
Chapter 1: Luo Feng

The azure sky seemed like a gigantic blue emerald, the midsummer sun seemed like a huge fireball, hung on the top of this huge emerald. Using the sun’s position, one could estimate it was around 3 PM.

Zhi-An region’s 3rd high school.

[DING DING DING]

As the loud bell spread across the entire campus, the campus suddenly arose with commotion and ruckus. Each building poured with students, laughing in groups towards the school gate.

“Luo Feng brother! Luo Feng brother*!” a thick voice said.

*This brother is one used in respect (not blood related kind)

“Feng, someone’s calling for you”

In the midst of the group of students, a teenager who was holding a bookmark walked along with the students. He was wearing a regular blue sports uniform and was around 175 cm, and was a bit skinny. At this time, he hesitantly turned his head. The person calling for him was a guy around 190 cm with tiger-like shoulders and a bear-like waist. His biceps were even more brawny and astonishing.

“You are?” Luo Feng hesitantly watched his approach, not recognizing who was in front of him.

These two people: one sturdy and like a brown bear, while “Luo Feng Brother” was like a regular person.

And height…

The difference was immensely large. However, this broad shouldered, large waisted guy, seemed to display formality. He carefully looked at the “Luo Feng Brother” he admired.

“Looks like the rumors were right. Luo Feng brother is quite easy to talk to.”

“Luo Feng brother, I… I have something that I need Luo Feng brother’s help with.”

“With what?” Luo Feng laughed.

“While I was training my fists, I felt like there was something wrong when I punched. I was wondering if brother had any time to give me any pointers.”

The burly guy continued,

“According to the dojo teacher, with my strength, I should be able to release a punch that is over 50% in power. However, I can never reach that value at all.”

The burly guy looked expectantly at Luo Feng.

“Oh… I see.” Luo feng paused for a moment, nodding his head.

“Okay, this Friday during noon, find me at the dojo.”

“Thank you brother. Thank you brother” The burly guy repeatedly thanked.

Luo Feng laughed a bit and then left with his friends.

Seeing that Luo Feng has left, the burly guy displayed his excitement. He clenched his fist, and as his bicep’s veins were bursting, excitedly shouted out:

“SUCCESS!”

“Wow! Luo Feng brother agreed that easily?!” A boy wearing a school uniform exclaimed.

“The rumors are indeed true; Luo Feng brother is easy to talk to and is a good person” The burly guy grinned.

“But…. that’s not right. In our 3rd high school*, in the 5000 students, only three are able to achieve the title of “Martial Arts Elite Student”. In those three students, the other two are ‘Zhang Hao Bai’ and ‘Liu Ting’, but they are too prideful and aren’t willing to use their time to guide us.” The boy wearing the school uniform said doubtfully.

“But Luo Feng brother is this kind?”

*3rd is just the number of the high school, not their ranking or any of the sort.

At this moment, around the entire world in each country’s region, virtually every high school student, while receiving a basic education, joins a martial arts dojo to unleash the power sleeping within every human.

Zhi-An region’s 3rd high school, with three grades and around 5000 high school students.

For the most part, are all beginners in the dojo! Only an extremely small amount are “intermediate members”. And only three can achieve the title of “Elite member”!

“Seeing is believing. Heh heh. See that? Luo Feng brother is different from the other two.” The burly guy curled his lips.

“Zhang Hao Bai and Liu Ting, their families are all filled with wealthy people. Ever since they were young, their families spent an enormous amount of money to raise and train them, which is why they are so strong now. However, Luo Feng is completely different from them!”

The boy wearing the school uniform nodded in agreement. “I also heard that Luo Feng brother’s has a regular background. He even lives in a low rent house.”

“Yes, for Luo Feng brother to get to where he is today, was entirely out of bitter training. Relying on his fists and feet to train. Totally different from Zhang Hao Bai and Liu Ting.”

The burly guy clenched his fist and took a deep breath. “My goal is Luo Feng brother, and before I graduate from college, within these four years, I will pass the dojo’s test and achieve the rank of “Elite member”!”.

……

At this moment, the Luo Feng brother they are talking about is just following the stream of people headed towards the third gate with another boy in a sports uniform.

“Feng, when that big blockhead who was asking you for tips walked away, he was praising you.” The boy wearing the sports uniform started laughing.

“Praising what a great person you are and how you’re so easy to talk to.”

Luo Feng laughed. “What, you jealous, Wei Wen?”

“Jealous of you?” Wei Wen touched his nose and laughed.

“In your dreams. I was sighing that the blockhead doesn’t even know ‘Luo Feng Brother’s’ true side. But I remember in vivid detail… that time on the dojo competition platform, the ‘Luo Feng Brother’ he praises fought three people consecutively. And those three high schoolers couldn’t even climb back up again.”

Luo Feng laughed.

Indeed, that match was his rise to fame.

Luo Feng hit Wei Wen’s shoulder, “Let’s go home now.”

Wei Wen’s shoulder made an exaggerated shake, “Feng, lighter please. With that one hit, my shoulder is about to shatter!”

“This again!”

Wei Wen is Luo Fen’s great friend who has played with him ever since he was small. Even though they aren’t brothers by blood, the feeling is close enough.

Elementary, Middle, High school.

Looking back, these two do indeed share a deep bond.

“Eh?”

Wei Wen suddenly looks forward.

“Feng, look, it’s the one you have a crush on!”

“Hm?” Luo Feng also looks, and only sees the ponytailed girl with jeans and a white polo T-shirt out of the entire crowd.

Luo Feng’s heart skips a beat.

A name swept across his heart — Xu Xin!

Luo Feng’s crush on Xu Xin: Those who know of this secret are small in number, but good bro Wei Wen naturally knew ages ago.

During his first year of high school, Luo Feng and Xu Xin were in the same grade. The first time Luo Feng saw Xu Xin, he felt like there was something bright in front of him.

That said, during class time, with Luo Feng sitting in the back, for some reason, cannot control himself: he unknowingly looks towards Xu Xin’s back. Just looking silently.

He is satisfied with just looking at Xu Xin’s back.

Since the classes were scrambled again in the second year, he and Xu Xin weren’t in the same grade anymore. However, every time Luo Feng sees Xu Xin, he cannot keep his eyes off her.

“There is only one month left until exams.” Luo Feng whispered to himself. “I had no courage and no time for romance in the past. In the final month, everyone is frantically reviewing, and Xu Xin wants to better herself. How can she distract herself with romance? It is the same for me, I cannot lose focus, or I will regret it for the rest of my life.”

“Whatever, this love… I’ll just make it a memory.”

Romance….

Is bitter. The flower hasn’t even bloomed and yet has already withered.

Luo Feng just wants to silently put all of this at the bottom of his heart.

“You had your chance to go after her. Now that there’s only one month left.” Wei Wen shakes his head. “I’m afraid you’ll never see her again. In the future, it’ll be too late to even regret.”

“Wei Wen” Luo Feng shakes his head. “Stop. Without achieving the title of “Fighter”, I will not distract myself with romance.”

“Bro, you’re quite cruel!”

Wei Wen raises his thumb. ” ‘Fighter’ ? In our entire school of 5000 people, not one was able to achieve that rank. You dare say that if you don’t achieve the rank of ‘Fighter’, you won’t “distract yourself with romance?” Cow, you cow!”

“Hm?” Luo Feng glances at a group of five in the crowd outside the gate. “Zhang Hao Bai?”

In the group of students outside the gate, there are five people who are very eye-catching, whose leader is at least 180 cm, wearing a white T-shirt, white and long pants, and huge chest muscles. The four people surrounding him, whether it was brawniness or a scar on their face, were just as fearsome. And that white shirted teenager in Zhi-An section’s 3rd High School is indeed one of the three with the title of “Elite” — Zhang Hao Bai.

“Luo Feng” snorted Zhang Hao Bai.

If you ask Zhang Hao Bai who he hates most in this entire high school, the answer will clearly be Luo Feng!

Since one out of the three who have earned the title of “Elite” is a girl, just the two of those boys are “Elite” title holders!

Also, Zhang Hao Bai comes from a rich background while Luo Feng is just a regular person, living in a cheap, rented home.

In grades– Luo Feng is way ahead of Zhang Hao Bai!

In strength– Both Luo Feng and Zhang Hao Bai have earned the title of “Elite”, but Luo Feng once challenged three high schoolers consecutively and beat them until they couldn’t even get back up. And within these three, one of them was Zhang Hao Bai. He even got a tooth beat out of him that time!

And for conditions at home, clearly Zhang Hao Bai has the money!

A good background, but comparing grades and strength, Luo Feng is far superior. In school, whenever someone compliments Zhang Hao Bai, someone would usually bring up Luo Feng to compare!

Resentment!

The resentment that Zhang Hao Bai holds toward Luo Feng is great.

“Let’s go” Zhang Hao Bai licked his tooth, which had a faint sense of pain. That time he was beat until his mouth was full of blood and lost a tooth.

“This Zhang Hao Bai, ever since that time in the dojo, is much more well behaved after receiving a beating. He won’t ever mess with you again.” Wei Wen said towards Luo Feng as he watched the group of five get farther and farther.

Zhang Hao Bai?

Luo Feng has never concerned himself with such a person.

“I would rather deal with less than more” said Luo Feng as he walked home with Wei Wen.

On the way home.

[drip, drip] on the street. The car’s horn sounded. As of now, all the cars use electric energy, so at least there will be no smell of gasoline on the street.

“Wei Wen, there is one more month until the exam. During this month, let’s put forth our best effort.” Luo Feng and Wei Wen walked on the street.

“At that dojo there, we can relax temporarily. Do some restorative training every day, while mainly concentrating on culture studies. Our twelve years of work were for this exam.”

“Yea, twelve years of culture studies. This exam determines our fate.” Wei Wen also sighed. “Exams, Exams. Just like an army of ten thousand horses crossing a wooden bridge*”

*AKA pain in the neck

“Yup.” Luo Feng nodded.

His home conditions aren’t very good, even though he has the title of “Elite”. No matter how poor his culture grade is, he can always get a job of “Elite Bodyguard” and easily earn a yearly salary of 20 to 30 thousand dollars. However, will Luo Feng be satisfied with just a job of being a bodyguard?

……

At this time, around a thousand meters above Zhi-An region.

A large, black-crowned golden eagle was flying past the city. It’s body was around twenty meters long, like a huge fighter jet, the feathers of its body had a cold, metallic luster; the feathers on its head were a secluded black, like a black crown. Its huge talons were also golden.

A pair of sharp, blue, glowing eyes looked down upon the human city, hiding a sliver of killing intent.

“BOOM!”

The black-crowned golden eagle, who was already flying super fast, suddenly increased its speed exponentially, breaking through the sound barrier within a moment, reaching an appalling speed. At the same time, an extremely high pitched sound erupted from within the mouth of the eagle. The frightening shockwave, which could be seen to the naked eye, spread rapidly downwards.

At Zhi-An’s region’s Zi-Tian road’s intersection, Luo Feng was waiting for the red light with Wei Wen.

Suddenly–

[AHN]

An ear piercing howl suddenly arose, but this was not quite so like thunder. Thunder’s sound is great and deafening. But this sound was ear piercing, Luo Feng felt a slight pain in his ear drums, with some wrinkles of uncomfort arising on his forehead. Many people on the street were already covering their ears.

“That’s the cry of a bird.” said Luo Feng as looked up towards the sky.

“Hm?” surprised Luo Feng.

Under the shock of the ear piercing howl, a huge piece of glass in a skyscraper on the neighboring street let out a deep [KA~~~ KA~~~] sound.

Lots of glass cracked open, and dozens of glass fell from the high sky. Some smashed against the pedestrian path, or hit people, or even smashed against the lights on the street.

[PAI!] [PENG!] [PIPA (crackling noises)!] …..

There were bursting noises for a while.

And one of the glass fell against a streetlight that was right next to Luo Feng.

“Wah!” Wei Wen rapidly stepped back two steps, dodging a piece of shattered glass.

And one of the glass shattered against the ground and a piece was flying straight towards Luo Feng like a knife.

“Hm?” Luo Feng saw out of the corner of his eye.

However, there was no dodging. He just stood there calmly. In an instant, his right hand, like lightning, caught the piece of glass that was flying towards him.

The piece of glass reflected Luo Feng’s look. He tapped it twice and then randomly threw it. Like a hidden weapon, the piece of glass flew straight towards a far away trash can and accurately went inside the opening.

On the street, the cars that were affected at first quickly went back to normal. And the people on the street were having a discussion. Some unfortunate ones were injured, but most of them had no injury at all.

“What strength.” Luo Feng looked towards the sky.

“So much power in just one howl. It must’ve been a powerful beast. Wei Wen, weren’t you good with beasts? Do you know what kind of beast this is?”

Wei Wen squinted; a light of excitement was within in the slit of his eyes.

“Feng, there is a defense system 500 meters above this city. This beast was definitely flying above 500 meters. Even with such distance, it’s howl could still have so much power. And regular beasts wouldn’t even dare howl above a human city!”

“With such strength and arrogance, and according to the sound… If I’m correct, this should be one of the terrifying “black crowned eagles!” said Wei Wen solemnly.

“Black crowned eagle?” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed.

Of course he has heard of the infamous black crowned eagle.

“The black crowned eagle is ranked three out of the Diao species monsters.” Wei Wen’s eyes shined.

“A grown black crowned eagle’s body is around 21 meters in length. Its wingspan is around 36 meters and its flight speed could reach up to 3.9 mach, which is 3.9 times the speed of sound. Using 340 m/s as the speed of sound, that is 1326 meters per second, which is 4774 kilometers in an hour.”

Luo Feng knew that the black crowned eagle was powerful, but once he heard the extreme speed of 1326 m/s, he held his breath.

One second, which is just one blink, and it’s already a thousand meters away.

“The black crowned eagle’s feathers are even harder than diamond. It probably is as tough as a third-grade Ke Lei alloy.” Wei Wen excitedly added.

“There are videos online. The black crowned eagle has followed hordes and met armies. It has received fire from a 20mm fire-god cannon. A fire-god cannon could shoot 7000 bullets per second. 7000 bullets per second is a stream of bullets! And each bullet could pierce through a 50mm thick steel plate. However… even under the fire-god cannon’s barrage, the barrage couldn’t even hit one feather off of the black crowned eagle.”

“After that, a mysterious martial artist, holding a Ke Lei alloy battle knife, made a stream of light and cut the black crowned eagle in half!” Wei Wen passionately said.

Luo Feng’s heart was also beating faster.

That video was spread around all over the place, so he has seen it too.

“The title of fighter, I will definitely achieve it some day… I want to become like that senior*, able to hold a battle knife and cut open monsters like the black crowned eagle and the powerful devil gorilla.” Luo Feng thought to himself in his heart. Every teenager has this dream, so of course it is Luo Feng’s dream too!

*Senior like upperclassman not old man.

However, according to the internet, that mysterious powerful fighter who cut the black crowned eagle in half, is internationally in the top 100; a super fighter!

“Feng, Feng, what are you doing? We’re already home” Wei Wen shouted.

From this, Luo Feng emerged from his deep thought, looking at the sector made up of a lot of tube-shaped buildings. –Small South Coast sector һ The government built this small, cheap rental area. And Luo Feng has been living in this area for 18 years.


Chapter 2: RR

The southern sector is primarily used as a cheap rental area. It’s packed to its limits and each of the apartments are like huge, square concrete poles and are built with no consideration to sun’s exposure.

Luo Feng’s home is on the 32nd floor out of the 36 floors in a certain apartment.

“Feng, wanna go to the dojo tonight?” Wei Wen says as he heads toward another apartment.

“I have to go out for some family education matters tonight. After that’s done, I might go to the dojo. Don’t wait for me tonight.” Luo Feng smiles and waves his hand and then flies up the staircase; each of Luo Feng’s step covering four stair steps. Like a speeding panther, Luo Feng reached the second story within two blinks.

Third floor, Fourth floor…

“Step! Step!”

Even while sprinting, Luo Feng is still extremely flexible, having enough time to make way for other residents on the staircase.

“Feng, out of school?”

“Yea, Uncle Wang.” Luo Feng’s breathing pattern is not affected at all. As an ‘Elite’ member, this speed of climbing is no different from a relaxing walk.

To the vast majority of the residents opinions’, no elevator was built in the building. If an elevator was built, then the residents’ rental fee would be increased. As of now, to many of the residents, climbing up a few dozen stories is very easy.

To them, building a elevator in the building is just a waste.

Since electricity is expensive and the city’s defense system is electric-powered, the entire country needs electricity.

32nd floor!

On the 32nd floor, there are eight families, and Luo Feng’s is one of them.

“Kacha!” Holding the key, Luo Feng opens the door.

“Brother, is that you?” A sound came within the home.

“Yup” Luo Feng closes the door. At a glance, Luo Feng’s home consists of one room and one living room, the area being 36 ping*.

*A “ping” is approximately 3.306 square meters.

Ever since the beginning of his memory, he has lived here with his brother and parents, a family of four, in this 36 ping place.

“Hua, what are you reading?” Luo Feng heads toward the balcony.

On the balcony, a skinny, sickly white teenager sits on a wheelchair, holding an english book. When Feng saw that, he laughed, “Oh, is that ‘Pulaisi’ the investing expert? Within the investing experts, isn’t the stock god ‘Bafeite’ the most famous?”

Towards investments and stock, Luo Feng understands nothing.

“Bafeite isn’t really suited for me. Also, Pulaisi’s theories and thoughts are closer to my own ideals, so I can learn more from them.” The skinny teenager raised his head and let out a small smile.

“You continue reading.” Luo Feng laughed.

Inadvertently, Luo Feng glanced at his younger brother’s legs and felt a pain in his heart… During his younger years, his younger brother’s legs were crushed by a car. Everything below his thigh was crushed, which crippled him. As a cripple, he faces immense pressure under living in the current society. Even his education can only be taught through long-distance internet lessons.

Since he hasn’t been exposed to any sunlight for a long duration of time, his brother’s face is a sickly white, as if he’s sick.

And…. he doesn’t have many friends, since he is a bit introverted.

“Mom and Dad’s salary aren’t high and they have to raise me and my brother, and my brother is even crippled… the burden on our family is too large, so we can only live in this cheap rental home.”

“I have to change the destiny of our home!”

Luo Feng thinks to his heart.

“I have a crush on Xu Xin, and yet I haven’t made any moves, haven’t tried to start a relationship”

“According to the law, one can marry at 18 years old, so lots of people have relationships during high school and marry when they graduate. Those who haven’t had relationships in high school are few within few. How come I don’t have one?”

“Because, I don’t have time to waste on romance! My family isn’t rich, so I don’t have an amazing teacher’s guidance. I can only depend on myself for everything.” Luo Feng’s gaze lands on the living room’s old sofa, which could also act as a bed. “This many years, a family of four, just in this house of one room and one living room. My brother and I are in the only room, while after all these years, my parents sleep on the living room’s sofa…”

“I will definitely let my family live in a huge house, a huge house with an elevator.”

“Let dad and Mom sleep on a huge bed.”

“Let my brother not have to struggle so much when going down the stairs.”

“The house must have a huge window so the sunlight can completely shine through!.”

These words have been repeated through Luo Feng’s mind countless times, which is why he is so hard working.

So──

He became one of the three ‘Elite’ members in the #3 high school and is the only one out of the three who has an average family. The other two are extremely wealthy.

…..

“Huahua~~” From the faucet’s unending stream, it filled up the electric kettle very quickly.

“Chichi……” Plugging in the electric kettle, Luo Feng sat on the sofa with a history textbook in home, continuously memorizing the important parts of the book.

Suddenly──

“Di!”

The kettle’s water has boiled. Luo Feng puts down his book and pours the water into an insulating bottle. He also poured it into a large plastic cup and placed it on the table.

“AD 2026, the battle of Hong Ze happened in the Hong Ze lake… Yup, year 2026.” Luo Feng memorized historical events one by one. Out of his regular education, Luo Feng is best at math. However, he is most interested in history. Because everytime he sees the 21st century’s history

…..

He feels uneasy.

This is the history of human reformation!

“Hua.” Luo Feng walks towards his brother.

“Yes, brother?” Younger Brother Luo Hua puts down the book in his hands.

“I have highlighted the 139 important parts in this book, quiz me a bit.” Luo Feng hands the history textbook in his hand. Luo Hua listened and laughed. “Sure, I rarely get the chance to quiz you. Brother, listen up, I’m going to give a question. If you get it wrong, it would be embarrassing.”

“Ask away.” Luo Feng laughs, sitting on the couch.

“There was one man who slayed the ‘Tiger head dragon’ and saved hundreds of thousands of people, which let thousands of them successfully transfer to the Jiang Nan base. Who is the hero? From where? How old was he when he died?” “What exact date did this happen?” Luo Hua asked as he flipped through the book.

“The hero was ‘Dong Nan Bao’ who was granted a four star hero medal by the country. He’s Yuan Jiang Tai Xing. He died when he was 39 years old. This happened… should be AD 2018…” Luo Feng raised his eyebrows.

Luo Hua continued asking, “The exact date is AD 2018, what month, what day?”

“Um.. I think it was…” Luo Feng said hesitantly, “June 18th.”

“Haha, you got the first question wrong.” Luo Hua shaked his head, “Dong Nan Bao is indeed from Yuan Jiang Tai Xing and died when he was 39 years old. However, this happened on AD 2018, June 16th.”

“Ah!”

Luo Feng hit his head and laughed bitterly. “I get 16 and 18 mixed up all the time, continue asking.”

“Okay, listen carefully, second question.” Luo Hua was clearly excited. “AD 2013 in…”

…..

The two brothers asked and answered, and time flew by quickly.

“I already asked half the questions in this book. I asked 68 questions and you got 63 right and 5 wrong.” Luo Hua raised his head and looked at the clock hanging on the wall. “Dad and Mom are going to be back soon. I’ll ask you one last question and ask you the other half some other time.”

“Last question? Okay, ask away.” Luo Feng’s concentration increased.

“This question, is very basic. Review the important events of the ‘Da Nie Pan’* period.” asked Luo Hua.

*Da Nie Pan’s pan character was slightly different, but this basically means Nirvana/Grand Nirvana, or at least hints at it. I will call it the Grand Nirvana period from now on.

Luo Hua had a serious expression, for the Grand Nirvana period was the most important part of the history of human reformation. “In the beginning of the 21st century, the entire world continued to have several virus outbreaks. AD 2003 was SARS, 2009 was H1N1, and 2013, finally the even more horrifying R-type virus broke out. As the R-type virus spread, it mutated into around twenty different kinds, which made it even more challenging for anti-virals to fight against. As a result, all of the countries of the world had many deaths.”

“As the medical department advanced, the virus got under control.”

“However, on AD 2015 January, the R virus mutated into its most horrifying mutation, the one which became known was the RR virus!”

“In the past, many R virus mutations were spread through body fluids, some which could be spread through water. However, its life span in water is very short. On the other hand, this RR virus could go through body fluid, go through water, and even worse… it could even go through air! With a lifespan of up to three hours in the air!”


Chapter 3: Jiang-Nan City

“Right when the RR disease appeared, it rapidly spread around the world. All forms of life, as long as they needed to breath (whether human or flying beasts), were infected.”

“By the time humans found the existence of the RR disease, it was already too late.”

“After the infection of the RR disease, the death rate was reaching 30%. In a matter of those three months, excluding the mass deaths of animals, the population of the world dropped by nearly 2 billion!”

“The survivors neared 5 billion, whom all have a natural resistance against the disease.”

“During these nightmarish three months, the whole planet experienced excruciating pain.”

“During this process, the 5 billion survivors realized that their bodies have strengthened. Virtually everyone’s power, speed, rate of cell division, and skin toughness have at least doubled! Even an average man could easily surpass the previous world champion in running and weightlifting.”

“And then… disaster started!”

“The humans who have lived so comfortably have strengthened so much. The beasts who have survived the RR disease have went through even harsher conditions. In their transformations, their strength has raised surprisingly far beyond humans’. And some of these horrifying beasts got even smarter!”

“September, 2015. Starting from the attack of the plethora of organisms in the sea, countless of ‘beast’ transformed animals started attacking human settlements!”

“Blood, madness!”

“In the war between human and beast, the humans have realized that their explosive weapons that they were so proud of only worked on the lower-grade beasts. The stronger flying and crawling beasts had no fear towards the cannons. The bullets couldn’t even scratch their armor! Homing missiles are easily dodged by speedy, quick-reacting beasts.”

“Even when humans used nuclear attacks, they shockingly found out…”

“The defense capability of the monsters were too great; only those within the blast radius of the bomb died. The monsters in the surrounding area weren’t killed. The power of the bomb wasn’t as strong as the humans thought it would be. Even though it killed a horde of monsters, the radiation from the bomb gave birth to even more horrifying monsters. The most famous and horrifying monster of that year was the ‘Crimson Sky Wolf’, which could fly and massacred hundreds of thousands of people. It was at this time people realized…. radiation could actually mutate the monsters!”

“Although horrifying monsters appeared, powerful warriors also sprung out from the human side. The Crimson Sky Wolf was defeated by a super powerful warrior who could also fly (ranked number 2 internationally: ‘Thunder Lord’).”

“These warriors saved a large amount of normal civilians in a crucial time. They assisted the army in fighting off the horde of monsters. During this time, many epic stories came about.”

“Human Scientist ‘KeLuoDeSenNa’ used materials from the corpses of monsters along with a metal called ‘Blue Gold’ found on the moon to make a metal alloy even harder than diamond: the Ke Luo Alloy! Given these powerful weapons that could cut through the monsters’ armor, the powerful warriors didn’t have to rely on just their bare hands anymore.”

This portion of history was very clear in Luo Feng’s mind.

“During the war, a large portion of the city was destroyed.”

“In the continent of Asia, countries were hastily building six major bases to transfer the huge population to. For the warriors… my country and India have the largest amount! For technology, the United States, European Union, and Russia were leaders.”

“Since the number of monsters in the sea are immeasurable, all of the island countries were destroyed!”

“Even now, the sea is the monsters’ territory.”

“In the war between humanity and monsters, the only countries that are capable of defending themselves are: India, the United States, the European Union, Russia, and my country. The rest of the countries were destroyed a long time ago. In the critical moment, the United Earth Federation was formed, with the five countries as its nucleus. The United Forces of the United Earth Federation helped create many human bases all around the world.”

Luo Feng marveled.

A war that lasted five and a half years, the most horrifying war! In this war, deaths totaled to nearly 10 billion. Only the system maintained by the five countries stayed intact, the rest of the countries’ survivors mixed together in various human bases.

Until now

On land, the humans maintain the advantage. But the countless monsters in the sea maintain their control over the sea.

“From 2013 to 2021, in these eight years, was the Grand Nirvana period of human history!” Luo Feng sat on the couch.

[DONG]~~[DONG]~~[DONG]~~[DONG]~~[DONG]

The clock’s sound echoed within the house.

The clock on the wall rang five times, which signals that it’s currently 5 PM.

“The Grand Nirvana period.” Luo Hua marveled.

“Brother, truthfully, I can’t really wrap my head around what the world was like before the Grand Nirvana Period. There were over 200 countries, so how many people were there? Only 7 billion. Some countries would be in grave danger; just one powerful beast would be able to wipe an entire country off the map.”

Luo Feng nodded, “Which is why the whole world is comprised of five powerful countries and 23 cities.”

On the entire planet, there were five countries in total: China, India, the United States of America, the European Union, and Russia. Locations such as South America and Africa made up the 23 cities, or bases.

China had six human bases, which are the present’s Six Major Cities.

Luo Feng’s home was Yi-An region’s Yang Zhou city, one of the eight parts of Jiang-Nan City.

The entire population of Jiang-Nan city neared 200 million. Yang Zhou city of Jiang-Nan City’s Yi-An region had over a million people. Jiang-Nan city base used to be comprised of Yuan Jian Su*. Of course there were also Yuan An Wei*.

*These are different kinds of ethnic groups.

“So long ago” Luo Hua looked towards the clock hanging on the wall, “Right now it’s 2056; the Grand Nirvana Period is already more than 30 years into the past. In our society, virtually everyone has to go train in a dojo. Our society is much stronger than it was 30 years ago.”

Luo Feng nodded.

In 30 years, there definitely was a major increase in powerful warriors along with a steady progression in technology. However, many terrifying monsters have also been born.

[KA]

The door was opened and a middle-aged couple walked in. The man’s shirt was drenched in sweat and had some paint stains. It was clear he was very tired. The woman, holding a basket containing vegetables and meat, wasn’t very tall.

“Dad, Mom” Luo Feng immediately rose; they are his parents.

Father Luo Hong Guo, Mother Gong Xin Lan.

“Haha, Feng, keep reading, keep reading. Don’t bother with me.” Luo Hong Guo laughed. Since his son has exams soon, studying is of utmost importance in Luo Hong Guo’s eyes.

Luo Hong Guo lowered his head and saw a large plastic bottle of tap water. The fact that there was always water ready for him everytime he returned warmed his heart. After working all day, he would take this bottle and drink the entire thing in one gulp, letting out a satisfied breath of air.

“Hurry up and go take a shower, you reek of sweat.” Gong Xin Lan laughed.

“Haha” Luo Hong Guo laughed and immediately went to get a change of clothes, headed towards the small corner that served the family for many years as a ‘bathroom’.

Gong Xin Lan laughed and looked at her two sons, “Feng, Hua, today Mom is going to make roasted meat!”

“Roasted meat is my favorite!” Luo Hua yelled right away.

Luo Feng also laughed. As he watched his mother put on her apron and prepare to cook dinner, Luo Feng was clear… Mom always went grocery shopping in the evening after her work, since the price for the groceries are much cheaper than the morning’s. However, the groceries wouldn’t be as fresh by then. Luo Feng then glanced at the bathroom, thinking “I must hurry and get the title of ‘Fighter’ so Mom wouldn’t have to go grocery shopping during the evening and Dad wouldn’t have to go work so much.”

In his heart…..

Luo Feng has always wished for his parents to be able to take a break and enjoy the sunlight and good food in peace.

“Feng” Luo Hong Guo walked towards Luo Feng after finishing his shower, “Dad has something to tell you.”

“What?” Luo Feng looked at his father.

Luo Feng laughed a bit, “It’s like this, Feng. I never asked you what your plans you had for after high school graduation. Could you tell me?” Luo Hong Guo rarely talked about these kinds of matters with his son because he didn’t want to pressure him. He knew that his son worked very hard and has performed very well.

Right when Luo Hong Guo said this, Gong Xin Lan’s cooking movements started to slow down a bit. Luo Fengs parents really cared for their son’s future.

“Dad, I was thinking like this.”

Luo Feng added, “According to my grades, I’m sure that getting into ‘Jiang-Nan’s number one military academy’ wouldn’t be difficult. Now that I have earned the dojo’s ‘Elite’ title, I would be raised as an officer in the military academy. Mom and Dad can enter into the family section of the military.”

There were also different tiers in the military.

China, of course, recruited soldiers. However, regular soldiers didn’t receive much. However, for a young man holding the title of ‘Elite’ and getting into ‘Jiang-Nan’s number one military academy’, would have intellect and strength. The country would surely focus on such people and give their families a home.

For the family of an officer, the conditions would be tens of hundreds of times better than this cheap, rented home.

“Then what if you can’t get in that number one military academy?” Luo Hong Guo said, “Feng, don’t give yourself too much pressure.”

“There are two main military academies in Jiang-Nan city. If anything goes wrong in your exams and you are unable to get into the best academy, there is absolutely no problem with going to the second one.” Luo Feng clearly understood his grades: normally, he can score around 50 points higher than the average Bachelor. For the second military academy, he only has to reach the average.

In the tests today, there are only two types: Bachelors and Specialists. There is also only one dividing line. Those above that line are Bachelors, and those below are Specialists.

“In the second military academy, having the title of ‘Elite’, I would also be nurtured as an officer. There wouldn’t be too much of a difference in treatment.” Luo Feng laughed.

To become a Bachelor…

Only two out of ten people could do it.

However, for a high school student, only one out of a thousand people could achieve the title of ‘Elite’.

“Yup, if you got the confidence then that’s great. However, Feng, don’t give yourself too much pressure. Me and your mom just need a stable life, that’s all.” Luo Hong Guo nodded his head slightly, “This kid, just gives himself too much pressure.”

“Not at all.” Luo Feng laughed, “I don’t really have much pressure. Since I’m young, I just have a bit more energy and motivation.”

Luo Feng says that out loud, but in his heart: “Mom, Dad, brother, after my exams, you will soon be able to enjoy a good life. After I achieve the rank of ‘Fighter’, you guys won’t have to live so bitterly.”

“Hurry and get the bowls and chopsticks and move the dishes onto the table. Dinner is ready!” Gong Xin Lan laughed and urged.

“Aight.” Luo Hong Guo laughed and stood up to get the bowls and chopsticks.

“The vegetables smell great!” Luo Feng sniffed the pot and helped carry the dishes.”

“I smell the smell of roasted meat, yay~~~” Luo Hua shouted excitedly and moved his wheelchair towards the table.

A family of four, enjoying their time.


Chapter 4: Luo Feng’s skill

After dinner, Luo Feng’s mom and dad brought Luo Hua to walk outside while Luo Feng went to tutor.

Around 6 PM, the sky was already about to become completely dark.

“This tutoring job will have to be on hold soon.” Luo Feng was like a leopard, flexibly moving through the alleys. There was a dead end in front, but Luo Feng’s entire body flew in the air. He jumped over two meters high, lightly tapping the top of the wall with his left hand, and fell into the next alley.

Sprinting was his warm up before tutoring.

At this time, Luo Feng’s speed was 15 meters per second, or 54 km/hour, which wasn’t even his top speed. However, it was able to serve its purpose as warm up.

[Light panting]

“One more month until exams, and then I will be able to put tutoring on hold. I earned twenty thousand dollars during this half year of tutoring.” Having the title of ‘Elite’, it was easy for him to find a tutoring job, teaching someone the basics.

The salary was 100 dollars per hour.

For five days a week, he taught for one hour a day. In other words, his monthly salary would be around 2000 dollars.

“Dad works hard all day and only earns around 2-3 thousand dollars a month. I just tutor for an hour and earn so much more than him… This is the difference between a normal person and someone with a title! If I am able to become a ‘Fighter’, then the difference would be shocking!” Luo Feng looked ahead of him and saw a cargo truck blocking the road.

However, Luo Feng didn’t slow down at all. He suddenly jumped up to a height of 2-3 meters high and then ran two steps on the side of the wall. He then dropped back down and continued running forwards.

After that

Luo Feng has already ran to the outer part of a quiet residential area.

“Here is where Mom and Dad should be living.” Luo Feng stopped and eyed the area in front of him. The density of the homes in the area was lower and there were man-made pools. There were tons of foliage and every floor of each building had its own garden, even the higher floors.

Other than the tall residential homes, there were also villas.

Know that

As of now, there are a total of six major bases in China, which are the six major cities. Each city has an astonishingly large population. For example, Jiang-Nan city’s population is nearly 200 million. Naturally, there is very little land. Things like villas are very rare and expensive. The large mansions that take up even more space cost an enormous amount of money.

“I’m going to #1801 of the 18th building” said Luo Feng to the guardsman outside the area.

“Wait a moment” The guardsman pressed a video-telephone number and shot the camera at Luo Feng. A voice from the video-telephone said, “It’s Feng, let him in”

“Alright sir” The guardsman let him in.

……

One hour later, Feng walked out the area.

“Yup, done with tutoring. Now I’ll go to the dojo and see if there has been any increase in my strength.”

The ‘Dojo of Limits’, the largest dojo on earth created by the strongest fighter ‘Hong’.

There are dojos scattered all around the world.

[Di]

Luo Feng entered the dojo after scanning his student identification card at the door.

One ‘Dojo of Limits’ is like an entrenched gigantic monster: the area it covers is even larger than a high school. The main gate of the dojo is big enough to let ten cars in. Inside the dojo, there were three large silver-white structures with an airship-like style.

“Brother!*”

*This brother is one used in respect, not blood related. All the “brothers” for the rest of the chapter will be like this too.

“Greetings Brother”

On the lawn of the interior of the Dojo were large amounts of dojo members. These members saw Luo Feng’s ‘Elite’ identification on his chest and respected him.

Inside the dojo, the three structures were separated by level: one for the beginner members, one for the intermediate members, and one for the elite members.

The elite member building’s first and second floors are large teaching halls, large enough to hold a few thousand people. The teachers of the dojo taught in this hall. There were around 30-40 thousand members of this particular dojo.

You can only become a member of the dojo starting from the age of 16. After the age of 30, you are prohibited from coming back to the dojo, since you will be wasting valuable teaching resources.

There were a couple hundred ‘elite’ students, most being around 20 years old.

However, Luo Feng was only 18.

“Greetings Brother”

Luo Feng walked along as he heard people greet him. He entered the third floor of the elite building, which only elite members could enter.

The third floor was a couple hundred meters long and wide; a large training center. At this time, there were a couple dozen people.

“Crazy*”

*Not the “mad” kind of crazy. This is just a nickname incorporating the Feng of Luo Feng (crazy = Feng Zi)

“Hey, come Crazy.”

As he entered the large training center, all of the ‘elite’ members warmly greeted him.

“Brother Wang, Brother Yang, Sister Li” Luo Feng happily shouted back. As he looked at these people, his heart warmed. These few dozen people were all over 20 years of age. Of course, the elite members of the ‘Dojo of Limits’ of Zhi An section weren’t just these people. In total, there were over a hundred of them, but most of them were too lazy to come since there isn’t a teacher to teach.

The only people who would come to the training center are those who are poor and without anywhere else to train.

The rich people all have their own individual training center.

So

Almost all of these people live in cheap rental homes. Since they are all categorized as poor people, they naturally formed a clique. Luo Feng’s nickname of ‘Crazy’ came from the time when he consecutively challenged and defeated three rich elite members out of anger.

“I wonder how much my strength improved from the last half month of training.”

Luo Feng walked towards the ‘Fist Strength Tester Machine’ at the corner of the training hall, where there were two of them side by side. Whether you were a beginner, intermediate, or an elite member, you had to test the strength of your punch. Even the test to become a ‘Fighter’ has strength* tests.

*All strength tests refer to fist strength.

Luo Feng took in a deep breath and completely relaxed his body. Suddenly, his gaze concentrated. His body tensed, like a lazy lion getting ready for action. His spine tensed like a bow string. His feet supported his waist, which strengthened Luo Feng’s right fist. His punch was like a cannonball, shooting across an arc

[DA]

Luo Feng’s fist smashed against the machine.

The machine shook violently.

Soon enough, a number appeared on the machine’s screen “809 kg”

“Not bad, crazy. Got past the 800 kg milestone” A man with a height taller than 1.9 meters who was a bit lean yet buff laughed and clapped. This buff man had a savage scar on his face.

“Brother Yang” Luo Feng laughed, “when compared to you, this is nothing. Brother Yang, could you help me turn on the ‘Speed Tester Machine’?”

“Brother Yang, named Yang Wu, is currently ranked top three within the elite members in the ‘Dojo of Limits’. If it wasn’t for his speed, he would’ve cleared the ‘Fighter Preliminary Exams’ a long time ago.

For an elite member to become a fighter.

He has to pass two exams

The first exam is the ‘Fighter Fitness’ exam, or the Prospective Fighter exam. Once you pass that, you have proved that your fitness level has reached the standard of a ‘fighter’. At this time, you have become a ‘Prospective Fighter’.

The second exam is a ‘Fighter Combat’ exam.

Just having the body fitness doesn’t grant you the privilege of becoming a fighter. Only by defeating an actual monster in an actual fight will you be able to achieve the title of ‘Fighter’.

“Testing speed? Alright.” Yang Wu laughed as he walked towards the machine and turned it on.

[KA]

The machine turned on and lighted up.

Luo Feng adjusted his breathing and stood on the track, which was 60 meters long. Close to the speed testing machine was a speed testing region.

Luo Feng exploded forwards!

[WHOOSH]

In a blink of an eye, Luo Feng has accelerated to his maximum speed. His feet pedaled with strength, increasing his sprinting power. His body was like an arrow leaving a bow and flying across the runway, bringing along with him a gust of wind. Luo Feng flew past the speed testing region. After that, he naturally slowed down and stopped.

“How fast?” Luo Feng laughed as he walked towards the machine.

“Heh, crazy, looks like you improved a bit since last time. Not bad, not bad” Brother Yang, with a face of astonishment, looked at the number displayed on the speed testing machine, “Come look for yourself”

Luo Feng looked over to the machine and the number displayed was “23.8 m/s”

“Not bad”

Luo feng wasn’t that happy though, since there were three parts to the Fighter Fitness exam, or the ‘Prospective Fighter’ exam: Strength, speed, and reaction speed. For reaction speed, Luo Feng was naturally gifted and has barely reached the level that a fighter requires.

However

In the prospective fighter exam, the passing mark for strength is  900 kg!

For speed, the passing mark is 25 m/s! Or 100 meters every 4 seconds.


Chapter 5: Different Choices

“The stronger you get, the harder it is to improve” Luo Feng contemplated, “For me to raise my speed from 23.8 m/s to 25 m/s would probably take around one year. For my strength to improve from 809 kg to 900 kg would probably take even longer. I would probably have to wait until after I get into college to achieve the title of ‘Fighter’.”

“If, if… I enter a coma again, my body fitness level might reach what a ‘Fighter’ requires”

Of course, this kind of coma isn’t one you enter when someone beats you unconscious, but when you enter one from an extremely painful headache.

Luo Feng has a headache disorder.

Every so often Luo Feng gets a headache. However, he is usually able to bear with the pain until it passes. Occasionally, it would hurt so much that he would enter a coma.

Luo Feng has entered a coma twice so far.

When Luo Feng was 8 years old and his brother’s legs were crushed by a car, he was so sad that he got a headache. At the same time, his heartbeat started to rapidly rise and his blood circulation speed rose to an alarming rate. Soon after he felt like his heart was about to beat out of his chest, he entered a coma.

Another time was when Luo Feng was 12 years old and his mother was re-hospitalized. Afraid of losing his mother, Luo Feng panicked and got an extremely painful headache. Like before, his heartbeat rapidly rose and he entered a coma.

After two comas, Luo Feng’s family frequently brought him to the hospital for check ups. However, no illness was identified. Even in this age, the brain is still a mystery to medicine.

“However, the two comas have increased my body strength by many times” Luo Feng anticipated, “8 years old, 12 years old, after I woke up from the comas, my strength, speed, and reaction speed clearly improved. Because of this, I was able to skip right past the ‘Intermediate’ exam in the dojo and achieve the ‘Intermediate’ title. Thanks to my genes, I was able to achieve the ‘Elite’ title at the age of 17”

“If I enter a coma again, I bet my strength would increase even more!”

A coma is actually a symptom caused by your body to protect itself, so it isn’t entirely a bad thing.

“My head would hurt until its limit and my heartbeat would speed up until its limit”

Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at the watch on his wrist. This watch had a ‘Pulse meter’ function.

“Even after sprinting like crazy, my heart beat wouldn’t go above 120 times a minute” Luo Feng watched his watch, “If I can reach a rate of 200 times a minute, then that would be great” The premonitions of a coma is an extremely bad headache and a super high pulse.

However

No matter how hard he exercised, he couldn’t get his heartbeat to the rate which a coma would require.

Within the dojo training hall, scar faced Yang Wu, stood in front of the ‘Fist Strength Tester’ machine. However, he didn’t seem very serious; he simply punched the tester a few times with both hands. A repeated [PENG!] [PENG!] [PENG!] sounded as he punched the machine. Soon after that, a few numbers were displayed on the screen.”956kg, 912kg, 936kg, 981kg……”

Yang Wu punched a couple dozen times in one breath before stopping.

Luo Feng, who was watching on the sidelines, couldn’t help but admire. His full power could only amount to 809 kg, but Brother Yang could unleash a flurry of fists with such power. For all of them to just pass the 700 kg mark would already be plenty.

“Brother Yang, if only one of my full-power punches could be as strong as one of your random ones, then that would be great” Luo Feng laughed.

“You, ” Yang Wu walked towards Luo Feng and laughed as he hit him on the shoulder, “you’re only 19 this year, or 18 right now. When I was your age, I was only an intermediate member. With the rate at which you’re improving… you would achieve the body fitness level required for the rank of ‘Fighter’ within two years for sure. Heh, a 20 year old fighter, how envious.”

Luo Feng laughed.

The dojo only recruited students from age 16 to 30 because this is the period where one grows the fastest. This means that a person could enter the rankings more quickly and lead to even greater strength in the future. Luo Feng became an elite member at the age of 17, which many admired.

“Oh yea, Crazy, you got high school exams right? What’re ya gonna do after them?” Yang Wu laughed.

“I will have to prepare for military academy” Luo Feng let out a small laugh, “the average person becomes a basic level officer in the normal army. However, I should be able to get into the Special Forces after graduation without a problem.”

“Oh”

Yang Wu listened and curled his lip, “Entering a military academy is good but… I feel like your freedom is limited there. After you graduate from the academy and enter the special forces, you’ll have to follow all of the rules. I would never be able to handle that; better for me to become a free fighter.”

“A free fighter is great” Luo Feng nodded, “But I wouldn’t want my parents to worry. It is much safer to enroll in an academy, graduate, and then join the army than to become a free fighter.”

A fighter usually has four paths they can choose from.

The first path: Join the army and become a part of it. It’s safer and the country wouldn’t easily let the fighter take risks. The country would also give the fighter’s family many benefits, so the fighter would have no regrets.

The second path: Join a dojo. The restrictions of a dojo are broader and the community is more loose. Since the ‘Dojo of Limits’ was created by the strongest man on earth (‘Hong’), there are quite a few benefits in becoming a ‘fighter’ in that dojo. Since the administration isn’t as strict, there is more freedom too.

The third path: Join a large business, some family, or some major political power, and become a thug.

The fourth path: Join the mercenary corps, which would endanger your life all the time. At the same time, it grants the most freedom out of all four paths.

TL note: A free fighter doesn’t pertain to any of the above paths.

“Entering the army is safe, but I wouldn’t want to live my days without any freedom” Yang WU nodded, “This year, I think I can pass the ‘Prospective Fighter’ exam. After I pass, I’ll immediately sign up for the ‘Fighter Combat’ exam and work hard to become a fighter.”

Luo Feng’s eyes flashed: “Brother Yang, you’re confident that you can pass the prospective fighter exam?”

“Haha” Yang Wu laughed, “I have reached the requirements for strength and reaction speed a long time ago. My weak point is speed. However, if I do well, I can barely reach 25 m/s. I’ll work hard these few days and I should be able to pass the exam by the time I take it.”

“Congratulations, Brother Yang.” Luo Feng was happy for Brother Yang, since he worked so hard to become a fighter for so many years. “Brother Yang, what will you do after you become a fighter?”

“Of course I’d join the Dojo of Limits” Brother Yang laughed, “The Dojo of Limits has a very loose system and is scattered all around the world. Many previous fighters improved themselves in these dojos. Also, when I feel like taking a break, I can go out and kill some monsters. Quite free if you ask me.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Crazy” Yang Wu looked at Luo Feng, “You’re quite crazy inside your bones. I’m pretty sure that you are very suited to walk the path of a free fighter. Join a dojo, how free is that? And the Dojo of Limits would help us out a lot.”

“I….” Luo Feng hesitated.

Yang Wu saw what was happening, shaked his head, and laughed, “Crazy, free fighters frequently fight for their lives and train on the border between life and death. It’s a bit more dangerous! But at the same time, because you are constantly fighting for your life, it’s the fastest way to increase your strength! You see, no matter where, most of the strongest fighters are all free fighters.”

Night time, the streetlights shine.

As Luo Feng leaves the Dojo of Limits, he reflects on his conversation with Yang Wu as he walks alone.

“There are actually only two paths that suit me” Luo Feng thought to himself, “One is to enroll in the military academy, graduate, and then join the special forces. Next is to become a famous fighter in the Dojo of Limits and then kill monsters freely.”

“The safest out of these two paths is to enter the army. It’s safer and benefits my family. Even if I die, the country would take good care of my loved ones.”

“Becoming a free fighter and living on the border between life and death would increase my strength the fastest. I can exchange the monsters I kill for a huge sum of money. This path…. dangerous. Rapid increase in skill, quick money, free, but the only drawback is the danger.” Luo Feng contemplated. In fact, he has been thinking about this ever since he started his senior year of high school.

“My parents have two sons in total and my younger brother is already handicapped. If I become a free fighter and die in battle, how will my parents survive?”

Luo Hua needs someone to take care of him.

Mom and Dad are already quite old. If I die, what will happen to them?

“Guess I’ll enroll in a military academy.”

“After I join the special forces, I’ll be able to learn ‘Militaristic Martial Arts’ which, combined with my ‘Ultimate Martial Arts’ from the Dojo of Limits, should increase my strength. In the army, I can also train myself! Even if I die, I’ll die as a fighter, so my country would give my parents pension every month.” After thinking about his parents, Luo Feng decided to pick the military academy.

However…..

Not just anybody can enter a military academy. Your grades have to meet the standard, so everything depends on June’s exams.


Chapter 6: Exams

One month before the exams, Luo Feng put almost all of his concentration into reviewing. As he took his practice exams, his confidence started increasing.

“I easily have a 90% chance of getting into Jiang-Nan’s number one military academy”

This was what Luo Feng thought.

June 7th marks the beginning of exams. China’s exams go from June 7th-9th, which is the same time duration as before the Grand Nirvana period.

Zhi-An region’s first high school.

According to the rules, all of the exams will take place in this high school.

“Good luck, my daughter”

“No worries dad”

“Sweetie, don’t pressure yourself too much”

……

Outside of the high school’s gates was a huge, dense mob made up of high school exam takers and their parents. Also standing outside the gates was a row of police holding real, loaded guns.

“Feng, be at ease as you take the exam. Even if you don’t get into the top military academy, the runner up is just as fine. So relax!” Luo Hong Guo looked at his son and laughed.

“Ok” Luo Feng smiled and nodded his head.

[DRIP──DRIP──] followed a loud car. The car was completely black and had the aura of an aristocrat. It was the newest ‘Sprinting s600’ and had many police vehicles guarding it. As it approached the gate, the surrounding people made way for it; their gazes all focusing on that one car.

The newest ‘Sprinting S600’ only needed a mere six seconds to accelerate to 100 km/h. Its maximum speed could reach up to 500 km/h. Of course, this alone isn’t much. The ‘Sprinting S600’ is a brand carried from the Grand Nirvana period. In other words, its history is what makes it so attractive.

Only three people came out of the car, and they happily talked with each other as they walked towards the gate.

“The baldie on the left is the Chief of Police in our Zhi-An region”

“The guy on the right is the Board of Education’s head Liu”

“The one in the middle must be the ‘Fighter’ responsible for making sure the testing areas are safe.” Among the people watching, there is no doubt that most of the gazes landed upon the man in the middle. Their gazes were full of respect, excitement, and curiosity.

As of now, the fight between Man and Beast is still going on.

The average person is prohibited from leaving the city’s borders. However, fighters are the existence able to fight one on one against a beast. The entire human society is thankful towards them, thanking their hard work and contribution towards humanity. The average person naturally praises them.

The fighters are the superhuman group of humanity.

“So that’s a fighter” Luo Hong Guo was also looking at that man, “Every time there’s an exam, the responsibility of the safety of the grounds almost always falls upon the fighters.”

“Fighter”

Luo Feng looked over. The fighter had an aura that made your heart beat faster. His eyes were like a poisonous snake in a cold forest. He didn’t even smile once as he walked. Towards the Chief of Police and head Liu, he just slightly nodded his head at times. Clearly, he was too lazy to bother with them.

“Not too far in the future, I’ll also achieve the rank of ‘Fighter’!” Luo Feng thought to himself.

[KA~~ KA~~]

The high school’s large gate slowly opened.

Immediately a burst of sound came out: “It’s time to enter”

“Feng, it’s time to go in. Hurry and enter” Luo Hong Guo said right after. Gong Xin Lan also said, “Hurry and go. Mom will return home and make food for you. Your dad and brother will wait here until you finish your exam”

“Ok”

Luo Feng smiled and nodded his head.

“Brother” Luo Hua sat on his wheelchair and raised his fist. “Do your best!” Luo Hua said smiling.

“I’ll do my best!” Luo Feng also raised his fist.

As Luo Feng turned his head, everyone headed towards the gate and went through an inspection one by one.

Inside the testing classroom, your examination certificate and ID are placed on the top right of your table for the examiner to inspect. After that, the tests were passed down.

“Year 2056 Jiang-Nan City High School Science Exam Version A”──the clearest line at the top of the page

“The first round is science!”

Luo Feng scanned the test in front of him until he reached the final few large problems at the end. As if he has seen them before, Luo Feng thought to himself “These problems aren’t that difficult. If these aren’t difficult enough, my advantage in science would be hard to demonstrate. I guess I can only focus and make sure I don’t lose any points at all.”

Luo Feng immediately buried his head and started writing.

……

There are three exams in the high school exam: science, liberal arts, and mathematics. Each exam is worth 250 points, leading to a total of 750 points possible.

Science refers to physics, chemistry and biology.

Liberal Arts refers to language, history, politics, and geography.

Mathematics naturally refers to just math.

Humanity after the Grand Nirvana period, especially during their battle with the monsters, desperately tried to advance in technology and increase their martial arts skill. Because of this, everyone realized the importance of ‘mathematics’. Anyone planning to achieve in the fields of computer science, biology, and physics needs to have a strong foundation in mathematics.

So──

Mathematics became more important in education. Luo Feng was a bit weak in liberal arts, but had an immense advantage in mathematics.

June 7th: Science exams

June 8th: Liberal arts exams

In a blink of an eye, it’s already June 9th.

……

Inside the testing classroom, the mathematics exam has just been passed down.

“All that’s left is this mathematics exam” Luo Feng took in a deep breath, “The science exam wasn’t too hard, so I should’ve done pretty well on that. I also performed normally on my liberal arts exam. In other words, my grades for those two tests should be what I usually get. As long as I don’t mess up on this mathematics exam, I can get into Jiang-Nan’s number one military academy for sure.”

“I can do this!”

After encouraging himself, Luo Feng lowered his head and started the exam.

There was absolute silence throughout the classroom. Many of the student’s eyebrows started to wrinkle, which showed that the problems were quite difficult. Every year’s high school mathematics exam problems are never easy, as these are the problems that pick out the people to advance humanity’s technology.

“This is pretty hard” Even Luo Feng felt the difficulty, “Even harder than last year’s problems! However… the harder the better!”

If the problems were easy, those worse than Luo Feng at math would probably be able to get around 220 points. Luo Feng would only be able to get around 230 points, so his advantage isn’t really demonstrated.

However, if the problems are hard.

Luo Feng would probably be able to score around 210 points, while those worse than him would only be able to manage around 150 points. In this case, Luo Feng’s advantage is clearly shown.

[PA!] a breaking sound was heard.

The examiner immediately looked towards the sound’s direction, but it was a student who broke his ball point pen in his hand. This student wrinkled his eyebrow and clenched his teeth. As he stared at his exam, it was clear that it was much too difficult. After that, he threw his broken pen aside and took out another one, continuing his exam.

“From the student’s faces, I can tell that this year’s mathematics exam is really difficult” The examiner thought to himself.

Indeed, essentially every single person in the room had wrinkled eyebrows and were in deep, bitter thought. Many students were so nervous that tears started falling.

Students whose mathematics ability were already poor could only think….. Can’t do this problem, can’t do that problem, still can’t do this third problem….. The students were on the verge of collapse as they looked at this kind of exam.

One hour later, testing classroom.

The time duration for the mathematics exam is 2.5 hours.

At this time, Luo Feng has already finished the ‘multiple choice’ and ‘fill in the blank’ questions. All that’s left are the ‘calculation’ problems. In the mathematics exam, the multiple choice and fill in the blank problems only added up to 90 points. The calculation problems (five large problems) added up to 160 points. Only these types of problems were able to clearly demonstrate the student’s mathematics ability.

“This is really difficult, I couldn’t even solve two of the fill in the blank problems” Luo Feng took in a deep breath, “Below are the calculation problems. This is where the most points are. Solving just one more would give 30, 40 more points!”

Out of the five calculation problems, four of them are worth 30 points, while the last one is worth 40 points.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was already faced with a challenge as he looked at the first calculation problem.

Luo Feng kept thinking and calculating on his scrap paper.

“Yes, change this part by a bit, reverse that, and now wouldn’t I be able to change that to the way I want?” A light flashed in Luo Feng’s eyes. Write! Write! Write! If you just think about it, this problem is actually quite easy to solve. Luo Feng easily finished the entire problem in one breath and then double checked his work.

“Yep, first problem done” Luo Feng looked at his watch on his left wrist and his heart jumped, “The first problem took me 20 minutes? I need to pick up the pace”

Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at the second problem.

After looking at it for a bit, Luo Feng felt that it was easy and started calculating on his scrap paper.

“Hm, not right”

Luo Feng felt like he wasn’t thinking in the right direction and wrinkled his eyebrow. As time passed, Luo Feng kept working at this problem, “Yea, it should be this way. But how would I prove the next proof?” Luo Feng’s brain was working rapidly.

“Hurry, hurry, hurry, I can’t waste too much time on this problem. How on earth can I prove this?” Luo Feng nervously thought.

At this time──

On Luo feng’s watch, the ‘Pulse’ number started rising.

120……125……130……140……150……

“I’m almost there. Just this proof and I can earn 30 points. How do I even solve this part?” Luo Feng was getting increasingly nervous. You must manage your time wisely in tests, but each mathematics calculation problem was worth a lot of points. Every high school student that wants to score well can’t miss too many of these problems.

At this time, Luo Feng was too focused on his test to notice his pulse meter.

160……170……180……

Luo Feng felt his pulse increasing, but thought that it was due to anxiety and didn’t pay it much attention.

[THUMP THUMP THUMP] Luo Feng suddenly felt like someone was pounding on his heart. His vision started getting hazy and he finally realized, “What’s wrong with me? Why does my heart hurt so much” Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at his pulse meter displayed on his watch.──

230!

This number changed the entire color of Luo Feng’s face. Ever since he entered a coma at 12 and bought this watch, he has never seen his heart rate go over 180.

“I can’t take this” Luo Feng felt as if his heart was going to beat out of his chest. His blood was surging as his heart rate increased and an indescribable amount of energy flowed into the depths of Luo Feng’s brain. Pain flowed from his brain──

“Ah, ah” Luo Feng couldn’t hold his voice in anymore.

“This student, do you have a problem?” The examiner ran towards Luo Feng and looked at him surprisingly.

Luo Feng at this time looked like he was about to bleed. His forehead and arm’s veins were bursting and even beating along with his heart. His entire body looked hideous.

“No,No──NO, slow down, slow down!” Luo Feng had a bad feeling of what was to come and was screaming in his thoughts, staring at his watch.

“236……242……251……!”

[THUMP THUMP THUMP]

His heart, like a huge drum, let out waves of a low sound. His blood continuously surged.

In his hazy vision, Luo Feng saw the number ‘268’ and the pain in his head caused him to collapse. As he was losing consciousness, he heard──

“This student, this student, wake up, wake up! Quick, call an ambulance!”


Chapter 7: Exam Results

[DING DING DING…..] The bell rapidly rang inside the Zhi-An region’s first high school. The parents who were outside the school, on the grass, or sitting on the street all stood up. The parents looked inside the school through the gates.

The bustling students all left the exam area.

Year 2056, Jiang-Nan city’s high school exams are officially over.

All the students have to do now is to await their results, which will be released in one week.

“Hao Bai” A balding, middle-aged man who seemed refined was standing outside the gate, smiling towards his son.

“Dad” Zhang Hao Bai laughed as he went towards him.

“How’d you do?” The middle-aged man laughed.

Zhang Hao Bai shook his head and said helplessly, “I couldn’t demonstrate all of my skill, but the math problems were really hard. The multiple choice, fill in the blanks, and the calculation problems all had many difficult problems, especially the calculation ones….. There were five of them but I could only solve two. For the other three, I could only do my best at solving parts of them. According to the procedure, I should still be able to receive some points for that”

“Oh?” Zhang Hao Bai’s dad, Zhang Ze Long, frowned, “So it seems like your math grade is going to be a bit low”

“No problem dad. It was hard for everyone, not just me” Zhang Hao Bai laughed, “The math problems were all a bit harder, so I’m sure that the points required for passing will be lowered. I should be able to get into a military academy without a problem”

“Oh, yea”

Zhang Ze Long laughed, “Before, when we were waiting for your exam to finish, something happened. Your school’s famous ‘Luo Feng’ student fainted inside the exam hall an hour before the end.”

“Fainted in the exam hall?” Zhang Hao Bai’s widened his eyes, “Dad, you mean Luo Feng?”

“Yea, that Luo Feng guy was carried away by an ambulance, many people saw the event occur.” Zhang Ze Long nodded his head, “If you listen, many of the surrounding parents are telling their children of this event”

“Luo Feng fainted?”

Zhang Hao Bai looked around and listened closely. There were indeed many families talking about a student who fainted during testing. He also clearly heard many people mention the name ‘Luo Feng’.

“Haha, even this penniless bum has these kinds of days. Haha” Zhang Hao Bai couldn’t hold his laughter back.

“Dad, although you don’t know this, this person always causes trouble for me in school” Zhang Hao Bai furiously added, “He is more stronger than me and more skilled than me in everything. Even this guy has these kinds of days” Zhang Hao Bai was delighted, for his anger towards Luo Feng was immense.

In truth, Luo Feng never even bothers with this Zhang Hao Bai, it’s just that Zhang Hao Bai keeps treating Luo Feng as an opponent. Since Luo Feng’s grades and martial arts skills are all greater than his naturally made him suffer.

“Haha, this guy has never seen the real world and was under too much psychological pressure. He couldn’t handle it and collapsed. Ignore him. Go, your uncle knows your exams ended today and organized a banquet just for you. Let’s go” Zhang Ze Long laughed.

“Uncle?” Zhang Hao Bai’s eyes flashed.

The only reason the Zhang Family is able to prosper in the Zhi-an region is thanks to his uncle, because…..

His uncle, is a fighter!

“No way, there is absolutely no way!”

Wei Wen, who just left the exam hall, panicked in front of his parents, “How could Feng collapse in the exam hall? He collapsed from nervousness? Impossible. Luo Feng’s psychological qualities has even been praised by the Dojo of Limits instructors before”

Wei Wen and Luo Feng were true brothers, even if not by blood.

“Wen, there is no mistaking it. We saw this event unfold before our very eyes. That Luo Feng’s father and his handicapped brother panicked in the moment and went to the hospital” Wei Wen’s father followed.

“Hospital? It should be the nearest one. Dad, mom, I’m going to go check on Luo Feng. I’ll eat lunch later”

Without delay, Wei Wen handed his test materials to his parents and ran towards the hospital.

……

Inside Zhi-An region’s people’s hospital.

Luo Feng was forcing a smile as he walked outside the hospital’s main gate with his father and brother. At this time, Luo Hong Guo and Luo Hua were worried that Luo Feng wouldn’t be able to handle the shock.

“Dad, I’m fine. Lets go home and eat” Luo Feng seemed calm, but only regrets filled his heart. However, Luo Feng knew that the past cannot be changed, so all you can do is accept it!

“Feng, Feng” a sound came from far away.

Luo Feng turned towards the source and saw a small shadow far away running towards the hospital’s main gate. It was his good brother ‘Wei Wen’.

Luo Feng was moved by the sight of Wei Wen: he ran so hastily that his shirt was drenched with sweat. “Wen, how hard were the last three calculation problems on the mathematics portion?” Luo Feng wasn’t able to complete the last three problems, so if they were extremely difficult and many people couldn’t do them…

Then his grades would still have some hope.

“Pretty hard” Wei Wen nodded, “This year’s math problems were all very hard. Out of the five calculation problems, the third one was a bit easier, but the other four were all hard”

“Phew” Luo Feng let out a breath.

He still had a sliver of hope…..

At 8 PM on June 16th, you can check your exam grade through the phone or internet, and the dividing line* will also come out too.

June 16th, around 7 PM.

Luo Feng’s home. Only Luo Feng was in the room that belonged to both Luo Feng and Luo Hua. He was sitting in front of his laptop and refreshing the webpage again and again. The exam results come out at 8 PM, but usually they release it a bit earlier.

“I’m afraid, I can’t get into Jiang-Nan’s number one military academy”

“However, I finished the multiple choice, fill in the blank, and the first two problems on the calculation section on the mathematics portion. Even though I didn’t complete the second problem, I wrote quite a few steps, which should earn me some points” Luo Feng thought to himself, “If I’m lucky, I should be able to earn around 120 points on the mathematics portion”

Luo Feng anticipated, “I performed normally on the liberal arts and science sections. If I’m lucky, I should be able to become a bachelor”

“If I can just reach the dividing line, I can get into the number two military academy”

Between the two academies, the first one is clearly better. However, a very high score is required, so Luo Feng already gave up on that.

However, there is still a bit of hope left for the number two military academy.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed.

The exam result webpage actually displayed something new after a refresh.

“God, please help me a bit and let me pass the dividing line. As long as I pass it, I can get into the number two military academy” Luo Feng was worried and anxious. He then typed his name, ID, and examination certificate and hit the “search” button.

Search!

The laptop page flashed a bit and soon displayed a form.

Student: Luo Feng

Sex: Male

ID: 426123203806083211

Examination Certificate: 5878643567890766

Liberal Arts: 216

Science: 223

Mathematics: 118

Total: 557

Dividing Line: 561

*TL note: In case you forgot, the dividing line is the score that separates the bachelors and specialists. For Luo Feng to get into the second highest ranked military academy, he needed to get at least the ‘bachelor average’ (dividing line).


Chapter 8: Two Fighters

“557 points? The dividing line is 561 points?” Luo Feng took a deep breath.

Just four points! Just because of these four points, I lost my chance of going to a military academy.

I can’t believe twelve years of studying led to this.

“If I can’t go to a military academy, then so be it. There’s no big deal” Luo Feng focused his gaze and formed his right hand into the shape of a blade. He then made a horizontal cut into the space in front of him. Because of the hand’s speed, the air violently trembled and shook. “Thanks to this time’s coma, my strength has greatly increased!”

“Maybe my current body fitness has reached the level required to be a fighter. I might be able to pass the Prospective Fighter exam”

“It wouldn’t be a problem even if I’m off by a bit. If I just seriously and bitterly train for one or two months, I should be able to pass the Prospective Fighter exam”

Luo Feng’s adaptability ability is very high. His exam scores didn’t make it to the dividing line, which shocked him. However, the ‘coma’ increased his strength, which made him confident again.

After all, a military academy graduate’s position is far from a fighter’s.

[KA] Luo Feng opened the door and entered the living room.

In the living room, Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan, and Luo Hua all turned their heads. All three of them were concerned. Gong Xin Lan even stood up and walked towards Luo Feng: “Feng, we can’t blame you for your score. We can only blame your disease. Sigh, how could this disease start acting up now, it hasn’t acted up for so many years”

“Brother, you aren’t in shock are you?” Luo Hua sat on his wheel chair, making fun on purpose.

When Luo Feng was inside his room checking his grades, the rest of the family used Luo Hua’s laptop to check Luo Feng’s results and learned of the four point difference. Although they were a bit disappointed, they were more worried about Luo Feng himself.

Luo Feng laughed: “Of course I’m not in shock. Dad, mom, don’t blame this disease. In fact, we should even be thankful?”

“Thankful?”

“Thankful?”

“Thankful?”

Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan, and Luo Hua were all shocked. High school exams are one of the most important events of one’s life. Now that Luo Feng’s exams were ruined by the disease, how could anyone be grateful towards it?

“Dad, Mom, Hua” Luo Feng smiled a little, “When I was small, I had two comas and fainted. In fact, after I woke up from those comas, I felt like my strength increased by a large amount and am able to run faster. This time…… is also the same! I feel like my fitness level is way greater than it was previously, and I estimate that I can pass the Prospective Fighter exam”

“What?” Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan, and Luo Hua exchanged glances.

“Brother, are you serious?” Luo Hua couldn’t hold back.

“Of course I am” Luo Feng smiled a bit, “After I pass the Prospective Fighter exam, I’ll be able to apply for the Fighter Combat exam. I am quite confident in my combat abilities. I might even be able to achieve the rank of fighter this year!”

Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan, and Luo Hua were overawed by this piece of news.

A fighter!

What does that represent? It represents the most powerful group of humanity, it represents special privileges and rights! It represents a ton of money! It represents those at the top of the social hierarchy! And after you become a fighter, it’ll bring along many benefits to your family; it is much better than becoming an elite student at a military academy.

“A fighter is going to come from our family?” Luo Hua couldn’t help yelling, “Haha, Brother, you’re awesome!”

“Feng, great!” Luo Hong Guo also excitedly patted Luo Feng’s shoulder, “Becoming a fighter is great. Compared to a fighter, what’s so good about a military academy graduate?”

As of now, all the fighters on earth are praise and exalted in society.

Seeing how his parents and brother were so happy, Luo Feng laughed, “Dad, Mom, we can’t be too happy before I actually pass the exam”

“An 18 year old fighter?” Luo Hua couldn’t help but excitedly shout, “If my brother really becomes an 18 year old fighter, then, then that would be too, too……. AWESOME!!!”

The day after that, 5 AM, the sky was bright.

Luo Feng has just left home and was headed towards the Dojo of Limits.

“There’s barely anyone here at this time” Luo Feng entered the dojo and found that the entire dojo’s lawn and road had about just 100 people. There are about 30 to 40 thousand members total. “The dojo instructor only teaches at night, so night time is when there are the most people”

Luo Feng headed towards the elite member’s building on the road.

[RUMBLE~~~] A low sound wave carried over.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng unknowingly turned his head and saw an elegant, white race car. As it slowly entered the dojo, Luo Feng looked carefully and couldn’t help but to take in a breath: “Aston Martin’s race car? And it’s even the newest and most expensive one with the ability to fly: thr-191?”

His brother really loved race cars. At home, he heard Luo Hua praise this thr-191.

“It’s an Aston Martin”

“It’s even a 191, this one can fly” Within the dojo, the few students scattered around were all lured towards this area, “This one car costs 36 million”

Right at this time, the race car stopped in front of the elite member’s building’s gate. The door opened and a short, red haired (clearly dyed) man wearing a loose dojo practice uniform walked out. His eyes randomly scanned the surroundings. He looked right past the regular dojo students but paused slightly on Luo Feng. However, without saying anything, he entered the building.

“It’s a fighter” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed.

Luo Feng could feel the pressure from the fighter’s gaze. This is a gaze that has a will of steel and has experienced many fights to the death.

The spacious dojo training hall was empty; not a single person was there.

It was only around 5 AM. Even at night, there usually wouldn’t be more than 20 people.

“I want to see how much my strength has increased” Luo Feng walked over and plugged in the fist strength tester machine. After turning it on, he turned on the speed tester machine that was far away.

Standing in front of the fist strength tester machine.

“Begin!”

Luo Feng took in a deep breath. He used his waist as the center which released his power. It shot through his body like a huge python and created an explosive force through his arm. His fist was like a lightning bolt and suddenly a [PENG] sound was created on the machine.

[DI, DI, DI] The fist strength tester machine let out three sounds consecutively.

Luo Feng’s eyes flashed. Usually, the machine doesn’t make this kind of sound. The only time it makes this sound is under one situation– the fist strength has surpassed 1000kg

“Hm?” Luo feng stared at the machine’s display–‘1089kg’

“So high?”

Luo Feng was ecstatic. The fist strength required for a fighter was 900 kg. His previous fist strength was 809 kg. And now it shot up to 1089 kg, gaining 280 kg all of a sudden. Far more than enough to pass.

“Haha”

Luo Feng excitedly punched like lightning, shaking his entire body left and right. The

[PENG PENG] sounds kept going. As if blinking an eye, Luo Feng already punched around 20 something times. And the machine’s display showed a bunch of numbers scrolling across.–‘956kg989kg923kg965kg……’

“Now I’ll test my speed” Luo Feng headed towards the track, “As long as my speed passes, along with my naturally gifted reaction speed which was already qualified for a fighter, then I can definitely pass the prospective fighter exam!”

Luo Feng adjusted his breathing.

[WHOOSH]

His body was like a cannonball, flying through the track.

……

Fourth floor of the elite member’s building. A red haired man was talking and walking side by side with a bald, middle-aged man wearing a black shirt.

“Yan Luo, how long has it been since our last meeting” The middle-aged man smiled slightly, “Probably almost three years. That immature kiddo from back then became this famous. I heard this time you earned nearly a hundred million. Hoho. When I look at you, I feel like I’m old”

“That was all luck” The red haired man laughed, “Brother Jiang, back then…..”

[DI, DI, DI]

A weak sound came from a lower floor, which shocked and surprised the two men.

“The fist strength tester machine downstairs is for beginners. Once 1000 kg is reached, it makes this sound” The bald middle-aged man said surprisingly, “There’s even someone practicing here at 5 AM. Since it’s over 1000 kg, could it be that Yang Wu?”

“Wouldn’t we know if we went down to look?”

[HU! HU!]

One black shirt and one white shirt. These two people were like phantoms that flew down the stair cases. In a blink of an eye, they went from the fourth floor to the third floor’s training hall’s entrance.

The black shirt wearing, bald middle-aged man and the white shirt wearing, red haired man looked inside the training hall. At this time, Luo Feng was standing in front of the track and soon flew past.

“28.1 m/s” The bald middle-aged man and the red haired man both saw the number displayed on the speed tester machine.

“This Luo Feng, strength over 1000 kg and an incredible speed of 28.1 m/s” The bald middle-aged man was shocked.

“Brother Jiang, this guy seems quite young. He seems to already have reached the fitness level required for a fighter” The red haired man said, astonished. The bald middle-aged man nodded: “Yea, his name is Luo Feng. He is one of the more gifted students in our dojo. He just had his 18th birthday this year!”

“18? So young?” The red haired man’s eyes flashed.

At this time, Luo Feng was shocked at who he saw at the entrance. The red haired man is the fighter who came in his race car, while the bald middle-aged man is this Dojo of Limits’ master, ‘Jiang Nian’, who has the most power and authority. According to the dojo’s rules, every student calls him “instructor”.

“Instructor!” Luo Feng yelled in greeting.

“Come here” Instructor Jiang Nian laughed, “I can’t believe you’re so fast. You’ve already reached what is required for a fighter. Let me introduce you, this is your senior, Yan Luo. Yan Luo, there’s no problem with telling him your name right?”

“Nope” Yan Luo looked at Luo Feng and nodded, “This young man has already reached the fitness requirement for a fighter at such a young age. Maybe, in the future, we’ll have some sort of interaction”

Jiang Nian looked towards Luo Feng and laughed: “Luo Feng, since you’re 18, you must’ve taken your high school exams right. Ignore the results of that, what’s the point of going to school? Just focus on taking the ‘Prospective Fighter’ exam. Oh yea, on July 1st, go to Tang Yang Zhou city’s Dojo of limits to take your prospective fighter exam. With your current strength, you’ll pass easily”

“High school exams?” Yan Luo laughed, “Don’t waste your time in college. You have nice talent. No matter what you do, you must put your all into it. Right now, you must put all of your concentration in martial arts. Kiddo, when you become a fighter, join our dojo of limits. You’ll have a future by doing so.”

These two fighters all held extremely high positions. The rich and the politicians of society were nothing to them.

They were looking forward to young Luo Feng joining their ranks.


Chapter 9: The Rights of a Fighter

*Different types of currencies are starting to be mentioned so I’ll write them out from now on. The ones that have been mentioned so far are, ‘Earth dollars’ and ‘Chinese dollars’.

*A ping is 3.3 sq meters

“Yan Luo is right!” Jiang Nian looked at Luo Feng and said earnestly, “Luo Feng, you improve at a very fast speed. In our Zhi-An region’s Dojo of Limits, you are probably the quickest learner as of now. You entered my Dojo of Limits at the age of 16. Now you’re 18 and you have already reached the boundary of a fighter. If you go to college and waste your energy there, waste four of your years there, then that would truly be a crime!”

“You must know that you improve the quickest from age 16 to age 30. The older you get, the harder it gets” Jiang Nian said seriously.

The four years of college are indeed the easiest period for a fighter to train himself.

Wasting these four years to study, from a fighter’s point of view, is indeed a big sin.

“Uh…..” Luo Feng was a bit stunned.

God, it looks like my exam failure wasn’t so bad after all.

“Luo Feng, when you officially become a fighter, how about you join my Dojo of Limits?” Jiang Nian smiled, “as long as you become a fighter for my dojo, I’ll arrange a special private villa just for you. Of course, you can’t sell it. You’ll also have a salary of at least twenty thousand Chinese dollars per month”

“A private villa just for me? A starting salary of twenty thousand Chinese dollars?” Luo Feng took a breath.

Twenty thousand wasn’t much, but a private villa was way too extravagant.

As of now, China has only six human headquarters in total. In other words, six major cities. Land is extremely valuable and precious, so a villa would have an extremely high tax imposed on it. One ping in a regular home would cost tens to hundreds of thousands. This led to many people living in cheap rental homes.

Regular homes are already so expensive. A ping in a villa or mansion would costs a couple hundred thousand Chinese dollars.

And private villas, as of now, are all restricted by countries. You can’t just live in them with money alone. You must have money, power, and a special position to be able to live in one. Considering the gigantic tax, one ping in private villa would cost millions.

“A small private villa would be around 300 ping, which is easily 200 to 300 million” Luo Feng held his breath, “Even though I’m not allowed to sell it, but for a family to live in that private villa would make being born on this world worth it”

Two or three billion, so what?

Zhang Hao Bai’s father, a tycoon, probably would never be able to live in a private villa like this.

“Luo Feng, my dojo’s privilege’s aren’t too different from the country’s special forces” Jiang Nian laughed, “The special forces’ fighters have a decent salary and special homes. The only thing they have that we don’t is a ‘Killing License’, which allows them to kill any regular person if the situation calls for it. Of course, they aren’t allowed to just randomly kill people, for they still have report the situation to the higher ups”

“‘Killing License’?” Luo Feng heard of it before, that the special forces’ fighters have the right to kill someone.

“However, our dojo also has special rights. If any regular person messes with you, you can report it to the dojo. After the dojo’s investigators confirm the situation, they’ll go through the Jiang-Nan security department and immediately bring that person away” Jiang Nian laughed, “If you join our dojo, you’ll have money, position, everything! You can chase towards the limits of humanity all you want! The dojo of limits!”

Jiang Nian pointed to Yan Luo beside him: “This is my disciple Yan Luo, who just recently killed a monster and earned nearly a hundred million earth dollars for it. If you convert it, then that’ll be around three hundred million Chinese dollars. If you work hard, with your talent, I’m sure reaching his level is not impossible”

Luo Feng was dumbfounded.

My gosh…..

Just by killing one monster would net you so much money? Just what level of a monster did he kill?

“Luo Feng, keep working hard. You’re truly talented, so don’t disappoint” Jiang Nian smiled and patted Luo Feng’s shoulder.

“Kiddo, no matter what, don’t relax, for I believe that you have a chance to become a Warrior-level fighter. At that time, money, position, beauties. You’ll have everything!” Yan Luo laughed a bit, “At that time, I’ll be glad to go hunt some monsters with you. Haha…..” After saying that, the two fighters Jiang Nian and Yan Luo laughed as they left.

Luo Feng was standing in the training hall, his thoughts in a mess.

No matter if it was instructor ‘Jiang Nian’ or the mysterious red haired youth ‘Yan Luo’, Luo Feng could feel some sort of recklessness in their laughs and talks. Some sort of wildness!

“Recklessness, wildness?” a smile started to emerge on Luo Feng’s face, “Yea, men should be reckless on this world and create their own path! The strongest fighter on earth said before, a soldier who doesn’t want to become a general is not a good soldier. A fighter who doesn’t want to become the best fighter, doesn’t have the heart of a fighter”

“What’s the point of living your life with your hands and feet tied?”

“You should create a sky shaking, earth shattering way for yourself!”

18 years old is when the value of your life starts to stabilize. After meeting instructor ‘Jiang Nian’ and the mysterious fighter ‘Yan Luo’, Luo Feng’s thoughts completely changed.

“I’ll do it!”

“The strongest fighter, ‘Hong’, the second strongest ‘Thunder Lord’, created the Dojo of Limits and the Thunder Dojo, respectively. Even the five great countries have to treat them as equals. If they can do it…… then couldn’t a third person do it too?” Luo Feng smiled as he walked out the training hall.

Boys have dreams, so go chase them!

Youth is your capital!

Youth represents the infinite possibilities that the future holds! Everything depends on your own hard work, FIGHT!

June 28th, noon, bright sky.

Luo Feng and Wei Wen were walking towards the third high school. Today is graduation day where they receive their graduation diplomas and acceptance application forms.

“Feng, are you sure you can pass the ‘Prospective Fighter’ exam?” Wei Wen couldn’t help but to exclaim.

“Yep, on July 1st, I’ll go to Yang Zhou city’s dojo of limits headquarters–Limit Hallto take my exam” Luo Feng smiled

In front of them was school.

Luo Feng looked at the school yard ahead of him and saw a bunch of students. As he looked, he felt like his attitude has changed: “Hm? I used to think of myself as one of them. But now, I feel like we’re in two different worlds. They will go to college, work hard in their job, and have a family”

“But my path is different from theirs” Luo Feng and Wei Wen entered the school and split up to their respective classes.

Walking in the school hallway.

“Brother”

“Luo Feng brother” A few other senior students warmly greeted Luo Feng.

“I heard that when Luo Feng was taking his high school exam, he fainted in the exam room”

“That’s too bad, fainting in the exam room” A bunch of people looking at Luo Feng from afar were discussing in a quiet voice.

Luo Feng’s fitness level has already reached the level of a fighter. His excellent hearing allowed him to hear every word of the students’ discussions.

Senior (5) class is Luo Feng’s class.

“Luo Feng’s here”

“Brother Luo” There were quite a few students already there and they all warmly gave their greetings.

Luo Feng laughed and nodded.

Most of these old students have a decent relationship with Luo Feng, but some of them dislike Luo Feng. They act warm, but there are still some old students in a corner quietly discussing: “Luo Feng’s grades were so good, and he’s an elite member. Who could’ve thought that such a thing would happen; fainting in the exam hall. Such bad luck”

“This is life, who can you blame?”

In the past, Luo Feng was the class’s most favored person.

Good grades and skilled in martial arts. Now that such a thing has happened to this genius, many of the ordinary students will have a moment of happiness! Even though they are in a decent relationship with Luo Feng, humans feel happy when they see someone who was so brilliant in the past fall down. Thinking–Even you have these kinds of days

“Handing out diplomas, handing out diplomas. And acceptance application forms. Everyone come get them” The three class officers held the diplomas and application forms and walked towards the podium.

“Wang Yin”

“Liu Xia Long”

The officers yelled everyone’s names one by one and handed out the diplomas and application forms.

“Luo Feng!” Following this sound, the entire classroom became silent. Virtually everyone’s gazes landed upon Luo Feng.

Everyone knew that Luo Feng fainted in his exams.

All you need to know to find Luo Feng’s grades is his ID and examination certificate, which aren’t a secret. Students have checked his grades long ago and knew that he missed the dividing line by four points.

“Luo Feng” Class Officer Qu Lin handed the diploma and acceptance form to him.

“Feng, Feng, let’s go” Wei Wen was standing in front of the class entrance.

“Wait for me” Luo Feng easily rolled up the acceptance form and threw it into the trash.

The originally loud class immediately quieted down!

Every student in the class froze. This is the acceptance form you fill in after exams! Who would dare throw that away?

At this time, a ‘Ma Que Ban’ girl yelled out of shock: “Luo Feng, how could you throw that away? You aren’t going to fill in your acceptance form?”

“How could Luo Feng become a specialist. I guess he’s going to redo a year and take the exam again next year” Discussions and debates immediately fired up.

Wei Wen, who was standing at the entrance, glared: “Become a specialist? Redo? You guys can figure this out, Feng is going to take the ‘Prospective Fighter’ exam, why take some bullshit specialist class or even redo?”

“Don’t say so much, let’s go”

Luo Feng pulled Wei Wen and left with him.

The students all said at once, What? Prospective Fighter exam?

“Luo Feng’s going to take the Prospective Fighter exam? For real? He isn’t that good is he”

“I guess that Wei Wen was just bluffing. Luo Feng just became an elite member last year, how could he take the Prospective Fighter exam this year?

Subconsciously, none of the students were willing to believe that Luo Feng has achieved the fitness level of a fighter.

A fighter…….

That is a supernatural existence.


Chapter 10: The Prospective Fighter exam

“Dad, Mom, I’m going to the city’s ‘Dojo of Limits’, so I might not come back to eat lunch today” Luo Feng stood up after drinking a large bowl of gruel and eating three pieces of bread, “Just wait today for my good news today. After I pass the exam, I’ll call right away”

Gong Xin Lan laughed and then glanced at Luo Hong Guo: “Hong Guo, did you hear that? You better have your cell phone on you at all times, or Luo Feng might not even be able to contact you”

“I’ll be sure to bring my cell phone” Luo Hong Guo laughed.

“Ok, I’m leaving now”

Luo Feng winked at Luo Hua, who laughed and gave a thumbs up in return.

Early in the morning, Luo Feng left the small Southern shore region and road the #11 subway line to ‘Zhong-An road station’ and then transferred to Yang Zhou city’s center region. After leaving the subway station, he walked for ten minutes before arriving at Yang Zhou’s Dojo of Limits headquarters–Limit Hall

Luo Feng left home at around 6 AM. By the time he arrived, it was already almost 8 AM.

“This is the legendary Ming-Yue sector?” Luo Feng stood in front of the huge door in the quiet sector. This sector’s name is ‘Ming-Yue sector’ and is where the Limit Hall is located.

“This man, this is the Ming-Yue sector, don’t come close”

Just at the small sector’s entrance, there was a row of six soldiers wearing their uniforms and holding real guns and ammo. You can tell from one look at their uniforms….. that they aren’t part of the police, but part of the army. One of the soldiers shouted: “Sir, please stand back. Once you enter the yellow lined area, we have the right to shoot and kill you on the spot!”

“Just like the legends” Luo Feng thought to himself in his heart.

Ming-Yue sector in Yang Zhou is where the Dojo of Limits’ headquarters is located!

Not only is the Limit Hall here, but also many fighters’ homes.

“According to the rumors, the people that live here are the fighters and their families! Even the police don’t have the right to come in as they please” Luo Feng marveled in his heart.

“Everyone” Luo Feng stood at the small sector’s entrance and spoke, “I am the Dojo of Limits’ elite member ‘Luo Feng’. I came here today to take the Prospective Fighter exam”. The Limit Hall holds the Prospective Fighter exam on the first day of every month.

“Oh?”

From the guardsman’s lounge an old, bald man walked out with a computer in his hand, “Young man, you came quite early, it isn’t even 8 AM yet. Taking the Prospective Fighter exam at such a young age, your future is limitless. Ok, let me check your ID and elite member ID”

Luo Feng handed them over.

[BEEP!]

A message came up on the computer’s display after scanning the identifications.

“18 years old?” This old, bald man looked at Luo Feng in shock and then laughed, “Brave enough to take the Prospective Fighter exam at 18 years old. Not bad, I hope you pass it today”

“Thank you sir” Luo Feng replied.

“Let him in” The old, bald man waved his hand.

The small sector’s electronic door opened automatically. At this time, a soldier holding an assault rifle stepped forward and followed Luo Feng: “Sir, I will bring you to the Dojo of Limits. After you enter the sector, please do not run around! You only have the right to enter the Limit Hall and not the fighters’ homes. If you break this rule, even if I don’t make a move, the people patrolling the area will” This soldier even sneered at Luo Feng while telling him this.

“Of course” Luo Feng slightly smiled and nodded, but was surprised inside.

There indeed was a cooperative relationship between the country and the Dojo of Limits. At least the core of the Dojo of Limits will be heavily protected and guarded.

“Wow, every building is a private villa” Luo Feng looked around. Except for the center of the sector, which was the large, tall Limit Hall tower, everywhere else was a private villa. Between the villas were fake mountains, pools, and lawns.

Ming-Yue sector, inside the Limit Hall. Right when Luo Feng stepped inside the lobby of the Limit Hall, the soldier went back.

“Sir, are you here to take the Prospective Fighter exam?” Inside the hall, a beautiful young woman smiled, “Sir, please sit over there. When it’s 10 AM, take the exam with the others.”

Luo Feng nodded and towards the side of the lobby. There was a small bar there with a waiter and a bartender.

“Hm?” Luo Feng scanned the spots and saw that there were already three people sitting at the bar.

Two of them were having a discussion while the other one was sitting silently on a sofa.

“Look at all of those villas. That is the benefit you get from joining the Dojo of Limits as a fighter” A young man wearing white shirt and pants said, “As long as you become a fighter and join the Dojo of Limits, you’ll get a free villa and you’ll be able to live here….. Heh, look at this environment, it’s so comfortable”

“Of course the fighter sector is different from all the other sectors outside. Look, a new person is coming” The three people saw Luo Feng. Luo Feng slightly nodded and sat on the sofa at the side.

Nobody knew each other, so there wasn’t any exchange of talk.

As time passed, three more people came, which Luo Feng recognized none of. However, from their looks…. the three of them were a bit older, probably all over 30 years old. One of them was even over 40 years old.

“Ha, Luo Feng!” a loud sound came up.

Luo Feng, startled, turned his head and looked, and saw a lean man with a face full of hideous scars walking towards him: “You’re coming to take the prospective fighter exam too?”

“Brother Yang?” Luo Feng stood up and greeted him.

“It’s a bit embarrassing. I came to try last month but sadly –my speed was only 24.9 m/s. It was off by just that one bit!” Yang Wu said helplessly. In fact, Yang Wu passed a long time ago in fist strength and reaction speed. It’s just that speed is his weak point.

However, starting from this year, Yang Wu’s speed started improving. 24.9 meters and 25 meters isn’t really a big difference. If everything goes well, he might get a grade of 25 m/s.

“I’m sure you can pass this time Brother Yang” Luo Feng laughed

“This guy named Yang tried so many times already and never passed. I bet this time you’ll fail too” a loud sound came from the side.

Luo Feng looked over and the one talking was a buff man with a full beard. Yang Wu immediately glared: “The guy named Tong, you dare talk about me. Didn’t you take the test and fail twice already? With your reaction speed, I guess you’ll need at least another two or three more years of training”

“Silence” a cold sound came from the center of the lobby.

The eight people currently there all turned their heads and saw a middle-aged man wearing a dojo uniform, “Let’s go, everyone follow me upstairs and take the exam. Remember, behave yourself once you’re upstairs. Our old friends from Yang Zhou city’s headquarters came over today, so don’t cause trouble”

“Yes” No matter if it was the arrogant full beard, Yang Wu, or Luo Feng; everyone listened and followed.

“Headquarters old friend?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but start guessing in his heart.

Know this: Yang Zhou city has 12 Dojo of Limits and the Limit Hall. Each sector’s Dojo of Limits’ masters are called ‘Instructors’. The master of the Limit Hall is called the ‘Chief Instructor’.

After entering the elevator, the loose uniform wearing middle-aged man pressed ‘6’.

[DI!] The elevator arrived at the sixth floor.

[HUA!]

The elevator door opened and what came into sight was a gigantic training hall with around a dozen people inside. Luo Feng recognized one of them to be instructor ‘Jiang Nian’.

“They’re here, stop chatting” A middle-aged man with loose, long hair spoke and all of them looked at Luo Feng’s group. When facing their glares, Luo Feng’s group tensed up. They knew….. that those who appear inside the Limit Hall, other than the service personnel, are fighters.

In other words, all of these people are fighters! Since this is the headquarters of the Dojo of Limits in Yang Zhou city.

“Get ready for examination” The middle-aged man with loose, long hair commanded.

Luo Feng has seen this man before on the internet. He is the master of the Limit Hall, Yang Zhou city’s chief instructor ‘Wu Tong’.

“Come one by one and give me your ID” The fighter who led Luo Feng’s group up here took their IDs and handed them over to chief instructor ‘Wu Tong’ and laughed, “Boss, there’s quite a few people today. There’s eight of them!”

“Yup” Wu Tong randomly picked out an ID and scanned it on the machine next to him.

[BEEP!]

A crystal-like display that was almost transparent shot out from the machine and displayed a large amount of personal information.

“First one, Tong Guan” The chief instructor was indifferent, “Begin your fist strength test. Even those of you who came out of the army come to my Limit Hall to test, interesting”

Luo Feng, who was listening on the side, couldn’t help but smile. The Dojo of Limits was created by the strongest fighter on earth. The dojos are scattered all around the world and their examinations have high credibility. Your examination results will receive recognition in every area in every country on earth.

Even the army or traditional martial artists like to come to the Dojo of Limits to take the exam.

“Test your fist strength” The chief instructor commanded.

“Yes”

The full bearded man immediately took a step forward. With his left hand in front of his face and eyes wide opened, his right fist flew through an arc and hit against the large machine, which only shaked a little bit. The machine’s display immediately displayed the number–‘986kg’

“Pass, next, Luo Feng” The chief instructor randomly chose the second ID and scanned it on the machine. He read through the descriptive personal information and couldn’t help but to be shocked, “Eh? 18 years old? Old Jiang, this is your Zhi-An section’s right? Since when did such a talented young man appear?”

“Haha” Instructor ‘Jiang Nian’ on the side couldn’t help but to laugh.

“We still don’t know if he is truly skilled” In the group of fighters at the side, a fat veteran scoffed, “He might not know what he’s dealing with and has no strength”

Instructor Jiang Nian glared: “What, jealous? Your northern section doesn’t have any sort of genius like this. Luo Feng, show them my Zhi-An section’s members’ strength”

“Yes, instructor” Luo Feng stepped up and headed towards the fist strength tester machine.


Chapter 11: Reaction Speed

“Old Jiang seems pretty confident” Chief instructor ‘Wu Tong’ said while laughing, but his gaze landed upon Luo Feng. Everyone at the scene was watching Luo Feng and awaiting his test results.

Luo Feng stood in front of the machine and released an explosive power from his waist. His body turned slightly and increased the power from his waist even more. In an instant, all the power transferred to his arm. Luo Feng’s fist was like an arrow fired from a bow under the full moon, leaving behind a blur. With a “PENG” sound, his fist smacked against the machine.

After he threw his punch, Luo Feng was delighted: “It felt so good throwing that punch, all the power went with it”. He looked at the display and saw

–“1101kg”

“Good”

“Not bad” Many fighters at the scene immediately complimented him.

Chief Instructor ‘Wu Tong’ rubbed his chin and nodded: “Not bad young man. Make sure to never lose your center ‘shi’ when throwing your punch. If someone ignores everything and only wants higher results for fist strength, he will lose his center ‘shi’. The punch might be stronger. However, against monsters, losing your center ‘shi’ is suicide! Not bad, not bad”

“Haha, this kid Luo Feng has great combat abilities” Instructor ‘Jiang Nian’ laughed, “He easily beat three elite members who had around his level of strength and speed!”

Luo Feng was delighted after hearing the instructor and chief instructor’s compliments.

He had a coma twice when he was younger, which led to increased strength and speed. Ever since then, he made a plan to become the best fighter! A really good fighter needs great combat abilities. In his teenage days, even though he hasn’t joined the Dojo of Limits then, he looked up some basics of martial arts and trained alone at home to pile up the experience.

This is why his combat abilities are so great.

“A nice bean sprout. Yup, pass!” Chief instructor Wu Tong randomly picked another ID and scanned it, “Next, Bai Yang”.

Luo Feng walked back to the place where examinees were supposed to stay.

“Not bad, crazy” Yang Wu laughed.

Luo Feng grinned.

……

All eight of them quickly finished the ‘strength test’ and only one failed and was disqualified as a result. His fist strength was only 892 kg, which was close. So for the next test, the speed test, there were only seven people left.

[KA!] Chief instructor Wu Tong walked towards the speed tester and turned on the switch.

“One by one, in reverse order. First, Yang Wu” Chief instructor Wu Tong commanded. Yang Wu was the last one to test his strength so he will be the first to test his speed.

Yang Wu took a deep breath.

He took the Prospective Fighter exam nearly 10 times and failed on the speed test every time.

“Brother Yang, you can do it” Luo Feng patted Yang Wu’s shoulder.

“Watch me” Yang Wu adjusted his breathing and ran on the track.

Instructor Jiang Nian frowned watching this. Yang Wu was also from the Zhi-An section, but he has failed the ‘speed test’ so many times already.

[DASH!]

Yang Wu stepped on the surface of the floor and made a low sound. With the strength of his arms and his explosive start, he quickly accelerated to his maximum speed. His veins were popping on his scarred face and he sprinted while clenching his teeth. He even let out a low howl after finishing the test.

“I must pass this!” Yang Wu stopped and howled in his heart.

He turned his head and saw Luo Feng give him a thumbs up. After seeing it. Yang Wu felt like he went to heaven.

“Haha, Yang Wu, nice luck. You actually passed” Instructor ‘Jiang Nian’ also let out a refreshed laugh.

Yang Wu ran over and looked at the display–‘25.1m/s’

“Phew, so close” Even Yang Wu laughed. If his body condition was slightly worse, he might’ve not achieved 25 m/s. If so, then he would’ve failed once again.

“Yup, pass!” Chief instructor Wu Tong also smiled, “Next”

Everyone did the tests one by one. Since Luo Feng was the second person to take the strength test, he was the second last to take the speed test.

It was Luo Feng’s turn soon enough.

“Luo Feng” Chief instructor Wu Tong hollered.

“Do your best, crazy. We better take the Fighter Combat exam together” Yang Wu encouraged and Luo Feng smiled and nodded. He walked onto the track and adjusted his breathing pattern. He lightly jumped twice in place. Luo Feng was unlike Yang Wu, who was a brute-force type; he gave off a relaxing feeling.

[WHOOSH!]

Right when he exerted his strength, Luo Feng was like a panther whose speed had no match. He brought a strong current of wind with him as he passed through the speed testing region. You could tell with just your eyes that Luo Feng’s speed was significantly higher than those before him.

“I felt like that was okay” Luo Feng turned his head and saw Yang Wu giving him a thumbs up. Even chief instructor Wu Tong and instructor Jiang Nian couldn’t help but to nod their heads in praise.

Luo Feng walked over and looked at the display–

“28.6m/s”

“Nice speed, it’s actually so much higher than the passing mark” Chief Instructor Wu Tong laughed and nodded, “Last, Tong Guan”.

After the strength test, one person was eliminated. During the speed test, two people were eliminated. Now there were only five people left. The third test is the ‘Reaction Speed exam’.

“Follow me” Chief Instructor Wu Tong brought the group of fighters and the five people remaining from the previous exams. They arrived at the ‘reaction speed testing room’ connected to the training hall.

The room was around a hundred ping.

Of course, compared to the gigantic training halls that were a couple thousand ping large, these reaction speed rooms were clearly much smaller. There was only a large, seemingly valuable machine placed on the floor. In front of the machine was something that looked like a six barreled gatling gun. However, there were easily a couple dozen holes in the machine, so it had way more firing sites than a gatling gun.

“First, Tong Guan” Chief instructor Wu Tong instructed.

The full bearded man immediately stepped in front of the gun. He was on a circle that had a diameter of 3.6 meters.

[CLATTER!] The switch was turned on

A red light started to emit above the border of the circle. It was like that the fighter inside was surrounded by a red curtain.

“Remember, no matter what, do not leave the circle. Once you leave it, it counts as a failure. If your body comes in contact with the red light, you lose points” After chief instructor Wu Tong finished saying that, he walked to the reaction speed tester and pressed a bunch of buttons and adjusted the power. There were many different power levels.

The lowest one is meant for intermediate members.

And the highest one…. is meant for top fighters.

“Begin!” The chief instructor pressed a red button.

[BEEP~~~BEEP~~~]The machine’s gigantic cannon started revolving and all of the dozen barrels started emitting a red light. There were quick ones and slow ones and even the trajectory wasn’t stable. It was very chaotic and messy. It then started to rapidly shoot within the circle.

The bearded man stared in front of him and was continuously dodging right and left and between the red colored bullets.

[PU! PU!] Two consecutive hits

However, these ‘bullets’ are like rubber and have no power and speed, so they don’t hurt.

Time passed by slowly.

The bearded man was trying his best to dodge and the timer was reaching a minute.

[TOOT~~~] After chief instructor Wu Tong pressed the button, the barrels quickly came to a halt. The middle display screen showed a large amount of information.

“Within 60 seconds, 57 hits, and three contacts with the red light. Disqualified!” Chief instructor Wu Tong said as he threw the bearded man’s ID back to him.

“Just barely missed the mark” The bearded man clenched his teeth and walked out of the circle as he shaked his head.

“Next, Luo Feng” Chief instructor Wu Tong commanded.

After bumping fists with Yang Wu, Luo Feng walked into the circle.

As Luo Feng stood in the circle and faced the machine’s cannon, he took a deep breath. Before he entered the dojo, he constantly practiced at home. Luo Feng shines the most in these kinds of dodging exams: “Before high school exams, I get hit around 50-55 times in 60 seconds. Now that my body fitness level has increased, with my increased reaction time, passing this exam is no problem at all”

“Remember, do not leave the circle no matter what. If you leave the circle, you instantly fail. If you come in contact with the circle’s red light, you lose points” After chief instructor Wu Tong said that, he pressed the red button.

[BEEP~~~BEEP~~~]

The barrel of the reaction speed tester started revolving rapidly. The cannon’s dozens of barrels all started to emit a red light and soon shot out the rubber bullets rapidly.

“Hm?” Luo Feng stared ahead and rapidly calculated the positions in his head. As if he was a dextrous cat, he continuously dodged left and right and dodged the bullets one by one. Of course, some of the bullets were too fast to dodge, so he could only get hit.

When Luo Feng was dodging, many of the fighters started to talk.

“This kid isn’t bad, his reaction speed is superb”

“Indeed, he is fast and has a good foundation and form. Look, his feet are like a cat’s pads, he never loses his balance after each turn, which allows him to rapidly change direction. This form….. if he isn’t a genius or hasn’t worked bitterly for ten years, then there’s no way he would be able to have this kind of a solid foundation”

All of the fighters at the scene were amazed.

A fighter’s fitness level could be trained. But form and skill all rely on experience. A higher body fitness level doesn’t correspond to better form.

[TOOT~~~] After pressing the button, the machine’s cannon started slowing down and a large amount of data was displayed.

“Within 60 seconds, 28 hits, 0 contacts with the red light. Excellent!” Chief Instructor Wu Tong let out a smile, “Not bad, Luo Feng. I congratulate you. After the official documents arrive and your data gets recorded, you’ll become a prospective fighter!” After the exam, an official certificate will be issued and your records are sent to the citizenship information agency within seven days.

Luo Feng tightly clenched his right fist: “I finally succeeded!”

I finally became a prospective fighter!

“Luo Feng, August 1st marks the date of the Fighter Combat exam. Arrive at the Limit Hall at dawn. Under the guidance of an instructor, you will go with other prospective fighters to hunt monsters outside the human bases! After you pass that exam, you’ll become a real fighter” Instructor ‘Jiang Nian’ smiled as he said that.


Chapter 12: Wu Xin Xiang Tian

“Ok” Luo Feng energetically nodded his head.

Chief instructor Wu Tong, who was next to the reaction speed tester, laughed: “Ok, next, Bai Yang”

Luo Feng walked towards Yang Wu, who showed happiness. Yang Wu said in a low voice: “Congratulations crazy, you’re now a prospective fighter. After you pass the fighter combat exam, you’ll become a true fighter!” Luo Feng also replied in a low voice: “Brother Yang, I’m sure you’ll pass the reaction speed test without a problem. When the time comes, let’s take the fighter combat exam together”

“Okay” Yang Wu was excited.

After that, Yang Wu and Luo Feng focused their attention on the current examinee.

Soon after, two people took the test. One succeeded and one failed.

“Last, Yang Wu!” Chief instructor Wu Tong yelled.

Yang Wu took in a deep breath; he has been waiting far too long for this day. Since he was always stuck on the speed test, this is the first time he’ll be able to demonstrate his reaction speed in the limit hall.

“Go for it” Luo Feng encouraged.

“No worries”

Yang Wu took a large step into the red circle and chief instructor Wu Tong pressed the button. The barrel of the machine started revolving and started firing the rubber bullets from its dozen barrels, which covering the entire circle.

Yang Wu was moving swiftly within the circle.

“Hm?” Luo Feng watched Yang Wu’s movements and was surprised, “Brother Yang seems quite stiff. He isn’t as flexible as me, but his technique’s efficiency seems high. He dodges by a small margin; he doesn’t make use of the 3.6 meter diameter of the circle. Everytime he dodges, he only takes a step forward/back/left/right.

Yang Wu’s area of movement was small, but his dodging rate was high.

“This technique is indeed useful in real combat. However, you have to be extremely precise. If there is even one error, then the beast’s claws will rip apart the fighter’s body!” Luo Feng evaluated in his heart. At least to Luo Feng, this seemed like an effective yet dangerous technique.

It was like dancing on the edge of a blade.

[BEEP!~~~] A minute soon passed, and the machine’s cannon stopped revolving.

“Within 60 seconds, 52 hits, and no contacts with the red light. You pass!” Chief instructor Wu Tong said.

Yang Wu, who was still within the red circle, clenched his fists tightly. His veins were clear on his biceps and his eyes started tearing up. For this day, he has waited too long. Finally, he has achieved his dream. There is only one step left until the legendary rank of fighter.

“Yang Wu” Chief instructor Wu Tong frowned, “Your technique of dodging belongs to the ‘Ru Wei’ class. When fighting to the death with monsters, you use small movements to let their attacks barely miss you. Since you don’t move as much, you can make more movements within the same amount of time, raising the chances of success”

“However, this technique is extremely difficult. Even if you estimate the beast’s claw to miss you by two centimeters, if even one mistake is made….. the claw might slash through your body and split you open! When fighting with monsters, you will probably die when you make an error. So–”

“I advise you: When fighting with monsters, try to dodge a bit farther. Give yourself more space” Chief instructor Wu Tong stressed, “With your current strength, it’s better for you to master the basics first. By doing that, you’ll get better results”

Yang Wu was surprised, but soon nodded: “Yes, chief instructor”

“Yang Wu, take the chief instructor’s words to heart. Avoid greedy thoughts in your way of martial arts. The ‘Ru Wei’ class is very powerful, but if you don’t have the strength to perform them, then there will be no use. If you try to forcefully perform them, then you will be a mere copycat for others to laugh at” Instructor Jiang Nian told him seriously.

Chief Instructor Wu Tong laughed: “Okay, three examinees have passed this time’s prospective fighter exam: Luo Feng, Bai Yang, and Yang Wu”

Luo Feng, Yang Wu and Bai Yang have been suppressing their joy and happiness.

If it wasn’t for the surrounding senior fighters, then they probably would have been screaming in joy by now.

“Everyone, your next task is to sign the combat exam contract. Come do it” As he said that, chief instructor Wu Tong looked towards a silver haired man in a black robe and laughed, “Sorry for making you wait so long, captain. I’m sorry, let us go”

Captain?

Luo Feng and the other two were shocked. The chief instructor was the head of Yang Zhou city’s limit hall and had immense authority. If he says ‘captain’, then who on earth would that silver haired man in the black robe be?

The silver haired man scanned Luo Feng and his group. For a moment Luo Feng felt like the silver haired man’s eyes were like the infinite space, and all of a sudden he was being sucked inside. He shuddered and regained his consciousness. “Exactly what just happened?” Luo Feng soon found out that Yang Wu and Bai Yang who were next to him had very sluggish expressions.

“How fearsome, just one gaze and it messed us up completely” Luo Feng was shocked inside.

This power was too fearsome.

If two people were fighting, then the opponent’s gaze can mess with your consciousness before the fight even begins. By the time you regain composure, you might’ve been stabbed through the heart by your opponent already.

The silver haired man smiled and looked at Luo Feng surprisingly.

“Kid, nice talent. Work hard” The silver haired man slightly smiled as he said that.

“Huh, nice willpower too. Heh” Chief instructor Wu Tong nodded in satisfaction.

Chief instructor Wu Tong and the silver haired man immediately left.

“What, what just happened?”

“What happened to me?”

Yang Wu and Bai Yang just regained consciousness. As they recalled the events of what just happened, they broke out in cold sweats. No matter if it was Yang Wu, Bai Yang, or Luo Feng….. they have never seen someone as frightening as that white haired man.

“This white haired man has been watching us the entire time. However, until now, I haven’t noticed his presence at all” Luo Feng was amazed, “With no sound at all, it was like he never existed. Amazing. No wait….”

When Luo Feng tried to think of what the silver haired man’s face looked like, he was shocked to realize–

He only remembered those eyes which mesmerized him and couldn’t recall his face at all.

“The three of you, come here”

Instructor Jiang Nian and the fighters with him smiled as they looked at the three, “Come to the training hall”

They left the reaction speed testing room and entered the large training hall.

“These are the contracts for the combat exam” One of the fat veteran fighters took out three of the contracts from the corner of the hall, “Once you join the fighter combat exam, the Dojo of Limits takes no responsibility for your deaths! Of course, the death rate in the fighter combat exam is very low”

Luo Feng, Yang Wu, and Bai Yang accepted the contract and flipped through its contents.

“The death rate is low, but the injury rate is not” A bald brute said deeply, “In the fighter combat exam, you are fighting with monsters to the death! Of course this is the most basic type of hunting. When you individually go to the danger zones to hunt monsters in the future, the dangers will be far more horrifying compared to the fighter exam. If you can’t even pass this stage, then you have no right to become a fighter”

Luo Feng, Yang Wu, and Bai Yang looked at each other.

The contract is simple, it’s main point is that if a death occurs in the exam, the Dojo of Limits takes no responsibilities.

The three of them had no hesitations and immediately signed their names on the documents.

“Okay”

Instructor Jiang Nian, who was beside them, smiled, “Good. Today is July 1st, so there is one more month until the actual exam. In this month you should make the appropriate preparations. Oh yea” Instructor Jiang Nian walked to the keyboard beside him and rapidly pressed some buttons. Soon enough, a large screen was displayed on the wall of the training hall, and an article appeared.

It was called–Genetic Energy Technique

“Hm?” Luo Feng held his breath.

The reason why the fighters have such powerful bodies, why some of the top fighters can surpass mach speed! Why their knives can slice through thick steel! Of course, with Luo Feng and his group’s strength, they are no where close to the legendary fighters.

Why are fighters strong?

Because they rely on genetic energy!

“Back when humanity was infected by the RR virus in the Grand Nirvana period, our genes started evolving to fight against the virus” Instructor Jiang Nian smiled, “When the genes evolve to a certain point, it’s able to absorb the faint energies of the cosmos. The energy envelops every cell of your body! During this process, your genes, bones, cells, blood, organs, and skin will all continue to evolve and become stronger!”

“Your bones can become tens to hundreds of times harder than diamonds. Your organs will be powerful enough to hold your breath in water for half an hour, and longer!”

“All of this relies on the energy you absorb and envelop your cells with. It becomes your power, in other words–genetic energy”

Instructor Jiang Nian pointed to the article on the screen: “This, this is the technique to enhance your genes–The Wu Xin Xiang Tian* techniqueWhich is also the only technique to train your genetic energy.”

Luo Feng immediately started to carefully read the article.

Genetic energy, human gene enhancement, reliance on evolution!

“So that’s how it is” Luo Feng understood after he read it carefully.

Normal people aren’t able to train this because their genes weren’t suitable. Once your fist strength reaches 900 kg, your speed reaches 25 m/s, and your reaction speed all pass the mark required for a prospective fighter, then your genes were ready for training. 90% of prospective fighters are able to start training!

“You guys can start trying to train your genetic energy in this month” Instructor Jiang Nian smiled, “And the most valuable ‘Dao Ying’ technique will only be available to you after you become a fighter.

There was only one way to train your genetic energy on earth.

However, there were millions of Dao Yin techniques. Training in the Dao Yin techniques could be increase the speed of genetic energy training by ten times. That’s why the Dao Yin techniques are valued by all powers.

*Literally means five hearts towards the sky, which sounds a bit weird so I didn’t change it.


Chapter 13: Joy

“Instructor”

Bai Yang couldn’t help but to ask,

“I have heard about how great the Dao Yin techniques are, but exactly how great are they? How can it increase the process of genetic energy training?”

At this time, a middle-aged man with graying hair said: “Bai Yang, I’ll tell it to you this way. For instance, if you don’t learn the Dao Yin techniques and only use the ‘Wu Xin Xiang Tian’ techniques forever, then your cells will be full from energy after 5 minutes of training a day. Your cells won’t be able to absorb more energy!”

“However, by using the Dao Yin techniques, the capacity of your cells will increase. This way, you can practice for 8 minutes, maybe 10 minutes, and maybe even an hour!” This middle-aged man looked towards Luo Feng’s group, “Do you guys understand now?”

After hearing this, Luo Feng suddenly realized.

“The Dao Yin techniques simply increase every cell’s appetite” Luo Feng thought to himself. The cells absorbing the faint energies of the cosmos and transforming them into genetic energy is just like how humans need to eat food! If a man could only eat three meals, the Dao Yin techniques could make him eat five or ten meals.

Jiang Nian smiled: ” If you don’t train in the Dao Yin techniques, then pretend that the amount of energy your cells can absorb is a unit! Once you start training in the Dao Yin techniques, the amount of energy your cells can absorb could become two units, three units, or maybe even more! In other words, your one year’s of training could surpass another person’s 10 years of training. This is the charm of the Dao Yin techniques”

Every fighter at the scene talked about the Dao Yin techniques, as each of them clearly had a lot to say about the topic.

“About the Dao Yin techniques, the strongest fighter, leader of all the Dojo of Limits, ‘Hong’, created nine types of Dao Yin techniques. If you join my Dojo of Limits and contribute enough towards the dojo, then you might have a chance to learn these top class Dao Yin techniques” The fighters all laughed and enticed Luo Feng and his group.

All the great powers on earth hope to have more fighters in their country.

“Instructor” Luo Feng suddenly spoke up.

“Hm?” Instructor Jiang Nian laughed as he looked towards Luo Feng, “What’s the problem?”

“Instructor, about the silver haired man who just walked out with the chief instructor. How come he could stop all forms of resistance with just one gaze? What kind of power does this fighter have?” Luo Feng has never heard that fighters were this powerful, so he was very curious.

Instructor Jiang Nian slightly laughed, while the fighters beside him completely laughed out loud.

“Kid, that person who walked out with the chief instructor is a spirit reader! Spirit readers are even fewer in number than us fighters” The fighters all laughed as they said, “Of course, the spirit readers are usually fighters too! However, they are the most frightening existence within the fighters”

“Spirit reader?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Luo Feng has read introductions about them thanks to the modern internet. They all said that the spirit readers are a special existence within the fighters, and also a very terrifying existence.

However, the internet didn’t explain specifically on exactly how terrifying they actually were.

“After you become a fighter in the future, you’ll come to know spirit readers” Instructor Jiang Nian laughed, “Alright, the today’s prospective fighter exam is over. The three of you can return home too. Yup, make sure you stamp your contracts hand in your documents. We’ll contact you in a few days. Alright, you guys can go now”

“Yes, instructor”

Luo Feng, Yang Wu, and Bai Yang turned and left the training hall. They were escorted and carefully watched by the gun-holding guardsmen as they left the sector.

Ming-Yue sector’s entrance. Luo Feng, Yang Wu, and Bai Yang were all smiling brightly.

“My name is Bai Yang, and I’m from the top military academy in Jiang-Nan. My family lives in Yang-Zhou city, so I took this chance to take the exam while it’s summer vacation” Bai Yang stuck out his hands to both Luo Feng and Yang Wu for handshakes, “I’m glad to be able to meet you two”

Jiang-Nan’s top military academy?

Luo Feng was planning to go there.

Luo Feng laughed: “My name is Luo Feng, and he is Yang Wu. We are both from Zhi-An region’s Dojo of Limits”

“Luo Feng brother’s future is surely limitless. Not many people become fighters even in our elite class in the military academy” Bai Yang happily made friends. For Luo Feng to become a prospective fighter at such a young age, he was even more happy to become friends. Luo Feng might become a super important person in the future.

Yang Wu laughed on the side: “Let’s not say so much. It must be fate for all of us to pass the exam at the same place on the same day. Today’s a good day. Let’s find some restaurant to eat heartily and chat happily”

“Okay” Bai Yang smiled and accepted.

“Let’s go” Luo Feng also laughed.

The three of them just passed the prospective fighter exam and were bursting with excitement. They selected a restaurant and ate lunch together, and then went their separate ways back home.

Luo Feng drank some liquor today and was waiting to report the good news to his family on the subway.

However, there were too many people on the subway. He was afraid that if he spoke the words ‘passed the prospective fighter exam’, he would cause a scene: “Well, it wouldn’t be too late to call after I exit the subway”

……

After taking the #1 subway line to Zhong-An road station, it would take a long walk to get to Zhong-An road station’s #11 line.

“I’ll tell dad, mom, and brother now” Luo Feng has been excited up until now.

Prospective fighter…..

His family has been so poor and working for so many years, he has been working for so many years, and finally there’s some accomplishment!

As he stood on the sidewalk of Zhong-An road station, Luo Feng took out his cell phone.

[BEEP….. BEEP…..]

After typing in the number, Luo Feng waited.

“Hello.” The cell phone carried his brother’s voice, Luo Feng laughed and said, “It’s me”

“Of course, don’t you even know what kind of person your brother is? Of course I passed. Haha, yea, yea, okay” Luo Feng held his cell phone and happily said, “Hm, is mom home? Okay, let mom take the phone”

“Hello, mom, it’s me, Feng” Luo Feng was bursting with happiness.

As he heard his mother’s happily excited voice across the cell phone, the sides of Luo Feng’s eyes started to become moist, for he has worked for this day for far too long: “Mom, you asked three times already. I really did pass the exam. The forms will arrive at home in a few days”

“I ate already, with the other two people who passed” Luo Feng laughed, “Oh, call dad? Don’t worry mom, I won’t forget. Okay, I know”

After he hung up, Luo Feng couldn’t help but to let out a smile.

Happiness, satisfaction!

Wasn’t Luo Feng’s bitter training since childhood all for the sake of this day?

Luo Feng adjusted his breathing and calmed himself, or else he wouldn’t be able to call his father’s cell phone. In this family, Luo Hong Guo is the family’s mountain, the family’s pillar! Before Luo Feng became an elite member, the family had to completely rely on what his father earned.

Even though his mother works, she needs her energy to take care of her two sons, even more so since one of them is handicapped.

Father’s home remodeling work is bitter and hard. He frequently gets injured on the job.

“Dad, from now on, you will never have to go through such exhausting work again” Luo Feng thought to himself.

[BEEP….. BEEP…..]

A sound came from the cell phone as Luo Feng waited for his father to answer.


Chapter 14: You asked for it

“Hm, how come there’s no answer? It’s around 12 right now, so it should be lunch time. My dad and the others are remodeling right now and they usually take a break during the noon, so he should be able to answer the phone” Luo Feng looked doubtfully at his cell phone’s screen and pressed the ‘Cell Phone Location Searcher Function’. The screen of the phone quickly displayed a map of Yang Zhou city. The small red dot on the map represented Luo Feng’s cell phone’s location, while the small green dot represented his father’s.

“Not too far from where I am now”

Luo Feng knew in an instant where his father’s current location is and couldn’t help but to let out a smile, “I’ll run to my dad’s side and tell him in person about the good news”

Luo Feng quickly went to the location displayed on the cell phone’s map.

Zhi-An region, Sky Garden sector.

“Hurry, hurry and move those things so you can go take a break and eat lunch. We should go eat some food too” In one of the private villa’s lawns in the sector, Zhang Hao Bai, pale and wearing long, white pants, urged the workers on. He even had three cold faced bodyguards by his side.

“Mister, don’t rush, this furniture is extremely valuable. Don’t underestimate it, get some more people and work a bit harder!” A truck was parked by the private lawn and had a lot of sealed wooden furniture.

Wooden furniture in these days are extremely valuable and expensive. They are a luxury item which belong to few.

Because, all the humans live in cities. There are very few places to plant trees, and most of trees are for decoration. Although there are many trees outside the city, many monsters are there too. The price for lumber is extremely high, since you will have to fight monsters to get it.

Most people’s furnitures these days are made out of plastic, while some of the better ones are made out of glass.

A normal family wouldn’t be able to afford wood products.

“Be careful”

The remodeling company’s workers carefully moved the heavy furniture from the truck to the ground. After that, three of the workers would carefully move the furniture into the lawn.

“Be careful” Zhang Hao Bai frowned and reminded, “This is furniture made out of real, high quality wood. If you break it, you’ll surely get in trouble with your boss”

[HU, HU]

The three workers carefully moved the furniture. The furniture was extremely valuable and heavy, around a thousand kg. It’s a bit of work for these three workers to move it.

“Stop and rest for a bit. Move it into the house in one breath later” The worker lifting in front ordered, “Put it down here for now.

Slowly, lightly” The three workers slowly put the furniture on the lawn. Only after doing so were they able to straighten their backs and take a good breath of air.

“Old Luo, I’m already hungry after doing that” A tall worker started stretching his body.

“After moving this and two more pieces of furniture, we’ll be done. After that, we can all eat together” Luo Hong Guo laughed as he looked at the two other workers. He wiped his sweat off with his shirt. It was June and almost 1 PM, so it was the hottest time of the day.

For the three of them to move a valuable piece of furniture that weighs 1000 kg, it surely was bitter work.

“Work faster!” Zhang Hao Bai ordered impatiently.

“Aight” Luo Hong Guo bended down to grab onto the furniture, “Guys, work hard and move this piece of furniture in”

“Come, one, two, three, up!”

Luo Hong Guo and his group lifted together and carefully went up the steps. They quickly entered the house and came out soon after. When Luo Hong Guo and his group walked past Zhang Hao Bai, Zhang Hao Bai frowned after smelling the sweat emanating from them.

“Poor people will be poor people, doing this kind of bitter work. They’ll have a bitter life for the rest of their lives” Zhang Hao Bai thought to himself.

Zhang Hao Bai’s dad was rich, so he was born into a wealthy family. Zhang Hao Bai has always looked down on those of at the bottom of society. To him, those willing to do these kinds of bitter work have no fighting spirit and deserve to live through their bitter days. “Careful, don’t touch the gate”

Luo Hong Guo and his group carefully moved the furniture step by step. Their shirts were drenched in sweat. A droplet of sweat leaked down from a head and rolled down into their necks.

“Rest for a bit outside of the home” Luo Hong Guo put the furniture down and adjusted their breathing.

“Go, one, two, three, up!”

Even though Luo Hong Guo and his group were tired, they’ve been doing this for 20 to 30 years, so they’re used to it. They know their limits, so mistakes rarely occur.

Soon after, Luo Hong Guo and his group went to move the final piece of furniture.

“It sure is hot” Zhang Hao Bai raised his head and looked towards the sky, “Brother Wang, we’ll go eat at a nearby restaurant later”

“Thanks young master” The three bodyguards laughed in reply.

Zhang Hao Bai glanced at the final piece of furniture the three workers were carrying and let out a snort from his nose. He naturally hated these kinds of peasants. Suddenly, his gaze landed upon the marble used for pavement. One of the tiles had a crack, which was accidently made when he sparred with his bodyguards a few days ago.

“Hm?” Zhang Hao Bai’s eyes flashed, “I was low on money recently and now’s a good chance to make some!”

At this time, Luo Hong Guo and his group were busy moving the third piece of furniture.

Suddenly–

A cell phone started ringing, Luo Hong Guo, who was currently moving the furniture, rejoiced in his heart: “It must be from Feng” However, since Luo Hong Guo is moving furniture, he can’t answer the phone. He’ll have to call back after he puts the piece of furniture down.

“Rest for a bit outside the house, lightly, slowly” Luo Hong Guo and his group slowly put the furniture down.

Luo Hong Guo took the cell phone out of his pocket. Looking at the display, the call was indeed from his son. He let out a smile and preparing to call back.

“What’s the problem with you guys?”

“Hey, we told you guys to be careful, what are you guys doing?” A voice of anger rose.

Luo Hong Guo and his group turned their heads in surprise and only saw Zhang Hao Bai’s gloomy face. Zhang Hao Bai was angrily pointing at the marble: “Is this how you do things? Since you guys weren’t even focusing, look, my home’s pavement was broken by you guys. This is Nan-Shan marble, which was bought outside the city. One piece of marble would cost around a hundred thousand dollars, can you pay that? HUH!!!”

Luo Hong Guo and his group lowered their heads and looked–

Indeed, on the pavement towards the road, one of the marble had a small crack.

“Hmph, I’ll call your company’s boss. What’s with this” Zhang Hao Bai fumed, “Brother Wang, you have their company’s phone number right? Call their company and get their boss over here! There’s no point in talking with these people anymore”

“I have their company’s phone number here” The bodyguard named Wang immediately took out his cell phone and started dialing.

Luo Hong Guo and his group were well acquainted.

“That’s wrong” The large worker immediately said, “The crack on the marble was already there. I saw it”

“Making excuses? There is no fucking point in making excuses” Zhang Hao Bai laughed loudly.

Luo Hong Guo frowned. As an experienced, old worker, he knew these kinds of disputes were the most troublesome. The company usually highly values its reputation. If their reputation is harmed and the company has no evidence to prove that their workers didn’t make the crack, then usually the company can only pay for the loss.

If the company pays money, then the money will be taken out of the salary of the three workers responsible.

“Let’s move the furniture in first and then talk” Luo Hong Guo spoke as he went to lift the furniture.

“Move the furniture?”

Zhang Hao Bai stepped forward and shoved Luo Hong Guo and started lecturing the three workers, “Don’t play tricks! The furniture on the marble is the proof! You want to move the furniture in and then play dumb? I’ve seen these petty tricks all the time. Wait for your boss to come and then talk”

“Old Luo, old Luo”

The other two co workers went to help Luo Hong Guo up.

“No problem” Luo Hong Guo brushed off his shoulder.

“How could you guys shove people”

“We aren’t even sure if we broke the marble, what’s the meaning of shoving?” The other two co workers immediately glared and spoke in anger. These people who do these kinds of work fear nothing, if they are angered, then a fight would occur. Even if they get jailed by the police, they only want money and not their lives, so even the police cannot deal with them and will eventually release them.

“Don’t try and argue with me!” Luo Hong Bai’s two legs were like lightning and kicked the two workers’ stomachs.

[PU! PU!]

The two co workers flew away and fell on the ground.

“Hmph, you don’t know who you’re arguing with” Zhang Hao Bai laughed coldly. His Zhang family in the Zhi-An region had a wide range of contacts. Even if he beat up some regular workers, nothing would happen.

“Old Tian, Big Monkey, are you okay?” Luo Hong Guo was getting nervous too.

“Young man, how could you do this?” Luo Hong Guo said angrily.

Zhang Hao Bai frowned after smelling Luo Hong Guo’s sweat and waved: “Brother Wang, you guys teach them a lesson so they’ll be quiet”

“Young Master, the remodeling company” The bodyguard named Wang handed over the cell phone.

“Okay” Zhang Hao Bai waved his hand and the three bodyguards immediately went to beat up the three workers, while Zhang Hao Bai held the phone, “Yes, I am from the sky garden. Let your chairman Hou take the phone. Chairman Hou, what’s the problem with the three workers you sent today? They are sloppy and cracked open my lawn’s marble pavement. Hurry up and send people and sort this out. If you don’t figure this out, don’t expect any money!”

While the conversation was still going–

“Stop”An angry voice came from outside the lawn.

At this time, Luo Hong Guo and his coworkers were in a corner and had foot prints all over them from the bodyguards.

“Hm?” The three bodyguards and Zhang Hao Bai all turned their heads.

A shady image flew into the lawn and Zhang Hao Bai recognized him in an instant and raged: “Luo Feng, you came to my house to receive a beating?”

“Fuck you!” Luo Feng saw his father: bent back, drenched in sweat, and covered in foot prints. Luo Feng’s eyes immediately turned red. His father had to endure such a bitter life and is always frowned upon. And today, something like this happened to him.

One of the bodyguards who was short and fat laughed coldly as he stepped up.

“Get the fuck out of the way!!!” Luo Feng shouted and his leg, like lightning, kicked harshly. The bodyguard even blocked it with his right arm.

[PENG!]

The heavy kick immediately widened the fat, short bodyguard’s eyes. He flew out four to five meters in the air before falling back to the ground. The other two bodyguards were stunned.

“Luo Feng, you dare hit my men!” Zhang Hao Bai glared and shouted, “You asked for it”

“Fuck you!!!” Luo Feng shouted in anger as he glared fiercely and clenched his teeth.


Chapter 15: I’ll cooperate

“Attack, attack together!” Zhang Hao Bai’s face was red with fury as he waved his hands in anger.

This Luo Feng dare mess on his territory and attack his bodyguards.

“Be careful, his kicks are heavy” The fat bodyguard on the ground rubbed his stomach. Some blood leaked out the side of his mouth and he couldn’t get up for a while.

“Kiddo, think you’re tough eh” The bodyguard named Wang and the other bodyguard rushed towards Luo Feng’s direction. As they had witnessed Luo Feng’s power, they were careful to not underestimate him. At this time, Luo Feng rushed to his father’s side, but before he could say anything, Luo Hong Guo shouted: “I’m fine, Feng, behind you!”

Within an instant the two bodyguards came from the left and right to attack Luo Feng simultaneously. Even that Zhang Hao Bai was coming in pursuit.

The three of them together!

“Hmph!” Luo Feng glanced out the corner of his eye and instantly turned. WIth the power that came with the rotation, he shot out his right arm in the shape of a blade and cut across the space in front of him as if it was a combat blade.

[HU!]

The arm caused a powerful current to blow ahead of it.

“Not good” The bodyguard named Wang’s face instantly changed and he ran up to block Luo Feng’s arm with both of his arms.

[PENG!] The sound of an impact.

Luo Feng’s blade powerfully hit the bodyguard named Wang’s two arms.

The bodyguard named Wang felt that his arms weren’t his own anymore. They hurt so much that there was no feeling for a moment. His right arm fell powerlessly and he retreated while yelling: “My right arm’s fractured!”

“What!” Zhang Hao Bai, who was getting ready to move, was shocked. His bodyguards were all elite members of the dojo. Luo Feng, also an elite member, should have around equal power. There was no way that his attack could fracture the arm of the bodyguard named Wang, who was also an elite member.

“Not good!” The bodyguard named Wang was injured, so only the tall bodyguard in black was left. He was surprised and enraged as he witnessed his comrades’ defeat.

The bodyguard in black clenched his teeth and howled as he threw a kick and a punch with lightning speed.

[WHOOSH! WHOOSH!]

Luo Feng was dextrous, so it only took two sways to dodge the two attacks. He then prepared for a powerful chop.

He raised his right hand high in the air and attacked. His chop was like a knife!

“It’s too fast” The bodyguard in black couldn’t dodge, so he could only put his arms above to block and clench his teeth as he received the attack! As Luo Feng’s frightening attack came down, the bodyguard’s heart was filled with fear.

[DON!]

The bodyguard lost feeling in both of his arms and they were softened by Luo Feng’s attack. However, Luo Feng’s chop didn’t lose momentum; after hitting the bodyguard’s arms, it fell on his shoulder. Over a thousand kg of power instantly made the bodyguard kneel on the ground.

“How is this possible?” Zhang Hao Bai, who was getting ready for a sneak attack, stopped out of shock.

The three bodyguards: One grasped his stomach as he tried to climb up, the other had a fractured arm, and the other was kneeling on the ground from just one chop.

“Zhang Hao Bai!” Luo Feng’s eyes were like flames, as if he was about to eat someone.

“What the hell are you doing. Luo Feng, what are you doing!” Zhang Hao Bai quickly backed two steps away and yelled, “This is my home! How dare you barge in here and hit my people and still act so arrogantly!”

“You dare hit my dad, kick my dad!” Luo Feng clenched his fists. All the muscles on his body were like steel and his veins were like worms.

“Your dad, I don’t even know who your dad is, how could I hit your dad and kick your…..” Zhang Hao Bai suddenly looked towards the three workers who were still dirty and covered in footprints. He realized in an instant why Luo Feng just barged in without saying anything and started attacking.

Zhang Hao Bai looked at Luo Feng, who seemed like he was about to eat someone, and immediately howled: “Luo Feng, I’m warning you, you–”

[PENG!]

Luo Feng kicked sharply, his leg, like lightning, hit against Zhang Hao Bai’s stomach, which caused Zhang Hao Bai to lie on the floor with his face bursting red.

“Warning, my ass!” Luo Feng grabbed Zhang Hao Bai by the collar. His grab caused Zhang Hao Bai to be suspended in the air.

“You, you…..” Zhang Hao Bai wanted to speak, but he was grabbed by the collar and completely suspended, which put a lot of pressure on his neck. It was already hard to breathe, so there’s no way he’d be able to talk.

“Put the owner down right now!”

A sound of anger came from far away. A group of around ten bodyguards fully equipped were rushing. There were cameras all over the place in the sky garden sector, so the guards knew about the fight right away. All the people living in this sector were important, so security was high.

They rushed here in an instant and called the police.

As Luo Feng saw the guards coming, he sneered at Zhang Hao Bai and threw him to the side like an object. Zhang Hao Bai fell onto the grass of the lawn, which colored parts of his white shirt green.

“Dad, are you alright?” Luo Feng walked towards Luo Hong Guo’s side.

“It’s nothing, just a few scratches” Luo Hong Guo looked at the bodyguards who seemed to be in pain and Zhang Hao Bai’s sick face and worriedly said in a low voice, “Feng, how come you don’t even know how to control your power. You beat them up like this, so the medical fees will surely be high. They could even sue you”

“Yea, Feng, you went a bit overboard” Another worker was worried.

“Doesn’t matter, great job. They didn’t even treat us like people before” The other tall worker said in anger.

The sector’s guards knew the wealthy families well. The Zhang family’s three bodyguards were all elite bodyguards and were elite members of the dojo. Now that they all suffered major injuries, they won’t provoke Luo Feng for a while.

Even though you get paid for being a bodyguard, nobody is willing to get beat up and have their bones fractured like those three bodyguards.

[BEEP~~~BEEP~~~]

Suddenly the sound of a police siren came, so everyone turned their heads and saw one police car quickly stop in front of the Zhang family’s gate. The four car doors opened and four policemen sprinted out.

“The police is here” The guards immediately moved out of the way.

“Not good, the police is here” Luo Hong Guo and his group were all surprised, and Luo Hong Guo dragged Luo Feng to a corner and quickly said in a low voice: “Feng, you injured them, so there’ll be problems once you arrive at the police station. Don’t rush, I’ll find you a lawyer immediately”

“Dad, I passed the prospective fighter exam” Luo Feng quietly said.

With just this one phrase, Luo Hong Guo who was extremely impatient immediately relaxed and let out a sigh of relief: “Really? That’s great. Feng, if you passed the exam, then even those policemen don’t have the right to detain you?”

Prospective fighters become fighters after taking the fighter combat exam. Once their body fitness passes, then they can train their genetic energy.

So, according to the rules of the country–

Once a prospective fighter or a fighter gets dragged into cases, the security agency of the city takes care of things. Jiang-Nan city naturally has Jiang-Nan city’s security agency take care of things, so regular policemen have no right to detain them.

“However, dad, the higher authority still needs to approve of my passing. It will take a few more days until the prospective fighter documents arrive at my home and get updated in my profile” Luo Feng said quietly, “So, according to the law, I’m technically not a prospective fighter right now. I’ll only become one in a few more days!”

Luo Feng officially becomes a prospective fighter when it’s recorded into his public profile.

“Even if there is trouble these few days, there’s no problem. Contact the dojo of limits and have them vouch for me and prove that I passed the prospective fighter exam. After that, I can leave the police station immediately” Luo Feng said, “However, if there’s no trouble, then there’s no need to go through all that hassle. It’s just a few days in the police station. After that, I wouldn’t be able to stay even if I wanted to”

Luo Hong Guo nodded.

“Luo Feng!” The two policemen walked over and one of them reprimanded, “You dare barge into other civillian’s property and injure their men! Walk, you’re coming with us to the police station”

“My police friends, I’ll cooperate” Luo Feng smiled as he walked forward, “Let’s go. However, I’m not sure if your car can fit all of us”

The two policemen panicked.

“Don’t worry, I have a car” Zhang Hao Bai turned his head and looked towards the four policemen, “Uncle Liu, he attacked and injured me and my three bodyguards, we are all witnesses for that”

“Bring them all”

The policeman called uncle Liu ordered.

“Luo Feng” Zhang Hao Bai maliciously looked at Luo Feng. The rage in his heart was great. His rage has already been collecting throughout the three years of high school. Luo Feng’s beating today reminded him of the time where a similar situation happened in the dojo, “This time, even death won’t get you out of this. You dare injure me and my bodyguards so badly. We can even make this a case and give you a few years in prison. Let’s see if you’re still so arrogant then!”

Luo Feng smiled as he walked into the police car with the policemen.


Chapter 16: Jail

The room was empty, dark, and cold. Cold air constantly flowed in; you couldn’t help but to shiver.

“This is the interrogation room?” Yet Luo Feng had a look of curiosity on his face as he looked around the room, “They threw me in this dark room and set the AC on such a high setting, are they trying to do some psychological warfare?” Before the ‘interrogation’ even started, Luo Feng has already won!

Luo Feng, who has already passed the prospective fighter exam, is unafraid of any of the police’s tricks.

Outside in the security room, a few policemen looked inside the room through their security cameras. One of the young female officers wondered: “Head, how come this young man doesn’t feel anything at all? Usually when someone enters the interrogation room and stays there for half an hour, they start panicking due to their own worries”

“Don’t underestimate him, his profile states that he is an elite member of the dojo! And he even injured four elite members!” The bald middle-aged officer laughed.

“One harmed four? If he’s that strong, is it possible that he’s a prospective fighter? If he is, then that’ll be a problem” said one of the young male officers.

“He isn’t a prospective fighter, his profile says it clearly”

The bald middle-aged officer said, “Let’s go, Xiao Yang, come with me to interrogate him for a bit”

“Yes, head”

……

Inside the interrogation room, Luo Feng has been waiting for over half an hour.

“You’re here?” Luo Feng smiled as he watched the two policemen enter.

The bald middle-aged officer was startled, this young man was unexpectedly calm. He came in with the other young officer and sat in front of the interrogation desk. He then smiled, saying: “Sorry, we were interrogating a few others just now which caused a delay. So that’s why it took us so long to arrive”

“No problem” Luo Feng then asked, “What about the three workers from the remodeling company, where did they go?”

“We let them return home” The bald middle-aged officer seemed friendly.

Luo Feng nodded.

In this case, Luo Hong Guo and his group were victims, so they were let off the hook.

“The three workers from the remodeling company and Zhang Hao Bai and his three bodyguards all told us all about what happened. The truth is against you. Do you have any words?” The bald middle-aged officer stared at Luo Feng. Usually, when someone hears that the truth isn’t with them, they try to explain themselves.

Luo Feng smiled: “Nothing much. Zhang Hao Bai and his three bodyguards, those four are maggots! They dared to hit my dad, so I just taught them a lesson”

“Hm?” The bald middle-aged officer and the young male officer were stunned.

[PENG!] The young middle-aged officer slammed the table and scolded, “Luo Feng, get real. This is the police station, stop being so arrogant!”

“Arrogant? I was telling you what happened” Luo Feng smiled, “Alright, that’s all I have to say”

The bald middle-aged officer frowned: “Luo Feng, your arrogance will not help your case. You purposefully injured them to such an extent, so a couple years in jail wouldn’t be surprising. You better explain the events of what happened in detail”

“I have nothing much to say” Luo Feng said as he shaked his head.

The bald middle-aged officer frowned. He looked at Luo Feng carefully, who remained silent. Finally, the bald middle-aged officer waved his hand and say: “Okay then. Don’t regret this. Take him down!”

Luo Feng smiled as he stood up. Two male officers rushed in the interrogation room and forcefully escorted him out.

The Zhi-An region jail is right next to the police station. The influence of the fighters has caused today’s society to fight and brawl a lot, so many people are detained here. Each region has their own jail to detain these people, and Luo Feng will be entering jail today too.

After changing into the gray prisoner uniform, Luo Feng was locked up.

“299, this is the room. Go in” The guardsman pushed Luo Feng in and locked the prison door. The people locked up here were mostly thieves, drunk drivers, brawlers, and criminals awaiting their trials.

Luo Feng’s case of a fight was common around here.

Simply put, it was just a small fight between a few people. However, if this case is actually brought to the court, then there is indeed a chance of Luo Feng receiving a few years of imprisonment. The reason is of course–Luo Feng is not a prospective fighter.

In the prison cell.

“Heh, a new one?” A bald brute with tattoos was lying on the bed. Next to him was an old man who was obediently giving him a massage. The bald brute glared at Luo Feng, “Kiddo, you are all skin and bones. Not bad, come and kick my shin!”

Luo Feng looked strangely at the bald brute. He has heard rumors of bullying in the cell, but they were only rumors. This is the first time he has witnessed such an event.

“Damn, are you deaf?” The bald brute glared and stood up.

“Interesting, interesting” Luo Feng was very curious.

“Pickin’ a fight?” After the bald brute witnessed Luo Feng’s lack of respect, he suddenly rose his palm leaf-like hand and went for Luo Feng’s head.

With a slight movement, Luo Feng’s arm came out like a viper and grabbed the bald brute’s wrist.

“Hm? Hm?” The bald brute shook violently; he felt like his arm was trapped by iron bands. He couldn’t exert any strength at all and his face couldn’t help but to change completely; he knew he was in deep trouble.

“You want me to kick your shin?” Luo Feng’s right hand’s fingers strengthened and twisted the bald brute’s wrist, who painfully got on the ground and begged: “My brother, I failed to recognize your might. Brother, please let me off the hook. Ah, ah–” The intense pain made him scream out uncontrollably.

Luo Feng exerted some strength and tossed the bald brute against the wall.

“Tell me whenever you want me to kick your shin” Luo Feng said in ill humor. With that, he suddenly leaped, and with some help with his right hand, he was already lying on the bed.

The bald brute sat in the corner and rubbed his right arm’s wrist.

And the old man and the skinny young man on the bed who were also in the cell looked at the bald brute, and then looked at Luo Feng.

“Baldie Huang, what’s wrong?” The guardsman standing in front of the prison snickered, “Who messed with you? How did this happen? Oh, a quick reminder, that new young man who just joined you came here after beating four elite members of the dojo. Be careful and don’t provoke him”

After saying that, the guardsman hummed a small hymn and left.

“Shoulda said that earlier” The bald brute looked in fear towards the bed, “One person beat four elite members of the dojo? That’s messed up”

Meanwhile, Luo Feng was thinking about what he read at the limit hall, about the ‘Genetic Energy Techniques’: “Hm, since I have nothing to do here anyway, when it gets dark, I might as well try to train my genetic energy!”

Fighters rely on genetic energy for their unstoppable strength.

When Luo Feng was planning his genetic energy training in his cell, inside a room in a KTV* near the Zhi-An region police station: two young men were flirting with a young women. One of them shrieked and howled as he sang. And that young man was precisely Zhang Hao Bai.

“Alright, you two can leave now” Zhang Hao Bai waved his hand. The only people that were left in the room were Zhang Hao Bai and another teenager who was wearing glasses.

“Brother Zhou, I asked you here for a favor” Zhang Hao Bai spoke.

“If you have something to ask for then don’t hold back” The glasses wearing teenager laughed, “If I can help, then I definitely will do so right away”

“It’s like this, there’s someone named Luo Feng! This maggot always goes against me” As he was talking, Zhang Hao Bai spit in rage, “This time, he injured my three bodyguards and beat me up. Brother, I can’t take this! This person is locked up in jail now, so I want to ask brother Zhou to get through the guardsmen and teach Luo Feng a lesson”

“Oh? No problem. However, I need money for the guardsmen’s cooperation” The glasses wearing teenager wrinkled his eyebrow.

“Money is not a problem, I have a hundred thousand right here! After the task is complete, I’ll give another hundred thousand”

Zhang Hao Bai immediately threw his wallet towards the teenager.

“Haha, awesome” The glasses wearing teenager didn’t even look at the wallet and nodded, “Two hundred thousand. We can do anything to him as long as we don’t kill him. Tell me, how should we beat him up?”

“Break one of his legs and one of his arms!” Zhang Hao Bai clenched his teeth.

“Sure, that’s easy” The glasses wearing teenager immediately nodded.

Zhang Hao Bai reminded: “Brother Zhou, this Luo Feng is not an easy target. He beat me and my three bodyguards”

“No worries” The glasses wearing teenager laughed in confidence, “You can put a thousand and two hundred hearts worth of trust in me and wait for the good news”

*TL note: for those who don’t know, KTV is a place where you can rent a private room and sing along with pre-recorded videos/songs (karaoke)


Chapter 17: Late night in jail

Deep into the night. The moon and stars weren’t visible in today’s sky, so the cell Luo Feng resided in was completely dark. Only the roads outside of the cell had some light.

[HU~~~] snores kept ringing throughout the cell, showing that virtually everyone was in deep sleep.

Suddenly–

On the left bed, Luo Feng, who was originally lying in rest, sat up. His legs were crossed and his soles faced forwards. His hands rested on his legs and his back was perfectly straight.

“According to the article I saw at the Limit Hall, there is only one type of genetic energy training on earth–Wu Xin Xiang Tian training. Once someone reaches the body fitness level of a fighter, they usually are able to start their genetic energy training right away” Luo Feng took in a deep breath, “The article said that the first ‘feeling’ is the hardest!”

To absorb the cosmic energy, you need to be able to sense them first.

According to the article, this energy is spread around the earth. Even the stars in the universe has this energy. However….. most people can’t detect the presence of the energy.

“As long as I can do the ‘feeling’, it’ll be easy to absorb them”

“The talented people can sense the energies on their first day of training. The less talented fighters take up to one and a half years just to sense the energy” Luo Feng adjusted his breathing and kept the position of the Wu Xin Xiang Tian technique. The Wu Xin* refers to ‘the two soles, the two palms, and the main artery in the head’.

*TL note: Wu Xin means Five Hearts.

Breathe…..

Luo Feng’s breathing slowly stabilized. As he stabilized himself, Luo Feng could feel his heart becoming calm.

“My body has to loosen up. The Wu Xin Xiang Tian is a natural process. I have to calm my heart, calm my heart like a lake in the reflection of a mirror” Luo Feng’s self control was good so he was able to slowly calm himself, even his heart was calmed.

It was completely silent. His breathing could barely be heard.

One minute, two minutes….. thirty minutes, one hour…..

“Hm?” Luo Feng suddenly opened his eyes, “Where is this so called energy? How come I can’t sense it? My heart and body should’ve been very calm just now. Maybe, like the article said, a talented person can succeed on the first day, but an untalented person would take one and a half years to sense the energy?”

“I’ll try again” Luo Feng shut his eyes and tried to feel the energy described in the article.

Relaxed, quiet.

These were the two points that the Wu Xin Xiang Tian technique stressed the most.

“Still not right” Half an hour later, Luo Feng opened his eyes.

Luo Feng has witnessed that the first stage of genetic energy training–feelingis very difficult.

“I’ll try one last time. If I don’t succeed I’ll wait until tomorrow night. I hope I can succeed” Luo Feng hoped in his heart, shut his eyes, and started to calm himself again in order to sense the energy.

Time passed slowly, ten minutes….. thirty minutes….. fifty minutes….. one hour and twenty minutes…..

“How come it’s still not working?”

In his almost meditative state, Luo Feng’s thoughts started to slow down too.

Slowly…..

In this almost meditative state, Luo Feng had a bit of hope in the bottom of his heart, hoping to sense the energy. However, as time passed, Luo Feng was falling asleep! A normal person who thinks of nothing and closes his eyes for half an hour at late night would fall asleep, and Luo Feng has been going at this for three hours already.

About to fall asleep, Luo Feng forgot to try and sense the energy.

“So comfortable”

Luo Feng, who was falling asleep, felt a faint energy go through his soles, palms, and the major artery of his head. At a slow steady rate, it entered his body.

“What is this?” Luo Feng was still half asleep.

“It’s the energy!!!” Luo Feng abruptly woke up and opened his eyes. The feeling he had before immediately disappeared.

Luo Feng never thought that he would be able to sense the energy when he was about to fall asleep.

“I felt it, I felt it, that must be the energy I was looking for” Luo Feng was extremely happy inside, “According to the article, once you pass the prospective fighter test, many people can start their genetic energy training. Even if you don’t sense it consciously, your body slowly absorbs it unconsciously”

Luo Feng knew that the feeling just now meant that he was absorbing the energy. However, this kind of absorption speed was much too slow.

“It’s that kind of feeling”

Luo Feng shut his eyes and tried to sense it again. He stabilized his breathing and calmed his heart. His consciousness focused on the soles of his feet, the palms of his hands, and the artery of his head. He tried to sense the energy he just felt.

He felt like he sensed the energy, but at the same time he felt like he didn’t.

Slowly, the feeling was getting clearer and clearer.

It’s this!

A very small thing like a breath floated slowly. When it neared Luo Feng’s soles, it seeped in slowly.

“This is the energy” Luo Feng focused on the ‘Wu Xin’ and he focused on absorbing the energies. Naturally, the speed of which his soles, palms, and his head’s artery absorb energy increased; it instantly neared to a hundred times the speed.

If we say that the energies seeped in like a few drops of water from a crack in a water pipe at the beginning..

Then now, the crack is larger and, like a small river, the energies incessantly flowed into Luo Feng’s body.

“Ah~~~” The feeling made him shiver to the bone. The shapeless, colorless energy entered Luo Feng’s body. The starving and thirsting cells crazily gobbled up the energy which came in from five different paths.

Inside the cell.

As the energies entered the cells, it was quickly absorbed by the mitochondria and at the same time, let out a strange energy. This energy was absorbed by the cell, which started causing earth shattering changes. The DNA blueprints were also beginning to change slightly, and the cell started dividing, one into two.

Time passed slowly…..

Luo Feng’s body kept changing, whether it was the surface of the skin, the muscles, the bones, and even the layers of every single cell, every part of the body has changed. This change is life’s evolution, an enhancement of life’s genes!

“According to the training guide, humans, starting from birth, were unable to absorb the energies. So in a state of starvation, when you absorb the energies for the first time, you absorb the highest amount. Which is also the time of the quickest strength boost!” Luo Feng felt his fitness level changing.

On the earth and in the entire universe, there is an infinite amount of energy. The amount of which Luo Feng just absorbed is negligible.

However, to Luo Feng, this is the biggest jump in strength he has ever had.

The density of his bones increased, the cells reduced their volumes and split into two, the muscle fibers were enhancing themselves, and Luo Feng’s body weight kept increasing.

Life, is so peculiar!

In the brain.

In a place where Luo Feng couldn’t sense, the energies flowed in the depths of his brain. Since birth until now, the three shocks to the depths of his brain caused three comas. And tonight, a huge amount of energies were flowing in.

However, this change was different from the other three times, it was more faint….. Luo Feng, who was training, didn’t notice it at all.

[DING~~DONG~~]

Dawn, the sun just rose, around 5 or 6 AM. All the bells in the jail were ringing. Each prisoner began to wake up. Luo Feng, who sat cross legged for a while, finally opened his eyes and smiled: “Indeed, this is the most energy I’ll be able to absorb in one duration. I absorbed for almost 2 hours until my body was full”

Luo Feng could feel that he had much more power than before.

“After last night, I feel like my fitness level has raised even more than what my coma during exams gave me” Luo Feng thought to himself, “My fist strength would probably be around 1500 kg now, maybe even higher” Only tests could tell how much his strength actually increased.

“Time for breakfast, time for breakfast” Quite a few prisoners left their cells to eat.

Luo Feng jumped off his bed, brushed his teeth, and washed his face in preparation for breakfast.

At this time–

In the hallway, three uniform wearing prisoners walked towards Luo Feng’s cell. One of them yelled: “Baldie Huang, I heard a highly skilled person came into your cell, beating four elite members single handedly”

“Brother Liu, he sure is tough” In Luo Feng’s cell, the bald brute laughed and nodded.

“Oh”

The three prisoners exchanged glances, and one of them said in a low voice: “There’s no mistake. The cell number, age, and strength are all correct. Brother Zhou was talking about him”


Chapter 18: Gang Fight

In the jail.

After eating breakfast, the prisoners started returning to their cells one by one.

In the third cell from the left in the southern hallway, four prisoners lay quietly on their beds. One fatty said in a low voice: “Big Brother, I talked to Boss Li during breakfast and he nodded in agreement. We’ll send three of our professionals. With two of Boss Li’s ‘gorillas’, we’ll have five men. With that, that Luo Feng shouldn’t be a problem”

“Fatty, I heard that Luo Feng could beat four elite members all by himself. He’s quite a tough one” A brawny man with tattoos in the shape of a black dog said quietly.

“Black dog, fatty, other than us, Brother Zhou is sending out cobra. Even if we don’t succeed, cobra definitely will!” A one-eyed middle aged man said quietly.

“Cobra?”

Fatty and the brawny Black Dog were all shocked.

“Yea. In pure coincidence, cobra is also locked up here” The one-eyed man nodded.

“With cobra, there’s no way we can fail” Fatty got excited, “However, what does cobra look like? We’ve never even seen him before”

“We’ll move together. After lunch I’ll negotiate with Boss Li” The one-eyed man said quietly, “Without error, we’ll move together and take action at dinner time! Remember, bring your weapons” However, the weapons this prisoner was talking about were just small blades formed from sharpening a tooth brush…..

Even though there were some strict checks in this jail, it can’t compare at all to a large scale prison.

However, even in a large scale prison, crafty men are almost always able to smuggle guns and ammunition in. No matter how secure the place is, as long as people run it, there’ll be loopholes! Of course, the people in this jail were just some small fry. They were armed with mere blades and glass pieces.

Evening.

“Brother Luo”

“Brother Luo”

As he walked out of his cell, every prisoner he met obediently greeted Luo Feng. Luo Feng’s story of his battle between four elite members has spread around last night. Virtually everybody in the jail knew of this young man’s strength.

In the cafeteria. It’s called a cafeteria, but it’s just a sealed lobby.

Long, stabilized, silver tables, around a couple dozen of them.

“Everything in this jail is pretty good, except the food” Since Luo Feng succeeded in his genetic energy training last night, he has been in a good mood for the entire day. He walked to the counter and received a plastic lunch box from the guards, but only some food like mud was inside it.

As he lowered his head and looked inside, there was only some food like gray mud. When he smelled it, there was the scent of potatoes.

“So this is the legendary raw meal” Luo Feng shaked his head.

It is quite famous. But though it’s called raw meal, it’s actually the undisputed absolute worst food of society. If you eat this raw meal, you only need five cents a day. Just knowing that should tell you enough about the quality of the things inside it.

A silver lobby, a silver table, and a silver lunch box.

A large amount of uniform wearing people came one by one and received their lunch boxes.

Luo Feng sat on the side of the table and lowered his head as he started to eat this raw meal. At this time, a skinny, glasses wearing teenager started cursing, “Even pigs and dogs eat better food than this!” as he ate two bites of the contents of the lunch box next to Luo Feng.

“Hurry, you lost, give me two smokes”

“Whatta ya sayin’”

In the large silver lobby, over a hundred prisoners were talking to each other. It was very messy and chaotic. Two guards stood outside the railing, both holding an assault rifle. They lazily glanced inside and then started laughing and talking with each other. The security camera at the top continuously recorded all of the events of the silver lobby.

[PENG] A one-eyed brute sat at a table three meters to the right of Luo Feng’s. He glanced at Luo Feng and laughed, “You’re Luo Feng?”

Luo Feng looked at the one-eyed brute in the eye: “You are?”

“I’m Long” The one-eyed brute grinned as he laughed.

“One-eyed dragon” A low voice said. A short fat man sat in front of the one-eyed brute. At this time, two brutes sat next to him like steel towers. The two brutes coldly looked into the one-eyed brute. Then, the short fat man laughed coldly, “When we went outside to relax yesterday, your men hit my brother right? Tell us, how are we going to resolve this issue?”

“Fuck off” The one-eyed brute rolled his eye and lectured, “Fatty Li, you better get away from me this instant. If you mess with me, don’t blame me for not holding back”

The short fat man stared coldly and laughed: “One-eyed dragon, it seems like you don’t wanna talk?”

Luo Feng ate two more bites on the sidelines and glanced. He couldn’t help but to be interested. In his point of view….. it was clearly two major powers in the jail about to fight.

“Talk shit. If you still wanna talk, fuck off” The one-eyed dragon’s only eye rolled as he lectured.

“Screw it, attack!”

The short fat man’s face was hideous as he shouted.

Instantly, the two steel tower-like brutes next to him started moving. One of them lifted the long, silver table and slammed it against the one-eyed brute, while the other brute launched a kick like lightning.

“Dare hit our boss!”

“Brothers, let’s go!”

The entire lobby instantly became chaotic.

[PENG!] One of the prisoners lifted the bench and ferociously slammed it on the security camera in the corner. Every time there’s a large scale gang fight in the jail, the first thing you do is break the camera. WIthout concrete evidence, the police naturally can just randomly select prisoners to blame.

In the silver lobby.

“AH!” The one-eyed dragon threw out his right arm and blocked the brute’s kick. However, it was a really powerful kick, so the one-eyed dragon stepped a few steps back, all the way to Luo Feng’s side.

The two steel tower-like brutes quickly pursued.

The men under the one-eyed dragon also rushed towards this direction. Suddenly, Luo Feng was at the center of the gang fight.

“Can’t believe I got messed up in this” Luo Feng could only stand up. He was too lazy to get involved in this. It was at this time that the fatty under the one-eyed dragon’s command rushed towards Luo Feng. He suddenly revealed a blade sharpened from a screw and pointed it at Luo Feng’s waist.

Before that, the one-eyed dragon revealed a small blade in his hand and was getting ready to thrust it at Luo Feng.

“Hm?” Luo Feng suddenly sensed danger. At the same time, he could feel a slight pain in his waist, as if something sharp has pierced his body. However, as Luo Feng tensed his muscles, he leapt up like a leopard and jumped past the table in front. But at this time…..

[HE] [HE]

The two steel tower-like brutes launched their legs like battle axes towards Luo Feng.

“You’re asking for death!” Luo Feng, who understood what was going on in an instant, howled in a loud voice and slammed his two fists against the two legs. The two steel-like tower brutes nicknamed ‘gorillas’ laughed coldly in their hearts. The explosive energy of the legs are way more powerful than the arm’s. Would they even fear Luo Feng?

[PENG] [PENG]

A low striking sound, followed by the sounds of bones breaking. The two ferocious steel tower-like brutes howled in pain. The two of them flew away from Luo Feng’s fists and slammed against a far away table. On the bench and floor, there were bloodstains that could shock you.

“Ahhhh” The two brutes held their legs in pain as they rolled around on the ground.

“What!” The one-eyed dragon along with fatty and black dog who were beside him were all shocked.

At this time.–

[WENG WENG] An ear piercing alarm rang. All the guardsmen in the jail rapidly rushed out of their resting areas to group up as they headed towards the cafeteria.

Luo Feng touched his waist and saw that the blood has stained his uniform. The legends were right, fighters that are capable of genetic energy trainings have fist strengths of three to four thousand kg. A regular, small bullet are incapable of piercing through their muscles. The fatty’s knife only went through Luo Feng’s skin and was stopped by his muscles.

“So you guys were putting on a play”

Luo Feng glanced at the one-eyed dragon and the short fat man, his eyes filled with ferocity, which caused the both of them to go pale from shock.

“Everyone at him, he’s injured!” The one-eyed dragon shouted in rage.

“Everyone together!” The short fat man also howled loudly. As they shouted, they lifted benches to slam Luo Feng with. Following their bosses actions, the other men naturally started to rush together with their own benches.

Luo Feng’s movements were like a phantom’s, his two legs were like cannon shots, kicking every prisoner into the air. For the regular prisoners, Luo Feng wasn’t too cruel, since they were just following orders. However, Luo Feng would not show any mercy to the two leaders and the fatty who stabbed him.

[PU!] Luo Feng’s chop broke the bench in half and his arm slammed on the one-eyed dragon’s, causing him to fly up in the air. His arm made a counter clockwise 90 degree turn.

People were all being launched into the air, benches and tables were being twisted and shattered one by one.

The difference!

This is the difference between a fighter who has trained in the genetic energy techniques and regular aggressive convicts.

As Luo Feng scanned the group of prisoners, the skinny glasses wearing teenager who was silently watching suddenly waved his hand.

“Lay off!”

As a cold light passed through the sky, he was already in front of Luo Feng.


Chapter 19: Awaken

The skinny teenager was Zhi-An region’s famous ‘Cobra’*. His rise to fame is his one handed throwing knife technique. When the other prisoners started mobbing Luo Feng, the cobra teenager searched for the best opportunity to strike. Right when Luo Feng was getting out of hand, he attacked!

The thrown knife was very sinister. As it flew, it was blocked by a prisoner’s body, so Luo Feng didn’t even realize what was coming for him.

TL Note: Cobra in chinese is literally “Glasses snake”.

[XIU!] The knife flew between the gap of a prisoner’s pants who was thrown up by Luo Feng. When Luo Feng saw the knife, it was only 2 meters away!

“Not good!”

“I can’t make it” Luo Feng’s reaction speed was fast, but he didn’t have enough time to move his body out of the way.

The knife wasn’t aiming for any vital organs, but for Luo Feng’s right shoulder.

“NO!” Luo Feng glanced. For a fighter, his arms are extremely important. Luo Feng uses blades and is right handed. If the knife breaks through the joint and splits the bone, then he wouldn’t be able to use his techniques against the beasts for a few months.

In other words, if he gets hit, he wouldn’t be able to participate in the August 1st fighter combat exam; he would have to wait until next year’s February 1st.

“NO! Get out of the way!!!”

With the knife’s speed and the three meter distance, Luo Feng’s thoughts weren’t thinking about the consequences at all. At this exact second, at this crucial moment, Luo Feng’s spirit tightened and all of his muscles were pushed to the extreme. He stared at the knife with only one goal in mind–

Dodge this knife, don’t let this knife hit my shoulder!

[PU!]

The knife, which was right about to hit Luo Feng, strangely and mysteriously slightly changed direction. It was about to make a direct hit with Luo Feng’s shoulder, but now it only grazed it and damaged Luo Feng’s first layer of skin. The blood slowly dyed Luo Feng’s uniform at the shoulder area.

“Everybody down on their knees, everybody down on their knees!”

“Hurry and get down”

At this time, a large amount of assault rifle wielding guardsmen rushed into the lobby. All the prisoners, who were previously out of control, obediently kneeled. Even that skinny ‘cobra’ teenager kneeled. He looked at Luo Feng with a shocked face: “How could this happen, how did my knife miss?”

Seeing the police rush in, even Luo Feng immediately kneeled.

“How did the knife change direction just now?” Luo Feng, who was kneeling, was confused. However, a horrible headache without any prior warnings manifested. The pain was as if someone was pounding a spike into Luo Feng’s brain. The pain caused Luo Feng’s entire body to cramp and he fell on the ground.

“What happened?”

“You guys come look with me”

The police, who already had the situation under control, were astonished at Luo Feng’s look. Luo Feng was completely red and was sweating a lot. Some blood even came out instead of sweat, which caused Luo Feng’s uniform to turn almost completely red. His veins were bursting like a blue snake coiling around Luo Feng, which made him look unprecedentedly hideous.

“Not good, he’s already out”

“Hurry, hurry and send him to the medical room”

Even though Luo Feng lost consciousness, his body was still completely red.

In Luo Feng’s mind.

A huge, mysterious power continuously surged from Luo Feng’s mind and instantly merged with every spot in Luo Feng’s body. Under the baptism of this mysterious power, Luo Feng’s bones, organs, blood, muscles, and skin were undergoing drastic changes. Even every cell was changing rapidly. This rate of change was hundreds to thousands of times faster compared to Luo Feng’s genetic energy training. In theory, such drastic change should tear apart the body.

However, as the mysterious power merged, Luo Feng’s insides were completely unharmed, despite his cramps, loss of blood, etc.

“Hurry, carefully, send him to the medical room” The police started to carry Luo Feng to the medical room.

The mess caused by the large scale gang fight was quickly cleaned out.

8 PM.

In the eerie three story jail, there was a movie being played on a 200 inch screen in the lobby on the first floor.

“Stop”

A middle-aged man said as he sat on the sofa while wearing pajamas. Immediately, the movie being played was paused. At this time, a knocking noise came from outside.

“Come in” The door opened and a man wearing a military uniform came in and greeted, “Officer, we investigated everything about this time’s large gang fight. Zhou Hua Yang organized this to deal with the young man named Luo Feng. However, the result was a large amount of people injured in battle against Luo Feng, some even have major wounds”

“That Zhou Hua Yang kid? Using his Zhou family’s influence, he’s quite cocky” The pajama wearing middle-aged man said indifferently.

“Even though Zhou Hua Yang organized this, we estimate that the young man named Zhang Hao Bai is the true person behind this” The military officer said respectfully, “We flipped through Luo Feng’s files. His reason for being locked up is related to Zhang Hao Bai, so the chances of Zhang Hao Bai asking Zhou Hua Yang for help is quite high”

China has six major cities at the moment.

Since humanity has gathered together like never before, the country’s control over their citizens increased.

“However, officer, our investigation of the gang fight’s battle scene, the metal benches and tables marks show that Luo Feng’s fitness level has no doubt reached a fighter’s” The military officer said with confidence and persuasion. All of the benches and tables in the jail were made out of metal.

Luo Feng’s fists completely deformed the tables and his one chop cut the benches in half.

How fearsome is this!

“A level of a fighter?” The middle-aged man who was indifferent up to now suddenly stood up and frowned as he stared at the officer, “Are you sure?”

“A hundred percent sure!” The military officer replied, “I just called the thunder dojo and the dojo of limits to confirm it. Luo Feng has taken the prospective fighter exam and passed! It’s just that his profile isn’t updated, but I’m sure it will be in these few days”

“A prospective fighter? What did he come running to a jail for if he’s a prospective fighter?” The middle-aged man frowned, “If things really heat up, then there’ll be a huge problem”

All fighters, no matter who, take their rights seriously.

If a fighter suffered losses because of the police system, then all of the fighters will be unhappy. There’ll be big trouble then. Since the police do not have the right to make any sort of detainment against fighters.

“Where is this Luo Feng person?” said the middle-aged man.

“He has had a weird headache sickness since he was young. It happened during his high school exams and now it just happened again. However, everything is fine now. He is still in a coma in the medical room” replied the military officer.

The middle-aged man thought for a bit and ordered: “Immediately bring Luo Feng to the military personnel recuperation region and let him rest! After he wakes up, bring me to make a personal apology. Tomorrow morning, we’ll contact the dojo of limits he resides at and explain everything. We must keep the situation under control! After that, we’ll send him home.

“Yes, officer” the military officer went to carry out his orders and left.

Late night.

Luo Feng’s eyes made a few slight movements and then opened as he sat alone in the gloomy room.

“Where is this?” Luo Feng suddenly came to and scanned the surroundings. The spots on the fence outside the window were clear and the neighbor’s television’s volume was extremely high. Luo Feng could even hear the conversations outside on the side walk.

“No, it’s not that they’re loud, it’s that my hearing has improved by a lot”

Luo Feng got off the bed and stood up. As he walked around in the room, his sight, hearing, and even sense of smell improved by an amazing amount.

Luo Feng’s gaze landed on a stool beside him. WIth a heartbeat, he felt a formless energy instantly take control of the stool. This formless energy was unable to be sensed, but Luo Feng himself could feel it clearly: This formless energy came from his mind.

“What is this power? How did I get this kind of power?” Luo Feng could feel his heart beat faster as he felt the supernatural power act like a formless hand.

[HU!]

At this time of the night, the stool actually started floating.

With Luo Feng’s one thought, the entire bed beside him started floating. He turned his head to a television, and even it started floating too. Soon after were three chairs, a tea making machine, and the cabinet beside him. All of them were floating above the ground.

Very quickly–

Almost everything in this room was floating above the ground, like in space where there’s no gravity.

“I can make all of these things float and yet not feel challenged or tired at all?” Luo Feng slowly walked to the balcony. It was late at night and completely silent. Luo Feng’s gaze landed upon a fence, and with one thought.

[KA!]

One of the columns of the fence started rotating and it detached itself from the fence. The column’s front part, under Luo Feng’s gaze, started twisting and turning and turned sharp; it became a steel needle. All of this was floating in mid air with the formless power.

“Go!” Luo Feng thought.

This column moved like lightning and shot towards a fake mountain in a small region. In amazing speed, the needle pierced through the boulder on the fake mountain. After piercing through, it turned around and flew straight through the hole it made.

[WHOOSH! WHOOSH! WHOOSH!]

The steel needle was like an uncountable number of phantoms as it pierced the fake mountain. As if pierced through a huge amount of armor piercing bullets, the mountain quickly became a sieve.

[PENG!] There was suddenly the sound of an explosion.

The fake mountain that was two to three meter high burst open and became countless, little shattered rocks. The needle that Luo Feng was controlling also blew up and became powder.

“Who’s there?”

[WU WU ~~~ WU WU~~~] The entire recuperation area’s sirens were going off. A large amount of lights were lit up and quite a few assault rifle wielding guardsmen rushed over.

Luo Feng immediately ran back to the bed in his room, still shocked and awed: “That rock which was easily two meters thick was pierced through in an instant! My needle’s power was like a heavy PiMei sniper rifle shooting through armor. The needle wasn’t sturdy enough so it turned into powder as it pierced through the fake mountain”

“I pierced through it a hundred times in just one instant. Wouldn’t that be like shooting a hundred armor piercing bullets ?” Luo Feng took a deep breath, “Just, just what is happening?”

That mysterious, fearsome power, in this regular military recuperation area, has awakened!


Chapter 20: Dark, Golden Ball

No lights were turned on in the gloomy room.

In utter darkness, Luo Feng sat on the sofa. He was unable to calm down: “This power is too powerful. A regular pistol could only make a dent out of that huge boulder. With my needle, I easily destroyed the fake mountain; it’s power is easily tens to hundreds of times stronger!”

In the war between man and beast that has lasted for a couple dozen years, man couldn’t achieve victory because the beasts are too strong.

There are weak and strong monsters in their horde.

Even the weakest monsters can shake off the pistol’s attacks. Even the weakest fighter can block the bullet with just their muscles. For the stronger monsters, even military grade weapons cannot harm them. Only heavy class sniper rifles, huge barreled heavy machine guns, high rate of fire machine guns, cannons, etc, can harm them!

Of course, the top monsters like the ‘Black crowned eagle’ wouldn’t even lose a feather after withstanding a barrage from the 20mm fire-god cannon! That, is truly terrifying.

“I can’t believe I have telekinesis, this, could this be…..” Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat, “Could it be a spirit reader’s ‘spiritual force’?”

Luo Feng knew very little about spirit readers.

However, he knew some basic information. Spirit readers were usually powerful fighters who also trained their genetic energy! However, spirit readers not only train the basic genetic energy, but also their second power–telekinesisThis telekinesis is called by most, ‘spiritual force’.

“However, I’ll have to check later if it’s actually spiritual force” Luo Feng thought.

Luo Feng has only seen one spirit reader since birth.

And that is the mysterious black robed person chief instructor ‘Wu Tong’ called captain in Yang Zhou city’s limit hall.

“The needle’s power was powerful, but it would be no use against the black crowned eagle. Only a high intensity laser cannon or nuclear weapons could pose a threat to them” Luo Feng was clear that, even though his current power was amazing, there are tens to hundreds to thousands of even more powerful existences on earth!

According to the internet, the strongest fighter who slayed the black crowned eagle–

His speed surpasses the speed of sound! He can cut the black crowned eagle in half with just a knife! One kick could destroy a six story apartment!

This is the strongest person within all the fighters.

“The strongest fighter ‘Hong’, the second strongest ‘Thunder God’, are treated as equals by the five major countries!” Luo Feng took a deep breath. For a country to treat one person as an equal, it’s obvious that their powers are insanely high.

“My needle probably can’t even touch their bodies” Luo Feng reminded himself: Even though he was powerful, there are still many other powerful people.

Even though he reminded himself this…..

Those fighters are too far ahead for Luo Feng to comprehend. Luo Feng’s current power is enough for his family to live a great life.

“Work hard!”

“I’m still young, so I might be able to stand in the circle of the strongest fighters in the future” Luo Feng thought with excitement.

…..

In this gloomy room, Luo Feng has awakened, so he was too excited to sleep.

“Whatever, I’m too worked up to sleep now. I guess I’ll do some genetic energy training” Luo Feng got into the Wu Xin Xiang Tian position and closed his eyes to start training.

His body already has some genetic energy and he has previous experience.

So it was very easy to sense the energy.

The genetic energy flowed through his soles, palms, and the artery of his head, “It seems like the rate of absorption is faster today”. The energy followed the five paths into Luo Feng’s body. Every cell in every location gulped down this mysterious energy.

With the mitochondrial conversion, the energy turned into genetic energy.

“Eh? My head…..” Luo Feng could feel that a large amount of energy flowed into his brain and gathered there.

[HONG!]

After something like a tremor of a soul, Luo Feng surprisingly found out….. that his consciousness has moved to a very mysterious place.

This mysterious place had no borders or walls, it was just an infinite expanse of fog. In this fog, there was a dark, golden ball. This dark, golden ball was like a star that slowly rotated by itself, while releasing a stream of fog. This mysterious place’s fog kept increasing.

“This fog….. is, is the spiritual force?” Luo Feng easily felt the energy in the fog; it was his spiritual force that he used to control things.

“Also–”

Luo Feng clearly saw a stream of transparent energy leak into this mysterious place; the energy quickly assimilated into the fog’s energy. Luo Feng could feel that the transparent energy was the cosmic energy.

“This fog is the spiritual force, and this transparent energy is the cosmic energy. The cosmic energy is sucked into here and transformed into spiritual force. My spiritual force extends from my brain” Luo Feng was shocked, “This place is my brain? Or should I say, my conscious realm?”

The conscious realm is a special title fighters use for the mind.

“Why is there a dark, golden ball in the middle of my conscious realm?” Luo Feng observed as this dark golden ball constantly rotated by itself and released the fog (spiritual force). As it released the spiritual force, Luo Feng’s mind was also comfortable.

“This dark, golden ball might be the cause for all my comas” Luo Feng had an intuition.

“A dark, golden ball releasing spiritual force?”

“In the past, I didn’t have any spiritual force. I only had it after this time’s coma” Luo Feng thought, “Then with this time’s coma, this dark, golden ball released a large amount of spiritual force. Not only did it grant me the power of telekinesis, but it also enhanced my body”

His fitness level was strong, but compared to telekinesis, it was nothing.

“RIght”

“When the prisoners were attacking me, one of them threw a knife. That knife suddenly changed direction when it was about to pierce through my shoulder. I guess that was because of my spiritual force” Luo Feng easily deducted the truth from the situation.

Indeed, the dark, golden ball did release a large amount of spiritual force from this time’s coma.

However, when Luo Feng first started doing genetic energy training on his first night in jail, the cosmic energy started triggering changes in his conscious realm. Even without the throwing knife, the dark, golden ball was already releasing a large amount of spiritual force. As time passed, it built up and gave him the power of telekinesis.

The throwing knife attack only caused Luo Feng to awaken earlier.

“There’s a 90% chance that this dark, golden ball was acting up and caused my comas as a result. However, now that the dark, golden ball is constantly releasing spiritual force, I shouldn’t be going into a coma anymore” Luo Feng thought that, like a dam holding back water, the dark, golden ball couldn’t release any spiritual force.

Because of that, Luo Feng had headaches every day. Now that there’s a channel for the water to drain out, there’s naturally no problem anymore.

Dawn of day two. When Luo Feng was leaving the room and went down stairs, he realized there was someone sitting in the lobby.

“Good morning, Mr. Luo Feng” A man in a military uniform stood up and smiled.

“Hello” Luo Feng said suspiciously, “Where is this place, how did I get here? Also, I think I’ve never met you before”

The military officer smiled: “Let me introduce myself. I am Zhi-An region’s jail’s Tong An. This is my Zhi-An region’s military recuperation area. Mr. Luo Feng….. I can’t believe that you already passed the prospective fighter exam. Of course, our jail has no right to keep Mr. Luo Feng here, so Mr. Luo Feng has the right to go home now”

“Go home now?” Luo Feng nodded.

Luo Feng wasn’t surprised, since when he beat up so many prisoners yesterday and especially when he left so many dents on the metal tables, it was easy for people to realize his true strength.

“I want to ask, who was behind all of this?” Luo Feng frowned.

The military officer hesitated.

“If your jail cannot answer, I will contact the dojo of limits and go through Jiang-Nan city’s security agency to find everything out” said Luo Feng. Once this matter goes out, people will know that a prospective fighter was locked up in a jail and mobbed by prisoners and that the jail tried to hide the offenders.

In the higher authorities of the jail, there’ll definitely be trouble.

The military officer laughed: “Don’t rush, Mr. Luo Feng. It’s like this, according to our investigations, a gang leader named ‘Zhou Hua Yang’ organized this attack. According to our investigation, they wanted to break Mr. Luo Feng’s arm and leg”

“Oh?” Luo Feng frowned, “Break my arm and leg? How cruel, they want to take me out? I don’t even know this Zhou Hua Yang, who made him do it?”

The military officer replied: “We have already interrogated Zhou Hua Yang. A teenager named Zhang Hao Bai asked him to do it”

“Zhan Hao Bai?”

Luo Feng’s gaze was cold, “He doesn’t know when to quit!”

“Indeed, he doesn’t” The military officer smiled, “Luo Feng, you can choose to go through Jiang-Nan city’s security agency to detain Zhang Hao Bai. He was the mastermind of a plot to harm a prospective fighter, which is a heavy crime! It’s normal for him to get 20 years in prison”

“Don’t blame me for speaking out of turn, but Zhang Hao Bai’s uncle is also a fighter!” said the military officer, “Luo Feng, you can choose to make his uncle lose face and ask the security agency to detain Zhang Hao Bai….. since the security agency deals with all the fighters’ matters and have immense power. Zhang Hao Bai’s uncle cannot influence the actions of the security agency at all”

“You can choose to make an enemy out of his uncle and deal with Zhang Hao Bai”

“You can also negotiate with him in private and make the Zhang family pay money. All of this will be decided by you, Luo Feng” The military officer smiled, “That’s all I had to say. Your cell phone and other belongings are all right here, Mr. Luo Feng”

Luo Feng nodded.

To negotiate in private and make him pay a large sum of money? Or deal with him regardless of the consequences?

“Hello, Dad” Luo Feng held up the cell phone and called, “I left the jail already and I’ll be home in a bit to eat breakfast! Don’t worry, dad, your son is very strong now, how could there be any problems?”


Chapter 21: Hello, Brother Luo

On the day that Luo Feng was released, the two people Zhou Hua Yang and Zhang Hao Bai were in a room in an exotic tea house.

“Brother Zhou, is something wrong? You called me here so early in the morning” Zhang Hao Bai said in a quiet, low voice, “Did that thing have results? If you did, then rest assured brother Zhou. There is absolutely no problem with the money part” Zhang Hao Bai was looking forward to whether or not Luo Feng’s arm and leg were broken.

Zhou Hua Yang sat there with a gloomy face, not saying anything.

“Brother Zhou?”

Zhang Hao Bai felt that there was something weird with the mood and quietly said, “Brother Zhou, why, why don’t you say anything?”

“Zhang Hao Bai, how cruel. You were tired of living and tried to drag me down with you” Zhou Hua Yang looked coldly at Zhang Hao Bai.

“What, what did I do?” Zhang Hao Bai’s mind was blank as he nervously said, “Brother Zhou, what’s going on? Tell me clearly” Zhang Hao Bai knew that something was off because of Zhou Hua Yang’s attitude and face, but he didn’t know exactly what happened.

Zhou Hua Yang took in a deep breath and said quietly: “Zhang Hao Bai, you told me to break Luo Feng’s leg and arm, right?”

“Yes, what?” Zhang Hao Bai said as he nodded his head.

“Hmph, what?” Zhou Hua Yang said coldly as he sneered, “That Luo Feng you want to deal with, is a prospective fighter!”

“Prospective fighter?” Zhang Hao Bai went completely blank for a moment.

Silence.

The room was completely silent. Zhang Hao Bai’s face was pale and he sat there without moving a hair; balls of sweat constantly leaked out of his forehead.

Zhou Hua Yang laughed coldly on the side as he sipped his tea, not saying anything.

“How could this, how could this happen?” Zhang Hao Bai’s feelings of jealousy were completely gone. The only feeling he had left was fear! His family was rich, so he was clear about the prospective fighters’ privileges….. For him to have sent people to break a prospective fighter’s arm and leg, the prospective fighter can go through the Jiang-Nan city security agency and detain him!

Once he enters the security agency, his life is ruined!

“No, no…..” Zhang Hao Bai’s face was completely pale.

“You’re finally scared and shocked speechless?” Zhou Hua Yang angrily slammed the cup onto the table and yelled, “Fuck, if this piece of trash really wants to die, then don’t drag me down with you! A prospective fighter, you sent me to break a prospective fighter’s arm and leg. If he reports this to the security agency, I’m in big trouble too!”

Zhou Hua Yang angrily clenched his teeth.

“Brother Zhou, what should I do? What on earth should I do?” said Zhang Hao Bai, “I, I don’t want to get captured to the security agency. Tell me, what on earth should I do?”

The security agency…..

For regular citizens, it is a mysterious yet horrifying place. If you get captured by them, your life is practically over.

“Oh yea, brother Zhou, did you rat me out?” Zhang Hao Bai’s eyes flashed. If only Zhou Hua Yang knew that Zhang Hao Bai sent him to do this, then he still has some hope if he didn’t get ratted out.

“What the fuck are you thinking you dog?” Zhou Hua Yang angrily said as he stood up and pointed at Zhang Hao Bai, “The government’s men were interrogating me and I still dare not say? If I don’t, then I’ll die for you!!!”

Zhang Hao Bai froze.

Indeed, if Zhou Hua Yang didn’t tell the truth, then he would be in huge trouble.

“I only came and told you this because we have been together for so many years. At least you’ll know what’s going on when you get captured by the security agency” Zhou Hua Yang sneered, “I advise you to go back and discuss this with your father. Your father has more connections, so he’ll definitely have a higher chance of doing something about this compared to you. Brother….. your brother Zhou won’t stay here any longer, I’ll be going ahead! I already paid the bill, so you don’t have to pay”

After saying that, Zhou Hua Yang directly opened the door and walked out.

Only Zhang Hao Bai was left in the room.

“How could this happen?” Zhang Hao Bai sat on the chair and shaked his head, still unable to believe what was happening, “How, how could he be a prospective fighter! Before high school exams, he only had a fist strength of 800 kg. Just in these few days? How did he become a prospective fighter?”

“No, no, I don’t want to get captured by the security agency”

“Dad, dad….. I need to go find my dad”

Zhang Hao Bai dashed out of the tea house with a pale face and sprinted home as fast as he could.

At home.

Zhang Hao Bai sat on the living room’s sofa with both fists clenched and his body shaking.

[KA!] The door was opened.

“Hao Bai, what did you call me so urgently for? And you even said if I come late, you’ll die?” Zhang Ze Long hastily ran home from the company. When he saw the look on his son’s face, he got goosebumps as he thought, “Not good. This kid Hao Bai must’ve got caught in something huge”

“Dad, I’m in trouble” Zhang Hao Bai lifted his head and looked at his father.

Just these few, simple words–I’m in trouble.

Made Zhang Ze Long’s heart go cold.

“Tell me, exactly what happened. Tell me specifically and leave absolutely nothing out. Say everything clearly” Zhang Ze Long’s expression became serious. Even though he knew there was trouble, he didn’t panic. He did survive through the Grand Nirvana period, so what kind of things hasn’t he seen before?

Zhang Hao Bai took in a deep breath: “It’s like this, last time in our garden, a remodeling company came to move our furniture…..”

From the start to the end, Zhang Hao Bai hid nothing and said everything.

“You, you actually tried to beat up a prospective fighter?” Zhang Ze Long stared.

“I, I didn’t know” When Zhang Hao Bai saw his father stare like this, he panicked, “If I knew, then even if you beat me to death I wouldn’t have done it!”

Zhang Ze Long took in a deep breath, and without saying anything, took out his cell phone to make a call.

[BEEP~~ BEEP~~]

[BEEP!]

This sound came from Zhang Ze Long’s cell phone. Zhang Ze Long couldn’t help but to frown.

“What happened, dad?” Zhang Hao Bai asked.

“I called your uncle, but he’s hunting monsters outside the city” Zhang Ze Long sat on the sofa, “Wait for your uncle to call back”

Outside the city, nobody knows where a monster could be hiding.

So usually, people find a safe area first before contacting people in the city.

One moment later–

“Big bro, what’s wrong?” A low voice rang, “I’m a bit busy right now”

“Hu, this time’s matter is big. Your nephew messed up hard” Zhang Ze Long said, his eyes red.

“What did Hao Bai do? Big bro, tell me, I’m listening” the sound came from Zhang Ze Long’s brother ‘Zhang Ze Hu’.

“It’s like this” Zhang Ze Long immediately repeated everything that his son just told him.

After a brief silence, Zhang Ze Hu’s voice carried over: “Hao Bai this kid, dare cause trouble with a prospective fighter. That was too daring! Okay, from now on, stay home every day Hao Bai. Do not cause anymore trouble outside. And do not make contact with that Luo Feng”

“Ok, uncle” Zhang Hao Bai, as if he was holding on to his last straw, nodded in agreement.

“Okay, you guys don’t do anything” The sound from the cell phone continued, “Wait for me to come home. Even if the security agency comes and captures you, don’t do anything. Wait for me to come back no matter what. My current mission is quite important, so I estimate that I’ll need another one to two months before I can come back”

“Okay” Zhang Hao Bai nodded.

“Rest assured, Hao Bai! You’re my big bro’s only child, I’ll do everything in my power to protect you” The sound from the cell phone continued, “Big bro, my captain is calling me, so I won’t say anymore. Remember, do not do anything and wait for me to come back”

The call ended. It was only now that Zhang Ze Long and Zhang Hao Bai could let out a breath.

The Zhang family was panicking, but the Luo family was happy.

After dinner.

Luo Feng brought his brother Luo Hua downstairs and walked as he pushed the wheelchair.

“Brother, we’ve been living in this area for around a dozen years. Dad and mom have been living here for over twenty years” Luo Hua raised his head and looked at the apartment. The apartment was packed and had little vegetation. “After we leave this place and go into that Ming-Yue area, I want to come out and walk around by myself”

Going up and down the stairs every day was an unbelievably hard task for the handicapped Luo Hua.

“Okay” Luo Feng smiled as he nodded and pushed the wheelchair, “Hua, we’ll finally be exposed to the sun, we finally can get out that small room. and mom and dad finally won’t have to sleep on the couch”

Luo Hua nodded.

They have wished for this day….. for so long.

“Someone’s coming” Luo Hua raised his head and looked forwards. A young teenager wearing glasses smiled as he walked over. He first smiled to the handicapped Luo Hua and then looked at Luo Feng, “Brother Luo, right?”

“You are?” Luo Feng looked at him suspiciously.

The teenage boy smiled; “Hello, brother Luo. My name is Zhou Hua Yang! Does brother Luo have some time for us to find a place and chat?”


Chapter 22: Compensation

“Zhou Hua Yang?” Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat, “So it was him!”

The military officer from the jail said that Zhang Hao Bai asked Zhou Hua Yang to organize the attack.

“You are Zhou Hua Yang?” Luo Feng let out a small smile.

Zhou Hua Yang got goosebumps. He panicked under Luo Feng’s gaze. There was no way he couldn’t panic; if Luo Feng really wanted to deal with him, he would be in huge trouble. Zhou Hua Yang kept his smile on: “Yes, that is me. Brother Luo, shall we go find a place to chat?”

“That’s fine” Luo Feng nodded, “I have some things to say to you too”

On a street not too far from the Southern shore region was a ‘Yang Zhou spa hotel’. This place is quite expensive; even a small suite costs at least a thousand dollars. Luo Feng has heard of this place, but has never actually entered it himself. And this time he brought his brother and Zhou Hua Yang.

The Yang Zhou spa hotel was a place to take baths, wash your feet, and enjoy entertainment all in area.

“Okay, you can go now. I’ll call you if anything comes up” Zhou Hua Yang ordered in a particular room in the spa hotel.

“Yes, mister” The waiter left.

There were three rooms in this suite: A bathroom designed especially for baths, a resting room where you can drink tea and discuss matters, and an entertainment room where you can go on the internet, watch television, and sing.

“Hua, just play in this room, I’m going to discuss some things with Zhou Hua Yang” Luo Feng smiled.

“Go, brother”

Luo Hua moved his wheelchair in front of the computer and was a bit excited, “Wow, a 46 inch flat screen with a voice recognition system. Awesome”

Luo Feng was also amazed, his laptop at home was one of the worst kinds. The controls were still done by hand. However, it was cheap; just a few hundred dollars for one. Now virtually all of the laptops are controlled by voice, and the highest quality ones even had a ‘Three dimensional hologram projection system’

Of course, for a device to be able to project holograms, it would be immensely expensive. For this legendary device, even a rich family would go broke from just buying one.

Luo Hua was excited to use the voice recognition system as he sat in front of the computer. And Luo Feng and Zhou Hua Yang entered the resting room.

[KA] The door was closed and Luo Feng and Zhou Hua Yang sat across from each other.

“Brother Luo, have some tea” Zhou Hua Yang lifted the teapot and, as he poured tea into Luo Feng’s cup, he said with a look of shame, “Brother Luo, I came here to apologize to brother Luo! For this time’s incident…… ugh, Truthfully, I am really sorry and I regret it a lot!”

Luo Feng held his cup as he listened silently.

Zhou Hua Yang……

There are many of these types of people in society. What they do is do tasks for others in return for money. For example, Zhou Hua Yang also did his task for money; he had no grudges against Luo Feng at all. Luo Feng wasn’t that mad towards Zhou Hua Yang. Who Luo Feng truly hated was Zhang Hao Bai.

“Even if that Zhang Hao Bai didn’t find Zhou Hua Yang to deal with me, he would’ve found someone else” Luo Feng thought to himself, “This Zhou Hua Yang is just a middleman. However….. since he came to find me, I might as well see it through”

Zhou Hua Yang saw how Luo Feng was silent and continued talking, “I had no idea about the circumstances when I organized the attack against brother Luo. It was all because of Zhang Hao Bai I did this stupid act! I hope brother Luo can be generous and have mercy on me”

“Mercy?” Luo Feng sneered.

“This is just a tiny gift from me, I hope brother Luo can accept it” Zhou Hua Yang took out an envelope and pushed it across the table towards Luo Feng, “This is a check with brother Luo’s name on it. Only brother Luo can take out this money. You can get the money from any bank”

Luo Feng opened the envelope and there was indeed a check inside. There was a 10 day expiration date and it had his name on it. It even had Luo Feng’s identification number on it.

Of course, the most attractive part of it was that one line–

One million!

“One million?” Luo Feng was slightly startled, for this was a huge amount of money. Luo Feng has never saved over a hundred thousand dollars. Now that Chinese dollars are worth more, one million is a lot to even the CEOs.

“I hope brother Luo can forgive me and let this thing slide by” Zhou Hua Yang pleaded.

A million……

Luo Feng’s family never had this much money before; it would be a waste to not accept it.

“I know you are a middleman, so I won’t make it difficult for you. Okay, I’ll accept the money” Luo Feng nodded and Zhou Hua Yang slightly let out a breath.

“However, getting the money from a check is a bit troublesome. How about this, go through the internet right now and transfer it to my account” said Luo Feng.

“Sure” Zhou Hua Yang was straightforward.

Luo Feng nodded and, with a pen on the side of the table, wrote down his bank account and the address of the bank: “This is my account and the address is here. The person who created the account is me”

“Okay” Zhou Hua Yang took back the envelope and took out his cell phone. Through the cell phone, he quickly got online and entered the bank system. Soon after, the transfer was a success.

Luo Feng felt his phone vibrate in his pocket and opened it. He saw a text message which was a bank notification telling him that his balance has increased by a million dollars.

“Did it transfer successfully?” Zhou Hua Yang smiled.

“Yea” Luo Feng nodded.

Zhou Hua Yang smiled: “Doing stuff with brother Luo is just simple and nice. In this Yang Zhou city, if brother Luo ever has some difficulty, feel free to find me. If I can help, I definitely will. Of course, brother Luo will become a fighter soon, but you never know. If something happens, it might be easier if we deal with it instead”

“Will do. If something comes up I’ll contact you” Luo Feng stood up.

Zhou Hua Yang also immediately stood up, and the two of them shook hands.

“Then I’ll be going first” Zhou Hua Yang smiled, “I already paid the bill for this suite, so brother Luo can play until next morning” Zhou Hua Yang also greeted Luo Feng’s brother ‘Luo Hua’ and then left the suite.

In the entertainment room of the suite.

“Brother, what did that guy want with you?” Luo Hua laughed, “It seems that he’s quite generous”.

“He came to give us money” Luo Feng laughed.

“Give money?” Luo Hua was shocked.

Luo Feng didn’t tell his family of any of the events that occurred in the jail, since he didn’t want them to worry. Luo Feng thought….. that since he has already started the path of a fighter, this path will be filled with trials, dangers, and difficulties, so it would be better to not tell them.

“Yea. Oh, Luo Hua” Luo Feng laughed, “How’s your stock going?” Since Luo Hua is usually home, he took a great interest towards economics, especially towards stock. Don’t underestimate him for being young; he has already been doing this for three years.

“I didn’t earn much the first year, but I earned quite a bit the second year. I quadrupled my principal, so I probably earned twenty thousand dollars” said Luo Hua.

“So much?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Twenty thousand dollars couldn’t shock Luo Feng, but what shocked him was his little brother’s money making efficiency! Quadrupled! This is an amazing rate!

“It’s nothing much” Luo Hua laughed, “When you’re playing with stocks, you first play psychologically and then play mathematically. As long as you control your position well and buy from the right places. It’s easy to control the people behind the scenes….. It’s just that at times, the stock market crashes which affects the psychological factor. Usually people get scared and quit when they don’t make much money on the first year”

Luo Feng’s head was blank as he listened.

“This money making of mine isn’t much. The true professionals could probably earn around 10-20 times more than I can by using contracts. Of course, there’s a huge risk in doing that and if something goes wrong, everything is over” Luo Hua shaked his head as he said that.

Although Luo Feng didn’t understand this…..

he did understand one point: stock relies on compounding interest.

For example, his brother took three years to make a few thousand into twenty thousand. If he started off with a million, then he could have turned it into four million. If he had four million, it could turn into 16 million.

As the money compounds on itself, it starts to get out of proportion.

“Hua, I’ll give you five hundred thousand later” Luo Feng laughed, “Keep working”

“Five hundred thousand?” Luo Hua’s eyes flashed, “The stocks are plummeting at the moment, so I might be able to make a huge profit”. After living with his brother for so many years, he found out a long time ago…. that Luo Hua was always hoping for the stock market prices to drop. Their neighbor, uncle Wang, always hoped for it to raise.

His brother tried to make money while uncle Wang tried to pay back money.

“The professionals always hope for the stocks to drop?” Luo Feng thought to himself.

“Oh yea, brother, where did you get that money from?” Asked Luo Hua.

“From that Zhou Hua Yang guy just now” Luo Feng laughed, “You can go use this money. After I become a fighter, there’ll be tons of money to earn”. A regular fighter doesn’t earn that much, but….. Luo Feng was aware of his strength. Just that telekinesis trick is already superior to a heavy machine gun!

Bullets fly in one, straight line, while Luo Feng’s objects can change direction at will.

“After I pass my fighter combat exam on August 1st, I’ll begin my fighter career” Luo Feng picked up a tea cup with his right hand but accidently broke it; tea poured all over the floor.

Luo Hua, who was next to him, was surprised: “Brother, what’s wrong?”

“Nothing” Luo Feng shaked his head and laughed.

However, he thought to himself: “In jail, after training my genetic energy, my power rose by a huge margin. After my power awakened, my power increased even more! Right now, my strength and speed are far beyond what they were before. However, such rapid growth isn’t such a good thing either. I can’t control my power well”

Accidentally crushing the tea cup shows that he doesn’t have enough control over his power.

“Hm, I’ll go to the dojo of limits tomorrow morning. Starting from today until August 1st, which gives me around 20 days, I’ll seriously train. I’ll train and gain control over my speed and power so I can bring out my own strength more” Luo Feng thought to himself.


Chapter 23: Ghost blade

5 AM of the second day. While it was still dawn, Luo Feng was already rushing towards the dojo of limits.

Since he still hasn’t received his prospective fighter certificate, he used his old ‘dojo elite member’ identification to enter the dojo.

“Brother”

“Good morning, brother”

Inside the dojo of limits, there were quite a few members already training. Luo Feng slightly smiled and nodded, and then sprinted towards the elite member’s building. Since he still doesn’t have his prospective fighter certificate, he can only go up to the third floor: the elite member training hall. He had no right to go to the fourth floor, which is the instructor’s region.

“HA!” A sound came from the training hall.

Luo Feng looked in and saw a white robed teenager swinging around an iron spear.

“Brother Tie*” Luo Feng called loudly, “Coming this early in the morning to practice? How rare”

*TL note: Tie means Iron

“Crazy” The white robed teenager stopped and looked at Luo Feng with a face of happiness, “How come you came here? Haha, oh right, I should congratulate crazy for passing the prospective fighter exam”

“How did you know that?” Luo Feng was surprised.

Few people should know of the fact that he passed the prospective fighter exam.

“Last night, our teacher told us when he was teaching. He told us that you and brother Yang passed the prospective fighter exam” The white robed teenager helplessly rubbed his forehead, “Seeing how you two passed, I certainly have no time to relax. So that’s why I came here early in the morning to practice”

Luo Feng nodded.

So it was the teacher who told them. Even though there were around thirty thousand members in the dojo of limits, there were only six teachers! And there was only one instructor! When the teachers teach, they usually do it in the huge training halls where thousands of members can attend at the same time.

Of course, there was no need to teach the elite members, since there were only a handful of them in the entire dojo.

“Crazy, you passed the exam already. What’re you here for this early in the morning?” The white robed teenager laughed.

“August 1st, the fighter combat exam. I need to prepare myself” Luo Feng laughed and headed towards the weapons room at the side of the training hall, which was opened.

After entering the weapons room, there were a large assortment of weapons on the shelves: blades, spears, rods, bars, axes, swords, pikes, etc. Each category of weapons had even smaller divisions within. For example, the knives had one handed knives and two handed knives. And the one handed knives even had more divisions. “The ghost series” Luo Feng opened up a cabinet where a large amount of identical blades lay. Of course, these blades were ‘copies’, so they had the exact same model, weight, and center of gravity as the real blade. There was only a difference in the quality of the material. A real blade that can kill monsters is probably priced around the hundred thousands, while these copies only costed a couple hundred, so they’re quite cheap.

Luo Feng picked out a certain blade: a 2nd series ghost blade. The blade was 78 cm long and the entire thing was 101 cm long. It was 5.2 cm wide and the back of the blade was thick. The tip of the blade was sharp and suited for stabbing.

“Hm?” Luo Feng swinged twice and frowned, “I’ve been using this blade for so long. However….. it feels so light”

A blade that he was used to swinging was now weightless.

“I need a heavier blade to correspond with my increase in power” Luo Feng picked another 2nd series ghost blade and swung it around “Nope, still too light”

“This one isn’t heavy enough”

“Light, too light”

Luo Feng picked out the heaviest 2nd series ghost blade and shook his head, “Looks like my strength really increased too much. I can’t find a blade in this elite member’s weapons room that suits me” Luo Feng could only leave the 3rd floor and go to the 4th.

“The 4th floor is where the teachers and instructors frequently go to” Luo Feng knew that there was also a training hall and weapons room in there, “Prospective fighters also have the right to enter, but I still don’t have my prospective fighter certificate. Not sure if I’m allowed to be here”

At the side of the staircase, there was a veteran on duty in a small room.

“Hm? What are you doing. This place is not for students” The old on duty veteran stood up and suddenly let out a face of surprise and laughed, “Oh, it’s Luo Feng. I heard from instructor Jiang that you passed the prospective fighter exam. Haha, come on in”

“Thank you, uncle Li” Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief.

If this uncle Li was strict and forced Luo Feng to show his prospective fighter certificate, then Luo Feng wouldn’t have been able to go in. From the law’s point of view, Luo Feng is still not a prospective fighter.

There were tons of decorations in the 4th floor’s training hall, along with much higher quality machines and devices.

At this time, there was only Luo Feng in the training hall.

“What a waste, truly a waste” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to shake his head as he sighed, “In this dojo, there are only six teachers. Other than when they teach, they usually train at the limit hall. There’s such a good place here, but it’s almost always empty”

Luo Feng shook his head as he entered the weapons room to the side.

The weapons here were also copies, but they were clearly much better than the ones on the 3rd floor.

“2nd series ghost blade. Yup, these blades are much heavier” Luo Feng picked one and swung it around and then picked another one. After five tries, he finally found a suitable one. He looked at the label and saw that it had a weight of–101kg

“What, 101 kg?” Even Luo Feng was startled, “Such a heavy blade feels so easy to control to me?”

The ghost blades were a type of blades that rely on speed, so they were usually lighter.

To need a weight of 101 kg, how much has his strength actually increased?

“Looks like my body fitness really did raise by a startling amount. I’ll go check my fist strength and speed later” Luo Feng was a bit excited, “Now, I’ll practice the basics”. After selecting a suitable blade, he picked a hexagonal shield.

……

In the training hall, Luo Feng’s left arm wielded the shield while his right hand wielded the ghost blade.

[HE!]

[HA!]

Luo Feng was practicing the most basics of blade wielding–horizontal cuts, upwards cuts, swinging, rapid cuts….. Each of them were extremely precise. Everytime Luo Feng swung his blade, his center of gravity wasn’t affected at all. He kept practicing like this and improved himself.

“My power is too great now so I can’t control my swinging power too well” Luo Feng knew his own problems.

“My strength is great, but I have to be able to use it” Luo Feng was clear.

Even if your fitness level is greater than your opponent’s, that doesn’t mean your skill is.

Some people can only express 30% of their strength.

Some people can express 505, 60%, 70%, and even 100%. Some of the grandmaster class bladesman can use a small amount of power to kill a being that’s ten times stronger than him. This is the importance of skill and experience.

Of course–

If there’s too much of a difference in body fitness level, then even skill cannot make up for that. Simply put, no matter what, you have to train in order to bring out your body’s full power.

“Instructor” The on duty uncle Li greeted loudly on the 4th floor.

“Who’s inside?” asked instructor Jiang Nian. He heard a bunch of faint sounds from the training hall, which were the sounds of a blade causing shockwaves in the air due to its incredible speed. Just the sound alone is enough to know that the person wielding it is a fighter.

“It’s Luo Feng” uncle Li laughed.

“Luo Feng?” instructor Jiang Nian laughed and walked towards the training hall.

As he stood at the entrance to the training hall, he watched Luo Feng’s movements, which were by the book, basic movements. Sometimes he would cut ahead, suddenly dash forwards, dodge, backstep, etc. The movements were all very smooth and connected.

“Hm, what a solid foundation” instructor Jiang Nian couldn’t help but to nod and praise in his heart, “Only by mastering the basics can you get better. There are no clear weak points, great”

The more he watched the more pleased he became.

“Ah, instructor” Luo Feng turned and realized instructor Jiang Nian was there and stopped.

Instructor Jiang Nian laughed and walked in: “Luo Feng, nice skill. You’ve been training since you were young?”

“Yes, before I enrolled in the dojo, I practiced alone at home” Luo Feng laughed. Instructor Jiang Nian nodded his head in satisfaction, but his expression suddenly froze as he saw the ghost blade Luo Feng was holding; his eyes widened and became huge.

“Instructor, instructor?” Luo Feng was startled by the instructor’s expression.

“You, you…..” instructor Jiang Nian looked at Luo Feng with surprise, “You were just swinging a 101 kg ghost blade?”

“Ye, yes” Luo Feng was frozen.

Instructor Jiang Nian shaked his head: “Impossible, impossible….. there’s no way” but soon after, instructor Jiang Nian’s eyes flashed and he stared at Luo Feng as if he was a jewel, “Luo Feng, hurry and go to that fist strength tester machine over there and show me the results! I want to see exactly how strong you are now”.


Chapter 24: Enthusiastic Jiang Nian

“His fist strength during the prospective fighter exam was around 1100 kg. In just these few days he was able to grow to the point where he can easily wield the 101 kg ghost blade? Doesn’t that mean his strength just jump up by a couple times?” instructor Jiang Nian took in a deep breath.

Ever since he became the dojo instructor, Jiang Nian’s ‘Dojo Contribution’ was lowering.

All the fighters in the dojo of limits highly value dojo contribution.

The fastest way to raise contribution is to kill monsters. However, Jiang Nian hasn’t hunted for a long time.

“If I’m right, then Luo Feng must’ve grasped the techniques to genetic energy training faster than most fighters” thought Jiang Nian, “Maybe I’ll have the chance to get headquarters to send a few people here. If I can recommend Luo Feng, then not only will I be able to get more dojo contribution, but I’ll also have a face to show in front of the other instructors!”

Jiang Nian couldn’t help but to be excited.

“Luo Feng, give me your strongest punch!” ordered Jiang Nian.

“Yes, instructor”

Luo Feng stood in front of the fist strength tester machine and took in a deep breath as he thought, “My physical prowess is nothing compared to my spiritual force though”. Luo Feng didn’t plan on hiding any strength back, so he adjusted his breathing and pushed forward like a dragon.

[HONG]

The fist landed like a missile on the machine, which shook violently in response.

[DI!]

“How much?” Jiang Nian immediately ran over and looked at the machine’s display. Luo Feng also looked at the display, since he had no idea how strong he was right now.

The machine displayed a clear number–‘3109kg’

“3109 kg?” Jiang Nian took in a deep breath and turned to Luo Feng like he was a monster.

Luo Feng was also surprised at this number; his strength increased by so much: “I was around 1100 kg during the prospective fighter exam. My strength increased the fastest when I did my genetic energy training, so it probably raised to around 1500 to 1800 kg. After I awakened, my body became even stronger and jumped all the way to 3109 kg?”

Ever since he awakened, Luo Feng could feel the change in his body, but he never had a clear number to express it.

“Luo Feng, you, you succeeded in your genetic energy training?” asked Jiang Nian.

“Yes. After the prospective fighter exam, my first attempt at genetic energy training was a success” nodded Luo Feng.

Jiang Nian couldn’t help but to clap and shout: “Haha, I finally have a truly genius person come out from my Zhi-An region’s dojo. Just with his first time at genetic energy training, his strength went from 1100 kg to 3100 kg. For his strength to go up that much, there’s probably at most one or two geniuses like this in the entire Jiang-Nan city!”

When you start genetic energy training for the first time, it’s a completely new experience to your body.

Since your body has never absorbed anything like it before, it has ‘hungered’ for dozens of years. So the first time you do it, the results are the most startling!

Starting from the 2nd time and on, the changes are small. You need years and years of training to improve yourself. This first time of training….. also shows someone’s fitness level. Some people’s strength raise by 300 kg, which is normal. Above average would be around 600 kg.

Some even raise by 1000 kg….. which was already considered elite.

And Luo Feng rose by 2000 kg!!! This is true genius!

“Luo Feng, come and test your speed. Afterwards, test your reaction speed” Jiang Nian, as if he just found a gem, couldn’t wait to test its powers.

“Yes, instructor” Luo Feng was also a bit excited.

The results soon came out.–

Strength–3109kg

Speed–58m/s

Reaction speed–Beginner warrior full pointsIntermediate warrior excellent

“Haha, a monster came out of my Zhi-An region too” Jiang Nian looked at the final grade on the reaction speed test and turned red with excitement and patted Luo Feng’s shoulder “Luo Feng, your instructor’s dojo contribution will be relying on you”

Luo Feng only chuckled a bit.

“Luo Feng, with the improvement in your strength, I can let you join the dojo early” Jiang Nian said, “You don’t need to go through the fighter combat exam, you can join right now!”

“Join the dojo of limits?” Luo Feng was suspicious.

Usually, you only get a right to join a power after becoming a fighter.

“Luo Feng, since you came out of my Zhi-An region’s dojo of limits, I am technically the person who lead your way” instructor Jiang Nian patted Luo Feng on the shoulder and laughed, “I won’t hide it from you. With your first time doing genetic energy training, your strength rose over 2000 kg. And your speed and reaction speed also improved by a huge amount. It’s easy to tell

–your talent is genius levelor should I say monster level. In the entire 200 million population of Jiang-Nan city, there’s probably only one or two people who are this talented”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to laugh inside…..

Monster level?

Only Luo Feng knew that his fist strength rose by only around 600 kg after his first time doing genetic energy training. Only after he awakened was his strength able to raise to this startling amount.

However–

Jiang Nian couldn’t have thought of that, since genetic energy training is the cause of a normal fighter’s highest raise in strength!

“Geniuses like you will naturally be scouted by the Thunder Dojo, underground gangs, and other families after you finish your fighter combat exam” Jiang Nian laughed, “At that time, you might find their generous conditions to be alluring”

Luo Feng realized, yes, if only one or two monsters like this appear in the entire population of 200 million in Jiang-Nan city, then who wouldn’t try to fight over them?

“So if I let you join now, isn’t that even better?” instructor Jiang Nian laughed, “Of course, no need to worry. Our conditions aren’t bad at all! A normal fighter usually gets a private villa and a hundred thousand chinese dollars. Luo Feng, you need to watch your money. The armor, weapons, guide books, and some other special weapons, along with lessons from powerful fighters, all need money”

Luo Feng nodded.

“For a genius like you, we’ll give you a private villa along with 20 million dollars! To let you buy the armor and weapons and everything you need. At the same time, we the dojo of limits will also give you a free Dao Yin technique, a hidden blade scroll, and a hidden agility scroll. As long as the price of these three are lower than 50 million, we’ll give it to you for free. If it’s over 50 million, then you’ll have to pay the extra”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to take a deep breath.

Holy!

Normal fighters only get a million, while he is getting almost 70 million! Since the Dao Yin techniques, and blade and agility guides were important to fighters.

“Luo Feng, those three things shouldn’t be over 50 million. However, if you buy them from a different place, you might end up paying two times more” Jiang Nian smiled, “The fighters of the dojo of limits have a discount when buying certain scrolls. Of course, to buy a certain level of scrolls also require a corresponding level of dojo contribution! If you don’t have the contribution, you can’t get the scrolls even if you have money. Of course, your free gifts won’t ask for any dojo contribution”

Luo Feng realized that the conditions given to him were extremely extravagant.

“My dojo of limits’ conditions towards geniuses are all the same” Jiang Nian smiled, “In the dojo of limits, you can earn other comrades’ help from all over. And our leader, the strongest fighter Hong, will also sometimes lead a bunch of true elites.

Luo Feng has lived in this age for quite a while, so he was clear on the influence of the dojo of limits!

Joining the dojo of limits was definitely a good choice.

“Okay, instructor. I accept” Luo Feng nodded.

“Haha” Jiang Nian laughed, “Of course, I don’t have the right to let you join the dojo of limits immediately….. Accepting fighters of your talent needs headquarters themselves to test you” As he said that, Jiang Nian took out a cell phone from his pocket and quietly said ‘Headquarters’, which made the cell phone dial them.

Shortly after–

A person appeared on the cell phone’s screen.

“Jiang Nian, what’s up?” The screen’s old, bald veteran laughed. “Uncle Bai” Jiang Nian said excitedly, “I found a genius fighter in my Zhi-An region. His fist strength increased by 2000 kg after his first time doing genetic energy training. His speed is 58 m/s and his reaction speed test was excellent in an intermediate warrior exam! Surely he’s a monster level genius”

“Oh?” The old, bald veteran was surprised and asked, “His first time and it improved his strength by 2000 kg? How old is he?”

The older you are, the less worth you are to nurture.

“18 years old!” Jiang Nian answered.

“What, only 18 years old?” The old, bald veteran suddenly stood up and shouted, “Hurry up and bring him to headquarters here you kid! I’ll immediately organize a test for this kid”

“Okay, I’ll go to headquarters immediately”

Jiang Nian hung up and turned to Luo Feng smiling, “Luo Feng, come with me now to headquarters”

“Yes, instructor. Instructor, I’ll put the ghost blade and hexagonal shield back into the weapons room” right when Luo Feng spoke, Jiang Nian was tugging at Luo Feng: “Who cares about the room, just leave it on the floor. Hurry, don’t waste time”

As he said that, Jiang Nian pulled Luo Feng and rushed towards the staircase, at the same time, Jiang Nian ordered: “Old Li, I probably won’t have any time today, so cancel tonight’s lessons”

“Yes, instructor” Uncle Li nodded, and right when he said that.

Jiang Nian and Luo Feng were no longer in his field of vision.


Chapter 25: A fighter’s level

Instructor Jiang Nian used his fighter privileges to ride the train headed towards the main section of the city without buying a ticket. Jiang-Nan city was made up of the main section and eight surrounding sections.

The means of transportation between the sections is a train. When a regular person wants to ride the train, they have to buy a ticket three days prior. A ticket is also extremely expensive. And to go from one city to another….. would be unthinkable for most people due to the price. Most of the 200 million residents will never leave Jiang-Nan city.

Jiang-Nan city, main section.

Jiang Nian and Luo Feng walked side by side on the sidewalk.

“Luo Feng, notice any difference between the main section and our Yang-Zhou?” Jiang Nian smiled as he pointed around. Luo Feng looked around and shaked his head, “Not really, it’s just that there are more people, more cars, and that there’s a larger sidewalk. Everything else is normal”. Indeed, there was nothing special about their current location.

Jiang Nian smiled: “Right now, there’s not much of a difference. But soon you will see it”

“Hello?” Jiang Nian answered his cell phone.

“Jiang Nian, how much longer until you get here?” The old veteran appeared on the cell phone’s display.

“We’ll be there within 10 minutes” Jiang Nian smiled.

“Okay, I already got all of the main authorities here, so don’t mess up later” reminded the old, bald veteran.

“The main authorities?” Jiang Nian was surprised.

As they were talking. Luo Feng noticed a large area in front of him. There was a white, silver wall stretching across and a huge, tall, dark blue skyscraper. This skyscraper had four gigantic letters that could be seen miles away

–Dojo of Limits*

*TL note: chinese: Oޕ^

“This is the main headquarters of the dojo of limits! Our headquarters in Jiang-Nan city” said Jiang Nian.

“There sure are a lot of soldiers” Luo Feng took in a deep breath.

Outside the walls of the dojo of limits headquarters, there were tons of soldiers wielding real guns. The feeling that the headquarters gave you was like a fully armed beast. And at the main gate, there were rows of soldiers that spanned across a hundred meters.

“This is our dojo of limits’ army” Jiang Nian smiled, “Security is high inside the building too”.

“Go, enter” Jiang Nian brought Luo Feng towards the main gate.

“Let them in!” A one-armed man with scars on his face waved his hand, and all the soldiers backed up a step. The entire process made Luo Feng hold his breath.

The one-armed man smiled as he looked at Jiang Nian: “Old Jiang, it’s been a while since you’ve been here. We should drink a bit together later”

“Okay” Jiang Nian smiled and nodded. He then glanced at Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, he is your senior, greet uncle Lu”

“Uncle Lu” Luo Feng loudly greeted. He could feel that this one-armed man is a powerful fighter.

“Not bad, kiddo” the one-armed man nodded as he smiled.

“We’re in a hurry, so we’ll talk later. Uncle Bai is waiting for us in there” Jiang Nian immediately brought Luo Feng into the courtyard of the headquarters, which looked like a gigantic park. There were flowing rivers, fake mountains, and flowerbeds everywhere. And Luo Feng could sense that every person he walked past was special.

Jiang Nian sighed as he walked with Luo Feng: “That uncle Lu just now is one of my good friends who would fight with his life on the line with me back in the days. He is a good friend who has went through many hardships. His arm was broken off by a black, steel gorilla in one hit”

Luo Feng listened silently.

“The fighters in our dojo of limits are very united” Jiang Nian pointed towards the skyscraper, “Look, that building is the headquarters for the fighters of the dojo of limits in Jiang-Nan city! Virtually every person that walks out of that building is a fighter”

“Virtually every single one?” Luo Feng gasped.

Looking through the glass of the building, there were almost a hundred people inside.

“There is a good 200 million population in Jiang-Nan city, how could we be short on fighters?” Jiang Nian laughed, “In this building, the 1st floor is the lobby is for chatting and eating. The 2nd to 9th floors are used for warrior level training. The 10th to 19th floors are for the general level fighters. And for 20 and above….. is where conferences are held.

Luo Feng, a bit confused, asked: “Instructor, fighters are split into warrior and general levels?”

“Fighters are mainly split into the warrior level, the general level, and the extremely rare battle lord level!” Jiang Nian explained quietly, “Most people are in the warrior level! Many fighters stay in the warrior level forever. And the warrior level is split into beginner warrior, intermediate warrior, and elite warrior. Most of the fighters who just passed their exams belong to the beginner warrior level!”

“Luo Feng, with your current strength, you’re probably an intermediate warrior” Jiang Nian said.

Luo Feng nodded.

Looks like with his strength, he’s still at the bottom level of the fighters.

“You can probably kill warrior level fighters with heated weapons”

“But you can’t kill most general level fighters with heated weapons” Jiang Nian said, “For example, if you fire a heavy machine gun at a general level fighter, he can easily dodge using just his speed and reaction speed! The general level fighters are considered as the elites”

“Even though you have good talent, you’re still young, so you’re just a rookie” Jiang Nian laughed.

Luo Feng could only rub his forehead.

Luo Feng knew a lot about the powerful fighters. For example, the fighter who cut the black-crowned golden eagle in half on television….. Even with his spiritual force, he probably couldn’t even touch a hair.

“Those above the general level are the battle lords!” Jiang Nian spoke in admiration, “Those are the truly powerful warriors! Each one can easily walk in a storm of bullets. Their speed is as fast as lightning and their reaction speed is even more incredible. A punch or kick from them can destroy an entire apartment. Battle lord! This is a battle lord”

Luo Feng listened with his breath holded.

Warrior….. General….. Battle lord!

With his current level, he’s only an intermediate warrior! Maybe after using his spiritual force, his strength will increase and he might have a chance of getting into the general level.

“Instructor, are there any higher levels than the battle lord?” asked Luo Feng.

“Yes”

Jiang Nian smiled and nodded, “There are existences above the battle lord level. Each one of them has a sky shattering, earth shaking power! When faced with such fighters, even countries have to respect them. However, there are barely any people like this. Even our entire country of China has two or three people like this.

Luo Feng was stunned.

Even China, one of the five countries, only had two or three people above the battle lord level?

“So the fighters are usually split into the warrior, general, and battle lord categories!” explained Jiang Nian, “Of course, the world uses your fist strength, speed, and reaction speed to gauge your strength. They also use your battle records!”

“Battle records?” Luo Feng was confused.

“Yes. Luo Feng, with your current fitness level, you should be at the intermediate warrior level! However, after you become a fighter, you’re technically a beginner warrior! Only after you kill enough monsters and powerful monsters will you be able to qualify as an intermediate warrior” Jiang Nian sighed, “Since some people have better technique while others have better fitness levels. Others have all sorts of tricks up their sleeves. So to gauge their strength, the only standard is the battle record!”

Luo Feng nodded.

Yes….. even if their body fitness levels are worlds apart, a person with a lower fitness level can still kill a person with a higher one!

“Keep working and get to the general level! Then you’ll be the pride of our Yang-Zhou city” Jiang Nian laughed, “Brother Yan Luo who came to find me last time is a general level fighter”

“Oh” Luo Feng slightly nodded.

If he used his spiritual force, how strong would he be? Would he be able to compare to a general level fighter? Only time will tell.

…..

As Luo Feng and Jiang Nian talked, they quickly arrived at a three story villa. This villa took up a huge amount of space. A bald, old veteran yelled from the balcony of the second floor: “Jiang Nian, hurry up and come up”

“Come, go up with me”

Jiang Nian brought Luo Feng and quickly entered the villa.


Chapter 26: Zhu Ge Tao

The second floor of the villa was completely empty and clearly smaller than Yang Zhou’s Zhi-An section’s dojo of limit’s training hall.

“Chief” Jiang Nian loudly greeted as he entered the second floor.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng was slightly surprised, instructor Jiang Nian never greeted anyone like this, not even chief instructor ‘Wu Tong’.

“Jiang Nian, this young man is Luo Feng right” said the soft voice.

“Yes, chief” Jiang Nian respectfully responded.

Luo Feng looked around carefully. There were five people standing beside the bald, old veteran. Four of them wore white suits. The four of them stood behind a black Tang suit wearing middle-aged man. This man was skinny, had a hooked nose, and his eyes were filled with warmth and happiness; he gave off a vibe of kindness.

Jiang Nian immediately glared at Luo Feng, which caused Luo Feng to realize: “Hello, chief”.

“Yep”

The middle-aged man slightly nodded and spoke, “Old bai, you guys can start. Assess this young man’s strength”

“Certainly” uncle Bai also responded respectfully.

Luo Feng muttered to himself: “Instructor Jiang Nian didn’t greet chief instructor ‘Wu Tong’ like this. This uncle Bai, who has a high position at the dojo of limits headquarters, also treats this chief respectfully….. Just who is this chief?”

Nevertheless, it is clear that the chief is a man of high authority.

[DI!]

All the switches on the fist strength tester machine and the speed tester machine were turned on.

[WU~~]

All the security cameras on the second floor’s training hall were turned on to record Luo Feng’s performance. The four men and women in white suits immediately started moving, whether it was using their laptops or personally checking if the machines were in good condition.

“Uncle Bai, no problems” said a young woman.

“Okay” Uncle Bai looked towards Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, begin testing. First start with strength”

Luo Feng took in a deep breath and headed towards the fist strength tester. Whether it was Jiang Nian, uncle Bai, the four white suits wearing men and women, or the high chief, all of their gazes landed upon Luo Feng. Luo Feng, who seemed relaxed, suddenly exploded like a panther.

[PENG!] The explosive fist landed on the machine.

Luo Feng immediately looked at the display–‘3110kg’

“Not bad, kiddo” The silent chief smiled and nodded, “Next category”

The results for speed and reaction speed soon came out.

Speed–58m/s

Reaction speed–beginner warrior, perfect score. Intermediate warrior, excellent

[Phew]

Luo Feng walked out of the red circle of the reaction speed tester and let out a breath after seeing his scores were normal, “Not bad, good thing I didn’t mess up at the most important time”. Jiang Nian, who was next to Luo Feng, also relaxed. Since some people can’t show their true skill when affected by too much pressure.

“Out of the three, reaction speed is the best” The Tang suit wearing middle-aged man smiled and nodded.

“He’s also 18 years old, which is in the restricted range”

The Tang suit wearing middle-aged man looked at Jiang Nian and smiled, “A genius has came out of your Zhi-An section. Good work, Jiang Nian”

Jiang Nian couldn’t help but to show a face of happiness: “As long as Luo Feng works hard enough”

“Yup”

The Tang suit wearing middle-aged man’s gaze landed on Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, are you willing to join my dojo of limits? I’m sure Jiang Nian has already told you all of the conditions”

“I am willing to join” Luo Feng had no hesitation.

“Very good”

The Tang suit wearing middle-aged man clapped his hands, “According to the rules, you can pick a villa either here in the main sector or in Yang-Zhou city. You have the right to live there but not to sell it. All of the villas in our dojo of limits area are all inhabited by fighters”

“Other than that, you get 20 million dollars! You also get the Dao Yin technique, the blade scroll, and the agility scroll as long as they are below 50 million” The Tang suit wearing middle-aged man laughed, “Am I right?”

“Yes” Luo Feng nodded.

The Tang suit wearing middle-aged man looked towards a white suit wearing woman: “Go get the contract, but change one of the points. Luo Feng can pick any Dao Yin technique, agility scroll, and offensive scroll. As long as they are within another 50 million, they’re all free. I’ll pay for it”

“Yes, chief” The white suit wearing woman looked at Luo Feng in shock and went to get the contract.

“Chief…..” Luo Feng was shocked.

Before, the three scrolls had to be below 50 million. Now the cap is raised by another 50 million, and the chief is paying for it.

“Luo Feng, you’re not bad” the Tang suit wearing middle-aged man smiled, “I like you, don’t mind this small change”

“Small change?” Luo Feng was surprised.

From 50 million to 100 million, in other words, this chief has to pay millions. And that is small change? Even a general level fighter probably doesn’t have this much to spare.

“Thank you, chief” thanked Luo Feng.

The Tang suit wearing middle-aged man smiled. The contract was brought over and quickly signed by the Tang suit wearing middle-aged man. The white suit wearing woman carried the contract and pen over to Luo Feng, “Sign here, here, and here”

Luo Feng scanned the contract. The contract was crystal clear; all of the points were straightforward. There was none of that headache causing business jargon. Luo Feng signed.

“Welcome, Luo Feng, to our dojo of limits family!” the Tang suit wearing middle-aged man smiled and extended his hand.

Luo Feng did the same, and they shook hands.

“From today on, you can move in to the fighter’s villa area” the Tang suit wearing middle-aged man smiled, “As for your money and scrolls, you’ll receive them when you officially become a fighter. Your money will be transferred to your fighter account”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Oh, right, my name is Zhu Ge Tao. Don’t forget that, kiddo” the Tang suit wearing middle-aged man smiled, and soon left the building with the four white suit wearing men and women.

The second floor of the villa was empty; only uncle Bai, Jiang Nian, and Luo Feng were left.

“Phew, my breathing was a bit tense with the chief’s presence” Jiang Nian laughed loudly.

“I also had no idea that the chief would come” said uncle Bai.

Luo Feng asked with uncertainty, “Instructor, uncle Bai, just who is this chief?”

“Haha, kiddo, you’re in luck. The chief saw your instructor and raised your cap by another 50 million” uncle Bai looked at Luo Feng, “But the thing that surprises me the most is that the chief told you his name! Looks like he really does like you”

“Name?” Luo Feng didn’t realize what it meant for the chief to give someone his name.

Luo Feng had no initial reaction after hearing the name Zhu Ge Tao. He just sighed to himself…… the name ‘Zhu Ge’ is quite rare.

“Luo Feng, using our words, that instructor is one of the Big Four of our Jiang-Nan dojo of limits” Jiang Nian smiled.

“Big Four?” Luo Feng was startled.

Uncle Bai glared at Jiang Nian and said in a quiet voice: “This is all private. In the Jiang-Nan dojo of limits headquarters, the chairman has the highest authority, followed by the three chiefs! The chairman and the three chiefs make up what most fighters privately call, the Big Four! Each one of them holds an immense amount of authority and power. If you want to become a chief, you have to at least be a ‘Elite General’ level fighter. At the same time, your dojo contribution must be high and you also need a lot of support from other general level fighters!”

“Oh?” Luo Feng was surprised.

There are three large factors in becoming a chief? Strength, contribution, and support?

“Luo Feng, to a chief, 50 million really isn’t that much” said Jiang Nian in a quiet voice, “From my point of view, the reason why the chief values you so much….. is because you’re still so young. Only 18 years old! He has decided that you have hope in the future and you have the potential to become a general level fighter. So today, he invested 50 million to help you a bit”

Luo Feng nodded.

Uncle Bai laughed on the side: “However, Luo Feng, don’t get cocky. You do have good talent, but becoming a general level fighter is extremely difficult! The chief only thought that you have a sliver of hope; just a possibility”

“And because of that small possibility, he gave me 50 million?” Luo Feng gasped.

The dojo’s rules were strict. The rules were that the three scrolls couldn’t exceed 50 million. Even the chief couldn’t do anything to change that. He can only take out money from his own pocket to build upon the original foundation of 50 million. When fighters are growing, the type of scroll used has a huge impact on them”

“Well, leave that thought aside for now, Luo Feng. The fact that the chief is giving you special treatment can only mean good things. The chiefs have broad connections, whether it’s the army, the circle of powerful fighters, the government, and all sorts of powerful families….. each chief has their own set of connections. The chief is one of the most powerful figures in Jiang-Nan city” Jiang Nian couldn’t help but to say.

Luo Feng nodded.

The fact that the chief is giving him special treatment is a good thing, what’s the point of thinking about all of this. Since the chief is helping him, he just needs a chance in the future to return the favor.

“Luo Feng, when are you going to move into Yang-Zhou city’s fighter area? Or will you move into main sector?” asked Jiang Nian.

Luo Feng slightly hesitated…..

His parents’ friends were virtually all in Yang-Zhou city. His own good friends were in Yang-Zhou city too.

“I’ll move into the Ming-Yue sector” answered Luo Feng.


Chapter 27: Moving

TL note: In case you forgot, a ping is 3.3 sq meters.

At noon that day, instructor Jiang Nian dragged Luo Feng to eat a hearty meal with some fighters at headquarters. It was only until night that Luo Feng could return to his home in Yang-Zhou city.

At night, the streetlights in the southern shore region were lit up.

There were three middle-aged men who were drenched in sweat, laughing and talking as they walked down the road. You could smell the smell of wood and paint if you go near them.

“My waist is becoming unbearably painful. I guess I have to sleep face down tonight” said a burly man has he held his waist and said in pain, “My prostrate also hurts. I guess it’s time to get a checkup at a hospital. Damn, that costs a lot of money though”

“Old Tian, why don’t you tell our boss and take a rest for two days? You can start working again when you feel better” said Luo Feng’s father, Luo Hong Guo.

“Yea, Old Tian, it’s not worth ruining your body” said the slightly fat brute on the side.

“Okay. I’ll be heading home first” said the burly middle-aged man. He turned and headed towards a cone shaped apartment. The slightly fat brute and Luo Hong Guo sighed and said good bye as they headed towards another cone shaped apartment.

Luo Hong Guo slowly walked towards his home under the dim light of the streetlights.

“32nd floor!” Luo Hong Guo stood on the first floor and looked at the stairs. As of now, climbing up 32 floors is easy for most people. However, for Luo Hong Guo, who has been doing manual labor for an entire day, even walking is tiring, “My neck and waist are a bit sore. I should find some time to rest”

Luo Hong Guo climbed the stairs all the way up to the 32nd floor!

[DING DONG] [DING DONG] Luo Hong Guo stood outside the door and pressed the doorbell. He was too lazy to take the keys out of his pocket.

[KA!]

When the door was opened, he saw a huge, extravagant meal on the table; there were a dozen different dishes. Their family doesn’t even have this much on New Years.

“What’s going on, all of this food” even though Luo Hong Guo wasn’t too happy, he still walked in the house with a smiling face.

[DAN DAN DAN DAN~~~] Luo Hua yelled while sitting on his wheelchair, “Dad, welcome home!”

“Dad!” Luo Feng obediently brought some tea to his father and said, “From now on, dad won’t have to wear this uniform anymore!”

“Hm?” Luo Hong Guo was shocked.

“Luo” Gong Xin Lan, who was carrying the rice bowls, smiled at Luo Hong Guo, “Our son just signed a contract with the dojo of limits. Once he passes the fighter combat exam, he’ll receive two billion dollars. He even received a private villa; he brought the keys to it home”

“What?” Luo Hong Guo was startled, “Xin Lan, what did you just say?”

“Dad, look” Luo Feng gave Luo Hong Guo the signed contract.

Luo Hong Guo took it and looked carefully, from the very first word to the very last word, Luo Hong Guo didn’t dare miss anything…… He looked at this contract as if he was looking at a wedding certificate. All the terms on the contract were very clear.

“This, this….. Don’t you sign the contract with the dojo of limits after the fighter combat exam?” Luo Hong Guo was in a state of disbelief, “And how come there’s two billion dollars?”

Before, when Luo Feng passed the prospective fighter exam, Luo Hong Guo carefully checked…..

When a fighter joins the dojo, they only get a hundred million.

“Dad, this is because brother’s a genius” Luo Hua said as he made a strange laugh, “What’s the most important thing in this age? The geniuses within the fighters”

“All of us are able to live in this villa?” Luo Hong Guo looked towards his son Luo Feng.

Gong Xin Lan laughed on the side: “If you want to live there, you can go right now!”

“Ha, haha…..” Luo Hong Guo couldn’t even control himself anymore; tears were welling up in his eyes. Even after all of these years, there was no chance of him changing with his current job, even if he worked for the rest of his life. He has worked so hard for his family. And now there’s finally a chance to change! He can immediately live in the legendary private villa!

Indeed, a private villa is a legendary existence for a regular person. After the Grand Nirvana period, a city has to hold 200 million people, so land is extremely valuable! Since villas take up so much space, you can’t even get them with money!

Even the few very rich people who inhabit the villas have to pay an enormous tax.

“Even I, Luo Hong Guo, has an opportunity to live in a villa!!!” Luo Hong Guo couldn’t control his happiness, “Haha, even my dog of a boss’ home isn’t going to be as good as mine”

“Yup yup” Luo Hua was starting to get excited too, “Our home will have huge windows and a huge bath! It’ll also have a very huge living room! Our television and laptops will all be equipped with voice recognition systems. Our living room’s television’s display will be at least 200 inches wide. We can even roll around on our beds!”

“A bed to roll around on, I’ve been wishing for one for ages” Luo Hua said excitedly.

When Luo Feng saw his dad and brother like this, he was truly happy inside.

Why did he work so hard?

Wasn’t it all just for this day?

“Dad, mom, sit down, let’s eat” Luo Feng laughed.

“I’m going to take a shower” Luo Hong Guo laughed loudly, “In the future, I won’t have to wear this uniform already. I’ll contact my boss about this”

Tonight, Luo Feng’s family was filled with a never before seen happiness.

This home, which was only 36 ping, has housed this family of four for so many years. Even though they weren’t satisfied with this home, for example, the parents have to sleep on the couch and rarely any sunlight gets in. The bathroom is pitifully small….. there are just too many flaws.

However….. right when they were about to leave, Luo Feng’s family was a bit hesitant, since there were way too many memories in this home.

However, people have to go higher!

The morning of the second day, a large truck was parked in front of the apartment. Luo Feng and his family started to move their things onto the truck.

“Old Luo, what’s happening? How come you’re moving?”

“Eh, sister Lan, what’re you doin’ so early in the mornin’?”

…..

Many familiar friends and neighbors in this small sector curiously asked Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan.

“Haha, my son Feng joined the dojo of limits, so we’re moving to the Ming-Yue sector!” Luo Hong Guo answered with pride, “Wang San, you better come to the feast I host in my home.”

Out of all the people who have lived in this poor apartment, who isn’t hoping to make a change for themselves one day?

Luo Hong Guo changed! And he relied on his son!

“Old Luo’s son sure is great, he actually joined the dojo of limits”

“Yea, he’s great. I wonder when my son can become that great too. Now old Luo got lucky and made a change for himself”

The rumors spread from each person to ten others, from ten others to a hundred others.

Momentarily, the news spread across the entire southern shore region and even to other apartments in other regions. They all knew that Luo Hong Guo’s son has joined the dojo of limits and their family will be moving to the Ming-Yue sector! This is an unbelievably huge, joyous event, which also made many other teenagers hope to help their families”

“Wen, when you want to find me, go straight to the Ming-Yue sector. However, give me a call before you come so I can contact the guards” said Luo Feng to his good friend Wei Wen.

“Okay” Wei Wen excitedly hit Luo Feng’s chest, “I knew that you could do this Luo Feng. Who cares about high school exams. Can one in ten thousand college graduates or military academy graduates live in a private villa? Jeez, I’ll be sure to come look at your home in a few days. I haven’t even stepped into a villa before”

Very quickly–

Under the gazes of the numerous men, women, and children, Luo Feng and his family rode a car, which was followed by a truck filled with things they couldn’t bear to throw away.

Luo Feng and his family left the southern shore region and entered the fighter’s Ming-Yue sector.

Noon, at the entrance in front of the Ming-Yue sector. Six soldiers holding real guns were guarding the gate at both sides, scanning the surroundings.

“Stop!” One of the guards immediately raised his assault rifle and pointed it at the incoming car.

[CHI!] That car made an emergency brake.

Luo Feng and his family came out of the car, and a bald, old man came out of the guardsman’s lounge. He laughed: “Luo Feng, right? Last time I saw you for your prospective fighter exam, I knew your future was limitless. However, I didn’t think you’d be coming to live in our sector so quickly. I was contacted yesterday. Hurry, come and help them move their things”

“Luo Feng, we have people to help you move your things. These moving companies aren’t allowed to enter here” laughed the bald, old man.

“We understand” father Luo Hong Guo laughed and nodded.

At once, seven soldiers rushed out of the sector and speedily helped move the things. The men from the moving company watched with awe. After that, Luo Feng and his family moved into the Ming-Yue sector.

Luo Feng looked at the Limit Hall in the center and then looked at his surroundings. There were small bridges, flowing rivers, fake mountains and ponds, and a villa that was encircled by flowing water, “From now on, this will be my home”. Luo Feng turned his head to his parents and his brother on his wheelchair. At this time, his parents and his brother all looked with excitement towards the small sector.

“Mr. Luo Feng, this in front of you shall be your home” A few soldiers were moving things and a young woman smiled as she held a few papers, “#199 will be Mr. Luo Feng’s home. This villa has three floors and a basement. The third floor also has a large terrace. The total area is 512 ping. If you count the basement, garden, and terrace, then it nears 800 ping”

Luo Feng and his family exchanged glances…..

And then they closely looked at this luxurious villa with red and white walls; this will be their home!

“36 ping? Near 800 ping?” Luo Hua on his wheelchair couldn’t help but to mutter.


Chapter 28: Fighter combat exam

Late at night on July 31st, in Ming-Yue sector’s #199 villa. On the second floor in this villa, there were four huge rooms: A bedroom, a media room, a guest room, and a gigantic training hall. This training hall was at least 120 ping and took up half of the 2nd floor.

Late into the night, the street light shined through the glass of the media room and refracted into the training hall.

Luo Feng, wearing a loose dojo uniform, silently kneeled on the floor. Two streams of light constantly and rapidly circled around Luo Feng’s body. As if they were happy, joyous birds, they flew around the dojo quickly and flexibly.

After a while, the two streams of light slowed down and floated next to Luo Feng; they were two throwing knives.

“With my current level of spiritual force, controlling things isn’t too hard. However, if I control like four of five knives….. the speed, power, etc. diminish” Other than trying to control his new strength, Luo Feng has put most of this month’s work on his spiritual force training.

While Luo Feng was living in the Ming-Yue sector this month, he met and talked with many fighters. Luo Feng also confirmed one thing– that his telekinesis is indeed spiritual force!

“I’m taking the fighter combat exam tomorrow, so I should rest well tonight”

Luo Feng stood up and opened the glass door, and then headed to his bedroom to sleep.

August 1st, noon. Under the leadership of a fighter, thirty or so prospective fighters, including Luo Feng and Yang Wu, rushed towards the train station.

[KU-CHI~~ KU-CHI~~] The train was moving quickly into the station and the sounds of the wheels grinding against the tracks were weak. The carriages of the train were all filled with clamor, but were also completely sealed. There were no windows to look out of. In each carriage, a person appeared on the large display.

Inside the carriage, many prospective fighters were seated.

“Fellow prospective fighters, future fighters, I am from the HR alliance” a middle-aged man was speaking on the carriage’s display, “I’m sure all of you have heard of the HR alliance before! It’s the strongest, wealthiest organization and the organization with the most fighters! I’m sure everyone is also familiar with the HR alliance’s other name–The Underground Alliance”

All the prospective fighters inside the carriage quieted down.

Luo Feng and Yang Wu sat side by side, heads raised towards the large display.

“Crazy, you’ve heard of the Underground Alliance before right?” laughed Yang Wu, “They are seriously wealthy! The wealthiest organization on earth, even wealthier than a country”

“I know”

Luo Feng laughed. While he lived in the Ming-Yue sector for the past month, he has learned of many basic information from the fighters in the same area. Prior to the Grand Nirvana period, places like the United States of America and Europe all had powerful families controlling them from behind. For example, the Morgan family, the Rockefeller family, the Onassis family, etc…..

These families virtually controlled over half of the world’s wealth!

However, when the Grand Nirvana period came and the monsters attacked, many smaller countries were destroyed. The larger countries that had powerful armies all fended for themselves and strengthened their governments. At this time, many of the old, powerful families were afraid of being overpowered by the governments’ armies. So they teamed up and created–the HR allianceor the human rights alliance.

Human rights alliance, it sounds good. However, it’s an alliance that centers around the powerful families. It’s called by fighters the ‘Underground Alliance’.

“Our alliance has the world’s largest communication platform for fighters! Here, you can accept high paying missions”

“Our alliance has power and influence all over the world! Once you join our alliance and you become one of us, you’ll receive top class service whether it’s in the USA or the European Union”

“Our alliance has the largest army and the most power in the government, join us…..”

…..

The middle-aged man spoke for 15 minutes.

“All future fighters”

A man who had a strict face on appeared on the screen, “Let me introduce myself. I, am Jiang-Nan city’s security agency’s deputy chief. My name is Liu. In our country of China, there is no doubt that our government’s army is the strongest! Join our government, join our army, and no matter where you go in China, you’ll have the greatest support”

…..

“Everyone” the person on the screen changed again, “I am the chief of Jiang-Nan city’s Thunder Dojo headquarters, Wang. Our thunder dojo was created by the fastest and invincible fighter, ‘Thunder Lord’. All over the world, our thunder dojo has branches…..”

…..

“All future fighters, we have introduced the previous three. No need to say, everyone knows I’m from the dojo of limits!” the person on the screen changed to another person, “My name is Zhu Ge! The dojo of limits….. is the strongest dojo on earth and was created by the strongest fighter! In our dojo, we hold the strongest power on earth…..”

…..

The four advertisements raised up discussion between the prospective fighters in the carriage.

“Second brother, after becoming a fighter, which side will you join? I think the dojo of limits is pretty good”

“I’ll join the Underground Alliance; you can earn the most money there, haha”

“The Thunder dojo gives fighters better conditions, even a better than the dojo of limits’. Joining the thunder dojo seems like a good choice too”

The excited discussions of the prospective fighters spread around the carriage.

Luo Feng and Yang Wu also discussed in a low voice: “Crazy, my instructor and my senior both joined the dojo of limits. Now, even you have joined the dojo of limits, so of course I will too! Even if I join the dojo of limits, I can still receive missions from the Underground Alliance. We can choose to buy things from both the dojo of limits and from the Underground Alliance”

“The Dojo of Limits, the Thunder Dojo, the Underground Alliance, and the government’s army…..” Luo Feng was clear.

Within all of those powers, the government’s army was no doubt the strongest.

For the Underground Alliance, which is made out of many powerful families from all over the world, even a country would try to avoid angering them, since the Underground Alliance controls nearly the entire world’s economy!

The thunder dojo and the dojo of limits are behind the first two in power.

However, joining these two large dojos represents freedom!

“Brother Yang, how many prospective fighters do you see on this carriage?” Luo Feng looked around and saw that there were over a hundred people inside just one carriage.

“There are a lot of people” Yang Wu curled his lip, “I just heard from other people’s discussions how there are two fighter combat exams each year. And in each fighter combat exam, over a thousand prospective fighters from all over Jiang-Nan city come to take it”

“Over a thousand?” Luo Feng was shocked.

However, that seemed right, since there was a population of two hundred million in Jiang-Nan city and ten million people in the entirety of Yang-Zhou city. In average, there are just a few dozen more fighters.

After a while–

“Fellow prospective fighters, the train will be entering the station shortly, so please prepare to get off” came a sound from the speaker in the carriage. Shortly after, the train started decelerating until it stopped.

The carriages’ doors opened and all the prospective fighters from each carriage got off.

Very quickly, the mighty crowd of prospective fighters entered a huge military camp, which took a vast amount of space. Various heated weapons could be seen on the outer parts of the camp; one cannon was pointed towards the outskirts of the camp. Large amounts of soldiers were all holding various sophisticated weapons.

Luo Feng and the group of prospective fighters looked around.

“Look outside the camp” Yang Wu excitedly pointed far away.

Luo Feng looked carefully and, other than the camp’s security line, there were a few starving monsters who were growling. However, these monsters didn’t dare approach the camp.

[GA~~]

An ear-piercing howl made all of the fighters simultaneously raise their heads, and they saw hundreds of densely packed Fei-Qin monsters howl across the dark, blue sky.

“According the the books, after you leave the city, you can see all sorts of monsters. The books were indeed right” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed, “Humans can only live in the cities or in military camps. Only a fighter can come out here alone and fight with those powerful monsters!”

“Everyone–”

A loud sound carried to every single fighter’s ears, “Welcome to Jiang-Nan city’s northern military sector. This time, the 1680 of you will take your fighter combat exam hosted in our northern military sector. I hope most of you will pass, and I hope all of you will live through this exam!”


Chapter 29: Monster town

It was lively within the military sector. At the same time, there was an extravagant lunch prepared for all the prospective fighters who came to participate in the fighter combat exam.

Afternoon.

1680 fighters stood in an open plaza. At a reception desk in the plaza sat some high authorities of Jiang-Nan city’s northern military sector and some high authorities of the thunder dojo and the dojo of limits.

“Prospective fighters whose names are called, come up and retrieve your uniforms and weapons”

“Yan Zhuo”

“He Feng”

“Wang Bing Jiang”

…..

There were at least ten officers at the desk yelling names one by one. Prospective fighters whose names were called all went to pick up their uniforms and weapons.

“Luo Feng”

That ringing sound, right when Luo Feng heard it he sprinted up there.

“This is your battle uniform, your battle boots, and the 2nd series ghost blade you need. The heaviest one we prepared was 98 kg, we don’t have any heavier ones” the officer passed a set of objects to Luo Feng, “Here is a communication watch, which can send mail and has GPS. This is a hexagonal shield”

While the officer was saying that, he was a bit suspicious as he looked into Luo Feng’s eyes….. a prospective fighter actually asked for such a heavy ghost blade, quite weird.

Luo Feng slightly smiled and sprinted away holding the near 200 kg load of items.

…..

In the plaza, each of the 1680 fighters received their requested weapons that were most suitable for them. Each of them used cold weapons! This was the requirement for the fighter combat exam; heated weapons were banned. After they received their things, everyone returned to their own resting areas and changed into their battle gear.

There was laughter all over the open plaza.

At this time, Luo Feng was equipped with his metal alloy battle boots, military standard trousers, and a battle vest with some special Ke-Luo alloy material inside. He also had his hexagonal shield and ghost blade on his back, and was happily talking with the fighter beside him.

“If you put down everything I have equipped, it’ll be worth at least 7-10 thousand” a crew cut teenager excitedly pointed to his uniform, “This trouser and vest aren’t the best fighter equipment. They’re only lent to us for the fighter combat exam. However, it can defend against the weakest H grade monster’s claws, which is much better than the bullshit bullet proof vests back at town. A regular bullet will never be able to pierce this, and a H grade monster will never be able to rip this apart”

“You can’t rip it apart!”

A girl with a stern expression laughed coldly on the side, “Even if the monster can’t rip apart the uniform, just the impact itself can break your bones and damage your internal organs”

“This big brother isn’t so weak and fragile” the crew cut teenager sneered and glared at the girl, “How about, little girl, we go over there and test this brother’s strength?”

“That’s enough” Luo Feng frowned.

“Yes, brother Luo. We’ll listen to brother Luo” the crew cut teenager laughed.

The news of Luo Feng being scouted by the dojo of limits was spread from one to ten, and ten to a hundred in the prospective fighter community. Out of the 1680 prospective fighters, only three of them were recruited by the dojo of limits and the thunder dojo! The prospective fighters knew that these three people were special.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng” a yelling sound from far away was heard. It was the limit hall’s chief instructor, Wu Tong.

“Uncle Wu”

Luo Feng ran towards him after telling Yang Wu and the others beside him. In the past month, Luo Feng lived in the Ming-Yue sector, so naturally he would be close to chief instructor ‘Wu Tong’, who also lived in the same sector. He called familiarly, ‘Uncle Wu’. “Luo Feng, come with me” after Wu Tong said that, he started to lead the way.

Luo Feng was full of doubts but didn’t say anything. They quickly arrived at the second floor of a quiet apartment. In the living room on the second floor, there were lots of people seated together. Luo Feng looked around….. out of all of these people, he only recognized one: one of the Big Four of the Jiang-Nan city’s dojo of limits headquarters, Zhu Ge Tao!.

“Chief” greeted Luo Feng loudly.

“Hm, Luo Feng, go sit over there with Wu Tong” Zhu Ge Tong, wearing a dark battle uniform with faintly glowing silver pieces, said as he laughed quietly.

“Zhu Ge, this is the Luo Feng you talked about? Let me see, compared to our Thunder Dojo, he isn’t that good isn’t he” a burly man wearing a dark, purple battle uniform sat across from Zhu Ge Tao. When he spoke, the sounds seemed to echo within his chest, “Our thunder dojo recruited two people early, one whose fitness level is on par with your Luo Feng, and another who is a firearms genius”

The burly man looked to the two young men on his side, who immediately stood up in response.

“My name is Wan Dong” said a teenager who seemed solemn and had a purple birthmark on his face.

“My name is Ma Xiao” another teenager was smiling and looked beautiful! Yes, we can use the word ‘beautiful’ for this teenager. If he was born a girl, it would probably be the kind that would bring calamity.

Luo Feng smiled and nodded: “Luo Feng, you already know”

“Luo Feng” the solemn teenager spoke, “Do you have any balls to compete? Tonight at the fighter combat exam, let’s see who can get first place!” The solemn teenager’s eyes flashed, as if he saw the most delicious kind of food, full of desire.

“Not interested” Luo Feng shaked his head.

The solemn teenager was startled, but then laughed coldly and didn’t say anything further.

Zhu Ge Tao and the burly man from the thunder dojo laughed on the side: “Zhu Ge, your little kiddo seems quite interesting. He’s quite calm, didn’t let his head get hot when provoked! I kind of like this young man. Luo Feng, any plans to join my thunder dojo…..”

“Go, go, go” Zhu Ge Tao glared.

“I’m just joking. Man, you aren’t interesting” the burly man laughed.

Zhu Ge Tao glared: “We should go too. The fighter combat exam is going to start soon!”


Luo Feng and the 1680 powerful prospective fighters, walked for at least half an hour under the lead of a soldier. They reached the outer part of a town. It was already evening at this time, and the sun has dropped.

[Roar~~~]

Various howls that makes your heart skip a beat could be heard in the town. The town was surrounded by barbed wire and had a large amount of soldiers patrolling with guns.

“Hurry, there aren’t enough monsters inside. Bring another 1200 Iron fur boars, 300 Zhi shadow cats, and another 500 mastiff tigers.” As the command went through the town, Luo Feng and the others didn’t have to wait much longer until they saw huge trucks coming. Each of the trucks had angry howling coming from them.

Luo Feng and the large amounts of fighters went to look closely…..

In each of the trucks were cages, and in each of the cages were locked up monsters. Those angry howlings made some inexperienced prospective fighters’ hearts tremble.

“Luo Feng”

Chief instructor ‘Wu Tong’ laughed beside Luo Feng, “Even if you’re skilled and strong, that doesn’t mean you can kill the monsters! When some people see blood and are faced with a chance of death, they won’t even be able to bring out a tenth of their strength. So for this combat exam, the main goal is to train your mind. You have to get used to fighting to the death with monsters and be merciless”

“Understood” Luo Feng nodded.

“Hm….. these monsters are all the weakest H level monsters. They’re equivalent to a ‘Beginner warrior’ level fighter” said Wu Tong, “Their weak point is their low intellect. However, their strong point is that they are very aggressive and cruel. So in every fighter combat exam, there’s always a cruel case where a prospective fighter that dies”

Luo Feng nodded, there’s no way that fighting to the death with real monsters could be safe.

……

After a bunch of weak H level monsters have been imported into the town, the amount of monsters in the town have reached a startling amount.

“Everyone”

A ringing voice carried to every prospective fighter’s ears. Luo Feng and every prospective fighter raised their heads to look, and they saw a military officer standing on a ruined three story apartment in the middle of the town as he spoke to all the prospective fighters, “This time’s combat exam will have the same rules as the past ones! From 6:30 PM tonight, we will begin. The exam will end at 6 AM tomorrow!”

“The more monsters you slaughter, the more points you get. For each monster you slaughter, cut the monster’s left ear off as proof”

“Remember, prospective fighters are not allowed to fight each other. Your movements and actions are all under our surveillance. Those who break the rules will immediately be shot and killed!”

“Out of you 1680 prospective fighters, the top 60% will earn the right to become a fighter! The other 40% will fail and will have to take the next fighter combat exam” the officer’s voice suddenly became cold, “In other words, out of the 1680 of you, 1008 will pass and 672 will be disqualified!”

The prospective fighters who were listening below couldn’t help but to start talking, an unbelievable 40% will be disqualified!.

“Here’s a reminder, usually if one can kill three monsters, they pass. If you can only kill two monsters, it’ll be up to luck” the officers voice resonated in everyone’s ears, “When scores are the same, we use the amount of time used to kill the monsters and how injured you are to determine the rankings. So, when you finish killing the amount of monsters required, hurry and come out of the town”

“Remember, if you receive a heavy wound, press the emergency help button on your communication watch. Someone will immediately come and save you….. however, that moment also represents the end of your fighter combat exam” the officer leaped.

[WHOOSH!]

From the top of the apartment to the ground was at least a height of around 10 meters. And with two more consecutive leaps, he was already outside of town.

“All prospective fighters, move out, and enter monster town” the officer waved his hand.

The 1680 prospective fighters were like a raging wave, and poured into monster town.

“Shut the door!” ordered the officer.

[RUMBLE~~~] the only gate closed shut.

The fighter combat exam, officially begins!


Chapter 30: First Kill

In the enclosed town, the 1680 prospective fighters rapidly spread out and started to hunt their prey.

“Brother Yang, are you going to challenge monster town alone?” Luo Feng and Yang Wu stood next to a small supermarket’s wall together. Yang Wu firmly nodded his head: “Crazy, this time’s fighter combat exam isn’t just an exam, more importantly, it’s a place for training your courage! When you enter the danger zone alone, the dangers you’ll encounter are ten to a hundred times more dangerous than the ones here! If I even need your help in this monster town, then what’ll I do in the future?”

Luo Feng nodded: “You’re right. Brother Yang, be careful.

“Okay, Crazy, you should grab your chance too” reminded Yang Wu, “This town is all filled with the weakest H level monsters. There probably won’t be any more opportunities in the future to train your blade on the weakest level of monsters”

“I understand. This is a rare chance to train our skill with the blade” smiled Luo Feng as he nodded.

“Okay, meet you in the town tomorrow morning” after saying that, Yang Wu looked carefully in all four directions and then swiftly jumped away.

Luo Feng also quickly sprinted into a shady area.

As nightfall approached, there was a huge searchlight illuminating the borders of the town. Most of the town was lit up, but there were also many places hidden in the dark.

“From what the fighters said in the small sector, the monsters are split into soldiers, commanders, and horde leaders”. Luo Feng held his hexagonal shield with his left hand and his ghost blade with his right as he quietly stood in a ruined alley filled with dust.

“The soldier, or H level monster, is as strong as a human beginner warrior”

“Even though there are many monsters in this town, there are mainly three different types: the cat monster with the primary trait of speed ‘shadow cat’, the powerful, heavy class ‘Iron fur boars’, and the ‘Mastiff tiger’ whose power and speed are great” Luo Feng scanned the area.

Suddenly, a shadow approached from a ruined two story apartment. With Luo Feng’s great vision, he saw that the shadow’s fur was sharp as needles and was at least 1.5 meters tall. Its mouth had two gigantic tusks which reflected the light from the searchlight, which could make one’s heart skip a beat.

A regular boar that humans eat is probably only 60-70 cm tall.

In other words, this monster is at least double the size of a domestic pig, almost as if it was a small truck.

“Iron fur boar? My first prey will be you” Luo Feng watched the iron fur boar and came out of the alley, right into the iron fur boar’s field of vision.

[Growl~~]

As he stared at the iron fur boar in the eye, he held up his shield and blade. The monster made a weird growling sound and suddenly fiercely stepped on the concrete surface, making a cloud of dust. It carried a putrid current with it as it charged towards Luo Feng, as if it was a heavy hummer flying towards him.

The two long, sharp tusks pointed forward like gigantic scimitars.

[HU!] Right when the iron fur boar charged, Luo Feng quickly dodged to the side; the iron fur boar didn’t even have time to stop during its charge. And with a quick flash in his eyes, all the power on his body focused in his arm and unrelentlessly made a slash with his ghost blade! The ghost blade cut right across the iron fur boar’s neck!

[THUMP]

The head of the iron fur boar was immediately detached from its body and flew up high. Fresh blood was spewing out of the area where it was cut from and the body also flew at least 10 meters before falling. The body twitched for a bit on the ground and then finally died.

“Hu, hu” Luo Feng took in two deep breaths. Luo Feng’s heart shaked a bit after witnessing the gory scene.

Killing monsters…..

Killing a monster for the first time can indeed be a shock.

“No wonder uncle Wu said that some prospective fighters can’t bring out their strength after witnessing blood” Luo Feng reflected on his battle, “The dodge just now was done pretty well, but….. the way I slashed across the iron fur boar’s neck used up unnecessary strength. However, a regular prospective fighter probably could never cut off the iron fur boar’s head”

The iron fur boar’s defense was powerful, but that was for a regular prospective fighter.

Luo Feng’s current strength is on par with an intermediate warrior level fighter. Fighting with this iron fur boar is just like bullying.

“According to my fighter brothers at the Ming-Yue sector, you can’t just use brute force when dealing with monsters. You have to grasp their weak point”

“Also, I can’t believe I let my heart waver when I severed the iron fur boar’s head. I must get used to this! In the future, I’ll be fighting with monsters all the time with my life on the line. If my heart isn’t prepared, I might lose my life in a crucial moment” Luo Feng understood that the more crucial the moment is, the more calm you have to be.

However, Luo Feng’s state of mind was pretty good, since people usually have a much larger reaction towards their first kill.

Luo Feng walked towards the boar’s head, and with one swipe of his hand –

He cut off the boar’s left ear and put it inside the bag he was carrying, “First one! Now towards the next!” with a slight movement of his body, Luo Feng has already disappeared from the street. Only the corpse of the iron fur boar remained on the blood stained street.

…..

With every passing second in this enclosed town, there were bloody battles taking place in every corner! Even though the H level monsters are close to the prospective fighters in power, the humans have one advantage: intellect! The weakest H level monsters don’t have much intellect; only some basic bestial instincts.

Around 8 PM.

On a six story high apartment, two shadows were swiftly fighting with each other.

[HUA!]

A cold light shone, Luo Feng’s was kneeling on the platform. A trace of blood could be seen on the ghost blade he was holding. The other shadow was helplessly thrown aside as it left behind a trail of blood.

“This shadow cat is the fastest one out of the three monsters. Even though it’s a H level monster, it has a speed of 40 m/s” Luo Feng stood up and walked over to it. The shadow cat on the floor’s fur was grey and its body wasn’t too big; around half a meter long. This shadow cat’s abdomen had a staggering wound; even the inner organs were slashed open by Luo Feng’s attack.

“For regular prospective fighters, this cat does indeed pose a threat. However, too bad it met me” Luo Feng shaked his head and cut off the shadow cat’s left year.

Luo Feng’s speed is way faster than the shadow cat’s.

There’s no helping it, since Luo Feng has already reached the level of an intermediate warrior. And within the intermediate warrior level fighters, Luo Feng counts as a stronger one.

“Fifth”

Luo Feng carefully put away the spoils of war, “Usually, there’s a hundred percent chance of passing if you can kill three monsters. I already killed five, so I pass for sure! Then now….. I’ll start seriously training my agility and blade”. He killed monsters for points before, and now he has enough points.

“I’ll use 1000 kg of fist strength and 30 m/s of speed to start fighting with these monsters”

Luo Feng was practically bullying the monsters, since they were on a completely different level.

But now, Luo Feng has suppressed his strength to make it equal with the enemies’, so there’s actually a point in training. When you enter the danger zone in the future, you can’t just keep killing monsters weaker than you every time.

“Begin!”

Luo Feng was standing on the balcony of a residential apartment as he looked around and below him.

“Hm? First one!” Luo Feng saw a mastiff tiger, whose body was full of spots, near the top of a ruined three story apartment out of the corner of his eye. Luo Feng immediately flew towards it. With just one leap off of the balcony, he flew more than 10 meters and heavily landed onto the ruined roof, even the floor violently shook as he landed.

Luo Feng rolled on the ground with the force of the impact and directly flew towards the mastiff tiger.

[HOWL~~~] The mastiff tiger also came flying towards.

…..

A grim teenager, whose shirt was stained with blood, carried a darkmoon blade as he arrogantly walked on the street.

“I wonder how many monsters Luo Feng has killed” thought the grim teenager. He is the only one out of the 1680 fighters whose strength is close to Luo Feng’s. The genius who was scouted by the Thunder dojo, ‘Wan Dong’. Although this time, there were three people who were scouted.

However, one of them is a firearms genius whose fitness level isn’t that high.

Only Luo Feng and this Wan Dong are geniuses with similar fitness levels.

“Hm?” Wan Dong’s gaze landed at a location.

He only saw a shadow constantly fighting with two shadow cats. The two shadow cats hissed and speedily attacked with their claws. However, the shadow dexterously dodged the attacks as he fought the two shadow cats.

“Luo Feng! It takes you so long just to kill two shadow cats? I am so disappointed in you” shouted Wan Dong as he laughed.

[CHI!] [CHI!]

As if lightning, the ghost blade in Luo Feng’s hand made two slashes, and the two shadow cats immediately fell to the floor. After a few twitches, they stopped moving.

“So quick” Wan Dong was shocked and thought to himself, “And the blade made a clean cut towards the weak points of the shadow cats”. Wan Dong saw from Luo Feng’s two slashes that Luo Feng’s strength was not to be underestimated.

“I was going to play with you a bit more and continue training myself” Luo Feng looked at the corpses of the two shadow cats, “However, that guy is annoying and I don’t want him to see me training my agility and blade” Luo Feng cut off the two shadow cats’ ears, put it into his bag, and disappeared without even looking at Wan Dong once.


Chapter 31: Ru Wei class

In the enclosed town, the slaughter continued.

Some prospective fighters instinctively pressed the emergency help button after getting injured in their first battle, and thus failing. Some prospective fighters become pale from shock after killing a monster. Some powerful prospective fighters get pumped up and excited after killing monsters!

In a place not too far from the enclosed town, there was a large security screen in a tall structure displaying everything happening in each sector in the town.

“What a weak strategy!” In one of the rooms of this large structure, a military officer was drinking with a burly man. The screens on the sidewalls were displaying the slaughter going on in the city. The burly man sighed, “Watching these young men fight with these monsters reminds me of when we were young!”

“Yea, from a glance, most of them are all around 20 years old, which is the youngest yet most fragile point of their lives” the military officer also sighed, “Old Wang, after a blink of an eye, we two brothers have become old. Back in the day, we were rookies in Jiang-Nan city too. Now you’re the chief of the Thunder Dojo, haha”

The burly man laughed loudly, “Iron monkey, didn’t you also get your way to major general”

“Hm?” the military instructor looked with shock at the display. The more he looked, the more shocked he became, “Old Wang, hurry and look”

On the display was several videos of the town. Since there were so many cameras recording, the videos on the display change every so often.

“It changed?” the military officer immediately pressed the telephone on the side and commanded, “Lock onto the prospective fighter just now from camera #21, lock onto him”

“Yes” an impressive sound came from the telephone.

The burly man Wang looked suspiciously at his good brother: “Iron monkey, what did you just see?”

“Old Wang, you’ll see soon” the military instructor laughed mysteriously.

In just a moment, the display changed to the video from before. in the video was five shadow cats constantly attacking a prospective fighter. These five shadow cats were five H level shadow cats, and the prospective fighter held a hexagonal shield, a ghost blade, and looked very young, it was indeed Luo Feng!

“Oh?” the burly man’s eyes flashed.

“How about this? This kiddo’s strong isn’t he” said the military officer, “This kiddo actually used this exam as a free chance to train himself! And look….. his technique is insane!”

“Ru Wei class!”

“The Ru Wei class!” the burly man’s eyes flashed and stared at the five shadow cats who were attacking Luo Feng. Each of Luo Feng’s dodges didn’t make much motion, but easily dodged every attack from each of the shadow cats. The taste of this stroll completely took over these two powerful men!

The Ru Wei class technique, even many warlord level fighters can’t do it.

“His technique actually reached the Ru Wei class. Amazing, amazing!” the burly man took in a breath, “he’s only 18 years old. His technique is just as good as his fitness level. With good talent, your fitness level will be high. However, technique results from battle experience and a clear understanding of the basics. Only then can you enter the ‘Ru Wei class’.

“How did you know he’s 18 years old?” the military officer jumped in surprise, “You know him?”

“He’s Luo Feng. Fuck, the Dojo of Limits recruited him first” angrily shouted the burly man, “The dojo of limits sure had some bullshit luck. This Luo Feng is only 18, but not only is his fitness level fantastic, but his technique is also amazing! Ru Wei class at this age, what will he become in the future?”

Understand…..

That even powerful warlord level fighters haven’t reached the Ru Wei class in technique! Clearly your technique has to be insanely good to get into this level.

In real combat, fitness level is just one side. Technique, skill, and willpower also come into play.

“NO!”

The burly man slammed the table, “We can’t let the Dojo of Limits steal this genius! Thankfully I was lucky and saw this scene while drinking with you, iron monkey”

“What are you planning to do?” laughed the military officer.

“What? Win him over!” the burly man glared, “I’ll win him over no matter what! The Dojo of Limits might’ve not noticed this, but this young man’s technique is astonishing. I’ll win him over first! Isn’t it just money? Hmph! Sure am lucky to encounter such a talented young man. Compared to him, Wan Dong is off by 18,000 miles!”

The military officer laughed.

“Iron monkey, make a copy of this recording for me later” said the burly man.

“Sure, no problem” laughed the military officer as he nodded.

In the dawn of the day in the enclosed monster town, Luo Feng encountered and was surrounded by three mastiff tigers, two shadow cats, and two iron fur boars in a ruined sector. It took quite a bit of energy to gather up all seven of these monsters here.

“Good”

“Keep coming”

“Just like that”

Luo Feng was calm, and as if taking a walk, he occasionally stepped left, occasionally stepped right, and forwards, and backwards. Sometimes he would slightly bend his waist, sometimes he would bend his body…..

With just these small, slight movements, the seven monsters couldn’t even touch a hair of Luo Feng’s body.

“Growl~~~” from the corner of his eye, Luo Feng noticed a mastiff tiger flying at him. Around him were four more monsters preparing to attack at the same time. Looking at the situation, his foot turned and his body immediately moved.

“Not good, barely missed!” thought Luo Feng hopelessly.

It seemed like the shadow cat’s claw was about to grab onto Luo Feng’s body, but strangely enough, Luo Feng’s body suddenly moved five cm, which allowed him to just barely miss the attack.

“It sure is quite a challenge learning the legendary Ru Wei class technique” it seemed like Luo Feng dodged all the attacks, but in fact….. Luo Feng himself was clear, he failed! Because in the last moment he used his spiritual force on the hexagonal shield on his left arm to create a force of propulsion!

It was because of this force that Luo Feng was able to move that 5 cm!

In a battle, your technique is extremely important, which is why Luo Feng has been training his technique the entire night. Usually….. technique training requires a very solid understanding in the basics, which usually takes ten years of bitter work. And fighting with monsters for years drills the ways to dodge into your consciousness. Once you train enough, your reflexes will come in play no matter what the situation.

Solid understanding in the basics, tons of training, and reflexes!

These three levels are the basics of technique. Above these three is….. the Ru Wei class!

The Ru Wei class means that you have virtually complete control over your strength and body and are able to use the smallest amount of energy to just barely dodge the attack. All kinds of dodging, just like it has been calculated by a computer! The reason why the Ru Wei class technique is so hard is because when you are just barely dodging, any kind of mistake will lead to the attack from the monster striking you! Once you are hit by a monster, most people get heavily injured, if not killed.

When training in the Ru Wei class technique, it isn’t really effective to train with monsters who are much weaker than you.

Luo Feng is being attacked by seven monsters right now; his strength and speed are being used to their utmost capabilities. However, it is too difficult to not get touched at all when surrounded by seven monsters.

“I guess I’m in the Ru Wei class now?”

“I also use the smallest, slightest of movements to delicately dodge. Of course errors will happen sometimes” Luo Feng felt a bit tired, so the ghost blade that never attacked suddenly flourished and the monsters cried in anguish. Five streams of fresh blood poured out and five out of the seven monsters were instantly killed. The other two realized the situation and ran away.

“However…..”

“After this night of training, my technique has at least doubled in skill” Luo Feng let out a smile, what kind of training could compare to real combat experience with a monster? And what kind of combat with monsters could compare with Luo Feng’s extreme training?

Only by challenging your body’s limits can you know the where the limit of your dodges are.

This night of training has benefited Luo Feng greatly.

Luo Feng is stronger than a H level mastiff tiger, shadow cat, and an iron fur boar in a one on one. However, seven monsters can kill a person. A fist can have 3000 kg of strength, but a 2000 kg charge from a monster is enough to heavily injure Luo Feng!

Even that genius ‘Wan Dong’ wouldn’t attempt such an extreme type of training!

Or else, you might get pulled apart by the seven monsters.

But Luo Feng would dare to attempt such a thing!

Because he has his spiritual force. If he ever encounters any sort of danger, he can just use his spiritual force on his shield or his ghost blade to give him a boost and use that to dodge.

“Too bad this spiritual force can only be used on inanimate objects. Once it gets near a person, it gets absorbed into it” Luo Feng shaked his head, his spiritual force couldn’t be used to control humans and animals. He can only control things such as metal and wood. However, the spiritual force already gave Luo Feng plenty of joy.

At least…. he’s skilled enough for Ru Wei class dodging.

Of course, it was a different type of Ru Wei dodging. Since when he makes a mistake he can just use his spiritual force for a boost. However, just his dodging ability alone isn’t any worse than the regular Ru Wei class. And it’s also even more strange!

[BEEP~~~BEEP~~~BEEP~~~]

An ear piercing sound suddenly rang through the entire town. At the same time, a heavy voice also spread across the entire town, “Time’s up, all prospective fighters immediately return to the exit of the town”.

“The fighter combat exam is over?” Luo Feng laughed.

“I’ll keep doing this kind of Ru Wei class technique training until the day I won’t need my spiritual force to help me. My technique will also reach the Ru Wei class” Luo Feng cut off the left ears of the five monsters, put it in his bag, and rushed towards the main gate of monster town.


Chapter 32: The Thunder Dojo’s invitation

At the entrance of monster town, the prospective fighters left one by one. Virtually every prospective fighter had a few blood stains on them, whether it was their own blood or the monster’s blood. There were even some prospective fighters who were being carried out by their friends.

[BEEP~BEEP~]

An ear piercing sound rang and a large, heavy truck came out of the town. The truck was filled with the monster’s corpses.

“Hey, these are the prospective fighters corpses, someone come pick them up” One of the large trucks stopped at the side, and there were indeed quite a bit of corpses. Some of them were missing large parts of their body, which were clearly bitten off by monsters. The truck dumped these corpses to the side.

“Ah!”

“Gan!”

“Yin!”

Within a moment, quite a few prospective fighters were crying out. Some of them even went to the corpses and wailed.

“What are you crying about?” a cold, domineering voice rang from a military officer, which caused quite a few angry glances to look over at him. But this military officer scanned the surroundings coldly, “Who doesn’t die when fighting with monsters! You chose to take the path of a fighter, so prepare yourself to die! Society gives fighters special rights, why? Not for you to enjoy it, but because you kill large amounts of monsters which benefits humanity. That’s why you receive special benefits”

“Your position, your authority….. you have to put your life on the line to receive all of this!”

“In this exercise you were given only the weakest of monsters, and they aren’t even the type to form packs. If you can’t even pass this, how will you expect to survive in the wilderness?” the officer’s speech made every prospective fighter quiet down, since they barely knew anything about monsters.

The most difficult monster to deal with are the ‘pack types’, like the dog type ‘mastiff lion’ every time they move they move in a pack of around ten, so even an intermediate level fighter wouldn’t approach them.

“Two monster’s left ears, next, injured left arm”

“Lu Fang? Ok, three monster’s left ears, not bad, next”

At the entrance of the town, each prospective fighter that came out went to turn in their ears they received from the slaughter to prove how many monsters they killed.

“Look, Luo Feng came out”

“It’s the Luo Feng that the Dojo of Limits scouted”

“I wonder how many monsters he killed”

“JUst because his body fitness level is good doesn’t mean he’ll be good at killing monsters too”

Most of the prospective fighters have already came out, and all of them were focusing on Luo Feng, who just walked out of the entrance. Luo Feng, Wan Dong, and Ma Xiao, these three were the prospective fighters that were scouted. One to ten, and ten to a hundred, almost everyone here recognizes Luo Feng and the others.

“Hm?” Right when he walked out, he was being stared at by a huge amount of prospective fighters, so Luo Feng couldn’t help but to waver.

“Luo Feng, correct? Hand over the monster’s left ears to me” there were three military officers sitting ahead, and two of them were using laptops while one of them was looking at Luo Feng.

“Yes”

Luo Feng nodded and put down the bag he was carrying. Within a moment, a large amount of prospective fighters gathered around and their gazes were all focused on Luo Feng’s bag. They were all curious….. how many monsters did Luo Feng kill.

[HUA!] Luo Feng immediately turned the bag upside down and poured the large amount of ears into the metal pot. A small pile formed, which filled over half the pot.

“So many?”

“This guy killed so many monsters?” All the prospective fighters watching from afar were shocked.

At that time, the military officer was counting up the ears, and soon after he smiled as he looked at Luo Feng: “Luo Feng, not bad, 36 monster’s left ears in total. Until now, you have the most confirmed kills. Hm, and you aren’t injured either”

“Next” the military officer looked towards the oncoming people and Luo Feng smiled as he walked away.

“After I pass the fighter combat exam, I’ll become a true fighter too” Luo Feng was overjoyed.

After that, Luo Feng joined the crowd and watched as the other people handed in their monster’s left ears. Some of them had no injury at all, but most of them were lightly injured, which would heal up in around 10 to 15 days of rest. There were also heavily injured prospective fighters.

“Yang Wu, hm, not bad, three monster’s left ears, a light wound on the left shoulder. Next”

Yang Wu also came back safely.

“Brother Yang” shouted Luo Feng from the crowd.

“Crazy” Yang Wu laughed loudly as he rushed over, “How’d you do? How many monsters did you kill?”

“36” Luo Feng and Yang Wu walked towards a corner.

“36? Fuck, Crazy you’re insane. These monsters were so hard to kill” Yang Wu glanced, “Especially that mastiff tiger, it was faster than me and don’t even get me started on its power! Its level is the same, but its power is way higher than a human fighter’s. I pushed my life on the line just to kill three”.

Luo Feng laughed, indeed, you can’t underestimate H level monsters. Even an intermediate warrior will have trouble facing seven or eight of them.

Luo Feng could only train like he did because of his spiritual force.

“Wan Dong!”

“It’s Wan Dong, the genius prospective fighter the thunder dojo scouted. I wonder how many monster’s left ears he collected. I wonder, compared to Luo Feng, who’s stronger”

“Yea, the only person who can compete with Luo Feng is this Wan Dong”

A wave of discussion arose, which made Luo Feng and Yang Wu, who were hiding at the back, raise their heads in surprisement. Yang Wu was even more shocked as he said: “that Wan Dong took until now to come out? Crazy, apparently that Wan Dong’s body fitness level isn’t any worse than yours. I wonder how many monsters he killed”

At this time, the prospective fighters standing at the front all stared at Wan Dong’s bag. And the prospective fighters at the back all listened closely.

“There’s a bunch of monster’s left ears”

“It seems like there’s a lot”

A lot of noise followed, and then the military officer’s voice carried out–“Wan Dong, hm, 51 monster’s left ears in total. Haha, you have surpassed Luo Feng, and are temporarily the prospective fighter with the most confirmed kills”

“51?”

“So much more than Luo Feng?”

“This Wan Dong is indeed strong. 51 monsters is out of this world”

The prospective fighters who have experienced the might of the monsters themselves were shocked speechless.

“Crazy, this Wan Dong has so many more than you” Yang Wu was shocked.

“Is there a point in killing so many?” Luo Feng gave a laugh that couldn’t care less. He spent the entire night training his technique. If he really wanted to kill the weakest H level monsters, with Luo Feng’s strength, he can just pick off monsters that are alone. With that, even a hundred kills in a night wouldn’t be weird.

“Luo Feng” a voice rang.

Luo Feng turned his head and saw a military officer with a large mustache smile: “Come with me, a friend wants to meet you, right at the resting lounge ahead”

“Oh?” Luo Feng was a bit suspicious…..

Meet me?

But Luo Feng made no delay and immediately followed the large mustached man to the resting lounge. Before he entered, Luo Feng took off his blood stained battle uniform and washed it a bit. He then changed into some fresh, clean clothes before entering.

In the resting lounge, a burly man sat there with his eyes shut. They suddenly opened and, like lightning, looked at Luo Feng.

“Him?” Luo Feng was shocked.

This man he knew, it was the man who was talking to Chief Instructor Zhu Ge, and one of the big four from the Thunder Dojo in Jiang-Nan city.

“My name is Wang Heng, and I’m the chief instructor of the thunder dojo” the man laughed, “Luo Feng, sit”.

Sit with this chief instructor face to face?

Luo Feng was shocked inside.

He completely understood how much authority this man held. A dojo’s chief instructor’s authority could be compared to a wargod’s! They have an astonishing amount of power. You could say that this burly man has Jiang-Nan city in his hands.

“Why don’t you sit, scared I’ll bite you? Haha…” the burly man started laughing loudly.

Luo Feng laughed and sat in front of him and said, “Mr. Wang, what business do you have with me today?”

“It’s simple”

The burly man smiled, “I looked into your family’s situation. You came from a regular family and your father works at a remodeling company while your mother works as a cashier in the supermarket. Your background isn’t that good, and yet you’ve been able to get to where you are at a mere 18 years old, which is really rare”

Luo Feng let out a complicated smile, indeed, he has worked far too long for this day.

“I really appreciate you, and I think you have a bright future”

“I officially invite you, Luo Feng, to join my thunder dojo!” The burly man looked at Luo Feng.

“I, I already signed a contract with the dojo of limits” Luo Feng smiled as he shaked his head.

The unconvinced burly man shaked his head and said, “A contract? If it’s a contract, you can just break it! It’s just a fee you have to pay. According to the fighter rules, the payment won’t exceed one hundred million. I believe that you are worth far more than this price! Our thunder dojo will pay this price for you!”

“Also, if you join, I’ll arrange a special training contract for you in our main worldwide thunder dojo headquarters!” The burly man laughed, “Every year, no more than 10 fighters will receive this invitation. Each of them will be a one of a kind genius. So far, we only sent out three invitations this year. One of them is a 20 year old advanced fighter from the European Union. Another genius from South America is a spirit reader! And our third is from Jiang-Hua city of China, a 16 year old intermediate fighter. You’ll be the fourth!”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to be shocked.

Each of the three were disgustingly strong. Clearly, the ‘Wan Dong’ and ‘Ma Xiao’ who were scouted weren’t qualified enough for this invitation.

But I am?

Truthfully, with just Luo Feng’s fitness level, he isn’t qualified for such a contract. However, along with this, he also has–his knowledge of the Ru Wei techniqueThis is enough for Luo Feng to receive the special training contract invitation. Since Luo Feng, who is only 18, has amazingly been able to learn the Ru Wei technique.

“As long as you join my thunder dojo, I’ll give you this contract and send you to our worldwide headquarters for training. You might even have a chance to get personally tutored by the legendary ‘Thunder Lord’” The burly man smiled as he said, “Luo Feng, our thunder dojo wholeheartedly invites you, to join us!”


Chapter 33: Home of Limits

The conditions set by Wang Heng have reached the limit, and he watched Luo Feng expectantly.

“Sorry” Luo Feng slightly bowed, “I thank the Thunder Dojo for their offer, but I have already decided to join the Dojo of Limits. I haven’t thought about transferring, so I am truly sorry”

Wang Heng was startled.

Rejected?

“You don’t want to take your time to think about this?” The burly man stared with his eyebrows raised.

“No” Luo Feng stood up and bowed, “Mr. Wang, if there’s nothing else, then I’ll be on my way” Luo Feng knew that things would just get awkward if he stayed after rejecting the offer.

Wang Heng stared at Luo Feng closely.

This young man doesn’t even falter in the face of temptation. Wang Heng couldn’t help but to sigh. He waved his hand and laughed, “Alright, I won’t nag you anymore. If you ever change your mind, the gates to my Thunder Dojo will always be open for you”

“Thank you, Mr. Wang” Luo Feng smiled as he left.

Right when Luo Feng left, Wang Heng’s face sank and he shouted, “Tell Wan Dong to come”

“Yes, Chief”

The people outside immediately went to notify Wan Dong.

“I can’t believe I just lost another genius to the Dojo of Limits” Wang Heng stroked his chin and his eyes squinted like a tiger’s, ” Ever since ‘Phantom Warlord’ retired because of a major injury, our Jiang-Nan city’s Thunder Dojo has always been at a disadvantage compared to the Dojo of Limits. Shit!”

Wang Heng is also nervous!

In the entire world, the Dojo of Limits and the Thunder Dojo are the two largest dojos! The creators of the dojos are the strongest and second strongest fighters! Naturally, the higher ups of each would greet each other with smiling faces. But in truth, they were completely against each other!”

However, in Jiang-Nan city, the Dojo of Limits has stronger influence.

“Chief”. The cold teenager Wan Dong walked over.

Even in Wan Dong’s look, he was full of confidence! Since he got more kills than Luo Feng in this time’s fighter combat exam and he ranked number one, his confidence has been growing.

“Hm, Wan Dong” Wang Heng let out a smile, “You are our Thunder Dojo’s best new recruit! However….. with your current power, you still cannot compare to Luo Feng”

“Chief” Wan Dong was startled.

I can’t compare to Luo Feng?

“Do you doubt my words?” Wang Heng raised his eyebrows.

Wan Dong shook his head, he knew the Chief Instructor in front of him used to be an advanced warlord. At the same time, he has the various special rights granted to him by the title of ‘Chief Instructor’. His authority rivals a wargod’s. How could this person spread lies?

“I’ll tell you truthfully. Your body fitness level isn’t worse than his. However, in a real battle, even three of you cannot defeat one Luo Feng” Wang Heng said heavily, “However, even though the current gap between you and him is large doesn’t mean you’ll always be weaker than him. What you need to do is seriously work hard and surpass him”

“I’ve met quite a few geniuses, but many geniuses fall!”

“A fighter walks on the border of life and death! Your good talent only means that you improve faster. Now that you just became a fighter….. your path just began! Don’t loosen up no matter what, Luo Feng is only the first opponent you must surpass. In the future you’ll be surpassing many more opponents” Wang Heng encouraged, “I hope one day, I’ll be able to witness the birth of a new wargod!”

Wan Dong’s blood boiled as he listened.

Yes, Luo Feng is just the first opponent. He’ll have to continuously surpass others until achieves the rank of wargod!

“Alright, go now. You’ve been slaughtering all night, so you should rest” Wang Heng smiled.

“Yes, Chief” Wan Dong left respectfully.

Wang Heng shook his head and sipped some tea. Ever since carrying the burden of the position of ‘Chief Instructor’, he’s been thinking of ways to help geniuses grow. Or to pressure them or attract them with scrolls and money to bring them to his dojo.

The more fighters he raises, the more solid his position becomes. “This Wan Dong might be able to give me a surprise in the future” laughed Wang Heng, “However, I won’t ask too much of him for now. It’ll be great if he could just reach Luo Feng. Heh….. Ru-Wei class at 18 years old and such a high body fitness level. What a great seed” Wang Heng shook his head and drank some tea as he tried not to think about it anymore.

Yes, no matter what, Luo Feng and Wan Dong are just “good seeds”.

In the northern military sector of Jiang-Nan city, Luo Feng and Yang Wu, who have already changed into casual clothes, were chatting as they walked.

“Crazy, there was something wrong with Wan Dong’s look as he glanced at you just now…. He even said he wanted to compete with you and see who can become a warlord first” Yang Wu said confusedly.

“Who knows what’s going on. It seems like Wan Dong already sees me as an opponent” Luo Feng was also suspicious towards Wan Dong’s words.

What he didn’t know was that after Wan Dong listened to Wang Heng’s words, Wan Dong has already treated Luo Feng as his first opponent!

“I gotta tell my family that I passed the exam” Luo Feng smiled as he took out his cell phone, “Brother Yang, you have to notify your family about the results too”

“Yup” Yang Wu laughed as he nodded.

Luo Feng and Yang Wu both called their family’s home phone.

…..

In one of Jiang-Nan city’s eight major cities, Yang Zhou city’s Ming-Yue sector.

“Hong Guo, your family’s Luo Feng will surely be able to pass this time’s fighter combat exam” Parents Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan pushed their son Luo Hua’s wheelchair and chatted with a balding old man.

“Is the fighter combat exam dangerous?” Gong Xin Lan couldn’t help but to ask, “My family’s Feng said there was no danger, but we checked online and we read that it actually was dangerous”

“Yes, it is a bit dangerous” The balding old man nodded, “According to what my son said, in a typical fighter combat exam, there’s usually a 3% to 5% death rate and around a 5% to 8% chance to become disabled. In other words, over a hundred prospective fighters are trashed”

Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan exchanged glances, both of them extremely anxious.

“Your family’s Feng is surely absolutely fine, so take it easy” laughed the balding old man.

“Yes, yes” Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan nodded. Although they did that on the outside, the husband and wife pair were still incredibly anxious inside.

Luo Hua said nothing as he sat on his wheelchair, but his fists were tightly clenched.

Suddenly-

A cheerful ringtone started ringing, and mother Gong Xin Lan took her cell phone out of her pocket and let out a face of joy. As she looked at the cell phone she said: “It’s Feng’s phone number”

“Hurry up and answer it” said Luo Hong Guo.

Luo Hua also stared at the phone, and even the balding old man smiled as he watched on the side.

“Hello” Gong Xin Lan answered.

“Mom, I passed the fighter combat exam. I’ll be able to return home tonight, so you better prepare good food” the sound carried from the cell phone and everyone around heard it.

Father Luo Hong Guo laughed and Luo Hua finally relaxed his clench fist and laughed along.

“Great, great, Mom will definitely prepare lots of good food” Gong Xin Lan was extremely excited.

August 2nd, evening, Yang Zhou city’s Ming-Yue sector.

“Luo Feng is back, congratulations”

“Congratulations my ass, that fighter combat exam was easy as pie to Luo Feng”

As Luo Feng walked, he smiled as he greeted several fighters. There are way fewer fighters than regular people in society. In this Ming-Yue sector, all the families here are fighter’s. Not only that, but all of them have joined the Dojo of Limits, so naturally their relationship would be good.

“Mom, Dad” Luo Feng saw his parents and the home’s nanny all standing in front of the door to home.

“Let’s eat, let’s eat” Luo Hong Guo immediately started laughing. That night Luo Feng and his family had a great time, since starting from now, from the perspective of the law, Luo Feng is officially a fighter!

Until after 11 PM.

Inside Luo Feng’s recording room on the second floor of his home.

“They said that after you become an official fighter, you can enter the Dojo of Limit’s internal fighter network!” Luo Feng was a bit excited, some special internal networks require a special identification to enter. Only the fighters of the Dojo of Limits have the right to enter the internal fighter network — Home of Limits!

And as long as you’re a fighter, you’ll be able to log into the HR alliance channel.

“Home of Limits” Luo Feng typed in the URL through his keyboard.

After a moment, a large screen that was easily 200 inches appeared on one of the walls of the video recording room. The screen immediately displayed the website ‘Home of Limits’.

[beep] Luo Feng finished validating his fingerprint.

Elegant music like a flowing river played throughout the video room. At the same time, the large screen showed the profiles of individual people. One of those profiles had Luo Feng’s photo on it, and below it was this information form–

Name: Luo Feng

Sex: Male

Address: Jiang-Nan city, China

Fighter identification number: 426123205608010002

Level: Warrior (intermediate)

Contribution: 0 Points

Balance: 20000000 Chinese dollars


Chapter 34: The cause of Luo Feng’s headaches

In the silent video room, Luo Feng sipped a bit of his fresh brewed tea. His gaze, however, was focused on the huge screen on the wall of the video recording room: “Twenty million Chinese dollars? The money that the Dojo of Limits promised to me certainly did arrive”. There were a row of buttons on the very top of the webpage.

One of them continuously flashed and read – “You have two new messages”

Luo Feng’s finger lightly tapped the wireless keyboard’s touch screen to open the messages.

[HUA!]

The first message opened and a video message came out.

“Hello, Mr. Luo Feng” A middle-aged man wearing a black suit appeared on the huge screen. He smiled as he said, “I am Chief Zhu Ge’s assistant. I’m sure you have already seen the twenty million that Chief Zhu Ge promised you. To buy your blade, agility, and technique scrolls, you can purchase them through the internal network. As long as their price doesn’t exceed 100 million, the internal network will transfer the payments to the Dojo of Limits so you won’t have to pay. However, if the cost exceeds 100 million, then Mr. Luo Feng will have to pay the exceeding part. At the same time, I represent the Chief to congratulate Mr. Luo Feng’s success in the fighter combat exam”

After that was said, the video came to an end.

“The Dojo of Limits is treating me quite well” Luo Feng opened the second message.

This message also contained a video.

“Hello, respected new fighter ‘Luo Feng’. I represent the Dojo of Limits, and I welcome you to our large family” A kind faced woman smiled as she said, “This is your first time entering the Dojo of Limits’ internal network–Home of Limits! Allow me to tell you how to use the various functions of the Home of Limits”

“First, in the Home of Limits, you can purchase various weapons, techniques, agility scrolls, and offensive scrolls like blade scrolls, spear scrolls, sword scrolls, etc. There are also heated weapons, transportation tools, protective gears, communication systems, special bombs, special medicines, genetic medicines……There are even some rare ingredients and treasures. As long as you have enough money, you can buy all of them”

“Once you pay, the good will arrive within 24 hours”

“Through the Limit Home, you can even ask for a warlord or even a wargod fighter to tutor you one on one through the internet. Likewise, you have to be able to pay the money”

The girl in the video smiled and said, “If you have enough contribution points, then all the goods described above will be half price!”

Luo Feng was shocked after hearing this.

Half?

So as long as he has enough contribution points, a good that’s worth 100 million can be bought for fifty million? There sure are many places to use these contribution points. However, his contribution points still remain at 0 right now.

“There are many uses for contribution points. Not only can you buy goods with them, but once you reach a certain point, you can use them to call the special forces of the Dojo of Limits” the girl in the video smiled and said, “Higher contribution points represents more power, benefits, and authority in my Dojo of Limits”

“There are two main ways to earn contribution points”

“First, you can kill monsters and pick certain materials from their bodies, and sell these important materials to the Dojo of Limits! You can earn money and contribution points this way”

“Second, you can donate to the Dojo of Limits. The more you donate, the more contribution points you receive. The rate right now is….. 10 thousand Chinese dollars for one contribution point! In the donation system, the minimum donation is 10 million Chinese dollars, and the maximum amount a fighter can donate is 100 billion. In other words–through the donation system, you can earn up to 10 million contribution points!”

After Luo Feng heard this, he took a deep breath.

The fuck?

There’s a limit to donating? The maximum is 100 billion? They won’t accept any more than that? 100 billion chinese dollars, it seems like the richest man in China only has a little more than 100 billion. In the Forbes ranking for the wealthiest people on earth, the richest man only has like 120 billion American dollars, which is equivalent to 420 billion Chinese dollars.

Of course, Forbes ranks only the surface. Some huge families’ entire savings exceed some of the richest people. However, that’s an entire family’s savings.

“Mr. Luo Feng, let me remind you that the best way to earn contribution points is by hunting monsters. Not only can you earn contribution points, but also earn money” the girl in the video smiled and said, “Even though you have a large principal, don’t buy things immediately. You can enter the fighter’s discussion database and carefully learn some of the basic knowledge a fighter needs. This will help you when you’re picking a scroll or buying a weapon”

“Finally, I hope Mr. Luo Feng can get to the very top of the fighters in our huge family in the Dojo of Limits”

After saying that, the girl in the video bowed and then the video ended.

Luo Feng was speechless after listening…..

There is indeed a huge use for the internal network ‘Home of Limits’. The thing that attracts Luo Feng the most is that you could actually use money to get a warlord or even a wargod level fighter to tutor you one on one through the internet.

Even though he had twenty million Chinese dollars, Luo Feng wasn’t in a rush to buy any of the weapons. He first tried to get used to the Home of Limits’ internal network. The Home of Limits website has many functions. There were a wide variety of different boards: receiving missions, posting missions, chatting, training, and donating.

However, the two largest boards that attracted Luo Feng were the ‘Fighter discussions’ and ‘Internet market’ boards.

In the internet market, there were all sorts of Dao Yin technique scrolls, agility scrolls, blade scrolls, heated weapons, chilled weapons, genetic medicines, a LuoWanXiang*, etc. In a phrase–the internet market is a place to spend money.

“Fighter discussions”

Luo Feng clicked into the board and saw a thread named “Basic fighter knowledge database”. In this thread, there were no replies; it was just a huge amount of basic data.

“Spirit reader, spirit reader…..”

Luo Feng kept scrolling through the page as he tried to find some sort of introduction on spirit readers, finally-

“Hm? It’s this”

Luo Feng saw a section – “A basic sketch on spirit readers”

“Fellow brothers, since it seems to me that people know very little about spirit readers, let me give a basic introduction” After Luo Feng read this first sentence, he laughed. It was clear that this so called fighter database was just a bunch of posts from fighters put together; it wasn’t formal at all.

“Spirit readers could be called the most feared group in the circle of fighters”

“First, you can’t train to become a spirit reader. Every spirit reader is naturally gifted and awaken by themselves!” the language used in the post was quite casual, “Before they awaken, the might just be a regular fighter. However, once they awaken….. then they’ll be off the charts!”

“Why are they off the charts?”

“Well first, there are two types of spirit readers. One type has the power of telekinesis. In other words, they can control a needle or a blade and use them to conduct long ranged attacks! The objects controlled by their telekinesis is way more powerful than the bullets from a type heavy sniper rifle. The bullets from a sniper rifle are almost always straight. However, there are no rules to the objects that the spirit reader controls! Not only can they move freely, but their damage is also different”

“For example, there are limits to the damage that the bullets of a machine gun or a type heavy sniper rifle can do. A top grade sniper rifle will have trouble killing a basic level commander. However, the power of a needle or blade that the spirit reader controls grows stronger with their spiritual force! There are many spirit readers that can kill horde leaders*”

*TL note: in case you forgot (last mentioned in vol 2 ch 10, but since I haven’t been translating for a while that was quite a long time ago), the monsters have three different ranks: soldiers, commanders, and horde leaders.

“Other than the type that uses telekinesis, the second type directly uses their spiritual force to attack!”

“This type is more mysterious. They directly attack the monster’s soul, and once they succeed, the monster will die without a single wound on their body! However, attacking a soul is pretty hard, so I heard that spirit readers that know of the ‘Spiritual attack’ technique are extremely rare”

“Other than the ‘Telekinesis’ and ‘Spiritual attack’ techniques, there are legendary spirit readers that know more techniques. It’s just that I’m not too sure of those”

Luo Feng read word by word, not even missing a single point. “However, the thing I’m most jealous of is the rate of growth of the spirit readers! Spirit readers naturally have a powerful spiritual force. It’s just that when they are young, their bodies can’t handle all of that spiritual force, so it sleeps within their subconsciousness. When their body gets stronger and stronger, until it reaches a certain level, the spiritual force will show itself!”

“The stronger the body, the more spiritual force it can withstand!”

“The fighter levels of warrior (beginner, intermediate, advanced), warlord (beginner, intermediate, advanced), and wargod (beginner, intermediate, advanced), nine different levels in all! Body fitness level usually has a difference of two levels compared to spiritual force. For example, if someone’s fitness level is at the level of a beginner warrior, then that spirit reader would usually be an advanced warrior! If their body was at the level of an intermediate warrior, then that spirit reader would be a beginner warlord……”

“Spirit readers have extremely rapid growth periods!”

“Since a spirit reader naturally has a very powerful spiritual force, it just sleeps in their subconsciousness! Whenever their body gets stronger, the sleeping spiritual force will show more of itself….. the stronger the body, the stronger the spiritual force….. until one day, when all of the sleeping spiritual force has showed itself. After that happens, the growth rate of a spirit reader will start to slow down”

When Luo Feng read this part, he couldn’t help but to hesitate.

So…..

When a spirit reader gets stronger, it actually just means that the sleeping spiritual force is showing itself. Only with a strong body can you withstand enough spiritual force!

“So a spirit reader’s potential depends on how much spiritual force they have within them”

“Sometimes the sleeping spiritual force takes the shape of a liquid substance or a half solid, half liquid substance. Sometimes they’re even completely solid!”

“According to legend, if the spiritual force takes the shape of a solid, then the spiritual force is extremely great! They’re the ones with the most potential out of all the spirit readers. As their body grows, the spiritual force in the solid will continuously release, which makes them even stronger”

“Until one day, when the solid completely dissolves, will their rapid growth period end!”

Luo Feng suppressed his excitement and continued reading until he finished the entire thing.

After that, Luo Feng continued to search the database and managed to find two more introductions on spirit readers.

“What they outlined were pretty much the same, so it looks like they’re true” Luo Feng nodded, “then….. the dark, golden ball in my consciousness should be a large amount of spiritual force in the form of a solid! I’m sure lucky to have survived my awakening”

Luo Feng was amazed.

According to what he read in the three posts’ introductions, when a spirit reader awakens, a huge amount of powerful spiritual force explodes in their subconsciousness. If their awakening fails, then they might become retarded, a vegetable human, or even die of blood loss!

“No wonder I had a slight headache almost every day of my childhood. I even had a few comas” Luo Feng realized, “It looks like that was because my body was too weak and couldn’t handle my powerful spiritual force, which caused the headaches! Now that my fitness level has rose, the headaches became less frequent. Now, my headaches are completely nonexistent”

Ever since Luo Feng awakened, his headaches disappeared.

“I can’t believe that dark, golden ball was the form my spiritual force is taking”

“I wonder how much spiritual force is inside that” wondered Luo Feng.


Chapter 35: Buy it or not?

Luo Feng went through many posts in the fighter discussion board, such as “50 frequently asked questions on hunting monsters”, “basic wilderness survival knowledge”, “how to avoid angering horde leader level monsters”, “28 ways to escape”…… all sorts of posts. Reading these allowed Luo Feng to learn a lot, and also understand the hardships of a fighter! Fighters may have high positions in society, but they put their lives on the line for it!

“Yes, these posts sure have a point”

“Technique, attacks, and Dao Yin techniques. These three major scrolls are the most important to fighters! The Dao Yin techniques determine how much their strength rises while techniques and attacks determine their combat strength” Luo Feng read the post and agreed. These three scrolls are indeed the most important to a fighter.

If you have money, you should throw them at these three scrolls!

“No wonder the Dojo of Limits allowed me to have these three scrolls for free” Luo Feng knew that the Dojo of Limits obviously wanted their own fighters to become stronger.

“Let’s go in the internet market and see what’s there”

luo Feng tapped the touch screen of the wireless keyboard and entered the webpage of the internet market board.

Suddenly–All sorts of specific classifications for goods appeared on the large screen on the wall of the video room. Luo Feng picked ‘scroll’–after pressing ‘attack type’ three times, the screen suddenly showed photos of the scrolls, their names, and their prices.

DestroyerType: Spear. Rating: Legendary. Price: 100 billion Chinese dollars (full price), 50 billion Chinese dollars (half price requirement: 4 star contribution rank)

Nine Stage Thunder BladeType: Blade. Rating: Legendary. Price: 100 billion Chinese dollars (full price), 50 billion Chinese dollars (half price requirement: 4 star contribution rank)

……

Phantom Blade secretsType: Blade. Rating: SS. Price: 10 billion Chinese dollars (full price), 5 billion Chinese dollars (half price requirement: 3 star contribution rank)

……

Mist SwordType: Blade. Rating: S. Price: 3 billion Chinese dollars (full price), 1.5 billion Chinese dollars (half price requirement: 3 star contribution rank)

……

……

When Luo Feng saw the large list of scrolls, his eyes widened.

“Holy shit, they even sell the world’s strongest fighter’s (‘Hong) spear techniqueDestroyer ?And thisNine Stage Thunder Blade is the technique of the second strongest fighter ‘Thunder Lord’?”Luo Feng was immediately attracted to the very top of the page, where the spear and blade techniques were rated legendary. However, the price of them left him wide-eyed.

They all cost 100 billion?

And a half price of 50 billion requires a contribution rank of 4 stars?

“A 4 star contribution rank, doesn’t that mean 100 million contribution points?” Luo Feng was very clear on the different contribution ranks.

10 thousand contribution points represents 1 star.

100 thousand contribution points represents 2 stars.

1,000 thousand contribution points represents 3 stars.

10,000 thousand contribution points represents 4 stars.

Once you reach 50,000 thousand contribution points, you reach the legendary 5 star rank! To reach the 5 star rank is virtually impossible; the difficulty is way too high.

*TL note: Yes I know 1,000 thousand is a million but I thought it would be nice to easily see the increments of 10 like the original version.

“Destroyerthe name of the world’s strongest attack technique” Luo Feng pressed Destroyer, and was curious about the overall introduction for the Destroyersince this is the world’s strongest spear attack, most of the fighters that see this scroll would want to see an overview.

“Hm?” Luo Feng stared.

There were even more prices inside the webpage for the “Destroyer” scroll.

DestroyerAll six levels–Price: 100 billion Chinese dollars (full price), 50 billion Chinese dollars (half price requirement: 4 star contribution rank)

DestroyerFirst five levels–Price: 40 billion Chinese Dollars (full price), 20 billion Chinese dollars (half price requirement: 4 star contribution rank)

DestroyerFIrst four levels–Price: 15 billion Chinese dollars (full price), 7.5 billion Chinese dollars (half price requirement: 3 star contribution rank)

……

DestroyerFirst level–Price: 200 million Chinese dollars (full price), 100 million Chinese dollars (half price requirement: 1 star contribution rank)

“What? You can even buy this scroll in parts?” Luo Feng thought for a bit. Indeed, for an ultimate spear technique like the Destroyer, who could afford the entire thing? That price is practically sky high! And even if someone does buy it, they have to start from the first level. And how many fighters can actually train to the sixth level?

Probably most fighters will be stuck on the first level for their entire lives; they’ll never be able to start training on the second level.

“This ultimate scroll… no wonder it’s the strongest fighter’s attack technique” Luo Feng stared at the introduction, “I can’t believe this spear technique is actually a package. If you buy this scroll, you basically buy both a technique scroll and an attack scroll” Luo Feng was envious.

Sadly, he trains with a blade.

And he couldn’t afford a price like that in the first place.

“Nine Stage Thunder Bladelike the Destroyer, is also an ultimate scroll” Luo Feng immediately opened the Nine Stage Thunder Blade’s websiteIf we say Luo Feng looked at the Destroyerscroll for the sake of curiositythen he’ll be looking at theNine Stage Thunder Blade with expectation and desire!

“Nine Stage Thunder Blade”, this is the scroll that a blade wielding fighter would want the most!

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked at the description.

The description says that theNine Stage Thunder Bladeis the hardest blade technique to learn on eartheven though it’s called a blade technique, it also incorporates agility and a unique Dao Yin technique! So the reason why the Nine Stage Thunder Bladeis hard to learn is because it requires too much strength, reflex, etc. from your body.

“A blade technique also has agility and a Dao Yin technique?” Luo Feng was overjoyed.

If the price isn’t absurd, then he can buy it!

Luo Feng looked closely at the price –

Nine Stage Thunder BladeAll nine stages–Price: 100 billion Chinese dollars (full price), 50 billion Chinese dollars (half price requirement: four star contribution rank)

Nine Stage Thunder BladeFirst eight stages–Price: 50 billion Chinese dollars (full price), 25 billion Chinese Dollars (half price requirement: four star contribution rank)

……

Nine Stage Thunder BladeFirst five stages–Price: 2 billion Chinese dollars (full price), 1 billion Chinese dollars (half price requirement: 3 star contribution rank)

Nine Stage Thunder BladeFirst four stages–Price: 500 million Chinese dollars (full price), 250 million Chinese dollars (half price requirement: two star contribution rank)

Nine Stage Thunder BladeFirst three stages–Price: 200 million Chinese dollars (full price), 100 million Chinese dollars (half price requirement: two star contribution rank)

Nine Stage Thunder BladeFirst two stages–Price: 100 million Chinese dollars (full price), 50 million Chinese dollars (half price requirement: two star contribution rank)

Nine Stage Thunder BladeFirst stage–Price: 50 million Chinese dollars (full price), 25 million Chinese dollars (half price requirement: two star contribution rank)

WHen Luo Feng saw these prices, it was clear that theNine Stage Thunder Bladehad a full nine stages and it’s price was a bit cheaper than the Destroyer’s.

“Hm?” Luo Feng raised his eyebrow. At the bottom of the website there was an alert written in red letters–‘Nine Stage Thunder Bladeis an ultimate blade technique and is extremely hard to learn and begin. There are tons of fighters all over the planet who have tried to learn this technique but couldn’t even get into the first stage. When picking this technique, please be careful!’

When Luo Feng saw this alert, he hesitated.

Apparently this technique is very hard to learn. However, if you manage to successfully learn it, then it’s power is immensely high,

Buy it or not?

Since this is not a small number at all!

……

In the dim video room, the large screen was displaying the introduction of the Nine Stage Thunder Bladewhile Luo Feng silently sat on the couch as he contemplated. If he really was going to buy the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, then it wouldn’t be a small number at all! The amount of money he would spent would be sky high for even a fighter.

“If I’m going to train, then I’m going to train in the best one!” Luo Feng clenched his teeth and his eyes flashed, “I don’t believe that I won’t be able to learn this!”

Ever since he was little, Luo Feng has always been seriously training bitterly.

“I’m a spirit reader and my hidden spiritual force in my subconsciousness has taken the form of a dark, golden ball! My strength will surely have a period of rapid growth. I just don’t believe that I won’t be able to successfully learn the

Nine Stage Thunder Blade” Luo Feng has always had a belief, which is the belief that the Dojo of Limits instructors teach their students–Pursue your limits, surpass your limits!

There was also another saying–‘A fighter that doesn’t want to become the world’s strongest fighter, isn’t a qualified fighter!’

“Nine Stage Thunder BladeI know I can successfully learn it” Luo Feng took a deep breath and lightly tapped the display.

“Please confirm whether or not you want to purchase the first three stages of the

Nine Stage Thunder Blade, you need to pay 100 million Chinese dollars!” An alert appeared on the large screen. Since it’s Luo Feng’s first purchase, according to the his contract with the Dojo of Limits, he can ignore the contribution rank requirement for the half price deal.

“Confirm!” Luo Feng tapped it.

“Please confirm your identity via fingerprint to confirm again” a reminder appeared on the screen.

Luo Feng put his finger on the wireless keyboard’s fingerprint scanner.

[BEEP!]

“Identity confirmed”

“Purchase successful!”

“Discount successful!”

“The first three stages of the Nine Stage Thunder Bladewill arrive at Mr. Luo Feng’s home within 24 hours” consecutive notices appeared on the screen.

TL note: I kept changing the scroll names because I kept forgetting what I should put for them (so in this chapter, I said technique, attack, and Dao Yin technique). From now on, instead of technique, I’m just going to say agility (attack and Dao Yin technique will remain the same). Sorry for any confusion that may have caused.


Chapter 36: Expensive Equipment

“Luckily my contract allows my first purchase to ignore the contribution rank restriction” Luo Feng felt his heart pounding rapidly. It couldn’t be helped; this was 100 million Chinese dollars! Buying Zhang Hao Bai’s line of villas would be easy.

Furthermore, Luo Feng’s family was always poor. One could imagine how he felt to use 100 million all up at once!

“Thankfully this isn’t my money” Luo Feng grinned.

The scroll purchasing was a success. Next…. buying weapons, battle uniform, etc.

“I have a principal of 20 million. I’ll try to save where I can” Luo Feng opened the list of weapons and quickly found the 2nd series ‘Ghost Blade’.

Ghost blade 2nd series, Model A1–Price: 100 thousand Chinese dollars (full price), 50 thousand Chinese dollars (half price requirement: 1 star contribution rank)

Ghost blade 2nd series, Model A2–Price: 500 thousand Chinese dollars (full price), 250 thousand Chinese dollars (half price requirement: 1 star contribution rank)

……

…………2nd series, Model A5–Price: 6 million Chinese dollars (full price), 3 million Chinese dollars (half price requirement: 1 star contribution rank)

……

Luo Feng looked carefully at the models’ descriptions and couldn’t help but to frown, “My strength rises at a rapid rate now. I’m sure that my body fitness level will rise to the border of an advanced level warrior soon. Since I’m buying a weapon, I should try to buy a good one”

If it was a regular intermediate level warrior…

He can just purchase either the A2 or A3 model. You only have to donate 10 thousand dollars to get one contribution point!

The so called one contribution point is to differentiate between the fighters from your own Dojo and those from outside. The Dojo of Limits owns an internal network–Home of Limits’ ‘Internet Market’, but they also have an actual fighter market. Fighters outside of the dojo can buy their goods too, but they must pay the full price!

“With my rate of growth, I’ll have to buy at least an A5 or A6 model ghost blade” nodded Luo Feng, “But these models require a one star contribution rank!”

“A one star rank is 10 thousand contribution points!”

His first purchase ignored the contribution rank restriction and he managed to buy the scroll with the best price. However, this kind of offer only lasted for his first scroll purchase.

His weapons, battle uniform, etc. won’t have these kinds of

deals at all.

“Ghost blade model A6’s full price is 20 million. Model A5’s full price is 6 million” Luo Feng shook his head. The A5 model can fight most of the ‘medium-level commander’ monsters without worrying about the weapon breaking. The A6 model weapon can fight most of the ‘high-level commander’ monsters without worrying about the weapon breaking.

With his current rate of growth, an earlier model weapon is clearly not suitable.

“Buy them at full price? Too expensive” Luo Feng shook his head.

“Let’s check the shields”

Luo Feng opened up the webpage for the shields and as he looked closely, he noticed that the price of the shields were way lower than the blades’. A B5 model that can block a ‘medium level commander’ costs 3 million Chinese dollars at full price and 1.5 million Chinese dollars at half price. However, the contribution rank requirement is also 1 star!

“Bag”

When living in the wilderness and fighting with monsters, the type of bag you carry with you is also special. First, the bag itself needs to be high quality, and it shouldn’t hinder the fighter’s movements when he fights with monsters.

“The cheapest bag requires only one contribution point. A better one is only 10 thousand dollars” Luo Feng let out a smile.

“A tactical communications watch has time, GPS, a phone, and many more functions. The price is not bad too, only 10 thousand dollars” In reality, those functions aren’t worth that much money. In the market nowadays, the phones that cost a few hundred dollars can also make calls, show time, and have a GPS system built into them. The only reason it costs 10 thousand dollars is because the material it’s made out of is expensive!

When fighting with a monster, their claws might touch the watch! The watch has to be sturdy enough to withstand a monster’s attack, so how could it be cheap?

“I already checked out the blade, shield, watch, and bag. Now there’s only one thing left…. the battle uniform including the boots” Luo Feng already heard that the battle uniform is the most expensive gear on the fighter! Because not only does the defense have to be good, but it also has to be comfortable and not get in the way of the fighter’s dodging.

Luo Feng opened it to see…..

“Holy!”

“So expensive!”

Luo Feng was dumbfounded, “Even though it’s a D5 edition battle uniform that includes bracers and boots as a set and can deflect a medium-level commander, the full price is 18 million Chinese dollars, and the half price is 9 million. The D6 requires 80 million Chinese dollars for the full price. “I knew that the battle uniforms were expensive, but I didn’t know that the 5th series battle uniform is three times more expensive than the blade of the same series!

Now for the calculations…..

If we use the 5th series for all of them–The entire battle uniform set is 18 million, the ghost blade is 6 million, the shield is 3 million, so 27 million total! If he had a one star contribution rank, then he would only need 13.5 million.

The prices tactical communications watch and the bag are nothing compared to the battle uniform’s!

“I still want to buy some throwing knives that I could control with my spiritual force! I should buy at least six or ten of them” Luo Feng opened the throwing knives page. Throwing knives are just some small items. They are small in size and low in weight, so naturally they should be way cheaper than the ghost blade.

A 5th series throwing knife is only 50 thousand Chinese dollars for the full price.

6th series, 300 thousand Chinese dollars for the full price.

7th series, the full price is an astounding 3 million Chinese dollars, and half price is 1.5 million (requirement: 2 star contribution rank), a full 10x increase! If you put enough strength behind it, a 7th series throwing knife can easily harm a low-level horde leader monster. The difference between a commander and a horde leader is huge, but who knew that the weapon’s prices will have such a huge difference too.

“My spiritual force is powerful and it’ll continue to grow rapidly. I was planning on buying a 7th series throwing knife, but one knife is 3 million, and the half price requirement is a 2 star contribution rank! If I buy 5 or 6, that’s already more than 10 million!”

“How can I afford this?”

“This money, isn’t even enough at all” Luo Feng thought that a principal of twenty million dollars was plenty, but he realized that a fighter’s equipment is absurdly expensive.

What Luo Feng didn’t know, was that the prices weren’t absurd at all!

A horde leader level monster can’t even be killed by a guided missile! For a throwing knife to be able to pierce them, one could guess how high the quality of the knife must be! One knife for 3 million is reasonable.

……

When fighters spend money to buy their equipment, they have to spend a lot. However, they also earn a ton of money when hunting monsters.

Sadly, Luo Feng hasn’t started making money yet.

At around 10 AM on the second day.

Ming-Yue sector, a stranger came to Luo Feng’s villa’s garden.

“Mr. Luo Feng, here is the scroll you purchased. Your fingerprint will be able to open it”

Luo Feng accepted the sent sealed alloyed box and slid his finger across the top of the alloyed box, “[BEEP!] Fingerprint test passed” a metallic sound arose and the alloyed box opened up. A book that was around one cm thick was inside. There were also two discs on the book.

“Nine stage Thunder Blade” Luo Feng saw the four words on the book.

“Mr. Luo Feng, try opening it. After confirming, please sign” said the delivery boy as he smiled, but there was a bit of admiration in his eye as he looked towards Luo Feng.

Nine stage Thunder Blade!

The average fighter couldn’t afford this.

“Mr. Luo Feng, I’m sure you’re aware of the taboos that come with your purchase?” the delivery boy smiled, “According to the rules, I’ll say them

….. The ownership of the scroll goes to the creator of the scroll, Nine Stage Thunder Bladeis copyrighted by Thunder GodPeople who have purchased it only have the right to learn it, but not the right to teach it. You are not allowed to copy it and sell it or teach it privately. If someone breaks the rule, the Dojo of Limits, the Thunder Dojo, the Underground Alliance, and the government will work together to hunt them down!”

Luo Feng nodded, of course he knew this rule.

After confirming, the delivery boy left.

“Just this one scroll and two discs is worth 100 million Chinese dollars” Luo Feng stood in his garden and was amazed, “Seems like making a scroll makes the most money. For example, if more people buy Thunder God’s Nine Stage Thunder Bladethen he earns more money.” After calculating for a bit, it’s not hard to find out how much money Thunder God makes.

However…. for Thunder God, the creator of the ‘Thunder Dojo’, money probably doesn’t mean much to him.

Right when Luo Feng was about to enter his home with his scroll, “Luo Feng” a voice arose.

Luo Feng turned his head, and the person who came to visit was the Dojo of Limits’ chief instructor ‘Wu Tong’.

“Uncle Wu” Luo Feng laughed.

“I just saw the delivery guy at headquarters, you buy something?” Wu Tong laughed.

“Yes” Luo Feng nodded.

“Nine Stage Thunder Blade?” Wu Tong looked at the four words on the scroll in Luo Feng’s hands and was shocked, “You, you actually could afford this?” Scrolls were strictly controlled by all the large powers on earth.

“The money I spent wasn’t my money anyway” Luo Feng laughed and randomly said, “However, I found out that I really don’t have enough money to spend. Blades, battle uniforms, etc. require so much money”

“Oh yea, Luo Feng, I came here to tell you something” chief instructor ‘Wu Tong’ laughed as he said, “Not too long ago, wasn’t there a young man named Zhang Hao Bai who offended you?”

Luo Feng was startled, Zhang Hao Bai? Luo Feng didn’t even have a chance to get back at him yet.

“Yea, he got someone to try and break my arms and legs in the past” nodded Luo Feng.

“Well it’s like this. Zhang Hao Bai’s uncle, ‘Zhang Ze Hu’, is a fighter from the Thunder Dojo. He asked the chief instructor of the Thunder Dojo here in Yang Zhou city to help resolve this. He wants to resolve this matter privately with you” chief instructor ‘Wu Tong’ laughed, “Luo Feng, aren’t you low in money? This is a big chance to earn money, you could take advantage of this opportunity to earn a ton!”


Chapter 37: Negotiations

Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat.

In the fighter discussion board in the ‘Home of Limits’, there were many posts about grudges between fighters. For example, in China, fighters in the six major headquarters are under the government’s control and are subject to law! However, once they leave the city and enter the monsters’ area, there was no law to resolve anything.

That was a place where fighters and monsters fight, a place with no laws! The fighters all walked on the border between life and death, so cases where fighters kill each other over their conflicts are common.

All the large dojos, the government, etc. don’t want to see this kind of thing happen.

Fighters, are the wealth of humans!

They’re the only thing they have that can fight against monsters; they don’t want the fighters to have any internal feuds. So from this came the ‘Internal Negotiations’ which ‘settled’ the arguments. People have grudges, okay, let’s settle them at the table to end them. It’s another saying if there is absolutely no way to resolve them.

“Luo Feng, you’re still a rookie that just entered the circle of fighters. It’s best to not make any enemies” smiled chief instructor Wu Tong as he said, “You also need money right when you start”

“Okay”

Luo Feng nodded. If they can resolve it, then so be it, “Uncle Wu, I can’t let Zhang Hao Bai off easily! If I was weak, then my legs and arms would’ve been broken”

“But of course” nodded Wu Tong as he said, “if we don’t let them bleed, they might think my Dojo of Limits is afraid of them”

“Uncle Wu, what price do you think I should offer?” asked Luo Feng. He didn’t know the rules, so he thought it would be better to get some advice.

After pondering, Wu Tong said, “If it was just a regular person who messed with you, then you shouldn’t go past 50 million Chinese dollars! And Luo Feng, you are an elite of our Dojo of Limits, so you shouldn’t go too low either. No lower than 10 million Chinese dollars! Between 10 to 50 million, you can just randomly pick a number”

“Okay” Luo Feng nodded his head as he considered his choices.

“If you agree, then I’ll tell them to come over tonight to meet us” laughed Wu Tong.

“Okay, thanks uncle Wu” laughed Luo Feng as he nodded.



Luo Feng first returned home to put his Nine Stage Thunder Bladescroll awayand then entered the internal network ‘Home of Limits’ to try and find some information on private negotiations between fighters.

“Oh….. so it’s like this”

“Reputation also ties in with this payment money”

Luo Feng consecutively read many posts and finally felt that he had an idea about what tonight’s negotiations would be like.

“Feng, it’s time to eat” mother Gong Xin Lan’s voice came from downstairs.

“Coming, mom”

Luo Feng turned off the power and then headed downstairs.

In the living room downstairs, his father and mother were carrying the plates and bowls around while the maid cooked.

“Where’s Luo Hua?” asked Luo Feng doubtfully, “he still hasn’t returned?”. Right now, there are two hired maids, both around 40 years old. One of them was hired just to take care of Luo Hua, since it would be more convenient for Luo Feng: with someone looking over his brother, he can go outside more.

“Your brother is at the lotus flower lake park, he just called to tell us he’ll be here soon” said father Luo Hong Guo as he smiled.

“How come brother has been going to that park all the time these days?” asked Luo Feng.

Mother Gong Xin Lan laughed softly on the side: “Feng, your brother has a girlfriend”

“Girlfriend?” Luo Feng was surprised. Even though there were many handicapped people in society these days, for example the soldiers who fought in the army and came back crippled from fighting monsters…… although handicapped people can also get into relationships, marry, and have children, but Luo Hua hasn’t even been here for over a month yet.

In such a short time, in a relationship?

“Feng, don’t listen to your mother. Your brother is spending time with a girl, but they aren’t at that point yet” laughed Luo Hong Guo.

“Who cares, it’s good if he can get into a relationship” Luo Feng was happy inside. No matter what the result of this relationship is, it’s an experience of life. This experience is good for him.



Yang Zhou city’s Yi-An* region, sky garden sector.

*TL note: If any of you actually still remember from vol. 1 ch. 14~15, I wrongfully wrote Zhi-An sector for the location of the sky garden sector (it’s supposed to be Yi-An. sorry about that)

“Uncle” Zhang Hao Bai looked at his uncle Zhang Ze Hu. Zhang Hao Bai went through these recent days in a state of fear and nervousness. He was even afraid that someone from the security agency will come and snatch him away.

“Hu, as long as we can keep Hao Bai, it’s ok if we go through some pain” Zhang Ze Long couldn’t help but to say.

“Bro, rest assured!” Zhang Ze Hu was very large and muscular and he gave off a feeling of an unrivaled, ferocious beast. Zhang Ze Hu grinned and showed his snow white teeth, “That little rabbit Luo Feng, just a rookie fighter! All he did was fight the weakest monsters raised by the military to become a fighter, he should know the rules! Those who shouldn’t have caused trouble, actually caused trouble….. hmph, messing with the Mountain Tiger* is asking for death!”

*TL note: This is basically his nickname which will be mentioned again later.

Seeing how his uncle was so confident, Zhang Ze Long and Zhang Hao Bai let out a sigh of relief.

“Alright, leave it to me, I’ll be going”

After waving, Zhang Ze Hu headed out.

Outside was a heavy, six-wheeled, remodeled hummer. There was even someone inside waving out and smiling as he shouted: “Brother Hu, ready?”

“Yup, go and pick up old Li and then we’ll head to the Dojo of Limits” Zhang Ze Hu got on the car and waved as he said.

“ALRIGHT!”

The hummer let out a low, powerful noise and swiftly left the sky garden sector.

Around evening, in Yang Zhou city’s Ming-Yue sector’s Limit Hall’s 2nd floor’s lobby, Luo Feng and his group were there.

“Feng, what a coincidence. Your uncle Kong and big brother Chen are here” laughed Wu Tong loudly. Luo Feng also greeted the two people beside Wu Tong. One of them seemed extremely skinny and had a scar on his face that looked like it cut his face in half. Just looking at him strikes fear in you.

The other man was a burly man who you could tell was enthusiastic just by looking at him.

“Brother Chen, uncle Kong” yelled Luo Feng.

These two people weren’t ordinary people. In the Limit Hall here in Yang-Zhou city, there were three warlord level fighters: Chief Instructor Wu Tong, ‘Fire Cannon’ Chen Gu, and ‘Hawk Blade’ Kong Quan. Wu Tong already retired from monster hunting, while ‘Fire Cannon’ Chen Gu and ‘Hawk Blade’ Kong Quan frequently leave the city to hunt monsters.

These two people were the leading figures in the circle of fighters in the Ming-Yue sector.

“Feng, we already know about the situation. Rest assured, we’ll stick out for you in this case!” laughed Fire Cannon Chen Gu, “Damn, no matter how cocky these Thunder Dojo people get, they won’t mess with us”

“Yes” Hawk Blade Kong Quan slightly nodded.

After a moment –

The people from the Dojo of Limits and the Thunder Dojo sat on their respective sides in the lobby. There were at least 20 people on the Dojo of Limits’ side while there were just 8 people on the Thunder Dojo’s.

“Wu Tong, in this case, it is indeed Hu’s nephew’s fault” a large brute laughed loudly as he said, “but that nephew is just a small child? What does he understand, and he’s just an ordinary person, not even a fighter, so no need to argue over such trivial things”

“Old Li, don’t bring in those pointless things” laughed Wu Tong as he shaked his head, “No matter how uncertain we are about this case, you guys came here to negotiate right? Mountain Tiger, say something”

Zhang Ze Hu, who is called “Mountain Tiger” in the circle of fighters, uses a gigantic two handed machete*.

*TL note: The first two characters for machete is _ɽ and his nickname is _ɽ. Since there’s a character for mountain in it I just decided to call him Mountain Tiger (but now you see where his nickname comes from)

“Chief Instructor Wu” smiled Zhang Ze Hu as his gaze landed upon Luo Feng, “For this case, we should let little Luo explain it himself. Little Luo, how should we go about solving this case in a way that satisfies you?”

“Shut up”

‘Hawk Blade’ Kong Quan snapped, “Luo Feng is a good brother in our Dojo of Limits, Little Luo? He is qualified for you to call him by his name too”

Zhang Ze Hu panicked, Hawk Blade Kong Quan was a ruthless man in the circle of fighters, so even Zhang Ze Hu doesn’t want to anger him.

“Mr. Zhang Ze Hu” Luo Feng stood up and smiled, “This case made many of my brothers stand up for me, so I’m a bit embarrassed. But for my own thoughts….. hmph, that Zhang Hao Bai trying to break my arms and legs is a small matter, but he actually attacked my dad, and that is asking death!”

Luo Feng shouted as he glared.

Zhang Ze Hu was shocked and the fighters on the side of the Dojo of Limits laughed. This ‘Mountain Tiger’ Zhang Ze Hu was a senior fighter and is an advanced warrior, just one step away from the warlord level. Luo Feng actually dared to glare at him with such an attitude, which let the fighters on the side of the Dojo of Limits understand his courage!

“Hmph, Luo Feng, so what do you want to do? Speak!” Zhang Ze Hu wasn’t amused and had a bad face on.

Zhang Ze Hu’s anger? He really didn’t care about it. Just speaking about the present, Luo Feng’s body fitness level is already high for an intermediate warrior, so he’s nearing the ‘advanced warrior’ level. And with his spiritual force added in there, he’s already at least a ‘beginner warlord’ level.

“One phrase, 50 million Chinese dollars. I, Luo Feng, will give you some face, and we can call this case off” smiled Luo Feng.

“You sure have a huge mouth, 50 million!” glared Zhang Ze Hu.

“This price is high” frowned the Thunder Dojo’s chief instructor Li.

Luo Feng just smiled and said nothing.

“The price isn’t high” smiled the Dojo of Limits’ chief instructor Wu Tong.

“Luo Feng, I’ll give you a price, 5 milion! I’ll give you 5 million and we’ll call off this case and it’ll still leave me some face. Or else you aren’t giving me, Zhang Ze Hu, any face!” Zhang Ze Hu stared at Luo Feng.

5 million?

The people on the side of the Dojo of Limits frowned, even if you are trying to give some face to ‘Fire Cannon’ Chen Gu and ‘Hawk Blade’ Kong Quan, you shouldn’t offer such a low price. If the price is too low, you aren’t giving any face!

“Or else I’m not giving you any face?” Luo Feng glared, “Zhang Ze Hu, let me say something also. 50 million, no less. If you’re even one dollar off, then prepare to meet your nephew in the security agency!”


Chapter 38: Fire hammer squad

Zhang Ze Hu was enraged, he didn’t think that this rookie Luo Feng wouldn’t leave him any face at all.

“50 million, no less?” Zhang Ze Hu glared like he was about to eat someone.

But Luo Feng didn’t care.

He read many posts on the ‘Limit Home’ about this and knew that whoever lowers their head first is admitting defeat! And in this kind of situation, technically, if two people are of equal position, the side that made the mistake should apologize.

And yet Zhang Ze Hu was assertive, clearly taking advantage of Luo Feng’s status of a rookie.

However….. Luo Feng wasn’t affected.

“Okay, listen to me” the Dojo of Limits’ chief instructor Wu Tong spoke, “Luo Feng and Mountain Tiger, both of you back off. 30 million Chinese dollars! Zhang Ze Hu, 30 million isn’t that much to you, bring out that amount and we’ll call it off. Luo Feng, you don’t have any objections right”

Luo Feng nodded: “We’ll do as uncle Wu says”

“Mountain Tiger, you?” Wu Tong looked towards Zhang Ze Hu. Everyone’s gazes landed upon Zhang Ze Hu, and he angrily stood up and laughed as he said: “Making me lower my head to a tiny rabbit? In your dreams! Lao Li, brothers, let’s go!”

“If you don’t want to resolve this, then you’ll have to pay 100 million to protect your nephew” Wu Tong laughed softly.

“I’d rather give the country 100 million than to give 30 million to resolve this!!!” Zhang Ze Hu looked coldly towards Luo Feng and mocked, “Kiddo, being a fighter isn’t that easy! After you leave the city you’ll see how scary monsters are. All of the scariest situations come without warning. And the monsters in the military camp don’t even come close at all. Those monsters are raised by the military and are the weakest type. I hope you don’t die too quickly, or else how would you come back to play with me? Right, let me remind you, I’m not too far off from the warlord level. How long will it take for you to reach the warlord level? And, can you even survive for that long?”

Luo Feng laughed: “Thank you Mr. Zhang Ze Hu for your care. However, you should think about how you’re going to prepare 100 million to give to the country to protect your nephew”

“Hmph” Zhang Ze Hu’s face sank, “Let’s go!”

“One hundred million man, one hundred million” Fire Cannon Chen Gu purposefully shouted twice in a weird voice.

Zhang Ze Hu’s group spoke no further and left.

Seeing how that group left, the people from the Dojo of Limits started getting rowdy.

“This Zhang Ze Hu’s temper is just as the rumors said: so bad it’s indescribable. It’s clearly his nephew’s fault and he still refused to lower his head” Wu Tong laughed as he shook his head, “He would rather donate 100 million than pay 30 million to resolve it!”

The Dojo has contribution points, and the country has contribution points too!

Those who have contributed to the country receive contribution points depending on what they have done. 10,000 points is the one star rank. 100,000 points is the two star rank….. which is the same as the Dojo of Limits’ system. The year where one man, Dong Nan Bao, saved thousands of civilians by slaying the Tiger head dragon was given a four star hero medal.

Just like how you can donate to the Dojo to earn contribution points, you can also donate to the country to earn contribution points.

10 thousand Chinese dollars is one contribution point.

100 million Chinese dollars is 10,000 contribution points, which is the one star rank!

If Zhang Ze Hu doesn’t want to negotiate with Luo Feng, then the only solution left is to donate 100 million to the country for his nephew and let his nephew get the 1 star rank. As a one star ranked civilian, Zhang Hao Bai is granted special rights. He can’t go to jail for too long just because of the conflict between him and Luo Feng.

“Even if he gives the country 100 million to make his nephew a one star civilian, a one star civilian will still have to go to jail for 3 to 5 months for going against a fighter and suffer a bit!” said Fire Cannon Chen Gu as he shook his head.

“If he doesn’t want to lower his head, then who can we blame?”

“Guess he doesn’t care because he has money”

The fighters of the Dojo of Limits laughed loudly.

“Luo Feng” chief instructor Wu Tong laughed, “According to chief Zhu Ge’s commands, we’ll have to make arrangements for you to enter a warlord level fighter squad. This way you can train yourself more easily outside the city. It’s also safer this way! I talked for you and made the preparations for you to enter the ‘Fire hammer squad’”.

“Fire hammer squad?” Luo Feng nodded.

That chief Zhu Ge Tong really values him, from the start, he let him join a warlord level fighter squad.

The squads that leave the cities and enter the wilderness to hunt monsters don’t have an even skill level. Usually if a team consists of just one warlord level fighter, then that squad counts as a warlord level squad.

“Luo Feng” Fire Cannon Chen Gu patted Luo Feng’s shoulder and laughed loudly, “I’m the vice captain of the fire hammer squad! I’ll protect you when you’re with me, but Luo Feng, I have to put out the ugly words first. Us members of the fire hammer squad will definitely give you chances to train so you can get used to hunting monsters, but you have to work hard too and can’t just keep hoping for help from the other members. If you can’t adapt after the first mission….. then we can only kick you out the squad”

“Brother Chen, I understand” Luo Feng laughed and nodded.

A fighter squad lives on the border of life and death. If the squad has a burden, then the effect will be huge.

“If you understand then I can relax. Also…..” Fire Cannon Chen Gu laughed as he said, “Have you bought all of your weapons and equipment?”

“Not yet, I’m preparing to buy some of the higher quality weapons and equipment. But for those, I need a one star contribution rank to buy them for half price” Luo Feng shook his head hopelessly.

Fire Cannon Chen Gu suddenly started laughing: “This is simple. Tell me what you want to buy and I’ll buy them for you! You don’t have enough contribution points, but I do! I’m not far from the two star contribution rank right now. I can buy them all for half price and you can transfer the money to my account later right?”

“Yes” chief instructor Wu Tong nodded on the side, “Equipment like cold or heated weapons can be bought by others without a problem. Of course, things like scrolls can’t be bought by others for you”.

Luo Feng nodded.

This he knew, for example the Nine Stage Thunder Blade that he bought will appear in the databases of the Dojo of Limits, Underground Alliance, the Thunder Dojo, etc. as–Luo Feng has purchased the first three stages of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade. That way, Luo Feng can use the Nine Stage Thunder Blade without a problem.

However, if Yang Wu could use the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, then once he gets caught, he’ll be arrested, since that counts as copying and spreading theNine Stage Thunder Bladescroll,which violates the rights Thunder God has for this scroll.

If you don’t buy it, you don’t have the right to practice it!

If you let someone else buy something for you, the database will display that. Since there isn’t any information on you buying the scroll, you can’t practice it even if you get it. However, weapons and equipment don’t have this kind of copyright restriction.

“Luo Feng, write down all the weapons and equipment you need and I’ll buy them for you when I get back” said Chen Gu.

“Okay”

Luo Feng nodded and immediately went to write it down on a piece of paper.



All class 5 equipment, the battle uniform set’s half price was 9 million, the 2nd series ghost blade’s half price was 3 million, the 5th series shield was 1.5 million, and the ten 6th series throwing knives cost 1.5 million. For a grand total of 150 million. With his bag and tactical communications watch, Luo Feng was set.

Luo Feng’s home’s 2nd floor in the training area.

Dawn’s light shone through the window which made the entire training area bright. Luo Feng was wearing a loose dojo uniform and kneeled on the floor. The training area was over 100 ping in size and was completely empty. It was just Luo Feng sitting in the middle, and in front of him was a scroll–

“Nine Stage Thunder Blade”

“Seems like the Nine Stage Thunder Bladeis very difficult to learn, I wonder why” Luo Feng opened the scroll and and looked at it.


Chapter 39: 10 Stages of Force

After turning to the first page of the “Nine Stage Thunder Blade” instruction manual*…

*TL note: From now on, I’ll change scrolls to instruction manuals.

“Speed!” was the largest and most prominent word on the page. As if facing an approaching blade, Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat. This instruction manual is just a copy of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, but the copied handwriting was enough to freeze Luo Feng.

One can imagine how horrifying the instruction manual’s creator, Thunder Lord, is.

Luo Feng continued reading.

“In all of martial arts, the only indestructible thing is speed”

“As your blade gets faster and approaches the limit, you’ll be invincible” Luo Feng flipped to the title page and saw flamboyant handwriting, “it’s the same with “Hong” ‘s Destroyer, his most powerful move also approaches the limits of speed. In just one move, the sky shakes and the earth shatters, leaving nothing behind”

“There is only one secret behind the “Nine Stage Thunder Blade” I have created: speed!”

Luo Feng flipped to the second page.

“How can speed have so much destructive force?”

“First, if your blade can move faster than your opponent can react, you can slit their throat before they even raise their blade! Even if your strength is only a tenth of your opponent’s, their throat cannot defend against your sharp blade. So speed allows you to attack your opponent’s weak points”

“Next, speed can increase the power of your blade”

“Using the energy calculation formulas–a blade’s attack power is equal to 0.5mv^2, in other words, in stable conditions, the faster the blade moves, the more energy it’ll contain! Even a water column can pierce steel if fast enough. A piece of paper can cut steel!

“Speed, can let you slip through your opponent’s defense!”

“Speed, can make your blade indestructible! Whether you look at it from the angle of striking weak points, or the angle of increasing destructive power, the best way is to increase your blade’s speed!”

Luo Feng nodded as he read. Most of the fighters in today’s society will understand this point. Only by increasing your speed to the extreme can you become the strongest!

“Many fighters understand this point, but those who are able to put this to practice are few within few!” The words Thunder Lord wrote in the instruction manual were full of confidence, “The Nine Stage Thunder BladeI have created gives me the fastest blade on earth! It also gives me the highest speed and the strongest body!”

Luo Feng’s eyes flashed as he read.

“The Nine Stage Thunder Blade incorporates the agility technique ‘Liu Guang*’, the entire Dao Yin technique set ‘Nine Stage Hun Yuan’, and the entire blade technique set ‘Thunder Blade’. Out of these three, the Dao Yin technique is essential!”

*TL Note: Literally means flowing light.

“Only with the Dao Yin technique can you achieve a more powerful body!”

“Body fitness is the core!”

“Blade technique and agility need continuous practice and understanding!”

Luo Feng kept flipping through. There were three volumes on the Dao Yin technique in this instruction manual. According to the instruction manual’s description, there were nine volumes of the ‘Nine Stage Hun Yuan” Dao Yin technique. This instruction manual also only had the first three volumes of the blade technique and the agility technique. Luo Feng read the entire thing word for word.

After raising his head…..

The sunlight was sinister and the August sun shone through the windows, causing the entire training hall to dazzle even more.

“Amazing, just amazing”

Luo Feng was completely sucked into the Nine Stage Thunder Bladethat Thunder Lord had created. Even though he only has the first three stages, they were enough to make Luo Feng’s jaw drop. Comparing the tips on the internet with this instruction manual was like comparing a firefly to the sun.

“I’ll test this technique”

Luo Feng solemnly put the instruction manual in the corner of the training hall and took out his ghost blade. The ghost blade made a “CHI” sound as it was unsheathed. The entire ghost blade was 101 cm long, the blade itself was 78 cm long, and the blade’s width was 5.2 cm. This blade was sharpened a while ago, and its main material was second grade Ke-Luo alloy.

Even at half price, this blade costs 3 million, and weighed 112 kg.

“Start!”

[HU!] [HU!] Luo Feng seemed to just stand still in the middle of the training hall, but the ghost blade in his hand continuously waved around.

The Nine Stage Thunder Blade technique relies on a special way to exert force.

When a regular person swings their blade, you could say they use 100% of their strength! But in theNine Stage Thunder Bladetraining, only 70% of their strength is used in a swing. After unleashing the first stage of their attack, they’ll force themselves to unleash another stage, also at 70% of their strength. Two of these stages added together equals 140% strength!

The Nine Stage Thunder Blade has nine stages.

In the first stage, you can unleash another stage, which is 140% of the power!

In the second stage, you can unleash two more stages, which is 210% of the power!

In the third stage, you can unleash three more stages, which is 280% of the power!

……

In the ninth stage, you can unleash nine more stages, which is 720% of the power! Which is seven times your regular strength.

What does this represent?

It means that if a beginner warrior is able to learn up to the ninth stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Bladethen he can basically rival a beginner warlord!

“So difficult, just like the rumors said. This Nine Stage Thunder Bladetraining is extremely difficult. Even the introductory part is so hard” Luo Feng continued to swing his blade hundreds of times. With each swing, he tries to build upon the basics of swinging and unleash the second stage of his swing. However, he’s unable to do it.

Too difficult!

A swing of a blade ends in just a moment. In this moment, after the first time you use your strength to swing, you have to exert your force again, which is practically impossible.

“Looks like I can’t be too greedy. In the first stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, there are 18 different blade techniques. According to the instruction manual, if I practice these 18 techniques, I’ll be able to realize the trick to unleashing the first stage of theNine Stage Thunder Blade” nodded Luo Feng, There’s a saying that goes “After reading a book a hundred times, the meaning will show itself”.

After practicing these 18 techniques many times, the meaning behind them will show itself.

“Feng, time to eat”

“Feng, hurry”

Mom and Dad’s voices carried from downstairs.

“Coming” Luo Feng put his ghost blade back into its scabbard and hung it onto the wall. After that, he put the Nine Stage Thunder Bladeinstruction manual into his personal room. It was only after doing this did Luo Feng go downstairs to eat.

Time passed, and even though Luo Feng already joined the Fire Hammer squad, they were on break. Luo Feng used this opportunity to polish hisNine Stage Thunder Bladetechnique, agility, and Dao-Yin technique. That and the genetic energy training produced clear results. Luo Feng’s fitness level clearly grew by a ton again.

And for the “Nine Stage Thunder Blade” technique, Luo Feng still hasn’t been able to learn the first stage.

Even though he couldn’t learn it, it was clear that Luo Feng has become more agile, and his control over his blade and power has improved a lot.

“Even though I still can’t unleash another stage, but at least I’m able to control my muscles much better than before” Luo Feng stood alone in the training hall, and silently started putting on his battle uniform. He put five throwing knives on each of his thigh pockets, and he wore alloyed battle boots.

He also had a vest on, which revealed his shoulders, and had wrist guards on both arms.

He had his backpack, hexagonal shield, and ghost blade on his back. On his right wrist guard was his tactical communications watch. In his bag, he had some water and high carb food prepared.

“Today, August 28th, is the first day I leave the city and officially begin a mission” Luo Feng took a deep breath,

Indeed…

Today, was the day that the Fire Hammer squad departs!

“Luo Feng!” Fire Cannon Chen Gu’s yell came from outside.

“Coming” responded Luo Feng. He immediately ran downstairs and saw that his father Luo Hong Guo and mother Gong Xin Lan were standing in the living room. His brother Luo Hua was in his wheelchair and also silently looking at Luo Feng. They knew that today was the day that Luo Feng was going to leave the city and enter the wilderness.

The wilderness was what people called the land outside of the city, which includes ruined cities, suburbs, mountains, forests, lakes, etc.

“Luo Feng, be careful” Gong Xin Lan couldn’t help but to say.

“Don’t worry mom” Luo Feng laughed. He nodded at his father and then finally looked towards Luo Hua.

“Bro, maybe when you come back, you’ll be able to eat my wedding candy” Luo Hua suddenly started laughing.

“Wedding candy? So fast? You haven’t even known that young woman for two months yet” laughed Luo Feng.

“If we’re in a good relationship, who cares if it’s quick?” Luo Hua laughed.

“Alright, I’ll come back to eat your wedding candy, so you better get a lot of good tasting ones for me” Luo Feng laughed and rubbed his brother’s head, “Okay. Dad, mom, I’m off. I’ll be back in a few days”. After saying that, Luo Feng ran towards the door and met with Chen Gu at the door of his villa.

Luo Feng’s family silently watched Luo Feng in his battle uniform leave swiftly with the brute, who was also fully equipped.

“Let’s go, Luo Feng, to the HR alliance’s market to meet up with the leader and the others. Then we’ll leave together towards the wilderness”

“Yes, Brother Chen”

Luo Feng swiftly headed towards the Dojo of Limit’s private car with Chen Gu and another man with a steel spear on his back.


Chapter 40: The HR Alliance Market

In Jiang-Nan city, one of the six major headquarters in China, there was a skyscraper that was 88 stories tall and full of wealth. On the wall of the skyscraper were two very flashy english characters: ‘HR’. Around the first floor of the skyscraper, there was a beautiful plaza which had the largest fountain in the city. Around the plaza, there were at least a thousand soldiers patrolling with real guns, preventing any outsider from stepping even one step inside.

Every pedestrian who passes by looks at the skyscraper in admiration.

Most of the people in the entire city have never entered the area.

[BEEP!]

An electronic sound rang.

Within a moment, the patrolling soldiers immediately made way for a military SUV with ‘HR’ on the car body. It stopped in front of the gate of the lobby, HUA, the door opened, and three fully armed fighters came out, either carrying a spear, a blade and a hexagonal shield, or two metal boxes on their backs.

“Mister, please enter” the doorman of the lobby’s entrance greeted them respectfully.

The three fighters immediately entered the skyscraper’s lobby.

“Let’s go, Luo Feng, let’s go sit at the bar at the side and wait for the captain and the others to come” Chen Gu laughed.

“I still haven’t seen the captain yet. I wonder what he looks like” laughed Luo Feng. At the same time, he observed the HR alliance market. This was the underground alliance that was built by the power families and corporations all around the world. It acted as their headquarters in Jiang-Nan city, so this skyscraper was extremely extravagant.

The lobby was full of eccentric people, even their simple accessories were out of the ordinary.

The waiter in the lobby, the handsome men and the beautiful women, each of them had a refreshing smile.

Luo Feng, Chen Gu, and the other member ‘Zhang Ke’ all sat on the sofa.

“What will you three be having?” smiled the waiter as he bowed while asking.

“Tie Guan Yin”!

“Pu’Er tea, with a hint of Jasmine!”

Fire Cannon Chen Gu and Zhang Ke, these two senior fighters spoke immediately, which shocked Luo Feng a bit. In the Limit Hall, these two drank alcohol frequently. Zhang Ke, whose biceps were bulging like a gorilla’s, laughed as he said: “Luo Feng, the wilderness is dangerous, so we can’t drink alcohol”

Luo Feng suddenly came to, yes, you can’t take the wilderness lightly, how could you drink alcohol now?

“I’ll also have a cup of Pu’Er tea” laughed Luo Feng.

A solemn, musical song was playing in the lobby. It was a piece played by a flute. As to what song it was, he couldn’t tell. However, the song was soothing, yet energizing. It made one feel much more refreshed.

“Luo Feng, the first floor is the resting area for guests. From the second floor and up, it’s where items are sold” Chen Gu smiled, “In the underground alliance, the prices are lower than the full price of the things in the ‘Limit Home”s internet market. Of course, it costs more than our half price”

Luo Feng nodded, half price was something that only the members of the Dojo could enjoy.

“The best thing about the underground alliance marketplace is….. that we can sell the ingredients we obtain from the monsters for a high price to them” explained Chen Gu, “if we sell the ingredients from hunted monsters to the Dojo, we also earn contribution points but the price is lower. If we sell them to the underground alliance marketplace, we get more money but no contribution points. Naturally, which one you decide to sell to is entirely up to you”

Luo Feng laughed, as to this point, he already read some posts on the fighter discussion thread, so he knew this a long time ago.

Selling to the Dojo gives contribution points and money.

Selling to the underground alliance marketplace gives only money, but a lot of it.

“Brother Wang, you’ve already been working for the entire night, take a break and leave it to me” a soft sound rang. Luo Feng, who was holding his tea cup, suddenly turned his head as if he was shocked by electricity.

At the bar, there was a young woman in a white, collared shirt and long black pants, who was changing positions with another manager. In this bar, there were 12 waiters and a manager. The bar was open 24 hours and they had 8 hour shifts, so there were three different groups.

“Xu Xin?” Luo Feng looked with disbelief at the female manager. A professional woman who had an air of nobleness around her. There is no way an ordinary person can become the manager of the bar of the underground alliance’s lobby. This is a place that was made just to serve fighters!

Just to become a waiter, you would probably have to graduate from a prestigious college and undergo tons of training, not to mention a bar manager.

“Xu Xin…..”

How did that plain high school girl in the past change herself so dramatically?

“Brother Chen, brother Zhang, I’m going to go over there for a bit”. Luo Feng left his bag, shield, blade, etc. on the sofa, and he stood up smiling as he headed over to the bar.

In the bar.

Xu Xin’s head was lowered as she checked the supplies at the counter, suddenly –

“Xu Xin” – a familiar voice rang.

“Hm?” Xu Xin was shocked. The people who knew her in the lobby usually called her ‘Manager Xu’, and usually the fighters don’t know her name. How could someone call her ‘Xu Xin’, and this voice sounds so familiar. Xu Xin raised her head–

At this time, Luo Feng’s head was lowered as he looked into the bar, and Xu Xin was half-squatted as she finished checking the wine and raised her head.

Their gazes met.

Luo Feng and Xu Xin both suddenly had the same feeling, their hearts throbbed a bit.

“Luo Feng, why are you here?” Xu Xin reacted, and she stood up as she laughed.

“Even Xu Xin can become a manager here, how come I can’t be here?” laughed Luo Feng as he said. Looking at the young woman in front of him, Luo Feng couldn’t help but to think about his times in high school, where he sat in the back of the classroom and silently looked at Xu Xin’s back….. he had a crush for a long time, but he just didn’t have the chance to confess.

He thought he would probably never see Xu Xin again, but he ended up meeting her right before his first trip to the wilderness at the HR alliance market.

“Ah, Luo Feng, you’re a fighter?” Xu Xin saw Luo Feng’s outfit and couldn’t help but to say in surprise.

“Yea, I’ll be going to the wilderness soon” laughed Luo Feng.

“The wilderness?” Xu Xin’s face changed a bit.

All over the world, the areas other than the cities were called the wilderness. For the people who live in the cities, the wilderness was basically a replacement for the forbidden area of death. There were all types of monsters there: sinister, strange ones, and large, barbaric ones. There were also existences that were near invincible.

Only the strongest of mankind, the ‘fighters’, could go there and fight the monsters.

Xu Xin couldn’t have thought….. that Luo Feng was a fighter, and that he was about to enter the wilderness.

In reality, Xu Xin knew that Luo Feng liked her a bit….. this kind of thing was impossible to hide. Luo Feng constantly looked at her every day in class, and Xu Xin naturally caught Luo Feng staring at her when she turned her head. Naturally, Xu Xin understood Luo Feng’s thoughts.

It was just that both sides failed to point it out.

“Luo Feng, the captain’s here, come” shouted Chen Gu.

“I’ll be going there” said Luo Feng to Xu Xin.

“Okay” nodded Xu Xin.

Luo Feng went back to his original place. At this time, three people arrived, and two of them looked similar. One look is enough to tell you that they’re twins. Both of them had a shield and a scimitar on their backs. The third man was extremely large and had two black sledgehammers that were glowing with a bit of silver.

“Luo Feng, these two are the famous ‘Twin Moon Scimitar’ brothers of the Wei family, Wei Tie and Wei Qing” smiled Chen Gu as he said.

The Wei brothers nodded their heads towards Luo Feng and put down their shields and scimitars and sat down.

“Brother Tie, brother Qing” smiled Luo Feng as he greeted.

The other members of the fire hammer squad are much older than Luo Feng, at least 10 years older. Compared to the other five people, Luo Feng indeed seems like a little brother.

“This, is the captain of our fire hammer squad, ‘Dual Wind Hammer’ Gao Feng” said Chen Gu. Luo Feng couldn’t help but to notice that captain ‘Gao Feng’, wasn’t that tall. He was barely past 180 cm. His speciality was that he was extremely well built, as if he was made out of steel bars.

Gao Feng sneered, and the muscles of his face were like rocks as he approached: “Luo Feng, you also use a blade, so after entering the wilderness, try to get some experience from Wei Tie and Wei Qing. You have good talent, so I’m sure you’ll swiftly become a member of our team”

“Okay” nodded Luo Feng.

No matter what, his first priority is to not become a burden for this elite fighter squad.

“Take a break and we’ll leave” said Gao Feng.

“Yes, captain”

Including Luo Feng, the five of them nodded.

In just twenty minutes, Gao Feng and the others finished their drinks and stood up, “Let’s go, to the wilderness”. Luo Feng immediately picked up his ghost blade, shield, etc.

“Luo Feng” – a sound rang.

Luo Feng turned his head.

At this time, Xu Xin’s chest pounded a bit. For some reason, the thought of Luo Feng entering the dangerous wilderness made her worried. Maybe Xu Xin also started to develop some special feelings for the boy who had a crush on her during high school.

“Yes?” Luo Feng looked at Xu Xin.

“In the next few days, school will start for me. But during college, I’ll be the manager here on Fridays and the weekend” Xu Xin yelled, “You better come at those times”. As she yelled this, Xu Xin’s face started to turn red.

“Okay, I’ll come for sure”

Luo Feng let out a smile.

“You picked one up so quickly? Nice!” Chen Gu slapped Luo Feng shoulder as he laughed loudly.

“This is one of the benefits of being young, all the beautiful women stick to you” laughed Gao Feng on the side. Since he already determined to let Luo Feng join the fire hammer squad, naturally they’ll treat him as a brother.

Luo Feng just laughed.

“Let’s go!”

“Get on the car!”

The six of the Fire Squad team members got on the HR alliance private car and headed towards the train station, where they’ll ride a train headed towards the wilderness.


Chapter 41: The Wilderness

There was a military camp a few hundred miles away from the northern part of Jiang-Nan city.

[RUMBLE~~] The train slowly came to a halt at the military sector’s station.

Fully armed fighters got off the train one by one, for a total of twenty. These twenty people naturally formed four squads.

“Luo Feng, usually when we fighters go out to hunt monsters, we enter the military sectors to resupply” Chen Gu pointed ahead of him, where a tall, steel tower that was around 50 or 60 meters high was, “See this tower? Across China, and even the world, the military cuts out a special sector of the wilderness to serve as a base for fighters to rest and resupply. These resupplying locations are marked with these lighthouses. In other words, it shows us fighters the way home”.

Luo Feng nodded.

In the resupplying base in the military sector, there was a solemn, small building, which had a good environment.

“Fire hammer squad, you guys will stay at #E6 to rest” an officer of the base gave the captain of the fire hammer squad, ‘Gao Feng’, a key as he laughed and patted his shoulder, “Old Gao, how long do you plan on hunting for this time? If you ever get anything good, you’re welcome to sell it to my underground alliance. I’ll be sure to give you a great price”

Even though most of the staff here were wearing military uniforms….

In fact, most of the service staff came from the Dojo of Limits, the Thunder Dojo, the government’s army, and the underground alliance. Even though they were there to serve, they also purchase precious ingredients obtained from monsters from the fighters.

“Haha, sure” laughed Gao Feng, “hurry and arrange for people to make us lunch”.

The resupplying base wasn’t that big.

“E6, over there” The fire hammer squad quickly found the small three story building representing ‘E6’. The key was in a form of a chip. After sliding the key across the door, it opened. Before the fire hammer squad leaves the resupplying base, the ownership of the building belongs to them.

“Gonna lay for a bit and sleep, didn’t sleep well last night” Chen Gu put down his two metal boxes and jumped on the sofa. He stretched his body across the sofa and got comfortable.

“If you want to rest then rest now, we’ll officially depart tonight. At that time, you’ll need to focus” commanded captain Gao Feng.

“Understood”

‘Spear’ Zhang Ke and the Twin Moon Scimitar brothers laughed in response, since they knew about the rules ages ago.

“Departing tonight?” Luo Feng was surprised.

“Luo Feng, aren’t you even paying attention to the weather? It’s the end of September, which is the hottest time of the year. Running with a couple hundred kilograms worth of things in the middle of the day? No matter how much water you bring, it won’t be enough, so you can only drink from the river” Chen Gu laughed as he looked at Luo Feng, “Isn’t it better to run during the night? And it saves water”

Luo Feng laughed awkwardly.

Even though he read many posts, he never realized this point.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s gaze passed through the window and saw someone in the resupplying base, “Brother Chen, look, isn’t that Zhang Ze Hu?”. At that time, Zhang Ze Hu’s body was covered in bandages and there were marks of blood on the sandbags, clearly showing that he was injured and was recovering in the resupplying base.

Chen Gu turned his head to look: “Yea, that is Zhang Ze Hu”

“Heh!” Chen Gu walked to the door and delightly yelled, “Mountain Tiger, what’s wrong? Weren’t you just fine last time, how come you got so injured in just a blink of an eye?”

Zhang Ze Hu, who was outside walking and chatting with his comrades, turned his head and saw Chen Gu and Luo Feng at the door. He got so mad his teeth started to itch, and as his anger raged, he gave a loud, mocking retort: “Fire Cannon Chen, your fire hammer squad is an elite squad, so how come you brought a rookie? Haha, I bet your entire team will get dragged down by that burden!”

Elite squads usually aren’t willing to bring rookies.

Because even if the rookie’s body fitness is good, without any experience, he could mess up during crucial moments, which could mess up the veteran members.

Zhang Ze Hu and Chen Gu exchanged some insults, but because captain ‘Twin Hammer’ Gao Feng’s yell, Zhang Ze Hu went silent.

Even though he was brave enough to argue with Chen Gu at times, he didn’t dare to argue with Gao Feng! Because, Gao Feng uses cold weapons while Chen Gu uses heated weapons.

With heated weapons, even if you reach the top, you can only reach the ‘beginner warlord rank’, because heated weapons like guns usually can only harm ‘low level commander level’ monsters.

Zhang Ze Hu was very close to the ‘warlord’ rank.

“Fuck, can’t believe Luo Feng drifted into the fire hammer squad”. Zhang Ze Hu walked with his comrades on the road, his mouth still cursing, “I thought he would get into a regular squad. That way, I can cruelly teach him a lesson to let him know the consequences of messing with me. However, he got in the fire hammer squad!”

Zhang Ze Hu’s teeth seethed in rage.

“Tiger, that young man next to Chen Gu just now, is the Luo Feng who made you spend 100 million?” said the one-eyed middle aged man next to him.

“Yea, that’s him”

Zhang Ze Hu’s eyes shone fiercely, “This rabbit, I didn’t think he’d be so cocky. After that discussion, right after I turned my head, the security agency ran straight to my nephew’s home! This kid actually reported it to the security agency. I quickly gave the country a hundred million to let my nephew attain the ‘one star civilian’ rank. However, even after that, my nephew is still going to get locked up for a few months”.

When he thinks about how nervous his older brother was, and Zhang Hao Bai’s shock and horror as he was taken by the security agency, Zhang Ze Hu got even more mad.

Although later he spent 100 million to keep his nephew. However, Zhang Hao Bai wasn’t able to escape a few months of pain in jail.

“It’s ok, don’t think too much. Letting your nephew go through some hardship is good for him” The one-eyed middle aged man laughed softly, “You should use this time to rest. Your wounds should heal in about three days, and then we’ll depart and can keep dealing with that old guy. After killing that old guy, our team will become rich”.

“Okay” Zhang Ze Hu nodded heavily, and he stole a glance at the E6 building in the distance and sneered, “I’m willing to bet that Luo Feng will either die or receive a heavy wound in his first entry into the wilderness!”

“Haha, you sure hold a grudge against him. However, it is indeed hard to avoid injury in the first entry into the wilderness” laughed the one-eyed middle aged man.

Midnight, the fully equipped six members of the fire hammer squad departed the resupply base and entered the wilderness.

“Chen Gu, give me one of your metal boxes” commanded captain Gao Feng.

“Haha, thanks captain. I can handle carrying these boxes for a short period of time, but not for long periods” said Chen Gu as he handed one of his big metal boxes over to captain Gao Feng. Gao Feng easily took it with one hand and carried it on his back. This amount of weight is nothing to the strongest member of the fire hammer squad, Gao Feng.

[KA!]

Chen Gu opened the other box, which had a gray machine gun in it. The gun’s muzzle had a metallic luster. Other than the machine gun, there were tons of bullets all packed together, which filled up the entire box. Obviously, there were an immense amount of bullets.

“Brother Chen, what kind of gun is this?” asked Luo Feng curiously.

“Type m81, 12.7mm caliber. It can fire 50 to 300 rounds in a minute, adjustable” laughed Chen Gu contented, “The whole gun is made out of 3rd grade Ke-Luo alloy, so even if it continuously fires bullets, the heat of the gun won’t affect the accuracy of the bullets”.

Luo Feng asked curiously: “Brother Chen, how come you don’t use the fire-god cannon? Don’t the machine guns of the fire-god series have the greatest power?”

“You rookie!”

Chen Gu glared.

Spear ‘Zhang Ke’ laughed on the side and said: “Luo Feng, the machine guns of the fire-god series do indeed have great power. However, the fire-god series uses up crazy amounts of bullets. It fires 7,000 shots in a minute, and some can shoot even faster. Do you know what that means? 7,000 shots in one minute. And bullets that can harm a low level commander level monster is at lightest 50 grams! Ten thousand bullets will weigh 500 kg!”

“Running hundreds of miles with 500 kg of bullets on your back. And finally, when you kill the monster, after a minute or so your fire-god cannon has used up all its bullets”. Zhang Ke laughed and looked at Luo Feng, “So what do you say? Is the fire-god cannon good?”

Luo Feng was startled.

He really did not understand this. Yes, the weight of the bullets is a big problem. 7,000 bullets in a minute, how many bullets do you have to bring with you for the entire trip?

“Hauling a huge amount of bullets along with a fire-god cannon is only done by the army or when dealing with a specific type of monster. Usually, people like us will never use those types of guns, since there aren’t that many bullets for it”. Chen Gu laughed at himself, “I brought 10,000 bullets this time and even asked the captain to help me carry some”.

Chen Gu had bullet chains wrapped all over his body and held a machine gun. With Luo Feng, these two were in the middle of the team, protected by the others.

The twin moon scimitar brothers were in front of the team.

Captain Gao Feng and Zhang Ke were in the back.

“We’ll head along this highway. After about three days, we should reach our destination–#0201 country level city”, said captain Gao Feng, but Luo Feng couldn’t help but to keep looking at the highway in front of him. For the people living in the cities, highways only exist in legends.

The highway under their feet was already ruined; tons of cracks have already opened up on it.

Looking ahead, there were tons of broken or split cars, vans, and trucks all over the highway as it stretched down. There were even some broken tires lying around. Sometimes, you can see marks of dried up blood on the floor too.

“Let’s go!”

The red light of the sunset shone on this quiet, rundown highway that has been broken for dozens of years. The six members of the fire hammer squad continued to head forward.

[GROWL~~]

[WAIL~~]

Waves and waves of howling from the monsters carried from the two fields and ruined villages on the sides of the highway. Even Luo Feng could see quite a few monsters. The other five members of the fire hammer squad were relaxed, but Luo Feng was completely tense….. because he could feel the monsters everywhere.

“Hm, Luo Feng, there’s a horned boar ahead. I’ll leave it to you” captain Gao Feng’s voice rang, “This will be your first battle in the wilderness!”


Chapter 42: Horned boar

“Luo Feng, this is your first battle, so don’t get cocky. These monsters are much more ferocious than the ones they breed in the military” Chen Gu solemnly reminded. Luo Feng laughed, he knew brother Chen was worried about him. In this fire hammer squadron, he is definitely closer with Chen Gu and Zhang Ke, who are also in the Ming-Yue sector.

As for captain Gao Feng and Wei Jia brothers….

Since he was new and wasn’t familiar with them, it was going to be hard to get Gao Feng and his group’s recognition.

“Good luck, Luo Feng. With your current speed and reaction speed, you’re just at the level of an ‘Advanced Fighter’. Your power is also nearing that level too. There should be no problem facing this horned boar” Spear Zhang Ke, surprisingly, also gave some words of encouragement.

The other three, captain Gao Feng and the Wei Jia brothers, watched Luo Feng.

[CHI!]

Luo Feng pulled out his ghost blade. With his left hand holding his shield and his right hand holding his ghost blade, he smiled: “Captain, brother Chen, watch me get that horned boar’s horn”. As he said that, Luo Feng rushed towards it.

They watched Luo Feng go.

“Captain, don’t you think giving Luo Feng a rank F horned boar is expecting too much out of him for his first fight?” Chen Gu couldn’t help but to say, “Even though our fire hammer squad should test him, we have to do it step by step. It’ll be better if we get a rank G monster instead”

“Yeah, we can’t rush this” Zhang Ke also spoke.

“There’s no problem with the captain’s arrangements” The older of the Wei Jia brothers, ‘Wei Tie’, said lowly, “Luo Feng’s body fitness level isn’t inferior to that beast. Even though it is a bit difficult, he should be able to win with a bit of suffering and pain”.

“But this is his first time entering the wilderness” Zhang Ke wasn’t convinced.

“So what if it’s his first time? I don’t want him to become a burden. Or else, how are we supposed to hunt some stronger monsters with a rookie?” Wei Qing frowned on the side.

At this time–

Out of the five veteran members of the fire hammer squad, Chen Gu and Zhang Ke were clearly on Luo Feng’s side, while the Wei Jia brothers were suspicious of him.

“Stop arguing” Gao Feng spoke.

Chen Gu and the others quieted down.

“Watch, talk after watching Luo Feng’s battle with the horned boar” Gao Feng said expressionlessly.



Like a nimble jaguar, Luo Feng raced to the back of a flipped car on the highway. From there, he looked towards the horned boar that wasn’t too far away. All the hairs on the boar were black, and each hair was like a black needle. And its horn was like an edged blade!

Under the light of the evening sun, the horn’s edge reflected a freezing coldness.

If the iron fur boar in the fighter combat exam was like a heavy, savage hummer, then this horned boar is–a flexible, sturdy existence

“This is my first battle, so I need to put on a good show”

“I was only able to join the fire hammer squad because of two reasons: Chief instructor Zhu Ge’s request, but more importantly, brother Chen and brother Zhang’s help”. Luo Feng was clear on one point: it was very hard for a rookie to join an elite fighter squad. Captain Gao Feng and the Wei Jia brothers are clearly suspicious of me, so I need to prove myself with this battle!

Luo Feng stared at the horned boar, who was currently searching for prey.

The three levels, H, G, F, are the titles for low level soldier, medium level soldier, and high level soldier, respectively. Clearly, the horned boar in front was nearing the F level.

[HOWL~~HOWL~~]

The horned boar roared and scanned the surrounding with its murderous stare.

“It found me”. Luo Feng’s heart rate increased, and he was a bit excited.

[BOOM!] The horned boar flew ferociously towards him, like a high speed tank. It directly rammed into the ‘flipped hummer’ that was in front of Luo Feng. Luo Feng dashed away like a nimble monkey, and with a boom, the hummer was blasted away and rolled several times on the highway. The hummer that has been exposed to the sun and wind for several decades immediately split up, and the tires rolled on the highway for a while until they stopped.

Within a moment of dodging, Luo Feng headed straight towards the horned boar.

“Die, scum!” howled Luo Feng.

Like lightning, he shot towards the horned boar, and the ghost blade in his hand instantly flashed towards the horned boar’s head. It seemed like the horned boar that just rammed the hummer didn’t have enough time to dodge, but right when Luo Feng approached it–

[XIU]

A black shadow headed straight towards Luo Feng’s brain.

“So fast”. Luo Feng was startled, and with a step of his foot, he barely managed to twist his body to evade the black shadow. This black shadow was the horned boar’s tail, which was like a steel whip!

“Puff!” “Puff!”

After retracting its tail, the horned boar soared nimbly, and flew straight towards Luo Feng. Its rough, steel hooves and its sharp, blade-like horn were headed straight at him.

“Fuck, this boar is too damn fast” Luo Feng stepped back again and he raised the shield in his hand.

[BAM!]

The shield and the horned boar’s hooves collided ferociously. In the moment of collision, Luo Feng used the rebounding force to go into a dive, where he rolled on the floor to divert the force. The horned boar chased right after him, and Luo Feng rolled to a broken truck and, with a dart, got behind the truck.

With the truck blocking, the horned boar’s lunge wasn’t able to achieve its desired effect.

…..

After watching this scene from afar, the five members of the fire hammer squad all slightly nodded.

“Captain, Luo Feng has good reflexes doesn’t he” laughed Chen Gu.

Captain Gao Feng smiled as he nodded: “He is good. I thought he would have a hard time with this horned boar on his first time! I didn’t think his reflexes would be so good. His basic skills are pretty good too, his shield block was done skillfully, and his movements flowed like water. This Luo Feng didn’t even receive any injury from the barrage of attacks from the horned boar! Good!”

The Wei Jia brothers’ cold expressions finally loosened up a bit.

“Wei Tie, Wei Qing, Luo Feng’s good ain’t he” Zhang Ke let out a smile too.

“This battle isn’t over yet, so we still can’t tell” said Wei Tie coldly.

The five members of the fire hammer squad continued watching the battle between Luo Feng and the horned boar.

…..

Luo Feng was concentrating extremely hard, and thought to himself: “This horned boar is so sinister; he purposefully made me think it was weak at the beginning. And then it suddenly used its tail to attack me and then rushed me with its hooves and horn. Along with the final crazy dash….. it chained all of these into a combo. Thankfully I’ve been practicing the

Nine Stage Thunder Bladethese past few days, so I have more precise control over all of my strength!”

He has been practicing the Nine Stage Thunder Blade this past month.

It seems that Luo Feng will need to use some of his spiritual force to be able to get out of the horned boar’s barrage unscathed.

[ROAR~~] The horned boar howled, it didn’t foolishly collide into the truck, but it jumped over it and rushed straight towards Luo Feng.

“Scum, this time, you’re dead!”

Luo Feng ferociously kicked the tire next to him, and as if it was launched by a trebuchet, it flew straight towards the horned boar. The horned boar didn’t slow down at all; it merely lowered its head slightly. The horn on its head, whose sharpness had no rival, split the tire in half, which then fell apart and dropped.

Luo Feng headed straight towards the horned boar after kicking the tire.

[ROAR~~] Right after hitting the tire away, the horned boar turned its head and directed its horn towards Luo Feng.

“Die!”

At this moment, Luo Feng made a flexible turn like a butterfly and just barely evaded the horn. While turning, the ghost blade in Luo Feng’s hand, with help from the rotational energy, slashed instantly! The ghost blade then picked up even more speed during the slash!

“Puff!”

As fast as lightning, the spinning blade directly hacked into the head of the horned boar. Luo Feng could clearly feel the rigidness and toughness of the hair of the horned boar. No regular bullet could pierce through this hair.

Fresh, red blood leaked out, and after cutting into 5 cm of the boar’s head, Luo Feng’s blade couldn’t go any deeper.

[HOWL~~]The horned boar howled crazily, and ferociously turned its head to ram into Luo feng.

The injured horned boar, became even more fierce!

……

“What!”

“Such agile technique!”

The Wei Jia brothers’ faces were filled with shock.

“He could dodge the horn of the horned boar so delicately!”, exclaimed the older sibling ‘Wei Tie’, “Incredible. And he dared to turn in front of the horned boar’s horn like that. Wasn’t he afraid of the horned boar’s ‘horn’ piercing through his body? Amazing. Is this bullshit luck, or does he actually have skill?”

The turn seemed simple, but it revealed Luo Feng’s astonishing technique.

“Good”

“Beautiful” Chen Gu and Zhang Ke couldn’t help but to praise.

“This kid, has strength” laughed Gao Feng with a smile, “In such a dangerous situation, he dared to do such a thing and was even successful. His technique is not average! His timing was also good, but….. this boar’s life force is incredibly strong. Killing this horned boar is no easy task”

The five members of the fire hammer squad, including the Wei Jia brothers, all let out a smile.

The five of them continued to watch from far away, the battle between Luo Feng and the crazed horned boar!


Chapter 43: Astonishing progress

PA! PA!

Foul blood streamed along the thick skin of the horned boar’s neck, dripping onto the dust filled highway. The horned boar had a crazed look in its eyes, and as it howled deeply, it madly rushed at Luo Feng again and again like lightning. The hooves, horn, and tail: all three kinds of attacks kept coming unrelentlessly.

“After its head injury, the flexibility in its head turning has clearly decreased by a lot”. Luo Feng dodged agilely.

In the fighter combat exam, he fought seven H level monsters at the same time to train himself. Even though the concentrated attacks of seven H level monsters are a bit below the level of the F level horned boar, the difference wasn’t large.

WHOOSH!

Luo Feng didn’t retreat. With an elegant dodge to the side, the horned boar’s horn missed Luo Feng’s body by just three centimeters. However, these three centimeters acted like a barrier, so the horned boar couldn’t harm Luo Feng at all.

“Attack!”

The ghost blade in Luo Feng’s hand came crashing down! It brought an ear piercing sound, and the horned boar immediately howled out in rage. It used all of its might on its four hooves to try and avoid Luo Feng’s blade. But….. Luo Feng’s blade was too fast, and only the sound of the blade entering its flesh was heard.

CHI–

Another strike to the neck. Even though it wasn’t in the same location as before, this one cut into a depth of 8 cm!

“Hmph, with its last injury, the muscles of its neck couldn’t exert a hundred percent of its force to block the attack. Next time I attack, its neck’s defense will be even weaker”. Right when Luo Feng slashed into the neck, he immediately retreated, easily avoiding the crazed counter attack from the enraged horned boar. After that, Luo Feng closed the distance again!

[ROAR~~ ROAR~~] The horned boar let out an enraged howl.

“Last time!”

Luo Feng swayed for three steps, causing an illusion, and then once again dodged the horned boar’s attack. What followed those agile steps was Luo Feng’s sharp blade!”

“PU-CHI”

At first, it was quite difficult to slash into, but after cutting into a depth of 12 cm, the resistance rapidly decreased. After Luo Feng’s ghost blade cut into two thirds of the horned boar’s neck, he pulled out his blade and rapidly retreated!

Blood flowed like a fountain from that gigantic wound!

[Ao~~~]came a shrill. The horned boar’s entire body was twitching, and its hooves were stomping unconsciously. The asphalt of the highway was cracking under the stomping. After that, the unconscious boar threw itself around and crashed against the curved railing at the side of the highway, breaking it and falling down.

Its noise got weaker, and then it stopped.

Luo Feng stood beside the broken highway railing, looking down on the horned boar’s corpse whose head was about to fall off. Blood rapidly stopped flowing, since almost all of it has flowed out already. There was probably at least a barrels worth of blood that flowed out.

“Dead!” Luo Feng leaped down and, using his ghost blade, cut off the horn.

The most important part of the horned boar’s body is just this one horn!

The five members of the fire hammer squad couldn’t help but to let out a breathe as they watched from afar.

“Abnormal!”

“Monster!”

These two words came from the Wei Jia brothers’ mouths.

“How is he, I made a good recommendation, haven’t I” bragged Chen Gu. If we say the five of them were surprised before, then now they are completely shocked and stunned.

“Incredible” Zhang Ke couldn’t help but to say.

Captain Twin Hammer “Gao Feng” stared at Luo Feng as he cut off the horn: “How is Luo Feng’s technique so good? The horned boar is above him in pure speed by a bit, but his consecutive dodges were light and smooth. Every dodge was like a cloud or a flowing river! If he can do this technique hundreds of thousands of times, then that’ll be the Ru-Wei class!”

“He’s only 18, if he’s Ru-Wei class! He should be sent to the world headquarters’ dojo to undergo special training” The older sibling of the Wei Jia brothers, ‘Wei Tie’, couldn’t help but to say.

Ru-Wei class…..

Is a perfect dodge by using the smallest amount of power possible to delicately avoid the attack! This kind of dodge is extremely difficult, and an average fighter can only pull it off once or twice. However, if you can do it a hundred times or a thousand times, then that means you’re truly Ru-Wei class!

“We’ve obtained a gem!” Gao Feng let out a smile.

The younger sibling, ‘Wei Qing’, surprisingly nodded too: “Hm, after some nurturing, our fire hammer squad will have another capable member”.

“Me and Wei Qing will teach him” said Wei Tie.

Chen Gu and Zhang Ke laughed. As veterans who have walked on the border of life and death countless times, it was clear to them. Some geniuses have amazing body fitness levels, but when they actually have to fight a monster, they can’t even bring out a tenth of their strength. Because of this, Chen Gu and Zhang Ke usually look down on these so called geniuses.

A true professional has to go through countless dangerous battles!

And Luo Feng was able to show such skill in his first battle. Clearly, he was a powerful fighter.

“Captain” Luo Feng ran over, “This horn…..”

“You killed it, so of course this horn belongs to you” said Gao Feng.

Luo Feng nodded, and accepted it.

There isn’t much on a soldier level monster’s body that’s worth money, because all of the soldier level monsters can be killed by heated weapons….. Even a beginner warrior, with a machine gun and good shooting technique, could easily kill many soldier level monsters. So solider level monsters aren’t worth money!

“If you sell this horn to the dojo, you’ll probably get three thousand dollars and some contribution points. If you sell it to the underground alliance, you can probably get five thousand” laughed Chen Gu.

Only the material on the body is worth money.

And important material on a “commander level monster” is worth a crazy amount of money!

“Luo Feng, with your performance just now, you barely pass” said the older sibling of the Wei Jia brothers, ‘Wei Tie’, as he pouted.

“Brother Tie?” Luo Feng looked over, “Please guide me, brother Tie”.

“Your basics are good, but your efficiency is much too low” said Wei Tie coldly, “wait a bit and watch how I kill a F level monster”.

……

What Luo Feng killed was a monster nearing the F level. After they departed, they quickly encountered a F rank cat family ‘Ocelot monster’. This ocelot had some stripes on it and was as tough as a bull. It was superior to the horned boar in flexibility and savageness by far.

“Watch me” said Wei Tie coldly.

WHOOSH!

With the shield in his left hand and scimitar in his right, he charged straight towards the ocelot in a straight line!

“Brother Tie is in the advanced warrior class, so his body fitness level is similar to this F level ocelot” Luo Feng watched carefully. He only observed that Wei Tie wasn’t trying to dodge anything and just crashed into the ocelot. No, actually, right when the ocelot was about to crash into Wei Tie…

Wei Tie’s body moved sideways and his shield crashed into the ocelot at an angle.

Crashing at this angle knocked the ocelot off balance, causing it to stagger to the side.

“PU-CHI!”

A sinister cold light made an arc against the shield. It flashed across the exposed throat of the ocelot due to it being knocked off balance. Soon after, fresh blood sprayed out like a fountain, and Wei Tie retreated quickly. He coldly looked at the ocelot monster howling in pain until it slowly fell over and lost its breath.

Wei Tie cut off the ocelot’s tail and took out an almost transparent tendon. He put it in his bag and walked back.

“Did you see that? My technique wasn’t better than yours, and my power didn’t exceed yours. However, I was able to kill it in one hit” Wei Tie looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng fell into shock.

The battle just now was finished in a flash. But for his battle, he had to dodge so many attacks and attack the neck of the horned boar over and over again. It took him quite a bit of energy to kill it. And that horned boar was clearly weaker than this ocelot monster.

“Think about it deeply” Wei Tie didn’t explain anything and let Luo Feng think about it himself.

Luo Feng was completely shocked.

Wei Tie’s speed and technique weren’t anything out of the ordinary, and yet he produced such amazing results!

“The best way to kill a monster is to aim for its weak points!”. The younger sibling of the Wei Jia brothers, ‘Wei Qing’, said indifferently, “Usually for mammals, their weak points are their eyes, throat, and mouth. One stage below that would be their soft abdomen….. one stage below that would be the neck you were slashing into!”

Luo Feng nodded, he knew this. But the monsters move so quickly, so stabbing their eyes is difficult! And for the horned boar and the ocelot who always lower their heads so much, hitting the throat is hard too. Even the abdomen is hard to hit, so attacking the neck was the simplest way.

“There won’t be many chances to attack the monster’s weak points. The monsters aren’t stupid, they’ll protect their weak points properly”

“However, if there aren’t any chances, then you can make them!”

“For example, my brother crashed into the ocelot at an angle with his shield, causing it to lose its balance. This made the ocelot expose its throat for a split second. He used his scimitar to slash it from the bottom of his shield and into the throat, which killed the ocelot in an instant” Wei Qing said coldly, “This was the last attack my brother did, and it was from the bottom of his shield, so the monster couldn’t react at all!”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Remember, learn how to use your strong points” said Wei Qing, “You have to use them efficiently and cleanly! Your technique is good, but you don’t have to flash your technique around every time to kill the monster. Always move towards the most efficient way to kill the monster”

“Understood” Luo Feng nodded.

Wei Qing let out a rare smile.

“Let’s go” laughed Gao Feng as he waved.

……

The fire hammer squad clearly wanted Luo Feng to become a capable member in the future, so they trained him seriously. On the road, Wei Qing and Wei Tie took turns fighting the monsters that appeared, and sometimes let Luo Feng deal with them too. They taught him with words and techniques, and let Luo Feng get some real experience. Luo Feng’s rate of improvement was also just as astonishing.

Even the warlord level Gao Feng fought a few times, guiding Luo Feng in the process.

Luo Feng knew, that you have to make each attack bring out all of its strength to kill a monster. And when he was fighting the horned boar before, his beautiful dodges were, in fact, useless! Luo Feng’s attacks slowly became more sharp, direct, and effective!

Three days later

Dawn, on the broken city ring road, the six members of the fire hammer squad were moving forward.

“There are two F level mastiff lions, Luo Feng, go” commanded captain Gao Feng.

“Yes, captain”

Luo Feng laughed and grinned, and headed towards the mastiff lions at an average speed.

“HOWL~~” “HOWL~~” the mastiff lions roared at the incoming Luo Feng with bloodthirsty madness in their eyes. They didn’t care much for this human in front of them, but when they got really near each other- -Luo Feng let out a smile on his face

WHOOSH!

His speed accelerated rapidly! Both of the mastiff lion monster’s hairs all stood up.

Luo Feng closed the distance in an instant. The four abnormal steps he did was the Nine Stage Thunder Bladetechnique ‘Flowing Light’. He baited the claws of the mastiff lions, and with a twist of his body, accurately dodged their claws. As their bodies moved across each other, the ghost blade slashed sinisterly in an instant!

PU! Slashed right in the throat.

Luo Feng charged forwards and turned his head towards the other mastiff lion monster.

“HOWL~~” when the mastiff lion monster saw fresh blood spraying from its comrade’s throat, it howled and retreated swiftly.

Chen Gu, Gao Feng, and the other members of the fire hammer squad let out a smile as they watched.

Even though Luo Feng isn’t as experienced as the Wei Jia brothers, but because of his technique, Luo Feng’s killing power is not worse than either the older or younger sibling of the Wei Jia family.

“Luo Feng, let’s go, hurry and enter the town! The mastiff lions are gregarious. The mastiff lion that ran away will soon bring a whole pack of them over here” laughed Chen Gu. Luo Feng laughed as they all united. The six members of the fire hammer squad finally reached their destination–0201 country level city.


Chapter 44: Key Position

The fire hammer squad quietly entered the suburban part of the #0201 country level city.

“Luo Feng, we ran along the highway these past three days, which belongs to the desolate area.” as they walked, Chen Gu kept his voice low and said, “most of the monsters live in the city and in the built-up areas! Places like the counties and urban areas are the truly dangerous locations!”

“Understood, brother Chen” nodded Luo Feng.

Luo Feng already read about the common habits of monsters in the posts.

In the long war between monsters and humans, monsters found that if they live in relatively empty areas, the human army and fighters could lock-on to them from far away. Without anything to hide behind, the humans could use “heavy sniper rifles” and missiles to conduct long distance attacks!

But in the city, there were tons of skyscrapers.

As long as the monsters hid in the urban areas, snipers will rarely have a chance, unless they go inside the city! And right when the human army enters the city, they’ll have to fight with the monsters on the streets, where the monsters will have an overwhelming advantage. Urban areas are the monsters’ heaven!

“Naturally, the target for our fire hammer squad is a commander level monster! However…..” reminded Chen Gu in a small voice, “A commander level monster is intelligent, around the level of a human. The commander level monster will command large amounts of soldier level monsters to surround it. Virtually every commander level monster will be surrounded by large amounts of soldier level monsters, so it’s very difficult to kill a commander level monster”.

Luo Feng nodded.

A soldier and a commander not only have a large difference in strength, but also–intelligence!

To protect their lives, a commander level monster will naturally summon large amounts of soldier level monsters to protect it. Other than the extremely rare monsters that like to be independent, most commanders will be surrounded by soldiers.

“Everybody be careful, there’s a steel clad bull lair up ahead” said Gao Feng suddenly, “The head of this steel clad bull lair is probably a high level commander, and there are large amounts of steel clad bulls in this lair. Let’s go around it! Chen Gu, don’t shoot. If a steel clad bull attacks, remember, kill it instantly. Don’t let the steel clad bull call its comrades”.

“Yes, captain”

The other five all nodded.

Unlike the deserted areas outside, the city and the suburbs are much more dangerous.

The six members of the fire hammer squad carefully moved forward along a narrow path.

“Halt” the older sibling of the Wei Jia family, ‘Wei Tie’, who was in front, raised his hand. He stared seriously in front of him, where a gigantic iron fur boar was lying far away. Beside the boar were two mastiff tiger monsters who had their heads lowered and were feasting on large bites of flesh. Suddenly, the mastiff tiger monster rose its head and looked at the fire hammer squad from far away and became much more cautious.

“We’ll go around, don’t do anything” said Gao Feng in a small voice.

On the deserted highway, Luo Feng and the others were relaxed; they could kill monsters whenever they felt like it. However, it’s different in the city.

……

After treading carefully on the way, taking at least ten detours, and killing eight regular soldier level monsters instantly, Luo Feng and the others finally arrived at their first destination–a small sector in the #0201 country level city, ‘Blue Sky Sector’. The reason why the blue sky sector was the fire hammer squad’s first target was because there were three residential apartments that were 21 stories high.

“Go, to the roof”

“Everyone be careful, a monster might pop out of who knows where in the building”

“Don’t make too much noise”

The six members of the fire hammer squad went along the staircase.

“Howl~~~” a low pitched howl emanated within the building, which made the six members of the fire hammer squad frown. Wei Tie, who was furthest in front, said in a small voice: “It should be upstairs, everybody be careful”. Everybody had their weapon in hand and were prepared to strike. And Chen Gu, who used heated weapons, was being protected in the center.

They went forward one step at a time.

“Hm?” Luo Feng saw a two meter tall lion mastiff monster suddenly appear from the corner in front. It’s fur was long and it looked like a gigantic military SUV. When the lion mastiff monster saw the them, it immediately howled, sending a blood scented wind at them.

The fire hammer squad was going upstairs and the lion mastiff monster dived at them with the energy gained from its gigantic body.

WHOOSH! WHOOSH!

Wei Tie and Wei Qing in the front had almost identical movements. With a shield in one hand and a scimitar in the other, they charged forward at the same time and barely grazed the lion mastiff monster’s body. As their bodies grazed past each other, the scimitars drew curved lines that passed through the joints of the lion mastiff’s front claws.

The brothers Wei Tie and Wei Qing used the exact same technique!

This caused the front two claws of the lion mastiff monster to stagger and fall onto the stairs. At this time, spear ‘Zhang Ke’, who was behind Wei Tie and Wei Qing, instantly moved forward. His alloyed spear carried a metallic sound with it as he pierced the lion mastiff monster’s head.

PU-CHI! The spear instantly pierced through the lion mastiff monster’s eyes and went through its head!

“ROAR~~” The lion mastiff monster unconsciously stepped forward twice and then fell powerlessly.

The cooperation between Wei Qing, Wei Tie, and Zhang Ke was indeed marvelous! The first two took care of the lion mastiff’s front limbs to make it lose its balance, which was immediately followed up by Zhang Ke’s spear for a one hit kill! Zhang ke was horrifyingly accurate with his spear, he actually pierced right through the eye.

……

In the process of climbing up the staircase, the fire hammer squad encountered three monsters, which was considered quite lucky. Out of these three monsters, one of them actually charged up from the ground level. At that time, Luo Feng and Gao Feng were at the back of the team, so naturally it was Luo Feng who had to cleanly kill the G level monster.

After exiting the staircase, the six members of the fire hammer squad arrived at the rooftop of the 21 story residential apartment.

“Shut the door to the staircase, shut it completely freaking tight!” commanded Gao Feng, “Stop any monsters from running up here to the rooftop”.

“Yes’.

Luo Feng and Zhang Ke went to close the steel doors of the staircase, and found a steel rod to jam the door.

“Phew, we can finally loosen up a bit” a rare smile appeared on Zhang Ke’s face. He directly sat on his bottom on the roof and took out some high carb food and water.

“Everyone brought their binoculars right” said Gao Feng, “Everyone take out their binoculars and look down from the roof and try to find a commander level monster! Remember, don’t expose your body too much; it’ll be a bit troublesome if a monster discovers you!”. However, it was actually very safe on the rooftop.

The residential apartment was 21 stories high, so most of the monsters couldn’t climb up from the outside anyway.

Even if a commander level monster commands the monsters to slaughter their way up, how wide is the staircase? The threat wasn’t large. The fire hammer squad has enough time to completely escape.

“Start searching for a commander level monster”

“Yo guys, time to start finding some monsters”

Luo Feng also took out his binoculars from his bag, and some supporting tools like screws. Everyone brought them, since they weren’t heavy.

He squatted onto the side of the roof and looked down onto the street. There were large amounts of monsters everywhere he looked: “The city area has at least ten or a hundred times more monsters”. And on one of the streets, one glance showed that there were at least hundreds of monsters walking forward.

Even a warlord level fighter has a slim chance of escaping alive from hundreds of normal monsters.

“Captain, these are all soldier level monsters”

“I don’t see any commander level monsters here either”

Five of the members, including the captain, were all holding their binoculars and looking down from the roof at different spots. Only when standing on a high location could you see far. On the roof of a 21 story residential apartment, you can see really far, and also see many monsters.

“KA!” a steel case opened. The only member of the fire hammer squad who wasn’t using a binocular, Chen Gu, opened the steel case. Other than large amounts of ammunition, there was another long, rectangular shaped wooden case in the steel case. In the wooden case, there were a few mechanical parts, which Chen Gu swiftly assembled.

A moment later–

A silverish gray heavy sniper rifle that was nearly two meters long was assembled. It’s optical aimer device and other things were also completely assembled.

Chen Gu put special bullets into the clip, for a total of ten bullets.

“Captain, notify me if you find a commander level monster” said Chen Gu.

“Yup, you can first sleep for a bit and rest yourself. Leave the search for the commander level monster to us” nodded Gao Feng, while at the same time commanding the others, “Guys, focus and don’t miss anything”. This was the easiest way to hunt for a commander level monster in the city. Staying at a high location lets you see farther.

This is ten to a hundred times faster than searching for a commander level monster on the streets, and also much safer.

Luo Feng, Zhang Ke, the Wei Jia brothers and Gao Feng, the five of them held their binoculars and carefully looked below, while Chen Gu narrowed his eyes and went to sleep while holding his heavy sniper rifle.


Chapter 45: Commander Level Monster

When the six members of the fire hammer squad were searching for a commander level monster and hiding on the rooftop of the blue sky sector’s residential hall…. Around 30 km away from the #0201 country level city on the ruined highway was a six-man elite fighter group rushing towards the #0201 country level city.

All six of them had a tiger shaped medal on their left breast pocket of their battle uniform.

This was the famous “Tiger Fang Squad” of Jiang-Nan city. There were six people in the tiger fang squad: two of them used heated weapons, and the other four used cold weapons. Two of the four that used cold weapons were warlord level fighters, and the other two were advanced warrior level fighters! And the two that used heated weapons were also warlord level!

Actually, as long as you have enough talent, experience, and time, it’s quite easy to reach the warlord level using heated weapons.

Because they rely on their guns and bullets!

“Old Han, have you found that old guy’s position yet?” asked Zhang Ze Hu in a small voice. This Zhang Ze Hu was indeed one of the six members of the tiger fang squad, and was an advanced warrior level fighter. In terms of strength, the tiger fang squad was extremely powerful. The weakest members were both advanced warrior level fighters, and these two were barely away from the warlord level. “According to the signal flare I left on that old guy, it’s probably 40 km away from us. According to me, I’d think it’s in the #0201 country level city ahead!” said the guy who was holding and looking at a compass-like instrument.

“Finally confirmed the position”

“If we can hunt down this old guy this time, we brothers are gonna be rich”.

The people of the tiger fang squad laughed.

When they were hunting for monsters before, they found the wolf type monster, ‘Hunter’, by chance. There were lots of different classifications for the monsters today. Before the Grand Nirvana period, there were mostly pigs, dogs, cats, cows, and sheep in society. So most of the monsters today are mostly pig type, dog type, cat type, cow type, sheep type, snake type, etc. Monsters like foxes, monkeys, scorpions, wolves, tigers, and jaguars are rarer.

Wolves, tigers, and jaguars were already strong, so after a mutation, they’d become beyond horrifying.

Of course, since there are so many regular monsters, some of them become horrifying existences.

For example, one of the cat type monsters is a legendary existence– Nine Lives Demon Cat!

The Nine Lives Demon Cat is the most frightening monster within the cat type monster category. It has nine tails, and it’s strength surpasses a horde leader! On the entire earth, it’s considered as one of the scariest monsters in the rankings.

……

Since the wolf type monsters have a high reproduction ability, fighters could often encounter a few wolf type monsters this past decade.

And the ‘Hunter’ is one of the most horrifying mutations within the wolf type monster category. They’re also called the king of the wolves–‘Silver Moon Wolf’, each silver moon wolf is practically independent, and they love hunting other monsters and fighters. As they’re also sly and cruel, they got the name of ‘Hunter’.

As of now, the weakest known silver moon wolf is a ‘medium commander level monster’, so a head of a silver moon wolf is worth a fortune.

“This hunter we’re chasing is probably a “high commander level”, practically nearing the horde leader level! Thankfully, this hunter was already wounded when we engaged before, so we were able to give it another heavy wound” said the captain of the tiger fang squad, a dark skinned, thin, short man in a small voice, “As of now, we’ve already healed up and regained our strength! This time, we have to grab our chance and hunt down this ‘Hunter’ whose strength has declined greatly”.

“Yes, captain”

The six members of the tiger fang squad were full of fighting spirit! One dead hunter is practically worth more than one or two years of their income.

On the rooftop of one of the 21 story high residential hall in the blue sky sector.

Five members of the fire hammer squad had their binoculars pointed down and were looking carefully. Luo Feng held his binocular with his left hand and his water bottle with his right. He drank a little bit of water, put the binoculars down, tightened up the cap of the water bottle and put it into his back. Only after that did he continue looking downwards with his binoculars again.

“Captain, do we just foolishly wait here?” asked Luo Feng.

“What do you understand?” Gao Feng laughed as he put down his binoculars, “In this area, a 21 story high residential apartment is already pretty high. From the rooftop, we can scan a radius of 5 km with our binoculars. How big is a country level city? Of course, because some of the buildings are blocking, our efficiency isn’t that high. However–this efficiency is already immensely high. Everybody can rest and find monsters. It’s the best way.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Captain, you guys come look here” shouted Zhang Ke suddenly as he pointed down in a certain direction.

WHOOSH!

The other four ran there, each of them holding their binoculars and looking downwards. Luo Feng also looked towards the direction Zhang ke was pointing at, and through the binoculars he saw that there were horned boars and iron fur boars appearing in some of the streets in the north west direction. There was probably a total of a couple hundred boars, and the number of boars were still increasing in his field of view.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed. On one of the streets, there was a peculiar monster that was moving slowly and calling upon more pig type monsters. It was completely red and looked like a tank.

“This is the Bloodthirsty Tank?” said Luo Feng out of shock.

Out of the pig type monsters, they are ranked at #2–Bloodthirsty Tank herd. It’s called a bloodthirsty tank, but they’re also a pig type monster. They have a large amount of scales on them and their defense is amazing. At a glance, it resembles an armored tank, and its defense and attack isn’t inferior to a real tank at all.

“It’s a bloodthirsty tank!”

“Man it’s a big catch”

“Captain, according to the color of its scales, it should be around a ‘low commander level monster’. Maybe nearing ‘medium commander level’”.

Some of the fire hammer squad members started arguing.

“Hm”Hm, the price of a bloodthirsty tank is quite high” laughed captain Gao Feng, “even though it’s only a low commander level monster, its price is comparable to medium commander level monsters. This is a great catch! Everybody cheer up”

“Old Chen”

“Chen Gu”

The captain’s voice caused Chen Gu to finally open his eyes. Chen Gu laughed as he stood up, “Yo guys, found a commander level monster?”

“Come and look” laughed Gao Feng.

Chen Gu sprinted over and looked through the binoculars. He was astonished as he said: “Damn, its the bloodthirsty tank that’s ranked second in the pig type monsters. This guy’s defense is crazy; the armor piercing bullets I brought probably wouldn’t even be able to pierce through its scales! Looks like it’s time to use my precious ones”.

“Hurry, bullets aren’t worth that much” persuaded Gao Feng.

Chen Gu was quick; he immediately sprinted to the steel case, took out three blood-red colored bullets, and changed the bullets in the sniper rifle.

“PU!”

Chen Gu laid on the roof and set up his silverish gray heavy sniper rifle. The barrel of the gun reflected the light from the sun. And Chen Gu stuck out his hand to get a feel for the direction, and started doing detailed calculations as he calibrated his optical aimer device. The other five members of the fire hammer squad didn’t dare make a sound.

Suddenly–

“PENG!” a deep sound full of force rang.

In practically an instant, the bullet went through the air and shot through. Not only was the power of this alloyed armor piercing bullet destructively high, but its speed was also a couple times higher than the speed of sound. Because it was faster than the speed of sound, the sonic boom it causes is behind the bullet, which means that the sound won’t reach the monster until after it has been hit by the bullet.

The bloodthirsty tank walked slowly on the street, commanding large amounts of monsters.

“PU!”

The scales between the back of the ear and the neck instantaneously combusted, dramatically blowing up a hole as the bullet forced its way through.

“AO~~” the bloodthirsty tank wailed in pain as it started staggering and swaying around. After it regained its balance, the bloodthirsty tank immediately howled in rage and bitterness over and over. In an instant, the large amounts of pig type monsters that were spread out immediately rushed towards it, and the spot where the bloodthirsty tank was hit started bleeding. It kept howling over and over, but it wasn’t able to determine where the bullet was shot from.

……

On the roof, Chen Gu slightly raised his head and moved the optical aimer device away from his eye as he said confidently: “My luck was pretty good, I hit its vital spot. This bloodthirsty boar didn’t die instantly because its life force is strong, but it’ll fall for sure within 5 minutes”. The first shot is the most effective shot in long ranged sniping because the commander level monster isn’t prepared for it.

However, if the first bullet fails to strike a vital point, then there’ll be trouble.

And a commander level monster has extremely high defense, so its pretty good if a bullet could just pierce through its armor. Because of that, bullets usually concentrate on high penetration powered ‘armor piercing bullets’ and not some of the destructive explosion bullets. If you can’t even get through the armor, then what’s the point of being destructive?

“Nice shooting” laughed Zhang Ke as he gave a thumbs up.

“The skull of a bloodthirsty tank is extremely hard. Even if you get through the scales, the bloodthirsty tank isn’t affected much” laughed Gao Feng, “Chen Gu, this gun is fantastic”. If Chen Gu failed, then they would have to kill all of the monsters guarding the bloodthirsty tank, which is too difficult!

“Don’t praise me too much”

Chen Gu laughed: “Now you guys have to think of a way to get the corpse of that bloodthirsty tank. There are hundreds of monsters surrounding it. And if we’re too slow….. another fighter squad might steal our loot”.

“Don’t jinx it, there are probably at most two or three fighter squads in this country level city”. Gao Feng laughed, “Alright guys, let’s tidy up and depart, to get the corpse down there”.


Chapter 46: The corpse of the monster

“Zhang Ke, go and carry one of Chen Gu’s steel cases!” commanded Gao Feng.

“Yes, captain”.

Spear Zhang Ke headed towards Chen Gu, where Chen Gu was currently disassembling his heavy sniper rifle and putting it back into the wooden case. He put the wooden case and large amounts of ammunition into the steel case and handed it over to Zhang Ke. After that, Chen Gu opened the other steel case and took out a grim machine gun. He wrapped the bullet chains around himself and attached one of the ends to the machine gun.

Luo Feng clicked his tongue after seeing such a sight and couldn’t help but to be amazed.

Heated weapons are usually only very effective against soldier level monsters. For example, there was luck involved in the one shot killing of the ‘bloodthirsty tank’. With such a large body and tough skull, even if the bloodthirsty tank gets hit by a bullet, it usually doesn’t affect it at all.

So–

There are very few spots where you can kill it in one hit. Like the eyes, right below the skullcap, and behind the ears. You have to be extremely accurate when shooting. One, you need skill, and second, you need luck. If the bloodthirsty tank was just a bit more cautious, or even if it just changed its direction, the shot would’ve missed. “Go, go down”

After Gao Feng’s command, Luo Feng and the others went down the staircase and quickly left the blue sky sector.

Five minutes later, Luo Feng and the others were in a small alley. Wei Tie, who was leading, sneakily made a peek outside, and said as he turned his head: “Captain, the bloodthirsty tank is down and dead”.

“Old Chen, damn nice” Gao Feng gave a thumbs up.

Chen Gu laughed.

“However, captain” continued Wei Tie, “there are at least a couple hundred monsters surrounding the body of the bloodthirsty tank. It’s gonna be troublesome to retrieve the bloodthirsty tank’s corpse”. This is the annoying part of killing a commander level monster with far ranged attacks. Even if you succeed, retrieving the valuable materials from the corpse is also very dangerous.

However–

It’s much safer than killing the commander level monster in the herd of monsters.

“Same rules, Wei Tie and Wei Qing will distract the herd. When they’re confused, we’ll go” commanded Gao Feng, and he turned his head towards Luo Feng.

Luo Feng took a deep breath at this time. Charging at a couple hundred monsters in a herd is indeed the most dangerous situation he’s been in so far with the fire hammer squad. Of course, according to the posts he read, these kinds of situations are one of the easier situations that fighter squads have to deal with. There are situations that are tens to hundreds of times more dangerous than this.

“Luo Feng, you wait next to Chen Gu. Your mission is to protect Chen Gu and not allow any monster to attack him” commanded Gao Feng.

“Don’t worry captain, I definitely won’t let even one monster approach brother Chen” nodded Luo Feng.

Good, let’s go!”

Gao Feng ordered.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Two black lights came flying from the brothers Wei Tie and Wei Qing’s hands, as if they were lightning. They flew for around a hundred meters and landed in the middle of the herd of monsters. These two black lights were actually two ellipse-shaped black balls. These ellipse-shaped black balls also had a red timer signal on them.

The monsters that noticed this thing immediately got away in caution.

Beep! Beep!

“BOOM~~”

The two timer bombs exploded ferociously. Flying fragments followed the powerful explosion, causing the two monsters beside them to fall with blood all over their bodies. At the same time, the bombs released large amounts of smokescreen, which quickly spread around in every direction.

In terms of power, these two timer bombs only killed one monster by luck and harmed five or six of them. Most of the monsters were just affected by the smoke screen.

“Charge!” commanded Gao Feng.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Luo Feng also exploded all the strength in his body, with his shield in one hand and his ghost blade in the other. He sprinted quickly and followed Chen Gu. The speed of all six members of the fire hammer squad was astonishing. They were around 150 meters away from the commander level monster’s corpse in the herd and they got there in four or five seconds.

And this was with a decreased speed from running into the middle of the herd.

Captain Gao Feng moved like lightning and charged forwards. He was holding one of his heavy hammers in one of his hands and started swinging it, and only the two sounds “PENG!”, “PENG!” were heard. Two of the soldier level monsters’ heads immediately exploded after getting smashed. One side were the medium soldier level monsters and the other was the ‘beginner level warlord’ fighter whose strength neared an ‘intermediate level warlord’ fighter.

The difference in strength was too big!

He was holding his heavy hammer in one hand, but a dagger in the other. In almost an instant, he was next to the corpse of the ‘bloodthirsty tank’, and he rapidly stuck his dagger into the hole made by the bullet behind the bloodthirsty tank’s ear. While Gao Feng was dissecting this corpse and getting the materials, the other five members of the fire hammer squad were in danger.

“Hurry, Luo Feng, protect old Chen well” said Zhang Ke as he waved his spear.

The brothers Wei Qing and Wei Tie were protecting Gao Feng. With the bloodthirsty tank’s defense, if it was Wei Tie or Luo Feng dissecting it, a large amount of time would be needed. However, with Gao Feng’s astonishing strength, half a minute is enough time.

“HOWL~~”

“ROAR~~”

The surrounding monsters discovered Luo Feng and the others and started charging at them. It was like a heavy hummer charging at over 100 km/h at them.

“Get out” with two skillful steps, Luo Feng smashed the shield in his left hand into the charging horned boar as he dodged, pushing the horned boar off balance. Its gigantic body fell over and shook the ground as it fell onto the already cracked concrete sidewalk, causing large amounts of dust to rise.

Luo Feng didn’t want to kill the enemy, he just wanted to survive for half a minute.

“XIU!” “XIU!”

Zhang Ke waved his spear, killing two soldier level monsters and beating down three of them. After that, those three enraged monsters howled and surrounded Zhang Ke as they charged at him. Zhang Ke didn’t have a shield; he only used his one spear.

“Not good”, after slashing with his spear, Zhang Ke’s face changed.

“ROAR~~” the speed of an iron fur boar charging is at least 50 m/s. The size of its body is like a small truck, but its speed rivals a sports car’s. And not only did Zhang Ke not have the time to block, but there were also three monsters surrounding him in front too.

“I’m going to receive a heavy wound this time”. Zhang Ke clenched his teeth.

“PENG!”

A shadow appeared from the side and it stomped on the charging iron fur’s body. Doing so under such a high speed would cause you to lose a lot of control over your body. The iron fur boar also lost control after getting stomped and it directly fell over. However, it quickly crawled back up.

“Brother Zhang, let’s hang on here” said Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng, thanks!” yelled Zhang Ke gratefully. If it wasn’t for Luo Feng, Zhang Ke would’ve definitely received a heavy wound. Zhang Ke thought to himself: “Letting Luo Feng join the fire hammer squad was indeed a good idea. And his steps are so quick and agile”.

“Great technique” praised Chen Gu who was under protection.

At this time, there were a couple hundred monsters in the herd, and the fight between Luo Feng and the few dozen at the beginning soon attracted many more monsters. Thankfully, the smoke screen blocked their vision and the herd hasn’t been able to effectively bring out their full power.

“Not good, captain, hurry”

Wei Tie couldn’t help but to yell.

With every passing second, the fire hammer squad’s situation worsens. The monsters surrounding them quickly increased in number.

“Chen Gu, fire!” commanded Gao Feng who was squatting beside the bloodthirsty tank’s corpse and being protected by the Wei Jia brothers.

“Yes”.

Chen Gu licked his lips and smiled savagely. Luo Feng and Zhang Ke, who were beside Chen Gu, immediately stepped back. As Chen Gu pressed the trigger, “TU TU TU~~~” a stream of light sprayed out of the muzzle like crazy. Each and every bullet was an expensive armor piercing bullet that Chen Gu bought.

They’re even a bit threatening to a commander level monster.

“HOWL~”

In an instant, large amounts of monsters started howling in pain as the crazily shot armor piercing bullets started entering their bodies. These monsters were strong in vitality, so they usually don’t die even after being shot. Only firing at their heads can you kill them in one shot! These armor piercing bullets won’t go through a commander level monster’s skull, but they usually have no problem with soldier level monsters.

PENG! One of the monster’s cerebrospinal liquid flew out.

PU! One of the monsters that fell had another hole in its body.

“Haha….. die, die” as if Chen Gu was going mad, ke-luo alloyed armor piercing bullets continuously streamed from the gun’s muzzle. The bullets virtually suppressed a whole side of the herd. Luo Feng and Zhang Ke were stopping the other side of the monsters from attacking Chen Gu.

As the gun fired, the monsters in the smokescreen were able to quickly determine the correct direction and charged madly.

When fighting a herd, Chen Gu’s skill with the machine gun makes one fighter equal around ten fighters! However, as the machine gun fires, it attracts the attention of other monsters.

“Okay, let’s go”

Chen Gu, who finished harvesting the material, commanded in a low voice, which made Luo Feng and the others sigh in relief.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

The six members of the fire hammer squad started escaping.

“RUMBLE~~” hundreds of enraged monsters started chasing them. One running monster is enough to shake the concrete earth. Hundreds of them running together made it seem like an earthquake was going on. The entire street and even the ruined homes and apartments beside them started shaking. They even gave off a rumbling echo.

“Herds sure are scary” Luo Feng turned his head and looked back. The hundreds of monsters that were mad enough to almost go crazy were practically flying at them, so it was quite a startling scene.

“Over here”

The fire hammer squad immediately slipped into an alley. The alley was very narrow, so two monsters couldn’t walk side by side at the same time; they could only enter one by one. Taking advantage of this, the fire hammer squad kept slipping into small alleys in the built-up areas. They soon shook off the entire herd of monsters.

Half an hour later.

Luo Feng and the others quietly came to a roof of a hotel that was 18 stories high.

“Haha, everybody did a great job this time” laughed captain Gao Feng, “Chen Gu, that shot was brilliant. Luo Feng, you were great too, you saved Zhang Ke. Yup, this ‘bloodthirsty tank’ is a medium commander level monster, and it’s one of the hardest medium commander level monsters to hunt. We sure made a bit of cash this time. I wouldn’t have thought that we’d make this much on our first day; we sure got a ton right when we started. I estimate that as this month goes on, our income won’t be small at all”.

Luo Feng, Chen Gu, and the others all started laughing one by one.

Luo Feng looked at his tactical communications watch and was startled: “a phone call?”

Even if someone calls, this tactical communications watch won’t distract the fighter. The fighter has to look at the watch himself to find out if someone called him.

“It’s from home” laughed Luo Feng, and he gave a voice command, “Call back!”

“Beep, beep, beep, beep…..”

The tactical communications watch called Luo Feng’s home.


Chapter 47: Tiger Fang Squad

“Yo, bro”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to laugh after hearing the sound that came from the tactical communications watch: “Luo Hua, weren’t you heating things up with that young lady? How come you have the time to call me!”

“Haha…..”

On the balcony, Chen Gu, Zhang Ke, and the others came one by one and started laughing.

“Even if I have a wife I can’t forget my older brother” laughed the younger brother in the tactical communications watch, “Oh yea, bro. I called to tell you something. Nan officially agreed to be my girlfriend, haha….. isn’t your brother great”

The younger brother laughed joyfully.

How long has it been? He hasn’t been this happy before.

“The power of love is indeed great”. Luo Feng thought to himself, “He’s been crippled for so long, so he has a lot of psychological pressure to deal with. For him to be so happy after getting a girlfriend……” Luo Feng was happy for his brother, and immediately laughed: “You still gotta work hard and get that certificate!”

“Bro, we can’t rush this. We gotta go step by step” laughed Luo Hua. “Oh yea, what about mom and dad?” asked Luo Feng.

“They went grocery shopping” answered Luo Hua.

Luo Feng nodded…..

Mom can finally go grocery shopping in the afternoon, and Dad can finally relax and spend time with Mom in the market.

“I’m fine bro. Be careful while you’re out of the city” said Luo Hua out of concern.

“No worries!”

After the call ended, Luo Feng had a smile all over his face.

“Alright, since Luo Feng is done with his phone call, everyone come here for a sec” said Gao Feng. In a moment, Luo Feng and the others walked over, “today, we just entered the city and produced great results! As always, we’ll divide the spoils based on everyone’s contribution in the battle!”

“After we finish hunting and return to base to resupply, we’ll do the dividing”. Suddenly, Gao Feng’s expression became very serious, “However, let me give a reminder, that everybody must be extremely cautious! This is an area with a high amount of buildings, where all the monsters’ nests are. There will be a huge amount of commander level monsters in the entire city. So don’t let your guards down, or else it’ll be troublesome if any of you get into a dangerous situation. Many fighters died last year”.

“Yes”

Chen Gu, Zhang Ke, the Wei Jia brothers, and Luo Feng all nodded seriously.

Luo Feng also knew…..

That joining the army was the safest. The mortality rate of a fighter like him barging into the wilderness was extremely high!

“Everybody used up quite a bit of energy in the slaughter just now. We were also rushing through the night, so everybody rest now. After 4 PM, we’ll move out!” decided Gao Feng.

“Yes”

“Phew, time to rest”

The six members of the fire hammer squad either leaned against something or laid down to rest.



While the fire hammer squad was well-hidden and resting on the rooftop of the hotel, the tiger fang squad already entered the #0201 country level city. The six of them were carefully moving throughout the alleys of the ruined city. Some of the alleys’ walls were collapsed, and some even had corpses of monsters in them.

“Halt!” the skinny captain rose his hand and everyone else stopped.

The captain of the tiger fang squad said in a small voice: “Everyone listen up, we only have one target this time–the already injured silver moon wolf! So while we’re here in the city, make sure you don’t mess with any of the other monsters! If you can hide, hide. If you can run, run. Try not to fight them, and it’ll be troublesome if you get injured!”

The other five members nodded seriously.

This is a “high level commander level” silver moon wolf. The amount of money you could make is even greater than hunting dozens of low level commander level monsters.

“Also….. once we catch up to the silver moon wolf! This silver moon wolf is extremely wounded, so we only need to hit it two or three more times to kill it. So never try to fight it head on. Let me remind you guys again, do not, DO NOT try to fight it head on and drag it out! If we really start fighting this silver moon wolf with everything, at least one or two of us will lose our lives!”

Everyone nodded their heads with serious expressions on their faces.

A high level commander level monster, and the king of the wolves: ‘silver moon wolf’. Even when injured, if it stakes its life for revenge, it’s possible that most of the tiger fang squad will get killed.

“We just have to keep injuring it and let it bleed; torture it to death!” laughed the captain of the tiger fang squad with confidence, “A country level area like this has a very low chance of attracting a wargod fighter squad. There are probably just a few teams in this city, and with a team like ours, we should be the strongest ones in the city. So we don’t need to worry about someone stealing it away!”

Usually, stronger warlord level fighter teams are more active in the urban level areas. There’s more of a challenge, and there are more independent commander level monsters!

For example, there’s a reason why the fire hammer squad came to this country level area. And that’s because–Luo Feng is a rookie!

Otherwise, the fire hammer squad would also enter an urban level area, and not a country level area.

“Captain, if there actually is a fighter squad that actually tries to steal…..” said the one eyed middle aged man as he wrinkled his eyebrows.

“Relax”

Zhang Ze Hu laughed on the side, “Even we don’t dare to stick too close to that hunter! And most of the fighter squads in this city are warrior level! One warlord level fighter squad would already be pretty good. And if they try to fight the silver moon wolf? They’ll probably get torn to pieces immediately by the silver moon wolf”.

“Yup”

The captain of the tiger fang squad nodded, “They don’t have the ability to steal the silver moon wolf away. If they do….. kill them!”

“Yes!”

The other five nodded.

“Let’s go” the captain of the tiger fang squad waved his hand and the six of them swiftly moved forward silently.

The wilderness isn’t like a headquarter!

Headquarters are cities controlled by humans, where there’s law! Where there’s a government!

But in the wilderness, monsters rule the area. Here, dark, chaotic, and bloody cases are everywhere. For a prized corpse of a monster, there are many cases where fighter squads have killed each other over it! Of course, most of the time it’s a stronger fighter squad stealing from a weaker fighter squad.

Many fighters in the wilderness die to monsters. However, quite a few fighters die to other fighters too.

Midnight. The six members of the fire hammer squad ate a lot and were well rested, and all of them looked through their binoculars and had them pointing downwards.

“We already saw two commander level monsters in two hours” said Wei Tie helplessly, “Sadly, each of them have a gigantic amount of soldier level monsters surrounding them! Looks like the urban areas are still better. Even though there are many commander level monsters, and sometimes even a ‘horde leader level’ monster there… Most of the regular soldier level monsters are all focused around the horde leader level monsters and the powerful commander level monsters. Many of the commander level monsters are independent”.

Before, Chen Gu had fired two shots from his sniper rifle!

However, they didn’t get so lucky this time.

These two shots were fired at the two commander level monsters. One of them barely had any effect at all, and while the other one was heavily wounded, it didn’t die! Most importantly, they have tons of soldier level monsters protecting them.

“That’s the bad point of a country level city. Even a regular commander level monster has a huge amount of monsters under its control” sighed Zhang Ke.

“However, country level cities are safe”

Gao Feng laughed, “Out of the entire country level city, there are only one or two high level commander level monsters. And all of them are surrounded by a gigantic amount of normal monsters, so we wouldn’t even touch them. As for the regular monster hordes, with our squad’s strength, we can wipe them out if we really wanted to! We aren’t afraid of suddenly getting surrounded by a few commander level monsters”.

In the cities, there are many commander level monsters, so it’s easy to get surrounded by several of them.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng looked through his binoculars, “This, this is a commander level monster?”

Around ten monsters appeared on the edge of the street, and all of them had spots. They gave off the feeling of a tiger, the ‘ocelot race’ of the cat type monsters. All of these ocelots had large bodies, and one of them even had two tails!

“Two tails? Commander level?” said Luo Feng excitedly.

In the ocelot race, two tails means a low level commander, three tails means a medium level commander….. five tails, low level horde leader….. seven tails, high level horde leader…… eight tails, already surpassing the horde leader level, and is one of the strongest existences in the ocelot race.

And out of all the cat type animals, nine tails….. is the Nine Lives Demon Cat (Nine Lives Cat King), which is one of the most horrifying monsters on earth.

“Captain, look, a commander level ocelot” yelled Luo Feng.

“Ocelot?”

In a moment, the other five rushed over and looked for it with their binoculars.

“It’s really an ocelot! Looks like the fact that ocelots don’t like large groups isn’t just a rumor. There are only 16 regular soldier level monsters surrounding the commander level ocelot” laughed Gao Feng, “Guys, get ready for action”.

“Only 16 regular monsters, I can handle them alone” laughed Chen Gu, so all the other members were relaxed.

“Let’s go!”

Under Gao Feng’s command, Luo Feng and the others left the rooftop one by one. This time, they didn’t fire in advance….. for if they fail to kill the ocelot, it might run away! For a commander level monster to only have around a dozen monsters with it is very rare in a small country level city.


Chapter 48: Do It

Luo Feng followed the five veteran members of the fire hammer squad as they quietly went over the wall and into a residential home on the side of the street. The walls of this residential home were mostly collapsed, the corners of the walls that were left had moss growing all over them, and the concrete walkway has been covered with weeds ages ago.

“The fat sheep is ahead”. Wei Tie went through a gap in the collapsed wall and looked around on the street outside, “We’re pretty lucky. This ocelot is searching for prey with its underlings in a relaxed manner”.

Luo Feng also looked outside through the gap in the collapsed wall.

Around 50 meters away, the commander level ocelot was leading its group of ocelots on the street.

“Remember guys”

Gao Feng said in a small voice, “First, your mission is to kill those regular ocelots. As for the commander level ocelot, just stay away from it and try not to get hit. Just leave it to me. If it’s one low level commander level ocelot, I can handle it alone. Next, Chen Gu, don’t fire your machine gun. It’s not too late to fire until after something unexpected happens….. once you start firing, we’ll have to flee the battlefield”.

“Understood”

Luo Feng and the others nodded seriously.

Gunshots attract monsters easily. If you’re on the rooftop of a high building, then the monsters can’t pinpoint your position with just their ears. However, shooting on the ground exposes your position easily. Soon after, large amounts of monsters will be attracted and will surround and attack. As time goes on, more and more monsters will keep getting attracted.

Last time, when they were trying to retrieve the corpse of the ‘bloodthirsty tank’, everyone started running for their lives once Chen Gu started firing.

“Alright, this time we’re gonna make this quick! Let’s go!” Gao Feng waved his hand.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Six shadows flew out at practically the same time, and even Chen Gu had a machine gun in his left hand and a short dagger in his right.

Six people, as if six blurred images, all charged at the group of ocelots.

“ROAR~~” the hairs of the two tailed ocelot, head of the ocelot group, all stood up and it immediately roared out of anger. The 16 surrounding ocelots also started to give out an enraged roar one by one. These roars kept echoing between the two sides of the streets and the sound shook the sky. Each of the strong, burly ocelots crazily charged at the humans in front of their eyes.

“Kill!”

“Scum, die!”

Luo Feng watched the ocelot fly towards him like lightning, and stepped a meter away to the side. The ghost blade in his hand used this position to draw a cold light that went straight for the throat of the ocelot! The charging ocelot growled in a low voice and lowered its head to use its chin to block Luo Feng’s attack!

“CHI!”

The ghost blade cut the fur of the ocelot’s chin and even cut half a cm into the jawbone.

“This ocelot reacts quickly, much faster than the lion mastiff monsters” when Luo Feng landed, a blood scented wind came as another ocelot’s mouth was already wide open and ready to bite Luo Feng. Luo Feng first stepped back for some more space and then directly used his shield to block and his blade to stab!

The ghost blade delicately slid across the shield and stabbed through the charging ocelot’s chin in an instant.

Luo Feng ferociously pulled his blade out and stepped back.

“Pu~~~” fresh blood sprayed wildly, and the large ocelot fell to the ground. It swayed three times and then fell down to the cracked concrete floor with a howl.

“Watch out!”

A huge voice suddenly shouted!

[KUANG]

The nearby brothers Wei Tie and Wei Qing were suddenly hit and thrown into the air. Wei Tie’s entire body smashed against one of the walls on the street and, with a boom, the poorly maintained wall instantly shattered. Wei Tie fell down and spit out a mouthful of fresh blood.

“ROAR~~” the twin tailed cat that instantly smashed into the brothers Wei Tie and Wei Qing was in front of Luo Feng at almost the same time.

“Too fast!” Luo Feng was startled and instantly side stepped.

“Just barely!”

Clearly, his dodging speed wasn’t fast enough, and as he saw the claws of the twin tailed ocelot about to latch onto himself, he used his shapeless spiritual force to move himself away. The speed of his sidestepped increased by a significant amount and the twin tailed ocelot’s claws just barely touched him.

“CHI!”

Luo Feng also used this chance to unleash an uppercut! The blade slashed against one of the twin tailed ocelot’s forelimbs, but the sharp blade actually made a “CHI” sound as it slashed against the fur. It couldn’t even break through a single layer of fur on the twin tailed ocelot’s front claw.

“The speed and defense of a commander level monster is just too horrifying” said Luo Feng out of shock.

“PUCHI!” The twin tailed ocelot landed on the ground and its sharp claws caused the concrete floor to crack open.

“SCUM!!!” Gao Feng, whose carelessness led to his comrades’ injuries, rushed like lightning and ferociously rammed towards the twin tailed ocelot with a hideous look on his face. The two gigantic, heavy hammers spun like a windmill as they smashed into the twin tailed ocelot. The twin tailed ocelot, completely unaffected by Luo Feng’s blade, turned towards Gao Feng like a huge truck and rushed towards him!

“PENG” “PENG”

The hammers and the claws clashed.

Both Gao Feng and the twin tailed ocelot staggered, but Gao Feng used his left foot to charge at the twin tailed ocelot again. Gao Feng gave the twin tailed ocelot no chance to attack his comrades again! And the bones in one of the twin tailed ocelot’s limb were fractured by the heavy hammer, so it could only rely on three of its legs to stand.

In their struggle, it seems that Gao Feng has the advantage!

RUMBLE~~ The heavy hammers kept smashing!

……

On the rooftop of a six story residential building around five hundred meters away from this scene, the six members of the tiger fang squad were using their binoculars to look around.

“Captain, it seems that there are quite a bit of monsters around, so it’ll be difficult to not agitate any monsters within a ten mile radius of the location of ‘the hunter’” said the one eyed middle aged man as he frowned. The skinny captain of the tiger fang squad also frowned. Suddenly, his gaze landed upon the fire hammer squad that was battling the ocelot monsters far away.

“It’s the fire hammer squad” said the captain of the tiger fang squad as he raised his eyebrows, “They came to this country level city too?”

“The fire hammer squad probably did this because they brought that rookie Luo Feng” said the one eyed middle aged man, “The guy with the twin hammers is clearly Gao Feng. Gao Feng sure is powerful, he’s going at it with a low level commander level monster. I heard that his strength is already at the level of an intermediate warlord, but it’s just that his speed is a bit lacking. Seems like they weren’t just rumors”.

Carrying a gigantic machete on his back, Zhang Ze Hu’s eyes flashed. He grabbed his binoculars and looked towards that direction and said joyfully, “It actually is the fire hammer squad, and that Luo Feng kid is actually here. Seems like he’s performing well!”. A savage light passed through Zhang Ze Hu’s eyes.

“Captain, it’s this tiny rabbit that made me lose a whole one hundred million!” said Zhang Ze Hu, “Let’s use this chance to kill him”. One hundred million was a large sum of money to Zhang Ze Hu. Since he’s only at the advanced warrior level, he has to risk his life for two years to earn one hundred million.

“Kill him?”

The other members of the squad were slightly surprised.

The captain of the tiger fang squad frowned, and then laughed: “Good idea! Xiao, Dong, you two use your snipers to deal with the most important members of the fire hammer squad, and then immediately fire at the two monster hordes near them! We’re far away, so the monsters won’t be able to tell where the sudden shot came from”.

“These normal monsters have very low intelligence: once they get hit, they’ll only attack the humans they can see!”

The captain of the tiger fang squad laughed coldly, “At that time, the two monster hordes will be attracted to the fire hammer squad and will surround them! The gigantic slaughter will attract large amounts of monsters over there, which will lower the amount of monsters in the other areas. When that happens, we can easily go through miles of land!”.

The other members of the tiger fang squad were silent.

It’s not like they haven’t killed other fighters before. But they usually only did that to steal monsters’ corpses, but to just do it in this case…..

…..

“Dong, aim on that Luo Feng and kill him in one shot to relieve my brother” said Zhang Ze Hu as he clenched his teeth.

“Do it!” ordered the captain of the tiger fang squad.

“Yes, captain”.

The two heated weapon using members didn’t delay. On the border of life and death, they had too much experience killing monsters and humans.

“Hmph hmph, Luo Feng” Zhang Ze Hu stood on the edge of the rooftop as he watched the fire hammer squad that already succeeded in killing the twin tailed ocelot. He let out a cold smile as he said, “You dare mess with my money, I’ll take your life! Go regret it in hell!”.

And the two sniper rifles were already set up.

The two heated weapon using members were in front of their sniper rifles, and they chose to use a special, powerful armor piercing round. They started to aim and adjust for elevation, etc. and then they nodded to their captain, showing they’re ready.

“HU!” the captain of the tiger fang squad waved his hand.

The two members pressed the triggers simultaneously!

“PENG!”

“PENG!”

The two low sounds rang and the two bullets instantly split through the space and headed towards the fire hammer squad that was currently getting the material from the twin tailed ocelot’s corpse. The sound rang, but the bullets moved at a couple times faster than the speed of sound, so the bullets arrived before the fire hammer squad could even hear anything!


Chapter 49: Deadly Situation

“The tendon of a ocelot monster’s tail is worth quite a bit”. With a “CHI” sound of Luo Feng’s ghost blade, it drew across the tail and took out the transparent tendon. Luo Feng looked at Wei Tie beside him and laughed, “Brother Tie sure is strong. With that collision with the twin tailed ocelot just now, brother Tie was spitting out blood. It scared me, but it seems like brother Tie is perfectly fine now!”

“Are you stupid? Should I just force the blood back down instead of spitting it out? The damage will be even worse that way!” said Wei Tie jokingly as he laughed.

“Alright, let’s get these one by one” laughed Chen Gu.

The six members of the fire hammer squad were in quite a good mood. Gao Feng squatted next to the twin tailed ocelot while dissecting it. Of course, the twin tailed ocelot’s corpse was the hardest to dissect.

“Luo Feng brought luck to our squad. It’s our first day and we killed two commander level monsters in a row” laughed Gao Feng as he dissected.

“Haha, captain, you gotta praise me for that. It was me who tried to get Luo Feng in our squad” laughed Chen Gu.

The group laughed merrily.

“Hm?”

As if Luo Feng’s tail was on fire, his eyes instantly widened. It was as if the conditions were exactly the same as his reaction speed examination where he dodged the rubber bullets:–the air was hazy in front of him and a bullet could be seen!

The speed of the bullet was at least 10 times faster than the rubber bullets used in the reaction speed examination! Luo Feng didn’t even have time to yell out a warning.

Under immense stress, Luo Feng’s body instantly started pumping out adrenaline, and his heart started beating at an alarming rate. All the hairs on his body stood up and his mind was pushed to a limit never seen before! Even the spiritual force that was sleeping deep within him spread out across his entire body automatically!

A life or death situation!

Human’s innate survival instinct caused Luo Feng’s body and spiritual force to instantly reach their limit!

“PU!”

The armor piercing bullet tore through the air and shot towards Luo Feng’s brain.

Luo Feng used the ghost blade that was dissecting the ocelot’s tail to block the bullet. He pushed his body to its limit and used all of his power to swing his blade around. While his waist exerted its first force, it actually had time to exert a second force!

Everything fell into place! Facing death, his body was able to naturally exert the second force while his concentration and body were at their limits.

Nine Stage Thunder Blade–First Stage!

It actually worked!

The speed of the ghost blade instantly flew up!

“Accelerate!” Luo Feng used his spiritual force on his ghost blade to make it move even faster!

“Decelerate!”

Without delay, the spiritual force was used on the armor piercing bullet that was flying towards him at an extreme speed. The armor piercing bullet was reduced to mach 1 from mach 4! And with a “CLANG!”, Luo Feng’s ghost blade directly hit the armor piercing bullet.

The tip of the armor piercing bullet pushed into the blade and then bounced off.

“PENG!”

The other armor piercing bullet was aimed at captain ‘Gao Feng’s’ brain. According to the tiger fang squad’s plan, Zhang Ze Hu requested to kill Luo Feng, while the other bullet was prepared for the strongest member of the fire hammer squad, Gao Feng. So these two bullets were prepared for Luo Feng and Gao Feng!

And Gao Feng, who was currently dissecting the twin tailed ocelot and had his back turned towards the bullet, didn’t see the armor piercing bullet at all.

“PU!” the dagger in Gao Feng’s hand ferociously cut through the fur of the twin tailed ocelot. This force made his body sway, and the bullet that was aimed for his brain got off target. Right when he was about to feel the toughness of the ocelot’s fur–

HU!

The super fast armor piercing bullet just barely grazed Gao Feng’s ear as it flew by. The rapid airflow caused Gao Feng’s ear to start bleeding.

“PENG!”

The armor piercing bullet cruelly landed in Zhang Ke’s shoulder, who was beside Gao Feng. And the shot that is able to burst open a low level commander level monster’s scales instantly shattered the bones and muscles in Zhang Ke’s shoulder. With a BOOM, Zhang Ke’s right shoulder directly flew up, and, “PU-CHI”, the blood started spraying out like a fountain.

“AHH!” Zhang Ke cried out bitterly.

“A sniper rifle bullet!”

Gao Feng looked at Zhang Ke’s broken shoulder spraying out fresh blood. Some of the blood even sprayed onto Gao Feng, which caused Gao Feng’s eyes to turn red. He howled: “Enemy attack!”.

“Which bastard!” Wei Tie and Wei Qing also yelled angrily.

While they yelled out of rage, virtually all the members of the fire hammer squad started moving around quickly. There’s no one who would dare to stand in the same location while being aimed at by a sniper. Gao Feng was only able to dodge the bullet because, by chance, his dagger made his body sway.

“PENG!” “PENG!” “PENG!” “PENG!”

Four more gunshots!

“That way!” Gao Feng, Luo Feng, and the others all looked towards the gunshots’ source with red eyes.

On the rooftop far away, the shadows swayed and disappeared.

“It’s the tiger fang squad!” Gao Feng clenched his teeth, “TIGER FANG!!!”.

Luo Feng wasn’t able to see them at all….. the distance was too great and the tiger fang squad vanished instantly. Clearly, your eyesight would need to be amazing to see them clearly! A fighter’s sight and hearing improves along with their body fitness level. Within the six members of the fire hammer squad, captain Gao Feng’s body fitness level neared ‘intermediate level warlord’.

So only he was able to see them clearly.

“The tiger fang squad? The tiger fang squad that Zhang Ze Hu is in?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to feel his rage come up. Of course, he checked before and discovered the news about Zhang Ze Hu being in the tiger fang squad, “he actually wants to kill me?”.

Ice cold!

Luo Feng truly felt for himself that fighters don’t live in harmony with each other!

“Zhang Ke!”

“Old Zhang!”

A couple of them went over, and Luo Feng rushed towards Zhang Ke’s side too. Zhang Ke laid on the ground with a pale face. His right shoulder was completely shattered by the armor piercing bullet, and his right arm was blown off a while ago. Even his battle uniform was ripped up. The power of this bullet was just too great. Zhang ke’s face was completely pale while Chen Gu hurriedly tried to stop the blood.

“It’s me, Zhang Ke, you took this shot for me!” said Gao Feng as he clutched his ear.

“Brother Zhang” Luo Feng’s fists were both clenched and his eyes were crimson red.

It was brother Zhang and brother Chen that brought him into the fire hammer squad.

“Not good!” Gao Feng’s face changed completely, “Run now!”

The tiger fang squad shot out a total of six bullets just now. Two of them were for Luo Feng and Gao Feng, while the other four were for the surrounding monsters. At this moment, the monsters were already starting to angrily howl, and everyone in the fire hammer squad immediately understood why the tiger fang squad shot those extra four bullets.

“So sinister”

“They want to kill all of us”

“Hurry and run”

Wei Qing put Zhang Ke, who lost too much blood, on his back, and the group started sprinting.

“RUMBLE~~” a large amount of iron fur boars appeared on the street ahead. Each of the iron fur boars were gigantic, and a couple hundred of them were rushing towards the fire hammer squad. It seemed like an earthquake was going on when the boars were rushing together. All the faces of the members of the fire hammer squad lost their color, and right when they tried to change direction, another gigantic rumbling sound came from the other side.

An even more alarming amount of monsters were rushing towards them. Not only were there horned boars in this horde, but also lion mastiff monsters. All of the monsters added up exceeded 1000.

“Big trouble”

All the members of the fire hammer squad were pale!

“Get over the wall!” commanded Gao Feng.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The fire hammer squad speedily rushed over the broken wall. The four sniper rifle bullets enraged the monsters greatly. The monsters only knew….. that only humans could have such a horrifyingly sinister assassination weapon! When they saw the humans rush over the wall, all of them were practically united–

“RUMBLE~~” the horned boars lowered their heads and rammed into the wall. The wall that has been exposed to decades of wind and sun shattered instantly and over a thousand tightly packed monsters rushed over it.

The fire hammer squad looked back and couldn’t help but to have their faces change again.

“Brothers, this time it’s everyone for themselves. Run, if one can survive, then at least that’s one. If we stay together, all of us will die for sure!” yelled Gao Feng, whose eyes were still red, as they ran, “this son of a bitch tiger fang squad, if I, Gao Feng, live through this, I’ll definitely make them pay for this with their blood!!!”

“Everyone, spread out and escape!” Wei Tie and Wei Qing were also clenching their teeth.

Against over a thousand monsters, even an advanced warrior would have trouble escaping.

“The tiger fang squad, Zhang Ze Hu!” Luo Feng felt in his heart that they probably did this because he made Zhang Ze Hu lose one hundred million that time, “The tiger fang squad wouldn’t just attack for no reason would they? Could it be because of me….. because of me, brother Zhang ended up like that?”

Guilt rushed out of Luo feng’s heart, but also his intent to kill!!! “Zhang Ze Hu! Tiger fang squad!” both of Luo Feng’s eyes were crimson red.

“Captain, brother Chen” yelled Luo Feng.

This yell caused captain Gao Feng, the Wei Jia brothers, and Chen Gu to look at Luo Feng in shock. Luo Feng clenched his teeth as he yelled, “Follow me! Everyone can escape alive!!!”. With a “HU” sound, all of the throwing knives on Luo Feng’s thigh started hovering up and encircled Luo Feng one by one.


Chapter 50: Bleeding Throwing Knife

Originally, they were basically guaranteed to die. Splitting up and running away was their last string of hope. However, Gao Feng, the Wei Jia brothers, Chen Gu, and Zhang Ke now watched the six throwing knives hovering around Luo Feng’s body. Each and every one of them were dumbfounded. Chen Gu even abruptly blinked twice to make sure he was seeing this right….. these throwing knives were indeed floating without being attached to anything!

“Spirit reader!”

“Telekinesis!”

“Luo Feng is a spirit reader?”

All of these thoughts appeared in the minds of Gao Feng and the others. All of them became flustered with their faces completely red. Gao Feng then shouted out: “Listen to Luo Feng, follow him!”

“RUMBLE~~~” the enraged horde of monsters came sprinting at them, causing the ruined concrete ground to split open. The rumbling caused the ruined buildings on the side to crumble. There’s an old saying: Ten thousand horses galloping*. However, each and every one of these monsters are hundreds of times stronger and larger than a war horse. A thousand of them running is even scarier than ten thousand horses running.

*TL note: original phrase: fRv

“To the left!” yelled Luo Feng.

The other members of the fire hammer squad immediately followed Luo Feng, ferociously turning to the left. Wei Qing was still carrying Zhang Ke who had lost too much blood.

“ROAR~””HOWL~”……

The stench of the monsters slowly emanated. Since they ran towards the left instead of running away, Luo Feng and his group ran into the monsters chasing them. Their stench was virtually stuck in their noses. At this time, Luo Feng clenched his teeth, and with a cold gaze, the six throwing knives encircling him in a 10 meter radius instantly moved!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The six throwing knives instantly caused a mirage. “PUCHI!” A throwing knife directly went through the head of one of the lion mastiff monsters that was running at them. Some of its cerebrospinal fluid came out with the throwing knife. The throwing knives, under the control of spiritual force, continued to go through more and more monsters’ skulls with amazing speed!

Six throwing knives! In a blink of an eye, the 30 or so nearest monsters were killed!

Fresh blood and cerebrospinal juice flew out.

“HOWL~~”

“RUMBLE~~” under the howling of the monsters, the 30 or so monsters that were chasing after the fire hammer squad all fell while they were sprinting. When they fell, they ended up sliding around ten meters against the ground. Behind the fire hammer squad that was running away were large amounts of monsters’ corpses.

Gao Feng, Chen Gu, the Wei Jia brothers, and even the pale Zhang Ke were all stunned.

They knew that spirit readers were strong, but….. this is just too absurd!

The six throwing knives became flowing mirages one by one. The throwing knives go through the skull of any monster that enters a 20 meter radius within them. This precise control is also very frightening!

“I’m using up my spiritual force too quickly like this”. Luo Feng was also shocked. Every time a throwing knife goes through a monster’s head, he uses up quite a bit of energy. The skulls of these monsters are much harder than regular stones. Now that he killed around 50 monsters in one breath, a large amount of spiritual force was used up.

Chen Gu, who was behind Luo Feng, yelled out of disbelief: “DAMN, this spirit reader is too insane. Even if there’s a thousand monsters, he could probably kill them all!”

“Stop wasting your breath. In this kind of situation, more and more monsters get attracted as time goes on! Right now there’s around a thousand, but soon there’ll be five thousand monsters coming for us. After even more time, there could even be ten thousand monsters coming after us. There’ll even be quite a bit of commander level monsters in there too! How do you think the spirit reader will kill those? You think that a spirit reader doesn’t need to expend spiritual force to kill monsters?” laughed Gao Feng as he snapped.

The fire hammer squad actually had the mood to chat while being chased by a horde of monsters.

One could imagine….. that Gao Feng, Chen Gu, and the others weren’t under much pressure anymore, since all the monsters that approached were killed by the dancing throwing knives.

“Go over the wall” commanded Luo Feng.

The sprinting fire hammer squad reached the wall in front, and each of them jumped over it one by one. Even though quite a bit of monsters died, the rest of the enraged monsters didn’t fear death and kept charging. However, every monster that approached the territory of Luo Feng’s throwing knives had their head pierced!

Know that–

Luo Feng’s current body fitness level barely reaches the borders of an ‘advanced warrior level’. Since spiritual force raises your level by two stages, then he currently barely reaches the ‘intermediate warlord level’ with his spiritual force. Spirit readers are the most terrifying existences within fighters: they can easily and completely destroy an existence of the same level!

With his telekinesis, Luo Feng can stab monsters to death with his throwing knives from a far distance!

However, for the knives to reach maximum power, the current Luo Feng can only use two throwing knives! As the number of throwing knives increase, the weaker each of them will be. Indeed, Luo Feng could technically use over a hundred throwing knives. However, not only will they be weak, but even their accuracy cannot be guaranteed.

With six throwing knives, Luo Feng can guarantee that each of them can deal with a ‘low level commander’, and their accuracy can be guaranteed too.

With two throwing knives, Luo Feng can guarantee that at their max power, they can deal with a ‘medium level commander’.

“RUMBLE~~” the fearless monsters smashed the wall.

PUCHI! PUCHI!

The monsters that got closer to the sprinting fire hammer squad were all killed. Their fresh blood and cerebrospinal fluid flew out and their corpses caused disorder in the horde behind them. The fire hammer squad was able to shake off quite a bit of monsters as they turned into the far away alley.

By this time, the tiger fang squad has already ran far away. With the fire hammer squad attracting most of the monsters, there were barely any monsters in their surroundings. Thanks to that, they were able to move across a great distance without much trouble. As they entered a new area with many monsters, the tiger fang squad slowed down and, once again, started moving cautiously.

“What happened just now, not even one of them died?” asked the tiger fang squad’s captain as he frowned.

“Captain, I fired at the captain of the fire hammer squad, Gao Feng. However, Gao Feng just so happened to be dissecting a corpse, and just so happened to use his dagger in a way that shook his body. With that, the bullet just barely missed him and injured another member of the fire hammer squad instead. That member’s arm was instantly blasted off, but I’m not sure if he’s alive or dead” said Xiao, who had a skinny figure.

“That Gao Feng got lucky”

Zhang Ze Hu frowned as he looked at the other person, “Dong Zi, I asked you to kill Luo Feng, how come he didn’t die?”

With the great distance and the speed of the bullet, only the person using the sniper rifle with their laser aimer device could clearly see what happened in that instant.

“That Luo Feng…..” the sniper named ‘Dong Zi’ hesitated, and then said, “he also got lucky. As I fired, he just so happened to be skinning a monster, and just so happened to swing his blade against my armor piercing bullet”. Dong could only say this, because he didn’t think Luo Feng’s reaction speed was quick enough to cut through the armor piercing bullet.

So the only explanation was luck!

Since you would need an absurd control over your blade and amazing sight to be able to cut through an armor piercing bullet.

“Fuck, this Luo Feng also has some bullshit luck”. Zhang Ze Hu couldn’t help but to curse.

“However, don’t worry”. laughed the sniper ‘Dong Zi’, “we fired four shots at the monster hordes before and the only humans they could find are the members of the ‘fire hammer squad’. Over a thousand monsters have them surrounded. No matter how great the fire hammer squad is, they’re doomed for sure!”

“No!”

The captain of the tiger fang squad shook his head, “Not absolutely. If the fire hammer squad split up and ran, one or two of them could survive!” as he said that, the tiger fang squad let out a smile, “Of course, one or two of them have absolutely no threat to our tiger fang squad”.

“Captain, maybe they could coincidentally meet a wargod level existence that could save them” laughed the one eyed middle aged man.

“In this city, and in such a small amount of time, to meet a wargod….. and to even convince him to help them. The chance of this is even lower than winning the lottery” grinned the tiger fang squad’s captain as he laughed, “Alright, let’s go guys. That old thing is still moving, so we should get there as fast as possible”.

“Yes”.

The tiger fang squad moved forward.

Luo Feng and the others rushed to the rooftop of a regular six story residential apartment.

“KA!” the door to the staircase connected to the rooftop was directly sealed shut.

“Quick, let old Zhang lie down” said Chen Gu.

“Get the medicine” said Gao Feng hurriedly.

With Zhang Ke’s injury, he could die just by blood loss. Thankfully they stopped the blood earlier. However, such a large injury would need some basic treatment first….. since this #0201 country level city is a three day walk away from the military resupplying base.

And rushing on the road for three days? With Zhang Ke’s current condition, there’s no way he’d be able to handle that.

“Old Zhang, keep that in your mouth and replenish some energy” Chen Gu took out a pill and put it in Zhang Ke’s mouth.

“Wei Tie, seriously treat Zhang Ke’s wound” commanded Gao Feng.

As the fire hammer squad continued to treat Zhang Ke, the pale faced Zhang Ke was able to get the energy he needed in time. As treatment went on, the members of the fire hammer squad started to loosen up.

“Phew” Luo Feng secretly let out a sigh of relief. As he looked at the pale brother Zhang, and especially at the spot of his nonexistent right arm and half of a shoulder, he felt immensely guilty, “Zhang Ke can’t use a spear in the future anymore and his career as a fighter is over!”. Luo Feng felt that there was an 80-90% chance that the tiger fang squad did this because of him.

As he looked at brother Zhang, he felt extremely guilty.

“Tiger fang squad! Zhang Ze Hu!” Luo Feng’s heart was burning, “I, Luo Feng, swear that I’ll take an eye for an eye and let you know the taste of being destroyed!!!”.

“Tiger fang squad, these pieces of trash, want to destroy our entire fire hammer squad huh” Chen Gu couldn’t help but to curse.

“Fucking tiger fang squad, we must have our revenge!” Wei Tie also roared.

“These bastards, I, Gao Feng, will make them regret it” said Gao Feng as he clenched both of his fists, and then looked at Luo Feng, “Thankfully, Luo Feng was with us this time so we were able to…… Oh yea, Luo Feng, how come you can move objects without touching them?”.

Suddenly, all the other members of the fire hammer squad, including the heavily wounded Zhang Ke that was lying on the floor, looked at Luo Feng.


Chapter 51: Rest

Luo Feng knew that he revealed the secret of him being a spirit reader when he used his throwing knives to save everybody!

“Everybody probably already guessed it and yet they still look at me with such a face on purpose. Alright, I’ll admit it…..” Luo Feng let out a helpless smile, “I’m a spirit reader!”

“Haha” laughed Chen Gu loudly, “Luo Feng, I knew I didn’t misjudge you”

Wei Qing and Wei Tie also let out smiles.

“A spirit reader… a spirit reader has also appeared in our fire hammer squad” laughed Gao Feng as he nodded, “I know that if the tiger fang squad knew that Luo Feng was this powerful, they wouldn’t have pulled this sly trick. If they knew…… that they made an enemy out of a spirit reader, they’d certainly regret it!”

“They would regret it for life” chuckled Wei Tie.

Zhang Ke, who was lying off to the side, couldn’t help but to say: “The most powerful members of the trashes in the tiger fang squad are just those two intermediate level warlords! With Luo Feng’s current fitness level, he barely reaches the ‘advanced warrior level’. According to the rules, a spirit reader is two levels above his fitness level, so he should be stepping into the ‘intermediate warlord level’. However….. an intermediate warlord level spirit reader would decimate an existence of the same level, so they can fight a fighter a level above them!”

All fighters understood the terror of a spirit reader!

On the same level, they would certainly destroy any other fighter!

No matter how good your blade technique, shielding technique, or body techniques are, a spirit reader could attack with their controlled throwing knives from far away. The throwing knives can even instantly change direction and fly faster than the speed of sound. How can a fighter of the same level compete at all?

“Just Luo Feng alone can destroy the entire tiger fang squad!” grinned Chen Gu as he laughed, “Messing with the fire hammer squad is the most foolish thing the tiger fang squad has ever done!”.

“This time, we really got lucky” sighed Gao Feng.

Gao Feng’s fitness level barely reaches the ‘intermediate warlord level’, but in front of a horde of monsters, he was helpless. This is the difference between a regular fighter and a spirit reader!

“Brother Zhang”

Luo Feng squatted in front of Zhang Ke and said in a small voice as he looked at Zhang Ke’s pale face, “The tiger fang squad might’ve done this because of what I did to Zhang Ze Hu…… brother Zhang’s arm….. I’m sorry!”

At this time, the fire hammer squad settled down and all of them were watching Luo Feng and Zhang Ke.

“Luo Feng” Zhang Ke let out a smile, “Don’t always blame everything on yourself. This time, it’s an indisputable fact that you saved our entire squad. As for me…..” Zhang Ke lowered his head and looked at the wound in his right shoulder. His right arm had been long lost in the horde of monsters from before.

“My life as a free fighter is practically over” sighed Zhang Ke.

Gao Feng, Chen Gu, the Wei Jia brothers, and Luo Feng were all silent.

“However.” Zhang Ke let out a smile, “This is actually the best situation that I’ve predicted. I still remember when I was a kid during the Grand Nirvana period. During the Grand Nirvana Period, I witnessed for myself the large amounts of humans killed by monsters. At that time, I promised….. when I grow up, I’ll kill these monsters with my own hand and become a hero!”

“I’ve always been working hard”.

“And finally, I became a fighter, a free fighter! I entered the wilderness and fulfilled my childhood dream as I killed many monsters. I finally became a hero in the people’s eyes. My wife praised me and finally married me. My daughter also always had a powerful fighter as a father to be proud of”.

“As time passed and as I killed more and more monsters….. I slowly started to get tired of it. Every time I entered the wilderness, my wife and kids were always worrying about the possibility of my death. I also worry that I won’t be able to see them anymore. However, I didn’t have the courage to pull out” said Zhang Ke slowly, “It’s been like that for these past ten years or so, and I’ve gotten used to it”.

At this time, Luo Feng’s heart wasn’t comfortable either.

Family?

He also had a brother and parents, who all worried about him.

“This wound finally gave me a reason to pull out” smiled Zhang Ke slightly, “I’ve gotten tired of this these past ten years or so. In the future, I can use my battle records to become an instructor of a region’s Dojo of Limits. With more time on my hands, I can be with my wife and kids more! And on my back, I have you guys. To be able to have a spirit reader as a brother before quitting, haha, I guess it’s worth it”.

Luo Feng squeezed out a tiny smile.

“Brother, enjoy the relaxing, quiet life” encouraged Gao Feng, “In the future, find me for any problems you have! We’ve been together for seven, eight years, so we’re brothers to the death!”.

“Hm” smiled Zhang Ke as he nodded, “I won’t hold back at all. If I encounter any difficulties, I’ll be sure to find you guys. Especially Luo Feng. I know that spirit readers will go through a period of insane growth, so your strength will soon skyrocket. In the future, you’ll become amazing. You better not decline my requests for help!”

Asking me to help?

It was partially thanks to brother Zhang that I was able to enter the fire hammer squad. And what happened to brother Zhang was probably because of me, so how can I not help?

“Brother Zhang, your problems are my problems!” said Luo Feng.

Zhang Ke nodded, and asked out of curiosity: “Oh yea, Luo Feng. How come you hid the fact that you’re a spirit reader?”

“Mainly because I didn’t want to deal with too much trouble” laughed Luo Feng as he shook his head, “If the fact that I’m a spirit reader gets out, I probably won’t be able to live a quiet life”. He read that he should keep his spiritual force a secret on the boards in the ‘Limit Home’ after becoming a fighter.

Because once he reveals it, he’ll become a target for focused training in the Dojo of Limits. First, he’ll be sent to the world headquarters of the Dojo of Limits, and then he’ll undergo great training, and then there’ll be all sorts of great conditions……

But he’ll be unable to continue his current quiet life. Even though he ventures into the wilderness now, at least he can stay with his parents sometimes.

“Hm”

Gao Feng nodded, “Luo Feng’s thinking isn’t bad. Whether it’s the army, individual dojos, or rich families, they’ll all be going crazy over trying to obtain spirit readers. Once a new spirit reader appears, each of the powers will fight over him! The army will use all sorts of tricks, so dojos send their spirit readers outside of the country’s borders until they come to an agreement with the army. Only after that will they let the spirit reader come back”.

A spirit reader, is a trump card!

Each spirit reader has a large impact, so all of the powers fight over them. Even though they get special rights, they’ll lose the regular life of a fighter.

‘Captain, I hope everyone will help me keep this a secret” said Luo Feng.

“Yea, of course. Our fighter squad will be glad to keep this secret for you” laughed Gao Feng loudly.

Chen Gu also nodded excitedly on the side: “Yup, our fire hammer squad has a ‘spirit reader’, and other fighter squads don’t know that, hmph hmph…… We won’t appear as strong to them, so they won’t be cautious. So if someone messes with us, they’ll be in huge trouble. And it’ll be way easier to hunt monsters in the future!”

A trump card, is only a trump card if you hide it!

Once you reveal it, it won’t have the same effect anymore.

Wei Tie couldn’t help but to say, “Yea, and when the captain is fighting with a monster head on, Luo Feng can use his throwing knives for a sneak attack. One hit one kill”.

Wei Qing followed up on the side: “Yea, Luo Feng can use his blade to attack, causing the monsters to think he mainly attacks with his blade. After that, Luo Feng can secretly use his throwing knives and surprise them! Surely the monster wouldn’t even have time to cry!”. A spirit reader in a squad can instantly raise the entire squad’s strength by a factor of 10!

The members of the fire hammer squad were all excitedly discussing about Luo Feng’s potential in the squad.

Clearly, a spirit reader greatly benefits the fire hammer squad.

After a while, the members of the fire hammer squad all began to rest. The sky also slowly became dark and filled with stars.

Under the starry sky, Luo Feng quietly sat on the edge of the rooftop, thinking about the battle they had: “Today, I can’t believe I managed to pull off the first stage of theNine Stage Thunder Blade on the armor piercing bullet”. When he thought of this, Luo Feng couldn’t help but to stand up and take out his ghost blade.

“HU!”

With one step, the core of the body, ‘the waist’, practically has to instantly explode with force. But at the same time, the waist has to naturally send out another wave of force when the power from the muscles reaches the wrist. These two forces connect and reach the wrist together.

“PUCHI!”

The ghost blade drew a cold light across the vast sky.

“Indeed, I can exert another force. With these two forces combined, 70 + 70, which is 140% of the strength” Luo Feng also felt it. His body can’t release anymore force after the first stage.

However, this was already pretty good.

It’s pretty hard to learn the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, but he was able to naturally enter the first stage on the border of life and death. It seems that there’s still hope to keep climbing up in the future.

Suddenly-

“AO WU~~”

An enraged sound of a howling wolf carried from somewhere below. The members of the fire hammer squad, that were resting under the starry sky, all woke up from shock.

“It’s the howl of a wolf!” said Gao Feng seriously.

“I can’t believe there’re wolf type monsters” Chen Gu took a deep breath. Every single wolf type monster was powerful.

Wolf type?

Luo Feng was also shocked. There were very few wolf type monsters before the Grand Nirvana period, and their cruelty is unrivaled. After the Grand Nirvana period, who knows how much more savage and cruel the wolf type monsters have become. Their strength is also still unrivaled.

Luo Feng took his binoculars and looked towards the sound of the wolf’s howl at the edge of the rooftop.


Chapter 52: Silver Moon Wolf

With the help of the built-in night vision function of the binoculars, he quickly found that there was a large wolf on a street two miles away from him. The wolf was around three meters high and five or six meters long. All the fur on its body was gray, but there were some white hairs hidden on its head.

Even with the large distance separating them, Luo Feng could still feel the aura the cruel wolf was emitting.

“This is…..” Luo Feng compared the wolf with the data of monsters in his head.

“It’s the hunter, ‘Silver Moon Wolf’” exclaimed Chen Gu out of surprise, “I can’t believe it’s the king of the wolvesDDSilver Moon Wolf”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to be startled.

Yes, this is a silver moon wolf!

As king of the wolves, even the weakest adult silver moon wolf is at least a ‘medium level commander’. The fur of commander level silver moon wolves are usually gray, but when they start fighting, all of the fur becomes a silver color! And the white hairs on their forehead occasionally change into the color of blood!

It’s known for its sinister tricks and murderous madness! And its fur has an astronomical price in society. The skullcap of the silver moon wolf, which has unrivaled hardness and numerous functions, is also extremely high-priced.

“This is a high level commander level silver moon wolf”. Luo Feng used the body size and color of the fur to make his judgment and couldn’t help but to take in a breath, “A high level commander! And it’s a silver moon wolf!”. Not all high level commanders are the same. For example, is a spirit reader and a fighter the same just because they have the same rank?

Silver moon wolves are born with extreme cruelty.

“Look, it’s abdomen is injured, and pretty badly” said Wei Tie quietly.

Suddenly, all the people at the scene turned their heads towards captain Gao Feng.

“Captain, this is the king of wolvesDDSilver moon wolf! A high level commander! This one silver moon wolf is worth more than ten high level commander level ‘Lion Mastiff’ monsters! We’ll make tons of money off of this”. Chen Gu couldn’t help but to say excitedly, “Captain, hurry and make your decision”.

Wei Tie also couldn’t contain himself on the side: “Captain, this silver moon wolf is moving forward at a very quick pace; it’ll soon leave our field of vision. We can’t delay anymore”.

“Even if the silver moon wolf is injured, it’s not something we can deal with” said Gao Feng quietly, “Clear your minds up, don’t let money control you”.

A heavily injured high level commander is extremely rare.

And needless to say, meeting a heavily injured king of wolves, ‘silver moon wolf’, is like winning the lottery! If a high level commander level ‘silver moon wolf’ wasn’t injured, even an advanced warlord wouldn’t be an opponent.

“Captain, I’ll try” said Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng…..” Gao Feng hesitated, “are you confident??”.

“I’m not too confident in killing the silver moon wolf, since I never killed one before….. But I’m a hundred percent sure I can escape” laughed Luo Feng. People are most jealous of a spirit reader’s capability toDDFly! Spiritual force can be used on inorganic material.

Luo Feng can instantly use his spiritual force on his alloyed battle boots, letting him jump up to amazing heights.

After that, he can put his shield under his feet and stand!

With his spiritual force, he can control the shield, so naturally Luo Feng himself can fly.

Flying….. this is the capability people are most jealous of. Even a powerful wargod level fighter can’t help but to be jealous. This is also another reason why all the major powers are fighting over spirit readers.

“Okay, Luo Feng, be careful. If you can do it, then do it. If you can’t, then don’t force yourself. Safety is the most important” said Gao Feng as he entrusted the task to Luo Feng.

“Relax” laughed Luo Feng.

With his ghost blade and shield in hand, Luo Feng directly jumped off the rooftop of the six story residential apartment. Hu! Luo Feng started descending rapidly. A regular advanced warrior would be able to withstand the impact from jumping off a six story building, but Luo Feng didn’t have to do anything that foolish.

The powerful, shapeless energy was used on the alloyed battle boots below his feet, and Luo Feng’s speed decreased rapidly.

He softly landed on the ground of the small sector below.

Luo Feng directly sprinted at an amazing speed. As nimble as a monkey, Luo Feng arrived on the street with two jumps.

The rest of the fire hammer squad watched closely with their binoculars on the rooftop.

“So this is Luo Feng’s true strength” Wei Tie couldn’t help but to express himself, “No wonder spirit readers are the most feared bunch out of fighters. This is just too scary. With their spiritual force, their speed, agility, etc. can all reach unbelievable levels. And there’s also telekinesis, which is even more messed up!”

“It’s messed up” Chen Gu couldn’t help but to nod.

“Haha, so you should all be happy” Gao Feng slightly smiled, “A spirit reader joined our fire hammer squad just like that”.

When they heard this, the others suddenly laughed.

“Captain, guys, do you think Luo Feng can kill that silver moon wolf?” laughed Zhang Ke as he laid on the ground.

“Hard to say” hesitated Gao Feng, “A high level commander level monster. And Luo Feng just barely qualifies as an ‘intermediate warlord’ as a spirit reader. There’s still hope if he was dealing with a weaker high level commander, but against the king of the wolves….. Thankfully this hunter ‘silver moon wolf’ is already injured. Luo Feng has a bit of hope”.

“There’s still hope!” the group held their binoculars as they watched Luo Feng run.

Like a flash of black lightning, Luo Feng raced on the street.

“This silver moon wolf sure runs quickly”. Luo Feng took a shortcut, thinking that he could stop the silver moon wolf. Who would’ve thought that there was still a mile between them, “Hm, it’s turning left?”.

Luo Feng suddenly turned left and ferociously jumped over a wall into an abandoned residential sector. He continued taking the shortcut as he chased the silver moon wolf.

“Howl~~”

Two relaxing, lying lion mastiff monsters saw the human Luo Feng, and stood up suddenly in response. They gave off a low howl. The ground rumbled as they started charging, but Luo Feng didn’t alter his course at all as he sprinted. He was also too lazy to dodge.

“PUCHI!” “PUCHI!”

Two throwing knives automatically left Luo Feng’s thigh and formed two flashes of light. With such a short distance, the two lion mastiffs had no time to dodge and had their heads pierced.

The eyes of the two lion mastiffs were filled with shock as they quickly lost their life. “RUMBLE~~” They directly fell on the ground, which caused a short tremor. Without any blood stuck to them, the two throwing knives formed a line and flew back to Luo Feng’s thigh.

Luo Feng quietly jumped into a neighboring alley. With a glance, he saw the silver moon wolf that was at the end of an alley around a hundred meters away.

“WOO~~” the cruel silver moon wolf stopped and stared at the human not too far away.

“A silver moon wolf, a heavily wounded silver moon wolf”. Luo Feng’s eyes flashed, and a smile appeared on his face, “Alright, with you, we’ll see how strong I am right now!” as he said that, Luo Feng approached the silver moon wolf one step at a time.

The silver moon wolf silently stood in place.

The eyes of the silver moon wolf that was almost three meters tall, flashed. At the same time, a weird energy flowed through the fur on its body, instantly turning into the color of silver! The silver moon wolf became dazzling! Even the white fur on its forehead became the color of blood!

A silver colored body and a blood red crown.

This is the silver moon wolf!

Luo Feng moved forward one step at a time and became cautious. When he shortened the distance between himself and the silver moon wolf to 50 meters…

“WHOOSH!” the silver moon wolf instantly became a white flash of light and was in front of him in a blink of an eye!

“Speed of sound!”

With Luo Feng’s reaction speed that had been tested frequently at the dojo, he determined….. this silver moon wolf’s speed nears the speed of sound!

Luo Feng’s face changed greatly and he instantly jumped up like lightning. The silver moon wolf, at practically the exact same time, also jumped up. This jump was just 20 to 30 meters high. Luo Feng could even see the blurred face of the silver moon wolf under the speed of sound, with its hidden cold, blood red eyes.

The powerful spiritual force was ferociously used on the alloyed battle boots on his feet, causing Luo Feng to go even higher and dodging the attack from the silver moon wolf.

“So what if your speed reaches the speed of sound. Can you go faster than my throwing knives?” as he dodged the silver moon wolf, Luo Feng pulled out the six throwing knives on his thigh. The six throwing knives instantly became six flowing lights and, like a net, charged towards the silver moon wolf.

Having traveled the wilderness for all these years, the silver moon wolf was also extremely intelligent.

With its speed, the human fighter in the air shouldn’t have been able to dodge its attack. Only one type of person could change directions and speed at will in the airDDSpirit readers! When the silver moon wolf realized that the human fighter in front of him was a spirit reader, it couldn’t help but to be shocked.

But by that time, the six throwing knives, like lightning, already arrived!

“WOO~” the silver moon wolf gave out a loud, piercing roar. It couldn’t change direction or speed in the air; it could only fiercely twist its body and use its claws to hit the throwing knives away.

With such a short distance, Luo Feng’s reaction speed isn’t fast enough for him to make the throwing knives avoid the claws.

PENG! PENG!

Two of the six throwing knives were actually hit, but Luo Feng, who was still in the air, let out a smile. Even though he let out six throwing knives…… as of now, he can only guarantee that two throwing knives can reach their full power. So the six throwing knives were just there to confuse the silver moon wolf.

Only two of these throwing knives are truly dangerous.

“Hunter, you’re the first commander level monster to die at my hands” laughed Luo Feng. Suddenly, two of the four originally agile throwing knives lost their power, and the other two charged towards the silver moon wolf’s abdomen like lightning! The silver moon wolf was helpless in midair, even though it howled as it tried to use its claws to block the attack.

However –

PUCHI! PUCHI!

The two throwing knives pierced through the previous wound, directly piercing into the body of the silver moon wolf. The internal organs of the silver moon wolf were sliced up into pieces, and the enraged silver moon wolf gave its last howl as it fell down!


Chapter 53: Dissection

The silver moon wolf fell powerlessly from the air, and its eyes slowly lost their color. As it died, it thought about the memories of its life. As a silver moon wolf, the king of the wolves, it had been hoping to become a horde leader ever since it was little. It was always doing well, and it was only one step away from becoming a horde leader!

However…..

It was ambushed by a wargod level fighter squad and was heavily injured. Thankfully, it was able to rely on the speed it was so proud of to escape. However, as it was escaping, it encountered a warlord level fighter squad. If it wasn’t injured, it would’ve been able to easily deciminate them!

But, it was heavily injured.

And this warlord fighter squad continued to haunt it, chasing after it every time. No matter where it ran, that squad was always chasing it.

“Those sickening human bastards!”

“At least dying to the hands of a spirit reader is better than dying to those bastards”. The silver moon wolf was extremely intelligent. It was a high level commander level king of the wolves that could rival horde leader level monsters in intellect. And horde leader level monsters are usually as intelligent as humans.

If it’s going to die, it has to die to someone powerful.

“PENG!”

The large body of the silver moon wolf came crashing down, causing the surrounding walls to wobble and then fall. Luo Feng quickly descended after it.

“Huff, huff, I can’t believe that I was able to kill a silver moon wolf”. Luo Feng stood beside the corpse of the silver moon wolf and let out a long sigh. After that, the four throwing knives that were dancing around Luo Feng returned to his thigh, “Hm? There should be two more throwing knives”. Luo Feng scanned the area.

With a glance, he saw two pits on the concrete floor ahead. The concrete floor split open from the shaking, and the two 6th series throwing knives were precisely in these two pits!

After this scene, Luo Feng couldn’t help but to take in a deep breath.

The silver moon wolf’s speed and power were both unbelievably great.

“Just in case another squad finds out, I’ll dissect this body first. This one silver moon wolf could cost as much as a city” Luo Feng thought no further and immediately started dissecting with his throwing knife in hand. His ghost blade is a 5th series one, which is able to fight with medium level commanders.

His throwing knives were 6th series, and could fight against high level commanders!

Luo Feng ferociously slashed towards the silver moon wolf’s wounded, split abdomen with his throwing knife.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng stared. The fur had long been split open, and yet his full force wasn’t even able to cut open half of it. Isn’t this too amazing. It’s extremely difficult dissecting a monster that isn’t wounded, but once they have a large wound, it becomes much easier. Sadly….. Luo Feng’s strength isn’t enough to dissect a high level commander’s corpse!

“Fuck, looks like even dissecting this monster is difficult” laughed Luo Feng. He then immediately used his spiritual force on one of the throwing knives.

The power of his spiritual force was way stronger than the strength of his arm.

“PUCHI!” the floating knife sliced along the split fur. A “CHI” “CHI” sound rang as the wound slowly expanded.

“It’s still so tiring even when I’m using my spiritual force to control my knife?” Luo Feng was surprised. With a beat of his heart, the controlled throwing knife fiercely pierced towards a fine patch of fur. The back of the silver moon wolf was a bit bent, but the fur showed no signs of injury.

Luo Feng was startled: “That’s just crazy”.

“This time I seriously had some bullshit luck” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to gasp, “Its speed approached the speed of light and it was so powerful. Even the defense of its expensive fur is astonishingly high. If it was in perfect condition, I’ll probably only have a 20 to 30 percent chance of victory!”. If Luo Feng fought with it at its peak condition, then his throwing knives can only attack the eyes, ears, nose, and weak parts of the fur.

However, with the silver moon wolf’s agility, Luo Feng’s chance of victory was indeed very low; to have a 20 to 30 percent chance of victory is already pretty good.

“HUA-LA!”

“HUA-LA!”

Luo Feng swiftly dissected. First, he skinned the mysterious and expensive fur off, and then cut off the silver moon wolf’s tough claws. These claws are used as material in making high grade ke-luo alloys, so they are just as expensive. There’s also the silver moon wolf’s extremely tough skullcap, fangs, and its special two eyes.

If it was worth something, Luo Feng dissected it and put it into his bag.

Many of the special inventions that humans have made are based off of material from various monsters.

“Got them all”

Luo Feng took in a deep long breath. Only a pile of flesh was left of the silver moon wolf’s large corpse. Luo Feng moved his throwing knives back to his thigh and sighed. He used up lots of spiritual force fighting this silver moon wolf, but he used ten times that in dissecting the corpse!

“No matter what, it’s a big haul”

“This time, I can get quite a bit of money too” Luo Feng let out a smile. The fire hammer squad splits the money according to each members’ contribution in battle. Even if you’re strong, if you don’t help with hunting a monster, the fighter squad naturally won’t give you any money.

And Luo Feng killed this silver moon wolf alone.

So Luo Feng will indeed receive lots of money.

“If someone found me next to this silver moon wolf’s corpse, I’ll be in trouble” laughed Luo Feng, “Even an advanced warlord probably wouldn’t be able to heavily injure the silver moon wolf. It was probably a wargod level fighter. And there was even a tracking signal on the fur, good thing I got rid of it”. Luo Feng didn’t want to make an enemy out of a fighter who was able to heavily wound the silver moon wolf.

So, run!

Luo Feng swiftly left, and only a pile of flesh was left.

Under the dark night, the tiger fang squad carefully moved forward in the monster’s territory in the city.

“Fucks sake, that hunter keeps sprinting around in this country level city. Since it’s a commander level monster, the other monsters are too afraid to anger it. However, we can only move forward slowly……” cursed a burly, bald man who was walking next to Zhang Ze Hu, “After we kill this hunter, I’ll be sure to grill its meat and eat it. If I don’t eat it, I won’t be able to get rid of my anger”.

Zhang Ze Hu grinned and laughed on the side: “Don’t worry, our tracking signal is on that hunter. It doesn’t matter where it runs to”.

“Where’s the hunter?” asked the captain of the tiger fang squad in a small voice.

“Captain, the hunter is around 13 miles away from us, but it isn’t moving anymore. Maybe it’s resting there” laughed ‘Dong Zi’, the heated weapons user, as he held his tracking machine.

At this time, the members of the tiger fang squad cheered.

“It’s not moving?”

“Resting? Haha”.

They were afraid that the hunter ‘silver moon wolf’ would flee. Zhang Ze Hu laughed: “It appears that the silver moon wolf thinks it’s hiding in a safe spot and is getting ready to recover. Too bad it doesn’t know our power”.

“Go! We can’t miss this chance, it’s only 13 miles away from here, so we’ll get there quickly” the eyes of the captain of the tiger fang squad flashed as he said softly, “Everyone speed up. Maybe we’ll be able to kill the hunter this time”.

The tiger fang squad started moving forward at a much greater speed.

Even if monsters are all around the city, a fighter squad would be able to move 13 miles in about half an hour if they rush.

Around forty minutes later.

“Ahead is the resting spot of the silver moon wolf, everybody be careful” the captain of the tiger fang squad slightly waved his hand and the six members of the tiger fang squad immediately split into two groups and moved around the target from different directions. They slowly surrounded the spot where the tracking machine displayed. Nobody dared to speak a word.

A silver moon wolf is very sensitive.

One step, two steps, three steps……

Everybody was moving extremely carefully.

“GO!” the tiger fang captain waved his hand and the other squad that received the signal moved at the same time.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The two squads rushed into the alley from the two directions, one in front and one behind. They were around 100 meters away from the spot. The six members looked towards the spot, where the silver moon wolf should be. However, they didn’t see their target, only….. the slight scent of blood in the air.

“Hm?” the tiger fang captain’s face changed.

“Not good!”

Virtually all the members of the tiger fang squad rushed over, over to the pile of flesh. Next to the pile of flesh were a few silver hairs!

“Damn it” cursed Zhang Ze Hu as he grabbed his hair, “someone stole it!”

Luo Feng knew that fighter squads leave tracking signals on heavily injured monsters. Since the silver moon wolf was heavily injured, there was an extremely high chance of a tracking signal being on it. So he quickly scanned it with his spiritual force and found something on its fur, and directly cut it off.

“Bastard!” the tiger fang captain clenched his teeth with a grim face.

“All this time for nothing!” the face of the one eyed middle aged man sank.

“Go” a cold light flashed in the eyes of the tiger fang captain as he commanded, “Dare to steal food from a tiger. They’re asking for death by stealing our things! That fighter squad just dissected the body and would probably rush back to the resupplying base just to be safe! So….. brothers of the tiger fang squad, let’s rush back towards the resupplying base as fast as possible! We’ll steal it back from them when we catch up to them”.

“Yes, captain” the five members immediately obeyed.

“Depart” the tiger fang captain murderously waved his hand, and the other members of the tiger fang squad, who were just as mad, immediately followed their captain towards the resupplying base.


Chapter 54: Resupplying Base

Starry night.

Under the starry sky, a shadow, as if black lightning, rushed forward in the ruined country level city. Sometimes it’ll run along the street, and sometimes it has to jump through a residential sector….. in mere moments, it reached the six story residential apartment where the members of the fire hammer squad resided.

“Luo Feng’s here”.

“Yup, seems like he isn’t injured”.

The members of the fire hammer squad watched Luo Feng enter the residential apartment’s staircase through their binoculars. Luo Feng arrived on the rooftop moments later.

“Captain, brother Chen” Luo Feng laughed as he yelled.

“No injuries, hm, not bad. So, how’d it go? Were you able to kill the silver moon wolf?” No matter how calm captain Gao Feng was, he just wasn’t able to hold back from asking this question. Chen Gu, the Wei Jia brothers, and even Zhang Ke, who was still lying on the floor, looked at Luo Feng expectantly. Chen Gu even joyfully said: “It looks like Luo Feng’s backpack has gotten bigger”.

Luo Feng laughed: “Brother Chen, your eyes sure are poisonous. Yea, I just killed the silver moon wolf! I dissected it and put the stuff in my bag”.

“You really killed it?” the eyes of the members of the fire hammer squad widened in surprise.

A silver moon wolf!

The king of the wolves! Regular wolf type monsters were already rare in the first place.

“I got lucky this time too” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to say, “I’m afraid that the speed of this silver moon wolf reached the speed of sound! Its attack power was also absurd, and its fur was horrifyingly tough. If it wasn’t for the fact that it was heavily injured in the first place and had a large wound on its abdomen, it would’ve been very difficult for me to kill it!”.

“Its speed approached the speed of sound?” glared Chen Gu.

“That’s absurd. Just what you’d expect from the king of the wolves, it can equal a low level pig type horde leader” said Wei Tie out of surprise.

“Not good” Gao Feng’s face changed dramatically.

Luo Feng was shocked by the captain.

“Captain, what’s wrong? What happened?” followed Luo Feng.

“The silver moon wolf was already heavily injured, so I’m sure that it fought with some human fighter squad in the past” said Gao Feng hurriedly, “The fighter squad that fought with it might’ve left a tracking signal on its fur. If this fighter squad chases after us and finds us, we’ll be in trouble!”

Chen Gu heard and also became shocked: “Yea, we can’t mess with a fighter squad that can heavily injure a silver moon wolf. There might be a wargod level fighter!”.

When Luo Feng heard this, he couldn’t help but to be relieved.

“Captain, don’t worry. I may not have much experience, but I naturally researched a lot about some common knowledge I should know before entering the wilderness for the first time. After killing the silver moon wolf, I checked it out, and there was indeed a tracking signal on it. I cut off the section of fur it was on” said Luo Feng.

Only after hearing that did Gao Feng and Chen Gu relax.

They were worried about Luo Feng’s lack of experience as a rookie. Since they stole someone else’s heavily injured monster, if they manage to chase up, there’ll be a problem.

“Zhang Ke is heavily injured, so our squad can’t stay too long in the wilderness. Everybody rest up here. When it’s bright tomorrow, we’ll depart to the resupplying base” said Gao Feng.

“Yes, captain”.

The group cheerfully responded.

Dawn of the second day, the fire hammer squad quietly left the #0201 country level city and headed towards the resupplying base along the old highway.

In the military sector’s resupplying base.

“Brother Hei”

Zhang Ze Hu was smoking and chatting with some brute with a large moustache in a corner of the resupplying base, “Have you seen any members of the fire hammer squad return recently? Fuck, that little shrimp Luo Feng made me waste a hundred million. I’ll never be satisfied if I don’t mess with him”.

“Not yet. According to the registry, there’s no news of the fire hammer squad’s return” laughed the large moustached brute, “Tiger, if that Luo Feng messed with you, you have to teach him a lesson in the wilderness. You’re banned from taking action in the resupplying base”.

“Of course I know that, I don’t want to die yet” laughed Zhang Ze Hu.

The government’s army manages the headquarter cities and military sectors behind the scenes. No matter how much fighters hate each other, they wouldn’t dare to fight in the military sectors. If they do, then there’ll be tragic consequences. In fact, the resupplying bases are small areas drawn out by the military, so they manage safety and everything else there.

“Brother Hei, give me a call when that Luo Feng comes back” laughed Zhang Ze Hu.

“Sure, no problem” laughed the large moustached brute.

Zhang Ze Hu threw his cigarette butt on the floor, stepped on it, and then laughed: “Alright brother, I’m off. Talk to you later”. Zhang Ze Hu then continued walking forward in the resupplying base. It’s called a base, but it actually has an atmosphere like a residential sector’s. Zhang Ze Hu quickly met the other two members of the squad under a large tree near the gates of the resupplying base.

“How is it, tiger?” asked the one eyed middle aged man in a small voice.

“Hasn’t returned yet, there’s absolutely no news at all” smiled Zhang Ze Hu.

The bald middle aged man laughed slightly on the side: “If not even one of them has returned yet, then I’m sure that they all died in the horde of monsters. It’s good if they all died off, there won’t be any trouble”. The tiger fang squad wasn’t afraid of the fire hammer squad at all, but if any members of the fire hammer squad survive, there’ll be a bit of trouble.

“Fire hammer squad, hmph, if you want to blame someone, blame that Luo Feng” Zhang Ze Hu laughed coldly, “Dared to make me spend money. Oh yea, have you guys found out who stole our hunter?”

“No” the one eyed middle aged man frowned as he shook his head, “No news at all. The captain is drinking up out of anger in the room right now”.

“I think that, since we haven’t been able to meet them on the way back, there’s probably no chance of finding out who stole our hunter” said the bald man as he shook his head. Suddenly, his face changed dramatically as he stared at the far away gate of the resupplying base. The other two noticed this and turned their heads in response, and their faces also changed completely!

Gao Feng, Chen Gu, Wei Qing, Wei Tie, Luo Feng, and Zhang Ke were all at the gate of the resupplying base.

“A9, old Gao, seems like you’ve encountered some trouble this time” the guardsman noticed Zhang Ke’s missing arm and wrapped it up.

“Fuck, don’t bring that up. The monsters didn’t harm us, but those fucking tiger squad members did!” cursed Gao Feng.

“Captain, the tiger fang squad is there” Chen Gu suddenly roared ferociously.

At this time, the members of the fire hammer squad all turned their heads and saw three people under the cold shade of a tree not too far away. After seeing these three people, all the faces of the members of the fire hammer squad became enraged. Zhang Ke, who was carrying a backpack and was still pale, even shouted: “Don’t move!”.

Zhang Ze Hu and the other two saw the six members of the fire hammer squad and were shocked, so they started walking away.

In this case, they were the offenders!

But they didn’t think that Chen Gu would see them.

“Still trying to run?” yelled Gao Feng.

The six members of the fire hammer squad rushed over, and the yelling caused quite a bit of attention from the other fighters in the resupplying base. At this time, Zhang Ze Hu and the other two stopped running. If they actually slipped away, wouldn’t that be admitting their wrongdoings? Even though they did it, they can’t admit it!

“Gao Feng, what are you yelling for?” yelled the one eyed middle aged man as he turned around, “Where do you think this is? This is a military sector, a resupplying base for fighters. Is this the kind of place for you to act wildly?”

“If you want to act wildly, look at the spot first” laughed the bald man coldly.

No matter what, you can’t back down.

“Still acting arrogant?” both of Gao Feng’s hands reached for a hammer. He swung his hammers as he ferociously charged at them with red eyes, “You’re asking for a beating!”.

The faces of the one eyed middle aged man, Zhang Ze Hu, and the bald man changed completely.

They didn’t say anything, since they were in the wrong.

“BEEP!” “BEEP!” “BEEP!” an ear piercing whistle rang, and twelve uniform wearing men split up and charged over from afar. The captain of the squad yelled: “Put your weapon down, no fighting in the resupplying base, or else our guards have the right to kill you!”


Chapter 55: Dividing the Spoils

The yelling and the sound of the whistle attracted quite a bit of fighters to this area.

“It’s the fire hammer squad, against those from the tiger fang squad”.

“How come they’re arguing?” discussed the fighters. The fire hammer squad and the tiger fang squad were quite well known in Jiang-Nan city. Under the commands of the guards of the resupplying base, the fire hammer squad forced themselves to calm down, since no one is allowed to challenge the military’s authority.

“Stop!” an aggressive yell. Luo Feng turned his head and saw a skinny man bringing the other two members of the tiger fang squad.

Chen Gu said quietly beside Luo Feng: “Luo Feng, this is the captain of the tiger fang squad, ‘Pan Ya’. His nickname is ‘Tiger Fang’ and he uses a saber as his weapon. He isn’t someone you would want to mess with”. Luo Feng couldn’t help but to be shocked: this short, skinny, and seemingly insignificant man was actually the captain of the tiger fang squad!

“Tiger Fang?” Luo Feng carefully looked at the man, ‘Tiger Fang’. His gaze then moved towards Zhang Ze Hu, who was behind his captain. When Luo Feng’s gaze was on Zhang Ze Hu, Zhang Ze Hu grinned. He then laughed to himself coldly, “Keep being arrogant, Zhang Ze Hu! I will make not just you, but also your entire tiger fang squad suffer! Mark my words!”

Before Luo Feng entered the wilderness, he thought that the act of Zhang Hao Bai attempting to break his arms and legs was cruel.

Now that he looks at his current situation…..

The tiger fang squad only had a bit of hatred towards him, and yet they tried to eliminate his entire squad and pretend that nothing happened. What Zhang Hao Bai did was nothing compared to the tiger fang squad’s actions.

“Captain”

“Captain”

Zhang Ze Hu and the other two stood behind their captain. A large crowd was spectating the stand off between the tiger fang squad and the fire hammer squad. At that time, the captain of the patrolling squad coldly said: “Gao Feng, Pan Ya, I don’t care about what you have to discuss. However, if either of you take action, don’t blame me. Brothers, let’s go”

The captain waved his hand, since he was too lazy to watch. With his warning, he was pretty sure that these guys wouldn’t dare to mess around.

“Tiger Fang”!

Gao Feng laughed coldly, “You’re sure cruel. I, Gao Feng, sure underestimated you. I didn’t think you would do something so cruel and sinister! First, you secretly attacked us with a sniper rifle from far away, and then you attracted a horde of monsters to surround our squad, giving us almost no chance of survival. Unless someone powerful came and saved us, our squad would’ve been decimated!”.

The fighters that were watching suddenly went into an uproar.

The tiger fang squad was too cruel.

“Gao Feng, don’t speak nonsense” the tiger fang captain laughed coldly, “My tiger fang squad did no such thing, so don’t blame it on our squad!”. No matter what, they can’t admit that they did such a thing. Once they admit it, his tiger fang squad will be in big trouble.

“My brother’s arm was hit off by one your sniper rifle’s bullets” said Gao Feng with a gloomy face.

“If I said we didn’t, then we didn’t” said the tiger fang captain coldly, “If you have proof, bring it to the security agency and let them decide! Don’t spout your nonsense here. Brothers, lets go”. The captain of the tiger fang squad was straightforward and wasn’t willing to talk much to the fire hammer squad.

Gao Feng, Chen Gu, and the others all had ugly faces on and Luo Feng was clenching his teeth in anger.

However, Luo Feng was clear. His group had no kind of evidence at all. Even though there are many cases of fighters killing each other over valuable treasures in the wilderness, most of them can’t bring out any type of evidence either. Since there’s no evidence, the Dojo of Limits wouldn’t be able to help out.

“Hmph, let’s go!” commanded Gao Feng as he coldly watched the tiger fang squad leave.

The members of the fire hammer squad could only hold in their anger as they left.

Resupplying base, #A9 villa will become the temporary resting spot of the fire hammer squad.

“Captain, no need to be angry now” said Luo Feng, “We can let those tiger fang squad members have their moment of pride. It wouldn’t be too late to deal with them after they enter the wilderness…..” Luo Feng’s words caused the angry members of the fire hammer squad to let out smiles.

Chen Gu patted Luo Feng’s shoulder: “Yea, our squad has you, Luo Feng. Destroying them won’t be difficult”

“Even ten years wouldn’t be too late for a gentleman to have his revenge” laughed Gao Feng as he grinned, “And we don’t even need to wait too long anyway. With Luo Feng, the tiger fang squad is doomed!”. At this time, the members of the fire hammer squad were all smiling, and even Zhang Ke gave out a rare sigh of relief. Spirit readers all have their periods of rapid growth.

Luo Feng’s ability is already terrifying, and it’ll keep flying up!

You can say…… that the tiger fang squad has virtually no hope at all!

“The tiger fang squad aside, let’s deal with the spoils we got from hunting the monsters” said Gao Feng, “Even though we didn’t go out for too long this time, we hunted four commander level monsters: A bloodthirsty tank, a two tailed ocelot, a lion mastiff, and a hunter!”

On their journey back to the resupplying base, Luo Feng and the others encountered a low level commander level lion mastiff monster. With Luo Feng and Gao Feng there, they easily killed it.

“However, the resupplying base isn’t that big, so it’ll be conspicuous if we bring out and try to sell the hunter’s materials. At that time, we’ll attract the attention of the fighter squad that heavily injured the silver moon wolf” said Gao Feng seriously.

“Yea”

Chen Gu nodded in agreement, “Wait until we get back to the city to sell the hunter’s materials. We’ll sell the other monsters’ materials here”. For a fighter squad, it’s not the soldier level monsters that are worth money, but the commander level monsters….. Needless to say, each of the horrifying horde leader level monsters are worth a ton!

As for the high level commander level silver moon wolf, it’s not only rare monsters, but also the king of the wolves. Its price will surely be equal to a normal low level horde leader, so it’ll also be worth a ton!

“Everybody eat and rest, we’ll sell them later” smiled Gao Feng.

After eating, the six members of the fire hammer squad found the representative of the HR alliance, and directly sold to him the materials of the monsters. Other than the silver moon wolf’s materials, they sold everything.

In the A9 villa, the fire hammer squad was huddle around a computer and dividing up the money.

“Luo Feng collected many materials from soldier level monsters, whether they’re G level or F level. On average, each of the soldier level monsters’ materials are worth 6 thousand. In other words, Luo Feng gets around 120 thousand from the soldier level monsters” the captain was dividing up the money, “Wei Tie collected materials from 12 soldier level monsters, and they’re all F level. On average, they’re worth around 8 thousand each, so it’s roughly 100 thousand total”.

“The amount of materials that Wei Qing collected from soldier level monsters…..”

“Zhang Ke collected materials from 11 different soldier level monsters…..”

“Alright, next, we’ll be dividing the spoils from the commander level monsters. All the materials from the twin tailed ocelot was worth around 12 million” Gao Feng looked at the group, “I did most of the work in hunting it. If there weren’t any accidents, I would get 60% of it, but….. after killing it, we were attacked by a horde of monsters and Luo Feng saved all of us! Luo Feng helped a lot. And Zhang Ke received a heavy wound, so since he’s handicapped, he’ll get 60% of the money from this commander level monster. I’ll get 10%, Luo Feng will get 15%, and Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Chen Gu each get 5%!”.

“Nobody has any complaints right?” said Gao Feng.

“No complaints” Luo Feng nodded.

A rule in the fighter squads, if someone becomes handicapped because of a battle, he gets 60% of the spoils. This also counts as some kind of ‘subsidy’.

“So, out of this 12 million, 7.2 million goes to Zhang Ke, 1.8 million to Luo Feng. I get 1.2 million, Chen Gu and the others get 600 thousand each” Gao Feng inputted the numbers, “The lion mastiff monster we killed on the way back was worth 10 million. Everybody contributed quite a bit in this battle, so me and Luo Feng each get 30%. Chen Gu, Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Zhang Ke each get 10%. No complaints right?”

Everybody nodded.

Actually, Zhang Ke didn’t do anything in that battle, but everybody wanted to give him some money. Zhang Ke himself didn’t say anything….. a fighter squad is quite compassionate.

“Luo Feng and I get 3 million each, and the others get 1 million each”

Gao Feng slightly smiled, “The bloodthirsty tank was worth the most money, it reached 16 million. Chen Gu did the most work, he killed it in one hit, so he gets 60%! Everybody else contributed too, so Luo Feng, Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Zhang Ke each get 10%. No need to include me”. Naturally, Gao Feng was the richest person in the fighter squad.

Usually, Gao Feng did most of the work when hunting a commander level monster. So all these years, the amount of money Gao Feng makes could be up to ten times higher than everyone else’s.

That’s why Gao Feng is quite modest if he didn’t do much in a fight.

“In other words, Chen Gu gets 9.6 million. Zhang Ke, Luo Feng, Wei Qing, and Wei Tie each get 1.6 million.

“In total”

“Chen Gu gets 11.26 million, Luo Feng gets 6.52 million, I get 4.2 million, Zhang Ke gets 9.91 million, Wei Tie gets 3.3 million, and Wei Qing gets 3.32 million” Gao Feng reported the final totals and laughed, “Of course, we still have our treasure, the materials of the silver moon wolf, which will surely earn us a ton!”


Chapter 56: Back to the City, Xu Xin’s background

“However, Luo Feng was responsible for tracking, killing, dissecting, and bringing back the materials of the silver moon wolf. He did it all himself” laughed Gao Feng, “So Luo Feng can claim the maximum amount, ‘80%’. As for the rest, the 20%, we’ll split it evenly between the five of us”. This was a rule in the fighter squads.

Even if one person does all the work, he has to give everyone else a little bit too.

Usually, when killing commander level monsters, the person who does most of the work can get at most 60%. In this case, where Luo Feng did all of the work, he can get at most 80%.

“Luo Feng, your earnings this time probably exceeds the amount of which I’ve earned over the past ten years” Chen Gu couldn’t help but to yell on the side, “You better treat all of us tonight!”

“Yes, you better. Pulverize this rich man” followed Wei Tie and Wei Qing.

Even Zhang Ze Hu of the ‘tiger fang squad’ only earned 100 million from two years of hard work. And Zhang Ze Hu is in his peak in those two years. Before….. he made even less money. In other words, Zhang Ze Hu probably only made 300 to 400 million from all these years of work.

As for Luo Feng….. just this one time made him rich!

However, not just anybody can kill the ‘hunter’. Naturally, with Luo Feng’s power, he can make lots of money. Strength is everything in the circle of fighters, and those with money are usually amazing.

“Of course, how could I not? I’ll treat everyone in the HR alliance market” laughed Luo Feng.

“I’ll split the money first and send it to each of your accounts”

said Gao Feng as he laughed. In front of everyone, he transferred the money he received from before into each account of the members of the fire hammer squad one by one. Everyone in the squad knows each other’s username and password for their public accounts. Usually, they divide the money right when they get it.

In the afternoon of the same day, Luo Feng and the others rode a train back home.

“The train is about to enter the station. Customers that are getting off, please prepare your belongings” a recorded sound rang throughout the train carriage, and with a ‘hua’ sound, the train carriage’s door opened.

“Go!”

Gao Feng, Luo Feng, Zhang Ke, Chen Gu, and the Wei Jia brothers all walked out.

“So many people” Luo Feng stepped out the train and saw a huge amount of tourists in the train station. Tons of densely packed people could be seen waiting for the train through the glass of the train station. A main city in a headquarter city has a population of over 100 million, so one can imagine how lively it would be in a train station there!

This is called popularity, steaming popularity!

“Brothers, thank the weapons in our hands, for we have once again returned to the city alive!” said Gao Feng thankfully.

“We’re back”

“Back to a human city”

Luo Feng was also shocked inside. Even though he was in the wilderness for only seven, eight days, it was desolate, ruined, and empty. The cities in the wilderness can’t even be recognized as cities. There were huge amounts of monsters, so Luo Feng and the others always had to tread carefully in fear of being surrounded by them.

Only headquarter cities! These are the only safe places for humans to live in! These are the places where civilization exists!

“Headquarter cities, the final base for humanity” a thought rose from Luo Feng’s heart, “It’s for humanity’s cities that powerful fighters stand up! As for me, I can easily kill regular soldier level monsters and even low level commander level monsters. However, even with weapons, a regular person would be in an extremely bad situation against a commander level monster”.

Why do countries give fighters special rights?

Why does the entire world encourage fighters to hunt monsters?

Because the more monsters that are hunted, the safer the human cities become.

“Hello, I’ll probably be able to return home late into the night today” Zhang Ke held his phone with a smile on his face, “Yea, I’ll be staying home for an extremely long time, so I’ll be sure to please my great wife!”. Who could’ve thought that someone who lost his arm could have such an honest, natural smile on his face at this time.

Deep down inside, the fighters that fight on the border of life and death in the wilderness are always worried about their families.

Luo Feng also called his home’s phone.

“Feng”

Luo Feng’s eyes became uncomfortable as he heard this familiar sound, and he responded, “Mom, I’ll probably get back home late in the night, so you guys don’t have to wait for me to eat dinner”.

“Tonight?” his mom was clearly joyful, “Alright, alright, your dad is outside with your brother, I’ll tell them to pick up the phone”.

“No need, I’ll be back tonight” Luo Feng’s heart felt warm.

This is home, the place Luo Feng defends.

“Luo Feng, go, ride the HR alliance’s special fighter-only car” commanded Gao Feng. The others have already started to leave.

“Coming”

Luo Feng hung up and immediately joined the others. They rode on a fighter-exclusive path. At the end of the path was a small area, where there were special cars from the Dojo of Limits, Thunder Dojo, HR alliance, and even some underground alliances waiting for their fighters.

As they saw Luo Feng and the others come out, all the chauffeurs cheered up.

“Go, go to the alliance market” Gao Feng and the others directly went into the alliance market’s car.

“Alright”

The large, comfortable SUV was started, locked, and with a step on the gas pedal, moved forward.

Inside the car.

“Luo Feng, we’ll be at the alliance market soon” laughed Chen Gu as he looked at Luo Feng, “Maybe that Xu Xin chick from last time is still there. Luo Feng, now that you’re back from the wilderness, you better get your feelings across and get that relationship started”.

“You pervert” scolded Gao Feng as he laughed, and then looked towards Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, a word of advice. That little girl Xu Xin managed to become a bar manager in that lobby at such a young age, so she’s not just anyone. She probably has some sort of background, so watch for that”.

Luo Feng nodded.

He also had the same feeling. In school, Xu Xin was extremely normal. However, at the bar in the alliance market’s lobby, the air around Xu Xin was completely different. If we say she was completely shy in the past, then now she’s shining like a bright light.

“Are you guys talking about lady Xu Xin?” asked the driver in a surprised tone.

“You know Xu Xin?” Luo Feng looked towards him,

“Of course I do” laughed the driver, “We’re always going to the alliance market, so all us brothers that go there to chat obviously know about lady Xu Xin. Even though she isn’t extremely pretty….. hehe, whoever can marry her would have an extremely relaxing life”

Gao Feng’s face slightly changed, “Don’t tell me that she’s from one of the great 12 families of the alliance in the country, the Xu family”. “Yes, precisely the Xu family. I heard that the Xu family’s status in the country is pretty high” said the driver as he nodded.

Luo Feng was also surprised as he heard this.

The alliance is made out of super rich families and corporations from America, Europe, etc. You can say that all the large and powerful families from the whole world formed an alliance together. They control the world’s economy together and all the governments’ armies have no choice but to peacefully coexist with them.

And–

in the alliance, besides the nine large families at the top, there are still dozens of other families that are rank 1 in the alliance, corporations aside.

Each of these families hold an astonishing amount of wealth and an astonishing amount of power.

“Fuck, that’s too much of a background” glared Chen Gu, “I knew this girl’s name was Xu, but I didn’t think she’d be from the Xu family. Luo Feng brother, even big bro can’t help you get this girl Xu Xin, it’s too hard”

“It is hard, but our Luo Feng ain’t bad at all” said Gao Feng.

Chen Gu, Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Zhang Ke all started laughing.

From their point of view, Luo Feng is a spirit reader whose strength will only become more horrifying.

“Old Fang”

Gao Feng spoke through his phone” Yea, it’s me. Of course we have something good for you, or else why would I call you? It’s worth over 100 million for sure. Alright, no problem” after calling, Gao Feng looked at the others in the eye, “I told old Fang. When we get to the alliance market, we’ll directly go upstairs”.

“Okay” Luo Feng and the others nodded.

Moments later –

The special car passed the soldiers’ security line and directly drove to the gate of the alliance market’s lobby. The members of the fire hammer squad all got off the car as its doors opened.

“Mr. Gao Feng, manager Fang is already waiting upstairs” smiled a seemingly capable, pretty woman with short hair and ears.

“Okay”

Gao Feng, Luo Feng, and the others didn’t say much more and directly went into the lobby.

In the extravagant lobby, there were quite a bit of fighters chatting in the direction of the bar. Luo Feng’s gaze scanned the bar: “Not here?”. Then he realized that college begins around this date, and even regular colleges undergo military training when they first begin.

And today isn’t a weekend, so it’s not weird that Xu Xin isn’t here.

“DING!”

The elevator door opened and the members of the fire hammer squad went in.

“BEEP!” The woman stood in front of the elevator door and pressed ’21’. She then aligned her eyes with a detector, “BEEP, pass, welcome lady Liu”.

“Manager Fang is waiting on the 21st floor” smiled the woman.

Luo Feng and the others nodded.

The elevator quickly went up and didn’t stop until they got there. In just a bit, “DING”, the elevator door opened. They arrived on the 21st floor.


Chapter 57: Price, Ecstasy

After walking out of the elevator, there was an extremely large resting lounge. Just that one resting lounge was probably around 300 to 400 square meters. In the resting lounge were a few bar sofas, where several people were waiting to meet manager Feng. However, they saw….. a squad of fighters that didn’t need to wait at all. They just directly walked towards manager Fang’s office.

“Manager Fang is inside, please go ahead” lady Liu directly brought Luo Feng and the others into manager Fang’s office.

In the office, Luo Feng looked around. The ornaments around were sparkling and the floor was made out of toughened glass. Below the toughened glass was a river with fish swimming in it. One can see quite a bit of fish below while standing on top of the toughened glass.

“How luxurious” Luo Feng thought to himself.

“Gao Feng, looks like you guys really made a bit this time” a bald, old man with a round face left his seat and laughed as he walked over, “Here, come over and sit”.

The group sat on the sofas facing each other on the side of the office.

“So, what do you have this time?” the round faced old man laughed as he said, “Let’s see it”.

“Old Fang, I’ll open your eyes this time” laughed Gao Feng, “A big manager like you receives quite a bit of fighter squads, but you’ll rarely see something like this. Luo Feng, take it out”.

“Oh?” manager Fang was shocked and his eyes lit up.

Luo Feng laughed as he saw manager Fang’s reaction as he took out the precious fur of the silver moon wolf from the backpack beside his feet. He put the fur on the ground and spread it out. As if it was a flat silver moon wolf, you could feel the killing intent of the silver moon wolf from it.

“Hunter!” manager Fang was so shocked that he couldn’t help but to stand up.

“There there” manager Fang was so shocked that he couldn’t help but to speak in his hometown’s dialect, “Old Gao, this sure is something. For a hunter to be this large, it’s probably a high level commander. WIth the silver moon wolf’s speed, even a powerful man who just stepped into the wargod level would have trouble killing it”.

The silver moon wolf’s speed was indeed shocking. When it was heavily injured, it could reach the speed of sound! One could imagine how fast it would be if it wasn’t injured!

“Hm hm, the fur is quite complete” inspected manager Fang, “Looks like the fur was cut along the wound. However….. it is indeed quite complete”. Manager Fang’s eyes flashed. The fur of a silver moon wolf is indeed one of the finest materials for clothes in the entire world.

Even though this fur had other uses, important figures of the world were willing to buy clothes made out of this fur for high prices.

“Give me a second” manager Fang directly ran over to his office desk.

And he swiftly took out a locked safe and, while holding it, ran back.

“Gao Feng, you guys don’t have to prolong this anymore. Just take out all the other materials of the hunter” laughed manager Fang as he persuaded. At the same time, he opened the locked safe, which contained a delicate apparatus. After activating it, a red light shone from the top of the apparatus.

Luo Feng took out the other things one by one.

The special eyes, claws, fangs, the bones of the legs…..

“Quite a complete collection”

Manager Fang’s eyes were filled with light as the apparatus shone its red light on the fur, and soon after, the eyes, claws, fangs….. The apparatus displayed a number on its small screen. Manager Fang’s expression was serious as he stared at the number, and at the same time, typed the information through a virtual keyboard. Moments later–

“Hm”

“These materials are indeed from the same hunter. And this hunter, is indeed a high level commander!” right when manager Fang finished saying that, Gao Feng laughed on the side as he said, “It should be a high level commander that’s nearing the horde leader level!”.

Even in the category of high level commander level monsters, there are large differences.

Monsters that just stepped into the high level commander level and high level commander level monsters that are nearing the horde leader level could have huge differences in strength. Naturally, the prices of their materials differ greatly too.

“Hehe, of course, I can’t hide that point from you guys” laughed manager Fang, “Alright, name your price”.

The members of the fire hammer squad looked at each other, and Gao Feng’s look signalled Luo Feng.

Luo Feng laughed as he spoke, “Manager Fang, what do you think is an appropriate price?”. In the ‘Home of Limits’ and the HR alliance’s internet market, there were many prices for a hunter. Luo Feng clearly knew that a high level commander level monster would sell for a lower price to the Dojo of Limits because the Dojo of Limits would give quite a bit of contribution points in return.

As for the HR alliance market, high level commander level monsters are normally in the 50 million to 500 million dollars range.

Of course, a hunter is naturally strong, rare, and is the king of the wolves, so its price also has to go above the normal price limit.

“How about this, these materials are indeed good. 600 million Chinese dollars!” said manager Fang after taking a deep breath.

Even for him, he rarely makes such huge business.

Materials from low level horde leader level monsters also usually go for this price.

Gao Feng, Luo Feng, and the others already discussed the price before coming here. Luo Feng read in the fighter discussion boards that someone sold a ‘medium level commander level’ hunter for around 50 million earth dollars in South America.

50 million earth dollars is equivalent to 175 million Chinese dollars.

If a medium level commander level hunter can sell for this much, then this high level commander level should be worth much more, especially since its already nearing the horde leader level.

“Old Fang, your price is too low” said Gao Feng as he frowned, “A medium level commander level hunter could already sell for 175 million Chinese dollars in South America. 900 million to 1 billion dollars shouldn’t be a problem for ours”.

“Gao Feng, don’t play around with me. It could never reach the price of 900 million to 1 billion” laughed manager Fang bitterly.

Luo Feng laughed as he saw this.

Actually, the squad came to the conclusion that this hunter should be able to sell for around 700 to 800 million while they were discussing. Captain Gao Feng was just scaring manager Fang by saying this.

“Hunting this silver moon wolf costed the arm of my brother” said Gao Feng with an ugly face, “I won’t say anymore….. 800 million Chinese dollars! If you accept, then we have a deal. Otherwise, I can find someone else. Because of our relationship, I directly came to old Fang without finding anyone else first”.

Manager Fang glanced at Zhang Ke, indeed…..

Zhang Ke lost an arm.

“Looks like manager Fang can’t pay this price. Let’s go” Gao Feng stood up, and Luo Feng immediately started packing up the materials of the silver moon wolf.

“750 million, my limit” said manager Fang as he frowned.

However, Gao Feng didn’t make a sound, and Luo Feng directly finished packing up.

“Go” Gao Feng started heading out.

“Gao Feng, 750 million is pretty good already” sighed manager Fang. As he saw Gao Feng and the others heading out, he yelled, “Come back, we’ll do your price!”

Luo Feng, Gao Feng, Chen Gu, and the others at the door looked at each other and let out a smile.

There were a few dozen managers purchasing monsters’ materials in the HR alliance market. The HR alliance market goes by an elimination system. In other words, those who perform the worst every year directly have their position of manager taken away from them. Naturally, a new person comes to replace them. Under such pressure……

Naturally, every manager tries to figure out how to collect monsters’ materials from fighters.

In the office.

“You fighters are too cruel now” said manager Fang as he was working on the transaction, but he also thanked, “Each manager and even each agent from every sector are all competing against each other to purchase materials from the fighters. As the prices become clearer and clearer, our profits become lower and lower. Seeing how you guys just made 800 million in one breath, it even makes old me want to go hunt monsters in the wilderness. Sadly, an old bag of bones like me probably can’t even beat a soldier level monster”.

As he said that, manager Fang was conducting the transactions to each account.

“Manager Fang, your personal assets probably surpass mine with all your meddling these years” laughed Gao Feng.

“Luck. Sometimes I’ll encounter something big, and I’ll be able to make a bunch of money” manager Fang let out a smile.

Gao Feng laughed: “With this, you’re probably going to make at least eight digits worth of profit”

“Not that much” manager Fang shook his head, “Okay, done. I transferred 800 million Chinese dollars into your fighter squad’s account”.

Gao Feng, and vice captain Chen Gu received notices from their tactical communications watch notifying them the increase of 800 million Chinese dollars in their accounts.

“Old Fang, feels great” laughed Gao Feng.

“You better take care of me with such hauls in the future” laughed manager Fang, “Now, us managers are also under great pressure. If I can somehow become a regional director of a headquarter city’s sector, then I’ll have things easy”.

“Yea” nodded Gao Feng, “However, powerful monsters are hard to deal with, my brother lost his arm”.

“Ah, yes, losing an arm…..” sighed manager Fang as he sighed, “Although I heard there’s a treasure that can make an arm grow again. However, the price of that is extraordinarily high, so a regular fighter would never be able to obtain it”.

“Regrow an arm?” Luo Feng’s mind was clouded.

Right when he became a fighter, Luo Feng also searched for such a special medicine in the internet market. However, he couldn’t find any medicine that could regrow an arm or a leg. Luo Feng always thought…… that such a medicine didn’t exist.

“There’s such a medicine?” Gao Feng also said out of surprise.

“Manager Fang, what is that thing? Can it regrow a leg too?” Luo Feng also asked excitedly.

Wow.

His brother has been handicapped all these years. If there’s a chance to let his brother stand up again, he’ll do everything he can to make that a reality.

“There is. It’s the legendary ‘Elixir of Life’. Don’t even talk about a leg or an arm, even if the lower half of your body is missing, it can grow back” said manager Fang, “However, this thing comes from an existence that far surpasses a horde leader–it’s made from the soul of the invincible emperor level monster ‘Earth Dragon’. There are just a few earth dragons spread around the entire world. So each elixir of life is extremely expensive! And it’s also extremely rare; you can’t find them on the internet markets. Our alliance also has none of them in stock. The price for one of them has already reached 30 billion, and there’s no market for them”.

“30 billion for one? No market?” Luo Feng’s heart started beating faster.

Right when he thought of his brother sitting on his wheelchair and silently looking out to the scenery outside, Luo Feng couldn’t help but to clench his fist: “No matter what…… I’ll let my brother stand up again! For sure!!!”.


Chapter 58: Plans for the Future

However, Luo Feng knew just how hard it was to make 30 billion!

A weak low level horde leader is worth around 500 million to 1 billion Chinese Dollars. Even if you hunt them alone and kill 10 horde leaders in a year….. you would probably make only around 5 to 6 billion. Also, it’s extremely hard for even a wargod level fighter to kill horde leaders.

The average wargod level fighter probably makes around 5 to 6 billion in a year.

Even with that, you would have to work hard for six or seven years.

Furthermore, he’s not even a wargod level fighter yet. It was only out of luck that he was able to meet this heavily wounded ‘hunter’; there’s no way he can get lucky every time.

“Even though it’ll be hard to make 30 billion Chinese dollars, it’s not impossible with the sleeping potential in my spiritual force”.

“However, killing an earth dragon” Luo Feng laughed bitterly in his heart.

A horde leader….. is already extremely horrifying.

An existence that surpasses a horde leader–the Emperor level, the strongest monsters on earth! There are also humans that surpass the wargod level. For example, the strongest fighter ‘Hong’ and the second strongest ‘Thunder God’ both surpass the wargod level. However, these existences are extremely rare!

Killing an earth dragon?

Even the strongest human fighters on earth can’t be 100% sure that they can kill it.

“Haha, elixir of life? Captain, when one of you guys reach the level of the world’s strongest fighter, ‘Hong’, throw some small cash at me so I can buy one elixir of life” laughed Zhang Ke. The other members of the fire hammer squad couldn’t help but to laugh. Reach the level of ‘Hong’?

Such a person can fight against the government’s entire army alone. For these types of people, 30 billion is indeed small cash. However, how many people on this world can reach that level?

“Go, let’s eat!” laughed Gao Feng.

In a restaurant on the third floor of the HR alliance market. There were dishes all over the table and the members of the fire hammer squad were all grouped in front of a laptop on the side. Captain ‘Gao Feng’ swiftly scanned his finger on the scanner, typed in the three one-time passwords, and entered the fire hammer squad’s shared account.

“800 million Chinese dollars. As we said before, Luo Feng did all the work, so he gets the highest possible ‘80%’. The rest of us will split the 20%. No complaints right” Gao Feng looked at the group.

The group nodded and Luo Feng laughed.

Fighter squads had all sorts of rules. Some of them try to make the members compete while others promote unity.

“Luo Feng gets 640 million, the rest of us get 32 million” Gao Feng swiftly transferred the money.

“BEEP”

“Transaction successful”

Notifications appeared one by one on the laptop’s screen. Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at his own tactical communications watch, which displayed that his balance has increased by 640 million.

“Today, Luo Feng’s treating us” laughed Gao Feng as he yelled.

“Yea, we gotta make this rich guy pay” said Chen Gu with an unsatisfied look, “Jeez, just this one time and you’ve almost caught up to the amount of money I’ve made over all these years. I’m envious”.

The members of the fire hammer squad were extremely cheerful as they chatted freely and ate and drank merrily.

Every time they leave the wilderness, they leave the border of life and death! In the wilderness, especially in ruined cities, you’re always worried. Nobody dares to relax in those cities….. since there are just way too many monster hordes and commander level monsters there.

“Drink!”

“Come, us brothers will have a drink”

“Feels great. Old Zhang, we’ve been brothers for almost ten years. Who knows how many times you’ve saved me on the battlefield. Well, no need to say anymore. Here, cheers!”

The people around this table were sad because Zhang Ke was retiring, but they were hopeful towards Luo Feng the spirit reader. Everybody’s feelings were complicated, so they ate and drank merrily until around 9 PM. Only until then did they find a room in a nearby teahouse to rest in.

In the room, everybody had a clear cup of tea in front of them.

“Zhang Ke is going to become an ‘instructor’ at the dojo” said Gao Feng to the group, “In the future, we’ll have five people in our fire hammer squad! Me, Luo Feng, Chen Gu, Wei Tie, and Wei Qing! And since Luo Feng’s a spirit reader, his strength surpasses mine. I’m sure his growth in the future will be even more amazing”.

Nobody was unhappy because of Luo Feng’s strength.

A strong fighter in a squad means a higher chance of survival for the squad! The squad will have an easier time hunting monsters and make more money!

For example, if Luo Feng didn’t kill the hunter this time, the other members of the squad wouldn’t have earned 32 million. Even though Luo Feng got the majority of the money, they still received way more money than they got from their previous earnings.

“However, out of us five, Luo Feng is the strongest. I hope that we won’t be a burden to him!” said Gao Feng.

The faces of Wei Qing and Wei Tie changed slightly.

Both of them were “advanced warrior level fighters”, so they were indeed a burden.

“Captain, I’m still a rookie” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to say.

“Luo Feng, that’s not what I meant” smiled Gao Feng slightly, “Wei Tie, Wei Qing, you brothers don’t think too much either….. What I meant was that we should raise our goal for the monsters we hunt in the future! So the first goal for our fire hammer squad will be– making every member a warlord level fighter!”

“Captain…..” Wei Tie couldn’t help but to say, “My brother and I still have a bit to go until we reach the warlord level”

“I know that”

Gao Feng laughed confidently, “I have an idea, tell me what you guys think”

Luo Feng nodded, and Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Chen Gu also listened in.

“Wei Tie, Wei Qing, Chen Gu, you three each buy one A grade genetic medicine” said Gao Feng, “That way, with just body fitness level, Wei Tie and Wei Qing will be able to directly enter the ‘low level warlord level’. Chen Gu’s power and speed will also greatly increase”.

Luo Feng slightly frowned.

There are currently two mainstream genetic medicines: grade A and grade B. Grade B are for regular people, which let them become fighters! However, those who rely on the genetic medicine to become a fighter will just have average strength in the future.

A grade genetic medicines are for fighters to use. After using them, their strength can multiply many times! Of course, if your strength was already very high, then the genetic medicine won’t be as effective.

However, one A grade genetic medicine, even with the dojo’s half price, costs 360 million Chinese dollars!

“Captain, I’ve worked for so many years and, even if I add today’s earnings, I only have 430 million” frowned Wei Tie as he said, “With my rate of growth, it seems that a low level warlord is basically my limit. In the future, I won’t have many options to make money. So if I throw all my money out right now, how much will I have left when I retire?”.

People always have to think about the future.

Money isn’t easy to make. After working for ten or so years, he only made 430 million. And to use 360 million to buy a genetic medicine? Then wouldn’t he be investing everything he worked for in that?

“Captain, I use heated weapons, so I have to spend quite a bit of money. Using 360 million like this…..” Chen Gu was also a bit hesitant.

“No worries”

Gao Feng slightly smiled, “You won’t need that much money to buy an A grade genetic medicine. When I just became a fighter, I was also a rookie. At that time, I joined a fighter squad and made a brother for life. As of now, that brother is an advanced warlord! He has connections to get a genetic medicine for just 200 million”

“200 million? Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Chen Gu were shocked.

“Just, 200 million?” Luo Feng was also completely shocked.

Half price in the Limit Home’s internet market is basically the lowest price you can get. Even half price needs 360 million, but Gao Feng can get it for just 200 million?

“Then I’ll go ask my good buddy to buy some for us, and then you guys can pay me after I give them to you. That way, you’ll believe me” laughed Gao Feng. However, there is something he didn’t tell them. Only those in his brother’s internal organization can get that discount.

The members of the organization also aren’t allowed to sell their things to outsiders, since the organization’s prices will inflate and go through other problems if that happens.

However……

Gao Feng was willing to give his own money so that Chen Gu, Wei Tie, and Wei Qing won’t have to. Since, in terms of wealth, he has much money than all the other members in the squad.

“In the future, everyone in the squad will be warlord level” smiled Gao Feng slightly, “Chen Gu will be responsible for suppression, etc, Wei Tie and Wei Qing will be responsible for cleaning out the normal soldier monsters, while me and Luo Feng will go for the commander level monsters! With our squad’s efficiency, we’ll surely be able to kill large amounts of commander level monsters. The amount of money we’ll make will be at least 10 times higher than we made in the past”.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to be excited inside.

According to what Gao Feng said, everyone in the fire hammer squad will become elites. A squad full of warlords, and with his spiritual force…… the power of this squad will be crazy.


Chapter 59: Obsessed

Even though Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Chen Gu were surprised by their captain’s suggestion, they still nodded in agreement in the end. They also knew clearly that one of the members in the fire hammer squad will grow at a rapid rate. If they can’t keep up….. then in time, they’ll be abandoned.

After that, Luo Feng and the others split up in the HR alliance market and returned to their respective homes by train.

Yang-Zhou city, Ming-Yue sector.

As of now, it was already deep into the night. A fighter-only car–a Volkswagen Touareg SUV, encountered no resistance as it entered the sector.

“BEEP!”

The Volkswagen Touareg stopped in front of the entrance to the Limit Hall. Chen Gu, Zhang Ke, and Luo Feng’s homes were all gathered in front of the Limit Hall’s entrance. Homes of dojo instructors, like chief instructor Wu Tong, were also there.

Luo Feng opened the door and got off the car. The first thing he saw was his father and mother standing and his brother sitting in his wheelchair.

“Brother!” Luo Hua was the first to yell.

“Luo Hua, Dad, Mom” Luo Feng hugged his parents and his brother. Luo Feng was able to feel his parent’s joy. Chen Gu and Zhang Ke were also with their family members. However, the faces of Zhang Ke’s wife and daughter were filled with tears.

Even though they already knew beforehand that Zhang Ke lost his arm, they still cried.

“Wife, daughter, I’ll be with you guys forever now”. You couldn’t see any sorrow on Zhang Ke’s face.

“Brother Zhang” Luo feng stole a glance. There was an extremely high possibility of the tiger fang squad attacking the fire hammer squad because of the feud he had with Zhang Ze Hu.

“The three heroes of our dojo have returned safely. It’s quite late now, so let’s all get some nice rest” laughed chief instructor Wu Tong. The group laughed as they split up and Luo Feng and his family members returned home.

After returning home, Luo Feng was finally able to completely relax. On the first day he returned, he didn’t train and just relaxed. Wearing his loose dojo uniform, he took a relaxing walk in the sector.

Afternoon, the September sun was still ruthless.

“Luo Feng, take a trip to the dojo” called Chen Gu through his phone, “The captain’s here”.

“Oh, I’ll be right there”

Luo Feng immediately rushed towards the Dojo of Limits.

In a bar on the Dojo of Limit’s first floor, Luo Feng, Chen Gu, and Gao Feng were sitting together. The drapes covered the window on the side to prevent the sunlight from shining in.

“Luo Feng, here are the two 9th series throwing knives you wanted” laughed Gao Feng as he handed them over, “A total of 45 million. Hurry up and transfer the money, you rich man. I won’t mind accepting any extra tip if you’re willing to give some”.

“9th series throwing knives?” Luo Feng immediately accepted the delicately wrapped box.

After opening the box, the interior was split into two sections. Each section had a knife in it, and both of them were black. When Chen Gu and the others asked Gao Feng to help them purchase the genetic medicine, Luo Feng asked the captain to help him buy two 9th series throwing knives. Right now, good throwing knives are very important to Luo Feng!

Whether throwing knives or other weapons, the prices keep going up!

Throwing knives are cheap because they’re small and use very little material. Even a high level horde leader level monster would have trouble destroying a 9th series throwing knife.

“Captain, I transferred 45 million” Luo Feng directly transferred through his cell phone.

“Didn’t even give a dollar extra” said Gao Feng purposefully.

“Luo Feng, you have so much money now, so why don’t you buy a better blade? A better battle uniform?” laughed Chen Gu. He just received his genetic medicine, so he was in an extremely good mood.

Luo Feng shook his head: “Throwing knives are light and don’t use much material, so I can afford them. A blade and uniform? A 9th series ghost blade is 3 billion Chinese dollars. A 9th series battle uniform is even more absurd. In total, it’ll be 12 billion Chinese dollars. How can I afford that?”. The price difference between soldier level, warlord level, and wargod level weapons were indeed very large.

So he’ll just buy throwing knives!

If even a horde leader can’t rip open that battle uniform, then it wouldn’t be weird for that uniform to be extremely expensive.

And with his ‘advanced warrior level’ fitness level, even if he’s wearing an 8th or 9th series battle uniform and it remains intact after the attack from a horde leader, the impact of the attack would be enough to destroy his vital organs! Even if a beggar wears robes, he wouldn’t become royal. If his body is warrior level and his battle uniform is wargod level….. that’s a waste of a battle uniform!

“A battle uniform is way, way more expensive than throwing knives” laughed Gao Feng, “Luo Feng is right. His 5th series battle uniform is appropriate for his current body fitness level”.

“Luo Feng” said Gao Feng.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked towards the captain.

“Right now, Chen Gu and the two Wei Jia brothers are all going to use the genetic medicine. The genetic medicine will need around a months time to completely show its effect! And after their strength increase, they’ll also need one or two months of training to get used to their stronger power. So–We’ll probably rest for two or three months. After two or three months, we’ll enter the wilderness again” said Gao Feng.

Chen Gu also nodded.

“I understand” laughed Luo Feng as he nodded, “I’ll take this chance to train too. I gained quite a bit from this time’s trip into the wilderness. Now that I’m back, I’ll train productively”.

“Okay” laughed Gao Feng as he nodded, “If we want to meet again, let’s meet in the main city sector. Coming here from my home takes quite a bit of time after all”.

“Alright”

Luo Feng and Chen Gu nodded.

The main sector city is the center of the entire headquarter city. It’s extremely convenient to go there from Yang-Zhou city or any other surrounding city.

After the captain left, Luo Feng brought the two throwing knives home.

That night.

In Luo Feng’s home’s training hall, there was a transparent piece of glass with a width and length of around one meter in the middle of the ceiling. Like water, the moonlight shone through the glass. Sitting in the middle of the training hall, Luo Feng could see the infinite starry sky with a glance through the glass.

“HU~~HU~~” the two black throwing knives were encircling Luo Feng.

“The dark, golden ball is still in my realm of consciousness, and it holds a large amount of spiritual force! It’s just that my body isn’t strong enough to withstand so much spiritual force” Luo Feng thought to himself, “So what I need to do now is to raise my body fitness level as fast as possible!”.

“As my body gets stronger, my spiritual force will naturally get stronger too! It’ll keep growing until one day the dark, golden ball vanishes!”

After that, Luo Feng started practicing bitterly and seriously according to the Nine Stage Thunder Blade instruction manual and the DVD that came with it.

The technique, ‘Liu Guang’, the Dao Yin technique ‘Nine Stage Hun Yuan’, and the blade technique, ‘Thunder Blade’.

And Luo Feng has already completed the first stage of the thunder blade in the wilderness!

“PU!”

“PU!”

Deep into the night, whenever Luo Feng does a chop, an uppercut, or a slash, he uses the force exertion techniques from the Nine Stage Thunder Blade. Each attack incorporates two stages of force exertion, which means that Luo Feng’s body’s muscles instantly exert another force each time.

Exerting another force instantly when slashing is a huge burden on your bones, muscles, cells, etc!

After practicing for around half an hour, Luo Feng became so tired that he couldn’t even move as he sat on the floor, the force exertions from the Nine Stage Thunder Bladeactually bring a tremendous burden on every portion of your body! After resting for five minutes, Luo Feng started practicing the Dao Yin techniqueNine Stage Hun Yuan, the originally exhausted body, as if relaxing in a hot spring, became comfortable and soft.

After practicing the blade and Dao Yin techniques, finally –

Luo Feng started undergoing the most basic genetic training technique that even the most powerful fighters of the world must follow: ‘Wu Xin Xiang Tian’.

“CHICHI~~”

After training, Luo Feng felt like every single cell in his body was starving. This caused the genetic energy he absorbed to be crazily swallowed up. Every time he practiced caused the limit to rise. One minute, two minutes….. as time went on, Luo Feng became more and more shocked. Finally, every cell in his body, as if stuffed with food, couldn’t absorb anymore.

“The amount of genetic energy I absorbed today is double the amount I absorbed in the past!” Luo Feng was completely astonished.

“The instruction manual said that, the more I practice theNine Stage Thunder Bladethe more genetic energy I’ll be able to absorb. I can’t believe it was this much!” Luo Feng didn’t think it would be this absurd, despite the instruction manual’s explanations.

When someone practices until they become so tired that they’re unable to move-

It means that there’s too much Ru acid in their muscles, which is when all the muscles in your body become tired! The body and many other cells didn’t really join in the exercise, but Luo Feng’sNine Stage Thunder Bladeforce exertions causes the body and cells to join in too.

Just like someone’s appetite becomes larger after exercising a lot.

When the body and cells use up lots of energy, their ‘appetite’ increases greatly, allowing them to absorb much more genetic energy!

“I’m only on the first stage and yet the amount of genetic energy absorbed increased by so much. How fast will I be after getting to the ninth stage? Not only will I be able to train quickly, but my blade’s power will also increase greatly. No wonder you can become the strongest fighter on the entire world. Number one speed and number one body fitness” gasped Luo Feng out of amazement.

What does it mean if your body fitness level increases quickly?

For Luo Feng, it means that the amount of spiritual force he’ll be able to handle will also increase greatly!

Starting from this day, Luo Feng approached his limits every day as he trained himself. And he finally found the best way to train, which is undergoing ‘Liu Guang’ as he swings his blade! The speed doesn’t have to be quick, but each slash and step has to be serious. After exhaustion, he starts training his Dao Yin technique.

After undergoing Dao Yin technique training, he would have restored quite a bit of strength.

He’ll once again train his technique and blade technique! And then undergo Dao Yin technique training again!

Only in the end will he start his genetic energy training. This method of training is the most efficient! This process takes around just six complete hours, which is also the best way for Luo Feng to raise his body fitness level!

Actually, with the help of the spirit reader’s large amount of spiritual force, his body fitness level naturally improves quickly. And Luo Feng is also training in the world’s ‘ultimate’ technique, the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, so his rate of improvement is even more startling. Luo Feng was improving every single day. In a blink of an eye, a month’s time has passed.

“HU!” “HU!” Each of Luo Feng’s swings caused powerful winds to form in the training hall, which naturally dissipated when hitting against the walls. This villa was designed by the Dojo of Limits, so naturally the training hall was carefully made.

“Hm? A call from the captain?”

Luo Feng walked to the side and picked up the phone.

“Luo Feng, it’s been about a month. Chen Gu, Wei Tie, and Wei Qing’s strength have increased by quite a bit after using the genetic medicine. I think that we should meet a bit?” asked Gao Feng through the phone. As of now, the strongest person in the fire hammer squad is actually Luo Feng. And Luo Feng’s position will become more and more stable in the future.

So Gao Feng asks for Luo Feng’s opinion first.

“Alright, we haven’t seen each other for a while” laughed Luo Feng as he nodded. This past month, he has been completely obsessed with training. However, his swift improvement indeed feels really great.

“Okay, let me see. We’ll go to the HR alliance market, since they have the best service” said Gao Feng, “When is a good time?”

“Hm…..”

Luo Feng’s heart suddenly skipped a beat as he remembered Xu Xin’s words–“In the next few days, school will start for me. But during college, I’ll be the manager here on Fridays and the weekend”.

“Captain, I think we should meet this Saturday” said Luo Feng.

“Saturday? Alright, this Saturday”.


Chapter 60: Ambition

Year 2056, October 7th, Saturday, the day where the five members of the fire hammer squad agreed to meet at the HR alliance market.

Noon.

A coupe with beautiful curves that gave off an air of elegance slowly drove into the HR alliance market’s plaza and stopped directly in front of the gate to the HR skyscraper’s lobby. Luo Feng, who was wearing a casual shirt, got off the car with Chen Gu. The doorman greeted them as they entered the first floor of the building.

“Alright, please wait sir”.

Luo Feng just stepped into the lobby and, with a glance, saw the professional Xu Xin in a white shirt at the far away bar smiling as she chatted with some fighters. She couldn’t help but to notice a shadow approaching the bar and, with a closer look, joy appeared in Xu Xin’s eyes.

“Luo Feng” yelled Xu Xin as she smiled.

“Xu Xin” Luo Feng smiled as he was next to the bar, “Give me a cup of pu-er tea. Oh yea, do you have time? For us old students to chat?”.

Xu Xin hesitated for a bit and then laughed as she asked the other waiter. She then walked out of the bar as she laughed: “There aren’t too many guests here today. Luo Feng, let’s go chat over there”. At this time, Chen Gu, who was sitting on a couch far away, gave Luo Feng a big thumbs up.

In a quiet corner of the bar, Luo Feng and Xu Xin sat face to face.

“Luo Feng, when did you come back from the wilderness? Did you just get back?” Xu Xin sat quietly as she held a tea cup. The green tea caused the transparent cup to give off a green light.

“I’ve been back for a while” answered Luo Feng.

Xu Xin let out a smile and couldn’t help but to laugh as she said: “You’ve been back for so long and you didn’t even come to see your old classmate. Or could it be….. you’re looking down on me? You’re the only person in my senior class that became a fighter, so I want to brag about you when you become famous one day”.

“Haha, Xu Xin, which college are you at now?” asked Luo Feng.

Luo Feng and Xu Xin, the two sat here as they chatted freely. They talked about some of the things going on in their lives right now. Even though Luo Feng had a crush on Xu Xin, which Xu Xin was aware of….. none of the two brought up that topic. They just sat here and chatted normally and quietly.

Luo Feng himself was quite satisfied with chatting normally.

At this time, a youth wearing a black shirt and black trousers walked out of the elevator. He glanced at the corner of the bar and saw Xu Xin and Luo Feng.

“Who’s Xin talking to?” frowned the youth as he looked carefully, “It seems to be….. Luo Feng who was an elite student in Xu Xin’s high school senior class?”. He knew a lot about those in Xu Xin’s high school and has looked over the data on the famous ones like Luo Feng and Zhang Hao Bai.

The youth let out a cold smile: “Xin has brought up Luo Feng at home when we were eating before. Looks like they have some sort of relationship”.

The youth quietly sat on the other side of the bar.

Luo Feng was having a good time as he chatted with Xu Xin, but it seemed that someone from the bar was calling Xu Xin’s name. Xu Xin stood up and apologized: “Sorry, Luo Feng, I need to work now”.

“Don’t mind me” laughed Luo Feng.

“Xin, is this your friend?” at this time, a man’s voice rang. Luo Feng turned his head and saw a handsome youth who looked kind of similar to Xu Xin. The youth stood on the side as he smiled towards Xu Xin and then towards Luo Feng. Xu Xin was joyfully shocked: “Brother, you came to the market today too. Yes, this is my old classmate, Luo Feng. Brother, I need to go work now, so you can chat with Luo Feng”.

“Alright, go ahead” laughed the youth as he nodded, and then he turned his head towards Luo Feng, “Hello, Luo Feng. let me introduce myself. I am Xu Xin’s brother, Xu Gang”.

Brother?

If he can get Xu Xin, wouldn’t this guy be his brother-in-law?

“Hello” Luo Feng stood up to shake the other person’s hand.

“Hello, Luo Feng” laughed Xu Gang as he sat down, “I’ve heard of your name a long time ago in my sister’s high school and that there were only three elite members and that you were one of them! And I also heard from my sister that you’re officially a fighter now?”

Luo Feng laughed as he nodded.

“Ah, how amazing, an 18 year old fighter” praised Xu Gang, and then laughed, “Wasn’t my sister quite low-key in school?”

“Yea, no one could tell that her family is super rich” laughed Luo Feng. Xu Xin was indeed quite plain and quiet back then.

A smile bloomed on Xu Gang’s face: “Haha, well, my grandfather is worried about the madam of the family becoming spoiled. So he let her attend a normal school instead of an elite school so that she could be together with the general population and live with them! Now that I see it, my sister has indeed performed quite well”.

Luo Feng frowned a little, madam of the family? He already knew that Xu Xin was the madam of the Xu family.

“Didn’t my sister tell you about her family’s circumstances?” asked Xu Gang in a confused tone.

“She didn’t, but I know. The Xu family” smiled Luo Feng calmly, “One of the 12 families of the HR alliance in the country-” Luo Feng understood the meaning behind Xu Gang’s words. Xu Gang didn’t say it himself, but used another topic to bring this subject out–

Xu Xin is the madam of the Xu family!

“Oh, so you know” said Xu Gang thankfully, “Actually, even a large family like us has a large family’s troubles. For example, sometimes we can’t marry who we want to. Right now, quite a bit of gifted young men are going after my sister. Like Wang Xing Ping from Kyoto city, and the intermediate level warlord level fighter from our Jiang-Nan city that is just 21 years old, ‘Guo Hai’”.

Luo Feng was startled.

Others going after Xu Xin?

“That Guo Hai is quite cheeky” insulted Xu Gang as he shook his head, “Isn’t he just a warlord level fighter? What does he think he’s playing at. Our Xu family has quite the position on even an international level. How can we let the madam of our family marry an unpromising fighter? Maybe that fighter will just die in the wilderness someday”.

Luo Feng frowned.

“Luo Feng, don’t you agree? Fighters walk on the border of life and death, so they have a high chance of dying. How can I let the madam of our family marry a fighter, right?” laughed Xu Gang as he asked. After seeing Luo Feng’s expression, he laughed as he said, “Oh, don’t get the wrong idea. I’m not talking about you”.

Luo Feng was in an extremely bad mood.

Not talking about me?

This Xu Gang just has to bring this specific topic up, which is giving him a clear message–The madam of his Xu family has no chance of marrying a fighter that could just die to anything. So, Luo Feng, you better not get ahead of yourself.

“Actually” said Xu Gang thankfully, “Compared to that, I prefer that Wang Xing Ping more. Wang Xing Ping is the young master of the Wang family in Kyoto. The Wang family is also in control of large amounts of wealth. If he just stays home and gives the command, quite a bit of fighters will work for him, so he doesn’t have to risk his own life”.

“As a brother, I want my sister to live a stable life” sighed Xu Gang, “Compared to a fighter, young masters with large amounts of wealth are the perfect match for my sister”.

“Fighter?”

“For example, families like my Xu family and the Wang family, which one doesn’t have a crowd of warlord level fighters under them? And I don’t even have to mention the numerous warrior level fighters” laughed Xu Gang as he shook his head. Xu Gang clearly doesn’t care much about fighters. He cares even less about warrior level fighters.

He has the capital to do so!

As one of the 12 families of the HR alliance, they indeed have a large amount of warlord level fighters and an extremely massive amount of warrior level fighters.

“Luo Feng” a sound carried from far away.

Luo Feng turned his head and looked. Captain Gao Feng and the Wei Jia brothers have arrived and were sitting next to Chen Gu. Luo Feng laughed as he yelled: “Captain, I’m coming now”.

“Young master Xu Gang” Luo Feng laughed as he looked at Xu Gang.

“Hm?” Xu Gang let out a smile.

Actually, after saying that much, Xu Gang believed that his message has been clearly sent to the other person. His family even belittles a 21 year old intermediate level warlord level fighter. So you, Luo Feng, a rookie fighter should know his place and stop bothering my sister.

“Young master Xu Gang, your Xu family sure is great, being able to control a crowd of warlord level fighters” smiled Luo Feng, “However, I wonder if your Xu family can command a wargod fighter at will?”.

Xu Gang froze.

Wargod? How many of those are in Jiang-Nan city? His Xu family does have a wargod level fighter, but that’s just because the Xu family is coaxing that fighter with large amounts of money.

“I wonder if your Xu family would be able to meet an existence that surpasses a wargod?” followed Luo Feng.

Xu Gang’s face became even worse.

An existence that surpasses the wargod level, like the strongest fighter, ‘Hong’. An existence that equals an entire army. Even if his family wants to meet the strongest fighter on earth, they don’t have the right to. And don’t even talk about trying to equal them.

Compared to “Hong” and “Thunder God”, the Xu family is just like an ant!

“Young master Xu Gang, we count as friends, so I’ll remind you….. don’t look down on fighters” Luo Feng looked at Xu Gang. Xu Gang treated him with no respect, so why should Luo Feng respect him?

After saying that, Luo Feng turned his head and walked away.

The cold air from the lobby’s air conditioner was calming while the soft music was flowing like a river. However, there was fire in Luo Feng’s heart, “For example, families like my Xu family and the Wang family, which one doesn’t have a crowd of warlord level fighters under them? And I don’t even have to mention the numerous warrior level fighters”. Xu Gang’s words repeated over and over again in Luo Feng’s head.

“Xu Gang!”

“Didn’t you say all of this to get me to back off and stop going after your sister?” Luo Feng’s gaze was cold, “Don’t worry, I, Luo Feng, will definitely reach the peak of the fighters! A fighter that is treated equal by a government’s army! At that time, I’ll have your Xu family accept me with smiling faces!”

Of course, he’ll go after Xu Xin……

However, he’ll have the Xu family accept him with smiling faces and a low profile as they do!

“Fighters, are the ultimate power of the world!”

“The so called super families, in front of the strongest fighters, are just scum!”

In this moment!

The noon of year 2056, October 7th!

Luo Feng’s first contact with Xu Gang caused his ambition to begin!


Chapter 61: 231

As he saw Luo Feng leave, Xu Gang lightly sipped from the cup in his hands and added: “Luo Feng, oh Luo Feng. I was being polite and tried to leave you with some face by saying this! I hope you understand….. that if you continue to bother my sister, you can’t blame me for using certain tools!”

Xu Gang laughed as he finished drinking the wine in his cup.



“Xin, I have some stuff to do, so I’ll be going first” said Xu Gang to Xu Xin at the bar, and then left the lobby.

Third floor of the HR alliance market, one of the rooms in a tea house.

“Luo Feng” laughed Chen Gu, “You chatted with Xu Xin for such a long time. To me, it seems that she’s a bit interested in you. Seems like it won’t be too hard for you to get her! And then Xu Xin’s brother came and chatted with you for such a long time. Could it be that it’s because he recognizes you as a ‘brother-in-law’?”.

Me as a brother-in-law? Luo Feng couldn’t help but to laugh, since brother Chen didn’t hear what Xu Xin’s brother, ‘Xu Gang’, said.

“Don’t speak nonsense, it’s mainly because we used to be classmates in the past” laughed Luo Feng.

Gao Feng couldn’t help but to laugh as he said: “Since you guys used to be classmates, then that makes it even easier for you. Don’t you see that many of the couples that get married now used to be classmates?”.

“Yea, Luo Feng, keep at it” encouraged Wei Tie dramatically as he laughed, “That girl Xu Xin is really quite good. Quite a few fighters compliment the manager of the underground alliance’s bar on fridays and weekends. Perverts all over try to play at this manager, but they’re too scared given her background”.

Luo Feng laughed.

Play at the madam of the Xu family? The people with those kinds of thoughts in their head probably won’t even know how they died.

“Captain, let’s not talk about this” laughed Luo Feng, “Let’s talk about the important things”.

“Alright” laughed Gao Feng, “Hey, you three. How are your body fitness levels going?”.

Wei Tie put down his tea cup and was the first to speak: “Captain, my fist strength is around 9650 kg, my speed is 102 m/s, and my reaction speed test results qualify for a ‘beginner warlord’”.

“Hm, so you count as a beginner warlord now” nodded Gao Feng.

“Captain” Wei Qing also spoke, “My fist strength is around 9510 kg, my speed is 106 m/s, and my reaction speed test results qualify for a ‘beginner warlord’”.

Both Gao Feng and Luo Feng slightly nodded.

“Haha, it’s my turn” laughed Chen Gu, “My fist strength is around 7100 kg, my speed is 81 m/s, and for my reaction speed test results, I got excellent for a ‘beginner warlord’”.

“Brother Chen’s reaction speed is so quick” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to praise.

Gao Feng laughed: “He uses guns, so he already possessed a quick reaction speed in the first place. With the help of the genetic medicine this time, it became even faster. Looks like you can use guns with an even higher rate of fire now”. It was quite rare for the reaction speed of a fighter that used heated weapons to reach the beginner warlord level.

And Chen Gu got a grade of excellent for a beginner warlord.

“Alright, you three. In conclusion, it seems that the effects of the genetic medicine are showing” Gao Feng looked at Wei Tie and Wei Qing, “Wei Tie, you brothers still have to keep working hard! Even though it’s been around a month, the effects of the genetic medicine haven’t completely disappeared yet. If you keep training, you can still get some of the effect out”.

“Understood” Wei Tie and Wei Qing nodded.

Gao Feng looked towards Chen Gu: “Old Chen, it’s time to change your machine gun”.

“Yea, it’s time to change it” nodded Chen Gu.

Chen Gu’s heated weapons are a machine gun and a heavy sniper rifle. The fastest rate of fire his machine gun is capable of is 300 rounds per minute, which is five rounds per second! With Chen Gu’s old reaction speed, he could make four of these rounds hit four monsters’ heads, and the final round will hit the fifth monster’s body.

In other words…..

For Chen Gu, his machine gun is basically firing at nonmoving targets! This requires a horrifying level of reaction speed. Chen Gu’s reaction speed is probably hundreds to thousands of times higher than the people before the Grand Nirvana period, so it’s not weird that he is able to do this.

“I’ll probably get a type RG112 heavy machine gun. It has a caliber of 12.7 mm and carries immense power” Chen Gu’s eyes lit up, “The fastest rate of fire it can reach is 1500 rounds per minute. This machine gun is basically the gun with the highest rate of fire that a fighter who uses heated weapons can use. If the rate of fire increases even more, then there’s no point”. As of now…..

There are machine guns with rate of fires that can reach 7000 to 8000 rounds per minute. Some can even go above 10,000 rounds per minute!

However, that’s not efficient.

For Chen Gu’s current reaction speed, he can make sure that all 10 bullets fired in one second will hit the head of a monster. This is efficient!

“Old Chen, buy your gun and then practice with it. Make sure you get used to it” Gao Feng slightly smiled as he nodded, “Wei Tie, you brothers should also train at home. Even though your body fitness levels rose, you still need to transform that power into fighting strength. Make sure you’re able to completely use every ounce of power”.

“No worries, captain” nodded Wei Tie and Wei Qing.

Luo Feng let out a smile as he watched this scene.

This is how the fighters of China think–You should find a way to completely turn your power into fighting strength!

“Control your power skillfully” is how people in the east think. The westerners also have their own way of thinking. As of now….. the strongest fighter on earth, ‘Hong’, is Chinese.

The second strongest fighter, ‘Thunder God’, is mixed between the east and west. However, he also has some Chinese blood in him. Some of the thoughts in Chinese martial arts are very popular in today’s society of fighters.

“Captain, brother Chen, brother Tie, brother Qing” Luo Feng looked at the group and laughed as he said, “I’ve bitterly trained at home for a month and I can feel that my strength has increased by quite a bit. However, I feel that the best way for me to improve my techniques is to fight against monsters!”. No matter how you swing your blade at home, you’re just imagining your opponent.

That way of practicing can never compare to real combat experience against a real monster.

“So, I’m going to go into the wilderness alone and practice my technique and blade technique” said Luo Feng.

“What, alone?” the faces of Gao Feng, Chen Gu, and the others instantly changed.

“Yes” laughed Luo Feng as he nodded.

Actually, he already had these thoughts before, but he wasn’t completely certain. The words from Xu Gang have touched him. If he wants to become the strongest fighter on earth…… then he has to be decisive! So Luo Feng decided to use the most efficient way to improve his skill.

“That’s too dangerous” said Gao Feng.

“No, captain. I’m just going to the #0231 country level city next to the military’s resupplying base to train myself” explained Luo Feng, “I won’t be going to any of the other larger cities”.

“#0231 country level city? Next to the resupplying base?”

Gao Feng, Chen Gu, and the Wei Jia brothers all let out a sigh of relief. The monsters surrounding the resupplying base are pretty weak. Monsters like horde leader level ones wouldn’t dare to stay in a city right next to the military’s resupplying base. So….. most of the monsters in the cities surrounding the resupplying base are soldier level. There are a few commander level monsters, but they are mostly ‘low level commanders’. Even ‘intermediate level commanders’ are very rare. Since there are barely any commander level monsters, each commander level monster has hundreds to thousands of soldier level monsters under its command.

Since there are gigantic hordes of soldier monsters and barely any commander level monsters, how do the fighter squads kill them?

You can say–

Strong fighter squads wouldn’t even bother with these kinds of cities, since there’s not much of an incentive.

“Since that city is near the resupplying base” laughed Luo Feng, “I can hunt during the day to improve my blade technique and return to the resupplying base at night to rest”. Since it’s near, and with Luo Feng’s speed, he can naturally go back and forth between the country level city and the resupplying base.

“That #0231 country level city indeed doesn’t have any strong commander level monsters. However, there are a ton of soldier level monsters” Wei Tie couldn’t help but to say, “If you get surrounded…..”

“Tie, would Luo Feng even be afraid of being surrounded?” laughed Chen Gu.

Wei Tie and Wei Qing froze, and then laughed.

Monster hordes are horrifying, but spirit readers are the group of people that are least afraid of them. Not only can they attack them from the front, but just with their spiritual force, they can jump all the way to the top of an apartment building. Monsters can jump pretty high, but how can they compare to a spirit reader than can fly?

“Good idea” Gao Feng couldn’t help but to praise, “Luo Feng, even I feel like practicing with my hammers now. However…… I don’t have the power to guarantee that I’ll survive in a horde”.

“Luo Feng, when are you going to leave?” asked Chen Gu.

“If nothing happens, I’m going to prepare today and then leave tomorrow” laughed Luo Feng, “Captain, send me a message when you guys are ready to leave to the wilderness”.

On the path of the strong, it takes one bitter step at a time to get to the peak!


Chapter 62: Lurking Killer

Since he decided to enter the wilderness, Luo Feng naturally doesn’t hesitate anymore. Afternoon in Yang-Zhou city’s Ming-Yue sector, Luo Feng told his dad, mom, and brother about his plans. Ever since Luo Feng decided to become a free fighter, his father and the others have mentally prepared themselves for the fact that Luo Feng will be leaving the city often.



Night, the starry light shone through the square shaped glass in the training hall.

A video was playing on the white wall of the training hall. In the video, someone was fighting against a huge bear monster that was around 8 or 9 meters tall. As the man fought with the monster one on one, the sturdy trees fell, the mountain rocks split apart, and the ground cracked. It was a horrifying scene of destruction.

The man was as fast as lightning and a sound of thunder was hidden in his blade.

The video’s explanation echoed through the training hall. This is one of the videos in the discs that came with theNine Stage Thunder Blade instruction manual.

“An A rank monster, ‘Boulder Bear Statue’. Even with its gigantic body, its speed still reaches the speed of sound!” Luo Feng listened to the explanation with his heart in shock. This is a clip of a professional who has trained in the ways of theNine Stage Thunder Bladeand was fighting against the A rank monster ‘Boulder Bear Statue’. The boulder bear statue ranks number two out of the bear type monsters.

According to the level classifications–

H level, G level, and F level are soldier levels.

E level, D level, and C level are commander level monsters, low level, medium level, and high level respectively.

B level, A level, and S level, are horde leader level!

This boulder bear statue is a medium level horde leader, whose power is unrivaled. Even a cannon can’t blast open its rock-like skin that’s tougher than diamond! With such a huge body, its speed still manages to reach the speed of sound. Of course it’ll be classified as horde leader……

It’s not much for its speed to reach the speed of sound. However, the power that boulder bear statue holds is much more horrifying.

“BOOM!”

After a bit, with a sound like rumbling thunder, the gigantic head of the boulder bear statue directly flew in the air.

“Are you done recording? When we get back, sell it. And don’t forget the copyright fees” teased the powerful fighter who just killed the ‘Boulder Bear Statue’. The sound carried throughout the training hall. As for his face, it was clearly edited and very blurry, so nobody could tell who he was.

KA!

As the video ended, the screen on the wall returned to the menu, where there were large amounts of channels available.

“I wonder when I can get to the point where I can kill even a boulder bear statue in one slash!” thought Luo Feng to himself. The super strong fighter’s battle with the boulder bear statue was turned into a video, which showed that he was very confident he could easily kill the ‘Boulder Bear Statue’. He’s probably an advanced level wargod.

The discs that came with the Nine Stage Thunder Bladeare prohibited on quite a few channels.

Quite a few channels on powerful fighters are about training in the way of theNine Stage Thunder Blade. However, out of all the channels, only one of them has ‘Thunder God’ himself in it. The video about Thunder God showed him training by himself in a training hall. With just a simple training scene like that, Luo Feng couldn’t tell what was so special about it.

“Clearly, there are quite a few powerful fighters training in the way of theNine Stage Thunder Blade all around the world” Luo Feng looked up towards the sky out of the square shaped glass, and saw the limitless starry sky.

Starting from tomorrow, he’s going to start his bitter training.

With a heartbeat, he turned off the projector in the training hall and went to the first floor.

The door to his brother’s room on the first floor wasn’t completely shut. With a glance, Luo Feng saw his brother, on his wheelchair, in front of his computer desk. However, he wasn’t looking at his computer, but had his head lowered and was playing with his cell phone.

“Luo Hua” Luo Feng lightly knocked.

Luo Hua raised his head and turned towards Luo Feng at the door, and couldn’t help but to say: “Brother, you don’t even knock anymore?”.

“You’re the one that didn’t close the door completely” laughed Luo Feng as he entered and closed the door behind him, “What’re you doing? Texting with your girlfriend?”.

“Yea”

Luo Hua let out a smile, laughed, and nodded.

After Luo Feng saw his brother’s goofy look, he could clearly tell that Luo Hua truly liked the girl named Xiao Nan. What this Xiao Nan looks like…… Luo Feng wasn’t too sure either. However, when dad and mom push his brother’s wheelchair to the park, they see the one named Xiao Nan. And it seems like she left a pretty good impression.

His parents have way more experience in life and are better at judging a person. If they think she’s good, then that Xiao Nan is probably actually good.

“Has Xiao Nan brought you to meet her parents?” asked Luo Feng.

“It’s way too early for that” laughed Luo Hua as he shook his head, “Xiao Nan is only a freshman in college this year, so she still has three or four years left before graduating. Xiao Nan isn’t in a rush to tell her parents. And….. I’m handicapped. Xiao Nan probably has to think of some way to tell her parents; it’ll be troublesome to just tell them directly. Most parents don’t want their daughters marrying handicapped people”.

As he looked at his brother’s bitter face, Luo Feng’s heart hurt a bit.

His handicapped status…… is the scar on his brother’s heart. No matter how tough he acts, he can’t act with complete confidence in front of Xiao Nan. In other words, he has low self-esteem!

“Hm, well, keep at it. I’m sure her parents will be understanding” comforted Luo Feng, “There’s no rush anyway”.

……

That night, Luo Feng chatted with his brother for quite a bit. After a good nights rest, he was fully equipped with his backpack, shield, and blade by dawn and was ready to head into the wilderness. And this time, alone!



Jiang-Nan city, northern military sector.

After the train stopped at the military’s station, Luo Feng and some other fighters got out of the train carriage.

“The wilderness” Luo Feng took in a deep breath as he took the trail to the resupplying base alone. Very quickly, he arrived at the resupplying base.

“Luo Feng, just you?”

The guardsman at the resupplying base’s gate looked at the message displayed by the scanner and then looked towards Luo Feng with a shocked expression, “You were with the fire hammer squad before. How come you’re alone now? Coming to the wilderness alone is very dangerous”.

“Haha, am I looking for death? I’ve been to the wilderness before, so I know the dangers. Hurry and give me the key” laughed Luo Feng.

“You have a point, you’ve been here before so you know the dangers”.

The guardsman laughed as he handed over a key, “H322. Since you’re alone, I gave you a small sized villa”. The fire hammer squad went to a larger villa, since they were a squad. One person naturally doesn’t need that much space.

“Oh yeah, the name’s Wang. It’s fine if you call me brother Wang. Luo Feng, if you ever get any materials from monsters, you’re welcome to sell them to me. I’ll be sure to give you a satisfying price”.

“Alright”

Luo Feng received the key and headed towards his villa.

Beside the window on the second floor of one of the villas in the resupplying base, a few men were looking down as they watched Luo Feng walk past.

“It’s Luo Feng!”

“It’s Luo Feng from the fire hammer squad. Captain, should we take this chance to take him out?”. The one who said that was indeed Zhang Ze Hu of the tiger fang squad.

The tiger fang captain walked beside the window and looked down silently. Luo Feng quickly left his field of vision. The tiger fang captain coldly said: “How come he’s alone? Did you guys see the other members of the fire hammer squad?”.

“We didn’t see them” the other members of the squad shook their heads.

“Luo Feng’s alone” said Zhang Ze Hu confidently, “I saw him enter the resupplying base’s gates alone; I didn’t see anyone else with him”.

With that, Zhang Ze Hu’s eyes lit up: “Captain, we were the ones who made the first move against the fire hammer squad. Most importantly, the fire hammer squad knows that we were the ones who did it, so we’re enemies now. You said so yourself, that we need to completely destroy this enemy to stop them from threatening us anymore”.

“Yea” the others nodded in agreement.

The most dangerous thing about making a move on others in the wilderness isn’t the act itself, but the chance of them surviving and finding out who did it!

“Don’t rush”

The tiger fang captain spoke coldly, “Yes, we have to destroy them completely. When we get the chance, we have to obliterate the fire hammer squad. However….. Luo Feng is alone. He’s just a normal warrior level fighter! Once he enters the wilderness, he’s sure to stay in a safe area”.

“It won’t benefit us much to kill him. In fact, it’ll just stir them up”

The other squad members nodded in agreement. What the captain said made sense.

“The person who poses the largest threat against us is actually twin hammer Gao Feng!” said the tiger fang captain seriously, “Gao Feng himself is quite strong; he’s about my level. And he’s been in this field for ten or so years already, so he has many connections and knows quite a bit of strong people…… If he really goes all out on us, we will suffer too!”.

“So, don’t act unless completely necessary. If we act, we have to kill Gao Feng first! After that, we can take out the little shrimps” said the tiger fang captain indifferently.

Clearly, the tiger fang captain didn’t take the other members of the fire hammer squad seriously at all.

“The captain’s right” nodded Zhang Ze Hu. After that, he laughed coldly as he glanced out, “We’ll graciously let this shrimp Luo Feng live for just a bit longer”.

……

In the H322 villa of the resupplying base, there were three bedrooms, two lobbies, and one large bathroom. Luo Feng took off his equipment, took a bath, and then put on a relaxing robe.

“Hello, I’d like a portion of the #12 meal with three dishes and soup. Also, change the drink to tea” Luo Feng hung up and laid on the sofa.

“After lunch, I’ll head out towards the #0231 country level city” Luo Feng’s heart suddenly skipped a beat, “I’m going to train bitterly for around two months, going back and forth between the city and the resupplying base. I might bump into the tiger fang squad sometime. Hmph, if I see them, I’ll follow them secretly!”.

Right when he thought about their act towards his squad, Luo Feng’s heart was filled with unlimited killing intent! This kind of killing intent has no hesitation at all.

“When we get to the wilderness, I’ll directly obliterate them” Luo Feng’s gaze scanned the area outside of the window, “Tiger fang squad…… I hope that I’ll be able to bump into you guys during these two months!”.

As for the tiger fang squad, Luo Feng didn’t take them seriously at all.

With his current strength, it’ll be enough to destroy the entire tiger fang squad!


Chapter 63: Bloody Training

After eating lunch, Luo Feng put his battle uniform on, carried his shield and blade on his back, and inserted the eight 6th series throwing knives and two 9th series throwing knives into the pockets on his thighs. After that, Luo Feng left the fighter resupplying base.

Today was a dark day.

“The air is quite fresh though”. Without wielding his blade, Luo Feng headed into the wilderness. The piece of wilderness in front of him was probably farmland in the past. However, after a few decades, it has been filled with weeds. Luo Feng searched for a path with the shortest weeds to continue on.

After getting past that part and walking for around half an hour on the old, ruined highway, he arrived at the #0231 country level city.

“PU!”

Luo Feng cut off the tail of a lion mastiff, took the tendon out, and then put the tendon in his bag. From the resupplying base to the country city, in just a short trip of 100 miles, Luo Feng already killed around a dozen normal soldier level monsters.

“Free training every day where I can even earn money off of it. Where would you find something like that?” smiled Luo Feng slightly as he continued to walk in a ruined residential sector. There were quite a few monsters lurking around in this deserted sector. Luo Feng raised his head and spotted a monster’s shadow on the third floor of a residential apartment in front of him.

“Officially begin training!”

Luo Feng ferociously stepped on the floor, causing a rumbling sound and splitting open the concrete floor, and flew towards the balcony of that third floor like a cannon ball.

Days of slaughter, begin!

……

After a few days, most of the monsters in the city have already perished since Luo Feng started lurking in this #0231 country level city. Unlike other monsters, Luo Feng doesn’t kill them immediately. He’ll first fight with them for a bit for practice and then take action! Luo Feng always brings a bulging bag of the most important materials from the monsters back to the resupplying base.

The resupplying base’s Wang Wei was also very astonished by Luo Feng’s efficiency.

Luo Feng’s 3rd day of training.

“Hm, looks like you killed 198 monsters today, around a dozen less than yesterday. And most of these are high level soldiers. I’ll round it up for you, 1.5 million, how’s that sound?”.

Luo Feng’s 7th day of training.

“Damn, Luo Feng, you’re crazy. You killed 210 monsters today too? Hm, I’ll give you a price of 1.6 million! It’s not like we only traded once or twice, so I’ll tell you now brother: killing soldier level monsters isn’t that easy! Many of them form hordes, so you won’t be so successful every time. Make sure you don’t get surrounded”.

Luo Feng’s 16th day of training.

“Crazy*, 182 monsters, just around average today? However, the quality of the materials are pretty good, and there are even snake type monsters. Hm, I’ll give you 1.5 million”.

*TL note: As in Luo Feng’s nickname.

Luo Feng’s 21st day of training.

“Crazy, tell me, have you found a certain location where soldier level monsters act independently? And when you kill them, another one will quickly appear?”.

……

The fighter resupplying base wasn’t that large, so it was impossible to hide. Rumors about Luo Feng quickly spread around the entire resupplying base, about a crazy person who kills soldier level monsters every day for money! Using quantity over quality. One low level commander level monster could be worth around 10 million, but you can quickly catch up to that price with a thousand high level soldier level monsters.

However–

Killing a thousand high level soldiers is much more difficult than killing one low level commander!

Most soldier level monsters act in hordes, so it’s extremely rare to find them acting independently.

“That crazy Luo Feng, he’s killing soldier level monsters like mad. How does he do it? How is he able to kill so many in a day?”

“Who knows. And even if someone knew the secret, who’d be willing to tell. However, I heard that he’s able to earn around a million every day, nearing two million. If this goes on, he’ll be able to make 50 to 60 million in a month! In a year, that’s 500 to 600 million, which is comparable to powerful warlord level fighters”.

“365 days a year, killing soldier level monsters like crazy every day? No human can take that”

“Don’t know, but that crazy has been going on like this for a month”

There were tons of people discussing about Luo Feng in the resupplying base.

For the warrior level fighters, they admired Luo Feng. Warrior level fighters aren’t able to make money that easily. Even advanced warriors like Zhang Ze Hu and the Wei Jia brothers only make around 50 to 60 million in a year. For the beginner and intermediate levels, 10 million a year is pretty good. And Luo Feng earns 50 to 60 million in just one month!

Crazy!

Of course, for the warlord fighters, they’re just amazed for a bit. They wouldn’t waste their time on things like this.

As for the powerful wargod fighters that occasionally enter the resupplying base, they would just sigh: “This kiddo is quite crazy. Interesting”.



11/29/2056, the sky was dark and the winds were harshly blowing.

On the first floor in some city market, ten huge horned boars were howling as they continuously mobbed one youth. The howling kept rumbling throughout the city and a few shelves were already smashed into pieces. The horned boars were completely enraged and attacked crazily!

The youth had a hexagonal shield in one hand and a ghost blade in the other. He swayed like a butterfly while his movements caused a few afterimages to appear.

One word, quick!

“Attack!”

Luo Feng, who kept dodging, instantly moved the ghost blade in his hand. In this instant, a few slight sounds like thunder could be heard. Oh, indeed, they said that once your blade reaches a certain level, the air around it will start making this sound. The blade drew across the neck of every horned boar with unrivaled accuracy. Combining that with his footwork caused the power to be even more amazing.

Even though there were many horned boars, only two or three could attack Luo Feng at the same time.

Every time he killed one or two, Luo Feng was always able to use the corpses of the monsters to find some opening and avoid getting slammed by the monster horde. Even many warlord fighters can’t handle their surroundings so accurately.

“PU!”

The fresh blood of the horned boar shot out like water from a fountain. In just a moment, half of the couple dozen horned boars were killed, and another ten horned boars ran away after things turned bad.

“This isn’t good. If it’s not a high level soldier, it’s not worth money” Luo Feng picked out 19 high level soldiers out of all the corpses of the horned boars. He cut off their horns and put them into his bag, “The horns of a high level soldier are worth around 8,000 dollars if I sell them to the underground alliance”.

As for the other corpses of the horned boars, Luo Feng was too lazy to bother with them.

However, Luo Feng didn’t really like collecting the horns of the horned boars. Not only were they a bit heavy, but their prices were just average. Since his bag has limited space, he only collects materials from around 75% of the monsters he killed. The actual number of monsters he killed every day was over 300.

It couldn’t be helped, who was the one that made the reproduction rate of the boar type and dog type monsters so high.

After leaving the city that reeked of blood, Luo Feng came to the roof of a normal six story residential apartment to rest.

“After training for the past 50 days, my technique barely steps into the ‘Ru Wei class’”. Luo Feng didn’t use all of that training to just kill. Every time he fought with a small group of monsters, Luo Feng first undergoes technique training, and then he kills them.

This way, Luo Feng’s efficiency would be very high.

Of course…… in the past 50 days, Luo Feng was in danger around 20 or so times. Since the howls of the dying monsters occasionally attracts even more monsters. Facing a few hundred to even over a thousand enraged monsters, Luo Feng could only use his spiritual force to flee in panic!

You could say, without his spiritual force, Luo Feng would’ve died around 20 times already!

But it was because he possessed his spiritual force that Luo Feng was able to use such an insane training method. For over 8 hours a day every day, he’s surrounded by large amounts of enraged monsters! The effects of one day of Luo Feng’s training could equal a month of an average fighter’s training in the wilderness. And an average fighter only enters the wilderness a few times a year.

With these 50 days of training, along with the Liu Guang technique from theNine Stage Thunder Blade, Luo Feng finally barely steps into the ‘Ru Wei class’.

“My technique steps into the Ru Wei class”

“However, my blade is still only on the first stage of the thunder blade”. Luo Feng constantly tried to unleash the second stage, but unfortunately, he couldn’t! However, who knows how much more control Luo Feng has over his power. Know that…..

In the past 50 days, Luo Feng killed over ten thousand monsters!

Ten thousand monsters. Most fighters wouldn’t kill that many monsters in their entire lives. Such an enormous amount was what created Luo Feng’s precise, clean, and sharp blade technique!

The biggest thing Luo Feng gained from the past 50 days was experience. The experience of fighting on the border of life and death, remaining calm, and making decisions! Now he is able to calmly find a chance in a battle to the death, and attack! Every fighter training in the Ru Wei class possesses this ability.

“It’s already 5 PM, time to go back”

Luo Feng took a look at his tactical communications watch, and directly jumped off the roof with his backpack on his back……

A few moments later.

Luo Feng was in a pretty good mood as he walked along the highway. Suddenly, he felt a tremor and couldn’t help but to turn his head. What he saw were three shadows panicking as they sprinted far away on the highway. Sometimes they would sprint and sometimes they would leap over 10 meters far; these shadows were extremely quick!

“The one running in front is…… Wan Dong?”

With a glance, Luo Feng recognized one of the three that were running. He was precisely the Wan Dong that was the only one in the fighter combat exam able to compete with him!

And behind them were a dark mass of monsters. Each of the monsters were only around 30 cm large, just barely larger than a human’s palm. However, these little monsters formed a sea of monsters, causing Wan Dong and the other two to drop their blades, shields, etc. and sprint for their lives!

“A rat tide?” Luo Feng was shocked. Even a wargod level fighter has no chance of surviving after being surrounded in the infinite rat tide, also known as the rat disaster.


Chapter 64: Grade 3 Rat Tide

The black rat tide seemed infinite, and was wide enough to cover the whole highway. It seemed to stretch on for over 100 meters. With each rat monster being 30 cm in length, there were definitely over ten thousand monsters in this rat tide. And this rat tide counts as a small one. Even a wargod will die if he gets caught in it!

So Luo Feng only had one choice……

“Run!” Luo Feng immediately started sprinting on the highway.

“HU, HU, HU~~”

Wan Dong and the other two had threw away their blades, shields, and other weapons a long time ago. Each of them were sprinting as the rat tide behind them chased incessantly. The distance between them shortened from 20 meters, to 15 meters, 14 meters, 13 meters…..

“Fuck!”

“What’s taking the army so long!”

“If they don’t come soon, we’re dead”

Wan Dong and the others cursed in their hearts and clenched their teeth as they accelerated, increasing the distance between them and the rat tide. They directly pulled away to 30 meters. Only after that did Wan Dong and the other two start decelerating.

“I can’t run anymore”

“Me neither”

Wan Dong and the other two exchanged glances, and all of them were in bitter pain. Their maximum sprint speed is way faster than this rat tide, but since it’s their maximum, they won’t be able to maintain it for long! For example, it was pretty good for the humans before the Grand Nirvana period to run 100 meters in 10 seconds.

100 meters, in around 10 seconds.

But what about 1,000 meters? Can they do that in 100 seconds?

10,000 meters? Could they do it in 1,000 seconds? In fact, before the Grand Nirvana period, the record for the males 10,000 meter run was around 1,580 seconds.

Fighters now are the same. Wan Dong and the others can run 60 m/s in their maximum sprint speed, but they’ve been running for nearly half an hour now. Right now, they can barely keep up a speed of 40 m/s! Only when the rat tide nears them do they force themselves with their lives on the line to run faster!

Wan Dong and the others have ran about 300 miles! One could imagine how tired they are!

“Hurry up and come, army”

“This is pretty close to the resupplying base, how come the army still isn’t here” Wan Dong and the other two were starting to lose feeling in their legs; their muscles were too tired to run any faster.

And Luo Feng maintained an astonishing speed of 60 m/s while carrying his blade and shield. Wan Dong and the other two have used up most of their energy, but Luo Feng is still in peak condition! Luo Feng was already pretty far from the rat tide, so he quickly lost them.

“Eh?” with a glance, Luo Feng saw a deep blue shadow coming from far away in the sky. At first, he thought it was some sort of flying monster, but as the deep blue flying object neared, Luo Feng realized what it was. It was some sort of flat, round, saucer shaped military aircraft!

Most of the military’s aircraft are made in this shape, since it’s easier to attack and defend against flying monsters in the air.

“Army!”

“It’s the army’s aircraft!” the exhausted trio suddenly gave an excited yell, and each of them started accelerating.

Luo Feng, who was still sprinting, also slowed down. He raised his head and watched the military aircraft rush towards the monster horde. When it was around 100 meters above the ground, it started hovering perfectly above the monster horde. With Luo Feng’s eyesight, he saw a gigantic cannon come out of the bottom of the aircraft.

“RUMBLE~~~”

A neverending flame started ferociously shooting out the cannon, directly covering the rat tide below. The temperature of the flame was probably a couple thousand degrees, and most of the rat monsters were burned alive. Suddenly, the usually neat rat tide crumbled entirely. They ran in all directions while giving off horrified yells.

However, under the cage of flame, most of the rat monsters were directly burned to death. A portion of the rat monsters ran into the abandoned fields beside the highway, directly burrowed into the ground, and disappeared.

“You four fighters, a grade 3 rat tide has emerged in a thousand mile radius. Please return to the resupplying base. It’s not too late to come back to the wilderness after the rat tide alert has been called off” a sound carried from the aircraft. Suddenly, it split the air as it flew away, headed off to save the other fighters.

Wan Dong and the other two let out a deep, long breath.

“We’ve kept our lives”

“We were so close to being finished”. These three were extremely tired.

“Luo Feng” Wan Dong couldn’t help but to yell into the distance, “Anything to eat? Give us something to eat! To drink?”

Luo Feng laughed as he came over. The Wan Dong in front of him wasn’t cold and sullen like before. He was exhausted, and filled with joy! After sprinting for his life for around 300 miles, his body used up an astonishing amount of energy. Luo Feng took out a bag from the side pocket of his backpack and took out three balls: “These three are high energy candies, hm, and here’s a sack of water”.

Luo Feng handed them over, and each of them swallowed the high energy candy. The water in the sack was split up and quickly finished.

“Luo Feng, thanks” said Wan Dong thankfully, “Let me introduce to you. The one beside me is called Wang Ke. The other is called Jiang Tu”.

“I’ve long heard about Crazy’s famous name” said the handsome Wang Ke as laughed.

“Crazy, your one high energy candy tastes better than the most expensive delicacy. I was starving, but now I feel much more comfortable” said Jiang Tu, who had a huge beard.

Luo Feng walked and chatted with Wan Dong and the other two.

“How’d you guys encounter the rat tide? That military aircraft said, a grade three rat tide?” the city Luo Feng was in was too close to the resupplying base, so he didn’t have a chance to personally experience the rat tide.

“I’ve finally seen how powerful the rat tide is” Wan Dong couldn’t help but to say, “Before, we were resting on the rooftop of a residential apartment in a country city, but suddenly, large amounts of rat monsters appeared all over the entire city. It was truly infinite! We were so scared that we immediately used steel wires to escape from rooftop to rooftop, we didn’t dare to go down!”.

Luo Feng was astonished, he was completely able to imagine a scene with an uncountable amount of rat monsters appearing in a country city.

“Thankfully, our squad was in the suburbs of the country city. We clenched our teeth, picked an alley with the fewest rat monsters, and ran for our lives!”.

“However, on the way, we encountered another rat tide. We didn’t have a choice, our squad could only split up and run, making the rat tide split too! We were lucky, we ran to the highway and only a small rat tide was chasing us! While running, Wang Ke and I met this Jiang Tu guy. He pretty much went through the same experience we did”.

Wan Dong laughed bitterly as he said: “I wonder how captain and the others are doing”.

In a place with many streets and alleys, they could split up and run, causing the rat tide to split up too. However, they didn’t dare do such a thing on the highway, since only the abandoned fields were beside it. It’s harder for humans to sprint in these fields. And the geographical environment of the fields doesn’t really have much of an impact on the rat monsters.

That’s why everyone runs on the highway and aren’t willing to enter the abandoned fields.



Luo Feng and the others arrived in the fighter resupplying base. At this time, a large amount of fighters were gathered at the gate of the base.

“Crazy, I knew that you wouldn’t die”

“Crazy, did you see old Liu and the others in the #0231 country level city?”

As he walked into the resupplying base, quite a few fighters who recognized Luo Feng came to give their greetings and ask questions, since a rat tide explosion is an extremely dangerous case. Thankfully, this was just a ‘grade three rat tide’, so it wasn’t too dangerous. If it was the legendary grade one rat tide, then even the entire Jiang-Nan headquarters city would be in danger!

“Old Wang, have my captain and the others returned yet?” Wan Dong started asking around.

“Haven’t seen them”

“Your captain and the others aren’t back, it’s not recorded here”

……

Today was a sad day for the resupplying base. Quite a few fighters lost their lives. As for the three wargods that entered the wilderness today, one of them was actually surrounded by the infinite rat tide and was lost in it.

The rat tide crazily attacked with all they had, and….. killed a wargod!

Yes, today, a human wargod has fallen!

There aren’t just soldier level rat monsters in the rat tide, there are also commander level existences. And the leader of the rat tide is extremely intelligent, once they select a target, they’ll disregard everything else! It was said that while that human wargod was struggling, around ten skyscrapers were destroyed, causing millions of rat monsters to die.

Sadly, millions of rat monsters means nothing to the rat tide which contains billions.

Because of that……

This wargod died!

“RUMBLE~~~” the dark clouds rolled and the harsh winds covered the entire land. Sometimes, the sound of thunder could be heard, and with one of the thunder’s explosion, heavy rain started pouring.

On the rooftop of a villa in the resupplying base, Luo Feng sat on the balcony.

“Captain, I’m fine, I was pretty lucky. Didn’t get surrounded by the rat tide”

“Brother Chen, yea, I’m fine”

“Brother Tie, haha, you can hear my voice. Of course I’m fine”

Luo Feng received several phone calls, since a grade three rat tide event only appears around once a generation. Because of that, most of the fighters in Jiang-Nan city knew what happened. Every time a rat tide case occurs, or the even more horrifying ‘ant tide’, many human fighters die. In this case, a human wargod has fallen. A big loss to the entire Jiang-Nan city.

“Just a grade three rat tide caused so many people to die”

“Then what about the legendary grade one rat tide?”

“Or the legendary war between humans and monsters?”

The war between humans and monsters, is the war between two civilizations, the war between two races! Once the war begins, countless kinds of monsters appear. Ground monsters, all sorts of flying type monsters, monsters that use quantity of quality, monsters with immeasurable power, burrowing monsters, poisonous monsters, monsters with flying attacks and sound wave attacks……

The ground and the sky are covered with countless monsters. There are also burrowing monsters in the ground, and monsters in the lakes.

Things like the rat tide and the ant nest are just a portion of them.

This is the most horrifying war!

“Monsters are the enemies of us humans. Right now, the monsters have complete control over the sea. On the ground, humans have the advantage. However, monsters have the advantage in the sky! Humans are forced into headquarter cities and to counter attack from there!” Luo Feng never realized this in the past. He always felt like monsters were just being slaughtered by fighters, but today he finally realized……

Monsters are entirely capable of wiping humanity off the face of the earth.

If humanity goes extinct, what’s the point of talking about family, what’s the point of talking about cultures, ethics, and morals?

“My strength isn’t enough. Not even close to enough” Luo Feng gazed at the infinite sky and earth.

BOOM!

KA!

The thunder roared, and a flash of lightning came crashing down from the sky.

“Thunderbolt…..” Luo Feng stared at the lightning in the faraway sky and suddenly grasped something in his heart.


Chapter 65: Taken Shape

“BOOM! CRACKLE!”

Lightning bolt after lightning bolt came crashing down from the sky. Sometimes two flashes of light will wrap around each other like snakes in the sky to form a lightning bolt. Even a horde leader wouldn’t want to get hit by the almighty lightning bolt. The astonishing voltage would probably instantly turn them into dust.

“Fierce! Sharp!”

“Destroying everything!”

Luo Feng sat on the balcony of the rooftop as he muttered while watching silently.

With Luo Feng’s technique training these past days, his technique finally barely steps into the ‘Ru Wei class’. As for his blade technique, Luo Feng is only able to control his sword’s power. After killing over 10,000 monsters, and adding the amount of control that theNine Stage Thunder Blade already needs, Luo Feng’s current control over his blade is already way above Wei Tie and Wei Qing’s.

However…..

Luo Feng wasn’t able to complete the second stage of theNine Stage Thunder Blade. He has always wanted to complete the second stage. Know that this instruction manual is extremely powerful. The first stage gives you 140% of your original power, but the 2nd stage gives you 210%. It gives you a full 50% increase from the power in the 1st stage.

In other words, an advanced level warrior can wield the strength of a beginner level warlord!

And the ninth stage of theNine Stage Thunder Bladeis 700%, which is 7x the original!

An advanced warrior can wield the power of a beginner level warlord! This is the power of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade. However, the only person who has mastered all nine stages in the entire world is the creator, Thunder God.

“Yea, like this”

Luo Feng, who was always practicing his blade technique, watched the lightning before him. As he watched, he grasped something in his heart. After a short moment, he immediately went down to the 2nd floor to get his ghost blade. After that, with his ghost blade in hand, he started practicing in the heavy rain on the rooftop!

The lightning in the distance started dying down.

“According to the explanation from the instruction manual, every blade master has their own conception. According to the scroll, you have to raise the limits of your blade technique to advance in theNine Stage Thunder Blade”.

“This lightning bolt…..”

Luo Feng started swinging his blade over and over in the heavy rain!

XIU!

Unlike before, Luo Feng was trying to grasp the feeling in his heart while training. The feeling he felt when he watched the lightning bolts. The quick, explosive, and extremely concise feeling. Luo Feng’s blade drew a light as it slashed around.

“Burst, burst, burst out!” Luo Feng tried to follow the feeling in his heart to unleash another force from his body.

“It should be like this, but, how come I can only unleash the first stage and not the second?”

……

The rain was pouring, but Luo Feng was completely immersed in the world of his own blade; he had no time to worry about rain. And tonight, Luo Feng surprisingly didn’t undergo any ‘genetic energy’ training. He just kept unleashing theNine Stage Thunder Blade. However, doing this over and over again caused Luo Feng’s body to become very tired.

But Luo Feng didn’t want to stop. So every time he swung his blade, he simply paused a bit before swinging again.

……

Dawn of day two. The rain has stopped a long time ago and a faint glow started to appear from the sky in the east. The winter’s chill was already quite apparent at dawn, but Luo Feng, who was completely wet, hugged his blade as he sat on the balcony and frowned: “Just what am I missing?”.

Luo Feng himself thought that he should be able to unleash the second stage. Even the inner parts of his body were already starting to unleash a second force, but every time it seemed like it was about to come out, it fell short in the very end!

Just missing by a bit.

“DRIP!”

A droplet of rain fell right into a puddle on the balcony of the rooftop. The calm surface of the water rippled and gently spread to all directions.

“Hm?” Luo Feng felt something in his heart.

An idea appeared in his mind. The scene he witnessed with the destructive lightning bolts….. that was extremely sharp!

However, the ripples caused by a droplet of rain were extremely gentle.

“Just not for long!”

“Your body fitness level can only go so high. The ninth stage is there to give you an explosive strength seven times greater than your own. However, if you keep pushing towards that limit, how could your body withstand that?” Luo Feng eagerly stood up and, with his ghost blade in hand, directly slashed across the area in front of him. The blade moves relatively quickly in its first movement.

However, instantly add another force! And another! Add two of them consecutively!

The blade slashed across the air!

“RUMBLE~” a sound rang.

Luo Feng’s right arm, for an instant, basically bulged up for a bit, clearly becoming larger than his left.

“Just like that” Luo Feng retracted his blade and had a joyful smile on his face. Just like the smooth, gentle surface of water, the deepest parts of his body’s muscles naturally connected the two forces. And these two forces instantly increased the ghost blade’s speed to an amazing heights, like lightning!

Second stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, finally completed!

Just with his blade technique, Luo Feng is able to reach the strength of a low level warlord. Adding his Ru-Wei class technique to that, even a regular low level warlord wouldn’t be a match for him.

In extreme joy, Luo Feng ran down the stairs and immediately ordered breakfast through the phone. He happily and cheerfully finished his breakfast and prepared to undergo genetic energy training.

“Not right”

“My blade did get stronger, but it only has brute force” Luo Feng shook his head and immediately picked up his ghost blade again, “I am perfectly capable of controlling exactly when I exert the two forces. That way, I can make my blade less predictable”.

Luo Feng started swinging his blade in the training hall.

Since he exerts his force two more times, Luo Feng’s blade changes two more times. This is the difference between someone training in theNine Stage Thunder Blade and an average person.

“HU~HU~” the blade was weird and erratic.

Swing, and again!

The images of the lightning bolts crashing down from the sky kept appearing in Luo Feng’s mind. And the images of the water droplet causing the ripples, this was the feeling he was searching for everytime he swung his blade! He needs to find a blade technique for himself! The Nine Stage Thunder Bladesimply gives him a technique to increase his force.

Luo Feng needs to experience and find a blade technique that most suits him.

And he needs to conceive a technique that can let his body withstand the force of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade with no drawbacks.

……

Immersed in the creation of his technique, the fatigue of his muscles didn’t affect Luo Feng’s excitement at all. Every time he swung his blade, the technique became more and more erratic. The blade even occasionally made light shockwaves from the two faint vibrations it received when drawing through the air.

Luo Feng had no idea of how much time has passed…..

“XIU!”

The blade drew a light like lightning and like fog. It had some sort of feeling similar to a misty trance. But in just that instant, the blade, like a lightning bolt, disappeared.

“It’s that!” Luo Feng finally had a smile on his face. When he casually swung his blade, the muscles of his body were relaxed. He would then instantly exert a force and then go back to the relaxed state. Changing states like this over and over again will allow Luo Feng to be able to fight for a longer duration in battle.

“According to the instruction manual, I finally got past the basic part and started on the part of conception. I just barely touched the border though” Luo Feng was extremely happy.

What should I call my technique?

“Since I got my inspiration for this technique from watching lightning, I’ll call it…..”

“Thunderbolt!”

Luo Feng finally had his own technique.

“Even though my blade technique, thunderbolt, was just created, I’ll keep improving it in the future” said Luo Feng silently. He lowered his head and looked at his tactical communications watch. It was already 2 PM. From last night until now, he spent almost 20 hours practicing his blade technique.

“In just a few days, the fire hammer squad will assemble. My technique and my blade technique have improved, so I’ll go back and rest for a few days”. Luo Feng was in a joyful mood. After eating lunch, he gathered his things and got on a train headed to Jiang-Nan city from the resupplying base.

Around 50 days of training and killing over 10,000 monsters enabled Luo Feng’s technique and blade technique to reach new heights.

And the blade technique he created, ‘Thunderbolt’, has finally taken shape today.

Even though it was simple and plain, he created it when he was just 18 years old. Nobody could say what kind of level the blade technique, ‘Thunderbolt’, was capable of reaching.


Chapter 66: Skill Test

Yang-Zhou city’s Ming-Yue sector, Luo Feng’s home.

In the lobby, Luo Feng was currently merrily eating dinner with his parents and brother. Luo Feng only stayed in the wilderness for seven or eight days the first time he went. However, this time he was gone for nearly two months. Even though they kept in touch via phone, the joy of actually meeting Luo Feng way surpasses talking through a phone.

After dinner, Luo Hua’s room.

“Luo Hua, what are you writing?” laughed Luo Feng as he asked after seeing a word document on his brother’s laptop with a lot of words on it.

“Reviewing the losses in last month’s stock and patching up my theory on the stock market” laughed Luo Hua as he replied, “Brother, this main theory of mine actually took a few months to build up. However, to actually complete it will take much much longer than that”.

Luo Feng laughed: “Luo Hua, don’t tell me about this. I have no idea what you’re saying anyway. Oh yea, how have the stocks been the past three months?”.

“They haven’t been good, a huge drop of 10%. However, the stock I chose count as quality stocks, so with some manipulation, I was able to earn around 50% in the last three months” said Luo Hua with a face of confidence. After seeing that, Luo Feng also let out a smile. Actually, Luo Feng also researched a bit about stocks on the internet.

As of now, the stock market is completely globalized. However, the situations in each region are different. The stock market could entirely collapse and some regions could undergo inflation. Some places could be attacked by monsters and undergo astonishing deflation.

Under these random situations, it’s extremely hard to trade stocks.

“Oh, in other words, you earned 10 million?” said Luo Feng in a surprised tone. Since Luo Feng earned a lot from the ‘hunter’ three months ago, he lent his brother 20 million. Even though he had faith in his brother, it would be too risky to lend him too much money.

“Hm, pretty good”

Luo Feng took out his phone, quickly entered the internet bank, and made a transaction.

“BEEP!”

Luo Hua took out his phone and was shocked. He received a message saying that his balance has changed–“Your card ending in 3206 has increased by 50 million on 11/30 21:51.

“Brother, 50 million?” said Luo Hua out of shock as he looked towards his brother Luo Feng. 50 million was no small number. As of now, Chinese dollars are quite valuable. The exchange rate between the earth dollars is only around 3.5. Even for many rich Chinese businessmen and merchants, making them pull out 50 million isn’t too realistic.

“Luo Hua, keep working, I’m sure you can do it” laughed Luo Feng.

Luo Hua’s eyes flashed and he nodded seriously.

Controlling such a huge amount of money as he entered the stock market gave Luo Hua a sense of accomplishment. For a handicapped person like him, he has made the stock market his career a long time ago. He has played through all types of stocks since a few years ago, and is finally confident in what he does.

You can say, he already has the foundation of a master.

However, even a master can fail in the stock market. Because of this, there is a lot of psychological pressure.

“Don’t stay up too late” said Luo Feng as he laughed and went downstairs.

50 million, Luo Feng didn’t really mind. His training in the past two months has earned him over 80 million. The amount of money he made was admirable to many fighters, but unfortunately, they can’t learn Luo Feng’s method….. Luo Feng is a spirit reader. And if Luo Feng really wanted to make money, he could use his spiritual force to kill large amounts of commander level monsters.

……

Last night was stormy, but tonight, the stars were bright. The starlight shone through the glass in the second floor’s training hall. Luo Feng was swinging his ghost blade over and over again at an extremely high frequency. And every time he swung his blade, he pushed himself to his limit to unleash theNine Stage Thunder Blade, and since he bitterly practiced for 20 hours straight in the resupplying base, swinging his blade at an extremely high frequency would tire him out in just 30 minutes.

After that, Luo Feng would undergo his Dao-Yin technique training, ‘Nine Stage Hun Yuan’.

Finally, he would undergo the genetic energy training ‘Wu Xin Xiang Tian’.

“CHICHI~~” Luo Feng, who was undergoing ‘Wu Xin Xiang Tian’, sat cross-legged and couldn’t help but to let out a face of joy. He clearly felt that all the cells in his body were crazily gobbling up the cosmic energy, “After finishing the first stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, my training rate almost doubled! And now, after completing the second stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, every cell in my body became even more hungry and can absorb even more genetic energy”.

Time passed minute by minute.

After a while.

As if all the cells in his body joyfully burped, none of them could absorb anymore and were completely satisfied.

“After finishing the first stage, my training rate doubled! After finishing the second stage, even though my training rate didn’t raise as much as the first time, it still increased by around 30%!” Luo Feng was amazed. The Nine Stage Thunder Blade was indeed amazing and unrivaled. With that Dao-Yin technique, his training rate increased even more.

“I trained bitterly at home for a month and then trained in the wilderness for two more months. I wonder how much my strength has increased from these past three months” thought Luo Feng expectantly.

Indeed, Luo Feng was improving rapidly every single day for the past three months.

Since he’s a spirit reader, his spiritual force has been subtly making his body stronger. This is one reason why spirit readers grow so quickly. Also, Luo Feng is training in the Nine Stage Thunder Blade and has been fighting on the border of life and death for the past two months.

All three of these factors combined have made Luo Feng’s rate of growth around five to six times faster than an above-average fighter.

“I’ll go test for a bit in the Limit Hall tomorrow to see how strong I am”. Luo Feng wanted to see the results of his bitter training.



Dawn, around 5 AM. Luo Feng was headed towards the Limit Hall.

“Crazy, up so early?”. There were a few fighters doing their morning practice in the sector.

“Crazy, I heard you made a ton these past two months”

“You better treat us to something. Treat us brothers in this sector to a cheerful, good meal”

Quite a few fighters laughed as they gave their greetings.

Nobody knew much about Luo Feng’s huge earning from the ‘Hunter Silver Moon Wolf’, but quite a few people in the circle of fighters recognized Luo Feng from the crazy slaughtering he did. Killing 10,000 soldier level monsters in two months is indeed a ‘crazy’ battle record.

So getting the nickname ‘Crazy’ isn’t so weird.

Also, because of this, Luo Feng has gained much more respect from everyone. No matter how stupid someone is, killing 10,000 monsters will make you extremely experienced. Practice makes perfect.

“Alright, no problem, want to go tonight” laughed Luo Feng.

After entering the Limit Hall, a reception lady in the lobby saw Luo Feng and yelled: “Mr. Luo, so early, there aren’t even any people here yet. Would you like something to drink? I’ll arrange for it”.

“Not right now, but prepare some tea and dessert. I’ll eat it when I come down” laughed Luo Feng, and then he directly went up stairs.

Limit Hall’s sixth floor.

Luo Feng was extremely thankful as he looked at the gigantic training hall on the 6th floor. This was where he went through the prospective fighter exam. Who knew that, in a blink of an eye, that prospective fighter from before is now a true elite fighter. Luo Feng turned on the fist strength machine and the speed testing machine.

After turning on the speed tester, Luo Feng stood on the track.

“Let’s see my power”. Luo Feng, who was relaxed, instantly shot out with a “HU” sound like an arrow leaving its bow. In a blink of an eye, he rushed through the track and started slowing down.

Luo Feng looked at the speed tester, and the display showed–“78.6 m/s”

“Not bad” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed.

Normally, 60 m/s is what you would need for your body fitness level to reach an advanced level warrior. And 90 m/s is what you need to reach a beginner level warlord.

“Let me test my strength” Luo Feng walked in front of the fist strength testing machine, took in a deep breath, and let his force explode!

BOOM!

The fist smacked into the tester like a cannon ball and ferociously shook the whole thing, the display showed–‘6,121 kg’

Usually, 4,000 kg counts as an advanced level warrior. And 8,000 kg counts as a beginner level warlord. Of course, this is just a number that estimates your strength. Your true skill is determined not only by your body fitness level, but also by your record of slayed monsters.

Body fitness is just a portion of your strength.

“Now let’s test the Nine Stage Thunder Blade’s force exertion”. Luo Feng took in a deep breath and then suddenly opened his eyes. He exerted force through his feet, which caused the entire floor of the training hall to shake a bit. The powerful force instantly carried from his feet to his waist. KAKAKA~~ each section of Luo Feng’s spine held up, and the powerful force carried to his right arm.

At the same time, his waist and back let out two connected force exertions like the rippling on the surface of a puddle.

Connect!

Second stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, 210% power, explode!

As Luo Feng’s fist moved, it continuously accelerated. It brought along an explosive shock wave, as it directly smacked into the machine.

“BOOM~~” the target fell down and then slowly straightened itself again.

The display also paused for a bit before showing the number–“12,928 kg”

“Alright!” Luo Feng let out a smile on his face. 6121 times 2.1 is 12,854. However, fist strength is just an estimate, so it can be a bit higher or lower. In other words, Luo Feng’s full power nears 13,000 kg of force.

His actual body fitness level is an advanced level warrior’s.

However, with the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, he reaches the beginner level warlord. And he is way past the required 8,000 kg. A beginner level warlord’s fist strength is usually between 8,000 kg and 16,000 kg.

“Finally, let’s test my reaction speed”

Luo Feng entered the reaction speed testing room and switched it to the ‘beginner level warlord’ mode and set it to begin ‘in 5 seconds’. After pressing the red button, Luo Feng swiftly ran into the circle.

Inside the circle.

After around 5 seconds, “BEEP~~BEEP~~” the cannon of the reaction speed tester machine started rotating faster and faster until it reached an astonishing speed. After that, little rubber bullets shot out of the dozens of muzzles in the main cannon, which flew towards the red circle.

“So fast” Luo Feng stood in the middle of the red circle and started moving swiftly.

His steps were light, yet quick.

And very relaxed. If you could find someone who has the same reaction speed as Luo Feng, they probably wouldn’t be as relaxed as him, because….. Luo Feng’s technique has reached the ‘Ru Wei class’. With the Ru Wei class’ technique, Luo Feng is able to maximize his dodging ability.

PU! PU! Two bullets hit Luo Feng, but Luo Feng didn’t hesitate and kept dodging.

One minute later, the cannon stopped rotating.

Luo Feng then walked to the display and looked carefully: “Hm? 60 seconds, 21 hits, 0 contacts with the red light, excellent?” Luo Feng was amazed at this grade. He was actually able to receive a grade of excellent on a beginner level warlord’s reaction speed test! You can clearly see the results of the Ru Wei class!

Actually, this ‘reaction speed testing machine’ technically tests your dodging ability!

And your dodging ability is dependent on your speed, reaction speed, awareness, etc. However, this is the best way of testing it.

“78.6 m/s”

“Fist strength of 6,121 kg, I can make it near 13,000 kg at best”

“Reaction speed test, beginner level warlord, excellent!”

Luo Feng was extremely satisfied with the results. He was clear that his body fitness level should make him an advanced level warrior, but with help from the Nine Stage Thunder Blade and Ru Wei class, he’s able to make his attack power and reaction speed reach a beginner level warlord.

After testing, Luo Feng went downstairs cheerfully. In the lobby on the first floor, quite a few fighters were sitting and chatting.

“Crazy”

“Luo Feng” Chief instructor Wu Tong was also there and laughed as he said, “Did you come this early to watch the prospective fighter exam? You didn’t watch the past few times. Well, this time is good too, come and see how these rookies test. Maybe you can test them when the time comes?”.

Luo Feng froze.

Prospective fighter exam?

Yes, today is 12/1. Every first day of the month is the day of the prospective fighter exam.


Chapter 67: The wargod who passed away, ‘Lu Gang’

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to laugh. This world is indeed quite interesting. 5 months ago he was a member of the dojo that came here to test. At that time, his family still lived in a cheap home. In a blink of an eye, he’s now living in the Ming-yue sector and is easily making millions!

“You should still do the testing, uncle Wu. At that time, I’ll drop by and take a look” laughed Luo Feng as he sat on the side. A waiter immediately brought tea and desserts.

“Crazy” a dojo uniform wearing man, who was also an instructor at the Dojo of Limits, laughed as he said, “I heard that you killed over 10,000 monsters in the past two months? And that they were mostly high level soldier level monsters? Then have you reached the ‘beginner level warlord’ level?”

“Seems so” nodded the person beside in agreement.

Wu Tong also nodded: “There’s no way that an advanced level warrior could kill all these monsters so easily. Even if Luo Feng hasn’t reached the beginner level warlord level, he’s basically at that level. I remember that Luo Feng is training in the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, so it seems that the Nine Stage Thunder Blade has shown its effect”.

Luo Feng froze.

Isn’t that why?

He killed over 10,000 monsters in a bit less than two months, and most of them were definitely high level soldiers. Indeed, it would be really difficult for an advanced level warrior to have such efficiency. No wonder they all think that he has reached the ‘beginner level warlord’ level.

“The Nine Stage Thunder Blade is extremely hard to train in, and the price for that instruction manual is extremely expensive” said the other fighters.

“Yea, it is very hard” laughed Luo Feng as he nodded, “I just coincidentally had some small breakthroughs”.

“Oh”

Everyone there, including Wu Tong, noticed that Luo Feng had a different look in his eyes. The Nine Stage Thunder Blade is an ultimate instruction manual. Quite a bit of people have bought this instruction manual, but quite a bit of fighters have also failed to just enter the first stage. Training in this instruction manual means that…… you’ll be able to dominate your battles!

“Luo Feng” a sound carried from outside. Luo Feng turned his head and saw brother Chen.

“Luo Feng, I heard you came back but I didn’t think you would be here so early” laughed Chen Gu as he walked over, “Oh yea, are you planning to go to senior Lu Gang’s memorial meeting tomorrow?”.

“It’s such a big case, so we’re all going. Luo Feng, you come too when the time comes” said chief instructor Wu Tong.

Luo Feng sighed with emotion, and then nodded.

Of course he has to go to such an event.

Their senior, Lu Gang, who passed away in the grade 3 rat tide was a powerful wargod! Even though Luo Feng didn’t personally experience a rat tide, he was in the wilderness when the rat tide exploded….. He couldn’t help but to feel sorry for the dead. Seeing how his senior has passed away, naturally Luo Feng will go and pay his respects.

On the day of the prospective fighter exam, Luo Feng and the others watched the tender juniors’ test. There were a total of 8 people, and 3 of them passed.

There was actually someone Luo Feng was familiar with out of these 8 people. An elite member of the Zhi-An region’s Dojo of Limits. However, this elite member didn’t pass.

Day 2, dawn. The temperature was low. In the funeral parlor of Jiang-Nan city’s ‘Heroes’ Hall’, security was extremely tight since many people were coming to pay their respects to their senior, Lu Gang.

The five members of the fire hammer squad were all gathered together, and all five of them wore black.

“There are quite a few people here today” said Chen Gu as he took in a breath. Luo Feng looked around, and just the surrounding streets were all filled with people who have come to pay their respects. Most importantly–Today is the first day of mourning, so only fighters, family members, high ranking government officials, etc. are allowed to come.

And from tomorrow until the seventh day, the regular citizens are allowed to come in to pay their respects.

Even so, there were over 10,000 people gathered here, and all of these people were upper class people in Jiang-Nan city. Some of them were at the top of large businesses, the government, and the army. There were also a huge mass of fighters. In the group of fighters, there were even powerful wargod level fighters!

If a wargod dies, it is normal for the other wargods to come pay their respects.

“The national television came too” said Luo Feng as he watched their vehicle.

“A wargod’s memorial meeting is broadcasted across the entire country” said Gao Feng thankfully, “Barely any wargods die across the entirety of China each year”.

Only fighters that are ranked wargod or higher can get broadcasted across the entire country. Warrior and warlord level fighters will never be able to enjoy such great treatment. Also, only the top generals of the army receive this kind of treatment too.

“Look, it’s the mayor of Jiang-Nan city. He’s over there, the leader that frequently appears on television”.

“Hmhm, look over there, it’s the head of the Xu family, one of the 12 families of the HR alliance”.

After Luo Feng heard about the Xu family, he couldn’t help but to look over. An old man who was a bit fat and had white hair all over his head, seemed to be around 80 or 90 years old. However, he naturally had an aura of high authority around him. Behind him were four of his subordinates.

“Over there is the powerful wargod level fighter Zhu Ge Shan. He’s our chief instructor Zhu Ge Tao’s brother”.

Quite a few fighters were discussing.

The people who came here today were indeed important people. Whether in the world of the government, the army, businesses, or fighters, all of them were at the top.

“The memorial is starting” said Gao Feng as he looked ahead, “However, we have to wait for a bit before we can enter”.

“Let’s wait, we rarely get to see all of these people” laughed Chen Gu.

Luo Feng and the others stood by the street and waited in the back with a large amount of fighters. The VIPs ahead already started to enter.

“BEEP!”

A gloomy, dark saucer shaped fighter aircraft directly flew over from far away, and the army surrounding the heroes’ hall didn’t attempt to block it. And the powerful wargod fighters, the mayor of Jiang-Nan city, and all of the top officials in the army and government that entered the memorial all came out to greet.

“A big one has arrived” Chen Gu’s eyes flashed.

“Damn, what kind of person came?” even Gao Feng was shocked.

The people who were at the scene were already at the top of China’s upper class society. For example, the wargod fighters were at the top of the fighters. The mayor of Jiang-Nan city is, without a doubt, a top official. There are only six headquarter cities in China, so he is much more important than a governor before the Grand Nirvana period.

However, all of these people have come out to greet.

“Who is it?” Luo Feng looked carefully. All the fighters, and even the reporters from the national television, stared closely. Nobody dared to make a sound.

Complete silence.

The saucer shaped fighter aircraft slowly descended, and its mechanical door opened.

A thin man who had an aquiline nose and whose clothes were black came down the steps of the fighter aircraft. It didn’t seem like he was in a good mood, and tears could be seen in his eyes. Just his presence caused the people in a 10 meter radius to feel like they were falling into darkness. He is the deity in that radius.

“Mr. Zhu” a powerful wargod fighter spoke.

The aquiline nosed man sighed and didn’t say anything. The wargod fighters, the mayor of Jiang-Nan city, and all the top officials from Kyoto city and the army nodded and headed straight towards the heroes’ hall.

The other people followed behind him.

Complete silence.

Only until after these important people entered did discussions start to rise from outside.

“Who is that guy?” Luo Feng was full of curiosity. This is, without a doubt, the type of man who was at the top of the top of China. Wargod fighters rarely greet even a country’s leader. Usually, wargod fighters don’t respect high ranking officials.

“No idea” Chen Gu and the others shook their heads.

Gao Feng’s ears moved a bit and then he said quietly: “Someone ahead said that the guy just now is named ‘Zhu Xi’. I heard of the name Zhu Xi. Back then, he was an extremely famous wargod level fighter. However, I haven’t heard of him since; he rarely showed himself. I read on the internet that this Zhu Xi has already surpassed the wargod level and is one of the peak existences”.

“An existence that surpasses the wargod level?” Luo Feng and the others took in a deep breath.

Holy.

An existence like that can go head to head with an entire country! A whole country has to bow down to this kind of person. This is indeed one of the top existences of human society. No wonder all the top officials of the businesses, government, army, and even wargod fighters came to receive and greet him.

You can say–

Such a person is like a ‘god’ to humanity.


Chapter 68: Guo Hai

Grief echoed throughout the entire Heroes’ Hall. From the government officials to the generals of the army to the wargod level fighters, all of them paid their respects. Even the national television was carefully recording this scene as the reporter described what was happening in front of the camera. Soon, it was Luo Feng and the group’s turn.

As the crowd flowed, the five members of the fire hammer squad quickly entered the Heroes’ Hall.

There was just a gigantic photo at the memorial meeting.

“Just a photo, not even a body” thought Luo Feng to himself with amazement. Indeed, once you die after facing the infinite rat tide, not even your bones will remain! Luo Feng and the others respectfully bowed three times while being surrounded by the sounds of grief. Silently kneeling beside them were the powerful wargod fighter’s wife and daughter.

Luo Feng and the others quickly left the area.

The mood of the area outside the hall seemed to have relaxed a bit; it wasn’t so oppressive like the mood in the hall.

“Senior Lu Gang was unfortunate” sighed Gao Feng as he shook his head, “He just happened to fall into the middle of a rat tide. And the leader of the infinite rat tide surely determined that senior Lu Gang was a top fighter of humanity, so it was willing to give up everything to kill him! And once the rat tide is willing to do so, there’s no escaping it”.

Luo Feng said in a small voice: “From what I heard from the scenes captured by the satellites, a couple dozen skyscrapers fell and millions of rat monsters died in senior Lu Gang’s struggle. One can imagine the scene”.

Before, Luo Feng, Wan Dong, and the others were only being chased by a small rat tide containing around tens of thousands of rat monsters.

And there wasn’t even a single commander level rat monster in that small rat tide, or else how come the rat tide couldn’t catch up to Wan Dong and the others’ speed? Even such a small rat tide was able to give Luo Feng such pressure. When he thinks about a scene of being surrounded by billions of rat monsters, he couldn’t help but to shudder! The fact that the wargod fighter was able to kill millions of rat tide monsters in such a short time showed that he was extremely powerful.

“If senior Lu Gang was a bit more careful from the start and tried to avoid the center of the rat tide, he wouldn’t have died” sighed Gao Feng.

The cold outside the Heroes’ Hall was heavy, and the streets were filled with those from the circle of fighters, the government, the army, and people from family corporations.

“Luo Feng” a sound carried over.

Luo Feng turned his head and saw Xu Xin in a black outfit not too far away. This outfit gave Xu Xin a small feeling of coldness.

“Xu Xin, you don’t have class today?” asked Luo Feng.

“Today is Saturday, so I came over with my family” Xu Xin couldn’t help but to laugh.

Luo Feng paused, and then laughed at himself: “Saturday, oh….. I can’t even remember the day of the week once I stopped going to school”. After you become a fighter, the day of the week doesn’t matter at all. When he was still going to school, he was crystal clear on the date.

“Now that classmate Luo Feng is a fighter, he’s different from us other classmates” said Xu Xin purposefully.

Luo Feng and Xu Xin chatted like this on the side of the street.

And Xu Gang, who was currently chatting with a middle-aged lady, caught a glimpse of Luo Feng and Xu Xin together. He couldn’t help but to frown, and then apologized to the middle-aged lady beside him: “Director Zhang, I have some things to attend to. We’ll talk about this dividing case later”.

The middle-aged lady smiled as she nodded her head.

Xu Gang walked to a close spot and paid attention to Luo Feng and Xu Xin out of the corner of his eye. With Xu Gang’s vision, he could clearly see Luo Feng and Xu Xin’s expressions. Clearly, they were having an enjoyable time, which made Xu Gang’s face even worse: “Sister is a prideful person, so she usually doesn’t like to talk to guys of the same age. How come with this Luo Feng…..”

Sister Xu Xin has already reached the required age for marriage, so Xu Gang was extremely attentive to her love life.

No matter what….. he did not like Luo Feng.

“A fighter who’ll die off who knows when, and he’s still bothering my sister? The deeper they go, the more bitter hardship my sister will have to go through in the future!” Xu Gang was enraged, “This Luo Feng, I already told him tactfully last time. If he knows, then he should stay away from my sister! He fails to appreciate my kindness!”

Xu Gang was clearly mad, but what can he do even if he’s mad?

He won’t foolishly charge in.

“Hm?” Xu Gang’s gaze unexpectedly landed on someone not too far away, and with a heartbeat, “I’ll let Luo Feng have some pain and know his place!”.

As he thought that in his heart, Xu Gang headed towards the left.

“Master Xu” a seemingly handsome youth whose head was shaved laughed as he gave his greetings.

“Guo Hai” laughed Xu Gang, “I didn’t think I would see brother Guo Hai here. I thought you were still in the wilderness”.

“Senior Lu Gang’s memorial meeting is a huge thing, how could I not come?” the handsome youth looked towards the Heroes’ Hall and shook his head as he sighed, “Back then, I received some pointers from senior Lu Gang. Who could’ve known that such an awesome, powerful fighter like senior Lu Gang would…..”

Xu Gang felt like Guo Hai was actually sad, and he secretly shook his head: “This Gao Hai isn’t even that close to wargod Lu Gang. Isn’t he putting up too much of a show”.

As a merchant, he was unable to understand the feeling between the fighters.

Fighters that walk on the border of life and death never forget their favors. Naturally, one would never forget a senior’s advice for the rest of their lives.

“Guo Hai, my sister came here today too” laughed Xu Gang.

“Xu Xin?” Guo Hai’s heart skipped a beat, “Where?”

Xu Gang laughed bitterly, and then showed the direction with his eyes: “Oh, over there, chatting with a young fighter”.

Guo Hai saw Luo Feng and Xu Xin far away and slightly frowned, he said in a surprised tone: “As far as I know, lady Xu Xin rarely talks to fighters, so I’m guessing that this young fighter has a special connection with her”. Even though he liked Xu Xin, Guo Hai didn’t believe that Xu Xin had to like him back.

“He does have a special connection” Xu Gang shook his head, “They used to be classmates, so my sister is on quite good terms with this kid. Or else she wouldn’t be talking so much with him!”.

Guo Hai nodded, indeed, Xu Xin rarely talked to young men.

Even though he had quite a bit of self control, Guo Hai couldn’t help but to feel a bit jealous.

“This kid, I warned him before to stay away from my sister. However, it looks like he has some plans of his own for my sister” Xu Gang looked at Guo Hai, “This kid doesn’t even look at his own position. A warrior level fighter, who knows when he’ll die. And he still dares to chase after my sister! A commoner chasing after royalty!”.

Guo Hai frowned, but couldn’t help but to feel a bit proud inside.

Young people can’t help but to compare themselves to others. As of now, he’s already an intermediate level warlord! And he’s only 21 years old.

“Xu Gang, you’re right. a warrior level fighter will have a hard time in the wilderness, who knows what he’ll die to” nodded Guo Hai, “If that kid really cares about Xu Xin, he shouldn’t her”.

“I think so too!” followed Xu Gang.

Guo Hai looked at Luo Feng, and asked: “Oh yea, what’s his name?”.

“He’s named Luo Feng, and just became a fighter not too long ago” said Xu Gang.

“Luo Feng?” Guo Hai frowned, “Crazy?”.

Xu Gang froze and looked at Guo Hai suspiciously: “What Crazy?”.

“Crazy is a nickname. Only someone who has skill would receive a nickname from others. Usually, people don’t even get nicknames even when they want them” Guo Hai looked towards Xu Gang and frowned as he said, “This Luo Feng has a bit of fame in the circle of fighters. You underestimate him. Even though he just became a fighter not too long ago, he killed over 10,000 soldier level monsters in just two short months. And I heard that they were mostly advanced level soldiers. I estimate that–he has the skill of a beginner level warlord!”.

“Killed over 10,000 monsters? Two months?” Xu Gang blinked twice.

“And, you said he’s a beginner warlord level? A 18 year old beginner warlord level fighter?” Xu Gang couldn’t help but to exclaim.

Guo Hai nodded.

Xu Gang widened his eyes as he turned around to look at Luo Feng, who was currently joyfully chatting with Xu Xin, and couldn’t help but to curse: “****, this kid pretended to be weak and tricked me! Who knew he was such a person!”. A 18 year old beginner warlord compared to a 21 year old intermediate warlord. As for potential, Luo Feng’s is slightly higher.

Xu Gang’s attitude changed a bit.

“Who knew that this Crazy also liked Xu Xin” Guo Hai let out a smile, “Interesting, interesting!”.

“Luo Feng, is actually called Crazy….. this nickname”.

Xu Gang was amazed beyond belief, “However, killing around 10,000 monsters in two months! This is indeed quite crazy!”.


Chapter 69: #003 City

He was completely shocked, but Xu Gang quickly regained his composure. As he examined Luo Feng from far away, the merchant quickly came to a conclusion, “This Luo Feng is still young, but he’s already a beginner level warlord! And the conditions he had back home weren’t good at all, so being able to come to this stage is indeed quite rare! I’ll look at it this way….. if he’s able to become a wargod level existence some day, then I’m afraid that my dad and the others will have no choice but to let sister marry him”.

“However…..”

“A fighter is ultimately a fighter. Even Lu Gang can die, so who knows when he’ll die. Whatever, whatever, I won’t think any further. I’ll just see how Luo Feng will grow from here” thought Xu Gang to himself. Indeed, a warlord level fighter is really nothing to a big family like the Xu family.

The memorial meeting was still ongoing, but some fighters were already starting to leave.

After the five members of the fire hammer squad left, they immediately started searching for a nice looking hotel with a classical style. The owner of this restaurant knew that there were quite a bit of people attending the memorial meeting today, since the memorial meeting was broadcasted across the country. Once he saw the direction Luo Feng and the others came from, along with the fighter-only car beside them, the owner of the restaurant immediately understood who these five were and led them to the best room on the third floor.

“Alright, go now” Chen Gu quickly ordered some dishes and waved his hand signalling the waiter to leave.

The most beautiful female waiter of the restaurant snuck a peek at them and then obediently left the room.

“****, I was in a pretty good mood today until I saw the bastards of the tiger fang squad. Just seeing them completely destroyed my great mood!” Gao Feng couldn’t help but to say out of anger while clenching his teeth. Before they left, Luo Feng and the others met the tiger fang squad, who also came to pay their respects.

“Captain, there’s no need to get so angry over those bastards, it’s not worth it” Wei Tie shook his head.

“After we enter the wilderness, we’ll find a chance to get rid of them” laughed Wei Qing coldly.

Luo Feng frowned and scanned the entire room with his spiritual force to make sure there weren’t any hidden listening devices.

After seeing Luo Feng like that, Gao Feng laughed as he said: “Luo Feng, no worries! This restaurant counts as a high class one, so people who eat in rooms like these are usually quite important people. Classified information frequently goes around here. If the owner of this restaurant dares to eavesdrop, he’s looking for death!”.

Chen Gu also spoke: “Who cares if someone is eavesdropping. We just talked about killing people, but we didn’t kill anyone yet. We can’t even talk about it with our mouths?”.

Luo Feng laughed in agreement.

“Captain, are there any annoying figures behind the tiger fang squad*?” asked Luo Feng, “If there are, then we have to be cautious”.

*TL note: No matter where I looked, it said “fire hammer squad”, but considering the context, I’m pretty sure it’s the tiger fang squad (it could just be a typo, but this is the first time I’ve ever seen a typo like this on all the sources I checked).

“Who could there be?”

Gao Feng sneered, “It’s not like their parents are wargods”.

“Oh yea, senior wargod Lu Gang has three children, two sons and one daughter. And the oldest son and daughter are warlord level experts. Only the second son’s strength is average” sighed Wei Tie, “These experts are just not the same. Even the daughter is so powerful already”.

“Oh, three children and two of them are warlord level?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“That’s quite normal”.

Gao Feng said, “Luo Feng, you haven’t been in the circle of fighters for a long time, so you probably aren’t too sure. Actually, a powerful fighter’s children will also be quite powerful! For example, the world’s strongest fighter, ‘Hong’, is an existence that surpasses a wargod. And his sons and daughters are all wargod level!”.

Luo Feng blinked twice, he really didn’t know about this.

“It’s quite simple actually” laughed Gao Feng as he continued, “When a fighter trains, every cell in his body absorbs genetic energy, perfecting the genes in his body. The genes of his body continuously get better! And in that process, the stronger the fighter, the higher quality his genes will become”.

“And when he marries and has kids, those genes are passed onto the next generation!”.

“It’s not weird for children of the exceptionally powerful fighters like ‘Hong’, ‘Thunder God’, and ‘Zhu Xi’ to reach the wargod level! Because their genes are already great. However, this doesn’t carry completely. If they aren’t as powerful as their parents, it’ll lead to each generation getting weaker and weaker. Eventually, the genes of that family will become average again”.

Luo Feng nodded.

Genes are indeed passed when having children. The children of powerful fighters have an advantage right at birth!

The door opened, and the waiter came in with the food.

“Okay”

After the waiter put everything on the table and left, Gao Feng sighed as he said: “Actually, if humanity keeps on going like this, the genes of the powerful fighters will spread around, therefore increasing the quality of all the genes of humanity! However, when a weak person marries a powerful person, their children could be quite normal”.

“So, it’s very hard to raise the quality of the genes of humanity as a whole”.

“Powerful people raise the quality of humanity’s genes, while weak people lower them”.

“However, one point is clear. As time passes, the genes of humanity as a whole will continuously rise in quality! One day, almost all of humanity can become fighters!”.

Luo Feng slightly nodded at Gao Feng’s conclusion.

“Of course, for every single human to become a fighter… who knows how long that’ll take! 500 years? 1,000 years? 50,000 years?” laughed Gao Feng as he shook his head. Evolution for all of humanity is indeed a slow process.

Luo Feng and the others quickly finished lunch and, after the dishes were taken away, ordered some tea.

“Old Chen and Wei Tie and his brother have pretty much gotten used to their strength. Let me see, we’ll go into the wilderness these two days” said Gao Feng as he looked at the others, “Anyone have any opinions?”.

“How about, the day after tomorrow?” spoke Chen Gu.

Luo Feng nodded: “Let’s depart on the day after tomorrow. However, captain, where are we going to this time?”.

“Haha” Chen Gu laughed, “This time we surely won’t be going to those small country level cities. Our squad is much more powerful than it was before”. Saying that the squad as a whole has increased in strength by at least 10 times is no exaggeration.

“Let’s go to a major city area” Wei Tie and Wei Qing’s eyes flashed.

In the past, they were only willing to fight a bit in prefecture-level cities.

“How about–we get arrogant and try the #003 city?” said Gao Feng quietly as he took in a deep breath.

“#003 city?”.

Luo Feng and the others were completely shocked.

#003 city, what does that represent?

You could say it’s one of the most horrifying areas in all of Eurasia. This place is near the sea, so there are large amounts of ocean monsters. This city also has one of the highest building densities, so the amount of monsters here has reached an alarming amount. There are many horde leader level monsters, and even monsters that surpass the horde leader level live here!

Large amounts of top fighters come here!

Fighters from other headquarter cities in Asia also come to this area just for this city!

Here, is where human fighters and soldiers slaughter each other!

Here, is where the center of China’s economy was before the Grand Nirvana Period–Shanghai city!

“There?” Wei Tie and Wei Qing were both shocked.

“That’s too much, the difficulty gap is too great” Wei Tie couldn’t help but to say, “How about we go to #023 city in old Suzhou first?” No matter how arrogant, anyone would tremble in fear after hearing the name of #003 city. This place is where the real dragons, snakes, and alligators appear!

Gao Feng looked at the others and laughed: “Scared?”.

“Who’s scared, whoever goes to #003 city will get major bragging rights” Chen Gu’s eyes flashed, “Go, of course we’re going! #003 city is a gigantic city anyway, probably more than 10 times larger than the other cities. We’re just creeping along the border, what is there to be afraid of”.

“Luo Feng, what about you?” the group looked towards Luo Feng, since he was the top fighting force of the squad!

Luo Feng contemplated. Of course Luo Feng knew about the legendary #003 city.

What #003 city means to humans today versus what Shanghai meant before the Grand Nirvana period, they are both special!

“Okay, we can go. But we have to go slowly from the suburbs” nodded Luo Feng.

“Of course we’re going slowly from the suburbs, or am I tired of living? I don’t want to die yet” laughed Gao Feng, “Some of my old friends are all drifting around #003 city. That is where all the top fighters appear. Hmph hmph….. of course we’re gonna have to start going there too”.

Being able to survive in #003 city is a symbol of strength!

Because there are large amounts of alligators there. There are large amounts of commander level monsters even in the suburbs. And along the riverbanks are quite a few horde leader level monsters! So those without strength wouldn’t dare go to #003 city.

“Alright, then everyone get some rest. We’ll depart tomorrow towards #003 city” laughed Gao Feng.

“Alright, to #003 city!”.

The blood of Luo Feng and the others were boiling.


Chapter 70: Den, Battlefield

After the third day, Luo Feng and Chen Gu left the Ming-Yue sector and grouped up with Gao Feng, Wei Tie, and Wei Qing at the HR alliance market to head towards the resupplying base in the southeast.

The military sector in the southeast was way larger than Jiang-Nan city’s northern military sector!

“This resupplying base is also way larger than the resupplying base in the northern military’s sector”. After getting the key, Luo Feng and the group couldn’t help but to take in a breath as they walked inside the resupplying base. The amount of villas in this resupplying base way surpassed the northern sector’s amount. And with a glance, you could see large amounts of fighters in every area.

In terms of strength, the fighters here have way surpassed the fighters of the northern sector.

“Of course they’re way stronger!” exclaimed Gao Feng, “#003 city is near the sea. The uncountable amount of monsters in the sea have split the continent and threaten the mainland along the Huang Pu river. This resupplying base exists to deal with those sea monsters. And the fighters are mainly here to deal with the monsters inside the #003 city.

Compared to the monsters of the land, the monsters of the sea pose a much larger threat to humanity.

Because….. the area of the sea way surpasses the area of the land, and the entire sea is the monster’s territory. One could imagine just how many monsters are in the sea.

“Look, that’s a ‘poison devil gun’, isn’t it?”.

“Hmhm, holy shit, isn’t that a wargod? Wargod level fighters rarely appear in the northern military sector, but we just got here and we already saw one”.

“Not surprising, #003 city is one of the few large camps for the monsters in all of Eurasia. Professionals from other headquarter cities come here too, not just from our Jiang-Nan city. So it’s not weird for so many strong people to be here”.

The fire hammer squad looked down from the rooftop of their apartment and were all surprised.

The fighters here truly came from all parts of the world!

“We’ll eat, and after lunch we’ll head to #003 city” said Gao Feng.

Moments later, the five fully equipped members of the fire hammer squad left the resupplying base.

“It’s the fire hammer squad, they came here too?”

“I heard that the rookie, Crazy, who just joined the fire hammer squad is quite strong. He’s an beginner warlord, so he’s sure to improve rapidly”.

The people inside the resupplying base laughed as they discussed.

“Crazy?” Wan Dong, who was chatting with his friends in the shade of a tree, couldn’t help but to turn his head. At this time, the five members of the fire hammer squad were headed towards the gate of the base.

“Dong, this Luo Feng is in the same batch as you right” spoke the burly brute beside him.

“Yeah”

Wan Dong nodded, “We became fighters in the same group. During the grade three rat tide explosion from last time, I even met him. I wouldn’t have thought that he would come to the military sector in the southeast”. The captain of Wan Dong’s original squad died in the rat tide from last time, so Wan Dong and the others joined another fighter squad and came here.

“Dong, keep at it, don’t lose to this Luo Feng” the burly brute smacked Wan Dong’s chest.

Wan Dong watched Luo Feng’s shadow disappear at the gate while having complicated feelings.

When they participated in the prospective fighter exam together, they were both scouted by dojos! Who knew that in a blink of an eye, Luo Feng has already made his name in the circle of fighters while he’s still a rookie that needs to work hard. If you mention ‘Crazy of Jiang-Nan city’, most people would know what you’re talking about.

Know that, making a name for yourself is an extremely difficult thing to do!

Or, rely on a earth shattering battle!

Or, rely on a special battle record! Like Luo Feng killing 10,000 monsters in two months.

Or, rely on the build up of your fame over tiring months and long years! For example, Chen Gu and Zhang Ke spent a dozen years building up their fame before they were known!

And now, Luo Feng counts as someone with quite a bit of fame.

“He was like me back then, and now he’s already someone who has a bit of fame in the circle of fighters. I can’t lose to him!” Wan Dong clenched his fists. With his target Luo Feng right in front of him, Wan Dong didn’t dare to relax.

Along the highway, Luo Feng and the others walked for around 2 days until they finally reached the outskirts of #003 city.

The sky was gray and the fire hammer squad treaded forwards carefully, “Into the house!” yelled Gao Feng.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Luo Feng and the others swiftly entered a shop on the street.

“Bleating~~”

“Quack quack~~”

Only after the few hundred birds that covered the sky flew past did the fire hammer squad carefully come out.

“This is where the monsters gather. It’s their biggest camp in all of Eurasia. Not just land monsters, but all sorts of flying monsters are here too” warned Gao Feng in a small voice, “And since it’s near the sea, amphibious monsters appear too. So everyone, make sure to be careful, careful, and even more careful!”.

“Understood, captain” Luo Feng and the others nodded.

Everyone knew how dangerous it was here. When the group of flying monsters from before attacked, they were only able to keep their lives because of the terrain and Luo Feng’s explosion.

“Our target is a small sector 2 miles away called ‘Wan-Ke Dream City’” said Gao Feng in a small voice, “This Wan-Ke dream city takes up an immense amount of land, large enough for a million people to live there. Right now, there are quite a bit of monsters there. Since it’s on the outskirts of #003 city, horde leader level monsters are rare. It’s suitable for us to wander around there for a bit”.

“Okay” the others nodded.

“Everybody be careful. Whether the sky, the ground, or even underground, monsters can appear from anywhere” Gao Feng waved his hand, “Depart!”.

Luo Feng’s ghost blade was already unsheathed, and Chen Gu’s RG112 heavy machine gun was ready to fire at any time. The five members of the fire hammer squad carefully moved forward and didn’t dare to let down their guard for even a moment. They were completely different from the time they were in the small country level city.

“HOWL~~” “GROWL~~” “DIE!”

An earth shaking growl rumbled over from a few dozen miles away, and even some human’s enraged howls.

“****, what monster?” Chen Gu couldn’t help but to turn his head towards the origin of the sound.

“That’s towards the city sector, where real ichthyosauruses and alligators appear. There are quite a bit of horde leader level monsters and wargod level fighters there” said Gao Feng in a small voice, “If you don’t have the power of a wargod, going there is suicide! In #003 city, powerful fighters from not just China, but also Russia and India are there!”.

Luo Feng and the others nodded.

For a short two miles, not even a minute is needed if they explosively sprint. However, the fire hammer squad spent half an hour to reach the Wan-Ke dream city sector that was abandoned dozens of years ago. In this half an hour, Luo Feng and the others killed two snake type monsters, 30 regular soldier level monsters, and a low level commander!

“I heard it was dangerous, but I didn’t think it would be this dangerous! We were so careful and yet we were still forced to fight a low level commander” Chen Gu’s eyes flashed, “Just what you’d expect from #003 city”.

“Go, hurry upstairs!”

Gao Feng waved his hand.

Luo Feng and the others carefully and swiftly entered an apartment building. This building had 18 floors, and from the 1st floor to the 12th floor, Luo Feng and the others met around 10 monsters.

On the 12th floor was a room around 100 square meters.

“While we’re here at #003 city, this house will be our temporary resting spot” spoke Gao Feng.

Luo Feng also nodded.

Unlike other cities, #003 city has large amounts of flying type monsters, so you can’t rest on the rooftop. If you rest on the roof, you’re looking for death.

“Look, there!” Gao Feng stood on the dusty balcony and pointed towards the south, “Look there, at the place that’s completely covered in mist”.

Luo Feng and the others walked there.

Indeed, around 10 miles away, a few buildings could barely be seen in the mist; it was impossible to see any further than the broken sign there. That location was strangely covered entirely by the mist. #003 city is actually mostly covered in dust. All sorts of monsters’ howls and birds’ cries could be heard. And the rumbling of the tens of thousands of monsters was uncountable!

“That’s the core of this sector. It used to be a Knorr convenience store, but now there’s a “high level horde leader” monsters residing there” said Gao Feng sternly, “No matter, no matter what, we won’t approach that area! I heard that the high level horde leader there has two low level horde leaders, large amounts of commanders, and uncountable amounts of soldier monsters there. It’s the tyrant of a 20 to 30 mile radius!”

Luo Feng took in a deep breath.

A high level horde leader and two low level horde leaders? What kind of group is this?

“Of course, they can only be a tyrant in the outskirts like this. In the city, horde leader level monsters are everywhere” Gao Feng waved his hand, “Alright, we’ll rest for the night. Tomorrow, we’ll start our journey in the #003 city”.

“Yes, captain”.

Luo Feng and the others exchanged glances and let out smiles.

“Bleating~~”

The couple hundred bird monsters flew past from above the small sector, and some of them even flew past the apartment buildings. The closest monster was just 20 to 30 meters away from Luo Feng and the others.

“Everyone enter the rooms and rest. The windows of the rooms aren’t big, so the flying monsters can’t fly in here. Today, Chen Gu and Wei Tie, you two rotate and keep watch for the night”.

In #003 city, even if Luo Feng and the others want to sleep, they have to let someone keep watch!

Nobody dared to relax, for this was an amusement park to the monsters, a den to the humans, and a battlefield to the fighters.


Chapter 71: Earning money faster than a money printer

After the night, dawn.

Luo Feng stood on the balcony of the 12th floor. The winter chill of the morning touched his face, startling Luo Feng’s spirit.

“It’s around 5 or 6 degrees below 0 today” laughed Gao Feng.

“It is a bit cold”.

Luo Feng looked down from the balcony and saw a monster hunting for prey, “But right in the morning, there are already quite a bit of monsters in the area! Look, there are around 12 monsters in my field of vision, and three of them are commander level! Hmhm, #003 city is indeed the camp of the monsters”.

Gao Feng laughed.

Indeed, in a regular city, a commander usually leads around a few hundred regular monsters; they have lots of authority! And in the city that Luo Feng stayed in to train his blade technique, a commander level monster had around a few hundred to even a few thousand monsters under its control!

In a city, the fewer the commanders, the more monsters each one can lead!

But in #003 city, even in the outskirts, a commander level monster only has around two to three soldiers with it. Sometimes they have none, becoming a leader without any followers.

“These are all weaker commanders, they don’t have many followers! As for the stronger commanders and even horde leaders, they’ll have tens of thousands of followers!” Gao Feng turned his head to look at the others, “Everyone, wake up, let’s go hunt the monsters below!”.

“Let’s go brothers, let’s earn some money” Chen Gu couldn’t help but to laugh as he said.

“This #003 city is full of opportunity! Commanders are everywhere!” the eyes of Wei Qing and Wei Tie flashed.

#003 city is dangerous!

But chances exist together with danger. There are many powerful monsters here, and if you don’t have enough skill, you’ll easily die. Even if you’re powerful, once you get surrounded by a horde, you’re also finished….. however! The commanders here don’t have many followers, so it’s much easier to hunt these commanders!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Luo Feng was in front of the staircase, and after using his spiritual force to scan the corners, waved his hand: “No problem, no monsters in a 20 meter radius”.

Monsters usually lie in ambush from the corners! And Luo Feng’s spiritual force is the best detector.

“Being with a spirit reader is fantastic” smiled Chen Gu.

“Everyone watch yourselves, don’t make a sound. Monsters ears’ are very sensitive” Gao Feng glared at Chen Gu, and Chen Gu immediately shut up.

Luo Feng was leading while Gao Feng was in the back.

Wei Tie and Wei Qing were on the two sides, and Chen Gu was in the middle!

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s gaze landed on a three horned boars around 100 meters away. One of the horned boars was extremely large and its horn was black. Unlike the usual gray fur, its needle-like fur was black. All of this pointed to its identity–Low level commander!

“It’s that”

Luo Feng said quietly, “I’ll take care of that horned boar ahead. Everyone watch the surroundings”.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Luo Feng charged ahead while the four in the back naturally spread out according to the formation. They were watching for other commander monsters, or if there were other human fighters trying to interfere.

“HOWL~~” the commander level horned boar saw the human Luo Feng rushing alone and immediately howled. Its speed shot to 100 m/s, which is around 360 km/h. And that horned boar was charging straight at Luo Feng! With its body size, the force of impact would be enough to even smash open a truck.

Luo Feng held his ghost blade and kept his regular speed of around 60 to 70 m/s.

The two met!

Luo Feng’s speed instantly rose, and with a step, he accurately dodged to the centimeter. Meanwhile, Luo Feng’s blade was drawing up! As the blade went, it increased in speed twice, making the blade blurry! It became a blinding light!

The cold light of the blade was like a thunderbolt, and it drew across the neck of the horned boar. The light of the blade was like a mist from a dream, and instantly dispersed!

Blade technique–Thunderbolt! First success!

PUCHI! PUCHI!

The two seemingly simple slashes from Luo Feng’s ghost blade instantly slashed across the necks of the other two soldier level horned boars.

“RUMBLE~~” the commander level horned boar who lost its life continued to sprint for around 10 more meters before falling to the ground with a rumble. It slid on the ground for a few dozen meters before smashing into a large, tough tree that has been growing on the side for dozens of years, causing the entire tree to shake a bit before stopping.

“Hmhm, nice job, destroying a commander level monster with just blade technique alone” Chen Gu and the others huddled around.

“You’ve improved quite a bit” Gao Feng was also happy, and he was already heading over to dissect the corpse of the monster.

“My technique, along with my blade technique and bountiful experience, made killing a low level commander so easy” Luo Feng was amazed inside. Since he killed over 10,000 monsters, Luo Feng was able to remain perfectly calm when dealing with these monsters, enabling him to use his blade technique and technique to their maximum.

Using the smallest amount of strength to instantly get rid of the opponent!

“Alright, dissection complete” Gao Feng let out a smile, “Let’s see, we can hunt quite a bit of commander level monsters today”.

“Go, to the next one” Luo Feng also let out a smile.

Everyone in the fire hammer squad were in high spirits.

In #003 city, even though they knew that they were going to be able to hunt many monsters, once they actually started fighting, Luo Feng realized….. Holy shit. They weren’t killing monsters. They were basically printing money! Even a money printer wouldn’t be able to make as much money as Luo Feng and the others were making right now!

The materials of a low level commander are worth around 5 million ~ 15 million.

The materials of a medium level commander are worth around 10 million ~ 100 million.

The materials of a high level commander are worth around 50 million ~ 600 to 700 million.

Of course, there are some exceptions, like some extremely rare monster, or some high level commander that’s approaching the horde leader level. Naturally, the prices for their materials will be higher. But most of the monsters fit the price range above.

The fire hammer squad killed around 10 commanders a day! Of course, most of them were low level commanders! The amount of money they made was simply shocking!

After fighting for 10 days, Luo Feng and the others killed 92 low level commanders and 3 medium level commanders. The estimated price for them is probably a billion! Since they fought hard for 10 days, Luo Feng and the others were quite tired, so they took a good day to rest. After that, they kept hunting monsters and oh….. it’s just that the monsters in the area have clearly decreased by a significant amount.

The 15th day.

On the 12th floor of the 18 story apartment building, Luo Feng and the others were resting.

“Captain, we rarely see any low level commanders near this area anymore” said Chen Gu hopelessly.

“It can’t be helped. We’ve been killing quite cruelly recently” laughed Gao Feng, “But no need to rush, monsters come in groups….. According to my estimations, the amount of monsters here will start increasing within 10 days! All we have to do is quietly defend here, since we’re familiar with the area”.

Luo Feng also nodded.

Even though this area was big, Luo Feng and the others memorized it completely these past few days.

“Looks like #003 city is still the best for making money” Wei Tie couldn’t help but to be amazed.

Even though Luo Feng and Gao Feng mainly did all the work, Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Chen Gu still benefit greatly. After dividing the money, each of them will get over 100 million! Before, in the small cities, commanders were rare. Wei Qing and Wei Tie probably couldn’t earn 100 million in a year. But now they passed that amount in just 15 days.

Of course–

The bigger the gain, the bigger the risks! In these past few days, Luo Feng and the others also encountered an assault from a flying monster. Thankfully, they hid in the house and relied on Luo Feng’s throwing knives to scare them away.

“Tons of money? It’s not a lot at all” laughed Gao Feng, “It’s normal for a spirit reader to earn billions a year. The only reason we’re able to stay here is mainly thanks to Luo Feng”.

“Haha” Chen Gu, Wei Qing, and Wei Tie couldn’t help but to start laughing.

“Captain, don’t say that. It’s because of your help that killing these monsters became that much easier”. Luo Feng was telling the truth when he said that. It’s impossible for one person to pay attention to all of his surroundings. Some squads have three members responsible for keeping watch and to remove potential dangers.

And only with the help of an ‘intermediate warlord’ like Gao Feng will Luo Feng’s efficiency be high.

Luo Feng and the others talked in a relaxed manner, but their voices weren’t raised high.

“Hm?” Chen Gu looked down through the laser aimer of his heavy sniper rifle and suddenly said, “****, a big one’s here!”.

“What?” Luo Feng and the others basically immediately came over and looked through their binoculars.

Luo Feng looked carefully…..

In a apartment building faraway, the corners were filled with vines and moss. And in these vines was a gigantic snake that was 20 meters long and as thick as a person’s waist. The snake’s body had black stripes and the closer they got to its head, the thicker they became.

The very end of the gigantic snake split into two triangular snake heads, and both of these heads had a bulge on their foreheads. “****, is this the snake type monster, ‘black striped’, that has lethal poison?” cursed Gao Feng under his voice, “And this is even a mutated snake type monster, ‘twin headed black striped snake’. And it’s almost growing a horn and becoming a dragon”.

Luo Feng also took in a deep breath.

A mutated black striped snake that’s almost a dragon?

This thing shouldn’t be messed with!


Chapter 72: Twin Headed Black Striped Snake

“A black striped snake that’s about to become a dragon; it’s surely a high level commander and nearing the horde leader level!” Gao Feng’s expression was extremely serious, and he said in a small voice, “And since it’s a mutated twin headed black striped snake, its venom is many times more powerful than a regular black striped snake! It also has two venom sacs, and each of those venom sacs are worth double the amount of a non-mutated black striped snake”.

“In other words–”

“This twin headed black striped snake is worth the same amount as four black striped snakes of the same level! A black striped snake that’s about to become a dragon is worth around 400 million, so this twin headed black striped snake is worth 1.6 billion! The price is comparable to a regular low level horde leader monster” after Gao Feng said these numbers, the heart rate of the others started increasing rapidly…… they have killed hundreds of commander level monsters over the past few days.

But all of that is not even close to the amount of money that the twin headed black striped snake is worth! Obviously, killing stronger monsters earns money at a higher rate.

“Of course, this twin headed black striped snake is extremely dangerous, once you get bit by it or get poisoned by it in any way, it’s certain death!” Gao Feng said lowly, “And it has two brains, so both heads can attack the enemy together”.

“Are we doing this?” Gao Feng looked towards the other members of the squad and finally laid his eyes on Luo Feng.

Everyone was silent as they looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was the one to make the decision!

A twin headed black striped snake would make them tons of money! But at the same time, it’s extremely dangerous!

“I’m in!”

Luo Feng clenched his teeth, “Captain, what about you?”. With his spiritual force, his dodging would be unpredictable!

“Luo Feng, help me a bit if there’s trouble” Gao Feng clenched his teeth, “Fighters are supposed to walk on the border of life and death. Wei Tie, give me your shield”.

“Here, captain”.

Wei Tie had no hesitation as he gave his shield to Gao Feng. And Gao Feng put one of his hammers on the ground. He had a shield in his left hand and a hammer in his right. He laughed at himself: “After all this time, I still rarely use a shield in combat. However, this twin headed black striped snake is just too dangerous. If I don’t use a shield, I’ll actually be quite scared”.

“Captain, I’ll attack from afar and you attack up close” said Luo Feng quietly, “If something happens, I’ll use my spiritual force on your shield or hammer and you can use that force to dodge away”.

“Understood” Gao Feng nodded.

Luo Feng looked at the other three and said: “I’ll go down with the captain, you guys stay here. Oh yea, brother Chen, aim with your sniper rifle…… and make sure nobody tries to take advantage of us and steal the kill!”.

“No worries, I’ll keep aiming below” laughed Chen Gu slightly, “If you want me to fire, just notify me directly”.

“Okay”

Through the tactical communications watch, members of a squad can keep in touch any time.

“Captain, let’s go”. Luo Feng and Gao Feng speeded down the stairs. Against a monster of this level, Chen Gu and the others could do nothing to help.

Luo Feng and Gao Feng reached the ground and, using their memory, went along a ruined, stony path towards the location of the twin headed black striped snake.

“BOOM!”

“HISS~” the ear piercing hiss of the snake carried over from far away.

Luo Feng and Gao Feng exchanged glances, and the tactical communications watch slightly vibrated at the same time. Luo Feng lowered his head to look, and a line of words appeared on the tactical communications watch–“three people suddenly appeared and are currently in an intense battle with the twin headed black striped snake”.

Gao Feng also received the news and said quietly: “Didn’t think that some other group would get to it first. However, let’s go take a look”.

“Let’s go” Luo Feng also nodded.

The two of them rapidly got close and quickly arrived at the corner of a residential apartment. Past the corner, Luo Feng caught a glimpse of the three men currently fighting against the twin headed black striped snake around a few dozen meters away. The three men looked like they were from Western or Southern Asia. Their hair was slightly curly and their skin color was slightly dark.

The bald man who seemed to be the leader of these three men held a dark, golden bo staff around three meters long.

The staff in his hand was like a swimming dragon. Every time the triangular head of the twin headed black striped snake hissed as it flew over to him, the bo staff would always be quick enough to smash the snake. Even if it couldn’t smash the head, it would still smash the body of the twin headed black striped snake. Sometimes, the ‘point’ on the head of the bo staff would connect, causing the twin headed black striped snake to hiss in rage!

As for the other two, they both held a rectangular shield in one hand and a gigantic scimitar in the other. These two were close together and attacked as a team: their coordination was amazing.

“PENG!”

The rusty fitness machines that filled the sector from long ago were all smashed open by the swinging tail of the twin headed black striped snake, and the bald brute also retreated rapidly. The bo staff turned and formed a whirlwind that blocked all of the scrap metal, and the master of the staff retreated rapidly.

“Great bo staff technique” Gao Feng couldn’t help but to say quietly, “This bald guy is probably an advanced level warlord. The other two are probably medium level warlords”.

Luo Feng nodded.

This brute dared to go head to head with the twin headed black striped snake, so it’s easy to tell that he’s strong.

“SI SI~~”

The twin headed black striped snake was enraged, and the cold eyes of the two gigantic snake heads were enough to send chills down your spine. It repeatedly widely opened its mouth as it attacked. Under the attack of the twin headed black striped snake, the three of them retreated rapidly and started to exchange words. After hearing the conversation between the three, Luo Feng and Gao Feng instantly determined–Indians!

After the battle, one of the heads of the twin headed black striped snake was bleeding. It was smashed by the bo staff of the bald brute! However, this wound was clearly not fatal.

WHOOSH! WHOOSH! WHOOSH!

The three Indians swiftly headed towards the direction of Luo Feng and Gao Feng.

“Feel free to fight it if you can” the bald brute squeezed out some chinese. At this time, the twin headed black snake was hissing as it charged over.

Luo Feng and Gao Feng laughed coldly and didn’t say much, and then swiftly dodged to the side. They weren’t stupid enough to charge directly at a twin headed black striped snake. The leader of the three Indians, the bald brute, couldn’t help but to curse under his voice and then shot his three meter long bo staff at the twin headed black striped snake.

“Now is the time”

Luo Feng already grabbed his black throwing knife as he dodged, and this was a 9th series throwing knife! He threw it with lightning speed!

The throwing knife formed a cold light as it shot towards the left head of the twin headed black striped snake. As an existence that is almost a dragon, the twin headed black striped snake is extremely intelligent. It saw that the insignificant human threw a throwing knife, so its left head swiftly waved. The brain of a snake has always worked extremely quickly!

The left head of the twin headed black striped snake instantly became blurred.

“Its intellect was used against itself” laughed Luo Feng coldly, “Change!”

He purposefully threw his throwing knife to make the wiseacre twin headed black striped snake to think he used hidden weapons. Using common sense, throwing knives can’t change direction in the air. Sadly….. Luo Feng wasn’t some hidden weapons expert, but was tens to hundreds of times stronger than a hidden weapons expert.

When there was just barely a meter left between the throwing knife and the twin headed black striped snake, the knife slightly changed direction. Just this slight change caused the knife to charge towards one of the eyes of the twin headed black striped snake’s left head.

“HISS~” the twin headed black striped snake hissed out of rage, and in that short moment, actually made an dodging movement with its left head!

Know that, Luo Feng’s throwing knife was already going at a few times faster than the speed of sound, even faster than a sniper bullet!

A distance of one meter and a speed several times the speed of sound, not even a thousandth of a second!

And since the throwing knife was moving so quickly, even Luo Feng couldn’t be sure that he changed it at 1 meter or 1.5 meters. Since the throwing knife was so fast, a slight delay means that the knife could’ve moved forward by 10 meters already. Even if he reacts quickly, in that short moment, Luo Feng can only change the knife’s direction once!

And in just that short moment, not only did the twin headed black striped snake react, but it also dodged! Of course, since it was such a short moment, the twin headed black striped snake dodged under extreme circumstances.

“PU!” the throwing knife shot at the mouth of the twin headed black striped snake and drew out a gap, and grazed the twin headed black striped snake’s scales.

CHI CHI~~

It only left a white mark, and the throwing knife directly reflected into the ground.

“Such horrifying defense” Luo Feng was startled, “Such amazing dodging capabilities. It changed direction in such a short distance, and this twin headed black striped snake was still able to dodge? This is going to be a problem!” Luo Feng knew that getting rid of this twin headed black striped snake by himself would be extremely difficult.

“Hiss~” the two heads of the twin headed black striped snake both turned towards Luo Feng. Its left head had a huge gap in its mouth, and a deep, green colored blood flowed out continuously.

The bald brute who wielded the long bo staff laughed loudly, and as he retreated, he yelled in his awkward chinese, “Team up, split half?”. His gaze was on Luo Feng.

Luo Feng and Gao Feng exchanged glances.

“Alright” said Luo Feng.

“OK!” Gao Feng even purposefully made a gesture.

The three Indians and Luo Feng and Gao Feng, both groups instantly made their decision to cooperate. The bald brute’s strength earned Luo Feng and Gao Feng’s recognition while Luo Feng’s throwing knives earned the three Indian’s recognition! Only with strength can you earn others’ attention and respect!

And outside of Wan-Ke dream city was a fighter squad of nine that was currently slowly heading forward. In this squad of nine were the members of the tiger fang squad.

“Hm? That’s the sound of a snake, and an extremely powerful one at that”.

Out of the nine, a veteran whose hair was white spoke.


Chapter 73: A steal

In Wan-Ke dream city’s ruined, barren land was a sound of rumbling.

A snake as thick as a person’s waist charged like lightning towards the two scimitar-wielding Indians. The two Indians leaped with a ‘WHOOSH’ five or six meters high and grabbed the window railing of an apartment building. The snake’s tail then cruelly smashed into a tree on the side. From around five or six meters up the tree was a ‘KACHA’ sound as it directly split open and rumbled as it fell.

“Haha, trying to kill me?” at this time, Luo Feng was sprinting quickly with a shield in one hand.

The two heads of the twin headed black striped snake were crazily chasing after Luo Feng!

Whoosh! Whoosh!

He swung his arm and two throwing knives came out. It seemed like Luo Feng used his arm to throw them, but actually, the throwing knives were completely controlled by spiritual force right when they were thrown, causing the two throwing knives to accelerate to an amazing speed. An eye would barely be able to see two blurred, cold lights headed towards the twin headed black striped snake!

“HISS~~” the twin headed black striped snake roared as it tried to dodge.

“Change!” Luo Feng’s gaze was cold.

The two throwing knives slightly changed direction, but not by a large amount. Since the throwing knives were way faster than bullets fired from a sniper rifle, the others couldn’t even tell that the throwing knives changed direction.

“PUCHI!” “CHI!”

One of the two throwing knives grazed the left head of the snake as it flew by, but the other throwing knife hit the left head. Ever since they started fighting, Luo Feng already let out six throwing knives, and all six of these throwing knives were attacking the snake’s left head. At this time, the snake’s left head was covered with fresh blood, and its wounds were shocking.

“Hu!” Luo Feng’s body was extremely light, and his sprinting speed was startling.

The bo staff-wielding leader of the Indian group made an excited shout and chased the snake, as if it was a running dog, while it was chasing after Luo Feng. One hit after another, he fiercely shot his staff towards the twin headed black striped snake’s right head. The twin headed black striped snake didn’t dare to use its head to block the alloyed staff, so it could only dodge.

Know that, even though this staff doesn’t seem powerful and isn’t sharp like a spear…

Once it makes contact, all of its power will be focused on the tip. The area of the tip isn’t large, so that small tip is like a blunt weapon!

“Come on Indian, keep at it!” howled Gao Feng.

The other two large scimitar and shield wielding Indian fighters, with Gao Feng, closely attacked the body of the twin headed black striped snake. First, doing this prevented the twin headed black striped snake from using its tail to attack Luo Feng and the Indian leader. Second, they also wanted to attack this giant snake at around 7 inches!

The snake’s weak point is at 7 inches. Of course 7 inches is an abstract number; the main point is to attack its vital organs.*

TL note: Refer to the end for more information.

Even though the snake was confident in its defense, it still didn’t want to let Gao Feng and the other two aim for its vitals. So the snake retracted its tail and wrapped it….. as it tried to think of a way to deal with Gao Feng and the other two.

“Whoosh!”

The shield in Luo Feng’s left hand was affected by spiritual force and, after Luo Feng exerted force in his foot, he intensely flew straight towards captain Gao Feng’s position. When he was near Gao Feng, Luo Feng whispered: “Captain, when you get near the snake to attack, use your hammer and smash right towards this snake’s left head!”.

“Hehe, understood” Gao Feng immediately understood what Luo Feng meant.

Luo Feng’s movements on the battlefield were strange and erratic. He never got close to the snake; he just relied on his amazing speed to hover around the battlefield.

“YA!” The Indian leader suddenly shouted and his face reddened; the blood in his body was pumping to its limit. For a moment, his body looked like a legendary buddhist arhat. The bo staff in his body rapidly and ferociously increased in speed and, as if he was throwing away his life, he charged straight towards the twin headed black striped snake. The speed of the bo staff reached its limit and, in a blink of an eye, dozens of shadows were smashing towards the snake!

BANG! BANG!

Two of the dozens of shadows smashed directly into the snake’s right head. The right head of the gigantic snake couldn’t help but to shake, as if it was going to faint. With a rumble, the snake’s right head directly fell onto the ground.

“HISS~” the left head of the twin headed black striped snake immediately let out a horrifying growl and its large, soft body suddenly moved. It actually shot up and speedily ran in a wavy motion.

“Hurry!” the Indian leader, the bald brute, quickly roared.

Gao Feng, who always stuck close to the twin headed black striped snake, roared: “Die!”. He used all of the power in his body to ferociously swing the heavy hammer in his hand. The heavy hammer was like an artillery shell as it cruelly smashed towards the left head of the twin headed black striped snake. The left head of the twin headed black striped snake immediately dodged away. Luo Feng, who wasn’t too far away, saw this and concentrated all of his spiritual force on the heavy hammer, instantly accelerating it by a huge margin!

“PENG!”

The twin headed black striped snake instantly dodged away. But even though the heavy hammer didn’t directly hit its head, it still hit the neck!

With Gao Feng’s extreme power and Luo Feng’s spiritual force as support, the force of impact of this hammer was unrivaled. The left head of the twin headed black striped snake also couldn’t help but to fall to the ground with a dizzy motion. But right when it regained consciousness and was going to raise its head back up!

Luo Feng let out a smile!

“PUCHI!” a black knife instantly came out of the ground, went along the face of the left head of the snake, and directly shot into the head!

The left head didn’t rise up again.

“PU!” The alloyed bo staff of the bald brute Indian leader shot like lightning towards the eye of the right head, destroyed it, and then pierced the right head of the twin headed black striped snake! The twin headed black stripe snake already lost its life, but its gigantic body was still twisting around unconsciously. The movements slowed down and then it never moved again!

“Haha!” The Indian leader couldn’t help but to laugh loudly.

“Beautiful” Gao Feng was also happy as he went to pick up his hammer. Luo Feng was also smiling as he went to pick up his throwing knives.

From beginning to end, the Indians probably never realized that their weapons were being controlled by spiritual force!

Especially the last hit. Only until the head of the twin headed black striped snake fell on the ground did Luo Feng’s throwing knife come out of the ground to pierce its head.

“Friend” the bald brute smiled towards Luo Feng and Gao Feng and made a greeting, “Good!*”

TL note: He said “good” in english.

“You aren’t so bad either” laughed Luo Feng as he said. He could tell that the Indian staked his life on his final move. Even now, the bald brute’s face was completely flushed and his veins were still bursting.

“You guys get half, we get half!” spoke the bald brute.

Luo Feng pointed at the left head of the snake and slightly smiled: “The scales are half half too”.

Both sides felt each other’s strength. Whether Luo Feng’s squad or the Indian squad, both probably have heated weapons aiming from a hidden area. That, and both parties are powerful. So both of them were in a good mood. Luo Feng and Gao Feng started dissecting the left head of the twin headed black striped snake!

And the Indians dissected the right head.

“Luo Feng, that blade was cruel” whispered Gao Feng.

Luo Feng laughed as he took out the black throwing knife from the head of the snake after dissecting it. It was indeed that strike that killed the left head.

Suddenly–

“Hm?”

Luo Feng and Gao Feng quickly turned over to look, and the faces of the three members of the Indian squad also changed as they looked.

Nine human fighters from not too far away started walking towards them; most of them were yellow. When these nine people came and saw the gigantic snake in front of them, they instantly determined the price of it–a few billion dollars. With such a huge amount of wealth, quite a few people would show their inner greed.

“Please go away!” the bald brute leader of the Indian group squeezed out some chinese.

“Who would’ve thought that we’d meet the tiger fang squad here too. You sure linger around us” Gao Feng’s gaze scanned across the group in front of him.

Luo Feng looked silently. Out of the nine people in front of them, other than the six members of the tiger fang squad, there was an old veteran, a huge white brute, and a mixed youth.

“Haha, Gao Feng, you guys actually teamed up with Indians. Hmhm….. but for you guys to kill this twin headed black striped snake, how rare” the captain of the tiger fang squad laughed coldly, “If you’re wise, you’d hurry up and **** off. If so, our thunderbolt squad might spare your lives, or else….. hmhm, don’t blame us. Oh, senior Liu here is the captain of our thunderbolt squad. Mr. Ka Long here is our vice captain”.

Senior Liu was that old veteran, and Ka Long was that white brute.

Luo Feng’s gaze was cold.

“This is my first time here in #003 city, this prey is mine. You guys can leave” said the mixed youth as he smiled.

The old veteran and the white brute stood on the two sides of the mixed youth as they scanned Luo Feng’s group.

“Whoever dares to steal my prey….. dies!” said the bald brute leader of the Indian group. The two scimitar wielding Indians beside him were also displaying their killing intent. Do you think killing this twin headed black striped snake was easy? First of all, this valuable, mutated monster was already rare in the first place, and the battle was bitter too.

Gao Feng also held his twin hammers with a fearsome gaze.

“If you want to steal it, then come” Luo Feng stepped on the head of the snake and gave out a cold laugh as he looked at the group in front of him, “If we can kill this twin headed black striped snake, then your group….. oh yea, our brother’s sniper rifle is aimed right at your group!”

“Our sniper rifle is also aimed at you!” said one of the scimitar wielding men of the Indian group coldly.

“Sniper?”

Quite a few of the nine couldn’t help but to raise their heads to the surrounding residential apartments, but not even a shadow could be seen in these ruined buildings. But because they couldn’t see them, they became even more afraid. The tiger fang squad was clear: the fire hammer squad had Chen Gu as their sniper. And would the Indian group not bring their own professional snipers too?


TL note (for the 7 inches part): Okay, for those interested/want more information, this is actually a saying:  ߴߴ (if you want to attack a snake, attack at 7 inches). I heard there are variations like 3 inches too, but there are two meanings for this saying. First, don’t attack a snake if it isn’t at least 7 inches long. Next, 7 inches is the best spot to attack a snake. Refer to the photos below (although I’m not sure if these photos are exactly correct. I’m sure that it varies for different types of snakes).


Chapter 74: Solo

Usually, a heavy sniper rifle can barely threaten a ‘low level commander level’ monster. But monsters are different from humans. Humans are powerful, but the defense of their skin and muscle is much lower than the defense of the monsters’ fur and scales. This is also why human fighters have to wear battle uniforms!

If an intermediate level warlord fighter gets shot, even if he doesn’t die, he would still suffer a heavy wound.

However, a sniper rifle is much less threatening to an advanced level warlord level fighter, and as for a wargod? A sniper rifle can’t even threaten a wargod at all.

“It looks like the old veteran and the white brute are protecting the mixed youth, so he’s the most important member of the squad” Luo Feng’s gaze scanned across the thunderbolt squad. Some of the members of the thunderbolt squad were raised towards the residential apartments, searching for the snipers’ locations. And some of them exchanged glances.

Silence.

Luo Feng, Gao Feng, the Indians, and the thunderbolt squad were all silent for a bit.

“Senior Liu” the tiger fang captain looked towards the indifferent, balding veteran. This balding veteran frowned and looked at him, and the tiger fang captain immediately shut up. The old, balding veteran then said quietly to the mixed youth’s ear: “Young master, since you want to come here to train, you should fight against the monsters personally”.

The mixed youth looked at the veteran and then turned his head to the white brute. The white brute also slightly nodded.

“Alright, let’s go!” ordered the mixed youth helplessly.

His father has seriously warned him–

After entering the wilderness, he must listen to his two bodyguards.

Even though the leader of the squad is technically the old veteran, but the actual leader is this mixed youth. And now that the mixed youth gave his order, the members of the tiger fang squad stared at Gao Feng and Luo Feng with a look of dissatisfaction. Zhang Ze Hu even cursed under his breath: “Luo Feng kid, you got lucky this time!”. Zhang Ze Hu didn’t even try to hide his hatred for Luo Feng.

It has always been clear that the tiger fang squad and the fire hammer squad weren’t on good terms.

Very quickly, the nine members of the thunderbolt squad left.

Wan-Ke Dream city is gigantic in area, and the thunderbolt squad continued to move forward in this small sector.

“Pan Ya” as they walked on the road, the old veteran frowned as he spoke.

“Senior Liu” the captain of the tiger fang squad neared and lowered himself.

The old veteran named Liu spoke solemnly: “Since you tiger fang squad members accepted this mission, you should know that the young master’s safety takes priority over everything! That twin headed black striped snake is indeed a treasure, but is not even close to the importance of young master’s safety. If something happened to the young master, not only will I not be able to escape, but all of you tiger fang squad members will die too!”.

The tiger fang squad captain froze, and soon nodded: “Understood!”.

“Ok, as long as you understand” said the old veteran named Liu coldly, “We’ll soon arrive at a ruined JJ liquor chain store. The young master will then kill the monsters in that area. If you guys want to steal others’ prey, do it yourselves. Don’t drag in the young master”.

“I understand”.

The captain of the tiger fang squad replied that, but was cursing in his heart.

Which fighter squad in the vicinity of #003 city is weak? If it wasn’t for the two ‘advanced level warlords’, the old veteran named Liu and the white brute, the tiger fang squad doesn’t even have the power to steal prey.

The tiger fang captain slightly nodded: “I understand. The fire hammer squad dared to enter #003 city, so I understand that their skill has increased”.

“Captain, we can’t delay anymore. Especially that Luo Feng, he just became a fighter not too recently. I heard he’s already a beginner level warlord” said Zhang Ze Hu hurriedly. Zhang Ze Hu is clearly the one who holds the most hatred for Luo Feng.

“This kid, does have surprising potential”.

The tiger fang captain said lowly, “Leaving our enemies like that will just make their threat to us larger and larger! Since we met them in the wilderness this time, well good, I’ll think of a way in these few days to kill them directly! Or else….. I’ll spend some money and ask senior Liu and the other senior to help”.

On the grass of the residential apartments filled with the scent of blood, Luo Feng, Gao Feng, and the three Indians were dissecting the gigantic snake. Not only did they take out the poison sacs, but they also took out things like the bladder. Of course, they’ll have to skin it. The skin of this twin headed black striped snake is worth quite a bit.

“Half!”

“Half!”

The Indian group and Luo Feng’s group quickly split apart the large amounts of material.

“No matter toughness or hardness, the scales of this snake is amazing” Gao Feng couldn’t help but to say as he touched the scales, “These scales are definitely important materials for battle uniform production!”. The most important invention by man–Ke Luo Alloy, is mainly made from all sorts of monsters’ material.

Of course, it was the ‘Blue Gold’ metal found on the moon that finally made the Ke Luo alloy! Ke Luo alloy allows human fighters to wear battle uniforms with extremely high defense and wield blades that are unrivaled in sharpness! Even some heated weapons gain a huge increase in power.

“Cooperate, great!” the Indian leader, the bald brute, squeezed out some Chinese as he greeted Luo Feng and Gao Feng.

“Haha, great” Gao Feng also laughed.

Luo Feng and Gao Feng both carried their bulging bags and headed upstairs. The snake’s scales seemed to have a huge area, but they were actually very thin. Half of the snakes’ scales stacked together can’t even fill up one bag! And fighter’s bags already had amazing elasticity. With the bag’s mechanism, you can adjust the size of the bag.

At its largest, you can make it as large as a regular man. However, that size isn’t needed for these scales.

They quickly arrived at the 12th floor of the residential building. Right when they entered, they were greeted with cheering.

“Warm welcome, warm welcome” shouted Wei Tie purposefully.

“Welcome back, captain and Luo Feng, from your battle” Chen Gu also said purposefully. Of course they were happy. Since Luo Feng and Gao Feng came back successfully, they would get quite a bit of money too.

Gao Feng didn’t have such a happy look on his face: “You guys saw the members of the tiger fang squad right?”.

“We saw them” the faces of Chen Gu, Wei Tie, and Wei Qing immediately sank. Chen Gu even grit his teeth: “I even wanted to shoot them in revenge for old Zhang!”. Out of the entire squad, Chen Gu was clearly the closest to Zhang Ke, since they were both from Ming-Yue sector.

Together throughout the life threatening times, together as they went back home.

All these years, they’re even closer than brothers! But Chen Gu knew he couldn’t fire back them. Even if he was able to kill someone, the thunderbolt squad would certainly immediately take action….. at that point, there’s no turning back.

“Chen Gu, where’s the tiger fang squad right now?” asked Luo Feng.

“We’ve been watching them the whole time”

At the northern window, Wei Qing held his binoculars as he looked down, “that group just walked out of the dream city sector and are walking east along that street!”.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Luo Feng and the others immediately went. Luo Feng first took the binoculars and looked downwards. Indeed….. the nine members of the thunderbolt squad were walking along a street a few miles away. Thankfully, Luo Feng and the others picked a good residential building, a tall building that was farthest up north in their sector. In front of their residential building towards the northern sector were just some short buildings, so they could freely look towards the northern area.

“Captain, brother Chen” spoke Luo Feng.

“Hm?” the members of the fire hammer squad all looked towards Luo Feng.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to clench his fists and say with his teeth clenched: “I’ll never forget what they did to brother Zhang. I swore long ago….. once I meet the trash of the tiger fang squad in the wilderness, I’ll destroy them!”

“Luo Feng, your point is?” said Gao Feng in a surprised tone.

“I’ll go after them secretly and find a chance to kill all the members of the tiger fang squad! Since they were prepared to kill all of us, of course we have to strike first!”. Luo Feng will never forget the two sniper rifle bullets. One of them was barely dodged thanks to his spiritual force.

But the other one handicapped brother Zhang!

“Luo Feng, I’ll go with you. We have to avenge brother Zhang” said Chen Gu with his teeth clenched.

“Brother Chen, going alone is best for me” Luo Feng said in a low tone, “With my spiritual force, I can escape even from a wargod just by flying!”.

This is why spirit readers are horrifying!

Even if a wargod fighter is tens to hundreds of times stronger than them, even a weak spirit reader can fly! Other than spirit readers, only existences that surpass the wargod level can fly.

“Chen Gu, Luo Feng is right. You’ll just be a burden” commanded Gao Feng.

Chen Gu clenched his teeth. The captain said it in a bad way, but he knew the captain said it for his own good.

“And if we want to destroy the tiger fang squad, then wouldn’t they try to destroy us too?” said Gao Feng, “Ever since their scheme from last time, of course they wouldn’t want us to live. However, they just haven’t met us in the wilderness. Now that they’ve met us….. they’ll take action for sure”.

Everyone there was surprised.

Indeed…..

With the way the tiger fang squad handles things, they’ll definitely do something like this.

“We killed enough monsters this time anyway and our bags are almost full. The other members of the squad will first return to the resupplying base” said Gao Feng, and then looked towards Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, you’re a spirit reader. No one knows how many times better you are at escaping than us, but you still have to be careful and not let your guard down”.

Luo Feng nodded.

As they talked, the members took up their binoculars and observed where the thunderbolt squad was headed.

“They entered the JJ liquor chain store” said Chen Gu excitedly, “Looks like that’ll be their temporary base”.

“No delay, let’s go now” said Gao Feng clearly.

Luo Feng also stood up and saw the captain and the others off.

This was already the border of the city, so Luo Feng saw the captain and the others off in just two to three miles on the highway. After leaving the #003 city section, there were barely any monsters. It’ll be weird if something happens to the fire hammer squad on the highway with their current strength.

“Luo Feng, be careful” Gao Feng and the other members of the fire hammer squad looked towards Luo Feng.

This time, Luo Feng is going to take up the fire hammer squad’s task alone.

“Captain, don’t worry, none of the members of the tiger fang squad will make it out alive!” laughed Luo Feng, and then he became a shadow and disappeared into the distance and towards the city densely filled with buildings far away.


Chapter 75: Can’t wait anymore

At times, Luo Feng would sprint, and at times, Luo Feng would suddenly hide behind a wall, waiting for the hungry monsters to pass by. Only until they pass does Luo Feng start moving forward again!

With his spiritual force scanning the area, Luo Feng can correctly determine whether or not there’s danger ahead.

“This house then!” like a cannonball, Luo Feng directly flew into the third story’s window of a three story villa.

Since no one has lived here for dozens of years, the room was long filled with dust. However, a few electronic household appliances could be discerned with just a look. It’s just that most of them were already split apart and broken. Luo Feng quickly flipped the Simmons mattress, since the opposite side was much cleaner. After a bit of cleaning up, he can sleep on it.

After putting his bag down, Luo Feng took out his binoculars and went to the northern window.

The window had tons of dust all over it, making the once transparent window seem like a black window. After opening the window halfway, Luo Feng took his binoculars and looked towards the north. His current position is within Wan-Ke dream city’s inner sector. From here, he can clearly see the northern JJ liquor chain store.

He can also see the street in front of the liquor store. Since there’s only a difference of two miles between the street and his villa, with Luo Feng’s eyesight, he doesn’t even need binoculars to see what’s happening on the street. But with the binoculars, he can see more clearly.

“JJ” Luo Feng stood in front of the window and watched silently.

5 minutes later.

“Hm?” Luo Feng let out a face of happiness, “It was originally that building!”. Through the binoculars, Luo Feng could see two people standing on the rooftop of the six story liquor chain store five miles away. They were both currently holding binoculars, and the two were Zhang Ze Hu and a gunner named Li Xiao.

“I have to wait for my chance” Luo Feng put down his binoculars and started his days of observation.

At this time, inside the JJ liquor chain store.

The tiger fang captain said coldly: “Tiger, Xiao, both of you look closely! We must find out where the fire hammer squad is hiding! Since their team’s Chen Gu has to use his sniper rifle, then they must be at a high location! So you guys look towards the higher levels of the tall buildings and search for them”.

“Yes, captain” Zhang Ze Hu and Xiao stood on the rooftop and, through their binoculars, continuously searched the tall buildings in Wan-Ke dream city.

“Pan Ya, the information you told me about the fire hammer squad is correct, right?” the old veteran, whose hair was gray, frowned.

The tiger fang captain followed: “There is definitely no problem. The information for these six people are extremely accurate….. only this Luo Feng’s info is changing. He was scouted by the Dojo of Limits and is extremely talented. His strength has already reached the beginner warlord level”.

“Okay”.

The old veteran named Liu slightly nodded, “If so, Pan Ya, find me after you have located the fire hammer squad’s position”.

“Okay” the tiger fang captain responded as he smiled.

Unfortunately, the tiger fang squad couldn’t even find the fire hammer squad’s shadow. Dawn of the next day.

“Young master, according to the plan, young master’s goal at dawn today is that low level commander monster. That monster is high in power but low in speed. At that time, Ka Long and I won’t help” smiled the old veteran Liu. The mixed youth laughed: “Okay, you and Ka Long watch on the side. I’ll take care of it myself”.

The white brute also smiled.

“Pan Ya” the old veteran named Liu turned his head and commanded, “The two members of the tiger fang squad that were on night watch can rest today, the rest of the members will come with us”.

“Understood” the tiger fang captain, Pan Ya, smiled.

As of now, the tiger fang squad consists of two intermediate level and four beginner level warlords!

“Steel head, Dong. You two were on watch last night, so rest here today” commanded Pan Ya. Protecting that young master is their first priority, so naturally, the members they leave behind are the weakest two….. and of course, the two are picked from the four beginner warlords.

Today it was steel head and Dong. Tomorrow it’ll be tiger and Xiao. Taking turns.

“Understood” the bald brute and Dong, who was cleaning his gun, smiled.

“Let’s go” commanded the old veteran named Liu.

The mixed youth, the old veteran named Liu, the white brute, and the four members of the tiger fang squad. The seven of them left the liquor store, leaving behind the bald brute and Dong in the spacious room.

“Damn, having a powerful father is just great” the bald brute couldn’t help but to say, “To gain experience with fighting against monsters, two advanced level warlords can be summoned as bodyguards. Even our whole squad is here to cover him. Hmhm….. when I came out here in the wilderness the other year, I had to bring out everything I had with my life on the line”.

Dong laughed: “How can we compare with him? Didn’t you hear him….. that senior Liu or whatever. He even said in a tone of a butler–‘The young master’s goal for today is a low level commander monster who is high in power and low in speed’. ****, he even has the training session all scheduled out! Which monster to kill first and which monster to kill next!”.

In a dangerous place like the wilderness.

When does the fighter ever have the chance to decide anything!

If you encounter a powerful monster, can you just immediately shout ‘I’m not fighting this monster’? If you don’t fight, then the monster will chase after you and force you to act.

“But that young master is different. If they encounter a powerful monster, then that senior Liu can just take care of it. They’ll especially wait for a low level commander monster for their young master to practice on” laughed the bald brute as he shook his head. Luo Feng, who woke up early in the morning and was already squatting in wait, quickly saw the seven members of the thunderbolt squad walk out the liquor store.

“Seven? Wasn’t there nine in total?”.

Luo Feng immediately thought, “Then the other two must still be inside the liquor store!”.

Luo Feng understood his strength well.

Against an ‘intermediate level warlord’, he can certainly wipe the floor with them. However, it’s hard to say about what will happen if he fights against an ‘advanced level warlord’. For example, he might be able to instantly kill his opponent if he attacks them by surprise, but if that fails….. then there’ll be a problem. Since in a frontal fight, an advanced level warlord can immediately dodge away from a sniper rifle bullet.

An advanced level warlord’s reaction speed is much higher than his own.

“Out of the nine members of the thunderbolt squad, that white brute and the old veteran named Liu are most likely advanced level warlords. Or else they wouldn’t have been so arrogant and have tried to steal the twin headed black striped snake’s corpse”.

“Let’s say that I go alone and face all nine of them! With a surprise attack and some luck, I might be able to succeed. However….. only one of them has to spread the word that I’m the murderer to the world via their communications watch and, once that happens, I’ll be in huge trouble”. Luo Feng understood that, from the old veteran named Liu and the white brute’s attitude towards that mixed youth and how they call him ‘young master’…..

That mixed youth’s background is extremely horrifying!

Since that person can get two advanced warlords as bodyguards, then that big person behind the mixed youth is at least a wargod! Or maybe even a position higher than a wargod!

“Right now, there are only two people in the liquor store, should I kill them?”.

Luo Feng hesitated, and then decided against it.

“I can’t kill them. If I kill these two, then the other seven will be on guard. If so, then it’ll be much more troublesome to kill the tiger fang captain and Zhang Ze Hu”.

“I don’t believe that my chance won’t come!”

Day after day passed, and the thunderbolt squad never found the fire hammer squad. And Luo Feng never found a good chance to strike! Everytime the thunderbolt squad left the liquor store, only the two people who were on night watch remain. First it’s steel head and Dong, then it’s Tiger and Xiao.

And they took turns…..

Luo Feng waited for nine whole days!

“****!”

“They’re too systematic!” Luo Feng had a bitter face on, “This thunderbolt squad is just that young master’s nanny squad!”. Not only did Luo Feng watch the liquor store, but he also watched the seven people that came out to hunt these past few days. He tried to see if he could find a moment where the tiger fang squad was separated from the old veteran named Liu and the white brute.

But, not even one moment was found!

The thunderbolt squad was always protecting that mixed youth and never strayed too far, giving Luo Feng no chance at all.

The tenth day!

“If I keep waiting like this, then I’ll probably never get a chance by the time they start to return to the headquarter city! I can’t wait anymore!” Luo Feng clenched his teeth and a cold light flashed across his eyes, “Today is the tenth day, so it should be Zhang Ze Hu and that gunner Li Xiao guarding the liquor store….. Zhang Ze Hu, hmph, I’ll destroy both of you two today!”.

At the JJ liquor chain store.

“Tiger, Xiao, you two haven’t slept all night so take a good rest now” said the tiger fang captain and he smiled.

“Understood, captain”.

Zhang Ze Hu and Li Xiao both smiled as they replied.

“Let’s go”

With a command from the old veteran named Liu, the tiger fang squad and the others followed him. A total of seven people left the liquor store. And Luo Feng, who saw that the seven people have left the store, quietly left his own spot and went along another road headed towards the liquor store.


Chapter 76: Zhang Ze Hu, Die!

The dawn of winter was quite cold, and some of the monsters’ corpses on the ground were freezing up. Luo Feng slowly walked on this road, and there were two shadow cats enjoyably feasting on a wild boar’s flesh. However, right when they realized someone was coming, they quickly hid.

Monsters had some intelligence too. In #003 city, all the humans meddling around here were very powerful, so one or two soldier level monsters can’t stop them at all.

“Those two shadow cats probably went to summon the other shadow cats”.

Luo Feng swiftly went through the road and continued going forward, going around in a huge circle on purpose to waste some time. He slowly moved forward, and took around half an hour to arrive at the northern door of the liquor store.



The door to the liquor store was extremely dirty, and there was some black colored blood that not even rain can wash away on the ground. Luo Feng stood alone there.

“It’s been half an hour already, so the seven members of the thunderbolt squad have probably walked far away by now”. Luo Feng looked at the door in front of him that has been long broken, and immediately focused his spiritual force onto his armbands, the shield on his back, and his blade. This powerful force made Luo Feng’s body extremely light; every one of his steps became light.

“Upstairs!”

He went along the staircase step by step without making even the slightest sound.

Luo Feng was extremely careful, but right when he reached the third floor, with a glance, he saw that there was a huge mastiff tiger that was slowly moving forward. That mastiff tiger also instantly found this human fighter, Luo Feng! Both of them practically noticed each other at the exact same time, and Luo Feng was so scared he immediately broke out in a cold sweat!

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Two black shadows basically instantly drew across the mastiff tiger monster, and its gigantic head fell off before it even had the chance to roar. The two throwing knives flew around in a circle and then landed in the outer pockets of his pants.

“Phew, no problem” Luo Feng was relieved, “Thankfully this monster didn’t remember to roar. If it attracted Zhang Ze Hu and Li Xiao’s attention, then there would be some trouble”.

Even though killing Zhang Ze Hu and Li Xiao is as easy as killing chickens.

But if Zhang Ze Hu and Li Xiao were cautious, then they might be able to contact the other members of the thunderbolt squad right before they die….. once the other members of the thunderbolt squad know that there’s a human fighter targeting them, then Luo Feng’s next action would be tens to hundreds of times harder to carry out.

“Sixth floor!”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to let out a smile when he reached the sixth floor, luckily he only encountered one monster on the way to the sixth floor. The thunderbolt squad probably quickly scanned the building the first time they came here, and that mastiff tiger monster probably just entered the liquor store not too long ago.

On the hallway of the sixth floor, Luo Feng slowly moved forward.

“In the room with the window pointed towards the south, the eighth window from east to west”. Luo Feng couldn’t be sure as to which room this eighth window corresponded to.

“It’s probably one of these three or four rooms”.

Luo Feng held his breath and his light body made no sound. He walked into one of the rooms and stopped, then put his ear near the wall and listened carefully. Indeed, he could slightly hear some chatting sounds, which made Luo Feng determine that those two were in that room. He then quietly walked outside the room.

“It should be this room” Luo Feng scanned the situation of the room with his spiritual force.

“They’re just chatting there?” Luo Feng laughed.



Inside the room.

Zhang Ze Hu was currently sitting against the broken sofa, while Li Xiao was cleaning the machine gun in his hand. Both of them were nonchalantly chatting.

“That fire hammer squad sure has no balls. Last time they met us, they directly ran straight back to the resupplying base. No wonder we couldn’t find them no matter how long we searched” insulted Zhang Ze Hu as he said. Li Xiao laughed coldly: “They can escape for now, but not forever. Since we’re enemies now, they’re dead for sure”.

Zhang Ze Hu sneered: “They think they can fight against us with just them? Hm?”.

Zhang Ze Hu’s face slightly changed, and Li Xiao’s face also slightly changed.

“I felt like there was something just now” Zhang Ze Hu looked towards Li Xiao. Li Xiao also frowned as he said: “I also, felt something”.

Since fighters are always on the border of life and death, they’ll have some feeling in their heart when they encounter danger. And they had such an obvious feeling because….. Luo Feng scanned the room with his spiritual force. When this spiritual force spreads out, regular people have a hard time noticing it, but powerful fighters will still have some feeling of it.

“Could there be a monster outside?” said Zhang Ze Hu quietly.

“Probably” Li Xiao nodded, “Even though we cleaned up all the monsters in the entire liquor store when we first came, there could still be some monster horde that just entered the store”.

“KA!”

Li Xiao held his machine gun while Zhang Ze Hu held his machete. Both of them stood up and headed towards the door. After several dozen years of corrosion, the locks of these doors were long broken. With a light pull from Zhang Ze Hu, the door easily opened. And outside of the door was neither a human’s shadow nor a monster’s shadow.

“Not many sounds” Zhang Ze Hu and Li Xiao exchanged glances. Zhang Ze Hu then took in a deep breath and cautiously started to exit the room.

And then!

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Two eerie, black lights instantly appeared in front of Zhang Ze Hu and Li Xiao. One of the eerie, black lights instantly drew across Zhang Ze Hu’s left arm and instantly cut his left arm off. After cutting the arm off, without slowing down, it instantly drew across gunner ‘Li Xiao”s neck, causing Li Xiao’s head to fly up.

And the second eerie, black light instantly drew across Zhang Ze Hu’s throat!

PUCHI! PUCHI!

Fresh blood poured out.

“Eh–eh–“Zhang Ze Hu’s eyes were wide open, but he couldn’t make a sound.

These two black lights were way too fast. There was probably only one or two meters between Zhang Ze Hu and the black light, and Li Xiao was only three or four meters away from it. In such a short distance…… against a speed even faster than a bullet fired from a sniper rifle, how could they dodge?

Maybe an advanced level warlord would have a chance of survival but, as for them, they didn’t even have the tiniest chance.

“Eh–“Zhang Ze Hu wanted to speak, but he couldn’t make a sound. He wanted to press his tactical communications watch, but his left arm was already cut off and the tactical communications watch was on the ground.

“I’m going to die? How, how could I die?”

Zhang Ze Hu grabbed his throat with his right hand. As fresh blood crazily poured outside from his throat, he could clearly feel his life slowly fading away, “How could this happen? HOW COULD THIS HAPPEN!!!”

Suddenly–

A shadow appeared at the door, wearing a fighter’s battle uniform, alloyed boots, and had a shield and blade on his back. His two eyes were coldly staring at him.

“Eh!” Zhang Ze Hu’s eyes instantly became round as he stared, as he couldn’t believe which fighter was in front of him!

Luo Feng!

It was actually Luo Feng!

It was actually that rookie Luo Feng who he didn’t take seriously at all???

“You go on first, the other members of the tiger fang squad will join you soon enough” Luo Feng’s voice rang. Zhang Ze Hu’s mouth was wide open, but with his throat slit, he couldn’t say anything at all. And as Zhang Ze Hu felt his vision starting to fade, the two eerie, black lights returned to Luo Feng and hovered in front of him. Clearly, they were two throwing knives.

The two throwing knives just hovered like this, and then landed inside Luo Feng’s thigh’s pockets.

“Ah, ah!” Zhang Ze Hu’s eyes were wide open as if he wanted to say something, but his body froze and instantly, lifelessly fell to the ground.

Before dying…..

He finally realized Luo Feng’s biggest secret–Luo Feng was actually a spirit reader!!! Before dying, Zhang Ze Hu saw the grave, nightmarish future of all the members of his tiger fang squad.

Silence!

Only the ‘DRIP’ sound from the blood hitting the ground rang throughout the room; there was no other sound. The two corpses just lay there, and Luo Feng silently stood there as he looked.

“Zhang Ze Hu” Luo Feng lowered his head as he looked at the person in front of him.

Right from the start, Zhang Ze Hu thought he was a seasoned veteran while Luo Feng was just a rookie. So that’s why he didn’t lower his head at all when they were discussing about Zhang Hao Bai’s case. And it was then that Luo Feng’s spiritual force awakened.

That argument was just a small case.

If you want a reason, then blame the time where the tiger fang squad tried to kill everyone in the fire hammer squad. Thankfully, Luo Feng managed to save everyone in the end, but even so, Zhang Ke still lost his arm.

Because of that, the fire hammer squad clenched their teeth as they swore for revenge.

The tiger fang squad also feared that the enemy would grow strong, so they tried to destroy them completely! Both of squads wouldn’t rest until one side was dead!

“With Zhang Ze Hu and Li Xiao’s death, there are still four members of the six tiger fang squad members remaining” Luo Feng stood at the door as he thought to himself, “Once they come back here and realize that these two have been killed, they’ll certainly get cautious and think about the various possibilities! Then….. I have to decorate this scene and trick them. It’s up to the heavens whether or not this works”.


Chapter 77: Making the scene

Luo Feng swiftly rushed down the stairs, all the way from the sixth floor to the first floor, to the entrance of the liquor store.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked around the area.

“There aren’t many large monster packs nearby, how annoying” Luo Feng frowned as he could see a few monsters around with just a glance, but there weren’t enough monsters. For his plan, he wants to trick the other seven members of the thunderbolt squad into thinking that Zhang Ze Hu and Li Xiao were killed by monsters.

After that, Luo Feng sprinted along the alley towards the outer area. After leaving the alley, with a glance, he noticed a large horde of horned boars. There were at least one hundred of them. If a regular fighter saw this, they probably wouldn’t even have time to run away, but Luo Feng let out a smile.

“It’ll be them” Luo Feng swiftly got closer to them.

“HOWL~~”

Quite a few horned boars were staring at this human fighter. One enraged roar carried from the horde, which was from the leader of this horned boar horde! Suddenly, all the horned boars spread out and crazily rushed towards Luo Feng. In an instant, the entire street started rumbling.

RUMBLE~~ The horned boar horde came rushing!

“****, I was going to kill one or two monsters first to make them hate me first. I didn’t know it would be this easy to get them to chase after me” Luo Feng turned around and started running away. He quickly headed towards the alley and started running in there.

RUMBLE~~

The alley was quite wide, so two horned boars could run in it side by side. Luo Feng was sprinting ahead while the horde of horned boars were crazily chasing from behind.

“PUCHI!” “PUCHI!”

Two eerie black lights flew around a circle and returned to Luo Feng. The two horned boars in front of the horde instantly died, and another horned boar behind them also had a gigantic wound. At this time, the horned boars’ enraged howls became even louder, showing that they were clearly even more enraged.

“The angrier the better!” Luo Feng, like lightning, went up the stairs past the backdoor of the liquor store.

RUMBLE~~

The horned boars crazily flew up the stairs one by one. The quality of the concrete making up the stairs was pretty good; even after a dozen years, it can still support the running of the horned boars. Luo Feng purposefully ran ahead the horde by around 10 meters and rushed to his destination–sixth floor!

After arriving at the sixth floor, under the effects of Luo Feng’s spiritual force, Zhang Ze Hu’s machete and Li Xiao’s machine gun started hovering. The machine gun even dragged along the long, long bullet chain with it.

The machine gun floated in front of Luo Feng, and so did the machete.

“HOWL~~” the monsters, like a flood, rushed into the sixth floor. Each of them went along the hallway as they crazily charged towards Luo Feng.

“Come at me!”

Luo Feng sneered and a crazed light appeared in his eye. His spiritual force pulled the trigger, and the large barrel of the machine gun started roaring as it crazily fired bullets out one by one. The force of each boar’s charge was absurd, so even though the bullets crazily shot into the horned boars, they couldn’t make them stop!

Puchi! Puchi!

The floating machete started crazily dancing around, drawing across the throats of the horned boars one after another. The bodies of the boars that lost control started slamming into the walls, “RUMBLE~~” , the walls started splitting apart after getting slammed into so many times. With the power of both the machine gun and the machete, dozens of horned boars were killed in a breath. The hallway was filled with corpses.

“HOWL~~” an enraged roar came.

A huge horned boar with black spots and shining silver fur appeared.

However, the machete and machine gun already fell beside the two corpses in the room, and Luo Feng himself has long jumped out the northern window!

Whoosh!

Luo Feng shot down the window like lightning and, using his spiritual force on both of his arm guards, created an uplifting force which slowed him down. Luo Feng easily landed on the roof of a two story building, sprinted right into an alley, and quickly disappeared.

……

“HOWL~~”

The horned boar horde, which lost a couple dozen monsters, madly rammed the insides of the liquor store as they tried to find that damned human fighter. They didn’t find that human fighter, but they did find two fresh human fighter corpses. These horned boars then immediately crazily chewed up the flesh of these corpses.

To horned boars, the flesh of humans is indeed a delicacy.

Even more horned boars went for the corpses of the dead horned boars! For the monsters that live in such cruel environments, they are rarely able to eat any humans, so they mostly eat other monsters’ corpses….. for especially savage monsters, eating corpses from the same species is very normal.

Whether the human corpses or the horned boar corpses, they quickly became a pile of crushed bones.



Luo Feng snuck back to his original spot and watched silently.

“The seven members of the thunderbolt squad will probably come back in around two hours”. Luo Feng finally saw the seven people in his field of vision, “Well yeah, you could hear the roars of the monsters everywhere in #003 city, and the battle just now occurred in the liquor store….. since the thunderbolt squad is only a few miles away, it’ll be weird if they didn’t notice”.

……

In front of the liquor store, the seven high-spirited members of the thunderbolt squad laughed as they returned.

“Young master’s blade just now was beautiful, it so accurately drew across the throat of that commander level monster, ‘Rapid Wolf’” the captain of the tiger fang squad smiled as he praised, but his expression suddenly froze.

“Hm?”

The tiger fang captain looked towards the interior of the liquor store, and the other members of the thunderbolt squad did the same.

“The scent of blood!” the old veteran named Liu directly walked into the liquor store, and the others followed, “The scent of blood became stronger”.

“A large scale battle happened here, one or two monsters can’t have such a heavy scent of blood” the tiger fang captain frowned, and the one eyed middle aged man beside him immediately pressed his tactical communications watch and yelled: “Tiger, Xiao! Tiger, Xiao, both of you hurry and respond. What happened?”.

The faces of the four members of the tiger fang squad all changed.

“Captain, they didn’t reply” the one eyed middle aged man looked towards his captain.

“Maybe they didn’t notice that their watches were vibrating” the bald brute couldn’t help but to say.

Fighters are all extremely sensitive, how can they not notice?

The tiger fang captain said quietly: “Let’s go take a look upstairs”.

“Go, let’s go see” the old veteran named Liu also commanded. Soon, the seven of them all arrived at the staircase, but after seeing the marks on the staircase in front of them, all of their faces changed slightly. Clearly, this staircase was just stomped on by a huge amount of monsters; quite a bit of the concrete was already split open.

“Everyone be careful”

The seven of them carefully and slowly moved forward.

Even though they went slowly, they arrived at the sixth floor without spending too much time.

“Hu!” the seven members of the thunderbolt squad all took in a deep breath. The entire sixth floor of the liquor store was clearly a huge mess. The walls of the rooms of the liquor store were smashed to pieces, the floor was filled with marks of blood, and there were large amounts of crushed bones from corpses, most of them being from monsters.

All the hearts of the seven members of the thunderbolt squad sank, they knew….. that Zhang Ze Hu and Li Xiao weren’t lucky today.

“Look, there are even bullet holes on the wall”

“There are quite a few bullet shells on the ground. Xiao probably fired his machine gun to try and stop the monster horde. Sadly, there were just too many of them”.

Everyone quickly found various marks.

Soon after, everyone looked at the ripped up battle uniform, the slightly deformed machete, the completely smashed up machine gun, and a few human bones.

“Tiger’s machete and Xiao’s gun”

“These two battle uniforms……”

The battle uniforms were extremely sturdy. Even though they were chewed up by the horned boars and were in tatters, they could still be made out. They were precisely Zhang Ze Hu and Li Xiao’s battle uniforms.

“How could this happen?” the bald brute couldn’t help but to clench his teeth as he said, “Tiger and Xiao were in their room. How could they be so unlucky to meet a hungry monster horde?”

“Go, let’s go downstairs!” the old veteran named Liu suddenly ordered.

“Downstairs?” the one eyed middle aged man, the bald brute, and Dong were all shocked, and then were slightly angry.

The tiger fang captain frowned as he ordered: “Alright, tidy up Tiger and Xiao’s remains and then go downstairs!”. Since their captain gave an order, of course they wouldn’t dare to refuse.

……

Moments later, the seven members of the thunderbolt squad stood in the lobby of the liquor store’s first floor.

“Everyone should know” the tiger fang captain, ‘Pan Ya’, said quietly, “With Tiger and Xiao being as cautious as they are, even if a monster horde enters the liquor store, they should have had over a 50% chance of escaping! Even if they couldn’t escape, they should have been able to contact us once they noticed danger!”.

The faces of the other members slightly changed and couldn’t help but to nod their heads.

“Indeed” the old veteran named Liu nodded and said, “It’s suspicious because these two didn’t contact us at all before dying. So I’m worried that someone purposefully set up the scene and left a listening device at the scene. That’s why I brought everyone downstairs to discuss about this”.

The other members of the tiger fang squad couldn’t help but to respect the old veteran named Liu even more.

To be able to instantly find the problem and make his decision, old veterans are clearly more experienced.

“This is one possibility, the other possibility is…… the commander level monster in the monster horde! Once they found the traces of those two, they sneakily attacked them. Huge amounts of monsters rushing upstairs…… under such an urgent situation, the two of them didn’t have the chance to contact us” the old veteran named Liu continued speaking.

The four members of the tiger fang squad exchanged glances.

The mixed youth let out a worried expression, and the old veteran named Liu laughed as he quietly said: “Don’t worry, young master. Even if someone made this scene, he isn’t necessarily targeting you. Wargod fighters wouldn’t use such tactics and warlord fighters wouldn’t dare mess with you”.

“Senior Liu, taking the young master’s safety into consideration, we should return back to the headquarter city” spoke the tiger fang captain, ‘Pan Ya’.


Chapter 78: Phone call with his little brother

The scent of blood that emanated around the liquor store filled the heart of Pan Ya, the tiger fang captain, with anxiety: “Their death could’ve been caused by monsters. But it’s even more likely that a fighter was behind this! And what kind of regular fighter would dare to go against young master Li Wei? They most likely have a grudge against my tiger fang squad!”.

He was clear of this young master’s identity. Even though he’s a mixed youth, his father is Chinese.

Whether the strength of the young master’s father, or his background….. few fighters would dare to anger this young master Li Wei.

“No need” the old veteran Liu waved his hand, “With me and Ka Long here, the young master’s safety is guaranteed”.

The white brute also looked at the few members of the tiger fang squad and laughed coldly.

“Young master Li” Pan ya couldn’t help but to look at the mixed youth.

“My training schedule isn’t over yet” frowned the mixed youth.

Senior Liu slightly frowned as he said, “Fighters always walk on the border between life and death. How can you be so afraid about some uncertainties? If you’re always so afraid, how can you ever accomplish anything in the future?”.

Pan Ya and the others said nothing.

“You guys can just keep following us. Wouldn’t that work?” when senior Liu said this, Pan Ya and the other members of the tiger fang exchanged glances. All of them abandoned the thought of returning to the headquarter city. They were clear….. that following two advanced warlords was indeed very safe.

“Senior Liu is right. If we’re always so afraid, can we even be considered as fighters? Even if someone is actually after us, right when we find him, we’ll kill him directly” a cold light flashed across Pan Ya’s eyes.

“We’ll listen to senior Liu” the one eyed middle aged man laughed as he said.

The members of the tiger fang squad all signalled that they’ll listen to senior Liu.

“This place is full of the scent of blood, let’s switch a location” said senior Liu.

Immediately, the seven members of the thunderbolt squad left the JJ liquor chain store.



Luo Feng silently watched with his binoculars from his original location.

“They indeed left the JJ liquor chain store” the seven members of the thunderbolt squad left the store and went along the street for quite a bit, and then disappeared from Luo Feng’s field of vision.

“Shit, this villa isn’t high enough so I can’t see that far”.

Luo Feng swiftly got his backpack, shield, and blade and flew out the villa like a jaguar. He sprinted at an astounding speed and directly rushed into the tall apartment building across the street. This apartment building was 18 stories tall. With Luo Feng’s shield and blade all affected by his spiritual force, Luo Feng’s speed was shocking.

A shadow continuously dashed up the stairs.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Within a few seconds, he went from the first floor to the 18th floor! In one of the rooms on the 18th floor, Luo Feng stood beside the northern window and looked down through his binoculars. From such a high location, he was able to see further. He quickly found the seven members of the thunderbolt squad walking along the street. These seven people walked along for quite a bit, and then finally entered a broken residential apartment that was six stories tall.

“I wonder if the scene I made had any effect” Luo Feng squinted, “Whether it works or not is up to the heavens”.

“I’ll keep waiting for my chance!”.

Luo Feng started his days of watching again.

As a fighter, you first need enough patience and determination! Without either of them, how could you ever achieve astonishing power? Naturally, Luo Feng was fine with watching alone.

On the first day, the thunderbolt squad went hunting during the afternoon. This time, all seven of them left together.

The second day, the thunderbolt squad went out in the morning and afternoon, allowing their mixed youth young master to train. Like before, the seven of them left together, giving Luo Feng no chance. The third day, they still went out in the morning and afternoon, and they still went out with all seven members together.

“Looks like this tiger fang squad is actually suspicious” Luo Feng sat on the bed that he already slightly cleaned and silently looked through the window. As of now, the sky was dark and filled with stars. The starlight shone into the room through the window. The air was slightly filled with the scent of blood.

“What should I do?” Luo Feng frowned.

If it keeps going on like this, then that mixed youth young master’s training schedule will finish and might return back to the headquarter city.

“Ring~~”

Luo Feng felt the tactical communications watch on his wrist vibrate slightly. When he looked down, he saw that it was a phone call from his brother.

“Recall” commanded Luo Feng.

“Beep–beep–beep–Hello, bro!” Luo Hua’s voice came from the watch.

“Luo Hua, how come you’re calling me?” a smile filled Luo Feng’s face, as he was extremely happy. Hunting down other people in the wilderness all alone is lonely….. to be able to chat with his family, his entire heart felt warm.

“I’ve just been thinking about you bro” Luo Hua was clearly relaxed and happy, “Bro, I’ve recently made a ton of money from my stocks again, it feels great”.

“Oh?” How did you get the money?” laughed Luo Feng as he asked. Luo Hua excitedly said: “Six of the eight stocks that I’ve been dealing with are quality stocks, while the other two are investment ones. The quality stocks are great and earn me lots of money every year. But out of these six stocks, one of them started plunging in value rapidly! I was so scared and thought something went wrong with the company. After looking into it, I didn’t find anything wrong with it! Jeez, if this happened to my investment stocks, then I would probably cut my flesh off”.

“But I have faith in these quality stocks and I’d rather hold on to them for a long period of time. And since I didn’t find anything wrong with the company, there’s nothing for me to be afraid of”

“If it drops, I’ll buy it!”

“It kept falling continuously, ****, it dropped for like a dozen days and lost 50% of its value. I virtually took 80% of all my money and threw it at those stocks. Who could’ve knew that it would start flying up in value these past few days. Within 20 days, not only did it return to its original value, but it even went a bit higher! Jeez, just from this, I basically doubled my money. Haha, feels great”.

Luo Feng could feel his brother’s excitement from the tone coming from the watch.

“Nice, way better than your brother” Luo Feng laughed as he complimented, “Don’t you have around 100 million right now?”.

He gave his brother 50 million last time, so Luo Hua should have around 80 million.

“Yea, now it’s around 170 million” laughed Luo Hua, “Bro, this is all thanks to the money you gave me. If my principal wasn’t great enough, how could I earn so much money?”.

Since he doubled the money.

If he only had 10 thousand, he would only have 20 thousand in total.

But since he had around 80 to 90 million, he turned it into 170 to 180 million. This is also why people say that your first 100 million is the hardest to earn, while your second 100 million is way easier to earn.

“You’re good. Your brother has been hunting in the wilderness for around two months, but I only earned around 100 million” said Luo Feng, but in his heart, he was amazed….. Playing around with stocks earns tons of money. You’re making money with money; the more money you have, the more money you earn! Of course, you could potentially lose tons of money too.

“However, bro, these chances don’t come around often” laughed Luo Hua.

Luo Hua has been playing around with stocks for years already, so making this much money in such a short time is indeed quite rare.

“Hm”

Luo Feng thought to himself while he operated his tactical communications watch. He entered his bank account and transferred 180 million to his brother’s account.

“Ah!” exclaimed Luo Hua in a surprised tone, “Bro, my account…..”

“Your brother just made a ton of money recently, so that’s for you. Work hard and use them in the stock market. If, one day, you reach 15 billion, your brother will give you a huge surprise!” said Luo Feng as he laughed. Luo Feng never told his brother about the ‘elixir of life’.

Since that thing is too expensive. But according to Luo Feng’s plan, if he and his brother both earn money…..

He can give some of his money to his brother, and his brother can use that money to make even more money. If they keep making money out of money, then maybe reaching 30 billion isn’t impossible!

“15 billion” exclaimed Luo Hua.

“Don’t worry, I’ll keep lending you money” laughed Luo Feng. Maybe then, his money and Luo Hua’s money combined will reach 30 billion.

After he gets the money, he’ll think of a way to purchase the ‘elixir of life’ so that his brother can stand up again!

“Okay, bro, I’ll work hard” said Luo Hua in a confident tone.

“Okay” laughed Luo Feng, “well, you should rest earlier”.

“Okay, bro, be careful in the wilderness”.

The two brothers quickly finished their call.

……

Ming-Yue sector, Luo Feng’s home. In his brother’s room on the first floor, Luo Hua excitedly closed his phone and started chatting on his computer.

“Hua, look’s like you’re having fun” smiled a young girl on the screen.

“Hehe, of course I’m happy” Luo Hua excitedly chatted with this young girl on the screen. This young girl’s cheeks were like a baby’s and had small ears and short hair. She seemed like a very bright and pure girl. She is Luo Hua’s girlfriend, ‘Xiao Nan’.

……

Since Xiao Nan’s college is right here, even if she’s a college student, she’s still sleeping at home.

Xiao Nan was currently in her bedroom chatting with Luo Hua through her computer.

And outside of her room, in the living room.

A middle-aged couple was currently sitting on the sofas in the living room. Even though they were watching TV, neither of them were focusing on it.

“What should we do?” the middle-aged woman said hurriedly, “You know Xiao Nan’s temper, if we split them apart by force, she’ll surely hate us”.

“If she wants to hate us, then let her. This is for her own good!”.

The middle-aged man couldn’t help but to angrily say, “She never went through any sort of hardship since she was young. Does she still think she’s living in a fairytale? We aren’t extremely rich, but we are still living a good life. Our girl has nice looks, so why is she with a handicapped person? That handicapped person’s brother is a fighter! But so what if he’s a fighter? It’s not like his brother is in a relationship with our girl”.

“No matter what, I can’t watch our girl jump into a fiery pit like this!”

“If it wasn’t for old Li, I never would’ve known that our girl was dating that Ming-Yue sector’s handicapped person behind our backs. I’m so infuriated right now” the middle-aged man’s face was livid.


Chapter 79: Huge Chance

The middle-aged woman hurriedly said: “Don’t be angry. No matter how angry you get, it’s no use. You only have this one daughter, so what can you do? Most importantly, we should think of a way to separate our daughter with that handicapped person, and try our best not to hurt our daughter’s feelings”.

“I UNDERSTAND!”

The middle-aged man was then silent with a frown on his face as he smoked.

The smoke from the cigarette emanated around the room, and the room remained silent for a while. The only sound was the “Tick, Tock” from the mechanical clock.

The second morning, #003 city was filled with a deathly, cold air as usual. And the usual heart-chilling monster roar carried from the city from time to time. If we say Jiang-Nan city is a technologically advanced city teeming with life, then this city that used to be the greatest city of China a few decades ago is now a playground for the monsters. Here, you could see the stains of blood and corpses anywhere and everywhere.

This is the monster den!

In that 18 story apartment that was filled with dust, Luo Feng, in his battle uniform, held his binoculars as he looked down in one hand and ate a skewer of meat on another hand, taking a bite and chewing twice before he swallowed.

Chew, swallow.

In the aged room, it was clearly quiet: there was only the sound of Luo Feng’s chewing.

“Gulp gulp~~” Luo Feng took out his water sack and drank a bit. After a moment, he took another drink.

Luo Feng didn’t bring too much food and water to the wilderness, so he has to conserve a bit every day.

“All seven of them together again!” Luo Feng looked through his binoculars and clearly saw that the seven of them left the six story apartment building together under the morning mist. Luo Feng frowned as he angrily threw his binoculars on top of the bed on the side.

Luo Feng massaged his temples and spent the whole day stooping; his eyes were extremely tired.

“All seven of them together every day. They don’t give me even the slightest chance” frowned Luo Feng, “At this rate, I’ll have to keep waiting until that young master finishes his training plan. When that happens, I would’ve wasted all my time waiting! What should I do?” Luo Feng quickly started thinking, since he hasn’t even had a single chance to take action.

Is he just going to wait like this?

“There are no chances”

Luo Feng’s eyes flashed and he clenched his teeth, “Since there aren’t any chances, then I can make them!”

“Aren’t they always together? I’ll force them to separate!” Luo Feng lightly tightened the cap on the water sack.

……

Around three hours later, the seven members of the thunderbolt squad carefully treaded forward in the old den of the monsters. Sometimes they move forward, sometimes they walk around, and finally they arrived at the six story residential apartment from before.

“Time to act!”

Luo Feng, who was fully equipped, slightly smiled as he left his room and ran down the stairs like a swift monkey. Even Luo Feng can’t be too cocky after leaving this 18 story residential building, so he carefully moved forward while searching the area.

Avoiding monsters is hard, but finding them is easy!

15 minutes later, Luo Feng arrived at a dog-type monster horde that had around two to three thousand monsters. This dog-type monster horde was staying in a gigantic factory that manufactured home appliances. Usually, no human fighter would even try to challenge such a horde, since the threat of two to three thousand monsters is too great.

“Roar~~”

The roars of the large monsters echoed around the factory and the smell of urine emanated around the area.

“Heh, what a strong monster horde” Luo Feng looked through the cap of the wall, “Let’s begin!”.

Soon after–

“Roar~”

“Roar Roar Roar~~”

The monsters in the factory howled madly. The death of a few dozen monsters caused this huge monster horde to become enraged, because they have never suffered such shame before. Even the leader of the monster horde and two high leveled commander level lion mastiffs started howling. The entire monster horde crazily chased after.

“They sure run fast!”

The hexagonal shield on Luo Feng’s back was under effects of the powerful force of his spiritual force; in an instant, Luo Feng became a flying hurricane.

RUMBLE~~

Some tiger mastiffs were mixed into the lion mastiff horde. The tiger mastiffs ran just as quickly as the lion mastiffs as they chased after Luo Feng. The ones in the front of the horde were sprinting at a rate of 70 to 80 m/s! Under such astonishing speed, it would take only 30 seconds for them to cover the 4 miles between the factory and the six story residential building!

Just 30 seconds!

And Luo Feng ran towards the six story residential building like lightning.

In one of the suite rooms on the sixth floor of the six story residential apartment, the seven members of thunderbolt squad were resting. Actually, when the entire monster horde was howling as they chased after Luo Feng, the seven members of the thunderbolt squad weren’t alerted at all…. because what kind of place in the city doesn’t have a monster howling in a four mile radius?

But after around 10 seconds.

“Seems like a battle has occurred to our east” laughed the one eyed middle aged man.

“Who cares, there’s always a fight going on between fighters and monster hordes here in #003 city. This time, a fighter probably enraged some monster horde” the tiger fang captain, Pan Ya, was completely calm. Since he has dozens of years of experience as a fighter, he has seen this type of scenario way too many times.

But in the time that these words were passed around.

“The monster horde seems to be really close to us now!”

“Even the building is shaking a bit”

Within an instant, the seven members of the thunderbolt squad rushed towards the northern window and looked down, and saw that there were large amounts of mastiff monsters near the entrance to the staircase of the six story residential apartment. Some of the lion mastiff monsters were even charging into the staircase. In just these few seconds, the entire residential apartment started shaking, like an earthquake was occurring. The roars of many monsters also echoed around.

“BOOM!” The door to the room where the seven members of the thunderbolt squad were in was blasted open.

The lion mastiffs with their SUV sized bodies charged in the room one by one. Not only was the door directly smashed into smithereens, but even the walls were startling to crumble. The over a thousand monsters were continuously smashing the residential building up. It seemed like the building could fall down at any moment.

And outside of the residential building were around one to two thousand more lion mastiff monsters. These lion mastiff monsters can’t even enter the building, so they just surrounded the residential apartment completely. If you can imagine a scene where one to two thousand SUVs are surrounding a building, then you can imagine how scary it’ll be for so many monsters to surround a residential apartment.

“WHAT’S GOING ON!!!” the mixed youth immediately started screaming as his face turned pale.

Anyone would panic after witnessing the apartment building that has shook so much that it’s on the verge of collapse, the large amounts of monsters pouring into the room, and the densely packed horde of monsters surrounding the residential apartment building below.

“Protect the young master! Tiger fang squad, protect the rear!” roared the old veteran named Liu.

“DADADADA~~~”

Dong Zi’s machine gun was crazily roaring and the bullet shells crazily flew around. The powerful bullets shot into the bodies of the lion mastiff monsters one by one. The monsters were charging so quickly that even when they were hit by the bullets, they would continue charging forwards. The bald brute, the one eyed man, and the tiger fang captain Pan Ya relied on their cold weapons to smash the monsters to the side one by one.

“PENG!” “PENG!” “PENG!”

The old veteran named Liu and the white brute already brought the mixed youth along with them as they directly jumped out the window.

“Let’s go!” The tiger fang captain roared and was the first to follow as he jumped from the window.

“Dong Zi, hurry!” roared the one eyed man.

When comparing physical fitness, gunners are the weakest. The gunner, Dong Zi, also clenched his teeth as he jumped out the window. Finally, the one eyed middle aged man and the bald brute also jumped out the window. Even if a beginner level warlord fighter is carrying several hundred kg of things on him, they wouldn’t suffer any injury from jumping from a height of six stories.

However, the thing awaiting them below isn’t a flat ground, but over a thousand monsters!

……

The walls of the second floor of the residential apartment were already smashed into pieces. And Luo Feng was hiding in the corner of a room on the second floor!

When Luo Feng rushed into this room, he used his spiritual force to control the concrete walls, the stone tables, etc. to completely seal the bathroom he is in, and he even broke the ceiling. After the concrete fell down, the room was completely ruined, so even after the monsters charged in, they wouldn’t be able to find Luo Feng.

After that, the monster horde spotted the thunderbolt squad on the sixth floor and directed all their attention onto them.

Standing beside the bathroom’s window, Luo Feng stared outside and his ears were listening closely.

“They’re fighting!” Luo Feng heard a few faint roars from the sixth floor.

After that, three shadows quickly fell from above.

“They jumped” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed and two black throwing knives immediately hovered beside him.


Chapter 80: Arrival of the Wargod

Out of the three shadows, the first to fall was the old veteran named Liu and the mixed youth, followed by the white brute. Closely following them was the captain of the tiger fang squad, ‘Pan Ya’.

“HOWL~~”

“Protect the young master, charge out!” right when the old veteran named Liu landed, his legs smashed onto two nearby lion mastiff monsters like two war axes. The two lion mastiff monsters howled in pain as they flew away and smashed into seven or eight nearby lion mastiff lion and tigers, causing chaos in the area for a moment.

The white brute had a gigantic two handed sword in hand as he crazily charged forward! The tiger captain, ‘Pan Ya’, supported the white brute beside him.

One of them had unrivaled strength while the other was sinister and unpredictable. The two of them combined were like a bulldozer, sweeping away the monsters in front of them.

“HOWL~~”

A low, thunder-like sound started rumbling. Not too far away, a huge body that was around four to five meters tall and even larger than an average truck appeared. It’s whole body was silver and was even slightly reflecting light, since there were some silver scales on it’s fur. There was a small bump on it’s huge forehead, as if it was going to break it’s fur open.

This is one of the two high level commander level monsters in the whole horde!

A high level commander lion mastiff!

“BOOM!” With just a leap, the commander lion mastiff flew a distance of 20 meters like a silver light and shot straight towards the thunderbolt squad.

“Pan Ya, you protect the young master and hurry up and run” roared the old veteran named Liu. With a blade in hand, he howled, “KA LONG!”.

“UNDERSTOOD!” The white brute also roared.

The old veteran named Liu and the white brute engaged the commander lion mastiff at virtually the same time. There was no helping it; if they didn’t engage it….. then the mixed youth would be in grave danger. “HOWL~~” The commander lion mastiff roared and it’s body started to blur a bit as it’s claws headed straight towards the two humans in front of it.

“QIANG!”

“KUANG!”

“BOOM!” The clash between the two advanced level warlords and the high level commander level monster caused chaos. The surrounding lion mastiffs were caught in and blown away. Even the surrounding walls and the floor was affected and messed up. With large amounts of lion mastiff monsters supporting, the commander lion mastiff was practically even with the veteran named Liu and the white brute.

PENG! PENG! PENG!

The gunner Dong Zi, the bald brute, and the one eyed middle aged man also jumped out at this time.

However, the one eyed middle aged man, the bald brute, and the gunner Dong Zi were all panicking. The group of the old veteran named Liu, the white brute, the mixed youth, and Pan Ya were able to mess around in the monster horde, but the one eyed middle aged man and the others were clearly having a hard time.

“Hurry, let’s go” said the one eyed middle aged man.

“Hurry!”

“DADADADA~~” Dong Zi dragged his machine gun along as he freely fired at the surrounding monsters.

At this time–

“HOWL~~”

After the heart shuddering howl, another huge body that was also completely silver came jumping down from the six story apartment. Suddenly, the lion mastiff leader that was fighting against the old veteran named Liu and the white brute immediately started roaring excitedly as it conversed with the huge shadow coming from above.

Another lion mastiff leader! Also a high level commander!

The faces of the old veteran named Liu and the white brute changed drastically. They glanced at the tiger fang captain ‘Pan Ya’ and the mixed youth who were already far away….. when the two of them were stalling the large amounts of monsters, Pan Ya and the mixed youth were able to get away.

“Hurry, go!”

“Go”

The white brute and the old veteran named Liu didn’t dare to delay at all. Even without the monster horde, they couldn’t go head to head with two high level commander monsters….. and there’s a gigantic monster horde surrounding them!

“HOWL~” “HOWL~”

The two high level commander level lion mastiff leaders roared as they charged; would they allow these two damned humans to get away?

……

On the second floor of the ruined six story residential apartment, Luo Feng watched what was going on outside through the window silently. The white brute and the old veteran named Liu ran away while the one eyed middle aged man, the bald brute, and Dong Zi were still bitterly charging out, Luo Feng let out a smile on his face.

“Now’s the time!”

Two black throwing knives instantly flew out from the window towards the one eyed middle aged man and the bald brute in the horde of the lion mastiff monsters.

It’s better like this!

If he fought out in the open, then the one eyed middle aged man who has reached the intermediate warlord level could put up a bit of a fight, but under this ambush…..

“PU!” “PU!”

The brains of the one eyed middle aged man and the bald brute were instantly pierced and blew up like watermelons. Soon after, the two eerie black lights virtually instantly pierced through the head of the gunner Dong Zi, who was currently crazily shooting his machine gun! When the three of them died, they were filled with fear, question, and dissatisfaction.

They didn’t even know what killed them.

“RUMBLE~~” the three human corpses were instantly charged at by the large amounts of monsters. The lion mastiff and tiger mastiff monsters excitedly ripped apart their flesh.

In the bathroom on the second floor, Luo Feng quietly watched the two lion mastiff leaders charge after the old veteran named Liu and the white brute.

“Out of the six members of the tiger fang squad, five of them are already dead!”

“Good, all according to plan. Even though I was the one behind this, they’re clueless” Luo Feng was satisfied with what he has done so far, since he doesn’t want to hurt that mixed youth. As long as you aren’t dumb, you can figure out that….. the power behind the mixed youth is great!

So–

Luo Feng didn’t attack the members of the tiger fang squad when they were with the young master!

However, because of the monster horde’s attack, the seven members of the squad split into three. Running in front was the mixed youth and Pan Ya, being chased by the two high level commander monsters was the old veteran named Liu and the white brute, while the last section was the one eyed middle aged man and the others!

Because the mixed youth, the old veteran named Liu, and the white brute have ran far away already, they couldn’t see what was going on with the one eyed middle aged man and the others at all, which was why Luo Feng chose that time to strike!

“However, the young master is probably in big trouble this time” Luo Feng thought to himself.

However, suddenly–

A blurry shadow of a human appeared in Luo Feng’s field of vision. This human was carrying some type of staff-type weapon. With a flash, he covered a few hundred meters and charged straight into the monster horde.

“RUMBLE~~”

A shocking blasting sound carried out, and the dozens of lion mastiffs and tiger mastiffs around Pan Ya and the mixed youth instantly turned into piles of flesh. The speed that surpassed the speed of sound caused the blasting sound.

The shadow moved again!

It directly arrived in front of the two lion mastiff leaders. The two lion mastiff leaders immediately let out an astonished howl and, surprisingly, started to run away!

“BOOM!”

The staff-type weapon harshly smashed onto the body of one of the lion mastiff leaders like lightning. The silver lion mastiff leader was launched up by around twenty meters, and all the scales on its body completely split open. Fresh blood sprayed around in the air, and while this lion mastiff was launched up by around twenty meters–

“BOOM!”

The shadow instantly chased after the other lion mastiff leader and also gave it a ferocious smash!

The lion mastiff leader was like a thrown bowling ball as it was launched away and then smashed into the large amounts of lion mastiffs and tiger mastiffs behind it. The lion mastiffs that were near were directly shocked to death, while the other large amounts of lion mastiffs and tiger mastiffs were smashed away.

As for the high level commander level lion mastiff leader, it rolled on the ground a few times and then stopped moving completely. Large amounts of blood came pouring from it’s nose and ears.

“BOOM!” And at this time, the lion mastiff leader that was launched high up into the air came crashing down onto the ground, not moving an inch.

In an instant!

Two high level commander level monsters instantly dead!

“AO WU~” All the lion mastiffs, tiger mastiffs, and some other low level commander level monsters were completely shocked. All of them wailed as they all started running away.

Only at this time did the shadow start to take up more of a form..

Luo Feng just saw what the guy looked like: a huge brute that was around 2.3 to 2.4 meters tall and a face that looked like it was sculpted. He wore a completely gray battle uniform and held a gigantic….. mace! One can’t help but to shiver after seeing the spikes on that mace!

“Too messed up”

Luo Feng looked at the two lifeless lion mastiff leaders’ corpses and was completely stunned. He was so shocked that he didn’t even dare to breathe loudly, “This is a wargod level fighter! It must be! I should be careful. If he finds me here, then there’ll be trouble”.

Even the throwing knives that were originally shot out, under Luo Feng’s will, dug into the ground. Luo Feng was too scared to retrieve them.

“Uncle Li!” The mixed youth came running over and thanked him repeatedly.

“Mr. Lee”

The old veteran named Liu and the white brute respectfully bowed.

The large brute laughed as he looked at the mixed youth: “Li Wei, when your dad received your SOS signal and found your location, there were two wargods nearby: me and brother Wang. He quickly contacted me first. Luckily, I wasn’t too far away….. so I could make it in time”.

“Uncle Wang is here too?” the eyes of the mixed youth flashed with light.

At this time…..

As if a wind blew past, a blurry shadow appeared in the vicinity. After stabilizing, a handsome person who seemed to be around 20 to 30 years old wearing a blue battle uniform appeared.

“Uncle Wang” The mixed youth yelled.

“Look at your shameful self” said the man as he slightly laughed.

The white brute and the old veteran named Liu didn’t dare to make a sound on the side, while the tiger fang captain Pan Ya was looking around the area. When he saw that there were some battle uniforms, remains from corpses, and a machine gun lying on the ground, his eyes couldn’t help but to turn red.


Chapter 81: Palace of Wargods

Tiger captain Pan Ya couldn’t help but to charge towards those battle uniforms and corpses. As he looked at the bloody remains, the tiger captain bitterly clenched his fists.

“Pan Ya, they’re already dead. What’s the point in being sad?” lowly shouted the veteran named Liu.

“Oh, what’s going on?”

The man named Wang smiled as he looked over and the mixed youth immediately laughed as he explained: “Uncle Wang, it’s like this. My dad let me come out here to get some combat experience. Not only is old Liu and Ka Long protecting me, but a warlord level fighter squad was also hired to protect me, in case we need more people. However, five out of the six members of their squad died, so he’s the only one left”.

“Six of them, and five of them died?”

A deep voice carried out from the throat of the huge brute, “Isn’t this squad just too weak!”

“Mr. Li” said the veteran named Liu respectfully, “It’s actually not because the tiger fang squad is too weak. Truthfully, in the past few days when we left to give our young master some combat experience, the two squad members guarding our point encountered an attack by monsters and died right there! And this time, when we were resting on the sixth floor, we were also mysteriously attacked by a gigantic monster horde…. those three were weaker, so they died in the monster horde”.

The man named Wang slightly frowned.

The huge brute also said in a confused tone: “What’s going on?”.

It’s very rare for a monster horde to attack a location where the fighters are hiding. And since this happened twice in a row, there’s clearly something wrong!

“Someone’s causing this behind your backs”

said the man named Wang silently, “It’s probably someone who has a grudge against the tiger fang squad!”.

Luo Feng was hiding in a bathroom on the second floor of a residential apartment building. His breathing was already as weak as it could get, but Luo Feng, who didn’t dare to make a sound, couldn’t help but to be surprised after clearly hearing what that man named Wang said: “This guy sure hit the mark!”.

“Someone with a grudge against the tiger fang squad?” Pan Ya walked over here.

“Uncle Wang?” The mixed youth also had a confused look on his face as he looked towards the man named Wang.

“Even though your dad has enemies, all of them are wargods! A wargod wouldn’t bother to come and kill a child like you. If that happens, then your dad will surely go mad and eradicate that person’s entire family” the man named Wang smiled as he said, “And also, if a wargod wanted to kill you, you would be dead within your first day of leaving the headquarter city”.

The mixed youth nodded.

“Your dad did the right thing. Li Wei, the training you’re undergoing is the best of the best. However, your current fighting strength is quite average”. The man named Wang asked, “How’s your fitness level now?”.

“My fitness level counts as an intermediate warlord. However….. I can only fight against most ‘low level commander level monsters’” answered the mixed youth.

“Average! Very average! Or you could say….. below average!”.

The man named Wang said in a dissatisfied tone, “Man’s intelligence is higher than monsters’! A horde leader’s intelligence is only roughly equal to a human’s! So….. a true fighter should be able to fight against a monster that’s the same level as him. A few messed up fighters can even fight against monsters above their level! Your fitness level is that of a intermediate warlord’s, and yet you can only fight against a beginner level commander? You still lack lots of training!”

The mixed youth earnestly nodded his head.

“Your fitness level is good, which is why your mom and dad bothered to spend tons of money on you!” said the man named Wang seriously, “With your talent, and your parents’ support, there’s a chance for you to step into the ‘wargod level’ within 10 years! So right now, you should seriously absorb some real battle experience! Only when you become a wargod and enter the ‘Palace of Wargods’ will people start to respect you and not treat you like a weak, spoiled child of a powerful man”.

“Understood, uncle Wang” the mixed youth clenched his teeth as he nodded.

His father is a first generation fighter, and his mother is one of the powerful wargod fighters in one of the super families in the European Union. With his parent’s genes, Li Wei is very talented.

Even without entering the wilderness, after around twenty years, his fitness level has reached the intermediate warlord level!

If his dad and mom spend large amounts of money, then it won’t be hard for Li Wei to step into the ‘wargod’ level.

“Dare to ask you senior, what is the Palace of Wargods?” the tiger captain ‘Pan Ya’ who didn’t make a sound until now couldn’t help but to ask.

Even the hiding Luo Feng couldn’t help but to pay attention, yeah, what exactly is the Palace of Wargods?

“Usually, people will only get contacted when they reach the “advanced warlord level”” the man named Wang glanced at him, “Your skill is pretty good, so it’s alright if I tell you in advance! The Palace of Wargods is a group formed by not only all the wargod level fighters, but also all the existences that surpass the wargod level in every headquarter city in all the five major countries on earth!”.

“You can say that all the wargods on the entire earth are part of the Palace of Wargods!”.

“And the strongest fighter ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’ are the creators of the Palace of Wargods! It’s a power made for us fighters” smiled the man named Wang.

The tiger captain Pan Ya was flabbergasted.

Even Luo Feng, who was hiding far away, was surprised. Holy shit, all the human wargods on earth forming one power together? And ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’ partnered up to create that group? Once this power is established, not even those powerful countries can do anything about it!

“The Palace of Wargods is the palace for fighters”

“The Palace of Wargods is the final fort for humanities battle against monsters!”

“The Palace of Wargods exist for two reasons. One, to chase our limits as humans. Two, to eradicate the monsters on earth!”.

Said the man named Wang as his eyes slightly flashed.

The blood of all the people at the scene were boiling, including the old veteran named Liu. He was excited, because he is at the advanced warlord level. Even though he’s just one step away, due to his age, it will probably be hard for him to get any stronger. Even Luo Feng, who was hiding far away, was excited.

“Alright, Li Wei, you guys should hurry up and leave”.

The man named Wang smiled, “Me and your uncle Li have to get ready to go and fight that ‘high level horde leader level’ steel armored dragon. This operation is very dangerous, so you should get far away from here. It’ll be better if you guys at least get to the highway outside the sector”.

“Steel armored dragon?” the mixed youth’s eyes were wide open.

Pan Ya, the old veteran named Liu, and the white brute all took in a deep breath.

“Holy shit” Luo Feng, who was hiding far away, was also surprised, “These two wargods sure are brave. A high level horde leader level steel armored dragon!”. A horde leader’s intelligence is roughly equal to a human’s. And naturally, the fitness level of this horde leader monster is higher than a human of the same level!

So, against a high level horde leader monster, usually even an advanced level wargod has to run.

Two wargods teaming against a high level horde leader?

Are they out of their minds?

“Haha, that steel armored dragon just laid eggs recently, so it lost lots of its strength” smiled the man named Wang, “This is the best chance!”.

“Laid eggs?” the mixed youth and the others were surprised.

“Alright, hurry and leave. That steel armored dragon is only 10 miles away from here. Once we take action, the large monster horde under it’s control will start moving….. and the surrounding area will get affected. So it’s safer for you guys to leave Shanghai city and run to the highway” explained the man named Wang.

All the horde leaders are intelligent, and will have a huge monster horde under it’s control.

“Okay, understood” nodded the mixed youth, “Then your nephew wishes uncle Li and uncle Wang good luck”.

“Let’s go”

After the mixed youth’s command, Pan Ya and the others immediately swiftly left. They wouldn’t dare not listen to a wargod’s warning, so they all immediately ran outside the city.

On the way.

The mixed youth and the other three were completely astonished.

“Mr. Wang and Mr. Li sure are strong. Hunting a high level horde leader! Even if it’s weaker after laying eggs, it’s still a high level horde leader” the old veteran named Liu couldn’t help but to say.

“Are these two people the legendary shadow blade brothers ‘Shadow Blade’ Wang Tong and ‘Bear Strength’ Li Kan?” Pan Ya couldn’t help but to ask.

“Correct”

The mixed youth proudly smiled, “When my dad and mom were young, they were in the same squad as uncle Wang and uncle Li. That’s a friendship to the death!”

The tiger captain Pan Ya couldn’t help but to be amazed.

This is the background! His parents are wargods, so naturally, his parents have quite a few wargod friends too!

“One day, I’m also going to become a wargod and join the Palace of Wargods! Once I join the Palace of Wargods, I’ll easily be able to make connections with other wargods….. at that time, I’ll also have my own gigantic network of wargods!” Pan Ya couldn’t help but to look forward to, “Yup, since I’m the only person left in the tiger fang squad, I’ll go search for a more powerful fighter squad to join!”.

And Luo Feng hid there without moving a hair.

Voices carried from outside.

“Are you done dissecting? Let’s go and prepare first. Our opponent this time is a steel armored dragon! If it was a high level ‘SIlver Moon Wolf’ or ‘Black Cloud Tiger’, then that’ll be easy to deal with! But a steel armored dragon’s speed, defense, power, and toughness are all too extreme. Now that it laid eggs, this is our best chance to strike” after listening to this sound, it’s clear that this is the voice of the man named Wang.

And the huge brute’s deep voice rang: “Got it, brother Wang”.

“Alright, depart!”

A slight sound of wind could be heard for a moment, and then nothing more.

Luo Feng looked through the window and saw the area outside. The two of them were already no where to be seen.

“That Pan Ya got lucky this time. Looks like I won’t be able to kill him this time” Luo Feng was clear that, once the mixed youth and the others leave the #003 city sector, this time’s hunt is over, “Yup, can’t risk it! Well, it’ll just have to wait until the next time I encounter him in the wilderness”.

A flash of curiosity then appeared in Luo Feng’s eyes: “Two wargods hunting a high level horde leader steel armored dragon after it’s been weakened after laying eggs? And it’s 10 miles away?”

“I must watch this battle”

Luo Feng’s heart itched. If he doesn’t watch such an amazing battle, then he’ll surely regret it!


Chapter 82: Peak Showdown

On the first floor of the trashed residential apartment, large corpses were laid out one by one with the scent of blood emanating away from them….. because of the killing from before, the monsters didn’t dare to come close, causing this area to be silent for a short time. And Luo Feng suddenly bursted out from the second floor of that residential apartment and the two throwing knives in the ground immediately flew back into Luo Feng’s thigh pockets.

“Two wargods will, not long from now, fight against that high level horde leader steel armored dragon. I should hurry and get to a good spectating spot!” Luo Feng glanced at the largest corpses, which were the two commander lion mastiffs, and shook his head as he sighed, “The wargods sure dissected these two corpses cleanly. The two most important materials were taken away”.

Originally, Luo Feng wanted to get some benefits for himself.

Luo Feng became a blurry shadow and swiftly headed south.

“The steel armored dragon’s nest is 10 miles away from here, which is that family mart….. then I’ll pick a residential apartment three miles away from there” Luo Feng made his decision while he sprinted. In this monster infested city made out of concrete and steel, even a spirit reader can’t let his guard down.

Sometimes he would sprint, and sometimes he would slow down to check around.

Overall, he was still pretty fast. 10 minutes later, Luo Feng entered the 16th floor of a 18 story residential apartment building!

“PUCHI~~”

Two eerie black lights rotated as they landed into his thigh pockets. Luo Feng smiled as he lightly opened the door to a room on the 16th floor. The room was sealed shut, but the formless spiritual force easily opened the lock, causing the huge door to open.

“The door to this room was locked and wasn’t destroyed. Looks like no fighter or monster came in here before in the past 30 to 40 years from the Grand Nirvana period until the present” Luo Feng entered and closed the door behind him. Indeed, all the objects in the room were orderly placed.

A glass cabinet, a sofa, a marble table, and a 24 inch T.V.

All of these things are the style from before the Grand Nirvana period.

“Hu!”

Luo Feng took off the wool blanket that was on the sofa, since the skin of the sofa itself was cleaner. He took that blanket and immediately ran to the balcony and wiped the glass on the balcony, and then opened the glass window.

“What nice scenery”

“I’ll stand here and try to take a good look at the monster nest ahead” Luo Feng threw the blanket aside and leaned on the railing as he looked at the area three miles away from his position. He only saw smoke, which completely covered the family mart that acted as the nest for the monsters. The naked eye couldn’t see past the smoke at all.

However, with the daylight sun shining down, the naked eye could see much more clearly than usual.

With his binoculars in hand, Luo Feng closely looked towards the area with smoke. At the smoke’s border, large pig-type monsters could be seen. Some of them were laying on the ground, some of them were walking around, and some of them even seemed to be competing against each other as they rammed into each other over and over again.

“There’s no commotion at all. Where are those two wargods?” Luo Feng tried his best to observe the area, but he couldn’t find the traces of those two wargods at all.

While Luo Feng was searching for the two wargods, in the room on the 12th floor of a residential apartment that was at a distance of around 500 meters away from Luo Feng, Wang Tong and the huge brute Li Kan sat cross legged as they drank some water, replenishing the water in their bodies.

“Kan” the young, handsome looking Wang Tong lightly sipped a bit of water, “When we directly barge into the nucleus of that monster nest and directly go against that steel armored dragon….. of course, it’s two underlings, the two ‘low level horde leader flame scale triple halberd boars’ will definitely come to its aid. At that time, I’ll leave those two flame scale triple halberd boars to you, Kan”.

“Okay” answered the huge brute Li Kan in a low voice. He lightly waved his mace, as if it was as easy as waving a match.

“Flame scale triple halberd boar, rank 1 out of the pig-type monsters! Not good to mess with at all. Your mission is just to stall them, no need to kill them” seriously reminded the young, handsome Wang Tong.

A steel armored dragon and two flame scale triple halberd boars!

With this kind of combination, they absolutely have the authority to rule over the entire #003 city sector. If it wasn’t for the fact that the powerful steel armored dragon just laid eggs causing it to dramatically decrease in power, Wang Tong wouldn’t dare to charge in.

“Brother Li, I’m ready” the huge brute Li Kan stood up.

“Okay”

Wang Tong also stood up and coldly watched the smoke covered area far away, “Go, let’s depart!”

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Two human shadows directly jumped off of the 12th floor, and as if they were human-sized grasshoppers, directly crossed a distance of 100 meters, landing on another building. Using that building as a boost, the two of them immediately flew into the forest of steel and concrete….. and the speed of both of them has long surpassed the speed of sound!

BOOM~~

When Luo Feng heard that sonic boom, he turned his head around….. and only saw two blurry images enter the smoke covered area.

“They already went in? So fast!” Luo Feng didn’t dare to be careless and closely stared at the smoke covered area.

“HOWL~”

“ROAR~~~”

Enraged howls immediately rang from the smoke covered area, as if the entire world was coming to an end. And the huge amounts of monsters outside of the smoke covered area also immediately sprinted into the area, causing the earth to shake for a moment!

“They started fighting?” Luo Feng could only stare at the smoke and guess, since he couldn’t see what was going on inside at all.

…..

The family mart that was full of dust and had quite a bit of blood stains had no signs of human life, for this has already become the playground for monsters.

“HOWL HOWL~~”

A huge being that was covered in deep green scales was currently in deep sleep as it lay in the family mart. Two bloody smelling smoke currents blew out of its nose, emanating around the area. The first and second floor of the entire supermarket had long been destroyed, causing the entire supermarket to be quite spacious. Just the first floor alone was around seven to eight meters tall.

Suddenly, the enraged howls of monsters carried from outside.

“HOWL~” This huge being slowly crawled up, it’s flaming red eyes could scare any human away.

This is a being that is five meters tall and around 10 meters long. And it’s tail is also an astonishing 10 meters long! It’s body seemed to be narrow and long, and there was one curved black horn on it’s forehead. When it stood up, a green egg that was around one meter tall appeared under it.

With just a movement from this green scaled beast, it disappeared from the supermarket.

…..

This family mart supermarket is the nucleus of the monster horde! There was a sea of monsters surrounding it.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

The two human shadows were as fast as lightning, speedily jumping on the bodies of the monsters as they charged towards that family mart supermarket.

“Hurry! Don’t fight or you might get held back by this monster horde” shouted Wang Tong.

“Understood” Li Kan was trying hard to hold back his tyrannical temper.

In front of the door to the family mart was a huge ‘Bloodthirsty Tank’ monster, and there were also horned boars there too. The scales of each of these monsters were much shinier, and also seemed to be much more intricate, than a regular monsters’. There seemed to be some intelligence in the eyes of these huge monsters.

Indeed……

All these huge monsters, surpassing the count of a hundred, were all commander level monsters! This is the nucleus of the entire horrifying monster horde!

In front of the horde made out of over a hundred commander level monsters were two huge monsters that seemed to be on fire, causing one’s heart to skip a beat. The bodies of these two monsters were full of flaming red scales, not a single other color! Their large heads especially stood out, having three huge curved horns pointing forwards!

Flame scale triple halberd boars! The race ranked one out of the pig-type monsters! Even the weakest flame scaled triple halberd boars were medium level commanders. And these two were low level horde leaders!

“HOWL~~” a roar that shook the skies then followed.

A blurry image appeared in front of the two flame scaled triple halberd boars. After the image cleared up, it turned into a body that was just a bit shorter than the flame scale triple halberd boars, a body that was full of deep green scales. Two smoke currents angrily shot out of its nostrils, and its eyes were staring at the two humans coming to kill it.

“Scum, die!” Wang Tong roared as huge amounts of monsters charged at him, but Wang Tong brought a rain of blood along with him as large amounts of monster corpses came flying from the sky.

The steel armored dragon felt like the two humans in front of him were powerful, and it turned back and looked inside the interior of the supermarket, it’s dragon egg was still there……

If they battle here!

The battle between an advanced level wargod and a high level horde leader, if the dragon egg gets affected, it’ll easily break!

“HOWL~~” The steel armored dragon let out a deep roar and suddenly flew outside. When it sprinted, it even caused a sonic boom.

“I knew this would happen!”

Wang Tong and Li Kan were extremely happy as they saw this. They have guessed long ago….. that because of the dragon egg that the steel armored dragon laid, it would probably give up on fighting in the old nest. This way, without being restricted by huge amounts of monsters, the chances of Wang Tong and Li Kan’s victory will increase by quite a bit.

“BOOM!” “BOOM!”

Wang Tong and Li Kan also instantly reached the speed of sound as they chased after it.

“BOOM!” “BOOM!” The two low level horde leader flame scaled triple halberd boars too reached the speed of sound as they chased after.

As for the commander level monsters, only around 30 of them chased after. The other elite commander level monsters were guarding the area, protecting their leaders’ nest. Out of these 100 commander level monsters, there were around 30 high level commander level monsters. With such a team……

Even a wargod can’t instantly charge inside.

…..

On the high building, Luo Feng was standing on the balcony as he watched with his binoculars. He saw an image, two images, and then two more images all connected as they charged out of the smoke covered area.

“Haha, they actually came out to battle” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed, “Hmhm, they’re all horde leader and wargod level!”


Chapter 83: Steal the dragon egg?

Dragon, whether for westerners or easterners, is a very respected and special name.

Before the Grand Nirvana period, no type of wild beast had the right to be called a dragon!

And after the Grand Nirvana period, after all the beasts’ genes mutated, all sorts of unique, horrifying monsters were born. The pig-type monsters have many categories, the dog-type monsters have many categories, cat-type monsters, rat-type monsters, gecko-type monsters, wolf-type, tiger-type, snake-type, eagle-type, bear-type…..

Each type has quite the number of species!

Other than these, there are some extremely special and rare monsters. No one knows how they came to be or what they evolved from. They were probably monsters that were born under extremely special conditions! These monsters will have some unique names, according to their strength…… humanity will bestow upon them different names.

Steel armored dragon! This is one of the special dragon species!

Because it’s speed, power, defense, knowledge, body structure, etc. are almost perfect, the humans have called it the ‘steel armored dragon’, giving it the title of ‘dragon’. To be able to receive such a name, one can imagine how powerful and horrifying the steel armored dragon is!

“HOWL~~” The steel armored dragon’s tail, which was practically longer than it’s body, was swiftly waving around, causing a dark green, hazy image to appear.

The steel armored dragon’s body was crazily headed towards ‘Shadow Blade’ Wang Tong.

“PU!” Because of the steel armored dragon’s attack, the asphalt sidewalk directly split open.

“RUMBLE~~”

Wang Tong and the steel armored dragon, one human and one monsters, first rammed into one of the residential apartments. The concrete wall of that residential apartment, like tofu, split open. With a brutal sweep from the steel armored dragon’s tail, all the walls and pillars of the building came tumbling down.

RUMBLE~~ The entire residential building fell, causing dust to fill the sky.

Hu~ Hu~

Wang Tong’s body was like a wave of soft wind, each of his lightning-fast movements had the taste of wind in them. The rhythm was clearly free. Even though the steel armored dragon’s attack was astonishingly quick and strong enough to cause a shocking shockwave, none of them were able to injure Wang Tong at all. And some of the scales of this steel armored dragon split into two.

“Who would’ve known that even after laying eggs, this steel armored dragon is still this powerful” Wang Tong was extremely anxious, “Since I’m a human, my body can’t take as much of an impact as this steel armored dragon can”.

“The saying goes that if you always defend, you’re sure to lose. I can dodge to the side for a time, but I can’t continue this forever”. “However, with it’s defensive capabilities, unless I hit it’s weak spot, just one or two broken scales wouldn’t affect it at all” Wang Tong frowned, “No chances, looks like I have to risk it and make my own chances”.

…..

“Too messed up”

Luo Feng, who was spectating on the balcony of a tall building from far away, couldn’t contain his excitement as he watched the two wargods, Wang Tong and Li Kan, battle against the three commander level monsters. All the concrete sidewalks, asphalt roads, commercial buildings, and even buildings that were over 10 stories tall that got in their way could only split open or fall. None of them could block their battle. And a falling building that’s over 10 stories tall couldn’t even hurt a hair on their bodies!

“It is said that the bodies of horde leader level monsters are even tougher than diamond and that even guided missiles can’t harm them! Looks like they weren’t lying!”

When the buildings that were over 10 stories high fell, even if some of them smashed against the steel armored dragon, a shake of the steel armored dragon’s tail was enough to directly smash apart the falling concrete, exposing the reinforced steel within. After throwing them up, the scales of the steel armored dragon weren’t even scathed at all.

Easy and relaxed, the speed of the horde leader monster and the human wargod’s movements all surpassed the speed of sound!

“Well, this is a high level horde leader monster and not a normal one, but a ‘steel armored dragon’. This is way more powerful than the black-crowned golden eagle that I saw on T.V a while ago” as Luo Feng watched, his blood boiled, “Sadly, the exchange of blows between the them are just too fast, I can’t even see them clearly”. Luo Feng could only see the terrifying destructive power caused by the fight between both sides.

“HOWL~~”

“ROAR~~”

Along with the monstrous, enraged roars came over ten million monsters under the lead of around 30 commander level monsters that covered the entire ground as they came charging. For a time, the entire ground was shaking. The two flame scaled triple halberd boars that were currently cooperating as they fought against the huge brute, Li Kan, immediately let out some excited, sky-shaking roars.

…..

“That huge brute named Li sure is strong” Luo Feng was spectating from the balcony and looked at the scene below that seemed like the world was ending, “That mace is powerful and his dodging is extremely quick, it’s absolutely the ‘Ru Wei class’ dodging technique, and he’s very experienced with it. He’s able to use the every single part of the surroundings. He’s even able to use the monsters charging at him. This control over the battlefield is way above me”.

Luo Feng critiqued and at the same time, absorbed experience.

Even though he’s also Ru Wei class, he still isn’t able to perfectly use every part of the surrounding area to assist him in a battle to the death.

“And that guy named Wang is even stronger”

Luo Feng’s amazement showed through his eyes, “His technique, not only does it far surpass the ‘Ru Wei class’, but it also surpasses the huge brute named Li’s ability to ‘control the surrounding’… it has reached a natural level with it’s own will. His body is just like the wind. For technique, he’s definitely a master!”.

Even though Luo Feng’s technique is superb, there’s still an obvious difference when compared to these two wargods.

Actually…… Luo Feng didn’t know exactly who these two were.

Shadow blade ‘Wang Tong’, an advanced wargod that is famous around the world! His best partner, ‘Bear Strength’ Li Kan, is an intermediate wargod whose speciality lies within his strength. His strength could be compared to an advanced level wargod’s.

These two people have gone through huge amounts of battles to the death and are the absolute elite of this world, so they have huge amounts of experience.

Which is why their technique was so superb.

“The man named Wang is injured”

“No wait, it was a trick. The steel armored dragon’s head is injured now” Luo Feng’s eyes were wide open as he observed through the binoculars in hand.

“****, the entire monster horde is enraged, even those two flame scaled triple halberd boars are enraged too”

“Wait, even though that steel armored dragon is heavily injured, it’s even more enraged than before. That man named Wang is trying his best to dodge out of the way”.

Luo Feng was extremely excited, “Oh yea, that man named Wang is trying to avoid this steel armored dragon’s spirit! This wargod sure is cruel, and his blade sure is fast!”. Luo Feng realized that the man named Wang desperately tried to control the rhythm of the battle, but even though the steel armored dragon has been weakened from laying an egg, it’s body structure was still way above this Wang Tong.

“Rhythm, yes, control the rhythm of the battle”

“If this goes on, then maybe the man named Wang can actually kill that steel armored dragon. Hmhm, at that time, maybe they’ll even get the steel armored dragon’s dragon egg. An egg that can give birth to the unique species ‘Steel armored dragon’, that sure is worth a lot”.

Suddenly, Luo Feng’s eyes flashed…..

Dragon egg!

“Steel armored dragon, the two flame scaled triple halberd boars, these three horde leaders have all come out. The two wargods are here too! Which also means….. since there’s no horde leader monster at the monster nest, I would have a chance to enter the nest and steal the dragon egg?” Luo Feng could only hear his heart go ‘THUMP’ ‘THUMP’, as if it was about to burst out his chest.

His heartbeat was like the beat of a drum!

Excitement, nervousness!

Luo Feng wasn’t planning to steal the dragon egg before. He thought that once the two wargods head over there, they’ll be fighting against the three horde leader level monsters at the old nest. If that happens….. then if he goes, he’ll just be flying towards his death. However, the situation now is different.

“For brother to truly stand up from his wheelchair and walk under the sunlight like a normal person, he would need an ‘elixir of life’. This ‘elixir of life’ is worth at least 30 billion! Unless I become a wargod, then, at this rate, it’ll take a super long time for me to earn that much money. Stealing this dragon egg away is the perfect chance!”.

Once this thought appeared in Luo Feng’s mind, he couldn’t contain himself anymore.

The price of a dragon egg is beyond high. Since the corpse of a dragon isn’t too hard to get, but a dragon egg is…… Since receiving the news of a dragon laying an egg is extremely difficult, and the monsters that have received the title of ‘dragon’ are extremely proud. Once they think they might die, they would rather destroy the egg than allow it to fall into human hands.

Because of this, the amount of dragon eggs that humans have got around the world is extremely low. Naturally, the price would also be high.

“Even though that family mart is a monster nest and there are huge amounts of monsters stationed there… no horde leader monsters are there right now! If I fail, then I’ll just escape!” Luo Feng clenched his teeth, “I’ll go for it. If I succeed, then I’ll earn a ton!”.

Instead of continuing to spectate, Luo Feng immediately jumped off of the balcony on the 16th floor and headed towards the ground like an arrow.


Chapter 84: Step on the Shield, and Fly!

While Luo Feng headed towards the nest of the monsters, Jiang-Nan city that was around a thousand miles away was still in a time of peace; this was where humanity’s peaceful land was.

Yang-Zhou city, Ming-Yue sector.

A blizzard last night caused the entire sector to be filled with snow. A group of kids happily made some snowmen and fought in snowball fights. A couple old people were also slowly and freely taking a walk inside the sector. The streets outside of the sector were filled with manly sports cars and Coupes with beautiful curves. Sometimes, an extravagant car with flying capabilities could be seen flying by.

Chen Gu and his wife sat on a clean stone bench as they watched their children make snowmen not too far away.

“The headquarter cities are definitely a better place to be in” Chen Gu couldn’t help but to sigh.

“They are good, since the wilderness is filled with monsters. Only fighters can go out there. I say, old Chen, when are you going to retire from your fighter squad?” Chen Gu’s wife on the side said sadly, “You’ve been giving it your all for all these years. It’s about time you take a break and enjoy life”.

Chen Gu looked at his wife, and then looked at his son at a distance: “My wife, I can’t keep thinking about retiring! Our fire hammer squad is currently in a period of rapid growth, and I want to fight with my old brothers for a bit more. Maybe after another one and a half years, my strength won’t be able to keep up with the squad’s. And at that time, the squad is probably going to recruit new members. When that happens, I’ll retire!”.

Chen Gu was clear…..

Besides Luo Feng, the members of the fire hammer squad were quite old. With Luo Feng’s astonishing rate of improvement…… after another one and a half years, Chen G, Wei Qin, and Wei Tie probably can’t keep up, so it’ll be normal for them to retire.

“I heard from Luo Feng’s parents that Luo Feng still hasn’t returned. Is he still in the wilderness?” asked Chen Gu’s wife.

“Hm, yeah” Chen Gu nodded.

“Isn’t he trying too hard” Chen Gu’s wife couldn’t help but to sigh, “He should know when to stop. And the headquarter city is so peaceful and comfortable”.

The headquarter city is comfortable, and it’s free from the threat of monsters. Today’s technology brings mankind various types of comfort.

As for the wilderness, danger lurks everywhere.

“What do you understand, if everyone just wanted to enjoy themselves, then how would mankind fight against monsters?” Chen Gu couldn’t help but to scold, “It is because of the efforts of countless scientists and their painstaking work and, more importantly, the power of the wargod fighters, and even the existences beyond the wargods! Because of them, humans can peacefully live in headquarter cities!”.

A headquarter city and the wilderness are practically two different worlds.

One is a comfortable, peaceful world.

One is a bloody world where danger lurks in all corners. In the wilderness, only the absolute elite, the ‘fighters’, can venture there.

“Oh yea, my wife, when Luo Feng’s parents ask you again, you just tell them….. Luo Feng will be back soon” said Chen Gu.

“I understand” Chen Gu’s wife nodded.



Unlike the atmosphere of the headquarter city, a peak showdown was going on with two wargods and three horde leaders in the northern outskirts of #003 city, a city with practically the largest amount of monsters in all of Europe and Asia.

“I need to increase my speed!”

“Otherwise, if the monster horde leaders achieve victory and return to the nest, I’ll have no chance at all. If the human wargods achieve victory, then I’ll still have no chance if they go to the monsters’ nest” Luo Feng was speedily moving forward, “My only chance is this small timing where they’re fighting against each other”.

Luo Feng, who was supported by his family and friends in the headquarter city, was now using all of his power to race through the city that was densely packed with monsters.

Luo Feng quickly entered the smoke covered area.

“Hm?” Luo Feng gasped and dashed into the 5th floor of a six story residential building. From the window and through the smoke ahead, tons and tons of all types of monsters were densely packed on the streets. Even some shops, residential buildings, offices, etc. were densely packed with large amounts of monsters.

With the supermarket as it’s core, the smoke covered area was filled with monsters!

“What should I do?” Luo Feng frowned, “The monsters are too densely packed. I have practically no chance of entering without attracting any attention”.

Even the two great wargods Wang Tong and Li Kan can’t enter this densely packed area without attracting any attention. They can only choose to barge in with force!

“If wargods can’t sneak in, then if I try, I’ll die for sure”.

“Looks like, there’s only one way!” Luo Feng shook his head as he laughed. Luo Feng’s biggest advantage compared to the wargods is…… flight!

KA! KA!

Luo Feng unbuckled the hexagonal shield on his back and, under the control of his spiritual force, the shield hovered in front of Luo Feng.

“Hmhm, flying into the nest of the monsters. Exciting” Luo Feng leaped onto the hexagonal shield, which just hovered around half a meter away from the ground.

“Go!”

Whoosh!

The hexagonal shield shot out of the window with astonishing speed. When Luo Feng controls a knife, he can make it surpass the speed of a bullet fired from a sniper rifle! However, the weight of the shield added with Luo Feng’s weight is a bit much. But with Luo Feng’s powerful spiritual force, he can still make the hexagonal shield travel at near the speed of sound.

However…..

“I can’t fly too quickly, or else the sonic boom would be too loud and therefore attract the monsters’ attention” Luo Feng stood on his shield as he flew around 50 meters above the ground.

Since the smoke was thick, the field of vision of both humans and monsters was small. Because of that, Luo Feng wasn’t discovered!

“The smoke sure has helped me out a lot”

Just like this…..

Even though the monsters were all over the ground, the shops, the residential apartments, and the offices, the monsters under the steel armored dragon’s command were all land monsters and not flying ones, so none of them could fly….. that, and the small field of vision prevented the monsters from discovering Luo Feng.

“Family mart!”

Luo Feng, who was in midair, barely found the short building that took up a lot of space. The entire family mart had five stories. According to the original design, the first and second floors were part of the supermarket. As for the third, fourth, and fifth floors, they were used for larger home appliances, etc. Of course, after dozens of years, these goods are unrecognizable after being ruined by monsters.

But the five story building was practically the same as it was when it was built.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng took out the binoculars from his bag and carefully observed. Even though there was a lot of smoke, looking through the binoculars was still clearly more effective than using the naked eye. Through the window that has long been shattered, a few monsters on the third, fourth, and fifth floors of the family mart could be seen.

Strangely enough, there weren’t any monsters on the first and second floor.

And there were huge amounts of monsters everywhere in the surrounding area near the supermarket.

“The intellect of the horde leader is extremely high, like a human’s!” Luo Feng thought to himself, “If I was the horde leader, then I would certainly wish that my underlings would be restricted from coming to the place I was living at. So the first and second floor is most likely where the horde leader, ‘steel armored dragon’, lives!”.

“As for the third, fourth, and fifth floor, his elite forces should be the only ones that have the right to live there. I guess they’re commander level”.

Luo Feng carefully observed from above the five story supermarket. He even circled around the supermarket and examined this monster nest from all directions. Without absolute certainty, Luo Feng wouldn’t dare to barge into this monster nest.

“This is–”

Luo Feng was in midair, holding his binoculars as he observed the ground below him. This pair of binoculars was especially made for fighters. It was expensive, but at the same time, also very effective. Luo Feng could barely see the monsters standing in front of the front door of the supermarket….. These monsters were all huge and had slick fur and detailed scales.

“Medium level commanders, This one is a medium level commander, high level commander, medium level commander, high level commander….. medium level commander….. high level commander…..” Luo Feng continuously differentiated.

After differentiating 52 monsters, Luo Feng stopped looking at the other half of them.

“Out of these 52 monsters, there are 32 medium level commanders and 20 high level commanders! Not even one low level commander”.

“There are probably near a hundred commander level monsters in this horde stationed at the front of the monster nest. I estimate that there’s around 60 to 70 medium level commanders and 30 to 40 high level commanders” Luo Feng speculated as he gave out some numbers, and couldn’t help but to be surprised.

Holy shit!

This monster nest, besides the huge amounts of monsters outside, even has this ‘commander squad’! And there are 30 to 40 high level commanders!

If it’s a beginner level wargod, he’ll probably flee! If he fights, he’ll most likely die!

An intermediate level wargod, might have a chance.

An advanced level wargod, probably can rush through the defense of this commander squad.

“What should I do? There are monsters on the third, fourth, and fifth floors! And there are countless amounts of monsters surrounding the supermarket and there’s even a commander squad in front of the front door….. How can I get in? How can I, under the condition of not attracting their attention, steal that steel armored dragon’s dragon egg away?” Luo Feng speedily thought to himself while he stood on his hexagonal shield in midair in the smoke filled air.


Chapter 85: The Nest of the Steel Armored Dragon

The supermarket was square shaped and had an open space. That space was originally made for customers to leave their cars and to allow more customers to enter the supermarket. Before the Grand Nirvana period, there were over 100 million people living in the surroundings. And that’s not including potential customers who visited from other areas.

However, in the present day, the open space was filled with countless monsters.

“How can I enter the steel armored dragon’s nest and steal the dragon egg away?”

“Should I rush as fast as I can through the first or second floor’s window?” Luo Feng, still in midair, watched the densely packed monster horde below, “With all these monsters, quite a few of them would see me rush in! And then it’ll be over!”.

“I should go down first. Staying in midair like this uses up quite a bit of spiritual force” Luo Feng flew above the center of the supermarket. The supermarket took up a huge amount of area! Likewise, the area of the roof was just as astonishing, and it was completely empty; not a single monster in sight.

This isn’t surprising, since even the monsters enforce their levels.

Horde leader, commander, soldier!

With the supermarket acting as the core of the monsters’ nest, the monsters living here are also the ones with the highest position in the monster horde….. either commander level or horde leader level! These monsters don’t like dealing with the weather, so most of them lived on the third, fourth, or fifth floor.

As for the steel armored dragon, it had the first and second floor all to itself.

The two low level horde leader ‘flame scaled triple halberd boars’ lived in a commercial building right beside the supermarket, around 100 meters away.

Only the countless regular monsters have to deal with the rain and wind as they stay in the open space. And whether a horde leader monster or a commander monster, they naturally wouldn’t allow those regular monsters to enter the core area, which is why there wasn’t a single monster on the roof.

Whoosh!

Directly descending from the sky, Luo Feng flew down to the middle area of the roof. The monsters in the open space were all quite far from Luo Feng, so they didn’t discover him.

“How am I supposed to enter the first and second floor?” Luo Feng stooped on the roof, “The third, fourth, and fifth floors are probably all filled with the elite of the monsters!”.

“The open space of the supermarket is also filled with countless monsters”

“How am I supposed to get in?”

All the plans Luo Feng formulated were rejected in his mind. Clearly, the nest of the steel armored dragon was like a steel wall, extremely difficult to barge into.

“RUMBLE~~”

The battle between the two wargods and the three horde leader monsters made it seem like the sky was shaking and the ground was shattering. Countless howls of monsters quickly followed after a roar and the sound of a building falling carried over.

And Luo Feng was still stooped as he thought to himself.

“That’s it!” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed, “The supermarket has five floors above the ground, but with the underground parking lot, there’s six floors in total!”

“These kinds of supermarkets all have elevators, and there should be two of them. One of them is opened to the customers, while the other one is used to transport the supermarket’s goods. This elevator well is a direct passage! As long as I can find this elevator passage, then I can directly fall to the first and second floors in a breath!”

Of course, the elevator well could’ve been destroyed by monsters already.

But since the elevator well is so small, and the monsters don’t want to destroy the infrastructure of this supermarket, then the tiny elevator well in the side of the supermarket should have a huge chance of surviving. Furthermore….. the supermarket has two elevator wells: one for the ‘customer elevator’ and the other for the ‘freight elevator’.

“The elevator well!” Luo Feng started searching on the roof near the sides of building.

The method for searching was quite simple: Luo Feng extended his spiritual force through the stairs of the roof and searched through the infrastructure below. Of course, only spirit readers can use this method! Luo Feng was extremely careful as he was virtually crawling across the roof, afraid of being caught by the huge amounts of monsters below.

“Found it!” Luo Feng let out a face of happiness, “Yes….. extend, extend downwards”

“Fourth floor, third floor…..”

Luo Feng kept extending his spiritual force downwards as he investigated the infrastructure of the elevator well. The entire well wasn’t damaged too much, since the monsters apparently protected this supermarket quite well. This is their home after all!

“CHI!”

Two black throwing knives started hovering and lightly drew a circle on the roof! This 9th series throwing knives was way tougher than diamond, so, as if it was cutting through tofu, it quickly cut out a circular hole in the roof. That stone circle, affected by Luo Feng’s spiritual force, started hovering and then softly landed on the side, making no sound at all.

“Hmhm” Luo Feng lowered his head as he looked down, “This elevator well, yup, seems like it’s a bit bent at the third floor’s elevator door. But overall, it hasn’t changed much”.

Luo Feng let out a smile.

The hexagonal shield started hovering beside him, and Luo Feng stepped onto it, “Go down!”. The hexagonal shield slowly descended, making no sound at all. Fifth floor, fourth floor, third floor….. the steel wires and the steel elevator door could all be seen, but have long been covered by dust. It has been far too long since the last person has used them.

“This is where the first floor is” Luo Feng hovered in front of one of the elevator doors.

The elevator door was sealed shut, and with a heartbeat, two throwing knives immediately stuck into the gap between the shut elevator doors. They then lightly pushed towards both directions.

“CHI CHI~~”

Perhaps because the elevator door hasn’t been opened for too long, but it actually made a sound at a time like this, frightening Luo Feng.

“I’m inside the supermarket and there aren’t any monsters on the first and second floor. If the sound was extremely quiet….. then the monster squad outside shouldn’t be able to hear it” Luo Feng took a deep breath and extremely slowly opened the elevator door. Since he opened it slowly, the sound the doors made was also very small.

When the elevator doors were half way opened, thanks to his spiritual force, Luo Feng easily used his understanding of the elevator’s door’s structure to bend the steel and jam the elevator door.

‘Done!”

Luo Feng continued to hold his breath. Not daring to relax even the slightest bit, he lightly moved forward and stepped on the ground. His hovering shield then immediately dropped beside him, and the two buckles on his back, with his spiritual force, naturally sealed the shield in place.

“This place smells so bad” a thick, nasty odor emanated around the first floor. After breathing a bit of this smell, Luo Feng’s body started to become uncomfortable.

“Where’s that steel armored dragon’s dragon egg?” Luo Feng carefully moved forward, his spiritual force used on his body, shield, and combat gear to cause his body to become as light as a swallow. Each of his steps were light and made no sound.

“Hu! Hmhm!”

Luo Feng raised his head and looked above. The ceiling between the first and second floor was basically entirely broken. Only the framework of the supermarket on the side wasn’t broken. All the broken, old stalls and rotten food have been pushed to the sides. Sometimes, Luo Feng’s road is blocked, so he has to use his spiritual force to lightly make a path.

“The steel armored dragon would probably live in the center of the supermarket, since that’s the most spacious area” Luo Feng directly headed towards the center. Slowly, Luo Feng started to see an oval shaped ball.

“The dragon egg?”

Luo Feng held his breath and slowly moved forward.

The monster howls from outside the supermarket carried in, causing Luo Feng to be even more careful. Each of his steps were as light as light can be.

“This place smells even more” The closer Luo Feng got to the oval shaped ball, the more apparent the odor became, “I guess the steel armored dragon is usually there, and this odor is caused by the steel armored dragon’s body”. Quickly, Luo Feng arrived at a distance of around 10 meters away from the dragon egg and was already able to clearly see the dragon egg.

This was a dragon egg that was around one meter tall. The egg shell was blue, and there were some light lines on it.

“The dragon egg of the steel armored dragon!” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed. He was already in grasping distance of the egg.

“But who knows what kind of traps the steel armored dragon could’ve put around the dragon egg to stop others from stealing it. However, since the dragon egg is alive, my spiritual force probably can’t move it”. With a thought, Luo Feng’s six throwing knives flew over and cut open an oval shape in the ground below the dragon egg and lightly dragged the entire egg, like an iron ring dragging the dragon egg.

Just in case, the blunt side of the knives carried the dragon egg.

“Dragon egg, come” Luo Feng already opened his bag and started to open the bag one layer at a time. He opened half of the bag. The entire bag can store an object as large as a person.

The steel armored dragon’s dragon egg slowly flew over…..


Chapter 86: The Steel Armored Dragon’s Treasure

The filthy odor emanated in the spacious first floor of the supermarket. The steel armored dragon’s green, oval shaped dragon egg was currently surrounded by six throwing knives and was being dragged into the bag. After that, the six throwing knives swiftly returned to Luo Feng’s thigh pockets.

“CHI!” Luo Feng tightened his bag and immediately secured the dragon egg in the innermost area of the bag.

“I’ve earned a ton, now I gotta go now!”

Luo Feng carried his bulging bag and prepared to leave, but right when he turned around…

“What’s that?” Out of the corner of his eye, Luo Feng noticed some things laid out on the ground not too far away from him. Since this is where the steel armored dragon sleeps, it would probably sweep away the things that are distracting to him. Stuff like refrigerators and broken goods have already been swept to the side ages ago.

The ground was empty.

But on the empty ground, there were a few things that were placed not too far from the egg. One could guess that the steel armored dragon probably looked at these things every day.

“Why would the steel armored dragon put these things in its field of vision?” Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat as he swiftly headed over.

As he moved forward, Luo Feng’s heart started beating faster and faster.

“Could it be…..”

“Could it actually be…..” when Luo Feng arrived at around three meters in front of the goods, he became so excited that he couldn’t control himself. He couldn’t help but to tightly clench his fists, “It really is! Now I’ve really earned a lot, a ton!”.

What was in front of Luo Feng was an entire armor set: alloyed battle boots, a uniform, etc. At the same time, there was also a sheathed sharp blade in the sheath of the armor. The material the armor was made out of was pure black. This utter darkness caused one to inadvertently hold their breath….. and the detail on that sheathed blade was way more intricate than Luo Feng’s ghost blade.

“There’s no doubt that this is the armor and weapon of a wargod” Luo Feng was extremely excited, “A glance is all that is needed to tell that this uniform is very special. That blade….. who knows how many times more powerful it is compared to mine”.

“And, this is a human’s armor set, and yet the steel armored dragon collected it! Perhaps killing the owner of these items is one of the things that the steel armored dragon takes pride in”. Luo Feng was easily able to figure the situation out, since horde leaders have an intelligence level comparable to a human’s. And sometimes, wargods can’t defeat the monster horde leaders.

However, the escaping ability of the human wargods is extremely high!

In the entire country of China, the fall of a wargod is an extremely rare sight. Every time a wargod from their respective country falls, the entire country holds a memorial which is broadcasted live! One could imagine just how difficult it would be for a horde leader to kill a wargod!

So a wargod’s old gear is also an extremely rare sight in the wilderness!

“If this gear can make the steel armored dragon so proud, proud enough to collect this uniform set… then this human wargod must be extremely powerful….. And this uniform set has also went through a battle with a high level horde leader, and yet it’s barely damaged. The quality of this uniform must be excellent, at least a 9th series!” Luo Feng quickly extrapolated.

According to the market price.

An entire Q series battle uniform’s full price is 12 billion Chinese dollars. So the half price put in place by the Limit Home would be 6 billion Chinese dollars.

“A second hand battle uniform probably can’t sell for 6 billion. However, it’s still possible to sell it for 2 to 3 billion!”

“And this is using the price for a 9th series uniform. If this battle uniform is rank SS!” Luo Feng could feel his blood boiling.

1st series to 9th series, are respectively divided into the grades: H grade, G grade….. C grade, B grade, A grade, and S grade. These nine grades. A 9th series weapon and uniform would be an S grade weapon and uniform!

And above the S grade is the SS grade!

A SS grade battle uniform can defend against many SS Emperor level monsters’ attacks. As for the horde leaders, they definitely are not able to destroy a SS grade battle uniform.

“If it’s the SS grade that’s even more valuable than the 9th series….. then that’ll be an astronomical price” Luo Feng was extremely excited.

9th series (S grade) battle uniform set, full price 12 billion.

And a SS grade battle uniform set, it’s full price is an astonishing 120 billion! Definitely not a price that an average person or power could afford to buy!

Know that, this battle uniform can defend against the bites and attacks of many Emperor level monsters. The level difference between an Emperor level monster and a horde leader monster is extremely shocking. An Emperor level monster can sweep the floor with a group of horde leader monsters; absolute domination! As for the existences that surpass the wargod level like Hong and Thunder God, they also can decimate other wargod level humans.

Naturally…..

The price of some SS grade gear would be much higher than the S grade.

The full price of an SS grade uniform set is 120 billion, so even it’s half price would be 60 billion!

“If, just if, this is a SS grade uniform set, then even though it’s second hand and can’t be sold for 60 billion, it’s still possible for it to be sold for 20 to 30 billion” Luo Feng was extremely excited, “Perhaps my earnings this time would be able to earn enough money to buy my brother an Elixir of Life”.

Of course….. whether or not this battle uniform set is actually SS grade, even Luo Feng doesn’t know.

But it’s at least a 9th series (S grade) for sure, so it could also be SS grade.

Even though all of this has been said, in reality, all of these thoughts passed through his mind in an instant when Luo Feng walked up to this battle uniform set and blade.

Without delay, he immediately opened his bag.

“If it’s SS grade, then it’ll be worth much more than the dragon egg!” Luo Feng swiftly controlled his spiritual force and moved the battle uniform, alloyed boots, arm guards, blade, etc. into his bag.



The commander monsters in front of the gigantic supermarket were patrolling the premises. A few dozen commanders were in front of the main gate. Occasionally, they would turn back their heads to look into the supermarket. Through the huge main door, with the commander monsters’ eyesight, they could barely see the shape of the oval shaped dragon egg.

Protect the dragon egg! This is the task that their leader, the steel armored dragon, has entrusted to this commander monster squad!

This is also why this monster squad didn’t follow to join the battle against the two human wargods.

One of the high level commanders, the bloodthirsty tank, was laying there. His gigantic body was like a hill, and it randomly and slowly turned it’s head towards the supermarket’s interior….. it doesn’t even know how many times it has repeated this action, and in the past, the blurry image of the dragon egg was easily seen.

But this timeһһ

“BOOM!” the bloodthirsty tank ferociously stood up, it’s huge eyes opened wide as if they were about to roll out their sockets. It then immediately let out an anxious roar.

“HOWL…..” the ear-piercing, enraged roar immediately rang around the area.

The other commander level monsters in front of the main gate of the supermarket then turned their heads and looked towards the dragon egg’s location in the supermarket, and let out enraged roars one by one.

At the same timeһһ

All of the commander level monsters, whether the ones patrolling outside, the ones in front of the supermarket door, or even the ones resting on the third, fourth, and fifth floors in the supermarket all roared as they rushed together towards the first floor. Huge holes were smashed in the ceilings and walls. For a time, the entire five story supermarket was rumbling, as if it was about to fall over.

Far away.

The steel armored dragon and the two flame scaled triple halberd boars were still battling against the two human wargods, Wang Tong and Li Kan. At this time, the scales on the steel armored dragon’s head were split apart and one of it’s eyes was blinded. There were also some signs of blood on Wang Tong, but he was in much better condition than the steel armored dragon.

“HOWL…..” a roar carried from the direction of the supermarket.

The steel armored dragon’s only eye basically instantly turned crimson red.

“ROAR~~~” The ear-piercing howl immediately split the sky. The sound formed a visible shockwave that crazily swept around the area. The surrounding concrete floor instantly shattered and even the steel beams broke apart, causing a huge amount of dust to lift up. This enraged howl virtually rang across the entire #003 city!

“Not good!” Wang Tong’s face dramatically changed.

Enraged!

This steel armored dragon is enraged!

“ROAR~~~” the steel armored dragon’s roar started to become hoarse. One could feel from this roar the flame of anger that won’t subside even if drenched in the three major oceans.

The steel armored dragon’s speed instantly accelerated to a level never seen before. It didn’t even worry whether or not it’s body could handle it, and just headed towards the family mart supermarket. The horrifying sonic boom caused the ground, buildings, etc. to burst open, throwing pebbles all around.



When Luo Feng was swiftly putting the battle uniform set and the other objects into his bag, an enraged howl carried from outside the supermarket. Following that roar were the roars of all the commander level monsters, causing Luo Feng to jump.

“What’s going on?” Luo Feng hesitated; he was pretty sure he made no sound at all.

The ceiling above and the walls on the Eastern, Western, Southern, and Northern sides all burst open, causing gigantic holes to appear. And from these holes came charging the enraged commander level monsters! Protecting the dragon egg was the biggest task handed to them from their leader, the steel armored dragon.

The dragon egg is also the life of the steel armored dragon!

No matter what, and no matter what they have to sacrifice, the dragon egg must be protected!

“Fuck, I’ve been found. RUN!” Luo Feng didn’t feel any emotion from stealing the dragon egg. Humans and monsters, this is the war between the two! Monsters want to obliterate humanity, while humanity wants to wipe the monsters off the face of the earth! To make the monsters sad and enraged is a good thing.

Luo Feng instantly accelerated to his maximum speed and headed towards the elevator well. The gigantic commander level monsters that charged into the supermarket immediately chased after. Since the elevator door has been long jammed by Luo Feng, he was able to instantly rush into the elevator well.

“ESCAPE!” Luo Feng immediately soared through the air.

Luo Feng only felt that the entire supermarket was about to crumble. After a “SA” sound, the elevator well was directly blown up. Several commander level monsters destroyed the elevator well from inside and outside the supermarket. At the exact same time, the monsters on the third, fourth, and fifth floor immediately came rushing over.

“Not good” Luo Feng immediately stepped onto the wall and, like a bolt of lightning, rushed up the elevator well and towards the sky outside!

As long as he can get to the sky, he can escape!

But right when Luo Feng got out, he saw tons of commander level monsters rushing towards him. The monster horde comprised of regular soldier level monsters didn’t act much; only commander level monsters came rushing over from all sorts of places….. the weakest monster in the monster squad is a medium level commander.

And more low level commanders were spread out in the monster horde, since they were usually leading their own group of monsters.

And at this instantһһ

Even all of those commanders came chasing after him!

All of them jumped, and each of them were capable of jumping over ten meters high. As for the monsters in the third, fourth, and fifth floors, they charged up to the roof, blocking Luo Feng’s entire upper entrance.

Above! Below!

Surrounded on all sides!

As for the steel armored dragon whose speed has long surpassed the speed of sound, it was charging faster than it’s roar could spread out! With a blurry shadow that laid waste to all in its path, it charged into the smoke filled area. In only a few short seconds, the enraged, crimson eyed steel armored dragon will arrive at the family mart supermarket!


Still going to use these this note thing I used before for now lol. The site is still being polished, but fear not, for the story and translation quality is still the same. And to those who are still confused, the user ‘translationnations’ is the admin of the site, which is not me. As you can see, I’m still Zebulin. well, hope you have enjoyed what you just read, for it should only get better from now on.


Chapter 87: Technique: “Perfect Level”?

The roars of hundreds of commander level monsters rang into the sky. At this moment, over a hundred commander level monsters were directly above Luo Feng, and there were even more waiting on the ground! However, there are only around 60 medium level commanders and just 30 high level commanders within these hundreds of commander level monsters. The rest are all low level commanders.

But with such an astonishing amount, even a beginner level wargod can’t escape!

“Shit” Luo Feng sharpened his gaze while he clenched his teeth

His body was in midair, but with a peculiar turn, he dodged an attack from a commander level monster! Dodge! Dodge! Dodge! With his spiritual force used on his shield, sheath, blade, battle boots, and arm guards, he was able to apply various amounts of force on many different areas of his body, causing his body to dodge in a weird pattern in midair. Note that these monsters are all huge, so Luo Feng’s body is quite small in comparison.

Because of this, under normal circumstances, only two to three monsters maximum can attack Luo Feng at the same time! Dodge! Keep dodging! None of the monsters could change direction in midair, so they could only helplessly fall down as they let out disgruntled roars. As for Luo Feng, he was like a butterfly. His ‘tiny’ figure quickly, rapidly, and erratically changed directions in midair, causing all of the monsters’ attacks to strike just the air.

“Almost, just one or two seconds more and the monsters in the air will dramatically decrease. After that, I’ll be able to escape” Luo Feng was basically using all of his energy to escape, and he didn’t dare to touch the ground.

“HOWL~”

“HOWL~ HOWL~”

Right when the commander level monsters in the air touched the ground, they virtually immediately organized after one of the high level commander level horned boar let out a deep howl! Around 60 monsters jumped together and formed a two layer ‘encasement’ in the air.

Commander level monsters are quite intelligent, and high level commanders’ intelligence is nearly comparable to that of a human’s! Since they failed before, the monsters immediately changed their battle plan! They organized themselves and jumped together, forming an encasement to completely block Luo Feng.

“RUMBLE!” Another group of commander level monsters came jumping.

Another layer added to the encasement! Three layers, four layers, five layers! Nearly two hundred commander level monsters came leaping and formed a five layer encasement headed straight towards Luo Feng.

“Aren’t these monsters a bit too smart, they found out a way in an instant” Luo Feng looked at the ‘encasement’ formed by the monsters that gave him no room at all and couldn’t help but to feel nervous. Adding on to that, the monsters gave no time at all for Luo Feng to think and instantly arrived in front of him.

“Gotta put everything on the line!”

Luo Feng clenched his teeth and pretended to dodge. Naturally, the ‘encasement’ formed by the large amounts of monsters froze, and Luo Feng finally got close to one of the medium level commander level bloodthirsty tanks.

“HOWL~” The bloodthirsty tank with flaming red scale roared and widely opened it’s mouth as it’s eyes turned crimson red. The teeth in it’s mouth were like a saw chain that could easily rip apart steel. The four powerful hooves that were able to support it’s gigantic body also came cruelly stomping towards Luo Feng.

“Hmph!” A black light flashed in front of Luo Feng.

PUCHI! The black light instantly shot into the huge mouth of the bloodthirsty tank. With a BOOM, the tough skull of the bloodthirsty tank was pierced and it’s cerebrospinal fluid flew out. The eerie black light then drew a curved light as it flew back towards Luo Feng. The eyes of the previously enraged medium level commander level bloodthirsty tank instantly dimmed.

With a contraction of his body, Luo Feng was right below the abdomen of the bloodthirsty tank!

“CHARGE UPWARDS NOW”

Luo Feng was contracted below the abdomen of the bloodthirsty tank. With the bloodthirsty tank’s gigantic, truck-like body, it was easy for Luo Feng to hide below it.

Whoosh! Luo Feng pushed the bloodthirsty tank’s corpse and directly charged upwards! The bloodthirsty tank’s corpse acted as a shield. When the commander level monsters above saw their comrade charge up, they hesitated. With just this small instant….. Luo Feng already rammed away the other monsters with the huge corpse above him.

“HOWL~”

“HOWL HOWL~”

The commander monsters in the back didn’t delay and started crazily attacking the bloodthirsty tank’s corpse.

Trampling! Ramming! Biting!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! More commander level monsters on the ground caught sight of that damned human and actually stepped on the monster’s corpse to jump up. They started ferociously leaping one by one! These commander level monsters can usually jump to a height of around 10 meters high, and sometimes even 20 meters high. And they can also jump extremely quickly!

“RUMBLE~” Luo Feng could only feel waves of powerful attacks coming from above the monster corpse on him.

Thanks to the gigantic monster corpse, Luo Feng was able to pass through nine layers of the encasement. However, the shocks of the attacks still dealt Luo Feng’s body a damaging blow. With his organs shocked and a “PU” sound, he couldn’t stop a mouthful of blood from spurting out his mouth.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

“Not good!” Luo Feng, whose mouth was still bloody, saw the coordinated monsters come swooping towards him one by one.

“With a cycle of jumping, falling down, and then jumping back down….. this attack will never end! I can’t even escape!” Luo Feng’s face changed dramatically.

“RUMBLE”

And the uninjured eye of the steel armored dragon that was currently flying past the speed of sound seemed like it was about to shed tears of blood. Under such extreme speed, the floor split open every time it’s foot touched the ground. Under it’s astonishing speed, it wouldn’t even need two seconds to cover the 800 meters left between it’s current position and the city.

The wave of monster attacks drove Luo Feng into despair.

“That steel armored dragon isn’t even 10 miles away, so it’s going to arrive soon with it’s super speed” this thought instantly flashed across Luo Feng’s mind. Soon, that high level horde leader, the steel armored dragon, is going to arrive. When that happens, he’ll truly have no chance of escape. With the steel armored dragon’s speed, he wouldn’t be able to dodge any of it’s hits.

“I gotta stake everything!”

“I gotta keep trying as long as there’s even a sliver of hope. If I don’t give it my complete and absolute all, there’s no doubt that I’ll die!”

Within a second, Luo Feng made his decision.

With his teeth clenched, Luo Feng had his ghost blade in hand and his shield on his back as he made an erratic movement in the air, causing him to directly ram into a commander level horned boar in midair. Luo Feng cruelly stomped onto the spine of the horned boar, sending it flying back towards the ground and even killing a regular soldier level monster in the process. Luo Feng used this force to ferociously fly back up!

Charge! Charge! Charge!

“Howl~” “Howl~” “Howl Howl~” The commander level monsters flew towards Luo Feng with bloodshot eyes, but Luo Feng’s spiritual force has already spread out and has covered a scope of 15 meters.

Five meters to the upper left came a medium level commander level ‘horned boar’, while three meters to the upper right came a low level commander level bloodthirsty tank.

The two monsters came flying down from above. Luo Feng mind, who was on the verge of death, was able to work at an unprecedented speed and instantly make his decision.

PU! Luo Feng used the horned boar to give himself a boost, thus increasing his own speed.

PENG! Three monsters rammed into each other in midair.

In just one second! Luo Feng turned into a mirage and continuously charged upwards as he passed 21 commander level monsters. Whether he used them to gain a boost, killed them, or even suffered injuries from them….. no matter what, he used every way possible to increase his speed! He has to use any and every method in his arsenal to reach the sky!

“Pu! Pu! PUCHI!”

Luo Feng finally escaped from the leaping monsters in the air. Once he got out, Luo Feng consecutively spit out three mouthfuls of fresh blood. His 5th series battle uniform was damaged and fresh blood was leaking out of his chest.

“I SURVIVED!!!”

Luo Feng, whose face was already pale, was extremely excited. He became even more excited as he looked at the surrounding smoke. If he even made one tiny mistake, he would’ve died. And yet, he couldn’t believe that his frenzied struggle enabled him to escape.

“Looks like a human’s limits can be forced out” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to laugh, “In that short moment, I actually managed to take into account the positions of all 81 commander level monsters in the area and approached 21 of them to escape. Is this….. the technique that’s above the Ru-Wei class, the ‘Perfect’ level that’s able to take the surroundings into account?”

Luo Feng knew that the classifications for technique were ‘Basic level’һһ’Intermediate level*’, һһ’Perfect level’, ‘Conception level’.

The intermediate level uses the smallest amounts of movements to dodge an attack and therefore using the movements as efficiently as possible.

The perfect level takes the environment into control. It uses anything, like life, rocks, structures…. etc. in the surroundings to accurately dodge. This is the ‘perfect’ level technique! The old wargod ‘Li Kan’ is at this level! And shadow blade ‘Wang Tong’ has reached a level even higher, the ‘Conception’ level.

“There’s still a huge difference between me and that huge wargod brute. First, he’s just a fighter so he doesn’t have any spiritual force to help him investigate the surroundings. As for me, I’m constantly spreading my spiritual force throughout the surroundings to see what’s going on. Next, it was only on the border of life and death was my mind able to calculate that quickly. A truly perfect, ‘perfect’ level wouldn’t need even the mind’s calculation”.

Just a short second of extreme calculation was enough to give Luo Feng a slight headache.

“HU!” In a short moment, Luo Feng rushed up to a height of 60 meters in the air. The several hundred commander level monsters and the uncountable amount of regular soldier level monsters either angrily roared or leaped with all their might. Some dozens of monsters already in the air even jumped on each other to give themselves a boost!

“Get out of here!” With a thought, a black light flew over! PUCHI! The high level commander level monsters that couldn’t dodge in midair had their heads pierced through by Luo Feng’s throwing knife and fell down to the ground.

“Haha…… Time to go!” With a thought, the buckles on Luo Feng’s back loosened and the shield flew below Luo Feng’s feet. Whoosh! Luo Feng directly and speedily flew away.

“ROAR” An ear piercing howl instantly carried over. The sound waves rippled the layers of Luo Feng’s ears. “My ears hurt like crazy” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to cover his ears as he looked back.

What was seen was a gigantic body with deep green scales covering its entire body. It was like a light drawing across the sky as it directly flew over. The owner of that cold, one eye that gave off an enraged killing aura was indeed the steel armored dragon! High level horde leaderһһSteel Armored Dragon!!! “This is 80 meters up in the air, isn’t that jumping distance a bit too messed up” Luo Feng was shocked as he immediately and swiftly turned in the air and moved along a beautifully curved arc as he tried to evade the steel armored dragon.

*TL note: I didn’t know that ‘Ru Wei’ was actually talking about an actual level, since they never mentioned the classifications until now. If I wasn’t sure, then I can’t just say “Intermediate” since that would imply there are low and high levels. So from now on, Ru Wei class will be changed into intermediate level.


Chapter 88: From the Gates of Hell

“Even though the steel armored dragon is a high level horde leader, it can’t fly. It can only sprint and jump. And of course, it can’t change direction in midair, so getting rid of it should be easy” Luo Feng was certain that he could escape. With his hexagonal shield below his feet, he directly flew across a curved arc in the air and headed straight towards the clouds!

The only eye that the steel armored dragon had left stared at Luo Feng menacingly.

“ROAR~~” Under its enraged howl, the steel armored dragon ferociously swung its tail!

The 10 meter long dragon tail instantly turned into a green mirage as it swept towards Luo Feng. The distance that Luo Feng pulled apart was instantly covered again by this 10 meter long dragon tail. The high level horde leader level ‘steel armored dragon’ could sprint past the speed of sound, and the speed of its sweeping tail was 10 times faster than its sprinting speed!

This dragon tail was several times faster than a bullet fired from the best sniper rifle! This is why high level horde leaders are horrifying!

“CHI!”

Probably because the dragon tail was too fast, high pressured airstreams were produced.

“It won’t hit me, it’s still 50 to 60 cm off!” Luo Feng instantly determined.

The tip of the dragon tail was off by Luo Feng’s chest by half a meter; it couldn’t hit him. However, the extremely high pressured airstream smashed against Luo Feng’s chest like a gigantic sledgehammer. Thanks to that, Luo Feng felt like he couldn’t breathe for a bit.

“PENG!” Luo Feng’s body was thrown away and he had to start stabilizing the shield.

“Just what one would expect from a high level horde leader. The high pressured airstream brought by the dragon’s tail almost knocked me out” Luo Feng could feel a mouthful of fresh blood coming up his throat and couldn’t hold it any longer. With a “PU!” sound, a mouthful of fresh blood shot out.

Luo Feng looked at the steel armored dragon that was still in midair and only saw its gigantic body falling towards the ground: “You’re not even a flying type monster. Unless you reach the Emperor level, you’ll never be able to fly!”

Luo Feng smiled, completely relaxed himself, and then set his foot on his shield and flew upwards.

HU!

The feeling of flying is really fantastic!

“ROAR~” the steel armored dragon stepped on the sidewalk in the city and leaped to the roof of a residential building that was a couple stories high. Once again, it ferociously jumped….. and at that instant, the roof of the residential building instantly crumbled. As that happened, large amounts of concrete directly tumbled down from the building.

And the steel armored dragon used this jump to jump to a height of around 100 meters high, roaring as it charged towards Luo Feng.

“Steel armored dragon, no matter well you can jump, it’s futile” when Luo Feng saw that steel armored dragon jump to the roof of the residential building, he started ascending….. by continuously ascending, he easily reached a height of 300 meters above the ground.

The steel armored dragon could only powerlessly fall back to the ground.

HU! The steel armored dragon whipped its tail against the air, using the resistive force to make it fall back to the ground more quickly.

“It’s useless”

Luo Feng continued to pull higher and even started to head away from the city.

“RUMBLE~~” an ear piercing sound carried from below.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng, who was up in the sky, lowered his head and saw that steel armored dragon running around in the city. Sometimes it would jump over residential apartments, sometimes it would run on the sidewalk, and sometimes it would step on the buildings as it sprinted. It tried to stick to Luo Feng like glue as it chased him.

“I can’t believe it’s not giving up!” Luo Feng’s face slightly changed, “As a high level horde leader, the steel armored dragon’s sight is extremely messed up. Even if I fly up to a distance of two to three thousand meters above the ground, it’ll still be able to see me as long as nothing is blocking its vision!”. Putting high level horde leaders aside, even Luo Feng can see a human two to three miles away.

So, of course, it wouldn’t be weird for this steel armored dragon to see someone five to six miles away.

“I’m not flying past the speed of sound, but its sprinting past the speed of sound, so it’ll be hard to lose it. I guess the only way left is to fly above the clouds!” Luo Feng started pulling higher again!

Whoosh!

Feet on his hexagonal shield, he directly started flying upwards again, hoping to past the clouds. After he’s above the clouds, the steel armored dragon won’t be able to see him again. Naturally, it won’t be able to chase him any longer.

“GA~~” “GA GA GA~~” as ear piercing calls from birds rang, a black, gigantic, densely packed flock of flying type monsters was seen coming from the West. And this gigantic flock was headed towards Luo Feng.

“I’m such an idiot!” Luo Feng insulted himself. The sky was the territory of the flying monsters. Only astonishingly powerful aircraft are able to fly in the sky….. as for human fighters, if they dared to fly in the air, they’d naturally get hoarded by the flying type monsters’ attacks!

Before the Grand Nirvana period, the birds had superb vision. So it’s not even necessary to explain how great their vision is now.

These flying type monsters probably saw that he was flying in midair, so they instantly summoned the flock to surround him!

“I’m much more flexible compared to the monsters on the land near the family mart supermarket”

“But compared to these flying type monsters….. that’ll be jumping towards my death!” Luo Feng didn’t hesitate at all. Right when he noticed the black, dense flock of flying type monsters, he instantly charged back down towards the city.

Fighting against the flying type monsters in the air means absolute death!

And as long as he stays far away from the lone steel armored dragon, he still has some hope.

“ROAR~~” when the steel armored dragon saw that the flying human actually started to come back down, it immediately headed towards Luo Feng.

Luo Feng, in the process of his descent, followed the path of a huge arc!

SHA!

Luo Feng, like lightning and with a BOOM, directly smashed into a window on the balcony on the 12th floor of a residential apartment. The glass on the balcony immediately blasted open and Luo Feng charged in.

“RUMBLE~” Like a deep green flash of light, the steel armored dragon ferociously charged and directly smashed into the balcony of the 8th floor of the residential apartment that Luo Feng charged into. Under the horrifying force of impact, the entire residential apartment shook violently. The concrete walls supporting the center of the building started to burst open, and the entire building started to slowly fall down.

“HUMAN!”

The steel armored dragon roared its monster speak and locked onto a moving shadow in front of it. The shadow that Luo feng formed, once again, charged into another residential building.

“ROAR~”

The steel armored dragon was afraid that its hesitation would allow Luo Feng to escape, so, without any hesitation, it directly rammed into the spot that Luo Feng passed through….. the entire residential building was sliced in half from the center, and then slowly started to fall down again!

This is a medium sized sector, so only taking 12 story residential apartments into account, there are at least 20 of them. However, in chasing Luo Feng, the steel armored dragon has already led to the destruction of eight of them….. by going through the windows of the residential apartment, Luo Feng wasn’t affected much. For the steel armored dragon’s gigantic body, blasting away a residential apartment had a large effect on it.

But, the steel dragon had no other choice!

Because the residential buildings were blocking its vision!

“RUMBLE~” When it destroyed the 8th residential apartment, the steel armored dragon suddenly stopped and stayed still on the ground.

The 8th residential apartment slowly fell down and towards the steel armored dragon. However, the steel armored dragon didn’t dodge. With a BOOM….. the entire residential apartment smashed into the steel armored dragon, but with the hardness of its scales, the residential apartment was like tofu and didn’t harm the steel armored dragon at all.

“HUMAN, HUMAN…..” the steel armored dragon angrily roared as it looked around.

Yes!

It lost Luo Feng!



In a dark electrical room in an underground parking lot below the small sector, Luo Feng was leaning against the wall.

“Breathe, breathe” Luo Feng breathed slowly. He could feel a throbbing pain coming from his chest, and fresh blood soaked out of the chest area in his battle uniform.

“I received quite a serious wound this time. I already received a heavy wound when escaping from the encasement comprised of large amounts of commander level monsters from earlier. And now, the pressurized airstream generated by the steel armored dragon’s tail hit my chest, making the wound even worse” Luo Feng lightly rubbed his chest and a throbbing pain carried from it, causing Luo Feng’s face to go pale.

Even though he was heavily wounded, Luo Feng was in quite a good mood.

“That steel armored dragon probably can’t find me if I hide in this electrical room in this underground parking lot” Luo Feng let out a smile. When he charged towards this sector, his escape plan was already formed.

In a sector like this, there must be an underground parking lot.

He went through the residential apartments over and over to block the steel armored dragon’s vision….. no matter how sturdy the steel armored dragon is, ramming into the residential apartment buildings over and over again had to have some sort of effect on it. Then, Luo Feng managed to grasp his chance. The entrance to an underground parking lot was not too far away from the 8th residential apartment. Naturally, he took his advantage and directly charged towards it.

After the 8th residential apartment fell, the rubble covered the entrance to the underground parking lot. It looks like it would be quite difficult for the steel armored dragon to guess where Luo Feng is afterall.



“ROAR~~”

On the surface, the steel armored dragon’s enraged roar carried over. This roar was much louder than its previous roars.

“RUMBLE~~” What quickly followed was the vibration of the earth. At this time, all sorts of different roars also started ringing.

Note that this steel armored dragon is the leader of all the monsters in a 20 to 30 mile radius. With a command, the monster horde comprised of over 100,000 monsters immediately spread out and headed towards every direction! Under the command of low, medium, and high level commanders, the monsters scanned the area in search of the human.



In the dark, cold underground parking lot, the electrical room.

“The roars of the monsters aren’t stopping and the ground keeps shaking. That steel armored dragon probably mobilized the entire monster horde in search of me” Luo Feng’s face changed. It would be hard for the steel armored dragon to find him alone, but with several tens of thousands of monsters searching in every possible location….. he’ll probably be discovered if he stays put here.

Since this sector is definitely where the steel armored dragon will focus on.

“Looks like I won’t have the chance to tend to my wounds”

Luo Feng stood up and was quite relaxed, since the previous scenario was much more dangerous than his current one. After all, he has already escaped.

And now, would he still not be able to get away?

There are tons and tons of tunnels making up the #003 city’s subway system.

“Hm, if I remember correctly, there should be a tunnel not too far away from here! I’ll enter the underground tunnel and follow it. Then I’ll be able to easily get out of #003 city. The tunnels are small, so even if there are monsters, they’ll be smaller and weaker ones. At the very least, monsters like the steel armored dragon won’t be able to squeeze in.

“It’s time to go back home, back to the headquarter city”.

“Once I get back, I’ll sell this dragon egg, that battle uniform set, and the blade! I don’t know how much it’ll sell for and whether or not I can get 30 billion” even though Luo Feng’s chest was throbbing with pain, his heart was only filled with infinite hope.

Even though he has been working himself like crazy this time, if he’s able to allow his little brother to grow out a new pair of legs, then it’ll all be worth it!


Chapter 89: Kunshan? Where’s that?

Two shadows were currently standing on top of the messy roof of the family mart. Those shadows were precisely shadow blade, Wang Tong, and bear strength, Li Kan.

“Brother Wang, I can’t believe we were taken advantage of this time” Li Kan’s voice was extremely deep, “Since that steel armored dragon just laid an egg, a highly skilled fighter must’ve stolen the egg while we were fighting against the steel armored dragon. This was why that steel armored dragon went into a frenzy!”.

“Indeed, the city is also empty. There’s nothing here” Wang Tong nodded. When they came over, they’ve already checked the surroundings.

As for that commander level monster squad, they can easily kill a low level wargod and can at least injure an intermediate level wargod.

However! Against an ‘advanced level wargod’ like Wang Tong, the commander level monster squad will instantly crumble. After destroying the monster squad, Wang Tong and Li Kan searched the area.

“But seriously, this person….. really has no shame!” said Li Kan lowly.

Wang Tong laughed, “Indeed, he has no shame! But to be able to safely escape from the assault of a commander level monster squad and successfully steal the dragon egg. This skill…… he’s at least an intermediate level wargod! But an intermediate level wargod has so many different ways of making money, so why steal this dragon egg?”.

Dragon eggs are worth a lot of money, but it depends on what you’re comparing it to! For example, the difference between a dragon egg and a SS grade battle uniform set is gigantic.

If this dragon egg hatches, then it’ll be a ‘young’ steel armored dragon. Even after it grows, most steel armored dragons are only low level horde leaders. Only by going through battles over and over again can it grow and improve….. it’s not always the case for the child to surpass the parent.

For example, it’s extremely difficult for the children of the strongest fighter on earth, ‘Hong’, to catch up to the strength ‘Hong’ possesses.

A fully grown, normal steel armored dragon, in other words, a low level horde leader steel armored dragon, is worth around 3 billion.

And since unhatched dragon eggs are extremely rare, they’re worth more than a fully grown steel armored dragon. However, they’re worth around 5.3 billion Chinese dollars. Even though 5.3 billion is quite a bit, an ‘intermediate level wargod’ can use his own strength to hunt monster horde leaders. There’s no need for him to take advantage of other people.

Which is also why Wang Tong and Li Kan aren’t angry. They’re only exclaiming the fact that this person has no shame!

“An intermediate level wargod taking advantage of us” Li Kan shook his head.

“Well, no matter. Since that steel armored dragon is heavily injured and has pushed itself to its limits by sprinting that quickly, it must’ve worsened its injuries” laughed Wang Tong, “Our goal is to kill this high level horde leader level steel armored dragon, so we better not let it escape”

“Let’s go……” Li Kan also nodded.

A low level horde leader is worth around 500 million to 3.9 billion. Since there are many different species of low level horde leaders, the price would also vary by quite a bit. And a steel armored dragon is worth 3.9 billion.

A medium level horde leader is worth around 1.5 billion to 9 billion.

A high level horde leader is worth around 5.3 billion to 20 billion.

Most of the horde leader monsters fall into this range. Of course, there’ll always be exceptions. Naturally, there’s no need to explain any further about those extremely rare monsters.

This high level horde leader is worth around 18 billion. Sadly, only an extremely, extremely small portion of the ‘advanced level wargods’ have the ability to hunt a high level horde leader level steel armored dragon. Of course, this isn’t including the existences that surpass the wargod level.



On the plains near the border of #003 city, the four members of the thunderbolt squad were currently staying in a room on the 8th floor of a 8 story building.

Wang Tong and Li Kan told them them to leave the city and go to the highway, since that’s the safest course of action. Despite that, the members of the thunderbolt were curious on how the battle between the two wargods and the ‘high level horde leader level steel armored dragon’ would go, so they decided to hide on the side of the city. From here, they can escape any time they deem it too dangerous to stay.

“RUMBLE~~” within a radius of tens of miles of the city, the roars of tens of thousands of monsters rang across the skies.

“That steel armored dragon went mad and summoned its entire monster horde, which is now going out of control” the old veteran named Liu couldn’t help but to laugh, “Mr. Wang sure is powerful, to be able to beat up the steel armored dragon to such an extent”.

“Yup, just what you would expect from the shadow blade” tiger fang captain, Pan Ya, nodded in agreement.

Even though they are on the outermost edge of the border and aren’t too sure of what exactly has happened in the city, they naturally can guess based upon the sounds they can hear.

“A monster horde out of control, I wonder what that looks like” the eyes of the mixed youth, Li Wei, flashed.

“Young master, even though this monster horde is tens of miles away, we should still leave now just in case. We can’t hear anything else anyway” laughed the old veteran named Liu. The white brute on the side, Ka Long, also looked towards the young master. The young master Li Wei nodded: “Alright, let’s depart and head towards the headquarter city”.

Following that, the four members of the thunderbolt squad left the building and directly went to the nearest highway. They then proceeded to leave #003 city.



In the small sector, Luo Feng was walking inside the underground parking lot.

The underground parking lot was quite vast. Most importantly, all the basements of the buildings in this sector were connected to this underground parking lot….. this way, the owners of the apartments can just go down their basements and enter the underground parking lots directly to find their cars.

This layout also took the owners into consideration.

“Haha, interesting! I can’t believe all of the buildings here are connected” Luo Feng was carrying his bag as a throwing knife drew across a door. He then entered one of the basements of the connected buildings.

This basement was divided into a billiard room, a music room, a bar area, etc.

“They sure know how to enjoy themselves” laughed Luo Feng as he followed the staircase and headed towards the first floor of the building. He carefully hid behind the northern window in the living room and observed what was going on outside.

A shaking deep green dragon tail could be seen around a hundred meters away. The dragon tail’s green scales looked especially horrifying under the winter sun’s light. As for the other parts of the steel armored dragon’s body, they were blocked by a building.

“This steel armored dragon is quite intelligent. It probably thinks I’m hiding somewhere in the sector so it’s looking for me carefully” laughed Luo Feng as he went up to the third floor of the building. He lowered his body so that the steel armored dragon couldn’t see him through the windows of the building…… well, after dozens of years, the windows of these buildings were already filthy dirty.

Third floor of the building, one of the bedrooms.

Luo Feng looked carefully through one of the bedroom windows and searched for the entrance to the subway that he caught a glimpse of when flying from before.

“Hmhm, it’s over there!” Luo Feng quickly discovered it. One of the entrances to the subway was right outside the small sector.

Taking the underground parking lot’s size and the terrain of the sector into account…..

Luo Feng calculated the closest way to get there! “I’ll do it like this!”

Luo Feng carefully went downstairs to the basement and then went into the underground parking lot. According to what he remembered, he swiftly ran to a corner of the underground parking lot! “From here, I’ll directly dig forwards. I should be able to arrive inside the subway station within 30 meters”. Even though the distance is quite far, this is still the closest path.

“How am I supposed to dig?”

Luo Feng looked around and saw the various dirty cars in the underground parking lot.

“I know!” Luo Feng slightly smiled.

With a thought, a throwing knife suddenly flew out. It made no sound as it cut off the steel covering the front engines of two cars. With his spiritual force controlling them, the two pieces of steel immediately curled up and became cone shaped! Luo Feng himself lay inside the cone shaped pieces of steel.

“Go!”

Under control of his spiritual force, the throwing knives cut open a huge hole out of the tough concrete wall of the underground parking lot. The ‘cone shaped steel’ then directly flew in and started going through the soil! CHICHI~~ The subway station was long filled with dust, and one of the walls, with a “PENG” sound, had a half meter hole burst open from it. Concrete pieces fell all over the place. The tip of the cone shaped steel came out first, and the shadow hiding inside the cone rolled out onto the ground.

“Even though this way of digging is slower than the monsters with digging abilities, it’s still quite fast for a human fighter” Luo Feng’s body was quite clean.

Inside the subway, it was clear that it has been abandoned for far too long.

Luo Feng observed the subway map and wiped off the dust on the glass covering the subway map. He closely observed, “Hm, if I follow this tunnel, then I’ll arrive at Kunshan city? What city is Kunshan city?”. People of the modern age have long forgotten the names of most cities before the Grand Nirvana period.

Even Luo Feng only remembered the famous cities, like Shanghai, Nanjing, Suzhou, Hangzhou, etc.

Kunshan? Who knows from where that popped out of. But one thing’s for certainһһKunshan city isn’t part of Shanghai.

“Yep, this line” Luo Feng came to a subway tunnel that subway trains used to pass through and immediately jumped into it. He then speedily headed towards the direction of ‘Kunshan’ city.

There were actually still some monsters in this subway tunnel. As Luo Feng progressed, he encountered quite a few monsters, most of which were weaker soldier level monsters. However, he also encountered three low level commanders and even one medium level commander. All of them were quite small though.

And of course, the throwing knives that were under the control of his spiritual forceһһcleaned them up quickly.

Some portions of this subway tunnel were also above the ground. This line is the same subway line that connected Shanghai to Kunshan a long time ago.

“I’ve advanced around 100 miles, so I’m definitely out of #003 city” Luo Feng checked the GPS on his tactical communications watch and, indeed, he was around 50 miles away from Shanghai city.

“I should get on the highway and head back to the headquarter city….. who knows what kinds of monsters will appear in the subway tunnel. And I also don’t want to go to some Kunshan city. Who knows what kind of place that is” Luo Feng was smiling brightly and was in a great mood. How can he not be happy? He has already escaped from Shanghai city.

Luo Feng smiled as he carried his big backpack that held the dragon egg and the battle uniform set and, with his GPS’ guidance, headed towards the highway’s direction.

“Time to go home!”


Chapter 90: Bloodsplattered Path

On the highway, all sorts of abandoned automobiles could be seen.

The sky was already dark and the moon couldn’t be seen in the sky. The stars were looking fine, and the weak starlight they emanated barely allowed one to make out the outline of the highway. On a certain section of the highway, the four members of the thunderbolt squad were sitting on top of a toppled bus.

“Even though the young master’s training plan wasn’t entirely completed, the young master’s skill still raised by quite a bit” said the old veteran named Liu as he smiled.

“Nothing special. But it’s still quite a bit from what my dad wants” said the mixed youth, Li Wei, as he shook his head.

“Young master, for your age, you’re quite powerful already” said the old veteran named Liu. Ka Long and Pan Ya nodded in agreement.

Li Wei shook his head: “It’s not enough, not even close to enough! There are plenty of intermediate level warlords that are around 20 years old in Jiang-nan city. My parents are both powerful wargod fighters, so how can their son be so weak? Oh, also….. Pan Ya, you previously said that fire hammer squad’s Luo Feng was only 18 years old last year right? And he’s already a low level warlord! Me, the son of two great wargods, can’t even compete with some random kid?”

“Yes, yes” responded the old veteran named Liu.

“Young master, you’re the strongest” added the white brute Ka Long. Li Wei slightly smiled.

The tiger fang captain, Pan Ya, exclaimed, “Indeed, it is as the young master says. Compared to the young master, Luo Feng isn’t even worth a dog’s ass! However, this Luo Feng is like a thorn in my side now. The fire hammer squad and tiger fang squad have always been on bad terms, and now that I’m the only person left in the tiger fang squad, the fire hammer squad will surely try to deal with me! Maybe the others won’t pose too much of a problem, but this Luo Feng improves way too quickly!”.

“He just recently became a fighter and he’s already a low level warlord. I’m sure that he’ll soon surpass me too. When that happens, there’s no doubt that I’ll die!” Pan Ya let out a long sigh.

Indeed, Pan Ya was full of regret.

When he previously met Luo Feng in the resupplying base, Zhang Ze Hu advised him to kill off Luo Feng. However, Pan Ya was afraid of making the rest of the fire hammer squad enraged, so he didn’t take action! But who knew that ever since then, Luo Feng’s skill rapidly climbed up and even managed to earn the nickname of ‘crazy’. Killing off around ten thousand monsters in two months, most of them being high level soldier level monsters. This crazy incident has long spread throughout the circle of fighters in Jiang-Nan city.

Sadly, Pan Ya never encountered Luo Feng until he came to #003 city.

“Aren’t you going to join a new fighter squad when you get back” said the mixed youth Li Wei.

“Yea, but the fire hammer squad will never forget this grudge. They might pick a time to secretly shoot a bullet at me” said Pan Ya with a bitter face. He didn’t forget that the tiger fang squad did the exact same thing to the fire hammer squad. And with his current strength, he’ll certainly die if he was ambushed by a sniper rifle all of a sudden.

Pan Ya looked towards the mixed youth Li Wei and asked: “Young master, if you ever have the chance to go through your information network in the Underground Alliance, could you notify me where Luo Feng is in the wilderness?”

“Sure, no problem” said Li Wei heartily.

The old veteran named Liu and the white brute exchanged glances. They have long knew that Pan Ya purposefully put on a worried look to try and get that young master to use some of his power.

However, since the two of them are just bodyguards, they weren’t going to bother with such a thing. And these days, Pan Ya was pretty good at kissing ass, which put the old veteran named Liu and the white brute in a good mood. Adding to that, Pan Ya’s squad did indeed suffer great losses, so it’s okay to help him out a bit. “It’s not early anymore, so we should rest now. We still have a long way to go tomorrow” spoke the old veteran named Liu.

Immediately, the four members of the thunderbolt squad started to rest.

Unlike in the summer, most fighter squads rest in the night during the winter and hit the road during the day! It’s hot in the summer, so they rest in the morning to avoid the sun and run in the night when it’s cool.



Deep in the night, the members of the thunderbolt squad either had their legs crossed or were laying on the ground as all of them rested. Except for the young master, the other three were only resting with their eyes closed. They didn’t dare to fall asleep….. who knows when a monster will appear in the wilderness.

Getting eaten by a monster while you’re still in your dreams, that’ll surely be something to regret.

“Hm?” Pan Ya, the old veteran named Liu, and the white brute virtually opened their eyes at the exact same time as they heard a sound.

The sound of footsteps!

Suddenly, a shadow passed the bus and then suddenly turned his head….. the passing fighter established eye contact with Pan Ya, the old veteran named Liu, and the white brute.

“I can’t believe I encountered them!”

Luo Feng wanted to curse the heavens. He was originally in a great mood and wanted to return home, but who knew that the four members of the thunderbolt squad were hiding behind a bus and resting. Because the bus was blocking his vision, Luo Feng didn’t know that there were four people ahead of him. By the time he walked past the bus and discovered them, it was already too late!

“Luo Feng!” Pan Ya roared, his eyes flashing with anger.

Jeez….. he thought he would have to search long and hard for him! But who knew that this Luo Feng, this Luo Feng actually appeared in front of them alone!

“Oh, so this guy is that Luo Feng. I’ve seen you before” the mixed youth, the young master Li Wei, just woke up and was already standing up. He coldly looked at Luo Feng….. Li Wei wasn’t dumb: he long knew that the tiger fang captain Pan Ya wanted to kill Luo Feng. Now that Luo Feng has come to them himself, nothing more needs to be said.

Pity could be found in Li Wei’s eyes as he looked towards Luo Feng. “Luo Feng, you barged into the gates of hell yourself” the tiger fang captain Pan Ya glanced at the old veteran named Liu. The old veteran named Liu slightly nodded…… previously, Pan Ya asked senior Liu to help him eliminate the fire hammer squad. However, they weren’t able to find the fire hammer squad that time.

“Tiger fang captain!” Luo Feng’s face changed dramatically.

Barged into the gates of hell? Even a stupid person could figure out that Pan Ya had the intent to kill!

However, without the other three on the side, it’ll be hard to say who’ll kill who.

The three people on the side were a problem. Both the veteran named Liu and the white brute were ‘advanced level warlords’. And even though that young master was weak, his background was horrifying! Several wargods are standing right behind him!

Luo Feng turned towards the old veteran named Liu, the white brute, and the mixed youth and said, “This guy here, the tiger fang captain Pan Ya, has a grudge with my fire hammer squad. I’m sure the three of you can see what he’s about to do. The law says that fighters aren’t allowed to kill each other! Of course, since we’re in the wilderness now, the law is powerless”

“I don’t ask for the three of you to stop them, but to just stand by and not interfere. Let me and this Pan Ya have a battle to the death!” Luo Feng looked towards the mixed youth, “This young master here must be young master Li Wei. Even though I have not exchanged many words with young master Li Wei, I have heard of young master Li Wei’s huge name before. It was from my fire hammer squad comrades that I heard you were young master Li Wei….. if I knew that, then I would’ve gave the twin headed black striped snake to you”

Luo Feng humbled himself and praised this young master Li Wei. “Yup yup” young master Li Wei slightly smiled, as he was clearly enjoying the praise of this genius fighter.

“As long as this Li Wei and the other two don’t interfere, this’ll be easy. Even if I kill Pan Ya in a direct confrontation, with Li Wei and the other two’s status, they probably wouldn’t bother to deal the matter” Luo Feng expectantly hoped.

Pan Ya immediately glanced at the old veteran named Liu. They had an agreement to get rid of the fire hammer squad.

“Who are you? Speaking in such a roundabout matter like this!” scolded the old veteran named Liu.

“Senior” Luo Feng humbled himself.

“Who’s your senior” the old veteran named Liu glared, “Pan Ya’s two comrades were probably killed by you! Since you killed Pan Ya’s comrades, even death won’t wash away your guilt!”. Li Wei smiled on the side as he prepared to watch how his subordinates will go about killing Luo Feng.

Luo Feng is a genius?

Killing a genius is also a very interesting thing.

“What should I do, what should I do?” Luo Feng’s face was bitter.

“I can definitely kill Pan Ya alone, but it’ll be hard if the other three come into play. Especially that young master Li Wei….. if they act, should I fight back? If I don’t fight back, I’ll die. If I do fight back….. then even if I can kill all of them, I’ll be in gigantic trouble after killing Li Wei”

“But if I don’t kill him and Li Wei takes his revenge, it’ll be even worse!”

Many different kinds of thoughts flashed across Luo Feng’s mind instantly.

The old veteran named Liu, the white brute, and Pan Ya split up as they approached Luo Feng.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Luo Feng threw three throwing knives straight towards Pan Ya, turned around, and then ran!

[DANG]! [DANG]! [RING]!

Pan Ya’s triangular saber swiftly blocked two of the throwing knives. He then dodged the third one.

“Hu!”

The old veteran named Liu, the white brute, and Pan Ya instantly accelerated as they prepared to kill Luo Feng.

But right when they did that, the two throwing knives that fell on the ground after being deflected by Pan Ya instantly shot towards the heads of the veteran named Liu and the white brute! The veteran named Liu and the white brute were turned away from the two throwing knives. Adding to that, Luo Feng’s spiritual force accelerated the throwing knives to insanely high speeds!

The throwing knives were a bit faster than a bullet fired from a sniper rifle! Before the sound of the sonic boom reached them, the throwing knives that were several times faster than speed have already arrived!

“PU!” “PU!”

Two eerie black lights instantly went through the heads of the veteran named Liu and the white brute from behind! With two “PENG” sounds, their heads directly bursted open. These two unsuspecting advanced level warlords were directly and instantly killed!

“WHAT!” exclaimed Pan Ya.

The throwing knife that pierced the head of the veteran named Liu flew along a curved arc and instantly shot towards Pan Ya! A direct attack! Sadly, Pan Ya was only an intermediate level warlord. He desperately waved the triangular saber he had in hand and barely grazed the edge of the eerie black light. However, the eerie black light slightly changed paths.

PUCHI!

Pan Ya’s head was directly sliced off!

“AH!” All of this happened too quickly. The mixed youth, Li Wei, who was happily observing couldn’t help but to widen his eyes and immediately go for his tactical communications watch as he saw the heads of the old veteran named Liu and the white brute burst open.

PUCHI!

The third throwing knife dodged by Pan Ya directly drew across Li Wei’s neck!

A huge head, a head worth an astronomical price, flew up just like that. Fresh blood sprayed from the wound like a fountain!

In an instant!

The four members of the thunderbolt squad, killed!

“The rabbit got hasty and tried to bite someone!”

“You really think I wouldn’t have killed you!”

“Fuck you, you just have wargod parents. Even if they actually find out that I’m the killer….. I could always expose my identity as a spirit reader, give up my freedom, and join the core of the Dojo of Limits.

Furthermore…… who knows whether or not your old dad can actually find me!” Luo Feng put away his throwing knives and at the same time, turned into a shadow and ran off the highway into the grass filled fields.


Chapter 91: Li Wei’s Parents

Like an arrow, Luo Feng shot through the grassy fields; his speed reaching an astonishing level. Using his spiritual force to lighten the burden and also using it to push on the shield on his back….. Luo Feng is moving much faster than he would if he was empty handed.

“Hu~~”

Sprint! Sprint as fast as you can! Don’t stop sprinting!

“I need to leave the scene as fast as possible. With Li Wei’s background, once he dies, his family will probably have some special type of advanced technology to notify them! When that happens, they might use a satellite to investigate the scene! If they find me, then I’ll be in trouble”

Luo Feng doesn’t know much about satellites, and he doesn’t know how they work either.

But when the wargod ‘Lu Gang’ died, the satellite recorded the rat tide explosion. Quite a few people observed the recording through special means.

“After they find out about Li Wei’s death and find the spot where he died, they’ll use a satellite to investigate….. all of these steps will certainly take time. What I need to do now is get as far away as possible as fast as possible. And running in the grassy fields should make it harder for the satellite to discover me” Luo Feng ran with his eyes red. Without his spiritual force, it’ll be impossible for Luo Feng to sprint faster than 100 m/s.

But now, his speed was around 150 m/s.

150 m/s, which is near 900 meters every 6 seconds. That’ll be 9 km every minute! 45 km in 5 minutes!

This speed is extremely horrifying. Usually, only ‘intermediate warlords’ can achieve such a speed.

However, Luo Feng didn’t dare to take any chances…..

He’ll never forget the time where two great wargods came to save the thunderbolt squad when they were surrounded by a monster horde. This shows how big Li Wei’s background was.

“Thankfully, I’m a member of the Dojo of Limits”

“Well, it’s too late to regret it now! My parents and brother are all living in the fighter sector of the Dojo of Limits anyway” Luo Feng has never worried about the safety of his family….. since if the fighters of the world join the Thunder Dojo or the Dojo of Limits, the safety of their families is guaranteed after moving to the respective Dojo’s ‘fighter sectors’.

There was once a case of the ‘Blood Blade’.

‘Blood Blade’ was an advanced level wargod who had a grudge against ‘Fang You’, one of the fighters in the Dojo of Limits. However, ‘Fang You’ has long passed away in the wilderness, so the powerful ‘Blood Blade’ took his anger out on all of Fang You’s family: relatives, parents, children, nephews, nieces, and grandchildren……

All of them were killed!

Immediately, the public was enraged! Note that fighters frequently pass away in the wilderness. The family these fighters leave behind are always protected by all the fighters in their Dojo! Because nobody knows who will die and who will live, so naturally, everybody works together to protect each other’s families.

Soһһwhoever dared to lay a hand on a member of the dojo’s family, becomes the enemy of the entire dojo!

Once the news of Fang You’s families’ death spread around, all the fighters in the Dojo of Limits around the world enraged!

A fighter’s family is something you should never touch!

If you kill them, you become enemies with all the fighters in that dojo!

After that, the world’s strongest fighter, ‘Hong’, personally appeared to investigate the matter. After finding out that the murderer was ‘Blood Blade’, he used all of the information networks in not only all the governments of the world, but also the HR alliance to search for the advanced level wargod fighter who fled to the wilderness. After that, an investigator whose authority was only below ‘Hong’, the chief instructor of the world headquarters of the Dojo of Limits, was sent out. This person was also an existence that surpassed the wargod level!

This investigator brought a staggering 36 wargods with him to hunt down ‘Blood Blade’!

In the end, Blood Blade killed himself. He was probably afraid of being caught and tortured!

After that incident…..

The creators of the two largest Dojos, the ‘Dojo of Limits’ and the ‘Thunder Dojo’һһHong and Thunder God even hosted and broadcasted around the world the memorial meeting for Fang You’s family. These two absolute strongest fighters also expressed their anger in this memorial meeting!

Whoever dares to touch a fighter’s family is declaring war against all the fighters in the Dojo of Limits and the Thunder Dojo.

And in this memorial meeting, representatives have been sent out from each headquarter cities in the five countries of the world and even from the HR alliance to respond to these two strongest fighters! From then on….. nobody dared to harm a fighter’s family!

Every country has made it the law to prohibit fighters from killing each other. But as everyone knows, nobody can control what goes on in the wilderness. Also, fighters frequently fight on the border of life and death, so once they have a grudge, it’ll be normal for them to kill each other. So the killings between fighters….. every organization can only keep pretend to ignore it, unless someone has enough evidence like a video.

Only then, will the dojo or government take action.

Or else, they wouldn’t deal with it.

However….. if a grudge between two fighters start to affect their families, then they are dragging in all the powers of the entire world into the conflict!

“Let’s enter #023 city” Luo Feng charged from the highway to the closeset city, #023 city. He was finally able to let out a sigh of relief when he arrived.

This #023 city is what was called ‘Suzhou city’ from before the Grand Nirvana period.

“This city is big, so there are probably a lot of fighters here. I don’t want to attract a lot of attention while I’m here” thought Luo Feng to himself.



Night.

On the highway, blood was splattered onto the bus on the side. The corpses of the four members of the thunderbolt squad were also on the ground.

Ten seconds after the mixed youth, Li Wei, died.

“BEEP!” An area near the chest on the battle uniform of Li Wei’s headless corpse immediately sent out a signal!

Jiang-Nan headquarter city, main city area. In a small sector called ‘Jiang Nan mountain water’ that was ranked #2 out of the six most extravagant sectors in China and ranked #1 in Jiang-Nan city.

Jiang-Nan mountain water sector.

In the most extravagant area of the entire main city area were some preserved mountains and rivers. When Jiang-Nan headquarter city was first built, many of the mountains and hills had to be leveled in order to make room for the dense population. The mountains and hills were removed and replaced with many tall residential buildings. Only in this sector, which took up several miles, did these beautiful mountains exist. There were even man-made waterfalls and lakes, making this the place where countless high ranking government officials and rich people wished to live.

You can’t get into this place with just money. You can’t get into this place with just power!

In all of China, there are six headquarter cities!

In these six headquarter cities, beautiful sectors like these aren’t common. And this sector ranks first in Jiang-Nan headquarter city and ranks two in all of China.

In Jiang-Nan mountain water sector, a villa on the peak of Marvelous Mountain.

The misty starlight encapsulated the entire peak of the mountain. “HUAHUA~~” the sound of a waterfall carried from far away. On the balcony of the villa on the peak of the mountain was a person wearing a loose, deep blue uniform and sitting with his legs crossed. His cold face looked like a sculpted rock and, even though his eyes were closed, one could feel his cold aura emanating from him.

His entire body gave off a heart chilling feeling!

He was one of the strongest fighters on the entire earth, an advanced wargod ‘Li Yao’ whose nickname was ‘Vulture’!

“BEEP BEEP!” An ear piercing sound suddenly came from a seemingly regular looking watch on his wrist.

“Hm?” Li Yao suddenly ferociously opened his eyes, which flashed like lightning.

“Wei!” Li Yao’s sculpture-like cold face suddenly let out a face of surprisement and rage.

“Contact Wei’s two bodyguards” Li Yao commanded his watch. His watch was one of the most advanced products of the HR alliance, which is currently not sold on the market.

“The two bodyguards died too?” a faintly glowing light could be seen in Li Yao’s eyes.

Whoosh!

Li Yao instantly transformed into a shadow as he directly rushed into the third floor of the villa. This third floor had dozens of rooms, one of which was a large auditorium. The hazy shadow came together and stood in the auditorium.

“Turn on! Enter fighter search mode!”

With Li Yao’s command, a gigantic apparatus on the side of the auditorium shot out a misty light, which focused in the center of the auditorium and became a 3D hologram.

“Mr. Li Yao”

All that could be seen in the 3D hologram was a person, who was an old man wearing a black suit. This black suit wearing old man was looking at Li Yao.

Actually, right when the 3D hologram was formed, the apparatus projecting the hologram also recorded Li Yao, which was then projected into another target in the auditorium.

“Confirm the location of my son Li Wei” all that could be seen on Li Yao’s face was haste, “Search for the positions of all the wargods in a 100 mile radius of his position.

“There are no wargods within a 100 mile radius of Li Wei’s position” said the black suit wearing old man.

“How is that possible? Not even half a minute has passed yet” Li Wei’s face changed dramatically.

With the device in his son’s battle uniform, it’ll send a signal 10 seconds after it detects the heart stops beating. From then until Li Yao began his search, not even 30 seconds has passed. Even if a wargod runs past the speed of sound at a speed of 400 m/s, that isn’t even 30 miles yet. So how come nothing could be found?

To Li Yao, only a wargod level fighter could kill his son’s two advanced level warlord bodyguards so quickly that they didn’t even have the chance to report.

“How can this be…..”

Li Yao didn’t dare to hesitate and immediately commanded, “Search for all the advanced level warlord fighters within 100 miles!”

“Searching for wargods is a privilege granted through membership of the Palace of Wargods. Searching for warlords….. needs an S rank member of the underground alliance” said the black suit wearing old man. The HR alliance has a way to find out the positions of all warrior and warlord level fighters. However, the way the HR alliance uses to find them is a bit sneaky!

The ‘tactical communications watch’ they sell have a secret to them.

Since the tactical communications watch is able to perform various functions like transferring money to another person’s bank account, it’s connected to their respective fighter’s fighter card and identification number! Through the tactical communications watch, they can naturally pinpoint anyone’s location.

However, they wouldn’t dare to reveal this secret! Once they reveal it, millions of fighters will start to boycott their things. Even though they’re the only power that currently sells tactical communication watches, they didn’t dare to enrage the public. So…… only an S rank member of the underground alliance is allowed to use this function to search for fighters lower than the wargod level.

Only the highest of highest ranking members in the underground alliance have the authority to do that.

And advanced level wargod ‘Li Yao’ did not have such authority.

“BOOM!” an explosion carried from far away.

A shadow instantly charged into the auditorium, a white, blond haired lady. However, her delicate face was a bit twisted and her dress was a bit ruined under her extreme sprinting….. she was previously attending a banquet and, like Li Yao, received news of her son’s death.

“Yao!” this elegant lady’s eyes were red.

“We can search now right” Li Yao stared at the ‘black suit wearing old man’ in the 3D hologram. However, the black suit wearing old man was looking at the elegant lady.

This lady was the blood sister of the current director of the Paulinus family, one of the nine core families of the HR alliance. At the same time, she was also the advanced level wargod VeninaPaulinus, nickname ‘Scorpion’. As of now, she’s the director of HR alliance’s Huaxia sector.

She ranks 3 in the members of the HR alliance in China, so she is an S rank member.


Chapter 92: Astronomical Bounty

“Search!” commanded the blond haired lady.

“Yes”

A huge holographic map appeared in front of the black suit wearing old man. In the center of the map was a red dot, which represented Li Wei’s location.

Six light dots appeared within a 100 mile radius of Li Wei’s location, “There are six advanced level warlord level fighters within a 100 mile radius!”

“Investigate each of them, and display each of their distances from Li Wei” coldly commanded Li Yao.

BEEP BEEP~ The hologram slightly vibrated twice, and both holograms started to display a huge amount of information.

“Six advanced level warlords, other than Wei’s two bodyguards, the other four are in #003 city?” Li Yao’s face was extremely unhappy. He only has four suspects, since the other two are dead already, “Out of these four, the closest one is 20 miles away. WIth an advanced level warlord’s speed, it’s pretty much impossible for him to run 20 miles away within a minute”.

“Yao! Just who killed Wei?” the blond haired lady’s Chinese had a bit of an accent, but it was still quite fluent.

“Search for all the intermediate warlords! All the beginner warlords!” said Li Yao as he clenched his teeth.

“How can they be an intermediate or beginner level warlord?” the blond haired lady’s face was also full of nervousness, “With Ka Long and the other’s strength, how can they die to an intermediate or a beginner level warlord without even having the chance to report?”

“Shut up!” LI Yao couldn’t help but to scold.

The blond haired lady held in her objections.

“Within a 100 mile radius, there are 21 intermediate level warlords” answered the black suit wearing old man. On the holographic map, 21 lights that were a bit dimmer than the others appeared, “There are 21 beginner level warlords within a 100 mile radius”. Once again, dots representing the low level warlord level fighters appeared on the map.

Li Yao’s words seemed to barely be able to squeeze past his teeth: “Record all the information on these fighters, including their distance to Li Wei! Also, search for all the warrior level fighters and record their information too.

After that, send it to me and Venina”.

“Yes” the black suit wearing old man bowed respectfully.

Li Yao glanced at the huge amounts of flashing dots on the map. They were dense and almost uncountable. Clearly, compared to warlord leveled fighters….. there were at least 10 times more warrior level fighters! These hundreds of flashing dots were quite bright.

And one of these hundreds of flashing dots, was Luo Feng’s!

Even though Luo Feng has the skill of a beginner level warlord, according to his battle record and information on his fighter card, he’s still an ‘advanced level warrior’.

“Use their battle records to determine their rank! And activate the satellite to record Li Wei’s position!” interrupted Venina.

“Because of the weather, the recording won’t be too good.

As for the recording, our professionals will enhance it. We’ll send it in half an hour” said the black suit wearing old man. Actually, satellite recording isn’t as amazing as regular people think it is.

There are many restrictions.

One of the major ones is weather, which has an enormous effect on the recording quality.

“Mr. Li Yao, director Venina, there are 8 advanced level warlords, 21 intermediate level warlords, and hundreds of beginner level warlords and soldier level fighters.

All the information has been sent.” said the black suit wearing old man.

Li Yao and Venina lowered their heads.

The photos and information of various fighters flashed across their watches, and one of them was Luo Feng! Of course, as a warrior level fighter, he didn’t stand out at all.

After just three minutes.

On top of the starlight covered mountain peak, two blue UFO shaped fighter aircraft flew up and soared through the sky.

“BEEP!”

“Signal read, pass”

Only after that were the two blue UFO shaped fighter aircraft able to leave the city’s defense system.

If their signal wasn’t read and they tried to fly out, the two fighter aircraft would’ve been instantly shot through by lasers and engulfed in flames.

In the cockpit.

Li Yao and Venina both had their battle uniform sets on.

Each of them had their own weapons, and their faces were extremely unamused. The pilot of the aircraft and the other six wargod subordinates didn’t dare to make a sound.

They knew…… that something terrible has happened. The only son of the husband-wife duo nicknamed ‘Vulture’ and ‘Scorpion’ has been killed! This couple isn’t normal at all. Whether in the circle of wargods or in underground alliance’s community, both of them have an extraordinary amount of influence and power.

“Yao, could a monster horde leader have killed them?” said Venina as she frowned.

“How could a monster horde leader appear on the highway? And even if they did encounter one, how could they not have the chance to send a message?” The muscles on Li Yao’s faces started twitching as the cold light in his eyes flashed. As if he just lost everything to him, he’s become cold and enraged like a lone wolf, “I’ve already told Wang Tong at the city to go and check the scene. When he gets there, we’ll have a general idea of what happened”

“Okay” Venina slightly nodded.

Deep into the winter night, the winter wind was chilling. On the highway, the four corpses have long turned dark red. One tall and one skinny, short shadow was carefully investigating the scene under Li Yao’s request. These two were precisely the two great wargods Wang Tong and Li Kan who rushed from the city.

“Whoosh!” “Whoosh!”

Two eerie blue lights flew from the faraway horizon and quickly arrived on the highway as they slowly descended. “Hua!” Not waiting for the fighter aircraft to descend, one of the fighter aircraft’s hatches was opened and two shadows came jumping down from the air. They were precisely Li Yao and Venina! Vulture, Scorpion, Shadow Blade, and Bear Strength, these four have teamed up quite a few times.

Wargods helping each other is a very common occurrence.

“Vulture, I’m sorry” sighed Wang Tong.

“What’s the conclusion?” Li Yao attempted be more polite, but it was clearly filled with rage.

Wang Tong didn’t bother arguing over Li Yao’s tone and pointed to the for corpses: “All I can say….. it kind of seems like the work of a spirit reader!”

“Spirit reader?” Li Yao and Venina both frowned.

“Of course, the possibility remains that the enemy purposefully made it look that way so he wouldn’t be suspected” added Wang Tong.

At this time, a few figher bodyguards jumped from one of the blue fighter aircraft. And five people wearing dark gray uniforms jumped from the other fighter aircraft, all of them carrying some sort of machine on their backs. There were two females, one Asian and one white man out of these five.

There was also a pale old man.

“Nobody else is allowed at the scene” commanded the old man.

“Begin”

The other four suddenly opened the things they had on their back and pulled out all sorts of sensors and detectors as they started to investigate the scene as closely as possible.

Time passed a second at a time.

Li Yao and Venina could only wait silently. Wang Tong and Li Kan exchanged glances, both of them not knowing what to say.

The Vulture and the Scorpion are extremely famous throughout the entire world. Other than the existences that have surpassed the wargod level, there’s virtually nobody that can suppress this couple.

And with their already cruel personalities, would they not avenge their only son’s death?

“Mr and Mrs.” bowed the pale old man respectfully, “We already have results, please come see them”

Li Yao and Venina, and even Wang Tong and Li Kan walked over.

A notebook was there with a simulation already on the screen. The pale old man said, “This old fighter and white fighter probably died in an instant. They died the exact same way: something pierced their heads from behind! This middle aged fighter and young master Li Wei also died at around the same time.

The white fighter died a little later than the old fighter” as he said that, the old pale man tapped the simulation screen.

Suddenly, the simulation began…..

The only thing that could be seen were two lights that seemed to have pierced the heads of the old veteran named Liu and the white brute. After that, two lights shot through Pan Ya and young master Li Wei, cutting off their heads.

“Yea” nodded Wang Tong, “I’ve also checked. The old fighter and the white fighter probably haven’t been able to respond when they died.

As for Li Wei and the middle aged man, their eyes were filled with horror…… clearly, they witnessed the scene”.

The pale old man continued, “We have investigated the surroundings and are 100% sure that no horde leaders have passed by”.

“Using the footprints around the surroundings and the position of the victim’s legs, this old fighter, white fighter, and middle aged fighter were probably charging towards the same point! Which was why they weren’t able to respond to an attack from behind” the pale old man tapped the screen and a figure of a man appeared.

Li Yao and Venina were both squatting beside Li Yao’s body. Li Wei’s head and body were already connected, and his eyes were clearly still in shock.

“I’ve checked! After 30 seconds of Wei’s death, no wargod was within 100 miles!”

“One minute after Wei’s death, there were four advanced level warlords, the closest one being 25 miles away!” said Li Yao deeply, “So….. the killer must’ve hid his strength!”

A person’s strength is determined by their battle record.

Even though some extremely powerful men have killed extremely powerful monsters, they gave all the credit to their allies. Without a battle record, their skill ranking would naturally be low.

“That’s one possibility! The killer is a regular fighter with an average battle record whose actual strength is that of a wargod’s! Second possibility! The killer is a spirit reader who has hid his identity of a spirit reader. A spirit reader is two levels above his fitness level….. so this person could be a beginner or intermediate level warlord.

Of course, we aren’t ignoring the possibility that this person is really good at hiding his skill and only appears as a warrior level fighter! said Li Yao lowly.

“There’s still a third possibility, the killer is one of my enemies, a powerful wargod fighter! He isn’t wearing a tactical communications watch, so I can’t find him”. Wargods usually share their information frequently, so quite a few of them know about the secret behind the tactical communication watches. They’re just too lazy to tell anyone else.

When they’re executing top secret missions, they don’t wear their tactical communication watches.

Silence.

Beside Li Wei’s corpse, only Li Yao spoke. Venina’s eyes were both wet with tears, and Wang Tong and Li Kan kept their distance.

“No matter who, I’ll never forgive the person who killed my son!!!”

“Spread the news of Wei’s death around the world and let every single fighter know” seethed Venina, “I, VeninaPaulinus, will give all my earnings of this year, a bounty of 100 billion, to anyone who can find out who killed my son with enough proof!”

“I don’t believe that this person doesn’t have family or friends! As long as he tells this to someone, as long as he even utters a single word in his dreams or while drunk, as long as he accidentally lets it slip out under any circumstance…… then, even his closest friend might not keep the secret!

A bounty of 100 billion! I’ll make him unable to ever sleep peacefully again in case he accidentally mutters it! I’ll make him unable to ever drink any alcohol again! I’ll fill his life with horror and fear!” seethed Venina.

Wang Tong and Li Kan both took a deep breath on the side.

100 billion?

This gigantic bounty can even mobilize the invincible wargod existences. Know that even a legendary Emperor level monster isn’t even worth 100 billion, so this is an astronomical bounty! With this much money, you can instantly enjoy all the fun in the world.

All sorts of information networks and powers will search for the killer for the sake of this bounty.


Chapter 93: The Effect of 100 Billion

Humans can be controlled by money, and a gigantic amount of it can make one go mad.

100 billion!

“Pretty cruel” Li Kan couldn’t help but to take in a deep breath.

“Even I’m affected” sighed Wang Tong as he shook his head, “Just what you’d expect from the director of the Huaxia sector, blood sister of one of the nine families’ Paulinus family’s director. The rich are always going to be rich”. Even around the entire world, not many advanced level wargods have such wealth.

Yes, hunting horde leader level monsters and selling them is good money, but are horde leader monsters that stupid?

They have intelligence equal to that of a human’s. Once they sense danger and feel like they have no chance of winning, they’ll choose to run away! Once a horde leader level monster decides to run away, it’ll definitely command thousands of thousands of monsters to obstruct the wargod’s path…… even if they can’t obstruct the wargod, it’ll definitely slow them down.

So killing a horde leader level monster is extremely difficult! The stronger they are, the harder it becomes. So the usual situation is, ‘an advanced level wargod hunts a medium level horde leader’, ‘an intermediate level wargod hunts a low level horde leader’, and ‘a beginner level wargod hunts a high level commander’. The chances of success are higher this way.

For example, Wang Tong and Li Kan’s attempt to hunt the ‘steel armored dragon’ ended in failure.

And the amount of monsters isn’t limitless. The stronger the monster, the fewer there are! For example, when Luo Feng and the others of the fire hammer squad were in that small sector and hunted large amounts of commander level monsters, it became significantly harder to find them later….. because the amount of commander level monsters in that area lowered. But this isn’t the worst part, the worst part isһһ you’ll attract the attention of the commander level monsters’ leader, the ‘horde leader’. The fighters are usually able to discover the danger after killing a lot, so they’ll run away. However, this also proves the point that killing monsters to earn money is no easy task. Most importantly…… wargods also have to spend tons of money. Things like weapons and battle uniforms, which one of these things doesn’t cost a gigantic amount? A top tier instruction manual also costs so much that it’s frightening! Many wargods even have to borrow money from the bank.

There’s no helping it, wargods need to spend too much money.

For example, if an advanced level wargod fights against a ‘high level horde leader’, then he’ll have to buy a ‘SS grade battle uniform set’ to be safe, since a Q series (S rank) battle uniform can only defend against most S rank horde leaders’ attacks, but not all of them.

SS grade battle uniform set, SS grade weapon, which one doesn’t cost a fortune?

A SS grade instruction manual and even ultimate instruction manuals like the Nine Stage Thunder Blade are just as expensive! To fully equip yourself with the perfect gear, how many ‘medium level horde leaders’ will you have to kill? This is something that most advanced level wargods won’t be able to achieve.

And don’t even mention the special treasures available in the ‘Palace of Wargods’: those treasures are even more expensive.

It is no lie that many wargods on the entire earth have to borrow money from the bank! Of course, an extremely small amount of wargods are an exception. For example, wargods with special abilities like wargod level ‘spirit readers’ or wargods with extraordinary skills, or wargods with a huge background! It’ll be easy for the sons and daughters of ‘Hong’ to get money, simply because of the influence of ‘Hong’.

The HR alliance is the world’s top financial group. They control over half of the world’s economy and have control in virtually every field.

Their wealth is also just as astonishing.

VeninaPaulinus is the director of the HR alliance in China and is the blood sister of the man who is both the head of the Paulinus family and a top executive of the HR alliance. Does anyone even need to ask about her wealth? Her wealth mainly comes from her family and the HR alliance, and not from hunting monsters. Even her husband, Li Yao, can’t compare to her.



Jiang-Nan headquarter city, Limit Hall.

Zhu Ge Tao was wearing a black dojo uniform and sitting cross legged in a training room. As time flowed, the morning light slowly started to shine into the room.

“Hu” Zhu Ge Tao opened his eyes.

“Open” as Zhu Ge Tao spoke, the projector projected some light which formed a gigantic display onto the wall. Zhu Ge Tao has a habit: every morning, he’ll check the news on T.V to figure out what’s going on around the world.

The reporter’s voice echoed around the training room.

“What?” Zhu Ge Tao froze as he stared at what the morning news was describing on the display.

“100 billion?” Zhu Ge Tao blinked twice.

100 billion!!! Zhu Ge Tao fiercely stood up as his heart rate increased. This amount of money is too crazy. He, one of the Big Four of Jiang-Nan city’s dojo of Limits headquarters, couldn’t even control his surprisement.

“Vulture and Scorpion, so it’s that couple! Well, makes sense. What kind of normal wargod can bring out 100 billion!” Zhu Ge Tao was amazed, “And this news broadcast was directed at the entire population in the country. In other words….. not only fighters, but regular people will know about this too. The HR alliance’s influence is sure great, being able to bring out this news on China’s television channel”

100 billion, even Zhu Ge Tao is affected! It seems like that he, Zhu Ge Tao, frequently offers some geniuses and powerful fighters many benefits. However, he does most of that with his special privileges in the dojo, so he barely has to take out his own money.

“Enter the Home of Limits, wargod fighter discussion section” commanded Zhu Ge Tao.

The display suddenly and quickly changed as it entered the wargod fighter’s discussion section.

As an advanced level warlord, he doesn’t have the rights. But as his identity as a chief instructor, he’s granted access to the section.

“Hmhm, the entire discussion section has indeed become lively. It looks like fighters from South America, North America, Europe, Africa, and other places all have their blood boiling” laughed Zhu Ge Tao, “However, this case happened in China, so this gigantic sum of money will probably end up in the hands of a Chinese”

“100 billion is just like throwing a fat sheep into a pack of wolves”

Indeed, the entire world has been stirred up by this gigantic sum. Even existences surpassing the wargod level have to sigh at this. Since wargods are so moved by this…… don’t even mention a regular citizen! Regular citizens are toiling just for their rent; even 100 million is an astronomical number for them. Don’t even mention 100 billion.

Stirred! The entire world is stirred up! Virtually every information network couldn’t help but to start investigating this case: find this person! #023 city was a huge city that contained hundreds of millions of people. #023 city is high risk high reward, so many fighters are attracted there.



On the eighth floor of some 12 story residential building in the western section of an old city.

“Huhu”

The crazed winds howled and the snowflakes danced. The chilly air charged into the house incessantly, and the floor of the room was absolutely freezing. Luo Feng sat cross legged on a torn cushion as he lightly polished his throwing knives. The only thing in his mind was the astonishing news his tactical communications watch just received: the news of the astronomical bounty.

“I can’t believe they’re spending so much money on my bounty. Even I feel like reporting myself” Luo Feng lightly placed his throwing knife onto the ground, took out another knife, and started polishing it, “100 billion. However, the parents of Li Wei aren’t fools. They’ll only give the money to someone who can bring clear and absolute evidence”

Evidence?

Luo Feng doesn’t think that there’s anyone on this earth who has evidence of him killing Li Wei! Back then, to prevent himself from being caught by the satellite, he rushed straight into the fields after killing Li Wei and the others.

“Unless my luck is really that horrible. So horrible that there just happened to be someone hiding next to the highway and happened to record my face and my actions” but Luo Feng thought that the chance of this is no higher than the chance of fishing up a needle in the sea. Actually, the only thing Luo Feng is afraid of is…..

His fire hammer squad comrades!

“This bounty described the identity and skill of the other three people who died with Li Wei. And the bounty even said that the murderer is most likely either someone with the power of a wargod level fighter, or a spirit reader” Luo Feng’s face sank, “If the captain, Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and brother Chen see this, they’ll probably connect this to me!”

Without a doubt, the other four members of the fire hammer squad easily connected this bounty with Luo Feng! First, Luo Feng stayed in #003 city to kill the tiger fang squad. And one of the four people that died was the tiger fang captain, ‘Pan Ya’.

Next, the bounty itself said that the murderer is either someone with the power of a wargod or a spirit reader! And everyone in the squad knows that he’s a spirit reader. Extrapolating with the two points above is indeed very easy.

As a matter of fact, this was exactly the case. When this astronomical bounty was revealed, the other four members of the fire hammer squad were stunned as they guessed it was Luo Feng.

“Just because they can guess, doesn’t mean they have evidence!” Luo Feng shook his head.

The fire hammer squad guessed it was Luo Feng.

And a few wargods guessed that the murderer was a wargod who had a grudge with the Vulture, Scorpion couple! Anyway, all of these are just groundless accusations: not one person had sufficient evidence.

“When Li Wei encountered danger last time, Li Wei’s parents instantly found the two closest wargods and asked them for help” frowned Luo Feng, “In other words, Li Wei’s parents have enough power to instantly find the fighters in a location. If they can find wargods, then warlords and warriors would be even easier to find”

From Luo Feng’s point of view…..

Locating wargods is much more difficult than locating warlords and warriors!

“They’ll probably find out that I wasn’t too far from the scene at the time” frowned Luo Feng.

This point is extremely disadvantageous! Actually, Luo Feng didn’t know that wargods can locate other wargods through a system in the palace of wargods. Most wargods definitely can’t locate other warlords and warriors. However, Luo Feng’s blind guess hit the mark, since Li Wei’s parents did indeed locate the hundreds of people around the area.

And he, Luo Feng, was one of them!

“I’m probably one of the suspects, but since I’m weak, the chances of being caught should be quite low” frowned Luo Feng, “However, captain, brother Tie, brother Qing, and brother Chen… if one of them reveals the fact that I stayed in #003 city to kill the tiger fang squad and the fact that I’m a spirit reader….. then, even though it’s not pure evidence, Li Wei’s parents will definitely make me into the ‘number one suspect’”

Suddenly, Luo Feng felt a vibration on his wrist.

He lowered his head and looked at the display on his tactical communications watch.

“A phone call from captain Gao Feng?” Luo Feng slightly frowned.


Chapter 94: Xu Xin

“Why would the captain call me at a time like this?” the winds were howling and the snow was falling outside, but various thoughts were currently flashing through Luo Feng’s mind. After taking a deep breath, he lightly said: “Redial!”

Beep…..beep…..beep…..

“Hello, Luo Feng” Captain Gao Feng’s voice carried over.

“Captain, something happening?” said Luo Feng as he laughed.

Gao Feng’s voice immediately sank: “I’m sure you saw that astronomical bounty, that’s a whole 100 billion, definitely enough to make countless fighters go crazy. Especially since the notice said….. the murderer is a fighter with either wargod level strength or a spirit reader! No matter what, you must not reveal your identity as a spirit reader, or else you’ll bring upon yourself huge trouble….. since our fire hammer squad and the tiger fang squad were already in conflict, and one of the four people that died was the tiger fang captain Pan Ya, you’ll easily come under suspect once people find out that you’re a spirit reader. When that happens, you’ll become the target of thousands of thousands of people. No matter how careful you are, the unexpected could always happen”

“I understand. But since I didn’t do it, there’s nothing for me to be afraid of. However, captain, this murderer is pretty strong; he was able to make these four die before any of them were able to contact that couple. He sure is powerful” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to compliment.

“He is indeed strong” Gao Feng also gave his compliments.

Luo Feng continued: “And since Pan Ya died, this is also great news. Our fire hammer squad won’t have to deal with any troubles in the future”

“Indeed, this is quite beneficial to us. I’m just going to remind you again. Be careful, careful, and even more careful! This case has too much riding on it. I’ll remind Chen Gu and the others when I get back. Don’t worry…… if any of them dare to reveal anything, I won’t spare them”

“Oh yea, when are you returning to the headquarter city? The materials of the monsters we hunted are still stored there and we’re waiting for you to return to decide how to deal with them”

Luo Feng smiled: “I was going to stay in the wilderness for a bit longer, but since the tiger fang captain is dead, I don’t have any more business. I’ll return within two days”

“Okay, I’ll see you then” Gao Feng’s voice carried from the tactical communications watch.

“See you later”

Luo Feng hung up and his expression immediately became serious.

From this phone call, it seemed like the captain was seriously passionate about reminding him. After hearing the captain’s words, his heart was indeed warmed. However, one thing can be discovered after thinking this throughһһthe other four members of the fire hammer squad could suspect him.

However, none of the four have sufficient evidence! What can the four of them do for Luo Feng’s trust?

“The best way for me to trust them is if none of them call me. If they don’t call me, then they won’t be able to find any evidence” Luo Feng frowned, “But the captain called me and seemed like he was comforting me….. if I wasn’t careful, along with the pressure brought along by the 100 billion, I might get hot headed and reveal everything to someone I care about”

After Luo Feng thought about that, he couldn’t help but to be afraid! Indeed, a youth who hasn’t even reached the age of 20 just killed an important person and received an ‘astronomical bounty’. Most people would be extremely nervous. Deep relationships with their seniors would easily move them and they might get hot headed and let all the secrets out!

“Using all sorts of ways to ask me actually makes me more cautious instead. And this concern easily makes people drop their guard. Once I reveal the secret, it might get recorded if the captain was using a recording device” Luo Feng took in a deep breath, “With the information that I was hunting down the tiger fang squad and my identity as a spirit reader, along with the fact that Li Wei’s parents are sure that I was one of the fighters nearby… and finally, along with the recording…”

How can there be so many coincidences? With this much evidence, the murderer’s identity is practically 100% confirmed.

Luo Feng took in a deep breath….. indeed, if he admitted the fact with his own mouth, then he’ll be in huge trouble.

Thankfully, he’s been under pressure ever since he was young. He worked and worked to become a fighter. After long periods of stress, he’s able to handle much more than a regular 20 year old youth.



Time flowed slowly, and yet the snow started falling faster and faster, causing everything within sight to be covered in pure white. At the same time, the temperature has dropped to an astonishing level. Soon enough, the time reached midnight.

In the dirty, little room.

Luo Feng sat cross legged: “I received a total two phone calls today! One from the captain and one from Wei Qing. The captain seemed to be extremely comforting while Wei Qing seemed to be in complete shock”. Earlier in the afternoon, the first thing Wei Qing said when he called wasһһ “Damn, Crazy, the captain just told us to be careful not to reveal your identity as a spirit reader. You didn’t kill those four did you?”

Wei Qing and Gao Feng’s phone calls rose Luo Feng’s suspicions.

Of course, only suspicions! Maybe the captain was truly being considerate, and maybe Wei Qing only talked like that because he truly thought of him as a brother.

“Humans are the hardest to read, since they’re so unpredictable”

“In the face of money, brothers turn on each other, couples divorce, parents and children cut ties….. I’ve seen these types of things on the internet way too many times! And needless to say, this is a gigantic sum of 100 billion!” through his tactical communications watch, Luo Feng entered the internet and looked at some discussion boards.

And he soon discovered how crazy the entire world was going over this bounty.

The night was even colder than the day.

Luo Feng was curled up in a corner, but his heart was a bit cold. Ever since he started suspecting captain Gao Feng and Wei Qing, Luo Feng’s entire attitude started changing….. in the past, he was extremely cheerful and straightforward, just like a regular fighter. He was able to fight in front of the face of death with the other brothers in his squad. He was easily able to treat others as his good brothers.

But now……….

“Are they thinking of me as a brother, or are they planning on turning me in for the huge sum of money? Maybe the lack of evidence is the only thing keeping them from doing that” Luo Feng’s gaze was cold.

“What am I thinking!”

“I’m randomly suspecting them” Luo Feng shook his head. He finally realized how his attitude couldn’t help but to change under the gigantic bounty of 100 billion….. He can’t be sure that the others won’t be affected by 100 billion, since, after all, this is 100 billion. This is what caused him to change! Even though Luo Feng knows he shouldn’t be so suspicious, he can’t help himself! One of VeninaPaulinus’ goal was already reached….. Luo Feng started spiraling down under all the pressure brought by the 100 billion bounty.

“Nevermind, I’m not going to think about this anymore”

Luo Feng immediately lowered his head and looked at his tactical communications watch. He then lightly pressed the button and started reading through all the different types of messages on the tactical communications watch’s screen. Suddenly, he flipped through the phone book and was calmed by one of the names that appeared…….. within these names was the good friend that always played with him, ‘Wei Wen’.

“I wonder how Wen is doing ” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to let out a smile as he thought about the things he did with Wei Wen back in the days.

There were quite a few of his high school friends within these names.

There were also some friends in the Dojo of Limits.

The names of his parents and his brother were here too.

“Dad, mom, brother” Luo Feng’s gaze was soft, “No matter what, you guys won’ be in trouble! I’ll definitely overcome this problem”

SuddenlyһһLuo Feng’s gaze landed upon a nameһһ Xu Xin! They exchanged phone numbers back when they chatted in the HR alliance’s market. However, he never called her after all this time.

“Dial Xu Xin’s number” said Luo Feng.

For some reason, he started to get nervous after dialing the number…… maybe his identity as the murderer will be revealed one day. When that happens, the Xu family definitely won’t allow Xu Xin to have any contact with him.

“Hello” Xu Xin’s voice carried from the tactical communications watch, “Is this Luo Feng?”

“Yep, it’s me” Luo Feng’s heart warmed.

“How rare, a big time fighter like you thought of calling me” mockingly laughed Xu Xin, “What, returned to the headquarter city?”

“I’m in the wilderness and it’s night time and I’m bored, so…..” after Luo Feng said this, he suddenly felt a bit awkward.

Bored during the night?

How come this sounds like he’s trying to get a hooker; finding women when he’s bored during the night.

“*Cough*” Xu Xin coughed a bit, “I never knew even you were so ‘playful’”

“‘Playful’? Uh…… how’s college for you right now. As someone who never went to college, I’m quite curious”

Luo Feng immediately changed the topic and the two continued to chat like this. Maybe because it’s the first time they chatted over phone, or maybe because they’re both bored in the quiet night, so they chatted for a long time.

Only until he hung up did Luo Feng realize….. this phone call lasted for 1.5 hours.

“I never knew that chatting over the phone could last for 1.5 hours” Luo Feng’s heart was filled with happiness. Indeed, chatting with your crush for 1.5 hours over the phone can make one really happy.

All the fear previously brought by the 100 billion bounty and all the negative emotions were…..

Completely swept away! The previously nervous, panicking person changed back to the little boy in love….. this change in attitude washed Luo Feng’s spirit.

Luo Feng steadily started to calm down.

This was a peacefulness he never felt before, a peacefulness brought by a gigantic change in attitude. Well indeed, how many normal people go through such huge changes in attitude?

His heart was peaceful and still like water! “This feeling feels so great” Luo Feng really enjoyed this feeling that he never had before. And at this time, he had an urgeһһ the urge to practice his blade technique! Hu! He pulled out the shadow blade from the sheathe on his back.

In this deep, cold night, while countless people were stunned over the astronomical bounty, Luo Feng was swinging his blade and practicing his Nine Stage Thunder Blade in the room of an abandoned building in the wilderness’ #003 city with unforeseen peacefulness. Each swing of the blade gave him comfort he never felt before.

One swing… two swings…

Luo Feng’s spiritual force naturally spread out, and the slight movements the swings imposed onto the surrounding area were clearly checked by the spiritual force.

The cold light, like snow, slowly floated around the room.



Chapter 95: Thunder Blade: Third Stage

After going through a gigantic change in emotion, his current state of mind was crystal clear, for now at least.

Without a second thought, his entire body and mind was focused on his blade.

“Hm?” after practicing for a bit, Luo Feng frowned and thought to himself as he tested some swings. After that, he would then again return to practicing, pause and think for a bit, and then practice again…..

The overall feeling of this was like Luo Feng’s experience of solving math problems while he was still enrolled in school.

To solve a really difficult math problem, you would have to try several different ways. With the information you know, you would continuously fix up your attempts….. until you solve it. The big math problems on the high school tests are super difficult. Sometimes, you can’t solve them by just putting in one or two hours.

And now, Luo Feng studied his blade technique like he was solving a math problem! However, unlike usual, Luo Feng’s current state of mind caused his brain to work much faster than before and allowed him to clearly control even the most obscure parts of his body.

One night of hard work. The morning of the second day was still filled with hard work.

In the afternoon of the second day, Luo Feng was deep in thought as he was holding his ghost blade and sitting on the balcony. He continued to sit there for three hours.

Luo Feng continued to study his blade technique and, as a result, forgot to eat, forgot all about the astronomical bounty, and forgot about all of his suspicions.

Late into the night of the second day, Luo Feng continued to swing his blade in the dark living room on the 8th floor of this residential building! The blade’s cold light completely chilled one’s heart.

Hu! Who knows how many times he has swung his blade by now, but this time, just a slight movement of the ghost blade caused a silver flash to brighten up the entire living room. There was a slight, odd vibration hidden in that light. Like a flash of lightning, the surrounding air caused a shockwave similar to a sonic boom with a “PUPU~” sound.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyes widened in astonishment.

“It worked?”

“I actually completed it! I finally finished the the third stage of theNine Stage Thunder Blade!” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to let out a shout of excitement and happiness.

The third stage of the thunder blade! Completed not too long after the announcement of the astronomical bounty.

“Each stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade gets harder and harder, and I just successfully completed the second stage not too long ago. Who would’ve thought that I could finish the third stage so soon!” Luo Feng let out a smile, “Indeed, I’ll have to thank Li Wei’s parents”. If Li Wei’s mother, VeninaPaulinus, knew that this happened, she’ll probably spit out blood from anger.

TheNine Stage Thunder Bladegets progressively harder! The only person able to complete all nine stages on this earth is ‘Thunder God’ alone.

This ultimate technique is extremely messed up.

The third stage is your strength multiplied by 28! Luo Feng’s current fitness level places him at the advanced warrior level. Multiply that by 28, and his attack power rivals an intermediate level warlord’s! 28! Keep in mind that one level only differs by around a multiple of two.

“My one blade, along with four exertions of force, rivals an intermediate warlord. If my spiritual force assists my ghost blade and adds a fifth or sixth force exertion….. my blade might rival an advanced level warlord!” Luo Feng clearly understood the power of his spiritual force. If you combine the spiritual force with your attacks, its power will stand out even more.

Surprise! An unexpected surprise brought about by the astronomical bounty! The astronomical bounty indeed put Luo Feng under huge stress. Some people could even collapse under this pressure. But some people would work even harder under this stress and improve at an astounding rate.

And Luo Feng received improvement! “I have to thank Li Wei’s parents” Luo Feng’s face was full of happiness, “That ‘astronomical bounty’ indeed spawned fear in the bottom of my heart and made me feel like anyone could betray me. Thankfully, I became happy after chatting with Xu Xin….. this gigantic change made me extraordinarily calm”

His heart was still like water, in other words, not even the tiniest bit of distractions existed! This extreme level of calmness is very difficult to maintain over long periods of time.

Usually, an ordinary person could occasionally enter this state when his life is in danger or during an emergency. During that time, their skill will explode pass their usual limits! For example, Luo Feng, who was absolutely calm and had no hesitations at all, managed to escape from being surrounded by hundreds of commander level monsters at the family mart super market in just a short 12 seconds.

However, that state can usually be maintained for just one or two minutes.

However, with this gigantic change in attitude, he managed to stay in that state for over 20 hours! In these 20 hours of blade training, he managed to complete the third stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade! At the end, it was because of his intense joy that caused him escape the state he was in.

“The astronomical bounty….. sure did affect me. According to the history books, most of the falls of any ancient emperor were caused by their suspicions of their ministers; their suspicions made them ill and therefore led to their death” Luo Feng’s mental state also went up by another level.

The astronomical bounty also has very little effect on him now.

“The captain and the others have no evidence. Without any evidence, naturally, they won’t be able to receive the bounty. If they can’t receive the bounty, then why would they report anything?” Luo Feng’s ears slightly moved, and then he rushed towards the balcony and looked below. Below this residential apartment were dozens of monsters gathering towards the building.

Luo Feng froze, and then laughed: “Looks like my howl from completing the third stage attracted quite a bit of monsters”

“Right now, it’s time for me to return to the headquarter city!” After Luo Feng picked up his bag, blade, and shield, he directly jumped off the balcony of the 8th floor with a lightning-like leap and fell onto the roof of a three story apartment building nearby. After that, he disappeared with a shake of his body.



The train station.

The train station is always the most crowded place, crowded to the point where it’s absurd. The endless chattering spread around the area. A long train slowly entered the train station and, as the ear-piercing brakes of the train came from the tracks, the doors of the train opened. The large amount of passengers, like sardines stuffed in a can, came out.

“The headquarter city, now this is home” Luo Feng walked out of the train’s doors and smiled as he looked around.

“I’m back!”

After riding on the private car of the Dojo of Limits, Luo Feng returned to the Ming-Yue sector after the sun has set.

“This small sector is still the same as always, quiet as usual” through the window, Luo Feng saw the large amounts of residents chatting and relaxing in the small sector.

“Beep!” the car stopped in front of the Limit Hall.

Luo Feng opened the door of the car and walked out. A large group of people could be seen standing in front of the entrance of the Limit Hall: there were quite a bit of fighters with their families, and even some of the people from the fire hammer squad. Of course, his brother and parents were here too.

“Feng” Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan couldn’t help but to yell.

“Bro” Luo Hua’s face was full of happiness.

“Papa Feng”

“Captain Crazy”

Quite a few fighters also yelled passionately.

“Captain, you guys are here too?” Luo Feng laughed and said with a tone of surprisement. Captain Gao Feng, Wei Tie, and Wei Qing also laughed as Gao Feng said: “Didn’t you tell us you’ll be returning these two days. We need to deal with the monster materials we have anyway. Furthermore, we haven’t seen old Zhang for a while, so us brothers can meet up and have a chat”

Luo Feng smiled as he nodded: “Captain, I’ll chat with you guys later tonight, I’m gonna go back first”

“Alright” Gao Feng smiled as he nodded and watched Luo Feng leave. He thought to himself in his heart: “Hm? Looking at Luo Feng’s face and attitude, it seems like he’s quite happy and relaxed and is under absolutely no pressure at all. The culprit might actually not be him”. Even Gao Feng himself didn’t know what his own thoughts were now.

He couldn’t help but to want to investigate and find out whether or not Luo Feng was the culprit, since the attraction of 100 billion was just too great. He didn’t want Luo Feng to be the culprit so his heart could be at ease. How many people on this earth can be not only absolutely worry-free, but also happy under the pressure of the astronomical bounty? At least, it’ll be difficult for a young man who hasn’t even reached the age of 20 to do such a thing.

Gao Feng shook his head, “Whatever, I’m not going to think about this anymore”. Gao Feng had to admit, even he was a bit thrown off by the large sum of money.

“Let’s go, us brothers will have a drink” shouted Gao Feng.

“Go”

“Haha, let’s go together”

The members of the fire hammer squad, including handicapped Zhang Ke, walked into the Limit Hall. Only Luo Feng was in his home.



The second floor of Luo Feng’s home.

After he returned home, Luo Feng placed the bag containing the valuable blade, battle uniform, and dragon egg into his own personal safe in his room. Actually, even if he placed it on the floor, nobody would steal it. This is the fighter sector of the Dojo of Limits; nobody would dare to come here to steal things.

“Without a doubt, Li Wei’s parents have the right to find the fighters in an area. With the number of fighters gathered at the edge of #003 city, they probably searched over thousands of fighters. Since I’m just one of them, the chances of me being suspected are low”

“Li Wei’s parents are already suspecting spirit readers, so they might look into the profiles and bank accounts of fighters they suspect”

“Because of that, from now on!”

“I can’t deposit large amounts of money into the bank account that’s under my real name. I should put the money into an account that doesn’t require a name”. As of now, many banks on earth support ‘nameless accounts’. These accounts don’t care about the person’s identity: you just have to set some passwords and then you’re set!

“One, large amounts of money can’t go into my real bank account”

“Two, until the right time, my identity as a spirit reader can’t be revealed”

“Three, I can’t tell anybody the fact that I killed Li Wei”

“Four, I also can’t tell anybody about the dragon egg and the wargod battle gear, including my family” Luo Feng was clear, that even the tiniest action could ruin everything. So, before he has enough strength to go against the Vulture, Scorpion couple in the open, he definitely can’t reveal anything! For a warlord level fighter, having hundreds of millions to even around a billion isn’t too over the top.

But if their bank account has over tens of billions, how could Vulture, ‘Li Yao’, and Scorpion, ‘VeninaPaulinus’, not get suspicious? Keep in mind that the HR alliance controls over half of the world’s economy. Many large banks are under the flag of the HR alliance: with their authority, they can easily find out Luo Feng’s wealth through their global banking network.

Only a nameless account is the safest.

If even the bank itself doesn’t know who owns the account, then don’t even talk about investigating.

“For me right now, the most important thing is strength! So I better go and buy some more advanced Nine Stage Thunder Blade stages” Luo Feng slightly nodded. At this time, his cell phone started ringing.

“Hello, Luo Feng, are you ready yet?”

“I’m ready, I’m coming now” said Luo Feng as he laughed.

“We’re at the bar at the Limit Hall, come here”

After hanging up, Luo Feng headed towards the Limit Hall inside the small sector.


Chapter 96: Purchasing the Instruction Manuals

In the bar on the first floor of the Limit Hall were around ten fighters chatting with each other. And the people around one of the tables were precisely the members of the fire hammer squad. Soon enough, Luo Feng started walking towards them.

“Hey, Luo Feng”

“Crazy, you’re here?”

All the people in the bar gave their greetings. After Luo Feng smiled as he replied to them, he sat at the fire hammer squad’s table. The men at the table were indeed Gao Feng, Wei Tie, Wei Qing, Chen Gu, Luo Feng, and the handicapped Zhang Ke. The six of them sat down together as they drank and chatted, all the way until around 9 PM. They then accompanied Zhang Ke as he left.

Only Luo Feng and the other four remained at the table.

“Luo Feng, what do you think we should do with the materials we received this time?” smiled Gao Feng as he asked.

“I think we should just sell it all for money” Wei Tie couldn’t help but to yell.

Luo Feng shook his head: “Captain, for my portion of the materials, I’m preparing to sell them to the Dojo of Limits to receive some contribution points! Right now, I only have a sad few hundred points; I don’t even have a one star contribution rank”. These few hundred points were received when he sold a small portion of the materials he got from crazily hunting around 10,000 soldier level monsters back then.

“Indeed, Luo Feng still doesn’t even have a one star contribution rank yet” nodded Gao Feng.

The others couldn’t help but to laugh as they nodded.

“Yea, he should get some more contribution points. There are quite a few benefits brought about by having a high amount of contribution points” laughed Chen Gu as he said, “For example, you have to buy your own instruction manuals. Only by having enough contribution points can you purchase the instruction manuals at a good price! And only with the saint rank can you enter the special training rooms of the Dojo of Limits”

Luo Feng nodded. Even some large powers can’t afford to buy those highly expensive and technologically advanced training rooms.

Only gigantic powers like the Dojo of Limits and the Thunder Dojo can afford to build such special training rooms in each headquarter city. However, your contribution rank has to reach a certain level before you can access them, and you only receive a set amount of time to train in them every year.

“We’ll do it like this”

Gao Feng took out a piece of paper, which had all of the materials the fire hammer squad hunted printed on it, “This list contains what we earned this time. Each material has its own market price, so the price of all of these materials added together comes to around 2.2 billion” Gao Feng toned his voice down a bit.

It’s a bit late now, so there aren’t many people remaining in the bar. Well, it isn’t a big deal even if someone else overhears.

“For this time’s hunt, Luo Feng and I were the main force while Chen Gu, Wei Tie, and Wei Qing were support. So Chen Gu, Wei Tie, and Wei Qing each get 10%, which is 220 million each. Luo Feng and I each get 35%, which is 770 million each!” Gao Feng looked at everyone, “Nobody has any objections right”

The members of the fire hammer squad all laughed.

Objections?

They usually earn 100 million over the course of a year or two. How long has this been? Chen Gu and the others have already earned 220 million! Of course, that’s connected to the fact that they used genetic medicine to increase their skill. If their skill didn’t increase, then they wouldn’t have been able to assist Luo Feng and Gao Feng at all in #003 city.

“Luo Feng, pick some materials that are worth around 770 million. You decide how you want to deal with them” Gao Feng passed the paper over and immediately yelled towards the bar, “Bring a pen over here”

Luo Feng looked at the paper in front of him and carefully inspected the list.

After the pen came, Luo Feng swiftly checked the materials he wanted. Because fighters frequently communicate with each other over the internet and the purchasers of the materials are always competing with each other, the prices have long been clear. Usually, there isn’t much of a difference.

“Luo Feng, you’re selling the materials to the Dojo of Limits for contribution points to buy an instruction manual?” asked Gao Feng.

“I’m preparing to purchase the first four stages of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade” said Luo Feng helplessly, “I just want to buy the fourth stage but, unfortunately, they don’t sell them one by one!”. When you purchase an instruction manual, you have to buy it starting from the first level. Actually, Luo Feng wanted to purchase the fifth stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade too.

However, you would need 2 billion, half price of 1 billion, to purchase the first five stages! And the half price requirement is a three star contribution rank, which is equivalent to a million contribution points! If you convert money into contribution points, then each contribution point is equivalent to 100,000 Chinese dollars. This means that you need 10 billion! Even if it’s cheaper to sell materials to the Dojo of Limits in return for contribution points, Luo Feng doesn’t have that much.

So, for now, he can only purchase the first four stages.

The first four stages of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade costs 500 million, half price 250 million. The half price requirement is a ‘two star contribution rank’, which is just 100,000 contribution points.

“Buying instruction scrolls are indeed a gigantic money sink” Wei Qing couldn’t help but to nod his head on the side, “The HR alliance sells instruction manuals at a much cheaper price compared to the Dojo of Limits’ full price. However, it’s also much more expensive than the Dojo of Limits’ half price”.

“I know, the full price of the first four stages of the Nine Stage Thunder Bladeat the Dojo of LImits is 500 million, half price 250 million. And at the HR alliance, even though there isn’t any contribution rank requirement, it still costs 400 million!” Luo Feng shook his head helplessly. The half price offered by the Dojo of Limits is clearly the most attractive option! Sadly, the requirement for that half price is also very high.

“I already calculated that selling the monster materials to the Dojo of Limits is more cost efficient”



The second day. The fire hammer squad directly went to Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s HR alliance market. First, captain Gao Feng, Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Chen Gu went to take out the materials stored in the large safes. After that, Luo Feng received the materials that he selected earlier.

Layer after layer in the bag was opened. Only until it was stretched to a height of 1.2 meters was it able to fit all of the materials.

Gao Feng, Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Chen Gu sold all their materials to the HR alliance. After bargaining a bit, they earned a slight bit more than they thought they would have. Gao Feng earned 780 million while Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Chen Gu earned a little bit more than 220 million.

“Go, head towards the Limit Hall”

The Limit Hall was the headquarters of the Dojo of Limits in Jiang-Nan headquarter city, but Luo Feng rarely visited this place.

“Gao Feng”

“Big fire cannon”

“Crazy”

After entering the first floor of the Limit Hall, quite a few fighters recognized Luo Feng’s group and passionately gave their greetings. Luo Feng and the others also smiled as they chatted; most of them recognized each other while they were resting in the resupplying base. And, as of now, Luo Feng is quite famous.

Under the lead of a woman wearing a blue suit, Luo Feng and the others got on an elevator and arrived at the 23rd floor.

“Ding!” The doors of the elevator opened.

“Please follow me” the woman wearing the blue suit smiled as she brought Luo Feng and the others into an office. There was a middle aged woman sitting in this office.

“The fire hammer squad, welcome, welcome” the middle aged woman smiled as she said, “My name is Luo Yun Qin”.

“I’m familiar with manager Luo” smiled Luo Feng as he said, “Manager Luo, we’ve brought you some materials this time, have a look” after saying that, he placed his gigantic bag on the floor and released the ropes. Instantly, the huge amounts of materials poured into a metal machine on the side.

Luo Yun Qin’s eye’s flashed and she immediately pulled out her safe. After opening it, she pulled out a tool.

“Beep beep beep beep~”

From the scanning of the machine, each material’s quality, name, and price directly displayed onto the screen. Without the need to check anything by hand, the total price quickly showed itself on the screen.

“A total of 510 million and 255,000 contribution points” said Luo Yun Qin as she smiled.

Luo Feng slightly nodded.

If you sold this batch of materials to the HR alliance, you would probably earn around 770 million. And at the Limit Hall, you only earn around 2/3 of the price: 510 million. Even though you lose 260 million, you earn 255,000 contribution points in its place. If you rely on pure donations to earn contribution points, you need 2.55 billion.

In other words…..

Every 10 million you lose by selling the materials to the Limit Hall earns you 10,000 contribution points.

This is 10 times more efficient than donating! clearly, the Dojo of Limits hopes for everyone to earn contribution points by selling them their materials. There’s a bit of punishment in donating, since you need 100,000 dollars just for 1 contribution point.

“Are you sure you want to sell them?” Luo Yun Qin smiled as she looked at Luo Feng.

“I’m sure” Luo Feng nodded.

Unlike the HR alliance, there is no bargaining at the Limit Hall. But naturally, the Limit Hall’s prices are usually very fair and transparent.

“Add the two low level commander monster materials into my battle record” said Luo Feng.

“Alright. Going by your battle record, your fighter rank is now ‘beginner level warlord’” nodded Luo Yun Qin. A fighter’s rank is determined by their battle record.

For example, if you want to reach the ‘beginner level warlord’ rank, you have to have slain two low level commanders! …..However, battle records are usually not too reliable.

Because nobody knows whether or not you actually killed the monster yourself. You can easily purchase the material and pretend it’s your own.

As a result, the so called ‘fighter rank’ isn’t really that useful. In the circle of fighters, everyone knows who’s strong and who’s weak. For example, if some kid from a rich family purchases two horde leader corpses and says he killed them, his rank would become ‘beginner level wargod’.

And once he does this, he’ll easily attract many fighters wanting a spar.

If he has the strength, then nothing will happen.

If he doesn’t have the strength, then he’ll be super embarrassed when he gets walked all over by a group of warlords. So most people aren’t willing to try and advance their ranks until they have enough strength to back it up.

“When I killed around 10,000 soldier level monsters in two months, most of them being high level soldiers, most of the fighters were sure that I was a beginner level warlord! If so, then I might as well directly raise my fighter rank to ‘beginner level warlord’.



Late into the night of the same day. Luo Feng’s audiovisual room.

The display on the wall entered the ‘Home of Limits’ page. The clearest thing on this page was this list:

Name: Luo Feng

Sex: Male

Address: Jiang-Nan city, China

Fighter identification number: 426123205608010002

Level: Warlord (beginner)

Contribution: 255612 Points (two stars)

Balance: 1189800000 Chinese dollars

“Internet market, instruction manual Nine Stage Thunder Blade” Luo Feng swiftly tapped on the wireless keyboard and entered the page to purchase the Nine Stage Thunder Blade instruction manual. After browsing for a bit, he saw the first line at the top ‘Nine Stage Thunder Blade all nine stages һһ 100 billion (full price) 50 billion (half price requirement: four star contribution rank). This is a gigantic amount! Even more expensive than the elixir of life*, and it needs a four star contribution rank.

Luo Feng shook his head and lightly tapped the purchase button for the first four stages.

“Please confirm whether or not you want to purchase the first four stages of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade. You need to pay 250 million Chinese dollars”

“Confirm!” Luo Feng tapped.

“Please verify your fingerprint and confirm again”

Luo Feng placed his finger on the fingerprint scanner on the wireless keyboard and shook his head as he sighed….. too bad the first five stages of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade needs a three star contribution rank for half price. Having no choice, he could only purchase the first four stages. Usually, the Nine Stage Thunder Blade gets harder and harder as you progress.

Because of some special circumstances, he was luckily able to finish the first three stages. This fourth stage will probably take an extremely long time, unless something special happens again.

“Beep!”

“Fingerprint confirmed”

“Purchase successful! Deduction successful! The instruction manual for the first four stages of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade will arrive at Mr. Luo Feng’s home within 24 hours” the screen continuously displayed the messages.

Luo Feng let out a long sigh of relief: “Now that I’ve purchased the instruction manual, I gotta figure out how I’m gonna safely sell the dragon egg, the battle uniform, and the blade!”

*TL note: For those who are curious and forgot, the current market price for an elixir of life is 30 billion (of course, there’s only demand and no supply).


Chapter 97: Kyoto Headquarter City

“The HR alliance, the Dojo of Limits, and the Thunder Dojo. Even though my identity will be revealed when selling materials to them, I can still tell them to put the money into my nameless account. However, their higher ups could easily reveal the fact that I earned a ton of money” frowned Luo Feng, “Looks like I can only sell them through the black market!”

Where there’s light, there’s darkness!

The competition over buying materials has always been quite fierce. The HR alliance is the alliance between many families and financial groups. Even though this alliance is, for the most part, stable, there’s still quite a lot of competition going on inside. Some financial groups and families hold more positions in the HR alliance and therefore enjoy more benefits.

Because of competition, all sorts of services exist.

You’re a fighter that wants to hide his identity and sell some materials? Alright! If other managers won’t do it, I’ll do it!

You’re a fighter that wants to store money in another country’s nameless account? Alright, everything will be done for you!

As long as you have valuables, tons of material purchasing managers will fight over them!

“Hmhm, so many messages” Luo Feng entered the ‘Warlord fighter discussion area’ and just simply typed in the three words ‘Selling monster materials’. Tons and tons of posts then appeared.

Reading the huge amounts of replies also shows safety and credibility.

“I want to sell the dragon egg, battle uniform, and blade. Yea, I better not sell it in Jiang-Nan headquarter city. I better sell it somewhere else” Luo Feng read the posts one by one, “Hm, this one seems good! Quite a few famous warlord fighters are replying to this post. Huh, even a wargod has replied to this post!”

The Home of Limits discussion area is divided into three ranks: Warrior level, Warlord level, and Wargod level.

Warrior level fighters can only view and post in the warrior discussion area. Warlord level fighters can view and post in both warrior and warlord discussion areas.

Wargod level fighters can view and post in all three discussion areas. Everyone’s account corresponds to their personal ID, so they can’t fake it.

“Quite a few people sell their things to him, so his credibility is pretty good. From Kyoto headquarter city?” Luo Feng slightly smiled as he nodded, “Wang Hou? This name sounds pretty boss, yup, it’ll be him”



Morning of the second day, Luo Feng left home to walk around several places in Yang Zhou city and purchased a cell phone and sim card. Most cell phones need your real name, but some stores sell sim cards without the need to check your ID card. In this world, as long as you have money, people are willing to take risks.

As he bought the cell phone and sim card, Luo Feng also bought glasses, a fake moustache, and some other simple accessories. “Hello” Luo Feng stood in his home’s training room and dialed that Wang Hou’s phone number using the new cell phone.

“Hello, how are you. I’m Wang Hou. How can I help you today?” Wang Hou’s voice was gentle. He left some special contact information in the Home of Limits’ fighter discussion area just for these types of scenarios. Most of the people who call him are pretty powerful fighters, since normal fighters don’t have any treasures to sell.

Luo Feng smiled, “I want to sell you some things that will blow you away”

“Oh? What kind of treasure?” Wang Hou’s voice, carried from the phone, had a hint of surprise in it.

“Worth over 10 billion!” said Luo Feng.

On the other end of the phone.

Wang Hou was originally happily chatting with a white skinned beauty with a great body, but when he heard this, he immediately stood up. Ignoring the beauty, he directly went to a corner near the window and said quietly, “I can handle this. As long as you can bring it out, I can take it! I’m sure you have heard of my credibility. This credibility was built up from trade after trade, so you have no need to worry about the price”

Over 10 billion!

This is definitely a huge trade. Usually, only wargods offer such a huge trade.

“Alright, when you pay, I hope you can send the money to Europe’s Swiss international nameless bank, is that alright?” Luo Feng continued to speak.

“Absolutely no problem. Many fighters who cooperate with me like to store their money there” laughed Wang Hou.

Swiss international banks have always been popular even before the Grand Nirvana period.

Building up the name of a bank or a financial group is extremely difficult, but destroying it is simple. These Swiss international banks have been building up their name over such a long period of time, therefore bringing them lots of business.

“May I ask when you plan on coming?” asked Wang Hou.

“I’ll go to the main sector of Kyoto headquarter city these two days. I’ll contact you at that time” said Luo Feng.

“Alright, alright. I still don’t know your name”

“My last name is Wei” answered Luo Feng.

“Oh, Mr. Wei, then I’ll wait for your grand arrival” Wang Hou’s voice had a bit of passion in it.

Luo Feng smiled as he hung up. He has never attempted these kinds of things before, but it seems like….. it’s really easy. Just one phone call and everything’s organized.

“First, I should open an account in a Swiss international bank” Luo Feng used his new phone in his hand to swiftly enter the web page of a Swiss international bank and quickly applied for a ‘nameless account’. The password was simple, yet safe with its triple part 12 character code comprised of Chinese characters, alphabetical letters, and numbers.

“Done, now I just have to wait to sell my stuff”

That night, under the light of the first floor’s living room, Luo Feng sat around a table with his family and ate dinner.

“Dad, mom, I’m going out tomorrow to deal with some business” laughed Luo Feng, “I’ll probably be able to return the day after tomorrow”

“Oh, where’re you going?” Luo Hong Guo looked at his son with a look of astonishment.

Luo Feng laughed: “To meet a fighter friend”

“Hong Guo, don’t bother asking. Maybe Feng is going to meet his girl friend” snickered mother Gong Xin Lan on the side. Luo Feng was dumbfounded because of this. Gong Xin Lan continued, “However, son, truth be told, you’re quite old now. After next year you’ll be 20. You should start getting into a relationship. A relationship needs at least one or two years before marriage. By then, it won’t be early”

Brother Luo Hua also laughed on his wheelchair: “Yea, bro, even I’m faster than you. You better step up your game”

“You little kid” Luo Feng shook his head as he laughed, “Oh yea, how’re you doing with your girlfriend Nan?”

“What else, of course the same as usual I guess” Luo Hua was extremely happy.



The morning of the next day. After eating breakfast with his family. Luo Feng carried his gigantic backpack as he left his home. He didn’t ride on the Dojo of Limits’ private car, but took a cab to the train station.

Beside the train station was a ‘Kungfu’ fast food restaurant.

Fast food restaurants like Kungfu, KFC, McDonalds, etc. always have an astonishing amount of people entering and leaving them. Luo Feng entered this ‘Kungfu’ fast food restaurant, randomly ate some stuff, and then entered one of the rooms in the restroom. After locking the door, Luo Feng swiftly drew some basic makeup.

He wore the glasses, pasted on the moustache, slightly darkened his skin color, wore a hat, and made his shoes taller.

Suddenly, Luo Feng seemed like a completely different person.

In this kind of fast food restaurant, hundreds of people are inside at any time. With people passing and going every single moment, who would notice Luo Feng? After Luo Feng finished his basic makeup, he left the fast food restaurant and rode the fastest train leaving Yang Zhou city.

As of now, it’s quite costly to protect the trains, so regular people rarely leave the headquarter city. Fighters don’t have to pay anything….. as long as they show their fighter ID card, they don’t even need to purchase a train ticket to board the train. They can also get off whenever they want.

This is one of the privileges of a fighter.



The same day, around 6 PM.

“Dear guests, the train is about to enter the station. Guests who are getting off at Kyoto headquarter city, please get off the train from the front door with all your belongings” with the broadcast inside the train, Luo Feng carried his bag as he got off the train.

“Kyoto headquarter city!”

Luo Feng looked around, “The largest, most populous city in China that’s also its political center?”

“However, compared to Jiang-Nan headquarter city, it’s not much bigger. It’s just that the humidity here is way lower, so it’s a bit colder” Luo Feng smiled as he left the train station and called a cab. He headed straight towards an entertainment area, ‘Will Palace’, that’s quite famous in Kyoto city. It’s also considerably high class.

In front of the main gate to the area stood uncountable beauties wearing all sorts of clothes, which made it seem like one was entering the country of women.

“Mister…..” a man wearing a suit slightly smiled.

“Give me a personal, quiet room. I don’t want anyone to bother me” Luo Feng flashed his fighter ID, which made the receiving manager much more polite: “Understood, please follow me”

Will Palace, room G #3.

“Mister, all the wine is inside here” said the manager respectfully, “May I ask if you need anything else?”

“No need, and without my permission, I don’t want anyone to come in here” ordered Luo Feng.

“Understood, there’s a service list and phone over there. If you have any sort of request, feel free to order us” said the manager as he smiled and left. Luo Feng easily locked the door and, at the same time, scanned the entire room with his spiritual force. There was no sort of recording device in the room. The room also had a beautiful design with an extremely delicate flooring made out of monster fur on the ground.

Luo Feng looked at the screen on the wall, which displayed a list of services.

“Damn, they sure can enjoy themselves” Luo Feng shook his head as he laughed and dialed that Wang Hou’s number.

“Hello, Mr. Wei” Wang Hou passionately yelled.

“Wang Hou, I’m in Will Palace’s ‘Chinese Lobby’ G #3 room in the main sector of Kyoto headquarter city” responded Luo Feng.

“Alright, understood, I’ll be there within an hour” a hint of excitement could be heard in Wang Hou’s voice.

After Luo Feng hung up, he laid on the sofa and made himself some tea with a tea bag taken from the cabinet.

“Hm?” Luo Feng felt his phone in his pocket vibrating.

“Who’s calling me?” the phone in his pocket is Luo Feng’s old phone, and not his new one.

Luo Feng picked up his phone and looked: a call from home.

“Hello” Luo Feng picked up his phone.

“Feng, your brother, your brother had an accident” mother Gong Xin Lan was sobbing as her voice carried over.

Luo Feng was startled as he ferociously stood up.

Smash! The dropped tea cup shattered as the tea inside spilled out.


Chapter 98: Brother Luo Hua

“Luo, don’t, don’t panic” mother Gong Xin Lan sobbed as she spoke, “Your brother almost drowned, but he’s been saved and is fine now”

“Drowned? Mom, what’s going on?” Luo Feng just couldn’t understand: how could something happen to his brother in the headquarter city? Isn’t the nanny always with him?

“Feng, this is what happened: This afternoon, the nanny brought your brother Hua to the nearby park to play. You know that your brother frequently goes to the park….. this time, he met his girlfriend’s parents in the park. That Nan’s parents invited your brother for a chat on the side”

Luo Feng frowned. They never told his girlfriend’s parents about Luo Hua and his girlfriend’s situation.

And this time, his girlfriend’s parents are clearly talking to his brother Luo Hua for a reason.

“At that time, your brother asked the nanny to bring him there and talked to Nan’s parents for a whole hour. After that, Nan’s parents left”

Luo Feng’s mom’s voice was a bit hoarse in the phone, probably due to crying too much, “Afterwards, your brother said he wanted to stroll around the park alone and told the nanny to wait for him at the gate to the park”

“The nanny believed that there wasn’t any danger in the park, since it was all scenery, and didn’t think any further. She then proceeded to wait for your brother at the gate to the park”

“However, who would’ve thought that your brother would actually push his wheelchair into the beautiful lake, which froze a long time ago. There was only one hole, which was created by some playing children. And your brother went right into the lake through that hole”

Luo Feng’s face turned pale as he listened. Even though he knew that his brother was eventually saved, but falling into a frozen lake as a handicapped person showed that he didn’t want anything more to do with this world.

Virtually suicide.

“Thankfully, one of the fighters in our sector, a young man named ‘Qiu Yi’, directly jumped into the lake, broke through the ice, and swam below to search for your brother. He finally found your brother and saved him! At that time, your brother wasn’t breathing anymore, but thankfully, Qiu Yi knew some CPR and saved him. Afterwards, the doctors in our sector said that if they were just a little bit late, he would’ve passed away for sure”

“I wonder what kind of cruel words Nan’s parents said that pushed my son to the brink of death. Don’t they have a child too?” His mother couldn’t hold it in at all and started sobbing again.

Luo Feng just clenched his fists.

Ever since his brother became handicapped, he was usually alone at home. He attended classes through the internet at home too! Being alone for long periods of time caused him to be quite introverted. The only people he opened his mind to were his family.

Mentally, his brother was extremely weak.

“That Nan’s parents probably only cared about their daughter and said all sorts of harsh words to make my brother leave their daughter. Of course they wouldn’t care how my brother would feel”

People are all the same.

In Luo Feng’s heart, his parents and brother are the most important

And in Nan’s parents’ hearts, their daughter is, of course, the most important!

“Mom, how’s he now?” Luo Feng continued to ask.

“The doctor in the sector said that there isn’t any problem now. However, your brother is emotionally unstable, so your dad and I are taking turns to take care of him, in case he does something foolish again” mother Gong Xin Lan shook her head as she said, “Feng, you should come back earlier. Hua opens more of himself to you and isn’t willing to tell us many things”

Luo Feng and Luo Hua are close in age, so Luo Hua was naturally willing to open up more to Luo Feng.

“Okay, I’ll be able to return home tomorrow morning” nodded Luo Feng.

After he sells the dragon egg, battle uniform, and blade, he’ll ride the train through the night and rush back.

After hanging up, Luo Feng sat on the couch; he was quite depressed. His brother actually had a decent life all these years. After moving into Ming-Yue sector and becoming familiar with that Nan, his brother became even happier.

But who would’ve known…… that this first love made his brother extremely happy, and also drove him to death.

“This experience, compared to a regular person, has an even larger impact on my brother”

“That Nan’s parents are probably against their relationship just because my brother is handicapped”

Luo Feng took in a deep breath, “Soon. If I’m lucky this time, I might be able to earn that 30 billion needed for that ‘Elixir of Life’!” 30 billion! Of course, that dragon egg isn’t worth that much. The main things are still the battle uniform and the blade.

“I hope they’re SS grade. If they are, then I’ll be rich”

Luo Feng himself didn’t have a way to grade them, for he would need some professional detectors to do so. Sadly, Luo Feng didn’t have these detectors, and he didn’t want the HR alliance or the people from the Dojo of Limits to examine these things.

Time passed slowly.

Bang! Bang! Bang! The sounds of the door knocks carried over. Luo Feng walked over and opened the door.

“I’m here” smiled Wang Hou.

“Please enter”

Luo Feng let him in and then directly closed the door.

The two of them sat on the couch.

“I heard that Mr. Wei has some valuable things?” Wang Hou’s smile was bright, and his eyes looked like they just found some prey.

Luo Feng slightly smiled as he directly opened the huge backpack he brought with him. The green dragon egg took up the most space in the bag, and Luo Feng carried it over and put it on the couch as he smiled towards Wang Hou: “Wang Hou, this is a dragon egg. I’m sure you can guess what kind of dragon egg it is”

“Dragon egg? A dragon egg worth over 10 billion? Could it be the East China Sea’s green dragon’s dragon egg?” Wang Hou was flabbergasted.

Luo Feng froze.

The East China Sea’s green dragon? That’s an emperor level monster, way stronger than a horde leader.

After all these years, only one green dragon’s egg showed itself on this world. According to the Home of Limits, it sold for an astronomical price.

“What’s with this guy’s guess? After doing business for so long, I thought he would be able to recognize it straight away”

Luo Feng shook his head and said nothing.

What Luo Feng didn’t know was that dragon eggs are extremely rare. Wang Hou himself has only personally seen two of them. Of course he wouldn’t know what kind of dragon egg this was.

“No, the green dragon’s egg is larger than this” said Wang Hou.

“I never said it was the green dragon’s egg, hurry and examine it” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to say.

He said that his things were worth over 10 billion, not just one dragon egg.

“This is the first dragon egg I have received, hehe” Wang Hou’s eyes flashed.

“A dragon egg” Wang Hou swiftly opened his bag, which contained three locked safes. He took out one, and took out a pair of detectors from it afterwards. As if they were spiders, one of the detector’s antenna touched against the surface of the dragon egg. Suddenly, the display of the detector swiftly showed a large amount of numbers.

Wang Hou smiled as he looked at the numbers, “Mr. Wei, you sure are powerful. You even got a dragon egg! In today’s world, none of the monsters worthy of the title of ‘Dragon’ are easy to deal with”

“The test is complete?” Luo Feng looked towards the display.

“Almost” Wang Hou smiled and was totally relaxed.

“Oh” Wang Hou’s eyes flashed and then looked at the screen. He then smiled towards Luo Feng, “According to the database, this is a steel armored dragon’s egg! A steel armored dragon is above average out of all the monsters with the title of ‘Dragon’. I’ll be straightforward and go by the market price for this dragon egg: 5 billion Chinese dollars!”

Of course, before coming, Luo Feng already got all the prices straight. 5 billion is indeed quite a generous price: even if you go to the HR alliance, you probably won’t be able to get such a price.

“Alright, straightforward enough” Luo Feng smiled, “This price is fine”

“There are tons of people willing to speak up for how I do things” Wang Hou smiled, “Business always pays attention to the details. If I scam you, you’ll probably trash talk me on the discussion boards….. if my credibility lowers, then I won’t be able to do any business. Soһһ once anyone does business with me, they’ll know that Wang Hou is fair”

Luo Feng slightly smiled in reply.

“Mr. Wei” Wang Hou couldn’t help but to say, “You probably still have more things?”

“I do” Luo Feng nodded as he took out a blade still in its sheath from his bag.

“Oh?” Wang Hou’s eyes flashed as he looked at the blade and looked at Luo Feng with a face of astonishment, “This is a really nice blade. Even this sheath is extremely expensive. May I have a look?”

“Please do” Luo Feng started to get a bit expectant: I wonder what grade this blade is, at least S grade for sure.

“CHI”

After unsheathing the blade, Wang Hou examined it carefully and couldn’t help but to nod, “Great blade, great blade, this is a really great blade. I’m 100% sure that a wargod used this blade. If I’m seeing this correctly, this should be a SS grade blade. This blade is indeed worth quite a lot”

Luo Feng was extremely happy inside: this blade was actually SS grade!

“We’ll need to see how damaged this blade is before we determine on the price” smiled Wang Hou, “Of course, a blade starts off with no damage, but slowly gets damaged as it battles against monsters. The blade itself suffers damages unseen to the eye and, as time goes on, the damages pile up. It’ll continue like this until one day, the blade itself breaks”

Luo Feng nodded…… the description for an A rank weapon is that it can virtually fight against all A rank monsters without suffering any damage.

Knowing this, weapons can still break.

“The less damaged it is, the more it’s worth. Naturally, the more damaged it is, the less it’s worth”

“Let me check” Wang Hou immediately opened another safe and took out another pair of detectors to examine the blade. A dreamy light shot out from the detector and enveloped this blade.

The detector’s display immediately showed large amounts of information in the form of numbers. Soon enough, the detector calculated the results.

“0% damaged” Wang Hou was extremely surprised.


Chapter 99: The Battle Uniform’s Price

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to let out a smile. The fact that the blade is 0% damaged means that it’ll definitely sell for a good price.

“This weapon was probably used to battle against a monster lower than the SS grade” smiled Wang Hou as he said.

If an SS grade weapon is used to battle against an SS grade emperor level monster, miniscule damages will start to pile up on the blade. As long as the damages continue to pile up over time, it might break.

However, if an SS grade blade is used to battle against horde leader and commander level monsters, then it’ll take absolutely no damage at all.

“Wang Hou, what price can you offer for this blade?” continued Luo Feng.

“If you try to purchase a blade like this, it’ll cost 30 billion, half price 15 billion. If you purchase it in the Palace of Wargods, the lowest price will be 10 billion” smiled Wang Hou, “I’m sure that you know all of this already”

Luo Feng said nothing.

Know this?

He didn’t know much about the legendary ‘Palace of Wargods’. He didn’t think that the best deal for a weapon in the palace of wargods would be even cheaper than the Dojo of Limits’ half price.

“‘100 billion’ is the cheapest price possible in the Palace of Wargods, and the cost to create this blade is around 9 billion. If I purchase this blade, then I’ll have to pay tons of fees before I can sell it again! So the highest price I can give you is 8 billion: any higher, and I won’t gain any profit at all” explained Wang Hou.

Luo Feng understood that if you ask for 9 billion when the cost to make it is 9 billion, you might as well ask the market to make one again. Why would they bother buying your used good? Even though this blade is 0% damaged, there’s no guarantee. After all, the weapons sold by the HR alliance, the Dojo of Limits, etc. all have their word to back up the quality!

“Alright, 8 billion then” smiled Luo Feng as he nodded.

“Straightforward” Wang Hou also smiled, “Mr. Wei, how about we have a friendly chat for a bit later? I’ll pay! This Will Palace is one of the nine greatest palaces, so if you want to find some girls, feel free to mention your requests. Age, height, three sizes, education, looks, virgin or not, etc.”

Wang Hou explained skillfully. This is a huge trade! The best service in this Will Palace is probably a couple million per night.

However, with this trade, a couple million isn’t even worth mentioning.

“Wang Hou, don’t rush, I still have more things” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to say.

“More?” Wang Hou froze.

He thought that they were done with the dragon egg and blade, since the price has indeed exceeded 10 billion. Who would’ve thought that there were even more treasures to be revealed? And clearly, this Mr. Wei in front of his eyes brings out his things from worst to best! If the dragon egg was 5 billion and the SS grade blade was 8 billion, then what about the final treasure?

“Hurry, hurry and show me” Wang Hou was getting a bit excited.

Luo Feng slightly smiled and brought out the final treasure from his bagһһһ an entire battle uniform set! Including the boots, arm guards, vest, etc.

“Man, what a person” Wang Hou couldn’t help but to take in a deep breath, “Could this battle uniform set also be SS grade?”. Depending on what kind of equipment it is, even if they’re both SS grade, the difference could be enormous. For example, when comparing a throwing knife, which doesn’t need that many materials to make, and a blade, the price difference is huge.

And the harder it is to make, the more expensive it is: an extremely flexible battle uniform is way more expensive than blades and swords.

“Take a look” Luo Feng placed the battle uniform set on the table.

“Okay” Wang Hou immediately used the detectors that previously examined the blade. The dreamy light once again enveloped the battle uniform and examined every part. The detector’s display also swiftly showed a huge amount of numbers. Wang Hou looked at the display and smiled at Luo Feng: “Mr. Wei, I can tell that this battle uniform is at least S grade. Whether or not it’s SS grade, we’ll have to see”

Luo Feng smiled and said nothing.

“Hm?” Wang Hou’s expression suddenly focused as he stared at the display; his smile was completely gone.

“What happened?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Look at this” Wang Hou turned the display towards Luo Feng, and Luo Feng took a close look…..

Two items have already been evaluatedһһS grade battle boots, S grade combat trousers, the rest were still being evaluated.

Luo Feng’s face slightly changed.

S grade?

This uniform set was S grade! Even though SS grade and S grade are only apart by one grade, the price difference between the two is like the difference between the sky and the earth.

“How could this be?” Luo Feng didn’t think that Wang Hou would deceive him, since Luo Feng has seen these delicate detectors before when selling his materials to the HR alliance and the Dojo of Limits….. and according to what he knows, these detectors always compare their data to the main database before making their conclusion.

In other words, the results are always recorded by the main database, so no one would dare to falsify the results.

“Hu!” Wang Hou took in a breath, “Alright, it’s all done. Mr. Wei, I’ll give you some bad news first. Your uniform set isn’t a SS grade set. At the same time, I’ll tell you some good news. Your battle uniform set isn’t a S grade uniform set either”

“Because, it’s a uniform set made out of both S grade and SS grade components!” smiled Wang Hou, “The vest of this uniform set is SS grade”

Luo Feng secretly let out a breath.

The results were clear on the display: all the components of the uniform were S grade except for the vest, which was SS grade. And the most important part of the uniform set was the vest, since it’s the main part of the whole uniform.

“The powerful fighter that used this uniform set probably didn’t have enough money, so he only bought an SS grade vest!” smiled Wang Hou, “This is a very common course of action in the palace of wargods”. Luo Feng could figure out that the other parts of the uniform set were still S grade.

“What price will you offer?” inquired Luo Feng.

“A complete SS grade uniform set is worth 120 billion in the Dojo of Limits, half price 60 billion. In the palace of wargods, the lowest price is 40 billion! This SS grade vest is the core of the entire uniform set, so the price of it is half of the price of the entire uniform set! 0% damaged; if you purchase this in the palace of wargods, the lowest price is 20 billion”

“However, the material of this vest is clearly not worth 20 billion, so my offer will be lower. The highest price I can give you is 15 billion for this SS grade vest” smiled Wang Hou, “Of course, with my authority, I’m unable to move such a large amount of money so quickly. If you’re willing to sell it to me, you’ll probably have to wait 15 minutes for me to get the money together”

Luo Feng’s heart pounded.

Dragon egg for 5 billion, SS grade blade for 8 billion, and this SS grade vest for 15 billion. Totaled up: 28 billion! Extremely close to 30 billion.

“What price can you offer for the other components of the vest?” asked Luo Feng.

Keep in mind that everyone’s body size is different so, naturally, the battle uniforms come in different sizes too. Luo Feng has tried on this uniform set before, and it was clearly too large for him. This was why he didn’t plan on keeping it.

“This…..” Wang Hou slightly frowned, and then said, “Mr. Wei, I’ll be honest with you. First, all the other parts of the uniform set are damaged. Because of this, we can’t directly sell them. Next, the market for battle vests is extremely good, but for battle boots and combat trousers….. һ һһ һ һ we’ll do this!!”

“In the Dojo of Limits, a complete S grade battle uniform set is 12 billion, half price 6 billion. The lowest price for it in the palace of wargods is 4 billion. And your S grade uniform set is missing the core component: the ‘combat vest’. In the first place, the price wouldn’t exceed 1.5 billion, and your parts aren’t 0% damaged, so I can only give you the price of 800 million!” Wang Hou shook his head as he laughed, “And this is because of the previous trades we just did. I dare say that no one else would be willing to buy these parts for 800 million”

It was because of Wang Hou’s credibility that Luo Feng went all the way to Kyoto headquarter city.

Wang Hou’s price offers are fair, so there’s no need to bargain any further.

“800 million” Luo Feng hesitated, and then nodded, “Alright, 800 million!”. These parts were useless to him anyway.

“Mr. Wei, do you have anything else?” asked Wang Hou.

“Nope” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to laugh, “Calculate the total and then transfer the money to this account” as he said that, Luo Feng took out a paper which had the nameless account he applied for at the ‘Swiss international bank’ and the corresponding identification password.

Wang Hou smiled as he nodded: “Dragon egg for 5 billion, SS grade blade for 8 billion, SS grade battle vest for 15 billion, damaged parts of an S grade battle uniform set for 800 million. In total: 28.8 billion!”

“Mr. Wei, please wait a moment. I’ll prepare the data of the uniform set and send it over to get permission to transfer the money” Wang Hou swiftly typed some numbers on the detector’s keyboard as he said that. The dreamy light from the detector enveloped the battle vest and sent the specific data values to his headquarters.

Around 10 minutes later.

“Beep beep” Wang Hou took out his cell phone and let out a smile.

“Mr. Wei, the money should be in the account now” said Wang Hou as he looked at Luo Feng, “We contacted headquarters to make an internal transfer at the Swiss international bank, which was why we were able to instantly transfer so much money”

Luo Feng’s cell phone also rang.

After taking out his cell phone to take a look, a message was displayed

һһ”Valuable diamond level guest, your account ending in 189891, as of 23:36 on the 8th, has received a transfer of 28800000000 Chinese dollars. Remaining Chinese dollars in account: 28800000000 dollars. (Swiss International Bank)”

“Glad to do business with you” Luo Feng smiled as he extended his hand.

“A big customer like Mr. Wei needs to help me more in the future” Wang Hou passionately shook hands with Luo Feng, “Is Mr. Wei planning to……” Wang Hou gave a look.

“Sorry, I have things to do” Luo Feng carried his backpack, “Then I’ll be going first”

“Oh, go ahead. I still need to organize these things anyway” Wang Hou smiled. Luo Feng got on the train and left Kyoto headquarter city. Only until the morning of the second day at around 7 AM did he arrive at Jiang-Nan city’s Yang-Zhou train station. Luo Feng went inside the bathroom at the Kungfu fast food restaurant next to the train station and took his accessories off. After washing his face, he returned to his original appearance.

“Time to go back home”

Luo Feng got on the cab and arrived at Ming-Yue sector’s gate. Ming-Yue sector was a fighter sector, which was very strict on who could enter. Naturally, the cab had to stop in front of the gate.

“I’m back” Luo Feng let out a sigh. That dragon egg, blade, and uniform set were like a hot potato. 28.8 billion! That, added with the money he already has, nears the total to 30 billion. Furthermore, he’ll have more opportunities to make money in the future.

“Luo Feng” the bald, old guardsman of Ming-Yue sector yelled.

Luo Feng turned his head.

The bald, old man laughed: “There’s a young lady named Zhen Nan. Last night, she came to the gate of the sector and called over and over again, hoping to meet your brother, without success. Later on in the night, she came to the sector again and asked for my help to transfer a letter to his family member. She hopes you can hand the letter to your brother Luo Hua”

“Oh?” Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat as he accepted the letter.


Chapter 100: Luo Feng’s Promise

After stepping into Ming-Yue sector, Luo Feng directly opened the letter.

Even though his brother’s girlfriend, Zhen Nan, wrote it for his brother, Luo Feng was worried about its content…… his brother just tried to kill himself yesterday and is extremely emotionally unstable. If there are some stimulating things in the letter, it could make his brother go out of control. Luo Feng wasn’t willing to risk it! “I want to see as to what exactly is written in here” Luo Feng’s face was filled with anger but, as he read the letter, his expression started to loosen up.

“Sigh” Luo Feng shook his head, “At least my brother has an eye for people”. Luo Feng realized from this letter that…..

Nan’s parents talked with Luo Hua behind her back! Nan didn’t even know that her parents knew that she was dating Luo Hua; she only realized when she heard that Luo Hua tried to kill himself in the pond.

After hearing this, Nan almost fainted.

Her parents wouldn’t allow Nan to meet Luo Hua no matter how much she cried and argued. After that, she begged with everything she had and convinced her parents by telling them that this is the last time she’ll meet Luo Hua.

However, no matter how many times she called Luo Hua at the gate of Ming-Yue sector, she never received any reply. Since she couldn’t even meet Luo Hua, she had no choice but to write a letter and ask his family to hand it over to him.

“Secretly continue their relationship? Hide it from their parents? Marry after they graduate?” Luo Feng read the letter and sighed. Looks like that Nan girl is quite stubborn about this, as she’s clearly not convinced by her parents.

Ming-Yue sector villa #199, which is Luo Feng’s home. The atmosphere was clearly quite heavy: father Luo Hong Guo sat on the couch in the living room and he seems to have aged a lot just over one night.

“Dad” a voice carried from outside.

“Feng” Luo Hong Guo stood up. At this time, Luo Feng already entered the house and Luo Hong Guo said to him quietly: “Your mom is currently in the room with your brother. Your brother’s emotional state has stabilized a bit, but, no matter what we say to him, he won’t reply at all”

“I understand” Luo Feng took in a deep breath and headed towards his brother’s room.

Squeak! After opening the door, mother Gong Xin Lan, who was sitting beside the bed, saw Luo Feng and stood up: “Feng”.

“Mom, you can go outside and get some rest first” said Luo Feng.

Gong Xin Lan glanced at her little son, Luo Hua, who was sitting on his wheelchair on the balcony without making a sound, and then shook her head before leaving the room.

“This time, my brother is quite…..” Luo Feng found that his brother’s face was much paler than before. He made no sound as he just blankly stared out the window; who knows what was going on in his head at that moment.

“Luo Hua” yelled Luo Feng.

Brother Luo Hua sat on the wheelchair without making the slightest movement, as if he didn’t hear his brother Luo Feng’s voice.

“Luo Hua, I promise you that you can marry Nan” Luo Feng followed up with a second phrase.

Luo Hua’s body slightly moved on the wheelchair and then finally turned towards Luo Feng, let out a bitter smile, and then shook his head as he whispered: “Brother, there’s no point in you saying anything now. Nan and I have no future….. and I have completely given up. I’ll never marry a girl in my life! Never! I’m not worthy”

“What kind of dumb words are you spouting?” Luo Feng slightly frowned as he scolded.

“Dumb words?” Luo Hua immediately became agitated, “Am I wrong? Can a handicap like me with useless legs marry Nan? Yea, Nan is willing to be my wife, but what about after that? In the future, everyone will point their fingers at Nan and say her husband’s handicapped. How will Nan’s family and friends look at her?”

“I’m a handicapped person! Just a handicap!”

“Nan and her parents won’t have any face to meet their relatives and friends after she marries me, and people will always talk behind their back. Even if I make become successful, people will only think that Nan is with a handicap because of what I have and not who I am!” Luo Hua shook his head, “I don’t want such a good girl like Nan to fall to the point where people will always point fingers at her and look down on her”

“I don’t want to drag her down!”

“I will ruin the life of whoever marries me, so I might as well not marry anyone. There’s no point in a handicap like me thinking about girlfriends and weddings” Luo Hua let out a smile, which carried a bit of insanity in it.

“PA-!”

A loud slap landed on Luo Hua’s face, which almost made Luo Hua fall out of his wheelchair. Blood flowed out of the side of Luo Hua’s mouth.

“Bro” Luo Hua froze.

All these years.

Until now, Luo Feng has never hit him before.

“COWARD!!!” Luo Feng’s expression was horrible.

“There are plenty of handicapped people that can shake the world! There’s even one right in our Jiang-Nan city: the wargod ‘Yu Yang’ whose arms have been useless from birth. But with just his two legs, he earned the nickname ‘Gigantic Axe’ for himself, for his legs were comparable to gigantic axes! There are tons of similar cases in the circle of fighters, so don’t even mention regular people” after Luo Feng said that, his brother’s face changed again.

Of course Luo Hua knew about these cases.

Ever since he was little, he has been reading way too many cases like this. He can probably spit out over 100 of them in one breath. “Your girlfriend wrote this letter for you, take a look” Luo Feng handed the letter over.

Luo Hua accepted it with suspicion and, as he read it, the expression on his face started to change yet again.

“Marry?”

“Nan is a good girl, a very good one, and when I’m with her, I feel like I’m in a dream. However, I don’t want people to point fingers at her in the future. I really, really don’t want that to happen” after saying that, Luo Hua couldn’t hold back his tears anymore as they dripped onto the letter. Luo Hua raised his head and looked towards Luo Feng, “Bro, as long as I can secretly watch Nan enjoy her life, that’ll be enough, more than enough”

“If you truly care about her, then you’ll stay with her” scolded Luo Feng.

“But I justһһ”” Luo Hua couldn’t help but to reach towards his legs, but the location where his thighs should be have long been… “Come with me” Luo Feng pushed the wheelchair and directly went out the room.

“Feng” father Luo Hong Guo and mother Gong Xin Lan, who were outside the house, were shocked.

“I’m going to talk to Luo Hua for a bit” with just a slight push from Luo Feng’s hands, his brother’s wheelchair was horizontally aligned as it rushed towards the second floor’s audiovisual room.

Inside the audiovisual room.

“Bro” Luo Hua looked at Luo Feng.

“Look at the display” at the same time, Luo Feng gave his command, “Turn on!”. BeepһһBeep the projector swiftly projected some light onto the wall. Luo Feng sat on the couch as he tapped on the wireless keyboard, entered the ‘Home of Limits, warlord discussion board’, and searched the board for the three words ‘Elixir of Life’.

Very few people actually talk about the elixir of life.

This item is just way too rare, so most warlord fighters can never find any. Naturally, there’ll be very little news on it. However, there were still a few dozen related posts.

Luo Feng directly opened one of the posts. Of course, Luo Feng has already read all of these since he has been searching all over for information about the elixir of life.

“This is…..” Luo Hua froze.

“Look at this post and finish reading it” said Luo Feng coldly.

Luo Hua turned his head and started reading the short post that was described the ‘Elixir of Life’. Even though it was short, it still explained about the most important ingredients along with the elixir’s effect. Naturally, it also mentioned the price that it sold for a while ago. This elixir of life is extremely rare; there’s no supply, only demand. Every time it appears, it appears in an auction.

“The main ingredient is the essence of the horde leader-surpassing, SS rank Emperor level monster, ‘Earth Dragon”s soul. The elixir can let you grow out new arms and legs? As long as you’re still alive, you can grow them out no matter how bad of a condition you’re in?” Luo Hua was completely stunned by what this post was describing and, at the same time, his eyes were shining.

Whether at the ingredients or the effect.

“No supply and only demand? The most recent elixir of life sold for an astronomical price of 30 billion Chinese dollars?” Luo Hua, who was extremely excited, felt like a huge bucket of cold water poured onto him.

“30 billion?” Luo Hua was familiar with investment and stocks.

Since he’s familiar with this field, he clearly understands what a gigantic sum 30 billion Chinese dollars is!

“See that? You can just grow out your legs again with an ‘elixir of life’! At that time, you can stand up and confidently stand in front of Nan and her parents!” as Luo Feng said that, Luo Hua shook his head.

“Bro, 30 billion man”

“Yea, the assets of the extremely rich men of China near 100 billion. However, that’s just the price of their stocks. First, their stocks are restricted so they don’t have the authority to sell off all of it. Next, even if they could, the enormous amount would smash the market, since the value of them nears 100 billion. They’ll be lucky to sell it off for 40 to 50 billion” Luo Hua shook his head, “30 billion in cash. Very, very few people in all of China can pull that out”

Luo Feng took out his cellphone from his pocket and started to log into the Swiss international bank’s nameless account.

In just a mere moment, he entered the account.

“Bro, what’re you doing?” Luo Hua looked at Luo Feng with confusion on his face.

“Look at this” Luo Feng passed the phone over.

Luo Hua was full of confusion; why is his brother passing his phone over at a time like this? He lowered his head and looked at the phone’s display, which was clearly showing the amount of money stored.

“One zero, two zeroes, three zeroes…..” Luo Hua blankly stared at the number ‘28800000000’.

“28.8 billion!”

Luo Hua raised his head towards Luo Feng; his face full of shock. His brother just became a fighter recently, so how did he make this gigantic sum of money! This amount of money is frightening. What he didn’t know was that Luo Feng took so many risks that he almost lost his life, and that’s with his special spirit reader powers too.

“Luo Hua” said Luo Feng.

Luo Hua blankly stared at his brother, not knowing what to say.

“All I want to say to you is: your brother definitely has the ability to purchase an ‘elixir of life’”

Luo Feng looked seriously at his brother, “And you, will definitely stand up again!”

Luo Hua’s entire body was shaking.

He wasn’t dumb; obviously, his brother took a gigantic risk to earn that 28.8 billion, since nothing is free on this world. The larger the risk, the larger the reward. And all of this….. was for him.

“Bro!” Luo Hua hugged Luo Feng and couldn’t hold back his tears any longer.

Luo Feng lightly patted his brother’s back.

A long moment laterһһ”Luo Hua, you’re smart, even smarter than me” Luo Feng said seriously, “You probably know that such a gigantic amount of money can bring about many troubles. So, you definitely can’t utter even a single word about this to someone else, including mom, dad, and your girlfriend. Once you say something….. your brother could lose his life!”

Luo Hua was shocked: “Bro, I won’t say it even if it means death, I won’t let you…..”

“No worries” smiled Luo Feng.

Luo Feng only said that to make his brother understand the importance of this matter. Actually, even if the two wargods ‘Vulture’ and ‘Scorpion’ find out, they won’t be able to trace it back to him. Even if his brother foolishly lets the cat out of the bag, how many people would actually believe him?

“Luo Hua, I told you that you’ll confidently stand in front of lady Nan and her parents. And I always back up my words” Luo Feng said softly.

“Okay” Luo Hua heavily nodded.

He knew that he’ll probably never be able to forget the astronomical number that was showed to him on his brother’s phone in the audiovisual room.

And he’ll never forget….. the promise his brother gave.


Chapter 101: Three Months of Training

“Let’s go downstairs and eat with mom and dad” smiled Luo Feng.

“Okay” Luo Hua felt like he was a completely different person. Before, he thought that his future was full of despair; he thought living his life would be no better than death itself. But after seeing the miraculous effects of the ‘elixir of life’ and the ginormous number on Luo Feng’s phone, Luo Hua was full of energy! Pushing the wheelchair, Luo Feng brought Luo Hua downstairs.

Father Luo Hong Guo and mother Gong Xin Lan were sitting on the sofa without making a sound. From yesterday until today, in just one day’s time, the couple has suffered too large of an impact.

Their little son tried to commit suicide and now he’s extremely emotionally unstable.

“What should we do”

“What on earth should we do” the two of them had no solution. Breakfast has long been finished in the kitchen, but nobody had the heart to eat anything.

Suddenlyһһ”Dad, mom!” Luo Feng pushed the wheelchair and brought his brother downstairs and he smiled as he yelled, “Where’s breakfast? Let’s eat breakfast together”

“Breakfast?” Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan both stood up.

Luo Hua also smiled: “Dad, mom, I’m hungry already”

Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan stared at their son, Luo Hua, as if they were looking at a monster. Soon after, they ferociously woke up and Luo Hong Guo immediately said: “You’re hungry? Good, good. Hurry, hurry and bring us breakfast!”

“Qin” Gong Xin Lan yelled as she charged towards the kitchen.

Father Luo Hong Guo also ran towards the kitchen. In a moment, the entire household was filled with energy; the heavy atmosphere from before was nowhere to be seen.

Luo Feng laughed as he watched this scene unfold: “Well, now we’re past this problem. With time, my brother’s legs will be able to grow out and he’ll be able to stand up again. Our family will be even happier when that happens”

Why did he bother taking the risk to steal the dragon egg? Isn’t it to hurry up and make enough money for his brother’s elixir of life?

Maybe the heavens were helping him, since he got the battle gear of a wargod when stealing the dragon egg. Thanks to that, he almost instantly received the gigantic 30 billion.



Jiang-Nan city, main city sector.

In the living room on the first floor of a villa on the peak of the Marvelous mountain in the Jiang-Nan mountain water sector, the fighter called ‘Scorpion’ in the circle of fighters, VeninaPaulinus, was currently sitting on the couch with a cold face.

And beside her, was ‘Vulture’ Li Wei who sat there without an expression, as if he was a blade.

“What results do we have” said Li Wei coldly.

In the living room, the middle-aged butler wearing a black suit said respectfully: “Sir, Madam. After investigating the targets for a few days, we picked out 12 people. However, even though we carefully investigated each of the 12, we still don’t have enough evidence to confirm who the culprit is”

“In other words, you still can’t even pick out a target?” Li Yao’s raging, explosive anger could be seen in his eyes.

Hu! The black suit wearing butler felt like he was being stared at by a gigantic monster and couldn’t help but to hold his breath as he respectfully said: “In these group of people, their motives range from being pressured by the HR alliance and wanting revenge by killing the young master, to having grudges against the young master’s bodyguard ‘Ka Long’. Some of them even have grudges against the young master’s bodyguard ‘Pan Ya’ from the tiger fang squad…… we can pick out 8 of them that have such motives. However, these motives are very small, extremely small. If their brains are still working properly, they wouldn’t kill the young master”

“Trash! If they have a grudge against Wei’s bodyguard, they’ll kill Wei? And that, what, tiger fang squad, what kind of shitty squad can enrage such a powerful enemy!” yelled Li Yao as he scolded, “Remember, the person who killed Wei is someone who can instantly kill two advanced level warlords and two intermediate level warlords. He killed them so quickly that none of the four were able to send out a message!”

“Yes” the butler responded respectfully.

“Keep in mind that this culprit is extremely powerful and is just hiding his battle record! To be able to instantly kill two advanced level warlords; with this power, he should be at least 20 years old” Li Yao commanded, “The targets we investigated, other than the ones that have already died, are quite young and weak. Some of them even just passed the ‘Fighter Combat Exam’. You think those little shrimps have enough power to instantly kill two advanced level warlords?”

“You are right, sir” respectfully replied the butler.

Li Yao coldly commanded: “Carefully investigate their past and see which one of them could be hiding their skill. Once you think one of them has that possibility, check them!”

“Understood!” the butler didn’t dare to say any extra words.

“Okay! Once even a sliver of a hint of them being a ‘wargod’ level fighter or a spirit reader appears, stick onto them even more!” said Li Yao coldly, “Of course, we have to investigate the high priority targets, but don’t let the low priority ones go either. Record their info, from bank accounts to wilderness battle records to what their family and friends are doing. Record all of that”

“Yes” respectfully replied the butler.

“You’ve been following me all these years, so I want you to do this with absolutely everything you can and have, understood?” Li Yao’s voice sank and had a hint of killing intent in it.

The butler’s forehead couldn’t help but to start letting out balls of sweat: “Understood”. Of course he knew how powerful this man in front of him was. Even the advanced level wargod, ‘Scorpion’ VeninaPaulinus from the Paulinus family, didn’t dare to go against Li Yao.

“Go!” Li Yao waved his hand.

The butler swiftly left.

After the butler left, the only people left in the living room were the couple Li Yao and VeninaPaulinus.

“Yao, if the culprit prepared to kill our son, he probably didn’t bring his tactical communications watch” said Venina with her accented Chinese, “This shows that maybe none of the targets are the culprit”

“I know this possibility exists” said Li Yao coldly, “However, we have to grasp every chance we can. If there weren’t too many people….. I would rather kill a thousand of them than let one go!” a cold light flashed in Li Yao’s eyes. This case has around 500 targets involved, with the Dojo of Limits, the Thunder Dojo, the government’s army, etc. behind them.

These people are all near the headquarter city and enter the headquarter city sometimes, which was why Li Yao didn’t kill them all.

If there were only a few dozen people, he wouldn’t be afraid to take action.

“Yao, who do you think would do it?” frowned Venina as she asked.

“There are less than 10 advanced level wargods that have a grudge against me, Li Yao, on the entire earth. We also made quite a few enemies by letting you have the seat of the HR alliance’s HuaXia sector director back then. Thankfully, I successfully came out of the ancient archaeological ruins back then, so those stupid freaks didn’t dare to take action!” said Li Yao coldly, “The culprit who killed Wei better not let me find out who he is”. In the eyes of the two powerful fighters Venina and Li Yao, they ones with highest possibility of being the culprit was one of their wargod enemies from the past.

However, they won’t stop investigating the 506 suspects either.



Yang Zhou city, Ming-Yue sector.

Luo Feng was quite relaxed: when he’s free, he’d chat with the fighters at the Limit Hall, but he usually spends most of his time immersed in theNine Stage Thunder Blade.

“Hello, captain”

In the reaction speed testing room of the Limit Hall, Luo Feng walked to the side to pick up his phone, “Oh, you guys are going to the wilderness again after new years on March 1st? Sure, I’m fine with that. I wanted to stay at home for a bit anyway and safely spend my two months here, along with polishing up on my blade techniques. Alright, okay, we’ll go after new years”

“You already know about my brother’s situation? This kind of stuff sure spreads quickly”

“I can’t, even I can’t do anything with these kinds of things. But there’s no problem, my brother’s already fine. Yea, I’m training my technique right now. Okay, we’ll talk later”

Luo Feng hung up and left the phone in the corner. After that, he walked back towards the reaction speed testing machine.

We say it’s a testing machine, but Luo Feng has completely treated it as a training machine.

“Intermediate level warlord test, time: 10 minutes” Luo Feng adjusted the testing time on the reaction speed tester: this was already the greatest amount of time possible. Getting shot by a huge amount of rubber bullets is actually good for training one’s dodging abilities, so Luo Feng likes to come here and train.

With a body drenched in sweat, Luo Feng put his phone and some other random things into his pockets.

“For most of the time of the month I was in the wilderness, I’ve been absorbing genetic energy to strengthen my body. Now, I’m not too far from the standards of a ‘low level warlord’”

“I have to keep working hard and see how much stronger I can get in these two months”

Time passed day by day. On New Years’ eve, Luo Feng and his family happily went to a Chinese New Year banquet. Luo Feng and his family also went to meet some friends. As for relatives? Luo Feng didn’t really have any relatives, since his father and mother were both orphans after the Grand Nirvana period.

The Grand Nirvana period destroyed many families, causing many to become orphans.



February 26, dawn.

Luo Feng, in a white dojo uniform, smiled as he headed towards the Limit Hall.

“Crazy, going to the hall so early in the morning?” a brute with a big moustache smiled.

“I’ll be going to the wilderness soon, so I have to hang on to my last few minutes and train and train” smiled Luo Feng as he said. The brute with the big moustache glared: “Dammit crazy, stop saying things that’ll make people mad. Hanging on to your last few minutes? I was there when you were taking your prospective fighter exam and, in a blink of an eye, you’ve already surpassed me”

Luo Feng laughed: “The waves in the back always push the ones in the front in the Yangtze river, so of course each generation has to be stronger than the next”

“Go go go, stop making me mad” laughed the brute with the big moustache as he scolded.

Luo Feng entered the Limit Hall and came to the sixth floor.

There are rarely any people in the Limit Hall at dawn so, as usual, it was empty here.

Luo Feng wouldn’t have come here if it wasn’t to test the fruits of his recent training. Last time he tested, his strength neared 13,000 kg and he received the grade ‘superior’ on the low level warlord reaction speed test. Luo Feng slightly warmed up, “It’s February 26 now. I wonder how much my fitness level has went up after these three months!”


Chapter 102: Arriving from HQ

Sixth floor of the Limit Hall, in the empty training hall.

Luo Feng turned on the fist strength testing machine and its display lightened up.

“I’ll punch without the Nine Stage Thunder Blade technique first and just use my regular strength” Luo Feng slightly adjusted his breathing. After that, like a rampaging gorilla, his right arm and shoulder charged forwards and his fist drew across an arc.

PENG! A low knocking-like sound rang on the machine and the power of the fist violently shook the machine for a bit. The fist strength testing machine displayed a numberһһ ‘9981 kg’.

“Oh, it increased this much” Luo Feng looked at this number and couldn’t help but to let out a happy smile, “Last time it was 6,121 kg and now it gained 3,000 kg more”. Actually, this number was also within Luo Feng’s prediction. Normally, after training on the border between life and death, your strength will increase exponentially.

So, for the month where Luo Feng was in #003 city, Luo Feng improved extremely quickly.

And for the two months he was at home, since Luo Feng completed the third stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade right before he returned home, his rate of improvement was significantly higher than before.

With these three months, his strength has also increased by this much.

“According to the body fitness level estimates, the range 4,000 kg to 8,000 kg represents an advanced level warrior! And 8,000 kg to 16,000 kg represents the range of a beginner level warlord!

In other words, my body fitness level is comparable to a regular beginner level warlord”

Luo Feng smiled as he readjusted his posture.

This time, Luo Feng was preparing to use the Nine Stage Thunder Blade technique. Sadly, even though he purchased the first four stages of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade and has been training for the past two months, he hasn’t been able to complete it no matter what he does. At most, he was only able to control his power more accurately.

“Hu!”

Luo Feng yelled deeply and his breath shot out of his mouth like an arrow. As he yelled, his right arm instantly drew across the space and, in that short interval, it drew across the space, started accelerating, and instantly broke the sound barrier. As a result, a horrifying sonic boom rang. The steel hammer-like fist heavily smashed onto the machine.

“RUMBLE~~” the machine ferociously swung forwards and backwards before stabilizing.

“Feels good” Luo Feng looked towards the display.

The display paused for a bit and then displayed the numberһһ’28081 kg’.

“Hmhm, 9,981 times 2.8 is around…..” Luo Feng calculated in his mind, “Around 27,947. So a punch of 28,000 kg is acceptable”

Luo Feng was quite satisfied with this number: 28,000 kg is quite horrifying.

That’s 28 tons of fist strength! Even a truck is only a few tons, so one can imagine how powerful this fist was.

According to the body fitness level estimates, 16,000 kg to 32,000 kg belongs to the intermediate level warlord range. However, even if they’re both intermediate level warlords, the difference between 16,000 kg and a seasoned intermediate level warlord is extremely gigantic.

If Luo Feng swung his blade with that power, he would be considered powerful for an intermediate level warlord.



As the chief instructor of the Limit Hall, chief instructor Wu Tong frequently comes to the Limit Hall.

“A sonic boom?”

Wu Tong, who was in a quiet room on the fifth floor, suddenly heard the sonic boom on the sixth floor and jumped out of surprisement, “What kind of powerful person caused that sonic boom?” Wu Tong turned into a shadow and directly flew across the stairs and charged towards the sixth floor. The training hall of the sixth floor was mostly empty; only one person was thereһһLuo Feng! At this time, Luo Feng was still standing in front of the fist strength testing machine, thinking about his current level of strength.

“Eh?” Luo Feng turned around, “Uncle Wu”

“Damn, you little kid, were you the one who made that sonic boom? Let me see how powerful your fist was” Wu Tong was extremely surprised as he walked towards Luo Feng, but when his gaze landed upon the fist strength testing machine’s display, he couldn’t help but to freeze, “28,081 kg?”

Wu Tong couldn’t help but to stare at Luo Feng, as if Luo Feng transformed into a monster: “You did this?”

“Who else?” Luo Feng laughed, “However, my body fitness level isn’t this powerful”

“The Nine Stage Thunder Blade?” Wu Tong guessed in an instant. He knew long ago that Luo Feng purchased the Nine Stage Thunder Blade instruction manual. However, many powerful fighters don’t purchase this instruction manual even if they have the money, since many can’t even complete the first stage.

“Even if you’re practicing the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, it shouldn’t be this absurd. What’s your normal fist strength? Up to what stage have you completed in the Nine Stage Thunder Blade?” Wu Tong followed up his question.

Luo Feng smiled as he answered: “Regular fist strength is around 10,000 kg and I’ve finished the third stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade. No matter how much I train, I can’t grasp the fourth stage”. Luo Feng wasn’t planning on hiding his progress on the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, since his strength will gather attention anyway.

Letting out some of his special points will still reap him some benefits.

As for his identity as a spirit reader, Luo Feng won’t reveal that. Even before the vulture scorpion couple started investigating the culprit’s identity with the ‘Astronomical Bounty’ case, Luo Feng never wanted reveal his identity as a spirit reader…… because around the entire world, spirit readers are even more rare than fighters, and fighters are pretty rare in the first place! The appearance of a spirit reader will complicate things a lot.

“Messed up, you’re too messed up, you’re a monster” Wu Tong couldn’t help but to hammer Luo Feng’s chest, “I knew you were quite talented, since I scouted you for the Dojo of Limits. Even though the fact that your body fitness level reached the ‘beginner level warlord level’ is quite astonishing, I’m not too surprised, since some people grow even faster than you. However….. you actually managed to complete the third stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Bladein just a measly half a year! This is just too absurd, monster, monster!”

There are talented people everywhere. There are tons of people whose body fitness level grows at an insane rate! For example, during the few short years of the Grand Nirvana period, the strongest fighter ‘Hong’ and the second strongest fighter ‘Thunder God’ became existences that surpassed the wargod level. In just a few years, they grew to that level where they can even fly!

One can imagine how many geniuses there are on this world! However, the Nine Stage Thunder Blade has nothing to do with body fitness at all.

Luo Feng’s fitness level rose quickly and he was able to finish the third stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade; he’s definitely a monster. Only one or two of these monsters appear a year around the entire world.

“Hurry, test your speed and show me the results” Wu Tong passionately went to turn on the speed testing machine for Luo Feng.

Luo Feng laughed.

Whoosh! His body instantly accelerated like an arrow leaving a bow and then stopped after a few breaths.

The display on the machine showed the numberһһ”128m/s”

“Not bad, this is the level of a normal beginner level warlord” smiled Wu Tong as he nodded.

Luo Feng was pretty happy too.

He was clear that as a fighter’s fitness level increases, his strength will continuously increase too! Strength is okay, but speed….. as you advance, speed becomes harder and harder to increase.

Since the faster you are at sprinting, dodging, and jumping, the more air resistance you’ll encounter! The faster you are, the larger the resistance, which is why speed is harder to increase.

“Speed of 128 m/s, strength of roughly 10,000 kg, with the Nine Stage Thunder Blade: around 28,000 kg. And my reaction speed test gave me a rank of superior for the ‘intermediate level warlord’ test” Luo Feng frequently trains with the reaction speed testing machine, so he has long been clear of his current level.

With his Ru Wei class technique and a bit of knowledge on the “Perfect level’, Luo Feng’s dodging abilities are quite astonishing.

As Luo Feng and Wu Tong were chatting…

Jiang-Nan city’s main city sector’s airport.

The word airport is a very foreign word.

Ever since the Grand Nirvana period, the amount monsters in the sky has increased, raising the standards on airplanes by who knows how many times. The cost to construct an airplane is insanely higher than the cost it took before the Grand Nirvana period. The so called ‘airplane’ has basically no relationship with most people.

There indeed still exists commercial airplanes, but the cost of each ticket for a normal person is insanely expensive! Even a rich person would be reluctant to buy a ticket.

In the waiting area of the airport, the chairman of the Dojo of Limits headquarters and the three chiefs below him, the Big Four of Jiang-Nan city’s Dojo of Limits, were waiting.

“He’s here!” Zhu Ge Tao smiled as he looked towards the sky.

Whoosh! A shadow virtually instantly appeared in the sky above the airport and then dramatically slowed down as it passed through the city’s defense system. After that, it slowly descended. This was a gigantic, blue UFO-shaped commercial airplane that was around 30 to 40 meters in diameter. An enchanting, blue light reflected off the surface of the aircraft.

Beep! The hatch of the commercial UFO-shaped aircraft opened and a staircase extended from it. The Big Four of the Dojo of Limits immediately walked to the side of the staircase. Only people with status were able to come directly to the side of the aircraft. In total, there were around 10 people.

The passengers of the aircraft started coming down the staircase and each of them were of special status.

Keep in mind that…..

Aircraft like these are extremely, extremely rare throughout the entire world! When flying in the air, the aircraft has to guarantee the safety of its passengers. First, the aircraft’s surface’s material is comparable to a Q series battle uniform and a Q series weapon. Even though it’s just a thin sheet, it can completely fend off attacks from a horde leader level flying monster! At the same time, the aircraft is equipped with an expensive mechanical wave cannon! This mechanical wave cannon can completely decimate an emperor level monster that dares to fly near the aircraft.

With all of this, the safety of the passengers is guaranteed. At the same time, the cost to construct it is extraordinary! For example, a Q series ghost blade is 3 billion, half price 1.5 billion. Cheapest price available in the palace of wargods is 1 billion. And the actual value of the blade is around 0.8 to 0.9 billion. If you just count solely the Ke-luo alloy, it’s around 0.6 billion.

And the entire surface of the aircraft is made out of that material.

A 30 m to 40 m diameter aircraft, even though it’s just the surface, the high density causes it to total at around 30 tons. Just the price of the Ke-luo alloy reaches billions and billions of Chinese dollars! Once you add on the mechanical wave cannon and the other stuff…..

A commercial aircraft, just the cost to construct it, is like a galaxy away from the cost to construct an aircraft before the Grand Nirvana period.

Furthermore, the maintenance fee of these types of aircraft is also astonishing! Each time they encounter an attack from a flock of flying monsters, they’ll naturally have to expend tons of energy to fend them off.

That’s why the prices for a ticket is extremely absurd! Many average rich people wouldn’t even purchase one.

“Old Yang!” The chairman of the Dojo of Limits headquarters smiled as he yelled.

A middle aged man wearing a grey robe smiled as he walked over: “Steel hand, haha, long time no see”

“Old Yang, you came here to check out that Luo Feng’s strength right? Well, leaving the small matters aside, let’s go, us brothers will have a nice talk” smiled the chairman of the Dojo of Limits headquarters.


TL note:

some extra info on Zhu Ge Tao:

I’ve mistakenly called Zhu Ge Tao the ‘chief instructor’ back in the chapter ‘Lu Gang, the wargod who passed away’ (vol. 4 ch. 7, which I’ve fixed). I forgot what I called him so I just said chief instructor, not realizing I already used that title for Wu Tong.Also, Zhu Ge Tao’s brother is extremely powerful, therefore increasing Zhu Ge Tao’s status even more (also in vol. 4 ch. 7).

Edit 2: Sorry, ANOTHER mistake. Zhu Ge Tao is also a chief, but a chief above the chief instructor. The chairman is actually another person, so Zhu Ge Tao isn’t the top of the big four. I’ll just call Zhu Ge Tao, ‘Chief’, and Wu Tong, ‘Chief instructor’, because the big four is made out of three chiefs and one chairman.


Chapter 103: Dragon Blood

“Mr. Yang!”

Zhu Ge Tong and the other three chiefs respectfully yelled.

This middle aged man, ‘Yang Hui’, who apparently looked around only 30 years old, was actually over 50 years old and was an ‘intermediate level wargod’. Usually, he lives in the Dojo of Limits’ world headquarters. Whether strength or identity, this Yang Hui is comparable to the man who is nicknamed ‘Steel Hand’, Zhou Zheng Yong.

“We haven’t seen each other for eight years huh. Let’s go, go and find a place to drink some tea. After that, we’ll eat some lunch. Oh yea, Zhu Ge, is your big brother here in the headquarter city? Tell him to come too” said Yang Hui.

“Alright, I’ll call my big brother right now” said Zhu Ge Tong.

Yang Hui was a wargod, chairman Zhou Zheng Yong was a wargod, and Zhu Ge Tao’s brother, ‘Zhu Ge Shan’, was a wargod. People look at each other’s status when making friends; people without any background at all definitely can’t enter their circle.

“Steel hand, is the investigator still in the headquarter city?” asked Yang Hui.

“The investigator went to #003 city in the wilderness a few days ago to train his spear techniques on the horde leader monsters” said steel hand Zhou Zheng Yong, “After the investigator returns, I’ll bring you to him. Half a year ago, when the head came to Jiang-Nan city to find the investigator, the investigator was still in the wilderness”

The head!

When this word came out of Zhou Zheng Yong’s mouth, the three chiefs on the side and Yang Hui’s expression immediately became serious.

Only one man can be called the head by the chairman of Jiang-Nan city’s Dojo of Limits headquarters: The undisputable, most powerful fighter on earth: the creator of the Dojo of Limits, ‘Hong’!

A powerful fighter with seemingly limitless strength! Mankind’s most powerful fighter!

“The investigator has been training, since he’s trying to become an existence that surpasses the wargod level” sighed Yang Hui, “The head also said that investigator Liu has the largest hope of accomplishing such a thing”

An investigatorһһһһһһis nearly at the top of the entire Dojo of Limits! People like Zhou Zheng Yong and Yang Hui who are often allowed to come into close contact with the world’s most powerful fighter, ‘Hong’, could also be considered as some of the most important people of the Dojo of Limits.

“Go, let’s go get some tea. We’ll slowly investigate that little Luo Feng’s stuff later” smiled wargod Yang Hui.

Headquarter ambassador Yang Hui, with the Big Four of Jiang-Nan city, left the airplane.



February 28, dawn.

After finishing a basic warm up that lasted half an hour in the training hall, Luo Feng entered the audiovisual room. The curtains of the windows were closed tight, causing the inside of the room to be mostly dark. The only light source came from the sliver of light shooting in from the door.

“Turn on” commanded Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was relaxed as he finished making his tea and sat on the couch. At the same time, he put the wireless keyboard on his legs and swiftly entered the ‘warlord discussion board’ in the ‘Home of Limits’ and replied to some posts.

These posts have tons of warlord fighters from South America, the EU, Africa, etc. and sometimes, wargods come here too.

And through these posts, you could even video chat with some fighters one on one.

There were tons of functions.

“An elixir of life is indeed rare” Luo Feng purposely posted on some threads that haven’t been active on the topic of the ‘elixir of life’. He caused three of the threads to appear at the top of the page again. Using the terms on the discussion board, he was ‘necroposting’.

Naturally, tons of warlord fighters all over the world see these updated threads, so tons of them started their discussions about it.

Through these discussions, Luo Feng learned much more about the ‘elixir of life’. Sometimes, he would also reply and chat with the fighters in the thread.

“There’s a startling amount of warlord fighters under the Dojo of Limits around the world. And yet, none of them know where the ‘elixir of life’ is” frowned Luo Feng, “Could it really be as the say? That every rare elixir of life ends up in an auction?”

Even if there actually was an elixir of life available, Luo Feng wouldn’t dare to buy it.

He doesn’t have enough strength, so once the Vulture Scorpion couple find out, his nightmare will begin.

“Whatever, for me right now, the most important thing is to increase my strength!”

“The most powerful thing about me is my spiritual force! As of now, my body fitness level is still at the beginner level warlord level. Since my spiritual force raises my actual level by two, I’m actually an ‘advanced level warlord’. In other words, I can openly and easily defeat advanced level warlords” Luo Feng was extremely happy.

Last time, he killed the old veteran named Liu and the white brute by instantly ambushing them from behind when they weren’t prepared!

If he attacked front on, then Luo Feng wouldn’t have a 100% chance of victory. However, the current Luo Feng could destroy the two of them even without ambushing! Spirit readers can destroy fighters of the same level and can fight fighters beyond their level! This is a known fact in the circle of fighters.

“As of now, I can fight against a beginner level wargod!”

“If I play dirty and rely on my spiritual force, it wouldn’t be too difficult to kill a beginner level wargod”

Luo Feng indeed improves quickly. It has only been 8 months since he has awakened, and his strength already rivals a beginner level wargod!

This isn’t that weird though since Luo Feng is an extremely rare spirit reader. The value of a spirit reader is unrivaled. When they are born, their initially weak spiritual force naturally agglomerates and stays hidden in their minds.

Spiritual force turns into the state of a liquid for those who have less of it.

And for those who have more, it exists as a combination between liquid and solid. The more solid there is, the more spiritual force.

And for those with an extraordinarily large amount of spiritual force, it exists only as a solid!

Luo Feng is one of those people possessing that astonishing amount of spiritual force. His rate of growth should already be startling but, once you add the ultimate instruction manual, the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, and Luo Feng’s own bitter training….. Luo Feng’s rate of growth reaches an alarming rate.

In just 8 short months, he’s already comparable to an amazing ‘beginner level wargod’!

However, when compared to ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’, there’s still a difference. ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’ became existences that surpassed the wargod existence during the Grand Nirvana period; their rate of growth was even more startling!

“The dark, golden ball in my conscience holds a huge amount of spiritual force. It’s just that my body isn’t powerful enough to handle it, so the spiritual force can only exist in that dark, golden ball” Luo Feng held his cup of tea and lightly took a sip. The aroma of the tea emanated in his mouth, “So, the stronger my body becomes, the stronger my spiritual force becomes”

“Right now, I should increase my body fitness level as fast as possible!”

Luo Feng entered “Ways to raise body fitness level” in the board’s search function and quickly found a large amount of threads. Clearly, this topic has been discussed by a lot of people.

Luo Feng clicked some of the threads with the highest amount of replies.

“Ways, what ways?”

“Genetic medicine? The price isn’t expensive and, through captain’s friends, I can buy some with 200 million. However, this genetic medicine damages the body quite a bit. After using it to raise your skill, it’ll be hard to raise it any further” Luo Feng slightly shook his head. Genetic medicine usually cuts off all your future hope.

So only people like Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Chen Gu who haven’t been able to increase their skill by the slightest amount of a long period of time, and those who have no confidence in doing so in the future, are willing to use the genetic medicine.

And for people like Luo Feng?

Someone with virtually infinite potential using the genetic medicine is something an idiot would do.

“The second way is pretty good. Once you do it, your strength can multiply by many times! Not only does it have no side effects, but it can also speed up your training” Luo Feng looked at the second way and could only shake his head in vain, “Sadly, this method costs too much”. The second way is by spreading dragon blood all over your body and letting your body absorb it to become stronger!

However, the requirements for the dragon blood is extremely high. First, it must be an emperor level dragon!

Next, it has to be blood from the dragon’s heart. After killing an emperor level dragon, only one portion of ‘dragon blood’ can be made.

How many emperor level monsters are on earth?

And how many of those monsters are dragons?

One can imagine how expensive this ‘dragon blood’ is!

“One portion of ‘dragon blood’, using the Dojo of Limits’ half price, reaches 80 billion! And the half price requirement is a four star contribution rank” Luo Feng could only stare. This is like the legendary ultimate medicine: after using it, your strength will soar without any side effects and your training speed will increase! How great is that!

Sadly, how many people can afford to buy this?

“The third way? Train bitterly!” Luo Feng shook his head. The only thing he could do was train honestly and bitterly, which is also the path that most fighters take.

“With my training speed”

“My body fitness level should be able to reach the intermediate level warlord level in half a year!”

“After I reach the intermediate warlord level, my body fitness level should be able to reach the advanced level warlord level in a year”

Luo Feng nodded: “In other words, with my spiritual force, I’ll be able to reach the ‘intermediate wargod level’ and be able to defeat others of the same rank. I can also challenge advanced level wargods! In three years, with my spiritual force, I’ll be able to reach the ‘advanced level wargod level’, making me virtually invincible against other advanced level wargods! When that time comes, will I still be afraid of Vulture and Scorpion? Two throwing knives will be enough to get rid of them”

Of courseһһһһһһhe’s thinking extremely positively. There’s a huge prerequisite to all of this!

Which is his dark, golden ball has to be able to supply enough spiritual force for him to reach the ‘advanced level wargod level’. If, while training, the dark golden ball disappears…

Then his rapid growth stage ends!

Every spirit reader has a ‘rapid growth stage’ which relies on absorbing the spiritual force they were born with. Once they finish absorbing it, their rapid growth stage will end!

“The existence of the dark, golden ball allows me to train extremely quickly! Hopefully my rapid growth stage will last until I reach the ‘advanced level wargod level’ with my spiritual force” Luo Feng thought to himself expectantly. An advanced level wargod level spirit reader….. for existences below the wargod level, they are the most horrifying existence.

And his dark, golden ball…..

How long can it last until it’s used up?


I updated my note at vol. 5, ch. 2 because I was wrong again. feel free to check it out. if you don’t want to, basic summary: zhu ge tao is one of the three chiefs below the actual chairman.


Chapter 104: Astonished Envoy

Nobody knows when the dark, golden ball in his conscience will be used up, so Luo Feng didn’t think any further on that matter.

March 1st.

Thursday, the day the fire hammer squad departs.

First floor of the HR alliance market, the five members of the fire hammer squad were gathered together.

“Crazy, what’re you looking at? Disappointed that lady Xu Xin isn’t here?” joked Wei Tie. Luo Feng didn’t mention that he already called Xu Xin last night and that he ate lunch and chatted with her for an extremely long time during New Years.

Luo Feng had a crush on Xu Xin, and Xu Xin liked Luo Feng too.

However, none of them said anything about that.

Xu Xin was still in school. She’s also from the extremely powerful Xu family, so she can’t get into a relationship that easily.

As for Luo Feng himself, because of Vulture and Scorpion, the astronomical bounty will keep on going. The shapeless pressure brought by the bounty stares at Luo Feng for every second of the day.

An occasional phone call, an occasional date.

That’s good enough.

“Alright, let’s go” captain Gao Feng stood up.

“Haha, my body’s starting to rust after New Years, let’s go” laughed Wei Qing. After that, Wei Tie, Chen Gu, and Luo Feng all stood up, and the five members of the fire hammer squad rode the HR alliance’s private car towards the train station. After riding the train, they arrived at the south east military resupplying base.

Wilderness, #023 city.

Luo Feng stole a dragon egg last time, and the steel armored dragon’s territory is near the highway and around the country area.

If Luo Feng follows the normal route towards #023 city, he might get caught by the steel armored dragon! After stealing its dragon egg, Luo Feng didn’t dare to accept the steel armored dragon’s fury! In the yard of a ruined, old building, Luo Feng and Gao Feng were attacking a cast steel armor-like gigantic bull. Its body was completely fiery red and white streams blew out from its nostrils as it crazily attacked the human it hated the most һһLike a fly, this young human was always by its side.

This cow type monster was indeed the ‘steel armored bull’ which possessed extraordinary defense. With its armor, this steel armored bull easily placed into the ‘medium level commander level’.

The two high level soldier level steel armored bulls that were with it were taken care of by Wei Tie and Wei Qing.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Luo Feng’s light steps were as swift as lightning, as if he was a gladiator from the times before the Grand Nirvana period that was playing with his target! There were numerous wounds on the steel armored bull but, sadly, they didn’t have much of an effect on it.

“PUCHI!”

A cold light flashed like lightning.

Fresh blood shot up as half of the ghost blade directly sank into the steel armored bull’s neck. After pulling out the blade at the speed of lightning, Luo Feng dashed away!

“PENG~”

The steel armored bull let out an unsatisfied roar. Since its throat has been sliced apart, the roar was weak and sounded like the bull was out of air. After that, the gigantic body fell to the ground, causing the entire ground to shake. The ground that was full of dust and blood directly shook apart, forming a crack.

“Beautiful” praised Gao Feng.

“Crazy, your technique is getting better and better” Wei Qing also couldn’t help but to praise.

Luo Feng himself was clear. When he was surrounded at the ‘family mart’ in the steel armored dragon’s nest and dashed out of the group of several hundred commander level monsters, Luo Feng temporarily grasped the ‘perfect level’ technique for a few short seconds. After that, for the two months he was home…

He frequently used the ‘reaction speed testing machine’ at the Limit Hall to train his technique.

The classifications for technique: һһ’Basic level’һһ’Intermediate level*’, һһ’Perfect level’, ‘Conception level’.

Indeed, Luo Feng has grasped a bit of the perfect level in his two months of bitter training.

“Everyone’s tired now right? We received quite a bit today, so let’s go back to the resupplying base to rest” said Gao Feng as he dissected the corpse of the steel armored bull for materials. Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Chen Gu all replied: “Go, let’s go back”

“Captain, you guys go back first”

“I’m going to go find some more monsters and practice my technique. I’ll come find you guys later” smiled Luo Feng as he said.

“The young sure are energetic” laughed Gao Feng, Chen Gu, and the others. Luo Feng was like this the past few days too. When the other members became tired and wanted to rest, Luo Feng went out alone to hunt more monsters. However, everyone knew about Luo Feng’s strength, so they didn’t stop him.

Gao Feng and the others left, leaving only Luo Feng behind.



The sky was dark.

Luo Feng held his blade in one hand and his shield in the other as he passed through the alleys of #023 city all alone. Sometimes he would fight against powerful commander level monsters, and sometimes he would face off against monster hordes! #023 city was originally Suzhou. Many of the buildings here were oriental style buildings. Sadly, this place has become an amusement park for the monsters.

“Pu! Chi! Fresh blood flew everywhere! Limbs of the monsters were being tossed around! Luo Feng unleashed the third stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade over and over again as he continued to challenge his limits. He rushed into groups of monsters and fought in there! Within a monster horde, Luo Feng would continuously push his technique to the limits and attempt to use the other monsters and the surrounding environment to assist himself. After a very long time…..

Three hours after Gao Feng and the others left to rest, Luo Feng dragged his tired body to a small river and cleaned his battle uniform set as he prepared to return. In a short three hours, hundreds of monsters died to Luo Feng’s hand. However, the reproduction rate of the monsters was also extremely high.

Even if Luo Feng doesn’t kill them, the monsters would kill the weaker ones for food.

The structure of the battle uniform was extremely tight, so nothing could seep inside and no needle-like attacks could get through. A quick rinse is all that is needed to wash off the monster blood on it.



On the sixth floor of a six story residential apartment was where the fire hammer squad was staying.

“Back?” Gao Feng and the others looked at the door as Luo Feng walked through.

“Uh, I killed eight commander level monsters” Luo Feng took out the materials of eight commander level monsters and put them on the floor, “I’ll go train my genetic energy for a bit, and then I’ll come eat dinner”. Unlike others, Luo Feng hunts so many commanders that his bag can’t hold all the materials.

Chen Gu persuaded: “Luo Feng, don’t push yourself too hard; relax a bit”

“Yea, what’s the point of trying so hard and making yourself this tired” Gao Feng also persuaded.

Of course, if Luo Feng pushes himself, the entire squad benefits. Even though most of the materials that Luo Feng gets in his solo hunts goes to him, the other people still receive a share too.

“Haha, this much is nothing” Luo Feng laughed as he went into another room.

In the empty room. The floor has long been cleaned by Luo Feng.

After putting down his shield, backpack, blade, and throwing knives, Luo Feng started training his Dao Yin technique.

“Feels good”

“My body starts to shake when I train my Dao Yin technique when my body is extremely tired”. Luo Feng was extremely happy. Why is it that your training speed increases when you get further in the Nine Stage Thunder Blade? Because the Nine Stage Thunder Blade makes you use even more of your body’s power.

So much power that it starts to affect the cells! The more energy your cells use, the hungrier they become. The hungrier they become, the more energy they can absorb. This is why they can absorb so much genetic energy!

“Why do fighters always say that your strength increases quickly when fighting on the border of life and death?”

“Because, when fighting on the border of life and death, you subconsciously dig out every ounce of strength in your body”

“Using all of this energy enables you to absorb even more energy when training your genetic energy technique” Luo Feng easily deduced the reasons. Compare one person swinging his blade with all his might at home and another person swinging his blade as he kills monsters in the wilderness.

Both of them are swinging their blade! However, the person in the wilderness is able to bring out more of his energy, and therefore uses more energy. This increases his training speed!

“Clearly, I’ve been improving around 30% faster here in the wilderness than at home!” Luo Feng could estimate his training speed via keeping track of how much time he takes to absorb genetic energy every day.

With this, Luo Feng killed monsters all day in the wilderness. Every day, he was covered in blood, as if he just came out of a sea of blood.

And his technique, blade technique, and body fitness level steadily rose thanks to this crazy training style.

Killing crazily like this changed Luo Feng’s aura by quite a bit.

What kind of truly powerful fighter hasn’t been through this kind of slaughtering?

Luo Feng himself is just steadily advancing on this path.



Jiang-Nan city, top of Jiang-Nan city’s Dojo of Limits headquarters.

Inside a huge audiovisual room.

“Judging from these materials, this Luo Feng is quite talented, and he works quite hard too. In two months, he killed over 10,000 soldier level monsters? Sure is bitter. Indeed, he earned that ‘beginner level warlord’ strength through his own efforts” the envoy from the headquarters, wargod Yang Hui, looked at the neatly printed data in front of him.

“Steel hand, did you get that Wu Tong ready?” asked Yang Hui.

“Wu Tong is online right now. He’s ready to chat with you online any time” said chairman Zhou Zheng Yong as he smiled.

Yang Hui nodded and quickly activated the 3D hologram projector.

A dreamy light quickly appeared in the middle of the audiovisual room, forming a 3D hologram. The chief instructor of Yang-Zhou city’s Limit Hall, ‘Wu Tong’, directly appeared, as if he was actually personally there. The only difference between an actual person was that a bit of light could be seen on the surface of the body.

“Wu Tong greets the chairman and envoy” bowed Wu Tong.

“Okay” nodded wargod Yang Hui, “I’m sure you know why I’ve looked for you. You’re the chief instructor of Yang-Zhou city’s Limit Hall, and that Luo Feng lives in Ming-Yue sector. You’re quite familiar with him, right?”

“Yes” nodded Wu Tong.

“Tell me about his body fitness level and his current skill level” commanded Yang Hui.

“Yes” a proud smile appeared on Wu Tong’s face, “Luo Feng is one of the geniuses that appeared in Yang-Zhou city in the last decade. He just turned 19 after New Years. Even though he became a fighter only half a year ago, as of now, his fist strength is 10,000 kg and his speed is 129 m/s. I’m not too sure about his reaction speed, but I know that half a month ago he passed the ‘intermediate level warlord test’!”

“Also, I know that he’s training the Nine Stage Thunder Bladetechnique and, over New Years, has reached the third stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade. In other words, he reached the third stage in half a year”

Wu Tong slightly bowed: “This is some of the important data I know”

“Third stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade?”

The face of wargod Yang Hui, which was very calm before, quickly changed.

“Are you sure?” Yang Hui couldn’t help but to ask.

“I am sure. I saw him throw a punch with all his strength which reached nearly 30,000 kg with my own eye” said Wu Tong with certainty.

Wargod Yang Hui and chairman Zhou Zheng Yong exchanged glances.

“The decision of the higher ups is probably going to change” laughed Zhou Zheng Yong.

But Yang Hui was looking at Wu Tong: “Where is Luo Feng right now, I want to meet him personally!”


Chapter 105: A Spot

Wu Tong slightly bowed as he answered as a 3D hologram: “Envoy, Luo Feng already left with his fire hammer squad members on March 1st. As of now, they are still in the wilderness and haven’t returned to the headquarter city yet”

“March 1st?”

The two great wargods, Yang Hui and Zhou Zheng Yong, couldn’t help but to exchange glances as they started to laugh.

Yang Hui couldn’t help but to laugh as he scolded: “When I arrived at Jiang-Nan city, this Luo Feng hasn’t even went to the wilderness yet. It’s all because of you, steel hand. If it weren’t for you trying to drag me to the…..” as he said that, he suddenly stopped and then waved towards Wu Tong: “Alright, you’re done here”

“Yes, chairman, envoy” Wu Tong slightly bowed.

Chichi~~ the dreamy light scattered and the 3D hologram disappeared.

“Man, that was nearly a slip of the tongue. If this Wu Tong heard that, he would laugh at us for sure” Steel hand Zhou Zheng Yong’s expression slowly became serious, “Okay, let’s not talk about that anymore. Let’s talk about Luo Feng”

“About what that Wu Tong just said, he wasn’t lying about anything right?” frowned wargod Yang Hui.

“100% truth for sure” said Zhou Zheng Yong with confidence, “This Wu Tong knows what he’s doing. Furthermore, if he dares to lie, I can check his facts myself when I get back….. with this, how would he lie?”

“Okay” wargod Yang Hui slightly nodded, “I understand. However, I really don’t believe that a little kid who just turned 19 has a body fitness level equivalent to a ‘beginner level wargod’ and managed to reach the third stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade in just half a year….. rare, really rare indeed. Looks like we’ll have to contact the higher ups”

Zhou Zheng Yong also nodded: “The special training, for this Luo Feng, isn’t too suitable. He might just barely have the rights to enter the Wargod Preparation Camp.

The legendary…..

The Dojo of Limits has two large training camps. One of them is the “basics training camp” while the other is the “elite training camp”. In the basics training camp, genius fighters are picked from all over the world. After signing the contract, they enter this training camp and accept the best training!

And the ‘elite training camp’ is the #1 training camp on earth. It is also called the “Wargod preparation camp”

On earth, the Dojo of Limits has the basics and elite training camp. At the same time, the Thunder Dojo also has the basics and elite training camps….. however, it’s indisputable that the Dojo of Limits’ elite training camp is #1! Even the strongest fighter, Hong, teaches there sometimes.

Hong, who even wargods have a hard time meeting, teaches there. In this elite training camp, you have the chance to meet him!

“Elite training camp you say?” Yang Hui frowned, “His conditions just barely make it, butһһI’ll need to apply to the higher ups. You also know how valuable a spot is in the elite training camp”

“Yea” Zhou Zheng Yong nodded, “I understand!”

Usually, there’ll be two or three geniuses that appear every year in Jiang-Nan city’s Dojo of Limits that get selected to enter the basics training camp. When the Thunder Dojo tried to take Luo Feng back then, they were also using this spot.

However, the ‘elite training camp is different!’. Usually only one person in Jiang-Nan city, a city with a population of 200 million, gets selected to enter the ‘elite training camp’ every five years! And China only has six headquarter cities. You can say that in all of China, a place with over a billion people, only one person a year gets selected!”

“Contact the investigator” commanded Yang Hui.

“Beep beep……”

“Hello!”

A deep, hoarse sound echoed around the listening room.

“Mr. investigator!” Yang Hui and Zhou Zheng Yong immediately stood up and were extremely respectful.

The investigator! The one whose position in the Dojo of Limits is only second to the creator, ‘Hong’! According to the rules of the Dojo of Limitsһһ all fighters in the Dojo of Limits who become existences surpassing the wargod level directly earn the title ‘Investigator’. In other words, all the investigators are existences that surpass the wargod level!

“Oh, Yang Hui, what do you need?” The investigator’s voice carried over.

“Mr. Investigator, I came to Jiang-Nan headquarter city to examine a young man named Luo Feng. However, I found out that he’s only 19 and his body fitness level is already at the beginner warlord level. Furthermore, he only practiced the Nine Stage Thunder Blade for half a year and has already reached the third stage! I think he has the right to enter the ‘elite training camp’” said Yang Hui.

“Oh?”

The investigator went silent for a bit. The audiovisual room was completely silent; Yang Hui and Zhou Zheng Yong didn’t dare to make a sound.

“The Chinese government’s army’s representative just came to our headquarters to make a deal and took a place in the elite training camp. The spots for this year is almost full. Technically, we can’t give any more spots to China….. hm, okay, give this Luo Feng a chance and let him take the B grade exam. If he passes, let him enter the elite training camp” the investigator’s hoarse sound echoed around the audiovisual room.

Yang Hui respectfully replied.

“Beep” the other side hung up already.

Only until now did Yang Hui and Zhou Zheng Yong let out a sigh of relief. Even though wargods and existences that surpass the wargod level only seem to be a step apart, the difference in strength is way too large! An existence that surpasses the wargod level can easily wipe out a city of millions of people and can talk to a powerful country on equal terms.

“B grade exam?” frowned Zhou Zheng Yong, “Isn’t it usually just the A grade exam?”

“There aren’t enough spots and there are too many people in China, so one or two outstanding geniuses appear quite frequently. One of the spots was taken by the Chinese government’s army, so if China wants to let another genius fighter enter the training camp, it won’t be weird for that person to take a harder exam” said Yang Hui.

“Okay” Zhou Zheng Yong nodded, “Oh yea, The Wang family in Kyoto city hopes to reserve an elite fighter training camp spot next year. They’re willing to pay 50 billion Chinese dollars”

“Kyoto’s Wang family? Next year?” Yang Hui frowned, “The HR alliance and our Dojo of Limits are cooperating right now, so the HR alliance is guaranteed to receive some spots every year. What, isn’t that Wang family one of the nine great families of the HR alliance? Were they not able to get a spot for themselves?”

“If they got a spot, why would they try to go through the back door?” laughed Zhou Zheng Yong, “There are nine core families in the HR alliance, so it wouldn’t be weird for the Wang family to not get a spot. After all, in the underground conferences of the HR alliance, the western families have the advantage”

“This case is quite problematic” Yang Hui shook his head, “Usually, only an investigator can decide on this. 50 billion is a huge sum of money, but it’s hard to say whether or not that’s enough to move the investigator”

“You’re on quite good terms with investigator Liu, so the Wang family hopes to get that spot through you” laughed Zhou Zheng Yong.

“Wang family’s son in law is just like that, already selling out his old friends” Yang Hui couldn’t help but to shake his head, “Steel hand, for your sake, I’ll try talking with uncle Liu. You should know…… there are only so many spots for the elite training camp every year. All the countries and all the huge families are staring at them like wolves. It’s not an easy thing to go through the back door”

“Understood. After this case, the Wang family will remember this favor” said Zhou Zheng Yong.

Wang Quan.

The #1 family in all of China and also one of the core nine families of the HR alliance. However, these families are still quite a bit off from the gigantic beasts named the Dojo of Limits and the Thunder Dojo! Since the creators of the Dojo of Limits and the Thunder Dojo, ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’, are existences that even countries fear.

They are already invincible!

“Help me prepare a fighter jet so I can check out this Luo Feng in the wilderness. I’ll also let him take the B grade exam” said Yang Hui.

‘Alright, the fighter jet will be ready momentarily. However, even though this Luo Feng is pretty good, whether or not he can pass the B grade exam…..” Zhou Zheng Yong shook his head.

“Oh yea, contact Luo Feng first and confirm his current position” requested Yang Hui.

“No worries, do you even have to mention such small things?” Zhou Zheng Yong laughed loudly.



#023 city. The sky was dark and the cold winds were blowing.

Luo Feng was sitting cross legged in the Wu Xin Xiang Tian position as he practiced his genetic energy technique. The formless energy entered his body through the five passages. All of Luo Feng’s cells, which have long been starving, seemed to start cheering in joy as they ferociously gobbled up all the energy passing by them.

The cells quickly converted the energy into genetic energy.

As the cells absorbed the energy, the body slowly started to become stronger.

“Hu!”

Luo Feng let out a breath after he felt all the cells in his bones, muscles, etc. were filled up. He stood up and felt 100 times more energetic.

“Luo Feng, done training? Hurry up and come eat dinner” brother Chen’s voice carried over.

“Coming” Luo Feng smiled as he walked out.

The group of people in the living room swiftly sat together. Luo Feng was also mixed in there as the group of people merrily drank and ate their high energy candies, compressed bread, and a few meat pieces in their bags.

“There’s quite a bit of monster materials in our bags now. We should go back to the resupplying base in two days” said Gao Feng as he drank water, “Primarily thanks to Luo Feng, since he got us quite a bit of monster materials”

“If you compare us to crazy, we’re just old men” Wei Tie purposefully sighed.

Chen Gu couldn’t help but to shake his head: “I’ve been meddling in the wilderness for a few dozen years already. It seems like I can’t become any stronger anymore. After a period of time, Luo Feng’s strength would probably need require him to join a new, stronger fighter squad. I’m also preparing to retire when that happens”

“Us brothers are also preparing to retire in a year or two” Wei Tie and Wei Qing also nodded.

Suddenly, the mood became a bit sad.

“Retiring is a great thing!” laughed Gao Feng, “When that happens, maybe I’ll be able to join the same fighter squad as Luo Feng. Or maybe, they wouldn’t even want me and I’ll have no choice but to join another fighter squad. All of this is hard to say….. but no matter what, I still want to keep at it for another 10 years and see if I, Gao Feng, can become a wargod!”

Luo Feng was right about to speak, but suddenlyһһ the watches of the five members of the fire hammer squad all vibrated.

They lowered their heads and saw a GPS system appear on the watch. On the map was a flashing, red dot.

“Emergency SOS signal?” The five members of the fire hammer squad exchanged glances, “Only around 1,500 meters away from us?”

“Hurry! GO!” The five members of the fire hammer squad quickly packed their bags and weapons and then swiftly rushed out.


Chapter 106: Emergency Rescue

In #023 city stood various delicately constructed buildings. However, these buildings were already quite ruined. The cold wind blew, carrying the howls of monsters in it. The five members of the fire hammer squad swiftly moved forward.

Actually, with Luo Feng’s spiritual force, his body fitness level of ‘beginner level warlord’ jumps up to ‘advanced level warlord’ which allows him to battle against a beginner level wargod! In other words, you can treat Luo Feng as a wargod now! With Luo Feng there, as long as they are a bit careful, there’s virtually no danger! Since horde leaders are rare and anything below the horde leader level instantly gives up their lives the instant they encounter Luo Feng! Even if they run into a ‘rat tide’ or an ‘ant tide’, Luo Feng can fly, which guarantees his safety!

“Look, right ahead” Luo Feng and the others were bent over on the black roof of a two story hotel as they looked towards the street in front of them which was big enough to hold four cars side by side.

On the street was a huge horde comprised of ocelot monsters. All of them were howling as they chased a fighter squad. These ocelot monsters had several two tailed ocelots and even a three tailed one.

“There’s even a four tailed ocelot in the back!” said Gao Feng softly.

A two tailed ocelot is a low level commander. A three tailed ocelot is a medium level commander. A four tailed ocelot is a high level commander! A high level commander, for the usual fighter squad, is an absolute nightmare.

And ocelots have the power and cruelty of tiger type monsters and the swiftness and agility of cat type monsters. They are quite difficult to get rid of.

“This isn’t too hard” Luo Feng slightly squinted.

“They’re brothers from the Dojo of Limits, we gotta help them” said Gao Feng seriously. Whenever you encounter danger in the wilderness, you can send out an emergency SOS signal, which would indiscriminately send out signals to every fighter in the vicinity. If they’re from the same Dojo, the signal would be red. If they’re from different Dojos, the signal would be green!

Each tactical communications watch is connected to the person’s fighter ID card, so the watch can automatically differentiate whether or not they’re in the same Dojo.

“Captain, you guys go help, I’ll cut the back” said Luo Feng softly.

“Crazy is best at fighting in a horde” Wei Qing gave a huge thumbs up. Indeed, Luo Feng, who has amazing technique, performs extremely well in chaotic battles.

Gao Feng softly said: “Go!”

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The group of people immediately started sprinting. Gao Feng, Wei Tie, Wei Qing, and Chen Gu immediately charged towards the escaping fighter squad, while Luo Feng started slaughtering in the middle of the street behind them! For a wargod, a monster horde holds absolutely no threat at all, unless it’s a horde made out of tiny monsters like the rat tide or ant tide.

Of course, if Luo Feng doesn’t use his throwing knives, this monster horde is still quite challenging.

“Pu!”

“Puchi!”

Fresh blood flew everywhere and the heads of the ocelot monsters flew up one by one. The huge bodies instantly crumbled to the ground, clogging up the street. These ocelot monsters were mostly soldier level. Only some of them were two tailed ocelots, while even fewer were three tailed ocelots. And there was only one four tailed ocelot!

Like a butterfly, Luo Feng easily floated through the monster horde.

The charge of the monsters was horrifying. Once you get hit by one, it’ll be easy for the countless monsters to trample you to death! However, Luo Feng’s technique was superb as he used the corpses of other monsters and even some of the sprinting ocelot monsters to block the other monsters. This also allowed him to deal with fewer monsters at a time.



“Hm? The phone call isn’t going through? No one’s picking up or replying”

In Jiang-Nan headquarter city, on the top of the Dojo of Limits headquarters, chairman Zhou Zheng Yong was looking at his phone with a confused look. Wargod Yang Hui shook his head on the side: “You can’t even deal with something like this, steel hand, I have to treat you with scorn for a bit”. As he said that, wargod Yang Hui also dialed Luo Feng’s tactical communications watch’s number, “Hm, it already displayed his position: #023 city”

Using the signal of the phone, it’s easy to determine the location. Even normal cell phones have this function. “I’ll just go over there directly” Wargod Yang Hui waved his hand and directly entered a dark blue jet fighter. After he closed the hatch, the jet fighter quickly soared through the air and flew out the city’s defense system as it headed southeast.



In #023 city, the emergency SOS signal broadcasted to the surrounding 20 km. Actually, when fighters in the wilderness encounter danger, fighters won’t come help them if they’re too far away! This emergency SOS signal, which was originally set to a radius of 23 km, was broadcasting to quite a large area.

“Hm? It’s a green emergency SOS signal, so it’s not people of our Thunder Dojo” four fighters were currently sitting in the sixth floor of an old, shattered hotel. “It’s probably people from the Dojo of Limits. Brothers, should we go?” said a brute with a scar on his face as he looked towards the others.

A bald, handsome young man lowered his head and said: “We can’t make this distance, so let’s go take a look. If we can help, then we will. If it’s too dangerous, then nevermind”.

“Let’s do what Guo said, go”

“Alright, let’s go”

This North River squad, which was quite famous in Jiang-Nan headquarter city, instantly made their decision and immediately, yet carefully, went out. This North River squad had one advanced level warlord and three intermediate level warlords. However, one of the intermediate level warlords, Guo Hai, was nearing the advanced level warlord level. A fighter squad like this was indeed powerful.

However, they were quite slow in the wilderness city. They didn’t dare to sprint, since they were afraid of a monster lying in ambush ahead.

“Right ahead us”

“Hmhm, ocelot monster horde. Damn, bet there’s around a thousand of them” the North River squad squatted on the roof of a store and looked towards the street.

“Look over there, what a powerful guy. Just him alone attracted over half of the monsters”

“Where’d that ferocious dude come from?”

The members of the North River squad were all surprised. Even the bald young man, ‘Guo Hai’, widened his eyes as he looked carefully. All that was seen was a young fighter who had a hexagonal shield in one hand and a ghost blade in the other. As if a ghost, he kept dodging around with amazingly fast, yet extremely precise technique.

“HOWL~~”

“HOWL~~” The enraged monster horde crazily charged towards Luo Feng. Their claws waved like crazy and there were even a huge amount of monsters that leaped towards him. It seemed as if a wave was about to swallow up Luo Feng! However, no matter how crazily the monster horde attacked…

Luo Feng’s technique was already ‘artistic’, as each of his steps were extremely precise. It was a pleasure to watch him sidestep and dodge. The monster horde that was seemingly crazy and enraged, was like a joke in front of Luo Feng’s steps.

“Ru Wei class!”

“This is definitely the Ru Wei class technique”

The fighters of the North River squad couldn’t help but to say out of surprise.

“Luo Feng? It’s actually him?” frowned Guo Hai.

Of course he recognized Luo Feng. When wargod Lu Gang died and the memorial started, he was chatting about Luo Feng with the Xu family’s Xu Gang while Luo Feng was chatting with Xu Xin near him. From a certain perspective….. Guo Hai and Luo Feng were rivals in love! Guo Hai liked Xu Xin, and so did Luo Feng.

“Stop watching, let’s go already”

“Go!” the four members of the North River squad rushed out.

“This Luo Feng just barely became a fighter. Could it be that he’s actually catching up to me?” Guo Hai’s heart was filled with a fierce feeling of unsatisfaction. Guys, especially in front of their crush, don’t easily accept defeat. Furthermore, he, Guo Hai, is a genius fighter that is approaching the advanced level warlord level. If you don’t count in the spiritual force then, indeed, he isn’t inferior to Luo Feng.

Luo Feng, like a rock, clogged up the street where the monster horde was sprinting. A huge amount of monster corpses surrounded the area! Whether they charged or leaped towards Luo Feng, there were monsters surrounding Luo Feng in absolutely every direction. However, he was hanging on in this kind of situation.

“This is a way of using the environment to assist my technique” Luo Feng dodged while attacking and was excited inside, “Using the environment and every object, whether the corpses of monsters or the bodies of the monsters that are attacking me, or even a rock….. merge myself with the environment. This is the perfect level” Luo Feng has been thinking about the ‘perfect level’ technique for this period of time.

He understood the reasoning behind it but, when he actually has to do it, he can’t maintain the state for a long time.

“HOWL~~”

With a howl that flew up to the skies, the entire ocelot horde retreated with their leader like a receding ocean. They quickly left. Even though the ocelots were enraged and filled with hatred when they left, the ocelot leader was clear: even if the entire horde was sacrificed, they wouldn’t be able to eradicate this human fighter.

“You must be the famous crazy from our Jiang-Nan headquarter city. Now that I saw it for myself, you are indeed powerful. I am the captain of the North River squad, Kang Wei” the man with a scar on his face passionately walked over.

Luo Feng smiled as he walked over. A sound then rang at this time: “Luo Feng!”

A bald young man whose battle uniform had some marks of blood on it walked over and stared at Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, I’m Guo Hai….. you should’ve heard my name before”

“Guo Hai?” Luo Feng looked at the young man in front of him, “You’re the one who became an intermediate level warlord at the age of 21?”. Of course Luo Feng remembers this name. When Xu Gang was ridiculing him back then, he mentioned two peopleһһһthe genius fighter ‘Guo Hai’ and the ‘Wang Xing Ping’ from the Wang family. They count as his rivals in love. “That’s me” a smile appeared on Guo Hai’s face, “You probably heard from Xu Gang”

“Hm?” Luo Feng frowned.

“We’ll compete on equal terms for Xu Xin!” Guo Hai’s eyes were flashing, “Luo Feng, I admit your technique is superb. You’re not the kind of person who only just barely stepped into the Ru Wei class and makes mistakes every so often. Your Ru Wei class technique is almost perfect. In terms of technique, I’m inferior to you. At least for this point, I’ll praise you”

By this time, the fire hammer squad members and the fighter squad of the Dojo of Limits that was saved by them came over.

“The thunder Dojo’s genius fighter Guo Hai?”

Of course Gao Feng, Chen Gu, and the others knew about Guo Hai. Guo Hai was extremely famous! He was also scouted for the Thunder Dojo back then.

“However, Luo Feng, by the end of this year, I should be able to become an advanced level warlord!” Guo Hai slightly smiled, “I think a 22 year old advanced level warlord is enough for the Xu family to give their daughter’s hand in marriage to me”. Guo Hai was a very calm person. When he first heard of Luo Feng, Guo Hai didn’t even give a second thought about him at all.

However, he felt a threat when he saw Luo Feng’s performance today, which was why he said all of that!

“Even if the Xu family is willing, Xu Xin has to agree as well” frowned Luo Feng. Because of Xu Xin’s identity, many people are sure to chase after Xu Xin. Who knew that he would actually meet a rival in love today.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked towards the far away sky and saw a dark blue light flash through the sky. After that, it stopped above them. This beautiful, dark blue colored UFO-shaped fighter jet then started to descend and actually stopped on a street around a dozen meters away from Luo Feng and the others.


Chapter 107: B Grade Exam?

The sky wasn’t dark; the streets were flowing with the fresh blood of monsters. The fighter jet that descended through the cold air attracted the gaze of all the fighters present. The last time Luo Feng saw such a fighter jet was during the rat tide incident.

“What’s a fighter jet doing here, and even stopping right in front of us. Who are they looking for?” Luo Feng was full of suspicion.

The other fighters on the side started quietly discussing.

“A fighter jet?”

“Is this fighter jet from the military or a wargod’s personal aircraft?”

The members of the fire hammer squad, the north river squad, and the rescued ‘Arctic Fox’ squad all looked towards the fighter jet with suspicion. Normally, fighters would rarely even see a fighter jet flying by in the air over the course of a year in the wilderness. And don’t even mention a fighter jet stopping right in front of them.

“HUA!”

The hatch of the aircraft opened.

Luo Feng looked carefully and saw two shadows jump off one by one. The two of them were wearing black battle uniforms. One walked in front of the other as they came over, and the one behind was one of Jiang-Nan city’s big four: Zhu Ge Tao! Zhu Ge Tao was even smiling towards Luo Feng.

“Chief Zhu Ge Tao”

“Chief”

Luo Feng, Gao Feng, the other fire hammer squad members, and the rescued arctic fox squad members all yelled respectfully. The north river squad said nothing on the side, since they were from the Thunder Dojo.

However, the members of the fire hammer squad, the arctic fox squad, and the north river squad were all confused. One of the great big four of Jiang-Nan headquarter city was walking behind this middle aged man like an assistant?

Who is this middle aged man?

“Luo Feng, Gao Feng, and Tao Ke, let me introduce to you guys” smiled Zhu Ge Tao as he stood next to the middle aged man, “This is envoy Mr. Yang who arrived from the Dojo of Limits world headquarters. Mr. Yang is a wargod level fighter”

The members of the fire hammer squad and the arctic fox squad were all stunned.

“Mr. Yang” the people all yelled respectfully.

“Yea”

The wargod Mr. Yang just nodded and didn’t say anything more to the fighters. His gaze scanned across the group and quickly landed on Luo Feng! This scene instantly confused the other fighters. Why is this envoy from the Dojo of Limits world headquarters staring at Luo Feng?

Of course, Yang Hui has seen Luo Feng’s photos before.

“Luo Feng” spoke Yang Hui.

“Mr. Yang” responded Luo Feng, his heart full of confusion.

Zhu Ge Tao smiled on the side as he looked at Luo Feng: “Luo Feng, Mr. Yang rushed to Jiang-Nan city from the Dojo of Limits world headquarters mainly for you. Mr. Yang worked quite a bit for you, so you have to thank him deeply”

Indeed, even though Mr. Yang has the common sickness called ‘arrogance’ that all wargods have… he still cares about his talented juniors. If Yang Hui didn’t apply for Luo Feng to enter the ‘elite training camp’, Luo Feng wouldn’t even have the chance to take the exam.

“No need for thanks, Luo Feng’s own hard work earned him this chance” Yang Hui slightly smiled.

Luo Feng was still full of confusion.

What is this Yang Hui and Zhu Ge Tao talking about? How come he has no idea what’s going on?

“Luo Feng, come, get on the fighter jet” persuaded Zhu Ge Tao, and right after, commanded the fire hammer squad members, “Gao Feng, you fire hammer squad members temporarily halt your actions in the wilderness and return to the headquarter city. From today on, Luo Feng won’t be in your fire hammer squad anymore, so you guys have to make the necessary preparations”.

“What?”

Luo Feng and the other fire hammer squad members were all flabbergasted.

“Chief, what is going on?” asked Luo Feng.

“I’ll tell you when we return to the headquarter city” Zhu Ge Tao scanned the area. Even though he doesn’t have to keep this a secret, he still doesn’t want to talk about this in front of so many people.

With the gaze of many sending them off, Luo Feng got on the fighter jet with Zhu Ge Tao and envoy Yang Hui. The fighter jet quickly ascended and turned into a dark blue light which directly disappeared into the horizon.

Gao Feng, Chen Gu, Wei Tie, and Wei Qing all had complicated looks on their faces.

They could tell.

The fire hammer squad was going to be disbanded!

It was clear when Zhu Ge Tao said the phrase, “Luo Feng won’t be in your fire hammer squad anymore”. And today, a wargod and a chief of the Dojo of Limits personally came to pick up Luo Feng. Something big is probably going to happen!

“Luo Feng is probably going to the Dojo of Limits world headquarters and undergo special training” said the captain of the arctic fox squad, Tao Ke.

“Most likely”

“Indeed, Luo Feng’s strength earns him that special right”

“Don’t spout nonsense. Special training in the world headquarters isn’t big enough for a wargod and a chief to personally rush to the wilderness. In our Thunder Dojo, two or three people in the entire headquarter city have the right to undergo special training, as long as a chief applies for it and an envoy comes to test them. Why would an envoy wargod come all the way to the wilderness?” the captain of the north river squad, Kang Wei, shook his head, “Unless… it’s the legendary wargod preparation camp!”

“Wargod preparation camp?”

Guo Hai took in a deep breath and his face changed dramatically. The legendary #1 camp in the entire world. It’s real name is the ‘elite training camp’ but is called the ‘wargod preparation camp’ by fighters because every fighter that enters the camp has a 90% chance of becoming a wargod! The other 10% is for those who become handicapped or die in the camp.

“This Luo Feng, entered the wargod preparation camp?” Guo Hai couldn’t help but to clench his fists.

A complex feeling would naturally appear because of a rival in love.

“In all of Jiang-Nan headquarter city, only one person enters the wargod preparation camp every few years. And he entered? Impossible” Guo Hai’s face had an extremely unpleasant look on it.



Whoosh!

The dark blue UFO-shaped fighter jet formed a light and quickly arrived at the skies above Jiang-nan headquarter city. It then started to slowly descend.

“Luo Feng, we have arrived at the headquarter city. Get off the jet immediately” said Zhu Ge Tao.

“So fast” Luo Feng looked at this fighter jet.

A few statistics of the fighter jets aren’t made public. Using what he witnessed when the fighter jet flew over to the wilderness, just the naked eye was enough to tell him that this fighter jet was moving at a few times faster than the speed of sound! Over 1,000 meters in a second is definitely reasonable. Adding to that, the fighter jet was following the path of a straight line.

It took mere seconds for the fighter jet to arrive at the headquarter city from #023 city.

The hatch opened automatically and Zhu Ge Tao, Luo Feng, and Yang Hui jumped off the jet. The fighter jet landed on the roof of the Dojo of Limits headquarters.

The Dojo of Limits headquarters building. The main layer was an extremely gigantic training hall. The entire training hall was silverish white, and a man in a white dojo uniform was sitting cross legged in the center.

“Ding!”

The elevator door opened and Luo Feng followed Zhu Ge Tao and Yang Hui as he entered this gigantic training hall. When he first entered, Luo Feng’s gaze was attracted by the man in the white dojo uniform. He could feel that an energy invisible to the naked eye was currently pulsing around the man in the white dojo uniform.

“His hands are quite large” Luo Feng realized with a glance that the man’s hands were almost like fans: his one hand was comparable to the size of a normal person’s two hands combined.

“Arrived?”

The man in the white dojo uniform stood up and smiled as he looked at Luo Feng, “You must be Luo Feng. Oh, old Yang, are you preparing to let Luo Feng take the exam in my Jiang-Nan headquarter city?”. Yang Hui slightly hesitated. The man in the white dojo uniform continued: “After you went to search for Luo Feng, I’ve thought about it carefully. Applying for the test in a headquarter city is quite troublesome. Whether Luo Feng passes or fails, he’ll be going to the world headquarters anyway. If so, then he might as well go to the headquarters to take the test; that would be much more simple”

“You’re right” laughed Yang Hui, “Indeed, if Luo Feng passes, he’ll enter the ‘elite training camp’. If he fails, he’ll enter the ‘basics training camp’”

No matter what, there’s absolutely no problem for Luo Feng to pass for the basics training camp.

Luo Feng listened to the two with confusion. What exactly is this test that they have been mentioning?

“Luo Feng, this is the chairman of our Jiang-Nan city Dojo of Limits headquarters” said Zhu Ge Tao softly. Luo Feng realized: it was him!

Zhou Zheng Yong, wargod level fighter. The man nicknamed ‘steel hand’, the chairman of the Jiang-Nan city Dojo of Limits headquarters.

Zhou Zheng Yong and Yang Hui talked for a bit before looking at Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng, our Dojo of Limits world headquarters has two big camps: the basics training camp and the elite training camp. You know about this right?” said Yang Hui.

“Not clearly” Luo Feng shook his head.

Zhou Zheng Yong laughed loudly on the side: “You must have heard of the special training before”

Luo Feng nodded. The Thunder Dojo used this special training contract to attract him.

“The basics training camp accepts geniuses from all over the world and supplies them with the best resources!”

“The elite training camp is the #1 training camp on earth. It accepts the geniuses of geniuses, demon-like students” Zhou Zheng Yong looked at Luo Feng, “Similarly, the elite training camp has an astonishing amount of resources, and your teachers will be wargods at least! There are “examiners” and even those who have surpassed the wargod level, “investigators”, too! Even the world’s strongest fighter, “Hong”, goes to the camp. The second strongest fighter, “Thunder God”, is invited there too!”

Luo Feng froze.

The elite training camp? Accepts demons only? Their teachers are at least wargod level? Even Hong and Thunder God go there?

“Not only do you have the best teachers, but you even have the world’s most advanced technology supplied to you in the elite training camp. Some of them were even treasures excavated from archaeological ruins. You will receive the most perfect training!” Zhou Zheng Yong stared at Luo Feng and tried to hide his excitement as he spoke.

Yang Hui sighed on the side: “The world’s most genius students, best teachers, and best equipment gathered. The elite training camp which is #1 in every aspect! As long as you don’t die, you’ll become a wargod!”

Luo Feng blinked twice.

“Of course, each spot in the elite training camp is priceless! Even huge families rarely get a spot even after spending tens of billions!” Yang Hui looked at Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, you have a chance to enter the world’s best training camp. The only requirement is that you must pass the B grade exam!”


Chapter 108: Grasp the Chance

Luo Feng held his breath in.

A huge family that uses its various connections and tens of billions can’t even secure a spot? And there are archaeological treasures used for equipment?

“Archaeological ruins, there are really archaeological ruins?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to ask.

“Of course” smiled Yang Hui, “There’s more than just a single archaeological site. Most regular civilians don’t know this, and many fighters don’t know this either. Only an extremely small number of core people and elite existences know these secrets” Yang Hui has long determined that Luo Feng will become a wargod.

So of course, he didn’t hide any of this.

“Mr. Yang Hui, chairman, this #1 training camp can rapidly increase people’s strength?” continued Luo Feng.

“Without a doubt!”

Chairman Zhou Zheng Yong was filled with confidence, “Your body fitness level, technique, blade technique, battle experience, etc. are all irrelevant! Your rate of improvement in the camp will be who knows how many times faster than your own bitter training! Keep in mind that the best equipment and setup is there. The equipment there, especially the ones from the archaeological ruins, are extremely beneficial to a fighter’s growth”

“Who knows how many times faster?” Luo Feng started thinking to himself.

His current body fitness level growth rate was quite fast already.

If he entered this #1 training camp on earth and had the assistance of the best possible equipment, he’ll probably become an advanced level wargod fighter much faster.

“If I stay in Jiang-Nan headquarter city, I still have to be careful of the Vulture Scorpion couple’s investigation. Rather than being on my toes all day, why not go to the “world’s best training camp”. Since it’s a core area of the Dojo of Limits headquarters, Vulture and Scorpion won’t be able to find it” Luo Feng instantly made his decision.

Figure out a way to enter the world’s best training camp! That’s where all the geniuses of earth are gathered. Competing with all these geniuses is indeed a very entertaining thing.

“Any more questions?” Yang Hui and Zhou Zheng Yong looked at Luo Feng.

“When can I return after entering this training camp?” asked Luo Feng.

“The elite training camp lasts for five years! In these five years, the only times you get to go home is during January and February” Yang Hui continued to answer, “Of course, if you become a wargod level fighter within these five years, you can graduate early”

Luo Feng slightly nodded.

Become a wargod and graduate! If you can’t become a wargod, then you can stay for at most five years.

“However, even if many students” laughed Zhou Zheng Yong on the side, “reach the wargod level, they won’t prove their true strength by hunting and bringing back a horde leader level monster back to the training camp. They’ll use the identity of ‘advanced level warlord’ and continue to stay at the camp until their five years are up”

Their level is determined by their battle record! Even if some students are wargods, if they won’t hunt any horde leader level monsters, they’ll never be recognized as wargods! This way, they can stay until their five years are up.

“Luo Feng, even wargods dream about entering the elite training camp. So even if you become a wargod, you should continue to stay there” reminded Yang Hui, and then laughed, “Of course, if you do actually get in, you’ll find out how great it is for yourself”

Luo Feng nodded and was awed….. looks like this elite training camp is quite attractive.

“Yang Hui, what is the B grade exam?” Luo Feng continued to ask.

“Your test”

Yang Hui seriously spoke, “The B grade exam….. is extremely difficult! You have quite a lot of control over your body since you’ve already reached the third stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade. However, your chances of passing the B grade exam….. ” when he said that, Yang Hui shook his head. Clearly, he didn’t have much confidence in Luo Feng.

“Actually, you only have to take the A grade exam under normal conditions. However, the Chinese army received a spot after negotiating in the headquarters, so if you want to get in, you have to pass the B grade exam” Yang Hui didn’t hide anything, “Of course, you still have hope of passing the B grade exam. If you don’t give up, there’s hope”

“Okay” Luo Feng was full of confidence.

If worse comes to worse, he’ll just use his spiritual force to boost his capabilities.

He’s sure that there’ll be no problem in passing this B grade exam!

“Any more questions?” smiled Yang Hui.

“No” Luo Feng shook his head.

“Are you willing to take the B grade exam to enter the elite training camp? If you fail, you can still enter the basics training camp!” Yang Hui looked at Luo Feng.

“I am willing” nodded Luo Feng.

Yang Hui slightly nodded and pointed towards the fist strength testing machine: “Go throw a punch for me”. This was just a simple check. With Yang Hui and Zhou Zheng Yong watching, they can see what stage he has reached in the Nine Stage Thunder Blade based on how many times the strength of his punch changes when he throws it. They can also look at the value on the machine’s display.

With just pure strength, 1,800 kg.

With everything he had, 10,000 kg.

He passed.

Yang Hui didn’t even need to test Luo Feng’s speed and reaction speed, since he was just testing what stage Luo Feng reached in the Nine Stage Thunder Blade.



Luo Feng sat on the sofa and looked at the contract in his hands.

This was a special training contract.

“The Dojo of Limits indeed has few restrictions on fighters” Luo Feng had no complaints about the contract and signed four of them in one go.

“Out of these four contracts, one of them belongs to you. The other three will go through our headquarters” smiled Yang Hui as he took out a black wooden box. This black wooden box had a stamp, which was the stamp of the envoy. Yang Hui’s personal signature had no effect; only the stamp did.

PA! The stamp pressed onto the contracts.

“Don’t lose this” Yang Hui handed one of the contracts to Luo Feng.

“Zhu Ge, tell Ya Xia to come here for a bit” commanded Yang Hui.

“Yes”

Zhu Ge Tong immediately rode the elevator down. In mere moments, the elevator doors opened again. Zhu Ge Tao brought a teenager wearing a dojo uniform. This teenager’s head was a bit yellow. He was quite handsome, entirely comparable to a celebrity in the entertainment industry.

“Luo Feng, this guy is Ya Xia, one of the young fighters that our Dojo of Limits has decided to send to the basics training camp this year. He’s also a little genius” smiled Yang Hui.

Luo Feng walked over and smiled as he stretched out his hand: “Luo Feng”.

“Ya Xia” this handsome teenager also stretched out his hand and lightly shook Luo Feng’s hand.

“Ya Xia, this is your senior. He’ll also go with you to the Dojo of Limits world headquarters. Your senior is aiming for the elite training camp!” as Yang Hui said that, the originally expressionless handsome teenager, Ya Xia, suddenly became shocked. Of course, as a genius about to enter the basics training camp, he also knew about the elite training camp.

Those who can enter the basics training camp, are geniuses.

Those who can enter the elite training camp, are geniuses of geniusesһһdemons!

“Senior Luo Feng, let me introduce myself. Ya Xia, a freshman in Jiang-Nan university” Ya Xia’s attitude clearly changed. Geniuses only feel pressured when they meet someone who’s even better than them.

“Jiang-Nan university, the best university in Jiang-Nan city?” Luo Feng smiled as he praised, “You’re really impressive. Your senior is just someone who failed the high school exams”

“Don’t make fun of me….. how many students are accepted all year throughout the country in Jiang-Nan university? Furthermore, there are two to three more universities that are better than Jiang-Nan city throughout the country. And in all of China, only one person can enter the ‘world’s best training camp’ upfront each year!” said Ya Xia.

Ya Xia, in front of Luo Feng, wasn’t prideful at all.

Indeedһһ the elite training camp only accepts the geniuses of geniuses throughout all the armies, huge families, and fighters. How many are accepted every year? It’ll be amazing if more than 10 are accepted! “Luo Feng, Ya Xia” smiled Yang Hui, “You guys leave with me to the Dojo of Limits world headquarters on the same day! You two must meet up with me at the airport before 2 PM on March 22nd!”

“Yes”

“Yes”

Luo Feng and Ya Xia both responded.

“Alright, both of you go back and meet up with your families. In the future, you’ll only be able to return during new years” said Yang Hui.

Luo Feng and Ya Xia both got on the elevator and left.



The sky was dark, and in one of Jiang-Nan city’s eight cities, Yang Zhou city, tens of thousands of homes were shining bright.

One of the Dojo of Limits’ private cars slowly moved along on the street. Luo Feng looked through the window and saw residential building after residential building, store after store: “Yang Zhou. I’ve been here for so many years. Soon, I’ll be leaving. Leaving China to the Dojo of Limits world headquarters!”

“Five years? Such a long time! I can keep in touch with dad, mom, and my brother through video chat”

“I also need to pay attention to the elixir of life my brother needs and see when it becomes available”

“Also….. Wen. Before I leave, I need to go see Wen”. Wen was the one who played with him ever since they were little tiny kids. Their relationship is comparable to Luo Feng and Luo Hua’s. Ever since Luo Feng became a fighter, Wen had to go to college, so they only met a few times during New Years.

“Also the brothers from the fire hammer squad! Even though we weren’t together for a long time, we’ve been through quite a bit together”

Suddenlyһһ a person appeared in Luo Feng’s mind…..

Xu Xin! What’s he going to do with Xu Xin?

“Xu Xin. I’ll be leaving China to the Dojo of Limits world headquarters, what’ll I do with Xu Xin?” Luo Feng’s feelings were complicated. As he looked at the various bright homes, his feelings were jumping around. A sweet and sour feeling came up. After taking a deep breath, Luo Feng shook his head, “What’s the point of thinking about this. I’ll just video chat with her often. When I have enough power and authorityһһnobody can stop my relationship with Xu Xin”

“Oh yea, Xu Xin is at Jiang-Nan university”

“Hm, that Ya Xia is there too” Luo Feng had a good impression of the genius fighter, Ya Xia, who was about to leave his home and live outside the country for a long period of time.

“Wen is at Jiang-Nan’s #2 military school and Xu Xin is at Jiang-Nan university! They’re all in school, so I’ll go find Wen and then meet Xu Xin for our final goodbyes”

“Beep!”

With the sound, the car entered Ming-Yue sector. He’s home!


Chapter 109: Brother

Since he’s leaving China and headed towards the Dojo of Limits world headquarters at the end of the month, Luo Feng stayed at home with his family for nearly every single day since he got back. Even though father Luo Hong Guo, mother Gong Xin Lan, and brother Luo Hua were sad, they didn’t want to change Luo Feng’s great future.

On March 12th, Luo Feng gathered with his fire hammer squad members. The first thing they did was sell off the monster materials they got from before. Since this is the last time the fire hammer squad was going to sell their materials, Luo Feng suggested that everyone receive an equal share. The materials sold for around 800 million.

Technically, Luo Feng did the most work, so he should’ve received the most. He would’ve received around 300 million.

However, everyone knew that Luo Feng was about to leave the fire hammer squad. And the older members Chen Gu, Wei Tie, and Wei Qing were about to retire, so the fire hammer squad was going to be disbanded! Luo Feng stayed in this squad for nearly a year, while Gao Feng, Chen Gu, and the others stayed in the squad for a much longer time.

Everyone’s feelings were complicated.

Gao Feng immediately accepted Luo Feng’s suggestion that they split the profits equally. Even though Luo Feng and Gao Feng were supposed to receive most of it, they both agreed. Seeing this, Chen Gu, Wei Tie, and Wei Qing didn’t say anything more, and everyone received a bit more than 100 million.

After that, the fire hammer squad drank that night all the way until 3 to 4 AM. They rode the train home on the second day’s afternoon.

With this, the fire hammer squad was officially disbanded! Chen Gu, Wei Tie, and Wei Qing were going to retire, Luo Feng was headed towards the world headquarters, and Gao Feng would continue to fight in another squad!



March 21st, the sun was shining and the weather was great.

Jiang-Nan headquarter city, main city sector’s university area. This university area was gigantic and the eight research institutes of Jiang-nan city were all gathered here.

In front of one of the colleges, the attractive characters ‘Jiang-Nan #2 military school” were shining on the main gate. At this time, quite a few male and female students were quickly coming out of the school’s gate. Some of them came out in couples, while others came out in huge groups.

There was one teenager, wearing a simple dark blue T-shirt, who was leaning against the bars of the gate as he watched the students leaving.

“Oi, Luo Feng!” a bright sound carried from far away.

Luo Feng turned his head towards the origin of the sound and saw a skinny teenager running on the road. This person who seemed gentle was indeed his good brother ‘Wei Wen’ that played with him ever since they were kids.

“Wen” Luo Feng smiled as he ran over, “I was even waiting for you in front of the gate, why’d you appear here”

“I finished my culture lessons this afternoon so I went back to my dorm. Our dorm is quite far from the school” explained Wei Wen.

“Oh, the school area is separated from the dorm? This sure opens the eyes of this person who never went to college” laughed Luo Feng in a weird matter.

“The fuck, you’re a fighter and you’re still making fun of me” laughed Wei Wen and couldn’t help but to punch Luo Feng in the chest, “We just entered Spring, so it’s still a bit chilly. Aren’t you cold just wearing a T-shirt? Hehe….. just what you’d expect from a fighter!”. Wei Wen was clearly wearing much more than Luo Feng.

Luo Feng looked around: “Let’s go find a place to sit”

“Haha, I’ve finally encountered a huge, fat sheep, so I need to cruelly slaughter it. I want to go to….. ‘Venetian’” followed Wei Wen.

“Alright, just lead the way to that Venetian or whatever” laughed Luo Feng. Since he’s usually in the wilderness, he’s always a bit cautious when dealing with the other fighters in the resupplying base. When hanging out with Wei Wen, Luo Feng felt relaxed like he was back in middle and high school.

Venetian, a restaurant with average prices. The meal they ate costed around 300 to 400 dollars.

However, for students with no source of income, this was quite extravagant spending already. For fighters, this was extremely, extremely common.

“Sirs, how many?” the waitress passionately received.

“Two” Luo Feng looked around, “Find a quiet place”

This waitress works here every day and has seen all sorts of people. With just a glance, she could tell that Luo Feng was different from the other students around him. That sharp gaze was enough to make her heart skip a beat, so she naturally lowered her head and said: “There’s a private room upstairs, please follow me”

“Hehe, a private room. I haven’t been there yet. I’ve only been here with my girlfriend a few times, and that’s in the lobby on the first floor” Wei Wen and Luo Feng went up the stairs.

“Girlfriend? I didn’t hear you say anything about that over New Years. How long has this been” Luo Feng asked as the two of them entered the private room upstairs and swiftly ordered some dishes and a box of beer from the menu. Wei Wen put the menu down as he laughed, “Over New Years, my relationship with my girlfriend wasn’t entirely set. It was only set right when we started school again after New Years!”

“Congrats, congrats” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to laugh, “Hasn’t even been a year since you entered school and you’ve already picked up a girlfriend, NICE!”

“I was just lucky, my girlfriend is from the neighboring Shifan university” Wei Wen popped the beer bottle’s cap, “You also know that there are more guys than girls in our school. The amount of girls is so small it’s scary”

“So that’s why you went to search in another school?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to laugh.

“Alright, let’s do this first” Wei Wen held his bottle of beer.

Luo Feng also held his bottle of beer and drank two gulps.

“Luo Feng, this girlfriend business isn’t easy” Wei Wen couldn’t help but to say after drinking quite a bit of beer; his skin was already red. He shook his head as he sighed, “Now everyone’s just competing. People compare how beautiful their girlfriends are, and this is even the small stuff! The most important thing is…… atmosphere!”

“Atmosphere?” asked Luo Feng in a confused tone.

“For example, if I don’t bring my girlfriend to a nice place when we eat…. My girlfriend’s temper is good, so she doesn’t say anything. But…… her female friends will start talking about that” Wei Wen shook his head, “You don’t know that the shit that goes on between the girls is way more dramatic than us guys!”

“Her boyfriend is some rich kid, her boyfriend is some elite member of the Dojo, her boyfriend is this and that, they always compare everything!”

“For the sake of my girlfriend’s appearance, I have to bring her to a nice place” Wei Wen couldn’t help but to shake his head.

Luo Feng froze.

He has never went to college, so Luo Feng really doesn’t understand all of this. However, in high school, some girls were already doing this.

“You know that eating outside is expensive, and I occasionally have to buy my girlfriend gifts. It’s only been a month and I’ve spent 4,000 already” Wei Wen drank the rest of his beer in one gulp and his eyes were a bit red, “And sometimes, I have to pay for the whole bill when I eat with her”

Luo Feng slightly frowned.

“My girlfriend and I are both normal people. Our rent is quite expensive already! Even though I’m a tutor now, but I’m not an elite member of the dojo. Tutors don’t earn much money” Wei Wen shook his head, “I pretty much understand now. People live just for their appearances!”

Luo Feng sighed inside.

Wei Wen’s family was a bit better off than his family was back then. When they were in middle and high school, Wei Wen had to lend him money.

“In just this one month, I’m already broke”

“It all comes down to this one wordһһstatus!”

“This is a dog eat dog world. If your family is rich, there’ll always be people following you and girls will be flying to your arms! And people with strength, ‘fighters’, are also respected! Some people are always trying to hang out with others with a big enough background, hoping that the latter will help them out!”

“Money, authority, strength”

“People with those have status”

“People with a nice background have authority and status”

“Fighters, naturally have status too”

Wei Wen popped open another bottle of beer, “So, this world is simple. People respect those with high status and look down on those with low status”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to nod.

Luo Feng has always thought that Wei Wen was smart. Even though these words were a bit rough, but they clearly explain what this society was like.

“If a rich person runs out of money, it’s over for him”

“If someone with a great position loses that position, his authority will probably disappear too”

“Position and money are external, only your own strength is truly reliable”

“So in conclusionһһthe best thing is still your own strength! Fighters, even if they become handicapped, still have enough power to become dojo instructors” laughed Wei Wen, “This love business also made me solidify my thoughts. I must become a fighter!”

“I have the chance of becoming an ‘elite dojo member’ this year. Hopefully I can become a fighter by the time I graduate!” Wei Wen lifted his beer bottle, “Come, cheers”

Luo Feng worries were gone once he saw that Wei Wen wasn’t discouraged anymore.

“Cheers!” Luo Feng lifted his beer bottle.

The two brothers chatted as they drank. After finishing their drinks, the two of them ordered some tea and chatted until 4 PM. Only until then did Luo Feng bring Wei Wen back to his dorm.

Outside the dorms.

“Go straight on this road and after two traffic lights, you’ll see Jiang-Nan university” Wei Wen pointed forward.

“Okay” said Luo Feng as he took out his phone.

“Giving Xu Xin a call?” snickered Wei Wen on the side.

SuddenlyһһWei Wen felt his phone vibrate and took it out. He sighed: “It’s probably my girlfriend asking to eat dinner together, sigh, I have to spend money again”. He opened his phone and after looking, he saw a short messageһһ”Your card ending in 0306 has received 6,000,000 dollars on 16:51 of the 21st. Remaining balance: 6,002,100 (communication bank)”

“Six, six, six million?” Wei Wen’s eyes widened.

This is an astronomical number for him.

“Who transferred this money?” Wei Wen practically instantly thought of someone, the Luo Feng beside him! Out of all his friends and relatives, only Luo Feng can take out this much money without changing his expression.

“Luo Feng, this is your…..” Wei Wen lifted his head and looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng patted Wei Wen’s shoulder: “Wen, since you want to become a fighter, work for it with all your heart. Don’t waste your time being a tutor. Just think of this money as a present from your brother congratulating your first relationship. Let’s see what your girlfriend’s female friends are going to say now. Men always have to stand in front of their girlfriends with straightened backs”

Wei Wen’s eyes uncontrollably started to become red.

“Are you shitting me? You’re going to cry?” Luo Feng’s eyes widened, as if he just witnessed something extremely strange.

“Why the fuck would I cry” Wei Wen couldn’t help but to laugh.

This money was indeed nothing to Luo Feng. He’ll earn over ten million after randomly hunting a medium level commander level monster.

“Alright, I’ll be going to Jiang-Nan university now” Luo Feng waved his hand and started heading towards Jiang-Nan university.

Wei Wen looked at the message on his phone and the astonishing six million. He felt like this was all a dream. Previously, he was anxious inside as he held a smile on his face as he talked with his girlfriend. Who knew that in a blink of an eye he’d receive such a huge amount.


Chapter 110: Cruel Move

Evening. Luo Feng was walking on the street. Since it was in the university area, the streets were filled with young male and female students.

“Hello” Luo Feng dialed Xu Xin’s number, “It’s me, Luo Feng!”. Last night, Luo Feng and Xu Xin video chatted for a long time. He told Xu Xin that he would come see her today. “Night Spring Post? Intersection? Alright, I’ll wait for you there”

Luo Feng hung up and quickly came to the intersection called Night Spring Post. The reforesting of this area was done quite well. Luo Feng leaned against a post on the street and silently waited. At the same time, he couldn’t help but to think about what his good brother was talking about. What he said clearly resonated with Luo Feng. “Indeed, it’s status!”

“The first time I met Xu Xin’s brother, Xu Gang, he looked down on me and told me to stay away from his sister. From his point of view, I was just a rookie fighter that wasn’t good enough for his sister!”

“That great young master, ‘Li Wei’, also thought I was a little shrimp. If I was a wargod or a child of some wargod, he probably wouldn’t have dared to touch me”. Of course, even though young master Li Wei allowed his underlings to kill Luo Feng, Li Wei ended up giving his life in the end. “If I become an existence that surpasses the wargod level, if I become comparable to investigator Zhu, would the Vulture Scorpion couple dare to pull off something like the astronomical bounty?”. People have different statuses in different circles.

In a university, a fighter or a rich person counts as people with high status in the circle of students. When looking at the whole of Jiang-Nan headquarter city, a beginner level wargod is famous!

If you look at the entire world, powerful wargod fighters like the ‘examiners’ of the Dojo of Limits shake the entire world.

And existences that surpass the wargod level like investigator Zhu, the investigators that stand at the top of the Dojo of Limits, are treated with respect by huge countries. And those so called huge families are just a joke to them. At this level, money has very little effect. “Existences that surpass the wargod level around the world are super rare”

“My goal right now is to become an advanced level wargod spirit reader as fast as possible! When that happens, would I even be afraid of Vulture and Scorpion?”. To get what he desires and to do what he wants to do, he has to raise his status!

Truly powerful fighters, like Hong, just need to say a single sentence to make the countless powers around the world fight over being the first to do his bidding. This is status!



Jiang-Nan university’s Gate.

“Xu Xin, you’re not eating dinner with us anymore?” a few female classmates looked towards the nearby Xu Xin, who smiled as she waved her hand: “I still have things to do. I’ll be eating outside tonight”. After saying that, Xu Xin headed towards the night spring post intersection nearby Jiang-Nan university’s gate and met up with Luo Feng, which her other female classmates witnessed. “Hm?” one of the girls with large eyes raised a cell phone that seemed quite expensive and pointed it towards the night spring post intersection.

“Look, look, Xu Xin’s with a guy” said this large eyed female classmate as she pointed her phone towards the intersection. Even though night spring post intersection was around 500 meters away from the school gate, which was too far for regular eyes to discern someone’s looks, the capabilities of modern phones are too great.

The phone can take photos and videos. This large eyes girl’s phone can even record someone’s face that’s 1,000 meters away.

“Hey, it’s true!” the other girls leaned over and looked, “He seems quite handsome”

“Oh shoot, I forgot something back in the classroom. You guys go first, I’ll catch up soon”. The large eyed girl started running towards the school and quickly arrived at a corner of the empty track field. She took up her phone and immediately sent out the small video she just recorded.

In a suite of a high class hotel not far from Jiang-Nan university, a young man wearing a bathrobe was laying on a sofa. A seemingly beautiful girl, who was also wearing a bathrobe, was massaging him. Another seemingly pure young girl was also lightly massaging his feet and even happily chatted with the guy. Suddenly, his phone rang. “Hello” the young man picked up his phone.

“Young master Wang, Xu Xin just went out to eat dinner with a guy I don’t know. I just sent you the video”

“Oh” the young man frowned, “Alright, you did a good job”

After saying that, the young man opened up the video and took a close look. The scene with Luo Feng and Xu Xin was incredibly high quality, and the young man slightly frowned: “Luo Feng? Who could’ve thought that this Luo Feng would run all the way over to the university area to look for Xu Xin. Looks like his relationship with Xu Xin isn’t normal!”

“You guys go down” the young man waved his hand, “Tell uncle An to come”

“Yes, young master”

The two girls obediently went away. Soon enough, an old suit wearing butler came and bowed: “Young master”

“Uncle An” the young man stood up and frowned, “Xu Xin just went out to eat dinner with Luo Feng”

“Luo Feng?” this butler, uncle An, couldn’t help but to be surprised. He was clear that this young master, ‘Wang Xing Ping”, transferred to Jiang-Nan university from Kyoto headquarter city just to get closer to his prize. And, all the information about guys that are even slightly close to Xu Xin was recorded. Naturally, Luo Feng’s information was recorded too. Not only that, but three of Xu Xin’s female classmates were bribed! At the same time, there were probably around 100 people around Jiang-Nan university that belongs solely to him!

“Ruining their relationship should be easy” said Wang Xing Ping coldly, “Just a fighter. Uncle An, I’ll hand this mission to you. First find out where they’re eating tonight. I’m sure I don’t have to tell you what to do next? I only have one requestһһruin their relationship!”. The butler, uncle An, nodded as he replied: “I’ll prepare immediately!”

“Okay” Wang Xing Ping waved his hand. The butler immediately and respectfully went away.

In mere moments, in another suite of the hotel. The butler, Uncle An, was currently looking at two young girls he just found. These two beautiful girls were quite cute and could easily trigger a reaction in the bottom half of the body.

“Your goal, is him!” the butler, Uncle An, pointed towards a display. The display was currently showing a photo of Luo Feng and another one of Xu Xin. “His name is Luo Feng and is from Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Yang Zhou city. His phone number is . . . . . record all of this information and add his phone number to your contacts”

“Yes” the two beautiful girls obediently nodded.

“This is the plan, look carefully” as he said that, the butler, Uncle An, lightly tapped his notebook, which then displayed the contents of the in depth plan. The two beautiful girls took a look and made eye contact with each other.

“We understand, uncle An”

“Alright, Luo Feng is at the nearby ristorante Yinuo, go” commanded the butler, Uncle An. He watched the two beautiful girls leave and then looked at the plan on the display. He couldn’t help but to shake his head, “Luo Feng, you also count as quite a hard working fighter. Sadly, our young master has his eyes set on Xu Xin, so you have no right to touch her”



Yinuo, a quite stylish ristorante near Jiang-Nan city. The music there was like a flowing river, improving the atmosphere even more.

Luo Feng and Xu Xin sat in a corner. The candles were lit on the table; this is the legendary ‘candlelit dinner’. For Luo Feng’s sake, Xu Xin requested that seats nearby them were empty so that nobody could bother them.

“You’re going there?” smiled Xu Xin, “Yeah, this is a good thing for you. I heard that as long as you can enter the world’s best training camp, you’ll become a wargod in the future with no problem….. Future wargod, I’ll congratulate you first” as she said that, she lifted up her glass of wine. In the glass was red wine with an extremely low alcohol content.

“Thanks” Luo Feng also smiled as he lifted his glass.

After lightly taking a sip, Luo Feng and Xu Xin started chatting. They chatted about Xu Xin’s complicated family matters and then Luo Feng’s family. The two of them happily chatted. Even though they were just chatting like that, they seemed like a couple. It’s just that neither of them moved the relationship to that point.

“Sis, I heard that guy last night was really great?”

“Why would I trick you. I mean, I’m quite experienced and have tasted quite a few men, but the one last night was just….. fantastic. Hehe, my heart is going wild now that I think about it. I’ll go find him to play some more in a few days”

“You know his cell phone number?”

“While he was sleeping, I used his cell phone to call my cell phone and then recorded the number”

Two quite beautiful girls were chatting in small voices on the table beside the table next to Luo Feng’s. However, this restaurant was just way too quiet, so Luo Feng and Xu Xin heard every word clearly. The two of them could only exchange a funny glance; they didn’t think that they would be able to hear such a conversation here.

Luo Feng and Xu Xin continued to chat.

Around half an hour later.

“Well, let’s go” the sisters finally stood up.

Suddenly, one of the ‘sisters’ walked past Luo Feng and then walked back a few steps. She carefully examined him and said in a surprised tone: “Eh? I didn’t think it was really you. I felt like it was you when I looked at your back, but it was just too dark so I couldn’t see clearly. Now that I look, it’s really you. Wow, what a coincidence to meet you two days in a row”

“Sis, who’s he?” said the girl on the side in a confused tone.

“Two days in a row? This young lady, I don’t think I’ve ever seen you before” said Luo Feng as she looked at the beautiful girl in front of him, “I think you have the wrong person?”

“Ehhhһһ” the cute girl took another careful look and then glanced at Xu Xin on the side. She then said, “Wrong person, wrong person. I’m really sorry”

Xu Xin frowned on the side as she witnessed this scene. Xu Xin hates things like one night stands…… and the scene that just took place in front of her couldn’t help but to raise her suspicions: has Luo Feng actually played with this cute girl before? Fighters are always fighting on the border between life and death, so it’s quite normal for many of them to blow their money on some beautiful girls. In the past, Xu Xin always thought that Luo Feng wasn’t this type of person. But now that she witnessed this scene……


Chapter 111: Wang Xing Ping and Luo Feng

When destroying the relationship between a couple, especially when involving someone like Xu Xin who lives in a huge family, your tricks can’t be too obvious. If so, Xu Xin’s suspicions would be raised too easily! Because of that, uncle An didn’t plan on destroying their relationship in one go; he planned on splitting the attack into several waves.

For the first time, he simply wanted to raise Xu Xin’s suspicions. Clearly…..

He succeeded.

This simple scene where she mistaken Luo Feng for someone else was enough to raise Xu Xin’s suspicions.

“Wrong person? There’s no way she mixed their faces up. This girl even looked at luo Feng carefully to confirm his identity. How can she say that she has mistaken him for someone else? Way too fake” Xu Xin saw through this in a glance. At the same time, Luo Feng’s expression wasn’t looking too good at the moment; why is he getting involved in such messed up things.

“Sorry, really sorry. I’ve mistaken you for someone else” apologized the beautiful girl, “Let’s go”

What else can Luo Feng say?

They already said they mistaken him for someone else.

“You two ladies, please wait a moment” said Xu Xin.

Luo Feng froze and looked at Xu Xin. However, Xu Xin’s head was only faced towards the two girls.

“Oh, is there something you need?” the two beautiful girls turned their heads toward Xu Xin and the ‘sister’ asked.

“Didn’t you just say you met him two days in a row…..” Xu Xin just started to speak.

“Not your boyfriend” followed the sister, “One of my good guy friends, Da Shan”

Xu Xin nodded: “Da Shan? Oh, so when you said you met him two days in a row, you mean you met with that ‘Da Shan’ yesterday too?”

The ‘big sister’ and ‘little sister’ exchanged glances. The big sister glanced at Luo Feng and then smiled towards Xu Xin: “Of course. It wasn’t just a simple meeting: we stayed together throughout the night as well! My Da Shan sure is great, I wonder how good your boyfriend is……” she started to snicker slightly as she said that.

“Over the night? Oh, then it looks like you two really did mistake him for someone else. My boyfriend and I video chatted late into the night yesterday. Since the session lasted for around three to four hours, there’s no way he could’ve spent some time with someone else that night” smiled Xu Xin. Suddenly, the faces of the two beautiful girls changed dramatically. The cat’s out of the bag!

There’s a problem with the plan: the plan never took into account the possibility of Xu Xin and Luo Feng video chatting for so long. The two beautiful girls exchanged a glance; panic could be seen in their eyes. The beginning step of the plan just started and they failed, so the second and third step won’t even have a chance to begin. The two beautiful girls dropped off a few phrases and then immediately left.

Luo Feng laughed when he saw this and then looked at Xu Xin with a surprised look: “Xu Xin, we only chatted for like an hour last night, how come you said three to four hours?”

“Well, just wanted to see their reaction and scare them a bit. As expected, their faces changed dramatically” giggled Xu Xin, “If my guess is correct, these two girls were probably sent from my brother or some other young master. However, this plan was quite well done”. Indeed, the ‘mistaken person’ act by the two beautiful girls rose Xu Xin’s suspicions slightly, but there was a hole in their planһһ

Xu Xin indeed video chatted with Luo Feng yesterday for around an hour, which made Xu Xin suspicious….. would Luo Feng go out to play after video chatting late into the night? Not too realistic, so Xu Xin followed up with some questions and exaggerated a bit. The two beautiful girls immediately thought they’ve been found out and escaped in a hurry.

“Nice, nice” Luo Feng gave a big thumbs up.

“These family matters are quite messy. Sorry that you had to go through such a joke” apologized Xu Xin.

Luo Feng suddenly laughed: “You said before…… ‘My boyfriend and I video chatted’, oh…… boyfriend…… hehe” Luo Feng laughed in a weird matter.

“Luo Feng, I didn’t know you were like this too! I only said that because of the situation I was in” Xu Xin couldn’t help but to blush.



After leaving the restaurant, it was around 8 PM; the sky was already dark.

Along the street of the university area, Luo Feng escorted Xu Xin back to the dorm area of Jiang-Nan university. After going through the ‘destruction’ of the two beautiful girls, Luo Feng and Xu Xin’s relationship improved even more. The two of them would make fun of each other, but they just wouldn’t officially set the relationship into stone.

The stars filled the night sky.

“No need to go any further, I’m going in now” Xu Xin looked at Luo Feng, “Do your best in the elite training camp”

“Okay” Luo Feng nodded.

Xu Xin’s face was slightly red as she stood at the staircase at her dorm, whether because she drank red wine or because of him: “I, I can’t believe I got messed up so much just because of what that girl said. Why would I get so mad? Because of him….. am I really….?”

Luo Feng was also inside the sector of the dorm. In front of him were a couple people in the shade of a tree.

“Luo Feng” spoke someone in front of him.

Luo Feng looked carefully and saw six people under the tree. Leading them was a rich young master who looked pretty good and had white skin. Behind him was an old man and four burly brutes. Just looking at these brutes was enough to know that they were fighters. Someone who can get four powerful fighters to be his bodyguards?

Probably not someone normal.

“I’m Luo Feng, who might you be?” smiled Luo Feng as he looked at the rich young master.

“I’m Wang Xing Ping from Kyoto headquarter city!” the rich young master walked over, “I’ve come to see you just to deliver a single phrase: You better stay away from Xu Xin!”

“What if I don’t stay away?” said Luo Feng as he looked at the rich young master.

“Oh?” frowned Wang Xing Ping.

“I know your identity: the great young master of the Wang family of Kyoto headquarter city. Kyoto headquarter city’s Wang family is one of the nine core families of the HR alliance” said Luo Feng as he looked at him.

Wang Xing Ping smirked: “Very good. It seems like you’re someone who knows the rules. There are rules in every area, and what you must do is follow those rules. If you break the rules and do something you shouldn’t do…… you won’t be able to handle the consequences! Do you understand what I’m saying?”

Night time is the dorm area’s most crowded time.

Quite a few university students that were eating snacks and walking around noticed Luo Feng and Wang Xing Ping’s group, since Wang Xing Ping’s underlings weren’t regular people.

“Rules?” Luo Feng narrowed his eyes.

The Wang family of China is one of the nine core families of the HR alliance and their influence on society is tremendously huge. Normal people definitely can’t imagine what these families are capable of.

“Luo Feng, you should know that not everyone is equal. Even though everyone yells “everyone’s equal”, everyone is not. Some people can only follow the rules and laws, and even when they do, they get in trouble. Some people can pick up all the beautiful girls they want and break all the rules: beat people up and even kill people. But those people don’t get into any trouble. Some people….. can ruin a family with a single phrase. Some people can force a young man with a beautiful future ahead of them to obey their every command, even if they’re a fighter” Wang Xing Ping looked at Luo Feng, “You probably know which group I belong to, and which group you belong to!”. The superiority he held in his bones wasn’t covered up at all in this talk. Luo Feng said nothing.



As Luo Feng and Wang Xing Ping talked, a couple was holding hands not too far away from the dorm sector.

“Tao Tao, really sorry. I’ll be out of the country for a whole three years. Of course, I’ll come see you over New Years” the one speaking was precisely the one who was headed towards the Dojo of Limits world headquarters with Luo Feng, Ya Xia. The girl holding Ya Xia’s hand was his girlfriend since high school.

“Ya Xia, it’s fine. We can talk over the internet frequently. It’s just three years, it’ll be over really quickly” the girl named Tao Tao grasped Ya Xia’s hand. Ya Xia was definitely a legend in Jiang-Nan university: he’s handsome, has a nice temper, and all his friends think highly of him. His family’s great too because his father’s a wargod!

He himself was also powerful. Since he’s headed off towards the ‘basics training camp’, he might become a wargod in the future! Since his father is also a wargod fighter, tons of girls would be chasing after this young man. Initially, quite a few people were trying to ruin Tao Tao and Ya Xia’s relationship.

“But you better not mess around” Tao Tao looked at Ya Xia.

“Okay” Ya Xia nodded.

“Hm, what’s going on ahead?” Ya Xia looked in front of him with a confused look on his face. As a genius fighter, his eyesight was able to discern the looks of the people ahead. “Wang Xing Ping, huh, that’s senior Luo Feng? Tao Tao, remember I told you about a super powerful fighter that’s leaving the country with me? He’s right ahead of us” said Ya Xia.

“Where is he?” Tao Tao was quite curious.

“Come, I’ll bring you to him” smiled Ya Xia, “Senior Luo Feng’s temper is quite good. He’s in the shade of the tree”

Wang Xing Ping looked at Luo Feng: “You’re a beginner level warlord level fighter right. These people here are 100% loyal to my Wang family. You guys, tell Luo Feng your ranks”

“Intermediate level warlord”

“Intermediate level warlord”

“Intermediate level warlord”

After the three brutes spoke, the final bald, middle-aged brute smiled: “Advanced level warlord! Young man, you should know your place. Even a wargod wouldn’t dare to act so arrogantly in front of one of the nine core families of the HR alliance. Your future is bright, so don’t ruin it for yourself”

Luo Feng’s eyes brightened and he smiled as he nodded, “Young master Wang, you sure are great. Four bodyguards: an advanced level warlord and three intermediate level warlords”. Young master Li Wei had two advanced level warlords and an intermediate level warlord back then. However, Li Wei died.

“Brother Wang, you’re here too” a familiar voice rang.

Luo Feng turned his head and so did Wang Xing Ping and the others. Ya Xia and his girlfriend Tao Tao came into their vision.

“It’s young master Ya Xia” said the butler, Uncle An, in a small voice.

The four bodyguards also smiled towards Ya Xia. Wang Xing Ping smiled towards Ya Xia. This Ya Xia’s father is one of the wargods of Jiang-Nan city. Since he has a nice temper and many connections, quite a few wargods are his brothers to the death. When faced with such a wargod, even the Wang family has to treat them with respect.

Furthermore, this Ya Xia is quite talented himself, since he’s about to enter the basics training camp. He might be able to become a wargod in the future.

“Ya Xia, what a coincidence, you’re here too” Wang Xing Ping’s previous attitude towards Luo Feng disappeared; he was now much more approachable.

“Haha, I saw senior Luo Feng here, but I didn’t expect brother Wang to be here too” Ya Xia smiled as he looked at Luo Feng, “Senior Luo Feng, you know brother Wang too?”

“Senior Luo Feng?” Wang Xing Ping frowned. Usually, fighters only call someone ‘senior’ when they’re from the same dojo and clearly more powerful than them. And Ya Xia is calling Luo Feng ‘senior’?

“Ya Xia, I just met with Wang Xing Ping just now, so I’m not too familiar with him” smiled Luo Feng.

Ya Xia laughed loudly and said to Wang Xing Ping: “Brother Wang, you love meeting genius fighters right? Senior Luo Feng is way better than me. This time, senior Luo Feng is leaving the country with me, and Luo Feng is entering the world’s best elite training camp!”

“Elite training camp?” Wang Xing Ping’s heart thumped dramatically: oh shit!

Each country’s army tries everything possible to earn a spot in the elite training camp, since every person that enters the elite training camp will become a wargod in the future! And the special training in this elite training camp makes these wargods way more powerful than other wargods that trained by themselves.

Every elite training camp student has an immensely high position. Even the nine core families of the HR alliance want these students on their side.

These students will become extremely powerful in the future and all their fellow students are also absolute geniuses from all over the world. After they all graduate, each and every one of them are wargods! Their own abilities, added with their connections…… each of these students will become an important member in the Dojo of Limits or in the government’s special forces; even the HR alliance invites them as special guests. They are the absolute top! Even the government treats these guys like masters, since they are actually masters!

These demon students are also extremely intelligent and naturally form a group! One demonic genius fighter is already insanely powerful. If you add ten of them or a hundred of them into a group that looks out for its members, they become an extremely powerful force that none of the core families of the HR alliance are willing to mess with.

This is also why the huge families spend tens and hundreds of billions to try and get a spot in the elite training camp! And these students….. might even become the students of ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’.

“Fuck, this, this Luo Feng all of a sudden…….” Wang Xing Ping wanted to smash his head a couple times. He was a perfectly normal fighter, how did he all of a sudden……

“Senior Luo Feng, brother Wang is a great person who loves to make friends” smiled Ya Xia towards Luo Feng. After that, he turned his head towards Wang Xing Ping, “Brother Wang, how about me, senior Luo Feng, and you find a place to chat later?” as he said that, he even purposefully winked at Wang Xing Ping.

From Ya Xia’s point of view, he’s doing Wang Xing Ping a huge favor. How many of these demonic genius fighters exist on earth? Everyone would want to try and get to know them if given the chance.


Chapter 112: World Headquarters

The nights of early spring were cold, but Wang Xing Ping’s brain was melting and his face was astonishingly hot: “This is the worst thing I’ve ever ran into in my life. How many students does the world’s best training camp accept every year all over the world? Only one person gets in every few years in Jiang-Nan city! And now I actually encountered someone and even threatened him…..” if Wang Xing Ping was the head of the Wang family, he might have the authority to threaten that person. However, the Wang family’s head is his grandpa!

His grandpa has quite a few sons and over a dozen grandsons! He’s a direct descendant of his grandfather and therefore has a higher position than the other grandsons, but that’s not even close to enough to determine who will become the next head. The internal struggle is extremely competitive: the successors are all decided by the family.

After his grandfather gives up his spot, his father’s generation goes up.

After a couple dozen years, it’ll be his generation’s turn!

Even if Wang Xing Ping is able to become the head, he’ll have to wait quite a few years.

“I have some of the family’s power, but only an extremely small portion” Wang Xing Ping clenched his teeth, “If the family knew that I started a fight against a student of the ‘world’s best training camp’, the first thing they’ll make me do is apologize. After that, I’ll have to organize a negotiation with Luo Feng to attempt to calm the situation!”

Wang Xing Ping was clear of his family’s rules.

If you can’t kill them, befriend them!

Even the five great countries wouldn’t dare to send people to the Dojo of Limits world headquarters that Luo Feng is about to enter! Because that place is the territory world’s strongest fighter, Hong. Hong’s name is more explosive than a nuclear bomb.

“Hey, brother Wang, what’re you thinking of?” smiled Ya Xia as he urged.

Wang Xing Ping took in a deep breath as he looked at Luo Feng, and then lowered his head and deeply bowed: “Luo Feng, this is my, Wang Xing Ping’s, fault. Please don’t mind my actions!”

Apologized? This Wang Xing Ping actually bowed as he apologized!

“What, what, what’s going on?” Ya Xia froze as he looked at Wang Xing Ping and then at Luo Feng. Even if he’s blind he could tell that something was wrong with this situation.

Luo Feng looked at Ya Xia and smiled: “Nothing, it’s just that young master Wang Xing Ping had a little misunderstanding. Well, I still have things to do, so I’ll be going first!” after saying that, Luo Feng turned around and walked away on the dark, concrete street.

After Luo Feng left, Ya Xia whispered: “Brother Wang, what happened? You enraged this Luo Feng?”

“I messed up big time” Wang Xing Ping straightened his back, “However, Ya Xia, thanks a lot for this. If you didn’t tell me about this Luo Feng’s identity, I would’ve offended him without knowing who he was!”.

The current Luo Feng has no power to do anything, but in a few years, once he becomes a wargod and enters the higher ups of the Dojo of Limits, dealing with some random rich kid of the Wang family is easy. In front of the Dojo of Limits, not just the Wang family, but even the entire HR alliance has to lower their heads!



“FUCK, FUCK, FUCK!!!” once he returned to the hotel, Wang Xing Ping ferociously slammed the great bottles of wine on the counter around. Bottle after bottle of extremely expensive high quality wine slammed on the table, the wall, and the ground.

PENG! PA!

As the shattering sounds rang, butler, uncle An, said nothing as he stood in the corner. After unleashing his rage, Wang Xing Ping furiously sat on the sofa, “Uncle An, find and bring a pair of twin sisters here”. Wang Xing Ping’s eyes were cold like a wolf’s. Every time he encounters some trouble, he’ll want to vent.

“Young master” butler, uncle An, couldn’t help but to say.

“DON’T WORRY, NOBODY WILL DIE!” Wang Xing Ping turned his head and coldly looked at the butler, uncle An. Under Wang Xing Ping’s glare, the butler didn’t dare to say anything more.

“Yes” butler, Uncle An, turned his head and walked out of the room.



After encountering Wang Xing Ping, Luo Feng just treated it as a joke and forgot about it. For the next few days, Luo Feng spent most of his time on the Nine Stage Thunder Blade. Time flowed like water and, with a blink of an eye, it was March 22nd, the day that Luo Feng leaves the headquarter city!

March 22nd, 1:30 PM. Jiang-Nan headquarter city airport.

“Feng, once you get there, take care of yourself” said Luo Hong Guo.

“Got it, Dad” smiled Luo Feng.

Gong Xin Lan’s eyes were teary as she held Luo Feng’s hand: “Feng, watch yourself!”

Every time Luo Feng enters the wilderness, his family becomes extremely worried. However, after a while, especially after living in a fighter’s sector like Ming-Yue sector, his parents understoodһһ this is the path of a fighter!

“Luo Feng, it’s time to check in” said wargod Yang Hui from far away.

“Coming” responded Luo Feng.

Luo Feng looked at his parents and then immediately ran towards Yang Hui. Not too far away, Ya Xia was also saying goodbye to his parents and then went along with Luo Feng and wargod Yang Hui through the security check. The Dojo of Limits chairman, Ya Xia’s family, and Luo Feng’s family watched them as they left.

There was only one extremely huge saucer shaped commercial plane in the entire airport. Luo Feng went through the tunnel and entered the commercial plane.

“Mr. Yang, your seats are in the first class cabin” smiled the beautiful female flight attendant.

“Okay” Yang Hui nodded and went up the stairs.

This was Luo Feng and Ya Xia’s first time riding a huge commercial plane like this, so they were extremely curious. Luo Feng, like many others riding this plane for the first time, was looking around with curiosity. The interior of the plane was dreamy. Since the plane was saucer shaped, the cabins were split into the top level, middle level, and bottom level. The top level was the first class cabin, while the middle and bottom levels were normal cabins.

“Round?” Luo Feng looked at the wall on the top level and noticed that it, along with all the other things, were round. The seats were also placed in a circular manner, ring after ring. Naturally, there were more seats in the outer rings. And in the very middle was a 3D hologram.

E21 was Luo Feng’s spot. He, Ya Xia, and Yang Hui sat side by side. The other passengers soon came in one by one.

“Luo Feng, Ya Xia, this is your first time riding a plane, so the Dojo of Limits will pay for you two” said Yang Hui, “If you ride an airplane again in the future, you’ll have to buy the ticket yourselves. The cost for a ticket for the Chinese large commercial planes from the six headquarter cities to our world headquarters is 10 million for a normal cabin and 20 million for the first class cabin!”

Luo Feng sighed inside…..

No wonder even the average rich person wouldn’t ride these planes. It’ll be good for some rich person’s company to be worth over a hundred million. Spend 10 million for a plane? They probably would be reluctant to do so.

“How is this first class cabin better than the normal cabins below?” Ya Xia couldn’t help but to ask.

“The size of the seats and the level of comfort” smiled Yang Hui.

“I don’t see how these seats are wide?” Ya Xia couldn’t help but to say.

“That’s because you haven’t sat in the seats in the normal cabins below!” laughed Yang Hui, “You have to keep in mind that there are barely any commercial planes on this world; the cost it takes to build and maintain each plane is disgustingly high. Because they’re so rare, they’ll want to squeeze in as many seats into the plane as possible! So even though you can sit in the normal cabins, you can’t stretch your legs”.

Ya Xia blinked twice.

Luo Feng shook his head. Double the price just for a larger seat! However, for the people at the top of the world, 10 million and 20 million really don’t have much of a difference.

RUMBLE~~

With a rumble, the plane finally lifted off. However, the round cabins were completely sealed and had no windows, so Luo Feng and the others couldn’t look outside.

A recently famous movie was playing in the middle of the cabin! It was quite realistic thanks to the 3D hologram.

“If you want to watch it, put on your headphones. If you don’t, then just rest. We’ll arrive at the world headquarters in around an hour” Yang Hui closed his eyes.

After around an hour and 20 minutes, the commercial plane landed at the Dojo of Limits world headquartersһһHong Ning headquarter city’s airport. Luo Feng and the others left the airport and got on a private car.

Inside a long cadillac.

Luo Feng and Ya Xia were looking out the window and were amazed. The entire headquarter city was extremely beautiful and the buildings were all based off of ancient China: pavillons could be seen everywhere.

“During the Grand Nirvana period, the head brought a bunch of people to this place and created a simple human base, allowing many people to escape here. As time flowed, this Hong Ning headquarter city grew bigger and bigger!” smiled Yang Hui, “Our Hong Nin headquarter city is located at western Asia, close to Europe. Because our head is here, this is the safest headquarter city in the entire world!”

“Many rich people and fighters come to our headquarter city every year. However, the head always controls the population of the headquarter city. As of now, the population of the entire headquarter city is only around eight million” smiled Yang Hui, “If the head didn’t regulate the population, it’ll be normal for it to reach a value of 200 to 300 million. However, quality over quantity! Our Hong Nin headquarter city has the highest fighter birth rate in the entire world! As of now, there has never been an emperor monster that dared to mess around at our Hong Ning headquarter city” said Yang Hui confidently.

Luo Feng and Ya Xia’s eyes were filled with astonishment.

The entire world has five great countries and 23 headquarter cities! And Hong controls a headquarter city and the Dojo of Limits. Add his own virtually invincible strength to the equation….. ‘Hong’ is indisputably the most powerful man on earth! #1 in strength and #1 in authority!

“We’re at the training camp, let’s get off” said Yang Hui, “This is the elite training camp. Ya Xia, you come and take a look too. If you keep working hard, you might have a chance to come here”

“Okay” Ya Xia had trouble suppressing his excitement.

Luo Feng and Ya Xia got off the car and went through the training camp’s huge gate with Yang Hui.

Right after going through the gate, they saw a gigantic sculpture of a dragon. A gigantic black dragon that was around 50 meters tall was staring at Luo Feng; it’s invisible aura instantly pressured Luo Feng, causing him to choke. Ya Xia’s face was completely white on the side. Only after Yang Hui coughed lightly did Luo Feng and Ya Xia wake up.

“Startled just by a sculpture?” laughed Yang Hui.

Luo Feng’s forehead was full of sweat; this dragon sculpture pressured him more than the steel armored dragon. On the scales of the 50 meter tall black dragon were tiny screens, which displayed a list of names.

NO.1 Reinatus Bridge (530321)

NO.2 Zhu Qiang (540601)

NO.3 Eben Perth (520316)

NO.182 Jaclyn Bernard (570319)

From the top of the dragon to the bottom, the scales displayed a full 182 names.

Yang Hui smiled on the side: “This is the ranking. As of now, there are 182 students in the elite training camp, which are the geniuses of geniuses from all over the world. Everyone is ranked based off their battle scores! Luo Feng, if you pass the B grade exam, you better work hard and raise your ranking”


Chapter 113: B Grade Exam

Ranking?” Luo Feng looked at the list of names on the huge black dragon’s scales and couldn’t help but to ask, “Ranking for what?”

Yang Hui laughed as he looked at Luo Feng: “You think you can just relax once you enter the elite training camp and just ride your way to the wargod rank? What a joke! The environment in the elite training camp is much more competitive than anywhere else. The rankings determine how much stuff you can get! For example, who gets to use one of the unique treasures from the archaeological ruins? The higher your ranking, the more resources you receive! And as for the people who are ranked at the bottom three, if they get ranked there for over three times, they’re disqualified”

Luo Feng was astonished, since he didn’t know that it was possible to get disqualified from the elite training camp.

“Well, stop asking questions. Once you pass the B grade exam, you’ll learn all the rules. If you don’t pass the B grade exam, then there’s no point in knowing the answers to your questions” Yang Hui looked up at the huge dragon sculpture, “Haven’t you guys realized why this dragon sculpture is special?”

“Aura” said Ya Xia.

“Spirit” said Luo Feng.

Both of them were stunned by the dragon sculpture. When they looked into the eyes of the sculpture, they felt like they were being stared at by a monster even more horrifying than a high level horde leader level steel armored dragon; it caused fear from the bottom of their hearts! Luo Feng wasn’t even this terrified when he saw the steel armored dragon.

“This was a real SS emperor level monster, a black dragon born inside a volcano! After the head slayed it, he left its two eyes inside this dragon sculpture”

“The materials making up this dragon sculpture are quite expensive. Of course, the most expensive thing in this sculpture is its eyes, since they’re the real eyes of a black dragon!”

“The dragon’s eyes were designed to glare at the entrance of the gate, so once someone enters the gate, they’ll be stunned after looking into the eyes of the dragon sculpture” laughed Yang Hui proudly, “Just this pair of dragon eyes is already worth over 10 billion!”

Luo Feng and Ya Xia exchanged glances. Holy shit, they actually used the eyes of a black dragon in a decorative sculpture! Damn!

“Come with me, remember, don’t run around” commanded Yang Hui.

“Yes” Luo Feng and Ya Xia carried their backpacks as they followed Yang Hui.

Even though it’s called a training camp, it was extremely beautiful and dreamy; it gave one the feeling that they have arrived at an ancient palace. There were precious flowers and trees everywhere and even flowing rivers and streams. After a few main palaces, detailed pavilion after pavilion could be seen all around. Sometimes you could see dojo uniform wearing young people walking out of the pavilions. In the group of young people were males and females and white, black, and yellow people.

“Look, those young people far away are all officials members of the elite training camp” Yang Hui pointed at the huge nine story tower in the exact middle of the training camp, “Even though there are only nine floors in that tower-shaped buildings, its height is comparable to a regular 20 story building’s height. All the students are headed there. That tower-shaped building is called the ‘Nine Grand Floors’!”

Yang Hui smiled: “The Nine Grand Floors is where all the students learn and train. The special training rooms are in there too! In the training camp, the students are always in there except when they sleep”

Luo Feng and Ya Xia were extremely well-mannered as they walked in the training camp, since they weren’t students here. Each and every single student in the elite training camp, with Luo Feng’s judgment, had a completely different aura compared to the regular fighters outside. This was where all the demonic geniuses of the world gathered.

“A lot of these 182 students graduate every year! So every year, we acceptһһ43 people” Yang Hui smiled as he walked, “However, 2/3 of these people come from our Dojo of Limits’ basics training camp. Only 1/3 comes from the other parts of the world”

Luo Feng froze.

No wonderһһһһ

Around 30 people are accepted every year and 2/3 of them come from the basics training camp. That means only around 10 spots are left.

“So, Ya Xia, after you enter the basics training camp, you still have hope of entering the ‘elite training camp’. However, the number of students in the basics training camp is way higher than the number in the elite training camp. Because of this, the competition for the spots are intense. You better work hard in the future” said Yang Hui as he looked at Ya Xia.

“Understood” Ya Xia’s eyes were shining.

The limit in the basics training camp is three years, while it’s five years in the elite training camp!

“Ya Xia, stay here first. Don’t run around. I’ll bring Luo Feng in there to deal with his housing” said Yang Hui.

A two story building. Even the furniture here was antique.

“Since our head is Chinese, he loves the style of ancient China. Because of that, he built Hong Ning headquarter city based off of that style. This training camp especially, since even the furniture is like that. So while you’re here, you won’t have any couches or television” smiled Yang Hui, “Thankfully, the head is merciful and allows everyone to bring a notebook”

Luo Feng was speechless. There was no television, washing machine, etc. Thankfully, there were electronic plugs.

“You just rest well here. If you want to eat something, just make a call and someone will bring you food” said Yang Hui, “You better not run around today. Tomorrow at noon, I’ll bring you to the Nine Grand Floors to take the B grade exam. If you pass, you’ll become an official member of the elite training camp. If you fail, you’ll go to the basics training camp”

Luo Feng nodded: “Understood”

Yang Hui soon left after that.

Luo Feng was the only one left in the quiet room. He went to the second floor’s study room and left his backpack there. Afterwards, he went to the balcony and looked at the entire camp.

“This is the world’s best training camp? It’s quite quiet here” Luo Feng’s hands supported his body against the wooden pole of the balcony as he appreciated the view of the camp.

Not too far away was a flowing stream. From there carried a voice in standard Chinese, “Hey, from China?”

Luo Feng turned his head and looked down. He saw a young, white dojo uniform wearing yellow skinned man. His eyebrows were thick and his eyes were big. He had a steel spear in his hands as he smiled.

“Yea” responded Luo Feng.

“I’m Tian Qiong” smiled the yellow skinned young man as he greeted, “From Northeast headquarter city”

“I’m Luo Feng, from Jiang-Nan headquarter city” smiled Luo Feng.

The person named Tian Qiong smiled: “Since you’re living here, I assume you’re going to take the entrance exam? Work hard! There are quite a few Chinese here….. once you enter the camp, we can all meet up” after saying that, this Tian Qiong headed towards the Nine Grand Floors with his spear in hand. As he walked, he occasionally waved his spear around.

PU! The ear piercing sound from the thrusting spear changed the Luo Feng’s face, who was on the balcony: “This person’s spear technique is way better than Zhang Ke’s!”

Luo Feng’s judgment abilities are extremely great right now. When that person named Tian Qiong thrusted his spear, it felt like all the air surrounding him gathered on the tip of his spear.

“Even though I named my blade technique, ‘Thunderbolt’, I’ve barely touched the start of it. Compared to him, I’m way off” Luo Feng had no pride left at all.

Just a random student’s spear technique was clearer superior to his blade technique!

Luo Feng realizedһһ

Only the geniuses of geniuses could enter this training camp! Whether they competed for the spots after accepting three years of training and graduating from the basics training camp or were accepted from every part of the world, none of them weren’t outstanding!

“I have to stand my ground in this elite training camp, or else I won’t even have the right to stand up against the two wargods Vulture and Scorpion!”

“Of course, I have to pass the B grade exam first”

After training his genetic energy until late into the night, Luo Feng enjoyed a nice rest. Even though he hasn’t officially entered the training camp yet, the ranking on the black dragon sculpture and the random thrusts from that ‘Tian Qiong’ from before made Luo Feng realize: his future in the elite training camp will be extremely competitive.



11 AM. Luo Feng had a luxurious lunch. Only until 11:30 AM did wargod Yang Hui appear.

“The weather’s not so good today. It’s almost noon and yet the sky’s already dark. Looks like we’ll have a storm soon” Yang Hui walked in and laughed as he looked at the table, “Not bad, you have quite the appetite. If you’re ready, then follow me to the Nine Grand Floors”

“Do I need to bring anything? Weapons? Battle uniform?” asked Luo Feng.

“No, just come with me with nothing in hand” said Yang Hui.

Luo Feng headed towards the Nine Grand Floors with Yang Hui!

Each story in the Nine Grand Floors was around six meters high. Since the width of the Nine Grand Floors was over 130 meters, it was definitely a gigantic tower. Even though the building seemed quite ancient from the outside, it was extremely technological in the inside. The floors were made out of sturdy alloys. Sonic booms and yells could easily be heard.

“Go, to the ninth floor” Yang Hui and Luo Feng entered the elevator.

The elevator was extremely fast. “DING!”

The doors of the elevator opened and revealed the top floor of the Nine Grand Floors. The ninth floor was a spacious lobby. In the lobby were a few cushions where young men and women chatted in English, French, or even Chinese. When Luo Feng came here, quite a few people turned their heads towards him.

“Bro, Chinese?”

“Chinese” Luo Feng nodded.

“Good luck! Once you enter the camp, we’ll have another Chinese member” laughed a bald young man.

“Dream on” an accented phrase of Chinese came out of a black girl’s mouth. There was a butterfly tattoo on the black girl’s face and she sneered as she glanced at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng followed wargod Yang Hui’s lead and entered the interior of the lobby. There was a passageway here with large rooms on both sides. Soon enough, Luo Feng was brought to the innermost room. The room wasn’t big and was a bit dim.

“PA!” The lights were turned on. There were only two sofas in the room, and each sofa had a faint blue helmet on them.

“Our human scientists worked quite hard to create these two helmets. These two helmets mimicked a brain computer interface linked to a virtual space machine” said Yang Hui as he pointed towards the helmets, “We could only create these simple brain computer interfaces. As for the actual machine that creates the virtual space, that ancient thing has been sleeping underground for who knows how many years”

Luo Feng froze as he stared at this helmet: “Virtual space?”

Too crazy.

Something that only exists in sci-fi. According to what Yang Hui said, humans as of now have only been able to create the ‘brain computer interfaces’. As for the actual machine that creates the virtual space, humans haven’t been able to create that at all.

“We’re still using that same old machine underground. Human scientists don’t understand that machine at all, so don’t even mention creating it” said Yang Hui shook his head.

“Okay, once you wear that, you’ll enter an extremely realistic virtual space. You could say that it’s exactly the same as real life” said Yang Hui, “After you enter the virtual space, we’ll let you enter the ‘Tower of Trials’ to take the B grade exam!”


Chapter 114: Tower of Trials

“Do I, wear it?” Luo Feng nervously picked up one of the faint blue helmets and looked at Yang Hui with a confused look, “Mr. Yang, do I just wear it directly like this?”

“Copy me!” laughed Yang Hui and then lay down on the sofa, “You sit on the sofa too”

Luo Feng obediently lay on the sofa. The sofa was extremely comfortable and was just right for one person to lay on it.

Yang Hui said seriously: “When you put on the helmet later, your mind will enter the virtual space. So, don’t panic. Here, put on the helmet!” under Yang Hui’s watch, Luo Feng took in a deep breath and put the helmet on.

Virtual space? It was described in sci-fi novels, but this was his first time experiencing it.

“Eh?” the instant Luo Feng put on his helmet, he felt like his brain paused.

Yang Hui watched Luo Feng put on his helmet and then smiled as he put on his.



This was an infinite silver colored place.

Two shadows, one in front of the other, appeared on the ground. They were precisely Luo Feng and Yang Hui.

“How amazing, this is virtual space?” Luo Feng looked around. The sky of the virtual space was the starry universe with millions of shining stars, causing a dreamy light to reflect off of the entire silver ground.

“This silver ground? It’s as smooth as a mirror” Luo Feng bent down with surprisement and knocked against the ground with his fingers. It let off a ‘CLANG CLANG’ sound like a type of metal.

“Luo Feng, this is the tower of trial’s virtual space. The sky is filled with stars and the ground is completely silver. The material making up the ground is similar to an alloy!” Yang Hui smiled as he pointed into the distance, “And in this entire silver space, the only building you can see is that seven story tower of trials! Which is where you’ll be taking your exam”

Indeed, after looking in each direction.

There was only one building! It was a huge tower-shaped building that was around 300 to 400 meters tall. The entire tower had engravings of various monsters on the surface of it, which spiralled around the entire tower. The naked eye could barely distinguish the seven floors of the tower.

“I take the B grade exam there?” with a thought of his heart, Luo Feng tried using his spiritual force.

How come there’s no spiritual force?

He couldn’t feel even the slightest bit of his spiritual force.

“Not good” Luo Feng jumped twice and threw some punches and kicks, “My body is kind of… off”

“Mr. Yang, how come my body feels different from before?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to ask.

Yang Hui laughed loudly and pointed towards the sky and then the ground: “Where is this? Virtual space! Only our minds have entered this area, which is why weapons and other things can’t come here”

“Only our minds entered?” Luo Feng was stunned and thought to himself, “In other words, nothing other than our minds can enter here. My spiritual force didn’t come here too….. this is a problem. Without my spiritual force, I only have a portion of my strength. I wonder if I can pass this B grade exam?”

Yang Hui continued to speak: “Luo Feng, no matter who it is, only their minds enter the virtual space! And the virtual space constructs a virtual body for us. All our body fitness levels are identical” said Yang Hui.

“Identical?” Luo Feng was astonished.

“Yeah, whether a wargod, an existence that surpasses the wargod, a regular fighter, or even a regular person, once their mind enters this area, they’ll all have the same body fitness level. Fist strength of 10,000 KG, speed of 150 m/s, and reaction speed of beginner level warlord level superior”

Luo Feng froze.

Everyone has exactly the same body fitness level in this virtual space?

“Since everyone’s body fitness level is the same in this virtual space, even the head, Hong, has this body too. This way, we can easily test a person’s true fighting ability” Yang Hui looked at Luo Feng, “Now, come with me to the tower of trials!”

What can he do now?

Everyone’s equal in this virtual space. No matter how powerful you are in the real world, everyone is the same here.

The tower of trials was absolutely gigantic.

Luo Feng and Yang Hui stood at the entrance like two ants.

“Look at that pillar” Yang Hui pointed towards a black pillar to the left of the main entrance of the tower of trials. An engraving started to appear on this black pillarһһ

Name: Luo Feng

Gender: Male

Identity: Elite training camp prospective student

Tower of Trials level: 1

Luo Feng turned his head to the black pillar on the right of the main entrance. An engraving started to appear on this pillar tooһһ

Name: Yang Hui

Gender: Male

Identity: Wargod tower of trials

Level: 3.2

Luo Feng was astonished, his level was 1 and wargod Yang Hui’s was 32. What’s the significance of this tower of trials level?

“Luo Feng, are you thinking about the tower of trials level?” smiled Yang Hui, “If anyone with this body enters the tower, you start going through the floors. After you pass the first floor, you enter the second floor. At that time, your level will be 2.0. When you enter the third floor, your level will be 3.0. During the third floor, your level could be 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, etc. Since you haven’t entered the tower of trials yet, you’re just at level 1, which means that you never did anything in the tower of trials yet”

Luo Feng froze.

And was stunned. Wargod Yang Hui was so old, so he must have plenty of battle experience. Who could’ve thought that he only entered the third floor!

“There are seven floors in total! As of now, nobody has entered the seventh floor!” Yang Hui smiled as he looked at Luo Feng.

“Not even one?” Luo Feng was stunned.

What about the world’s strongest fighter Hong? And the second strongest fighter Thunder God?

“Yeah, not even one. The world’s strongest fighter ‘Hong’ can enter the sixth floor, which is the world record” Yang Hui shook his head as he sighed, “This is the difference. Even though I’m using the same body as the head, I can only get to the third floor while the head can get to the sixth!”

Luo Feng raised his head and looked at this seven story tower of trials.

No fighter on earth can reach the seventh floor.

Suddenlyһһ “Luo Feng, please select your battle uniform and weapon. After selecting, enter the tower of trials and accept the B grade exam within a minute!”

The electronic sound echoed around the entire virtual space.

All types of battle uniforms and weapons appeared in front of Luo feng. He didn’t have much time, so he immediately picked a battle uniform that fit his size, a ghost blade, and a hexagonal shield. Afterwards, the same battle uniform, ghost blade, and hexagonal shield dropped onto the floor. Luo Feng quickly put them on.

His sprinting speed could reach 150 m/s, and he was also super fast at equipping his gear.

Within 10 seconds, like a flash, he was finished equipping.

“Luo Feng, I’ll pray for your success” smiled Yang Hui, “This B grade exam is the difficulty level of intermediate in the tower of trial’s first floor. Even though it’s only the first floor, a few dozen of the official members of the elite training camp are still stuck there!”

“Okay” Luo Feng took in a deep breath and directly walked towards the dark entrance! As if the space around him transformed, Luo Feng entered a boundless grassy plain.

“Luo Feng” an electronic voice rang around the plains, “The B grade exam is to kill a horde of 100 low level commander level raging bulls within 30 minutes! If you die, then you fail! If the kill count hasn’t reached 100 within 30 minutes, you also fail! This is your first time entering the tower of trials, so you have 5 minutes to prepare”

Luo Feng’s face changed dramatically.

“100 raging bulls? And all low level commander level?” Luo Feng was completely frightened.

Even though a regular monster horde is quite scary, most of the horde is made up of soldier level monsters; they contain very few commander level monsters.

Who would’ve known that you would have to face 100 raging bulls in the B grade exam, and all of them are low level commander level! Since they’re all low level commander level… compared to his fitness level, any one of the raging bulls is around equal in speed and power. 100 monsters that are equal to Luo Feng and all charging at Luo Feng! And within 30 minutes, Luo Feng has to kill all 100 by himself?

“Messed up!”

“The first floor is so messed up. No wonder a few dozen out of the 182 members are still stuck here!” it wasn’t hard for Luo Feng to imagine how messed up the second floor, third floor, fourth floor, etc. would be. It’s quite incredible that ‘Hong’ reached the sixth floor using the exact same body he was using.

“My real life body isn’t too different from this virtual body, so I can get used to it quickly” Luo Feng moved around, swiftly dodged, jumped, and swung his ghost blade around to get used to this body.

Five minutes quickly passed!

“B grade exam, begin!” the electronic voice rang around the plains like thunder. At the same time, tons of burly cow type monsters that were three meters tall appeared 100 meters away. These are the cow type monsters that are famous for forming hordesһһraging bulls! They had long hair, curved, sharp horns, and bloodshot eyes.

“MOO”

All 100 raging bulls had a faint red color on their horns, as if there was blood on them. If these sharp horns hit Luo Feng, even if they don’t rip apart his battle uniform, all of his internal organs and bones will be crushed. Every single one of them is threatening!

MOO….MOO…

Along with the mooing sounds that rang across the grassy plains, all 100 low level commander level raging bulls trampled the grass below with all their hooves and charged at Luo Feng while snorting out air! The entire grassy plain started shaking.

“Other than the time at family mart, I’ve never faced so many low level commander level monsters before” Luo Feng himself wasn’t confident. No wonder this B grade exam was used to test the geniuses of geniuses of the world….. it’s so difficult it’s scary. If he had his spiritual force then he would be confident. But without his spiritual force?

“I can only go for it! A couple dozen people are still stuck on the first floor, which means over 100 people have passed it. I don’t believe that I won’t be able to pass this!” Luo Feng clenched his teeth. Since he’s already in this situation, what else can he do?

Give it everything he has!

100 raging bulls that were larger than tanks were charging.

RUMBLE~~ the ground shook.

The low level commander level raging bulls charged past the 100 meter distance with their speed that was beyond 100 m/s. Within a blink of an eye, fell into the sea-like horde!


Chapter 115: Brand New Future

Luo Feng stayed completely still as the horde of raging bulls charged at him. With his hexagonal shield in one hand and his ghost blade in the other, he calmly remained in position.

“RUMBLE~” the air the raging bulls snorted out emanated around. The first raging bull in front of the horde finally reached Luo Feng….. Luo Feng, who has been through who knows how many battles against monster hordes, had tons of experience. A nice step to the side and a flash of his ghost blade! Nine Stage Thunder Blade stage three, explosion of 2.1x the original force! Blood bursted out from the neck of the first raging bull.

“One!” Luo Feng’s eyes were ice cold and he was as calm as calm could be.

He stood directly in front of the monster horde and never messed up when the monsters tried to surround him!

“These raging bulls are quite large, larger than the average iron fur boar. They’re like a tank! Since they’re so huge, only two or three can attack me at the same time” Luo Feng was clear: he had to use the bodies of these raging bulls to block the other ones. He had to rotate around in the spaces available!

Time passed second by second.

Luo Feng’s intermediate level* technique was definitely almost perfect. He was able to accurately dodge around in the middle of the horde of raging bulls. Thankfully, Luo Feng has tons of experience with fighting in the middle of monster hordes. If he didn’t have any experience, it’ll be quite troublesome to deal with 100 low level commander level raging bulls.

Other than that, Luo Feng’s Nine Stage Thunder Blade has reached the third stage, giving him the ability to kill a raging bull in one attack!

31, 32, 33 – the kill count kept rising. The raging bulls jumped, leaped, and charged straight. Like a leaf, Luo Feng barely dodged all the attacks.

“Not good!”

One of the sharp horns grazed his face. At the same time, a raging bull corpse behind Luo Feng was also violently smashed into by the charging raging bull. Instantly, Luo Feng’s area of retreat was blocked off and, because of this mistake, the raging bulls from in front, behind, and above instantly surrounded Luo Feng! He’s in a nearly hopeless situation!

PENG!

In an instant, Luo Feng, like a raging bull, charged with the hexagonal shield on his left arm and smashed into a raging bull that was coming from the left.

RUMBLE~

The force of impact numbed Luo Feng’s left arm and his body couldn’t help but to step back a few times as he spit out a mouthful of fresh blood. As he stepped back, Luo Feng’s steps were distanced oddly and, with a sudden burst of acceleration, the cold light from his blade flashed.

CHING!

Like lightning, the blade drew across the hooves of one of the raging bulls charging from the air! After slashing the hoof off, it started to fall to the ground. At the same time, Luo Feng charged forward like lightning and instantly smashed the back of the ghost blade against the falling hoof. Like a cannon, the hoof flew into one of the raging bulls charging from behind!

An extremely chaotic struggle!

Keep in mind that all the raging bulls were charging at speeds of over 100 m/s. In an area less than 10 m2 and within 0.8 seconds, Luo Feng damaged three raging bulls and killed five of them. Even though he was heavily injured as a result, he was barely able to survive the dangerous situation.

“Even though a single strike from my blade is extremely powerful, I can’t deal with groups!” in the past, Luo Feng always strived for as much power as possible in a single strike. However, the more powerful a strike becomes, the longer it takes to withdraw the blade.

If Luo Feng is able to strike 10 times within a blink of an eye and kill all the surrounding raging bulls, then he wouldn’t even need to rely on his almost perfect intermediate level technique to dodge around; he can easily slaughter all the raging bulls! However, the precision required to attack 10 raging bulls charging at over 100 m/s within a blink of an eye was just too high.

CHI! Luo Feng didn’t dare to relax. Actually, ever since the 1.2 seconds he used to escape the #003 city’s family mart, he has had a few more experiences of the ‘perfect level’ technique.

Using the entire environment to assist you!

Man and environment come together as one!

“Just like this!” Since every raging bull was low level commander level, this pressure caused Luo Feng to perceive the surrounding environment as a single entity after the 70th kill. With this, Luo Feng had a clear sense of all the surrounding raging bull corpses and even the grass around him.

No need for intense, extreme use of the brain. Follow your instincts to profoundly use every single raging bull’s corpse to help you.

It has never been so relaxing! PU! PU! PU! The heads of the bulls flew up one by one; fresh blood sprayed around.

“Used 21 minutes and 18 seconds to kill all 100 raging bulls. B grade exam, you pass! Congratulations, student Luo Feng” as if a higher entity, the electronic sound rang across the entire grassy plains.

Only until now did Luo Feng wake up from his previous state and couldn’t help but to laugh bitterly: “How come there weren’t more raging bulls when I needed them” Luo Feng’s Nine Stage Thunder Blade includes the technique Liu Guang, so he clearly understood…..

Just how difficult it was to go from the intermediate level to perfect level! In the past, Luo Feng used his spiritual force to sense his surroundings. With luck, he would get a feel of the perfect level. However, he didn’t have any spiritual force in this virtual space and this monster horde, unlike real life, was made out of commander level monsters. Each and every single one of these monsters were threatening to Luo Feng, so he was pushed to his absolute limits!

He unknowingly stepped into the state of the ‘Perfect level’ technique and managed to maintain it for such a long time. Thanks to this, it’ll be easier for him to truly advance to the perfect level in the future. Sadly, Luo Feng was only given the chance to maintain it for a short duration, since it took him less than 5 minutes to kill the final 30 raging bulls. When the exam ended, Luo Feng came out of that state.

“Student Luo Feng, you will automatically leave the virtual space in five seconds. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1…..”



Elite training camp, ninth floor of the Nine Grand Floors

When Yang Hui and Luo Feng happily chatted as they left the training room, all sorts of genius fighters from all over the world looked towards them with surprisement in the lobby. One of the yellow skinned youth even asked: “Instructor, did he pass the exam?”

“He passed” smiled Yang Hui, “I’ll go finish the procedures. I’ll probably be done at around 1 PM. You guys can go train now”

Afterwards, every single person in the lobby either chatted with Luo Feng or discussed with each other; they were all extremely enthusiastic.

Luo Feng and Yang Hui left the Nine Grand Floors with umbrellas in their hands, since the sky was densely packed with clouds and rain was pouring.

“Even though there are only around 160 students here, all five countries, each family of the HR alliance, etc. are connected” said Yang Hui, “Luo Feng, if you aren’t disqualified from the elite training camp, then your future will surely be bright!”

“While in the training camp, extraordinary organizations, governments, and the families of the HR alliance will attempt to make you work for them….. money, women, all sorts of attractions will be used. However, you must keep in mind that the most important thing is your own strength!”

“Try to ignore those temptations. You only have one goalһһ”

“To raise your rank!”

“Including you, there are 183 students. Each of these students are extraordinary geniuses. You have to step over them and put yourself in a higher position!” said Yang Hui seriously.

Luo Feng nodded.

“Which numbers are you preparing to choose for your ID?” asked Yang Hui, “Today is March 29th, so you’ll officially enroll in the training camp on April 1st….. so, the first four numbers of your ID must be 5704. As for the last two digits, you can pick them since you’re the only person enrolling into the camp in April”

Luo Feng suddenly realized what those numbers next to the names on the black dragon’s scales represented.

The first name on the ranking he saw last time wasһһ NO.1 Reinatus Bridge (530321). Looks like this person joined the training camp on March of 2053. As of now, he’s been in camp for a whole four years.

“What two numbers are you going to pick?” asked Yang Hui.

“Uh…… 03!” answered Luo Feng.

The trouble caused by the dragon egg from #003 city and the price of 30 billion for an elixir of life made Luo Feng think that he had quite the affinity to the number 3.

“Okay” nodded Yang Hui, “Your student ID will be 570403. With that, the rest of the procedures will be completed quickly”

The 183rd name, NO. 183 Luo Feng (570403), appeared on the ranking on the sculpture of the black dragon in the world’s best training camp. The news of this instantly spread to all five countries and every single headquarter city. The armies of the government, the core nine families of the HR alliance, and dozens of other important families all received this news. On that day, all of these organizations received Luo Feng’s information! Everything from where he was born, how he lived in a cheap rented apartment…..

his family, etc. Everything was recorded.



China, Kyoto headquarter city, an underground building.

Floor B3.

An extremely elegantly decorated office room. A skinny man wearing a loose dojo uniform lightly tapped the table with one hand and flipped through documents containing Luo Feng’s information with the other.

“Contact the divisions in Jiang-Nan headquarter city and send people to watch Luo Feng’s family at all times. First, make sure that Luo Feng’s family never leaves Jiang-Nan headquarter city. Second, ensure Luo Feng’s family’s safety”

“I’ll never accept something like last time happening again!”

There was a mole on the chin of this skinny man and his eyes were gloomy and cold.

“Yes”

All the huge organizations, wealthy families, armies of the governments, etc. received all sorts of information about Luo Feng who just entered the elite training camp! At the same time, as director of the HR alliance in China, VeninaPaulinus naturally received this information too.



Jiang-Nan mountain water sector, a villa on the top of marvelous mountain.

“Venina, isn’t this Luo Feng one of our many suspects?” as he flipped through the documents, Vulture Li Yao instantly thought about the inconspicuous Luo Feng from the list of suspects.

“Yeah, when Wei died, Luo Feng was quite close to him” Venina shook her head, “However, he’s only 19 this year and is only a beginner level warlord. Our family is also trying to figure out a way to bring this Luo Feng under their name to work for us”

“How did he enter the elite training camp. Is it because he’s a spirit reader?” Li Yao’s cold eyes flashed.

“No, you’ll see after reading” Venina shook her head, “Yao, I think you’re becoming too sensitive after trying to find the suspect after all this time. Now you suspect almost everyone”


*TL note: oops, I forgot that I changed Ru Wei class into Intermediate level, so I’ll try to do that from now on (i left a note at the end of volume 4 chapter 27 and forgot about it)

**TL note: fixed


Chapter 116: Jiang-Nan Pagoda

“DRIP DRIP!” The rain drops dropped against the umbrella like flying ants.

Luo Feng held his umbrella as he walked by Yang Hui’s side. After walking through a manmade bridge, they arrived at a building complex. Yang Hui pointed not too far away: “Luo Feng, the one over there is Jiang-Nan pagoda. Jiang-Nan pagoda already has two students now. You will be the third student of Jiang-Nan pagoda”

“Jiang-Nan pagoda?” Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat and couldn’t help but to ask, “Instructor, how come it has the same name as Jiang-Nan headquarter city?”

Since he became an official student of the training camp, Yang Hui is now one of his instructors in the training camp.

Naturally, he’ll call Yang Hui, ‘Instructor’.

“Haha, they’re all based off the names of the headquarter cities. Jiang-Nan pagoda has two students living there, and they’re both from Jiang-Nan headquarter city. However, they all came before you” Yang Hui suddenly lowered his voice and mysteriously said, “I’ll tell you something. Right now, one of the two students living in Jiang-Nan pagoda is named Shi Jiang! He’s extremely powerful; even I don’t think I can beat him. If you improve your relationship with him, it’ll benefit you in the long run”

“Instructor, you are not even confident of beating him?” Luo Feng was astonished.

Yang Hui is an intermediate level wargod!

“Yea” nodded Yang Hui, “This Shi Jiang is within the ranking’s top five. Many students in this elite training camp already have wargod level strength. However, they just won’t accept the title of wargod! This way, they can continue to stay in the training camp. Actually, all top 30 students in the training camp virtually have wargod level strength”

Luo Feng blinked, all top 30 students have wargod level strength?

This is insane.

All of them are just faking their strength. Even though they can graduate, they purposefully stay in the camp to finish their five years.

“The top five students are all extremely messed up!” said Yang Hui deeply, “The elites from all over the world are extremely competitive, and those that can keep themselves in the top five….. When this Shi Jiang graduates, he’ll receive the highest amount of respect no matter where he goes!”

“For example, he can easily become the chairman of Jiang-Nan city’s Dojo of Limits if he wants to” said Yang Hui.

Luo Feng froze.

The chairman of Jiang-Nan city’s Dojo of Limits? This is the head of Jiang-Nan city’s Big Four!

“After his strength increases in a few years, it won’t be impossible for him to become an ‘examiner’ of our Dojo of Limits” Yang Hui sighed. Even though the difference between his strength and that Shi Jiang’s strength isn’t too large, Yang Hui is already around 50 years old. Shi Jiang, on the other hand, is only around 20 years old! That person’s future is limitless.

While still in shock, Luo Feng arrived at Jiang-Nan pagoda.

Jiang-Nan pagoda’s courtyard was only around a few dozen m2. The walls were white and had black tiles. There was even the engraving of a dragon on the wall.

After opening the gate.

There were three buildings within Jiang-Nan pagoda. When Luo Feng and Yang Hui walked into the courtyard, it was completely silent. Yang Hui directly yelled: “Shi Jiang, Zhao Ruo!”

A short haired girl wearing a large, loose nightgown was standing on the balcony of the second floor on the building to the left. A shadow jumped down from the building directly in front of them, which appeared to be a black dojo uniform wearing youth with an umbrella in hand.

Luo Feng closely examined this youth who was heartily praised by Yang Hui.

This youth was slightly taller than Luo Feng; around 1.7 meters tall. Even though he’s kind of short overall, he seemed quite buff, as if his entire body was forged out of steel. His eyes were reserved, but the occasional flash of them could easily scare people.

“He is Shi Jiang” Luo Feng silently noted.

“A new student came?” a happy voice came down from above. Zhao Ruo held her umbrella as she happily looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng looked at his senior. This senior named ‘Zhao Ruo’ had short hair and was quite small. The only thing wrong with her was that her skin was kind of black and her eyes were too small, causing her to fall short of a beautiful woman.

“His name is Luo Feng. From now on, he’ll be living with you guys in Jiang-Nan pagoda” said Yang Hui, “Shi Jiang, Zhao Ruo, both of you are his seniors. Luo Feng just arrived, so take care of him”

“No worries, leave it to me” Zhao Ruo thumped her chest in confidence, “With me here, he won’t be in trouble”

“Okay, then I’ll go first” laughed Yang Hui as he patted Luo Feng’s shoulder. After that, he directly left.



There were three buildings in total at Jiang-Nan pagoda. The one in the center was where Shi Jiang lived. The one to the left, the western side, was where Zhao Ruo lived. Naturally, Luo Feng will live in the building to the east.

“Luo Feng, sit, sit” Zhao Ruo was extremely passionate. Right now, the three of them were sitting in the lobby.

“I came here on year 55 while senior Shi Jiang came on year 53. Both of us came way earlier than you” smiled Zhao Ruo.

Shi Jiang also let out a smile on the side: “Man, 53, 55, 57. All three of us are exactly two years apart. Not only that, but we’re all from Jiang-Nan city. What a coincidence!”

Right when Shi Jiang spoke, Luo Feng felt that his voice was heavy and that he was a calm person overall.

“I’m from Jiang-Nan city’s Su city while senior Shi Jiang is from the main city sector. What about you, Luo Feng?” asked Zhao Ruo.

“From Yang Zhou city” said Luo Feng.

Shi Jiang laughed in surprise: “My grandfather is in Yang Zhou city!” The three of them all came from Jiang-Nan city. However, as for Shi Jiang and Zhao Ruo, one of them came to the ‘elite training camp’ after competing in the ‘basics training camp’ while the other was an elite in the government’s army and was sent here. Only Luo Feng was chosen as a regular fighter.

“Luo Feng, when you get to your room later, open the notebook provided to you by the training camp” notified Shi Jiang, “Inside the notebook is a ‘Student Notice’ PDF. Read that carefully”

“Yea, that thingy is really important” followed Zhao Ruo.

“The most important thing is your score!” reminded Zhao Ruo, “In the training camp, your ranking is the most important thing! You probably saw that ‘black dragon ranking’ in the entrance right”

“I saw it” nodded Luo Feng.

There seemed to be only one Chinese person in the top three.

“The higher your score is, the higher your rank will be in the black dragon ranking! From the 1st to the 28th of every month is the time to increase your score. The 29th of every month is the day where the ranking is reorganized! Next month, everyone’s score is reset to zero. At that time, everyone works hard for raise their score again to raise their ranking” explained Zhao Ruo.

Luo Feng froze.

This ranking is reset every month!

“Seniors, where does this score come from?” asked Luo Feng.

“Points come from ‘battle points’ multiplied by the ‘battle ability amplifier’” explained Zhao Ruo, “For example, you’re going to start raising your score in April. If your total battle points from April 1stһһ28th is 2,000 and your battle ability amplifier is 1.8, then your score will be 2,000 x 1.8, which is 3,600! After that, the ranking is organized based on highest to lowest battle score”

The more Luo Feng listened the more confused he became.

What are these battle points and battle ability amplifier?

“Battle points are earned from hunting monsters! As for the detailed situation, read the ‘Student Notice’ PDF later and you’ll know” explained Zhao Ruo, “As for the ‘battle ability amplifier’, you earn that from the virtual space. Again, you’ll understand the details after reading the student notice.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to blink in helplessness.

He has to figure out everything himself from the student notice…..

“Luo Feng!” Shi Jiang finally spoke.

“Senior” Luo Feng looked towards Shi Jiang.

“Remember, if you want to improve faster, you have to work hard to raise your ranking every month. The higher the better” said Shi Jiang seriously, “This ranking is related to how many resources you’ll receive. Even wargods are envious of these resources, which is also why many wargod students are still staying here”

Zhao Ruo grinned on the side: “For example, our senior Shi Jiang”

Shi Jiang was speechless.

Zhao Ruo giggled. Luo Feng laughed too.



Jiang-Nan pagoda, Luo Feng’s room.

Not too long after turning on his notebook, Luo Feng sat on his chair while carefully reading the ‘student notice’.

“Training room? Provoking room? Gravity room? All three of these training rooms were made out of discoveries from the archaeological ruins”

With this, Luo Feng discovered more and more about the elite training camp. There are tons of equipment available, but of course, the most valuable equipment are the archaeological ones.

And the most important thing in the training camp is theһһscore ranking! From high to low, this affects many things. For example, the ‘gravity room’ made out of archaeological discoveries is way more effective than the copied gravity rooms the earth currently has. However…..there’s only one ‘training room’ of this type in the entire camp. Who gets to use it? This depends on the ranking.

The higher your rank, the longer you get to use it! And this is just one point!

“If you collectively stay in 1st place nine times, you will receive one portion of dragon blood worth 80 billion and can pick any three complete instruction manuals. You can also become a direct pupil of ‘Hong’ or ‘Thunder God’”

“If you collectively stay in 1st place six times, you will receive one drop of chrysoprase worth 30 billion and can pick any one complete instruction manual. You can also receive one private lesson from either ‘Hong’ or ‘Thunder God’”

Luo Feng was dumbfounded as he read what was described in the PDF file.

Dragon blood? Become Hong or Thunder God’s pupil? And the pupil decides his teacher?

Any three complete instruction manuals?

Keep in mind that the price for an ultimate instruction manual is extremely high.

“Messed up, messed up. But all these rewards are for the person in first place, and you have to stay in first place multiple times” Luo Feng continued to read.

“Fist strength level 6, eligible to receive a portion of dragon blood worth 80 billion, SS battle uniform set, full weapon set…..”

“Fist strength level 5, eligible to receive…..”

Luo Feng read the rewards and was completely astonished.

“Tower of trials floor 5, eligible to receive the title of ‘investigator’ of the Dojo of Limits, a portion of dragon blood worth 80 billion, SS battle uniform set, full weapon set, any three complete instruction manuals, one set of Black God from the archaeological ruins”

Clearly, the tower of trials gave the highest rewards.

Investigator! Normally, that’s an existence that surpasses the wargod level. And a set of ‘Black God’ from the archaeological ruins? What’s that thing?

Luo Feng’s heart couldn’t help but to beat faster. However, once he thought about the scene from the B grade exam just now, he felt immense pressure.

He was only taking a test on the first floor and had to deal with 100 low level commander level raging bulls! And that’s probably not even the hardest thing on the first floor.

Above that are the second, third, fourth…. floors.

Even the wargod ‘Yang Hui’, who has plenty of experience, can only barge into the third floor! And the world’s strongest fighter ‘Hong’ only reached the sixth floor! It’s not hard to imagine just how difficult it is to reach the fifth floor.

No wonder they offered such shockingly high rewards.


Chapter 117: Explosion of Strength

Tower of trials floor 5, eligible to receive the title of ‘investigator’…

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to reread the part about the archaeological ‘Black God’ set.

What exactly is this ‘Black God’ set?

Envious! So envious! Even a country has to deal with an investigator with caution.

In other words….. if you reach the fifth floor of the tower of trials, your authority on this world will shoot up to the sky! You also get a mysterious archaeological ‘Black God’ set.

Even though Luo Feng didn’t know what that was, he could guess that it was something really good!



Soon enough, Luo Feng finished reading the student notice file. From what Luo Feng read, the three most important things in the training camp were–tower of trials level, fist strength level, and the black dragon ranking!

“So that’s where the points come from”

Battle score comes from ‘battle points’ multiplied by the ‘battle ability amplifier’. And battle points are simple, since there’s only one way to get them–hunt monsters.

One low level commander level monster equals 1 battle point

One medium level commander level monster equals 10 battle points.

One high level commander level monster equals 100 battle points.

One low level horde leader level monster equals 1,000 battle points.

Of course, in the elite training camp, very few would bother hunting low level horde leader level monsters even if they had the ability to kill them! Since after you kill two low level horde leaders, your ranking will raise to the ‘wargod level’ rank, which means you’ll graduate and leave the training camp.

Students are rarely willing to leave.

And the ‘battle ability amplifer’ is quite simple too: your ‘fist strength level’ multiplied by your ‘tower of trials level’.

For example–

If someone has 1,000 battle points, a fist strength level of 1.5, and a tower of trials level of 2, then their battle ability amplifier is 3. As a result, their battle score will be 1,000 x 3 = 3,000!

“The training camp takes fist strength level and tower of trials level quite seriously. If your battle ability amplifier is just slightly higher, then your score will be huge” Luo Feng finished this student notice PDF file and then picked out some video lessons from this notebook provided by the training camp.

There are many wargod instructors in the training camp to teach lessons.

However, the training camp was clear that many of these world geniuses have quite odd personalities and wouldn’t be willing to go to class properly. Because of this, they have ‘video lessons’, where they record every single class. All these recordings are inside every student’s notebook!

Of course…… if you actually go to class, then you can directly ask the teacher questions and let the teacher instruct you one on one.

The efficiency would be way higher than watching a video lesson.

“However, I’ve never been to a wargod’s lesson before, so I should start by watching these video lessons” Luo Feng carefully looked at the file names.

The levels of technique were similarly divided into–Basic level, Intermediate level, Perfect level, and Conception level. Luo Feng opened several videos about these four main levels. Most of them were talking about the intermediate level, since the perfect level was clearly very hard for the teachers to describe in words.

You need to experience it for yourself; it’s extremely difficult to teach.

And the conception level is even harder to express in words.



4:35 PM.

Luo Feng was still sitting in front of his notebook and watching a video about how to use your strength.

“Teacher, my fist strength can reach 1.8x my normal strength. However, my legs can only reach 1.5x my normal strength. Teacher, you said that your legs can explode in strength in the same matter that your fists can. How come my multipliers are different then?”

In the video, a black youth asked a question. The video’s language was set to Chinese, so Luo Feng could naturally understand what was going on.

In the video, a white brute smiled as he said: “You have to experience this for yourself! Carefully think about how your fist exerts its strength and then go back and train your legs! You already reached 1.5x, which shows that you are improving. You have to rely on yourself for the rest. I can only show you the way”

BOOM!

As if struck by lightning, Luo Feng sat in front of his laptop dumbfounded. After that, he let out a face of immense joy, slapped his head, and jumped up: “I’m really stupid. I’m so, so stupid. I can’t believe I couldn’t even realize such a simple thing!”

“Holy, I can’t believe I never realized this problem!”

“Yea, if your fists can exert their strength in a certain way, then naturally, your legs can do so too!” Luo Feng’s body was slightly shaking, “Through the Nine Stage Thunder Bladetechnique, my strength can reach 2.8x of my normal strength! However, my sprinting speed has always remained at a normal beginner level warlord level’s speed!”

“I can’t believe I didn’t realize that since I can send the force through my arms, I can send it to my legs too!”

Luo Feng laughed bitterly.

The concept was simple. Advanced fighters could explode their strength after skillfully controlling it. Naturally, your legs can do so too! Luo Feng just never connected those two ideas after all this time.

“Regular fighters aren’t spirit readers, so they can’t use spiritual force to increase their speed!”

“If so, then how would fighters training the Nine Stage Thunder Blade fight against higher ranked fighters if they only have powerful attacks? A beginner level warlord probably can’t even keep up with an advanced level warlord’s shadow!” Luo Feng can fight against fighters of a higher rank because of the support of his spiritual force.

“I’m dumb”

“The force exertions of the Nine Stage Thunder Bladecan be used on the legs just like they can be used on the arms. With this, both legs will become super powerful and fast! Only by keeping up in power and speed can you fight fighters of a higher rank.

Luo Feng’s eyes were shining.

“I can reach 2.8x of my normal strength. In other words, after my legs reach 2.8x, my speed will fly up!” to the true advanced fighters, speed is more important than power. If your speed is way greater than your opponent’s, he’ll be playing in the palm of your hand.

“Speed! I need to increase my speed!”

Luo Feng couldn’t bother to continue watching the video lesson and immediately shut his notebook and charged downstairs.


Every student’s building had a training room in the basement. This underground training room was made out of Ke-Luo alloy, so students can train to their hearts desire.

In Luo Feng’s building’s underground training room.

“PA!”

After turning on the lights, the light shone through the various tiny holes in the Ke-Luo alloy ceiling, brightening up the entire room. The underground training room was around 2.5 m high, 5 m long, and 5 m wide. The walls were all dark green. Clearly, these alloys weren’t pure Ke-Luo alloy; they had other materials mixed in too.

On the Ke-Luo alloy floor, various dents made by fists and feet could be seen. These were left behind by previous students.

“HU” Luo Feng ferociously charged forward and exerted his strength into his fist and directly punched at the Ke-Luo alloy wall.

BOOM!

At the end of February, Luo Feng’s fist strength neared 10,000 kg. Now it’s the end of March. In the time of one month, Luo Feng’s fist strength increased by a ton: his fist strength reached 11,500 kg, which clearly showed he was improving at a faster rate compared to the previous months. Under the explosion of 2.8x, it surpasses 30,000 kg! In other words, one punch from him surpasses 30 tons.

The alloyed wall slightly shook. A faint, 1 cm dent was made by his fist.

Clearly, Luo Feng was still very weak compared to the seniors that used to live here. Those seniors probably had wargod level power!

“I’ll check out my legs’ strength!” Luo Feng started using the force exertion technique from the Nine Stage Thunder Blade.

First attempt of the first stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade!

One extra exertion of force on top of the original force.

“PU!” “PU!” Luo Feng’s right leg blurred as it continuously kicked. “There’s some feeling”

“Yea, send out the force”

“Just like this!”

Since Luo Feng already reached the Nine Stage Thunder Blade’s third stage, it was easy for him to reach 1.4x of the force in his leg. With that, Luo Feng started swiftly charging back and forth like lightning in this narrow 25 m2 room. While also doing swift horizontal dodges to the left and right, he began his swift technique training.

When fighting in a real battle, your body has to constantly change directions. Sending out 1.4x of the force constantly is much more difficult than just using your original strength.

After 20 minutes, Luo Feng’s two legs were completely used to exploding 1.4x of his normal strength over and over again!

Luo Feng is already able to explode 2.8x of his normal strength when swinging his blade over and over again. He already has the experience, so now he just has to apply that experience to his legs. The only thing he needs is time to get used to it.

…..

Next is the second stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, attempt to let both legs reach 2.1x of the normal strength.

……

“Luo Feng! Aren’t you working a bit too hard? Bitterly training in the underground training room on the first day? It’s almost 8 PM. Tonight, our Chinese brothers and sisters are going to hold a banquet to welcome you” senior Zhao Ruo’s voice came from outside.

Inside the training room.

Luo Feng, whose excitement couldn’t be hidden, finally stopped with his body completely drenched in sweat.

“It’s almost 8? I entered the underground training room at around 4. Who would’ve known that around three hours already passed” Luo Feng was extremely joyful inside, “In three hours, my leg are pretty much set. I can continuously maintain them at 2.1x when dodging nonstop. As for 2.8x, that’ll probably take some more time”

Luo Feng immediately charged out of the underground training room.

“Senior, I’m going to go wash first and change clothes. I’ll be right back” said Luo Feng.

At this time, the rain already stopped. Shi Jiang and Zhao Ruo in the courtyard couldn’t help but to shake their heads as they laughed after seeing Luo Feng drenched in sweat.

“This Luo Feng is pretty hardworking” complimented Shi Jiang as he laughed.

“Well yea, but this guy kept bitterly training until 7:30 in the underground training room even though the banquet starts at 8” said Zhao Ruo helplessly. She wasn’t too surprised though, since virtually everyone in this training camp was extremely hard working. However, there aren’t too many people like Luo Feng who start bitterly training in the underground training room on the first day they arrive at the camp.

…..

After washing up, Luo Feng put on some relaxing casual clothes and stood in front of the bathroom’s mirror with a bright smile on his face: “Mirror, oh mirror. I’m sure that I’ll reach 2.8x soon enough. When that happens, my speed will multiply! With such an increase in speed, how far can I reach in the tower of trials?”

What does it mean to double your speed? It’ll be scary to see how much your strength increases as a result. If Luo Feng combines his doubled speed with his technique that’s at the intermediate level and reaching the gates of the perfect level to the B grade exam, then Luo Feng would be able to take out those 100 raging bulls with no trouble.

“Okay, time to participate in the banquet! Let me take a look at all those geniuses from China” Luo Feng smiled at the mirror and then turned around and swiftly headed downstairs.

With seniors Shi Jiang and Zhao Ruo, they left Jiang-Nan pagoda and headed towards the camp’s gathering of those from China.


Chapter 118: Rookie

8 PM, second floor of restaurant #1 in the elite training camp. A full 21 students from China have gathered here, just to welcome Luo Feng’s arrival! People are quite passionate with others from the same country, so many seniors were happily chatting and drinking with Luo Feng.

One hour later.

“Phew, I’m finally let off” Luo Feng held his glass and stood in a corner.

“This banquet was prepared for you. You’re the main character, so of course everyone will find you to chat and drink with” Zhao Ruo’s face was slightly red. Under the light of the room, she seemed quite charming, “And Luo Feng, senior Zhu Qiang paid for this banquet tonight. Do you know how much this banquet will cost?”

Luo Feng shook his head: “All of these dishes taste extremely great, but I can’t guess how much they’ll cost. However, even if the cost is up at the sky, probably around a million Chinese dollars right?”

How expensive could eating and drinking be?

“A million? Nice joke!” Zhao Ruo lowered her voice, “The chefs at the elite training camp are the world’s best. Also, many of these dishes were made out of monster materials, so this banquet for 21….. would cost at least 10 million”

Luo Feng blinked twice.

“Don’t complain about the price! You can’t even eat certain things around the world with just money!” Zhao Ruo shook her head, “However, this bit of money really is nothing for senior Zhu Qiang. In our training camp, if any top 10 student is willing to join an organization, they’ll definitely receive tons of money!”

“Zhu Qiang joined some organization?” Luo Feng asked with surprise.

When he arrived yesterday, Zhu Qiang appeared to be rank 2 on the black dragon ranking. Someone who can be ranked second, even if it’s just temporary, is probably quite scary.

“Zhu Qiang was pulled over by our Chinese army. Everyone knew of this since last year” Zhao Ruo whispered, “And I even heard that the Dojo of Limits is trying to get Zhu Qiang on their side too. Even certain organizations within China are fighting over him. Apparently, the army prepared a special division. After Zhu Qiang graduates, he’ll become the leader of this entire division!”

Luo Feng gasped in shock.

An army established a special division just to welcome Zhu Qiang?

“Well, there’s no helping it. Zhu Qiang really is strong” sighed Zhao Ruo, “He can easily stay within the top 5. In the training camp, 10 people have the ability to reach the top 5 in terms of pure strength! However, only one or two people can consistently stay within the top 5 over time”

Luo Feng nodded to show he understood.

The black dragon ranking ranks people based off of battle score. Even if the powerful people are ranked higher, the ranking cannot rank people with 100% accuracy! If I charge into the top 5 this month, someone with similar skill could charge into the top 5 next month. Everyone’s strength isn’t too different at that point.

So that’s why…… there are 10 people with the ability to enter the top 5.

Those who can stay in the top 5 for an extended period of time are the scary ones.

“The government is definitely going to pay Zhu Qiang a gigantic amount of money every year” sighed Zhao Ruo, “In our training camp, there are three types of people with tons of money….. First, people like Zhu Qiang who are extremely powerful and joined some special organization. Second, someone who joined one of the core families of the HR alliance. Third, spirit readers!”

“However, people of the second category who join the core families of the HR alliance are pretty dumb. Even though they have money, how can their power compare to armies of the government? The Dojo of Limits? The Thunder Dojo?”

“And as for the third category, spirit readers. Sigh, nothing we can do about that. With their spiritual force, hunting monsters is like harvesting wheat! The amount of materials they receive every day is astonishing. Just with this, they earn a crazy amount of money! The amount of money a single spirit reader can earn is comparable to ten of us!”

Luo Feng laughed.

As a spirit reader himself, of course he was clear on how quickly spirit readers could make money! An intermediate level warlord, like Gao Feng, only made 200 to 300 million last year. And advanced level warlords would be lucky to make around a billion a year. As for Luo Feng, an advanced level warlord level spirit reader, it wouldn’t be weird for him to make nearly 10 billion a year.

Even better than a beginner level wargod!

Advanced level warlord level spirit readers rival a beginner level wargod in strength. With their spiritual force, they can hunt monsters with higher efficiency.

“These three types of people are the people with the most money in our training camp” mumbled Zhao Ruo.

“Luo Feng!” a clear sound rang.

Luo Feng and Zhao Ruo turned their heads. What they saw was a tall youth whose face looked like it was carved with an axe. Indeed, he’s the legendary figure of the training camp–Zhu Qiang!

“Senior Zhu Qiang” laughed Zhao Ruo as she yelled, “You guys chat”. As she said that, she obediently left.

Luo Feng and Zhu Qiang stood in the corner.

“Luo Feng” Zhu Qiang glanced at the other people and then lowered his voice, “Our Chinese army is quite interested in you. Not sure if you have any interest in joining the army?”

“The army?” Luo Feng froze.

He just joined the elite training camp and people are already trying to pull him over?

“Indeed!” Zhu Qiang took a sip of wine, “No worries, the army isn’t stingy at all. They’ll treat you based off of your strength after you graduate the camp! When you become stronger, they’ll treat you with more respect! As for the details, we can slowly discuss that later. Also, if you agree to join….. then for the five years you remain in the camp, the army will fund you with 5 billion a year”

Luo Feng’s heart beated slightly faster.

“Five billion?”

If he wasn’t a spirit reader, then he wouldn’t be efficient in hunting monsters. For example, a beginner wargod would have lots of trouble successfully hunting a low level horde leader monster! So it’s pretty good for a beginner level wargod to earn 5 billion a year. And wargods also spend an astonishingly high amount, so many wargods need money!

Dragon blood, elixir of life, SS grade battle uniform…..

Which one of these isn’t astronomically expensive?

Many wargods can’t afford these.

For example, the battle uniform set that Luo Feng earned back at the steel armored dragon’s nest only had a SS grade vest. Clearly, the wargod who passed away couldn’t afford the entire SS grade set and only bought the most important part.

“Senior, I just entered the training camp, so I’m not planning on joining any organization. I’ll think about it a few years later” said Luo Feng.

“Oh?” Zhu Qiang was surprised, “Alright, your way of thinking is right too. These five years are the most important five years to raise your strength. If you ever decide to join the Chinese army, just let me know”

…..

On this night, Luo Feng received six invitations! Three of the organizations were inside China. Only after receiving these invitations did Luo Feng know….. other than the army, there were other special organizations. However, the army is more powerful than all of them.

As for the other three invitations, two of them came from the core families of the HR alliance while another came from a mercenary group called the ‘Flame Legion’.

There are quite a few mercenary groups on this world.

However, while many of them are quite average in terms of strength, some of them are extremely powerful!

Both ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’ have one headquarter city and have spread both of their dojos all over their world. Their power isn’t inferior to a country’s.

They are the two major figures on earth.

There are other ambitious people on earth who wish to establish a power of their own! For example, the ‘Flame Legion’ was created by two existences that have surpassed the wargod level. Their mercenary group is extremely powerful and invited by several African headquarter cities to assist them.

However…..

Luo Feng rejected all six invitations!



March 30th, morning. The temperature was very low.

Quite a few students were running or walking in the training camp; Luo Feng was one of those students too.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng”

While walking on the stone paved road, Luo Feng, who was wearing a black training uniform, turned his head back in surprise. He saw a blonde, short haired youth smile as he walked over. With his especially accented Chinese, one word was all that was needed to determine that a foreigner was the one speaking.

“My name is William, WilliamEdison, from the EU” said the blonde youth passionately.

William?

Luo Feng mumbled to himself, this name is just like Russia’s ‘Alexander’, United States’ ‘David’, and China’s ‘Wang Wei’ and ‘Zhang Wei’; all of these names are so common that they can’t become any more common.

“William? Nice to meet you” smiled Luo Feng.

“I’ve always been curious about China” said the blonde youth, William, passionately, “And in the training camp, there are many geniuses from China. And Luo Feng, you entered this camp alone, so I really want to have a practice match with you to test our strength. I wonder if you are willing to grant my request”

Luo Feng froze: “Practice match?”

“Yea, we can do it at the battle room, is that okay?” asked the blonde youth, William, passionately.

“Battle room?” the contents of the ‘student notice’ that Luo Feng read immediately came to mind. This battle room is also one of the things from the archaeological ruins. After entering the battle room, the two people enter the ‘virtual space’ via the brain computer interfaces and then start a battle to the death!

Usually, these battles have stakes!

“Let’s not bet too much, how about one billion Chinese dollars?” the smile of the blonde youth, William, became even more passionate and bright.

“William!”

A tender voice rang.

Luo Feng turned his head and saw Zhao Ruo wearing a purple training uniform. Her face was full of rage as she yelled: “William, how can you be so shameless! Luo Feng just came here and is still a rookie, and now you’re challenging him to a staked match in the battle room? You filthy people secretly found some rookies at the beginning of March and challenged them to some staked matches to get their money! If you’re so great, why don’t you bet with me!”

“Lady Zhao Ruo, this has nothing to do with you, doesn’t it? There is no problem, I believe that Luo Feng is very powerful. Maybe I’ll lose to him” William looked towards Luo Feng.

Zhao Ruo turned towards Luo Feng: “Luo Feng, don’t trust this foreign devil. Some people in the training camp are just sneaky and always pick on the rookies. They wouldn’t dare to do it out in the open, so they do it through staked matches…… And virtually all the rookies lose those matches and their money. Only until then do the rookies realize the strength of the seniors! This foreign devil has a battle ability amplifier of ‘intermediate’. Even though that’s not high, it’s not low either. Most rookies aren’t his opponent”

“Just a billion”

The blonde youth, William looked towards Luo Feng, “If you just join any organization, you’ll earn even more than this in a year, I’m sure”

Luo Feng completely understood what was going on. Some people pick on the rookies who don’t understand everything yet and passionately drag them to the battle rooms to cruelly snatch their cash away.

“It’s William!” a Chinese youth ran over here. This Chinese youth was named Jiang Chen, who Luo Feng met yesterday in the banquet, “Luo Feng, don’t bet with him! This guy is extremely devious. I just joined the training camp on March 1st and was tricked by him on the first day I arrived. He took a bunch of my cash from that”

“****!”

William’s face wasn’t looking too good at the moment. Initially, he just wanted to find a chance where he could talk to Luo Feng alone, but who would’ve known that so many people would come and destroy his plan.

“Alright, if you want to bet, we can” Luo Feng smiled as he looked at him.

“Luo Feng” Zhao Ruo and Jiang Chen looked at him with astonishment.

“Oh” William let out a face of unexpected happiness, “Luo Feng, let’s arrange a time”

“However, one billion is just too little, so I’m not interested. Let’s make it slightly bigger, five billion!” Luo Feng glanced at William, “If you wanna play, then let’s go. If you’re too scared, then nevermind”

Zhao Ruo and Jiang Chen widened their eyes.

“5 billion?” William froze too.


Chapter 119: Challenge

A beginner wargod’s one year of hard work could only earn him around 5 billion. Even though these geniuses of the elite training camp have extremely bright futures and receive money from all sorts of different organizations, 5 billion is still quite a large number. Usually, only spirit readers or students with high ranking use such high stakes when challenging each other.

Of course, there are unexpected situations too. For example, when two people argue and get into the mood, they could raise the stakes to an extraordinarily high amount!

“5 billion?” William squinted and carefully examined Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng……” Zhao Ruo and Jiang Chen looked at Luo Feng with surprise.

“If you’re too scared then nevermind” Luo Feng shook his head, “Senior Zhao Ruo, Jiang Chen, let’s go”. Zhao Ruo and Jiang Chen woke up from their astonishment by now and immediately laughed as they went with Luo Feng. Jiang Chen even sneered at William before he left. Because of William, he lost a ton of money.

Seeing how Luo Feng was about to leave.

“Wait” yelled William.

“What, not scared anymore?” Luo Feng looked at William, “5 billion. Not playing if it’s lower”

“Alright, 5 billion, I’ll do this” even though he had trouble with the Chinese tones, it was clear from William’s eyes that he was going to go for this with everything he had.

“Alright, nice!” Luo Feng laughed.

“Say a time” William was full of confidence.

“Tomorrow” said Luo Feng.

It’s hard to say an exact time, since there’s only one battle room. It might be in use by other students, so you have to check the computer system first before you can arrange for an exact time.

“Alright” William rubbed his nose, laughed, and then turned and left.


Jiang-Nan pagoda.

After hearing of this, senior Shi Jiang, who went to the Nine Grand Floors to train, immediately rushed back to Jiang-Nan pagoda. No matter what, Shi Jiang and Zhao Ruo were like Luo Feng, all from China’s Jiang-Nan headquarter city! Not only that, but they’re older than him and entered this training camp earlier than he did.

Naturally, they would help Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng” Zhao Ruo was a bit angry, “Why would you bet with him? Do you think you’re a genius fighter with amazing power who can’t lose to anyone in the same age group as you? Is that why you’re confident?”

“You’re just being cocky!”

Zhao Ruo said angrily, “Many people who just entered the training camp are tricked into doing these ‘staked matches’ with the seniors. 80 to 90 percent of them lose…… you can enter this training camp because you’re a genius of geniuses. So which one of us here isn’t a genius of geniuses? And they have been learning in this training camp for a long time”

“Alright, Zhao Ruo” Shi Jiang spoke on the side.

“Senior Zhao Ruo” Luo Feng laughed as he poured his tea, “Don’t be angry. Oh yea, you said that William has a battle ability amplifier of ‘intermediate’ right?”

“Yea” Zhao Ruo froze.

“Looks like Luo Feng is prepared” Shi Jiang looked at Luo Feng with astonishment.

While battling to the death in the virtual space, the two people have the exact same body fitness levels. So at this time, you’ll have to see how they handle their strength, speed, technique, etc.

The battle ability amplifier equals ‘fist strength level’ multiplied by ‘tower of trials level’.

A battle ability amplifier of 1—-2 is beginner. Many of the students who just entered the training camp are in that range.

Battle ability amplifier of 2—-4 is intermediate. In the elite training camp, many people are able to step into the intermediate level after 1.5 years of training. That person named ‘William’ is precisely intermediate.

Battle ability amplifier of 4—-8 is advanced. These count as passing students in the elite training camp.

Battle ability amplifier of 8—-16 is superior. This is the marker of an ‘excellent student’. Because the range of 8—-16 is quite large, the gap between people who are all at the superior level could be quite large.

Battle ability amplifer of above 16 is extraordinary! Also called the ‘super level’, even the world’s strongest fighter ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’ would be fighting over taking a person like this as their disciple. All the countries and organizations of the world would be willing to pay enormous sums to invite these so called ‘Legendary’ figures.

“Hehe, a bit” Luo Feng laughed.

“If you’re confident, then it’s all good” Shi Jiang punched Luo Feng in the chest and encouraged, “Let that William know that us Chinese can’t be taken advantage of that easily”

“Okay. Seniors, I need to go train now. There’s no helping it, now that 5 billion is on the line, I’m under lots of pressure” said Luo Feng purposefully.

“Pressure my ass” said Zhao Ruo with a hmph, ” ‘1 billion is just too little’ and ‘5 billion. Not playing if it’s any lower’. Hehe, that tone was boss”. Luo Feng laughed bitterly at Zhao Ruo’s words. How is this Zhao Ruo like a girl at all, she’s way too bold.

Luo Feng immediately said: “Seniors, you guys do what you need to do”

After saying that……

Luo Feng immediately returned to his living quarters. On the day of the 30th, other than to eat, Luo Feng stayed in his underground training room and underwent his speed training! He started at noon and trained all the way until around 7 PM. Only until then could he use the 2.8x force brought by the Nine Stage Thunder Blade’s third stage in his legs as much as he pleased.

With the third stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, Luo Feng’s speed, without the aid of his spiritual force, rivals an ‘advanced level warlord’!

……

8 PM.

After washing up, Luo Feng, who was wearing a bathrobe, was sitting in front of his notebook.

“That William guy has a battle ability amplifier of intermediate, which is 2–4! What about me? My fist strength level should be 2.8”. Even though he didn’t test it in the training camp, this so called fist strength level is basically how high your power can go based off your original strength.

He can explode 2.8x the force, so his fist strength level is 2.8!

As for the tower of trials level, according to what I heard from the many discussions my fellow students were having in the training camp, 100 raging bulls should count as the first floor’s B grade. Since I passed, my tower of trials level is 1.6!

“My tower of trials level definitely, isn’t just 1.6, but just 2.8 x 1.6 already makes my battle ability amplifier surpass 4”

“He’s trying to pick on my inexperience?”

“Hmph, even though I haven’t been in the wilderness for long, I’ve already killed more monsters than many fighters would ever kill in their entire life” Luo Feng opened his email.

This notebook, which the training camp provided, was connected to the training camp’s network.

In the email was a message.

“Letter of challenge?”

This ‘William’s Letter of Challenge’ was sent after he applied to the training camp’s computer system.

“Accept!” Luo Feng made his decision.

It’s not enough to just reply to this email; you also have to prepare 5 billion Chinese dollars and send it to the special account of the ‘Challenge System’! Only after William and Luo Feng both deposit their money into this special account can this match be organized.

At that time, only Luo Feng and William will have permission to enter the battle room!

Both payments automatically enter the winner’s account.

“Just 5 billion isn’t it?” Luo Feng took out 5 billion from his Swiss nameless account and directly deposited it into the training camp’s special account.

“In the past, I wouldn’t dare to move this amount of money without thinking twice. However, now that I entered the training camp….. which organization isn’t willing to pay an astronomical price for me?” Luo Feng isn’t worried that Vulture and Scorpion’s suspicions will raise after the money is transferred to his normal account.

There’s no way that they would be suspicious.

It’s normal for students in the training camp to have over 10 billion in their accounts!

“BEEP!”

An email arrived.

Luo Feng opened it.

“Such high efficiency. It already determined the date? March 31st, 11:15 AM?”


In another pagoda.

A few white men and women were gathered together.

“He already transferred the money over. The date is tomorrow at 11:15 AM” said William Edison. A tall, skinny blonde youth beside him couldn’t help but to say: “William, you’re too careless. This is 5 billion Chinese dollars…… I think there’s something dangerous is going on this time”

“Candace, what’re you worrying about?” William’s gaze was cold, “I’ll definitely win this time”

“You have a higher probability of winning” the blonde youth named Candace nodded, “If this Luo Feng’s strength greatly surpasses the average rookie that enters the elite training camp, he would’ve entered much earlier; he wouldn’t have waited until now. This shows that he isn’t much stronger than the average rookie”

“However, he dared to propose a bet of 5 billion” Candace frowned, his eyebrows were like two sharp blades, “I think you should still be careful”

“Candace, you’re the #1 successor of the Paulinus family, you don’t have to care so much about a measly 5 billion bet. Also, it’s just Chinese dollars, not euros” laughed a brunette girl on the side.

…..

WilliamEdison, from the EU, has challenged the rookie Luo Feng from China!

The wager is 5 billion Chinese dollars!

This news spread through the entire training camp like a hurricane. A wager of 5 billion, and against a rookie! These two points caused many students to come to the Nine Grand Floors on the 31st.

March 31, 11:10 AM.

Nine Grand Floors, ninth floor.

Around 45 students were gathered here. There were people from the EU, America, China, Russia, etc…. basically, people from all six countries have arrived. Even some rookies that just joined this year rushed over here too. Some of the rookies in that group were picked on before.

“5 billion Chinese dollars, isn’t that just around 40 billion Rubles? What a wager”

“I wonder if William or that rookie will win”

The large nosed white youths mumbled on the side. From their language and looks, one could tell that they were from Russia. In today’s world, one earth dollar equals 3.5 Chinese dollars, which equals 30 Rubies.

“WilliamEdison, Luo Feng, enter the battle room!”

An electronic sound reverberated in the lobby of the ninth floor.

Luo Feng and William exchanged looks and headed towards the training room.

“William, beat that kid” yelled CandacePaulinus.

“Luo Feng, you better beat him to death. If you win, your senior will cook for you personally” Zhao Ruo was also yelling. Many students were supporting each side, since this battle was a battle of senior vs rookie, and also the first EU vs China exchange. In this training camp, the students were extremely competitive.

KA!

The door to the battle room opened. Luo Feng and William both entered.

Luo Feng scanned the room. This battle room had virtually the exact same layout as the training room; there were two sofas and two dark blue helmets here too.

“Luo Feng, thanks for the free 5 billion” William slightly smiled as he lay on the sofa.

“I hope you won’t cry later” Luo Feng also lay on the sofa.

Whoosh!

Both of them put on their dark blue helmets at virtually the same time.


Chapter 120: Battle in the Gymnasium

There was only one building in the infinite silver land–a stage!

Whoosh! Whoosh!

A yellow skinned youth and a white skinned youth appeared out of thin air on the stage; they were precisely Luo Feng and William.

“Please select your weapon and battle uniform set” a huge sound reverberated around the entire land. At the same time, a gigantic amount of weapons and armor appeared in front of Luo Feng, just like the time at the tower of trials. Luo Feng skillfully selected the ghost blade, hexagonal shield, and a battle uniform set that fit his size.

The two of them swiftly equipped themselves.

“Oh?” Luo Feng’s gaze landed upon a pillar on the stage. Words started to appear on the pillar–

“Name: WilliamEdison

Gender: Male

Identity: Elite training camp official student

Battle ability amplifier: Intermediate”

After reading that, Luo Feng turned and looked to the pillar to his side. The introduction on the pillar was exactly the same, other than the name and the battle ability amplifier, which was ‘beginner’.

“Please select your battle location” a virtual voice rang again.

In front of Luo Feng and William appeared eight different locations.

“You choose” smiled William, “So you won’t make any excuses when you lose”

“Then….. the gymnasium” Luo Feng casually picked a battle location.

“Gymnasium?” William let out a surprised face and carefully looked at the Chinese youth in front of him. Is he really confident or just cocky?

RUMBLE~~~

The sky and earth shook. Luo Feng and William’s surroundings started changing. Instantly, Luo Feng and William appeared in the middle of a gigantic gymnasium. The gymnasium was also completely empty; there were no obstacles. Around the gymnasium were enough stands for tens of thousands of spectators to watch the match.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

A blinding light brightened up the entire gymnasium. The entire gymnasium held only two people: Luo Feng and William.

“Challenge, begin!” the electronic sound echoed around in the gymnasium.

William had a long sword in one hand and a round shield in the other as he confidently looked at Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, I gave you a chance to pick a location that would give you the advantage. However, you picked a gymnasium with no obstacles at all! I’ll let you know the true difference between a veteran and a rookie in this training camp!”

“Come” Luo Feng slightly squinted.

This shall be his first opponent in the training camp.

The sides of William’s mouth slightly curved. His body ferociously and instantly passed through a distance of around 50 meters. Like a ray of light, his long sword created ripples in the air as it thrusted directly towards Luo Feng’s forehead. At the same time, Luo Feng backed off and swung his blade as fast as lightning!

“CHI!” The long sword in William’s hand slightly shook as it collided with Luo Feng’s ghost blade.

It then went along Luo Feng’s blade and shot towards Luo Feng’s neck with a horizontal strike!

Whoosh!

Luo Feng retreated explosively while moving his hexagonal shield to block it.

“HUA!” The long sword instantly drew across a delicate arc. It actually followed the movement of the hexagonal shield in Luo Feng’s left hand as the blade drew towards Luo Feng’s right hand.

Retreat!

Luo Feng basically instantly backed off to a distance of 100 meters away as he directly jumped onto the stands.

“What, scared?” William laughed loudly as he, with his round shield in one hand and long sword in the other, slowly walked towards Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, you might think you’re extremely powerful compared to a regular fighter, but no veteran in this training camp is as simple as you think they are”

“This time, just think of this 5 billion as your tuition”

Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at his right hand. The armguard on his right hand’s wrist had a white mark on it. However, there was a wound on his arm and blood already started coming out. Thankfully, the wound wasn’t deep.

“His blade isn’t fast, but I was completely controlled during that short engagement? As if his attacks were naturally formed, there were no openings. One attack followed the other, all of them offensive” a few balls of sweat couldn’t help but to seep out of Luo Feng’s forehead as he squinted, “I can only use speed to control him!”

William was still calm, as if a gentleman in a banquet.

“It’s not good enough to just have have a swift blade. You have to reach the point where it moves like a cloud and flows like water; use all sorts of attacks from all sorts of positions to form your offense!” William smiled, “After entering the training camp, as long as I remained within the camp grounds, I practiced my blade for over 5 hours! I only rested after my arm hurts like crazy”

“You still need years before you can defeat me!” William stepped on the ground.

Whoosh!

He directly flew towards the stands.

“HU!” Luo Feng’s eyes were shining as his ghost blade’s speed shot up to the extreme. Multiple forces merged into the ghost blade. Hu~~ As if a hypnotizing cold light that’s carrying an electric current, the unrivaled momentum and heart stopping speed directly shot towards William’s head!

Swift!

This attack can be described in one word–Swift!

“RUMBLE~~”

CLANG CLANG CLANG CLANG…..

A series of sounds rang as the willow branch-like long sword in William’s hands clashed with Luo Feng’s ghost blade. Right after that, William’s body flew back. CHI! A gigantic, shocking crack directly appeared on the stands ahead. Smashed, shattered rubble flew around in all directions, some even smashing onto the plastic chairs.

“What a swift blade. However, your blade technique is really just average” William laughed loudly as he jumped back onto the stands.

As he jumped onto the stands, the plastic chairs flew away one by one, as if William was a wild hurricane.

“I admit that your blade technique is superior to mine. However….. you’re too slow!” Luo Feng completely exploded his speed when William appeared in front of him! In terms of speed, Luo Feng is definitely around 50% faster than William! This isn’t even on the same level anymore.

Clearly, in terms of exploding his strength, William is quite lacking compared to Luo Feng.

“Whoosh!”

“Whoosh!”

These two humans who were both moving at over 100 m/s have completely turned into two mirages, especially one of the black shadows, whose speed was clearly faster than his opponent’s. Every time they clashed, the air exploded and formed currents visible to the naked eye.

One attack, another attack! And another!

Luo Feng was relying on his speed; whenever he had a chance, he’ll attack. If he didn’t have any chances, he’ll dodge, and then attack!

Luo Feng himself has realized that he is quite far off in terms of actual blade technique compared to William.

“FUCK”

William angrily yelled: “you….. You, if you have skills, then fight against me from the front!” William was so enraged that he even yelled out english. Luo Feng’s current battle style was quite sinister, since he was just relying on his quick speed and blade to punish people! He wasn’t fighting from the front at all.

“From the front?”

“Alright”

“I’ll grant your wish” as Luo Feng’s voice echoed around the gymnasium, Luo Feng’s attack was aimed at William’s left side.

Suddenly–

Luo Feng stepped three times. These ghost-like steps actually dodged William’s sharp blade. William himself was extremely surprised: “Impossible”. He only felt a shadow float past him. William now knows he’s in trouble, since he already lost sight of Luo Feng.

PUCHI!

The blade’s light flashed across William’s neck and his head flew up.

“PU!” fresh blood sprayed towards the sky.

William’s body fell powerlessly, his blood scattered across the already destroyed plastic chairs.

“Challenge, Luo Feng wins!” the electronic sound reverberated within the interior of the gymnasium. Everything in the gymnasium became blurry and then disappeared.

In the silver land, on the empty stage.

Luo Feng and William were standing.

“Impossible” William stared at Luo Feng, “I couldn’t have lost! I was chosen to enter the elite training camp and I’ve already been bitterly training here for a year. For this entire year, I’ve been working hard on my blade technique, control over my force, etc. for virtually every single day. My strength is much higher than it was compared to when I just entered. How could I lose to a rookie like you?”

“A loss is a loss” spoke Luo Feng.

William clenched his fists tightly.

If it was just a regular, casual match, then it wouldn’t matter too much if he lost. However, this match attracted many students. He’ll lose respect and….. a gigantic sum of money! William definitely wouldn’t be happy to lose this huge amount.

“You already lost” Luo Feng looked at William in front of him and couldn’t help but to compliment, “I admit that you are way above me in terms of blade technique”

Way above!

His speed and power was way above his opponent’s, but he couldn’t win! Because his blade technique was extremely simple. In the past, Luo Feng thought that his blade technique was pretty good, especially when his ‘spiritual force’ boosts its speed. In the wilderness, he was unstoppable. However, when put against with a genius like him, William……

His blade technique is incomparable!

William’s technique flowed like water, one attack after the next. As if the waves came over and over, Luo Feng couldn’t help but to retreat!

Thankfully, Luo Feng was finally able to unleash his ‘perfect level’ technique at the end! His speed was already above his opponents. Adding his special technique to that, it’s natural that he’ll win in one attack!

“My speed and power are above my opponent’s but I couldn’t even win. In the end, I had to rely on my phantom-like technique!” even though Luo Feng was the victor, he wasn’t too satisfied with himself.

“Lost!”

William clenched his teeth. If he knew that Luo Feng wasn’t satisfied, he would probably be even more mad.

Nine Grand Floors, lobby of the ninth floor.

Young men and women of all skin color from all sorts of places on the world were gathered here: some were bald, some had a small ponytail, some had shockingly gigantic bodies, and some were extremely skinny and small….. These genius fighters from all over the world were waiting and discussing here.

“That guy named Luo Feng will realize the difference between rookies and seniors!”

“Wouldn’t it be okay if he just lost 1 billion? He just had to yell 5 billion”

“If he wants to gift us money, why wouldn’t we accept?”

A few youths from the EU were laughing as they chatted. Students from other places of the world also chatted, but it was pretty clear that most of the people here thought that William would win. The seniors almost always win against the rookies. Only in an extremely small amount of challenges do rookies ever attain victory.

“Challenge, Luo Feng wins!” an electronic sound echoed around the lobby.

Silence.

Everyone in the entire lobby went silent.

“What!”

The youths from the EU were all wide-eyed.

“Oh, lord!” a few white and black youths from America were also surprised.

“40 billion rubles was won by Luo Feng?” the youths from Russia were shocked too.

And thus, another case of a rookie defeating a senior in the training camp was recorded in the training camp’s history.

Luo Feng defeated William.

“KA!” The door to the challenge room was opened. William, whose face looked extremely bad, and Luo Feng, who was holding his cell phone, came out together.


TL note: italicized words are originally in english (just “fuck” and “you”). Also, I mistakenly put 50 billion rubles in the last chapter when it should’ve been 40 billion (has been fixed).


Chapter 121: Luo Feng’s Teacher

“What are you looking at on your phone?” Zhao Ruo smiled as she walked over. The other students from China went over too.

“Oh, the notification of the balance change in my bank” answered Luo Feng.

After saying this, William’s face on the side became even worse!

“Balance change? Hehe, you just entered the training camp and earned 5 billion; such an event is quite rare in the training camp. You better treat us all, and treat us to the best stuff possible” said Zhao Ruo. The other students from China also talked one by one.

“Of course there’s no problem!” Luo Feng looked at Zhao Ruo with a weird expression, “Senior, didn’t you say that you would personally cook if I won?”

“Uh…… this…..” Zhao Ruo rubbed her head.

“Zhao Ruo, I heard that nice and clear too. You did indeed say that” said Shi Jiang in a serious matter.

Zhao Ruo frowned and looked at Shi Jiang: “Senior, I didn’t know that you were this evil too. Alright, I’ll cook then!”

In the lobby of the ninth floor, the Chinese youths chatted happily.

However, the group from the EU wasn’t that happy as they chatted in English. A short, brunette girl couldn’t help but to complain: “William, how could you lose to a rookie. You’re not that good at controlling your force, but your blade technique is above average compared to those who entered at the same time as you. How did you lose? Did you underestimate him?”

“No” frowned William, “I tried my best. That Luo Feng is better at controlling his force”

“Force exertions?”

“William” a tall, skinny, blonde youth spoke on the side, “If you lost, then you lost. However, we can’t let that Chinese kid get away with 5 billion Chinese dollars so easily. In the future….. we’ll figure something out to make him spit it out” the blonde youth spoke extremely quietly. The others all nodded.

That’s how it is in the training camp.

If you win a bunch of money from me, I’ll definitely figure out a way to win it back! If I can’t win, then I’ll get my seniors to help. Of course, you could always act like a turtle hiding in its shell and never accept any challenges.

…..

Luo Feng was in quite a good mood. Even though he couldn’t cleanly win his match, he was able to realize his weaknesses! This is a good thing. More importantly…… with the 5 billion he made, he now has enough to buy an elixir of life.

“It auctioned off for 30 billion last time, and that counts as a huge price. If there’s another elixir of life, it might not reach 30 billion”

“I should have enough money now”

“Even if the price is too high, I can still borrow money from the bank!”

Everybody has a limit to how much they can borrow from the bank. For fighters, the higher their position and the stronger they are, the more money they can borrow from the bank! It wouldn’t be hard for the students of the world’s best training camp to borrow over 10 billion. Of course….. the interest rates on these loans are quite high.

“Go, let’s eat lunch”

“Haha, let’s eat on the 2nd floor today. Luo Feng’s treat” yelled Zhao Ruo.

“No problem, senior can burst her stomach open as she eats” laughed Luo Feng.

At this time, the youths from the EU walked over. The leader was a guy who was tall and skinny; his cold gaze was set on Luo Feng: “Luo Feng, your strength is really amazing….. and I’m really itching to fight. I wonder if I have a chance to have a staked match with you! You choose the stakes. No matter how large of a number you choose, I’ll play!”

Silence. Quite a few students in the surrounding area quieted down.

Interesting.

Things are becoming more interesting now. The students from Russia, USA, India, Hong Ning headquarter city, and other headquarter cities were all watching, all of them hoping for things to become more chaotic. They expectantly watched the battle between the students from the EU and China.

“Whatever I choose?” Luo Feng gasped as he carefully looked at the guy in front of him.

This guy was nearly 1.9 m tall, but was quite skinny. His eyes were extremely cold and he naturally had an aristocratic feeling to him. While looking at the guy in front of him, Luo Feng connected him to the legendary beings–vampires!

He’s letting him pick any price he wants?

This white youth’s power is extremely, extremely high for sure.

“How bold, just what you’d expect from the successor of the Paulinus family, rich”

“Bold my ass” Zhao Ruo couldn’t help but to curse.

A low, gentle sound rose.

“Candace, you were ranked 42 on March’s ranking and have been in this training camp for three years already. Even so, you still feel like it’s perfectly appropriate for you to have a staked match with Luo Feng?” within the group of Chinese youths, Shi Jiang took a step forward and frowned, “How about you have a staked match with me. Likewise, you pick the price. No matter how high of a price you pick, I’ll fight!”

Candace’s face changed. Who is Shi Jiang?

The fact that he’s able to steadily stay within the top 5 shows that his strength is at the top of the training camp! Isn’t staking with him just gifting him free money?

“Shi Jiang, you should have a staked match with Reinatus” said Candace.

“So you know how to be scared too” Shi Jiang looked towards Luo Feng.

But Luo Feng was looking at Candace……

Shi Jiang and Zhao Ruo both jumped out of astonishment.

Don’t tell me that this Luo Feng wants to fight against Candace also? Candace isn’t William. That guy named William just entered the training camp for a year! Candace has been here for three years already, and he’s ranked 42. He is quite the excellent student in the training camp.

Seeing this, Candace was extremely happy: “Is this Luo Feng really that cocky? He actually wants to fight me?”. Candace immediately and seriously said: “Luo Feng, I, CandacePaulinus, would really like to have a match with you to test our skills, I wonder if……”

“CandacePaulinus?” Luo Feng said to himself.

Indeed, didn’t one of the Chinese students say, “Just what you’d expect from the successor of the Paulinus family”. Luo Feng’s heart jumped…… the Paulinus family! The Vulture Scorpion couple who wants to kill him even in their dreams! And that Scorpion is named VeninaPaulinus!

The blood sister of the Paulinus family’s head.

“I didn’t think that I would encounter someone from the Paulinus family here too” thought Luo Feng.

“Sorry, I still have to eat lunch with my seniors” smiled Luo Feng. After saying that, he walked with Shi Jiang and the others to the elevator. Luo Feng wasn’t dumb….. he wouldn’t fight against someone if he had no confidence of winning.



Night of the same day.

The night wind blew. In the courtyard of Jiang-Nan pagoda.

“Luo Feng, this is teacher Jiang. For the five years you’ll be in the training camp, you’ll be with teacher Jiang” introduced Shi Jiang.

Luo Feng looked in front of him with shock. A young, beautiful girl wearing a purple training uniform with an amazing body: busty and skinny.

Teacher Jiang?

All the teachers in the training camp are at least wargod level! And each of these wargods must have something special about them to be able to be selected to guide these geniuses. This teacher Jiang….. no matter how Luo Feng looks, she’s quite young and probably not much older than him. And this person is actually going to be his teacher for the next five years.

“I’m Jiang Fang” the purple clothed girl gave off the overall feeling of a blade!

“For the next five years, I’ll be your direct teacher” continued Jiang Fang, “There are currently five students with me. You’ll be the sixth”

Luo Feng slightly bowed: “Teacher Jiang”

“Okay. Take your blade and come with me” spoke Jiang Fang.

“Yes” Luo Feng immediately took his ghost blade and put it on his back as he walked out with Jiang Fang.

……

Who would’ve known that he would have a female teacher in the elite training camp.

As they walked in the training camp, Jiang Fang smiled: “I heard you beat William this afternoon, right?”

“Yes” Luo Feng nodded.

“The state of William’s blade is quite good; it has reached the second level. Not bad, you were able to defeat him” Jiang Fang nodded her head with satisfaction and pulled out two curved blades from her waist, “Come, Luo Feng…… show me your blade technique and fight against me! I won’t exceed your power or speed!”

This Jiang Fang is already at the wargod level in terms of body fitness level. Because of genetic energy training, she seems quite young.

Even though she looks like she’s around 20, she’s actually 30 something already.

“Yes, teacher” Luo Feng pulled out his ghost blade.

“Attack!” commanded Jiang Fang.

“Yes!”

Luo Feng charged forward like lightning and his blade cleanly struck towards Jiang Fang. The curved blade in Jiang Fang’s stayed still; she only moved her left hand. “CLANG!” In the instant the curved blade in her left hand collided with Luo Feng’s ghost blade, Luo Feng felt a peculiar, powerless feeling. Before he even pulled his blade back, the curved blade’s light flashed across Luo Feng’s neck and then went back.

“You lost” frowned Jiang Fang as she looked at Luo Feng, “Again”

Luo Feng’s spiritual force was already surrounding Jiang Fang’s curved blade. If Jiang Fang tried to slit his throat, his spiritual force would’ve directly controlled the curved blade.

There was no helping it…….

That blade was really horrifying.

“Yes” Luo Feng attacked again.

“CLANG” “CLANG!” Jiang Fang’s left hand’s curved blade only touched against Luo Feng’s blade twice before leaving his body completely exposed.

“How is your blade technique so poor?” Jiang Fang looked at Luo Feng with confusion, “Did you really defeat William?”

Luo Feng was ashamed inside.

Being belittled by this female wargod teacher….. Indeed, the speed and power of her blade wasn’t even as fast or powerful as his, but it was always able to easily destroy his rhythm. And the blade’s attack just came wave after wave, which easily and completely destroyed him!

In terms of the blade’s state….. who knows how many times more powerful this Jiang Fang is compared to that William. And Jiang Fang only used a single blade; the other curved blade hasn’t moved at all.

If he uses his ‘spiritual force’, he might be able to have a go at it.

However, if he’s only using his blade, he’ll lose to the point where he can’t lose any harder.

“Teacher, I relied on speed and power to control that William. With that, I defeated him” said Luo Feng.

“Oh?”

Jiang Fang let out a face of joy, “Looks like your force exertion is quite powerful. Force exertion requires extremely high control over your body! This shows that you’re quite good on the basics of controlling your power. Hm….. even though your blade technique is quite sloppy, it can be improved in the future! What’s your fist strength level?”

“2.8” answered Luo Feng.

“Hmhm, your fist strength level is so high despite just entering the training camp. No wonder you were scouted for” Jiang Fang nodded with satisfaction, “Luo Feng, don’t feel bad about your sloppy blade technique; this is normal! You guys are so young. If the state of your blade and your technique is extremely high, then that would be too horrifying. I trained ever since I was little. Only after 20 years of bitter training could I reach today’s state”

“Come with me”

Jiang Fang sheathed her curved blades and walked in front. Luo Feng followed this female wargod teacher.


Chapter 122: Life in the Training Camp

Inside the Nine Grand Floors, Jiang Fang introduced to Luo Feng: “The most important rooms in the Nine Grand Floors are of course the ‘challenge room’, ‘training room’, and ‘gravity room’ on the ninth floor! These three rooms were made out of treasure excavated from the archaeological ruins. There are also many training rooms on the seventh and eighth floors. For example, there are copied ‘gravity rooms’ made by our scientists, etc. Even though they aren’t as effective as the ones from the archaeological ruins, they’re better than nothing”

BEEP!

The elevator door opened.

They walked through the lobby on the ninth floor towards the training room.

“Students are training in the training room and gravity room every month from the 1st to the 30th. In these 30 days, the resting period lasts from 12 PM — 1 PM every day. When new students are taking their exam, they usually do it in this hour” explained Jiang Fang.

“And this month is March, with a 31st day. On the 31st, the gravity room and training room are both empty” said Jiang Fang as she brought Luo Feng to the door of a room.

Out of the three rooms on the ninth floor, Luo Feng has been to the ‘training room’ and ‘challenge room’ already.

A light flashed past Luo Feng and Jiang Fang.

BEEP!

The door opened and Luo Feng and Jiang Fang entered together.

“This is the gravity room; a gravity room discovered in the archaeological ruins” said Jiang Fang. Luo Feng carefully examined the room. The floor and walls of the gravity room were made out of an alloy with yellow and black mixed in. Because of this strange alloy, the entire gravity room felt quite special.

“Even our scientists haven’t figured out this alloy yet” said Jiang Fang as she pointed towards the alloy on the wall, “Even existences that have surpassed the wargod level can’t leave a mark on this wall”

Luo Feng froze. He looked at the wall beside him and saw a fist mark that was around 5 mm deep.

Jiang Fang’s eyes flashed as she said with admiration: “This mark was left by our world’s strongest fighter, ‘Hong’. Within the existences that have surpassed the wargod level, only the head was able to leave a mark on this wall. Nobody else can do this! The head is the strongest fighter on earth”

“BEEP!” after saying that, Jiang Fang pressed the button to the side.

“Your body fitness level is at the beginner warlord level, so 9x gravity should be nearing your limit” said Jiang Fang as she quickly pressed some button that increases gravity. The number on the display continuously changed–


BUZZ~~~

A shapeless energy instantly covered every single part of his body. Not even given the time to take a breath, the gravity multiplier quickly rose from 8 to 9. Luo Feng felt like everything went black as he directly fell to the floor. The sound of his heart beating was like the beat of a drum and the sound of his blood flowing sounded like a flowing stream; everything was that clear.

“How do you feel?” Jiang Fang looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was barely able to stand up. His face was pale and his body was about to collapse at any moment: “I feel extremely heavy and my heart is in pain every time it beats. It’s hard for me to breathe too; every single spot of my body is in pain”. Luo Feng was carrying his ghost blade, which turned into a burden of around 1,000 kg under 9x gravity.

Even though he was carrying such a heavy object, it wasn’t as painful as all his blood vessels and organs fighting against 9x gravity.

“Luo Feng, do you know the significance of the gravity room to fighters?” under 9x gravity, Jiang Fang was still smiling and chatting in a relaxed manner.

Luo Feng looked towards Jiang Fang.

“Fighters absorb energy and transform it into genetic energy. The body then absorbs that genetic energy to improve its genes and strengthen itself!” Jiang Fang sighed, “However….. once every cell in the body absorbs a certain amount, they become full! They won’t be able to absorb any further!”

“The more people exercise, the more food they eat”

“The fact is that when our cells are involved in our exercise, they are able to absorb more genetic energy, “Jiang Fang sighed, “Even though we seem tired when we train normally, it’s extremely difficult to exercise every single cell in our body”

Luo Feng nodded, he understood this point. This was also why your body fitness level improves at a higher rate when you reach a higher stage in the Nine Stage Thunder Blade.

“But the gravity room is different!”

“The gravity amplified by the gravity room affects every single part of your body. Your muscles, bones, blood vessels, organs, cells, and even atoms!” explained Jiang Fang, “Gravity works on everything. Naturally, it’ll work on the smallest parts of your body”

Luo Feng’s eyes flashed.

Indeed, gravity affects every part of your body.

“So, in the gravity room, especially under the highest multiplier possible!” smiled Jiang fang, “Even if you stand there and do nothing, every single cell in your body will be affected by gravity and will fight against it, therefore using up energy! This is way more efficient than any form of training you can do”

“Yeah” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to nod his head in agreement.

Jiang Fang smiled: “Of course, if you train in this room in conjunction, the effect will be even better! You can say…… 2 hours a day in the gravity room will speed up your training speed by ten times!”

“Ten times?” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed.

Damn!

If he relies on the gravity room, wouldn’t he just need 3 to 4 months instead of 3 years to become an ‘advanced level wargod level spirit reader’?

“However, there’s only one gravity room” continued Jiang fang, “Even the Thunder Dojo’s elite training camp doesn’t have one. 183 students have to share this one room. How much time can be divided to you?”

Luo Feng froze.

“So the higher your rank, the longer you can stay in this room” continued Jiang fang, “The gravity rooms that our scientists created can only reach a multiplier of 3. In other words, it can only go up to 3x gravity. When training in the gravity room, you want to reach your limit for the best effect”

“And this gravity room excavated from the archaeological ruins has a range of 1 to 1,000!” sighed Jiang Fang, “Way better than the ones we reproduced”

“1,000 times?” Luo Feng stared, “Who can handle 1,000x gravity?”

“Of course, this 1 to 1,000 multiplier was after we modified it to create this display number” Jiang fang pointed towards the display, “You think the archaeological ruins will have arabic numbers in them? This display number and on/off button was created by us. Of course, we can’t modify the main component at all”

……

There’s only one archaeological gravity room. How long can Luo Feng, a rookie, use it for?

There are more copied gravity rooms created by the scientists, even though they can only reach 3x gravity. In the entire training camp, there are 10 of these gravity rooms.

……

“Luo Feng, you’re still new and are ranked 183. For the first 28 days of April, you’ll follow the other students and hunt monsters in the wilderness and earn battle points on the odd days! For the even days, you’ll stay in the training camp and properly learn. At that time, I’ll guide you” commanded Jiang Fang.

“Yes, teacher” Luo Feng nodded.

In the training camp, you have to grab the chance to absorb as much as possible to strengthen yourself!

Night, 11 PM.

Luo Feng, in his bathrobe, sat in his room and looked at his notebook.

“Ranked #1, April, eligible to use the archaeological gravity room for 90 hours, training room for 90 hours”

“Ranked #2, April, eligible to use the archaeological gravity room for 60 hours, training room for 60 hours”

…..

“Ranked #11–30, eligible to use the archaeological gravity room for 6 hours, training room for 6 hours”

“Ranked #31–50, eligible to use the archaeological gravity room for 4 hours, training room for 4 hours”

“Ranked #51–100, eligible to use the archaeological gravity room for 2 hours, training room for 2 hours”

“Ranked #101–end, eligible to use the archaeological gravity room for 1 hour, training room for 1 hour”

Luo Feng looked at the last line and laughed bitterly.

He just joined, so he’s ranked #183. For the entire month of April, he can only use the archaeological gravity room for 1 hour? Training room for 1 hour?

“Only 1 hour. The person ranked first must feel so good, 90 whole hours. He has to hunt monsters on the odd days, so he has like 15 days to train in the training camp. He can stay in the archaeological gravity room for 6 hours and the training room for 6 hours every day. Improving slowly would be a challenge” Luo Feng was envious.

If you stay in the archaeological gravity room for just 2 hours a day, your one day is equivalent to 10 days.

And don’t even talk about someone staying in there for 6 hours.

“Thankfully April is the first month for me after entering the training camp. As a result, I have a special right: I can take the tower of trials test one time” Luo Feng thought to himself.

Taking the tower of trials test is a special privilege every student gets after entering the training camp. The amount of time they spend taking that test isn’t counted into the time they receive. For example, Luo Feng only receives 1 hour of time in the training room during April. However, he might spend 40 minutes taking his tower of trials test. In all, it’s one hour and 40 minutes.

Some people spend a lot of time taking this test, while others spend very little time.

“My blade technique is still sloppy”

“I’ll train hard this month and then take the tower of trials test on the 26th” thought Luo Feng to himself. Since he counts as a new student, he can pick within the timespan of 12 PM–1 PM on any day to take his test.

With a blink of an eye, it was already April 1st. Luo Feng’s days in the training camp officially begins.

April 1st, Luo Feng followed 91 other students and headed towards a city that was around 300 km away from the training camp–1001 city. This name was personally set by the creator of Hong Ning city, ‘Hong’. All students must hunt monsters in this city.

Furthermore, there’s a satellite in orbit just to observe this 1001 city.

There are absolute rules within the training camp–

1. Those who secretly trade monster materials with other students to help them raise their battle points, once found, will be expelled.

2. Those who kill other students, once found, will be executed!

“PUCHI!”

After the ghost blade slashed, a Back Mountain Deer’s head that was as large as a small mountain flew up.

“The monsters in this western area are quite different from the ones in China” Luo Feng in the wilderness was like a fish in water. He trained his blade in monster hordes back then. Other students are afraid of falling into monster hordes while Luo Feng doesn’t have this fear at all.

So, Luo Feng was quite efficient at hunting monsters and earned quite a few battle points.

…..

“The state of a blade is split into the categories Basic–Expert– Complete–Conception, these four levels. Right now, you better build up your basics! Train in the copied gravity rooms for 2 hours and practice your blade there! In the blade training room, train your blade there for 2 hours too! After that, you still have to train your blade! If your basics aren’t steady, then what can you do?”

“When you train, use your brain and think! What can you do to make your attacks flow like water and continue endlessly!” ordered Jiang Fang.

“Yes, teacher!”

…..

Whether in the gravity room, the blade training room, or the underground training room in Jiang-Nan pagoda.

Everyday, Luo Feng trained his blade technique and even used his spiritual force to observe the trajectory of his blade. With his careful observation, Luo Feng continuously improved himself and bitterly trained.

“This kid’s rate of improvement is quite scary. However, something like this is normal in this training camp” even though Jiang Fang was surprised, she expected even more out of Luo Feng.

All sorts of training methods were used on Luo Feng.

……

Of course, you can’t stop your genetic energy training for even a day!

Only when he’s relaxed does he occasionally talk with his parents and Xu Xin through his notebook.

“Luo Feng, you seem quite tired to me?”

“Nah. Once I see you, I’m not tired at all” Luo Feng laughed as he video chatted with Xu Xin through his laptop.

“I didn’t know that even Luo Feng was this good at saying stuff like this”

……

Luo Feng was completely immersed in his days at the training camp. There were many geniuses here; many geniuses that were way better than him! As for spirit readers, there were dozens of them in this elite training camp. In terms of spiritual force, many of them were significantly more powerful than him. Whether blade technique, technique, or force exertions, there was always someone better than Luo Feng.

People here have reached force multipliers of 4x.

For technique, there are tons of people who have reached the conception level.

For the blade’s state, Luo Feng is at the bottom of the training camp.

“This Luo Feng’s technique and force exertions were superior in the first place. Even though his rate of improvement isn’t the best, it’s up there. I’m sure he’ll step into the blade’s second state soon” Jiang Fang was quite satisfied with her student, “Luo Feng is entirely capable of charging into the top 10 after two or three years”

……

Luo Feng was like a sponge who absorbs nutrients in the training camp with all he had. Whether body fitness level, blade technique, and all the other things, Luo Feng has been showing improvement. This rate of improvement was way faster than training alone! And there were many wargod teachers here that frequently taught class!

Even investigators taught!

April 26, morning.

Jiang-Nan pagoda, Luo Feng’s room.

“Looks like it’s quite difficult to charge up the black dragon ranking” said Xu Xin in the video chat.

“It is” nodded Luo Feng.

For this entire month, other than sleeping and occasionally chatting with his family and Xu Xin, he put all of his time into training!

His improvement this month is quite astonishing!

“There are tons of geniuses in this training camp. The guy that lost to me, William, is around #150 on the black dragon ranking. Many students are below #150 on the first year they arrive; charging to the top 120 is as hard as flying up to the sky. And don’t even get me started on the top 100” said Luo Feng.

Xu Xin laughed: “Luo Feng, you’re quite good then”

“Acceptable. However, I wasn’t able to charge into the top 120” Luo Feng shook his head. The amount of monsters Luo Feng hunted these 26 days is comparable to the students that have been here for three to four years. Even with that, added with his battle ability amplifier of 4.48 (2.8 x 1.6), his battle score still wasn’t enough to charge into the top 120. However, he’s still higher than that William!

“Luo Feng, don’t pressure yourself too much”

“You’re already very strong. Didn’t you say you’re ranked 2 out of the students that just arrived at the training camp this year?” encouraged Xu Xin, “And according to what you said…… your battle ability amplifier is way above 4.48. Once you finish your tower of trials test, your battle ability amplifier might raise. You might be able to charge into the top 100”

“From what I heard, anybody capable of entering the top 100 soon after entering the training camp is quite the remarkable person” sighed Xu Xin.

Because of Xu Xin’s background, she knows quite a bit of information about the elite training camp.

“Today is the day you take your tower of trials test, go for it” Xu Xin gave a thumbs up in the video.

“Hehe” grinned Luo Feng.

“I’ll do it, watch me”

The higher you go in the tower of trials, the higher your level.

When he passed the B grade exam back then, his tower of trials level automatically turned into 1.6. WIth his rapid improvement in technique and speed, his tower of trials level will certainly improve by a lot.

……

11:50 AM, Luo Feng chatted for a while with his parents.

After that, Luo Feng put on a casual shirt and leisurely walked out Jiang-Nan pagoda. Coincidentally, Zhao Ruo just returned and laughed: “Luo Feng, going out to eat lunch?”

“I ate already” smiled Luo Feng.

“I just went and looked at the black dragon ranking and saw that you’re already ranked #126. You’re quite powerful; your senior is only in the top 100” teased Zhao Ruo. Luo Feng smirked: “Senior, you better be careful. My goal is to charge into the top 100 soon!”

“Soon? How soon? 2 months, 3 months?” guessed Zhao Ruo.

“I’ll chat with you later, I still need to do stuff” Luo Feng didn’t say anything more.

He already decided that he’ll take the tower of trials test on noon of April 26. Other than Xu Xin, nobody else knows.

After he finished talking, Luo Feng headed towards the Nine Grand Floors.

On his way, quite a few students greeted Luo feng…… students also respected the strong. And Luo Feng was able to become ranked 126 in just a month. Even though the ranking is officially set on midnight of the 28th, Luo Feng’s strength is already clear.

19 years old and he’s already this powerful.

What about the future?

So these students, whether from South America, North America, Europe, Africa, etc. are on quite good terms with Luo Feng.

……

On the ninth floor of the Nine Grand Floors, six black students that just finished with their training in the training room and gravity room were having a friendly match.

“Eh, Luo Feng, how come you’re here in the noon?” one of the black students that knew Chinese yelled. The other five black students didn’t know Chinese; very few students that came from Africa knew Chinese, even though Chinese is used quite often.

“I have stuff to do” smiled Luo Feng as he headed towards the training room. The training room scanned Luo Feng and confirmed his identity.

KA!

The door to the training room automatically unlocked and, with a slight push, Luo Feng entered.

“The training room? How could he enter the training room after 12?”

“There’s no way he could enter the training room” one of the black students spoke his native language quite fluently.

“Ah, that Luo Feng is a new student; April is his first month here. Every new student has the special right to take a tower of trials test during their first month”

“Don’t tell me he didn’t take his tower of trials test yet? It’s already the 26th!”

“There’s no other possibility. Students can’t enter the training room from 12 PM–1 PM”

“Holy, he didn’t even take his tower of trials test yet and he’s already around #120 on the black dragon ranking. After taking his test, how high can he go? Could he reach the top 100?”

“A rookie charging into the top 100 in his first month?”

“Hurry, let’s go to the black dragon ranking. It’ll update itself soon enough”

“Hurry, let’s go!”

“To the black dragon sculpture”

The six black students talked a bunch, all of them astonished. They went downstairs and headed towards the black dragon sculpture at the gate of the training camp. Keep in mind that a rookie in this training camp charging into the top 100 in his first month is virtually impossible. People capable of such a feat become astonishingly great people in the future.

Could it be that……

Another person like this just appeared and is going to charge into the top 100?


Chapter 123: Change in the Ranking

In the training room, Luo Feng turned on the lights.

Luo Feng lay on the sofa and picked up the dark blue helmet beside him. This brain computer interface ‘helmet’ let out a dark blue reflection under the shine of the light.

“The higher my ranking goes the better!” said Luo Feng softly. He kissed the helmet and then put it on.

BUZZ~~

The land here was an infinite silver, the sky was the infinite universe.

The only building here was the seven floored tower that wanted to pierce the sky–tower of trials.

“Name: Luo Feng

Gender: Male

Identity: Elite training camp official student

Tower of trials level: 1.6”

Luo Feng laughed. Under the virtual space’s reminder, Luo Feng swiftly put on his battle uniform set and equipped his weapon, shield, etc. After that, he directly stepped within the tower of trials.

……

On a large grass plain, Luo Feng appeared out of thin air.

“Luo Feng” an electronic sound reverberated around the entire plain, “You already completed the first floor’s B grade exam, Next, we’ll move on to the C grade exam. Your objective is to kill 200 raging bulls within 50 minutes. Within these 200 raging bulls, 190 of them are low level commander level while 10 of them are medium level commander level. Good luck!”

Luo Feng grinned; his gaze was as sharp as a blade.

Since he’s been in this training camp for a month already, Luo Feng was clear on what he would have to deal with on each stage of the tower of trials. When he took the B grade exam, he had to deal with 100 low level commander level raging bulls. This time, he has to deal with 200, and 10 of them are medium level commander level. And he just has his beginner level warlord level body.

Get rid of all of them within 50 minutes to pass!

“HU~~” 200 mighty raging bulls instantly appeared on the grassy plains. Some raging bulls within this horde were gigantic, flame-colored raging bulls.

“MOO~~”

The ground rumbled. Under the lead of the 10 medium level commander level raging bulls, the horde charged towards Luo Feng like a roaring tide! With Luo Feng’s body fitness level, he’ll probably lose the ability to fight after taking one direct hit, since he’ll be trampled by the horde as a result. So this time, no errors are allowed.

“Come!” Luo Feng held his hexagonal shield in one hand and his ghost blade in the other as he grinned and charged towards the entire horde!

When Luo Feng was taking his exam in the tower of trials, quite a few students learned about what Luo Feng was doing thanks to the broadcasting of the six students from Africa. This Chinese student who charged up to rank 126 right after entering the training camp didn’t even take his tower of trials exam yet.

He just started taking it today!

He didn’t take the test and is already rank 126. Is he going to charge up to the top 100 after taking the exam?

Quite a few students eating lunch quickly finished up and headed towards the black dragon sculpture. Each of them paid attention to any change that could happen on the black dragon ranking. Actually, this ranking changes extremely frequently, all the way until midnight of the 28th.

…..

At this time, on a ruined three story villa in the wilderness’ 1001 city.

CandacePaulinus, who was wearing a black battle uniform set, sat alone. He had his water bag in hand to rehydrate himself. Even though he was the successor of the ‘Paulinus Family’, one of the nine core families of the HR alliance, Candace never lowered his expectations of himself.

“My own strength is the most important thing. Everything else is meaningless!” Candace took a small sip of water, “It’s already the 26th, so there’s only two days left until the ranking is set. Looks like I can reach the top 50 with no problem”

As of now, Candace was already ranked 39.

“I’ll see if I can get into the top 30” Candace’s nose was straight and his gaze was cold, “Who would’ve thought that that Chinese kid could improve so quickly; he’s already around 120”. Ever since the staked battle between his good friend William and Luo Feng, a small group led by Candace frequently went to mess with Luo Feng.

For example, stealing Luo Feng’s prey in the wilderness.

Or getting in the way of Luo Feng’s hunting.

The training camp only banned ‘killing each other’ and ‘private trades’. Causing trouble wouldn’t bring you any punishment.

“Hm?” Candace looked towards the tactical communications watch on his wrist.

“A phone call from William?”

“Redial!”

After William sent out his command, the call quickly went through.

“William, you’re even calling me while I’m in the wilderness. Could it be that you miss me?” teased Candace.

“Candace, let me tell you something….. that Chinese kid just started taking his tower of trials exam today” William’s voice carried out of the tactical communications watch.

“What does his tower of trials exam have to do with us” right after saying that, Candace’s face changed dramatically, “What did you say….. he, he just started taking his tower of trials exam today? Are you saying that he never took the exam these past 26 days? He didn’t take the exam and was able to charge up to around rank 120? How is this possible? Impossible!”

Candace really disliked Luo Feng, so of course he wouldn’t want to believe that Luo Feng was powerful.

“I don’t want to believe either, but my brother, I have to tell you, this is the truth: Luo Feng is taking his tower of trials exam right now. And right now, a few dozen people in the training camp are watching the black dragon ranking right here waiting for the ranking to update. Quite a few teachers in the training camp came too” William’s fluent English came out quickly, “If this Luo Feng really charges into the top 100 in his first month, then that’ll be incredible”

“I don’t believe this!”

Candace’s eyes were like a poisonous snake’s, “I don’t believe that he’ll be able to charge into the top 100”

“I don’t want to believe either, but you’ll know if you’re here in the training camp” said William helplessly.

“Stare at the black dragon sculpture and don’t hang up. Tell me right when it updates!” commanded Candace.

“Okay”

In the tower of trial’s first floor of the virtual space; the vast grassy plain.

Corpse after corpse of raging bulls were laying on the ground, their blood dying the grassy plain. Luo Feng’s body was full of blood as he stepped on the corpse of a raging bull; his face was pale and some blood trickled down the side of his mouth.

“Used 41 minutes 26 seconds to kill 190 low level commander level raging bulls, 10 medium level commander level raging bulls. C grade exam, you pass! Congratulations, you have passed the first floor of the tower of trials, student Luo Feng” the electronic sound rose. Along with it, the entire plain disappeared in a flash. The surrounding area became a desert!

An infinite, boundless desert!

This is the second floor of the tower of trials. According to what Luo Feng knows, each tower of trials is split into the different grades: A, B, and C. For example, after finishing the A grade exam of the second floor of the tower of trials, your level becomes 2.3. After finishing the B grade exam, 2.6. After the C grade exam, 3.0.

As of now, Luo Feng just completed the first floor’s C grade exam, so his current level is 2.0.

“Who would’ve thought that the 100 raging bulls in the B grade exam would become 200 raging bulls in the C grade exam, what a horrifying change” Luo Feng reminisced about the killing that just happened and was frightened, “With the 10 medium level commander level raging bulls, even though they weren’t that much of a threat themselves…… they divided up the other raging bulls and formed small groups that coordinated their attacks.”

Unlike the raging bulls in the B grade exam that just swarmed over Luo Feng.

The C grade exam has organized groups.

Unless Luo Feng’s blade technique was way better than before, he would’ve failed in one of the clashes with the horde.

“Luo Feng, congratulations on passing the first floor. Next, you’ll take the second floor’s A grade exam. Your objective is to kill 50 ‘low level commander level’ steel armored scorpions within 10 minutes, good luck” the electronic sound echoed around the entire desert.

Steel armored scorpions: an extremely common monster in the desert area, one of the most common scorpion type monsters.

“According to what the other students said, the bodies of these steel armored scorpions are quite small, so 10 or even over 20 of them can attack one person at the same time! The way they dodge is also quite peculiar, making them hard to fight against. The A grade of the second floor is way, way harder than the previous exams!” Luo Feng was under a lot of pressure.

SHA SHA~~~

Within the infinite desert, dark red colored scorpions crawled out the sand one after another. Clearly, these scorpions could easily dig into the sand. The plating of each of these scorpions was dark red and its long, sharp tail was jet black; nobody would doubt the power of its tail.

Tower of trials second floor A grade exam, begin!

…..

In the wilderness’ 1001 city, Candace was leaning against the wall as he chatted with William.

“Changed, Luo Feng’s ranking changed!” William’s surprised voice carried out from the tactical communications watch.

“How much did it change by?” Candace was shocked.

“It went from #126 to #108”

After hearing this, Candace took in a deep breath: it actually turned into #108. A rookie in this training camp charged to #108 within his first month. This was indeed quite shocking. At this moment….. Candace was slightly regretful. From what Luo Feng has accomplished now, he’ll surely become quite scary in the future.

But since they’re already foes…..

“I guess I could just stop harassing him and stay away from him” Candace sneered, “Furthermore, he’s just #108; he hasn’t entered the top 100 yet”

Candace didn’t know that Luo Feng’s ranking only went from #126 to #108 because he passed the C grade exam; his tower of trials level went from ‘1.6’ to ‘2.0’. This means that Luo Feng’s score increased by 25%! The change was astonishing.

“It changed again!”

“Candace, the ranking changed again” William’s voice carried out of the tactical communications watch.

“What is it?”

“It turned into #99! He’s in the top 100!”

Candace’s face changed.

In the training camp, in front of the black dragon sculpture at the main gate.

A few dozen students and around 10 wargod teachers were all excited and surprised when Luo Feng’s ranking turned into NO. 99.

“A rookie charged into the top 100 within his first month, something like this only happened five times in the history of this training camp. All five of those people were absolute geniuses. The first time something like this happened was 20 years ago. Out of these five people, four of them are already advanced level wargods, while one of them passed the wargod level and became an existence surpassing the wargod level” a Russian white brute who had a huge moustache yelled passionately.

“Very good”

“This rookie named Luo Feng probably has superb technique, speed, and blade technique”

“Hurry, hurry and contact the investigators, tell the investigators about this!”


Chapter 124: Luo Feng’s Rank

Jiang Fang was one of the most famous people in the circle of wargods.

She was born into a poor family around the few years that the Grand Nirvana period was going on. She was quite ill-fated: her husband died to save her in the wilderness. Because of this, Jiang Fang ignored all the power struggles between the organizations and relationships; she merely focused completely on her martial arts. And she actually managed to become someone great.

Nicknamed ‘Moon Witch’ Jiang Fang.

Her curved blades were god-like. Usually, she didn’t like to get into arguments and didn’t like the arguments and fights going on between fighters. She would rather be an instructor in the Dojo of Limits. This Jiang Fang has been in the elite training camp for nearly 10 years. Other than studying her blade technique, her only other hobby is–

to watch her students become great.

To watch her students surpass the students of the other teachers!

“Jiang, congratulations” said a bald, skinny black man.

“Luo Feng himself is talented” smiled Jiang fang. The white brute with a huge moustache said in accented Chinese: “It was because of lady Jiang Fang’s teachings. There’s a quote in Chinese, what was it again? It was…… great students come from great teachers!”. In the training camp, there were very few female teachers.

And Jiang Fang had many wargod students, so she had tons of connections. She was also extremely powerful herself and was beautiful.

There were really quite a few wargods that were chasing after her.

“Luo Feng’s out”

After hearing this, Jiang Fang couldn’t help but to turn her head. She saw Luo Feng in a simple casual outfit walk out of the Nine Grand Floors.

After walking out of the Nine Grand Floors, Luo Feng saw teacher Jiang Fang coming from far away. Teacher Jiang Fang was the flower of the training camp; even quite a few male students were chasing after this teacher. Since a wargod’s life span is much longer than the average person’s, the students didn’t mind their 10 or so years of difference in age.

However…..

Luo Feng respected Jiang Fang. In this past month, Jiang Fang has helped him a lot.

“Teacher” said Luo Feng respectfully.

“Not bad, you’re #99 now on the black dragon ranking” Jiang Fang smiled as she complimented, “How did you do in the tower of trials exam?”

“I failed the second floor’s A grade exam” said Luo Feng helplessly.

He already knew that the steel armored scorpions would be hard to deal with, but he didn’t know how strong they actually were until he fought them. Each of these scorpions had sharp claws and a phantom-like tail. Even though he improved a lot, he was only able to kill 36 of the 50 steel armored scorpions after doing everything he could. Finally, he was surrounded by the scorpions, dragged under the sand, and then killed.

A steel armored scorpion horde in the desert is really scary.

In the end, his tower of trials level became 2.2.

“The steel armored scorpions are indeed a pain” encouraged Jiang Fang, “Keep at it! Right now, you’re ranked 99. There’s still around two more days until we reach midnight of the 28th. Work hard these two days and try to stay within the top 100. My reputation will increase as a teacher of someone who could charge into the top 100 in his first month”

Luo Feng smiled.

He’ll work hard!

…..

Around 8 PM, private training camp cars came one after another as they drove to the gate of the training camp. The students that went to hunt in the wilderness came in one by one.

“I heard Luo Feng charged up to #99 in the afternoon?”

“I heard that too, Luo Feng sure is doing us Chinese seniors a favor, haha”

The first thing these students did when they entered the training camp was raise their head towards the black dragon ranking. Because these students handed in their monster materials and received battle points, quite a few of them rose in rank by one or two places. Only an extreme few didn’t raise, or even dropped.

“#101? Luo Feng fell to #101”

Candace just entered the training camp and heard this phrase. He couldn’t help but to let out a smile as he raised his head.

Indeed–

Luo Feng, who was still #99 in the afternoon, was #101 now.

“The closer it gets to the midnight of the 28th, the harder everyone works. Luo Feng, you want to get into the top 100?” Candace sneered, took up his backpack, and headed towards his building.

…..

Dawn of the 27th, Luo Feng left the training camp with 91 other students. When leaving the training camp, Luo Feng found out that his ranking was #102. Clearly, the 91 other students that returned last night caused quite a bit of change in the ranking.

For the entire day of the 27th, Luo Feng hunted monsters.

Only until nearing 10 PM did he return to the training camp.

“Luo Feng, your harvest today was quite good” on the training camp’s private car, a worker of the Dojo of Limits collected the materials and put the money in Luo Feng’s card. Luo Feng’s contribution points rose too…… at the same time, he received battle points for the training camp, “Your ranking should be able to raise by a few spots”

“Thanks to your blessings” smirked Luo Feng.

The main entrance to the training camp.

After getting off the car, he walked as he looked towards the huge black dragon sculpture. All of his attention was focused on the dragon scales. With ease, he found his name–

“NO.98 Luo Feng (570403)”

“Charged to #98?” Luo Feng smiled and then headed back to Jiang-Nan pagoda.

A group of white youths came and one of them said in fluent English: “That Luo Feng is smiling? Even though he’s #98 now, it’ll be the 28th tomorrow, which means he won’t be able to hunt monsters. When the 91 students return from hunting monsters, Luo Feng will probably be squeezed out of the top 100”

“Jason, you’re making fun of other people? If I recall correctly, you were #179 in your first month?”

April 28th, 10 PM.

Quite a few students were happily chatting on the floor next to the gigantic black dragon sculpture in the training camp. They worked hard for nearly a month and did everything they could. All they could do now was wait here for the final results.

Outside the training camp, a residential apartment around 3 KM away.

“Hurry, get all the equipment set up”

“All of you hurry up. The boss gave you guys so much money to do this. Doing something like this is like being on vacation! The boss only told us to do a few things, so we better do them as best as we can. Got it?” howled a sturdy man with short, dyed blonde hair. The other five people swiftly set up the equipment.

“Got it”

“Captain, we’re done”

On a gigantic screen on the wall of the room appeared a ranking; it was indeed the black dragon ranking.

“Very good” nodded the sturdy man with short, dyed blonde hair nodded, “Wait until the ranking to set at midnight. Once that happens, we’ll notify the boss right away. Oh yea, the boss told us to especially take notice of our China’s Luo Feng”

“Got it”

The rest of the five happily responded.

…..

There were many other informants other than this squad in Hong-Ning city, especially near the training camp, paying attention to the black dragon ranking. Not only were students in the elite training camp paying attention to the ranking at midnight, but also many organizations all over the world.

These organizations have information on every single student on the ranking.

…..

April 28th, 10:18 PM.

Nine Grand Floors training room.

KA!

The door to the training room opened. Luo Feng, in a dark green training uniform, was laying on the sofa as he put on the helmet and entered the virtual space once again. On the other sofa was a black girl. In just one or two minutes later, the black girl took off the helmet and opened her eyes. She cursed once or twice before leaving the training room.

No more than one person can enter the tower of trials at the same time!

So when one student enters, another student will leave.

Second floor of the tower of trials.

In the infinite desert, the 50 steel armored scorpions crawled out the sand and surrounded Luo Feng.

“Today I have one hour to play with you scorpions” Luo Feng was full of the will to fight.

“KILL!”

The battle instantly began!

…..

The tower of trials exam ends right when you die. That’s why when Luo Feng failed last night, his exam was over! However….. other than to take his tower of trials test, as rank 183 in March, Luo Feng had one hour to use the training room and the archaeological gravity room.

And Luo Feng decided to use his training room’s one hour from 10:20 PM–11:20 PM on the 28th.

In this one hour, Luo Feng can keep trying even if he fails. No matter how many times he fails, he can retry. However….. once time is up, whether pass or fail, he’ll immediately be kicked out of the virtual space.

“KILL!”

The 50 steel armored scorpions, whether leaping or burrowing into the sand or charging, came from all directions. Luo Feng was phantom-like and the light from his blade was like a mist from a dream. He destroyed the steel armored scorpions formation and killed them one by one.

“PUCHI~~~”

The blade’s light flashed past and three steel armored scorpions fell from the air.

Luo Feng, who had a wound on his face, couldn’t help but to laugh: “Damn, after dying three times I finally passed the A grade exam of the second stage!”. As long as time isn’t up, he can retry no matter how many times he dies.

“Used 5 minutes 6 seconds to kill 50 low level commander level steel armored scorpions. Second floor’s A grade exam, you pass! Congratulations, student Luo Feng” an electronic sound reverberated around the scorching desert. A light flashed and all the corpses of the steel armored scorpions corpses disappeared. Luo Feng’s body was also returned to its best state.

Luo Feng was clear.

That the A grade exam of the second floor was basically his current limit. He died three times to pass this stage. As for the B grade exam, unless under special circumstances, he won’t be able to pass it within a short amount of time.

“I’ll just use it to train my technique and blade technique”

“Maybe my technique will step into the perfect level” Luo Feng held his ghost blade and continued his trials.

Around 10 into the night, a training camp’s private car stopped outside the main gate. Two fully armed students walked in. One of the two students was CandacePaulinus. The 28th was the day he went out to hunt.

“Candace!”

The blonde haired youth, William, greeted him as he smiled, “Congratulations, you’re already #38”

“What rank is Luo Feng?” Candace and William walked side by side towards the black dragon sculpture.

“You see, rank 101. Oh, 102, it’s 102 now” William pointed towards the gigantic black dragon sculpture. Candace rose his head and looked at the black dragon ranking and nodded as he laughed: “To tell the truth, that chink’s strength isn’t bad. However, he’s dreaming if he wants to charge into the top 100 in his first month!”

“A rookie charging into the top 100 in the first month; it’s time for someone from the EU to do that. Today is the 28th, and Luo Feng hunts on the odd days, so he indeed has no hope left” smiled William.

Candace also laughed heartily.

Suddenly–

“It changed”

“Luo Feng’s ranking raised”

“Weird, today is the 28th so Luo Feng can’t hunt today, how did his ranking rise again?” a bunch of students spectating were astonished.

Candace and William, these two blonde youths, raised their heads and looked; they also froze in surprisement.

Luo Feng’s ranking actually went from #102 to #98.

“Today is the 28th, how did this Luo Feng raise his rank? Did someone do a staked match with him with battle points as the wager?” Candace seemed like he just saw a ghost, “Impossible!”

“Impossible, how did he raise his rank today?” William couldn’t believe this either.

It doesn’t matter whether they believe or not, because this is the truth!

Actually, Luo Feng just passed the second floor’s A grade exam, which caused his tower of trials level to raise from 2.2 to 2.3. Because of this, his ranking rose slightly.

Time passed minute by minute, the students were all discussing the ranking. Luo Feng’s current rank was at #98.

10:56 PM.

“Damn!”

“omg!”

“Oh lord”

All the students were flabbergasted.

Candace and William were dumbfounded as they looked at the new ranking–NO. 82 Luo Feng (570403), from #98 to #82, isn’t this jump a bit too crazy. At that time, the nearly 100 students gathered there were all in an uproar: this jump was just too huge.

“Cheater!”

“I bet he did a staked match with someone and had battle points as the wager! Someone purposefully gave Luo Feng battle points through the staked match!” yelled a student immediately, “Cheater”

Some students just couldn’t believe that Luo Feng, who didn’t go to the wilderness today, could have such a gigantic increase in ranking.

“He didn’t cheat, Luo Feng is in the training room right now!” a phrase of English rose.

“He’s in the training room right now, we saw him enter”

said a group of white and black youths, male and female, that came from the direction of the Nine Grand Floors. The arguing genius students quieted down one by one. Actually, only an extremely small amount of people yelled ‘cheater’; only a very small amount of these 180 or so geniuses are envious.

“Luo Feng entered the training room at 10:20 PM. Right when I finished, it was his turn” said a black youth.

“Rebecca, Luo Feng was after you?” a white youth walked over.

“Yes” the black youth nodded.

“Oh, so Luo Feng was in the training room. Looks like he raised his tower of trials level, which raised his ranking”

all of these students were looking forward to this, since only five genius students were able to charge into the top 100 within their first month in the history of the training camp. However, the earliest case was 20 years ago while the latest was 8 years ago. Something like this hasn’t happened in the training camp for a while.

And this time, it seemed like Luo Feng was about to make a miracle.

“In March, Luo Feng was last place on the black dragon ranking, so he only has an hour in the training room” laughed a yellow skinned middle aged man, “It’ll be 11:20 soon. At that time, no matter what, he’ll be kicked out the virtual space for sure. Fellow students, let’s see how the ranking changes at 11:20 PM”

It was currently 11:18…..

19……

20!

Candace and William, the two blonde youths, stared at the ranking.

“It won’t raise, it won’t raise anymore” repeated Candace to himself in his heart.

Updated!

11:20 PM sharp, the ranking updated once again–

NO.68 Luo Feng (570403)


Chapter 125: Turmoil

Even during the night, the names on the black dragon sculpture that was around 20 stories high were clear.

And in this moment, the nearly 100 students and some wargod teachers under the black dragon sculpture all looked at that name with astonishment–“NO. 68 Luo Feng (570403)”. Everyone knew that it was 11:20 PM right now, which was very close to midnight.

All the students that went out to hunt also returned, which means that the chances of this ranking changing were very, very small.

In other words–

It’s basically a fact that Luo Feng will be #68 on April’s ranking.

“This is huge!”

“Where did this messed up Luo Feng pop out of”

“Oh lord!”

Even the calmest people were stunned by this name: the ranking #68 itself isn’t much, but it’s different for a student that achieved the rank of #68 in his first month. The significance of this is way greater than an old student that has been in the training camp for 4 or 5 years achieving rank #1!

“Impossible, #68?” disbelief filled Candace’s dark eyes.

He didn’t want to believe this!

“Candace” whispered William on the side.

“Bullshit!” Candace whispered, “From now on, don’t mess with this Luo Feng”

“Okay” nodded William.

“What bullshit luck” cursed Candace. A chink that he disliked achieved #68 in his first month; how could he be happy? But no matter how unhappy he became….. logic told Candace that he was just letting his feelings get the better of him; he didn’t have a huge grudge against Luo Feng that he would hold to the death.

He’ll just hold in his anger, not mess with Luo Feng, and pretend Luo Feng doesn’t exist!

“This Luo Feng is going to become great”

“He sure is” said a chubby yellow skinned youth, “Only five people in the history of the training camp charged into the top 100, and the most recent case of that was eight years ago. And Luo Feng didn’t just simply charge into the top 100, he’s #68!”. Even though 98 and 68 are both in the top 100, the difference between them is gigantic.

Rank 68, compared to rank 98, is definitely way more powerful!

Everyone knew…..

That every country and powerful organization on earth paid attention to talented people. If someone like Luo Feng was ignored, then that would be weird! Luo Feng with his rank 68 is even more important than the person ranked first! Do we even need to explain how he’s going to be treated?

……

In a residential apartment three km away.

“Holy shit!”

The eyes of the sturdy man with short, dyed blonde hair widened as he looked at the ranking on the screen. He stared at the name that was rank 68, ‘Luo Feng’, and widened his eyes even more. As the captain of this squad of informants, he clearly knew all the information about the students here. He knew exactly……

about the significance of Luo Feng achieving rank 68.

“Hurry, contact the boss!” the sturdy man’s face was fierce.

“Captain, it’s not even midnight yet” giggled a girl wearing revealing clothes.

“Fucking hurry up and contact the boss! RIGHT NOW!!!” the sturdy man glared. All of a sudden, the girl that was just giggling realized the weight of the current situation and immediately started to contact their boss.

…..

“****!”

“This genius is from China. Contact the general, I want to speak with the general immediately”

…..

“#68?”

“He’s only 19 years old and came from a normal family; he didn’t even receive any special training when he was little”

“This Luo Feng is really messed up. Hurry, contact the head!” commanded a middle aged Chinese man.

…..

At this moment, all the organizations representing their respective country, major families, mercenaries, etc. in Hong Ning city were all reporting to their superiors after witnessing the latest update in the black dragon ranking in the training camp!

Someone who could place into the top 100 in a month is an absolute genius.

And #68 is even better.

And he’s only 19!

…..

For the five great countries and the two powerful dojos, a fighter with a rapidly increasing fitness level are worthy to take note of, but by all means not someone to go out of their way for! For body fitness level, dragon blood and some other goods not revealed to the public……

can all easily strengthen the body!

In other words, you can just use up large amounts of money to increase someone’s body fitness level!

However, technique, fist strength level, etc. cannot be improved like that. To improve those, you have to battle, train, and rely on your “experience” and “comprehension”! In terms of the elite training camp…… ‘battle ability amplifier’! Just a bit of your strength can be multiplied several times.

That is skill!

And Luo Feng clearly has a high battle ability amplifier!

Jiang-Nan headquarter city, main city sector.

Female dorms of Jiang-Nan university. One of the 602 rooms was Xu Xin’s. In this dorm was a public living room and four smaller rooms. One girl lived in each of the small rooms. A dorm like this in the Jiang-Nan sector is considered quite high class and you have to pay an extremely high amount of rent.

“Younger sis, I think that young master from the Wang family is pretty good. He’s also head over heels for you” said an extremely attractive mixed girl. She laughed as she lay on the sofa with a nice, hot cup of coffee in hand.

“Older sis, sister Xu Xin likes that Luo Feng, so don’t talk about that Wang family’s young master”

These four girls, including Xu Xin, were currently gossiping.

“Don’t talk about that anymore” frowned Xu Xin.

Xu Xin was clearly unhappy, so the other three girls just laughed and then didn’t say anything further. To be able to live in this dormitory shows that their families are special. However, Xu Xin’s family is still the best out of all of them.

“Hm!” Xu Xin randomly flipped through an economics textbook. However, her attention wasn’t on the book.

Xu Xin was annoyed!

She was annoyed because she’s at the age where she can get married already. In this age, many girls marry while they’re still college students. Xu Xin is from the Xu family and has a pretty high position. As a result, many people are chasing after her, and quite a few of these people were connected to the Xu family in some way.

Xu Xin has a tough personality but, especially the attitude of her family, there are too many things troubling her.

“Hm?” her phone rang.

“A call from brother?” Xu Xin held her phone with confusion. She entered her room and closed the door before picking up.

Xu Gang’s figure appeared on the screen of the cell phone.

“Brother, what is it?” asked Xu Xin in a confused tone.

“Great news, GREAT NEWS!” Xu Gang was smiling brightly on the screen of the cell phone, “Hey, sister, your eye for people is really extraordinary…… this Luo Feng did something absolutely amazing”

Xu Xin was still confused as she asked: “What thing? Oh, you mean entering the top 100 of the elite training camp’s ranking?”

“Not just a simple top 100, but #68!” Xu Gang was delighted, “This news spread like a hurricane; which HR alliance family doesn’t know about this? All the five great countries and headquarter cities know about this too. At least for this moment, every major organization on earth is talking about Luo Feng!”

Xu Xin didn’t hear what Xu Gang said after.

She only knew one thing–

Luo Feng is ranked 68.

Xu Xin wasn’t a simple, normal girl; she knew a lot. So, she absolutely knew what this rank means!

“Sister, the family completely approves of the relationship between you and Luo Feng. Not just our parents, but even our grandparents’ generation completely approve of you and Luo Feng!” Xu Gang smiled as he said that. Naturally, the people who make the decisions in the Xu family are the people in their grandparents’ generation.

Xu Xin didn’t know whether to curse or to laugh after hearing this: this is what a major family is like!

“Oh, understood” Xu Xin nodded.

“Damn, not excited at all?” laughed Xu Gang.

“Hehe” Xu Xin squeezed out a smile, “Happy now, bro?”

The call was soon finished.

Xu Xin’s smile widened: “Now there’s nothing left to worry about!”. Since her family completely supports the relationship between her and Luo Feng, Xu Xin can just ignore all of those young masters bothering her. Without the influence of her family, Xu Xin wouldn’t even care about those people.

“The storm is over!”

“Yeah”

Xu Xin sat in front of her notebook and contacted Luo Feng.

……

Hong-Ning headquarter city, elite training camp.

Luo Feng ran back to his pagoda like a beaten dog after hearing what his seniors Zhao Ruo and Shi Jiang said.

“Holy shit, I caused such a commotion after charging to rank #68?” Luo Feng recalled the moment just now where right when he walked out of the training room and especially out of the Nine Grand Floors….. he was ‘attacked on all sides’. Students came to congratulate him and quite a few students representing their respective organizations came to send their invitations.

Invitation after invitation…..

Their conditions were amazingly great!

Virtually all of them offered over 10 billion per year! This is definitely an astronomical price only used when inviting an ‘advanced level wargod’. Right now, Luo Feng is enjoying better treatment than an ‘advanced level wargod’!

“Man, that training tower! It kicked me out the virtual space right when my one hour was up” Luo Feng sighed, “If I could stay in there for just a bit longer, then… hehe”. Truth be told, Luo Feng’s harvest in the tower of trials was immense.

The second floor of the tower of trials was extremely hard!

Initially, Luo Feng had no hope of passing the second floor’s B grade exam: in just a short three minutes, he was killed three times! However, on the fourth time, Luo Feng managed to once again step into the state of the ‘perfect level technique’. While in that state, Luo Feng coordinated his power and speed.

All of a sudden, he directly passed the B grade exam!

When that happened, Luo Feng’s ranking jumped from #98 to #82! Jumped up by 16!

After that, the C grade exam!

When there was half a minute left from his one hour being up, an electronic sound suddenly reminded Luo Feng: 30 seconds remaining! With this reminder, Luo Feng was distracted for a slight moment….. PUCHI! Death! However, he can’t just blame the virtual space’s reminder, since the C grade exam was too hard.

Just a slight distraction ended up in his death!

However, Luo Feng still managed to receive a tower of trials level of 2.9, since Luo Feng was over half way done with the C grade exam.

When that happened–Luo Feng’s rank jumped from #82 to #68.

“I maintained my perfect level technique state for the entire B and C grade exams, which is over 40 minutes. I guess I have finally entered the perfect level” Luo Feng was filled with joy inside. His true battle power would definitely multiply if his technique goes up by a level, or else how could he have easily passed the B grade exam and almost pass the C grade exam?

“BEEP BEEP!”

A sound carried over from the notebook; an invitation to video chat.

“Hm?” Luo Feng walked over and couldn’t help but to let out a smile as he sat down, “From Xu Xin?”

He immediately pressed ‘accept’.

A video appeared on the screen of his notebook, and it was indeed Xu Xin who was in it.


Chapter 126: Round Table Conference

Candace’s pagoda, study room.

After taking a shower, Candace sat in front of his notebook, which has long received two video chat invitations. Candace took a glance: one invitation was from the Paulinus family’s headquarters while another was from his aunt VeninaPaulinus who was currently living in China.

He pressed ‘accept’ on his aunt’s invitation.

“Aunt” smiled Candace as he yelled.

“Candace, my precious, how are you?” said Venina passionately.

Candace and his aunt were quite close. His parents haven’t been on good terms with each other ever since he was little, so they soon divorced. Venina was the one who raised Candace…… to Candace, Venina is more of a mother than an aunt. The only reason he has his current power is because of his aunt’s guidance.

“Baby, it seems like you aren’t doing that well?” said Venina.

“Yeah, kind of” nodded Candace.

“Because of Luo Feng, the family isn’t very happy about you right now” smiled Venina. Candace couldn’t help but to curse: “I knew those old guys would pick on this. Towards the end of last month, the family asked me to invite Luo Feng. Yeah, I rejected this proposition. But even if I asked, I wouldn’t have succeeded anyway; that Luo Feng already rejected every single invitation he received”

At the end of March, which was when Luo Feng just entered the training camp, the Paulinus family of the HR alliance initially wanted to invite Luo Feng.

However, Candace and William weren’t on good terms with Luo Feng, so how could Candace agree to personally inviting Luo Feng?

“Those guys just want to make a big deal out of everything you do” Venina said carelessly, “You don’t have to worry about that”

“All my brothers are staring at my position and are hoping that I make a big mistake so that they can raise their chances of becoming the successor” sneered Candace.

The internal struggles in large families like the Paulinus family were quite cruel.

“Baby, no worries. Your aunt is definitely supporting you” smiled Venina, “And there are quite a few people in the family supporting you too. You’re already in the world’s best training camp, so you are performing quite well. No worries baby, once you graduate from the training camp and gain some experience, you’ll naturally be able to control the entire family”

“Okay” nodded Candace.

“Your ranking is quite high, so keep working at it and try to charge into the top 30 this year” encouraged Venina.

“I will try my best” nodded Candace.

Candace’s aunt and uncle were his biggest supporters.

“Your aunt has a request for you” Venina’s face wasn’t looking too good.

“What request?” asked Candace in a confused tone.

Venina sighed: “You know that your brother was killed”

“Yeah” Candace knew about that.

“I want you to try and pay attention to this Luo Feng while you’re at the training camp. If he turns out to be a spirit reader, tell me as soon as possible” said Venina. This Luo Feng’s performance attracted Venina and Li Yao’s attention too, which was why they asked Candace to help.

“Spirit reader?” Candace was astonished, “Aunt, you think Luo Feng might be the culprit?”

Of course Candace knew about the astronomical bounty.

“If he’s a spirit reader, then he’s probably the culprit” nodded Venina.

“The possibility of him being a spirit reader isn’t too big” frowned Candace, “However, aunt, don’t worry, I’ll pay attention to him”

For the first 28 days of April, competition was intense. However, now that the ranking was set, the students could relax on the last two days.

29th, 8 AM. In a small practicing hall on the second floor of the Nine Grand Floors.

“Senior”

“Senior”

Luo Feng already greeted three other students when entering the practicing hall and now two other students came in. In all, there were six people: four of them were Chinese and two of them were white. And there were three girls out of the six, taking up half the group.

Considering the male to female ratio in the training camp, it’s quite astonishing that there were three girls in a group of six.

“Luo Feng, you actually charged to #68, nice bro!” a tall, buff Chinese youth laughed as he gave a thumbs up, “Just one word– nice”

An orange haired white girl smiled as she looked at Luo Feng and a bunch of fluent Chinese left her mouth, “In the entire training camp, tons of people were talking about you in the cafeteria this morning. In the past, I didn’t realize how great you were. I want to learn from you, so can we train together this afternoon?”

“Janet, you’ve set your eyes on Luo Feng?” another white girl laughed, “Luo Feng, Janet is asking you on a date, don’t miss this chance”

“So what if I have?” frowned Janet.

“Oh”

“Haha, Luo Feng, hurry up and grab your chance” the others were in an uproar. There were very few female students in the training camp and the male students were willing to marry the other female students. Everyone in the elite training camp is basically guaranteed to become a wargod. If two wargods marry, their children’s future will be bright.

Luo Feng froze.

The girls from the West were even more bold than the ones from the East. Teacher Jiang Fang had six students total. Since she was Chinese, she usually only accepted Chinese people as her students….. occasionally, she would accept students from other countries or headquarter cities, but typically females only!

“Teacher”

“Teacher”

Jiang Fang, wearing a purple training uniform, smiled as she walked in from the door, “Today’s the 29th and all six of you are here. Hm….. Luo Feng, good job, really good job”

This blade technique class lasted until 10:30.

Everybody left one by one.

“Luo Feng, wait a bit” spoke Jiang Fang. The other five students left, so only Luo Feng and Jiang Fang were in the practice hall.

“Teacher” Luo Feng looked at Jiang Fang with confusion.

Jiang Fang smiled as she looked at Luo Feng; she smiled so much that her eyes became two lines. It truly is a joyful thing for a teacher to be able to teach such a great student. Jiang Fang spoke softly: “Luo Feng, you’re only 19 years old and yet you were able to charge to #68 in your first month. You also came from a poor background and received no special training…… I can imagine that all the organizations around the world will offer you amazing things”

“Yeah” nodded Luo Feng.

“However, your teacher is going to remind you something” said Jiang Fang.

“Please” Luo Feng was curious, what would Jiang Fang remind him? Jiang Fang said: “This elite training camp was started by the Dojo of Limits. Even though the HR alliance, the dojos, and all the countries have a deal that they can all fight over the geniuses fairly, the Dojo of Limits won’t easily allow them to join other organizations. So I’m also going to ask you to not join another organization and stay with the Dojo of Limits”

Even though Luo Feng was already a member of the Dojo of Limits.

There’s no saying whether or not he’ll stay in the Dojo of Limits forever. For example, he has the right to accept another organization’s invitation after entering the elite training camp.

“Why?” asked Luo Feng.

“Because the Dojo of Limits will offer you the best conditions” smiled Jiang Fang.

“The best?” Luo Feng was curious.

Smaller powers usually offer better conditions to try and get their target to accept.

And the Dojo of Limits has the best offer?

“Of course” nodded Jiang Fang, “Because our head is the world’s strongest fighter, he obtains the most treasures from the archaeological ruins! Also, the only supplier of the dragon blood in today’s market is our head”

Luo Feng blinked twice.

Listening to what Jiang Fang said…..

The head, ‘Hong’, is the richest man on earth.

“Just wait, in around a day or two, the higher ups will probably summon you” said Jiang Fang.

Virtual space.

In a large conference room. The floor was silver, the wall was silver, and the gigantic round table was silver! Only the six chairs were pure black, a kind of black that seems as if it could swallow up all other colors. Right now, on the chairs encircling the table……

sat five people in white robes.

The ceiling of the conference room was an infinite, boundless starry sky.

Out of the five white robed men, three of them were Chinese, one of them was white, and one of them was black.

“Here is Luo Feng’s data”

“His tower of trials level is 2.9 and his fist strength level is 2.8, so his battle ability amplifier is 8.12, which is ‘superior’” said a white robed Chinese man. 1-2 is beginner, 2-4 is intermediate, 4-8 is advanced, 8-16 is superior. Luo Feng just stepped into the range of superior.

A white robed black man nodded: “His battle score from hunting monsters is comparable to the old students that have been in the training camp for three years already. His battle ability amplifier is superior; even though he just entered that range, it’s comparable to the average fourth year student. Combining the two, he’s ranked 68”

“Investigator Wang, I agree with inviting Luo Feng, but the conditions you’re offering…..”

“Vladimir, I think my offer isn’t high”

These five white robed men were discussing here.

If some wargods from the Dojo of Limits saw this, they would surely be extremely excited. Because this is the legendary discussion of the highest level–the round table conference! Only six people had the right to participate in the round table conference–the head, ‘Hong’, and the five big investigators. The five big investigators were all existences surpassing the wargod level!

The head and the five big investigators make up the highest level of authority in the Dojo of Limits.

Any one of them could make a country tremble in fear.

Usually, the five big investigators hold the round table conference together; the head himself rarely participates. Since the five big investigators are usually spread out around the world, they usually hold this round table conference in the virtual space. Naturally, other wargods have only heard of this round table conference but have never witnessed it.

“Five investigators!” an electronic sound rang.

Silence.

The five investigators raised their heads towards the sky. From the starry sky above the conference room, five documents floated down and one landed in front of each investigator. The electronic sound continued: “This is the head’s decision on Luo Feng’s matter. If you have any objections, you can report to the head. If there aren’t any objections, then carry this decision out”

“Any objections” asked the electronic sound.

“No” “No” “No” “No” “No”

The five investigators quickly flipped through the documents and swiftly gave their reply.

“Then, investigator Wang, please execute this decision immediately!” said the electronic sound.


Chapter 127: Summons

The last day of April, morning. There was a drizzle outside and it was a bit cool.

Hong-Nin headquarter city, a quiet, ancient-styled pagoda in the elite training camp.

Jiang Fang, who was wearing white clothes, sat cross legged in the training room. She breathed in and out deeply and slowly. In the process, Jiang Fang started sweating from every part of her body and her skin was slightly red. Suddenly, a long flute sound rang, causing Jiang Fang to open her eyes.

“Who would call at this time?” Jiang Fang got up with confusion and walked bare footed across the training room, towards her cell phone in the corner.

She looked at the name displayed on the cell phone.

Jiang Fang’s face changed and immediately changed her attitude by quite a bit: “Investigator Wang!”

“Jiang Fang, go contact your student Luo Feng and bring him to me” a slightly hoarse sound carried out from the cell phone.

“Yes” replied Jiang Fang.

After hanging up, Jiang Fang let out a smile: “Like I thought, the higher ups are going to find Luo Feng. Well yeah, we haven’t seen a student that charged into the top 100 in his first month for eight years already, and Luo Feng’s #68”. The summons from the higher ups were entirely in her predictions. After that, Jiang Fang dialed Luo Feng’s phone number.

“BEEP–BEEP–BEEP–”

This person is currently busy.

“Hm?”

“How come he’s not picking up” Jiang Fang frowned and put her cell phone away. She changed clothes and started to walk towards Luo Feng’s place.

Jiang-Nan pagoda, in Luo Feng’s underground training room.

Luo Feng was shirtless and barefooted; he was only wearing long pants. At this time, he was completely drenched in sweat and his hair was completely wet.

“CHOP!” In this five meter long and wide underground training room, Luo Feng’s feet moved and charged forward like lightning. At the same time, he chopped with his bare right hand. “CHI” The air made a paper tearing-like sound which was followed by a sonic boom. And after chopping with his right hand, Luo Feng used the momentum to take a step back.

Luo Feng’s spiritual force clearly felt his chop splitting the air like water, which caused a powerful sonic boom.

His hand was like a real blade and each chop surpassed the speed of sound.

In this alloyed training room, Luo Feng’s figure was sometimes blurry and sometimes clear. Each of his steps were astonishingly fast and his hand attacked the air like a real blade. Each and every one of his attacks were exploding with 2.8x their original force.

After punching a thousand times, your technique becomes natural.

This is one of the phrases that Jiang Fang has said. Jiang Fang said that whether blade technique, technique, etc. the only way to improve is by practicing over and over again. If you just sit there and think, you won’t improve no matter how much thinking you do.

Want to improve your technique?

Practice!

Want to improve your blade technique?

Practice!

Want to improve your fist strength level?

Practice!

Use your brain while practicing again and again over a long period of time. Only by doing this will you improve!

…..

Jiang Fang, who was wearing a black, loose training uniform made out of silk, held an umbrella as she arrived at Jiang-Nan pagoda.

“Luo Feng!” yelled Jiang Fang right when she arrived at the courtyard of Jiang-Nan pagoda.

A young girl with an umbrella in hand jumped off the second floor of the neighboring pagoda; she was precisely Zhao Ruo. Zhao Ruo giggled: “Teacher Jiang Fang, if you want to find Luo Feng, you could’ve just called. No need to personally come”

Whoosh!

In Luo Feng’s pagoda, a shadow appeared on the first floor and flew up the stairs: “Teacher, I’ll be down in a moment”

Zhao Ruo and Jiang Fang froze.

Both of them were experts with amazing vision. Of course they saw that Luo Feng was barefooted and only had long pants on.

“He sure is hard working; his body is drenched in sweat” praised Zhao Ruo, “His body is quite nice too, right teacher?”

“You little girl” laughed Jiang fang.

She actually got teased by this Zhao Ruo.

Zhao RUo made a funny face and giggled.

“Where’s Shi Jiang, he’s not here?” asked Jiang Fang.

“Senior Shi Jiang went to the Nine Grand Floors this morning. Unlike us, he gets a ton of time in the training room and archaeological gravity room” Zhao Ruo shook her head and purposefully sighed, “How sad. In one or two years, Luo Feng will probably charge into the top 10. When compared to them, I’m so pitiful!”

Jiang Fang laughed: “If you want to improve, then you better start thinking”

At this time, Luo Feng, wearing a casual outfit, charged downstairs with an umbrella in hand: “Teacher”

“Come with me” said Jiang Fang.

Luo Feng obediently held his umbrella and left Jiang-Nan pagoda with Jiang Fang.

Walking in a fog filled training camp had a different taste to it.

Jiang Fang glanced at Luo Feng and smiled: “Luo Feng, investigator Wang wants to see you”

“Investigator?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Investigator: That’s the title of the absolute top of the Dojo of Limits. Rumors say that the head and the five big investigators make all the decisions in the Dojo of Limits! As the strongest fighter on earth, the head can’t involve himself with many things, which is where the five big investigators come into play.

“I told you last time that the higher ups want to meet you, didn’t I?” laughed Jiang Fang.

“Teacher, what should I be aware of when meeting this investigator?” Luo Feng was a bit nervous.

He’s an investigator after all!

An existence standing at the peak of humanity with extraordinary strength. Luo Feng has only took a glance of ‘Zhu Xi’ from far away back at wargod Xu Gang’s memorial. At that time, all the big figures from the government and wargods were all extremely polite to him.

“Don’t worry, you’re not going to beg him for anything. And the Dojo is the one that wants to recruit you” Jiang Fang lightly described, “So, don’t be too nervous. I believe that when investigator Wang sees you, even if he doesn’t smile, he won’t be acting like investigators usually do”

“You just have to watch your attitude a bit and don’t get cocky. Just treat him like you would treat a senior or a teacher” said Jiang Fang.

“Oh” nodded Luo Feng.

As he followed Jiang Fang, he quickly arrived at the wargod teachers’ residential area. While there, he discovered a seemingly normal, quiet villa. This villa had a Tang dynasty style to it. The only thing particularly different about this villa when compared to the other wargods’ villas was…… it took up a bit more space.

“Teacher Jiang Fang, Mr. Investigator is currently waiting for you and student Luo Feng” at the gate of the villa, an old butler smiled as he said that.

After entering through the gate.

Luo Feng glanced and saw three women currently chatting in the lobby of the villa.

“Hey, it’s Jiang” one of the women that had nice skin and gave off an aristocratic aura smiled, “Old Wang is waiting in the guest room upstairs. Old Wang just said….. let that Luo Feng kid go up alone. Jiang, come and chat with us. We can play mahjong later?”

“Yea Jiang, don’t just train all the time” said another woman.

These types of women are usually the family of wargod teachers.

“You go up first” said Jiang Fang.

“Okay”

Luo Feng went up the stairs alone. When he arrived at the second floor, he smelled a faint, yet relaxing, smell of tea. Following the smell, he easily arrived at the guest room’s door.

The door was left open.

“Come in” a hoarse voice rang.

Luo Feng walked into the guest room and instantly saw the only other person in the room — a skinny man that was sitting cross legged. He had a moustache and seemed to be around 40 years old. From his looks you could tell that he was quite handsome when he was young. At this moment, this skinny man’s eyes were closed and had prayer beads in one hand.

A tea cup was placed on the table in front of him.

“Mr. Investigator” Luo Feng slightly bowed.

The skinny man slightly opened his eyes. As he was being stared at, Luo Feng felt like his body left this world. The guest room was just this simple room, and this skinny man was like the ‘spirit’ of this room; the pressure he gave off was enough to suffocate Luo Feng.

“Sit!” the skinny man pointed in front of the table.

There weren’t any chairs in this room, how does he sit?

Luo Feng could only copy investigator Wang and sit cross legged on the floor.

“Carefully look through the contract in front of you. If there isn’t any problem, sign it” said investigator Wang quietly. After that, he closed his eyes again and rubbed his prayer beads.

On the table was a contract that was made up of three papers total.

Luo Feng took and carefully examined them.

Unlike normal contracts, this was an official recruitment contract of the Dojo of Limits. For example, when a regular fighter joins the Dojo of Limits, they receive no salary, just like Luo Feng from the past! Even though they have no salary, the Dojo of Limits doesn’t request much from them.

However, this contract was different!

There was authority and money! But there was also responsibility! “Five billion chinese dollars a year?” Luo Feng slightly frowned. This price wasn’t high; in fact, it was quite low.

A beginner level wargod could make this much money in a year.

And Luo Feng is currently treated better than advanced level wargods. None of the other organizations that invited him offered a price lower than 10 billion chinese dollars.

“Huh…..”

“According to this contract, only an extremely small amount of people in the Dojo of Limits have a salary?” in the contract, there were lots of information about salaries. Even the highest position, the ‘investigator’, only receives 10 billion a year.

The Dojo of Limits doesn’t pay that much.

However, people usually don’t join the Dojo of Limits for money!

“Huh?”

Luo Feng’s eyes flashed when he flipped to the third page.

“If your battle ability amplifier reaches 12 by August 1, 2057, you will be eligible to receive a Q series battle uniform set, a full collection of weapons, any complete instruction manual, and one portion of dragon blood worth 80 billion”

“If your battle ability amplifier reaches 12 within the range of August 1, 2057–January 1st, 2058, you will be eligible to receive a Q series battle uniform set, a full collection of weapons, and a drop of chrysoprase worth 30 billion.

“If your battle ability amplifier reaches 16 by January 1st, 2060, you will be eligible to receive a SS rank battle uniform set, a full collection of weapons, any three complete instruction manuals, one portion of dragon blood worth 80 billion, and one set of ‘Black God’ from the archaeological ruins”

“If your……”


Chapter 128: Renewable

There were five rewards in total. Each of the rewards were quite attractive.

But the requirements for them were very high too.

“Battle ability amplifier of 12?” Luo Feng sighed, “Someone with a battle ability amplifier of 12 could easily stay within the top 20”. After reading the student notice file and talking with older students like Shi Jiang and Zhao Ruo, Luo Feng understood how difficult it was to raise your battle ability amplifier.

1-2 is beginner… 4-8 is advanced, and 8-16 is superior!

You can say that there are times where none of the students in the camp have a battle ability amplifier surpassing 16!

In other words, a battle amplifier of 14 to 15 is enough to get into the top 5.

Reach 13 and you normally can get into the top 10.

Reach 12 and you normally can get into the top 20.

This is an estimated standard.

“The rewards are astonishing but the requirements are strict! This third line offers so many rewards if I can reach a battle ability amplifier of 16 before January 1st of 2060. If you translate it into terms of cash, the price would be incredibly high”. Even existences surpassing the wargod level would be reluctant to spend that much money for those things!

“However, it expects me to reach a battle ability amplifier of 16 in just less than three years” Luo Feng felt pressured.

It’s hard to say whether or not any student in the training camp has a battle ability amplifer of 16 right now.

However……

There were still students that graduated with a battle ability amplifier of 16 in the history of the training camp.

“The closest rewards to me right now are the ones requiring me to reach a battle ability amplifier of 12”. The earlier he reaches that level, the more rewards he’ll receive. If he can reach it by August 1st, he’ll also receive a shocking amount of rewards. If he reaches it by the end of the year, the rewards will be a bit lower.

If he reaches it next year or even the year after that, there’ll be no rewards at all.

“Finished reading yet?” the hoarse sound rose.

On the opposite side of the tea table, investigator Wang looked at Luo Feng.

“Finished” Luo Feng nodded.

“Any problems?” said investigator Wang emotionlessly.

Luo Feng said respectfully: “Mr. Investigator, I have a question. Can I change one of the rewards to an elixir of life worth 30 billion if they are equal in cost?”

His brother Luo Hua needs an elixir of life to grow his legs out again, and he has no idea when the next auction will be for it.

He might as well try to get it from the Dojo of Limits.

“No changes!” investigator Wang shook his head slightly, “No changes to any part of this contract”

“No changes to any part of this contract?” Luo Feng was shocked.

They shouldn’t be this forceful when discussing a contract, especially when the Dojo of Limits is the one that’s inviting him. Since an investigator showed himself, the Dojo is clearly trying to show that they truly want him to join.

“Student Luo Feng, this contract was personally formed by the head himself. So, other than the head, nobody has the right to change it” spoke investigator Wang.

“Head? Hong?”

Luo Feng froze.

Luo Feng’s generation grew up listening to the legends of Hong: the #1 fighter, the richest man, the person who stands at the top of the world!

Hong actually was the one who made this contract; no wonder this investigator didn’t have the right to change it.

“You really want an elixir of life?” investigator Wang examined the young man in front of him.

“Yes” nodded Luo Feng.

“This isn’t hard. According to schedule, there should be an auction for the elixir of life in the second half of this year. At that time, you can just attend the auction” investigator Wang rubbed his prayer beads as he said that. His voice was hoarse and he spoke extremely slowly. Talking with him made one unknowingly fall into his meditative atmosphere.

“The second half of this year?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to be shocked.

Investigator Wang said expressionlessly: “This elixir of life isn’t any rare thing in the first place. If it wasn’t for the American army attempting to trick other people and organizations, there wouldn’t be any reason for having an auction” in front of Luo Feng, investigator Wang didn’t even attempt to keep this secret.

“Not something rare?” Luo Feng was flabbergasted, “Isn’t the main ingredient for this the soul of the existence that surpasses the horde leader level–the emperor level ‘Earth Dragon’ and then…..”

“Who did you hear this from?” asked investigator Wang calmly.

“The internet” Luo Feng froze.

Investigator Wang took up the tea cup in front of him and lightly sipped before saying, “How could they reveal the secret used to make the elixir of life? The American army is just using the internet to help raise the price of the elixir of life and to make everyone think that this thing is so rare. They intentionally created these rumors to make it seem more valuable”

“Rumors?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Remember” investigator Wang looked at Luo Feng, “Almost all the treasures on the internet that regular fighters know about can be produced; they all have a set price! Even if you purposefully auction them out, they won’t reach any high price”

“Producible?”

Investigator Wang slightly nodded: “Producible, which means that these treasures can be produced if enough money is invested! For example, the ‘elixir of life’ is actually a potion. After putting in tons of energy and materials, it can be created from a piece of medical equipment that the American army retrieved from an archaeological ruin!”

Luo Feng froze.

So medical equipment from long ago could produce these types of medicine.

“As long as they invest a lot, they’ll be able to create another portion. So tell me, can this potion sell for an astronomical price?” investigator Wang slightly laughed, “For example, the dragon blood worth 80 billion, do you actually believe…… that it’s the blood from the heart of an emperor level ‘dragon’?”

“Right now, around the entire earth, fewer than 10 emperor level dragon monsters exist!”

“However, our Dojo of Limits is still selling them! As long as you have money, our Dojo of Limits can sell you some” said investigator Wang, “Even if you want to buy 10 portions, we can sell them to you. Tell me….. if there are less than 10 dragons around the world, where does this dragon blood come from?”

Yeah.

Even if you kill all of the dragons, you won’t have 10 portions of dragon blood. But the Dojo of Limits is still able to sell them!

“This dragon blood, is still actually dragon blood”

“The dragon blood our Dojo provides could even be slightly more effective than the dragon blood from the blood of the heart of an emperor level dragon!” said investigator Wang, “However, only the head can create this dragon blood. This isn’t much of a secret”

Luo Feng nodded in understanding. Things with a clear price label on them, even though they’re precious, can be produced.

As long as you invest money and resources, they are producible!

“True treasures, like unique treasures that can never be created again, are the truly expensive things!” said investigator Wang, “However, you won’t find information about such treasures on the internet. Things like that aren’t even sold publicly and won’t appear in auctions either. For example, there are around a dozen things on this world that can strengthen your body”

“But the only one with a price label on it is dragon blood”

“And even though some of the other body enhancing treasures aren’t producible, they might not be as effective as dragon blood!”

“And some of them are even more effective than dragon blood!”

“Dragon blood allows someone’s strength to multiply by a few times. Some treasures can multiply your strength by three or four times, while some can multiply it by 10 times. However, a treasure like that has been consumed around 20 years ago; there’s none left on earth anymore”

Luo Feng was stunned as he listened.

So these treasures were divided into the categories ‘Producible” and ‘Non-producible’. The truly valuable, unique treasures will never appear in public auctions. Existences like ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’ have more money than they can spend. Whether with their fists or with cash, they’ll be able to get that treasure right away.

Who would sell them publicly?

“No wonder the rewards in the Dojo of Limits are so good”

“The dragon blood is from our Dojo of Limits. Instruction manuals? They seem extremely expensive, but the Dojo itself is selling them too. As for the battle uniform, the Dojo only has to pay for its cost”. Even though Luo Feng understood everything, the rewards were still quite high. Dragon blood definitely isn’t created out of thin air: you need to invest in it.

Battle uniforms, etc. need materials too. Just the cost to produce them is extremely high.

“This contract is unchangeable. Are you willing to sign it?” investigator Wang let out a rare smile.

“Yes”

Luo Feng nodded and immediately signed the contract.

“Sign again here” investigator Wang handed over another identical contract, “Keep one for yourself. The Dojo will keep the other one”

After signing the contract, Luo Feng is officially a member of the core of the Dojo of Limits. For now, he’ll receive five billion a year.

As of now, his primary goal is–

To try and reach a battle ability amplifier of 12 before August 1st.

“If I succeed, I’ll receive a portion of dragon blood!”. Dragon blood can instantly multiply a person’s strength. Your training speed will increase too. What Luo Feng needs the most right now is a higher body fitness level. The stronger his body becomes, the stronger his spiritual force becomes!

Becoming an advanced level wargod level spirit reader is Luo Feng’s true goal!

And dragon blood can speed up this process by many times!

…..

April 30th, night, first floor of the training camp’s cafeteria.

Students of all skin color were split up into groups and sat with each other as they ate dinner.

“Luo Feng, seems like you’re in a good mood” smiled Zhao Ruo.

“Not bad” grinned Luo Feng.

One reason is because of the contract, and another reason is because he found out that the ‘elixir of life’ is a renewable resource. If so, then he wouldn’t have to worry about being unable to buy it with money!

“Everyone, everyone”

Suddenly, a deep sound echoed around the cafeteria.

All the students looked over and saw a Chinese wargod teacher yelling with a face full of excitement: “Here’s a piece of good news for you all. Before this year’s ‘Life and Death Adventure’ begins, which is on August 1st, the head of our Dojo of Limits, the world’s strongest fighter ‘Hong’, will personally come to the training camp”

“What!”

“omg!”

“It’s Hong, it’s Hong, Hong!”

The entire cafeteria went into an uproar. Students from all sorts of different places around the world started yelling with excitement, their faces filled with joy.

Hong!

As of now, Hong is like a god on this world.

No matter which country, which area, which fighter, and even regular people, they all knew this one name–Hong! Everyone knew the world’s strongest fighter is ‘Hong’!

“Hong”

“Lord”

Some black people even started dancing in excitement. All the students stood up and started discussing. Holy, even in the elite training camp, meeting ‘Hong’ is extremely difficult. Usually, Hong visits the training camp once every few years. Who knew that Hong will be coming this summer.

“Luo Feng, it’s Hong” Zhao Ruo pulled Luo Feng and jumped with excitement, “I’ve never seen Hong in the three years I’ve been here”

“Yea, yea” Luo Feng was also excited inside.

He must personally see this #1 person on earth.

“August 1st, before the Life and Death adventure?” Luo Feng was excited, “Okay, I’ll work hard and raise my battle ability amplifer to 12! I still have three months!”

Today: April 31st.

There were indeed still three more months until August 1st. If Luo Feng wanted to receive a portion of dragon blood, he won’t have time to relax for even a moment in the next three months.


Chapter 129: Three Months

Luo Feng was ranked 68 on April’s ranking, which means he can only hunt monsters in the wilderness on the even days and stay in the camp during the odd days in May.

May 1st, around 4 PM.

The elevator door opened with a “DING” on the first floor of the Nine Grand Floors.

“Hm, yea, Luo Feng, your blade technique has lots of hope. You just entered the second state, so what you need to do now is stabilize it there until it’s almost perfect!” Jiang Fang walked out of the elevator door with Luo Feng, Janet, etc.

Luo Feng nodded as if he had his own plans ready: “Understood, teacher”

“Keep working at it!” Jiang Fang smiled as she encouraged.

After walking out of the gate of the Nine Grand Floors, Jiang Fang directly headed towards her living quarters. Luo Feng, Janet, and another Chinese youth also prepared to head towards their respective buildings.

“Janet”

“Janet”

The repeated yells caused the three to stop and turn their heads. What they saw was the blond youth Candace who had quite the feeling of a gentleman to him. He swiftly charged out of the lobby of the first floor and smiled as he looked at Janet: “Janet, do you have any time tonight? If so, we could eat dinner together”

Luo Feng heard and said to himself: so he’s just trying to pick up girls.

There were very few female students in the elite training camp, so tons of people were chasing after each one.

“Oh, sorry, I’m going to eat dinner with Luo Feng tonight” Janet smiled sweetly and wrapped around Luo Feng’s left arm.

Candace’s expression froze.

Luo Feng froze too.

“Senior” Luo Feng looked at Janet. Janet was indeed very pretty and had a nice body. Her skin was extremely white, like an angel’s. During class, Janet had hinted her intentions several times and even asked to go on dates. Even though he never accepted any of her invitations, this senior didn’t back down at all.

Western girls sure are brave.

But he already has Xu Xin…..

“Janet!” Candace was a bit angry.

“Sorry Candace” Janet smiled as she closely hugged Luo Feng’s arm and walked away.

Candace’s face was extremely horrible as he watched Luo Feng and Janet disappear at the corner ahead. At this time, another boy walked out of the lobby of the first floor: he was indeed William. “Candace, I already told you but you aren’t willing to believe! Many students in the training camp already know that Janet is interested in Luo Feng; she even asks him to go on dates with her. It’s way easier for a girl to chase a guy. They probably already slept on the same bed together. Why are you still chasing after Janet!” said William with dissatisfaction.

“Bastard!”

Candace clenched his fists and his face was green.

There were barely any female students in the training camp in the first place, and beautiful girls were even rarer! Who knows how many male students have had their eyes on Janet ever since she entered the training camp. Candace was one of those guys too. First, he liked her looks. Second, if he had a wargod wife!

Then even more people in the Paulinus family would support him!

“This Luo Feng just had to have the same teacher as Janet. Since they’re together all day, there’s no helping the fact that they’ll end up together” William shook his head as he shrugged, “And teacher Jiang Fang usually only accepts Chinese people. Either that, or female students. Guys from the EU have no chance of becoming her students”

“I don’t believe that I won’t be able to get her!” Candace squinted and a cold light flashed across his eyes.

Anger!

If a regular student dared to fight with Candace, then he would naturally have his own tricks to use. And he has already been in the training camp for three years and is on his fourth. As an old student that has been here for four years, he’s considered quite special to be able to get to around rank 40! He is quite confident that he can get into the top 20 during his fifth year.

Candace really didn’t care about the average student.

“Luo Feng! Fighting over my woman!” Candace was green from rage.

“Hold it in! Hold it in!”

The Dojo of Limits intentionally spread around the information of Luo Feng joining them: this news has already spread to each major country and organization. Candace was clear that Luo Feng definitely will eventually become one of the higher ups of the Dojo of Limits. Even the Paulinus family has to be careful when dealing with such a figure.

So, Candace didn’t dare to use his tactics.

“Hmph!”

Candace could only keep his anger to himself. Enduring is an ability a successor to a large family must learn!

“It’s just fair competition. Janet will definitely become mine” mumbled Candace.

…..

Right when Luo Feng and Janet went around the corner, they split up.

“Senior, I already have a girlfriend” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to admit that, in terms of looks, Janet was more beautiful than Xu Xin. In terms of strength and talent, Janet was a genius of geniuses.

“So what if you have a girlfriend. Even if you’re married I’ll still try to steal you over. Hmph, Luo Feng, your senior won’t give up” Janet smiled towards Luo Feng and headed towards her living quarters.

Luo Feng smacked his head.

Holy…..

How did he encounter such a senior.

“I’ll stop thinking about this. Yup. There’s around two more hours until dinner, so I’ll go back and work on my blade technique. My blade technique already has the feeling of a thunderbolt. According to what the teacher said, I should try to perfect my blade’s current state” Luo Feng immediately rushed back towards Jiang-Nan pagoda and studied his blade technique in his underground training room!

…..

To Luo Feng, the elite training camp was like a holy place to raise your strength. The best shortcuts to increasing your strength were here. Whenever you get confused about a concept, you can ask a teacher to clear things up. There’s even copied gravity rooms and training rooms designed to improve your blade technique, leading to a rapid increase in one’s skill.

Studying his blade technique, polishing up his technique, learning how to better control his power, working on the Nine Stage Thunder Blade.

Every other day, he’ll personally hunt monsters in the wilderness.

Luo Feng’s every day was extremely helpful to him.

And Luo Feng always had a goal in mind: to reach a battle ability amplifer of 12 by August 1st! Although this goal was extremely, extremely difficult to reach. From the rewards given in the contract, one could understand just how difficult it would be to reach a battle ability amplifer of 12 in three months!

But no matter how hard it is, he has to go for it.

The only thing Luo Feng can do is make the most of his time and improve every day!

…..

Time flowed. With his entire body and mind immersed in the world of fighting, time passed quickly.

In a blink of an eye, it’s already July.

In July, it was unbelievably hot, yet the nights had a hint of cold.

In Jiang-Nan pagoda, Luo Feng’s study room.

A stick of incense was lit; the aroma that emanated around the quiet room was calming. Luo Feng himself was wearing a loose silk robe as he sat cross legged, Wu Xin Xiang Tian. He was currently absorbing energy for genetic energy to strengthen his body. Luo Feng’s countless cells were swiftly working like a factory. After the energy went through the cells, it transformed into genetic energy.

The genes in the cells of a human change ever so slightly while absorbing genetic energy….. this change is extremely tiny, but it piles up over time. After a while, the body goes from fragile and weak to tougher than steel; its skin could even be firmer than diamonds. This is the amazing part of the human body.

After a while…..

Luo Feng opened his eyes.

“It’s already July, July in just a blink of an eye” said Luo Feng to himself.

The Life and Death adventure begins on August.

The elite training camp allows the students to go home on January and February. For the other 10 months, nine of them are extremely safe, whether in the training camp or in the carefully watched #1001 city in the wilderness. In these nine months, deaths rarely occur.

The only dangerous month is August!

August is the month of the Life and Death adventure. At that time, all the students will have to leave the training camp, ride a plane towards a dangerous location, and adventure there for a month!

If these elite students don’t train themselves on the border of life and death, they won’t become great in the future. So the training camp especially took out the month of August to let all of these students train on the border of life and death! However, these students are quite powerful, so it’ll be hard to kill them. Even so, there is still around a 10% chance of death for the students in the training camp.

“August is the Life and Death adventure, and it’s already the first of July”

“I still have a month. However, my battle ability amplifier is only 8.96, still far away from 12!” Luo Feng frowned.

Actually, Luo Feng’s improvement these two months was astonishing.

His blade technique ‘thunderbolt’ has completely formed already. His weapon is in the second state of ‘expert’ and almost perfect; even teacher Jiang Fang compliments him over and over!

His technique has completed stabilized in the perfect level.

The only thing that hasn’t been making progress is his Nine Stage Thunder Blade’s fourth stage. Even though Luo Feng is able to control his strength much more delicately, he still can’t reach the fourth stage.

During May, Luo Feng’s tower of trials level reached 3.0. As for the A grade exam of the third floor, Luo Feng couldn’t even last ten seconds. Only until his blade technique formed and his perfect technique stabilized was he able to achieve a tower of trials level of ‘3.1’ at the end of May.

June, also at the end of the month, Luo Feng’s tower of trials level only reached 3.2.

So, Luo Feng’s battle ability amplifier is 8.96.

To sum everything up, Luo Feng hasn’t been able to pass the A grade exam of the third floor in these two months. Know that even wargod teacher ‘Yang Hui’ only has a tower of trials level of 3.2. To be able to reach this level is quite exceptional already. However, Luo Feng’s greatest advantage is his fist strength level!

TheNine Stage Thunder Bladeclaims to be the world’s best technique for force exertions.

Other instruction manuals, even rank SS or S ones…

even if you complete them, you’ll only reach a multiplier of three or four.

And a completed Nine Stage Thunder Bladegives a multiplier of seven! Right now, Luo Feng has reached a multiplier of 2.8, which is much stronger than many of the older students.

Even though Luo Feng isn’t too satisfied with himself, he’s quite famous in the training camp. Because in May, Luo Feng was ranked 56 on the black dragon ranking. In June, he charged all the way up to rank 48; the top 50! And Candace was only rank 40 during June.

Of course…..

For Luo Feng, his body fitness level was the thing that improved the most!


Chapter 130: Crazy Plan

Even though there were very few chances to use the archaeological gravity room in the training camp, its benefits were amazing! And every day, he had two hours to use the copied gravity room. Even though the copied gravity room could only go up to 3x gravity, you could use it for a long time.

So, Luo Feng’s rate of improvement here was clearly faster than his rate of improvement in Jiang-Nan city.

At the end of March, Luo Feng’s fist strength was 11,500 kg.

At the end of April, Luo Feng’s fist strength reached 13,600 kg. In one month, it rose by 2,100 kg; he is clearly improving much faster than before.

At the end of May, Luo Feng’s fist strength reached 16,500 kg. In one month, it rose by 2,900 kg. This was mainly because he had an extra hour to use the archaeological gravity room. With this one hour, he could split it into 20 minutes a day over three days. The effect of these three days is comparable to 15 days! This shows how helpful the archaeological gravity room is.

Of course, Luo Feng’s increased body fitness level contributed to his faster training speed too.

The stronger your body becomes, the faster you’ll improve.

At the end of June, which was yesterday, Luo Feng personally tested his fist strength: 19,600 kg. In one month, it rose by 3,100 kg. Compared to May, this improvement isn’t too great.

Keep in mind that–

16,000 —- 32,000 kg is the range of an intermediate level warlord. 32,000 —- 64,000 kg is the range of an advanced level warlord. After 64,000 kg, it’ll be in the range of a wargod.

Under the explosion of 2.8x, Luo Feng can reach roughly 55,000 kg; not too far from a beginner level wargod!

“I was ranked #48 last month, which means the time I’ll have in the archaeological gravity room will multiply” Luo Feng was clear that 20 minutes a day over the course of three days in the archaeological gravity room was comparable to 15 days worth of regular training!

This month, Luo Feng had four hours: he could split it into 12 different sessions of 20 minutes.

After testing over long periods of time, this is the most efficient schedule that the students of the elite training camp came up with. The efficiency of 20 minutes over three days in the archaeological gravity room is practically double the efficiency of one hour in a day!

“Last month, I improved by 3,100 kg. This month, I should be able to reach around 4,000”

“If it keeps going like this, my body fitness level will reach the beginner wargod level in 10 months. With my spiritual force, I’ll be in the advanced wargod level!” In 10 months, he’ll be invincible in the wargod level range….. Of course, this is assuming that the dark, golden ball has enough spiritual force.

Just keep hoping…..

Hope that the dark, golden ball will be able to last until he becomes an advanced wargod!

“If I could get a portion of dragon blood!”

“Then I could become an advanced wargod in just one or two months” Luo Feng really wanted to get a portion of dragon blood. The effects of the dragon blood will be different based off the user’s strength. The stronger you are, the weaker the effect. However, it’ll usually be able to multiply your strength! And it will increase a fighter’s training speed!

Dragon blood!

And right now, he has a chance to receive a portion of dragon blood, which is to reach a battle ability amplifier of 12 before August 1st.

“12! I’m only 8.96 now, what should I do?”

“It’ll be hard to make a breakthrough in just a short month via conventional ways of training” Luo Feng clenched his teeth, “There’s no other way, I’ll have to do that!”

Fight with his life on the line!

The best way to increase your strength is to fight with your life on the line.

These types of fights can be split into two kinds: fights against monsters and fights against humans.

Naturally, it’ll be better to fight against an intelligent human who is proficient with his technique! However, there won’t be a point in fighting with someone with a huge difference in skill. Either you beat them in one hit or they beat you in one hit; where’s the ‘battle to the death’ aspect of this? The best opponent–

is someone who has a similar level of skill!

But which fighters are willing to stake their life on the line? Thankfully, they have battle rooms. In the virtual space, they can fight to the death without worrying about anything.

However–

You need money for a staked match in the battle room! Or you need points!

“It’s just money”

“I earned five billion from William last time and the Dojo is going to give me five billion this year too! I don’t believe that I’ll lose 10 billion in a month. Even if I lose 10 billion, it’ll be worth it as long as I can reach a battle ability amplifer of 12” Luo Feng’s final deadline was in a month.

And he decided to risk all his money!

…..

On the second day, Luo Feng returned to Jiang-Nan pagoda at around 8 PM after hunting monsters in the wilderness.

“WHAT, you want to have staked matches against so many people?” Shi Jiang looked at Luo Feng with astonishment.

Luo Feng nodded: “Yea. Senior, I don’t really understand the strength of the people here in the training camp. I want to have staked matches with people that are around my level, so I hope you can tell me which people have similar strength to me!”. If the opponent’s strength is way above his, then there’s no point in a battle to the death. He’ll also just be giving away free money that way.

“You sure are working hard” Shi Jiang shook his head, “Staked matches: the lowest the virtual space system accepts is a billion Chinese dollars. One billion every match: this is a huge number”

“And, people weaker than you might not be willing to accept the challenge”

“Only those who are confident in beating you will accept the staked match. With so many battles, you’ll probably lose a ton of money” Shi Jiang shook his head and sighed, “Okay, some people in the training camp are better at hunting monsters even though their strength isn’t that high. And some people are strong but don’t really care about the ranking”

The black dragon ranking is a score ranking.

Even though it reflects each student’s strength to a certain extent, it can’t fully represent the entire student body.

Shi Jiang, as an old student and one of the strongest people in the training camp, indeed understands the strength of quite a few people.

“I’ll give you a list. On the list will be people whose strength nears you. Whoever performs better in the battle will win” after Shi Jiang said that, he opened up the ranking on his notebook. As he looked at the ranking, he swiftly tapped on his keyboard and typed out a list.

A total of 32 names!

Shi Jiang believed that these people weren’t much stronger or weaker than Luo Feng.

“Thank you, senior” Luo Feng looked at the list: these people were primarily ranked 60—-30. There were some exceptions: one person was ranked 91 while another was ranked 21.

……

Around 9 PM on the same day.

Kyoto Pagoda.

“Luo Feng, what brings you here? Please sit” three guys in Kyoto Pagoda were chatting. When they saw Luo Feng come, they all stood up and greeted him.

“Senior Wang”

Luo Feng said humbly, “I came to have a staked match against you”. Wang Tao was ranked 36 last month.

“Staked match?” Wang Tao, who was on the receiving end of the challenge, frowned: When did he mess with this famous person in the training camp? The expressions of the other two youths changed slightly.

A staked match in the training camp is usually an act of provocation.

“Senior Wang, I just want a friendly match to test our skills against each other; there’s no other meaning to it. We won’t stake points, just money. And we’ll stake the lowest amount, one billion” continued Luo Feng.

Only until hearing this did Wang Tao smile.

The most important things to students are their points, since their points determine their ranking!

Either points or money can be the wager in a staked match. Sometimes, both of them are staked! You can stake, at lowest, 2,000 points. As for money, the lowest is one billion Chinese dollars! Luo Feng isn’t staking points and only the lowest amount of money possible: clearly, he just wants a friendly match with no ill intentions. “Haha, alright! I’ll accept this challenge. When you go back, apply for a challenge and we’ll have a staked match tomorrow” said Wang Tao in a straightforward matter.

Only one billion, and Wang Tao has a higher chance of winning.

He also gives Luo Feng a good impression; why wouldn’t he accept this challenge?

…..

On July 3rd, Luo Feng and Wang Tao fought to the death in a tropical forest in the virtual space.

In the end, Luo Feng lost!

After losing the first round, Luo Feng continued to challenge other students! Luo Feng drew up a tide of battle in the training camp; students rarely challenge others like this. However, Luo Feng wasn’t staking points and only staked the smallest amount of money possible. The opponents he chose were rarely weaker than him too.

So most of the students accepted his challenge!

Some people even heard about what was going on and went to challenge Luo Feng.

On every odd day, Luo Feng found an opponent and fought a battle to the death! You can say that Luo Feng fought the most matches in the month of July.

From the 3rd to the 27th, Luo Feng fought in 36 staked matches: he lost 19 and won 17. Each match had a wager of one billion, since the students clearly didn’t want to make the stakes too high. In other words, he lost two billion!

28th, around 11 PM.

CandacePaulinus returned to his living quarters.

“Luo Feng’s rank actually rose again this month, all the way up to #43. There’s not even an hour left until midnight, so his ranking probably won’t change again” William and Candace walked side by side to their living quarters. Candace yelled with a bad expression on his face: “Don’t mention Luo Feng in front of me!”

William looked at Candace.

Candace’s teeth were clenched: he was clearly enraged.

“I said a long time ago that you should give up on Janet” William sat on a chair, “Janet only has her eyes on Luo Feng”

“That chink” Candace was enraged.

Candace has been trying to make Janet happy for these past three months. Unfortunately, he failed again and again. Clearly, Janet was only looking at Luo Feng. While he was looking at the black dragon ranking tonight, he attempted yet again to get closer to Janet, but was rejected with just one phrase.

“Hold it in!” Candace motivated himself while he attempted to contain his anger.

Logic told him that he couldn’t mess with Luo Feng: he could only hold it in!

Suddenly–

The sounds of footsteps rose.

“Hm?” Candace and William both looked over with confusion on their face. Shouldn’t most people be at the black dragon ranking at a time like this? Who would come here?

A shadow entered the courtyard.

Candace’s face changed slightly and William widened his eyes as he said with surprise: “How come he’s here?”

The person who came was precisely Luo Feng!

“Hello, Candace” Luo Feng smiled. Candace’s name was in Shi Jiang’s list.

“Luo Feng, what are you here for?” Even though Candace wanted to eat the person in front of him, he still squeezed out a smile and had some basic manners.

Luo Feng smiled: “Candace, I want to have a staked match with you! I have no other intention, I just want to test our skills…… We won’t stake points, oh, we won’t have any points tomorrow anyway. We’ll stake money, the lowest amount of one billion Chinese dollars. How about it?”

“Staked match?” Candace and William froze.

They have long heard about Luo Feng and his staked matches.

Who would’ve known that he would come to Candace today.

“This yellow skinned chink is always getting close to Janet!” Candace was enraged. Even though his stomach was filled with anger every time he saw the girl he liked get close to another guy, he could only hold it in. He held his anger in for three months, something a regular person definitely can’t do. “I never had the chance to mess with you, but you actually dared to challenge me today”

FUCK!

How could he give up such a chance? A chance for revenge with no drawbacks! And Luo Feng was the one who proposed this match!

If he doesn’t cruelly beat up Luo Feng a bit, he’ll never be able to unleash his anger!

“Staked match, sure. However, the stakes are a bit way too small. Luo Feng, you’re the famous guy of our training camp, so how about 10 billion Chinese dollars?” Candace stared at Luo Feng. This was a huge amount of money, even for him. But the only way to make his opponent lose something is by raising the stakes!

“10 billion?” Luo Feng was shocked.

His previous battles all had stakes of one billion each; how did this one turn into 10 billion? A match like this will be hard to run into over the course of a year at the elite training camp! And whether skill or body fitness level, this veteran student CandacePaulinus is way above him. However, Candace’s battle ability amplifier isn’t that much greater. How did this bet go out of control all of a sudden?

“What, scared?” Candace smirked as he looked at Luo Feng.

“Not scared, but I just want to have a friendly match with you, just for the sake of testing our skills. Why do we have to bet so much money?” said Luo Feng.

Candace sneered inside.

Luo Feng would barely lose anything if they stake just a billion. Unless he makes Luo Feng lose something, how would he quell his rage?

“Haha, Luo Feng, you didn’t even blink when you took my five billion. How come you’re so scared when staking with Candace?” William fanned the fires as he stared at Luo Feng, “Or, you’re certain that you’ll lose the money to Candace? If so, then why did you even come all the way here to fight Candace”

Luo Feng frowned.

Candace and William were clearly provoking him.

“Could it be that you only staked five billion with William because you were 100% certain of your victory? The only reason you staked was to make a big buck for yourself? And now that you aren’t certain of your victory, you’re too scared to stake?” Candace looked at Luo Feng.

“Candace, you really want to stake 10 billion?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Of course, it wouldn’t be interesting otherwise!” smiled Candace.

“Fine, as you wish!” replied Luo Feng.

Of course he understood his own strength well.

At the beginning of the month, he lost more than he won. However, he started winning more than he lost after a period of time. After every battle to the death, he improved. Luo Feng knew that he was much stronger than he was at the beginning of the month. Luo Feng was even able to charge up to a tower of trials level of 3.4 by the 25th.

His improvement was indeed great.

“Even though I’m not absolutely sure I’ll win, I have a 50% chance, maybe even a bit higher! The pressure brought by the 10 billion could make me fight even harder in this battle to the death” thought Luo Feng to himself.

There were only three days left until August 1st!

A battle with huge stakes was also a chance to boost his battle ability amplifier closer to 12.

“As I, wish?” Candace was struggling a bit with Chinese. After that, he looked at Luo Feng with amazement, “You mean, you accept the stake of 10 billion?”

“Yes, a staked match with 10 billion on the line” nodded Luo Feng, “I’ll go back and apply through the system”

“Very good” Candace smiled as he nodded. Yet, his eyes seemed to have a small flame in them; flames of revenge.


Chapter 131: Luo Feng vs Candace

July 29th, dawn was a bit hot and humid.

Inside Jiang-Nan pagoda.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng!” Zhao Ruo’s clear voice rang around the entire pagoda.

“Senior” Luo Feng appeared on the balcony of the second floor of the pagoda and looked at Zhao Ruo below, “yelling this early in the morning, do you need something?”

“Need something? How can you be so calm as if nothing ever happened?” Zhao Ruo’s eyes widened, “I just heard everything while eating breakfast at the cafeteria. You’re going to have a staked match with Candace this afternoon….. and, you, you actually dared to bring the stakes to 10 billion?”

10 billion was a large number even for a wargod.

Even though these geniuses were all rich from the stuff they received from various organizations and countries, they still have to spend money on instruction manuals, battle uniforms, etc. Unless they have absolute confidence, who would stake 10 billion?

“Hurry up and tell me, is this true?” urged Zhao Ruo.

“It’s true” nodded Luo Feng.

“FUCK!” Zhao Ruo looked at Luo Feng as if he was a crazy person, “Crazy, you’re seriously crazy”

“Senior, I’m going to calm my mind first to prepare for the battle to the death in the afternoon” right after saying that, Luo Feng headed back towards his room. When faced with this noisy senior who’s even bolder than a man, Luo Feng’s best course of action was to hurry up and hide.

In his room.

The scent of sandalwood emanated in the air. Luo Feng sat cross legged, his heart as still as water.

As a veteran who fought 36 matches in the month of July, Luo Feng was very clear that there was no way to determine who would win in a battle to the death when the two fighters are of similar skill. For example, if one of them isn’t in their best condition, they could be killed instantly by their opponent. If they are in their best condition, they could kill their opponent.

Condition!

The best condition is to have a heart as calm as water; completely empty. Well, we say that, but just how many people can completely clear their minds and be as calm as water?

…..

Two hours later.

The largest building in the elite training camp–the Nine Grand Floors. In the lobby of the ninth floor, roughly a hundred people were gathered here. There were only 183 students in the entire training camp; with wargod teachers added in there, the amount of people barely surpasses 200! And right now, there were around a hundred people gathered here; way more than the amount of people attracted to the battle between Luo Feng and William.

A staked match with 10 billion on the line!

A match like this would be hard to encounter over the course of a year in the training camp! And one participant was the powerful, veteran student, ‘CandacePaulinus’, while the other was the rookie, Luo Feng, whose name recently swept through the training camp.

“Luo Feng fights amazingly well in these types of battles, so his chances of winning aren’t small” on the Chinese side, Shi Jiang gave his assessment in a group of youths.

“Candace, will win” on the American side, a short black girl calmly announced her judgment like a saint.

“Candace has a 70% chance of winning. Luo Feng, has 30%!” on the Indian side, a bald brute who seemed like he was molded out of steel spoke slowly like a monk.

…..

Legendary figures gave their conclusions one after another.

Even the weakest of these figures has the power to charge into the top 10. Any of them could easily defeat Luo Feng and Candace! Not many legendary figures were attracted to the match between Luo Feng and William, but many of them were attracted to today’s match! Since Luo Feng and Candace were quite strong, and the stakes were high!

“CandacePaulinus, Luo Feng, enter the battle room!” an electronic sound reverberated around the ninth floor’s lobby.

Luo Feng, who was standing on the Chinese side with his eyes closed, opened his eyes.

“Luo Feng, go for it” encouraged teacher Jiang Fang on the side.

Luo Feng looked at Jiang Fang and then his fellow Chinese students, nodded, and directly headed towards the battle room.

Candace also walked out of the crowd and headed towards the battle room.

“KA!”

Luo Feng and Candace opened the door to the battle room and went in. After that, the door shut itself automatically.

Luo Feng lay on the sofa and picked up the dark blue helmet. He couldn’t help but to glance at Candace. Candace also turned his head; his blue eyes stared at Luo Feng. If a gaze could kill, then he probably would have sliced Luo Feng into dozen pieces by now: “Luo Feng, don’t lose too easily, or that’ll be too boring”. As he said that, Candace licked his lips like a venomous snake.

Luo Feng grinned and put on the helmet.

Candace also put on his helmet.

In the virtual space.

Luo Feng and Candace swiftly put on their battle uniforms and selected their weapons. After that, Luo Feng, who had a lower rank on the black dragon ranking, selected the scene of battle– a stormy, ruined city.

PA! PA! PA! PA!

The storm raged: each drop of rain smashed onto the long abandoned city. The tall buildings have long been ruined and some were already collapsed. On the street that was wide enough to hold four cars, quite a few cars were flipped over and covered in rust. At this moment, two shadows appeared on the street at the same time.

Luo Feng, Candace!

“You chose a stormy location?” Candace, who was in a black uniform, looked at Luo Feng from a distance of around a dozen meters away.

Luo Feng’s gaze was cold.

His technique, ‘thunderbolt’, was inspired from the lightning observed right before a storm. After that, he created it after training hard in the middle of a storm! Luo Feng also realized that he can execute his technique better in a stormy environment.

“Battle, begin!” the electronic sound echoed around the sky of the ruined city.

Whoosh!

Candace’s body turned into a phantom and, as if he had merged into the storm, rushed towards Luo Feng.

“CLANG!” Luo Feng unsheathed his blade like lightning and also charged forward.

Whoosh!

The ghost blade came in from the side like lightning and its cold light directly slashed towards Candace’s neck. Yet Candace’s gaze was cold, his body was like a snake in a storm and his blade was like a snake’s tongue as it directly thrusted towards Luo Feng’s head. At the same time, a sonic boom could be heard: a metal piece from one of the broken cars!

The metal piece shot towards Luo Feng’s ghost blade.

And the blade thrusted towards Luo Feng’s head!

“Retreat!” Luo Feng instantly made his decision. With his understanding of the environment thanks to his perfect level technique, he naturally understood that he was at a disadvantage when that metal piece came flying at him.

While retreating.

A white light flashed! Under 2.8x force, the light from the ghost blade was indeed amazing. Like lightning, it became even more dream-like in this storm. As it scraped past the metal piece, it weakened the quick yet powerful thrust of the blade!

Technique–Thunderbolt!

“Clang!” “Clang!”

With those two sounds, Luo Feng used all of his power to retreat to a distance of 30 meters away.

“Perfect level technique?” Luo Feng looked at the faraway Candace.

A “Hmph” rose. Candace, in his black battle uniform, said with a cold voice, “Surprised? As long as they don’t suck too much, most of the old students that have been here for four or five years have all reached the perfect level! No matter how strong you are, you’re still just a rookie”

After saying that, Candace came charging at him again!

Hu! Hu!

As Candace’s blurry figure approached, it instantly split into two shadows.

“PENG!” Luo Feng kicked the broken car to his side. The kick that held over 20 tons of force caused the broken car to instantly explode. Huge amounts of car components flew towards the direction Candace was charging from.

“Die!”

Luo Feng instantly charged forwards and caught up with the car components.

Whoosh!

After that, a light that was as white as snow flashed. For a time, light after light covered Candace. And Candace was like a venomous snake hiding in the darkness: he dodged peculiarly time after time and the blade in his hand easily blocked Luo Feng’s wave of attacks. He even managed to counterattack time after time.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

The car components and broken pieces in the area became tools that both sides used to distract their opponent. Each of their steps and movements could use their environment to assist them. While not allowing the car components to affect themselves, they’ll use them to obstruct their opponent’s movements!

Perfect level technique, versus perfect level technique!

Luo Feng’s blade was like a never ending thunderbolt. And Candace’s blade was constantly changing: at times it would softly defend against each attack, and at times it would suddenly attack out of nowhere.

“PUCHI!”

A shadow stuck itself to the side of the hexagonal shield, and the long, thin blade actually curved and went around the shield as it lightly drew across the arm holding the shield!

PUCHI!

The arm that was holding the shield directly fell to the ground.

“Ah!”

As if teleportation, Luo Feng backed off to a distance of around a dozen meters away.

“My left arm has been cut off” Luo Feng had a bad expression on.

“Luo Feng, my fist strength level is 2.5, so you’re above me in power and speed” Candace sneered as he came closer one step at a time, as if a grim reaper in a storm, “Sadly, my technique is way above you” even though Candace’s Chinese wasn’t fluent…

Luo Feng’s face was pale, one reason was because of blood loss, and another was because he found out what went wrong.

Candace’s technique was at the perfect level, and his blade technique reached the ‘firm yet flexible’ state, one state higher than his blade. And…… Candace’s blade technique seemed like a peculiar, venomous snake. And his technique was also peculiar. Both his technique and blade technique were peculiar: the two of them combined perfectly!

“Without your shield, you’ll die for sure” Candace’s gaze had a bit of insanity within.

He can finally cruelly take his revenge.

“Hmph” Luo Feng retreated and ran to a store beside the street.

“There’s no use” Candace walked towards him one step at a time.

The roof of the ruined store was leaking under the the storm. There was a pond on the floor of the store and drops of water fell from the roof.

The surface of the pond reflected Luo Feng’s image. Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at himself in the pond. As the drops of water fell onto the pond, the normally calm, mirror-like surface rippled.

“Mirror, ripples?”

“Nine Stage Thunder blade force exertions?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Mirror! Mirror?” Luo Feng’s expression froze.

“Mirror!” Luo Feng let out a face of surprise.

At this moment, Candace walked into the store like a gentleman attending a banquet. He walked towards Luo Feng with his blade in hand as he smiled: “Luo Feng, I’ll be taking the 10 billion, so thanks in advance” as he said that, his body charged forward like a phantom as fast as lightning. The black, thin sword in his hand drew across an odd path as it went towards Luo Feng’s neck.

“You’re the one that’ll be giving me 10 billion!!!” Luo Feng roared.

And his body charged forwards!

Hu!

His speed reached an alarming level and actually dodged Candace’s horrifying blade. At the same time, the light that was as white as snow seemed to form a thunderbolt in this store, its speed was so fast that Candace wasn’t even given a chance to dodge it, “PUCHI!”. A head directly flew up.

However, Luo Feng’s charging figure appeared on the stormy street that was around 10 meters away from Candace.

PENG!

Candace’s headless corpse crashed down!


Chapter 132: Nine Stage Thunder Blade: Fourth Stage

In the battle room, Luo Feng and Candace’s consciousnesses were basically kicked out of the virtual space at the same time.

“I lost?”

“I lost?” Candace still had his dark blue helmet on at this time; darkness was the only thing his eyes could see. However, he didn’t take off his helmet, he just motionlessly sat there.

“How could I lose? There was no way I could’ve lost, no way! He only had one arm and I had the absolute advantage. His final attack….. his speed……” Candace sat on the sofa and his knuckles cracked until they turned white. Regret, he was really filled with regret!

From Luo Feng’s speed at the end, Candace perfectly understood—-that Luo Feng’s fist strength level went up by a huge amount!

“I actually let him make a comeback at the most important time?”

“How could this happen?”

“I actually encountered a case of someone making a breakthrough during a battle?” Candace’s body was trembling. One reason is because he lost a whole 10 billion Chinese dollars because of this battle. He was only a successor to his family, not the head, which means that this amount of money is a lot to him.

The second reason is because of the girl he was chasing after. Candace completely despised this ‘rival in love’, Luo Feng! He always held his anger in and was finally presented a chance to teach Luo Feng a lesson. Who would’ve known that not only was he not able to teach Luo Feng a lesson, he was the one that got beat up! This is humiliating!

Finally, the thing that Candace was most enraged at was the fact that…..

he wanted to cruelly beat up Luo Feng and make him lose a large sum of money. But not only did he let his opponent earn money, his opponent even had a breakthrough!

Candace definitely contributed to Luo Feng’s breakthrough!

Of course, the most important cause for Luo Feng’s breakthrough was the fact that Luo Feng had already finished the third stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade before he even entered the training camp. Every day, he would bitterly train without relaxing at all. As he was able to control his power more and more delicately, his foundation became more and more sturdy. Even without this breakthrough, Luo Feng would naturally reach the fourth stage in another three to five months.

However, it’s a great thing for him to reach the fourth stage three to five months earlier!

This battle indeed contributed a lot.

How could Candace not be enraged after those three reasons? How could he be satisfied?

“Challenge, Luo Feng wins!”

The electronic sound echoed around the lobby of the ninth floor; it could be heard in the battle room too.

Candace’s body slightly shook before he took off his dark blue helmet.

“Candace, thanks” Luo Feng was already standing at the door.

“Hmph” Candace ‘hmphed’ coldly as he also stood up.

Suddenly, a melodious tune carried out from the cell phone in Luo Feng’s pocket, which made Candace’s expression even worse. Luo Feng smiled as he took out his cell phone and read the message. As expected, it was a notification of the change in his balance sent from his bank…… a total of 20 billion arrived!

10 billion of that was what Luo Feng moved from his bank to the challenge system’s special account while the other 10 billion was what Luo Feng earned!

“KA!”

The door opened.

Luo Feng and Candace walked out. The two of them noticed with a glance that the lobby of the ninth floor was in an uproar. Quite a few wargods and legendary figures in the training camp were amazed since, from their point of view, Candace’s chances of winning were greater!

They were clear that Candace’s technique and his blade technique stacked onto each other!

This was also why even though Luo Feng had greater power and speed, he was still at a disadvantage and lost his arm.

“Luo Feng!”

“Haha, Luo Feng, nice” quite a few people, especially Chinese people, gave a thumbs up or cheered passionately. Luo Feng smiled as he walked over. In contrast to Luo Feng, Candace had such a bad expression that his face seemed to be black. In fact, he was barely able to say a few words to a few powerful students before he swiftly left towards his living quarters.

This time, Candace wasn’t able to vent; he just became even angrier!

He’s full of hate!

He hates Luo Feng, and he hates himself for losing!

Night of the same day.

Luo Feng was alone in his room. Even after chatting with his family, he still couldn’t contain the joy in his heart.

He seriously earned a ton this time!

10 billion isn’t even the best part. The most important part is that he actually completed the fourth stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Bladeat the last moment!

“The fourth stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade is indeed difficult. I completed the first three stages relatively quickly, but I just couldn’t complete the fourth stage while I was in Jiang-Nan city. After coming to the training camp, my technique and control over my power improved a lot. But even so, I wasn’t able to complete it” Luo Feng was seriously thankful.

The scene with the ripples that formed on the pool in the virtual space during the battle…..

was really similar to the scene where he completed the second stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade!

“The droplets of water form the ripples! The most important thing isn’t the ripples or the droplets, but the mirror! The mirror-like surface of water!” Luo Feng was thankful, “The calmer the surface is, the clearer the ripples become after the droplets fall”. It was the same with force exertions.

The most important thing isn’t how many times you exert the force.

But the fact that the force exertions have to carry out through the entire body! After understanding this fact, Luo Feng, who already became much better at controlling his power, directly completed the fourth stage!

“The fourth stage!”

“Now that I completed the fourth stage, my fist strength level is 3.5!” Luo Feng’s eyes were shining, “And my tower of trials level is 3.4, almost….. 3.4 x 3.5 is 11.9! I’m so close. When my tower of trials level reaches 3.5, my battle ability amplifier will surpass 12”

According to the contract with the Dojo of Limits, as long as he reaches a battle ability amplifier of 12 before August 1st, he’ll receive a 9th series battle uniform, a full set of weapons, any complete instruction manual, and a portion of dragon blood worth 80 billion.

This was a gigantic reward!

Not mentioning the dragon blood worth 80 billion, Luo Feng definitely wanted the complete Nine Stage Thunder Bladeinstruction manual. Keep in mind that….. the full Nine Stage Thunder Blade instruction manual is priced at 100 billion. Even half price is at 50 billion. Furthermore, the half price requirement is a four star contribution rank.

Four stars, when would Luo Feng ever reach that?

And now, he’ll receive this instruction manual for free!

“An instruction manual, dragon blood, a battle uniform set, weapons. Even at half price, they would definitely cost over 100 billion! If I have to buy them, how long would it take for me to save up the money required?” Luo Feng was filled with confidence.

As of now, his speed and power has greatly improved!

It’ll be impossible for his tower of trials level to not even go up by 0.1!

“I have two more times to enter the training room this month. One time is tomorrow night, while the other time is the night of the day after tomorrow!” Luo Feng thought to himself, “Tomorrow, on the 30th, my battle ability amplifier will surpass 12!”

Last month, Luo Feng was ranked in the top 50.

So in the month of July, Luo Feng had four hours to use the training room. He divided it into four sessions: he had an hour on the 9th, 25th, 30th, and 31st. He organized it like this because the deadline to raise your battle ability amplifier was 00:00 of August 1st. So of course, Luo Feng would schedule an hour on the last two days!

“A battle ability amplifier of 12!”

“I’ll definitely reach it!”

…..

On the second day, Luo Feng spent most of his time in the underground training room so he could familiarize himself with the fourth stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade. After dinner, he started meditating to prepare himself for tonight’s training room session.

Only until 9:35 PM did Luo Feng come to the ninth floor of the Nine Grand Floors.

“Luo Feng”

“Hello, Luo Feng”

Black, white, and yellow people all smiled as they greeted Luo Feng. Luo Feng was in a good mood, so he responded with a smile and some polite phrases as he entered the training room.

He lay on the sofa with the dark blue helmet in his hands.

“I’ll try to finish it today!”

“With a portion of dragon blood, I’ll be able to become an advanced level wargod level spirit reader in one or two months! An invincible existence in the wargod level!” Luo Feng silently encouraged himself. After that, he put on the helmet.

…..

In the virtual space.

The infinite, boundless silver alloyed ground. Far away was the tall, seven story tower: this was precisely the tower of trials.

Whoosh!

Luo Feng appeared on the ground.

“I want to take my fist strength level test” yelled Luo Feng. The fist strength level test was taken in the virtual space. Whether in the virtual space of the battle room or in the training room, as long as you yell out these words to the system’s AI, you’ll be able to take your fist strength level test.

Because, this test was super simple.

Whoosh!

A fist strength tester appeared out of thin air in front of Luo Feng.

“Student Luo Feng, please swiftly proceed with the fist strength level test” the electronic sound echoed around the sky of the silver ground.

Luo Feng stood in front of the fist strength tester. In this virtual space, his regular fist strength was the standard 10,000 kg; his fist strength will differ by this standard by no more than 10 kg.

As he took in a deep breath, he squinted.

And deeply roared!

Luo Feng’s right fist instantly split apart the air as four force exertions swiftly flowed into his arm and then his fist. This caused the speed of Luo Feng’s fist to dramatically increase. As it brought a horrifying roar with it, his fist powerfully smashed into the tester.

“PENG~~” the fist strength tester made a sound as it shook violently.

A few numbers appeared on the display–“35080 kg”

“A fist strength level of 3.5. Congratulations, student Luo Feng, your battle ability amplifier is 11.9” the electronic sound had no emotion in it.

“11.9, so close to 12”

Luo Feng directly walked towards the far away tower of trials. The fist strength tester disappeared completely.

Third floor of the tower of trials.

A wasteland.

“B grade exam of the 3rd floor. Luo Feng, your goal is to kill 190 low level commander level golden vultures and 10 medium level commander level golden vultures! Good luck!” right when the electronic sound finished, a huge amount of flying monsters appeared in the sky.

Flying monsters. The vulture type monsters were known for their cruelty. Even the weakest golden vulture was at the low level commander level.

“Come on!”

Who knows how many times Luo Feng has died to this horde of golden vultures already on this third floor. Flying monsters are way more horrifying than the regular monsters on land. Because once a flying monster grabs onto you, it can directly lift you up. Humans have nothing to help them in the air, so they are sure to die to the horde of monsters!

So, you definitely cannot get caught by their claws!

“GA~~” an ear piercing sound rose.

The flying golden vultures came diving from the sky. The densely packed horde of flying monsters seemed to look like golden clouds as they covered Luo Feng. No wonder so many wargod teachers were stuck on the third floor. And no matter what, Luo Feng has to kill most of these flying monsters in the B grade exam to reach a tower of trials level of 3.5

“I must succeed” Luo Feng’s gaze was cold as he held his ghost blade.

RUMBLE~~

The flying monsters instantly covered Luo Feng, and the killing began!


Chapter 133: Enormous Reward

The golden vulture was a ferocious vulture type monster. The feathers on the top half of its body were black with a grayish silver glow to them, while the feathers on its lower half and below its wings were all golden colored. Its powerful talons and wings posed a gigantic threat to Luo Feng! Even with Luo Feng’s increased speed…

he barely has the chance to use it while surrounded by the horde of flying monsters.

“Pu!”

“Whoosh!”

The blade that was as white as snow flashed over and over again in the horde of flying monsters. As golden vultures fell one after another, their cries rang across the skies. Meanwhile, the other golden vultures went forward and continued their attack. In terms of speed…… the golden vultures can fly way faster than land monsters of the same rank. It’s common sense that flying monsters move faster than land monsters.

Because of this, Luo Feng couldn’t shake off this horde of flying monsters: he could only kill the surrounding golden vultures like his life depended on it!

This blade was like a thunderbolt, each slash took a life!

“Not good” Luo Feng was picked up by the talons of a golden vulture. Once his feet left the ground, he was naturally unable to execute his technique.

Unable to use his technique, he was instantly shredded to pieces by the horde of golden vultures!

Luo Feng’s corpse disappeared, and so did the horde of golden vultures.

“Damn, that hurts” Luo Feng appeared in the wasteland again.

“What’s my tower of trials level now?” Luo Feng raised his head and yelled. Luo Feng didn’t dare to distract himself while he was killing, so of course he didn’t count how many golden vultures he killed. He only had a feeling that he lasted longer than before. But no matter what, he wasn’t able to succeed in the end.

The electronic voice rang: “Tower of trials level: 3.5!”

“It’s 3.5?”

Luo Feng let out a face of excitement. 3.5 x 3.5 means that his battle ability amplifier is 12.25, which is already past 12!

He did it!

Haha, he actually succeeded!

Ever since he came to the elite training camp, he didn’t dare to relax even for a day. Because of that, he was able to charge up to rank 68 in a month and received the contract from the Dojo of Limits as a result. And after signing the contract, he pushed himself as hard as possible using the three month deadline!

No matter when and where, he has constantly been training himself.

While showering, the only thing in his head was his blade technique. Sometimes he would even think about his blade technique while chatting with his family and Xu Xin.

In the final month, he crazily challenged the students in the training camp. Time after time he battled to the death…..

and he even staked 10 billion on his final battle!

Finally……

On the night of July 30th, his battle ability amplifier has finally reached 12!

“Haha, come on, continue the B grade exam of the third floor!” laughed Luo Feng loudly.

The flying horde of golden vultures appeared in the sky once again!

Luo Feng no longer had any psychological pressure, so he was able to focus entirely on training…..

……

One hour of training was up!

Luo Feng’s final tower of trials level was 3.6. He finally completed the B grade exam. However, Luo Feng was quickly killed in the C grade exam.

“Okay, my fist strength level has reached 3.5 and my technique is at the perfect level. My weakness is blade technique: it’s only at the second state” Luo Feng understood that the higher your tower of trials level, the more the trials will expect out of everything about you. If your blade technique is weak, there’ll be no way for you to instantly kill around a dozen monsters in a horde.

Tower of trials level 3.6!

Even in the circle of wargods, this was quite a good grade.

“My battle ability amplifier is 12.6!” Luo Feng let out a smile.

Jiang-Nan pagoda, Luo Feng’s room.

Right when Luo Feng got back, he opened up his notebook. It was already 10:50 PM, but he couldn’t care about anything else. Luo Feng swiftly opened up the contract that he signed with the Dojo of Limits. The document he opened was a scan of the contract he signed.

In the contract was a phone number. Once Luo Feng’s battle ability amplifier reached the required level, he could call this phone number and ask for his reward.

“An enormous reward man” Luo Feng took in a deep breath.

The full price for a portion of dragon blood was 160 billion, half price 80 billion. The half price for a complete Nine Stage Thunder Bladeinstruction manual was 50 billion. The cheapest battle uniform and weapon set was also around 10 billion, whereas the half price was near 10 billion too. Even if everything was half price, the cost would still be astonishing.

Of course, the amount of money that the Dojo of Limits needs to provide these is quite low.

For the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, they’re just selling permission to use it, so they don’t need to pay anything there. The head, ‘Hong’, is probably the only person on earth who knows how much it costs to make dragon blood, since he’s the only supplier. And it only costs a few billion to make the battle uniform and weapon set.

After adding it all up, the amount of money is around a couple billion.

However……

that is the cost to make them! Who would make the price equal to the cost it takes to make them? Even if you buy dragon blood from the governments of various countries, they’ll still sell it at the price it’s set at.

“BEEP–BEEP–” Luo Feng dialed.

“Hello” a low voice rose.

“Hello, I am Luo Feng from the elite training camp” at this moment, Luo Feng was surprisingly calm, “I previously signed a contract with the Dojo of Limits. On the contract were five provisions. Once I meet the requirements for one of them, I can dial this phone number and receive the reward from you, correct?”

“Yes!” said the low voice.

“My battle ability amplifier is above 12, which satisfies the first provision” said Luo Feng.

“Please wait a moment, I will check”

In just a moment, the tone of the voice slightly rose, “Ah, congratulations, student Luo Feng. Your battle ability amplifier is currently 12.6, and the current date is July 30th, 22:56 PM, which is before August 1st. As the contract states, your reward is….. a 9th series battle uniform, a set of weapons, any instruction manual, and a portion of dragon blood worth 80 billion”

Once Luo Feng heard these words, he couldn’t help but to clench his teeth and left fist out of excitement!

Success!

“Student Luo Feng, please tell me the details about the battle uniform and weapons you want. Also tell me the name of the instruction manual you want” continued the low voice.

“I need a 9th series battle uniform, the size…..” Luo Feng quickly reported the information about the size and type of the battle uniform, ghost blade, and hexagonal shield he wanted. He also spoke about the tactical communications watch, binoculars, a backpack, and other accessories. Of course, the throwing knives he wanted were included too!

“I also want a complete Nine Stage Thunder Blade instruction manual!”

“Finally, that portion of dragon blood” answered Luo Feng, “Oh yea, I want two of the ten 9th series throwing knives to be changed into SS grade throwing knives! I can transfer money over to purchase these two SS grade throwing knives”.

Throwing knives were small and didn’t require much material to make…..

so even the price of a SS grade throwing knife is much lower than a ghost blade of the same grade.

“We can include those two SS grade throwing knives with the battle uniform set” the low voice clearly didn’t care about two SS grade throwing knives, since the full price for one SS grade throwing knife was 400 million, half price 200 million. The cost to make them is even lower! For the Dojo of Limits, the provider of this enormous reward, this amount of money was nothing.

“The elite training camp is inside the headquarter city, so the rewards will be sent to the gate of the elite training camp in around an hour. You can go there to receive your reward” said the low voice.

“Within an hour?” Luo Feng let out a face of surprise.

Who would’ve thought that he would receive his rewards so quickly. “Finally, congratulations, student Luo Feng, on receiving this reward. At the same time, keep working hard and try to get your battle ability amplifier to 16, student Luo Feng, to receive the other rewards” after the low voice finished saying that, the call ended.

After the call, the room was completely silent.

However, Luo Feng’s heart was pounding.

“Dragon blood. The dragon blood will arrive soon”

“My strength can instantly undergo a dramatic change” even now, Luo Feng felt like he was in a dream….. just like that, the Nine Stage Thunder Bladeinstruction manual and a portion of dragon blood was about to be his. Looking at how much fuss the astronomical bounty of 100 billion stirred up, one could know just how astonishing of an amount 100 billion is.

And even if you take the half price of the instruction manual and the portion of dragon blood, they still cost way more than 100 billion.

Excited, Luo Feng was extremely excited. He stayed in his room for 20 minutes before giving in to his urge to rush to the entrance of the elite training camp.

Main entrance of the elite training camp.

It was deep into the night, around 11 PM. It was a bit cool. Since it was already the 30th, there weren’t any students at the main entrance at this time.

“Student Luo Feng, how come you’re here at such a time?” the middle aged manager of the security team at the main entrance smiled as he yelled; of course he knew this famous student of the training camp.

“I have stuff to do” smiled Luo Feng as he responded.

The manager of the security team knew the rules, so he didn’t continue asking.

And Luo Feng, under the winds of the night, paced back in forth alone in front of the main gate. To Luo Feng, seconds were like minutes. Occasionally a car would pass by the gate of the training camp. Luo Feng couldn’t help but to raise his head each time but, unfortunately, none of them were for him!

“BEEP!”

The sound of a horn rose; a gigantic truck headed towards the gate of the training camp.

“BEEP! ALLOWED!” an electronic sound carried from the security room. The patrolling soldiers and the other members were all shocked. Many systems in the elite training camp were controlled by an AI and not by humans. Usually, even private cars of the Dojo aren’t allowed to come in.

The door automatically opened.

A huge truck drove in.

“It’s probably that” Luo Feng walked to the side. As if the truck discovered Luo Feng, it directly drove over to an open area and stopped there.

HUALA!

The door to the back of the truck opened and a sound rose: “Student Luo Feng, please get in the truck”

Luo Feng ran over to the back of the truck. Before he was even able to get in, a blue light shone on Luo Feng. At the same time, an electronic voice rose: “Student Luo Feng, identity confirmed. Please get in the truck”

The truck’s interior was quite fancy. Inside of the truck were three people, who were all looking at Luo Feng with surprise.

“This is Luo Feng?”

“I wonder what HQ told us to escort. I can’t believe they called out the three of us” in the truck were two white people and one yellow person, who were all speaking Chinese. The language of Hong Ning city was Chinese, so most of the people from the HQ knew Chinese.

Luo Feng jumped onto the truck and, with a glance, noticed a gigantic, locked safe. The size of this locked safe was indeed big enough to store things like a shield and a ghost blade.

At this time–

A blue light like before shone onto the locked safe.

“Reward items, confirmed. Unscathed” the electronic sound rose, “Student Luo Feng, please accept your reward”

Luo Feng took a step forward.

A tall, white person of the trio picked up this locked safe and put it in front of Luo Feng.

“Student Luo Feng, what’s inside here?” smled the white person as he asked.

“A secret” smiled Luo Feng as he took the locked safe.

Finally…..

The enormous reward, and so is the dragon blood, is his!


Chapter 134: Dragon Blood’s Miraculous Effect

With the locked safe in hand, Luo Feng swiftly returned to his living quarters.

Jiang-Nan pagoda, underground training room.

“CREAK~~” Luo Feng sealed the underground training room’s alloyed door. Of course, the first thing he’ll do after receiving a portion of dragon blood is use it up! If he doesn’t use it, other students might find out, and when that happens, someone might even steal it. At that time, Luo Feng wouldn’t even know where to cry! Using the portion of dragon blood is an extremely important thing. To prevent others from distracting him, he decided to use it in the underground training room.

The light shone across the entire sealed room.

Luo Feng put the locked safe in the corner. A fingerprint was required to open this lock. Luo Feng swiped his finger and, with a “KA”, the locked safe opened.

The locked safe was extremely large.

It was divided into two sections: top and bottom. The top section contained the tidy battle uniform, ghost blade, shield, throwing knives, and other accessories. Luo Feng took all of these out and put them on the side. He then looked at the bottom section.

Only two wooden boxes were in the bottom section.

“One of these wooden boxes must be the Nine Stage Thunder Blade instruction manual while the other one is the portion of dragon blood” Luo Feng carefully opened the first box. Inside the box was a thick instruction manual and a full stack of discs. On top of the instruction manual’s seal was indeed the four words—-Nine Stage Thunder Blade.

The instruction manual is his.

“I won’t have to worry about saving money for this instruction manual anymore” Luo Feng closed the box and opened the other one.

KA!

The wooden box opened: inside was a vial stabilized by a bubbly foam. The vial was plugged in with a stopper. Inside the vial was golden blood, which took up a third of the vial’s interior.

“This is dragon blood, the dragon blood worth 80 billion?” Luo Feng carefully took out the foam and carefully picked up the vial. He was scared that it might break, but a vial containing dragon blood should be extremely sturdy. However, Luo Feng didn’t dare to take any risks. He raised the vial towards the light.

Under the light, the golden blood could make one’s heart skip a beat.

If nothing was known about it, there’s no way anyone would believe that this thing is worth 80 billion.

“Hm?” Luo Feng lowered his head and looked.

Below the wooden box that contained the dragon blood was a manual. Luo Feng picked it up, looked carefully, and couldn’t help but to let out a smile: “I didn’t know that using this dragon blood would be so simple!”. According to the manual, you just have to spread some of the dragon blood on your body, and you don’t even have to spread it around your entire body: just particular locations.

The dragon blood will naturally spread around to your whole body.

The only taboo—-Do not drink it.

“On the night of the 28th, I tested my fist strength to be 25,100 kg at the Nine Grand Floors. I wonder how high it will reach after using this dragon blood”. Actually, before June, Luo Feng’s fist strength was only 19,600 kg, which means Luo Feng’s fist strength rose by over 5,000 kg during the month of July!

This improvement is shocking!

But it makes sense. During July, Luo Feng had four hours to use the archaeological gravity room, which was split into 12 sessions of 20 minutes. He was able to use the archaeological gravity room for 20 minutes a day for 12 days. Three days is comparable to 15 days, so just these 12 days in the archaeological gravity room is comparable to two months of training!

So that’s why he improved so much during July!

And actually, it’s not because how talented Luo Feng is or anything. If someone is able to train in the archaeological training room for 2 hours a day for an entire month, that one month will be equivalent to 10 months worth of training!

“My fist strength is 25,100 kg. If it multiplies after using this dragon blood, it could reach 50,000 kg” thought Luo Feng to himself.

The more powerful you are, the smaller the effects of the dragon blood.

The weaker you are, the more obvious the effects of the dragon blood becomes. Because a warrior fighter is physically weak, his strength could quadruple after using dragon blood!

Rumors say that dragon blood can multiply one’s strength, but that multiplication is just an estimate.

“My current body fitness level is at the intermediate warlord level! If I use this dragon blood, it might not just double, but even triple my strength” Luo Feng thought to himself expectantly. He never used dragon blood before, and others who have used it before never shared their experience, so barely anyone knows the exact process.

He has to experience it for himself.

…..

In the underground training room, Luo Feng lay flat on the ground and, with the vial containing the dragon blood in his left hand, he lightly pulled out the stopper.

A special aroma emanated around the underground training room. Just by smelling this aroma made every part of Luo Feng’s body slightly sore, as if he was training his genetic energy.

“Dragon blood!” Luo Feng slightly tilted the vial and poured the blood towards the area on his chest.

Dragon blood was viscous like mercury.

It slowly flowed. The vial wasn’t that large and the dragon blood only took up a third of the vial, so this portion of dragon blood was indeed quite small. Even on his chest, it didn’t take up much space. Soon enough, all of the dragon blood poured out. Luo Feng set the vial aside.

“There’s barely anything” Luo Feng immediately wiped the dragon blood around his naked top half.

He also wiped some on his arms.

With this, Luo Feng felt his top half and his arms start to heat up.

“It’s taking effect?” Luo Feng was filled with expectation.

A warm current carried from where the dragon blood was to every part of his body: it swiftly headed towards his insides, his arms, hands, back, chest, head, and every other location. This warm current became stronger and stronger, and even the naked eye could tell that the dragon blood on his skin started swiftly disappearing, as if it went inside his skin.

The warm current kept becoming stronger!

The temperature kept increasing!

“The manual explained that the process would be painful; so painful that one might even faint. But he didn’t think that it would be this painful. “Ever since I was little, I’ve had to deal with my painful headaches, so I thought I could tolerate the pain. But who knew……” Luo Feng clenched his teeth and his entire body shook slightly. At the moment, he felt like millions of ants were biting every single part of his body. This pain made Luo Feng go pale.

And the pain kept increasing!

He was sore at first, and now he’s in pain!

Every single part of his body, and even his head!

Burning! He felt like he’s being burned to death.

The numbness made him feel like he’s being tickled to death.

Pain! The pain that even sank deep into his bones made him twitch. “AH!” Sweat was flowing off of Luo Feng’s forehead. His entire body shook and his muscles twitched. His heart rate increased and his blood continuously flowed faster.

The sound of his heart beating…..

THUMP! THUMP! THUMP!

His heart beated like a heavy drum right next to the ear. The sound became louder, and louder, and louder until…… he lost consciousness! Fainted!

The dragon blood on Luo Feng’s body decreased continuously and was absorbed by Luo Feng’s body. What followed this absorption was the twitching of Luo Feng’s entire body: not just simply his body, but every single muscle in his body. Luo Feng’s muscles in his top half of his body twitched and turned like centipedes. His skin seemed like it was burned and the veins on his body were sticking up and twisting; it was quite a horrifying sight.

CHICHI~~

What followed this horrifying process was that Luo Feng’s cells crazily absorbed this weird energy and started their transformation! This was the first time that his body changed this much, even if you count the time where he awakened as a spirit reader!

The quality of the genes in his cell slowly transformed from useless ones to perfect ones under the transformation brought by the dragon blood.

Some useless cells and contaminants were directly removed and came out of the surface of Luo Feng’s skin, as if it was filth.

Under this transformation that sank deep into his cells, Luo Feng’s tendons, skin, bones, muscles, and all his organs were undergoing a gigantic transformation. The density of his bones continued to increase and the tenacity of his tendons were undergoing a dramatic transformation. The amount of dragon blood was enough to provide for such a transformation!

All of this happened swiftly!

Faster than regular training by 1,000 or even 10,000 times!

At the same time–

In Luo Feng’s vast realm of consciousness.

In the center of his realm of consciousness that was covered with an infinite mist, the huge dark, golden ball no longer turned slowly and released spiritual force slowly like before. At this moment, as if the dark, golden ball made a huge decision, huge amounts of nearly liquid-like substance was instantly released, which soon evaporated into a mist. The huge amounts of mist swiftly emanated around his entire realm of consciousness.

Hu~~~

The amount of mist in his realm of consciousness continued to increase, and at an extremely alarming rate. The dark, golden ball was releasing a crazy amount of mist; it was releasing 1,000 or even more times faster than before.

……

His body fitness level increased at a surprising rate!

The dark, golden ball was naturally restricted by his body fitness level, so it couldn’t release as much spiritual force as it could. But now, it could release as much as it pleased! Luo Feng’s

level of spiritual force continuously increased. Starting from his “beginner wargod” level of spiritual force, it started increasing rapidly!

Slowly….. the density of the mist seemed to have reached its limit: it started turning into liquid!

One drop, two drops!

Slowly, Luo Feng’s body started to calm down. The dark golden ball in his realm of consciousness also stopped crazily releasing spiritual force and started releasing at a slow rate like before. Many liquid drops were floating in the mist-filled realm of consciousness, and more drops continued to form.

Luo Feng’s realm of consciousness was now at a gas-liquid state.

“Hm?”

“I, I fainted?”

Luo Feng’s body slightly shook and he finally regained consciousness. With a twitch of his eyelids, he opened his eyes.

Right now, Luo Feng’s body was covered in a layer of filth: his body and his face was completely black. After Luo Feng opened his eyes, he stood up and moved his arms around. His left hand ferociously rubbed his body and got all of the black stuff off of himself, revealing the copper colored skin below!

Yes, Luo Feng’s skin color changed completely.

As if born from a forge, Luo Feng’s skin color changed from the regular yellow color to a copper color. Clearly, this was caused by the dragon blood!

“What huge power!” Luo Feng felt the tremendous power in his body; it was way higher than before.

“3.5x, explode!”

Luo Feng ferociously smashed into the alloyed wall to his side. With a rumble, over half of Luo Feng’s fist sank into the wall. After that, his left fist delivered blow after blow, causing the entire underground training room to shake. Each of his fists left a stunning hole on the wall.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

As if it was smashing on someone’s heart, the blows continued one after another. After receiving such tremendous power, Luo Feng used this barbaric way to express his happiness.

“FEELS GREAT!” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to yell.

Luo Feng turned and look towards his battle uniform.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Ten throwing knives swiftly pierced the air. In this 5 meter long, 5 meter wide, and 2.5 meter high alloyed training room, the throwing knives swiftly revolved around Luo Feng with an insane speed; the speed of the throwing knives instantly accelerated to mach 10, and continued to accelerate! With such horrifying speed, the throwing knives were even able to cut the alloyed wall to his side.

Luo Feng clenched his fists. He even had a feeling……

That even if he had to face off against the steel armored dragon from back then, he wouldn’t back down. In fact, he could even kill it!


Chapter 135: Luo Feng’s Strength

Jiang-Nan Pagoda, Luo Feng’s bathroom.

“HUAHUA~~”

Hot water washed Luo Feng’s powerful body, cleaning off all the filth.

“GUGU~~” Only until all the dirty water drained out did Luo Feng plug in the plug. After that, he lay in the bathtub again and let the hot water spray onto his body. Even though he was just laying there, Luo Feng was experiencing a joy he had never felt before. Only after a long time did Luo Feng crawl out of the bathtub. He dried himself up and walked into his room naked.

He put on his battle boots and trousers, but only had a casual shirt on the top half of his body.

In his trousers were 10 throwing knives.

“I’ll go to the Nine Grand Floors to test my strength!” Luo Feng swiftly descended the stairs and rushed towards the Nine Grand Floors in the darkness. As of now, it was already 2 AM!

At around 2 AM, only the ninth floor of the Nine Grand Floors still had students on it. The ‘archaeological gravity room’ and ‘training room’ were open nearly all day in the elite training camp, with the exception of the one hour break at around noon. Other than that period of time, students were basically always using them.

However, nobody was training in the other rooms.

Nine Grand Floors, fifth floor, one of the small training halls.

“PA!”

The lights were turned on.

A yellow skinned youth appeared in the training hall. The training hall’s doors were closed from the inside. As for the windows….. the Nine Grand Floors was designed so that you can only see out of the windows from the inside and not the other way around. Luo Feng was pleased with all of this.

For now, he didn’t want others to learn about his identity as a spirit reader.

“My spiritual force makes my body fitness level raise by two!”

“Let me see what level my body fitness level has reached” Luo Feng walked towards a large fist strength testing machine in the corner of the training hall. This was one of the most advanced fist strength testing machines: even the strength of advanced level wargods could easily be tested by these machines.

One can imagine how expensive a fist strength testing machine that could withstand a blow from an advanced level wargod would be.

After it was switched on, the fist strength testing machine’s display lit up.

“Two days ago, my fist strength was 25,100 KG. Let me see what it is now!” Luo Feng stood in front of the fist strength testing machine. The fist strength of advanced level wargods are in the range of hundreds of thousands of KG. Even a fist strength of a million KG isn’t enough to destroy this fist strength testing machine. The materials used to construct this machine isn’t inferior to the scales of a high level horde leader monster.

Luo Feng made his move!

WIthout any special technique and using just his body’s power, Luo Feng’s right fist shot forward like a cannon ball. His fist brought a sonic boom along with it as it crashed into the machine.

PENG!

The machine shook violently and a low sound rang.

Luo Feng immediately looked towards the display, a number already appeared on it–“63,602 KG”

“So high?”

“How could it be so high?” Luo Feng’s eyes opened wide, as if he was just given an enormous gift. Luo Feng estimated that his fist strength would be no higher than 50,000 KG! If he’s lucky, then maybe a little over 50,000. If he’s extremely lucky, then maybe approaching 60,000!

But, 63,600?

That’s basically 64,000! The lower bound for a beginner level wargod!

“My body fitness level barely qualifies as a beginner level wargod! Doesn’t that mean….. with my spiritual force, I can barely count as an advanced level wargod level spirit reader?” Immense joy poured out of Luo Feng’s heart. He was clear that the range of a beginner level wargod was–64,000 KG to 128,000 KG.

His “advanced level wargod level” spirit reader title barely counts, and he’s definitely not at the peak of the advanced wargod level.

When his strength reaches 128,000 KG, he could reach the peak of the wargod level with his spiritual force.

However–

He’s a spirit reader!

Even if he has just stepped into the level of an advanced level wargod, it wouldn’t be hard for him to kill regular fighters that have reached the peak of the advanced level wargod level! Against normal advanced level wargods, he’ll definitely decimate them!

“Even if I search the entire world, other than existences that have surpassed the wargod level…… even the extremely powerful advanced level wargods would lose to me. Only an extremely small amount of them can fight against me evenly!” Luo Feng’s gaze was like lightning; his powerful strength gave him absolute confidence!

Strength, brings confidence!

Out of all the wargods, the only wargods that can make Luo Feng lower his head are the spirit readers that have reached the peak of the advanced level wargod level!

“Powerful!”

“Now this is true strength!” Luo Feng’s excitement poured out like a flood. Compared to his spiritual force, his body was too weak. His body fitness level barely qualifies for the ‘beginner level wargod level’. If he relies on his battle ability amplifier that has already surpassed 12, then he could attain the title of intermediate level wargod.

However, compared to his spiritual force, it’s nothing!

“25,100 KG to around 63,600 KG”

“My body fitness level didn’t just double, it’s 2.5x higher!” Luo Feng mentally calculated, “The effect of dragon blood is indeed astonishing!”

This time, Luo Feng’s wrong. With just a portion of dragon blood, the multiplier will barely surpass the value of 2.

This transformation was only possible thanks to the combined efforts of the dragon blood and Luo Feng’s spiritual force!

When Luo Feng awakened, his body fitness level increased by a huge amount, but his spiritual force only increased to the ‘beginner level warlord level’. This time, Luo Feng’s spiritual force directly jumped from the ‘beginner level wargod level’ to the bottom line of the ‘advanced level wargod level’.

If you just look at the numbers, the increase in spiritual force was 10 times greater than the increase from his awakening!

All of this spiritual force would naturally strengthen Luo feng’s body. However, since the spiritual force strengthened his body along with the dragon blood, it didn’t have such a major effect. Yet, it was enough to add another 10,000 KG to Luo Feng’s fist strength, thus raising his fist strength to the current 64,000 KG!

…..

Late into the night, in the empty training hall, Luo Feng stepped back step by step until he was a full 20 meters away from the fist strength testing machine.

“Let me see how powerful my spiritual force is” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed and two black throwing knives that had a silverish gray luster to them suddenly started floating next to him. These two throwing knives are indeed the SS grade throwing knives that Luo Feng received. With a thought from Luo Feng, the two throwing knives immediately turned 180 degrees.

The handles of the knives were pointed towards the fist strength testing machine while the tips of the blades were pointed towards Luo Feng.

“Go!”

Luo Feng’s powerful spiritual force controlled them.

Whoosh!

One of the SS grade throwing knives instantly turned into a black light. With the handle in front and the blade in back….. it shot towards the fist strength testing machine!

“PENG~~” The fist strength machine shook violently and let out a low sound that could stop the beating of one’s heart.

The numbers immediately appeared on the display–“218,606 KG”!

After seeing this number, LUo Feng couldn’t help but to shake his head in amazement.

“Messed up, messed up! No wonder spirit readers are invincible” Luo Feng was flabbergasted. According to the table…… 128,000 KG —-256,000 KG is the range of an intermediate level wargod level’s body fitness level. However, keep in mind that throwing knives value speed over power!

And even though these throwing knives value speed over power, their power already nears the enormous strength of an advanced level wargods!

Who would find it abnormal for an advanced level wargod to die after being pierced by this knife?

“I can control 10 throwing knives at the same time and make them attack from every single direction; all of them would be flying at mach 10 and can instantly change direction. No matter how powerful your advanced level wargod level body is, no matter how skilled your technique is, and no matter how adept you are at dodging, you won’t be able to escape death” Luo Feng couldn’t stop sighing after seeing this number.

This wasn’t even on the same level anymore!

Advanced level wargods have trouble dealing with attacks over mach 10, and spirit readers can control several throwing knives at the same time as they attack from every direction. This is way more horrifying than the monsters in the tower of trials; what kind of monster’s speed can reach mach 10?

This is why spirit readers are horrifying!

With his spiritual force, he barely reaches the lower bound of the advanced level wargod level. However, his unique power allows him to dominate most advanced level wargods, with the exception of a small amount of extremely powerful wargods or other advanced level wargod level ‘spirit readers’.

As of now, Luo Feng’s strength could place him at the top of the elite training camp! However, Luo Feng was clear….. that there were tons of people around the world that were more powerful than he was. Not mentioning the existences that have surpassed the wargod level, he isn’t even invincible in the wargod level! Right now, he’s just nearing the state of invincibility.

August 1st, dawn.

193 Students were gathered on the lawn in front of the Nine Grand Floors; they formed groups and chatted amongst themselves. All of these students were fully equipped with their weapons, backpacks, etc. because….. today was the day that they begin their ‘Life and Death Adventure’! However, before departing, all of them were waiting for one person–

The world’s strongest fighter, Hong!

“How come Hong still isn’t here?” Zhao Ruo, Luo Feng, and Shi Jiang sat on the grass as they chatted. Zhao Ruo’s face was flushed as she said, “Last night, I even dreamed about Hong, ah, ah”

“Stop fantasizing” joked Luo Feng.

“What did you say?” glared Zhao Ruo.

Luo Feng was startled and looked towards Shi Jiang as he changed the topic: “Senior Shi Jiang, you’ve met the head, what is he like?”. When Zhao Ruo heard this, she also looked towards Shi Jiang, since Shi Jiang was the only person out of the three who had actually seen Hong before.

“The head, Hong….. how should I say this?” there was a bit of admiration and adoration in Shi Jiang’s eyes, “Deity!”

“A deity?” Luo Feng froze.

“Yep, a deity you would only hear about in legends. I can’t think of any better word to describe him” sighed Shi Jiang, “I’ve seen other investigators, existences that have surpassed the wargod level. However….. when compared to Hong, it’s like comparing stars to the sun”

Luo Feng nodded to himself.

Shi Jiang laughed as he looked at Luo Feng and Zhao Ruo, “You two should be focusing on the life and death adventure that’s about to come. For this time’s adventure, we’ll be going to Australia! After the Grand Nirvana, the entire continent of Australia has become a paradise for monsters. Along with the Sahara Desert and the South American Amazon Rainforest, it’s one of the three hazardous regions of the world!”

Before the Grand Nirvana period, there were many animals in Australia and only had a population of around ten million.

After the Grand Nirvana period, the mutated monsters in Australia reproduced at an alarming rate. The number of monsters was so high that it seemed like they could take over the world. After that, there were no more humans in Australia. That entire continent is a monster hive, which is why it stands along with the Sahara Desert and the Amazon Rainforest as one of the three hazardous regions.

Occasionally, extremely large organizations would send in small squads to train in this continent.

And this time…..

Luo Feng and the others were headed towards Australia.

“Hm?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to look up towards the sky. Quite a few other students looked up too, since a sonic boom could be heard from that direction. Soon after, a blurry image appeared in the sky above the elite training camp. After the image came together, it appeared to be a blood red colored triangular fighter jet!

“The head is here!”

“Hurry, everyone up”

All the wargod teachers and all the students sitting on the grass stood up straight with a whoosh. All of them knew…..

The strongest fighter on earth…..

The richest man on earth…..

The most powerful man on earth, will soon appear!


Chapter 136: Hong’s Arrival

The surface of this blood red colored triangular fighter jet was smooth and gave off a feeling of an aggressive flying monster. At this moment, the blood red colored triangular fighter jet was slowly descending from the air while each and every one of the students and wargod teachers of the elite training camp remained silent.

Nobody dared to make a sound.

The fighter jet landed, “HUA!” the hatch opened!

A yellow skinned man along with a white skinned man stepped out of the hatch at the same time. They walked on thin air, as if there were an invisible platform that nobody could see. Like that, they just walked towards the grass. This scene caused all of the students to widen their eyes.

“Two existences surpassing the wargod level, two of them!”

Luo Feng was also shocked, “Looks like these two are two investigators from the Dojo of Limits headquarters”

The two investigators stood on the grass silently as they waited for the head. Over 200 pairs of eyes were also staring at the hatch….. all of them were waiting expectantly for the world’s legendary strongest fighter, the undisputed number one! Finally, a shadow came out the hatch.

Luo Feng didn’t even dare to blink, as he didn’t even want to waste a single second! He carefully examined the man coming from the hatch.

He was around 1.9 meters tall and was wearing black trousers and a black jacket. His lean, sharp hair….. his entire figure made one think of a sky-piercing spear! As for his age, not even a single wrinkle could be seen on his face: he seemed to be around 20 years old.

However, that aura was clearly an aura that a regular youth could not possess.

He took one step and, at the same time, scanned everyone in the training camp.

“RUMBLE~~”

Luo Feng felt like his mind went blank. The entire landscape and sky seemed to be twisting; the morning sun disappeared from his field of vision. All the students of the elite training camp shockingly discovered that the sky seemed to have transitioned from morning to night: not a single ray of light was shining, only darkness was left.

A completely black sky, and that black haired man seemed to be the bright center of all of this darkness!

He is a deity!

An invincible deity! Even the wargod teachers here didn’t dare to resist; they couldn’t even think about resisting! When faced with this black haired man’s gaze, even Luo Feng, who recently became much stronger, felt like this powerful black haired man could kill him with just a look.

He, is Hong!

The world’s strongest fighter! The two investigators beside Hong were completely blocked out by darkness. An investigator is an existence that surpasses the wargod level. Yet, in front of Hong, they pale in comparison.

“This wave of students in the elite training camp is quite good!” a cold sound rose.

Right when those words were said, the students and teachers who fell into the darkness realized that the black sky around them disappeared. The morning sun appeared yet again! Even so, everyone felt enormous pressure, like an ant facing an elephant.

In front of Hong, everyone felt their insignificance.

“Head, there are quite a few good seeds in this wave of students” said one of the leaders of this training camp, ‘Investigator Wang’.

Basically all the students were watching Hong’s eyes, as if they were looking at their idol!

The leader of all fighters!

“Hm?” Hong took a step and virtually teleported to a student.

All the students, teachers, and even investigators turned their heads: the black haired man, ‘Hong’, was currently staring at a young student….. Luo Feng!

Luo Feng froze as he looked at the black haired man in front of him: the world’s strongest fighter is staring at him? Why is he staring at him?

“Hong is looking at Luo Feng!”

“Why is the head, Hong, looking at Luo Feng” within the group of students, Candace was filled with anxiety and dissatisfaction.

The three investigators weren’t surprised, since Hong was the one who personally created the contract for Luo Feng.

“You’re that Luo Feng?” even though he seemed gentle, a tough sound rose. This black haired man lowered his head as he looked at this young youth.

“Yes, head” Luo Feng responded respectfully.

The black haired man seemed to grin.

“The head is smiling?”

“The head is smiling?” The three investigators were shocked. They were clear of the temper of this world’s strongest fighter. Even when faced with other existences surpassing the wargod level, he rarely smiles.

The black haired man judged Luo Feng and couldn’t help but to exclaim: “What powerful spiritual force!”

Luo Feng froze!

The three great investigators froze!

All the students in the training camp were dumbfounded!

Such power spiritual force? Is he talking about Luo Feng? Luo Feng’s a spirit reader?

“I, I, I…..” Luo Feng was dazed.

His secret as a spirit reader was revealed by the world’s strongest fighter, ‘Hong’, in front of the three investigators and all of the students and wargod teachers! He didn’t even release the spiritual force hidden in his realm of consciousness. The other investigators didn’t find out, but who would’ve known that not only did the head find out, he also revealed it!

“I didn’t think that you would have such powerful spiritual force, no wonder…..” the black haired man slightly nodded, as if he was quite pleased with Luo Feng.

After that, the black haired man, Hong, turned his gaze to the other students and said coldly: “You people, are the youngest geniuses of the world. Your goal isn’t to become wargods, but to become existences surpassing the wargod level! I hope that some of you can reach that point!” the head’s words seemed to have infinite magic as they sank into everyone’s hearts.

All of the students became passionate under this shapeless guidance.

After that, the black haired man, Hong, turned around and left.

…..

Only after Hong disappeared from their field of vision did the students enter an uproar. Even the wargod teachers were extremely passionate.

“The head, Hong, is way too powerful”

“Like a spirit, I felt like the head was the ruler of this entire earth just now”

“Yea, yea”

All the students used their native languages to excitedly chat with their best friends.

“Luo Feng, you’re a spirit reader?”

“You were actually hiding this, a spirit reader, man”

Quite a few Chinese students were amazed at Luo feng. However, they were all students of the elite training camp. The students of the elite training camp are all geniuses gathered from around the world. Even though spirit readers are rare and all the students were shocked, not many of them were jealous.

Of course, if they knew that Luo Feng’s spiritual force could wipe the floor with most advanced level wargods, they’ll probably faint.

“Luo Feng” a hoarse voice rang.

The surroundings immediately became silent.

Luo Feng turned his head: the person coming was indeed investigator Wang. Investigator Wang looked at Luo Feng: “Come, meet the head with me”

“Yes” Luo Feng was filled with suspicion, but followed investigator Wang to meet the head anyway.

And right now–

Within the group of students, the tall, skinny blonde youth Candace was staring at the distant Luo Feng. His eyes were cold and he clenched his teeth: “Spirit reader? Who would’ve thought that you were actually a spirit reader. Looks like aunt and the others’ suspicions were correct. Yup, I need to tell my aunt about this immediately”

“William, I’m going back to my place for a bit” said Candace.

“Alright, hurry, we’re probably going to leave soon” nodded William.

In the quiet tearoom.

The black haired man, Hong, sat on the chair as he held his tea cup as he sighed: “Luo Feng has such an amazing amount of spiritual force at such a young age. Looks like he was born with quite a bit of spiritual force. He’s one of the most powerful spirit readers I’ve ever seen. He’s also extremely intelligent, which was why he could finish the fourth stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade so quickly”

“However, why is he hiding his spiritual force?” the black haired man, Hong, suddenly thought to himself, “Maybe he’s in quite the dilemma because of what I said this time”

Indeed…..

Luo Feng was quite distressed.

While he followed investigator Wang, Luo Feng’s mind was full of worries. The head, Hong, suddenly revealed his secret, and Luo Feng couldn’t do a thing about it! As of now, he’s quite powerful, but the Vulture Scorpion couple isn’t weak either. He originally had a plan to safely take care of this step by step!

He’s in the darkness while the Vulture and Scorpion couple is in the light; everything was in his favor.

But now that his secret was suddenly revealed…..

“The Vulture Scorpion couple isn’t dumb, they’ll probably figure out that I’m the culprit” sighed Luo Feng.

“The head is inside, go in” said investigator Wang.

“Yes”

Luo Feng walked into the quiet tea room.

“Sit” the voice was still a bit cold, but interest could be seen within the black haired man’s eyes as he looked towards Luo Feng.

Luo Feng followed his directions and sat down.

“Luo Feng, your spiritual force has probably reached the advanced level wargod level. There aren’t that many wargods that are more powerful than you, so why do you hide your strength? Do you have enemies that have surpassed the wargod level?” the head, Hong, looked at Luo Feng, “Let me make this clear. If this caused you trouble, don’t worry….. if you have enemies that have surpassed the wargod level, I guarantee that they won’t touch even a hair of yours”

Hong understood that his words might’ve caused Luo Feng trouble, so he made this promise.

To Hong…..

Nobody on this planet dared to go against his words.

“Surpassing the wargod level?” Luo Feng was dumbfounded. He wasn’t strong enough to anger such people yet.

“Head, I had a conflict with the son of the Vulture Scorpion couple in the wilderness area near Jiang-Nan headquarter city and killed him as a result. Because of this, the Vulture Scorpion couple offered up an astronomical bounty for the culprit” Luo Feng spoke truthfully, “My strength only increased recently due to the dragon blood I received”

In front of the head, Luo Feng had no need to lie.

How much power does this head have?

To Hong, Luo Feng and the Vulture Scorpion couple, this conflict between wargods is like the conflict between ants! Hong’s words were clear just now….. even existences surpassing the wargod level can be calmed with just a phrase. Hong can guarantee that those existences wouldn’t even touch Luo Feng’s hair! How much power is this?

“Oh, I heard about that 100 billion bounty before” Hong slightly nodded.

As long as they aren’t stupid, anyone can understand……

that a young fighter with no authority and no background wouldn’t kill the son of two advanced level wargods unless he was forced to!

“I’m sure that vulture Li Yao will soon enough hear of what I just said earlier” nodded the head, Hong.

Luo Feng was helpless.

Isn’t it all because of you….. because of a phrase from the great deity, I’m scrambling right now.

However, who would dare to raise their complaints against Hong?

If he has to face the Vulture Scorpion couple, then so be it. He isn’t afraid of them anymore anyway. However….. his family!

“Head” requested Luo Feng sincerely, “I’m not afraid of the Vulture and Scorpion, but my family…..”

“Relax, your family will be fine” spoke the head, Hong.

Once he heard this, Luo Feng was completely relaxed. Whose words on this planet can compare to the words of the head, ‘Hong’? Presidents and prime ministers can make a speech today but end up being forced to do other things tomorrow. But with Hong, you can say that he is the ‘golden rule’: nobody is allowed to infringe upon it.

“From my understanding of vulture Li Yao’s personality, he’ll probably find a chance to attack you during our life and death adventure in Australia” said the head, Hong, “You and him are both fighters, so I won’t stick my hand into this”

Hong is way above!

Unless he has to, he’s too lazy to deal with the things going on between fighters.

“If vulture Li Yao comes to Australia, it’ll be hard to say who will die” Luo Feng’s gaze was determined.

The head, Hong, slightly nodded: “Luo Feng, you are one of the members of the Dojo of Limits. Here’s a reminder– this vulture Li Yao recently successfully came out of an archaeological ruin and found a set of ‘Black God’. This Black God set can transform into any defensive armor at will. It can even cover the entire body, including the nostrils and any other place”

Luo Feng froze.

“Once he’s completely covered, your throwing knives won’t be able to pierce through the Black God set” the head, Hong, glanced at Luo Feng’s pockets, “Of course, nobody can always have their mouth and nose covered all the time. The eyes too, since you won’t be able to see anything once they’re covered”

Luo Feng was shocked…..

This so called Black God set can transform into defensive armor at will, how amazing.

“So, you have a chance to kill him if you ambush him”

“Basically, he’s better at defending while you’re better at fleeing”

“His attack power is high while your attacks are unpredictable!”

…..

After leaving the tearoom, Luo Feng became calm.

If it weren’t for the Black God set, Luo Feng could probably defeat vulture Li Yao in a front-up fight. However, now that Li Yao has the Black God set, he’s virtually invincible! He’s not weaker than Luo Feng at all.

“Hong clearly doesn’t want to interfere in this matter”

“Well, my strength isn’t too different from vulture Li Yao’s, so Hong is probably treating this as a test” Luo Feng thought to himself. Indeed, to the head, ‘Hong’, Luo Feng was like a raw, uncut diamond. Raw, uncut diamonds need to undergo planning, cutting, and polishing to reveal its true worth.

If he even needs the Dojo to help with vulture Li Yao…..

then he would disappoint Hong too much.

“Li Yao, hmph, maybe you’re more experienced, and maybe you’ll bring a lot of people with you”

“But I’ll be waiting for you in the continent of Australia” Luo Feng immediately took large steps as he walked towards the gathering area of the training camp.

…..

And far away in China, Jiang-Nan headquarter city.

Main city sector’s Jiang-Nan mountain water sector, inside the villa on top of Marvelous mountain. Li Yao and blonde haired Venina had gloomy faces on as they stared at Candace’s image on the large screen.

“It’s like that. Aunt, uncle, I’m going to go to the gathering area, since we’re departing to the continent of Australia soon” Candace’s image immediately disappeared from the screen.

Li Yao and Venina were enraged to the extreme.

“It was him”

“IT WAS ACTUALLY HIM!!!”

Li Yao said solemnly, “He kept his identity as a spirit reader hidden. Unless he’s feeling guilty, why would he hide his identity? Hmph, student of the elite training camp? Even if it’s the emperor, I, Li Yao, will split your body into tens of thousands of pieces and make you regret ever being born into this world!”


Chapter 137: The Continent of Australia

Li Yao’s face was horrifying, his eyes gave off a fierce glow, and he exhaled heavily through his nostrils, “LUO FENG, LUO FENG, LUO FENG!!!”

“Kill him, he must die” Venina’s Chinese had an accent to it, but her tone was clearly conveyed. Venina’s gaze was venomous and her voice was sharp, “Isn’t he going to Australia for the life and death adventure? This is a great chance. Take advantage of this opportunity to kill him!”

The Vulture Scorpion couple. From their nickname, it was easy to tell that…..

They were cruel and sinister. Usually, they were the ones that domineered over others. But this time, someone killed their only son; how could the Vulture and Scorpion couple not go insane?

“Kill him. Not only are we going to kill him, we’ll also kill his entire family!” Li Yao clenched his teeth, “He killed my only son, so I’ll kill his entire family….. after that, I’ll make sure that even Luo Feng’s ashes are eradicated!!!”

Scorpion Venina also nodded. After that, she frowned as she looked towards Li Yao, “Yao, the Dojo of Limits definitely won’t allow anyone to mess with the family members of their fighters! Once discovered, the consequences will be serious. ‘Blood Blade’ from back then was chased by fighters from all over the world and had no place to hide”

“You think I’m an idiot like Blood Blade?” Li Yao scoffed, “The best way to deal with regular people is with authority! With the HR alliance’s information network, manpower, and authority, we’ll definitely be able to quietly erase Luo Feng’s family with no evidence!”

Fighters were powerful.

But the HR alliance and all the various organizations of the world had many ways to deal with regular people.

“If something goes wrong, you will have to take all responsibility” frowned Venina.

Behind her was the Paulinus family.

As one of the nine core families of the HR alliance, they definitely couldn’t go against the Dojo of LImits.

“Don’t worry, nothing will go wrong. Even if something unexpected happens, they won’t be able to trace it back to me. And even if they do manage to trace it back to me, I’ll take all responsibility!” Li Yao’s face was cold. After that, he looked towards Venina, “Venina, I’ll prepare to personally depart to the continent of Australia. With me, I’ll bring a few elite members and ride on a passenger plane from China. Can you organize that?”

Venina was the director of the HR alliance in China, so she had an astonishing amount of power.

“Not a big problem, I can make you guys seem like a fighter squad going to train. When the airplane flies over the continent of Australia, you’ll have a chance to disembark” nodded Venina.

“I want to prepare some special machines to bring with me” continued Li Yao.

“Machines? Are you thinking…..” Venina shook her head, “Impossible. The army of the Chinese government has too much power. At most, I can get you guys onto a passenger plane. There’s no way you’ll be able to bring those machines…… First, you won’t even get past the security check!”

Li Yao frowned, he knew that this was a difficult task too.

“Yao, it’s impossible if you’re leaving from China” said Venina seriously, “Those machines you want to bring are absolutely forbidden. Our HR alliance in China only has influence over the economy and regular people”

“Okay, Yao, first, take a plane to Europe”

Venina continued, “the EU is where our HR alliance has the most power. From there, I can organize a passenger plane that you, your elite fighters, and your special machines can all get on. Our HR alliance is responsible for the security checks in the airport”

“Okay, that’s the only way” nodded Li Yao.

China wasn’t like the EU.

Places like the EU and America were mainly capitalist countries. Old, powerful families had extraordinary amounts of authority and power in those countries: even political candidates were supported by them! They were also responsible for creating and overseeing weapons, passenger flights, etc.

China was different.

Passenger flights, the creation of weapons, etc. were ran by the country. Nobody else was allowed to participate! So……

Even with Venina’s identity, there’s no way she can get those special machines past the security checks in the Chinese airports.

“This way is good too. If I go to Europe, I’ll be able to find more helpers” nodded Li Yao, “Also, Venina, help me check if any of those mercenaries are willing to help…… None of the people I’m bringing are at the wargod level, so see if any wargods from the mercenary groups are willing to help”

“I’ll try” nodded Venina.

There were actually quite a few mercenary groups. The best mercenary groups had existences surpassing the wargod level and were even invited to station at a few weaker headquarter cities! As of now, Li Yao and Venina were unaware of the promise of the head of the Dojo of Limits, the world’s #1 fighter, Hong: nobody would touch even a hair of Luo Feng’s family. Li Yao didn’t know that….. so he’s still trying to organize people before he departs to Europe.



Hong-Ning headquarter city, the 153 students of the elite training camp and 10 wargod teachers were separated into six large buses as they left the training camp and headed towards the airport.

9 AM, almost 200 people got on the plane.

The plane left Hong-Ning headquarter city and flew straight towards the continent of Australia.

The entire passenger plane was reserved by the training camp and its three layers could hold 200 people. There was plenty of space and each layer of the plane had a movie playing, so the students weren’t too bored on their trip. Luo Feng sat with Zhao Ruo and Shi Jiang in the middle layer.

“Hm? The movie stopped playing?” Zhao Ruo looked at the display in front of her with shock.

In the center, three screens that were pointed at different directions were playing the same video.

“Everyone finished lunch, so start preparing!” A middle-aged Chinese man stood beside the display and pointed towards it, “This is the current continent of Australia. It’s one of the areas with the highest monster population density. Since Australia is disconnected from the rest of the world, the monsters on this continent are quite different from the monsters on other continents”

“For example, many rat type and badger type monsters are quite different from the ones in Asia and Europe”

“Before the Grand Nirvana period, the continent of Australia was famous for its diverse and large amount of animals. So before the Grand Nirvana period, there were already all sorts of animals here. The mutations caused many horrifying monsters to appear. I believe you guys have looked through a lot of information before coming here”

“Diversity is just one portion”

“After that, the high number of monsters led to….. the birth of an emperor level monster! As of now, it’s virtually instant death for you if you encounter an emperor level monster. So keep in mind to avoid places with large monster population densities. If you see large amounts of horde leader level monsters, run as far away as you can”

All the students listened carefully. Even though they were all geniuses and the death rate wasn’t that high…

people still die!

And this is under the condition that everyone is super cautious. Whoever underestimates Australia, one of the three hazardous areas of the world, will die.

“Of course, the emperor level monsters can’t be bothered to deal with you guys, unless you anger it”

“So, the largest threat are the monster hordes and horde leader level monsters”

“In places like Asia and Europe, the high population of people led to a smaller amount of monsters. But in Australia….. the large amounts of monsters led to the formation of many monster hordes! So while you’re here, pay attention to the monster hordes and horde leader level monsters” the middle-aged Chinese man pointed at the display, “These, are all sorts of monster hordes and horde leader level monsters that are commonly seen in the continent of Australia. Look carefully!”

On the screen, a video played.

Many students observed carefully.

“Senior Shi Jiang, Luo Feng, how about us three form a group while we’re at the continent of Australia?” whispered Zhao Ruo.

Shi Jiang slightly frowned.

Shi Jiang was way more powerful than Zhao Ruo. To Shi Jiang, the monsters in Australia are probably over 10 times more powerful than the ones in Asia, and there were way more horde leaders in comparison too. This is a chance for him to train himself. If he brings Zhao Ruo along….. it’ll definitely affect him.

“This time, I’m going alone” said Luo Feng.

“Hmph” Zhao Ruo rubbed her nose.

“Zhao Ruo, when the time comes, there’ll definitely be people looking to form groups” smiled Shi Jiang as he comforted.

Suddenly–

The entire plane shook violently and the students’ drinks flew out. Some students who didn’t have their seatbelt fastened flew out their chairs.

“What happened?” exclaimed Zhao Ruo in surprise.

All the students in the plane were in shock.

“Every student, every student” a bright sound carried from the broadcasting system, “Our plane has already entered the skies of the continent of Australia. However, around 40 more minutes are needed to reach our destination. The continent of Australia is famous for its high number of monsters, so there are also an astonishingly high amount of flying monsters. Since very few passenger aircraft fly past this area….. a horde of flying monsters just tried to attack our plane. Our plane has already left the horde of flying monsters way behind, so no need to worry”

The interior of the plane went into an uproar.

Flying monsters caused that shaking!

“Only flying monsters with low intelligence attack planes” said Shi Jiang to Luo Feng and Zhao Ruo, “If the monster was powerful, it wouldn’t dare to come near the plane”

“If they come near, they’re giving up their lives” laughed Luo Feng.

Planes had laser cannons on them.

Even an emperor level monster can’t dodge the horrifyingly fast attack of a laser cannon under short distances. Once they get hit, they die.

40 minutes later.

The plane landed and the hatch opened. The many students and wargod teachers on all three floors swiftly exited the plane.

“Whew” once he came out, Luo Feng’s field of vision broadened.

This was an abandoned wilderness covered in green. Large amounts of plants grew everywhere and the shadows of monsters could be seen in the distance.

“There aren’t even any buildings here!”

“The whole place is a wilderness!”

“It’ll be hard just to find a place to rest at night” quite a few students were discussing amongst themselves.

A black wargod teacher spoke Chinese loudly: “All students, record the current coordinates through your tactical communications watch. Right now, it’s 3:15 PM, 8/1/2057. Your mission is to survive in the continent of Australia for 28 days. Our plane will be here at 12 PM of the 29th. We’ll pick up all the students right here and then return to Hong-Ning headquarter city.

“Now, your life and death adventure, officially begins!”


Chapter 138: Chairman

All the wargod teachers swiftly returned to the passenger plane. After that, the plane slowly ascended and transformed into a blue light as it disappeared into the horizon.

On the wasteland, only 183 students remained.

All the students split up into groups as they attempted to invite some powerful fighters to join them. This was especially the case for the weaker students that just joined the elite training camp, since surviving alone in the continent of Australia would be an impossible mission.

“Luo Feng” a voice rose.

Luo Feng turned his head and saw senior Shi Jiang. Shi Jiang sighed: “This is the backcountry of the continent of Australia. Before the Grand Nirvana period, most of the population was gathered on the eastern and south eastern side of the continent. As for the area we’re in, it’ll be lucky just to find a small town!”

Luo Feng nodded.

Ruined cities served one purpose for fighters: shelter! Large amounts of apartment buildings made it easy to find a hidden location to rest. But….. this endless wilderness in the continent of Australia would cause many headaches.

“In the wilderness, it’ll be hard to rest if you’re alone. Once you’re asleep, a monster might eat you while you’re in your dreams” Shi Jiang looked at Luo Feng, “How about, us two form a team? We can help each other and raise our chances of survival”

“You and me?” Luo Feng slightly frowned.

If it weren’t for vulture Li Yao, partnering up with Shi Jiang would be a nice idea. However….. he has to deal with not just the monsters this time, but also with vulture Li Yao himself!

“Senior, I have a few complicated matters to deal with while I’m in the continent of Australia, so….. I have to go alone” said Luo Feng seriously.

“Complicated matters?” Shi Jiang was a bit surprised.

“Excuse me, but I can’t tell you right now. However, I’m sure you’ll know soon enough” said Luo Feng.

Witnessing this, Shi Jiang smiled as he nodded; he didn’t mind.

Actually, since Luo Feng was ranked around #40, Shi Jiang normally wouldn’t invite him to form a team. But because the head, ‘Hong’, complimented Luo Feng’s spiritual force, Shi Jiang wanted to team up with Luo Feng….. even if they can’t team up, with Shi Jiang’s identity and power, other students would be fighting over him.

Soon enough…..

Out of the 183 students, there were groups of two, three, and even up to six.

There were also five people who were alone.

“If something happens, contact us”

“See you in 28 days”

Luo Feng bid his farewells to his friends and, with his backpack, shield, ghost blade, and the ten throwing knives in his pockets, walked openly into the neverending wilderness alone.

“Oi, Wei Tong, that Luo Feng is alone?” Candace stood beside a Chinese youth.

“Yea, we invited him just now, but he declined” the Chinese youth named Wei Tong shook his head as he laughed, “Those who would dare to go alone in one of the three hazardous areas are usually the ones with a lot of confidence in themselves…… this time, out of the five that decided to go alone, four of them are in the top 20. As for this Luo Feng, his true identity is a spirit reader, so he must be quite powerful too”

However, Candace squinted as he looked towards the direction that Luo Feng was headed towards. After that, he lowered his head and looked at the map on his tactical communications watch and started his confirmations.

“Candace, it’s time to go!”

“Candace”

Three white youths of both genders yelled.

“Coming” Candace recorded the general direction where Luo Feng was headed towards, turned his head, and assembled with his squad. They then headed towards down the path they previously decided on.

Australia’s atmosphere was completely different from China’s. Right now, it was early August, which was precisely when China’s temperature is the hottest. However, Australia was already at the end of its winter season and it was already around 4 to 5 degrees. However, for Luo Feng who has already reached a body fitness level of ‘beginner level wargod’, he can stay stay naked even if it’s around negative 10 degrees.

The winds blew and the grass bowed in response, revealing quite a few herbivorous monsters.

There were carnivorous and herbivorous monsters, both of which shared one thing in common: they were highly aggressive.

Whoosh!

A swift image rushed past these relaxed monsters: that image was precisely the unaccompanied Luo Feng.

“According to the map, there are a few mountains 300 KM away. I’ll set up a temporary point there” thought Luo Feng to himself, “If my guess is correct, Candace of the elite training camp is a link to the Vulture and Scorpion couple”. As long as they aren’t dumb, anyone can figure out that Venina is probably Candace’s aunt!

“He’ll probably tell the Vulture and Scorpion where I’m headed towards” Luo Feng shook his head as he laughed.

When he left the other students, he purposefully went about a huge circle. If vulture Li Yao follows the directions that Candace gave him, he’ll probably waste a lot of time.

“I’ll set up a temporary point so I’ll have a place to rest”

“After that, I’ll start hunting horde leader monsters” Luo Feng thought to himself. “They don’t count points this August anyway, so the Dojo won’t check! I’ll take advantage of this chance to earn some money”. For other wargod level fighters, the continent of Australia is an extremely dangerous place.

However, for Luo Feng who is approaching invulnerability in the advanced wargod level……

Australia, the world of infinite monsters, is his ATM!

As long as he doesn’t get cocky and starts aggravating emperor level monsters, there’s basically no danger for someone with Luo Feng’s level of strength! It’s no surprise, since wargod level fighters rarely die in the wilderness of China. And if one happens to die, the entire country would pay their respects to them! However, even though the three hazardous regions are more dangerous for regular wargod level fighters, its actually safer for advanced level wargods.

And for Luo Feng, there’s almost no danger.

“It’ll be hard to kill powerful horde leaders. I’ll first use my strength as a fighter to attract the horde leader, and then use my spiritual force to control my throwing knives to get rid of it!”

“The more horde leaders I kill, the more money I make”

Spirit readers are usually the richest fighters. And this time…… other than dealing with Li Yao, all of Luo Feng’s time will go into hunting horde leaders! As for commander level monsters, Luo Feng couldn’t be bothered to kill them. To Luo Feng, commander level monsters’ materials just take up space in his backpack. There’s no helping it…… he only has one backpack.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Luo Feng’s swift image moved forward like wind. At a speed of 300 m/s, the monsters on the wilderness didn’t even seem to exist.

Europe, Paris headquarter city.

Paris headquarter city was the richest headquarter city out of the six headquarter cities in Europe. It is at the center of the ?le-de-France region and many island countries suffered heavy damage during the Grand Nirvana period, so many rich Englishmen escaped the UK. Regular people who were able to escape the UK also entered Paris headquarter city.

Paris headquarter city, main city sector. The traffic was heavy.

In an elegant, long limousine.

“I know”

Venina hung up and looked towards Li Yao helplessly as she shook her head, “Yao, after the mercenaries learned of Luo Feng’s identity, they rejected our requests”

“Not surprising” Li Yao’s eyes were half closed as he sat on the comfortable couch inside the car, “All those mercenaries wouldn’t dare to mess with the Dojo of Limits, and Luo Feng’s already a part of the Dojo of Limits. It’s okay….. I’m already quite satisfied, since three wargods accepted our request using their private identities”

“Yeah” Venina also nodded.

All of their requests to the mercenaries were rejected, but there were also wargods within the mercenary groups that accepted the requests using their personal identities. Wargods need to make money too, and wargods are divided into the advanced level, intermediate level, and the beginner level! There was one intermediate level wargod and two beginner level wargods that decided to accept this request.

1.5 billion euros for a beginner level wargod and 3.0 billion euros for an intermediate level wargod.

This amount of money was comparable to an entire year’s worth of income for their respective levels. All they had to do was fight once, and this time’s target was a 19 year old rookie. They also believed…… that the Dojo of Limits wouldn’t trouble the wargods of their respective mercenary groups.

“Chi!”

The limousine stopped and the doors opened. Venina and Li Yao both got off.

“HUALA!”

A large bus and a truck were parked behind. The doors opened and around 50 people swiftly got off the large bus. People got off from the inside of the truck too, each of them carrying a box with them. The couple Li Yao and Venina came over.

“Careful, lift it carefully and place it down lightly” commanded Li Yao.

“Yes”

The elite members that were carrying the boxes were as careful as careful can be. They were clear as to what was inside the boxes they were carrying….. the ultimate weapon humanity uses to fight against monsters– the laser cannon! The laser cannon is a large directed-energy type weapon. It is extremely complex, made out of many parts, and very big.

So usually, only passenger planes and trains could carry them.

Headquarter cities had them too, since laser cannons usually form part of their defense system! Once you assemble a laser cannon, especially for the high frequency ones, they take up tons of space! It can’t be moved around once assembled. So right now, the laser cannon was split into pieces and will be assembled when the parts reach their destination.

“I had to go through so much to get this set, even though it isn’t of the highest grade” Venina lowered her voice, “However, its highest frequency setting should be able to heavily damage an emperor level monster. Against horde leader level monsters, 100% chance to kill them! If you use it against Luo Feng, there will definitely be no problem. However, the most important thing is…… energy! With the energy that’s being brought along with this, it will have enough to shoot at the highest frequency three times. For the next setting, it can shoot nine times. Use it conservatively”

Li Yao slightly nodded. They went through quite a bit to get this thing in their hands.

Thankfully, the EU is where the main headquarters of the HR alliance is. And the Paulinus family was originally an arms dealing family. But even so, they had to use quite a bit of energy to get it.

“Li!”

A passionate voice carried from the side. Three men walked towards him, two white people and one yellow skinned man. These three people were the wargods that Li Yao hired this time.

Li Yao smiled as he greeted them. Suddenly, his phone rang.

“Hello” Li Yao answered his phone.

“Mr. Li, the higher ups have ordered us to stop all operations. Sorry!” The voice in the phone was low but full of apology.

Li Yao’s face changed dramatically and became a bit fierce: “Stop? Who gave the order? Who?”

“A direct order from HQ” said the voice in the phone.

Li Yao had a bad face on.

“Yao, what’s wrong?” asked Venina. Li Yao’s face was livid as he said lowly: “The people I organized in China stopped what they were doing”

“Stopped?” Venina was quite surprised.

Suddenly, Venina’s phone started vibrating too. Venina walked to the side as she picked up her phone.

“Venina!” a very loud sound rose.

Venina’s face changed and she instantly became super polite: “Chairman!”

The part that manages the entire HR alliance is the allied assembly, which is also the legendary underground assembly!

And the chairman is the person with the most power in the assembly! As the head of the entire HR alliance, one can imagine just how high his position would be! What kind of identity does the head of the HR alliance, which controls half of the world’s economy, possess? There were quite a few existences surpassing the wargod level that were willing to accept the chairman’s invitation to work for the assembly!

“Venina, listen well” the resounding voice became serious, “You are absolutely not allowed to touch Luo Feng’s family! If that happens….. your entire Paulinus family will be punished by the entire alliance!”

Venina’s face changed dramatically.

“Hmph!”

The call hung up.

“What happened?” Li Yao came from the side and looked at Venina with a confused face on.

“The chairman, the chairman personally called” Venina’s face was pale white. She wasn’t dumb….. to enable the biggest person of the entire HR alliance to personally make this call and to warn her of a possible sanction against one of the core families of the HR alliance… the chairman of the HR alliance must’ve received pressure that the alliance was never faced with before–

Pressure, from one person!

Hong!


Chapter 139: Laser Cannon

“Phone call from the chairman?” Li Yao’s face changed too.

Even though he was one of the most powerful people in the circle of wargods, he is on a completely different level when compared to the head of the entire HR alliance.

The chairman is the emperor of the underground world!

“You come here” Venina dragged Li Yao far away and lowered her voice as she said seriously, “The chairman just called to warn us not to touch Luo Feng’s family. If that happens….. our Paulinus family will receive a sanction from the entire alliance!”

“What?” Li Yao frowned, “Impossible. Your Paulinus family is also one of the core families of the alliance. Even though he’s the chairman, he has to gather a meeting and go through a discussion to get the entire alliance to punish one of the core families. Just a phrase from him can’t cause this much to happen”

Venina lowered her voice: “Which means that the chairman believes that if the assembly is convened, they’ll definitely be able to pass this decision”

Li Yao was shocked.

He understood now……

Only the two most powerful fighters ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’ can cause the entire HR alliance to shake with one phrase. And the one sticking out for Luo Feng is probably Hong!

“Bastard!”

“Fucking bullshit luck” cursed Li Yao. He wanted to slice Luo Feng into thousands of pieces. Initially, he wanted to unleash his anger onto Luo Feng’s entire family, but clearly…… after Hong gave his words, the HR alliance would probably send people to protect Luo Feng’s family before Hong can even send his own people.

Now, Li Yao has no way to send anyone.

“Hmph, since the head, Hong, is interfering, I’ll let his family off the hook” sneered LI Yao, “Hong knows about this and yet isn’t stopping me from getting Luo Feng….. he probably wants to use me as a tool to train Luo Feng” Li Yao was also a man with a lot of power, so it was easy for him to guess Hong’s way of thinking.

“Train? Hmph, if this training fails, it’ll end in Luo Feng’s death”

Li Yao’s gaze was cold, “Venina, you stay here in Paris headquarter city. We’ll contact each other by phone”

“Okay” Venina nodded.



On the passenger plane.

This passenger plane left Paris headquarter city at 11:45 AM and was headed towards the continent of Australia. There were only around 60 passengers on the plane. These 60 people are the people that Li Yao has gathered to bring with him. Within this group were also professionals to assemble and use the laser cannon.

“What, Mr. Li, is this a laser cannon in here?” the yellow skinned man was shocked.

“Oh, Lord”

The other two white men were freaked out.

“The laser cannon is a banned weapon” said one of the large moustached white man, “The world alliance bans the transportation of laser cannons and nuclear weapons”

“They’re banned, but aren’t people still transporting them?”

Li Yao said with disregard, “Every year, laser cannons and nuclear missiles are transported from smaller headquarter cities! The world alliance can only pretend to ignore such things. Furthermore, the world alliance is comprised of the five powerful countries. All the power is in the hands of the five powerful countries; the world alliance is just their puppet”

The three wargods beside him couldn’t help but to laugh.

The laser cannon and the nuclear missile are the two ultimate weapons of humanity!

The nuclear missile has a large blast radius and is extremely powerful. Its only downside is that it emits large amounts of radiation, which can trigger mutations in monsters.

The laser cannon attacks a single target and is comparable to a ‘death ray’. As of now, it’s humanity’s favorite weapon.

“Mr. Li, you sure have tricks up your sleeve. I’m impressed” the yellow skinned man snickered, “If I want to buy this laser cannon, I wonder if Mr. Li has any way to get another one?”

“That won’t do”

Li Yao shook his head, “After I use this laser cannon, I’m going to put it back! If it goes missing for too long, then they’ll find out.

When that happens, I’ll be in trouble. Bei Hou Gang…… shouldn’t you Japanese people have some connections to get a laser cannon?”

Japan, an economic power before the Grand Nirvana period.

Sadly, they were an island country. They hunted down too many large fish like sharks….. after the Grand Nirvana period, all the monsters mutated. Large fish like sharks became extremely powerful after mutating. There were quite a few horde leader monsters in the sea, and even some emperor level monsters! Horde leader and emperor level monsters have an intelligence level comparable to a human’s.

So they had their revenge!

They gathered up and surrounded the Japanese archipelago!

Defending an island was already quite troublesome. The endless waves of monsters ripped apart the land as they flowed in through the rivers and coordinated with the flying monsters in the air to deliver pincer attacks… when faced with that and the arrival of an Emperor level monster, the Japanese could only struggle. They couldn’t defend against the attack at all and all the citizens were only thinking about how to escape!

At the start of the Grand Nirvana period, the monsters didn’t mutate too much and most of the people with authority already escaped. Even though there were only a few hundred thousand people left in the end, Japan can now count as a small nation after a few dozen years of rest.

“Those connections are too expensive” Bei Yuan Gang said seriously, “Mr. Li, if you are able to get me a laser cannon, I’m willing to pay 20x the cost!”

“20 times?” Li Yao’s eyebrow rose.

The laser cannon was extremely costly to make and, because of some special features, money usually isn’t enough to get one.

“I’m tempted but, sadly, I don’t have the ability”

…..

The passenger plane entered the continent of Australia.

However, Li Yao left the passenger compartment and headed towards the bathroom alone.

“Hello, Venina” Li Yao contacted Venina, “Where’s Luo Feng right now?”

The HR alliance could track a fighter’s position via their tactical communications watch.

“Can’t confirm” a slightly anxious voice carried from the tactical communications watch, “I’m trying to think of another way”

“What do you mean can’t confirm?” Li Yao’s face changed.

The HR alliance could confirm positions through the tactical communication watch.

Back then…..

They used this method to track all the fighters surrounding Li Wei’s corpse.

“The position his tactical communications watch is returning is the elite training camp!” Venina’s voice was restless.

“The elite training camp? No, he’s in the continent of Australia” Li Yao was confused.

“Of course it’s not right. This means….. that Luo Feng changed tactical communication watches!” The voice coming from the tactical communications watch was very soft, “He left his other tactical communications watch in the training camp. As for the one he’s using right now, there’s no record of it in the HR alliance!”

This was indeed what had happened.

On the first of August, Luo Feng received an enormous reward for raising his battle ability amplifier to 12. The reward contained a battle uniform set, weapons, binoculars, a tactical communications watch, and many other various little gadgets. Luo Feng changed to the new tactical communications watch, which was produced by the Dojo of Limits; only people of high authority could wear them.

Since the HR alliance didn’t make it, there were no loopholes: there obviously wouldn’t be any record of it in the HR alliance’s records.

“The tactical communications watch that Luo Feng is currently using was probably created by the Dojo of Limits, so we can’t track it” said Venina.

“Then what’re we going to do?” Li Yao was extremely anxious.

If he couldn’t locate Luo Feng, then searching for someone in the continent of Australia is like searching for a needle in a haystack.

“There’s only one way now: call Luo Feng’s tactical communications watch! Once the call goes through, we can track his position” said Venina. This was nothing out of the ordinary; all regular phones had this function. Once you call someone’s number, you’ll be able to confirm their position whether or not they accept your call.

“Then call him” followed Li Yao.

“But–he’s using a new tactical communications watch, so I haven’t found his number yet” said Venina helplessly.

If she doesn’t know his number, how will she make the call?

Truth be told, Luo Feng just got his new tactical communications watch on August 1st. The only people who know his number are his friends from China in the elite training camp.

“Search, his number must be found” Li Yao was anxious.

“He just changed his tactical communications watch, so very few people know his number. Some of his friends in the training camp probably know. The elite training camp itself probably has the means to contact him too” Venina said helplessly, “But, there’s no way I can sneak into the insides of the Dojo of Limits”

“Hurry and find it! The plane is about to land soon. We can’t just fight against monsters while carrying all these boxes can we? Once we encounter a horde and the delicate parts of the laser cannon get damaged just a bit, the entire laser cannon will fail to operate” said Li Yao urgently, “Hurry up and confirm Luo Feng’s position!”

“Okay, I’ll let Candace try again”

After hanging up.

When Li Yao returned, the rest of the people in the passenger compartment were quite relaxed.

“Klein” said Li Yao to a white middle-aged man, “If we carry these boxes around a few hundred km on land, will they be okay?”

Klein respectfully responded: “Mr. Li, even though all the parts are properly protected in each box, normal impacts will not cause a problem. However….. this an extremely delicate optical amplification weapon. Once a single part is damaged, the entire laser cannon might not be able to function, so we cannot risk this”

Li Yao couldn’t help but to clench his teeth.

He was in a rush!

“What’s the range on this laser cannon?” asked Li Yao again.

“There is not an exact answer for the range” said Klein seriously, “Even though the laser cannon is the ultimate weapon, it has its weaknesses….. First, it shoots in a straight line! But the earth is a spheroid, so the surface of the earth isn’t perfectly flat, but curved!”

“So if the target is so far that we can’t see it from the ground, then the laser cannon naturally wouldn’t be able to hit it!”

“So the laser cannon must be placed on high ground to increase its range!”

“Of course, the target is a spirit reader. If he flies up into the air, we will be able to see him from a faraway distance. If nothing is obstructing the path between the laser cannon and the target, then the target will be destroyed instantly” smiled Klein, “There is no need to worry about the power of the laser cannon. Now, the hard part will be making him fly up into the air”

“If he is on the ground, then once he is a bit far, we will not be able to attack him” said Klein, “Also…… pay attention to the weather. If there is a lot of mist or rain, the laser cannon will not be able to attack”

“The laser cannon focuses light, and the particles in the rain and mist will cause light to refract, which would greatly reduce its power.

“”So…..”

“The laser cannon has to be placed on high ground near the target! That way, it will be easier to find a chance to kill the target” said Klein.

Li Yao nodded.

He knew that….. but he doesn’t even know where Luo Feng is right now, so where is the plane going to land?


google translate says Bei Hou Gang is Kitahara Tsuyoshi in Japanese, but I’m just gonna leave it in the Chinese pin yin.


Chapter 140: Base

“Mr. Li” the captain of the passenger plane personally came to the passenger compartment.

“Yes?” Li Yao looked towards him.

The captain followed: “Mr. Li, our plane still has to fly towards Washington headquarter city from Paris headquarter city tonight. So we can only stay here for at most another half an hour. If Mr. Li cannot tell us the precise landing coordinates within half an hour, then we can only…..”

Li Yao frowned: “I understand!”

Every passenger plane is extremely expensive and is an important weapon of every country; there’s no way Li Yao can keep one for an extended amount of time!

As Li Yao was extremely flustered, Luo Feng was extremely relaxed. Actually, even though Li Yao headed towards Paris headquarter city on August 1st, he spent a bit of time getting a laser cannon and three wargods to join his party. So by the time he actually departed, it was already August 5th.

In the center of the continent of Australia.

A mountain range.

“The largest monster horde in this mountain range are those shrewdness of apes” in a dark cave, Luo Feng tidied up the monster materials in his backpack, “Today, I’ll get rid of their leader! Hehe, just what I’d expect from one of the three hazardous regions: there are tons of monsters and tons of horde leaders!”

It has already been four days since he came here.

However, he only successfully killed one horde leader level monster, and it was a low level one too!

“No wonder people say that it’s hard to defeat a horde leader and even harder to kill one” Luo Feng was helpless. He is a mighty spirit reader who had more tricks up his sleeves than a regular fighter. In the past three days, he already found 11 horde leaders, but each of them were extremely sneaky.

Once they feel like the situation isn’t right, they’ll run!

And Luo Feng’s throwing knives are restricted in range. They’re strongest within a 50 meter radius and don’t use up a lot of spiritual force. 100 meter radius, it can barely keep its highest power, but because of the distance, more spiritual force is used up. As for any greater distance, the throwing knives’ power sinks.

Just a single movement from the horde leader monster can move itself 100 meters away.

“Out of 11 horde leader level monsters, only one was successfully killed”

“And that was thanks to my spiritual force!”

“No wonder wargods are all yelling money is hard to make. They would rather kill high level commanders than fight against horde leaders” Luo Feng lifted up his water bag and drank a bit. After that, he packed up and put on his backpack and shield. WIth his ghost blade in hand, he carefully departed.

…..

Luo Feng jumped off the cliff of a mountain and directly soared past 70 to 80 meters as he arrived on another mountain. After that, he continued to sprint forward. Sometimes he jumped, sometimes he ran, and sometimes he would do all sorts of amazing movements. This mountain range was like a flat surface.

“Hm?” Luo Feng suddenly stopped as he stooped on top of a cliff.

“I’m here” Luo Feng heard the noisy yells.

He lowered his head and looked down!

The canyon below was filled with all sorts of ape type monsters. All that could be seen was a densely packed group; there were definitely hundreds of thousands of them. According to Luo Feng’s experience from hunting monsters these few days, this ape horde is the strongest power in this mountain range! This ape horde had three horde leader level monsters, and its leader was an advanced level horde leader!

They were the number one horde in this mountain range! Luo Feng named this nameless mountain range: Ape Mountain Range.

“Hm, how come the leader of this shrewdness of apes, the high level horde leader golden ape, isn’t here today?” Luo Feng carefully observed. The two apes that stuck out the most in the shrewdness of apes were gigantic apes with purple fur. They were precisely the strongest type of apes within the ape type monsters: the demonic ape!

Even though the demonic ape was #1 out of the ape type monsters, these two demonic apes were only low level horde leader level.

“ROAR~~” an ear piercing roar seemed to pierce the sky.

Suddenly, the entire ape horde came noisy and rowdy.

Below, a gigantic ape that was covered in golden scales and around 20 meters tall was dragging a silver python that was over 30 meters in length with one hand. All of the ape monsters moved out of the way and the two demonic apes came to greet it as if they were kissing ass.

“HOWL~” The gigantic ape walked in front of the smoothest platform and sat down. It then ferociously ripped apart the python whose head was already completely shattered.

HUALA~

The python was forcefully ripped into two and its fresh blood spilled everywhere. Suddenly, the millions of ape type monsters yelled excitedly.

The gigantic ape casually tossed aside one half of the python’s corpse, which the two demonic apes on the side immediately started to eat excitedly. The gigantic ape sat on the side and happily ate. It didn’t seem to mind that the blood from the corpse of the python was dripping all over its scales.

“It’s that lightning python!”

“I didn’t manage to kill it, but this golden ape managed to” on top of the cliff where Luo Feng was looking down from, Luo Feng was filled with shock.

This low level horde leader level lightning python was precisely one of the 11 horde leaders that Luo Feng faced off against. However, this lightning python was too sneaky and had too many pythons under its control, so Luo Feng wasn’t able to succeed. Who would’ve thought that this high level horde leader level ‘golden ape’ killed it.

“I need to let them think I’m a regular fighter at first so I can unexpectedly kill them” thought Luo Feng to himself.

The golden ape ranks 2 out of the ape type monsters.

Actually, ape type monsters are mainly divided into two categories: apes with long hair and apes with scales. Demonic apes are the most powerful long-haired apes, while golden apes are the most powerful scaled apes. If they’re on the same level, the demonic ape is slightly stronger than a golden ape.

However, a high level horde leader golden ape has limitless power, is extremely quick, and has an astonishing level of defense.

He’s not easy to mess with!

“My killing blow will be my throwing knives controlled by my spiritual force”

“But if I’m not able to kill it and it realizes its life is in danger, it’ll escape for sure. Once it escapes, I won’t be able to catch it” Luo Feng understood that he only had one chance!

And once he misses that chance, the golden ape won’t give him another one.

…..

In the canyon, the cries of countless apes shook the skies. The three horde leaders were eating the corpse of the lightning python.

Suddenly–

A black image shot down like a panther from the sky and directly stomped onto the body of an ape monster. With a ‘peng’, the body of that ape type monster directly blew apart; its blood flying everywhere. Using the force of this stomp, Luo Feng charged towards the center of the ape horde like lightning!

Over there, were three horde leaders!

“HOWL~~” “HOWL~~”

The two demonic apes roared angrily. Instantly, the large amounts of commander level apes and many more soldier level apes crazily surrounded Luo Feng.

“OUT OF THE WAY!”

Luo Feng’s gaze was sharp and his body was like wind as he swiftly moved forward.

The ghost blade in his hand instantly turned into streams of lightning. As the light of his blade flashed, body after body was split open. Blood flew everywhere and bodies were tossed around. In the tower of trials, Luo Feng could face off against a horde of large amounts of monsters with equivalent strength. Now, when faced with commander and soldier level monsters, they were destroyed like weeds.

Every location he stopped at was filled with blood and corpses.

His battle uniform drenched in blood, Luo Feng stepped on the back of an ape and directly leaped towards the center.

“HOWL~~”

On the platform in the center, the golden ape randomly picked up a rock beside him and then ferociously threw it at Luo Feng!

BOOM!

With the size of the golden ape’s palm, the rock had a diameter of around a meter. A rock as big as this was like a cannon, which arrived in front of Luo Feng within a blink of an eye. The huge rock brought about great pressure, causing the air around it to rumble. Technically, Luo Feng could use his spiritual force to give this rock a “boost” towards the side, which would make the rock fly off course!

But Luo Feng didn’t want to reveal his spiritual force!

“Hu!” Luo Feng tried to bend his body in mid air and then put the shield to his side.

The huge rock scraped the shield and then flew out.

And Luo Feng landed in the ape horde below. Once he landed in the horde, another storm of blood began again. Luo Feng instantly decimated around 10 ape monsters surrounding him. After that, his body flashed and appeared on the platform in the center.

“BOOM!” “BOOM!” “BOOM!”

Three huge rocks were thrown by the golden ape.

And Luo Feng revealed his perfect level technique. As if he was smoke, just a simple shake of his body avoided two of the huge rocks. He then used his strength to dodge the third one.

“HU!”

The air shook violently and even formed shockwaves visible to the naked eye.

“Fist!” at the exact instant Luo Feng avoided the third huge rock, he saw a fist covered in golden scales arrive in front of him. That golden ape was sitting on the platform just now, but its fist instantly appeared in front of Luo Feng. It was extremely fast!

The eyes of the golden ape were ice cold!

Human?

It hasn’t killed a human for a very long time. But to all powerful monsters, humans are their common enemy! And it believes that, with its calculated timing, the human in front of it won’t be able to dodge its fist and can only face off against it directly.

However……

Even an advanced level wargod fighter wouldn’t dare to take a fist from a high level horde leader level golden ape head on! Right when this human attempts to do so, even if he doesn’t instantly turn into bits and pieces, his organs will be shattered!

“I waited for you so long, who would’ve thought that you would come to me yourself!” however, Luo Feng simply laughed loudly when faced with this fist.

Hu! His body shook in a weird matter.

This human, with no external forces, seemed to dodge like a leaf being blown by wind, directly avoiding the golden ape’s horrifying fist!

“Hm?” the golden ape was surprised: how could this human avoid that?

Could it be…… the most special type out of the humans…..

Not even giving the golden ape a chance to think, in the exact instant when Luo Feng used his spiritual force to dodge–

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Six black throwing knives!

Two SS grade throwing knives and four 9th series throwing knives!

Six flashes of lightning!

They flew violently! Their target, the head of the golden ape!

“ROAR!” The eyes of the golden ape widened with fury. The fist that was smashing towards Luo Feng opened. The huge palm directly slapped towards Luo Feng! At the same time, its left hand appeared next to its face like lightning, and its body slightly tilted towards the side!

Pu! Pu! Pu! Three throwing knives hit the palm of the left hand; they only pierced the surface. A hint of golden blood dyed the palm.

Pu! Pu!

Two throwing knives shot towards the head of the golden ape. One of them only went in halfway before getting stuck in the muscles in the face. The other one only pierced the skin and was then blocked by the tough skull.

Pu!

The final throwing knife slashed across the neck of the golden ape, drawing open a gigantic wound. Blood sprayed out like a fountain, causing the golden ape to roar with fury!


Chapter 141: The Meeting

When the huge hand slapped towards Luo Feng, Luo Feng felt like the entire sky went black. Immediately, he stomped the ground and used his spiritual force on his shield, causing his entire body to quickly dodge sideways, thus avoiding that horrifying palm! Buzz~~ the platform rumbled when the golden ape’s palm hit it and directly split apart.

“Hu!” “Hu!”

The golden ape’s right hand wasn’t satisfied as it quickly swung twice towards Luo Feng like lightning. The horrifying sonic booms were earsplitting. The shockwaves formed by the hand affected some of the apes and the nearby wall. Rocks and boulders rumbled as they tumbled, and quite a few ape monsters were killed by the shockwaves; blood flowed out of their every orifice.

Under these two attacks, Luo Feng’s figure became blurry and frequently dodged in a way that no normal person could.

“This human!” after those two attacks, even though the golden ape was unwilling, it immediately decided to run!

“Too late!”

“Die!” Luo Feng stared at the golden ape. When the golden ape attacked twice, the six throwing knives pulled away from the golden ape’s body to a distance of around 10 meters, and then instantly started accelerating!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Six throwing knives transformed into six streams of black light, all headed towards the neck of the golden ape, the place with a huge wound.

“HOWL~”

The golden ape howled angrily, but the six peculiar throwing knives instantly reached mach 10. The golden ape had no time to run away, so it could only attempt to dodge. But all that could be heard was “puchi” “puchi” over and over again. With a flash of its body, the golden ape was 100 meters away, where it then fell and rolled on the ground, killing many other ape type monsters as a result.

Dead!

The golden ape leader is dead!

The entire ape horde went silent. All of the ape monsters stared at the gigantic being on the ground– that used to be their leader.

“BOOM!”

“BOOM!”

The two demonic apes turned into two flashes of light as they swiftly ran away. Within a blink of an eye, they already disappeared from the canyon. Only after that did the sonic booms rise. “YAYAYA!” countless apes made weird noises as they broke down and escaped in every direction. Soon enough, not a single living ape was left in the canyon.

“Those two demonic apes sure run quickly” laughed Luo Feng. With a lightning-like leap, he arrived next to the golden ape’s corpse.

Hu! Hu! Hu!

The six hovering throwing knives returned to Luo Feng’s pockets.

“I sure am lucky. This golden ape’s defense almost allowed it to escape”. The life force of a golden ape is quite strong. Its body is full of scales and its muscles are tight. One could imagine just how high its defensive capabilities are after seeing Luo Feng’s throwing knife get stuck in its face.

Unless you attack through its nostrils, mouth, eyes, or through the head, it’ll usually be hard to kill it.

Only its neck isn’t too heavily defended. Luo Feng drew open a wound the first time and then guided a throwing knife through that wound the second time. The throwing knife went inside the wound and directly made its way to the golden ape’s head, where it furiously slashed and killed the golden ape!

Otherwise–

Even if he pierces the throat, the size of the throwing knife isn’t big enough to deal a killing blow to the large body of a golden ape; it’ll cause a heavy injury, but it won’t kill it!

“The golden ape, a high level horde leader level golden ape! Hehe, there probably aren’t that many advanced level wargods that can successfully kill it” Luo Feng felt great. He couldn’t help but to take out his SS grade throwing knife and start dissecting the golden ape, starting from its chest. The most valuable part of the golden ape are the scales right at the center of its chest!

A golden ape with a height of over 20 meters lay dead on the ground.

And yet, here he was, dissecting it for materials….. Luo Feng was amazed at this scene.

“I still remember during high school, when I was going back home with Wen, the black crowned golden eagle flew across Yang-Zhou city and shattered tons of glass with its cry! Back then, I was thinking to myself: I’ll definitely become an extremely powerful fighter that can kill a black crowned golden eagle and a demonic ape” Luo Feng shook his head as he laughed, “And just now, when the two demonic apes saw me, they ran away in fear”

Life was this unpredictable.

He was so weak back then, and now, he’s a powerful fighter!

Last winter, he was being chased around by a steel armored dragon.

And now, he just killed a golden ape that was almost as powerful as a steel armored dragon!

Getting all those scales out was quite a pain, but Luo Feng wasn’t hasty at all. Instead, he hummed to himself while he kept dissecting with his SS grade throwing knife.

“A pain?”

“If I sell this high level horde leader level golden ape to the HR alliance, I can sell it for 12 billion Chinese dollars. It’s just dissecting for materials, who would be impatient with this?” Luo Feng was extremely happy. A regular high level horde leader level monster was worth around 5 billion–20 billion chinese dollars. Since the steel armored dragon has the title of ‘dragon’, it can sell for 18 billion. The golden ape, priced at 12 billion, was considered as a large amount of money within the high level horde leaders.

While Luo Feng was dissecting without worry, suddenly–

His tactical communications watch started vibrating.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyebrows raised and he lowered his head.

“Senior Shi Jiang?” Luo Feng immediately picked up.

“Hey, Luo Feng” Senior Shi Jiang’s familiar voice carried from the tactical communications watch.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to smile: “Senior Shi Jiang, how are you doing these days?”

“Not bad. I just found a city and I’m resting in the same ruined apartment every day. Sometimes I’ll come out to hunt monsters…… Yesterday, I even encountered a horde leader level monster, a low level one. However, that monster ran too quickly. Horde leader level monsters sure are hard to hunt” said Shi Jiang, “Oh yea, Luo Feng. Someone just asked for your new phone number from me”

“Oh?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Didn’t you say that, once someone asks for your phone number, I should contact you immediately?” laughed Shi Jiang.

“Yea, thanks” laughed Luo Feng, “Who asked for it?”

“Wei Tong” said Shi Jiang, “I asked him, did someone ask you to do this, but this kid wouldn’t admit it. He claimed to want the phone number for himself”

“Wei Tong?” Luo Feng slightly nodded.

Not out of expectations……

From Luo Feng’s anticipations, Candace would ask his Chinese friends to help ask for the number.

“Alright, be careful. We’ll chat when we have time” Shi Jiang then hung up.

Luo Feng let out a smile as he sat on the arm of the gigantic golden ape: “As expected….. they want to find my location via my phone number!”. His tactical communications watch was new, and his number was new too! The Scorpion, Vulture couple want revenge, so they’ll probably have locate him via his phone number.

And he didn’t even tell his family members his new phone number. Only a few people in the training camp and the managers of the training camp know his phone number.

“Great!”

“Looks like they’re on the move” Luo Feng didn’t mind at all, because he was absolutely clear: there was no way that he could make Vulture and Scorpion give up their quest for revenge. Since they have to fight, why doesn’t he take control of the grand scheme? With the tricks of Scorpion and Vulture, it probably wouldn’t be impossible for them to get his phone number from the training camp given enough time.

So Luo Feng already told Shi Jiang, Zhao Ruo, and the others that if someone wants his phone number, then give it to them. However, they have to contact him when that happens!

…..

After around five minutes.

Luo Feng took off all the scales at the chest of the golden ape’s corpse and put them into his backpack. While he was sitting on the side resting, his tactical communications watch vibrated.

“Hello” Luo Feng picked up.

“Little Gan, hurry up and come home to eat, everyone’s just waiting for you” a voice of a housewife rose.

“I’m not little Gan” Luo Feng asked in response, “Didn’t you call the wrong number?”

“Wrong number? Uh…… sorry” the call quickly hung up.

Luo Feng let out a smile: “Nice acting, wrong number?”. Dialing the wrong number does indeed happen often, “My number is from Hong-Ning city, and Hong-Ning city’s primary language is Chinese. That housewife was also speaking Chinese. If I was at the training camp, I probably wouldn’t suspect anything.”

“Sadly…..”

“After not too long, they’ll probably come to this mountain range” Luo Feng swiftly got up and walked towards the lightning python not too far away, “Alright, after I harvest the gallbladder of this snake, I’ll go meet the Vulture Scorpion couple!”

Dissecting the lightning python’s corpse was 100 times easier than dissecting the golden ape’s.

Luo Feng was quite lucky; the corpse was mostly eaten up but the gallbladder wasn’t.

“Time to go!” Luo Feng ferociously stomped on the floor and directly leaped up to a height of around 80 meters. He stepped on a rock on the side of the mountain and then swiftly jumped again into the distance. With a third jump, he disappeared deep into the mountain range.

On the passenger plane.

The captain was anxiously sitting on the side: “Mr. Li, I’ll give you at most five more minutes”

“Don’t worry, don’t worry, it’ll be soon” frowned Li Yao.

Suddenly, Li Yao’s tactical communications watch vibrated and Li Yao immediately picked up.

“Yao, I already sent Luo Feng’s coordinates to you” Venina’s voice rang.

“Very good!”

Li Yao’s eyes flashed and then checked the coordinates he received, “It’s only around 300 km from here. It’s in a mountain range?”

“Captain, depart, to here. Stop at the plains below the mountain” commanded Li Yao.

“Okay” the captain who has long been restless immediately gave his command.

The passenger plane immediately headed towards the mountain range that Luo Feng was in. With the passenger plane’s astonishing speed, it only took a few minutes to cover a distance of around 300 km.

…..

In Ape Mountain Range, Luo Feng was currently observing every direction on top of the highest mountain in the range, which was over 1,000 meters high.

After not too long……

“The passenger plane should be fast” mumbled Luo Feng.

“Hm? It’s here!”

Luo Feng smiled.

In the distance to the north, an image was slowly descending; it was precisely a large passenger plane. As the passenger plane’s hatch opened, person after person jumped out of the plane. The person who was leading them indeed matched the photo that Luo Feng saw online–advanced level wargod level vulture ‘Li Yao’.

“Vulture is here? What about scorpion?” Luo Feng looked carefully through his binoculars, “Oh, hehe….. quite a few people came huh”

“Huh, there are quite a few crates too”

“The hatch closed? Looks like scorpion didn’t come”

“One, two…… yup, 59 people total!”

Each and every action of Li Yao’s group in the distance was under Luo Feng’s observation.

“Vulture Li Yao, you came to hunt me down…… so I need to go give you my greetings!” Luo Feng’s gaze turned cold…..

Kill!

He has to get rid of vulture Li Yao as fast as possible!


demonic apes were mentioned in vol 1 ch 1, but I used “Devil gorillas”. however, I like demonic apes more so I’ll use that from now on.


Chapter 142: Kill!

“They are probably around three km away from the bottom of the mountain” Luo Feng hid on top of the mountain as he observed the wastelands below him. Nobody has cleaned up these wastelands for dozens of years, so tons of weeds were growing around. If someone hid within these weeds, they probably wouldn’t be discovered as long as they weren’t too close to their target.

Luo Feng let out a smile; his plan was already formulated in his head.

“I’ll lay and stick to the ground and then slowly approach them! They shouldn’t be able to find out”. If he sticks to the ground and uses his spiritual force to move himself forward, he won’t make too much noise. This is definitely the best way for him to move while sticking to the ground.

However……

Once he gets down, his backpack will show. It’ll give him away! Before he put in the scales of the golden ape his backpack wasn’t that big, but now it was bulging. That golden ape was a huge ape that was over 20 meters tall. Even if you just take the scales from its chest, once you stack them together, they’ll take up lots of space.

“I’ll do that!” Luo Feng immediately turned around and jumped down the mountain.

While he was still in midair, he turned and stuck to another mountain. He slowly moved forward on the mountainside and quickly entered his hidden base.

In his base.

In a dark cave, a throwing knife immediately drew across the ground next to a boulder in the corner. Under Luo Feng’s spiritual force, the boulder flew up and Luo Feng dug out another hole beneath it. He threw his backpack into the huge hole and then sealed it with the gigantic boulder.

Some sand and rocks rolled, covering up the sides.

This cave was dark, so even if someone came, it would be difficult for them to discover the hidden underground backpack.

“I probably wouldn’t even need half an hour to deal with Li Yao. No monsters have entered my base these four days, so it would be impossible for a monster to enter and be able to discover my backpack within the next half hour. I’m sure my luck isn’t that bad yet!” laughed Luo Feng as he turned his head and quietly left.

The weedy wasteland.

Luo Feng’s body was against the ground. Well, to be precise, his hexagonal shield was between him and the ground!

“Go!” Luo Feng thought to himself.

His spiritual force immediately controlled the hexagonal shield. Luo Feng’s entire body was basically stuck against the ground of the wasteland as he swiftly headed towards the direction of Li Yao’s group in the distance. The distance from Luo Feng’s back to the ground definitely didn’t exceed 40 cm. Even herbivorous monsters in the wilderness will have trouble discovering Luo Feng.

At first, Luo Feng was advancing quickly, but once the distance between the two sides reached 500 meters, Luo Feng slowed down. “Hm?” within the gaps of the weeds, Luo Feng saw Li Yao and his group, “This vulture Li Yao, how come his armor changed?”

Before, when he observed with his binoculars, vulture Li Yao’s armor was a black battle uniform, but now….. this vulture Li Yao’s originally unclothed arms and hands also became black. His neck became black too. He was even wearing a seemingly cool black helmet!

You could say…..

Other than his face, vulture Li Yao’s entire body was covered with black. He was also wearing his battle uniform at the same time!

“This must be the Black God set” thought Luo Feng to himself. It was exactly the same as the head described!

“This vulture Li Yao sure is cautious” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to curse to himself, “They just got off the passenger plane and he already used his black god set. He has his Black God set in the inside and his battle uniform on the outside. Even if his battle uniform isn’t SS grade, it’ll be at least a 9th series one!”

Two layers of protection!

One battle uniform and one Black God set.

It’ll be hard to harm Li Yao! And don’t even mention killing him!

“Once he discovers the threat I pose to him, he’ll probably cover his entire face and only leave his eyes, nose, and mouth open” Luo Feng slightly frowned, “Hmph, I have to succeed on my first attack! When he’s not paying attention, my throwing knives will go straight for his face!”

In the wasteland filled with weeds, Luo Feng slowly hovered across the ground.

The distance between the two became shorter and shorter…..

400 meters, 350 meters, 300 meters…..

Within a blink of an eye, they were only 100 meters apart!

“The closer I get to him, the harder it’ll be for him to react to my throwing knives” with a thought, Luo Feng’s six throwing knives, including the two SS grade throwing knives, silently flew out of Luo Feng’s pockets. After that, the six throwing knives directly pierced the ground and started heading towards vulture Li Yao’s group underground.

Luo Feng also stopped, not making a single movement as he lay on the ground.

…..

Vulture Li Yao’s group was currently carefully moving forward on the wastelands, hoping they wouldn’t aggravate any monsters.

“Everyone move faster” Li Yao walked while he carefully observed every direction.

The three wargods behind him, two white people and one yellow person, also carefully looked around…… actually, with the strength of their group, they weren’t really afraid of monsters. However, each of them were clear: once they attract some monsters and are attacked by a horde, they’ll cause a huge commotion.

When that happens, maybe Luo Feng will notice them. Once Luo Feng notices, then everything will become a bit more complicated.

“Around, come this way! Don’t mess with the group of monsters in front” commanded Li Yao quietly.

The three wargods were also cautious.

The elite fighter with weapons and the people carrying the boxes were also cautious.

…..

“They actually went all the way over there?” Luo Feng slightly frowned and then immediately got closer again.

His throwing knives are most powerful when they’re within 100 meters. Once they get farther than that, their power lowers dramatically! When they’re within 50 meters, not only are they powerful, but the amount of spiritual force required to control them isn’t large either. And now….. the two sides are over 100 meters apart.

Closer, closer…..

120 meters, 100 meters, 80 meters. When Luo Feng was 80 meters away from Li Yao’s group, he stopped.

As of now, the six throwing knives underground were less than 20 meters away from vulture Li Yao! The throwing knives needed some distance to accelerate.

“Time to start!” Luo Feng’s gaze turned cold.

…..

Advanced level wargod level vulture Li Yao and his subordinates, the intermediate level wargod level Bei Yuan Gang and the two beginner level wargods ‘James’ and ‘Isaacson’ all moved forward carefully.

Hu!

The wind blew and the weeds bowed in response.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Six throwing knives directly bursted out of the ground around five meters away from vulture Li Yao’s position like black flashes of lightning. Within a thousandth of a second, the first contact between the six lightning flashes and vulture Li Yao began!

“Li!”

“Li Yao!”

The other three wargods behind all reacted and were shocked.

In the bushes in the distance, Luo Feng stared at vulture Li Yao in the distance. He witnessed vulture Li Yao’s face flash with a black light the instant that the six throwing knives shot towards him. Four of the six throwing knives hit Li Yao’s face, but Li Yao’s face was completely black at the moment.

“How is this possible?” Luo Feng’s eyes widened.

In the distance……

On Li Yao’s face, four of the throwing knives stuck against his black skin, and two of the throwing knives weren’t able to pierce through his throat’s black skin!

Whoosh!

Li Yao leaped towards the sky; he directly leaped to a height of 50 to 60 meters. In mid air, only his eyes were showing from his black skin covered face. He looked down. From this height, he’s naturally able to see everything in the surroundings. With a glance, he discovered Luo Feng that wasn’t even 100 meters away from their group!

“I don’t believe it” Luo Feng and Li Yao’s eyes met, both of their gazes were ruthless.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The six throwing knives danced over once again, turning into six flashes of light. They instantly shot towards vulture Li Yao in midair. Yet, vulture Li Yao’s cold expression didn’t even change in the slightest. When the throwing knives shot towards him, he slightly twisted his body, causing three of the throwing knives to hit nothing but air while the other three throwing knives hit his body!

The black lights covered vulture Li Yao!

But not even Li Yao’s skin was pierced by the throwing knives!

“This is the Black God set?” wargod Bei Yuan Gang let out a face of admiration. Li Yao’s elite fighter squad also looked at the deity-like Li Yao with praise.

Luo Feng was also shocked…..

This Black God set was too powerful. It has been said that it can ignore all wargod level attacks.

“Luo Feng!”

Li Yao clenched his teeth, his eyes were going mad.

“Kill him!” Li Yao immediately descended rapidly.

When Li Yao looked towards Luo Feng’s direction, the other three wargods understood where the enemy was. So…… whoosh! whoosh! whoosh! The three figures surpassed the speed of sound and have surrounded Luo Feng literally within a blink of an eye! Bei Yuan Gang’s shield and curved battle blade could be seen.

As for the two white people, the mustached white man held a battle axe while the tall, skinny one held a shield and a thin blade.

“Hmph!” Luo Feng scoffed and his figure moved in a weird matter. With that, he already avoided the three wargods. After that, with a stomp on the floor, he leaped into mid air like lightning.

While in midair, Luo Feng sneered as he looked below!

The three wargods below, vulture Li Yao, and the other 50 elites couldn’t help but to raise their heads towards Luo Feng.

“Death, has come!” Luo Feng looked coldly below.

The four throwing knives beside him immediately charged down. The six throwing knives that were attacking Li Yao also split up immediately! Ten throwing knives in total. As of now, he can control six throwing knives at maximum power; any more and the power drops.

However…..

When dealing with these elite members who aren’t even wargods and three other wargods, he doesn’t even need to keep his throwing knives at maximum power! The most important thing is efficiency, so Luo Feng used ten throwing knives. When they saw ten throwing knives floating in the air, fear could be seen in the eyes of every single one of those elites. Even the faces of the wargods changed slightly.

Li Yao even roared ferociously and flew towards the sky.

“No!”

“Don’t!”

All of those elite fighters were scared and started running away.

“All of you die!” Luo Feng’s gaze was cold as he looked down.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Ten throwing knives!

Transformed into ten bloody lights of death! From different directions, they shot towards the densely packed group of people like a meat grinder.

“No!” a black brute yelled loudly as a bloody light shot out of his chest.

“Ah!” a white elite fighter’s head blew up.

Fresh blood instantly sprayed around, dyeing this ancient wasteland.


Chapter 143: Raging Anger

“Isaacson!” the moustached white brute yelled in fear.

Two deathly rays of light instantly shot towards the tall, skinny white wargod fighter. Luo Feng was controlling these 10 throwing knives. As for the three wargods, Luo Feng of course gave them some “special service”. Two throwing knives headed towards the white wargod named ‘Isaacson’, who deeply howled in response.

“CLANG!” The sword in his hand barely managed to block one throwing knife.

“PUCHI!” The other throwing knife scraped across his neck and he only lost a bit of flesh.

“I’m not dead” Isaacson let out a sigh of relief to himself.

“Careful!” the moustached brute yelled as he charged over.

“PUCHI!”

A third throwing knife came from behind and pierced Isaacson’s head. Red and white liquid went flying! The moustached white man on the side couldn’t help but to widen his eyes: “ISAACSON!”

One wargod, down!

“The power of each throwing knife decreases by quite a bit when I control 10 throwing knives at the same time. Dealing with a beginner level wargod takes so much effort” Luo Feng thought to himself. When he controls six throwing knives at the same time, he can maintain them at maximum power. Starting with the 7th throwing knife, their power starts to decrease. Every time he adds on a throwing knife, the overall power drops by quite a bit.

10 throwing knives made killing beginner wargods quite troublesome.

“CLANG!” “CLANG!” “CLANG!” the three throwing knives surrounding the yellow skinned man all failed! An intermediate level wargod is indeed much more powerful than a beginner level wargod.

“Idiot!*”

Bei Yuan Gang roared and got cocky after easily blocking three throwing knives.

…..

As Luo Feng was slaughtering the people below with his 10 throwing knives, vulture Li Yao left an after-image behind as he shot towards Luo Feng. Seeing this, Luo Feng sneered to himself: “He’s going to fight against a spirit reader in midair? Hmph, how stupid!”

With a thought, the shapeless spiritual force worked on the shield below his feet, causing Luo Feng to immediately dodge towards the left, easily evading vulture Li Yao!

This is the biggest advantage of spirit readers!

“Die!” vulture Li Yao’s face was cruel and his eyes were filled with ferocity. As Luo Feng dodged away, he roared as he swung the blade in his right hand!

Whoosh!

As he swung, vulture Li Yao’s arm instantly stretched to a length of around 10 meters. A human fighter with a 10 meter long black arm, such a peculiar sight! This 10 meter long arm that bursted out of nowhere was holding a blade and directly, fiercely slashed towards Luo Feng!

“This, what!” Luo Feng was unbelievably shocked. The blade is already in front of his face, there’s no time to dodge!

“Descend!” with a thought from Luo Feng, his spiritual force worked on the armguards on his arms, pushing him down and causing him to descend rapidly! Of course, no matter how quickly he descends, his speed would never compare to a blade of an advanced level wargod. The blade that surpassed the speed of sound by several times meant that Luo Feng could only use his ghost blade to defend!

RUMBLE~~

An unbelievable amount of power transferred through the blade. No matter how hard he tried to defend, he still felt his hand hurt despite the fact that he was already descending. After that, his entire right arm instantly became numb and he shot towards the ground like a cannonball.

BOOM!

As if an asteroid fell, a 7 to 8 meter wide crater formed on the surface of the wasteland. The 10 throwing knives that were slaughtering the crowd immediately flew towards the gigantic crater. Only until this happened did the crowd calm down, all of them turning their heads towards the crater. The yellow skinned man named Bei Yuan Gang yelled “Idiot!*” as he charged towards like lightning.

Li Yao, who was still in midair, also descended.

“What an odd blade” Luo Feng leaped out of the crater like lightning. His face was pale and some blood trickled out the side of his mouth.

“How could his arm suddenly become longer?” Luo Feng felt like his organs were displaced and felt horrible. Clearly, the impact from before was too great!

Keep in mind that…..

An average advanced level wargod’s fist strength can surpass 256,000 kg. Vulture Li Yao’s fist strength, as a veteran advanced level wargod, has already reached the 400,000 – 500,000 kg mark. With his force exertions, he can definitely surpass the 1 million kg mark!

Which is over 1,000 tons!

What horrifying power!

Thankfully, the attack just now was from the stretched black god set. Since the arm was stretched to around 10 meters, there was only half of the original power left in the attack! However, even though only half of the power was left, Luo Feng’s organs rumbled in response and he spit out of mouthful of fresh blood.

“Idiot!*” Bei Yuan Gang charged forward.

“This spirit reader is only a beginner level wargod, hm….. not bad for a 19 year old youth to reach the beginner wargod level. Unfortunately, he will fall to the hands of Bei Yuan Gang today!” Bei Yuan Gang easily blocked three throwing knives just now, which made him extremely confident. Also, the small group of Japanese left on earth today held envy towards China.

Throughout history, Japan has always been fighting with China. However, the Grand Nirvana period delivered Japan a destructive blow. China is huge, so they weren’t affected as much. Also, many powerful fighters popped out of China, like the world’s strongest fighter ‘Hong’. Even though Hong’s position is special, one thing that cannot be denied is……

Hong, definitely favors China in his heart.

So right now, China’s position on earth is extremely high! Before the Grand Nirvana period, Japan, which was virtually equal to China, is now barely surviving. The Japanese are spread out around the world through several headquarter cities. They don’t even have their own form of government anymore.

How could they not be jealous of China?

How could they not hate China?

To be able to kill a genius of China with his own hands, Bei Yuan Gang could feel his blood boiling.

“Die!” Bei Yuan Gang’s eyes were like lightning, his aura emanating to the sky.

“Japanese?”

Luo Feng looked at Bei Yuan Gang in front of him and frowned. Even though it was 2057, as an excellent student that graduated high school, Luo Feng was clear about the history before the Grand Nirvana period….. when faced with the intermediate wargod Bei Yuan Gang who appeared in front of him in an instant, Luo Feng simply sneered: “Idiot!”

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Six throwing knives!

The number of throwing knives that Luo Feng can keep at maximum power.

“Not right!” Bei Yuan Gang’s eyes widened and he yelled to himself, “The speed of these throwing knives isn’t right. How come they’re much faster than before!”

Bei Yuan Gang, who was extremely confident because he easily blocked three throwing knives before, was now trying to wave the shield in his hand as fast as possible. But the six throwing knives were too fast….. Keep in mind that Luo Feng can defeat most advanced level wargods! Even vulture Li Yao, if he didn’t have his black god set, would be at a disadvantage.

Against an advanced level wargod**?

PUCHI!

The first throwing knife directly pierced Bei Yuan Gang’s mouth, causing his head to burst. The five other throwing knives didn’t do a thing.

Intermediate level wargod ‘Bei Yuan Gang’, down!

Vulture Li Yao, who just reached the ground, witnessed Luo Feng kill Bei Yuan Gang and became even more enraged. He ferociously stomped on the ground, ripping apart the air in front of him, and reached mach 2. With just a movement of his body, he was already right in front of Luo Feng!

“Retreat, retreat!”

Luo Feng’s face changed and the power in his body exploded: explosion of 3.5x! His speed was over 400 m/s!

Powerful spiritual force, support! Accelerate!

His speed was over 500 m/s!

Even though Luo Feng’s spiritual force was approaching the ‘advanced level wargod level’ and the resulting acceleration was great, the greater your speed becomes, the harder it is for it to raise. Air resistance multiplies exponentially when your speed increases, so even though Luo Feng’s spiritual force should have made him 2 to 3 times faster, his speed only increased by not even a third.

When compared to Li Yao’s speed of mach 2, the difference was huge.

“Die!” both blades in Li Yao’s hands came slashing crazily.

“Can’t dodge this anymore”

Luo Feng clenched his teeth.

His spiritual force wrapped around one of the approaching blades, but right when it touched the blade, Luo Feng felt as if his spiritual force was up against a gigantic mountain, which instantly crumbled against it! The amount of power in this one blade was just too great. And vulture Li Yao’s face slightly changed, since he clearly felt that his attack was affected.

“Rumble~~”

The blade slashed against Luo Feng’s hexagonal shield.

As if struck by lightning, the horrifying impact caused the hexagonal shield to smack against Luo Feng’s body, throwing Luo Feng into the air.

“CRACK!”

The left arm that was holding the hexagonal shield twisted. “Fractured? Hope it’s not broken” Luo Feng felt the piercing pain in his left arm and immediately used the force that threw him into the air to soar into the sky.

“Luo Feng!” vulture Li Yao roared.

RUMBLE!

He soared into the air, instantly approached Luo Feng, and ferociously slashed with his arm!

Whoosh!

His arm instantly became longer and that 10 meter long black arm flew towards Luo Feng, as if it was going to trap him!

“Hmph!” Luo Feng’s body created a curve in the air and immediately charged towards the sky. He flew up 100 meters and then swiftly flew towards Ape Mountain Range in the distance, thus disappearing from vulture Li Yao’s field of vision.

…..

In the wastelands, vulture Li Yao’s underlings were panicking. They didn’t think that a 19 year old Chinese youth would be so horrifying. In just a short moment, they lost one intermediate level wargod, one beginner level wargod, and 18 elites. 16 elites were heavily wounded.

“Bastard!” vulture Li Yao looked at the corpses on the wasteland. His face looked horrifying and it seemed as if there were two raging balls of fire in his eyes.

“Li Yao, how is this Luo Feng so powerful, it’s not like what you told us at all!” the white moustached brute, James, carried his brother’s corpse as he roared.

“SHUT UP!”

Li Yao glared at James with anger, his killing intent soaring.

James’ heart skipped a beat….. if this Li Yao killed him here in the wasteland and blamed Luo Feng for it, nobody would know at all. When he thought of this, James didn’t dare to show Li Yao his anger anymore.

“Bei Yuan Gang!” as Li Yao walked towards that Japanese person’s corpse, his face became more and more horrifying. He couldn’t help but to kick at the corpse in anger. With a ‘peng’, Bei Yuan Gang’s corpse blew up, his blood spraying everywhere. This scene caused everyone’s hearts to go cold, and James even cursed: “This vulture is as cruel as they say. Why did I agree to come and earn some of his money back then!”

Silence.

Everyone was shocked by vulture Li Yao’s cruelty. After destroying Bei Yuan Gang’s corpse, Li Yao cursed, “Piece of trash!!!”

Anger!

A stomach full of anger!

Vulture Li Yao looked at his surroundings and became even more angry. He didn’t think that his arrival would give Luo Feng a huge present! He lost so many men.

“LUO FENG!!!” vulture Li Yao clenched his teeth and seethed out these two words.


*He says “idiot” in japanese every time (lol)

**Original text says “Advanced level wargod”, but I think it should say “intermediate level wargod”


Chapter 144: Laser Cannon, Aim

Vulture Li Yao, whose armor only exposed his eyes, nose, and mouth, stood on the wastelands like a demon. Everyone was stunned by his cruelty.

The scent of blood emanated.

“Who would’ve known that this Luo Feng became this powerful. If it weren’t for the Black God set, even I might not be able beat him” vulture Li Yao squinted, his gaze was cold, “He took two attacks from me and yet he’s still alive. Now that he knows the power of the Black God set, he probably won’t allow me to get near him next time”

Vulture Li Yao was anxious.

“There’s only one way left!”

“Chase him and then force him into the air. When he’s in the air…… he’ll be an open target for the laser cannon!” vulture Li Yao sneered.

“Oh shit, the laser cannon!”

Vulture Li Yao’s face changed. He saw Luo Feng’s throwing knives go crazy in the crowd, which caused a lot of people to die. At the pinnacle of human technology, vulture Li Yao would have no way to operate it unless there are professionals here to assemble the parts.

“Klein!” Li Yao quickly turned his head.

A white man with a large moustache came running over as he respectfully said: “Mr. Li”

“How are the casualties on the squad you brought along?” followed Li Yao.

Klein’s face turned pale as he respectfully answered: “We brought nine people: two people died and two are injured”

“Can the laser cannon still be assembled and operated?” continued Li Yao.

“Hm…..”

Klein slightly frowned.

Li Yao’s heart couldn’t help but to skip a beat. This large scale laser cannon could easily eliminate horde leader level monsters and could even harm emperor level monsters! It’s the most powerful weapon that mankind possesses! Naturally, its operations are very sophisticated. There are specialized personnel in charge of operating and maintaining certain parts. If someone crucial is missing, then the laser cannon cannot be operated.

“About assembling… it’s just that…..” Klein was a bit hesitant.

“I’m asking you, if you can assemble it?” said Li Yao in a low voice.

Klein saw Li Yao’s cold expression and couldn’t help but to get nervous. He clenched his teeth as he said: “If the seven of us work together, we can”

“Good” Li Yao nodded, “Assemble immediately”

“Right here?” Klein was flabbergasted.

“Yes, right here!” sneered Li Yao, “I don’t have time to move these into the mountains. I believe that Luo Feng isn’t satisfied, and that he’ll secretly climb up the mountain and look towards us. Once he reveals his head, the assembled laser cannon can fire at him and kill him!”

Li Yao was clear…..

Since Luo Feng already discovered their tracks, he might catch them assembling the laser cannon in the mountain. With Luo Feng’s tricks, he might not be able to defeat Li Yao himself, but he definitely can destroy a laser cannon with the peculiar powers of a spirit reader.

Klein nodded: “Yes!”

Klein headed towards his squad members. Li Yao also went to watch the specialized personnel open up the crates. At the same time, he commanded: “Everyone else, watch the surroundings closely. Monsters are absolutely not allowed to disturb us”

“Yes!” a few dozen people heeded command at the same time.

Suddenly, a commotion started in the squad of specialized personnel, which caused Li Yao to look over with question.

“Mr. Li, Mr. Li” Klein came rushing over with anxiety.

“What’s wrong?” asked Li Yao.

“Mr. Li, just now….. just now…..” Klein’s face was pale and his body was shaking.

“Speak!” Li Yao glared.

Klein said with a wavering voice: “The spirit reader’s attack just now caused quite a few people to run in panic. In their panic to avoid the throwing knives, they bumped into the crates. And one of the crates…… was pierced by the flying throwing knife”

“What” Li Yao’s face changed dramatically.

Bumping over a crate isn’t a problem, since the crate itself has some protection for the parts.

However, the part inside the crate is definitely ruined if a throwing knife pierced through the crate.

“Hurry, open the crate now” Li Yao rushed over.

Klein hastily rushed over too. At this time, all the other squad members had bad looks on their faces as they stood beside the crate. Li Yao saw clearly too: this crate had an obvious hole that went through the entire crate. A few pieces of glass that could be seen to the human eye were laying around. Clearly, the part in this crate is destroyed!

“BASTARD, BASTARD!!!” Li Yao’s eyes turned red.

He ran into such a huge problem right when he came out.

However, Li Yao didn’t know that…..

Luo Feng was only concerned with killing people and didn’t pay any attention to the crates. However, three throwing knives were deflected by the intermediate wargod “Bei Yuan Gang”. With the amazing speed of the throwing knives, they’ll naturally remain powerful even after being deflected. And one of those deflected throwing knives pierced this crate.

“Mr. Li, this, if this part isn’t a core component, then there won’t be a big problem” said Klein.

“Open it” howled Li Yao as he glared at these people.

These specialized personnel also knew…..

With the temper of their boss in front of them, if this laser cannon isn’t able to be assembled, there would only be one result left for these useless people — they’ll be killed by this boss!

These specialized personnel started opening the crate.

“HUALA!” the crate opened.

Klein stared: “Energy?”

“Energy?” the specialized personnel on the side stared too.

“What?” Li Yao stared at Klein. Klein carefully looked at the crates and excitedly said to Li Yao beside him, “Mr. Li, we are in great luck. The crate that was destroyed held the energy to the laser cannon. Even though two energy components were damaged, we still have one more left. In other words, with one energy component, we can fire the laser cannon at maximum power once. At a lower setting, it can fire three times”

Li Yao let out a sigh of relief to himself.

Good thing it’s just energy. Even three times for a lower setting is good enough. These three attacks can easily wipe out the the most powerful wargods and horde leader level monsters.

“Begin assembling” commanded Li Yao.

“Yes” all the specialized personnel realized they dodged a bullet and immediately started to swiftly assemble.

…..

Ape Mountain Range, Luo Feng’s base.

In the dark cave, Luo Feng sat on the ground with his back against the cave wall, his face was pale.

“Phew, it’s not broken” Luo Feng softly rubbed his left elbow as he recalled the scene that previously unfolded. Luo Feng was still a bit shocked, “This vulture Li Yao is already an experienced advanced level wargod fighter. His strength probably ranges from 400,000 to 500,000 kg. With a 3x to 4x multiplier, his blade’s power was definitely over 1 million kg!”

Even after his spiritual force’s obstruction and his shield’s defense, vulture Li Yao’s slash still caused a crack*!

And in mid air, vulture Li Yao’s slash via his lengthened arm also managed to make Luo Feng spit out blood and cause his right hand to split open a bit. Since this blade was slashed through the Black God set, it only had half of its original power.

These two slashes…..

Vulture Li Yao, wasn’t able to attack with all his power.

But even so, Luo Feng had no way to fight back!

“He’s faster than me”

“He’s stronger than me”

“His defense is way greater than mine too”

“My advantage lies in the unpredictability of my attacks, and that it’s easier for me to escape” Luo Feng frowned, “That Black God set is too special. It can extend based on the user’s will. Not only can it cover the wearer’s entire body, it can also extend to a length of around 10 meters. This means that he can easily attack me even when I’m in midair.

When he was escaping at the very end, Li Yao actually tried to tie him up with his extending arm!

Once he’s tied up, he’s probably finished.

“Next time I battle against this Li Yao, I have to stay at least 20 meters away from him” decided Luo Feng to himself.

……

While Luo Feng was resting in his base, Li Yao demonstrated his unbeatable power on the wastelands, scaring the leader of a horde, a ‘horde leader level monster’, away. After that, no monster hordes dared to harass these humans again.

“Mr. Li, assembling complete!” said Klein with excitement.

“Oh?”

Li Yao went over.

In front of him was an apparatus that looked like a ‘satellite’. This apparatus was around 10 meters long. In the middle was a cylinder-shaped device that looked like a turbine. On the two sides of this huge cylinder were two smaller cylinders.

“Has Luo Feng’s position been tracked?” asked Li Yao.

“Yes”

Li Yao pointed to the radar display, “This Luo Feng is within 5 km of us, so our radar can barely manage to locate him. However, these types of radar are usually used to search for large beings. The human body is too small, so once the distance increases….. it’ll be hard to lock-on again. If that happens, we can only do a laser lock-on”

“Laser lock-on?” frowned Li Yao.

“Yes”

Klein nodded, “The advantages of a laser lock-on is that it is extremely accurate and can lock-on to targets far away. However, the disadvantage is…… there can be absolutely nothing in between the laser cannon and the target. For example, there is a huge mountain obstructing the target right now, so there is no way to use a laser lock-on”

“Of course, we are close right now, so there is no need for that. The radar can lock-on to the target with no problem” said Klein with confidence.

“Can you kill him now?” asked Li Yao.

“No” Klein shook his head, “The target is deep inside the mountain range inside one of the mountains. There is over 300 meters of rock blocking the target from our current position! If the laser cannon was to shoot through such thick rock, all of its power would be used up”

300 meters of rock…..

Even the most powerful of wargods can’t reach a depth of 300 meters when punching a huge mountain once.

“However, as long as he shows himself from the mountain range”

“Or, as long as the thickness of obstructing rock is within 10 meters, it can shoot through and kill him” Klein said confidently.

“Very good” Li Yao’s eyes glowed, “Keep Luo Feng targeted. For sure….. with this kid’s sneakiness, he’ll definitely sneak a look through his binoculars! Once the target is able to be shot down, kill him directly!”

“Yes” Klein responded loudly.

Li Yao looked at the faraway Ape Mountain Range and let out a cruel smile on his face: “To be able to die to the laser cannon, you should be proud of yourself”


*after googling ( articlekey=84347), I realized that fracture, breaks, and cracks on a bone mean the same thing. Just in case some john hopkins graduate is reading this or something, I hereby apologize for not having a better word to translate the original text to (but seriously, original text says fracture and break, so nothing I can do).


Chapter 145: Escape Plan

Li Yao and the others waited very patiently, as if they were snipers lying in wait, ready to use the laser cannon for a one shot kill at any time.

…..

Ape Mountain Range, Luo Feng’s base.

In the dark cave, Luo Feng was in his Wu Xin Xiang Tian position as he absorbed the cosmic energies into his body and transformed it into genetic energy. Luo Feng intentionally guided the genetic energy to his left elbow. A numbing feeling spread about and, in a moment, Luo Feng stopped only when the injured part of his body couldn’t absorb any more genetic energy.

“The dragon blood sure is effective”

“Even though my body fitness level raised by a lot, a lot of the dragon blood’s energies are still hidden in my body. I just trained for a bit and a lot of the energy merged into my body. My elbow is much more comfortable now. In two or three days, it’ll be perfectly fine” Luo Feng moved his elbow a bit and couldn’t help but to let out a smile.

An increase in a fighter’s strength is an evolution to their life.

After reaching the beginner wargod level, Luo Feng’s immunity system and recovery rate became much more powerful than before. “Alright, let’s see where Li Yao and his group are and what they’re doing!” Luo Feng put on his backpack and swiftly dashed out of the cave.

…..

On the wastelands.

“Moved, Luo Feng moved” yelled Klein with excitement.

Li Yao’s eyes flashed on the side, but he continued to watch the radar in silence.

…..

In the mountain range.

Luo Feng was in the mountain range, his eyes were cold: “Hm, if I have a chance, I’ll cruelly punish them again. I killed quite a few people just then. Oh yea, they seemed to have brought a bunch of crates with them. They came all the way from Europe to kill me and even brought so many crates with them. Those crates must be something valuable, so I’ll destroy them too”

“WAIT!”

Luo Feng suddenly stopped as he stooped on the mountain, his face changing dramatically.

“Crates?”

“Crates? They came here from tens of thousands of km away and brought a bunch of crates with them? And they treated those crates with extreme care?” as Luo Feng thought to himself, all the hairs on his body stood up, “If, if I was Li Yao, and I wanted to kill a spirit reader….. what would I do to raise my chances?”

“As long as spirit readers can fly, Li Yao wouldn’t be able to kill them no matter how powerful he is”

“Only two weapons can threaten a wargod level spirit reader…… Nuclear bombs and laser cannons” Luo Feng’s face changed dramatically, “This, this Li Yao actually, actually brought a laser cannon here?”

Luo Feng was only a 19 year old youth.

Even though China’s education broadened one’s horizons, Luo Feng subconsciously thought…… that the ‘laser cannon’ and ‘nuclear bomb’ were the two ultimate heated weapons of humanity, their last resort against monsters. How could he have thought that Li Yao would use a laser cannon against himself?

However–

When Luo Feng thought about how to deal with a spirit reader from Li Yao’s point of view, he deduced– it could only be a laser cannon. With all the crates he saw, this is an accurate guess!

“According to what I learned in physics class, laser cannons are restricted in many ways. Usually, laser cannons can only attack freely when they’re on an aircraft”

“And when they’re on the ground, the spheroid shape of the earth causes the surface to be curved too”

Various information about the laser cannon quickly appeared in Luo Feng’s mind. Keep in mind that when Luo Feng was still in school, his strongest subject was science…… If he didn’t faint in the middle of his math exam during his high school exams, Luo Feng’s test scores would probably be high enough for him to get into the best school. Adding to that, countless men are curious about the laser cannon, so many of them know a lot about it.

“Now…..”

“I definitely can’t show my head!”

“Thankfully, this large mountain is blocking, so they can’t do anything for now. But once I show my head, they’ll probably kill me instantly!” a cold sweat appeared on Luo Feng’s forehead.

Fear!

The laser cannon was too powerful. First, the speed. The laser cannon attacks at the speed of light! Under the speed of light, Luo Feng would probably be blasted to smithereens before he can even attempt to conjure up the thought of dodging. Next, is power. After the laser cannon’s power rose to the extreme through research, humanity has been able to fight equally against monsters.

“This Li Yao, sure is insane”

“He brought so many crates. What could it be, if not a laser cannon? Other machines are useless against spirit readers and in wargod level battles”

“Escape!”

“The thing I need to do now is to run away as far as I can. Laser cannons are restricted by distance, so once the distance becomes too great, they won’t be able to locate me” Luo Feng didn’t want to reveal himself to check them anymore. It’s not a check….. it’s a risk! Who knows whether or not Li Yao has the laser cannon aimed at him right now?

Once he reveals himself, he’ll be killed!

“Where should I go?” Luo Feng immediately looked at the tactical communications watch on his wrist and brought up a satellite mapping of his surroundings.

Through the mapping, Luo Feng clearly understood the geography of his surroundings.

“Li Yao and his group are north of the mountain range, so I should run towards the south as fast as possible! Since a huge mountain is in between us, they won’t be able to attack me for a moment’s time”

“This….. around 3 km away from the mountain range is a river!”

“Water can refract light, and when the attack of a laser cannon blasts on a river, it’ll evaporate lots of water and become refracted. This will use up a huge amount of its energy….. once I’m deep into the river, I’ll be safe” Luo Feng was clear, that the laser cannon was most afraid of weather conditions like rain and mist. And he was going to be under a river.

Against a laser cannon, water would do a much better job of blocking than rock and steel.

“Along this river…. 260 km, a huge lake can be reached”

“This lake, according to the satellite mapping, has an area of around 100 km squared” said Luo Feng to himself with happiness. The continent of Australia always had many large lakes. Especially because of the sea type monsters invasion into the continent, many large lakes were formed. These large lakes are usually the home of various sea type monsters.

“In the middle of this lake is an island that’s around 20 to 30 km squared”

“Yup, I’ll go along the river and enter the lake. Then I’ll go through the lake and reach the island!” thought Luo Feng to himself, “a distance of 200 km, there’s no way the laser cannon can hit me when I’m that far, unless I fly up to an extremely high altitude. And the lake surrounding the island poses no threat to me. But Li Yao can’t fly, so he can only swim through the water……”

After thinking about that, he proceeded to–

Run!

Luo Feng swiftly jumped down and went along the valley below as he quickly headed south.

…..

Wasteland, Li Yao’s group.

“How come he’s not moving?” elite members of all skin colors were all surprised. Even Li Yao frowned. Before, they were extremely excited when they saw the little bright dot rush up the mountain in the radar’s display. After all, every single person here probably wants to kill Luo Feng!

If they kill Luo Feng, they will have money to earn, and they will be able to avenge the dead.

“He turned back!” exclaimed Klein.

“He’s not turning back, he’s escaping towards the south” wargod James’ face changed as he followed.

Indeed, the bright dot on the radar display was swiftly headed south.

Li Yao stayed silent.

Slowly…..

“Mr. Li, the target has already escape the mountainous region and is continuously headed south!” said Klein hurriedly.

“This sly kid” Li Yao squinted.

Li Yao started to suspect….. that Luo Feng guessed that he brought out a laser cannon. Even though the usual person can’t make such a guess, but with Li Yao’s understanding of Luo Feng….. the youth named Luo Feng is extremely cautious and sly. It seems like killing this Luo Feng will be no easy task.

“James” said Li Yao in a low tone.

“Li” James looked at Li Yao, his face changing slightly.

Could it be…..

That this Li Yao wants him to go deal with Luo Feng? That horrifying kid instantly killed his partner and Bei Yuan Gang, which caused James to lose all will to fight and oppose him.

“Bring my men and carefully transport this laser cannon to a mountain in the mountain range over there. Pick a location that can aim towards the south!” commanded Li Yao, “Remember, be careful. Do not let the laser cannon get damaged no matter what”

James couldn’t help but to let out a sigh of relief.

“No worries, this distance is basically nothing. And we also have so many people here” said James confidently. Moving a laser cannon across a distance of hundreds of km is a difficult task, but the distance they’re moving it across is only a few km. For a wargod and many warlord level fighters, this task is nothing difficult.

“Good” Li Yao looked towards Klein, “Klein, remember, once you get the chance, kill Luo Feng. As for the safety here….. James will be responsible for it”

“No worries” nodded James.

“Klein, you contact me about Luo Feng’s position” commanded Li Yao.

“Yes” responded Klein.

With a movement of Li Yao’s body, he transformed into a blurry, black image as he disappeared into the distance. With his horrifying mach 2 speed, it only took him a few seconds to reach the Ape Mountain Range that was a few km away.

…..

Luo Feng wasn’t as fast as Li Yao, but once he goes all out with his spiritual force’s support, his speed was over 500 m/s. After charging out of the mountain range, Luo feng entered the large river that was around 10 meters wide.

Since it’s only 10 meters wide, the monsters in the river aren’t powerful.

The truly powerful water type monsters live in large lakes or in the sea.

“Whoosh!”

Luo Feng lay on his hexagonal shield in the water as he controlled the buoyancy. At the same time, his spiritual force worked on his battle boots, producing a powerful propulsion force of over 200,000 kg!

Whoosh!

Luo Feng swiftly zipped through the river faster than a torpedo

…..

Li Yao, who just charged out of Ape Mountain Range, howled towards his tactical communications watch: “Where is Luo Feng?”

“Mr. Li, there is a river 3 km ahead of you. Luo Feng is swiftly headed towards the south along that river!” while that sound still rang, Li Yao used his astonishing speed to rush towards the river. Sonic booms could be heard everywhere he ran by, scaring away quite a few monsters as a result.

He charged towards the river and swiftly sprinted towards the south along the river bank.

In just a moment, Li Yao and Luo Feng have both advanced dozens of km.

“Where is Luo Feng?” asked Li Yao again.

“Mr. Li, the target is too far. The radar can’t even detect Luo Feng” Klein’s voice carried from the tactical communications watch.

Li Yao couldn’t help but to stop.

“What? Can’t be detected anymore?”

Li Yao looked at the sparkling, flowing river in front of him. How should he know where Luo Feng is. As he clenched his teeth, he dialed his wife Venina’s number, “Venina, quick, give Luo Feng’s new phone number to me”

And around 8 km away from Li Yao under the river…..

Luo Feng, like a torpedo, swiftly moved forward in the river.


Chapter 146: Unforeseen Event

“What do you want his phone number for?” Venina’s voice carried from the tactical communications watch.

“Hurry, don’t waste time” urged Li Yao.

Venina’s voice had a bit of anger tied within: “Yao, you better not mess around. If you want to confirm Luo Feng’s position, you should do it through me. Even if you can confirm his location by dialing Luo Feng’s number, Luo Feng will be able to discover your location too!”

“And if you call him, it’ll raise his suspicions” Venina was unamused, “I’ll figure out a way to get his location to you”

Li Yao frowned, he knew his wife was right.

“Alright, hurry” urged Li Yao.

…..

Paris headquarter city, a large room.

Three laptops were opened at the same time, and two men and one woman were each sitting in front of them. Venina stood on the side as she commanded: “Use Luo Feng’s home number to call Luo Feng”

“Yes”

Through their software, it was easy for them to make Luo Feng’s tactical communications watch display the number they want it to. “Madam, coordinates confirmed” said the black woman.

“Send it to the mister” commanded Venina.

…..

Li Yao, who was standing on the riverbank, couldn’t help but to sneer as he looked at the coordinates he just received: “So he was only a few dozen km away from me”

For wargods, a few dozen km is nothing.

Fighters like wargods, especially powerful ones whose bodies are who knows how many more times tougher than diamond, have fist strengths of hundreds of thousands of kg. Not even bullets fired from a sniper rifle can pierce their skin. Advanced organisms like them….. are definitely human weapons who pose a greater threat than an entire army.

Whoosh!

Like lightning, he chased towards Luo Feng’s position.

While he was chasing, Luo Feng was also advancing under water.

With Luo Feng’s beginner wargod fitness level, he could hold his breath underwater for nearly half an hour. Even normal people can hold their breath underwater for a few minutes, so it is normal for Luo Feng to be able to handle half an hour.

“Hm?”

“My tactical communications watch vibrated?” Luo Feng glanced at his tactical communications watch with confusion. This is a tactical communications watch that came with his 9th series battle uniform, waterproof is but a tiny function, “the display shows that this call is from home?”

“That’s not right, I didn’t even give my family my new phone number?”

Luo Feng was confused.

Luo Feng was using this new phone number as bait to catch the Vulture Scorpion couple, so he didn’t tell his family members. He communicates with his family via the cell phone he bought!

“My parents are normal people. If they wanted to contact me, they could just call my cell phone. How could they go through so many steps to get my number from the elite training camp and then call me?” Luo Feng was clear, that it wasn’t hard for someone else to get a certain phone number to show on a tactical communications watch’s display.

“Trying to find me through my phone number?”

“Sorry”

Luo Feng grinned and pressed the off button. He held it down–

Beep!

The tactical communications watch directly turned off.

To prevent others from calling his number to find out his location, there are two ways– 1. Throw away the tactical communications watch and separate it from the user. They can find the tactical communication watch’s position, but not the owner’s. 2. Take out the battery or turn it off.

Power it off! Once it’s off, the tactical communications watch is just a piece of metal.

…..

On the riverbank.

“Coordinates?”

“I’m asking you, where are the coordinates?” Li Yao couldn’t help but to roar, his face was fierce.

The tactical communications watch’s display showed Venina as she shook her head, “Yao, that Luo Feng already turned off his tactical communications watch”

“What do you mean?” Li Yao’s eyes seemed like they were about to shoot out flames.

“Can’t locate Luo Feng anymore” Venina shook her head.

Li Yao clenched his fists in anger, can’t locate? He hurriedly crossed tens of thousands of km from Europe with a group of people and, right when he arrived, his men were killed by Luo Feng. And now, Luo Feng turned off his tactical communications watch. Now that he can’t locate Luo Feng, he can’t even locate him, and don’t even mention killing him!

All for nothing!

ALL FOR NOTHING!

“BASTARD, BASTARD” Li Yao was so mad that the veins on his forehead were bursting.

When Li Yao lost track of Luo Feng, it was already night time. The sky was dark, and a triangular fighter jet was flying in the skies of Australia at an alarming speed.

In the fighter jet was one pilot and two passengers.

“That Li Yao sure is cruel. He got a laser cannon out just to deal with Luo Feng” out of the two passengers, a tall, large brute laughed loudly. Beside him was a skinny Indian with slightly curly hair, who said in his accented Chinese: “He’s completely crazy, so he doesn’t care about the method”

“Hehe, Puka, you can speak Chinese?” complimented the large brute.

The Indian slightly smiled and said nothing.

“Hehe, laser cannon. Truthfully, even though I have reached this level already, I haven’t actually seen a laser cannon after all these years” the brute couldn’t help but to sigh, “I guess the Paulinus family aren’t arms dealers for show. Through their control over weapons, they even got a laser cannon”

“Hmph”

The Indian said with a hmph, “They privately sell out quite a few nuclear bombs and laser cannons”

Suddenly, the fighter jet’s speed decelerated rapidly.

“We’re here” the large brute stood up, “Puka, get ready to get off”

“Ok” the Indian nodded slightly.

…..

On a mountain in Ape Mountain Range, James and the elites from the Paulinus family were currently resting. At this time, a black, triangular fighter jet appeared in the sky.

When he saw this fighter jet, James’ face changed.

“It’s the Dojo of Limits’ fighter jet” exclaimed James.

“Dojo of Limits” quite a few other elite fighters recognized it.

As of now, fighter jets were usually disc shaped. Triangular shaped fighter jets were usually less effective than disc shaped ones. However….. only the triangular fighter jets manufactured by the Dojo of Limits possess an extremely high level of attack power. They were the best fighter jets on earth.

The American government, European government, etc. all wanted the Dojo of Limits to make their fighter jet manufacturing techniques public.

Sadly, Hong ignored them.

So, these types of fighter jets have basically become a symbol of the Dojo of Limits.

“Isn’t that James?”

The hatch opened and two figures jumped down from midair, landing on the mountain.

“Puka? Tie Zong?” James was astonished. Wargods all join the Palace of Wargods, so James, a wargod, recognized these two famous people.

“James, who are they?” the other elite fighters were in a panic.

It seems like these two people weren’t regular people.

“The world alliance bans people from using the laser cannons against other people” the large brute scanned the crowd. The crowd of elite fighters felt like a laser hit their eyes and were in extreme pain, “Following the command of the head, we’ll be taking away this laser cannon!”

“What” Klein’s eyes widened as he yelled, “This is our Paulinus family’s…..”

“Bullshit”

The large brute’s eyes were like lightning as he roared, “Ask James”.

Klein turned towards the only wargod on their side, James. James also scolded: “Hurry up and follow their command. Do you know who these two people are? They are wargods of the Dojo of Limits. Directly tell Li Yao the names Puka and Tie Zong and Li Yao will definitely stay silent”

Klein froze.

“Hurry, disassemble the laser cannon and put them in the crates” commanded the large brute.

“Us?” Klein froze.

Not only have they come to take away their laser cannon, but they also want them to disassemble it.

“If not you then who?” scolded the large brute with dissatisfaction.

Even James was helping the opponents, so Klein and his group had no choice but to follow their demands….. at the same time, they swiftly contacted Li Yao about this.

…..

Li Yao, whose stomach was filled with anger because he couldn’t find Luo Feng, received Klein’s call.

“Sir, the laser cannon was taken away!!!”

“By two people named Puka and Tie Zong!”

After hearing the first phrase, Li Yao was about to start cursing, but after hearing the second phrase, the curses that were half way out of his throat were forcefully swallowed back into himself. However, his face was purple from anger: “Puka and Tie Zong? The special forces of the Dojo of Limits? And led by squadron captain Puka?”

As a veteran advanced level wargod, Li Yao really didn’t care about Tie Zong’s strength.

However, Puka…..

The genius fighter of India who graduated within the top three of the elite training camp.

As a genius who also possesses the Black God set, he has extraordinary skill and power and is even one of Hong’s students. Li Yao has even fought with Puka twice in the virtual space, and he lost both times!

“As expected, Luo Feng, a 19 year old who can already compare to an advanced level wargod with his spiritual force, is valued highly by the Dojo of Limits….. Of course, the Dojo of Limits probably kept track of everything Luo Feng was doing via satellite” Li Yao squinted.

“He found out that I brought a laser cannon and was preparing to kill Luo Feng with it, which wouldn’t help Luo Feng train at all. In response, they directly dispatched their special forces to take it away!”

“Damn”

“Using me as a tool to sharpen Luo Feng?”

Li Yao stood there motionless, but his eyes were horrifying. As if a vulture who has starved for 10 days already, he was pushed to the border of insanity!

“My son, died! My only son died! And they want to use me as a tool? Haha…… Hong, Hong, just watch, I’ll make you regret this decision!” said Vulture Li Yao lowly. After that, he headed towards the river…… He, Li Yao!

Will not give up his mission to kill Luo Feng!

…..

After turning off his tactical communications watch, Luo Feng casually advanced in the river. Occasionally, he would pop his head above the surface to breath a bit, and then continue advancing in the water.

He wasn’t in a rush.

Luo Feng arrived at his destination at night time, a lake that had an area of around 100 km squared.

The lake was grand, and a weird sound occasionally carried out from the water. Right now, Luo Feng had his feet on his shield as he hovered above the surface of the lake. He watched the center of the lake with a face of surprisement: “How could this be? This lake…..”. The lake in front of him was completely covered with an unending mist.

The closer to the center, the thicker the mist!

Even with the vision of a wargod, one could barely see past 100 meters. The weird part is….. the mist at the border of the lake was thin, and there was no mist at all on the surrounding land.

“What place is this?” Luo Feng felt invisible pressure.


Chapter 147: Invitation

This lake was already quite strange, and the night just made it even more mysterious.

Luo Feng subconsciously felt pressure.

“Hm, it’s night right now and the mist obstructs my vision. I’ll check properly in the morning tomorrow” Luo Feng was calm. He would rather wait until day than go in blindly right now.

Tonight, Luo Feng went around the lake.

Since the lake was 100 km squared, a lot of time was needed to go around. However, with Luo Feng’s speed, not even 1 hour was needed to walk most of the distance while observing the lake at the same time. As he walked, Luo Feng didn’t discover anything special. After that, Luo Feng sat cross legged and closed his eyes.

The night passed quickly.

Dawn of the second day, the sun was rising.

Luo Feng sat on the grass as he looked towards the lake. The lake in front of him was still covered in a layer of mist, which got thicker towards the center. And, on the land surrounding the lake, there wasn’t any mist at all.

“Like I thought, the mist is there whether or not it’s day or night”

“Visibility in the day is way better than at night”

Even with Luo Feng’s wargod level vision, Luo Feng could barely see past 100 meters last night. It would be amazing for a regular person to see past five meters. Now that the sun has risen, Luo Feng could see past around 200 meters….. Truthfully, for wargod level fighters, a distance of 200 meters just needs a simple wave from their body to cover.

“I’ll go in and see” Luo Feng jumped onto the hexagonal shield floating beside him.

With his feet on the shield, he swiftly flew deep towards the center of the lake.

The mist emanated; aquatic plants were abundant on this wide lake. At times, weird noises could be heard, and surface of the water would ripple as a result. The human eye couldn’t see below the surface of the lake.

“Just what you’d expect from a lake that was 100 km squared, there are definitely a lot of water type monsters here” thought Luo Feng to himself. Rivers of the width he was moving forward in before definitely couldn’t be home to any powerful water type monsters, so Luo Feng had an easy ride underwater.

But for large lakes like these……

Hard to say.

And water type monsters are known for being difficult to deal with, because the sea is their heaven. The vast sea gives birth to many odd, yet powerful monsters. So even wargods aren’t willing to go to sea, and won’t easily enter large lakes like these either.

Whoosh!

Luo Feng swiftly flew forward, causing turbulence in the lake water below him.

“Hiss!”

A large, blue light made of electricity ferociously lit up.

“Hiss!”

Densely packed blue lights instantly lit up the area of the lake. The blue lights curved like snakes. Luo Feng, who was completely unprepared, was completely hit by the densely packed lights after just dodging the first light! Not because Luo Feng’s dodging abilities aren’t good enough, but because these lights freely curved in midair with no order to them at all!

“Not good” Luo Feng felt his entire body go numb and his mind becoming shaky.

His body started falling from midair!

The time it took for him to fall was quite long; a wargod could move faster. Around two seconds is required to fall from a height of 20 meters.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was alarmed.

When there was only a distance of six to seven meters left between him and the lake below, weird monster howls could be heard. At the same time, long, cylinder shaped monsters with green scales ferociously leaped out from the water. Electricity was encircling the scales of these monsters, and some of them had horns on their heads. These monsters opened their mouths wide open right when they came out of the water!

“Get out” roared Luo Feng.

Six lights of death bursted out with Luo Feng as their center.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The six throwing knives instantly drew across the water type monster horde. They even went in a circle, piercing through many monsters. These monsters all let out cries of pain, and monsters that were lucky enough to survive all let out streams of electricity in rage.

Whoosh!

However, while controlling the throwing knives, Luo Feng stood on the shield to his side and swiftly flew back up. Thankfully, the attacks of these water type monsters weren’t as organized as before, which allowed Luo Feng to escape.

“Phew, almost died here”

After flying up to a distance of 50 meters above the lake, Luo Feng found that his forehead and back were drenched in a cold sweat. He’s been in tricky situations before and even dared to fight against high level horde leader monsters up front….. but he didn’t think he would almost die here! If he woke up slightly later, those monsters definitely would have chewed his head up!

“Eel type water type monsters?”

“Steelwire electric eel”

“Horned electric eel”

With a glance, he discovered the various eel type monsters below him. There were over 100 fish type monsters that could discharge electricity on this world. However, monsters form hordes, so the monster horde that attacked Luo Feng was an electric eel type water type monster horde. Monsters that could discharge electricity were always feared by human fighters.

Powerful water type monsters capable of discharging electricity, especially when they do it together, can instantly knock out powerful wargods. When they’re knocked out, even wargods can do nothing against the electric eels!

They can’t do anything about it!

“I need to be careful. There are millions of different types of monsters, and many of them have special abilities. I might lose my life if I’m not careful” Luo Feng flew up to an altitude of 50 meters and then carefully flew forward.

While flying, he could hear all sorts of weird noises carrying from the lake.

Clearly…..

There was an alarming number of monsters in the lake.

“HOWL~”

A horrifying howl boomed next to Luo Feng’s ear. At the same time, an incredible force instantly landed on Luo Feng’s body, causing Luo Feng to helplessly fall.

“Fuck! Can’t believe another water type monster attacked me” Luo Feng desperately controlled his spiritual force to make himself hover.

But his body helplessly fell.

“Huhu~~”

An incredible whirlpool was forming in the lake below him. The center of the whirlpool was a “black hole”. Under the white mist, the black hole was blurry, and the black hole was crazily swallowing everything above it. Its powerful suction power prevented Luo Feng from flying away for a bit. Keep in mind that Luo Feng’s spiritual force was virtually at an advanced level wargod level.

“Big guy!” Luo Feng lowered his head and laughed.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Two SS grade throwing knives rapidly shot downwards, straight towards the large black hole.

Chi! Chi!

“YA!”

An ear piercing cry that sounded like a baby’s instantly rang across the sky. The sound was enormous and ear piercing, causing Luo Feng to subconsciously cover his ears. In the raging waters below, a dark red colored blood was mixed within. And that ‘black hole’, with its suction power, completely disappeared.

Whoosh! Whoosh! The two throwing knives landed in Luo Feng’s pockets mid air.

“What a powerful monster, my throwing knives only barely managed to scratch the surface of its skin before they were blocked by its bones” Luo Feng was controlling the throwing knives, so of course he was clear that his throwing knives only injured the monster slightly.

“It usually roars, but when it’s startled, it cries like a baby? Its suction power is startling? What kind of water type monster is this?”

In terms of the number of species, the number of monsters on land barely make up a portion of the number of monsters in the sea.

There were over 10,000 different species of monsters on land. One could imagine how many different water type monsters there were. Adding to that, fighters spend most of their time on land. As a result, Luo Feng, like other fighters, didn’t know much about water type monsters. He only knew some common, famous ones.

“I’ll continue forward. I want to see for myself how strange this lake is” mumbled Luo Feng to himself. But at the same time, six throwing knives hovered around him. He also flew up another 30 meters, reaching an altitude of 80 meters.

…..

Finally, Luo Feng landed on a beach.

“Finally reached the island at the center” balls of sweat appeared on Luo Feng’s nose. He was startled quite a bit on his way. Other than his near-death experience from the attack of the electric eel horde, Luo Feng also saw two large water type monsters killing each other. He also saw a dragon, at least 100 meters long, eating.

Anyway…..

The number of powerful water type monsters in this lake were unexpectedly many. Quite odd!

Normally, it would be amazing for a lake that was around 100 km squared to be the home of two or three powerful water type monsters. But this lake….. Luo Feng already saw 7 or 8 extremely powerful water type monsters on his way here. And don’t even mention the even more powerful ones hiding below! The density of powerful monsters was too great!

This goes against common sense!

“There must be a cause behind all of this” Luo Feng walked on the beach and looked at the thick forest ahead of him.

The island in the center of the lake was like a primitive forest. There were many large trees standing and plants were abundant everywhere.

“Hm?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to start ascending, and he flew higher and higher.

He looked at the island below him. This mysterious island was covered in mist like always. And the lake surrounding the island….. contained large amounts of powerful water type monsters.

“Not right, not right…..”

Luo Feng’s face changed.

“This island, why is this island so quiet?”

Yes, quiet!

After coming to the continent of Australia for such a long time, Luo Feng has never discovered a place as quiet as this one. Even if it’s in the wilderness, there should be large amounts of monsters. But this island covered in mist…..

didn’t even have a single monster!

No flying monsters, no land type monsters. This island covered in mist was abnormally quiet. However, the lake surrounding the island had an alarming amount of powerful, horrifying water type monsters.

“This island is weird”

“Not right”

Luo Feng has never felt so afraid before. He didn’t know why….. this place that was just too quiet and still, made Luo Feng fearful.

Whoosh!

Luo Feng landed on the beach. He didn’t dare to go deeper into the island.

“The lake is peculiar and the island is peculiar too” Luo Feng suddenly let out a smile. He stretched out his right hand and pressed the button on the tactical communications watch on his wrist. Pressed–

Beep!

The tactical communications watch turned on.

“My tactical communications watch is on now. Li Yao….. time for you to come” mumbled Luo Feng to himself. Even though Li Yao was powerful, he had no choice but to swim through the lake since he can’t fly…… but the water type monsters in this lake were so powerful, that even Li Yao would have a lot of difficulty passing through the lake without dying.

…..

Paris headquarter city, in a large room.

One of the three people sitting in front of laptops, a handsome, white youth, suddenly exclaimed: “Madam, it’s through. We called the target’s phone”

“What?” Venina, who was originally frowning, said out of surprise.

“We finished calling, the target’s coordinates have been confirmed” continued the handsome, white youth.

“Transfer it immediately” commanded Venina.

“Yes” the white youth excitedly transferred the coordinates to Li Yao, who was in the wastelands of the continent of Australia.


Chapter 148: Pitiful Li Yao

Monsters could be seen killing each other everywhere on this vast wasteland. Their goal was to kill their opponent and eat them to fill up their own stomachs! However, compared to a monster’s body, a tiny, skinny human fighter was travelling alone on the wilderness. This fighter didn’t even avoid any of the monsters.

He charged straight forward!

He treated those monsters like ants. Quite a few monsters have attempted to attack this human fighter, but that just resulted in thickening the scent of blood on this fighter’s body. With such a startling scent that clearly had some powerful monsters’ blood mixed in, the monsters avoided this human right when they saw him.

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng!” mumbled li Yao to himself like a beast.

“Just hide, keep hiding. You can hide, but you can’t hide forever!” Li Yao never would have thought that hunting down this 19 year old youth would be so troublesome. However….. he would never give up his quest to avenge his son! If he doesn’t kill Luo Feng, he probably wouldn’t even be able to sleep at night.

“Hm?” Li Yao felt the tactical communications watch on his wrist vibrate. He looked carefully and was startled, “Luo Feng’s coordinates?”

At the same time, he received a call.

“Hello” said Li Yao.

“Yao, it’s me, you received Luo Feng’s coordinates right” Venina’s voice carried from the tactical communications watch.

“You got these coordinates? Are you sure?” asked Li Yao hurriedly.

“Yao, we just received these coordinates. No idea what happened with that Luo Feng….. we were suddenly able to call his tactical communications watch! This means that he probably turned it on himself. I’m scared that this is one of Luo Feng’s tricks and that he’s luring you on purpose” said Venina.

“Trick, trap?” Li Yao couldn’t help but to let out a crazy laugh.

His laugh echoed around the wasteland, and not one monster dared to approach this scary human.

“I have a ‘Black God set’ from the archaeological ruins, so no wargod can kill me. Unless it’s an emperor level monster, an existence surpassing the wargod level, or a laser cannon….. but Luo Feng, hmph, I really can’t think of anything powerful he has hidden up his sleeves” Li Yao was confident.

“Okay, whether or not these coordinates are real or fake, I’m going to go take a look” said Li Yao.

“Ok” Venina wasn’t against the decision.

She was also an advanced level wargod and clearly understood how powerful her husband was.

There were only three things that could threaten Li Yao:

1. Laser cannon? How could Luo Feng get a laser cannon and operate it.

2. Existences surpassing the wargod level. But if Luo Feng could get someone like that, why would he need to use a trick like this?

3. Emperor level monster. There should be many horde leader level monsters surrounding the emperor level monster. Once he finds out something is wrong, Li Yao would retreat. Why would he go mess with an emperor level monster?

“Still 120 km from here” Li Yao looked at the map.

“Luo Feng, hope you’re there”

Whoosh!

A horrifying sonic boom rose. Li Yao transformed into a black stream of light as he rushed southwest. Within a blink of an eye, he disappeared into the horizon. With a speed of mach 2, he was indeed a horrifying existence.

……

A flowing light slowly became visible as it stopped beside the mist covered lake. It was indeed the black armored, cold faced wargod vulture Li Yao.

“This Luo Feng sure can hide, picking a mist covered lake”

“With so much mist, the laser cannon is useless” Li Yao couldn’t help but to let out a mocking smile, mocking Luo Feng’s efforts…. to Li Yao, the laser cannon was already taken away by the Dojo of Limits. If he doesn’t even have the laser cannon, then wouldn’t it be futile for Luo Feng to hide in a mist covered island?

Whoosh!

Li Yao leaped dozens of meters into the air and crossed a distance of over 100 meters, as if he was launched like a cannonball.

“CHICHI~~” Li Yao’s feet quickly extended and formed something like a rubber raft. This rubber raft formed by the ‘Black God’ set used the force from Li Yao’s leap to swiftly move forward on the lake!

While he sat on the rubber raft, Li Yao held a blade in each hand and used them to paddle.

With Li Yao’s astonishing strength, huge amounts of driving force was produced with each paddle.

“HOWL~~” “QUACK~~” “HISS~~” All sorts and types of weird monster noises carried from the bottom of the lake, but Li Yao’s face was cold as he ignored all the sounds below. For an advanced level wargod, water type monsters in most lakes aren’t threatening at all to him.

Sadly, Li Yao didn’t know that this lake was special.

With the rubber raft’s amazing speed, it swiftly moved forward as it split the water of the lake.

“What” Li Yao’s faced dramatically changed.

He saw a large cylinder shaped snake-like being that was over 30 meters long and covered in purple scales. It bursted out of the lake like lightning, drew across an arc, and covered the raft with its gigantic purple scaled tail within a hundredth of a second.

Whoosh!

The rubber raft below Li Yao’s feet disappeared and, other than his eyes, mouth, and nose, his entire body was well protected by a black color. Li Yao stepped on the gigantic tail like lightning and used that force to leap into the air: “What a long tail, and what horrifying power! This attack definitely has the power of an high level horde leader. There were actually such powerful water type monsters in this lake?”

Li Yao was stunned!

And right in the instance when Li Yao fell from midair and touched the surface of the water.

“HISS!”

Blue electricity bolt after blue electricity bolt curved around like snakes as they instantly covered the entire area. Li Yao’s dodging abilities on water were worse than they were on land, so he was unable to dodge the electrical attack!

“Hmph. Good thing my Black God set is completely resistant to electricity” and right when Li Yao let out a sigh of relief.

“CHICHI~~”

A white string virtually instantly wrapped around and pulled back on one of his legs with an extraordinary level of power. “Not good” Li Yao’s face changed greatly and with a splash, Li Yao’s entire body sank into the lake.



On the misty beach.

Luo Feng sat cross legged like a statue. Splash~~ the water from the lake occasionally charged at the beach. Weirdly enough….. not one water type monster dared to crawl up onto the beach.

After a while…..

Luo Feng, who was quietly sitting cross legged, opened his eyes.

“How come that Li Yao still isn’t here?”

“Could it be…..”

“He died while trying to pass through the lake?” Luo Feng let out a smile, “if he really died in the lake, then that’s nothing weird. Even though it’ll be hard to kill him because of his Black God set, once he gets stuck under the lake by water type monsters, he won’t have any oxygen to breath. Since he’ll be struggling a lot, he’ll use up all his air very quickly and suffocate to death”

Luo Feng turned around and looked at the island.

Silence!

The entire island was quiet. Only the wind and leaves could be heard.

“Even within advanced level wargods, I’m almost invincible”

“Unless an emperor level monster appears, it’s not likely for me to get killed in most circumstances”

“Yep, I’ll go take a look inside”

Luo Feng couldn’t control his curiosity. He was also quite confident in his own power, so Luo Feng, while being as alert as possible with his hexagonal shield and ghost blade in hand, and also ready to control his throwing knives at any time…… carefully entered the island and disappeared into the emanating mist as he began his exploration.

…..

After a long time, on the beach on the other side of the island.

“GO DIE!”

An enraged roar rang and the water in the lake beside the beach ferociously exploded with blood flying everywhere. A black image flew into the air and then landed on the beach.

“I’ve finally reached it” the black image directly softened up on the beach.

Only after a while did he get a hold of himself.

“Horrifying, what a horrifying lake” Li Yao’s face was full of fear and shock as he looked at the huge lake in front of him. When he, Li Yao, was young, he went all around the world, venturing into lakes even larger than the one in front of him. He even fought with monsters in the sea before!

However…..

Li Yao has never been so beat up, never been so close to death before. As he crazily escaped under water just now, he saw over 10 high level horde leader level water type monsters! And there were even more horde leader level monsters of other levels!

In other words, most of the water type monsters in the lake were extremely powerful.

There were countless commander level water type monsters, but there were barely any soldier level monsters.

“This lake, just what is this lake? How come I’ve never heard that such a horrifying lake exists on this earth” Li Yao’s face wasn’t looking good, “I’ve ran into over 10 high level horde leader level monsters in a 100 km squared lake. There are probably nearing 100 high level horde leader level monsters in this entire lake!”

“Even China’s #003 city, the den of monsters, isn’t much worse than this”

In terms of dangerousness, this lake is worse than former Shanghai, #003 city.

Because the water type monsters here are more densely packed and fighting in water lowers a human fighter’s capabilities.

*cough, cough* Li Yao coughed two mouthfuls of fresh blood.

“The water really heavily impacts my strength. If I was on land, even if I couldn’t handle 10 high level horde leaders, I could at least escape. But this….. was horrible” Li Yao couldn’t help but to spit out another mouthful of fresh blood. He sat cross legged on the beach as he started to rest. He knew how heavily injured he was this time.

His right arm and two of his ribs were broken.

His organs were heavily injured!

Even though the ‘Black God set’ has powerful defensive capabilities, it isn’t as effective against impacts. In the water, Li Yao was trapped and almost strangled to death. Even though he got out with his life on the line, his ribs were still broken and his organs were damaged.

“Now I need to heal up. If I fight again, I’ll just damage my body even more” Li Yao had no more arrogance left.

He was completely scared because of this lake.

Thankfully he had his Black God set, or even 10 lives wouldn’t have been enough.

“Venina” Li Yao connected to his wife, “Confirm Luo Feng’s current coordinates”. As he said that, Li Yao gasped for breath, his ribs in immense pain.


Chapter 149: The Secret of the Island

Li Yao looked at the coordinates on the map in his tactical communications watch sent by his wife: “Hm? He already entered the island?” Li Yao was not mad, but happy. If the coordinates didn’t change at all, Li Yao would’ve suspected that Luo Feng just left his tactical communications watch there.

And now, the target is moving.

Which means that Luo Feng is probably wearing it.

“I’ll rest up first. With my body’s regeneration speed, I should be able to heal up in two days. It’ll take me around half a day to stabilize” Li Yao couldn’t be bothered to continue chasing after Luo Feng. He first sat cross legged on the beach as he rested.

The mist emanated on the island.

“How weird” Luo Feng, who was fully equipped, slowly and carefully moved forward in the forest on the island. He looked at the plants around him and became even more confused, “I’ve already advanced two to three km into the island and I still haven’t seen any sign of any monster’s presence. It looks like there really aren’t any monsters on this island”

“The only peculiar thing is–”

“It should be winter right now in the continent of Australia, but the temperature on this island is high. The trees and flowers seem to be blossoming like it’s spring or summer” Luo Feng was confused.

Just what secrets did this island behold?

Trees were abundant, flowers were colorful, vines were everywhere….. the forest seemed to be full of life.

But there just weren’t any animals.

Luo Feng carefully advanced step by step.

Around 100 meters away from Luo Feng was a pink flower. This flower was actually even larger than a sink, much larger than the flowers near it. It was also much more bright. At the moment….. Luo Feng slowly advanced towards that flower step by step. As he became closer and closer, he finally arrived.

“What a bright flower. It’s quite rare to see such a bright flower in such a season in the continent of Australia” Luo Feng observed a bit and then turned his head as he continued on.

And right when Luo Feng took two steps–

Whoosh!

The bright, pink flower that was larger than a sink ferociously opened up wide. With its now three to four meter wide diameter, this gigantic flower explosively shot towards Luo Feng like lightning. As if a cover that fell from the sky, it directly covered Luo Feng as it tried to swallow him whole.

After entering this misty island, Luo Feng has never let down his guard and was always at his utmost state of cautiousness.

“Hm?” a cold light flashed through Luo Feng’s eyes.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Three black lights instantly shot towards the gigantic flower from Luo Feng. Each of these throwing knives held incredible force and astonishing piercing power. As if three rays of death, they instantly pierced through the gigantic pink flower headed towards Luo Feng. The three black lights rotated several times and the flower was instantly sliced into pieces.

One of the throwing knives directly sliced off the extended blood red colored root of the huge flower!

CHI!

As if cutting through metal, it cut through the root.

“Man eating plant?” Luo Feng looked at the flower pieces and the remaining root on the ground. Gugu~~ red blood kept pouring out from the inside of the root, quite peculiar.

“Man eating plant mutations are extremely rare”

“And most of the man eating plants on earth are in South America’s amazon” Luo Feng frowned in confusion, “How could a man eating plant appear on this island?”

The Grand Nirvana period is the period of mutation in animals.

Humans are a type of animal.

When large amounts of monsters were born, powerful human fighters were born too! However, plants remained unaffected. Trees were still trees, flowers were still flowers….. the only plant that mutated was– the man eating plant. There were already several species of man eating plants and, after they mutated, there are now over a few dozen species.

Since the man eating plant was the only plant that mutated, many scientists even declared the man eating plant as, “special organisms”.

“Weird, weird, can’t believe a man eating plant appeared here”

Luo Feng shook his head and continued forward.

To a powerful spirit reader like him, this man eating plant really posed no threat at all.

…..

After experiencing the attack of the man eating plant, Luo Feng became even more careful and advanced extremely slowly. However, this “slowness” is relative; he still walked much faster than normal people.

Half an hour later.

“Eh?”

“Willow tree!” Luo Feng looked at a willow tree in the distance and couldn’t help but to let out a smile….. Many of the trees on this island were rare, but Luo Feng was too familiar with the willow tree. For the afforestation projects on the streets of Yang Zhou city, willow trees were used! So Luo Feng was happy to see some willow trees. Maybe because nobody has been here for a very long time, these willow trees grew up to amazing heights.

“One, two, three, four….. nine in total!”

“Nine willow trees, what huge willow trees”

Luo Feng walked over.

The nine willow trees in front of him were indeed very large. Even the thinnest willow tree had a diameter of around a meter. The thickest willow tree had a diameter of three meters…… it was rare to run into even one large tree like these. Since plants were abundant on this island, the tens of thousands of branches of these nine willow trees swayed in the wind.

Hu~hu~

Nine super willow trees. Each of these willow trees had millions of branches dancing in the wind.

“This island sure is amazing, being able to grow such huge willow trees”

“And the other plants here are full of life too, not just the willow trees. Even though it’s winter right now, the trees here still have their leaves” Luo Feng was amazed.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Right when Luo Feng was thinking to himself beside the nine huge willow trees, in an instant, all the branches on the willow trees crazily danced and swiftly wrapped towards Luo Feng like cruel wires! They were extremely fast, way faster than the speed of sound. Because of the short distance, even Luo Feng couldn’t dodge the branches that covered the sky!

“What is this thing?” Luo Feng’s face changed. Even the smallest willow tree reached a height of 30 to 40 meters, which is comparable to a 10 story building! As for the largest willow tree that had a diameter of three meters, it reached a height of nearly 100 meters….. with such tall willow trees, the branches they had also reached an extraordinary number. Each of their branches were over 100 meters long, and they spread out and covered the entire sky!

“BREAK THROUGH!” Luo Feng ferociously charged forward. At the same time, six throwing knives encircled his body like a flaming wheel; they rotated as they crazily sliced the branches in the area! Luo Feng’s throwing knives can kill many advanced level wargods, so, with their attack power, the branches were swiftly cut. However, cutting through the branches felt like cutting through steel.

With Luo Feng’s understanding of his spiritual force and his throwing knives, he observed that each of these branches could probably withstand an attack from an advanced level warlord’s blade! At such a level, even a homing missile will have trouble destroying these branches.

Of course, the branches couldn’t do anything against Luo Feng’s throwing knives.

Under Luo Feng’s charge and his throwing knives’ high speed rotation, large amounts of branches were cut into two.

Right when it seemed like Luo Feng was about to charge out, “BOOM”.

The largest, super willow tree king in the middle with a diameter of three meters suddenly shot out several light golden branches. There were tons of them, almost 10,000 branches! Each of these branches were several hundred meters long and virtually instantly covered Luo Feng. They charged straight into Luo Feng’s throwing knives.

“CHICHI!”

The rotating throwing knives barely cut through a single light golden branch.

“Not good” Luo Feng’s face changed dramatically.

Retreat! He swiftly retreated backwards and dodged the light golden willow tree branches.

“It’s so hard for me just to cut through one of the light golden branches. If I get surrounded by millions of light golden branches…… I’ll be in trouble”. Even though he can still cut through the branches…… he can’t take the risk. Because, failure means death! When faced with the dancing, light golden branches that were approaching him, Luo Feng ferociously drilled into the ground at the same time he retreated! PU!

Three throwing knives rotated as they instantly went through the ground and Luo Feng directly plunged into the hole. His spiritual force worked on his feet and made him like a drill as he swiftly went through the ground.

“CHICHI”

Large amounts of light golden branches swiftly entered the ground. However, the golden branches were only several hundred meters long, so they couldn’t go in too deep. And the main function of these branches were to tie and strangle their target to death….. the tip of these branches were forked, so their digging abilities couldn’t compare to Luo Feng’s throwing knives!

The light golden branches danced a bit and then returned to the super willow tree king. As for the other willow branches, they danced in the wind like usual.

……

Deep underground, rocky layer. Luo Feng blew open a small hole here.

Luo Feng was dirty and lay against the rock behind him.

“Drip, drip!” The water remaining in the layer constantly dripped down.

“I sure was roughed up” Luo Feng laughed at himself.

“Now I know why there aren’t any flying monsters or land monsters in this misty island now” Luo Feng recalled the scene that previously unfolded and was still amazed, “Incredible, incredible. Even willow trees can attack. If the news of this spreads, the entire world will be startled”

The plants on earth never mutated, except for man eating plants. However…..

Luo Feng wasn’t startled when discovering the man eating plant on this misty island, but he was completely flabbergasted when he was attacked by the willow trees.

“Especially that willow tree king, normal advanced level wargods aren’t even its opponent”

“If the willow tree can attack, then most of the plants on this island can probably attack too. If any monsters came, they would be killed by these plants” Luo Feng thought to himself.

After the Grand Nirvana period, nobody lived on the continent of Australia.

This, was a paradise for monsters.

Monsters probably knew that this misty island was special, so not a single one dared to venture in.

Only occasionally do fighters come here to train.

But the number of fighters that came to the continent of Australia were way too few. The gigantic continent of Australia was millions of km squared and fighters have only had a few dozen years to explore this place, so many places remain unexplored by fighters. This misty island….. is one example. In the past, nobody knew about its secret. But now, it was discovered by Luo Feng!

“That Li Yao doesn’t have the various abilities of a spirit reader. He can’t fly and his digging speed is too slow”

“First not mentioning whether or not he can survive on this misty island, if he runs into trouble, I’ll deliver the finishing blow” Luo Feng didn’t mind that his methods were cruel.

While he was underground, he was pretty free.

Suddenly, he took out his cell phone from his backpack.

“Expensive cell phones have their advantages too. Even when I’m underground, it still has such good signal” Luo Feng smiled as he made a call.

“Hello”

“BRO!” brother Luo Hua’s excited voice rang, “How are you doing in the continent of Australia?”

Previously, Luo Feng used his cell phone to tell his family that he’ll be in the continent of Australia and therefore won’t be able to call them much.

“How am I doing?”

Luo Feng looked at the rocks around him and the incessantly dripping water as he smiled, “Good. The place I’m at right now is quite safe. Hehe, there’s even water”


Chapter 150: Struck Gold

In the black, dark, underground cave, Luo Feng smiled as he chatted with his brother.

“It’s good as long as you’re safe”

“Oh yea, bro, about the continent of Australia. I’ve been researching it recently and read online that the continent of Australia is one of the three hazardous regions on earth. There are countless powerful monsters there, and I even watched some videos about the continent of Australia. All the monsters that appeared in the videos seemed so powerful…..”

As he listened to his brother, Luo Feng laughed as he said: “No worries, to your brother, killing those monsters is like cutting through some vegetables”

When he was hunting in the wilderness, his parents and brother were extremely worried about him. And now, he even came to the continent of Australia….. Luo Feng didn’t want his family to worry too much about him, so he made himself sound extremely powerful.

Of course…..

In reality, those monsters really are just like vegetables to him though.

“Luo Hua, how’ve you been doing with your girlfriend recently?” followed Luo Feng.

“I’m doing ok” his brother’s voice that carried from the cell phone was a bit helpless, “I just can’t meet with Nan”

“Don’t rush, be patient” comforted Luo Feng.

His brother knew too: “I know. Actually, Nan is under more pressure than me”

After Luo Hua fell into the lake, Luo Hua and Nan began to treasure each other’s feelings more than before. However– one thing remained the same: Zhen Nan’s parents still forbid Zhen Nan and Luo Hua’s relationship. Zhen Nan’s parents definitely won’t allow their daughter to marry a handicap who can only sit on a wheelchair.

However, Nan was in the most pain…..

On one side, she had to follow her parents’ will!

On the other side, she has to comfort Luo Hua. She’s scared that Luo Hua might do something dangerous again.

“Luo Hua” said Luo Feng.

“Hm?” his brother’s tone was a bit down, since the stuff with Nan is the cause of his worries.

“By the end of this year, I’ll be able to get an elixir of life” said Luo Feng

…..

All the way in Jiang-Nan city, Yang Zhou city’s Ming-Yue sector.

At this time, Luo Hua was in his room alone on his wheelchair as he talked with his brother on the phone.

“What?” Luo Hua froze.

“By the end of this year, I’ll be able to bring back an elixir of life. When that happens, you’ll be able to stand up again”

Luo Hua froze.

Be able to stand up?

Stand up?

“I can stand up again?” Luo Hua couldn’t help but to shake as he sat on his wheelchair. His face became red and he became super excited as he said, “Bro, you said this year? Didn’t you say that this elixir of life only appears in an auction occasionally? And that it’s not something you can get with just money? Now you can get it?”

Luo Feng’s voice carried from the phone: “Luo Hua, the elixir of life isn’t as rare as you think”

Luo Hua froze.

“The only reason why the elixir of life is so rare is because of a cheap trick employed by the American government. Don’t worry, I’ll definitely be able to get an elixir of life” Luo Feng’s voice was full of confidence, “Just leave it to me!”

“Cheap trick employed by the American government?” Luo Hua was speechless.

America? That’s one of the five countries on earth, a powerful country comparable to China and Russia. However, this powerful government was spoken of so lightly from his brother’s mouth; his brother seemed to be full of confidence.

“You can tell Nan too” Luo Feng’s voice continued, “Just tell her….. that you’ll be able to have two legs soon, and that you’ll be able to walk like a normal person”

“Bro, didn’t you say that I have to keep that a secret?” Luo Hua was startled.

Luo Feng said before……

That if the elixir of life’s gigantic cost is revealed, Luo Feng’s life could be in danger.

“There’s no need to keep that a secret now” said Luo Feng. Right now, Li Yao already brought people to the continent of Australia to kill him, so why is there any need to keep the elixir of life a secret? And once his brother tells Zhen Nan this news, then….. Zhen Nan won’t feel so pressured anymore. And Luo Feng is also worried about–

Zhen Nan having a change of heart!

Maybe his brother falling into the lake would move Zhen Nan so much that she would give up everything to stay beside his brother Luo Hua.

But this feeling won’t last for too long. After a while, Zhen Nan might have a change of heart due to the constant pressure from her parents! Of course, this is just a possibility….. but Luo Feng didn’t want such a thing to happen. With his understanding of his brother, Luo Hua, his brother probably wouldn’t be able to handle another shock like this again!

So, might as well let Zhen Nan know that his brother can stand up again. This way, Zhen Nan won’t be shaken easily.

As of now in China, many girls from low-cost apartments hope to marry someone rich, someone who can buy a home for them! So the best way for a man to keep their girl is to– make enough money. This way, their girlfriends won’t be swayed by money, since their boyfriend already has money.

With respect to this…..

Letting Zhen Nan know about Luo Hua’s bright future will stop her from wavering.

“Luo Hua, tell Nan that you’ll be able to take her hand and walk to her parents together” encouraged Luo Feng.

The phone hung up.

Luo Hua sat in front of his laptop for a while. After that, he started a video chat with Nan.

“Nan, Nan”

Luo Hua sat in front of his laptop. A window on his laptop’s display appeared, which contained an image of Nan. Since it was August and currently summer break, Nan usually stayed home. Naturally, she’d have lots of time to chat with Luo Hua.

“What’s got you so excited?” Zhen Nan’s smile was extremely sweet.

“Nan, my brother said….. that by the end of this year, I’ll be able to have my own legs to stand with” said Luo Hua excitedly.

“WHAT!” Zhen Nan froze.

“I said, I’ll be able to stand up by the end of this year, stand up like a regular person. I can walk like a regular person, I can bring you to the park, I can bring you shopping, to eat at restaurants” said Luo Hua excitedly. His eyes couldn’t help but to start tearing up.

“Really?” Zhen Nan couldn’t believe this.

“Yes” followed Luo Hua, “My brother even talked to the world’s strongest fighter, ‘Hong’, face to face. There are always some special treasures on this earth”

Zhen Nan couldn’t believe this at first, since today’s technology wasn’t advanced enough to allow two legs to grow out again. But she knew…… that her boyfriend’s brother was a mysterious figure. Now she heard that her boyfriend’s brother even met the world’s strongest fighter, ‘Hong’.

Maybe he actually does have some special methods.

“When the time comes, I’ll hold your hand and walk to your parents” said Luo Hua.

“Yea, yea” Zhen Nan nodded, her tears almost coming out.

Who knew….. about how much pressure she had to deal with these days.

When Luo Hua fell into the lake, her relationship with Luo Hua spread out around the area. People have always been pointing fingers behind her back. Even though her heart was solid, it was still tough to deal with everyone talking behind her back! Finally….. she’ll be able to straighten her back.

…..

Luo Hua silently sat in front of his laptop, his video chat with his girlfriend has long ended.

“My fate has changed just like this” Luo Hua’s ears could still hear the distant honks from the cars outside. This is a headquarter city, a bustling, crowded, flourishing, and safe headquarter city. And his brother was in the far, yet dangerous continent of Australia, one of the three hazardous regions!

Two brothers in different locations, as if they were in different worlds.

And now, his brother stood at the top of the world. He directly says “American government” and whenever he talks about money, billions are used as the counter.

“Bro! Thank you!” said Luo Hua to himself in his heart.



One of the three hazardous regions on earthһ the continent of Australia. An extremely mysterious place in the continent of Australiaһ the misty island.

In a cave in the rocky layer under the misty island.

The cave was dark as dark could get and the only light source was the dim light coming from Luo Feng’s tactical communications watch’s display. This dim, green light was almost unnoticeable in the dark cave. With this light, one could barely see the blurry image of someone sitting cross legged. Luo Feng was currently training his genetic energy, and after who knows how long…..

In the dark cave, Luo Feng opened his eyes.

“Yup, my arm is much better” Luo Feng waved his left arm, his injury from before has mostly recovered.

“I wonder if that Li Yao died in the lake or came to this misty island”

He took a look at his tactical communications watch, it was already 3 PM.

“I’ll go up and take a look, I can’t just stay here forever” with a thought from Luo Feng, three flowing lights immediately started rotating. As if they became a drill, they directly pierced the rocks above him. Luo Feng put his hands together above his head and charged upwards!

Chichi~~

As of now, Luo Feng’s skin was even tougher than diamond. He has just stepped into the body fitness level of a beginner level wargod, so even armor piercing bullets fired from a sniper rifle can’t pierce his skin. Luo Feng’s hands were even better than a steel drill and with the three throwing knives in front of him, digging became even easier.

Going straight up ahead!

Of course, Luo Feng purposefully took a different path from before when he dug down. Luo Feng didn’t want to get attacked by the willow tree king right when he pops his head out of the ground after all.

“AH!” a voice of pain carried from the surface of the ground. Dirt was a good medium for sound to travel through and wargods had amazing hearing.

“This is someone’s voice?” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed, “There are people on this misty island?”

“Li Yao!!!”

Luo Feng immediately connected that voice to Li Yao!

Whoosh!

Luo Feng, as usual, didn’t dare to move too quickly. The closer he got to the surface, the more he slowed down. At the same time, his spiritual force has already spread out to a 80 meter radius. After that, Luo Feng silently popped his head out, which happened to be in the middle of a bush.

“Eh?” Luo Feng immediately saw Li Yao, who was completely covered in black, in the distance.

As of now, Li Yao’s face was pale and some blood could be seen at the sides of his mouth. However, his eyes were full of light.

“PU!”

“PU!”

Li Yao coughed out two mouthfuls of fresh blood as he stared at the largest willow tree in the distance. When Luo Feng saw this, he couldn’t help but to think to himself: “Looks like Li Yao has experienced the special part of this willow tree and got beat up”

“It’s me, Venina!” Li Yao said full of excitement to his tactical communications watch.

“Yao, what is it?” asked Venina.

“We’ve struck gold, we’re going to be rich! Right now, I’m on an island that’s full of countless wealth and treasure. I’ve already discovered over 12 spirits of nature” Li Yao couldn’t contain his excitement.


Chapter 151: Spirit of Nature

“What did you say!!!” even Venina’s voice changed tone.

“No doubt about it, spirit of nature!” followed Li Yao.

“Oh, God! You said that you already discovered 12 spirits of nature? You’re not joking are you?” Venina, all the way in Paris headquarter city, was already so excited that she could barely contain herself. She clearly understood what this ‘spirit of nature’ was, and clearly understood just how much it was worth. This thing was definitely more attractive than a floor covered in gold.

Hiding in the distance, Luo Feng, whose head barely above the ground, also frowned as he heard this: “What’s a spirit of nature?”

He’s never heard of this before.

“Venina, this misty island is extremely peculiar. There aren’t any monsters living on it, but there are spirits of nature. Just before, I’ve already discovered three plants that seemed to resemble ‘spirits of nature’. Those plants almost heavily injured me. And just now, I discovered nine spirits of natures in willow trees. Just like this, I’ve already discovered 12 of them, and I definitely believe that there are over 12 spirits of nature on this entire misty island. There’ll definitely be more” followed Li Yao, “Once we move all of these spirits of nature away, we’ll be rich”

Just one spirit of nature is worth a ton.

Don’t even talk about its price, talking about its price is insulting the spirit of nature.

This treasure…..

No power is willing to sell it!

“Spirits of nature in plants like willow trees are special. The “thousand year willow heart” that everyone knew about back then, was actually the core of a willow tree’s spirit of nature” followed Li Yao, “According to what I know, that willow tree only had a diameter of one meter. And here, there are nine willow trees, with the thinnest one having a diameter of one meter. The biggest one has a diameter of over three meters”

Even regular willow trees with large diameters exist.

But once a willow tree develops a spirit of nature, they are different from regular ones. These spirits of nature have “spirits”, so they are capable of simple attacks and defense. The more powerful the spirit of nature is, the more its worth.

“If I was just a bit slower just now, I would’ve died to the biggest willow tree’s spirit of nature. Thankfully I had my Black God set’s transformation powers” continued Li Yao, “That thousand year willow heart back then has two benefits after using it. 1. It can greatly improve the life force of one’s cells, increasing the body’s regeneration speed by many times. 2. Body fitness level will also leap up”

“And that’s just a thousand year willow heart. I estimate….. that the willow tree in front of me that has a diameter of over three meters, has a “ten thousand year willow heart””

Just this one willow tree king is a priceless treasure.

“I’ve been an advanced level wargod for a long time now. If I use the ten thousand year willow heart, I might be able to make a breakthrough with its miraculous powers and therefore become an existence surpassing the wargod level” Li Yao was extremely excited, “However….. I am not this willow tree king’s opponent”

Of course, to obtain the “willow heart”, you have to cut down the willow tree!

And these willow trees with “spirits” will definitely resist….. Li Yao already felt threatened from his previous, short engagement.

“Nine willow trees with spirits of nature, and a willow tree with a diameter of over three meters?” Venina was completely stunned.

“This cake is too big, we can’t finish it ourselves” said Li Yao seriously, “And I feel like this misty island is extremely mysterious. For nine willow trees possessing spirits of nature to be born in one location, too incredible. This misty island….. definitely has more spirits of nature! Some might be even more powerful than this willow tree king”

Venina in Paris headquarter city also understood….. that this cake was indeed a bit too big.

The two of them can’t finish it!

“Venina, tell your family of this news and find some strong people to come” requested Li Yao, “It would be best if you got some powerful people with Black God sets or powerful spirit readers. The weakest of them has to at least be a regular advanced level wargod! The others aren’t even qualified to participate”

The reputation of the Vulture Scorpion couple was too infamous.

Other than a few people who they risked their lives with back in the day, they don’t have many friends. Instead, they have many enemies.

So……

When faced with this incredible island of treasure with so many spirits of nature, they have to rely on the Paulinus family for help! The Paulinus family, one of the core families of the HR alliance, has their own powerful wargods and have good relations with other powerful wargods.

Naturally, the Paulinus family possesses much more power than the Vulture Scorpion duo.

“I understand. But Yao, I’ll give the credit to Candace” said Venina.

“No problem, the credit is useless for me anyway. Or would the Paulinus family allow me to become their head?” scoffed vulture Li Yao. An outsider has no way of gaining any sort of power in the Paulinus family, so there’s no point in giving him the credit.

“OH YEAH!” gasped Venina, “Would that Luo Feng be able to recognize the spirits of nature? And contact the Dojo of Limits?”

“Nope!”

Li Yao sneered, “That Luo Feng arrived at this misty island way earlier than I did. If he was able to recognize the spirits of nature and then contact the Dojo of Limits, the people from the Dojo of Limits should’ve arrived ages ago! Furthermore….. how many spirits of nature have appeared in history? Most of them are forcefully taken away by Hong, Thunder God, and the five great countries. Because of that, very few people know about spirits of nature. Only a few experienced wargods know about this. Regular fighters don’t have a clue about this at all. How old is that Luo Feng? All he does is train, so how would he ever learn of such obscure information?”

…..

After seeing vulture Li Yao hang up, Luo Feng, who was a few hundred meters away, silently went back underground.

“Li Yao, oh Li Yao. I didn’t know before”

“But, you just told me yourself”

Luo Feng returned to the black cave under the rocky layer. With a little light from his tactical communications watch and his amazing eyesight, Luo Feng was able to clearly see everything in the cave.

“Thousand year willow heart? Two functions: increases regeneration and body fitness level greatly” Luo Feng was surprised. Just this bit of information was quite stunning.

A portion of dragon blood can raise body fitness level too! It’s hard to say which one is more effective….. dragon blood, or a thousand year willow heart.

Increased regeneration?

Just this is enough to make people go crazy. Your entire body benefits from regeneration. Take for example one of the emperor level monsters, the Earth Dragon. Even if someone cuts a part of its body off, it’ll swiftly grow back at a rate visible to the naked eye.

This is regeneration!

For those with powerful regeneration capabilities, even if their organs become heavily damaged, they can completely recover in half a minute. If their arms break, they’ll quickly become unscathed in a short bit.

The livelier your cells are, the faster your regeneration becomes!

“The thousand year willow tree, sure is amazing”

“According to what Li Yao said, that willow tree king could be containing a “ten thousand year willow heart”. Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at his tactical communications watch. Through his tactical communications watch, he got on the web and quickly entered the fighter discussion boards in the “Home of Limits”. Luo Feng wanted to enter the warlord discussion boards to look up information.

“Hm? How come the wargod discussion boards are lit up? I can enter the wargod discussion boards now?”

Since he has been bitterly training for the past few months, Luo Feng didn’t know that….. ever since he entered the top 50 for the first time on the black dragon ranking, the Dojo of Limits automatically gave him more permission, thus allowing him to enter the wargod discussion boards! Actually, the chief instructors of the Dojo of Limits headquarters in various headquarter cities also can enter the wargod discussion boards.

Some people aren’t wargods, and yet have the right to enter the wargod discussion boards.

Luo Feng now had permission too!

“I’m surely able to find lots of information in the wargod discussion boards” after entering, Luo Feng quickly inputted “spirit of nature” via voice and then searched the threads!

Beep!

With its cellphone-like display, the tactical communications quickly listed a few threads. There were actually 28 threads all describing the spirits of nature! Even though very few people knew about spirits of nature, a few introductions about it can still be found in a wargod discussion board.

“It seems like people have differing viewpoints about the origin of the spirits of nature” Luo Feng browsed each of the 28 threads one by one.

Some people said…..

That the spirit of nature is a special mutation.

Other people said, spirits of nature came to be by absorbing the natural energies in space.

And some people even said…… that there were spirits of nature in the past. But after industrialization destroyed nature too much, the spirits of nature disappeared. Now that the monsters are spread across the world as a result of the Grand Nirvana period, the natural environment is in a much better condition. The sky was blue and the clouds were white, and spirits of nature were born.

Of course– these viewpoints aren’t the same!

“However, one thing is certain. After a plant develops a spirit of nature, it isn’t threatening as long as you don’t approach it. And every spirit of nature contains nature’s essence, which has special functions” Luo Feng looked at a few boards introducing spirits of nature.

Thousand year willow heart, emerald grass dew, armored spirit jewel…..

However, all of these treasures are taken up by the five powerful countries, the two dojos, and the HR alliance. Barely any wargod fighters have these.

“According to what it says here, the thousand year willow heart is even better than a portion of dragon blood at raising body fitness level. And it also increases regeneration speed” Luo Feng sighed. A portion of dragon blood is worth 80 billion, so what about that thousand year willow heart? No wonder the five powerful countries and the two dojos are all fighting over it.

And right now, there are spirits of nature on this misty island, and a lot of them!

Holy!



Paris headquarter city, a wide, technologically advanced meeting room. The floor was made out of black marble and the golden conference table was around 10 meters long. There were a total of five black chairs with extremely delicate engravings on them. And right now, on these five chairs, sat five old people! Four old men and one old woman.

Suddenly–

The sound of someone’s footsteps echoed around the conference room, like water dripping from a fountain. The five people looked towards the main door.

“They’re here” the white, old man with silver hair smiled as he sat on the main seat.

A mysterious person who was covered in a black robe walked forward step by step. And beside him was a savage, burly brute who was carrying a shield on his back and a gigantic blade in one hand. The other person beside him was a man who was extremely pale and skinny. He had two daggers on his waist.

The three of them entered the conference, making the entire room a bit gloomy.

The leading black robed man’s eyes were as deep and dark as the sea……

The five old men immediately stood up from their seats as they welcomed these three powerful people.


Chapter 152: 10% Profit

“Catalan, my child, we’re going to have to bother you this time” the silver haired, white old man who held the Paulinus family’s power, smiled as he spoke.

The black robed man in front slightly bowed: “Uncle, after hearing the message you sent, I immediately brought my two good friends here. This guy here….. is the world famous ‘Blood Shadow’ Ethan” as he spoke, the skinny white man to his side slightly bowed.

“And this one here, is also my good friend, ‘Great Bear’ Keita!” said the black robed man.

The savage brute slightly bowed.

“We’ll have to trouble you two” smiled the silver haired old man, “Catalan, do you still need some other people? The people in the family…..”

“Anyone else will just come to die!”

The black robed man interrupted the Paulinus family’s chief’s sentence as he said discontented, “Hmph, even vulture Li Yao couldn’t get the spirit of nature on that misty island. The danger of this trip is obvious. The wargods the family is paying and the wargods in the family aren’t good enough!”

His words were arrogant! He clearly looked down on the other wargods in the family.

But the one speaking these words were…… ‘Phantom Demon’ Catalan!

Out of all the powerful wargods on earth, ‘Phantom Demon’ Catalan was definitely one of the most powerful ones. Even the Dojo of Limits and the Thunder Dojo have tried everything they could to get Phantom Demon Catalan to join them. However, Catalan was part of the Paulinus family, so of course he couldn’t join them.

However, one undisputable fact is that ‘Phantom Demon’ Catalan is a major reason why the Paulinus family has their current position in the HR alliance.

“Uncle, there’s no time to waste. 12 minutes have already passed since I received your message!” said the black robed man, “I’ll depart to Australia immediately”

“Alright, I’ll be waiting for the good news here in Paris” said the silver haired man. The other four old people all had smiles on their faces.

Whoosh!

Catalan immediately turned towards the exit and walked out with the other two super powerful fighters! If it wasn’t for Catalan’s relationship, it would be extremely difficult for the Paulinus family to invite ‘Great Bear’ Keita and ‘Blood Shadow’ Ethan!

As they watched Catalan and the others leave, the five old people stayed silent for quite a long time.

“Chief, Catalan is only bringing his two good friends there. This way, we won’t even know how many spirits of nature they’ll obtain in the misty island. When that happens….. Catalan might take most of them for himself and only give a portion to the family” a bald old man couldn’t help but to say.

The silver haired old man’s eyes were dark as he said indifferently: “Take them for himself? Catalan is our family’s most brilliant child! The stronger he becomes, the stronger our Paulinus family becomes! If he wanted to become the chief, he could’ve became the chief three years ago”

“Remember, don’t hold anything from Catalan. Doing so….. would just hurt a powerful person’s pride” said the silver haired man slowly.

The other old people remained silent.

……

In just a moment–

Whoosh!

A completely black, disc-shaped fighter jet swiftly ascended and departed Paris headquarter city. It quickly became a flowing black light as it disappeared into the horizon.

One of the three hazardous regions, the continent of Australia. The misty island.

The cave under the rocky layer deep underground.

“It’s about time”

Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at his tactical communications watch, “Around an hour and 30 minutes has passed since Li Yao contacted Venina”

“90 minutes!”

“Li Yao, I gave you guys a whole 90 minutes, that should be enough. It’s time to contact the Dojo of Limits!” Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at his tactical communications watch. He had a special number which he used to communicate with the inner part of the Dojo of Limits. He retrieved his rewards through this number, and he also uses this number if there’s anything important to tell them.

Indeed…..

He’s going to contact the Dojo of Limits!

Initially, when he heard Li Yao’s conversation, he thought about taking all the treasure for himself. However, after reading the threads underground, Luo Feng understood one thing.

Even if he can obtain the spirits of nature, he doesn’t have the power to keep them!

An advanced level wargod isn’t able to hoard such an incredible amount of spirits of nature. If he’s too greedy….. the consequences will be dire!

Furthermore, he isn’t even vulture Li Yao’s opponent in an upfront battle. Once Li Yao finds someone even more powerful to help him, Luo Feng’s chances lower even more. Not only does he not have the ability to get the treasure, he might lose his life when faced against so many powerful fighters! So after thinking carefully, the best course of action is to–

Notify the Dojo of Limits!

The Dojo of Limits is one of the largest powers on earth.

Once they send some fighters, they’ll definitely be able to get the treasure on this island. And the Dojo of Limits is extremely fair, so they’ll definitely give Luo Feng a bit of the treasure, since he was the one who found the misty island and gave them the information. Otherwise….. how would the Dojo of Limits convince the public?

Although he has decided to contact the Dojo of Limits, the timing is extremely crucial.

If Luo Feng notifies the Dojo of Limits straight away, the fighters of the Dojo of Limits will arrive earlier than the helpers from the Paulinus family, since the Dojo of Limits headquarters is in western asia’s Hong Ning headquarter city. If that happens….. not only will the HR alliance receive nothing, they also wouldn’t dare to fight with the Dojo of Limits.

And when that happens……

Li Yao will definitely escape in fear, which means Luo Feng wouldn’t be able to use the Dojo of Limits!

The best situation is!

Let the people from the Paulinus family arrive first and allow them to search hard for the spirits of nature on this misty island. The spirits of nature aren’t so easy to obtain. As shown by Luo Feng and vulture Li Yao’s struggle with the willow tree king, obtaining the spirits of nature is extremely difficult.

The people from the Paulinus family will struggle and fight with the spirits of nature!

And during that time!

The people from the Dojo of Limits will arrive. When that happens, the Dojo of Limits will definitely make the Paulinus family give up some stuff!

“90 minutes?”

“Is 90 minutes not enough time?” Luo Feng looked at the number on his tactical communications watch, “I can’t let the fighters from the Dojo of Limits arrive earlier than the fighters from Europe”

Just to be safe, Luo Feng waited another 30 minutes.

“It’s about time”

“This entire island is covered in thick mist, so searching the entire thing will be quite troublesome. One day might not even be enough for such a task” Luo Feng lightly tapped a button on his tactical communications watch–he made the call!

Two hours after Li Yao’s phone call, Luo Feng dialed!

“Beep–Beep”

“Hello” a low voice carried over.

“Hello, I’m Luo Feng from the elite training camp” said Luo Feng.

“What do you need?” the low voice was absolutely emotionless.

Luo Feng reported: “It’s like this. I discovered large amounts of spirits of nature on a mysterious island in the continent of Australia! Twelve spirits of nature have been discovered on this island so far. There’s also a willow tree with a diameter over three meters that also has a spirit of nature”

“Spirit of nature?”

The low voice gave a slightly surprised “eh”, and then said, “Very good, finding a place like this. According to the distribution rules of the Dojo of Limits, the person who discovers the location of the treasure, once confirmed, can go to the Dojo and receive 10% of the profit. The people who go to fight and harvest, according to the rules, earn a total of 30% of the profit. The rest of the 60% goes to the Dojo”

“Please send me the coordinates of the misty island” continued the low voice.

…..

The call soon ended after Luo Feng answered some questions.

“Who would’ve known that rules were formed for these kinds of situations already. 10% goes to the person who discovered the location? 30% to those who come and get it? The rest to the Dojo?” Luo Feng nodded his head, “10%, is good enough! Just 10% of those nine willow trees would get me a thousand year willow heart, and I’ll probably end up getting even more”

One hour later.

Luo Feng quietly popped his head out from a bush: “Hm? Where’s Li Yao?”

It was currently night time, the thick mist was everywhere. Even though the nine willow trees’ spirits of nature caused the mist in the area to lighten up a bit, even Luo Feng could barely see past a distance of 200 meters. And the image of Li Yao was not within that distance.

“I’ll just wait slowly, since they definitely will come back here” half of Luo Feng’s head was above the ground as he watched the nine willow trees in the distance.

Slowly waited……

His spiritual force spread out to a 100 meter radius, cautiously watching his surroundings.

…..

After a while–

RUMBLE!

Sonic booms rang in the sky, and Luo Feng quickly turned his head towards the sky.

At this time, a disc-shaped fighter jet was hovering in the skies of the misty island. As it hovered, its hatch directly opened.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Black robed Catalan, the savage man Keita, and the skinny man Ethan. The three of them directly jumped down from midair, and they swiftly fell towards the ground.

“The Paulinus family’s people are here” Luo Feng let out a smile.

And when the Paulinus family’s people arrived at the misty island, a purplish red triangular jet fighter was currently soaring through the night sky at an unbelievable speed, leaving behind a mixed up stream of air in its path.

Inside the triangular jet fighter.

There were only two people in this jet fighter, and both of them were passengers.

Out of the two people in the plane, one of them was extremely handsome. Even though he was wearing his battle uniform, he seemed to be out of this world. His face seemed to reveal that he was only around 30 years old, but his two eyes were as deep as the sea. He always had a smile on his face and seemed to be quite relaxed.

He, was one of the five big investigators, investigator Liu!

“The head actually sent you out too, looks like he’s really taking this island seriously” investigator Liu looked at the person beside him.

The mysterious person beside him also had a battle uniform on.

But he was wearing a golden mask.

“Investigator Liu, if you take all of the spirits of nature on this island away, you can take all of the 30%” the golden masked person’s voice was low, “I don’t care about these. Unless I really have to….. I won’t do anything. But once I have to take action, we’re going to have to split that 30%”

Investigator Liu couldn’t help but to be overjoyed as he heard this.

He’s actually willing to give him all of the 30% if he doesn’t do anything, isn’t that too foolish….. those are spirits of nature, something even Hong takes seriously.

“Haha, no worries, I doubt there’s anything I can’t deal with on that island” smiled investigator Liu.

He, an existence surpassing the wargod level!

After following Hong for so long, he has many tricks. There are barely any places on earth that can give him any kind of trouble.

…..

BOOM!

The fighter jet headed towards the continent of Australia with alarming speed with two of the strongest fighters on earth riding in it.


Chapter 153: Thousand Year Willow Heart

Luo Feng listened closely and indeed heard a rumbling noise.

“That’s probably the sound of the Paulinus family’s people landing on the ground after jumping out the plane” assumed Luo Feng. At the same time, he retracted his spiritual force, shortening it from a 100 meter radius to just a 30 meter radius. Powerful fighters like advanced level wargods can sense the spiritual force that scans across them.

Suddenly–

Luo Feng heard a faint sound of people talking coming from the mist far away.

“Catalan, up ahead is where the nine willow trees’ spirits of nature are” Li Yao’s voice carried out of the mist as he spoke english fluently.

“Spirits of nature usually aren’t that powerful. Li Yao, how come you can’t deal with them?” a gloomy sound rose.

As they talked, they walked out of the thick mist.

Luo Feng squinted as he looked through the gaps of the grass.

In front of the group was someone in a black robe. He looked quite peculiar.

Li Yao was talking beside him, and he was clearly being respectful! Behind the black robed man was a big savage brute and a white, skinny man. The savage brute and the skinny man didn’t lower their heads in front of Li Yao at all, which clearly showed that they weren’t afraid of Li Yao.

“Looks like the black robed man is the head of these four people” thought Luo Feng to himself.

The images of the four people in the distance became clearer and clearer.

“Deal with it? That willow tree king has a diameter of three meters. Back then, the willow tree that had the “thousand year willow heart” only had a diameter of one meter. This willow tree king is much more powerful than that willow tree. In particular, its dark golden branches are extremely tough. Once someone gets caught in it, even if it’s me, they’ll definitely die!” Li Yao pointed to the nine willow trees that had the spirits of nature in the distance, “Over there!”

Li Yao and the others, at around a distance of 120 meters away from Luo Feng, walked towards the nine willow trees.

Since it was nighttime, there was lots of mist.

And Luo Feng only popped half of his head out of the ground and was in a bush, so even Li Yao, Catalan, and the others didn’t notice Luo Feng’s presence.

“Only the four of them are going to go up against the willow tree king?” Luo Feng watched silently.

These four people want to cut down the willow tree king… probably not too realistic!

…..

When Li Yao and the others were around 50 meters away from the nine willow trees, the savage brute said lowly: “Li, you said all of these willow trees have spirits of nature?”

“If you don’t believe me you can go closer” sneered Li Yao.

“Catalan” said Li Yao seriously, “Look there, at the willow tree in the center of those nine trees….. it’s the largest and also the most powerful one. Its dark golden branches are long enough to cover all of the other willow trees. Because of that, I couldn’t even attack the other willow trees”

Catalan examined closely: “Where are the dark golden branches?”

“Look, they’re tied around the trunk” pointed Li Yao.

“Oh” Catalan also felt that this willow tree king was unusual.

“This willow tree only has one type of attack: it strangles its target to death with its branches! Its tree trunk can’t move and its roots are absorbing nutrients underground, so they can’t attack” said Li Yao, “Same as that willow tree that had the thousand year willow heart from back then”

Catalan nodded: “There are two ways to kill this willow tree king”

“The first way, is to get rid of all of its roots”

“The second way, is to cut apart the trunk”

Li Yao also nodded as he heard this: “Yea, but….. its dark golden branches are 200 to 300 meters long and can sink into the ground to protect its roots! And such a large willow tree probably has tons of roots, so getting rid of all of them is probably harder than cutting down the trunk”

“200 to 300 meters long?” Catalan slightly frowned.

Catalan stayed silent for a bit.

HUA!

Catalan’s black robe instantly disappeared and revealed a black battle uniform set within. Many daggers were placed on the trousers of his battle uniform set, 12 of them in total! And on his back was javelin after javelin!

There were six javelins on his back, as if he was wearing a shield made out of javelins.

“He has a Black God set?” Luo Feng, who was observing from afar was shocked. There’s only explanation for Catalan’s black robe’s sudden disappearance…… the black robe was made out of a transformed Black God set. The Black God set can transform into all sorts of different shapes based off of the user’s will.

“His weapons are the javelins and daggers?” Luo Feng slightly frowned.

…..

At the moment, Catalan’s face was ice cold. The sight of the silver javelins and the black daggers caused one to shiver. Even Li Yao slightly squinted his eyes on the side.

“Leave the willow tree king to me!” Catalan’s voice was cold as he commanded, “I’ll attack the willow tree king. Li Yao, Keita, Ethan, you three go in from the side and attack the other willow trees….. Remember, your safety is the most important thing. After I get the willow tree king’s full attention, you guys give everything you have and cut down the other willow trees”

“Understood” the savage brute licked his lips.

“Ok” Ethan slightly nodded.

“Alright” Li Yao nodded.

Catalan slightly smiled in response.

Chichi~

His entire body was swiftly covered in a black coating. Instantly, the black coating instantly covered his entire body, including his face! In other words, Catalan’s face was completely black too. His eyes, nose, and mouth were all sealed! You can say that Catalan isn’t afraid of any piercing attack from anyone below the level of existences surpassing the wargod level.

“Spirit readers don’t even need their eyes to fight” Li Yao sighed as he witnessed this scene.

“Alright, let’s begin!”

Catalan’s voice carried out.

Whoosh!

Catalan rushed towards the willow tree king like lightning. He was so fast that he was within 10 meters of the willow tree king in a blink of the eye. The willow tree king started angrily attacking….. the large number of willow tree branches that virtually covered the sky and ground crazily swarmed around Catalan, and the dark golden willow tree branches quickly joined the battle.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Vulture Li Yao, Blood Shadow Ethan, and Great Bear Keita left behind afterimages as they teamed up and charged towards a willow tree that had a diameter of around 1.8 meters. A black, flowing light extended on Li Yao and Ethan’s bodies, covering them completely. Clearly, the both of them had Black God sets. Because they had Black God sets…… the two of them didn’t use any shields.

“Three of the four have Black God sets?” Luo Feng was shocked as he watched from a distance.

It’s not that Black God sets are common on earth, but that the wargods who dared to come here are all at the top. Even Li Yao was heavily injured, so would anyone inferior to Li Yao dare to come? There are barely any people on this earth that own Black God sets, and each of them have astonishing strength.

“Is that Catalan a spirit reader?” Luo Feng’s eyes were completely widened.

All that could be seen…..

Was a dagger in each of Catalan’s hands and, at the same time, there were nine daggers hovering behind him!

“Chichi~~”

The branches were breaking quickly.

The flying daggers easily cut through branch after branch. Soon enough, large amounts of dark golden willow tree branches covered Catalan. Catalan, whose entire body was covered by the Black God set, didn’t use his eyes to fight. Rather than his eyes, he uses his spiritual force that was spread out to a 100 meter radius to observe his surroundings.

“The dark golden branches aren’t easy to mess with” thought Luo Feng to himself from afar.

Indeed!

“Chichi~~” the hovering nine daggers struggled to cut through the dark golden branches.

“Hmph”

Catalan used the daggers in each hand and his extraordinary speed, PU! PU! PU! …… and cut a few dozen dark golden branches in one breath. Right when he did that, he instantly charged out of the encirclement. This scene shocked vulture Li Yao, and completely and absolutely stunned Luo Feng in the distance!

“Those dark golden branches are extremely tough. After I cut through one, I immediately retreated and went underground” Luo Feng was stunned.

He knew exactly how tough those dark golden branches were because he fought with them before!

“Even Li Yao can’t cut through a few dozen in a moment”

“How powerful are those daggers in his hands?”

“Oh yea, the daggers controlled by his spiritual force seemed to struggle with those dark golden branches. It looks like his spiritual force isn’t much stronger than mine” thought Luo Feng to himself, “But, those two daggers in his hands are way more powerful! This shows that he probably can bring out an astonishing amount of strength through his force exertions”

Advanced wargod levels, especially those at the peak of the advanced level, have fist strengths of around 400,000 to 500,000 kg.

With force exertions of 2x to 3x multipliers, their fist strengths can reach a million kg.

And what if the multiplier reaches 5x to 6x?

“His fitness level is probably at the advanced level wargod level, and his force exertions are high. Adding his spiritual force to that–” Luo Feng nodded to himself. With his body’s power and his spiritual force added together, stunning results can be produced!

At the exact instant he charged out the encirclement and approached the willow tree king.

“OPEN!”

The daggers in his hand cruelly slashed into the trunk of the willow tree king. Chichi~~ the daggers were only able to slash through six to seven cm before stopping. Little drops of green fluid slowly seeped out of the trunk’s wound.

“BOOM~~”

The originally spread out dark golden branches that were after the other people were finally enraged. Nearly 10,000 willow tree branches crazily danced as they surrounded Catalan from every direction.

“Whoosh!”

Catalan ferociously charged outwards as he swung his hands at the same time!

Whoosh! Whoosh!

The two black arms suddenly enlarged, giving Catalan a pair of seven to eight meter long black arms. Both of his black hands held daggers as they swung towards the willow branches! As if they were opening a door, the seven to eight meter long black arms directly split apart the willow tree branches into two sides!

Whoosh!

Catalan instantly dashed out. Even though the dark golden branches immediately wrapped around the black arms, the black arms instantly slipped out of the large amounts of dark golden branches like noodles.

“Alright, the trunk is quite tough!”

Catalan stood around 100 meters away from the willow tree king. He walked around the other willow trees and, while doing so, a silverish gray javelin appeared in his hand.

“Break through!!!”

Catalan’s face was fierce as he let out a roar. He held the silverish gray javelin with one hand and his entire body instantly turned into the shape of a bow. His right arm’s biceps bulged through the black skin. On the tip of the silverish gray javelin were some screw threads. He then threw it like lightning while sprinting!

Whoosh!

A stream of lightning!

A rotating stream of lightning! That javelin was indeed rotating as it flew!

The large amounts of dark golden branches wanted to block it, but the javelin was way too fast, probably surpassing mach 10. Only three dark golden branches managed to touch it, and then the stream of light stabbed into the willow tree king’s trunk.

“BUZZ~~” as if drilling through a wooden plank, it blew up ferociously.

Chichi!

The entire javelin sank into the willow tree king’s trunk, and a little bit of the tip of the javelin even popped out of the other side.

“Catalan’s Phantom Eye and Phantom Strike, just what you’d expect from his two world famous ultimate moves” Li Yao couldn’t help but to tremble a bit, “Combining his body’s power and his spiritual force to create an attack like a phantom demon….. incredible. The power of this attack might even barely reach the level of the existences surpassing the wargod level!”

Luo Feng gasped as he watched from afar.

He never would’ve thought that…..

Such powerful wargods could exist. Catalan’s slash with his dagger just now couldn’t even cut through 10 cm, and the willow tree king’s diameter is 3 meters. But now, Catalan’s javelin actually managed to pierce through the entire trunk!

Messed up! Too terrifying!

“RUMBLE~~” the entire willow tree king started shaking crazily and, at the same time, the dark golden branches started crazily dancing as they surrounded Catalan.

“Attack the other willow trees” roared Catalan.

“Okay”

Vulture Li Yao, Great Bear Keita, and Blood Shadow Ethan all surrounded a willow tree on the side. Without the help from the willow tree king…… this willow tree with a diameter of only 1.8 meters had no chance against these three powerful fighters. Only after a few seconds, BOOM, the gigantic willow tree fell.

“Take the thousand year willow heart” Li Yao, Keita, and Ethan simultaneously smashed the trunk.

BOOM~~~

Woodchips flew up and a heartmoving green piece flew up with them.

“It’s the thousand year willow heart” Li Yao and the others were overjoyed.

…..

Luo Feng also saw that green thing. Since Li Yao and the others weren’t attacking the trunk anymore and were charging at the green thing, one could conclude– that’s the thousand year willow heart! Furthermore, Luo Feng had already seen a photo of the thousand year willow heart on the wargod discussion boards.

“A thousand year willow heart that can raise fitness level and regeneration, and it’s a spirit of nature from a willow tree with a diameter of 1.8 meters”

Luo Feng’s eyes let out a light that has never been let out before.

“That’s mine!!!”

Whoosh!

The formless spiritual force instantly extended. It extended so quickly that its speed was comparable to teleportation. The spiritual force instantly wrapped around the thousand year willow heart! As it wrapped around….. Luo Feng’s spiritual force naturally invaded the area where Catalan’s spiritual force was spread out, so Catalan found out.

Whoosh!

With the spiritual force, it instantly retracted! The green thing instantly flew towards Luo Feng.

“Spirit reader!” Catalan’s spiritual force discovered Luo Feng’s spiritual force. However, it still took him a very short time to react to the fact that there’s a spirit reader here.

And right in that short instant–

The green light was only 80 meters away from Luo Feng.

“Retract” Catalan also tried to pull it back using his spiritual force.

“Peng!”

The two formless spiritual forces collided.

Whoosh!

The green light immediately flew into the bush where Luo Feng was, and Luo Feng immediately dug underground as fast as possible.

“Thousand year willow heart!” Li Yao, Keita, and Ethan all charged over.

Catalan also flew over.

The four powerful fighters stood on the grass as they looked at the inconspicuous hole in front of them.

“The thousand year willow heart was stolen” Keita and Ethan were enraged.

“How come there are still people here?” Catalan looked towards Li Yao with anger, “And he’s a spirit reader. His spiritual force is probably nearing the advanced level wargod level”

“It’s Luo Feng, it’s Luo Feng” followed Li Yao.

“Luo Feng, he’s…… that Luo Feng from the elite training camp?” asked Catalan.

“Yes, yes, it’s him. He has a grudge with me. Truthfully, I came here to chase after him, but I didn’t think I would be able to discover all of these spirits of nature” replied Li Yao.

Catalan’s face wasn’t looking good at all.

“Catalan, you’re a spirit reader too. You can probably catch him?”

“Go underground to chase after a spirit reader who’s basically an advanced level wargod?” Catalan sneered as he glanced at him, “You think that spiritual force is that easy to train? All these years, my body fitness level has been at the peak of the advanced level wargod level, but my spiritual force has been improving extremely slowly”

When Catalan was young, he had his growth period as a spirit reader. When Catalan reached the ‘beginner wargod level spirit reader’ level, it stopped.

After that, he had to train by himself.

Sadly……

Training spiritual force is many times harder than training the body. After all these years, Catalan’s fitness level has already reached the peak of the advanced level wargod level, but his spiritual force is only at the peak of the intermediate level wargod level! However, his spiritual force and his strength combined gives him incredibly horrifying strength.

Which is how he got the name Phantom Demon!

“Go underground to chase a advanced level wargod level spirit reader? Even existences surpassing the wargod level won’t say such a thing” Catalan commanded, “Now, Keita, patrol the area and don’t allow that person to come near again. Li Yao and Ethan, you two and me will swiftly get rid of these spirit of natures”

Yes”

Everyone nodded, and Li Yao could only clench his teeth as he held his anger in.

“Not good” Catalan’s face changed, “That Luo Feng must’ve heard what we said before, so he knows that these are all spirits of nature…… he’ll definitely contact the Dojo of Limits!”

“Dojo of Limits?”

Everyone’s face changed dramatically, and Catalan glanced at Li Yao with anger.

“Hurry, the Dojo of Limits will probably need at least three hours to get here. But to be safe, let’s all hurry up and gather the spirits of nature and leave within two hours” commanded Catalan, “No matter how many we get, we definitely have to leave within two hours”

“Yes”

At this time, Li Yao didn’t dare to say anything more; everyone was in a panic.

……

Luo Feng, who was digging underground with astonishing speed, continued to dig past the rocky layer!

“Thousand year willow heart” Luo Feng grasped the thousand year willow heart with extreme passion and excitement.


Chapter 154: The Dark Golden Ball, Shattered

Luo Feng pierced through layer after layer of rock as he continuously dug down, completely surpassing the depth of the original cave where he originally rested. He kept digging down as if his life depended on it….. after Luo Feng digs past an area, the dirt and rock that was separated will automatically close itself. Because of this, it was hard to discover Luo Feng’s tracks.

“That Catalan is extremely powerful. I should keep digging deeper so it’ll be harder for him to find me” Luo Feng kept digging down.

“Wait”

“When I fought over the thousand year willow heart, my spiritual force met with Catalan’s spiritual force. His spiritual force seemed to be slightly weaker than mine” after Luo Feng thought of this, his speed unconsciously slowed down.

PENG!

Around 2,000 to 3,000 meters underground above an underground river, an image broke through the boulders and directly fell into the dark, underground river.

“PU!”

Luo Feng leaped up and landed on a rock beside the dark river.

“There’s actually a river like this so deep underground” Luo feng stood on the rock as he looked around the dark river…… it was quite black and turbulent. The river was around 15 to 20 meters wide and there was basically nowhere to stand on in this entire tunnel where the river flowed.

“There doesn’t seem to be any water type monsters in this underground river” Luo Feng didn’t find any.

“I wonder where this river leads to?”

Luo Feng stood on the rock as he looked around and then shook his head. He then smashed into the rocky wall beside him. To Luo Feng, those rocks were as soft as tofu. After smashing open a huge hole, three black throwing knives led the way in front and Luo Feng quickly opened up a cave that was around 20 to 30 meters away.

This cave was only 20 to 30 meters away from the underground river.

“Thousand year willow heart” Luo Feng opened up his clenched left hand and looked at the green egg-shaped crystal. This green crystal’s structure was quite odd. It seemed as if there was a green liquid rippling inside the crystal. The sight of this thousand year willow heart was stunning.

Luo Feng felt refreshed as he held this crystal.

The thousand willow heart can increase regeneration and fitness level.

For Luo feng right now, this is probably the best treasure. Even if you give him something even better….. it’ll be a waste to Luo Feng, because Luo Feng isn’t that far away from the peak of the wargod level! Even if you give him a ten thousand year willow heart…… Luo Feng will still stay at the peak of the wargod level.

From the peak of the wargod level to an existence surpassing the wargod level…..

To cross over this one step!

Extremely difficult. This is also why quite a few people are stuck at the advanced level wargod level.

“How do I use this thousand year willow heart?” thought Luo Feng to himself, “That post said you eat it, but….. is that really true? Maybe that post was lying”

The thousand year willow heart itself was extremely tough.

Even a sharp blade would have trouble destroying it; you can eat something like this?

“If you consume dragon blood, you’ll die. And what about this thousand year willow heart?” Luo Feng slightly frowned. It’s a good thing he got this treasure, but he at least needs to know how to use it. If he uses it incorrectly, then he might bring about a disaster instead of a blessing!

After hesitating……

Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at his tactical communications watch and then called a number.

“Beep–Beep–Beep–”

Suddenly–

“Hello” a low voice rose.

“Hello, I am Luo Feng from the elite training camp” replied Luo Feng. This number is indeed the number he used to contact the insides of the Dojo of Limits. Whether to just contact them or to ask for his rewards, he used this number. And now that he doesn’t know how to use the thousand year willow heart….. after thinking a bit, he decided to ask.

After he uses it, his strength will fly up, so the dojo will definitely know he used it.

If so, then there’s no need to hide it, since he stole it from someone else anyway.

“What do you need?” asked the low voice.

“I want to ask, how are you supposed to use the thousand year willow heart?” asked Luo Feng.

The other side went silent.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to worry.

After a while, the sound came: “The crystalline outside of the thousand year willow heart is extraordinarily tough. The liquid inside is the thing you want. To use this, you pierce through the outside and then drink the liquid inside. Beware….. do not swallow the crystal part”

Luo Feng let out a sigh of a relief, good thing he asked.

The post in the wargod discussion board only said consume it, but didn’t say how to consume it….. if he foolishly swallowed the entire crystal, he would’ve been in trouble.

“You’ll feel extremely comfortable while consuming it and there will be no pain at all. As for how much your strength improves and how long it takes to improve, it’s different for everyone” the low voice slowly continued, “Anything else?”

“No, thanks mister” said Luo Feng.

“Mister?” the low voice let out a rare laugh.

Beep!

The call ended.

“Yay!” under the weak light coming from the tactical communications watch under the dark cave, Luo Feng’s eyes were flashing like never before.

“My current strength isn’t too far away from Li Yao with his Black God set”

“However, after using the thousand year willow heart…..” Luo Feng was extremely excited. Ever since his astronomical bounty was released, he never dared to relax. The pressure caused him to bitterly train, and he never relaxed for even a bit in the elite training camp.

Maybe, the vulture scorpion couple is one of the reasons why he was able to get into the elite training camp and receive a gigantic reward like a portion of dragon blood.

If they didn’t give him any pressure, why would Luo Feng train so hard?

“Vulture, Scorpion, in the future, you two will fear me like I once feared you!” with a thought from Luo Feng.

Hu!

The green egg-shaped crystal floated in the air in front of him. At the same time, Luo Feng’s SS grade throwing knife drew across an arc as it directly stabbed into the surface of the green egg-shaped crystal. “PUCHI!” The tough crystalline outside was directly pierced through under Luo Feng’s deliberate attack.

Gugu~~

The liquid inside slowly flowed out from the crystal. However, this green liquid that was full of life was controlled by Luo Feng’s spiritual force and made to hover in front of him.

“Come”

Luo Feng opened his mouth, whoosh! This heart-moving essence of the thousand year willow heart that was filled with limitless vitality directly flew into Luo Feng’s mouth under the control of his spiritual force. Even though the entire crystal was about the size of an egg, the essence inside could probably only fill up a small cup.

He swallowed it all in one gulp. The essence flowed down his esophagus, which brought about a ‘cool, relaxing’ feeling around his entire body. It felt so good that it even seemed like his soul was shaking.

Feels good!

“The mysterious guy from the phone call said that there won’t be any pain at all when consuming the thousand year willow heart and will instead feel great. Looks like it’s true” Luo Feng lay in the rocky cave without moving as he clearly felt the changes undergoing in his body…… Luo Feng definitely won’t be able to forget the pain he went through when using the dragon blood.

Of course Luo Feng would be extremely happy when he can raise his strength without going through a painful experience.

“So comfortable”

“I can feel the changes in all the tendons, muscles, and bones in my body” Luo Feng lowered his head and, using the small amount of light coming from his tactical communications watch, saw the small yet startlingly fast vibrations on his skin with his naked eye. During this vibration, black stuff seeped out of the pores of his skin.

This feeling was quite magical…..

His entire body felt cool!

At the same time, it felt like all his skin and muscles have left their bones and went out of control. He could only feel the slight, incessant vibrations, as if it was a massage.

…..

And in Luo Feng’s body, the limitless vitality in the essence of the thousand year willow heart virtually instantly combined into every single part of Luo Feng’s body. This vitality caused amazing changes in the cells of Luo Feng’s bones and muscles. It was as if a small seedling was growing into a tree that could reach the sky.

At this moment–

The countless number of cells in Luo Feng’s body were undergoing startling changes. His genes were soaring to perfection as they abandoned the useless parts and recombined themselves. This process was extremely fast, and the genes that absorbed a bit of the thousand year willow heart changed in a special way.

Their liveliness was increasing rapidly.

With this liveliness, Luo Feng’s entire body was improving extremely quickly.

His tendons seemed to have completely transformed, and his skin and muscles were still changing dramatically. And yet, this process didn’t give Luo Feng even the slightest bit of pain. Luo Feng only felt relaxed, very relaxed, as if he was receiving a massage.

…..

In his realm of consciousness.

In his limitless realm of consciousness, the dark golden ball was currently rotating rapidly as it let out energy. The realm of consciousness was filled with mist and, in this neverending mist, large amounts of liquid were being produced, as if they were drops of dew. This rate of improvement has never been heard of before.

Luo Feng’s fitness level was improving!

And, as a result, his spiritual force crazily increased as his body was able to handle more!

Luo Feng’s fitness level went from the lowest level of a beginner level wargod level (fist strength of around 64,000 kg) ….. average beginner level wargod level (fist strength of around 96,000 kg) …… peak of the beginner level wargod level (fist strength approaching 128,000 kg) …… intermediate level wargod!

Going up step by step!

Right when his fitness level reached the ‘intermediate wargod level’, the dark golden ball in Luo Feng’s realm of consciousness rapidly expanded, and then “CRACK CRACK CRACK~~” the entire dark golden ball cracked open. Countless amounts of spiritual force directly flowed out as it filled the entire realm of consciousness.

A fitness level of intermediate level wargod level can practically withstand the maximum amount of spiritual force available to wargods!

His spiritual force increased rapidly!

Luo Feng’s fitness level continued to rise…..

After his transformation finally ended, Luo Feng quietly lay in the cave beside the underground river that was around 2,000 to 3,000 meters below the surface.

“The dark golden ball…… shattered…..”

Ever since his awakening, his future as a spirit reader was limitless!

He has always been worrying about how long his dark golden ball will last for….. keep in mind that many spirit readers end their growth period when they reach the advanced level warlord level or the beginner level wargod level. Spirit readers with growth periods that can sustain them to the advanced level wargod level can practically be counted on one hand.

“My realm of consciousness!” Luo Feng sank into his realm of consciousness. Before, when he was barely an advanced level wargod level spirit reader, his realm of consciousness were filled with a few droplets.

And now–

In the infinite realm of consciousness…..

The mist spread all the way to the horizons.

“RUMBLE~~” a raging liquid current was flowing in Luo Feng’s realm of consciousness like a galaxy. The amount of spiritual force contained within it was absolutely amazing. A few dark golden pieces could be seen within this “spiritual force liquid” galaxy.


Chapter 155: Wargod Luo Feng

In the cave that was 2,000 to 3,000 meters below the surface, Luo Feng opened his eyes as he lay.

“This transformation only took around half an hour” Luo Feng lowered his head and checked the time on his tactical communications watch. His face full of filth couldn’t help to let out a smile. Half an hour ago, he was an extremely powerful fighter in the circle of wargods, but there were still people like ‘Phantom Demon’ Catalan who were more powerful than him.

But now!

“BOOM!” Luo Feng randomly threw out a punch and caused the air to explode.

“A random punch is comparable to my punches in the past with force exertions. My body fitness level is at least intermediate level wargod level right now, and maybe even advanced level wargod level!” Luo Feng could only rely on his hazy feeling. He’s sure that he’s at least an intermediate level wargod, but would need a machine to test whether or not he’s at the advanced level wargod level.

He can’t be too sure about his fitness level…..

But, he can be absolutely and positively sure about his spiritual force.

“Peak of the wargod level!”

“A spirit reader at the peak of the wargod level” Luo Feng didn’t doubt this at all. His flowing, roaring galaxy in the realm of consciousness contained way more spiritual force than he had before. Keep in mind that he was already at bottom of the ‘advanced level wargod level’ before. After improving so much, of course he’ll be at the peak of the wargod level!

Powerful!

A feeling of unrivaled power!

“One thing that’s known by all is that spirit readers at the peak of the wargod level are invincible in the wargod level” Luo Feng let out a smile, “Alright, I’ll wash up first and then check out Li Yao, Catalan, and the others….. I’ll also end my grudge that I’ve been having with Li Yao all these years”

Whoosh!

Luo Feng went along the tunnel as he charged towards the rock beside the underground river. He used his spiritual force to float a gigantic ball of water in front of him as he swiftly cleaned his entire body and his battle uniform set!

“Time to go!”

In just three minutes, Luo Feng ferociously soared up.

RUMBLE~~ He broke past layer after layer of rock as he swiftly charged towards the surface.

It was still night time in the misty island; mist emanated everywhere.

“PU!” after charging out the surface.

“There are sounds of people fighting over there”

Luo Feng smiled as he walked over step by step, he was indeed headed towards the direction of the nine willow trees, “Who would’ve thought that they still haven’t been able to cut all the willow trees down in half an hour”

The place where he popped out of was at least 1,000 meters away from the nine willow trees.

However, on the extremely silent island, the crazy attacks of Catalan, Li Yao, etc. produced sonic booms, which made it easy for Luo Feng to find them.

“Oh!” Luo Feng looked closely.

As of now, eight out of nine willow trees have fallen and the ‘thousand year willow hearts’ have been taken out of their split trunks. The only one remaining was the willow tree king! The willow tree king with a trunk that’s over three meters in diameter. There were already six javelins stuck in the main trunk of the willow tree king.

The willow tree king had hundreds of dark golden branches surrounding the six javelins.

“Catalan’s six javelins are all inside the willow tree king’s trunk” Luo Feng watched from afar. After his transformation, his sight improved by a lot, at least 2x better than before, “The javelins are stuck in the trunk and are wrapped around by the dark golden branches, so it’ll be hard to retrieve them”

And the three people with Black God sets, Catalan, Li Yao, and Ethan, were currently crazily attacking.

“The willow tree king’s trunk is damaged and weakened, hurry!” Catalan, who had some traces of blood on the side of his mouth, yelled. The daggers in his two hands crazily danced. The dark golden branches were much slower than before, so Catalan slashed through a huge amount of dark golden branches. However….. there were just too many.

“BREAK!” roared Li Yao.

“YAYAYA!” Ethan crazily howled. As if a whirlwind was closing into the willow tree king, large amounts of dark golden branches broke!

The trunk was damaged and the speed and power of the branches were clearly weakened by around 60 to 70%. Only their toughness remained!

After weakening so much, Catalan, Li Yao, and Ethan just need time to break all of those dark golden branches! Even though these branches are long, liquid will leak out of them once they’re cut. When this happens, their power lowers and become even weaker than regular branches.

“Hurry, while we still have time” Catalan’s eyes flashed as he yelled in a hurry, “After cutting down this willow tree king, we still need to go get the other spirits of nature”

“Ok”

“Understood’

Li Yao and Ethan were giving all they had as they cut down branch after branch. As for Keita, he was still patrolling the area….. but because of the night and the mist, Keita had a difficult time discovering Luo Feng, who was hiding in a bush over 200 meters away.

“Haha, broke them, broke them all”

“Haha”

There was lots of laughter. Even though there were so many dark golden branches, they couldn’t stand against the crazy attacks of three advanced level wargods. Finally, all of the dark golden branches were broken, liquid leaking out of each of them. The damaged dark golden branches were weakened greatly, so they no longer posed a threat to the advanced level wargods.

“Attack the trunk”

“Cut it down!”

Catalan, Li Yao, and Ethan crazily charged.

“Keita, come” yelled Catalan.

“Coming” the savage brute Keita also excitedly charged over to help.

The gigantic willow tree king with a trunk of over three meters in diameter couldn’t fight back at all. Since it couldn’t move, it could only let the four humans attack it! After pulling out the six javelins, Catalan started crazily cutting at the places the javelins pierced. Clearly, attacking from the inside makes it easier.

After they cut over and over again, the toughness of the willow tree king’s trunk seemed to lower.

“Chichi~~” the large amounts of willow branches started withering swiftly. The entire trunk of the willow tree king started rapidly losing its vitality. Even the naked eye could see how quickly it was losing its life. As it lost its life, its defensive capabilities clearly weakened.

BOOM!

The entire willow tree king slowly fell over. The gigantic willow tree king smashed into some trees and plants beside it, and with a rumble, it fell onto the ground of the misty island.

“Haha, finally succeeded”

“Hurry, find the ten thousand year willow heart” Catalan and the others were extremely excited. They spent over 10 times more effort to cut down this one willow tree king than to cut down all the other eight willow trees combined!

Luo Feng has already observed for over 10 minutes in the distance.

“Hehe…..”

“Good thing my transformation only took 30 minutes so I could see them cut down the willow tree king in time” Luo Feng let out a smile, “The people from the Dojo of Limits haven’t arrived yet, but no problem!”. After his transformation underground, Luo Feng’s strength improved greatly. Right now, he desperately wanted to test his skills.

The rumbling wouldn’t stop!

Those group of people were currently slashing at the trunk of the willow tree king.

“Hurry, hurry and find it” Catalan and the others wanted to find the ten thousand year willow heart in the trunk.

“Hm?” Catalan’s spread out spiritual force felt someone enter. He couldn’t help but to be shocked as he turned his head. What was seen 100 meters away was Luo Feng in his battle uniform carrying his shield and holding a ghost blade. He slowly walked out of the mist of the night as he headed towards them.

Keita, Ethan, and Li Yao also discovered this.

“LUO FENG!!!” Li Yao’s eyes immediately bursted with ferocity.

“Long time no see” Luo Feng smiled as he looked at Li Yao.

Catalan looked at Luo Feng as he sneered. With his accented Chinese: “Luo Feng? If you hid underground, with your abilities as a spirit reader, even I wouldn’t be able to catch you. And yet you surfaced, how foolish”. Great Bear Keita and Blood Shadow Ethan also sneered.

Nobody in Catalan’s trio is weaker than Li Yao!

The three of them with Li Yao, would this combination of four….. fear Luo Feng?

“Or could it be that you used the thousand year willow heart and became a spirit reader at the peak of the advanced level wargod level?” sneered Catalan. He was a spirit reader, so he was clear: Spirit readers were rare in the first place, and most spirit readers’ growth period only lasted them to the advanced level warlord level.

It would be quite good to last until the beginner level wargod level.

Intermediate level wargod level spirit readers were quite rare.

As for advanced level wargod ones, they could be counted on one hand.

A spirit reader that rapidly grew until the peak of the wargod level? Even if you look across the entire world, you would find one? or two? Nobody knows.

“Thanks for helping me cut down the willow tree king” smiled Luo Feng, “That saved me a lot of effort”

BOOM!

He left behind an afterimage as he charged towards the willow tree king.

“KILL HIM!” roared Catalan.

“LUO FENG!!!” Li Yao roared as he charged first with his blades in both hands. There seemed to be a burning fire in his eyes.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Six throwing knives!

Like six black lightning bolts, even Li Yao couldn’t dodge them under this distance. But why would Li Yao dodge? He was completely covered in black and only his eyes and nose were slightly revealed. With his ability, he definitely wouldn’t allow anyone to hit such a small target.

The Black God set!

Even emperor level monsters have difficulty piercing through the Black God set! The only way to kill a wargod wearing a Black God set is with impacts. Even if you can’t pierce through the Black God set, the force of impact can shatter the target’s organs.

“RUMBLE~~~”

Six throwing knives all hit Li Yao!

Luo Feng, who was at the peak of the advanced level wargod level, possessed incredible and horrifying strength. After using the dragon blood back then, the fist strength testing machine displayed that his throwing knives had a force of impact of around 220,000 kg. And now– the force of impact of one throwing knife surpassed 500,000 kg!

One throwing knife, over 500,000 kg!

Six throwing knives!

Added together, is over 3,000,000 kg! Spirit readers’ advantage reside in their peculiar attacks. However….. at the peak of the advanced level wargod level, just the pure force of impact has reached an incredible point! This is basically the strength of someone with a fist strength of 500,000 kg with a 6x multiplier of a fighter at the peak of the wargod level.

“BOOM!”

Li Yao was blown off his feet and flew backwards at a startling speed. At the same time, he smashed into Blood Shadow Ethan behind him and even tumbled a few times in the air as he flew a few hundred meters away.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The six throwing knives that were as fast as lightning and as heavy as mountains smashed Phantom Demon Catalan, whose face was full of shock, away.

“Hmph!”

Luo Feng landed beside the willow tree trunk and his six throwing knives crazily smashed the trunk. The trunk already lost most of its vitality and was extremely weak, so it quickly blew up. A green thing with hints of gold flew up and was immediately wrapped around by Luo Feng’s spiritual force as his spiritual force retrieved it.


Chapter 156: Attacking a Turtle

This was an oval shaped crystal that was as large as a fist. Inside the crystal flowed some green stuff with hints of gold in it. Just looking at it would move one’s heart. “Ten thousand year willow heart!” Luo Feng slightly smiled as he swiftly put the ten thousand year willow heart into the pockets of his battle uniform.

“Li Yao! You’re not getting away!” Luo Feng laughed loudly.

BOOM!

The sound of a sonic boom rose, and Luo Feng charged at an incredible speed towards the place where Li Yao landed! As of now, Luo Feng’s maximum speed was around 500 m/s. Once he adds his spiritual force that’s at the peak of the wargod level, Luo Feng’s speed can reach up to 700 m/s!

In the distance.

Li Yao, Catalan, Keita, and Ethan were running like mad.

“That Luo Feng is chasing after us” Catalan’s face changed.

“Luo Feng” Li Yao was extremely regretful. He never would’ve thought that Luo Feng, who he could’ve squished like an ant in the past, would grow to such a point so quickly. Li Yao hurriedly said while sprinting: “Catalan, the four of us can cooperate and get rid of this Luo Feng!”

“Sorry”

Catalan slightly smiled and then signalled with his eyes towards Keita and Ethan. The three of them have been through who knows how many battles together, so of course they understood what Catalan meant.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Phantom Demon Catalan, Blood Shadow Ethan, and Great Bear Keita. These three powerful fighters made a sharp turn to the left at virtually the exact same time as they sprinted away. They split up with Li Yao in an instant! Keep in mind that their speed is over 600 m/s, so by the time Li Yao even reacted, the distance between them was already over 500 to 600 meters.

And Luo Feng was already coming!

“Bastards, bunch of idiots” Li Yao cursed in his heart. And Luo Feng was approaching extremely quickly.

“This Luo Feng, this Luo Feng’s speed….. is actually a bit faster than mine” Li Yao grieved as he clenched his teeth.

…..

Catalan and the others started slowing down after splitting up with Li Yao.

“Phew” Catalan let out a sigh of relief.

“That Luo Feng really did go after Li Yao and not us” Catalan looked behind him and spoke in English. His spiritual force strived to release to a distance of 150 meters and discovered nothing. Blood Shadow Ethan sneered on the side: “That Li Yao was looking for it!”

The sonic booms in the quiet night were especially obvious.

“Catalan, how come we aren’t helping Li Yao?” frowned Great Bear Keita.

“Help him, why would we help him?” scoffed Catalan. After that, he became serious, “Keita, even if we wanted to help him, we can’t. You need to understand that Luo Feng is definitely a spirit reader at the peak of the advanced level wargod level, an invincible existence in the advanced level wargod level!”

Great Bear Keita and Blood Shadow Ethan looked at Catalan with surprise. Ethan couldn’t help but to say: “Catalan, even you aren’t his opponent?”

“For my Phantom Strike, a spirit reader just has to slightly push my javelin to the side with his spiritual force, thus breaking the move. As for my Phantom Eye….. this is a type of attack using spiritual force. Luo Feng’s spiritual force is stronger than mine, so not only will I not be able to injure him, I’ll just end up injuring myself” Catalan’s face wasn’t looking good.

“Then if we work together?” followed Great Bear Keita.

“Yea, let’s all go for it” Ethan’s gaze turned cold.

“Against a spirit reader, numbers don’t mean anything” Catalan slightly shook his head, “I’ve already confirmed that this Luo Feng is a spirit reader at the peak of the advanced level wargod level. Don’t mess with him in the future”

“Okay” Keita and Ethan slightly nodded.

“Let’s use our time to get some more spirits of nature and then leave with our fighter jet” said Catalan quietly, “Remember, we don’t have to walk too quickly. Don’t make too much noise, or else Luo Feng might come after us when he hears us”

Keita and Ethan nodded seriously.

Catalan sighed to himself: “Another invincible wargod has appeared in the circle of wargods”

An invincible wargod…..

Is a special title given to a powerful fighter in the circle of wargods. Catalan’s position in the circle of wargods is extremely, extremely high, much higher than Li Yao’s. However, he hasn’t received the title of ‘invincible wargod’. And even though vulture Li Yao has a Black God set, that’s only good for defending.

If your attack power is lacking, you don’t have the right to be named ‘invincible wargod’.

“RUMBLE~~” Plants shattered in the places Li Yao passed, who was sprinting as fast as he could.

Escape!

There was only one word on Li Yao’s mind– escape! Ever since he suffered the attack of Luo Feng’s six throwing knives, Li Yao was clear of the distance between him and Luo Feng….. Even Phantom Demon Catalan ran away from Luo Feng, so what can Li Yao do other than run?

“Li Yao!” Luo Feng’s body was like a mirage and his eyes were like lightning.

“Die!”

Six black lights instantly shot out from Luo Feng and flew way faster than Luo Feng and Li Yao’s sprinting speed. These six black lights instantly covered the distance between them, which was less than 50 meters. Before Li Yao even had the chance to dodge, the six throwing knives smashed into him.

Each throwing knife was like a small mountain!

Each throwing knife had an astonishing amount of piercing power!

The black membrane on Li Yao’s body slightly sank, but wasn’t pierced by the throwing knives. However, the horrifying force of impact from the six throwing knives wasn’t to be taken lightly.

“RUMBLE~~” Li Yao was blasted away but swiftly started sprinting away again. He actually used this force of impact to increase the distance between him and Luo Feng.

“What’s going on?”

Seeing how the distance between them just increased, Luo Feng’s face changed, “Adding the first time I attacked him, this is the third time. Three attacks….. how is this Li Yao not dead? Or at least on the ground from his injuries?”. Six throwing knives, each one with a force of impact of over 500,000 kg!

Six throwing knives, over 3,000,000 kg in total!

And he attacked Li Yao with this horrifying force three times!

Even the most powerful wargods would turn into a pile of meat after getting hit with such a force three times. Yet, vulture Li Yao was still sprinting as fast as he could, his speed not even dropping in the slightest.

“Could it be….. could it be because of his Black God set?”

“Is the Black God set that great?” Luo Feng frowned.

…..

“Thankfully I have my Black God set, or else I would’ve died already” a bit of blood could be seen at the side of Li Yao’s mouth as he sprinted as fast as possible. However, his powerful body was swiftly recovering. Li Yao only needs a bit of time to recover most of the injuries he receives from Luo Feng’s attacks, so all the way until now–

Li Yao only spit out a few mouthfuls of blood.

“The defensive capabilities of the Black God set is incredible. No wonder even emperor level monsters can’t pierce through it and can only rely on impacts” thought Li Yao to himself.

The Black God set was extremely mysterious.

The material it’s made out of is extremely tough!

Its toughness means that no matter how sharp a weapon is, it’ll never be able to pierce through! And not only this….. any force of impact, after being transferred through the Black God set, will weaken by 90%! In other words, after going through the Black God set, only 300,000 kg of the original 3,000,000 kg actually hits Li Yao’s body.

And this 300,000 kg is spread out across Li Yao’s entire body.

If a force of impact of 300,000 kg was focused on a single spot, it would gravely injure an advanced level wargod. But once it’s spread out across the entire body, then Li Yao doesn’t care anymore!

There is a saying–

Other than existences surpassing the wargod level, emperor level monsters, and laser cannons, there is nothing that can kill a wargod wearing a Black God set! This is praising the miraculous defensive capabilities of the ‘Black God set’….. of course, there are some exaggerations here. For example, Li Yao almost died when he was stuck under the lake because he couldn’t breathe!

In conclusion, the defensive capabilities of the Black God set is incredible!

…..

The six throwing knives hit Li Yao once again. This time….. Li Yao didn’t use the force of impact to run in a straight line, but used it to make a sharp turn instead! And Luo Feng, who has been chasing for a while, thought that Li Yao would keep running in a straight line, so he continued to charge forward.

By the time he came back, the distance between the two of them has already surpassed Luo Feng’s spiritual force’s range because of their amazing speed.

“Hmph!” Luo Feng was mad.

But Luo Feng was clear….. he landed six blows on Li Yao but wasn’t able to kill him!

“This Black God set sure is amazing. Even though I can beat this Li Yao, killing him is trouble” thought Luo Feng to himself.

“I’ll make a net when I go back! A SS grade net!”

“I’ll use my spiritual force to control the net and catch this Li Yao. Hmph, if I can’t kill him, then I’ll tie him up! When that happens, I won’t give him anything to drink or eat! I’ll even throw him into water and kill him like that!” thought Luo Feng to himself. There was no other way…..

He could only rely on this simple method!

Tie him up and either starve him to death or suffocate him.

As for killing a wargod with a Black God set upfront, even Luo Feng can’t do that unless they take off their Black God set.

“This Li Yao sure is sneaky, not making any sound at all” Luo Feng listened carefully and tried to find his tracks via sound.

Whoosh!

Luo Feng leaped into the air and stepped onto his shield. He instantly flew up to an altitude of 100 to 200 meters.

He looked down from above and spread out his spiritual force while listening closely.

“BOOM!”

A weak sound carried from afar.

“Hm? There’s a sound!” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed and, with a thought, instantly flew over there.

He drew across an arc as he landed.

At this moment, Phantom Demon Catalan, Great Bear Keita, and Blood Shadow Ethan were currently surrounding two golden yellow weeds as they swiftly dug the dirt beneath them.

“Hey, what’re you guys up to?” a sound rose.

Phantom Demon Catalan and the others’ faces changed. They turned their heads…… Luo Feng, who was standing on his shield, slowly descended as he smiled at Catalan and the others. Phantom Demon Catalan and the others cursed in their hearts, wasn’t this Luo Feng supposed to be chasing that Li Yao? Even if they made some sounds, they shouldn’t have attracted Luo Feng.

They didn’t want to make any sounds at all, but how can you not make any sounds when fighting with spirits of nature?

“Go!” howled Catalan.

The three of them immediately sprinted away.

“Hmph, that Li Yao has a Black God set, so I can’t attack a turtle with its head tucked in. Two out of the three of you have Black God sets, but after all…… one of you don’t” Luo Feng’s gaze locked onto the savage brute– Great Bear Keita, and let out a smile.

Whoosh!

He directly chased after Great Bear Keita!


Chapter 157: Existence Surpassing the Wargod Level

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng!” This large, savage brute Keita yelled in his accented Chinese.

“Whoosh!”

Luo Feng also stopped out of surprise as he stood beside him. He looked at this famous Great Bear Keita with interest: “You’re not going to run away?”

Great Bear Keita laughed helplessly as he said in his accented Chinese: “Luo Feng, my, my strength, isn’t comparable to yours. I, admit defeat! I, am willing to give, all the, spirits of nature, to you!”

“Hehe” Luo Feng smiled out of surprise.

This Great Bear Keita sure is interesting!

But Great Bear Keita was laughing bitterly inside. When he talked with Phantom Demon Catalan, he learned that Luo Feng was already a spirit reader at the peak of the advanced level wargod level, a fighter worthy of the title ‘invincible wargod’. A fighter at this level….. can shake the higher ups of any area with just one word.

And if he wanted to kill Keita?

Six throwing knives can instantly blast Great Bear Keita into mush; Keita didn’t have a Black God set.

“Good, I know that you have two spirits of nature in your bag. Hand them over” smiled Luo Feng, “I won’t kill you”

“Okay” Great Bear Keita wasn’t shocked that Luo Feng knew how many spirits of nature he had.

With his spiritual force, could Luo Feng not know what treasures Great Bear Keita had?

“Catch” Great Bear Keita took out the 2 thousand year willow hearts and directly tossed them towards Luo Feng.

“Good” Luo Feng smiled as his spiritual force wrapped around both thousand year willow hearts and placed them next to his ten thousand year willow heart….. in the pocket of his battle uniform.

Great Bear Keita slightly smiled: “Then I’ll be going first. If you ever go to Europe and need something, you can come find me. We better have some drinks next time in the virtual space’s Palace of Wargods” after saying that, Great Bear Keita swiftly left.

“Quite passionate aren’t you?” Luo Feng laughed.

“The virtual space’s Palace of Wargods?” Luo Feng knew….. that anyone with the title of wargod on earth can join the Palace of Wargods. This Palace of Wargods was built by fighters like Hong and Thunder God back then. Now he learned that the Palace of Wargods is actually in the virtual space.

Wise Keita handed him both of the thousand year willow hearts he had, so Luo Feng was in quite a good mood.

Above the misty island.

Luo Feng stood on his shield at an altitude of 200 meters in the sky as he looked down on the entire misty island. At the same time, his spiritual force extended and tried to find Li Yao.

“This Li Yao sure can hide carefully. He isn’t making any sound at all. My spiritual force can’t find him either” Luo Feng frowned as he stood on his shield, his face was quite helpless.

Suddenly–

“Hm?” Luo Feng turned his head over.

In the distance, a blazing red light swiftly flew over from the horizon, as if it was an asteroid. In the dark night, this blazing red light was quite conspicuous.

Whoosh!

The blazing red light stopped in front of Luo Feng, and it turned out to be a white man with curled, brown hair in a battle uniform set. While this white man hovered in the air, the air around him seemed to twist. A bit of fire was burning on his body. The man in fire looked at Luo Feng and spoke in English: “Who are you?”

Luo Feng was shocked.

Fire on his body? Flying? This is definitely an existence surpassing the wargod level!

“I’m Luo Feng, from the Dojo of Limits” Luo Feng stood on his shield and slightly bowed in midair to show his respect.

“Luo Feng?” This man in fire slightly nodded and then ferociously yelled, “Catalan, the four of you come out!” His vigorous voice swiftly carried around the entire island.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

A bunch of sonic booms immediately sounded around the entire misty island. Soon enough, Luo Feng’s spiritual force discovered the four people gathered below– Phantom Demon Catalan, Vulture Li Yao, Blood Shadow Ethan, and Great Bear Keita.

“Representative Farr!”

“Representative Farr!”

The four people below respectfully gave their greetings. Phantom Demon Catalan and the others looked towards the fighter coated in flames in the night sky and were startled….. right after Luo Feng stole the thousand year willow heart, Phantom Demon Catalan immediately contacted his teacher! His teacher contacted existences surpassing the wargod level!

But who would’ve thought…..

That someone would arrive so quickly.

“I just happened to be training myself in the continent of Australia. Right when your teacher contacted me, I rushed here as fast as possible” representative Farr, who was coated in flames, smiled as he said, “How goes your spirit of nature harvest?”

“Representative Farr”

Li Yao yelled in English, “The most valuable ten thousand year willow heart we found was stolen by this Luo Feng. He also stole 3 thousand year willow hearts!”

…..

In the night, Luo Feng’s face slightly changed as he hovered in midair.

“Luo Feng” representative Farr looked towards Luo Feng and his eyes became cold, “Hand over the ten thousand year willow heart and the 3 thousand year willow hearts”

Whoosh!

Luo Feng turned and ran!

“Want to run?” representative Farr instantly turned into a flowing red light as he chased. Even though representative Farr was an existence surpassing the wargod level, all wargods and existences surpassing the wargod level were members of the Palace of Wargods! There are rules in the Palace of Wargods. One of those rules is that, unless they have a good enough reason, existences surpassing the wargod level are not allowed to kill wargods.

Furthermore, Luo Feng comes from the Dojo of Limits!

Existences surpassing the wargod level all over the world wouldn’t easily mess with the Dojo of Limits. Even though he won’t kill anyone….. representative Farr definitely needs to retrieve the ten thousand year willow heart.

“Hm?”

The face of representative Farr, who transformed into flames, suddenly changed as he accelerated. However, the distance between him and Luo Feng didn’t shorten, but lengthened instead.

“As I thought!”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to let out a smile as he rapidly flew forwards and turned his head back, “This representative Farr’s flying speed isn’t as fast as mine! When he flew over here just now, I felt that his flying speed was around half of my maximum speed. And now, it seems that even when he goes all out, he’s still slower than me by quite a bit”

…..

BOOM!

Representative Farr, whose body was surrounded by flames, rapidly descended to the misty island. Li Yao and the others were shocked….. looks like representative Farr wasn’t able to catch Luo Feng.

“Hurry, we’ll split up and search for spirits of nature. If you can’t deal with something, contact me immediately” yelled representative Farr.

“Yes”

Catalan and the others immediately sprinted into the depths of the misty island.

While sprinting, Li Yao couldn’t help but to ask: “Catalan, how come representative Farr couldn’t catch up to Luo Feng?”

“Existences surpassing the wargod level are way more powerful than wargods” said Catalan lowly, “However….. in midair, they have nowhere to use their power! If they sprint on the ground, they are astonishingly fast. As for flying….. even though existences surpassing the wargod level can fly, their flying speed is way slower than their speed on land”

Li Yao, Keita, and Ethan came to a realization.

Back when Luo Feng stole the first thousand year willow heart, Catalan has already said….. even existences surpassing the wargod level wouldn’t chase an advanced level wargod level spirit reader underground.

Indeed–

Existences surpassing the wargod level are extremely powerful. But within reason!

If they were on land, they could catch Luo Feng in an instant.

But in the air? Their powerful legs have nothing to run on, so they can only rely on their special ability to fly. Even though they fly quickly, even faster than some spirit readers, they’re still slower than spirit readers at the peak of the advanced wargod level.

Luo Feng turned back and hovered at an altitude of 300 to 400 meters above the misty island, his spiritual force spread out.

BOOM!

The air suddenly shook and a purplish red light stopped in the air above Luo Feng in a blink of an eye. It was indeed a purplish red triangular fighter jet. In terms of appearance, this streamlined triangular fighter jet was virtually the same as the one Hong rode on last time, only the color differed.

HUALA! The hatch opened automatically.

Two shadows flew out and the fighter jet’s hatch automatically closed as it just hovered in midair.

“The Dojo of Limits’ fighter jet” Luo Feng’s face let out some joy.

“You’re Luo Feng?”

The two shadows hovered beside Luo Feng. One of them had long, flowing hair and always had a smile on. He gave off a feeling of a calming, nice breeze. As for the guy hovering beside him, he was as cold as ice and as steady as a mountain. He had a golden mask on.

“Luo Feng greets the two investigators” Luo Feng bowed.

“How’s it going down there?” asked investigator Liu.

Luo Feng replied: “Investigator, one of the existences surpassing the wargod level from the HR alliance– representative Farr, just arrived a few minutes ago. As for the willow tree heart…… there are 9 thousand year willow hearts and 1 ten thousand willow heart. Six of the thousand year willow hearts are in their possession. I consumed a thousand year willow heart earlier and took 2 thousand year willow hearts and 1 ten thousand year willow heart”

Investigator Liu let out a smile as he slightly nodded: “Ten thousand year willow heart? Not bad!”

BOOM!

At this time, a flowing red light approached from below, it was indeed representative Farr.

“Representative* Liu” Farr looked at investigator Liu. When he saw the golden masked man on the side, he let out a face of surprise.

“Representative Farr, all the spirits of nature on this misty island…… will go to the Dojo of Limits. You don’t have any objections right” said investigator Liu calmly.

The flames on Farr’s body bursted ferociously as he yelled with anger: “Investigator Liu, don’t cross the line! We discovered this misty island first……”

“You guys didn’t discover it first, I did” Luo Feng cut in, “You can ask Catalan, Li Yao, and the others to confirm”. Indeed, Luo Feng was actually the first one to come to this misty island. After that, he purposefully turned on his tactical communications watch to lure Li Yao here. If Li Yao didn’t come, then Luo Feng wouldn’t have recognized those treasures.

“Haha, hear that?” smiled investigator Liu, “Our side discovered it first”

“Hmph” investigator Farr sneered, “Nobody owns this misty island. Why would we hand it over to your Dojo of Limits. If you guys aren’t all talk, then lets fight over them fairly. Whoever finds a spirits of nature, gets to keep it!”

Investigator Liu smiled at representative Farr as he heard this. He went silent for a moment and then nodded, “I accept”


Chapter 158: Huge Commotion

Representative Farr froze…..

Luo Feng was surprised too. Keep in mind that this entire misty island was full of mist and visibility was low here. And for things like spirits of nature, there are times where it would be hard to recognize one even if it was right in front of you. Whoever finds more gets to keep more? Why would this investigator Liu accept such conditions?

“It’s up to you” Investigator Liu looked towards the golden masked man.

“Ok” the golden masked man slightly nodded.

Whoosh!

He flew into the distance and hovered above the misty island. Afterwards, the mysterious golden masked man extended both of his hands and closed his eyes. A formless, special power spread towards every direction with him at the center, as if a radar was emitting radio waves.

This process lasted about five to six seconds.

Whoosh! Like a bolt of lightning, the mysterious golden masked man directly flew into the misty island.

…..

This scene shocked Luo Feng and representative Farr, who were still in midair. Usually, searching for spirits of nature with all this mist was an extremely difficult task. If the spirits of nature don’t attack, then they would be hard to recognize even if they’re right in front of you! So there isn’t much of an advantage for existences surpassing the wargod level in searching for spirits of nature.

But why……

Does investigator Liu seem so confident in letting this mysterious golden masked man take action?

“Representative Farr, just keep me company here. It’ll be easier for you and it’ll be easier for me” investigator Liu glanced at him. Representative Farr just sneered as he continued to hover in midair. Representative Farr didn’t have any special methods to help him search for spirits of nature, so it would be better for him to just stay here and keep investigator Liu with him.

Suddenly–

Four shadows raced below and one of them even soared into the air.

Luo Feng observed carefully and saw that the one who flew up was indeed Phantom Demon Catalan. A black light extended below Catalan’s feet and seemed to take the shape of a pedal. Phantom Demon Catalan’s feet stepped on those black pedals as he hovered in midair.

“Representative Farr, representative Farr” Catalan said out of anger and resignation, “We were digging up an unknown spirit of nature, but it was stolen right at the most important moment. The opponent was too fast and powerful. He was probably an existence surpassing the wargod level, so the four of us couldn’t fight back at all”

Representative Farr’s face changed as he heard this.

“As for the spirits of nature that Li Yao discovered earlier, they were already taken by the time we arrived” yelled Catalan again.

“HAHA……” investigator Liu laughed loudly as he heard this.

Representative Farr’s face turned green as he heard this.

And Luo Feng was absolutely flabbergasted. Damn, that mysterious golden masked man has an ability where he can easily find spirits of nature in all this mist? Usually, spirits of nature are extremely hard to identify if they don’t attack.

“Investigator Liu, I wonder which of the three royal guards he is? Ice Mountain?” representative Farr’s face was green, “Who would’ve thought that the head of the Dojo’s three royal guards have such special abilities”

“You’re quite smart. He is indeed Ice Mountain”

Investigator Liu slightly smiled, “However, is this worth getting surprised over? Everyone has different abilities after breaking through the wargod barrier and becoming an existence surpassing the wargod level. Your ability is just fire. And Ice Mountain of the three royal guards has an ability you would never even dream of”

There are five big investigators under ‘Hong’ of the Dojo of Limits.

But, other than the five investigators, few people know….. that Hong has three royal guards. These three royal guards have been following Hong with all their body and heart since a long time ago! They are absolutely loyal. Hong also guides these three royal guards and assists them as much as possible….. all three royal guards are existences surpassing the wargod level!

People say that the five big investigators are horrifying…..

But more fighters are afraid of these three royal guards! Other than Hong, nobody knows who they are. People only know their nicknames, which are: “Beast” “Ice Mountain” “Allure”.

“Royal guards?” Luo Feng was stunned, “Not investigators?”

“Young man” investigator Liu smiled as he glanced at Luo Feng, “Hong is not as simple as you think he is. The three royal guards below him are all existences surpassing the wargod level. And each of the royal guards, under Hong’s teachings, have extraordinary strength. Otherwise…… why would the world’s powerful countries and organizations all fear Hong so much?”

Luo Feng froze.

One person, single handedly raised three existences surpassing the wargod level.

Holy!

“RUMBLE~~”

“HU!”

It was all black below. Sonic boom after sonic boom carried from the mist covered island below. The sounds of attacks landing on a plant. Clearly, these sounds were caused by that royal guard.

In midair.

A shield created out of a breeze covered Luo Feng and investigator Liu.

“Investigator?” Luo Feng looked at investigator Liu with shock.

“Just a small trick so representative Farr won’t be able to hear us” smiled investigator Liu, “Let me introduce myself. I’m Liu He. The head’s rating of you is quite high, saying that you’re one of the top spirit reader geniuses on earth. After consuming a thousand year willow heart….. what level did your spiritual force reach?”

Luo Feng hesitated.

“Peak of the advanced level wargod level” said Luo Feng.

Investigator Liu took in a breath as he looked at Luo Feng with disbelief on his face. He couldn’t help but to say: “How old are you?”

“19 years old!” answered Luo Feng.

“19 years old, peak of the advanced level wargod level spirit reader?” investigator Liu couldn’t help but to shake his head as he started laughing, “I’ve always heard how powerful the geniuses from the legends are. During the Grand Nirvana period, the head and chairman Thunder God only took a few years to become existences surpassing the wargod level. I’ve also seen a few that only took a short 2 to 3 years to become wargods at the peak of the advanced level wargod level”

“But…… it’s my first time seeing a 19 year old peak of the advanced level wargod level spirit reader” investigator Liu’s gaze towards Luo Feng softened quite a bit.

Why is the Dojo of Limits powerful? Unity!

Raise up geniuses to strengthen the Dojo and not worry about the young ones surpassing the old ones. On Luo Feng’s path of a fighter…… he’s been taught and helped by instructor Jiang Nian, chief instructor Wu Tong, envoy Yang Hui, teacher Jiang Fang, and others. They tried their best to guide and advise Luo Feng, which was why he was able to grow so successfully!

His talent is important, but so is his environment.

“Very good” investigator Liu smiled as he nodded, “With your strength, you can already be nicknamed ‘invincible wargod’. A spirit reader at the peak of the advanced level wargod level, hehe, this is quite a challenge. They seem to fly quickly and are quite peculiar underground, making it hard for people to chase after them”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but recall the scene that previously unfolded.

Representative Farr, couldn’t catch him in midair!

“But don’t get too cocky. You’re invincible within wargods, but once you encounter an existence surpassing the wargod level….. it won’t be so easy! Every existence surpassing the wargod level has a special ability” investigator Liu lightly smiled, “And everyone has different strengths. For example, I fly much faster than representative Farr”

Luo Feng nodded. That mysterious golden masked man is one of Hong’s three royal guards, ‘Ice Mountain’. He’s actually able to easily find large amounts of spirits of nature.

Investigator Liu carefully reminded Luo Feng that he can’t let his guard down. There are tons of existences surpassing the wargod level that can get rid of Luo Feng.

“Show me the ten thousand year willow heart” said investigator Liu.

“Investigator” Luo Feng took out the ten thousand year willow heart.

Investigator Liu took it and looked at it. The flowing green essence with hints of gold inside the oval shaped crystal caused investigator Liu to squint. He nodded, “This ten thousand year willow heart is definitely something special. I have a feeling that this one ten thousand year willow heart is more important than 10 thousand year willow hearts”. Luo Feng let out a smile as he heard this.

Isn’t that right?

Cutting down nine willow trees is who knows how many times more easier than cutting down a willow tree king. The ‘ten thousand year willow heart’ in the willow tree king is definitely something special.

“But a treasure like this cannot be consumed without care. We have to show the head to figure out how to use it properly” said investigator Liu seriously, “If a treasure isn’t used properly, it’ll take lives. One year there was a guy who consumed a certain treasure and his body directly blew up because of it”

Luo Feng nodded.

You can die from eating too much food. This ten thousand year willow heart is much better than a thousand year willow heart so, without absolute confidence, Luo Feng wouldn’t foolishly eat it.

“Anyways, Luo Feng, you’ve done something big this time” said investigator Liu, “Reporting the location of the misty island gets you 10%. And you also obtained the ten thousand year willow heart, so that counts as helping us get the treasure. When the time comes, we’ll give you more”

“And now you’re a…… spirit reader at the peak of the advanced level wargod level. The head will probably organize something for you. There’s no need for you to stay in the elite training camp” smiled investigator Liu, “Why would the head not use someone as talented as you? There might be a huge reward for you. The head isn’t a stingy person”

“Investigator…..”

Luo Feng was a bit worried.

“Hm?” investigator Liu looked at Luo Feng, “speak”

“I just want to ask the investigator… I don’t know if the head would be willing to reward me with a Black God set” asked Luo Feng. Investigator Liu froze, this kid sure doesn’t hold back.

After the battle on this misty island, Luo Feng really wanted a Black God set. The effect of this Black God set is too amazing, way better than a SS grade battle uniform set. Actually, Luo Feng still hasn’t officially obtained the title of wargod. The law says he still isn’t a wargod. Technically, Luo Feng can continue to stay in the elite training camp and get first place over and over again….. wouldn’t he obtain gigantic rewards this way? And also obtain the Black God set?”

“If I stay in the training camp, I’ll have a chance to get it” clowned Luo Feng.

“You kiddo, you’re already invincible in the wargod level and you still have the face to fight over with those kids?” investigator Liu didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, “However, I really can’t decide over the Black God set. We’ll have to see what the head says when we return!”

Investigators rarely interact with students.

Investigator Liu took the initiative to introduce himself and to talk to Luo Feng. He wanted to get to know Luo Feng. Who would’ve thought that Luo Feng would act like a kid even though he’s an invincible wargod, a figure that can shock an area of the earth. Oh wait….. Luo Feng is only 19, so he actually is a kid.


“BOOM~~”

In the night, the entire misty island shook, which shocked Luo Feng, investigator Liu, and representative Farr.

“Let’s hurry up and go!” a loud sound rang.

The golden masked man came back in a rush, “whoosh!”. In the distance, a black purplish vine that had a diameter of 20 cm shot towards him…… with just a glance, you couldn’t tell how long the vine was. With just the light coming from representative Farr’s fire, the naked eye could see a length of 500 to 600 meters; there was still an unknown length in the distant mist.

As if a vine that stretched across the heavens and the earth!

This vine was like a tentacle that stretched across hundreds of meters, and was still rapidly extending as it wrapped towards the golden masked man. The golden masked man’s bag was completely bulged up as it clearly held large amounts of spirits of nature.


Chapter 159: Return to the Headquarter City

“This vine!” Luo Feng was absolutely shocked when he saw it. The black purplish vine that extended from the distant mist seemed infinite. It was like a rumbling, gigantic python that chased after the escaping golden masked man.

PU! PU!

The golden masked man had blades that were as thin as a cicada’s wing in each hand, as if they were transparent ice blades. They cruelly collided with the approaching black purplish vine.

Immediately, shockwaves visible to the naked eye flew in every direction. The trees below that seemed to touch the sky were all smashed into pieces by these shockwaves. Even Vulture Li Yao, Blood Shadow Ethan, and Great Bear Keita were running in a panic. If they accidently get caught up in this fight, they’ll instantly die!

“What!” Luo Feng was shocked.

Under the attack of the two ice blades, the black purplish vine that had a diameter of 20 cm was barely cut open a depth of 1 cm. However, this wound instantly healed in virtually a blink of an eye.

“Let’s go” investigator Liu pulled Luo Feng.

Luo Feng didn’t resist and immediately flew into the distance with investigator Liu…… as for that black purplish vine, it was busy chasing after the golden masked man with everything it had, so it didn’t have time to chase after Luo Feng and the others.

“Get on the fighter jet” yelled investigator Liu.

Whoosh!

The purplish red triangular fighter jet that was hovering in the distance directly flew over and opened its hatch.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Investigator Liu and Luo Feng flew into the triangular fighter jet like two lights.

Inside the triangular fighter jet was darkness.

Luo Feng and investigator Liu looked out the hatch while the fighter jet flew away, creating distance between them and the black purplish vine.

HUALA! The hatch closed.

“Display Ice Mountain’s battle” ordered investigator Liu.

CHI——

A video instantly appeared in the dark cabin, which was indeed displaying the battle that was currently happening above the misty island. This video was much more clear than what the naked eye could perceive. In the video, the golden masked man was the only person left in the air above the misty island. And he was still being chased by that vine!

The golden masked man was as fast as lightning as he escaped.

“PA!” a sky shattering sound.

The vine actually whipped like a whip. That dark purplish vine that was over 1,000 meters long whipped ferociously. When it retracted and then extended, it caused an amazing sonic boom! Even after the sound went through the hatch of the plane, Luo Feng felt like a bomb just blew up next to his ears.

“Such a long vine can whip people?” investigator Liu couldn’t help but to sigh, “If Ice Mountain gets whipped, it’s over”

“Investigator Liu, are we just going to watch?” asked Luo Feng.

They’re all part of the Dojo of Limits. Are they just going to watch their ally get attacked?

“Luo Feng, royal guard Ice Mountain’s strength is even a bit higher than mine. And his escaping abilities are much better than mine! He’s a royal guard of the head, so the head has taught them various methods to keep their lives. If I go? I’ll just make things worse” investigator Liu wasn’t in a rush at all, “Don’t worry, this one vine still can’t——NOT GOOD!”

Investigator Liu’s face changed dramatically.

Luo Feng also took in a deep breath as he stared at the display!

“RUMBLE~~”

In the video, the entire misty island rumbled. Another black purplish vine that you couldn’t see the end of swiftly extended out of the mist. Now there are two black purplish vines….. no! The entire misty island rumbled as a third black purplish vine that seemed to stretch across the land extended out of the mist.

A fourth vine! A fifth vine!

The naked eye couldn’t tell how long each vine was, but they were definitely over 1,000 meters long. And each vine had a black purplish color and had a diameter of 20 cm. They were all extremely tough. Even existences surpassing the wargod level….. can’t do anything against them.

“Big trouble” investigator Liu’s face turned green.

Above the misty island, the vines that pierced through the heavens were like the tentacles of the misty island. They crazily danced from every direction as they surrounded the golden masked man! The golden masked man was extremely fast. One movement of his body could move him across a distance of a few hundred meters. With this, he should be able to shake off the vines easily.

However, the vines themselves were too peculiar!

They could freely twist and move! They moved so quickly that they left behind tons of afterimages, not allowing the golden masked man to escape at all.

At this moment——

In the video, the six vines crazily danced in the air above the misty island. The golden masked man barely dodged each of their attacks.

“According to the computer’s calculations, each of these vines….. has a length of over 1,600 meters! Their extending, retracting, and moving speeds are over 1,000 m/s” investigator Liu’s face wasn’t looking good, “Their toughness is comparable to an average emperor level monster. The worst part is, they have extraordinary regeneration capabilities, their wounds can heal instantly”

Luo Feng silently watched……

The six vines in the video were working together perfectly. As they attacked over and over again, they naturally and quickly forced the golden masked man into a corner.

“BOOM!”

“WHAT” Luo Feng and investigator Liu were both flabbergasted.

Under the attacks of the six black purplish vines, the extremely tiny golden masked man instantly transformed into a white light. He was extremely fast….. and virtually instantly escaped the area where the six vines were attacking. This white light was currently flying towards the triangular fighter jet with amazing speed.

HUALA! The hatch opened!

The white light slowed down and became a human’s image. It charged into the hatch, which closed right after.

“Return to HQ” yelled investigator Liu.

WHOOSH!

The purplish red triangular fighter jet immediately turned into a purplish red light as it disappeared into the horizon. The only things left were the black purplish vines that were crazily dancing above the misty island, as if they were enraged.

…..

Inside the cabin.

“Ice Mountain, are you okay?” investigator Liu assisted the golden masked man.

The golden masked man sat on the chair with his eyes closed, his breath was weak. He said lowly: “No worries, Liu He, I’m not going to die yet! I just used my forbidden essence move, which damages the body too much. I need to go back and rest for a while this time”

Investigator Liu finally let out a sigh of relief.

“Ice Mountain, what forbidden move, can you teach me?” investigator Liu couldn’t help but to ask. It’s not that he doesn’t understand the rules, but the speed royal guard Ice Mountain displayed when escaping was just too startling. Even though he doesn’t have any strength to fight back afterwards……. this move is definitely a lifesaver.

“You?”

“I spent nearly five years giving various treasures and wealth to the head. Only after that did the head spend quite a bit of time creating a life saving move for me based off of the characteristics of my essence” Ice Mountain glanced at investigator Liu, “The characteristics of your essence isn’t the same as mine, so you can’t learn it”

Investigator Liu shook his head helplessly.

He understood too……

If you supply enough wealth and treasure to the head, the head will help his subordinates create a special move. However, something like that takes up a lot of energy and time, so the payment required is also startling.

“I just got this ‘Universe level’ auto jet, which costed me quite a bit of money” investigator Liu couldn’t help but to shake his head.

“Auto jet?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to say, “This fighter jet doesn’t need any crew members and can move by itself?”. Way too advanced, he’s never seen any fighter jet like that. Furthermore, Luo Feng completely experienced how advanced this fighter jet’s AI was just now.

“Yea. This is the ‘Universe level’ auto jet. Just the materials required to build this is uncountable” investigator Liu couldn’t help but to get a bit proud, “During crucial times, I can control it to block emperor level attacks. Even an emperor level monster can’t destroy this fighter jet! The materials it’s made out of are way better than the ones in a SS grade weapon”

Luo Feng was dumbfounded.

Isn’t that too much? A fighter jet’s materials are better than a SS grade weapon’s? Luo Feng has finally experienced for himself how extravagant the ‘existences surpassing the wargod level’ are.

“However, that vine attacks by wrapping around its target, so my auto jet won’t be able to do much against that” investigator Liu shook his head. After that, he smiled as he glanced at Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, according to you’ve done this time, you’ll definitely receive a huge reward, which would be enough to buy a Universe level auto jet. Maybe…… you can even buy the highest level ‘Prehistoric level’ auto jet. A prehistoric level auto jet, got that? That’s the jet that the head rides on. Its defense is incredible and it even has a laser cannon on it”

Luo Feng remained silent……

He’s not that dumb.

This time’s harvest is clearly gigantic. A thousand year willow heart is more valuable than a portion of dragon blood, and what about a ten thousand year willow heart? Adding to that, ‘royal guard Ice Mountain’ has a huge bag of spirits of nature. He’ll definitely receive an incredible amount of money. Would he waste all of that money to buy a fighter jet?

“Ice Mountain, how’s this times harvest” investigator Liu couldn’t help but to ask.

As if he’s feeling slightly better, Ice Mountain opened his eyes and took a glance: “Huge, very huge”

Investigator Liu couldn’t help but to ask: “I count as a contributor this time too right?”

“Hmph, all you did was hold back that representative Farr” said royal guard Ice Mountain lightly, “The harvesters of a spirit of nature mission only receive 30% of the total wealth. If I sugarcoat it, you’ll barely be able to get 5%. Luo Feng got the ten thousand year willow heart and 2 thousand year willow hearts, so he’ll barely get 5% too probably. I get 20%”

Investigator Liu said nothing. He indeed didn’t really do anything.

“A ten thousand year willow heart and 2 thousand year willow hearts only gets 5%?” investigator Liu couldn’t help but to ask.

“What do you know!”

Royal guard Ice Mountain laughed lightly, “Just from what I harvested, there are 92 spirits of nature. Over six of them are more valuable than the ten thousand year willow heart”

Luo Feng and investigator Liu both took in a breath.

That amount of wealth is staggering. This misty island sure is a treasure island, giving birth to so many spirits of nature.

“The most valuable thing is that vine” royal guard Ice Mountain brought his voice down, “I first sensed how much energy that vine had before attacking it, but who would’ve thought that I only sensed a small portion of it. The entire vine is over 2,000 meters long. Furthermore…… I estimate that the vine is only a part of a certain spirit of nature, since there were six vines chasing after me in the end”

“So——”

“There is an incredible spirit of nature on that misty island” said royal guard Ice Mountain quietly, “That’s where the largest treasure is. When I ran away, I sent the scene of battle to the head. The head will probably personally move out for this”

“The head will personally move out?”

Investigator Liu and Luo Feng both nodded.

Indeed, if those six black purplish vines were merely a part of a certain spirit of nature, then the misty island’s most powerful spirit of nature….. isn’t a presence that’s easy to mess with.


Chapter 160: Hong and the Long Vine

On the wasteland beside the lake surrounding the misty island.

Vulture Li Yao, Phantom Demon Catalan, Great Bear Keita, and Blood Shadow Ethan. The four of them looked towards the misty island with a bit of fear in their hearts. Representative Farr, who was hovering in midair beside them, also looked towards the sky above the misty island where the six black purplish vines that pierced the heavens danced crazily.

“Just what are those things? How are they so powerful”

“Way too horrifying. Even an existence surpassing the wargod level can’t beat it”

Vulture Li Yao and the others talked quietly. They were all stunned and scared. If representative Farr didn’t bring them away and if the black purplish vine wasn’t only concerned with chasing after that royal guard “Ice Mountain’, the four of them probably wouldn’t have been able to escape.

Whoosh!

Representative Farr landed.

“Thank you, representative Farr” Li Yao came up and thanked. The other three also thanked him.

Representative Farr looked towards the four and commanded without emotion: “Give me the spirits of nature you guys found!” Catalan, Li Yao, and the others froze.

Hand over the spirits of nature?

Catalan and the others worked hard to get these spirits of nature together. However, since they were afraid that Luo Feng would call the people from the Dojo of Limits, they also requested for existences surpassing the wargod level! Once they ask for help, the spirits of nature they obtain will naturally be divided.

Just like how Luo Feng handed over his ten thousand year willow heart and his thousand year willow heart.

However, one difference is… that royal guard ‘Ice Mountain’ basically got all of the spirits of nature on the island. And representative Farr didn’t even get one. This way, Catalan and the others are at a disadvantage.

“Hm?” representative Farr frowned.

“Bring them out” commanded Catalan. Even though they didn’t want to, Li Yao and the others could only hand out the spirits of nature they had.

6 thousand year willow hearts and two spirit herbs.

“Don’t worry, I’ll redistribute them based on contribution” said representative Farr coldly, “The fighter jet you guys came in is over there. Are you guys going to go back to Europe or….. wait here for the other representatives?”. Catalan invited quite a few representatives through his teacher.

All existences surpassing the wargod level are representatives of the Palace of Wargod’s committee.

“We’re not in a rush” smiled Catalan.

“Yea, no rush” followed Li Yao. How could they miss a chance to watch a few existences surpassing the wargod level battle against spirits of nature?

…

After a long time.

A flowing light finally appeared in the sky as it swiftly approached. It hovered in the air not too far from representative Farr. This was a disc shaped fighter jet that was completely black, and its hatch just opened.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Three images flew out. Judging from their skin color, two of them are American or European while one of them had slightly darker skin, like someone from South America. The three of them smiled as they flew towards representative Farr. The four of them….. were indeed four existences surpassing the wargod level!

“Teacher” Catalan flew over.

“Look, behind”

“Behind”

Li Yao, Catalan, and Keita, who were still on the ground, were all shocked as they pointed towards a blood red colored triangular fighter jet that was hovering behind the disc shaped fighter jet.

HUALA! The hatch opened.

“What”

The four existences surpassing the wargod level were all stunned as they looked at the person who arrived.

The stars scattered across the night sky seemed to have all disappeared. In this point of time, only one person seemed to exist —— a man with black, short hair, a black jacket, and black trousers. After meeting his gaze, one’s heart completely freezes up and gives up all thoughts of resisting. He, is the only deity in this entire world!

Including representative Farr, the hearts of these four existences surpassing the wargod level were all shaking.

“We greet the first chairman!” representative Farr and the three others slightly bowed as they hovered in midair.

The person who came was indeed Hong!

The world’s strongest fighter, the first chairman on the Palace of Wargods! The indisputable number one on earth!

“I discovered your fighter jet previously and guessed you guys were coming here, so I didn’t rush to get ahead” the black haired man’s voice was calm, “I won’t bully you guys. I’ll give you guys one chance. You guys can attack that misty island however you want and keep what you get! If you guys fail, then hurry up and leave”

Hong’s voice was cold.

It had a sense of superiority in it. But indeed, Hong’s position since the Grand Nirvana period has been at the indisputable peak! If the presidents and leaders of the five great countries get their power from the country themselves, then Hong’s power comes completely from himself!

Just him, is comparable to an entire country, and maybe even more!

His authority has already surpassed the restrictions of the normal world.

So…..

He was glorified. All the countries on earth cooperated with him and helped him expand his Dojo of Limits. Truthfully, Hong actually can count as a deity-like existence. One huge reason why humanity has been able to last until now is because of Hong’s uncoverable efforts.

“Thank you, first chairman” the four existences surpassing the wargod level slightly bowed.

And then——

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The four of them turned into four flowing lights as they flew towards the distant misty island. The black haired man just hovered in midair as he silently waited.

“This is Hong?” Catalan, Li Yao, Keita, and Ethan all looked towards Hong with passion.

The existences surpassing the wargod level they so praise like representative Farr and the others remain completely calm, and even a bit prideful, in front of the chairman of the HR alliance! However, in front of ‘Hong’, these four representatives become extremely respectful and behaved like children.

Praise!

Catalan, Ethan, Li Yao, and Keita adore Hong from the bottom of their hearts. Hong represents the limits of humanity, the peak!

…..

Five minutes later.

The rumbling noises sounded continuously on the misty island. Four flowing lights swiftly flew back as they hovered below Hong. Each of the four of these existences surpassing the wargod level seemed to have been slightly injured. Either that, or their face was pale, or had a bit of blood trickling out the side of their mouths. All of them were scared. If they didn’t listen to representative Farr describe how horrifying those vines were and, as a result, carefully went along the edge of the island, then one or two of them might have died instead of just receiving some small wounds.

“First chairman” the four of them slightly bowed.

The black haired man glanced at them.

The four of them bowed again and then directly flew towards the disc shaped fighter jet. No matter what, they won’t approach that misty island anymore.

That vine’s vitality is too much!

“Whoosh!”

The black haired man directly flew towards the misty island. The blood red colored triangular fighter jet behind him also followed.

Above the misty island.

The black haired man looked down from above like a deity.

The eight endless vines that were just ambushed by the four existences surpassing the wargod level were dancing in fury, causing the entire misty island to shake, as if an earthquake was happening.

“Oh?” the black haired man’s eyes flashed.

Whoosh!

He directly descended, which caused the black purplish vines to sweep towards him, hoping to strangle the black haired man to death.

“Hm?” the black haired man extended his right hand, his powerful right hand.

PU!

As if someone was grabbing onto a pair of chopsticks, the black haired man actually grabbed onto the endless vine. Even though the vine had a diameter of 20 centimeters, it couldn’t escape the black haired man’s grasp no matter how much it twisted and turned.

“BUZZ~~~” the gigantic black purplish vine crazily turned.

Sadly….. to no avail.

“Black purplish, with such power” the black haired man’s left hand took the shape of a blade and lightly drew across. A wound with a depth of 10 cm was instantly cut open on the black purplish vine, but just after two or three seconds, the wound completely disappeared.

“RUMBLE~~”

It couldn’t escape, so the entire misty island shook ferociously. Vine after vine extended out of the mist, each of them over a length of 2,000 meters. One, two, three….. eight, nine…..

“There should be 16 total” the black haired man let out a smile. He let all the black purplish vines charge at him. The surrounding 100 meter radius of the black haired man suddenly sank into an infinite darkness. Once the black purplish vines entered this dark area, movement became extremely difficult, as if they were in mud.

“Yep”

The black haired man grabbed a vine and observed it like a studying scientist, “It matches the information in the archaeological ruins perfectly, the cloud contact vine!”

“Our earth actually has cloud contact vines too?”

The black haired man let out a smile, “This Luo Feng sure is a star of luck. I’ve earned a ton this time. I guess I’ll give him some good stuff when we’re giving him a portion of the spirits of nature”


Paris headquarter city.

In a quiet bedroom, Li Yao grabbed a bottle of red wine and lay on the sofa as he gulped it down. Soon enough, over half the bottle was finished.

“Yao, you don’t have to be so depressed just because of this time’s failure” anxiously said Venina in Chinese on the side.

Li Yao ignored her and finished the bottle in one breath. After that, he grabbed towards another bottle of red wine.

“Yao, Yao” Venina hurriedly took away the bottle of red wine.

“There’s no hope, no hope” Li Yao glanced at Venina and then laughed at himself like he was drunk.

“What do you mean no hope? You just failed this time. Failed to harvest the spirits of nature, failed to kill Luo Feng, stop yelling about no hope” Venina was enraged, “Yao, we’ve been through so much together, but I’ve never seen you lose your morale like this. How come this time you’ve become like this?”

Li Yao’s voice was low as he said powerlessly, “That Luo Feng, he’s already a spirit reader at the peak of the advanced level wargod level.

“WHAT!” Venina was shocked.

Venina only knew that this time’s operation was a complete failure from the phone call. She didn’t know that Luo Feng became so powerful.

“Peak of the advanced level wargod level, so what?” Venina clenched her teeth, “We’ve been through more difficult situations. As long as you can become an existence surpassing the wargod level, wouldn’t dealing with him become an easy task?”

“It’s not the same”

“It’s not the same” Li Yao shook his head, “The Dojo of Limits has earned a ton of spirits of nature. I personally saw the golden masked man carrying a bulging backpack. Luo Feng will definitely get quite a bit! At that time, he can exchange the spirits of nature for some treasures. Adding the Dojo of Limits’ support to that….. barely any people on earth are willing to help us deal with him”

“As for killing him, he can just dig underground with his spiritual force. Even if I become an existence surpassing the wargod level, I might not be able to catch him”

“Furthermore, am I even able to become an existence surpassing the wargod level?”

Li Yao’s face was looking bad.

Authority, power… he’s going to be completely surpassed by Luo Feng!


Chapter 161: Reward

Hong Ning headquarter city, elite training camp’s Jiang-Nan pagoda.

Dawn, the day was bright. Luo Feng was standing on the balcony and facing East.

“A few days ago I was on the wastelands of the continent of Australia and being chased after Li Yao. Now I’m casually waiting here alone, awaiting the summons of the head” Luo Feng let out a smile. After Luo Feng came back with investigator Liu, investigator Liu arranged for Luo Feng to live at the training camp.

All the other students in the training camp were undergoing their Life and Death adventure, so Luo Feng was the only official student left in the training camp.

What Luo Feng had to do now…..

Was wait for the head’s summons and receive his gigantic reward.

The Dojo of Limits had a very startling harvest this time. Even investigator Liu was quite excited just to get 5%, so one could imagine what a startling amount of wealth Luo Feng would receive.

“Towards the sun” Luo Feng looked east.

Right now, the clouds in the sky were colored in a fiery red. Even though the sun hasn’t shown itself yet, the rays of light shining through the clouds were heart movingly beautiful.

“I thought I could live here for up to two or three years, or maybe even longer” Luo Feng leaned against the railing of the balcony as he sighed, “Looks like, I’ll be leaving”

…..

Evening.

A man and a woman in black swiftly arrived at the courtyard of Jiang-Nan pagoda.

“KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK!” they knocked.

“Who is it?” Luo Feng came out of his room and opened the door.

The man and woman in black outside seemed to be around 30 years old. Both of their eyes were full of life, and the slightly short woman with layered hair smiled: “Student Luo Feng, the head has summoned. Please follow us”. The man on the side looked towards the youth in front of him with curiosity.

A personal summons from the head is quite rare.

“The head?” Luo Feng was joyful. So fast, he just came back for a day and the head already wants to see him. Looks like it’s time to receive his reward.

“Okay, let’s go” Luo Feng nodded and followed the two.

They quickly arrived at the main entrance of the elite training camp as they walked along the familiar road. A black, elegant limousine with a length of over six meters was parked there. A woman in black went forward and opened the car door: “Student Luo Feng, please get on”

Luo Feng got in the car. The car’s interior was as spacious as a space shuttle, it was extremely elegant and comfortable.

The car slowly moved.

The people in the car could barely feel any shaking. The man in the black uniform sat beside the driver’s spot while the woman in the black uniform sat next to Luo Feng.

20 minutes later.

“CHI!” the car stopped.

“Student Luo Feng, we have arrived at HQ” smiled the woman in the black uniform. Luo Feng got off the car and couldn’t help but to take in a breath as he looked at the building in front of him.

Holy!

What was in front of him was a gigantic spaceship-like structure that was at least 10,000 meters long. It was around 100 meters high and there was a huge door that was a few dozen meters wide for people to go in. And surrounding this gigantic spaceship structure were….. large amounts of armed forces. Security here was clearly strict.

“This is the real headquarters of the Dojo of Limits?” Luo Feng gasped as he looked at the spaceship in front of him. Very few people have seen the Dojo of Limits’ HQ and there aren’t any relevant photos online either.

A blue light shot out from the spaceship and surrounded Luo Feng.

“BEEP!”

“Student Luo Feng, please enter” rang the electronic sound.

The woman in the black uniform beside Luo Feng said: “Student Luo Feng, only the higher ups with huge amounts of authority are authorized to enter. If you do not have permission, you will be killed by the defense system. Student Luo Feng, you should hurry and enter”

Luo Feng nodded as he walked over!

The huge door to the spaceship that was a few dozen meters long was silverish white.

“How come I feel like this spaceship-like structure is an actual spaceship?” thought Luo Feng to himself, “But a spaceship that’s over 10,000 meters long? I really haven’t heard of anything like this before”. Without thinking any further, he swiftly passed through the door and entered the interior of the headquarters.

In the hallway, a man and a woman both in blue robes smiled as they greeted: “Student Luo Feng, please follow us”

Basically everyone in the interior of the headquarters were wearing blue robes while a rare few were in red robes.

“This is the resting area. Student Luo Feng, please rest here for now. The head will summon you later” smiled the white woman in the blue robe as she spoke fluent Chinese. After that, she obediently left.

There were already two people in the resting area.

“I greet investigator Liu” Luo Feng slightly bowed, “Mr. Ice Mountain”

“Haha, Luo Feng, sit” smiled investigator Liu.

The royal guard Ice Mountain glanced at Luo Feng. He was cold and said nothing.

“The head has returned from the misty island and immediately summoned the three of us. It’s probably about dividing the profits from the misty island” smiled investigator Liu, “Luo Feng, looks like your reward this time isn’t going to be small”. In terms of reward, investigator Liu probably isn’t going to get as much as Luo Feng.

“Luck, I just happened to come across that misty island” followed Luo Feng.

“Luck is also a part of skill” smiled investigator Liu.

Royal guard Ice Mountain stayed silent on the side.

Suddenly–

“Ice Mountain, the head calls” a sound rang from a black man in a red robe standing out the door.

“The summons have begun”

Luo Feng and investigator Liu’s spirits were brought up.

“Ok” Ice Mountain stood up. He still had his golden mask on as he followed the black man in the red robe away.

“Ice Mountain sure is going to earn a ton this time” investigator Liu couldn’t help but to sigh. After that, he looked towards Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, your reward isn’t going to be small this time either. At that time….. the head will probably give you a chance to exchange for some treasures. You better grab onto that chance and exchange for some treasures you need”

“Exchange for treasures?” Luo Feng froze.

“Yea”

Investigator Liu nodded as he smiled, “A lot of spirits of nature were harvested this time. Technically, some of the spirits of nature will be given to you. But who would need so many spirits of nature? The best treasure is the one that suits you the most. You can use the spirits of nature to exchange for some rare treasures from the head. These treasures can’t be bought with money”

“Oh?” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed.

“You’ll know at the time” investigator Liu slightly smiled, “But who knows….. whether or not the head would be willing to bring out the truly valuable treasures”

After saying that, investigator Liu didn’t say another word.

Momentarily–

“Investigator Liu, the head calls” it was the same red robed black man.

“Luo Feng, I’ll be going first” investigator Liu slightly smiled as he followed the red robed black man away. Luo Feng was the only person left in the resting area.

Luo Feng waited silently.

10 minutes later, the red robed black man came back to the door: “Luo Feng, the head calls”

“It’s finally my turn”

Luo Feng took in a deep breath and then stood up. He followed the red robed black man as he walked through the hallway. Soon enough, he arrived outside a quiet room. The red robed black man slightly bowed and then left.

“Luo Feng, come in” an ice cold voice rang.

“Yes, head” Luo Feng met Hong before so he knows his voice.

The guest room was empty and black. There were only two cushions in there.

The black haired man sat cross legged on a cushion as he pointed towards the cushion in front of him: “Sit!”

“Yes”

Luo Feng went forward and sat on the cushion. In front of Hong, the formless pressure caused one to lower one’s head subconsciously, unable to bring up the slightest thought of resistance! This is probably what an ant does in front of a legendary dragon. When faced with the difference in power, there’s nothing else to do but to lower your head.

The black haired man’s gaze toward Luo Feng had a bit of warmth to it as he spoke: “You have played a large role in reporting the misty island’s location. Reporting the information gives you 10% of the spirits of nature. And when harvesting, you also played a role, so you can get another 5%. In other words….. you can get 15% total”

“It’s really 15%” thought Luo Feng to himself.

Keep in mind that the golden masked man harvested a full 92 spirits of nature. With Luo Feng’s ten thousand year willow heart and 2 thousand year willow hearts, there’s a total of 95 spirits of nature. 15% of this number is definitely an incredible amount of wealth.

The thousand year willow heart can only count as an average thing in that group.

And one thousand year willow heart is more valuable than a portion of dragon blood. It’s entirely imaginable how much money 15% is worth.

“So–”

The black haired man waved his hand.

CHICHI!

A 3D hologram suddenly appeared in the black guest room. In this 3D hologram appeared the images of 12 spirits of nature.

“Some of these 12 spirits of nature are more valuable than others, but in total, it’s about 15% of the 95 spirits of nature” the black haired man’s voice was cold as usual, “These 12 spirits of nature are yours”

“12?” Luo Feng looked towards the 3D hologram.

Within the 12 was a thousand year willow heart, which Luo Feng recognized. As for the 11, he actually wasn’t able to recognize a single one.

“You can carefully examine the value of these 12 spirits of nature” right when the black haired man’s voice finished, a huge amount of words appeared beside each spirit of nature, which explained the uses of each spirit of nature. Luo Feng had extremely good eyesight, so he could read them clearly.

Thousand year black crow root, boil it into 3 kg of medicine and drink 100 grams every day. After drinking, your body fitness level will soar up and your skin will become extremely tough……

Hundred dew grass. No matter what kind of injury or poison, you can immediately recover after chewing and consuming it.

…..

Each spirit of nature had a special function. The most absurd spirit of nature out of the 12 could actually raise one’s body fitness level 6 to 10 times (with a limit of peak of the advanced wargod level).

Some of them stunned Luo Feng.

But Luo Feng was also quite curious. How could the head easily know the usage and effects of each type of spirit of nature? And they even have all sorts of names.

“Head, did the thousand year black crow root actually grow for a thousand years?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to ask out of curiosity.

“Dumb”

The black haired man couldn’t help but to smile a bit, “I just named them randomly. I’m Chinese, so I just gave them names that Chinese people would like. How long has it been since the Grand Nirvana period? I haven’t even lived that long, so names like thousand year and ten thousand year are just exaggerations, just to let people know how amazing the effects of these spirits of nature are”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Spirits of nature, for someone like you who has reached the peak of the advanced wargod level, aren’t that effective” said the black haired man, “So, I’ll give you a chance…… to use those spirits of nature to exchange for treasures you need”


Chapter 162: Exchange Table

“A chance to exchange for treasures?” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed. He previously received investigator Liu’s reminder.

In the black room.

The black haired man waved his hand. Beside the original 3D hologram that displayed the 12 spirits of nature appeared an even larger 3D hologram. There were many categories in this 3D hologram like “Instruction Manual”, “Auto jet” “Battle uniform”

“Weapon” “Spirit Medicine” and many others.

Under each category were many 3D holograms. All sorts and types of treasures could make one dizzy.

“On this exchange table are 62 different treasures for you to exchange” said the black haired man.

“Spirit medicine category” Luo Feng didn’t look at anything else as he stared at the spirit medicine category. He looked down and saw many different types of spirit medicine, at least 10 different kinds. Each of them had amazing effects, “There’s no elixir of life?”

What Luo Feng cared about the most was an elixir of life, the elixir of life that could let his brother stand up again.

“Elixir of life?”

The black haired man, ‘Hong’, looked at Luo Feng with shock after hearing this. He shook his head, “Luo Feng, every single thing on this exchange table would sell for an astronomical price if put in human society. Many powerful countries and organizations can’t get these treasures no matter how much money they are willing to spend. How could the elixir of life enter this exchange table”

Luo Feng froze.

The elixir of life doesn’t have the right to be in this list?

“You want the elixir of life to let your brother stand up again?” the black haired man pointed at the 12 spirits of nature in the hologram, “Did you see the effects of the hundred dew grass within the 12 spirits of nature you received? As long as you chew it and consume it, it can cure any type of injury. Naturally, your brother would be able to stand up again”

Luo Feng looked carefully–

Hundred dew grass. No matter what kind of injury or poison, you can immediately recover after chewing and consuming it…..

“Okay” Luo Feng’s eyes were shining.

“Don’t tell me you plan to give this hundred dew grass to your brother?” said the black haired man in shock.

“Yea” Luo Feng nodded.

“Haha…..” the black haired man laughed. He hasn’t laughed like this for a very long time, “Luo Feng, in terms of value, this hundred dew grass is worth 10x more than the elixir of life! If you use the hundred dew grass to exchange for elixirs of life from the American government, they’ll probably be willing to give you 10 elixirs of life in exchange!”

“And you were thinking of using a hundred dew grass just to let your brothers legs grow out again? What a waste of the effects of the hundred dew grass” the black haired man shook his head.

The hundred dew grass was such a valuable spirit grass.

Good steel should be used on the edge of a blade, the hundred dew grass shouldn’t be wasted like this.

“In another one or two months, the American government will hold an auction for the elixir of life. At that time, just join the auction” commanded the black haired man, “Don’t waste spirits of nature”

Luo Feng blinked twice.

The hundred dew grass…… was worth 10x more than an elixir of life?

“Look clearly” the black haired man waved his hand.

Beep!

A price label immediately appeared beside the hovering hologram displaying the 12 spirits of nature. They were “2 stars” “2.5 stars” “3 stars”…… respectively. Each spirit of nature had a price. The lowest one was “1.5 stars” and the highest one was “5 stars”

In total, they were 36.5 stars.

“This is…..” Luo Feng was a bit confused.

“This is the value of the spirits of nature you received” the black haired man’s face was calm, “On this earth, many treasures cannot be valued with money. Nobody would foolishly sell a treasure for some Chinese or American dollars. That’s dumb! If you want to exchange, then you exchange for goods”

Luo Feng nodded. Indeed, he has never seen a place that sells almost any of the items on this exchange table that Hong has given him.

In other words…..

You can’t buy them even if you have the money! For example, there isn’t any place that sells the ‘Black God Set’.

“Stars are a unit that I randomly set” said the black haired man.

Luo Feng nodded.

“Their value is set by my confirmations”

“Look again” the black haired man pointed beside the hologram’s exchange table. Suddenly, prices appeared beside every item on the huge hologram’s exchange table: “1 star” “1.5 stars” “3 stars” “2 stars”….. the prices were different, but most of them were around 2 stars.

The black haired man had a mysterious smile on as he looked at Luo Feng: “You have 36.5 stars worth of spirits of nature. You can exchange for any item here as long as your total doesn’t exceed 36.5 stars”

After that, the black haired man remained silent as he let Luo Feng examine carefully.

On the exchange table, Luo Feng saw the auto jet category in a glance.

Emperor level auto jet: 2 stars

Universe level auto jet: 15 stars

Prehistoric level auto jet: 60 stars

“The prehistoric level is actually that expensive” Luo Feng thought that he was extremely rich after receiving this time’s reward, but he couldn’t help but to curse after seeing the ‘prehistoric level auto jet’. Holy, this price is way too incredible! No wonder Hong is the only person in the Dojo of Limits with a prehistoric level auto jet.

“Time to look at the battle uniforms”

Luo Feng didn’t look at anything else. He first examined the battle uniforms…… the best one was the Black God set!

Black God Set– 5 stars

“The Black God set is quite expensive” thought Luo Feng to himself. But at least it was within an acceptable range.

“Head, I’ll buy this Black God set” Luo Feng looked towards the black haired man.

The black haired man looked towards Luo Feng and said: “The Black God set, is very special!”

“There aren’t that many Black God sets on earth. Only those who succeed in entering an archaeological ruin can receive a Black God set! And everyone only has one chance to enter, so even I can’t get more than one Black God set. Because of this, there aren’t that many Black God sets on earth”

“Luo Feng, my Dojo of Limits has a rule….. those who directly receive a Black God set must go to an archaeological ruin after some period of time to get another Black God set. And they must sell that Black God set to my Dojo of Limits” said the black haired man, Hong.

Luo Feng understood in his heart.

Everyone only had one chance to receive a Black God set. So if the Dojo of Limits uses the Black God set as an award, then once they give it out, their stock lowers. Naturally, they’ll need to get another one to make up for it. This way, they can keep the supply flowing. “If you want to buy this Black God set, I’ll give you two choices”

“One. Spend 5 stars to purchase the Black God set. Your mission is to enter an archaeological ruin in the future and obtain another Black God set. After that, sell it to our Dojo of Limits. We won’t change the price”

“Two. Receive a Black God set for free now and then enter an archaeological ruin in the future. Receive another Black God set and give it to our Dojo of Limits for free”

Luo Feng’s eyes flashed as he heard this.

“I pick the second option” said Luo Feng without hesitation.

If he can get it for free now and make it up later to the Dojo of Limits, it’s like a loan without interest. Only dumb people won’t pick that option.

“Haha, how smooth” the black haired man let out a smile, “Luo Feng, you’re extremely talented. Our Dojo of Limits always rewards the talented….. however, you’ve earned a lot this time, so I didn’t give you any extra rewards. Giving you the second option for the Black God set should count as a small extra from me”

Luo Feng smiled.

Even though he has to get another Black God set in the future to return, he at least has more stars to spend on more treasures.

“Head, all of these treasures are making me dizzy. I hope the head can recommend one of them for me” said Luo Feng. How can his judgment compare to the head’s? The head understands these treasures very well.

“Haha”

The black haired man, Hong, couldn’t help but to laugh cheerfully. He was being kind to Luo Feng not only because of Luo Feng’s talent, but also because of the cloud contact vines. The cloud contact vines, to Hong, are even more valuable than prehistoric level auto jets! Hong talked to Luo Feng so much because he was in a cheerful mood.

“Very well” the black haired man looked at the exchange table, “Most of the instruction manuals are ultimate moves for existences surpassing the wargod level, so there’s no point in buying them now. I recommend you purchase the Spirit Reader Basics , which costs 3 stars”

“I’ll buy it” nodded Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was a bit shocked when he initially noticed that the Spirit Reader Basics costs 3 stars. Why is it so expensive? Keep in mind that a portion of dragon blood is only worth 1 star in this exchange table.

“As for spirit medicine, there’s no need for you to buy that either. Your body has consumed a portion of dragon blood and a thousand year willow heart, so a lot of their effects are hidden in your body. You just have to train and your strength will rise!” the black haired man ‘Hong’ continued, “As for the other treasures, there is one that is extremely suitable for you. As for the rest…. just randomly pick some”

Luo Feng’s eyes flashed.

He bought a Black God set and the Spirit Reader Basics, and according to what Hong said, there is another item that is extremely suitable for himself.

“Which one?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to say.

“If you are able to pick it, then you have good luck. If you can’t, then that’s that” the black haired man, Hong, didn’t give any more tips.

Luo Feng mindlessly stared at the exchange table. Who knows which one is suitable for himself.

A treasure that’s suitable for himself?

Treasure?

If Hong isn’t willing to give any more hints about it, then it must be very valuable!

“Yea, it’s probably an expensive one” Luo Feng looked carefully, not at the goods, but at the prices…… the most expensive thing on the exchange table was the ‘prehistoric level auto jet’ for 60 stars. After that is an instruction manual that teaches the ultimate move—-‘Phoenix Wing Strike’ to existences surpassing the wargod level, which costs 36 stars.

The third most expensive one is a weapon called ‘soaring shuttle’, which costs 30 stars.

The one in fourth is also an ultimate move, called the ‘Lightning Spark Flint’, priced at 25 stars.

…..

“According to what the head said, those ultimate moves aren’t of any use to me right now. And according to the conversation between investigator Liu and Royal Guard Ice Mountain, ultimate moves are based off of the characteristics of an individual’s essence”

“I can’t afford the most expensive one, the prehistoric level auto jet”

“Then, this soaring shuttle?”

Luo Feng carefully examined the introduction to the soaring shuttle. The introduction was short, it was simply—-

Soaring Shuttle: A weapon suitable for spirit readers to control, since it conserves spiritual force.

Most of the weapons in the weapons category were for spirit readers, since Hong provided all these treasures for Luo Feng to exchange. The introductions were simple. If it wasn’t for the price, one wouldn’t even notice the soaring shuttle.

“So expensive, 30 stars!”

Luo Feng was a bit unwilling, since his 12 spirits of nature are only 36.5 stars in total, and just a soaring shuttle is 30 stars.

“Head” Luo Feng clenched his teeth as he looked towards the black haired man, ‘Hong’, “I’m going to purchase the soaring shuttle”

The black haired man, ‘Hong’, let out a face of shock: “It was actually chosen by you. Tell me, how did you pick it?”

“The head wasn’t willing to tell me anything, so it must have been a unique treasure, which means that it would be expensive. So I looked at the most expensive items one by one……” when Luo Feng said that, the black haired man, ‘Hong’, beside him couldn’t help but to start laughing: “I was a bit stingy. Looks like you were meant to be with this soaring shuttle. The true value of this soaring shuttle is way more than 30 stars. One day, when you become an existing surpassing the wargod level, its true power will become clear! However, even for you right now, it’s the most suitable weapon”

Hong, because he got the cloud contact vines, decided to add the soaring shuttle into the exchange table.

Or else…..

Why would he add the soaring shuttle in there? And considering the fact that Luo Feng’s spirits of nature add up to a total of 36.5 stars, he decided to price the soaring shuttle at 30 stars.


Chapter 163: Examiner

“Thank you, Head” said Luo Feng.

The head personally said that the true value of the soaring shuttle is way greater than 30 stars. Keep in mind that a portion of dragon blood, worth 80 billion, is only 1 star. With that, one can imagine how valuable the soaring shuttle is. Of course…… you can’t actually compare the two like that!

Because, once it gets to a certain point, money is just a number!

Powerful fighters like Hong and Thunder God definitely wouldn’t exchange treasures for money. They would only exchange such treasures for other treasures.

“Use it properly. I hope it will be able to shine in your hands”

“Okay, until now, you’ve picked a soaring shuttle for 30 stars, the Spirit Reader Basics instruction manual for 3 stars, which comes to a total of 33 stars. Your spirits of nature are worth 36.5 stars, which is to say, you have 3.5 stars left to exchange” the black haired man, ‘Hong’, pointed towards the hologram with the exchange table, “Tell me, which one will you pick?”

Luo Feng looked carefully.

For armor, he has the ‘Black God set’. For a weapon, he has the soaring shuttle. As for spirit reader training, he has the Spirit Reader Basics, so he isn’t really missing anything.

“The prehistoric level auto jet is good, but sadly, it’s too expensive”

Luo Feng sighed. As long as you’re a fighter, who doesn’t want a cool fighter jet?

“Hm?”

When Luo Feng glanced over the auto jet category, his eyes flashed– emperor level auto jet 2 stars.

This is pretty good!

It’s not too expensive, just 2 stars. And the armor of the emperor level auto jet is quite powerful. It even has AI, which makes it way better than those regular disc shaped fighter jets. Even though it’s just ‘2 stars’, an astronomical amount of money is still required to buy it. Very few wargods can afford this ‘lowest level’ auto jet.

“Its capabilities” Luo Feng looked at the screen carefully. Beside the emperor level auto jet was a basic explanation.

The emperor level auto jet: the AI system controls the jet, and the jet itself can defend against any horde leader level monster’s attack. Its maximum speed is mach 10.6.

“Not bad” Luo Feng nodded to himself. Most airplanes wouldn’t say they are able to defend against any horde leader level monster’s attack. Saying this means that the airplane’s toughness nears the level of an emperor level monster’s defense level! However, that investigator Liu’s “Universe level” auto jet is able to defend against emperor level monsters’ attacks.

His jet is not as powerful.

But it’s still powerful. A maximum speed of mach 10.6 means that it can travel over 10,000 km in an hour. Most emperor level monsters probably won’t be able to catch up to this auto jet. Most importantly, this thingy has AI, which means you don’t even need to get a pilot. Quite convenient.

“I’ll buy this, the emperor level auto jet” said Luo Feng.

“Okay”

The black haired man took a glance and then nodded, “You’ve exchanged 35 stars, what else do you want?”

Luo Feng looked a bit and then smiled as he shook his head: “Nothing else. Out of my 12 spirits of nature, the cheapest one, the ‘thousand year black crow root’, is only worth 1.5 stars. I’ll just keep that for myself. As for the other 11, I’ll exchange those” this way, Luo Feng is only left with the ‘thousand year black crow root’ spirit of nature.

Of course, he also has the four things he exchanged for: Spirit Reader Basics, Black God set, soaring shuttle, and the emperor level auto jet.

And he even got the Black God set for free.

“Okay” the black haired man, Hong, waved his hand, which caused the two big 3D holograms to completely disappear, making the room dark once again.

“Head” asked Luo Feng respectfully, “I want to ask something. This thousand year black crow root is supposed to be boiled into 3 kg of medicine. After that, we consume 100 mg every day. I want to know….. is it okay if we give some of it to regular people? They aren’t fighters, so should they drink a smaller portion?”

The black haired man, Hong, looked at Luo Feng deeply before saying: “It’s okay if you split it for others to drink. However, the effects of the medicine won’t be as great that way. As for regular people, they can consume 100 mg every day without a problem”

Luo Feng was overjoyed as he heard this.

“What do we boil the medicine with? Does it make a difference?” continued Luo Feng.

“No difference. It’s okay to even use water” said the black haired man, “No need to ask anymore. The “thousand year black crow root” comes with an in-depth manual”

Luo Feng nodded.

The room became quiet again. The black haired man, Hong, stared at Luo Feng. While being stared at by Hong, Luo Feng felt like he didn’t have anymore secrets, as if the gaze can see through his soul. The black haired man, Hong, said coldly: “Luo Feng, with your peak of the wargod level strength, there’s no need to stay in the elite training camp anymore”

“Yes” nodded Luo Feng.

“I’ll give you two paths” the black haired man Hong said without pausing.

Ever since he signed the contract at investigator Wang’s, it showed that…… from then on, Luo Feng is a member of the Dojo of Limits. Of course, the higher ups are arranging a job for him.

“One, stay in Hong Ning city and enter the special ops squad. Or maybe in the future you could apply to become a teacher in the training camp too, or some other position”

“Two, go to another headquarter city and become an examiner” the black haired man, Hong, quietly looked at Luo Feng, “Your choice”

Luo Feng froze.

“Pick seriously”

“These two choices are extremely important to you” said the black haired man, Hong, seriously, “Staying to defend and being sent off to missions are the two paths of a wargod in the Dojo of Limits! Once you choose, it’ll be extremely difficult to change your choice in the future. Unless you have a breakthrough and become an existence surpassing the wargod level. You’ll have special rights when you become an investigator”

Just like a job in an enterprise, it’ll be hard to switch after choosing between two jobs.

“Staying? Being sent off?”

Luo Feng paused for a bit. Once he chooses, he’ll be stuck in a certain place for quite a while.

“I wish to return to Jiang-Nan headquarter city and take the position of examiner there” said Luo Feng respectfully.

“Jiang-Nan headquarter city?”

The black haired man, Hong, nodded, “The current examiner of Jiang-Nan city isn’t a local, so according to the rules of the Dojo of Limits, those from their hometown have priority”. The position of examiner is a position with a lot of authority. The number of examiners in the Dojo of Limits of each headquarter city can be counted on one hand!

Usually, one must receive the title of “Advanced Wargod” and be quite famous to have the right to become an examiner!

To become a chairman, beginner wargod and intermediate wargod would be enough. The minimum requirement is ‘beginner wargod’.

To become a chief instructor, the minimum requirement is ‘advanced warlord’.

From the requirements, one can tell–

The differences in the three positions!

In Jiang-Nan city, the chairman and the three chief instructors of the Dojo of Limits’ Limit Hall are the big heads on the surface. Examiners control the weapons, and examiners with a lot of authority can even fire a chief instructor directly! And assign a new chief instructor! Or they can request the Dojo of Limits to fire the chairman. Of course….. examiners don’t have the right to fire a chairman directly.

And examiners…..

Take direct orders from the highest level in the Dojo of Limits. Just one investigator doesn’t have the right to fire an examiner. They’ll have to go through a round table conference to decide on that.

At a certain point, examiners have a gigantic amount of authority and are one of the strongest people in an area.

“To become an examiner, your title has to at least be ‘advanced wargod’” said the black haired man, Hong, “What you need to do now is to receive an advanced wargod title!”

“Yes” said Luo Feng.

From his battle score, Luo Feng is still a ‘beginner warlord’. Of course, in terms of actual strength, he’s already an ‘invincible wargod’.

“When you achieve the title of ‘advanced wargod’, you’ll automatically become an investigator” said the black haired man, Hong, “I want you to go to Jiang-Nan headquarter city and take up your position”

“Yes” answered Luo Feng.

Dojo of Limits, world headquarters. From the entrance of the mysterious, gigantic space shuttle-shaped structure, Luo Feng walked out with a red robed white man.

“Mr. Luo Feng” smiled the red robed white man, “Look there. That auto jet over there is yours”

“Oh?”

Luo Feng turned his head and saw a deep blue colored triangular jet on the empty area beside them. The surface of the entire jet plane was beautiful and was practically a work of art. The length of the plane was around 20 meters long and the width was around 10 meters long. The entire plane seemed quite sturdy and tough.

“This auto jet, is mine” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to feel a bit prideful.

Which man of this age doesn’t want to have their own fighter jet?

And fighter jets are extremely expensive, so even within the circle of wargods, only a select few have purchased them.

“Mr. Luo Feng, since you haven’t used this auto jet before, there’ll be a system confirmation process in the beginning” smiled the red robed white man, “Please follow me”

They arrived next to the jet.

A dreamy, blue light shot down as it enveloped Luo Feng. Suddenly, “HUALA–” the hatch swiftly opened and only let out a small sound.

“Mr. Luo Feng, only you can enter now, I cannot enter” the red robed white man stood beside and had trouble hiding the admiration in his eyes, “After entering, the confirmations are automatically done by the ‘AI system’. Mr. Luo Feng just has to stay inside the plane. After a while, Mr. Luo Feng will understand everything”

Luo Feng nodded.

He stepped into the plane. The seats in the plane were extremely elegant. Sitting inside a plane like this was a pleasure.

HUALA!

The hatch closed. Various lights lit up the interior of the entire auto jet, making it quite dreamlike. At the same time, an electronic sound rang: “Hello master. I will immediately display the controls of this emperor level auto jet” after saying that, a hologram appeared at the front of the cabin.

In the hologram appeared diagram after diagram that were all easy to understand.

They explained in detail how to control this plane.

“Beep!”

A red light shot towards the tactical communications watch on Luo Feng’s left wrist. As it connected with the tactical communications watch, it began to install the long distance auto jet control system in the watch.

A moment later–

“That was quite simple, it’s all done by the AI so I don’t have to worry about anything at all” Luo Feng let out a smile.

“I’ll name you….. #1” Luo Feng randomly gave a name.

“Yes, master” rang the electronic sound.

At the same time, a silver, locked case popped out of the floor of the cabin. After it completely appeared, the hole on the ground completely closed again. The electronic sound continued: “This case was left for the master by the Dojo of Limits”. After hearing this, Luo Feng’s eyes flashed. This must be the case where the Black God set, soaring shuttle, and the other items were placed in.


Chapter 164: Soaring Shuttle

Luo Feng’s fingers drew across the locked case and it opened automatically.

On the very top was a manual. Luo Feng opened it up and couldn’t help but to smile: “This manual is quite detailed. The Black God set, soaring shuttle, instruction manual, and spirit of nature all have detailed explanations. Hm? There are only three of those items here. The Spirit Reader Basicsinstruction manual isn’t here”

Luo Feng lowered his head and started looking through the items in the case.

Indeed– there were only three packaged goods: the soaring shuttle, the Black God set, and the spirit of nature. There wasn’t even a Spirit Reader Basicsinstruction manual here.

“How come there’s no instruction manual?” Luo Feng carefully read through the manual. The manual explained that the Spirit Reader Basicsinstruction manual was top secret, so the physical instruction manual won’t appear. If you want to learn it, there’s only one way– enter virtual space and read the instruction manual in there!

Holy!

He has to enter virtual space just to learn from his own instruction manual, this is being way too careful.

“It must be extremely important, or else the head wouldn’t resort to doing such a thing” thought Luo Feng. After that, he yelled at the air: “Hong Ning headquarter city map”

After Luo Feng spoke, a hologram suddenly appeared in front of him, which displayed a detailed map of Hong Ning city. The map’s size could be freely adjusted by Luo Feng. Soon enough, he found a spot on the map. Besides confirming locations via the map, he could also use his voice….. as long as the AI system can confirm the location.

“Destination, elite training camp” Luo Feng tapped with his finger.

Whoosh!

The dark blue colored triangular fighter jet swiftly ascended, which attracted the attention of quite a few people at the Dojo of Limits headquarters. Quite a few of them were admiring the jet. However, they couldn’t tell that this was an auto jet just from its appearance. In fact, many people on earth don’t even know about auto jets. The price difference between an auto jet and a regular fighter jet is extremely huge.



The sky was dark and the elite training camp was very quiet. All the wargod teachers in the elite training camp didn’t have much to do, since all the students were undergoing their life and death adventure. So many wargod teachers left the training camp to go back home or to walk and relax themselves near scenic locations. Only a rare few of them stayed here.

The students’ life and death adventure month was also the month where the wargod teachers are on break.

Silence.

Whoosh!

A deep blue colored triangular fighting jet descended like a phantom. While it descended, the hatch opened and Luo Feng carried the silver case as he leaped out like lightning. As for the triangular fighter jet, it slowly descended and then shut its hatch. After that, it didn’t move again.

“Eh, how come there’s a fighter jet here?”

“No idea, where’d it come from?”

Two workers at the elite training camp looked at this triangular fighter jet in shock.

“To be able to enter this training camp, they must be someone with special rights, or an advanced level wargod, or even an existence surpassing the wargod level” the two workers couldn’t handle it and started observing this fighter jet from the side for quite a while. Even the family members of the wargod teachers still remaining in the training camp noticed this fighter jet.

But nobody knew whose it was.

Since the fighter jet descended too suddenly and Luo Feng dashed out too quickly. Only the patrol squad at the front gate was barely able to see a shadow fly out the plane.

…..

Jiang-Nan pagoda 2nd floor, study room.

The silver case was already opened, and inside was just the packaged ‘Black God set’ and the ‘Soaring Shuttle’. As for the ‘spirit of nature’, Luo Feng left it in the auto jet, since he’ll be returning to Jiang-Nan headquarter city soon. The auto jet is a very safe place to leave his spirit of nature.

“Using the Black God set sure is simple” Luo Feng looked at the manual.

After a human wears the Black God set, it’ll automatically seep into your skin and absorb some of your fresh blood. After it absorbs some fresh blood, the Black God set will undergo a transformation, causing the ‘Black God set’ to become extremely synchronized with the human body. Like the skin on your body, it’ll follow your every thought.

The Black God set was placed in a case that was only 20 cm long that was made out of a pure white plastic material.

“RIP!” Luo Feng tore off the plastic. Inside the case was a black glove that seemed qutie sturdy.

“If I didn’t read the manual, I definitely wouldn’t be able to imagine that this thing is the Black God set” Luo Feng let out a smile. The Black God appears in all types of forms. It might appear as a ‘glove’, or a ‘vest’, a ‘hat’, ‘pants’, or even a ‘ring’.

However, no matter what it looks like, there’s no difference!

Since you can freely transform it after you wear it.

“The Black God set” Luo Feng picked up the black glove, took in a deep breath, and then….. fit it onto his left hand.

Luo Feng waited silently.

At first, he didn’t feel anything at all. After a full 30 seconds, his left thumb seemed to have been pierced by a needle. CHI~ the entire black glove started boiling like water. The black droplets were shaking. At the same time, Luo Feng’s five fingers, palm, and the back of his hand were all in pain.

Thankfully, the pain wasn’t too intense.

The naked eye could see….. the red color seeping into the black droplets. Countless black droplets wrapped around Luo Feng’s left hand. When the red color merged into the black droplets, the black droplets seemed to have undergone some transformation. This entire process lasted for about 15 minutes before it stopped.

“Hm? How magical”

Luo Feng could feel the wind blow past with his left hand!

Yes!

This black glove was like the skin of his body, just like a part of him.

“Change, change, change”

Luo Feng stared at the black glove. Instantly, the black flowing light swiftly spread out as it continuously covered Luo Feng’s entire left arm. At the same time, parts of the black flowing light broke off and directly covered his right arm. And it even it spread out towards his two feet, legs, neck, and every part of his face.

“Too amazing” Luo Feng walked to the mirror nearby and looked at himself.

Beneath his clothes, his entire body was covered in a layer of black skin. Even his face became black. Only his eyes, nose, and mouth were revealed. “Throwing knife”. Luo Feng picked up a SS grade throwing knife and slashed at his own arm! However, as if he just slashed against an extraordinarily tough piece of leather, not even a mark was made.

“Change!” with a thought from Luo Feng.

A black cape appeared on his body, and then a black suit.

“Change”

A black hat appeared on his head, and then it turned into a helmet, and even a black tie.

During the night.

In the wilderness around 300 km away from Hong Ning headquarter city, the night wind blew and a black flowing light pierced the sky.

“Feels good”

Luo Feng was in midair and was standing on a shuttle* shaped object. It was a silverish gray color and stripe-shaped with two pointed ends. The middle was slightly wider and thicker. Its length was 81 cm and its two pointed edges were extremely sharp. The wide center was 27 cm wide. The entire object was a bit thin and had very densely packed markings all over it.

“Whoosh whoosh~”

While he rapidly flew, the horrifying currents in the air actually went along the packed markings, forming streams of air. The streams of air formed by the countless markings oddly merged together. They went along Luo Feng’s body, forming a ‘streamlined shield’ visible to the naked eye. This was a shield completely made out of air.

When flying, the faster you go, the more air resistance you encounter.

But the ‘soaring shuttle’ that Luo Feng is riding on creates currents of air that form a perfect streamlined shield, causing the resistance to lower to a startling point.

Whoosh!

Like a flash of black lightning, Luo Feng flew above the wilderness with no worries at all.

“This soaring shuttle sure is a great treasure” Luo Feng was extremely excited, “After riding on the soaring shuttle, my speed more than doubled!” Luo Feng compared the time it took to fly the same distance on his shield and on his ‘soaring shuttle’. It took him 2 minutes and 32 seconds on his shield but only 1 minute and 12 seconds on his soaring shuttle.

After that, Luo Feng went out of his way to find a place that was around 10 km long to test his speed.

“According to the results of my tests just now”

“My maximum sprinting speed is around 720 m/s”

“If I don’t use any spiritual force and only rely on my two legs, I can sprint at 561 m/s”

“And if I fly on my shield, my speed is around 618 m/s”

Spirit readers or existences surpassing the wargod level usually sprint faster than they can fly! When sprinting, one, you can still use your spiritual force to assist you, and two, you can use the power of your two legs! Existences surpassing the wargod level fly via special abilities. On the ground, they can still use their special abilities and also their two legs.

“If I fly on the soaring shuttle, my speed reaches an astonishing 1,300 m/s”

Tonight, Luo Feng came to the wilderness to, first, hunt for a high level horde leader level monster. Before, he already hunted a golden ape, so now he just has to hunt one more high level horde leader monster. That way…. with the materials of two high level horde leader level monsters, he’ll be able to attain the title of ‘Advanced Wargod’.

And his second objective is to test the power of his ‘soaring shuttle’ in the wilderness.

He has already tested one part of the soaring shuttle–speed!

“Even if I fly on my shield, some existences surpassing the wargod can’t catch up to me, like that representative Farr” Luo Feng was in high spirits, “And on my soaring shuttle, my speed reaches an astonishing 1,300 m/s. Increasing one’s speed by just a bit is extremely difficult”

With his legs, he can go up to 561 m/s. With his spiritual force working on his shield, he flies at 618 m/s. But even if you combine the two, it only becomes 720 m/s.

Clearly, the faster you go, the more air resistance you encounter.

And now, Luo Feng’s speed shot up to 1,300 m/s in an instant! Even existences surpassing the wargod level can only reach such speeds if they are on the ground. Once they fly, first not mentioning 1,300 m/s, just reaching the speed of 1,000 m/s? Probably– difficult! difficult! difficult!

Thankfully, Hong isn’t a spirit reader and also got the cloud contact vines. Otherwise, he probably wouldn’t be willing to give such a treasure to Luo Feng.

“Now to test its attack power”

Luo Feng descended and then landed on the ground. The flying shuttle hovered in front of him. With a thought-

Whoosh!

Six blades shards detached themselves from the soaring shuttle. Each of these blade shards were curved and extremely thin.

“According to the manual, each of these blade shards are quite powerful and are extremely suitable for spirit readers to use. Oh yea….. the manual also said that the entire soaring shuttle can disassemble” with a thought, Luo Feng tried doing so. Suddenly….. whoosh, the soaring shuttle instantly spread out into pieces.

The densely packed thin and small blade pieces hovered in midair.

365 blade pieces in total.

The entire soaring shuttle was made out of this special material. The soaring shuttle was forged via special means using these 365 blade pieces!


Chapter 165: Palace of Wargods

Dawn of the second day. The cars weaved through the busy streets of Hong Ning headquarter city.

Inside a six wheeled hummer. There was lots of space inside and, other than the front row, the back row was like a resting lounge. There were soft couches and a refrigerator. Yet, a super gigantic backpack took up an enormous amount of space in this car’s resting lounge, and Luo Feng sat alone on the couch.

After spending an entire night in the wilderness, Luo Feng became more familiar with the soaring shuttle. At the same time, he also found a high level horde leader level monster and killed it!

Maybe…..

For the usual advanced level wargod, hunting a high level horde leader is extremely difficult, since the high level horde leaders escape too quickly. There are also countless monsters following the horde leader. However, Luo Feng’s speed on his soaring shuttle greatly exceeds the high level horde leader’s speed. With no chance to escape, Luo Feng killed it directly!

“The monster materials are all prepared. I’ll first go get the title of ‘advanced wargod’” Luo Feng looked at the tactical communications watch on his wrist, “Hello” Luo Feng dialed.

“Hello, Mister. This is the Limit Skyscraper, would you like to make an appointment?” a soft sound rose. Chinese was used first, and then English was used to repeat the sentence.

Luo Feng said directly, “I want to speak to one of your directors. I want to sell monster materials”

“Usually, the managers handle the business” explained the receptionist.

“The price of this business will exceed ten billion chinese dollars”

After saying this, the other side slightly paused. Soon after: “Mister, when will you arrive?”

“15 minutes later” answered Luo Feng.

“I still don’t know your name?” the receptionist started making records.

“Luo Feng”

“I have made an appointment for Mr. Luo Feng to meet director Zhang in 15 minutes” the receptionist’s attitude clearly changed by quite a bit, since the price of the monster materials exceeded 10 billion chinese dollars. Keep in mind that this is the Dojo of Limits, not the HR alliance! The HR alliance usually has high prices compared to the Dojo of Limits. Even though the Dojo of Limits’ prices are lower by quite a bit, you receive contribution points.

On the Dojo of Limits’ side, usually only high level horde leaders sell for over 10 billion chinese dollars.

For someone to sell monster materials of this level, could they be normal?

Limit Skyscraper, a skyscraper that was 88 floors tall. It was one of the signature buildings of Hong Ning city.

As the headquarters of the Dojo of Limits, Hong Ning city has many fighters from the Dojo of Limits. Of course, the flow of people in the Limit Skyscraper is also gigantic, and tons of them were drinking and hanging out at the bar in the lobby of the first floor.

“Mr. Luo Feng”

Two women wearing suits greeted Luo Feng at the door.

“Let’s go” Luo Feng was wearing his black battle uniform and was holding a backpack that was around 2 meters tall with one hand.

With the two receptionists guiding him, he passed the lobby and went inside an elevator.

“What a guy, that backpack was at least 2 meters tall”

“Just how many monster materials were stored in there?”

Languages of all types sounded. The backpack of a fighter was indeed layer by layer. If you unlock all of them, then the backpack could store a ton. However, very few people store that many materials.

Inside the elevator.

“Backpack?” Luo Feng held onto that black backpack with one hand and couldn’t help but to smile. This actually wasn’t the backpack that he purchased before, but….. a backpack formed by the ‘Black God set’. Like Phantom Demon Catalan, he’s too lazy to use a backpack or battle uniform since he has a Black God set.

“Ding!”

The elevator door opened, floor 32.

Under the guide of the female receptionist, they entered a spacious living room. Inside the living room sat a woman who seemed to be around 40 years old.

“Hello, Mr. Luo Feng, my family name is Zhang” smiled the female named Zhang.

“HUALA!”

Luo Feng directly pulled open the lock on the backpack and poured all the monster materials inside into a pond beside him. This caused the female named Zhang to freeze a bit, but after she saw the materials that poured out, she couldn’t help but to take in a deep breath, because there were three obvious sharp spikes that stood out from the pile. There were still some hints of blood on those spikes.

“Komodo T.rex*!” the woman named Zhang couldn’t help but to gasp.

“You leave first” the woman named Zhang waved her hand at the receptionist.

The receptionist works here, so of course she knows a lot about the different types of monsters. After she heard ‘komodo T.rex’, she couldn’t help but to look at Luo Feng with shock.

“Yes, director” the receptionist responded and then left.

“The spikes of a komodo T.rex? From its color and size, it’s probably a high level horde leader” the woman named Zhang couldn’t believe this.

The komodo T.rex is one of the most horrifying high level horde leader level monsters. Most people on earth called it ‘T.rex’ because they could find traces of it from the komodo. The komodo T.rex is probably one of the various mutations of the komodo dragon from before the Grand Nirvana period. And it’s one of the most horrifying mutations! Those three spikes are the spikes on the komodo T.rex’s spine, its most valuable part.

Any monster with the name ‘dragon’ in it is not to be trifled with.

Most advanced level wargods cannot kill a ‘high level horde leader level’ komodo T.rex.

“Deal with the materials here” Luo Feng frowned, “I still have things to do”

“Yes, Mr. Luo Feng”

Soon enough, the woman named Zhang started using her apparatus to examine each of the materials. After examining, the woman named Zhang was flabbergasted…… she never would’ve thought that the two high level horde leader level monsters would be the komodo T.rex and the golden ape. Both of them are considered to be extremely horrifying within the high level horde leader level.

“Help me reset my battle score and reconfirm my title” reminded Luo Feng, “I killed those two high level horde leader level monsters by myself”

To become an advanced level wargod, you have to hand over two of the most important materials of two high level horde leader level monsters. And you have to kill those monsters by yourself. Barely any wargods would lie about this, since lying does them no good….. there isn’t any benefit in attaining a powerful title if you don’t have the strength to back it up.

For example, your true strength has to be recognized by the higher ups of the Dojo of Limits to attain the title of examiner.

You can’t just get the title of examiner from your own title.

“Okay” the woman named Zhang nodded.

But was filled with amazement at the same time…..

“Too crazy. Even if he wanted to get the title of ‘advanced level wargod’, he could just go for a weaker high level horde leader level monster. He actually got a komodo T.rex and a golden ape” the woman named Zhang was stunned.

“Mr. Luo Feng”

The woman named Zhang said respectfully, “The golden ape is 8 billion chinese dollars and 4 million contribution points. And the komodo T.rex is 12 billion chinese dollars and 6 million contribution points. So in total, Mr. Luo Feng will receive 20 billion chinese dollars and 10 million contribution points.

Luo Feng nodded.

Actually, selling the materials to the Dojo of Limits doesn’t net him a good price. For example, the golden ape would be worth 12 billion if sold to the HR alliance. And the komodo T.rex can rival the steel armored dragon, so it could reach a price of 18 billion. In otherwords….. he could get a total of 30 billion if he sold the materials to the HR alliance.

And here, he only gets 20 billion. Of course, he gets 10 million contribution points, making Luo Feng reach a ‘four star contribution rank’ in an instant.

“Since I’ve become an examiner and have lots of authority now, I can’t let my contribution rank be too low. A four star contribution rank should be able to get me through” thought Luo Feng to himself. As for 10 billion? Maybe money is hard for other advanced level wargods to make. Even Luo Feng had a very hard time killing the golden ape back in the continent of Australia….. as for the other horde leaders, he failed to kill them many times.

At that time, he was already a spirit reader nearing the advanced level wargod level.

Which could count as an invincible wargod!

If he didn’t have his soaring shuttle, then Luo Feng’s kill rate would be lower.

And now–

Invincible wargod! With the soaring shuttle! Killing high level horde leaders is really easy.

“However, on the manual was also head’s reminder” Luo Feng still remembered that there was a phrase on the manual in the box that contained the soaring shuttle, Black God set, and the spirit of nature–

“Do not kill too many high level horde leader level monsters in the same area, for it could cause that area’s ’emperor level monster’ to go after you!”

…..

“Mr. Luo Feng, 20 billion chinese dollars has been transfered to your fighter account, and your contribution rank also rose to four stars” the woman named Zhang sat in front of a notebook and tapped on the wireless keyboard. After that, she smiled towards Luo Feng, “After becoming a wargod, people usually join the Palace of Wargods and receive a ‘consciousness sensor’. However, the people from the Palace of Wargods will send some people to test Mr. Luo Feng’s strength”

Luo Feng glanced at the display.

On the display was Luo Feng’s information. On the row of ‘rank’ was ‘Wargod level (advanced)’.

There was also a popped up box at the bottom, which contained the words—-

“Palace of Wargods application, evaluating……”

In just a few seconds.

The woman named Zhang remained smiling: “Mr. Luo Feng, people from the Palace of Wargods will come today. It will not be long”

“Beep!”

An ear piercing sound rang.

“Hm?” Luo Feng and the woman named Zhang looked over.

On the display of the notebook appeared another pop up— “Palace of Wargods examination qualified!”

“How did he pass without anyone coming to assess him?” the woman named Zhang was shocked. She has been a director for a long time but has never witnessed anything like this before. However, she has heard that….. some powerful fighters are recognized by the Palace of Wargods committee and will pass without having to take the test. However, such cases are rare.

The recognition of the committee, what does that signify?

Every representative of the Palace of Wargods highest committee is an existence surpassing the wargod level!

“Mr. Luo Feng, someone will bring all the stuff to this skyscraper” smiled the woman named Zhang.

“Ok” Luo Feng wasn’t in a rush.

Moments later–

The room to the living room opened automatically. Three men in suits walked in, and one bald man of Asian descent carried a metal box as he handed it over to Luo Feng respectfully: “Wargod Luo Feng, welcome to the Palace of Wargods. You shall receive a consciousness sensor helmet for free. With this consciousness sensor helmet, regardless of location, anyone who puts this helmet on can directly enter the virtual space”

“Consciousness sensor helmet?” of course Luo Feng was familiar with it, he used it during his time at the training camp.

After becoming a wargod, everyone receives their own helmet.

“As a member of the Palace of Wargods, you will have many special rights. Of course, with these special rights come special responsibilities” the bald man in front handed over the metal box, “After wargod Luo Feng enters the virtual space via the consciousness sensor, you will understand all the special parts about the Palace of Wargods”

“Thank you” Luo Feng smiled as he took it.

His finger drew across the lock, beep, the metal box directly opened, revealing the dark blue helmet within.

“How nostalgic” thought Luo Feng to himself.

“Good bye, everyone” smiled Luo Feng as he put the metal box into the black backpack that he was carrying with his left hand. He carried the backpack and directly walked out. As he walked out the door, he quietly said to his tactical communications watch, “#1, come pick me up at Limit Skyscraper”

“Time to go home!”

“Jiang-Nan headquarter city!” Luo Feng headed towards the elevator. At the same time, that dark blue jet flew away from the elite training camp and headed towards Limit Skyscraper to pick up Luo Feng.


*In Chinese “T.rex” is literally ‘explosive/raging dragon’. So T.rex still has the word “dragon” in it.


Chapter 166: Return to Jiang-Nan

Above the Limit Skyscraper was a descending, dark blue auto jet, which surprised quite a few fighters who were entering and exiting the skyscraper.

Whoosh!

Luo Feng easily and swiftly leaped into the air, as if he was a relaxed bird. This one leap was a few dozen meters high. Of course, his spiritual force aided him in this. Under the gazes of the fighters at the Limit Skyscraper whose jaws have dropped, Luo Feng, who was around a few dozen meters high, flew inside the automatically opened hatch.

HUALA! The hatch closed.

Luo Feng sat comfortably inside the plane. The light reflecting off of the various components inside the plane appeared quite dreamy.

“#1, return home” said Luo Feng.

Luo Feng already told the AI system that ‘home’ was Ming-Yue sector in one of the eight parts of China’s Jiang-Nan headquarter city, ‘Yang Zhou’ city.

“3D hologram, activate” said Luo Feng.

Whoosh!

Suddenly, a 3D hologram appeared in front of Luo Feng, which portrayed the skies outside. Luo Feng could see the weather and whether or not there was a flying monster horde.

Jiang-Nan headquarter city, Yang Zhou city, Ming-Yue sector.

Even though it was dawn, Ming-Yue sector was extremely lively. A lot of people were gathered in front of Limit Hall.

“Old Luo, your son’s really coming back today?”

“Didn’t old Luo’s son head over to the Dojo of Limits headquarters and say that he wouldn’t be back until new years?”

“Why would I lie to you guys. My son just called me not too long ago and said he would be home in about half an hour” laughed Luo Hong Guo. As of now, Luo Hong Guo’s face was extremely red and seemed to be way more energetic than before. Since he used to be a laborer, he always had to lower his head in front of other people.

Now, he’s a lot more confident. And also has a lot more free time.

“Not right, shouldn’t Luo Feng be undergoing his Life and Death adventure right now?” Wu Tong was confused, “Maybe there was a mistake”

“No. My son never lies” bragged Luo Hong Guo.

Gong Xin Lan was also chatting with a group of housewives.

In Ming-Yue sector, no matter whose family’s fighter returns, there will usually be a lot of people to welcome them! Because….. a fighter’s path is a dangerous path where your brain hangs on your belt, who knows when you would lose it. For example, if Luo Feng let his guard down in the continent of Australia, he would’ve been blown away by Li Yao’s laser cannon.

So–

Whenever a fighter returns, everyone in the sector is extremely happy. Luo Feng’s parents told a few people they were on good terms with about Luo Feng’s return.

“Not right” Wu Tong was confused.

As a chief instructor, he knows quite a bit about the training camp. August is the month of the Life and Death adventure, so students shouldn’t be returning home. There are only two possibilities– one, the student was expelled or disqualified. Two, the student graduated early. But Luo Feng only went for half a year.

How come he’s back already?

“Hello” Luo Hong Guo picked up his phone and let out a face of joy, “You’ll be here soon, 5 minutes? Alright, alright, your family is all waiting here. There are quite a few uncles and aunts here in the sector too”

“Luo Feng should’ve notified us earlier about his return” laughed a housewife, “Our family’s old Chen is always talking about Luo Feng. If he knew that Luo Feng was coming, he and brother Zhang wouldn’t go to class today”. Chen Gu and Zhang Ke are brothers that have experienced life and death with Luo Feng.

They’ve been through grave situations together!

“Watch the cars at the gate, he’ll probably be here soon” smiled Gong Xin Lan.

“For Luo Feng to arrive so quickly, he probably took a plane during the night” a group of people were discussing. A lot of people thought that Luo Feng rode on a passenger plane to the main city sector, and then rode a train from there to Yang Zhou. After that, he transfers again to a car….. and returns home!

Suddenly—-

“Everyone look”

“What’s that in the sky?”

Quite a few people awaiting Luo Feng in the small sector looked towards the sky with shock. A dark blue light drew across the sky and stopped above Ming-Yue sector. Since it was quite high up, the naked eye could only see a tiny spot. They could barely make it out: a triangular shaped dark blue fighter jet.

Descend!

The dark blue triangular fighter jet slowly descended. As it descended, its size naturally increased and became clearer to the naked eye.

“How come this fighter jet is over here?”

“I saw one last time at the main city sector, a disc shaped one. This one is quite weird”

Ming-Yue sector’s fighters discussed with their families. And ‘Wu Tong’, whose position is the highest here, watched carefully. Suddenly, his face changed: “It’s a fighter jet from HQ”

Whoosh!

The dark blue triangular fighter jet slowly descended onto a grassy area deep within the sector. With a length of over 20 meters, one could only see its beauty, luster, and curves up close….. a disc shaped fighter definitely can’t hold a candle to this.

HUALA! The hatch opened.

A youth wearing jeans and a casual shirt stepped out the hatch while carrying a huge backpack.

“Luo Feng!”

“It’s Luo Feng”

“It’s actually him” suddenly, the various families in the sector that were staring at the mysterious fighter jet rushed over. Luo Feng immediately spotted his parents within the crowd and couldn’t help but to smile as he walked over.

A group of people passionately greeted.

“Dad” Luo Feng walked over.

“Feng” Luo Hong Guo grasped Luo Feng’s hand, but looked towards the fighter jet to the side, “Hurry, they brought you all the way here. Hurry and let them off so we can thank them”

Chief instructor Wu Tong also smiled as he walked over. He lowered his voice as he said: “Luo Feng, they spent all their time and effort to bring you here, so don’t just carelessly make a scene as you walk out alone. Hurry and tell the person who brought you here and the pilot to come out and sit for a bit. Even if they don’t, we still have to thank them”. To Wu Tong, not just your average person could call out a fighter jet from HQ.

“Thank them?” Luo Feng froze.

How would he thank them?

Should he tell uncle Wu and his parents that there’s nobody inside? Many people on earth don’t know about the existence of auto jets.

“This is a plane I bought” said Luo Feng.

“Bought?”

The surrounding crowd was shocked. Luo Feng’s parents and his brother Luo Hua all froze! As of now, buying a private jet is at least 100 times harder than it was before the Grand Nirvana period. Keep in mind that even many rich people can’t afford to ride on a large scaled commercial plane.

One can imagine just how few people can buy a fighter jet.

Only an extremely small amount of wargods can do such a thing, and they usually buy regular disc shaped fighter jets.

“Uncle Wu, I’ll treat you to some drinks later” Luo Feng smiled as he greeted the surrounding people. After that, he returned home with his parents and brother. Soon, the news of him becoming an examiner will spread….. so even if he says he bought this plane himself, nothing much will happen.

The various families of Ming-Yue sector, including Wu Tong, were frozen for quite a bit.

Holy shit!

A kid like Luo Feng bought a fighter jet? And not the common disc shaped fighter jet? Quite a few people couldn’t get their heads over this information for quite a while.

“Not right, if the plane is parked here, how come the pilot isn’t coming out?” after quite a while, someone finally reacted. And by that time, Luo Feng already returned home.

Jiang-Nan headquarter main city sector, inside the Dojo of Limits headquarters.

Chairman Zhou Zheng Yong was sitting on a couch in a room. A cup of tea was placed in front of him.

“Examiner Liu” Zhou Zheng Yong smiled as he held his cell phone, “I’ve bothered you quite a bit during your stay here at Jiang-Nan headquarter city all these years. Thank you for all your help these years. Once you leave, the Thunder Dojo will probably be a bit more powerful than our Dojo of Limits here at Jiang-Nan city”

“You said the new examiner?” Zhou Zheng Yong laughed bitterly, “How should I know how powerful the new examiner is? Whether or not he can compare to the one at the Thunder Dojo”

“The notification hasn’t arrived yet. It’ll probably come soon”

Zhou Zheng Yong smiled, “I’m in the office. I’ll know immediately when the notification arrives”

“Alright, when I go to headquarters in the future I’ll definitely meet up with examiner Liu”

After that, Zhou Zheng Yong hung up.

Just yesterday, he learned that examiner Liu was going to be sent back to world headquarters. It’s just that the notification of the new examiner isn’t arriving….. and just now, which is the dawn of today, examiner Liu received the official notification. However, examiner Liu himself already left on a passenger plane last night.

“Now that examiner Liu is gone, I wonder who the new examiner is going to be” thought Zhou Zheng Yong to himself.

“Knock! Knock! Knock!”

The sound of knocking rang.

“Come in” said Zhou Zheng Yong.

The door opened and three people came in. They were precisely the three chiefs of the Dojo of Limits headquarters at Jiang-Nan city, Zhu Ge Tao and the others.

“Chairman, we just received notice of examiner Liu’s departure. I wonder who the new examiner is?” the shortest of the three chiefs, a skinny man who was wearing a white collared shirt, frowned.

“I don’t know either, the notification hasn’t arrived yet”

Zhou Zheng Yong shook his head, “That examiner Liu was quite comfortable here. He never even bothered with our matters and just devoted himself to his training, so everybody got along well! And examiner Liu is also extremely powerful. Once we run into some problems, he can easily deal with them. The government respects him too. This new examiner……”

“Will the new examiner be like steel faced Bao Zheng?” Zhu Ge Tao couldn’t help but to ask.

Steel faced Bao Zheng was the nickname the chairman and chiefs of that time gave to the examiner at that time.

When steel faced Bao Zheng was an examiner, he fired six chiefs and even kicked out a chairman! Which caused everyone who came after that to be filled with worry.

“Don’t know” Zhou Zheng Yong shook his head.

The other three chiefs were filled with worry too.

As for authority, examiners can easily fire chiefs and any position below that without even asking for the opinion of the higher ups. Once they actually get to it, they can even get rid of a chairman.

“Beep!” Zhou Zheng Yong walked towards the notebook beside him. “The notification arrived”

yelled Zhou Zheng Yong. The other three chiefs ran over too, their hearts filled with worry as they looked towards the notebook’s screen!

With a click, the notification opened!

“Luo Feng?”

“Home is, Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Yang Zhou city?”

“Strength evaluation…… invincible wargod?”

The chairman and the three chiefs exchanged glances.

“It’s, it’s….. that little kid we sent to the elite training camp back then?” Zhou Zheng Yong couldn’t help but to ask, he was still filled with disbelief, “Invincible wargod?”


Chapter 167: Meeting Luo Feng

“How is that possible?”

The three chiefs on the side couldn’t believe this.

“Look at his information” yelled the skinny man. The big four of the Dojo of Limits headquarters stared.

“His ID is 426123203806083211” followed a burly, tall chief, “He was born on 6/8/2038, which is to say, he’s only 19 years old this year! A 19 year old examiner?”

“19 years old?”

Chairman Zhou Zheng Yong and Zhu Ge Tao and the others exchanged glances. All of a sudden, everyone went silent.

If seeing ‘Luo Feng’ and ‘Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Yang Zhou city’ could make one suspect that it’s just a person with the exact same name, everything was cleared up after seeing the identification number! Since everyone has their own unique ID number. This message came from the Dojo of Limits world headquarters, so they must have went through a series of procedures; there’s no way they accidently wrote the wrong person’s name!

“It’s really Luo Feng”

“It’s really him”

The chairman and the three chiefs were all in different moods. Zhu Ge Tao had a bit of joy hidden in his heart right now. When he just found out about Luo Feng’s talent, Zhu Ge Tao helped Luo Feng a bit. Originally, he was just randomly expanding his connections, but who would’ve thought that in just one year, Luo Feng would become his superior!

“He’s only 19 years old, how did he become a wargod, and an ‘invincible wargod’ at that?” the skinny man was quite confused.

“Yu Sen”, laughed Zhu Ge Tao, “Stop thinking about it. There’s definitely no problem with what’s written here in the notice”

“Now this is troublesome” frowned the burly brute, “The new examiner is only 19 years old. Since he’s so young, he’s probably not the calm and collected type. Young people act on their emotions! Maybe one of us would get fired out of his rage if we accidently offend him”

Younger people indeed have a temper problem compared to older people.

“Yea” the others, including Zhu Ge Tao, nodded.

“Don’t worry too much” smiled Zhou Zheng Yong, “Young people having bad tempers isn’t good for us, but…… young people aren’t mature yet, so they aren’t as adept with dealing with people and work. If we just compliment him a bit, he’ll be happy. And those old people are sly as sly can be, so it’s hard to make them happy”

The other three chiefs nodded.

“So everybody put your heart into this. This Luo Feng is from Jiang-Nan” Zhou Zheng Yong’s expression became serious as he said seriously, “According to the rules, these positions give priority to locals! And this Luo Feng is an ‘invincible wargod’ and also a local, so after he becomes an examiner, he’ll be staying in this position for a while”

The other three chiefs understood that even if a new examiner appears at headquarters….. they definitely won’t be arranged to come to Jiang-Nan headquarter city. Because, this ‘Luo Feng’ of Jiang-Nan headquarter city is a local and an invincible wargod, so who has the right to take his spot?

“If this Luo Feng doesn’t make a breakthrough, he’ll probably stay in this position for a few dozen years”

“And once he makes a breakthrough, he’ll become an existence surpassing the wargod level, an investigator! His position will become even higher and can fire me, a chairman, with just a phrase. So we have to make him happy”

said Zhou Zheng Yong seriously.

Whether or not Luo Feng makes a breakthrough, he’ll always be above them. And since Luo Feng is a local, he’ll probably be staying in Jiang-Nan headquarter city for quite a while. Since they’ll be working under Luo Feng, of course the four of them have to make Luo Feng happy.

“Don’t worry, chairman”

“We understand”

“None of us are dumb” said the three chiefs.

“Very good” nodded Zhou Zheng Yong, “I’ll give Yang Zhou city’s Ming-Yue sector a call”

“Hello”

Zhou Zheng Yong took out his phone and dialed, “Wu Tong, the Luo Feng from your sector……”

“What?” as Zhuo Zheng Yong listened to Wu Tong’s recount, his face kept changing. Zhu Ge Tao, Yu Sun, etc. all listened carefully too. They were barely able to hear the words ‘fighter jet’ and ‘Luo Feng’.

After a moment, the call ended.

“What happened, chairman?” the three people looked at Zhou Zheng Yong.

Chairman Zhou Zheng Yong let out a smile: “Luo Feng, just now, arrived at Ming-Yue sector in a triangular fighter jet. And that Luo Feng even said….. that he bought that fighter jet himself!”

“He bought it? He just became an examiner, how could he afford it?” the burly brute couldn’t help but to say.

“Who cares how he bought it” Zhou Zheng Yong’s face sunk as he yelled, “Old Wang, keep in mind that from now on, Luo Feng is an examiner. He is the one with the most authority in our Dojo of Limits here in Jiang-Nan headquarter city! So watch what you say and stop saying he, he, he. If you make Luo Feng unhappy, one word can make you lose your position”

The burly brute was a bit shocked and then laughed: “Chairman, I just didn’t have time to process this yet”

“We still don’t know about this Luo Feng’s temper, so watch yourselves” Zhou Zheng Yong commanded, “Everyone prepare yourselves. 20 minutes later, we’ll ride on a fighter jet and meet the examiner in Yang Zhou city”

“Yes”

responded the three chiefs.

Yang Zhou city’s Ming-Yue sector, Luo Feng’s home.

Luo Feng’s family was happily eating breakfast around the dining table. However, the originally lively scene changed because of one phrase from brother Luo Hua.

“Bro, you said you aren’t leaving anymore? How come?” asked Luo Hua.

“The world headquarters appointed me as examiner of the Dojo of Limits headquarters at Jiang-Nan headquarter city” Luo Feng’s words made his father, mother, and brother go silent. Father Luo Hong Guo couldn’t help but to ask: “Feng, this examiner position sounds like it’s pretty big. How big is it?”. Even mother Gong Xin Lan was curious.

In the small sector, the positions they talk about the most are the chairman and the three chiefs.

As for examiners, who everyone almost never sees, they are rarely talked about.

“Dad, mom” Luo Hua just recovered from his shock on his wheelchair as he excitedly said, “It’s an extremely big position that has even more authority than the chairman! In all of Jiang-Nan headquarter city, on the Dojo of Limits side, they are number 1!”

“Bigger than the chairman?” Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan froze.

They were just regular civilians. Even though they had a son who was a fighter, the chairman of Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Dojo of Limits headquarters was definitely a figure with a lot of authority. Keep in mind that to become a chairman, you have to be a wargod! You also need a ton of connections to be able to get into this spot.

And our son? Has more authority than such a figure?

“Feng?” Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan looked towards Luo Feng.

“Yea” Luo Feng nodded.

“The fighter jet I brought back this time” said Luo Feng, “costs more than 100 billion, and you can’t buy it just with money” to help his parents clearly understand his current level of authority, Luo Feng directly told them the price of his fighter jet. Indeed, money isn’t enough to get this emperor level auto jet!

For example, the Home of Limits and the HR alliance doesn’t sell auto jets! The special discounted price for high ranking people in the Dojo of Limits, like examiners, still reaches up to a price of 180 billion.

If other countries or powers want to purchase it, the Dojo of Limits wouldn’t even sell it for 200 billion! Keep in mind that these ‘auto jet’ things…. can only be produced by the Dojo of Limits.

“Over 100 billion?” Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan were shocked again.

Holy!

How much money does the richest person in China have? Keep in mind that Venina’s astronomical bounty of ‘100 billion’ caused countless fighters on earth to go crazy. One can imagine, even for the richest people in the world, how breathtaking an amount of 100 billion is! As for people who lived in rental homes like Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan…..

Astronomical number!

Although usually, even an ‘invincible wargod’ can’t afford such a thing! Luo Feng got lucky and made a killing out of the spirits of nature found on the misty island! Or else who knows when he would be able to afford it, and would be willing to pay such an amount of money for an auto jet.

“Oh”

Gong Xin Lan and Luo Hong Guo blinked a couple times before they recovered.

“Feng, just how much authority do you have? And how much money?” Luo Hong Guo asked a dumb question.

Authority and money?

“Authority? How should I say this…..” Luo Feng didn’t know how to explain. Invincible wargods, other than the existences surpassing the wargod level, are the strongest fighters! They have an astonishing amount of authority. As for money…… for someone who has a soaring shuttle like Luo Feng, hunting horde leader level monsters is extremely easy.

Horde leader level monsters are his money making machines.

The only problem is….. that he can’t kill too many horde leaders in the same area, or else he’ll anger that area’s emperor level monster.

“Don’t ask stuff like that. Can an old guy like you even spend 100 billion?” Gong Xin Lan scolded as she laughed.

“Feng” Gong Xin Lan couldn’t help but to say, “I have something I need your help with, look…..”

“Mom, if you have anything, then just say it” followed Luo Feng.

Gong Xin Lan sighed: “Back then, me and your dad went through the Grand Nirvana period. At that time, me and your dad were still young! During the Grand Nirvana period, human society rumbled and countless people died. Me and your dad became orphans at that time”. Luo Hong Guo also recalled the events of those years on the side.

The Grand Nirvana period!

The saddest time of humanity! All human cities were attacked and entire countries were eradicated!

“I had so many cousins…..” said Gong Xin Lan. Gong Xin Lan and Luo Hong Guo were born while the one-child policy was still in effect, so they were both the only child! However, their parents had many brothers and sisters, which led to them having many cousins.

“When we were escaping, we couldn’t worry about anything else. Who had the time to search for their relatives” Gong Xin Lan shook her head as she sighed, “And the Grand Nirvana period experienced unforeseen chaos. Tons lost their homes and identification. There were way too many who lost their parents and became orphans. Me and your dad’s name were registered by ourselves”

“That period was way too chaotic”

“By the time the construction of a headquarter city and the rebuilding of the country stabilized everything, 10 years passed already. Me and your dad were living in rental homes, so of course we didn’t have the time and money to search for our relatives”

After becoming an orphan, their feelings towards their relatives strengthened.

Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan have always wanted to search for their relatives. They had so many relatives back then, so some must still be alive….. however, without enough power, they had no way to search! Even a family with a fighter doesn’t have that ability.

“Dad, mom”

Luo Feng nodded seriously, “Don’t worry, I’ll search for all our relatives”. This is the first thing he’s going to do as an examiner, and something he’s going to do for his parents.


Chapter 168: The Helmet’s Safety Issue

When Luo Feng, his parents, and his brother reunited, Ming-Yue sector became lively again, because the main city sector’s chairman and three chiefs were about to arrive.

Chief instructor Wu Tong brought a few dozen fighters with him as he waited.

“How come the chairman and the three chiefs are coming?”

“It’s quite rare for the big four to come to our sector together” these fighters were discussing.

“They’re here” Wu Tong looked towards the sky.

Everyone quieted down and looked towards the sky.

A flowing light pierced the sky and then decelerated. The light formed into a dark blue disc-shaped fighter jet as it hovered above Ming-Yue sector. It started to slowly descend!

“Go, let’s welcome the chairman” Wu Tong brought the few dozen fighters to welcome them. As for the family of those fighters, they were prohibited from coming near. They were welcoming the chairman and the three chiefs, how can they have a bunch of random spectators around?

HUALA–

The hatch opened and a staircase extended out automatically. With chairman Zhou, who was wearing black, in the lead, the three chiefs followed. All of them walked down the staircase.

“I greet the chairman, the three chiefs” Wu Tong bowed.

“We greet the chairman, the three chiefs” the group of fighters bowed.

Quite a few family members of the fighters who were watching from afar were extremely excited as they quietly discussed amongst themselves. These people were the Big Four of Jiang-Nan headquarter city! It’s rare to see even one of them!

“Ok” Zhou Zheng Yong nodded.

The group of fighters held their breath. Back when Wu Tong brought Luo Feng to meet chief Zhu Ge Tao, he was extremely respectful. Keep in mind….. that a chief instructor of a sub city can’t even compare with a chief of the entire headquarter city. And don’t even talk about comparing him with the chairman! In front of the chairman and the three chiefs, all the fighters were extremely respectful.

“Is examiner Luo home?” smiled Zhou Zheng Yong as he asked.

Silence!

Wu Tong and the few dozen fighters froze. Examiner Luo? Who is this examiner Luo?

“Luo….. examiner Luo?” Wu Tong froze.

“Examiner Luo, as in Luo Feng” smiled Zhou Zheng Yong. He didn’t dare to boldly say “that kid Luo Feng”, since Luo Feng is his superior and Luo Feng’s strength has been declared as ‘invincible wargod’ by the higher ups of the Dojo of Limits. How could Zhou Zheng Yong, an intermediate level wargod, mess with that?

“Luo Feng? Examiner Luo?” Wu Tong and the group froze.

Zhu Ge Tao smiled on the side: “The world headquarters sent us a notice: Wargod Luo Feng has officially become the examiner of our Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Dojo of Limits headquarters. We came here this time to greet examiner Luo”

“Luo Feng, oh, examiner Luo is with his family at home” Wu Tong’s responded the fastest as he replied, “Chairman, three chiefs, should I notify the examiner?”

“I’ll contact him myself” smiled Zhou Zheng Yong as he dialed.

Wu Tong and the group of fighters stared at Zhou Zheng Yong.

The call went through.

“Oh, examiner Luo, I am Zhou Zheng Yong” Zhou Zheng Yong’s face was filled with smiles as he said respectfully, “I have already arrived at Ming-Yue sector. The three chiefs are beside me. No rush, no rush. We’ll wait here at Limit Hall for examiner Luo”

After hanging up, Zhou Zheng Yong looked at Wu Tong as he smiled: “Wu Tong, go, let’s take a look at your Yang Zhou city’s Limit Hall”

“Yes, chairman” Wu Tong quickly followed.

…..

Soon enough, the entirety of Ming-Yue sector went into an uproar. Luo Feng was the new examiner of Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Dojo of Limits. This news spread from one person to the next. Other than those who weren’t in the sector, everyone already knew. Everyone was excited and shocked and only came to realization after connecting this fact to the fighter jet they saw earlier.

“No wonder Luo Feng can afford a fighter jet, it’s because he became an examiner”

“Call him examiner, stop yelling Luo Feng Luo Feng”

“The examiner is only 20 years old this year. If you count his exact age, he’s only 19 years old. He hasn’t even married yet. Does he have anyone in mind?”

“Not that I’ve heard of”

Some people have started to try to get closer to Luo Feng’s family while others searched for a potential wife for Luo Feng. Anyways, all sorts of things were going on! Since an examiner….. to become an examiner, you first have to be an advanced level wargod! And within the advanced level wargods, you have to be quite famous. Such a person, even across the entire world, means business!

If someone’s family member can marry Luo Feng, then their entire family will have it easy.

Limit Hall, first floor’s living room.

There were a total of five people in the living room: the Big Four of Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Dojo of Limits, and Luo Feng. And right now, Luo Feng was sitting on a chair. After walking to Limit Hall from home, the attitude of a few neighbors and fighters in the sector confused Luo Feng….. they seemed to be too passionate, and some people even yelled ‘Examiner Luo’.

Then Luo Feng realized– his identity is out!

However, it was going to be revealed regardless, so Luo Feng had time to prepare.

“Examiner Luo, let me introduce to you” chairman Zhou Zheng Yong smiled, “These three, are the three chiefs of our Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Dojo of Limits. This is Zhu Ge Tao, this is Wang Ke Fan, and this is Yu Sun”

“We greet the examiner” Zhu Ge Tao, Wang Ke Fan, and Yu Sun all stood up as they said.

“Don’t be so polite, relax. Everyone sit”

“All of you count as my seniors, and Zhu Ge Tao even helped me out back then, so I am extremely grateful” said Luo Feng honestly. He has met a few existences surpassing the wargod level and even met the world’s strongest fighter, ‘Hong’, face to face. Now that he’s with Zhou Zheng Yong, Zhu Ge Tao, and the others, Luo Feng was quite calm and relaxed.

After a few minutes of talking, Luo Feng’s relaxed manner erased a bit of the Big Four’s worries.

It seems like…..

Even though this young man’s position is high, he isn’t cocky and full of himself. The Big Four let out a big sigh of relief in their hearts.

“Chairman Zhou” said Luo Feng, “Of course, I’ll do what an examiner is supposed to do. As for the various things in the Dojo of Limits in Jiang-Nan city, we should probably keep them the same way. I’m young and don’t really understand this, nor do I feel like understanding this”. After hearing this, chairman Zhou and the others were overjoyed.

“However, I hope none of you step out of bounds” Luo Feng’s expression became serious, “Since headquarters gave me the position of examiner, I still have to be able to carry my duty out for the sake of the higher ups”

Even though he said that…..

Truthfully, Luo Feng hasn’t even taken a look at the mail, which explained the duties of an examiner, sent to him from the Dojo of Limits headquarters yet.

“Do not worry, examiner Luo, we definitely will not cause trouble for you” promised Zhou Zheng Yong right away, “If anyone steps out of place, I will punish them before examiner Luo even says a word”

“Not that serious” smiled Luo Feng, “I am still easy to talk to, although my temper rages a bit sometimes, since I’m young. Please take care of me, fellow seniors”

“I have a favor to ask for, chairman Zhou” said Luo Feng.

“Please ask, examiner Luo”

Luo Feng took in a deep breath and said slowly, “During the Grand Nirvana period, my parents were separated from their relatives. I want to ask chairman Zhou to help me search for my parents’ cousins from back then, and find out whether or not my parents’ seniors are still alive”. Even though his parents were orphans…..

It was so chaotic back then. His parents were still young, so who knows whether or not his grandma or grandpa is still alive.

“This……” frowned chairman Zhou, “this is quite a difficult task”

Luo Feng frowned.

Chairman Zhou continued: “Mainly because many cities from back then were taken over by monsters. Internet databases were paralyzed and lots of information was lost. Many people lost their identification. That is why our Dojo of Limits can not investigate this matter. We have to investigate through the Chinese government! The Chinese government’s civilian data is quite detailed”

“There’s no problem with asking the government to help right?” asked Luo Feng.

“For the Chinese government, examiner Luo’s words would hold way greater weight than mine” smiled Zhou Zheng Yong, “Yeah, but I will tell them when I get back. Once they know that examiner Luo wants a favor, they will definitely put their heart into it”

Invincible wargod! It’s attractive even for China, one of the five countries.

“Okay” nodded Luo Feng.

“Since you just took up the position of examiner, according to the rules, we have to hold a gigantic welcoming ceremony for you. At that time, all the important people from the economic world, political world, fighters, etc. will participate. Even some important people within China will probably come” said Zhou Zheng Yong, “I don’t know when the examiner hopes to hold this ceremony?”

Luo Feng froze.

Becoming an examiner is something big, so of course he has to show himself; he can’t just hide. Luo Feng knew these were the rules.

“How about this, I’ll rest a bit at home first since I just returned, hm….. the first day of the next month, which is September 1st, will be a good day to hold the ceremony and welcome our guests” said Luo Feng.

He just returned, so today at Ming-Yue sector was extremely lively. At night, Luo Feng gathered with Chen Gu, Zhang Ke, and other friends and they all enjoyed themselves.

Deep in the night, 11 PM. Silence.

Luo Feng sat on the sofa in the listening room as he held a tea cup. He read the email on the large display of the listening room, which described the various responsibilities he had after becoming an ‘examiner’.

“Okay”

“This is quite easy” nodded Luo Feng. Beside him was a dark blue helmet that was currently sitting on the sofa.

Luo Feng picked up the dark blue helmet.

When using this ‘consciousness sensor’ helmet, the most important thing is to– make sure to keep yourself safe! Because once you put on the dark blue helmet, your consciousness will enter the virtual space. When this happens, it’ll be a problem if someone wants to assassinate you. However, within the fighter’s sector of a headquarter city, nobody would dare to do such a thing.

However, the manual…… still reminded the user to keep themselves safe.

This ‘consciousness sensor’ helmet also has a safety feature: it can detect whether or not someone enters within its detectable range.

“Maybe others are concerned about their safety, but I’m not”

Luo Feng smiled as a black membrane covered his entire body. With his ‘Black God Set’ protecting him, what is there to fear?

“Safety range, 5 meters x 5 meters” Luo Feng still set it anyway and the windows of the room were sealed. Once someone enters the safety range, Luo Feng’s consciousness will be automatically kicked out of the virtual space.

“Whoosh!”

Luo Feng directly put on the helmet. The Black God set even extended over the dark blue helmet. He sat there cross legged, as if he was a black sculpture.

Enter virtual space!

The Palace of Wargods is in the virtual space, and he has to go in there to read his Spirit Reader Basics.


Chapter 169: Spirit Reader Basics

This was an extremely large and quiet room. Luo Feng, who was wearing a simple white robe, suddenly appeared in the room.

“What a large room” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to gasp.

With a glance, the length of the room was over 50 meters, and the width was around 20 meters. The ceiling was 5 meters high. In otherwords….. the area of this room exceeded 1,000 square meters. In the middle of the room was a large, circular bed with a diameter of three meters. In front of the bed was an indoor pool with a length of 20 meters and a width of 10 meters.

A bed, a pool, desks and chairs, an elegant dining table, a relaxer chair, a training section with yoga mats….. in this gigantic room with over 1,000 square meters of space, the space was neatly divided into several sections.

“Hehe”

Luo Feng let out a smile.

“Welcome, wargod Luo Feng” an electronic sound suddenly rang, which shocked Luo Feng.

“This is your private room within the Palace of Wargods. Other than you, nobody else can enter the room” the electronic sound reverberated within the room, “In the Palace of Wargods, you can order whatever you want to eat or drink. There are many delicious delicacies that don’t exist in real life”

Luo Feng froze? Advertising food and drink?

“On your desk are two books. One is the Palace of Wargod Rules and the other is the Spirit Reader Basics. I hope you enjoy your time in the Palace of Wargods” the electronic sound disappeared.

“Have fun?” Luo Feng laughed.

This Palace of Wargods is a place to provide entertainment for wargods?

The desk was closer to the window, and the entire southern side of the room was a gigantic french window. Through the window, he saw the extraordinarily beautiful, phenomenal sights outside.

“Paradise?”

Through the window, Luo Feng looked outside. The outside world seemed limitless. Mist emanated around and refracted the unending beams of sunlight, causing the light of the seven colors of the rainbow to shoot off. It was absolutely beautiful and stunning. Even though he knew this was virtual space, this 100% virtual modeling caused one to think it was real. One couldn’t help but to be amazed at such beauty.

“Let’s first take a look at the Spirit Reader Basicsinstruction manual” Luo Feng walked towards the desk where the two books were placed. One of the book’s cover was black and had the four large words Palace of Wargod Rules on it. The cover of the other book was black with a bit of starlight flashing from within, as if it was as mysterious as the starry sky.

It had three large words on it–Spirit Reader Basics.

“This one instruction manual is worth 3 stars, even more expensive than an emperor level fighter jet” Luo Feng picked up this instruction manual and started reading.

…..

“Spiritual force comes from one’s spirit, one’s soul! The body is the foundation, the basis of one’s spirit”

“Spiritual force can only grow, become stronger, in one’s body. Because the relationship between the body and spiritual force is special, once spiritual force comes into contact with a person or animal, it’ll automatically go through. So spiritual force cannot directly attack an enemy’s body. It must attack via special means, like knives or other weapons”

After reading this part, Luo Feng couldn’t help but to nod his head.

Indeed!

Just like when he sprints, his spiritual force is working on an external object, like his shield, the bottom of his battle boots, his armguards, etc. and not on his clothes. Why? Because, from the atomic perspective, there are many holes on the battle uniform! When the spiritual force works on the battle uniform, a lot of it will naturally pass through these holes and go through the person’s body.

It is still a bit effective.

But only 1/10 of what it potentially could be. And when you use it on places like the shield, the bottom of the battle boots, etc., 100% of the effect is brought out.

“Spiritual force, can have form, and be formless”

“Form, allows it to possess astonishing power. It can control objects and kill enemies over 100 meters away”

“Formless, allows it to slip into one’s heart without notice and kill them without making any sort of sound”

“It is absolutely silent, and never conforms to one state”

“All spirit readers are split into three categories….. the first kind, controlling objects to kill enemies. The second kind, attacking an enemy’s mind directly. The third kind, monster taming”

…..

Luo Feng continued to read. About half of the entire book was talking about “controlling objects to kill enemies’. The second half mainly talked about ‘attacking an enemy’s mind directly’. As for the third kind, ‘monster taming’, not much was was written about it.

“Hm?” when Luo Feng continued to read about the first kind, ‘controlling objects to kill enemies’, a line caused his eyes to lighten up.

“Spirit readers that focus on controlling objects, once they become strong enough, have three categories they train: “spiritual force strength”, “weapons”, “technique”. This book is mainly going to discuss “technique”. In terms of technique for a spirit reader, it is mainly about how many weapons a spirit reader can control at once while maintaining maximum power”

“For example, an ‘intermediate level wargod level’ spirit reader can reach up to 160,000 KG of impact power with one throwing knife!”

“If he controls five knives, where each one has 160,000 KG of impact power, it will be 800,000 KG of impact power in total!”

“Then what if he controls ten knives at the same time, where each one can reach its maximum? That’ll be 1,600,000 KG of impact power!”

“And what if he can control 20 knives at the same time, where each one can reach its maximum? That’ll be 3,200,000 KG of impact power!”

“Maintaining maximum power while controlling many weapons….. the spirit reader will naturally be stronger that way. The next part will introduce to you, how to raise the number of weapons you can control at once while maintaining maximum power on each one”

After reading this part, Luo Feng was stunned.

Yea, the number of throwing knives he can control!

That Phantom Demon Catalan was only an intermediate level wargod level spirit reader, and yet he could control nine daggers at once, where each of the daggers were at maximum power! As for Luo Feng, even though he was already a ‘peak of the advanced level wargod level’ spirit reader, can only control six throwing knives at once. The number of throwing knives he can control are too few.

“I can maintain an impact power of 500,000 kg on my throwing knives! So six of them would be an impact power of 3,000,000 kg. If I can control 10 throwing knives…… 5,000,000 KG? 20 throwing knives would be 10,000,000 KG, holy! Even an existence surpassing the wargod level probably can’t block that” Luo Feng was extremely excited.

As he kept reading, Luo Feng realized the difficulty of maintaining maximum power on each of the objects he controlled!

Under no special training, Luo Feng could be considered as talented for being able to control six throwing knives at once.

Phantom Demon Catalan trained for dozens of years and only reached nine daggers! However, Phantom Demon Catalan doesn’t have the Spirit Reader Basicsinstruction manual to guide him and had to figure things out himself. On earth, the amount of spirit readers that can control over 10 throwing knives at once at maximum power won’t exceed five.

20 throwing knives?

This is something that all the spirit readers on earth look up to.

“No wonder this instruction manual is worth 3 stars and can only be read in the virtual space” the more Luo Feng read, the more excited and happy he became, “It seems like going up by one throwing knife is difficult. However, as long as there’s a way to train, then I’ll improve eventually if I keep at it”

After finishing the ‘controlling objects’ section, Luo Feng’s blood was boiling. He continued to read the ‘spiritual attack’ section.

“Oh?”

“In your own consciousness, your spiritual force is strengthened by a level. When your spiritual force enters someone else’s, not only will it not become stronger, it will also be restricted by the enemy’s consciousness, thus weakening it by a level?” Luo Feng mumbled to himself, “In other words, if you want to kill someone with just your spiritual force, you have to be three levels higher!”

If an advanced level wargod level spirit reader’s spiritual force enters a beginner level wargod level spirit reader’s realm of consciousness, the advanced wargod level’s spiritual force will be restricted while the beginner level wargod level’s spiritual force will be strengthened, thus making them equal!

Only when you’re higher by three levels!

Can you kill them!

“What? Regular fighters have powerful spiritual force too?” Luo Feng was shocked as he read the description.

Regular fighters don’t have the ability of telekinesis!

But that doesn’t mean they are spiritually weak. In reality, powerful fighters with solid wills have powerful spiritual forces. For example, an advanced level wargod has a very small amount of spiritual force in his realm of consciousness. In terms of quality, it isn’t much weaker than the spiritual force of an ‘advanced level wargod level spirit reader’. It’s just that the quantity differs by too much.

…..

Spiritual attacks are quite complicated. Apparently, people on earth aren’t that good at it anyway.

There are 18 attacks recorded in total in the instruction manual.

There are “Illusory Dream”, “Phantom Eye”, “Spiritual Awl Pierce”, “Soul Shaker”…… quite a few famous techniques, and a full 18 of them.

The way to kill people is–

Use these techniques to distract your opponent and then kill them with objects!

“First use this technique and then control an object?” Luo Feng sighed to himself, as he was a bit disappointed with this so called spiritual attack. However, Luo Feng was still preparing to learn those 18 techniques anyway.

…..

He continued reading the third section– monster taming.

In the book, your spiritual force is capable of taming monsters. As of now, there are nine spirit readers who have succeeded in taming monsters. However, there was only one method of monster taming recorded– spiritual communication! A very delicate way of becoming friends with monsters.

He closed the book.

Luo Feng let out a deep breath and then walked next to the window as he gazed at the infinite sky and ocean outside.

“A price of 3 stars, how expensive” Luo Feng let out a smile, “But, worth it!”

Only after reading did Luo Feng understand why ‘Hong’ treasures this instruction manual so much. You can say that after reading the Spirit Reader Basicsinstruction manual, Luo Feng completely understands how to train as a spirit reader. The book mentioned ways to ‘raise the number of throwing knives you can control’ and also has the 18 spiritual attack techniques.

Just these techniques are priceless. Who knows how ‘Hong’ even gathered all of these.

“If I got this instruction manual one year ago, then I would probably have twice my current strength!” Luo Feng gazed outside the window, his heart filled with extreme joy.

Keep training hard I guess.

According to the descriptions in the book, once the number of throwing knives an ‘advanced level wargod level spirit reader’ reaches a certain point, he can even make a breakthrough and become an existence surpassing the wargod level!

“I’ll focus with object controlling and use a few spiritual attack techniques as support” thought Luo Feng to himself.

Work hard!

Now that he’s an examiner, he can take it easy a bit and safely train this ‘object controlling’ technique. Maybe he’ll even be able to shoot past the wargod level.

“Time to see the other wargods”

“All the wargods on earth are in this Palace of Wargods! Who knows how many of them there are” Luo Feng was curious about just how many wargods were on earth!


Chapter 170: “3516”

Luo Feng stood in front of his desk and opened the black cover of the Palace of Wargod Rules. There was only a single sheet of paper inside.

“Welcome to the Palace of Wargods”

“The Palace of Wargods was formed together by the first chairman Hong and the second chairman Thunder God to be the most powerful fighter organization. All the wargods and existences surpassing the wargod level on earth are a member of the Palace of Wargods. Only existences surpassing the wargod level have the right to become representatives of the administration of the Palace of Wargods, which is the ‘Palace of Wargods committee’.”

“And in the committee are the five big chairmen, divided into first chairman, second chairman….. all the way until the fifth chairman”

“These five people are the five strongest fighters on earth!”

“Which is to say….. the positions in the Palace of Wargods are split into three levels: regular member, representative, chairman”

“In the Palace of Wargods are ‘stores’, ‘auction houses’, ‘competition plazas’, ‘training towers’…… many functions that await for you to discover them!”

Just a short piece of paper.

After reading this, Luo Feng laughed and then walked towards the cabinet. He put on some casual attire and then pushed the door open as he left the room.

As he walked along the hallway, he naturally appeared at the external corridor of the Palace of Wargods’ outer wall. This external corridor was nine meters wide. He stood on the external corridor that was like a castle wall as he looked below. Below was a gigantic plaza of the Palace of Wargods, which had a full nine arenas.

What about outside the plaza?

“RUMBLE~~” huge black waves smashed into the surrounding wall of the plaza over and over again. The gigantic Palace of Wargods was like a huge palace hovering above an infinite sea.

“Who designed this? One side of the Palace of Wargods is an infinite mist while this side is an infinite sea”

Luo Feng shook his head.

“Hello” a voice appeared from behind. Luo Feng turned his head and looked over. The man speaking was a tall, white man, who was currently smiling as he extended his hand, “My name is Vladi”

“Luo Feng” Luo Feng smiled as he shook his hand and complimented, “Your Chinese is quite good”

“Thank you for the compliment” Vladi’s face was all smiles, “Mr. Luo Feng, you seem quite young, and this is my first time seeing you. If it’s the only thing I, Vladi, am good at, I know 99% of the wargods on earth. So Mr. Luo Feng probably hasn’t come here that many times”

Luo Feng looked at the person in front of him with shock.

99% of the wargods on earth? Maybe it’s an exaggeration, but it still shows his confidence.

“This is my first time here” smiled Luo Feng.

“Oh, first time” Vladi’s eyebrows raised and had a mysterious smile on, “You’re going to have a surprise later then”

“Surprise?”

While talking, Luo Feng and Vladi, the two wargods, have arrived at a spiral staircase leading to the first floor’s lobby. Luo Feng was currently at the third floor, so he was probably around 10 meters away from the first floor. And yet, the ceiling of the first floor was around 30 meters high and over 100 meters in both length and width!

This lobby is bigger than most schools’ gymnasiums!

In this gigantic lobby were large amounts of sofas and chairs, at least a thousand of them. And now, there were nearly a thousand people sitting with their friends and chatting as they drank.

“So many wargods!” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to hold his breath.

You have to at least be a wargod to enter the Palace of Wargods! And now, there are nearly a thousand wargods in front of him. This was the first time he has ever seen so many wargods at once. Even at the elite training camp, there were only a few dozen wargods. And in Jiang-Nan city, meeting even one wargod is a rare occurrence.

“Mr. Luo Feng, wargods are usually spread out, so they would rarely encounter other wargods. Because of this, many wargods frequently come to the ‘Palace of Wargods’ to have some drinks and chat, which also counts as making connections” said Vladi.

“Yeah” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to nod.

This is where all the wargods on earth gather.

As he walked down the spiral staircase, Luo Feng looked around. Other than the many chatting wargods, there were quite a few absolutely stunning waiters in the lobby, whether in looks or in elegance. There were probably over 100 of them who were here just to serve the wargods. There was also a gigantic display on the wall of the lobby.

There was a number on it–‘3515.

“What does this 3515 mean?” Luo Feng was full of questions.

PA!

At this time, Luo Feng and Vladi got off the staircase and Luo Feng stepped on the extremely shiny floor of the first floor’s lobby. When he did that, the entire lobby suddenly went dark. The originally smooth, comfortable light became dim. The relaxing music instantly disappeared.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was extremely confused, and a smile appeared on Vladi’s face.

WHOOSH!

The originally chatting wargods virtually looked towards the staircase in unison. Their eyes glanced across Vladi and then stayed on Luo Feng!

“DING!”

After a sharp sound that could make one’s soul shake, the entire lobby rang with a ringing, passionate, and joyful music. This music reverberated around the entire lobby. The nearly thousand wargods in this extravagant lobby from all parts of the world stood up. Some of them even started clapping.

Some of them, work for the government.

Some of them, are special people hidden in the darkness.

Some of them, are mercenaries who live their lives killing.

Some of them, have peacefully retired and are enjoying their lives while teaching their students.

……

They are the most elite group of people in all of human society. They are the most wealthy group of people who stand at the top of the pyramid of human society.

Whoosh!

A dim light shone on Luo Feng.

“The Palace of Wargods, welcomes a new wargod, his name is….. LUO FENG!”

A thundering voice rang as if it came from the heavens!

After this voice rang, a 3D hologram appeared above the lobby, which displayed some huge words–

Name: Luo Feng

Country: China

Level: Wargod (advanced)


Just a simple three lines. Each of them are 3D and seemed to be carved out of stone as it hovered in midair.

“The number of wargods in human society increases by one more, it is now 3516!” the thundering sound echoed around the lobby. At the same time, the gigantic ‘3515’ on the gigantic display on the wall of the lobby jumped to ‘3516’. Furthermore, the happy music started to quiet down until it couldn’t be heard anymore.

The light shining on Luo Feng also disappeared.

Everything became silent again.

“This…..” Luo Feng didn’t know whether to laugh or to cry. He looked towards Vladi beside him. This Vladi definitely knew about this, but just didn’t remind him.

“The virtual space automatically introduces any wargod that has come for the first time” Vladi’s face was full of smiles, “Who would’ve thought that Mr. Luo Feng, despite becoming a wargod recently, would be an advanced level wargod. This is quite respectable”

In the Palace of Wargods, the near thousand wargods sat on their seats as they discussed with their friends.

Quite a few people were talking about this Luo Feng…..

There were only a few hundred advanced level wargods out of the 3516 wargods on earth. It is indeed rare for a new wargod to be an advanced level wargod.

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng!”

A few voices sounded and six shadows approached from a few faraway seats. Luo Feng looked towards them with shock…… he actually recognized all six of these people! These six people were teachers from the elite training camp! Even though he didn’t see his teacher Jiang Fang, he recognized everyone else. Within them was the wargod that originally brought him to the training camp, Yang Hui.

“Teacher Yang, Teacher Witt…..” yelled Luo Feng.

“Stop yelling teacher. You’ve already graduated, and the one who actually taught you was Jiang Fang, so just call us by our names” laughed Yang Hui. The other teachers from the elite training camp also nodded as they smiled.

No matter how powerful the student becomes, they have to respect their teacher.

However, every student in the elite training camp only has one teacher to teach them. Luo Feng’s teacher was Jiang Fang….. now that Luo Feng graduated and his position is high, only Jiang Fang deserves to be called ‘teacher’. Even though the others know Luo Feng, they haven’t actually taught him, so there’s no need for Luo Feng to do this.

“Luo Feng, according to the old rules, I’ll introduce you” Yang Hui smiled passionately. The other teachers also smiled as they stood to the side.

“Everyone!”

Yang Hui’s voice instantly became loud, and it rang across the entire lobby. The near thousand wargods that were chatting and drinking in the lobby all turned their heads over and saw Yang Hui’s group. Many of them watched on with interest. In this kind of place, wargods without a bit of background wouldn’t dare to yell like this.

“Let me introduce to everyone” smiled Yang Hui as he spoke loud and clear, “The one next to me is the new examiner appointed to Jiang-Nan city by the head of the Dojo of Limits himself!”

Uproar!

A huge uproar!

The Dojo of Limits is the world’s most powerful organization. Just look at them: other than the head, ‘Hong’, being the strongest fighter on earth, he has three royal guards and five big investigators below him. That’s a total of eight existences surpassing the wargod level! You can say that the Dojo of Limits’ elites are the most powerful.

Usually, an organization would be decent if it even had one wargod in it.

And there are tons of advanced fighters in the Dojo of Limits!

To become an examiner in a large headquarter city like ‘Jiang-Nan city’ means you have to be a powerful figure within the advanced level wargods!

“Not only that, but the higher ups gave brother Luo Feng the title of ‘invincible wargod’” Yang Hui’s face was full of smiles, “You all better get close to brother Luo Feng”

After saying this, the entire lobby was in an uproar.

Invincible wargod?

There are only a few hundred advanced level wargods on earth. Those at Yang Hui’s level, probably around a hundred people. And those at Phantom Demon Catalan’s level, not more than fifty people! Finally, only a few dozen people have the right to be called ‘invincible wargod’. These people either have their blade technique trained to an alarming level, or technique, or spiritual force……

Anyway, they have ultimate moves that are practically invincible!

Each of them are huge figures on earth.

“Luo Feng” said Yang Hui quietly to Luo Feng as he smiled, “You won’t blame me right”

Luo Feng smiled.

He knew the rules too. The Dojo of Limits usually take the initiative to advertise their powerful people. For example, the title ‘invincible wargod’ helps get the name out! And nobody would doubt the strength rating of the higher ups of the Dojo of Limits.

“Go, let’s sit over there” smiled Yang Hui.

“Luo Feng, the food and drink here is absolutely amazing. It’s the best” said the other wargod teachers as they walked.

In the Palace of Wargods, the wargods from the Dojo of Limits naturally formed their own group.

The lobby was filled with discussions….. quite a few people started to look at Luo Feng in a different way…..

Luo Feng, invincible wargod?

The news of his first appearance in the Palace of Wargods will definitely spread across the world like wildfire.


Chapter 171: Spirit, Resolve

A corner of the lobby.

“Luo Feng, get whatever you want. Since it’s your first time here, it’s my treat” smiled Yang Hui as he handed over a menu from the waiter to Luo Feng.

“Oh?”

Luo Feng accepted it with curiosity. He opened up the menu and took a look: every single dish and drink had English and Chinese descriptions. On the back, the prices were written in Earth dollars, Chinese dollars, US dollars, Euros, Rubles (Russia), and Rupees (India).

“One glass of wine is almost 100,000 dollars?”

“What is this ‘Dragon Liver’, 880,000 dollars?” Hm, most of these dishes are fine, like 100,000 Chinese dollars for each one” Luo Feng was shocked and couldn’t help but to smile towards the wargods beside him. He smiled as he said, “Everyone, this is my first time here at the Palace of Wargods, but I have to say that the prices here are quite expensive”

All the food and drink in the virtual space is virtual, but who would’ve thought that they would cost more than their real life counterpart.

“It is expensive, but there is no helping it” the wargod teacher on the side, Brad, shook his head as he sighed in his twisted Chinese, “There is only one place that sells food and drink in the Palace of Wargods; there’s no other place to buy this! However, even though the food and drink in the virtual space is 100% virtual, it feels like you’re actually eating it. As long as you aren’t looking to fill your stomach and are eating it just for the taste, then it is worth it”

Usually, when a few wargods randomly order some food and drink, the resulting bill is over a million Chinese dollars.

If it’s an extravagant meal, then it’ll probably be over ten million Chinese dollars!

Only the most wealthy people on earth, the ‘wargods’, can afford to spend like this. The usual rich person wouldn’t dare to be so extravagant. For wargods, even if they are serving some organization, a yearly salary of five billion Chinese dollars is normal. For elite wargods like Luo Feng, they just have to hunt a monster on the level of a ‘T-Rex’ or ‘Steel Armored Dragon’ to earn 10 billion…..

Would they still care about some food?

“The taste, is indeed…..” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to compliment.

“As for taste, how can the real world compare to the virtual space” laughed Yang Hui.

Luo Feng then asked the group: “I have always been curious about just how many representatives are in the Palace of Wargods?”. If you’re a representative, you’re an existence surpassing the wargod level.

“A total of 52 representatives and five big chairman” laughed Ji Tao on the side.

“52 of them, so many?” Luo Feng was a bit shocked.

“A lot?”

The wargod teacher on the side, ‘Witt’, shook his head, “Under the five big chairman, there are only 52 representatives. With a worldwide population of seven billion people, there isn’t even one representative for every 100 million people. And our Dojo of Limits’

‘three royal guards’ and ‘five big investigators’ have already taken up eight of them!”

“And the Thunder Dojo. Even though they don’t have as many as us, they also have six representatives”

“There are also those who aren’t willing to work for others and have created their own mercenary groups. There are seven or eight people like them. Five or six of them are at the HR alliance. Just adding these together, 26-30 representatives are used up already” Witt’s head shook a bit from speaking all this Chinese, “After that are the five powerful countries and 23 headquarter cities to split up the remaining 20 or so representatives! And some of the representatives are prideful and prefer solitude, so they live a life hidden from the world, ignoring every organization. So how many representatives can those powerful countries receive?”

Luo Feng froze as he listened.

The Dojo of Limits, the Thunder Dojo, the various mercenary groups, and the HR alliance have already taken up over half of the representatives.

“As for representatives that are loyal and willing to serve their country, for example China, it would be nice if there were even three or four of them” smiled Yang Hui, “Of course– a country’s power cannot be underestimated. For example, some of our Dojo of Limits’ investigators are Chinese. Even though they are part of the Dojo of Limits, if China asks for help….. they will definitely lend a hand”

Luo Feng nodded.

A representative could be in the HR alliance or become a mercenary, but that doesn’t mean that they won’t help their native country when the time comes! Since it’s their native country after all! So on the surface, a country has three to four representatives under its wing, but it can actually call up to seven to eight representatives when it has to.

“Luo Feng, how about we go to the stores of the Palace of Wargods in a bit? The things here in the Palace of Wargods are much cheaper than it is outside” suggested Yang Hui.

Luo Feng’s interest rose as he asked: “There’s an auction house here right?”

“Of course”

Ji Tao held his wine glass on the side as he said with excitement, “The monthly auction is quite interesting! Over 90% of the world’s wargods will come on that day! Keep in mind that….. even the largest auction on earth has trouble gathering people from every organization. Only the Palace of Wargods can do such a thing!”

Luo Feng nodded. Each of the large headquarter cities, especially on different continents, are separated by the ocean. The only form of transportation are the commercial airplanes, which is quite troublesome.

However, the Palace of Wargods….. allows all the powerful fighters on earth to gather together.

“The auction here can gather so many people, so there are many interesting things” explained Yang Hui, “We can also set up our own things for auction. However, there are certain conditions….. the objects you want to auction off must be worth at least one billion Chinese dollars. There’s no upper limit”

“Is there an elixir of life?” asked Luo Feng directly.

“In the past seven months, five of them had an elixir of life” introduced Yang Hui, “If my memory serves me correctly, there will be an elixir of life in this month’s auction too”

Luo Feng was overjoyed, and then confused.

How come there are so many elixirs? Didn’t the American government want the elixir of life to appear to be rare?

“How come the American government is auctioning off so many elixirs?” asked Luo Feng in a confused tone.

“The elixir of life only seems valuable in the outside world” scoffed Yang Hui, “In the second half of this year, there will be a public auction open to every fighter. And there will only be one portion of elixir of life! However….. this is the Palace of Wargods!”

“In the Palace of Wargods, there are huge amounts of valuables to be auctioned off every month. Things worth billions and tens of billions are common! If the American government only sold off one portion of elixir of life a year, how much money would they make?”

“The outside world doesn’t even know about the auctions in the Palace of Wargods, so if they sell off more portions, wouldn’t they make more money?” smiled Yang Hui.

Luo Feng nodded.

“In the previous auctions, around how much did a portion cost?” asked Luo Feng.

“The starting price was 10 billion Chinese dollars. It eventually sold off for around 20 billion Chinese dollars” laughed Yang Hui, “Maybe it can reach 30 billion in the public auctions, but nobody in the Palace of Wargods is dumb….. if the price goes any higher, nobody would want it”

Luo Feng was extremely happy inside. Indeed, the way individual circles of society interact with things is different.

The Palace of Wargods is the location where all the world’s wargods gather, so it would indeed become a huge market. For example, if the American government wants to make money with its ‘Elixir of Life’, then it has to sell it within the Palace of Wargods.

“When does this month’s auction begin?” asked Luo Feng.

“In a few days, August 15th” said Yang Hui, “Auctions are every month, and they are always on the 15th of each month”

Luo Feng nodded.

On August 15th, his brother will finally be able to stand up. Just a few more days.

…..

In the lobby of the Palace of Wargods, people occasionally came down the staircase.

“Which one is Luo Feng?” a white haired old man walked towards a group of friends and sat down as he asked quietly.

“South, sitting with Yang Hui and the others” said a burly, bald brute quietly, “See that? The wargods of the Dojo of Limits are chatting with Luo Feng”. Ever since Luo Feng revealed himself, people from every faction notified their men.

“That young man?”

The white haired old man looked carefully and nodded, “His aura is indeed different. Look at those eyes…..”. The eyes are the windows of the spirit. If a regular person’s “spirit” is good, their eyes will be bright. If their spirit is weary, their eyes will be dim. As for spirit readers…..

When calm, their eyes are deep like a swamp that cannot be seen through. When angry, just a glance from them could cause a weak fighter to shake and tremble.

So all spirit readers have a unique aura to them, caused by their powerful spirit.

“Find a time to come into contact with him” said the white haired old man quietly, “In the future, we can also ask him for help when we’re in trouble. Oh yeah….. when I came here, I checked the Dojo of Limits and asked the government to help search for Luo Feng’s parents’ relatives. This case is a good chance to get near him, so we should do some work too”

“Yeah”

The other fighters also nodded.

“Our 11th bureau will benefit greatly with Luo Feng’s help” the white haired old man let out a smile.

Luo Feng received the title of ‘invincible wargod’ from the higher ups of the Dojo of Limits. This news spread extremely quickly. Even the couple Li Yao and Venina all the way in Europe received this news right away from their friends.

…..

In a quiet, gloomy villa, the couple Li Yao and Venina were quietly standing there as they waited.

“Will that senior meet us?” asked Venina quietly.

“Definitely” Li Yao’s gaze was cold as he stood there.

Venina sighed as she witnessed this. Ever since the incident at the misty island, Li Yao has been hysterically drinking like crazy. After he becomes sober, he sinks into his hatred, constantly thinking about revenge. Even his gaze strikes fear into other people. However….. they don’t have the ability to kill Luo Feng!

“Sir, madam”

An old man wearing a suit on the floor above said without emotion, “The master is upstairs, waiting for you two”

Li Yao and Venina were startled, and then went up the staircase to the second floor. The old man in the suit said coldly, “Come with me”. He directly brought the two to a quiet room. After he lead them to a quiet room and opened the door, the old man in the suit quietly left. Li Yao and Venina both took a deep breath before walking inside.

The quiet room was mostly empty.

Only the smell of sandalwood emanated in the air of the quiet room. A white haired old man sat cross legged in the quiet room. His long, scattered hair reached all the way to his waist, and he seemed like a piece of dead wood with no life in him at all.

“Senior” bowed Li Yao.

“Representative Yan” Venina also bowed.

“Sit” carried a low sound. The white haired old man opened his eyes and looked towards Li Yao and Venina. This old man’s eyes were hazy, as if he was an old man that was about to die. He absolutely had no sign of being a powerful fighter, but Li Yao and Venina didn’t dare to be disrespectful.

And Li Yao even directly prostrated himself on the ground as he smashed his forehead against the ground, his tears streaming down his face.

“Little Vulture, what’s wrong, what can make you cry?” the old man was calm.

“Senior” Li Yao clenched his teeth as he said lowly, “My only son was killed by a young man named Luo Feng. I want revenge, revenge for my son! However, Li Yao has only his incapability to blame, as this Luo Feng’s strength is at the ‘invincible wargod’ level. I am not his opponent at all. However….. my son……”

Li Yao clenched his fists, his fingernails sinking into his palms. His entire body slightly trembled.

“Li Yao’s parents have already died, I have no family”

“I do not care about anything on this world, but my son……” vulture Li Yao’s voice started to shake. He was cruel, which was how he got the title of Vulture. When he was a child, the special experiences he went through during the Grand Nirvana period made him cruel and selfish. However, deep in his heart, he desperately wanted family!

His only son…..

His only obsession! After raising him for around 20 years, those feelings have already been engraved into his soul.

The more cruel, selfish, and cold a person is, the crazier they would become for a relationship they treasure, even more so than someone with strong feelings! Because, this is their only obsession!

“I beg….. senior, that you can kill Luo Feng. I am willing to become senior’s slave for the rest of my life in return” Li Yao tapped his forehead on his ground and buried his head.

The old man silently looked at Li Yao.

Li Yao just had his head on the ground like that as he waited for the old man’s reply. Even Venina tapped her forehead on the ground.

“You and I have been through some things together, so speak….. of the background of this Luo Feng” said the old man lowly.

Li Yao’s head remained buried on the ground as he replied: “Luo Feng, peak of the advanced level wargod level spirit reader, 19 years old, from Jiang-Nan city’s Yang Zhou city. Right now, he has become part of the higher ups of the Dojo of Limits, appointed as ‘examiner’ of Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Dojo of Limits”

The old man slightly frowned.

“I cannot help you!” said the old man lowly.

Li Yao ferociously raised his head as he looked towards this old man with disbelief…… this was his final ray of hope. He and this super powerful fighter have a special relationship, since they went through the ‘Grand Nirvana period’ together. Li Yao might be selfish and cruel, but he is also very proud, so he has never begged this senior like this before.

“Because of Hong?” Li Yao couldn’t help but to ask.

“Yes” the old man did not hesitate at all.

He is extremely powerful and even fought for a chairman spot in the Palace of Wargods, although he failed.

However–

Not a single person on earth is Hong’s opponent. Hong, is a deity that looks down on all the fighters from above! Maybe only the second chairman, ‘Thunder God’, is a bit close to Hong. As for the third, fourth, and fifth chairmen, none of them have the courage to even attack Hong.

So don’t even talk about ‘Yan Hai’. Even though he has a special relationship with Li Yao, it isn’t enough for him to mess with Hong.

A 19 year old invincible wargod, even a retard knows ‘Hong’ will treat him with care.

Li Yao’s fists cracked as he clenched them tightly, his knuckles became pale white and blood dripped from his palms. He stared at the old man with unrivaled pain. When the old man saw this…… he seemed to have once again saw that crazy young man from the Grand Nirvana period back then. He sighed to himself.

“You really want to kill Luo Feng, even if you will die in the process?” said the old man lowly.

“Yes” Li Yao’s voice was determined.

“Then surpass the wargod level and become an existence surpassing the wargod level” said the old man lightly, “That way, you’ll have a chance to kill him. Of course….. you must face the wrath of ‘Hong’. Hong might treasure talented people and let you go. But he also might….. kill you out of rage”

Li Yao’s eyes were determined: “Senior, please guide me”

“This is my training journal. The techniques I’ve trained are in there. At the same time….. it also contains my breakthrough experience” the old man took out a handwritten book, “I hope it will help you”. As he said that, he threw it over.

Li Yao extended his hand and took it.

“Remember…..”

“Breakthrough, and become an existence surpassing the wargod level. The key is in your ‘spirit’ and ‘resolve’” the old man closed his eyes, “You guys can leave now!”

Li Yao and Venina tapped their heads on the ground in thanks and immediately left.


Chapter 172: Auction

In the training room.

Luo Feng, who was wearing a loose white robe, sat cross legged not on the ground, but on his soaring shuttle. The soaring shuttle kept a distance of around half a meter from the ground, and his entire body just hovered like this. Luo Feng’s eyes were deep like the sea as he silently stared at the 12 blade pieces of the soaring shuttle in front of him. He was currently controlling them–

The 12 grayish white blade pieces started floating around him as if they were dancing.

As if 12 fairies were circling Luo Feng.

If you record the trajectories of these 12 blade pieces, you will discover that they are drawing a delicate and complex shape of a maze. The weird thing is, the 12 blade pieces sometimes speed up and sometimes slow down. They crossed each other over and over again. Sometimes it seems like they are about to smash into each other, but they don’t. The blade pieces sometimes decelerate and sometimes accelerate until their speed surpasses the speed of sound.

“CHI!” two of the blade pieces scraped against each other.

“Failed”

Luo Feng, who was hovering in midair, had a calm expression on the entire time. But now, he couldn’t help but to let out a smile, “I seem quite talented. I just started and am able to practice the second drawing of the Celestial Deity Catalog. However, having to complete the second drawing in a short 3.2 seconds sure is hard”

“It’s only challenging if it’s hard”

The Celestial Deity Catalog is one of the training methods for “object controlling” spirit readers mentioned in the Spirit Reader Basics instruction manual. There are a full 99 drawings in it, but according to the instruction manual, the most powerful spirit reader on earth right now can only draw up to the 18th drawing. Luo Feng was quite confused…..

If so, then where did the latter drawings come from?

…..

“Training the Celestial Deity Catalog sure is tiring” Luo Feng shook his head as he yelled loudly: “Turn on the projector!”

Suddenly, a beam of light shot towards the white wall from the projector in the training room, causing a huge computer display to appear.

“Video chat” yelled Luo Feng, “Connect to Xu Xin”

“Beep–Beep–Beep–”

The video chat was sending a request.

“It should be almost 10 AM right now and it’s summer time, so Xu Xin should be online?” Luo Feng waited. Only after about half a minute did the request get accepted.

HUA!

On the gigantic display on the wall appeared Xu Xin in her pajamas holding a coffee cup with steam rising from it. Her hair was casually let down and she seemed to be a bit sleepy.

“Luo Feng” Xu Xin struggled to open her eyes.

“No way, it’s 10 AM right now and you’re still sleeping?” laughed Luo Feng out of surprise.

“What 10 AM, it’s night right now” said Xu Xin helplessly.

“Night?” Luo Feng froze.

Xu Xin seemed to be a bit more awake now as she replied: “I’m in America right now, not in the country. Even though it’s morning in the country, over here it’s already night time”

Luo Feng came to a realization.

“Eh, Luo Feng” Xu Xin looked at Luo Feng through the video chat with shock, “Seeing the background behind you, it doesn’t seem like you’re in a wasteland like the continent of Australia?”. In the continent of Australia, Luo Feng also video chatted with Xu Xin before. However, that was through his tactical communications watch, and the video usually showed places like caves, mountains, and other wastelands.

“I’m back, at Jiang-Nan headquarter city” laughed Luo Feng.

“Back?” Xu Xin became even more shocked, “Didn’t you say you would be at the continent of Australia for a month….. if I knew you were going to be back, then I wouldn’t have come to America”. Xu Xin seemed to be regretful. Indeed…… ever since Luo Feng went to the elite training camp, the two of them have never met in real life; they have only chatted via video chat.

If Xu Xin knew Luo Feng was coming back, why would she go to America.

“You miss me that much?” teased Luo Feng.

“Tch!” Xu Xin frowned and pretended to not care as she immediately changed the topic, “How long will you be back for? I’m going to be here in America for around another week. After that, I’ll be able to join my family’s group to ride the plane back. After I go back…… my parents want me to participate in an important ceremony on September 1st. They said it’s a ceremony to welcome the new examiner of Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Dojo of Limits. School has already started by that date and yet my parents are still forcing me to go”

Luo Feng blinked twice.

It seems like……

Xu Xin still doesn’t know who this new examiner is?

“The new examiner, what a feat. Xu Xin, do you know who the new examiner is?” Luo Feng tried to contain his laughter as he asked.

“No idea, the new examiner…… probably some super powerful fighter I guess, but what does that have to do with me” Xu Xin seemed to have no interest in talking about this ‘examiner’ as she continued, “Oh yeah, I got so mad on this trip to America. Luo Feng, you don’t know what I had to deal with this time…..”

August 15th. The Palace of Wargods holds an auction every 15th day of the month. And on that day, over 90% of the world’s wargods gather here.

Time in China: 19:45. In the auction room of the Palace of Wargods in the virtual space.

The auction house was set up like an opera house: the seats were surrounding the center platform in a circular shape. The center platform was where the goods were displayed, and each side of the platform had a huge amount of seats encircling it, a total of 5,000 seats. As of now, there were tons of people in the auction house, and most of the wargods were chatting in groups.

Relaxing music echoed around the entire auction house.

“Luo Feng”

“Luo Feng, over here”

Luo Feng, who was wearing casual attire, saw a bunch of wargods from the Dojo of Limits in the auction house waving at him passionately.

“Hello, Mr. Luo Feng”

“Mr. Luo Feng”

As he walked on the aisle in the auction house he noticed that most of the seats on both sides of him had wargods, whether they were black, yellow, or white, sitting in them. These wargods from all over the world seemed to be quite friendly to Luo Feng. Luo Feng also smiled and nodded in response. Soon enough, he arrived at the Dojo of Limits’ wargods’ huge sector.

Awe-inspiring!

The amount of wargods in the Dojo of Limits is indeed ‘awe-inspiring’, as they took up a huge area. With just the naked eye, you could tell that there were at least a few hundred of them.

“Just what you would expect from the world’s most elite organization. They have the most wargods and representatives” thought Luo Feng to himself.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng saw a beautiful image wearing purple and walked over: “Teacher Jiang Fang”

“Luo Feng” smiled Jiang Fang as she looked at the student in front of him. She only thought that Luo Feng’s technique and blade technique were quite good, but who would’ve thought that her student’s most amazing ability was his “spiritual force”. Now he has become an invincible wargod all of a sudden and even became the examiner of a large headquarter city like Jiang-Nan headquarter city. Jiang Fang couldn’t help but to be amazed at how quickly things have changed.

Examiners differ depending on the location.

Large headquarter cities have populations of 200 to 300 million people while smaller ones probably have less than 100 million! Five powerful countries around the world and 23 headquarter cities. In total, there’s 52 headquarter cities. There’s around 7 billion people, so on average, each headquarter city just has a little more than 100 million.

Jiang-Nan headquarter city is clearly a larger headquarter city.

“Luo Feng, sit here” smiled Jiang Fang as she pointed to the seat beside her.

“Okay” Luo Feng sat there.

“After the auction ends, I’ll introduce you to the other wargods in our Dojo. Counting you, our Dojo of Limits has three ‘invincible wargods’” smiled Jiang Fang.

…..

In a corner of the auction house sat the Vulture Scorpion couple. “Luo Feng is here” Venina looked towards the distance.

“Seems quite popular” scoffed Li Yao. As of now, Li Yao’s aura and face basically keeps everyone away from him. The wargods sitting beside Li Yao have known him for quite a while, but Li Yao’s current aura and face causes them to frown too.

There were tons and tons of people in the auction house as over 3,000 wargods have appeared.

“Everyone!”

THe entire auction house swiftly quieted down and the original sounds of music disappeared too. Whoosh! A ray of light shone on the center platform where a Chinese man and a white man stood. One guy spoke in Chinese while the white guy quickly followed in English.

“We meet yet again on the 15th of this month” smiled the Chinese man. The white man also repeated that.

The two of them waved their hands at the same time–

Instantly, large amounts of varying goods appeared on the surroundings of the center platform. There were tons of them. In just a moment, they disappeared again.

“There will be 71 items to auction off this time” smiled the Chinese man, “Maybe there are things here that someone wants, so I won’t keep talking. I officially declare the beginning of this auction!”

“The first item is a piece of artwork. The famous painting painted by Vincent van Gogh in 1890, the Portrait of Dr. Gachet! The opening bid is 1 billion Chinese dollars” right when the Chinese man’s voice dropped, a huge painting immediately appeared in the air above. It slowly rotated so that every wargod could see it.

…..

Below the platform where the Dojo of Limits’ wargods’ gathered, Luo Feng couldn’t help but to be shocked as he heard this: “Teacher Jiang, they even auction off antiques and artworks here?”

“Of course” Jiang Fang kept her voice low as she quietly said, “The Palace of Wargods auction is the largest auction on earth. Not just the wargods are participating in this auction. The wargods represent the organizations and powers behind them, so all sorts and types of amazing treasures make their way to this auction, like antiques and artworks. Only the most valuable ones have the right to be auctioned off. Most antiques don’t even reach an opening bid of 1 billion Chinese dollars”

Luo Feng nodded.

The Grand Nirvana period dealt a horrifying blow to various historical antiques and paintings. Many of them were destroyed while humanity was trying to escape. So now, after humans have settled down in their ‘headquarter cities’, the prices of these antiques are extremely high.

“The sixth item, is an A grade genetic medicine, 10 portions. Opening bid of 1.2 billion Chinese dollars”

…..

Luo Feng just listened, not bidding at all.

Finally–

“The 39th item, a portion of an elixir of life. Opening bid of 10 billion Chinese dollars” after this sound rang, Luo Feng’s eyes flashed after being so calm this whole time. In the air above appeared a packaged portion of the elixir of life.

“It has finally come” Luo Feng’s eyes locked on to the image of the elixir of life.


Chapter 173: Dawn

The elixir of life has always been in supply, but since there aren’t many disabled fighters that can afford it, there just hasn’t been a lot of demand. So the American government sells a set amount of elixirs every year to earn money slowly.

“11 billion!” a voice rang from a corner of the auction house.

Whoosh!

An image of a wargod immediately appeared in the center platform and a smile even appeared on this wargod’s face. Many sounds of discussions that were purposefully kept down instantly appeared.

“11.5 billion” another voice rang and the wargod originally at the center of the platform disappeared. An image of a black wargod replaced him.

“12 billion!”

After that voice dropped, another image appeared on the center platform, which appeared to be a Chinese youth. He seemed quite young….. it was indeed Luo Feng! Suddenly, the quiet voices that were discussing instantly became louder. Many people were curious about this new wargod, this new ‘invincible wargod’ Luo Feng.

“12 billion going once!” yelled the Chinese man. The white man beside him also yelled.

“12 billion going twice! One portion of elixir of life, current bid is at 1.2 billion, any higher?” yelled the Chinese man. In the past, elixirs can usually go for 20 billion Chinese dollars.

Below the platform…..

Luo Feng was shocked and confused as he quietly asked: “Teacher Jiang, how come nobody else is bidding?”

Jiang Fang smiled, making her appear quite beautiful, as she quietly said: “Luo Feng, there are only around a dozen ‘invincible wargods’ on earth. And this is your first time making a bid in this auction…… so for the first time, everyone is willing to show you some respect. Unless they really want it, they won’t bid against you”

The Palace of Wargods is a place to make friends, especially with ‘invincible wargods’ and extremely powerful wargods on the level of Phantom Demon Catalan’s. Other wargods would think twice before offending them.

If you start bidding against Luo Feng’s first bid, then you seriously aren’t thinking correctly.

“12 billion three times! Congratulations, wargod Luo Feng” smiled the Chinese man.

…..

In a corner of the auction house, the Vulture Scorpion couple coldly watched.

“What are you pulling me for” Venina looked at her husband with dissatisfaction. Venina was about to bid just now.

“Hmph”

Vulture Li Yao scoffed as he quietly said, “It’s just a portion of elixir of life. What’s the point of bidding? If it’s too expensive, he won’t buy it. After the auction he can just contact the American government and purchase it directly. At most, he just has to pay a few extra billion! No need to make Luo Feng notice us for just a few billion”

“Right now, this Luo Feng is full of himself, so just let him stay that way. Once I breakthrough…..” Li Yao’s voice was kept down.

Venina couldn’t help but to nod.

Yeah, as of now, the Vulture Scorpion couple can’t mess with Luo Feng. They haven’t even returned to their home in Jiang-Nan city as they just stayed in Europe. They are slowly preparing…… preparing to deal with Luo Feng.

…..

“I finally got the elixir of life” Luo Feng was full of excitement. Maybe in terms of price, the ‘soaring shuttle’ is over a thousand times more valuable than an ‘elixir of life’, but when Luo Feng received the soaring shuttle, his heart was filled more with ‘curiosity’ and ‘expectation’ than excitement! 12 billion is nothing for Luo Feng right now.

However, an elixir of life…..

Means his brother can stand up again! And can live like a normal person again.

“I have finally succeeded” Luo Feng was extremely enthusiastic.

“I’ll see if I have a chance to get a second portion so I can give it to brother Zhang” thought Luo Feng to himself. His grudge with Zhang Ze Hu back then caused Zhang Ze Hu’s squad to ambush his own, which lead to Zhang Ke’s arm being broken off. Whenever he faces brother Zhang, there’s always a bit of guilt in his heart.

Now that he has the ability, getting a portion of elixir of life isn’t much.

Furthermore, he planned on spending 30 billion for a portion of elixir of life. Now that he only spent 12 billion, another portion would probably bring the total up to around 30 billion anyway.

…..

Item after item was auctioned off. Even though they sold off quite quickly, there were still a total of 71 items. So even if it took two or three minutes to auction off an item, it would still take around three hours in total.

“Now for the 58th item, the spider silk left behind by the spider type emperor level monster, ‘Black Widow Spider King’– ‘Golden Spider Silk’. It is 8.3 meters long and 6.1 meters wide. Opening bid of 5 billion Chinese dollars” after the Chinese man’s voice dropped, a large piece of golden spider silk appeared above the center platform.

“6 billion Chinese dollars!”

“7 billion!”

It seemed like there were quite a few bids this time.

Luo Feng, who didn’t want to bid anymore, couldn’t help but to yell: “8 billion!”. Ever since his battle with Li Yao, Luo Feng wanted to make a ‘net made out of SS grade materials’. He estimated he would spend around 20 to 30 billion, but Luo Feng was still satisfied after discovering this “Golden Spider Silk”.

The golden spider silk is left behind by the spider type emperor level monster, the ‘Black Widow Spider King’. However, black widow spider kings are famous for their venom, not their spider webs. The ‘golden spider silk’ that comes from it usually can’t trap an emperor level monster, so it’s worse than a ‘net made out of SS grade materials’. However, it’s better than a ‘net made out of 9th series materials’.

There are a total of two spider type emperor level monsters.

One of them is the ‘Goliath Spider King’*, which is known for its webs. Once caught in its web, even an emperor level monster will have a hard time surviving.

The other is the ‘Black Widow Spider King’, which is known for its venom. Once venomed, even an existence surpassing the wargod level will die! This is where the spirit of nature, ‘hundred dew grass’, comes into play. Of course, the black widow spider king can spin webs, which is its “golden spider silk”. However, its weaker compared to the web spun by the goliath spider.

“Even though the golden spider silk can’t contain an emperor level monster, an emperor level monster still has to work quite a bit to get out of it. Using it to deal with wargods and horde leaders is more than enough” Luo Feng was very satisfied.

It’s not as tough as a SS grade ingredient.

But it’s more comfortable to use.

“9 billion”

“9.5 billion” clearly, nobody bothered to care about Luo Feng this time. Showing their respects once is enough.

“9.6 billion”

“9.8 billion” the bidding prices of the wargods weren’t increasing as quickly anymore.

“10 billion” yelled Luo Feng. The image on the center platform also changed into Luo Feng’s figure.

Jiang Fang quietly said to Luo Feng: “Luo Feng, a net made out of SS grade materials is around 20 to 30 billion, so this string is worth at most 12 billion. Any more and it’s not worth it”

“10 billion going once”

“10 billion going twice….. 10 billion three times! Congratulations, wargod Luo Feng” the Chinese man reported the final results.

……

The auction continued for around there more hours. Luo Feng received a portion of elixir of life and some ‘Golden Spider Silk’ for a total of 22 billion Chinese dollars. After the auction ended, Luo Feng was dragged to the lobby by the Dojo of Limits’ wargods, where he became acquainted with some extremely famous wargods of the Dojo of Limits.

“Hello, Mr. Luo Feng” right when Luo Feng left his seat and was about to head back to his room, a white man with a large mustache smiled as he walked over.

“Hello” Luo Feng was confused.

“My name is Aurora, the manager of America’s 11th Bureau. Mr. Luo Feng, I was the one who supplied the ‘elixir of life’ you bought earlier” smiled the large moustached white man, “How about we have a drink over there?”

Luo Feng’s heart couldn’t help but to skip a beat.

He was the one who supplied the elixir of life?

“Oh? Okay” smiled Luo Feng. The big moustached Aurora couldn’t help but to smile out of joy. There are way too many people who want to become friends with extremely powerful wargods like Luo Feng, so Luo Feng usually ignores most of them. Only because of the elixir of life is he getting close to Aurora.

Both of them sat down and had a decent time chatting.

“Mr. Aurora, I would like to buy another portion of elixir of life from you. Is that okay?” asked Luo Feng.

“Oh, the elixir of life is the government’s, so I need to hand in an application” hesitated Aurora.

“I won’t make it hard for you. I am willing to pay 20 billion” said Luo Feng.

“Oh”

Aurora smiled, “Mr. Luo Feng is the friend of our 11th Bureau. Even though it is a bit troublesome, do not worry and leave it to me. I will provide another portion of elixir of life using the price you used to buy the first portion, 12 billion Chinese dollars” how can he make Luo Feng pay 20 billion dollars, since even an official auction……

can only make the price reach around 20 billion. So only by offering a lower price can he build up their relationship.

“That would be great, thanks” smiled Luo Feng.

Just a phrase to save 8 billion, only someone dumb wouldn’t do that.

Yang Zhou city, Ming-Yue sector.

Dawn. The dawn of an August summer was still quite cool and refreshing. You could see fighters warming up in the sector everywhere. Even Luo Feng was taking a walk in the sector as he breathed in fresh air and adjusted himself.

“Morning, uncle Wang”

As Luo Feng walked, he would greet those he was familiar with.

“Mr. Luo Feng” a sound rose.

“Hm?” Luo Feng turned his head and saw two teenagers coming over. One of them even carried a backpack as he ran towards Luo Feng. The teenager with slightly curly hair said: “Mr. Luo Feng, these are the two things you bought from the Palace of Wargods. Your fingerprint can open the alloyed box”

As he said that, he took out an alloyed box that was completely black.

“Thank you” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed as he took over the alloyed box. His finger swiped across the box, *crack*, the alloyed box opened.

Inside it were two stabilized test tubes. There was even a manual beside it. In the test tube was a slightly green liquid.

“It’s this” Luo Feng took in a deep breath as he headed home.

In the lawn of the villa.

Brother Luo Hua was currently sitting on his wheelchair, observing the flowers in the lawn. His pants had nothing in them and it hurt just to look at such a sight.

“Feng, back so early?” mother Gong Xin Lan smiled as she walked out the house.

“Yeah” nodded Luo Feng.

“Feng is here, Hong Guo, let’s eat breakfast” yelled Gong Xin Lan. Father Luo Hong Guo peeked his head out the house and couldn’t help but to look towards the alloyed box in Luo Feng’s hands with shock: “Feng, how come a box appeared just from your morning walk”

Gong Xin Lan glared: “Old man, how come you have to ask about everything”

“Luo Hua!”

But Luo Feng looked towards brother Luo Hua.

“Hm?” brother Luo Hua looked towards Luo Feng with shock on his wheelchair, “Bro, need anything?”

“Go inside” Luo Feng let out a smile, “Prepare to throw away your wheelchair”

Luo Hua’s expression froze: “Bro–”

Luo Feng held up the alloyed box and tapped the surface of it.

“It’s, it’s that…..” Luo Hua’s eyes were wide open and his body was slightly trembling. Almost instantly, his eyes became wet. The hands that were originally holding onto the wheelchair with strength started to shake.

Luo Feng nodded.

After seeing his brother nod, Luo Hua’s tears flowed down.

This day…..

Luo Hua has only dreamed about a day like today since he was young. And finally, the day has come.

This day……

Luo Feng has been waiting for this moment for a long time. And finally, the moment has come.

“Don’t cry, smile” however, Luo Feng himself couldn’t hold it in either as his eyes became wet too.


*TL note: Original text doesn’t have “goliath bird eating spider”, but just “goliath” (goliath bird eating spiders don’t rely on webs to catch prey).


Chapter 174: Hot Cakes

Recently, not only does the entire Ming-Yue sector know the name ‘Luo Feng’, virtually all the residents in the surroundings of the Lotus Pond park know that name.

Lotus Pond park is right beside Ming-Yue sector. It is a public park.

Back then, Luo Hua met Nan at this park by pure chance. This park is very crowded and is also the main place where information spreads. Things about Luo Feng mainly spread from here. Legends about Luo Feng…..

The first one is about the special triangular shaped fighter jet parked in Ming-Yue sector. According to what others have said, this fighter jet was purchased by Luo Feng. People who are familiar with such things commented that the usual fighter jet used in the military is priced over 1 billion, and that’s an estimate. Fighter jets that are able to venture in the wilderness alone usually cost more than 10 billion. Only a portion of wargods are able to buy it, and this fighter jet seems a bit special.

So it’s probably even more expensive!

The residents of neighboring sectors thought to themselves about the meaning of ’10 billion Chinese dollars’ and all of them froze at the thought.

Secondly, it appears that Luo Feng has become the examiner of Jiang-Nan city’s Dojo of Limits! What kind of position is the examiner you ask? A position that’s even bigger than the chairman! There are barely any people in Jiang-Nan headquarter city who have more authority than him. Even the mayor of Jiang-Nan city and the general of the army has to be polite around him. You definitely have to raise your thumb when mentioning such people!

The third legend is about the two famous handicaps in Ming-Yue sector. One of them is the brother of the genius fighter Luo Feng, ‘Luo Hua’. Because of his relationship, he almost killed himself in the lake of Lotus Pond park. A handicap attempting to commit suicide….. this topic was discussed for quite a long time by the people in the park. And this handicap was actually healed! He’s grown two legs out!

As for the other handicap, Zhang Ke. This is a ‘warlord level’ fighter, quite respectable. However, many people saw…… that Zhang Ke, who was once missing an arm, actually has two perfectly fine arms now. Afterwards, news spread from Ming-Yue sector: because of their relationship with Luo Feng, the two handicaps, ‘Luo Hua’ and ‘Zhang Ke’, received some extremely valuable medicine to recover their legs and arm.

…..

People haven’t been able to stop discussing about these three huge legends.

Of course, a lot of people were envious of ‘Zhen Nan”s parents. Back then, Zhen Nan’s parents’ interference with their daughter’s relationship almost caused Luo Hua to commit suicide….. but now, Zhen Nan’s parents are happily welcoming Luo Hua with open arms. According to the legends, Luo Hua even bought a villa in the sector that Zhen Nan’s family lives in.

The most amazing part is that Zhen Nan’s parents were originally regular people. Who would’ve thought they would climb up to such a point!

However, everyone knows that…..

All of this is thanks to that extremely mysterious person– Luo Feng! Only 19 years old, and yet he already stands at the top of the entire Jiang-Nan headquarter city. Even around the world, he is quite an influential figure. A lot of people in the surroundings became especially interested after hearing that Luo Feng apparently doesn’t have a girlfriend yet.

Getting with Luo Feng’s brother brings so much already.

If you can get with Luo Feng himself, then your next few generations will definitely be in happiness too.

Ming-Yue sector, a training hall in the first floor of Limit Hall.

Luo Feng, who was sitting cross legged on his soaring shuttle in a training uniform, hovered in mid air as 12 blade pieces circled around Luo Feng like bees. They crazily danced and would sometimes accelerate and sometimes decelerate. These 12 blade pieces seemed to be playing with each other as they frequently zipped past each other. Perhaps even a 0.01 second difference would cause them to collide.

“Got it!” Luo Feng let out a face of happiness as his 12 blade pieces stopped and hovered in the air.

Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at his tactical communications watch that was currently acting as a stopwatch–‘3.08’ flashed past.

“Pass!”

“The second drawing of the Celestial Deity Catalog is finally complete” Luo Feng was extremely happy, “Next, I’ll start practicing the third drawing of the Celestial Deity Catalog”. Truthfully, Luo Feng’s spiritual force was barely enough to complete the second drawing, so that’s why he completed it in just a few days.

From the third drawing on….. is where the real test begins.

“Golden silk net!”

Luo Feng looked towards a net that was bunched up in the corner. This gold colored net, under Luo Feng’s watch, hovered and swiftly expanded. The small lump seemed small, but it became surprisingly large after expanding in the center of the training room. A length of 8.3 meters and a width of 6.1 meters. This net was formed by densely packed, thin golden strings that were around 5 mm thick.

“Cover!” Luo Feng thought to himself.

The golden net instantly descended to the ground below like a magic carpet.

“Capture!” the golden net, like a palm, directly covered the fist strength testing machine to the side.

“The most important thing when using the golden net is speed” thought Luo Feng to himself, “If I want to capture Li Yao with the golden net, then I have to control it quickly!”. Clearly, the speed at which he controls the golden net can’t even begin to compare the speed at which he controls his throwing knives or the blade pieces of the soaring shuttle. Because, compared to those two things, its surface area is way too large, leading to an astonishingly large amount of air resistance.

…..

For the entire morning, Luo Feng stayed on the first floor of Limit Hall as he practiced in his private training room.

Limit Hall is extremely spacious and not many fighters train there. So chairman Zhou Zheng Yong and the three chiefs took the initiative to remodel one of the training rooms in the first floor of Yang Zhou city’s Limit Hall. They also sent over a lot of equipment to make it a training room suitable for wargods to train in.

And so, this training room became Luo Feng’s private training room.

“Hey, mom, is food ready?” Luo Feng smiled as he pushed open the door of his home.

“Almost almost” in the kitchen, Gong Xin Lan was personally cooking as a maid assisted her. Mother Gong Xin Lan didn’t have many hobbies, so she just cooked all the time. And since she was usually free all day, she plays some mahjong with the other housewives in the sector. Her days were quite comfortable.

Luo Feng looked towards the living room, where his father was currently laying on the sofa as he watched the news on TV.

“Bro, you’re back” a boy and a girl walked out a room to the side.

The teenage boy’s face seemed a bit pale and he was a bit skinny. However, he also seemed a bit handsome with his tall figure. The girl holding his hand also let out a slightly formal smile in front of Luo Feng. These two were indeed brother Luo Hua and Zhen Nan.

“Nan is here” Luo Feng smiled as he nodded, “Luo Hua, you better take her out somewhere this afternoon”

“Got it, bro” smiled Luo Hua as he nodded, “Oh yea, bro, I have quite a few photos of girls here; other people told Zhen Nan to bring them to you. Interested in looking at a few? There are quite a few beautiful girls”

Luo Feng froze.

“Oh yea” mother Gong Xin Lan peeked her head out the kitchen as she yelled, “Feng, when i went to exercise in the park this morning, quite a few people talked to me about this too. I also have quite a few photos of brilliant girls. I approve of some of them”

Luo Feng smacked his head.

Ever since he came back, too much stuff like this has been happening.

“Mom, didn’t I say not to mention things like this any more?” Luo Feng shook his head with a bitter face.

“Bro, you won’t lose anything by getting to know them. Some people don’t even have the chance to meet with beautiful girls. All of these girls are quite brilliant. If they aren’t brilliant, then they wouldn’t be confident enough to send their information over” Luo Hua’s eyebrows raised, “AHH–” Luo Hua looked towards his girlfriend beside him, since he was just pinched by her.

Luo Feng shook his head.

“Mom, dad” Luo Feng turned his head, “I won’t be eating dinner at home tonight, I have some stuff to do this afternoon”

At 4 PM of the same day, Luo feng rode on his auto jet and headed towards the main city sector from Yang Zhou city.

After parking the auto jet on the roof of the Dojo of Limits headquarters, Luo Feng rode on a Dojo of Limits private car to the airport.

Airport.

Luo Feng was wearing jeans and a black T-shirt. However, within the T-shirt was a black piece of armor, which was formed from the ‘Black God Set’. And within this black armor were the 365 blade pieces of the soaring shuttle, which were spread out around the armor.

First, it’s convenient, since wearing this armor is equivalent to Luo Feng bringing around his most powerful weapon, the ‘Soaring Shuttle’. Second, it’s safe! In terms of defense, the Black God set may be powerful, but according to the manual….. the material making up the soaring shuttle is even more amazing than the Black God set’s material!

“Arrived” Luo Feng looked over.

In the air, a dark blue light pierced the sky as it arrived. It then hovered in the sky above. This was indeed a large commercial plane. This large commercial plane slowly descended and then stopped.

HUA–

The hatch opened and a staircase extended out automatically.

Including Luo Feng, there were six others who were here to welcome those who arrived. To able to come to the place where the plane landed shows that they are people of authority. Including Luo Feng, there were only six people. Most of the people welcoming those who arrived are waiting outside the exit.

“Xu Xin” Luo Feng raised his head and looked over.

Within the many passengers coming down the staircase, one of them was a girl wearing a light green collared shirt and jeans, which completely attracted Luo Feng’s eyes. Under the refreshing summer day, Xu Xin’s figure showed clearly. Ever since she was young, Xu Xin’s unique aura caused her to be even more attractive.

“In high school, Xu Xin was like a neighbor. When she was a manager in the HR alliance’s first floor’s bar, she gave off the feeling of a professional worker…..” Luo Feng admits that he has been attracted to Xu Xin ever since his freshman year of high school.

Xu Xin also looked down from the stairs and couldn’t help but to smile as she saw Luo Feng below.

The passengers continued to walk down.

When Xu Xin walked off the stairs, she directly headed towards Luo Feng. She had a bright smile on: “And I thought you weren’t coming”

“When did I ever go against my word” laughed Luo Feng.

“Xu Xin” a sound carried from behind.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to look over. A youth who appeared to be around 20 years old walked over. His clothes and shoes were clearly expensive, and the watch on his wrist….. also seemed to be of a famous brand. His smile gave off a feeling that he was naturally of high class. Luo Feng couldn’t help but to ask Xu Xin: “Your Xu family’s?”

“Not really” said Xu Xin quietly.

The teenager glanced at Luo Feng. Luo Feng’s attire was quite normal, like a random college student off the street. The youth elegantly extended his hand as he smiled: “Hello, My name is Sun Chao, I don’t know if you’re Xu Xin’s…..”

“Ah, Luo Feng!” an overjoyed voice rang.

Luo Feng turned his head and saw Xu Xin’s brother, ‘Xu Gang’, in a suit as he ran over and smiled passionately. After seeing the youth beside him, he smiled, “Who would’ve thought that I would meet Luo Feng right when I return. Haha, this is great. Ah, Sun Chao, Let me introduce to you. This is my sister’s boyfriend, Luo Feng”


Chapter 175: Arrival

“Boyfriend?” Xu Xin looked at her brother Xu Gang with her eyes opened wide. Does her brother not know…… that she and Luo Feng haven’t confirmed their relationship yet?

“Boyfriend?” Luo Feng had an odd expression on as he remained silent.

However, his image of Xu Gang improved a bit. Even though this ‘brother in law’ values position and authority too much, he can’t blame him. Luo Feng was unamused during their first meeting, but truthfully, Xu Gang did it for his sister! And now, he’s actively promoting their relationship…..

It’s not bad, having a brother in law who can grasp the situation.

“Luo Feng” smiled Xu Gang, “I was quite disrespectful during our first meeting, I hope my younger sister’s husband can overlook that…..”

Within a blink of an eye, Luo Feng’s identity raised from Xu Xin’s boyfriend to ‘husband’.

“Brother!” Xu Xin couldn’t help but to yell.

“Ah” Xu Gang said in a weird tone, “My sister is embarrassed. Luo Feng, I’ll treat you next time. As for now, I’ll head back with uncle Bo and the others so we won’t distract you two” as he said that, he pulled on Sun Chao’s arm as he dragged him away, “Sun Chao, go, let’s return. Don’t intrude on their world of two people”

Sun Chao’s expression was frozen and awkward as he was dragged away.

…..

Sun Chao, Xu Gang, and their family stepped out the airport and were split into three cars.

In an elegant, long limousine.

Sun Chao and Xu Gang sat in the back row. Xu Gang wasn’t as energetic as before as he calmly glanced at Sun Chao beside him: “Sun Chao, you better not mess with my sister and Luo Feng’s relationship, or else…..”

“We grew up together, so as your older brother, I’ll remind you. Our Xu family’s higher ups completely approve of and support my sister and Luo Feng’s relationship. Whoever messes with that, even if your dad protects you, won’t have a good future” said Xu Gang quietly, “The stuff between my sister and Luo Feng is currently our family’s most important thing”

Sun Chao remained silent, saying nothing.

After a while, Sun Chao came up with the phrase: “Xu Gang, that Luo Feng….. could it be the Luo Feng from the Dojo of Limits?”

“Oh, you know?” laughed Xu Gang.

“Two days ago overseas, my dad called me and mentioned this Luo Feng. He said this Luo Feng has quite the image in the Palace of Wargods” Sun Chao let out a deep sigh, “At the airport just now, your words were enraging me. However, I felt like I heard the name ‘Luo Feng’. And I remembered after getting on the car”

Xu Gang laughed as he looked at him: “Still want to fight over my sister?”

“Fight over what?”

Sun Chao glared at Xu Gang, “Your sister always ignores me and never gives me even the slightest bit of respect. However, I didn’t care back then….. I just thought that I haven’t spent enough time with her yet. That’s why I came over with you guys this time. However, who would’ve known that Xu Xin’s boyfriend is this Luo Feng. I can’t fight over that. If I really try to, my dad will probably break my legs!”

Sun Chao’s father is a wargod level fighter! One of the Xu family’s guest wargods.

Because of his father’s position, Sun Chao had the right to manage a business under the Xu family in America. Sun Chao was quite clear….. even his father can’t catch up to this Luo Feng, so would he dare to mess with him? Fighting over someone’s girlfriend, and that someone is Luo Feng. Is he looking for death?

“And you. Xu Xin has a boyfriend like this and you don’t even remind me in advance” said Sun Chao with dissatisfaction.

“You’re blaming me? My schedule was packed and I had to help look over our family’s business in America. From beginning to end, I only met you three times in America. How should I know you only came back to the country to chase after my sister. Didn’t you say….. that you were homesick and wanted to visit your parents?” Xu Gang glared.

Sun Chao was speechless.

That was just an excuse….. I guess I came back for nothing. Whatever, I guess I can go visit my parents. As for Xu Xin, first, she isn’t interested, and second, my heart becomes cold whenever I think of Luo Feng’s legends. Fuck….. that guy is an ‘invincible wargod’ who can easily kill me with the amount of effort it takes to eat food or drink water.

Around 8 PM, night arrived. The dim light from the street lights scattered across the concrete sidewalk.

Luo Feng and Xu Xin walked side by side. They ate dinner together, and now, Luo Feng is walking her home!

“Rich people sure are different. Land in a headquarter city is priceless, and yet the place where rich people live is so quiet. Barely any people are here” smiled Luo Feng, “If it was in the sector of another area, then the streets would be filled with cars and people by now. The rich people’s sector barely has anyone”

Xu Xin speechlessly glanced at Luo Feng and then said: “You’re talking about rich people? You don’t have money? Even if you take out all the usable money my family has, it still wouldn’t be enough to purchase your auto jet!”

Even though the Xu family is one of the country’s twelve families and extremely rich, most of their money is invested in capital assets. The money they can actually use is indeed not enough to purchase Luo Feng’s auto jet.

“How did you know about the auto jet?” Luo Feng was shocked.

When they were eating, Luo Feng knew that Xu Gang and the others purposefully withheld his information when they were overseas. However….. paper can’t contain fire. After the incident at the Palace of Wargods’ auction house, Luo Feng became even more famous. Xu Xin learned about this through the HR alliance’s internal discussion forums.

“Luo Feng the great examiner, your jet is parked in Ming-Yue sector, but no pilot ever enters or exits it. Could it be, that you’re a pilot?” Xu Xin started giggling.

Luo Feng was speechless.

A pilot? Every pilot of every fighter aircraft needs extensive training. No matter how much of a genius they are, they cannot become a fighter aircraft pilot without huge amounts of training.

Luo Feng wasn’t a pilot, the people of the HR alliance were easily able to determine that. So, Luo Feng must be riding in an ‘auto jet’! Most regular fighters don’t know about it, but the higher ups of the HR alliance were clear about it. Even the higher ups of the Dojo of Limits like the examiners and investigators have to pay, after discounts, 180 billion Chinese dollars for an ’emperor level auto jet’.

Other countries and the HR alliance wants to purchase it?

Sure!

As long as you can pay the price. Buy it for 200 billion? In your dreams!

“How about, we ride on the auto jet?” suggested Luo Feng.

Xu Xin wanted to, but she looked at her watch: “It’s late now, so if we rush over there to ride on it, it’ll probably be 11 or 12 PM by the time we get back”

“It won’t be long” smiled Luo Feng as he commanded, “#1, come here”

“What are you doing?” asked Xu Xin in a confused tone.

Luo Feng smiled mysteriously as he raised his head towards the sky.

Xu Xin, still confused, also raised her head towards the sky.

A flowing light stopped in the sky above, which was indeed the dark blue triangular fighter jet. It slowly descended. Xu Xin saw the triangular fighter jet in the air, mouth agape: “So fast…..”

“The auto jet’s top speed surpasses mach 10. As long as I’m on earth, I’ll be able to send it a command” Luo Feng smiled as he pulled Xu Xin’s hand, “Come on, let’s go up there!”. Immediately, blade piece after blade piece appeared from Luo Feng’s neck. The 365 blade pieces quickly formed into the soaring shuttle. Luo Feng stepped on the soaring shuttle with one hand holding Xu Xin’s hand and the other hand holding her waist.

Whoosh!

The soaring shuttle flew up and the hatch of the hovering auto jet opened automatically.

“This, this…..” Xu Xin looked downwards with shock.

She’s flying?

After that, Xu Xin reacted: Luo Feng was holding her!

“Xu Xin” Luo Feng held Xu Xin’s waist as his body pushed against hers. He felt the temperature coming from Xu Xin’s soft body and couldn’t help but to lower his head and look at Xu Xin. His heart moved and he lowered his head….. and kissed.

While the wind blew in midair, Xu Xin was absentminded: her first kiss was stolen just like that.

After their kiss.

Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at Xu Xin, who was bright red, as he softly said: “From now on, you, Xu Xin, will be Luo Feng’s girlfriend”

“You’re so forceful” Xu Xin couldn’t help but to glare, “And what if I don’t agree?”

“Then I’ll let go and let you drop” Luo Feng had a playful smile on as he purposefully loosened his hand a bit.

Xu Xin’s body shook a bit and she was shocked as she saw the trees and streets below. She couldn’t help but to say, “Be careful, the ground is like 70 to 80 meters away”

“Do you still dare to disagree?” laughed Luo Feng.

“Hmph” Xu Xin giggled, “It took you so long to confess that I thought you were too scared to”. Indeed…… Luo Feng and Xu Xin frequently video chatted and their chats last for one to two hours. Even though none of them said it clearly, the way they acted was exactly like how people in a relationship would act.

They were just missing the confession.

“Because, in the past, I didn’t have enough power. I didn’t want trouble you” said Luo Feng softly.

Xu Xin’s eyes became red and couldn’t help but to bury her head in Luo Feng’s chest.

Just like that…..

The auto jet hovered in midair. Beside the auto jet, Luo Feng was hugging Xu Xin while he stood on the soaring shuttle. For a long time……

This night, was fated to be a special one.

Outer space.

The stars were plenty. This infinite universe is quite mysterious. Nobody knows what wonders the universe holds.

Whoosh!

A golden stream of light swiftly approached earth from outer space at a speed nearing the speed of light! This golden stream of light swiftly pierced through the atmosphere and fell towards the earth.

Earth, Pacific Ocean. Around a few hundred miles away from the islands called the ‘Hawaiian Islands” before the Grand Nirvana period.

Whoosh!

The golden stream of light directly flew into the sea. The weird thing is, even though it descended at a speed nearing the speed of light, it didn’t cause the surface of the ocean to change at all. The waves were the same as always. Not only did the ocean not change at all, no satellite or apparatus was able to detect this golden stream of light!

Deep in the sea!

Around 3,000 meters deep, the golden light already dissipated, leaving behind a black, oval shaped egg that was around 12 meters in diameter. There were peculiar golden markings on the surface of the black egg. Keep in mind that the ‘dragon eggs’ of earth only had a diameter of around one meter.

At this moment–

was complete silence!

Every satellite from every country, and even the special devices from the archaeological ruins, were operating as usual. None of them were able to detect its arrival!


Chapter 176: General of the Land Forces

Ever since the Grand Nirvana period, the ocean has always been the territory of monsters! The area of the ocean far exceeds the area of the land. And thus, the boundless ocean gave birth to countless types of monsters! You can say that, if you throw someone in the ocean, only bones will remain after a few seconds, no matter how good they are in the water!

Pacific Ocean, around 3,000 meters deep.

The gigantic, black, oval shaped egg sat there motionlessly. After 12 minutes it fell into the ocean, a fish-type monster with blue scales that was around seven to eight meters long swam to the egg and started circling it. This fish-type monster slowly swam. Having a bit of intellect….. it determined that this egg in front of it probably isn’t a rock.

Suddenly–

The fish-type monster opened wide. Each of its teeth in its mouth were huge and sharp. Two rows of teeth were intertwined like a saw. It opened its mouth and ferociously bit the black egg!

“CRACK!”

The gigantic fish-type monster shook its head around in pain. Blood could actually be seen drizzling out the side of its large mouth, and a few cracked teeth fell out! Keep in mind that the force of its bite is quite astonishing. As for this fish-type monster, its bite can easily crush bedrock. Even a horde leader level monster’s corpse wouldn’t cause its teeth to shatter!

In fear, the green scaled fish swung its tail and, ~whoosh, left swiftly.

As for the gigantic, black egg, it stayed there like usual. The surface of the egg’s shell was still black with mysterious golden markings mixed in. The fish-type monster’s ferocious bite from before didn’t even leave behind a single mark.

The humans on earth continued to live their lives like usual.

After Luo Feng and Xu Xin confirmed their relationship, Xu Xin no longer had class, since it was summer break. This young couple would frequently travel around the world. Every morning and night is Luo Feng’s training time. As for the afternoon….. that’ll be the time for Luo Feng and Xu Xin.

After eating lunch, the two of them rode on the auto jet, which could fly to any headquarter city in China in a small amount of time.

…..

August 26th, morning. Yang-Zhou city’s Ming-Yue sector. Inside Luo Feng’s private training room on the first floor of Limit Hall.

He sat cross legged on the soaring shuttle as he hovered in midair.

“The third drawing” Luo Feng closed his eyes. In his brain was a clear, yet complicated, drawing that seemed like a maze. Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! 13 blade pieces swiftly circled Luo Feng as they followed the tracks of the drawing in Luo Feng’s head. And since that drawing had many intersections–

Quite a few times, the blade pieces would barely manage to pass each other.

“Slowly”

“Faster, even faster”

“Not good, brake!”

Luo Feng was so nervous that sweat could be seen appearing on his forehead. One of the dancing blades suddenly stopped, and three blades flew past from the front, side, and back.

“Accelerate”

“Got it!”

Luo Feng rapidly opened his eyes and scanned towards the tactical communications watch on the wrist of his left hand. The timer on the watch was moving swiftly.

“5.11 seconds? Kind of slow, but this was the first time I managed to complete the entire third drawing”

“However, my ‘brake’ in the middle wasted a few tenths of a second, leading to this poor result”

“I’m at 5.11 seconds, but need 3.6 seconds to pass” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to shake his head.

The farther you go, the harder it is to shave time off your record. A completion time of 5.11 seconds vs a completion time of 4.8 seconds. The time difference doesn’t seem big, but the difference in difficulty is gigantic…… as for the ‘3.6 seconds’ required to pass, Luo Feng isn’t even close to that point. The path was long, so he could only diligently move forward one step at a time.

“Continue!” Luo Feng closed his eyes and continued.

Usually, he can finish one drawing in a few seconds!

So Luo Feng practices hisCelestial Deity Catalog several thousand times a day! His entire morning is spent on training the Celestial Deity Catalog. After his training ends, his entire body becomes exhausted. As for night, Luo Feng spends his time training his fitness level, blade technique, technique, etc.

…..

The sun was high up in the sky and it was around 10 AM. Luo Feng was still focused on his training. His powerful spiritual force allowed him to continuously training. The only part of him that gets tired….. is his mind. Even an invincible wargod can’t be in a state of extreme focus thousands of times throughout the morning of each day without enough willpower.

If you want to become powerful…..

Talent is important, but effort is even more important!

“Hm?” Luo Feng opened his eyes and looked outside through the window.

A dark blue saucer-shaped fighter aircraft was slowly descending from the sky. It landed on a grassy lawn in the sector. Chief instructor Wu Tong had a few fighters with him and was currently welcoming someone. The hatch of the dark blue saucer-shaped fighter aircraft opened and a total of three people came out. Sadly, Luo Feng didn’t recognize any of them.

“Who are these three people, coming all the way to Ming-Yue sector?” Luo Feng’s eyebrows slightly raised as he sat cross legged on the soaring shuttle, “It seems like they have some authority, since they are able to ride on such a fighter aircraft”

“Since Wu Tong didn’t notify me to meet them, they probably aren’t too important”

As of now, Luo Feng is the investigator of Jiang-Nan headquarter city and is an ‘invincible wargod’, so very, very few people can make him go out and personally welcome them.

“Continue!”

Luo Feng closed his eyes and continued training his Celestial Deity Catalog. Luo Feng was clear…… that his talent allowed him to shoot towards the ‘peak of the advanced level wargod level’ like a rocket. After that, his dark golden ball shattered, and breaking through the wargod level to the ‘existence surpassing the wargod level’ isn’t even done through talent.

He can only move forward step by step! Many people are stuck at the advanced level wargod level, as they aren’t sure what to do. But Luo Feng knows a path suitable for spirit readers–

Celestial Deity Catalog!

Even though he needs to practice countless times, each bit of improvement brings Luo Feng a bit closer to his breakthrough.

“Beep! Beep! Beep!”

After practicing who knows how many times, the tactical communications watch started ringing.

“Hu” Luo Feng opened his eyes and glanced at the tactical communications watch, “The alarm rang, it’s 11:45. Time to go back and eat lunch”

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The soaring shuttle instantly transformed into countless curved blade pieces. Each of them flew inside the Black God set from Luo Feng’s neck like fish. Luo Feng himself landed on the floor.

“Hm?” Luo Feng glanced at the fist strength testing machine, “I haven’t tested my fitness level for around half a month, so let’s test it!”

After this private training hall was built, Luo Feng tested himself once.

However–

Luo Feng, who has consumed ‘dragon blood’ and the ‘thousand year willow heart’, only absorbed a bit of their effects in the beginning. A lot of the dragon blood’s power and the thousand year willow heart’s vitality are hiding in his body, waiting to be absorbed! When Luo Feng trains, this energy is rapidly absorbed, so Luo Feng has recently been improving at an astonishing rate!

“Fist strength!” Luo Feng turned on the fist strength testing machine.

“Peng!”

Like a shooting star, Luo Feng’s fist smashed into the fist strength testing machine. The machine shook ferociously. And this is a top quality fist strength testing machine sent by chairman Zhuo Zheng Yong and the others.

“Beep!”

“239881 kg” these numbers appeared on the display.

Luo Feng let out a smile: “Not bad, I’ll probably reach 256,000 kg in one or two months”. Luo Feng’s fitness level has been rising rapidly ever since his return. No wonder even ‘Hong’ said that he doesn’t need to consume any other treasure. As long as his body continues to absorb the leftover effects of the dragon blood and the thousand year willow heart, he’ll improve rapidly.

“Speed!”

Luo Feng turned on the speed testing machine and stood in front of the 80 meter track.

Whoosh!

Luo Feng accelerated like lightning and passed the speed of sound after his first step. After that, he continued to accelerate. After a few steps, he reached his top speed. Just like that, only his shadow could be seen as he flew past the speed testing machine. After that, he swiftly came to a stop.

“583.6 m/s?” Luo Feng mumbled to himself as he looked at the numbers, “Not bad”

As for reaction speed?

As a spirit reader, does he even need to test that? He’ll definitely reach a grade of superior for a peak of the advanced level wargod level!

“After one to two months, my fitness level will reach the ‘advanced level wargod level’”

“After around two years, my fitness level should be able to reach the ‘peak of the advanced level wargod level’” Luo Feng had his loose training outfit on as he walked out the training hall.

Click!

The door to the training hall closed automatically.

“Investigator Luo” in the hallway outside the training hall stood a youth who was smiling. He slightly bowed, “The commander is waiting for investigator Luo in the conference room”

“Commander? Which commander?” Luo Feng asked in a confused tone.

He doesn’t think he knows any commanders.

“The commander from the southeast military sector” smiled the youth.

“Let’s go” nodded Luo Feng.

However, Luo Feng was shocked…… as of now, each headquarter city has military sectors in the surroundings. However, the usual military sector near headquarter cities are called ‘military subsectors’. For example, the military sector to the north of Jiang-Nan headquarter city is a military subsector! However, the southeastern military sector is different….. this southeastern military sector was built to stop invading sea monsters from the eastern sea.

It’s a large military sector!

A large military sector, in terms of power, is way more powerful than a military subsector. And of course, the amount of equipment they have way surpasses the amount in a military subsector.

…..

Inside the conference room.

Right when Luo Feng stepped into the conference room, he saw three people inside: a middle-aged man. Even though his hair had some white hairs mixed in, he sat perfectly straight. His gaze was sharp like a panther’s. Beside him was a middle-aged man wearing glasses. And the third was chief instructor Wu Tong from Limit Hall.

“Hello, Mr. Luo Feng” the middle aged man stood up, and the man wearing glasses beside him also smiled as he stood up.

“Hello” Luo Feng was a bit confused.

But he did have a nice image of him….. because he recognized that the three people who got off the saucer-shaped fighter aircraft were precisely these few people. They arrived almost two hours ago, but decided to wait quietly instead of interrupting his training! Just because of this, he has to show some respect.

“Luo Feng” smiled Wu Tong on the side, “Let me introduce to you, this is Li Da Wei, the commander of the southeastern sector, commander Li. Beside him is executive officer Wang Luo Han, executive officer Wang”

Luo Feng nodded.

Commander of the southeastern military sector. As the commander of a large military sector, his title is general of the land forces. As of now, it’s the highest ranking military position in China!

And commanders of military subsectors, like the commander of the military sector north of Jiang-Nan city, have the title of major general of the land forces. One can imagine just how large the difference is between a ‘military subsector’ and a ‘large military sector’ just from their titles!

To be able to lead the southeastern military sector….. this Li Da Wei is definitely one of the most highest ranking people in all of China!

And such a figure actually personally came all the way here and would rather wait quietly for two hours than interrupt Luo Feng’s training.


Chapter 177: Personal Army

“Spirit reader at the peak of the advanced level wargod level? You indeed are quite different” right when commander LI saw Luo Feng enter, he started observing this legendary genius. The Luo Feng in front of him was wearing a regular training uniform and had a few balls of sweat on his forehead. A seemingly formless energy emanated from Luo Feng, which caused him to seem like an extremely powerful beast.

This caused commander Li and executive officer Wang’s heart beats to accelerate a bit.

They didn’t know, that this was because Luo Feng was practicing the Celestial Deity Cataloga few thousand times earlier this morning. Due to his exhaustion, he couldn’t perfectly control his spiritual force, which caused quite a bit to leak out.

“You guys chat, I’ll go out first” smiled Wu Tong.

“Thank you, chief instructor Wu”

Li Da Wei and Wang Luo Han watched Wu Tong leave. Even though Li Da Wei and Wang Luo Han are of high status, Wu Tong is still part of the ‘Dojo of Limits’. The Chinese government still want to remain on friendly relations with the Dojo of Limits.

“Commander Li, executive office, let us sit and chat” smiled Luo Feng as he sat down.

Li Da Wei and Wang Luo Han both smiled as they sat down. Li Da Wei smiled as he said: “I have long heard of Mr. Luo Feng’s grand name. In the Palace of Wargods, I watched Mr. Luo Feng from afar. And now, after meeting face to face, I realized that Mr. Luo Feng seems even more extraordinary than he did in the Palace of Wargods”

“If commander Li keeps complimenting me, I’ll end up flying” laughed Luo Feng.

“Not a compliment, respect!” smiled commander Li, “I will be 62 this year, but I’m still an intermediate level wargod. This is my limit. According to our military’s information, Mr. Luo Feng once defeated Phantom Demon Catalan, Blood Shadow Ethan, Great Bear Keita, and Vulture Li Yao, the four great advanced level wargods. And three of these four have ‘Black God sets’…… this battle score is outstanding. The highest title, ‘invincible wargod’, was given to Mr. Luo Feng by the Dojo of Limits, which also matches Mr. Luo Feng’s strength. As a fighter….. I truly respect Mr. Luo Feng”

After hearing this, Luo Feng didn’t let it get to his head.

Truthfully, when someone is complimented, especially by someone with high status like the commander of the south eastern military sector, it would make them really happy! However, Luo Feng hasn’t meddled around in the government. He is in a high position because of his ability, and also because of his personality.

Just a few simple sentences caused Luo Feng to have a good impression.

Since Li Da Wei and Wang Luo Han were clear– even though they held high positions in the Chinese government, as Li Da Wei is the commander of a military sector and the general of the land forces….. Luo Feng is an examiner of the Dojo of Limits. And the Dojo of Limits is the earth’s most elite power!

Of course they’ll hold an extraordinary position! Even though they haven’t formed a country, none of the five great countries are willing to mess with them. Instead, they would prefer to be on friendly terms.

If they have a request for Luo Feng, they of course have to get Luo Feng into a good mood. Otherwise, if they get escorted out by Luo Feng….. even if they are the higher ups of the military, they can’t do anything about him.

“Mr. Luo Feng, if you don’t mind, I’ll disrespectfully call you Luo Feng. And no need to call me commander or anything….. just call me Li Da Wei, old Li, or even brother Li” smiled Li Da Wei.

“Haha, I’ll call you old Li” smiled Luo Feng, “Old Li, feel free to say anything you guys came here for”

In the envelope the Dojo of Limits gave to Luo Feng about the ‘responsibilities of an examiner’, things that the examiner would face and things that the examiner is responsible for….. all of these were mentioned. So Luo Feng vaguely knew what these two people were here for.

“Alright, I’ll be direct” Li Da Wei’s face became a bit more serious, “Even though our human society has powerful fighters and laser cannons, the monster hordes are too powerful!”

“Not that I’m trying to lower morale! In terms of numbers, even the land monsters far outnumber us humans” sighed Li Da Wei as he shook his head, “If it weren’t for the threat of the ‘laser cannon’, how could humans live peacefully in headquarter cities?”

Luo Feng slightly frowned as he continued to listen quietly.

“Humans and land monsters, are in a stalemate!”

“We won’t use our laser cannons against the emperor level monsters. And the emperor level monsters won’t join the monster hordes in their invasions against the headquarter cities! Both sides have an agreement” Li Da Wei sighed as he said, “Actually, about the agreement…… your head, ‘Hong’, was the one who negotiated with the emperor level monsters back then”

Luo Feng froze.

Negotiations between humans and monsters? Hong went to negotiate?

“The monster hordes on land and the monster hordes in the sky aren’t too dangerous. Last year, our China had one grade one monster tide, six grade two monster tides, and 21 grade three monster tides. These are all within an acceptable range” said Li Da Wei nonchalantly.

Luo Feng was shocked…..

These numbers were all confidential. Luo Feng didn’t know that the country was attacked this much every year.

“The most dangerous monsters to our country are the monsters in the sea” Li Da Wei’s expression was extremely serious, “Even laser cannons cannot threaten the powerful sea monsters that are deep in the sea. And the amount of monsters in the sea vastly outnumber the amount of land monsters and sky monsters. How could they give in and negotiate?”

“Also– once in the sea, human fighters probably only have 20 to 30 percent of their power left. We cannot even initiate the attack” Li Da Wei shook his head.

Luo Feng nodded silently.

Indeed, humans are weakened quite a bit in the water. Even that little lake by the misty island almost ended up killing Luo Feng. And don’t even mention the vast, boundless sea. As of now, humanity has no way of initiating the attack against the sea monsters.

“We can only defend” Li Da Wei’s face had sadness written on it, “The monsters in the sea can attack the inner parts of the country via the rivers! The sea monsters have peculiar powers: as long as there are enough of them, they can create their own rivers! So us humans cannot allow them to enter. We have to block them with terrain, laser cannons, and our army!”

“Losses are big” Li Da Wei shook his head.

“Even if we kill billions of sea monsters at once….. who knows how many sea monsters are born every day. The battles between the large and small monsters causes many of them to die. Whether or not we kill them….. makes no difference to the sea monsters overall” said Li Da Wei helplessly.

Luo Feng also felt helpless.

Indeed–

Monsters frequently kill each other: survival of the fittest. Whether or not humans kill some sea monsters makes no difference to the sea monsters overall.

“So, Luo Feng, I hope you can occasionally assist our southeastern military sector when we need it and deal with some of the more powerful sea monsters. Don’t worry….. emperor level monsters wouldn’t dare to enter the rivers. Our laser cannons are waiting for them” said Li Da Wei.

An invincible wargod…..

is sometimes more effective than an army of 10,000 in a battle against monsters!

“Alright, I accept” said Luo Feng without hesitation.

The battle between humans and monsters determines their survival, so he should help!

“Thank you!” said Li Da Wei thankfully.

An invincible wargod….. and a spirit reader!

In a battle against a sea monster tide with no ’emperor level monsters’, is even more useful than 10 laser cannons!

“Luo Feng, according to the rules, the army will grant you the title of ‘major general’. Even though it doesn’t come with much power, it represents status. You can save yourself a lot of trouble if you ever go to the army from now on” smiled Li Da Wei, “This title is pretty good already. The title of a commander of a military subsector is major general too”

“Haha….. old Li, to tell you the truth, I wanted to enroll into military school when I was in high school” laughed Luo Feng.

“Oh, how come you didn’t then? Otherwise, a great talent like you would be in our military” followed Li Da Wei.

“Nobody can predict the twists of life” smiled Luo Feng as he shook his head.

He couldn’t enroll into military school, but ended up as a major general!

Keep in mind that there is no navy anymore. Airforce? Just look at the price of a fighter jet and you’ll know that the size of the air force is definitely small. So– as of now, the land army makes up most of a country’s army. Which means that a title of major general is indeed quite prestigious.

“Luo Feng, even though you don’t have that much power as a major general, according to the rules, your level of ‘invincible wargod’ enables you to receive a personal army of 900 people” said Li Da Wei.

“Oh, a personal army of 900 people? What about the examiner of the Thunder Dojo” smiled Luo Feng as he asked.

“His is a personal army of 500 people” Li Da Wei and Wang Luo Han, who remained silent the whole time, laughed.

They were clear that the Dojo of Limits and Thunder Dojo are always competing with each other. Both huge dojos are spread across all over the world. As for their heads, one of them is #1 and one of them is #2. Both of them are existences that quickly came to power after the Grand Nirvana period! And Thunder God even claims that his speed and fitness level are #1.

Maybe in terms of strength, he’s a bit off from Hong. But clearly, he is the closest man to Hong at the moment.

Just from this chat, Luo Feng became a major general of China and now has a personal army of 900 people. Of course, his responsibility is to– assist the south eastern military sector when they need help and deflect the sea monster’s invasion!

…..

The days passed one by one and September 1st approached. The night of September 1st is the night where the Dojo of Limits in the main sector holds their welcome banquet for the new examiner.

Night of August 31st.

Listening room, Xu Xin appeared on the wall’s display.

“Luo Feng, how about I wear this? Would this fit for the banquet?” on the display, Xu Xin was wearing a light yellow evening dress.

“Pretty good” Luo Feng was smiling a bit as he nodded.

“Why do you always say pretty good” Xu Xin started to get a bit irritated, “Answer me right now. Only three answers– not good, average, very good”

Luo Feng touched his nose and smiled: “Okay, this one….. is average. Not as good as the purple one from before”

“Oh, then let me try the next one” Xu Xin jogged away and disappeared from the display.

Suddenly, Luo Feng’s tactical communications watch rang– Beep! Beep!

“Hm?”

“Mail?” Luo Feng pressed the button and opened the mail. The title was–Archaeological Ruin Discovered.


Chapter 178: Archaeological Ruin #9

“Archaeological ruin?” As if a bucketful of water poured onto his head, Luo Feng shuddered. He stopped his smiling and instantly became serious. His eyes were like lightning as they stared at the mail. He said softly: “Open!”

Beep!

The mail instantly opened, and a letter with Chinese on it appeared.

“Examiner Luo Feng:

Please arrive at the world headquarters of the Dojo of Limits in Hong Ning headquarter city before 6 PM, 9/29. Many wargods will assemble and head to ‘Archaeological Ruin #9’ together.

Three reminders:

1, ‘Archaeological Ruin #9’ is one of the safer ruins. It is the only place to get a ‘Black God set’. Wargods have a 28% chance to succeed and a 72% chance to die. Please think carefully before deciding whether or not to enter. Once you enter, you cannot back out.

2, Everyone only has one chance to enter ‘Archaeological Ruin #9’.

3, Fighters who enter ‘Archaeological Ruin #9’ are forbidden from using special defensive gear like the Black God set. They are only allowed to use battle uniforms created on earth.

Please think carefully before making your decision!

If you decide to enter, please prepare! Arrive at the appointed location before the specified date.

Dojo of Limits

August 31st, 2057”

At the end of the letter was the emblem of the Dojo of Limits, which was shaped like a stamp. Just this simple letter caused Luo Feng to calm down completely. He lowered his head as he stared at the three reminders. He felt like the temperature around him dropped by several degrees.

“72% chance of death?” Luo Feng frowned, “and a success rate of 28%. Which is to say….. if you fail, you die!”

“And this is too high. Three out of four people die!”

Clearly…..

Only confident wargods would dare to enter ‘Archaeological Ruin #9. However, even though they’re confident….. the death rate is still as high as 72%! This means that the humans on earth have not found the trick to succeeding. If they knew, then the death rate wouldn’t be so high!

“And you’re not allowed to use special gear like the Black God set?” Luo Feng frowned.

“What kind of bullshit place is this! They even forbid you from using certain gear!”

…..

Deep into the night. Luo Feng sat on the sofa in the listening room quietly. He frowned as he contemplated.

He knew absolutely nothing about archaeological ruin #9. Knowledge is the key to victory. If he just charges into the archaeological ruin like a blind man, and is also forbidden from using the Black God set….. without enough defense, he might lose his life.

“Luo Feng, how about this one?” on the display, Xu Xin changed into another dress.

“Yea, not bad” Luo Feng raised his head and squeezed out a smile.

“What’s wrong?” Even Xu Xin in the main city sector could tell something was wrong with Luo Feng through the display.

“I still have some things to take care of, I’ll tell you later” said Luo Feng.

“Oh, alright. Don’t pressure yourself too much, you’re already doing great” encouraged Xu Xin.

Beep!

The projection turned off.

The listening room returned to darkness. Luo Feng sat on the sofa alone. It was already deep into the night, so it was very quiet.

After thinking alone for a bit, Luo Feng made his decision.

“Beep, beep, beep–”

He dialed the inner Dojo of Limits’ phone number. Even though it is a bit rash to do so, he definitely cannot go into archaeological ruin #9 without knowing anything.

“Hello” the low sound rose.

Even though he talked to this mysterious person a few times, Luo Feng realized that this mysterious person’s voice almost always remained cold and low. Only when he said “thanks, mister” last time did this mysterious person’s tone change as he laughed a bit.

“Hello, I’m Luo Feng” said Luo Feng.

“I know it’s you, examiner Luo Feng. What do you need?” the voice was cold as always.

“I just received a mail titledArchaeological Ruin Discovered. It said that this time’s target, archaeological ruin #9, has a death rate of 72%. And, we cannot use the Black God set. Correct?” asked Luo Feng.

“Yes” answered the low voice easily.

Luo Feng continued to ask: “I want to know, do wargods encounter the same challenges and dangers?”

“Different!”

“As long as your fitness level reaches the wargod level, you can enter archaeological ruin #9” the low voice didn’t pause at all, “Beginner level wargods, intermediate level wargods, and advanced level wargods encounter different challenges and dangers after entering archaeological ruin #9. Some advanced level wargods could lose their lives while beginner level wargods succeed!”

Luo Feng’s face changed slightly.

This was what he was most afraid of: different difficulties. Then it’s up to luck. Even though he’s strong, what if he gets into an extremely dangerous situation?

“However, according to the data, advanced level wargods have higher success rates than intermediate level wargods. And intermediate level wargods have higher success rates than beginner level wargods” said the low voice.

Luo Feng frowned slightly.

Back when he talked with the head, ‘Hong’, it sounded like….. that he could easily get a ‘Black God set’ if he entered the archaeological ruin, as if there was no danger at all. But now that he looks at it, this place has a death rate of 72% and people are forbidden from using the Black God set.

“Why are we forbidden from using the Black God set?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to continue asking.

“You cannot enter while wearing the Black God set” answered the low voice simply.

“What are my chances of success if I enter” asked Luo Feng.

“Using previous cases of success as reference, the archaeological ruin is full of things that cannot be predicted, so I cannot give a precise answer. I can only give a guess– the chances of success should be over 80%!” answered the low voice.

Luo Feng went silent.

Yeah, the archaeological ruin is an archaeological ruin because it is special. Humans as of now cannot understand them completely!

“When I talked with the head, the head made it sound quite easy” Luo Feng continued.

“I don’t know” answered the low voice.

Luo Feng froze.

“Usually, you have to apply to enter archaeological ruin #9! As for examiner Luo Feng, the head chose you directly” said the low voice, “As for whether or not it is easy to pass, from my data, I cannot guarantee you will pass for sure! Maybe the head has other reasons. You can ask the head!”

Luo Feng slightly nodded: “Sorry for bothering!”

Beep!

The phone call ended.

…..

Luo Feng quietly sat inside the listening room.

Luo Feng still had no idea what to do even after chatting with the mysterious person. This archaeological ruin #9 was too unpredictable; nobody knows what will happen after entering! Everyone can only enter once, so even Hong probably can’t enter a second time to investigate the ruins. Otherwise, there would be no need to send a group of wargods to their deaths.

“Since the head is letting me go, then I guess I’ll ask the head when I go to headquarters on September 29th” thought Luo Feng to himself.

Maybe other wargods would try their hardest to get a Black God set!

But to Luo Feng, there is no need. He needs at least a bit of confidence before he can take risks. He has no confidence at all right now, so what if he rushes in and, SPLAT, dies? Wouldn’t that be a waste? Only high reward can make people take high risks! A Black God set isn’t enough to make Luo Feng risk it!

Night of September 1st, the sky was dark.

In Ming-Yue sector, a group of armed, patrolling soldiers looked towards a lawn in the distance. A dark blue triangular fighter jet was parked on the lawn. Around the fighter jet were 30 armed soldiers. Luo Feng, who rarely dressed formally, was in a suit as he walked towards the fighter jet.

“Officer!” the thirty armed soldiers saluted. Since he was granted the title of major general, Luo Feng had a personal army of 900 people. Since Ming-Yue sector already had soldiers on guard, Luo Feng split his own personal army into three groups. The three groups take turns patrolling, so their mission was indeed quite relaxing.

“Yea” nodded Luo Feng.

HUALA–

The hatch opened and Luo Feng entered the auto jet like a breeze of wind. After that, the auto jet started to rise. It flew out the city’s defense systems and transformed into a flowing blue light as it disappeared into the horizon.

…..

Jiang-Nan headquarter city, inside the residential area in Limit Hall. Around 90% of the fighters in the headquarter city are here!

The sound of music reverberated.

In the residential area was a large, snow white, three story villa. Tonight, they are going to hold the banquet to welcome the new examiner here! So, long ago, they blocked off the surroundings outside a 100 meter radius with white fencing, blocking people from entering!

A red carpet extended over 100 meters from the gate of the fence to the entrance to the white villa.

And now–

Many big shots of Jiang-Nan headquarter city arrived one by one, like commanders of military subsectors and sectors, representatives of various countries’ special forces, and even high ranking officials of the government. The people of the HR alliance were only allowed to participate in tonight’s banquet because of their status.

Anyways, this is definitely a banquet of the highest level in Jiang-Nan headquarter city.

“Haha, commander Li, welcome welcome”

“Examiner Luo Feng hasn’t arrived yet?” smiled Li Da Wei as he asked.

“Examiner Luo is the main character tonight. This banquet, is a banquet to welcome him. It’s normal for him to be a bit late. Please understand, commander Li” laughed chairman Zhou Zheng Yong, “Excuse me!”. Zhou Zheng Yong immediately ran to welcome other guests. Even if you only count the wargods, a ton of people came!

And over 10 people with the title of commander in the military have arrived!

Li Da Wei held his glass of wine and walked to an empty corner. A youth wearing a suit came up to him and said quietly: “Commander, if everything goes according to plan, something huge will happen within an hour”

“Oh” a smile appeared on Li Da Wei’s face.


Chapter 179: Competing

Music flowed into every corner of the hall. Handsome waiters and beautiful waitresses served fragrant wine and food.

In the hall, all sorts of famous people were chatting with each other.

“Old Li, what are you hiding here by yourself for?” a deep sound rang. A tall, middle aged brute was wearing a suit as he smiled and walked over. Li Da Wei looked over and couldn’t help but to laugh: “Ye Zhong, even though you’re a huge mayor, you sure came early today”

“All our old friends are gathered here for once, so how can I not come early?” smiled the burly brute.

Just from his appearance, this burly brute seems more like a fighter from the military than a mayor! After the Grand Nirvana period, there are only six headquarter cities across all of China. Each headquarter city’s mayor is a high ranking official; their position is way higher than the mayors, governors, etc. before the Grand Nirvana period.

As of now, two people are in command of a headquarter city together, namely the ‘mayor’ who looks over the civilians, and the highest ranking military official in the headquarter city. And the highest ranking military official in Jiang-Nan city is Li Da Wei.

“I heard you took a trip to Ming-Yue sector a few days ago?” smiled mayor Ye, “Anything good?”

“Luo Feng is patriotic” smiled Li Da Wei. Suddenly, his eyes glanced towards the distance and couldn’t help but to laugh, “Look, the people of the Xu family have arrived.

Mayor Ye also turned his head and looked over. While doing so, he even said: “The Xu family? I heard this examiner Luo is dating with that little girl from the Xu family? Oh, that must be Xu Xin. Hm….. no wonder Luo Feng likes her. This girl is quite nice”. In the distance, three people from the Xu family have arrived.

The one leading was a slightly chubby, white haired old man. Beside him was a middle aged woman wearing a black dress who seemed like a noblewoman. The other was Xu Xin in her purple dress! A woman’s greatest weapon is her youth.

Xu Xin was already young, and after wearing this shoulder-revealing dress, it made her seem even more beautiful.

Which could cause people’s eyes to light up.

“You aren’t satisfied with this little girl from the Xu family being with Luo Feng?” mocked Li Da Wei, “You can also find a pretty young girl from the Ye family to steal Luo Feng away from the Xu family’s little girl. This is a 19 year old invincible wargod who could become an ‘existence surpassing the wargod level’. If you don’t strike now, you won’t have any chance in the future man”

Mayor Ye couldn’t help but to glance at him and laugh helplessly: “An old man like you doesn’t seem like a general at all”

…..

In the corner of the hall.

Xu Xin was currently holding a wine glass as she chatted with her aunt in the corner. Even though their Xu family is one of the 12 families, everyone who came here today are extremely important people. Their Xu family isn’t conspicuous at all. As for Xu Xin and her aunt are even more quiet since they are using their family’s identity to come.

“Who’s the one talking with grandpa?” asked Xu Xin quietly.

“The Thunder Dojo’s examiner’s son, Lei Yu Feng” her aunt also responded quietly.

…..

“Yu Feng, your father hasn’t arrived yet?” the head of the Xu family, Xu Yun Guo, was currently smiling as he talked with a long haired youth.

“Today is the day to welcome the examiner of the Dojo of Limits. That examiner Luo hasn’t even arrived yet and my dad is the examiner of the Thunder Dojo. To come so early….. probably isn’t such a good idea” said the long haired youth. His voice wasn’t kept quiet either, so quite a few servers of the Dojo of Limits glanced over with dissatisfaction.

Chairman Zhou Zheng Yong glanced over.

“Chairman, this Lei Yu Feng is too cocky” chief Yu Sun couldn’t help but to say quietly, “Even though this is a banquet to welcome the examiner of the Dojo of Limits, he is so disrespectful”

“Their Thunder Dojo has always been competing with our Dojo of Limits, so it would be weird if they were respectful” scoffed Zhou Zheng Yong. “Don’t mind him, our new investigator is an ‘invincible wargod’. Their fate has been sealed….. as long as Luo Feng is here on the soil of Jiang-Nan headquarter city, they will be below us!”

Chief Yu Sun on the side couldn’t help but to nod and let out a smile.

…..

The Thunder Dojo and the Dojo of Limits are the two leading fighter organizations on earth.

The Dojo of Limits is a bit stronger, but the Thunder Dojo isn’t far off.

Both Dojos fight over regular students! If they encounter a particularly talented fighter, both Dojos would send their invitations to recruit them. For example, Luo Feng also received the Thunder Dojo’s invitation back then.

Fighters are always competing!

If you build a training camp, I’ll build a training camp too! You have examiners? I have examiners too! You have investigators? I have investigators too! From the lowest ranking people to the highest ranking people, the two Dojos have always been competing. They only have one competitor anyway, since no other power on earth can oppose them.

Even the two powerful heads are eternal rivals!

Thunder God, second strongest fighter on earth. World’s best blade technique, and also claims to have the world’s most powerful body and fastest speed!

And Hong, is the indisputable number one fighter on earth.

Usually, if your strength, speed, and reaction speed are all number one….. with the explosive power of Thunder God’s Nine Stage Thunder Blade, he should be able to become the world’s most powerful fighter! Many fighters think so too, but after all these years, Hong has remained the indisputable number one fighter.

“Old Xu, this is?” Lei Yu Feng’s eyes couldn’t help but to flash after seeing Xu Xin all dressed up.

“This is my granddaughter Xu Xin” smiled Xu Yun Guo.

Lei Yu Feng actually went up to Xu Xin and smiled, “Lady Xu, hello, I am Lei Yu Feng”

“Hello” Xu Xin was a bit dumbfounded.

“Nice to meet you” right when Lei Yu Feng finished that sentence–

The entire hall went into an uproar.

“Examiner Luo is here”

“That fighter aircraft is an auto jet. Last time our organization offered 260 billion Chinese dollars, but the Dojo of Limits wasn’t willing to sell us an auto jet”

“Examiner Luo is coming out of the jet!”

“Examiner Luo is so young!”

Discussions were everywhere, and quite a few people in the entire hall headed towards the entrance.

Xu Xin and her aunt also walked over. On that red carpet that was around 100 meters approached a young man in a black suit. He was currently smiling as he walked over. Everyone’s eyes were on him! Right now, his formless aura was extremely formidable. As a powerful spirit reader, his eyes could cause one’s heart to shake!

“Examiner” chairman Zhou Zheng Yong and the three chiefs, Zhu Ge Tao, Yu Sen, and Wang Ke Fan greeted him at the entrance.

“Chairman Zhou” Luo Feng directly stepped into the hall.

“Examiner, let me introduce to you a few important people” chairman Zhou Zheng Yong wisely brought Luo Feng to the area of the Xu family’s head, ‘Xu Yun Guo’.

Luo Feng saw that white haired old man instantly. He once saw this old man from a distance, so he recognized him.

“This is the head of the Xu family Xu Yun Guo, Mr. Xu” smiled Zhou Zheng Yong.

“I am extremely glad to meet examiner Luo. Examiner Luo’s name has spread far and wide, and, after meeting, examiner Luo’s age is just absolutely jaw dropping” Xu Yun Guo had smiles all over his face, as if a flower that has just bloomed, “Age and strength, with these….. examiner Luo’s future, limitless, absolutely limitless”

These compliments caused quite a few people to scoff.

You’re just making it clear that Luo Feng is your future grandson-in-law….. do you have to be so passionate?

“You praise me too much. It’s my first time meeting old Xu and I’m filled with joy!” smiled Luo Feng as he said a phrase.

“Examiner, let’s go there…..” Zhou Zheng Yong was about to introduce another guest.

“No rush”

But Luo Feng headed straight towards Xu Xin. However, when he saw the long haired youth beside her, he couldn’t help but to frown. Men want to be in control, so when a stranger was standing next to his own girlfriend, Luo Feng naturally felt a bit irritated.

“Please move” Luo Feng looked at the long haired man.

Lei Yu Feng was being stared at by Luo Feng. Lei Yu Feng felt like he was going to suffocate just from the pressure brought by Luo Feng’s eyes. His consciousness was becoming blurry and he instinctively moved back a few steps.

After seeing Lei Yu Feng move back, Luo Feng stood in front of Xu Xin and winked.

Xu Xin smiled brightly and put her arm around Luo Feng’s arm.

“Let’s go” Luo Feng and Xu Xin walked next to Zhou Zheng Yong.

Zhou Zheng Yong looked at Xu Xin with shock, and then let out a face of amusement as he nodded, “Alright”

This scene caused quite a few of the famous people in the entire hall to go silent with shock. Doing such a thing in such a place is basically announcing his relationship with Xu Xin! This scene caused quite a few people to be disappointed, since many of them were trying to get close to Luo Feng via marriage.

Xu Yun Guo and his daughter let out a smile

“Hmph” but Lei Yu Feng’s face was looking horrible.

…..

“This is the mayor of our Jiang-Nan headquarter city, Ye Zhong”

…..

“Examiner, this, is the director of the country’s special forces sector 9, Liu Yan”

…..

“This, is the director of the country’s special forces sector 11 Liu De Kai, old Liu”

…..

“This, is the head of one of the 12 families in our Jiang-Nan city, Mr. Ye Yi Fang”

…..

“This, is the commander of the northern military sector of Jiang-Nan city, commander Tong Xue Zhu”

…..

Luo Feng came to know many special people under Zhou Zheng Yong’s introductions. These people had immense power in China. And all of these people were polite when talking with Luo Feng.

“Examiner, one more” Zhou Zheng Yong kept his voice down, “The last one’s identity is absolutely amazing. He’s the leader of the second squad in our military’s most powerful special forces sector, “Hua Shan’. His teacher is the creator of the organization ‘Hua Shan’, ‘Jia Yi’, who is an existence surpassing the wargod level”

Military’s most powerful special forces sector? Hua Shan?

“Why would they call it ‘Hua Shan’, how weird” laughed Luo Feng quietly.

“The creator, ‘Representative Jia Yi’, was the one who named it, who knows why” said Zhou Zheng Yong quietly, “Jia Yi is one of the few existences surpassing the wargod level in China. He has tons of authority. And of course, the organizations he creates also has tons of authority!”

Chairman Zhou said no more, as he already brought Luo Feng in front of a middle-aged man.

Right when Luo Feng was going to speak with the representative of the country’s most powerful special forces sector–

“HAHA, EXAMINER LUO, I’M LATE, SORRY ABOUT THAT!” laughter which could rival the sound of thunder rang across the entire hall.


Chapter 180: No Retreat Allowed

The originally noisy hall immediately quieted down. Everyone turned their heads over and saw a slightly skinny middle-aged man in a suit whose eyes were like lightning. He was currently smiling a bit as he looked around. He yelled: “LUO FENG, LUO EXAMINER, WHERE IS HE? WHERE? I HAVE ALWAYS WANTED TO MEET EXAMINER LUO AND SEE WHAT KIND OF YOUNG LEGENDARY HERO HE IS!”

“Dad” Lei Yu Feng walked to his father’s side.

This man–

Is the examiner of Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Thunder Dojo– Lei Meng! To be able to take up the position of a large headquarter city’s examiner, Lei Meng is also a famous advanced level wargod. In terms of power, he’s even a bit stronger than vulture Li Yao. Of course, he’s a bit weaker than Phantom Demon Catalan.

Phantom Demon Catalan’s fitness level has reached the peak of the advanced level wargod level, and he has spiritual force.

And Lei Meng simply has his fitness level at the peak.

“Lei Meng is here, now things are going to be interesting”

“Who knows how things will unfold”

Various famous people from all over were interested as they prepared to watch the show. Sometimes they would look towards Lei Meng, and sometimes they would look towards Luo Feng!

Across the entire world, who doesn’t know that the Thunder Dojo and Dojo of Limits are always competing with each other?! Other people are too afraid to mess with the Dojo of Limits, but the Thunder Dojo isn’t! And ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’ remain silent when they see their people compete with each other.

…..

Luo Feng was currently standing in front of the representative of China’s most powerful special forces sector. After hearing examiner Lei Meng’s words, Luo Feng didn’t even glance over. Instead, he smiled towards the representative of the military’s special forces sector and extended his hand: “Hello, I am Luo Feng. I have long heard of representative Jia’s huge name and have always been admiring him. I am glad to be able to meet representative Jia’s student”

“Jiang Long, I am also glad to meet a talented person like examiner Luo” Jiang Long’s feelings toward Luo Feng, WHOOOOSH, soared up greatly!

Know that the person who was most frustrated with Lei Meng’s sudden entrance was Jiang Long!

Because Luo Feng was right about to talk with him. With Lei Meng’s sudden appearance, if Luo Feng turned his head and went to talk with Lei Meng while treating him, Jiang Long, as air…… wouldn’t that be quite embarrassing? And now, Luo Feng’s course of action is to– treat that Lei Meng as air and pretend he didn’t even see him. After that, he kept smiling and chatted with Jiang Long.

Of course Jiang Long would feel great! However, on the other side of the hall, Lei Meng wasn’t feeling good.

“Examiner, squadron leader Jiang is one of representative Jiang’s most powerful students” chairman Zhou Zheng Yong woke up and also smiled as he introduced, “As of now, he’s already an advanced level wargod and is one of the most powerful people in ‘Hua Shan’”

“When compared with examiner Luo, there’s still a difference” smiled Jiang Long.

“In terms of experience, squadron leader Jiang has way more than me” Luo Feng also smiled.

If Luo Feng is respectful to Jiang Long, Jiang Long will also be respectful to Luo Feng.

“Excuse me” said Luo Feng.

“Please go ahead, examiner Luo” smiled Jiang Long, “We will talk later”

Only after chatting with squadron leader Jiang from China’s most powerful special forces sector ‘Hua Shan’ did Luo Feng bring Xu Xin with him as he smiled and headed towards examiner Lei, Lei Meng.

“Examiner Luo, my father rushed all the way here just to congratulate you and happily wanted to chat with examiner Luo. However, examiner Luo pretended that he didn’t even see my father” long haired Lei Yu Feng frowned as he said with dissatisfaction, “This is seriously–”

“Yu Feng”

Lei Meng waved his hand to stop his son from continuing.

Luo Feng laughed in his heart as he saw this scene. If this Lei Meng wanted to stop his son from speaking, he would’ve stopped him a while ago….. when he received the letter talking about the responsibilities of an examiner from the world headquarters, it mentioned– to protect the honor of the Dojo of Limits. Especially when competing with the Thunder Dojo, you have to defeat them! Competing with the Thunder Dojo has already become a kind of tradition! Since Luo Feng took up the position, he of course has to show some backbone.

“I am really sorry. I was talking with Mr. Jiang Long just now. Mr. Lei Meng’s entrance was a bit sudden, so I could not just shake off Mr. Jiang Long to the side. Examiner Lei, am I right?” smiled Luo Feng.

Lei Meng frowned and said nothing.

“I am really happy that Mr. Lei Meng could come” smiles were all over Luo Feng’s face, “We will talk more later”. As he said that, Luo Feng glanced at chairman Zhou Zheng Yong.

Zhou Zheng Yong nodded and headed towards the platform in front of the hall.

…..

On the platform.

Zhou Zheng Yong stood on top of it and looked down towards the important figures as he smiled: “On this day, September first, our Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Dojo of Limits welcomes a new examiner! Who is he?”

“He defeated Phantom Demon Catalan, Great Bear Keita, Blood Shadow Ethan, and Vulture Li Yao, the four advanced level wargods, all alone” these phrases caused the face of Lei Meng, examiner Lei, to change for the worse, because even though Lei Meng is powerful, he still isn’t at Phantom Demon Catalan’s level yet.

And Luo Feng fought the four of them. If Luo Feng really fought against Lei Meng one on one, Lei Meng will certainly lose!

“Three of the four had ‘Black God sets’. But even so, when they encountered him, they lost. Furthermore, he even received the highest title of our Dojo of Limits, ‘invincible wargod’. And he is also extremely young”

“Even if I do not name him, we all know who he is!”

“Let us welcome–

“Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Dojo of Limits’ new examiner–”

“Invincible wargod–”

“LUO FENG!!!”

Chairman Zhou Zheng Yong’s great voice echoed around the hall. The guests below also smiled as they clapped. At the same time, the music suitably rang. While the music played, Luo Feng told Xu Xin he was going and then smiled as he walked towards the platform alone.

Zhou Zheng Yong walked down and Luo Feng walked up.

On the platform.

Luo Feng looked down towards the guests. As he glanced past that Lei Meng, examiner Lei, his expression didn’t change at all; he remained smiling.

“Everyone”

Luo Feng looked towards everyone, “Jiang-Nan headquarter city, here, is my home! To be able to become Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Dojo of Limits’ examiner after growing up makes me feel extremely honored! I won’t say too much, but, as an examiner, I will definitely perform my duties and responsibilities well! I will not lower the prestige of our Dojo of Limits!”

These words caused a round of applause. The people from the Dojo of Limits clapped especially hard.

But Lei Meng and the others watched silently.

“China is my native country. If my native country is in trouble, I won’t just watch. And the war between monsters and humanity will not allow me to retreat. Previously, I have accepted general Li Da Wei’s invitation” Luo Feng looked towards commander Li Da Wei below, and commander Li Da Wei smiled and nodded.

“Alright, that will be it. The most important thing tonight is for everyone to be happy. Chairman Zhou, prepare the banquet” smiled Luo Feng.

…..

The various guests ate dinner together. Well, pretending to eat and mostly chatting! Since the people who came to this banquet are all major figures, they rarely have the opportunity to meet. For example, who can just meet the important members of the country’s special forces whenever they want to?

After the banquet, the various guests ate fruits as they chatted in groups.

Soft music reverberated around the hall and the atmosphere was quite comfortable.

Luo Feng was also chatting with squadron leader Jiang and Liu De Kai. Right when everyone was chatting in the hall.

“WHAT!” a loud exclamation rang across the hall, which caused everyone to stop discussing and look over. The one who yelled was actually the commander of the south eastern sector, general of the land forces– Li Da Wei. Li Da Wei was currently having a call.

“I’LL BE BACK IMMEDIATELY!”

Li Da Wei’s expression was serious as he hung up.

“Commander Li, what’s wrong?” headquarter city mayor Ye Zhong came over.

“Huge problem. The monster hordes from the sea have already come into conflict with the front lines of the south eastern sector” Li Da Wei’s expression was serious. After saying this, the entire hall went into an uproar.

The sea monsters have formed hordes and are invading?

“What grade?” asked mayor Ye.

“Grade one monster tide” said Li Da Wei.

Everyone in the hall was stunned. Even Luo Feng was stunned. Keep in mind that ‘wargod Lu Gang’ lost his life to a grade three rat tide! That tide already had an infinite number of rat type monsters. Above the grade three monster tide is the grade two monster tide, grade one monster tide….. and of course, the legendary disaster grade monster tide!

However, a disaster grade tide has rarely occurred on earth! The label for a disaster grade is– when an emperor level monster is included! Which leads to disastrous results!

A grade one monster tide already represents an unending wave of monsters.

“Now that there’s a grade one monster tide, I need to go back immediately. I hope the wargods here can help when we need it the most!” Li Da Wei looked towards the guests, since there were quite a few wargods here.

“How can we retreat at a time like this” the Thunder Dojo’s examiner ‘Lei Meng’ said loudly. At the same time, he purposefully looked towards Luo Feng.

“Commander Li, there’s no time to waste. Let’s leave immediately” Luo Feng directly headed towards commander Li.

For cases like this, especially times like these!

Lei Meng and Luo Feng are competing, so how can the two examiners retreat from a grade one monster tide? Wouldn’t retreating harm the honor of their Dojo? Since they have taken up the position of examiner, they naturally have to take up the responsibilities that come with the position. They have to bring honor to their respective dojos.

“Luo Feng, be careful” said Xu Xin as she came over.

“Don’t worry” Luo Feng smiled as he squeezed Xu Xin’s nose.

After that–

Luo Feng got on his auto jet. Lei Meng also got on his disk shaped fighter jet. Other wargods who wanted to help also got on their fighter jets. They all soared and swiftly headed south east.

…..

In the fighter jet Li Da Wei was on.

Commander Li Da Wei and the youth from before were both sitting on a chair.

“Commander, some people might have guessed this move” laughed the youth beside him.

Li Da Wei’s expression was serious: “So what if they know? The sea monsters have been gathering. The amount of sea monsters in the Huangpu river region is starting to scare us. If we don’t fight today, the monster hordes will probably attack after one or two months!

We can’t just always wait for the monster hordes to initiate the attack can we? We might as well start the battle earlier!

“We can attack before the sea monsters make sufficient preparations”

“And using this banquet, we can get quite a few wargods to help” smiled Li Da Wei, “Especially Luo Feng and Lei Meng. One of them is an invincible wargod while one of them has a Black God set. If the two of them cooperate with our army, they won’t be less effective than a huge army of 200,000 people!”

The youth nodded.

“Tell me, who will be able to kill more horde leaders later: Luo Feng or Lei Meng?” smiled Li Da Wei.


Chapter 181: The War Between Humanity and Monsters

Autojet.

“#1, follow the disc shaped fighter jet in the very front!” commanded Luo Feng.

The black suit on Luo Feng instantly started to change. Soon enough, it completely disappeared, revealing the white collared shirt within. Luo Feng took off the white shirt and revealed the black vest within. Throwing knives danced as they flew out of the vest.

Huhu~~ they quickly assembled, forming the soaring shuttle.

“The amount of monsters in the sea monster horde will be uncountable, so my golden silk net will just get in the way” thought Luo Feng to himself. He didn’t bring his golden silk net, because it is only useful in a 1v1 situation!

The black membrane covered his entire body and swiftly transformed into the shape of a battle uniform set.

A black helmet even appeared on his head!

“Fellow wargods” a sound carried from the tactical communications watch, “I am Li Da Wei, I am Li Da Wei, 50 more seconds to arrive at the front lines”

“There are an uncountable amount of sea monsters ahead. Fellow powerful wargods, please enter the front lines and assist the army in fending off this time’s monster tide. Wargods with ‘Black God sets’ could try and enter the horde to attack within”

“We have arrived!”

After hearing this sound from his tactical communications watch, Luo Feng quietly said: “#1, open the hatch”

HUALA!

The hatch opened. Luo Feng, who had his black uniform set on his body, helmet on his head, and ghost blade on his back, stepped onto the soaring shuttle and directly flew out. After that, the auto jet closed its hatch and then hovered in midair.

Fighter jets swiftly landed in the forward base below. This forward base was blocking a region of the Huangpu river. This region was completely clogged with large amounts of boulders and reinforced steel. A miniature military base built out of reinforced steel was built on top!

Large amounts of cold light fired out of large, sturdy cannons.

“So this is a grade one monster tide!” Luo Feng was hovering on his soaring shuttle around 1,000 meters above the ground and was completely stunned as he looked below.

The Huangpu river was an important passage for the limitless sea monsters in the south eastern sea to attack the mainland through. For dozens of years, tons of sea monsters caused the Huangpu river’s depth and width to become even more astonishing than it was before the Grand Nirvana period! Who knew how many sea monsters were lying in wait in the great Huangpu river.

And the military base here was clogging up the entire Huangpu river!

So the monsters can’t get past!

And now–

“RUMBLE~~” as if the sky was going to fall and the earth was going to shatter, the sound of cannon fire rumbled throughout the area.

Densely packed sea monsters of all types covered the entire ground as they either flew out or crawled out from within the Huangpu river. Within these monsters were ferocious arthropod type monsters, crawling type monsters which were most familiar with the land, peculiar cnidaria type monsters, echinoderm type monsters, and tons of tons of fish type monsters!

The monsters in the sea are at least 10 times more horrifying than the ones on land!

One, there are tons of them. Two, they have extremely odd abilities!

For example, just look at the shrimp type and crab type monsters within the arthropod group. Before the Grand Nirvana period, thousands of different species of shrimp and crabs have been discovered. If you count in the ones that haven’t been discovered, there are probably tens of thousands of different species! After mutating, the shrimp type and crab type monsters have reached an even more astonishing number. And this is even more so the case for cnidaria types and echinoderm types.

Before the Grand Nirvana period, humans have predicted that there are over two million different species in the sea!

And now?

After the Grand Nirvana period, nobody knows!

They only know that there are way too many horrifying monsters of all types. What happened to the various island countries from back then are an example of their power, so no country dares to underestimate the monsters in the sea.

“Holy shit!”

“What types of monsters are these?” Luo Feng was flabbergasted.

Whoosh!

Luo Feng’s gaze turned cold and the membrane instantly covered his face, revealing only his eyes. After that, he soared downwards on his soaring shuttle!

…..

From the sky, the monsters seemed densely packed. After charging downwards, the monsters seemed even more formidable. Huge amounts of all types of fish type monsters jumped to a height of 20 to 30 meters out of the Huangpu river. A seemingly infinite amount of fish type monsters savagely revealed their teeth, which could even grind reinforced steel!

“Luo Feng, Lei Meng, please kill some of the horde leader level sea type monsters on the land” commander Li’s voice carried from the tactical communications watch.

“Horde leader level?” Luo Feng looked below.

Right away, he saw a gigantic sea monster that was around 15 to 16 meters long with a huge turtle shell on its back. There were even some portions of the gigantic turtle shell that were sticking out and also had a faint gold color to them. Its head was like a dinosaur’s head. It had a tough skull and even grew out a black pointy horn. Its gigantic sawblade-like mouth made none doubt its destructive power.

It was currently swiftly moving without pause.

“Can’t aim, it’s moving too quickly” in a building around a thousand meters away, one of the operators of the laser cannon said in a panic, “These horde leader levels have all become smart. After getting hit before, none of them stop moving after landing on shore”

No matter how fast the laser cannon is, it still needs a human to press a button to command it!

A human’s reaction time, added with the time it takes to press the button, isn’t fast enough.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

The cannon balls fired from cannons with calibers of over 100 mm rained all over the front lines. The 200 meter region between the real military base and the sea virtually became a sea of fire. An uncountable amount of sea monsters crazily charged while the military base crazily fired all sorts of cannons!

“Whoosh!”

A black light flew through the infinite sea monster horde like lightning.

Pu! Peng!

Because the firepower covered the entire region, quite a few large caliber bullets shot towards him. There was even a cannonball that flew straight towards him. However, it was controlled by a shapeless energy and ended up blowing up on a rampaging crab type monster. Even though steel pieces flew everywhere, the black shadow’s speed didn’t drop at all.

“Die!”

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Six cold blades rotated as they flew in front of him. The blades flew across the neck of the gigantic turtle type monster that was charging at the military base. Like cutting through an apple, the horde leader level sea monster’s horrifying head was directly split open. Its huge body kept charging forward, smashing away quite a few other sea monsters in the process. After that, it stopped moving.

“GREAT!” “NICE!” “EXAMINER LUO IS SO POWERFUL” quite a few people in the military base yelled in joy.

“RUMBLE!” “PU!”

But now, a gigantic monster that seemed like a snake crashed into the military base. The walls of the military base shook violently. The wall had quite a few holes and cracks in it already, so after it shook, large amounts of concrete fell from it. And at the same time–

Without any sound or sign at all!

A blinding white light shot out from one of the towers in the military base.

It gave this huge horde leader level monster no chance to dodge as it directly incinerated it into nothing!

The laser cannon!

However, as the snake shaped horde leader monster crashed into the wall, it also released an extremely powerful electrical attack at the same time! PA! A twisted bolt of lightning rapidly spread out and even slipped inside the military base along the muzzles of the cannons. This horrifying bolt of lightning caused quite a few casualties in the military base.

“I can’t believe there are so many horde leader level monsters” Luo Feng scanned around and locked onto another horde leader level monster.

Whoosh!

Even Luo Feng’s own body is tough enough to ignore some cannonfire. Regular sniper rifles can only threaten ‘low level commander level monsters’. These huge cannons can usually kill medium level commander level monsters. As for high level commander level monsters….. it is all up to luck. And for horde leader level monsters? They can only rely on the laser cannon!

But for Luo Feng? The toughness of the ‘Black God set’ is even tougher than an emperor level monster.

You usually need an astonishing amount of impact force to kill a human wearing a black god set by shocking him to death! Just like how Luo Feng…… couldn’t do much against Li Yao. Since the ‘Black God set’ can absorb 90% of the impact force and the remaining 10% spreads across the entire body, which means every part of the body can help withstand against the force of impact.

Over 90% of the laser cannons in the military base on the front lines were used against ‘horde leaders’.

Just that amount of power….. even if Luo Feng accidentally gets hit, it won’t harm him!

…..

“The third horde leader level!”

A gigantic monster that was around 30 meters long shook its black tentacles like crazy as it tried to kill Luo Feng! Against this gigantic being that seemed like a small mountain, Luo Feng got on his soaring shuttle and nimbly dodged the tentacle attacks again and again. At the same time, his cold throwing knives shot towards this octopus type monster.

Inside the military base, operations room.

All around were 3D holograms displaying the scenes of battle outside. Commander Li Da Wei’s expression was serious. Beside him stood other top officials in the military. As for the wargods, they have headed outside to assist the army a while ago to stop the monsters that are capable of charging into the military base.

“BEEP–BEEP–BEEP–”

The alarm suddenly rang.

“A transparent jellyfish type monster entered the base” the alarm system immediately gave its alert. At the same time, the 3D holograms around them immediately displayed an image. Using infrared, they saw a transparent jellyfish with large amounts of soft tentacles entering the outer part of the military base! Thankfully, there were very few soldiers on the outer part.

“Squad #3, head towards trap h21” Li Da Wei directly gave his command.

Suddenly–

RUMBLE!

RUMBLE!

RUMBLE!

The entire military base shook violently and the people in the operations room lost balance for a bit.

“There’s an extremely powerful sea monster crazily attacking our military base from the water below!” someone yelled immediately.

“The appetizer is over and now we’re playing for real?”

Commander Li Da Wei remained expressionless as he commanded: “With the military base as the center, throw napalm bombs in the surrounding 1,000 meter radius”

“Yes!”

The command was sent out. An old man wearing a military uniform in the operations room couldn’t help but to ask: “Commander, isn’t it a bit early to throw the napalm bombs out?”. Even though the sea monsters are powerful, even after mutating, they can only stay on land for a short period of time. If time goes on for too long, they’ll die from lack of water!

Sea monsters need water, so even if napalm bombs can’t burn these sea monsters to death, it can quickly use up the water in their bodies.

So–

Fire is an extremely effective measure to use against sea monsters.

“Not early!”

Li Da Wei let out a rare smile, “This time we have an ‘invincible wargod’ to help us. I thought he didn’t have a black god set, but he actually does! An invincible wargod with a black god set has an astonishing amount of power”

“Contact Luo Feng” commanded Li Da Wei.

“Examiner Luo Feng, please enter the water and kill the large sea monster that is attacking our military base from below” requested Li Da Wei.

Through the 3D hologram they could see…

Luo Feng in his black uniform set just killed a horrifying cnidaria type monster. After receiving this message, he stepped on his soaring shuttle and with a ‘whoosh’, ignored all the various sea monsters and charged straight towards the grand Huangpu river like lightning.


Chapter 182: Sound Wave Attack

Splash!

Luo Feng charged into the Huangpu river. With his naked eye, he could only see peculiar shaped sea monsters. When his spiritual force spread out, it covered the surrounding 100 meter radius! Within this 100 meter radius were over 100 different types of fish type monsters, and various other monsters of different types.

“There sure are a bunch of them” Luo Feng could feel the threat that sea monsters had against humanity.

Keep charging downwards!

…..

As of now, plane after plane flew in the air and dropped large amounts of a new kind of napalm bombs like a celestial maiden spreading flower petals. With the military base as the center, the surrounding 1,000 meter radius was covered with the weapons that the sea monsters hated the most! Even both sides and the surface of the Huangpu river were covered!

Huhu~~

The surrounding 1,000 meter radius instantly became a sea of fire! The monsters’ bodies aren’t afraid of being burned! But…… the water in their body is swiftly evaporating!

Monsters like cnidaria-type monsters, jellyfish, etc. can probably stay alive on land for 2 or 3 hours after their mutation. However, in a fire, they rapidly lose large amounts of water, so they can’t even last for 2 to 3 minutes! According to the type, different monsters can last for different amounts of time.

These napalm bombs, even after being dropped onto water, continued burning!

Water cannot extinguish it! Dirt won’t put it out either! Rolling around on the ground will do nothing. In fact, doing that will just increase the amount of flames on your body! Which is to say, even if you escape the sea of fire, you’ll still be on fire!

You can say, that this is the weapon that sea monsters hate the most!

Without a doubt–

In the sea of fire, the overall power of the sea monsters dropped by around 70%!

But even so, it is still going to be extremely difficult for the military base to block off this attack.

Huangpu river, 50 meters below the surface.

Because the sea monsters have been swimming around here for dozens of years, the Huangpu river was indeed much deeper than it was before.

“Just these three big guys?” under the light of the fire on the surface of the river, Luo Feng, who was at the bottom of the river, saw three gigantic beings in the distance with a glance. The shortest of the three gigantic beings was around 60 meters long. The largest one was at an astonishing 90 meters long.

If you put it upright, it can rival the height of a 30 story building!

The one thing they have in common is…… they all have a sharp horn! The sharp horn on their heads crazily slammed into the foundation of the military base. Every time their sharp horn attacks, it can pierce into a distance of 7 to 8 meters. This caused the entire base to rumble. However, the horns can’t pierce a large enough hole for their gigantic bodies to enter through.

So, they can only attack over and over again to get the desired width, go in a few meters, and then go back to crazily attacking again.

As of now, they have only moved forward by around 10 meters.

“Two mountain shaking whales? And….. a roaring sky beast?” Luo Feng was astonished. The largest one was indeed the roaring sky beast. The other two mountain shaking whales, determining from the size of their bodies, are probably medium level horde leader level monsters. And that roaring sky beast….. is probably a high level horde leader level!

The current Luo Feng doesn’t really care about high level horde leaders.

But, this roaring sky beast!

Even though Luo Feng knew very little about sea monsters, he still knew quite a bit about the extremely horrifying and infamous sea monsters. The roaring sky monster was indeed one of these extremely horrifying monsters.

“The roaring sky monster has a gigantic amount of power. Its strongest attack is the– sound wave attack!”

“Sound wave attack?”

Luo Feng slightly frowned as he immediately transformed his Black God set into earplugs and stuffed his ears. His black helmet formed layers and layers of protection over the portion of his ears.

“I need to kill the roaring sky beast as fast as possible and then eliminate the two mountain shaking whales”

Luo Feng stepped on his soaring shuttle and transformed into a black bolt of lightning as he charged!

The fact that the soaring shuttle is amazing cannot be denied. Even the water can help it speed up! No wonder it’s a treasure that even ‘Hong’ deems important.

“ANG–”

The gigantic roaring sky beast suddenly turned its head and, without any warning, immediately let out an ear piercing sound. The sound then disappeared.

BUZZ~~~

A vacuum was immediately blasted out of the water of the river between the roaring sky beast and Luo Feng. The river water around Luo Feng completely disappeared, and the sound wave attack instantly hit Luo Feng! It was so fast that Luo Feng was given no chance to escape. The sound wave attack that countless wargods feared struck Luo Feng.

However, after going through the special material that makes up the ‘Black God set’, the attack rapidly weakened!

And Luo Feng’s ears were heavily protected, so the target of the attack, the obvious ‘head’, was easily spared from disaster.

“Hm?” Luo Feng only had a slight headache and nothing else. He couldn’t help but to let out a smile, “The black god set is indeed powerful!”

“It can deflect sharp attacks”

“It can weaken impacts”

“It can greatly decrease the effect of sound waves”

This mysterious treasure originating from archaeological ruin #9 was indeed mysterious.

Whoosh!

After deflecting the sound wave attack, Luo Feng immediately transformed into a bolt of lightning as he charged towards the gigantic roaring sky beast. However, at this time…… the river water beside Luo Feng started rumbling and formless attacks struck towards Luo Feng.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Six curved blades immediately flew past the river water like moon light around 70 to 80 meters to the left side in front of him. After that, a painful scream rang. The river water rumbled and a milk white colored blood spread out.

“Hmph, a transparent jellyfish type monster actually tried to ambush a spirit reader. I guess it was tired of living” scoffed Luo Feng to himself.

Out of the sea monsters, there are many types of jellyfish type monsters. As of now, three types that are completely invisible to the naked eye have been discovered! Even though they attack in different ways, they have still been categorized together as the ‘invisible jellyfish type’. For human fighters, they pose a gigantic threat.

But even if you can’t see it via sight, Luo Feng’s spiritual force detected it a long time ago.

“Roaring sky beast! Mountain shaking whale!” Luo Feng seemed like he was going to slaughter some sheep as he charged towards the three gigantic horde leader level monsters!

…..

This battle between monsters and humanity was as tragic as always!

It continued on until 8 AM of the second day.

Even though the sea monsters never broke past the military base, quite a few horde leaders charged in by themselves! Large hordes of sea monsters capable of ‘discharging electricity’, and large hordes capable of spitting ‘poison’, and even hordes that can shoot ‘air bubbles’ like shockwaves…. all sorts of attacks from all sorts of peculiar sea monsters seeped into the military base, which caused quite a few casualties for the human army.

Command room of the military base.

High ranking people of the military and the wargods that came to assist were gathered here. Everyone was in a good mood.

“Thank you, everyone. We were able to successfully defend against the wave of sea monsters! Within half a year, the sea monsters probably won’t launch an assault of such a scale” commander Li Da Wei was in an extremely good mood. Even though losses were great, they are quite insignificant when compared with the losses in the past.

The one who did the most work….. was Luo Feng!

Luo Feng and Lei Meng were the only two people who possessed black god sets out of all the wargods, including the ones originally part of the army! And even though Lei Meng is powerful, the sea monsters can escape once they lose. So even though Lei Meng can defeat horde leaders, it is extremely difficult for him to kill them.

But Luo Feng is different!

With his soaring shuttle and blade pieces, which horde leader can escape such speed?

They all died!

And this battle!

Lei Meng, killed two horde leaders! He also fought back quite a few of them during critical moments, which helped the army quite a bit.

Luo Feng, killed 15 horde leaders!

“Fellow wargods, sell all your monster materials to our HR alliance!” laughed an old man in the command room.

“Those preparing to sell them to Dojos, ask me” laughed commander Li Da Wei.

Even though the wargods risked their lives to fight for the army, they usually don’t ask for anything in return. However, as long as they can find the corpses of the monsters they killed, they would usually sell them to the HR alliance, since the HR alliances offers better prices! The Chinese army also supports this process.

Because the Chinese government receives a bit of profit from the HR alliance, since they allow them to spread across the country.

“This time, examiner Luo Feng earned the most”

“Examiner Luo Feng, you’re going to be rich”

A group of wargods smiled as they congratulated.

Because Luo Feng was blocking the front, none of the wargods in the military base died! So everyone was in quite a good mood.

“I have three horde leaders’ materials here. As for the other horde leaders, I don’t need them” the huge black bag that Luo Feng was carrying automatically opened, and large amounts of monster materials poured out from it and dropped onto the ground. Even though he killed 15 horde leaders, he used his blade pieces to cut off the important parts and put them in his bag at the same time he killed them.

He only stored the materials of three horde leaders, which were all high level ones.

As for the other ones…… he’ll donate them to the country!

“Haha, then I will shamelessly accept them” Li Da Wei didn’t decline.

“Commander Li, you’re not humble at all” a powerful wargod started laughing on the side.

Li Da Wei smiled: “Would a rich man like Luo Feng care about such a small amount?”

Out of the 15 horde leader level monsters, the most valuable materials are from the three that Luo Feng kept for himself.

The old man that was currently examining the materials from the three high level horde leaders couldn’t help but to glare at Li Da Wei: “Old Li, even though the other horde leaders are low level or medium level ones, there are a lot of them. I estimate that the total will come to 30 billion!”. A low level horde leader ranges from 500 million–3 billion at the HR alliance.

A medium level horde leader ranges from 1.5 billion–9 billion!

Out of the 12 that Luo Feng killed, most of them were low level horde leaders and not medium level horde leaders, so the total would indeed come to around 30 billion.

“Roaring sky beast?”

“Nine headed snake dragon?”

The old man that was examining the materials was flabbergasted. The roaring sky beast were extremely horrifying high level horde leaders. They were even more powerful than the steel armored dragon. Since they are both in the sea, it is harder to kill them.

“I’ll take these two for 20 billion. As for this one, I’ll take it for 12 billion. In total, 52 billion Chinese dollars” smiled the old man.

“Okay” nodded Luo Feng.

…..

Luo Feng wasn’t too happy with the results from this war. Money? After becoming an invincible wargod, money is not as important. Real treasures cannot be purchased with money.

Military base.

Li Da Wei personally escorted Luo Feng outside. The two of them walked side by side out the base.

“How are the losses this time?” asked Luo Feng.

“Around 1,000 warriors died and almost 1,000 people are handicapped” Li Da Wei shook his head as he sighed, “And these results are considered good. With you here, the most threatening horde leaders were killed off, so we had an easier time dealing with the monster horde. Just you alone can match a gigantic army of 200,000! In the past…..”

Li Da Wei couldn’t help but to shake his head.

In the war against the sea monsters, human casualties are too great. Otherwise, he wouldn’t purposefully use the gathering of wargods this time.

“And–”

Li Da Wei shook his head as he laughed helplessly, “The billions of sea monsters we killed this time, to the countless sea monsters in the sea, is like a drop in the ocean! Just a drop in the ocean!”


Chapter 183: Cleansing of the Soul

“A drop in the ocean” Luo Feng slightly nodded as he sighed.

“No, you don’t understand” Li Da Wei shook his head, “Without personally experiencing the struggle for life every single day back then, there is no way you can understand….. how my generation feels!”

Luo Feng froze.

Li Da Wei sighed: “I was born in a beautiful time. The year I was born in was during the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong: 1997! My family can’t be considered rich, but we were well off. I grew up without any worries: I played online games and read web novels. My parents would always scold me a bit every day, which irritated me quite a bit”

Luo Feng looked at Li Da Wei with shock…..

Online games? Web novels? In this age, all the students spend their free time from class in the ‘Dojo’. Becoming a fighter is the dream of every young person.

“Don’t look at me like that. Since you haven’t experienced such a peaceful period, it is unimaginable” Li Da Wei let out a smile as his eyes looked back on his memories, “During that time, we would even chat on online discussion boards and shitpost. We could gather for dinner and go on field trips. There truly were no worries at all!”

“However–”

“2015! It all started on January of 2015!”

“We instantly fell from heaven to hell! That year was the year I was preparing for my high school exams….. however, there were no exams!”

“Nightmare befell!”

“The virus spread across the entire world via air. Anything that needs to breathe was infected. My friends died one by one. The girl I had a crush on, the brothers I played basketball with, my neighbors, my guildies from my online games, all of them died one by one! I almost broke down. I thought I was going through a nightmare…..”

“Sadly, I realized that that was just the beginning of the nightmare!”

“On the second half of the year of 2015, countless mutated monsters started attacking the cities where humans gathered! From a few scattered battles to full blown wars! We didn’t care about these primitive monsters, since we thought they wouldn’t stand a chance against human weapons. But we were wrong!”

“The real disaster began!”

“Cities were invaded and humans started running for their lives! Almost six full years of running. I passed by the angel of death multiple times. I struggled for my life every single time, for failure means death. Because of that, I had to pull through. From a simple youth who never experienced pain, to a cruel, experienced warrior!”

Li Da Wei’s voice became low: “In those six years, I watched my father die for me!”

“I watched the girl I love who escaped with me lose her life to the mouth of a monster. I could only clench my teeth and run away while wiping my tears!”

“I trained bitterly and squeezed out my body’s potential!”

“Finally, humans relied on laser cannons and powerful fighters to end up in a stalemate between the monsters on land. And thus, the Grand Nirvana period ended. Humans entered the ‘headquarter city age’. And I….. officially joined the army!”

“With a blink of an eye, around 30 years passed”

Li Da Wei seemed to smile without worry, but Luo Feng felt like that smile contained too much bitterness to express.

“For 30 years, humans and monsters fought. Even though the scale wasn’t as large as the battles in the Grand Nirvana period, it never stopped” Li Da Wei shook his head as he said, “Just counting the armies under my control, do you know how many people have died in the past 30 years?”

Luo Feng froze.

“A rookie replacing a veteran…… I can’t even say how many times that has happened”

“Death notices being sent to their families one by one. They died so humans can exist” sadness could be seen in Li Da Wei’s eyes, “However, I powerlessly realized that a new monster type will appear in each sea monster’s assault every year. A stronger monster will appear every year”

“What does that signify?” Li Da Wei stared at Luo Feng, “It means that, the sea monsters are continuously becoming more powerful!”

“I’m scared!”

“I am very scared” a tear could barely be seen in Li Da Wei’s eyes, “Humans can never go on the offensive, and the monsters in the sea can continuously evolve and become more powerful. I am scared that there will be a day….. that humans will go extinct!”

Luo Feng’s heart froze.

“However, for sea monsters to attack humans, they have to go through the rivers to attack the inland area”

“So–”

“I will dedicate my life to blocking them. I will definitely not allow them to advance by a single millimeter! The farther they are blocked from the land, the bigger the buffer the headquarter city has. Ever since I became the commander of the southeastern military sector, for a whole 11 years, 6 months, and 3 days, the sea monsters have not been able to advance a single step further along the Huangpu river!”

As Luo Feng heard this, his heartbeat accelerated. From his heart, he truly started to respect the senior in front of him!

Because of their sacrifice, young people like him are allowed to grow up in headquarter cities peacefully.

“I’m going to do everything I can against these sea monsters for the rest of my life!”

“All I want….. is for my future grandsons to have a future, to have hope!” said Li Da Wei softly.

Future, and hope?

Yeah!

If the headquarter cities are invaded again, will the future generations have any hope?

“Luo Feng” Li Da Wei lightly patted Luo Feng’s shoulders, “In this age, humans can only rely on two trump cards to survive. One is the high tech ‘laser cannon’, and one is the power of a fighter, fighters as powerful as ‘Hong’”

“For humans to survive, they can either invent a weapon more powerful than the laser cannon as of now!”

“Or, another ultimate fighter like ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’ can appear. Or even a fighter that surpasses ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’!”

Li Da Wei looked at Luo Feng: “Luo Feng, when I was young, nobody taught me anything. Because of that, I went down the wrong path. I’m an intermediate level wargod, but this is my limit. I have no hope of improving”

“But you are different!”

“You aren’t even 20 years old yet….. Luo Feng, an existence surpassing the wargod level can be compared to an army of a million people! And ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’ are even more powerful, making them unrivaled”

“Humans are able to peacefully live in headquarter cities now because ‘Hong’ went to negotiate with the countless ’emperor level monsters’ on land. So, one ‘Hong’ is more valuable than a country’s entire army. I hope…… you can reach that level, or even surpass that level”

…..

As he watched Luo Feng’s auto jet fly away, Li Da Wei had a complicated expression on as he silently mumbled to himself: “I am already old, and Luo Feng….. your future is limitless”

…..

Luo Feng’s thoughts were in disarray because of the words that Li Da Wei gave to Luo Feng at the Huangpu river’s military base.

He trained like crazy in the past mainly for the sake of his parents and brother! Ever since he became an ‘invincible wargod’, even though he still worked hard, he didn’t have much pressure anymore.

Enemy ‘Li Yao’? Hasn’t cared about him for a while.

Family? They’re doing great.

Money? Right now, money doesn’t serve much of a function.

Authority? Even leaders and heads of organizations, families, and armies are all passionate when faced with him.

“Dad, mom”

Ming-Yue sector. Luo Feng walked into his home.

“You’re back. Breakfast is already ready for you. Maid” yelled his father who was reading.

“Your brother is jogging outside. Ever since he got his legs back, he loves to jog” his father’s smile was bright, “Oh yea, Feng, when are you planning on getting married. The only thing your mom and I want to do is to hug our grandsons”

Luo Feng sat in front of the dining table.

He drank hot porridge and listened to his father. Suddenly, he felt like….. he was extremely happy. The warriors in the military base give up their lives in battle so the civilians in the headquarter cities can live peacefully….. maybe, this is why commander Li Da Wei and countless soldiers work so hard.

“Hey, Wei”

He sat on the floor of the training room as he smiled while holding his cell phone, “What, you’re going to travel with your girlfriend this summer? How romantic. Yea. alright. However, I don’t have much time now, since I still have to go out at the end of the month! I’ll see you later. Yeah, okay, see ya!”

Luo Feng’s face was filled with smiles. Wei was having a good life too.

His parents were also happy and his brother’s relationship was going great…..

Luo Feng recalled the words that commander Li Da Wei said–

“All I want….. is for my future grandsons to have a future, to have hope!”

“There’s still a future. There’s still hope!” mumbled Luo Feng to himself, “I also want my parents to enjoy the rest of their lives. I also want my brother to marry and have kids and have a family! I don’t want all of this to be destroyed by monster hordes. I want the future generation to have hope!”

In this moment–

Luo Feng was determined like never before.

“I also want, to pursue the limits of life and surpass my limits! Become a representative, a chairman, and even more powerful than them! Continue to surpass!”

“I also want, to become like ‘Hong’ and use my own power to make the monster hordes of the land tremble!”

“I also want, for the future generation to have a future, and to have hope!”

Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with determination!

“Hardwork!”

“Move forward!”

“Surpass!”

“When I close my eyes for the final time when I die, I don’t want to have any regrets because I didn’t work hard enough in the past!”

After this time’s cleansing of the soul, Luo Feng’s beliefs were hardened like never before. For the entirety of September, Luo Feng dedicated himself to his ‘blade technique’, ‘technique’, ‘fitness level’, ‘Celestial Deity Catalog’, and other things he has to train. His dedication, instead of making him feel bored, made him feel a joy that came from within the deepest part of his heart.

His body’s genetics started to perfect themselves.

His strength improved again and again…..

This physical change to his body made him feel great.

Forcing himself to train leads to poorer results. If he enjoys his training and the feeling of becoming a more powerful being, the rate at which he improves becomes alarming.

Dawn of September 29th, the time when Luo Feng tested himself!

And….. his fist strength reached 258,103 kg, which is over 256,000 kg. He has officially stepped into the ‘advanced level wargod level fitness level’!

…..

Afternoon of September 29th, around 2 PM.

He wore a new blood red colored SS battle uniform which he bought at the cheapest price from the ‘Palace of Wargods’ and had a SS ghost blade on his back. Luo Feng’s body seemed like a polished jewel. As he stood there, he seemed like a blade that could shoot towards the sky as he possessed infinite fighting spirit!

“Dad, mom, I don’t know how long I’ll be gone this time. Luo Hua, while I’m gone, take care of dad and mom”

“Got it, bro”

“Be careful out there” followed his parents.

Luo Feng slightly smiled and then directly walked outside towards his auto jet. The hatch of the jet automatically opened. Luo Feng entered it and the hatch closed.

Whoosh!

The dark blue triangular fighter jet swiftly ascended and flew out of Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s defense network. It then transformed into a stream of light and rushed towards the Dojo of Limits world headquarters.


Chapter 184: Archaeological Ruin

Hong Ning headquarter city. The Dojo of Limits world headquarters was an old, gigantic spaceship. At the parking area beside the gigantic spaceship landed a dark blue triangular fighter jet.

Inside the auto jet.

“We can’t use the ‘Black God set’ in the archaeological ruins, so I have to leave it here” Luo Feng extended his right hand. Soon enough, the black membrane gathered on his right hand and transformed into a black glove, “I still have to give up control”

After the black god set absorbs the blood of its host, it undergoes a transformation: it becomes tied to its owner’s body like never before, as if it was its owner’s skin. It could change into tens of thousands of different things and even hide below skin! However, there is one downside….. once it’s on you, it is very hard to get it off.

There are two ways to get it off your body.

First way, death of the owner!

Second way, force out the blood that the black god set absorbed. This way, the black god set will automatically come off.

“Now, I’ll get the black god set off. I have to let it absorb my blood again later” laughed Luo Feng helplessly.

In a moment, the black glove fell onto the seat of the auto jet.

“#1, put away the black god set” after saying that, Luo Feng left the auto jet.

…..

Inside the gigantic spaceship. Right when Luo Feng arrived, he was led to a certain resting lounge. The lounge was huge and had a few dozen seats.

Six people were already in the lounge. With a glance, Luo Feng determined that a man and a woman were of Chinese descent. The one sitting with his eyes closed was Indian. As for the other three, there were two black people who were also sitting silently and a white man with curly golden hair.

“Hello, Luo Feng, I am Ta Ba Yan from Kyoto headquarter city” the Chinese man came over and introduced himself, “From what I know, out of the 8 people departing this time, only you and me are from China. Oh, lady Li who I was talking to is from Hong Ning headquarter city”

“Oh” Luo Feng slightly nodded, said a few words, and then sat on the side.

To prepare to enter the archaeological ruin…..

Soon enough, the 8th and last member arrived. All the wargods of the Dojo of Limits headed to archaeological ruin #9 have arrived.

“Everyone, please follow me”

Under the lead of a man wearing a loose red robe, Luo Feng and the other seven wargods from all over the world arrived at a room made out of a weird purple colored wood. Luo Feng and the others have never seen the purple wood that made up the room. However, it had a weird smell that could help someone gather their spirits like never before.

A man wearing black was currently standing in the room. His back was faced towards Luo Feng and the group.

“Head!”

Luo Feng and the other seven people all slightly bowed.

Only after that did the black clothed man turn around. He scanned across Luo Feng’s group as he said emotionlessly: “Archaeological ruin #9, even though it’s one of the safer archaeological ruins, its death rate is still very high. If any of you want to leave, you can say it now. Otherwise, it will be too late for regrets after entering the archaeological ruin”

Everyone stayed silent.

“Very good” said the black clothed man calmly, “Allure, come in”

His sound spread out.

Whoosh!

A blurry image came together outside the door, which showed to be a mysterious girl who was wearing a golden mask and a black robe. Her black, long hair was spread out. Because the mask was blocking her face, you could only see her eyes, nose, and mouth. However, just from those, you could tell that she is an extremely beautiful person.

Especially those eyes, it seemed to attract the deepest part of one’s soul.

“She’s mixed race” Luo Feng determined this from her eyes, “Allure of the three royal guards, no wonder she got that nickname”

The three royal guards are the most loyal subordinates of ‘Hong’! Because they are always with Hong, the three of them are more powerful than the average strength of the five investigators.

“The eight of you will depart to archaeological ruin #9 in a bit. Allure will lead” commanded the black clothed man.

“Yes”

Everyone heeded the order.

“Luo Feng stay, everyone else leave” commanded the black clothed man.

Soon enough, only Luo Feng and the black clothed man, ‘Hong’, remained in the room.

The black clothed man said calmly: “Luo Feng, you asked the inner section about the archaeological ruins through phone? You don’t want to go?”

“Head”

Luo Feng slightly bowed, “I did make a phone call to ask about it. At that time, I thought that it wasn’t worth it to enter the ‘archaeological ruin’, because after risking my life, the only thing I get in the end is a….. ‘black god set’. Because of that, I was quite hesitant at that time”

“You changed your mind?” the black clothed man looked at Luo Feng with a bit of shock.

“Yes”

Luo Feng nodded, “The path to aim for the limits of life is filled with difficulty. Of course I can’t shy away from any challenges!”

“Pedestrians can get hit by a car”

“Even in a sector, a dropped vase could hit your head. Nothing is absolutely safe!”

“I picked this path because I need the courage to fight. If it’s absolutely safe, then there’s no point in challenging it. Only because there is danger can my blood boil and fill me with the will to fight! And also, I was already told that my chances of success is over 80%, so what do I have to be afraid of?” Luo Feng’s eyes were bright.

The black clothed man looked and nodded to himself.

This young man in front of him is talented, but to become truly successful, talent isn’t enough.

This young man, compared to the last time he saw him, has at least double the fighting spirit! A flowing fighting spirit that seems to have been hammered repeatedly! If you truly want to break past the limits of life and become the most powerful fighter on earth, then you need an unstoppable fighting spirit that isn’t willing to give in to anything!

“Good. All I want to tell you is….. even though ‘advanced level wargod level spirit readers’ that entered the archaeological ruin #9 have failed, none of them died” said the black clothed man.

Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat. No wonder…..

No wonder Hong wanted him to go, as if Hong knew nothing would go wrong.

“Of course, there are barely any advanced level wargod level spirit readers in the first place, so we don’t have enough data to absolutely guarantee your safety” said the black clothed man, “Go join the group”

“Yes, head”

Luo Feng left immediately.

Whoosh!

A universe level auto jet was currently soaring the air with amazing speed.

Inside was indeed royal guard Allure and the eight wargods.

“You guys can just call me Mrs. Representative” it felt extremely comfortable to listen to Allure’s voice, “Our destination is archaeological ruin #9. Archaeological ruin #9 is in the depths of the amazon rainforest in South America and is one of the safer archaeological ruins”

The white guy suddenly said with curiosity: “Mrs. Representative, so there are other archaeological ruins?”

“Of course!”

No one could see Allure’s full facial expression, but you could see the ends of her mouth curve upwards, “I can tell you of one. Archaeological ruin #1 is the first archaeological ruin we found on earth. It is located in the depths of the sea around Bermuda in the ‘North Atlantic’”

Including Luo Feng, everyone couldn’t help but to gasp.

Archaeological ruin #1? First one found?

“However, as of now, there is no way to enter the entrance of archaeological ruin #1” Allure’s voice was a bit evil, “Even the most powerful person and the hardest metallic weapon….. after entering, will instantly be destroyed!”

Luo Feng and the others were at a loss for words.

All the humans on earth can’t even get past the entrance of this archaeological ruin #1.

Even ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’ cannot enter. It seems that even ‘SS grade materials’ and even higher quality materials will be destroyed….. “I probably shouldn’t even bother thinking about this place. I need to bring up my skill first” thought Luo Feng to himself.

“Everyone, listen carefully, I’m only going to say this once!”

Allure’s voice became slightly louder.

“Archaeological ruin #9 is an archaeological ruin that uses a ‘disqualification’ type of trial. When you enter, fighters usually continue through the ‘Type-A tunnel’. Spirit readers will be arranged to go through the ‘Type-B tunnel’” after Allure said this, everyone started listening carefully.

It seems like…..

Spirit readers and regular fighters are treated differently inside.

“After entering the depths of the archaeological ruin, everyone will encounter different things”

“The difficulty will be different too!”

“However, those who succeed will receive the ruin’s reward, a ‘black god set’. Those who fail, even if they don’t die, will become handicapped!”

Allure suddenly stood up and faced towards the control area of the universe level auto jet: “Command….. ruin #9”

Beep!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Eight red lights flew out of the auto jet and shot towards Luo Feng and the other wargods’ tactical communications watches on their wrists. The group became confused.

“Don’t panic” the sides of Allure’s mouth slightly curved upwards, as if she was about to laugh.

“There are words inside archaeological ruin #9. However, they are different from any language on earth” said Allure, “If you don’t understand what is being said and can’t read the words in the ruin, you will waste a huge amount of time. Early on, nobody understood these words. There were wargods that spent a full seven months before coming out”

“Understanding what is being said in the ruins will save you guys a lot of time”

“So before entering, I will install a piece of translation software in your tactical communications watch. This translation software can translate everything in archaeological ruin #9 to Chinese and English. After you guys come out, I will be responsible for uninstalling this archaeological ruin #9 translation software”

After five minutes, the installation process finished.

South America, amazon rainforest. Night. The universe level auto jet was flying downwards. It then slowly descended.

HUA!

The hatch opened.

Luo Feng and the other seven wargods and ‘Allure’ walked out together. What was around them was a forest whose ends could not be seen. A few monsters could be seen too, but none of them dared to come close. A ‘CHI CHI’ sound rang, and the dirt on the ground started rumbling. The ground unexpectedly split into two as it separated and revealed a tunnel towards the underground area that was five meters wide.

BEEP!

A silverish gray elevator actually rose to the surface. The elevator doors opened and an old man wearing a red robe came out.

“Representative Allure” the red robed old man slightly bowed.

“Ok”

Allure looked towards Luo Feng and the other seven people as the sides of her mouth slightly curved upwards, “Alright, hurry and enter and then go in the archaeological ruin! Each of you will encounter different things. I hope all of you can come out alive!”. After that, representative Allure directly flew into the universe level auto jet, which quickly flew away.

“Everyone, please make haste. Archaeological ruin #9 will only be open this year for two more hours” reminded the red robed old man.


Chapter 185: Brain Vigor ‘21’

“The final two hours? It seems like you can only enter this archaeological ruin #9 at certain times” thought Luo Feng to himself. At the same time, he remained silent as he entered the silverish gray elevator with the seven other powerful wargod fighters.

The red robed old man pressed the button!

Beep!

The elevator doors closed and the silverish gray elevator started to descend. “CHICHI~~” the opening quickly closed and the depths of the amazon rainforest went back to silence! Even so, none of the various monsters roaming around in the amazon rainforest dared to come near this place!

HUA! The elevator doors opened.

What appeared in front of them was a black hallway forged out of alloy. There were lights along the hallway.

“Everyone, welcome to the base of the human camp in archaeological ruin #9” the red robed man spoke fluent chinese, and then followed up with fluent english, “Right now, we are kind of in a rush, so I won’t go on. Everyone, please follow me!”

The red robed man walked ahead and the other eight people followed behind.

There were nine checkpoints along the black hallway. Finally, they arrived in an empty lobby that was around a few hundred meters wide. There were almost a hundred people from all over the world gathered in the lobby and most of them were in front of computers.

“Welcome, wargods!”

“Wargods, we will pray for your success!”

“Go go go, we’ll receive our fellow wargods when they return. We will have absolutely amazing champagne!”

The various members in the underground base seemed to be overpassionate. However, Luo Feng and the other seven remained silent. The red robed old man smiled on the side: “Ignore these guys. All of them have remained here for too long, so they get a bit excited when they see outsiders. Alright– are the eight of you ready?”

He said that in chinese and english.

Luo Feng and the other seven remained silent. They just stared at him.

“Very good. Open the entrance!” yelled the red robed old man loudly.

CRAAACK~~

An arc shaped portion of the alloyed wall in front of the lobby split open and revealed a circular tunnel.

“What!”

“Holy!”

The eight wargods who remained silent the whole time looked at the round tunnel with shock. Even their eyes were filled with complete shock. Luo Feng also couldn’t hide his surprisement. When the tunnel first started opening, the first two to three meters were still made out of alloy. However, further in….. was a weird dark brown color, as if tree branch after tree branch tied together to form this tunnel.

At the end of the tunnel was actually a mirror that continuously emitted light. It’s probably a mirror.

“Keep going forward through the tunnel and enter that mirror that’s emitting light. That actually isn’t a mirror, but the entrance to archaeological ruin #9!”

“Once you enter, there’ll be no turning back”

“Wargods, I pray that you can come out alive!” the red robed old man looked at Luo Feng and the other seven wargods. The people in the empty lobby also looked at Luo Feng and the seven others.

After going in, their lives will be left to fate!

The eight wargods remained silent for a bit. “Everyone” Luo Feng walked towards the tunnel, “I’ll be going in first”

“Enter”

“Go!”

With Luo Feng in front, the other wargods also entered the tunnel one by one.

“CRAAAACK~~” the alloyed wall behind them closed. There was no way back.

After stepping on the dark brown tree branches that formed the peculiar tunnel, a weird smell emanated. Luo Feng smelled it: “Hm, this smell is coming from this tree branch? How come it smells like the ‘black god set’?”. Only after the black god set sticks to you can you smell its light, yet never fading, smell.

“The shining mirror? Is the entrance to the archaeological ruin?” Luo Feng looked in front of him.

“Brother Luo Feng, I wish you good luck” yelled Ta Ba Yan on the side.

“Good luck to you too!”

Luo Feng laughed and then stepped forward into the shining mirror without hesitation. As if it was the surface of water, the mirror easily swallowed Luo Feng.

“I’ll go next”

the black man spoke his native language, clenched his teeth, and then stepped into the circular mirror.

One by one….. all eight people entered.

This was a black lobby. The front part of the lobby was a semicircle shaped. The entire lobby was a few hundred meters wide. A dreamy light shone from the black lobby’s ceiling, causing the entire lobby to seem quite dream-like.

“This is archaeological ruin #9?”

Luo Feng stood inside the lobby and looked around him. His face slightly changed, “Where’s everybody else?”

…..

At the same time, Ta Ba Yan and the other wargods also appeared in their own black lobbies. These black lobbies were exactly the same.

“Just what you’d expect from an archaeological ruin”

“Right when I stepped through, everything was blurry, and then I appeared in this lobby. I’m even separated from everyone else!” Ta Ba Yan looked at his surroundings with curiosity. Despite saying that, they all knew that each wargod would encounter different things with different difficulties inside the ruin before even entering.

Suddenly–

a dreamy light encapsulated Ta Ba Yan.

“xxxxxx” a complicated sound rang in the lobby.

“Thankfully there’s a translation software” Ta Ba Yan lowered his head and looked at his tactical communications watch. Just two seconds later, the tactical communications watch gave its translation– “please enter the type-a tunnel”. After that, a few words appeared on the display of the tactical communications watch matching the translated ‘ancient ruins language”.

The black lobby was currently rumbling slowly. Only after about half a minute did a black tunnel appear. Beside the tunnel were a few complicated letters.

“Oh, the words are the same, so this must be the type-a tunnel. This is the only tunnel here anyway!” Ta Ba Yan directly walked towards the tunnel. After he entered, the entire black lobby instantly disappeared.

…..

You can say that, at the same time, seven of the eight wargods were headed towards the depths of the archaeological ruins along the tunnels.

In the black lobby, a dreamy light encapsulated Luo Feng.

“What’s going on? This colorful light has surrounded me for over 60 seconds already. How come there’s no response at all?” Luo Feng was quite confused as he raised his head and looked at the colored light. He had no idea that the other seven wargods were quickly released from the light and were already headed to their respective tunnels to the depths of the archaeological ruin.

Only Luo Feng!

“xx, xx, xx…….” a piercing sound that had rhythm to it suddenly rang across the black lobby.

“Translation software” Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at his tactical communications watch. The software was running, and what came out of the tactical communications watch was the sound–“Alert, alert, alert……”

“Alert?” Luo Feng froze.

Luo Feng did not know that a situation like this has never occurred since humanity discovered archaeological ruin #9.

The dreamy light that was surrounding Luo Feng suddenly disappeared. At the same time, crystals that were as thick as a finger shot down from the walls of the black lobby. At least a hundred crystal ropes shot towards like lightning. They were even faster than the vines in the misty island back then.

“Not good” Luo Feng wanted to dodge.

Sadly, these crystal ropes were unbelievably fast, so Luo Feng had no time to respond as they instantly wrapped around him. The crystal ropes wrapped Luo Feng into a dumpling.

“What’s going on?”

“How come I never heard that you get tied up right after entering?” Luo Feng quickly controlled the soaring shuttle in his backpack. Six blade pieces flew outside of his backpack and slashed towards the crystal ropes like lightning.

The blade pieces of the soaring shuttle that could cut through steel like tofu couldn’t even leave a mark on the crystal ropes.

“Break open” Luo Feng struggled with all his power.

“PU!” “PU!” “PU!” “…..

He continued to slash with his blades.

Sadly, as if a tiny child was struggling, nothing he did could get him out of the crystal ropes. Luo Feng soon understood….. that his strength is nothing in this archaeological ruin! Makes sense. Is an archaeological ruin that can grant black god set after black god set something he can oppose?

“Archaeological ruins are indeed filled with mysteries. Who would’ve thought that I would run into a situation like this right off the bat. However, these crystal ropes are merely immobilizing me. They don’t seem to want to kill me” Luo Feng thought to himself.

And at this moment–

A flowing light flowed through the crystal ropes that were tying up Luo Feng and headed towards the ceiling of the black lobby! As if a machine was sending a signal. This process lasted for about 30 seconds. Suddenly–

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

All the crystal ropes quickly retracted and merged into the walls. “xxxxxxx, xxxxxxxxx…..” a bunch of words rang across the black lobby.

Luo Feng looked down towards his tactical communications watch.

Complicated words appeared on the display of the tactical communications watch. At the same time, it spoke in chinese–

“Congratulations. Your brain vigor is 21, greater than 18. You are qualified to enter the ‘elite tunnel’ of the training base. Because this is the first time the elite tunnel has opened in the past 5,000 years, please wait 15 minutes”

Luo Feng stood in the black lobby, his thoughts in a mess.

Didn’t that royal guard Allure say that….. there were only the type-a and type-b tunnels throughout the entirety of archaeological ruin #9? How come an ‘elite tunnel’ popped out all of a sudden?

And this is the first time in the past 5,000 years?

And it even talked about some brain vigor.

“What is brain vigor?” Luo Feng was confused, “My brain vigor is 21, greater than 18? It looks like a brain vigor of 18 is the bottom line of qualification. From the words of this archaeological ruin, it seems like nobody out of all the wargods that have entered so far were able to enter this elite tunnel”

Is this good or bad?

The good part is that the ‘elite tunnel’ is different from the original type-a and type-b tunnels, so there might be an unexpected reward.

The bad part is that, once he enters the ‘elite tunnel’, the experiences of previous fighters won’t help!

Since this is the first time it has opened in the past 5,000 years, nobody knew what would happen after entering this ‘elite tunnel’.

“15 minutes sure is taking a long time to pass”

“There is no signal on my tactical communications watch at all. It looks like you can’t connect with the outside world within the ruins” Luo Feng glanced at his watch. However, he wasn’t surprised. If the outside world could connect with the people in the ruins, then the Dojo of Limits, Thunder Dojo, etc. would know much more about the archaeological ruins.

Time passed slowly…..

Luo Feng waited silently.

“xxxxxxxx…..” a bunch of words rang across the black lobby. At the same time, the lobby started slightly rumbling.

Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at his tactical communications watch, which translated the phrase: “Please enter the elite tunnel”

He raised his head!

A dark tunnel whose end could not be seen appeared in the wall of the black lobby. Beside the tunnel were a few complicated words that matched the words displayed on his tactical communications watch.


Chapter 186: Death Mission

“Elite tunnel huh…..” with a thought from Luo Feng, 365 blade pieces went out of the crack that Luo Feng purposefully left in his backpack and quickly flew out to form the soaring shuttle.

Luo Feng jumped and stepped on the soaring shuttle. Once he was on the soaring shuttle, his speed and agility increased by quite a bit.

“Go!”

Whoosh!

With a speed that could rival a car, he flew into the black tunnel. The black tunnel was extraordinarily dark. After flying for around 500 meters, Luo Feng finally saw several new paths in the road.

“Nine paths? A maze?” Luo Feng frowned. According to what royal guard ‘Allure’ said and his own experiences, he knew that this archaeological ruin #9 uses a disqualification type of training, so it has all sorts of training content.

“A maze appeared? For what?” Luo Feng was confused, “Okay, I’ll first pick a path”

Luo Feng flew into the first path from the left.

In just a moment, another nine paths appeared at the end of this path!

“Damn, nine after nine…… at this rate, even the greatest expert will get lost” Luo Feng carefully examined his surroundings. Around him were ancient tunnels formed by the black tree branches. Nothing stood out.



In a path around 300 meters away from Luo Feng, a blurry black shadow seeped out of the walls in the path made out of the black tree branches. In a moment, as if water was dripping, the black shadow fell onto the floor of the path. It slowly came together, forming a black robed person wearing a silverish gray mask.

The same thing was happening in the other paths. In the nine paths in front of Luo Feng and the nine paths behind Luo Feng. Each of the paths ‘gave birth’ to a black robed man wearing a silverish gray mask.

A total of 18 black robed men started gathering towards Luo Feng.

“Hm? People?” Luo Feng saw a black robed man come out of a faraway path with a glance. This black robed man was wearing a silverish gray mask and had green eyes. His eyes were revealing his unhidden killing intent!

“Another one!”

A black robed man came out of another path. Three, four, five, six….. eight, nine! Nine black robed men stood in front of the nine paths, their green eyes filled with killing intent as they stared at Luo Feng.

“ROAR~” a roar carried from behind Luo Feng.

“There are nine behind me too!” Luo Feng’s spiritual force clearly discovered that there were nine black robed men headed towards him one step at a time as they growled quietly.

Suddenly–

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The nine black robed men behind charged towards Luo Feng along the tunnel like lightning. The nine black robed men in front did the same. Each of the black robed men were filled with killing intent.

“I can’t get stuck between them in this tunnel, or else I’ll be in big trouble from this two pronged attack”

“Charge!”

BOOM!

With his foot on the soaring shuttle and his hexagonal shield and ghost blade in hand, Luo Feng charged forwards like a blood red phantom.

“Break through!” Luo Feng’s eyes became cold.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Six curved blade pieces danced like floating butterflies. They drew past an arc as they immediately charged towards the closest black robed man. The black robed man howled as the silverish gray gloves on his hand actually tried to stop those extremely fast blade pieces!

“PU!” each blade piece held over 500,000 KG of impact force. All six blade pieces attacked the black robed man at the same time!

Like a cannonball, the black robed man flew out. As he flew out of the tunnel, he even hit another black robed man.

“Roar~Roar~” the nine black robed men in the tunnel behind were clearly not as fast as Luo Feng.

However, the other eight black robed men in front of him didn’t charge alone. Instead, they blocked the path.

“Those who block me will die!”

“Break through! Break through! Break through!!!” Luo Feng’s speed accelerated to his limit. A horrifying speed of 1000 m/s caused a sonic boom. Even the air itself was curved under such speed. The six blade pieces in front of Luo Feng cleared all obstacles!

Yet, the eight black robed men howled crazily in front of the tunnel ahead as they waved their right hands that had the silverish gray glove on!

“Injuring ten fingers cannot compare to breaking one of them!” Luo Feng’s eyes were cold.

Whoosh!

At the instant he charged out of the tunnel, the soaring shuttle drew past an arc and charged towards the right. He only had one target– the black robed man on the very right! And Luo Feng’s left hand was holding the shield, ready to deflect any possible attacks.

“PING!” “PU!” three heavy fists smashed into the shield that Luo Feng was holding. Each of the fists were as heavy as mountains: over 100,000 KG!

Thankfully the three fists didn’t land at the exact same time. Otherwise, Luo Feng might’ve died just from the vibrations!

PU!

Fresh blood sprayed out, his left arm was completely broken!

“Die!” Luo Feng’s eyes didn’t even look at the other black robed men. He only stared at the black robed man to the very right.

The six blade pieces cruelly charged towards the black robed man’s head and neck.

“ROAR~” as the black robed man on the very right roared with anger, he swung his two hands like lightning. Sadly, Luo Feng’s blade pieces were too fast….. over mach 10. Two of them successfully slashed the black robed man’s neck. PU! The first blade piece couldn’t even cut through one millimeter. PU! However, the second blade piece slashed through half of the neck!

“Out of the way!”

Luo Feng, who was travelling over 1,000 m/s, roared as his eyes became red. The ghost blade in his right hand instantly transformed into a thunderbolt!

Thunderbolt, quick to the extreme!

Luo Feng was on his soaring shuttle, moving at a speed of over 1,000 m/s, completely using the fourth stage of the Nine Stage Thunder Blade, and using his thunderbolt technique…… this blade is the strongest attack Luo Feng has ever done! The blade directly slashed past the heavily injured black robed man. BOOM! First the blade slashed past, and then Luo Feng’s entire body smashed into him!

The black robed man blew up.

“ROAR~” “ROAR~” the other black robed men charged towards with rage like lightning. Each of them were sprinting at a speed of 800 m/s, which is much faster than Li Yao’s speed. Each of them rivaled Phantom Demon Catalan.

Including the black robed man that Luo Fent blew away earlier!

A full 17 black robed men crazily pursued!

“Too late for you guys” Luo Feng charged towards the very right tunnel like lightning.

Whoosh!

With a sonic boom, Luo Feng left behind an afterimage as his speed on his soaring shuttle reached 1,300 m/s, which is 500 m/s faster than the black robed men. So….. in just a few seconds, Luo Feng left those black robed men behind. However, Luo Feng continued to fly down path after path for half a minute before stopping.

“Nine paths after nine paths after nine paths, never ending…..”

“They better be able to find me after all this” this maze’s design shocked Luo Feng.

In terms of complexity, this maze was quite simple.

It’s just that, how do you even construct such a huge maze?

“After running so much, I probably won’t be able to find the way back for a while” Luo Feng shook his head as he laughed, “At least I got through this part! Those 18 black robed men were too hard to deal with, as each of them could rival a fighter at the peak of the wargod level. The gloves they were wearing were also quite peculiar”. Once surrounded by the 17 black robed men…..

Luo Feng has no confidence in surviving without his black god set.

…..

All 17 black robed men were at the place they were battling at earlier. The pieces of the dead black robed man’s corpse were scattered around the ground. Suddenly, as if it melted, the pieces of the corpse slowly sank into the ground and disappeared.

The bodies of the 17 black robed men became blurry as they transformed into a shadow and merged into the ground.

…..

In the depths of archaeological ruin #9, the hundreds of thousands of thousands of transparent crystal ropes extended towards the same direction. At the same time, a flowing light flowed through them as they gathered towards the same point.

The black tree branches formed a wide path. There were nine paths ahead!

“Another nine paths! Will I ever reach the end at this point?” no matter how good of a temper Luo Feng had, he couldn’t help but to stop.

Every path was exactly the same!

“If I succeed, I can get a black god set. But, what counts as succeeding?” Luo Feng looked at the paths in front of him and thought to himself helplessly. If he was directly told that….. defeating a few black robed men counts as passing, then he could work hard and go for it. But right now, there was no sign at all.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to shake his head.

…..

In a silent path, Luo Feng was still thinking about what to do. And without a sign…..

“Whoosh!” “Whoosh!” “Whoosh!”

Like rain, transparent flowing lights shot down from high above. These transparent flowing lights instantly formed a crystal house that was five meters high and eight meters wide. It trapped Luo Feng inside.

“What’s going on?”

“Before I could even react, it formed a crystal house and locked me up?” Luo Feng looked at this crystal house. With a thought, six throwing knives smashed towards a circle on the same crystal wall with a speed of over mach 10.

The crystal house slightly shook. Sadly….. not a mark was left on the crystal wall.

“What is this house made out of?”

“Even diamond would’ve turned into powder from that impact” Luo Feng was a bit scared. A total impact force of over 3,000,000 kg within a 5 cm diameter circle couldn’t even leave a mark.

“xxxxxx…..” a mysterious sound reverberated within the crystal house for quite a while.

Luo Feng was overjoyed. The archaeological ruin was finally giving a message. He quickly looked down towards his tactical communications watch and his translation software immediately translated the entire message–

“Elite student Luo Feng, your test, the death mission, has officially begun!”

“For the duration, you will receive food and water”

“The instruction manual of the basic 312 moves of the spirit reader ‘controllers’ will be carved onto the wall of the testing room. After learning these 312 moves, you will have a chance to break out of the testing room”

Luo Feng scanned the wall of the crystal house. On the semi-transparent wall of the crystal house were large amounts of all sorts of complicated engravings, over 300 human body diagrams, and archaeological ruin words beside them for further explanation. Luo Feng felt like they were extremely complicated just by looking at them.

This seems to be the basics of the spirit reader ‘controllers’? Just the basics?

“The death mission requires you to: break out of the testing room within three years!”

“If you cannot break out of the testing room within three years, then you fail”

“Failure, means death!”


Chapter 187: The News of Luo Feng’s Death

In the half transparent crystal house in the maze in the depths of the archaeological ruin.

“Failure means death?”

“Three years?” Luo Feng’s face was looking extremely bad. He can’t even contact the outside world within the archaeological ruins! And this special ‘death mission’ gave him a duration of three years. If he was actually stuck in these ruins for such a long time, what would the people outside think?

They would probably think he’s dead!

And then they would contact his parents. Even Xu Xin would know.

“What should I do, I’m not even dead!”

“If I stay in here for a long time, I won’t even be able to contact the outside world” Luo Feng was extremely anxious. When he thought of his family and Xu Xin thinking he’s dead, he couldn’t help but to become even more anxious, “Fuck, can’t believe I ran into this stupid test. I rather not have the treasures I receive from succeeding!”

Luo Feng couldn’t think of what would happen to his family if he wasn’t there for three years!

“Hurry!”

“I need to break out of this testing room as fast as possible!” Luo Feng scanned across the walls of the crystal room. There were large amounts of complicated engravings on them, but Luo Feng couldn’t bother with them anymore. He clenched his teeth, whoosh! whoosh! whoosh! Six throwing knives transformed into six lights as they blasted within a circle with a diameter of 3 cm.

BOOM!

BOOM!

BOOM!

Again and again, Luo Feng crazily attacked with all of his power!

“BREAK!” Luo Feng screamed from his heart.

“I don’t want to stay here for three years!”

He attacked again and again. However, not a scratch was left on this weird crystal-like material.

“It’s no use, no use” Luo Feng helplessly kneeled onto the floor of the crystal house.

Logic told him that since this mission gave him a full three years, breaking out of this crystal house is, without a doubt, extremely difficult. If only….. if only he could contact the outside world with his tactical communications watch to tell his family and his girlfriend that he’s still alive, then that would be good too.

But, he can’t contact them.

If something happens to his parents, then what’s the point of these rewards?

“If I can’t oppose this, then I can only accept it”

Luo Feng’s gaze was as sharp as a knife as he scanned across the diagrams and words of the instruction manual, “if you give me three years, then I will break out of this testing room within three months”

Click!

Luo Feng pressed the button of the tactical communications watch. As if he was taking a video, he recorded all of the diagrams and words on the wall into his tactical communications watch and then translated it to ‘diagrams and Chinese’ through his ‘translation software’. After around 20 minutes, the secret instruction manual for controllers, basic 312 moves, was complete.

…..

As of now, it was 22:56 9/29/2057 in Beijing, China.

Luo Feng has already started studying the instruction manual for controllers, basic 312 moves. His desire to go home caused Luo Feng to focus completely into his studies. There was food and water in the archaeological ruin! If he’s thirsty, he would drink. If he’s hungry, he would eat. As for the rest of the time, it was completely used into studying these basics!

After starting, Luo Feng realized how deep this instruction manual, basic 312 moves, was!

In terms of complexity, who knows how many times more complicated this is compared to the Celestial Deity Catalog.

The Celestial Deity Catalog is just a bunch of dull drawings where one has to model these drawings with throwing knives. This takes upon the idea of “practice makes perfect”, as the person continues to push his throwing knife control to the extreme. From this, the person is able to improve his control! These drawings were created by ‘Hong’ through an AI system. The drawings get harder and harder.

However, thebasic 312 moves is different!

The ones who built this archaeological ruin #9, which was built to contain the training method of the basics of the spirit reader ‘controllers’, is a certain organization in the universe! This instruction manual gave birth to an uncountable amount of powerful people tens to hundreds of times stronger than Luo Feng in the distant past!

The thing that Luo Feng bought back then that was treasured by Hong, Spirit Reader Basics, was created with the knowledge that humans had over the course of a few dozen years.

But the basic 312 moves was created with thousands of millions of years of testing!

Once he began training, Luo Feng immediately realized the difference between the two!

Luo Feng improved quite slowly after practicing the Celestial Deity Catalogfor such a long time, but after practicing the basic 312 moves….. his ability to control throwing knives increased with a whoosh. Even Luo Feng was surprised at his improvement.

…..

“BOOM!”

“Still not enough” in the crystal house, Luo Feng, whose face was stubbled, stared at the crystal wall. There were no marks on the crystal wall, and the ten blade pieces that crashed into the crystal wall danced back to the soaring shuttle, “Ten whole blade pieces, each blade piece with an impact force of over 500,000 KG, is not even close to enough”

“Continue!”

Luo Feng yet again sank into the basic 312 moves. From six blade pieces to ten blade pieces, only two months and 21 days have passed! Keep in mind that after practicing the Celestial Deity Catalogfor a month, he couldn’t even go from six throwing knives to seven! When the two are compared, the difference is shocking.



Underground base of archaeological ruin #9.

“It’s been three months!”

The red robed old man shook his head as he sighed, “Three whole months, and Luo Feng hasn’t come out yet. Notify the Dojo of Limits”

“Yes!”

The many members of the base quickly sent the message.

…..

Luo Feng had no idea how shocked the outside world was while he buried his head in his studies! As of now, of the eight wargods that entered archaeological ruin #9, five people came out. Of these five people, two of them succeeded while three of them were handicapped. There were another three people that didn’t come out!

Usually, if you aren’t able to come out of the archaeological ruin alive, then you would be determined as dead!

However, keep in mind that one of the three people that weren’t able to come out was the famous ‘invincible wargod’ Luo Feng! Nobody would think that Luo Feng would fail! Even if he failed, he should at least be able to escape with a disability. But no news of Luo Feng and the two other wargods could be heard.

Dojo of Limits world headquarters, in the gigantic spaceship-like structure.

The black clothed man, ‘Hong’, stood there silently as he looked outside through a window.

“Head” said Allure respectfully.

“I didn’t think that, I really didn’t think that…..” Hong sighed deeply.

Of the eight that entered, five came out. The fastest one came out in just three days! The slowest one came out in 15 days! The last three never came out….. including Luo Feng. Usually, if they don’t come out after three months, then they would be determined dead!

Before the translation software was made, the longest time it took for a wargod to come out was seven months, since they couldn’t read or understand anything that was going on in archaeological ruin #9.

But after the translation software was made, efficiency was greatly increased. The longest time it takes for someone to come out is just half a month!

The Dojo doubled that time, making the final date ‘three months’.

If they aren’t able to come out of archaeological ruin #9 within three months, then they would be determined dead!

“Three people couldn’t make it out” the black clothed man, Hong, said quietly, “Notify their family members of their death! Luo Feng is an exception….. notify his family that Luo Feng could be dead, but not confirmed”

“Yes” Allure bowed.

“But head, it’s been three months?” Allure couldn’t help but to say. The black clothed man sighed: “I still cannot believe that Luo Feng would die in this archaeological ruin #9. Go!”

“Yes” Allure left.

The black clothed man, Hong, silently looked outside the window. He first saw Luo Feng in the elite training camp. At that time, Hong was shocked at Luo Feng’s talent! After that, his hopes for Luo Feng increased steadily. He even handed the ‘soaring shuttle’ over to Luo Feng. He thought that Luo Feng would become his right hand man one day.

But he didn’t think that…..

Luo Feng would die in archaeological ruin #9, one of the safer ruins.



Dawn, Yang Zhou city, Ming-Yue sector.

“Hong Guo, what is going on?” in the kitchen, Gong Xin Lan yelled, “We weren’t able to contact Feng for three months. I’ve been panicking the whole time”

“Relax”

In the living room, Luo Hong Guo laughed as he looked at his newspaper, “Our son is one of the most powerful people on earth! He kills monsters like he’s cutting through vegetables. The commander of the south eastern sector even came to thank our family last time”

Suddenly–

The doorbell rang.

“Maybe Feng is back” Luo Hong Guo immediately got up, but Gong Xin Lan was even faster than him; she ran from the kitchen all the way to the door to open it.

“You guys are?”

The couple Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan looked at the two people in front of them with confusion on their faces. Standing outside their door was an extremely beautiful woman, and another woman beside her. Below the steps to the door were four more people: the chairman and the three chiefs of Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Dojo of Limits.

The six of them had painful expressions on their faces.

“Hong Guo, something isn’t right, I’m a bit scared” said Gong Xin Lan quietly.

“Chairman Zhou? Quick, come in” smiled Luo Hong Guo.

The six of them came in.

The woman in front bowed: “Mr. Luo, Mrs. Gong, I am Luo Feng’s teacher Jiang Fang”

“Oh, teacher Jiang Fang. I’ve heard of you” smiled Gong Xin Lan.

“I came today to notify you of something” Jiang Fang’s eyes had a bit of sadness in them. She couldn’t have imagined that the talented, yet hard working youth would…..

Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan exchanged glances.

“Our Dojo suspects that your son, Luo Feng, has died, so they wanted us to notify you two” said Jiang Fang quietly.

“Holy!”

Gong Xin Lan’s eyes widened as she immediately collapsed.

Luo Hong Guo’s body froze, but he still went to hold his wife. Luo Hong Guo’s tears couldn’t help but to stream down.

Jiang Fang also held Gong Xin Lan. Gong Xin Lan’s collapsed body froze as she looked at Jiang Fang in front of her with widened eyes. Her voice was shaking: “Teacher Jiang, impossible, this is impossible. Our Feng is definitely fine. Impossible, impossible…..” Gong Xin Lan’s face was shockingly pale.

“We aren’t sure, it hasn’t been confirmed yet” followed Jiang Fang.

“Yes, not confirmed yet” Luo Hong Guo held Gong Xin Lan, “There won’t be any problem. Feng will come back”

But Gong Xin Lan cried without a sound.

Not sure?

What kind of power is the Dojo of Limits? The strongest power on earth! The Dojo of Limits sent a few wargods to notify the two of them. If they didn’t have a clue, would they just come and randomly say something like that? Father Luo Hong Guo was clear….. that there is over a 90% chance that his son, Luo Feng, is dead.

“Hello, chairman Zhou”

Luo Hua walked in his home with a bright smile on his face, but after looking at his father and mother, he couldn’t help but to panic as he ran over: “Dad, mom, what’s wrong?”


Chapter 188: One Year and Three Months

Ever since they heard of the news, Luo Feng’s family was in pain. However, like someone drowning trying their hardest to grab onto something, they wanted to believe that Luo Feng was alive– since he wasn’t confirmed to be dead yet! So they waited anxiously. They also couldn’t bear to notify Luo Feng’s girlfriend, ‘Xu Xin’ about this.

Time passed day by day. There are no walls on earth that can block all wind. Since Xu Xin is part of the Xu family, she kind of realized what was going on after Luo Feng went missing for five months. When she anxiously asked Luo Feng’s parents, they could only tell her the truth……

Even though they were extremely sad, they were all waiting!

Without an absolute confirmation, they won’t give up.

…..

Depths of the archaeological ruin, inside the maze’s crystal house.

Luo Feng had tons of facial hair, but his eyes were as bright as the stars. He lowered his head and looked at his tactical communications watch.

“A year, it’s been an entire year”

“I’ve been in this archaeological ruin for an entire year” with a thought, his formless yet powerful spiritual force flew out like a dragon as it rolled up blade piece after blade piece. A full 14 blade pieces started dancing around him. They then transformed into 14 flowing lights as they smashed towards the same point on the crystal wall!

BOOM!

14 blade pieces, each one with an impact force of over 500,000 kg, which adds up to a total of over 7,000,000 kg! Even an advanced level wargod wearing a black god set will become heavily injured from the impacts. If they are attacked multiple times, then their organs will be completely destroyed!

“RUMBLE~~” the crystal house shook a bit.

“Not enough. Over 7,000,000 kg of impact force isn’t enough?”

Keep in mind that the usual ‘advanced level wargod’ usually has a fist strength of 300,000 kg. With a multiplier of three, their attacks will only end up at around 900,000 kg. Luo Feng is at least eight times more powerful! This strength is definitely way beyond any advanced level wargod.

It could even threaten an ‘existence surpassing the wargod level’.

However–

It is not enough!

“I definitely will be able to get out”

“Dad, mom, Xu Xin….. wait for me” Luo Feng closed his eyes. Two tears couldn’t help but to flow down his cheek, which were quite visible since Luo Feng’s face was filled with dust.



Virtual space, a huge conference room.

A silver floor, silver walls, and a huge silver round table. There were only six chairs that were so black they seemed to be able to swallow up sunlight! As of now, there were five white robed people and one black clothed person sitting on the chairs! This was indeed the ’round table conference’ of the highest level of the Dojo of Limits.

The head ‘Hong’ and the five investigators were here.

“Head, it has been an entire year since Luo Feng has entered archaeological ruin #9. Even people who couldn’t understand and couldn’t read what was in the archaeological ruin back then took at most seven months! After people were able to understand, it took at most half a month!” a white man spoke slowly, “So we can confirm it?”

The black clothed man said softly: “Confirm Luo Feng’s death”

The expressions of the five investigators slightly changed.

“Transfer Luo Feng’s property to his family” said the black clothed man, Hong, without emotion, “keep the auto jet in the Dojo”

“Yes”

The five investigators heeded the command. However, they were a bit amazed that ‘Hong’ cared about Luo Feng’s family so much. For someone like ‘Hong’, dealing with Luo Feng’s property is nothing important at all. And yet, he personally gave the command. Even though Hong said leave the auto jet in the dojo….. keep in mind that an emperor level auto jet is extremely expensive: over 200 billion!

Nobody would say anything if Luo Feng uses an auto jet. But if Luo Feng’s family has this auto jet….. it would be a disaster!

And since Hong personally ordered the transfer of property, nobody would dare to try to take some for themselves.

Keep in mind that Luo Feng’s property is worth a gigantic amount!

“Sadly, we can’t even hold a memorial for Luo Feng, since he died in archaeological ruin #9” sighed investigator Liu. Usually, a memorial will be broadcasted across the entire country for wargods that have died! Even the leader of the country and various wargods will participate. Citizens from all over the country will watch the broadcast.

However…..

Memorials will not be publicly held for wargods that have died in archaeological ruin #9.

One reason is that they need to make up a cause of death to hold the memorial.

Another reason is that, the Thunder Dojo once held a memorial for the wargod that stayed in archaeological ruin #9 for seven months. But who would’ve thought that he would actually come out again. Wouldn’t it be awkward for someone to come to life after broadcasting his death to the entire country?

Ever since that incident, memorials were not publicly held for those who died in archaeological ruin #9.

“Head, we should probably start discussing who should be the new examiner for Jiang-Nan headquarter city”

On 9/30/2058, a notice was posted on the website of the Dojo of Limits.

The news of Luo Feng’s death!

The couple Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan received the news that day.

Even though they also received a gigantic amount of wealth under Luo Feng’s name that day, the two of them were still extremely sad.

And when Xu Xin received the news that day, she couldn’t handle it. She directly quit school and left. She rode on a train alone and left Jiang-Nan headquarter city to a foreign place. Even though the people of the Xu family were easily able to track her down, the head of the Xu family gave his command–

Let Xu Xin stay outside. Just protect her secretly, and do not bother her.

Jiang-Nan headquarter city, Jiang-Nan mountain water sector, a villa on top of Marvelous Mountain. After a year later, it welcomes its owner again.

Inside the villa.

“HAHA, HAHAHA, I AM SO HAPPY, SO HAPPY!!!” inside the villa, Li Yao raised his hands and then clenched his fists. He took in a deep breath and turned his head to his wife Venina, “The Dojo of Limits finally confirmed Luo Feng’s death. Too bad I couldn’t kill him myself”

Venina said quietly: “No, doesn’t he have family? He dared to kill our child, so we…..”

“Yea” Li Yao’s eyes seemed to have a horrifying green light in them.

“However, his family is still the family members of someone who was in the Dojo of Limits” sneered Li Yao, “If we kill them, then we’ll get in trouble too. The best way is to use civilians to torture his family! Make them break down and even….. kill themselves in pain! That way, nobody can blame us”

Li Yao looked towards Venina: “Now if I use the HR alliance, nobody will stop me right?”

Last time Li Yao tried to do something like this, the chairman of the HR alliance’s underground assembly stopped him.

“Luo Feng is already dead. Who would care about the family members of a dead man?” laughed Venina without a care.

When Luo Feng was here…..

Even the HR alliance has to fear him. But now that he’s dead, what do they have to be afraid of?

“Then let’s begin” smiled Li Yao.

“Let me organize it. There are tons of psychology experts. It will be quite a simple task to torture them and break down their minds” smiled Venina.

Ming-Yue sector.

“WHAT? My mom got into an argument with someone at Lotus Pond park and was injured?” Luo Hua couldn’t believe this, “But even if she got hit, why would my mom cry so much?”

Nanny Tai quickly said: “That bitch said way too much. Even I was enraged. But she had so many housewives helping her”

Luo Hua squinted.

Even though Luo Feng was the one who stood out the most in the Luo family, Luo Hua is also extremely talented, especially in terms of intelligence. Even Luo Feng admits that he isn’t as smart as his brother, since his brother was able thrive in the stock market as such a young age. The stock market is the place that can reflect human nature, and Luo Hua was fighting in the stock market ever since he was handicapped.

As of now, he definitely counts as an expert in the stock market.

It’s just that….. he was always overshadowed by his brother! No matter how much money he makes, he never will be able to make as much as Luo Feng! However….. he isn’t dumb. Rather, he’s extremely intelligent.

“I always feared that my brother’s enemy, that Li Yao, will come back”

“Could it be him?”

Even though he might be overreacting a bit, Luo Hua didn’t dare to relax. As of now, he manages the gigantic amount of wealth, tens of billions of dollars, that Luo Feng left behind. And he still has a ‘thousand year black crow root’ spirit of nature, which is said to be a treasure that cannot be priced.

…..

Two months later.

“What?”

Li Yao and Venina’s faces weren’t looking good.

“We can’t do anything either. That little Luo Hua of the Luo family actually hired six ‘advanced level warlords’ as bodyguards. Whenever their parents go out, two advanced level warlords will follow them!” said a young man respectfully, “We do not have the ability to arrange ‘wargods’ to help us, so we can’t do it the hard way”

“So we tried a different approach that doesn’t require force, but–”

“Luo Hua has now become the eighth largest stockholder of China’s ICBC, so he can use China’s special forces to protect his family”

Li Yao and Venina were flabbergasted.

ICBC, that is China’s largest bank with assets around ten trillion. They manage over 50% of the stocks of the country’s financial sector, so the top ten stockholders indeed hold an astonishingly high amount of authority. However, the top five stockholders are all huge organizations and not a single person! How can a little shrimp like Luo Hua become the eighth largest stockholder of ICBC?

Even if he has tens of billions of dollars, someone has to be willing to sell him all of those stocks.

It’s virtually impossible to purchase so many stocks in such a short amount of time in the stock market.

“In China, our HR alliance cannot compare to the country’s special forces. This is their territory” bowed the young man as he said.

“GET OUT” roared Li Yao.

The young man didn’t dare to make a sound as he left.

Li Yao’s face was looking horrible: “Luo Feng was hard enough to deal with, but who would’ve thought that this normal person named Luo Hua would make it so hard too. What method did he use to become the eighth largest stockholder of ICBC?”

“Hmph, I can’t beat your brother”

“But I don’t believe, that I can’t beat you either!”

“Luo family…..” Li Yao’s eyes were flashing with a cruel light.

And when Li Yao started doing all sorts of things to deal with the Luo Family.

On 12/26/2058, which is around one year and three months after Luo Feng got stuck in the crystal house.

In the maze, the crystal house was slightly transparent and extremely beautiful. However, it was even tougher than an emperor level monster’s scales and has trapped Luo Feng for one year and three months!

“BOOM!”

After a boom, flowing lights broke through the crystal house’s wall, and a large black figure walked out with large steps with excitement.

“I’m finally out”

“I’M FINALLY OUT!”


Chapter 189: The Ruin’s Reward

After one year and three months of hard work, he finally broke out of this crystal house.

The crystal house with a huge hole in its wall suddenly let out a ‘CHICHI’ sound. Soon after, it completely transformed into a dreamy light and then merged into the dark brown tree branches on the ground.

“xxxxxxx…..” a familiar sound rang in the maze.

“After one year and three months, I finally hear this sound again” Luo Feng lowered his head and looked towards his tactical communications watch, which quickly translated into–

“Congratulations. You pass the death mission test!”

“Please go along the tunnel in front of you and keep going forward. See me to retrieve your rewards for completing the mission”

While the sound was still reverberating, the solid wall formed out of the dark brown tree branches in front of Luo Feng started to make an opening. A tunnel that was three to four meters wide was formed. The tunnel was dark and there seemed to be a dreamy light at the end, the same kind of light that the ‘crystal wall’ was letting off.

“I finally succeeded. So it’s time to get my reward?” Luo Feng turned around to put his bag on. And then his soaring shuttle flew up.

“Go!”

With a leap, he landed on the soaring shuttle.

Whoosh! The soaring shuttle swiftly flew along the tunnel and quickly arrived at a palace shining with light! As if it was a gorgeous palace where angels lived, the dreamy light in here never disappeared. The palace itself was around a few dozen meters wide, it was like the size of a gymnasium.

“Meet him? Where?” Luo Feng looked around him.

It was all empty!

Suddenly–

A huge amount of light came together and quickly formed a blurry, tall person. It focused and became a crystal person with a bald head.

“The light formed a person?” Luo Feng was a bit nervous. Everything that has happened in this archaeological ruin has long surpassed human capability! Even the most powerful fighter is nothing in this archaeological ruin! Naturally….. Luo Feng would be a bit nervous in front of this crystal person.

“xxxxxx……” the bald crystal person smiled as it talked. Its face was extremely detailed. If it was a real person, they would probably be quite beautiful.

Luo Feng’s tactical communications watch immediately translated: “Hello, Luo Feng”

The bald crystal person took a glance at the tactical communications watch. After that, one of the flowing lights of the palace instantly shot into the tactical communications watch. Luo Feng couldn’t help but to be shocked, as he could tell from the tactical communications watch’s display that this ‘bald crystal person’ of the archaeological ruin was currently deleting a massive amount of information from the tactical communications watch.

“Relax” a slightly metallic sound left the bald crystal person’s mouth.

Chinese?

Luo Feng looked at the person in front of him with shock.

“Don’t be so shocked. I have observed how the humans on this planet have evolved. The evolution in your language, culture, history, everything. Of course, I understand your words and languages” the bald crystal person slightly smiled, “To help you accept me, I’m talking to you in the form of a person”

Luo Feng calmed down.

Yeah, who knows how long this archaeological ruin has been around for. It isn’t weird that they know exactly how the world has progressed.

“Humanity’s technology is still in a primitive state” continued the bald crystal person, “I know everything about you guys. Because of that, I am able to call out your name ‘Luo Feng’. Before you entered here, I called out to you once”

Luo Feng froze.

Yeah, one year and three months ago, he was called ‘elite student Luo Feng’ when the death mission activated. At that time, he thought the translation software added that in. Now that he looks at it, the archaeological ruin indeed knew his name.

“Because you activated the death mission, I called out your name directly” said the bald crystal person, “If you failed the test, then you will die. That way, the news won’t go out. And if you passed the test, you have the right to enter Yun Mo planet and become a member of Yun Mo planet. You will also know that I am observing this planet”

“Yun Mo planet?” Luo Feng froze.

The bald crystal person slightly nodded: “Knowing is the same thing as not knowing”

“And now, I’ll give you the rewards for passing the test”

The bald crystal person waved his hand. Momentarily, a few objects from the depths of the palace were carried over by a colorful light. There were four objects in total: a black vest, a silver armguard, a book that seemed to shine with a bit of starlight, and a hexagonal shaped metal card. These four objects hovered in front of the bald crystal person.

“The first thing is what you people call the black god set” the bald crystal person pointed at the black vest.

“The second, this silver armguard-shape thing is a mini quantum computer!”

“The third, is a technique for controllers, Soaring Sky”

“The fourth, is a card that lets you enter Yun Mo planet”

The bald crystal person touched the last hexagonal shaped metal card. There were two complicated words on it. He sighed: “I’m following the program that my master set, but sadly, even if you get this card, you can’t get the people of Yun Mo planet to come get you. Which means, you can’t enter Yun Mo planet”

“Why?” Luo Feng’s mind was in a mess right now, “And what is this Yun Mo planet?”

“Yun Mo planet is a mysterious place in the vast universe” the bald crystal person looked at Luo Feng, “Sadly, I can’t contact Yun Mo planet, and you can’t contact Yun Mo planet via the card. According to the program in this base, I must give you this card. However, you can’t use it anyway”

Luo Feng was shocked…..

Sounds like this Yun Mo planet is a mysterious and powerful organization in this universe! They set up this archaeological ruin a long, long time ago and observed everything that was going on here. They would pick out the elites and grant them access to Yun Mo planet. However, it seems like this archaeological ruin can’t contact Yun Mo planet.

Yun Mo planet is probably in trouble! Or maybe it has been destroyed!

Nothing is eternal. No matter how powerful or mysterious the organization is, it won’t last forever. This archaeological ruin is in perfectly fine condition, so if contact cannot be made, the fault must lie in Yun Mo planet.

“You can’t use this Yun Mo card, and you already know the usage of this black god set”

“And this mini quantum computer is something that every genetic fighter and spirit reader wants. It is extremely useful” said the bald crystal person, “Not only can it perform every function that your tactical communications watch can, it also has various other functions. The most important one is that it can evaluate a target’s strength”

“Evaluate strength?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Put it on” said the bald crystal person, “And then seep your spiritual force into it”. As he said that, the silver armguard flew towards Luo Feng.

“Okay”

Luo Feng first took off the armguard that was originally on his left arm and then put on this silver armguard. Right when a bit of his spiritual force went into it, the silver armguard quickly attached itself to his skin. On the surface of the silver armguard appeared a huge amount of pictures and words, which were all in Chinese.

“The mini quantum computer also has a translation function” said the bald crystal person, “The translation software in your tactical communications watch will leak out too many of this ruin’s secrets, so I already deleted lots of information about this ruin from your tactical communications watch, including the controller’s basic 312 moves”

Luo Feng nodded.

Who cares if it was deleted? Who knows how many times he has bitterly practiced those basic 312 moves over the course of a year and three months. He has those basic 312 moves memorized backwards and forwards.

“Press the most bottom left button on the ‘mini quantum computer’ and then point the ‘mini quantum computer’ towards someone to evaluate their strength” said the bald crystal person, “You can also control it with your voice”

Luo Feng lowered his head and looked. The so called most bottom left button was just a button formed by a few markings, since the entire surface of the mini quantum computer was smooth and flat. Luo Feng slightly pressed down onto the bottom left button and then pointed the mini quantum computer to himself. Momentarily, a few words appeared above the mini quantum computer– “Battle strength: Spiritual force (Student level 9). Genetic energy (Student level 9)”

“What does student level 9 mean?” Luo Feng looked at the bald crystal person.

“Since you are already part of Yun Mo planet, you have the right to know about this” said the bald crystal person, “There are an infinite amount of life forms in this wide, vast universe. Most of the life forms have the strength of ‘student level’. The so called student level, using the terminology of your world, basically means an average civilian”

Luo Feng froze.

An average civilian….. he’s just a regular person? Just a civilian?

“The student level is split into nine different levels. Level one is the lowest and level nine is the highest. Level one is equivalent to your beginner level warrior level and level nine is equivalent to your advanced level wargod level” smiled the bald crystal person, “The strongest fighter on your planet, ‘Hong’, has received a few inheritances from a few archaeological ruins. That’s how he came to know about the nine different levels. Maybe because he thought those nine levels didn’t sound good, he changed them to ‘warrior, warlord, wargod’. However, across the vast universe, this level is labeled as ‘student’”

Luo Feng took in a deep breath.

“Above the student level is the star traveller level! Only after reaching the star traveller level can you be called ‘genetic fighter’

‘spirit reader’. Before the star traveller level, you’re just a student with no right to be called a genetic fighter, spirit reader” after the bald crystal person said this, Luo Feng was speechless.

He is called an invincible wargod, but it turns out he doesn’t even have the right to be called a spirit reader.

“The star traveller level is also split into nine levels!”

“On your planet, existences surpassing the wargod level are star traveller level fighters!” said the bald crystal person.

Luo Feng came to a realization: so all those mighty and great representatives are star traveller level fighters.

“After becoming a star traveller level fighter, you can wander around in space and at least keep your stomach full. You have the basics to survive” smiled the bald crystal person, “But your planet doesn’t have the technology to allow you to wander around in space”

“What about strength?” Luo Feng asked, “How powerful are they?”

Luo Feng was curious as to how powerful the existences surpassing the wargod level, Hong, and Thunder God were.

“Most of them are at the star traveller level one stage, only a few of them are at the star traveller level two stage! Two of them are at the star traveller level three stage” said the bald crystal person, “The most powerful fighter, ‘Hong’, is at the star traveller level six stage. And ‘Thunder God’ is at the star traveller level seven stage. The two of them are much more powerful than the rest”

Luo Feng froze.

Hong is at the star traveller level six stage? And Thunder God is at the star traveller level seven stage?

“Wait, Hong should be more powerful than Thunder God” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to say.

“I am talking in terms of level, which is the power of their body, genetic energy, and spiritual force. That is not their true battle power” said the bald crystal person, “Hong’s fitness level and genetic energy is indeed weaker than Thunder God’s. However, true battle power doesn’t just rely on fitness level or genetic energy”

“Like you!”

The bald crystal person looked towards Luo Feng, “Your spiritual force is at the student level nine stage! But, your battle ability amplifier is 16! Your genetic energy is at the student level nine stage with a battle ability amplifier of 3.5!”

As of now, Luo Feng can simultaneously control 16 throwing knives at maximum power.

“Both at the student level nine stage, but is a battle ability amplifer of two and ten the same thing?” the bald crystal person looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng froze.

Yeah……

The mini quantum computer only looks at the basics of your body. When he first came here, his spiritual force could control six throwing knives, but now he can control 16 throwing knives. The difference in power is gigantic, but the test still labels him at the student level nine stage.

“Student level nine stage, battle ability amplifier of 16”

“Is equivalent to a star traveller level one stage, battle ability amplifer of 4” said the bald crystal person, “Most star traveller level one fighters have battle ability amplifiers of three to four, so your current battle power can compare to most people at the ‘star traveller level one stage’, which is your so called existences surpassing the wargod level!”

The bald crystal person pointed at the hovering book with a bit of starlight shining from it: “However, you have an instruction manual teaching an attacking method for controllers, Soaring Sky. This Soaring Sky teaches you how to use the weapon for controllers, the soaring shuttle. In the past, you didn’t even understand how to use the soaring shuttle and actually used it as a regular throwing knife. That is a disgrace to this weapon built for controllers”

“What is a controller?” asked Luo Feng.

“The fighters in the universe are split into genetic fighters and spirit readers. These are the two large categories. Genetic fighters are further split into smaller categories, and so are spirit readers. You are in the ‘controller’ type category of the spirit readers. Using the words of your planet, it is simply telekinesis”

Luo Feng was shocked. It looks like the universe has long established a perfect system about training.

“Spirit readers in the star traveller level all wish for a weapon for spirit readers! Who would’ve thought you actually obtained one” said the bald crystal person, “So you are quite lucky. Even though that ‘Hong’ knows about the treasure, one, he isn’t a spirit reader, and two, he doesn’t have the manual that teaches him how to use the soaring shuttle. So that’s why he gave it to you”

Luo Feng was overjoyed. No wonder Hong seemed a bit reluctant and said that he purposefully lowered it to 30 stars.

Even spirit readers of the star traveller level wish for a weapon like this, and he actually got it.

“If they don’t have a weapon built for them, how much of their strength can they actually use”

“And now that you have the soaring shuttle and the instruction manual Soaring Sky, you can unleash the soaring shuttle’s true potential”

“Without the soaring shuttle and instruction manual, you can already compare to a star traveller level one’s battle power”

“But with them, it’s like giving wings to a tiger. Your strength will increase dramatically. As to how much it will increase, it depends on how well you can use the soaring shuttle!” said the bald crystal person.

Luo Feng’s heart rate accelerated.

Even though he hasn’t broke through to the star traveller level yet, with his battle ability amplifier, soaring shuttle, and the Soaring Sky instruction manual, the usual existence surpassing the wargod level won’t be his opponent.

“Usually, you need to be able to control 12 throwing knives at maximum power to break through to the star traveller level”

“But you are talented, as your brain vigor is 21. So your breakthrough requirement is higher than the normal person’s. You need to reach 16 throwing knives to be able to have a chance to break through” said the bald crystal person, “Right now, you can break through at any time. I left the method for your breakthrough in the mini quantum computer. Take a close look at it when you get back”

Luo Feng was excited. No wonder the crystal house’s toughness setting was set so that he needed 16 throwing knives to break it open. He had to reach 16 throwing knives to be able to break through to the ‘star traveller level’.

“You are the first person on earth to become a member of Yun Mo planet in the past five thousand years” said the bald crystal person, “But you can’t get proud. In terms of battle power, that ‘Hong’ is way more powerful than you. He has his own domain already! You can say that he is invincible in the star traveller level”

“As the first person in five thousand years to become a member of Yun Mo planet, even though you can’t enter Yun Mo planet anymore, I still hope for you to surpass them and become the strongest fighter” said the bald crystal person as he looked at Luo Feng.


TL note: Not sure if it’s going to be explained in the future (not explained in the next 10 chapters at least), but using my knowledge from what I’ve seen elsewhere, Hong’s domain essentially creates a ‘space’ that is his. When people are in his domain, they feel like they are powerless before him and are sinking into darkness (as shown almost everywhere Hong appears previously)


Chapter 190: Luo Feng is Back

The bald crystal person was the central AI of the entire archaeological ruin. However, it’s not the type of AI that ‘Hong’ makes, but an AI with human intelligence and even a bit of human emotion! Its original program was to serve Yun Mo planet, so it thought of itself as a member of Yun Mo planet!

Yun Mo planet, only those with true talent, perseverance, and intellect are able to join! Otherwise, even a star traveller level fighter doesn’t have the right to join.

Luo Feng is extremely talented!

To be able to finish the test in one year and three months, his perseverance and intellect is clearly displayed. Only someone like this has the right to enter Yun Mo planet! Sadly, something happened to Yun Mo planet. All these years, this central AI hasn’t been able to contact Yun Mo planet, so it could only guess that something has happened to Yun Mo planet.

However, it is an AI, so it must obey the program it is following. Year after year it continued its mission on earth.

Now that there’s finally someone who was able to become a part of Yun Mo planet, its tiny ’emotion’ hoped for Luo Feng to surpass everyone on earth.

“Yeah, I’ll work hard” nodded Luo Feng, “I wonder if there is anything above the star traveller level?”

“Of course. Star traveller level fighters are only able to survive in space while they wander around” said the bald crystal person, “Above the star traveller level is the star level! Star level fighters are also split into nine stages. And above the star level is the universe level!”

“Star traveller level, star level, universe level…..” Luo Feng kept that in mind.

“Star traveller level fighters can fly between the stars”

“And star level fighters, to you fighters on earth, have the ability to destroy the sky and earth. They can fly in space without a spaceship, but only for a short time. They cannot survive for a long period in space”

“Universe level fighters can wander around in space with just their body. Each of them are truly powerful!”

“For your earth, universe level fighters are deities that you cannot oppose. Even ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’ are ants in front of them. They can just exhale a breath and the resulting shockwave would kill Hong. They can fight with battleships in the universe. Each of them are extremely powerful”

“Reaching the universe level counts as joining the ranks of the powerful fighters in the universe” smiled the bald crystal person, “Of course, just merely joining them. If they choose to, a universe level fighter can easily have a few dozen stars, a countless amount of beautiful women, authority, servants”

“And, only above the universe level can you truly cause the many countries in the universe to fear you” said the bald crystal person.

Luo Feng held his breath.

“A countless amount of beings in the universe are at the student level”

“Star traveller level fighters merely exist, star level fighters are kind of powerful beings. Universe level fighters are large, respectable figures. It takes a countless amount of stars to give birth to one universe level fighter! And there are barely any fighters above the universe level! Even countries around the universe have to respect those fighters” said the bald crystal person.

Luo Feng was flabbergasted. It takes a countless amount of stars to give birth to a universe level fighter? One can imagine how rare universe level fighters are.

Not bad, looks like earth isn’t doing too bad.

“Keep working, Luo Feng!”

“You have hope for the star level! If you work hard, get lucky, meet famous people, etc. You still have a sliver of hope of reaching the ‘universe level’” said the bald crystal person.

Luo Feng didn’t even know what to say.

Does this AI even know how to comfort people? He has to work hard and get lucky and meet famous people to just have a sliver of hope. That’s basically saying– Luo Feng, you have a one in a hundred million chance to reach the universe level!

Well, the bald crystal person can’t be blamed.

It takes a countless amount of planets to give birth to a universe level fighter! Even though Luo Feng is talented, you cannot measure the amount of lifeforms in the universe. There are probably hundreds of billions of more existences that are more talented and are more determined than Luo Feng. The chances of becoming a universe level fighter? They are indeed extremely small.

That is an existence that can fight against a battleship with their bare hands! Extremely powerful!

“You aren’t encouraging me, you’re making me lose confidence” said Luo Feng helplessly.

“Go!”

“Earth is your home. Keep working hard. If there is a day where this location is discovered by other countries in the universe, then the stronger you become, the better it will be for you. You might even be able to help out your home planet” after saying that, the bald crystal person dissipated and became a countless number of flowing lights, “the tunnel is open, you can return home”

“Go back home!” Luo Feng’s heart was beating quickly.

The palace walls moved and then formed a tunnel made out of a huge amount of dark brown colored tree branches. At the end of the tunnel was a shining mirror! Back then, he went through this mirror to enter the archaeological ruin.

“I can finally go back”

“Dad, mom, Xu Xin…..” Luo Feng put the soaring shuttle and the other things into his backpack and then took large steps as he headed towards the mirror through the tunnel. After that, he stepped out of the mirror!

Archaeological ruin #9, underground base.

This base was formed by various different organizations on earth. Whether the five great countries, two dojos, or the HR alliance, all of them have the right to send people into archaeological ruin #9. The various people here also come from various different organizations.

“Ahhh”

Zhang Qing, who was wearing a white robe, stretched in front of the computer, “Man, I’m bored. Sigh, this novel still hasn’t updated yet”. The members of this underground base indeed had very little to do. Other than the basic operations of the base, they just had to receive wargods and contact their organizations. Other than a few notebooks for work, there were various computers here for entertainment.

“After I play some games, I’ll be off work” Zhang Qing suddenly froze.

RUMBLE~~~

Zhang Qing rapidly turned his head!

The near hundred members of the entire underground lobby all turned their heads towards the large door. That door is the door to the tunnel that leads to archaeological ruin #9. Other than manually opening it, the door also automatically opens when the sensors sense a wargod coming out.

“Someone is coming out?”

“Wait, the wargods this year already came out two months ago”

Another batch of wargods were indeed sent in again on 9/29/2058. However, the slowest one came out on 10/25. Now it’s already 12/26. Ever since the translation software was created, nobody stayed in the ruins for a duration of three months before coming out.

“Damn, someone stayed in for three months”

“omg*”

“Oh lord”

All the members stood up and looked towards the slowly opening door. They all wanted to see which wargod stayed in for three months before coming out.

Crack!

The door was mostly open and someone who was completely black stepped out.

“A black person?”

They all froze as they looked at the person in front of him. This person was black and his moustache was dirty, so he really seemed like a black person.

“Beep!”

A beam of light scanned past Luo Feng.

“Welcome back, wargod Luo Feng” this was the electronic sound of the underground base.

“Luo Feng?”

“IT’S LUO FENG!!!”

“HOLY, one year and three months…..”

“LUO FENG IS STILL ALIVE!”

The entire lobby went into an uproar. Luo Feng’s death back then was a huge incident. Even the head of the Dojo of Limits, ‘Hong’, treated that case seriously. Many people didn’t think that Luo Feng would die, but who would’ve thought that one year and three months later, Luo Feng would come out of the archaeological ruin again.

“Welcome, wargod Luo Feng” someone came up to receive him. However, most of the people in the lobby were still going crazy”

Holy! He stayed in archaeological ruin #9 for a year and three months. Ever since the translation software was made, the longest it took for someone to come out is half a month! How could this happen?

“Report, Luo Feng is back”

“Reporting to headquarters, the Chinese wargod, Luo Feng, is back!”

The various members of the underground base started to do their work as they notified their respective organizations. This was definitely an earth shaking piece of news! The genius, an invincible wargod, stayed in the archaeological ruins for an amazing one year and three months.

Dojo of Limits world headquarters, inside the gigantic spaceship structure.

Top floor, in an empty room.

The black clothed man, Hong, held a spear as he closed his eyes. He stood there silently, and then slowly began to practice his moves one at a time. He did them extremely, extremely slowly, but the weird thing is that once he started to do them, the surrounding space itself seemed to curve. The space became so curved that the spear became blurry.

“Knock, knock, knock” an anxious knocking sound rang from outside.

“Hm?” the black clothed man, Hong, slightly frowned.

Everyone is banned from interrupting his training sessions. The only ones allowed to even reach this area are the five big investigators and the three royal guards, nobody else has the right. But none of these eight people are dumb. So unless something extremely important is happening, nobody would distract him.

“Come in” said the black clothed man, Hong, coldly.

The door opened automatically.

Three people came in, which were two royal guards with black robes and golden masks, and investigator Liu.

“What’s going on?” Hong was extremely shocked.

It was really shocking that three people came in together.

“Head” investigator Liu was a bit excited as he said, “Luo Feng came out”

“What” Hong froze.

Beside him, the royal guard with the beautiful figure said quietly: “Head, Luo Feng, who stayed in archaeological ruin #9 for one year and three months, came out alive”

Even Hong was surprised.

Too extraordinary!

One year and three months inside an archaeological ruin that even he doesn’t understand. Since Luo Feng stayed in there for such a long time, he must’ve had some special rewards.

“Depart right now, I’ll personally go welcome wargod Luo Feng of our dojo” the black clothed man, Hong, let out a comforting smile.

The five powerful countries, two dojos, and the HR alliance received this piece of news at virtually the exact same time. All of those powers were stunned. The archaeological ruins are something that even modern age technology cannot understand. Despite that, even though Luo Feng had the translation software with him, he actually managed to stay in there for one year and three months. Something special must’ve happened.

Jiang-Nan headquarter city, Jiang-Nan mountain water sector, in the villa on top of Marvelous Mountain.

“Not bad, Luo Hua, you managed to save your old dad’s life from that” Li Yao sat on the sofa, his eyes shining with a fierce light while he held a glass of red wine.

Whoosh!

Someone charged into the living room like lightning, it was indeed the blond haired Venina.

“What’re you so in a rush for?” frowned Li Yao. He took a sip of red wine and closed his eyes in extreme satisfaction.

“Luo Feng is back!” said Venina in a rush, “He came out of archaeological ruin #9”

Li Yao, who had his eyes closed in satisfaction, widened his eyes out of disbelief. The glass slid off his fingers and CRASH! smashed onto the ground. It split open and the red wine that poured everywhere seemed like fresh blood.


Chapter 191: 50,000 years

Human underground base of archaeological ruin #9.

“Wargod Luo Feng, here is a clean set of clothes”

“Wargod Luo Feng, do you need anything else?”

Luo Feng, who looked like a ‘black person’, took a glance at the two girls at the door and waved his hand, “No need!”. With a thud, the door to the room closed.

“Haven’t had a bath for a year and three months!” Luo Feng swiftly took off his battle uniform set and his clothes and then charged into the tub in the bathroom. Hot water continuously came out of the faucet. When Luo Feng went in, the tub of the water swiftly became black. There’s no helping it, Luo Feng only had water to drink in the archaeological ruin.

Want to take a bath? In your dreams!

As he lay in the tub and allowed the hot water to wash his body, Luo Feng couldn’t help but to use his ‘mini quantum computer’ to make a call. The mini quantum computer has already copied all of the phone numbers and other crucial data from his ‘tactical communications watch’.

“It’s been a year. I wonder how my parents are and if they’re doing well”

Actually, Luo Feng wanted to make this call right when he came out of the archaeological ruin. But since he was blocked by the massive amount of workers in the underground base, Luo Feng could only find a room to take a bath and then make the call from there.

“Beep–Beep–Beep–”

The call went through.

Jiang-Nan headquarter city, Yang Zhou city Ming-Yue sector.

In a quiet room.

Luo Hong Guo was laying on a bed, his face pale white. Beside him was a hanging plastic bag since he was receiving IV treatment. Two nurses were currently with him in the room.

“It’s a phone call from Luo Feng, it’s a phone call from Luo Feng…..” the ring tone rang.

Luo Hong Guo, who had a pale face and closed eyes, instantly opened his eyes and ferociously turned his head towards the cellphone on the counter. He couldn’t care about anything else as he struggled to turn his body and extend his left hand to reach for the cellphone. This scene caused the two nurses beside him to jump with shock, one of them quickly said: “Mr. Luo, you cannot move your waist. Let me do it”

“No problem”

As if he had infinite power and the waist that was hurting was somebody else’s, Luo Hong Guo actually managed to swiftly pick up the phone.

As he looked at the display, Luo Hong Guo was in disbelief: “It’s actually Feng. Who is calling, Feng?”. Keep in mind that the Dojo of Limits has already confirmed Luo Feng’s death. Luo Feng’s parents didn’t know that Luo Feng was in archaeological ruin #9, so they thought that the Dojo had a way to absolutely confirm Luo Feng’s death.

After taking a deep breath, Luo Hong Guo accepted the call.

“Beep.”

“Hello” Luo Hong Guo’s voice was hoarse, low, and had a bit of worry and a bit of expectation in it, as if he was holding a piece of tofu and scared that it would break at any time.

“Dad, it’s me” the voice filled with energy and power that rang in Luo Hong Guo’s dreams who knows how many times, that familiar voice that was so familiar it couldn’t get any more familiar….. caused Luo Hong Guo’s eyes to widen. Luo Hong Guo’s hands started to shake: “Feng, Feng, is that you?”

“It’s me, dad” said Luo Feng.

“Why don’t you hurry up and video chat so I can see you” followed Luo Hong Guo. He was scared that someone was pranking him, since it isn’t hard for modern technology to mimic someone’s voice.

“Dad, I’m taking a shower and I have a huge moustache” Luo Feng was a bit embarrassed.

Beep!

The video started!

Luo Hong Guo stared at the screen of his cell phone. Within the heat of the bath was a human figure. His long hair was wet and he had a huge moustache. However, the shape of that face, and especially those eyes, caused Luo Hong Guo’s eyes to light up. In the video, a throwing knife flew up and swiftly flew past Luo Feng’s face, quickly cutting off that big moustache. What was left was a handsome young man!

It was indeed Luo Feng!

It was indeed the Luo Feng that he, Luo Hong Guo, has raised for 20 years!

“Feng, Feng, you aren’t dead, great, this is great” Luo Hong Guo’s eyes teared up. He and his wife were extremely saddened because of what happened to their oldest son over this period of time.

“Dad, sorry, I was stuck in a place and couldn’t come out. I just came out, and now I’m in South America. I’ll be back home in a few hours” said Luo Feng.

“Okay, okay, no rush. Your things are more important” said Luo Hong Guo.

Suddenly–

Crack, the door to the room opened. Luo Hua, who was in a cotton sweater, came in with a cup of fresh milk.

“Don’t worry, dad, everything has been dealt with. I will be home soon. Is everything fine at home?” the voice from the phone carried over, which caused Luo Hua, who was bringing in some milk, to freeze.

“Bro!”

Luo Hua widened his eyes in disbelief, and his tears practically started streaming down instantly!

The two nurses on the side were flabbergasted. They were clear about how capable this Mr. ‘Luo Hua’ was. He is the eighth largest stockholder of China’s largest bank, ICBC, with property worth over a hundred billion. People who go in and out of his home are people with extremely high authority in the stock market and agents of the country’s special forces.

Even they are nurses arranged by the country’s special forces to take care of Luo Hua’s father, and such a person started crying all of a sudden?

“Everything is fine, everything at home is fine, everything will be fine when you come back” followed Luo Hong Guo.

“Okay, I will be back soon”

The phone call ended.

Luo Hua walked towards his father and said with disbelief: “Dad, that’s a phone call from bro? Bro isn’t dead?”

“In just a few hours, he’ll be home” followed Luo Hong Guo.

“Haha, ha, ha…..” Luo Hua seemed to be crying and seemed to be laughing, “I knew bro would be fine. I knew it!”. Ever since he was young, Luo Feng was like a gigantic tree that was protecting him. He even became a fighter to earn money to help him stand up again. In his heart, Luo Hua is extremely grateful to his brother.

In his life, his brother is extremely important! When the news of Luo Feng’s death spread around, not only were his parents sad, he, Luo Hua, was also sad. However, he had to hold up the family.

He isn’t even 20 yet, but he had to fight against Li Yao’s schemes and deal with all sorts of sly foxes. Luo Hua was indeed very, very tired.



In a cafe in Kyoto headquarter city.

Xu Xin was currently sitting on a couch in the cafe. There was an extremely thin laptop in front of her. The desktop photo of the laptop was a photo of her and Luo Feng together. In the photo, Luo Feng was smiling extremely dramatically, as if he was a child. Xu Xin tapped the screen and opened a folder.

As she held her cup of coffee, Xu Xin silently looked at the photos inside the folder.

“Hello, may I borrow your cell phone for a bit?” a handsome young man smiled as he walked by.

Xu Xin glanced at him. Her eyes were cold. After that, she looked back to her laptop without making a sound.

The handsome young man slightly frowned, but when he saw out of the corner of his eye the photo that Xu Xin was currently looking at on the laptop, which was a photo that Xu Xin and Luo Feng took together on top of a building in the wilderness, the handsome young man couldn’t help but to walk away and curse in his mind: “Damn, she already has a boyfriend. The cabbage is given to a pig. Eh, wait. The background of that photo seemed to be a ruined city, and there were monsters?”

A couple taking a romantic photo in a city in the wilderness?

“I saw the wrong thing, I saw the wrong thing” the handsome young man couldn’t believe this.

And at this time….. an extremely sad song rang, which caused the handsome young man to turn his head in confusion: “Using such a sad song as a ringtone?”

Xu Xin’s body shook on the sofa. She set this song as the ringtone for Luo Feng’s number. She took her cellphone out and accepted the call.

“Xu Xin, it’s me”

Instantly, the layer of ice sealing Xu Xin’s long frozen heart melted.



Exit of the underground base.

Luo Feng, who was wearing a black casual outfit and holding a gigantic backpack, smiled as he watched two flowing lights fly towards him in the sky. After making the two calls, Luo Feng’s heart became much more relaxed.

The two flowing lights in front of Luo Feng was Luo Feng’s emperor level auto jet! After he came out of the archaeological ruin, Luo Feng gave the command to his auto jet…… which instantly came flying over.

“Hm? that’s–” Luo Feng saw the other blood red triangular shaped fighter jet beside it.

The two fighter jets descended simultaneously.

The hatch opened and a staircase extended out. The black clothed Hong stepped out first, whereas royal guard ‘Allure’ and investigator ‘Liu’ followed after.

“Head” Luo Feng slightly bowed.

“Good, you didn’t let me down” the black clothed man, Hong, directly walked in front of Luo Feng. His eyes seemed to see straight through Luo Feng, “And I feel like, Luo Feng, you’re different from before. You must’ve received quite a bit this past year and three months. Go, let’s talk on the fighter jet”

“Yes” Luo Feng clearly knew the head’s strength: star traveller level six stage. But because he has a domain, even those at the star traveller level nine stage probably aren’t his opponent. He is invincible in the star traveller level!

The difference between the representatives at the star traveller level one stage and the head’s strength is like the difference between a ‘beginner level warrior’ and an ‘invincible wargod’!

And the difference between him and the head is also very huge.

The prehistoric level auto jet was in front while the emperor level auto jet was behind.

Inside the prehistoric level autojet, the black clothed Hong, Luo Feng, Allure, and Liu He sat on a chair that formed a circle.

“Luo Feng, you have the translation software, so why did you spend a year and three months inside archaeological ruin #9?” the black clothed man, Hong, looked at Luo Feng, “Did you discover some secret in this archaeological ruin #9?”. As the number one man on earth, he also received some technological inheritances from the ruins, so there are barely any things left that can pique his curiosity. Archaeological ruin #9 happens to be one of those things.

“Yes” nodded Luo Feng.

“What secrets, can you tell me?” the black clothed man, Hong, looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng knew in his heart that the reason why the bald crystal person took the initiative to delete all that information from his tactical communications watch was to prevent the people on earth from knowing them! Only members of ‘Yun Mo planet’ are allowed to know them.

“My brain vigor is higher, so I triggered a special death mission” said Luo Feng half truthfully.

“Death mission?”

The people on the seats were astonished. The black clothed man, Hong, continued asking: “Did you receive the same rewards as the other wargods? There must’ve been something different”

In the past, as long as they entered archaeological ruin #9 and succeeded, they all received a black god set.

“I did receive something extra”

“Not only did I get a black god set, I also got an instruction manual for spirit readers” said Luo Feng.

“Oh?” the black clothed man, Hong, was a bit disappointed.

He is a fighter! All of his energy is put into his training. As of now, according to what ‘Hong’ knows about the universe, even though he is at the ‘star traveller level six stage’, his true power is way higher than that. Many star level fighters don’t have their own domain.

With a domain, he is invincible in the star traveller level!

With such a high state in his fighter abilities, of course he won’t waste any more time on training spiritual force.



Inside archaeological ruin #9, in the dark brown maze.

The bald crystal person, whose entire body was shining, walked forward step by step.

“Luo Feng indeed didn’t say anything about what happened in the ruins”

The bald crystal person could barely feel a feeling that humans had, a sliver of ‘sadness’, as he sighed, “Master, it’s been 50,000 years. I haven’t been able to contact you for 50,000 years”. Even after 50,000 years, as an AI, it could only obey the core program and pick out wargods.


Chapter 192: Anger Surges, Intense Hatred Rises

The emperor level auto jet and the prehistoric level auto jet were both hovering in midair.

Luo Feng took out a black god set from the emperor level auto jet, got on his soaring shuttle, and then flew back into the prehistoric level auto jet.

“Head, the black god set” Luo Feng put it on the seat.

“Yeah” the black clothed man, Hong, slightly nodded his head.

However, in his mind, ‘Hong’, for once, didn’t know whether to laugh or to cry. Because the ‘AI’ of the auto jet he sold only has a simple AI that listens to Hong’s commands. Hong commanded that auto jet to listen to Luo Feng, so of course the fighter jet obeyed! If Luo Feng and Hong gave a command at the same time, then the auto jet would actually listen to the one with the highest authority, ‘Hong’.

After the news of Luo Feng’s death spread around.

Hong took back the auto jet and also took away the black god set! After knowing that Luo Feng came out, Hong hurriedly put the black god set back in!

Oh my gosh!

When has he, Hong, ever been so embarrassed before? Good thing nobody knows about this.

“Luo Feng, let’s split up here” said the black clothed man, Hong.

“Yes, head”

Without caring about anything else, he said goodbye to the two existences surpassing the wargod level, stepped on his soaring shuttle, and flew into his auto jet.

“#1, go home” commanded Luo Feng.

Whoosh!

The dark blue auto jet instantly accelerated to over mach 10 as it headed towards China’s Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Yang Zhou city.

The sky was gray, there was no sunlight. The cold breeze carried up a few fallen leaves.

There were quite a few children in Ming-Yue sector. The teenagers ignored the cold as they did some strength, agility, and blade exercises. Many people take the way of the fighter seriously in Ming-Yue sector. Around the teenagers were quite a few parents, and some of them were fighters that were guiding these teenagers.

“Look, a fighter jet”

“Oh? It’s dark blue, like wargod Luo Feng’s”

“It does look like it. It basically seems identical”

Quite a few people in the sector looked towards the sky with shock. The dark blue triangular fighter jet was currently descending. It landed on the lawn.

HUA!

The hatch opened. A youth wearing a casual black shirt who was carrying a gigantic backpack ran towards one of the villas. The various adults and children in the sector looking from afar were all stunned, stunned at the face of that youth!

“Luo Feng?”

“It’s Luo Feng? Is this a ghost, I thought the Dojo of Limits announced his death?”

“The dojo in our headquarter city even held a memorial”

Quite a few people were flabbergasted.

“Brother Chen, I’ll see you later” Luo Feng, who was still running, smiled towards the stunned Chen Gu.

“Luo, Luo, Luo…..” Chen Gu looked towards Luo Feng with shock as he pointed at Luo Feng. However, not a single phrase could leave his mouth.

In the memorial, the original fire hammer squad members were extremely, extremely sad.

And fuck, now he’s alive?

…..

Ming-Yue sector was definitely going to be in an uproar today. Jiang-Nan headquarter city was definitely going to be in an uproar today.

In Luo Feng’s home’s backyard.

Brother Luo Hua and mother Gong Xin Lan all stood there. Beside them were a few bodyguards and servants.

“Feng” yelled Gong Xin Lan.

“Mom” Luo Feng ran over. His mother was visibly much more older than she was a year ago.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to glance at Luo Hua as he said lowly: “What’s going on. How come you didn’t boil the thousand year black crow root into a medicine and give it to mom and dad?”. Luo Feng told his brother a long time ago that the he and his parents should drink the medicine made out of the thousand year black crow root. But Luo Hua and his parents said no rush….. they wanted to see if they could find other relatives first and then split it between all of them.

“Bro” Luo Hua shook his head, “I’ll tell you later”

“Where’s dad?” Luo Feng was confused.

After going missing for a year, with his dad’s temper, he should’ve came out by now.

“Your dad is in the room” Gong Xin Lan pulled his son’s hand as she headed towards the room.

In the quiet room, father Luo Hong Guo lay on the bed. When Luo Feng opened the door and went in, Luo Hong Guo’s eyes contained an excitement never experienced before. His son, that he thought was lost forever, is standing in front of him! Luo Hong Guo even wanted to get up from bed.

“Mr. Luo, you cannot move. Please watch your waist” the two nurses were shocked and then ran over.

“Dad, what happened to you?” Luo Feng’s face instantly changed.

He sat beside the bed and grasped his father’s hand. He started to frown deeply: “Dad, wait, your face is so pale. How come you can’t even get up?”

“No problem, the doctor said I just have to rest for about a year and a half” Luo Hong Guo let out a smile, a smile that came from the bottom of his heart, “If dad can see you, then it doesn’t matter how injured I am. I am really, really happy today. Really happy. Extremely happy” as he said that, a joyful tear started to appear in the corner of his eye.

Luo Feng nodded, but his heart was filled with a bit of anger and confusion.

Not right!

“Luo Hua, what is going on?” Luo Feng looked towards his brother.

“You two go out” Luo Hua waved his hand at the two nurses. The two nurses swiftly left, leaving the four members of the Luo family in the room.

Luo Hua looked at his brother: “Bro, I’m useless”

“Can’t blame your brother” father Luo Hong Guo stretched his arm from the bed to stop Luo Hua, “Feng, over this period of time, especially the three months after the Dojo of Limits announced your death, our family has never had peace. All sorts of methods were used to deal with us. They even used some of the residents in the sector…… your mom has had to consume sleeping pills every single day to be able to sleep”

Luo Hua’s face turned green as he clenched his fists, his gaze was as sharp as a blade!

“Luo Hua” Luo Feng looked towards his brother and said lowly, “Tell me”

“It’s Li Yao”

Luo Hua took in a deep breath, “Starting from three months ago, Li Yao has been using all sorts of methods to deal with our family via the HR alliance. Even though he didn’t dare to directly kill the family members of a fighter in the Dojo of Limits, but…… certain methods are even worse than death! I could only do everything in my power! I even used the ‘thousand year black crow root’ and contacted a major figure through bro’s friend, commander Li Da Wei, to transfer 120 billion worth of ICBC stocks to me. I became the eighth largest stockholder of ICBC, which gave me the authority to arrange members of the special forces to protect our family”

“But Li Yao never gave up his revenge”

“All sorts of methods against the mind, the body, no matter how underhanded they were….. he used everything” Luo Hua shook his head, “Now mom and dad can only stay at home. I have no other way. Last time, dad just crossed the sidewalk and ended up getting in a traffic accident. Luckily, he had bodyguards protecting him, or else he wouldn’t be alive anymore”

The more Luo Feng listened, the uglier his face became.

CHICHI!

The left hand he was holding the steel edge of the bed with became powder.

“He actually, actually…..” Luo Feng’s face turned green, “I CAN’T BELIEVE THIS LI YAO IS THIS SHAMELESS!!!”

It’s all his fault!

Ever since Li Yao hid in Europe like a turtle, he couldn’t be bothered to deal with him after he became famous. However, after the news of his death was confirmed, this Li Yao actually came to unleash his revenge on his family members right away. Luckily his family had the ‘family members of a fighter in the Dojo of Limits’ identity, so Li Yao couldn’t come and attack them himself.

If his brother was just a bit less capable, then……

“Bastard” Luo Feng’s body was shaking a bit.

Anger surges, intense hatred rises!

His killing intent couldn’t be controlled!

After a few minutes.

After comforting his parents, Luo Feng was in the training hall upstairs.

“I made a mistake once, but I won’t make the same mistake again!”

Luo Feng touched the ice cold, dense blade pieces of his soaring shuttle, his blade-like gaze caused one’s heart to go cold, “Li Yao, you think I’m too scared to touch you because you keep hiding in a headquarter city?”. There are indeed laws that ban people from killing each other in headquarter cities, and killing a wargod in a headquarter city is even more serious.

But…..

Luo Feng understood that the so called law was to keep the country in order. As of now, his true power can compare to someone at the ‘star traveller level one stage’. Once he seriously begins to study Soaring Skyand brings out the soaring shuttle’s true potential, he will become even more powerful.

More powerful than the average representative.

An existence surpassing the wargod level killing a wargod. That might anger some people, but the consequences won’t be too major, Luo Feng can still accept them.

“Beep”

Luo Feng looked towards the mini quantum computer and turned on the ‘Palace of Wargods Sharing System’. Back then, Li Yao and Venina used this system to track down Wang Tong and the other wargod’s position! The Palace of Wargods wanted wargods to use this system to help each other when they’re in trouble, so every wargod has this system installed. And today….. it is going to be used by Luo Feng to track down Li Yao!

“Oh, he’s still in Jiang-Nan headquarter city” the skylight above opened.

Whoosh!

Luo Feng, who was wearing black, stepped on the soaring shuttle and soared into the sky.

He flew along an arc as he charged towards the auto jet. HUALA, the hatch automatically opened.

“Golden silk net!” Luo Feng looked inside the cabin and his spiritual force, like a formless gigantic hand, directly grabbed the golden silk net. Luo Feng gazed towards the southwest, his gaze was like a blade, “LI YAO!”

Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s HR alliance building, 32nd floor.

Li Yao and Venina were currently talking to the manager of the HR alliance’s building.

“Still three more hours before the passenger plane takes off” Venina lowered her head and looked at her watch.

“Don’t panic” said Li Yao lightly, “What are you scared of?”

“That Luo Feng is going to be back” frowned Venina, “I said a long time ago that we should have just rode a plane back to Europe. Wouldn’t that solve everything?”

“A plane?” Li Yao shook his head, “That plane worth only about ten billion? If we fly a short distance around the headquarter city, then there would be no problem. But for long distances, there are many flying monsters around uninhabited areas, like the land and sea in the wilderness! Once an accident happens–”

Only ‘passenger airplanes’ are able to travel over long distances, or auto jets, or extremely advanced and expensive ‘disc shaped fighter jets’ that are priced at around 50 billion.

“Furthermore, this is a headquarter city, and you’re still scared that Luo Feng will mess around?” sneered Li Yao.

“Hm?” Li Yao froze as he looked outside the french window.

“Look outside?” Mr. Zhu was shocked.

What could be seen was a black image in midair with his foot on the soaring shuttle as he charged towards this window like a bolt of black lightning!

“It’s Luo Feng!” exclaimed Venina.

“LUO FENG!” Li Yao’s entire body was instantly protected by the black membrane as it formed into a black battle uniform and a black helmet. Only his two eyes were revealed.

BOOM!

The glass was smashed apart!

“LUO FENG YOU DARE–” Li Yao roared as he smashed towards the window to his side and directly leaped into midair outside.

From Li Yao’s perspective, the area outside could be easily captured by all sorts of surveillance cameras, so Luo Feng wouldn’t dare to mess around.

“Hmph” Luo Feng swiftly passed through.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Flowing light after flowing light instantly shot out. A full 16 flowing lights, like 16 roaring dragons, caused powerful sonic booms that shattered the entire floor of the elegant lobby. Even Mr. Zhu was blown off to the side. Luo Feng only stared at Li Yao, his eyes seemed to be burning with fire.

The 16 flowing lights followed an arc. They were so fast that Li Yao had no chance to dodge, and they all simultaneously smashed into Li Yao’s body.

“Hmph, throwing knives?” a bit of disdain crossed through Li Yao’s eyes.

“BOOM!”

The incredible destructive force instantly carried through the black god set. Even though it was weakened by 90%, the incredible impact force was still alarmingly large. Each throwing knife had an impact force of over 500,000, so 16 throwing knives combined to a total of over 8,000,000 kg! Even after 90% of it is taken off, there’s still over 800,000 kg of impact force left!

Which is to say, Li Yao, with nothing to protect him, has to handle over 800,000 kg of impact force with his bare body!

Back when Luo Feng was inside archaeological ruin #9, he relied on his shield to dissipate the large impact force of nearly 1,000,000 kg from the mysterious black robed man’s attack. Even so, his arm still broke! Just his shield was able to dissipate half of the force, and his broken arm also took away quite a bit of it. The actual force that hit Luo Feng was 300,000 to 400,000 kg, but that still made Luo Feng spit out blood in pain.

And Li Yao, has to deal with an impact force that exceeds 800,000 kg!

Usually, Li Yao would be killed!

But luckily, the ‘black god set’ spread the force of impact to every location of his body. And his fitness level is at the peak of the advanced level wargod level, which was quite a bit more powerful than Luo Feng’s fitness level when he first entered archaeological ruin #9!

“PU!”

“PU!”

“PU~~~”

Li Yao’s face became flushed red as fresh blood sprayed out of his mouth like a fountain. Just from this horrifying impact force, just this one time! Caused Li Yao to lose most of his battle power.

“Impossible, impossible!” Li Yao roared in his heart, “I am at the peak of the wargod level and I have a black god set! Even ‘representatives’ surpassing the wargod level can only damage me in one hit. Barely any representatives are able to kill me in one hit. But Luo Feng, he….. could it be, that he made a breakthrough and is now an existence surpassing the wargod level?”

Wargods all knew that advanced level wargods with ‘black god sets’ cannot be killed by wargods. Even representatives would have trouble killing them in one hit.

…..

There were many pedestrians below on the plaza of the HR alliance building. Quite a few tourists were even taking photos for memories in the plaza.

“RUMBLE~~”

As if a cannonball fiercely smashed into the plaza, the stone pavement of the plaza instantly blew up. The surrounding patrolling soldiers were shocked and were panicking. The tourists in the plaza taking photos from afar were also shocked as they started screaming. Some of the flying rock even smashed into people. Pedestrians also panicked as they screamed and a few rocks even flew onto the street.

Many cars on the street abruptly stopped, causing a traffic jam. Quite a few drivers angrily honked their horns.

“Holy!” many passersby stared at the plaza.

What they saw was a youth in casual black attire on his soaring shuttle as he amazingly hovered in midair. From the hole in the plaza came flying out a man who was covered in black.

The gaze of the youth on the soaring shuttle was ice cold as he waved his hand!

The golden silk net that was focused into a ball in his left hand instantly struck Li Yao in an instant like lightning. It then automatically spread out and trapped him, as if he was a pig waiting to be slaughtered.


Chapter 193: Luo Feng, Death Penalty!

The rock pavement of the plaza shattered and rocks flew everywhere.

“Golden silk net!”

When the golden silk net came towards him, Li Yao, who was already getting beat up like a dog, dramatically changed his expression and fiercely roared: “OPEN!”. What could be seen was Li Yao’s black arms ferociously expanding, expanding to a length of three to four meters long. They tried to grab the two ends of the golden silk net and burst it open.

“CHI!” At the instant the golden silk net trapped Li Yao, as if there were a pair of hands tying up the ends, the eight openings of the golden silk net were swiftly sealed.

And Li Yao also instantly attacked with a force of over 1,000,000 kg!

CHICHI~~

Even though the golden silk net was tight, Li Yao still wasn’t able to break it open. Since he has already been completely tied up, how can he escape? This is what the emperor level monster, the ‘black widow spider king’, uses to trap emperor level monsters. Even emperor level monsters have to try super hard to break out of it, so how can Li Yao break it?

“Not good!” Li Yao, who couldn’t escape, saw out of the corner of his eye Luo Feng’s eyes that were filled with intense killing intent as he stood on his soaring shuttle. He also saw 16 flowing lights!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

16 flowing lights, like 16 roaring dragons, directly flew towards Li Yao!

“I CAN’T DIE!” roared Li Yao in his heart.

“Chi!” “Chi!” Li Yao, who was stuck, instantly decided to do something in this crucial moment. His black legs started to extend and become longer and thinner. They became half of their original width. Those skinny black legs were able to slip through the holes in the golden silk net and step on the ground of the plaza.

Li Yao now had two long black skinny legs that were two meters long!

BOOM!

The 16 flowing lights yet again smashed into Li Yao, “AHHHHH!!!” Li Yao clenched his teeth and his eyes became blood red, “I CAN’T DIE, I CAN’T DIE!!!”. When that horrifying impact force of over 8,000,000 kg smashed into him, even though the black god set cancelled out most of it, Li Yao couldn’t help but to crazily spit out blood. He felt like all of his organs were going to rip apart. However, his powerful will helped him hold on.

Whoosh!

Using the powerful impact force of the 16 blade pieces, Li Yao’s black skinny legs started running! He was already fast enough, and with the impact force of the 16 blade pieces, he flew out like a black shooting star, smashing sculptures on the plaza into pieces in the process. Those black skinny legs then suddenly changed direction as they charged towards the crowds on the streets.

“Not dead yet?” Luo Feng’s gaze became cold as he stood on his soaring shuttle.

“Crazy, Luo Feng is crazy, I can’t believe he’s trying to hunt me down in a public area like the HR alliance plaza! Crazy, he doesn’t want to live anymore. As long as! As long as I can grab a bunch of ordinary people to become my ‘shield’, I still have a chance to live” Li Yao crazily charged towards the street with his two long skinny legs formed by the black god set.

There were tons of people on the streets, and many people stuck in the traffic jam got off their cars. Over ten million people were staring and each of them seemed to be quite excited!

The process where Luo Feng was chasing after Li Yao was as fast as lightning.

Before most people even reacted, Li Yao was already charging towards them!

“AH!”

“WHAT IS THAT THING?”

Li Yao, who was completely black and had two long skinny legs that were two meters long, indeed seemed so peculiar that he was horrifying. The way he charged towards the crowd like lightning caused many people to panic. And at this time….. Luo Feng, who was on his soaring shuttle, instantly reached a speed of over 1,300 m/s! He brought a horrifying sonic boom with him as he directly landed in front of Li Yao.

“You can’t escape” Luo Feng stood in front of Li Yao, his 16 blade pieces hovering beside him as he coldly looked at Li Yao.

“LUO FENG, YOU CAN’T KILL ME!” roared Li Yao as fresh blood continuously flowed out of the side of his mouth. Luo Feng’s two attacks greatly injured Li Yao. The only reason he was able to sprint was because of his will to live on.

Luo Feng gave an ice cold smile.

Suddenly, Luo Feng’s expression slightly changed. A blond haired girl in the packed crowd on the streets filled with people and cars raised a tiny controller in her hand towards Luo Feng. She revealed a weird smile: “Luo Feng, let go of my husband!”

“Venina?” Luo Feng slightly frowned.

With a thought, the golden silk net hovered, making Li Yao look like a pig waiting to be slaughtered as he was hovering in midair, unable to escape! And Li Yao couldn’t use the ground to help him in the air!

“VENINA!” yelled Li Yao in the golden silk net.

“Why should I let go of your husband?” Luo Feng looked at Venina calmly. Instinct told Luo Feng that directly killing Li Yao could leave to grave consequences.

Luo Feng has always ignored the Venina in front of him.

Because in Luo Feng’s heart, Li Yao was the one doing everything behind the scenes. But Luo Feng didn’t know that– Venina was the one who sent out the astronomical bounty! The ‘laser cannon’ used to hunt down Luo Feng in the continent of Australia was also something Venina got! And even the idea of destroying Luo Feng’s family, was suggested by Venina!

Li Yao is nicknamed vulture, because many people who know him use this nickname to show his violence.

And Venina is nicknamed scorpion, because she is poisonously cruel! Dogs that bite don’t bark. Luo Feng didn’t know that….. the truly cruel one in this couple that is always scheming is this woman.

Venina looked at Luo Feng while she stood in the crowd.

“Luo Feng” Venina held the small controller, “In the villa sector beside the HR alliance and on this street, I’ve planted T111 bombs! If I press this button…..” the surrounding crowd went into an uproar in an instant. Many people were screaming and running around in every direction.

“then boom, tens of thousands of people in this sector will lose their lives” Venina’s voice sounded like a demon from hell as it reverberated around every surrounding person’s ears.

Fear!

Panic!

And Luo Feng focused his eyes and stared at this woman in front of him.

“Cruel enough” said Luo Feng lightly.

“If you want to kill my husband, then, let’s just all die together” Venina’s voice was soft. However, Venina had no other choice. She and her husband have antagonized too many people back then. Thankfully, Li Yao risked his life and managed to receive a black god set after entering archaeological ruin #9. After that, the couple was able to live a peaceful life.

If her shield, Li Yao, dies, then Venina’s life will be ruined!

“Everyone stop!”

“Stop!”

“Put down your weapons”

The army stationed near the HR alliance’s building swiftly rushed over. A few agents of the country’s special forces also swiftly came. The one leading them was a middle-aged man wearing a traditional chinese robe. The middle-aged man cursed in his heart: “Fucking shit, three advanced level wargods fighting together. If they want to fight, then fight, but they even dragged in regular people. Now tens of thousands of people could die at any time!”

The power of the T111 bomb is extremely powerful.

“You all”

“Wargod Luo Feng, Madam Venina, let’s talk this out peacefully” the middle-aged man squeezed out a smile, afraid of angering any of the two parties.

He has more authority, but the people in front of him are advanced level wargods!

“I would suggest you guys not to search for the T111 bomb” Venina glanced at the middle-aged man, “I placed it in a position that is extremely hard to locate. Even if you can find them, you should know how hard it is to defuse this bomb! Once you begin to defuse it, I will know instantly and will directly press the button”

The middle-aged man in the traditional chinese robe broke out in a cold sweat!

He hates messing with figures like these with both power and authority. An advanced level wargod and the director of the HR alliance in China, messing with such a figure would lead to grave consequences.

“Luo Feng” Venina stared at Luo Feng.

“Either my husband and I and tens of thousands of innocent Chinese civilians die together” Venina’s voice echoed around Luo Feng’s ear, “Or, you let go of my husband and nothing happens to anyone! The choice, lies in your hands!”

Luo Feng was expressionless, but his gaze became colder and colder.

“Wargod Luo Feng!”

“Madam Venina” the middle-aged man in the traditional Chinese robe started to panic a bit, but he thought to himself, “Why isn’t Mr. Lan here yet?”

Whoosh!

The temperature of the shattered HR alliance plaza started to drop. It was already winter, and now the temperature dropped below 0. The fountain instantly froze, and the air started to become chilly. A middle-aged man with slightly green hair flew down from the sky.

“Representative Lan” Venina, Li Yao, and Luo Feng recognized the person who came.

“Hmph, even if you guys have a grudge, don’t drag in regular people” as if he has been frozen for a thousand years, representative Lan’s gaze caused one to shiver.

“Representative Lan” Venina shook her head, “I had no choice. This Luo Feng wanted to kill my husband inside a headquarter city, so I had no other choice! I am not his opponent, so this is the only path I can take. If my husband is going to die, then let those tens of thousands of innocent civilians die with him. Furthermore, the choice lies within Luo Feng’s hands. If he lets go of my husband, everyone is happy”

There are 52 representatives on earth.

There are over 10 ‘existences surpassing the wargod level’ of Chinese descent. Even though only three or four of them are completely loyal to the country, quite a few of them still live in seclusion in the country. They would occasionally help the army and the country, or the HR alliance…… anyways, they can help whoever they want to and still live in seclusion peacefully.

‘Ice Blade’ Lan Ran is one of the representatives living in seclusion in Jiang-Nan headquarter city.

Only when a major event occurs will Lan Ran show up.

And this time, Lan Ran has to intervene.

“Luo Feng”

Representative Lan hovered beside Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, you should know the laws of the country and the rules of the Palace of Wargods!”

“Quite a few rules in the Palace of Wargods are absolute. Nobody is allowed to infringe upon them”

“Killing the family members of someone in the Dojo is one rule!”

“Openly killing a fighter in a headquarter city, is also one rule!”

“Wargods are not allowed to fight each other in a headquarter city, is also one rule!”

Representative Lan said lowly: “Powerful wargod fighters are the wealth of humanity! Each one of them is important”

“And the fact that you dared to openly hunt down a fighter in the plaza of the HR alliance while over ten million people are watching means you deserve the death penalty! But the wargod you want to kill is part of the Palace of Wargods! So your crime is even worse! Even if you kill him, you still get the death penalty! The laws are set by the five chairmen. Are you really going to give up your life for Li Yao’s? And also kill tens of thousands of innocent Chinese in the process? Some of them are teenagers that are still growing, and some of them are just naive babies. Is it worth it?” representative Lan stared at Luo Feng.


Chapter 194: Representative Luo Feng

Many fighters in the HR alliance building watched through the window. The soldiers surrounding the plaza also watched Luo Feng! With Luo Feng’s speed on the soaring shuttle, even representative Lan cannot save Li Yao from his hands.

The choice is in Luo Feng’s hands!

“Yes, it isn’t worth it” Luo Feng’s expression was calm.

PA!

The golden silk net dropped from midair and untied itself, releasing Li Yao who was so heavily injured that he wasn’t far from death! The golden silk net quickly shrunk into a ball and flew towards Luo Feng. Luo Feng extended his arm to grab the ball and then glanced at Li Yao. After that, he glanced at Venina in the distance and couldn’t help but to sneer: “Venina, I admit I underestimated you”

Whoosh! With his foot on the soaring shuttle, Luo Feng turned his head and transformed into a flowing light as he flew away.

“Phew” the soldiers in the surrounding squadrons let out a sigh of relief. They knew that there were T111 bombs on the street. With the power of the T111 bombs, they would be affected too since they were on the plaza.

“Averted this crisis” the middle-aged man in the traditional Chinese robe secretly let out a sigh of relief.

“Phew!” Venina also let out a sigh of relief.

Venina ran to her husband Li Yao and supported him: “Are you okay?”

“Yeah, I’m not dead” Li Yao looked towards the direction where Luo Feng left, his face extremely pale.

While on the soaring shuttle, Luo Feng was moving at over 1,000 m/s. With this alarming speed, he flew out of the main city sector and entered the food storage sector between the main city sector and the surrounding cities.

A headquarter city is split into a main city sector and eight large cities!

Why would they split up a perfectly fine headquarter city?

Because, the large amounts of land between the main city sector and the eight large cities are used to produce food for the humans in the headquarter city.

“I underestimated Venina!”

“If I got rid of Venina from the start, none of this would’ve happened” Luo Feng was as fast as lightning on his soaring shuttle as he flew past field after field, “However, thankfully representative Lan’s words reminded me of, yes, the rules of the Palace of Wargods! Since I can’t kill Li Yao myself, I’ll use the rules of the Palace of Wargods to kill them! In the end, it’s the same thing”

He was stuck in the same place for a year and three months.

And right when he came out, he saw his father injured and lying on a bed. The resulting anger blinded Luo Feng. As his anger filled his entire chest, he directly went to kill Li Yao without thinking about anything else!

Yes.

A wargod that kills another wargod in public in a headquarter city will receive the death penalty! Representative Lan is correct. However, he, Luo Feng, can just completely reveal his strength….. as of now, he can completely compare to an ‘existence surpassing the wargod level’. A representative who kills a wargod out of anger for the sake of his family’s safety.

Will at most receive a punishment like sitting in jail for a few years.

Wargods and representatives have completely different amounts of authority.

If a chairman kills a wargod, there won’t even be a punishment! If the first chairman, ‘Hong’, kills a representative or chairman, nobody would dare to call for Hong’s punishment!

“Li Yao and Venina, the importance of your lives don’t even come close to the importance of the lives of those tens of thousands of civilians”

“Well, this is good too”

“I don’t have to risk sitting in jail for a few years to kill Li Yao” because of the words ‘Palace of Wargod rules’, Luo Feng was swiftly thinking of a plan! A plan that results of the death of Li Yao and Venina!

“First, I need to make sure everyone knows my strength, know that I have strength comparable to an ‘existence surpassing the wargod level’!

“After that…..”

Ming-Yue sector.

“Luo Hua” Luo Feng walked to his brother’s room. Luo Hua, who was sitting in front of a computer, turned his head and had a look of confusion on his face. Luo Feng said directly, “Which special forces sector did you ask last time to protect dad and mom? Contact them and tell their director to come to our home”

“Okay”

Even though Luo Hua was confused, he immediately made the call.

Within a minute, a disc shaped fighter jet landed in Ming-Yue sector. Three directors of the country’s special forces arrived at the living room of Luo Feng’s home.

“Hello, Mr. Luo Feng, we have met before” smiled the old man with white hair.

“Sector leader Liu Yan” smiled Luo Feng, “Director of sector 9”

“Haha, Mr. Luo Feng sure has good memory” after shaking hands, the old man Liu Yan said, “I wonder what kind of business Luo Feng has after finding us in such a rush?”

“It’s like this”

Luo Feng’s expression became serious, “For a while, Li Yao and Venina used all sorts of tricks to deal with my family, and my brother requested for your help back then”

“Yes, such a thing has happened” the old man Liu Yan nodded.

“You guys should have enough evidence to prove that it was Li Yao and Venina that were behind these schemes right” asked Luo Feng

Liu Yan smiled: “This is Jiang-Nan headquarter city, territory of China. Most of their actions are within our surveillance. We indeed do have enough evidence to prove– that Li Yao and Venina are the masterminds behind the actions used against your family!”. Liu Yan leaned towards Luo Feng’s side without hesitation.

“Very good, I need you guys to supply me with sufficient evidence” said Luo Feng seriously.

“No problem, the evidence will definitely be absolute. You have to believe that in our territory, we have absolute control” smiled Liu Yan.

The reason why Liu Yan is being so cooperative! Is because he received a phone call when he was flying over on his disc shaped fighter jet: “Old Liu, that Luo Feng has the strength of an existence surpassing the wargod level!”

…..

China, Kyoto headquarter city.

In an elegant lobby were the leaders with the highest level of authority in China, the highest ranking military personnel, and even an existence surpassing the wargod level–a middle-aged man wearing leather clothing of the previous century’s style. All of these people are major figures that can shake the country of China.

A display was projected onto the wall of the lobby as it played a video.

Everyone was watching.

“Yes” the middle-aged man in the old leather clothing nodded, “Look, this Luo Feng is controlling 16 small weapons. With Li Yao’s advanced level wargod level fitness level and the ‘black god set’, a huge amount of force is required to make him spit out so much blood in midair with just one attack. And in two attacks, Li Yao was rendered defenseless! The amount of impact force is definitely greater than 6,000,000 kg!”

“And, Luo Feng was originally a spirit reader at the peak of the advanced level wargod level. A spirit reader at this level can usually control things like throwing knives with a limit of 520,000–560,000 kg of impact force.

“Luo Feng is controlling 16, and he clearly won’t control more than he can just for the looks. 16 throwing knives would result in an impact force ranging from 8,000,000–9,000,000 kg”

“Luo Feng’s strength, has definitely reached the level of an ‘existence surpassing the wargod level’” after saying that, the middle-aged man took out a pack of cigarettes from his pocket, lit one up, and started smoking.

Smoke emanated within the lobby.

Within this lobby were the top people of China, but none of them would call this person an ‘old guy’. He seems to be around 40 years old, but he’s actually almost 80.

“I can’t believe our country of China has yet again gained another existence surpassing the wargod level”

“I suggest we contact Luo Feng immediately”

This news was indeed first grasped by the country of China. However, the incident at the HR alliance’s plaza was huge, so how could it be hidden from everyone else? The Dojo of Limits and the Thunder Dojo just had to give a phone call to the Chinese government to immediately receive the most accurate recording. All 360 degrees of the scene were clearly recorded. You could even clearly see Luo Feng, Lan Ran, and everyone else’s faces.

The Dojo of Limits, the Thunder Dojo, and even the HR alliance swiftly received the news.

From the video, with each organization’s capability, Luo Feng’s strength was easily estimated: 16 throwing knives with a total impact force of 8,000,000–9,000,000 kg! These numbers shocked everyone.

A regular advanced level wargod level can only unleash an attack with 800,000 to 900,000 kg of impact force!

Luo Feng’s power is 10 times that!

Definitely comparable to an attack from someone at the ‘star traveller level one stage’!

…..

When the powerful fighters of the Thunder Dojo received this piece of news, they got so angry that they started yelling swears. They were raging about the Dojo of Limits’ bullshit luck! They actually got yet another ‘powerful representative fighter’. And when the HR alliance received this piece of news, they swiftly prepared a strategy pertaining to the matter of Luo Feng, Li Yao, and Venina’s conflict.

Ming-Yue sector seemed calm, but tons of things were actually secretly happening.

“Mr. Luo Feng” Liu Yan pointed at the laptop, “The evidence is currently transferring. After 10 seconds, all sorts of documents, videos, etc. will finish transferring”

Luo Feng stared at the laptop that Liu Yan personally brought.

Even with Liu Yan’s identity, he doesn’t have enough authority to bring around all those classified documents with him.

“Transfer complete” smiled Liu Yan.

“Good. Thank you, old Liu” Luo Feng felt much more relaxed.

While Luo Feng was still in the HR alliance’s plaza, he instantly thought of a simple plan. The plan had three main steps–

1. Get enough evidence to prove that the masterminds behind the attacks on his family are Li Yao and Venina.

2. Broadcast his strength and become a representative!

3. Use his identity as a representative to sue Li Yao and Venina through the ‘Palace of Wargods’.

Suddenly–

His cell phone started ringing. Luo Feng took out his cell phone: “Hello”

“Luo Feng, it’s me, Liu He” a gentle voice carried over.

“Investigator Liu” smiled Luo Feng.

“Haha, still calling me investigator. Luo Feng oh Luo Feng. You sure hid your strength well. When the head personally headed over to the amazon rainforest to pick you up, you didn’t even speak about your strength! And now, the head and the rest of us have already seen the video where you publicly heavily injured Li Yao in Jiang-Nan headquarter city” laughed Liu He, “The head said right then that your strength has reached the level of a representative!”

Luo Feng froze.

He was planning on taking the initiative to broadcast his strength, but who would’ve thought that the Dojo of Limits already knew about his strength before he started.

Well, it’s good if they know!

Once he sues Li Yao and Venina, they will definitely not get off lightly thanks to the sufficient evidence he has. A wargod that dared to attack a representative’s family, would such a person be let off lightly? A wargod attacking another wargod already results in a huge punishment! Sometimes even the death penalty! And to attack a representative’s family undisputably results in the death penalty!

“From now on, you are also an existence surpassing the wargod level” Liu He’s voice was filled with joy, “Soon enough, our Dojo of Limits will publicly announce a day to the entire world where the head will personally grant you the title of investigator! You will be the sixth investigator of our Dojo of Limits!”

“Luo Feng, in the future, people will have to call you representative Luo Feng and investigator Luo Feng!” Liu He started laughing loudly.


Chapter 195: Arrest

The sixth investigator of the Dojo of Limits! Even though he has been prepared for this, it would be a lie to say he wasn’t excited!

But now, he has more important things to deal with now–to make Li Yao and Venina die!

“Old Liu” Luo Feng held his cell phone and waved his hand towards Liu Yan.

“I’ll be going out first”

Liu Yan took the laptop with him as he left Luo Feng’s room. Luo Feng was the only one left.

“There were other people in your room?” laughed Liu He.

Luo Feng walked towards his window: “Yeah, one of the directors of the Chinese special forces sectors. I asked him for some concrete evidence just now! I’m preparing to go through the ‘Palace of Wargods’ to sue Li Yao and Venina and prove that they are the masterminds behind the plots to kill my parents. Liu He, what would the final verdict be for those two?”

“Oh? The Vulture Scorpion couple dared to move against a fighter’s family?” Liu He was shocked.

“Yeah, otherwise I wouldn’t go out of control and chase them down in public” nodded Luo Feng.

“No wonder!”

“These two are too cocky” Liu He’s voice that carried from the phone was filled with anger, “Attacking a fighter’s family has always been strictly forbidden!”

“Liu He, what do you think the final verdict will be?” followed Luo Feng.

“The death penalty. No doubt about it, the death penalty! And a death penalty where it is executed immediately!”

Liu He said with anger, “Luo Feng, don’t worry. Your identity is different now. The Palace of Wargods will immediately raise your identity to ‘representative’. As a representative, you have a completely different amount of authority. Since the Vulture Scorpion couple were the ones pulling the strings to attack a representative’s parents, they will definitely receive a huge penalty!”

“Luo Feng, keep in mind that the Palace of Wargods committee is formed of 52 representatives and 5 chairmen”

“The committee decides the result. Harming the family members of a representative is forbidden! This is equivalent to challenging every single representative, so the representatives must decide to sentence them heavily. Only this way can they set an example for everyone else” said Liu He, “This is an unspoken rule. If something challenges the ‘position, authority, etc.’ of all the representatives, all the representatives will come together to give their punishment”

“So, as long as there is enough evidence, there is only one outcome for the Vulture Scorpion couple–capital punishment, immediately enacted!” Liu He said all of this in practically a single breath, which clearly showed how angry he was.

Luo Feng secretly let out a sigh of relief.

Just like he thought. Actually….. when he attacked the Vulture Scorpion couple, Luo Feng wasn’t a ‘representative’ or ‘investigator’ yet. However! The verdict the Vulture Scorpion couple will receive immediately changed precisely because of the change in Luo Feng’s identity.

In the room, there were a bunch of documents and videos displayed on the laptop.

Luo Feng read through them carefully.

“Hmph”

“Such disgraceful and underhanded tactics” Luo Feng’s face turned really bad as he read through the large amounts of documents and videos. All the tactics and tricks Li Yao and Venina used from the beginning to end were all crystal clear! Luo Feng was also scared. If his brother was just a bit less capable, his parents would definitely be ruined.

Thankfully, his brother was straightforward enough to directly rely on the ‘thousand year black crow root’ to become the eighth largest stockholder of ICBC.

Keep in mind that in the headquarter city age, buying a huge amount of stocks of the largest bank in China, ICBC, is basically impossible. Huge organizations usually wouldn’t be willing to! Even if you have money, you can’t buy them. Only with something like the ‘thousand year black crow root’, which is also something that cannot be purchased with money, can you exchange for them.

“All of this evidence is more than enough”

“Even if I supply only a tenth of this, it would be enough to prove their guilt”

Luo Feng immediately closed the video files, word documents, etc.

He zipped the evidence up and then entered his personal webpage as he transferred them over to the ‘Palace of Wargods’. In the mail he sent, he wrote the names of the people he’s suing, their crimes, etc.

In just three minutes.

His cell phone’s ring tone rang and Luo Feng picked up his phone.

“Hello, representative Luo Feng” a gentle voice rang, “We just received your mail. May I ask if representative Luo Feng himself wants to sue Li Yao and Venina Paulinus?”

“Yes!” Luo Feng nodded.

“Alright. When we determine the time and location of the court session, we will notify representative Luo Feng”

After confirming via phone, a few members of the Palace of Wargods started organizing this.

There were indeed many documents. It took Luo Feng around two hours to read through all of them. By the time this news carried to the ears of the head of the ‘Dojo of Limits’, Hong, it was already midnight.

Dojo of Limits world headquarters, in the gigantic spaceship-like structure.

In a quiet room.

The black clothed man, Hong, was currently holding a cup of hot tea as he surfed through some information on the internet.

“Master!”

A low voice reverberated around the quiet room, “Representative Luo Feng has provided evidence that Li Yao and Venina Paulinus are the masterminds behind the actions to kill his parents”

“Is the evidence sufficient?” the black clothed man, Hong, slightly frowned.

“The evidence is sufficient” responded the voice.

The black clothed man, Hong, slightly nodded: “Notify the three best lawyers in our Dojo of Limits and tell them to accept this case! Also….. arrange for star traveller level fighters to personally arrest Li Yao and Venina. As of 15:30 tomorrow afternoon, we will hold the court session in our headquarters”

“Luo Feng is about to openly become the investigator of our Dojo of Limits! I want this case to be executed beautifully” commanded the black clothed man, Hong.

“Yes”

After the low voice said this word, the quiet room returned to silence.



Ming-Yue sector, night time. All the lights in the homes were lit up.

Luo Feng stood on the balcony as he gazed the infinite starry night.

“Hm?” his cell phone rang.

Luo Feng took out his cell phone and saw that it was a call from Xu Xin. He accepted the call: “Hello”

“How come you didn’t come pick me up?” asked Xu Xin.

“Sorry, I’ve been busy dealing with some stuff. I just finished. How about I go to Kyoto headquarter city now?” Luo Feng felt a bit guilty, since he devoted all his time into the case of his parents since he got back and didn’t even think about picking Xu Xin up.

“I’m here, in front of Ming-Yue sector”

PA! The phone call ended.

Luo Feng slightly froze. Xu Xin already rushed to his home from Kyoto headquarter city?

“I’m such a bastard” Luo Feng cursed himself in his mind and then directly leaped off the balcony. As if a mirage crossed the sky, Luo Feng leaped across a distance of 100 meters with the help of his spiritual force before landing. After a few leaps, he was 30 meters away from Ming-Yue sector’s main gate.

With a glance, Luo Feng saw…..

A slightly skinny young girl silently standing in front of the sector’s gate under the dim light from the streetlights. This scene caused Luo Feng’s heart to ache a bit.

After becoming his girlfriend, not only did Xu Xin not receive anything good, she had to go through some bitter times instead! Ever since he came back….. he hasn’t been able to be with her and made her come all the way over here from a few thousand kilometers away.

…..

Xu Xin looked inside the sector through the gate and couldn’t help but to shiver a bit.

It was winter right now, and nighttime!

Even though Kyoto headquarter city was also cold, the air there was dry while the air in Jiang-Nan headquarter city is humid! And after Xu Xin received Luo Feng’s phone call, she quickly got on the earliest train to Yang Zhou city without remembering that Jiang-Nan headquarter city is colder than Kyoto headquarter city.

“Xu Xin” a voice rang beside Xu Xin.

Xu Xin froze and then turned to look beside her. That familiar image, her first boyfriend. This past year, and especially the past three months, Xu Xin spent every day in sadness. “Luo Feng!” Xu Xin’s voice was a bit hoarse and couldn’t help but to cry after saying that. She directly hugged Luo Feng, tightly hugged him!

“Sorry, I’m really sorry” Luo Feng hugged Xu Xin and felt her tears go through his clothes.

Under the dim light and the cold wind of winter……

Luo Feng and Xu Xin finally meet each other after a year and three months.

Compared to Luo Feng and Xu Xin’s feelings, which were filled with a bit of sadness but also the joy of reunion! Li Yao and Venina’s feelings, even though they were together, were in disarray.

On the passenger plane headed to Paris headquarter city from Jiang-Nan headquarter city.

Li Yao and Venina grasped each other’s hands.

“Now we’re in big trouble” Venina glanced at the surrounding passengers and then lowered her voice, “He became a representative! In the future, if he wants to deal with us, then…..”

“Don’t worry”

Li Yao lowered his voice, “We only had to wait for two or three hours for the passenger plane in Jiang-Nan headquarter city, and he didn’t come find us within that time span! After we return to Paris headquarter city, we will be in our territory. My senior and our HR alliance’s representatives are there, so everything will be fine, everything will definitely be fine”

Who knows whether he was comforting Venina or comforting himself.

“How could this happen, how could he become a representative!” Venina started clenching her teeth a bit.

A fierce light lit up in Li Yao’s eyes.

Damn!

“Endure, endure, we can only endure” Li Yao kept his voice down as his sentence came out one word at a time.

The passenger plane finally arrived in Paris, Europe.

Paris was a bit dark as of now, but the sky wasn’t completely dark.

Paris headquarter city’s airport. The passenger plane slowly landed. After stopping, the hatch automatically opened and a staircase extended outwards.

The passengers came off.

“Back”

“Finally back in Paris” Venina let out a smile. Li Yao also let out a rare smile. This is the first time he smiled since he learned that Luo Feng became a ‘representative’.

The Vulture Scorpion couple were mixed in the crowd as they walked down the staircase.

“Li Yao, Venina!” a sound rang.

The Vulture Scorpion couple was shocked as they turned their head. What they saw were four people walking over. One of the two people leading in front was a middle-aged man with brown curly hair wearing a black robe. His lightning-like gaze caused fear. And the one beside him was a man whose white, long hair was spread out. He seemed like a dead piece of wood.

“Representative Yan, Representative Bonnett” Venina was surprised.

“Senior” Li Yao looked towards that old man.

That old man ‘Yan Hai’ was indeed the one who had deep ties with Li Yao.

Representative Bonnett’s gaze was ice cold as he looked at Venina and Li Yao and then said lightly: “We represent the Palace of Wargods to officially arrest you two. If there is any resistance, we have the right to kill you two”

Li Yao and Venina’s eyes widened. They thought they were safe in their territory, but who would’ve thought that this would happen right when they came back.

“SENIOR!!!” Li Yao quickly looked at Yan Hai.

Yan Hai sighed: “Little vulture, this is the highest command of the Palace of Wargods. Nobody can help you. You….. were too reckless, too reckless! Go, if you don’t resist you might have a chance to live”. If you resist the arrest of the Palace of Wargods, you are opposing the entire Palace of Wargods.

The Palace of Wargods is a power that has all the wargods and existences surpassing the wargod level gathered together.

Resist?

Want to die?

“CLICK!”

Special handcuffs were put on Venina and Li Yao. Both of them were a bit dumbfounded, but didn’t resist at all.

“Senior, senior” Li Yao looked at Yan Hai. Yan Hai sighed and said nothing.

“Take them away” representative Bonnett coldly gave his command.


Chapter 196: The Way to Reach the Star Traveller Level

That night, Li Yao and Venina panicked while they were arrested. They were directly sent off to the Dojo of Limits world headquarters on that same night.

Meanwhile, Luo Feng and Xu Xin were snuggling together while they talked about what happened over the past year.

“Sleeping here tonight?” Luo Feng hugged Xu Xin as he smiled.

“You wish”

Xu Xin said in a displeased tone. After that, she looked at the time on her watch, “It’s already 12, Luo Feng, send me back”

“Okay” smiled Luo Feng. The two of them chatted for such a long time, so they have calmed down quite a bit.

They rode the auto jet and left Yang Zhou city’s Ming-Yue sector and headed towards the Xu family’s place in the main city sector. In just a few minutes, the auto jet arrived at the skies of the Xu family’s home.

Inside the auto jet that was in the sky.

“Luo Feng, I need you to promise me that, whenever you do something dangerous in the future, you have to tell me first” Xu Xin stared at Luo Feng, “I won’t stop your work or your goals! But, I need to know about your situation…..”

“Xu Xin” Luo Feng nodded, “Okay. I will tell you in the future. In the past, I just didn’t want you to worry”

“I am willing to worry about you”

“I want to worry about you!” Xu Xin stared at Luo Feng, “But what I am most afraid of, is you not telling me anything!”

Luo Feng slightly nodded, his heart felt warm.

Even though his girlfriend comes from a big family, the family’s elite education made his girlfriend smart and considerate. On the internet, he read that some girls are always sticking to their partners, not giving them any space at all. And some girls will dwell on even the smallest, insignificant things.

But Xu Xin isn’t that kind of person, which makes Luo Feng glad.

“Oh yeah, can you still re-enroll after quitting school?” asked Luo Feng.

“I arranged to quit school, not take a break. It will be hard to re-enroll the normal way. I could use our family’s special connections…..” Xu Xin shook her head, “But I don’t care about the little paper degree. While in university for two years, I have basically finished learning the basic knowledge I need. I have also experienced the university life, so that is enough. I am preparing to start my own company”

“Start a company?” Luo Feng froze.

“Yes”

Xu Xin nodded, “The family prepared to have me take over some things, but, I didn’t want to take over them immediately. No matter what I do, I want to start from the bottom and go forward one step at a time. I want to first start a company and get some real world experience. After that, I’ll take over my family’s business”

“Oh, Luo Feng’s girlfriend sure is a capable girl” laughed Luo Feng.

“You don’t like that?” Xu Xin looked towards Luo Feng.

“I do. Since as a fighter, there will be many times where I won’t be able to be with you. Even if we marry in the future, I don’t want you to be a housewife without a business” said Luo Feng. As of now, all the young couples think this way. The husband and wife usually both need jobs.

Without a job, there isn’t much to do.

“Thank you, respectable representative Luo Feng, for understanding this young maiden’s thoughts” Xu Xin smiled and did a bow like the girls of the ancient times used to do. After doing that, Xu Xin herself couldn’t hold it in as she started laughing.

After sending Xu Xin home, Luo Feng was in a good mood.

Yang Zhou city’s Ming-Yue sector, Luo Feng’s home’s training room. Deep into the night, Luo Feng sat cross legged.

“Such high efficiency” Luo Feng looked at the news he received on the mini quantum computer, “They arrested Li Yao and Venina so quickly. Okay, tomorrow afternoon, 15:30, Dojo of Limits world headquarters court case? Li Yao, Venina….. tomorrow, we can finally end this”

Luo Feng closed the message. As of now, Luo Feng really hasn’t considered the Vulture Scorpion couple as his opponents!

After his position changed, his view changed too.

Maybe the youth back then that was running around in the wilderness in panic was afraid of the Vulture Scorpion couple’s astronomical bounty, as he had to be extremely careful in everything he did. But after experiencing the ‘elite training camp’, ‘misty island’, and ‘archaeological ruin #9’, the youth grew. As a result, the Vulture Scorpion couple was no longer this youth’s opponent.

“The so called archaeological ruin, as the bald crystal person said it, was left behind by a race in the universe! Like archaeological ruin #9 was left behind by the master of Yun Mo planet. And that Yun Mo planet is just one planet in the wide, vast universe” Luo Feng felt a bit of danger for some reason.

The fact that a race in the universe can leave behind this ruin.

Represents that this race in the universe will arrive one day! When that happens, who knows whether that would be a blessing or a curse for the humans on earth.

“And the bald crystal person also said that, in the future, when earth is discovered by the countries in the universe, the more powerful I am, the better off we would be. I can even potentially help my country” Luo Feng subconsciously stopped treating the monsters on earth as his opponents. The real danger for earth…..

lies within the universe!

When compared with the powerful countries and races in the universe, earth as of now is indeed very fragile. Even star traveller level fighters were rare. And earth’s so called ‘high technology’….. is a joke compared to the rest of the civilizations in the universe.

“What I need to do now is exactly what the bald crystal person said to do, train! First, I’ll set ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’ as my targets, then I’ll train hard to surpass them”

“And become the world’s most powerful fighter!”

Luo Feng’s eyes were determined.

Back then, the bald crystal person said that the ‘method for Luo Feng’s breakthrough’ was left in his mini quantum computer. But after coming back today, he first had to deal with Vulture Li Yao and then comfort his girlfriend. He didn’t have time to look at it again! Now that he’s free, Luo Feng immediately started looking through it.

“An effective method for breaking through the star traveller level that cannot even be found on earth now” Luo Feng was filled with curiosity. Soon enough, he found the method in the mini quantum computer on his arm.

He started reading carefully.

“Student levels, are infinite across the universe”

“From the student level to the star traveller level is the most important step, and also the most basic step, for a life form’s advancement! Once past that step, the life form officially goes from the student level to a genetic fighter or a spirit reader in the universe”

“This instruction manual will describe the method as to how to become a spirit reader of the ‘star traveller level one stage’”

“Spiritual force, which can actually be called the power of your spirit, power of your soul”

“The body is divided into body and spirit, or body and soul. The spirit and the soul is the same thing”

“Spirit (soul), is divided into the power of your spirit (power of your soul) and consciousness!”

“When the power of your spirit becomes powerful enough, it can leave the realm of consciousness, control materials in the outside world, seep into other life forms’ realm of consciousness, etc. A strong enough power of the spirit is spiritual force!”

“How can the spiritual force of someone at the student level nine stage breakthrough to the star traveller stage?”

“First, your spiritual force needs to reach the peak of the student level nine stage!”

“Next, out of your ‘consciousness’ and ‘spirit, namely ‘consciousness’ and ‘spiritual force’, your spiritual force has to spread across your entire realm of consciousness. It is something with form! And consciousness is an intangible existence without form! Consciousness, what is it? What purpose does it serve?”

“You can say that spiritual force represents the soldiers while the consciousness represents the general!”

“The entire combat power of an army depends on both the soldiers and the general!”

“Simply put, when a regular person’s spirit is vigorous, they can lift up heavier objects. And when the spirit is lethargic, they might only be able to lift half of the usual weight! In these two situations, the body’s power stays the same. But the two states of the spirit, ‘vigorous’ and ‘lethargic’, could lead to different levels of battle power”

“Just like how the consciousness is important to a fighter, the consciousness is also important to spirit readers!”

“Capable generals will be better at commanding the soldiers”

“If two people are both at the student level nine stage, the one with the more powerful consciousness can accurately control 10 small weapons, or even more. And the one with the weaker consciousness might only be able to control four or five small weapons! This is the difference!”

“There are many ways to train the consciousness”

“For example, going through painful and difficult times will strength a fighter’s will. Actually, a ‘solid will’ is one way to represent a powerful consciousness!”

“Of course, that is a very primitive way. There are many ways in the universe to train the consciousness. The main way of our Yun Mo planet is the secret instruction manual of the controllers, basic 312 moves, the secret instruction manual of the illusionists, basic 186 moves. Out of the two branches, one of them is direct while the other is indirect. Both of them are effective”

“Of course, students have varying talents. Some of them have low brain vigor while some of them have brain vigor of over 20, and even over 30, over 40!”

“Higher brain vigor makes their breakthrough requirements harder too. But a powerful consciousness will allow them to reach greater heights!”

“So, when both your consciousness and spiritual force reach the requirements! Then the next step is–your breakthrough!”

“When you reach the border and feel like you can breakthrough at any time, you do not know the amount of time it actually takes to breakthrough. When this happens, there are three ways!”

“The first way is to wait for your chance or a special situation. When your emotions are stirred up, your ‘consciousness’ will become invigorated and you could breakthrough! But there also exists the chance of waiting for three or five years and no breakthrough opportunities come”

“The second way, is to continue to strengthen your consciousness! A powerful consciousness could let your spiritual force instantly breakthrough”

“The third way, is the method this instruction manual is going to describe, ’81 spirits forging’, which is a process split into 81 steps. Each step requires 1.5 hours. When undergoing this 81 spirits forging, stopping in the middle means you have to start from the beginning again, so you must finish it in one go. Once you finish the 81 steps, you can breakthrough to the star traveller level”

“Below, is the specific way of doing the 81 spirits forging…..”

Luo Feng was extremely excited as he read this. This instruction manual the bald crystal person left for him is definitely an extremely valuable treasure! Way better than the Spirit Reader BasicsHong gave him.

After it was translated, the words were super easy to understand.

It basically described the source of a spirit reader’s power–spirit! Which is the soul! This spirit is split into two things, ‘spiritual force’ and ‘consciousness’.

“Consciousness is the general and spiritual force is the soldier?”

“Yeah, according to what the bald crystal person said, my consciousness and spiritual force have reached their limit and can breakthrough at any time”

“But, if I just foolishly wait, who knows how long I’ll have to wait for?” Luo Feng instantly decided, “I’ll just follow the 81 spirits forging!”. Luo Feng didn’t even know that, even across the vast universe, the instruction manuals for breaking through the student level nine stage to the ‘star traveller level’ are all extremely valuable. Some powerful races and countries in the universe are not willing to share them.

“Every step needs 1.5 hours and there are 81 steps in all. Which means I need a little more than five days” Luo Feng took in a deep breath, “The court session is tomorrow, so I don’t have enough time. After the verdict is given and the Vulture Scorpion couple is executed, I’ll finish this 81 spirits forging in one go”

“Next, I’ll take a look at the Soaring Skyinstruction manual”

“According to what the bald crystal person said, only through the Soaring Skycan I truly unleash the power of the soaring shuttle! Maybe my power will raise by quite a bit tonight” with a thought, an instruction manual with a bit of starlight shining from it floated out from the surface of his black vest. This was indeed the soaring sky instruction manual that he received from the archaeological ruin, which Luo Feng has always left in his vest formed by the black god set.


Chapter 197: 3 forms of the soaring shuttle

“Soaring Sky” Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at the book in his hands.

He has never seriously read this instruction manual after receiving it. The pages of the book were made out of a special black material, unlike any material on earth. And the bit of starlight on the cover had a fear inducing aura that couldn’t be detected unless carefully observed.

“Even a book is made like this” Luo Feng flipped open the first page.

“This is the instruction manual passed along the controllers of Yun Mo planet. Those who read this cannot spread its contents to other people. If you pass its contents to other members of Yun Mo planet, you will receive a punishment of 60 years of hard labor. If you pass its contents to people outside of Yun Mo planet….. death with no exceptions!”

Just these short phrases shocked Luo Feng.

Clearly, this Yun Mo planet is an extremely strict organization. You can’t even pass its contents to other members of the planet, and passing its contents to the outside world is absolutely forbidden!

“I passed the death mission, so the bald crystal person clearly treated me as a member of Yun Mo planet” Luo Feng flipped to the second page.

“The Soaring Skyinstruction manual is a unique instruction manual for using the soaring shuttle”

“The soaring shuttle is one of the spiritual weapons created by the master of our Yun Mo planet, ‘Hu Yan Bo’. However, only when combined with the instruction manual Soaring Sky, can the soaring shuttle’s true power be unleashed. The soaring shuttle can allow the controllers of Yun Mo planet to defeat enemies that are more powerful than them”

“The soaring shuttle has three main forms”

“The first main form can be trained when your battle ability amplifier reaches 12”

“The second main form can be trained when your battle ability amplifier reaches 30”

“The third main form is the soaring shuttle’s ultimate form. You need to have reached the ‘universe level’, have your own domain, and have a battle ability amplifer of 48 to train it”

“The contents that describe the first main form of the soaring shuttle in the instruction manual,soaring sky, can be flipped to immediately. To read the contents describing the second main form, your battle ability amplifier has to have reached 30 to have the ability to open that page. As for the contents describing the third main form, your spiritual force has to have reached the ‘universe level’ to be able to open that page”

“The next part describes the first main form of the soaring shuttle”

After reading this page, Luo Feng didn’t know whether to laugh or to cry.

It looks like it isn’t even possible for him to read through the entire instruction manual right now. “Let’s try” Luo Feng tried flipping through the pages one at a time.

He flipped through the pages made out of the special black material one at a time. However, after he flipped through about a third of the pages, Luo Feng wasn’t able to flip any more, as if the rest of the pages were stuck together with glue. On the last page Luo Feng could read was a complicated, mysterious diagram. Beside it was a line of wordsһһ “seep your spiritual force into the diagram to read the contents of the soaring shuttle’s second main form”

“Looks quite mysterious” Luo Feng stared at this diagram and, with a thought, his spiritual force extended into the diagram.

Instantly, his spiritual force fell into a new universe. At this time, Luo Feng himself was like one of the planets in that vast universe. As if the end of times has come, a countless amount of planets started crazily flying towards Luo Feng. Over thousands of billions of them! An infinite amount! This armageddon-like scene shocked Luo Feng. He tried to use his spiritual force to control the planets and block them away.

“RUMBLE~” not even a second has passed and Luo Feng has already been smashed into pieces by the infinite amount of planets. The spiritual force he extended into the diagram was directly destroyed.

“Huff, huff”

Sweat appeared on Luo Feng’s forehead as he looked at the diagram in front of his eyes, his heart still shocked.

“What is this thing? An illusion?” Luo Feng was flabbergasted. He hasn’t even heard of any spirit reader on earth who could create such a realistic illusion.

“Looks like it’s just like the instruction manual says. My battle ability amplifier has to reach the required level to read the second main form’s contents. And now, my battle ability amplifier is only 16, which isn’t even close!” Luo Feng figured out in archaeological ruin #9 that the maximum amount of small weapons you can control at once represents your battle ability amplifier!

Luo Feng’s battle ability amplifier is 16!

Across the entire earth, not a single spirit reader is more powerful than him. Of course, across the vast universe, Luo Feng’s skill is nothing. He can only brag a bit on earth.

“The soaring shuttle is split into the ‘attack form’, ‘defense form’, and ‘flying form’”

“The ‘flying form’ of the first main form is the soaring shuttle itself. The attack form is the ‘mountain drill’ and the defense form is the ‘mountain bulwark’. The first main form is split into three stages. The first stage can be trained when your battle ability amplifier reaches 12. The second stage can be trained when your battle ability reaches 18. The third form, when your battle ability amplifier reaches 24”

…..

Soaring Skyis split into three main forms, where each main form has three stages. Which is to say, there are nine stages total!

As of now, Luo Feng’s battle ability amplifier is 16, so he can only train the first stage of the first form!

“Amazing”

“This master of Yun Mo Planet, ‘Hu Yan Bo’, is fantastic. How did he even think of this, coming up with ideas like these” as Luo Feng continued to read, he praised the master of Yun Mo planet more and more. According to the instruction manual, Soaring Skyand the soaring shuttle is just one of the various creations that the master of Yun Mo planet, ‘Hu Yan Bo’, has created.

That archaeological ruin #9 was also left by Hu Yan Bo.

“So that’s what the complicated engravings on the 365 blade pieces of the soaring shuttle are for. But how do they work?” Luo Feng didn’t understand some of the latter contents.

Take an assault rifle for example. The instruction manual tells you how to use an assault rifle, but it won’t tell you how to make one

And there were no principles of the soaring shuttle written here.

“Amazing”

“Absolutely amazing”

Luo Feng was a bit excited, “I’ll go to the wilderness right now to test out the first stage”

Deep into the night, Luo Feng stepped on his soaring shuttle and directly flew out of Ming-Yue sector. He transformed into a flowing light as he swiftly flew out of Yang Zhou city sector and arrived at the wilderness.

Around 300 km away from Yang Zhou city.

An image fell from the sky and completely spread his spiritual force out, which caused the scavenging monsters on the ruined highway to run away in fear. Luo Feng looked towards a hill around 100 meters away. The soaring shuttle in its original form instantly split into 365 thin blade pieces, which hovered in front of Luo Feng.

“Combine! Mountain Drill!” Luo Feng focused his eyes.

Whoosh!

The 365 blade pieces instantly gathered together and became a single entity as it formed a round drill! There were even spirals on the surface of the drill. It seemed like an electric drill workers use to drill through walls!

“Not sure if it’ll work on the first try” Luo Feng swiftly recalled how to operate the mountain drill.

“BREAK!” Luo Feng stared at the hill in the distance.

12 golden thin lines reached their maximum power as they were controlled by Luo Feng’s spiritual force. They immediately went up along the engravings of the mountain drill. Immediately, golden thin lines appeared on the originally gray soaring shuttle, each thin line carrying an astonishing amount of power, as if they were going to split the sky and earth. A total of 12 golden thin lines extended from the bottom of the mountain drill to the top as they extended towards the tip. One of them arrived first.

CHI! The 12 golden thin lines immediately dissipated and the mountain drill returned to its original gray color.

“Failed” Luo Feng shook his head helplessly.

“Again”

Chi! The 12 golden thin lines dissipated again.

In terms of his power, Luo Feng’s current limit is 16 small weapons. So controlling 12 portions of spiritual force to activate the ‘mountain drill’ isn’t that hard. However, it is hard to get all twelve engravings to perfectly reach the tip at the exact same time.

Thankfully, Luo Feng’s amplifier has reached 16, which makes the first stage a bit easier.

If his amplifier was 12, that would mean he just reached the requirement, so he would probably have to spend a lot of time to succeed.

Time passed slowly. Luo Feng tried over and over again.

A bit of light started to appear in the originally dark sky. The winter mist emanated. In the ruined highway of the wilderness, the shadows of monsters started to appear! When these monsters saw the corpses of other monsters surrounding a mysterious person, they didn’t dare to come near.

The sky became brighter and the clouds towards the east started to become red.

Finallyһһ The sun started to appear from the east.

“Break!” Luo Feng’s eyes were focused on the mountain drill in front of him like lightning.

12 golden thin lines were instantly conjured from the complicated engravings on the surface of the silverish gray mountain drill. Like snakes made out of lightning, the 12 golden thin lines instantly extended to the tip of the mountain drill! As they arrived at the exact same time, it seemed as if the 12 golden thin lines were calling upon the forces of nature.

The 12 golden thin lines instantly started rotating!

“ANG~~”

The mountain drill transformed into a golden light as it rotated and pierced the air. Its speed accelerated to an unbelievable level. The golden light that the mountain drill formed directly pierced into the hill, as if it had limitless power. “RUMBLE~~” Smoke and dust spread out, and the mountain crusher flew back from the other side of the hill.

After the dust cleared out around the hill in the distance, half of the hill was missing. Under the destructive force of the mountain drill, the hill was only half of its original height.

“Such high speed, such powerful piercing power!”

“It’s at least 50% faster than my original attacks”

“According to the instruction manual, the first form, mountain drill, has around three times more power than my normal attacks! And a star traveller level two stage has around two times the power of a star traveller level one stage! Which is to say, with the mountain drill, I am stronger than a regular ‘star traveller level two stage’” Luo Feng’s heart was filled with excitement. This is the difference between an elite with a background, and a fighter without any guidance!

Almost all of the fighters and spirit readers on earth have no sort of inheritance. All of them train bitterly without understanding anything. Even if they receive a spiritual weapon, they don’t know how to use it.

And Luo Feng?

After becoming a member of Yun Mo planet, he immediately received the instruction manual basic 312 moves, which greatly increased Luo Feng’s battle ability amplifier. After that, he received the Soaring Sky instruction manual, which increased his attack power greatly. Both sides were greatly increased, which allowed him, an elite at the student level nine stage, to skip a level and be able to fight a ‘star traveller level two stage’!

This is the benefits of receiving guidance!

Luo Feng spent five hours to successfully complete ‘mountain drill first stage’, and another three hours to successfully complete ‘mountain bulwark first stage’. As of now, even when compared with elite students from large organizations from other parts of the universe, Luo Feng isn’t much weaker.

“With the inheritance of Yun Mo planet, after I reach the star traveller level one stage, the other representatives will pose no threat to me” rapid increase in strength caused Luo Feng to become excited.

Howeverһһ he was also a bit worried. He just received the entry-level teachings of Yun Mo planet and instantly became so powerful! Once the powerful races and countries in the universe actually arrive, will earth really have the ability to fight back?


Chapter 198: Death Penalty

12/27/2058, afternoon. Outside of the Dojo of Limits world headquarters were large amounts of parked ‘disc shaped fighter jets’ and ‘auto jets’. Each of these fighter jets were extremely expensive. Luo Feng’s ’emperor level auto jet’ could only count as an average jet here; it didn’t stand out at all.

Because, over 30 representatives have come here today!

15:10, over half of the powerful representatives, and an extremely small amount of wargods with a lot of authority, were gathered inside the court in the gigantic spaceship structure.

“Luo Feng, let me introduce to you, this is representative Bygrave” under the introduction of Luo Feng’s friend, ‘investigator Liu He’, Luo Feng met a few famous people one by one. These representatives were also respectful towards this soon-to-be sixth investigator.

“This is representative Zhu Xi” smiled Li He, “He is also from China”

“Hello, representative Zhu Xi” Luo Feng extended his hand.

“Hello, representative Luo Feng” the skinny man with an aquiline nose, ‘Zhu Xi’, shook Luo Feng’s hand.

This scene seemed to be exactly the same as the other scenes he just experienced when meeting the other people, but Luo Feng’s heart was full of amazement right now. Back then when wargod ‘Lu Gang’ died, representative Zhu Xi also attended the memorial. The scene of the large figures from the government, economy sector, military sector, and fighter circle respectfully greeting representative Zhu Xi greatly shocked Luo Feng, who was still in the fire hammer squad back then.

And after a blink of an eye, he also has become a representative.

“Luo Feng, look, at that guy with white hair and seems to have no life to him at all, that’s representative Yan Hai” Liu He lowered his voice, “Even though he is also from China, he has an extremely good relationship with Li Yao. Since Li Yao is going to die because of you, things between you two are irreparable! It will be hard to be on good terms with him”

“He is extremely powerful and has the right to go for the spot of the fifth chairman. But don’t worry, he won’t dare to mess with our Dojo of Limits” said Liu He quietly, “Of course, don’t mess with him for no reason”

Luo Feng glanced at him and then simply smiled.

Representative Yan Hai? Not just Yan Hai, even the third, fourth, and fifth chairmen won’t be his opponents after he practices ’81 spirits forging’ and steps into the star traveller level one stage.

Yan Hai glanced at Luo Feng from far away without an expression and sneered! The time he spent with Li Yao together back in the Grand Nirvana period was an experience on the border of life and death. After that, Yan Hai treated Li Yao as his own son. After all, going through an experience like that indeed forges a deep relationship.

Sadly, his opponent is part of the Dojo of Limits. Even though Yan Hai has a grudge, he can only keep it in.

“That’s Luo Feng?”

“It is said that he can control 16 small weapons at once. His most powerful impact attack can reach around 8,000,000–9,000,000, which can indeed compare to some representatives”

“So what if he can compare to them? He still hasn’t become a representative yet. His movement speed on land and various techniques in combat cannot compare to us! If he really had to fight against a representative, he probably wouldn’t even be able to defeat one”

“Some representatives can control fire while others can control ice, so their attacks are indeed more flexible than his”

Some representatives were quietly discussing in a few corners in the court gallery. While they discussed, they formed a barrier around them to prevent their voices from spreading out to Luo Feng. After all, these star traveller level fighters don’t want to antagonize Luo Feng, they’re just slightly looking down on him.

And their negative feelings were born from jealousy.

They were jealous of Luo Feng’s potential! To have such attack power at the ‘peak of the wargod level’, Luo Feng will definitely stand out when he breaks through to the star traveller level!

“So what if he has high potential. If he fights with us right now, he’s still not enough” quite a few representatives were thinking this.

After chatting with many representatives, Luo Feng noticed that these representatives were keeping a bit of distance with him. Only the investigators of the Dojo of Limits were approachable and kind to Luo Feng.

“The first and second chairmen are here”

“Hong and Thunder God”

The powerful representatives and wargods in the gallery all quieted down. From the side door of the court walked in one black clothed man and one bald monk in a white robe, one in front and one in back, towards the front of the gallery. The black clothed man, Hong, seemed to swallow all the light around him, while the bald monk gave off a feeling that made one’s heart shake.

“Hong, star traveller level six stage”

“Thunder God, star traveller level seven stage!” Luo Feng looked at these two people.

The black clothed man, Hong, cold and expressionless.

The white robed Thunder God, filled with warm smiles but seemed a bit fearful.

These are the two most powerful fighters on earth! In terms of fitness level, Thunder God surpasses Hong. But since Hong has his own domain, he completely overwhelms Thunder God!

When Hong and Thunder God arrived, court quickly went into session. Luo Feng sat at the plaintiff area while Li Yao and Venina stood at the defendant area with handcuffs on.

The judging of two advanced level wargods is quite a rare event.

16:20, afternoon. The court made their decision.

“Li Yao, VeninaPaulinus, instructed other people to kill the family members of a representative. Their guilt is clear, decision: death penalty! Immediately!”

The faces of Li Yao and Venina at the defendant area slightly changed. Truthfully, they have long prepared themselves for this result.

“Luo Feng!”

Li Yao and Venina glared at Luo Feng at the plaintiff area.

Luo Feng just glanced at them coldly. The Vulture Scorpion couple actually tried to harm his family….. he already messed up once, so he definitely cannot mess up again. He cannot allow these threats to exist! Letting these two live means he is being irresponsible and ignoring the safety of his family.

“Li Yao, hand over the black god set” two powerful representatives stood in front of Li Yao.

Li Yao at the defendant area scanned the court. There were over 30 powerful representatives in this court and the first chairman, ‘Hong’, and the second chairman ‘Thunder God’. You can say that killing Li Yao would be as simple as a hand raise. Even though Li Yao didn’t want to, he could only force the black god set of his body and hand it over.

“Bring the criminals to the wilderness and execute their death penalty” said the judge of the court.

The ones responsible for executing the penalty were two representatives, one of them from the Dojo of Limits, ‘Liu He’, and the other from the Thunder Dojo, ‘Amuhan’. Under Luo Feng’s request, Luo Feng was allowed to go along with them.

Inside a prehistoric level auto jet.

LI Yao and Venina had cuffs on their hands and feet and were being watched by the three representatives Luo Feng, Liu He, and Amuhan.

“Luo Feng” Venina stared at Luo Feng, her Chinese a bit accented, as she grinded her teeth, “If you’re capable, you would’ve killed us directly in the headquarter city yesterday. But who would’ve thought you were underhanded enough to judge us through the court of the Palace of Wargods, you disgraceful bastard, even in death I won’t–”

“Shut up” Liu He, who sat in front of her, scolded with dissatisfaction.

“I’m about to die, I’m not scared of you” sneered Venina.

Venina is European. Even though she knows Chinese, she clearly is not good at using Chinese to insult people. Luo Feng simply looked at her coldly. He basically ignored what Venina said….. she’s just a pitiful bug about to die anyway.

But Vulture Li Yao simply stared at Luo Feng, not making a single sound.

“Even though you were trying to hunt me down in the continent of Australia, I never did anything to you. I let you stay in Paris headquarter city peacefully” Luo Feng looked at Li Yao coldly, “But I never would’ve thought that once the news of my death went out, you immediately made your move against my family. Li Yao, oh Li Yao. I’M NOT HUMAN IF I DON’T KILL YOU!!!”

Li Yao stayed silent as he stared at Luo Feng.

“Wei, I wasn’t able to avenge you”

“I’m useless”

“Over, over, everything is over”

“LUO FENG, LUO FENG!!! If an afterlife exists, I won’t let you go” even though Li Yao said nothing, he kept roaring in his heart. But no matter how angry he is, everything will disappear when he, Li Yao, dies!

“I can’t accept this, I can’t accept this!”

“I DON’T WANT TO JUST DIE LIKE THIS!!!” Li Yao roared in his heart, his teeth were clenched so tightly that blood started seeping out of his mouth.

The prehistoric level auto jet slowly landed.

“Get off”

Li Yao and Venina were depressed as they walked down one step at a time. Since their feet were cuffed too, they could only walk tiny steps. Li Yao and Venina stood in the vast wilderness.

“Liu He” said representative Amuhan on the side, “You kill Li Yao, I kill Venina”

“No problem” smiled Liu He.

Amuhan walked towards Venina one step at a time. Venina’s face was indeed beautiful, but this beautiful woman’s eyes were full of hatred and even had some tears in them. When representative Amuhan neared, the scimitar on his waist instantly unsheathed! A light drew past, and Venina, who wanted to dodge, stopped moving.

HUALA~~

A head directly rolled down and a headless corpse fell onto the ground.

“Venina” Li Yao stared at Venina’s body and couldn’t help but to close his eyes in pain.

“If I die, everything will be gone”

“It doesn’t matter how angry I am. It’s all useless, useless”

“I DON’T WANT TO DIE LIKE THIS!!! But, everything will disappear when I die” Li Yao’s emotions were in disarray as he closed his eyes. He was angry, unsatisfied, depressed, and saddened. Death itself isn’t too scary, but waiting for death like this seems to take an eternity.

Li Yao’s body couldn’t help but to shake a bit due to these emotions that were stirred up like never before.

“Li Yao, Venina…. Vulture Scorpion couple” Luo Feng glanced at Venina’s corpse and then looked towards Li Yao, “Let’s end this”

“Luo Feng, do you want to do it?” Liu He looked at Luo Feng.

“You can do it” said Luo Feng.

Liu He smiled and then walked towards Li Yao. Li Yao’s entire body was slightly shaking as his eyes were closed. Tears seemed to appear in the corner of his eye.

“Li Yao, die”

smiled Liu He as he spoke.

“CHI~”

The surrounding light suddenly curved. Li Yao, who was standing there motionlessly, furiously leaped back over a hundred meters, “AHHHHHHHHH~” Li Yao raised his head and roared. He pushed with his hands, BANG, and broke out of the handcuffs. His feet also moved, BANG, and the legcuffs shattered.

“LUO FENG!!!” Li Yao furiously soared into the air, “I WILL KILL YOU, I DEFINITELY WILL!!!”

“You’re not getting away”

Luo Feng ferociously roared and then stepped on his soaring shuttle as he swiftly flew into the sky.


Chapter 199: Li Yao’s Death

“Chase after him!”

Liu He and Amuhan didn’t hesitate at all as they also soared into the air.

Star traveller level fighters can all fly. This is the biggest change resulting from the student level to star traveller level transformation. However, you can’t use your legs when flying in the air, so their flying speed is way slower than their sprinting speed on land!

“So fast!”

“Luo Feng is also very fast”

Liu He and Amuhan looked at Li Yao and Luo Feng in the air, one in front and one in the back. Both of them were soaring at an extremely high speed and quickly disappeared from Liu He and Amuhan’s field of view.

“This Li Yao’s special ability is probably ‘light’” frowned Liu He, “Like the head, those with the special ability of light will be able to fly much faster than us. We can’t get him”. The reason why the universe deems star traveller level fighters as ‘true fighters’ is because once they reach the star traveller level, fighters obtain their true abilities!

“Contact the head” Liu He commanded the tactical communications watch.

“Contact the head” Amuhan also wanted to contact Thunder God.

The call quickly went through.

“Head, right in the crucial moment where Li Yao was about to be executed, he broke through to the representative level! And his special ability is probably ‘light’, so he’s extremely fast. He just flew into the air and Luo Feng is currently chasing after him. Amuhan and I haven’t been able to chase them” Liu He immediately reported. Amuhan also reported.

After their report.

“Go, let’s chase on the auto jet” Liu He called the universe level auto jet. However, Liu He and Amuhan were clear that even the auto jet wouldn’t help.

The auto jet’s flying speed is way faster than the speed of the representative level fighters. However, once the auto jet catches up, Liu He and Amuhan have to get off the auto jet to kill Li Yao. But since they are slower than Li Yao, there’s no point in chasing him!

…..

Dojo of Limits world headquarters, banquet hall.

Of course the Dojo of Limits wouldn’t make all these representative fighters come over here for nothing, so they held a banquet in the banquet hall just for these 30 representatives. For representative fighters, the deaths of two wargods….. is but a small matter. The only one who would actually care about this is probably Yan Hai.

“What?” in the banquet hall, the face of the black clothed man, Hong, slightly changed.

“He broke through?” the bald monk Thunder God was also shocked after receiving the report.

The entire banquet hall immediately quieted down.

The black clothed man, Hong, gave his order right away: “Allure, Vladimir”

“Yes” royal guard Allure stepped forward.

“Yes” a black man also stepped forward.

“Get on my prehistoric level auto jet and immediately assist Luo Feng in killing Li Yao!” commanded the black clothed man, Hong, “Li Yao has already broke through to the representative level! His special ability is ‘light’. Depart quickly”

“Yes!”

Allure and investigator Vladimir quickly left the banquet hall as they rode on the prehistoric level auto jet towards the wilderness.

The entire banquet went into an uproar.

“Li Yao broke through?”

“Breaking through before his death. This Li Yao sure is powerful. And his special ability is ‘light’”

The representatives discussed with each other quietly. The old face of ‘Yan Hai’, who was in the corner of the group of representatives, had a rare smile on as he thought to himself, “Little vulture, you definitely must grab on to this chance and escape”

“The first chairman ordered Vladimir and Allure to assist Luo Feng? Could Luo Feng be chasing after Li Yao?”

“Li Yao’s special ability is light, so he is much faster than most representatives. Luo Feng dares to chase after him?”

“This Luo Feng is way too cocky”

“His attack power rivals a representative, but this Li Yao’s attack power isn’t any weaker than him right now! And with his special ability of light, his agility is extremely amazing. Luo Feng is doomed this time”

Some representatives felt bad for Li Yao. If Li Yao made his breakthrough before the court session, he definitely wouldn’t receive the death penalty! And now, it’s too late! Some also thought that Luo Feng was too cocky. All he has is an attack of over 8,000,000 kg with 16 small weapons. Just with that, he dares to chase after a representative?

“Brother Hong, this Luo Feng fellow is a bit too courageous” smiled the bald monk Thunder God.

“A bit reckless indeed” frowned the black clothed man, Hong, “Right now, he isn’t Li Yao’s opponent. Vengeance and hatred has blinded his eyes….. sigh, he still has to be raised, since he’s too young”

“Yeah. this Luo Feng fellow is a good seedling. If raised properly, his future will be bright. If we run into something big in the future, he might be able to help us” smiled Thunder God.

The black clothed man, Hong, slightly nodded: “He has high potential. He might be able to become the third chairman in 10 or 20 more years, assuming he works hard enough”

In the eyes of the two most powerful fighters on earth, Luo Feng has potential. But now….. he isn’t enough.

“This time, he was reckless” The black clothed man slightly shook his head. Clearly, Luo Feng’s actions this time has disappointed him.

…..

In the sky, stratosphere.

“This is the power of an existence surpassing the wargod level, the power of a representative?” Li Yao, who was soaring in the sky, couldn’t help but to laugh loudly with excitement. His laughter blasted around like a shockwave. The light around him was slightly curved. Sometimes his body was blurry and sometimes it was unclear. The tattered clothes on his body were torn apart by the swift wind.

Revealing his powerful body!

“Such great power”

“My agility and power is way higher than before” Li Yao waved his fist and the air burst apart, “Using the energy of the transformation to assist with the impact clearly makes strength exertions way easier. No wonder the representative level fighters are all so powerful”

And behind him–

Whoosh!

A flowing light swiftly approached.

“LI YAO!” a roar came.

“Luo Feng!” Li Yao glanced at Luo Feng out of the corner of his eye. A cruel light shined in his eye and he actually hovered in midair as he watched Luo Feng. Luo Feng stopped on his soaring shuttle as he hovered in front of Li Yao.

“All because of you. Because of you, my son is dead. Because of you, my wife is dead….. today, I will let you know the power of an existence surpassing the wargod level!” under Li Yao’s tattered clothes, the muscles of his body seemed sculpted, the curves were perfect. His eyes were full of killing intent as he stared at Luo Feng. Luo Feng was cold towards Li Yao as he stood on his soaring shuttle, the black god set on his body transformed into a battle uniform set and a helmet.

An existence surpassing the wargod level?

Just a star traveller level one stage!

“Li Yao, you are still fated to die by my hand” Luo Feng looked at Li Yao coldly.

“Too cocky!” roared Li Yao.

And at this time, the universe level auto jet that the two representatives Liu He and Amuhan were riding on was hovering in the distance. However, because Li Yao and Amuhan were slower than Li Yao, they didn’t rush to come out…… since even if they rush out, they wouldn’t even be able to touch a corner of Li Yao’s clothes. They were only responsible for chasing after him!

As long as they don’t lose him, when the people sent by Hong arrive, they can easily kill vulture Li Yao.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng, get in the fighter jet quickly” Liu He’s voice carried over.

But Luo Feng and Li Yao continued to watch each other.

“Luo Feng, you’re too young, too cocky. Today. you die because of your arrogance!” sneered Li Yao. After that, he slightly extended his hands. A ray of golden light slowly started to appear on Li Yao’s hands, as if they were two blades! His hands also started to become blurry.

Luo Feng’s soaring shuttle was already hovering in front of him. Black footboards extended from his feet, which allowed him to hover in midair.

He silently watched Li Yao prepare his ultimate move.

“Even though the black god set is powerful, your body is still at the advanced level wargod level” Li Yao let out a peculiar smile as he closed his eyes. Light slowly appeared from his entire body, and he seemed to be covered in a layer of golden light. This scene shocked Liu He and Amuhan on the auto jet.

“Going all out right off the bat?” Liu He was shocked.

“This Li Yao indeed has a gigantic grudge with Luo Feng. He’s willing to heavily injure himself to kill Luo Feng” as star traveller level fighters, Liu He and Amuhan were clear as to what Li Yao was doing.

Li Yao, whose entire body was coated with the golden light, suddenly moved!

Whoosh!

He shot towards Luo Feng like a rainbow.

“Li Yao, die” Luo Feng slightly waved his hand as he hovered in midair.

Whoosh! The soaring shuttle instantly transformed into the ‘mountain drill’. 12 golden thin lines were born when 12 portions of powerful spiritual force merged into the engravings. They immediately rushed towards the tip of the mountain drill, forming an incredible piercing power. It seemed that the mountain drill contained an impact force formed from hundreds of billions of tons of dynamite.

“ANG~”

As if the soaring shuttle drilled through space itself, it formed a golden light as its speed reached an incredible level. Even a star traveller level nine stage probably wouldn’t be faster than the soaring shuttle in the ‘mountain drill’ form!

“WHAT!” LI Yao’s mind only had enough time for shock; there was no time for anything else.

BOOM!

Under absolute speed, Li Yao, who was preparing to unleash his ultimate move, had no time to think nor dodge as a huge hole was drilled through his chest by the ‘mountain drill’. And the powerful rotation power of the mountain drill instantly shred Li Yao’s corpse into pieces. Blood and flesh was scattered everywhere.

HUA! The mountain drill instantly disassembled into the ‘soaring shuttle’ and returned to Luo Feng’s feet.

Li Yao, dead!

Right when he became an existence surpassing the wargod level and was preparing to have his revenge, he was directly killed by Luo Feng!

Just like that!

The soaring shuttle is split into three main forms. In the soaring shuttle’s first main form, it can transform into the ‘mountain drill’ and the ‘mountain bulwark’. And the second main form of the soaring shuttle requires a battle ability amplifier of 30 to start training it! As for the third main form of the soaring shuttle, you need to have reached the ‘universe level’, have a battle ability amplifier of 48, and have your own domain to start training it.

Maybe the second transformation of the soaring shuttle is even more absurdly powerful.

However, the first form’s transformations, ‘mountain drill’ and ‘mountain bulwark’, just the power of the first stage has completely satisfied Luo Feng.

“Holy!” Liu He froze in the distance.

“Great Buddha, I, I….” Amuhan was also stunned.

A representative fighter was killed by a golden light!

Luo Feng’s movements were too fast just now. He instantly transformed the soaring shuttle to attack. Even Liu He and Amuhan weren’t able to see what the golden light Luo Feng sent out was! They only saw….. that before Li Yao’s seemingly powerful attack was able to reach Luo Feng, Li Yao himself was blown to smithereens!

“Head, head” Liu He quickly contacted.

“Head” Amuhan did the same.

Both sides connected.

“Liu He, Luo Feng is fine right. Hurry and let him in the auto jet and tell him to calm down and stop being reckless” right when they connected, Hong immediately gave his command.

“Head, Li Yao was killed by Luo Feng” said Liu He after clearing his throat.


Chapter 200: It’s Called the Soaring Shuttle

On the other side of the tactical communications watch, the head, ‘Hong’, went silent for a moment, and then couldn’t help but to ask: “You said Li Yao was killed by Luo Feng?”

“Yes, head” Liu He was also extremely confused.

Luo Feng can control 16 small weapons and the fact that an advanced level wargod level spirit reader is comparable to a ‘representative level fighter’ can be accepted by them. But no matter how powerful he is, for him to kill a representative? That’s sleep-talk! Unless he saw it for himself, Liu He would never believe this.

“Head, I’m sure I saw it. Luo Feng transformed the soaring shuttle into a golden light, which pierced through Li Yao and killed him” said Liu He.

“Soaring shuttle? Golden light?”

On the other side of the tactical communications watch, Hong went silent for a bit and then commanded, “Liu He, bring Luo Feng back to headquarters immediately”

“Yes!” Liu He heeded the command.

“Also, your auto jet probably recorded the battle just now right? Send a copy to me” commanded Hong.

“Yes” Liu He heeded the command.

Besides Liu He, that investigator from the Thunder Dojo, Amuhan, has also finished his report to ‘Thunder God’. Liu He and Amuhan exchanged glances and then turned their heads towards Luo Feng, who was still hovering in midair. The hatch was already opened!

“Li Yao was killed by me!” Luo Feng gazed upon the infinite sky, his thoughts in disarray.

Ever since he completed the first stage of the first main form of the ‘soaring shuttle’, Luo Feng stopped taking the regular star traveller level one fighter seriously. Even though Li Yao made his breakthrough, Luo Feng had absolute confidence in killing a ‘Li Yao’ without a black god set! However, at the instant he actually killed him for real–

Luo Feng’s feelings were in disarray.

His grudge with Li Yao has been going on for a long time.

When he was still a rookie fighter, Li Yao was like a gigantic mountain that stood in his path that struck fear into him. Step by step….. as he grew, Li Yao’s threat drastically lowered. This time, because of what happened to his parents, his rage decided that Li Yao must die! Which is why he killed him!

“Luo Feng, what are you thinking about?”

“Haha, is it because killing Li Yao in an instant made you feel accomplished?” Liu He yelled from the auto jet faraway.

“Coming” Luo Feng smiled and then flew over with the soaring shuttle.

After he entered the plane, the hatch closed.

“Return to headquarters” ordered Liu He.

The auto jet immediately turned around and flew back.

In the plane, Luo Feng could feel that Liu He and Amuhan’s eyes were different than before. He couldn’t help laugh and say: “Liu He, what are you guys looking at me like that for?”

“Powerful, powerful indeed. To be able to kill a representative level fighter” Liu He stared at Luo Feng.

“Respect” twisted Chinese came out of Amuhan’s mouth, and he even gave a thumbs up.

“It’s nothing. That Li Yao didn’t have a ‘black god set’. If he had a black god set, it would be hard for me to kill him” Luo Feng slightly smiled. Liu He and Amuhan were secretly shocked. How many existences surpassing the wargod level are there on earth? All the other representatives don’t have the record of killing a ‘representative’.

After killing a representative fighter, Luo Feng is still so calm?

Liu He and Amuhan were of course shocked by Luo Feng’s maturity.

“Killing a star traveller level one stage?” Luo Feng shook his head to himself.

On earth, this is an incredible thing! But after going through archaeological ruin #9, Luo Feng was clear: star traveller level fighters in the vast universe can barely survive. He, who has received the inheritance of Yun Mo planet, indeed has nothing to be proud of over killing a star traveller level one stage.

After a moment, this universe level auto jet landed at the apron.

Luo Feng, Liu He, and Amuhan. These three representatives entered the large spaceship structure.

“All the other representatives are at the banquet hall” smiled Liu He as he said, “This way”

Under Liu He’s lead, Luo Feng and the others quickly arrived at the banquet hall.

The large door to the banquet hall was dark red. Beside the door that was 3.6 meters tall and had detailed engravings on it stood two servants. The two servants slightly bowed: “Please enter, three representatives”. As he said that, he pushed open the huge heavy door. The door slowly opened and the sounds of discussion within immediately spread out.

Luo Feng, Liu He, and Amuhan directly walked in.

At the instant when Luo Feng, who was wearing a black casual outfit, stepped in the banquet hall, all the ‘existences surpassing the wargod level’, whoosh!, turned their heads and looked over. All of their eyes landed upon Luo Feng.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was slightly shocked.

Over 30 powerful star traveller level fighters were staring at just him?

“Luo Feng”

“Luo Feng”

Vladimir, Wang Yu, and the other investigators from the Dojo of Limits came up with a smile and greeted Luo Feng. As for the other representatives, they were all discussing quietly together. However, most of them formed a barrier around them so their voices won’t spread out. Clearly, the things they were talking about were not appropriate for others to hear.

“That Luo Feng still needs to step on a weapon to fly, which means he hasn’t broke through yet. He’s still at the peak of the advanced level wargod level. He, a spirit reader at the ‘peak of the advanced level wargod level’, was actually able to kill Li Yao with a golden light!”

“Luo Feng must’ve got an extremely powerful special weapon”

Representatives discussed quietly with their good friends.

Previously, Li Yao’s breakthrough shocked everyone here. Many representatives were talking about that. And after that–the news of Luo Feng killing Li Yao spread! The various representatives of course wanted to know how Li Yao was killed. When faced with over 30 representatives worrying about the same thing, Hong and Thunder God can’t keep hiding it.

So, they played the video of Luo Feng killing Li Yao.

Hong and Thunder God didn’t put the video on ‘slow’, rather, they played it at the regular speed! All the various representatives only saw that the special weapon hovering beside Luo Feng instantly transformed into a golden light and shot out, blowing Li Yao into smithereens!

“Luo Feng’s weapon is too powerful”

“Didn’t he stay in archaeological ruin #9 for a year and three months? He must’ve got some special rewards. He probably got that weapon from the archaeological ruin”

“He, at the peak of the wargod level, can bring out so much strength with this weapon. Then if a powerful fighter who has truly broke through to the ‘representative level’ uses it, he could probably become even more powerful”

Everyone wants good things. If a kid is hugging a piece of gold and walking down the street, it would be weird if someone didn’t steal it.

One thing is for sure.

These representatives are all a bit envious of that special weapon that can transform into a golden light, but Luo Feng is no child. In fact, he’s a powerful fighter that can kill a ‘representative’! That’s why these representatives are still able to show some self control. However, these representatives still had confidence in themselves, since they are different from Li Yao.

When Li Yao was killed, he didn’t have a black god set.

And all the other representatives have black god sets! With a black god set, their defensive abilities go up by over 10 times.

Luo Feng was with the other four investigators.

“How come I feel like quite a few representatives are looking at me in a weird way” said Luo Feng quietly.

“You made such a big scene”

The investigator named Wang on the side said quietly, “You, a spirit reader at the peak of the wargod level, was able to rely on a weapon to kill a true representative level fighter! Clearly, this weapon is powerful. You tell me…… how can all of these representatives not be envious? They are barely able to control themselves. However, once there’s a chance, some of these people will make a move”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to laugh.

A bunch of representatives?

He seriously doesn’t care about them. There are only two people that he is aiming for on earth– Hong and Thunder God! As for the others, they’re seriously not much.

After going back, he’ll start the ’81 spirits forging’ and directly become a spirit reader at the star traveller level one stage!

At that time…..

The representatives that dare to come after him will end up giving up their lives! However, these representatives probably aren’t that daring.

“RUMBLE~~” the door to the banquet opened once again.

Everyone turned their heads.

The black clothed ‘Hong’ and the bald monk ‘Thunder God’ walked in, one in front and one in back. All the representatives quieted down and didn’t dare to speak any further.

“Everybody”

The eyes of the black clothed man, Hong, scanned across everybody in the room. The formless pressure caused everybody’s heart to shake with no will to resist at all, “I heard your discussions just now nice and clear. Who would’ve thought that after just a mere 10 years, people have started to forget about the ‘Yahan case’”

“Bunch of trash!” Thunder God also sneered on the side.

The faces of many representatives went pale. The ‘Yahan’ case was when ‘Hong’ struck down a representative fighter ‘Yahan’ back then out of anger.

Not just Hong!

On earth, not just Hong, Thunder God is also a fighter who has killed a ‘representative fighter’! Of course, today, Luo Feng will be added to that list. However, unlike Luo Feng….. the representatives Hong and Thunder God have killed were representatives with black god sets!

“I created the Palace of Wargods with Thunder God so everybody can come together. I wished for the elites of humanity to work together for humanity’s survival!”

“Unity!”

“You must remember this one word! Otherwise, in the battle between humans and monsters, humans might end up being eliminated” the black clothed man, Hong, said coldly, “The amount of monsters in the sea are many times more numerous than humans. They also have way more emperor level monsters than us, and they have two grand emperor monsters!”

Luo Feng, who was in the banquet hall, froze when he heard this….. grand emperor? Two of them?

However, the other representatives weren’t shocked, as they clearly all knew this already.

“Unity is the most important thing!”

“I don’t want to see something similar to the cases of Yahan and Li An Sheng happen again. If they do happen, I and Thunder God wouldn’t mind getting rid of them. These kinds of people are just ruining everything for everyone else!” the black clothed man, Hong, spoke with a cold voice. None of the representatives dared to say anything. “As for Luo Feng’s case, Luo Feng’s weapon….. is called the soaring shuttle!”

A bunch of representatives started listening carefully.

“That is something I gave to Luo Feng” said the black clothed man, Hong, coldly, “Of course, one point is because Luo Feng has enough talent. Another point is that Luo Feng gave me all of the huge amounts of spirits of nature he got back at the misty island, which was why I exchanged them for a soaring shuttle”

“I am a fair man”

“If you want something, then you need to give something of equal value”

The black clothed man, Hong, looked towards Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, come with me. The rest of you continue the banquet”

After saying that, the black clothed man, Hong, turned around and headed outside. The bald monk Thunder God also followed. After Luo Feng heard the command, he also followed them and left the banquet hall.

RUMBLE~~

The huge door of the banquet hall closed once again. Only then did all of the representatives let out a sigh of relief. All of them exchanged glances with a bit of fear in their eyes! Hong and Thunder God have not shown their anger in front of the representatives for an extremely, extremely long time. Humans are a forgetful species. Roughly 10 years was enough time for them to forget about Hong and Thunder God’s cruelty.

In that scene before, everyone felt…..

that in front of Hong, their lives were no longer their own! This feeling scared all of them, and none of them dared to think of any twisted ideas.


Chapter 201: Misty Island

Luo Feng quietly followed the black clothed man, Hong, and the white robed monk, Thunder God.

“These two are the strongest fighters on earth” Luo Feng watched their backs and set them as his goal! One of them reached the star traveller level seven stage in just a few dozen years while the other is at the star traveller level six stage but ‘invincible in the star traveller level’. This training speed is way faster than everybody else on earth.

HUA!

Along the tunnel, the metal door opened. The three of them went in and the metal door closed.

They walked forward and quickly arrived at the open-air rooftop.

Hong and Thunder God both sat down. Hong glanced at Luo Feng: “sit”

“Yes, head” Luo Feng sat down on the side, his back straight.

“Kiddo Luo, how did you kill Li Yao with just the soaring shuttle, tell me the details” Thunder God’s face was filled with smiles and seemed quite kind, “Back then, I discovered this soaring shuttle with your head and spent a lot of time on it. Even though we know that this ‘spiritual weapon’ is extremely powerful, we didn’t know how to use it”

Luo Feng’s heart leapt.

The bald crystal person said that Hong and Thunder God have received inheritances from other archaeological ruins, so they clearly know the power of a ‘spiritual weapon’! But the ‘soaring shuttle’ is one of the unique spiritual weapons in Yun Mo planet. The usage of it is definitely a secret. Even if someone outside of Yun Mo planet gets it, they can’t even use it.

“What should I do?”

“The secret of the instruction manual Soaring Shuttledefinitely cannot be spread. According to what was on it, if I pass it to other members of Yun Mo planet, hard labor for 60 years. If I pass it to people outside of Yun Mo planet, death without exceptions! The bald crystal person is watching the entire planet. If I expose the secret, he’ll definitely know. He might even shoot out a laser beam and kill me” Luo Feng didn’t dare to take the risk.

Hong and Thunder God exchanged glances.

“Is there something wrong?” Hong watched Luo Feng.

“I’m thinking about how I should explain this” Luo Feng took in a deep breath, “I trust that the head has guessed, that there is an AI system controlling archaeological ruin #9 from behind the scenes!”

Hong and Thunder God nodded.

With so many wargods on earth entering it over and over again, it was really easy to discover that this archaeological ruin was following a process. People naturally guessed that there is an AI system controlling the archaeological ruin.

“I said before that because of my brain vigor, I took a special exam in archaeological ruin #9, which was my death mission. During the mission, I received a bit of guidance for ‘spirit reader controllers’! From there, I learned two ways to use the soaring shuttle: an attacking method and a defending method”

“Finally, I successfully completed the mission in one year and three months! And I received a training method for spirit reader controllers”

“However, even though I feel like this archaeological ruin #9 is like a teacher picking out students, a lot of things were hidden from us” Luo Feng shook his head and sighed.

Hong and Thunder God slightly nodded.

“That’s normal”

Hong lightly smiled, “That archaeological ruin #9 is one of the few archaeological ruins on earth that are functioning perfectly. According to what we know, that’s a place to pick out students! However, it prefers spirit readers, which can be determined by comparing the death rates of spirit readers and regular fighters”

Luo Feng froze.

Yeah, before entering, Hong told him that even though spirit readers at the ‘advanced level wargod level’ have failed after entering archaeological ruin #9, none of them died! Rather, the death rate of advanced level wargod level fighters is high.

Clearly, this archaeological ruin #9 ‘likes’ spirit readers and isn’t very fair on the screening process.

“So my guess is that, the organization behind archaeological ruin #9 values spirit readers” said Hong.

Luo Feng applauded in his mind.

According to what he knows, the master of Yun Mo planet, ‘Hu Yan Bo’, created many spiritual weapons. Someone who can create spiritual weapons is probably an incredible existence within the spirit reader division! Keep in mind that to use the third main form of the ‘soaring shuttle’, you have to at least be a universe level spirit reader!

To be able to create a weapon that even powerful universe level fighters have to struggle to use.

The strength of this Hu Yan Bo probably exceeds the universe level!

Since the master of Yun Mo planet is such an accomplished ‘spirit reader’, it isn’t weird that he prioritizes spirit reader students.

“This organization heavily values spirit readers, and archaeological ruin #9 is just an entry level test; how could it teach a lot?” Hong shook his head and then looked at Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, there is only one spirit reader on earth who has reached the ‘representative level’: the fourth chairman Eastbourne. However, he isn’t as talented as you. Furthermore, that guy is too ambitious, which I don’t like”

“You can control 16 small weapons now, so you can probably breakthrough?” Hong looked at Luo Feng, “That Eastbourne can only control at most 14 small weapons”

“Probably. Recently, I have been feeling like I can make my breakthrough at any time” replied Luo Feng.

“Okay”

Hong and Thunder God both slightly nodded.

Hong and Thunder God are definitely the two people on earth who know the most about the universe! Most of the various archaeological ruins on earth were discovered by these two powerful fighters! Luo Feng’s knowledge of the universe doesn’t even come close to Hong and Thunder God’s. Because they know so much about the universe, Hong and Thunder God don’t dare to relax.

“Keep working hard” encouraged Hong.

“Head, you mentioned a ‘grand emperor monster’?” asked Luo Feng, “What is this grand emperor monster?”

Hong and Thunder God exchanged glances.

Hong said seriously: “You haven’t been in the circle of representatives for a long enough time. This actually isn’t a big secret! Whether humans or monsters, after breaking through the ‘wargod level’ and ’emperor level’, it’s not like their strength doesn’t grow anymore! Our representative fighters are of varying power, and me and Thunder God surpass the others by far”

“Monsters are the same”

“There are strong emperor level monsters and weak emperor level monsters. However, usually, the difference isn’t too great, just a difference of a few times”

“However, the sea, with an area several times that of land, has countless monsters. There are also many emperor level monsters! Naturally, a few horrifying monsters will be born! We call these two monsters the ‘grand emperor monsters’! Each of them have an astonishingly high amount of strength. Except me and Thunder God, anyone else on earth who encounters them will die for sure” said Hong without hesitation.

Luo Feng was shocked.

Such horrifying monsters exist?

But after thinking a bit, one can understand that the higher your authority, the more you will know. For example, regular fighters don’t even know things like ‘spirits of nature’. If the news of the ‘grand emperor monsters’ goes out, human society will just go into more turmoil. As long as the representatives know that there are still monsters that can kill them within a second, they’ll keep working hard without relaxing.

“Keep in mind that the representative level is only the beginning and not the end” said Hong seriously, “Do not let your guard down”

“Understood” nodded Luo Feng.

Of course he understood…..

that the so called representative level is actually the ‘star traveller level’. He even knew that the star traveller level was split into nine stages and the level of the two heads: star traveller level six stage and star traveller level seven stage.

“Okay” Hong paused a bit before saying, “Our appointment of the sixth investigator of our Dojo of Limits is going to be broadcasted around the entire world, so we have to pick an important day. I think….. the 1st, 5th, and 18th of January are all good days, you can pick one”

“Appointing the investigator?”

Luo Feng thought a bit and then smiled, “January 1st is new years, so that probably is not a good day. We can do it on January 5th”

“Okay” Hong nodded, “Alright, go participate in the banquet”

“Yes”

Luo Feng obeyed and immediately left.

Only Hong and Thunder God remained on the open-air rooftop. “Brother Hong, I think this little fellow is hiding something” Thunder God smiled as he looked towards Hong.

“Everyone has their own secrets. Some secrets cannot even be told to one’s own family, so is there a need to force it out?” Hong said seriously, “The thing I am worrying about is that earth will one day be discovered by the countries and organizations across the universe! At that time, it is hard to say….. whether humanity will be eradicated, sold off as slaves, or will somehow be able to luckily survive.”

“So, we must enter the ‘star level’ as fast as possible. That way, we will have the ability to protect earth”

“Yeah” Thunder God slightly nodded.

The two peak existences on earth….. were worrying about humanity’s fate.

They were clear how insignificant earth was in the universe! And the humans on earth are only living on the land of this planet……

Knock! Knock! Knock!

A knocking sound rose.

“Enter” Hong spoke, and the door opened automatically.

Royal guard Allure walked to the open-air rooftop and said respectfully: “Head, we just received news that there has been some special change at the misty island. It will become clear after the head watches the video”

“Misty island?” said Thunder God with shock, “Brother Hong, isn’t that where you got the cloud contact vine?”

“Play it” commanded Hong.

…..

Ming-Yue sector.

Night, Luo Feng and his family were eating dinner.

“Dad, mom, I have to go out to deal with some business tonight. I probably need about five to six days” Luo Feng held his bowl and picked up a piece of scrambled egg.

“Five to six days?”

Beside the dinner table, father Luo Hong Guo, who was sitting on a wheelchair, mother Gong Xin Lan, and brother Luo Hua were all shocked.

“You just came back for two days, how come you’re going out again?” Gong Xin Lan couldn’t help but to say, “There’s no danger is there?”

“Our child is going out to do important things, don’t hinder him” scolded Luo Hong Guo.

“I’m just worried about Feng, what’re you yelling about” yelled Gong Xin Lan immediately.

“Okay, dad, mom” followed Luo Feng, “There won’t be any danger this time. I’m just going to deal with something important. I’ll be able to come back five to six days later”

Only after that was the family at ease.

Since Luo Feng indeed just disappeared for a year and three months.

Deep into the night.

Luo Feng stepped on the soaring shuttle and silently left home. In the night, he entered the ’emperor level auto jet’ without a sound.

Inside the auto jet.

The seat was placed horizontally and was as flat as the ground. Luo Feng silently sat cross legged on it.

“Don’t worry, be good, I’ll call you later” Luo Feng ended his call with Xu Xin.

“#1, do not allow anyone to disturb me until I come out” commanded Luo Feng.

All preparations were made!

He told his family and Xu Xin. His investigator appointment was also on January 5th, so he had eight or nine days, which was enough for him to break through to the ‘star traveller level’.

“81 spirits forging”

Luo Feng took in a deep breath, closed his eyes, and swiftly recalled the 81 steps of 81 spirits forging.

“No problem”

“Then…..”

“Begin!”

Luo Feng’s breathing became steady and his heart rate slowed down. In his vastless realm of consciousness, the originally calm, galaxy-like spiritual force ferociously surged. “RUMBLE~~” The surging spiritual force started rotating and started constantly accelerating, accelerating…..


Chapter 202: Birth

Luo Feng began the ’81 spirits forging’. The representatives that received the warning from ‘Hong’ all became well-behaved. The countless regular civilians of China were all preparing for the upcoming new year’s day.

The entire earth was calm.

…..

12/30/2058, 21:36. Earth, the Pacific Ocean. Depths of the sea a few hundred km away from the Hawaiian Islands.

Cold, darkness.

In this area of the sea, the black, oval shaped egg that was around 12 meters in diameter has been here for around a year already. Weeds and dirt covered it and it was quite inconspicuous. Quite a few monsters in this area have discovered this mysterious egg in the past year, but none of them were able to bite through the egg’s shell. As time passed, very few monsters bothered to deal with this mysterious egg.

“Crack crack crack~~”

The mysterious black gigantic egg slightly shook and a bit of the weeds and dirt on the egg fell off. Actually, since a month ago, this gigantic egg would occasionally shake a bit. The shaking slowly became more and more frequent. Yesterday, this mysterious gigantic egg shook around 10 times.

“Crack crack crack~~”

The mysterious black gigantic egg shook again and more weeds and dirt fell off. As they fell off, they revealed the mysterious golden markings on the surface of the black gigantic egg.

Ring! Ring! Ring!

The black gigantic egg started shaking violently. It shook more and more and with a crisp sound, a crack appeared on the surface of the black gigantic egg. Soon after was “PA!” “PA!” “PA!” a few heavy sounds. The cracked area of the black gigantic egg broke, and an ‘unidentified being’ covered in black slime appeared.

“Kechi, kechi” this unidentified being covered in slime started swallowing the egg shell.

As if it was starving for who knows how many years.

It swallowed crazily!

In just around 10 minutes, a third of the black oval shaped egg that was 12 meters in diameter was eaten up, and the body of the black unidentified being was completely revealed. This was an unidentified reptile with four powerful legs that was covered in black scales. Its large, black body had a pair of wings that were covered in scales and a tail that seemed to be that of a dragon’s.

On its head was a single horn that was pointed directly at the sky!

However, its entire body had slime on it, so it was impossible to discern its true appearance!

As it ate the black egg shell, the black monster’s body started to become bigger and bigger. From a body size of 12 meters, it became longer. When it finished eating up the egg shell, its body became 16 meters long! As of now, all of its slime has been absorbed and the black monster’s body became clear.

“WU–”

A sharp, joyful shriek rang from its throat.

This was a 16 meter long monster that has never been seen on earth before. Its black scales all over its body were like sharp blades that sent chills down one’s spine. The pressure from the odd aura emanating from its body was suffocating. Whether the scales all over its body or its terrifying wings, its powerful four legs, its tail, its horn, all of them were an ice cold black!

To be more specific…..

there were some hidden mysterious golden stripes on its sharp, black horn. However, it was extremely inconspicuous, one would have to look closely to be able to find them.

The mysterious golden stripes went from its horn to the scales on its head, neck, and back, as if there was a layer of golden stripes merged into its back. Some of the densely packed golden stripes on its back even spread out to its wings and limbs!

After finishing the black egg shell, the mysterious monster swam around the area under the sea.

Ancient memories contained in its blood flowed into its mind.

The mysterious monster’s eyes ferociously brightened as they became a shining golden color! The golden stripes on the scales of its horn, neck, and back also slightly lit up, and a golden color visible to the naked eye appeared! The water around it suddenly paused a bit, and the bedrock that the mysterious monster was laying on started trembling slightly.

Power flowed into its body.

But, in just a moment, it stopped absorbing energy.

“WU–”

The mysterious monster stood up with a bit of anger as it looked around its surroundings, as if it was thinking. Finally, it let out a roar of dissatisfaction and slightly shook its tail. With a whoosh, it started moving forward in the water. It seemed like it was born without the need of oxygen and could naturally move around the sea as if it was flat ground.

Suddenly, a group of fish type monsters appeared in front of it. The monsters had staggered teeth and red eyes. Each of them were over five meters long, and a few peculiar claws grew out of their abdomens.

“Yu~” a shrieking sound came.

The large group of fish type monsters swiftly surrounded the mysterious monster. They have already treated this monster they have never seen before as their prey! There are way too many species of monsters in the sea, so monsters that live in the sea use their body sizes as an indicator of an unidentified monster’s strength.

Sea monsters are larger than land monsters.

Emperor level sea monsters are usually over 100 meters long!

Horde leader level sea monsters are usually over 20 meters long!

And this mysterious monster in front of them was only 16 meters long, so it probably isn’t at the horde leader level yet. Of course this group of fish type monsters wouldn’t be scared. If they work together, they can even hunt a horde leader level monster.

“Yu!”

The command was given.

Fish type monster after fish type monster ferociously charged out. At the same time, ‘whoosh’ ‘whoosh’ ‘whoosh’, red beam after red beam shot out of the eyes of these fish type monsters. The red beams shot out by the densely packed fish type monsters swiftly formed a net, which covered the entire mysterious monster. The mysterious monster looked at the countless amount of fish type monsters charging at it with its ice cold eyes.

“WU–”

A roar.

Whoosh!

The blade-like scales covering the mysterious monster’s wings suddenly spread out! Its wingspan was at least 20 meters!

It moved!

The mysterious monster instantly transformed into a blurry image that carried a bit of golden light with it. The image instantly spread out across a 300 meter radius, and that 300 meter radius instantly became a zone of pure death! All the fish type monster instantly died, and all the other sea monsters in that area were minced to death too!

They were killed by the pair of wings!

“Kechi, kechi” the mysterious monster picked the corpses of the three strongest sea monsters. The size of the corpses of the three monsters were even larger than its own body size.

Its bloody, large mouth easily ate them up in just around 10 seconds!

“WU!”

The mysterious monster let out a roar of dissatisfaction, as if the three monster corpses couldn’t satisfy it at all. Its body was still 16 meters long, no change at all.

“Whoosh!”

It shook its tail and continued forward! It didn’t even stop for monsters lower than the horde leader level.

Two horde leader level mountain shaking whales appeared in front of it. It roared and spread out its wings again……

Starting from tonight, the mysterious monster began a bloody hunt in the surrounding area!

Its stomach was like a bottomless hole.

Eat, eat!

It ate a huge amount of horrifying sea monsters, each of them at the horde leader level! If you stack all of these sea monsters together, you could probably make a mountain! However, even though it ate so many monsters within a day, the length of its body didn’t change much at all.

…..

For this area of the sea, this was a huge disaster!

The death of large amounts of horde leaders finally brought about the attention of the king of this area–a large, powerful emperor level monster, ‘dragon turtle’! To be able to occupy the core region of the Pacific Ocean that was thousands of km large, this dragon turtle, even within the group of the emperor level monsters, was an extremely horrifying existence.

Before the Grand Nirvana period, it has already lived in some cave beneath the sea for a hundred years. It was a turtle with a long lifespan.

“HOWL~~”

The gigantic dragon turtle was like a mountain as it swiftly moved forward on the seabed.

Just the turtle shell’s diameter was over 300 meters. If this dragon turtle floated above the surface of the sea, it would seem like an island. Sadly, because it’s too large, it isn’t able to enter land through a river. Otherwise….. with the dragon turtle’s famed defense, it will definitely cause a lot of trouble for humanity.

“It dared to kill such a large amount of my subordinates. I will definitely kill it, KILL IT!!!” the dragon turtle howled in its heart.

In terms of intelligence, some emperor level monsters are even smarter and more cunning than humans.

“So it’s there”

Under the lead of a horde leader level monster, the gigantic dragon turtle swiftly moved forward. It will definitely kill its opponent, who invaded its territory and slaughtered tons of its subordinates! If it doesn’t fight….. then it must admit defeat, leave, and allow the opponent to take over this land. This is the rule of the sea monsters.

…..

“WU!”

“WU!”

The mysterious monster, which was born almost a day ago, was unhappy. It ate up a large amount of sea monsters that seemed to be pretty good in this sea. According to its inherited memory, monsters of those size should be pretty powerful, and eating them would be beneficial. However– eating that much didn’t prove to be of much help.

Not even a ten thousandth as satisfying as the egg shell.

“WU!”

Dissatisfaction and exasperation made the mysterious monster decide to lay down and rest for a bit. After all, it was just a baby that has been born less than a day ago.

Suddenly–

The mysterious monster slightly raised its head and looked into the distance. Its pair of cold eyes slightly lit up with a bit of golden light. Its golden eyes seemed to be able to see quite a far distance in the deep, dark seabed. “WU~” the mysterious monster swiftly got up and, after letting out a roar of excitement, its tail shook and it charged forward like lightning.

…..

The seabed.

A black monster that was 16 meters long and the gigantic being that had a turtle shell with a diameter of over 300 meters, the ‘dragon turtle’, have finally met. They were only a few hundred meters apart.

The dragon turtle’s gigantic eyes seemed to stare at this tiny thing from the 3rd floor of an apartment building.

16 meters long?

It was indeed a tiny thing!

“What species is this, I’ve never seen this before? Four limbs, is it a land monster? A pair of wings, is it a flying monster?” the dragon turtle was intelligent, but no matter how much it observed, it couldn’t recognize which type of monster this ‘tiny thing’ was! It seemed to move quite freely in the sea, which showed it was comfortable in water.

It seemed like a land monster that had a flying monster’s wings, and yet it was a monster that lived in the sea……

What is this thing?

“WU!”

The mysterious monster excitedly roared.

Its pair of wings that were covered in scales ferociously spread out, whoosh! Instantly, the mysterious monster transformed into a blurry image. When faced with this, the dragon turtle simply stared at this ‘tiny thing’ without any worry. With the dragon turtle’s defense, even other emperor level monsters will have trouble damaging it.

“CHI CHI CHI CHI~~”

The gigantic dragon turtle that seemed to be like an island on the seabed suddenly shook. The mysterious monster’s sharp wings flew past its turtle shell, which actually made it crack open. However, thankfully the turtle shell is extremely thick, so there was no problem.

“This tiny thing…..” the dragon turtle looked at the mysterious monster suspended in the water with disbelief.

“WU~~” the mysterious monster seemed to yell with joy.

Whoosh!

This time, the mysterious monster didn’t spread its wings. It flew in a straight path and, as if teleportation, charged in front of the dragon turtle’s gigantic head. After that, the mysterious monster stuck its two forward limbs out. Each of its four limbs had five toes, and now, shua! shua! shua! shua! shua! The claws that were normally hidden extended out like blades!

Hu!

The claws drew past the dragon turtle’s head. The dragon turtle’s head, which was covered with tough scales, was instantly slashed open by the claws! Its cerebrospinal fluid shot out!

“Too fast!” the dragon turtle only felt a bit of fear and shock, and then died.

Fast!

So fast that even an emperor level dragon turtle couldn’t dodge!

Powerful!

So powerful it killed an emperor level monster, ‘dragon turtle’, in one hit with its claws!

“WU~~” the mysterious monster excitedly started to eat up the entire dragon turtle. The mysterious monster seemed to have a much easier time eating the dragon turtle, which was as large as an island, than the egg shell. In just a few minutes, not even a speck was left of the gigantic dragon turtle! And the surrounding horde leader level monsters have long fled in fear….. there’s no helping it. This mysterious monster was just too horrifying.

“WU~~” after eating, the mysterious monster comfortably lie down and closed its eyes.

It’s finally a bit satisfied.

And as of now–

The length of its body finally increased by around 0.1 meters!


Chapter 203: Stepping into the Star Traveller Level

The birth of the mysterious monster led to a bloody hunt in the Pacific ocean. However, the humans on earth did not realize that at all, and Luo Feng was still continuing his ’81 spirits forging’ in his emperor level auto jet.

Time flowed, January 1st, 2059.

Ming-Yue sector, Luo Feng’s home.

“Sorry, Mr. Wang, my brother isn’t home” Luo Hua smiled in the living room as he spoke to an elegant middle-aged man with glasses.

“Today is new years and representative Luo isn’t home?” this elegant middle-aged man was a bit shocked.

“Yes. Very sorry” Luo Hua nodded, “My family still has things to do, so we won’t be keeping Mr. Wang. Next time….. I will personally welcome Mr. Wang”

“Okay, then I will be leaving now”

Mr. Wang politely left.

As he watched Mr. Wang leave, Luo Hua shook his head. This is already the 12th wave of invitations within the past few days. To be confident enough to invite a representative level fighter, this person must be an important figure! Powers like the Xu family, if not for Xu Xin, don’t even have the right to go up to a representative’s home. That Mr. Wang from before came on behalf of the top level in China’s government.

“Where did bro go?”

Luo Hua stood in front of his home’s door, “People from the Dojo of Limits, army, government, and even HR alliance are all inviting him. People from Europe and America have been sending their invitations too! It seems like….. nobody knows that my bro is busy”

“What is he doing?” Luo Hua thought to himself.

Barely anyone knew of Luo Feng’s situation.

…..

On the night of new year’s day, most people were watching the celebrations. And in an auto jet in Ming-Yue sector, there was a bit of faint light in the cockpit, and Luo Feng sat cross legged inside without moving at all.

In his realm of consciousness.

“HUAHUA~~” the marvelous galaxy transformed into a whirlpool. Water rotated like crazy inside, forming whirlpool after whirpool.

The whirlpool furiously spread out, and suddenly, the flowing water became much thinner, as if it became transparent.

Contract!

The originally spread out transparent curtain of water furiously contracted, becoming a gigantic, rotating ball of water! The ball of water was half transparent and had some weird, shining light in it. An extremely small amount of shattered dark golden pieces were mixed inside too, as they clearly haven’t dissolved yet.

Expand, contract!

Expand again, contract again!

The spiritual force in the form of ‘flowing water’ was like a heart. It contracted and expanded over and over again, as if it had its own life. In this special rhythm, the dark golden shattered pieces slowly dissolved, causing the flow of water to become more powerful.

“Expand, thin like a cicada’s wings”

“Contract, transparent ball of water”

“80th step complete!

“I can begin the 81st step now, the final step!” Luo Feng was a bit excited. This 81st step was the most important and most difficult step of ’81 spirits forging’.

In Luo Feng’s realm of consciousness.

A gigantic ball of water that was completely transparent continuously rotated, as if it was a rotating planet. There was no emanating mist, and the size of the ball of water didn’t change at all.

“Begin!”

And then Luo Feng started controlling it.

“RUMBLE~~”

In his infinite realm of consciousness, the hovering gigantic transparent ball of water started rumbling from its core. Spiritual force in the form of mist emanated out and eventually spread throughout the entire transparent ball of water! 10 portions of spiritual mist, 20 portions of spiritual mist, 30 portions…… gradually, the entire transparent ball of water was covered in spiritual mist.

Time passed slowly.

Under Luo Feng’s extremely delicate and precise control, the transparent ball of water continued to change slightly. The mist surrounding its surface became more and more powerful, and even formed a gigantic ball of mist. You couldn’t even see the ‘ball of water’ inside the ball of mist.

After who knows how long……

The super gigantic ball of mist was 100 times bigger than the ball of water.

“Still hasn’t separated yet, now’s the time!”

“EXPLODE!”

Luo Feng roared in his heart.

“BOOM!”

The super gigantic ball of mist in the infinite realm of consciousness furiously expanded in an instant! As if a supernova at the end of a star’s life, the gigantic ball of mist instantly exploded! Right when it exploded, it spread to every location in the entire realm of consciousness! Right after that, an extremely powerful suction power was born in the core of the realm of consciousness.

Collapse!

“Huhu~~”

Large amounts of mist and water, as if falling into a black hole, crazily gathered in the core!

“BUZZ!”

The entire realm of consciousness trembled!

Everything was empty. All the mist and water completely disappeared. In the vast, limitless realm of consciousness, only a ‘point of light’ was left in the core, as if there was only one planet in this vast, limitless universe. On the surface of this ‘planet’ was a layer of light, as if it was a ball of light.

In the core of the realm of consciousness, was just a single ball of light.

…..

This was a beautiful and dreamy ball of light. Other than the layer of light on its surface, the essence of this ball of light was large amounts of ‘pyramid’ shaped transparent crystals. The densely packed transparent crystals gathered together to become a planet! A shapeless, yet odd, wave continued to spread out from this ball of light.

Hu~~hu~~

In his realm of consciousness, only this ball of light continued to rotate. A formless energy spread out from it, filled Luo Feng’s entire body, and then spread outside of his body.

“I succeeded!”

“This is the star traveller level?”

“This ball of light is the core of a star traveller level fighter?” with a thought from Luo Feng, refined portions of spiritual force immediately spread out from the ball of light, covering his entire body.

In the auto jet.

At the instant Luo Feng’s ‘star traveller level spiritual force’ spread throughout his body, his originally calm body started to dramatically change! The bones, bone marrow, arteries, muscles, tendons, skin, etc. of his body started to undergo an incredible transformation. His body’s inherited genes also started to swiftly disassemble and reassemble!

A transformation of life!

This transformation was much larger than any change in the past! Back in archaeological ruin #9, the bald crystal person said that going from the student level to the ‘star traveller level’, is the transition of a life form! After reaching the star traveller level, you don’t need to breath and you can fly…….

Only having reached the star traveller level can fighters have the right to be called genetic fighters and spirit readers!

Only having reaching the star traveller level can you wander around in the universe and have the right to live! Without reaching this level, you won’t have the ability to wander around in the universe.

“This feeling, is splendid”

After his transformed spiritual force triggered the transformation in his body, Luo Feng felt like he has never been this amazed before. It’s like his body was a gigantic brute who has reached his limit and was unable to grow anymore, instantly transformed into a ‘baby’. The essence of his muscles, bones, and organs have changed!

A transformation of a life form!

“A student level fighter, from the student level one stage (beginner level warrior) to the student level nine stage (advanced level wargod), becomes stronger by building upon the genes that already exist. Once at the advanced level wargod level, the limit has been reached. If you don’t break past that limit, you will never become stronger”

“And once past it…..”

“I have stepped into the realm of a greater life form, the star traveller level one stage, and will gradually grow until the star traveller level nine stage”

…..

Deep into the night.

Many families have already fell asleep in Ming-Yue sector. The hatch of the auto jet that was parked on the lawn slowly opened.

Whoosh!

A human image soared into the sky and then hovered around 300 meters above ground. His black robe swayed in the wind. He wasn’t standing on anything; he simply hovered.

“This is the star traveller level?”

Luo Feng looked at the city below him while he focused on the ball of light in his realm of consciousness!

He finally realized the true power of the star traveller level. That ‘ball of light’ wasn’t just the core of his spiritual force, but it held a type of mysterious power! You could say it was a ‘miniature planet’: it rotated and had its own magnetic field. Because of this miniature planet in his realm of consciousness, Luo Feng no longer needed to breathe.

And Luo Feng can even control the magnetic field around him according to his own will!

If he can erase earth’s gravity, then naturally, he can hover!

If he changes the magnetic field around him, he can swiftly fly forward!

In otherwords–

every star traveller level fighter has their own ‘miniature planet’! They are the masters of this miniature planet! According to the star traveller level fighter’s will, they can change the strength and direction of their magnetic field! This way, they can naturally fly at will.

However, there is a limit as to how powerful the magnetic field of their ‘miniature planet’ can become, so there are limits to a star traveller level fighter’s flying speed.

“No wonder it was said that going from the student level to the star traveller level is a transition in life itself”

“There’s no doubt about it. A star traveller level has their own ‘miniature planet’, which can rotate by itself and has its own magnetic field. Maybe this ‘miniature planet’ is still weak, but as the miniature planet grows, it will naturally help its master, the ‘star traveller level fighter’, even more”

“Only powerful fighters with their own ‘miniature planet’ can be counted as real people of the universe” thought Luo Feng to himself with amazement.

……

The dark night.

Luo Feng hovered above the city with both of his arms spread out!

“The spiritual force was combined into a ‘tiny crystal planet’. My mind strengthened quite a bit because of how densely packed the planet is” Luo Feng was extremely happy. A person with a weak body and mind could faint at any time, while someone with a powerful body will be able to stay awake!

And after his spiritual force, which used to exist in the form of a flowing river, was forged into the ‘miniature planet’.

Luo Feng’s mind strengthened by quite a bit.

However, chances like these are very rare. A transformation in life occurs when one goes from the student level nine stage to the star traveller level, the star traveller level nine stage to the star level, the star level nine stage to the universe level, only transformations like these are a transformation in life itself. Only transformations like these can strengthen the mind. Other than cases like these, you won’t have a chance to strengthen your mind.

“Soaring shuttle!”

with a thought from Luo Feng.

The 365 blade pieces merged into his black vest swiftly flew out and assembled into the soaring shuttle as it appeared below Luo Feng’s feet.

“I’ll form a magnetic field around my body”

“And add my spiritual force for a force of propulsion!”

“And I’ll also step on the soaring shuttle!”

“I wonder what level my flying speed will reach!” in the sky above Yang Zhou city, Luo Feng, who was like a spirit in the night, instantly left behind an after image, as if teleportation, and directly disappeared from his original position.


Chapter 204: Extra Reward

This is the first time that Luo Feng isn’t restricted by the gravity of earth. The feeling of being able to fly however he pleases was quite splendid.

Night, wilderness.

Luo Feng hovered in midair and then lowered his head as he looked at his mini quantum computer: “Thankfully I have this mini quantum computer, I’ll test my speed!”

The mini quantum computer was a necessity for members of Yun Mo planet. Its capabilities far surpass earth’s ‘tactical communications watches’. The mini quantum computer is able to evaluate the basic strength of fighters from the student level to the universe level. It can also scan the surroundings within a certain radius, test speed, test the power of an attack, etc.

“I’ll test all of my flying speeds under different conditions!”

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Luo Feng, who was wearing black, flew across the sky like lightning over and over again, his speed differing each time.

In just a few moments, he finished all of his testing.

In the first situation, he didn’t form a magnetic field and didn’t use his soaring shuttle. He only used his spiritual force, and his speed reached 912 m/s!

In the second situation, he didn’t use the soaring shuttle but formed a magnetic field and used his spiritual force. Most spirit readers do this. Luo Feng’s speed reached 1,223 m/s.

In the third situation, which is Luo Feng’s best, he let everything explode: the soaring shuttle, magnetic field, and spiritual force! His speed reached an astonishing 2,412 m/s.

“The difference between using and not using the soaring shuttle is completely different” Luo Feng himself was shocked by the numbers, “an average star traveller level one stage spirit reader has an average speed of 1,200 m/s. With the soaring shuttle, my speed was able to reach 2,400 m/s. My speed was completely doubled”

Luo Feng was clear that the faster you fly, the more resistance you encounter. So it would be extremely difficult to increase your speed starting from 1,200 m/s. And don’t even think about doubling your speed. Even star traveller level four stages or five stages wouldn’t be able to reach such an astonishing level of speed.

From this–

We can see the power of the ‘soaring shuttle’.

“A spiritual weapon really does greatly increase the strength of a spirit reader” Luo Feng was amazed.

“Let me test my current attack power”

With a thought, one of the blade pieces of the soaring shuttle came out and ‘whoosh’, under the effects of the spiritual force, instantly transformed into a flowing light and cruelly smashed into an old gas station on the ruined highway. The gas station was like tofu as the blade piece directly created a hole by piercing through. A powerful shockwave exploded, causing most of the broken gas station to collapse.

Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at the display of the mini quantum computer.

“Attack power: Star traveller level one stage 28% (spirit reader)”

This made Luo Feng smile.

There was an introduction in the mini quantum computer. The ‘highest value’ of a star traveller level one stage’s attack power is double the amount of the ‘lowest value’. The lowest attack power of a star traveller level one stage (spirit reader) is about one million kg! And the highest value is two million kg!

And star traveller level one stage 28% (spirit reader), means that Luo Feng’s blade piece’s attack was around 1.28 million kg!

“I just entered the star traveller level one stage and my blade piece is already so powerful, not bad” Luo Feng himself was quite satisfied.

According to the introduction on the mini quantum computer…..

After stepping into the star traveller stage, spirit readers and genetic fighters differ greatly!

Genetic fighters’ power come from the ‘power of their body’ and ‘genetic energy’. After stepping into the star traveller stage, their genetic energy can be released! Their genetic attacks can reach one million kg, and their physical attacks can reach one million kg too! So a star traveller level one stage (fighter) has a range of two million kg–four million kg.

Double the spirit reader’s range!

It seems like fighters are more powerful!

However, keep in mind….. that in terms of battle ability amplifiers, it would be good for fighters to have an amplifier of four or five. ‘Thunder God’, who has the highest battle ability amplifier on earth, only has an amplifier of seven!

And Luo Feng? After stepping into the star traveller stage, his battle ability amplifier is already 16!

And the advantage in flying speed….. furthermore, spirit readers also train their genetic energy! Since you need a powerful body to withstand spiritual force.

“Now, I’ll test the power of my soaring shuttle’s first form, ‘mountain drill’”

…..

In the dark night, a golden light drew past, which caused a series of rumbling explosions.

“Attack power: star traveller level one stage 28% (spirit reader), battle ability amplifier 36!” after reading the numbers on the display, Luo Feng felt great.

An amplifier of 36!

Thunder God is only at seven, and the other star traveller level on earth is only at 14, which is a huge difference from his own.

Even though Luo Feng used 12 portions of spiritual force, which is equivalent to a battle ability amplifier of 12, to activate the ‘mountain drill first stage’, the ‘mountain drill’ can triple the power of the spiritual force Luo Feng merges into it! So that’s why the battle ability amplifier reached an astonishing ’36’.

“According to what the bald crystal person said, most of the star travellers on earth are at the star traveller level one stage. A few of them are at the star traveller level two stage and there are two star traveller level three stages! Only Hong and Thunder God are higher than that”

“Two star traveller level three stage fighters! They probably aren’t that much more powerful than me, and my flying speed is probably faster than theirs”

…..

“Now I’ll see how many small weapons I can control” with this time’s transformation, Luo Feng felt his mind become much stronger. He just doesn’t know….. exactly how much stronger it has become!

With a thought.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Blade pieces left the soaring shuttle one by one as they circled Luo Feng at their maximum speed. Each blade piece held Luo Feng’s maximum attack power.

One blade piece, two, three…… sixteen, seventeen, eighteen!

“I can’t get the power of the 19th blade piece up”

“18 blade pieces”

The smile on Luo Feng’s face became brighter and brighter, “18…..”

“Doesn’t that mean I can start training the second stage of the first form inSoaring Sky?”

The first main form of the soaring shuttle has three stages. The first form requires one to be able to control 12 small weapons to train. The second stage requires control over 18 small weapons. The third stage requires control over 24 small weapons! It is extremely hard to strengthen the mind. Luo Feng had to rely on the star traveller’s transformation to be able to strengthen his mind.

In the future, he can only train one step at a time.

“The power of the first stage is already so great”

“What about the second stage?”

“Even if it’s also triple the power, 18 multiplied by 3, which is an amplifier of 54! Besides Hong and Thunder God, I can beat everyone in one hit!”

Raising his throwing knife count from 16 to 18 is an extra reward from stepping into the star traveller level! And this reward allowed Luo Feng to directly start the first main form’s second stage in Soaring Sky. However…… after he actually started practicing it, Luo Feng discovered that it was way too difficult.

Back when he could control 16 throwing knives, the requirement of the first stage was merely “12 throwing knives”. And just learning that took him a few hours and tens of thousands of failures!

This time, Luo Feng barely met the requirement…..

January 2nd, failure!

January 3rd, still failed!

January 4th, once again, failure!

Luo Feng finally realized the difficulty of practicing Soaring Sky. However, even though it’s hard…… once he succeeds, Luo Feng’s spot as the third most powerful fighter under Hong and Thunder God will be secured. As for now…… even though Luo Feng has confidence in defeating the third and fourth chairmen, he will have difficulty in killing them in one hit!

It’s just that his strength is near them.

…..

January 5th, the day that Luo Feng becomes an investigator.

Dawn.

Above the ocean, a blood red colored triangular fighter jet swiftly flew past. This fighter jet was indeed Hong’s unique ‘Prehistoric level auto jet”

Inside the jet.

The black clothed ‘Hong’ and the white robed ‘Thunder God’ were both sitting on chairs.

“Brother Hong, you better not fight over the good parts of the misty island with me” said Thunder God.

“Good parts? If you want to talk about the good parts, how about we get rid of that grand emperor level monster first” Hong glanced at Thunder God and then picked up a tea cup and sipped a bit as he sighed, “This grand emperor level monster is the third grand emperor on earth. Even though it just appeared, it can perform perfectly on land, water, and underground”

“Well, there are difficulties to deal with. This misty island definitely has some huge treasures”

Thunder God said with dissatisfaction, “Even if we ignore those spirits of nature, you discovered the ‘cloud contact vine’ on this misty island. According to the data we’ve read in the archaeological ruins, this cloud contact vine….. even in the vast universe, is an extremely rare treasure. With the cloud contact vine, brother Hong’s strength is probably going to increase by quite a bit”

“The cloud contact vine is still growing, right now it can probably increase my strength by around 50%” the black clothed Hong let out a rare smile”

“50%!”

“Brother Hong, you are already invincible in the star traveller level. With another 50%! And the more the cloud contact vine grows, the more effective it becomes” Thunder God couldn’t help but to say, “A cloud contact vine appeared in the misty island, and an extremely powerful monster we’ve never seen before came out of nowhere. This must be because there are treasures in the misty island, which attracted so many monsters”

Hong slightly nodded.

“Yeah”

“Back when Luo Feng discovered the misty island, there were large amounts of monsters in the surrounding lake. Back then, I was confused….. why were there so many monsters gathered in that lake? However, my thoughts were all on the cloud contact vine. After I took away the ‘cloud contact vine’, I quickly looked through the misty island. Since I didn’t find anything, I left”

“Now that I look at it–”

“Not only are there tons of horde leader level monsters in that lake, a ‘grand emperor’ appeared” frowned Hong, “It seems like it has an octopus-like shape, so it clearly belongs in the water or underground. Normally, monsters at the grand emperor level should enter the limitless sea. And yet, this monster is staying underground a few thousand meters below the misty island”

“Spirits of nature, cloud contact vine, grand emperor…..”

“This misty island is indeed special” Hong looked towards Thunder God and slightly smiled, “However, everyone has a chance for the treasures in the misty island. Don’t worry, I won’t find over them with you. But you also know…… that things in places like archaeological ruins cannot be obtained with just strength alone. Luck is also a factor”

Thunder God slightly smiled and then laughed: “After I finish participating in your Dojo of Limits’ investigator ceremony, I’ll be staying in the misty island. I don’t believe….. that I won’t be able to get any treasures”

“Even if you keep staying there, I’ll be there too. We’ll just have to see which of us brothers is luckier” Hong slightly smiled.

“Greedy”

Thunder God only said that one word.


Chapter 205: The Sixth Investigator

Yang Zhou city’s Ming-Yue sector. Dawn, the sun was rising.

“Dad, be careful, don’t go so fast” Luo Feng held his father Luo Hong Guo, and Luo Hong Guo shakily walked on the path of the sector one step at a time.

“Hello, representative Luo”

A young fighter in the sector saw Luo Feng and let out a face of admiration as he greeted respectfully. However, he thought to himself in his heart with shock: “Representative Luo is already an existence surpassing the wargod level and is able to sit on an equal level with the leaders of the five countries, and yet, he’s personally assisting his father”

On the cobblestone path on the lawn, Luo Feng held his father.

“Feng, your identity is different from before. You don’t need to be with me. Don’t we have servants at home?” said Luo Hong Guo quietly, “Look, quite a few old neighbors have already told me in secret. Feng, you’re already a ‘representative’. Pay attention to your identity”

“I’m a representative, and you’re a ‘representative’s father’, so you’re still bigger than me” laughed Luo Feng.

Luo Hong Guo couldn’t help but to shake his head and laugh.

Luo Feng felt a bit helpless inside after seeing how much trouble his father had with walking. Back when Li Yao and Venina was dealing with his family, his father almost lost his life. Even though he luckily escaped death, his father’s waist and spine are heavily injured. He tried getting some medicines, but their effects weren’t that great.

And now, his father’s legs are powerless.

“If that thousand year black crow root was still there, my dad would probably fully recover after consuming it a bit. Sadly, my brother sold the ‘thousand year black crow root’ to other people” Luo Feng didn’t blame his brother. If his brother didn’t rely on the ‘thousand year black crow root’ to become the ‘eighth largest stockholder of ICBC’, his family would probably be in even worse condition”

“Even if I’m a star traveller level fighter, getting a spirit of nature is no easy task” Luo Feng was in a bind. At the same time, he was amazed at his own luck back then, being able to get so many spirits of nature in one go. After that, he exchanged most of his stars for the ‘soaring shuttle’.

Noon.

“Feng, can we see your investigator ceremony on this channel?” in the living room, Luo Feng’s parents, his brother Luo Hua and Luo Hua’s girlfriend Zhen Nan, and even Zhen Nan’s parents were here.

“This specialized channel”

Luo Feng nodded and smiled, “The investigator ceremony begins at 2 PM”. Today is the day that an investigator is appointed, which is something major for the Dojo of Limits. It is a public ceremony! However, even though we say it’s public, it’s only public to the higher ups of each country.

Regular fighters and citizens aren’t too clear about the situation of ‘existences surpassing the wargod level’.

“Dad, mom, I’ll be going first”

At the same time, Luo Feng turned towards Zhen Nan’s parents and smiled as he nodded. Zhen Nan’s parents’ hearts started beating faster. This young man in front of them is an ‘existence surpassing the wargod level’, who has who knows how many more times authority than the CEO of the company they work at.

…..

1/5/2059, 2 PM sharp. In a huge conference room in the Dojo of Limits world headquarters, the investigator ceremony officially began.

“Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Dojo of Limits world headquarters investigator ceremony. Today, participating in this ceremony is….. head of the Dojo of Limits world headquarters, ‘Hong’” the host on the stage introduced loudly. Instantly, the camera was faced towards the one sitting in the middle seat of the front row, ‘Hong’.

“Head of the Thunder Dojo world headquarters ‘Thunder God’”

“Third chairman of the Palace of Wargods, ‘Mo Henderson’”

“Fourth chairman of the Palace of Wargods, “Eastbourne’”

…..

The major figures quietly sat on their seats. And now, the 3D hologram on the stage started displaying the images of each guest.

“The last one I will introduce is the one to receive the position of investigator at the Dojo of Limits world headquarters, representative Luo Feng!” suddenly, the 3D hologram displayed Luo Feng’s image. “This is the first time I had to memorize so many representatives’ names” said Luo Feng quietly.

“The investigator ceremony is a rare chance for representatives to gather together” smiled Liu He, who was sitting beside Luo Feng, “Even the two heads will participate in this ceremony. The other three chairmen will participate too. Most representatives….. unless they have something urgent to do, will all come”

Luo Feng nodded.

“We have invited instructor ‘Jiang Nian’ from the Yi-An region in Jiang-Nan headquarter city’s Yang Zhou city, who is Luo Feng’s first instructor” yelled the host. Suddenly, music started playing and instructor Jiang Nian, who was clearly a bit nervous, swiftly stood up from the back of the conference hall and quickly walked towards the stage.

When he saw Jiang Nian, Luo Feng was a bit stunned.

Even instructor Jiang Nian was invited?

“Liu He, what is this ceremony like?” asked Luo Feng quietly, “In the past two days, Yang Zhou city’s chief instructor ‘Wu Tong’, and my brothers Chen Gu and Zhang Ke have been invited here. Will they appear on stage today too?”

“This ceremony will introduce your ‘glorious feats’ starting from the beginning” Liu He smiled as he said softly, “Don’t rush, it’s just beginning! In the middle, some songs, dance performances, etc. will be mixed in. These are the world’s best singers, dancers, etc.”

Indeed–

This so called ceremony is basically an ‘introduction to an investigator’s past’.

From Luo Feng living in a rental house and bitterly training in the Dojo (Jiang Nian steps on stage), to his first ‘fighter combat exam’ (Wu Tong steps on stage), to his first time into the wilderness with the fire hammer squad (the members of the fire hammer squad all come on stage), to his training in the elite training camp (teacher Jiang Fang steps on stage) …..

All of the things were positively introduced.

The entire ceremony gave Luo Feng the image of a ‘perfect genius fighter’.

“Don’t you think you’re majestic” laughed Liu He quietly.

“A bit, even I want to praise myself a bit” smiled Luo Feng.

The various performances in the middle of the ceremony were the best on earth. The masters on stage would express their praise or respects to ‘representative Luo Feng’. Some female singers even secretly expressed their admiration and love. The entire ceremony was planned to go on for about two hours or so.

…..

The investigator ceremony was ending and entering the conclusion.

“Representative Luo, representative Luo” a voice carried from the seat behind.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng turned his head in confusion. An old man with white hair on the seat behind him smiled as he said: “It’s me, Liu Yan”

“Old Liu, this is?” Luo Feng clearly remembered that the person sitting behind him wasn’t Liu Yan back when the seating order was arranged….. he clearly just swapped seats.

“Representative Luo, do you still remember that you wanted us to help find your parents’ relatives before you entered archaeological ruin #9?” said Liu Yan.

“Oh, yeah”

Luo Feng nodded. His father and mother’s biggest wish is to find the various relatives and friends they lost back in the Grand Nirvana period. Right when Luo Feng received the title of examiner, he asked someone to help him. Who would’ve thought that the news would arrive after a year.

“Did you find something?” asked Luo Feng.

“We found a bit” said Liu Yan quietly. He apologized: “Because of the formation of headquarter cities, lots of data was lost. It was indeed hard to investigate. We spent quite a bit of energy to search back then….. but during our investigations, representative Luo seemed to be stuck in archaeological ruin #9, so the investigations were halted. Only until representative Luo’s massive increase in power recently were we able to mobilize more resources for the investigation”

“I understand” nodded Luo Feng.

Of course there is no need to waste too much energy for a dead wargod.

And when Luo Feng became a ‘representative level fighter’, the country’s special forces immediately used more of their resources to investigate, which led to greatly increased efficiency.

“I want to know how many of my parents’ relatives are still alive” continued Luo Feng.

His parents were both born after the year of 2000.

Both of them were orphans, so the friends his parents had were his parents’ cousins.

“We have found two of them” said Liu Yan quietly, “One of them is your father’s cousin, ‘Tang Cheng’, and the other is your mother’s cousin, ‘Gong Xin Hua’. The mother of your father’s cousin ‘Tang Cheng’ is still alive, which is your father’s aunt, ‘Luo Hong Qin’! Of course, she is representative Luo’s great-aunt”

Luo Feng froze.

When he was small, his parents frequently mention this great-aunt ‘Luo Hong Qin’ when they talk about their relatives. His great-aunt is not much older than his father ‘Luo Hong Guo’. She would frequently bring father Luo Hong Guo around to play and even bought snacks for him.

Who would’ve thought that she’s still alive.

As for mother’s cousin ‘Gong Xin Hua’, Luo Feng heard his mother talk about her before, but mother didn’t say much.

“As for the other relatives, we are still investigating” said Liu Yan.

“Thank you” nodded Luo Feng.

“I will transfer the data to representative Luo later” smiled Liu Yan.

Indeed–

Even though many people died in the grand nirvana period back then, his parents had quite a few relatives, so it was highly unlikely for all of them to die. And now, two of them have been found. After his parents know that, they will surely be overjoyed.

“Everyone”

“This is the most important part of this ceremony. Representative Luo, please!” yelled the host loudly.

Luo Feng stood up and, while the music played, walked up the stage under the eyes of all the guests from all parts of the world. The host slightly bowed towards Luo Feng and then continued: “Below, we will have to invite the world’s number one person, the head of our Dojo of Limits ‘Hong’, who shall personally name Mr. Luo Feng as the sixth investigator of the Dojo of Limits”. Instantly, the applause started.

The black clothed Hong walked up the stage.

Hong stood besides Luo Feng.

“Head” Luo Feng looked towards Hong.

Hong slightly moved his hand and the ‘Limits Investigation Order’ that symbolized the authority of an investigator appeared out of thin air on his hand. When Hong looked at Luo Feng carefully, he couldn’t help but to be a little surprised: “Luo Feng, you broke through?”

Under the eyes of the various powerful fighters below the stage.

The air between Hong and Luo Feng slightly curved, completely blocking all sound.

“I just broke through recently” smiled Luo Feng as he answered.

“A star traveller level spirit reader flies extremely quickly. You also have the soaring shuttle, so your flying speed should be even more amazing. What level has your speed reached?” Hong’s eyes were shining.

“Head, what star traveller level?” said Luo Feng curiously on purpose.

“I’ll tell you that later” followed Hong, “What is your flying speed?”

Luo Feng didn’t hide it: “Over 2,400 m/s”

“Wow, over 2,400 m/s? That’s way faster than the fourth chairman ‘Eastbourne’! In terms of flying speed, you now rank #3 on earth. Only slower than me and Thunder God” Hong slightly nodded his head, “After this ceremony, prepare to go to the misty island with me. With your speed, your life will not be endangered”

“The misty island?” Luo Feng became even more confused.

“Talk about that after the ceremony” as he said that, Hong passed over the ‘Limit Investigation Order’ in his hand to Luo Feng.

Luo Feng accepted it seriously!

As of now, Luo Feng has become one of the six investigators of the Dojo of Limits!


Chapter 206: Stationing at the Misty Island

After the ceremony ended.

The Dojo of Limits’ Headquarters, which was an enormous spaceship construct. Within it, lay a metal passageway.

The man in black ‘Hong’ walked ahead, with Luo Feng following behind him.

KA!

The metal door opened automatically for Hong and Luo Feng to enter, before closing by itself after.

“Luo Feng, this is your first time in my Dojo of Limits Headquarters. Have you have ever thought about whether this Giant Spaceship construct is really a flying ship, or just modeled after one, incapable of flight?” Hong spoke. Luo Feng smiled a little before answering, “I’ve had my guesses, but only a slight suspicion.”

“I’m telling you, this is a real interstellar spaceship.” Hong said.

“Really?”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but be astonished as he surveyed the passageway. Hong proceeded to move into a secret room, and Luo Feng naturally followed.

The room was empty except for a large display screen.

“This is a damaged interstellar warship.” Hong’s expression was quiet and calm as he continued, “When I discovered it many years ago, it was already damaged and unable to fly in the universe. However, while this warship seem like an empty shell, it’s defensive capabilities still far exceed any of Earth’s military constructs.”

“In future, once I have the ability and resources, I will get it flying again.”

“It will become an interstellar warship for the Dojo of Limits Headquarters! Even lasers would not be able to attack this interstellar warship.” Hong gestured towards the display screen and it began to light up, displaying a shot of the universe. “This universe, isn’t as simple as what we earthlings and commoners think.”

“We people of Earth can get so arrogant at times.”

“Even on dry land, we have yet to discover every form of animals and plants. The sea has so much more to discover too. All of this means that we have not even fully explored our Earth. Yet, people can say with full confidence, that there’s no other intelligent life forms besides us in the universe. Isn’t that just a joke?” Hong looked towards Luo Feng as he speaked.

Luo Feng smiled as he nodded.

Indeed…

Ancient civilizations of Man thought that the Earth was flat, and only discovered later on that it was in fact round. Ancient civilizations of man thought that the Earth was the center, and that the Sun revolved around it. It wasn’t till later, that they learnt everything revolved around the sun!

Man tended to believe that when he learnt any new information, he understood and knew everything.

It’s not only till later when he learns more that he realizes how ridiculously wrong he was before.

Without even a grasp of Earth’s many species of life and principles, he bases on simple deductions that the whole universe and milky way, and even further cannot have any other forms of intelligent life other than man!

“How dogmatic.”

“What a joke.”

“The endless seas have yet to be fully explored by Man.”

“What’s more, the universe is so much bigger than the sea, a trillion times maybe? Not even close! The limitless universe, can’t possibly be judged by the humans on earth. Isn’t this synonymous with the story of the frog in the well, thinking that the world and sky is only as big as his well?” Hong shook his head, “The civilizations that exist in the universe, race and ethnicities, are complex and mysterious beyond compare.”

“Luo Feng, look at the screen. These are the true ranks of the military, spiritual and scholarly level.

Hong pointed at the screen.

The screen displayed detailed analysis of the military, spiritual study ranks, apprentice level, star traveller level, star level, universe rank! Every rank had 9 levels! In addition, the screen video even displayed the star traveller’s champion, the star level’s champion and even the Universe level’s champions and strengths.

“My god.” Luo Feng was completely dumbfounded.

Even the bald headed crystal people know that the universe level champions are scary, but looking at the screen, it was clearly one a different level altogether!

“A whole city turned to ashes just like that?”

“Meteorite?”

“What is that, white dwarf star?” Luo Feng exclaimed as a white planet was displayed on the screen. The screen showed a recording of a white planet with 2 fighters, landing on the planet to duel hand to hand. There was even an introduction on the side stating that that land had a gravitational pull that was 3 hundred million times of earth!

A gravitational pull of 3 hundred million times!

Luo Feng could get up to a 1000 times normal gravity in the elite ancient civilization training room. Yet, this was in no way close to 300 million at all.

300 million, this wasn’t simply just another number.

Under such terrifying gravitational pull, even atoms will get pulled down and crushed. Going by human’s law of physics, there was no way any human could live and battle on the White Dwarf planet.

“Battling on the White Dwarf Planet.”

“Unbelievable isn’t it. However, the mystery behind the true limits of man’s body, can it really be measured by science? Can they even fathom that our bodies within can have a miniature planet, that they can generate magnetic fields? A body can only weigh as much as a few hundred kilograms, yet a punch can generate a few kilotons of strength, does this adhere to Earth’s “physics or science?” Hong spoke indifferently.

The deeper one digs into research, the more he realizes he knows nothing.

Luo Feng agreed strongly with that.

The video left Luo Feng completely shocked.

Regardless of what the bald crystal person said, this video alone was way more shocking.

“This is the a video of the universe level champions battling, the only record and video of universe level champions fighting that I have.” Hong watched the video, eyes filled with a sense of longing, “Universe level champions could cross the universe and fight barehanded with warships! They can even live on the White Dwarf Planet. Destroying earth and man would be as easy as eating a bowl of rice to these champions!”

“Star Traveller champions, in the universe, could at best be a bodyguard or lackey, just to get some pay and eat.”

“Star level Champions are the important ones.”

“Universe level Champions, those are the most important and revered champions, almost like emperors and rulers. They could randomly join a universe army and instantly own large portions of space and land, commanding more than a thousand troops and people.” Hong spoke in a calm voice, but with a very slight shudder, that was so subtle it was hard to detect.

Hong turned and faced Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was staring intensely at the screen, thinking how impossible it was to battle under 3 hundred million times gravity. However, according to the bald crystal person, out of countless planets’ geniuses, only one universe level champion will be there.

“Luo Feng.” Hong said with a deep voice.

“Head.” Luo Feng looked towards Hong.

“Your brain vigor is really high, and even though I have no means to fully test your abilities, the special test you’ve experienced in archaeological ruin #9 is enough proof of that.” Hong said with a deep voice, “You are a genius, and while at the universe level it may not seem like much, at least here on earth, there is no doubt your genius level is the highest!”

Hong stared at Luo Feng: “The Thunder god and I, are the most talented fighters. We are the strongest on earth. Your mental abilities are the earth’s greatest, but I hope you do not relax even for a minute. Don’t ever get arrogant just because you’ve become the earth’s greatest.”

“In the vast universe, we are but human, just inhabitants from another planet.”

“The earth’s position and status relies on us to fight for!”

“Even the future fate of earth and man relies on us!” Hong stared intensely at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng nodded his head profusely: “Understood, head!”

It was only then that Luo Feng truly understood why Hong and Thunder God were already so much stronger than everybody else. They never relaxed for a moment and are constantly upgrading themselves.

That day.

Hong brought Luo Feng and both got on their respective auto jets to leave for Australia’s ‘Misty Island’. Even though he had received Liu Yan’s relatives’ information, his father’s body was currently not fully recovered and unable to travel far for a visit. Once the information was known, there was no doubt his parents would rush over.

This was why Luo Feng had yet to give the information to his parents. “Just a little longer, the right time will come once my father’s body recovers. I’ve already waited 20 over years, so another half a year won’t make much of a difference”

……

A red triangular battleship appeared, with a dark blue triangular battleship following behind.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were all sitting in the red triangular battleship.

“We arrived at the misty island.” Hong exclaimed.

The projection within the cabin of the plane had already shown the image of the entire plains below. Luo Feng looked at the perimeters of the lake below. Surrounding the huge lake were large numbers of flying warships, triangular warships etc. There were even several bases under construction.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but be shocked.: “Head, is this Misty Island?”

“Of course it’s Misty Island.” Hong nodded.

“But, but…” Luo Feng looked at the three virtual projections on the screens and it was indeed Misty Island. He was stunned.

There was no mist anymore on Misty Island, in fact, even the island was gone.

All that was left was a mist covered lake!

No mist, no island…was this the same misty island from before?

“The coordinates are right.” Luo Feng looked at his communicator watch’s coordinates, and got an even bigger shock.

“Once the misty island’s long vine was taken by me, the mist naturally dissipated.” Hong explained, “As for the island. In the big war not long ago, it got destroyed in the battle. The land got destroyed and everything was swallowed by the water.”

“Destroyed an entire island?” Luo Feng said alarmed.

What kind of battle could destroy an island that had a 10 km radius?

Afraid that it was the war on the level of the long vine.

“Luo Feng!”

Dressed in white, the Thunder God bellowed as he pointed into the fog towards the lake, “This island’s lake is strange. There’s a huge amount of water creatures that are really strong! In fact, there’s even one with 13 tentacles. It was us who discovered the earth’s third monster king.”

“Monster emperor?” Luo Feng couldn’t believe it.

That lake…

If one were to ever get too close, one would definitely lose his life. If there was a monster higher than the king level, one would definitely be killed.

“This misty island is really special.”

Hong continued seriously, “A small island like this, could produce so many spirits of nature! It could even produce the long vine, what a scary existence! The lake’s creatures were also far more fearsome and mysterious, much more than the oceans, and there’s also this Monster Emperor.”

“The long vine, various spirits of nature and the monster emperor, they are all gathered here!”

“All the powers in the earth consider this place as a wonder!”

Previous discoveries by the ancient civilizations have never been so crazy or big. This discovery would shake the earth. Hong pointed to the lake’s surroundings, “Look at those spaceships and the bases. They all belong to the 5 great nations, each having their own base and some representative champions.”

“The number of laser cannons exceed 20 around this lake!” Hong said towards Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was shocked.

Lasers that could kill emperor level monsters, more than 20 just here?

“Whoever gets the treasure, depends all on luck.” Hong ordered, “If you have no interest, just go back. If you do however, set up around Misty Island’s surroundings. I do not however have any place to look after you, go back to your auto jet.”

“Alright.”

Luo Feng nodded his head, and proceeded in that direction.

“Remember, if you ever meet the Monster Emperor, do not rely on brawn against it. Use your speed to get further away.” Hong ordered, before leaving the cabin.

……

Jumping off the ship and landing on the endless wild plains, all that could be seen was a white mist.

Compared to a year ago, the change was too drastic. Nothing of the old Misty Island remained.

“Misty Island, what exactly are you hiding for which all the major powers of the world are here?” Luo Feng sighed and turned towards his own dark blue auto jet, “Hong and Thunder God are here, I hardly stand any chance of getting the treasure with them around. I’d be better off by the sidelines watching the show while practicing the first and second stages of the soaring shuttle .

Luo Feng wasn’t greedy.

Man’s gift was his self-awareness. With the gathering of the 5 great countries, different bases and the 2 great dojo heads, plus the monster emperor, what place did he have among all these? How can he, Luo Feng compete with everybody present here for treasures.


Chapter 207: 3,500m below the earth

The auto jet floated high above in the air.

Luo Feng looked down from above, one after another, small fighter jets were spread out across the perimeters of the huge lake. Some were there to construct laser cannons, while others had special apparatus for exploration and to monitor the situation at the lake. Whatever the case, a large number of workers, under the protection of a group of warriors, had begun their work! Meanwhile, there wasn’t a sight of a single living monster within a span of tenths of Li close to the lake.

Other than these small fighter jets, there were six other enormous spaceships for passengers.

“The whole world and it’s countries have arranged for how many people and horses?”

Luo Feng sighed with emotion.

A country’s ability to command and rally was definitely on a different level. Just an order and all kinds of facilities and construction, along with talents and elites were deployed and gathered over here.

……

“Command Headquarters, Command Headquarters, I am number 03, I am number 03, situation normal, situation normal.”

“Command Headquarters, Command Headquarters, I am number 08, I am number 08, directional adjustment is complete, directional adjustment is complete.”

A large number of news and reports were flowing into the command headquarters.

An enormous blood red disc shaped passenger plane stopped at about 1500m away from the lake’s shores. This was the exact center of the whole Misty Island Lake, where Hua Xia’s men and horses were stationed and based. This was the Command Headquarters.

The 6 enormous disc shaped passenger planes were spaced 1cm apart, lined up majestically on the lake’s shores. They each came from different places, Hua Xia, Soviet Russia, India, America and even the European HR Alliance. The construction cost of each of these huge disc shaped passenger planes were extremely expensive, normal bases couldn’t even afford it, or just couldn’t spare the money to do so.

There were even times where the 5 great nations and the HR Alliance picked and shared one of these huge disc shaped passenger planes to land at the lake’s shores, using it as a shared base of operations.

With its great defensive capabilities and high mobility, it was indeed the optimum base of operations.

……

“I’d better get serious and finish the 2nd level of the soaring shuttle.” Luo Feng was excited and curious, on one hand observing the course of events below while preparing to begin his training on the other.

Suddenly, the mini quantum computer on his arm lit up and began to vibrate slightly.

“Wei, how are you.” Luo Feng answered the call.

“I am Jia Yi, may I have the honor of inviting representative Luo Feng for a meeting?” a prominent but gentle voice came through.

“Jia Yi? Are you here now?” Luo Feng’s emotions stirred.

“Luo Feng, being up in the air, you should be able to see that Misty Island’s shore has a total of 6 huge disc shaped passenger planes right? The blood red one is exactly where our Hua Xia’s base of operations is located in. I’m in that one. I’ve already arranged for people to welcome you at the entrance of the base.” Jia Yi was very enthusiastic about the meeting.

“I’ll be there immediately.”

Luo Feng flew directly out of his auto jet and headed towards the blood red disc shaped passenger plane.

“Testing battle ability, student class ninth level and above display.” Luo Feng turned the communicator straight towards the passenger spaceship.

Suddenly, the screen from his arm’s mini quantum computer displayed a message.

“Oh, 4 representatives? As high as the 12 wargods?”

“We at Hua Xia have always been pretty strong.” Luo Feng was secretly shocked.

Luo Feng flew and landed at the entrance of the passenger spaceship. A pretty and girl with nice facial features humbly approached: “Representative Luo Feng, Please follow me.” Following the welcome girl into the walkways of the passenger spaceship, the girl explained: “This passageway has already been reconstructed to the ‘laser path’, if there were to be an intruder in here, he would be immediately shot to death. Please hold on a minute.”

“Di, Di, Di!”

The red security light originally shining above the passageway sounded 3 times before going off.

“The commanders are all gathered at the top floor cabin of the ship.” The welcoming girl pointed towards the stairs, of which Luo Feng looked up towards. The metal door at the end of the stairs was close, and it was guarded by 2 wargods.

“Even the guards are wargods.” Luo Feng was secretly surprised.

“Pleasure to see representative Luo.” The 2 guards humbly bowed.

Hua! The metal door opened.

Luo Feng walked directly in, this particular circular hall had already been completely remodeled. It didn’t have a single passenger chair, but was fully equipped with the world’s leading technological facilities, even some of the ancient civilization’s equipment was excavated and installed in here. In the middle of the circular room, was a round slightly protruding stage, and on this round metal stage, stood 4 warriors in full battle armor.

They were not young at all, one even had a full head of white hair.

“Luo Feng.”

“Representative Luo.”

The 4 men were laughing excitedly as they walked over, led by the skinniest middle aged man who laughed: “Luo Feng, have you broken through?”

“Oh, I broke through a few days ago.” Luo Feng nodded, obviously directed to the fact that he flew over himself without his battle weapon, letting the 4 representatives know that he had officially broken through to the star traveller level. Immediately, the attitudes was drastically different. The representatives in the past didn’t have that much respect for Luo Feng, but now that he had broken through…

Even before breaking through, he had the ability to kill Li Yao.

Now that he had broken through, how powerful had he become? He definitely was a champion amongst the representatives, how could they not be passionate and friendly with him?

“Mr Jia Yi, ever since I knew of Representative Jia’s achievements, I’ve always wanted to meet you. When I was on patrol previously, I didn’t get to meet Mr Jia Yi, now it’s finally happened.” Luo Feng laughed. This was hardly a compliment, ever since his status had risen, he had access to many people’s files and records.

Especially once he saw Jia Yi’s files, Luo Feng had since then respected this person!

Jia Yi, was quite a legend.

Jia Yi’s father’s generation, grandfather’s generation were all military men.

Even Jia Yi’s old grandfather, once fought in the 8 year war, resisting the US and assisting North Korea! This was a family of military personnel, and yet Jia Yi was fraught with illness when he was young. He had a poor constitution and was small and skinny. However, during the Great Nirvana, that was Jia Yi’s time! There were so many legendary stories of his rescues, saving over 10 million Hua Xia people!

During the Great Nirvana, warriors didn’t have a proper training system.

But because of this, Jia Yi became the military’s first ‘existence to surpass the wargod level’, his contributions in the building of the base were even bigger. He took pride in his military background, especially having become the ‘existence surpassing the wargod’. Jia Yi didn’t have the slightest hesitation and was still as loyal to his country!

Over many decades, the number of people saved by him ranged more that 10 million. The ones he indirectly saved were even more!

With his hard work and power, Jia Yi was the current vice-chairperson of the military commission, with authority and power ranking in the top 3 in Hua Xia. He was considered in the Hua Xia military to be a true and elite leader.

“Star traveller level 2!”

“If Jia Yi was living in my generation, with proper guidance and training, he’d be at a much higher level.” Luo Feng had much respect for him, especially for the fact that he had saved 10s of millions of people during the Great Nirvana.

“Haha, I would also like to see what Hua Xia’s new generation of geniuses can do.” Jia Yi smiled. “Come, the 3 people beside me, you recognize them don’t you.”

“Representative Zhu, Representative Tuo Ba, Representative Deng.” Luo Feng smiled.

The 3 representatives smiled back. Luo Feng looked towards the circular hall, it was filled with many types of apparatus, many of which he had never seen before. He couldn’t help but comment: “Looking at the types and construction, these are really unique apparatus, not like any of earth’s construction I presume.”

“Some were excavated from the ancient ruins.”

Jia Yi pointed towards a large screen and commanded,” Send the readings from Misty Island’s lake here.”

“Yes, Commander.”

The screen immediately lighted up and displayed the Mist Island Lake, there were countless complex figures around the lake.

“These figures, are they all water creatures?” Luo Feng curiously looked at the screen, “Amazing, the entire lake’s population of creatures can all be scanned from here.”

“It’s not hard, the great 5 countries can all do it.”

Jia Yi walked to the front of the screen, pointing at it, “Look, Misty Island’s Lake’s average deepness is approximately 300m. The deepest regions go close to 1000m. However, the Monster Emperor, is not in the lake.”

“Scan 3500m below.” Jia Yi ordered.

The screen’s diagram started to fluctuate irregularly, until it went 3500m below ground level.

“This is…” Luo Feng’s eyes opened wide with shock.

“This is the Monster Emperor, named by us as the ‘Tentacle Monster’.” Jia Yi pointed towards the blur figure. The figure was enormous. The screen depicted the whole island 3500m below ground level, and yet this figure took up a good half of the screen, showing just how big this creature was.

“Monster Emperor ‘Tentacle Monster,’ has a total of 13 tentacles, each spanning approximately 1500m.” Jia Yi pointed towards the figure. “Look, it even carries a shell like toy, able to hide all it’s tentacles in the shell in a flash.”

“This isn’t all.”

“It even has a special feature unique to tentacle creatures, it can easily and quickly regrow any of it’s lost tentacles.” Jia Yi shook his head, “We’ve already combed this island for many days and we’ve yet to discover any trace of a treasure or secret! The main thing is that monster emperor is down there and we do not dare to go down.”

Luo Feng nodded slightly.

Enter the ground and kill the monster emperor? In your dreams.

“A few days ago, Hong went down once and managed to cut off two of it’s tentacles, before it got away.” Jia Yi looked at Luo Feng and smiled, “It’s usually very special when a treasure appears, and it usually relies heavily on luck. When it comes to power, Hong alone was stronger than all the representatives together. However, when it comes to luck…”

“Luo Feng, are you willing to join us, give Hua Xia a hand.” Jia Yi looked at Luo Feng.

The other 3 were also looking at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was stumped.

This Jia Yi really knew how to pull at a Tiger’s skin, looking for treasure in Misty Island’s Lake, using the country and patriotism to rope in Luo Feng. If the country was really in trouble, Luo Feng would definitely help, but this was something else…

“Mr Jia Yi, I’m sorry. The Head is here, I do not feel good going up against him.” Luo Feng laughed embarrassedly, “I’ve got other matters, I shall take my leave.” After rejecting them, Luo Feng didn’t feel too good staying around them.

Jia Yi noticed the situation and smiled: “It’s fine. We’ll be here for awhile, do come and chat when you have the time.”

“Yes.”

Luo Feng smiled. Including Jia Yi, all 4 of the representatives personally sent Luo Feng out, and once they saw him fly by himself, his position in their hearts had risen a great deal.

……

Walking out the Base’s door, there was a squall going on, the wild leaves and weeds were leaning low.

“Attention all personnel!”

“I, the Dojo of Limits Head ‘Hong’ have entered the Misty Island Lake in an attempt to kill the Monster Emperor. In order to avoid dying from the crossfire, all personnel not at representative level should immediately enter their bases! Representatives near the lake should also be careful.” A thunderous voice sounded throughout the lake’s perimeter.

Luo Feng looked up. Up high in the sky, the black clothed man that was shouting in the air was indeed royal guard Ice Mountain.

“The Head wants to go kill the monster emperor?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but be shocked.

“What, Hong wants to kill the monster emperor?” Jia Yi and the 4 representatives behind Luo Feng were also shocked by the news.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

One by one, the warriors began to fly and leave the scene.


Chapter 208: Hong and the Monster Emperor

In the overcast sky above, 30 or so silhouettes hovered. They were all world renowned warriors who stood at the peak of strength, existences that surpassed the wargods.

Luo Feng, along with Jia Yi and the 3 other representatives were floating a few hundred meters in mid air.

“The last time Hong attempted to kill the monster emperor, he failed and left. While he may have damaged the monster emperor, he himself was also injured.” Jia Yi used his remote control from afar, the big auto jet stopped moving, “It’s only been a few days since you, Luo Feng, have had your big appointment ceremony and he intends to immediately deal with the monster emperor?”

“It is indeed strange.” The other 3 representatives were also suspicious.

Man cares a lot about their reputation.

Hong’s first attempt at the monster emperor was a failure, but everybody could understand.

But without a solid plan of attack, he’s attempting it a second time. This naturally led to suspicion and discussions behind his back.

“I reckon the Head has confidence.” Luo Feng’s eyebrows cringed together.

“The confidence to kill the monster emperor?” Jia Yi and the other representatives shook their heads gently, “If he had the confidence and guarantee, the other 2 monster emperors in the sea would have been settled long ago..”

……

A good number of representative warriors were all hovering in the air high above, waiting to watch the battle.

The large number of small aircrafts and battleships by the shore were all flying back to their respective bases. All personnel below the level of representative had already returned straight into the bases! They had already witnessed plenty the last time Hong battled the monster emperor. They knew that it was a huge deal and battle, and the moment the battle had any crossfire or leaked out, even the representatives had to be careful not to lose their lives.

“Look, Hong and Thunder God.”

“Are the two of them teaming up this time?”

Up above, the representatives still had good vision and a good view.

“Retreat, Retreat, don’t ever get too close to the shore, get further away Luo Feng. The airspace above the lake is a really good spot to get caught in the crossfire. Whether it’s your Head or the Monster Emperor, a single stray punch or blow isn’t something we can handle, do not get careless.” Jia Yi and the other representatives were moving away, Luo Feng followed suit and flew backwards.

Misty Island’s Lake’s surroundings were quiet, the bases around were all monitoring every movement happening in the lake.

The 30 representative warriors, who were almost all clad in black, were hovering high in the sky, focusing all their attention on ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’.

……

The black clothed ‘Hong’ and the white robed bald monk ‘Thunder God’ were flying close together towards the center of the lake. Thunder God looked at Hong, whispering softly, “Brother Hong, once that tentacle monster enters the lake, it will be like fish getting into water. On the other hand, we human warriors lose a lot of our power in water. You failed the last time. Just bringing the cloud contact vine along gives you the confidence to win this time?”

Man’s every action and movements were affected by water resistance.

The faster one was, the higher the resistance!

Hong and Thunder God met with exceptionally high resistance and limitations under water, yet the monster emperor was at it’s strongest there.

“With the Cloud Contact Vine, I have three times the confidence to kill the tentacle monster. Even if it isn’t killed, we’ll be able to return safely. Unless it hides. Otherwise there’s no way I’ll get injured again.” Hong was floating calmly towards the lake, “What’s more, this Misty Island’s Lake’s strongest creature is that monster emperor, it is the biggest obstacle between us and the treasure, how can we not kill it if we want the treasure?”

Thunder God was stumped for words.

Indeed, without killing this monster emperor, there was absolutely no safe way to go excavate below.

“Your actions will be helping the five countries, HR Alliance,” Thunder God laughed, “and also helping me.”

“I’ve said before, attaining the treasure relies on fate and destiny. It’s like the soaring shuttle, it was mine and yet I couldn’t and didn’t know how to use it. The moment it landed in Luo Feng’s hands, it became so powerful. The Soaring Shuttle and him were destined to be!” Hong smiled, “This Cloud Contact Vine, may not be of Earth’s origins. I’ve never left earth, and yet it landed in my hands. It can be said we were fated to be.”

Thunder God laughed: “I look like a monk because I’m bald. You however aren’t bald and yet you sound exactly like one!”

“You baldy, can stay here and watch how I deal with this tentacle monster.” The black clothed Hong finished speaking and immediately became a black light, rushing fiercely into the surface of the lake. The middle of the lake gave a shake, and the black clothed Hong was already 300m or more below the surface, breaking in the mud and rock stratum.

It was an extremely quick infiltration!

The sky steadily grew darker, the lights in the 6 bases began to light up.

The 30 silhouettes looked vaguely like gods and angels, hovering in the sky.

“Look, it’s moving.”

Jia Yi stared at his watch communicator’s screen, the three other representatives along with Luo Feng were all glued to the same screen. The screen displayed the figure of the enormous monster emperor. It had been still without movement for the longest time, and yet now it was moving frantically, three of it’s tentacles waving madly!

At the same time, it’s whole body was quickly rising up!

“This red light represents Hong.” Jia Yi was pointing towards a little light that was floating on one of the tentacles. A figure that was no taller than 2m, while each tentacle was about 1500m, the difference between the two was simply jarring.

“Hong is moving quickly, the monster emperor has to rely on its tentacles to retaliate.”

“Look, the whole ground and wilderness is shaking.”

Luo Feng and company were a little afraid as they looked at the ground a few hundred metres below, as this monster emperor, ‘tentacle monster’, was violently retaliating, the whole surface was shaking from its attacks.

“A tentacle has been broken.”

Luo Feng and company were staring at the screen, one of the tentacles was 1/3 cut off.

“Hong and the monster emperor were moving extremely fast.”

“The monster emperor had already escaped into the lake, ah. Between the rock stratum and the lake, it’s movements were faster by countless times! Hong also entered the lake, speed increasing by quite a lot too. But definitely nowhere close to the increase in speed by the monster emperor.” A few representatives were nervously watching the battle, discussing the points of it.

“Not good, retreat!” Jia Yi roared in a deep voice.

A tentacle was shown on the screen, rapidly heading to break the surface of the lake.

Indeed!

In the retreat of Luo Feng and company, a long 20m or so tentacle that was covered on its surface totally by rocks and land rushed towards the sky. It rushed up to a length of about 1000m, almost like a raging train linking its carriages together.

One tentacle that was about 1000m long, had about 20m or so of rock and earth, yet, almost like the legendary Sun Wukong’s golden staff, it moved swiftly and quickly engulfed everything within a kilometer!

Explosions and rumbling filled the air.

The air exploded and huge waves rose from the lake. A huge number of water creatures were rustled up into the air from the battle, or mashed into meat and dirt. Some just died pitifully while others were crippled or injured heavily. Almost like a dance of tentacles, the monster emperor shook the heavens and earth.

“It’s even crazier than the war against the long vine.”

Luo Feng could smell from the mad waving tentacle that seemed like it was about to puncture the sky, a really pungent fishy smell! It almost smelled like sea produce, and yet a little like earthworms. It was extremely pungent and made one nauseous! While pungent, the power of that tentacle was definitely shocking.

“Even if we have the Black God Sets, if we were to even touch the tentacle, 8 or 9 out of 10 of us would die.” Jia Yi looked at Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, I advise you to wear a SS grade battle armor on top of your Black God Set.”

“No wonder you are all wearing battle armor.”

Luo Feng nodded his head profusely.

Jia Yi and the representatives were all wearing a SS grade battle armor on top of their Black God sets! It wasn’t just them wearing the two layers of protection, all the representatives and warriors in the sky were mostly all doing the same.

“With the monster emperor, this SS grade armor definitely could save our lives.” Luo Feng nodded.

SS Grade armor, while unable to fully disperse damage to the entire body, was still able to reduce the amount of damage taken considerably.

……

Luo Feng and the four representatives stared intensely at their watches’ screen. The monster emperor was huge and easy to spot, while Hong was only a small ‘red light’.

“Hong has rushed into the monster emperor’s shell.”

“What an intense attack!”

Rumble!

A human silhouette rushed towards the sky from the lake, it was the black clothed ‘Hong’. His hand was holding a silver spear, eye’s filled with intensity! The surrounding 100m area was enveloped in darkness, as though the God in this area, Hong gripping the spear, once again pierced into the water.

“The second tentacle is broken!” Zhu from the side couldn’t help but shout out.

“Hong is floating on the monster emperor’s shell.”

“Ah, what’s going on?”

“What’s going on?

“Luo Feng and the four representatives were shocked, mainly because the light representing ‘Hong’ had vanished. Luo Feng and company looked at Jia Yi, Jia Yi just shook his head, full of doubt: “It’s not clear, the device has never reacted this way before. Whatever is alive, should be detected by it.”

“Alive? Does that mean that Hong has died?” Representative Tuo Ba said softly from the side.

“Look at the lake.” Luo Feng shouted out.

Immediately, everybody looked towards the lake, only to see the originally tumultuous waves exploding up! All that could be seen were tentacles rushing high up, piercing the sky. A good 7 or 8 of them were flailing violently about, without any proper motive or plan, it was just madly waving them.

A large number of water creatures were caught in the crossfire, coloring the lake in red.

“Na!!!” an ear piercing and mournful scream came from below, shaking the the surface of the ground.

“How ear-piercing.”

The thirty plus star traveller level warriors floating in mid air couldn’t help but cover their ears, face grimacing in pain.

The tentacles, once filled with strength and power were slowly, one by one, slowing down, falling lifelessly into the lake. A couple even fell on the wilderness land by the shore. The weight alone from the tentacles split 2 deep ditches in the land, water rapidly gushing in to fill them.

“It’s dead.”

“The monster emperor, ‘tentacle monster’ has died.”

“Look at the screen, the monster emperor’s silhouette is fading, his life signal is fading fast, really fast. It’s gone!”

Under the close attention of Luo Feng and company, the silhouette of the enormous monster emperor vanished!

A red light shone exceptionally bright!

That’s Hong!

The lake’s surface rippled once more!

The thirty plus star traveller leveled warriors floating in mid air all turned towards the vast lake’s surface, rippling, until a covered in stone and earth tentacle flew out of the water, followed by the black clothed man ‘Hong’. Hong’s right hand actually lifted a 10m long tentacle wrapped in vine.

Drag!

The black clothed man ‘Hong’ flew towards the sky! Including the tentacle which was longer than 3000m, a monster material, they left the water’s surface completely. It was almost as though a huge black floating island had appeared above the lake.

The thirty plus star travellers, the earth’s five great countries, the HR Alliance, the commanders from each base, workers etc all stood there in shock as they witnessed this scene.

At the same time, the scene and news were being broadcasted to the whole world and organizations.

Everybody remained silent…


Chapter 209: The Big Excavation

The over 3000m long grand emperor’s body was definitely a sight to behold. The strong personnel from every country had gathered around Misty Island’s Lake, these also included the strong beyond compare Star Traveller warriors. Every one of them felt as though their heart had stopped beating, their blood stopped flowing as they saw this sight. It was too unbelievable, too exaggerated!

In the air above the lake, Hong, who was dragging the corpse of the grand emperor, was heading towards the wilderness land, before descending slowly, allowing the corpse to rest on the land.

Pu tong!

Each of the rough 1500m long tentacles began to fall on the wilderness land, causing the entire land to rumble as though an earthquake has occurred.

“So strong.”

Luo Feng looked up towards the black clothed ‘Hong’. While his face was ghastly pale, his eyes were bright and shining, with a sense of glee and satisfaction! Floating high above, Hong surveyed his surroundings, almost like a King overlooking his territory. No one dared make eye contact with Hong.

“Invincible amongst the Star Travellers? Even in the water, he was able to kill a water grand emperor.” Luo Feng was really shocked. Invincible amongst the Star Travellers only meant that no other star traveller could be his match. It didn’t mean that he had the ability to kill the star travellers at his level! Like how the “Higher Monster leaders” were as strong and fast as the wargod leveled humans, because of their diversity and growths, had a natural advantage in power and strength.

Grand emperor! Just it’s body strength and everything else should be above ‘Hong’.

It was even in it’s natural habitat, the water, when it battled. If it wasn’t for Hong’s own domain, any other level 6 star traveller would have instantly died! Because Hong had his own ‘domain’, he was invincible amongst the star travellers. Be it on land or air, he was able to kill any enemy.

However, in water, his power was greatly diminished, while the monster’s power was greatly boosted. One diminished while the other got stronger.

That was why Hong was not guaranteed to kill the grand emperor in the water!

This time however, with the Cloud Contact Vine, along with a few well-timed attacks and opportunities that he took advantage of, Hong succeeded!

“Grand Emperor, one day, I want to be able to kill one by myself.” Luo Feng looked far at Hong, who seemed almost like a god, and his heart was filled with great longing.

While Luo Feng and some of the other warriors were still in shock over Hong’s battle accomplishment, the other governments from the countries of earth began to feel an itch for the materials.

……

“Grand Emperor corpse, this is the first the world’s ever seen and acquired. It’s price is immeasurable.”

……

“My Prime minister, we at the National Research Department have never gotten a piece of a grand emperor’s body, I beseech you Mr Prime Minister, please talk with the Dojo of Limits to let us have a piece of the grand emperor’s corpse.”

……

“I suggest immediately buying a piece of the grand emperor’s body, and the part we should research first should be the bone structure and skeleton, skin composition and more. We, the HR Alliance are the world’s leading weapon suppliers. We need this to research and create more powerful weapons and battle armors to continue to dominate the high-end market.”

……

The 5 great countries, HR Alliance and more were all eyeing the corpse greatly.

One has to know that when the first corpse of a King level Monster first came about, this allowed man to create the SS grade battle armors and weapons. This ultimately led to the SSS level grade battle armors and weapons. However, in comparison, the SSS leveled items were too expensive as they were completed made with high grade and expensive materials. That was why almost no one bought the SSS grade armors.

With that kind of money, one would rather buy a Black God Set!

Now that the first grand emperor corpse was acquired, with intensive research and study, who knew what results and discoveries would be made!

Night had come and it was dark.

The Australian Mainland, over the vast wilderness, had what seemed like a small mountain of a corpse lying on it. A black clothed Hong was standing at the side, in comparison to the size of the grand emperor’s corpse, was like an ant next to a giant.

“Liu He.”

Hong began to speak.

“Head.” Liu He, who was far in in the Hong Ning base immediately responded.

“Immediately dispatch a research team, along with 2 special small teams of wargods. Using the fastest speed, get over here to Misty Island to meet me.” Hong ordered.

“Yes, Head.”

Liu He followed his orders.

……

Not just that, Hong immediately ordered ‘Beast’ of the three royal guards to rush over. With that, all of them would be gathered here! In the most crucial moments, these were the people Hong trusted the most.

“Yes, Master.” A low thick voice emanated from the phone’s communicator.

“Brother Hong.”

A voice filled with ridicule sounded, face still pale without a hint of blood, Hong turned coldly towards the voice. It was from the white robed baldy ‘Thunder God’. Thunder God was smiling, raising his head to look at the enormous corpse: “Brother Hong, I really admire you, you actually killed the grand emperor.”

Hong just nodded his head a little.

“Damn, not in the least modest.” Thunder God couldn’t help but blink his eyes.

Hong gave Thunder God a look with a sense of helplessness.

They were both born right before the period of the Great Nirvana, Thunder God was a mixed blood, with a little Chinese and Indian lineage. Thunder God’s father was a Yoga Master who once specially went to India to study Yoga, that was where he met Thunder God’s Mother and subsequently returned to China.

Thunder God’s demeanor had always been fun and mischievous, but due to the influence of movies and television, grew to love Chinese Martial Arts.

Having been trained under his father from a young age, his yoga was pretty good. Along with that, his hard work and study in chinese martial arts gained him quite a reputation among the martial arts circles as the ‘Thunder Madman’. Within the Chinese martial arts circles, everybody knew there was a really competitive mixed blood youngster. When the Great Nirvana period came, Thunder God combined his Chinese martial arts and Yoga to create his powerful body’s technique, . Unlike Thunder God, before the Great Nirvana, Hong was an assassin!

A killer and a buffoon, what a bizarre combination.

While their characters were different, they did share a similarity, and that was their expectations of themselves were extremely high and strict!

From knowing nothing to being strictly trained in yoga by his father, Thunder God could definitely do hard work.

There was no need to even mention Hong. His background as an assassin led to his cold personality.

During the Great Nirvana, the two’s power levels suddenly soared, in addition to a few miracles plus their natural genius, the two mutually verified, their strengths grew even faster! With the basics of the body and a proper training regime from a young age, Thunder God naturally grew stronger than Hong. Also, with such a systematic form of training and learning, his improvement speed had always been shocking.

Be it body strength, speed, sturdiness and usage of the muscles and their limits, Thunder God was above Hong in all.

Hong only had one thing, his perception and wits were extremely high, a star traveller having his own domain! Naturally he became the world’s strongest.

Of these 2, one established the Dojo of Limits while the other the Thunder Dojo.

While those under them were constantly fighting and competing, Hong and Thunder God never stopped or intervened. The two have been through countless life or death situations together and were on good terms. The competition between the warriors below them had their benefits.

“Brother Hong, you’ve already killed this grand emperor, there’s still two more in the sea, can’t you kill them too?” Thunder God asked, “If you do that, our lives would be a lot easier and safer.”

“It’s not the same.”

Hong shook his head,” This lake’s depth is only 300m, in spite of its large area. To the grand emperor, one tentacle alone is 1500m. This means that in the lake, it is difficult for it to fully move. The shallow depth limits its full capabilities. Not to mention it barely just evolved to the grand emperor level not long ago, not fully learning how to utilize its body and power. It’s all these reasons put together that I was able to kill it.

“The two old bastards in the sea however, evolved to the emperor level during the Great Nirvana period, before growing to the emperor level afterwards! Those two have fought countless battles in the sea before gaining the emperor status.”

“This tentacle monster seemed to have popped out of nowhere suddenly, with little experience and control of itself. It doesn’t hold a candle to the other 2.” Hong shook his head.

Thunder God nodded his head slightly.

“No rush, our strengths are greater than those two bastards, they will never dare to come on shore!” Hong said, “When we finally enter the Star level, or my Cloud Contact Vine grows more powerful, we will definitely stand a chance. The cloud contact vine is still very weak.”

“Don’t talk to me about the cloud contact vine. It makes me green with envy.” Thunder God couldn’t help but spit out,” Damn, to be able to find a Cloud Contact Vine on earth, your luck definitely is off the charts.”

Cloud Contact Vine

It was definitely an invaluable treasure. In the vast universe, just one of them was indefinitely valuable. It was because of some universe knowledge passed on from previous generations that one knew what it is worth of. Hong was extremely excited then from attaining this treasure, so much so that he gave the ‘spiritual weapon’ to Luo Feng. That was because to Hong, the spiritual weapon couldn’t compare to the Cloud Contact vine!

“Luo Feng, gather here with me.” Luo Feng received his phone call.

“Yes, Head.”

Luo Feng flew towards his Dojo’s Head’s location, overlooking the enormous grand emperor’s corpse below. In his heart, he felt a little suspicious. If the Head had enough power alone to kill the grand emperor, why did he need to gather him over? To Hong, a few more helpers and representatives shouldn’t make any difference.

Sou!

Luo Feng descended, at the same time Hong was standing at the side of the grand emperor’s corpse, beside him stood the Great Allure and Ice Mountain.

“Head.” Luo Feng landed.

“Luo Feng.”

Hong looked at Luo Feng, slightly nodding his head, “I’ve already killed the grand emperor, the biggest obstacle in our excavating of the Misty island lake is gone. The other countries, HR Alliance etc and the representatives, some of them have already begun their excavation of the lake! There are many more who’ve begun to prepare to work.”

“I’ve already arranged for many to come over.”

“Right now, you three should immediately begin entering the lake and excavating for treasures!” Hong ordered seriously, “The moment you discover a treasure, if you can take it, take it! If it’s not possible, let me know immediately.”

“Yes, Head.”

Donning a golden mask, Allure and Ice Mountain, along with Luo Feng immediately followed his orders.

“Of course, once you’ve discovered a treasure, if we’ve successfully acquired it, the person who discovered it will too be rewarded 30% rewards. The person who acquires it too will get 30%. The remaining 40% will go to the dojo.” Hong stated seriously, “This means that once you discover a treasure and acquire it, you automatically get 60% of the rewards.”

Allure, Ice Mountain, and Luo Feng nodded their heads.

To get 60% was not a bad deal. Also, once they acquired the treasures, they didn’t have to worry about theft or fights from others, since they had Hong backing them.

“Good, you three can set off now!” Hong ordered.

“Yes.”

Luo Feng, Allure and Ice Mountain followed the order.

They immediately became three bright lights rushing towards the lake. At the same time, countless other representatives and warriors, occasionally one or two at a time, flew towards Misty Island lake. A big excavation that captured the attention of the whole world had just officially begun.


Chapter 210: Ice Emperor

Luo Feng, Allure, and Ice Mountain were wearing similar outfits: battle uniform sets on the outside and black god sets on the inside. Allure and Ice Mountain both had an extra golden mask on! Luo Feng put on his battle uniform set, etc. in the auto jet after watching Hong’s battle with the grand emperor monster.

The three of them flew above the sky side by side.

“We’ll split up and search” said royal guard Allure.

“Ok” Ice Mountain’s voice was as cold as usual.

“Alright”

Luo Feng nodded.

The radius of this misty lake was over a hundred km, which meant its area was huge! Furthermore, the place where that grand emperor was staying at was 3,500 meters below ground while the lake itself is only 300 meters deep. So maybe the treasure is below the dirt of the bottom of the lake in some rocky layer underground. The search will be quite hard.

Luo Feng also agreed that splitting up was the right course of action.

“Compared to the larger layers of rock underground, I’ll first check out this smaller lake” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to glance at the distance and saw an image charge into the lake a few thousand meters away. This was clearly another representative level fighter, “The appeal of the treasures in the misty lake are indeed big”

PUTONG!

Water splashed everywhere as Luo Feng directly charged into the lake.

With his battle uniform set on the outside and his black god set on the inside, he stepped on his soaring shuttle and had 18 blade pieces circling around him, ready to attack at any time.

Luo Feng was completely armed.

“Treasure, I don’t even know what treasure it is, so how am I supposed to find it?” Luo Feng was in a bind. As of now, the various powers weren’t even sure what the treasure was and how many of them there were. Everyone could only search like blind people, “Good thing I’m a spirit reader. I’ll spread my spiritual force within a 200 meter radius and search!”

The scanning from his spiritual force was more effective than radar.

…..

Just like this, Luo Feng started a ‘bloody’ treasure hunt! Back when he came to this misty lake last time, he almost lost his life. And this time, those so called ‘high level horde leader level monsters’ were easily killed by Luo Feng’s blade pieces. Extremely easily.

After using up 32 minutes!

Luo Feng scanned over 80% of the lake with his surprising speed. On the way, he killed over a thousand monsters and 13 horde leader monsters. Luo Feng used his spiritual force to collect the materials of two ‘high level horde leader level monsters’ into the backpack formed by the black god set.

“Star traveller level spirit readers sure make money easily on earth” thought Luo Feng to himself after collecting the materials from two monsters and giving up the rest.

“Luo Feng, any discoveries in the lake?” a sound carried from the tactical communications watch, which was Allure’s voice, “I have already scanned over 36% of the lake, nothing”

“Nothing” said Luo Feng quietly, “I scanned over 80% of the area”

In terms of searching abilities star traveller level fighters are definitely better than wargods, because even star traveller level fighters can release their genetic energy outside of their bodies! For example, the flames surrounding representative Farr’s body. For example, Lan Ran back in Jiang-Nan headquarter city caused the surrounding temperature to drop dramatically and the water fountain to freeze when he stopped Luo Feng from killing Li Yao.

Star traveller level fighters can control the energy in a certain radius and search for treasures like that.

Of course……

Star traveller spirit readers are even better at searching! After that are the star traveller level fighters, and after that are the wargod level spirit readers. Lastly are the wargod level fighters! Wargod level fighters can only sadly use their two eyes to search, which is extremely inefficient.

“You scanned 80%, I scanned 36%, Ice Mountain scanned 41%, and none of us found anything. In total, we probably scanned over 95% of the lake. I think….. we should go underground” messaged Allure.

“I agree” replied Luo Feng.

Whoosh!

At the same time, the three powerful star traveller level fighters Allure, Ice Mountain, and Luo Feng broke out the surface of the water and flew into the air. After that, they flew towards the ‘misty island ruins’ in the center of the lake.

PUTONG! PUTONG!

Luo Feng saw in the distance wargod after wargod leap into the lake from fighter jets.

“Even wargods have come to search for treasures, really…..” Luo Feng shook his head, “Good thing they aren’t dumb and are just searching among the island and dirt”. If a wargod encounters a horde leader in the lake, he’s basically not taking his own life seriously. The lake area where those wargods leaped into was still part of the island in the center not too long ago!

However, the huge battle shaved the sides off the island a bit, so the rest of the island is underwater. Those portions cannot be seen with the naked eye.

Those wargods that leaped into the water can swiftly dig into the dirt.

And then search for treasures in the dirt and rocks! Monsters are rare in the rocky layer, and even if they do appear, they are usually quite weak.

“The dirt and rock layer underground has an even greater area than the lake, and searching there is harder than in water” said Allure coldly, “Same old way, we split up”

“I’ll go ahead first”

Luo Feng charged into the lake right away and after just a few meters deep, drilled into the dirt and rock below. His head was above and his feet were below as his two feet automatically extended into a drill. He easily pierced through the dirt and rock and drilled downwards!

Underground, everything was dark.

“Searching for treasures underground is probably difficult for others” Luo Feng’s spiritual force spread out. He didn’t know what the shape of the treasure he was looking for was. Is it a plant? An ore? Or is it life? Or an archaeological ruin? Because he doesn’t know and has no target, it took him a long time to search.

Three hours later.

Two to three thousand meters below ground, an underground river was raging. With a PENG, Luo Feng smashed through the rocks and fell into the dark river.

“It’s here”

“I consumed the thousand year willow heart beside this river back then. How nostalgic”

“I’ll dig a hole and rest here too”

Luo Feng easily dug out a hole a bit above the dark river and sat cross legged as he closed his eyes. Even if he had plenty of spiritual force, his mind was quite tired after searching for three hours nonstop with his spiritual force searching the surrounding 200 meter radius with him at the center.

“What smell is that?” Luo Feng, who was resting as he sat cross legged, suddenly sniffed with his nose.

A light scent slightly carried into his nose.

The scent of rice?

Luo Feng furiously opened his eyes: “Treasure! It could be treasure!” It is quite peculiar to smell rice two to three thousand meters below the ground. And weird things could probably lead to the treasure of the misty island.

Luo Feng sniffed with his nose and leaped into the dark river like a fish. At times, he would come out the river to sniff with his nose: “It’s this direction! The smell is carrying from this direction!” Once he confirmed the direction, Luo Feng immediately headed towards that direction as he swam along the dark river.

As he got closer, the scent of rice became easier and easier to smell.

“RUMBLE~~” Luo Feng went along this dark river and appeared in an even wider river, as if the dark river from before was merely a branch of this wider river.

“There are sea monsters”

Luo Feng’s spiritual force discovered after a single scan, “There aren’t many of them, but most of them are quite powerful”

Luo Feng didn’t think this was weird at all.

Back then, Luo Feng saw from the screen at the Chinese base that the lake had an average depth of 300 meters, and its deepest part was 1,000 meters. However, these diagrams only pointed out the main parts. In reality, there are still quite a few tunnels connecting the lake to the underground area. For example, the ‘grand emperor’ from before managed to charge up to the lake from a distance of 3,500 meters underground.

Sometimes it would go to the lake and sometimes it would return underground.

Because of the grand emperor’s movements, tunnel after tunnel was formed! At that time, the display showed that it discovered an area formed by many tunnels, and quite a few sea monsters were there. So Luo Feng wasn’t surprised at all right now.

“The smell is coming from there” Luo Feng swiftly flew up.

Whoosh!

As if teleportation, Luo Feng appeared 50 meters away three meters above the wide underground river. He stepped on the surface of the river and looked in front of him…..

Above the dark river was a white transparent crystal that hovered in midair. Because of it, the originally dark river had a tiny bit of weak light. This white transparent crystal was also emanating the scent of rice, which caused one to feel like drooling. However, large amounts of sea monsters in the underground river were all staring at this white crystal, and one of them even instantly leaped up to swallow it.

Right when Luo Feng saw the white crystal, it was swallowed by a sea monster in basically a blink of an eye.

“Not right”

Luo Feng ignored his grief as he watched the scene in front of him with confusion, “How come the other sea monsters didn’t leap up to fight over it? Quite a few of these monsters are horde leader level monsters with intelligence comparable to humans. They aren’t dumb, so there must be some reason”

“Chichi~”

The entire body of the crustacean type sea monster that leaped up and swallowed the white crystal started shining in the river. Its entire body seemed to be expanding. Roars and screams of pain rang, “PENG!”, with a sound, the crustacean type monster exploded. Pieces of its corpse and blood flew around everywhere, and the extremely alluring white crystal continued to hover above the lake in midair.

A bunch of sea monsters surrounded this white crystal.

Each of them wanted to eat it so badly, but none of them dared to swallow it.

Luo Feng took in a breath after seeing this. That white crystal seemed extremely marvelous and its scent caused one to drool naturally. But who would’ve thought that it was ‘poison’, death awaits after eating it.

“There are so many pieces of blown up corpses in this lake” discovered Luo Feng with a scan with his spiritual force, “Looks like quite a few monsters died because they swallowed this”

And at this time–

“It’s treasure”

“Treasure of the misty island”

Gasps in English arose, and two images flew over from different directions.

“It’s mine” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed and with a thought, his spiritual force formed a gigantic formless hand which directly grabbed towards the crystal! Luo Feng didn’t dare to use his real hand to grab this peculiar thing.

“PENG!”

A huge white hand as large as a sink appeared and also grabbed towards the crystal. It collided with Luo Feng’s spiritual force and both of the hands disintegrated.

“Luo Feng, this is mine, Mo Henderson’s. Swiftly leave” a roar in twisted Chinese rang.

“The third chairman, Ice Emperor Mo Henderson?” Luo Feng swiftly recalled this person’s data. Ice Emperor Mo Henderson is one of the two star traveller level three stage fighters on earth. He was born in America and as of now, is the most powerful fighter the American government has. Because his ability to control ice has reached an extremely high level, people nicknamed him Ice Emperor.

He’s a super powerful fighter only below Hong and Thunder God!

“This belongs to the Dojo of Limits and you dare to steal it? Do you want to die?” roared Luo Feng as his soaring shuttle hovered beside him, ready to unleash his ultimate move any time.


Chapter 211: The Miraculous White Crystal

Deep in the underground lake, 3 star traveller warriors were hovering defensively.

“Luo Feng, who do you think you are talking to?” a thick voice sounded, a tall and sturdy body built almost like a male lion, with the condescending tone of an emperor who was vastly superior. He stared coldly at Luo Feng.

“Mo Henderson, I discovered this first. Please give way.” Luo Feng’s expression was just as cold and unrelenting.

“Very well.”

The Ice Emperor began to smile instead, a smile out of rage, “It’s been a long time since anyone has had the nerve to talk to me like that. You are nothing but a 20 year old youngster, how dare you talk to me this way. On behalf of your Head, I shall teach you a good lesson today.” Following that, he shot a glance at the other person hovering not too far away.

That other representative looked at Mo Henderson and then to Luo Feng, before forcing out a smile: “Two gentlemen, harmony is most important to me, I shall not partake in the contest for this treasure.”

Sou!

He retreated in a flash of lightning.

“I’ll allow you to strike first, we’ll settle this in 3 seconds. That old man will definitely inform others about this. We shall settle this quickly.” The Ice Emperor Mo Henderson said indifferently.

“Arrogant indeed, 3 seconds? Even 30 seconds will not be enough!”

Luo Feng raised his hand and pointed to Mo Henderson, “I hope you won’t lose after one attack!”

“Hmph.”

Mo Henderson snorted in disbelief. He was the third chairman, and he didn’t get there by sucking up and relying on others. Even the star traveller level 2 spirit reader Eastbourne lost to him, why would he be afraid of a spirit reader who had just stepped into the star traveller level? He was the strongest in America, not one to be trifled with.

“Mountain Drill!” Luo Feng’s expression was cold.

In an instant, the Soaring Shuttle separated into 365 blades and just as quickly regrouped together! It became cone shaped, circling around it in a spiral pattern weapon! This was the ‘Mountain Drill’ from the Soaring Shuttle’s first form! The speed in which it separated and reassembled was so fast that even a star traveller warrior wouldn’t be able to fully see it. This was the Soaring Sky’s basic attack.

12 golden threads immediately spiraled around the cone.

Attack!

“Ang!!!”

A deafening explosion occurred, almost as though the whole space was blasted in disarray. A golden light penetrated the distance of 50 m in a blink of an eye, piercing through with a violent spiraling wave of pressure. The Ice Emperor’s expression changed greatly, using his right hand to punch as quickly as lightning, the special design of his glove had sharp thorns.

However, the Mountain Drill was too fast!

The Ice Emperor Mo Henderson’s punch brushed the Mountain Drill, causing it to stir slightly, before directly piercing straight into the Ice Emperor’s body armour!

“Ang”

The Mountain Drill resumed its mad drilling!

With the piercing power of the Mountain Drill, it easily broke through the Ice Emperor’s SS Grade battle Armor, tearing it apart! The backlash of the attack went on to hit the Ice Emperor’s Black God set, penetrating strongly to weaken 9 layers of the set until finally the last layer scattered throughout the Ice Emperor’s body.

“Hmph.” The Ice Emperor groaned, unconsciously backing 70 to 80m away, face pale as ever.

“What a sturdy body.” Luo Feng was slightly alarmed.

However, this was all still within his calculations. A star traveller level 3 without a black god set would have been dead by now. With the black god set however makes things a lot more difficult!

“Very good.”

“You’ve injured me.” The Ice Emperor Mo Henderson’s stare was cold, “Now I…”

“You are too slow, you cannot hit me.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Become a target!”

Luo Feng coldly sneered.

Immediately, the Mountain Drill in front of Luo Feng became a golden light, “Ang!!!” A deafening sound boomed again, spiraling with winds almost like a tornado. Mo Henderson didn’t dare arrogantly stand his ground again. Instead, he quickly backed away and raised his fists.

A deep impact rang.

The Mountain Drill actually collided with one of Mo Henderson’s fists, causing his face to go white and backing away a few more metres.

“The Mountain Drill’s speed; it seems even a star traveller level 3 can barely block it.” Luo Feng quickly had a thought, “It’s a good thing the Mountain Drill’s penetrative force relies not on it’s speed, but on the golden thread that creates the amazing drilling force.”

“Ang!”

The Mountain Drill, which was about 20m to the left of Mo Henderson once again began generating the sound which causes panic.

Xiu!

The golden light once again attacked towards Mo Henderson.

“Pu.”

This 3rd attack once again caused Mo Henderson to unconsciously back away, at the same time blood began to trickle from his mouth: “How can this Luo Feng’s attacking power be so strong? Even Eastbourne doesn’t differ too much from him in strength. But what’s different is that his weapon is too fast. Way faster than Eastbourne’s concealed weapon!”

“Ang!”

“Ang!”

“Ang!”

The Mountain Drill attacked Mo Henderson time and again. Because of its fearsome power and speed, Mo Henderson couldn’t escape it or dodge, causing him to get hit over and over again and forcing him back a few metres every time. Within the short time he uses to back away, the Mountain Drill would once again start spiralling again and attack.

This forced Mo Henderson into a corner with no time to attack.

It was indeed as Luo Feng had said…

Mo Henderson had become a target!

“What should I do, What can I do?” Mo Henderson thought as quickly as he could, the world’s 3rd strongest hadn’t been caught in such a predicament in a very long time.

This little brat Luo Feng had an attacking power that was similar to Eastbourne, even if it broke through the Black God Set, it would only injure him slightly! The speed however, was way faster. He could barely use his hands to defend against it, his body was all the more unable to move freely and out of the way.

If I can’t dodge it, then I’ll be attacked!

After impact, he would naturally be knocked back by the force, and within the short time, the Mountain Drill’s attack came once again.

If this goes on, it’ll exhaust him in a endless circle.

“Will you give up?!” Luo Feng shouted loudly.

“Ang!” The sound Mo Henderson hated more than any other had begun again.

“I’ll give it my all!”

Within the short span of 10 seconds, Mo Henderson had been attacked 12 times, finally he gritted his teeth and used the stupidest and yet the most effective method!

“Ang!”

The 13th time the Mountain Drill became a golden light, it once again headed towards the ‘poor target’ Ice Emperor Mo Henderson. However this time, he didn’t use his fists to block…he used his open palms! Both black palms of his seemed to have stored up some power for a while between the attacks!

Chi Chi…The black hands exploded violently!

Peng!

The golden light attacked the Black Palms, and within that moment, the black skin in the palm closed together like a black case, trapping the Soaring Shuttle in it!

“Pu!” Mo Henderson couldn’t help but spit out fresh blood, staining the lake below.

Using the black god set’s defensive ability to trap the Soaring Shuttle during its attack was possible. However, there was a reason he didn’t want to use this. This was due to the fact that every attack before had caused him to retreat a little, it was a natural instinct to reduce the attacking power and damage to the body.

And within the time he was retreating, Mo Henderson would step sidewards to disperse some of the attacking power from the Soaring Shuttle.

Trapping the Soaring Shuttle however…

This was akin to taking on the full damage! Even though the damage barely increased five fold, however once at the critical point, every point increase in damage would mean a huge difference in damage to the body! This one time was akin to the 10 times before.

“Luo Feng!”

Spitting out blood while trapping the Soaring Shuttle, Mo Henderson eye’s were raging with fire. His mouth was filled with fresh blood. Suddenly, he stepped towards the mountains beside, rumbling! The explosive power of a star traveller level 3’s legs allowed Mo Henderson to rise quickly and cover over 2000m every second! Within that time, he let go of the trapped Soaring Shuttle.

If he didn’t, the Soaring Shuttle would begin its movement again and he would be in a pinch!

“It’s speed is too fast!” Luo Feng rushed upwards in an instant, which was all rock!

Chi!

The rock was split open almost as though it was tofu and Luo Feng rushed into the rock stratum. A spirit reader once in the rock stratum, be it flexibility, speed, a fighter could never match up!

“Luo Feng, if you have the ability, come out.” Ice Emperor Mo Henderson was steaming mad, it had been long since he had such trouble.

To be attacked so many times.

Finally, it was only from brute force and taking heavy damage did he get an opportunity.

“If you have the capabilities, come in.” Luo Feng’s voice resounded.

Sou!

From a few hundred meters outside, Luo Feng’s body had broken through the rock stratum, a stunned expression on his face as he looked towards white crystal floating above the lake…during that time, it had been swallowed by a water creature. Before he ran, Luo Feng had already noticed this earth dragon heading to swallow the crystal.

He however did not think much of it as he had believed that it would explode and the white crystal would return.

However, with his spirit reading spread around had noticed, that earth dragon did not die!

“What’s going on?” Mo Henderson’s expression also changed.

“Not even knowing the treasure was eaten by a monster.” Luo Feng snorted, maintaining his observation on that earth dragon!

The earth dragon was a mutation from earthworms, one of the many fearsome types. These were usually the ‘Horde Leaders’ level creatures.

Within the Monster Emperor level, there was also an Earth Dragon King.

“Hmph.”

Mo Henderson stared coldly at Luo Feng, after being attacked 10 over times by him, it was almost like a normal person being kicked over 10 times! How could there be no resentment? What’s more, he was the Ice Emperor, people had to speak to him with respect, not to mention this disgrace.

A warrior could take disgrace, but definitely won’t forget it!

However, Luo Feng’s weapon made him helpless and fearful.

At that time…

Both of them were observing that earth dragon which was in the lake! It’s body was lengthening constantly, with a white light glowing from within. The fragrant rice smell was exceedingly strong, emanating from the earth dragon.

“The white crystal should have been eaten by this earth dragon.”

Mo Henderson wasn’t a spirit reader, how could he have kept track of treasure. The creatures before all did not dare swallow the crystal, hence, he never worried about the creatures stealing the treasure. He believed that if they had wanted to, they would have long ago swallowed it even before they had come. His only competitor was thus Luo Feng!

Suddenly, this 50m or so earth dragon raised its head and roared!

Chi Chi…

A horn grew from its forehead, it’s body which was originally glowing from the white crystal within began to twitch around, before expanding and growing suddenly!

“Horn!” Mo Henderson was shocked.

“Emperor Level!” Luo Feng was shocked too.

“A medium level horde leader became an emperor level creature immediately after eating the white crystal?” Luo Feng was completed shocked, his mind was immediately filled with a thought, “Without any prior warning an emperor level monster appeared, did it too eat the white crystal to evolve?”


Chapter 212: Huge Commotion!

Luo Feng was very clear, between Hong, Thunder God and the others, those with strengths above the Emperor Level monsters were already recorded in files. The birth of an Emperor level monster was also a long and arduous process of growth. Yet, within this little underground cave, a Emperor level monster just suddenly appeared…

It was unbelievable!

This was also the reason why Hong, Thunder God and the rest of the world started observing this place.

“My god.” Mo Henderson’s gaze was alert and he was totally shocked.

Luo Feng too was carefully observing the currently evolving ‘Earth Dragon King’, only to see its body rapidly expanding in length, width and its skin colors changing fast. “ROAR…” This newborn dragon emperor let out a roar of pain, the horn on its forehead growing almost a meter every second!

It’s strength was flying off the charts at a rapid rate!

The speed of evolution, to Luo Feng who took the ‘Thousand Year Willow Heart’ and ‘Dragon Blood’, was still extremely shocking. It was basically reaching the heavens in one step!

“Head, Head, I’m Luo Feng.” Luo Feng knew this matter was of utmost importance.

“Luo Feng, What’s the matter?” Hong’s voice was as usual, cold and calm.

“The place where I’m at currently had an unique white crystal, that was eaten by a Horde Leader earth dragon monster. Now, that monster, within 10 seconds, has grown to the level of an emperor monster, and it’s still evolving!” Luo Feng was serious and reported swiftly.

“Stay there, I’m coming immediately!” Hong’s voice was a little urgent.

……

At the same time, within Hua Xia’s base on Misty Island, lay an enormous passenger spaceship.

The other representatives were already excavating, only Jia Yi was left in command headquarters.

“Attention, attention, a life force that’s rapidly evolving has been detected.”

“Attention, attention.”

Within the circular cabin, an alarm went off. The usually quiet and calm, almost like a rock, Jia Yi was shocked.

“Display the location.” Jia Yi ordered.

“Di!”

The screen on the wall quickly enlarged, displaying a spot within a 500m area. At the same time, a worker said: “Commander, there are two representative level life forms here, and during that time, a life form that wasn’t that strong suddenly evolved, becoming stronger than all of Misty Island’s other monsters. We are sure…It is an Emperor Level monster!”

“That means, within 10 seconds, a horde leader lever monster became an Emperor level monster.” The worker’s voice was trembling.

“Your small group has confirmed this theory?” Jia Yi’s expression showed a big change.

“90% confirmed.” The worker replied.

“Continue investigating.”

Upon issuing the order, Jia Yi immediately controlled his tactical communications watch, Zhu Xi, Old Deng, Tuo Ba, immediately head to the coordinates I sent, I’ll be there immediately.”

……

It wasn’t just Hua Xia who had the monitoring devices and apparatus. These devices were discovered in large numbers back then in one of the archeological ruins. All the five countries had it. Hence, at about the same time, everyone noticed the anomaly. It wasn’t long before all the people who hadn’t had any success so far began to gather.

2,000m below the ground, what was once an underground lake was now in chaos.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

It was as though a level 20 hurricane core was passing through, under the immense painful struggling from the earth dragon king, the whole lake was shaking violently, splashing water everywhere onto the sides of the caves. It had grown to 50-60m wide, about a 100m long and every time it rolled and tumbled around, the walls of the mountains cracked and split open.

Luo Feng and Ice Emperor were both floating in mid air.

The walls and ceilings of the caves were falling, violently crashing around and the waves were splashing all over.

To the two star traveller warriors, it was like a spring’s breeze. Absolutely nothing could get within 1 meter of these two. Luo Feng’s surrounding spiritual powers were easily defending him. Ice Emperor’s surroundings were covered in cold air, almost like a white cover, protecting him well.

Luo Feng and Ice Emperor were closely watching that earth dragon emperor.

Even after evolving, so what?

Ice Emperor was a level 3 star traveller.

Luo Feng, while only a level 1 Star Traveller spirit reader, had a high battle amplifier and his spirit weapon the ‘soaring shuttle’ had strength no less than the Ice Emperor’s.

If the 2 wanted to deal with the newly evolved king level earth dragon king, a simple move and it’ll be over! At that moment, to the two, killing the earth dragon king wasn’t important; the important thing was to clearly observe what powers that white crystal had, and to what extent will the monster evolve!

“Hong!”

A black light filled the cavern, at the speed of Luo Feng and Ice Emperor’s heart beat, a black clothed Hong appeared within the place.

“Head.” Luo Feng flew over.

Hong slightly nodded his head, glancing over to Ice Emperor Mo Henderson. The once cocky and arrogant Mo Henderson, under his glare, couldn’t help but bow his body. At that moment on Earth, the only person capable of speaking on equal terms with Hong was Thunder God! Everybody else was too far away.

“Luo Feng, this is that earth dragon king?” Hong looked at the monster that was nearing its completion.

“That’s it, 20 seconds ago, he was only a middle horde leader earth dragon.” Luo Feng confirmed.

“Mo Henderson?” Hong looked at the Ice Emperor.

Ice Emperor slightly bowed:” First chairman, it is as Luo Feng has stated.”

“Just a simple crystal, allowed a medium level horde leader to rise to an emperor level monster?” Hong arched his eyebrows in disbelief.

Keep in mind that…..

From a high level horde leader to rise to the Emperor Level, the difficulty was no easier than for an advanced level wargod to rise to a star traveller. Yet the number of emperor level monsters were much more than the population of earth’s star traveller wargods. This was due to the number of monsters being much much more! There only so few human warriors.

With greater numbers, the number of emperor level monsters were naturally more.

This idea of ‘more’, was in comparison to earth’s star travellers. Compared to the large numbers of monsters in total, the number of Emperor level monsters were actually few. Yet this small crystal allowed a medium level horde leader to rise to the king level, it was akin to a middle level wargod rising straight to the representative level.

Is it possible?

Every Wargod on earth had trained till they became an advanced level wargod, before realizing how hard it was to breakthrough to the star traveller level.

“Hong, you discovered treasure and yet you didn’t call me!” A loud voice sounded.

A white robed silhouette appeared in the air beside them.

“Thunder God.” Luo Feng slightly bowed.

“2nd chairman.” Ice Emperor bowed too.

“Luo Feng, you sure are the head’s lucky star.” Thunder God smiled, “What a pity, this earth dragon became an earth dragon king, its life energy suddenly became tens to hundred times stronger. Everybody’s devices detected it. I calculate that all the other countries are coming soon.” The moment he finished, a silhouette broke into the mountain.

Followed by…

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! One after another, star traveller silhouettes appeared in the air in that underground lake.

“Earth dragon king? There is actually a dragon king?”

“The rapidly increasing life force that became so strong, that’s it? From a horde leader, he became an emperor level monster?”

Many representative warriors arrived, floating above the lake, observing the dragon king.

The earth dragon king had already finished its evolution, its eyes as big as its face looked up in fear as it realized long ago that man’s elite and strongest were all floating above it, warriors capable of matching the emperor level monsters; Even though it had finally become an emperor level monster.

But the enemy was too numerous.

“Chi Chi…” The earth dragon king immediately dug towards the bottom of the lake, trying its best to get as deep as possible into the rock stratum.

“Thinking of escaping?”

Hong waved his hands, a black domain immediately spread open, trapping the earth dragon king within it! Caught within his panic inducing domain, the earth dragon king began to violently struggle, however it felt as though it’s whole body was bound tightly by countless ropes, unable to struggle. It could only painfully roar.

“Tear open!” Hong waved his hand.

A black laser shot towards the earth dragon king’s head, peng! It’s head split open and his brains and other matter were flung all over.

Hong, Thunder God and the others examined the open head.

“No abnormalities.” Hong scowled.

“It’s like a normally evolved earth dragon king.” Thunder God also frowned.

In the air above the underground lake, where many representatives were floating, everyone witnessed how a newly evolved king level earth dragon king was so easily… like a small white mouse being a killed and dissected. America, Europe, India, Russia and the HR Alliance, its strongest warriors were all fearful and in awe of the Hong who easily killed the emperor monster with a wave of his hand.

They all knew of his strength, but every time they witnessed it firsthand, it led to a sense of helplessness and fear.

“Luo Feng, can you explain in detail once more about that crystal from before.” Hong ordered.

“Yes, Head.”

Luo Feng carefully recapped, replying, “It was a white crystal. It was previously floating above the lake over there! It was as though it was lighter than everything, strangely floating in mid air. The light that came from this crystal even illuminated this dark underground place…also there was a fragrant rice smell emanating from it.:

“Rice smell? White crystal? Floating? Eaten, evolved a monster?” Hong was deep in thought.

Thunder God too was thinking deeply.

“Right, there was a monster leader before who ate the white crystal, but the the moment it swallowed it, it’s body exploded and the white crystal came back out unscathed.” Luo Feng added a line.

“Body exploded after eating?”

Among Hong, Thunder God and the other representatives, three people’s eyes lit up.

“No.5 Archeological Ruins!” A black representative couldn’t help but shout out, his body trembling with excitement.

“It’s the Mu Ya Crystal. It’s the Mu Ya Crystal.” A chinese representative also chimed in.

“It’s the Mu Ya Crystal.”

Hong and Thunder God’s gaze met, a sense of excitement and madness in their eyes.

“The Cloud Contact Vine appeared on earth, even the universe’s valuable Mu Ya Crystal appeared on earth.” Thunder God couldn’t help but mumble softly.

“Mu Ya Crystal.”

On the side, Luo feng was confused, repeating these words over in his mind. What does the Mu Ya Crystal represent? Looking at Hong and Thunder God, these 2 were the pinnacle of earth’s strongest, yet at that moment they couldn’t hide the madness in their eyes. While he didn’t know the usage of the Mu Ya Crystal, Luo Feng could guess…

The Mu Ya Crystal, was definitely infinitely more valuable than the spirit of nature.

Even in the vast universe, the Mu Ya crystal could count as a treasure.


Chapter 213: The Bloody Fight

“Mu Ya Crystal.” Luo Feng and the other representatives were filled with suspicion, what exactly was this Mu Ya Crystal? Everyone looked towards Hong and Thunder God. Everyone here was an elite, even without saying a word, just judging from their reactions, one could guess…

This Mu Ya Crystal was a treasure!

“It’s called Mu Ya Crystal?” A blonde, curly haired representative from the European Union said, “After eating one of the crystals, a horde leader monster was able to evolve straight to a emperor level monster! If he ate more, wouldn’t he get even stronger? Don’t tell me…don’t tell me that Monster Emperor came to be because it ate a crystal?”

Silence!

The earth’s strongest fighters floating in that underground cavern were all silent, Hong and a few others knew that the Mu Ya Crystal was special and were extremely frustrated with the blonde representative that voiced it out. The blonde representative purposefully looked puzzled and suspicious. The five who knew of the crystal’s special abilities all understood…the monster emperor only evolved to that stage because of the crystal.

Yet, those who knew the secret did not want to divulge this as chaos would break loose the moment they did!

“Monster Emperor!”

“Right, this little lake definitely doesn’t have the right environment to produce a monster emperor, it must be the Mu Ya crystal.”

“The monster emperor ate the crystal, the earth dragon king also ate that crystal, there must be plenty around!”

“This Misty Island Lake, underground should still have more Mu Ya Crystals.”

“Hurry up and find them.”

All kinds of quiet discussions had broken out amongst them,

A great many of them even glanced from the side towards Hong, Thunder God, the five people who knew just to watch their reactions.

“Quickly, quickly quickly, we have to go find the Mu Ya Crystals.”

“Let’s head out.”

Whether it was in English or in other various languages, the representatives were all calling out to their teammates, or contacting their headquarters. Within a short amount of time, a large number of representatives were combing the underground lake, or breaking through the rock stratum, beginning a mad search underground for the crystals. Totally different from before!

Before, they were searching aimlessly without a solid target. Now their eyes were all lit with motive.

Looking at those who represented the other powers leaving quickly, Hong and Thunder God shot each other a gaze.

“I bet that bastard intentionally said that.” Thunder God said softly. “Nobody is an idiot.” Hong was calm.

“Aren’t you anxious? You need the crystal more than I do!” Thunder God smiled. However, Hong turned straight to look at the three people behind him, Luo Feng, Allure and Ice Mountain, ordering: “There must be more Mu Ya Crystals in this underground lake, you all hurry and search.”

“Yes, Head.”

Luo Feng and the other two complied.

“Go.” Hong slightly nodded his head, before he himself rushed towards the underground lake, heading deeper down below.

……

Luo Feng expanded his spiritual energy to cover the underground city and rushed quickly deeper below.

“Head and Thunder God, and the others who know of the Crystal’s powers, never mentioned exactly what it does!” Luo Feng’s expression was cold, “Their silence only proves one thing…this Mu Ya crystal definitely has the capability to drive people mad.” To be able to get a universe treasure down on earth was an extremely rare opportunity.

Luo Feng didn’t dare to relax at all.

Swiftly searching, about 25 minutes later.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng.: A voice came from his tactical communications watch.

“Jia Yi.” Luo Feng responded.

“Congratulations, your Head has just acquired a Mu Ya Crystal. It was however seen by seven or eight other people.” Jia Yi said.

“Oh.”

Luo Feng was a little shocked, it was barely half an hour and the second crystal was discovered, and acquire by Hong no less.

After breaking the transmission, Luo Feng focused harder on the search: “The first crystal was eaten by a monster, the second was acquired by Hong. This underground place…must have many more crystals!”

Another 16 minutes passed.

Within the darkness of the rock stratum, the lake water flowed between the cracks of the rock stratum, a nauseous smell suddenly emanated from the rocks. Luo Feng habitually took another whiff, star travellers had a developed sense of smell, and this allowed Luo Feng to detect within that nauseous smell, a sense of that familiar rice smell from before!

“That’s it!” With the experience from before, Luo Feng came to a conclusion.

“Over there!”

Luo Feng’s eyes lit up.

Whoosh!

The black helmet on his head became a drill and the Soaring Shuttle below him took off, “Chi Chi…” The rock broke apart as though it was tofu, splitting apart away as Luo Feng drilled through with amazing speed towards the fragrant smell.

A loud mix of voices resounded with curse and swears in them!

“Hm?” There were already a few star traveller warriors who had battled there, leaving big holes in the underground cave. Luo Feng had rushed straight in, only to be rudely shocked when he discovered…

At the side, a seemingly south Asian fighter had had his body split into 2, lying on the rock floor. While his body was cleanly broken into two portions, with his big and small intestines lying outside, his upper half was still struggling. A short while after, all movements stopped. A silhouette scuttled over and kneeled beside him: “Maha, Maha.”

“You actually killed Maha?”

“Representative Farr, you people were too much.”

The three indians were staring at the others in rage, on the other side stood 4 star travellers from the European Union.

“One single wargod, should obediently give up the Mu Ya Crystal. We would’ve spare his life that way. If you resist, you are looking for death.” One of the four representatives from the European Union laughed coldly, all 4 were representatives, while the Indian side had only two representatives out of the three remaining.

“Luo Feng?”

“Let’s go.”

The European Union’s four members noticed Luo Feng’s arrival, immediately turning and drilling into the rock stratum, leaving swiftly.

“Bastard.” The Indians gritted their teeth.

“They actually killed someone?” Luo Feng looked at the corpse on the floor, before using his watch communicator to contact his Head, “Head, Head, this is Luo Feng. Where I’m at, a European group just snatched a Mu Ya Crystal away from an Indian group, killing one of the Indian Wargods in the process.”

“They finally started killing.” Hong’s voice sounded through the communicator, “Luo Feng, within such a short time, each country’s men have brushed against each other in this search, this is the first murder. You’d better be careful. This is a war between countries, not just one between the dojos. It can be cruel beyond comparison.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng answered softly.

Representing each country’s fighters, fighting for the crystals. Even if they killed others, who was going to judge them? No one could.

Luo Feng gazed at the group collecting the body: “With insufficient power, getting the treasure would only mean disaster.” With that, he left!

Late at night, 10:56, the first crystal was swallowed by the earth dragon, evolving it to the earth dragon king before being killed by Hong.

Late night 11:31, the second crystal was discovered and acquired by Hong.

Late night 11:47, the third crystal is discovered, acquired by a group from the European Union, also the first death has occurred. As such, whatever reservations everybody had before were now gone and the search became more violent with more bloodshed!

Late night 0:12, the 4th crystal is discovered and acquired by the American group. The American and Russian groups had a big battle for the crystal, resulting in three representatives being heavily injured, one of them had his internal organs destroyed. Luckily, he used the ‘Life Water’ in time, or the team would have lost a representative.

As time passed, every side got crazier.

Late night 1:56, almost 2 hours since it began, the 5th and 6th crystals were discovered and acquired by Thunder God! While the other star travellers looked on with envy, they didn’t dare challenge him.

……

The 6th crystal has been acquired. Excluding the one eaten by the earth dragon, earth’s gathered forces of star travellers had already acquired a total of five crystals!

“What good luck, getting two crystals in one go.”

The underground cavern had been blasted open, with over 10 star travellers gazing at Thunder God and the two crystals emitting light from within his left hand. They were all green with envy, but even Hong, who was at the side didn’t attack, how could the rest of them attack?

“Head Hong, I’ll be taking the lead.” Thunder God laughed at Hong who was rushing over.

“Two of them?” Hong shook his head helplessly.

“Go, continue the search.” Hong turned and left, ‘Beast” and Luo Feng from the Dojo of Limits all left to continue their hunt. Beast, the most powerful royal guard,had only just arrived an hour ago.

……

“Five crystals have been found.”

“One for the Head, one for the European Union, one for America and two for Thunder God.”

Luo Feng immediately drilled downwards, with one breath, he dug about 4000m deep, beginning his search at that level.

“Searching wise, I, Luo Feng, and the 4th representative Eastbourne are star traveller spirit readers. We should be the most adept at scanning. Yet the both of us have yet to get a crystal.” Luo Feng felt a sense of longing after seeing Thunder God and his two crystals. He began to focus and search more seriously.

About half an hour later.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng’s nose picked up a smell, smelling again, “Yes, it’s the smell of rice!”

Luo Feng grew excited, rushing straight to where the smell emanated from. The search for the crystals had to be quick, the moment one hesitated, others would grab it away.

“Pu!”

Breaking through a layer of rock, the sound of water gurgling could be heard. This was a place where water was flowing thinly through cracks, and when Luo Feng smashed through, the fragrant smell of rice emanated over, he turned…his pupils contracted from shock!

“My god.” Luo Feng could feel his own heartbeat stop for a moment, blood rushing to his brain.

Through the thin stream within the darkness, three white crystals were glowing faintly, floating and emanating a fragrant rice smell.

“Three crystals!”

“Three Mu Ya Crystals!” Luo Feng couldn’t help but be shocked, and reached for the crystals immediately!

The shapeless spirit energy became like a shapeless big hand, swiftly grabbing the crystals from 20m away and keeping them.

“Peng!”

A loud rumble sounded.

Three silhouettes crashed through one after another through the rock stratum, one of them was the Ice Emperor Mo Henderson, and two other representatives from the European Union.

“Three Mu Ya Crystals!”

“Three of them!”

The three could barely see the shape of the three crystals as they landed in Luo Feng’s grasp.

“It’s mine.” Luo Feng’s glare was firm and apprehensive.

“Come.” Luo Feng immediately took the 3 crystals into his black god set, unless he was killed, they would never obtain the crystals. Luo Feng’s directed an icy cold stare towards the 2 European Union representatives and then to the target from before, the 3rd chairman Ice Emperor Mo Henderson.

“I’ll be going first.” Luo Feng transformed into a black light, drilling into the rock stratum.


Chapter 214: Mu Ya Crystal Feast

“They didn’t chase me, that Mo Henderson is probably worrying about the last time he became my target.” Luo Feng swiftly flew through the rock stratum, his anxiousness relaxing a little.

He initially thought Mo Henderson and the other two would attack, but he met no obstruction, even after he left into the rock layers.

The three thought that even if they tried, they didn’t have the power to stop him.

The European Union’s two representative warriors, watched wide eyed as Luo Feng left. They couldn’t help but feel urgent and helpless, turning towards Mo Henderson, one of them, a middle aged man with brown curly hair said: “3rd representative, that was three whole crystals, how could you just stand by and watch as Luo Feng take them away.

“Three crystals.” The other chimed in urgently.

“Heng!”

The Ice Emperor looked coldly at the two, he had known of these two’s intentions from the start, laughing coldly, “Bo Ni Te, if you two want the crystal, go get it yourselves! If you think you can use me Mo Henderson, you must be dreaming!” Once finished, the Ice Emperor became a silhouette and dug into the rock stratum, breaking apart huge chunks of the rock.

Only the two from the European Union remained, their bodies began to emit a burning flame and a green light, causing all the rocks around them to float up.

“That’s weird.”

“What caused this Mo Henderson’s temperament to change?”

The two representatives from the European Union looked at each other, feeling helpless. Watching Luo Feng get away with three Mu Ya Crystals, they were definitely envious…However Luo Feng killed Li Yao even before he broke through to the star traveller level, now that he was one, he was definitely stronger and not something the two of them could deal with.

They had hoped Mo Henderson would have attacked! They had calculated that if the 3rd representative had attacked as they hoped, the two would have been able to at least snatch away one of the crystals in the scuffle.

“This Ice Emperor had such a bad temper before. His tyranny, who doesn’t know?”

“Hmm, he is overbearing, I really thought he’d attack just now, not just stand there without doing anything.”

“Bo Ni Te, I heard that the Ice Emperor had a fight with Luo Feng during the appearance of the first crystal.” The blonde curly haired white man spoke softly, “I thought it was just rumors before, but at the looks of it, I would say that news is 8 or 9 out of 10 true. In fact, during the fight, the Ice Emperor might have been losing, or just unable to gain an advantage.:

“Oh? The brown haired middle aged man stared blankly.

“Unless Luo Feng’s power made him worry, otherwise how could he not attack? Do you remember, just for one crystal earlier, the Ice Emperor brought backup to fight with the Soviet Russia’s side, resulting in a huge battle! If he did that just for one, how could he do nothing for three!” The blonde’s eyes were lit brightly.

“Makes sense. That’s right, we should quickly spread the news of Luo Feng’s three crystals!”

“Yes, we cannot let him just get them too comfortably.”

……

These two representatives, along with the Ice Emperor Mo Henderson, swiftly spread the news of Luo Feng attaining the three crystals!

Deep in the darkness of the underground, a decayed smell permeated the air.

“Luo Feng.”

A message tone came from his watch’s communicator, Luo Feng immediately responded: “Head.”

“You acquired three Mu Ya crystals?” Hong’s voice came through the communicator.

Luo Feng was a little shocked, the news sure spread quickly. He had just obtained the three crystals not a minute ago and the Head already knew. Several thoughts quickly formed in his head, Luo Feng answered: “Yes, Head.”

“Very good, stay there, I’m coming immediately.” Hong said.

Awhile later…

Hong!

A black light broke through the rock stratum, appearing beside Luo Feng, it was a black clothed Hong.

“Head.” Luo Feng bowed his body slightly.

“Luo Feng, your luck is really good.” Hong couldn’t help but laugh and compliment, “You obtained three Mu Ya crystals, as per our earlier agreement…60% belongs to you, which means 1.8 crystals. To round it off, you’ve obtained two crystals, the last one goes to the Dojo of Limits.”

“Yes, Head.” Luo Feng didn’t hesitate and handed one crystal over.

Hong raised his hand and kept the crystal that emanated a fragrant rice smell.

Rumble!

Two silhouettes immediately appeared beside them, drawn in by the fragrant rice smell, Jia Yi and Zhu Xi noticed that it was actually Hong and Luo Feng. Jia Yi was surprised and couldn’t help but laugh: “1st representative has obtained yet another crystal, congratulations.”

“It’s nothing, it’s just that Luo Feng just obtained three crystals and passed me one, that’s all.” Hong replied.

“Oh?”

Jia Yi looked at Luo Feng, “Then truly congratulations.” Following that, he took Zhu Xi along with him and left.

After watching the two leave, Hong turned over to Luo Feng, smiling: “Luo Feng, these crystals are extremely dangerous…if you meet anybody else, tell them you’ve passed all of them to me. They won’t give you any trouble then. While you may be pretty strong right now, if several other representatives teamed up, you’ll be in danger.”

Luo Feng nodded his head slightly.

Indeed…

The Soaring Shuttle could only attack one person at a time, if several representatives teamed up and attacked him, with his weaker physical body compared to them, he would definitely be in danger.

“Continue. This misty island seems to be hiding many more Mu Ya crystals.” Hong let out a rare smile, before turning and digging into the rock stratum.

“What powers did these crystals have?”

Luo Feng watched as his Head left, heart filled with suspicion, “The fact that the Head and the others have refused to say anything, I shall not question then. Forget it..I’ll work hard to collect more of them. There can only be good, no bad from collecting more!” remembering how he couldn’t even attain the spirits of nature, he knew that attaining these treasures were extremely difficult.

While he may be a star traveller, this did not guarantee he could get the spirits of nature.

He definitely had to take advantage of this opportunity and get more crystals!

……

Since 2:30, Luo Feng alone acquired three crystals, making Man’s total seven to nine crystals. It seemed Earth’s warriors had run out of luck right after, with a solid three hours of no yield.

Early morning 6:08, Hua Xia finally obtained their first crystal, making the total yield to man ten crystals.

Afternoon 8:36, India obtained one, making it eleven crystals in total.

At about the same time, the 12th was obtained by Hong.

This was an excavation that shook the entire earth!

Before long, it was the 2nd day’s dusk 5:31. It had been a total of nearly 20 hours since the beginning of the search, a total of eighteen crystals were discovered by Man, excluding the one eaten by the earth dragon king, the other seventeen had all been acquired. Of course the eighteen crystals news was openly broadcasted.

Several country’s powers, individuals had discovered and acquired some of the crystals alone and kept them, without letting anybody know.

That means to say…

While the official count was: 18 discovered, acquired 17; The truth remained that the total count should have exceeded twenty crystals!

……

It was at dusk 5:31, the biggest haul was to be welcomed by Man’s warriors, a total of eight crystals together had appeared! The first to discover these eight crystals were none other than Luo Feng and the European Union’s Eastbourne and a few others, however the eight had emanated such a strong fragrant smell that many more would come.

Within a few seconds, the number of star travellers caught in the battle grew to ten!

……

2000m underground in that expansive underground river, ten star travellers were engaged in battle!

“Careful, Luo Feng.”

“Get out of the way.”

Two representatives from the American side nervously shouted.

“Ang!”

It was as though the sound of space and time had been ripped apart, a golden light, almost like an invitation from the King of Hell, violently smashed into a black representative’s abdomen region, smashing his SS grade battle armor immediately. The dreaded golden light later went on to heavily attack the black god set within, causing the black man to violently smash into the side rocks, shaking the entire area. Following a quick silence, a large number of cracks were seen and rubble began to fall.

“Pu…” The black representative spit out fresh blood, body sprawled against the wall and sliding down.

“Life water.” While falling, he took out a test tube and threw it into his mouth.

Ka Cha!

Biting straight into the test tube, he quickly absorbed the life water. “Pu.” The black representative spit out the broken glass pieces mixed with traces of blood.

“Move out of the way!”

Luo Feng roared, directing his attention to another fighter ‘Eastbourne’.

“Ang…”

Transforming into the ‘Mountain Drill’, the soaring shuttle became a golden light and charged straight towards the 4th representative ‘Eastbourne’, Eastbourne hardly managed to use his spirit energy to control his concealed weapons to withstand Luo Feng’s attacks and to luckily dodge.

“Good job.” A totally blonde man who resembled a lion’s big physique punched heavily, sending star travellers one after another flying, roared excitedly, grabbing one of the crystals.

“Wild Beast, beautiful.” Luo Feng shouted.

“Be careful Allure.” Ice Mountain shouted from the side.

A white silver sword was heading in Allure’s direction sneakily.

……

This was a messy battle.

Within a short 10 seconds, the thick fragrant smell emanating from the crystals had attracted eighteen star travellers, it was by good fortune that Ice Mountain, Allure and Wild Beast all three were present, giving a big help to Luo Feng! This allowed the Dojo of Limits to have a great advantage in power over the battle, giving them the opportunities to grab the crystals.

“It’s too crazy, eight crystals appearing together?” Luo Feng couldn’t believe it.

“This underground lake, the first crystal appeared upstream, even after careful searching, one would never expect eight to pop out like that.” Luo Feng had realized that these floating crystals were moving about on their own.

“Why isn’t the Head here yet?” Allure shouted.

“The head will be here soon!” Wild Beast roared.

“Make way.”

Luo Feng fiercely roared.

“Ang…”

The familiar spiraling began again, The European Union, America, India and the HR Alliance members were all painfully suffering. In the big battle for the sudden appearance of eight crystals, Luo Feng’s special attack has really made a name for itself! That golden light…

Extremely fast attack speed and crazy amounts of power!

Even the 3rd chairman Ice Emperor cannot dodge it!

Even the 4th chairman Eastbourne, who was similarly a spirit reader couldn’t totally dodge it.

“Weird, too weird. The moment my spiritual energy tries to exert any force on his golden light weapon…the moment it gets close, the golden energy actually rips it apart.” Eastbourne was troubled over the mysterious power of the soaring shuttle.

Such strong penetrative powers! Even my spirit energy gets ripped apart when it gets close!

“Hong!”

The surrounding air shook, a black silhouette appeared amidst the battlefield and the star travellers.

It was as though time had stopped!

The black domain quickly engulfed the area, almost as though it was a god’s domain, spreading swiftly to a 100m area, placing Luo Feng and the twenty star travellers within it.

“What.”

Luo Feng felt as though he was an average person being pushed down by several hundred kg’s of force, unable to walk or lift his arms properly. As though there were countless plants and vines wrapped around his arms. He couldn’t move at all! In Hong’s Domain, no one could resist at all, everyone fell silent.

……

In the air above the underground lake, everybody stopped their battles.

Hong reached and acquired the last available crystal before going over to Luo Feng and company’s side. Allure immediately reported: Reporting to Head, the four of us acquired a total of four crystals, the main thing is Luo Feng discovered them and even in the battle he was the decisive factor, stopping both the 3rd and the 4th representative.

“Hm.” Hong nodded his head slightly, before turning to Luo Feng, “Luo Feng.”

“Head.” Luo Feng replied.

Hong nodded his head:” Not bad!”

……

The battle had barely lasted 30 seconds and the Dojo of Limits was the biggest winner, acquiring four Mu Ya Crystals, America got one, the European Union got one, the HR Alliance got two and the Indian group got none.

Watching Hong and his crew leave, the other star travellers began their discussions.

“4 crystals. The Dojo of Limits have gotten quite a reward.”

“It was mostly Luo Feng, who held down the 3rd and 4th representative.”

“Luo Feng’s attacks are scary.”

“Such power, if not for the Life Water, there would be at least three dead representatives from him.

“Even the 3rd and 4th representative couldn’t do anything about him.

The representatives were all softly discussing, they had previously respected Luo Feng but had not cared or worried too much about him. But they had never seen such power from Luo Feng, or the extent at which he was on par with both the 3rd and 4th representative. They made a mental note to themselves never to cross paths with Luo Feng!

They believed in their hearts…

The earth’s strongest were Hong and Thunder God!

The next level would be Luo feng, the 3rd,4th and 5th representatives!

Jia Yi, Yan Hai and a few other level 2 star travellers, along with with level 1 star travellers with special skills, a little over 10 people, these formed the 3rd level.

The remaining 40 plus level 1 star travellers formed the 4th level of strength!

“Let’s go! Seize the time and look for more crystals.” The Indian representatives started shouting out.

“Quickly, quickly, quickly.” Ice Emperor shouted, clearly anxious and rushed.

Immediately…

A large number of star travellers flew swiftly and separated, the Mu Ya Crystal Feast had yet to end!


Chapter 215: Earth’s Most Powerful Weapon Appears!

China, year 2059, 8th January Night 11:36. The continent of Australia where the Misty Island stood was however, afternoon.

Peng!

From the vast surface of the lake, Luo Feng broke through from below, floating in mid air.

“It’s been three days since I’ve seen sunlight.” Luo Feng raised his head towards the blue sky, watching as several monsters flew past, before looking back down at the lake, “within three days the excavation of the Mu Ya Crystals have almost finished. The biggest haul was done on the first day, the second had a lot less and the 3rd, so far there’s only been two.”

However, just by comparison, his haul over the three days have been pretty good.

Firstly, his luck has always been good, coming across three crystals in one go.

Secondly, as a star traveller level spirit reader, his searching ability was originally amongst the top three… with these two factors together, Luo Feng on his own found another crystal, making it his 5th! If he included the ones he worked together with Ice Mountain, Allure and the other royal guards, there would be many more.

“Luo Feng.” The Head’s voice transmitted from his watch’s communicator, Luo Feng’s watch had been in constant contact with the Head and a few others these three days.

“Head.” Luo Feng replied.

“Come to where I’m at.”

“Yes.”

Luo Feng followed the coordinates in his watch and locked in, “Hm? He was actually 2000m underground. At one of that underground lake’s bends.”

Sou!

Luo Feng immediately dug down, breaking through the surface of the water and swiftly underground.

At a particular point at the vast underground lake.

The black clothed Hong, along with the three royal guards wearing their golden masks, Allure, Beast and Ice Mountain, plus the other investigators from the Dojo of Limits, all of them were gathered together. “Luo Feng!” The ceiling broke apart and Luo Feng came down, floating back up the moment he touched the surface of the lake below.

“Head.” Luo Feng shouted.

“Hm, we’ll begin in a moment, others haven’t arrived.” Hong nodded his head, looking at Luo Feng with a sense of accomplishment…

From the Dojo of Limits, Hong being the strongest on earth had acquired the biggest returns, next in line would be Luo Feng!

Luo Feng, in this Crystal Feast/battle, had made a name for himself! All of Earth’s star travellers were clear, with his current power, he was already able to break into the 2nd tier of strength! To be able to compete with the 3rd, 4th and 5th chairmen on the same level. This was truly a frightening power.

Out of those three charimen, the 3rd and 5th were level 3 star travellers! The 4th was Eastbourne, a level 2 star traveller spirit reader!

With such a general under the Dojo of Limits, Hong was indeed happy.

“Hu.”

Another silhouette flew in, this was one of the Dojo’s investigators Liu He, “Head.” Liu He paid respects to the Head before flying towards Luo Feng and the others, laughing: “Luo Feng, You’ve earned big this time. We four other investigators have yet to even come close to your earnings.”

“Luck, just luck.” Luo Feng politely laughed.

Hong initially only brought Luo Feng, Allure and Ice Mountain, later on bringing Beast. The other five investigators weren’t brought along…

However…

When the news of the Mu Ya Crystal spread out, The Dojo of Limits other five investigators knew of the crystals’ worth, and that a good number of earth’s star travellers were all gathered there at Mist Island. Immediately, Liu He, Vladmir and the others took a fighter jet over.

However, those that missed the initial excavation chance naturally had lesser returns.

“Alright, everyone is here.” Hong looked towards the three royal guards and the six investigators and immediately secluded the surrounding space.

“This time, our Dojo of Limits have had a bountiful return.”

Hong couldn’t help but smile, “Following our agreement, discovering the crystal and finally acquiring it, the discoverer gets 30% while the person who battled for it gets 30%, finally the remaining 40% goes to the Dojo.”

“Beast, you discovered one on your own, so you get 60%, 0.6. You also helped in battle three times, considering you had different contributions for all three battles, they add up to 1.2 crystals. So ultimately, you get 1.8 Mu Ya crystals.” Hong reported.

“Yes, Head.” royal guard Beast respectfully replied.

“Allure… in total, you get 1.6 crystals.”

“Ice Mountain…in total, you get 2.2 crystals.”

“Liu He…in total, you get 0.3 crystals.”

……

Going through their efforts and calculations, everybody’s returns were calculated.

“Finally, Luo Feng, who earned the most this time. He singlehandedly acquired four crystals, following the 60% rule, this equals 2.4 crystals. Joining forces in battle 4 times, with different contributions, these add up to 2.1 crystals. Finally, they come up to 4.5 crystals.” Hong finished and began distributing the crystals.

Luo Feng first handed in the Mu Ya crystals he had and then received four Mu Ya crystals.

Allure received one.

Ice Mountain received two.

……

“For each crystal, I can give you twenty stars worth!” Hong commanded, “For example, Luo Feng, you currently have four in your hand, in your account you still have 0.5. This means just from your account you have ten stars! Of course you can use the crystals to trade.”

“It’s the same for everyone else.”

“Once we return to base, you can use your crystals to trade for stars, which can be further used to buy items and goods.” Hong said.

Hearing Hong’s words, the three royal guards and six investigators smiled.

“Luo Feng, you earned so much this time. One crystal gives you twenty stars, you have 4.5, that equates to ninety stars! You can even buy a prehistoric level auto jet” Liu He laughed, “I’m so poor, with just 0.3 crystals, that equates to 6 stars only, nothing compared to you…”

“Just luck, just luck.” Luo Feng humbly laughed.

In actual fact, he had actually acquired five crystals, not just four.

During the excavation, most of the news of discoveries were official and public. However, there were times when crystals were discovered without anybody else around. Luo Feng’s four out of five crystals were discovered with others around, one in exception was in secret, so he naturally hid it.

This was actually an unspoken rule.

To be able to acquire one without anybody else finding out, just hide it. Hong too knew about this rule, if no one realized one’s wrongdoing, one would have no enemies. Hong wouldn’t be too strict. What’s more, the returns to the Dojo were already 40 crystals, it was definitely enough.

“Right now, Misty Island’s underground lake, not much of the crystals are left.” Hong looked towards his people, “Our search shall officially end here, those who want to return can go while those who want to further try their luck can stay and search! Whoever finds anything from here can keep 100% of it. However, almost the entire area has been searched, so don’t get your hopes too high.”

“Yes. Head.”

Luo Feng and others exchanged a few more words before separating.

Liu He who came later was determined to get more, thus continuing their search. Beast on the other hand was getting ready to return to the main base.

“You guys go ahead and search, I’m fine.”

“Luo Feng, you’ve already gotten so many, naturally you are fine, hm, I’ll head on first to search.”

Luo Feng and Liu He parted ways, before digging fiercely 3000m below the lake. Gathering his spirit energy to create a cave.

Using his mini quantum computer.

“Hello.”

Luo Feng contacted Xu Xin’s phone. Earth’s communication systems were far more advanced. Other than special areas like archaeological ruin #9, even in the deep underground or in the rock stratum, one could easily get a signal! This was a great discovery from the archaeological ruins.

“Luo Feng, you are only calling me now, what’ve you been doing?” The screen display lit up, Xu Xin was wrapped in a bathrobe, hair still dripping wet.

“I’ve been at the continent of Australia these few days.” Luo Feng laughed.

“Oh? I heard that the whole world, HR Alliance all went over there. Right, what have you all been doing exactly? Even my grandfather hasn’t been granted access to the information, the HR Alliance say it’s SSS grade news and we are not allowed to it.” Xu Xin was filled with curiosity.

“Getting treasures, they are called Mu Ya Crystals.” Luo Feng answered.

“Mu Ya Crystals, what are they for?” Xu Xin was curious.

“I’m not sure either, I just know they are infinitely valuable, converted to money, a huge passenger plane’s price doesn’t even come close to one crystal.” Luo Feng paced around in the cave as he talked.

“What? That’s not possible right?” Xu Xin was alarmed.

‘Right, your entire Xu Family’s wealth added together, can’t even buy one crystal.” Luo Feng nodded his head.

“Oh my god.” Xu Xin finally understood why even her family didn’t have the authority to receive the news.

Luo Feng wasn’t lying.

The price Hong put on the crystals was twenty stars, one must know that dragon’s blood was only worth one star! One portion of dragon’s blood was worth 80 billion, one could only imagine the crystal’s worth…not to mention the crystals were worth more than weapons and armies to the countries! It wasn’t something that could be measured with gold or money!

No one would trade the crystals for money!

It’s worth far surpassed the world’s currency. In truth, the twenty star price that Hong put one it was pretty low, but since more that ten crystals appeared in the world suddenly, he couldn’t give too high a price.

“One crystal alone is worth more than my family’s fortune.” Xu Xin was shocked.

“Surprised? In this battle for the crystals, the number of wargods who died was more than twenty! The number of representatives who died was three! If it wasn’t for the elixir of life, I’m afraid more than ten representatives would have died!” Luo Feng initial news didn’t seem to shake Xu Xin much, hence he reported something more shocking.

“Representatives, beings that have surpassed the wargod level? Three died?” Xu Xin was deeply shocked by this news.

Luo Feng was still in the deep underground cave, pacing step by step while looking at the quantum computer screen. Seeing Xu Xin’s shocked expression was interesting to him.

“Hm?”

Pacing around the cave, Luo Feng suddenly felt pain at his soles! “What’s going on?” Luo Feng stepped back, cold sweat dripping from his head, moving his body about 10m away. He was a star traveller spirit reader, donning a SS Grade battle armor along with a black god set! With this kind of defense, what kind of attack could let his leg feel pain?

He didn’t even realize it happened.

“Just what could it be?” Luo Feng used his spirit energy to sweep the area.

His spirit energy swept the area.

The place where he felt pain before lay a piece of rock that had an item stuck in it.

“This is?” Luo Feng controlled his breathing and walked over.

Reaching out to the rock which held a blood red broken shard, he realized it was really heavy! Laying as big as his palm, Luo Feng felt it weighed about a ton, far surpassing the density of any known material on earth.

A broken blood red shard. One side was a sharp knife’s edge.

This shard, should have come from a battle knife or sword.

Who knew how long this shard had been stuck in this rock, and all he did was step on it and it hurt.

“My leg?” Luo Feng lifted his right leg to check, the SS grad battle armor was slit open! There was an open slit! As though the armor was sliced open like tofu.

“My god.”

Luo Feng stared at the slit, shocked.

“This, this, this…” Luo Feng was stuttering, face flushed.

“This is a SS grade battle armor.”

What exactly was the SS Grade Battle armor? It could withstand an attack by a king level monster, only after repeated attacks by a king level monster would it break apart! Just like the Mountain Drill, only with Luo Feng’s twelve blades joining forces can it break apart an SS grade battle armor.

Otherwise, even with the Mountain Drill, even if it was a wargod, one couldn’t break the SS grade battle armor.

“My god.”

“I didn’t use any strength, just walking and just by stepping on it, it cut through the ss grade battle armor?” Luo Feng’s hand held the blood red knife shard, just grasping it and he could feel an indescribable fear, almost as though that shard could cut through anything or material.

“It, just how sharp is it.” Luo Feng immediately took off his battle armor.

Right hand holding the shard.

Xiu!

He easily swung it around.

Pu! Pu! Pu! Almost like cutting tofu, the SS grade armor was immediately cut into small pieces falling on the floor, with hardly any resistance.

“I haven’t even used much of my strength, about 10% maybe, and it easily cut through the SS material.”

“If I use my full strength, cutting through the monster emperor’s defense should be easy too.”

With that thought, Luo Feng’s heart pounded.

Almost like seeing a ghost while he stared at the shard, this was a divine weapon! Stronger by who knows how much than his Soaring Shuttle, with just a shard, it can cut through the SS armor like tofu!

This weapon was too powerful.

This weapon was scary enough to threaten the monster emperor, maybe even Hong or Thunder God.

“No.”

“This weapon is too scary; I cannot reveal it at the moment. Once it’s out…no matter how much they respect me, Hong or Thunder God would never allow such a powerful weapon to stay in my hands.” Luo Feng was clear on this point, that this was the most powerful weapon on earth! An unbelievably powerful weapon!

“Just, just who does it belong to?”

“How, how did it even break?”

Luo Feng carefully analyzed the blood red shard in his hands as he felt the ancient powers it held within it…who knew just how old these powers were.


Chapter 216: Archaeological Ruin

Grasping the blood red shard in his palm, Luo Feng was nervous and trembling! There was no way he wouldn’t be nervous, this was such a miraculous discovery, almost as though a beggar suddenly discovered in an abandoned factory 10 piles of gold, piles as tall as two people. This discovery was extremely shocking.

With just a little strength, he could cut through the SS grade armor. This would drive anyone on earth crazy.

“Hu.”

“Calm down.”

This kind of excitement persisted for some time before he started calming down, taking his time to carefully sort out the situation.

“Obviously, this is a shard from a knife!”

“I am a spirit reader, I can use my spirit energy to control it, using it as one of my flying blades to attack the enemy. However…for Hong and Thunder God, this shard’s abilities shouldn’t be as attractive to them as I thought. “Calm down, Luo Feng understood, “Hong and Thunder God are fighters! Hong uses a spear while Thunder God uses a battle sword. This shard is practically useless to them!”

“Smelting weapon? With this kind of special material, smelting it would definitely be too difficult and impossible.”

While Luo Feng didn’t understand much about the blood red shard in his hand, within the short amount of time he had with it, he understood that this was an extremely scary weapon, a weapon shard! That weapon shard, how could it withstand extreme high and low temperatures? Hong and Thunder God wouldn’t be able to use it effectively!

This little shard…was meant for a spirit reader to control and use.

“No matter, without a 100% guarantee of a way to protect myself, I’ll be better off not using this shard yet!” Luo Feng made a quick decision, “From today, I’ll keep this shard on myself at all times, never ever taking it out. Unless a situation arises where I have to deal with an enemy, it shall remain hidden. However once it’s out, I have to kill the enemy no matter what!”

In his heart, Luo Feng had decided the shard would be his trump card!

Even with the full strength of the Mountain Drill, it took power and effort to break through the SS armor, this shard however was way more powerful!

“Go!”

Luo Feng’s intentions moved, surrounding the shard with spirit energy, at the same time taking off the armor from his left foot and right foot using his spirit energy to hover them in mid air.

“Break!”

The knife shard, under the control of his spirit energy became a red light, “Pu, pu, pu” very light sounds, the two battle boots, under the red light’s attack, quickly got slashed apart. This led Luo Feng to pause as the two boots became a large number of torn bits, falling from mid air.

“It’s really powerful.”

“Even the speed of flight is amazingly fast, more than 10 times faster than the speed of sound, without any sonic booms.” Luo Feng took a deep cold breath.

Normal wargods used weapons that weighed a few hundred kg and could travel several times the speed of sound.

Luo Feng, a level 1 star traveller spirit reader, controlling a weapon shard that weighed a ton, this speed was normal! However going by theory, the speed shouldn’t be that fast as he was using light knife blades, flying knives. It was only through experiment that he realized something weird.

This weapon shard, travelling 10 times the speed of sound, slicing through the air, never actually caused any sonic booms!

Under the pressure of the weapon shard, it was as though even the air was sliced apart easily! The air resistance was… extremely low. One must know, the faster something was, the high the air resistance. Yet, this weapon shard was extremely fast and met with very little air resistance, while it may be heavier than the flying blades he normally used, it wasn’t slower by much.

“Such low air resistance. If a battle sword was made with this, it’s speed would be frighteningly faster by many times.” Luo Feng was liking this this weapon shard more and more.

Luo Feng looked at his Black God Set.

“Black God Set!”

“The black god set is well known for its defensive capabilities, extremely durable and sturdy! I wonder if this weapon shard can break through the black god set!” Luo Feng’s head was filled with this thought, unable to resist the temptation. With a thought, the arm on the black god set extended to 3 m long.

The blood red shard floated not too far away.

“Is this weapon shard’s attack power stronger, or the black god set’s defensive powers?” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up.

“Go!”

With a thought, the blood red shard increased its speed in an instant to become a red flash! Owing to it’s own specially built properties, with very low air resistance, one could barely hear a faint sound of wind from its movements. At that moment, the red weapon shard had already cut into the black god set’s thumb.

Pu!

Almost like cutting tree root, with large amounts of plants and vegetation wrapping around the shard, it was obviously difficult.

“Pu!”

With extreme difficulty, the shard finally cut through!

The black god set’s thumb swayed for a moment, before naturally, like water flowing, swiftly joining back together, as though it had never been damaged.

“It actually broke through?”

“My god,”

Luo Feng’s heart was really excited! He knew no matter how powerful the defensive capabilities of the black god set was, it should have its limits. There couldn’t be no attack that could penetrate it’s 9 layers! However…he, just a level 1 star traveller spirit leader, with the help of the miraculous weapon shard actually had the power to cut through the black god set.

While it was for only a brief moment, the black god set repaired itself perfectly after.

But Luo Feng remembered it very clearly.

“Great. But this black god set’s defensive capabilities are definitely formidable, I cut through the SS amor like tofu and yet it was so difficult to cut through the black god set. No wonder even at full strength, my Mountain Drill couldn’t break the black god set.” Luo Feng was delighted, he knew from today…

If he was caught in a real deathmatch.

Even if the 3rd, 4th or 5th representative faced himself, would be courting death!

However against Thunder God or Hong, he didn’t have such guarantee.

“Finding both the Mu Ya Crystals and this weapon shard.” Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat, “Will there be other treasures, like other pieces of this weapon shard?”

With this thought, Luo Feng apologized to Xu Xin who was still on the line, and continued his search.

About 15600 m underground, deep in the thick rock stratum.

“Locked on target.”

“Acquired the shard of the outer layer.”

“Change suggestion, begin luring”

A small ripple of change undetectable by the naked eyes had begun, from the deepest parts of the underground in a straight line along the rock stratum…reaching the currently excavating Luo Feng. This thing, which was invisible to the naked eye, apparatuses, and spiritual force travelled straight into Luo Feng’s thoughts.

……

Luo Feng was gradually heading deeper.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked at his communicator. He was receiving a call.

“Hello.” Luo Feng answered.

“Luo Feng, it’s me Liu He! Have you found anything, any more crystals? Countless representatives have been searching but have yet to even discover a strand of hair.” Liu He was unresigned.

“I haven’t found any crystals myself, it’s all based on luck.” Luo Feng laughed.

“Hm, I’ve discussed with the others. We intend to search for another 6 hours, if we find nothing, we’ll head back.” Liu He said, “We can go back together then.”

“Ok.”

Luo Feng was all smiles. He ended the call.

“I’ve been searching for so long and have yet to discover another shard piece. Hm, I’ll have to dig deeper. After such a long time, with the transformations of the world and the movement of the earth etc, such a mysterious weapon should have sunk to the deepest parts of the earth.” Luo Feng proceeded to go deeper, until he reached 9000m underground.

9000m, 10000m, 11000, 12000…

Deeper and deeper!

Finally, 15000m!

……

“Arrived at the destination.”

“Hide the cabin door, close.”

This deep underground, there was a huge accumulation of rock stratum, and at that moment, a particular rock began to shake and rumble, before ‘Hu’, like a bubbly bursting, that rock just vanished, revealing behind it…

A half opened cabin door covered in dust!

……

Luo Feng was heading deeper without a destination, just following a hunch, that if there were any other shards around, they would be here.

“I’ll head this way.”

Luo Feng was moving purely on instinct, heading deeper to follow that path. However the strange thing was…every move he made to follow that path, was leading him closer and closer to that ancient cabin door, until finally…

“RUMBLE”:

Breaking through the rock stratum, Luo Feng turned around. While it was dark, a star traveller’s eyesight allowed Luo Feng to see clearly through the narrow cracks that there was metal.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng used his spirit energy to clear a large amount of the rocks surrounding the door away, at the same time making a path big enough only for two to pass. At the end of path…lay a dust covered bizarre silver white metal door, and this door was similar to the intelligent battleship doors, left half open.

“What is this?”

“Door?”

Luo feng was shocked.

Deep underground over 1000m below, appears a dust covered door?

“Is this an ancient ruin on earth that has yet to be discovered?” Luo Feng was excited as he knew earth had already discovered many ancient ruins and Hong and Thunder God had received knowledge from these ruins, possibly the reason why Hong and Thunder God managed to stay so high above everybody else in power.

“What door is this?”

Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat, immediately deploying 18 blades from his soaring shuttle. The blades quickly became blurred light, smashing away the rocks surrounding the door.

Chi chi chi…

Once the rocks were cleared, piece by piece falling off, it revealed a similar silver white metal.

“This ancient ruin might just be dangerous.” Luo Feng was like a curious monkey, wanting to eat the peach but worried about the traps that may lie around. Taking one step a time till he was just 20m away.

“Spirit energy sweep.”

20m away from the door, Luo Feng focused his spirit energy along the door and permeated the surface, checking just what lay behind this mysterious door.

“That, that is…”

Luo Feng was dumbfounded, eyes bloodshot from the excitement and shock.


Chapter 217: The 50,000 year corpse

“It’s no wonder so many Mu Ya Crystals have appeared on Misty Island. Historical remains, discovering historical remains was the quickest way to make a name in the world. Hong discovered quite a few remains, thus becoming the earth’s richest, giving him the ability to build his own unique auto jet.” Luo Feng’s black god set started to move, enveloping his whole body.

This ancient ruin seems really big.

One needed to walk in himself before he could examine the whole place!

“One needed to make sacrifices to get results.” Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat, his soaring shuttle immediately took the form of the ‘Mountain Bulwark’, floating his blades along with the blade shard in mid air surrounding him.

Luo Feng squinted his eyes, taking one step at a time towards the cabin door.

The cabin door was about 20m wide, with a 8m deep path, one that was spacious and forked left and right.

“Mu Ya Crystals!” Luo Feng lowered his head, looking straight ahead.

In the ground along the path, small white glowing crystals were all gathered together, 10, 20, 30…a white blur, the thick fragrance of rice as he stepped in through the cabin door suffocated him! Luo Feng bent down, quickly collecting all the floating Mu Ya Crystals, putting them into the black bag on his bag.

As he collected them, he counted each one of them.

“289 crystals!” As he put the last crystal into his back, Luo Feng could feel his heart racing, almost as though someone was beating a big drum inside.

“The combined forces from earth managed to acquire a total of 42 crystals officially! Adding on those that weren’t reported, I’d estimate the total to be about 60.” Luo Feng came up with the rough estimate, everyone of those crystals were worth a fortune to Man!

Hong may have acquired 10 and felt beyond satisfied. He even proposed to Luo Feng and the others; every crystal is worth 20 star points.’

Now…

Luo Feng, just in that cabin, had acquired 289 crystals! Much more than all of earth’s forces combined.

“This must be the real resting place of the crystals, the ones outside can’t be that many.”

“Just the door entrance and there’s 289, I wonder what else is in there.”

Luo Feng was anticipating much more, an archeological ruin can’t just have Mu Ya crystals…in fact just the entrance to it had so many crystals, this proved that this ruin was holding a much bigger treasure inside it! Much bigger and more bountiful than any of earth’s other discovered ruins.

……

Following the pathway, Luo Feng was careful as he stepped in through the dust-covered floor.

Once through the door, the path broke into two paths left and right.

The moment he stepped to the crossroads, looking left and right, stunned, “That, that…” On Luo Feng’s left down the path, the walls were made of a unique metal, however, the walls had huge dents and fist marks, a total of nine huge fist prints.

The path itself had a huge corpse leaning on the pathway!

“Mini quantum computer, scan.” Lupo Feng aimed the mini quantum computer straight at the body.

“The target has no life force, deceased.” The mini quantum computer displayed the words through its screen.

Yes, a corpse!

Luo Feng held his breath, carefully examining the corpse, this corpse’s skin was totally dark, body strong and sturdy. He even donned a special battle armor that was covered in unique patterns, patterns that were much more complicated than those on the soaring shuttle. Both his fists were covered in a special glove, one red pupil still open and looking determined.

“My god.”

The moment Luo Feng made eye contact with the corpse, his heart began trembling, almost like an ant against a giant dragon…

No!

Correctly put, it was like a normal person facing PanGu, the creator of the universe. Even though it was a corpse, that one eye alone hadn’t lost it’s light! Who knows how long since has that person been dead…yet that one look made Luo Feng tremble, cold sweat running from his head and back.

“This, what kind of level has this powerful fighter reached? Too frightening.” Luo Feng drew a big cold breath.

“Calm down.”

“Calm down.”

He realized he couldn’t manage eye contact with the corpse, the moment he did, even if he tried to calm himself down, he would still uncontrollably be filled with fear. The kind of fear for his life! No matter how strong his willpower was.

“Don’t look at it’s eyes.”

Luo Feng gradually calmed down, avoiding the corpse’s eyes, carefully examining, “Its height was about 8m! It was fairly similar to a large black gorilla, but it’s skin was totally hairless, shiny and smooth! Judging from its surroundings, it should have died many many years ago. Yet its skin, hair, hasn’t decayed or dried up at all? Almost like it’s alive?”

If the corpse wasn’t covered in a layer of dust, Luo Feng would have assumed this mysterious being may have died not too long ago.

“The body seems undamaged, how did it die?” Luo Feng thought for a while, shaking his head. He didn’t have an answer at all.

“Let’s see what’s inside.”

Luo Feng was in no rush to further examine the body, walking past through the side of the corpse. Following down the spacious path, one road was unblocked with little side roads along the way, but Luo Feng continued following down the big spacious path.

After about 300m, the path began to wind, until a big door appeared!

This door was more than 10m wide, and more than 10m tall. It was half-open.

“This is…”

Luo Feng tried not to make any sounds as he stepped through the door.

“My god.” Luo Feng unconsciously gasped cold air, this was a at least 10m tall, 200m wide semi-circular gorgeous hall. What shocked Luo Feng the most was…the hall had a total of five oddly shaped bodies! No…it was six in total!

Luo Feng used the mini quantum computer to scan once, there was indeed no life force or energy coming from any of them.

None of the five bodies still looked very alive, without any form of decay whatsoever.

The 6th body however, was left with nothing but bones that glowed golden, skin and hair long turned to ash.

“This 6th body.”

Luo Feng carefully examined.

One of the odd shaped corpses was very similar to the one he discovered at the entrance, slightly smaller but akin to that of a black gorilla with a height of about 6m. This body collapsed half kneeling on the ground. His battle armor was broken, body riddled with injuries, yet none of the injuries had a trace of decay.

The 2nd body was more similar to that of man, about 4m tall, covered in black scales with a horn on his forehead and a tail covered in scales!

The 3rd body was also similar in shape to man, about 6m tall, it’s skin looked almost like tortoise shells. This was like one of the American old films Luo Feng was familiar with, , where one of the characters was like a stone man. This body however was much better looking. The shell was smooth and shiny, gathered together almost like an exquisite battle armor.

The 4th body, was almost identical to a human’s body.

Yellow skin, black hair and a scar on it’s face, yet he looked calm as he sat cross-legged on the floor, body covered in dust.

“From earth? Chinese?” Luo Feng stared at the 4th body, curious but regretful.

Luo Feng could feel that…while these things had been dead for a very long time, every corpse emanated a power that made one tremble helplessly! These were all exceptional warriors! Way stronger than Hong and Thunder God by many times, countless times stronger than Luo Feng himself.

And this one actually looked like a Chinese man, making Luo Feng even more regretful that he was dead.

“This 5th body?

Luo Feng was suspicious as he looked.

The four bodies he had examined had injuries, but non-lethal injuries. This 5th body was 5m tall, it’s body was a copper color, almost like it was molded in copper, and his chest had a huge cavity, like it was pierced with a hand.

The strange thing was… The cavity in it’s chest was actually filled with copper colored weird materials, not organs.

“Is this a person? Luo Feng shook his head.

“This 6th body is the most normal.” Luo Feng looked at the body, about 2 m tall, left with nothing but bones, glowing golden. The most unique thing was that there was a small curved horn on his skull’s forehead, almost like it was proving it was different from earth’s man with that.

……

Six bodies in the hall, including the one at the entrance path, a total of seven corpses.

These seven corpses, only one had decayed until only gold bones were left, the other six were almost undamaged, vividly life-like.

“If they all died at the same time, why has this one decayed till only its bones are left, obviously dying a long time ago, while the others haven’t decomposed at all?” Luo Feng was suspicious, time was a very powerful weapon, under time’s movement, what kind of body could not decompose?

He surveyed the surroundings of the hall.

The Hall was most empty, only the floor and ceilings had dents here and there, as though a battle had occurred before.

“Di!”

A sound came through.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was startled.

The dark hall suddenly lit up, a blinding light shot down from the ceiling of the hall, enveloping the entire hall. At the same time, the peculiar light concentrated in the middle of the hall, forming a black silhouette figure of a man. This figure was about 1.4 or 1.5 m tall, small like a child, two horns growing from its forehead, pupils red and dressed in a black robe.

“Luo Feng, You’ve finally come.” The black robed child stared at Luo feng, red pupils shining with glee.

“You are?” Luo Feng cautiously looked at the black robed child.

The child was actually speaking one of earth’s language, chinese!

It even knew his name!

“I’ve waited for you for 50,000 years.” The child shook his head, “The knowledge you earthlings possess is really too little and lousy, 50,000 years before I finally get a suitable candidate.”

“50,000 years?” Luo Feng trembled, “You are saying, this archeological ruin has been here for 50,000 years, have they been dead for 50,000years?”Luo Feng pointed towards the 6 uniquely shaped bodies in the hall.

“Yes.”

“They’ve been dead for 50,000 years.” The black rocked child glanced at the six bodies in the hall, shaking his head and sighing, “They were all unmatched powerful and important figures in the vast universe, immortal beings. Time itself lost its splendor in front of these beings, even in death…Their bodies stay forever immortal.”

“However, once the Master dies, they must follow and be buried along with him.” The black robed child looked at Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, follow me to pay respects to the Master.”


Chapter 218: My Name is Babata

In the marvelous, semicircular shaped hall, the black robed child’s small white hand pointed at the center of the ground. Suddenly, a “CHICHI” sound rang, and the metallic floor suddenly split open, revealing a tunnel.

“Come with me”

The black robed child walked in front while Luo Feng followed behind.

“He wants me to go pay my respects to what master? The master that died 50,000 years ago?” Luo Feng was filled with confusion. But one thing was clear: with what the archaeological ruin has displayed so far….. it really wouldn’t take any special trick to kill him. So Luo Feng could only forcefully suppress his curiosity and follow one step at time.

At the end of the tunnel, the black robed child leaped down, while Luo Feng also leaped after him.

The depth of the passage was around 30 meters. When the black robed child and Luo Feng landed on the ground below, the dark hall lit up. With a glance, Luo Feng saw….. that this dark hall was empty. The walls formed an octagonal shape but there was nothing inside the hall.

“Open!” the black robed child pointed towards the ground.

“CRACK~~~”

The ground slightly shook and slowly started to split open.

“Master’s corpse was placed in an extremely secure location. You’ll have to wait a bit to see it” the black robed child looked towards Luo Feng, his blood red pupils caused one to freeze, “Luo Feng, you must be full of confusion now right?”

“Yes” Luo Feng didn’t deny it.

“Let me introduce myself, I’m Babata! You can call me ‘Demon Babata’. Of course, this is how it sounds when translated into earth’s Chinese language. It should be called ‘xxxx’ in the common language of the universe.” Even though Luo Feng heard what the black robed child said, he couldn’t understand him at all.

Luo Feng froze, Demon Babata?

“The word ‘demon’ here, is a title I gave to myself” continued the black robed child, “In essence, I’m an AI!”

“AI?” Luo Feng was confused.

An AI like the bald crystal person in archaeological ruin #9.

“However, AIs have different levels! Your simple logic programs on earth have no right to be called an AI! To be able to be called AI….. it cannot be inferior to a human in critical thinking. Like the AI in archaeological ruin #9, only that can be called a true AI” said the black robed child.

“As for me……”

“Even though I’m an AI at my core, after following master for countless years, I have already surpassed an AI. I can be called a ‘living AI’! I’m a lifeform like you humans, and animals, plants, etc!” the tone of the black robed child was a bit excited, “I also have various emotions like joy, anger, sadness, etc. And I also have the ability to train myself!”

“And back then, my master prepared a body for me. With that body, I let the name ‘Demon Babata’ spread across many galaxies in the vast universe!” a bit of pride was on the black robed child’s face.

Luo Feng was secretly shocked as he heard this.

Joy, anger, and sadness? The ability to train? How is this an AI system at all. It indeed has the right to be called ‘living AI’.

According to what he said, there are four levels: logic programs–AI comparable to the logic of a real human–AI with emotions–living AI.

“In the battle that involved countless galaxies and destroyed countless things in its wake, my body was destroyed and I once again returned to the virtual existence of an AI” said the black robed child with a bit of sadness, “I can still go back to being a virtual AI, but master…..” he turned his head to the slowly appearing crystal coffin!

A transparent crystal coffin slowly floated up from the ground!

Luo Feng also looked carefully. The crystal coffin was six meters long, four meters wide, and two meters tall. The completely transparent crystal coffin emanated horrifyingly cold air. Luo Feng, who was wearing his black god set and was a spirit reader at the star traveller one stage, couldn’t help but to shiver. It was too cold! With temperatures this low, this crystal coffin probably wasn’t made out of crystal. But Luo Feng didn’t know what material this was either, so he’ll call it the crystal coffin for now!

Inside the crystal coffin lay a corpse!

This corpse was around three meters long and had two flexible antenna on its forehead. Other than its large body and its antennae, it looked exactly like a human on earth.

It wore a black robe that was shining dimly. Its long hair was spread out as it silently lay in the crystal coffin, as if it was asleep. Its face was extremely handsome, and its two narrow, long eyes were quite feminine…… even though it’s just a corpse now, it had a peculiar beauty to it that could shake one’s spirit.

“Master!”

The black robed child held onto the crystal coffin. His tiny white hands grasped tightly while he had a fierce expression on.

“PA!” “PA!”

Two tears dropped.

“Living AIs can even cry?” Luo Feng was a bit shocked.

“Kneel down” the black robed child furiously turned his head towards Luo Feng.

Luo Feng froze.

“I told you to kneel down. Because you are a member of Yun Mo planet, and my master…… is the master of Yun Mo planet! You should be kneeling down!” roared the black robed child. A bit of insanity could be seen in his eyes. However, soon after, the black robed child closed his eyes and then opened them again. He calmed down quite a bit as he laughed bitterly, “I haven’t talked to anyone for 50,000 years, so my emotions are kinda in disarray. Without joy, anger, or sadness, I would just be a simple AI. 50,000 years of solitude wouldn’t be much. But after developing emotions, 50,000 years was gruelling to endure. Really….. my temper was quite good in the past”

Luo Feng didn’t know whether to laugh or to cry.

“Babata, you said this corpse is the master of Yun Mo planet, could he be Hu Yan Bo?” Luo Feng was a bit nervous.

“Yes, when translated into earth’s Chinese language, it could be translated into Hu Yan Bo!” the black robed child’s emotions seemed to gradually relax.

“Hu Yan Bo…… Yun Mo planet’s master Hu Yan Bo!” Luo Feng took in a deep breath.

“Just because of the inheritance I received from him, I should pay my respects!”

Luo Feng directly kneeled down and tapped his head on the ground three times consecutively. To this person called Hu Yan Bo….. even though Luo Feng has never seen him before, ever since he started practicing Soaring Sky, he has always praised this senior! To be able to create so many spiritual weapons, how amazing must he be? And the ‘soaring shuttle’ is just one of those weapons.

Since he uses the soaring shuttle and is practicing Soaring Sky, he should pay his respects to this senior!

“Luo Feng”

The black robed child looked towards Luo Feng, “Let me ask you, are you willing to become a student of my master and become the future master of Yun Mo planet? Of course…… Yun Mo planet has already been destroyed, this power has already been eradicated”

“Become his student?” Luo Feng froze.

Becoming a student of a dead person? Could it be….. that this super powerful master of Yun Mo planet has some sort of treasure to be inherited?

When the black robed child ‘Babata’ saw Luo Feng hesitate, he started to get a bit nervous since this was the first suitable person he encountered in 50,000 years. He quickly said: “Luo Feng! My master Hu Yan Bo….. is an eternal existence! In the roughly 6,000 eras he was alive, he ventured across the universe and became one of the truly powerful fighters in the universe”

“Around 6,000 eras?” followed Luo Feng.

“One era, is equivalent to earth’s….. 10,081 years” said Babata.

“Senior Hu Yan Bo was alive for around 60 million years?” Luo Feng stared at Babata.

Babata widened his eyes and said with anger, “Master was an undying existence, an eternal existence! If it wasn’t for the final battle….. master could live on forever! In the vast universe, there are many who have lived over a hundred million years. There are even some undying existences who have existed longer than the earth has!”

Luo Feng blinked twice.

The time of earth’s existence?

The time of some powerful fighter’s existence?

“Luo Feng, using a phrase from your earth, you’re a frog in a well!” Babata’s face was filled with anger. However, his tiny white face seemed to be quite cute, “You have been to archaeological ruin #9, but that so called archaeological ruin #9 is just one of the large amounts of monitoring bases under Yun Mo planet, and it has very, very little information!”

“Today, I’ll teach you a lesson and let you understand the wonders and vastness of the universe!”

Babata raised his tiny head, “According to what you earthlings say, the galaxy you reside in is called the Milky Way! But do you know….. how many galaxies there are in the vast universe?”

“Uh…..”

Luo Feng remembered learning in school that earth has discovered over ten billion galaxies! The universe is indeed vast and limitless. A galaxy is already super gigantic, and ten billion galaxies is an astronomical number. And this is only the portion that humanity has discovered.

“A few dozen billion galaxies?” Luo Feng was a bit hesitant and gave a rough number without any confidence.

“Hm?”

Babata frowned and then said, “I guess it’s good enough for you to give such an answer. There are a countless number of lifeforms in the countless amount of species growing in the universe! Out of those species, humans are one of the most powerful races in the universe. When I’m talking about humans, I’m not talking about what you know on earth”

“Like in the little games on your planet, ‘orcs’, ‘elves’, etc. are mentioned. Those all count as a branch of the human race”

Luo Feng could only listen carefully.

“The Milky Way galaxy in which your earth resides in has a total of around two hundred billion stars! The amount of planets are so high that it’s shocking. However, out of the countless planets, only about 210,000 of them have large amounts of people living on them” said Babata, “The Milky Way galaxy, Beta galaxy, etc. These neighboring eight large galaxies form the Silverblue Empire, a low level civilized nation in the universe!

“Eight galaxies, one empire?” Luo Feng was in disbelief, “And also, you said that there are around 210,000 planets with large amounts of life on them in the Milky Way galaxy?”

Holy!

And earth hasn’t even discovered a single one so far.

“Startling?”

“Even though the Silverblue Empire is a low level nation, it’s still a ‘low level civilized nation’ in the universe! Their civilization greatly surpasses yours. Even if they send a fleet of starships to the space surrounding your earth, you probably wouldn’t even be able to discover them!” said Babata with disdain, “Normally, if a galaxy as large as the Milky Way galaxy develops normally….. one universe level fighter will be born! Of course, with the guidance from a powerful teacher, efficiency could be higher! However, my guess is that in the eight large galaxies under the control of the Silverblue Empire, it would be pretty good for the number of universe level fighters to surpass ten.”

“Of course, a low level civilized nation…… is like an ant in front of my master” spoke Babata nonstop.


TL note: This ‘beta galaxy’ is not within the list of the 100 nearest galaxies (so it’s probably a new “nearby galaxy” that humans have discovered with their new technology or something like that)


Chapter 219: Undying, Eternal, Deity

A low level civilized nation is like an ant in front of Yun Mo planet’s master?

Luo Feng was shocked by this sentence.

This Silverblue Empire is a vast empire that controls the Milky Way galaxy, the Beta Galaxy, and six other galaxies! Just the Milky Way galaxy has over 210,000 planets with large amounts of life on them, so how vast must this empire be? Earth is like a grain of sand in the ocean compared to this empire!

But such a powerful empire seems to be nothing in Babata’s mind.

“Don’t doubt”

“You cannot even begin to imagine the might of my master.” There was a bit of praise in Babata’s eyes.

“I’ve already said that the Milky Way galaxy, Beta galaxy, and the other six galaxies come together to form the Silverblue Empire, a low level civilized nation in the universe!”

“According to what the map of the universe describes, your galaxy is part of the ‘Black Dragon Mountain starfield’, which contains a total of 8,000 galaxies! And the one that controls the ‘Black Dragon Mountain starfield’…… is a pretty decent medium level civilized nation in the universe– the Black Dragon Mountain Empire”

“The Black Dragon Mountain empire has direct control of over 6,000 galaxies and over 500 low level civilized nations. And the Silverblue Empire is just one of the nations that belongs to the Black Dragon Mountain Empire” Babata spoke fluently.

Luo Feng was a bit flabbergasted.

The Black Dragon Mountain starfield? Contains around 8,000 galaxies? Has control of over 500 nations? The Silverblue Empire is just one of the nations under its control?

“Don’t give me that look”

“Even though the Black Dragon Mountain Empire is a bit more powerful, they still have to be polite in front of my master!” said Babata, “As for powerful fighters, if they develop normally…… around 1,000 galaxies will give birth to one ‘sector lord level’ fighter”

“STOP!”

yelled Luo Feng.

“What?” Babata looked towards Luo Feng.

“What sector lord level? I only learned from archaeological ruin #9 that….. fighters are categorized into the student level, star traveller level, star level, universe level, and the level above the universe level” asked Luo Feng. As he listened to Babata speak, he felt like he was looking up to an extremely high mountain, and then realized that there were even taller mountains behind that mountain!

The limitless universe contains an uncountable number of powerful fighters!

“Oh, let me develop your common sense a bit” said Babata, “The fighter and spirit reader categories can be split into… oh and don’t mention students to me. Students do not have the right to be called ‘fighters, spirit readers’”

“They are mainly split into the star traveller level, star level, universe level, domain lord, and sector lord, these five major levels. Once you surpass sector lord…… you become undying!”

“The star traveller level can only wander around in the universe. They can be guards for hire, servants, or cannon fodder” said Babata with quite a bit of disdain.

“The star level can count as a major figure on some insignificant star in the universe. However, on some more important stars, they should keep a low profile”

“The universe level, hmm, yeah, they can count as a powerful fighter! After all, a galaxy usually only gives birth to one universe level fighter. They can easily earn a few dozen stars as territory after joining a civilized nation”

“The domain lord can count as the king of an area! Low level civilized nations wouldn’t mess with domain lords, and they can build up their own powers and organizations. In the vast universe, any civilized nation fights over domain lord level fighters!”

“The sector lord, hehe, they have authority! It’s extremely easily for them to earn an entire galaxy as their territory! Sector lord level fighters….. have definitely reached the ‘inner world’ state where they control an entire world….. Luo Feng, if you can become a sector level fighter and have no ambitions, you can wander the universe” said Babata seemingly jokingly as he looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng listened carefully.

According to what he heard in archaeological ruin #9, a countless amount of planets only give birth to one universe level fighter, so it seemed hopeless for Luo Feng. And now, he heard that above the universe level is….. the domain lord! And there’s even a sector lord above the domain lord! One can imagine how difficult it would be to reach such a level!

“Only above the sector level can you become undying”

Babata’s expression became serious.

“Whether the star traveller level, star level, universe level, domain lord, or sector lord, they are all under the restraints of life. Star level fighters can live for one era at most, universe level fighters can live for 10 eras at most, domain lord level fighters can live for 100 eras, and sector lord can live for 1,000 eras! Of course, using the time of your earth, sector lords can live for a bit more than 10 million years”

“Sector lord existences will still fall with time!”

“Only those surpassing the sector level become undying! Undying fighters, also called ‘eternal fighters’, also called ‘deities’” Babata’s eyes were shining, “Once you become an undying fighter, you can enjoy eternal life! Master….. was an undying fighter!”

Luo Feng held his breath.

Undying fighter?

Star traveller, star, universe, domain lord, sector lord, undying!

“Undying fighters have a countless number of special abilities!”

“Even a star railgun that can instantly vaporize a galaxy cannot injure an undying fighter!” smiled Babata, “Now you should understand why I said….. that a low level civilized nation is like an ant in front of my master”

Luo Feng’s blood was boiling.

An attack that can instantly vaporize a galaxy? Cannot even harm an undying fighter?

“Don’t think so far ahead”

“1,000 normally developing galaxies give birth to only one sector lord!”

“Luo Feng, even with my master’s inheritance and my help, you can probably barely become a sector lord in 100,000 years! However, to become undying….. the possibility is basically zero!” Babata slightly shook his head, “Sigh, you humans aren’t talented at all. If you lose to everyone else at the starting line, then it will be extremely, extremely, extremely difficult to achieve greater heights!”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to say: “Come on Babata, you don’t have to say it like that”

“Hehe”

Babata grinned, revealing two little fangs, “I just said basically zero! There’s actually a way to speed up your training by ten times, a hundred times”

“What way?” said Luo Feng curiously.

“Soul transfer!” Babata smiled mysteriously.

“Soul transfer?”

Of course Luo Feng knew what this meant.

Babata smiled: “You probably have realized that the descendents of the so called ‘fighters’ on your earth clearly have a higher chance of becoming fighters”

“Yes” nodded Luo Feng.

The descendents of a fighter have a higher chance of becoming a fighter! That’s because their parents’ genes are already splendid, so their genes won’t be deficient!

“This is a type of evolution” said Babata, “If your earth had another 10,000 years or another 100,000 years, every single person on earth can become a ‘student level’ fighter”

“And in the vast universe, there are some human races that have evolved quite perfectly” sighed Babata, “For example, the human race that ranks in the top ten in terms of lineage– Manka planet people. Even though Manka planet people are few in number, each one of them is born as a star traveller level fighter. As children, they are usually at the star level. When they are young adults, they are usually at the universe level. And when they are adults, they are at the domain lord level! They have one of the best lineages out of the human race”

Luo Feng was flabbergasted.

Holy!

The difference is just infuriating.

All the humans on earth put their lives on the line to bitterly train. They tried everything they could, got lucky, found a good teacher…… and finally! An absolute genius finally stepped into the star traveller level!

And them?

They just drink and play and when they become adults, they are at the ‘domain lord level’, able to destroy a planet with a flip of the hand.

“This, isn’t this too unfair” Luo Feng didn’t even know what to say anymore.

“Unfair? That’s because the ancestors of the Manka planet people trained bitterly to constantly improve and perfect their race! Only after that could their race stabilize at that level!” said Babata with dissatisfaction, “If earth doesn’t give birth to large amounts of powerful fighters, the people on earth will never become powerful”

Luo Feng slightly nodded, the anger in his chest dissipated.

Yeah, only because of the work of a race’s ancestors can the genes of that race become more and more perfect, which leads to more and more talented descendents!

“How much faster can a Manka planet person train compared to someone from your earth? Can you imagine it?” scoffed Babata, “In the entire Milky Way galaxy, there are 210,000 planets with large amounts of people living on them. The total population is uncountable. But even from that, it would be nice for one universe level fighter to be born. As for Manka planet people, once they become adults, they become domain lords!”

“So!”

“If you want to become an undying fighter, one way is to….. wait for yourself to become a bit stronger and then steal a more powerful race’s body!” Babata turned towards the crystal coffin, “Do you see that? Even though master’s original body was a bit better than you earthlings, it wasn’t better by much”

“Afterwards, under chance and luck, master used the soul transfer technique and took over a youth’s body from the ‘Longke tribe’! The Longke tribe can rank in the top 30 in terms of the lineage ranking of humans. When they become adults, they can reach the ‘universe level’! With this body, master’s training speed soared at an astonishing rate! But even with that, master went through trial after trial to become an undying fighter!”

“Since it is extremely, extremely, extremely difficult for a Manka planet person or someone from the Longke tribe to become undying!”

Babata grinned towards Luo Feng, “What, you have something against soul transferring? Can’t give up your own body?”

Luo Feng admits that he wasn’t really willing to give up his own body.

“How stupid!” Babata curled his lips helplessly, his blood red eyes looked towards Luo Feng with disdain, “And you’re a spirit reader. Don’t you know….. that the essence of one’s self is the soul?”

“Oh well”

“Soul transferring isn’t that easy anyway. You can only soul transfer a target with a soul weaker than yours. If you meet someone with a stronger soul, you’ll end up getting eradicated by them” Babata shook his head, “Too bad you humans just don’t have the talent. Since one with a brain vigor of 22 finally appeared, I can’t be too picky”

“Shouldn’t it be 21?” said Luo Feng.

Babata smacked his little head: “Holy, you are as innocent as a white piece of paper! Do you think that if you keep training as a spirit reader, your brain vigor will never increase? When you were at the student level nine stage, your brain vigor was 21. However, breaking through to the star traveller level is a transformation in life itself, so your brain vigor increased to 22”

“However, don’t get cocky. These numbers can only be said out loud in the Milky Way galaxy” Babata shook his head with disdain, “In some more powerful planets or core planets in a nation, there are people with brain vigor reaching 30 or even 40 at the student level!”

“Too bad I don’t have a choice. Or more accurately, I can only pick on earth”

“Gotta pick a tall one out of these dwarves”

“I guess the majestic Demon Babata has to graciously help a little star traveller kiddo like you” Babata lifted his head up.


Chapter 220: Becoming a Student

“I must admit I had a very late start.” Luo Feng said, his heart heavy, and yet he couldn’t deny that on earth, within the pugilistic world, he was considered a genius, always the best and brightest amongst those his age at the dojos! In high school, he was the best and brightest! Once he had become a warrior, entering earth’s most prestigious dojo, he was still considered the best!

Just 21 years of age and he had become a star traveller spirit reader, one of the six big investigators! He was even on par with the 3rd chairman!

However, from Babata’s words…

His worth was beyond pitiful! He knew himself that what Babata said was true, only that Babata’s horizons went beyond earth.

“Babata, if I do not do the soul transfer, how long will it take for me to reach the star level? And how long before I reach the universe level? Luo Feng questioned.

“Fifty years to the star level, definitely.”

Babata confidently said, “500 years to the universe level, no problem! As for the domain lord level, with the preparation my master left before he died for his disciples, 5,000 years-10,000 years should be enough! These four levels, I’m definitely confident, as for the sector lord…training for about 100,000 years should be able to barely make it, you may even need a longer time than that.”

“50 years for the star level? 500 years for the universe level?” Luo Feng blinked hard, the amount of time required seemed forever. From the time he was born till now, Luo Feng had only experienced 20 years, 500 years seemed too long and arduous. The famous Journey to the West had a story about Sun Wukong being trapped under the five finger mountain for only 500 years, the entire Chinese culture has only been around for 5,000 years.

It was too long and endless.

“What, resenting the length?”

The black robed child Babata was so enraged he jumped up, baring his fangs, roaring, “Luo Feng, you have to be clear, earth is in the milky way and should only get a single universe level fighter through normal evolution! Do you think the universe level is so easily attainable? What’s more, your aptitude is so low. If I wasn’t trapped here in earth…looking at the universe, countless geniuses from the many races and species would kneel before me and beg me, Babata, to become my master’s disciple.”

“Do you know the position and rank of my master?”

“Yun Mo Planet’s master!!!”

“He wasn’t just an undying being, he was a champion among the undying! He had a total of nine strong undying beings under him! At the universe level, even a middle level civilization, such an enormous power, had to bow and respectfully bow to my master, not daring to utter a sound!”

“Even the universe’s high level civilizations had to be polite around my master!”

“The master was one of the most powerful people in the universe, do you not understand?”

“With master’s careful preparations for you, even with such a weak and low aptitude, 50 years to the star level, 500 years to universe level, 5,000-10,000 years to domain lord, and 100,000 years to a sector lord! You find it long?” Babata was angry to the point of shouting, “You really are living in fortune and yet are oblivious to it!!!”

Luo Feng actually knew it himself…

When he was in the 9th archeological ruin, he believed he didn’t stand a chance of ever entering the universe level. Even more so the domain lord or sector lord level! Hell, it took 1,000 eras of normal evolution for a sector lord to appear! Within this 1,000 eras, the number of geniuses from the other human races and species were countless, far above his own aptitude. Yet out of this tens of thousands of geniuses that were above him, they may not even become sector lords…

The difficulty in becoming a sector lord was beyond one’s imagination!

“Babata, what did you say before, nine undying beings as servants?” Luo Feng opened his eyes, “don’t tell me those corpses outside were all servants?” 50,000 years and not a shred of decay, even their hair and skin were still lifelike, Luo Feng guessed that besides the one that had turned to golden bones, the rest were undying beings.

But he never imagined…they were servants!

“Heng!”

Babata lifted his head, full of pride, “Do you only now understand the position of the master?”

“This ship, the Yun Mo planet spaceship’s seven corpses, had one that was left in bones. The remaining six were undying.” Babata looked at Luo Feng, “You should have seen the six undying beings. One of them had a large crevice in his chest, but no internal organs within, right?

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“That was the enemy, an undying being from the automaton race.” Babata sneered, “But him coming in here was like sending himself to death, did he think that an injured master was one he could deal with?”

“Automaton race?” Luo Feng quietly memorized it. That was a race that was completely opposite from the human race, bodies that weren’t made from flesh and blood.

“The other five undying corpses were all master’s servants! The Master actually had a total of nine undying servants, however the war that year…involved too many of the universe’s strongest, four of his best servants perished in that war, even the master’s soul was severely damaged. Even this Yun Mo Planet ship was heavily damaged.” Babata shook his head.

Luo Feng was shocked.

The big four undying servants perished? Yun Mo Planet’s master soul was heavily damaged?

“Actually, the master, even if his body and soul were to be wiped out, so long as a single cell existed, he could be reborn. Only during then, the enemy was more vicious and stronger than the master.” He shook his head.

“Was it a human?” Luo Feng was dumbfounded.

Both body and soul destroyed, even without a soul, he can be reborn from just a cell or fragment?

“Don’t be surprised, when you get the master’s level, every cell contains a soul imprint (spirit imprint), of course he can be reborn.” Babata proudly said, “and master’s self-preservation methods didn’t just limit itself to one. There were many more methods…however it was a pity that within the vast universe, endless time and space, there were others stronger than the master!”

Luo Feng slightly nodded his head.

There’s always a mountain taller, one must never get complacent.

“Babata, you said that earth was considered a low level civilization belonging to the Silverblue Empire!”

“And under the Silverblue Empire, there are 8,000 or more Galaxies and the Black Dragon Mountain Empire.”

“What about the high level civilizations?” Luo Feng questioned.

Babata smiled: “Luo Feng, within the universe, one starfield, has 1,000-20,000 Galaxies. Of course there are some specially small starfields and some specially large starfields! The Black Dragon Empire Starfield has 8000 or more Galaxies.

“Above the starfield, there are star sectors! The universe’s biggest unit of measure.”

“One star sector, average level, is about 10,000 starfields, about 100 million galaxies. Of course there are bigger and smaller ones.”

“Your earth, belongs to the Ganwu main star sector, Black Dragon Empire starfield, milky way.” Babata continued, “and this Ganwu main star sector has about 13,000 star fields, galaxies numbering more than a 100 million, it is run by the high level civilization Ganwu universe, with 1,000 or more medium level civilizations under it. This can be considered, in the vast universe, the human race’s highest level universe civilization.”

Luo Feng took a deep breath.

The universe’s highest level civilization?

13,000 galaxies in the starfield? The Black Dragon Empire alone has about a 1,000? The Silverblue Empire, such a low level civilization, like grains of sand…were undoubtedly nothing but ants to the master of the Yun Mo Planet.

A high level civilization in the universe, middle level and low level.” Luo Feng committed these to memory. “My earth, belongs to the Ganwu main star sector, Black Dragon Empire Starfield, milky way.

“Do not be ambitious.”

Babata said, “The Ganwu universe civilization has existed for countless eras, with vast territories, even undying beings cannot hope to cover all of it.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The diameter of the milky way is over 100,000 light years, The Ganwu universe civilization has over 100 million galaxies, just how huge is it?

“Luo Feng.” Babata looked at Luo Feng, “in the vast universe, the race of man is one of the leading races! Do you know why?

“Hm?” Luo Feng was suspicious.

“There’s a wide diversity!” Babata emphasized, “There’s many different types of man, the Manka person from before, Longke, are the strongest bloodlines! However, as there are many different bloodlines and clans ranging up to the tens of thousands, there’ll be the strong and the weak! Like earth’s bloodlines are considered generally weaker, but don’t despair, within the universe, there are many more weaker ones.”

“With the many species of man, the population is greater too, hence they became one of the universe’s leading clans.”

“Besides the leading clans, there are many more different and unique forms of life in the universe! These groups, don’t ever think they are easy to deal with! It’s just because they are small in population, hence their positions aren’t high in the universe. If it came down to power, there are many forms of life that are very powerful and shocking.”

“Different strange and weird forms of life, up to tens of thousands, very peculiar.”

“While most are weaker in battle power, there are many that are stronger.”

“Man’s Manka bloodline, become domain lords when they become adults, they are one of man’s leading bloodlines…however in the vast universe, there are special forms of life that are even stronger than Manka people! One of the most reputable would be the ‘Space Beasts’.

“Space beasts, once matured, can all wander the universe without any protective gear.” Babata said.

Luo Feng was shocked.

“Space beasts, have many types, the weak ones, are star travellers at birth, star travellers at adolescence and universe level at maturity.” These are the weakest space beasts.”

“Some are closer to the Manka people, star travellers at birth, star level at growth, universe at young adults and domain lords at their peak.”

“The scariest of the space beasts, star travellers at birth…Universe level at youth, domain lords at young adult and sector lords at their peak.’ These are the leaders in the universe.” Babata looked at Luo Feng, “The undying level is unattainable just by relying on bloodlines, so the best bloodline is those that can reach the sector lord level.”

“Man’s best bloodline, can reach the domain lord level. It is considered very good.”

“In the universe some can actually grow straight into the sector lord level, that was like taking a step and reaching the heavens. Of course…this had its cons. Their numbers were shockingly small!” Babata laughed, “let’s take the leading group of space beasts’ bloodline, ‘Flaming star beast,’ they are born within a star, the high temperatures can’t even harm them. They swallow countless stars and spend lots of time before becoming sector lords. Once they become sector lords, they don’t have the need to swallow stars anymore. One flaming star beast’s lifespan is extremely long! But from its birth till its death, it wanders the universe, probably never ever meeting another flaming star beast!”

“There are several more types similar to the life of these space beasts.”

“Without exception, pitifully small in population!” Babata shook his head, “However if you ever meet one in the universe, you have to be extremely careful.”

Luo Feng nodded his head.

My god, a creature that eats stars, what an abnormality! However it may never meet one of it’s kind with it’s extremely small population.

“Generally speaking, there are countless races and clans of man, along with countless other forms of life.”

“The vast universe, even undying beings have a hard time fully understanding it.”

“Even if you are as strong as my master, you can still fall.” Babata looked at Luo feng, “Luo Feng, before my master died…he said, no matter how strong you are, you still must treat the universe with respect!”

Luo Feng nodded.

Yun Mo Planet’s master, with nine undying beings under him, still perished!

“Luo Feng, you decide, whether or not you’ll call my master your teacher.” Babata looked at Luo feng, “If you do, then you’ll be able to receive what he prepared for his disciples.”

“Of course, you can choose not to.” Babata smiled, revealing his two fangs, “If you don’t, to protect my master and his secrets, I will have to kill you.”

“Choose, the decision is yours.”


Chapter 221: The Teacher’s Inheritance

Within the huge octogram shaped hall.

Luo Feng stared at the enormous crystal coffin. The white blonde man in a black robe that was lying peacefully within was almost like a god. This was the man who walked parallel with the universe, with nine undying servants…Yun Mo Planet’s master! In his heart, Luo Feng had always respected and worshipped such a warrior, and he was very clear of the difference between having a teacher and guidance versus not having one, two roads that were vastly different.

What’s more…

With the black robed Babata staring at him, what choice did he have?

“How do I pay my respects?” Luo Feng looked at Babata.

“Very good, you choice is the right one!” Babata raised his head, “because of your choice, the entire earth will benefit. With the help of I, Demon Babata, Luo Feng, your name will resound throughout the entire milky way, even around the countless planets in the Black Dragon Empire, countless humans will worship you and look up to you. Your one word will determine if an entire planet’s culture rises or perishes, you…”

Luo Feng had mixed emotions as he interrupted the excited Babata: “How do I pay my respects?”

“Uh…following tradition, when the master accepts a new student, he should have his closest friends around, with a lavish event. However, now that he’s dead and Yun Mo Planet is gone, everything is simpler. Babata looked at the crystal coffin, his voice suddenly dropping deep and low, “You only need to kowtow eight times in front of his body.

Luo Feng nodded.

Looking at the crystal coffin, the one who had lived for over 60 million years, Yun Mo Planet’s master, had been dead for 50 thousand years. And now he was taking him as his teacher!

“Peng.”

Luo Feng knelt down, knocking his forehead against the ground heavily 8 times.

“From today, you’ll be the masters 5th disciple, and his last, the only living disciple!” Babata looked at Luo Feng

Luo Feng immediately understood…

His teacher was Yun Mo planet’s master, and his fellow disciples were all dead. What kind of enemy did his teacher actually fight with? So much so that the entire Yun Mo planet was destroyed.

“Luo Feng, as the master is dead, he cannot personally teach you, therefore…I will take the place of teacher to teach you.” Babata looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng nodded.

“Rest assured, before his death, master assigned everything to me. In fact, as an AI who has always been beside master, master’s initial teachings and instructions to his disciples, I can display them to you on a screen. Don’t worry.” Babata confidently said.

Hearing that, Luo feng didn’t worry at all anymore.

“I’ll first give you a spatial storage item.” The black robed Babata waved his hand casually and a silver light flew out.

Luo Feng caught it, opening his palm…it seemed like an ordinary silver ring.

“This spatial storage item can be made into many forms, rings, wrist guards and many more.” Babata smiled, however, to build a ‘spatial ring’ is very difficult. Even in the universe, it’s considered a luxury good. This spatial ring’s material is very unique, it can enter and stay within your skin.”

Luo Feng put on the ring on his left middle finger.

Without a sound or trace, just like mercury flowing, it entered his skin, Luo Feng felt a chill and the ring on his finger had disappeared completely.

“You can use a little spiritual energy to permeate into it, let your energy imprint within. You just need to do it once, never again in the future.” Babata said.

“Spiritual imprint?” Luo Feng was suspicious, “How do I do it?”

“Stupid.”

Babata was angry, “Spiritual imprint, every person’s soul, no matter how strong, will always have its own innate differences and weaknesses! No two souls are completely the same, you just have to use your spiritual energy to permeate into it and print! Don’t care about anything else.”

“Oh.” Luo Feng’s intent shifted, a thread of spirit energy quickly flowed from his hand down to his finger, permeating the ring.

The ring slightly changed, quickly…

Luo Feng felt something, the ring had become like his hand itself, without the use of any spirit energy, he could feel it there. This ring had an empty space within it, extremely high capacity, just feeling it, almost like a space that was 100m tall.

“This ring’s space is a cuboid shape, following your earth’s measurements, it’s about 612m long, 521m wide and 108 m tall. I won’t go into the decimal points.” Babata looked proudly, almost as though he was hoping to see Luo Feng’s shock.

“Oh.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Damn, don’t you know how hard it is to actually cut a piece of the universe’s space and input it into an item? And such a big space at that?” Babata was unsatisfied with Luo Feng’s reaction, “If any of the universe’s warriors knew, you’d be dead. However, as long as you don’t tell anyone, no one will know.”

Luo Feng was secretly shocked…

To build a space within a ring, was to actually rip space from the universe? Unbelievable! It was no wonder even in the crazy and proud Babata’s words, it was an extremely difficult task.

“Let’s go up.” Babata said.

“Oh, this crystal coffin…”Luo Feng looked at the coffin.

The black robed Babata looked at the body within the coffin, a complex look on his face. Softly: “Boss, from today on, I’ll be following your disciple. Don’t worry, I will handle everything.” Very softly, so soft that Luo feng could barely hear it clearly, Babata raised his hand and pointed to the ground.

Ka ka ka The crystal coffin began to slowly descend into the ground and the ground began to seal up.

“Up.” Babata calmed down.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Luo Feng followed behind Babata through the pathways and up into the round hall.

The lights were shining brightly in the round hall.

Luo Feng looked at the six corpses with a sense of sorrow, these six corpses…five of them were undying beings!

“Luo Feng.” Babata pointed towards the golden bones, “This was master’s 2nd disciple, also master’s most exceptional student. However in that fight, as master was being pursued, the enemy’s attack actually broke through the defense of the Yun Mo planet ship and into the interior of the ship! The undying beings were fine, he however…died instantly.”

“Past the exterior, straight in?” Luo Feng was very shocked.

“This 2nd senior of mine, what level was he?” Luo Feng asked.

“Sector lord!” Babata said.

Luo Feng was silent…

A sector lord, attacked by a super undying being breaking into the ship’s interior, died instantly! That undying being’s main target should have been Yun Mo planet’s master!

“Ah.”

Luo Feng suddenly stared at Babata, “Babata, universe fighters could all battle on the White dwarf planet, this sector lord could destroy one with a flip of his hand. This enemy’s attack broke through the ship’s exterior and killed him! Yet this ship hasn’t been destroyed, just what was it made of?”

“You are finally becoming aware.” Babata pointed at the surrounding walls, “Look, there are dents in the walls and ground! Those are all imprints left from the undying fighters’ battle! Even if one wasn’t an undying being, he could leave probably only one dent!”

“This Yun Mo Planet ship, the product of my master’s endless hard work, is an immeasurably prized ship! Named the Yu Mo Planet.”

“Price wise? Even if we sold your entire earth, it still wouldn’t be worth even half of the ship.” Babata raised his head, “Right…didn’t you pick up a red shard before?”

“Oh, yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

That blade shard has a ridiculous amount of power.

“That was a piece of the ship that broke apart when the ship fell into earth a long time ago, lodging itself deep in the ground!” Babata laughed, “Don’t think it was caused by the impact, even if the ship hit a middle sized planet, it would still be undamaged! That was actually caused by an attack from an extremely strong enemy, causing the hull to be damaged, and hence led to a piece breaking off.”

“Only initially, the shard was still caught within the ship’s protective barrier. Once it crashed into earth and the barrier was gone, the shard flew out.” Babata explained.

“It’s just a piece of the ship? So sharp?” Luo Feng questioned.

“Let me show you how this ship’s exterior looks like.” Babata pointed towards the space in front.

Hu!

Immediately within the space, a 3D image appeared showing a small replica of the ship!

This was a blood red triangular space ship, just three points, with their own arcs! In addition, the ship’s periphery was extremely thin, very sharp!

A very malevolent appearance!

“Once the ship picks up speed in the universe, with the sharpness of its periphery, even a meteorite zone can be cut through without any problem! Without any detriment to it’s speed.” Babata proudly said, “You used it to cut your armor, is like big materials for a small job. That is a material that even undying beings have difficulty destroying!

“Oh?” Luo Feng wa stunned.

So it was actually just a piece of the ship, and he thought it was a knife’s blade.

“However, the damage it received was critical, now it cannot even fly, otherwise I wouldn’t have had to wait on earth for 50,000 years.” Babata shook his head, “It can’t even fly, don’t even mention fixing its body! You can keep this shard, I’ll teach you in the future how to use it, it’s much stronger than your Soaring Shuttle.”

Luo Feng asked: “This shard has it’s own special usage?”

“Of course!” Babata laughed, “Your earth’s training and battle methods are too primitive and raw.”

“Oh, now for your inheritance from your master.” Babata said.

Luo Feng listened intently.

“The Mu Ya Crystals from before, you’ve kept them all?” Babata asked.

“These crystals, what use do they exactly have?” Luo Feng asked.

“They are training devices, and also taming monster and raising plants. They have many uses.” He continued, “Just one crystal can let a student level 8 or 9, with one month of training go into the star traveller level 1 stage! Of course in the universe, we use it more to cultivate and tame monsters and raise plants. Like the cloud contact vine Hong has, with the crystals, they will grow extremely fast.”

“From today on, you shouldn’t be absorbing energy from the universe, its results are too low, too low, wasting more than half your time on absorbing energy, you’ll never reach the universe level that way.

“From now on, you’ll use these crystals to train. I have many of them here.” Babata said.


Chapter 222: A Rewarding Journey

“Plenty? That’s extravagant.” Luo Feng could feel from Babata’s tone of voice how wealthy and overbearing he was.

“Luo Feng. I’m not scolding you, but as Yun Mo Planet’s only living disciple, you have to set your sights much further, don’t always have the foresight of an ordinary human on earth.” Babata said dissatisfied. “If master was still around, as his only disciple, your position would be higher than the emperor of the Silverblue Empire! Set your sights on the vast universe! Disciple of the undying, who doesn’t use countless treasures to train?”

“You must understand!”

“Usually within 1000 planets, one sector lord will occur through natural evolution!”

“Hence, to guarantee becoming a sector lord, one has to surpass others from the start. Your aptitude is very low, using these crystals doesn’t mean a thing. Compared to the other undying disciples, your rank is much lower.” Babata has followed the Master of the Yun Mo planet all over the universe for countless millions of years, his sights were plenty and high.

Luo Feng: “I understand.”

“Ok.”

Babata continued,” When you train, you can rely on the crystals. For defense during the star traveller stage, your teacher prepared the black god set for you. Since you already have it, that’s good! Also…I still have a young cloud contact vine, when it’s time, it can be used to protect and attack. It’s the best companion to have.”

“Cloud contact vine?” Luo Feng had heard of this from Hong and Thunder God’s conversations.

The cloud contact vine is the universe’s most popular plant life, especially amongst powerful fighters and their disciples.” Babata continued, “In cultivating it, the cloud contact vine continuously evolves and gets stronger. It has many paths of evolution, the main component being what treasures it gets to absorb.”

“If left on earth, it can only absorb the universe energy, peaking at a star traveller level 7 or 8 power.”

“However, if you have countless Mu Ya crystals for it, it can definitely grow to universe level.” Babata’s eyes lit up, “Master spent more than half his wealth on cultivating his cloud contact vine, that particular one…ultimately became an undying. Master has relied on it many times to escape trouble. Only this last time, the enemy was too strong…the cloud contact vine also died.”

“More than half his wealth?” Luo Feng couldn’t imagine.

One who has nine undying servants, more than half his wealth must be really shocking.

It was reasonable to say that this Yun Mo Planet ship was already expensive beyond comprehension.

However, it seemed that it was only worth a small fraction of the master’s wealth.

“Babata, with the crystals we have, can we let this cloud contact vine grow to the universe level?” Luo Feng asked.

“You must be dreaming!”

“Universe level! That requires countless crystals!” Babata shook his head, “These are good for you to train, just enough for you to reach the star level. For the cloud contact vine, which has such a voracious appetite, it’s definitely not enough. Relax, I’ll tell you in time how to cultivate this cloud contact vine. There are many ways to do it, knowing how to do it is easy, acquiring the treasures required for it is difficult.”

Luo Feng listened carefully.

“The master also left you a spirit weapon, suitable for a star traveller to use. It is called the ‘arc cutter blade’. However, it’s a basic weapon, comparable to your soaring shuttle. On the way back you can decide for yourself which kind of weapon you want to use.” Babata smiled, “Between the arc cutter blade and the Soaring Shuttle, these are both secondary. Your strongest weapon right now is actually the shard from the ship.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He definitely understood, that shard was something even the undying had trouble destroying, its worth was something one could imagine just by closing one’s eyes.

“Luo Feng, listen carefully.” Babata grew serious, “This concerns your little life.”

“Hm?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“This shard’s material is extremely valuable, domain lords will all vie for it crazily, while sector lords may not be as crazy for it, they might still eye it.” Babata continued, “Once discovered by an informed warrior, snatching away the shard is simple, he might even kill you to see if there’s any more treasure, that’s the big problem.”

Luo Feng’s heart trembled.

My god.

Domain lords will crazily come snatch this thing? Just this shard?

“Relax, domain and sector lords who recognize ‘hybrid copper essence’ are few. What’s more, if you meet a domain lord in the milky way, you can go buy the lottery.” Babata said.” On the way back, you should ponder on how to change the form of this shard to something that even those who know what the Scarlet Mother is wouldn’t recognize it.”

Luo Feng nodded.

It’s hard to meet a domain lord in the milky way, so what’s there to be afraid of?

“Hm, master prepared the arc cutter blade for offense, black god set for defense, enough Mu Ya crystals , a spatial ring and training manuals for your star traveller level.” Babata said.

“That’s it?” Luo Feng looked at Babata.

“Yes.”

Babata nodded, “When one’s power is weak, carrying a bunch of treasures would be akin to courting death. Master has left you three bank accounts in the Universe Galaxia bank, separately for when you reach the star level, universe level and sector lord level. Once you reach the sector lord level, you will be like a tyrant, able to take huge wealth and treasures.

Luo Feng nodded.

This deceased master had indeed very meticulously prepared for everything, even leaving three accounts behind.

“Only what suits you is good.”

“There are many treasures that you will acquire that you will not be able to use. Acquiring them will only spell disaster.” Babata said.

15000m deep underground, at the entrance of the Yun Mo Planet ship.

Luo Feng was extremely satisfied with all his earnings. While it wasn’t extremely shocking, whatever was left behind was indeed very useful. From the attacking weapon, to the defensive armor, training abilities, spatial storage equipment, combat companion cloud contact vine and the training manuals, everything was very well prepared!

“Luo Feng, actually these corpses are the real treasures.” The black robed Babata looked at each body, “These are undying bodies! These will make the Sector lords go crazy for them.

“Oh?”

Luo Feng looked towards the bodies on the ground. Of the four undying bodies on the ground, besides one that was similar to the humans on earth, the rest were other forms of humans. The 5th undying was more machine.

“However, if you dare to take any of the undying corpses out, it’ll be courting death. Also, you have no capabilities of using these bodies. Keep them. We’ll do as we see fit in the future.” Babata said.

“Yes.” Luo Feng’s intent moved.

A formless special energy enveloped the surroundings, quickly keeping the five bodies. There was only one set of golden bones left in the big hall.

“Your senior’s bones, Sector lords’ bones are also very valuable, he’s also your senior…once you leave earth, you can leave his bones to the vast universe, letting him return to the starry skies. Or you can find a secret place to bury him.” Babata looked at the golden bones, expression complex.

He was the one who followed the master throughout the universe, he was also the one who bullied master the most.

Now…

The master is dead, Yun Mo Planet is gone, the once bright and powerful force had dissipated! While Babata’s words were still crazy and proud, he was clear…he was only an AI life form now, without any power, a virtual existence. His only pride would be knowledge and experience.

So he understood…

Without the Master, seniors and elders to protect Luo Feng, the road to becoming a powerful force was a hard one. He had to be extremely careful!

……

Including the corpse at the entrance, six undying bodies and one senior’s bones, all were kept in the ring.

At the entrance of the ship.

The black robed child and a youth stood.

“This Yun Mo Planet ship has suffered heavy damage and will never be able to fly again.” Babata shook his head, “To fix this unique and leading ship, even the entire Silverblue Empire doesn’t have the ability. Maybe the Black Dragon Empire can.”

“Damaged, no ability?” Luo Feng asked.

“The ship’s main energy is light, but within my own spatial storage space, I’ve stored energy.” Babata shook his head, “The main point is the ship’s vital system is damaged critically. The self-repair system is also unable to repair it. Luo Feng…I am now a virtual existence, so to leave with you, I need the help of equipment.”

Babata flipped his hand, revealing a black wrist cuff.

“This wrist cuff, is common in the universe, not worth a lot. However, in the left wrist, there is a crystal core, that’s where my consciousness is currently being stored. This core has its own spatial storage space and within it is a large amount of Mu Ya crystals, the arc cutter blade etc. I’ll pass them all to you now.” Babata looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng nodded, Babata was now his substitute teacher.

“Wear it.” Babata ordered.

He immediately put on the cuff. The black robed Babata laughed, turning to what seemed like soap bubbles before disappearing.

“Hu!”

Luo Feng, who was originally standing at the entrance of the ship felt his body tremble.

Rumble!

The enormous Yun Mo Planet ship disappeared immediately, creating a huge crevice, causing a large number of rocks to fall through. A black robed Luo Feng used his spirit energy to envelop his surroundings, not allowing any of the rocks to get close.

“Luo Feng.” A sharp and clear child’s voice sounded in Luo Feng’s mind.

“Ah?” Luo Feng was startled.

“Why are you shocked? Real AI’s all communicate with their masters through their minds!” Babata proudly spoke, “From now on, your mini quantum computer is useless and can be thrown away. That rubbish, I have all its capabilities and I’m 100s of millions times stronger. Also, whenever you enter the virtual space, don’t wear a helmet, that’s very lowly.

“Those with position in the universe, mini quantum computers, consciousness sensor, livelihood caretaker etc and other systems, are all combined in one.” Babata continued, “when you want to speak to me, just send some spirit energy into the crystal core, immediately through the mindlink.

Luo Feng tested it out.

That wrist cuff didn’t resist Luo Feng’s spirit energy, it had already recognized him and let it flow through…Luo Feng felt as though he saw within the core, a black robed child Babata was sitting in a palace throne, smiling at him, revealing his two cute fangs.

“You are saying I can enter the virtual wargod palace?” Luo Feng said.

“Of course, I can let you into the wargod palace, and also into the virtual space I Babata have built.” Babata was proud, “your earth’s wargod palace, was built by an intelligent processor, compared to the amazing virtual space of mine, it’s too far away.”

“It’s a pity…”

“You are an earthling, your consciousness is unlicensed, even if I connect your consciousness to the universe network, it’ll still be unauthorized. For someone like you, you need to be present to open an account, to be able to connect to the universe network.” Babata was somewhat helpless, “also, keep that cloud contact vine beside you into your bag. It is a form of life, so it cannot be stored in the spatial storage space. Keep everything properly and we can leave.”


Chapter 223: Growth

Luo Feng spread his spirit energy around, sensing on his left about 100m away a bottlegourd plant, about 2m long.

Directing his spirit energy forward to open a path, he went straight ahead.

“Luo Feng, this cloud contact vine is going to be your companion for life.” Babata sighed, “Of course, I, Demon Babata, will also accompany you for life. Only if you die will I leave. Following the Master’s command…until you become a domain lord, I will be your master.”

Babata’s words sounded in Luo Feng’s mind.

“Oh?” Luo Feng suddenly realized.

In the three bank accounts left behind in the universe star river back, each account held different treasures for the different levels, mainly the star level, universe level and the domain lord level! Meaning the biggest and last treasure can only be attained once he reached that level. The living AI Babata will also only recognize Luo Feng as his master when Luo Feng reaches the domain lord levell.

Obviously…

His teacher will only approve of him after he reaches the domain lord level!

Carefully placing this bottle shaped young contact cloud vine until his bag, Luo Feng rushed straight to the sky!

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

From the depths of over 10,000m underground, he broke through countless rock stratum layers, through the surface of the lake and into the sky. The sky was blue and clear, clouds as smooth as silk floated around, one in awhile, a huge flying monster would pass by. Luo Feng floated in mid air soaking in the sights and surrounds, he was in a good mood.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked at his communicator, a missed call?

He called back.

“Hi, Luo Feng, what happened earlier? I called you two to three times but was unable to get through?” Liu He’s voice transmitted from the watch communicator.

Luo Feng was shocked…

Suddenly, Babata’s voice ringed in his mind: “Luo Feng, when you were in the Yun Mo Planet ship earlier, all outside communications were blocked.

“That’s weird.” Liu He seemed troubled.

Luo Feng quickly thought about different answers. Communication systems these days were extremely efficient and reliable, almost under no circumstance would there be a situation where a call couldn’t get through.

“Oh, is that it, my communicator watch was almost out of power, that’s why I shut it off. I’ve just left underground, getting ready to go back! I can charge my communicator in my auto jet, that’s why it’s on now.” Luo Feng quickly came up with an excuse.

“Oh? Turned it off? Doesn’t it tell you when the other person’s phone is off? However, it does have problems at times.” Liu He didn’t pursue the matter further, “Luo Feng, you said you were getting ready to return? We are still underground looking.”

“I feel like I can’t find anymore, so I’ve stopped.” Luo Feng laughed.

“Alright, we’ll keep searching, who knows what we might be able to find.” Liu He hung up.

“Looking for Mu Ya crystals? There’s no way they’ll find anymore.” Babata laughed.

Luo Feng flew straight towards his auto jet, controlling it to take off.

“You are saying there’s no more crystals?” Luo Feng was shocked.

The ship swiftly stopped in mid air, opening its cabin door for Luo Feng to enter through.

“No.1, return home.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Of course not,” In his mind, Babata’s voice resounded, “those crystals were all left there because I put them there. I threw them out from the ship’s cabin door up! I relied on the ship’s energy to emulate a virtual shape, and because of that, I cannot leave the ship. I initially threw the crystals up to attract the strongest geniuses of earth, to test their mental aptitude.”

“Test?” Luo Feng was shocked, “When we were searching for the crystals, you tested us all?”

Luo Feng remembered back in the archeological ruin 9, that test took pretty long before it completed.

“Do you think my efficiency is as low as that outpost’s AI? Babata proudly said, “however, you earthlings’ aptitude are seriously too low, so many star travellers and a large number of wargods…mental capacity wise, you are the best with 22, the next would be a wargod with 16, the 3rd is a star traveller level 2 with 15.”

“16?” Luo Feng asked, “who’s that?”

The 4th representative Eastbourne, mental capacity 15, Luo Feng wasn’t surprised.

But there was actually someone higher than him.

“It’s a kiddo from India.” Babata answered.

“India? Oh…” Luo Feng didn’t question further.

If he was from China, Luo Feng would train him. Since he was from India, forget it, he can rely on himself. But since he’s already a wargod, he seems to be doing well.

……

The auto jet was cruising in the Australian skies, quickly heading towards the Asian region, Jiang Nan city.

Inside the ship.

“Luo Feng, the cloud contact vine is very loyal, it’ll recognize its master for life. This is also why when my master first died, the cloud contact vine also died. Once it’s recognized its master, no one else can use it. That’s why…The process of it recognizing its master is extremely important. Before that, let me make a few changes to your auto jet’s system.” Babata said.

“The auto jet’s system?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Several buttons and consoles lit up within the ship, lights filled up the consoles for a good 15 seconds before returning to peace.

“Now it’s good.” Babata said.

“Why change the system?” Luo Feng asked.

“This auto jet’s system, answers first to your Dojo of Limits Head Hong, second to you. That’s why…as long as he wishes, he can find out whatever you do or did in this ship. He can also take it back whenever he wants.” Babata said, “Now that I’ve changed it, Hong won’t even notice, it will listen first to you and 2nd to Hong.”

Luo Feng was shocked, and understood immediately.

If he had bought an intelligent warship on his own, he would have left something within it too.

“This cloud contact vine, is much stronger than what Hong has.” Babata sighed, “During the Great Nirvana before, Earth began to generate stronger warriors. In order to attract these warriors, I tossed a cloud contact vine out which began to grow! Also, after absorbing three Mu Ya Crystals, along with two crystals that I made into powder, they got absorbed into the plants, becoming what you call the spirits of nature.”

“It’s a pity…”

“Hong and his underlings immediately took away the cloud contact vine and spirits of nature. I could only use the Mu Ya crystals to cultivate an Emperor level monster to attract you all over. After that, I used the crystals one by one to attract the countless warriors so that I could pick out the one with the highest mental capacity.” Babata explained, “Initially, I piled a small number of crystals at the ship’s entrance, throwing them out. Three of them I purposely threw to your side! And the eight crystals were left close to you on purpose…”

“However just by throwing a few, I reached my goal.”

“As I am unable to leave the ship, I could only use the ship’s natural spirit energy emitter to invade your thoughts, subtly influencing you to where the shard was and to pick it up. Later on, I subtly instructed you to come to the ship’s entrance. “Babata said in one breath.

Luo Feng was shocked!

Damn!

From the start to the end, the entire Misty Island saga was orchestrated by Babata!

Spirits of nature, cloud contact vine, Monster emperor, Mu Ya Crystals!

Luo feng was initially suspicious, why would the monster emperor not collect the other crystals, they were in fact thrown only at the time! And he acquiring the shard, discovering the ship, were all inception by Babata!

“Spirit energy emitter? Why would it influence me?” Luo Feng urgently said.

This thing was too scary.

“It’s not as strong as you think.” Babata said, “By itself, it’s very weak, it can only subconsciously attract you. You were previously blindly searching underground, under my suggestions, you naturally headed in the right direction! If I had suggested to you to, for example, kill yourself! You would have definitely noticed, don’t you agree?”

Luo Feng nodded.

Indeed, when he was talking to Xu Xin earlier on the phone, his mind was wandering.

“Let’s not talk about this anymore, let’s make the cloud contact vine recognize its master.” Babata said, you just have to slit your wrist, this cloud contact vine requires quite a bit of fresh blood.

Slit my wrist?

To a star traveller, this wasn’t dangerous at all, Luo Feng was initially shocked but went ahead and slit his wrist, chi! He cut it right next to the cloud contact vine, fresh blood flowing out straight into the vine as it absorbed it. With Luo Feng’s regeneration level, the wound quickly regenerated and he had no choice but to cut it open again!

“Xiu!” A blood red fruit like a grape appeared out of nowhere, falling onto the vine’s body, large amounts of vine curling up.

Si la! Si la! Si la!

Blood red strobes of light began to peek out from the vine’s body.

“What’s up? Babata?” Luo Feng asked, that fruit earlier was definitely the handiwork of Babata, other than himself, only Babata had a crystal core for a storage space.

“The first time feeding the cloud contact vine!” Babata explained, “I’ve always been afraid of feeding the vine’s young body, as feeding it makes it stronger. If you are weaker than it, then you cannot tame it! That’s why throughout these years, I’ve been laying the foundation, now that it’s recognized it’s owner, it’s the best time for its first feeding!”

“It’s like your earth infants, mother’s milk is very important. For this first feeding, what it eats is also very important.”

“Firstly this treasure, next, it has to be something the vine can swallow.” Babata explained, “That fruit earlier, was something your master specially left for your cloud contact vine. If you do a price comparison, it’s worth more than even your red shard.”

Luo Feng was extremely shocked.

Babata had easily thrown out a fruit that was more valuable than his red shard, proving that Babata had his own private stash.

“Are you saying the master left me just these?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask.

“I’m only giving you these. Within my storage space, what’s there is for the vine. Don’t think about the treasures I have, I’ll adhere strictly to my Master’s instructions and plan to train you.” Within that space within his wrist, Babata’s face was filled with pride.

While they were talking…

The cloud contact vine, which was originally green, began to change to a dark red, and its surface had traces of red silk flowing around.

“You can keep it now, straight into your skin. This first feeding…the fruit I gave was too powerful, it’ll take a long time to digest.” Babata said, Luo Feng curiously raised his hand to rub the vine, their minds linked and the vine’s thoughts went into Luo Feng, teaching him the methods to use the vine.

It’s usage was really simple.

With a thought, the vine quickly shrank, like a half a meter long whip, swiftly entering Luo Feng’s skin and vanishing.

It felt like he had another layer of icy clothing, very comfortable!

The vine’s simple and innocent reliance on Luo Feng was conveyed in that mind link, like that of an infant towards its parents, Luo Feng could feel…The vine was like his child.

“Since its first feeding was so good, it’s initial step will be way above other cloud contact vines. Once it’s first evolution has completed, it’ll become your helper. By then, your black god set will be useless. Babata was proud, “I dare say, within the entire Black Dragon Empire, there aren’t that many as extravagant as to feed something so good the first time!”

Luo Feng was already used to Babata’s haughty ways.

“Babata, if I use the shard, what levels can I fight against?” Luo Feng finally asked the question that was egging him.

“You? Hm, your usage as a spirit reader right now is very raw, and you use the ‘hybrid copper essence’ shard too simply. I calculate you should be able to fight normal star traveller level 6 warriors! This thing is after all something even undying beings have trouble destroying.” Within the space, the black robed Babata shook his head, “However, once you get home and receive the manuals and training from the master, along with some basic training, you’ll be able to deal with star traveller level 8s. That Thunder God…no matter how much he tries, won’t be your match.”

Luo Feng’s heart trembled…

Thunder God?

“What are you shocked for! Can’t you see who I, Babata, am? You are the only disciple from the Yun Mo Planet, using the hybrid copper essence shard, dealing with some guy who hasn’t properly trained even if he is 7-8 levels higher should be very normal no?” Babata was proud, “your teacher was an undying being! And a champion amongst the undying.”

Luo Feng’s heart grumbled one sentence…

In the end, he still perished to an even strong undying being.

“Right, Babata, how did master die to the enemy?” Luo Feng was very curious, someone who was walking parallel with the universe, how did someone like that die?

“You really want to know?” Babata asked.

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“If you want to know, then first become an undying being.” Within the space, Babata’s small fair face revealed a mischievous smile.

“Undying…” Luo Feng said hoarsely.

Too far away.

To become a sector lord required 100,000 years, how long would it take to become undying? China’s culture was only 5,000 years old.

The dark blue triangular auto jet was flying towards Jiang Nan city in the middle of the night.

The bright moon shone down on the little district, Luo Feng’s house’s lights were still lit, standing at the entrance of the courtyard was his little brother, mother and others.

Luo Feng had called earlier to inform them about his arrival.

“Dad, mom, look at the fighter jet.” Luo Hua kept saying towards his father who was in a wheelchair and his mom who was looking at the side.

“Little Feng has returned.”

The family all went out excitedly, a dark blue fighter jet began to descend from high above, stopping about 100m away on a grass patch away from the house. The cabin door opened, Luo Feng, donning a black armor walked out, excitedly shouting: “Dad, Mom!”


Chapter 224: Assembling a Spaceship?

Luo Feng’s return made his parents very happy. However Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan didn’t know that within the short span of three to four days, Luo Feng had experienced so much! Early the next day, just as the morning mist had permeated the air, Luo Feng bid his family goodbye again, preparing to head towards the Hong Ning headquarter city.

“You just got back and you are leaving.” The dining table was filled with breakfast, his mother got up to push the wheelchair to send Luo Feng off.

“It’ll be quick, I’ll be back for lunch.” Luo Feng laughed.

“Back for lunch? Mom will personally go get ingredients and cook a delicious meal of your favourites.” Gong Xin Lan said happily.

Luo Feng nodded.

Even though he’s had luxurious delicacies within the virtual wargod palace, much better than what his mother cooks, whenever the smell of his mother’s cooking permeates the air, Luo Feng would feel a sense of joy from the bottom of his heart.

“Dad, mom, I’ll be leaving. When afternoon comes, I’ll give you all a surprise.” Luo Feng laughed mischievously and ran towards the auto jet.

“Surprise?”

Sitting on the wheelchair, Luo Hong Guo and his wife Gong Xin Lan looked at each other curiously.

The dark blue triangular auto jet swiftly flew from the Ming Yue district, heading straight towards west asia, towards the Hong Ning headquarter city.

“I’ve always wanted to let my parents use the spirits of nature, this time, I can finally trade for some of them.” Luo Feng was excited and filled with glee.

“Luo Feng.”

A clear crisp voice resounded in his head.

“Babata?” Luo Feng channeled a thread of spirit energy into the space within his wrist guard.

“Luo Feng, this is a good chance to exchange.” Babata continued, “while the spirits of nature may have some benefits and powers, its sum is too little. It’s only useful to normal people and student levels. To a star traveller, it hardly does anything! After obtaining some spirits of nature, let’s see if there are any other treasures we can exchange for! Your head may have been hiding some good stuff.”

“Oh, ok, anyway I officially have 4.5 crystals, I can exchange for a total of 90 stars worth of stuff.” Luo Feng’s thoughts flowed, “I’ll exchange for a few spirits of nature, whatever else you can decide.”

“Haha, relax, let me handle it!” Babata said.

……

Location: Hong Ning Base, a large spaceship is in construction. Donning an expensive black fur clothing, wearing a hat, and looking around 60 years old, a silver haired old lady walked out from the ship’s entrance. The three underlings who were waiting below from earlier immediately went to receive her.

“Chairman.”

“Chairman, are we returning now?”

Out of these three underlings, two of them were actually wargods, and the last was a butler.

“No rush, we’ll stay in the Hong Ning headquarter city for three days. While our negotiations with Hong didn’t succeed, we can still look for other investigators and guards.” The silver haired old lady’s voice was prominent and her face expressionless. Yet when she surveyed the surroundings with her gaze, no one around her dared make eye contact.

Even though she was a woman!

She was the king of the entire earth’s underground, the HR Alliance’s chairman!

“Pay attention to Hong Ning headquarter city, if you discover any of the three guards or the six investigators, let me know.” The silver haired old lady ordered.

“Yes.” The butler beside her acknowledged.

“Let’s go.” The old lady ordered.

Very quickly, a lavish Maybach car seemingly filled with history, under the underlings’ protection rolled up. This old lady entered the car. As the wheels began moving, the car left the Dojo of Limits headquarters.

Approximately one hour later.

A dark blue auto jet descended from above, landing in the landing pad beside A youth donning black casual clothes with a backpack jumped out and the cabin door closed behind him automatically.

“Investigator.”

“Investigator.”

The base’s guards saw Luo Feng, bowing with respect.

Luo Feng had on a backpack, walking briskly towards the entrance. These spaceship bases, even within the Dojo of Limits, few higher ranked personnel had the authority to enter. Barging in without access permission would only result in the defense systems shooting and killing. Yet obviously…Luo Feng was one with permission and clearance of the highest degrees.

“Investigator.”

“Investigator.”

Under the greetings of a few personnel in blue, Luo Feng went straight to look for the Head.

……

At the same time…

“Chairman, Dojo of Limits’ Investigator Luo has just entered the base.” News swiftly reached reached the Chairman of the HR Alliance.

Walking to the entrance of the ship’s construction.

“This is an interstellar transport ship.” Babata’s voice was filled shock and curiously as it resounded in Luo Feng’s mind, “I wonder what damage it has received. I would really like to survey it, but its system is completely locked down, no way I’m getting in.”

“What will you get from surveying it? This is the Head’s ship.” Luo Feng communicated.

“Simpleton, since the Yun Mo Planet Ship is beyond repair, I now have to think of a way…to leave the earth. Without a ship, how will you leave?” Babata retorted.

“This ship can still fly?” Luo Feng asked.

“Nope, this interstellar transport ship is damaged and hasn’t flown for too long. I estimate several parts have rusted and corroded; over time’s endless flow…even the strongest masters will decay. A completely perfect condition interstellar transporter, left underground for thousands of years will also have problems, much less one with damage.”

Luo Feng nodded: “Then why are you so stunned?”

“It is damaged, but it proves a point that there’s still many universe spaceship remains on earth. Get more remains, we might be able to build a small ship from them.” Babata excitedly said.

“Build a spaceship?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“That’s a small task! Don’t you know who you are talking to, I am a living AI! My knowledge compartment has stored vast amounts of information, several high level civilization information etc. With enough machinery, materials, robots etc, a large interstellar battleship is possible too. Don’t even mention putting together a simple spaceship.” Babata said confidently.

Luo Feng was filled with curiosity towards the vast universe. Especially the virtual universe network, according to Babata, entering the network would allow him to meet with the vast universe’s countless cultures and clans.

“Universe…”

While his heart wasn’t ready to wander the universe yet, building a ship capable of just that was always a good idea.

“Babata, I can buy a lot of machinery, materials for you to build.” Luo Feng said.

“Oh…”

Within the virtual space, Babata’s face had a helpless expression. “Covering long distances in the vast universe demands a lot from a ship! It’s not just the internal power supply system etc, the body itself has to be durable! The material on earth, strength and durability wise doesn’t even come close. Hence, the best option is to get remains from spaceships and rebuild from there.”

“This isn’t urgent, once you’ve reached the Star level, checking out other planets occasionally wouldn’t be too far.” Babata said.

……

Regarding the building of the spaceship, Lou Feng left it to Babata to plan, putting his own energy and concentration into his own training.

Within the ship, the room was still.

“Head.” Luo Feng bowed.

“Luo Feng, sit,” A black dressed Hong sat crossed legged on a praying mat, Luo Feng followed and sat crossed legged.

“For what purpose have you come?” Hong looked towards Luo Feng. “I would like to exchange for some things” Luo Feng directly said, “using the Mu Ya crystals!”

“Haha, good.”

Hong couldn’t help but smile, he was very clear on the Mu Ya crystals’ abilities! Be it for his own training or to feed the growth of his cloud contact vine, Hong needed them! Thus, he was very appreciative of others coming to exchange their crystals.

“This is the exchange catalog, it’s more detailed than what you saw before!” Hong waved his hand.

Hu!

Within the dark quiet room, a large screen appeared, displaying a large number of goods, with their explanations and their price.

“It’s definitely more than before.” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up.

“Whatever you want to exchange for, just exchange.” Hong looked towards Luo Feng, “You should be able to exchange for 90 stars worth of goods. If you have more Mu Ya crystals, you can also use them.” Finishing his last line, Hong’s face revealed a smile, he had already guessed that in the Misty Island treasure hunt, there would be people who secretly hide one or two Mu Ya crystals.

Luo Feng was glued to the screen.

“Spirits of nature, three of no. 2, two of no. 5, and two of no. 9.” Luo Feng immediately reported.

Hong nodded as he heard that.

He wasn’t afraid of Luo Feng buying, in contrary, he was more afraid of him not buying!

“Babata, have you seen the screen?” Luo Feng’s used his thoughts to ask.

“I can see it. I knew early on that you earthlings wouldn’t have any treasure. And as I suspected, you guys sure are poor, using these toys as treasures.” Despite having prepared mentally, Babata was still disappointed with the low level of goods Hong had displayed.

“Ah, there’s a small treasure.” Babata shouted, “Luo Feng, the ancient apparatus right at the bottom, the gravity room.”

Luo Feng quickly looked below.

Ancient gravity room: 1-1000 times earth’s gravity, price 90 stars.

Luo Feng was shocked!

Isn’t this the renowned training device gravity room? In the previous exchange, it wasn’t there. This time, Hong actually could bear to take it out, looks like he really wants the crystals. However…it’s priced so high? 90 stars, that was 4.5 Mu Ya crystals, looks like there’s very little in the entire world.

The Head purposely priced it at 90 stars, obviously to lure Luo Feng to use all his stars to buy.

“Head, this ancient gravity room, I want it.” Luo Feng said.

“Oh?”

Hong looked shocked at Luo Feng, “Looks like you’ve really had some other findings, this ancient gravity room..is very efficient for training, I’ve always been reluctant to sell it. Now that you want it, I’ll sell it! Those spirits of nature, do you still want those?” The price of the ancient gravity room was 90 stars, officially, Luo Feng could only afford that much.

“Add on two more portions of dragon blood, and two portions of 100 year black crow root, sum it all up.” Luo Feng said.

“Spirits of nature, two 1000 year black crow roots equate to three stars…a total of 20 stars. Along with the gravity room, it’s a total of 110 stars!” Hong was shocked as he looked at Luo Feng.

110 stars, that’s worth 5.5 Mu Ya Crystals!

5 Mu Ya Crystals appeared from Luo Feng’s black casual shirt, plus the 0.5 owed to him from Hong.

“Tsk tsk, Luo Feng, your earnings this time is not small at all.” Hong smiled.

“Indeed it wasn’t, no one else saw.” Luo Feng smiled, “however in an instant, my pocket is empty.”

“Spirits of nature, you’ll receive the moment you leave! As for the ancient gravity room, you’ll have to wait a few days, I’ll have people to send it to your place.” Hong was happy, the entire earth’s powers only attained a total of how many crystals? And knowing its capabilities, everyone was trying to vie with each other for more, who would sell them?

And Luo Feng sold them, this made Hong’s mood extremely good.

……

As Luo Feng walked out of the cabin door, his hand held a silver briefcase, filled with the spirits of nature.

“Investigator.”

Luo Feng was shocked, in front of him stood a silver haired old lady in lavish black fur clothing. Surrounded by three underlings, she smiled as she spoke with proficient chinese, “How are you, Investigator Luo, allow me to slightly disturb you, you can call me Isadora! I wonder if I have the honor of having a cup of coffee with investigator Luo?”

“Isadora?” the name immediately jolted Luo Feng’s memory.

The underground empress of the world, the HR Alliance’s chairman… Isadora !


Chapter 225: To Meet Again

As a star traveller, Luo Feng was aware of earth’s important figures. Isadora! This was earth’s underground empress, her stories could be written into a series of books.

Within a private room of a quiet coffee shop in the Hong Ning headquarter city.

Luo Feng and Isadora were sitting facing each other.

“Lady Isadora.” Luo Feng opened the sugar packet, pouring into the coffee cup, stirring gently, “I wonder what you need from me?”

“Investigator Luo is so direct, I too shall be frank.” Isadora smiled, wrinkles appearing at the side of her eyes, “The big Misty Island excavation. Everybody from every side fought for the Mu Ya Crystals, invigilator Luo’s power could actually match the 3rd and 4th representatives, it was definitely an eye opener for everybody!”

Luo Feng smiled, the incident definitely raised him to the same level as those three representatives.

“Your earnings this time were not small either.” Isadora looked at Luo Feng, “My HR Alliance really want those crystals, of course, the price can be yours to decide. We’ll be very fair.”

Luo Feng laughed.

Mu Ya Crystal?

He understood that the whole world and it’s powers were going to be fighting to acquire them, they had many uses, one was to raise a student level 8 or 9, within a month’s time, to enter the star traveller level. Meaning…one crystal could create a new representative!

The earth only had so few representatives? To the five big countries, one representative was akin to a mobile nuclear weapon!

“Stupid, another willing to use the Mu Ya crystal to create another star traveller level 1.” Within the virtual space, Babata donned a lavish emperor robe, sitting at the dining table and eating while saying, cursing, “actually using Mu Ya Crystals, such a treasure, wasting them on creating level 1 star travellers, what a waste!”

It was indeed a waste!

Mu Ya Crystals were nothing to the master of the Yun Mo Planet, but he did collect a lot of them, and they were considered treasures within the universe…yet within the universe, a star traveller level 1 was nothing but small fry, there were too many of them and they were the weakest of the lot. Who would waste a crystal to create such a warrior?

Even Hong, Thunder God couldn’t bear to go help out the wargods. Without the crystal, reaching the star level would be very hard for them. With it however, their chances were better.

……

However, on earth, a star traveller was already amongst the elite of earth.

“Mu Ya Crystals? My apologies, I just exchanged mine for these with my Head.” Luo Feng looked apologetic.

“Oh, it’s like that.” Chairman Isadora looked at Luo Feng, “Investigator Luo, are there any left?” Even if it’s one crystal, it can still create one more representative!”

Luo Feng gave a mysterious smile.

Chairman Isadora immediately caught on, understanding Luo Feng still had some hidden.

“How about this, Lady Isadora, I’ll personally go visit you next time.” Luo Feng laughed, “However, I prefer ancient civilization items, like spaceships or whatever’s weird and out of this world.”

“Oh?” Isadora was shocked.

To the countries, these ancient items were secret, as studying the science behind these items could lead to amazing discoveries.

“Alright, I’ll prepare a list and document, awaiting your arrival.” Isadora laughed.

A few ancient remains for Mu Ya Crystal, she didn’t hesitate.

Luo Feng was clear, most of earth’s ancient civilization remains were already discovered, whatever could be taken have long been taken! Whatever Hong and the others couldn’t take away, he couldn’t possibly take himself! Since that was the case, he could only come up with ways to work with the countries, HR Alliance and dojos, to see if he can get materials and whatnot from them to build his ship.

It was a good trade!

Anyway, the crystals were treasures everybody wanted!

……

That afternoon, Luo Feng sat in his auto jet back to the Yang Zhou city where his house was.

After lunch.

Luo Feng’s house’s 2nd level, had Luo Feng, Luo Hua and his parents, the family of four.

“Dad, mum, Luo Hua, after swallowing you’ll feel your whole body go limp and numb, you’ll have a refreshing feeling!” Luo Feng put the already sliced three pieces of green pulp in front of them, these were all from the same spirit of nature. It’s medicinal effects were very gentle, non-damaging to the body.

However, to give a spirit of nature to three ordinary people to consume, no one would ever do that. It was simply too much of a waste!

One spirit of nature could help a higher level fighter rise straight to become a middle level wargod or higher wargod, and its large amounts of medicinal properties that would gather in the body, absorbing over time, raising one’s power very quickly! That was why one spirit of nature was equivalent to a high level wargod.

Giving it to normal people…

The most it would do was create a warlord level fighter!

“It’s quite sweet.” Luo Hong Huo lightly bit into it, putting it into his mouth.

“It’s nicer than carrots.” Gong Xin Lan commented.

“It’s delicious.” Luo Hua swallowed it down.

Luo feng looked as his family finished it, saying: “Oh, this may taste only a little better than carrots, but its price is much higher than a carrot! It’s worth more than the 1000 year old Black Crow root by quite a bit.”

“What!”

“Worth more than the black crow root?”

Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan and Luo Hua were all shocked. The last time Luo Feng was trapped in the Archeological ruin 9, the family faced a predicament…it was Luo Hua who used the 1000 year black crow root to become one of the leading eight prominent business figures. The price of that root was already unbelievable.

“One bite was worth a few hundred million?” Luo Hong Guo and the other two looked at each other.

“Dad, mum, you cannot use money to measure its worth. There are many treasures on earth money can’t buy.” Luo Feng shook his head, “these spirits of nature, you all just ate one. I’ve brought in my briefcase eight of them, along with two portions of dragon blood, Luo Hua, these will be left in your care.”

“Eight spirits of nature? Two portions of dragon blood?” His little brother Luo Hua was too shocked for words.

Luo Feng laughed when he saw this.

Different positions meant one looked at problems with different perspectives. Just power wise, once he accepted his master, he was on the same standing as Hong and Thunder God! To these two who were high above everybody else, stronger than the five countries by a little. This position meant that the earth’s currency wasn’t worth much at all.

And talking about position…

As Yun Mo Planet’s master’s only disciple, this position itself was greater than even the Emperor of the Silverblue Empire that leads eight galaxies. It was a pity…Yun Mo Planet’s master was dead, whatever power he had before was gone. Luo Feng was still really grateful, if Yun Mo Planet hadn’t been destroyed, he wouldn’t have had the chance to become the disciple of Yun Mo planet’s master.

……

Looking at his parents and little brother trying to move his blood red battle knife, Luo Feng laughed.

“Babata, scan for me, my parents and little brother’s body conditions.” Luo Feng ordered, “what level.”

“Your father is a student level 3, mother is a student level 2, and your little brother is a student level 3. Normal people’s absorption efficiencies are really low, that spirit of nature, though split to three, each portion was no less than one portion of dragon blood. With one portion of dragon blood, your normal fighter could become a beginner warrior.” Babata said.

Luo Feng was satisfied.

As long as his family was healthy, that was enough. He never once expected his parents to go out in the wild to kill monsters.

“Dad, mom, I have something to tell you.” Luo Feng said.

“What is it?” Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan were still lost in the refreshing feeling brought about by consuming the spirits of nature.

“I’ve got news, we still have relatives that are alvie!” Luo Feng said.”

“Alive?” his parents immediately got excited,” Little Feng, quickly, how many?”

“Right now I’ve discovered two.” Luo Feng said directly, “one is mom’s younger cousin Gong Xin Hua.”

“My uncle’s Little Hua?” His mother was a bit happy and surprised, but clearly not extremely happy. During the Great Nirvana, she was still too young to remember much. Later amidst escaping, only did she learn about such a relative from Luo Feng’s grandfather. That’s why she didn’t have too vivid a memory of Gong Xin Hua.

“What about the other relative?” Luo Hong Guo asked.

“The 2nd, is your great aunt Luo Hong Qin, also my grandfather’s sister. Her child Tang Chen is also alive. Right now Tang Chen is married with a pair of twins. The twins are the same age as me this year.” Luo Feng said.

“My aunt is still alive?”

“Aunt is alive?” Luo Hong Guo’s eyes opened wide.

Seeing them made Luo Feng feel a sense of longing, when they used to live in an inexpensive rented place, he would often hear his father mention this great aunt, because before the Great Nirvana period, his dad could already remember things, and his impression of this great aunt was very deep! That’s why when reminiscing about relatives, besides Luo Feng’s grandmother and father, it was all about this great aunt.

“My aunt used to always bring good food when she visited, she even bought me a hand held game device, I still remember her appearance vividly.” Luo Hong Guo’s tears flowed, “To think she’s still alive, right, back then, they were in Japan on holiday when disaster erupted. They were trapped there. Later on, that area expanded and became Kyoto headquarter city.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Japan is considered a part of China, the place with the highest survival rates during the Grand Nirvana period.

“Little Feng, do you know where your grandfather’s sister is now? I would like to go immediately to visit.” Luo Hong Guo said.

“Right now?” Luo Feng looked towards his mother and she nodded at him.

How many years have passed.

Who could wait that long?

“Then let us prepare to leave immediately.” Luo Feng nodded.

That afternoon 4pm, the dark blue auto jet was parked at one of the eight great cities of Kyoto headquarter city, Tian Jin city, at the Dojo of Limits neighborhood districts.

Luo Feng didn’t allow anybody to see him off, just his family of four sitting in a car, heading towards his father’s aunt’s house.

……

“Director, Tian Jin city’s report.”

A bald middle aged man received a file from his underling, waved for him to leave before opening it and looking at the report.

“Luo Feng has come to the Kyoto headquarter city?” The bald middle aged man was shocked, immediately picking up the telephone and dialing on the secret line.

“Put me through to the no.1 senior official.”


Chapter 226: Cell Phone

China’s returns from the Misty Island incident were definitely not bad. However, Mu Ya Crystals were treasures, no one would ever complain about having more! When Luo Feng reached Kyoto headquarter city, news spread quickly, China’s top executives began moving immediately. Luo Feng was however keeping a low profile sitting in a normal car with his family going to visit his great aunt.

An apartment in a small district.

Ring, ring.

Luo Feng and his family stood outside one of the several villas lined up together, father Luo Hong Guo pressing the doorbell.

“Don’t bother, there’s nobody home. The house’s old lady has been hospitalized, her son and his wife have all gone to look after her.” An old man walking his dog shouted.

“Oh?”

Luo Feng spreaded his spiritual force to search the compound, there was indeed nobody.

“May I ask sir, which hospital?” Luo Feng asked.

“It’s definitely Tian Jin’s People’s Number One Hospital.” He said, “The Tang family is rich, it’d be weird if they didn’t go to that one.”

……

Luo Feng and his family took the car, one in front beside the chauffeur and the other three behind.

“My aunt seems to be doing fine, living in a villa, much better than what we used to live in.” Luo Hong Guo smiled, “I can rest easy.”

“My aunt’s family’s grandson, granddaughter were all very clever when they were young. They had good scores and they went to college at the age of 15. Right now they are working in a government important research facility, that villa was given to them by that facility.” Luo Feng said, this was all information included in the file sent over.

Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan laughed: “Brilliant! Just like my two children.”

Luo Feng and Luo Hua couldn’t help but look at each other.

“Wahaha, this is called talent!” Within the wrist guard space, Babata, who was comfortably lying in a bubble bath laughed, “Luo Feng, looks like your mental aptitude probably came from your Luo family’s bloodline. Being born after the Great Nirvana period with the Luo bloodline, you four, not bad.”

“I mean just look, your little brother is also really smart, being able to perform so well in the stock market by relying only on himself. Your Aunt’s granddaughter and grandson all has your aunt Luo Hong Qin’s blood, hence their cleverness.”

“People with high mental aptitudes are naturally clever.” Babata said, “Of course they are nowhere near you…haha…”

……

Tian Jin city, one of the eight great cities of Kyoto headquarter city, the People’s Number One hospitall, in a special patient ward.

An old lady with full white hair lay on the bed, her face pale and void of blood. Laying on the sofa beside was a middle aged couple sleeping, and a pair of youths, a boy and a girl, by the side of the bed talking to the old lady.

“You people are?” the young girl curiously said as she turned to look at the entrance of the room.

There stood Luo Feng and his family.

Luo Hong Guo walked over, looking at the old lady on the bed whose breathing was a little uneasy. The old lady too looked curiously at the middle aged man, before her expression began to change, clearly agitated: “You, you are…” This caused the middle aged couple on the sofa on the side to get up.

“Mom, what’s wrong?” The couple ran over.

“Who are you?” The middle aged man looked at Luo Hong Guo with some apprehension.

“You must be Tang Chen.” Luo Hong Guo looked back, “in a blink of an eye, we’ve grown old.”

“You are…” Tang Chen looked suspiciously at the person in front of him.

Luo Hong Guo couldn’t help but tear, looking towards the old lady, she too began to struggle to sit up, looking carefully at him: “You are…Hong Guo?”

“Yes, that’s me, Hong Guo! Aunt, you still recognize me.” Luo Hong Guo was clearly emotional.

“It really is Hong Guo, you look almost exactly like your father, that mouth…” The old lady excitedly extended her thin frail hand, holding onto Luo Hong Guo, “Hong Guo, you are still alive, your little aunt never thought that she’d be able to see you again in this life.”

“You are my older cousin?” The middle aged man looked at him.

“Yes.” Luo Hong Guo nodded.

“My god, this, it’s been over 40 years, Cousin! Cousin!!!” The middle aged man Tang Chen was emotional beyond compare, the Great Nirvana period had broken countless families, separating the survivors all over. With the travelling functions broken and communications gone then. The countries lost many household names and they vanished.

“I recognized you from one look” The old lady was extremely happy, “you look almost the same as my older brother. Hong Guo, where’s your dad and mom?”

Luo Hong Guo shook his head.

The old lady saw and sighed.

“Feng, Hua, come over.” Luo Hong Guo waved his hand and looked at the old lady, “Little aunt, these are my two children.”

“Hong Guo, back then you were still a little kid, in a blink of an eye, you have two sons, and they are so big. Come, let me see.” The old lady struggled hard to open her eyes wide, Luo Feng and Luo Hua walked close to the bed. The old lady looked carefully, “Hm, not bad, quite handsome, they have the looks of our Luo family!”

“Yong Qing, Yong Yuan, Little Feng, Little Hua, come over, you four children should have a good talk.” The old lady gestured.

Peng!

The ward door was suddenly kicked open, scaring a bunch of people within it. They all looked disapprovingly over. Three men walked in, a youth with a cold gaze along with two built men following behind. Seeing those three men, Little Aunt’s entire family’s expressions changed.

“What are you doing here!” Little Aunt’s granddaughter Tang Yong Qing stepped up, face filled with rage.

“I’m here to tell you you only have three days to choose!” The youth with the cold gaze looked coldly at her, “Yong Qing, you should know my temper!”

“You, you should leave now, don’t come here.” Tang Yong Qing said.

Her brother Tang Yong Yuan stepped forward, angrily pointing at the youth: “Wang Xing An! Don’t push it, my sister and I are top researchers at the research facility, you…”

“Bullshit!”

The youth gazed coldly at Tang Yong Yuan, “Your research facility isn’t worth my attention, don’t bring up this bullshit research. Punk, don’t think I won’t hurt you just because of your sister, I’ve given her three days…three days later, if she doesn’t submit to me. Not just your sister, you punk who already scolded me three times, I’ll deal with you all!”

“Three days…” The youth raised three fingers at Tang Yong Qing, smiling evilly, “three more days…my beautiful Yong Qing, I really hope such a beautiful flower won’t wither this way!”

Tang Yong Yuan was trembling with rage.

“Yong Qing, what’s going on?” The middle aged couple beside asked.

“Dad, it’s nothing.” Yong Qing consoled them.

“Old man, listen well.” The youth stared at Tang Chen, smiling, “three days later, if your daughter agrees to be my woman, your family will live a good life! However, if she doesn’t… I’ll see that your family goes to hell! Your fates, now lies within Yong Qing’s hands, haha..”

Luo Feng was standing quietly at the side, Luo Hua looked towards him: Brother?”

“Don’t rush, let’s see more of it.” Luo Feng said calmly.

Luo Hua nodded.

……

Tang Chen and his wife were baffled, the old lady in the bed began to shout: “Yong Qing, just who is this man? What’s going on?”

“Wang Xing An. You already have so many women, why do you pester my sister!” Tang Yong Yuan raged.

“I have no other hobbies, my only hobby is to collect the many different types of women.” Wang Xing An smiled evilly, “Look at your sister…Tsk tsk tsk, her looks get 85 points, that scholar attitude can probably add another 20, exceeding the full 100. So alluring, my collection lacks such a woman. Yong Qing, if you resist, you know the outcome.”

“With such a sentence, just close your eyes and enjoy, no point resisting.” Wang Xing An smiled, “I really do not wish to personally destroy you, you know, when I destroyed the women who resisted me before, my heart ached so badly!” He grabbed his chest where his heart was.

“You pervert!” Tang Yong Yuan shouted.

“This kind of person, will never understand me.” Wang Xing An’s gaze had a look of grandeur, looking pitifully at Yong Yuan, “that expression of rage, tsk tsk, in my eyes, you are just an ant.” Turning to Yong Qing with a more despondent look, “Yong Qing, we were so good back then when we loved each other, wasn’t it? Do you have to force me to be like this, I’m not a person fond of using his fists.”

Yong Qing bit her lip.

“Pa! Pa!”

Applause rang.

Everyone in the ward turned over, even Wang Xing An and his henchmen turned curiously over, Luo Feng clad in a casual black shirt was lightly clapping his hands, smiling at Xing An.

“I really dislike people acting high and mighty in front of me.” Wang Xing An raised his head, gaze condescending and cold like a poisonous snake, “he clapped his hands, no. 2, go break his hands.”

“Yes.”

A sturdy man laughed.

“Stop.” Yong Qing shouted, looking at Wang Xing An and crying, “I’ll promise you, stop this, don’t be like this.”

“Haha, isn’t this good?” Wang Xing An raised his eyebrows, laughing, “No. 2 come back, I’ll be the bigger man and be magnanimous, I’ll spare him…”

“I never expected I’d encounter such a situation in Kyoto headquarter city.

A voice sounded.

Everyone turned, Luo Feng spoke. Wang Xing An’s expression began to turn really ugly, gaze as cold as ice: “you must be looking for death.”

“Don’t interfere.” Yong Qing looked nervously at Luo Feng, “He is Wang Xing An, a member of the Kyoto headquarter city’s Wang family, and they have great economic authority, he is their family’s first heir and his mother is from Kyoto headquarter city’s main military sector…”

“I should call you cousin.”

Luo Feng laughed, Yong Qing froze.

Luo Feng walked directly to Wang Xing An, calmly pacing himself.

“Who are you?” Wang Xing An stared hard at Luo Feng.

“Who am I?”

Luo Feng let out a laugh.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Several pieces of paper suddenly flew from the bedside, breaking into six pieces that danced around, six pieces capable of destroying, with a speed so fast no one could react, it flew past Xing An’s two arms, legs, backbone and lower abdomen! A trickle of blood flew out, actually gathering itself in the air and forming little balls beside Luo Feng.

“You, you…” Wang Xing An wanted to struggle, but his entire body seemed paralyzed, only his head could move.

The entire place was silent, the two bodyguards were dumbfounded…they were clear, their enemy was a spirit reader! Everybody else including Yong Qing and others were staring at Luo Feng and his family, just what did this family do? Where did this fierce person come from?

“You dare to lay a hand on me.” Wang Xing An gritted his teeth angrily.

“This expression of rage…” Luo Feng overlooked Wang Xing An, “in your words…in my eyes, you are only an ant.”

“You are courting death, courting death.” Wang Xing An’s gaze was scary.

“Courting death?”

Luo Feng looked at him, “Tell me, who are you looking for to take revenge for you? Your mom has connections with the main military sector? Oh, China’s army’s number 1 person, is a person exceeding the wargods ‘Jia Yi’. And your Wang family is one of the nine big families under the HR Alliance, the highest position in the HR Alliance is the Chairman, Isadora!”

Luo Feng took out his handphone from his pocket, opening it, showing the screen to Wang Xing An, “These two numbers in the middle, one is Jia Yi and the other is the HR Alliance Chairman Isadora. If you want to look for them to take revenge for you, go ahead…don’t look at the other numbers, the one on top is the Dojo of Limits Head Hong.”


Chapter 227: The Meeting

Wang Xing An was paralyzed on the floor of the ward as he looked at the phone screen’s display.

Jia Yi? China’s army’s number one person!

Isadora? The underground empress who controls more than half of the world’s economy!

Hong? The invincible no.1 in the world!

These three names, any one of them was sufficient to shake the world. And right now these young man had these numbers in his phone! To be able to take directly through phone to them, was harder than trying to call a country’s government to discuss matters!

“This, this…”

Within the ward, Tang Yong Qing, Tang Yong Yuan and the rest of their family, along with Xing An and his bodyguards, everyone was staring at Luo Feng. Just who in the world was this youth in a casual black shirt and where did he come from?

“You’re kidding me!!!”

Wang Xing An was raging uncontrollably, his expression was struggling, lying on the floor staring at Luo Feng, “You think you can randomly show me numbers and expect me to stop? You say you know the HR Alliance Chairman and the Dojo of Limits head. I can say I’m Hong’s son, random lies, who can’t do that?”

“In this whole world, the people able to directly communicate with these three people are too few! There probably aren’t more than three people on this earth who can do such a thing at a young age like yours!” Wang Xing An laughed, “If I have such luck to meet one, I can go win the lottery!”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh.

“Hmph.”

“I can see you are a spirit reader with some background.” Xing An lay on the floor, staring hard at Luo Feng, “You want to play with me civilly or with force?”

“Civil, force? Luo Feng curiously looked at Xing An. “Humor me.”

“Force, meaning you are crazy enough to kill me here! The hospital is a public place, under the base’s supervision system, it’s everywhere in this hospital…whatever goes on here, will all be recorded in the base’s recording system very clearly. When the Wang family goes through the court systems, even if you are a higher Wargod, you’ll still be put to death!”

“If you kill me, the court will put the death sentence on you, this is through force!”

“The civil way is simple, you let me go! I won’t leave, I’ll stay here outside this room…awaiting the headquarter city’s police force! Based on our own methods, we’ll see who’s more unlucky, you or I.” Wang Xing An stared at Luo Feng with a crazed look in his eyes.

Luo Feng looked down on him.

The Tang family within the room were scared silly, the legendary ‘Wang’ family, was not something they could deal with. Right now, this relative whom they just met…was actually a spirit reader. And not some ordinary person! No matter, their Tang family was a small one.

“Wang Xing An.” Luo Feng looked calmly at him.

“Speak.” Xing An stared back.

“Even if you are not afraid of death, you have some capability.” Luo Feng nodded, “However the amount of people who aren’t afraid of death are too many. Just like the fighters who are constantly fighting in the wild, constantly on the brink of death! I’m curious, why do you force so many women to submit to you?”

Xing An seemed a little proud from that: “Hobby! My one and only hobby! Every exceptional girl, are all creations from up above, they are the best collector’s items!”

“So if they refuse, you use force?” Luo Feng continued, “if they still refuse you destroy them. Why do you destroy girls who don’t submit to you?”

“They are just ants! To be able to join my collection is their honor.” Xing An confidently said.

Luo Feng stared at this youth on the floor.

“They have no history or feud with you or any relations. You actually get to decide what to do with people’s fates?” Luo Feng looked at him, “You let me know whether you want to do this the civil way or the hard way.”

“I’ll tell you!”

“If we go by force, you die! I’m fine!”

“The civil way, you’ll still die! I’m fine!”

Luo Feng looked calmly at him, “without any feud or history with you, even my cousin who does her country service as a researcher, has never done any evil. She rejects you and you want to send her family to hell? Just based on that one point…Xing An, I can tell you this!”

“I can wait for the police to come!”

“I can wait for the army

“I can wait for your Wang Family people to come down!”

“Even if you had ample preparation and then go to court! Whatever method, whatever background and connections, use them all, I hereby declare…The court’s final decision will be death…immediate execution!” Luo Feng’s voice was calm, almost like saying some very mundane.

Luo Feng looked at the two guards: “Take your master and leave! Clean him up!”

The two bodyguards looked at each other, one of them began dragging the paralyzed Xing An out, the other began cleaning up the bloodstains on the floor.

Outside the ward.

The hospital’s security guards along with the department head was there, however after reviewing the tapes in slow motion, they realized one of them was a spirit reader and were too frightened to go in.

“Master Wang!”

“Master Wang, are you ok?”

Head Tian and Head Fu ran quickly as they saw him being dragged out.

“Not dead yet!”

Xing An’s expression was cold.

Within Kyoto headquarter city, whoever with a little position would know of a few special princes, Wang Xing An was one of them! Director Tian, as a higher ranked department head in the hospital, definitely recognized the important people and treated Xing An with respect.

“Young master, what do we do?” The 2 bodyguards looked at Xing An.

“Kyoto headquarter city and its eight cities, among the elite, who doesn’t recognize me? Tian Jin city’s special forces head Li Dong has even drank with me before, he’ll be the first come! Also send this news to my Wang family.” Wang Xing An had a crazed look, “He’s crazy! Crazier than me!”

……

A red auto jet arrived, flying about the airspace above Tian Jin City.

The cabin door opened.

Dressed in a chinese tunic suit, Jia Yi sat there, posture upright.

“Mr Jia, we’ll arrive in Tian Jin city soon, Luo Feng is currently in the Number 1 hospital there.” Within the cabin, a middle aged man wearing glasses smiled as he said.

“Ok.”

“Luo Feng acquired quite a number of Mu Ya Crystals this time, if I can get one from him, it’ll be considered a success.” Jia Yi nodded, “remember, I’ll be doing the talking later, don’t interrupt! This Luo Feng’s growth speed is too shocking, on Misty Island he actually was on par with the 3rd chairman.”

“And he’s only 21! Too young!” Jia Yi lowered his voice, “You never know, in the future, he might be just like Hong and Thunder God, existences whose positions cannot be challenged.”

Hong, Thunder God!

That was a point where one’s strength was already above a country’s! The five great countries also treated the two with respect. Their overpowering strength dictates that. And with Luo Feng’s growth speed…a few years and he’s on par with the 3rd chairman, it’ll be no surprise if he catches up with Hong and Thunder God.

No choice! Luo Feng was too young, his potential was too shocking!

“Mr Jia, we’ve reached the hospital. Oh, why’s there a police car below?”

“Let’s go down.” Jia Yi said seriously.

……

Kyoto headquarter city, main city sector, Wang Family.

“Who’s their head of security?” Donning a lavish suit, a bald old man was roaring like a lion, “Don’t tell me they’ve never seen a picture of Luo Feng before? After the news came from the Tian Jin special forces, he actually didn’t stop the special forces from heading there!”

“Dad.”

The middle aged man beside him said, “Luo Feng is a representative, you know it. Representative pictures and news are kept secret, hardly ever leaked! The head of security Old Li may have seen his picture, but not the real person, even after seeing the tape from the Tian Jin city, to be able to identify that young man as Luo Feng wouldn’t be easy.”

“Get out!”

“You’re still yapping! Hurry up and call Xing An, are you not satisfied with the amount of trouble he’s caused? Luo Feng! He’s on par with the 3rd chairman, our Wang Family cannot afford to offend him!” The head of the Wang Family lost his composure as he raged.

No choice!

To face such a figure, one that was on par with the 3rd chairman, one that even countries had to treat with respect, what was his one family? A few representatives were in the HR alliance as temporary guests, but they were temporary after all! Even the HR alliance wouldn’t easily mess with a regular representative, and don’t even mention one of Luo Feng’s level!

Tian Jin First hospital.

Special ward room.

The Tang family, along with the Luo family were in there. There was a huge number of special forces in armor outside.

“It’s quite a ruckus out there.” Luo Hua looked out, “big brother, a huge number of police are here.”

“Don’t worry.”

Luo Feng took out his phone, “Hello, you’ve arrived at the hospital? Haha, right, I’m here. Can you see the large number of police? I’m right in the center of their barricade. Haha..no problem, I just met a piece of scum, handled it. Oh ok, you can come over then.”

……

Outside the ward.

“Team 1 is in position!”

“Team 2 is in position!”

“Team 3 is in position!”

Hearing the responses from the communicator, the head of the special forces Li Dong said, “The target is a spirit reader. Everyone has to follow the plan, don’t be careless, we have to take him down with one blow. Also…don’t harm the other innocent people inside.

“Affirmative.”

“Affirmative.”

“Affirmative.”

Li Dong shook his head, as Tian Jin city’s most powerful special force, they had their methods in dealing with powerful fighters. Wang Xin An was being supported in a chair beside, looking as things unfolded.

“Hm?”

Li Dong suddenly took out his phone from his pocket, getting a shock from the number displayed.

“Yes, Senior official!” Li Dong immediately stood at attention, expression serious.

“Yes!”

“Understood!”

“Understood!” Li Dong closed his phone, picked up the communicator, “Retreat, full retreat!” The troops that were already spaced out in critical points ready to move were all forced to swiftly retreat, under Li Dong’s order, they quickly lined up in their groups to welcome the senior official.

“Li Dong, what’s going on?” Wang Xing An shouted from the chair he was sitting in.

“Shut up!” Li Dong stared at him, “Senior official Jia is here.”

“Jia Yi?” Xing An was shocked.

The special forces formed two rows, in the corridor sides, everyone at attention. Walking in behind from the back, a skinny small middle aged man dressed in a chinese tunic suit, with two underlings following him, strolled pass! The rank displayed on these two underlings shoulders made the policemen stand even more at attention!

They were generals!

Two generals following behind? Just who was this leader?

“Aunt, you take care here. Dad, mom, you two stay here and keep her company, I have things to attend to.” Following the commotion outside, a youth dressed in a black casual shirt walked out.

The corridor was silent!

The special forces policemen, the hospital head and others, along with Xing An stuck in a chair, were all unable to speak. The special forces were in two rows along the walls of the corridor, in the center…Jia Yi was walking towards Luo Feng. The moment Luo Feng stepped out of the room, Jia Yi walked over.

“Representative Jia.” Luo Feng smiled as he walked over.

“Representative Luo!” Jia Yi walked towards him.

The two smiled as they shook hands.

No one around could utter a sound. Xing An’s face had gone ghostly pale.


Chapter 228: The Inheritance of Yun Mo Planet’s Master

“Let’s find a quiet place to talk.” Luo Feng said, following that, he and Jia Yi headed straight towards the corridor end’s elevator, followed by the two colonels behind.

Besides Luo Feng and Jia Yi, nobody else uttered a sound.

This was the scene of the two of them leaving through the elevator.

“Phew!”

“My god, did you see their ranks? Two generals.” When the two had left for awhile, noise erupted in the hallway.

“That’s a being that surpasses a wargod Jia Yi. When we were escaping during the Grand Nirvana period, I saw him battling a monster.” shouted the hospital deputy director, whose hair was all silver.

……

“Its senior official Jia Yi, the other representative was definitely Luo Feng.” Special forces head Li Dong was covered in sweat, “I was just about to prepare to capture Investigator Luo, I was really courting death.” While he may never have seen Luo Feng in person before, as the head of the Tian Jin city’s police system, he knew of his name and reputation.

“Wang Xing An, I was almost killed because of you!” Li Dong turned to Xing An, who was lying in a chair that was moved to the side.

Xing An’s face was ghostly pale.

“It’s over!”

“It’s over!”

Xing An’s mind began to recall vividly the conversation he was having before… “Under any circumstance, background or connections, I hereby declare…the court’s final decision will still be death, immediate execution!”

Suddenly his phone rang.

“Your phone is ringing.” Li Dong shouted. Xing An’s two bodyguards beside immediately picked up the phone and answered, putting it to Xing An’s ear.

All he heard was his father’s roars of rage and orders.

“Dad.”

Xing An looked as though he was hugging on to his last strand of hope, “That was Luo Feng in the ward earlier…” At this time, he didn’t dare to hide any single piece of information. He explained it from start to end, hoping that his family could help him out. Yet his all his father could do was hang up and look for the Head of the Family.

Just five minutes later.

In the hallway.

Three army personnel dressed in black uniforms walked directly to Xing An’s side, one of them taking a piece of paper out, at the bottom of it was a very special seal: “Wang Xing An, you are suspected of murder, you’ll be arrested immediately.” The other two handcuffed him and lifted him away. They left immediately without even looking at Li Dong.

“It’s over, no one can save him.” Li Dong knew there was no chance when he saw the seal.

The earth was filled with savage and lawless people.

However…

As the saying goes, one who constantly walks by the river will someday wet his shoes, heaven’s net is wide and nothing ever escapes it. One day, he’ll meet his just deserts! Wang Xing An, in the eyes of Luo Feng or Jia Yi, was nothing but a small figure, not worth that much trouble at all. Just a word and they could kill him.

Kill him personally? That was a waste of strength.

Within a quiet waiting room of the hospital.

Luo Feng and Jia Yi sat facing each other with cups of hot tea.

“To allow you to encounter such a thing in Kyoto headquarter city.” Jia Yi shook his head, “However, there is definitely darkness on earth, without it, there can be no light! So…there’s no way to avoid darkness in any era. This Wang Xing An will be immediately executed through the courts.

Luo Feng nodded.

He understood this point well, it was inevitable for darkness to exist.

“Jia Yi, what’s the purpose of you looking for me?” Luo Feng asked.

“Mu Ya Crystals.”

Jia Yi smiled,” I’ll be frank, no choice, these crystals are too important. One of them can create a representative. And those loyal to their countries are how many? One more would increase the influence of our country and also its position.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Of course, we won’t just take the crystals without returning anything, we’ll be very fair.” Jia Yi said, “Whatever condition you want, just mention it.”

“I’m not attracted to any mundane things.”

“Luo Feng continued, “However, the ancient civilizations have many different apparatus that I’m interest in. A few treasures, weird things and even the remains for some of them. I hope Jia Yi can arrange for list for me so that when the time comes I can pick the ancient civilization items that I want.”

“No problem!” Jia Yi smiled while nodding his head.

When the ancient ruins were first discovered, the countries had acquired many treasures. However compared to the Mu Ya crystals, they were far less important.

“However that list, with images and video will take two to three days to complete.” Jia Yi said.

“Then we’ll talk again then.” Luo Feng laughed.

“Ok, I’ll personally go to Yang Zhou then to talk to you.” Jia Yi smiled and nodded.

……

Right now on earth, Babata had already prepared training methods for Luo Feng! The only things that could truly catch Luo Feng’s attention were the ancient civilization items. Be it Luo Feng or Babata, they could only hope to be able to gather enough remains to build a small spaceship.

When the news of Wang Xing An’s sentence of death reached Luo Feng that day, his new cousin Yong Qing was extremely happy, she had finally left that nightmare behind. She had always thought Xing An was a god beyond rules, and that she’d be trapped in that nightmare forever.

The Tang family were very happy.

As Luo Hong Guo had been separated from them for over 40 years before meeting up again, they decided to stay for a few days to keep his aunt company. Luo Feng and his family temporarily stayed at a peaceful villa prepared by the military.

……

Nightfall.

It was snowing heavily, yet the villa was filled with warmth.

2nd story, training room.

Luo Feng sat cross-legged.

Luo Feng, I will transmit your thoughts straight into the virtual space I have built for you.” Babata’s voice sounded in his head, “At the same time, I will have security defense raised for the surrounding 1000m, you can focus within the space.”

In the virtual space.

There was an enormous mountain reaching the clouds. Dressed in white, Luo Feng suddenly appeared on it.

“Hm?” Luo Feng surveyed his surroundings.

The mountain was so deep he couldn’t see the bottom, all he could see were the clouds and sky…he actually even saw a huge planet! It almost took up 1/3 of the sky.

“Shocked?” With two horns, red pupils and dressed in black, Babata floated beside him, “The universe is mysterious beyond belief, two planets this close, or one of them being especially big will result in this phenomenon.”

Luo Feng nodded gently.

“Today!”

“You will officially accept the teachings of the master!” Babata lifted his head, face full of confidence, “First you have to understand, to build a skyscraper, one’s foundations must be solid and steady! This is also why you have to spend 50 years in the star traveller level to build your basics!”

“If you do not care about anything else, and train as crazily as stuffing ducks, within three years, I can help you get to the star level. However the price would be you’d forever be stuck and unable to reach the universe level!” Babata said.

Luo Feng listened carefully.

“To become a domain lord, and a sector lord! You have to treat each step seriously!”

Babata waved his little hand!

Crash!

A blood red castle appeared suddenly behind him.

“Follow me.” Babata flew towards the castle.

Luo Feng ran behind him.

Rumble!

The castle doors opened.

“Master!”

Eighteen tall stone statues that were 8m tall stood by the castle door entrance respectfully greeted.

Babata shook his head, “These eighteen iron towers, used to follow the master, they are extremely loyal. However when Yun Mo Planet was destroyed, they too lost their lives. I’m only emulating them now. Within this castle, I’ve simulated eighteen iron towers and thirty six concubines.”

Following Babata, he saw a wide bevy of beautiful women from different ethnicities along the way. It wasn’t long before they reached a large room on the 2nd level of the castle.

“This is your training room!”

“Look!”

Babata pointed to the four walls of the training room, shua! Immediately, the four walls were covered by bookshelves. “And right here, I’ve already prepared for your star traveller level, star level, universe level, domain lord level, sector lord level books to study.” Saying that, the shelves began to fill themselves with books.

The entire training room was filled with over 10 thousand books.

“You are currently in the star traveller level!”

“That’s why, these two shelves of books, you have to study them.” Babata pointed to the top two levels of a particular bookshelf. “The top level is for training as a fighter. A strong spirit reader also requires a strong body. Your powers, body strength all require training.”

“Your body is currently at the student level 9, consciousness also at its peak, to break through to the star traveller level 1 body would be easy.”

“The 2nd level is for the spirit reader side, even more important! It’s mainly broken into the sections of , and , every one of them is profound and deep.” Babata said, “Master’s teachings are unique and special even in the universe.”

“The master’s fighter training structure demands are very high, the spirit reader side is even more demanding!”

“The master had nine undying underlings!”

“These nine undying beings, had actually had their souls permeated by mysterious powers long ago, they were controlled by their souls, these nine undying underlings! These nine had all their knowledge and memories, the only thing was that they’d be 100% loyal to the end to the master! When they were being controlled, one of them was at the universe level, six were domain lords and two were sector lords!”

“As the master’s powers rose, they were gradually training and rising too!

“Master’s mysterious methods, allowed the underlings to have self-awareness and the ability to train.” Babata proudly spoke, “And these underlings would never hesitate in their loyalty, once the master died, they would die along with him. The five undying beings in the Yun Mo spaceship died because their master died”

Babata looked at Luo Feng, “Of course, master’s teachings are extremely difficult to learn.”

“That’s why before he died, he created an inheritance soul print, when I first interacted with you awhile ago, I had already imprinted it into your body.” Babata said, “It will subtly, permeate into your soul without any trace. I estimate, in about three hours, it will be fully complete.”


Chapter 229: Secret Technique

Luo Feng looked at Babata, shocked.

Soul imprint? He didn’t feel anything at all!

“Why are you so shocked!” Babata waved his hand. A chair appeared beside him, Babata lay on it, swaying on it contently, as though rocking a baby’s cradle, “The master was an undying being, if the soul imprint he created cannot permeate your soul without a sound and without you actually noticing it…how can he still be called an undying? With master’s level of soul imprinting, even sector lords would not notice a thing, much less a star traveller punk like you.”

Luo Feng was helpless.

Facing the teacher that had prepared everything before he died, Luo Feng had no resistance ability at all!

“Luo Feng!”

Babata crossed his little leg, waved his hand and a common apple from earth appeared. He began gnawing at it, “From today on, whenever you enter this virtual space, your main motive is to train and study! And today, we will determine which path you will take!”

“You should know, no matter what you do, it’s always good to have a plan, before taking one step at a time, this is the only way you can go far. Without a target or plan, blindly training will only waste time.” Babata said, “I can give you suggestions, but I cannot make decisions for you!”

Luo Feng nodded: “I understand, what suggestions do you have?”

“One, you must recognize the importance of fighter training, you cannot neglect it!”

“Two, the manuals, , are both basics, you have to completely master them. And the manual is a treasure of the Yun Mo Planet legacy, as one of us, these are treasured secrets, you definitely have to learn them! Whichever path you take later on, be it a controller or an illusionist, you pick for yourself!”

“Three, take out some time for me to teach you the common language of the universe.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh.

Out of Babata’s three suggestions, number one and three were things he definitely had to do, the 2nd point was a choice he had to make down the line.

“Common language of the universe? Luo Feng just opened his mouth to speak, “Don’t we have translating devices?”

Even earth has translating devices, why would the universe not? Why should one have to waste effort and time to learn another language? Honestly speaking, Luo Feng has never liked learning languages. Back in school before, he studied 12 years of English as a second language and could roughly understand everything. He could roughly speak it too.

However, compared to the other students, foreign language was Luo Feng’s weak point.

It was lucky the College Entrance exams didn’t test foreign languages. However, it was still a tragedy for Luo Feng.

“You have to learn it.” Babata said, “In the vast universe, while you can use translating devices, those who do not understand the common language of the universe are instantly looked down upon! People will say that you are uncivilized, and come from a barbaric place. Whoever has position and rank can speak fluently in the common language of the universe. You are Yun Mo Planet’s representative, how can you not speak the common language of the universe?” Babata’s blood red eyes were staring so hard they looked like they were about to pop out.

“Ok, ok, I’ll learn it!” Luo Feng nodded.

“Good.”

Babata nodded his head contently.

“Babata, these fighter trainings, I’m a spirit reader, training a strong enough body is sufficient. Everything else…I’ll just do the minimum. I don’t need the rest.” Luo Feng said.

“Your foresight is too lacking!” Babata was so angry he threw the remaining half of his apple to the ground.

“Let me tell you!”

Babata explained seriously, “The main two divisions in the universe are the fighters and the spirit readers! Both have their pros and cons, the spirit readers however have more diverse and weird methods. For fighters to evolve and breakthrough, they must focus on spirit and willpower. For spirit readers to evolve and breakthrough, they must also realize the importance of body and genetic energy.”

“You will not be able to see it now!”

“However, the universe level, especially the domain lord, sector lord, be it spirit, willpower, energy, body, all have very high demands!” Babata said, “For a wooden pail to be able to store more water, it has to rely on its shortest board! That’s why; fighter’s training should never take a backseat. Your training on the fighter’s side currently is too weak, too weak, and only capable to using 3.5 of your body’s strength? Blade technique and body technique are all at the basic level?”

Luo Feng interrupted: “My blade skills are at the expert level and my body technique is at the perfect level”

“That’s how you call them on earth!”

Babata couldn’t help but raise his head, “According to the universe levels, your blade technique and body technique are all at the basic level, belonging to the lowest level of all. Your multiplier is at 3.5? It’s just pitiful. In the Yun Mo Planet, the student level 9 are capable of a multiplier of 10!”

“10?” Luo Feng was shocked.

This was higher than even Thunder God!

“And your earth’s training methods have so many problems!” Babata said, “For example, with a brute force of 1 million kg, multiplier of 3 times, your attacking strength is only 3 million, your speed also increases a lot! So why can’t your defensive capabilities also increase?”

Luo Feng’s eyebrows creased.

Attacking power along with speed multiplies, defense…Earth’s fighters were all researching, only their defense hasn’t been able to multiply.

“A fighter’s training, you can study on your own, if you don’t understand something, just ask me,” Babata waved his hand, a gorgeous glass table immediately appeared in front of Luo Feng, the table had six chairs beside it, the books that were all for his star traveller level training immediately began flying over, landing on the table.”

“Slowly study all these”

Babata waved his hand again, the books pertaining to spirit reader training all flew over.

“Your main focus should be these!”

“Especially the mixed manual!” Babata said, “You need to study this book especially well, the mixed manuals…every book has a golden cover. Very eye-catching.”

Luo Feng surveyed the books.

Within that pile, over 10 of them had golden covers, the rest had black covers.

Randomly picking up one of the golden covered books, ! The top of the book had two very unnoticeable words, ‘Mixed manual.’

Taking up another golden covered book, ! It too had the words ‘Mixed Manual’ by the side.

The 3rd book

The 4th book

The 5th book…

……

“Every book is expansive and in depth, like the , the only reason the master could control nine great undying underlings was because of this secret technique . The ‘inheritance imprint’ left for you was also based off of this technique. It is a very mysterious power, what you have in your hand is only the basics. Once you learn it, I’ll pass second volume of to you.” Babata said.

“These are Yun Mo Planet’s unique and special secrets, not to be passed to outsiders.” Babata proudly said.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but pick up the book .

This is a treasure!

To be able to control underlings, along with allowing them to have self awareness and training, it was truly impressive!

“ is another secret technique for soul defense from Yun Mo Planet. From the disciples master had before, only one managed to acquire the teachings from him. When master was alive, it was hard for even one of the disciples to get the chance to learn, and the skills wouldn’t be passed down completely. You are very lucky, every skill is there for you, and they are all complete!” Babata said.

Luo Feng was extremely happy.

Teaching a capable student meant less jobs for oneself, when the master was alive, it was hard to get even one secret. But since the master knew he was going to die, he of course had to leave behind all of his secret manuals.

……

Treasure trove!

This was the true treasure trove!

While and was important, the other undying beings all learnt it too. however was a compilation of secret skills, be it defense, attack, technique, techniques that required risking one’s life or controlling underlings…these were all extremely mysterious and special! To attain such skills in the universe required a huge amount of luck or treasures to exchange with.

Luo Feng? He managed to get all of them in one go!

From the star level to the domain lord, the teachings from the Yun Mo Planet were all complete.

……

He stayed in the virtual space, studying the books for awhile.

“Hm?” Luo Feng felt a piercing pain.

Within the training room, he felt his body start to grow numb and blur, before disappearing altogether from the virtual training room.

“Oh, three hours are up, the merging has reached its last step.” Babata laughed.

Tian Jin city, within the second level of the temporary villa’s training room. It was snowing heavily outside. Luo Feng’s mind had just undergone an amazing and shocking change.

In his consciousness.

In his vast consciousness, there was a miniature planet, one that was emitting light rays, this little planet was formed from several crystal pyramids closely packed together! It was a perfect structure, the whole planet was giving out a formless mysterious wave.

The core of the mini planet!

A prismatic blood red crystal lay at the core of the miniature planet! Formless blood red threads revolved around this crystal body as it’s core, covering the entire miniature planet!

“Chi chi…”

Countless blood red threads continuously revolved and threaded through the mini planet.

Piercing pain, that was the soul trembling!

The miniature planet began to change colors at a speed which one could witness with his naked eye…from the semi transparent state before to gradually changing to pink, light red, slowly soaking through till the planet became very red, until it finally changed to the same blood red as the crystal body at its core.

As the planet changed, it seemed to have shrunk by a size.

“Hu, it’s so comfortable.” Luo Feng was extremely relaxed.

“Luo Feng, congratulations on passing the hardest hurdle! Normal spirit readers are unable to accept Yun Mo Planet’s secret techniques, they have to first change their psychic powers. Before, the disciples had to train by themselves for a long time. You, however, with the help of the master, have passed it.” Babata was extremely happy and pleased.

“Babata, my spirit’s core, that blood red crystal hasn’t fully disappeared, what’s going on?” Luo Feng asked.

“That’s the soul imprint! The master thought that the newer disciples would be stronger, however you are only a star traveller level 1, the soul imprint has yet to fully be absorbed. Even so, the transformation completed successfully!” Babata said, “Right now, you are already accepted! However, you are only a student level fighter level 9, so…let’s not waste time and step into the star traveller level fighter first.”

Luo Feng was gleeful.

He was a star traveller level 1 spirit reader, but only a wargod level fighter.

“Your willpower and spirit are definitely enough, your body has also reached the peak of the student level 9 stage, it’ll be really easy. A few breathing exercises and it’ll happen.” Babata said.


Chapter 230: Luo Feng’s Special Ability

Luo Feng has met all the conditions and can breakthrough to the ‘star traveller level one stage fighter’ level. However, Babata still taught Luo Feng nine consecutive movements, which were kind of like the Dao Yin technique.

“Breathe!”

After performing the first movement, Luo Feng felt his entire body heat up. After he performed each of the movements, every cell in his entire body seemed to be boiling. The genetic energy in each cell that hasn’t been absorbed yet started gathering together like droplets of water. These droplets formed a stream of water, and then a creek, a river…..

Heat emanated from his entire body and continuously gathered. It finally gathered in the dan tian* in Luo Feng’s abdomen.

“BOOM!”

Spirit readers and fighters have one big difference: the essence of a spirit reader is the ‘realm of consciousness’ in the head, while the essence of a fighter is the ‘dan tian’ in the abdomen.

In the dan tian.

As if a new land was being born, the dan tian that didn’t even exist before instantly opened! The spinning genetic energy started spinning even faster. It expanded and contracted constantly. Every time it contracted,it became even smaller! Luo Feng felt like his consciousness was trembling and his body was shaking!

He succeeded!

In his vast dan tian, a miniature planet appeared! Unlike the transparent ‘miniature planet’ that was born in his realm of consciousness, the miniature planet in his dan tian was the color of gold! The entire golden miniature planet was actually six large golden crystals combined as one!

This golden miniature planet continued to rotate and, at the same time, gave off an odd vibration!

“Genetic energy!”

With a thought from Luo Feng, a sliver of golden genetic energy instantly charged out of the dan tian and flowed through his entire body.

“Crack~~”

“Crack~”

In an instant, all the bones, bone marrow, skin, veins, organs, etc. in Luo Feng’s body began to undergo a transformation. This transformation was even more dramatic than the time when his spiritual force stepped into the star traveller level! Luo Feng felt like his bones were being smashed into pieces and then being gathered together again!

“Let me see what your special ability is.” Babata laughed weirdly.

“Don’t be nervous, genetic energy is the most suitable thing for changing your body. It can change your body’s ability amplifier, which is way better than the change resulting from spiritual force”

“Oh? Hehe…..”

“It’s actually diamond body!”

“Haha, Luo Feng, you’re pretty lucky!” Babata was extremely happy.

And the body transformation process was still undergoing.

Luo Feng’s body was dramatically becoming more and more powerful. His transformation process was even more dramatic than a normal fighter stepping into the star traveller level! For example, even though the body of ‘Li Yao’ also underwent a transformation, it wasn’t even near the level of transformation that Luo Feng’s body was undergoing. And out of all the things that are transforming, the most dramatic change was occurring in his ‘bones’!

Luo Feng’s bones were giving off a ‘CRACK CRACK CRACK’ sound, as if they were being forged by a hammer. The sound even went out of Luo Feng’s body. If someone came to the training room on the second floor at this time, they could probably slightly hear the ‘crack crack crack’ sound of the bones as they transformed.

“Babata, you said ‘diamond body’. What’s that?” asked Luo Feng.

“During the student level, spirit readers have an extremely large advantage!” said Babata, “however, once stepping into the star traveller stage, fighters also have their own methods! Their methods are their special abilities. Different star traveller fighters have different special abilities. Some of them might have the special ability of ‘fire’ while some of them might have the special ability of ‘light’…..”

“This is just the basic way you earthlings say it”

“In the universe, the various special abilities are mainly categorized into eight main categories– metal, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, lightning, and light. Yours is the slightly rare ‘diamond body’ in the ‘metal category’” said Babata.

Luo Feng became confused as he heard this.

“Simply put, it’s because of differences in the soul and body”

“The way your bodies absorb cosmic energy is actually different. So of course, the resulting genetic energy is also different!” said Babata, “Genetic energy is mainly split into the categories of metal, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, lightning, and light. And your special abilities come from your genetic energy!”

“Special abilities are also split into the eight main categories, but each main category can be further split into several subcategories!”

“For example, the category of ‘fire’ has subcategories of ‘human torch’, ‘flame of refinement’, etc. Even in the subcategory of ‘flame of refinement’, the flames that different people at the star traveller level one stage possess vary in temperature.

…..

Luo Feng finally understood what was going on. Truthfully, no one main category is better than the other. Every main category contains extremely powerful special abilities, and every category also contains extremely weak special abilities.

And Luo Feng’s special ability is ‘diamond body’ under the main category of ‘metal’.

The training room on the second floor in the villa.

“I’ll wash off” after his transformation finished, Luo Feng entered the bathroom and lay in the bath. Snow flew around outside of the bathroom’s window.

As he lay in the bathtub, Luo Feng’s consciousness communicated with Babata.

“Diamond body. This means that your bones and muscles will be more powerful than other fighters of the same level! This is quite a rare ability. If your bones and muscles strengthen, you’ll be able to explode with more power! Your attacks will become more powerful too” said Babata, “This means your attacks, speed, and defense will all increase, especially your defense. Once your genetic energy merges onto the surface of your skin, your defense will be extremely amazing!”

“So ‘diamond body’ is quite a rare ability”

“The most common special ability under the category of metal is ‘sharpness’! Which gives your attacks more piercing power!” said Babata.

Luo Feng slightly nodded.

Luo Feng was quite satisfied with his special ability ‘diamond body’. This means that, on the same level, his body will be more powerful than others! And his defense will be amazing!

“Diamond body!” with a thought from Luo Feng, genetic energy immediately merged onto the surface of Luo Feng’s skin. Luo Feng could even clearly see his skin shine with a metallic light. HUALA! Luo Feng walked out of the bathtub and stood in front of the mirror. This mirror had a function to remove fog.

The Luo Feng shown in the mirror was like a god of war!

You could feel the immense power just by looking at that body with a slight metallic shine on it.

…..

It was already the third day at Tianjin city.

Places like the lawn in the small sector were covered in snow. After Luo Feng and his family ate lunch with his great aunt’s family, all of them walked on the street of the sector.

“Yong Qing and Yong Yuan were only able to come back by taking some time off from the research center. After a bit, they’ll have to rush back. The rules at the research center are strict” Tang Cheng walked with his cousin Luo Hong Guo side by side. Both of them experienced the Grand Nirvana period when they were kids.

“Work is important.” smiled Luo Hong Guo as he nodded.

“Thanks a lot for back then. Otherwise, that Wang Xing An would definitely cause our family to…..” Tang Cheng couldn’t help but to shake his head.

“It’s all in the past.” said Luo Hong Guo.

“Maybe it’s nothing much for your family’s Luo Feng, but for our family, this is a great blessing. Yong Qing, Yong Yuan, how can you two be so shy. Hurry up and go thank your cousin!” yelled Tang Cheng. After hearing this, Tang Yong Qing and Tang Yong Yuan turned their heads towards Luo Feng.

“Cousin, thank you” Tang Yong Qing was a bit nervous beside Luo Feng.

Indeed…..

Not only Tang Yong Qing, the entire Tang family couldn’t help but to be a bit nervous after knowing Luo Feng’s identity! There’s no helping it. If your relative turned out to be the president of a powerful country and was standing beside you, could you talk casually without any nervousness at all? This isn’t something that a normal person can do.

“Thank you, cousin.” said Tang Yong Yuan.

“It was nothing much. When you two have time, you can visit our home at Jiang Nan headquarter city’s Yang Zhou city.” smiled Luo Feng.

As they walked on the road of the sector.

Luo Feng’s cell phone suddenly vibrated.

Luo Feng picked up his cell phone and walked to the side. The phone’s display showed that the call was from Jia Yi.

“Hello” Luo Feng’s face let out a smile. The treasures from the archaeological ruin are here.

“Luo Feng, it’s Jia Yi” Jia Yi’s voice was filled with power, “Regarding the various items from the archaeological ruins, we’ve prepared the list. Are you at Tianjin city? I’ll be right there. There’s no problem right?”

“No problem”

Luo Feng smiled, “Actually, madam Isadora from the HR alliance contacted me yesterday, but, I’m still going to exchange with you first!”. This was actually the truth, since the HR alliance also prepared their list. However, Luo Feng still prepared to purchase the goods from his own country first. When he goes to Isadora later, there’ll be no need to buy an object he already has.

“Haha, thanks a bunch” Jia Yi laughed loudly, “I’ll be there in 15 minutes”

“Okay”

Luo Feng hung up.

…..

After Luo Feng and his family sent off their relatives, his parents and his brother went to visit his great aunt in the hospital. Luo Feng stayed at home.

Villa’s second floor, reading room.

“Turn on this notebook and then enter the password. After that, accept the download.” Jia Yi stood to the side while holding some data storage device.

“The password worked, I’m ready.” Luo Feng sat in front of the notebook.

“BEEP!”

After Jia Yi pressed the button, large amounts of information swiftly flowed into Luo Feng’s notebook. In just a few seconds, the data transfer was complete.

“Jia Yi, you can sit and drink some tea first. I have to take a good look.” smiled Luo Feng.

“Alright, no rush”

Jia Yi sat on the side and held his tea cup. In his heart, he was hoping that this Luo Feng would pick a few more items from the archaeological ruin, since even one extra Mu Ya crystal makes a huge difference.

Luo Feng started looking carefully in front of the notebook.

Each of the special items from the archaeological ruin had photos beside them. Some of them had special functions that were even shown through a video. Their uses and prices were all explained.

“Babata” Luo Feng pretended to look at the data but said in his heart, “Did you receive the data?”

Even though Babata was a living AI that could read various information via the internet, every country stores their confidential data offline because of the ‘archaeological ruins’! The data never gets on the internet and any action of connecting them to the internet is forbidden.

Because of all these safety precautions, Babata wasn’t able to read some of the confidential information.

And now…… this notebook has already been connected with Babata.

“Received it!” responded Babata.

“Alright, take a careful look and see which ones are useful.” Luo Feng pushed all the work to Babata. As for him, he had to pretend to look through all of the various items from the archaeological ruin.


TL note: The ‘dan tian’ is the region where qi gathers in Chinese qigong.

And I know diamond isn’t a metal but that’s just the name of the ability.


Chapter 231: Upgrade

“Luo Feng, I’ve chosen whatever we need to buy from the list. I’ll send it over to your notebook immediately.”

It took a total of about one second for Babata to come up with an answer.

“So fast!” Luo Feng was shocked.

“I am but the highest degree of AIs, a Living AI! My processing speed is of course fast.” Babata’s voice in Luo Feng’s head was all but modest.

In the study.

Luo Feng lifted his head to look at Jia Yi, Jia Yi, who was lifting his cup of tea realized his gaze and laughed: “No worries! There’s quite a lot of information to sift through, it should take about three to four hours. Luo Feng, take your time!” As he said that, walked over to the nearby bookshelf to retrieve a book and began reading.

Luo Feng could only force a laugh.

Three to four hours?

A normal person would take a long time to go through the data, however, filtering through crucial data and making the choice were all done by the Living AI Babata! One second was more than enough to finish.

“If I tell him I’ve already finished, he would think I’m a monster.”

“I just have to wait a couple of hours.” Luo Feng moved the mouse, opening the file sent by Babata.

The file opened.

It was a detailed list of items to purchase.

“So many?” Luo Feng was shocked.

The amount of ancient civilization items on the purchase list was extremely huge, so huge that 10 large passenger ships couldn’t possibly transport it all.

“Babata, we are exchanging for so many things?” Luo Feng asked.

“Is it a lot? It’s not much at all.” Babata said, “What are we trying to do? We are trying to build a spaceship! Under such impoverished conditions, to build a ship able to cruise in the universe, one that’s able to travel from galaxy to galaxy! Just the materials needed for the ship’s body requires a lot! Earth’s natural alloys are hardly suitable for such a ship, we can only rely on such remains!”

Luo Feng suddenly understood.

For a ship to be able to fly in the universe, it had to be very heavy. It would definitely require a lot of materials.

“Those remains and materials are not worth it. One Mu Ya crystal can exchange for countless materials in the universe.” Babata wasn’t fully satisfied.

“That’s in the universe! Earth is different.”

……

Three hours later.

“Jia Yi, I’ve made my choices.” Luo Feng passed the digital notebook over, facing the screen to Jia Yi, “This is the exchange list.”

“Oh that was fast.”

Jia Yi smiled as he moved his chair closer to the desk. He began to carefully scan through the exchange list, getting a big shock as he finally went through it; “Luo Feng, why are you buying all these ship remains? These ancient ship remains have been broken for years, they’ve also been separated by the different countries taking them away, the ship remains that we have, many of them have been disassembled, you want them?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“1, 2, 3…”

Jia Yi looked at the list, he was indeed very shocked.

He initially thought Luo Feng was going to buy some special apparatus, but he realized…none of the apparatuses were bought at all! Luo Feng only went for the many different kinds of ship remains, or pieces! Some of the pieces were of extremely hard material, not something earth’s tools had the capability of cutting open.

The ship remains themselves, only a few could be dissected too.

“Your order is huge, this particular ship remain weighs more than 800 tons!” Jia Yi looked at Luo Feng, “In fact, it’s price is unknown, as a material for machinery and the fact that we’ve been unable to damage it! It’s stronger than our SS grade materials by far. So the price for it…”

“Jia Yi, they are nothing but remains, don’t be too brutal.” Luo Feng laughed. “, No one on earth knows how to deal with these remains. Since they are unusable, they are as good as worthless. Actually, I’m pretty sure the HR Alliance and the other countries have some remains too.”

Jia Yi’s eyebrows arched up.

Indeed!

Ancient ship remains were abundant in the different countries! Like Hong from the Dojo of Limits, the whole headquarters was a large interstellar transport ship. To say it was precious…these ship materials were indeed unique and priceless! However, they were worthless too as man has been unable to cut or use these materials, and unusable materials are as good as worthless.

“The remains and parts all added up come to more than 5000 tons!” Jia Yi looked at Luo Feng, “even if they are just remains and worthless, these amount of weight and so many ancient remains, how about this, three Mu Ya crystals!”

Luo Feng remained silent.

Babata raged angrily in his head: “5000 tons of rubbish! They don’t mean anything, one of earth’s aircraft carriers alone weight a few ten thousand tons! A small universe ship that weighs a few ten thousand tons is very normal. One Mu Ya crystal, in the universe, can easily exchange for ten small space ships. To exchange for rubbish, even if it was 100 million tons doesn’t mean anything, for three whole crystals!!! He must really think the crystals are like vegetables!”

“That’s too expensive.”

Luo Feng shook his head.

“5,000 tons of ancient materials.” Jia Yi said.

“Our Dojo’s headquarters, how heavy do you think that large space ship is?” Luo Feng looked at Jia Yi, “That is a spaceship that’s longer than 10 thousand meters!”

One interstellar transport ship, more than 10 thousand meters long.

If one was to weigh it, it would definitely be more than 100 million tons.

“Does that mean that that ship would be worth tens of thousands of crystals?” Luo Feng looked at Jia Yi.

“It’s not a good comparison.”

Jia Yi said, “That’s your Dojo of Limits headquarters! In addition, it’s not even possible to cut open that huge ship.”

“Alright, how about two crystals.” Luo Feng said.

“Luo Feng, are you stupid!!! Two crystals? I find even one is too many!” Babata was shouting in his mind.

“Two crystals?” Jia Yi stared, before nodding his head, “Alright, I’ll show you some respect, two crystals it is! I’ll arrange for my men to transport the remains that weigh more than 5000 tons to Yang Zhou.” Jia Yi was extremely happy.

These remains had been lying dormant, unable to be used. They were worthless just sitting there. To be able to exchange them for two Mu Ya crystals was a good deal! He initially thought that just getting one crystal would be pretty good already.

“Luo Feng, where shall I leave these materials?” Jia Yi asked.

“In the wilderness outside Yang Zhou City, I’ll designate a destroyed factory somewhere in the wilderness as a large warehouse, you can put it there.” Luo Feng smiled.

……

Once the negotiations were complete and both parties had signed on the agreement, Luo Feng gave one crystal as a deposit.

“Luo Feng, you’ve become stupid, two crystals to exchange for 5,000 over tons of rubbish? I can bet that even with one crystal, Jia Yi would have agreed.” Babata was extremely unsatisfied.

“In this time and era, when the countries and monsters battle, there’ll be much losses. By giving one more, I’ll be supporting my country.” Luo Feng said.

Babata was speechless!

The 2nd day, Luo Feng sat alone in his intelligent battleship to go visit Lady Isadora.

From Isadora’s side, he bought over 9,000 tons of remains and materials. However this time, he only used 1 crystal! This exchange was easy, the transportation was however very difficult! It was lucky that the HR Alliance had a lot of remains and materials in China itself, transporting by train was possible.

……

The business was done, the goods however would require one to two months to arrive.

Jiang Nan base Yang Zhou city, Ming Yue district.

Luo Feng’s house 2nd story training room. It had already been separated into two sections, one for training and the other was sectioned to put the ancient gravity device! The device’s length was six meters, its height too was six meters! It punctured the ceiling, as such…to install it, Luo Feng’s villa had to be remodeled.

2059 January 13th.

Luo Feng’s house, within the gravity room.

“1–1000 times gravity? Luo Feng took his first step into the gravity room.

“This has been remodeled? It’s terrible!” Babata scolded, “This is afterall a universe basic level gravity room model, its specifications should go from 0-1000 universe gravity force, damn…take a look, it has been remodeled to power with earth’s electricity! Using electricity to power this gravity room? I don’t know whether you guys are smart or stupid.”

“What’s wrong?” Luo Feng asked, “You said, universe gravity force?

“In the universe, the unit for gravity is 8.89 times of earth’s! Meaning to say, one unit of the universe’s standard gravity is 8.89g! This particular gravity room, was meant to go from 0–8890g of gravity force, now it’s only going from 1—1000g!” Babata continues, “I can’t blame this on you earthlings. You people don’t have the proper power for it, to be able to use electricity is not bad.”

Luo Feng nodded.

When earth discovered the ancient civilizations, they found mostly nothing but remains. From within they found this gravity room. Without the proper power, they had no choice but to remodel it to use electricity. This was already considered a success.

“Leave it to me!”

“I’ll upgrade the gravity room to surpass its old self, before using a C12 power crystal. This is considered an excellent power source that even the higher civilizations would only get to use sometimes. I deduce that I can push it to 0-90,000 times earth’s gravity force. That’s probably the limit. Any more and the gravity room itself won’t be able to take it.” Babata said, “No choice, it’s like the cars on earth, if its basic materials are that way, if it moves too fast, it’ll just spoil! If I try to further upgrade the circuit power of this gravity room and raise its power capabilities, it’ll probably crumble.”

Luo Feng wiped his forehead: “It’s enough, it’s enough.

Its highest point was 90 thousand times earth’s gravity!

It was unbelievable!

However when he thought about the scene he witnessed, two universe level fighters battling on the white dwarf planet, Luo Feng calmed down. That scene alone, that white dwarf planet, that was 300 million times earth’s gravity!!!

90 thousand times compared to 300 million times, it wasn’t even worth mentioning!

However, to his current self, it was more than enough!

……

Under Babata’s work and his intelligent control over tools, it only took one night’s work for the ancient gravity room to be completely remodeled!

“From today, Luo feng, you will train in here everyday!”

“Fighter’s training, in the gravity room. Spirit Reader’s training, also in there! For someone like you whose basics aren’t solid enough, the effects will be very beneficial.”

“Oh, even though you might be a star traveller level 1, your muscles and bones are able to handle a greater amount of gravity. Your heart, liver and other internal organs however are weaker, this is due to your basics not being solid, your internal and external are not equal. So, you’ll start from 100 times earth’s gravity. This’ll help your internal organs grow stronger quickly.”

Under Babata’s orders, Luo Feng began to work on his foundations within the gravity room. The days of his training had just begun.


Chapter 232: A Year of Growth

Within the next few days, the HR Alliance swiftly delivered the ancient civilization spaceship remains over, a few unique broken pieces were sent about a 100km outside Yang Zhou city. They were all stored in a huge warehouse in the wilderness outside! Shortly after, Babata put all these materials into his own virtual storage space.

Luo Feng had the storage ring! However, Babata himself had his own storage space.

The storage space could only hold non-living items, bodies etc. Babata’s storage space was obviously much bigger! He could even fit all the materials, including tools and actually begin to build a ship within the space!

AI, machinery, power source etc, these are all non-living, hence began the construction of the spaceship within the spatial storage!

“Babata, just how big is your storage space?” Luo Feng asked, “Before, you actually kept the Yun Mo Planet ship in it, my ring can’t even store that ship! Now, you’ve actually stored the whole warehouse and begun building the ship! Just how much space is there?” Luo Feng was extremely curious of his private hoard.

“Bigger than yours.” Babata was frank and direct.

“How long would it take to finish building the ship?” Luo Feng asked.

“Five or six years!” Babata said.

“My god, five or six years? Aren’t you an amazing AI, why would it take so long?”

Babata was unsatisfied, “We are building a ship to travel in the universe! Not a spaceship model! Also, to build the ship requires many very specific tools, I don’t even have the tools and I’m working under such conditions, building from scratch! On earth, how long would it take to build an aircraft carrier? The thing I’m building is tens of millions of times harder and more complicated, five or six years is considered very fast!”

“Alright, I’m in no rush.” Luo Feng didn’t push it anymore.

“Right, having my help to build it is a blessing. Otherwise, with earth’s technology, be it a 100 years or 1,000 years, you’d only be able to just enter space. To travel the milky way would require 100 thousand light years! To travel interstellar, earth wouldn’t be able to construct a ship like that in 1,000 years.” Babata was very proud.

Luo Feng’s knowledge was limited in that sense, he definitely didn’t know what went into building such a space ship for universal travel, just how many obstacles were involved in the building process!

This was a real spaceship, not a model.

Five or six years for it to be completed was already unbelievably fast.

As the pinnacle of all AIs, Babata was able to easily build a basic AI support to help build the ship. All these while watching over Luo Feng’s training!

“Don’t get complacent, all star traveller’s level 1 muscles and bones are able to withstand 1,000 times earth’s gravity! It’s only because of your internal organs being weaker, that’s why you have to start at 100 times only. Using 28 days to get used to 1000 times normal gravity is nothing to be proud of!”

Babata’s roar resounded within Luo Feng’s mind.

Within the gravity room.

With nothing on but his underpants, Luo Feng stood barefoot in the gravity room, his body riddled with sweat, with the occasional drip of sweat falling to the ground! The screen beside displayed the numbers, 1088g!

Exceeding more than 1,000 times normal gravity, the force worked on Luo Feng’s entire body, every muscle and every cell. These 28 days of getting used to it maximized his strength and training as a star traveller warrior. Everytime he trained, he used a Mu Ya Crystal and this enabled his internal organs to improve at an extreme rate!

“Alright, it’s almost time. Absorb a Mu Ya crystal.” Babata said.

Luo Feng immediately sat crossed legged, a crystal appeared his hand. Its fragrant smell naturally caused one to drool, under the gene’s induction, energy began to permeate his body swiftly. The Mu Ya crystal’s energy was different from genetic energy, the crystal’s energy was extremely pure! Its nature was extremely higher!

Moreover, it was filled with vitality! Filled with spirituality!

Once it had permeated Luo Feng’s body, his body began grow almost like a little plant that had been watered, evolving at an incredible speed!

At the same time!

His consciousness entered the virtual space. Under Babata’s teachings, when a person’s consciousness enters the space, the body still has its own unconscious mind, with special training, even when his consciousness entered the virtual space, his body unconsciously worked on one thing, absorbing the Mu Ya crystal!

……

“Let’s begin the fighter’s training, martial arts first, begin!”

Beginning his martial arts training within the virtual space, in that space, Luo Feng’s body essence maintained his initial wargod level, just like back when he was in the training camp in the virtual space.

……

Five months later.

Dusk.

In his underwear, Luo Feng walked into the gravity room, closing it behind him.

“Babata, let’s work on Control today. Help me scan, check out my condition.” Luo Feng said.

“Taking the initiative? Looks like someone is very confident.” Babata laughed weirdly.

Luo Feng laughed.

He started by pressing the buttons at the side, keying in 1910, the gravity force in the room immediately raised swiftly. There was a low hum in the room, at the same time, a scary amount of gravity began working on Luo Feng’s body, he couldn’t help but sink initially, knees slightly bent, before standing back straight up.

“Phew.” Luo Feng took a deep breath.

“It’s begun.” Luo Feng used a little strength to lift his right hand, it in he grasped the hybrid copper essence shard, this shard, on earth weighed more than a ton, and in the gravity room with 1910 times earth’s gravity, weighed more than 2000 tons! A wargod wouldn’t be able to even lift it.

Even Luo Feng had to use quite a bit of effort.

Luckily the gravity force only worked within the room. If the gravity force was 5 tons, then no matter how strong the force was within the room, it didn’t affect whatever happened outside! Even if the gravity force went up to 10,000 times normal gravity, the pressure it exerted outside remained unchanged. Maintaining the magnetic field of the gravity force was done by the power source.

“Begin.” Babata said.

“1st move!”

Luo Feng used a thread of spirit energy to begin moving the shard.

“2nd move!” Luo Feng used more spirit energy to move the shard.

“3rd move! 4th move!” …

The blade shard began floating up.

“10th move! Luo Feng continued to apply more spirit energy.

Before his induction into Yun Mo Planet’s training, he could control 18 threads of spirit energy, however he used these 18 threads to control 18 independent items. He had no way to unite these 18 forms of energy together. They worked independently. Combining them would mean they affected each other’s attacking power.

Also, the way Luo Feng’s initial spirit energy was used on his armor was weak. This was due to his detailed control being weak, thus his armor had little gaps and was easy to breakthrough.

Now it was entirely different!

“19th move!”

Luo Feng shouted his last move.

“Whoa, you can control 19 threads of spirit energy now, combining them without affecting their power?” Babata was shocked. “Before you could only do 18 right?”

“I’ve improved a little.” Luo Feng laughed.

“Very good. Let’s try 2000 times gravity force, controlling 19 threads of spirit energy and combining them without affecting each other. You’ve definitely made some progress on the Control side’s Concentration stage. Babata praised him, “the remaining eight basic steps of Control, Disperse, Acute, Tenacity, Flexible, Strength, Dance, Illusion, Harmony. Since you’ve made some progress in the Concentration step, let’s begin the Acute step!”

……

Five months ago, Luo Feng could only control 18 threads of spirit energy, after five months of hard training, he can do 19 now!

However, with such small progress in the first step, his battle prowess had already risen by countless increments!

Following the demands from the nine steps fromControl, once he’s made progress in all nine steps, his spirit energy could be formed into an ‘iron panel’. With more training, it could be formed into a needle to pierce enemies! Normally, when spirit energy enters a body, it would just permeate and come straight out, however after the nine steps, it would be a lot more concise and deadly!

It’s piercing ability would be incomparable!

It could be used as a weapon! However without the proper technique, it would be difficult for one person to emulate.

Year 2060 January 12th. Afternoon.

Luo Feng’s house, the 2nd level training room, within the gravity room.

Under a light yellow light.

A youth clad in full blood red body armor sat crossed legged, there was a shard revolving and dancing around him. Suddenly his eyes opened, the screen beside him displayed 3100g. Most star traveller warriors on earth would explode the moment they walked in!

Whoosh!

Without a sound or trace, the blood red armor immediately vanished into his skin, revealing a fierce body!

He stood up!

Compared to a year ago, his body was slightly skinnier, he even seemed a few centimeters shorter. However, just standing there, he emanated a power that was similar to a king level monster, a power that made people tremble!

“Spirit energy training is indeed harder than fighter’s training, I just stepped into the 3rd level star traveller level 3.”

“Luo Feng, quit being narcissistic! These trainings are considered easy at the beginning; it’ll only get harder! Look at Hong and Thunder God, as they grow, it gets harder and harder.” Babata said.

Luo Feng laughed.

Four months ago, he had already broken into the fighter star traveller level 3, however it was only today that he broke into the spirit reader level 3 star traveller.

” Right now, even with my fighter ability, I can defeat the 3rd representative!” Luo Feng was extremely confident.

His foundation couldn’t be more solid!

As a spirit reader, he was stronger than the 4th representative by countless times. As his foundations were solid, the soaring shuttle and arc cutter blade were easy to control, and Luo Feng’s trump card, the hybrid copper essence shard and the awakened Cloud contact vine, which was a blood red armor before, was more developed with vines now.

The Luo Feng now…

Whether it was internal or external, he had changed drastically! He was now worthy of being a disciple of Yun Mo Planet!

Suddenly, the phone outside the gravity room rang.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng walked out of the gravity room, picking up the phone and looking at the screen, it was Xu Xin! With Xu Xin running her own business and the base of operations being Yang Zhou city, the two often spent time together.

“Hello, Luo Feng, I’m almost there. I was just buying the ingredients.” Xu Xin’s voice sounded.

“My parents have gone on holiday, I’ve also let my housekeeper go home. Didn’t we say we were going out to eat today?” Luo Feng asked.

“I’ve just learnt some tricks from television, I’ll personally cook today for you to try. Its also my first time cooking. Oh, I’m already at the district!”

Luo Feng walked towards the window and looked out.

There she was…

A beautiful curved white car had pulled around the district, with Luo Feng’s eyesight, he could clearly see Xu Xin dressed in a white cotton dress smiling with happiness on the driver’s seat.

“Xu Xin personally cooking?” Luo Feng took a deep breath, gritting his teeth, “Even if it tastes horrible I have to finish it. I even have to put on an excited expression and praise her!”


Chapter 233: End of The World

Luo Feng quickly went into the bathroom. He went in the shower and washed himself with warm water.

Immediately after, with just a thought, a golden energy surrounded his body, evaporating the water droplets. He quickly got dressed and ran downstairs! At this time, Xu Xin had just parked her car and was walking in with her food basket.

“Wow.” Luo Feng opened the door.

“You’ve bought quite the number of ingredients.” Luo Feng was surprised when he saw the basket.

“You just wait and eat.” Xu Xin said confidently. Once she had placed the basket in the kitchen, she took out an apron from her bag and put it on.

“You come prepared.” Luo Feng laughed.

“But of course!”

Xu Xin went directly into the kitchen, closing the door behind her, beginning her battle with the pots and pans!

Luo Feng laughed and walked towards the sofa, turning on the television. It was now the winter holidays…his little brother’s girlfriend was on holiday and the two were happily on tour, enjoying their alone time. His parents had unexpectedly decided to go travel too! Suddenly, all that was left was Luo Feng.

It was lucky Xu Xin came regularly, the two had some alone time.

After about 40 minutes.

The kitchen door opened, a fresh aroma emanated out, Luo Feng picked up the smell: “Wow, it smells good, I wonder how they it tastes.”

“It’s time to eat!” Xu Xin was wearing gloves as she brought out a large soup pot and placed in on the dining table.”

Luo Feng went in to help with the rice bowls and other dishes.

“It’s complete!” Xu Xin took off her gloves, apron and sat by the side, “Three dishes and a soup, Luo Feng, try them!” Saying so, she looked with anticipation at Luo Feng, almost like a child who had finished writing her first essay and awaiting approval.

“Let me wash my hands first.” Luo Feng got up.

“Try it first.” Xu Xin pulled Luo Feng back, clearly a little impatient as she stared at him.

Luo Feng laughed: “Alright, I’ll first try this potato with fried diced meat.”

“Eh, it’s potato with shredded meat.” Xu Xin corrected Luo Feng.

“This is shredded?” Luo Feng looked surprised at the chunks of meat on the plate, Xu Xin was embarrassed as she said: “I have no experience, so my slices were not thin enough. I just chopped it up a little more.”

“Ok, as long as it tastes good.”

Luo Feng held back his laughter, using chopsticks, he took some potato along with some meat and put them in his mouth and chewed. His conditioned reflex to smile was well prepared from before, since it was his girlfriend’s first time cooking, he had to encourage her no matter how bad it was.

But…

His expression froze.

“What’s wrong?” Xu Xin was startled, surprised as she looked at him.

“Oh? It’s actually not bad!” Luo Feng said shocked as he looked at the ‘shredded meat’, picking up another piece and eating.” Wow, it’s really not bad! This taste is not far off from the restaurants, not at all. Whoever said that girls can’t cook on their first try are clearly lying.”

Xu Xin looked at Luo Feng mumbling to himself; “What are you saying!”

“Eh, It’s nothing, I’m complimenting you.” Luo Feng said.

“But of course, I’ve tried some in the kitchen, it was delicious.” Xu Xin picked a piece up and ate, “I must say I have some natural talent in cooking.”

Luo Feng wasn’t lying at all, Xu Xin’s dishes were not bad.

He secretly let out a sigh of relief…he was lucky his stomach didn’t have to suffer.

Luo Feng and Xu Xin began to eat, chatting as they ate. Xu Xin spoke frankly about her business and other matters.

“Luo Feng, the couple safety amulet you gave me, I’m always wearing it. It keeps me refreshed.” Xu Xin lifted from her neck a safety pendant, this was in fact a very special silver pendant that had unique engravings on it.

“It’s of course something good, you can’t even buy it with money.” Luo Feng took one out from his neck too.

These pendants were actually gifts from Babata for Luo Feng and his wife, with one each, they had some protective abilities.

“Items from the archaeological ruins are obviously good things.” Xu Xin laughed.

“Oh, these safety pendants were made for married couples.” Luo Feng looked at Xu Xin, with a queer smile, he said, “Xu Xin…when are we getting married? My parents are pestering me.”

“Marriage, my family has been pestering me too.”

Xu Xin’s perfect smooth face began to grow red, “However, there’s no rush for this.”

“Yup, no rush!”

Luo Feng caught on and nodded, “That’s good too, let’s wait a few years.”

“You…” Xu Xin stared at him wide-eyed.

“Angry?” Haha, are you worried you’d be left on the shelf?” Luo Feng immediately laughed.

Xu Xin was even more flustered!

“Come on, don’t be angry, how about we register for the marriage this month?” Luo Feng said.

“That’s too soon.” Xu Xin seemed nervous.

“One’s too fast, and the other’s too long. Women.” Luo Feng sighed a big sigh, Xu Xin said with dissatisfaction: “I’m just not ready and nervous.”

To see the usually calm and collected Xu Xin throw such a little girl’s tantrum made Luo Feng feel a sense of warmth in his heart.

Indeed, this year had been warm and peaceful.

His parents had been happy, his brother too had opened an investing company and his own progress in training had been phenomenal and steady. With his constant evolution, and his relationship with Xu Xin steadily growing stronger, they were indeed ready to talk about marriage.

Since the incident at Misty Island, the entire earth had had peace for an entire year!

The five countries, HR Alliance, two big dojos, they all had at least three or four Mu Ya crystals from the incident, the lucky ones got seven or eight of them! This helped the several powers gain a few more representative fighters within the year, 2059 that year, was the year where the number of representatives on earth had increased by the most, a total of thirty of them!

Even though they lost several representatives during the Misty Island incident.

However, the number of representatives on earth had reached a staggering 81! With humanity growing stronger, dealing with the sea monsters had become easier. With the countries deploying star traveller warriors, there was no shortage of fighters.

……

A.D Year 2060 13th January dusk, North America, New York.

New York, during the Great Nirvana, was earth’s economic center, it was deemed the planet’s capital! Back then, the predecessor of the HR Alliance, along with the various financial groups, families were all in New York. However, the great nirvana occurred and since New York was closest to the Atlantic Ocean, it was the first to get attacked.

Hence, it became a paradise for the monsters!

……

Just like China’s Shanghai being linked directly to the East China sea, so was New York to the Atlantic.

Hence, America built a big military sector not far from New York. It even built a military base in New York to prevent the sea monsters from entering the mainland.

A base that exceeded 500m in length, was like a malevolent monster had taken up that space in the river itself.

Within that base.

The rays of light from the sunset shone in, within a bunker below, five american soldiers sat crossed legged on the floor gambling. There were hardly any battles that occurred, and when they do occur, there wre many casualties. Hence when the soldiers gambled, the higher-ups wouldn’t bother.

“Oh my god, lousy card!”

A young black man cursed as he threw his card away.

“Ten of spades, ten of spades, ten of spades!” a white youth beside couldn’t stop shouting, picking up the card that was dealt to him, flipping it over only to curse. “What bad luck, I’ve lost again!”

“Haha, I’ve won again.”

A youth with blonde curly hair laughed, through the bunker’s little gap in the wall, he sent a flying kiss out,” Oh beautiful statue of liberty, continue to shower me with good luck!” The gap faced straight towards the statue of liberty, however the statue had long fallen and turn to ruins.

“Bullshit! The statue of liberty has already fallen, I don’t believe you’ll keep winning, again.” The bald youth shouted.

“Wow, quickly come see, what is that!”

One of the soldiers was pointing through the gap, the others immediately ran up to look.

“My god!”

“Oh god!”

“It’s an emperor level monster!”

An ear piercing alarm rang, sounding through the entire base. The calm and relaxed base became busy and tense immediately, countless soldiers began to take their positions and prepare for battle!

With the sunset rays shining down, in front of the enormous military base…a large monster had appeared!

This monster’s body was about 180m long, it’s body structure was similar to a ‘lion’ type monster, its body was covered with black scales that were as big as houses, every one of them seemed terrifying. It even had a 200m wingspan that was covered in black scales, they looked like they were made of steel!

The horn on its head seemed to want to pierce through the heavens. It’s singular black horn was wrapped by a gold pattern, its complex patterns spread down to its neck, all over its back and even to its tail! It was like its entire body was covered by a gold and black mixed armour. What was most chilling was those dark golden pupils!

A pair of dark golden pupils, almost, almost like god’s eyes, keeping its gaze on the tens of thousands of creatures below it!

A pair of pupils concealing a malevolence.

Ice cold!

Brutal!

This was it! An existence that had never appeared on earth before!

“An emperor level monster in the air, it’s courting death.”

“Use the laser cannons to shoot it down!”

“It’s definitely going to die.”

While the base’s many soldiers were shocked and afraid, they were still very confident in their laser cannons, man’s greatest weapon!

Whoosh!

Whoosh!

Whoosh!

Three white beams at frightening speeds attacked the black and golden monster’s scales directly!

The beams dissipated!

The scales…were undamaged!!!

“Wooo…” A low humming noise. It was as though the god’s roar filled everywhere.

The entire ruined New York’s monster population lowered their head in fear, it was oppression on the spiritual level. All the soldiers in the base felt nothing but extraordinary fear. The generals in charge could only look in fear at the monster figure that took up more than half the screen.

“Just what is that creature?”

“Even the powerful laser cannons couldn’t hurt it one bit?”

Suddenly…

The creature opened its mouth!

“Howl!”

“Rumble!

The earth was dark, in an instant, the space around the creature’s mouth had warped, the entire base actually lifted off the ground and flew towards its mouth. As it flew closer, it became smaller and smaller! The base, which was originally bigger than the creature’s entire body had actually shrunk to no more than five meters long, the soldiers who nothing more than ants to the creature were all petrified with fear, shouts and screams of fear filled the air.

The creature swallowed the base in one gulp before closing it’s mouth!

The entire base was gone!

“Oh my god!”

In the distant ruined skyscraper from which the laser was shot from, the soldiers were all pale, almost as though they had seen a ghost.

Rumble…

Two other enormous sea creatures surfaced, if Luo Feng or Hong and the others had seen this, they would have recognized…these two creatures were the other two ‘Grand Emperor’ monsters. The waters began to boil as countless other sea monsters surfaced, they all looked as though they’ve seen their god in that mysterious creature.

“Howl!” The creature raised its head and roared, it’s horn piercing the skies!

It was almost as though it was announcing…It had come!


Chapter 234: Emergency Summons

Following the declaration-like roar from the mysterious creature, the two Grand Emperor monsters behind…one was an enormous octopus shaped monster that covered both the land and skies, engulfing the entire island, the other was something out of the chinese legends, a dragon whose length meandered over 1000 meters, except its body was constantly flickering with electricity and energy.

The two grand emperors too let out earth shattering roars!

Rumble…

The roars spread in all directions, countless other roars and noises started to come from the water below, where the countless number of water creatures began to swiftly follow the flow and attack into humanity’s mainland area!

China, Jiang Nan headquarter city’s Yang Zhou city, Luo Feng’s house.

It was currently 8pm.

On the sofa in the living room, Luo Feng sat with Xu Xin, watching television while eating some fruits and snacks.

“Today one of my subordinate ladies ran over to tattle on someone. While I’m not too fond of these ‘reports’, our company’s manager Li really doesn’t know how to conduct himself in public! Does he have to be so narcissistic and arrogant? It puts me in a spot.” Xu Xin chatted with Luo Feng as she watched television.

“Just fire him.” Luo Feng said frankly.

“Running a company isn’t that easy, I can’t just fire anyone on a whim.” Xu Xin said, “Manager Li’s skills and expertise are still decent, I’ll have a word with him when I get back.”

“Oh, I don’t know anything.”

Luo Feng casually said, “Right, my parents are returning tomorrow.”

“What.” Xu Xin was shocked, “what do we do?”

“What do we do? Relax! You can just stay here.” Luo Feng turned to look at her, saying, “Anyway you are already mine, what’s there to be shy about.”

“What do you mean I’m yours!” Xu Xin stared hard wide-eyed at him.

Luo Feng immediately laughed out loud.

“You!” Xu Xin immediately brandished her claws and prepared to pound on him.

“Hold on, telephone.” Luo Feng shouted.

“Don’t lie to me.” Xu Xin said, disbelieving.

“There’s really a call.” Luo Feng picked up the telephone and answered it.

“How are you Luo Feng.” A deep voice resounded.

“Oh, Mo Henderson.” Luo Feng smiled, “Do you need something from me?”

Ice Emperor Mo Henderson?

Xu Xin shut her mouth shocked, she didn’t dare to utter a sound or disturb his conversation in any way.

Since the incident on Misty Island, this Ice Emperor and Luo Feng has had a little grudge, both had not been in contact ever since. Luo Feng never would have thought that America’s number one strongest and 3rd representative Ice Emperor Mo Henderson would personally call to look for him.

“It’s a very important matter, it concerns the survival of humanity. You should hurry into the Palace of Wargods, all the representatives, chairmen, government officials and higher-ups will be there.” Mo Henderson said.

“What’s happening?” Luo Feng said shocked.

Earth and humanity’s survival?

“There’s no time to explain in detail, I still have people to inform. Just hurry over to the Palace of Wargods.” As he finished, Mo Henderson hung up.

Indeed, for the American government to relay news to someone as important and with status as Luo Feng, they couldn’t just pick a random worker to call, lest Luo Feng just dismisses it! However, someone like Mo Henderson relaying the news had a lot more credibility.

There was silence in the living room.

Luo Feng arched his eyebrow.

“Luo Feng, what’s happening?” Xu Xin said worried.

“No idea, I’ll enter the virtual space to see. I’ll tell you when I get back.” after telling her, Luo Feng directly went to the 2nd floor and into the gravity room.

Closing the gravity room door behind, in its normal condition, the room maintained just 1x earth’s gravity.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged.

“Babata, help me connect straight into the virtual space of the Palace of Wargods.” Luo Feng’s directed his thoughts straight to his wrist cuff space, talking to Babata.

“No problem!”

Laughed Babata, who was wearing underpants, lying in a rocking chair, and being massaged comfortably by a servant within the wrist cuff space.

……

Whoosh!

An enormous room, this was the first time Luo Feng was entering the room where the wargods lived. He entered into the room donning a full golden Chinese robe.

“Representative Luo, please head straight to the top floor’s meeting room.” An automated voice sounded in that room.

“Top floor’s meeting room?” Luo Feng was shocked.

That was the wargods’ biggest meeting room, usually most meetings were held there. For the gathering this time to be held there…it obviously meant something big had happened.

Luo Feng quickly left the room and headed up.

Up the winding stairs, Luo Feng met two other representatives, along with some wargods in white robes. Luo Feng began chatting with the two representatives and it was clear… that these two representatives weren’t sure of what was happening either, just that the American side and urgently informed everyone to enter the virtual space.

……

At the Wargods’ top floor meeting room, already more than 50 representatives donning golden robes had appeared, along with wargods in white robes! The many in white consisted not only of wargods, but also the higher ups and leaders from the five great countries.

Those leaders may be presidents or vice presidents, but their battle strength aren’t all at the wargod level.

Normally, they wouldn’t have the authority to come in, today, however, they had special permission.

“Luo Feng.”

“Jia Yi.” Luo Feng walked over to shake Jia Yi’s hand, “Do you know what’s going on?”

“I think something big has happened in America, I’m not too sure of the details.” Jia Yi shook his head, “However according to the brief conversation we had with the American president, things are very serious! Something catastrophic. However, they didn’t get the chance to explain things in detail, they had to rush to inform all the other countries and parties.

“Catastrophic?” Luo Feng’s heart sank.

“Let’s go, you still haven’t met quite a number of our Chinese leaders, go get familiar with them.” Jia Yi pulled Luo Feng along to meet several leaders.

The number of people in the meeting room steadily grew.

The atmosphere in the room was tense, before five minutes were up, all the representatives, leaders of the five great countries, the HR Alliance chairman and people had all arrived! It could be said that…within that short time span, all of earth’s powers, leaders and governments had all gathered in that one space.

“The 1st representative is here.”

“America’s president is also here.”

Luo Feng turned his head, Hong, Thunder God along with Mo Henderson and others had arrived together, amongst them was the president. The meeting room suddenly grew silent.

The president walked straight to the podium.

“Fellow leaders, representatives, chairmen.” The black skinned president had a troubled expression and lowered his voice as he spoke, “Right now all of the world’s powers are gathered here, it should be a joyous gathering. However, I must painfully inform everybody…catastrophe and the end is upon us!”

Everyone’s expression changed.

A country’s president, couldn’t possibly lie in front of everybody.

“I’m unable to fully explain it, please everyone, take a look at this footage!” The black skinned president said seriously.

Whoosh!

A large screen appeared at the front of the meeting room, it began to run a video.

At the start, the sun was setting, a military base was peacefully sitting on the river.

“It’s the district in New York from the Great Nirvana period.” Jia Yi said softly.

“Just what’s going on?” Luo Feng’s eyebrow arched as he looked on.

On the screen.

The scene was calm, until suddenly…a huge silhouette broke out from below the water, its speed was terrifying and fast that it was hard to see clearly. One could only make out a black silhouette that rose up and floated in front of the base! This was a mysterious creature that man had never experienced before!

Strong claws, enormous wings that were covered in scales, a powerful tail and a horn that pierced the skies! Plus those cold expressionless golden eyes!

This was a huge creature whose length exceeded 180m!

“What kind of creature is this?”

“Never seen before!”

“Looking at its length, it should be the emperor level.”

“An emperor level monster appearing in front of a military base, is it courting death? A laser cannon would kill it immediately.”

The representatives along with some of the countries’ leaders had begun a soft discussion, everyone was still glued to the scene, waiting to see how it would unfold. At the same time, everyone watching the screen and the creature all had a certain indescribable sense of fear, however, the magnitude was different between the strong and weak, Hong and Luo Feng didn’t feel too much fear! This made Hong, Thunder God, Luo Feng and several other stronger fighters very suspicious.

At their level, there shouldn’t be anything on earth that could make them feel fear.

On the screen!

Three glaring laser beams hit the creature directly, everyone held their breaths as they watched.

The lights dispersed!

“What!”

“The scales are undamaged?”

“That’s impossible! Even a Grand emperor monster may be able to defend against the strongest lasers but it wouldn’t escape unscathed!”

The meeting room erupted in noise

Even the calmer warriors, including Hong, Thunder God and Luo Feng changed their expressions immediately! Under the power of the laser beam, the grand emperor monsters, Hong nor Luo Feng wouldn’t be able to escape unscathed!

“Everybody, I can guarantee that those three laser beams were at 100% power.” The black skinned president said seriously, “Please continue watching!”

Silence!

Everybody continued watching.

On the screen, the mysterious creature opened its mouth, warping the space around it, this was clear even to the naked eye. The base, which was much bigger than the creature had actually floated up! It even grew smaller and smaller as it flew towards the creature’s mouth, to the point that it had shrunk till no more than 5 meters wide before it was swallowed.

“My god!”

“That’s impossible.”

“Oh god.”

No matter how calm the leaders were, or the warriors…everyone was stunned!”

This scene had completely destroyed man’s understanding and physics, it was something science could not explain at all! For a base that exceeded 500m long to fly up and shrink? How was this possible? To actually eat a base?

“All of the base’s 50 thousand soldiers were all eaten, no survivors.” The black skinned president said seriously.

“However!!!”

He took a deep breath, “This, is just the beginning!”

He pointed towards screen in which the mysterious creature was howling, “With this creature as the leader, the other two grand emperor and countless other sea monsters, they all follow its command and have begun to attack inwards!” Saying that, countless sea monsters appeared on the screen madly rushing down the river towards the mainland.

On the screen, the scene changed, it was the continent of North America.

The mysterious creature had actually swallowed yet another base!

“There’s no way to resist!”

“No matter how strong the base, or how brave the soldiers, how powerful the warriors, it, swallows the all in one gulp!”

“It’s a nightmare.”

“Catastrophe!”

“Apocalypse!!!”

The black skinned president looked towards everyone in the meeting room, everyone had grown silent, no one could utter a sound.


Chapter 235: Space Beast

“The sea monsters are on the move and progressing, with that mysterious creature as the leader, we have no way to defend! Everybody, what should we do?” The black skinned president anxiously looked around the meeting room, everyone’s expression was serious, the president continued worriedly: “Currently, the death toll has already hit 210,800, this means over 21 hundred thousand death notices!” His eyes began welling up.

Everybody’s hearts sank as they heard this.

They had lost so many lives already!

Luo Feng watched the mysterious creature on the screen, the creature was killing and eating American people, while it was painful to watch and he pitied them, his feelings weren’t particularly strong. On the contrary…what he felt was more of an oppressing feeling! If it was America today, what about tomorrow?

If it were his own Chinese countrymen being eaten in the tens of thousands, so many of them dying…

He couldn’t imagine such a scene happening!

“That must never be allowed to happen!” Luo Feng clenched his fist tightly.

“Just where did this creature appear from? No one has ever seen it before!”

“Four claws, with wings, with scales that cover the wings!”

“How is it able to swallow a base in one gulp?”

“What is this monster?”

There was a soft discussion in the meeting room, the various countries’ leaders, chairmen, representatives all had a difficult and worried expressions. Facing such an unknown creature that popped out from nowhere, such a terrifying beast, it had everybody flustered and lost. Even Hong, Thunder God looked serious, they were clear…

To be able to lead two Grand emperor monsters and to be unscathed against the most powerful laser beams.

This creature’s power far exceeded theirs!

“I know!”

“I know!”

Suddenly, an English speaking voice resounded, Luo Feng’s ears automatically activated the virtual space’s translating facilities. “What do you know?” Luo Feng turned his head, everybody in the room turned, an old man with a full head of white hair shouted, everybody looked over, the old man said: “I am Claus, from the HR Alliance, I’m in charge of the archaeological ruins research and documentation.”

“What do you know?” Hong, dressed in black, asked him.

Everyone in the meeting room turned to him.

The old man with a full head of white hair bowed slightly before straightening up: “Greetings chairmen, representatives, everybody knows…to get to the representative level is to in fact step into the star traveller level 1.”

Most of the representatives remained silent.

However, a few country’s leaders along with the few dozen wargods in this meeting were shocked.

“Silence.” Hong said seriously.

Silence.

The white haired Claus continued: “Following the ancient civilization records and data, once a star traveller reaches level 9, to progress further would be to reach the star level. Above that lies the universe level! And it takes countless galaxies to give birth to a universe level fighter. However in the vast universe, there exists some very unique monsters…the space beasts!”

“Eh?”

Hong, along with Thunder God and others were shocked, they obviously didn’t know of the space beasts before.

“Space beasts, are extremely few in numbers, any one of them grown up can easily reach the universe level! They can easily destroy a planet.” Claus’s eyes were lit, he pointed towards the screen’s mysterious creature, “This mysterious creature, is probably a space beast…the swallowing type of space beast.

“The swallowing type, is a particularly strong type among the space beasts.”

“To be able to swallow the base means that it has some special devouring abilities. In the universe, only this particular type of spaces beast should have this kind of ability. So I assume that this is a swallowing type space beast!” Claus said with confidence.

There was a moment of silence in the room before noise erupted.

“What’s the universe level?”

“What’s the star and universe level.”

“Space beast?”

“It takes countless galaxies for a universe level fighter, does that mean that there’s intelligent life from other planets?”

The meeting room was chaotic beyond compare.

While this old man’s news was extremely shocking, with the various earth’s powers discoveries about the ancient civilizations and ruins, many powers on earth actually knew of the universe and it’s basic knowledge! People like Hong, Thunder God were very familiar with the cloud contact vine and its information, some countries even knew about the Mu Ya crystals! With that said, Hong and Thunder God felt even more pressure to push into the Star level!

Obviously, the upper levels of humanity wouldn’t be that clueless.

It was just….

The news was too shocking to release publicly! Normally, people who became representatives and reached the countries’ upper echelons would only then be deemed worthy of receiving such information. However, it was clear that many in the meeting room didn’t know about these things.

“Silence.” Hong spoke up.

There was immediate silence in the meeting room, the elites of the entire world turned to look at him.

“What he said earlier isn’t wrong.” Hong said seriously, “To become a representative means to step into the star traveller level 1! And there’s a total of 9 levels! Above that is the Star Level and above that lies the Universe level.”

“Universe level warriors are extremely strong, they can easily destroy a planet!”

“I shall not mention more about anything else.”

Hong’s voice was cold as ice, “All I know is that this mysterious creature, which is actually a space beast, is a catastrophe that is hard to get rid of. We all need to work together to think of a way out of this predicament. Claus, can you send all the information on the space beasts over here.”

Claus froze, he looked at Isadora, the chairman of the HR Alliance behind him and saw her nod.

“Okay.” Claus nodded.

“Oh, can you tell me, just how strong this space beast is approximately? Is it at the universe level?” Hong said seriously.

If it was a universe level existence!

Then there would be no need for resistance, because there was no power at all to do it. The only way was to arrange for evacuation procedures, for humanity’s survival and future generations.

“No, it’s definitely not at the universe level.”

The white haired old man shook his head, “According to my calculations and from what I know, a universe level space monster should at least be about a few thousand meters long, some are even crazier, a few ten’s of thousands of meters long. This particular devouring beast, is a total of only 180m! According to my calculations, it’s probably a star traveller 8 or 9, maybe a star level.”

Hong and Thunder god looked at each other, this was a predicament humanity might have a chance of resisting!

……

Luo Feng looked at the mysterious creature on the screen.

It was actually easy to guess, a grand emperor monster was about a star traveller level 6, this particular creature was much stronger. Hence, a star traveller level 8 or 9 or even a star level was possible!

“If it’s at the star level then it’d be troublesome.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

“Please sit everybody.”

The 3rd representative Mo Henderson shouted, “Let’s all think together of a solution, how can we deal with this…let’s just call it temporarily the swallowing monster! How to we deal with it, not killing it means more people will die.”

In the meeting room.

Everyone sat down and began their discussions. Even with the discussion, the truth was humanity’s hands were tied! The strongest weapon they had before: Laser cannons, with it’s highest efficiency and power didn’t even leave a mark on that devouring monster’s scales, what else could they do?

There was only one way left!

Nuclear warheads!

Nuclear warheads definitely had a terrifying power, however it required the target to be hit directly in the center for the damage to be highest! Also, the radiation that results from the blast usually creates even more mutations of creatures. Under normal circumstances, humans would never resort nuclear warheads. The gains didn’t justify the losses.

This time however, there was no choice, humanity didn’t have any stronger trump card.

“Using nuclear warheads?”

“How big of a yield? 50 megatons? Or more?”

“Is there a guarantee?”

The world’s elite were all anxiously discussing.

“Speed!”

“At the start of the footage, when it flew out from the water, how fast was it!” someone shouted immediately.

The speed was calculated quickly.

“When the devouring monster first showed itself, its speed was 13082 meters per second! Subsequently, according to satellite records, there was an instance when it was even faster, 14899 meters per second!” A worker from the American side messaged through the internet to the virtual space meeting room.

“That fast?”

Hong, Thunder God’s expressions changed. Their speed was way slower than this creature.

Luo Feng’s expression too wasn’t looking good.

Now that he was a level 3 spirit reader, even with the soaring shuttle, his max speed was only a little more than 5000 m/s! This was relying on both his spirit reader powers and the soaring shuttle! Luo Feng estimated…flying speed in the air, as a fighter, even Thunder God wasn’t faster then himself. Yet the speed between him and the devouring monster was too different.

“Babata, Babata.” Luo Feng’s thoughts shouted out.

“What do you need me for, I’m sleeping!” Babata’s thoughts reached Luo Feng.

Within the virtual space, AIs were able to enter, it was afterall a space built by the AIs.

And Babata was above the AI that built the Wargod palace, much much stronger! That was why he could enter the space without the Wargod palace’s AI even noticing.

“Tell me, that creature on the screen, what exactly is it and is there any way to kill it.” Luo Feng said.

Only Babata could help now, his knowledge and experience of the universe was much more vast than earth and humanity.

“Oh? Let the demon Babata take a look!” Babata said confidently.

Luo Feng waited quietly.

“My god!!! Babata shouted surprised, “I’ve seen a ghost, where did you get this footage, how did you get this footage?”

“What footage, this is earth. Right now this mysterious creature is on earth destroying and slaughtering.” Luo Feng said.

“On earth?”

“You are saying, that this ‘golden horned beast’ is on earth?” Babata said disbelieving.

“Right! It’s currently in the North American continent.” Luo Feng said.

“This, this, how is this possible? In the master’s 60 million years of life, travelled countless galaxies, he only met a total of three space beasts, and none of them were of the higher level bloodline!” Babata couldn’t believe it, “and a golden horned beast actually popped up on earth!”

Luo Feng was unsatisfied: “Babata, clarify yourself!”

“Remember what I told you before!”

“In the universe, the space beasts are really powerful, and among the space beasts there are various bloodlines, three types specifically, one of them is the strongest, the one that when it reaches maturity becomes a sector lord! This is the strongest bloodline in the universe, the one I introduced that eats the milky way, the flaming star beast.”

“And what you see here is the space beast that is similar and is at the top of the bloodline, the golden horned beast, it’s even more ferocious than the flaming star beast! It’s reputation is even bigger!”

“Once it’s fully grown, it’ll be a sector lord!”

“These golden horned beasts and flaming star beasts all belong to the space beasts swallowing type, however the flaming star beast is fire based, and the golden horned beast is metal based. It’s the strongest type, stronger than even Man’s strongest bloodline! The golden horned beast is ferocious and brutal, its attacking powers are extremely strong!” Babata sighed, “It’s over, now that it’s on Earth, Earth is done for, There’s no hope, it’s over.”


Chapter 236: When the root dies, how can the leaves live?

‘It’s over’, ‘there’s no hope’, ‘it’s over’, Babata’s words were like a hammer pounding on Luo Feng’s soul, his entire person was in shock.

The Earth is done for?

It seemed exaggerated. However, since 5000 years ago, from the ancestors of China, the three sovereigns and five emperors, from the Xia, Shang and Zhou dynasties, the spring and autumn and the Warring States periods, there were countless births of special people that shone lights on eras. The Qin Emperor, Liu Guan Zhang of the three Kingdoms who united the kingdoms, burning Red Cliff etc, Liang Jin of the Northern and Southern dynasties, Yuan Ming Qin of the Tang Song dynasties…up to the 21st century, man was living in a modernized society. During the escaping and evacuation when the Great Nirvana happened, it had been peaceful within the bases and people lived happily.

At a particular base and citadel, there was a student at a high school.

His name was Luo Feng.

His classmates, teachers, his dojo buddies, instructors! His parents and relatives, his loved ones, and the people he had interacted with since he was young! They were all nothing but droplets in the entire Chinese community, however, they were still part of China.

Now…It’s over?

“No!”

Luo Feng felt his soul trembling, a piercing pain!

If the entire earth’s population was to die, what was the point of he himself living?

“We have to kill it!” Luo Feng pointed at the golden horned beast on the screen, “It, must definitely die!!!”

“Luo Feng, what are you thinking?” Babata asked.

“Babata, the gold horned beast must die!” Luo Feng said.

“Are you running a fever? You are only a level 3 spirit reader, what power do you have to even stir up this star level gold horned beast? You are a disciple of Yun Mo Planet, but this beast’s background stretches way further. It’s of the elite bloodline, its power is huge. To kill it now, is simply, simply just dreaming!” Babata said, “We have no reason to fight it head on, even if it was dangerous, when the time comes, you just have to enter the Yun Mo Planet ship, once the ship closes, no matter how strong it is, it wouldn’t be able to break through! Also with the weight of the ship, it wouldn’t be able to swallow it either.”

“No!” Luo Feng dismissed Babata’s suggestion.

“Don’t be stupid, why not we just bring along your family and loved ones into the ship too.” Babata said.

“Babata, are we nothing but tortoises that hide in their shells, hiding away from this crisis! After everything has passed and we walk out… oh the rest of humanity is gone. The colleagues that my parents have, the neighbours etc all dead. All that’s left would be me and my family? There’s no meaning in that. How can my parents live with that? How can I live with that?” Luo Feng asked.

It was impossible to imagine!

It was a scene Luo Feng couldn’t imagine, it was terrifying! It chilled his heart.

“I cannot understand you humans and your way of thinking.” Babata was unsatisfied, “you aren’t a match at all, and you still want to fight!”

“Man, cannot live without society.”

“Man, cannot live without his nationality or motherland!”

“If the earth was empty and lonely with just one survivor, it’s as good as being dead!” Luo Feng’s heart chilled at the thought, “Babata, when a country is destroyed, it’s survivors have a name, they are called slaves of a vanquished nation!”

The earth was his roots!

China was his roots!

When the root dies, the leaves too would dry and wilt!

And himself…he was nothing but one of the countless leaves, just one that was a little better.

When the root dies, how can the leaves live?

“Babata, tell me, how can we kill it.” Luo Feng’s thoughts went through.

“Come on, there’s no way.” Babata said without any hesitation.

“Babata, you can build a spaceship, can’t you build a strong enough weapon to kill it?” Luo Feng’s thoughts questioned, extremely anxious.

“A weapon capable of killing a star level creature?”

Babata understood Luo Feng’s anxiousness, he thought about it carefully, “Luo Feng! In the universe, a star level is considered quite strong! Universe level warriors and on can battle interstellar fleets with only their bodies! This means, normal interstellar fleets have a hard time killing universe level fights, killing a star level too requires quite a powerful weapon.”

“That level of weapon, building it is complicated and difficult, it also requires at least a few years of work.” Babata said, “however, with the gold horned beast’s speed, one month would be enough for it to wipe out the entire earth.”

Luo Feng understood.

The gold horned space beast was leading countless sea creatures and invading across earth and it’s lands, it was indeed too fast.

“What’s more Luo Feng!”

“Building a strong weapon is the easy part, what about operating and firing? To hit the target with such a weapon is very difficult.” Babata said, “That’s why, if you really want to fight, there’s only one way.

“Tell me.” Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat.

“There are some wreckage of universe battleships, those remains could be used to build a weapon! While time could have corroded some of them and made them unusable, if I can work on them, they might be able to work again.” Babata said, “Of course all this relies a lot on luck! Ultimately, a weapon able to kill a star level is considered powerful even amongst an interstellar fleet. For example, your Head’s ship is only a transport ship, it’s weapons are comparably weaker.”

Luo Feng listened, there was some hope.

Right…

Look through the ancient ruins, look for a weapon that surpasses humanity’s.

“Babata, can you measure accurately the strength of this space beast.” Luo Feng asked, to know oneself and his enemies was the only way to win a hundred battles unscathed

“It?”

Babata said, “Look, that horn on its head that’s covered in gold engravings, does it have one protruding out?”

Luo Feng looked carefully at the screen.

Right! On the head of the gold horned beast, besides the one horn that pierced the sky, there was a slight protrusion beside it.

“A gold horned beast’s growth is very easy to determine! Because at different stages, it has different unique feature. ‘Infant stage’ it only has one horn on his head! ‘Growth stage’, it begins to grow it’s 2nd horn. ‘Youth Stage’, it begins to grow its 3rd horn, ‘Young adult’, the 4th horn. ‘Maturity’, it grows its 5th horn!”

“As its power grows, the engravings on its horns get more complex, until finally, the horns look almost totally gold.”

“That’s why, it was named the Gold Horned Beast!” Babata said.

Luo Feng understood.

“It’s 2nd horn has only just begun to protrude, that means it hasn’t stepped into the star level for too long.” Babata continued, however, it’s bloodline is too strong, its growth speed is terrifying! In its growth stage, it will madly devour metal to absorb, thus it’s power rises constantly. To kill it, we need to do it now and quickly, before it gets even stronger.”

Luo Feng understood.

Once it reaches maturity, it becomes a sector lord Gold Horned beast, its growth speed would definitely be shocking.

“No wonder he devoured the base, it’s mostly made of metal.” Luo Feng sighed.”

“Relax, as a swallowing beast, while he might have his own internal world, it’s still a little punk in its infant stage, there’s a limit to its intake.” Babata said, “however Luo Feng, I still have to advise you… not a single one of the space beasts are worth stirring up, their blood contains accumulated memories and experience from ancient times.”

“To kill a space beast is very difficult.”

“To kill a gold horned beast that’s ranked at the top is even more difficult!”

“The master once heard, there was once an undying in the universe who met a sector lord level ‘gold horned beast’ and wanted to kill it! Normally, for an undying to kill a sector lord was an easy feat. However…while the beast couldn’t win the battle, it still managed to flee.” Babata sighed, “These bloodlines with populations that are extremely small, even if you can win in battle, killing them is extremely difficult.”

Luo Feng was silent.

“If we don’t try, how will we know?” Luo Feng said, “Babata… This battle, I have no choice!”

“It has to die!”

“If not, to allow it to destroy humanity on earth, I’d rather die first!” Luo Feng said seriously.

Luo Feng had never regarded himself as noble or great, he could watch an entire base get swallowed by the gold horned beast. However when faced with humanity’s extinction and China’s destruction, he felt that he was just a leaf without any roots and there would be no meaning to living. He’d rather die than let it happen.

“That stupid way of thought.”

Babata was helpless, “It’s a pity the Yun Mo Planet ship doesn’t have any weapons!”

For undying beings, those weapons didn’t have much meaning! Like the Yun Mo Planet ship, it’s body was made of the hybrid copper essence, one shard was more than a ton, how much did the entire ship weigh? With its strength, it only needed to accelerate to a terrifying speed, along with its piercing abilities, no one damage it!

Normally, flying about in the universe, breaking through asteroids and banging right through them, cutting them just like tofu.

With impact! Even a planet could be cut through!

Killing a star level, was like cutting vegetables.

It as pity…

The ship was damaged and couldn’t fly.

……

As Luo Feng was discussing with Babata in his head, so were the others in the room.

“Old Wang, if it is a level 8 or 9 star traveller level creature, we still have hope. If it’s in the star level…then the chances of success are only 1%.” The 2 old men sat and quietly discussed.

“Oh, Old Li, anything from your discussion there?” an old man with a head of white hair asked.

“Oh, during the Great Nirvana, there was no place to test a large amount of nuclear warheads. However during the headquarter city era, there were large open spaces with tens of thousands of kilometers! The only thing is.” Old Li nodded his head, “a detailed plan, has to be discussed by the countries’ experts. I’m thinking if we fail…”

“You are talking about the human survival project?” Old Wang looked at him.

Old Li looked back.

The two of them had worked and lost blood and sweat during the Great Nirvana building the headquarter cities. They of course couldn’t bear to lose their country and people!

“The commoners are all living peaceful lives and suddenly the end is here?” Old Wang closed his eyes, tears welling up before he opened them again. His gaze was firm, “I believe all the countries are the same, let the human survival project begin quietly! If we are unable to defend against it, we’ll do it full scale. For the full details, we’ll discuss after leaving the virtual space!”

Old Li nodded, but he felt a sense of heavy breathing!

“Perhaps…if things weren’t that bad.” Old Li said quietly.

……

The entire meeting room.

Be it fighters like Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God, or the countries’ leaders, or some of the specialist invited by the weapons divisions, they were all racking their brains for a solution.

They were the earth’s elite!

No one was willing to give up!


Chapter 237: Archaeological Ruins Item List

Everyone in the meeting room was feeling anxious.

“Brother Hong, do you have any guarantee?” Thunder God and Hong were sitting in a corner, no one around dared to go close.

“None at all!”

“Hong shook his head, “However, even if we have no guarantee, in the end, we will still have to fight! As a star traveller level 7 along with my own domain, I already have no match in the star traveller level. Plus my fast evolving cloud contact vine that I’ve been feeding the Mu Ya crystals to, even if I battle to the death with a Star level 1, I might still have some hope!”

“The biggest problem lies in we not knowing much about the swallowing beast” Hong said seriously.

“Right.” Thunder God nodded.

However, Hong and Thunder God clearly didn’t know…a star level one human fighter and a star level 1 monster was very different! Not to mention the scariest of the monsters…the space beasts! Even more so the elite of the space beast bloodline, the golden horned beast, this was the leading bloodline in the vast universe.

This was also why Babata had deemed it the end of the world!

“Attention!”

“Attention!”

The American president, “The American side has just sent over a footage regarding the swallowing beast!”

Immediately everybody went silent.

Luo Feng too looked over.

A new footage was showing on the screen, this was in the vast wilderness, a base was one a wide river. At this particular base a large number of soldiers and personnel were in the midst of fleeing! One after another, the disc shaped battleships were flying and leaving!

“They had just received orders from headquarters, give up the base and quickly retreat.” The american president said. “Headquarters had determined from our satellites that the swallowing beast was headed in that direction.”

“However, it’s too fast, the retreat hadn’t completed…”

On the screen, a golden light stopped, it was that four clawed, scaled winged swallowing beast.

There was silence and a sense of dread in the meeting room.

“Another is about to get devoured?” Luo Feng shook his head.

On the screen , the swallowing monster actually rushed straight at the base, almost like lightning, and swept past the base. Its wings’ scales acted like knives and sliced past the base, cutting through almost like it was tofu and destroying the base. The soldiers who were unable to evacuate in time were either crushed to death or cut into slices by the wings!

The base had turned into a wreckage!

With its ice cold golden pupils, it looked at the battleships fleeing in all directions, their speed…was just pitiful compared to its own!

It simply moved it’s front claws!

“Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!”

Five golden rays shot out!

It’s speed was shocking, it immediately hit five of the battleships, those hit immediately exploded into large fireballs, lighting up the dark night sky.

That was the end of the footage!

“Attention all.” The American president said seriously, “This footage has shown us two things, one, it didn’t devour the base this time, it destroyed it. Two, it has long range abilities.”

“Bastard!”

“Bullshit!”

In the meeting room’s sides, the nuclear warhead experts had formed a discussion group, after seeing the footage, they exploded and began to curse! The old men with heads of white were all elites and of status, it was usually impossible to get any one of them to lose their composure. This time however, a great many of them were raging, their faces bright red.

“What’s wrong?” Hong looked over.

“Let me explain”.

One particular big nosed Russian nuclear weapons expert stood up, he looked at everyone, “We’ve been discussing of using a large amount of nuclear warheads on the creature’s body or inside his mouth! What we were most worried about before was its swallowing ability, once devoured, whether our electronic signal would be compromised and we wouldn’t be able to detonate! However, we pretty much can deal with that!”

“Now we realized our biggest problem! It has long range capabilities!”

This big nosed Russian said angrily, “With this swallowing monster’s unbelievable defensive abilities, even with a large amount of nuclear warheads, if they don’t get within 50 meters to detonate, they probably wouldn’t be able to break through its scales!”

Everyone in the meeting room was startled.

“Attention all!”

“The cons of a hydrogen bomb, is its ‘shockwave’ and the resulting ‘nuclear radiation’, it’s initial explosion is but a small factor. However…its initial impact are nothing to this swallowing monster. Radiation? Even the representatives here aren’t afraid of it, much less this swallowing monster.”

“That’s why! Only the explosion at the start can harm it!”

Luo Feng nodded his head as he heard.

When a large amount of nuclear warheads explode, that initial explosion had temperatures that went up to over 20 million degrees…

“However, it has to be right on its body!”

For such an existence, the closer the better, the best would be inside its mouth! It’s internal organs durability cannot compare to its outer scales, to detonate over 100 megatons of nuclear warheads in its mouth would blow its head right off!”

Luo Feng’s eyes lit up as he heard.

100 megatons of nuclear warheads?

He didn’t believe that wouldn’t do the job!

……

Within his wrist cuff, Babata’a body stood.

“Detonating 100 megatons of nuclear warheads in its mouth?” Babata was eating an apple, shaking his head, “Wishful thinking. They obviously don’t understand the swallowing beast…Its reputation is known far and wide in the vast universe, the golden horned beast, an elite bloodline even among the space beast.”

“Even the low level civilizations, middle, high level civilizations all cannot belittle it.”

“If it was so easy to kill, it wouldn’t be a golden horned beast.”

“it’s a pity…I have too little knowledge on the golden horned beast. I’m not clear on its weaknesses.” Babata felt helpless.

Even for undying beings, meeting the space beast was hard due to their small population.

They could be rated as rare and uncommon animals!

China’s endangered animal was the panda bears, even now, several zoos didn’t have variations of the pandas. The golden horned beast…even undying beings, Yun Mo Planet’s master’s 600 million years of life, travelling over countless galaxies, had never seen a gold horned beast.

Even the golden horned beast, for birth till death, such an incredibly long life of roaming the universe would probably never meet another of its kind!

It’s population was small beyond compare!

Due to that factor, seeing one was hard enough, when one had the chance to meet one, it was even harder to get the chance to dissect and analyze one! And if one had the chance to dissect one, it was hard to research just what the beast had and its special abilities!

Hence!

In the vast universe, the knowledge on the space beast had always been blank! Even the undying beings weren’t too clear, they just roughly knew. Maybe if the Yun Mo Planet’s master had lived longer, with greater powers and met more warriors, they would have known more.

600 million years of undying, it was indeed young.

……

Virtual war god palace, meeting room.

“Attention all, now the biggest problem is…if we were to fly the ship with the nuclear warheads to him, it would shoot it down with a golden light. Within a 1000m radius, it would be destroyed, what do we do? Within a 1000m radius, even if it successfully detonated… even a star traveller warrior wouldn’t be killed.” That Russian with the big nose said.

“Attention all, to detonate the bombs on its body, we would only have one chance.”

“Once we fail, with its intellect and the damage it would receive, I’m afraid it wouldn’t let another ship close to itself again. We would have no more chances.” The Russian said as he looked at everybody.

Suddenly…

Hong stood up: “When the time comes, we’ll use my prehistoric level auto jet to deliver the bombs! With my auto jet’s defensive abilities, unless it attacks it up close, even its golden lights wouldn’t be able to destroy my auto jet. With the nuclear warheads in the autojet, once it gets close, the AI system will self detonate!”

“Thank you.” The Russian with the big nose was elated.

Hong’s prehistoric level auto jet was the earth’s strongest battleship!

a universe level auto jet, it could forcefully go against an emperor grade monster.

Hong’s prehistoric level, was even more capable of fighting a grand emperor level monster!

With its defensive abilities, it was even higher than Hong’s! It was definitely one of Hong’s greatest rewards from the archeological ruins.

“With this, the chances of detonating the warheads in the creature’s mouth is high, much higher.” The big nosed Russian was extremely excited, the earth’s leading experts too were all elated.

Yet at that time…

Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, connecting his thoughts to Babata.

“Attention all.” Luo Feng stood up.

Everyone in the meeting room turned over, looking at Luo Feng with suspicion. Hong and Thunder God too turned over curiously. Luo Feng wasn’t a nuclear expert, nor was he a leader of a country, what could he say?

“Regarding the swallowing monster, I have some information.” Luo Feng said seriously.

There was a sudden silence in the room.

“One, when the monster swallows, it warps the space around it. It isolates the things from the outside world. To control an auto jet to detonate from far away is impossible. Also…when it’s swallowing, within that swallowing space, the auto jet and the nuclear warheads will automatically break apart, so the chances of trying to explode it within its mouth is very low!”

The moment he said those words, everyone’s expressions changed.

This was the worst news they could receive!

“Two, this swallowing beast’s power is indeed at the star level! Luo Feng said.

“Three, the only good news, is that it has a limit to how much it can swallow, it is not a bottomless pit. Just like how it chose to destroy the base instead of swallowing it.”

“Luo Feng’s voice resounded across the meeting room.

This 3rd news was the only good point, the first two were just devastating!

“Representative Luo, are you sure?”

“Are you very sure?”

The nuclear experts were all looking towards Luo Feng.

“Definitely.” Luo Feng nodded, “This swallowing monster has the ability to swallow, digest, and absorb metal!”

“No wonder it ate the base.”

“Damn, we are in trouble.”

This news flustered a great number of people.

At this time Luo Feng walked towards Hong, Hong was still troubled over his news that the monster was at the star level.

“Head.” Luo Feng looked at Hong.

“It looks like you’ve earned some rewards from this one year, you actually have precious information on this swallowing beast.” Hong looked at Luo Feng, he didn’t find it strange at all. There were many researchers on earth who dug into the archeological ruins. After becoming a representative, not researching would the weird thing.

“I would like to acquire a list of all of earth’s archeological ruins.” Luo Feng said seriously, “every archeological ruin’s condition, I hope the list comes with some sort of description for each one.”

“This is?” Hong was shocked.

“I want to see if we can find a powerful weapon from these ruins!” Luo Feng said.

Hong shook his head: “The list of Ancient ruins, along with their descriptions, I can give you. However, Luo feng, to find a weapon capable of killing a star level is too difficult. And even if there was one…I’d expect it to be corroded by now.”

“I want to give it a try.” Luo Feng didn’t want to hesitate.

He had time, but humanity and earth didn’t

Looking at Luo Feng’s expression, Hong nodded his head seriously: “Alright, I’ll immediately send over the list. However, you must be careful!”

“Yes.” Luo Feng slightly nodded his head, his body suddenly disappeared from the virtual space, he had left the space.

“Humanity’s survival is at stake.”

Hong muttered, “Luo Feng is trying his best, everyone is trying their best, I really hope we can pass this calamity!”


Chapter 238: Grievous news

Yang Zhou City’s Ming-Yue sector.

Within the gravity room, Luo Feng opened his eyes. He swiftly got up, the door of the room automatically opened.

“Xu Xin, Xu Xin.”

Luo Feng quickly rushed down the stairs.

Xu Xin, who was in the living room watching television saw Luo Feng coming down and got up asking: “Luo Feng, what’s happened”

“There’s no time, come with me now, we have to go get my parents and little brother back.” Luo Feng was insecure about his family being outside, “I’ll explain along the way.”

“Oh, ok.”

Xu Xin could see that something major had happened.

Within the Emperor class auto jet, they swiftly flew out of Yang Zhou city.

“Hello, mom? Where are you two? Dongbei headquarter city? Good, I’ll be heading over, don’t leave. I’ll pick you two up. Don’t ask, I’ll explain on the way back.” Luo Feng hung up and called his brother, “Hello, Luo Hua, where are you? Oh, in Yang Zhou city? Rush back home now! Yes, immediately!”

Only after finishing the two calls did Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief.

“Luo Feng, what’s happened?” Xu Xin only just dared to ask.

“Calamity.”

“It’s earth and humanity’s calamity.” Luo Feng said seriously, this made Xu Xin’s expression expression change immediately.

“A ‘swallowing monster’ has just appeared from amongst the sea creatures. I, Hong and Thunder God are no match for it.” Luo Feng said, “Even the strongest laser cannons have yet to leave a mark on its scales! Right now, the American side has lost many bases and hundreds of thousands of people, and it’s quickly rising!”

“Xu Xin was slightly shocked: “Hundreds of thousands? That many?”

“Many?” Luo Feng shook his head, “At this rate, the South America, North America, Africa, Asia, Europe and other headquarter cities will all be destroyed, The amount of deaths will go up to the hundreds of millions. And without the headquarter cities, humanity will be like lambs sent to slaughter.”

This calamity, might be even worse than the Grand Nirvana period.” Luo Feng said.

At this, Xu Xin was finally flustered.

The Grand Nirvana? It was humanity’s greatest disaster, however, for Luo Feng, Xu Xin and that generation of people who didn’t experience it, they often heard from their parents’ generation , to them, it was like a nightmare! The entire humanity’s nightmare!

……

Returning from the north east base with his suspicious parents.

Mid flight on the return trip, Luo Feng let Xu Xin keep his parents company while he himself looked at his watch communicator and ordered: “#1, connect with my communicator and pull up a virtual display.”

Di!

A screen with the words, “Archeological ruins” appeared in front of him.

“Archeological ruin #1. Located at the North Atlantic, the Bermuda seas’ surroundings right at the ocean floor. It is a 1200m tall silver pyramid. It is extremely dangerous, any material which entered gets destroyed immediately with the warrior. Till now, the no. 1 ruin and its remains have yet to have more discoveries.”

“Archeological ruin #2, located in underground Russia’s ‘Wrangel Island’, is a remains of a split open spaceship.”

“Archeological ruin#3…”

……

“Archeological ruin#31, located deep within China’s Hubei’s ‘Shennongjia’, is a gigantic circular shaped ship with a diameter of over 800 meters. Its surface has many small holes, which are releasing a large amount of poisonous gas. These gases can permeate skin…Till now, no one has survived after entering ruin 31. It has the same level of danger as no. 1 and no. 12. Entering these three means certain death!”

Scanning till the end, Luo Feng carefully thought about every one of the ruins.

Some of them were scary, like no. 31, while some of them were only remains, like no.2. Some of them were special, like no.9.

“Babata.” Luo Feng’s thoughts went through.

“You’ve seen it right, what do you think, which should I go to?” Luo Feng asked in his mind.

“Except for the three big dangers, the other ruins in the countries have all been searched. No point going.” Babata said, “These three big dangers, #1 and #31 are the real dangers. These are ruins that even universe fighters will die if they go! You should go to #12 of the 3.”

“Universe fighters will die from them?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Right, when you have greater power we’ll come back. Your target will be archeological ruin #12.” Babata explained, “This ruin, with your current power, might come with some dangers, but with caution, it shouldn’t be too big a problem.”

“At this time,” Luo Feng’s gaze were as sharp as knives, “No matter the danger, I still have to go!”

Within the wrist cuff space.

“Babata rubbed his face, while he didn’t fully approve of Luo Feng’s stupidity, however, towards his master’s disciple’s willpower and determination, he was extremely satisfied: “The master once said, be it evil people or good people, or even demons, the truly strong always have a determined heart.”

……

Luo Feng was very clear on his motives and path, even in the virtual meeting room, he was shocked and shaken by the news initially but he quickly made up his mind.

Back then when he talked to the southeastern military sector’s military commanding officer Li Da Wei…

Luo Feng had made up his mind…’When I close my eyes for the final time when I die, I don’t want to have any regrets because I didn’t work hard enough in the past!.’

No Regrets!

“If I don’t risk it all now, and watch as my people die, my culture destroyed while only my family lives on this earth, will I regret this in the future?” Luo Feng’s asked himself in his heart, the answer was clear as day, definitely!

So…

Now’s the time to risk it all! Do it!

Even if he was down to his last drop of blood, as long as he succeeds, he believes that when he dies and closed his eyes, he would be smiling! Actually, ever since he chose the path of becoming a warrior, Luo Feng had never feared the thought of death, he just wished his death would be worth it!

Late night, the moon shone brightly on the villas, many of which still had lights on.

The auto jet landed on a grass plain, Luo Feng, Xu Xin and his parents walked down.

“Hello.”

Luo Feng picked up the phone.

“It’s me, Jia Yi.” An obviously distressed voice sounded, “Luo Feng, something bad has happened.”

“What else could have happened?” Luo Feng was somewhat shaken.

Now that the calamity had come, what else could happen?

“Luo Feng, previously in the meeting room, the various leaders, using the satellites had discovered, after the swallowing monster had destroyed all of North America’s bases, it actually began to swiftly head over to Europe and began destroying some of their important bases. I believe very quickly, it will head over to Asia’s bases and do the same!”

“Without the bases to stop the sea creatures, countless sea creatures would rush inland! I’m afraid it’ll only be a day or two before our main base will have to battle it!”

Jia Yi’s words made Luo Feng go pale.

“You, you mean…” Luo Feng’s eyes were red.

“With the swallowing monster travelling over 10 thousand meters per second, it can destroy all the bases on earth within half a day! When that happens, the countless sea creatures will quickly follow the rivers and kill inland! Even if we fought it out…I’m afraid humanity’s struggle will last at most, three days, three days before half of us gets wiped out! Seven days, everyone will be gone.”

Luo Feng choked and cleared his throat.

My god!

“I, I thought we had one month.” Luo Feng shook his head in disbelief.

In the sector, Luo Hong Guo and his wife, along with Xu Xin, were all shocked at Luo Feng’s expression…ever since Luo Feng had attained his position and status, they’ve hardly ever seen him so distressed. “Right, I too thought we had time…but…” Jia Yi’s voice was low and serious, filled with pain and agony.

“Why! Why is it like this!” Luo Feng was flustered.

There was too little time, too little!

Initially, if the swallowing monster had moved slowly, eaten a few bases everyday, humanity would have more time! But right now, the monster was actually preparing to destroy all of humanity’s bases within half a day, allowing countless sea creatures to attack humanity!

It was too cruel!

However, Luo Feng understood, if he was a swallowing beast, he too would first quickly destroy his enemies, and comfortably devour everything else.

“Luo Feng, the swallowing monster will destroy the bases, along with the laser cannons. It’s too intelligent, it has intellect, it’s very clear the laser cannons are dangerous towards the emperor level creatures. That’s why it easily used its golden beams to destroy the cannons.” Jia Yi said, “It’s even too lazy to chase after the fleeing armies, it lets the emperor level monsters do that job.”

“To be chased by an emperor level creature, even the armies ranging in the tens of thousands would all die.”

“To kill an emperor level monster, is to save over 10 thousand people or more.” Jia Yi said, “And one representative alone doesn’t have the guarantee to kill an emperor level monster.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

He himself had to, within the shortest time possible, go to the archeological ruin! And come back just as swiftly…

When the time came, building the weapon would be left to Babata!

And himself…

He would have to go on a massacre!

“Emperor level monster? You want to massacre humans, I’ll massacre you all!” Luo Feng’s gaze was ice cold, unprecedented cold, at a time like this, he himself was going a little crazy.

Anxiousness, rage!

To be forced to the edge of such a cliff, with nowhere to run!

“Luo Feng, because of how crazy the swallowing beast is, we’ll carry out the nuclear warhead plan today.” Jia Yi said, “If we can just kill that swallowing beast, we will have hope. Right now it is in Europe, looking at it’s direction, it’ll quickly head to Russia’s side…When that happens, we’ll carry out the nuclear plan in Russia.”

Luo Feng nodded his head.

Before the Grand Nirvana period, Russia was the largest country on earth. During the headquarter city age though, area didn’t have any meaning. Man could only live in bases.

And the population in Russia was lower.

The bases were all constructed on the continental plates, that’s why…there was over 10 million square kilometers of uninhabited space where it would be ideal to conduct the nuclear warhead attack!

……

“Tonight?” Luo Feng silently prayed in his heart.


Chapter 239: Boom! Boom! Boom!

It was a very crucial time, no time to waste at all for Luo Feng.

“Dad, mom, all of you should remain in the house, no matter the danger, you just have to enter the 2nd floor’s gravity room. Luo Feng emphasized, the material of the gravity room was incredibly durable, even a star level warrior would have a hard time trying to break though! It was afterall a training device for a star level warrior.

Within the gravity room, they would be much safer.

“Babata, set the gravity room for my parents, my brother, Zhen Nan and Xu Xin these five max.” Luo Feng said, “Also, set the gravity to one time, normal.”

“Already done.”

Babata’s efficiency was extremely high, he could control it directly from a distance.

“Little Feng, be careful.” Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan said to him as they were returning after finding out the severity of the problem. Only Luo Hua and Zhen Nan weren’t too clear on what was happening.

“Big brother, come back early.” Luo Hua shouted.

Luo Feng waved and swiftly left the house into the night.

……

This night was humanity’s race against the time!

Luo Feng’s auto jet was swiftly flying in the night, leaving Yang Zhou.

The fastest speed of the auto jet is currently 8,000m per second. How long will it take to reach archeological ruin 12?” Luo Feng asked, this auto jet’s basic speed wasn’t very fast, however, during his free time, Babata had kept the jet in his virtual space and made several adjustments.

It’s speed immediately rose, from ten times the speed of sound rising straight to 8,000m per second!

Following Babata’s words: “This improvement didn’t count as anything, to be able to fly in the universe, for a ship to be able to go light speed was the most basic thing ever! Compared to light speed, their current speed was nothing.” Luo Feng didn’t say much, he had no place compared to Babata who was from a higher civilization in the universe, the living AI.

Such an improvement was indeed easy.

“To reach archeological ruin 12 will take about 20 minutes.” Babata said.

“Oh?” Luo Feng’s handphone rang, he checked, it was the Head Hong calling.

“Hello.” Luo Feng picked up.

“Luo Feng, there’s something we need you to sacrifice.” Hong’s voice came through.

“Please speak, Head.” Luo Feng said without any hesitation. “Following the nuclear warhead attack plan, before my prehistoric level auto jet attacks, there will be other ‘Limit model’ auto jets carrying atomic bombs attacking! This is to confuse it.” Hong explained.

Luo Feng nodded slightly as he heard.

Right!

Hong’s prehistoric level auto jet, was a unique jet from the dojo of limits, it was triangular! Just like Luo Feng’s. The other countries all had disc shaped auto jets, to allow Hong’s auto jet not to raise any suspicion, they needed to have more triangular battle ships carrying atomic bombs to attack first, making the creature lower its guard.

Atomic bombs?

Several tens of thousands tons of atomic bombs, even Luo Feng, Hong or Thunder God, they wouldn’t even bother them. Much less the swallowing beast.

“We want to use the other triangular auto jets to carry atomic bombs to attack. The beast will realize that the attacks have no danger.” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up, “After that, we will suddenly send what seems like another harmless attack, but with a much more powerful explosion!” Luo Feng thought about it and agreed it was a good plan.

It seemed simple, and easy to succeed.

“Luo Feng, there aren’t too many auto jets from the Dojo of Limits in Asia.” Hong said, “I need to reach the battlefield within the shortest amount of time possible. I hope your auto jet can be used as one of our cannon fodder.”

“No problem.” Luo Feng said without hesitation.

One auto jet didn’t mean much to Luo Feng, much less during such a crisis. Even Hong was willing to sacrifice his higher level auto jet, how could he be petty about it?

“Your auto jet actually has a backdoor command, I can control it from afar” Hong said, “I’ll begin controlling it now, are you currently in the jet or out?”

“Come out.”

Luo Feng flew out directly.

Looking at the dark blue triangular autojet, Luo Feng watched. While in Babata’s eyes, this ship was only capable of flying within atmospheres, in the universe it was nothing but cheap goods and a toy. However, it had been with Luo Feng for a pretty long time.

“You’ve also done your part for humanity.” Luo Feng looked at his auto jet.

“I’m controlling it to leave.” Hong’s voice sounded from his phone, immediately, the dark blue triangular auto jet swiftly left, heading towards the Jiang Nan headquarter’s main sector. It was obviously heading to stock up on atomic bombs first.

“Head, can you tell me, how much explosives is going in?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask.

“Due to the lack of time, we are going with 150 megatons.” Hong said, “During the Great Nirvana, there was no space to test such a large amount. When the time comes and it explodes, even if it’s night, even China would be able to see a little sun illuminate the darkness.”

150 megatons?

Luo Feng nodded his head, this was humanity’s last weapon, it might actually help mutate and evolve a large amount of the creatures…

However, they couldn’t care anymore, to have to deal with emperor class monsters was actually a good thing, they couldn’t compare at all to the swallowing monster.

“Luo Feng, archeological ruin #12 is in the Pacific ocean, not far from Hawaii and that group of islands, from here to the destination is 8000 km. You can only rely on the soaring shuttle now to fly… estimating a speed of 5000 meters per second, you require 1600, your speed exceeds 5000m per sec, it will be about 25 minutes to get there.” Babata said.

“Ok.”

“Let’s go.”

Luo Feng didn’t hesitate, jumping on the soaring shuttle and becoming a beam of light, swiftly heading towards the pacific ocean and Hawaii.

Europe, China, Russia all teamed up. Europe gave three atomic bombs, China gave five, Russia gave eight. The dojo of Limits gave two. These 18 atomic bombs were separated into 18 triangular battleships, one of which was Luo Feng’s.

And the 150 megaton hydrogen bomb and the atomic bomb used to detonate it, were contributed by Russia!

As time was critical, during the rush to find the warheads, they realized…

Russia, one of the five great countries could actually produce a perverted plaything with a yield of 150 megatons, and in humanity’s crisis, Russia would definitely not hide it anymore. They actually just took out this huge thing! They placed it within Hong’s prehistoric level auto jet and flew it towards north Asia’s district.

……

With 18 other cannon fodder, there were a total of 19 triangular battleships! They came in different colors, some were red, blue, black etc.

Within in was Hong’s higher level ship, one heaven and earth level ship, four emperor level ships, and thirteen other limit level ships. These thirteen ships may be weaker, but they could go into autopilot mode too! All 19 were unmanned! Just from appearances wise these 19 ships hardly had any differences.

……

“We must succeed.”

“We must succeed.”

America, Russia, Europe, China, India, twenty three headquarter cities, HR Alliance, the whole world’s elite were relying on the satellites, watching as the 19 battleships flew. The 19 were separate, some were in front while some flew in the back!

……

Night, the pacific ocean, Luo Feng had become a beam of light after riding the soaring shuttle and swiftly flying towards the group of islands around Hawaii.

Luo Feng had the ability to control 19 weapons separately, while rushing there, he was watching his watch and multitasking. This itself was definitely nothing to him!

“The 1st ship! Luo Feng was watching through his communicator watch.

On the screen.

A black triangular battleship was swiftly flying towards northern asia, where the swallowing beast was in the wilderness destroying a base.

……

North Asia.

The black beast which was over 180m long, its claws waved and it flew swiftly into the sky above, its golden pupils ice cold. They were brutal and savage! The golden horned beast, was the most fearsome of all the space beasts, it’s bloodline itself contained savagery and was tyrannical!

Suddenly, it stopped and floated.

It had noticed a little speck of something flying towards it. Perhaps it couldn’t keep up from behind. However with the satellites tracking, and coming on from the front, it had the chance to clash!

“Wu!” The gold horned beast waved its right claw!

“Boom!

The 1st triangular battleship, was one of the emperor level battleship cannon fodder. Following the AI system’s order, it would explode the moment the swallowing monster began to attack, regardless of the distance!

“Rumble!!!”

The moment the emperor class battleship exploded, the 20 thousand ton yield atomic bomb too exploded!

……

On Luo Feng’s communicator watch screen, all that could be seen was a little sun that illuminated the dark night, stirring the far away swallowing monster. The mushroom cloud rose up and the ripples of shock waves rushed in all directions just like water rippling, brightness.

With just a breath, the swallowing beast was over 100km away.

There were no signs of damage on it’s body.

A 20 thousand ton yield atomic bomb exploding a few 100 meters away was nothing than a breeze to the swallowing beast.

“The 2nd ship is coming.” According to the screen, the 2nd battleship was flying over.

……

Eighteen cannon fodder atomic bomb ships, all with about 15 thousand to 60 thousand tons of explosive power. If a 20 thousand ton yield atomic bomb was to explode in a city, from the center out, a few hundred meters would be laid waste, and two to three thousand meters out would be covered in damage and glass and debris, a city with a population of a few hundred thousand would lose a hundred thousand.

With this kind of power, detonating it here with an area of over 10 million square kms of uninhabited land was ideal and wouldn’t affect humanity.

“The 2nd ship, it didn’t attack the 2nd ship from the distance!”

“That’s great.”

……

Mid air, night.

The gold horned beast opened its huge wings, the explosion from before piqued it’s interest, the 2nd ship was only 50m away from it before it used its claw to attack!

Rumble!

Another little sun had ignited in the wilderness, a mushroom cloud rose into the sky!

“Wu.” The gold horned beast felt the explosion on its claws and thought it was rather comfortable, and according to this ancient memories, the moment it stepped into the star level, this planet had nothing that could damage it. This was the reason it only surfaced after reaching the star level!

……

The 3rd atomic bomb, the 4th atomic bomb…

One after another, little suns illuminated the night sky!

One after another, mushroom clouds rose up!

The bombs were just like fireworks in the Northern Asian region, exploding one after another!

Explosion! Explosion! Explosion!

The entire Earth’s elite watched anxiously as each ship attacked. Even Luo Feng, who was flying above the sea, Hong who was in the Dojo of Limits and Thunder God were all nervous to the point their palms were sweaty! Because…the main meal that was mixed amongst the cannon fodder was about to make its entrance!


Chapter 240: Earth Shattering

Eighteen decoys and one plane carrying the hydrogen bomb. As of now, nine consecutive planes have exploded with their atomic bombs!

The tenth plane!

In this moment, all the star traveller level fighters and the the higher ups of China, America, Russia, and the other countries were watching the direct satellite broadcast. All of their hearts were hanging! Because according to the plan….. the real one would be one of the planes in the range of the tenth to fourteenth.

Night.

The golden horned beast lightly waved its scaled wings as it swiftly flew forward. A bit of excitement could be seen in its dark golden eyes. The heat, particle flow, etc. resulting from the consecutive explosions of the atomic bombs caused the portions of its body that came into contact with the atomic bombs to go a bit numb.

And it realized!

This stimulation to its body caused its body to grow faster! For example, when someone trains their muscles, they need to burden them to a certain extent to make them grow faster. As for this golden horned beast, after living in the ocean for such a long time, it never felt threatened before, so it grew normally.

This bit of stimulation…..

Proved quite beneficial!

“WU!” the golden horned beast saw another triangular fighter jet approach from the distance and let out a joyful cry.

“Whoosh!”

The fighter jet was as fast as lightning!

“WU!” the golden horned beast happily shook its powerful tail that was covered in scales. Its tale was extremely fast, way faster than the speed at which the fighter jet was flying at!

“RUMBLE~~”

When its tail came in contact with the fighter jet, the atomic bomb exploded! An atomic bomb with a yield of 30,000 tons exploded right on its tail. An explosive energy exploded, forming a bright ‘sun’ that covered the golden horned beast’s entire body! The shockwave swiftly spread out in every direction, and the ground shook like a wave…..

Pacific ocean. A human image was flying a few hundred meters above the ocean like an extremely fast stream of light.

“Luo Feng, your fighter jet is gone”

Babata’s voice sounded in his mind. Luo Feng was staring at his tactical communications watch on his wrist, “If it’s gone, then it’s gone. Watch the 11th plane” Luo Feng stared as the display of the tactical communications watch switched to the 11th fighter jet– a blood red colored triangular fighter jet!

“It’s the head, Hong’s!” Luo Feng’s heart started pounding.

“Luo Feng, let me remind you that you’ve already arrived above the location of archaeological ruin #12” Babata’s voice rang.

Whoosh!

Luo Feng swiftly accelerated, and then stopped above the ocean.

“Let’s wait a bit before going down” Luo Feng stared at the display, “This 11th time, is the real one!”

“If a 150 megaton bomb explodes right on the surface of a ‘golden horned beast’ that just stepped into the star level… hard to say. Since I’ve never heard of anyone actually doing something like this before” Babata was quite excited. Unlike him, Luo Feng was filled with nervousness and expectation.

Not just Luo Feng!

In this moment, Hong, Thunder God, other peak fighters, the leaders of all the countries, the higher ups of the military, etc. were all watching nervously. The 11th plane! This is the real one!

Success!

And humanity will be able to survive this disaster!

And if it fails…..

Then humanity will fall into a nightmare! A nightmare far more horrifying than the Grand Nirvana period!!!

…..

America, main headquarters.

The black skinned president was currently together with his cabinet members as they watched the display in front of them! The president was even grasping on to his daughter’s hand, tightly grasping!

“Dad, it will succeed, it will succeed” said his daughter.

“It will definitely succeed, it definitely will” the black skinned president held his breath completely.

The entire room could feel the pressure.

All of the people in there watched the blood red colored fighter jet on the display….. which was swiftly flying towards the golden horned beast.

…..

China, wilderness.

A large number of troops were moving on the ground and a disc shaped fighter jet was patrolling in the air above. This was the forward military base that just retreated in the southeastern military sector.

In the fighter jet.

Commander Li Da Wei was currently staring at his tactical communications watch.

“It will definitely succeed.”

“It definitely will,” repeated Li Da Wei to himself silently. His gaze was sucked to the watch’s display like a magnet as sweat appeared on his forehead. His entire body couldn’t help but to slightly tremble.

…..

At this moment, Russia, India, EU, and the 23 headquarter cities were all watching this same scene at the same time! Everybody prayed to themselves in their heart…… in front of a disaster like this, even crazy people and people filled with ambition and evil were praying for success.

“Still 30 more seconds until contact with the swallowing beast”

Hong and Thunder God watched the display in front of them as the AI’s voice reverberated in the room.

“23 seconds!”

“22 seconds!”

In the countdown, Hong and Thunder God’s gaze were like blades, as if they were going to cut open the display in front of their eyes.

“10, 9, 8, 7, 6…..”

…..

Northern part of Asia.

Its entire body was as black as ink and its single golden horn that had golden engravings on it seemed to pierce towards the sky. When the golden horned beast was flying, it comfortably shook its tail twice.

So comfortable!

Its tail went a bit numb after coming into contact with the atomic bomb. At the same time, its tail started to absorb its metallic power within.

“WU!”

The swallowing beast discovered the 11th triangular fighter jet, which was a blood red colored fighter jet! The swallowing beast immediately let out a joyful cry that shook the sky and earth. Even though….. the ‘golden horned beast’ has a long history, this one has only been born for a few short years. As of now, it can only count as a child.

The swallowing beast spread out its scaled wings! And then it flew forward!

Its scaled stomach was preparing to come into contact with the plane. It will definitely be comfortable for its stomach to go a bit ‘numb’.

“Succeed!

“It definitely must succeed!”

“KILL IT!”

“God, protect humanity!”

“Please succeed!”

As of now, the higher ups and elites of the world were all extremely nervous. Luo Feng, Hong, and the others were so nervous that they didn’t even dare to breathe! When they saw that the swallowing beast was going to use its stomach instead of its tail or claws to ‘come into contact’ with the hydrogen bomb, an unsuppressable excitement rose in everyone’s hearts!

“2!”

“1!”

The final countdown rang in Hong’s room in the Dojo of Limits headquarters.

Time seemed to be frozen in this moment!

The skin on the golden horned beast’s stomach collided with the ‘blood red colored fighter jet’ with alarming speed. And around 10 meters before they collided, the atomic bomb in the blood red colored auto jet already exploded! The explosion of the atomic bomb triggered the explosion of the–hydrogen bomb with a ‘150 megaton yield’! Humanity’s most threatening weapon!

The fighter jet self destructed!

The hydrogen bomb exploded!

When faced with this explosion which was who knows how many times more powerful than the previous ones, the golden horned beast immediately retreated off of instinct! Clearly, it sensed danger.

However…..

The hydrogen bomb exploded right in front of its stomach. How could it hope to retreat in time?

“BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!”

It blew up!

In this moment, the screens that Luo Feng and the others were watching instantly became white!

…..

China, Jiang-Nan headquarter city main city sector.

The lights on the street were shining in the night.

“Look!”

“To the north!”

“So bright!”

To the horizon in the north appeared a sun in the sky! This sun had an unrivaled brightness! This caused many people on the street to freeze.

“How could there be a sun late into the night?”

“Holy”

Quite a few people excitedly made phone calls to tell their family and friends. Some people even prepared to record this on their phones!

“No signal on my phone”

“What’s going on! How come I disconnected!” in a cybercafe to the side, a few teenagers rushed out.

“Wow, there’s a sun in the night!”

“It’s a nuclear bomb, a nuclear bomb, it definitely is a nuclear bomb”

The streets went into an uproar.

In this moment, all of China, all of Russia, and all of the EU saw this shining sun! The gigantic mushroom cloud caused one to gape at it with their eyes wide. And….. over half of the world’s communication lines were cut off. In China, EU, and Russia, only the higher ups with special connection lines were still able to communicate.

Silence!

Leaders from every country, the higher ups from the military, and every star traveller level fighter was staring at their display. The display wasn’t so glaring anymore. It’s just that….. the smoke was rumbling and the gigantic mushroom cloud charged to a height 100 km above the ground as it entered the ionosphere.

The number of monsters that instantly died in the northern part of Asia reached an astronomical number!

Large numbers of monsters were instantly vaporized into nothing by the high temperature, and even more were directly killed by the powerful shockwave!

…..

“Did it work?”

Above the Pacific ocean, Luo Feng stepped on his soaring shuttle as he stared at his tactical communications watch nervously. All of the higher ups on earth were watching and waiting nervously…..

As if they were waiting for the declaration.

The declaration as to whether all of humanity lives or dies!

Northern part of Asia.

A golden flowing light ferociously charged out of the rumbling smoke, and then stopped flying.

Black scales covered its entire body. The scales that extended from its neck and back to its tail had golden engravings on them, as if it was wearing black and gold armor! Its head was still held up high, and its golden horn was still as sharp as usual! However….. a gigantic wound that was over 10 meters wide appeared on its abdomen. Blood was flowing from it. Its large and powerful muscles could be seen entangling each other like tree branches as it self repaired!

“WU!!!”

The golden horned beast let out a roar of anger! Something as majestic as it was actually injured on this planet!!!

…..

China’s Kyoto headquarter city, main headquarters.

After seeing the swallowing beast raise its head and roar with anger and the wound on its abdomen on the display, everyone froze.

“This, this–”

A gray haired old man widened his eyes, his face filled with nervousness, surprise, anger, and dissatisfaction, “PU–”

He immediately spit out a mouthful of fresh blood and then collapsed onto the ground.

“Head” someone immediately went to support him.

However, all the other leaders either were trembling, had pale white faces on, or were filled with disbelief.

“No, this can’t be” Jia Yi in a chinese suit stared at the display.

…..

Despair!

In this moment, a very small amount of higher ups on Earth directly died of stroke. Some of them had heart attacks. All the other higher ups were completely filled with anger and disbelief! They couldn’t accept this! In this moment, no matter the skin or ethnicity, all of them felt the same despair and disbelief!

The golden horned beast was alive!

Which basically declared for the humans on Earth–death!


Chapter 241: Archeological Ruins No. 12

Luo Feng grit his teeth as he stared at his watch communicator, his eyes blood red, his fist clenched so hard you could hear his bones grinding, the veins popping out from the back of his hand.

“If it was a human star level 1, a 1.5 hundred million tons of explosives would kill him immediately. The golden horned beast really lives up to its elite bloodline of the space beast. Be it defense or offense, they all have the metallic properties of a devouring beast.” Babata was feeling proud for the space beast.

Metal properties, were naturally stronger in defense.

Not too mention a devouring metal type, one that swallows metal to grow, its defense was just absurd.

“Don’t say anymore.” Luo Feng raged.

Within the wrist cuff virtual space, Babata, who was lying on the sofa was just about to continue singing the beast’s praises, discussing the golden horn beast. However, Luo Feng’s cold remark totally cut him off.

“You actually dare to chide me, demon Babata.” Babata bared his teeth, revealing his fangs, before muttering apprehensively, “I’m the great demon Babata! Back then, I’ve killed countless sector lords, to actually be chided by…this punk, who’s on the verge of insanity from mourning. Forget it, I’ll be the bigger man and forgive him.” Babata understood the logic behind Luo Feng’s pain.

However, he himself was unable to experience it, after following the Yun Mo Planet’s master for over tens of thousands of eras, seeing one planet and its race get destroyed was an all too familiar sight.

That was why he felt nothing.

But he knew…Luo Feng was on the brink of losing his mind! It was safe to assume that the Earth’s elite were all on the verge of hysteria, trying their best to suppress their madness.

Luo Feng couldn’t care too much, he immediately called his family.

“Little Feng, we just saw the northern side light up very brightly, almost like a sun, your little brother said this was from a hydrogen bomb, what exactly has happened…” Luo Hong Guo just spoke before Luo Feng said immediately: “Dad, mom, all of you should immediately head to the 2nd floor and into the gravity room! If you want to know what’s going on outside, bring my Taiwanese notebook and go onto the internet to check it out. All the other computers right now shouldn’t be able to enter the web anymore Remember, if I do not return, you all shouldn’t come out from that room.”

“Ok, ok.”

His family could feel the sense of urgency and desperation of the situation.

Yet they didn’t know…just how serious the entire thing was!

After hanging up the phone, Luo Feng lowered his head to look into the dark endless ocean: “The only hope now, is to find a weapon capable of killing the golden horn beast within one of the three dangers, archeological ruin no.12.”

“Down!”

Luo Feng’s gaze was like an ice cold sharp blade, stepping on the soaring shuttle, with an aura about him, he rushed straight into the ocean…

……

Darkness within the ocean from night, ripples about, endless and vast.

A beam of light shot straight into the water, rushing straight downwards!

“Luo Feng, the distance between the surface to the seabed is about 5100m. And archeological ruin no 12 is below the seabed by 3300m.” Babata said.

“Understood.”

With Babata’s instructions, even though he was surrounded by seawater, Luo Feng’s path remained clear and straightforward.

This serene waters had a large amount of sea creatures! With a large number of sea creatures actually following the rivers and attacking inland, yet…there still only made up a small portion of the sea creatures. Afterall, there were just too many, too many sea creatures!

One must know, Man’s strength was above that of the dry land monsters, but why does Hong still have to enter into negotiations with them? And not just kill all of them?

This because…

The land creatures had some emperor class monsters, but no grand emperors. However, with the entire population of human warriors only hitting up to 1 million, an outbreak of a level 3 tide mouse alone usually ranged up to the hundreds of millions! A level one outbreak usually ranged in the 100s of millions! If the land creatures were to forcefully go against humans, their numbers and strength would be too much, one nest alone had quite a number, humans couldn’t compete.

No matter how strong Hong was, would he be able to kill the countless number of monsters on earth? That’s why they maintained peace!

The land creatures forced humanity into this…

Be it in numbers, or variety, the land creatures were much less than the sea creatures, even if they blocked all of the rivers, it would only mean a small portion of their population was blocked.

……

Heading downwards, Luo Feng saw a large number of sea creatures.

“Heng!”

Luo Feng, who had become a beam of light, had killed all the sea creatures within a 100m, fresh blood stained the ocean around.

Kill!

It was totally convenient to kill, Luo Feng’s rage, pain and sense of injustice led to him killing all these sea creatures to vent of the steam! Also, Luo Feng could imagine…what would happen if the countless sea creatures had rushed inland through the rivers, attacking the bases, killing countless humans.

“Sea bed!” Luo Feng had reached the bottom, the place was uneven, almost like a mountain range.

5000m deep, the sea’s pressure was terrifying, but Luo Feng’s cloud contact armor had greatly reduced it. It reduces damage, helps in defense, his cloud contact vine far exceeded the capabilities of a black god set. Especially the first feeding, had helped the cloud contact vine evolve greatly.

“3300m below.”

Luo Feng swiftly head downwards!

Breaking past the rock layers on the seabed, constantly drilling downwards…

“Babata, for such a secret place, how did Earth’s countries first discover it?” Luo Feng asked as he pushed downwards.

“Just relying on Earth’s apparatus would be impossible. They relied on the apparatus found in some interstellar ship remains to search the entire planet.” Babata said, Other than something like me, who’s able to actively disguise signals and separate them, making you all unable to detect, every other ruin has probably been discovered already.”

“Luo Feng, we’ve reached.” Babata said.

Luo Feng immediately slowed down.

Peng!

Breaking through the rock stratum, he bumped into something hard, causing his whole body to tremble.

“Battle ship remains?” Luo Feng used his spirit energy to search the place, immediately spreading 500m wide, getting a rough image of the entire structure…This was an extremely large battleship, and Luo Feng’s spirit energy could only check and survey a small portion of it. On observation…

Luo Feng could feel, it was bigger than the Dojo of Limit’s headquarters by a little.

After swiftly breaking the rocks around, he immediately drilled into a hole from the already damaged ship.

“Chi chi, Luo Feng, we’ve come to the right place! We’ve come to the right place!” Babata was excited.

“What’s up?”

Luo Feng realized too, the walkway within the ship was made with an alloy, one that was already rusted and corroded from time.

“This is a mothership from an interstellar fleet.” Babata said, “that means, it is the leading commanding ship of the entire fleet.”

“Mothership?” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up.

“I initially suspected it was a mothership, otherwise, normal ships cannot be called a danger at all.” Babata said, “This mothership, is about 16000m long, 3200m wide, 800m tall. While it’s not the biggest battleship in the fleet, it’s defensive capabilities are the strongest, its offensive capabilities are also one of the strongest.”

Luo Feng too was getting excited: “Where are the weapons? Where’s the danger?”

The mothership’s entire body was the real archeological ruin no.12, the real danger, was within the ship’s secret cabin.

“Hold on, let me search.”

Babata too had his own methods of searching, he swiftly scanned the entire mothership carefully.

“Luo Feng! Because of the damage, this mothership has no defense abilities. The weapons within has all been taken down, those that weren’t have already corroded or rusted. It doesn’t have any security.” Babata said, “Right now, the hope is within this archeological ruin 12. You just have to follow down this path and walk straight…”

The core of archeological ruin no. 12 was one of the mothership’s secret cabins.

……

While walking within the enormous ship’s remains.

“Luo Feng, all of the countries’ leaders have gathered in the wargod palace meeting room.” Babata suddenly said.

Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat.

Earth was currently in a predicament it had never faced before, even the strongest weapon, the hydrogen bomb has been used. And after that one time, the golden horn beast would never let humanity get another chance again.

“They decided, the military will be taking over the countries, they are beginning the survival plan.” Babata said.

“What?”

Luo Feng’s expression changed.

The military, represented the bases and markets’ stock exchange, markets etc, almost everything! Wherever people lived, what they did, ate, this were all governed by the military! Even rations were determined by them! Where they lived, when to evacuate were all according to their plans!

To enable the military this way, the situation was obviously at its most dire!

Regarding the survival project…it was obvious the countries had all assumed the battle was lost, now the only battle was to see how many survivors they could get. One could only imagine how many people would be lost in this battle…the number of survivors would definitely be very little. Even if they survived, they would still be danger.

“Hurry, let’s find the strongest weapon and kill that golden horned beast.” Luo Feng continued heading to the reputed archeological ruin no. 12.

A moment later…

In a secret enormous cabin, a disc shaped spaceship about 100m wide was parked, its entire body was black. Even though it was parked there for unknown tens of thousands of years, its body had corroded very little. A dragon with two wings was engraved on its body.

“Archeological ruin 12 represents this ship, just this one?” Luo Feng raised his head from below to survey the ship.

The various countries have all been wracking their brains over these many years to get into this black disc shaped spaceship.

That was because many have died from entering this ship.

Even representative warriors have died in here! Till today, it remains undamaged!

“Haha, so it’s this, it’s actually this!”

“Back then, the master destroyed an interstellar fleet, it looks like this mothership was one of them, and within it was probably a prominent figure. They could actually afford a Black Dragon Mountain, X81 model spaceship. It’s no wonder no one on earth has entered it, this X81 spaceship, is a reputable ship known for taking risks and dangers within the Black Dragon Mountain Empire.” Babata was extremely excited.

Luo Feng knew…

The Black Dragon Empire, it was the empire that controlled the black dragon mountain starfield, even the Silverblue Empire was one of its 500 vassal states.

“Luo Feng, there’s hope! This X81 spaceship’s construction cost is more than the entire mothership. The weapons that are fitted in the X81, have the powers to even kill a star level 7 or 8 creature!” Babata was extremely excited, “Who would’ve thought, that this mothership actually had someone capable of buying an X81.”


Chapter 242: Hercules Jack

“There’s hope of even killing a star level 7 or 8?” Luo Feng was shocked.

He had learned much from his time spent in the virtual space over the year.

He also understood more…a universe level fighter could go up against an interstellar fleet without any weapons! A star level 7 or 8 was at least a 100 times stronger than a star level 1, it was extremely close to the universe level! It was one of the top warriors in the universe, even an interstellar fleet would have problems killing one, much less a scout ship.

“This is a black dragon mountain…X81 ship!”

Babata said, “There are 8000 over galaxies in the black dragon mountain starfield, countless planets. These are considered very good scout ships, they are mostly used by universe level fighters or those with wealth and reputation. Only these people can afford them. A ship used by universe level fighters that comes with weapons capable of killing star level 7 or 8 fighters, what’s strange about that? Also, all I’m saying is there’s hope and a chance, powerful fighters would not stand there stupidly or put themselves at such risks!”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but carefully analyze the ship in front of him

Pure black, disc shaped.

“Hehe, with this X81, I demon Babata won’t have to work that hard to build a ship from scratch. As long as I can hack into the X81’s AI system and take over the control systems. Then I’ll do some modifications on this X81 scout ship. Luo Feng, once that’s done you’ll be able to ride it and have adventures in the universe.” Babata was excited.

Building from scratch couldn’t compare to the convenience of just getting one immediately.

“Ok.” Luo Feng nodded his head.

“Also Luo Feng, even if I build a ship, it won’t be better than this, its craftsmanship is good, and its foundation material used to build the entire ship is a metal called black yttrium! The lousy remains that you gave me could never come close to this metal black yttrium. You can’t get anywhere without the proper equipment, no matter how good I am, with such lousy materials, all I can build is a normal universe ship, it can never be better than this.”

“This X81, with the black yttrium metal, even universe level fighters have to use a large amount of effort to break through.” Babata praised it, “Normal universe level fighters normally ride ships of this grade. They normally wouldn’t bear to buy anything even more expensive than this.”

Luo Feng nodded.

This ship, was a universe warrior’s standard for ships, the Yun Mo Planet ship, was for a champion amongst the undying, the master of the Yun Mo Planet.

It was a pity…

That it was broken.

If it wasn’t broken, riding the Yun Mo Planet ship, with just a straight rush, it’d cut through the golden horned beast! It was after all a terrifying ship capable of cutting through planets.

“Luo Feng, controlling this ship would be very difficult.” Babata said, “Earth’s countries have risked so much just for this X81 scout ship, they’ve lose countless lives, without even being able to enter the cockpit door.”

“Babata, how do we get in?” Luo Feng asked.

Following the document Hong gave him…

The toughest part of the archeological ruin no,12 was the entrance route, once the cabin door was open, there was only one path to follow! At the end of the path was the cockpit door. Yet, many of the various countries elites have all died just in that path, to open the cockpit door was something even Hong or Thunder God couldn’t do.

“The construction details of the X81, I’m very familiar with it!”

Within the virtual space, Babata was was wearing a black robe, he lifted his head, “After opening the main door, the main and only path is a laser path! The lasers shot out in this path can easily kill even a star traveller level 5 or 6. Earth’s representatives, star traveller level 1 or 2, would still die even if their black god sets mitigate some of the damage. Only Hong or Thunder God, with the black god sets might stand a chance.”

Luo Feng listened carefully.

“The lasers are very powerful weapons. If you humans on Earth carefully researched lasers more, you might have better results.” Babata assessed.

“Very powerful?” Luo Feng hardly heard Babata praise something like that.

“Of course it’s powerful!”

Babata continued, “Logically speaking, the more light is concentrated in one point, the stronger it gets, this means it’s power can constantly increase…Theoretically speaking, the laser’s power can rise indefinitely! Of course there are many difficulties doing this in reality. However, the laser weapons from the higher civilizations in the universe are weapons that even sector lords have to be careful of.”

“Of course, the lasers in this path aren’t of that level.” Babata said, “All you have to do now is to rush past the laser path and open that cockpit door!”

“Once you pass the laser path, we can get in from there.”

“Opening the cockpit door won’t be easy! Your Head Hong and that so called Thunder God, honestly speaking, Thunder God, that name irks me.” Within the wrist cuff’s virtual space, Babata snorted, “The two of them do not have the means to open the door! This cockpit door, to lift it up, requires a star level 3 or 4 warrior to open.

“Star level 3 or 4 warrior?” Luo Feng shook his head.

He definitely wouldn’t be able to lift it.

The difference was too huge.

“Can we just break through it? With the knife shard.” Luo Feng asked.

“The door’s material is black yttrium metal, you think you can break though? I just said, even universe fighters would have to use a large amount of effort. The hybrid copper essence shard may be powerful, but with your power…” Babata said, “Ok, that’s it, all you have to do…is to put this plaything and wedge it in the groove below the cockpit door.”

A strange tool appeared in front of Luo Feng.

At first glance, it looked something like an axe, the edge of the blade was extremely thin, also, this tool was about 3m long, 1m wide.

“You just have to use that thin side and wedge it between the door and the ground in the groove, That’ll do it.” Babta said.

“Ok.”

Luo Feng’s channeled his thoughts, immediately, the cloud contact vine leaves extended, becoming an armor that protected Luo Feng’s entire body.

Following the dust filled ground, walking towards the ship.

“Cabin door!”

Luo Feng floated at the cabin door, both hands grabbing the cracks of the door, pushing forcefully, “Open!!!”

Hua La!

The cabin door was opened, what appeared was a pathway that was about 30m long, both walls on the sides had little clusters of holes, not glass items and such as what Luo Feng had imagined.

“Laser path eh?” Luo Feng took a deep breath, the soaring shuttle had transformed into the mountain bulwark, protecting his body.

Sou!

He fiercely rushed forward!

“Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!…

Immediately, beams of white light lit up the entire pathway, some of the lasers, as though they had sensed Luo Feng, the holes in the walls adjusted and bent accordingly, shooting directly at Luo Feng.

The speed of the lasers…300 thousand kilometers per second!

Even the golden horned beast wouldn’t be able to dodge it, much less Luo feng.

“Rumble!”

A portion of laser hit the mountain bulwark, and that smashed into Luo Feng’s body! More lasers began to hit Luo feng’s body directly, at the same time, over 10 beams hit him!

Within the pathway.

Luo Feng, who originally rushed in, used an even faster speed as he got shot to fly back out.

……

On the ground, Luo Feng was rubbing the ground for a few dozen meters, before punching the metal wall of the mother ship.

“Luo Feng, what are you doing?” Babata couldn’t help but shout.

“Rush in and wedge this tool between the ground and the door, wasn’t that what you said?” Luo Feng massaged his chest, “If I don’t rush in, don’t tell me I can just use my spirit energy to control this tool? I’m just afraid the moment it goes in, it’ll be destroyed by the lasers.”

Luo Feng had full faith in the cloud contact vine.

The first cultivation helped it evolve extremely quickly, it ate mostly Mu Ya crystals after that too. Currently, the cloud contact vine’s power was at the star traveller level 7 or 8. If the vine were to battle Luo Feng, unless Luo Feng used his hybrid copper essence shard, he wouldn’t be a match.

It was because of the vine’s strong defense that Luo Feng dared to enter.

“No problem, this tool won’t be destroyed so easily.” Babata said, “Just use your spirit energy to control it!”

“That makes it much easier.”

Hearing those words from Babata, Luo Feng didn’t have to worry about the durability of the tool anymore.

Those were, after all, lasers that could kill star travellers.

……

Once more in though the cabin door.

Luo Feng used his spirit energy to control the axe-like tool, nineteen strong threads of energy wrapped around the tool.

Xiu!

The axe became a beam of light!

“Pa!”

A white laser beam hit it, the axe immediately got shot outside.

“It really didn’t break?” Luo Feng’s spirit energy was controlling the axe tool, “The lasers are too fast, what can we do?” Luo Feng glanced around before coming up with a plan.

“Mountain bulwark.”

The soaring shuttle broke into 365 knife blades, swiftly forming the mountain bulwark.

The mountain bulwark covered the top of the axe tool, sticking to the ground.

“Go!” Luo Feng’s gaze was cold.

Xiu!

The mountain bulwark and the axe tool below it moved as quick as lightning, lasers shooting directly at it!

“Gather!” The lasers hit the mountain bulwark.

“Separate!”

The mountain bulwark actually immediately separated into 365 knife blades, with so many knife blades, a large number of the laser beams began directing themselves towards them, and the axe tool on the ground was moving as quick as lighting, sticking to the ground and heading straight in!

Between the yttrium cockpit door and the ground, there was bound to be an extremely small, extremely small gap.

“Chi!”

The axe tool penetrated in with its extremely thin blade.

“Huhuhuhu…”

The axe tool began to emit a weird noise, all that could be seen was the black yttrium cockpit door begin to lift up! Under the door was the axe tool, what was once the extremely thin blade of the axe tool had actually become two levels, the upper level unrelenting in lifting the door! It lifted the whole black yttrium door, this scene made Luo Feng dumbstruck.

“Babata, you said this black yttrium door requires a star level 3 or 4 to lift up.” Luo Feng was amazed.

“Why don’t you look at what I’m using, this is a hercules jack. Oh, with the universe language, it’s called XXX.” Babata said, “It’s similar to Earth’s normal jack. You must know, maintaining a spaceship requires lots of tools. When I was building ships before, I acquired many different tools. This hercules jack is just one of them.”

“Like when a ship gets damaged, or whatever gets stuck. If the warrior cannot move it, what can he do? Use the hercules jack!” Babata said proudly, “This hercules jack’s technical capability is extremely high.”

Luo Feng was amazed.

“Luo Feng, why are you not rushing in yet!” Babata said.

Luo Feng looked towards the end of the laser pathway…

The cockpit door had already been lifted a good 1m, the universe repair tool ‘hercules jack’, was still continuously lifting the door.


Chapter 243: Robots

The black metal pathway was covered in dust, the laser attacks from before only left little marks.

“Huhuhuhu…”

The hercules jack was slowly and steadily raising the door up. In the laser pathway, Luo Feng had covered himself in the cloud contact armor swiftly. From head to toe, he was fully covered! At first glance, he seemed like a blood red statue.

“Charge!”

Luo Feng rushed fiercely in, sticking close to the ground and charging forward! Above him, the soaring shuttle had transformed into the mountain bulwark.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Flashes of laser beams shot directly at the mountain bulwark and Luo Feng! The moment the mountain bulwark was shot, under Luo Feng’s control, it immediately separated into 365 knife blades! With so many knife blades flying around, the laser’s reaction system caught on and began to generate even more lasers, directing them at the blades. Luo Feng too was ‘massaged’ by a couple of shots.

“Gather!” Luo Feng’s entire body was hit by a laser and knocked onto the ground.

The lasers on the side even caused him to slide leftwards!

Within an instant…

Luo Feng had become like a ping pong ball, being shifted around wildly by the shots of lasers. Yet, he was strongly maintaining his spirit energy to guide himself forward. Forward! Forward!

Whoosh!

Luo Feng slid under the power jack, which was lodged into the ground, rushing into the ship.

“I’m finally in!” Luo Feng felt soreness and pain from his entire body.

At the same time, he felt the cloud contact vine’s discomfort, as though it was still reeling from the many shots it took, Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh: “Don’t pretend, it was no big deal, I’ll feed you more when we get back!” The cloud contact armor’s blood red color began shimmer and sparkle, as though it was very excited.

“Shua!” The power jack behind immediately vanished, the cockpit door fell and crashed straight onto the metal floor.

“I’m keeping the hercules jack.” Babata said.

Luo Feng surveyed his surroundings, he was in a spacious straight path: “Babata, now where do we go?”

Luo feng didn’t know what dangers awaited him in that dark path.

“Haha, Luo Feng, you’ve already entered the black dragon mountain X81 ship. Relax, there’s no more danger.” Babata said, “Walk, hurry and head towards the command room, insert the signal device into the ship’s AI system. Only once I’m connected with the ship directly will I be able to hack into the AI’s defenses and control it.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

Suddenly, something similar to a storage card for notebooks appeared, Luo Feng raised his hand to take it.

“Just use the golden side and insert it into the slot. Let’s go, to the command room.” Babata said.

“Lead the way.” Luo Feng thought.

“Left!”

Under Babata’s instructions, Luo Feng swiftly made progress in the Black Dragon ship.

The Black Dragon Mountain X81 ship’s command room.

It was dark and black!

When Luo Feng had slid through the door earlier, the moment he entered the ship…

“Ding!”

The spacious command room lit up. A man dressed in military uniform was sitting calmly in the center of the command room, behind him were three underlings dressed in black standing. This uniformed man and his three underlings, were not moving…the command room’s control display lit up.

“XXXX…” The screen displayed a large number of universe language words.

The translation…

“Human race star traveller spirit reader intrusion!”

“Danger level, weak.”

“Measures…exterminate!”

……

Within the black dragon mountain X81 ship’s lower levels, a closed room suddenly lights up. Within lay three motionless metal robots, these three robots were about 2.1 or 2.2 meters tall, their entire bodies were black, their eyes were red crystals.

Ding!

When the signal from the ship’s main AI system reached over, the three metal robots’ red crystal eyes lit up.

Ka, ka, ka…

The energy capsules with their body began to quickly rotate, at the same time, the doors of that room swung open. The three robots stepped out in an orderly manner and became three beams of light heading through the lower level pathways to the mid level pathways. Luo Feng was currently at the stairs between the mid level and upper levels.

Luo Feng swiftly followed the stairs, to the upper level.

“Luo Feng, there are three metal robots behind flying over to kill you.” Babata said.

Luo Feng was shocked and then hurriedly scurried up, leaving as much distance as possible, his eyes fixed on the stairs in front. Luo Feng’s feet could feel the tremors, those were the tremors of feet hurriedly rushing and catching up: “Babata, didn’t you say…there’d be no more dangers once we entered?”

“This ship has sunk for more than 800 thousand years! It actually, actually still supports its robots, So much so that they are still working, man it’s stubborn.” Babata couldn’t help but say, “This ship’s owner must have collected a large number of power cells in the storage room, that it can maintain its power till today.”

Luo Feng didn’t have the time to discuss with Babata.

That was because…

The metal robots were arriving!

“Rumble!”

A black beam of light, following the stairs, rushed fiercely to the upper level, Luo Feng had seen the metal robots clearly, their entire bodies were made of ferrous metals, its eyes gleaming red! Their fists seemed mismatched, just due to the size, they were too big, like a couple of heavy hammers!

“Break!”

Luo Feng’s soaring shuttle transformed into the mountain drill, during the time the robots were rushing over, the mountain drill lit up with 18 golden light beams, swiftly wrapping around the drill and gathering at the tip!

“Ang…”

The mountain drill brought along with it a fearsome wind and ear piercing sound, swiftly drilling into the chest of one of the robots! At this point, Luo Feng was a level 3 star traveller spirit reader, the soaring shuttle had also reached the 2nd level of the nine stages of the three big states, simultaneously controlling 18 threads of spirit energy!

Even Hong and Thunder God will be damaged from such an attack! “Gather!” The metal robots had flown directly up the stairs and smashed into a wall.

Swish! Swish!

The other two robots below also rushed up.

“Rumble!”

A heavy punch flew right in front of Luo Feng’s face, as the mountain drill had just attacked one robot, it hadn’t had the time to recover and attack a second time.

“Fast.” Luo Feng was secretly shocked, “it’s faster than my flying speed by quite a bit.”

At the same time, a strange whip had appeared in Luo Feng’s right hand, forming a curved line, viciously hitting on the metal robot’s head! “Pa!” Whilst being hit by the whip, the metal robot continued to punch Luo Feng’s body, a large number of vines and leaves appeared on his body, layers on layers to protect him.

Swoosh!

Luo Feng was hit by a fist and flew backwards, during that time, his gaze was cold…a blood red shard appeared before him, this shard was unbelievably sharp!

“Hybrid copper essence shard, cut its head off!”

Immediately, nineteen extremely tough threads of spirit energy, like nineteen tentacles wrapped themselves around the blood red shard, in that moment, it gave off an extremely strong driving force! This made the shard’s speed greatly increase! Also, as it was unbelievably sharp, the air resistance it met with was extremely low. The driving force exceeded the resistance, naturally…

Continuous increase in speed!

“Xiu!”

The blood red shard was shockingly fast, it immediately flew towards the heads of the 3 robots, trying to cut off their heads clean!

“Ka!”

An ear piercing sound, there were actually sparks from the metal robots’ necks, the initially extremely fast hybrid copper essence shard had been deflected away. After receiving that heavy attack, the robots retreated a little. Luo Feng opened his eyes wide, it was clear to see…

The robots’ necks were slightly scratched, there wasn’t even a proper wound.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The three robots became light beams and rushed forward once again, with no feelings or emotions whatsoever in their red crystal eyes.

“Babata, just what are these robots?” shouted Luo Feng in his mind, he didn’t have any more cards up his sleeves, even the hybrid copper essence shard didn’t have any effect. Within Luo Feng’s calculations…relying on the mountain drill, he could even go up against a star traveller level 7 or 8.

However, by relying on the hybrid copper essence shard , something even undying level fighters had trouble damaging, he could perhaps harm a star level 1 fighter. The premise for that was however…that the enemy stood there without moving, letting him attack.

“Babata, what now?” Luo Feng said.

“Don’t worry, don’t worry, I’m working on it.” Babata said.

“You are working?”

Luo Feng couldn’t worry about anything else, he turned in the pathway and ran! However, his speed couldn’t compare to the three metal robots, hence…two long vines grew in Luo Feng’s hands, when he saw that they were approaching, he would whip them! With this, he managed to slow them down!

“No good, I’ve reached a dead end.” Luo Feng’s spirit energy had scanned the place and he realized, there were no more routes in front to run.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng was startled, his spirit energy had realized the three metal robots behind had actually fallen, motionless. Luo Feng turned around…the three black metal robots weren’t moving at all.

“Luo Feng, these three robots are under my control.” Babata said.

“Control?”

Luo Feng was shocked.

“These metal robots, were controlled by the ship’s wireless AI system. Since they were actually wireless signals…as long as the security levels aren’t that high, I can hack into it. When you were fighting them before, I was quickly working on hacking in and now I’ve got total control of the three robots.” Babata was very satisfied with himself, “The robots’ danger levels are actually not that high, it’s just that their entire bodies are metal, these three are all made of black yttrium metal, for you to break them…very difficult.”

Black Yttrium metal!

Even universe level fights have to use a large amount of effort to break it.

“The good points about the metal robots, is that they are extremely durable and you can use strong metals to create them. The weak points however are far too many…for example those three, they didn’t have any intelligence. Hence their attacks were simple. With a little more intelligence, if the three teamed up, while they might have difficulty breaking through the cloud contact vine and killing you, capturing you wouldn’t be difficult.” Babata said, “Alright, on to the command room.”

Luo Feng took a deep breath.

Walking forward, the three metal robots were following behind obediently.

Luo Feng suddenly looked up ahead, it was an exquisite looking silver door.

“We’ve reached the command room.” Babata said.


Chapter 244: Barbaric Destruction

Even after acquiring the three metal robots, Luo Feng wasn’t in the least excited. The only thought plaguing his mind was to acquire a strong enough weapon to kill the golden horned beast.

This concerned the survival of the entire earth’s humanity.

“Creak…”

Luo Feng used quite a bit of strength to push open the silver door. This door hadn’t been open since the time the ship had sunk! The moment Luo Feng opened it, there was a slight convection in the air between the inside and outside, a breeze blew out from the spacious and luxurious command room!

The command room was well lit.

In the center sat a uniformed military personnel, there were three black uniformed bodyguards behind him. Luo Feng was shocked from seeing people inside.

“Hu!”

A breeze blew past.

The soldier sitting in the chair, just like dust, became powder, even his uniform had degraded to powder. It was just like this that his whole body, which had degraded to powder, began to blow off the chair onto the floor little by little. The black uniforms of his three bodyguards behind fell apart from the wind, landing in pieces on the floor, with a few pieces still hanging on their bodies.

At the same time, they revealed their bodies and skin! One of them was a female, Luo Feng even saw her half naked body.

“This, this…”

“Babata, didn’t you say this ship has sunk for more than 800 thousand years, what’s up with these three people? Luo Feng used his spiritual force to sense that the three had no life force, they were clearly dead.

But they hadn’t decayed, were they undying beings?

How was that possible!

“Hehe, the one on the chair. That dead soldier was indeed a prominent figure. These three bodyguards are not actually human, they are a special kind of merchandise called liquid silver guards.” Babata said proudly, “These liquid silver guards, their main material, liquid silver, is even more expensive than the black yttrium. They even have a built in AI system. Normally, they behave just like humans! They can even talk and run errands etc.”

“What’s more, because their body structures are made of liquid silver, their bodies are like water, even if they are attacked by strong opponents, they can easily mitigate the force of impact!”

“That’s why they are extremely good bodyguards!”

“For example, when you encounter an assassination, they can use their entire bodies to block.”

“Even though their attacks aren’t too strong, however when surrounded by them, even universe level warriors would have to use quite a bit of time to break free! They are extremely good bodyguards.” Babata said, “However these liquid silver guards, are different from machines. Liquid silver guards, one, only listen to orders from their master. Two, they require power to maintain their lives, power to them is like their life force.”

“Over 800 thousand years, their energies have been completed depleted.” Babata said, “Even if it wasn’t, the ship’s AI cannot order the liquid silver guards.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Looking at the control board at the side, the screen above it suddenly displayed a jade green haired woman figure, staring at Luo Feng.

“XXX…” The universe language reverberated about the command room.

“Please leave?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but shake his head. Over the last year, under Babata’s guidance, the universe language may have still been difficult to speak, having to constantly translate to mandarin in his head before considering how to answer, but listening wasn’t too big of a problem anymore.

‘Luo Feng, insert the signal device into the control board’s left side, that green entry point.” Babata said, “Don’t bother with the ship’s AI and her rubbish! AI…no matter how intelligent, are nothing but AIs. If they cannot control weapons or anything, then they pose no danger at all. Right now, she is nothing but a stripped naked woman who has been bound and tied up…”

Within the wrist cuff virtual space, Babata sighed and shook his head: “Now, I’m going to ravage her. Gaga,” he revealed his two fangs.

Luo Feng shook his head helplessly.

He immediately inserted the signal device into the green entry point on the board.

“Du…du…du”

An ear-piercing alarm immediately erupted within the command room.

Large numbers of words immediately appeared on the screen.

“Haha, watch me, Luo Feng, this AI’s system is not bad, however, within 30 minutes of hacking, this black dragon ship will be ours!” Babata immediately began focusing on his hacking, the ship’s AI system too naturally began to resist and begin its defense!

“Warning, system under attack.” The universe language resounded.

“Please enter the password within 30 seconds, otherwise, self-destruct will engage.

“30.””29.””28.”……

When that voice sounded.

Luo Feng’s expression changed.

“Damn, self-destruct procedures? Luo Feng, we are in trouble! This ship’s owner is too much of a bastard, he actually programmed the AI to self-destruct when it is attacked?” Babata too was obviously panicking.

“What do we do now? Is there no other way?” Luo Feng asked.

“30 seconds, even the universe’s strongest AI cannot possibly hack into this kind of system within 30 seconds.” Babata was in panic, “I have no clue about the bullshit password. It’s over…I wanted to ravage this AI system, I didn’t expect her to resist to the point of suicide! It’s over, it’s over…” Babata was feeling helpless.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but rage: “Babata, at this point in time, there’s no point in saying these kind of words. Quickly think of a solution, what should we do!”

“Eh…”

Within the wrist cuff virtual space, Babata’s blood red eyes were wide open, he blinked a few times, he knew…Luo Feng was very angry! Indeed Luo Feng was raging within, there was no time to crack jokes with Babata.

The sound reverberated and a countdown appeared on the control screen.

“10””9””8””7”……

Luo Feng was extremely worried.

“There’s no choice.” Within his mind, Babata said with a dejected voice.

“Chi chi…”

Suddenly, the control board gave off an ear piercing sound, large numbers of words began to appear madly on the screen, a large number of the buttons and panels on the control board even began to burst in flames.

“5.””4.”……

The control board’s voice began to grow more obscure and stutter.

“Du…du…du” An ear piercing alarm rang throughout the entire ship, it wasn’t just the control board that was on fire, even the ceiling, a few pathways, and many other places in the ship, began to ring out, fires sprouting out all over.

It was as though it was about to explode!

“Babata, what are you doing?” Luo Feng asked.

“Gather!”

A sound rang out, almost like an explosion had erupted.

The control board’s screen had gone all black, the lights within the command room also went out, shrouded in darkness.

“Luo Feng, I could only do this.” Within his mind, Babata’s voice spoke.

“What did you do?” Luo Feng asked.

“This black mountain dragon X81 ship, was programmed by its master to self destruct if ever there were any external signal devices trying to hack the AI system, unless he/she can key in the password within 30 seconds. And hacking this system within 30 seconds is impossible, so…there was only one solution…using an overflowing amount of current and energy to destroy the AI system!”

“Barbaric destruction, the end result is that the ship’s control system will be damaged, several transmission systems too would be burnt.” Babata said helplessly.

“However, if I didn’t do so, the result would be…the ship would initiate it’s self destruct program and, with a boom, explode!”

“And Luo Feng, you need the ship’s weapon, I could only do this.” Babata explained.

Luo Feng understood immediately.

In the beginning, Babata had wanted to use the soft approach to hack and control the ship’s AI. However, the conditions didn’t allow it! To save the ship from exploding, he could only resort to this.

“Babata, thanks.” Luo Feng said.

……

Within the wrist cuff virtual space.

Dressed in a black robe, a disheartened Babata was obviously upset with his failure. His initial chest pounding and proud demeanor, ended up in a result that couldn’t be considered winning.

“Babata, thanks.” Luo Feng’s voice spoke through.

Babata was startled.

Thanks?

Babata, who was originally disheartened raised his eyebrows and smiled, revealing his cute fangs, laughing: “No need for thanks Luo Feng. Hehe, Aren’t I incredible! Such barbaric destruction also requires power, my abilities as an AI far exceeded hers, within that time span, I overflowed her with power till the point she couldn’t resist and finally collapsed!”

……

Luo Feng turned around to look at the three liquid silver guards and the powder and remnants the military man had left behind.

“Luo Feng, back then, because earth was close and within a 1000 light years, with many races with good potential, the master had made earth part of his territory. Back then, it had belonged to the Silverblue Empire. That’s why…the master displayed his powers, with one spirit energy attack, he attacked an enormous interstellar fleet, causing the soldiers’ souls to be annihilated, the fleets falling onto the various planets.” Babata said. “This particular black dragon ship’s master, should have been a prominent figure from that fleet.

To be able to afford a black dragon mountain X81, along with the liquid silver guards, within the milky way, he’s considered to have status and rank.” Babata assessed, “His remnants should be good, take it.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Also, those liquid silver guards may have depleted their energy; I wonder if my reserve energy crystals are compatible. Hm, I’ll keep those three liquid silver guards, fix them a little and see if they still be used.” Babata said, at the same time, the three half naked liquid silver guards vanished.

Luo Feng’s thoughts moved.

The dead military man’s ring, weapon and other remnants were kept away.

……

Once again using the Power jack to jack up the door, casually walking out the laser pathway and out of the ship.

“Babata, when can the weapons on this ship be ready? Luo Feng asked.

This black dragon ship’s AI System and control systems have been damaged, but the weapons and others are undamaged. However, over 100 thousand years, even if this ship had the three robots maintaining it, I estimate the weapons should still have several small problems. Relax, I’ve checked through, to build a weapon capable of killing a star level 6 or 7, is still possible. Time however…I’m not sure, about one or two days.”

Hu!

The black disc shaped ship instantly vanished.

“I’ll be keeping this ship and beginning on the the weapons repair.” Babata said.

“Ok, sorry to trouble you, Babata.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but say.

“Hehe, no problem, no problem.” Babata said, “Oh, right, when we head out, I’ll also store the mother ship’s remains.”

The mother ship’s body, was much much bigger than the X81.

Babata’s storage space, was indeed much much bigger than Luo Feng’s storage ring.

“Whoosh!”

Luo Feng swiftly followed the pathways within the mothership, his family constantly on his mind. He didn’t even know what was going on with the various countries and the situation with the devouring monster, just how bad it had gotten. After receiving the hydrogen bomb attack, what would the angered golden horned beast do?

Luo Feng was extremely uneasy and worried!

With his greatest speed, he swiftly left the sea bed and came out on the surface. Stepping onto the soaring shuttle, becoming a beam of light and swiftly heading towards Asia’s mainland China…


Chapter 245: The Rampaging Swallowing Beast

Madness enveloped Yang Zhou, one of Jiang Nan Base’s eight large districts. Painful screams of agony and anguish filled the skies, several skyscrapers had been demolished into halves, some bursting with flames, it was as though the city was experiencing an apocalypse.

A small district under the moonlight.

A disc shaped battleship had landed in a grass patch, three special forces military personnel stepped out, almost like a breeze of wind, swiftly rushing into Luo Feng’s house.

Deng deng deng!

The three men swiftly rushed up to Luo Feng’s second story.

Up there, within the gravity room were beds, sofas, and computers.

Luo Feng’s parents Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan, his younger brother Luo Hua and his girlfriend Zhen Nan and her parents, and Xu Xin! All of them were staying within the gravity room, it was a good thing the room was 6m wide, spacious enough for a group of people to stay. Zhen Nan’s parents were called over due to Zhen Nan’s earlier panic by Luo Hua, who thought of them as his future mother and father in laws. “Mr. Luo Hong Guo! Please leave the gravity room, quickly! Staying here isn’t safe for you all.”

“Mr. Luo Hong Guo! Please leave the gravity room, quickly! Staying here isn’t safe for you all.”

The three military personnel standing outside the gravity room, one of them said anxiously, “The ground and the buildings’ foundations may all end up as targets for the swallowing monster. The head has ordered for us to take you Mr Luo and your family! Time is crucial, you’d better hurry.”

“I’ve already told you over the phone, I’m not going.”

“We won’t leave.”

“You all better leave. We’ll wait for my bro to return before leaving.”

Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan and Luo Hua said.

The three men outside were helpless.

Suddenly, the leader of the group’s communicator watch vibrated, he looked, color changing in his face: “Leader’s official’s number.”

Immediately answering.

“Leader, Representative Luo’s family refuses to go.” The leader reported.

“Yes!”

“Yes!”

The personnel stood at attention , quickly ending the call.

“Mr Luo Hong Guo, we’ve just managed to contact Representative Luo, He’ll be here shortly.” The leader said towards the gravity room.

The Luo family within were all extremely excited.

Luo Feng is returning?”

Tonight was indeed a nightmare, they were constantly worrying about Luo Feng within the gravity room.

“Disperse!” The leader waved his hand, the three of them quickly left immediately.

Up in the sky of Yang Zhou.

Within the darkness, a beam of light swiftly pierced through the sky, Luo Feng had donned the cloud contact armor, standing on the soaring shuttle, right hand holding the curved shield. It was a weapon he had acquired from Yun Mo Planet’s dead master who had left it behind for him…arc cutter blade! The arc cutter blade and the soaring shuttle were comparable to each other.

One was for fleeing.

The other was for attacking.

With regards to controlling the spirit weapons and their uses, Luo Feng understood already! Back then when he could only control 18 threads of spirit energy, he attempted to form the mountain drill’s second stage, even with countless tries he still failed! That was due to his control of spirit energy being too crude, too weak.

And after the ‘nine secrets of control’, with steady progress, Luo Feng’s foundation became more and more solid.

These two weapons, after two or three attempts, he managed to use them!

“Luo Feng, why were we unable to contact you earlier?”

“Earlier I had gone to an archeological ruin, the signal there was probably blocked.” While flying, Luo Feng was communicating, “What’s going on?”

“What’s going on? That swallowing monster has gone on a mad rampage after being injured! It’s currently destroying Hua Xia, India and some other bases. It’s basically venting all it’s rage in Asia and beginning to attack the big cities and humanity.” Jia Yi said anxiously, “Also, Yang Zhou has been involved too.”

“What.” Luo Feng panicked.

“The little district of Ming Yue hasn’t been affected yet, the entire city of Yang Zhou has suffered about twelve beams of golden light attacks, it’s pretty serious.” Jia Yi Said.

Luo Feng was even more worried.

It was lucky Yang Zhou wasn’t too far from the east coast, Luo Feng could reach Yang Zhou quickly.

“My god!”

Flying high up in the sky, Luo Feng took a deep breath.

The entire Yang Zhou City was filled with screams of pain and anguish even from far away, close to 10 million people were concentrated in the city, at that time, about twelve places had deep craters, and the surroundings of these twelve places, the skyscrapers were all set ablaze, fires burned in the small districts, large buildings had collapsed, it was almost like the city had been bombed by over a thousand tons of explosives.

These twelve places, had large numbers of military personnel, policemen gathered. It also had survivors crying in pain.

“Bastard.” Luo Feng was raging within.

“Lucky his venting is just like this, he’s spreading it out over the various cities!” Within his mind, Babata’s voice resounded, “If he had focused his rage on just Yang Zhou, he could have easily destroyed the whole city!

Luo Feng understood this!

Shooting out randomly twelve beams of golden light, was a considered a very normal and easy attack for the golden horned beast. Maybe from it’s point of view, this was only a small city, the main district was the big city! Maybe it felt it shouldn’t waste too much energy on a small city.

……

Luo Feng swiftly flew towards Ming Yue district, entering his own home through the 2nd storey window.

Di!

The gravity room’s metal door automatically opened, there were a total of seven people inside.

“Brother.” Luo Hua was the first to rise from his chair in front of the computer.

Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan carefully examined Luo Feng, only relaxing after seeing he had no external wounds. Beside, Zhen Nan’s parents smiled, but it was clear their faces were pale.

“When we entered the gravity room, the door shut and we couldn’t open it no matter what.” Luo Hua said.

“It’s what I programmed.” Luo Feng said.

Compared to a government defense shelter, Luo Feng had more faith in the gravity room’s sturdiness! The gravity room was something even Hong, with his maximum strength, could only leave a small mark on. That golden horned beast…even if a golden beam of light were to hit the room, it wouldn’t damage it at all!

“Xu Xin.”

Luo Feng held up Xu Xin’s hands naturally, they were cold and her face was pale, “Luo Feng, come and see,” she turned the computer’s screen over and Luo feng looked down at it.

The screen displayed a large amount of footage and pictures.

One of the pictures, was the scene of the wreckage of a skyscraper.

“The swallowing monster is rampaging all over the world! It was wreaking havoc earlier here in Asia, now it’s gone to Africa. Look at it’s speed, I estimate it’ll head to Europe soon.” Xu Xin said.

“How many from China have died or been injured?” Luo Feng asked.

“Not clear.” Xu Xin shook her head.

Luo Hua said from beside: “Brother, following a few satellite images and footage, from the six headquarter cities in China, a conservative estimate would be that we lost more than 5 million people!” The moment that was said, everyone’s expression in the gravity room changed immediately, they were obviously in pain and anguish.

“A conservative estimate and its 5 million?” Luo Feng’s heart sank.

Millions of his fellow countrymen.

“The swallowing monster is mostly attacking the main districts, since the population and the population density there is greater. It attacked like crazy…if it just attacked the skyscrapers it would still be ok, since nobody is in those buildings at night. However, when it attacked the residential areas and communities, small districts…” Luo Hua looked at the blurred bodies on the screen and couldn’t continue talking.

Beside, mother Gong Xin Lan, Xu Xin and Zhen Nan couldn’t help but cry.

It was too tragic!

Luo Feng’s face paled.

“Golden horned beast.” His gaze grew ice cold.

However at that point in time, he was still powerless!

The leading bloodline in the universe, the space beast that was the most savage, named the golden horned beast, even though it had only reached the star level, for humanity… it was the end.

From it’s birth to now, this was the first time it had been injured!

It was extremely furious!

That was why, it needed to vent and destroy! Hence, Asia, Africa, Europe and subsequently North and South America. A few bases, it just flew over and casually sent a few beams, ten beams of golden light. However, for a few of the larger cities, it would go all out.

Humans were weak and small, like ants.

And right now, the golden horned beast was like a giant, running from one ant nest to another and stepping on groups and groups of ants.

Humanity was trembling under the golden horned beast’s rage.

Its revenge carried on for over 4 hours.

In South America, a cry of pain, explosion sounds were all mixed in the air. The golden horned beast opened its large scaled wings, it’s chest scales seemed to have recovered fully, without a single mark. It looked down and surveyed the city below, its eyes cold and filled with madness, before it suddenly raised its head!

“Wu…”

Its fearsome roar reverberated around, the air surrounding it all shaking from the sound. It formed an attacking wave that was visible even to the naked eye! It was as though it was declaring that its dignity and position shouldn’t be disrespected!

Xiu!

The golden horned beast swiftly left, flying into the sea, down to the seabed to rest.

That one night…It had destroyed all of humanity’s bases, suffered damage and subsequently rampaged madly! It had indeed used up a large amount of energy, it had grown tired and needed to rest!

Yang Zhou Ming Yue little district, Luo Feng’s house.

The living room’s television was still broadcasting, Hua Xia’s leaders were all announcing to the country.

“My fellow countrymen!”

“Tonight, we feel incomparable sadness and pain. This is a catastrophe for all of humanity, we fight for survival!”

Within a short time, it seemed like all of China’s citizens were watching and listening.

At the same time of the broadcast, large numbers of little screens and footages were being shown. It wasn’t limited to China, all of the other countries on earth were doing it! The citizens on earth all knew…what exactly just happened! A catastrophe, much bigger than the Grand Nivana had come!

At that time…

The citizens who originally had disputes with the army, after watching the large numbers of deaths from both citizens and soldiers, changed. Several youths stepped up one after another to join the army! Large numbers of trained and ready personnel signed up! Large numbers of warriors and fighters began to join the army!

Also…

At the same time of the television’s broadcast, the motherland’s countless rivers, had countless sea creatures rushing inland to kill. All that could be seen was the army battling it out with the monsters. Along with the situations of the other countries.

It was tragic!

Humanity versus the monsters, it was a battle between the races!

“For survival!” Luo Feng watched the television with a heavy heart.

Suddenly, Luo Feng’s watch communicator vibrated and he answered.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng”

“There are twelve emperor level beasts that just flew out from the sea in the eastern region of Yang Zhou city, within them, there are six that are headed towards the south eastern military sector. Please head over there immediately to give support. Please head over there immediately to give support.” Jia Yi’s voice was extremely panicked.


Chapter 246: Beacons of Light

“Received.” Luo Feng replied.

“Luo Feng, at a time like this, I won’t say anymore. Please!” Jia Yi pleaded.

Strength wise, there were only a few fighter on earth capable of killing a group of emperor class monsters. These were Hong, Thunder God, Luo Feng, Mo Henderson and a few others.

Ka.

After hanging up the phone, Luo Feng turned to everyone else in the house, Luo Hong Guo and the others were all looking at him.

“Be careful.” Luo Hong Guo only spoke those two words.

Luo Feng nodded.

With a thought, whoosh! Three pure black metal robots appeared in the room, which shocked everyone in the house.

“xxxx…” Luo Feng gave an order using the common language of the universe.

He ordered one of them to protect his family, the other two to prepare…the moment Yang Zhou city came under attack, they were to go out and assist in the defense!

“xx.” The three metal robots received their orders.

While their AI system’s capabilities were low as they required a very precise order to be given…they were still much better than the battleship’s AI from before.

“Little Feng.”

“Big brother.”

Within the hall, everyone looked shocked at Luo Feng, three robots? Earth did have robots at the time, but they were all clumsy and stupid.

“Dad, all of you should hurry upstairs. Go into the gravity room when it becomes dangerous.” Luo Feng said.

When he was done with the instructions, he didn’t dare waste a minute as he immediately flew out of Ming Yue district!

It had already begun to grow brighter in the day, the entire Yang Zhou city however had already been lit up way before. Large amounts of voluntary personnel youths filled the streets and armies were everywhere.

Up in the sky.

Luo Feng was on the soaring shuttle swiftly flying towards the east.

“It’s a pity those three robots were only repair and maintenance robots on that ship.” Within his mind Babata spoke, “attacking capability wise, they can’t compare to you Luo Feng.”

“Have you finished fixing the Liquid Silver guards?” Luo Feng asked, “How about the weapon?”

“The liquid silver guards use a C grade power source. However, it’s been depleted for a long time. After using it for many hundreds of thousands of years, they require repairs. I think it should take about three days. As for the weapon! I’ve already taken the black dragon mountain X81 ship’s most powerful weapon down and have begun repairs on it.” Babata said, “As for the required power source, I have some reserves.”

Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief.

The laser cannon, according to Babata, was a very advanced weapon. In theory, its power could go close to being limitless! According to legend, the more advanced laser cannons could even pose a threat to sector lords!

“How’s the power?” Luo Feng asked.

“It can kill a star level 6 human fighter.” Babata said, “A Star level 6, compared to a star level 1, is stronger by tens of times! Even if it was a space beast! It definitely won’t be able to block the laser cannon attack.”

Hearing the words ‘definitely won’t be able to block’ was a big relief to Luo Feng.

Babata may behave like spoiled brat at times, but he never spoke rubbish.

“However, I need time!” Babata said.

“As fast as possible, think of ways, the faster the better.” Luo Feng said.

“If I rush it at my maximum capacity, I estimate it would require about 28-30 hours.” Babata said.

Luo Feng pondered about it, 28 to 30 hours? That was a little more than a day, China would have heavy losses over such a long time, but it’s main cities would probably still be standing! Unless that swallowing monster was to show up again…

Pray! He could only pray within his heart!

“Whoosh!”

Luo Feng’s flying speed wasn’t at all affected by his mental conversation with Babata, he was heading towards the south east military district.

China’s capital base, the general headquarters.

Several leaders were here, the general headquarters’ screen was displaying two scenes from satellites, one was displaying six enormous emperor class monsters flying towards the south eastern base, while the other displayed a youth clad in blood red battle armor on the soaring shuttle, flying over.

“Luo Feng is already flying towards the south eastern base.” Jia Yi said.

“Broadcast this battle to the entire country immediately.” One of the leaders from China spoke, his hair white and his body thin and frail.

“Old Zhou?” Jia Yi was shocked as he looked at the old man.

Old Zhou said seriously: “Jia Yi, you said before, even within the emperor class monsters, there were strong and weak ones. Even representative warriors may lose to the emperor class monsters. At this crucial time of life and death, we need our representative fighters to risk it all and fight for us. In a time like this, are you going to just let them sacrifice for nothing in secrecy?”

The leaders within the headquarters were all at a high level of intellect and wisdom, they understood human psychology well. They understand everything from just a hint.

Representatives can only make the decision to risk their lives themselves, the country can’t force them.

“Only if they are willing. So we have to make them willing, we have to stir up their blood and determination!”

“Only with that can we win!”

“Only with fortitude!”

“Will they risk it all!”

Old Zhou said.

Immediately, every television screen in China began to switch.

“Southeastern military base in danger, Southeastern military base in danger.”

“Currently, there are six emperor class sea monsters flying towards the south east base.” Under the reporter’s voice, the scene appeared in every television screen across China. Be it households, screens in the streets or the screens in the underground bases, they all showed the same scene.

Six emperor monsters, extremely malevolent!

One was entirely green and black, its abdomen was purple and long like a snake, its total length was close to 200m. That means, when it stood straight up, it was comparable to a 70 storey building!

It was like an enormous submarine in the sky, ‘mountain shaking whale king.’

It’s gaze had a mysterious red glow, this scaled long dragon, was the renowned east sea’s green dragon.

Nearby was an enormous transparent jellyfish, its umbrella like skin span was more than 30m large, it’s countless tentacles were all at least a few hundred meters long.

……

Six emperor class monsters!

Every one of them were incomparably strong, especially the east sea green dragon and the poisonous jellyfish emperor, even if Jia Yi was to come, he would have to be very careful about them.

When China’s 1200 million citizens saw the screen and the scene, they held their breaths. When have they ever seen such fearsome creatures? The reporter on the side was quickly explaining the details of each of the emperor class monsters, making them worry even more for the southeast base’s hundreds of thousands of military personnel.

“No.”

A little girl covered her eyes as she couldn’t bear to watch.

“It can’t be.”

The elderly were in front of the televisions, quietly praying to Buddha and the Goddess of Mercy.

“Emperor class monsters.”

“Six of them!”

Youths filled with hot blood were all wide-eyed, whatever they had trained for, and their knowledge of the monsters, were nothing in the face of these six emperor class monsters.”

“Before, that swallowing monster attacked the entire earth, the military districts and bases had all their lasers destroyed. Against these six emperor class monsters, the southeastern military sector has begun their retreat and evacuation, however their speed cannot compare to the monsters’ flying speeds. Their speeds go up to 820m per second!”

The citizens watching the screens all held their breaths.

……

Suddenly, the screen switched to a different scene.

A youth clad in blood red armor standing on board the soaring shuttle, flying at breakneck speed.

Immediately…

The countless citizens in front of the screens were all excited, flying? This was humanity’s elite warrior…a being that exceeded the wargods!

It’s representative Luo!”

“Representative Luo is currently flying at his fastest speed towards the southeastern military district! The calculations show that Representative Luo’s flying speed is currently reaching…5610 m per second! Wow, I haven’t misread it, my god! It’s really 5610 m per second, 16.5 times the speed of sound!!!” The reporter’s voice was filled with shock!

It wasn’t just him, the star traveller warriors watching too were all shocked.

In terms of flying speed, even Hong and Thunder God couldn’t compare to Luo Feng.

“He’s catching up, Representative Luo is catching up!”

On the screen, it finally showed Luo Feng and the six emperor class monsters in the same screen.

When he first appeared, compared to the six ridiculously enormous emperor class monsters, Luo Feng was just like an ant. One ant against six giants? The scene made everyone watching nervous and anxious. Suddenly, the enormous jellyfish emperor suddenly spit out a green fog that spread over a few thousand meters.

It was a poisonous gas!

Suddenly, the screen had gone all green! The reporter on the side explained, this was the jellyfish emperor’s poisonous gas, adding on with some details about the jellyfish emperor, which made the people even more shocked…This jellyfish emperor was one of the most poisonous monsters on earth.

“What’s happening?”

“What’s going on? How’s representative Luo dealing with the gas?”

Everyone’s hearts were tensed.

“Luo Feng.” Xu Xin’s body was trembling.

“Luo Feng.” Wei Wen raised her head to look at the screen in the street, nervous beyond compare.

Within the poisonous gas.

Luo Feng was on the soaring shuttle; his spirit energy had formed a protective barrier around him! With the toughness and density of his barrier of spiritual force, there was no chance for the gas to even seep through.

“Killing one emperor class monster is akin to saving hundreds of thousands and millions of my fellow countrymen.” Luo Feng looked at the six emperor class monsters rushing towards him, their gazes ice cold and filled with killing intent, “that’s why, I’ll kill all of you!”

Boom!

Luo Feng fiercely waved the arc cutter blade in his right hand!

“Pu!”

It was as though space itself was cut open, the arc knife actually became an enormous golden colored arc blade, madly dancing around! The first to bear the brunt of this attack was the jellyfish emperor, it’s flexible but tough body, under Luo Feng’s controlled arc blade, was immediately sliced in half! The monster with a triangular brain, carrying a huge shell on it’s back, was also sliced along with its shell!

Slice! Slice! Slice!

The arc cutter blade, compared to the soaring shuttle, was stronger in its attacking abilities!

The six emperor class monsters, while the one east sea green dragon was a little harder to slice, eventually it still succeeded! Six emperor class monsters, under the frenzied dance of the arc knife, were immediately cut into seven or eight pieces, various pungent smells, fragrant smelling blood flew out.

China, countless people glued to the screens, their hearts all tensed.

The footage about the devouring monster before had all of humanity feeling dejected and hopeless. Now…all of Hua Xia’s sons and daughters were all hoping for victory, for something to give them hope!

There was a little hope for survival!

On the screen.

The poison quickly dissipated, there was only Luo Feng waving his hands in mid air on the soaring shuttle, the golden blade which was at least tens of meters long returned to his hand. The surrounding space was filled with large amounts of body parts falling, be it large claws, a tentacle or scales or minced meat…

“We’ve won.”

“We’ve won.”

“The monsters have all been killed.”

This scene made countless people erupt in joy! Finally! Finally! There was some good news.

“Representative Luo is too powerful.”

“His flying speed is 16.5 times the speed of sound.”

“With representative Luo around, we can win.” Countless people at the time remembered Luo Feng’s name.

“The southern central military sector is in danger, Representative Yao Wei Wu is rushing to assist.” The screen changed quickly again.

Luo Feng may be very strong, but he was still one man, he couldn’t fight two battles at the same time.

Battles happened all over one after another!

In the motherland, beacons of light were lit all over!

In the dire times of humanity’s survival, representatives were stepping up and appearing!

One after another, mysterious names that no one had ever heard of were being recognized by countless people, “Luo Feng, Zhu Xi, Yao Wei Wu… At this time, they were humanity’s strongest warriors and they shone the brightest in the time of need.


Chapter 247: Realm

January 14th was fated to be a crazy day!

On the five continents the humans of earth were living on, countless sea monsters were moving forward through the rivers. Because of distance, most of them haven’t reached the headquarter cities. And the ’emperor level monsters’ and the human ‘star traveller level fighters’ have already begun their peak showdown! And every country and every headquarter city broadcasted their battles!

Each battle contained the hopes of many.

And all the hopes of everyone on earth caused a formless aura! That blood boiling aura caused a few hesitating representative fighters to become passionate and to stand up to fight!

Battles! Are always bloody!

Of course there are stronger and weaker monsters in the emperor level category. The weaker ones are comparable to a ‘star traveller level one stage’ while the stronger ones are comparable to ‘star traveller level three and four stages’. The only advantage that human star traveller level fighters have are–their black god sets! These caused the casualties of the human star traveller fighters to be lower than the emperor level monsters.

However, no matter how low they were, representative level fighters still died!

Since….. the biggest advantage the monsters had were their numbers!

The number of emperor level monsters on land were already much higher than the human representative fighters. And there were even way more emperor level monsters in the sea! Even though there were nearly ninety human star traveller level fighters, on just January 14th, 903 emperor monsters came out of the sea!

Ten times more than the humans! And this was just a portion of them.

The huge showdown between humans and monsters caused the names of many mysterious fighters to be known by all.

Luo Feng! Mo Henderson! Eastbourne!

Each of their names were shining!

And the most famous one was Luo Feng. In Luo Feng’s first battle, he killed six emperor level monsters. After that, he swiftly went around China! When other star traveller level fighters move out, they might have a bit of difficulty dealing with one emperor level monster. Sometimes, they even have to retreat.

But Luo Feng is different!

Once he moves out, there will only be one result–victory!

From dawn until 3 PM, the number of emperor level monsters that died to Luo Feng had reached a horrifying 37! Holy, all the emperor level monsters killed by the other star traveller level fighters in China hasn’t even reached half of that number!

His name shook the ground

In time, China and all the other countries broadcasting the battles caused countless people to praise Luo Feng!

And then!

Killing thirty seven emperor level monsters was a huge encouragement to humans. However, to sea monsters….. they were extremely enraged! Powerful monsters also have intelligence. The loss of thirty seven emperor level monsters quickly enraged the two grand emperor level sea monsters.

The Octopus Beast Emperor!

This octopus beast emperor was different from the grand emperor back in the misty island. The grand emperor from the misty island only got to that level from eating Mu Ya crystals. As for the octopus beast emperor and the lightning dragon emperor, these two grand emperors grew from battling in the boundless sea over and over again. They are much more powerful!

…..

Around 120 km from Kyoto headquarter city, midair.

The battle on January 14th was still ongoing. On one side was the ‘octopus beast emperor’, which seemed like a floating island that covered the sky and earth. In terms of body size, the octopus beast emperor was one of the largest monsters on earth, much larger than the grand emperor monster back at the misty island. Just its gigantic brain seemed like a small mountain.

Its eight tentacles were much thicker than the tentacles of the grand emperor from the misty island, while their length seemed to be about the same.

And on the other side, was the human fighter ‘Luo Feng’! “Representative Luo Feng is extremely fast!”

“Watch out!!!”

Every country was broadcasting the battle. Since the battle progressing so quickly, they didn’t have time to carefully explain what was going on.

“You dare to underestimate me. You’re scared of Thunder God and Hong, but not me?” with a wave of his hand, a golden arced blade that was a few dozen meters long landed on Luo Feng’s hand and then transformed into the arc cutter blade.

Luo Feng also received the news.

When the golden horned beast was rampaging across earth, it went out of its way to visit Hong Ning headquarter city to attack the Dojo of Limits headquarters and kill the two most powerful human fighters–Hong and Thunder God! The two grand emperor level monsters probably told the ‘golden horned beast’ that the two hardest humans to deal with are Hong and Thunder God.

However–the golden horned beast didn’t succeed.

Hong and Thunder God hid in the spaceship headquarters’ training room to avoid danger.

The transport spaceship itself was already quite sturdy, so there was no way for a star level one stage golden horned beast to destroy it. And don’t even mention destroying the even sturdier training room through the outer shell of the transport ship.

As for the weight?

The transport spaceship was over 10,000 meters long and a unit of ‘a hundred million tons’ was needed to weigh it. Keep in mind that an aircraft carrier, which is like a ‘tiny speck’ to the transport spaceship, is already a few tens of thousands of tons heavy. The material making up the transport spaceship was denser and the size of the ship itself was over 10,000 times bigger than the aircraft carrier. Its weight could be extrapolated from there.

A star traveller level one stage can at most lift up an object that is a thousand tons heavy. A star level one stage? To lift a transport spaceship weighed in the unit of ‘hundred million tons’ is impossible!

It can’t destroy it.

It can’t move it.

And it also can’t swallow such a huge thing! Absorb it? Even it will need an extremely, extremely long time to absorb such a huge transport spaceship. The golden horned beast gets full after swallowing a few military bases made out of earth’s metal, so its ‘appetite’ can be extrapolated.

So, Hong and Thunder God have escaped danger!

“I wanted to get rid of you quickly, but who would’ve thought that your defense was so powerful. Then I guess we’ll take more time” Luo Feng’s gaze turned cold, “DIE!” the arc cutter blade in his hand waved once again. The curved blade pieces on the arc cutter blade quickly assembled and then finally transformed into a curved golden blade that was only one meter long and as thin as a cicada’s wing!

Compared to the blade that was around a few dozen meters long before, this one was extremely focused and dense!

Whoosh!

With a flash from the golden curved blade, as if it was entering an apple, it directly sliced into the mountain-like brain of the octopus beast emperor.

“ANG~~”

The octopus beast emperor let out an ear-piercing cry. HUALALA~~an ink-like poison ferociously sprayed over.

This battle caused everyone on earth to hold their breath.

When Luo Feng was completely covered in the black colored poison, countless people were worrying. Keep in mind that other than the swallowing beast, the strongest monsters in the sea were the two grand emperors. One of them was the octopus beast emperor while the other was the lightning dragon emperor. The lightning dragon emperor wins with its speed, electricity, and power! The octopus beast lord wins with its defense, regenerative capabilities, poison, and strangling power!

In terms of poison!

The octopus beast emperor is number one!

“ANG~ANG~ANG~” the octopus beast emperor suddenly let out cries of pain and its eight thick tentacles started crazily shaking around. Its gigantic mountain-like brain continued to bulge and depress. Its two eyes that were bigger than houses were filled with madness and pain.

PENG!

A wound that had a diameter of two to three meters exploded on its head. Instantly, white and red liquid directly sprayed out like a fountain.

The octopus beast emperor’s eight large tentacles fell down powerlessly and its gigantic body started descending rapidly.

“RUMBLE!”

Its gigantic body, which was like a floating island, smashed into the wilderness below, causing the ground to shake as if an earthquake was going on. A few houses that have been standing there for a few dozen years were split apart because of the shockwave. Dust emanated everywhere.

The octopus beast emperor of the two grand emperors, is dead!

And in the black poison, Luo Feng stepped on his soaring shuttle and flew out of it to take a look at the corpse of the octopus beast lord that fell to the ground.

Suddenly–

People of all ages, gender, skin color, and nationality were extremely excited.

Yet, Luo Feng was calm.

“This octopus beast emperor sure was suicidal” Babata held an apple in the wrist guard space as he insulted out of disdain, “He isn’t even Thunder God or Hong’s opponent after leaving the ocean! Now that Hong and Thunder God are hiding, it thinks it’s invincible? Luo Feng, you’re actually even stronger than Thunder God, so taking care of that little shrimp is like eating breakfast! What an idiot” as he said that, Babata ferociously took a bite out of his apple!

For the current Luo Feng.

Using the arc cutter blade was enough to kill a star traveller level six stage monster emperor.

Once he uses the hybrid copper essence blade piece, he can even rival the world’s strongest fighter ‘Hong’.

The whole world was in an uproar because Luo Feng killed the monster emperor!

And the star traveller level fighters who stood at the peak were even more shocked. The grand emperor! After so many years, even Hong and Thunder God couldn’t deal with those two grand emperors in the sea. Even though Luo Feng and the grand emperor had their battle in the air and not in the water….. other than Luo Feng, Hong, and Thunder God, is there a fourth person on earth who can battle with the grand emperor?

The third chairman Ice Emperor Mo Henderson? The fourth chairman Eastbourne?

None of them can!

Only until now did the fighters all over the world understand….. Luo Feng was a genius whose strength was comparable to Mo Henderson and Eastbourne right after stepping into the star traveller level. And one year later, he has strength comparable to Hong and Thunder God!

In terms of strength!

Luo Feng should be the third chairman, and maybe even the second chairman! But Luo Feng never challenged anybody and quietly stayed in Yang Zhou city.

…..

Hong Ning headquarter city, Dojo of Limits headquarters.

The transport spaceship had sustained some damage on the outside, but the inside wasn’t damaged. In one of the training rooms in the transport spaceship.

A barefoot man in black quietly sat cross-legged.

In front of him was a bald man wearing white and was also barefoot.

One black, one white.

These two were precisely Hong and Thunder God who were hiding in the transport spaceship’s training room due to the ‘golden horned beast’.

“This Luo Feng sure is Earth’s genius spirit reader, his strength actually was able to grow so quickly” Hong opened his eyes, and his eyes were calm, “With his strength now, he is the undisputed #1 spirit reader on Earth! He probably isn’t too far off from second brother either”

“That’s a good thing”

“For such a genius to be on Earth, if I die, I’ll be able to rest in peace” Hong’s eyes were as calm as the ocean.

Suddenly–

A bit of electricity started to slowly appear in the entire training room, which caused Hong to let out a face of surprise. The white robed bald ‘Thunder God’, who was originally calmly sitting cross-legged, still had a calm expression on. However, electricity started faintly appearing around his body. In just moments, the entire training room transformed into a domain of electricity, with electric snakes flowing.

The white robed bald man opened his eyes. Lightning could barely be seen in his eyes as he let out a smile. This smile seemed to be like the smile of China’s legendary Buddha.

“Brother Hong” said Thunder God slowly, “The legendary ‘man and Earth as one’ state in ancient Indian yoga and the completed state of ‘man and body as one’ in China’s internal martial arts. The way of stepping into the state of the domain was to surpass them”

“Congratulations” smiled Hong.

Hong himself was an expert in Chinese internal martial arts while Thunder God practiced both of them. Some of the instruction manuals on Earth were based off of combining these ancient martial arts and the power of humans today! Maybe they are much more powerful, but in terms of their realms, Hong and Thunder God have greatly benefited from ancient civilization.

Man and Earth as one, man and body as one, man and blade as one, completed Tai Chi, etc. these were all descriptions of the highest level.

And then…..

Above them, was the domain!

“Brother Hong, me and you have been brothers to the death for a few dozen years! It is unthinkable that we retreat this time” Thunder God looked towards Hong.

Hong looked towards Thunder God, as if he saw the scene of the two of them fighting on the border of life and death back during the Grand Nirvana period.

“Okay, let’s go together” Hong slightly nodded.

“Let’s go together” Thunder God let out a smile.


TL note: terms like ‘eldest brother’, ‘third brother’, ‘second brother’, etc. have no good direct translations so I’ll just leave them like that


Chapter 248: Hong and Thunder God

“Brother Hong,” Thunder God laughed, “No wonder I was never your match. The domain, is actually like this!”

Hong laughed.

Domain…

Even in the vast universe, it was considered a high state to reach. So much that a universe level fighter that happens to be born in one galaxy may not even have his own domain!

“Second brother.” Hong looked towards the white robed bald headed youth, “After that devouring monster rampaged for one night, it should be at the bottom of the sea resting. Even if we were to battle it to the death, we have to get it out from the sea first. That’s why, right now, I’ll share whatever I know about the domain and its usage with you.”

Thunder God nodded.

Stepping into the realm of domain, he finally realized…the domain level was deep and immeasurable. He could only be considered a rookie after just stepping in. Hong was someone who had stepped in for tens of years, he was definitely much stronger.

While Hong was sharing his experience and usage methods with Thunder God, the battle between humanity and the sea monsters had reached a whole new level.

Hua Xia, Jiang Nan base east, a few hundred meters in the air.

“Arrived at destination.”

A disc shaped battleship was in the air above the wide river, this wide and big river was Hua Xia’s famous Chang Jiang.

“Huahuahua…”

Within Chang Jiang, there were countless blurry sea creatures! Randomly throwing a bomb in would kill a few 100 hundred monsters!

Countless sea monsters, were madly following the river and advancing inland!

“Throw no.12 medicine.”

“Yes!”

A hole appeared at the bottom of the disc shaped battleship, a green liquid with strains of red flowed out into the river and mixed! The battleship followed the course of the river and flew, the medicine constantly flowing out, mixing below the river. A few seconds later…

“Howl…”

“Ga…”

“Hiss hiss!!!”

Various kinds of howls and roars sounded, the originally blurry Chang Jiang filled with sea monsters began to boil! Some of the monsters even jumped out from the pain, while others began to madly attack in all directions. A short time passed and Chang Jiang returned to its quiet state, the number of sea creatures moving seemed to have lessened by quite a bit.

……

Yang Zhou City, one particular command base.

Hua Xia had a total of six bases, why this place ended up being called the base center, was because these six bases had the strongest defense, it was humanity’s final standpoint! After so many years, humanity had been using all kinds of methods and ways to strengthen itsit’s defenses.

Within the Command base, Luo Feng was currently together with the just retreated Li Da Wei commanding officer.

“Bastard!” Li Da Wei expression was ugly.

“What’s wrong?” Luo Feng asked.

The sea creatures following the river have entered inland! According to my plans…” Li Da Wei’s face was ashened, “When a large number of the sea creatures flood the rivers, we would poison the rivers, causing a large number of them to die immediately! One was to kill a large number of them, two was to let the bodies block the way…

“The result was nowhere close to what we wanted!” Li Da Wei’s eyebrows creased.

“The newly researched poison no.12, is actually better suited for the climbing types of sea creatures, and against the intestine types, thorn skinned types, the results…” Li Da Wei shook his head.

Luo Feng could feel the heaviness in the air.

Even though he could kill one grand emperor, just how much impact did he make on the bigger picture? The monster that made humans the most helpless was…the golden horned beast!

“We aren’t afraid of the sea creatures, the emperor class monsters even!” Li Da Wei said seriously, “Bases, we’ve been constantly upgrading and fortifying! No matter how vicious the sea creatures are, we’ll never be exterminated! The only thing that frightens us is…that devouring monster!”

“No one!”

“None of the bases could stop it. “These two days, Li Da Wei’s hair had all gone white.

January 15, wee hours 5 am.

Luo Feng sat in his own house in front of his computer, looking at the notebook’s screen and it’s many news. Because of the day’s many groundbreaking battles, the monsters had suffered heavy losses, especially the loss of the grand emperor the eight claw emperor, they were frightened and didn’t dare rush as quickly.

This allowed Luo Feng to take a breather.

His body was rested, but his heart was still anxious!

“Yesterday morning, the golden horned beast entered the sea bed to rest, who knows when it’ll reappear.” Luo Feng heart was anxious and worried, “Babata, when will the laser cannon be ready?”

“Luo Feng, don’t worry don’t worry, soon, soon.” Babata said.

Luo Feng took a deep breath, trying his best to contain his worry.

Turning to look outside, through the glass window…outside, the sky was still dark.

“When will dawn come through?” Luo Feng mumbled.

“Weng!”

Luo Feng looked down towards his wrist cuff, his watch communicator was vibrating, it was his Head Hong.

“Hello.” Luo Feng answered.

“Luo Feng, immediately enter the wargod’s palace virtual space.” Hong said, “I have important news to announce.”

“Alright.” Luo Feng answered.

“Luo Feng, your power has grown by a lot.” Hong praised him, “Keep on working hard.” He ended the call the moment he finished his words.

……

Wargod Palace virtual space.

Shua!

A golden robed Luo Feng suddenly appeared within a spacious room.

“I wonder what the Head is so anxious to announce, gathering everybody from the different countries for.” Luo Feng was curious, leaving the room, he headed swiftly towards the top floor meeting room.

Along the way, he met a few friends.

“Luo Feng, how are you?” A white man shouted.

“Terrence.” Luo Feng walked alongside this man, “How’s Europe’s situation?”

“It’s bad, there’s already been three bases which have begun battles with the sea creatures.” Terrence, the European man shook his head, “I estimate within half a day, all of europe’s six bases would have begun an all out battle with the sea creatures!”

Luo Feng shook his head.

The entire world’s situation was bad, the worse was definitely the American side, afterall they were the first to suffer the wrath of the golden horned beast. The Asian countries were still ok… however, according to the news Luo Feng received, places like Jiang Nan base were estimated to begin battling the sea creatures within a couple of hours.

Within the meeting room, a lot of people began to gather quickly.

“Attention everyoneall!”

Only two people sat right at the top, a black clothed Hong and the white clothed Thunder God.

“Right now at this crucial moment, I’ve called everyone here to announce something very important.” Hong’s gaze was sharp as knives, “I believe everybody knows, that the sudden appearance of the golden horned beast has brought upon Earth its greatest catastrophe to date, without killing it, Earth and humanity will be annihilated!”

Everyone below remained silent.

Luo Feng looked at his surroundings, everyone’s expressions were ugly.

“The devouring beast, is a space beast from the universe, it’s growth speed is incredibly fast! While we may not be able to deal with it now, we managed to hide in the ship and survive, escaping the threat. However, as the devouring monster gets stronger, there will come a time where we won’t even be able to run.” Hong’s face was filled with pain and anguish.

Luo Feng nodded his head.

He too agreed with this point, this golden horned beast was a space beast with the most elite bloodline! When it’s fully grown, it could become a sector lord!

“That’s why, we have to kill it! Must!!!” Hong’s entire aura immediately began to grow frantic and serious!

“It must die.” Thunder God said coldly beside him.

“First representative, we all know we must kill it, however…even a 1.5 hundred million ton hydrogen bomb couldn’t kill it. What other plans do we have?” An old American man with a head full of white said anxiously.

Other representatives shook their head: “Even the strongest laser beam didn’t even leave a mark on its body. It’s too strong, there’s no way, no way at all.”

“I have a son and daughter.”

Hong stood up, surveying everyone, “I’m not a good father! I’ve put all my focus on training and martial arts, hardly caring for them. However…they are still my children.”

“I do not wish to let my kids live without hope!”

“My Dojo of Limits has an enormous flying ship, one so huge even the devouring monster cannot devour at this point. I can simply put all my children in and let them hide in there. But!!! I’m very clear, once that devouring monster matures to the universe level, there would be no safe pot anywhere on Earth!!!”

“Not a single place!”

Hong’s voice shook everyone in the room, including Luo Feng. “Thunder God and I have decided, to combine forces and fight it to the death, all to kill that devouring monster!” Hong’s voice reverberated in everybody’s ears.

“To the death! Kill the devouring monster!” Thunder God stood up and said beside.

Stunned!

There was pure silence in the meeting room, everyone was shocked, everyone knew of the devouring monster’s strength!

“Head.” Liu He couldn’t help but stand up.

“Head.” Allure, wearing a golden mask also stood up.

A total of eight people stood up together!

“The decision is made, no need to try and dissuade us.” Hong said calmly, however, everyone felt his resolve about that heavy decision, one almost as heavy as Mt. Tai, it was a resolve no one could shake!

“First chairman, second chairman, do you two have any guarantee?”

“First chairman, suicide is not worth it!”

“If humanity cannot stop it, we still need to rely on you to lead the survivors.”

Many from different countries stood up.

Hong shook his head: “If the devouring monster doesn’t die, there will be no survivors!”

These words caused a great many of people to tear up.

Despair!

So much despair!

……

Luo Feng closed his eyes, what Hong said was true! If not for Babata who knew how to maintain, assemble and operate the machinery, even with a black dragon ship, there’s was no way to repair it enough to use it!

“Babata,” Luo Feng’s thoughts shouted out.

“Something the matter?” Babata replied.

“Is the laser cannon ready?” Luo Feng asked.

“I still need one more hour.” Babata said.

“Can it kill the golden horned beast with one shot?” Luo Feng asked.

“Relax, this is the black dragon mountain’s X81’s greatest weapon, it can definitely kill the golden horned beast with one shot, destroying it’s soul. There’s no doubt at all about it.” Babata was extremely confident.

“Very good.”

Luo Feng opened his eyes…looking at the elites from the various countries all struggling in pain, along with Hong and Thunder God who were ready to sacrifice themselves.

“Attention everyoneall!”

A loud voice reverberated across the meeting room.

Everybody went silent, including Hong and Thunder god, everybody looked up. Under the gaze of the earth’s elite, Luo Feng said seriously: “I have a guaranteed way to kill the devouring monster!”


Chapter 249: B6 Laser Cannon

Everyone in the meeting room was suddenly dumbfounded, you could hear a pin drop in that dead silence. Nobody on earth could dare to say he/she had a guaranteed way to kill the devouring monster. Even the ones with domains Hong and Thunder God could only say they were going to fight it to the death, risking it all just to battle and give it a shot!

There was no guarantee!

“Luo Feng!” Hong stared hard at Luo Feng, “You, what did you say?”

“I didn’t hear it clearly.” Beside him, Thunder God too was staring hard at Luo Feng, “Can you repeat it!”

“Luo Feng, what did you just say!” Beside, Jia Yi grabbed onto Luo Feng, his voice trembling with anxiety.

“Luo Feng.”

Leaders from the various countries as well as representative warriors were all staring at Luo Feng, almost like people on the verge of drowning seeing a rescue boat pass by. Many of them began to clean and rub their ears, worried that they may have heard wrongly. Some even turned to their counterparts beside and asked if he was speaking the truth.

Nervous, anxious, apprehensive…different emotions filled the meeting room.

“I said!”

Luo Feng took a deep breath, looking at the surrounding people, “I have a guaranteed way to kill the devouring monster!”

“You really do have a guarantee?”

“Luo Feng, you, what will you use to kill the devouring monster?”

“Luo, you aren’t bluffing are you?”

Different skin colors, countrymen couldn’t help but shout out. One after another, some with their hair all while, but faces still flushed red.

“Silence.” Hong shouted loudly.

The meeting room gradually grew quiet, Hong said loudly: “I’ll ask Luo Feng, everybody please remain calm.” The scene was after all filled with the earth’s brightest. It was only due to their desperation to save their country, race, culture and earth’s survival that they lost their cool. Hearing those words from Hong, they couldn’t help but calm down.

“Luo Feng.” Hong looked at Luo Feng, everyone in the meeting room looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng looked at Hong: “Ask away.”

“What will you use to kill the devouring monster, don’t tell me, you’ll be battling it out with it.” Hong looked at Luo Feng, the meeting room contained the leading experts of the world, after listening to Luo Feng will they know if he really had a guarantee or he was just lying.

“Attention all.”

Luo Feng surveyed the crowd, “During the last assembly, I requested a record of all of Earth’s archeological ruins and their information from my Head.”

“I can attest to that.” Hong nodded, that information was indeed handed to him personally.

“When that devouring monster appeared, I too was extremely worried. I thought of ways and thought that the archeological ruins might have some hope of saving the world.” Luo Feng said seriously, “There are many ruins, most countries have already excavated. The only three that remain are the three big dangers!”

“Three big dangers?”

Many people were taken aback.

They were clear of the three big dangers and their level of danger.

“No.1, 12 and 31, which of these did you go?” Hong couldn’t help but ask.

Everyone of earth knew of the dangers from these 3 ruins.

No.1, at the sea bed of the Bermuda, the silver white pyramid and no 31’s ship around the poison fields, I cannot enter.” Luo Feng shook his head, “I went to no.12 ruins, the black ship.”

Many within the meeting room nodded.

There were many who knew of no.12, however, no matter who was sent there from the countries all suffered losses.

“That ship, to be able to maintain its laser path energy supply, I recognized straight away…that ship shouldn’t be too heavily damaged. Indeed!” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up, “When I entered, there were indeed some weapons damaged. However, the strongest single target weapon…the laser cannon was almost perfectly fine! I obtained several repair robots from the ship and it’s currently in repair, I believe it’ll be ready to use soon.”

“Laser cannon? Is it that powerful?” Several people were suspicious.

“Don’t speak rubbish if you don’t know.”

An old white man with messy hair stared at Luo Feng, “The laser cannon you acquired, what grade is it?”

Luo Feng was slightly shaken.

Within his mind, Babata said: “Tell him, it’s a b6 grade!”

“It’s a b6 grade!” Luo Feng said.

“My god, b6 grade, humanity has been saved! Humanity has been saved!!!” That old man with messy hair was so excited he began to cry and laugh on the spot.

Immediately, several representatives beside asked: “Bruce sir, this b6 laser, just how powerful is it?”

“Attention all.”

This Bruce old man surveyed his surroundings, saying loudly, “There are many here who know. We on earth who study lasers powerful enough to kill monsters begun our research from the ancient ruins and their damaged or broken laser cannons. Excavating them and research allowed us to build ours.”

“Back then, I obtained some information, the power of the laser cannons in the universe are separated into different grades.” Bruce said, “Translated to earth language, the grades are A, B, and C these main grades.”

“For example, an A1 laser cannon, can kill a normal star traveller level 1 warrior!”

“An A2 laser cannon, can kill a normal star traveller level 2 warrior!”

“And so on, the A9 grade can kill a Star traveller level 9 warrior!”

“And the B grade laser cannons, are very precious in the universe. The B1 laser cannon can kill a normal star level 1 warrior.” Bruce laughed out, “And so on, the B6, can kill a star level 6 warrior! According to the information, this grade of weapon wasn’t even found in an interstellar fleet.”

Suddenly, the meeting room erupted.

“Haha! There’s hope, there’s hope!”

“There’s no need for more deaths, no need for so many others to die.”

“Haha.”

“Hoho.”

Many leading experts and elites lost their composure from their happiness. Nobody bothered…what was composure over this piece of news.

“Luo Feng.” Hong looked at Luo Feng, smiling, “Thanks!”

“Head…” Luo Feng was just about to open his mouth.

“There’s no need to call me Head, if you respect me, then be like Thunder God, call me Brother Hong.” Hong smiled, he was indeed very grateful to Luo Feng…even in a fight to the death, he only had a 20-30% chance of winning. If he could avoid death and still kill the devouring monster, who would still willingly go suicide?

“Brother Hong.” Luo Feng shouted.

“Haha, good, haha, happiness, I haven’t been so happy in a long time.” Hong lost his composure completely, Thunder God walked over from the side.

“Oh right, Luo Feng.” Hong’s expression grew serious, speaking, “I know the laser cannon’s speed can reach light speed, that devouring monster has no chance to dodge! However, if it doesn’t die from one shot, that devouring monster can definitely escape underground and swiftly find a way for its revenge to destroy the cannon. That’s why… there’s only one chance to kill it.”

Luo Feng was shocked within.

Right!

Laser cannon, also known as the light cannon, was indeed fast! However, after the first shot, the second shot took some time to prepare and charge, within that short time, the devouring monster, with it’s unbelievable speed could definitely escape. The moment it escapes…it wouldn’t give Luo Feng another chance.

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded.

His consciousness left the virtual space, back to reality, it was already after 6 in the morning.

It was already bright outside.

“Night has passed, the day has come.” Luo Feng stood on his balcony, breathing into the glass, his hot breath causing the window to fog up.

“Luo Feng, it’s done, it’s done, wahaha…I, Babata, am just too awesome! Over eight hundred thousand years of non usage, I still have my ways to fix it.” Babata ‘s proud laugh resounded in Luo Feng’s mind. Luo Feng was happy, he didn’t have the mood to bother about Babata’s arrogance, instead he asked: “Where’s the weapon? Take it out and let me see.”

“Damn, don’t rush.”

Within the wrist cuff space, Babata stretched, “This laser cannon may be a single soldier’s weapon, however, it’s still a universe’s single weapon. It still takes up quite a large space. It requires 6m long, 6m wide, 3m high, such a space. Your balcony here cannot take it.”

“That’s called a singular weapon?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Call any robot or warrior and they can easily lift it. Of course it’s a singular weapon.” Babata said unsatisfied, “Don’t you see, the huge ship based weapons, just their bodies alone are the size of your Earth’s mothership!”

Luo Feng rubbed his head and laughed.

That’s right.

An inter galaxy weapon compared to just a weapon for space, the difference should be huge.

Also, Luo Feng, you have no way to use this weapon, don’t you have those 3 repair robots, pass one over to me. I’ll give it instructions, passing this kind of jobs to robots is just right, even though they have no sense of creativity, they wouldn’t commit any form of error for such a job.” Babata said.

Luo Feng definitely agreed!

Those three black metal robots, one of them was quickly taken by Babata into his storage space, engaged in its reprogramming.

“Why hasn’t the devouring monster appeared from the sea bed?”

On Luo Feng’s house’s balcony, Hong, Thunder God, Jia Yi and others, including Luo Feng, a total of twelve people were gathered. The sun was high up in the sky, it was after 12 in the afternoon.

“What’s the rush, if it doesn’t come out forever, that would be the best.” Hong laughed as he glanced at Thunder God, Luo Feng was however looking at the big black metal robot in front of him, calmly settled with the enormous weapon…6m long, 6m wide, 3m tall, it’s entire structure looked to be made from crystal.

It’s interior was extremely complex, it made them dizzy just looking at it.

The mouth itself was 5m.

“Can one shot really kill the devouring monster?” Mo Henderson from America was worried.

“Relax.” Luo Feng said confidently, “Don’t be fooled by that devouring monster’s 180m long body, it’s brain is only 20m long. A laser beam with a diameter of 5m shot…will completely blow its head open, destroying its body and soul, it’ll be so dead it can’t even die again!”

“Oh, blow its brains out.” Mo Henderson was excited.

The group was waiting anxiously.

Only the black metal robot was moving at all, with the sun glaring down on its body, there was hardly any reflection.

Minutes and seconds passed.

Noon, 1pm, 3pm, 5pm…

When the sun had reached the west mountain, just as it was setting. “Hello.” Hong answered his watch communicator.

“Head, the devouring monster just flew out from the Slovak island close to Antarctica! It’s out from the sea! A voice transmitted from the watch, the twelve people present were excited.

Almost at the same time, everyone else’s watch communicators vibrated.

It’s here!

The devouring monster had finally come out!


Chapter 250: The Beam of Light That Shot Towards Space

On the balcony of Luo Feng’s house, the twelve fighters’ gazes all fell upon the black metal robot.

“Luo Feng, are you certain you should let the machine control the B6 laser cannon?” Thunder God couldn’t help but ask.

“If we don’t use the robot, who else is there? Which of us knows how to operate a B6 laser cannon?” Luo Feng laughed, everybody else laughed; their smiles however contained hints of nervousness! They couldn’t help it, the pressure on them was too much. Afterall, if they failed…it meant the end of humanity!

Luo Feng looked at the metal robot.

“Start” Luo Feng said.

Di!

The metal robot’s red crystal eyes suddenly lighted up, raising both its metal arms, grabbing onto that enormous crystal figure laser cannon, sou! Immediately flying up into the sky!

As the sun set in the west, the black metal robot swiftly vanished into the sky with the crystal laser cannon.

Luo Feng and the others looked up at it.

“Don’t look anymore, let’s quickly enter the house. We can follow it via the satellite.” Hong shouted, immediately, everybody else began to enter Luo Feng’s listening room on the 2nd floor.

Hua la la…

The endless pacific ocean was gently swaying, the time now in Hua Xia was after 5 in the evening, however over there, it was late at night.

Tonight, it was all dark, there was no moon!

Hu!

In the air above the pacific ocean, a totally black figure, with a horn covered in gold engravings; an enormous beast was flying. It’s wings covered in black scales made it look even more like a black shadow.

It! It was precisely this existence that had the world cowering in fear…the swallowing space beast with the most elite bloodline, ‘golden horned beast.’

In flight, its golden pupils surveyed below, they were filled with cold brutality.

More than 10,000km away from the golden horned beast, the sun had just set and the sky wasn’t completely dark.

A 2.12m tall black metal robot was easily grasping onto a crystal figure enormous laser cannon, swiftly flying, leaving Hua Xia’s dry land’s range, entering the ocean range…The direction it was heading towards was closing the distance between it and the golden horned beast.

Yang Zhou city, Luo Feng’s 2nd floor listening room.

On the left wall, it was almost as though the entire wall was covered with a screen. It depicted the swallowing monster flying in the night, and on the right, it was the metal robot grasping the crystal cannon flying towards it.

“The metal robot’s flying speed, is 2,109m per second.” A metallic voice reverberated around the room, “The swallowing monster’s flying speed is 15,219m per second.”

Within the listening room gathered the twelve fighters of Earth.

“Luo Feng, the voice doing the explanation is an AI.” Hong said to Luo Feng softly.

“Attention all, I’ve already prepared the celebratory wine we’ll enjoy when we succeed in a moment” on the side, Thunder God took out a wine glass from the liquor cabinet and poured, a total of twelve cups of wine, “Attention all, let’s all watch how that swallowing monster dies.”

“Haha, you are going to have to prepare more celebratory wine.”

Luo Feng and the others laughed.

Everyone was laughing!

However, everyone of them were still tense and nervous, this was just a way to diffuse their tension and relax. No one dared to fully relax at the time! Time passed by the minutes and seconds, even though the distance between the black metal robot and the swallowing monster had reached 10,000km, the swallowing monster could travel tens of kilometers within a second!

Minutes and seconds passed.

The air in the listening room was becoming more tense, almost as though it had solidified, making it impossible to breathe!

“The distance between them is 2,100km.”

“The metal robot has already stopped.” The mechanical voice spoke.

On the screen, the left side, the swallowing monster was still flying, as though it was headed straight towards China’s mainland. And on the right, the metal robot had already stopped, it was floating in mid air.

“The laser cannon has a light.”

“It’s already started up.”

Luo Feng and the other eleven people held their breaths as they watched: the metal robot was grasping the B6 laser cannon with one hand while the other was aiming it carefully. The enormous crystal figure laser cannon began to light up its entire body, the light followed the veins around through the center and all over.

“It takes the 50 seconds to prepare the cannon for a shot.” Luo Feng said softly as he explained.

“Hm,” Jia Yi was obviously nervous, he nodded, “The laser cannon’s attack follows a straight path. They have to get closer, about 1000 km distance should be just right.”

Luo Feng nodded.

This laser cannon was a weapon used all over the universe, the factors of air resistance and dust within a planet hardly affect the laser cannon.

Fifty seconds passed.

On the right side of the screen, the metal robot controlled the enormous laser cannon’s muzzle, chichi…white light followed the cannon’s muzzle to revolve one round, causing the entire muzzle to shine brightly.

“It’s ready.” Luo Feng said softly, “It can attack anytime.”

“Shouldn’t we attack now.” Thunder God couldn’t help but say.

“It’s alright, the time is enough.” Jia Yi cleared his throat, staring hard at the screen.

“Quickly, quickly, quickly.” Mo Henderson mumbled softly.

“It’s good, it’s good, it can attack now.” Hong also said quietly.

……

Everyone was nervous beyond compare! The twelve on site were Earth’s brightest with the highest level of mental strength. However, at a time like this… no one has ever been this nervous before. Even in the face of death, they never felt even a fraction of such nervousness!

……

The American general headquarters.

“God, please protect your children.” The black skinned president’s forehead had beads of perspiration, he drew a cross on his chest, staring hard at the screen.

Besides the generals beside, the ministers beside all held their breaths.

……

The Chinese general headquarters.

The first senior official old Zhou was standing with his back perfectly straight, his eyes glued to the screen. Beside him, the other leaders didn’t utter a single sound.

……

Europe, India, Russia, the HR Alliance, twenty three bases, leaders of the world all held their breaths to watch the scene unfold, an incomparable amount of pressure, was pushing down on humanity!

Survive?

Or die?

It was all about to unfold!

The distance between the metal robot and the swallowing monster was 1200 km, 1150 km, 1100 km…The entire world was nervously watching the scene, yet the black metal robot’s metal face, didn’t have a single trace of nervousness. It’s red crystal eyes suddenly lit up! A signal was immediately sent straight into the laser cannon!

At that time!

An incomparably glaring, resplendent and enchanting beam of white light shot out of the 5m long muzzle of the laser cannon, flying straight above the pacific ocean!

Within the blink of an eye!

This beam of white light that was extremely enchanting, reached within 1082 km of the target, the swallowing monster space beast golden horned beast!

Within the dark night, the sky above the pacific ocean, the golden horned beast’s wings flapped casually, it’s golden pupils were overseeing the sea below.

At that moment!

Time froze!

“Chi!”

Just like one’s hair being scorched badly, with a “chi” sound, the extremely glaring beam of white light directly pierced through the golden horned monster’s head! The light ‘passed by’ the entire top half of it’s head, including a small top portion of its left wing! There was almost no sound or trace! Only that extremely short ‘chi’ sound.

Nothingness!

The golden horned beast’s head was immediately left with only the bottom big mouth, lower jaw, everything from the nose up was gone! Everything including the brain, was all gone!

The white beam of light was incomparably dazzling, when it was shooting past the golden horned beast and continuing forward, before flying into the atmosphere, it actually broke past the atmosphere and headed straight through to the star filled space!

……

Time stopped at that moment!

Within the listening room.

On the left side of the screen, was the swallowing monster stuck in its flying posture, its head however was only left with its mouth, there was basically nothing on top of that.

On the right side of the screen was the dazzling beam that shot towards space!

Within the listening room, the twelve fighters had almost stared right through the screen, before erupting in madness!

“HAHA! SUCCESS, IT SUCCEEDED!” Jia Yi, China’s number one person was excited and jumping up and down, waving his fist about. “AWW YEAH” Mo Henderson shook his bottom with pride.

“HAHA, IT WORKED, IT WORKED!!!” Luo Feng shouted excitedly.

“COME, COME, COME, HURRY UP, LET’S CELEBRATE WITH SOME DRINKS.” Thunder God immediately picked up a wine glass beside him.

“GREAT!” Hong too was flushed with excitement.

And within Luo Feng’s mind, Babata’s excited voice resounded: “Aren’t I something Luo Feng? I told you before, this is a laser cannon that can kill a star level 6, shooting this beast just brushing past it and killing it. It was super easy and it had no choice but to die. Wahahaha.” Babata was extremely proud and satisfied.

Every country on earth, suddenly erupted in glee!!!

Everyone was excited!

……

“It’s finally done, we’ve finally survived this calamity.” Luo Feng walked excitedly towards Thunder God.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was startled, the loud and excited room had suddenly gone silent, even the representative Zhu Xi who was originally shouting stopped, Luo Feng’s heart trembled and turned to look at the screen.

On the screen.

On the left side, the swallowing monster’s head was still left with only a mouth, the suspicious thing was, it was still floating, its two horns, one short and one long were still floating beside.

The two horns’ engravings suddenly started shininged with a dazzling golden light!

Ang!

The swallowing monster’s body, especially the neck, back and golden engraved scales began to light up, the light swiftly flowed through the engravings through to the pair of enormous wings! In a blink of an eye, the pair of wings seemed to grow bigger a little, its shape changing slightly.

Whoosh!

It became just like a golden beam of light!

The swallowing monster, with the top half of its head blown off and left with only its mouth, rushed straight into the ocean, rumble! The ocean exploded open!

“We’ve failed?” Hong’s face had gone pale, his body trembling.

Jia Yi looked at the screen, his face terrified as he shook his head non stop. He shook, and shook his head. Eventually, tears started rolling down his face.

Thunder God, who was holding a few wine glasses and getting ready to distribute them to celebrate, looked at the screen wide-eyed. The wine glasses in his hands dropped to the floor!

“Pa! Pa! Pa!”

The glasses broke, shards flew about, the sounds felt like they were piercing through their hearts, Luo Feng stared hard at the screen, there was no more emotion left in him…

Despair?

His heart was as good as dead.

At this moment!

Everyone on Earth’s hearts stopped beating, all of humanity felt despair!

At this moment!

It was like looking at humanity’s extinction!

“The swallowing monster is travelling along the seabed at a speed of 36063 m per second! It’s 2.37 times faster than before!” Within the listening room, the mechanical voice reported without any feelings or emotions, oddly enough, there wasn’t any reaction in the listening room, everybody was as quiet as figurines, almost as if they all died!


Chapter 251: Heavy Losses

Within the darkness of the listening room, Luo Feng could only feel a sense of emptiness in his mind, he couldn’t hear anything from the outside world at all.

“We’ve failed?”

“We’ve failed? We’ve actually failed? How could we have failed? How could we have failed!” Luo Feng was swallowed by a surge of remorse and pain, with regards to the attack, he had placed too much, too much hope on it! Ever since the failure of the hydrogen bomb, humanity had had only one move left, to let Hong and Thunder God, the two strongest on earth go fight it out.

However, even a fight to the death didn’t bring about any guarantee.

And the b6 grade laser cannon he had acquired was something that had a lot of guarantee. The entire earth’s elites were all excited because of the cannon! Everyone was anticipating this attack!

Indeed!

The b6 cannon was incomparably strong! It easily destroyed the golden horned beast’s brain, even shooting through to space. However!!! No one could have expected that even with it’s brains blown off and left with only it’s mouth, the golden horned beast was still alive and not dead!!!

“How could it not have died, how could this happen?” Within the wrist cuff space, Babata was shocked and shaking his head, “Not right, not right. Be it humans or animals, the soul is kept within one’s consciousness, and that is in the brain! Destroying the brain, means certain death. Unless it’s spirit imprint is in every cell, where with just a single cell, it can be reborn.”

“However, a star level definitely cannot reach such a stage!” Babata constantly shook his head, “Unless the the golden horned beast has some special talent?”

No one knew!

Within the universe, the understanding of the space beasts was too little, far too little. Even throughout the Yun Mo Planet master’s entire life, he had never come across a golden horned beast. The understanding of the golden horned beast was far too little!

Within the listening room.

“Hurry, the laser cannon, hurry and retrieve the laser cannon!” Jia Yi suddenly roared.

The 11 others in the house were shaken to their senses.

“The laser cannon!”

Luo Feng’s eyes too were opened wide, staring at the screen, only to see the black metal robot grasping the laser cannon and frantically escaping, in the other scene, a huge silhouette was madly chasing behind.

“The metal robot’s flying speed is 2110m per second, the swallowing monster on the seabed chasing, is moving at a speed of 36069m per second, the distance between the 2 is 520km, 460km, 398km…” Within the listening room, the emotionless mechanical voice said non stop, everybody’s expressions changed.

“Hurry, hurry, hurry.” Thunder God said urgently.

“It’s not going to make it.” Hong’s face was pale, shaking his head, “The two originally had a distance of 1000km or so. The swallowing monster’s speed is 36km per second, the robot’s speed is too slow. 30 seconds and it’ll catch up. The laser cannon won’t get the chance to fire a second shot.”

The group of star traveller warriors beside were panicking so hard their fists were gripped tight enough to hear their joints cracking.

Luo Feng stared at the screen.

As the swallowing monster was progressing underwater, the satellites were unable to get a picture of it. However, it could still follow and trace the golden horned monster’s large life force! Afterall, it’s life force was too huge. Especially now with its speed quickly increasing to twice of that before, its life force was a lot stronger.

3200m below the surface of the ocean, the golden horned monster’s wings were bigger than before, the scales on them were more closely packed, the golden engravings on the scales seemed to have some magical power, allowing the golden horned monster’s speed underwater to increase to an unbelievable level!

Rage!

The golden horned beast was raging unlike never before, even the previous attack from the hydrogen bomb before was just a superficial injury to it. This time however, the damage was 10 times, 100 hundred times worse! This injury that was unlike any other previous one stirred up the madness and rage within its bones.

Suddenly, the golden horned beast’s speed decreased!

“Ang!”

The two horns , one long and one short that had been floating on its back, the long one suddenly lit up with golden light and became a beam of golden light, rushing straight upwards!

Xiu!

As fast as lightning!

The golden horn instantly pierced through more than 3000m of the ocean, breaking through the surface. It was too fast, it didn’t allow the black robot any time to evade! Both of the black metal robot’s hands were grasping the b6 cannon; the cannon was still in the midst of preparation.

“Gather!”

The golden horn immediately pierced through the crystal figured beautiful laser cannon, breaking the cannon’s preparation. With a bang, the cannon broke apart like glass, and at the same time, the golden horn had fiercely pierced into the black metal robot’s body. Rumble…the black yttrium metal robot was extremely sturdy.

Weng…

The robot became like a shooting star, getting blown away in mid air and flying tens of kilometers back before falling straight into the ocean with a crash and sinking.

Within the listening room, Hong, Thunder God, Luo Feng and the others all watched the screen.

On the screen, the silhouette in the ocean was gradually sinking deeper, deeper…

“Luo Feng, the robot has suffered an immensely strong attack, causing the control systems within its body to be damaged, I can’t call it back anymore.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind, Luo Feng closed his eyes, one repair robot didn’t mean anything at all. However…the attack that carried the hopes of humanity, had failed!

“Sorry, Luo Feng, within my database, there’s too little information regarding the space beasts. As for the golden horned beast, there’s even less. I only know some common knowledge.” Babata apologized.

He too knew what this failure tasted like to the rest of humanity.

Silence.

There was only silence within the work room.

Jia Yi stood by the window and took out a pack of cigarettes from his pocket. He lit one and smoked alone.

“Give me one too.” Zhu Xi took one and also smoked.

Everybody else was either sitting quietly, or closing their eyes in pain. Basically, everybody was extremely silent.

“Strong defense, incredible speed, and it can even explode with even more shocking speed than before! Not just that, even with its brains blown off, it can still survive and attack! It even has the ability of a spirit reader, as it can control its horn to attack from a distance! Also, its power is huge.” Luo Feng’s mind was replaying the information, “It has an internal world within that can directly ingest a large amount of metal into that world.”

“And its speed of growth is extremely shocking!”

My god!

How did such a space beast land on earth, and how could they resist?

“Weng weng…”

Suddenly a watch communicator vibrated, the 12 people in the work room all turned at almost the same time, it was Mo Henderson’s tactical communications watch. He pressed the button and immediately an American English speaking voice came through: “Do you guys have any ideas on that side? Are there any more ideas? Ask Luo Feng, ask the 2 chairmen, are there any more ways?”

“Alright, I’ll ask.” Mo Henderson said softly before hanging up.

Mo Henderson looked to the others.

Luo Feng shook his head.

Hong and Thunder God looked at each other, a smile appearing at the same time across their faces! A strange smile that seemed to contain a feeling of acceptance of death, a smile that shook one’s soul.

This failure was a heavy blow to every country. Originally filled with hope, many people excitedly watching the golden horned monster’s head get destroyed, some people even fainted from their excitement. However, all of this fell apart and the scene changed from heaven to hell, they had entered a nightmare.

The swallowing monster, was more terrifying and more powerful than what humanity had imagined!

Even without its head, it was still as strong as before, and it’s speed was even faster!

“My god.”

“Oh lord, save your children.”

“God.”

A few of earth’s elites, even those who weren’t religious, began to quietly pray. Only in such dire, hopeless times will man wish for a miracle or divine intervention! And at that time, even these elites were hoping for such an intervention! Obviously…they were in despair and totally helpless!

……

The rock stratum on the seabed, 23,000m or so below the surface.

The golden horned monster’s body was lying within the darkness, its entire body was glowing with threads of golden light, its head which was only left with a mouth, had blood and meat intertwining, skin rebuilding and scales reappearing. Within a short time, it was growing back out! Even its ears have steadily grown out, and its pair of dark golden eyes have also regrown.

Finally!

Its entire head had regrown, with one short and one long horn on its forehead, the only thing was that the scales on its head were more tender and not as hard as the rest of its body. Rage could be seen within its pupils, endless rage! It was like a blaze burning!

“Howl…”

“Howl…”

A low pitched howl that contained anger continuously echoed throughout.

Its injury was too severe!

It would never forget the instant where the white light pierced through its body. The light was so fast it couldn’t even evade it and had no power to resist! Its entire body’s power had gathered within…its horn! It was incomparably sturdy and incomparably sharp. Even though the laser had knocked it far away, it wasn’t destroyed despite being heavily damaged.

“Wu!”

Once its body had fully recovered, the golden horned monster felt a hunger like never before! Its internal world too was extremely ravished! Every cell in its body was shouting out!

It had used up too much energy, its power had decreased by a lot.

It required emergency sustenance, “Wu…” The golden horned monster let out a low howl, rushing out from the rock stratum upwards. It needed food! It needed metal!

Luo Feng’s home’s listening room, the sky outside was getting dark.

Luo Feng and the other nine people were looking at two people… Hong and Thunder God.

“There’s no chance for survival if we keep going on like this. This swallowing monster is too powerful, too strange.” Hong shook his head, “It’ll get stronger just by growing, even if we humans hid within the archeological ruins, we would still end up being killed by it. Also, I believe that it has sustained severe injuries after receiving the attack from the laser cannon. I suspect its last speed burst was a struggle from the heavy damage. It might have even been its final last burst before it dies!”

After he said that last sentence, even Hong himself didn’t believe it.

“Even if it wasn’t a last burst, its power would definitely be a lot lower than before.” Hong said, “We have to take this chance while it’s weak and kill it!”

“Right, once we miss this chance, there won’t be any others.” Thunder God nodded.

Luo Feng and the others were a bit sad.

Were they going to watch Hong and Thunder God risk their lives?

“Thunder God and I both have our own domain. If we really risk it all, there’s hope.” Hong smiled, beside him, Thunder God too nodded and smiled.


Chapter 252: Luo Feng’s Responsibility

“Domain?” Luo Feng was somewhat taken aback.

Only Hong had his own domain on earth, and Hong became the undisputed number 1 on the planet because of it. However according to Hong , it seemed that even Thunder God had his own domain now.

“That’s impossible!!!”

“How can that be?”

From the wrist cuff space, Babata’s eyes were opened wide and he kept shouting out, “Domain! How can one planet suddenly come up with two who have their own domains, and they are both only star traveller warriors! This is just impossible, one’s an abnormality, it’s already like striking the lottery. How can there be 2?”

“Babata, there’s no need for such a ruckus.” Luo Feng’s thoughts communicated to him, “If Thunder God having his own domain, then in a battle to the death with the Golden horned beast, there’s a little more hope, it’s a good thing.”

Luo Feng’s mood was extremely heavy.

“No, Luo Feng, you don’t understand.” Within the virtual space, Babata said, “Let’s put it this way, your soaring shuttles three big forms and nine levels, the conditions for the third form, you should remember right?”

“I remembered, reach the Universe level, multiplier at 48, and I must have my own domain. Only then can I train and put it to use.” Luo Feng remembered clearly.

“3 conditions, reaching the Universe level is one, what does that mean? It means! Even amongst the Universe level warriors, there are those without their own domains! Universe level, normally, one galaxy only has one Universe level! And they don’t necessarily have their own domain!” Babata couldn’t help but say frantically, “According to the four stages of: Basics…Perception…Domain… World! Luo Feng right now, you are only in the Basics part of it.”

“Even in the category of Star level warriors, very very few of them actually have their own domain.”

“For a Star traveller level warrior to have their own domain? It’s basically dumb luck, striking the 1st prize in lottery! Earth already had Hong, and now even Thunder God too? From a theoretical standpoint, this is…is basically one out of trillions!!!” Babata couldn’t help but shout out.

Luo Feng thought for awhile, Babata’s reaction did have its logic.

One galaxy usually only produces one Universe existence, and they didn’t necessarily have their own domain. The probability of a Star traveller warrior to have his own domain was basically impossible, and yet earth had two!

“That’s good too.” Babata nodded, “This Thunder God having his own domain, if he and Hong teamed up, with an ultimate life sacrificing attack, they do indeed have some hope.”

“There’s hope?” Luo Feng was surprised after hearing those 2 words from Babata.

“Oh, Luo Feng, you haven’t muddled around in the universe before, you don’t know how hard it is to acquire one’s own domain. If Hong and Thunder God were to be discovered in the universe, they would either be killed by others who are jealous, or invited to join some big organization. Star travellers who have their own domains, are definitely labeled as geniuses.”

“And warriors with their own domains, once they risk it all!”

“Will be very scary, because they can use their genes and cells, body power, spirit and mental strength, consciousness all joined together. They can resonate with the space in the universe.” Babata explained, “and when they risk it all, their souls will burn. This combination of powers causes their strength to rise to a terrifying level.”

“Even when they don’t risk it all, Star traveller warriors with their own domains, are naturally invincible in their own class.”

“The moment they risk it all, one’s a Star traveller level 7 while the other’s a Star traveller level 8. I believe that Hong’s domain, is far more vast and deep, maybe even reaching the 2nd level of domain already. When they both immolate their souls and battle to the death, it’ll be hard to say.” Babata sighed incessantly, “Two incredible geniuses…if they were exposed to the rest of the universe, they wouldn’t even have to risk their lives.”

Ming Yue district grass patch, Luo Feng watched as ship after ship left.

“Hong, Thunder God, you must succeed!” Luo Feng muttered quietly.

“Howl…”

“Rumble…”

A rumble from the east side, explosion, monsters’ roaring sounds travelled over, fires ablaze. From early in the afternoon, the sea creatures had already begun their battle with the Jiang Nan headquarter city! However, with humanity’s up to ten years of preparation, they could definitely withstand their attacks for at least quite awhile.

“Creak!” Luo Feng pushed opened the door and walked into the living room.

His entire family was in the living room.

“Bro, what’s the matter?” Luo Hua stood up and asked.

“Is the swallowing monster dead?” Xu Xin, who was originally sitting in the sofa stood up, nervously looking hopefully at Luo Feng. The 7 people within the living room were all looking at Luo Feng, Luo Feng had earlier disclosed that they were attacking the devouring monster today, and that there was a high guarantee of killing it.

“No.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“However, there’s still hope.” Luo Feng said softly, “There’s definitely still hope.”

Finishing, Luo Feng went upstairs immediately.

The seven in the living room looked at each other, Gong Xin Lan said softly, “The stress on Little Feng must be huge, Xu Xin, go keep him company.”

“Ok.” Xu Xin followed the staircase up.

Inside the 2nd floor’s bedroom.

Luo Feng lay on the bed, looking at the ceiling.

“Babata, is there any other way to kill the swallowing monster?” Luo Feng asked.

“No, even the b6 laser cannon has failed and been destroyed, there’s no other way. You can only rely on the 2 Star traveller domain warrior genius to fight it out.” Babata said, “When they immolate their souls, there’s a chance.”

“Babata.”

Luo feng asked, “My hybrid copper essence shard, is incomparably sharp. If either Hong or Thunder God uses it, wouldn’t it be extremely powerful? They might even be able to kill the golden horned beast.”

“No, one of them uses a spear, while their other a blade.” Babata said surely, “Only when using a gun and saber, can they maximize the power of their domains. This hybrid copper essence shard, is only a shard, how will the 2 fighters use it? Only you as a spirit reader can use it.”

Luo Feng was panicking inside.

The feeling of waiting for humanity’s extinction, was painful. He felt extremely helpless.

“Don’t worry, I’m in the midst of building a spear and a blade.” Babata said, Hong and Thunder God’s weapons– spear and blade, while they may be considered as godly weapons here on earth, in the universe, they are simply too weak. I’m using some metal materials from the ship to meld a couple of weapons, be it sharpness or sturdiness, they’ll definitely exceed what Hong and Thunder God have now.”

“Good.”

Luo Feng suddenly heard footsteps outside, Xu Xin opened the door and walked in.

“You must be very tired?” Xu Xin sat on the bed, gently massaging Luo Feng’s shoulders.

“I’m ok.” Luo Feng sniffed the fragrant perfume from Xu Xin’s body and couldn’t help but to extend his hand and pull her over to hug her.

Xu Xin moved closer to Luo Feng, placing her head on his chest, saying softly, “Luo Feng, there’s something I originally wanted to tell you after the disaster had passed, however, I’m afraid that if I don’t say it now, I’ll never get the chance to say it.”

“What is it?” Luo Feng asked curiously.

“I’m, I’m pregnant.” Xu Xin said softly.

Her voice was soft, yet it resounded like thunder within Luo Feng’s ears.

Hu!

Luo Feng immediately sat upright, looking shocked at Xu Xin, “You, you are saying…”

“Yes.” Xu Xin nodded.

“Haha, let me check, oh, hehe, indeed, it’s a pair of twins, both boys. Haha…” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind.

“Pregnant? This, this…” Luo Feng’s eyes opened wide.

He was extremely happy and yet extremely worried.

What’s up with this!

Indeed, during the winter holiday before he stayed with Xu Xin, and they began discussing marriage. When a man and woman live together, things were bound to happen naturally. If not for the golden horned beast, he would have been elated after hearing such news. However, now…

Humanity and it’s society was facing extinction, yet Xu Xin was pregnant, and with twins!

“Are you not happy?” Xu Xin was startled.

“No, it’s not like that, I’m very happy, just very troubled.” Luo Feng’s worries, without any preparation, just increased ten fold.

Damn!

When he was with Xu Xin before, they never thought of protection, pregnancy was supposed to be a good thing since they were about to get married. Who would have known now…

If they didn’t kill the golden horned beast, all of humanity was definitely going to die.

Even if he had the power to protect his wife and children, how could he let them live such a lonely life? And Luo Feng was very clear… travelling in the universe without reaching the star traveller level would mean certain death!

“Luo Feng, what are you thinking?” Xu Xin raised her hand and grabbed his arm.

“Nothing.”

Luo Feng gently hugged Xu Xin, lowered his head, resting on her abdomen. This made her laugh: “It’s still too early, you can’t hear anything.”

“I can hear it.”

Luo Feng thought about it, this was the passing on of bloodlines. Hong’s earlier speech about giving his children a chance of survival didn’t resonate much with Luo Feng, but now…it did! It was a very peculiar feeling!

“Children, I don’t know whether I’ll get the chance to see your mom give birth to you. However, I promise, you will have a beautiful childhood, be able to go to school, practice martial arts…I won’t allow you to live in fear, forever living a life without hope. I promise! I promise with my life!”

January 16, Afternoon, there was some fog.

Luo Feng stepped on the soaring shuttle and arrived at Hong Ning base.

There was no pedestrians to be seen at Hong Ning headquarter city, only large numbers of military personnel swiftly advancing. Luo Feng landed on that interstellar transport ship’s entrance.

“Investigator Luo.”

The guard at the entrance bowed respectfully.

Luo Feng walked directly in, swiftly heading towards the training room where Hong and Thunder God were. Along the pathways, he met two people, one guy and one girl, both youths. The girl’s facial features were similar to Hong’s. Luo Feng had read information about Hong’s son and daughter before.

“Investigator Luo.” The two youths bowed.

“You two are the Head’s children?” Luo Feng asked, while they seemed young, these 2 youths were actually older than Luo Feng, only because of the difference in power, they seemed younger.

“Yes.”

The two youths’ eyes were red, it was obvious they had been crying.

“At this point in time, I won’t meet the Head. You two can pass these two weapons to the Head and Thunder God. Also, this body armor, give it to Thunder God.” Luo Feng said, passing the bag he was wearing over to them, within it was the sharp weapons Babata had rushed out the night before. Along with it was the tight armor the owner of the black dragon mountain x81 left behind when he died.

Hong had the cloud contact vine to protect his entire body, so he didn’t need it. Giving it to Thunder God naturally made more sense.

“This…” The two youths were shocked.

“The Head hardly ever looks after you two however, your father is very great and noble. Truly.” Luo Feng said before turning and leaving.


Chapter 253: To Joke Together

Within the training room.

Hong was dressed in black, grabbing onto a completely black speak. And dressed in white was Thunder God, he too was examining a pure black blade.

“Good weapons.” Hong’s eyes lit up.

“The blade’s sturdiness, center, feels extremely comfortable to wield. It’s extremely compatible with my skills.” Thunder God couldn’t help but praise it, “And, it’s very sharp.” With an easy movement, just waving the blade around gave the feeling of it slicing through the air.

Hong laughed as he looked at Thunder God, “That armor is a treasure, you’ve struck gold.”

“Haha, looks like it wasn’t just us who earned some rewards from the ruins, this Luo Feng has gotten some too.” Thunder God couldn’t help but praise, “Did he find an armory in the ruins? Otherwise, how else could he have found weapons so compatible for us, and of such quality too.”

Hong and Thunder God both had their own domains.

They were of an extremely high level, even though they had just received the weapons, they just required a short movement and feel of it before being able to maximize its full potential and power.

“Master.”

A low voice sounded, “The swallowing monster has just appeared at America, it’s roaming about the wilderness and it just devoured a broken down shipyard, swallowing many corroded steamers. It appeared for just 2 minutes and 18 seconds before flying back into the ocean.”

Hong and Thunder God’s expressions changed.

Last night, the swallowing monster appeared twice in a row, including this morning, that made it three times.

Every time it appeared it would come out for a very short time, devour a large amount of metal before flying back.

“It has become extremely cautious.” Hong’s voice was cold, “Obviously the laser from before has made it more careful. However, from last night till now, it actually come out three times to feed. It definitely has suffered heavy damage and requires ingesting large amounts of metal to regain its strength.”

“Right, we cannot wait any longer.” Thunder God said seriously.

“Yes.” Hong nodded.

They were originally thinking of taking the chance when the swallowing monster comes out from the ocean to attack and kill it. They didn’t expect the time it spent outside to be so short and retreating immediately!

“We’ll fly above the sea following its life force and trace it. The moment it appears…” Thunder God’s gaze grew sharp.

“Let’s go.” Hong was even more frank.

They were clear…

The swallowing monster now was one that was still recovering, the moment they wasted this chance, when the swallowing monster had regained its full strength, their chances would be even slimmer then!

Yang Zhou City outside walls.

Jiang Nan headquarter city was separated into the main district and the eight great citadels, these eight cities surrounded the main city! That’s why after the battles started, the real fights were in the eight great cities, and the main district was right inside and very safe. Unless it got attacked directly by the swallowing monster, it would normally be untouched.

“Xiu, xiu, xiu!”

Knives were dancing, flying past the metal walls into the spacious river, this river was filled with hundreds of millions of monsters following the course from the Yangtze river, digging their way through here. The river was 12 km long and 60m wide. Countless sea creatures swam along the course, killing in towards Yang Zhou city, not afraid of death at all.

“Retreating, they are retreating.” The soldiers on the wall shouted excitedly.

“The number of monsters killed are simply too many, the entire river has been clogged. The creatures behind can’t even get past, along with the horde leaders in front, they were all killed in an instant by Luo Feng. They couldn’t do anything but retreat and regroup.” Li Da Wei surveyed the scene below, “Hm, we have about two hours of time to rest.”

Luo Feng surveyed the bodies that clogged up the entire river, shaking his head.

There were just too many monsters!

Everyday, countless more sea creatures were born, can humanity even keep up? They could resist for a short time, however as time passed, they would be worn down and the situation would get worse!

The worst thing was…the swallowing monster destroying the base’s iron walls!

Once those were gone, the walls built over tens of years for protection, the sea creatures could directly enter and kill the populace…once that happened, it was over. The most pressing issue was to first kill the swallowing monster.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked at his tactical communications watch, it was the Dojo of Limits and Thunder Dojo’s information sources sending out news.

The two great heads!

Hong and Thunder God had left and headed towards the Pacific ocean to battle the swallowing monster!

Li Da Wei beside him also lowered his head to look at his watch communicator.

“Has it begun?” Li Da Wei’s face had a hint of anxiety.

“Commanding officer Li, I’ll return first. If there’s any trouble, inform me.” Luo Feng said before swiftly flying off.

Luo Feng flew high above Yang Zhou city, he clearly saw that several huge screens within the streets had already switched to the scene above the Pacific ocean. And on the screens, a man dressed in black and another bald man in a white robe, flying side by side.

Luo Feng felt his heart sink.

“Humanity’s last hope?” Luo Feng thought, as to the reason for broadcasting this to the Dojo of Limits, the Thunder Dojo, and to the rest of the world, Luo Feng was extremely clear! After all, the two leaders of the biggest dojos were about to fight to the death for mankind and they had a high chance of losing. Were they supposed to just let their leaders sacrifice themselves in silence and secrecy?

For the rest of the world, this time, also spurred on humanity’s fighting spirit.

Should Hong and Thunder God succeed, it would of course be a joyous occasion.

Should they fail, they would still stir up humanity’s determination and fighting spirit.

Ming Yue district, as a small district of the Dojo of Limits, all the residents had already begun gathering and heading towards the dojo.

Within the Dojo of Limits’ biggest training hall, approximately 1000 people had gathered, the huge walls at the side had big screens on them, projectors projecting the footage on them. It was the pacific ocean…

“At this time, Hong and Thunder God, the two strongest warriors to date on Earth, are flying side by side above the pacific ocean, their target is the sea creatures’ strongest existence…the swallowing monster!” From the side came a voice explaining the scene and this particular battle, this pivotal battle, was being broadcasted to the entire world.

This included the various countries’ leaders who were watching nervously.

Humanity’s two strongest warriors! They were risking it all! “Investigator Luo, just how powerful is the swallowing monster? The two heads will definitely win.” A youth said softly from behind Luo feng.

Luo Feng glanced at the youth, he was a new fighter, one who had just moved to Ming Yue not long ago. Looking at this youth, Luo Feng felt like he was staring straight to when he had just moved from his rented apartment to Ming Yue district some time ago.

“Definitely, they will win.” Luo Feng said firmly.

With almost 1000 people within the training room, everyone raised their heads to look at the screens. As time was short, the dojo didn’t have the capability to gather so many chairs, especially at such a time, no one could have prepared for this.

Luo Feng’s family was present too. Luo Feng held onto Xu Xin’s hand, quietly watching the screen.

At that time!

The entire world was watching two of humanity’s strongest fighters to date, one in black while another in white, the two were like legendary gods flying in mid air! Indeed, it was only afternoon in Hua Xia, but for Hong and Thunder God who were way out in the ocean, the sky was already dark.

“Haha, Brother Hong, how many people do you think are watching us two right now.” Thunder God grinned and laughed.

“More than six billion I guess.” Hong laughed and glanced at him, “At a time like this, is there a need for such things?”

“Heck, can’t one be proud even before one’s death?” Thunder God was smiling.

“That mischievous face, decades of that mischievous face, even at a time like this, it’s still the same.” Hong smiled as he said that. At that time, their souls felt a never before sense of emptiness, they had already disregarded their imminent deaths, thrown everything else away from their mind, their target was only one…

To kill the swallowing monster!

Under such circumstances, the two however felt totally at ease! Every cell in their bodies were almost boiling, all ready to battle.

“Master, the swallowing monster is swiftly swimming upwards, it’ll fly out from the surface very soon.” A voice resounded in Hong’s mind.

A calculating AI system…

Actually, the number of AI systems Hong had acquired were numerous, like the construction of the wargod palace’s virtual space, like the speaking voice within the Dojo of Limits that always spoke in that soft voice. Hong could take out so many treasures to exchange, so his earnings must have been much more than that. After all, he was the Earth’s strongest, most of the treasures from the ruins earlier were taken by him alone.

Like back when Luo Feng was attending the investigators’ ball, Hong just flipped his hand and the investigator’s scroll appeared, this was because he had a space storage compartment, just like Luo Feng.

With regards to the quality of treasures, Luo Feng had acquired more than him.

However when it came to quantity, Hong had much more than Luo Feng.

“Flying out of the surface?” Hong’s eyes it up.

“Go, over there.” Hong shouted.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

One black and one white, two beams of light swiftly headed southwest.

In the dark night, the winds howled, the deep ocean was madly stirring and waves crashed against the surface, wave after wave tens of meters high formed.

Rumble!

A terrifying creature fiercely rushed out from the ocean, with enormous scaled wings, four claws, a powerful tail, and that golden horn that seemed to pierce the skies! However the golden engravings on the horn seemed to have dimmed a little from before. Yet, it’s dark golden pupils seemed even more crazy and terrifying!

It was an oppressive rage kind of madness!

It was regaining its strength gradually, once its strength was sufficient, it would definitely take revenge, savagely!

“Roar!”

The golden horned beast immediately flew out of the surface of the ocean. About 10km out, it suddenly stopped, slightly moving it’s head, the dark golden pupils seemed to be able to see a 100km out, noticing the two energies ahead! However, these weak and small energies actually dared to challenge it, this enraged the golden horned beast even more.

Its pure and elite bloodline made it extremely proud and arrogant!

Looking to the vast universe, it was the leading and most elite bloodline. On such a small and weak planet, the puny humans actually dared to challenge it?

“Rumble!”

The scaled wings started to fan, within an instant, it became a beam of light headed straight towards Hong and Thunder God!

The entire world held its breath at that moment.

Within the training room of the Dojo of Limits in Ming Yue district, close to 1000 people were nervously watching the screen. On the screen, above the deep ocean, the enormous body of the swallowing monster was less than a 1000m from Hong and Thunder God. “Rumble! Rumble!” Hong and Thunder God’s entire bodies emitted a heart palpitating light.

In an instant, they had already began their soul immolation!

The battle had started within an instant!

“Hong, Thunder God, it’s all up to you.” Luo Feng held on to Xu Xin’s hand, looked at Xu Xin’s stomach, and back up at the screen.


Chapter 254: Indiscriminate Destruction

Night.

The deep pitch black ocean was roaring, the winds were howling, and all was dark. And above the ocean, humanity’s greatest and most terrifying foe, the swallowing monster, was engaged in battle with humanity’s two greatest warriors Hong and Thunder God!

Rumble! Rumble!

Within an instant, Hong and Thunder God had already begun to use the most powerful technique available to fighters with domains! If they didn’t have their own domains, they would have no way to utilize such a skill!

Hong’s entire body, including that spear, within an instant, was enshrouded in a black light.

Thunder God was enshrouded in a green snake-like light!

“Haha.” Thunder god laughed loudly.

“Haha.” Hong also laughed.

Xiu! Xiu!

The two immediately became two beams of light, charging straight at the swallowing monster from different directions. The swallowing monster was floating in mid air, its dark pupils coldly glaring at the two humans rushing at it…from its point of view, these two humans were nothing but ants, two ants that were slightly stronger than the countless others!

Yang Zhou, within the Dojo of Limits training room.

Luo Feng’s was beside his family, watching the screen nervously.

“They are giving it their all, Luo Feng, with Hong and Thunder God giving it their all, they’ve already begun their soul immolation! Their battle will last at most one minute. Within a minute, if the swallowing monster hasn’t been killed, the two of them will not be able to resist.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s head.

Luo Feng’s heart was in a frenzy, “Soul immolation, is it similar to the Yun Mo Planet’s spirit reader’s soul immolation?”

Within the Yun Mo Planet’s various books and manuals, there were many with regards to the basics. However, in the manual, there were also several secret techniques, for example, , and others. Every one of them were profound and deep, naturally, there were skills regarding the soul immolation!

“It’s definitely different, in skill level wise, the Yun Mo Planet’s version is much higher! However…while the skill level is higher, its power cannot be compared to those two.” Babata said, “What they are utilizing now, is an ultimate move only fighters with domains can use! Spirit, raw power, strength, willpower have all come together through the universe, exploding at an immense level of power. It’s extremely scary, if they can kill the enemy in a short amount of time, they can still live.”

However, if the swallowing monster doesn’t die, then they’ll die.” Babata said.

“Have the liquid silver guards reached there yet” Luo Feng asked. Back then at archeological ruin #12, Luo Feng had acquired three powerless liquid silver guards, however through Babata’s repair and power replenishing, they can now be used again.

“Almost! However, Luo Feng, the liquid silver guards are bodyguards. The two of them have gone on a suicide mission, so even the liquid silver guards won’t have the ability to help.” Babata said helplessly.

“We can only do all we can and resign to fate!” Luo Feng stared at the screen.

While the conversation with Babata seemed long, in truth, since it was just thoughts bouncing back and forth, it only took an instant. And within that short time!

The battle on the screen had already reached its climax!

It could be deemed as a star level battle, one that the ordinary folk couldn’t see clearly with the naked eye. They could only watch the replays on the side, the slowed down versions and listen to the explanations.

And Luo Feng…

Was the only person in the entire training hall capable of watching the battle clearly.

“Not good, the ultimate devouring skill.” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

……

The sky above the Pacific ocean.

The golden horned beast’s tail had become a blur, quickly swishing past space and whipping towards Hong and Thunder God. A boom sound was heard, the golden horned beast felt an immense power from the enemies’ spear, diminishing the power in its tail.

“Howl!!!”

The golden horned beast raised it’s head and let out an ear piercing howl, it…was enraged!

It had originally thought these two were just ants that were a little stronger, that it only required it’s normal strength to easily squash them. However after engaging, it realized…these two tiny humans had powers that were way more shocking. More so than what it’s bloodline memories and knowledge had informed it about the star traveller humans.

Also, sword skills, spear skills were way more shocking! Every slash, every shot seemed to be made by heaven, making it unable to predict at all!

It could be said…

This golden horned beast which had only been born for a year, with its long life ahead, was comparable to a human infant who had just been born and was still drinking milk. Even though its bloodline was elite, its bloodline memories vast and huge, but besides its natural techniques, the other knowledge and memories all had to be learned!

One year’s time, how’s that enough?

Theoretically speaking, even compared to Luo Feng, it was way behind! Compared to Hong and Thunder God who have stepped into the world of domains, the difference was as much as hundreds of thousands of miles.

The two warriors who were using the soul immolation, versus the golden horned beast which had suffered heavy injuries, the difference wasn’t really that big.

“Roar!”

The golden horned beast opened its mouth!

“Not good!”

“Careful!”

Hong and Thunder God’s expressions changed, the entire world watched through the satellite this scene, the fighters and warriors’ expressions all changed, everyone had seen the golden horned beast’s unique ability before, devouring.

“Rumble.”

Hong and Thunder God followed their battle plan from before, immediately heading in the same direction and flying! The two actually stuck together! The golden horned beast’s pupils surveyed these two little dots, enraged more so than before, these two unworthy little humans were basically asking to be killed. It thought it could first swallow one at a time, since they were together, it could just swallow both!!!

“Chi chi…”

The formless space spread out to a few hundred meters around, totally covering the Hong and Thunder God in the area.

“Brother Hong.” Thunder God’s expression slightly changed.

“Hmph.”

With a wave of his hand, Hong made a large amount of black metal remains appear between himself and the swallowing monster! It was so densely packed there didn’t seem to be any space at all between. If it was based on mass, the huge amount of metal remains seemed even bigger than the swallowing monster by a little!

180m long, 120m wide, 100m tall, that was an estimate of the amount.

The huge amount of metal remains were densely packed together.

One must know that the black dragon mountain x81 ship that Luo Feng obtained was only 100m big. And while the ship’s metal may have been a lot, there were large amounts of space within, like the big hall, the cabin, the control room etc! This meant that the battleship, the transport ships and others were all just shells! They couldn’t possible be totally made out of metal.

However…

What appeared was a densely packed metal remains form of a plaything.

“We let you swallow, all you want!!! If you can’t take it after swallowing a few military bases, these are ancient ruin ship remains that are probably way higher quality than the metal on the whole of earth! In fact, with so much metal, it’s even enough to build ten scout ships. Let’s see if you can swallow it all.” Hong’s eyes were cold as he thought to himself.

Common sense…

It was similar to man eating something, once he/she’s eaten too much, they’d be overstuffed.

“I’ll add on more for you.” Hong’s gaze was cold, swiftly waving his hand!

Hua!

Another set of densely packed long metals!

“Come on, this were all from me collecting from the various countries, there’s a total of 18 hydrogen bombs! There are other atomic bombs used to detonate the hydrogen bombs.” Hong just took out the hydrogen bombs.

“Roar!”

The golden horned beast was so enraged it stopped it’s devouring and let out a roar!

The last time, the 1.5 hundred million ton hydrogen bomb and its power, the beast still remembered clearly. Now another 18 bombs? While their size was smaller, the golden horned beast didn’t dare randomly swallow! And…that 180m long, 120m wide and 100m tall, made totally of metal remains, it too didn’t dare to swallow!

Why did it have to use a few trips to ingest metal, and not just once and just ingesting more instead?

That was because it’s ‘stomach’ had a limit!

Humans eating too much will get bloated!

That was the logic it didn’t dare to eat too much! After all these metals, just one piece was equivalent to earth’s normal metals 100 of the same size a piece. Eating so much, it’s internal world would be so bloated it would collapse, once the internal world collapses, it too would die.

“Roar!!!”

It let out an enraged roar, the extremely angry golden horned beast’s horn on its forehead suddenly started glowing through the golden engravings, its pupils too changed to a bright golden color! The gold light swiftly followed through its neck, back and all the way to its front claws, the sharp claws that it used to attack directly!

Peng!

The huge amount of metal remains was struck till it flew all over, those sharp claws immediately attacked past the metal to where Hong and Thunder God were. However…the moment those huge claws dispersed the large amount of metal, a black wave immediately rushed over, its speed shocking!

“Chi!”

A very soft sound, just like one’s hair catching on fire, exactly like how the swallowing monster was hit by the b6 laser earlier!

“Chi!”

The black wave brushed past the claws and crashed straight into the golden horned beast’s abdomen! Its incomparably strong scales were actually drilled into, leaving a hole!

“Brother Hong!!!”

A mournful sound resounded loudly in the sky!

A flash of lightning madly rushed towards that cavity!

“Roar!” Feeling the black clothed man actually drilling into it’s body, the enraged golden horned beast began clawing towards the lightning covered bald white clothed man, “Chi chi…” the powerful air waves rushed towards the white clothed bald man, chi…fresh blood was spurting everywhere, the white clothed man’s waist down had been sliced into minced meat, only his upper half was fine only because of the fitting armor Luo Feng had given him.

Xiu!

He didn’t back down, even with the bottom half of his body was in pieces, he still had to rush in, he was clear on their plan, Hong would drill into the golden horned beast and the skill price he had to pay for using such a skill was terrifying. Their plan from the beginning had only been one…to kill the golden horned beast, the best way was to enter its body.

“All the way, regardless of death, we still have to kill it!!!”

There was half a white human silhouette.

Both eyes flushed red, madness beyond anything seen before!

Lighting was wrapping itself about the lower half of the white man silhouette, he pierced directly straight into the cavity!

“Roar!!!” The golden horned beast roared angrily, however those two darned humans had already entered into its flesh and body!

……

The entire world had gone silent.

Luo Feng stared at the screen only to see an extremely angry golden horned beast, while the right side of the screen was showing replays and slowed down footage.

In the replay…

Hong’s skin was covered in blood, almost like a mad god, piercing through the golden horned beast’s scales and into its body.

Thunder God, with only half of his body left, was madly rushing into its body, risking it all to kill the golden horned beast!


Chapter 255: The Fall

Silence.

When Hong and Thunder God entered the body of the swallowing beast, everybody’s hearts were hanging. However, nobody could see what was going on within the swallowing beast’s body!

“Babata, can Hong and Thunder God win?” Luo Feng was also extremely nervous.

“Don’t worry. Hong and Thunder God are the two genius fighters of earth and are extremely intelligent and decisive! To deal with the ‘swallowing’ move, Hong brought out so much metal debris. He was probably worried that the golden horned beast would actually be able to swallow all of that, so he even brought a bunch of hydrogen bombs! This made sure– that the golden horned beast wouldn’t devour all of that”

“And Hong used that chance to prepare his ultimate move! Clearly, his ultimate move needed time to prepare”

“When the enraged golden horned beast swiped at the metal debris with its claws, Hong’s ultimate move unleashed right on time! The tricks were all connected, how magnificent” reminisced Babata, “Luo Feng, don’t worry. Seeing their performance from beginning to end, the two of them have clearly made sufficient preparations! Now that they have entered the golden horned beast, the golden horned beast isn’t able to attack with its claws. Therefore, their chances of success have raised to around 50% or 60%.

How can Luo Feng not worry just from Babata’s words?

He couldn’t stop worrying!

Luo Feng continued to stare at the screen.

“The golden horned beast is still the holder of one of the most supreme bloodlines out of the space beasts, and it actually let Hong and Thunder God have a chance to pierce its scales and enter its body. It’s just….. so naive. Its battle capabilities are way too low.” Babata couldn’t help but to say, “Looking at its previous battles, it only relied on brute force.”

Indeed, with the golden horned beast’s strength, talent, etc. as long as it fought more intelligently or skillfully, it wouldn’t have ended up like this.

“If it was even more powerful, then we would have even less hope” Luo Feng was a bit bitter.

“I didn’t mean it like that. I’m just saying that this golden horned beast is probably very, very young. It just stepped into its adult stage of growth. Maybe it has no experience at all because it’s too young. Its methods of attacks are so simple and crude.” explained Babata.

It was born with its body and talent.

But experience, skill, maturity, cunning, etc. need to be cultivated. Even Earth’s genius Einstein and the wise Sun Wu from the Warring States period were ‘naive’ when they were babies. If you allow this golden horned beast to grow for 10,000 or 100,000 years, it will become absolutely terrifying.

But now?

It’s still small! And this young, small golden horned beast almost caused humanity on Earth to go extinct.

In the sky above the Pacific Ocean.

“WU–”

“WU!!!”

The golden horned beast let out cries of pain. Chichi~~ Golden light spread out on the surface of its scales and then seeped into its body. It wanted to kill those two abominable humans in its body.

Clearly.

Since the battlefield is inside the golden horned beast’s body, the golden lights let out by the golden horned beast weren’t too destructive. Otherwise, it would be killing itself.

“BOOM~~”

The entire body of the golden horned beast shook. Its dark golden eyes held a bit of anger and pain in them. Fresh, red blood seeped out of its mouth.

“BOOM~~”

This peculiar trembling caused the golden horned beast to raise its head and roar in pain. Droplets of red blood started to seep out of the slits between the stacked scales all over its body.

“BOOM!” “BOOM!” “BOOM!”

While it roared in pain, huge amounts of droplets of blood started seeping out of the scales on the surface of the golden horned beast’s body. After around 10 seconds, its entire body was enveloped in a layer of blood. At first, it started to roar in pain. But as time went on, its roars continuously became softer. In the end, it no longer gave off any sounds. Suddenly–

Its dark golden eyes started to become dim. Its gigantic scaled wings sank, and its gigantic body actually started to powerlessly fall downwards!

In China, on the displays on the streets, televisions in homes, and inside military camps…..

“Its life force is weakening!”

“The swallowing beast’s powerful life force is swiftly lowering! It only has its original 80%, 70%, 60%, 50%, 40%, 30%…..” an extremely excited voice rang around every part of China. Not only China, every other location on earth was in a state of extreme excitement.

“We won!”

“Won!”

“Victory!”

Voices and even cries filled with excitement rang up. Everybody on earth around every location on earth went into an uproar! In this moment, no matter male, female, old, young, no matter what race or which country, every single person from every single country cheered in happiness.

In Yang Zhou city’s Limit Hall’s training hall, uproar!

Everybody was yelling excitedly.

“Success! Its life force is disappearing!” Luo Feng looked at the falling golden horned beast’s corpse that was covered in fresh blood with excitement.

It actually died!

This horrifying monster that caused humans to despair, is finally dead! Holy! Luo Feng could barely believe such happiness has arrived.

“What about Hong and Thunder God?” Luo Feng looked at the display carefully.

The broadcaster’s voice rang: “Everybody on earth, we must bring you a piece of saddening news. Right now, we cannot detect any sort of life force at all. Which is to say….. even though the swallowing beast is dead, the two of our most powerful fighters on earth, the heads ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’, have sacrificed themselves! They are heroes, heroes who have saved the entire world!”

Silence.

The training hall settled down really quickly.

“Maybe not” Babata’s voice ranged in Luo Feng’s mind, “Hong and Thunder God might not have died”

“Maybe not? I thought they can’t detect their life force anymore?” a sliver of excitement and expectation raised in Luo Feng’s heart.

He didn’t want Hong and Thunder God to die like this either.

“No, your planet’s life force detectors were found in the ruins of spaceships! These detectors actually have an effective limit. When one’s life force lowers to a certain point, the life force detector isn’t able to detect it anymore. And the detectors themselves aren’t that good. It probably can’t detect any life force below the beginner student level fighter” explained Babata.

“NO!”

Shocked voices rang in the training hall, “The, the swallowing beast stopped”

Luo Feng froze, Xu Xin beside him froze, everyone froze.

Luo Feng looked over. The golden horned beast that was originally falling powerlessly on the display has indeed stopped its fall. It just hovered there. And the screen displayed….. that the golden horned beast is regaining its life force.

“The life force of the swallowing beast is becoming more powerful!” the broadcaster was full of shock.

Everyone was flabbergasted.

“What, what…..” Luo Feng widened his eyes in disbelief.

Why is it so hard to kill?

They sacrificed so much! WHY WON’T THIS SWALLOWING BEAST DIE!!!

The golden horned beast hovered in midair, its life force continuously strengthening, strengthening….. when it regained 10% of its strength, it continued to rise, 20%, all the way until 30%! When its life force raised to 30% of its original level, it stopped increasing.

…..

Countless people on earth despaired! Countless people cried without making a sound! Countless people fell to their knees in pain!

Holy!

In the sky above the Pacific Ocean.

The golden horned beast slowly opened its eyes. Its dark golden eyes were a bit powerless….. it has never been so close to death before! This time was even worse than the experience with the B6 grade laser cannon.

“wu” it roared powerlessly.

The golden horned beast looked towards its abdomen.

What was seen was a black clothed man and a white clothed man drenched in blood falling out of the hole in its abdomen. After that, they directly fell down towards the ocean below. The golden horned beast looked towards these two people….. these two seemingly insignificant humans caused it to approach death like never before. After this experience, it understood one thing!

You need to seriously exert your full force even against the weakest of foes!

“hu” the golden horned beast swiped with its claws!

HUA!

On the surface of the Pacific ocean stood a silverish white human. It started expanding ferociously right after appearing! From around two meters, it instantly expanded to a height of 200 meters!

A 200 meter tall silverish white giant! It was about as big as the golden horned beast!

“wu!” the golden horned beast was shocked as it looked at the silverish white giant below it.

The surface of the silverish white giant’s body seemed to have a flowing silverish white liquid on it. And now, it directly extended its gigantic palm between the swallowing beast and the two fighters Hong and Thunder God!

“PUCHI!” the claw smashed into the palm, which actually started to depress from the impact. But when the golden horned beast retracted its claw, the depression in the palm automatically repaired itself.

When the silverish white giant was blocking the golden horned beast, another silver man extended his hands and caught both Hong and Thunder God, and then swiftly started escaping towards the distance.

There were two liquid silver guards in total!

Luo Feng told Babata to arrange them to come over here in advance. If they have a chance, then save Hong and Thunder God!

“wu!”

How could the enraged golden horned beast watch those two abominable humans be taken away? It spread out its wings and went around the liquid silver guard that was blocking it as fast as lightning. It chased towards the other one….. in terms of speed, the golden horned beast was indeed fast. The liquid silver guard was moving at a little over 10,000 m/s.

The swallowing beast quickly caught up!

“Hu!” the liquid silver guard that was being chased ferociously expanded and transformed into a gigantic silver giant. In a moment, it wrapped around the swallowing beast.

The other liquid silver guard in the back swiftly picked up Hong and Thunder God and started running again!

Only after a while was the swallowing beast able to get out.

“wu!” the swallowing beast looked at the liquid silver guard that has contracted back into the size of a normal human with rage. Even though this weird thing isn’t as fast as the swallowing beast, and its attacks aren’t as powerful as the black clothed man and the white clothed man, its only advantage lies within– its liquid-like body that can swiftly expand and contract. It could wrap around people like taffy.

The liquid silver guards could mitigate the swallowing beast’s most powerful attacks.

The swallowing beast understood…..

That it actually might not have a chance of stealing those two human bodies with these two liquid silver guards working together.

“wu!”

The swallowing beast, which is currently extremely damaged and weakened, let out a roar of anger and then directly flew into the ocean.

…..

Ming-Yue sector, hallway outside of Limit Hall’s training room, Luo Feng was holding his phone.

Luo Feng’s face was purple from anger.

“Yes, I sent them. There’s no use, the liquid silver guards can only stall people and act like a bodyguard. They can’t kill the swallowing beast” Luo Feng hung up his call with Jia Yi. His heart was filled with an unimaginable amount of sorrow. Other people were shocked at the appearance of the two liquid silver guards and even started to get a little hopeful.

But Luo Feng was clear.

The liquid silver guards were high tech products in the universe and their function was extremely clear: bodyguarding.

“What should we do, what should we do, just what should we do? Babata, tell me, what should we do?” Luo Feng was about to go insane. He closed his eyes in pain, and a bit of glistening could be seen in the corner of his eye.


Chapter 256: Earth’s Number One Spirit Reader

Earth’s Number One Spirit Reader

China, northeastern headquarter city

“Dad!”

A young beautiful lady was watching the broadcast on the screen, groaning and crying in pain, suddenly standing straight up, rushing into her own study. A few men and children in the same room watching the scene t oo were shocked in disbelief.

Within the study room.

The young lady quickly turned on her computer, entering into her emails and opening the latest and newest one. That particular email had a video attached, the lady bit her lip, trembling as she gently clicked the mouse once.

Beep.

A video opened, the scene that appeared was a bald dressed in white Thunder God.

“Little Lei.” Thunder God didn’t have the same mischievous smile, it was one of tenderness, “We haven’t seen each other in almost 16 years.”

“I still remember back then, the first time I brought you to the amusement park, the first time teaching you martial arts, the first time I scolded you, the first time I hit you.” Thunder God shook his head and smiled, “I know you hate me, however, if given a choice all over again, I would still choose to kill that useless fellow.”

“I also know you won’t be able to forgive me.”

“Back then when your mum left you to me, I made a promise to let you live a life of happiness, not to ever let you go through any difficulties or hardship. I didn’t expect things to turn out this way.”

“I won’t say anymore.”

“In a bit, I’ll be heading out with Hong. This time, I’m afraid it’ll be difficult to come back alive. So I thought about it and decided to send you this email!” Thunder God wiped his shiny bald head, “Little Lei, don’t worry, I, your father, will definitely kill that swallowing monster.”

“I told you before, I won’t let you suffer any hardship, this is a promise I made to your mum, and also one I made to you.”

“Love always, your father!”

On the screen, Thunder God smiled and the video ended.

“Sob…Sob…” The young lady lay flat on the desk and cried, her tears non stop.

Only when one has lost something will he/she feel the pain.

“Dad, dad, dad, come back, come back. I’m wrong, I’m wrong.” The young lady kept crying, she cried till her voice went hoarse, memories flashing in her mind, her mother died young, she was brought up single-handedly by Thunder God, he had pampered her a lot with incomparable love.

The only thing was she was only 16, because of her first relationship, Thunder God had actually killed her boyfriend. Having been spoilt and pampered since young, she was extremely enraged and left home, and even left behind some cruel words…

Now.

She suddenly realized, just how much her father had loved her.

Kyoto headquarter city, outer wall defense. Jia Yi was looking over the injured soldiers.

“Don’t move, just lie down and rest.” Jia Yi said.

“Yes sir.” A disabled and bandaged young soldier shouted.

Jia Yi stood up straight.

“Senior Official.” One policemen ran over.

“What’s the matter? “Jia Yi asked, the policemen lowered his voice and said: “Senior official, Liu Ning has been sacrificed.” Liu Ning was Jia Yi’s youngest disciple, he was only 19 this year, and he was also Jia Yi’s most favorite disciple. When the battle occurred, Jia Yi had sent almost all of them immediately to the battlefield.

“Oh.” Jia Yi responded and went silent, only his facial muscles moved a little.

“Little Ning…” Jia Yi grimaced within, looking at the entire patient ward, many of the injured soldiers had taken out their handphones and were looking through either pictures or messages.

“They are all so young!” Jia Yi felt a pain within his heart, yet he was helpless.

Hong and Thunder God’s failure had left the entire upper echelon of the world in pain and turmoil, and they also found out from Luo Feng…the liquid silver guards didn’t have the ability to kill the swallowing monster, which was even more disappointing.

However!

While the upper echelon was in dismay, the broadcasts weren’t!

At that moment, the entire world was still broadcasting the battles, however they were only replaying scenes from the battles, saying Hong and Thunder God were only injured heavily and not dead. They even say the two silver giants were earth’s latest technology, humanity’s hope!

This led to countless commoners and communities to be filled with hope!

Countless soldiers to carry on fighting!

Luo Feng had reached home.

Within the living room, the television was on.

“These two silver giants are the results of research from the various countries. Just like the countless battles over these thousands of years, humanity will definite emerge victorious!” The voice from the television said, Luo Feng couldn’t bear to listen and immediately left the living room for the third floor.

On the balcony.

A cool breeze blew, Luo Feng was slight refreshed.

“There’s no use Luo Feng, give up!” Babata coaxed, “Earth has no hope, just let everybody else die, you can’t stop it.”

“This doesn’t just concern one or two people dying, it’s countless people.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but rage, “Am I to just watch as countless youths, children and infants die? Am I to watch as the Earth becomes a playground for monsters? Humans going extinct? There must be a way, there must be.”

For the Earth to be overrun by monsters, the thought alone was a nightmare.

“The soul, is the root of life.”

Luo Feng’s eyes lit up, “That swallowing monster’s life force has become a lot weaker, does that mean that its soul, is also much weaker than before? Babata, tell me.”

“Erm…” Babata was hesitating.

“Tell me.” Luo Feng was getting impatient.

“Right, it’s very weak. However, it’s still not something a Star traveller level 3 spirit reader like you can handle.” Babata said.

“Babata, you said before, it’s still very young! Indeed…A Star traveller level has no ability to wander the universe. It’s currently only a Star level, meaning it was probably born on Earth! As strong as it is, if it was born much earlier, it would have been discovered by man much earlier.”

“To discover it so late, means it probably wasn’t born too long ago.” Luo Feng said, “It’s still young, it’s soul should be more fragile.”

“Also, it consecutively received the B6 laser cannon attack, and Hong and Thunder God’s attack. His power should be only about 20% of before.” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up, “If I use the Yun Mo Planet secret technique and risk it… The original power of the skill is already great, once I risk it all…”

“And if it’s not enough, I’ll use the secret technique, allowing the other strongest warriors on earth to combine strengths with me…” Luo Feng was swiftly simulating a plan in his thoughts.

The secret techniques of the Yun Mo Planet were very strong!

And Babata had always emphasized the importance of Luo feng studying these techniques. Till now, even though his studies hadn’t been too profound, the more elaborate ones, with Luo Feng’s current power, he was unable to use them. He was, however, able to draw his power to the maximum potential already.

“Luo Feng, don’t think such crazy thoughts!!!” Babata raged, “I don’t allow it, I definitely don’t allow it, I’ve waited fifty thousand years, for a disciple like you, I definitely don’t allow you to go and commit suicide!!!”

“I’m not going to commit suicide, Hong and Thunder God’s soul immolation, they didn’t die did they?” Luo Feng asked.

“But they are in a coma!”

Babata raged, “In the universe, even undying beings who receive heavy damage to their souls, some sleep for a million years before they recover! And some, just sleep forever. Hong and Thunder god may not be dead, but their souls are currently in a deep coma! Their souls were originally not strong, if they are lucky, they may awake in a couple of years. If not, they will never wake again and remain in that coma.”

“Luo Feng, don’t be rash.” Babata raged.

“I am Luo Feng, before I am a disciple of Yun Mo Planet.” Luo Feng said firmly.

“You want to go die?” Babata raged.

“Babata.” Luo Feng looked around, “you think I want to die? I don’t want to die!!! I wish so much to watch my children get born, so much to hear them call me father! I want to live! Even in my dreams I want to live!”

“But you…” Babata hesitated.

“Babata, right now I only have two choices! One, be like a cowardly tortoise, watch as countless of my fellow kind get killed, watch as countless innocent children cry as their parents get killed, watch as infants who are still drinking milk get killed…watch as they die, while I, along with my close ones and children hide in the Yun Mo Planet ship, like a tortoise! After that, my children will get born, they will live their days without sunshine, without friends, they will only know from our stories that the Earth was once filled with many many children like them, the only thing is, they all died.”

“And Babata, you said before, only a Star level can comfortably get by in the universe! And my family and children who aren’t Star traveller level, entering the universe and the other planets, is very dangerous.” Luo Feng said.

Babata quietly accepted.

It was indeed true.

The universe, was unfair! Battles occurred on every planet, every galaxy. It would be tragic to bring normal people into the universe.

“I need to reach the Star level, to allow my family to live good lives in the universe, stable lives. And just how long will it take me to reach the Star level? Decades? My children will be living in a ship for decades?” Luo Feng shook his head “that’s totally a nightmare, leaving society and passing life by in a ship for decades, I’d rather die than let my children live such lives.”

“The second choice!”

“I Luo Feng, with the technique, allow five other Star traveller warriors to donate their souls, fuse and soul immolation! After, I’ll use the as my final attack and move! These two moves are Yun Mo Planet’s secret techniques, along with the soul immolation, to kill a space beast with only 10-20% of power, there’s hope.”

“There’s a few outcomes, one, success, I don’t die, countless people will have hope, that’s of course the best outcome.”

“Two, success, I die. However…My children can live good lives, go to kindergarten, find friends and playmates. And my parents, Xu Xin can take care of them, they will just have one less father. They will grow up and learn the history of their father, I believe, they’ll be proud of me.”

“Three, failure, I’ll definitely die too. That devouring monster will be seriously injured, allowing humanity the hope to kill it!” Luo Feng’s expression was calm. “Babata, which path do you think I’d take?”

Babata wanted to speak, but he didn’t know how to coax him out of it.

“Babata, seriously, since I was 18 and I became a warrior, I’ve never feared death!”

“It’s the opposite, I’m more afraid of my children living their lives in a ship for decades!”

“I’m even more afraid, Hong, Thunder God and the countless others who sacrificed themselves would be in vain!”

“Death, is not scary at all. Men, grow old or die of illness all the time, it’s all a cycle.”

“I want to help my friends, Wei Wen and others.

“I want to help my fellow people.”

“I want to help the countless unborn children, similar to mine.”

“On behalf of them, I want to fight.”

“It’s also for myself!” Luo Feng laughed loudly, “One must know, Hong and Thunder God fighting it out, they are the two strongest fighters on Earth. And me, I’m the Earth’s strongest spirit reader, how can I back down? Haha!”

Luo Feng’s laughed made Babata silent.

How long has it been…

Babata hadn’t been in such a complicated situation, it was the first time, Babata felt towards this averagely qualified, no other choice disciple, some respect.

“Alright, I’ll help you.” Babata said seriously.

“Haha, don’t be like that, I’ve said, we’ll fight it out, there’s still hope for survival.” Luo Feng’s spirit at the time was calm within.


Chapter 257: The Six Humans

“It’s now 2:12pm in China, the fight between Hong, Thunder God and the golden horned beast was 1 hour ago.” Babata’s voice was serious, “This time, the golden horned beast’s life force has become very weak, it obviously received heavy damage. It would definitely take a couple of days to recover. However…you cannot waste time, the earlier you act the better!”

After agreeing to help Luo Feng, Babata was using his full strength in making a plan for him: “First you have to find five Star traveller sacrifices, use the secret technique, and absorb all five of them as they use their soul immolation into the Tower of the Void and use the technique.”

“Choose five people, these five must be Star travellers!”

“The stronger they are, the better. Their strength represents their life force, hence, the energy generated from the soul immolation will be even stronger!”

Luo Feng stood on the balcony, looking at the surrounding skyscrapers, in the distance, army transports were travelling back and forth. He said: “Babata, send my thoughts out to the groups, to all the Star traveller warriors! Those willing, ready to sacrifice themselves, let them come to me.” Luo Feng’s voice was soft but extremely firm.

“Ok.”

Under Babata’s control, all of the Star traveller warriors on earth immediately received the news.

“Luo Feng, how many do you think are willing to sacrifice?” Babata couldn’t help but ask, “They are Star traveller warriors and Spirit readers, even if the headquarter cities are destroyed and humanity has to flee, their chances of survival are still the highest.”

“I don’t know.” Luo Feng shook his head.

, the secret technique, was a very special move within the Yun Mo Planet techniques, one of them in particular allowed others to immolate their souls and transfer their energy. This move…could also allow one to control one’s underling to become a sacrifice. This sacrifice, had to have consent, willingness and without reservation. It would fail the moment there was hesitation.

That’s why, Luo Feng couldn’t force others to immolate their souls and sacrifice themselves.

Beep!

Luo Feng’s tactical communications watch let out a sound.

“Here’s one.” Luo feng opened, a message showed with only a few words.

“I…Allure, am willing.” Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat after seeing the message, this first reply was actually one of Hong’s three guards, Allure.

Beep! Beep!

His communicator rang a couple more times.

“Two more?” Luo Feng was just about to check who they were.

Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! …..

It was almost simultaneous.

The sound was soft, but the continuous sound shocked Luo Feng.

“How crazy.” Babata couldn’t help but say softly.

3 minutes 16 seconds!

The tactical communications watch had run straight for that long, the frequency of the Di sound after that 3 minute 16 seconds was much lesser, until it finally totally stopped.

“Luo Feng, you’ve received 81 messages, 62 of which are willing, and the others are questioning about how much of a chance you have in killing the swallowing monster.” Babata swiftly scanned through and calculated.

Luo Feng nodded.

“Luo Feng, you decide, choose the five people.” Babata said.

Whoever he chose would become a sacrifice!

“According to their Spirit strength levels, whoever would help the most, Babata, you choose the five.” Luo Feng said seriously.

“Ok.”

Babata said, “I’ve chosen, they are Mo Henderson, Eastbourne, Tripathi Singh, Jia Yi, and Sokolov. These five came from America, Europe, India, China and Russia. However, your wargod palace’s fifth chairman didn’t reply at all.”

“I cannot force anybody.” Luo Feng quietly muttered these five names. “Mo Henderson, Eastbourne, Tripathi Singh, Jia Yi, Sokolov…”

Mo Henderson…the one known as Ice Emperor, an extremely aggressive guy, currently America’s ‘super hero’.

Eastbourne…Earth’s former number one spirit reader, now surpassed by Luo Feng.

Tripathi Singh…known as India’s strongest, given the name Lion King.

Sokolov…Russia, a warrior that was both fierce and brutal.

Jia Yi…one who’s always been contributing to China, a fighter from the Great Nirvana.

“Five.” Luo Feng understood.

As long as the secret technique began, these five would be sacrificed. They already knew that, yet they immediately responded.

“Contact these five, give them 50 minutes to say their goodbyes to their families. Afterwards, immediately rush over at max speed towards the pacific ocean.” Luo Feng said gloomily.

“Ok.”

Babata immediately sent out the notices.

Russia.

Tall and sturdy, both eyes shining with a hint of red, a man with a scary appearance was standing at the door of a room, the door closed.

“Elena!”

The tall and sturdy man said in a deep voice, resounding across the room, “This will be the last time I see you.”

Him!

Sokolov, fierce and savage, Russia’s number one fighter, never been married, loved drinking, and loved women. No one in Russia dared to oppose him, yet few knew he actually had a daughter. This daughter was actually the result from his drinking.

“I’m heading towards the pacific ocean to deal with the swallowing monster, Elena, take care of yourself.” Sokolov roared out, staring at the door, those terrifying eyes had a hint of hope and expectation.

However, the door never opened.

Sokolov fiercely turned.

Taking big steps, he walked towards a disc shaped auto jet, very quickly, the auto jet powered up and began to fly.

Creak!

The room’s door finally opened, a lady with a long skirt looked carefully out, all she saw was but a very small disc flying far away in the vast sky, till it disappeared altogether.

Looking at the footprints left in the snow below, the lady couldn’t help but cry.

The fierce and savage Polar Bear Sokolov had said his goodbyes to his daughter.

The Ice Emperor Mo Henderson said goodbye to his wife, son along with his child who had just drank his milk.

The Lion King Tripathi Singh also said goodbye to his three wives and a group of children.

Eastbourne, simply locked himself in his room, and remained silent for 5 minutes before riding and leaving on the auto jet.

Jia Yi, simply gave a call to his loved ones and left on the auto jet. Luo Feng’s living room.

“Get up Little Feng, get up.” Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan were filled with tears as they picked up the kneeling Luo Feng.

“Luo Hua, take good care of mom and dad.”

Luo Feng looked towards his younger brother.

“Yes.” Luo Hua’s eyes were bright red, he nodded profusely.

Luo Feng nodded too, turning to look at the teary eyed Xu Xin, Luo Feng extended his hand to hold hers, saying softly: “Sorry.”

“Don’t say that.” Xu Xin shook her head.

“I owe you a wedding.” Luo Feng extended his left hand, immediately the mosquito netting’s top steel wire flew out, and in the midst of flying over, broke into two chunks. These two short wires automatically curled and formed two rings.

“Now, there’s no time left to buy rings.” Luo Feng held on to the two steel rings.

“With my parents as witnesses, Xu Xin, will you marry me?” Luo Feng asked softly.

“Yes, yes.” Xu Xin could only nod as her tears flowed.

Luo Feng gently gave the nameless ring to Xu Xin, putting it on her finger.

Xu Xin too put a ring on Luo Feng.

“I’m sorry, I’ve let you down, I’ve also let down the two unborn children.” Luo Feng looked at Xu Xin, lowered his head to kiss her, Xu Xin closed her eyes…

They stayed that way for awhile.

When Xu Xin opened her eyes, all she could see was Luo Feng’s back walking out the living room door.

“Little Feng.”

“Luo Feng.”

A group of people ran over, raising their heads in the yard.

The youth stepped on the soaring shuttle, became a beam of light and disappeared into the east sky.

Luo Feng, on the soaring shuttle, mid flying.

He surveyed below him, much of Yang Zhou city had disappeared below him, and what was left was a broken and destroyed city, filled with dust and wreckage, monsters all over…This was a city from even before the Great Nirvana, and now it was the home to monsters.

“I am Luo Feng. Mo Henderson, Eastbourne, Tripathi Singh, Jia Yi, and Sokolov, pass me your current locations and auto jet flying speed, I’ll determine the meeting point.” Luo Feng simultaneously informed the 5.

“This is Mo Henderson, my auto jet’s speed is 3800m per second…”

“This is Jia Yi…”

……

The five replied in a row with their speed and position.

Babata used this information to calculate the optimal meeting point: “Luo Feng, I’ve calculated the meeting point. You all just need 1 hour and 8 minutes to reach and gather. The meeting point is a total of 351 km away from where the golden horned monster is.

“Okay”

Luo Feng immediately informed the five of the meeting point.

……

It was still afternoon in China, however, at the meeting point, the sky quickly darkened.

At the meeting point.

When Luo Feng arrived at the meeting point, a black disc shaped auto jet was already floating there, a southern Asian man with slightly curly hair immediately flew out.

“Luo Feng, how are you.” The man extended his hand.

“Nice to meet you, Tripathi Singh.” Luo Feng too extended his hand.

The two shook hands.

Before long, the American Mo Henderson had arrived too.

The fourth to arrive was Jia Yi.

The fifth was Sokolov, sixth was Eastbourne.

“I’ve already went through the main points. Do you all understand?” Luo Feng looked at the five.

“Understood.”

Mo Henderson, Eastbourne, Tripathi Singh, Jia Yi and Sokolov nodded their heads firmly.

“Alright, let’s us depart into the sea, where the swallowing monster is.” Luo Feng said.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Six people, six beams of light.

The flew in unison 300 km away.

At that time, everywhere on Earth was broadcasting this scene.

Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan, Xu Xin and others couldn’t help but cry as they watched, and the rest of Earth’s elites and leaders were all clear…this was perhaps humanity’s final chance.

“America’s strongest warrior Mo Henderson, Europe’s strongest Eastbourne, India’s strongest Tripathi Singh, Russia’s strongest Sokolov and our hero forever from China, Jia Yi, along with…Earth’s number one Spirit reader, the youngest genius Luo Feng.”

“Let us forever remember their names.”

The voice from the screen was solemn.

On the screen…

The six elite fighters were flew in the air and then rushed into the vast ocean.


Chapter 258: A New Chapter

In the deep ocean, Luo Feng and the five others were rushing downwards, Luo Feng had the Cloud Contact armor, and the five others had Black God sets protecting their bodies, allowing them to head deep underwater.

“Luo Feng, that swallowing monster is currently at 1200m below the surface, won’t we wake him if we get too close? Won’t he interrupt you while you while you unleash your technique?” The Indian Tripathi Singh couldn’t help but ask, the other four too looked at Luo Feng, Luo Feng was the leader of this mission.

Afterall, they didn’t know what secret technique that was.

“Don’t worry.” With a thought, a liquid silver guard wearing black battle armor appeared beside them.

“Hm?”

The other five were shocked at the sudden appearance of the Liquid Silver Guard, just looking at its face, they deduced…this wasn’t a real human, and it was the one that saved Hong and Thunder God before, the special ‘robot’.

“This is something I got from the ancient ruins.” Luo Feng said as he landed on the seabed, the five followed.

“You guys command an autojet to come here.” Luo Feng said solemnly.

“Why?” The other five were startled.

The autojets were indeed capable of flying and going underwater, but why command it to come here?

“The moment I use the technique, you will die. I’ll put your bodies in the autojet to leave here. As for me, I’ll immediately begin my battle with the swallowing monster.” Luo Feng said, the other five nodded as they heard this, they understood that in this battle, they were but pawns for sacrifice, to allow Luo Feng to grow extremely strong within a short time.

And Luo Feng, may die without even leaving a body behind.

Hua!

From high up in the sky, an autojet swiftly rushed towards the sea bed, reaching very quickly.

“Sit down, close your eyes, remember, don’t resist.” Luo feng said seriously.

“Understood.”

Mo Henderson, Eastbourne, Tripathi Singh, Jia Yi and Sokolov, these five people glanced at each other, their faces each having a peculiar smile on, smiles that held the power capable of shaking people’s souls.

The five all sat crossed legged.

The five, plus Luo Feng, made six in total. They formed points of the secret technique’s ‘Sacrificial Ritual’.

“Let’s begin.”

Luo Feng too closed his eyes.

Within his mind, there was a total of three mini planets, in the center, the mini planet was one that appeared when he reached the Star traveller level 1, the other 2 were respectively when he reached level 2 and 3. The 2 planets orbited around the middle one, like the earth around the sun.

The one in the center was the largest.

Three mini planets, all of them were entirely red. The three mini planets emanated threads of red fog, filling the entire space within his consciousness…Tower of the Void!

A blood red tower, the space within in vast like the universe, Luo Feng’s three mini planets were within that.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Five blood red threads flew out from the Tower of the Void, leaving Luo Feng’s body. The peculiar thing was, in the physical world, these spirit threads were transparent. The five threads of spirit immediately entered into Mo Henderson, Eastbourne, Tripathi Singh, Jia Yi and Sokolov’s consciousness.

“Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!”

The five souls immediately began to immolate!

……

Sea bed, six men sat cross legged.

When the five souls began immolating, their bodies began to emit a formless vibration, large amounts of spirit energy, under Luo Feng’s precise control, began to follow the wave to the center, Luo Feng, and enter into his consciousness Tower of the Void.

The five’s life forces were declining rapidly.

Luo Feng’s life force was rising rapidly

Yet, the five who were sacrificing themselves were all smiling.

……

Europe, Paris base, big screens were hung up in the streets.

“The six have stopped movement on the seabed. The one in the center Luo Feng, his life force is the strongest, the next in line is Eastbourne…” The broadcast report resounded across the streets, gathered there were many European men and women, all glued to the screens.

“Their life forces are declining! Mo Henderson, Eastbourne, Tripathi Singh, Jia Yi and Sokolov’s life forces are rapidly declining! Luo Feng’s life force is increasing rapidly.”

On the screen.

The silhouettes representing the six, five of which were rapidly beginning to blur, Luo Feng’s silhouette kept getting clearer.

Suddenly…

The five silhouettes complete vanished. It was obvious the apparatus couldn’t detect any life force anymore.

“Oh.”

“God.”

Countless people of the streets couldn’t help but cover their faces, they knew, once their life forces vanished, it meant death.

“This is Mo Henderson’s auto jet, it’s already gone out to sea, according to my sources, the auto jet currently has five bodies within it, Mo Henderson, Eastbourne, Tripathi Singh, Jia Yi and Sokolov these five heroes! They, for the sake of humanity have sacrificed themselves! Please always remember them!”

“Luo Feng!!!”

“Luo Feng is heading towards the swallowing monster!”

The voices began to grow tense and nervous.

On the screen, the life force representing Luo Feng was swiftly heading deeper, closing up with the incomparably large swallowing monster’s signal.

“Let us pray!”

“Pray that Luo Feng will emerge victorious!”

On the streets, everyone held their hands to their chests, looking at the screen.

……

At that time, countless people all over the world were praying, hoping…that victory would come!

Rock stratum below the seabed.

Luo Feng was swiftly heading down.

“800m, 600m, 400m, 300m!” Babata continuously reported the distance between Luo feng and the swallowing monster, “200m!”

Luo Feng fiercely stopped.

The surrounding rock stratum broke apart.

“Golden Horned Beast, die!” Luo Feng’s pupils were fierce and glowing.

Within his consciousness.

The enormous Tower of the Void, two mini planets were orbiting around the center planet, suddenly…

Rumble! Rumble Rumble!

The three mini planets suddenly became fireballs, correctly speaking, it was the large amount of red fog rushing out from the mini planets, entering the Tower of the Void. The originally collected power of five powerful warriors, made the extremely dazzling Tower of the Void begin to fiercely rotate.

Non-stop rotation!

This made the entire Tower of the Void look like a blur, the tip of the pagoda suddenly produced a dazzling shiny point.

“Years of hard work, all gone.” Within the wrist cuff space, Babata sat on a chair, shaking his head, “I hope, hope it can be like Hong and Thunder God. At least maintain some sort of foundation and enter a coma afterwards. At least that way, he won’t die.”

……

Luo Feng could feel himself getting weaker.

“Go!”

Hu!

A Tower of the Void invisible to the naked eye rotated to form a cone, drilling past 200m of distance, in an instance rushing straight into the golden horned beast’s body.

“Roar…” The enraged beast roared.

Rumble…

The surrounding rock stratum fiercely burst apart, Luo Feng could see the enraged Golden Horned Beast, those dark golden pupils staring angrily at him. However, ‘shua, shua’ two liquid silver guards defended Luo Feng’s body.

“It’s consciousness, is not in its head.” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

The Tower of the Void had rushed through the beast’s head, there was no soul there! Luo Feng finally understood…why blowing off its head didn’t kill it, it was because this golden horned beast, was different from humans, and also from the other monsters, its consciousness, soul wasn’t in the head portion!

At that moment, the Tower of the Void was rushing down the neck portion swiftly, entering the Golden Horned Beast’s torso interior!

“Hu!”

The Tower of the Void swept past everything.

To the Tower of the Void which was formed from spirit energy, the flesh and blood had no way to stop it.

“Eh? Here!”

Within the body of the golden horned beast, there was actually something that was emanating a golden light, it was about 20 or more cm, a transparent crystal ball. The crystal ball had countless complex golden engravings, these engravings were emanating beams of golden light! When Luo Feng’s Tower of the Void brushed past, it felt a strong resistance.

It’s soul is inside!

“Rumble!”

The rotating Tower of the Void fiercely impacted the crystal ball!

“Roar! Roar!” The golden horned beast roared within the rock stratum, its scaled wings were incomparably sharp, they became two large sabers. Its claws where even faster and sharper, its tail, incredibly powerful. At that time…they were all madly attacking at Luo Feng’s body.

The two liquid silver guards were giving their all in defending.

“No good, it’s spiritual defense is too powerful!” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

Luo Feng’s expression suddenly grew malevolent, gritting his teeth, “I’ll give it my all!”

Rumble! Rumble Rumble!

Three mini planets visible to the naked eye flew out from Luo Feng’s consciousness, “Rumble…” Luo Feng’s consciousness left its foundation, immediately, it began to crumble!

……

“NO! LUO FENG, NO!!!” Within the wrist cuff space, Babata was pale from shock.

Hong and Thunder God may have used soul immolation, but they never let their souls leave their bodies!

Luo Feng had actually given up his physical body, putting his entire soul into the Tower of the Void! This way, it was akin to leaving no way out after. This way, the attack would definitely be the strongest. However, even if he succeeded, his original body’s consciousness would crumble, he couldn’t return!

……

“Die, die, die!”

Luo Feng’s will had an incomparable sturdiness and madness within!

His entire soul had merged with the Tower of the Void!

The Tower of the Void had become a sharp cone, madly piercing in the direction of the golden crystal ball filled with golden engravings that were emanating countless golden lights! And the Tower of the Void’s three mini planets were burning and constantly consuming, getting smaller as time passed.

“Why isn’t it breaking?”

“WHY ISN’T IT BREAKING!!!” Luo Feng was extremely worried.

……

“Wail…”

The golden horned beast was painfully flailing its head, violently crashing into the rock stratum at the sides, its soul was under attack, causing it immeasurable pain. A few hours before, its soul had just received heavy damage. And now this human’s attack, was no weaker than the attack from before!

……

“Break! Break! Break!”

Luo Feng’s was going insane.

He wasn’t afraid of death!

Just afraid of failure!!!

Within the Tower of the Void, the three spirit mini planets were shrinking quickly, puff, puff, the two smaller planets had shrunk into nothingness. All that was left was the center spirit planet! It’s size too was left at only 1/3 of before. This blood red spirit planet too was constantly immolating, pushing large amounts of spirit energy into the Tower of the Void.

Immolate, immolate!

Smaller and smaller!

Luo Feng could feel his consciousness slowly getting blurry, he understood…he was dying.

“Kill it, kill it, kill it!!!”

Jiang Nan Base, Yang Zhou city streets.

Old people with heads full of white, crying hungry babies, at this time, everyone on the street was nervously looking at the screen, amongst them was Wei Wen, he was probably the most nervous: “Luo Feng, Luo Feng, my brother, you, you…must live on, live on!”

On the screen!

The life force signal representing Luo Feng, had already been mixed with the swallowing monster’s life force, it was obvious they were engaged in battle!

Stifled breaths!

The whole world held their breaths at this moment.

“Rumble!”

Two forces fiercely clashed against each other, it seemed much stronger suddenly. It was almost like a star exploding just before it dies out!

Immediately…

Rapid decline!

“The life force is declining, declining, rapidly declining!” The voice finally spoke out from the screen, “There’s no way to determine whose is whose life force, both are mixed together. Still declining!”

Wei Wen watched wide eyed.

Nervously watching too were Xu Xin, Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan, Luo Hua and the others.

Everyone on Earth were extremely nervous!

……

On the screen, the signals of life forces were rapidly declining, getting weaker, and weaker…

Puff!

They totally vanished!

The signals representing the life forces on the screen had totally vanished. Be it Luo Feng, or the swallowing monster, both had totally vanished!

One second, two seconds, three seconds…

“It’s dead?”

“Luo Feng and the swallowing monster both died?”

Everyone on Earth had seen it happen before, the swallowing monster had revived before. Hence, the anxiety and nervousness!

One minute, two minutes, three minutes…

The swallowing monster life force didn’t reappear, neither did Luo Feng’s.

There was silence throughout the world!

Time in China, afternoon 4.10pm, three Star traveller warriors of humanity dived into the deep sea, discovering the enormous body of the swallowing monster, however, they had no way of breaking through its scales.

The news spread all over, the entire world erupted in joy!

“The swallowing monster is dead, it’s really dead!”

“Let us remember their names!”

“Hong, Thunder God, Mo Henderson, Eastbourne, Tripathi Singh, Jia Yi, Sokolov and Luo Feng! It was them, who saved the entire humanity, them who gave us hope!”

“It’s just like the myths and legends, only through hardship and pain will humanity gain a new flame, the gods and creators, giving humanity a place to survive and live.”

“And Hong, Thunder God, Mo Henderson, Eastbourne, Tripathi Singh, Jia Yi, Sokolov and Luo Feng!”

“Them, they gave us the hope of survival.”

“We’ll always remember their eight names!”

“The oldest amongst them was 89, youngest was only 22!”

Afternoon 4.25pm, large numbers of monsters had gathered around that sea area, including the emperor class monsters. This made the humans retreat immediately, unable to enter the sea bed.

Nightfall, the entire world, the sea creatures originally madly attacking the bases all swiftly retreated!

When the next day’s sun rose.

The Earth had regained its previous peace.

Humanity’s history, had begun a whole new chapter.


Chapter 259: Resurrection

Jiang Nan headquarter city Yang Zhou city, Times Square, there were flowers filling up the entire plaza.

The Swallowing Beast calamity had placed more stress and destruction on humanity than the Great Nirvana before. However, with the sacrifice of Earth’s eight strongest warriors, humanity had overcome the disaster. Hong and Thunder God were deep in coma, while their heart beat was still there, there no mental functions or signals at all.

They could be said to be living dead!

The entire world’s headquarter cities had initiated their own events and parades to celebrate the eight heroes, expressing their gratitude and respect.

And Yang Zhou city, as the hometown of one of the eight, Luo Feng, within the biggest plaza, countless people had gathered to grieve. In this battle…Luo Feng was the youngest among the eight, and also the most genius and talented, just 22 years old and he could easily kill a Grand Emperor monster.

With such talent, many people had believed him to continue growing, surpassing Hong and Thunder God was a very high possibility. Many even said…Luo Feng, being able to easily kill a grand emperor, was already on par with Hong and Thunder God.

However, there was no point in saying all these.

……

Times Square, bouquets of flowers filled the entire floor.

Groups after groups of people came to bow and deliver their respect.

“Luo Feng.” In the crowd, a young man accompanied by a young lady was in immeasurable grief, looking at Luo Feng’s statue, “You, you…”

“Ah Wen.” The young lady tried coaxing.

“He and I grew up together since we were infants, who would have thought he’d just go like that.” Wei Wen’s expression was filled with pain, “Ever since he entered the dojo, he had always been the most outstanding. From early on, becoming a high level student and onto a warrior. Step after step…I saw him grow stronger and stronger.”

“I knew, he would soar even higher. Who would have thought…” Wei Wen shook his head.

Wei Wen and his girlfriend were bowing in the plaza, before disappearing into the crowd after.

Ming Yue District, Luo Feng’s house second storey, bedroom.

The warm sun in winter, shone past the windows, Xu Xin’s face while lying in bed was white and pale.

“Little sister.” Xu Gang sat beside her on the bed, consoling her, “Don’t be too upset, Luo Feng’s death was for the highest of reasons, it was worth it. Also…You being so upset, along with being pregnant with child, is not good for the child.”

“Big brother.” Xu Xin said softly, “I know, you can leave.”

“Take care of your body, even if it’s for Luo Feng, you have to give birth to the children.” Xu Gang consoled her and left.

From the relationship standpoint, Luo Feng, as one of earth’s eight great heroes, the Xu family definitely wished for Xu Xin to give birth to Luo Feng’s children.

From the logical standpoint, Luo Feng was Earth’s greatest spirit reader, his genetic inheritance was more worthy than anything, these children definitely had to be kept.

……

Luo Feng’s house first floor.

“Doctor.” Gong Xin Lan asked, “How’s our Xu Xin doing?”

In Hua Xia’s medical elites, the one at the top was Mr Hua, he came personally to check up on Xu Xin, as a form of respect to Luo Feng. He said solemnly: “Mrs Luo, there’s actually no problem with the patient’s body, only…emotional scarring, no matter how healthy the body, if she continues to wallow in despair, I’m afraid her body’s condition will continue to decline.”

“This…” Gong Xing Lan’s expression changed slightly.

Yesterday, while watching the broadcast, the moment Luo Feng’s life force signal had completely vanished, Xu Xin actually fainted on the spot.

Even though the Luo couple were in unbearable pain themselves, they didn’t want to let their son’s legacy experience any problems, hence inviting the doctor over…now, all they could do for their son was to protect his bloodline.

“No matter what the cost, Doctor Hua, you definitely have to protect the children within her.” Gong Xin Lan emphasized.

“I understand! Mr. Luo Feng’s bloodline, I will do my best.” Doctor Hua stressed, “I’ll immediately request from the country some spirits of nature and some other medicinal herbs to help her.”

“My family has spirits of nature.” Gong Xin Lan nodded.

“That’s even better.” Mr Hua nodded happily, saying, “The spirits of nature and a few other medicinal herbs can help nurture and strengthen her body. However…the root, still lies within her heart. If she drowns in sorrow and worry…I’m afraid she’ll have a miscarriage before she can give birth.”

Gong Xin Lan’s expression changed.

“That’s why, we need to support her emotionally, help better her mood.” Doctor Hua said.

“I understand.” Gong Xin Lan nodded.

……

On the bed.

Xu Xin lay in bed, unknowingly gently rubbing the steel ring on her finger, teardrops beading from her eyes, muttering: “Luo Feng, you, are you really gone? Have you really left me?”

Pacific Ocean, the place where Luo Feng had battled with the Swallowing Beast.

A large number of creatures had gathered.

More than 60 Emperor class monsters, among them was even the only Grand Emperor monster left…the Thunder Dragon Emperor! So many creatures gathered at the seabed, all for the body of the devouring monster! According to their rules of evolution, eating a stronger monster’s body would most certainly lead to evolution.

The Thunder Dragon Emperor was hoping to eat the body of the golden horned beast!

“Roar…”

The Thunder Dragon Emperor stared angrily at two people ahead of him…liquid silver guards!

It’s been here for over three days, however it’s been unable to go ahead, all because of these two Liquid Silver Guards! Key information, the Liquid Silver Guards were able to even defend against the Golden Horned Beast, restraining the Thunder Dragon Emperor would only be too easy. While the Liquid Silver Guards attacks are extremely weak, opposite…their restraining abilities were extremely strong.

Behind the Liquid Silver Guards.

The enormous body of the golden horned beast which was blacker than black was just lying there, no sign of breath or life.

……

Inside the golden horned beast’s body.

That crystal ball filled with gold engravings, was glowing very slightly, while it looked just like before, the truth was that there was some change occurring.

“So, leaving one’s body and possessing something else is so difficult! Babata, with these little steps, just how long would it take for me to be able to fully control this golden horned beast’s body?”

Luo Feng’s thoughts spoke.

“Don’t be anxious, the situation you are in has probably never happened in a 100 million years, be patient! Slowly.” Babata said.

Luo Feng never thought he’d survive!

Three days ago when he risked it all to attack the golden horned beast, Luo Feng realized, the golden horned beast’s defense was too strong, and just when his own spirit planet was about to burn out…a square blood red crystal beam within the core of the mini planet separated and immolated, immediately, an immeasurable amount of spirit energy rushed though Luo Feng’s spirit.

It was extremely large!

During the world broadcast, the reason behind the large surge in life force at a particular moment!

Luo Feng was very grateful!

He was grateful for his old teacher Yun Mo Planet’s master, back then, he didn’t know the power level of who he was passing on to. Star traveller? Star level? That’s why, cautiously, he created the soul imprint, a soul capable of transforming a spirit reader to the Universe level!

And the soul imprint was but a tiny thing, just a small crystal beam.

But in fact, it was still something created by an Undying being! When this beam immolated, that immense energy swiftly surged through and broke through the Golden Horned Beast’s defense, without any problem at all! Maybe the power of the Golden Horned Beast was stronger, but the character of the soul imprint was much too powerful.

One needle, piercing into tofu. Of course it was easy!

The Golden Horned Beast’s soul was attacked!

And Luo Feng’s soul was revitalized, becoming invincible. While his own flesh and consciousness had crumbled and he had nowhere to return to. That’s why…at the spur of the moment, he immediately began using the ‘Possession’ technique, breaking apart the golden horned beast’s soul into pieces and devouring them. However fast the devouring speed, it still took more than a day.

Also!

Just like the storage space ring, the Cloud Contact Vine relies on the spirit imprint to remember its owner, Babata this AI, was also linked to Luo Feng via a spirit connection. The soul was the foundation! Several treasures in the universe, normally all rely on the soul imprints (Spirit imprint) to recognize their owners, that’s why when Luo Feng’s soul left his body, he naturally managed to reconnect with Babata again.

“Luo Feng, you’ve taken over its consciousness. However, your fusion level with your soul and its body is still very low, you need to take it slow.”

“The moment the possession started, at most you can’t even walk properly, that’s normal.”

“Come, just start trying to move your eyelids, slowly.”

“Relax, I’ve already cut off all signals around here. Mankind would never be able to discover the Devouring Monster’s life force here.” Babata was extremely excited. My god. Possessing a space beast? It was simply a dream!

Just discussing bloodlines in the universe, the space beasts’ were the unquestionable leading and elites.

The golden horned beast, was one of the ones at the peak.

“Babata, how can I regain my human body?” Luo Feng asked.

“Damn, do you need to even think about your human body?” Babata said, “With this body, even if you want to become a sector lord, all you need to do is wait! Also…I’ve heard, the space beasts all have inherited memories, the higher the level of space beast, the more the memories.”

“Knowledge, knowledge is power!”

“Your teacher had only 60 million years of life, his amassed knowledge was only how much? While his secret techniques are powerful, in the vast universe, there were still those stronger than him.”

“And space beasts, especially the elite space beasts, generations and generations of inherited memories, almost up to the point where the universe first began.”

“When you have totally melded 100% with it’s body, all these bloodline inherited memories will fully meld into your soul!” Babata was extremely excited.

Become the great Golden Horned Beast?

Travel and rule the universe?

“As for returning to your human body, it’s not too difficult. The dumbest way is to repossess a human again. The best way, is to acquire the legendary spirit readers’ technique . You can split some of your soul into this body and another part into the human body. However this technique , even your teacher had only heard of it before.” Babata said, “Don’t think about it, at least you are still alive.”

“Right.”

Luo Feng’s mind shook.

At least, I’m still alive! Where there’s life, there’s hope!

There’s hope of seeing his family, seeing his children get born…

Luo Feng began to work harder to control his body.

Blinking? Moving a claw? Waving his tail? Gently moving those scaled wings?

One step after another!

Luo Feng worked hard, after using 16 days of time…

“I’ve succeeded.”

At the bottom of the pacific ocean, a large Golden Horned Beast that had brought disaster and gave humanity a nightmare before, was gently swimming around, its cold dark golden pupils surveyed its surroundings, the surrounding Emperor class monsters, and also the Grand Emperor was so scared, it lay there respectfully.

“Luo Feng, congratulations.” Babata too was extremely excited.

“Hm?”

When he had fully melded, it was almost like his own body, suddenly, an immensely large amount of memories flooded into Luo Feng’s soul, extremely vast, ancient, generation after generation of golden horned beast’s inherited memories were appearing in his mind, the amount of memories, caused Luo Feng’s consciousness to go into shock and stop thinking altogether!

It was too, too huge!


Chapter 260: Inherited Memories

The dark seabed, countless sea creatures had filled the surroundings, every one of them were looking respectfully at the distant Swallowing Beast, the pupils of that beast were shut, as though it was asleep.

However, a formless wave of pressure was pressing down on this area’s peace.

Closing it’s huge eyes, Luo Feng felt his entire self drowning in memories, mysterious and powerful special techniques, techniques that were totally compatible with the golden horned beast’s form and study, they were extremely numerous and vast. Picture filled memories continuously flushed through, almost like in the movies, whoosh, a large amount of information rushed into his mind.

Vast and endless!

Luo Feng felt a headache, obviously the speed of accepting the memories had reached his soul’s limit of acceptance.

“Just how much information?” Luo Feng couldn’t believe it, “This, this has been going on for more than an hour.”

One hour, two hours, three hours!

These memories were like the never ending rush of the ocean, seeping and drowning in, never ceasing! Different and various kinds of memories flashed past, melding totally into Luo Feng’s soul, Luo Feng only had enough time to remember some of the Golden Horned Beast’s training pictures and others, before getting once again drowned in the other memories.

Half a day!

One day! Two days! Three days!

The Golden Horned Beast, this terrifying space beast was sprawled on the sea bed without moving, almost as though it was in a deep sleep.

Sixteen days later!

Within the deep ocean, mud and gravel filled the sea bed, the dark black Golden Horned Beast was sprawled there, finally, its dark golden pupils opened, they naturally had a sense of cold, killing intent, which spawned from its bones.

“Phew, god.” Luo Feng finally felt some relief.

The inherited memories had rushed and melded into his soul for the past sixteen days, pushing his soul to its limit. Under such pressure, Luo Feng didn’t even have the ability to think about anything else.

“This, this is so much information.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng!” An excited voice shouted within Luo Feng’s mind.

“Babata.” Luo Feng shouted back.

“You’ve fully received all the inherited memories? It’s so crazy, with your current soul’s capability, you should be able to accept tons of information every second. Within these sixteen days, you must have received a lot of information.” Babata was obviously very excited, “Let’s see, what kind of information is there? What powerful skills are there?”

“Let me first take a look.” Luo Feng said curiously.

Even though he himself had become the Golden Horned Beast, however, he had no idea about the Golden Horned Beast’s capabilities at all.

“Babata, there’s trouble.” Luo Feng was checking through the memories, feeling a little helpless.

“What’s wrong?” Babata asked.

“Even though the information is in my mind, I still have to learn them one by one by myself. Just how long will it take me to learn them?” The inherited memories, was a form of information transfer, information from the first generation of golden horned beast passed on through the generations, however to fully grasp the information, one still had to seriously study through them.

“That’s not weird!” Babata said, “These inherited memories are huge, mostly because of the techniques, one type of technique alone could be filled with lots and lots of words. Just like master’s technique, if it were to be written into a book, even a hundred books, tens of millions of Chinese characters would not finish it, that’s very normal.”

“Luo Feng.”

Babata said excitedly, “You should now arrange your inherited memories, no need to look in detail over the techniques and their information, just knowing their names and what they briefly speak about is enough. Categorize them. It should be very fast. You really are something! In the universe, countless strong races and warriors spend countless amounts of wealth to buy these secrets, you actually complain that it’s too much, it really leaves people speechless.”

Luo Feng laughed, “Let me arrange for a bit.”

He arranged them by the titles and summaries.

Golden Horned Beast’s training knowledge, 18 special techniques he could train, 3199 normal techniques.

The space beast and some other information, humans and their many races, Controllers, Illusionists, Beastmasters, Puppet masters, Hunters, Fighters…blood-flesh creatures, other than humans and space beast, there were still demons, worms, others. Every race had a large amount of information.

Other than the blood and flesh races.

There were the Metal races, Automaton races and others, there were also the Rock races, Soul races, Plant races …

At the same time, there also other rarely seen races, just like the Space beasts, they too had immense power, but were extremely small in population …

Just explaining about the humans and their many races, culture etc. If one were to use Chinese characters to write, a hundred million words would still by far not be enough.

And the Human race, was but one of the leading races in the vast universe.

Another month and three days passed, Luo Feng had finally organized the inherited memories! In the future, when he would require any bit of information, he could swiftly access and search for it in that enormous library of memories. As for learning?

My god!

Any one golden horned beast, could never be able to learn and go through all these information even once. Just the 18 secret techniques alone, 3199 normal techniques, looking through their contents just once would require how many years.

“Luo Feng, you’ve struck big, you’ve struck it big!!! My god, you actually have so much information in your memories?” Babata had combed through Luo Feng’s organized information, he was totally dumbstruck, “So the universe actually had so many races, and even races that are as small and as rarely seen as the space beasts.

“No doubt about the space beasts, powerful, impressive.” Babata was extremely excited, “Even your teacher, 60 million years of life could never amass as much information as you have.”

“There’s no comparison.” Babata was still in shock, “The space beast’s generation after generation of memory inheritance, this kind of inside information…even in the human and its many races, I’m afraid only the Qian Wu universe, this level of universe information storage will have as much information as the inherited memories of the space beasts, it’s incredibly impressive.”

After Luo Feng had organized everything and scanned through once, he too was deeply impressed.

A high quality bloodline had many different positive sides.

The body’s natural talent, that was the hardware, these amounts of information, that was the software!

“Babata, among the space beasts, the elite twelve bloodlines, only these can pass down this much memories from generations before.” Luo Feng explained.

“Twelve different bloodlines?” Babata was shocked.

“Yes, among the space beasts, those able to grow to the sector lord, the elite bloodlines, there are twelve types. Back when you were talking about the Flaming Star Beast, that was one of the twelve too!” After Luo Feng sorted out the information, these basic information became clear to him, “The amount of inherited memories from these twelve bloodlines are the most informative. Also, every generation can add on to it with its memories.”

Luo Feng was now very clear, how the Golden Horned Beast passed down.

The Golden Horned Beast, if it wanted leave behind offspring, there was only one way. Put all it’s life energy and gather it into an egg and spit it out. The original golden horned beast would die in a few short years. When the egg hatches, an infant golden horned beast would come out and begin a new cycle.

“Hehe, Luo Feng, hurry and look. How long will it take you to reach the sector lord level.” Babata asked.

“Let me see.”

Luo Feng flipped through the pages, scanning through in just a few short seconds. He couldn’t help but get shocked.

“If the Golden Horned Beast hatches and doesn’t feed on the egg shell, and only eats normal metal, it requires 10 years to reach the Star level 1. However, if it eats the egg shell, and eat large amounts of metal, 1 year is enough.” Luo Feng said.

“One Year? This bastard that got possessed by you is only one year old?” Babata was speechless.

Luo Feng too sighed incessantly.

Bringing about such calamity to the whole world and so much trouble to deal with, this Swallowing Beast was only a one year old Golden Horned Beast infant?

“Normal evolution speed, the Star level 1 to the Universe level 1 requires 100 years.”

“Universe level 1 to Domain Lord 1, requires 1000 years.”

“Domain Lord 1 to Sector Lord, requires 10,000 years.” Luo Feng said directly,” This is the slowest speed, if we use some special methods, we can speed it up even more. Using some special metal alloys, is beneficial to the growth of the internal world, my strength will rise even faster!”

“This is like a gift from heaven!” Babata couldn’t help but say, “Your teacher prepared so much for you, training plans etc. Every method prepared for you was the best and most optimum, and even so, you would still require 100 thousand years or more to ‘maybe’ reach the Sector Lord level!”

“If you didn’t have your teacher’s precise planning, endless wealth and treasures to train and cultivate, to reach the Universe level within your entire life span would be good already. But now…normal evolution speed, 10,000 years is enough?” Babata didn’t have much understanding of the golden horned beast before, now he had first hand knowledge and access.

“Not that long, that’s the slowest speed.” Luo Feng said, “If we had endless wealth to spend, it would speed up the growth of the internal world. The speed could increase by a few folds, to even much much more.”

“However, 18 secret techniques, 3199 normal techniques, I don’t know which to learn.” Luo Feng said, “These techniques have been passed down by the previous generations of Golden Horned Beasts, only Golden Horned Beasts can study them. Following the inherited memories’ advice: don’t bite off more than I can chew. I can at most learn a couple of the special techniques, not more than six of the normal techniques. Any more and I wouldn’t have enough mental or physical capacity to study. The lesser the better!”

“Oh?” Babata said, “You can first talk about the 18 special techniques and the 3199 normal techniques and their overall effectiveness and training requirements to me, I’ll help you choose, see if we can come up with the optimum combination.”

The power in choosing and making such decisions, Luo Feng definitely couldn’t compare to Babata.

“Ok.”

Luo Feng began to explain the various techniques and their overall effects and training methods etc to Babata. As for the skills themselves? They were just too many, even if Luo Feng used his thoughts to explain, even a few years wouldn’t be enough.

Eight hours later.

The introduction of the 18 special techniques and 3199 normal techniques and summaries had all been given to Babata, then he began to go through his AI system to quickly analyze the combinations.

“Luo Feng, this Golden Horned Beast should have its own natural moves. I’ve seen its speed explode before.” Babata said, “Pass on these natural talents and gifts to me to, I’ll make the best combination.”

“Talents? Hold on.”

Luo Feng retrieved more information from his memories, the Golden Horned Beast had a total of three talents, as for the detailed explanation…as long as his soul entered the internal world, he would naturally understand everything.

There was no need to learn the talents, he naturally could just perform them.


Chapter 261: Earth’s Change

When Luo Feng was in the Pacific ocean receiving and organizing the large amounts of inherited memories, the people of Earth were going through a whole bunch of quick changes.

The swallowing monster event, back when the Golden Horned Beast was first killed, caused the Thunder Dragon Emperor to be terrified, so much so that it retreated. As for the later awakening of the Golden Horned Beast, it didn’t order any of the other monsters to attack the human society, so the Thunder Dragon Emperor and the other sea monsters of course wouldn’t initiate an attack.

Their intellect was very high!

If even the powerful swallowing monster almost died, who would dare attack?

Since that battle, technically each country’s losses weren’t too bad, it was only the loss of the eight heroes.

Hong, Thunder God, Mo Henderson, Eastbourne, Tripathi Singh, Jia Yi, Sokolov and Luo Feng, these eight would be called humanity’s most elite eight. Six of them had died, only Hong and Thunder God were still in a coma with no brain activity. The Dojo of Limits and the Thunder Dojo were two large powers in the world, who wouldn’t envy them?

These two powers, they were even more powerful than the five countries!

With Hong and Thunder God around, they were of course able to keep things in check.

But now…

The floodgates were immediately opened!

Hong Ning headquarter city.

Within the enormous ship headquarters, the three guards and five investigators had gathered in the meeting room.

“Right now the virtual space has crumbled, every Star traveller warrior and Wargod has formed their own groups, without the two heads direction and leadership, the loose organization Palace of Wargods has crumbled. What should we do next?” A white robed black man said nervously.

“Every Wargod has a consciousness sensor helmet.” Allure, wearing a mask said anxiously, “their subconscious minds are still willing to enter the Palace of Wargods. However, the head is currently in a coma, so the AI has automatically closed the virtual space, which means that no one can enter the Palace of Wargods. The most pressing issue right now is to immediately rebuild the virtual space!”

It was as though…

If Luo Feng had died, Babata wouldn’t bother serving humanity.

In the same way, Hong was currently in a coma not knowing whether he’d awake or die, so the AI System which only responds to Hong’s orders wouldn’t bother wasting any energy to maintain the Palace of Wargods’ existence.

Palace of Wargods, the link between the Star traveller warriors and the Wargods was broken.

The form of the entire world was becoming even more chaotic!

Just power levels alone!

There were still several people out there stronger than the eight people in the Dojo of Limits. For the eight of them to fully control the Dojo of Limits, to bring it back to its former glory and authority, was extremely difficult. And the scariest thing was…if the eight of them didn’t work in harmony, it would be even more troublesome.

Yang Zhou city, Ming Yue district, living room on the first floor of Luo Feng’s home.

Luo Hua was sitting opposite a golden haired man.

“Mr. Luo Hua.” The golden haired man sighed, “I was very good friends with your older brother, truthfully, it’s with great regret, however truthfully, I really respect him. I believe countless people from the other countries all really respect him and remember him. However…the threat humanity faces still isn’t gone. We don’t know when the sea creatures might begin yet another attack.”

Luo Hua nodded.

“That’s why, the proper usage of resources is very important.” The golden haired man looked at Luo Hua, “I wish…to buy a few items from Mr. Luo Hua.”

“Oh, what do you want to buy?” Luo Hua maintained his smile.

As the CEO of an investment company, Luo Hua was much more mature than before.

“Mu Ya crystals, liquid silver robots etc.” The golden haired man emphasized, “Our HR Alliance, will definitely pay a high price, high enough to repay you.” Saying so, the golden haired man took out picture filled book from his chest pocket, “This is the special items our HR Alliance has, there’s also some company stocks, housing and land etc. It’s definitely a bargain.”

“Mr. Luo Hua, you can easily become a district’s economic dictator!” The golden haired man smiled.

Luo Hua received the book and flipped through.

It was indeed very alluring.

Back when Luo Feng had disregarded his survival, along with the five other people heading to the pacific ocean, he had given his family ample preparation and a back road. Luo Hua just had to take out a little from his possessions to easily control a district’s economy! This HR Alliance, was prepared to give several foundations to Luo Hua.

“Five days ago, my country’s leaders came over here, their prices too were exceptional.” Luo Hua looked at the golden haired man.

“Before you came earlier, I had just received a call, it was a mercenary group.”

Luo Hua shook his head, “However representative Wei Nuo! I’ll tell you, no deal! Other than selling a little to my own country, I won’t sell anything to any other group!”

The golden haired man’s expression changed.

He was a Star traveller who had personally come to talk to Luo Hua, that was enough respect given itself…the main thing was Luo Feng’s influence was too huge, if he dared to use force, the entire world would reproach him! After the calamity had passed, humanity had already immortalized the eight heroes, raising them as gods.

To the countries however, dead people posed no threat.

That was why, no matter how high they were placed, it didn’t really matter. As for Hong and Thunder God, they were already way up there before.

“Mr Luo Hua, calm down.” Wei Nuo said solemnly, “Your brother’s shining glory may protect you now, but…the flame will die off someday.”

What was most terrifying was a doll carrying a golden brick, it would get robbed sooner or later.

“Thanks for your concern.”

Luo Hua laughed, “Let me introduce you. No. 3!”

Sou!

A black silhouette appeared within the living room, giving representative Wei Nuo a shock. What appeared in the room was a huge black metal robot.

“This was something my brother left in the house, a robot to protect my family, it was obtained from ancient ruin no.12.” Luo Hua looked at Wei Nuo, “The Luo family, doesn’t need any other outside forces to protect us, we have our own power! I also know, many people around the world are just itching right now, but our Luo family has no intention to get mixed up in any of it.”

“When my brother left, he told me.” Luo Hua smiled, “Whoever dares to touch the Luo Family, just kill them!”

Representative Wei Nuo’s expression changed.

“Also, I thought I’d mention that this robot, was one that even my brother wasn’t a match for.” Luo Hua said.

That was the truth!

This metal robot was made from black yttrium, even Luo Feng using the hybrid copper essence shard couldn’t hurt it. One of the robots was damaged by the Golden Horned Beast’s golden horn. Only an attack like that could damage its internal control system. And on earth, no human was capable of such an attack.

That meant to say…Hong, Luo Feng and Thunder God, even if they were here and alive, facing such an impregnable metal, wouldn’t be able to do anything.

Watching the representative leave, Luo Hua stood at the window watching, he squinted: “Hmph, after my brother left, they are coming one by one like hungry wolves, eyeing what my brother left behind. Right, the total number of Mu Ya crystals left behind by my brother is 60! You all wish to get them? Hmph, in such chaos, whoever dares to cross the line… I’ll use him to set an example to the rest!”

In a space that was distant from earth.

The quiet space, an ancient existence.

Suddenly…

The space begin to warp like waves, at the same time a disc shaped silver grey ship flew out, the waves in the space began to dissipate, this ship was floating in that space.

“Captain, captain, we’ve escaped, we’ve escaped!”

“Haha, we’ve escaped. Haha.”

A few humans within the ship were shouting excitedly, speaking one of the countless human universe languages.

The control room of the ship.

Eight crew members were extremely excited, standing in front of the main controls, wearing silver grey battle uniforms, heights at an average of 1.9m, tall and handsome, their ears were pointy at the tips. One with red pupils shining, a handsome middle aged man, he was the scout ship’s captain.

“I’d never expect there’d be a wormhole here.” The captain revealed a demonic smile, “When the ship’s B grade power crystal was depleted, it shouldn’t have been able to travel in the universe anymore. In a last ditch attempt, it managed to dive into an asteroid field, and, and within it actually dove into a wormhole. Haha, this wormhole portal, who knows how many light years away. Unless that bunch of assholes, within that vast asteroid field managed to enter the same area, otherwise, they would never be able to catch up to us.”

“Atuka.” The captain shouted.

“Captain.” A small child figure appeared on the control screen, shouting back sharp and crisp.

“Hurry and record the location of the wormhole, our star maps totally missed that marker. Obviously, the entire Black Dragon Mountain Empire doesn’t know of this wormhole.” The captain was excited, “After that, determine our current location and immediately inform the clan.”

“Yes.”

The child figure on the screen shouted loudly.

“Oh!!!” A sudden sharp voice shouted, “Captain, this is the void district of the milky way!!!”

“What?” the captain was shocked.

“The void district, through the universe travel, the one with no way to make a marker, no way to enter, the void district.” The AI system child shouted.

“Haha, haha…We’ve struck gold, we’ve struck gold with this.”

The captain was extremely excited, “Depart, let us depart.”

A very very long time ago, this district was originally controlled by the Silverblue Empire. However, ever since it was taken over by an incredibly strong warrior, that warrior even went into the ‘dark universe’ and buried this star field’s space marker. There was absolutely no way to enter this star field.

30,000 years ago, there were stories of how this warrior had fallen, this void district thus became a leaderless place.

But the Silverblue Empire, along with the mighty Black Dragon Mountain Empire, none of them could find this marker and enter this starfield.

Who would have expected…

That this, they would actually find a new wormhole and enter this star field.

Earth, deep in the pacific ocean.

“Who would have thought the three natural techniques were like that.”

“I can return, I can see Xu Xin, I can see my future children.” Luo Feng was extremely excited.

Roar!

Under the sea, that dark black Golden Horned Beast raised its head and let out a low roar, the roar created waves that rushed out and dispersed, rippling into the surrounding sea creatures, causing many of the creatures to get shocked and explode.

“Luo Feng, according to your natural talents, I’ve already determined your training route.” Babata said, “You should focus on the special technique and the normal technique , these two techniques are compatible with your natural talents, so they’ll be extremely powerful.”


Chapter 262: Inherited Techniques

After Luo Feng learned about the three inherited kinds of techniques and the fact that he was able to return, he was in an extremely good mood.

“Deity of the World and Absolute Space?” Luo Feng immediately thought of the effects and requirements for two techniques he read about.

“Absolute Space, is an extremely messed up technique, the kind of technique that people around the universe would go crazy for. The only thing about it is that only Golden Horned Beasts can directly practice them.

The technique was split into three stages!

The first stage, is called ‘Arc of Light’.

The second stage, is called ‘Ever-changing’.

The third stage, is called ‘Teleportation’.

The main requirement to learn this technique is–a crazy level of comprehension and practice! You need to practice it a lot to get used to it. And only after you practice it enough…… can you have a chance to comprehend it.

This technique is mainly about bursts of speed!

According to the technique’s theory–“even if we say someone who steps into the Universe level one stage can fly at a speed of at most 500 km/s, that speed is reached only after the fighter accelerates over a long enough distance. As for that fighter’s instantaneous burst of speed, it is way, way lower than 500 km/s”

“In a battle, bursts of speed is more important than your overall speed! To be able to instantly charge forward, change directions, stop, and go backwards!”

Luo Feng understood this principle too.

Just like a race car on the highway. Maybe it can accelerate to 300 km/h, but how fast can it accelerate in 0.1 seconds? It takes time to reach its maximum speed!

Humans accelerate faster than race cars.

But in terms of bursts of speed, it doesn’t even come close to their maximum flying speed.

“Teleportation man, teleportation! LUO FENG, TELEPORTATION!” Babata was extremely excited, “Even your teacher, who was an Undying fighter, wasn’t able to teleport!”

“So…..” Luo Feng said helplessly, “This Absolute Space is hard to learn!”.

Even someone as powerful as the master of Yun Mo planet couldn’t teleport. It isn’t hard to imagine how hard it would be to teleport.

And even the technique’s description says it…..

For the first level, if you work hard and long enough, you might have hope in learning it.

For the second level, even though Golden Horned Beasts live ten times longer than human Sector Lords, most of the Golden Horned Beasts that try to learn the second stage of Absolute Space end up stuck on a certain step. Very, very few manage to complete most of the second stage’s ‘Ever-changing’.

As for the third level,’Teleportation’?

That’s basically a legend! Extraordinarily difficult! Hard work, comprehension, luck, etc. are all required.

“Luo Feng! You don’t understand how valuable it is!” said Babata in a hurry, “What kind of technique is this? Just a simple burst of speed? NO! This is a technique that lets you comprehend the essence of the laws of space itself! Your teacher didn’t have such a technique and had to work bitterly by himself. If he had this technique, he might’ve attained the incredible technique of Teleportation”

“And once someone has the ability to teleport, damn, it would be extremely difficult to kill that guy. If your teacher was able to teleport, he wouldn’t have died” continued Babata.

Luo Feng smiled: “I said it is hard to learn, not that I wouldn’t learn it”

“Oh, HAHA…..”

Babata laughed loudly, “Luo Feng, this technique not only improves your body technique, it even increases your flying speed! And– once you merge it with Deity of the World, oh, Deity of the World is even more messed up than Absolute Space, even more messed up!”.

It indeed was messed up!

Luo Feng was clear on the requirements and effects of Deity of the World. This technique was one of the 18 special techniques in the inherited memory. In terms of value, effectiveness, efficiency, it is indeed better than Absolute Space. But these 18 ‘special techniques’ aren’t necessarily…… better than the regular techniques!

The only thing special about them was how harsh the training methods of these 18 special techniques are. How were they harsh?

One, there were extremely complicated training requirements. If you don’t meet some of the requirements, then it doesn’t matter how much hard work you put in.

Two, there are shortcuts! But the requirements for these shortcuts are extraordinarily strict!

Three, only Golden Horned Beasts can learn them!

The 3,199 regular techniques were created by the generations of Golden Horned Beasts or inspired by the techniques of humans, automatons, and the other vast number of species. Only ‘Golden Horned Beasts’ can learn these techniques, but the techniques themselves came from other races. Other races also have similar techniques. Even though they might differ in some ways, the difference isn’t too great.

However!

These 18 special techniques are purely for ‘Golden Horned Beasts’! Even if you spread them around, other races won’t be able to change or learn them.

Deity of the World, is also split into three stages!

The first stage counts as ‘beginner’. The second stage counts as ‘advanced’, and the third stage is ‘ultimate’.

Basically, Deity of the World is a special technique that allows the Golden Horned Beast to change its body size! Being able to ‘shrink’ and ‘enlarge’, is an extremely scary ability. For example, if a ‘Golden Horned Beast’ is 180 meters long, its weight won’t change even after it shrinks. This means its density increases greatly!

The density of its bones increase! The density of its muscles increase! Its claws, horn, etc. become much sharper and tougher!

A punch with 100 kg of force.

Compared to a piercing needle with 100 kg of force. The difference of power between them is like the sky and the earth!

So…..

After shrinking, the Golden Horned Beast’s claws become even more horrifying, and the piercing power of its horn become even more shocking!

That’s the shrinking part, so what about the enlarging part?

Becoming bigger won’t increase your battle ability, however…… if a giant that is 10,000 meters tall randomly takes a step, then no matter how hard a regular human of equivalent strength tries, he won’t be able to catch up.

The advantage of becoming big is–

You can fly faster!

After a 180 meter long Golden Horned Beast becomes 1,800 meters, then the beast is practically a floating island. Its scaly wings are 10 times bigger than before! One flap from its wings can increase its speed much more than before!

In the first stage of Deity of the World, your body can enlarge or shrink by a factor of three. Your strength can reach at most three times more than what it was before.

In the second stage, it becomes factor of nine! And your strength can also multiply by a factor of nine!

In the third stage? You can already become as big or as small as you want. However, your strength can at most go up by a factor of 36! Shrinking by a factor of 36 times, 100 times, 1,000 times, will all be the same…… because multiplying your strength by a factor of 36 via body size is already a limit. When you shrink even more, the power of your body starts to lower too, so your battle ability won’t go up.

Of course, even though we say you can become as big or as small as you want, you can’t become infinitely big or infinitely small. The legendary limit is 10,000 times! Which is to say, a 10 km long Golden Horned Beast can shrink to one meter. And it can enlarge to a length of 10,000 km!

Of course…..

The third stage of Deity of the World is way harder than the third stage of Absolute Space! According to the records in the inherited memory, only the Golden Horned Beast that created this technique was able to reach the third stage. As for the others, after countless years and generations of Golden Horned Beasts, none of them were able to reach the third stage.

Most of the Golden Horned Beasts in the past stayed at the first stage.

It was rare for Golden Horned Beasts to even reach the second stage!

Because, this technique was just seriously messed up!

For example, powerful Sector Lord level nine stage fighters have reached the limits of their battle capabilities and don’t differ from each other by much. Only an extreme few are able to stand out.

However, Deity of the World allows the Golden Horned Beast to multiply its strength even more from what it originally has! How can people not be jealous of that!

Since…..

Golden Horned Beasts are already born with a talent, ‘Enhance’!

“Luo Feng, the three talents you are born with is the training talent, ‘Swallow’, the second is the battle talent, ‘Enhance’, and the third is the life saving talent ‘Clone’” said Babata. Back when the Golden Horned Beast was heavily injured by the ‘b6 laser cannon’, it used its ‘Enhance’ technique to increase its speed! The attack power of its golden horn also increased!

Since it was born with this talent, its effectiveness won’t change!

“Your enhancing talent combined with the shrinking from Deity of the World can cause your battle ability to be amplified multiple times!”

“Your enhancing talent combined with the enlarging from Deity of the World can cause your speed to be amplified multiple times!”

Babata continued, “And Absolute Space is your dodging and escaping technique. In the beginning, Absolute Spaceonly helps your dodging abilities. However, after that, it increases your comprehension of the laws of space itself. As long as you continue to learn, your flying speed will increase even more! The projectiles launched from the golden horn will also increase in power”

“So, the enhancing talent and these two techniques can assist each other, therefore maximizing their effects” said Babata.

“Damn, that is just…” Babata couldn’t help but to sigh, “way too messed up”

Luo Feng laughed.

Indeed, but that also meant that these two techniques were extremely hard to learn. Absolute Space is acceptable. Even though it is hard to learn, many Golden Horned Beasts in the past were able to enter the second stage. But tons of Golden Horned Beasts were stuck on the first stage of Deity of the World.

However, Luo Feng was clear.

Having such good techniques is dangerous too! So the number of Golden Horned Beasts is extremely small, even less than the amount of Undying level fighters!

In the universe, there are a total of 12 blood lineages out of the space beasts comparable to the Golden Horned Beast! And out of the countless number of races, some special lifeforms have special techniques that can rival the techniques of the Golden Horned Beast! The large number of humans also have plenty of techniques.

Even Luo Feng’s teacher, ‘Master of Yun Mo planet’, has the super powerful technique Soul Seal, which can transform fighters into servants!

You’re talented?

Okay, I’ll implant the ‘soul seal’ into your soul when you’re weak and transform you into an extremely loyal servant! No matter how talented you are, you’re only going to be my servant and bodyguard.

So…..

Luo Feng was clear, you cannot underestimate any powerful fighter.

As for the Golden Horned Beasts three talents, the training talent ‘Swallow’ can absorb large amounts of metal into its ‘inner world’ and can even directly swallow lifeforms weaker than it. However, the inner world will automatically stop absorbing things when threatened. For example, just like when Hong released large amounts of metal and bombs.

The battle talent ‘Enhance’ causes speed and battle ability to soar up. Of course, this comes with a price.

The life saving talent ‘Clone’. In the Star traveler level, you can have one clone. In the Universe level, you can have your second clone. In the Sector Lord level, you can have your third clone. In other words….. Golden Horned Beasts can only have three clones in total. And each of these clones is an individual existence that can train themselves.

The universe is fair. This extremely rare race that is about to go extinct has been granted a life saving talent!

As for the ‘Ice Mountain Beast’ in the 12 lineages, their life saving talent is ‘transformation’, where they can change their appearance to anything they want.


Chapter 263: Nurturing, Birth

The natural survival technique, creating a second body, is not as simple as just creating a puppet. It required going through the internal world and nurturing the body, just like a woman being pregnant with children, just like the legends say an egg gave birth to the creator Pangu. One theory, through the nurturing of the internal world, gradually allowing the form to evolve into an embryo…one step at a time, until it finally matures.

The Golden Horned Beast in its life could have up to three bodies, one during the Star traveller stage, the second one during the Universe stage and the third one during the Sector Lord stage.

As the created bodies can also gradually train, there was no question about it, the first body was definitely the most important!

That was why, choosing the race and bloodline too was important.

As the Golden Horned Beast’s first body, they would normally choose very good races and bloodlines. This was because the conditions to create the embryo were very low…just a strand of hair or a drop of blood would do, as long as it contained a trace of the genes and such materials, they would suffice.

“Luo Feng, you are sure, to make your first body as a human from earth?” Babata couldn’t help but ask, “Just a strand of hair can be used to begin the nurturing, later on, you will definitely be able to find powerful races of humans, like the Manka people etc. Possessing them would be hard, but finding their hair would be very easy, with some surgery, they can be made to look like your old self, it would be very easy to do.”

“I’m sure!”

“My first body will be a human from Earth.” Luo Feng said, “And, I’ll be using my own body to begin the nurturing!”

The nurturing stage was extremely demanding.

This was because, the body that will eventually be nurtured, had to be placed within the Golden Horned Beast’s internal world and worked on from scratch. And the entity that goes in would be killed immediately! Unless, it had reached the Sector Lord level, where the internal world was exactly similar to the physical world, only that way could a living entity enter the internal world.

Earlier, the Golden Horned Beast could have decided that Earth’s humans and creatures weren’t worth one of its bodies, hence it hadn’t begun nurturing anything.

And Luo Feng, he began immediately.

Within the Golden Horned Beast’s body.

With a diameter of over 20cm, filled with countless complex golden engravings around the glowing crystal, this crystal ball, was the core, or also known as the Space core, World core, Spirit core. This core contained the Golden Horned Beast’s core existence!

Even if its head was blown off, its body destroyed, as long as the core and the spirit was ok, it wouldn’t die.

Within the core.

It was as vast as space, at a particular spot, there was a dazzling glow of light, a sphere glowing like a star, gently rotating on its own. This…was formed from Luo Feng’s accepted soul imprint from his teacher and the Swallowing Beast’s soul put together!

This was a star shaped into a sphere, it was also the Soul core.

This meant…Luo Feng’s spirit reader level and reached the Star level 1! As for the Golden Horned Beast’s original power, they were all gathered in the horn on it’s forehead! The golden horn, was the Golden Horned Beast’s most sturdy location, it’s also where its power is stored. That was why when its natural techniques were unleashed, its golden horn was the first to light up!

“The internal world.” Luo Feng could feel it after his soul had melded 100% with his new body…

Within the vast space inside the core, there seemed to be a formless connection joined to another world.

The internal world.

This was a vast land, one that had an area of 10 square km, and up in the air in that area was a golden fog, surrounding it too was an endless golden fog. The land itself was golden, there were also hills, mountains that were all made from metal.

It was a metal world!

Luo Feng controlled this world!

“Babata, release my previous body.” Luo Feng thread of thought was linked to Babata outside, and using the swallowing natural ability, he immediately ingested his own body in.

Hu!

On one of the hills in the metal land, a body appeared in mid air, it was Luo Feng’s body! As a Star Traveller level 3 warrior, only a couple of months didn’t have that much effect on his body, it was just rigid and freezing cold. As for the items on his body, they were taken off long ago, the cloud contact vine? As it was unable to enter the storage space, it had been in the outside world guarding since.

“Natural ability, ‘Nurture’!”

Luo Feng’s thoughts moved.

Rumble…

The entire metal continent began to vibrate, Luo Feng’s old body began to be moved by a formless energy, floating high up in the sky of the metal world. This was a move the Golden Horned Beast could only do three times in its life. Only when its internal world had reached the Universe level would he be able to do it the second time. Now, Luo Feng had already used his first natural ability, beginning the nurturing stage!

“Chi…” Energy vaporized.

Floating up high in the sky, Luo Feng’s body immediately vaporized.

“Huhu,” what originally was up high in the sky of the metal continent, the large amount of golden fog was madly rushing towards the center, forming the genetic remains from Luo Feng’s vaporized body into a round golden egg.

“Begin!”

Ever since Luo Feng came to know of his natural ability, plus information concerning his skills, he found out about the amount of time required for the nurturing which was directly linked to his own power! The stronger the internal world, the faster its nurturing. And the lower the level of the genetic remains, the easier the nurturing! With Luo Feng’s current Star level 1 internal world, the nurturing speed was definitely not fast.

A few high level bloodlines, powerful races, may even require a few hundred years to 1000 years to nurture.

Why so long?

This was because nurturing was akin to giving birth to an infant. For example a Sector Lord Golden Horned Beast, obtaining a Sector Lord human hair, producing a body…it was producing a Sector Lord level warrior body!

Its genetic makeup was completely duplicated! Its body was completely duplicated!

To train and reach the level of a sector lord requires tens of thousands of years, to produce one within a few hundred years was already impressive. The catch for nurturing however was…it couldn’t produce something stronger than itself! The most it could do was one with comparable strength.

One day later.

“Hm, looking at the speed, I estimate a couple of years for the nurturing to complete.” Luo Feng understood, when that time came, he would have a body with similar strength before, with a genetic makeup of 99.9999% similar to before.

The only thing…

A very small difference, this was a body nurtured from the internal world, hence its genetic makeup had a few extremely small changes, however, even with a DNA test, it wouldn’t even be discovered, the differences between the original and the latter.

In a space in the universe, a large star was like a fireball, constantly burning.

A grey universe ship was swiftly flying past an asteroid with a diameter of 5km.

Within the ship.

A resting room, a handsome middle aged man was sitting in a chair with his eyes closed, his watch communicator’s light was glowing, obviously…this captain’s consciousness had entered the universe’s virtual network, this space was an extremely important existence.

The universe was incomparably vast.

However, using the universe virtual network, even if the distance was tens of millions away, one could meet and discuss within the network. It was 100% virtual.

“Ding.” The communicator’s light dimmed out.

The handsome middle aged man opened his eyes.

“Even though we’ve spent quite a bit of money, we have managed to buy a star map of the milky way from a few hundred years ago, this void district.” The handsome man was very excited, “Within a 1000 light year area, this is only a millionth of the Silverblue Empire’s territory, luckily, this area has two planets with life.”

“Two planets with life? We’ve really struck it this time.”

“Hmm, the closest planet is, going by the ship’s inferior light speed, requires two years and eight months to get there. The other planet with life, however requires 136 years.” The handsome man was somewhat unsatisfied, even though his life had reached over ten thousand years, wasting up to 100 years was too much.

However, to earn two planets with life, this was hitting a goldmine!

“Two years eight months!”

“Let’s hope there’s some worthy goods there, selling to the slave merchants too can get us big money. If there’s nothing good, then, we can just sell the entire planet.” The handsome man was thinking, his eyes lit with excitement.

A planet with life, that was extremely valuable!

Time passed.

The internal world was nurturing the body, Luo Feng had begun his studies on the and , also using his claws and swallowing large amounts of metal. Actually, the swallowing relied on the core to activate, that was why, whether it was using the claws, mouth, or tail, they all could activate the Swallowing ability.

It was just the Golden Horned Beast preferred to use its mouth.

And Luo Feng, he felt using his claws was enough.

That scout ship, flying in the universe, was quickly heading towards Earth’s star field.

On Earth.

Year 2060, September 12th.

“Attention all, our Jiang Nan’s no.1 hospital is currently housing one of our proud eight heroes from Yang Zhou, Luo Feng’s wife Xu Xin. From what we know, the ward she’s staying is the most luxurious ward in the hospital, just the fees alone from the ward requires 2 million Hua Xia dollars.”

“Every month’s fee goes up to as high as 12 million dollars, if you add the costs of the doctors, staff and others etc, I estimate the cost of the ward Xu Xin is staying at every month to be worth more than tens of millions! According to the news, Jiang Nan’s number one hospital’s head said, Luo Feng’s wife Xu Xin’s cost for staying at this hospital has been discounted to the lowest, a full 30% discount!”

“Dear viewers, our reporter has already reached Jiang Nan’s no.1 hospital, according to news, Xu Xin’s delivery might occur within the next few days. And according to our sources, who managed to talk to the doctors in charge of the case, acquiring secret information… Xu Xin has twins in her belly, the previous news of the triplets were only rumors.”

Year 2060, September 15, Morning 8:15am.

Xu Xin was wheeled into the delivery room.

The number of news reporters and paparazzi outside Jiang Nan’s no. 1 hospital was shocking, to a point that even reporters from other countries were there too. One must know…out of the eight heroes before, only Luo Feng’s wife Xu Xin was pregnant, and with Luo Feng’s sacrifice, now that the children were being born, it garnered the attention of the entire world.

Countless citizens from all over the world, even normal old men and women were all guessing…

Luo Feng was already a prodigy and genius of such a level, what about his children? What would they be like in the future?

Even though they had yet to be born, Luo Feng’s children had already become a focal point!

The Golden Horned Beast which had reached a body length of 230m, became a beam of light leaving a golden trail, swiftly flashing about in the deep sea, he was practicing the .

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng.” Babata shouted anxiously.

“What’s the matter?” Luo Feng stopped.

His enormous dark golden pupils filled with curiosity.

“Happy occasion, big happy occasion. Xu Xin has just given birth to two children, both children and mother are safe! Your big son weighs 3.7kg, your second son weighs 3.03kg.” Babata said excitedly.


Chapter 264: Safety Amulet

After becoming the Swallowing Beast, his power rose very quickly, however…after getting completely used to his new body, Luo Feng’s soul was unable to fully avoid the Swallowing Beast’s natural brutality, savagery, and ice cold demeanor. Having spent a good half year of loneliness, the natural brutality in his bloodline had seeped in…

This made Luo Feng much more cold and savage than before.

But after hearing this news, Luo Feng felt warm blood rushing through his entire body again: “I have children now, I have children now!” That sense of excitement nourished his soul.

“Soon, soon, just another eight more months. My body’s nurturing will be complete. When that time comes, I’ll be able to return and see them.”

Far away at the bottom of the Pacific ocean, Luo Feng who had taken over the body of the Golden Horned Beast was extremely emotional. At that time, the entire world’s media were all reporting on the new born children.

One, Luo Feng’s family now had descendants, wealth comparable to that of countries.

Two, the two children’s genetic makeup were definitely very good, their futures were limitless.

Three, with the eight heroes’ sacrifice, the birth of two new children made the whole atmosphere more special.

……

Year 2060 November 22, morning.

“Ping Ping and Little Hai, be good.” Xu Xin, who was donned in a white cotton dress, gently kissed the two babies in her bosom. The two babies’ eyes shined brightly as they looked at their mother, laughing, their tiny hands waving randomly.

Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan laughed as they received the two babies.

“Xu Xin ah, we’ll take Ping Ping and Little Hai for a little walk in the district.” Gong Xin Lan laughed.

“Alright mother.” Xu Xin nodded.

Watching as the grandparents of her children took them away, Xu Xin lightly closed the door of the room, walking towards the ward’s balcony. On the balcony lay a desk that held a notebook computer. Xu Xin sat in the chair, the warm winter sunshine shining on her body, it was very comforting. Xu Xin was smiling, moving the chair closer to the desk.

She took out a pen from the drawer.

“Since I was young till now, with my family’s teachings, I’ve always held myself to the highest of expectations. Also, in the end, I’ve also enjoyed opening my own business with some workers and conquering the business world.”

“However, constantly working for my own company too is tiring.”

“Luckily, I had Luo Feng.”

“Beside Luo Feng, I didn’t feel any stress, he helped shelter me from the elements, allowing me to give my all into the business. I really enjoyed those days, I also wished we could have continued living those days forever…only, I never thought…I don’t blame anybody. However, honestly, in this world, I don’t have any reason to live.”

“What’s the reason for us living?”

“Love? Family? Career?”

“I don’t know!”

“Without Luo Feng here, love has forever left me, career? The business’s troubles, I have no one to complain to, even with success, there’s no one to enjoy it with. Without him by my side, even if the business is a success, it’s all for naught, there’s no more color.”

“Whenever I dream at night, I often cry.”

“Finally, I’ve made my decision.”

“I feel very relaxed, so relaxed, my spirit feels a sense of calm I’ve never felt before.”

“Dad, mom, brother, grandmother and father, don’t be hurt, because right now I’m very happy.”

As she finished writing, she put down the pen, Xu Xin looked up through the window into the little district, Luo Hong Guo and his wife were hugging the babies, the babies were laughing happily.

“Little Hai, Ping Ping,” Xu Xin said softly, “You are only two months old, you don’t know much about anything, I believe when you grow older, you probably won’t remember much from this time.”

Xu Xin opened the notebook computer and picked a tune.

It was an old song from before the great nirvana.

“The seconds and minutes tick by on one’s heart.

My eyes glimmer and shine emptily.

My heart jumps and beats with the motion.

I ask myself just how much and how deep you love me.

……”

That mellow and soothing sound, with a sense of bashfulness, resounded within the room, this was an sold song from before the great nirvana…Wang Fei’s .

“I’ll Marry You Tomorrow…”

“I’ll Marry You Tomorrow…”

The music resounded in the room, Xu Xin gently crooned with the music, walking to a side dresser and retrieving a wedding dress…

Putting on makeup.

Wearing the wedding gown.

Xu Xin gently sang along to the song, her smile sweet and pure.

From young, she had grown up in a big family with constant competition and pressure, until she met Luo Feng, where she was finally relieved from the competitive pressure. Luo Feng was just like a mountain, a large tree, sheltering her from the elements. Xu Xin didn’t like her home from before, it was filled with materialistic desires, power, wealth and competition.

She enjoyed living with Luo Feng…doing her own business and enjoying it with the ones she loved.

Sharing pain and suffering with the ones she loved.

Sharing happiness with the ones she loved.

Those were the good days… and now, with Luo Feng gone, she felt the world had gone black and white, without any other colors. What’s the point of carrying on? What’s the point of working hard? Victory without anyone to celebrate with, pain and suffering with no one to complain with.

……

Dressed up as a new bride, wearing the wedding gown, Xu Xin smiled, quietly sitting on the bed.

“……”

“Disturbing all of my dreams.”

“I’ll marry you tomorrow.”

“I’ll marry you tomorrow.”

……

The sweet music seeped into one’s spirit, Xu Xin took out a porcelain bottle from the side, pouring out a couple of pills from within, smiling as she gently ate them, drinking some water to swallow them.

Closing her eyes.

Xu Xin, dressed in the wedding gown quietly lay down, he fingers gently massaging the nameless ring on her finger…steel ring.

“I’ll marry you tomorrow.”

“I’ll marry you tomorrow.”

“……”

The music continued resounding in the room.

On her neck, she wore the safety amulet Luo Feng had given her, that silver amulet surface’s engravings began to glow lightly, gradually getting brighter, the silver amulet began to gently float up, emanating a dreamy white light below, enveloping Xu Xin’s body.

Dressed in the white wedding gown with a white light enveloping her entire body, Xu Xin looked just like an angel.

Suddenly…

The silver safety amulet slowly began to crack open, for a brief moment, the white light became extra thick, without a sound or trace, it completely vaporized into nothing, the thick white light seeped into Xu Xin’s body. Her skin suddenly became sparkling and translucent, more shiny and glossy than before, beautiful and alluring.

It was an extremely beautiful, earth shaking beauty.

All of the cascading white light slowly got absorbed by Xu Xin, the appearance of her body seemed to have a layer of light surrounding it.

This scene lasted 26 minutes.

The glowing light was all absorbed into her body and everything returned to normal!

The entire room!

Was extremely silent! Xu Xin remained quietly lying down in the bed, as though nothing had happened before.

Suddenly…

Her eyebrows moved, she opened her eyes.

Deep under the pacific ocean.

A large amount of metal remains were placed under the sea, a 280m long golden horned beast was just beside this heap of metal, its large dark golden pupils were filled with ice cold savagery, it extended its claw, a formless space rippled around the surroundings, immediately, the large heap of metal remains vanished into nothing.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng.” Babata’s clear crisp voice sounded, he seemed extremely anxious.

“What’s the matter?” Luo Feng asked.

“It’s Xu Xin, Xu Xin committed suicide!” Babata shouted.

“What!”

Luo Feng felt his mind go blank, blood rushing to his head.

Deep underwater, the golden horned beast’s golden pupils were suddenly dazzling, rage and anxiety were mixed in them, “This is not something to joke about!”

“I’m not joking, it’s real.” Babata said.

“You bastard, didn’t you say…Xu Xin would never do something like that? I initially said we could use the internet, making you imitate my voice and speaking with her, putting her heart at ease. What did you say? You said Xu Xin wouldn’t believe and would only think I left an AI to do so after I died. Without seeing me in person, she wouldn’t believe. Alright, I admit what you said had logic!”

“However, you promised me, Xu Xin would never do something like that. Now…” Luo Feng’s mind felt like it was about to explode as he spoke.

“Don’t worry.” Babata, after seeing Luo Feng’s rage, knew the joke had gone too far, “I haven’t finished, she isn’t dead, not dead at all.”

Luo Feng was startled.

“What’s going on?” Luo Feng was getting angrier.

“It’s like this: Xu Xin indeed committed suicide, destroying her body completely, her soul was also almost vaporized. However, the couple amulet I gave you before actually saved her. I don’t know what she actually did, whether it’s bad luck or fortune. This lovers’ amulet’s real name is ‘Eternal Love’. Babata said.

“Eternal love?” Luo Feng had acquired quite a bit of inherited memories, but he didn’t know what this eternal love was.

“You don’t know what Eternal love is, but you at least know about the eternal body right?” Babata said.

“Yes.” Luo Feng said.

Man’s life, a Star traveller’s life span was a little more than 1000 years, a Star level’s span is one era, a Universe level would be ten eras, a Domain Lord would be one hundred eras and a Sector Lord would be 1000 eras! Only an Undying being would never ever die.

From the Student level 9 to the Star traveller level, there’s a jump in the life span.

From the Star traveller level to the Star level, there’s also another jump.

Every critical point, there would be a jump in the life span.

And within the same categories, for example a Star traveller level 1 to a Star traveller level 9, the power difference is in the hundreds of times, but their life levels and spans are the same.

During the life level jumps…one’s entire body will go through a total reform.

This was an evolution of the body!

Man’s soul can live very very long, normally, they can live for 1000 eras. On the other hand, their bodies’ have limits, even with treatment and all, they will all still die of old age at a certain point.

A Star traveller body can maintain itself for about 1000 years or more, a Star level can go up to one era, only until the Sector Lord level, they have their own internal world, with that they can absorb outside energy sources, constantly reenergizing their physical body, never aging. When that occurs, then it’s all up to the soul.

The soul’s limit is 1000 eras.

That’s why…

A Sector Lord’s life span is 1000 eras.

Only after surpassing the Sector Lord, reaching the level jump for the soul! Will one be eternal!

Star traveller, Star, Universe, Domain Lord, Sector Lord, each life level jump is the critical point.

As for the Domain Lord to Undying.

The jump is for the soul!

……

In the vast universe, there are some special races, naturally born with ‘eternal bodies’; their bodies never age, only when their souls age and die, will they die. Their bodies are known as the eternal bodies.


Chapter 265: Half a Year Later

“The universe is fair.”

“Granting them eternal bodies, but also making them unable to get much stronger through training. If they wanted to train, the only way for them is to leave their original bodies and steal someone else’s.” Babata said, “Even though they are unable to train, think of the lure of eternity, Luo Feng, you’ll understand. Just like the children of Undying beings, they are at the Universe level, but their life spans are only ten eras. They would of course be willing to put their own children’s souls in the eternal bodies.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Without a way to raise their powers, they can live to 1,000 eras, which equates to 10,081,000 years, it was indeed a very attractive thing.

“The Undying beings in the universe or even some of the great empires, through research on the various races of eternal bodies have acquired some unique and special apparatus. After, through storing these items in the frozen silver, they became these little amulets, which became what is known through the universe as Eternal Love. It takes one eternal body to make one of these.” Babata said.

Luo Feng immediately understood…

The naturally born races with eternal bodies, were in fact very pitiful in the universe.

“In the universe, the ones with power and rank were many.”

“Countless people chase after longer life spans.”

“Repossession is one kind of technique, but one, that technique is extremely rare, and two it is really hard to train. Luo Feng you too relied on your teacher’s soul imprint, only with that supporting you were you able to use the skill.” Babata said, “to actually acquire the manual and technique, it’s definitely not easier than buying an Eternal Love amulet.”

“To possess another body, normally that body has to first be weaker than the original.” Babata said.

“The most important thing is, repossession has risks, one might end up self destructing.”

“Those with Eternal Love are set, just one amulet and your body transforms into the eternal body. Of course, after becoming an eternal body, one would be unable to train anymore.” Babata said, “If one wanted to train, one has to throw away the eternal body and enter another.”

“These unique items, can only be obtained from the ones born with the eternal bodies. Someone like Xu Xin who acquired her body from the change, we can never get such items from her.” Babata said.

Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

Otherwise, a person who acquired the eternal body and lived for 10 million years can just allow another person to get the items from his body again? That was simply just a dream.

“You are saying, Xu Xin now has a lifespan of 1000 eras?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask.

“Right, also, her body is undying. In order to kill her, you’d have to destroy her soul.” Babata said, while the Eternal Love is extremely precious, with your teacher’s status, storing a few of them wasn’t difficult. For you to wear an Eternal Love was something he had planned long ago.”

“Even if the flesh body is destroyed, with the Eternal Love reconstructing your body, it’ll naturally reform. This was the ultimate life saving trump card.”

“However, I was worried with you wearing the Eternal Love, not feeling any sense of danger and thus not training hard enough. That’s why I haven’t told you its effects.”

“I never thought you’d actually sacrifice your own body and use your soul to attack! Even the Eternal Love could not save you.”

Luo Feng laughed and relaxed.

That’s good too, it was some good from a misfortune. Afterall, Luo Feng was very clear…Xu Xin would never become a fighter, even with the spirits of nature, Mu Ya Crystals etc, countless treasures and they could probably force her into the Star traveller stage, but that was it. And now, even though she would be unable to train, she had an eternal body.

Yang Zhou city Ming Yue district, Luo Feng’s house.

Xu Xin was sitting at the desk, shocked.

“What’s wrong?” Xu Xin’s mind was in a whirl.

Suddenly, the opened notebook’s screen had a new message alert. What was weird was…the message automatically opened.

“Xu Xin, I am Luo Feng.”

The words at the top of the message shocked Xu Xin, her eyebrows creased…She was very clear that the elites of the world had AIs, even Luo Feng had them! A few emails, calls, footages etc were not enough for her to believe, because her brother Xu Gang used to do this sort of thing.

“I know you are suspicious, however, when you just tried to commit suicide, the amulet I gave you before worked, that’s why presently you are still alive. And that amulet should have disappeared.”

Xu Xin was shocked, immediately rubbing her chest and looking down to see…

Indeed, the safety amulet was gone, all that was left was the chain. This made Xu Xin shocked, and pleasantly surprised!

She knew she had just killed herself, and yet now she was still alive, was this really Luo Feng? Luo Feng wasn’t dead?

“I know you are suspicious, however, in six months, in six months I will return home, the most I’d take will be seven months.”

“Alright, remember, don’t do silly things.”

“Luo Feng.”

Finishing up the message, Xu Xin felt her exhausted heart once again fill up with life, the originally black and white world was once again filled with color, her life once again filled with hope!

“Maybe it’s real, maybe it’s real.” To be resurrected after dying, this obviously made Xu Xin believe more, “six months, the most seven months?”

“I must tell father and mother, Luo Hua too, about this good news.” Xu Xin was extremely excited.

……

That day, after Luo Feng’s family saw the message, even though they were shocked by Xu Xin’s attempt to commit suicide and reprimand her….. This filled everyone with hope again. While they suspected whether it was the doing of an AI, they would still patiently wait for another half a year.

Year 2061, March 9th. Night.

Night had fallen, Luo Feng’s family were having dinner, laughing.

“Father, mother, don’t push. It’s hard enough that I get to come home and have dinner with you all. Alright, I’ll tell you, this summer vacation, Zhen Nan and I will go register our marriage.” Luo Hua laughed, Luo Hua had just acquired another house in the Ming Yue district, after all his sister in law lived here, him living here too would be too crowded.

With his status, buying another house was simple, what’s more, he too was a fighter.

“That’s right.”

Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan laughed, the two babies in the crib beside were climbing around, laughing and having fun.

“Why hasn’t Xu Xin returned?” Gong Xin Lan couldn’t help but gaze outside anxiously.

“Right now, Little Xin has dived into her work, it’s also a good thing.” Luo Hong Guo laughed, Gong Xin Lan nodded, right…if she tried to commit suicide again that would be bad.

Suddenly…

Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan’s vision immediately blurred, Pu tong! Pu Tong! Pu Tong! The group of body guards outside the yard all collapsed. The two nannies within the house too collapsed, Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan had collapsed on the table, no movement.

Silence!

All that could be heard was the sound of the two babies.

“Who!” Luo Hua looked coldly outside.

“Mr Luo, how are you.”

Two men dressed in black western suits smiled as they walked in, as though they were returning home. One of them was a white man while the other resembled more of a southern Asian. The southern Asian man smiled, “Relax, they’ve only been put to sleep, I haven’t killed them.”

“Two representatives making such a grand appearance, I wonder what’s the matter?” Luo Hua said solemnly.

“Nothing, just taking a few things that belong to Star travellers, and things that normal people have no right to keep.” The southern Asian man smiled, “Relax, I won’t kill anybody, however…I hope you stay calm, the moment you order those metal robots out, I will immediately, to these people…”

“Boom!” He made an exaggerated expression, “Cause their souls to explode.”

“Sago Nehru, you are the only Star traveller spirit reader in the world right now, do you have to do such things?” Luo Hua said solemnly, he knew, no matter how fast the robots were, they weren’t as fast as a Spirit reader’s thoughts.

Sago Nehru.

India’s genius spirit reader, ever since Luo Feng and Eastbourne had fallen, Nehru, who had recently just broken through, was the only Star traveller level spirit reader left.

“There’s a need, of course there is.” Sago Nehru smiled, “Mr. Luo, I believe you know a bit about the current state of affairs of the world. Do you think…the treasures that Luo Feng left behind in your family will be left alone? Also, just leaving them in your Luo family is a waste.”

“Hm, Mu Ya crystal?” Sago Nehru smiled, “they are actually hidden in a room underground?”

“Wow, 18 Mu Ya Crystals? And quite a few spirits of nature? What a big haul, Luo Feng’s haul was really big.” Sago Nehru was extremely surprised.

Luo Hua’s expression turned ashen.

He understood, the enemy was using his spirit energy to search.

“How do you control those metal robots?” Sago Nehru looked at Luo Hua.

“No one can control them.” Luo Hua shook his head, “Even I cannot, my brother left them an order to protect our family. They’ll always follow only his command.”

“Oh.”

Sago Nehru nodded, he understood.

Suddenly…

The underground door automatically opened, a briefcase floated up, he extended his arm to grab it.

“Thanks.”

Sago Nehru smiled, “I’ll give you some advice, only with great power can you own such great treasures. Otherwise…Hehe, as for those robots, they are powerful. But they are after all just robots. Oh, even with a distance of a few hundred meters, I still can instantly destroy the souls of your family.”

“So, don’t do anything stupid.”

“Wei Nuo, let’s go.” Sago Nehru turned and left, Representative Wei Nuo followed behind.

Luo Hua watched as they left, not daring to make a move.

The disc shaped battleship flew at least 300m away, even on the battleship, Sago Nehru’s spirit attack could easily instantly kill all of the Luo Family.

“Bastard!”

Standing at the window, watching as the battleship left, Luo Hua’s expression was ugly.

Luckily, he had split the 60 Mu Ya Crystals into several portions, storing them in different locations. These 18 crystals, were already very shocking to the two representatives. Afterall, Hong and Thunder God had only acquired a total of about 10 crystals.

“What happened, what happened earlier?”

“What’s wrong with me?”

Bodyguards, nannies, Luo Hong Guo and others awoke, Luo Hua was helping them and the others, not telling what exactly happened.

There was no way…

Luo Hua could only admit, against fighters, the metal robots could still quickly resist! However, against a spirit reader and their spiritual attacks, the metal robots had no way to defend.

When the incident occurred, all of the conversation etc, were all heard by the metal robots and transmitted to Babata, naturally Luo Feng too knew of it!

“Wei Nuo? Sago Nehru?”

The golden horned monster which was over 300m long, deep in the ferocious ocean, its dark golden pupils were raging, “Babata, you said that they are now working with the fifth chairman Atkin, that cowardly turtle, keeping a low profile, even during the swallowing monster incident, he didn’t even show his face. Now he’s showing his ambition! I’ve always despised him, now…”

“Atkin! Sago Nehru!”

Luo Feng was extremely angry.

Being unable to visit his loved ones before, he was already very regretful. To think that Atkin and a few others, because of their greed actually dared play with their lives.

No matter his rage, Luo Feng had to endure! Even though the days of holding in his rage seemed like years.

Finally…

The first nurturing had succeeded, year 2061, June 2nd. That was the day Luo Feng would break out from his shell!


Chapter 266: Luo Feng’s Return

The golden fog engulfed a large hill, this was a hill totally made from metal.

In the air above the hill.

An oval shaped egg was floating.

“Ka, Ka.” The egg shell began to crack open, an arm raised out from within, finally the egg fully split open. A completely nude, fit man with short black hair was floating in mid air, his eyes serene, whatever his gaze fell upon, seemed to be filled with a sense of fear.

At a height of 1.78m, even though he was on the thin side, his body seemed just like a well forged high grade well tempered steel, giving off a sense of immense power!

The man with the short black hair surveyed the golden land.

“This is my internal world?” The man’s eyes were filled with wonder and curiosity.

Shua!

Everything suddenly vanished, at the same time…

Rumble!

The golden horned beast, covered completely in black scales, with a body length of 320 m suddenly appeared in the land.

Deep in the pacific ocean, the ferocious sea and undercurrent raged.

The golden horned beast suddenly vanished, at the same time, a completely nude man with black short hair appeared.

“Finally, I’ve finally reverted back.” Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with excitement that was hard to contain, “Core!” With a thought, he sensed within his body, clearly seeing his own heart through his chest, in between his lungs, right in the middle at the solar plexus spot, the core was spinning in place, filled with complex golden engravings, emitting a golden light.

This core was very very small.

Before, the Golden Horned Beast was 180m, this core’s diameter was only about 20cm or so. Now that Luo Feng had reverted to his human body, the core was barely a few millimeters.

“Genetic energy! Spiritual force!”

Luo Feng’s thoughts moved.

Rumble…

A large amount of golden fog flew into Luo Feng’s body from within his internal world, swiftly gathering in his abdomen’s center, swirling and gathering. With the large amount of metal characteristic fog from his internal world, one, two and finally three mini planets formed around his dan tian!

Star Traveller level 3!

Now, Luo Feng’s body could only take so much, any more required him to first strengthen his body, raising his dan tian’s ability to hold the energy.

“Rumble…”

At the same time, within the core, Luo Feng’s soul which had reached the level 3 Star traveller level was madly absorbing the universe’s energy. The moment it was received into the core, it was immediately sent to be refined, however it was only simple refining, reaching to the Star traveller level 5 and quickly leaving the core, flowing through his head and consciousness.

The ferocious wave of spirit energy continued to gather, change had began to happen, forming another spirit planet.

After spending a good half an hour, it finally stopped.

Within his consciousness…

A blood red planet, with five other planets orbiting around it, constantly rotating.

Star traveller 6!

“Luo Feng, your body is at the Star traveller level 4, however, your special ability before was the golden body, that’s why, your body’s sturdiness is comparable to a Star traveller level 4 fighter. It’s able to bear the power of a Star traveller level 6 Spirit reader, that’s his limit.” Babata said.

“Understood.”

Luo Feng smiled as he opened his eyes, beside him a liquid silver guard flew out, from that guard he received his storage ring, his spirit energy created a protective barrier in the sea, from within he retrieved a set of clothes to wear.

“Cloud contact.” Luo Feng looked far away.

Thousands of meters away in the sea, a blood red Cloud Contact Vine, even though it had shrunk smaller, it immediately flew towards Luo Feng! After recognizing its owner, the cloud contact vine…would follow him for life, the moment Luo Feng’s soul was destroyed, it too would die.

Shua!

The Cloud Contact Vine shrank and entered into Luo Feng’s skin, vanishing. A wave of thoughts and emotions from the Cloud Contact Vine transmitted over: “Happy, happy…”

“Looks like, I’m the same as before.” Luo Feng sighed, “However in essence, my soul’s core is the core of the internal world.

His body was nurtured from the internal world.

So, Luo Feng’s current body was similar to the Golden Horned Beast’s body, their weakness was…the core carrying the soul and the internal world! Right now, even if Luo Feng’s human head was blown off, he wouldn’t die, all he needed was to expend energy and it would regrow, just like the Golden Horned Beast.

“Luo Feng, I gave you the choice of the other races and you had to choose a human.”

“The Golden Horned Heast’s body and evolution speed, will far exceed your Earth human body’s evolution speed!”

“Even though the internal world has metal universe characteristics to provide, your body’s genetics are too weak, even with a large amount of power, if it cannot withstand it, what happens then?” Babata was obviously still unsatisfied.

Luo Feng laughed.

He understood the logic, the Golden Horned Beast’s growth relied on the internal world, every time the internal world grew one level, the Golden Horned Beast would immediately absorb large amounts of energy, swiftly growing in a level too. That way…the Golden Horned Beast would always maintain the same speed with its internal world.

However, Luo Feng’s body genetics, compared to the Golden Horned Beast, was far too inferior! It could not evolve at the same speed.

“It’s ok, I can’t be too greedy.” Luo Feng laughed, “At least, I’m currently a Star traveller level 6 spirit reader!”

In his Earth human body, he was a Star traveller level 6 spirit reader.

The moment he switches to the Golden Horned Beast body, he becomes a Star level 3 Golden Horned Beast!

After more than a year, from a Star level 1 to a Star level 3. It was pretty fast, it would become slower as he grew, especially the critical point of breaking into the Universe level, that would take more time.

“Rumble!”

Luo Feng stepped on the soaring shuttle, swiftly breaking out of the ocean.

High up in the air.

Luo Feng was on the soaring shuttle, heading towards Europe, his expression cold.

“Luo Feng, after the incident with the Swallowing Beast, Earth’s strongest and elite have all fallen, the Palace of Wargods has shut down. The warriors have no leader, no one like Hong, Thunder God or you, who hold a sense of absolute power among the strong. That’s why, everything is in a mess currently.”

“And back then the fifth chairman Atkin has thus become the current strongest.”

“Atkin, Yan Hai, they were originally representatives from the HR Alliance, but ever since the European’s strongest, which was the HR’s strongest Eastbourne fell, Atkin was the biggest, he joined forces with Yan Hai and led a group of representatives. Be it blackmail, threatening or just using force, they quickly took over the HR Alliance.”

“Also, Atkin and Yan Hai have gotten Sago Nehru in. And Sago Nehru, as India’s genius, was naturally accepted into the Thunder Dojo and is currently one of their investigators.”

“According to my research, this is my report.”

“This power, Atkin was originally the fifth chairman, Yan Hai initially challenged this but failed, but his power is comparable to Jia Yi. These two are very strong. Sago Nehru, is currently Earth’s only Star traveller level spirit reader, he’s also the genius I mentioned before that was beneath you.”

Luo Feng’s expression was cold.

“Regarding the organization that Atkin, Yan Hai and Sago Nehru are leading, they’ve become powerful! Under them are some other level 1 and 2 Star Traveller representatives. They are currently the Earth’s leading powers.

“Under them is the Dojo of Limits! The Dojo of Limits has the most loyal three guards, who are very united!”

“Then there’s the five great countries.”

“Finally, the Thunder Dojo! Ever since Thunder God was comatosed, with Sago Nehru joining the dojo, the Thunder Dojo has had internal struggles and the situation is pretty serious.”

Luo Feng was surprised with this news, To control the HR Alliance while also influencing the Thunder Dojo, this power was indeed frightening!

“Relying on blackmail, force, murder or stealing of treasures, this power has established its powerful foundation! The countries all do not dare to offend them.” Babata said.

Atkin was the most powerful fighter. Nehru was the most powerful spirit reader.

Also, Yan Hai who was closer to Atkin.

“Mo Henderson, Eastbourne, Tripathi Singh, Jia Yi, Sokolov, their relatives haven’t suffered?” Luo Feng definitely did not forget, the five heroes who went along with him to battle the Golden Horned Beast.

“More or less, they haven’t been much better off, however, nobody dares to bully the families of the eight heroes! Only Mo Henderson’s family has had it worse, one died. According to media, they said it was a car accident.” Babata said.

Luo Feng’s expression became even colder.

The power struggle was extremely brutal. While it may seem peaceful on the surface, many have died behind the shadows with new people replacing them.

“The days have gotten better without new dangers and this new pile of garbage rises!” Luo Feng’s killing intent rose, from the influence of the Golden Horned Beast’s lineage and bloodline, the current Luo Feng was much more savage, “Back then we didn’t see them in times of crisis, now they’ve jumped out and taken over. Even the families of the heroes they’ve dared to threaten, taking away their treasures.”

“They deserve to die!”

“They deserve to die!!!” Luo Feng’s gaze was god, “Without a tiger in the mountain, the monkeys take over. Atkin? Yan Hai? Sago Nehru? All of you will die!”

At Star traveller level 3, Luo Feng had already surpassed the old heroes by killing the Grand Emperor monster and was on par with Hong and Thunder God.

And now, at Star traveller level 6…

Killing those people would be like stepping on ants!

Europe, Paris headquarter city, dawn.

Dressed in a western suit, with his all white hair neatly trimmed, Yan Hai was in a good mood as held a wine glass and sat on his villa’s 3rd level balcony.

“Hehe.”

Sniffing, Yan Hai seemed to enjoy the smell, closing his eyes and taking a sip.

“Exhilarating.” Yan Hai remarked as he enjoyed.

He enjoyed his current life, back during the Grand Nirvana period, he regarded the end of the world and that situation as the best life for the strong, he could live like an emperor. He had assembled beside him a group of savage and brutal helpers like him, however, Jia Yi that asshole, his sense of justice was too strong!

The two were huge rivals.

As two great warriors from China, their powers were extremely close. Finally, he was cornered by Jia Yi and finally forced to leave China, hiding in the far away European continent. Decades passed with him not daring to step foot in China! And now, whenever he felt like going, he’d just do it, he did whatever he felt like!

Jia Yi was dead! The fourth chairman had also died! Luo Feng, that sick bastard too was dead!

All that was left was the fifth chairman Atkin, and he was his good friend, he was the same as himself!

“Good wine, good wine.” Yan Hai smiled end to end, pouring for himself to enjoy.

The oppressive days from before were gone, and now, he was living it up!

“Hm?” Yan Hai was startled, slowly turning around to look, his heart filled with fear, “How can this be, how can this be? With the Mu Ya crystals, I’ve already stepped into the star traveller level 3! Even Atkin who is stronger than me by a bit, cannot get behind me without me noticing! On this Earth, there shouldn’t be anyone like that, it can’t be!!!”

His heart roared.

However, Yan Hai continued to slowly turn around, his gaze concentrated, staring hard at that spot, he wanted to know…just who it was!

Wearing long army pants, with a simple sleeveless on top, black short hair, his entire being seemed extremely malevolent and ferocious, his gaze incomparably cold.

“You, you…”

Yan Hai’s eyes were wide open.

“No, no…”His face became flushed red, as though he had seen a ghost, “It can’t be! You…”

“Don’t look as though you’ve seen a ghost, only the guilty fear the dead, I am indeed Luo Feng, and I’ve come to reap your life!” A cold voice resounded.

Rumble!

Yan Hai felt his soul get ripped apart, after his soul had scattered, his entire body collapsed on the floor.

“Hmph.” Luo Feng looked with his icy cold gaze, “You are the first.”

Sou!

He had already flown far into the sky.


Chapter 267: He Has Arrived

“Master, it’s time to leave.” A voice filled with respect resounded from the stairs beneath the balcony.

“Master?”

“Master?” A few repeated shouts, the suspicious butler ran up, looking around, seeing the collapsed invincible warrior Yan Hai without a movement on the floor. His expression immediately changed: “Master, what’s wrong? What’s wrong with you?” He ran over and squatted beside to check for breath and pulse.

“Dead?”

The butler opened his eyes wide, extremely terrified, “How could the master have died? The recent health checkup by the doctor said his body was very very healthy, much healthier than even young people, how could…” A Star traveller fighter’s life span was more than 1000 years, this point, several of the elite researchers who studied the ancient ruins knew, this butler however didn’t.

In a moment!

Yan Hai’s several family heart specialists were beside his body.

“His body is completely fine, no damage whatsoever.” The doctor beside, using the apparatus deducted, shaking his head, “This shouldn’t be, this body is completely healthy, he shouldn’t be dead.”

From a medical standpoint.

If there aren’t any physical problems, then he shouldn’t have just died. However, they had no way to check the soul.

North America, Washington headquarter city.

A black luxury car was slowly driving along the streets, sitting within was Earth’s current number one person, Atkin. With unmatchable strength, he forced the entire HR Alliance to re-elect himself, replacing Isadora and becoming the first chairman! He held the highest authority in the HR Alliance. Even the nine great core families, none of them dared to fight them!

And during the Swallowing beast incident, he was the Palace of Wargod’s fifth chairman!

Atkin, was extremely lean.

He sported a beard below his mouth. His gaze seemed as if he was daydreaming, but sometimes it seemed to chill one’s heart! This one person, during the swallowing beast episode, kept an extremely low profile, even Hong and Thunder God had never realized this person’s crazy ambitions. And when the strongest of the time fell one after another, he finally revealed his wild ambitions!

“Hello.” Atkin took out his handphone.

“Chairman, Mr Yan Hai was discovered dead 15 minutes ago, right on his house’s balcony. As to the specific time of death, we are unable to determine.” An obviously nervous voice sounded.

“What!”

Atkin’s expression changed, his heart was in a flurry, how did Yan Hai die? Who on this earth had the ability to so easily kill Yan Hai? “How did he die?” Atkin asked.

“No clue, no one in his entire house heard any commotion. No one knows just how he died, or even when!”

Atkin creased his eyebrows and said solemnly, “The cause of death, unable to determine?”

“Yes, Mr Yan Hai’s body is undamaged, his body is extremely healthy, he shouldn’t be dead.” The moment he finished, Atkin’s expression changed immediately.

Pa!

Shutting the phone, Atkin’s eyes squinted, his gaze cold: “It’s a spirit reader attack on his soul! Only with one’s soul destroyed would one die this way! However….on this Earth, there’s only one Star traveller Spirit reader…Sago Nehru! And Sago Nehru is only a level 1 Star Traveller, he doesn’t have the power to kill Yan Hai.”

“Just who is it?”

“Who?”

Two silhouettes swiftly flashed through Atkin’s mind, people he had suppressed in his memories over the years, Eastbourne! And the genius, even stronger than Eastbourne, Luo Feng!

“But they are dead! Eastbourne’s body, I saw it personally. Luo Feng’s life force too had weakened till it vanished, it was broadcasted all over the world.” Atkin’s expression changed greatly, “Not right, Luo Feng…Luo Feng…”

He remembered Hong and Thunder God who were deep in their coma, back then their life force signals too had vanished, and while they didn’t have any mental signals, they were living dead. But still, they weren’t dead!

That swallowing beast too had gone through rebirth.

“No one saw Luo Feng’s body!”

“From the start to end, no one had seen Luo Feng’s body. Don’t tell me…he, he’s still alive?” Atkin’s expression was ugly. Back then, with extreme ease, Luo Feng had killed the eight tentacle grand emperor, he was not something Atkin could deal with! Against the eight tentacle grand emperor, he would be easily killed. And back then Luo Feng handled it with such ease.

Luo Feng, that young but invincible abnormality, was on par with Hong and Thunder God.

Atkin?

He needed to respect Luo Feng!

If Luo Feng had truly returned, knowing he had sent Sago Nehru and Wei Nuo to take away his Mu Ya Crystals by force, then…

“No, No!” Atkin shook his head, extremely nervous and worried.

If it was Luo Feng, he was screwed.

Even if it wasn’t Luo Feng, to be able to kill Yan Hai without so much of a sound, he was afraid he too wouldn’t stand a chance!

“Hello.” Atkin quickly made a call, “Sago Nehru, it’s me, Atkin, I suspect Luo Feng isn’t dead and has just killed Yan Hai. You need to be careful, perhaps it would be best to immediately leave your home!”

Asia, India, New Delhi headquarter city.

Because of the time difference, it was dawn in Europe but mid afternoon in New Delhi, the ferocious sun of Fall was shining on the land, and in the headquarter city’s East district, there was a large castle, it was India’s ancient household of power, owned by the powerful Nehru family.

The Nehru family, was originally the strongest only in the political world, however since one of its children, Sago Nehru had swiftly risen, becoming the world’s only Star Traveller spirit reader, the family’s power grew by leaps and bounds!

“Ever since Mr. Sago Nehru agreed to accept spirit reader disciples, the number of visitors have been increasing everyday.”

“Spirit readers, it’s something that’s not easy to train. Sago Nehru is the entire world’s most powerful spirit reader, also, he’s still so young. Even compared to Hua Xia’s Luo Feng, their ages are similar! Mr. Sago Nehru is India’s pride, a definite spirit reader genius, I believe he’ll be just like Mr Luo Feng, becoming incredibly powerful and invincible.”

“Yes, the entire world says that Sago Nehru is the second Luo Feng.”

On top of the castle, two guards looked down on a luxurious car which had stopped in the parking lot outside, beginning a discussion quietly.

Within the castle.

In the living room, gathered two groups of visitors.

“Please wait a moment, Sago Nehru is currently meditating, once he’s finished, he will attend to you all.” A man dressed in a light silk clothing smiled as he said.

“Alright, I’m in no rush.”

The two groups had a total of eight people, and among them were two young spirit readers. It was clear that they awakened recently!

……

Nehru castle, in the sky above, a silhouette appeared.

The weird thing was, no one saw this silhouette.

“Babata, your camouflage system is not bad.” Luo Feng praised.

“This is nothing!” A clear crisp voice sounded, “It’s just twisting the surrounding light, causing whoever’s below to miss the light and not see anything. It’s too simple! In the universe, with better technology, the ships, interstellar transporters, even if they stopped above your cities, if they didn’t want you to see them, you all wouldn’t be able to!”

Luo Feng didn’t suspect that at all.

Ever since he had become the Golden Horned Beast deep underwater, with Babata’s signal scrambler, all of earth’s apparatus have been unable to sense his life force signal at all.

“These are all little children’s science! To a fighter, closing in on him, even if he doesn’t use his sight, he should still be able to feel the presence.” Babata said.

“Right.”

Luo Feng surveyed below, extremely gently, his spirit energy swept past, no sound or trace as it flowed through the castle. It could be deemed gentle and totally noiseless, no one had realized Luo Feng’s sensing, including the new Star Traveller spirit reader Sago Nehru.

“He’s a Star Traveller level 1, I’m a 6, just by levels, I’m stronger than him by 32 times. Not to mention I’ve trained in and . In terms of controlling power alone, including all the techniques, I’m countless time stronger.” Luo Feng shook his head, through Yun Mo Planet’s structured training, he could clearly feel…

In spiritual force, he was much stronger than his enemy.

Sou!

Luo Feng rushed downwards!

In the castle.

Dressed in a luxurious black robe, a youth was lying on a sofa. His leg was resting on a glass table, his hand was holding a goblet, within it he swirled the exquisite red wine.

“Wu.”

Sago Nehru gently took a sip, “Fight with me? That old man, he’s already so old. I’m still so young, just with power alone how can he compare with me? Right now…the moment I’m willing to accept disciples, countless powerful families are sending their children over to be my disciple. I, am the earth’s only Star Traveller level spirit reader!”

“With the big powers on my side, also with big brother Atkin helping out, plus I’m from the Nehru family, the family with power in India…”

“The position of head in the Thunder Dojo is definitely mine!”

Sago gently raised his head, revealing a condescending smile, “Wu, and people dare say I’m the next Luo Feng, I’ve heard too much of these words!”

Ever since he broke through into the Star Traveller level, everybody praised him, saying how he would be just like Luo Feng in many aspects.

In the beginning, Sago Nehru was very proud and happy.

But after hearing much of such sayings, he began to get annoyed.

“Hmph, my age is similar to Luo Feng’s, I will one day reach the skies, become even stronger. Just like Hong and Thunder God! When that time comes, I will make others say…Luo Feng, you are Sago Nehru number two! Haha…” Enjoying success at such a young age, Sago Nehru was extremely content and arrogant, suddenly his phone rang.

“Hello.” Sago Nehru answered.

“Sago Nehru, it’s me, Atkin, I suspect Luo Feng isn’t dead and has just killed Yan Hai. You need to be careful, perhaps it would be best to immediately leave your home!” Atkin’s voice transmitted from the phone.

Sago Nehru was so shocked he stood upright immediately.

However, the moment he stood up, he realized there was someone standing at the door behind him, he was wearing long army pants, a simple sleeveless top. The man had yellow skin and black short hair. His gaze was piercing like knives through his soul, causing Sago Nehru to tremble!

Sago Nehru’s eyes opened wide!

This appearance….99% of the entire world recognized!

“He, he…” Sago Nehru’s face had gone pale.

Extreme fear!

Before he had felt he himself was very strong, but now with this person standing right in front of him, with just a gaze, he felt an overwhelming sense of fear! And he had once gone to that person’s family’s house to steal the treasures ‘left behind’.

“Sago Nehru, say something? Why aren’t you saying anything?” Atkin’s nervous voice resounded.

“He, he has already arrived!”


Chapter 268: Earthshaking

Sweat started to appear from Sago Nehru’s forehead, facing that terrifying killing gaze from his enemy, those piercing cold eyes that made people tremble in fear, it was simply, simply just like the world broadcast from before! Just like the gaze of the one that terrified the entire world, that of the Golden Horned Beast!

Sago Nehru squeezed out a smile, “Mr Luo, Mr Luo Feng, you are actually still alive, this is just…”

“There are quite a few scum in this world, but for someone to sink to such a level…” Luo Feng’s gaze was cold, suddenly a mental attack, one undetectable by the naked eye, pierced through Sago Nehru’s consciousness like a sharp needle, the mini planet within was pierced through just like tofu, crumbling!

Rumble!

Sago Nehru’s eyes opened wide, they were filled with fear before he collapsed on the floor.

Overlooking Sago Nehru’s body from above, Luo Feng’s body vanished out the door straight after.

Up high in the sky.

Luo Feng stepped on the soaring shuttle, becoming a beam of light and heading towards America.

From birth till now, Luo Feng had never been some saint, or some impregnable hero! The only thing was…he had his own limits within his heart! There were many scum in the world, but Luo Feng would never lash out at them or go punish every single one of them. After all, where there’s light, there will be darkness.

However, Atkin, Sago Nehru and Yan Hai, these three top powers had done one thing that truly enraged Luo Feng…to threaten or directly rob the relatives of the deceased heroes.

“Mo Henderson, Eastbourne, Tripathi Singh, Jia Yi, Sokolov, you all died with honor.”

“And these three bastards, actually disturbed your peace. I definitely won’t allow it!”

Luo Feng’s fixed his gaze on the oceans in the direction of America, following Babata’s tracking signals that he had acquired from hacking into the internet, Atkin was currently in the Washington base!

……

Washington headquarter city, because of the time difference, it was currently late at night here.

A luxurious car stopped in the street.

“He’s arrived!” a voice transmitted from the phone, Atkin’s eyes widened from within the car.

“Not good, Luo Feng is really not dead, he has really returned!” Atkin’s forehead had beads of cold sweat, at the same time, a thought swiftly flashed in his mind, without question, Luo Feng had killed Yan Hai first, he was definitely heading to kill Sago Nehru now, and the next would probably be himself.

“What can I do, what can I do?”

“This Luo Feng is ruthless, and his power is too strong!” Atkin was getting more worried the more he thought about it, he was so nervous his forehead and back was sweating like crazy.

Panic!

No matter how he thought about it, he would end up dead!

“Rush over to Luo Feng’s house and hold his family hostage? Not possible, they have metal robots capable of stopping me. Also, from America to China, the distance is too far, my speed cannot match Luo Feng’s, so I’ll definitely be intercepted!” Atkin thought of many possible solutions, swiftly striking them down one after another.

“I’m trapped in a hopeless situation, cornered. The Earth is so big, but with Luo Feng’s power, I have nowhere to run!!!”

Atkin grit his teeth, “I can only do this!”

He immediately grabbed his hand phone, swiftly making a call: “Help me quickly this instant, with the greatest speed gather all the important media and reporters in Washington, also, inform the rest of the world’s media via the HR alliance…”

This night, was not going to be a peaceful one.

The Earth’s number one person, the HR Alliance’s chairman Atkin had begun his struggle to live!

……

In the biggest plaza in the Washington headquarter city, late at night, vehicle after vehicle of media people arrived, with their high frequency broadcasting noises, they awoke the surrounding community of American people. Seeing the plaza all lit up, filled with large numbers of vehicles, the scene attracted many citizens to gather around.

“The chairman of the HR Alliance, will deliver a piece of shocking news to the world.”

“This next scene, will definitely shake the Earth.”

“Yes, no doubt about it, the chairman of the HR Alliance, the strongest man on the Earth now! He will officially deliver big news.”

“……”

The media people began their individual reports.

And with the big screen in the plaza, the footage of Hong and Thunder God back then fighting the swallowing monster appeared, also scenes of the six heroes entering the ocean along with a detailed explanation of the eight heroes.

“Why is the screen displaying the incident of the eight heroes, perhaps the announcement has something to do with the eight heroes?”

“Perhaps, the two vegetables Hong and Thunder God have awoken?”

First, the surrounding houses which were filled with citizens emptied, and all of them approached the plaza.

……

Asia, Australia, North America, South America, Africa, wherever the HR Alliance had any influence over, they had direct control of the media coverage. And today, Atkin had, in a last ditch attempt, forked out money to other broadcasting media, causing the entire world’s media to be focused on this place!

On the internet, many websites had pop ups.

It was still night in America!

However, in Europe, it was morning. In China and India, it was the hottest time of day.

Coverage on television, internet live broadcast, these led to the entire world all immediately coming to know of the scene.

“What’s up, what’s the big news?”

“It’s actually the HR Alliance’s Chairman personally making an announcement?”

The entire world, through the internet or television found out almost immediately, even those busy with work, or asleep were all notified by their friends.

It was obvious, it was big news that was about to be announced!”

Washington headquarter city, Plaza.

“Let me invite our HR Alliance Chairman Atkin!”

Under the huge spotlights, the media’s many cameras, wearing a white shirt with a black suit, seemingly very proper, Atkin walked up, the aura of one that controlled the universe surrounded him, this made everyone go silent. It was obviously a being that exceeded the wargod level, a being that normal people looked up to.

“Attention all, to everyone watching this live broadcast, my friends.”

Atkin’s face had an expression that was hard to control, “Today, let me first introduce a person!”

“He is, talented beyond his years, the youngest spirit reader who exceeds the wargods!”

“He, once single handedly killed tens of Emperor level monsters, including a Grand Emperor.”

“He, in a final battle with the Swallowing Beast, killed that monster, saving humanity from that calamity!”

“Who is he?” Atkin was extremely emotional.

At the same time on the screen behind him, what was initially showing all eight heroes displayed Luo Feng’s data! Luo Feng’s individual achievements at different times, large amounts of pictures, words and footage appeared on the screen.

“Yes, it is Luo Feng!”

“Our Earth’s greatest genius, most honorable genius.” Atkin’s voice was passionate.

Before the television and internet live broadcast.

Countless people all over the world seemed to be reliving the time more than a year ago, the time where they were all living in fear, fear that the end of humanity had come. Towards the eight heroes, in their hearts, these eight were the saviors of the world. And among them, the youngest and the one who dealt the killing blow, Luo Feng, was worshipped and respected more by countless people.

“I admire and respect him. I am saddened by his loss, I am filled with regret for his loss…Humanity lost a great genius from this generation!”

Atkin suddenly spoke mysteriously: “However, no one has noticed, from the beginning to the end, no one ever found Luo Feng’s body! The warriors that entered the ocean after the battle only saw the Swallowing Beast’s body, no one ever saw Luo Feng’s corpse!”

Silence!

Everyone in the plaza had gone silent, what erupted after was pure elation, emotional and excited discussion that was hard to suppress!

“Yes! Your guesses are not wrong!”

Atkin’s voice resounded loudly, “The news I’m about to announce today is…Earth’s most honorable genius Luo Feng, he’s still alive!!! Yes, he’s still alive!!!”

Rumble!

The entire plaza erupted!

Rumble!

All the countries around the world, countless citizens in front of the televisions all jumped up! Even the ones in front of their computers!

At this time!

The entire world had erupted with glee!

China, Luo Feng’s house level 1 living room.

Beside was the baby’s cot, Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan and the nanny were all watching the television.

“Earth’s most noble genius Luo Feng, he’s still alive!!! Yes, he’s still alive!!!” From the television, that emotional booming voice along with the celebration noises from the plaza seemed to almost blow up the television, the living room people who held their breaths couldn’t help but shout out emotionally.

“Quickly, tell Little Xin to return.”

“Contact Little Hua.”

Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan excitedly dialed their handphones, the two children inside the cots beside them were quiet as they pulled on the sheets, watching the television screen wide eyed, “Dada, da…” One of them pointed at Luo Feng’s picture as it appeared on the screen, making noise at it.”

……

Luo Hua was in his company’s office, sitting in front of his computer. Xu Xin too was at her company’s computer.

They both watched their own screens.

……

Wei Wen, who was napping in the afternoon due to the heat was also dragged by his girlfriend to a computer.

“What.”

Wei Wen was so excited his mouth dropped wide open!

The Dojo of Limits, Luo Feng’s earlier teacher Jiang Fang too was in front a computer.

……

The girl who once chased after him, Janet, was with a suitor, stopped in a street, raising her head to watch the big screen.

……

Countless people around the world were watching this scene, the eight heroes were legendary in their saving of the world before. The media and reports after, made them almost godlike! And right now, the youngest and most genius amongst them was still alive? This was relayed personally by the HR Alliance’s Chairman, broadcasting to the rest of the world.

“I know this news is so exciting that it’s hard to go back to bed! That’s why, I couldn’t resist, I had to immediately relay this good news to everyone!”

“He’s a hero I truly respect!”

“Incomparable respect!”

Atkin acted as though he was extremely emotional from his respect of the heroes and that one had returned, on television, computers, screens in the streets, this caused countless people to get even more emotional! They didn’t suspect that he was just acting. From their point of view, respecting these eight heroes was normal.

Suddenly…

Above the plaza, a beam of light swiftly descended, stopping gently. The entire plaza, including Atkin had gone silent.

The entire world, everyone in front of their computers or television had gone silent.

The entire world was silent.

Everyone looked at that silhouette!

He, dressed in long army pants, simple sleeveless top, black short hair, his gaze deep as the ocean. From mid air, he descended slowly, that formless aura seemed to permeate even people watching through their screens.


Chapter 269: Near Light Speed

All the media people in the plaza, including the large number of normal citizens couldn’t help but stare wide eyed at the human silhouette descending from above.

Right, they weren’t mistaken!

It was him! The man that was repeatedly shown on the television!

“It’s Luo Feng.” Thousands of voices resounded.

“Luo Feng!”

“It’s Luo Feng.” “Luo Feng! Luo Feng!”

The entire plaza had erupted.

My god!

Luo Feng of the eight heroes, the man who transcended his generation, gathering countless of worshippers, the genius of his age was still alive! At this time, who knew how many citizens were getting extremely emotional, the various countries elites and leaders were all startled, a few greedy families, power hungry individuals too were in a frenzy. For a powerful warrior like Luo Feng, there was no need for an army, just one person alone would be invincible!

Back then, Hong and Thunder God were ranked above the countries. After the loss of the eight heroes, the positions of the five countries rose by quite a bit. Even though Atkin’s power was larger, his authority still wasn’t like Hong or Thunder God, that undeniable unshakable absolute power.

“Big brother!”

Luo Hua was extremely emotional.

……

“Little Feng, little Feng.” Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan were watching the silhouette as he appeared on the screen, tears rolling down their faces, overjoyed.

……

In front of an office desk.

Xu Xin was watching the live broadcast from her computer, that silhouette that she had only dreamt about holding on to, appeared on screen, she couldn’t help but get excited, rubbing the steel ring, extremely elated.

At this time, Xu Xin felt as though she had ascended to heaven.

The entire world’s citizens were in an uproar, and within the Washington headquarter city’s plaza, the HR Alliance Chairman Atkin was extremely excited: “Mr Luo Feng, when I found out about you being alive, I was extremely excited, I couldn’t wait to let the rest of the world hear the news. However…now that I’ve seen you with my own eyes, I’m truly, emotional.”

“I Atkin, hate myself for not having done anything during the Swallowing Beast incident!”

“And right now, even though that incident has passed, the threat of the sea creatures still remain. And Hong and Thunder God aren’t around, without a leader, the entire world’s warriors are just like scattered sand. Now that Mr Luo Feng has returned, this is great. I hope Mr Luo Feng can lead us and continue to protect humanity against the sea creatures.”

“I am willing to follow Mr Luo Feng into battle, to fight for humanity!”

Atkin looked earnestly at Luo Feng, his voice going through the microphone, resounding throughout the plaza, throughout every television screen, every computer screen.

Luo Feng looked at Atkin.

He secretly laughed coldly, this Atkin, if he thought about escaping, with Babata’s tracing through the satellites and his own speed, there was nowhere for him to run at all. And now, he actually created such a scene…obviously he wanted the billions of people on earth to witness and know, how much he respected and worshipped Luo Feng.

Saying he wanted to follow Luo Feng and fight for humanity!

“Mr Luo Feng.” Atkin controlled the energy around, cutting off the surrounding sound from the outside of his barrier, his face filled with regret and embarrassment, “I admit, in my greed before I’ve made a mistake. However, I plead for Mr Luo Feng to give me a chance. The Mu Ya Crystals, spirits of nature that Sago Nehru took from you family, I will return. I only hope, you give me one more chance. Now that you’ve returned, even if given the opportunity, I would never dare to do such a thing again.”

Atkin’s posture was lowered.

However, deep within, he thought: “The only escape route is to fight desperately in the face of death! With the entire world witnessing, hundreds of millions of people watching, with the media reporting, Luo Feng’s image is undeniably brilliant, perfect! The people’s hero! And I am showing so much respect, worshipping him, how can he do anything to me?”

“If he attacks me, that would destroy his perfect image.”

“Attacking me, will raise countless people’s suspicion towards him.”

“Atkin.” Luo Feng spoke.

“Mr Luo Feng.” Atkin bowed, displaying high respect, even his gaze towards Luo Feng seemed to be filled with respect and worship!

Hu!

A knife blade became a beam of light, in the short distance, it cut into Atkin’s forehead, even the black skin that appeared…the black god set was instantly sliced through, straight into his brain, his consciousness and spirit destroyed, the knife blade returning swiftly through the same route through the wound.

The speed was extremely fast, so fast nobody on scene could see it clearly.

“Eh…” Atkin opened his eyes wide, as though he couldn’t believe Luo Feng would kill him in such a situation.

Rumble!

His entire body collapsed on the floor, blood trickling out from the wound on his forehead.

“He was killed!”

“He’s dead!”

Chaos erupted in the plaza, the entire world’s televisions and internet broadcasts had captured everything, the countless citizens all over were shocked, the broadcasts rewinded the footage and slowed down the scene, most televisions had a limit to how much they could slow it down…100 times, they could barely make out the shadow of the blade piercing through Gold Arthur’s head and swiftly returning.

“Mr Luo Feng, you, why did you kill Chairman Atkin!” The reporters said after having quickly confirmed the murderer after watching the slowed down video.

“Mr Luo Feng!”

“Is it Mr Luo Feng?”

“How can this be?”

“If it’s not Mr Luo Feng, who else could so easily kill chairman Atki?”

The plaza was in a mess.

“Mr Luo Feng, explain why you killed him!” A blonde female reporter didn’t seemed to believe that the hero she worshipped was capable of such an act.

Luo Feng’s cold gaze surveyed his surrounding.

His formless spirit aura placed pressure on everybody, causing everyone to go silent.

“He.” Luo Feng gazed down upon Atkin’s body, “is scum, and deserved to die!”

Whoosh!

He flew into the sky, swiftly vanishing from the broadcast.

The group of reporters were left dumbfounded, before jumping to their sense.

“Viewers and friends in front of your televisions, Mr Luo Feng suddenly killed the HR Alliance’s Chairman Atkin, after which, he only said, “He is scum, and he deserved to die”, there was no detailed explanation. As to the specifics of the situation, this station will investigate and report!” a blonde pretty lady said towards the camera.

“Oh, my god! It’s real, you are not mistaken, Mr Luo Feng just killed Atkin. He only said ‘scum, he deserved to die.’ While Mr Luo Feng’s actions were violent, however, I, Black Jack, am an undying loyal supporter of Mr Luo Feng, I believe, Atkin must have done some very despicable acts. The details are still a big secret but I Black Jack will definitely get it out for everybody.”

……

Ever since Luo Feng disappeared from the screen, the various television stations or websites all began to debate about the details of the incident!

Luo Feng stepped on the soaring shuttle and flew high in the sky.

Surveying the endless ocean, a rare smile appeared on his face.

“You still have the mood to smile? Luo Feng, you just killed Atkin, that has destroyed your perfect image. You must know, as a hero, a man known as an unsurpassed genius, among the humans on earth, 100% of all the discussions on the internet were all in favour of you, they worshipped you. Your image was of absolute perfection. Right now, that’s all gone. What a pity.” Babata said.

“Perfect? I was never perfect.”

Luo Feng gave an indifferent smile, “And I’ve never thought of being a perfect person, whoever deserves to die, I’ll kill him!”

Babata couldn’t help but think: “Hm, this Luo Feng repossession has definitely been influenced by the Golden Horned Beast, his brutality and killing intent is much greater than before! However…Hehe, I like it.”

……

The hot blistering sun of June, had no effect or way of diminishing man’s passion.

Yang Zhou City, Ming Yue district, many citizens had gathered here, their heads all raised as they waited …waiting for Luo Feng’s appearance! Even the communities of Ming Yue were all excited and awaiting Luo Feng’s return.

Maybe in other countries, there were people who were suspicious about Luo Feng’s murder of Atkin.

However, as the pride of China, Luo Feng was undeniably and upright, almost everybody stood on his side!

“Luo Feng!” A youth looking through binoculars shouted out.

Immediately, the countless citizens that had clogged up the district, even to the point where some were standing on cars, they all erupted in cheers.

A silhouette was swiftly flying over, landing in a grass patch in Ming Yue district. Luo Feng glanced over towards the district, smiling, before heading directly to his house. This smile caused countless of worshippers to cheer in complete excitement.

……

At his house door.

His father Luo Hong Guo, mother Gong Xin Lan, wife Xu Xin, Little brother Luo Hua were all present, including the now able to stand twin children.

Luo Feng walked over step by step.

His family’s eyes were all wet and tearing.

“Call out to your dad…” Xu Xin held the hands of the two children who looked extremely alike. The two of them looked over and opened their mouths: “Dad, daddy, daddy…”

Luo Feng was so excited and emotional he cried.

Since Luo Feng’s return in June, the violent undercurrents around the world suddenly halted, the greedy families didn’t are make any moves! Thunder Dojo and the Dojo of Limits returned to their original activities, the entire world seemed, for an instant, to be extremely united, no one dared to disturb that peace.

This was Luo Feng’s influence!

When Luo Feng returned home, he first went to pay his respects to the five good friends that sacrificed themselves… Mo Henderson, Eastbourne, Tripathi Singh, Jia Yi and Solokov! Then, he went over to the Dojo of Limits headquarters, visiting Hong and Thunder God who were still in their comas.

After.

Luo Feng organized a wedding with Xu Xin!

All was at peace, under the influence of Luo feng this super power, peace prevailed over the entire world.

Year 2061 Winter.

“Good Ping Ping, come, eat another mouthful. Hm, good good!” Luo Feng carried a small bowl, going to feed his other son. “Little Hai, come, good, right, eat another mouthful. Don’t be mischievous, your older brother has eaten three mouthfuls. You’ve only eaten one. Come.” Luo Feng looked lovingly at his son, coaxing him, feeding the children.

On the sofa beside him, Xu Xin was personally knitting a sweater, smiling as she looked over.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng.” Babata’s voice resounded in his consciousness.

Luo Feng, carrying the bowl in his hand was startled: “What’s up?”

“That black dragon ship, except for a few assisting functions aside, everything else is ready. Even though it still cannot travel through universes, but, it can at least reach sub light speed…100 000 km per second!” Babata said, “in my storage space now, I’m currently fixing the assisting functions systems, but the black dragon ship itself is ready for use.”

“Didn’t you say, the metal gathered on earth was too little, there was no way to engage in the Golden Horned Beast’s training? Especially the “Deity of the World”, there was no way to train at all.”

“With the black dragon mountain ship, even though it hasn’t exactly reached the speed of light, with one hour’s time, it can reach Mars.”

“You can totally eat breakfast in the morning, head to Mars, return in the night and have dinner!” Babata said.


Chapter 270: Arrival on Mars

With such an explanation, Luo Feng was more than anxious to go.

That night, Luo Feng informed his family.

Year 2061, December 3rd, Morning.

After the family had breakfast together, Xu Xin drove to her office, Luo Feng informed his family: “Dad, mum, I won’t be here until the afternoon, I’ll be back at night for dinner. Ping Ping, Little Hai, listen to your grandparents at home…” He bent down to kiss his two sons goodbye, leaving the house. His body became a blur within the yard before vanishing altogether.

High in the sky.

Luo Feng flew swiftly in the air, past the clouds, continuously heading higher, the sun above the clouds was getting increasingly glaring.

Within one breath, he flew to 8000m above sea level, floating in mid air.

“Babata, get the Black Dragon ship out. Right, first initiate the cloaking, don’t get detected by the satellites.” Luo Feng’s thoughts spoke.

“Relax, the number one ship in the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, if it was detected by Earth… that’s what I’d call a big joke!” Babata said, at the same time, beside Luo Feng up high in the sky, a huge black disc shaped ship appeared, its diameter was 100m, on it’s wing, a huge dragon was imprinted.

Luo Feng took a deep breath.

While a diameter of 100m didn’t seem too big, up close, it was still shocking. In comparison, it was even bigger than some high school soccer fields.

“Du!”

The cabin door automatically opened, Luo Feng flew into the laser pathway, then the inner gate also opened.

Within the control room of the Black Dragon ship.

“Luo Feng, demon Babata is at your service!” A crisp clear voice sounded, resounding throughout the control room, and on the screen above the control board, an image of Babata’s head appeared.

Luo Feng let out a laugh: “Let’s depart!”

“Alright.” Babata laughed.

Hum!

A very soft humming sound, within the ship, even for someone of Luo Feng’s level, one could only barely feel a slight vibration. This was definitely much much more comfortable than the normal cars of Earth.

“Do I need to activate the scenic simulator?” Babata asked, “it can simulate from 10% to 100%, no problem.”

“Scenic simulator?” Luo Feng was startled.

“As the ship’s body is entirely made from thick metal, one cannot look out normally with eyes to see the outside, that is why we require the scenic simulator. It’s similar to your Earth’s 3D projectors, however, it’s much more detailed and powerful than that.” Babata explained.

“Activate, 100%.” Luo Feng said directly.

Shua!

The entire control room’s control board, chairs and floor totally vanished.

The surroundings became that of the hazy ozone layer.

“The Black Dragon ship is currently flying within the ozone layer, it’ll quickly, totally leave Earth. It has left!” Babata’s voice resounded throughout the surroundings, with one glance, Luo Feng could see the endless space, the vast space.

Luo Feng turned to look behind him.

A large sky blue planet appeared in his sight.

“Earth!” Luo Feng couldn’t help but hold his breath.

It was extremely, extremely beautiful!

Even though this scene could be seen all over the internet or television, when one personally sat on a ship leaving the Earth and saw this scene, that tremendous and moving scene…permeated all the way to one’s soul.

The sky blue planet was getting smaller and smaller!

The Black Dragon ship and the sky blue planet were slowly getting further away from each other.

“Earth, the Sun.” Luo Feng’s gaze drifted behind Earth. Far away, there was a star that seemed to be on fire, the Sun.

“The ship has already reached 100,000 km per second, it’s currently stabilizing its speed, heading towards Mars.” Babata’s voice sounded.

Luo Feng turned around again, looking in the other direction.

“It’s just like a dream!” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to exclaim.

“Oh, Babata, over there.” Luo Feng pointed to the left, far in the distance, a huge gaseous body covered in ice blocks was floating, the Black Dragon ship easily flew past it.

“That’s what you earthlings call a comet.” Babata said.

Luo Feng surveyed his surroundings.

In the mysterious and endless space, in the distance, once in awhile a planet would appear, even several small asteroids, star dust etc.

“It’s too beautiful.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

“It is indeed very beautiful, however after seeing enough of it, you too would find it dull and uninteresting.” Babata said.

“10% simulation.” Luo Feng said.

Shua!

The surrounding stars suddenly became weak and translucent, as though there was a layer covering them, however, one could still see Earth behind, the Sun, just that they were much weaker than before. And the floor, chairs, control board, lights etc that were in the room all reappeared.

“This 100% simulation, is like one is totally in space, if I didn’t use my spirit energy to check, didn’t use my hands to feel, didn’t sit on the chair and floated, it would be just like the control room didn’t exist.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but compliment it, 100% simulation was absolutely stunning.

“Of course it’s good, the 100% simulation, this is something only the B grade ships or higher have!” Babata said, “If it’s a low level A grade ship, being able to simulate 50% would be extremely good already. Unless one personally installs a good scenic simulator, but that would be a very extravagant luxury to spend on.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to ask, “What’s with the grading of the ships?”

Even with the inherited memories, the Golden Horned Beast’s inherited memories didn’t have anything to do with the humans and their ship grades.

“A grade, can deal with Star Travellers.”

“B grade, can deal with Star levels. C grade, can deal with Universe levels…E grade, can deal with Sector Lords, F grade, can deal with Undying beings.”

“A lot of items are sorted this way by their levels.”

“Just like the laser cannon from before, it was a B6 grade laser cannon. Just like the mother ship we discovered in number 12 archeological ruin, it was a B grade mother ship. Also, this Black Dragon Mountain x81 ship, is a C5 grade ship. Because it’s a C5 grade ship, Universe level warriors would have to expend a lot of energy to destroy it.”

“Also, talking about crystals, power crystals are the same, sorted into A grade, B grade, C grade…the higher the grade of power crystal, the rarer and more expensive.”

Luo Feng nodded.

It was a very simple system, one could understand it from one look. It was very clear, the laser cannon, the power crystals, the ships, they all belonged to which level.

“Babata, what about the list of required metals that I gave you, are those sorted too?” Luo Feng said when he realized.

“Yes.”

“The metal list that Golden Horned Beast requires, can be clearly sorted into five grades. A grade metal, suitable for the Star Traveller level Golden Horned Beast, B grade, for the Star level…E grade, for the Sector Lord Golden Horned Beast.” Babata said.

Luo Feng nodded.

The Golden Horned Beast’s growth, was based on the growth of its internal world, and for its internal world to grow, it required swallowing metal!

Swallowing metal, was sorted into three main components.

First, swallowing some alloys, ship remains etc, or even low-level pure metal ores, their efficiency was the lowest. This was also the slowest method of evolution for the Golden Horned Beast, from the Star level to the Universe level required 100 years.

Second, swallowing special pure metal ores! For example, right now Luo Feng was a Star level 3 Golden Horned Beast, hence he could go swallow B grade metals with almost 100% purity! If Luo Feng reached the Universe level, he would require swallowing C grade metals. This method could double his evolution speed!

From the Star level 1 to the Universe level 1, fifty years would be enough. The only price was the large amounts of appropriate metal ores!

Third, metal groupings; just like how humans ate different types of dishes to ingest different vitamins and nutrients, that was the same logic! Swallowing a mixture of different metals may just create miracles for the internal world’s growth! The evolution speed could be doubled or even sped up to ten times or more.

For a Star level Golden Horned Beast, the most optimum metal grouping… was 325 B grade 100% purity metal ores! Also, these 325 pure metal ores, must be precise in their portions.

That way, with just one swallow!

The evolution multiplier would be raised to 89 times!

“Right now on Earth, there was nothing but normal or crude metal, even what you all call gold is nothing but an A3 grade metal! Even what you all discovered on the moon, that blue gold metal, is but a A6 grade metal.” Babata said, “there are no B grade metals at all.”

Luo Feng nodded.

This was also the reason for the Golden Horned Beast’s swallowing of bases, when it first reached the Star level 1, it couldn’t find any B grade metals, so it randomly ate some normal metal.

Ship remains and metals, these categories of metals had the lowest efficiency, it was no different from eating normal metals, maybe just the volume was a little smaller.

“The Golden Horned Beast’s evolution, relying on the metal groupings, was the fastest way. However, even with normal metals, one could still train. However, the …” Luo Feng was extremely helpless, of the two secret techniques of the Golden Horned Beast he had picked to train… and , the relied on large amounts of training and comprehension.

But the requirements were much more demanding. , allowed the Golden Horned Beast’s physical form to enlarge or shrink! That’s why, its training required the consumption of several metal groupings. After eating them, by relying on the complex groupings, they would be absorbed by the body and therefore change the Golden Horned Beast’s body structure and genetics. As a result, it can control its overall body size!

It could be said…

The main component for the training of relied on the consumption of metal groupings, and it’s direct swallowing straight into the stomach. Not swallowing into the internal world.

The many complex groupings for , was even harder, more complex than the groupings for the evolution of the Golden Horned Beast!

……

“Luo Feng, we’ve almost reached Mars, the ship will begin to decrease its speed.” Babata’s voice sounded.

Luo Feng looked over.

The scenic simulation was at 10%, which allowed Luo Feng to see in the distance a red planet! It was red with a sense of tangerine yellow, appearance wise, it didn’t look better than Earth.

Hu!

The ship swiftly pierced through into Mars’ atmosphere, obviously Mars’ ozone was much thinner than Earth’s.

“Babata, get ready to open the cabin door.”

Luo Feng immediately ran out from the ship’s middle level cabin, while running, the cloud contact vine armor began to extend, quickly covering his entire body, even up to his head, revealing only his eyes.

The black disc-shaped ship slowly descended, while descending, the cabin door opened.

Sou!

A human silhouette flew out, his entire body covered in a red armor, a pair of cold eyes surveyed below.

“Hm? The gravity on Mars is really low.” Luo Feng could feel immediately the difference between Earth’s and Mars’ gravity pull, he immediately adjusted the magnetic field within his body generated from his miniature planets to suit the gravity pull of Mars.

“This is…”

Surveying below him, Luo Feng could immediately see in the vast sand dunes and plains, standing tall far away, what seemed like a degraded enormous building…pyramid! One pyramid, two, three…


Chapter 271: Mineral Resources

Luo Feng was shocked to see the pyramids, while they were degraded on the surface, their overall structures were still almost perfect.

There were a total of nine pyramids, there seemed to be no rule to their arrangement, however their construction was definitely uniform! Together, from a glance, they seemed to form one enormous pyramid!

“Pyramids, and below them are…” Luo Feng was extremely shocked, “Cities, Cities?”

Below the pyramids, was the silhouette of an old city, one could almost see where the transport roads and pathways used to be along with the construction of several buildings. It was clear however, it was abandoned many years ago.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew directly towards it before swiftly descending, landing in the sand filled surface of Mars.

“It’s been abandoned for a very long time.” Luo Feng looked at the crumbling fences and dilapidated walls, all the more filled with surprise and suspicions. “Babata, what’s going on here?”

“Why are you surprised.” Babata said, “It’s a normal occurrence.”

“Normal?”

“Of course it’s normal. This is a starfield, before being governed by its owner, it belonged to the Silverblue Empire’s territory.” Babata said, “And Earth, is but one of two planets with life within a 1000 light year radius!”

“There is another?” Luo Feng was curious.

“The other planet with life, is about 100 light years away from Earth. Even at light speed, it would still require almost 100 years to reach there.” Babata said, “Only by reaching light speed and passing through the universe directly! Can one swiftly reach it.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Earth, as a planet of life, is but a low level planet in the Silverblue Empire, naturally it’s filled with many humans.” Babata said, “It’s original use was…a livestock planet, used to collect and breed powerful different kinds of monsters, selling them out for money after taming them. The population of humans was estimated to be a few million, they were all for raising and taming the livestock.”

Luo Feng knew too.

A planet with life was categorized into; one with a large density of humans living, a holiday sight-seeing planet, livestock planet, forestry planet, agriculture planet, industrial planet, etc. For example, some large powers in the universe would use a whole planet to build a whole industry on.

“Earth’s breeding, had many valuable monsters, it was one of the Silverblue Empire’s more important assets, that’s why it arranged for a interstellar fleet to be stationed there.” Babata said, “Of course, they also relied on the interstellar transport ships to transport large amounts of mining apparatus to the nearby mineral planets to dig and mine.”

Babata said: “Back then, there were a lot of miners here on Mars working. As a result, they built this mining base.”

“Later, the owner of the interstellar fleet was killed in one blow.”

“No interstellar transport ships could come, the miners on Mars couldn’t receive any resources, even if they created their own resources, they couldn’t maintain it for long. That’s why, it’s all gone now.” Babata said.

Luo Feng was shocked.

So that was the story, this was a mining base?

“These pyramids are energy towers.” Babata said, “These type of energy towers, are based on the automaton race’s more low level models of energy sources, their quality-price ratio is higher. With the use of these pyramids, the human races will never catch up to the automaton races.”

“The automaton race is very advanced in their technology.” Babata couldn’t help but say, “The human races have no way to compete with them, for example, humans can only rely on evolution to step into the Undying level, but the machinery races, actually belong to the AI lifeforms, while they don’t have souls, they can still possess the battle ability of the Undying.”

Luo Feng was shocked within.

AI lifeforms, while they have human emotions etc, they were still AIs, without souls. Just like Babata!

The automaton race had no souls, and yet they were capable of producing Undying fighters.

Scientifically speaking, they were indeed very strong.

Hu…hu…

A strong wind blew past, rustling up a large amount of sand.

Luo Feng stood on the ground.

“Babata, scan for minerals.” Luo Feng said.

“Activating mineral scan.”

The Black Dragon ship which was floating in mid air immediately initiated its mineral scan function, a short time passed!

“Luo Feng, Mars has wealthy deposits of Black iron mineral resources.” Babata said.

“Black iron?”

“Right, translated into Chinese, you can call it Black iron.” Babata said, “Black iron, is an A8 grade metal, it’s extremely sturdy, it’s one the best sellers in the universe.”

“No B grade metals?” Luo Feng’s eyebrows creased.

His current self, was a Star level Golden Horned Beast, swallowing B grade metals would have a higher efficiency.

“No!” Babata said excitedly, “But the amount of black iron is large! Within them there should be quite a bit of Black iron essence.”

Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat.

The Black iron was A8 grade, the Black iron spirit would be B8 grade, and the incredibly rare Black iron essence, would be C8 grade!

Just like the Yun Mo Planet ship, almost all of the ship’s body was made from the Hybrid copper essence. This Hybrid copper by itself was a D9 grade metal, the spirit would be a E9 grade and the essence was a F9 grade!

A large Black iron mineral, having one Black iron spirit out of 10,000 normal Black iron would be not bad already. A Black iron essence, out of 10,000 Black iron spirit would be not bad.

The examples are extremely exaggerated!

The Black iron itself is very valuable. The Yun Mo Planet ship which was built mostly from the Hybrid copper essence must have been crazily expensive! One Hybrid copper essence alone would make a Domain Lord go crazy for it. However, the materials needed for the ship’s repair, even in the vast territory of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, couldn’t be found.

“Luo Feng, these nine energy towers have a scan blocking function. They envelop a certain area, making it unable to be scanned.”

“However, below the energy towers, there’s an Iron city. I can barely scan a small portion of the Iron city.” Babata said.

“Iron city?”

Luo Feng was shocked, underground lay an Iron city?”

“However, the few 100m that I’ve scanned doesn’t have any life. Let’s go, follow the left 12 km long tunnel to enter, you’ll be able to reach the underground Iron city.”

Mars’ surface had a particular route, what seemed like a naturally collapsed enormous tunnel with a diameter of a few hundred meters.

Sou!

Luo Feng immediately rushed into the tunnel, heading deeper underground.

“Iron city?” Luo Feng expanded his spirit energy, as a Star Traveller level 6 spirit reader, expanding his spirit energy allowed him to cover more than a 6000m area.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng landed on the ground, in front of him, was a blurry mess of mud and dust, he could barely make out a black metal. Using his spirit energy, Luo Feng had noticed early on…behind all the mud was an enormous city door.

“Number one, push it open.” Luo Feng’s thoughts moved, while he himself floated up and created a big distance between him and the door.

A black metal robot appeared out of thin air.

In strength, Luo Feng couldn’t match up to this black metal robot.

“Rumble…” The black metal robot’s strong arms were fiercely pushing against the enormous metal door, using its strength, the metal door rumbled and slowly opened, large amounts of mud falling from it, dust and sand filled the air.

“Xiu! Xiu Xiu!”

Dazzling beams of white light shot out, almost enveloping the entire metal door’s surroundings. 7 to 8 dazzling beams of light shot straight onto the metal robot’s body, knocking its entire body and slamming it into the tunnel walls, causing a large amount of mud to crumble, Luo Feng was however far away from the collapse.

“Damn, this Iron city is still operating?” Luo Feng was shocked, “The scanning from my spiritual force showed that there isn’t a single person in there; all that’s left is dust.”

“The 9 energy towers are still operating normally, hence the Iron city is still able to operate. Even with the humans all dead, the Iron city’s work and power still hasn’t vanished.” Babata said, “Luo Feng, enter. These kinds of urgently built Iron cities, their defense can’t be that strong. Also right now, the Cloud Contact Vine is a Star Traveller level 9, almost breaking into the Star level.”

Back when Luo Feng was battling the Golden Horned Beast, the Cloud Contact Vine was already a Star Traveller level 7.

When Luo Feng was nurturing his body for a little more than a year before, the Cloud Contact Vine was deep in the ocean and Babata was constantly feeding it Mu Ya Crystals. Before the year was up, it had grown to a Star Traveller level 9. The only thing was that it was trapped at the threshold, not crossing over into the Star level yet. This speed, for such a specially cultivated Cloud Contact Vine, was not at all fast.

“Iron city.” Luo Feng moved in front of the metal robot, flying deep underground into the iron city, resisting a single laser beam and rushing in.

The dark city.

With Luo Feng’s spirit energy scan, he realized the density of clusters of buildings within the city was extremely high.

“Luo Feng, almost the entire city is made from Black iron.” Babata said, “Quickly, follow what I said, first cut off the power supply, preventing some of this Iron city’s important structures from being damaged.”

“Ok.”

Luo Feng was very clear on the importance of cutting off the power supply.

“Left side.”

“Make the curve, right side, yes.” Babata was directing, very quickly bringing Luo Feng to a place where a large amount of metal pipes were densely gathered.

“Use the Hybrid copper essence, cut them, all of them.” Babata said.

Clad in the red Cloud Contact Vine armor, Luo Feng looked at the pipes 100m in front of him, his thoughts moved.

Xiu!

A blood red shard silhouette brushed past the pipes one after another, with Luo Feng being a level 6 Star Traveller spirit reader plus his Star level 3 soul’s strength, a total of 32 strong as steel threads of spirit energy surrounded the Hybrid copper essence shard, “Cha! Cha! Cha!” The ear piercing sound of the iron being slashed reverberated around.

A large amount of sparks flew, “Rumble…” an explosion from the metal beside.

“There’s still 8 more energy towers.” Babata said.

“Babata, lead the way.” Luo Feng swiftly flew.

This was a mineral base.

Since the destruction of the Interstellar Transport ship and the depletion of resources, along with the environmental impact, the miners were forced underground, relying on the large amounts of machinery to quickly build crude constructs for the Iron city. The most abundant material, the Black iron was used for most of the city. After so many years, the energy towers were still running and the city was still functional, it definitely deserved praise.

A few minutes passed.

All of the energy supplies to the Iron city were cut by Luo Feng.

“Haha, it’s settled. Luo Feng, if my guess isn’t wrong, all of the Black Iron essence dug out by the miners later should have been stored carefully somewhere. Let’s begin our excavation, whatever we deem valuable, we’ll take it all.” Babata said.

Luo Feng immediately flew within the underground iron city, and began his big excavation!


Chapter 272: Plunder

Mars, Underground Iron city.

“This underground iron city is pretty huge.” Luo Feng, clad in his blood red armor, used his spirit energy to sweep his surroundings, beginning his search in the ancient underground city.

“Luo Feng, head to the warehouse!” Babata said, “the black iron dug out by the miners back then should all be safely stored in an important warehouse.”

“Ok.”

Luo Feng’s spirit energy expanded to a 6000m area, spreading over several pathways, constructs etc within the underground city. There were words all over these places! The words were in the universe language. With these wordings, within an instant, Luo Feng easily found the most important place in that iron city…the black iron ore and material warehouse!

When Luo Feng descended upon the large warehouse, he couldn’t help but get shocked and cursed quietly as a result.

This was going to be troublesome!

The warehouse in front of him had huge amounts of black iron, almost like a little mountain. It wasn’t just the internal part of the warehouse that was packed full, even the outside courtyard was littered in black iron.

“Haha, back when the miners were trapped on Mars, even with large amounts of black iron they had no way to transport them out. The black iron thus became the least valuable of everything. The entire iron city is made from black iron, of course they would just casually dump it here.” Babata said, “Luo Feng, search carefully, see if you can find any black iron spirits!”

Luo Feng looked at the little mountain in front of him and felt helpless.

Using force to rush in?

How would that work? The A8 grade black iron, just its sturdiness was difficult for a star traveller level 8 fighter to destroy. Luo Feng, using the soaring shuttle, would still find it difficult to break through! Breaking through earth and mud was extremely easy, but using his body to break through a little mountain of black iron? It was just like an ordinary person trying to break through the earth…extremely difficult!

“Collect! Collect! Collect!” Luo Feng’s thoughts moved.

Hu! A large amount of black iron vanished, another pile vanished…

Using the storage space ring, Luo Feng swiftly collected a large amount of the black iron.

“Babata, My storage ring isn’t big enough, help me collect them” Luo Feng said, his own storage ring was only about 600m long, 500m wide, 100m tall. The space, was a little more than 30 million cubic meters, if he cramped everything in, it might still be possible.

However, Babata had his own storage space, why not make use of it!

“Sly Luo Feng! No problem, I’ll take care of it.” Babata said easily.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

He watched with his naked eyes as the mountain of black iron swiftly vanished pile after pile. Within an instant, the outside of the warehouse, including the huge courtyard, which was littered with a little mountain of black iron, was cleared with everything being stored into Babata’s storage space.

“Hm, a total of 1.18 hundred million tons, too little, too little. It can barely build a small interstellar battleship.” Babata said.

Luo Feng laughed, striding towards the warehouse.

With the black iron obstruction out of the way, the appearance of the warehouse was now visible. It was huge and rectangular, it’s big doors shut tight.

“Break!”

Luo Feng stared at the huge thick black iron door, the hybrid copper essence shard became a beam of light and violently slammed into the door, slicing through to the inside.

“It’s really thick.” Luo Feng could clearly feel the big usage of spirit energy. The hybrid copper essence could easily slice through the black iron, but because of the thickness, he still needed to expend quite a bit of spirit energy.

Using half a minute, he finally managed to cut a hole big enough for a person to go through.

Within the warehouse.

The same old method was used, letting Babata store the huge amount of black iron into his storage space.

“Hm, dark red color?” Luo Feng’s attention was brought to the distant little pile of dark red metal, from his huge amount of inherited memories, scanning through the black iron data, he deducted that the metal in front of him was…black iron spirit!

“Finally found it!” Luo Feng was excited.

The golden horned beast’s internal world, currently required swallowing B grade metals for its growth speed to increase!

“Babata, check it out, how much black iron spirits are there?” Luo Feng walked up to the black iron spirits, shua! A liquid silver guard appeared out of thin air, it stared at the black iron spirits, its pupils glowing with light, it was obviously collecting information on the black iron spirits.

“It’s volume is about 35 cubic meters. About a total of 1200 tons.” Babata said.

“Oh?” Luo Feng was about to commend him, “1200 tons? Right now the swallowing beast can swallow about 100 tons of B8 grade metal everyday, which means, this is enough for about 10 days?”

Key information.

If the star level 3 golden horned beast were to swallow the grades of metal from earth, it could swallow up to a 100 million tons of metal! For example the bases, they exceeded 500m long and wide, these enormous iron bases, each one of them was about 10 million tons of metal. When it was at the star level 1, it required swallowing a few bases for it to be full.

Now at the star level 3, it’s capacity has increased, requiring even more swallowing.

A8 grade metal, it required tens of thousands of tons a day. The B8 grade however, close to a hundred tons was about enough.

“Too little, too little.” Luo Feng shook his head.

After collecting all the other black iron from the warehouse, he still didn’t find any more black iron spirit.

“Babata, the black iron spirit here is so little?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask.

“It’s not little, it’s the golden horned beast that swallows too much. 1200 tons too little?” Babata said, “Of the elite bloodlines among the space beasts, everyone of them is extremely powerful! The flame beast swallows stars, you, as a golden horned beast may not swallow stars, but your requirements are still extremely steep. When you reach the sector lord level, you’ll be swallowing E grade metals, swallowing that much…even your teacher, the master of Yun Mo Planet, would go broke from feeding you!”

Luo Feng forced a laugh.

That was right, as he grew, he required higher level metals. Unless Luo Feng was willing to grow at the slowest speed, that would save a lot of money.

However to grow fast, just buying the pure metals would require a large amount of money.

“Let’s continue searching, let’s see if there’s anymore black iron spirits in this iron city!”

……

They plundered the huge area!

The entire city was made of black iron. However, the living quarters and some other places weren’t. Over the long period of time, a lot of them had degraded.

Plundering over the huge area, Luo Feng would occasionally find small pieces of black iron spirits within the degraded living quarters, they were obviously kept by the miners. Each time, the portions would be small, but the amount and quantity added up, it actually added up to more than 1000 tons!

32 minutes later.

“Rumble!”

Luo Feng kicked in a basement door of a dirty and degraded mansion, the dust flew off the door, revealing the door’s original color, dark red.

“A black iron spirit door? If even the door is made from black iron spirit, what else would be in this basement?” Luo Feng was excited, “Collect!” immediately storing the heavy black iron door that was at least a few tons into his storage ring. After, he walked into the basement that had been deserted for more than a 100 000 years.

The basement was extremely huge.

“My god!”

Luo Feng stared, within the enormous basement, large amounts of degraded weapons were neatly organized! What took up the most space was the pile of densely packed dark red metal, in size alone, it far exceeded what Luo Feng had collected from the warehouse before! Also, in the center of the dark red metals, there was one piece of blood red metal!

“Black iron spirits, so many black iron spirits! In the center, is that the black iron essence?” Luo Feng was stunned, “there’s actually more stored here than in the warehouse?”

Babata, hurry and calculate, just how much there is.” Luo Feng said.

Because of the effects from the pyramids, Babata could only use the liquid silver guards, through their eyes, gathering the data and calculating.

“There’s about 12300 tons of black iron spirits, the c8 grade black iron essence, is about 360kg.” Babata said.

“It’s much more than the warehouse.” Luo Feng was very shocked.

The warehouse’s black iron spirits was about 1000 tons in total, there wasn’t any black iron essence at all.

“Luo Feng, I suggest heading over now to the underground iron city main monitoring office, connecting to the control AI system and checking up on the history of this place.” Babata said, “I suspect… this underground iron city, because of the miners being trapped for an extended amount of time, the internal political system may have changed. The black iron spirits and the places they are stored in may have changed too.”

“Alright.” Luo Feng agreed with what Babata said.

5 minutes later.

The black metal robot was working, directly linking into the iron city’s main monitoring system, because it had the support of the energy towers, its monitoring systems were totally functional until the point Luo Feng cut off the power.

Very quickly, they hacked in.

“I’ve found the data.”

“Back then, the master destroyed the interstellar fleet with one move. There were a total of about 3.2 million miners trapped here on Mars. Through the Universe network, they asked for assistance, even offering a reward for their rescue. However, after retreating underground and not receiving any assistance for a long time, the political system began to change!”

“Among the miners, the ratio of men to women was 20:1.”

“It’s just like on earth when the warlords fought for control, these 3.2 million people began an internal conflict. Afterall resources were limited, women were limited, beautiful women were even more limited.”

“A few valuable black iron spirits, and the even more valuable black iron essence, were thus taken and stored by some powerful people in their own homes.”

“However, the resources on Mars were limited, collecting resources and creating food became increasingly difficult. This iron city, did not have the data required for building a universe ship, that’s why they’ve always been researching building ships. Over a few thousand years, they finally painstakingly managed to build 3 small ships, sending some of their elites out from the planet to gather some hope for survival. Then, the remaining thousands of different races of people died in their sleep. This iron city has been maintained for over 3000 years, before it finally perished.” Babata explained.

Luo Feng sighed.

Over 3 million lives, constantly struggling. Mars had such a deficiency in resources and with no replenishment, there was no hope at all.

“Luo Feng, let’s go, I have the map to the leaders and those with power. Their houses are all here, let’s go to all their ‘nests’ and check it out.” Babata said.

“Ok.” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up.

They searched a total of 12 houses, from among them there were 8 ‘nests’ that were totally empty, they were obviously powers that were attacked and eventually failed.

The other 4 places, the rewards were all larger than the warehouse.

Henceforth!

The entire underground iron city, Luo Feng totally cleaned out all of the black iron spirits and black iron essences.

In particular, the total amount of black iron spirits had reached about 33600 tons, the black iron essence had reached about 2.34 tons.

“Over 30 thousand tons of black iron spirits, it’s just about enough for 1 year of swallowing.” Luo Feng stood at the iron city entrance, looking back on the black city, his mind was somewhat troubled. To make the golden horned beast grow faster, the price was extremely huge. “When it reached the universe level, a universe level golden horned beast, its swallowing power would be even crazier. These black iron essence wouldn’t even be enough for 1 day’s worth of swallowing by then!”


Chapter 273: Luo Feng’s Assets

After sweeping through the entire underground iron city, Luo Feng flew out through the entrance.

“Luo Feng, wait a minute.” Babata shouted.

“Why, Babata?” Luo Feng was curious, “Does the iron city still hold more treasures?”

“Stupid! The entire iron city is valuable, not the black iron essence or even the black iron spirits! But…almost the entire city is made from black iron!” Babata couldn’t help but say.

Luo Feng was shocked.

“Luo Feng, haven’t you realized that right now you are extremely poor?” Babata smiled evilly.

“Very poor?”

“Do you have any money? I’m talking about the currency that will allow you to function in the universe, not the money of Earth. Do you have any?” Babata asked.

Luo Feng’s eyebrows creased.

On Earth, money had no meaning for him, however in the vast universe, he was indeed extremely poor. First, he had zero money on hand, second, he had zero money in his universe bank account.

“Your teacher has indeed prepared three back accounts for you, but that’s for when you actually reach the star level, the universe level, and the sector lord level. Only then can you access these accounts.” Babata said, “Before his demise, he made these three accounts through the universe virtual network He also requested that you to personally retrieve them with your own power.”

“While your golden horned beast’s body has reached the star level, however, would you take your golden horned beast’s body to the bank?” Babata asked.

Only after reaching the star level would he be able to accept the first bank account’s treasures!

However, he didn’t dare show his golden horned beast’s body around and his human body wasn’t at a sufficient level yet!

“That’s why, Luo Feng, your current amount of cash is zero, so the bank accounts are as good as nothing.”

“You do have many treasures, the Yun Mo Planet ship alone is a priceless treasure! The black dragon ship too is extremely valuable! However, if you take out the Yun Mo Planet ship now, there’d be no question, even the sector lords will come and fight for it, even the undying fighters will come snatch it! It would be suicide! And the black dragon ship, you need for yourself.

“The cloud contact vine, already recognized it’s owner.”

The soaring shuttle or the arc cutter blade, you require for yourself.”

“The only things that you can sell are, the liquid silver guards and the Mu Ya crystals, power crystals in my possession.” Babata said. “And the Mu Ya crystals, the cloud contact vine requires to grow! The power crystals? The black dragon ship too requires energy maintenance. In the future, we’ll frequently use the black dragon ship and my storage of energy may not even be enough, we’d still need to buy more next time!”

Luo Feng was dumbfounded.

He was a disciple of the Yun Mo Planet, and yet, he was completely broke! Treasures? Black dragon ship, spirit reader weapons, Mu Ya crystals, and energy crystals were all necessities.

“So right now Luo Feng, before your human body reaches the star level, you are very poor.” Babata said helplessly.

“Don’t we have the ship remains?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask.

“Those are remains, deemed as rubbish, even smelting them again would be too troublesome.” Babata said, “How much can they sell for? One Mu Ya crystal alone would be able to exchange for countless remains.”

Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

He who gave no thought to far-flung problems soon found suffering nearby. Luo Feng was very clear that he would venture into the universe in the future. However the metal required for training could only be bought. If he searched for them by himself in the universe, how long would he have to search for? In the vast universe, even the undying beings recognize the worth of money.

Of course, it was the universe’s currency! Not just like Earth’s currency which was limited to just one planet.

How would he function without any money?

Without money, he wouldn’t even be able to open a universe virtual network account.

“Luo Feng, I’ll strike a deal with you!” Babata said, “The energy crystals I have in my storage, if you frequently use the black dragon ship, they’ll be depleted in about 10 years.”

“The Mu Ya crystals, are enough to let you reach the star level 1 along with the cloud contact vine reaching star level 5 or 6. Babata said, “Nothing else. I’ll let you decide how to deal with the energy crystals and the Mu Ya crystals.”

Luo Feng began to consider carefully!

His wealth was separated into three levels.

The highest level: The Yun Mo Planet ship, the undying corpses etc, were sources of extreme wealth! It was pity the moment he took out these treasures, it would be akin to suicide!

The second level: the three bank accounts left behind by his teacher, he required power to retrieve money from them.

The third level: the items he was currently using: the black dragon ship, soaring shuttle, arc cutter blade, liquid silver guards…and the Mu Ya crystals and energy crystals with Babata.

“I can’t bear to, can’t bear to at all.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“That’s why, your largest source of money, has to be this black iron!” Babata shouted excitedly, “These are all black iron materials! Not those worthless remains! The ship remains are the most useless in pricing, but these original materials can be used to build tools, weapons, etc, they are still quite valuable.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Just like Earth’s iron mining and their worth, in the universe, while the number of places to actually acquire and dig out these metals are plenty, there were still costs for these things!

“Black iron, is an A8 grade metal and priced cheaply. However with such a quantity.” Babata shouted, “Back then they specially used an interstellar fleet to transport millions of miners here to dig,”

“Looks like this is my first monetary reward.” Luo Feng looked at the iron city, his gaze burning.

“You are in charge of breaking it down, I’ll be in charge of storing!” Babata shouted.

“No problem!”

……

Rumble…

A rumbling noise rang out from the iron city, under the combination of Luo Feng’s dismantling and Babata’s storing, the efficiency was extremely high. With an area of about 10km, large chunks of black iron material were being stored in Babata’s storage space, some black iron that were aggregated to pillars were also kept.

After roughly eight hours, the entire iron city had vanished, all that was left were some degraded remains.

“Luo Feng, other than those remains, we’ll have collected a total of 92.8 hundred million tons of black iron material.” Babata said excitedly, “Haha, just with these, Luo Feng, you have your first source of capital.”

Luo Feng flew out from underground.

From high above, he surveyed Mars’ surface.

“It’s a pity, there are still many veins of ore underground, but extracting them would be too difficult.” Babata said helplessly, “even with strength, one person cannot possibly extract all of the ores. Unless it’s those kinds of pure metal ores.”

“Don’t be too greedy.” Luo Feng was very clear.

This place, was the hard work of over three million miners along with their machinery.

Earth, China, Jiang Nan headquarter city Yang Zhou city.

In the evening, the red burning sun was slowly setting in the west. A huge black disc-shaped ship was in the air thousands of meters above Yang Zhou. However, none of the countries in the world had noticed this ship. The cabin door opened, a youth wearing simple casual clothing leapt out.

The ship suddenly vanished.

The youth rushed downwards.

“I’m back! How mystical, going to Mars in the morning and returning to Earth in the evening.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but praise out, “Also striking quite a sum of money!”

Over three million miners’ hard labor of digging.

This 92.8 hundred million tons of black iron, was even more valuable than the two tons of black iron essence. After all, the quantity was much more!

“Dad, daddy!”

In the courtyard, two running little children, one of them shouting excitedly. The other also raised his head.

Indeed, their father Luo Feng was flying down from the sky.

“Ping Ping, Little Hai, come, give me a kiss.” Luo Feng knelt down and hugged his two sons, smiling.

“Du, du…”

A car’s horn sounded.

Luo Feng turned to see, Xu Xin was driving her car into the garage, purposely pressing the horn, causing the two children to shout, “Mom, mommy.”

“Dinner will be ready soon, Little Feng, you and Xu Xin have arrived at a good time. What a coincidence.” Gong Xin Lan laughed as she said.

……

Luo Feng led a very comfortable life.

The golden horned beast was deep within the internal world, engaged in the training, the internal world was receiving and absorbing close to 100 tons of black iron spirits everyday.

Two birds with one stone, to Luo Feng, dividing his attention like this was extremely simple!

Just like an undying being, a soul’s functions and operation speed was no weaker than a living AI, every second it was capable of operating on billions of things! Luo Feng’s soul was already at the star level 3, if he divided his attention and controlled multiple things, he could control up to several hundred or thousand items to orbit individually with ease.

Even if he gave every one of them full power, with the consciousness of a star level 3, he could control up to 32 threads of spiritual force! This meant to say, Luo Feng could do up to thirty two things at a time! Every one of them with maximum results!

……

Indeed!

Thirty two!

Back when Luo Feng was at the star traveller 3, his consciousness could control up to nineteen threads of spiritual force! And right now at the star level 3 consciousness, he could do thirty two threads of spiritual force!

Luo Feng frequently sat on the ship leaving Earth, visiting the other planets in the solar system.

No one detected it, after all Luo Feng returned too quickly. Even the furthest planet in the solar system, using the black dragon ship, took a total of the most 2 days to go and return.

……

Earth was in a state of peace.

……

Hong Ning headquarter city.

Year 2062, Spring, in the Dojo of Limits headquarters…within the enormous ship, in one particular spacious room with two separate beds there were large amounts of apparatus beside them, all used to maintain the lives of two powerful warriors.

On the left lay Thunder God clad in a white robe, on the right lay Hong clad in black.

“Head.”

Outside the room, two people were staring in through the glass window, their eyes filled with sadness and pain.

“Ice Mountain, when will the Head awaken?” Allure couldn’t help but ask softly.

“No idea. But I’ll wait, I’ll continue to wait on.” The ice cold man beside said.

“Okay.” Allure gently nodded.

Suddenly, “di…di…di…” an ear piercing warning sound rang from outside.

Rumble!

A group of doctors suddenly rushed in from outside, the two royal guards Allure and Ice Mountain witnessed this scene with their eyes opened wide. The ward door immediately opened, two doctors went in, the rest were stuck outside.

“The mental capacity detector has detected some brain waves.” An old white haired doctor shouted excitedly.

“Both Heads’ have brainwaves, also, they are increasing in strength!” Another doctor shouted excitedly.

The brainwaves displayed on the apparatus.

Both Heads’ brainwaves began to fluctuate, almost as though the two were in contest with each other, one stronger than the other. Both were becoming stronger!

Suddenly, the black clothed Hong’s eyelids fluttered, and after, he slowly opened his eyes.


Chapter 274: Earth’s Three Fighters

Nightfall.

Luo Feng was with his wife Xu Xin, each hugging a child watching television.

“Hm?” Luo Feng picked up the telephone, looking at the number displayed on the phone, shocked.

“What’s wrong?” Xu Xin asked curiously.

“It’s the Head, Hong’s number.” Luo Feng suspiciously creased his eyebrows, ever since the swallowing beast incident, Hong and Thunder God have been in a coma.

Xu Xin too was shocked, “Who dares to use Hong’s phone?”

“Hello.” Luo Feng answered the call.

“Luo Feng!” That resounding energetic voice sounded.

“Head?” Luo Feng was extremely shocked, even Xu Xin who was beside him looked on wide eyed.

Hong has awoken?

After being in a coma for two years, he’s awoken? This was definitely earth shaking news.

“I’ve just awoken, Thunder God has woken up too. I just came to know of the things that have happened since we were comatose. Thanks for saving both of our lives, and also for saving the entire human race.” Hong’s voice was filled with deep happiness, “If you’re free, come over here to Hong Ning headquarter city for a bit.”

“Alright, I’ll head over immediately.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Alright, I’ll be here with Thunder God.” Hong laughed.

Hanging up the phone, Xu Xin couldn’t help but exclaim: “Hong is back up?”

“Thunder God too.” Luo Feng laughed, “I’m going over now for a bit, I’ll probably be back late tonight.”

“Ok.” Xu Xin nodded.

Luo Feng stepped on the soaring shuttle, swiftly leaving the Jiang Nan headquarter city, heading to the Dojo of Limits headquarters with his fastest speed.

……

Dojo of Limits headquarters exterior, filled with battleships, was extremely bustling.

“Investigator Luo.” The guard at the headquarters paid their respects.

Luo Feng swiftly entered the base, under the direction of the base’s personnel, he headed directly towards a particular room.

Within that room were Hong and Thunder God.

“Luo Feng.”

Two men, one in black and one in white, stood up and approached as they saw Luo Feng.

“Haha, Luo Feng, you’ve really made a name for yourself.” Thunder God laughed loudly as he bumped Luo Feng’s chest, “I’ll let this matter go on the account you saved my life, Haha.”

“Second brother’s skin is really thick, don’t lower yourself to his level.” Hong said to Luo Feng, Thunder God stared back: “You…”

“Yep, I can tolerate this kind of behavior, I won’t lower myself that much.” Lou Feng said firmly.

“Damn, you two!”

Thunder God stared angrily, Hong and Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh out loud as they saw this.

“Sit.”

“Let’s all sit.”

Under Hong’s instructions, the three sat down, these three were the three strongest fighters on Earth!

“Luo Feng,” Thunder God wasn’t joking like before, he said seriously, “This incident, after knowing about it from Big Brother, we were really afraid of humanity’s destruction! Thanks.”

“Hm, we shall dispense with the ceremonies, and celebrate with wine.” Hong personally poured three glasses of wine, “Come!”

All three lifted their glasses.

“Cheers!”

They downed their drinks.

“Luo Feng.” Hong laughed, “Your previous actions of dealing with Atkin and those other scum, thank you. If you had left those people to run amok, who knows what else they would have done.”

“Especially my Thunder Dojo! Hmph, Sago Nehru wanted to take the Head position? Hmph, to be shameless enough to lay hands on the families of the heroes who sacrificed themselves for humanity, those kinds of people…really deserved death!” Thunder God couldn’t help but scold, after learning of the news after waking up, he was really enraged.

Luo Feng laughed: “These are small matters, dealing with those black sheep immediately helped stabilize the countries and bring about peace.”

“Let them be used as examples.” Hong nodded.” The matters on Earth are but small, after Thunder God and I woke up, we discussed about it and came to a decision.”

“Decision?” Luo Feng looked suspiciously at Thunder God and Hong.

These two had been in a coma for two years, what decision did they make right after waking up?

“Luo Feng,” Thunder God said seriously, “Hong and I both acquired information and history from the ancient ruins and can even make translation software. You should be able to see that we both know a lot about the universe! In the vast universe, there exist so many, too many strong planets and systems, our milky way is also a part of the Silverblue Empire!”

“Also, for planets like ours without a master, the moment we are discovered, that would be a nightmare!” Thunder God’s expression grew serious.

Hong nodded: “Right, a nightmare! If we are lucky, our Earth may become the territory of a powerful fighter. However, the bigger possibility would be…all of the humans on Earth may become slaves and get sold off, and after, the entire planet may be sold to yet another powerful being.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Regarding this matter, Luo Feng was very clear. Status and position in the universe were differentiated, slavery and other existences, etc. In short, there were countless human races and clans in the universe, everything was based on competition, based on filtering out the strongest! These strongest could attain high status, high ranks and salaries, while the weak would be subjected to pitiful lives.

“The Swallowing Beast may have been powerful, but since it was alone, we could defend against it.” Hong’s expression was extremely serious, “However, the great powers from the universe can easily deploy an interstellar fleet, we wouldn’t even have the power to resist.”

Thunder God nodded: “The only thing we can do is…make ourselves stronger! Only that way can we protect our home!”

Luo Feng’s heart was very heavy.

He knew even more than Hong and Thunder God. In the universe, the fates of several aboriginal planets were extremely tragic! These things had become the norm. In the universe…occasionally these aboriginal planets may have a powerful fighter, able to fight for his planet, protecting his planet’s races and home!

“Luo Feng, I’m sure you don’t want to see Earth meet such a fate do you.” Hong looked at Luo Feng.

“Do you even have to ask?” Luo Feng replied.

“That’s why, Luo Feng, come and train with us in the future. On Earth, not to brag, only me and Hong are geniuses in terms of fighter capabilities. As for a genius in spirit reader capabilities, that’s of course you, Luo Feng!” Thunder God looked at Luo Feng, “The three of us are the strongest in the world, we must be united.”

Hong also looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng laughed, nodding!

“Haha!”

“Hahaha!”

The three laughed together.

The heroes from before all said, the higher one climbed, the lonelier it got! After being invincible, there would be no other comparable warriors, one naturally grew lonely. Just like before when Hong and Thunder God were in their coma, Luo Feng was the invincible being on Earth. Truthfully…during that time, Luo Feng did feel a sense of loneliness.

And for both of them to awaken, Luo Feng was sincerely happy.

Finally he had some companions for the future!

“Luo Feng, from today, you’ll be the third brother!” Hong said happily.

“Little three, little three.” Thunder God laughed weirdly, “The emperor is tired, return to the palace we shall.”

“Little two, hurry up and pour the wine, your master will spare you some change.” Luo Feng joined in on the banter as he looked at Thunder God.

……

The path of training will be very difficult. We will improve much faster when we help and spar with each other.” Hong said.

Thunder God nodded.

“Their comprehension levels are very high, but Earth’s human genetics are really just average.” Babata shouted, “Also, they have no teacher! They are purely just like the blind leading the blind! Without a teacher, without the proper genetics…all they have is comprehension. I can bet! The two of them will take 10 to 20 years to maybe just reach the Star Traveller level 9! However, for the star traveller level 9 to breakthrough to the Star level 1, that’s hard, very hard, very very hard! The minimum would be at least 50 to 60 years.”

“Luo Feng, your internal world is already at the Star level 3, that’s why, your human body can continuously evolve, even though it is limited to your Earth human body’s limitations and slowed down. But it’s still much faster than them.” Babata said.

Luo Feng’s thoughts moved: “Babata, doesn’t our Yun Mo Planet have techniques and skills for fighters? Pass it on to Hong and Thunder God.”

Without a teacher, even with natural talent and genius, the path would still be extremely difficult!

As fellow Earth humans, fellow warriors, the three strongest in the world, Luo Feng hoped for Hong and Thunder God to be able to keep up with his growth.

“How is that possible, those are secrets from the Yun Mo Planet!” Babata denied it, “Divulging the secrets is punishable by death.”

“Our Yun Mo Planet mostly looks for spirit readers.” Luo Feng laughed, “Even the teacher was a spirit reader, the secret techniques he created, like are all for spirit readers. Those fighter secret techniques, are probably just things the teacher collected from others.”

“Well…but they were still painstakingly collected by your teacher.” Babata said, “No divulging, those who are not disciples of Yun Mo are not allowed access to them.”

Luo Feng’s thoughts continued to bounce back and forth with Babata.

However, Babata just stubbornly refused…Luo Feng finally realized, the moment a living AI insists on one thing, there was no way to coax it.

“How about this, accept Hong and Thunder God as Yun Mo disciples, how about that?” Luo Feng asked.

“Huh?” Babata looked wide eyed, nodding, “That’s possible.”

“Hm…”

Luo Feng was stunned, “That was too simple.”

“Accept them as disciples. Luo Feng, hurry up and do it. These are definitely the best potential disciples! Star travellers who have their own domains! Back then I even shed a tear for them when I thought they had fallen, luckily they’ve awoken. This kind of genius, two geniuses, people would fight over them all over the universe.” Babata said, even though the master of Yun Mo Planet was a spirit reader.

However one big power, couldn’t be totally made of spirit readers. Just the undying beings and underlings of the Yun Mo Planet master were mostly made of undying fighters!

In the room.

“What has made you so serious?” Thunder God looked wide eyed at Luo Feng, Hong too listened intently.

“It’s this way, I once inherited a set of secret techniques, among them were spirit reader training methods, and also fighter training methods.” Luo Feng said seriously, beside him, Hong and Thunder God immediately burst out in excitement, Luo Feng continued, “However, the sect I’m in inhibits external divulging of techniques, and I cannot oppose it. That’s why, I would like to ask, if you two would be willing to join my sect and train?

“What organization is it?” Hong asked, “What are the conditions?”

“What sect?” Thunder God too asked, “What kind of rules are there?”

“Right now, there’s only me left in the sect.” Luo Feng said.

“Damn!” Thunder God looked wide eyed, “Why didn’t you say earlier that there’s only you left in. I originally thought joining the sect would make us underlings, cannon fodder! A sect with just you in it, we’d definitely join!”

“Right, join.” Hong too laughed, “Right, what sect is it?”

“This sect is called Yun Mo Planet.” Luo Feng laughed, “In the future when we leave, don’t tell others we are from the Yun Mo Planet sect, afterall, the entire sect was destroyed by an enemy. That’s why, revealing the name would be suicide.”

Thunder God and Hong looked at each other.

The entire sect was destroyed?

That was a good thing!

“That’s a good thing.” Thunder God laughed as he commended, “This means we have no restrictions.”

Hong too smiled.

“Bastards, these two bastards. To not respect the master, they deserved to be punished!” Within the virtual space, Babata raged helplessly.


Chapter 275: Training by Force Feeding

Late night, in the living room.

Hong and Thunder God seemed to be possessed for a bit, both were staring at their wrist communicator’s screen, carefully reading the Yun Mo Fighter manuals that Luo Feng had just sent over.

“My god, so that’s how one uses one’s energy.” Thunder God muttered to himself, “It’s wrong, my seriously pales in comparison to it.”

“So you can actually do it like this!” Hong’s eyes too had lit up, lost deep in reading the secret manuals.

Luo Feng said from the side: “Training the foundation is the most important, if you want the starting speed to be greatly increased. Without it, you will meet barriers later because your foundations are lacking, the Star Traveller level 9 to the star level, the star level to the universe level will become very hard to achieve. Your foundations must be solid! Eh, are you guys even listening?”

This was something Babata ensured Luo Feng said.

“Alright, alright third brother. Even before the Great Nirvana, I was already practicing martial arts. I obviously know the foundations are extremely important.” Thunder God waved his hands, “This secret manuals are seriously too, too impressive. Stop distracting me from reading them.”

“This bastard…” Luo Feng forced a smile.

“It’s indeed an impressive manual.” Hong looked up at Luo Feng, his expression excited, “Luo Feng, this is definitely the most in depth, well versed and clearly explained, even to the point where several things which have to be naturally realized, unable to be explained things have been written very clearly. It’s extremely impressive.”

Luo Feng laughed.

Of course it was impressive, just who did they think it was that provided them these manuals! It was the Yun Mo Planet! Firstly, the Yun Mo Planet master had nine undying beings! Just these nine undying beings alone would have been able to contribute already impressive manuals. Much less the master who had spent so many years collecting such manuals.

Even in the universe, these were top notch manuals!

To the blindly progressing, self-training and creating Hong and Thunder God, the techniques they had created…couldn’t hold a candle to the techniques of the Yun Mo Planet!

For example, force exertions.

expands energy up to a maximum of seven times, the defensive capabilities have no way to keep up with the offensive.

In comparison!

The physical body’s limit for expanding energy is 100 times! Only at this level, can one be said to be using his maximum body’s explosive energy!

Which means to say, the brute force of the average fighter on Earth, were only using about 1% of their physical body’s capabilities, even the highest levels of the uses only up to 7%. To unleash a 100%, meaning one had to hit the theoretical limit…expanding energy up to a 100 times! It was hard, very hard.

Even the sector lords had difficulty doing it!

Just like the one’s brain vigor, it’s just how much one’s mind has been opened. Luo Feng’s previous brain vigor was 22, meaning he was using just 22% of his brain. For the average human being, just reaching 1% was already not bad. To expand one’s mind to 60%, (brain vigor 60), 70%, (brain vigor 70), was as hard as reaching the heavens.

“Haha, you both continue reading. But remember, you can’t pass these to other people.” Luo Feng emphasized.

“When we swore into the Yun Mo Planet sect, didn’t we already take an oath? Relax.” Thunder God laughed, Hong nodded too.

Within the personal virtual space, a blood red castle, within the training room.

Dressed in a black robe, Babata sat on the desk, one hand holding an apple, shooting Luo Feng a glance. “Hey Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God’s comprehension are very high, even without the manuals, they have their own domains. Their force exertions have also reached six to seven times, now with the manuals, there’s going to be a huge leap in improvement in the near future!”

“I know.” Luo Feng held onto the book, reading it without even looking up.

“Damn, don’t you feel any pressure?” Babata’s blood red eyes were opened wide, he revealed his fangs.

“Pa!”

Luo Feng closed the book, looking at Babata: “Say what you want to say.”

“Not interesting at all.” Babata curled his lips, “Very simple, do you remember…when you first came here, what I told you? I’ll give you a hint, it’s in regards to the foundations.”

“Of course I remember, you said…I need to use a total of 50 years to train to the Star level.” Luo Feng laughed, “That’s just to ensure my foundations are solid, if I really forced it and madly rose in levels, without care about the foundations, within three years I would have reached the star level 1! But the price would be that I’d never be able to ever reach the universe level.”

“Right.” Babata raised his head slightly, “However, the times have changed!”

“Hm?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

“From the Star Traveller level 9 to the Star level 1, from the Star level 9 to the Universe level 1, from the Universe level 9 to the Domain Lord one and finally breaking through to the sector Lord level! Every phase, every bottleneck, is a life altering and evolutionary stage. It is extremely extremely difficult.” Babata smiled as he looked at Luo Feng, “That’s why the basics are so crucial, however, things have changed.”

“Changed?” Luo Feng suddenly understood.

“Right now your core, is your internal world!” Babata said, “With the internal world’s growth, your physical body’s growth has no such bottleneck.”

“I know.”

Luo Feng nodded, “The internal world requires swallowing large amounts of metal to grow!”

The internal world was currently a Star level 3, so…Luo Feng’s bodies, the Golden Horned Beast’s body and the human body, both bodies and soul, could reach only reach the Star level 3.

Oppositely, if the internal world were to grow to the Universe level 1, then Luo Feng’s soul and two bodies will have no such bottleneck, they could grow constantly! When that time came, it boiled down to aptitude, if the Golden Horned Beast’s internal world grew, then it’s physical body too would grow. But Luo Feng’s human body, even without the bottle neck, will constantly grow too.

Even though the road was straight, it was still much faster than the Earth human’s natural evolution speed.

“Because your core is in the internal world, as long as the internal world grows, your physical body and soul will not be bottlenecked, or stuck.”

“That’s why, you can totally do the force feeding mad evolution way now.” Babata said. “With the greatest speed, greatest efficiency to increase your body’s strength!”

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up.

The only thing holding his own power back, was his body’s limitations.

“From today, your evolution, will not rely on your internal world’s metal universe properties.” Babata said, “While that universe is not bad, it cannot compare to the Mu Ya crystals, The crystals have a large life force, in aiding the evolution of life, it’s efficiency is extremely high.”

Luo Feng definitely knew.

He personally witnessed a Horde Leader monster evolving into an Emperor Level monster after eating the Mu Ya Crystal.

“Oh, definitely , , must still be trained.” Babata said, “This concerns your battle techniques and control ability.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

Even if his power was strong, he still needed to be able to use them.

“From today, for the battle strategies, we’ll increase your controlling ability training by six times, force feeding and mad training, jumping four times! This way, we can roughly guarantee your battle skills can keep up with your sudden increase in power!” Babata made the decision.

“Ok.”

Luo Feng too was anticipating.

Force feeding to evolve?

Since then, Luo Feng had been consciously training in the Yun Mo Planet’s secret techniques, battle controlling abilities, also the force feeding techniques, all to make his body evolve! As for his other times…he would spar with Hong and Thunder God occasionally, improving on his battle experiences.

……

Year 2062, Burning summer.

The vast pacific ocean, the ocean was sparkling under the rays of light from the sun, it was colorful and gorgeous.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Three human silhouettes broke out from the ocean into the air, laughter was heard: “Luo Feng, you’ve really stolen my limelight this time. Originally, I was prepared to simply use one slash to kill that Thunder Dragon Emperor. You? I hadn’t even flown over when you controlled the soaring shuttle from afar to kill it. The Eight Tentacle Emperor and the Thunder Dragon Emperor were all stolen away by you.”

“Well, who told you to move so slowly.” Luo Feng said in jest.

“Damn, bragging after gaining an advantage! Come, receive my blow.” Thunder God shouted.

Rumble…

The surroundings were filled with roaming electric snakes, and within the domain Thunder God was holding a violet black battle saber, and wrapped around it were more electric snakes, almost like a spirit weapon. And when Thunder God’s body itself moved, a blur of a shadow moved along with it, and the purplish black blade in hand produced a clap of thunder!

“You think I’ll be afraid of you?” Luo Feng laughed.

Thirty two knives immediately flew out, without any regulations, they flew directly to engulf him.

Qiang! Qiang! Qiang!

Blade after blade clashed with the violet black battle saber, almost as though a highly skilled commander was controlling each and every knife, knocking, slashing, parry, surround…various methods, swiftly reducing the strength of the violet black battle saber. Luo Feng just waved his hand and the thirty two knives moved, as though they were on threads, surrounding his body, before increasing in speed, engulfing Thunder God!

“Damn.”

Thunder God felt as though he was fighting thirty two highly skilled opponents, facing their perfectly coordinated attacks.

“Thunder Movement!” Thunder God raged, his expression somewhat malevolent, his veins protruding.

Rumble!

The purplish black blade in his hand exploded loudly and fiercely, becoming an enormous thunder saber, quickly knocking the thirty two knives into disarray, the knives were knocked into all directions.

“We’re playing for real?” Luo Feng stared, his body’s movement became a blur, at the same time he said softly, “Soaring Shuttle Swordfish Formation!”

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Two of the thirty to knives flew towards Luo Feng’s soaring shuttle beneath his feet. The remaining thirty knives distanced themselves from each other, thirty knives floating in mid air, suddenly took the shape of a swordfish, with a mouth, a fish tail, it looked totally lifelike, very strange.

“Chi chi…” the thirty two knives simultaneously glowed with a golden light.

The golden threads linked together.

Immediately becoming a golden swordfish! Just like a fish, it wiggled it’s tail, moving strangely. And it’s mouth was extremely sharp.

“Stop!!!” Thunder God shouted.

“Why are we stopping?” Luo Feng floated in mid air, a golden swordfish floating beside him.

“After getting hit by you the last time, you think I’ll let it happen again?” Thunder God muttered. “It’s disgusting, I’m already a Star Traveller level 9 with my own domain, and I can’t beat you. Big brother is stronger than me, now even the third brother is stronger than me. It’s frustrating, it pisses me off!”

Luo Feng laughed.

Using the secret manuals, Thunder God and Hong have improved by quite a bit.

Thunder God was a level 9 Star Traveller fighter with a one layer domain.

Hong was a level 8 Star Traveller fighter with a two layer domain.

Relying on the force feeding mad growth method, Luo Feng, over the course of half a year had his body grow from a level 3 Star Traveller to a level 5. His spirit reading side too naturally grew by two levels.

Luo Feng was a level 8 Star Traveller Spirit Reader, his brain vigor was at 32, he could already use the technique, the soaring shuttle’s swordfish formation. Using this swordfish formation, he was ahead of Thunder God and comparable to Hong.

The Soaring shuttle had a total of three formations.

The first, being able to control twelve external items.

The second, being able to control thirty external items.

The third, the final formation, required reaching the universe level, having one’s own domain and being able to control forty eight external items.

With Luo Feng’s brain vigor at thirty two, through hard work and training, he finally reached the soaring shuttle’s second formation and made some progress with the swordfish formation. Be it flexibility, power, etc, the second swordfish formation was much stronger than the first Mountain Drill.

It was extremely powerful!

It’s training process too was much more difficult! Unlike the first formation which he succeeded after first attempting it, Luo Feng had met the requirements for the second formation much earlier but was only able to execute it a few days ago.


Chapter 276: Dragon Star

“Second brother, now you know the difference?” Hong joked, “Then hurry up and go train! Be it adding a layer to your domain, or breaking through from the Star Traveller Level 9 to the Star level 1, whichever. Once accomplished, you will be able to surpass me and Luo Feng.

The boundaries were separated into four main levels.

Foundations, Conception, Domain, World, above that, is the Undying Being.

Every level was detailed and tedious.

The domain alone had nine layers.

Several Universe level or Sector Lord level warriors struggled on the nine layers of domain, every layer required a lot more work and had more difficulty.

“From the Star Traveller level 9 to breakthrough to the Star level, the difficulty wasn’t easier than going from level 1 to 9 itself. Not to mention the even more complicated domains.” Thunder God rubbed his chin, “Brother Hong, you’ve always suppressed me, third brother is even more abnormal. At such a young age he’s caught up from far behind, this old face of mine is almost totally worthless now.”

Luo Feng and Hong laughed.

“Hm?” Hong’s tactical communications watch suddenly vibrated, he checked it, “Something came up at the Dojo, let’s disperse for today.”

“The Thunder Dragon Emperor has been killed, let’s go home.” Thunder God waved and flew away immediately.

Luo Feng and Hong too separated, each returning to their homes.

Flying above the continent of China, Luo Feng surveyed below. He saw the degraded and destroyed cities, along with the scavenging and surviving monsters, and several fighters carefully training within the city. Seeing these fighters, Luo Feng felt as though he was looking at his old self.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng.” Babata shouted excitedly.

“What’s the matter, why so happy?” Luo Feng’s thoughts questioned.

“I’ve settled the auxiliary system, from now, the black dragon x81 ship is in perfect condition. I just need one more day to install the auxiliary system in, then…you will be able to take the black dragon ship and travel through the universe, roam about in the vast universe and witness the countless races and clans!” Babata was extremely excited.

It had been too long.

It had been trapped underground for too long, he longed to travel and venture in the universe again.

“We can travel through the universe and roam about in the universe?” Luo Feng was shocked, stopping mid flight, floating in mid air.

“Right right right.” Babata said very excitedly.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but feel hot blood rushing through his veins.

A normal Earthling would be so excited at just the thought of reaching the moon that he or she would probably lose sleep that night. Much less…Luo Feng now had the hopes of travelling and roaming about in the universe, visiting the countless human races in the universe. This feeling of excitement was something that was hard to suppress.

Towards his home planet Earth, he definitely would miss it.

But to occasionally visit the other planets in the universe, was something that was exhilarating.

“Luo Feng! The moment your Earth is discovered by the scout ships or other empires, that would mean trouble. That’s why, you need to quickly enter the universe. Only that way, will you be able to ensure Earth’s future survival.” Babata was thinking of ways to coax Luo Feng to quickly enter the universe to venture.

“Entering the universe, the most important thing is…you need to open an account with the universe network, that way you can enter the universe virtual network and communicate with the countless races.” Babata said.

To a living AI like Babata.

The lure of entering the universe network couldn’t compare to the real feeling of venturing into the universe.

“As long as you can reach a planet, open an account, you can return home right after that.” Babata seemed anxious as he tried to coax him.

“Relax!”

Luo Feng grinned, “I’m definitely going! I’m so anxious I almost want to leave immediately, however I just thought about it…my internal world, probably has about a month or so to transform. When that happens, the power of the Golden Horned beast would increase greatly. It’s better to wait till after the transformation before leaving!”

“One month? Oh, ok.” Babata was somewhat helpless, but he still agreed.

“Universe?”

Luo Feng stood high in the sky above the wilderness, gazing over the vast territory, his mind however had long ventured into the mysterious and vast space.

Within the space in the universe, the milky way’s renowned void district.

Sou!

Maintaining a shocking speed, flying through the milky way, a disc shaped ship was constantly heading towards Earth and closing in.

Within the ship.

Wearing a silver grey battle uniform, a middle aged handsome man stood at the control board. At his side, a fit, tall and sturdy man, with some black facial hair, almost like a black gorilla with a height of about 2.2m stood worried: “Captain, right now the captain’s family and fleet have already reached the void district. When the time comes…won’t there be a struggle within the family for the gains? Leaving only a small reward for the captain?”

“Hmph.”

The handsome middle aged man snorted: “Even though my relationship with my grandfather is rather rigid, he isn’t that kind of person.”

“But this is a life planet.” The black gorilla man said, “Without seeing this planet, we cannot determine its worth. But it is afterall a planet that an invincible fighter used to own, it’s worth is definitely more than a normal life planet. In front of such big rewards, even the closest blood brothers would begin killing each other, captain, you need to be careful.”

The handsome middle aged man looked at the black gorilla man, turning around to survey his other crew, revealing a smile: “Attention all, no matter what, the rewards our squad will gain won’t be small, after all, you are all buddies who been through life and death with me!”

The crew all smiled.

“The moment we reach the life planet, we’ll immediately begin sampling, gathering data. Just doing this would probably take a few days.” The middle aged man said, “When that time comes, I can immediately enter the universe virtual network and look for a buyer! The family definitely won’t be faster than me.”

“Everything is within our hands.” The middle aged man smiled, “The more benefits the family gives me, the more I will return the favor. My dear brothers, our earnings will definitely not be small!”

Immediately, there was cheering and laughter.

“Atuka, how much further do we have before we arrive at the life planet?” The handsome middle aged man asked.

A child’s image appeared on the screen, his clear voice sounded, “Captain, 91 days before we arrive.”

“Very good!”

The handsome middle aged man smiled.

……

A silver grey scout ship was heading towards earth!

The end of September, China country, Jiang Nan headquarter city, in the air 8000m up, a black huge ship floated.

The ship, mid level in the study room.

Luo Feng stood quietly in the room, a wave of his hand, a small pile of dark red metal appeared on the floor surface, this was exactly ninety two tons of black iron spirit metal.

“Ninety two tons! After daily swallowing ninety two tons of black iron spirit, the black iron spirits he had obtained in the winter the year before, were almost gone.” Luo Feng felt stressed, his internal world was just like a bottomless pit, while he didn’t eat much everyday, but he still required daily swallowing, the millions of tons of black iron spirits were almost gone.

A year hadn’t gone by and it was almost all gone.

“Today, is the day of the transformation.” Luo Feng extended his right hand, the space around warped, engulfing ninety two tons of black iron spirit.

Shua!

The black iron spirit vanished.

In the internal world, the surroundings were filled with gold fog, even in the air gold fog was all over.

In mid air, a fierce silhouette stopped suddenly, it was an enormous black scaled Golden Horned Beast, the beast looked at the pile of black iron spirit metal that appeared in the internal world, its huge dark golden pupils had a hint of glee.

“Hu hu…”

The pile of black iron spirit, seemed like it vaporized into a thick golden fog, it’s mass shrinking gradually, the surrounding golden fog got thicker and thicker. In about 5 minutes or so, the ninety two tons of black iron spirit had completely vanished.

“Rumble…”

The internal world had massive tremors.

The golden fog which had engulfed both land and air covered everything, shrouding the entire internal world, a large amount of the fog swiftly solidified, becoming another part of the land, making the land grow bigger and bigger.

An indefinite amount of time passed.

Everything stopped!

The golden fog which had covered everything flowed in the wind, floating to outside the internal world, floating to high up in the air above the land! All that was left some of the golden fog which entered the Golden Horned Beast’s body. The Golden Horned Beast’s body was crackling and growing gradually, until it finally stopped, it’s body had reached a total of 420m!

The area of the internal world had reached 40km! It’s height was 40km, only 40km and above was there golden fog.

……

The black dragon ship, within the study.

“The Golden Horned Beast has reached the Star level 4.” Luo Feng opened his eyes, they had a hint of glee, “Using the black iron spirits may have been a great expense, but the speed was much faster!”

During the growth of his internal world, the first three levels are the fastest. The middle three levels have a greater difficulty and the last three levels are the hardest! Finally the breakthrough from level 9, and entering the new level altogether…the amount of time needed, is the combination of all the levels before.

From Star level 1 to 3, normal evolution, one year is enough.

Level 3 to 6, normal evolution, requires six years (every level requires about two years)!

Level 6 to 9, requires thirty six years (Every level requires about twelve years)!

And from the Star level 9 to the Universe level 1, required more than 50 years!

It was obvious; the final step was the hardest of all! And this is the Golden Horned Beast, if it was other races, the difficulty was hard to imagine.

Night time.

Luo Feng sat in the living room, watching television, accompanying his wife and sons.

“Luo Feng, why aren’t you training today, have you come to accompany me and watch television?” Xu Xin was hugging the smaller son on her lap, smiling.

“I’m keeping you company. Tomorrow I’ll be getting ready to leave and deal with some business. I’ll probably be gone a while this time.” Luo Feng said.

“Deal with business, how long?” Xu Xin couldn’t help but ask.

“Probably about a month.” Luo Feng said.

“That long?” Xu Xin was shocked, right now on Earth, what matter could take up so much of Luo Feng’s time.

Luo Feng clearly remembered what Babata had said to him before.

His destination this time, was 320,000 light years away from Earth, it was a bustling strong planet…the Dragon Star! It was a super planet that was hundreds and thousands of times more bustling than the Silverblue Empire, it was a place for warriors to gather. It was also a place within the universe, where the upper echelons of people with status liked to visit, that kind of place…had a lesser number brutal and uncivilized incidents, a much safer place.

Of course, the prerequisite was money and status! Otherwise, one didn’t even have the right to even enter.

“Dragon Star!” Luo Feng pondered.

“Luo Feng, leaving for a month, where are you going?” Xu Xin couldn’t help but ask.


Chapter 277: Arrival on Dragon Star

His sudden departure caused his wife and parents to question him, which gave Luo Feng quite the headache. Since he didn’t want his family to worry about him, he told them he was going to a secret place to “train”.

Dawn of the second day.

Luo Feng and his family members were eating breakfast. After finishing this meal, Luo Feng had to leave Earth, leave the milky way, and head towards a planet far away from the milky way– Dragon Star.

“Bro!” Luo Hua walked in from outside, “I heard you’re leaving for a month? And you didn’t even tell me. If it wasn’t for mom and dad, I wouldn’t even know”

“I was going to tell you before I left.” said Luo Feng as he drank his porridge.

Nothing he could do!

Luo Feng wasn’t even planning on directly contacting his brother and his two other brothers ‘Hong’ and ‘Thunder God’. Since….. it would be quite a pain to explain. With Luo Feng’s current speed, it wouldn’t even take a day to go around the entire world. So what is he doing for an entire month?

If he says he’s training.

He could trick his family, but he can’t trick Hong and Thunder God.

“Xiao Hai, Ping Ping” Luo Feng held his two children.

“Daddy, kiss” the elder son Luo Ping stretched his little face over and kissed Luo Feng. Xiao Hai on the side also stretched his face out and kissed.

However, his wife Xu Xin, his parents, and his brother were filled with worry.

“Don’t worry, as of now, no location on this planet can threaten me. It’s just that my training this time is really important, so I can’t let anyone distract me. It is also very strict on the type of environment I am in, so I must go out” Luo Feng comforted his family, “Xin, when I’m not here, take care of mom and dad. If Hong or Thunder God call, just tell them I’m training and cannot be disturbed”

“Okay” Xu Xin nodded.

“Then I’m off”

Luo Feng set his two children on the floor and smiled as he headed out.

The whole family, including his two children, walked into the lawn.

“Bye bye daddy”

The two kids yelled crisply.

“Bye” Luo Feng smiled as he waved his hand and slowly hovered into the air.

The family members watched Luo Feng continuously ascend until he disappeared from their field of view.

In the sky.

A gigantic black disc shaped plane appeared. The hatch opened and Luo Feng swiftly flew inside, and then the hatch closed.

After that, it quickly shot towards outer space.

…..

Inside the Black Dragon spaceship, control room.

Luo Feng, who was in a blood red battle uniform set, stood in front of the control display. Demon Babata’s little face appeared on the display. Babata revealed his little fangs with pride as he grinned: “Luo Feng, the spaceship has left Earth”

“Scenic view, 100% simulation” said Luo Feng.

Whoosh!

The entire control room disappeared. Thankfully, he was standing on the floor and could still feel the floor’s existence. His naked eye couldn’t see the floor.

Around him…..

was the vast, infinite space. He turned and looked behind him where the huge blue planet was–earth!

“Babata, leaving Earth for the first time and heading towards another planet with life, I feel like….. I can’t calm down” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to say.

“Just like when you were taking your high school exams, this is called being nervous!” on the display, Babata was chewing on an apple as he snickered, “Not weird at all, since you’re just like a kid from the countryside about to enter an urban city for the first time! Of course you’ll be nervous when going to a powerful, developed planet like Dragon Star from Earth!”

Luo Feng slightly nodded.

However, the important part was….. a place like Dragon Star, according to what Babata said, was over one hundred times more prosperous than the capital of the low level civilized nation ‘Silverblue Empire’! Luo Feng hasn’t even been to the Silverblue Empire before, so how could he not be nervous by going to Dragon Star all of a sudden?

Thankfully, as a spirit reader, his will was extremely powerful and was able to quickly adjust his emotions.

“Babata, the spaceship hasn’t reached the speed of light yet?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to ask.

“If this was the Yun Mo Planet ship, then of course we would accelerate to lightspeed quickly. However, this is just a C5 grade spaceship after all.” on the display, Babata shook his head in disdain, and then snickered, “But of course, a C5 spaceship in the Black Dragon Mountain Empire counts as a high quality spaceship. Some universe level fighters can only pilot spaceships like these”

“The Black Dragon spaceship has decent acceleration. If it was a common spaceship from some starfleet, then the acceleration would be horrendously slow!”

“And some low quality trashy ships accelerate too sharply so that the passengers even have to enter the ‘safety room’. Otherwise, the passengers would lose their lives” said Babata.

Luo Feng suddenly realized.

Exactly, acceleration!

Accelerating to lightspeed. Even if the acceleration is 500 km per second, that’s still 50,000 the force of Earth’s gravity! But he doesn’t feel anything at all in the spaceship.

“This is the good part about high quality spaceships. The spaceship has an automatically adjusting gravity field system where it can maintain the gravity inside the ship at a certain level. The gravity inside the spaceship right now is 1x earth’s gravity” said Babata.

“Yeah”

Luo Feng came to be. He was walking inside the spaceship just like how he walked on earth; there was no difference in the gravity. If Babata didn’t say anything, he wouldn’t have realized it. Now that Babata said it, Luo Feng just realized….. in space, the spaceship was maintaining a gravity level equal to Earth’s, which was quite important.

“Haha, I’ve been on Earth for too long so I’ve gotten used to this level of gravity. I didn’t even realize it” smiled Luo Feng.

“STILL TWELVE MORE SECONDS UNTIL WE REACH THE SPEED OF LIGHT.” yelled Babata.

“10!”

“9!”

On the display, Babata’s little face was extremely serious as he counted down.

“8!”

“7!”

…..

Luo Feng looked outside. His naked eye could no longer discern the planets in space. The surrounding space was all blurry, and slowly started to become black.

“How peculiar” Luo Feng held his breath.

“3…… 2…… 1……!” yelled Babata.

A black spaceship that was already becoming blurry in the vast universe. Suddenly–

Space itself slightly rippled.

The ship disappeared!

It’s not that it ‘disappeared’ to the naked eye because it reached the speed of light, but it actually disappeared from the universe!

BOOM!

Luo Feng felt the spaceship shake a bit. It shook for about 10 seconds. The surroundings were completely dark. Slowly, the ship stabilized.

“Successfully passed through the universe and entered ‘Dark Space’” yelled Babata on the display, “Turning off scenic simulation.”

“Dark space?” Luo Feng was quite curious, “Babata, what does dark space look like?”

“We can’t capture the view around us because the ship is flying at the speed of light” said Babata, “we have to slow down to capture the images. However….. decelerating and accelerating uses up a lot of energy. Luo Feng, I’ll directly simulate a few scenes from dark space for you.”

A display appeared in front of Luo Feng’s eyes.

A brilliant scene appeared on the display. This was a vast area with many bright spots emitting light like fireflies. This was a sea of ‘bright spots’. Other than the beautiful spots of light, there was nothing else in this vast space. Oh….. there were also spaceships! “The coordinates in dark space match the ones in the ‘origin space’ we live in.”

“However, if you travel for a distance of like ’30 light seconds’ in dark space and then pass through back into origin space, you’ll discover that you’ve moved forward by a distance of ’30 light seconds times 10.081 million” said Babata, “The ratio between dark space and origin space is 1: 10.081 million.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

If you fly at the speed of light in dark space for just a year, that’ll simply be one light year. However, if you pass through space and return to origin space, you’ll have covered a distance of 10.081 million light years.

“In origin space, matter cannot pass the speed of light. Once it reaches the speed of light, it’ll pass through space and arrive in dark space. In dark space, you can go past the speed of light” said Babata, “Right now, the spaceship is slowly accelerating. The maximum speed of this Black Dragon ship is 1.5x the speed of light, but keeping our energy reserves in mind, 1.2x the speed of light is just right.” said Babata.

“I estimate that it’ll take almost 10 days to arrive at Dragon Star. Luo Feng, you can use this time to rest well or to train”

…..

The days of flying through dark space were quite boring.

Nine days later.

“Luo Feng, 20 more minutes and we’ll pass through space and arrive at Dragon Star” said Babata.

“Oh yeah, Babata, if you need to reach the speed of light to go from origin space to dark space, how do you return? How do you pass through space from dark space to origin space?” Luo Feng was quite curious. This vast universe was too mysterious. How could people on Earth ever guess what would happen after reaching the speed of light?

As for the theory where time would reverse after reaching the speed of light, Luo Feng never agreed with that.

“If people on Earth see a planet that is one million light years away from Earth, then they are seeing the planet in its state from one million years ago. According to some people, surpassing the speed of light as you fly towards this planet….. means you’ll be able to see the planet go back in time and see the planet how it was before.

But from Luo Feng’s point of view…..

Bullshit!

The planet ‘going back in time’ is simply what our naked eye perceives. In reality, that planet is still becoming older and older!

“Easy, just decelerate, decelerate until you stop! Then, you’ll pass through space and return to origin space” said Babata, “In dark space, motionless objects do not exist”

“Oh?” Luo Feng was quite shocked.

The spaceship slowly decelerated, from 1.2x the speed of light until– it became motionless!

Luo Feng felt the floor beneath his feet shake a bit. The shaking lasted for around 10 seconds until everything calmed down.

“Successfully passed through the universe and returned to origin space” said Babata.

“Scenic simulation, 100%” said Luo Feng.

Whoosh!

Luo Feng immediately saw the vast space. The most unique thing was….. he saw a planet far away that seemed to be shining. This planet seemed to have two natural satellites.

“That planet, is Dragon Star” said Babata, “Luo Feng, after we enter Dragon Star, act according to our plan.”

“Babata, you said we need money to enter the planet, but I don’t have any” said Luo Feng.

No matter how rich he is on Earth, how could the Silver Blue Empire and the Black Dragon Mountain Empire accept the currency used on Earth? Over here, they’re just useless ‘paper drawings’.

“YOU DON’T, BUT I DO” yelled Babata, “However, there’s no point in giving you master’s credit card, since it’s bound by a spiritual mark. However, master did leave some coins behind, the coins that the master brings with him at all times. Sometimes, some physical currency is a bit useful.”

“Coins?” Luo Feng froze.

“Yeah, I looked through the entire storage space and found 932 Ganwu coins” said Babata.

“932 coins?” Luo Feng blinked twice.

So poor.

“These are Ganwu coins, not Black Dragon coins, and definitely not the cheap Silver Blue coins” yelled Babata, “It’s enough for your stay on Dragon Star!”


Chapter 278: My Name is Gao Sheng

“In managed areas, Ganwu currency can be changed to Black Dragon currency, and the Black Dragon currency can be changed to Silverblue currency.” Babata explained. “However conversely…the Silverblue currency, through the government, cannot be changed to Black Dragon currency. The Black Dragon currency too cannot be changed for Ganwu currency.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He understood this logic.

If Earth joined the universe’s big family, with goods coming in from the universe, some of the upper echelons would definitely be interested in buying them. However, using American dollars, Chinese dollars to exchange for universe goods? Would the universe countries be willing?

“Of course, the reverse exchange is possible in the black market.” Babata said.

In conversation.

The black dragon ship had begun to gain speed, heading towards the distant Dragon Star.

Luo Feng stood within the black dragon ship’s control room, before him was the external image simulator, he clearly saw that the ship was nearing Dragon Star. They were almost within the atmosphere, the planet’s atmosphere was really unique, it was easily visible with the naked eye…various colors of gases were flowing about, causing the entire planet to look extremely gorgeous from outside.

“Di!”

“We’ve received the tractor signal.” Babata said, “Luo Feng, the ship will follow the tractor signal to the planet’s docking bay.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He’s also heard from Babata before, reaching a planet, one definitely couldn’t fly his ship around randomly. They had to enter the docking bays! Of course…if one was as powerful as the master of Yun Mo Planet, he/she could force his way in. For high level planets like Dragon Star, only Domain Lords and above could ignore the tractor signals and fly directly in.

Of course, Sector Lords normally still respected Dragon Star’s rules!

Afterall…

The owner of this planet was a Sector Lord himself!

……

The black dragon ship broke through into the atmosphere. Through the external image simulator, Luo Feng could see a large silver city below him, there was an extremely huge docking bay, and within it he could see blurry images of large numbers of ships docked there. There were big and small ships, the small ones were tens of meters long, even to the point of just 10 meters.

The larger ships, normally interstellar transport ships or such, were above tens of thousands of meters.

“We’ve received the signal, we are going to the C grade region! Babata reported from the control board’s screen.

“The A grade region, houses mostly normal ships, battleships etc. The B grade region houses B grade ships, battle ships. The C grade region houses the C grade ships and battleships. Above that is the D grade region.” Babata introduced.

The large docking bay.

It was segregated into several large regions, in the C grade region, every ship and battleship was incomparably valuable.

“Hu!”

The black dragon ship slowly descended, finally landing.

The cabin door opened.

“This planet’s gravity pull is about three times that of Earth’s.” Luo Feng flew out from the cabin door, immediately feeling the difference in the gravity.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng turned to look, a man dressed in a grey uniform, height about 2.8m, 2 horns on his head, green skin, flew over, landing in front of Luo Feng. He was humble and respectful,, with a smile on his face, using fluent universe language he spoke, “Respectable sir, welcome to Dragon Star, your black dragon x81 ship, annual docking fee here is priced at 600 black dragon dollars! Less than a year, we’ll still collect 600 black dragon dollars, this is your docking card.” Following that, with both hands, he handed over a silver translucent card to Luo Feng, on it a C logo was imprinted.

“Luo Feng, remember what I told you before.” Babata had carefully explained in detail about the things one would meet and experience in Dragon Star and how one should react.

“Understood.”

Luo Feng smiled, with a flip of his hand, one coin appeared, and he tossed it over.

“Ganwu currency.” The green skinned man’s eyes lit up.

At the Black Dragon Empire government remittance, 1 Ganwu dollar could exchange for 1000 Black Dragon dollars, however, 1000 Black Dragon dollars was unable to exchange backwards for Ganwu dollars! If one went through the black market…it was possible, however normally, it required over 1000, close to 2000 Black Dragon dollars to exchange for 1 Ganwu dollar. And ordinary citizens didn’t even know where the black market was.

Ganwu dollars, that was mark of status!

“Riding a x81, such a luxury good, owning Ganwu dollars, his status and background must be huge.” The green skinned man was extremely envious.

He, a Star Traveller level 9 fighter.

On Dragon Star, even the most ordinary citizens, if they were able to breakthrough to the star level, their status would immediately be raised. However…even a Star Level warrior, meeting someone who rode a C5 grade pure metal luxury ship, shelling out Ganwu dollars, would feel dejected!

No questions asked!

This must be someone from a big family, or has a large background and status.

“No need for change.” Luo Feng said casually.

“Thank you sir.” The green skinned man was extremely respectful, this sort of large family descendant, could easily command up to tens of thousands of Star Traveller level 9 warriors under him.

At this time…

A ship completely dyed in black and white with an odd design, descended onto the land less than 100m away from Luo Feng. Similarly, another worker in grey uniform flew over, the cabin door had begun opening from when it was descending. A fat and stout, black haired youth flew out, his face had two purple stripes, and his eyes were squinted, making his overall appearance adorable.

His height was similar to Luo Feng’s.

“Wa!”

The fat youth flew out, behind him immediately were four gorilla sized strong looking men.

“Of the four behind, three Star level 3, one Star level 8. The fat youth is a Star Traveller level 3.” Babata immediately informed Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was shocked.

The fat youth actually had four Star level bodyguards, it was extremely vexing! Coming to this place, that was even more bustling and powerful than the Silverblue Empire’s galaxy…Luo Feng had finally witnessed a real member of a big family.

“Damn, damn damn!”

The fat youth flew over to Luo Feng’s black dragon ship, touching its body, eye’s lit, screaming out, “Man, this is an old model from more than a million years ago, the black dragon mountain x81. Those with this ship have all already died! And it’s even made from black yttrium such a luxurious metal, I actually got to see such a ship today!”

“Hi, brother.” The fat youth struggled and rushed over to Luo feng, a face full of smiles, “Your x81 ship, when you don’t want it anymore, how about passing it to me? Ten more years and I’ll be able to afford it.”

“Oh, let me first introduce myself, my name is Gao Sheng Wei Di! Just call me Gao Sheng.” A fluent universe language came out.

“Gao Sheng, this black dragon ship, I had to make various changes and repairs to get it fully up and running again. I can’t bear to sell it now.” Luo Feng followed Babata’s earlier warnings and said casually.

“Oh, an old model from more than a million years ago, after more than million years, much of it would have degraded, repairing it must have been no easier than actually buying a new one. Brother is indeed of the same level as I.” Gao Sheng complemented, “This kind of pure metal luxurious goods, riding it out, that’s what I call class!”

Luo Feng smiled.

Truth be told, the black dragon ship was at the sea bed of Earth within that mothership wreckage and had not been used for over a million years, hence its degradation was light.

“Brother, you still haven’t introduced yourself.” The fat youth laughed happily.

“My name is Luo Feng.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Brother Luo Feng you are on your own? No bodyguards? From here to Dragon City, there’s still a few thousand kilometers of distance. And on Dragon Star, one is only protected within the city. There’s no protection outside the city, on the way over, there might even be robbers.” The fat youth said.

Luo Feng smiled.

Shua!

Beside him, two liquid silver guards wearing black clothing appeared.

“Damn, liquid silver guards?” Gao Sheng nodded his head profusely, “two liquid silver guards, one for protection, another to wrap around the enemy. After they have enlarged themselves, they can easily surround and trap up to a hundred enemies easily. Even if the enemies break free, the other liquid silver guard can come and grab onto them. Two liquid silver guards taking turns, extremely safe.”

Luo Feng laughed.

Back then, the liquid silver guards successfully wrapped themselves around the enormous Golden Horned Beast, as for human races, they would indeed trap up to a hundred in the blink of an eye.

“If brother Luo Feng doesn’t mind, we can go together, with my four bodyguards, no one would dare come stir up trouble.” Gao Shen laughed happily.

“Take his offer, going with him would mean less trouble.” Babata said.

“Let’s go together.” Luo Feng smiled as he nodded.

Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng and Gao Sheng floated up, the 4 bodyguards followed behind.

While rising, the four bodyguards’ armors simultaneously appeared on their bodies, the cloud contact armor also appeared on Luo Feng’s body.

……

The group of six flew in the sky.

“Luo Feng, how much did you spend on buying that black dragon ship?” Gao Sheng couldn’t help but ask, obviously as a ship hobbyist, he was obsessed on that ship.

“Babata?” Luo Feng shouted within his thoughts.

He had no clue how much he should reply.

“Tell him, nine billion Black Dragon dollars, the repairs and changes cost 2 billion Black Dragon dollars.” Babata said.

“That much?” Luo Feng was shocked within.

At the government remittance, 1 Black Dragon dollar could change for 1000 Silverblue dollars, meaning this ship was priced at 9 trillion silver blue dollars.

“It’s not much at all, this is pure black yttrium, the whole ship’s weight is about 2 million tons. Every ton of black yttrium is priced at 3000 Black Dragon dollars, about 3 million Silverblue dollars, just the black yttrium metal alone, would have cost 6 trillion Silverblue dollars.” Babata said, “Luo Feng, don’t use your standards from earth to view the universe! A ton of black yttrium metal is worth 3000 Black Dragon dollars! A ton of B grade black iron spirit, is only worth 9 Black Dragon dollars. A grade black iron, was even more valuable.”

Luo Feng realized.

It was indeed not expensive; a ton of black iron spirit was only 9 dollars. 1 ton of the black yttrium metal was worth 3000 dollars. It was not expensive!

“This is pure metal, if it was alloys then it’d be cheaper, after all, alloys were sturdier, their efficiency was higher. The same C5 grade ship, using alloys, would only be 10% of the price, maybe even lesser! So…using pure metals to build a ship, was classified as a luxurious thing to do. Just like on Earth, you people use gold to build cars and stuff.”

Luo Feng secretly sighed.

No wonder Gao Sheng was so shocked…the pure metal was indeed luxurious.

One had to be extremely wealthy, not to be messed with!

“This Black Dragon ship, back then I spent 9 billion Black Dragon dollars to buy, the repairs and upgrades took about 2 billion.” Luo Feng said.

“Wu!”

Gao Sheng nodded, “Brother you’ve earned a little, this kind of old models, are extremely hard to get nowadays. In another 10 years, my dad promised to move an entire planet under my name. The planet has 11 billion people, a rough estimate, if every person can earn me 100 Kalor dollars a year, which is 0.06 Black Dragon dollars, then a year’s worth of income would be more than 600 million Black Dragon dollars. 20 billion dollars from a single planet isn’t hard to get.”

Luo Feng smiled, but he was shocked in his heart.

My god?

A whole planet shifted to under his name? 11 billion people to earn money for him?

Luo Feng finally understood, the difference between the extremely wealthy people of earth compared to the extremely wealthy of the universe. Wealth of earth equated to maybe a few houses and land. The extremely wealthy on earth talked about buying entire planets! Extremely wealthy!

At the same time, Luo Feng understood…

The owner of the black dragon ship that was under the sea on Earth was a man of prominence and background! He had no choice when he was swiped down by the master of the Yun Mo Planet, destroying the entire interstellar fleet and killing everyone! Within an area of 1000 light years, the star field around earth was all owned by the master, even one of such stature as the dead owner of the ship… obviously couldn’t and wouldn’t dare deal with an undying being.

That’s why, he died in silence.


Chapter 279: Citizens of the Empire

“It’s so beautiful.”

Luo Feng looked up at the sky, up above, it seemed as though there was a purple gauze covering the sky. And in the distance, it had become blue!

“The color of Dragon Star’s sky is indeed special.” Gao Sheng laughed as he complimented, “Some of the regions have blue skies, others are purple, or green, or red, etc, and they frequently change too! Especially when the sun shines through that layer of gases and onto the ocean, that’s extremely beautiful!”

“Dragon Star, because of it’s beauty, has enticed many powerful warriors to live here, gradually, it became increasingly bustling.” Gao Sheng praised.

Among this group of people, the slowest flyer was Gao Sheng.

However, Gao Sheng was riding on a sleek bizarre looking board, his speed could also reach up to 2000m per second. During their conversation, they had easily flown over hundreds of kilometers.

“Wow.” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up, looking at the distant city.

This was a beautifully built city, similar to one of Earth’s.

“Brother Luo Feng, you seem to envy that place?” Haha, that is a living quarters that’s considered extravagant even on Dragon Star, it is a castle with an area of 9.8km. To be able to afford such a place to live, one must be of extreme wealth and status.” Gao Sheng’s eyes were lit, “Damn, I don’t know when I’d be able to afford this.”

“Castle?” Luo Feng was stunned within.

“Luo Feng, that’s real estate, extravagant real estate. They are similar to Earth’s villas.” Babata said, “The universe is vast, there are countless planets, hence the upper echelons of people in the universe are used to living in extremely huge places! Just like your teacher, an entire planet was what he used to live in. For a bustling city such as Dragon Star, the land is more expensive, that’s why, an area of 9.8km for a castle is considered pretty extravagant already. If it were a normal planet, it wouldn’t even be considered much.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but silently curse.

This isn’t even on the same level anymore!

Just a living space, and it’s a castle with an area of 9.8km!

Hm?

While Luo Feng was flying, he spotted another castle in the distance, and another after.

With the beautiful weather and the scenic views of Dragon Star, having one’s own castle was indeed luxurious.

……

After flying for another 10 minutes.

Luo Feng surveyed below, he spotted a more densely built district, with ‘little castles’ filling up the place.

“This is Dragon Star’s cheapest living quarters district, these have an area of 1km. If it were our Kalor Empire, even on the main planet, a place like this would go for a billion Black Dragon dollars, and that’s pretty impressive.” Gao Sheng cursed under his breath, “but here on Dragon Star, this cheapest little place, is also worth more than a billion Black Dragon dollars!”

Luo Feng blinked hard.

Over a billion Black Dragon dollars?”

“Luo Feng, do you own any property here?” Gao Sheng asked.

“No, I’m still too young.” Luo Feng said.

“Right, me too.” Gao Sheng nodded, “My father has been strictly controlling my allowance, even only giving me my own planet only after 10 years, after my coming of age ceremony.” Gao Sheng seemed dissatisfied, “otherwise I too will be able to buy such a place here on Dragon Star, relaxing and enjoying my stay here. Then, I’ll be a resident of Dragon Star! On Dragon Star, that would be living it!”

Luo Feng nodded.

Before arriving here, Babata had told him. The moment one becomes a citizen of Dragon Star, one would get special privileges!

However…

According to the price of the property here, to be able to just buy the small piece of land or even the more expensive castles, only the royalty of the higher level countries in the universe or some heirs from the big families could afford it. The most basic would be those who owned their own planets, the leaders of these groups.

Even if one owned one planet, they may or may not be able to buy a piece of property here.

……

After flying for half an hour.

Luo Feng finally spotted an enormous city, the entire city walls were black as ink. They seemed to extend forever out of sight, one glance wasn’t enough to their ends! And above the walls, there was a transparent glass sort of decoration, exquisite and beautiful glass dragons occupied the top.

When Luo Feng drew closer, he realized even on the black as ink walls, there were complex engravings, they were carvings of single horned dragons.

“What a big city.” Luo Feng and Gao Sheng descended, raising their heads to look at the huge wall, hearts racing.

Just the black wall’s height alone was 120m, including the huge glass dragon statues above the wall, that alone was a few 100 meters. Also…The entire city, stretched far beyond what one could see. This kind of vastness, ancient flavor, shook one to the core.

“Dragon City, has an area of 6000 km, this city’s history is already more than 3 million years old.” Gao Sheng commented.

“It’s exactly what Babata told me.”

Luo Feng realized…

Even though Babata had been on Earth for 50 thousand years, but, even after all that time, the changes in the universe were very very small! Be it science, empires, groups, etc, nothing major had changed. Obviously to existences like empires that have been around for hundreds and millions of years, 50 thousand years was no big difference.

The enormous city doors were close to 1 km wide.

People were weaving in and out.

Luo Feng, Gao Sheng and the others stepped into through the doors.

“We’ve received the signal, Luo Feng, in the Dragon City, your communication number is 19287342325.” Babata said.

The communication number, was similar to that of a phone number.

No matter how advanced one’s communication system was, they couldn’t communicate past that of a few light years of distance. Hence, several civilized planets naturally gave every visitor with AI aids and communication numbers. On this planet, one could then use these numbers and devices to communicate.

And when on different planets, the only way to communicate was one…entering the virtual universe network and chatting within there.

“Luo Feng, what’s your communication number?” Gao Sheng looked towards Luo Feng, “Mine is 19287342463.”

“Mine is 19287342325.” Luo Feng answered.

“Alright.” Gao Sheng laughed, “The first thing I need to do in this city is to visit a few elders. Let’s separate here. When night comes, I’ll inform you then. I’ll act as a host and we can eat dinner together.” Gao Sheng was influenced by his father’s upbringing, he enjoyed making new friends and treating them well, a new friend meant new possibilities.”

From his point of view, Luo Feng seemed like one of status and background.

“Alright, then let’s separate here.” Luo Feng smiled.

……

After Gao Sheng and his bodyguards had left, Luo Feng began to walk about in the extremely huge city, basking in it’s magnificence.

The surrounding constructs, had their own unique styles.

Several constructs were so beautiful they made people’s hearts race.

“It’s too interesting.”

“Three eyes, oh, this person’s mouth and teeth are too interesting.” Luo Feng was walking along the district, the many people travelling back and forth. At the same time, about a 100 meters above in the air, there was a large number of people flying and rushing. Saying ‘people’, but each and everyone of their appearances were strange. Within a short 5 minutes, Luo Feng had witnessed among the ‘people’ the tallest going close to 10m, and the shortest close to that of an infant from Earth.

Their skin colors were also strange.

Even to the point where there were some with their heads long and weird looking.

However, most of them still had two eyes, a nose and mouth. Only their faces, be it more facial hair or had strange stripes etc.

“That man, is oddly similar to the ancient stories of Buddha, his entire body is gold, his hair is even more interesting.”

Luo Feng felt like a grandmother entering a scenic garden, he couldn’t get enough of the sights.

“Star Traveller level 6, Star Traveller level 9, Star level 3, Star Traveller level 1, Star level 5…” Luo Feng, relying on Babata, realized many of these people had power. On the streets of Dragon Star, blurred images of endless people moving, almost everyone was at least a Star Traveller, there were even many Star levels.

Randomly picking any and throwing him onto Earth, he or she would be an existence surpassing the wargod level.”

Just looking around, one could easily spot warriors stronger than Earth’s strongest, Hong and Thunder God.

“Luo Feng, I’ve already dialed through to the planet’s support service and asked, the Black Dragon Mountain Empire administrative office here is about 200 or more kilometers away from where we are now.” Babata said, “According to our plan, the first thing we should do here is…join the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, acquiring the citizenship.”

“Let’s go.”

Luo Feng immediately floated up, up to about a 100m away from the ground. The flying people were all flying at this height.

……

“Star level 7, 8, 9. I’ve seen a bunch. How come I haven’t seen one Universe level?” Luo Feng asked.

“Star levels are already considered people with status. On smaller planets, they are hardly seen. However on Dragon Star, this sort of bustling planet, the Star levels are more commonly spotted. As for the Universe levels…out of the entire Silverblue empire there are only so few? There’s definitely a few here on this planet, however spotting them would require quite a bit of luck.”

During the conversation.

Luo Feng spotted an enormous black dragon engraving construct occupying a large mountain!

This, was the Black Dragon Mountain Empire’s station of affairs on Dragon Star.

At the entrance of the huge building, there were two bronze skinned strong sturdy guards with heights up to 6m.

“Oh? Liquid silver guards!”

“They’re really liquid silver guards.”

The two huge guards immediately stood at attention, wide smiles on their faces, as Luo Feng walked to the entrance, they even enthusiastically opened the door for him: “Sir, please enter.”

“Babata’s words were indeed true, in the universe, power, status and position are very important.” Luo Feng smiled as he walked in to the large hall, behind him were the two liquid silver guards dressed in black uniforms. He glanced at the layout of the hall and it’s several levels, before quickly finding the level that he needed to head to.

“Level 32?” Luo Feng immediately stepped into the round sofa beside, sitting down, the liquid silver guards stood by his side. At that time, Luo Feng said: “32!”

Di!

The tray below the round sofa began to emit a white light.

Sou!

It immediately rushed upwards, Without a trace of swaying, it came to a stop, it had already reached the 32nd level.

“Sir, how do you do?” A lady with rabbit ears, beautiful like the spirits in stories, gently bowed and smiled, “How can I help you today?”

“I would like to apply to become a Black Dragon Mountain Empire national.” Luo Feng smiled.

Having a citizenship was necessary for doing many things in the universe.

Luckily he had Babata’s directions, Luo Feng could very easily and smoothly accomplish many things. If it were Hong or Thunder God, blindly entering into another planet, he was afraid they wouldn’t know anything at all.

“Nationality?” The lady seemed shocked.

At this age, who didn’t have a nationality?


Chapter 280: The Five Great Leviathans

“Sir, please head towards your left, the second innermost room.” said the receptionist lady.

“Thanks!”

Luo Feng smiled as he turned to walk with the two liquid silver guards following behind him. The eyes of the lady lit up, she thought: “He actually said thanks to a receptionist such as myself, wow, now this is really the upbringing of a big family with proper manners. Even though he has two liquid silver guards, he isn’t prideful at all!”

……

Luo Feng surveyed the room door, on it were some words.

“Knock, knock, knock.” Luo Feng knocked on the door.

“Please enter.” From within, a strong voice resounded.

Luo Feng pushed open the door and entered, it was a spacious room within. There were two workers, black skinned and very thin, their pupils blood red. One of the two casually lifted his head to take a glance. However, after spotting the two liquid silver guards behind Luo Feng, an enthusiastic smile immediately appeared on his face: “Sir, what can we do to help you?”

“I would like to join the Black Dragon Mountain Empire.” Luo Feng smiled.

The low leveled civilizations of the universe had the weakest nationality.

And the middle leveled civilizations like the Black Dragon Mountain Empire weren’t too bad. At least when he was still weak, Luo Feng had no intentions of leaving the Black Dragon Mountain Empire’s star field boundaries. Once he becomes a Universe level fighter or even greater, it doesn’t really matter what his nationality is.

“Oh, what nationality did you have before? Is there any reason for dropping the previous one?” One of the black man with red eyes smiled.

“I didn’t have any.” Luo Feng said.

“No nationality?”

The back man with red pupils seemed slightly shocked, carefully examining Luo Feng with both eyes, looking once again at the two liquid silver guards behind him.

Ordinary folk from any planet, are unable to acquire a citizenship until they reach the star traveller level. To acquire one, the conditions are…one has to reach the Star Traveller level. This was also the reason why during the calamity on Earth, Luo Feng said that even if they left earth, his wife and children would have to live on the ship for decades, since they had to reach the Star Traveller level to be able to enter other planets.

Without a citizenship, the empire won’t protect you when you enter certain planets.

For normal people who reach the Star Traveller level, the first thing they do is register for a nationality!

However…

The man before them, has two liquid silver guards as bodyguards. Could someone like this be a normal person?

“He’s probably an elite trained by some big organization and just entered the universe.” The black men with the red pupils thought.

“Sir, please stand here and stay still.” The black man smiled.

“Alright.” Luo Feng was very clear on what they were doing.

The black man with red pupils pushed a button on a machine in his hand, beep, a dreamy light shone on Luo Feng.

“Di di!”

The machine made several noises, the black man with red pupils lowered his head to look at the screen, on it were universe language words… “No prior information.”

“Since you’ve never actually joined any other nation, we can bypass many steps and directly begin.” The black man with the red pupils smiled, “Sir, you just need to pay the administrative fees of 50 Black Dragon dollars, and everything will be settled.”

“On Dragon Star, a lot of places use Black Dragon dollars huh.” Luo Feng flipped his hand and tossed out 1 Ganwu dollar, “Help me convert it”.

“Ganwu dollar.”

The black man with red pupils was secretly delighted, swiftly retrieving from his pocket thin delicate special currency notes, a small stack of notes passed on to Luo Feng, “Sir, this is 950 Black Dragon dollars.” At the same time, he placed the Ganwu dollar into his pocket, retrieving from the same pocket 50 Black Dragon dollars and placing them into the deposit section of machine beside, allowing it to swallow the money in.

“Haha, Big brother, you are treating tonight.” Beside him, the other black man with slightly bigger eyes shouted out.

“No problem.” The black man with red pupils was extremely happy, smiling enthusiastically at Luo Feng, “Sir, please follow me, I’ll help you settle all the paperwork. It’ll be very quick.”

These type of people working within the government office had many connections.

To change a Ganwu dollar to Black Dragon dollars, the total exchange would be 1.45k, meaning, just exchanging it would mean he would have made a few hundred black dragon dollars (several hundreds of thousands of Silverblue dollars)! Even if he had a good job, this was still about one or two months of extra pay.

After about 20 minutes, Luo Feng had acquired his identification card, from then on, Luo Feng was officially a citizen of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, leaving his name and information in their records.

“This card’s material is interesting.” Luo Feng complimented.

“This card material is extremely durable and sturdy. On Earth, the basic level wargod has to use his full strength before he can actually tear it. This material, usually lasts two to three thousand years, only after that will it begin degrading.” Babata explained.

“Oh.” Luo Feng nodded.

Luo Feng was in a good mood.

With the Black Dragon Mountain Empire citizenship, he could do a lot more things. As once said…The path is harder for one without an identity.

“Babata, where do we go to open an account for the Virtual Universe Network?” Luo Feng was highly anticipating this.

Virtual Universe Network!

Just from the name itself, within that Virtual Universe Network, all of the human races from the universe gathered, the Ganwu universe, and other universe countries, their population all frequented the virtual network. If one were to count numbers…indeed, it would be uncountable! It was just too many, too much!

“It’s about 100km away from here.” Babata began to explain the route in detail.

Luo Feng floated into the sky.

The entire air space within the Dragon City, was vast and spacious, thus traffic wasn’t too dense. Luo Feng also managed to maintain a rather fast speed.

“Babata, just how does the Virtual Universe Network work, it can actually work from wherever in the universe, communicating through the network?” Luo Feng was very shocked and curious by it, the universe was vast beyond compare, even travelling between universes, there were some places that required hundreds to thousands of sub universe travel.

However, this Virtual Universe Network, is actually capable of letting people meet and communicate.

What technology is it?

Just what technology does this network use?

“This is something even I don’t know.” Babata said, “This type of technology, even the Ganwu Empire has yet to grasp, only the Virtual Universe Network company owns it! Within the big empires within the universe, they all have a department from the Virtual Universe Network company.”

“This company must be really awesome.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

His own teacher, the Yun Mo Planet master ‘Hu Yan Bo’ may have gotten respects from the Ganwu empire, but against a universe country, this sort of enormously huge presence of a high level civilization, even Hu Yan Bo couldn’t casually go up against them! Rather…the various large universe countries have been unable to grasp the technology that the Virtual Universe network company has.

It’s no wonder the company has survived so well!

“That’s a given!”

“Luo Feng, even though the Ganwu Empire, and the other universe countries are all high level civilizations within the universe, and their powers and presences are extremely huge, in the universe…the biggest and strongest are hardly the countries.” Babata said, “These are actually the seemingly disordered, but actually much more powerful entities around.”

“What powers?” Luo Feng was curious.

“The Universe Galaxy Bank, the Universe First Bank, the Battle-axe Coliseum, the Universe Mercenary Alliance, the Universe Virtual Network company. These are the universe’s five Great Leviathans!” Babata said, “They have absolute monopoly and position.”

“The two big banks do business with only the wealthy, even the undying beings mostly store their money and treasures with them.” Babata said, “Your teacher’s treasures are stored in the Universe Galaxy Bank, all three accounts are within that bank.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“The Big Axe Battle Ground, is the most fair battle ground. As for how huge and powerful it is, you’ll find out in the future.”

“The Universe Mercenary Alliance, is a loose organization. More than 99% of fighters, spirit readers will join the alliance! Your teacher, back then was also a part of it.” This in particular shocked Luo Feng, more than 99% of fighters and spirit readers will join? This, this, who could fight that?

Luckily, it was a loose organization.

“The Universe Virtual Network company, the virtual universe has already been named as man’s ‘Second World’. Owning this company, the various big universe countries are all unable to shake or even touch it, how strong do you think it is?” Babata exclaimed.

Luo Feng understood.

In the universe, universe countries like the Ganwu Empire and some others were already the strongest country wise.

However, those organizations that were deep rooted into every country, they were the real strongest.

“Other than the Five Great Leviathans, below that are the universe countries. Of course, there are some secret powers that are comparable to them,” Babata said, “Of course, in the Ganwu Empire range, it is still very powerful, the most they’d have to do is pay some respects to the Five Great Leviathans.”

Luo Feng nodded.

In the vast universe, looking at it now, his own teacher was powerful back then, however…it was obvious he couldn’t even pick a fight with the Ganwu Empire, much less the Five Great Leviathans.

……

Dragon City, Virtual Universe Network company.

“Sir, how can I help you today?” A beautiful lady with a furry tail, dressed in red bowed slightly and smiled.

“Open an account.” Luo Feng said directly.

“Opening an account, how much will you pay upfront for the amount of usage? There are three categories to choose from, namely 100 years, 1000 years, and 10000 years. Every year, the price for the network usage is 10 Black Dragon dollars or 0.008 Ganwu dollars.” The service lady said very fluidly.

Luo Feng listened.

That’s crazy!

10 Black Dragon dollars? That equates to tens of thousands of Silverblue dollars. Only the very few elites on the planet could afford it, and those that use it are normally Star Traveller and above.

“You have the consciousness transmitting helmet here right.” Luo Feng said.

On Earth, the humans built their own helmets but they are unable to enter the Universe Virtual Network. However for a living AI such as Babata, it was simple for him to enter.

“The consciousness transmitter helmet, one is 10 Black Dragon dollars.” The service lady’s eye’s seemed a little shocked, right now, those with status use auxiliary rays, or the even high level AI rays, who would still use the primitive consciousness transmitter helmets.

“They don’t trace the owner and his account?” Luo Feng asked.

In the universe, a few planet owners bought several consciousness transmitting helmets to give to their planet’s inhabitants. Most of them do not track the accounts. However, those that do not track… usually only work for about a 100 years. When the time expires, one would have to buy a new account.

This form of untracking, made it impossible to determine who the user was.

Meaning to say, everybody uses them, for the time limit of a 100 years.

“The untracking account has a limit of a set 100 years, every account is priced at 2000 Black Dragon dollars, or 1.6 Ganwu dollars.” The service lady smiled.

“Very well.”

Luo Feng nodded, “I require 10 untracking accounts, and 10 consciousness transmitting helmets. Open the accounts…the 100 years will suffice.”


Chapter 281: Virtual Universe

Having a Black Dragon Mountain Empire citizenship made opening the account easy.

After paying 17 Ganwu dollars, everything was settled.

“Sir, 10 untraceable accounts along with 10 consciousness sensor helmets, this is your change, thanks for your purchase.” The service lady smiled. Luo Feng casually placed the 10 helmets into his storage ring space, following Babata’s instructions from before…it was okay from him to reveal his storage ring on Dragon Star

However, he had to pretend as though his storage space was only 10m wide and tall. He should absolutely never try storing anything bigger than that in it.

Afterall…

Storage space equipment was categorized into levels. To be able to ride a black dragon ship, with liquid silver guards as bodyguards, having a small storage space was normal. Of course, Luo Feng’s storage space which was more than 600m long, 500m wide and over 100m tall, that was definitely an extravagant item, if discovered, he could easily lose his life.

On Luo Feng, the Yun Mo Planet ship, the corpses of the Undying Beings and their weapons were invaluable treasures, the hybrid copper essence shard and the storage ring were extremely expensive.

And even the little leg hairs on the master of Yun Mo Planet were stronger than Dragon Star’s Domain Lord leader!

However, for Luo Feng, the disciple of the Yun Mo Planet, if he ever dared to reveal his treasures, the consequences would be fatal.

Dragon City, within a relaxed restaurant, while the style of the restaurant was unique, there were many things similar to those on Earth.

Even on different planets, humans still had many similarities. For example, respect for privacy, gaining respect, etc, the older restaurants on Earth had private rooms, even the newer urban restaurants had private rooms! And this incredibly advanced place on Dragon Star, had the similarly high level private room.

Of course…the price was on another level.

“Alright, you can leave.” Luo Feng ordered a glass of special fruit juice, asking the waiter to leave.

“Sir, if you need anything, just press the button.” The waiter smiled as he left, closing the door behind him.

Ka!

Luo Feng immediately closed the door from within the private room, ordering both liquid silver guards to protect him.

“Babata, enter the virtual universe.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Haha, I’ve long been awaiting this day.” Babata was extremely excited, wanting to enter ever since they opened the account. However once he entered the network, his consciousness would be in the network itself. While he was able to multitask, he didn’t have the ability to split his consciousness. Hence he needed to find a safe spot.

“Virtual universe accessing…”

A low-pitched loud voice resounded within his consciousness.

Luo Feng’s consciousness went all black.

……

This was an ancient city, on the streets were huge chunks of carved up rocks everywhere, the people of the streets looked peculiar, different heights, different races. Most of them however were dressed in simple grey clothes, and on all their shoulders was a little spirit.

Shua!

A man suddenly appeared amidst everyone on the street, it was Luo Feng. He was wearing simple grey clothes, on his shoulder sat a little spirit the size of a fist, the demon Babata, he too was wearing the same clothing, only green. He looked adorable, like a little spirit.

“This, this is the Virtual Universe Network?”

Luo Feng stood in the streets, looking at the traffic as it passed by, stunned.

“Of course.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng, “We are currently in the Ganwu continent of the virtual universe, on the border, a little island of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire.”

“Island?” Luo Feng blinked his eyes.

“All of those under the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, when entered into the Virtual Universe Network, will appear on Black Dragon Mountain Island.” Babata explained, “Even though in name it’s an island, but the star field of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire has over 8000 galaxies, and countless planets have large numbers of humans online. That’s why, the appearance of this island, is actually larger than any of the planets in the universe.”

Luo Feng was dumbfounded.

“Anyone who enters the virtual universe will have an assistant.” Babata said, “Which is the little spirit on everyone’s shoulders.”

“The assistant’s intellect level, is directly linked to the online person’s usage of the consciousness sensor helmet, the quantum computer, AI, or the living AI. The little spirit for the helmets, cannot think on their own, they can only answer simple questions and orders. Whatever you order, they will react.” Babata explained.

Luo Feng nodded.

“In the universe, you can chat with your good friends far away. You can even spend money to convey that you want to meet somewhere in the virtual universe.” Babata explained. ‘Also, things such as stocks and bonds, finance, business and such can all be done in the virtual universe.”

“You can settle the bank accounts from here.”

“You can learn and practice martial arts from here!”

“You can trade or buy and sell stuff here.”

“You can play virtual games. These are 100% simulated virtual games, as lifelike as reality. There are many kinds of games too…you can say, as long as you can think of it, the game companies will definitely be able to make them.”

“Games, delicious food, beautiful women, banking, deals, duels, learning…everything is here!” Babata said. “The virtual universe, is a market that’s bigger than any planet. All the universe’s elites are gathered here, whatever is impossible in reality can happen here.”

“There are some who even treat the virtual games as reality, playing for hundreds to thousands of years. Even getting married and having children in the game. The main condition is…you have the money to play! Afterall, most of those playing are those who pay money. Only an extreme few earn money from the games”.

Luo Feng was extremely shocked.

It was too vast!

Compared to the physical universe, the virtual universe was more advanced and alluring!

“However, the virtual is still the virtual.” Babata said seriously, “No matter how long you stay in this virtual universe, you cannot train your physical body! To the strong, this network is only a convenient pathway. You can through it meet and communicate with fellow strong fighters.”

“You can buy and sell things that you’d never be able to buy in reality.”

“And if you dive into the virtual universe and spend all your time in the virtual games, unless one is without stress or ambition and owns large amounts of wealth, most usually end in tragedy!” Babata emphasized.

He was very clear on the allure of the games, hence he needed to remind Luo Feng.

“Of course, if you play some of the group training games, or single player training games, they are similar to Earth’s training simulators, that’s fine.” Babata added.

“Training simulators?” Luo Feng was speechless.

That’s called a game too?

It was pure training.

“Babata, check for me, the metal groups that the Golden Horned Beast requires, and the metal groups needed to train .” Luo Feng asked. In the virtual universe, it was still safe to communicate with Babata through the exchange of their thoughts. The virtual universe company was guaranteed never to divulge anyone’s personal messages or their personal information.

The two absolutes, these were the foundation of the Virtual Universe Network company.

“Luo Feng, the Star level Golden Horned Beast, the optimum metal groupings to swallow would be 325 B grade pure metal groupings, they can increase the internal world’s growth speed by 89 times… hm, I’ve already collected information on these 325 types of metals, they are available in the universe!” Babata had very swiftly scanned through all the news and data online.

“How about it, how much money do we need?” Luo Feng asked.

Eighty nine times!

From the Star level 1 to the Universe level, the slowest would be 100 years. The moment he began swallowing the metal groupings, a little more than a year and he could step into the Universe level.

The Universe level, even on a planet like Dragon Star, was someone of status.

In the milky way, it was even more sacred, almost like an emperor.

“One year’s worth, requires more than 60 billion Black Dragon dollars.” Babata said.

“Why so much? A ton of B grade black iron spirits, wasn’t it just 9 Black Dragon dollars? Even though they are metal groupings, eating them would be even better. But one hundred thousand tons for one year was the max! How was it still over 60 billion?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask. One hundred thousand tons of black iron spirits, were only worth a few million Black Dragon dollars.

“Luo Feng, your thinking is wrong!”

“Even though A grade and B grade metals are cheaper, the B grades are cheaper than the C grade, the C grades are cheaper than the D grades…these are the normal situations. However, there are still some very special metals.” Babata said, “For example, the C grade liquid silver, which is used to build the liquid silver guards!”

“One liquid silver guard, approximate uses about one ton of liquid silver.”

“One ton of C grade black yttrium, is only about 3000 Black Dragon dollars.”

“However one liquid silver guard, do you know how much they cost?” Babata questioned.

Luo Feng was stunned.

Right, even the high leveled government officials and personnel reacted differently when they saw the liquid silver guards…obviously the liquid silver guards were extremely expensive! Otherwise, they wouldn’t even care.

“One liquid silver guard is priced at 280 million Black Dragon dollars! One ton of liquid silver is priced at 160 million Black Dragon dollars. Compared to the similar C grade black yttrium metal, it’s much much more expensive.” Babata said. “It’s because the liquid silver is a special metal, very rarely seen, hence it’s extremely expensive! It’s more expensive than many D grade metals.”

“And your internal world’s growth, requires 325 types of B grade metals grouped together. Three of them are space type metals, they are the materials used to make the space storage items. Hence they are more pricey, plus you require large amounts.” Babata explained.

Luo Feng could only helplessly force a smile.

Those were materials used to create the space ring and other items, how could they be cheap?

And he required swallowing up to a 100 tons every day, he was going to continue for a year?

60 billion Black Dragon dollars, wasn’t expensive!

But he didn’t have any money!

900 Ganwu dollars, only equates to 900 000 Black Dragon dollars. Facing the 60 billion dollar sum, it was too huge a difference.

“Of course, there are other metal groupings which are much cheaper. However, you still can’t afford them.” Babata said. “For example, there’s a type of metal grouping, you’d spend about 10 billion every year, increasing your training speed by 39 times. An another that uses about 3 billion Black Dragon dollars every year, the training speed will increase by 20 times. And another that uses one hundred million, raising your speed by 5 times.”

Finding metals for the Golden Horned Beast was troublesome.

But as a human, finding these metals were a lot easier. Buying in virtual universe, what couldn’t be bought?”

However…

It still required money!

“The Golden Horned Beast eats too much, eating ton after ton every day.” Luo Feng was feeling the pinch.

“As for and the required metal groupings, that was even more expensive…You should just drop that for now.” Babata said directly.

After Luo Feng shook off these thoughts, he asked the second important question, “Babata, if I wanted to place the Earth under my name, I can become the planet’s leader! What are the conditions?” Stopping other people from other planets from buying the planet and enslaving the people of Earth…the best way was to become the leader himself!

Gaining the recognition from the empire and coming under its rule! There would be no one who would dare to fight against a planet with a leader!

“Becoming Earth’s leader? Let me check…” Babata blinked.


Chapter 282: Spirit Weapon

“I’ve found it.” Babata’s search speed was extremely fast.

“What are the conditions?” Luo Feng’s eyes were lit.

“For a scouting unit in the universe to discover a new planet, or discover a planet without a leader in the law books, there are three choices.” Babata said.

“The first is to tell the empire and acquire their reward. The Black Dragon Mountain Empire will, according to the different planets, reward the lowest 10 billion Black Dragon dollars to the highest 100 billion Black Dragon dollars.”

“This way, of course, you won’t be able to become Earth’s leader.”

“The second choice is to immediately buy the planet. As it was discovered by you, hence the initial price for buying the planet will be low. According to the planet’s grade, buying the planet would require, the lowest 300 billion Black Dragon dollars and the highest 3 trillion Black Dragon dollars.”

Luo Feng took a deep breath.

That was too expensive!!!

However Luo Feng was clear that a planet’s sale, the amount of money required was too extravagant. Afterall, owning a planet with life was akin to having one’s own gold mine! The life span of a planet with life was usually very very long, lasting up to hundreds of millions of years, it could totally be a family heirloom or inheritance. This is because humans have a limited life span.

Hence, a planet’s sale price would normally be in the trillions.

“The third choice, is to jointly govern the planet with the empire. You just need to pay administrative fees of 100 billion, the highest 1 trillion Black Dragon dollars.” Babata said, “This joint governance, the empire will not interfere with any of the planet’s actual affairs. All they’ll do is monitor and tax the entries and exits from the planet. They won’t bother about anything else!”

“The second and the third options both allow you to be the planet’s owner.”

Luo Feng listened and nodded.

A planet’s main source of income was the entry and exit, for planet’s within the universe, if one didn’t have any interaction with the rest of the universe, how would one earn universe currency?

“I don’t care much about the tariff, I can work with the Black Dragon mountain. But I don’t have any money.” Luo Feng was helpless.

“Not just the money, you don’t have the ability to actually request them to let you be Earth’s leader.” Babata said.

“Why?” Luo Feng was suspicious.

“How will you declare? Back then your teacher Hu Yan Bo used nothing but his flesh body to travel between universes, entering dark space, through special space techniques, enshrouded Earth and the surrounding 1000 light years in his cover, making it lost from the universe locators and maps. The other ships had no way to find this marker anymore, hence, they naturally cannot rely on passing through the universe to find Earth.” Babata said, “Normal ships can only rely on flying close within a 1000 light years, continuous flying for close to 1000 years before being able to reach Earth.”

“Don’t tell me that when you apply to be Earth’s leader, you’ll say… you flew almost 1000 years and discovered Earth?”

“Planets that are discovered after such a long flight, firstly have no value! No one would be willing to spend so much time!”

“Secondly, as long as they are not stupid, they might suspect…you are the disciple of Yun Mo Planet!”

“Unless…there is someone who was able to break through your teacher’s space technique. Another way would be, a new wormhole was discovered in the star field around, otherwise Earth is currently still very safe.”

Dragon Star, a restaurant’s private room.

His consciousness returned to reality.

“At least right now Earth is still safe!” Luo Feng smiled, picking up the glass of fruit juice from the side, sipping on it, hm?” Luo Feng squinted, creasing his eyebrows, “This taste…”

It was a peculiar taste.

After drinking it down, all his goosebumps stood up, after carefully tasting it, it was indeed a very unique taste, something that was totally new to him.

“Wow, earthling’s first taste of this drink, another sip.” Luo Feng laughed.

“Weng weng…”

The wrist communicator started to vibrate, on this planet, only Gao Sheng had his number “Haha, Luo Feng, I’ve settled my matters! Let’s go eat together.” Gao Sheng shouted.

“Where?” Luo Feng laughed.

“Dragon City north district, not far from the slave market, there’s a place that’s not bad, called One Hundred Flavors Restaurant.” Gao Sheng said.

“Alright, within a half hour.” Luo Feng ended the call, raising his head to finish the fruit juice that he had just tasted for the first time. With two large gulps he headed out.

The milky way, Earth.

The sun was resplendent, shining down on the ocean and its waves, and in the air above the ocean, two human silhouettes were flying together, heading towards the Sahara desert.

It was Hong and Thunder God.

“This third brother actually told us nothing and slipped away.” Thunder God was frustrated to the point he was gritting his teeth.

“Third brother has to leave for a month, it probably is something really important.” Hong said calmly, “Everyone has their own little secrets, when he returns and is willing, he’ll fill us in.”

“Hmph, I’ll definitely lash out at him when that time comes.” Thunder God bit down hard.

Hong and Thunder God were flying and chatting along the way.

The days on Earth were indeed relaxed and carefree!

Ever since the swallowing beast incident, Hong, Thunder God and Luo Feng, the three warriors had helped strengthen Earth by leaps and bounds. And the sea creatures, the two grand emperors were gone too, lowering the threats to the lowest ever.

It was peace on Earth.

These sort of days had already been maintained for over two years.

……

What the earth people didn’t know, was that in a star field not too far away from earth.

A universe scout ship was constantly approaching with shocking speed!

320 000 light years away on Dragon Star.

Dragon City north district, One Hundred Flavors Restaurant second floor.

“This way this way.” A voice sounded.

Luo Feng turned to look, Gao Sheng was standing and waving his hand, Luo Feng immediately smiled and walked over.

“Brother Gao Sheng, you seem to be in a good mood.” Luo Feng sat.

“I have good news, of course my mood will be good.” Gao Sheng’s eyes were lit, laughing contently, “Oh, I’ll tell you in a bit, let me first order. This One Hundred Flavors restaurant has a few very renowned dishes.” Following that, Gao Sheng waved his hand, a beautiful alluring lady with jade hair walked over.

Luo Feng looked over.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was shocked This jade haired lady, was indeed beautiful, the most shocking thing was…her power wasn’t even in the Star Traveller level!

On Dragon Star the norm on the streets was Star Travellers, with small numbers of Star levels.

“The restaurant I visited before for fruit juice, the waiter was an ordinary person. I didn’t expect this restaurant to be the same! However…The Virtual Universe Network company, along with the government personnel, are all Star Traveller level.” Luo Feng pondered, understanding immediately…the ordinary people’s wages were much cheaper.

Maybe they didn’t even require a wage.

“Luo Feng, that lady before looks pretty decent right, the women from the Dream Shell clan are all beautiful.” Gao Sheng winked, “If you like, just take her away, you just have to let the boss know.”

“Take her away?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“For a beautiful lady who isn’t even a Star Traveller, her fate is usually tragic.” Gao Sheng sighed, “They are not even citizens, they have no protection by the law. Anybody with a little bit of power can kill them if they wanted to, take them away if they wanted to! Just taking them away and they can be sold as slaves! If she were to follow someone like you, it’d be her good luck!”

Luo Feng was shocked within.

Killing them as they pleased, taking them away as they pleased? Slaves?

Even though Babata had said before, those who are not at least Star Traveller level in the universe have tragic fates and lives, normal folk mostly live on their home planet, not even having the right to buy a ticket for ships. However…actually hearing it from Gao Sheng and seeing the beautiful lady from the Dream Shell clan, caused his feelings to burn even more after hearing her fate.

“Look, she’s actually glancing over to look at Brother Luo Feng.” Gao Sheng mocked.

Luo Feng glanced over.

Immediately, he saw the lady from the Dream Shell clan in the corner of the restaurant sneakily glancing over, she could obviously hear Gao Sheng’s voice, hence she looked over…being discovered by Luo Feng, she blushed and ran into the kitchen.

……

Exquisite dishes began to come out one by one.

They were indeed delicious, incomparably delicious!

“Today, I paid a visit to my Elder, haha, he really gave me too much respect. He actually agreed to let me follow him and learn for a few years.” Gao Sheng was smiling with delight, “That Elder of mine, he’s a big shot in the energy business. Following behind him, one, I get experience, two I can start to build my network.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

Energy business?

In the universe, whenever planet’s trade among each other, they all rely on the ships, interstellar transport, etc. And the ships, battleships all require energy to function! Even the Undying Beings require energy! Be it Earth, or the universe, the energy business has always been a very profitable and hard to get in kind of business, much harder than the slave market.

Without any connections or friends, even with money, one can’t get in!

“This Gao Sheng, doesn’t have an ordinary background.” Luo Feng thought.

When the son matures, he gets a planet.

Now Gao Sheng is even beginning to step into the energy business world…

“Luo Feng, when are you leaving? Looks like I’ll be here on Dragon Star for a few years.” Gao Sheng said.

“I’ll be leaving soon. Maybe even later today.” Luo Feng said.

The purpose of coming to Dragon Star and the tasks have all been almost finished, according to Babata, there was only one thing left, to go to the Ganwu Dojo to sign up. After that, he could leave Dragon Star already.

“That fast?” Gao Sheng seemed disappointed, “What’s your virtual universe number, when you return, we brothers can spend some time together playing some games.”

“Alright.”

Luckily he had just opened the account, Luo Feng passed his virtual universe number to Gao Sheng, and vice versa!

In the future, even if the two were tens of millions of light years apart, they could still communicate through the virtual universe.

……

In the restaurant, Luo Feng was chatting with Gao Sheng.

Suddenly, three youths walked up from the stairs, all of their heights were close to 2m, their silver hair swaying, their pupils were a very moving blue color. The three were all wearing black special uniforms, the one in the middle even had a colorful medal on the left side of his chest.

“Luo Feng, look, these three are disciples at the Ganwu Dojo. The middle one is even a citizen of Dragon Star, he owns his own place here in this planet.” Gao Sheng said softly.

“Oh?” Luo Feng looked over.

The black special uniform was the standard training uniform for the Ganwu Dojo.

That medal was the identification proof of a citizen of Dragon Star, with it, on Dragon Star, that was the safest form of protection.

“Wei Lin, just lend me your spirit weapon for half a day to play with.” The disciple on the left said amongst the three.

“I bought it myself!” The center disciple with the medal flipped his hand, in it appeared an axe like metal disk, on the disk itself were some unique engravings. “This is a level two spirit weapon of the highest quality, I actually begged my family for a long time before getting the bank card. If I’m unable to reach the Universe level, this spirit weapon will follow me for life! Six billion Black Dragon dollars, I could have easily bought several C grade ships, a swipe of the card, even I felt the pinch!”

The disciple deliberately shouted every word, drawing the attention of everybody else.

Six billion Black Dragon dollars? Level 2 highest quality spirit weapon?

“High quality spirit weapon.” The two other disciples at the side were staring with their eyes gleaming, “We can’t even think about it for the rest of our lives!”

A spirit reader was only capable of using his maximum battle prowess with a proper spirit weapon.

Also, since the construction of a spirit weapon was extremely complex, hence their prices too were very expensive. Much less the level 2 high quality spirit weapon.

“Hehe.” The disciple called Wei Lin, as if massaging a woman’s skin, gently caressing the spirit weapon in his hand, his gaze passionate.

A table in the distance, Luo Feng and Gao Sheng both looked over.

“Spirit weapon?”

Luo Feng stared blankly for a bit, before asking, “Babata, my soaring shuttle and arc cutter blade, what level spirit weapons are they?”


Chapter 283: Wei Di Family

“Luo Feng, the spirit weapons are separated into average, level 1, level 2, level 3, level 4 and 5!”

The average ones have almost no amplitude effects, hence their prices are cheap.”

“A level 1 spirit weapon is able to expand a Star Traveller spirit reader’s maximum battle potential. The level 2 spirit weapon does that for the Star level…level 5 does that for the Sector Lord.” Babata said, “Your arc cutter blade and soaring shuttle can both be used till the Universe level, hence they are level 3 spirit weapons!”

“Level 3?” Luo Feng was surprised but delighted.

The youths that appeared on the second floor of the restaurant, his level 2 spirit weapon alone was that expensive! Luo Feng estimated that his own 2 weapons were much more valuable.

“One weapon, the easier it’s usage, the higher its price!” Babata said, “For example, your soaring shuttle second form, requires a battle ability amplifier of 30 to be able to use. It’s because of your Golden Horned Beast’s body, hence your consciousness is so strong. Usually, only a star level 5 or 6 is capable of reaching that level.”

“Especially the third form, it’s even more messed up, a battle ability amplifier of 48, Universe level, and a domain, the three big conditions!” Babata said.

Luo Feng was shocked.

“A similar level 2 spirit weapon, if it’s requirement is a multiplier of 30 to be able to use, one with a requirement of 20 to expand the same amount of power, which do you think would be more expensive?” Babata questioned.

“Oh.” Luo Feng nodded.

“That’s why, the weapon of this youth called Wei Lin has been deemed a level 2 high quality weapon because it is easy to use.”

“Your soaring shuttle’s requirements are too high, hence it’s only a level 3 low quality weapon. Your arc cutter knife has slightly lower requirements, belonging to the level 3 medium quality weapon. If you were to buy the soaring shuttle at a weapon store, it would cost about 5 billion Black Dragon dollars. The arc cutter knife, about 20 billion dollars.” Babata explained.

“Such a big difference?” Luo Feng was stunned.

From his experience, he felt that the power difference between the two wasn’t that different.

The price difference however was shocking.

“Of course the difference is huge! One weapon can be used the moment one reaches the Universe level, and yours can only be used after reaching the Universe level 7 or 8. How can they be the same?” Babata questioned.

Luo Feng understood better now.

“A level 3 higher quality weapon would cost about 100 billion dollars. A level 3 highest quality weapon, would be about 500 billion.” Babata said casually, “for the Universe level warriors, spending hundreds of billions on weapons is a very normal thing. To the strong…the most important things are weapons, armor, techniques and after that a ship!”

Universe level warriors, joining an empire, can easily acquire tens of planets as their territory.

Such levels of warriors would indeed not be bothered by hundreds of billions of dollars.

The restaurant’s second floor.

Many of the customers had focused their attention on the two youths due to his earlier bragging, 6 billion! For a star level warrior, that as a huge sum of money!

“As long as my multiplier reaches 18, I can release the powers of its second stage.” Wei Lin, the youth said proudly as he waved his special golden disc, hu, the golden disc immediately floated up, flying about in the walkways of the restaurant’s second floor, he was extremely satisfied!

Hu!

The golden disc brushed past the waitress, shocking her and the others to jump.

“Haha, haha, don’t be afraid, my controlling skills are exceptional.” Wei Lin was extremely satisfied and proud.

“What exceptional control” The two other disciples flattered him.

“Ah!”

Walking out from the kitchen with a dish full of food, a jade haired waitress was shocked by the golden light sweeping past her, her hands faltered causing the dish to spill over. A plate of vegetables and meat with thick sauce spilled over onto the special revolving golden disc, causing it to get dirty and soiled.

“My spirit weapon!” Wei Lin’s expression changed drastically, screaming out.

Hu!

The golden disc landed beside him as he looked at the black sauce staining it, he was trembling with rage.

Just like on Earth, if a newly bought car of a car enthusiast had been stained by food and vegetables, this was a similar situation! This spirit weapon was something that was much much more expensive than a car, costing 6 billion Black Dragon dollars, in Wei Lin’s heart, this weapon was even more important than his girlfriend!

It actually got dirty on the first day!

“Bastard!” Wei Lin’s gaze swept past the pale jade haired waitress, gritting his teeth, “Slut, go to hell!”

Rumble!

The golden disc became a beam of golden light, rushing straight towards the waitress.

“No.”

The waitress’s expression was stricken with fear, she had no time to evade or dodge at all.

“Hu!”

A formless powerful thread of spirit energy, almost like a concentrated collection of vines swiftly wrapped itself around the golden disc, forcing the golden light to swerve and crash into the wall beside. “Rumble…” An attack with the force of a star level warrior caused a dent in the wall, but the windows around all shattered immediately, glass flying everywhere. One particular window frame brushed the arm of another waitress, immediately slicing her arm, blood flowing and staining the floor.

“Sir, stop!” A silhouette suddenly appeared on the side, it was the restaurant’s manager.

“Who! Who stands in my way!”

Wei Lin was roaring with rage, spinning around.

“Sir.” The manager shouted.

“Who are you!” Wei Lin pointed at the restaurant manager, “Didn’t you see, your worker has soiled my spirit weapon? Do you know what weapon this is, how much it’s worth? 6 billion Black Dragon dollars! Even after selling the entire restaurant you’d still not be able to afford it, you actually dare to dirty my spirit weapon.”

The already Star level manager’s expression changed after hearing the 6 billion number.

“My apologies, sir.”

The manager turned his head, his gaze cold as he swept past the workers, not caring at all about the waitress with the sliced arm, “Who, who dirtied the customer’s weapon?”

Being stared down by the manager…

The jade haired waitress was extremely terrified, she was very clear on the manager’s power! In her hometown, a Star level warrior was already an existence of that of a demon king, invincible and high up in power. And in such a place where there were powerful warriors all about on Dragon Star, her restaurant manager was a star level fighter!

“It’s her!” Wei Lin pointed at the jade hair waitress.

“Sir, now she’s yours, you can handle this situation however you want.” The restaurant manager smiled looking at Wei Lin, “All the costs from today will be complimentary.”

“Who interfered just now!”

Wei Lin’s gaze swept past every customer around, “Which spirit reader? What’s wrong, you have to guts to save a beauty and now you’re too scared to admit it? Scum, come out! Come out now!” As a resident of Dragon Star, he had the safest form of protection, even Universe level warriors wouldn’t dare offend or kill a resident of Dragon Star.

This was the special privilege of a resident of Dragon Star.

That’s why Wei Lin could act so unscrupulously.

“Who? Too scared to admit it?” Wei Lin looked at everyone.

“Scum, what are you shouting about?” An indifferent voice sounded.

Wei Lin turned fiercely to look.

The one who spoke was none other than the calm and collected young man with black hair with two liquid silver guards behind him.

The entire restaurant was silent.

One look and one could tell it was two big family heirs fighting, normal people maintained their silence.

“Oh, who are you?” Wei Lin carefully examined Luo Feng.

Luo Feng couldn’t be bothered about Wei Lin’s background, “What’s the use of having such a big background, I’ll be leaving here and returning back to Earth soon! Earth’s dark space marker is covered in his teacher’s secret technique, even undying beings will have a hard time breaking through. Once I return to Earth, even if you were the prince of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, you couldn’t do anything to me.”

“Haha, brother, I did say you fancied that lady before no?” Beside him, Gao Sheng laughed.

“No, I just couldn’t watch blood get spilled here.” Luo Feng laughed too.

Wei Lin grew more enraged as the two engaged in their own conversation, not even looking over to him. Beside him, the Star level restaurant manager was in a difficult position…on normal planets, a Star level was already an invincible warrior. Over here however, where fish and dragons are mixed together, he had to be extremely cautious.

Didn’t he see that this side uses a 6 billion dollar spirit weapon?

Didn’t he see that on the other side, there were four Star level bodyguards along with two liquid silver guards?

Both sides were not to be trifled with!

“I say brother.” Gao Sheng gave Wei Lin a look, “Is there a need to bother with a poor lady who isn’t even a Star Traveller, what a disgrace!”

“And who are you?” Wei Lin said to Gao Sheng.

“Gao Sheng Wei Di!” Gao Sheng said casually.

“Wei Di?”

Wei Lin’s eyebrows creased, turning to look at Luo Feng, “You still haven’t told me who you are.”

“Just a spirit reader, that’s all.” Luo Feng waved.

Hu!

Hu!

Two golden lights revolved around the surroundings, this scene led to the manager to break out in cold sweat: “Damn, two spirit weapons?” Some of the restaurant’s second level guests’ eyes lit up, to them, Dragon Star was a place that was more refined and bustling than any other planet, they were here to holiday and enjoy the scenes.

Coming to Dragon Star…it was indeed an eye opener!

“Hm?” Wei Lin’s pupils shrank, his gaze could easily easy, these two spirit weapons were no weaker than his.

“Wei Di, Wei Di? Don’t tell me…it is the legendary Wei Di Family?”

Wei Lin clenched his teeth. Without muttering a sound and not even leaving a remark, he just turned and left.

The other two disciples too followed him and left!

“Haha, interesting, very interesting.” Gao Sheng laughed. “I never thought I’d encounter such matters on my first time to Dragon Star, hehe…”

“Did my actions bring brother Gao Sheng any troubles?” Luo Feng felt apologetic, he could easily just return to Earth, but Gao Sheng had mentioned he intended to stay here for a few years.

“No problem, just a tiny brat.”

Gao Sheng laughed, “On Dragon Star, there isn’t anyone that I cannot mess with!”

“Damn.” Luo Feng laughed involuntarily.

This level of speech was absolutely daring!

But Luo Feng didn’t know…an heir of a big family, to receive a planet at his coming of age ceremony, this sort of treatment was shocking itself! If he truly realized, he would have understood the magnitude of Gao Sheng’s family and background.

“Manager.” Gao Sheng shouted.

“Sir.” The restaurant manager ran over, he actually heard the words from before, there was no one of Dragon Star he couldn’t mess with, who would dare say such words? Even the Emperor of the Silverblue Empire wouldn’t dare to say such words! Unless it was the Black Dragon Mountain Empire’s Emperor that came over, or an even bigger presence!

“I’ll be taking that waitress with me.” Gao Sheng said.

“Yes sir.” The manager smiled, “It’s her honor.”

“Hm.”

Gao Sheng nodded.

The restaurant manager left to go downstairs, Luo Feng smiled as he looked at Gao Sheng, “You fancy her now?”

“No.” Gao Sheng’s fat little face was all smiles, “After this matter, this restaurant would definitely not dare to keep her, she would be sent to the slave market! When that happens, her fate would be extremely tragic. I am the type of person who cannot bear to see a beautiful lady suffer. Afterall I need some helpers on Dragon Star, so I just conveniently took her. Right…If you like her, you can take her.”

Luo Feng smiled, “I tend to travel and wander a lot, she’d be better off with you.”

“Travel and wander? Are you training or what? Hm, take it that I never asked! Right, we’ve finished eating, let’s…go talk a walk at the slave market, how about it? Getting a few slaves as helpers or bodyguards is not bad.” Gao Sheng suggested.

“Slave market?”

Luo Feng nodded, “Alright!”


Chapter 284: Slave Market

Two Star Traveller youths, four Star level bodyguards, 2 liquid silver guards, and finally a Dream Shell Clan female servant.

This was the group Luo Feng was currently in.

“Even though Star levels are considered powerful already, the Universe levels are the true emperors! The rulers of an entire galaxy!” Luo Feng thought as he walked, “Only when my Golden Horned Beast reaches the Universe level! Would that be considered having enough power! However, the amount of metals needed for the Golden Horned Beast to swallow requires so much money to buy!”

“Money, money money!”

“How about, I sell off the arc cutter blade?” Luo Feng considered.

Having both the soaring shuttle and the arc cutter blade, usually in battle, all he needed and used was one of them. What’s more, he had his trump card, the hybrid copper essence shard!

“To sell or not to sell the arc cutter blade?” Luo Feng was struggling with the decision.

“Luo Feng, there’s a treasure shop right in front, there are various kinds of treasures within, whatever scraps and weird things are all sold there. The one common thing is that, they are all treasures! That’s why they are all expensive, let’s go take a look, afterall we are not far from the slave market here.” Gao Sheng smiled as he shouted out.

“Treasure shop?”

Luo Feng was curious as he followed Gao Sheng into the treasure shop.

This treasure shop’s interior was vast, comparable to the huge plazas on earth. Within, according to the categories and districts, there were armors, tamed beasts, spirit weapons, special fruits, robots, etc. It was a big collection of almost everything. All of them had image simulators and pictures, their prices incomparably expensive.

“This treasure shop cannot compare to several specialist spirit weapon shops or robot shops, etc. But it’s specialty lies in it’s complexity.” Gao Shen complimented, “Take a look around brother, I too will go have a look.”

Luo Feng looked at the various images on the screens, before looking at their prices…

Expensive!

Too expensive!

“They even have cloud contact seeds? Amethyst fruits, that’s sick!” Luo Feng was calm on the outside, but his emotions were raging within.

Even selling the Earth wouldn’t give him enough money to buy several items in the shop.

“This is…”

Luo Feng suddenly saw a small piece of metal, from his inherited memories regarding the training, it was an extremely crucial piece of metal that he required. “This is it!”

first level, this was the most crucial metal!

“The price, converted to Earth measures, 1g was 200 Black Dragon dollars?” Luo Feng stared hard, “grams as the measurement?”

“With the Golden Horned Beast’s body, it eats the metals in tons!” Luo Feng felt a sense of helplessness.

In the universe, this sort of metal was sold in grams!

Just like on Earth, gold is sold in grams! Suddenly a beast that eats gold in tons comes along, even the wealthy on Earth would be stunned.

The same idea.

“One gram for 200 Black Dragon dollars! One ton, that would be 200 million Black Dragon dollars?” Luo Feng blinked hard, “The Golden Horned Beast’s training of , requires about a ton everyday, so in a year…” the numbers were astronomical, a large amount of numbers appeared in his head, it was hard to blame him!

It was no wonder that even after generations of Golden Horned Beasts, was usually only trained up to the first level.

“Brother Luo Feng, what are you looking at?” Gao Sheng walked over and looked, “Memory type metals? These sort of metals are good stuff, infusing them into your weapons and sorts would allow them to regenerate and recover automatically!”

There were many types of memory type metals.

They were all sold in grams!

They were extremely expensive!

“I’m going out to get some air.” Luo Feng grew angrier and more helpless the more he looked.

There were many treasures in the vast universe.

Things to increase one’s power, one’s soul, there were many items!

There was no lack of treasures, just the lack of money!

With enough wealth, buying a planet was incredibly easy, making hundreds of millions of people as your slaves too was easy!

“I won’t look anymore either, I have no money. Let’s go, let’s head to the slave market.” Gao Sheng said helplessly.

The slave market, had an area of over 300km. If it were put on earth, it would an enormous city.

But here on Dragon Star, it was only a small portion of the Dragon City.

The slave market was packed full of people, it was the biggest slave market in the closest one hundred galaxies.

“These Tieluo people are all very strong, even though they are rather stupid and can’t be trained that well, but each of them is comparable to a Student level 9 fighter! Each only costs 20 Black Dragon dollars, buying in bulk even adds a discount!” Outside each of the huge slave stores, there were people outside attracting customers and enthusiastically introducing their goods.

Luo Feng was speechless.

Student level 9? Isn’t that the equivalent of Earth’s advanced level wargods?

Only 20 Black Dragon dollars?

Spending just one hundred million, wouldn’t one be able to buy 50 million advanced level wargods?

“People below the Star Traveller level cannot become citizens, hence their prices are very low.” Gao Sheng said as he walked, “Under the Star Traveller level, unless they are absolute beauties, or have special properties, most of them are normally about 10 Black Dragon dollars. Look, over there, they are all beautiful women!”

In the distance, a group of absolute flawless beauties of different races and clans, some had white pale skins while some had bushy tails, some had cat ears while some were very similar to Earth’s humans…any one of them would be capable of devastating an entire country on Earth.

“They cost 5000 Black Dragon dollars each, they are all first class women, buying in bulk even gets you a discount.” A beautiful lady was shouting out from the side.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng looked at another huge space, it had a huge aura from fighters expanding their energies, Star Traveller levels 6, 7, even 8 and 9 fighters, spirit readers all stood there. There were barely any Star Traveller levels 3 and 4. Amongst them, many of them had auras and energies that were no weaker than Hong’s or Thunder God’s.

“5000? 8000? That Star Traveller level 8 is worth 20 thousand? A star traveller level 9 spirit reader is worth 100 thousand?” Luo Feng was looking at their individual prices.

100 thousand Black Dragon dollars and one could buy a Star Traveller level 9 spirit reader!

Place him on Earth, and he’d be an invincible being!

Beside Luo Feng, Gao Sheng said casually, “Star Travellers can at the most be hired thugs, servants, they don’t have much use! In the universe, only Star levels can be considered body guards, high class servants. However below Star Traveller level, the cost is about 10 Black Dragon dollars. The Star Travellers about 10 thousand, the Star levels however are 100 million.”

Under Gao Sheng’s leadership, they quickly arrived an emptier but bigger and more vast plaza, in it stood a total of 18 warriors all fighters and spirit readers.

They were Star levels 1, 2, 3…9, fighters and spirit readers! All of them had their own prices.

Eighteen Star level slaves, all automatically expanded their energies, displaying their strengths! Especially the Star levels 8 and 9, those were even stronger than the Golden Horned Beast back then. The aura gathered together from these warriors…caused Luo Feng to tremble involuntarily.

“So powerful!” Gao Sheng muttered beside, “It’s making my legs shiver involuntarily!”

“Indeed, very powerful.”

Luo Feng held his breath.

The breakthrough from the different levels, was a leap of evolution of life every time! The further one grew, the bigger the jump! If one could say that the jump from a student level 9 to the star traveller level 1 was a few times stronger, than the Star Traveller level 9 to a Star level 1 was definitely more than 10 times, and the Star level 9 to the Universe level 1 was even more so.

The further one grew, the bigger the distance between the levels! This was also why, back then, the level 7 and 8 Hong and Thunder God, with their own domains and soul immolation, couldn’t even break through the Golden Horned Beast’s scales initially! It was Hong’s final expansion of power that broke through. One, the Golden Horned Beast was too strong, two, the distance between a Star Traveller and Star level was too huge, too far away.

These 18 slaves, all of their auras were much stronger than Luo Feng’s.

Take a Star Traveller level 7 or 8.

One could definitely dominate the entire Earth! One finger would be enough to crush Luo Feng!

“A Star level 1 fighter is really cheap, only 1 million. A Star level 4 fighter is 20 million? A Star level 7 fighter is expensive, actually 500 million! Star level 8 fighter is 2 billion and a Star level 9 fighter is 5 billion.” Luo Feng was looking at the prices, as for spirit readers, the same level was actually 3 times more than the fighters!

“The prices are reasonable.” Gao Sheng evaluated.

“Sir, do you have any interest in these Star level slaves?” Suddenly, the person in charge of this plaza ran over, obviously spotting Luo Feng and Gao Sheng’s slaves, guessing they were big clients with spending power!

“I’ve already got the Star levels.” Gao Sheng looked at the person in charge, smiling, “I heard before on Dragon Star, that there are Universe level slaves?”

Luo Feng was shocked.

Universe level slaves?

A normal galaxy’s evolution usually only produces one universe level warrior! A Universe level, that was the true tyrant and emperor.

Universe level slaves?

However, with regards to information on slaves, Luo Feng had learnt from Babata, their brains were implanted with microchips, which fuse with their brains, unable to ever be separated. With these, they were a 100% loyal to their masters! To destroy the chips, their brains had to be destroyed! And human warrior’s souls were within their consciousness, where their brains were!

That’s why, destroying their brains meant death.

Unless…one became a Domain Lord!

Domain Lord’s souls could leave their brains! So they are able to destroy the chips in their brains.

That’s why…

Theoretically speaking, with the implant of the living microchip, the strongest a slave could ever grow to was the Universe level 9! Of course, if it was the Yun Mo Planet’s secret technique , that was something that could control even an Undying Being! However those techniques…in the vast universe, were techniques that were never shared outside their own circles!

“Universe slaves? If you wish to purchase one, that’s possible, our boss above can arrange it.” The person in charge smiled as he said.

“I’m just asking, I can’t afford it.” Gao Sheng laughed.

“Universe slaves are expensive! No way around it, to capture a Universe level warrior alive is hard enough, plus having to implant the microchip is even harder. A Universe level is priced in the billions. They are more expensive than a planet.” The person in charge shook his head, “From my point of view, with that money, why don’t you buy 10 to 20 Star level 9s instead, if you are lucky, one of the slaves may break through to the Universe level. When that happens, you can sell him, wouldn’t that be a fortune made?”

“Are you trying to swindle me!” Gao Sheng stared, “Star level 9 breaking through to the Universe level? Are the chances even 1 out of 100,000?”

“I’m just saying.” The person in charge laughed.

Luo Feng looked at the slaves with envy.

Star level 8 and 9, they were thousands of times stronger than the fighters on Earth! Even if the Star level 4 Golden Horned Beast risked it all, it still wasn’t a match. Without meeting a Universe level…this level of slaves would enable one to walk parallel with the universe. And the slaves with microchips implanted were the most loyal and obedient.

Countless years, there haven’t been an example or case of a slave betraying a master.

“It’s just too expensive!”

Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, “To strengthen the Golden Horned Beast required money! ’s training required money! To become the leader of a planet also required money! Getting some powerful underlings also required money!”

“It’s useless!”

Luo Feng bit down, “I’m not using the arc cutter blade much, and I still have my trump card the hybrid copper essence shard, so I’ll just sell the arc cutter blade! Then I’d have the money for training and even buying some slaves!”


Chapter 285: Coldness in the Heart

His mind was currently in a state of indecisiveness!

The arc cutter blade didn’t add much to his current powers, but the moment it’s sold, it would be of great benefit!

“Look, there’s more Dream Shell Clan people there.” Gao Sheng’s eyes lit up, pointing in the distance shouting, “Shasha, they’re the same type of people as you right!”

Luo Feng too followed the direction of where Gao Sheng was pointing, beautiful jade haired young women were lined up, some were alluring while others seemed innocent and young, all of them were extremely beautiful. At the side were several jade haired handsome men, all made up to look dashing and heroic.

“xxxx…” The group of Dream Shell Clan slaves saw Sasha, one of them shouted out in a language that was foreign to the ears.

“Xxx…” The servant young lady behind Gao Sheng shouted back in the same language, her eyes red with tears flowing down.

“Why, you recognize them?” Gao Sheng said shocked.

The Dream Shell Clan slaves were pretty renowned in the slave market. Their prices were all in the hundreds of millions. Who would’ve thought that the female servant from the restaurant would recognize this group of slaves.

“Yes, I recognize them.” Sasha said, “Master, they all came here with me from the same hometown, we were all captured by the leader of the planet at the same time and sold to the slave trafficker.

“Captured by the leader?” Luo Feng’s eyebrows creased beside.

Not only did the planet’s leader not protect his own citizens, he captured and sold them?

“Yes.”

Sasha bit down and said hatefully, “Our hometown is an extremely beautiful planet! Our leader is the strongest warrior there, he dominates the entire planet! Under him are two other demon kings, all Star level warriors! Star level, in our hometown, that’s already invincible. Our ordinary folk have at most a few Star Traveller levels, no match for even the demon kings!”

“The two demon kings command an army, taking away a large number of matured young ladies and men, selling them directly to the slave traffickers.” Sasha continued to tear as she spoke, “Our race of people from the planet continue to reproduce and get sold, this, is our fate. Something we can never change!”

The story chilled Luo Feng’s heart!

My god!

There are actually warriors who specially own a planet to cultivate slaves? It was just like cultivating vegetables, selling one crop and cultivating another!

“To peddle slaves is an extremely lucrative industry.” Gao Sheng said as he shook his head, “A planet with a population of hundreds of millions can reproduce that amount in a few decades. Selling a few hundreds of millions would mean enormous wealth! However, these sorts of things are extremely disgusting, the moment that race produces any powerful warriors, that planet’s leader would be done for, hence these people usually only do such things to the weaker races. And the ones that dare to do so are leaders with extremely big backgrounds.”

“There are countless human races, some weaker races, that are still weak even after maturing. To even produce a Star Traveller level is extremely difficult. These races, for them to be sold as slaves, is a very common thing.” Gao Sheng said.

Ice cold!

Coldness that pierced to the bones!

The universe was too raw and brutal.

“If, if Earth were to ever be discovered…” Luo Feng trembled within.

Earth’s humans were far too weak!

Even reaching the Star Traveller level 1, was extremely difficult! This sort of race, if it were to be discovered by some big power in the universe, would immediately be deemed a slave race, reproducing generation after generation and being sold as slaves.

Generations would pass, the people would get poorer and poorer, it was a bottomless pit!

Like the Dream Shell Clan…

“No, no!!!” Luo Feng felt a sense of rage within.

Rage!

He couldn’t resign himself to that!

He could never allow it!

Coming to Dragon Star and seeing the Star level warriors that could squash him with a finger, even just the restaurant manager, the more important slaves, the bodyguards…Luo Feng understood! This was why Babata wanted him to act as a big family’s heir! Act as someone who had a huge background!

As it turns out…

The universe was this level of raw and brutal! If one was weak, he would be stepped on! No one would care about it!

If your race was weak, then, the entire race would be stepped on, even enslaved!

No one would help you! One had to rely totally on himself!

“Big family’s heir? Liquid silver guards? Black dragon ship? I’m definitely not some big family’s heir. The disciple of Yun Mo Planet? It has already been destroyed! I’m just an Earthling, a weak human from Earth. I can only rely on acting and appearances to gather some form of respect here on Dragon Star. Otherwise, who would actually respect a Star Traveller level little man from an aboriginal planet?” Luo Feng was looking at the slave Shasha.

Looking at the group of Dream Shell Clan slaves.

The female slaves were weak, while some of the male slaves had already reached the Star Traveller level! Obviously, when it came to power, the Dream Shell Clan was even stronger than people from Earth!

“Dream Shell Clan people, humans from earth…” Luo Feng muttered to himself.

“I definitely won’t allow it, I won’t allow Earth to follow in the Dream Shell Clan’s footsteps! Never!” Luo Feng muttered to himself.

A raging fire was burning within him!

Seeing the Dream Shell Clan, Luo Feng’s mind was totally clear now.

In the vast universe, there were millions and billions of human races! The stronger race bloodlines, like the Manka, reach the Domain Lord level when they mature! And the weakest are even weaker than Earth! The weaker ones compared to those on Earth, the matured people’s powers can’t even reach the student level 1, they were simply too weak!

Why were the Manka so strong? It was due to the hardwork from their ancestors, that they managed to evolve the genetics of their descendants!

For any race to want to rise up, a hero is required to hack open a road for the others!

“Since we do not have any powerful ancestors, then, let me be the one to open a path!”

“I cannot rely on anybody else, only on myself!”

Walking through the slave market with Gao Sheng and looking at the groups of slaves, many of the slaves were grouped according to their race and sold, even orders up to the thousands and tens of thousands were easily handled! This chilled Luo Feng’s heart even more…If there was ever a day, where Earth humans were sold in the thousands and tens of thousands, amongst them were his fellow men, family and descendants.

That would be a nightmare!

“Brother Gao Sheng, I still have some matters to attend to, let’s separate here.”

At the exit of the slave market, Luo Feng said goodbye to Gao Sheng.

“No problem! Luo Feng, if any matters pop up, you can contact me through the Virtual Universe Network. I’ll be here on Dragon Star for the next few years.” Gao Sheng said enthusiastically.

“Definitely.”

At that time, the two split up.

Watching as Luo Feng left with the two liquid silver guards, Gao Sheng muttered softly to himself: “Training for a sect? Or a test from a big family?” He shook his head, leaving with his bodyguards. He could never have imagined…This youth who seemed to have such a big background, was actually the strongest warrior from an aboriginal planet, and even though he was the strongest, he was still only a Star Traveller level.

“I have to increase my strength as fast as possible now, increasing Earth’s power.” Luo feng walked along the streets of Dragon Star.

There were two routes to increasing his strength.

One was to increase his human body’s strength.

Two was to increase the Golden Horned Beast’s strength.

“The Golden Horned Beast has the strongest battle power!” Luo Feng thought, “However, to enable the Golden Horned Beast to reach the Universe level within a couple of years, even after selling the arc cutter blade, the money would still be insufficient! There’s only one way to do this…”

“Increasing my human body’s power, swiftly reaching the Star level.”

“After that, heading to the Universe Galaxy Bank, acquiring the first account my teacher left for me.”

“Relying on this account’s money, to make the Golden Horned Beast’s body swiftly reaching the Universe level!”

Luo Feng easily formulated a plan for himself.

With the power of the Yun Mo Planet’s master, even a random leg hair would have been stronger than the Dragon Star leader’s Domain Lord! He believed the amount of money in the first account would not disappoint him.

“Babata, I want to sell the arc cutter blade, where would be the best place to do it?” Luo Feng asked.

“You really want to sell it?” Babata couldn’t help but ask.

“Yes!”

Luo Feng was firm on his decision.

Having the Undying corpses, hybrid copper essence weapon, and the even more expensive eternal love, etc, taking them out would mean suicide! With these, why did he still have to work so hard? The hybrid copper essence shard and eternal love would all drive the Domain Lords mad. And the Yun Mo Planet ship, made even the Undying Beings crazy.

Luo Feng didn’t dare to take them out!

“If you want to sell, go to that treasure shop from before!” Babata said.

“Treasure shop?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Yup, the treasure shop’s goods cannot compare to the spirit weapon specialist shops, they will give you a better price.” Babata explained.

……

Luo Feng rushed over to the treasure shop.

A while later.

“Oh, it’s the customer from before. You’ve actually returned, you must have decided to buy something.” The helper within the store recognized Luo Feng, inviting him enthusiastically.

“Respected sir, what can I help you with.” The helper smiled.

“I want to sell a spirit weapon.” Luo Feng looked at him, this made the helper very shocked, Luo Feng continued, “A level 3 one!”

“Please, please wait a moment.” The helper seemed like he was trembling.

The spirit weapon was originally a luxury good.

Every rise in level had price leaps that were extremely shocking.

A level 3 spirit weapon’s lowest price was still in the billions, and the highest quality ones could reach even trillions!

“Sir, please come inside to discuss.” Very quickly, the helper ran back out, respectfully leading Luo Feng to a guest room within.

Within the guest room.

The originally sitting old man with two red and blue stripes across his face, a height of about 2.6m smiled and stood up, slightly bowing, “Respected customer, I heard you want to sell a level 3 spirit weapon?” This was a Star level 6 warrior, on ordinary planets, he was an invincible being.

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“May I know what spirit weapon it is?” The old man asked.

Luo Feng flipped his hand, brandishing the arc cutter blade!

The old man’s eyes lit up.

“This is the arc cutter blade, a weapon sold in spirit weapon shops in the Black Dragon Mountain Empire. The arc cutter blade’s quoted price is 21 billion Black Dragon dollars.” Luo Feng said.

With careful study of spirit weapons, one could easily create imitations of them.

Of course, regular level 3 spirit weapons, only Sector Lords could maybe try and imitate them. They went as far as requiring Undying Beings to make them. Peddling weapons has always been a very lucrative industry, things like the soaring shuttle was made by Hu Yan Bo, but the arc cutter blade wasn’t. Hence the number of soaring shuttles in the universe was much lower.

The arc cutter blade actually belongs to the more commonly seen level 3 spirit weapons, this treasure shop was bound to have information on its usage and methods,

“Di!”

A green light covered the arc cutter blade.

“Oh, it’s an authentic arc cutter blade, its materials are not bad, it’s also in perfect condition.” The old man smiled and looked at Luo Feng, “I can give you 16 billion Black Dragon dollars, closing price.”

“18 billion, I won’t go any lower.” Luo Feng shook his head.

This 18 billion was what Babata had instructed him to say.

“18 billion? This…” The old man looked at Luo Feng, this youth before him seemed to understand well about their business and profits, for them to actually carry such weapons, the first step alone was hard. It required time to wait for the goods, spirit weapons were after all things that only Sector Lords could build and create. With all these, it would take more than 18 billion just to acquire one arc cutter knife.

“Deal!” The old man looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng finally revealed a smile: “Let’s draw up the contract!”


Chapter 286: The Purchase Before Departure

Both parties agreed on the contract and deal.

As Luo Feng didn’t have a bank card, hence…he made special request. He had to get a new bank card from the Universe Galaxy Bank, thereafter, the two completed their deal.

The arc cutter blade now belonged to the treasure shop.

And the huge sum of 18 billion Black Dragon dollars now belonged to Luo Feng!

“This credit card is truly special, it’s actually fused with one’s consciousness, only the original owner can use the card. Even if it was stolen, it couldn’t be used.” Luo Feng was singing its praises, this was definitely an absolute safe method, safer than any password, after all…everyone’s spiritual mark was different.

Universe Galaxy Bank, it was one of the super banks of the universe!

In the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, it only dealt with clients and deals exceeding 100 million Black Dragon dollars, it wouldn’t even bother handling anything lower.

“18 billion, this is also considered a pretty big amount. For people like Gao Sheng, and the Wei Lin from the restaurant, they too wouldn’t be able to produce such cash instantly.” Luo Feng’s spiritual force felt the 18 billion within his storage space ring, feeling extremely excited.

“What are you excited about? One hybrid copper essence shard alone is much more valuable, and the Yun Mo Planet ship, which is made from countless hybrid copper essence, would make the Undying Beings even more green with envy. That’s the true wealth!” Babata couldn’t help but say, he obviously couldn’t stand Luo Feng’s current expression.

“No matter how valuable, I can’t even take it out, where’s the use in that?” Luo Feng retorted.

Babata was speechless.

The Yun Mo Planet ship, would probably entice the entire Black Dragon Mountain Empire to risk it all and battle for it.

How could Luo Feng dare to bring it out?

Even after reaching the Universe level, Domain lord level, he still wouldn’t dare to bring it out!

Along with the old man, the two walked out from the Universe Galaxy Bank and returned to the treasure shop.

“Since I currently do not have enough money to make the Golden Horned Beast quickly reach the Universe level…I just have to swiftly increase my human body’s power.” Luo Feng was very clear, in the vast universe, huge amounts of wealth represented a great power! He needed to as quickly as possible gain access to the first bank account his teacher left behind for him!

Hence, he needed to quickly raise his human body’s power.

Only that way would his spirit swiftly increase in power too!

After all, the Golden Horned Beast’s soul was a Star level 4, his human body didn’t have any restrictions to breakthrough.

“Luo Feng, the Mu Ya crystals have life force in them, to the human soul and body, they have a positive effect on its evolution. They don’t have any side effects too. So…The crystals can make a higher wargod breakthrough to the star traveller level 1, it can also help the monsters evolve.” Babata said, “Of course right now you don’t need your physical body or soul to strengthen…just your body!”

Luo Feng’s body was the main reason for his power currently.

“Strengthening your body, with your current wealth, the best would be the Jade Marrow.” Babata explained, “The Jade Marrow is a treasure that’s best for the Star Traveller level.”

At different levels, different treasures had different effects.

Just like America’s ‘Elixir of Life’, it allowed normal people to regrow lost limbs.

The spirits of nature allowed wargods’ powers to increase quickly. A few special spirits of nature could even help treat and heal Star Travellers. However…they had no ability to increase or strengthen a Star Traveller warrior.

At that time, they required even better treasures!

……

“Mr. Luo Feng,” The old man from the treasure shop smiled, “This is a member card for our treasure shop, you enjoy a 9.8% discount. We don’t normally hand out member cards this easily.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng smiled.

This old man obviously knew Luo Feng had 18 billion Black Dragon dollars, of course he’d hope for Luo Feng to make a few more purchases.

“Do you have Jade Marrows here?” Luo Feng asked, he couldn’t care less to look at the other treasures, this 18 billion, he needed to use it to the best of his ability, raising his body’s power! He definitely couldn’t waste it some useless items.

“We do.”

This Star level 6 old man personally serviced Luo Feng, smiling as he brought Luo Feng to a corner of the treasure shop, there, several floating virtual images of Jade Marrows were on display. The Jade Marrows were a special and unique green color with hints of shiny mercury liquid around, beside it, it’s price was displayed.

“Jade Marrow, 1 gram for 9000 dollars?” Luo Feng nodded, “I need 30 kg!”

“30kg?” The old man nodded and smiled.

This caused the recently entered customers to turn and stare at Luo Feng.

The Jade Marrow, an expensive plaything?

Buying 30kg in one go?

“After adding the discount, that would be 264.6 million Black Dragon dollars.” The old man smiled, “Does Mr. Luo Feng require anything else?”

“Not at the moment. Thanks.” Luo Feng didn’t even look at any other treasures.

The old man was a little disappointed but he still swiftly finished cashing the goods out, retrieving from a secret warehouse behind 30kg of Jade Marrow. It was only on Dragon Star, a shop in the core of hundreds of galaxies, would one be able to retrieve instantly such huge amount of goods. The lesser planets definitely couldn’t produce such amounts!

“This is the Jade Marrow, please keep it well sir.” The old man handed over a translucent glass bottle, in it, was a shiny green with bright sparkling silver of sorts liquid.

Just this bottle of liquid.

Who knew how many people died to collect this amount of this liquid! If converted to advanced level wargod fighters, it could buy over 10 million of them!

“Ok.” Luo Feng received the large translucent bottle, shua, it vanished.

This caused several other customers to be shocked into discussion after they witnessed the exchange.

Obviously…

This youth had a space storage ring!

“With the 30kg of Jade Marrow, I can help my human body quickly reach the Star Traveller level 7, the spirit reader side to reach Star level 1. Then, I’d be able to access the first bank account my teacher left for me.” Luo Feng was high in anticipation, “The remaining Jade Marrow, I can use to help Hong and Thunder God.”

30kg of Jade Marrow, Luo Feng definitely bought an adequate amount.

“Please take your time sir, we welcome you to shop here anytime.” The old man smiled, watching Luo Feng leave.

Luo Feng once again reached the slave market that wasn’t far from the treasure shop.

Within the slave market, it was still as crowded as ever!

The extremely beautiful female slaves capable of disrupting entire kingdoms only costed a total of several thousand Black Dragon dollars. A Student level 9 (advanced level wargod) fighter, was worth only about 20 Black Dragon dollars! Luo Feng could see tourists and travellers easily buying a few slaves all over the market.

“I need time to increase my own power!”

“And in the future, I would need more helping hands, I’ll be frequently leaving Earth too, there needs to be some servants in the house.” Luo Feng quickly made up his mind to buy a few slaves to bring back.

Very quickly, Luo Feng came to a rather powerful slave owner ‘s shopping center within the district.

Within the shopping center.

“Respectable sir, what slaves do you require? Be it beautiful or powerful, we have everything you would ever need.” A man as skinny as a monkey, with a pointy and huge nose, came up and easily recognized that Luo Feng was a client with buying power.

“Oh, I require some Star level slaves.” Luo Feng said.

“Ah!”

The man in charge became happy, smiling, “Please come over here, we have a large number of virtual images of slaves for you to slowly pick from! The prices are definitely reasonable and if you buy in bulk, we can even give you a better discount!” The Star level slave prices are more expensive, hence his happiness.

In the spacious guestroom.

A large virtual image appeared in front of Luo Feng, large numbers of physical appearances, body measurements and data, power and strength details, races and information all appeared, including price!

A Star level 5 fighter is worth 80 million, a Star level 7 fighter is worth 500 hundred million, level 8 is 2 billion, 9 is 5 billion. The spirit readers’ of the same level are 3 times that of the fighters. These are the standard pricings, unless one has a special ability, their price would thus be higher naturally!

For example, a Star level 9 spirit reader who was also a level 9 fighter!

“I want three of the Star level 5 spirit readers!” Luo Feng pointed at the screen, ” The Black Meng race.”

“Alright.” The man in charge happily recorded.

Each of them were worth 240 million black dragon dollars, the total was 720 million black dragon dollars.

It was big business!

His eye for customers wasn’t wrong, this youth was indeed a big client!

“The Black Meng star level 7 spirit readers, 3 of them!” Luo Feng continued.

The Black Meng race, their bodies were strong and sturdy, and they usually had more spirit readers.

According to Babata, the Black Meng slaves quality were not bad.

“Star level 7 spirit readers?” The man in charge was shocked, looking at Luo Feng, “Three?”

Every one of them was worth 1.5 billion black dragon dollars!

Three of them would mean 4.5 billion black dragon dollars!

Even the big families of the Dragon Star, it had be some kind of very important or big figure to be able to take out so much cash instantly. And heirs of big families hardly ever had so much cash on hand.

“Have you recorded it down?” Luo Feng looked over.

“Yes, I’ve recorded.” The man in charge was extremely excited, if he managed to close this deal, his reward would be plenty.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng nodded his head, “Can you give me a big discount?”

“9.5%! It’s definitely the biggest discount.” The man in charge’s sharp nose was shining.

“Alright, I would like a complimentary gift of ten level 1 Star levels, five fighters and five spirit readers, along with another one thousand Star Traveller level 9 spirit readers.” Luo Feng said.

“Sir!”

The man in charge made a face as if his parents just died. He immediately widened his eyes, “I can’t give you that much! You, you are simply asking for my life.”

Ten Star level 1 half fighters and spirit readers, would cost a total of 20 million Black Dragon dollars. One thousand Star Traveller level 9 spirit readers too would be worth one hundred million!

“One price.” Luo Feng looked at the man, “5 billion black dragon dollars, plus the little ‘extras’ I mentioned earlier.”

The man in charge was perspiring profusely, water beaded down from his pointy nose.

Calculations were going through his mind like crazy as if he was a calculator.

“Deal!” The man in charge gritted his teeth.

This deal still allotted a hefty amount of earnings for himself. The rest of the earnings would be split by the upper levels themselves!

“That’s good.”

Luo Feng nodded, “Black Meng Star level 5, Star level 7 spirit readers, three of each, along with five Star level 1 fighters, five Star level 1 spirit readers. Along with one thousand Star Traveller level 9 spirit readers! From the races, you can pick from the thirteen different races I’ve allotted.”

“No problem.” The man in charge nodded.

“I’ll place a deposit of 100 million Black Dragon dollars first! Later on, I’ll inform you to transport all the slaves to the planet’s docking bay. When that time comes, we’ll finish the deal there.” Luo Feng said.

“But of course.” The man in charge was all smiles.

Over a one thousand slaves, most of them would be delivered at the docking bay..

Luo Feng nodded…

There were a total of more than one thousand slaves, Earth’s aircraft carriers would easily hold up to a thousand, the black dragon ship had a total of three levels, a ship with a diameter of 100m, if they squeezed in, just one level could hold up to a thousand.

“After signing up at the Ganwu Dojo, I’ll leave Dragon Star with the slaves.” Luo Feng suddenly thought of the scene of him bringing such a big group of people back to Earth and couldn’t help but to reveal a weird smile!


Chapter 287: Ganwu Dojo

Leaving the slave market, Luo Feng swiftly headed towards his final destination on Dragon Star…the Ganwu dojo!

“Babata insists that I sign up at the Ganwu dojo.”

Luo Feng stood in front of a huge door over a city lake!

Yes!

This was a city within the city, the Ganwu Dojo on Dragon Star was the largest one within the surrounding one hundred galaxies, its level was also the highest. Many students gathered here. The entire territory of the dojo was an area of 280 squared km, one could only imagine it’s size!

“A golden leaf?” Luo Feng raised his head to look at the door of the dojo.

On the door, a flamboyant cursive writing of the words Ganwu Dojo was written with universe common language, also surrounding these words, there were golden leaf engravings.

At the door, students of the dojo were entering and leaving, there was no guard at all. Luo Feng followed a few others and entered the dojo.

“So many!”

“So huge!”

With a look, one could see the expanse of the huge plaza, blurred images or at least tens of thousands of students were sparring, engaging in group training. It was like a sea of people, giving off a strong visual sight to anyone looking, and there wasn’t one student who was below the star traveller level!

“It’s indeed the best Ganwu Dojo within a hundred galaxies.” Luo Feng complimented.

Within the Ganwu Dojo, before arriving, Babata had told Luo feng in detail!

This was a school for fighters and spirit readers from the Ganwu Empire, it attracts a large number of fighters and spirit readers! Also, the Ganwu Empire had, within its vast starfield and hundreds of millions of galaxies, restricted any other dojo from teaching!

The Ganwu Empire had only one Ganwu Dojo!

Of course if any Domain or Sector Lord was to teach his own disciples on his own planet, the Ganwu Empire wouldn’t bother!

However!

Domain Lords, Sector Lords and even Undying Beings! They were all restricted from building dojos on many of the planets, accepting disciples in bulk.

“This Ganwu Dojo, actually has three figures to represent them!” Luo Feng was looking at the three statues at the door!

They were three powerful human fighters!

The three humans were dressed in dark purple battle robes, and on their sleeves a golden leaf was embroidered.

One leaf Ganwu warrior!

“A Ganwu Dojo on a planet usually has three universe level teachers. The Ganwu Dojos in the Black Dragon Mountain Empire area usually have stronger teachers. If the Ganwu Empire, with its hundreds of millions of dojos were to come together…” Luo Feng exclaimed, “This Ganwu Dojo’s power is truly scary.”

Ganwu Dojo.

Star Traveller levels were normal students.

Star levels were deemed elite students, with the rights to actually apply to be instructors. On a few normal planets, these instructors ran the dojos.

The Universe level, would be deemed as Ganwu warriors, with a rank of 1 leaf!

The Domain Lords, a 2 leaf Ganwu warrior!

The Sector Lords, 3 leaf Ganwu warrior!

Hence in the Ganwu Dojo, to be able to gain the name of a Ganwu warrior, wearing an embroidered leaf on one’s sleeve, that was a huge honor itself.

“Your teacher’s biggest problem back then, was he was too solitary!”

“This was something even he admitted before his death, if he had joined a big power, like the Ganwu Empire, he could have mixed with the undying community in the Ganwu Empire. With that, the assassins wouldn’t have dared to attack him so directly.”

“Your teacher instructed!”

“Without sufficient power, mixing with a community is still better. One warrior would have three others to assist. What’s more in the Ganwu Empire’s territory, joining the dojo would make a lot of things very convenient in the future, plus…the dojo doesn’t have too many restrictions on its warriors. Sigh, your master back then…he was much too solitary…no friends, no community!”

Babata’s voice was forlorn and grieving.

Luo Feng sighed.

According to Babata’s depiction, his teacher was too reclusive.

Dragon Star, within the Ganwu dojo, an administrative office.

“Knock, knock, knock.” Luo Feng knocked on the door.

“Enter.” A forceful old voice sounded, the door automatically opened.

In the room sat a man with a head full of white, green skin and with eyebrows that stretched all the way down to his waist, the old man looked over, Luo Feng smiled, “I’m here to sign up.”

“Sign up?” The old man took a look.

“Di.”

Beside, the screen immediately displayed a list of information, Luo Feng’s name, nationality, power, etc.

“Your name is Luo Feng?” The old man nodded, “Star Traveller level 8 spirit reader? Black Dragon Mountain Empire citizen? Ok, registration fee is 800 Black Dragon dollars, in the future, you have to pay an annual fee of 10 Black Dragon dollars to continue receiving our Ganwu Dojo’s various student services.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

The Ganwu Dojo’s biggest site was actually within the virtual universe.

However, the virtual universe did have its own unavoidable detriments.

“This is 1000 Black Dragon dollars.” Luo Feng took out a big note of currency, “800 for the registration and another 20 years of usage.”

“Ok.”

The old man nodded, swiftly finishing the documents for Luo Feng.

The Ganwu Dojo was an important pathway for attracting countless numbers of warriors in the universe, hence, once you reach the most basic star traveller level, registration would go without any hitches! No tests or anything else…of course, if you weren’t a citizen from the Ganwu Empire, it would be more troublesome.

“Thanks.” Luo Feng smiled and left.

The information was already keyed in.

From that moment, Luo Feng had acquired the status of a student of the Ganwu Dojo. Doing certain things in the future naturally became easier and more convenient.

“Dragon Star’s Ganwu Dojo?” Luo Feng walked out of the entrance, looking back and smiling, “I’m afraid I may not have the chance to ever return here ever again.” Glancing at the tens of thousands of students who were engaged in group training, with regards to their techniques and methods, Luo Feng couldn’t care less about their teachings.

He had the secret techniques from Yun Mo Planet!

Maybe the Ganwu Dojo’s core secret techniques could surpass the Yun Mo Planet’s, however… even the Sector Lords within the dojo probably wouldn’t have access to such valuable information.

“Oh?” Outside the main entrance, a student looked suspiciously at the back silhouette of Luo Feng.

“What’s up, Wei Lin?” The other two asked curiously.

“That man before, resembles the punk with two spirit weapons we met at the restaurant.” Wei Lin squinted a little.

“Are you sure?” The other two said shocked.

“Yes definitely!”

Wei Lin’s mouth curled into a smile, “Hmph, since you’re from the Ganwu Dojo. That’s good, I’ll arrange something down the road, let’s find out more about this little punk! Hmph, you actually dared to humiliate me in that restaurant!”

Luo Feng was in the air in Dragon City, flying alongside others.

“Right.” Luo Feng was currently in contact with the slave owner.

“I’m departing immediately! Right, wait for me, we’ll rendezvous and leave together for the planet’s docking bay.” Luo Feng finished and the communicator on his arm that was controlled by Babata immediately stopped the call. Luo Feng immediately made another call to Gao Sheng’s number: “It’s me Luo Feng! Brother Gao Sheng, I’m leaving Dragon Star, no need, you don’t have to send me off! I’m leaving the city now.”

“Oh, next time then. The next time I come to Dragon Star I’ll definitely look for you.”

“Alright, we’ll meet in the virtual universe next time.”

After the two conversations were completed, Luo Feng swiftly headed to the northern district of the city to the planned rendezvous point with the slave owner!

……

In a private room of the sixth level of a restaurant 3km away from the northern city entrance.

“Mr. Luo Feng, this is our manager, he handles all the business here on Dragon Star.” The pointy nosed person in charge politely introduced.

Within the private room.

There stood a thin green haired man with ears that were slightly longer than usual, behind him were two bodyguards dressed in black uniforms, their bodies tall and sturdy!

“Luo Feng, those two bodyguards are Star level 9 spirit readers. The green haired man is a Star level 3 spirit reader.”

With Babata’s warning, Luo Feng remained calm and collected.

As the main manager of the business here on Dragon Star who controlled so many slaves, arranging the two strongest slaves to protect himself before the slaves were sold was a very normal thing to do.

“How are you Mr. Luo Feng, let me introduce myself, my name is Wula.” The green haired man smiled.

“Mr. Wula, very nice to meet you. If there aren’t any problems, I would like to leave immediately.” Luo Feng said directly.

“The client’s wish is our command.” The green haired man slightly bowed, smiling as he said, “The ship is already outside the city waiting.

Any ships entering Dragon Star from the universe were to be docked at the docking bay.

However, if a resident were to dock his ship in his own landing yard, or such slave owners with tens of thousands of connections, they could bring their many ships and battleships in without any problems.

A large ship was stopped right outside the city.

“Mr. Luo Feng, please.” The green haired man was very polite.

Following that, the man entered the spacious guest room of the ship along with Luo Feng, sitting opposite him, beautiful women immediately filled the table in front of them with delicacies.

“May I know where Mr. Luo Feng is from?” The green haired man asked curiously.

“My apologies, I do not wish to divulge.” Luo Feng said directly.

“Oh, I was impulsive, I hope Mr. Luo Feng doesn’t mind.” The green haired man expressed his apologies. For him to meet such a client with business reaching 5 billion, it was also a rare and lucky thing. After all the competition in the slave market was very intense, with many slave owners. Meeting such a straightforward big client, he was definitely highly respectful.

The slave owners were cold and brutal towards their slaves.

However to their clients, they were incomparably respectful!

“The ship has already reached the planet’s docking bay!”

A sound erupted within the ship.

Within the guest room, the green haired man immediately stood up, “Mr. Luo Feng, the ship has already arrived. Right now, we can begin the slave transfer! As it is the highest form of master recognition, from now on, we will be unable to ever regain control of these slaves. They will all only be controlled by you, and also, since there are over one thousand of them, the process could take a little longer.”

“Ok.” Luo Feng was anticipating the transfer.

Sixteen Star levels under him.

One thousand Star Traveller level 9 spirit readers, they were all just about to be transferred over.


Chapter 288: Returning to the Milky Way

“All the slaves are in the big hall in the second level below. Mr Luo Feng, please follow me.” The green haired man led the way.

This ship was even bigger than Luo Feng’s black dragon ship.

Of course, the material used was much weaker, this was a B grade ship. In the second level of the ship below was a very spacious hall with an area of over 100m. Within it stood either tall and sturdy, or grave and stern, and even beautiful and gorgeous slaves. If one didn’t mention anything, no one could tell from the appearances that these were all slaves.

After all, the weakest one was still a star traveller level 9 spirit reader, stronger than Luo Feng himself! How could their auras be weak?

“Mr. Luo Feng, please stand in front.” The green haired middle aged man said, “The entire process is going to take awhile.”

“No problem.”

Luo Feng walked in front of the big hall, looking at the slaves that were all standing at attention. One thousand Star Traveller level 9 slaves all gathered together, and sixteen star level slaves were standing the closest to Luo Feng.

“Di!”

A strange sound resounded.

Immediately, all of the eyes of the slaves lost their focus, and within the corner of the big hall, the green haired man was arranging for his underlings to swiftly manage their apparatuses, with one of them directed straight at Luo Feng, as though it was collecting all of his data. Minutes and seconds passed, slowly and gradually, the slaves’ eyes began to light up once again, regaining their focus.

About 12 minutes passed.

“Master!”

The group with over 1000 men and women, coming from different races, all neatly bowed together, respectfully recognizing their owner.

“Mr Luo Feng,” the green haired middle aged man brought over a silver case, face full of smiles, “Everything has been settled, within here is the 1016 slave’s controls for their microchips. One control for each chip, for each slave! The microchips are connected to the assisting computers and can be ordered and controlled through there.”

“The operation methods have been included in a detailed memory card with explanations within the case.” The middle aged man explained.

Luo Feng nodded.

With regards to these, Babata had already explained in detail to him long before.

“Mr. Wula, then I’ll immediately transfer the funds.” Luo Feng smiled.

Transferring the remainder of the funds straight into the slave shop’s account, the two had completed their deal.

“Haha.” Receiving the confirmation of the funds transfer, the green haired middle aged man immediately broke into smiles, “Mr. Luo Feng, it’s been a pleasure doing business with you, this is my virtual universe contact number. If you ever need or think of buying slaves again, please look for me. Whatever requests you have regarding the slaves, do mention them and I will definitely give you preferential treatment and discounts.” Finishing up, he passed over his name card.

“Definitely.”

After Luo Feng received it, he turned to look at the 1016 slaves.

“Follow me.” Luo Feng said.

“Yes, master.”

Three Star level 7 Black Mongolian spirit readers followed right behind Luo Feng, behind them were the other thirteen Star levels, finally behind them were the one thousand other slaves. Some of the slaves discussed in hushed voices, “Recognizing an owner once gives such a headache, looks like our new master has a big background and status, I hope our lives will be better.”

While the microchips were low in cost to make, their technology was incredibly advanced.

It was said that it was a piece of technology acquired from the human race battling the automaton race. The moment it melded with a living organism…that organism would be totally controlled. He would still have all his past memories, but a deep sense of loyalty towards his new owner would develop! Any smallest sense of disrespect would result in the microchip reacting adversely.

Hence…

In the vast universe, even after countless years, with the living microchips controlling the slaves, there hasn’t been a case of a slave betraying his owner.

Unless the slave becomes a domain lord, gaining the ability to resist the microchip, the strongest measure the chip can do is to detonate and blow one’s head off…for domain lord warriors, this wouldn’t kill them.

Dragon Star, the planet’s docking bay.

“Respected sir, we welcome you to visit Dragon Star again.” Dressed in a grey uniform, with a height of 2.8m, two horns on his head, green skin, the worker respectfully took Luo Feng’s docking card, watching as the majestic three star level 7 led the rest of the army into the black dragon ship.

The black dragon ship lifted, leaving the docking bay.

“Hu.”

This green skinned young man breathed a sigh of relief as the ship left, “A day hasn’t passed and he’s already leaving with such an army. And there’s even three star level 7 spirit readers!” The green skinned young man looked at his own mini quantum computer and the power assessor, feeling his blood rushing.

Sixteen star levels.

One thousand Star Traveller level 9s, this sort of army could easily conquer a normal planet.

……

Dragon Star space.

Black dragon ship control room.

Three Star level 5 and three star level 7 slaves were respectfully standing behind Luo Feng, and the other ten Star level 1 slaves were managing the one thousand Star Traveller level 9 slaves, the 1010 of them were staying in the lower and middle level of the black dragon ship.

“The ship has already left Dragon Star.”

On the control board’s screen, a small adorable demon head appeared, “Currently increasing speed.”

A moment later.

“There’s another 10 seconds before the ship reaches light speed, travelling through the universe.”

“8……7……6……5……4……3……2……1”

The ship gently vibrated.

It continued for 10 seconds.

“Travel complete, we’ve entered the dark space.”

It was only then that Luo Feng turned to look at the six Black Meng Star level slaves behind him, among the 1016 slaves that he bought, these were the six Black Meng race that were the most powerful. The other one thousand and ten slaves were picked from the thirteen races that he specified from, the one similarity from the thirteen other races was…their heights and appearances were close to that of Earth’s humans.

“Black Meng race.” Luo Feng looked at the six, four men and two women.

The Black Meng men were very handsome, the women too were very pretty, they looked close to that of Earth humans. The only difference was…within their mouths, they had fangs and their eyes were dark red.

“What are your names?” Luo Feng asked.

“Master,” One of the Star level 7 Black Mongolian women smiled, “My name translated to universe language is Aibolashadeniennidasina.”

“Master, my name is Weitiancikedenishentulade.” One of the black Meng men from the star level 7s who was more sturdy said.

“Master…”

The six reported their names one after another.

“My god.” Luo Feng was speechless.

The Black Meng names were really long.

“From today, whatever you call yourselves among yourselves doesn’t concern me.” Luo Feng immediately pointed to the sturdy star level 7 man, “I call you Meng one, you’ll be called Meng two and you Meng three.” With one breath, from Meng one to six, Luo Feng passed his order.

Amongst them Meng three and six were women.

“Yes Master.”

The six Black Mongolian humans happily complied, only giving a slight sense of helplessness as they looked at each other.

“You can all return to the cabin to rest.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes.” The six left.

Only Luo Feng was left in the control room, it’s large doors automatically closed.

“Babata, connect to the Virtual Universe Network.” Luo Feng ordered through his thoughts.

……

Virtual universe world, Black Dragon Mountain Island.

Large amounts of human traffic filled the posh and bustling streets, suddenly one person popped out, Luo Feng too appeared out of nowhere this way.

On his shoulder sat a large fist-sized little demon.

“Mr Luo Feng, we’ve discovered your Universe Galaxy Bank account, would you like to bind it here?” A voice resounded in his mind, gentle and relaxing.

“Bind it.” Luo Feng said.

The Universe Galaxy Bank account thus received a soul imprint.

This virtual universe, linked up consciousness and soul imprints.

“Babata, act according to the plan.” Luo Feng casually strolled to an old wine bar, ordering a glass of fruit juice and sitting in the corner.

“Luo Feng, I’ve searched, within 30 thousand light years of earth, there are many planets that fit your requirements to be our second base!” Babata said.

“Oh?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

Earth was the homeland, he would definitely work hard to become its owner, hence Earth was naturally his first base!

However…

Because of the Yun Mo Planet master entering the dark space back then, using his space technique to hide Earth and it’s surrounding 1000 light years, the difficulty of finding these hidden markers was extremely high. Even Undying Beings could hardly do it. Thus, besides Babata who was able to easily locate this hidden markers. Other ships had absolutely no way to reach Earth directly!

They could only slowly fly!

And in the future when Luo Feng purchases more metals, etc, to allow the other party to send them to Earth was impossible. Thus… they needed to find a second base! This second base was the land for Luo Feng to receive the large amounts of metal in the future, an important place for him to meet and communicate with the other people from the universe.

“As close to Earth as possible.”

“As cheap as possible.”

“As small a population on the planet as possible.”

“As big of a warehouse as possible.”

Luo Feng said.

He required a large warehouse! In the universe, there were many such transport and storage services.

Be it unsuitable agriculture, or terrain that was more uninhabitable, these places were usually converted to large warehouses.

“Luo Feng, I’ve found one on the network, it seems not bad. Bai Lan Star, a planet in the milky way, about 1.180 thousand light years from earth. It receives very low temperatures throughout the year, it’s coldest regions reach 120 degrees below zero. The warmest places too are still about 10 degrees below zero. The entire planet’s population is 2.1 billion, because of its low temperatures, they all mostly live in the cities.”

“In Bai Lan Star’s cold regions, there are about 98 km long, 61 km wide warehouse bases. They are just about to give up and sell their business, this warehouse eternal deed is priced at 800 million Silverblue dollars.” Babata said, “After that, every year just requires 600 thousand Silverblue dollars to pay the manager.”

Luo Feng’s eye’s lit up.

98km long, 61km wide, such a big warehouse? It was definitely the place for interstellar shipments, it was huge!

This sort of warehouse was mostly made out of ship remains mixed with things like debris, while it may seem big, the costs for building such a warehouse…definitely wouldn’t exceed 100 million Silverblue dollars. Expensive, but only on the land itself. Of course for such extremely cold regions, there was no point in building places and communities for humans to live.

To be sold at this price was not bad.

“Alright, Babata, contact the people in charge on the Bai Lan Star.” Luo Feng said immediately.

From then, the discussions lasted more than 3 hours.

Finally, the manager from Bai Lan Star agreed, with 800 thousand Black Dragon dollars, (Government price, 1 Black Dragon dollar = 1000 Silverblue dollars, the worth of the black dragon dollar was actually even higher) the price for buying the eternal deed for the warehouse base, along with deducting 500 years of management fees. The Black Dragon dollar was worth a lot more than the Silverblue dollar, normal citizens of the planet may not even earn 1 Black Dragon dollar in a year.

……

Days passed.

Nine days later.

“We are just about to arrive at Bai Lan Star marker, 320 seconds later we will travel through universes.” Within the black dragon ship, Babata shouted from the control board’s screen.

Luo Feng was all smiles.

The Bai Lan Star was really close to Earth, only ten thousand light years and a little more, with the black dragon ship’s speed, it only took a day for him to fly to and fro from Earth to the Bai Lan Star.


Chapter 289: Luo Feng’s Future Home

Milky Way, Bai Lan Star.

As one of the millions of life planets in the Silverblue Empire with less than satisfactory conditions for life, the managers sent to this planet to manage definitely were people without any background in the Silverblue Empire.

Bai Lan Star northern district. An extremely cold region.

Buildings of warehouses were scattered all over the ice frozen land, every warehouse was built and designed beautifully. And at that time, in front of one of the bigger warehouses, there was a silver white ship parked there.

“Bureau chief, when will that client arrive, we’ve been waiting here for half a day already.” Within the ship, 10 workers were sitting close together.

“I say, bureau chief. Since the contracts have been signed and the money has been paid, there’s no real need for all of us to personally come down to welcome this client, wouldn’t letting some of the workers just do it be enough? For our entire department to come out, aren’t we giving him too much face?” Another middle aged man said slowly as he lifted his hot drink.

For this whole group of people to take a ship and come out together, on Bai Lan Star this was an excessive oddity, one could just guess how high their positions were on the planet. And this bureau chief was even one of the planet’s biggest bosses.

“What’s the hurry?”

The bureau chief with big fat ears grunted angrily, saying seriously after, “You bunch of idiots, to prevent you all from creating trouble for me later, I’ll explain to you all now. Do you know…in the Virtual Universe Network, when I signed the deal with this client and the contract went through, do you know which bank his money is coming from?”

“Which bank?”

“Noether Bank?”

“Bula Galaxy bank?”

The other workers reported several other bigger well renowned banks.

“It’s the Universe Galaxy Bank!” The bureau chief with big fat ears said seriously.

Silence!

The group of workers who were originally casually sipping on their hot drinks all looked dumbfounded at their chief.

Universe Galaxy Bank!

That was a bank that was dedicated to serving only the upper echelon of people, powerful warriors in the universe, to be able to open an account with that bank, the conditions were…the storage amount had a minimum of 100 million Black Dragon dollars! 100 million Black Dragon dollars, converted to Silverblue dollars, was more than a trillion Silverblue dollars. The richest of the rich of several normal planets was only about that much, and on Bai Lan Star, the richest was only worth a little over 600 hundred million Silverblue dollars.

Hence, the Universe Galaxy Bank usually only operated in the higher and middle level civilizations and empires, places such as the important Dragon Star and several other planets, along with several other branches around in the universe countries.

“Universe Galaxy Bank?”

“My god.”

“Is it real?”

The group of workers exchanged looks, dumbfounded. Even the richest on their planet Bai Lan Star had no rights to reach the bare minimum of the Universe Galaxy Bank! And that richest person already commands enough respect and flattery from the management group’s upper levels. The administrative officials, army officials, no matter how much they worked, they couldn’t even compare to a planet’s richest.

“So all of you better be careful!” The bureau chief ordered.

“Understood.”

“Relax chief, we will definitely make the client extremely satisfied.”

“Definitely no problems.”

The originally casual group seemed to liven up by a hundred times.

“Beep! Chief Ba Te, the client has arrived. The message has come in!” a voice resounded within the ship.

“Alright.”

The fat headed big eared bureau chief immediately stood up, serious and ready.

“Bai Lan Star’s chief Ba Te, how are you, I am Luo Feng,” The message’s voice resounded.

“How do you do, Mr Luo Feng, I am Ba Te, I’m currently outside the warehouse base that you bought”. The chief’s face was all smiles, saying, “Also Mr Luo Feng, you don’t have to stop your ship at the planet’s docking bay, as a guest who owns property here on the planet, you can fly your ship here directly to the warehouse base.”

“I’ll be there immediately!”

The message ended.

“Hurry!” The chief looked fiercely at the workers under him, “Leave the ship immediately and welcome Mr Luo.”

“Yes, chief!”

Whether they were big bellied, or old and unstable, this group of old men immediately became extremely determined.

……

On the land outside the warehouse.

Eighteen upper level officials from the planet administration, including the chief bureau, the vice chief and sixteen other important members, in the cold weather, dressed in warm thick clothing, stood looking around in anticipation! One must know that such a desolate place had temperatures of negative 90 degrees.

“Here he comes.”

The eighteen men’s eye’s lit up.

In the distance, a black ship appeared, almost immediately reaching the warehouse and slowly descending.

“This ship’s logo is that of a black dragon, could it be a universe ship from the Black Dragon Mountain Empire?” as personnel from the lower planet Bai Lan Star of the Silverblue Empire, to face such a big person from the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, they all naturally felt humbled.

“It’s a black dragon mountain x series!”

“Pure black? It’s from the black dragon mountain x series luxury series?” One of the younger members said shocked, “The black dragon mountain x series cheapest is about 600 million Black Dragon dollars for one ship, the more luxurious ships’ prices go up to even 10 billion Black Dragon dollars! Pure black! It’s an expensive pure black color!”

This particular ship enthusiast was extremely poor.

But that didn’t stop his interest in the different series, expensive and different types of ships.

“10 billion Black Dragon dollars?”

“This ship is worth 10 billion black dragon dollars?” the other members said shocked.

“10 billion? And in Black Dragon dollars?”

The fat headed big eared chief choked on his own saliva!

My god!

Even in the Silverblue Empire’s most wealthy, most advanced and most powerful places…the empire’s main planet! To be able to ride a ship worth 10 billion, only the most upper echelons, the biggest business owners in the Black Dragon Mountain Empire could afford something like that. These sort of people could easily remove the lower planet Bai Lan Star’s poor management staff.

“Du!”

The cabin door opened!

Eighteen Bai Lan Star staff stood at attention, putting on their most enthusiastic smiles and watching the entrance of the ship.

Hu! Hu!

People flew out neatly one after another, powerful warriors continuously streamed out of the ship.

“This, this…”

“They are all Star Traveller level 9 spirit readers.” Lowering their heads and looking at their assisting computer scans, shocked.

A majestic total of one thousand Star Traveller level 9 spirit readers flew out.

“My god.”

“This could easily level our Bai Lan Star.”

The bureau chief and others felt their legs shiver, even their hearts tremble.

Their planet’s strongest was only a Star level 1 fighter. However against one thousand Star Traveller level 9 spirit readers surrounding and attacking, he would definitely die immediately.

“Star level 1, one, two, three of them…”

“Look, Star level 5s.”

Another group of people came out.

Over one thousand of them lined up in two rows, like a group of soldiers, awaiting their master!

After…

Dressed simply, Luo Feng followed out under the close protection of three Star level 7 bodyguards, flying out of the cabin door.

“7, 7, 7, level 7??? Star level 7? And spirit readers?” The staff all lowered their heads and looked at their scanners, feeling their throats go dry. There were a total of three star level 7 spirit readers and body guards…This Star Traveller level 8 youth, just where did he come from?

……

Luo Feng flew out from the cabin door, looking at the eighteen people welcoming him.

“Which of you is Chief Ba Te?” Luo Feng said.

“That’s me, I am Bai Lan Star’s business administrative bureau chief Ba Te.” The fat headed big eared chief stepped forward with utmost respect.

My god!

To be able to command such a scary force, with a total of three Star level 7 spirit readers! Even the emperor of the Silverblue Empire didn’t have such treatment. The one thousand Star Traveller level 9 didn’t even shake them as much as the three Star level 7s. After all, one Star level 7 spirit reader’s price alone far exceeded that of the one thousand Star Travellers combined.

“Mr. Luo, let me introduce you to some of the capabilities of the warehouse base.”

“Mr. Luo Feng, please look here, the entire warehouse base is solid and sturdy, they have the defensive capabilities of even a interstellar battleship. Be it earthquakes, etc, they wouldn’t even be scratched.” Chief Ba Te enthusiastically introduced, joking, the base was after all built from using a large amounts of battleship remains.

It was indeed solid and sturdy, definitely not weak at all.

……

A length of 98km, width of 61km, about 6000km area, a huge warehouse! It definitely made people tremble.

In the center area of the warehouse base, there was a residential area, with an area of about 3km.

“This is…” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up.

“This is a residential area, should the warehouse base ever need any workers, or guards. They can live here! This area is very old, Mr. Luo Feng can demolish it and reconstruct it altogether.” The fat headed big eared chief threw a glance behind, from behind a fair blonde youth walked up, pressing his wrist computer.

Di!

A virtual image immediately appeared in mid air, displaying villas one after another.

“Mr. Luo Feng, if you need any villas, you can pick any you want.” Chief Ba Te said enthusiastically, “These villas are easily dismantled, they are solid and can keep one warm, as long as we send the different parts of the villas from far away here, we can assemble one within a short amount of time.”

“Move, dismantle, and assemble?” Luo Feng was interested.

On Earth, there were movable residential areas too.

However, the technology and advancement was far behind compared to a developed planet.

“Are there even bigger living areas?” Luo Feng said as he looked at the virtual image.

“Even bigger?” The chief was taken aback.

Beside him, the fair blonde youth said: “The bigger ones are manors, even castles of sorts. However to send the parts over require things from other planets. They would take more time and are more expensive.”

“This is a manor, it takes up an area of 10 thousand to 100 thousand squares. These are the main construction dimensions, as for the courtyard…it can be however big you want it to be.”

“These are the castles, they can take up from 500 thousand to 5 million squares.”

Looking at the castles, Luo Feng felt more satisfied.

“Oh, give me two of the castles.”

“This ones which take up one million squares and has nine levels, two of them.” Luo Feng said.

Back on Earth, the little villas were obviously insufficient.

Afterall he had over one thousand servants!

And the building process on Earth was simply too slow, this sort of movable, dismantling and assembly type castles, even if he brought it back to Earth, he could rely on his over one thousand servants to swiftly assemble and finish them.

“This Bai Lan Star, is going to be my future hub for contact with the universe, also my second base, I have to have a castle here.”

“Earth is my root, hence I definitely need a castle there too.”

Luo Feng pondered.


Chapter 290: Returning to Earth

“Two castles?”

The chief and the group of the men cleared their throats, this level of wealth definitely wasn’t something they could imagine. The richest on Bai Lan Star could at most build one castle for themselves. To require buying such a lavish and movable castle, his capital must obviously be extremely high.

“The style of the castle can be picked, the interior design too. And the castle itself, it’s priced according to the materials used.” The fair blonde youth said, Luo Feng was quickly going through the images and picking, within a short time, he had picked the style, interior design and the materials for the castle.

“Two castles at 1.2 billion Silverblue dollars each, a total of 2.4 billion Silverblue dollars. If you use Black Dragon dollars to pay, you can get a 8% discount, at 1.92 million Black Dragon dollars!” The blond fair youth said, his voice quivering slightly.

Such a huge sum.

2.4 billion Silverblue dollars, it was more expensive than the entire warehouse base.

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded.

These two villas were made from B grade battleship parts, especially the core master bedroom and some other important rooms, they were built using C grade alloys and mixed metals. They were all accorded for important and respectable guests.

After the business managers all left, Luo Feng returned to the black dragon ship.

After all, the warehouse base’s residential area was cold and old and degraded, far from the comfortable interiors of the ship.

“Babata, enter the virtual universe.” Luo Feng sat within a comfortable resting room in the black dragon ship.

……

Virtual universe, Ganwu Empire, Black Dragon Mountain Island.

Luo Feng was alone, sitting in the corner of a wine bar, conversing with Babata with his thoughts.

“Babata, begin ordering, buying the metals.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Buy which combination?” Babata asked.

“I’m currently relying on the Jade Marrow and Mu Ya crystals to assist me, I believe it’ll take the most half a year for my body to reach the Star Traveller level 7! And my spirit reader side to reach Star level 1. I’ll be able to access the bank account my teacher left for me. So…Buy half a year of metals, the price mustn’t exceed 10 billion Black Dragon dollars.” Luo Feng said in his mind.

The metals used for the Golden Horned Beast’s consumption was his greatest expense.

It was only at the Star level now, the most expensive and best metal combinations would take over 60 billion Black Dragon dollars in a year!

training was even more demanding and scary, Luo Feng couldn’t even begin to worry it about it at the moment.

“Alright.” Babata swiftly searched.

“Luo Feng, I’ve already determined. There are two sets of metal combinations, for half a year of swallowing, one requires 6.28 billion Black Dragon dollars, increasing your evolution speed by 39 times. The other is 10.22 billion Black Dragon dollars! Increasing your speed by 51 times, the second combination exceeds the 10 billion limit, you decide.”

“The second combination.” Luo Feng didn’t even hesitate.

“Ok, then I’ll place the order, the delivery address will be Bai Lan Star?”

“Yes, Bai Lan Star!”

He swiftly settled all his matters.

Back when he sold his level 3 spirit weapon arc cutter knife and received 180 billion Black Dragon dollars, buying slaves used up 5 billion of it, buying the Jade Marrows used up 200 million, and the castles, warehouse bases didn’t even really add up to much compared to the others. Now buying so much metals, his remaining total stood at 2.5 billion Black Dragon dollars.

“Babata, buy the purple light drink!” Luo Feng said.

“Really?” Babata couldn’t help but ask.

“Right.” Luo Feng nodded.

There were many treasures in the universe that were beneficial to the body.

The more beneficial it was, the price too would naturally be more shocking! Just like the Jade Marrow that Luo Feng bought before which is beneficial for the Star Traveller level body, 1gram was 9000 dollars! For the Student level fighters, things similar to the spirits of nature these playthings, these were priced at about a thousandth of the Jade Marrow!

And the purple light drink Luo Feng intended to buy, it’s price was cheap, it was a common drink in several wealthy families. It was sold in the kilograms.

1kg was worth 10 Black Dragon dollars!

“Babata are you sure? 15 mg of purple light drink can make a high level student of Earth to evolve to a Student level 1?” Luo Feng asked again.

“Relax, definitely no problem! You are buying something which was meant for high level students, these are people who aren’t even at the Student level 1! Too good a treasure and their bodies won’t be able to absorb it. For their type of bodies, 15 mg of the purple light drink will definitely have amazing results.” Babata said, “You haven’t even made money relying on Earth and now you are spending so much on them.”

“Just buy, buy…100 000 tons of purple light drink!” Luo Feng said.

“So much? You sure?”

“Sure!”

Luo Feng nodded.

The density of the purple light drink was lower than water, 15mm of it was about 10g. One kilogram of purple light drink could make a hundred of the higher level students become fighters! One ton would mean one hundred thousand people! One hundred thousand tons was enough for ten billion people to become fighters!

“Being strong alone won’t be enough to make the people of Earth rise up, the only way is to make everybody get strong together.”

“However, what I can do is only push and support from the side! The real hard work would still have to be from the countless people on Earth.” Luo Feng thought to himself.

The number of fighters on Earth was too little, far too little!

An ordinary person compared to the number of fighters was about 10000:1, hence, the total number of fighters on Earth was just about 1 million.

The number of higher leveled students were many though.

Even though in a high school there were only about three high level students, the ratio was still about one thousand to one, the dojo higher level students majority were all above 20 years old! On Earth, normal people and dojo higher level students had a ratio of one hundred to one, this was why many give up and feel there’s no hope.

One hundred to one, I want to make every dojo’s higher level students become fighters! This way, of Earth’s 7 billion people, there will be 70 million fighters!”

“With people knowing that reaching a higher level student would allow them to become fighters, they would definitely work much harder for it.”

“Maybe the ratio would get better too, out of 50 people one of them might reach the higher level student!”

Luo Feng anticipated!

The number of fighters on Earth, the moment it reaches the hundreds of millions! One must know, fighters could absorb energy from the universe, when that happens, they will gradually evolve. With such a big group of humans evolving, it would result in the entire human species on Earth undergoing a huge evolution! Maybe in 20 years time, the number of fighters would increase even more, in a few hundred years, everyone on Earth may be fighters!

Reaching maturity would mean reaching the Student level 1 fighter!

This was the first step Luo Feng had envisioned for Earth!

……

“I’ve already purchased.”

“One hundred thousand tons of purple light drink, because of the large quantity, I’ve found out of the many dealers one with the biggest discount, 8%! The total is 800 million Black Dragon dollars!” Babata said.

“Ok.”

Luo Feng nodded.

One hundred thousand tons, it could be used for 10 billion higher level students in the dojos! The total number of people on Earth right now wasn’t even 7 billion, this much of the drink could last for a long time.

That night.

An interstellar transport ship reached Bai Lan Star, delivering two movable castles’ parts, according to Luo Feng’s request. Only one castle was fully assembled, the other was broken down to its parts. After 20 minutes, the nine levels which took up an area of 1km was complete.

……

On the second day of Luo Feng’s arrival on Bai Lan Star, the first order’s ‘s big batch of metals was delivered. (Luo Feng’s order of metals was ordered from three different sources.)

……

On the third day of his arrival on Bai Lan Star, one hundred thousand tons of purple light drink was delivered.

……

As some metals were more expensive and rare, the delivery came from further and more distant places.

On the sixth day, all of the metals were delivered.

And in the process, Luo Feng also took the opportunity to sell some of the 92.8 billion tons of black iron he dug out from Mars before to these metal owners, selling about 90 billion tons. One ton of black iron was priced at 0.0032 Black Dragon dollars, if they were sold in Silverblue dollars, it would fetch about 4 Silverblue dollars. The price was in the tens of billions in Silverblue dollars. Finally, Luo Feng managed to collect over 20 million Black Dragon dollars.

If he hadn’t sold the arc cutter knife.

His initial earnings from that of Mars would indeed have been a huge reward.

After all, 10 Star level 1 fighter slaves was worth only 10 million Black Dragon dollars.

On the seventh day on Bai Lan Star.

“From today on, you’ll be stationed here! If anything pops up, you can contact me through the Virtual Universe Network!” Luo Feng said.

“Yes master!”

A Star level 1, and one hundred Star Traveller level 9 spirit readers complied to the order. This group would thus become Luo Feng’s second base’s guards.

Luo Feng turned around and ordered: “Let’s go!”

Commanding fifteen Star levels and the other nine hundred level 9 Star Travellers , he swiftly boarded the black dragon ship! As for the large amounts of metals, and the other movable castle and it’s large amounts of components, they were all stored in Babata’s storage space.

……

The black dragon ship left Bai Lan Star, travelling through universes and headed straight for Earth.

Eight hours later.

“What’s up, the ship is circling around?”

In the control room, Luo Feng asked.

On the control screen, Babata’s head appeared, “We’ve already reached the dark space where Earth is, however, the marker is currently camouflaged by your teacher’s space technique from before. I need to orbit without any errors for about 5 minutes to determine the real universe marker.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Space technique?

That was too distant for himself! The secret techniques from Yun Mo Planet that he was studying right now didn’t even have any space techniques, obviously it wasn’t something he was capable of studying now.

……

Five minutes later.

In the Solar System’s vast space, a strange wave rippled in the space, a dark black disc-shaped ship appeared through it just like that.

The universe travel was a success!

“We are back!” Luo Feng looked at the distant green and blue planet in the space, his heart excited.

Without leaving Earth, how would he be able to fully comprehend the feeling of missing home.

This green and blue planet!

That was his real root!

“Earth, I’ve returned.” Luo Feng said passionately.

“Babata, let’s return to Earth.” Luo Feng shouted.

“Right!” Babata shouted back loudly.

The black ship increased its speed in the limitless space, heading towards the green and blue planet swiftly!

Earth, China headquarter city, it was currently nighttime.

A middle aged man with the rank of general was resting on his house’s sofa, accompanying his family as they watched television, suddenly his phone rang.

“Hm?” The general lifted the phone, shocked.

It was Luo Feng!

He was China’s current main contact point for Luo Feng.

“How are you Mr. Luo Feng.” The general answered the call, swiftly heading to the room beside.

“General Wang, I’d really like for an area of land that’s a more than 1km in area within Yangzhou city.” Luo Feng’s voice resounded from the phone.

“No problem, I’ll let you know within half an hour.” The general said without hesitation.

“Thanks, also three days from now in the morning at 9am, China’s timezone, I would like to gather the upper echelons of every country and headquarter city to Yangzhou to have an important meeting that concerns the evolution of Earth’s population.” Luo Feng said.

The general was shocked.

He didn’t care much that Luo Feng wanted some land, it was only an area of 1km. It didn’t mean much to the country. A larger company headquarters alone was that size! Even in China, just like Luo Feng’s wife’s family the Xu Family, they own that much land.

However…

A meeting?

Every country, every headquarter city’s upper echelon to participate?

“Why is Luo Feng doing this? Why do we need such a high leveled important meeting for?” While the general was suspicious, he didn’t dare to ask too much.

In the eyes of the entire world currently, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were constantly together, like three good brothers, and they were at the peak of Earth’s strength!

“Understood, I’ll let the senior official know.” The general said.

“Ok.”

Luo Feng hung up.

At this time, Luo Feng had just entered Earth’s atmosphere, without even reaching home yet, he quickly made that call.


Chapter 291: Setting the Plan

Earth, China, Jiang-Nan headquarter city Yangzhou city.

Yangzhou City’s most posh and bustling little district, was without question the West Lake Courtyard. This courtyard took up a vast space, the appearance of the river flowing was also modeled to pre Great Nirvana period when it was the Shou West Lake, on the sides of this remodeled river, the people had grown lots of trees.

The entire West Lake Courtyard had a total of twelve luxurious villas.

Afterall…

Even in the headquarter city era, status still existed, these twelve houses, if they didn’t have any connections with the military, they would just simply have large amounts of wealth, having power and authority in society.

“Immediately!”

“Take all the important items and documents and leave swiftly, after 15 minutes, the entire West Lake Courtyard shouldn’t exist.”

“Hurry, hurry, hurry!”

“Faster!”

Vehicle after vehicle swiftly transported the families’ important items. In mid air, three disc shaped battle ships were floating above, rushing them! The twelve families previously high in authority and position were a sorry figure as they were forced to leave quickly.

“My god, it’s actually the highest senior official giving the order.”

“While the territory we own here at West Lake Courtyard is big, the main district, the Jiang-Nan Mountain River sector has a bigger piece of land than ours. Why are they forcing us out?” Within the many luxurious cars, the important people from the families were feeling a sense of injustice and dissatisfaction. They however didn’t dare to rebuke, after all, they must have guessed by now…

This order, came straight from China’s highest authority!

……

When Luo Feng’s ship appeared in the air above the West Lake Courtyard sector, the entire district, except for the army personnel welcoming him, was empty.

“Very high efficiency, my call ended less than half an hour ago! Also, giving me the best place, the West Lake Courtyard…”

Forty five minutes later.

Two cars left Mingyue sector, reaching West Lake Courtyard.

“Daddy, these three words are West Lake Courtyard, right?” In the car, Luo Feng was hugging his two sons on his lap, Luo Hai, the younger son pointed out at the district entrance’s big four words. This year, Ping Ping and Little Hai were 3 years old, under the tutelage of Xu Xin and their grandparents, they had already begun to recognize many Chinese words.

They even memorized many Tang poems and Song characters. “Right, Little Hai is so clever.” Luo Feng gave him a peck on the cheek.

“Daddy, why are we here?” Ping Ping asked.

“Right, Luo Feng, you haven’t told us why we have come to West Lake Courtyard.” Xu Xin, who was sitting beside asked.

“You’ll find out in a moment.” Luo Feng smiled.

In the car behind were his parents and little brother and his wife, they too were clueless.

Entering West Lake Courtyard, the car followed around the grass patch, Luo Feng and the rest of his family could clearly see the Shou West river, along with the willow trees on the river sides swaying in the breeze, the scenery here at West Lake Courtyard was indeed beautiful. And in the distance in the tallest grass patches, was what was supposed to be twelve luxurious villas.

And now!

A castle that was up to 60m tall, taking up an area of 1km, it was a castle from the fairytales! The walls were decorated with plants and vines, covering a good half of the walls, as though they had been growing for years.

“This…”His younger brother Luo Hua was shocked.

“When did Yangzhou have this castle built?” His father Luo Hong Guo too was very shocked, “Such a high castle, we should have noticed it when it was in construction.”

“Right, and the surrounding walls are covered in vines that seem to have been growing for a very very long time.” Luo Hua nodded.

“And the twelve villas?” Xu Xin was extremely suspicious, “I even made a call this afternoon to a business partner, he was living here in West Lake Courtyard.”

Luo Feng smiled.

Twelve villas?

They were all directly absorbed into the storage space ring, that was the quickest dismantling option. And this castle! With the help of almost one thousand servants working together, the assembly time was even faster than what the initial description from the seller mentioned, after all, all of the servants, the lowest of them was still at least a star traveller level 9, their combined force was shocking.

They didn’t need any machinery, using just their physical strength to move things, carry things, was extremely swift!

And the vines on the walls, these were special popular vine decorations from the universe.

“Open the door.” Luo Feng looked at the castle, shouting.

“Rumble!”

The big entrance doors of the castle opened, a large number of neatly dressed uniformed servants swiftly ran out, the vast team of servants shocked Gong Xin Lan, Luo Hong Guo, Luo Hua and Zhen Nan, Xu Xin and finally the two children.

“Hua!”

Close to one thousand warriors neatly lined up, all bowing slightly towards Luo Feng, saying in unison, “Master!”

These slaves didn’t know Earth’s languages, hence Luo Feng installed a translator in everyone of their microchips, translating universe language to Mandarin, English, French, etc, to the various languages of the world! In the universe, these microchips were very normal.

These slaves’ prices were very high, naturally the slave owner prepared them with the best basic microchips.

They could even converse through their thoughts through the microchips.

Whatever they wanted to say made the chips react and speak in Earth languages with a robotic tone.

“This is?”

“This…” Xu Xin and the group of people were stunned.

“These are servants for our family, and also our family’s guards.” Luo Feng said, “As for details, I’ll let you know in awhile. Come, let’s go in and take a look. This castle, is also a part of the rewards from my leaving for a month.”

This was actually something prepared for the luxurious and extravagant in the universe, just looking at it, be it the old or young, everyone naturally liked this castle.

……

The second morning, the red burning sun rose from the east, two beams of light flew towards Yangzhou from far away.

“This is the castle the third brother mentioned in the call? It’s like seeing a ghost!” In mid air, the white clothed bald Thunder God saw the imposing enormous castle in Westlake Courtyard, a little dumbfounded.

“Hm?” Dressed in black, Hong surveyed it from above, smiling, “third brother’s rewards from this trip must be pretty good.”

“We must definitely give him a good knocking!” Thunder God rushed first towards the castle.

“Haha.” Hong too followed behind.

The entire castle’s automated defense system was extremely advanced, however Luo Feng had long given Thunder God and Hong access as friends, hence the two could rush in without being attacked.

“Big brother, second brother, quickly come here.”

Luo Feng shouted from one of the castle’s high balconies.

“Whoosh! Whoosh!”

Hong and Thunder God landed on the balcony.

“Third brother, you actually disappeared for a month, you…” Thunder God seemed to have eaten an angry pill or something.

“Dear second brother, if you don’t shut up, I won’t be telling you the information and news from my hazardous and hard first journey into the universe.” Luo Feng mocked.

Thunder God’s expression froze.

Hong too looked shocked.

Entered the universe?

“Third brother, no, dear third brother, I’m in the wrong, I’m in the wrong.” Thunder God’s eyes lit up.

Luo Feng smiled: “Let’s talk inside.”

Inside the castle.

“You two have entered the Yun Mo Planet, you must know that before, I was the only disciple of the Yun Mo Planet. Hence, I naturally acquired my own AI assistant.” Luo Feng said.

“You and big brother both have your own AI support, only I don’t.” Thunder God muttered.

Hong said: “Continue listening to Luo Feng.”

“In archeological ruin #12, I discovered a black ship, that black ship’s laser pathway…was still completely functional, obviously it’s power supply was still working, without much damage.” Luo Feng emphasized, “So, with the help of the AI support, I’ve repaired it, and can now travel throughout the universe.”

Thunder God and Hong’s eyes lit up.

They too had acquired quite a bit of knowledge from the universe, they knew what travelling through the universe meant.

“After travelling through the universe, I headed for a planet that was 320,000 light years from Earth…Dragon Star.” Luo Feng began to talk about the experience. Except for information regarding the Yun Mo Planet’s master, the treasures he left behind for him, the bank accounts and other special specific information, Luo Feng didn’t hide anything else from the two.

With one breath, he finished the story.

Thunder God and Hong were dumbfounded by the news!

From the wreckages and ruins, the 2 had found out before about how a star level in the universe was an absolute warrior. That was why Hong and Thunder God worked so hard to try and become star levels, with the power to protect their own planet. However, after hearing what Luo Feng said…

In the vast universe, Star Travellers could barely scrape a meal to eat! Star levels too were only higher leveled exponents!

Didn’t they just see Luo Feng easily buying so many slaves?

“So many slaves.” Thunder God muttered.

“Sixteen star levels?” Hong could feel it too, as though sixteen mountains were standing right in front of him, “And Star level 7s!”

“Regarding the purple light drink, I thought about it that way, first and second brother, what do you say?” Luo Feng looked at the both of them.

“Luo Feng, you are doing the right thing.” Hong nodded, his forehead filled with beads of perspiration, “Hearing you speak like that, I too feel a tremble! Our Earth, is indeed nothing but a drop of water in the vast universe, something too small to be noticed! Just relying on the three of us would be hard, very hard, hence we need to rely on strengthening the entire race.”

“Yes.” Thunder God nodded profusely.

“The 100,000 tons of this purple light drink, I’ll arrange for them to be distributed to the countries’ governments once every decade.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows slightly, “However…my slave and guard situation, should I let the other countries know now? I’m still wondering!”

“This…” Thunder God hesitated.

The slave and guard army that Luo Feng owned was simply too overpowering, especially the three strongest Star level 7 slaves, they were much stronger than even the swallowing beast before! Just any one of them could easily decimate Earth! This invincible enormous power, whether to let the governments of the other countries know… that was indeed a dilemma!

“We cannot say anything at the moment.” Hong’s expression was serious, emphasizing, “Since you, Luo Feng, have decided to let everybody know the truth of the brutality of the universe and it’s true face, also giving them the purple light drink…if you let them feel that there’s such a powerful force protecting and guarding them, they won’t feel the sense of urgency and danger, the efficiency would be greatly diminished. Only if we let them feel the danger, can we work together to find a way to increase the number of fighters, accelerating Earth’s humans’ evolution speed!”

“I agree.” Thunder God nodded.

“Ok.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Luo Feng was now completely clear on what to do for the world summit of leaders a day from now.


Chapter 292: The Universe Scout Ship Has Arrived

China time, Oct 29th, 8.30.

The weather was cool and refreshing this autumn.

The West Lake Courtyard had turned into the center of the entire world this day, armies and soldiers had been standing guard since early in the morning, the security surrounding the entire street was extremely strict. Fighter jets from the various countries and headquarter cities were landing in the Courtyard’s grass patch, the leaders of the five great countries had all gathered in this place.

This was all because one of the three strongest in the world, Luo Feng, was holding an important meeting here today.

Luo Feng’s strongest servant and guard team however, were all waiting in the west wing of the castle, not coming out at all.

And the persons in charge of welcoming and taking care of the large number of people, were personnel specially arranged by China.

The main floor of the castle, first floor grand meeting room.

The lights were resplendent.

Beside the enormous round table, stood many of the world’s countries’ and headquarter city’s leaders enthusiastically engaging in conversations.

On Earth, there were a total of five great countries plus twenty three headquarter cities.

These headquarter cities mainly came from Asia, South America and Africa. Dark skinned people, light skinned people were all engaged in conversation. And as the owner, Luo Feng, was standing at the entrance of the meeting room beside Hong and Thunder God, welcoming every guest and leader.

9.00am, the meeting was starting.

“Rumble!”

In the air above the center of the round table, mini explosions occurred, shocking the leaders. From the explosions that gradually scattered and dispersed, appeared three virtual screens, depicting images from the vast space.

“Attention all!”

Luo Feng stood up, beside him sat Hong and Thunder God, his gaze sweeping past all the leaders in his surroundings, saying solemnly, “Today’s meeting’s importance is no less than the Great Nirvana or even the Swallowing Beast incident.”

Hua!

There was an uproar from the leaders.

“Everybody look.” Luo Feng was pointing at the space image above the round table, “This is the universe, the vast universe! I believe everyone knows that out there, there are other humans and life. And I believe that many of the people sitting here actually know a lot more.”

“Our Earth, is a planet within the milky way that contains life, one of over 200,000 planets.” Luo Feng said directly, planets swiftly began to appear in the screen, amongst them the Bai Lan Star and some of its images, following that, the planets all shrank in size, a large image of the entire milky way took their place.

“And the milky way, beta galaxy and the other eight great galaxies, form the Silverblue Empire!” Luo Feng’s words shocked everyone in the room.

An empire that governs over eight great galaxies?

How powerful it must be!

It was something that was infinitely bigger than Earth itself.

Luo Feng listened to the leaders who had begun discussing in low voices, emphasizing solemnly: “However…the Silverblue Empire, is incredibly weak and small! It belongs to the lowest level of Empires, extremely weak and small.”

“How can that be?”

“The lowest level?”

“These are the eight great galaxies, one galaxy has about 200,000 life planets, such a huge empire.” These leaders, especially the leaders from the headquarter city had very little knowledge about such matters. They were all stunned by the news.

Luo Feng continued, ice cold in his expression, introducing the universe.

An hour and a half later.

There was silence in the meeting room.

“Let me introduce to everyone a race.” Luo Feng pointed towards the changing image above the round table a huge planet appeared and in it, human silhouettes were flying about, “This is called the Black Meng race, they are one of the many human races planets about. A large portion of the Black Meng race’s population have reached the Star Traveller level, numbering in the millions.”

“And among them there are even Star levels!”

“Their Star level fighters and spirit readers are high in numbers, they’re incredibly shocking! There are many Star level 5 and 6 among them! Do you know, what do these Star level 5 and 6 represent? It means that every one of them is able to deal with the Swallowing Beast from back then!”

“The Black Meng race is much more powerful than the Swallowing Beast back then, and much more numerous!”

Luo Feng’s introduction perked the curiosity of many of the leaders.

Knowing the universe was vast wasn’t enough, now Luo Feng was even introducing for the first time other races…From the leaders’ points of view, this should be one of the stronger races in the universe.

“How powerful, their powers can match the Swallowing Beast, and there’s so many of them!”

“Beings that surpass the wargods, in the millions? That’s crazy!”

“It’s too crazy.”

“They reach the Star Traveller level so easily? The total number on Earth don’t even add up to a hundred.”

The various countries’ and headquarter city’s leaders were looking in envy at the virtual images.

When will it happen…

For Earth to be able to catch up with the Black Meng race?

Right now on Earth, there wasn’t even one Star level!

A Star Traveller level 1 on Earth would already be a representative of the wargods! A position even bigger than a country’s leader! However the Black Meng race…have too many of them to count. Just the image of their planet alone showed countless flying Star Travellers.

“The Black Meng race, are a race in the universe that have been enslaved.” Luo Feng’s voice grew more serious.

The entire meeting room’s leaders were all dumbfounded.

A race that was thousands and tens of thousands of times stronger than Earth, was a race that was enslaved?

“Their entire race and it’s countless citizens have been enslaved! They are slaves, their later generations of children will remain as slaves! Slaves that have been implanted with the living microchips, sold off just like livestock and goods! Their children and grandchildren, generation after generation, have been unable to rise up!” Luo Feng’s voice was as chilly as the underworld, causing the leaders to tremble in their seats.

Many of them had perspiration beading from their foreheads.

Children and grandchildren? That was extremely brutal!

They were slaves, slaves that were bought and sold!

“Dare I ask Mr. Luo one question, how do you know all these?” Europe’s female prime minister stood up.

“Because I’ve entered the universe once.” Luo Feng said seriously, “However, I was scared by the brutality and truth of the universe, so much that I returned.”

Hua!

Entered the vast universe?

Luo Feng had been there?

“Attention all.” Luo Feng looked at the leaders, “I’ve invited all of you here to tell you all, I believe everybody understands! As to whether you all believe or not…it’s very simple!”

Luo Feng turned to a door beside: “Bring it here!”

Immediately, a worker brought a black helmet up.

“Consciousness transmitter helmet?”

Some of the leaders reacted.

“This isn’t the type we use here on Earth, but the original source from the universe.” Beside, Hong said, “If the specialists from the various countries can come and take a look, they’ll be clear that this is something from the universe. Many of the materials cannot be made or even found here on Earth.”

“This is something I brought from another planet in the universe.” Luo Feng looked at the leaders, “Through this consciousness transmitter helmet, each country can send one representative to use it, and enter the Virtual Universe Network.”

“Before, I’ve already explained the idea of the Virtual Universe Network.”

Luo Feng’s words caused an uproar once again.

Enter the Virtual Universe Network?

This was Earth, it was the first time ever truly connecting with the universe, they could clearly understand the news and information of just how vast the universe was.

“Luo Feng, how many of these helmets do you have?” The senior official from china was excited.

“For the consciousness transmitter helmets, I can provide six.” Luo Feng looked at the crowd, “Five great countries, twenty three headquarter cities, every headquarter city would have a one day usage period. The details, you can discuss on your own.” These were all prepared and planned himself earlier back when Luo Feng was buying the helmets.

To spur the evolution speed of the entire Earth’s population, he needed to let them gain access to the external universe!

And entering the Virtual Universe Network was the best way, especially since these were untraceable accounts, anybody could use them.

However…

The various countries all didn’t have any universe currency, so even after entering the virtual universe, they could only see the normal news and information etc, they couldn’t purchase anything or do anything else etc.

“Mr. Luo,” The dark skinned prime minister from America seemed excited, “What you are saying is right, the magnitude of this is no lesser than the Great Nirvana, entering the virtual universe, this is the first step for us Earth humans to make contact with the universe, it is also a very crucial step indeed.”

“I still have more important things I’ve yet to say.” Luo Feng said.

Silence.

The leaders in the meeting room had their eyes fixed on Luo Feng, awaiting the important news.

“I have something called purple light drink, a very special liquid. Using just 10g of this, can make a high level student in the dojo evolve into a fighter.” Luo Feng said.

“Huh?”

“That’s it?”

“This can’t be a treasure.”

The leaders, some of them couldn’t help but break into discussions, the rest were staring at Luo Feng.

On Earth, there were other things that were better than the purple light drink, like the spirits of nature, back then, Luo Feng only used one portion of the spirits of nature to help his family members immediately become Student level 2 and 3. Its effectiveness was indeed powerful. However…as they are extremely rare and small in portions, even wargods hardly had them.

The portions were too small, it didn’t have any meaning.

“I have a large amount of it.” Luo Feng said.

A bunch of the leaders were stunned.

“How big of a portion, how many people will get to use it?” A headquarter city leader from Africa couldn’t help but ask.

“The entire world!”

Luo Feng said seriously, “I can provide for the entire world’s dojo’s higher students, so long as there’s any dojo with higher students, using the purple light drink, I can make them become fighters!”

“The entire world?”

“Provide for the entire world?”

“My god.”

“This, this…”

Many people understood this theory, anything that was considered a treasure naturally was small in portions. Indeed, for such an amount of purple light drink, Luo Feng had spent 800 million Black Dragon dollars. Normal planets, like the Bai Lan Star and other planets’ richest could never even reach such figures. It was indeed not easy to acquire such a huge amount.

“The number of average people to the higher students in dojos, the ratio is about 100:1. Doesn’t that mean that earth can produce up to 70 million fighters?”

“70 million?”

“Not just that many, many people give up after thinking there’s no hope of becoming fighters. If they knew that just becoming a higher student would lead to an easy breakthrough to a fighter, many more will definitely work even harder! I believe the ratio has a chance of reaching 50:1, then, the number of fighters on Earth would increase by over a hundred million, the humans on Earth will begin to swiftly evolve, tens of millions times faster than the initially calculated evolution figure.

A bunch of leaders were so excited they seemed to have lost it for a moment.

This was something no amount of treasures and wealth could compete with, an excitement far beyond the materialistic gains could ever provide.

“10g for one person, 1 kg would be one hundred people, a ton of purple light drink can provide for one hundred thousand people! Later, I’ll go according to the population of each country and the ratio of ten to one, first providing close to seven thousand tons of purple light drink.” Luo Feng said.

“Seven thousand tons of purple light drink?”

The entire group of leaders seemed to have been envisioning the great evolution of all the humans of Earth.

That day, Luo Feng went according to the various countries and headquarter cities and distributed set portions of purple light drink! This was the beginning of Earth’s big evolution!

Every country could see the dawn of a new era.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God too were waiting in anticipation.

……

When all the countries and headquarter cities began testing the use of the purple light drink, celebrating from it’s effects, it was China time, 23rd November 9.30am.

The sun was high in the vast sky, a silver grey disc shaped ship was closing in on Earth.

“What a beautiful planet, green and blue, it’s a moving color.”

Within the ship’s control room.

The tall and handsome, dressed in a silver battle uniform, captain looked happy and joyous, looking at the exterior through his virtual image simulator, the green blue planet. “It’s intoxicating, I love it, yes, I love it! Because it can give me status, it can give me money!” Beside him, the crew were all shouting in excitement, totally unlike the captain’s emotive expressions.

Yes!

This planet without a leader, to these scout ships from the universe, was such a beautiful and joyous thing!


Chapter 293: Arrival

Earth, in the sky above the Atlantic Ocean.

Hua Hua…

The dark and endless ocean rippled.

It was China time 9.30am, far in the distance, it was still dark, in the air above the raging sea, a silver grey ship floated. There was no apparatus on earth that detected it’s existence.

Within the control room, a group of explorers were extremely excited.

“Captain!”

A childlike figure appeared on the control board’s screen, a clear and crisp voice sounded, “According to speculation, this planet has a spherical shape, with a diameter of 6400km. Its surface area is about 5 billion square kilometers, dry land takes up 29.2% of it and 70.8% is all water surfaces. Its gravitational pull is at 0.11 of the universe accurate gravity. Its air make up is nitrogen taking up 78% and oxygen 21%…”

The ship’s AI ‘Atuka’ swiftly reported the simplest and easiest figures.

“Very good.”

The captain’s expression was serious, his eyes filled with a sense of madness, turning to look at the eight other crew members behind who were just as excited as he was. “Attention all, it’s almost time for our hard work to bear fruit. However, it’s most crucial at this time, that all the more we don’t get cocky and careless! After all, this was a planet that an Undying Being once governed, and we have virtually no information about it at all!”

The eight crew members held their breaths.

“Discovering a leaderless planet, we have to be extra cautious and careful! Who knows whether this aboriginal planet has some absolute warriors.” The captain said seriously.

A ship can capsize even without any waves, after all, this sort of thing had happened before.

A few universe scout groups, have occasionally discovered several aboriginal planets, but because of their cockiness and carelessness, they were all killed by the aboriginal planet’s warriors! They died just when they were about to taste victory and success!

“Understood, captain.”

“Captain, you can relax, we won’t get careless.”

“How can this ship capsize so easily, we are not people who’ve been through life and death experiences just once or twice.”

The crew members guaranteed.

The captain nodded satisfied: “We’ll approach everything with the greatest care, safety comes first.”

“If nobody on this planet is stronger than us, then, we will attain an incredible reward.”

“If there are strong warriors here, then, we will have two routes. One is to inform the slave owners, the other is to inform my family.” The captain emphasized, meeting a strong warrior on an aboriginal planet, this sort of thing was common in the history of the universe, the main job of the explorers were to discover the planet.

They didn’t need to fight it out.

The captain looked at the screen: “Atuka, begin full detailed analysis of this planet, with the greatest speed, acquire this planet’s information.”

“Captain, this planet has a news network.” The head figure on the screen seemed excited, “I can hack into the network and swiftly acquire the information.”

“Very good.” The captain’s eyes lit up.

“It even has it’s own network?”

The crew members were shocked as they laughed.

Normally in the history of the universe, newly discovered aboriginal planets were usually not advanced at all.

“Swiftly hack in, from it’s economics, religion, warriors, armies, science and technology, etc, we can understand this entire planet.” The captain ordered, “The most important thing is the data of the fighters! Put that as your priority!”

“Yes, captain!”

Atuka complied, easily and swiftly hacking into earth’s network.

This universe scout ship was incredibly advanced, far exceeding the current technology of earth, comparable to the black dragon ship. Swiftly and silently, Earth’s history along with much of it’s information was gathered, besides several physical stockpiles or secret data that was hidden offline. Everything else that was freely circulated and easily found were all gathered! No one on Earth realized this at all.

At that time, China’s Jiang-Nan headquarter city, Luo Feng’s castle’s balcony.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were sitting around a table.

“I’ve long reached the peak of the Star Traveller level 9, why can’t I seem to breakthrough?” Thunder God rubbed his bald head unsatisfied, “With third brother’s secret manuals, my skills and energy expanse have greatly strengthened. Right now even Brother Hong has reached the Star Traveller level 9, but regarding the physique of the fighter, I’ve always been stronger than him.”

“Arrogance!”

Hong glared at him, “I just stepped into level 9 and you are already at the peak.”

“No matter what, little third brother is still improving the fastest!” Thunder God exclaimed loudly.

“Don’t call me little third brother!” Luo Feng rubbed his nose.

The three greatest warriors of Earth were relaxing in their free time, oblivious to the fact…that at this time, a scout ship from the universe had already entered Earth, and swiftly gathering data through the online network. The one thing the three had been worried about and afraid of, the thing that they thought would only happen a long time later.

Was currently happening…

……

In the air above the Atlantic Ocean.

Above the dark sea, a silver grey ship was floating motionlessly.

Within the control room.

The captain and the eight crew members were quietly waiting, waiting for the ship’s AI to collect all the data.

“Captain, the collection of data about the fighters is complete!” Atuka shouted.

The eyes of the explorers within the ship all lit up.

The fighters’ data was what they were most concerned about, if there was a warrior on a planet stronger than them, then their rewards from a planet would greatly diminish! However if the warriors on the planet were weaker than them, then, that planet would be theirs for the taking, and their rewards would be the greatest!

“Speak.” The captain ordered.

“Established universe language, systems activated for translating this planet’s aboriginal languages.”

“This planet, is called ‘Earth’ by their people.”

“Earth has a total of close to 7 billion people, amongst them the number of student level is close to 1 million! And the number of Star Travellers, close to a 100! There are currently no Star levels!” Atuka said directly.

There was silence in the ship.

The captain and the eight crew members were stunned.

“Hahaha…” The captain was the first to laugh excitedly.

“Haha, that’s great.” The black gorilla looking explorer was extremely excited.

“Their Star Traveller count only nears 100, the fighters of this planet are just too weak. Not even one Star level.”

The group of crew members were excited.

On the ship.

The captain’s strength was undoubtedly the strongest, and the other members all had their own skills and techniques, including the captain, there were a total of three star levels! The other six, four of them were Star Traveller level 9 and the other two were repair and maintenance people of the ship. This amount of strength was sufficient to completely dominate Earth’s warriors.

This way, they could do whatever they pleased, plundering and acquiring the greatest profits from the planet.

“Captain, there’s more detailed data that you have to see.” The ship’s AI Atuka reminded.

“What data?” The captain smiled.

When he first entered Earth, he was more cautious and careful, however after hearing the planet didn’t even have one Star level, he was much more relaxed. Regarding Luo Feng’s powerful army that he bought on Dragon Star, very few on Earth knew, even the various countries didn’t know, hence it was untraceable even on the online network.

“Captain, Earth’s most renowned and three greatest fighters, are called Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God.” The AI Atuka said.

“This is the footage of Luo Feng battling a monster.”

Du!

The virtual image in mid air in the control room depicted back when Luo Feng killed the Eight Tentacle grand emperor.

“This Earthling’s flying speed is pretty fast, what is he stepping on?” A green skinned lady said shocked.

“It’s a spirit weapon!”

“To be able to move so fast in this planet, with such a huge air resistance, it’s definitely a spirit weapon.”

“A Star Traveller punk actually has a spirit weapon?”

“Stupid! This was a planet that was controlled by an invincible warrior, he must have left some treasures behind.” The explorers were engaged in discussion.

However in the footage, Luo Feng used the arc cutter blade to kill the Eight Tentacle grand emperor…

“Arc cutter blade!”

“A level 3 spirit weapon arc cutter blade!”

The captain and the black gorilla man were shocked together, the black gorilla man’s eyes lit up, roaring: “Captain, we’ve made it big, made it big!!! This planet definitely has treasures left behind by the invincible warrior from before, there’s no other way an aboriginal planet could have produced a level 3 spirit weapon!”

“Yes.” The captain’s eyes too lit up.

He understood well…

This Earth wasn’t like the average aboriginal planets.

“Captain, this second footage, shows the ones called Hong and Thunder God fighting!” The AI Atuka played a second footage from the network that was widely shared.

Hong and Thunder God were combining forces and battling the space beast the golden horned beast.

On the screen…

Hong and Thunder God had unleashed their domains, soul immolating and fighting to the death.

“Damn, these are Star Travellers right, how can they all have domains? Both of them have their own domains?”

“That’s sick, Star Travellers with their own domains? And two of them at a go? Even in the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, it’s unrealistic for two Star Travellers to have their own domains.”

“Really sick.”

“Look, that black clothed man suddenly made a pile of metal appear before him, it must be a spatial storage item! And the capacity amount seems pretty big too.”

“Spatial storage item, it’s really a place that was governed by an invincible warrior before.”

“Look at what they are wearing.”

“That black dressed man, his armor seems weird! Definitely not your average battle uniforms.”

The crew members were all shocked.

However the captain’s expression was extremely serious, staring dead on at Hong and Thunder God facing the Golden Horned Beast!

The data on space beasts was extremely rare and little, and there weren’t many who paid special attention to this information! While there were several public pieces of information in the Virtual Universe Network, these were but general introductions to some of the space beasts. As for detailed explanations on the Golden Horned Beasts, there were none.

One must know…

Even the master of the Yun Mo Planet, this Undying Being, knew only basic information about the Golden Horned Beast. The other normal explorers, most of them knew nothing. Only few of them had a rough understanding about them.

“This?”

“This, this is?”

The captain was staring hard at the Golden Horned Beast on the screen, as an heir from the Nuolan Shan family, with exceptional education, and deemed as an exceptional mercenary in the universe, he once saw an introduction to the most terrifying space beasts, one of them was the brutal and savage space beast…the Golden Horned Beast!

“Golden Horned Beast, it actually is the Golden Horned Beast! And from the looks of it, it’s only a Star level 1 Golden Horned Beast? It’s still only an infant Golden Horned Beast.”

“My god!”

“Such a young Golden Horned Beast, if captured alive, it would be worth ten times that of a planet!” The captain went totally breathless, perspiration beading from his forehead, blood boiling from the excitement.

This was wealth beyond anyone’s dreams!

There’s definitely an Undying Being willing to fork out money to buy an infant of the leading bloodline of the space beasts!


Chapter 294: Nuolan Shan Family

“Look, liquid silver guards. The two liquid silver guards are working together and holding down that beast.”

“There are actually liquid silver guards on Earth!”

“It’s indeed a planet that was governed by an invincible being.”

The crew members were obviously very excited.

From the footage shown earlier, many valuable and expensive treasures were displayed, the message being…after the demise of that invincible warrior, there would still be many treasures left behind on Earth. One must know, this was a warrior that even the Silverblue Empire and the Black Dragon Mountain Empire didn’t dare to interfere with!

“Atuka!” The captain’s eyes were flushed red, excited, “Is that beast still alive?”

“Of the eight heroes of earth, Luo Feng, Mo Henderson, Eastbourne, Tripathi Singh, Jia Yi, Sokolov, these six sacrificed themselves and unleashed a powerful spirit technique that finally killed the Swallowing Beast, saving humanity on Earth.” Atuka swiftly read the report from the network data he had gathered.

“Bastards!!!” The captain couldn’t help but scold.

“Bastards, bullshit, they should just die!” The captain cursed fiercely. The eight crew members were shocked.

Today was a day that was supposed to be joyous and filled with celebration, why was the captain so angry?

“How can it die!” The captain was extremely furious.

The Golden Horned Beast was destined to become a Sector Lord at its peak!

Because of it’s natural abilities and talents, the moment it reaches the Sector Lord level 9, it would be just like an Undying Being, and invincible existence! The Golden Horned Beast at it’s peak was not one to be trifled with, and even harder to be captured alive. However, there were many ways for these universe explorers to capture a mere Star level 1 Golden Horned Beast infant alive.

It was only at the Star level 1!

As long as a powerful spirit reader ‘illusionist’ was present, he could easily tame the golden horned beast!

The Golden Horned Beast was extremely rare, cautious, etc, to be able to even meet a young Golden Horned Beast was something of utmost difficulty! In the universe, probably any undying being, or Sector Lords would all be willing to spend large amounts of their wealth just to buy a young Golden Horned Beast.

“Wealth beyond one’s wildest dreams!”

“A young Golden Horned Beast’s price, I can’t even begin to imagine it!” The captain was extremely bitter.

Why, why didn’t he get here earlier!

These Earth humans were simply savages, wasting god given gifts! They actually killed a young space beast of the highest bloodline, one that if ever acquired by someone, with careful training, would make the person a true upper echelon person of the universe! The price of a young Golden Horned Beast, was probably worth more than even his entire Nuolan Shan family, after all, it represented the peak of all Sector Lords!

“Bastards, bastards!” The captain was extremely angry.

“Corpse!”

“Right, the corpse!” The captain’s eyes lit up, “An Undying Being’s body is extremely valuable, the young Golden Horned Beast’s body too must be valuable too. Even if it was dead, it would still more valuable than an entire planet!” Large powers within the universe, or large corporations would all be willing to pay a hefty price to buy the Golden Horned Beast’s body to dissect and research.

“Atuka, where’s that beast’s body!” The captain shouted.

The eight crew members were very curious.

“Captain.” The ship’s AI Atuka replied, “After that Swallowing Beast was killed, humanity once sent a group of Star Traveller fighters underwater, but because of the countless number of sea creatures surrounding, humanity hasn’t obtained the body. Till now…the Swallowing Beast’s body is still a mystery!”

“Three years, three years, the Golden Horned Beast could swallow, so it had an internal world.” The captain was deducing.” It dying, the process of the internal world crumbling, would disperse energy to support the rest of the body, I believe within three years, it’s body shouldn’t have decayed much.”

“The Golden Horned Beast had defensive scales, even after death, it shouldn’t have been eaten by normal beasts.”

The captain was extremely nervous.

At least now…

This Golden Horned Beast’s body was the most eye-catching treasure on earth for him.

The universe scout ship was floating above the atlantic ocean, continuing its gathering of earth’s data, as time passed, the data collected got more complete.

China time afternoon 11.42am.

“Captain, the data collection is complete.” Atuka said.

“With regards to the planet’s technology and army, etc, they still belong to the space civilization initial stages, still very very far from the universe civilizations. As for strength, this planet doesn’t have any resisting capabilities at all against our explorer group. The only thing to take note of is…this planet has Mu Ya crystals, Black God battle armor, Cloud Contact Vines, spirit weapons, spatial storage rings, etc and many other treasures that are valuable throughout the universe.” Atuka swiftly said.

Back when the incident on Misty Island occurred.

Hong versus the grand emperor beast, he used a cloud contact vine, while the footage was secret, too many people witnessed it, so one was definitely able to search through the secrets online and locate it. And the madness from the collection of the Mu Ya crystals too could be found in pieces here and there online. Things like the Black God set, spirit weapons, space storage rings were even easier to find in scraps.

The captain and the eight crew members were even more excited.

“Cloud contact vine?”

“The cloud contact vine seed if planted, and nurtured into a bud! Every bud, is worth billions of Black Dragon dollars.”

“It’s no question why they are so expensive, as long as you spend time and energy to properly nurture the cloud contact vine, it can basically reach the Universe level with absolute certainty. Why wouldn’t it be expensive?”

The cloud contact vine seeds weren’t considered too expensive.

Because the seeds had to be alive and nurturing them into buds was extremely difficult! And for the buds to grow into universe level wasn’t too hard, for example…as long as they ate enough Mu Ya Crystals, they could reach the Universe level. A Universe level warrior’s price is already unimaginable, but the price for nurturing and training too was extremely high. Hence the price of the cloud contact vine bud was expensive.

“Mu Ya crystals? Taming wild beasts, nurturing plant life and the extreme goods Mu Ya crystals? These are things even the Domain Lords, Sector Lords and even the Undying Beings would buy.”

“The uses of the Mu Ya crystals are extremely broad, useful for humans, monsters, plants, etc, many many kinds of life.”

“This planet Earth actually has Mu Ya crystals.”

The entire ship was extremely excited.

“Captain, I’ve discovered a special kind of drink on this planet too, it’s been called the evolution drink by the people of earth, through examination, this should be the universe purple light drink.” Atuka said, “And according to speculation, the amount of purple light drink on Earth is extremely huge, I estimate in the hundreds of tons.”

Atuka based his calculations on the current number of higher level students on earth, estimating a rough number.

“Earth even has the purple light drink?” The captain was shocked, “That invincible warrior really left a lot of goods for Earth.”

Purple light drink in the hundreds of tons compared to the cloud contact vine, arc cutter knife and Golden Horned Beast’s body was simply far behind. Several planets that produce the purple light drink have it in the thousands and tens of thousands of tons, these hundreds of tons didn’t shock the captain at all.

Within the control room.

The captain and the eight crew members were in discussion, how to obtain the greatest rewards from earth.

“There’s no question, the most valuable things of Earth would be the treasures left behind by that invincible warrior.” The green skinned lady’s eyes lit up, “That was a warrior that could physically enter the dark space and cover the universe marker himself. If we could obtain the treasures he left behind, that would be…”

“Keep dreaming.” The black gorilla man shook his head, “I’m not saying whether that fighter actually met his demise here on this planet, but it’s still a little…those level of treasures, if we get our hands on it, it would 99% mean certain death.”

The discussions among the members carried on.

The captain creased his eyebrows and pondered about his next move.

“Let’s move according to the third plan.” The captain said suddenly and seriously.

“Captain?” The eight crew members looked over.

“Captain!” The ship’s AI Atuka shouted out, “We’ve received a call request from the family fleet.”

“Oh?” The captain’s expression slightly changed.

“You all stay here, we’ll move later. Let me go deal with this group of arrogant bastards.” The captain said, immediately leaving the control room entering his private quarters.

……

Within the captain’s resting room.

The tall and handsome captain sat on a chair, closing his eyes, connect to the virtual universe network.”

The AI computers were usually semi connected to the Virtual Universe Network, however receiving a call from someone else and answering or sending a message would require one’s consciousness to enter the network.

Virtual Universe, Ganwu Empire, Black Dragon Mountain Island.

In a simple average living quarter’s courtyard, the captain suddenly appeared within, on his shoulder sat a little spirit with uneven fists. This living quarters, was the captain’s property within the virtual universe. Without a property in the virtual universe, one would be like Luo Feng, appearing directly in the streets. Only those with property would appear in their houses.

With a property comes many other uses.

Within the home, living room.

“Du!”

A screen appeared on the living room’s wall, on it displayed a call request.

“Hmph, now you know to come to me?” The captain laughed coldly at the screen, saying, “Answer.”

The screen gently moved.

And on the big screen appeared eight human silhouettes, among these eight, three of them had pointy ears, their pupils shining bright red, exactly like the captain’s. The other five looked more unique, obviously they were of a different race from the captain.

“Oh, it’s actually the eight heirs calling simultaneously to meet me?” The captain arched his eyebrow.

“Buluo.”

A youth leading the eight, with pointy ears and a handsome appearance said coldly, “You should have arrived at the life planet already.”

“So what if I’ve arrived?” The captain laughed coldly, ” Pula, I’ve already stated my conditions before! I told you…This planet’s discovery, I, Buluo have the greatest contribution, whether it was discovering the wormhole or reaching the planet, the main thing is I did everything. As for the planet, I can give it to whoever I want to!”

“Hmph.”

Among the eight standing side by side, a dark skinned man snorted coldly.

“What are you snorting at?” the captain stared, “Keluomi, even if you reach the Star level 9, with the status of a blood heir, you are still just an outsider! Me, I’m a true heir of the Nuolan Shan family!”

Within the Nuolan Shan family.

There were many outsiders who swore into the family, only those who reach the Star level 9 had the right to become a blood heir, with special privileges.

“Buluo, we called you not to negotiate, but to inform you. After the elder received news of the dark space, he personally delivered an order! As for the planets once governed by that invincible warrior, he’s extremely interested, that’s why, this planet must go to the family. There must be absolutely no accidents, otherwise…”

“Otherwise my ass!”

The captain stared, “Eight heirs, I heard there were even over thirty Nuolan guards? Wow, added together that’s over forty Star level 9 people, what a fearsome power, killing me would be like killing an ant. I, Buluo…am so scared!” The captain feigned a terrified look, following that, he gave a fierce glare and roared, “Get lost!”

“If you have the ability, come kill me! Come, COME!” The captain shouted.

The eight heirs’ faces became green from anger.

“Hmph, a bunch of rubbish.” The captain smiled coldly, “You all should recognize the situation well, I’m no longer that weak little runt from before, right now, the family has need of me! That’s why, you better show me more respect. Alright, looking at how you are all so unhappy, we’ll discuss about this planet again in a day.”

Pa!

The call ended.


Chapter 295: Capturing Luo Feng and the Other Two

Virtual Universe, Black Dragon Mountain Island, a particular residential area.

After the captain hung up the call, he casually walked to another side of the room and poured himself a glass of wine.

“Di, di, di.”

“Captain, the family’s fleet is requesting a call.” The little spirit on the captain’s shoulder Atuka shouted.

“Don’t worry.” The captain smiled as he held the wine glass, sitting casually on the sofa, gently swirling the wine glass, the transparent golden colored wine swirled about, “We have to ignore them, let them understand…that in this whole discussion, just who actually holds the power! Hmph, a bunch of idiots!”

“Captain, the family fleet is requesting a second call.”

“Third request…”

……

Time passed by the minute.

The captain lay on the sofa, lifting the wine glass to eye level, listening to the ninth call request from the family fleet, mumbling, “Pula, this time I’m letting you all know…I Buluo of the the Nuolan Shan family is this generation’s most exceptional. You? Nothing but a pretty flower from the greenhouse!”

“Di!”

“Captain, an anonymous number is requesting a call, the caller has revealed his status, it’s a Universe level warrior.” Atuka shouted from his shoulder.

“Pu!”

Buluo’s online technology allowed him to check one’s power levels! The Virtual Universe Network, through the use of the AI’s and assisting functions could scan a person’s data and deduce one’s power! Usually in the virtual universe, people normally didn’t display their powers.

Only in special times, for example when a special place demands the identity and power level of the person entering, would one be required to display or let us know.

“Put it through!” Buluo Nuolan Shan shouted, before saying, “Wait!”

“Buluo took a deep breath, checked his face, and calmed himself down before saying, “Put it through.”

“Yes, captain.” The young boy Atuka shouted.

Du!

A screen appeared on the wall of the living room, on it was displayed a pointy eared, red eyed, incredibly handsome middle aged man who resembled Buluo in many ways.

“Old Family head.” Buluo said, respectfully bowing.

Nuolan Shan family, as a new dynasty’s big powerful family, including the current heads, had a total of three heads in the family.

The first was the one who started the Nuolan Shan family.

The three heads had all reached the Universe level before gaining the rights to be heads! This old head…was the second head, when he received the position back then, he was only at the Universe level 1. And now after tens of thousands of years had passed, this head had already reached the Universe level 6.

The head, was Buluo’s grandfather.

And the second head, was actually over 10 ranks above Buluo’s current position!

“Buluo!” The head smiled as he looked at Buluo, “I know very little about the family’s later generations, today, should be the first time we are seeing each other and talking I guess.”

“Yes, Head.” Buluo’s face was flushed red and he was extremely courteous.

Excited!

From the time he was born to the time he left the family, over a thousand years, while he had seen from a distance the head, he never actually got the right to speak to the head, this was the first time!

“Those under the protection of the family usually grow up weak and frail. Someone like you who explores the universe with its dangers, only that can produce a fighter of power and class.” The head complemented, “This Nuolan Shan family has always relied on hard work and power to judge its people! This planet was once governed by an Undying Being before, hence it has a very special position…”

A normal planet with life, didn’t mean much at all to the entire Nuolan Shan family.

This particular special planet was one that was deemed more valuable.

“The family will give you 100 Billion Black Dragon dollars as a reward, and also, give you the title of Eternal Elder in the family.” The Head said directly.

“Eternal Elder?”

Buluo’s eye’s opened very wide.

The position of Elder in the family was extremely high, higher than even the heirs in the family! However…even after becoming an Elder, if one makes a mistake, through the heads and Elder’s judgment, they could still be stripped of their posts. However with the Eternal Elder position, even after making a huge mistake, one would at most receive smaller rewards, but their post would remain forever.

Only one with an extremely huge contribution had the rights to receive such a position!

“My Nuolan Shan family’s pride and honor, is built upon the hard work of the generations of heirs and disciples.” The head said.

“Head, you can relax, I Buluo Nuolan Shan, as an heir to the Nuolan Shan family, am willing to go to battle for the pride of the family!” Buluo stood at attention.

“You are very exceptional.”

The head smiled and nodded, “This planet’s conquering, excavation, you’ll be in charge. The family’s fleet will reach in three months.”

“Understood, Head, you can relax, the strongest warrior here is only a Star Traveller level 9. My team of explorers will be enough to conquer the planet! I’ll definitely prepare everything to receive the family fleet.” Buluo puffed his chest out, saying loudly, the head nodded his head with satisfaction: “On the day you return, I’ll personally present you the title of Eternal Elder!”

Pa!

The call ended.

“Haha!” The captain Buluo Nuolan Shan’s red eyes were shining with emotion, “The price of Earth is indeed huge, but I’m afterall just a Star level, such a big reward, I wouldn’t be able to handle it all properly! And now…haha, I’ve become one of the highest ranks in the family, an Eternal Elder!”

“Earth?”

Buluo’s eyes lit up .

Sou!

His entire person disappeared from the virtual universe.

Earth, in the air above the Atlantic ocean.

The silver grey ship was floating there.

“Follow plan three and act!”

“We’ll head directly to capture the three strongest on Earth…Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God. Once their top three warriors are captured, Earth will not have any form of resistance or courage to face us! Also, through these three, we can easily learn more about the secrets of Earth.” Within the ship’s control room, Buluo was high-spirited.

“Yes, captain.”

The eight crew members behind him shouted loudly in unison. “Atuka, give me the location of Luo Feng and the others.” Captain Buluo said.

“Hacking into Earth’s satellite network and checking complete, Hong and Thunder God are both flying towards Luo Feng’s living quarters…Earth’s China Jiangnan base, Yangzhou city.” The control screen displayed a boy’s head shouting.

“Let’s head out, target…Yangzhou city!”

Buluo pointed in the distant direction of earth’s china.

Sou!

The silver grey universe ship immediately became a beam of light, travelling cross the ocean and headed directly towards asia’s china continent.

China, Jiangnan base, one of the eight great cities, Yangzhou city.

The castle by the West Lake Courtyard had already become synonymous with Luo Feng.

Hong’s ship construct, Thunder God’s Seven Star district and Luo Feng’s castle, these were the living quarters of the top three strongest on the planet.

On the balcony of the castle.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were sitting cross legged, calm and at peace!

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng, a universe ship has entered the warning zone!!!” Babata shouted nervously.

“What!”

Luo Feng fiercely opened his eyes, his body trembling from the shock, beads of perspiration streaming from his forehead. A universe ship, one Earth besides his own universe ship, who else could operate one? Unless…from the vast universe, finally someone from another planet, a scout ship had discovered Earth? However, the coordinates of where Earth was located in dark space should have been covered by his teacher’s spatial techniques.

“It’s a universe ship, and it’s a C grade universe ship!” Babata shouted worriedly.

“How could there be a universe ship?” Luo Feng was getting more anxious and angry.

“I don’t know, but it’s already reached the air above the castle.” Babata said.

Beside, Hong and Thunder God obviously felt the originally calm air about getting messier, both opening their eyes at the same time, looking curiously at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng’s expression was ashen and cold sweat streamed down.

Babata’s warning area was from his center, a 20,000m radius. Back underground on Misty island, Babata relied on this area to scan the surrounding human’s strengths. Babata usually maintained this warning area…this was what allowed him to discover the universe ship.

……

The universe ship floated about 3000m above the castle.

“This civilization is indeed backwards, even after our ship stopped right here, they still haven’t even noticed anything.” The green skinned lady said proudly.

“Look, this planet’s greatest three are sitting on the balcony of the castle.”

“Greatest three, hmph, in the universe they could barely get scraps to eat.” The black gorilla man laughed coldly, he was one of the three Star levels of this explorer group.

The captain Buluo Nuolan Shan, through the external image simulator, high-spirited, laughed: “Attention all, after finishing this whole business on Earth, we never have to risk our lives out exploring again. Let’s go, let’s make contact with these aboriginal strongest three. Let the aboriginals understand, just what exponents from the universe are like!”

“Hahaha…”

“Let’s properly play with these aboriginals.”

“Haha.”

The crew was extremely pleased with themselves.

Against an aboriginal planet that hadn’t made contact with the universe, they naturally felt a sense of superiority. They regarded… themselves as civilized while what was before them were nothing but aboriginal humans.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

The cabin door opened.

With the captain Buluo leading the group of explorers, except for the two maintenance crew, all of them dived down directly.

“They are coming.”

Luo Feng looked up, up in the sky suddenly, there were seven human silhouettes, be it the black gorilla man, or the handsome and suave, or the green skinned…these seven were explorers from the universe, they definitely had their differences from Earth’s humans. On their faces, wide smiles, their eyes filled with a sense of superiority over the aboriginals.

“Three aboriginals!”

“Poor aboriginals.”

Buluo surveyed the three expressions filled with fear, feeling exceptionally good about the situation. From his point of view, these Earthlings were adorable…this planet would bring him huge amounts of wealth and an extremely high position! These aboriginals were going to give him everything.

On the balcony, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God looked at their wrist scanners screens.

“One’s a Star level 6, another a Star level 2, another’s a Star level 1. The other four have reached Star Traveller level 9.”

The 3 looked at each other.

“This is big trouble.” Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God had really bad expressions on.

These seven universe explorers didn’t really mean much to Luo Feng and the others, however, the fact that they were here also meant one thing…Earth was no longer safe!

“Earthlings!”

Buluo surveyed below gently saying, the AI system automatically translated his words into Earth language, “From now on, you are the slaves of a powerful fighter from the universe, Buluo.” After the translation, the solemn voice resounded throughout the entire castle, causing the large number of pedestrians on the streets outside the castle to look up in the sky.

In mid air, Buluo Nuolan Shan stood high up in the sky, slightly raising his chin, obviously looking down condescendingly at the three aboriginals on the balcony.

On the balcony.

Luo Feng and the others had gloomy expressions on.

“Guards.” Luo Feng ordered indifferently.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

Beam after beam of lightning fast human silhouettes flew out from the walkways, the windows, the balconies and rose up into the sky, blurred images of silhouettes shot up, almost looking as though they were arrows looking to cover the entire air and land. The blurred images filled the skies, immediately surrounding the explorers from the universe who were so filled with their own sense of superiority!


Chapter 296: Big Trouble

“This, this…” Buluo Nuolan Shan, the black gorilla man, the green skinned woman and the other four explorers were all completely stunned. What was originally a weak and small aboriginal group in their minds, actually produced so many overpowering fighters in a flash!

“Star level 7 spirit readers?”

“Level 7?”

“There are three star level 7 spirit readers!!!”

Buluo and the others looked in fear at their mini computers, the screen displaying the figures for them. My god! The strongest among them was their captain and he was only a star level 6, and only a fighter at that! A Star level 7 spirit reader was more than enough to wipe out their entire team, much less three of them!

“Master.” The blurred human silhouettes bowed respectfully towards Luo Feng on the balcony.

“Master?” The seven explorers looked in fear and shock at the three ‘weak little’ aboriginals on the balcony, and the ‘weak and little’ Luo Feng just looked coldly back at them: “Capture them, anyone who resists, kill them!”

“Yes!”

The slave guard team respectfully complied.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Immediately, the entire guard team covered the skies and surrounded the seven explorers, the green skinned woman was the first to shout loudly in universe language, the computer swiftly translating and speaking on her behalf: “I surrender!”

“I surrender.” The black gorilla man said.

“Surrender.”

“We surrender.”

“Don’t kill us.”

The seven universe explorers, six of them immediately decided to surrender.

Even though these explorers risked their lives constantly, they weren’t stupid, three star level spirit readers leading a close to one thousand strong army, could easily sweep their little team of 10! Resistance would only mean a certain death, hence the six decided to surrender.

“How, how can it be…” Buluo Nuolan Shan’s handsome face was contorted.

How could it have become like this?

He, Buluo, his beautiful future! How did it become contorted so quickly?

This planet’s humans, didn’t they almost perish just from facing the Star level 1 Golden Horned Beast? How did they suddenly produce so many Star level warriors? And the most important point was… among these star levels, he could discern straight away they weren’t from earth!

“Death, or surrender.”

The three Black Meng warriors looked coldly at Buluo Nuolan Shan.

“I…” Buluo bit down and said solemnly, “Surrender.”

From that, the seven explorers had all surrendered, without any guts or ability to resist.

Luo Feng and the other two flew up, beside him Hong and Thunder God carefully analyzed these seven…just from appearances, these seven had several very unique appearances. Back when Luo Feng chose his slaves, he chose according to height and appearances that were very similar to Earth’s humans. And these seven, looked very different from Earth’s humans.

“Meng One, bring a small team and order the universe ship to surrender.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes.”

A small team swiftly rushed towards the sky.

The silver grey ship in mid air was just about to escape after seeing the situation, but at that time, a black ship appeared and intercepted the silver grey ship. “This Earthling actually has a ship!” At this moment, all of the explorers grimaced in their suffering, this was something they didn’t know before.

“We surrender.”

“Surrender, don’t kill us.”

The silver grey ship swiftly stopped.

The two ship maintenance personnel were very clear, using a spirit energy attack, the Star level 7 spirit readers could easily kill the two little Star Travellers. And as the ship’s AI only responded to the captain, it couldn’t leave without the captain himself.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God floated in the air above the castle, surrounded by almost a thousand slaves.

Meng One and his team took people into the silver grey universe ship.

“You are called Buluo Nuolan Shan?” Luo Feng looked at the extremely handsome universe explorer captain.

“Yes.” The captain stood at attention, beside him were the escorts Meng Two and Three, his gaze cold, “I never expected, that two to three years ago you all were almost totally annihilated by a Star level 1 space beast, and yet now in a short span of two to three years, you have so many powerful warriors.”

The captain looked at Luo Feng, his gaze confused: “You have a universe ship! Then you’ve definitely visited other planets, these Black Meng warriors, you bought them?”

Buluo wasn’t stupid, of course he could guess what happened.

“Smart.” Luo Feng looked at them.

“It’s laughable that we even thought you all were just aboriginals.” Buluo cursed.

If they had known Earth had such strength and power, they wouldn’t even have shown themselves…and would’ve waited patiently in space for the family fleet. The moment the family fleet arrived, Earth wouldn’t have any way to resist! However, according to the data and information they had gathered on Earth…they believed Earth didn’t have any battle capabilities above the Star level.

Right, they were very sure!

If there was an absolute power or warrior, how could that Golden Horned Beast still cause so much of a disaster?

If there was an absolute warrior, why hasn’t there been any trace or news at all on the network?

Moreover!

There was no debate or question about earth’s strongest, they were simply Hong, Thunder God and Luo Feng. And looking at these three, none of them were Star level. With all this information, they naturally assumed Earth didn’t have anything of the Star level! However, however…fate played tricks with their lives!!!

“Fate just played us.” Buluo cursed angrily.

“How many of you have come to Earth?” Luo Feng asked, “Why have you come to Earth?”

Hope began to grow a little in Buluo’s heart.

“These Earthlings don’t even know there’s a family fleet behind us, if I just bear with it patiently, when the family fleet arrives and totally destroys them, with any luck there’s still hope for survival for me.” Buluo was filled with hope for survival.

“We have a total of nine people.”

Buluo Nuolan Shan said solemnly, “We unknowingly went through a wormhole and entered the dark space star field. According to the old star maps, we knew there were two life planets in this area, we were extremely excited at the time to discover this one. In the universe, this represented immeasurable amount of wealth, hence our little explorer team headed here.”

“Oh, a wormhole?” Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God glanced at each other.

No wonder!

Otherwise, even if you travel at light speed from the borders of the area in dark space, it would still require about a thousand years to get here! Only through a wormhole, these sort of lawless existences, would a universe ship be able to suddenly enter this star field.

“Just the nine of you?” Hong asked.

“Yes.” Buluo nodded, “We wouldn’t trust anybody else with the news of discovering this planet, why would we tell anybody else.”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God nodded slightly.

What Buluo said made sense.

“Meng Two, spirit hypnotize the six, carefully interrogate them.” Luo Feng was extremely cautious, ordering, and swiftly rushing up into the sky, Hong and Thunder God followed, heading straight for the silver grey ship.

“Hypnosis?”

Buluo’s expression greatly changed, the other six explorers too.

Having faced life and death situations many times before, they were used to being able to chance on any opportunity to escape, from what the captain said earlier, they were very clear on what to do! Relying on the family fleet behind them, they would have a chance of survival! If even that was revealed, Earth’s aboriginals would definitely not spare them.

Without them saying anything, the AI system Atuka, which could communicate through Buluo’s consciousness, with his order, would not divulge this either.

It seemed like a good plan…

Sadly, the enemy had powerful spirit readers who could easily hypnotize Star Travellers and Star levels 1 and 2.

Within the silver grey ship, control room.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God entered the control room.

“Master.”

Meng One and the other guards bowed respectfully, beside, they escorted two maintenance personnel of the explorers.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, flipping his hand and producing a microchip.

Chi!

Immediately entering it into the control board’s slot.

“Beginning the hacking, Luo Feng, leave it to me.”

Babata began to hack into the ship’s AI system.

The control screen immediately displayed a boy’s head, shouting, “Stop the hack, immediately stop hacking…”

“Wahaha, it can only be considered an ordinary AI system, its capabilities, can’t even compare to that Black Dragon Mountain x81’s system.” Babata’s head appeared on the screen, he revealed his fangs , apparently very satisfied, swiftly and unrelenting, he hacked into the system, gaining control over the entire ship.

“Du.”

Luo Feng took out his cellphone from his pocket, checking, it was General Wang, his main contact from the country.

“Mr. Luo Feng, we just received a report saying there’s noises from your castle… ‘From now on, you are all my…the powerful warrior from the universe Buluo Nuolan Shan’s slaves’, what’s going on?” General Wang from the country seemed distressed, “And we’ve discovered a large number of flying warriors, close to a thousand!”

To be able to float and fly in mid air, one at least had to be a Star Traveller.

Close to a thousand star travellers?

Which country in the world wouldn’t be worried?

“Relax, we just met a small team of explorers from the universe, they’ve already been handled by us, no problem.” Luo Feng said casually.

“Hello.”

“Oh, Lady Lari.”

Hong and Thunder God too picked up their phones.

Obviously the scene of close to one thousand warriors appearing around the castle had reached all the countries. There was no way they wouldn’t know! Afterall, an important place such as Luo Feng’s castle would definitely always have large amounts of media and spectators watching.

“No problem.”

“No problem.”

Hong and Thunder God said and laughed.

Luo Feng smiled as he spoke into his phone, but his expression suddenly changed. This was due to a large amount of chinese words appearing on the control board’s screen, Babata was automatically displaying this.

“This can’t be.” Luo Feng’s face had gone pale white.

Hong and Thunder God looked over in fear, after seeing the details of the chinese words on the screen, their faces too went pale and white.

“No, no…” Hong and Thunder God’s eyes were filled with fear and rage.

“Master, master, what the captain said earlier were all lies, their explorer team is only the first wave, behind them is the enormous Nuolan Shan family fleet.” Meng Two who was in charge of the hypnosis interrogation rushed into the ship, shouting worriedly.

Luo Feng’s expression ashen, he had already known!

“Kill them!!!” Thunder God raged beside.

“Don’t kill them, disable them first and slowly torture and interrogate them.” Hong said angrily.

“Right, interrogate! All information concerning the Nuolan Shan Family, interrogate everything out of them.” Luo Feng’s gaze was ice cold.

Earth’s three strongest warriors, were all extremely enraged.

“What’s wrong?”

“What happened?”

“Beloved Hong? What’s the matter?”

Voices resounded from all their phones.

“General Wang, Earth’s humanity is in trouble.” Luo Feng’s face was pale, his eyes fixed on the control board’s screen, on it the large amounts of chinese words were like knives stabbing into his heart.

“There’s big trouble.” Thunder God too said solemnly.

“I suggest, we immediately gather the leaders of the five great countries and twenty three headquarter cities! Hold a meeting in the Wargod palace.” Hong said coldly.

Luo Feng nodded, just the thought of the family fleet behind with its huge amount of power, he couldn’t help but feel terrified!


Chapter 297: Target, Earth’s Treasures

“This, this simply can’t be happening.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but feel flustered.

Hacking into that scout ship’s AI System and obtaining the information only to discover…

The Nuolan Shan family’s attack on Earth, consisted of this small universe ship leading the pack, and the rest of the family fleet and main powers following behind. They had sent two main fleets which constituted the main attack force, the main person in charge of the whole operation was an heir from one of the family heads themselves, Pula, along with seven other heirs to assist him!

Eight heirs side by side, along with thirty Nuolan Guards!

The head’s heir, his position and status was high, one had to reach the Star level 9 before being deemed worthy of the position!

Nuolan Guards, were the brightest and most elite of the Nuolan family soldiers, everyone of them were extremely valuable, their strength’s were all at the Star level 9.

Over forty Star level 9 warriors, the rest were at the Star level 8 and 7, etc…two large fleets of Star level warriors, according to Buluo Nuolan Shan’s assisting AI system Atuka’s data, there were a total of about one thousand warriors! And over ten thousand Star Travellers.

“Star level 9, just one of them could come conquer Earth. And now over forty of them are coming!” Luo Feng’s face was ashen with fear. “It’s indeed very troubling.” Thunder God’s eyes were fierce, saying solemnly, “Over forty star level 9 warriors, commanding an army of about one thousand Star levels and over ten thousand Star Travellers. How can we fight back? There’s no way at all! Unless we have a Universe warrior among us, that’ll give us a chance. However, where are we going to get a Universe warrior?”

Luo Feng bit down hard nervously.

Universe level?

Given a couple of years, his Golden Horned Beast body would be able to reach the Universe level! However the Nuolan Shan family fleet was arriving in three months.

“Three months, there’s only three months of time.” Luo Feng muttered softly.

Hong, who was originally sitting quietly with his eyes closed suddenly opened them.

“Have you found it?” Thunder God looked at Hong.

Luo Feng too looked at Hong.

“Yes.”

Hong nodded, his expression extremely serious, “It’s easy to search for brief information via the Kaluo Empire’s network.”

“Nuolan Shan family, 81066 years ago, founded by the Universe warrior Nuolan Shan, Nuolan Shan was the first head, his name too became the family’s name.”

“Nuolan Shan’s natural aptitude was very high, his comprehension and wits too were very high, after reaching the Universe level, he collected a lot of disciples.”

“Right now, he is currently at the Universe level 9, he has a lot of disciples under him that have been willingly teaching many others, amongst them six of them are Universe level. And of these six, there are two who are also heads in the family. Each of them taking the second head position and the third head.” Hong said solemnly.

“What?” Luo Feng felt even more shocked.

Even though having a teacher increased one’s chances of reaching the Universe level by quite a bit, within the Nuolan Shan Family including the heads and founders, there were actually a total of seven Universe levels!

“How do we fight this?” Thunder God too was flustered.

“The Nuolan Shan family is the Kaluo Empire’s third biggest family.” Hong explained, “The Kaluo Empire, is a universe low level civilization, one of the over five hundred in the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, however, it’s power is ranked in the top three of these five hundred empires. Kaluo Empire’s number one family, is the emperor family Kaluo family, the Kaluo family’s strongest is a Sector lord.”

“The Kaluo empire’s second greatest family is the Wei Di family.”

Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat, Wei Di family? The good friend he met on Dragon Star…Gao Sheng Wei Di, he even mentioned Kaluo dollars, this Wei Di family is also a part of the Kaluo Empire? However Gao Sheng mentioned before…there wasn’t anyone on Dragon Star that he couldn’t mess with.

To be able to say something like that, this shouldn’t come from just a low level universe empire?

Maybe, Gao Sheng Wei Di was separate from the Wei Di family?

“The Wei Di family is a business family, only the elders are in the Kaluo Empire.” Hong continued, “Currently, most of the Wei Di family’s power is in the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, even extending to the Ganwu Empire. It’s entire combined power, is even more terrifying than the Kaluo Empire. However within the Kaluo Empire, only the Elders remain there, leaving only about ten Universe level warriors there.”

“The Kaluo Empire’s third family, is the Nuolan Shan family!”

“To be able to teach and produce six universe levels, Nuolan Shan’s name and reputation is widespread, causing many to bow before him! Along with tens of thousands of years of business, the entire Nuolan Shan family’s owned life planets exceed a thousand, the most elite of the Nuolan Guards are called the eight thousand Nuolan guards, meaning, there are at least eight thousand Star level 9 warriors!”

“The most terrifying is Nuolan Shan himself!”

“Nuolan Shan, is well known within the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, his battle prowess is extremely high.”

Luo Feng felt a sense of helplessness, against such a huge force such as the Noulan Mountain family, they had no way to resist at all.

Eight thousand Nuolan guards!

Seven great Universe levels!

“Just what do we do?”

“Within the short three months, my Golden Horned Beast body definitely cannot reach the Universe level in time.” Luo Feng swiftly pondered, “Become Earth’s leader? Then within these three months, my human body must reach the Star level and acquire the bank account left behind by my teacher, only then will I be able to buy Earth.”

Discovering a leaderless planet, there were three options.

1. receive the reward, no other benefits. As for how Earth should be governed, Luo Feng had no way to intervene.

2. pay to become Earth’s leader, however, the Black Dragon Mountain Empire owned the tariffs on entry and exits of Earth.

3. directly buying the planet, owning 100% of it.

The first option was definitely something he didn’t want, the moment he chose that, he couldn’t guarantee the fates of the humans on Earth.

“I can only work on a way, to reach the Star level with the greatest speed.” Luo Feng bit down, “The Jade Marrow along with the Mu Ya crystals, within three months, there’s…there’s still hope.”

“Hong and third brother, the leaders from the various countries are just about to reach the wargod palace, let’s enter the virtual space.”

“Ok.”

“Let’s enter.”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God entered the study room beside and into the virtual space wargod palace.

After countless years, the humans of Earth had never truly made contact with the universe, and right now there was actually a universe empire, a powerful family looking to conquer the entire Earth? Especially since it was Luo Feng and his brothers speaking about their strengths, this made Earth’s leaders and upper echelon even more worried, afraid, flustered and stunned.

What was there to do?

These upper echelon were Earth’s brightest and elites, and they came up with a detailed plan.

……

On the balcony on the castle.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were surveying the land.

“We have no choice.” Hong said softly.

“Luo Feng, you aren’t bluffing, is there really such an account?” Thunder God looked at Luo Feng.

“Yes, but I need to reach the Star level before being able to gain access to it.” Luo Feng looked far into the streets, the continuous stream of people. The news of him acquiring access to the account only after reaching the Star level, this was something he had only told his wife, Hong and Thunder God, no one else.

“Let’s risk it all! We can only do that.” Thunder God said.

“Let’s do it!” Hong said solemnly.

“Right, let’s do it.” Luo Feng nodded.

Luo Feng said solemnly, “Within three months, if I can reach the Star level, everything will be ok.”

“If within these three months, I don’t reach the Star level, then…we can only rely on reporting to the Black Dragon Mountain Empire and take the 100 billion Black Dragon dollar reward. All the rights of Earth will belong to the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, but at least the Nuolan Shan family won’t dare steal from them.” Luo Feng muttered, “And for the Black Dragon Mountain Empire to control Earth, even through the wormhole, it’ll still take them two or more years to travel here.”

“Two years is plenty of time, relying on the space ships, I’ll secretly move all the humans on Earth away!”

This was the plan!

A two pronged preparation!

Success, he would become Earth’s leader.

Failure would mean leaving Earth to become nothing but an empty shell, evacuating as much of the humans on Earth within the two years! Of course this option would be arduous, moving close to 7 billion people was an extremely hard and painful thing to do. Until the last moment, Luo Feng would never choose to do so.

……

That afternoon, about 3pm.

Thunder God’s daughter, Hong’s son and daughter and Luo Feng’s close family all gathered in the castle, many of Earth’s upper echelon also gathered here!

“Be careful in the other planets in the universe.”

“Earth’s countless people’s hopes are on you all.”

“All the best.”

From the group’s words and prayers, Luo Feng kissed his wife and children before turning and floating with Hong and Thunder God towards the black dragon ship above.

“Daddy, come home soon.”

“Daddy.”

The two kids held by Xu Xin shouted loudly.

“Ok!”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God entered the cabin of the black dragon ship at the same time.

Ka!

The cabin door closed and the black dragon ship began to swiftly rise, delivering Earth’s humanity’s hope and leaving Earth! And the entire population of close to 7 billion, many of them didn’t even know…they lived in peace, unknowing to the fact that three people had left earth towards the vast universe to fight for a thread of hope for everybody.

Within the black dragon ship control room, external virtual image simulator was at 100%.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God turned to look at the beautiful green and blue planet.

“Babata.”

Luo Feng’s voice was cold, “Accelerate, prepare for universe travel, the first destination is Bai Lan Star.”

……

The black dragon ship carried Earth’s strongest three, beginning it’s universe travel!

Previously, only Luo Feng left alone to visit and gain insights, also buying metals for himself.

And this time, there were three, all fighting for some hope for Earth. Not too far from Earth, within a vast starfield.

Two extremely long and flat grey battleships, one behind the other, similar in appearances and their lengths were a shocking over 6000 meters. At the time, these two were currently two blurred beams of light, swiftly flying in space.

The battleship in front.

Control room.

Similar in appearances to Buluo, a handsome youth sat, beside him sat three other men.

“What’s wrong?” The handsome youth creased his eyebrows, “We can’t contact them?”

“Yes.”

The black skinned man nodded.

The handsome youth’s eyes glinted demonically, “This Buluo, the head promised him the position of Eternal Elder after this incident is done. He still really thinks he can stand high above and step on my head. As for the report on the planet, he actually hasn’t even told us anything, how vicious!”

“We’ve requested communication, he doesn’t answer.” Another handsome youth cursed as he bit down, “Pula, I think we should just…” he waved his hand!

The other two were shocked too.

The handsome youth Pula shook his head, “Don’t do anything foolish, the family’s matters are the most important, after all there’s still three months before we reach this planet. According to the head, there might be huge amounts of treasure on this planet!”


Chapter 298: Survival Bases

Sitting in the black dragon ship, through the universe travel, they reached the Bai Lan Star which was 11.8 thousand light years away from Earth on the day itself.

Bai Lan Star, the extreme cold area.

Huge warehouses within the base were scattered about the area, a black universe ship slowly descended on a particular warehouse residential area, right in front of a castle.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God swiftly jumped off the ship, behind them followed four black Mongolian bodyguards.

“Master!” The one hundred and one slave guards stationed on Bai Lan Star stood outside the castle, respectfully receiving Luo Feng.

“Big brother, second brother, follow me.” Luo Feng walked towards the castle.

Walking along the winding stairs of the castle.

“Third brother, you really have it good.” Thunder God looked through the windows by the stairs, gazing far out into the snow covered land. This was his first time leaving Earth and heading to another planet with life in the universe, “This is the first time in my life leaving Earth, and I’ve actually come to…oh, how many light years are we from Earth again?”

“11.8 thousand light years.” Luo Feng was somewhat speechless.

Due to the pressing matter of the Nuolan Shan family, the pressure on himself was enormous, and while this second brother of his was initially nervous himself, it seemed he had totally relaxed now.

“11.8 thousand light years, what a far place.” Thunder God complimented.

“This is a good place to stay for awhile.” Hong nodded.

“Big brother, second brother, aren’t you guys worried at all?” Luo Feng opened the door and entered the living room.

The three sat separately on the sofa.

“Worried? Against danger, your worry has no use at all.” Hong’s gaze was calm, “Be those proficient in the ancient meditation ways of yoga, or in the ancient chinese traditions of meditation, they all have beneficial effects to a person’s state of mind.”

“State of mind?” Luo Feng was curious.

However, from the manuals of the Yun Mo Planet, or the other forms of training he’s done, most of them were all about skills and techniques, etc and requirements, this whole realm of training was completely different from state of mind.

With a poor state of mind, evil and mad person can still become a powerful being.

“Don’t tell me…”Within the AI space, Babata’s blood red eyes lit up, “This is the reason behind Hong and Thunder God achieving their domains in the Star Traveller level? On Earth, most of the strongest come from China or India! And many of them are at the conception level, much higher than the average of the universe.”

The realms were mostly separated into basic, conception, domain and world, the four main levels.

Above that lies the Undying level.

“Let’s not talk about this now.”

Within the living room, Luo Feng’s expression was heavy, “Brothers, while the ship was swiftly rushing to Bai Lan Star, I’ve been thinking…there are some risks with the plan before!”

“Risks?” Hong and Thunder God pondered and nodded their heads.

“If we don’t take these risks, what else can we do?” Thunder God said helplessly.

“We can’t be precise to every minute and second, the moment the Nuolan Shan family fleet reaches Earth, I’m afraid they’ll immediately capture and control the important people.” Luo Feng’s gaze was as sharp as a blade, “No matter what, I will definitely not let my family take these risks. I’m sure the same goes for my two brothers.”

Hong nodded. “Didn’t we leave the other ship on Earth?”

The universe C grade scout ship from the explorers was currently parked behind Luo Feng’s castle. It was left there as an escape route for Luo Feng’s, Hong’s, Thunder God’s families and several other important people to take should the time arise.

“No! That ship is too small, only so many people can enter. One thousand? Three thousand if we squeeze them? What about resources and food? The food and drinks?” Luo Feng shook his head, “In the worst case scenario, we can only save the maximum one thousand people, it’ll be hard for the many races to reproduce.”

“So you are thinking…”

Hong and Thunder God looked at Luo Feng.

“We’ll buy survival bases!” Luo Feng said.

“Survival bases?” Hong and Thunder God were suspicious, not exactly clear on what those were.

“Normally, developing planets, or even mineral planets will all build a survival base!” Luo Feng explained, “A survival base, the small ones can hold up to 10 million people, the big ones can hold billions within. They can ensure air is sufficient, water resources, food, etc.”

“Hm?” Hong and Thunder God’s eyes lit up.

“We can go to the Virtual Universe Network and look for a seller of these bases.” Luo Feng smiled.

Even though it was another supposed three months before the Nuolan Shan family fleet would arrive on Earth, it wasn’t, it could be 88 days, or 89 days later, or…whatever the case, the time wasn’t specific enough! To prevent any accidents, it was better to build a strong and solid survival base, this way, it would be much safer.

Virtual universe, Ganwu Empire, Black Dragon Mountain Island.

The Black Dragon Mountain Island, even though it was called an island, it was still about a billion times bigger than the surface area of all of Earth’s surface land put together.

In a particular private room of a restaurant.

“Even though this is the virtual universe, the dishes and food, etc, are all exactly like reality.” Thunder God complimented, “And the prices are all very cheap.”

“Don’t eat anymore, in a bit, the manager of the Tieluo company will be here.” Hong said.

Luo Feng still had a sense of being troubled from his expression.

The price of a survival base Babata had gathered from checking spoiled his originally good mood from before.

“Knock, knock, knock.” Knocks on the door resounded.

Thunder God automatically got up and opened the door.

The person who walked in was built huge, close to 2.6m, his skin was brown, there were also three scars on his left cheek, this man was from the big Tieluo company from the universe, a second level manager from the Black Dragon Mountain Empire division. He smiled, slightly bowing, “I’m called Luo Di, very nice to meet you three. You three requested to purchase survival bases, the amount of money involved is too large, hence it’s better for us to meet and discuss.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

The manager placed a black drawing book onto the table, in it, images of survival bases started to appear.

“Look, there are big and small bases, the prices too are definitely different.”

“This is the cheapest a grade, it only requires a 100 000 Black Dragon dollars to build one with length and width 10km, height of 100m, the survival base is separated into 30 levels, it’s enough to house up to 300 million people, and there are even bigger ones!”

“My three respected customers, if you need stronger defenses, this is the B6 grade, it’s much more expensive, it’s size can be large or small just like the one before, it requires 90 million Black Dragon dollars.”

The manager smiled, filled with assurance and confidence as he spoke.

Hong and Thunder God looked at the various bases and their prices.

“I need a survival base that’s able to withstand a Universe level 1 warrior’s attack.” Luo Feng said directly.

The force of over forty Star level 9 fighters combined match up to just about one Universe level 1.

“Oh? That’s going to be expensive!”

Luo Di’s eyes lit up, “This is the C5 grade, able to house 300 million people, requires 98 billion Black Dragon dollars.”

Luo Feng’s eyebrows creased.

Back when he first sold the arc cutter knife, he had a 180 million remaining, after that, he bought the Jade Marrow, slave guards and the precious and expensive metals required for the Golden Horned Beast, purple light drink, now he had only 1.7 billion Black Dragon dollars left. On a normal planet, this was definitely a top level wealthy person. However to purchase a large survival base able to withstand a Universe level 1 attack, it was far from enough.

“I need a C3 grade.” Luo Feng said directly.

“C3 grades are cheap, able to house 300 million, they only require about 51 billion.” Luo Di said.

“Smaller.” Luo Feng’s eyebrows creased.

“This is one is able to house 30 million people, only 8.9 billion.” Luo Di continued and smiled.

“No smaller ones?” Luo Feng asked.

“No more.” Luo Di’s expression was somewhat dissatisfied, he cursed to himself, did these three people purposely call him here just to waste his time?

Luo Feng pondered to himself, the living standards and capacity of these bases, was leaving about 10 square meters for each person. And in Earth’s times of distress, if they crammed together, the 30 million standard capacity should be able to house up to 100 million people!

“We’ve checked the information, your company can make custom survival bases right?” Luo Feng said.

“Custom?”

Manager Luo Di shot Luo Feng a glance, “To make a custom one according to your requests is too troublesome! That’s why, custom mades are privileges only for orders exceeding the 10 billion black dragon dollars big orders. Sigh, you three, are you going to buy or not? If you can’t afford a C grade, then just buy a B grade. Don’t look down on the B grades, while not being able to afford the C grades.”

“Do you even know how to speak?” Thunder God was pissed and a bunch of Mandarin left his mouth.

To no avail…

Luo Di obviously didn’t understand.

“Oh, angry?” Luo Di rubbed his big nose, scoffing as he laughed, “Being in charge of the virtual universe side of things, I often meet these sort of lousy customers! They can’t even afford anything, and still ask so many questions, such a waste of my precious time! Is it because you thought in the virtual universe, there’s no way to punish you, that you thought you could waste my precious time?” Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were stunned.

In what way was this manager anything close to a business person?

“What? Not satisfied? So what if I scold you? In the real world, your majesty would definitely severely punish you all.”

“Hmph, three poor misers!” Luo Di stood up, poof, vanishing into nothing, obviously leaving the Virtual Universe Network.

Within the private room, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were enraged.

Poor misers?

They were called poor misers!

“If I understood and spoke universe language, I would have definitely scolded him well.” Thunder God couldn’t help but say.

“Scolding him wouldn’t have meant anything.”

The little spirit Babata on Luo Feng’s shoulder simply laughed, “Very simple, you all just have to immediately become a large client of the Tie Lo company and directly complain about the service of this Luo Di being extremely poor! These sort of department manager, or second level manager punk, will immediately be fired, he’ll definitely regret it later!”

“Large client?” Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were shocked.

“But we don’t have so much money.” Thunder god said.

“That’s simple.”

Babata said casually, “Luo Feng, don’t you have a black dragon mountain x81 ship, these sort of ancient luxury goods are definitely one of the favourites among the ship enthusiasts, there’s definitely a whole lot of them willing to buy it if you take it out.”

“Sell the ship?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Just performance wise, the little scout ship you captured from the universe explorers isn’t lousier than this current ship. Afterall, it’s also a C grade ship. The only thing is its material is alloys. The scout ship is worth a few hundred million black dragon dollars and your black dragon ship is worth more than a 10 billion. Other than that, there’s not much difference. After selling the black dragon ship, you’ll still have the other one to use.”

“What’s more, once you acquire the account your teacher left behind for you, you’d be able to buy a ship even better than the black dragon mountain ship, why bother so much?”

Luo Feng immediately laughed.

Right.

After he reached the Star level, he could naturally buy a new ship!

“How do I sell the black dragon ship.” Luo Feng asked.

“Simple, you just have to directly contact Gao Sheng, he’s a ship enthusiast. Someone like him, besides his status and position, definitely knows a community of other enthusiasts, people with money and status. The can definitely give you a high price.” Babata said, “After selling the black dragon ship, you can build a few survival bases for the people of Earth! That’ll be something of great contribution for the people of Earth. Also, you can use your status as a big client to teach a good lesson to that condescending bastard.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He immediately made Babata contact Gao Sheng, while connecting, Luo Feng and the other two sat to eat.

“Hello, Luo Feng, it’s been awhile since you actually contacted me.”

Luo Feng and the others stared at the screen that appeared before them, on it appeared the fat and chubby kid from before.


Chapter 299: Three Months

“The two beside you are of your race?” Gao Sheng laughed.

“Right.” Luo Feng nodded, ” I’ve been rather short on cash recently…”

“Lack of money, as long as the figure isn’t too huge, within 1 billion Black Dragon dollars, I can help you settle it. Not a single cent of interest.” Gao Sheng said candidly.

Borrowing money should definitely come with interest, Gao Sheng’s straightforwardness proved he was indeed a good friend.

“No, I actually want to sell my black dragon mountain x81 ancient universe ship.” Luo Feng said.

“Damn!” Gao Sheng’s eyes almost popped out, “You can actually bear to sell it? That’s an ancient, over a million years old artifact, to be able to preserve it that well, it’s really rare. It’s definitely a treasure that every ship enthusiast would want. Ah, I advise you to never sell it, it’ll probably be almost impossible to buy it back after selling it!”

Luo Feng was helpless.

Universe ship enthusiasts? The truth was he didn’t share this interest at all.

“I’m really selling it, do you have any channels?” Luo Feng asked. “Selling it is simple.”

Gao Sheng’s expression grew serious, “You just have to let the news out and it’ll easily be sold. However, to sell it at a high price…hmm, I’m in a few ship enthusiasts communities. I’ll help you spread the news and tell them about this. When I mentioned to them about your ship before, there were many that were extremely excited and wanted to buy it.”

“Then thanks.” Luo Feng was excited within.

“Hm, wait a while, give me a little bit of time, I’ll look for you again when I’ve discussed the matter. I’ll definitely look for the best price for you.” Gao Sheng said confidently.

The call ended.

Within the private room, Thunder God couldn’t help but be suspicious, “Luo Feng, you letting this person help you, will he try and get a commission in between?”

“What’s the point of worrying,I have no better channels.” Luo Feng revealed a smile, “And as long as the price isn’t too far from what I have in mind, I’ll take it. I believe this Gao Sheng isn’t that sort of person.”

About 25 minutes later.

“Di.”

“Luo Feng, Gao Sheng requests a call.” Babata shouted.

“Connect.” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up.

Du!

The screen floated and appeared before them, Gao Sheng’s image appeared.

“Everything is settled, I’ve talked to a brother from the Black Dragon Mountain Star, he’s willing to pay the highest price of 12.8 billion Black Dragon dollars, this is the best price I’ve gotten from all my other good friends.” Gao Sheng said directly, “These people are not stupid at all, they won’t be willing to go any higher.”

“Alright, we’ll sell it at this price.” Luo Feng said easily.

“This is his virtual universe contact number, you can settle the contract with him along with the date and time of the exchange.” Gao Sheng immediately told Luo Feng the number.

After the conversation ended, Luo Feng and the other two returned to Earth.

They brought the silver grey universe ship to Bai Lan Star, for the upcoming trips, they would have to use that ship in the meantime.

Twelve days later.

Bai Lan star, the planet’s docking bay.

“This planet is too cold.” A ship with a decorative design of three swords landed, it’s cabin door opening. A youth dressed in expensive luxurious clothing stepped out followed by two Star level 8 bodyguards. This youth’s mouth especially was fat and chubby, his hair long and dreaded, there was even a special unique marking on his forehead.

“Sir.” The main person in charge of the docking bay respectfully received him.

The fat lipped youth glanced over at the person in charge, surveying his surroundings nonchalantly, spotting Luo Feng and the other two, shouting loudly: “Dear Brother Luo Feng, I’m really glad to be able to meet you.” He ran over to give Luo Feng a bear hug.

“Very nice to see you, Brother Ke Rui.” Luo Feng too hugged him back.

“Where’s my baby?” The youth’s eyes lit up.

“Look.”

Luo Feng pointed in the distance.

The youth immediately flew over to the pure black black dragon ship’s side, extending his arm to caress the body, looking at its grain and scars, he couldn’t help but compliment, “Wow, pure black yttrium, what a lavish black color! Also the old x marking of the black dragon, it’s rarely seen now.”

“It’s been maintained very perfectly. Hehe.” The youth was so excited his eyes were gleaming.

Under Luo Feng’s leadership.

The youth surveyed the black dragon ship’s internal cabins, rooms, etc.

From Gao Sheng’s information, Luo Feng knew this youth came from the main planet of the Black Dragon Mountain empire, an extremely huge background, and the family he was from, was much bigger and stronger than the Nuolan Shan Family! However, these sort of direct descendants of big families couldn’t go about antagonizing Universe level 9 warriors just after meeting them.

“12.8 billion, we’ll exchange the goods and money in one go.” The youth walked out of the cabin door and smiled, “I’ve just transferred the funds, 12.8 billion Black Dragon dollars have entered into your account.”

The deal was successful!

This ship enthusiast youth, brought his new baby, the black dragon mountain x81 ship and left Bai Lan Star. And Luo Feng, he immediately began custom making the survival bases.

“5 million people capacity, a C2 grade little survival base, four of them! The price of 1.6 billion Black Dragon dollars, a total of 6.4 billion!”

“10 million people capacity C2 grade survival base, one of it! Price 2.6 billion Black Dragon dollars.”

“10 million people capacity C3 grade survival base, one! Price 4.2 billion Black Dragon dollars.”

“A total of 13.2 billion black dragon dollars.”

“Your Tie Luo company in the virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain Empire division, there’s a second level manager called Luo Di, his virtual universe number is xxxxxxxx…his attitude is really bad.” Amidst the discussions about the survival bases and business, Luo Feng lodged a complaint.

This was something that his second brother Thunder God strongly requested he added on!

The pitiful little manager Luo Di, ever since he entered the Tie Lo company, such a big company in the universe, he became arrogant. These sort of big companies had high salaries, high commissions, causing him to start looking down on the average masses. While he was only a Star Traveller, his pay was still higher than some Star level bodyguards.

How could he not be arrogant?

Unfortunately…

Meeting a big client in the tens of billions complaint, this second level manager ultimately lost his job. He forgot…that he was still running a business, he shouldn’t look down on people so easily. Even if he hadn’t met Luo Feng and his party, he would eventually have met someone else of the same caliber that would cost him his rice bowl.

Time passed.

Luo Feng had immersed himself deeply in his training the past few days, with Babata’s instruction, his evolution speed was raised to its highest efficiency.

He would only occasionally leave just to receive goods.

……

Within the blink of an eye, it was already year 2062, Dec 24th in China’s time zone. On this calm night, it had been a month since the little explorer team had landed on Earth, Luo Feng and his two brothers were currently returning to Earth again.

“In the following day, I’ll build a survival base in America! This survival base has a 5 million people capacity, of course, in desperate times, we can definitely squeeze more in.”

“In India, we’ll build a similar five million people capacity base.”

“In Russia and the neighboring European countries, we’ll build a combined 10 million people capacity survival base.”

“Asia’s population is bigger, in the other Asian bases, they’ll share one five million people capacity survival base.”

“Africa and South America bases, will share a five million people capacity survival base.”

“China, will use a 10 million people capacity survival base.”

Within the wargod palace, Luo Feng announced to Earth’s upper echelon.

……

In terms of population, China definitely had a better deal! Afterall, Europe and Russia’s population combined together far exceeded China’s, however the two only used one 10 million capacity survival base. However, the leaders of the countries didn’t have any right or authority to say anything, after all, these were bases that Luo Feng was giving to them!

Giving them these bases was an act of benevolence.

Even if Luo Feng didn’t give them anything, no one could blame Luo Feng!

In truth, they didn’t even know…

China’s survival base was a c3 grade, the rest were only c2. While the c2 grade could still barely withstand a Universe level 1 warrior’s attack, it paled in comparison to the c3’s sturdiness.

Earth, China.

The survival base Hope, was built in the north area of the Jiangnan headquarter city. The entire base was just like an enormous pillbox. This survival base’s entire structure was bronze, it’s height was close to 90m, with 28 levels in total. It’s precise space allocation was for 10 square meters for each person.

The survival base had an underground 16 levels.

In the 6m wide walkways, China’s upper echelon was surveying the place.

“Senior official, wouldn’t these be too tight?” A middle aged man couldn’t help but ask.

“Tight?”

With a full head of silver hair, the old man shook his head, “All we are doing now is adding upper and lower decks along with side decks to our original living spaces, allowing 4 people to live in one room! Those activity areas, etc, we don’t even use them, how can this be considered tight? This survival base currently can house 40 million people, and we can totally increase that number!”

“Increasing anymore and we won’t even have the activity areas.” The middle aged man said.

Right now within the survival base, there were still activity areas etc.

People living in there wouldn’t find it too tight.

“A crowded area beats having them dead.” The silver haired old man sighed, looking at the inlayed mirror along the walkway, discovering that his hair had gone all white.

“The universe, is a place full of mystery for us humans of earth.”

“Luo Feng, everything depends on the three of you.”

……

Earth’s various countries, placed all their fighters, science elites and brightest in the survival bases. As the fighters were mostly from a little district, their big movement wasn’t too much of a deal.

……

Time passed.

Earth’s average humans continued living their normal lives as before, Earth’s elites however had all moved into the survival bases!

……

Luo Feng had already reached a planet not too far from the milky way, a government station of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, the Jade Rock Star, it was the center of several countries around. It was in fact more central than several low level empires. The Jade Rock Star was even closer to Earth. With the universe travel, it only took about five days.

On Jade Rock Star.

Luo Feng didn’t dare relax for even a moment, using the highest efficiency to constantly evolve his body.

The moment he reached the Star level, he would be able to access his teacher’s account on Jade Rock star, and immediately apply to be Earth’s leader.

……

In space.

Around that star, eight other planets constantly orbited around, this was the solar system! There was one particular life planet…Earth!

Two enormous interstellar battleships, one leading the other, were flying at shocking speed towards it.

“Senior Pula, just another 2 hours 26 minutes and we’ll reach that life planet!”

“It’s already in sight, that blue green planet, it’s beautiful.”

“How beautiful.”

The Nuolan Shan family fleet, after travelling in space for over two years, had finally reached the solar system.

On that day, it was currently year 2063, February 21st in China’s time zone!


Chapter 300: Time of Urgency

Solar system, a grey, enormous apparatus was currently set up on a moon orbiting Neptune.

Di!

One of its lenses was currently aimed at the two enormous battleships flying past the distant Jupiter.

“Du! Du! Du!”

The huge apparatus immediately flashed several warning lights and a signal right after.

……

Ever since the universe scout ship from before sneaked in without a trace on earth, after Luo Feng left Earth and came to Bai Lan Star, he immediately ordered a few space detecting apparatus, separately installing them on several moons within the solar system. This allowed him to know the moment the Nuolan Shan fleet had arrived.

China, Hope survival base.

“Ring…ring…ring…ring…”

An ear piercing warning alarm immediately resounded across the entire 28 floors of the survival base, the solar panels originally placed at the top floor of the base were immediately kept, all of the large windows automatically shut themselves, the initial important pathways and exits too were shut and everyone went into a state of nervousness!

Survival base underground 12th level.

Luo Feng’s family, Thunder God’s family and Hong’s family were living within this spacious living quarters. However, while they were special and privileged because of their relationships to Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God, their personal space was still a grand total of 10 meter area each.

“Master.”

Meng Two and Meng Four, the two powerful warriors Luo Feng had left behind swiftly rushed in.

“The universe fleet is arriving Earth soon.” Xu Xin looked at her wrist communicator, this was something Luo Feng had given her. “The apparatus’s signal transmitter works at light speed, even faster than the speed of the two battleships. However…it’ll probably be about an hour, the enemies’ interstellar battleships will arrive on earth.”

Everyone within the room fell silent.

“I’ll inform Luo Feng and the others.

Xu Xin immediately went to the room beside, within it lay an untraceable account consciousness transmitting helmet.

……

At the same time!

Earth’s five great countries and twenty three bases were informed of the news. They had already known much earlier…that the Nuolan Shan family fleet would be arriving in three months, hence they had measures prepared for it. After receiving the report, each country began to swiftly put things into motion!

The only thing was…

The upper echelon of earth, the leaders, were still very worried about the situation!

……

No one knew what would become of their fates!

Against a powerful universe family’s fleet from the universe, Earth had no power to resist. Everything could only lie on the hopes of Luo Feng on Jade Rock Star.

Jade Rock Star, was an important hub surrounded by six other huge Empires. The Black Dragon Mountain Empire’s government station on this planet’s main motive was to rely on this planet’s location to deter the other surrounding countries and the Silverblue Empire.

It was modern and bustling beyond compare on Jade Rock Star.

In a particular Oceanside bar, Luo Feng and the other two had rented a little building.

“Today is already February 21st. That Nuolan mountain family fleet’s arrival on Earth should be today.” Thunder God stood outside the villa, looking at the vast sea outside, creasing his eyebrows, “Brother Hong, right now third brother hasn’t even broken through! Will we really not make it in time…then all we can do is…”

“Bear with it! There’s still hope!” Hong said solemnly.

If Luo Feng truly didn’t breakthrough in time, then they could only submit Earth’s properties, population, etc to the Black Dragon Mountain Empire and receive the reward. That way, Earth would belong to the Black Dragon Mountain Empire!

The moment it belonged to the Black Dragon Mountain Empire.

Then Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God would absolutely have no say in Earth’s government.

“Endure, endure, endure.” Thunder God’s disposition may be very good, but as the days passed one after another, along with the thought of the ever closing Nuolan Shan family fleet reaching Earth, this sort of pressure…if it were a normal person, he would have lost it much earlier. “Even I’ve broken through to the star level, but third brother still hasn’t!”

Thunder God was originally at the peak of the Star Traveller 9 level!

Relying on the Yun Mo Planet’s training secrets, along with being on Jade Rock Star, Luo Feng bought them several assisting treasures, Thunder God became the first to breakthrough to the Star level 1, while Hong remained in the Star Traveller 9 level.

“And we don’t even know when he might breakthrough,” Hong turned around, through the special translucent wooden paneled window, he saw Luo Feng sitting crossed legged on the bed.

“Hm?”

Hong and Thunder God realized, Luo Feng’s eyes opened from within the room.

“Has he broken through?”

Hong and Thunder God rushed into the room.

“Hm?” Luo Feng opened his eyes, “It’s a call request from Earth?” Babata was currently semi connected to the virtual universe, just to be able to receive messages, to be able to send out messages however required one’s full consciousness to enter the virtual universe.

When he saw the two seniors rushing into the room with faces of anticipation, Luo Feng shook his head, “No, I haven’t broken through. It’s only that I’ve received a message request from Earth.”

“From Earth?”

Hong and Thunder God were shocked, the countries on earth these past few days wouldn’t have deliberately disturbed them.

“Don’t tell me…”

Hong, Thunder God and Luo Feng’s expressions became ugly.

“Let me check.” Luo Feng closed his eyes, his consciousness entering the virtual universe.

The blue green planet.

Two large objects had just entered the atmosphere.

“Haha…”

Within one of the battle ship’s control room, Pula and four other heirs, via the external image simulator, looked at the clouds covering the beautiful earth, laughing excitedly.

“We’ve finally reached this life planet.”

“After travelling in space for two years, it’s too long.”

These four heirs had extremely high positions, never actually going through such hardships before. The arduous journey through space that took a total of two years!

“Discovered the online network.”

“Already hacked into the planet’s network.”

The control room’s AI swiftly hacked into Earth’s network, acquiring large amounts of information. That AI didn’t know however… that early three months ago, the entire Earth had revamped and cleaned up the entire online network after the incident with the little explorer team! There was a mass clearing of the more important information, footage from the net.

The person orchestrating the whole clean up, was the AI in charge of maintaining the wargod palace.

“This planet’s name is Earth, radius of about 6,400km. Surface mass is 5.1 hundred million square km. Of which 29.2% is land while 70.8% is water bodies. The planet’s gravitational pull is 0.11 of the universal gravitation unit.”

“This planet’s population is close to 7 billion.”

“This planet’s fighter numbers…”

……

The battleship’s AI was swiftly reporting large amounts of data.

“I’ll pass on the good news to teacher.” The handsome youth Bula said and immediately left the control room, entering his private room.

Within his room.

Bula swiftly connected his consciousness and entered the virtual universe.

……

Within a three story luxurious villa, it’s walls covered in a beautiful array of flowers.

Within a quiet room.

“Di, di, di…”

Pula stood within the room, quietly waiting, beside him a screen appeared, it was blank.

Shua!

The screen suddenly displayed an imposing strong looking man, his ears pointed, obviously of the same race as Bula.

“Teacher!” Bula respectfully bowed.

This, was his teacher, and also Pula Nuolan Shan’s grandfather, currently the head of the Nuolan mountain family, Yu Ke Nuolan Shan, one of the newer and more unconventional heads. Unlike the other heads who liked art and spoke of etiquette, this was a brash and wild head, one who displayed more power than the previous generation of heads.

“Hm.” Yu Ke Nuolan Shan nodded, his eyes fixed on Pula,” You’ve reached that planet?”

“Yes, teacher.” Pula said respectfully, “This planet’s aboriginals call it Earth.”

“Earth?” Yu Ke repeated the word a couple of times.

“Bula!” Yu Ke Nuolan Shan said seriously, “The planet you’ve just reached, you have to be extremely careful! Buluo from before has already been out of contact for a total of three months. Even the old head has been unable to contact him. He’s…most likely already dead. That’s why, don’t get careless.”

“Understood.” Pula nodded.

When Buluo Nuolan Shan began not answering to calls, the family didn’t think too much of it initially.

However as time passed, and when even the two other heads couldn’t contact him…the Nuolan Shan family began to suspect that Buluo could had died.

“Everything will go according to plan.”

Yu Ke Nuolan Shan said seriously, “With the greatest speed, collect as much of Earth’s data as you can and begin sampling! With the interstellar space marker, the data and goods, we can swiftly apply to buy the planet from the Black Dragon Mountain Empire and place our family name on it. When that time comes, whatever we want to check or investigate on earth, we can do it slowly and leisurely.”

“Yes, teacher.” Pula said respectfully.

“Go on.” Yu Ke said.

Di.

The call ended.

Pula’s eyes slight squinted, “Data, sampling!”

Sou!

Pula’s consciousness left the virtual universe and returned to reality.

More than 10 billion people lived on Jade Rock Star.

A posh and luxurious city, within one of its Oceanside bars, one could hear the swishing of waves rushing against the beach.

Hong and Thunder God sat crossed legged on the beach, quietly waiting.

Behind them…

In a quiet house.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged on a bed, his entire being immersed in silence, yet within, he was boiling with anxiety and pressure. His body’s training, usually level 1 to 3 is the easiest, 4 to 6 is a little harder and 7 to 9 is even harder. For person at level 9 to breakthrough, that was the hardest part!

As Luo Feng’s core was his original core, hence his soul couldn’t breakthrough, limited by his human body!

His physical body had early on reached the star traveller level 6, however to break into level 7 was extremely difficult! Luo Feng had been stuck at this crucial pass for abit, whenever he felt like it was about to breakthrough, he didn’t seem to be able to!

“The Nuolan Shan family has already reached earth!”

“We don’t have much time, not much at all!”

“Don’t tell me, that we really have to resort to the second route… engaging in a mass evacuation of Earth’s humans? Close to 7 billion all evacuating, and most of them aren’t even at the Star Traveller level, they cannot receive protection from the empire. When they meet slave traders, if they get kidnapped, we can’t even do anything!”

“I can’t accept this, I won’t accept this!!!”

“Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!”

It was an emotion unlike never before!

That glimmer of hope!

“Rumble!”

Luo Feng’s consciousness tremored.

Silence!

All was silent!

His ears could hear the distant waves rushing against the shore, it could hear Hong and Thunder God’s uneasy breathing, and also mechanical noises of the clock hung on the wall, with his powerful spirit reading feel, it seemed like the world had been reborn.

“It’s not the same anymore.” Luo Feng opened his eyes, smiling as he looked around.

“I’m not the same anymore.”

Luo Feng said softly, Earth isn’t the same anymore!”

Outside the house, Hong and Thunder god turned at the same time and looked within the house.

“Big brother, second brother.” Luo Feng smiled, “Follow me to the Universe Galaxy Bank!”


Chapter 301: Universe Mercenaries

Jade Rock Star, a mid level civilization country planet directly controlled by the Black Dragon Mountain Empire. It was an important hub for the six big countries surrounding it, it’s level of importance was higher than even the low level civilizations. Naturally, they had a branch of the Universe Galaxy Bank and the Universe First Bank, the two giants in the banking industry.

At the core of the modern city, land was extremely expensive.

A stunning and breathtaking tower was constructed right here, also, surrounding it was over 3 square km area of grass. In a place where every inch is very expensive, a 3 square km area of no constructs, just plain grass and plant life for dcor, this was an extreme luxury and waste of space.

Admiration could be seen in the eyes of the humans from other planets walking on the street when they looked towards this building.

Just simply because…this was the Universe Galaxy Bank.

“It’s so huge!”

“So pretty!”

Luo Feng and Thunder God raised their heads to look at this ‘art piece’-like building, their gaze filled with awe.

“Definitely has an aura about it, how was it built?” Hong’s eyes too were gleaming.

The three brothers from Earth were almost like little countryside people, shocked at the enormous construct! This skyscraper for the Universe Galaxy Bank had completely created the universe river’s stereoscopic effect. Just looking at it…it was like facing space head on, a visual experience that went beyond extraordinary.

“Last time on Dragon Star, I visited it once before. But seeing it again, it is breathtaking.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but compliment.

“Look, even walking towards the main doors of the bank, the air is different.” Thunder God pushed his lips out and pouted, hinting at the distant customers.

Luo Feng looked over.

Indeed, the occasional customer heading into the Universe Galaxy Bank, had an obvious different air about them! Afterall…the lowest account here was 100 million Black Dragon dollars, a normal planet’s wealthiest would probably only have that much.

“Let’s go, let’s enter.” Luo Feng said.

“Yes.” Hong and Thunder God were filled with anticipation.

The three walked side by side towards the big bank entrance.

The distant traffic of people on the streets, noticing these three walking towards the bank were naturally filled with envy. When would it be…before they themselves would be able to enter the doors of the Universe Galaxy Bank?

The Universe Galaxy Bank’s doors were enormous beyond compare, almost like a huge waterfall, like Earth’s legends of waterfalls with caves behind them, the only difference was…what seemed like a waterfall here, was actually just a result of light reflecting off the door itself.

“If one who wasn’t an old customer of the bank, wants to open an account, they have to go that way.” Luo Feng said comfortably, “However I am an old customer, you two can follow me and we head directly through the main entrance.”

Entering through the ‘water’ entrance.

The interior was extremely spacious; it was a big hall that warmed the hearts and delighted the eyes of whoever that entered.

“How are you sir, please rest over here for a bit, there are many customers today, my apologies.” A beautiful young lady dressed in the bank’s corset with it’s logo smiled as she bowed.

“Understood.”

Luo Feng noticed that on the sofas, there were already about twelve groups of other customers, Luo Feng and the other two followed the instructions and waited on the thirteenth sofa. Beside the sofa, a screen automatically appeared, on it displayed various types of menus and pages.

“Whatever you want to drink, it’s all free.” Luo Feng said.

“Oh?” Hong and Thunder God browsed with interest.

Silently waiting.

Groups of customers entered into the offices, more customers formed up behind and queued. When Luo Feng reached third in the line, the hall had sixteen groups of people.

Hua!

Luo Feng suddenly felt the originally silent hall rise in commotion, this was a commotion where people kept their voices down! One had to know, to be able to enter the Universe Galaxy Bank, everybody had some sort of status or personal status, no matter how rampant and arrogant one was outside, one still had to work hard to prove one was ‘civilized’ here, hence a commotion was a rare occurrence.

“Hm?” Luo Feng turned to look.

Three people walked into the hall.

The one leading them was dressed in a black military uniform, his entire body was fit and sturdy, with a height of 2.1m, his skin green. In the middle of his forehead there was even a third eye! Beside him, there was an obviously weaker and smaller but of the same race person, and the last was was a person completely covered in a black robe.

The one similarity of the three was…

On their left chest, there was a medal, and the picture of the medal was a blood red wave with a planet one it.

“This is…” Luo Feng’s pupils strained!

“In the Virtual Universe Network, I’ve seen those pictures.” Thunder God said with a hushed voice, beside him, Hong’s eyes too were gleaming, burning with intensity.

The other customers who were conscious of their status were all anxious and held their breaths, some were looking crazy with respect towards the three, the others were engaged in hushed discussions.

“Universe mercenaries! Real universe mercenaries!”

“We actually got to see universe mercenaries!”

“And they are the 1 star mercenaries!”

“Three Universe Mercenaries, to be able to see them on Jade Rock Star, this sort of planet, it’s too…too…”

Excitement!

Incomparable excitement!

Including Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God, everyone within the Jade Rock Star branch of the Universe Galaxy Bank was completely filled with excitement. That was because…these three, were within the universe, the most respected, strongest and most valiant organization…the Universe Mercenaries!

The universe’s number one power…the Universe Mercenaries Alliance!

Over 99% of the powerful fighters, spirit readers would all join the Universe Mercenaries Alliance. Even though the alliance was more lax and dispersed, in the vast universe, no Empire would dare to mess with the Universe Mercenaries Alliance. Back then, Luo Feng’s teacher, the master of the Yun Mo Planet Hu Yan Bo, was one of them!

A Star Traveller, would be considered an explorer.

Star level, they had the rights to enter the examinations and earn the title of probationary universe mercenary!

Universe levels had the rights to enter the universe 1 star mercenaries examination!

……

Domain lords, had the rights to enter the universe 3 star mercenaries examinations!

One had to actually earn the rights to take part in the examinations!

Whether one actually earned the titles depended on the results of the examinations! The tests themselves were incredibly difficult and tough, that was why…the authentic universe 1 star mercenaries were all Universe levels that had gone through a tedious selection process! So much so that even Domain Lords who hadn’t passed the 2 star examinations remained as 1 star!

This meant…

The three Universe Mercenaries before everybody, were at least three Universe levels! They might even be Domain Lords!

Universe Mercenaries!

This was something that instilled and commanded a sense of respect and even worship! They lived in tumultuous situations and experienced dangerous life or death situations time after time! They had an invincible amount of power! This was an alliance within the vast universe that countless human races respected and worshipped. Some others may be Universe levels, but they don’t have the guts to join and be mercenaries, or, have no power at all to pass the examinations!

The Universe Mercenaries examinations were called the toughest and strictest of all tests!

It’s death rate percentage was extremely high!

“Three Universe Mercenaries!” Luo Feng felt his heartbeat speed up.

“Fighters able to battle it out on a white dwarf!” Hong looked at these three universe mercenaries, memories surfacing in his mind!

As the strongest warrior on Earth for a long time, Hong anticipated as he saw the Universe Mercenaries who were so much higher up than he was: “One day, I too will become a Universe Mercenary!” The Universe Mercenaries, this was a gold plated medal, much much stronger than any universe warriors ability alone.

As they were mercenaries, almost all of them had partners, their partners too wouldn’t be too much weaker, and they would all have experienced life or death situations countless times!

Even the Nuolan Mountain family wouldn’t dare mess with the three Universe Mercenaries before them! Unless they were prepared for the destruction of their family…

“Three respected guests!”

A rather plump, small eyed fatty with purplish-red skin and two golden horns on his head and was dressed in a dark green uniform sat on the elevator and appeared in the hall. He ran over and said humbly and respectfully, “I am the Universe Galaxy Bank Jade Rock Star’s branch president, Peteri, my three respected guests, please follow me.”

“Ok.”

The leading Universe Mercenary creased his eyebrows slightly, his third eye briefly scanning the fat branch president, nodding.

After that, the three Universe Mercenaries followed the branch president and immediately sat in the elevator and went up the tower.

At once, the bubble burst within the hall and a huge commotion erupted.

“It was actually three Universe Mercenaries.”

“Universe Mercenaries! And two of them are Pishi Race people, the other one was wrapped from head to toe so it was hard to discern.”

“Second Uncle, why did they go up, doesn’t this Universe Galaxy Bank work on its operations on the first floor?”

“Normal customers are handled here, the star customers are all above!”

“What determines a star customer?”

“No idea, anyway even our company’s main person in charge, with properties and wealth in the trillions, still is only a regular customer in the Universe Galaxy Bank, not even reaching the 1 star customer grade requirements.”

Within the bank’s big hall, many groups of people were actively discussing.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God too couldn’t help but discuss in hushed voices.

“From what I see, these three mercenaries are probably 1 star clients.” Thunder God said.

“Maybe, after all the star client’s requirements are absurd.” Luo Feng said.

During their discussion, the personnel in charge of the queue had already reached Luo Feng.

“Sir, it’s your turn.” The bank’s service personnel was incredibly respectful.

“First and second brother, I’ll be back shortly.”

Luo Feng said, under the instructions of the service personnel, he entered the reception room within.

“I would like to make a transfer.” Luo Feng told the personnel within the reception room.

“May I know the number of your account?” Within the reception room, the beautiful personnel said with a smile.

Babata had told Luo Feng the account number earlier on, at this time, Luo Feng was extremely excited! This was one of the 3 accounts left behind by his teacher for him, the 3 accounts were separately for the Star level, Universe level, Domain lord level to acquire. This first account’s amount of money was probably the smallest, however, for someone as big as the master of the Yun Mo Planet…

Even just a strand of hair itself would be extremely thick!

“8492–8593–woxh–8528–5285–032” Luo Feng held his breath, reporting the account number.

“Please wait a moment.”

The personnel worked swiftly within the reception room, before quietly waiting for the universe network to transfer the details.

“This, this is…”

The personnel, who originally had big enough eyes, stared so hard they almost looked the size of fists, pupils filled with shock. After, she turned to look at Luo Feng with shock, trembling as she said, “Respected guest, please, please wait a moment, I have to inform the branch president!” Finishing, she turned and ran out, just after leaving, she ran back in, extremely nervous as she looked at Luo Feng, “Respected customer, there will be someone else taking care of your needs, please wait a moment.” Finishing, she left swiftly.

The Universe Galaxy Bank, Jade Rock Star branch, 9th level.

The branch president Peteri was smiling and respectfully talking to the three Universe Mercenaries, working on their documents: “Even though it’s troublesome, but it’ll be finished really quickly, please wait a moment.” On such a place like Jade Rock Star, even he, would only occasionally have to deal with 1 star clients, after all the requirements to reach the 1 star level is extremely high.

At this time…

“Hua!”

The door was immediately yanked open!

“Hm?” The three Universe Mercenaries turned to look, their faces revealing signs of dissatisfaction, the leader of the group, the Pishi three eyed race human’s gaze was ice cold towards the person barging in.

“What’s the matter?” The branch president was extremely dissatisfied!

How could one barge in while he was receiving important guests?

A lady along with a similar fat man with two horns entered, both gazing straight with distress at the branch president. Peteri was slightly alarmed, these two, one of them was the vice president while the other was a service personnel, Peteri got the hint and told the three people with a bow: Please wait a moment.”

As he finished, he swiftly left and closed the door.

“What’s the matter?” The president creased his eyebrows and looked at the two of them, “Little brother, don’t you know I’m currently entertaining three 1 star customers? This is a big deal!”

“I know.” The fat vice president who looked similar to the president forehead was filled with perspiration, “However this is even bigger.”

“What’s the matter?” The president Peteri seemed shocked.

“Let’s talk in the private room.” The other personnel said.

The president squinted his eyes, the reception room for the three universe mercenaries was a special room made for such special guests, even spirit energy couldn’t pass through, absolutely soundproof, it even blocked many different kinds of signals. And the private room, was the Universe Galaxy Bank’s even more prestigious room for important matters, even Undying Beings would have trouble eavesdropping.

Very quickly, the three reached the private room.

Within the private room, the president looked at the personnel and said: “Speak, what’s the matter?”

“Big matter.” The vice president choked and cleared his throat.

“President.” The personnel’s face was flushed from excitement, she said softly, “There’s a client downstairs looking to withdraw money and transfer accounts, his account…is a 5 star account!”

“What?”

The president’s face immediately went pale!

My god!

Many planets’ Universe Galaxy Bank branch presidents would occasionally meet a one star client, they were incredibly rare, even to the point where it took decades to meet a single two star client, and one may not even meet a three star client in one’s lifetime, much less the legendary five star client! One had to know…Even Universe level warriors, to be a one star client was pretty decent already.

Five star account, what does that signify?

A client with a five star account can buy planets like they were candy! A place like the Silverblue Empire’s low level civilizations, in front of this client, was like ants! Even in the vast universe, even in the universe high level civilizations, Empires, he would still be a person of high status!

One breath, and he could order hundreds of millions of people to become slaves, hundreds of millions of people to rise up below him, such a terrifying force and presence!

“Five star account?”

The president was completely dumbfounded.

“Right, brother, if you don’t believe me, you can check for yourself. Right now the entire bank’s control settings have been completely transferred and controlled by AIs! Our every word and movement is being monitored…Before, if we actually dared to mention anything about the five star client outside the private room, the bank’s AI would have immediately killed us.” The vice president’s head was covered in cold sweat.

The president too decided to wipe his own head.

The Universe Galaxy Bank, such a powerful and enormous bank, definitely placed its clients before everything else! Especially the five star clients, these sort of clients placed their wealth within the bank and the bank used that money to circulate and invest, the revenue generated everyday had huge amounts of profits! These sort of clients, if their secrecy were ever to be divulged…even if it meant destroying one whole planet, the Universe Galaxy Bank would do whatever it took to protect the client’s secrecy and not leak out any information.


Chapter 302: Huge Amounts of Wealth

Within the reception room.

“Babata, what’s the matter, why do I feel a sense of uneasiness?” Luo Feng rubbed his chin, questioning Babata through his thoughts.

“Is there something wrong?” The little demon feigned ignorance.

“The look and expression of that personnel before, seemed like Earth’s western religious groups finally meeting their god, or angel or something like that. Before, even when they saw the Universe Mercenaries, their expressions didn’t even go that far.” Luo Feng asked, “Babata, tell me, just what’s going on? Don’t lie or trick me!”

“I say.” Babata mocked, “The account you reported before, is actually a five star account.”

“Five star account?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

In the enormous hall before, everyone had heard that even wealth and amounts up to the trillions were only normal customers, not even reaching the one star account requirements! Compared to the one star account, who knew how many times larger the five star account had to be, what was the meaning in this?

“The teacher couldn’t possibly give me that much money just from the first account right?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

Star level, Universe level, Domain Lord level, he could acquire a total of three large amounts whenever he broke through, one for each level!

This first amount, should the least of the three!

“That’s a given!”

“This first amount of money is definitely the smallest! It’s like only a drop of water in the vast ocean of your teacher’s wealth! As for this account…actually, your Universe level account, is also 8492–8593– woxh–8528–5285–032′, the Domain Lord level account, is also this one! Incidentally, it’s also the same account that your teacher used back then! A five star account.” Babata said.

“The account my teacher used to use?” Luo Feng was stunned.

The master of the Yun Mo Planet!

This was the ultimate warrior with nine Undying Beings as slaves under him, a powerful being even amongst the Undying. In the Ganwu Empire, he was also quite a powerful being. This person, with that much power, having a five star account wasn’t strange at all.

“The three accounts your teacher arranged for you, in truth, are all in this account.” Babata said.

“What does that mean?” Luo Feng was somewhat unclear.

“The same account, with different passwords and opening mechanisms, hence the amount of money you will receive will be different.” Babata said.

Luo Feng realized immediately.

Even the bank cards on Earth had the same mechanism, entering a password and discovering a balance of 10,000 dollars. Entering another password and the balance becomes 10 million dollars. Enter a third password and maybe the balance becomes 1 billion! If anybody were to ever be robbed or kidnapped and blackmailed into revealing their back account password…the robbers retrieving the money would only be able to retrieve 10,000 dollars only.

“This account, is the main account.”

“All three parts of the inheritance your teacher left you, is all here in this account.”

“However, there’s three different ways to acquire the inheritance in this account, through these different methods, the inheritance you acquire will be different.” Babata explained.

“So I see.” Luo Feng realized.

At this point in time, the fat and chubby branch president rushed in through the doors, very enthusiastically and respectfully: “Respected guest, please follow me.”

They rode in the elevator and arrived at the tower’s thirteenth floor.

Du!

“Respected guest.” A clear crisp voice resounded from a metal robot, “Universe Galaxy Bank welcomes you.”

Luo Feng left the elevator suspiciously, the branch president bowed respectfully and left in the elevator.

“Please follow me.” The metal robot said to Luo Feng.

“Eh? A robot is serving me?” Luo Feng said suspiciously.

He didn’t know…that the position of the Jade Rock Star’s Universe Galaxy Bank’s president was too low; even he wasn’t deemed worthy enough to serve Luo Feng!

Within a luxurious and comfortable reception room.

“8492–8593–woxh–8528–5285–032”. Luo Feng sat down, clearly repeating in universe language, “This is the account, I would like to withdraw money from.”

“Please wait a moment.”

The metal robot smiled, at this point in time, it said, “Please scan across this board on my arm with your spiritual force.” Suddenly, a peculiar black and gold board extended from the robot’s arm.

“Spiritual force?” Luo Feng smiled.

Babata had mentioned, one of the requirements of withdrawing the money was…his spiritual force had to be at least a star level, and it had to be spiritual force from the Yun Mo Planet sect to be able to pass.

Luo Feng’s thoughts moved, his spiritual force brushed past the board.

“Di!”

“The requirements match!”

The metal robot looked at Luo Feng, “Please enter the threefold four dimensional wave band password, respected guest, you can choose to enter it with your spiritual force, voice or manually with your hands.”

The threefold four dimensional wave band password was extremely complex, and it went according to the time and space marker, etc to generate the account. According the original password, and the time and space marker, the spiritual force level, etc, a new password would be generated right that moment! Also, the method of calculation and determining was set by the Yun Mo Planet master back then.

Moreover, this password was three fold!

“What a long password.” Luo Feng used the quantum computer to connect to the Universe Galaxy Bank’s system, before using his spiritual force to enter the password.

“Check the balance.” Luo Feng felt nervous as he gave the order.

Nervousness! Anxiety!

His teacher, was a person whose wealth could even match the wealth of an entire Empire in the universe. However, his wealth was split into three portions, and the Star level amount he was receiving was also the least. Just how much would this smallest portion be? Luo Feng didn’t have to much faith or guarantee it…but who knew just what his teacher thought?

“I hope I can afford Earth, I hope I can afford Earth.” Luo Feng secretly prayed.

“Du!”

The screen on Luo Feng’s arm lit up, numbers appeared on the screen, the long number of 0s in the figure dumbfounded Luo Feng.

“10 000 000 000”

“Tens, hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands…hmm, hundred million, 10 billion?” Luo Feng stared at the currency symbol behind, “Ganwu dollars?”

“10 billion Ganwu dollars!” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up completely, his expression filled with joy.

What a gift!

He was a kind teacher indeed! 10 billion Ganwu dollars, even the government’s reward itself was a total of 10 billion Black Dragon dollars! Through the Black Dragon dollar exchange route, one could totally exchange for tens of trillions of Black Dragon dollars. Even Universe level warriors had to probably sell off a few planets to be able to acquire a fortune this huge.

“Your teacher back then thought, when you reach the Star level, you’d probably just begun messing around in the universe, 10 billion Ganwu dollars should be enough! Afterall, it would be good for those heirs to the large families to be able to acquire just 100 million Ganwu dollars.” Babata said.

Luo Feng nodded his head and agreed.

Even Gao Sheng Wei Di only acquired a life planet after 10 years, and he wouldn’t dare sell it off.

“Babata, my Universe and Domain Lord level accounts, just how much would I get in those levels?” Luo Feng asked, Babata back then was the teacher’s AI, the three accounts the teacher set up in the Virtual Universe Network, he would definitely be the clearest of the amounts.

“I can’t say, I can’t say.”

Babata insisted on not divulging the information.

“I just can’t say and that’s final!”

“10 billion, and it’s in Ganwu dollars!” Luo Feng looked at the balance, finally feeling a sense of wealth and security. This wasn’t Black Dragon dollars, but the much more valuable Ganwu dollars! Amongst the Star levels, even the heirs of big families, the later generations with huge powers, Luo Feng would still be considered one of the richest wealthiest of the lot.

One had to know that the wealthiest person on normal planets usually only had about 100 million Black Dragon dollars!

Just Luo Feng alone, was akin to tens of thousands of these wealthiest put together!

“Transfer!” Luo Feng looked at the metal robot and said, “Transfer it to the account that’s linked to my spiritual force imprint.”

This teacher’s account, was linked and bound to his teacher’s spirit imprint, even though he had ways to open it, it was too troublesome to open it time and again.

The spiritual force imprint was the safest and most convenient method.

Outside the entrance of the Universe Galaxy Bank.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God walked out.

“Luo Feng, is the money enough?” Thunder God asked.

“Is it sufficient?” Hong too asked nervously.

To request to buy Earth, astronomical amounts of money was required.

“No problem at all!” Luo Feng smiled, “Come, let’s head to the Empire Government and buy Earth.”

Milky way, Earth.

The entire population of ordinary citizens still went about their lives as per normal, completely oblivious to the fleet from the universe arriving on Earth! And Earth’s fighters, scientists, etc, the families of the elites, all waited within the survival bases, they too didn’t know of the dangers that had arrived…only the upper echelon knew!

In the air above the Pacific ocean.

Two enormous battleships floated side by side.

Within one of the battleships.

The Nuolan Shan family’s eight great heirs stood in a row, looking at the huge screen above the control board. These eight Star level 9 youths, looked serious and determined, not one of them smiling.

“Scan complete!”

“Earth’s population is close to 7 billion, amongst them 1.8 billion of them are living in six survival bases. This planet’s Student level, Star Traveller level fighters, over 99% of them are in the survival bases. And outside those, there are almost none that have even reached the Student level 1.” The battleship’s AI swiftly calculated and reported.

As an interstellar battleship, it’s scanning capabilities and radius was extremely huge.

Earth’s radius was only about 6,400km, scanning through it’s entirety was simple.

“Survival bases! There are survival bases!” Among the eight heirs, one black skinned youth raged, “Who said this was a backward planet with no leader? They even have survival bases, I don’t believe that a small little planet like this has the ability to manufacture the parts required to build survival bases! It’s definitely impossible!”

“Right.”

A Nuolan Shan family direct descendant nodded, “I agree too, this planet definitely has had communication with the universe!”

“But what should we do now?”

“Buluo definitely must have been killed by an aboriginal of this planet.”

“Don’t call them aboriginals, this planet definitely isn’t an aboriginal planet, to be able to build six survival bases, and they are all C grade, just these six bases alone…even in the universe, normal planet’s wouldn’t be able to build them!”

There was a ruckus within the control room.

They had originally thought it would be simple to deal with Earth, but looking at the situation now, this planet’s upper echelon had all hidden within the survival bases! The ordinary folk outside that had not even reached the Student level 1, to have done this step itself… obviously they had prepared for this invasion much earlier. Even the information gathered from the network probably isn’t reliable.

Naturally, the eight heirs weren’t too happy.

“Silence.” A serious voice resounded.

The other seven heirs turned, Pula was the one speaking! He was the one amongst them with the highest authority and position!

“Earth’s upper echelon are all hiding within the survival bases, these bases, we can’t do anything about them.” Pula’s gaze was ice cold, he scanned the seven in the room, “Right now…one group will act according to the plan and swiftly gather Earth’s various mineral ores, etc, begin sampling and collecting data! As for the rest…I’m going to see the teacher!”

Since a young age, Bulua was always the brightest within the Nuolan Shan family.

At the Star level 9, he had his own domain and was the family’s biggest hope to be the next Universe level heir, he was indeed a genius! Of course there was no comparison to the freaks of nature Hong and Thunder God who had their own domains at the Star Traveller level.

Geniuses, had their own privileges.

Pula could easily meet up with the heads and elders. Compared to the tragic Bulo from before, he was much stronger.

Virtual universe, Ganwu Empire, Black Dragon Mountain Island.

“Du!”

Two human silhouettes appeared on the screen, ears pointy and pupils red. One of the two was more imposing and intimidating while the other seemed more comfortable to be around.

“Teacher, Elder.” Pula bowed respectfully, his heart within stunned… there two Heads before him, “I have urgent news to report.”

“Speak.” The intimidating presence of the current head Yu Ke Nuolan Shan said.

“This planet, has made ample preparation for our invasion!”

“Their planet’s upper echelon and elites are all hiding well within survival bases, and these bases are all C grade. We have no way to break through them.” Pula said solemnly, “I can deduce…that the valuable information, etc on this planet has been collected or destroyed, we have no way to check it out.”

“Also, the building of a survival base is extremely complex, one planet alone definitely cannot do it. The survival bases are most definitely bought from the universe.”

On the screen, the Head and Elder’

As long as one wasn’t dim, anyone could have guessed that this planet has had contact with the universe.

“I’ve checked, this planet is still currently without a leader.” The Elder said.

“Teacher, Elder, what should be the next step for our fleet on earth?” Pula questioned respectfully.

The two heads discussed quietly.

Pula didn’t dare interrupt.

“Pula!” Yu Ke Nuolan Shan’s gaze was piercing, “With the greatest speed, collect data and record the planet’s coordinates! After that, with the greatest speed possible, send this data to the closest Black Dragon Mountain government branch station at Jade Rock Star! Since Earth is doesn’t have a leader, we have to as quickly as possible buy it under our name.”

“Two!”

Yu Ke Nuolan Shan’s voice resounded firmly, “Begin searching on the planet, whether there are any treasures left behind by that Undying Being back then!”

“Three! Remember, the strongest and sturdiest fort usually crumbles from within! Since you have no way to forcefully break into the survival bases, be it hypnotism, or bewitching or confusing the human hearts within, whatever the case…finding a way to control the human race will greatly benefit our excavation of Earth’s treasures.”

“Four, I remember you said that there were large numbers of beasts on this planet? Begin taming and communicate with them, they too are the life forms of this Earth, maybe they know of places within Earth.”

“Understood!” Pula complied.

“Go on, immediately begin.” Yu Ke gave the order.

“Yes sir!” Pula complied.

When Pula began to act on all four fronts, giving out the orders, ordering over 1000 star levels and tens of thousands of star travellers, Luo Feng was at Jade Rock Star’s government branch.

The empire government branch.

“This is this planet’s coordinates.”

“This is our travel log and record of us reaching this planet.”

“As for this planet’s samples and data, etc, everything is already in here.” Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God sat in the chairs, Hong and Thunder God didn’t speak universe language, all they could do was rely on the quantum computers and AIs to translate through their thoughts. Luo Feng sat at the side and spoke.

The government branch personnel were working on the case.

One of the personnel said: “If the space marker and travel log, etc pass without any problems, you will acquire 100 billion Black Dragon dollars as a reward…”

“No, I don’t want the reward.”

Luo Feng looked at this personnel, “Discovering a leaderless planet, I have the right and authority to purchase it! I want to buy it!”

The group of government officials within who were originally locked in discussion immediately went silent, turning to look at Luo Feng.

“Buy a life planet?” The personnel couldn’t help but repeat the question.

This wasn’t simply purchasing a weapon, treasure or something of the sort, a life planet was something much more expensive.

“Yes, I want to buy it.” Luo Feng said.


Chapter 303: This is…

Jade Rock Star Empire government branch, of the huge expanse of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, it was considered an out of the way place.

Buying a planet?

It was something they hadn’t heard of in years.

“Three guests, please follow me upstairs.” A skinny government official said.

“Ok.”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God followed him and very quickly reached the government branch’s 34th floor.

“Mr. Luo Feng, is it?” The official looked at Luo Feng, “Are you sure you want to purchase this, according to your information, the planet called ‘Earth’?”

“Absolutely!”

Luo Feng’s eyebrows creased, “We should be able to buy it right?”

“Mr. Luo Feng, as the first person to discover the leaderless planet and delivering the news to us, you definitely have all the rights to purchase it.” The official emphasized, “However, I do have to remind Mr Luo Feng…when we sent the numbers of this planet to the empire headquarters, the answer we got from them was…once everything was cleared, they would give you a reward of 100 billion Black Dragon dollars, do you know the implications behind that reward?”

“The implications behind the reward?” Luo Feng was stunned.

Suddenly, Luo Feng thought of something Babata had once mentioned to him before… ‘discovering a leaderless planet, the Black Dragon Mountain Empire will act accordingly on the different planets, the lowest reward is 10 billion Black Dragon dollars and the highest is 100 billion Black Dragon dollars.’

“This is the highest reward?” Luo Feng understood finally.

“Yes!”

The official nodded, “Even though the numbers and large amounts of data you provided are still in process of being confirmed, however…just from that planet’s coordinates, caused the empire headquarters to determine that this planet is of the highest degree of life planets! The person who discovered it, would be given the highest level of reward! If you want to buy this planet, then you’d also have to pay the highest price!”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god glanced at each other.

How much would they have to spend just to buy Earth, Luo Feng was discussing with his two senior brothers earlier…

According to the laws of the empire.

To immediately purchase a planet, the lowest price is 300 billion, the highest is 3 trillion Black Dragon dollars! This was the privilege given to the person who discovers a leaderless planet. If it was a planet auction, then there’d be no limit on the price.

“You mean, Earth belongs to the highest price level of life planets?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask.

“Yes! That’s what the headquarters replied to us.” The official nodded.

“As expected!” Thunder God twitched his mouth.

Luo Feng and Hong were helpless.

Before, Babata had already guessed…a life planet that an Undying Being had once governed, would most probably be regarded as one of the highest level.

“Requires 3 trillion Black Dragon dollars, right?” Luo Feng looked at him.

“Yes.” The official nodded.

“I’ll take it.” Luo Feng said without hesitation.

The Earth was priceless within Luo Feng’s heart, no matter how much he’d have to spend,he would still do it.

“My apologies.” The official said apologetically, “If. Mr Luo Feng intends to buy Earth, he would first have to submit an application! Next…with regards to the large amount of numbers and data you provided, they would have to be passed though the empire headquarters individual departments for audit, verifying their authenticity, before finally completing the deal!”

“Damn, it’s just like on Earth, doing anything requires going through an entire process.” Thunder God muttered in mandarin.

“How long would it take.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask.

“I am but a distant planet’s small little official, I cannot guarantee the headquarters and its departments audit would require how long, I can only inform you Mr Luo Feng! According to the empire’s laws limits…the slowest is 30 days! I’m not sure of the fastest. If you are a person from a big family within the empire, maybe just the amount of time for a cup of tea and it would be done.” The official revealed a smile.

Luo Feng’s expression changed!

Hong and Thunder God’s expressions also became ugly!

“30 days?” Luo Feng was panicking.

The Nuolan Shan family had already arrived on earth, they would definitely be collecting data, samples and the space coordinates. They could immediately enter the universe travel and reach jade rock star. With regards to speed, with the huge background and connections of the Nuolan Shan family, the efficiency of the empire working for them would probably be much higher!

Before the purchase is completed, he cannot relax, who knew what could go awry?

“It definitely cannot take 30 days.” Thunder God said seriously, “I can see, the way they work is exactly like on Earth. If it gets dragged out by them, things could go seriously wrong! We have to settle this in the greatest speed possible.”

“And even if nothing goes wrong, 30 days? Who knows what Earth would even look like after 30 days.” Hong’s eyebrows creased.

Luo Feng nodded.

Suddenly he raised his head and looked at the official in front of him, standing straight up and walked towards him.

“Mr. Luo Feng, what are you doing?” The skinny official seemed flustered.

Pa! Pa!

Luo Feng slammed both palms on the desk before him, leaning over and staring straight at the skinny official, “I need to settle this with the greatest speed possible!”

“My apologies.” The official shook his head apologetically, “I am but a little official on a distant little planet.”

“If you can settle it in 7 days, I’ll give you 10 million Black Dragon dollars!” Luo Feng stared at the official, his voice serious, raising one finger, “if you can settle it in 3 days, I’ll give you 100 million Black Dragon dollars!” the official’s eye’s looked like they were about to pop out, his entire body in a mess. An official of the empire had a very high salary.

But even after working for a whole lifetime, he wouldn’t be able to have 100 million Black Dragon dollars.

That was the price a status of a normal planet’s wealthiest!

100 million Black Dragon dollars was enough for him to get a Star level bodyguard, buy a large group of beautiful slaves, make all his close relatives and friends along with his fellow similar race people have to suck up to him, and lead a wealthy, luxurious and comfortable life .

“Huff, huff.” The official’s breathing was in disarray.

“If you can settle it in a day, I’ll give you 500 million Black Dragon dollars!” Luo Feng’s gaze was piercing, with five fingers raised, “Settle it in an hour and I’ll give you 1 billion Black Dragon dollars!”

The official’s eye’s opened wide, he choked.

My god!

Even biscuits from the heavens weren’t this big!

“Mr. Luo Feng!” The official’s breathing was heavy, his eyes red, he said seriously, “I mentioned before about the time it takes to drink a tea, that’s something only the big families and elders in the empire can say, only the empire’s highest level giving the order will enable that speed! As this involves too many departments, I have no guarantee to complete it within an hour, however, I definitely have a 100% guarantee of finishing this in a day!”

The official’s neck thickened!

Luo Feng smiled.

A 100% guarantee of finishing in a day? He said before that the slowest was 30 days and he had no way of guaranteeing anything, that he was only a small little official without any methods.

The power of money, was apparent within the universe.

“However I require the money immediately to pave the road.” The official’s eyes were lit, speaking rapidly, “As the audit of buying a planet etc, involves 12 departments, I have to call through to every department! According to normal procedure, this would normally take over 15 days. I do know people within those departments!”

“No worries!”

“Even if you personally bring out some big shot and order from the higher levels, they probably would still be slower than me, because I’m well connected from within.”

“Would Mr. Luo Feng first pass me 100 million, I’ll begin immediately.” The official said, “If a big person like Mr. Luo Feng wanted to kill me, it would be akin to stepping on an ant, simple and easy, hence I definitely wouldn’t take Mr Luo Feng’s money and not do the work.”

“Very well.”

Luo Feng smiled and nodded, “I’ll first pass you 200 million Black Dragon dollars, after everything is completed, I’ll pass you another 300 million.”

He was already willing to spend 3 trillion to buy the planet, why bother about another 500 million Black Dragon dollars? It was just scrap compared to it! Luo Feng was clear, mice had their own little pathways, to allow this well connected from within official to deal with matters would probably be faster than asking Gao Sheng to help out! Also, Gao Sheng was only an heir from a large family, the officials from the different departments within the Black Dragon Mountain Empire may not even recognize him.

Gao Sheng too would need to ask someone else for help, etc…

Luo Feng didn’t want to owe favors too much for no good reason! These sort of favors weren’t easy to return.

Milky Way, Earth.

China, Hope survival base.

“I say my little sister, when will your husband return? Also! When will those outer space fleets leave?” Xu Gang sat in a chair, smoking on cigarette after cigarette, obviously feeling anxious and flustered.

There was no way to not feel panicked!

“Big brother, you are panicking, but you are still much better off than all the ordinary people living outside.” Xu Xin reprimanded him angrily, “Right now it’s not just you, the entire world’s upper echelon are all waiting…waiting for Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God to send some news over. We cannot do anything but patiently wait, slowly wait!”

Xu Gang took a deep breath.

They could only wait!

It wasn’t just him, everyone on Earth was anticipating. Against this universe interstellar fleet…the entire Earth’s human population was like a child without even a single trace of resistance, Earth’s countless people were all silently anticipating, hoping…that Earth’s pride, the three warriors at the peak of Earth’s strength, who were in the distant depths of the universe would be able to get them a chance of survival!

Yes, Luo Feng and the other two, in the distant Jade Rock Star, were working hard for Earth!

……

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

On Earth, Asia, Europe, North America…across all the large continents or sea bodies, human silhouettes were seen flying past in the skies! Within a short half a day of the universe outer space fleet arriving on Earth, the news couldn’t even be hidden at all, majority of the population had already found out.

Look?

That man with a height of 3m, green skinned, eyes big as bowls, that obviously isn’t someone from Earth!

Countless strange humans flew from the cities in the air.

The ordinary folk of Earth were all dumbfounded.

……

The Nuolan Shan family fleet was currently engaging their plan from four fronts!

“Sir Pula, we’ve communicated with the native beasts of Earth, we’ve discovered a few strange sea bodies! Over there…in that region, also known on Earth through various books and studies as the renowned Bermuda sea.” Three Star level 8 spirit readers respectfully led the way, the handsome Pula followed them and flew over.

Bermuda, its name and reputation was too huge on earth.

There were many books on earth introducing it, the Nuolan Shan family fleet too had scanned every bit of data and book on earth, hence coming to know of Bermuda.

“Rumble…”

The four rushed straight into the sea.

Swiftly descending!

“Lord Pula, look, over there.” The three star level 8 spirit readers were somewhat excited.

Pula looked and scanned carefully.

In the distance, there was a blur enormous white silhouette, with them gradually getting closer, the white blur image began to get clearer. This was an incredibly huge, bigger than every of earth’s skyscrapers, an enormous pyramid! This pyramid itself was without a single scathe or trace of degradation.

There wasn’t even any weeds or water plants.

It was fresh as though it was brand new!

“Lord Pula, this white pyramid is 1200m tall, it’s entire structure is floating in the sea.” A slightly fat black skinned spirit reader amongst them explained.

“Pyramid!”

Pula’s eyes lit up, flying closer, trembling slightly as he extended his hand to carefully touch the surface of the pyramid. The strange thing was…the entire pyramid’s body was a silver white color, there wasn’t even a trace of any alloy connectors, almost as though this 1200m high silver pyramid was completely irrigated to form the shape this way.

“This, this this…” Pula’s eyes grew brighter and brighter, his entire body trembling, “This is…”

“A big treasure, a big treasure!” Pula’s eyes flushed red, excited to the max.


Chapter 304: Extreme Excitement

Floating within the Bermuda ocean, was an enormous silver white pyramid, at a height of 1200m tall, even though it’s been there for tens of thousands of years, time hadn’t left even a trace or scar on it’s surface!

“This is…an automaton universe ship!!!”

Pula was extremely excited.

The Automaton Race!

Even though the human race had always been known as one of the leading races within vast universe, however, there were still other races that were able to go toe to toe with the human race! The Automaton Race was one of them! Accurately speaking…everyone of the Automaton Race were living AIs, the technology of the entire race had advanced to an unbelievable level!

Also…

Every one of the Automatons were absolutely powerful fighters!

As they are different from humans and did not require going through the slow process of training, the living AIs only required a powerful body, with enough powerful battle skills and techniques within their memories, they would immediately become powerful fighters! Theoretically speaking, no matter how strong the Automatons were, they had no way to become Undying Beings! However…the Automatons actually broke this curse, with several Undying Being within their race!

Just like the one that died on the Yun Mo Planet ship!

“The Automaton Race, the race with highly advanced technology.” Pula’s eyes lit up, “Our entire human race within the universe, a lot of it’s technology was taken from the Automaton Race themselves.”

“An automaton universe ship, usually even the lowest grades are c grade, the way I see it, this is probably a d grade, or even higher.” Pula couldn’t tell specifically, unlike the humans who used the metals and alloys in a more distinct way, which was easier to tell what sort of metals were used. What alloy! The universe ship, etc, constructs from the automaton race, humans had no way at all to tell just what they were made of.

The feeling of it…it might be a new material altogether.

Hence, a D grade ship from the automatons would usually be regarded immediately by humans as a D9 grade. It was the best in the grade! One automaton ship’s price was extremely expensive, much more expensive than a ship of the same grade built by humans.

“Entrance, where’s the entrance?” Pula shouted.

“Lord Pula, the entrance is on that side! However the entrance is extremely dangerous, we threw some broken weapons in and they were all immediately vaporized into nothing.”

“That’s a good thing!”

Pula excitedly flew over.

The entrance of the pyramid was close to it’s bottom, it was a beautiful mysterious triangular like pathway, the cabin door was opened much earlier, but no one was capable of entering it.

“Analyze the strength of the attacks.” Pula flipped his hand, a reserved weapon that he used before appeared, it was a very long sword.

He casually threw it over.

The sword flew into the triangular pathway.

“Chi…” The mysterious three-colored light beam shot out from the three sides of the pathway walls, brushing past the sword, the sharp and incredibly sturdy sword produced a slight rustle of noise before being vaporized into powder and subsequently nothing at all.

“Good!” Pula shouted excitedly, “Even a C2 grade weapon was easily destroyed!”

What did it mean?

It meant that normal Universe level 2 fighters couldn’t even withstand the attack.

“The stronger the better.” Pula’s eyes lit up, throwing out a second reserve weapon, an exact copy of the weapon before. These reserve weapons weren’t worth much…before, it was a strength weapon, now it was a spirit weapon.

“Chi chi…”

This time, the sword received the three colored light wave, slightly trembling before breaking apart a little, however, the speed this time was much slower.

“It’s having a harder time breaking the C5 grade?” Pula nodded, his smile growing wider, “Very good, extremely good.”

An universe ship, strongest attack would definitely not be at just the entrance of the ship, because these sort of entrances had to maintain their defenses for an extremely long time, moreover, it’s simply just the entrance, hence it couldn’t be the strongest weapon on the ship.

Like the black dragon mountain x81, the entrance’s attack could only kill normal Star Traveller level 2 or 3 warriors. Yet it’s laser cannon was of a B6 grade.

“The entrance pathway alone is that powerful!”

“This ship, it’s lowest grade would probably be a D grade! It could very well be an E grade ship!” Pula’s eyes lit up.

“If it’s a D grade, a D grade automaton ship, it’s equivalent to a human race D9 grade ship!” Pula was extremely excited, this ship’s every detail and power was extremely exaggerated.

With a diameter of 100m, a ship just like the black dragon ship, C5 grade.

A cheap C5 grade. With a diameter of 100m, would be priced at several hundred million. And the C9 grade, even if it was purely made of alloys, would be close to 10 billion Black Dragon dollars! After all, the C9 grade’s defensive capabilities were tens of times stronger than the C5 grade.

As for the D grade!

A Universe level warrior and a Domain Lord usually rode in this level of ship, the Nuolan Shan family’s first head Nuolan Shan himself sat in a D5 grade ship, spending 20 billion Ganwu dollars for it!

D1, that alone was about 100 billion Black Dragon dollars.

D9 grade, even if it was all alloys, was at least one thousand times more than the D1 grade! One could say, one had to sell ten to one hundred life planets before being able to afford a D9. Hence, to a Domain Lord, even this was expensive. Of course…The prices mentioned were all referring only to the ships with 100m diameters. As for those with a height of 1200m like the pyramid, at the D9 grade, with a huge body, the material used would be even more.

The price naturally would be absurd!

One could say…

Most Domain Lords couldn’t even afford it!

“D9 grade, diameter 100m, if we sold off the entire Nuolan Shan’s family fortune, we could still afford it. However, for something at 1200 tall…The entire family fortune wouldn’t even come close to being enough.” Pula’s eyes were gleaming, “If this pyramid is e grade…”

Five minutes later.

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain Island.

Within a large hall.

The 8 heirs stood side by side, a screen appeared before them, on it was the head Yu Ke Nuolan Shan.

“Teacher!” Pula said determinedly, extremely excited, “We’ve discovered on Earth an Automaton Race universe ship within the sea.”

“Automaton Race?” The head’s expression on the screen seemed stunned too.

“Yes, teacher, also, that automaton ship’s height is 1200m, it’s lowest possible grade is also D grade.” Bula said.

D grade, it was the common ship of most of the Domain Lords! It’s price was definitely absurd.

Also, it was a D grade, the most popular and expensive, of the Automaton Race, and it was even 1200m tall!

“This, this…” Yuke Nuolan Shan’s eyes lit up too.

“Teacher.” Another handsome youth said loudly, “Not just that, we’ve also discovered here on Earth…that Earth was attacked by a Swallowing Beast not long ago. This Swallowing Beast, in actual fact, was a space beast of the best and elite bloodline, the brutal and savage Golden Horned Beast! Of course, this Golden Horned Beast back then was only a Star level 1, it was only an infant.”

“Golden Horned Beast infant?” Yuke Nuolan Shan became even more shocked.

A Golden Horned Beast infant, if it was alive, it’s price would be many times that of the automaton universe ship!

Maybe, the E grade automaton ship’s price could compare to the Golden Horned Beast infant.

However…

To the Nuolan Shan family, this too was an enormous treasure!

“However the Golden Horned Beast infant was said to have been killed, we are currently looking for it’s corpse.” The handsome youth said.

“Killed?” Yuke’s eyes stared wide, taking a deep breath, he knew too that he had lost his composure, immediately staring at Pula, “Pula, hows the data gathering and sampling?”

“I was just about to report, we’ve completed gathering and sampling.” Bula said.

“Very good!”

Yuke’s eye’s gleamed, “Immediately send a little ship with these data and samples, along with the space coordinates. Reach Jade Rock Star and request to buy this planet. This planet belongs to our Nuolan Shan family! We definitely, definitely cannot let anyone else take it away. Also! With regards to this Earth, we have to keep it all secret, with the highest degree of security.”

“Yes sir!”

The eight heirs resounded together.

“Earth probably still has other treasures, the ones who understand it the best would be its native humans. Hurry up…with the quickest methods, control Earth’s humans. Use both gentleness along with force.” Yuke said.

“Understood.”

The eight heirs replied loudly.

“Very good, extremely good!” Yuke was obviously very excited.

A ship that even the Domain Lords would find luxurious, (This is only if it’s still a D grade), along with a space beast infant that would reach the pinnacle of Sector Lords just by maturing.

To the Nuolan Shan family whose strongest power was only at the Universe level 9.

These two treasures indeed would make them feel dizzy!

Chin, Kyoto headquarter city, Tianjin city.

Even though the universe outer space fleet had arrived, the ordinary folk still led their lives normally.

“Greetings humans of Eearth, how do you do!”

“We are from the universe, the Nuolan Shan family, we come in peace looking for friendship! Do not be suspicious of our strength and power…” Households’ televisions, computers etc immediate depicted the scene, a handsome pointy eared, akin to the legendary spirits male youth said in a peculiar language, beside him a screen automatically translating his words to English and mandarin.

“Look, this is your Earth’s Australia continent.”

“All it needs is one punch, and the entire mountain range will be destroyed.”

“All it needs is one punch, and this entire island will be gone.”

The screen flickered between scenes constantly, changing between the nine Star level 9 warriors performances. Watching the Star level 9 levelling a mountain with just one punch, the force of that powerful attack creating a devastating shockwave 100km past the scene. Earth’s humans were all dumbfounded…This, compared to the pinnacle of battles from before…

This was even more terrifying than Hong and Thunder God against the swallowing beast!

The effect of a single punch spread out over 100km!

This was simply akin to a large amounts of nuclear weapons!

“Of course.” As handsome as the spirits, the man Pula smiled, speaking to the humans of Earth, “We come here in peace, hence we will not attack any of the cities! Your earth’s five great countries and twenty three headquarter cities, after one hour, your so called emperor level monsters, we will throw ten of their bodies in all the headquarter cities!”

“If we wanted!”

“In one hour, we can destroy the Earth.”

Pula smiled, “However we come here in peace, but your Earth’s upper echelon, the so called elites are all hidden in those iron castles. This displeases us!”

“I hope, your earth’s upper echelon can come communicate with our Nuolan Shan family, giving us, who are from the universe, and your so called aliens some proper respect!”

“If your Earth’s upper echelon can’t even give us any respect! And rejects our goodwill…”

“Then, we won’t mind using force and brutality to conquer you all!”

Pula smiled, “I’m giving you 12 Earth hours, discuss well. If after 12 hours, we still don’t see see any of Earth’s upper echelon, and don’t receive any little form of respect, then we’ll use the brute force, every hour, we’ll destroy one of your so called headquarter cities.”

Rumble!

Pula talking on the television, internet, was like a trillion ton nuclear bomb exploding, leaving all of humanity on Earth dumbfounded.

12 hours!

The humans of Earth only had 12 hours to discuss and prepare, and after, every hour would result in a destroyed headquarter city! One headquarter city, usually had up to 100 million people! When they saw the frequent aliens flying about in the air, the aliens occasionally displayed their overwhelming power. Seeing the emperor level beast’s bodies being thrown about like ants in the pathways of the headquarter cities and plazas.

Humanity was thrown into chaos!

Even the Earth’s upper echelon within the survival bases were all in a mess!

“You are all traitors!”

“You are all betraying the human race! Over 6 billion people, can you bear to watch them all die?” For the sake of being one of the so called elites, you forsake 6 billion over lives? Luo Feng? Hong? Thunder God? Who knows when they’ll reply or return? I object, I object! The aliens aren’t necessary brutal or savages!”

……

“Relax, don’t be deceived by this Nuolan Shan family’s kind appearance! It’s all an act, it’s fake, the moment we open the survival base, they’ll rush in here and it’ll be too late for us to regret!”

“They are incomparably powerful! Destroying Earth would be too easy for them!”

“For what do they have to resort to pretending to be kind to us? We, the elites of Earth, just what meaning would we have to them?”

“You see, they said it themselves, when the time comes and we don’t go out and communicate with them. They’ll destroy one headquarter city every hour! We’ll lose hundreds of millions of lives.”

“Can everybody please seriously consider and think about it, the moment the majority reaches 2/3 of us, we’ll act.”

……

“I advise everybody here to make their decisions cautiously!”

“Your every vote will determine the lives of the 6 billion people outside! Yes, 6 over billion!!!”

……

“Please just wait alittle while, just wait! Luo Feng and the other two are on a distant planet fighting hard for us! This survival base was brought over by them, please believe in them! The moment we give up, if we make a mistake, then the entire human population on Earth will fall into an endless abyss of darkness.”

……

“I simply cannot watch as 6 over billion people get massacred, 6 over billion! This number alone is crushing me!”

……

During the time the people’s hearts were chaotic in the survival base.

Chaos was breaking out everywhere outside, madness! Silent protests! Pickets! All these plus a few madmen who had begun robbing and breaking into shops etc…millions and even tens of millions of people kneeling and begging, begging the upper echelon leaders to save them, to negotiate with the aliens

There were even people shouting loudly that this was all a ploy from the aliens!

Anyway, chaos had consumed everybody!

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng, hurry and receive the call.” Xu Xin sent a call request to Luo Feng, at that time, surrounding her were Luo Feng’s parents and family, along with some of the countries’ upper echelon.

Many people were waiting…

On the distant planet and space, Luo Feng and the other two, all waiting for their good news!

Jade Rock Star, Empire government branch.

“3 hours 29 minutes, everything has been settled, I didn’t let Mr Luo Feng down.” The official smiled as he stood up, his face covered in sweat from the anxiousness and worry from before as he rushed, “Congratulations Mr Luo Feng, from now on, you are this planet… Earth’s leader. Oh, I should change my greeting to call you leader, congratulations, Leader.”

“Thank you!”

Luo Feng smiled as he said, within, his heart was racing with excitement, beside him, Hong and Thunder God too were fighting hard to contain their excitement.


Chapter 305: The Projection in the Sky

After the procedures were all done, within the citizen database of the black dragon mountain empire, Luo Feng’s status was officially changed to ‘Planet Leader’.

“Let’s hurry and leave Jade Rock Star!”

“Let’s return immediately.”

“Right, immediately contact Earth.”

Luo Feng Hong and Thunder God rushed with their greatest speed towards the planet’s docking bay, taking their silver grey universe ship and leaving Jade Rock star, beginning the universe travel.

Within the dark space.

The ship continued to advance.

Luo Feng, Thunder god and Hong were each in their own cabins, entering into the Virtual Universe Network.

Within the Virtual Universe Network, Black Dragon Mountain Island.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God appeared out of thin air amidst a crowded spacious alley, the others glanced at the three with a sense of disdain. This was because…in the virtual universe, only people without property would appear in the middle of the alleys. People with their own property would appear at their own place!

“Third brother, we are rich people, let’s buy a house in the virtual universe next time.” Thunder God couldn’t help but to say quietly.

One could imagine, Thunder God on Earth was so much above everybody.

In the virtual universe, he was actually looked down on.

“Before, we had little money, we couldn’t spend much. However, it’s possible now. Let’s buy a big house!” Luo Feng nodded, within the virtual universe, the moment one purchases a house, he could place his own and his close friends, etc virtual universe numbers to the house, the moment they were all linked, everybody would appear within that house.

Otherwise…

For example Luo Feng and Xu Xin, as one of them is on Earth while the other is in a distant space, the two entering the virtual universe simultaneously would never appear on the same alley.

Unless Hong, Thunder God and Luo Feng were together in reality, thus they would appear at the same place.

“We’ll talk about this later, let’s hurry and contact Earth.” Hong said.

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

The three swiftly found a restaurant and entered a private room, immediately contacting Earth.

A screen appeared in mid air.

On the screen, Xu Xin appeared.

“Luo Feng!” Xu Xin let out a face of happiness.

“Xu Xin, what’s going on on Earth now?” Luo Feng, Thunder God and Hong looked at the screen.

“It’s really bad!”

Xu Xin said anxiously, “Look at this footage!” Normal people entering the virtual universe network usually used the assisting quantum computers or AI quantum computers, even though Xu Xin was using the conscious transmitter helmets, it’s efficiency was still much stronger than Earth’s regular computers.

Xu Xin uploaded the footage of Earth into the virtual universe and played it!

“This was from the broadcast.” Xu Xin explained.

“Du!”

The footage began to play!

“Humans of Earth, how do you do!”

“We are the Nuolan Shan family from the universe, we come here in peace! But don’t suspect our power…” The same footage that was played in every household of Earth,was replayed for Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God. These three were earth’s elites, none of them were stupid or gullible!

Finishing the footage, they knew that matters were worse than they thought!

“Luo Feng. “Xu Xin said, “It’s extremely chaotic now, within each of the 6 survival bases, the upper echelon are all having opposing opinions. And the 6 over billion people outside are even more chaotic.”

Luo Feng, Hong and thunder god creased their eyebrows.

They obviously knew what would result from the footage and the backlash from it.

“Sister-in-law.” Hong said solemnly, “That footage said it gave the humans of Earth 12 hours, how much time has passed already?”

“It’s already been 4 hours and 8 minutes.” Xu Xin immediately replied.

“Good, we’ll contact you all again in half an hour.” Hong said.

Du!

The call was ended.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God looked at each other.

“Right now third brother is Earth’s leader, using the law to intimidate the Nuolan Shan family should be useful.” Thunder God said.

“Yes, they are only one big family from the Kaluo empire, against something like the Black Dragon Mountain Empire.” Hong nodded, “They definitely wouldn’t dare go against them.”

“I understand.”

Luo Feng agreed too, however, I was thinking, just relying on the law angle, probably isn’t enough. The best way is for our own strength to significantly increase! That’s why I was thinking…let’s see if we can buy a Universe level 1 slave.”

“Universe level slave?” Hong and Thunder god stared.

“I’m just considering, I haven’t exactly made the decision.” Luo Feng pondered, “If…the price of the Universe level 1 slave is reasonable, it’d be a good thing. After all his power would definitely be sufficient, with strength to spare!”

Hong and Thunder God nodded.

Even though there was the law within the universe, it was still relative to who it was against. The Black Dragon Mountain Empire’s laws, had a great intimidating effect on the Nuolan Shan family because the Nuolan Shan family was much weaker than the Black Dragon Mountain Empire. If it was Luo Feng’s teacher, the master of the Yun Mo Planet who was to come snatch a planet, the Black Dragon Mountain Empire wouldn’t even be able to touch him!

One’s own power had to be strong enough!

“Du, du du…”

Luo Feng made a call request to the slave owner he bought from back on Dragon Star. He was indeed a businessman, it only took a few seconds before they were connected. On the screen, a skinny green haired man with a wide smile and full of enthusiasm appeared.

“Mr. Luo Feng, very nice of you to look for me, it really makes me happy!” The green haired man was extremely enthusiastic.

“Wula!”

Luo Feng smiled as he asked, “This time, I would like to ask you, is your boss able to…get a Universe level slave!”

“Universe level slave?” The green haired man stared.

The highest a slave can ever get is only the Universe level, to be able to turn a Universe level warrior into a slave, the first condition was to capture him alive, rendering incapable of resisting and implanting the microchip. To be able to do something of this degree, one not only had to stronger than the opponent, he still required many other factors to work together.

“If you are serious, we can definitely get one! There’s stock!” The green haired man looked at Luo Feng, “It all just depends on whether Mr. Luo Feng has enough money.”

“A Universe level 1 slave, how much would it be?” Luo Feng asked.

“That’s a trillion dollar figure, so much so that the actual deal would usually be settled in Ganwu dollars.” The green haired man warned Luo Feng.

“Give me a figure.” Luo Feng pushed.

The green haired man looked at Luo Feng with surprise, the first time he met Luo Feng, he had already felt that Luo Feng was definitely one who had received the best education and upbringing, his whole aura was different. He never expected…for Luo Feng to return and question about a Universe level slave, this was definitely something not any normal person could afford.

“10 trillion Black Dragon dollars, about 10 billion Ganwu dollars.” The green haired man said, “And this is the lowest.”

“Damn.” Luo Feng cursed inside.

“Take it that I never asked.” Luo Feng was direct, “Wula, we’ll chat again later, I still have matters to attend to.”

“Haha, what I’ve got is time, call me whenever Mr. Luo Feng.” The green haired man was still extremely enthusiastic, as a businessman, he had to be this way. He was very clear…a customer like Luo Feng, with frequent good service and care, making him happy, who knew when the customer might return with a big order.

One large order alone would let them earn plenty!

Du!

The call ended.

Within the private room, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God looked at each other.

“The price is so absurd, I still thought about 2 or 3 trillion Black Dragon dollars would settle it.” Luo Feng mumbled.

The first batch of money his teacher left him was 10 billion Ganwu dollars.

Buying the Earth required 3 trillion Black Dragon dollars, if he paid using ganwu dollars, he only required 2.1 billion ganwu dollars. Obviously the Black Dragon Mountain Empire was more willing to accept more Ganwu dollars. And right now, Luo Feng’s capital was only 7.9 billion Ganwu dollars plus a few hundred million Black Dragon dollars.

“It’s quite shocking.” Hong and Thunder God nodded.

“Haha, Luo Feng, you’ve gone stupid, wanting to buy a Universe level slave?” A sharp piercing evil voice resounded, it was Babata on Luo Feng’s shoulder, “You have to know when a Universe level warrior joins any empire, he would receive over 10 planets immediately. Even though they are normal life planets, put them together and they’d be worth close to 10 trillion Black Dragon dollars. Even though the Universe level 1 is the weakest among the Universe levels, but 10 trillion Black Dragon dollars and up is definite! And this is only at Universe level 1, if it was the higher levels like 2 or 3, or even 6 or 7…damn, it’d be even more shocking!”

Luo Feng was stunned, replying curtly, “Why didn’t you say so earlier?”

“I was playing a virtual game, much more fun than talking to you all.” Babata said contently.

“Virtual game?”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were speechless.

“That requires money.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but say.

“Playing a virtual game only costs so much, playing for a million years would only require 100 million Black Dragon dollars.” Babata couldn’t care less, his attitude left Luo Feng speechless.

The other assisting quantum computers and AI computers, no matter how intelligent, would never go against the master’s orders and do whatever it wanted.

And Babata, having already evolved into a living AI, with the capability to feel pain and happiness, and awareness, making his own decisions etc, was no different from a normal person! That’s why he liked playing games…and he happened to be Luo Feng’s virtual assistant, everyone entering the virtual universe had a virtual assistant.

Many of the procedures within the virtual universe was done via the virtual assistant.

That’s why, when Babata withdrew the money…within the virtual universe’s system, it determined that it was Luo Feng who ordered Babata to withdraw the money. Hence it would definitely allow it! After all, no one asked Luo Feng to actually use a living AI as his mini quantum computer, AI computer.

“Alright!”

“Luo Feng, you’ve now become a planet leader. Immediately order the empire to send you the ownership rights as proof and through the Virtual Universe Network, send it to Earth. Then, let all the countries of Earth broadcast it all publicly! Also, broadcast the Black Dragon Mountain Empire constitution concerning territory ownership once, the Nuolan Shan family is after all only a small family within the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, they wouldn’t dare go against it!” Babata said directly.

“Of course, you first have to record the footage of them on Earth!”

“If they were to go against the empire laws, they’d be courting death.” Babata said confidently.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God looked at each other.

They were indeed ready to use this method, but they hadn’t thought out carefully their plan of action.

“We do it this way!” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up.

“Little guy, why are you so clear about the empire laws?” Thunder God looked stunned as he rubbed Babata’s head.

“Don’t touch me! And don’t call me little bastard! You have to call me…demon lord, do you understand?” The demon Babata stared at Thunder God before closing his eyes and ignoring him, continuing with his virtual game.

Stuck in emptiness for 50 thousand years, to be able to enter the virtual universe, how could the demon Babata not play to his heart’s content?

As for the safety of Earth?

What did it matter to him? To the demon Babata, it didn’t mean much, mostly it was only because of Luo Feng that he came up with some plans for them.

……

According to Babata, Luo Feng swiftly recorded the footage along with some of the data and proof he received from the Black Dragon Mountain Empire.

“Just like this.” Luo Feng looked at Hong and Thunder God.

“Yes, no problem.” Thunder God pondered a little, “It’ll definitely work.”

“Almost.”. Hong nodded.

“Then I’ll first send all these over, after that, I’ll leave it to those on Earth to act.” Luo Feng took a deep breath and began to request the call from Xu Xin.

Milky Way, Earth.

The Nuolan Shan family’s warriors were swiftly scouring Earth’s every corner, especially with over 1000 star levels, in terms of speed, there were many that were much faster than the Swallowing Beast from before. A life planet with a radius of 6,400km, to them, covering one whole round was easy.

Earth, China, Shenlong district.

“It’s unbelievable!”

“My god!”

“This, what is this…”

Including Pula, the eight heirs of the family along with many star level 9s of the Nuolan guard were shocked at the depths of Shenlong, that enormous 800m diameter round ball was constantly emitting poisonous gas around it, just what was this round ball? It was like a round ball mountain, and the poisonous gas it was emitting had already affected the two careless searchers from before, one was a Star level 3 while the other a Star level 5, they both immediately rotted from the gas.

“It’s definitely a treasure.” A group of people stared at the poisonous round ball, to emit a gas that could kill star levels, it definitely wasn’t a simple toy.

Du! Du! Du!

Du! Du! Du!

In an instant, the eight heirs’ quantum computer resounded.

“Lord, above China’s survival base in mid air, a large screen has appeared! Look.” The eight heirs’ quantum computers all lit up, displaying the scene.

……

At the time, everyone of Earth’s household televisions, internet networks all immediately switched to the same scene. At the same time in China, India and the six great survival bases, through these bases, 3D images were projected above in mid air! The large image shone across the sky.

3D projection, it was enormous.

Even from 100m away, one could still easily see it with the naked eye.

“Kaluo empire Nuolan Shan family, how do you do.”

“I am Luo Feng.”

“Not long ago, the planet of which you are on, Earth, has become my territory.” A large voice resounded through every household’s televisions, computers, even across every country’s broadcast, resounding through the air, “This is the Black Dragon Mountain Empire proof of ownership.”

On Earth.

The originally unbridled, excited and proud Nuolan Shan family members were all stunned, be it those watching their own screens or the other watching the huge projection up high that seemed like a god, in the image, Luo Feng was speaking with confidence, beside him the proof of ownership appeared. Luo Feng was using universe language, at the bottom of the projections, mandarin and English subtitles were displayed.

“Is, is this real?”

“It’s indeed proof from the empire.”

On earth, all the members of the Nuolan Shan family were shocked.

The big projection.

Luo Feng held in his hand a virtual book, that was the Black Dragon Mountain Empire’s , Luo Feng’s expression was serious as he flipped the pages and read: “According to the Black Dragon Mountain Empire’s constitution chapter 12, section 61, 62 and 63. Without the permission of the planet leader, barging and invading a planet will result in the invaders being deemed as space pirates! Your Nuolan Shan family didn’t know before that this planet had a leader, it’s not considered a crime. But right now I’ve told you all, this is my territory!”

“As the leader of Earth, I request for you all to…”

Within the huge projection, Luo Feng raged and scolded, “Leave my territory immediately! Otherwise, your Nuolan shan family will gain the status of space pirates and incur the wrath of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire’s army!”

“Wrath! Wrath! Wrath! Wrath! Wrath!”

Billions of household television, computers and other forms of broadcast resounded, Luo Feng’s voice echoed almost like the tsunami throughout every corner of earth.

On Earth, whether it was those hiding in their houses, or outside, or engaging in robbery, everybody went silent. Whether they were watching from home or on the streets, they could recognize, the man talking confidently on the screen, was Earth’s humanity’s pride…

Luo Feng!


Chapter 306: Should we Retreat?

Silence.

Within all the headquarter cities of Earth, countless people were all totally silent.

Within Europe, Paris headquarter city.

A whole group of people who were protesting were all lifting their heads in anticipation as they watched the screen, yes, they were protesting being abandoned by the leaders of their countries. They were requesting for Earth’s upper echelon to come out and work together with the Nuolan Shan family. However, that was only because…Earth had no defensive capabilities against the Nuolan Shan family!

Nobody wanted to end up a slave, unless they were twisted in their minds!

This group of people didn’t want to become slaves, if there was a way…to not submit to the Nuolan Shan family while gaining their freedom and lives, they would definitely be willing.

“Luo Feng!”

“It’s actually Luo Feng, look at the screen, it seems this group of aliens are probably also from that Black Dragon Mountain Empire.”

“This Black Dragon Mountain Empire, is a country within the universe?”

“Luo Feng is from Earth, how did he become a planet leader on the universe scale? And also Earth, our leader?”

“Who knows.”

In terms of knowledge, Earth’s humans weren’t stupid.

From the speech Luo Feng broadcasted all over, they easily deducted…the Black Dragon Mountain Empire was powerful on the empire level, much much stronger than this seemingly huge and vast Nuolan Shan family. And their Earth’s pride Luo Feng, had become the planet leader within the Black Dragon Mountain Empire.

Elation!

If Earth wanted to ever mix with the universe, and for anybody to ever become their leader, the humans of Earth would definitely hope it’d be one of their natives! Even more so, since Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God had already reached god status on Earth, for any of them to become Earth’s leader, there would hardly be any rejections on earth by anyone.

“Who knows if Luo Feng’s words will do anything.”

“This Nuolan Shan family doesn’t even know whether to retreat or not.”

Everybody was worried…

……

Earth’s six great survival bases.

“Luo Feng, this planet leader status, will it help us?”

“An empire in the universe, it cannot be exactly the same as how we do it on Earth…it may not be accurate!”

“Just watch, there’s going to be an outcome soon.”

……

On Earth, whether it was the billions of ordinary folk, or the upper echelon, they were all waiting, waiting to see the reaction of the Nuolan Shan family.

Luo Feng and the other two sat within the ship, proceeding back through the dark space.

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain Island.

Within the restaurant private room.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God watched the screen floating before them, maintaining contact with Xu Xin.

“Xu Xin, what’s happening?” Luo Feng asked, “What’s the reaction of the Nuolan Shan family, are they retreating?”

“The satellite scan indicates that the two battleships are still parked above the Pacific ocean, no movement.” Xu Xin was very worried, “Maybe the people from the Nuolan Shan family are discussing things.”

“No movement?”

Luo Feng’s eyebrows creased.

“They have the guts not to leave.” Beside, Thunder God’s eye’s gleamed, “If they don’t leave, we’ll record their actions and send it over to the empire headquarters, naming them as space pirates. The Black Dragon Mountain Empire is a very strong middle level civilization within the universe! They definitely won’t allow this family to do as it pleases!”

“If it was an extremely huge family, that’d be hard to say.”

“But the Nuolan Shan family, against the Silverblue Empire or that level or empire, would be a hard pill to swallow. However against the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, they are nothing but ants!” Thunder God said confidently.

These words made both Hong and Luo Feng nod.

“It doesn’t matter what we say.” Luo Feng’s eyebrows creased, “We can only see what they decide to do!”

Luo Feng and the other two maintained contact with Earth, silently waiting…for news from that side!

Earth, in the air above the Pacific ocean.

Two huge interstellar battleships were floating in mid air, in one of their control rooms, the eight heirs were standing, raging and pissed off.

The extreme joy and excitement from finding the strange huge round ball before was all gone from their minds, now all was left was frustration.

“Earth’s leader?”

“This earth actually has a leader?”

“What do we do now?”

They couldn’t stifle their rage.

Anybody would know, the moment the Nuolan Shan family chose not to retreat from Earth, they would have serious consequences! Earth’s leader, meaning everybody on Earth were all his property and territory! Invading one’s territory plus engaging in wanton looting, this sort of behavior was definitely not allowed by the empire, they would immediately be deemed as space pirates.

Space pirates, or also known as space bandits. They were hated by every huge empire, they were immediately killed!

“Follow me to meet the head.” Pula said solemnly.

“Yes.”

The other seven complied.

This sort of news, they could only let the head decide their course of action.

A whole half a minute later.

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain Island.

Within a luxurious villa’s living room, the eight heirs stood at attention, before them a screen floated and the screen displayed two, one was the current head Yuke Nuolan Shan and the Elder head Dewen Nuolan Shan.

“Teacher, Elder, this is the public broadcast footage on Earth before.” Pula said respectfully.

Immediately, the footage was played.

When they say the proof of ownership from the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, the two heads’ expressions became ugly.

Especially during the footage, Luo Feng even took out the constitution and read from it, this enraged them even further.

“Leave my territory immediately! Otherwise, your Nuolan shan family will gain the status of space pirates and incur the wrath of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire’s army” The footage’s last sentence, left the two heads at a lost for words, there was a huge treasure on Earth before, and now suddenly it has become someone else’s territory!

“Earth, is this Luo Feng’s territory?” Yuke couldn’t believe it.

“Yes, teacher. I just checked. There is indeed a record within the empire, Luo Feng must have just become its leader today.” Bula added.

“Bastard!”

Yuke Nuolan Shan bit down angrily.

“Just who is this Luo Feng? Which family?” The elder beside creased his eyebrows in dissatisfaction.

“He is one of the top three warriors on earth, he’s current level should be a Star Traveller level 9, I estimate it to be so.” Bula said respectfully.

“What, an Earthling?”

The head stared wide eyed.

Earthling?

An aboriginal from an aboriginal planet, suddenly became the planet’s leader? One must know that to buy a planet, even the person who discovers it getting a discounted price, for a planet like Earth which was a life planet with the highest level of pricing, would require at least 3 trillion Black Dragon dollars!

It was something that was impossible for normal people, that’s why he asked which family he was from!

“Yes, an Earthling.” Pula nodded.” It’s probably that Earth had several treasures which he sold and earned enough.”

“Earth’s treasures?”

The two heads thought of the automaton universe ship, feeling the pinch of the loss! That was an automaton ship, the lowest level was a D grade. Much more valuable than their entire Nuolan Shan family fortune! This sort of ship’s operation, or even to conquer it, with it’s entrance defense, would at least require a Universe level 5 or 6 to have a hope of breaking in.

“Teacher, what should we do, should we retreat?” Bula said nervously.

“Elder, should we retreat?” The other heirs were all extremely worried too.

“We don’t have a lot of time to hesitate, the longer we stay on earth, the more likely we’ll be deemed as space pirates.” Pula said anxiously.

The head Yuke Nuolan Shan bit down angrily, “Bastard! That Luo Feng, I want to kill him!”

“Retreat!” The elder’s expression was malevolent, he cursed softly.

The eight heirs were stunned.

“Elder!!!” Yuke Nuolan shan looked shocked as he stared at the Elder, “Are we going to just give up like this?”

The Elder said angrily: “Yuke, have you gone senile in your head? If we don’t give up like this, no matter how valuable that automaton ship is, what’s the point? The moment we become space pirates, the empire’s army will destroy our entire family without any problem at all. Don’t tell me, just because of Earth’s treasures, you are willing to sacrifice the entire family?”

“We, we…” Yuke Nuolan shan hesitated.

“Yes, we can escape. But the entire Nuolan Shan family, was built from our ancestors hard work for many many years. Don’t tell me you want all of this to go in vain?” The elder scolded.

Yuke Nuolan Shan went silent.

That was right.

The ancestor back then, also known as Nuolan Shan, the founder of the family, independently created the Nuolan Shan family. With his family last name, strengthening it through tens of thousands of years before actually being able to make it progress to such a level today.

“Retreat!” The elder gave the order, Yuke Nuolan Shan sighed softly.

Pula and the other heirs looked at the two heads before complying, : “Yes!”

On Earth, following Pula and the other heirs’ orders. The Nuolan Shan family members who were originally scattered across the globe swiftly headed straight back towards the battleships to gather. As for the entire retreating process…since they were already retreating, the Nuoan Shan family definitely wouldn’t be secretive about it. In fact, they did it openly in public, letting the Earth’s leader know and not have any reason to report back to the universe empire’s court.

The six great survival bases.

Through the satellite, the Earth’s upper echelon all clearly saw the Nuolan Shan family with its huge number of people and troops swiftly gather at the battleships.

“Haha, they are retreating.”

“They are really retreating.

“They’ve begun to collect everybody and everything.”

“One by one, they are all entering the battleship.”

“We’ve won!”

“We’ve won!”

“Victory!”

The extremely excited Earth’s upper echelons, willfully shouted loudly, displaying their elation! And this news swiftly reached Luo Feng and the other two in the distance dark space through Xu Xin.

……

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God looked at the screen, that Nuolan Shan family troops were gathering from all across the globe, entering the battleships.

“Looks like they are really retreating.” Thunder God’s eyes gleamed.

“Don’t be anxious.” Hong stared at the screen, “Let’s wait for the battleships to actually leave earth before saying.”

“We are about to succeed.” Luo Feng too held his breath as he waited.

Waiting for the two battleships to leave Earth!

“Rumble…”

The two enormous interstellar battleships, under the surveillance of Earth’s many satellites, finally began to increase their speed and fly upwards, quickly leaving the atmosphere.

This entire scene, was directly broadcasted to every country on Earth, every base’s household television, computer screens.

“The day we held our bated breaths, the day that left us all in fear, the day that left us in despair! We had already given up originally, thinking that all of us were about to be conquered by the Nuolan Shan family from the universe, however, when that enormous 3D projection appeared in mid air, seeing that image…we thought about back then, that duty bound honorable image that plunged into the depths of the sea to fight it out with the Swallowing Beast. Yes! We’ve been conquered by him, he, is a true hero! Yes, hero!!!” On television, the reporter couldn’t control his emotions as tears rolled out continuously.

On every television in every country, the scene broadcasted was that same scene, however each used their own language to speak.

“Victory!”

“We’ve won!”

“We’ve won.”

“Haha…”

A few of the silent sitting protests people who were watching the huge screen, the scene of the two enormous battleships picking up and leaving, all jumped up, crazily shouting excitedly.

“Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God, the three who, the moment they found out about the expected invasion of the Nuolan Shan family, risked their lives and entered the universe to fight it out for our Earth’s single chance of survival. They’ve succeeded, yes! The three have succeeded!” On television, they played the footage of Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God’s incomparable elation.

This footage, was something Luo Feng and the other two sent over via the Virtual Universe Network.

“It’s too emotional, I’m just going crazy.”

Within the universe ship’s control room, Thunder God was extremely excited, “Truthfully, when I saw that the entire Earth, every base, every place, countless people shouting and celebrating, with people kneeling down and kissing the land. I felt so emotional my whole body shivered, I know…this is our race, our root, they our fellow people, our fellow people!!!”

“Yes, we’ve succeeded, succeeded.” Hong was calm, his eyes too were moist.

“I too cannot bear to stay here in the Virtual Universe Network anymore.” Luo Feng’s emotional state was incomparably high, “Looking at the entire Earth’s situation sent over, I feel so emotional that my head is bursting.”

“I want to go home, to Earth.” Luo Feng shouted within the ship’s control room, “I want to return to Earth now, return there now!”

“Me too!” Thunder god nodded.

“Yes, return home.” Hong nodded.

They were extremely emotional!

The universe scout ship was continuously proceeding within the dark space, heading towards Earth’s coordinates.

Unlike the joy that the humans of earth and Luo Feng were experiencing.

The people in the Nuolan Shan family’s two battleships were extremely enraged, the leading battleship, the eight heirs were in the control room, not a single smile could be seen.

“Bastards!”

“Dog shit.”

“How did it turn out this way?”

“This Luo Feng, how did he become the Earth’s leader, and so quickly?”

The atmosphere was cold and tense, it could drive people crazy.

“Du!”

Pula creased his eyebrows slightly, the other heirs looked towards him, Pula said solemnly, “The head wants to meet me.” Finishing that, he immediately went towards his own cabin.

Within the Virtual Universe Network.

The current head Yuke Nuolan shan and the elder Dewen Nuolan shan were standing there, respectfully, beside them, stood an incredibly skinny, eyes looking extremely vicious with pointy ears man. He was donned in a dark green battle uniform, on his chest there was a peculiar axe medal.

“For the family?”

“Thinking about me?”

This man was extremely furious, “It doesn’t mean a thing for the family, back then when I started this whole thing from scratch and built the entire family! I can do it all over again if I need to! The most important thing is power! It’s power, do you all understand? Right now I’m already at the Universe level 9, just a little more and I’ll reach the Domain Lord level! If I had a huge amount of immeasurable wealth, I can invite an Undying warrior to teach me, with that I’ll be able to breakthrough, and when that happens, I’ll have a 100 era lifespan. Then, the Nuolan Shan family will become even more glorious!”

“The wrath of the empire?” What a joke!”

“The family’s elite will immediately take the ships and travel through the universe. If it comes to it, we’ll leave the Black Dragon Mountain Empire!”

“Those planets, we can just throw them away!”

“Later when I become a Domain Lord, the Nuolan Shan family will be stronger by a hundred times!: The man said coldly, “What’s more, it’s not like our entire Nuolan Shan would have to leave right away after looting earth. It would be a waste afterall to give up all of our planets.”

The two heads, in front of the head ancestor, didn’t dare utter a word.

“Du!”

A notice sound rang.

“Oh, the brat leading the fleet has arrived.” The man, only now did he reveal an ice cold smile.


Chapter 307: Nuolan Shan’s Order

Pula stood respectfully, a screen appeared floating before him, on it appeared a human image.

“Eh?” Pula was stunned.

There were a total of three people on the screen, one of them was his teacher Yuke Nuolan Shan, the other was the elder, and these two were respectfully standing at the side of a man dressed in a dark green battle uniform, and on this man chest, there was a peculiar axe medal, this made Pula’s heart race within with a torrent of emotions.

A battle-axe medal!

This was a display of proof of absolute strength amongst the warriors, it was one of the Five Leviathans, the Battle-axe Coliseum, proof of experiencing life or death situations over countless time, the greatest honor! The Battle-axe Coliseum, along with the Virtual Universe Network Company, the Universe First Bank, Universe Galaxy Bank and the Universe Mercenary Alliance, were the Great Leviathans of the universe!

The Battle-axe Coliseum allowed its members to kill amongst themselves while others bet.

For example, when Universe level warriors dueled, it placed the two Universe level warriors on an uninhabited planet or in space, under the supervision of the Battle-axe Coliseum and broadcast, battling to the death! Only when one side has died will the other be considered victorious! Its death percentage for every battle was a 100%, this was because in a battle to the death, everyone who dared to duel all had their own ultimate ability.

The contestants, were called the fighters of the arena.

Winning ten matches, one would acquire the Battle-axe Coliseum’s title warrior.

Winning one hundred matches, would acquire the title warrior king.

Winning one thousand matches would acquire the title of ‘Battle-axe warrior’.

That means to say…under Nuolan Shan’s hand, there were over one thousand dead Universe level warriors! Every battle to the death was a definite risk and danger, a challenge to one’s life! To be able to win one thousand matches, that was the true mark of a Universe level, a true ‘most powerful universe level fighter’. This didn’t really mean invincibility though.

The so called Star Traveller level domain fighter, to be invincible within one’s own level.

These were just ‘nicknames.’

But the Battle-Axe warrior status, one actually had to risk his life in match after match of deadly battles, swapping one thousand Universe level warriors’ heads and blood to prove it! It goes to show how powerful Nuolan Shan was! In the Nuolan Shan family, the first Nuolan Shan was almost just like a legend, within the Kalo Empire, the Nuolan Shan family was the solidly placed third family!

The first family was the royal family, they had a Domain Lord.

The second family was the Wei Di family, its main power was in Black Dragon Mountain Empire, stretching all the way to the Ganwu Empire, it’s entire complete power was much much more powerful than the royal family.

The other families behind, many families had Universe level 9 warriors, however…Nuolan Shan family was still the uncontested third family! With a huge number of Star level warriors willing to join, also excluding Nuolan Shan himself, with his disciples and other family members, there were a total of six Universe levels!

Six great Universe level subordinates!

To be able to build an eight thousand man Nuolan Shan guard army! The Nuolan Shan guards were all at Star level 9! The number of life planets they controlled in total exceeded one thousand!

This, was all built from Nuolan Shan himself!

Nuolan Shan, a legendary being!

……

Even though it was said that one galaxy usually only produced one Universe level warrior, however the moment there’s a teacher to guide, the efficiency would rise by a lot more, (just like earth, they could actually be forced by the Yun Mo Planet master to reach the Sector Lord level, this showed the benefits of having a teacher). Looking at the Silverblue Empire, maybe the number of Universe level warriors was little and pathetic. However in the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, to control over eight thousand galaxies, such a powerful and vast empire, with many many ancient families, there were even Undying Beings!

Hence, the number of Universe level warriors was definitely plenty!

Hence, the universe battle-axe warrior, even within the Black Dragon Mountain Empire still meant quite a big deal. Of course the Domain Lord battle-axe warrior and the Sector Lord battle-axe warrior within the Black Dragon Mountain Empire were like myths, that was because the entire Black Dragon Mountain Empire only had so few Domain Lords. Hence the number of participants was much much less!

Hence…

In over a million to ten million years, the vast Black Dragon Mountain Empire had only produced one Domain Lord level battle-axe warrior.

As for the Sector Lord battle-axe warrior, that was a myth in the Ganwu Empire!

“Battle-axe warrior, Universe level battle-axe warrior!” Pula was so excited his heart trembled, “Within the entire Black Dragon Mountain Empire, the current ones who are still alive and have been awarded the Universe level battle-axe warrior title, there’s only twelve of them. Six of them are currently still at Universe level 9, four have become Domain Lords and two have become Sector Lords.”

“Head ancestor!”

“I’ve finally got to see the Head Ancestor.” Pula was extremely excited.

“Your name is Pula?” The man whose eyes were piercing and vicious looked at Pula, “I’ve heard of you, you are our Nuolan Shan family’s youth who’s most likely to reach the Universe level.”

“Pula greets the head ancestor.” Pula was excited within, being extremely respectful.

“Hm.” The man nodded. “I heard you discovered on Earth an automaton universe ship, and the corpse of a Golden Horned Beast infant?”

“Yes!”

Pula said, “The automaton ship is underwater on Earth, only thing is the ship’s entrance defenses are too strong, we have no way to enter. And the Golden Horned Beast infant indeed landed on Earth, however…we had too little time, the amount of places we managed to seach was too little, we haven’t found the infant’s corpse.”

“Ship, Golden Horned Beast infant’s body!” The man couldn’t help but tremble within, as a battle-axe warrior, the friends he had made and the things he had seen were beyond normal. He was very clear that this sort of extremely valuable item like the Golden Horned Beast’s body, was something Undying Beings would be willing to buy, even the Ganwu Empire would definitely want to buy it to dissect and research.

Undying Beings, Ganwu Empire, this sort of power and buying power, any casual price thrown out would far exceed the entire Nuolan Shan family’s fortune by many times.

“The ship is secondary, the Golden Horned Beast infant body is the real treasure, even if the body is treated and used as a specimen, it’s still the pinnacle of luxurious treasures to obtain.” The man was highly anticipating.

Pula said, “We are worried, whether the infant’s body has already degraded…”

“Impossible!”

The man said, “The Golden Horned Beast has an internal world to support it, even if it dies, after a thousand years, its muscles degraded, its bones and scales will still remain. What’s more, the date you sent shows it’s only been dead for three years.”

“Pula.” The man said coldly, “I order you…From your fleet’s brightest and elite warriors, form a small group to stay, they will take a small inconspicuous ship to stay on Earth! The aim is to find the golden horned beast’s body!”

“Stay on Earth?” Bula was shocked, “Head ancestor, Earth has a leader…”

“So what if they have a leader?”

The man said coldly, “I’m only ordering a small elite group to conceal themselves on Earth to look for the Golden Horned Beast infant’s body! Even if they are found or revealed…wouldn’t just letting that group be deemed as space pirates suffice? What proof could Earth have that that little group is from the Nuolan Shan family?”

Let that little group impose as space pirates?

“Head ancestor, we just left and space pirates immediately appeared? Wouldn’t the people from earth suspect us?” Pula said.

“Remember!” The man said coldly, “According to empire laws, what they need is proof! Without proof, even if they know clearly that these are Nuolan Shan family people, without any proof to submit… that these people are from our family. Then, that Earth leader Luo Feng won’t be able to do anything anyway!”

“Understood.” Pula nodded.

“Go!” The man ordered, “Ensure that we find that Golden Horned Beast infant’s body.”

“Head ancestor, we’ve found another peculiar treasure on Earth, take a look.” Pula immediately played the footage, it was the poisonous round ball they found in China, Shenlongjia.

“Treasure?”

Nuolan Shan’s gaze was ice cold, he was originally watching the footage calmly, but his face displayed a sense of shock and fear, immediately ordering, “Pula, I do not allow any of you to go near it! Listen to me clearly, I definitely do not allow it at all! Do not act on your own!”

Yuke, Dewen, the two heads were very shocked, they had never seen the head ancestor so flustered and angry before.

“Head ancestor.” Pula was stunned.

“Why are you still here?” Nuolan Shan ordered coldly, “Remember my words, do not touch that thing, you must definitely never touch it.”

“Yes, yes, yes.” Pula was shocked, immediately following his order and leaving the virtual universe.

……

“Head ancestor?”

Yuke Nuolan Shan, Dewen Nuolan Shan, the two heads looked at the head ancestor with curiosity, Nuolan Shan simply said softly, “Don’t ask so much, let’s just hope it’s dead, if it was alive…” Nuolan Shan seemed as though he had seen countless galaxies destroyed, his body couldn’t help but to tremble a bit.

“Earth? Earth?”

“Just what is this place!”

Nuolan shan felt fear from within, “Even if Earth had countless treasures, I would still definitely never go there. As for the automaton universe ship, it requires a Universe level 5 or 6? Hmph, I’ll send a disciple, I can’t go there personally, if that thing was alive, I’d never be able to escape alive!”

Solar System.

The two enormous battleships flew out of Earth simultaneously, a ship with a diameter of 100m flew out from within one of the battleships, turning on it’s screening and camouflage systems, just like Buluo back when his little group of explorers had first arrived, carefully re-entering Earth. With the capabilities of the C grade universe ship camouflaging itself, the humans of Earth had no way at all to detect it.

“Tuoleiwu!”

“This is the order given by the Head ancestor, you must complete the mission. These are the specific details.”

“Remember, no matter what happens, you must definitely never let any proof of you all being members of the Nuolan Shan family be captured by the people of Earth.”

There were twenty Star level 9 and sixty Star level 7 and 8 fighters.

This was the Nuolan Shan family’s little elite group.

With Earth oblivious to them, they quietly entered Earth, not disturbing anyone, and began their mission in searching for the Golden Horned Beast infant’s body.

Within the dark space.

Luo Feng and the other two were still in their ship heading towards Earth.

“Haha, after going through this once, the future will definitely be much easier.” Hong laughed.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were extremely happy.

“Yes! Even if they know that earth has treasures, however, if they send anyone over…they would have to go through the wormhole and enter the dark space district, then it’d take another two years and eight months to reach.” Thunder God was proud, “Two years and eight months, that’s so much time, we’d be extremely prepared by then.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Yes!

After this batch of people leave, even if the Nuolan Shan family sent a Universe level warrior, it would still take him two years and eight months to reach Earth. By then…

“My Golden Horned Beast’s body, would long have reached the Universe level.” Luo Feng was extremely elated.


Chapter 308: Capture!

Earth, South America, the Amazon jungle.

A universe scout ship had entered into the amazon jungle’s rivers, deep underwater. Along with its own signal masking, camouflaging systems etc, it was impossible to detect. Deep somewhere in the forest, one after another, soldiers dressed in dark blue battle uniforms were either sitting crossed legged on the ground, nestled against a tree or sitting on the branches.

The fearsome beasts within the forests didn’t even dare approach or get near them.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

4 human silhouettes rushed out from a distant river, these 4 were dressed in black uniforms.

“Captain!”

A group of soldiers stood up and shouted in unison in universe language.

This time, the Nuolan Shan elite little team had a total of 20 star level 9s and 60 star level 7s and 8s, they were divided into 4 little groups. Each group was led by a different leader, their names Tuoleiwu, Rong Zhi, Aeman and Abuluote, amongst them Tuoleiwu was the main in charge.

“Yes.”

“Since everyone has arrived, speak, you were all each in charge of different oceans, did you search result in anything?” Tuoleiwu said seriously, he was a strong and sturdy back skinned man, his hair was a peculiar mix of black and green. Even though there were a total of 20 Nuolan guards and they were all star level 9s.

However…

A good comparison was how Luo Feng could kill enemies 3 or 4 levels above him! Similarly within the star level 9, different people had different battle levels. The universe level 9 Nuolan Shan had killed over 1000 universe levels, more than half of them were universe level 9s!

Same grade, same level, the difference in their battle capabilities and strengths were still vastly different.

Tuoleiwu!

He was amongst the top 10 in the 8000 strong Nuolan guards, just he alone would be able to hold off up to 10 normal star level 9s!

“Captain, we couldn’t find anything, we couldn’t find the swallowing beast’s body at all.”

“Right, our little group here was in charge of the Atlantic ocean, after a few days of landing, we’ve combed over the entire Atlantic ocean. But we still couldn’t find the swallowing beast’s body.”

“Same here.”

“Captain, what do we do since no one has been able to find it?”

A group of soldiers all looked at the 4 captains.

The 4 captains exchanged glances, Aeman, the one with the most intimidating body and build said seriously: “We have 80 people, we’ve spent so much time and searched every inch of earth’s oceans without any luck. The next step…are we to engage in Lord Pula’s plan?”

“Yes.”

Tuoleiwu nodded, “According to the plan Lord Pula gave to us, there are 2 possibilities with regards to the swallowing beast, 1, the humans have it either to dissect and research or keep, 2, they don’t have it, it’s body is still in the ocean. Since right now we’ve searched and there’s no sign of its body at all in the oceans, then they humans definitely have it!”

America, Washington base.

“What a beautiful day.” Boris Brent was all smiles as he walked out of the White House, in the distance, policemen rushed to help open the car doors, Baoli entered the cars and 2 bodyguards swiftly followed and the chauffeur immediately departed.

“It was too cramped in the survival bases. With only that much space, it was too uncomfortable.”

“Luckily, that group of evil aliens have all left.”

Baoli smiled as he said to the black bodyguard beside him, “David, should I display some form of gratitude towards the noble Mr. Luo Feng?”

“Yes, sir.” The bodyguard smiled, revealing a very white set of teeth.

“Ok.”

Boris smiled and nodded, “According to the data we acquired from the virtual universe network, our earth is within the dark space, the next time aliens actually try and invade, would take at least a few years. Our people of earth are very confident. Look, the stocks which had dropped to near zero before are bustling and live again. David, if you had listened to me earlier, you would have earned a great deal of money.”

The bodyguard maintained his smile.

Yes.

After experiencing that crisis, the people of earth were filled with hope for the future!

“Hello, hello, dear, I’ll be home in 5 minutes.”

“Yes, relax, I’ve already prepared a present, yes, I’ll give you a surprise later.” Boris smiled as he called, suddenly his expression changed. This was because he had just realized, the chauffeur had actually driven and parked the car in an unfamiliar road. Boris said, “Hey, This is the wrong way! Turn back!”

The moment the words left his mouth, he suddenly felt an extreme sense of weariness envelope him…

Be it the bodyguards, or the chauffeur, including Boris himself, they all suddenly fell into a trance, a state of hypnotism. The car continued to proceed, until finally it reached a desolate alley.

The car screeched to a halt.

Sou! Sou!

Two human silhouettes appeared beside the car, one was Tuoleiwu while the other was dressed in a dark blue battle uniform, with 3 eyes, this was another star level 9 out of the 20.

“Question him.” Tuoleiwu gave the order.

“Yes, captain.” The 3 eyed man looked at Boris, without speaking, the quantum computer spoke in english…

“Tell me your name.”

“Boris Brent.” Boris said dazed,

“The swallowing beast incident, where is that beast’s body?” The 3 eyed man’s quantum computer spoke basic English.

“No idea.” Boris ‘s eyes weren’t focused at all.

Tuoleiwu and the 3 eyed man glanced at each other.

“Where’s the most likely place the body of the swallowing beast could be right now?” The 3 eyed man asked again.

“The swallowing beast, was fought by the combined forces of the 6 great heroes and finally killed by China’s Luo Feng. Everybody thought back then that Luo Feng had died, but a year after, he actually returned alive. The countries all think…that wherever the body of the swallowing beast is, Luo Feng would know the best.” Boris said.

The 3 eyed man asked again: “Are there any other possibilities?”

“Either the other countries may have acquired it, or it was eaten by the sea creatures.” Boris said.

The alley went silent.

“Captain?” The 3 eyed man looked at the captain.

“Luo Feng?”

Tuoleiwu pondered for a moment, opening his communicator, Rong Zhi, Abuluote, take your teams individually and capture the leading brains of the 5 great countries. I’ll personally take a team and go capture the close ones of the planet leader.

“Yes.”

The other 3 captains complied.

Yangzhou city, Westlake courtyard, Luo Feng’s castle.

The Nuolan Shan family fleet had entered universe travel and left the solar system, this was something actually recorded by the surveillance devices set up around the solar system. Since everybody knew that the Nuolan Shan family had left, large amounts of the people within the survival bases naturally came out, after all, the personal space within the bases was quite small.

“Ping ping, Little Hai, when you are home, listen to your grandfather and grandmother.” Xu Xin finished her lunch and smiled at her 2 sons.

“Mama, I want to follow you out.” Little Hai shouted.

“Mama has some business matters to attend to.” Xu Xin kissed her 2 sons before heading to the car and leaving the castle.

Since the crisis had passed, life gradually returned to normalcy.

Large amount of powerful warriors were scattered around the castle’s surroundings, these were all what Luo Feng bought before.

“Run a little faster, Litte Hai is so fast.”

“Ping Ping, keep going, keep going.”

Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan were happily on the grass outside the castle playing with their grandchildren. Beside in the distance, Zhen Nan was sitting in chair reading a book,just from watching Ping Ping and Little Hai made her look down and occasionally rub her belly.

“Remember, everybody must be careful.”

“The moment we act, we must swiftly capture the earth leader’s close ones.”

In mid air, with Tuoleiwu as the leading warrior, 20 beams of light swiftly flew towards Yangzhou city. Everyone of them brought with them a camouflage device, even on normal planets such as Bailan star, these could be used, much less earth.

“There’s another 300km, we’ll be there shortly.”

“We must be fast!”

The grass patch outside the castle, Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan were still playing with their grandchildren.

“Wuwuwu…”

“Wuwuwu…”

An extremely ear piercing alarm sound immediately resounded throughout the entire castle.

“Protect the little masters!”

Beside them in the distance were Meng 2 and 4 who were just standing by, their expressions changed and immediately became 2 beams of light, Meng 2 was a star level 7 spirit reader, her speed was absurd, almost instantly she was hugging Ping Ping and Little Hai. And Meng 4 swiftly hugged Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan, the other star level 1 guards swiftly hugged Zhen Nan.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

The grass patch was less than a 100m away from the castle, they swiftly rushed in, entering into the castle’s master bedroom which was the place with the highest defensive capabilities.

“Rumble…”

The castle’s defense system swiftly activated!

With the master bedroom as the core, 10 pathway gates immediately fell and locked dead! One had to know that the castle’s core was made of c grade metals, guaranteeing that even a universe level attack wouldn’t be able to breakthrough.

Within the bedroom.

“This, this, what is this?”

“This…”

Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan’s faces were pale white.

“Grandfather.”

“Grandmother.”

The 2 children were very flustered.

“The castle’s security warning system has an area of 20,000m.” Meng 2’s expression was serious, he said solemnly, “According to the level of enemies approaching, the warning system will give out a different alarm sound. The alarm from before represented…that the approaching enemies were at least of our level. Their specific levels and strengths will only be known from checking the defense system.”

Virtual universe network, Black Dragon Mountain island.

“Sir, this manor requires 15 million black dragon dollars, it’s definitely luxurious and comfortable, suitable for your status and position.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god were looking at houses.

They were getting ready to buy a house within the virtual universe network.

“It’s really expensive, even the items in the virtual universe network are so expensive.” Thunder god snapped.

“Hold on a moment.”

Luo Feng realized that there was a call request, looking at the spirit imprint matched to the virtual universe network number, it was actually his own father.

“Du!”

An image appeared before Luo Feng.

His father Luo Hong Guo looked pale and terrified, saying anxiously: “Luo Feng, there are aliens attacking our home, the defense system shows that the enemies are 5 star level 9s, 15 star level 7 and 8s. I think that the Nuolan Shan family probably hasn’t totally left!”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God’s expression changed.

“Dad, attacking the castle? Are there any injuries?” Luo Feng said anxiously.

“Many of the guards have died, we and Ping ping and Little Hai, along with Zhen Nan are in the castle without harm. However Xu Xin and your little brother Luo Hua are outside because of work.” Luo Hong Guo said worriedly.


Chapter 309: Extreme Anger

Earth, China.

Luo Feng’s castle was a symbolic structure of Yang-Zhou city, but it was currently being attacked like crazy!

“BOOM!”

“BOOM!”

The entire castle shook again and again as it was attacked by lightning-like images using either their fists or weapons. The powerful shockwaves crazily spread out and, within a radius of a few km, destroyed the lawn of West Lake Courtyard, revealing the ugly dirt and stone below.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Large amounts of smashed rock flew around, which damaged a few streets and residential areas outside of West Lake Courtyard. The flying rocks were no weaker than bullets. Cries of pain sounded across with West Lake Courtyard in the center. The few surrounding km of West Lake Courtyard were filled with people, so the amount of casualties rose to the thousands.

Thankfully!

These star level fighters were all focusing their attacks on the castle. If they spread out, then one of their attacks could completely decimate a sector and cause damage to over a 100 km radius!

“What’s going on? We still haven’t broke it?”

Tuo Lei Wu in his black battle uniform hovered in front of the castle like a warrior god. His 19 underlings transformed into 19 flowing lights as they attacked the castle again and again.

“Captain!”

A dark blue image stopped near him and said in a hurry, “This castle definitely wasn’t created on earth. This is a transportable castle sold to the wealthy in the universe. The structure of the castle was constructed with safety as its top priority. Especially the central area of the castle, it’s definitely at a C rank safety level”

“Bastard!” Tuo Lei Wu’s face became colder and colder.

“Captain!” Another squad member instantly appeared beside him and hovered there as he hurriedly said, “We can’t breakthrough. We should just go and capture Luo Feng’s wife and brother”

“Luo Feng’s parents and two children are in the castle. They are his most important family members! Only by catching them can we achieve the greatest effect” Tuo Lei Wu’s face became worse and worse.

In the vast universe, powerful universe fighters usually have many wives.

Because a fighter’s genes will improve the genes of his future descendents, for the sake of his family and race, they would usually have many wives! And…… some powers and families are willing to send up their women to stay with powerful fighters. So in the vast universe, powerful fighters have many wives, which means that the importance of a single wife is extremely low.

And the more powerful a fighter becomes, the fewer children they’ll have!

For example, the ‘Manka Planet people’ become domain lords when they become adults. Their genes are extremely good, but their population is also extremely small. And beings like the ‘Golden Horned Beast’ are so few that they’re almost extinct. Their population level is even lower than the amount of undying fighters in the universe!

A powerful fighter can have a huge group of wives, and yet very few children. And of course, one mom and one dad.

So a very natural idea was formed in the universe– the most important thing to a powerful fighter is their ‘parents and children’.

“Captain, earth usually goes by a monogamous system, so his wife is still important to him” said the squad member.

“Hmph, since this Luo Feng is the leader of earth and has a huge amount of wealth, he’ll definitely have more than one wife in the future” Tuo Lei Wu frowned as he said, “Whatever, since we can’t get to his parents and children, capture his wife and brother immediately”

“Yes”

The squad members obeyed respectfully.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Large amounts of flowing lights flew away, leaving behind only the extremely damaged castle and the ruined lawn.

Wuwuwuwu~~~

The sound of an alarm reverberated in the sky of Yang-Zhou city.

“Holy!”

“My heavens”

“This, this……”

As they stood on the ruins of destroyed homes, a group of police looked into the distance with shock. In front of them, huge ditches that were a few km long and several dozen meters deep seemed to have been created from the blade of a deity. The beautiful West Lake Courtyard has already become a ruin. Other than the tattered castle that still stands, everything else has been destroyed.

“Luo Feng’s castle sure is tough. The aliens blew past one layer of the castle walls, but the resulting shockwave has already destroyed the surrounding land and the walls of West Lake Courtyard”

Two high ranking military personnel talked on the car.

“How many people died?”

“812 deaths, several thousand injured”

“I can’t believe the people from the Nuolan Shan family still haven’t left!”

To earth overall, the destruction of West Lake Courtyard and the damage caused to the surrounding civilians is something big, but not big enough to threaten the entire world. The thing that truly shocked every county was….. that this showed the people from the Nuolan Shan family still haven’t left.

“Xu Xin, hurry, hurry and get to the survival base”

“Yes, don’t delay, right now”

Xu Xin, who received Luo Feng’s notification from the consciousness sensor helmet she carried around with her at all times, arranged for a fighter jet to come as she prepared to fly directly to the survival base.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The fighter jet was directly dragged to the ground while it was still in midair.

HUA!

The hatch opened, and Xu Xin looked towards Nuolan Shan family’s elite squad whose members clearly looked different from the humans on earth with an ugly face.

“Madam Luo, come with us” the mini quantum computer gave off an electronic sound.

One of the members grabbed Xu Xin’s hand and directly dragged her out.

Whoosh! All of them flew away.

Other than the problems they had with capturing Luo Feng’s parents and children, there was absolutely no problem in capturing the leaders of the five countries, Xu Xin, and Luo Hua.

Earth, South America.

Because of population issues, South America only has two headquarter cities. One of them is ‘Brasilia Headquarter City’, which is primarily made up of Brazilians from before the Grand Nirvana period. There were also people from other South American countries there too.

One of the courtyards in Brasilia headquarter city.

“Rong Zhi is back”

Three men in black battle uniforms raised their heads and watched as another squadron swiftly landed from the sky.

“Captain Rong Zhi, all of them have been captured?”

“Way too easy”

The four captains stood together. Because their spaceship was hidden in the Amazon Forest and they didn’t want to keep living in the forest while they were on earth….. they picked the nearby Brasilia headquarter city and chose a decent area to build a decent courtyard.

As for the original owner of this area?

He has long become fertilizer.

“Get all of them here” ordered Tuo Lei Wu.

“Yes, captain”

The leaders of the five powerful countries, Xu Xin, and Luo Hua were all escorted to the huge lawn of the courtyard.

“1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7!” Tuo Lei Wu looked at the seven people and revealed a smile, “It is my honor to meet you guys” he spoke in the universe language and the quantum computer automatically translated into ‘Chinese and English’.

The seven people here were no ordinary people. Nothing needs to be said about the five leaders of the five most powerful countries on earth. Xu Xin is Luo Feng’s wife and frequently uses the virtual universe network, so she understand a lot about the universe. Luo Hua has been handicapped for around 10 years and loves playing in the stock market, which tests one’s mind. When encountering something like this, he was naturally calm.

“May I ask who you are?” out of the five leaders, the American president was the first to ask.

“I, am just the captain of an extremely ordinary adventuring squad in the universe” smiled Tuo Lei Wu as he spoke in the universe language, “I want to ask you guys, I’m sure none of you have forgotten the swallowing beast incident back then?”

The seven of them slightly nodded.

“Good, you all are cooperating well”

Tuo Lei Wu nodded, “Then where is the corpse of the swallowing beast?”

A bit of confusion flashed across the eyes of the seven of them here. Tuo Lei Wu frowned in response: “Rong Zhi, hypnotize them and ask them. Don’t forget, especially the woman and the youth, don’t damage their memories. Later on I still need them to contact the leader of earth, ‘Luo Feng’”

“Don’t worry” smiled another captain.

His formless spiritual force seeped into each of their consciousnesses, and then he began his questioning.

“What’s going on, none of them know?”

“Not even Luo Feng’s wife knows!”

The faces of Tuo Lei Wu and the other three captains all changed. Their goal on earth was to find the body of the swallowing beast!

“Wake up!” yelled Rong Zhi.

The seven of them awakened, and all of them exchanged glances, their faces changing slightly.

“Madam Luo, I need you to enter the virtual universe network immediately. I will accompany you” said Tuo Lei Wu in a low tone, “If you don’t accept, you should know that many people will die. I’m sure, with your kindness, you will accept…..”

Xu Xin took in a deep breath and slightly nodded.

She had no choice!

Xu Xin had no power to resist this universe adventuring squad that can capture the leaders of the five powerful countries without trying.

Virtual universe.

Xu Xin and Tuo Lei Wu appeared on the street at the same time. Tuo Lei Wu brought Xu Xin into a room in a bar.

“Contact Luo Feng” commanded Tuo Lei Wu, “Remember, do as I told you”

“Okay”

Xu Xin could only send the invitation. In just a moment, Luo Feng, Hong, and Thunder God appeared on the screen in front of them.

“Xu Xin?” Luo Feng’s cold face finally let out some happiness, “You arrived at the survival base? You’re fine?”

“I’m fine”

Xu Xin said, “Luo Feng, the humans from the universe squad that invaded our home captured brother Luo Hua, and then used brother Luo Hua’s phone, and then called me, and then made me tell them where the corpse of the swallowing monster is. If I don’t tell them, they’ll kill brother Luo Hua. I don’t even know where the corpse of the swallowing monster is, what should I do?”

Tuo Lei Wu stood in the corner of the room as he coldly watched. According to his plan, he’ll first get Xu Xin to ask her husband. It is easy to give out the information when a wife is asking her husband. If that doesn’t work, he’ll force out the information!

“Luo Feng, if you don’t say anything, brother Luo Hua is going to die” said Xu Xin hurriedly.

“What are you asking this for, the corpse of the swallowing beast has already rotted away” Luo Feng started to become nervous, because he knew…… Xu Xin has been captured.

Because, Xu Xin has already been hinting at that fact.

When Xu Xin usually talks about Luo Hua, she’ll usually directly say “your brother” or “Luo Hua”. She wouldn’t say something like “brother Luo Hua”. And Xu Xin said “brother Luo Hua” several times in the conversation, and she spoke in quite a weird tone. And Tuo Lei Wu, who is relying on his ‘mini quantum computer’ for translations….. wouldn’t be able to realize this at all.

“Mr. Leader!” an image appeared beside Xu Xin.

Luo Feng stared at the cold man in front.

“Don’t lie to us like you lied to your wife! There is no way the corpse of the swallowing monster will rot away in a short three years. Tell me, where is it?” said Tuo Lei Wu in a low tone, “If you don’t tell me, your brother, wife, and countless others will lose their lives”

Luo Feng stared at Tuo Lei Wu: “You’re from the Noulan Shan family?”

“Nuolan Shan family? What do they have to do with us, are you joking” laughed Tuo Lei Wu. Suddenly, his tone became cold as he yelled, “Stop wasting time, are you going to tell me or not?”

“BASTARD!!!”

Luo Feng’s expression was complicated.

“Ten seconds, if you don’t tell me in ten seconds, I’ll kill your brother first” said Tuo Lei Wu coldly, “10….. 9……”.

“Stop playing these childish games” Luo Feng stared at Tuo Lei Wu, “Don’t you want to know about the corpse of the golden horned beast. Stop saying swallowing beast, you think I don’t know?”

“Good!” Tuo Lei Wu laughed.

As an elite in the top 10 of Nuolan Shan’s guards, he indeed has heard of the swallowing beast. However, in Pula’s plan, everyone was commanded to just say ‘swallowing beast’.

“However….. I can’t completely trust you” said Luo Feng.

“I understand” Tuo Lei Wu nodded.

“We’ll exchange the people and the corpse of the golden horned beast at the same time” said Luo Feng coldly, “The corpse of the golden horned beast actually isn’t even on earth. It is on a uninhabited planet that needs around 10 days to reach while flying at a rate of 20,000 km/s. So, no matter how hard you search on earth, you won’t be able to find it.

Tuo Lei Wu’s eyes flashed as he complimented: “Nice, smart, Mr. Leader, I’m starting to respect you. Yes, a treasure like the corpse of the golden horned beast indeed needs to be hidden well”

“Tell me, where is it?” Tuo Lei Wu started to get a bit excited. The corpse of the golden horned beast was too important. It was way more valuable than the property of the entire Nuolan Shan family.

“Hmph”

Luo Feng sneered, “If I tell you now and then you end up killing people, what can I do?”

Tuo Lei Wu’s face sank.

“Hmph” Luo Feng sneered, “If we cooperate, I’ll give you some space coordinates. Arrange for some people to get there! As for me, I’ll also arrange for people to meet my family members and confirm their safety. At that time, you will release them, and I will tell you the exact location of the golden horned beast”

“If you can’t even accept this, then that means you were never planning to let my family members go”

“Then, we have no need for any deals!”

“It’s not like I can’t ruin your squad via the golden horned beast’s corpse” sneered Luo Feng.

Tuo Lei Wu laughed weirdly: “Leader Luo Feng is indeed straightforward. We’ll do as you say!”

“Alright!”

Luo Feng’s expression was cold.

Luo Feng swiftly arranged everything with Tuo Lei Wu and then ended the call.

“Wula” in a moment, Luo Feng contacted the slave market salesman again.

“Mr. Luo Feng, you said you want me to transport 100 star level 9 slaves to Bai Lan star within a day? One day is just too short! One days time, which is to say….. we have to complete the transaction within the Silverblue empire. Star level 9 slaves aren’t common to begin with. In a small area like the Silverblue Empire, even if I make arrangements with other salesmen, there aren’t that many”.

“Stop wasting time. Up to how many can you bring within a day. I’ll pay the full price” yelled Luo Feng.

“Eight! To reach Bai Lan star within a day, at most eight star level nine slaves can be sent. And you can’t pick their race, gender, etc.” the green haired man shook his head helplessly, “Mr. Luo Feng, is there really such a need to rush? One day, sigh, that’s just too short. It takes almost 10 days to transport from Dragon Star to Bai Lan star”.

Luo Feng was clear.

It was hard for the slave salesman to transport star level 9 slaves to Bai Lan star. Since there is a limit to how far you can fly in a day!

“If it’s eight at most, then just do eight!” said Luo Feng.


Chapter 310: The Killing Fields

After finishing the call with Wula. 12 hours later, they reached Bailan Star.

The white snow fluttered about, extreme cold temperatures all about.

The ship landed within the warehouse bases, in front of a castle.

“Master.” The slave guards were respectfully waiting in front of the base.

“Yes.” Luo Feng swiftly exited from the cabin door, Thunder God and Hong followed behind.

“The metals Master ordered have arrived, they are all stored in the warehouse.” The slave guard captain said respectfully, “Also, the slave owner’s ship arrived too, delivering three slaves.”

“Ok.” Luo Feng nodded.

The metals he ordered, were the optimum combination the Golden Horned Beast required during the Star level, it allowed the evolution speed multiplier go up to eighty nine times! The metal groups he ordered the previous time cost 10 billion Black Dragon dollars, and right now, they were just about depleted, their multiplier efficiency had only reached fifty one times.

The slave guard captain watched as Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God entered the castle.

The slave guard captain was somewhat shocked, the Master usually had a smile when he arrived, yet why was his aura so angry and malevolent this time?

Ever since the possession, Luo Feng’s killing intent and aura had always been heavily brutal and savage, it was only because of his wife and children that helped diffuse this malevolence, that and Luo Feng’s own self control. This was why he was always courteous and never seemed to look down or bully anybody, one had to know… When Luo Feng first left the sea and killed Sago Nehru and Atkin, that was the Luo Feng without restraints!

This time, Luo Feng’s killing intent and savage side couldn’t be held back any longer.

……

Within the top floor of castle on Bailan Star.

They had been on Bailan Star for about 9 hours, just at that time, the last five Star level 9 slaves were finally delivered.

“Third brother, you are taking the slaves back with you to Earth alone, don’t you need us with you?” Thunder God stared wide eyed.

“First and second brother, the battle this time mainly relies on the Star level 9 slaves. You and I, have no way to intervene at all. The only reason I’m going is to direct and give orders faster. If I didn’t need to direct them, there’s actually no need for me to go at all.” Luo Feng explained.

Hong and Thunder God understood.

This battle was a battle between Star level 9 warriors, between the two of them, one was a Star level 1 while the other was only a Star Traveller level 9, going with them would be suicide!

“Third brother, you must be careful.” Thunder God couldn’t help but say.

“Don’t overdo it.” Hong reminded.

Luo Feng nodded, “I’ll be leaving first.” Ever since he found out about his wife and little brother being taken hostage, he had lost all sense of restraint, it was only because he needed to wait for the eight slaves that he held back till now.

At the entrance of the castle.

Hong and Thunder God watched as Luo Feng brought the eight Star level 9 slaves and took the ship, disappearing into the sky.

“Sigh…” Thunder God sighed angrily, looking to Hong beside him, “Big brother, don’t you feel really bad inside.”

“A little.” Hong slightly lifted his head, looking in the direction of which the ship disappeared.

“I don’t feel good either.” Thunder God exclaimed. “Before, no matter what level of danger we encountered, the two of us could still fight it out. Yet this time…from the start till end, the two of us couldn’t do anything at all! This feeling of helplessness, it’s really… really shitty! Feels terrible!”

“It is indeed a terrible feeling!” Hong nodded.

Hong and Thunder God, just what sort of people are they?

Over the decades, the two had always been Earth’s pinnacle of strength and elites! Whether it was the period of the Great Nirvana, or the incident with the Swallowing Beast! They could always fight it out and give their all!

Yet this time…The crisis brought about by the Nuolan Shan family, the two had no power to help at all!

“Our power is simply too weak.” Hong said solemnly.

“Yes, we are too weak.” Thunder God nodded, “It’s not just us that are too weak, even third brother’s power is too weak! Right now we are relying on the power of money…and our own strengths and powers? Two star level 1 warriors, one Star Traveller level 9. Compared to the Nuolan Shan family, the difference is just simply absurd.

Hong said solemnly: “Let’s go to the virtual universe.”

“Virtual universe?” Thunder God froze.

“The virtual universe is the place within the entire vast universe where countless people and powerful warriors gather. We have to find a path that fits us!” Hong said.

Within the Virtual Universe Network.

Hong and Thunder God sat within the corner of a bar, Hong relied on his quantum computer to search for data.

“How’s it coming?” Thunder God asked.

“I’ve found it, a very suitable place for fighters to train.” Hong nodded, “However this place, the price is very high! According to the difference in levels of power, the amount to be paid is different, but they are still expensive!”

“Third brother gave us each 500 million Ganwu dollars! That’ll definitely be enough.” Thunder God said.

“It is enough, 500 million Ganwu dollars is a huge sum of money.” Hong nodded, “however, as we grow stronger, even the 500 million Ganwu dollars will be used up.”

“What is this place?” Thunder God couldn’t help but ask.

“The Killing Fields!”

Hong slowly explained

For a fighter to raise his powers, does he rely on simply hard training? Unless one was a Manka person, or something like the Golden Horned Beast, with a strong natural bloodline to naturally reach the Domain Lord or Sector Lord! However…even the Manka people, after reaching the Domain Lord, would still require various methods to train and work to breakthrough.

Want to raise one’s power?

Battle!

Battle was the best method! The best way was to battle one that was on par with one’s own strength! A battle that forced one to his limits and feel the imminence of death!

“Right, big brother, the time when our powers rose the fastest was during the Great Nirvana, it was during that period that we had to face many many different kinds of monsters. But as our powers overtook that of the monsters, our evolution speed too slowed! Over decades, we only rose by three levels.” Thunder God said.

“Yes.” Hong’s eyes gleamed.

A fighter that didn’t battle, how could he still be considered a fighter?

……

Hong and Thunder God had indeed found a more suitable path, battle was indeed one important path for upgrading one’s powers, this was also the reason why the powerful fighters and spirit readers, over 99% of them joined the Universe Mercenary Alliance. This was also why the Battle-axe Coliseum, a terrifying place where there was a definite death every battle, was still popular and functioning!

To one who acquires the title of Universe level Battle-axe warrior, the probability of reaching the Domain Lord could be said to be 50%!

While for normal Universe levels to break into the Domain Lord level, the probability is absurdly low.

……

“This is the Killing Fields?” Hong and Thunder God entered a large hall, this hall was enormous, comparable to even a city, however there weren’t too many people within.

“It’s truly imposing.”

Thunder God looked within the large hall, the huge ‘blood’ backdrop, caused him to compliment.

“How can it not be imposing? This place’s prices are extremely expensive, I’m a Star Traveller level 9, a day here requires 1 million Black Dragon dollars or 700 Ganwu dollars. This is definitely not something an average person could afford.” Hong couldn’t help but say, 1 million Black Dragon dollars is enough to even buy a huge warehouse base on Bailan Star.

Over here, just one day was enough!

“But many people are still willing to come.” Thunder God couldn’t help but say, “didn’t you see the advertisement, whatever kinds of enemies, they can completely customize them to your request.”

“Indeed, that’s what I like about here.” Hong took a deep breath. Killing Fields!

This was an extremely extravagant battle place, the customer, could request from the Virtual Universe Network with whatever he wants. For example, Hong was a Star Traveller level 9, his domain was at the 2nd level, he could totally request for a Star level 9 with domain level 3, this was extremely difficult to do in reality.

He could also request for a hundred Star Traveller level 9 warriors to surround and attack him.

These sort of meetings, were extremely rare in reality. However in the virtual universe, they were all possible!

Of course…

There were still differences between the virtual universe and reality, otherwise, the Battle-axe Coliseum wouldn’t be so popular.

“Tulu, you’d made big this time no?”

“Still ok, however we lost three of our people from our little team! No choice…several small teams discovered the new world together, how could we not engage in battle? And who knows which Sector Lord created the new world, within it there were several treasures that I didn’t manage to grab hold of, at least we managed to get 10,000 of the universe crystals, it’s considered quite an earning.”

“10,000? This world, there’s definitely more to be excavated there!”

The three men walked past from beside, on their left chest were medals, the picture of the medals were blood red waves floating about a planet.

“Universe 1 star mercenaries.”

Hong and Thunder God looked at each other.

The Mercenary medal the Battle-axe medal, etc, these were all medals recognized within the virtual universe, through the virtual universe’s customer screening through their quantum computers or AI systems, while checking the user’s data, it automatically recorded these details. The users could choose whether to display these or hide them.

“What in world were they talking about?” Thunder God couldn’t help but ask.

“They were talking about a Sector Lord, I’ve also heard that Sector Lords are capable of creating another world.” Hong shook his head, “Anyway, that’s still too far from where we are, let’s go, let’s enter to battle.”

“Right, battle.”

Hong and Thunder God thus began their days within the Killing Fields…

Over here, many of the strong and powerful within the universe frequented the place. If they met any enemy in reality, they could totally enter the Killing Fields and custom an enemy similar to the one in reality and begin the battle! Of course…there were bound to be several differences between the virtual universe and reality.

You could never possibly customize an enemy or opponent to be 100% similar to reality.

When Hong and Thunder God were experiencing ‘death’ time and again within the Killing Fields, and also the feeling of killing the opponent time after time, after about 8 hours of universe travel, Luo Feng’s universe ship had finally arrived on Earth!

China East side, within a particular wilderness area.

A man dressed in a blood red uniform, eyes gleaming from with rage stood there. Behind him, stood a row of eight people, the shortest about 1.2m while the tallest was about 4m tall. There were both men and women, one them in particular had a lion’s head .

Yes!

These were the eight star level 9 slaves Luo Feng had purchased! Due to time constraints, Luo Feng didn’t have much to choose from, hence this eight slaves had very big differences from the first batch that he bought. The first batch had appearances that were very similar to the humans of Earth, without careful analysis, one couldn’t even tell.

“From now on, you cannot be over 100 meters away from me.” Luo Feng said using universe language.

“Yes, master!”

Whether it was a loud reverberating, or deep and resounding, or clean and crisp voice, the complex mix resounded, the eight star level 9 slaves replied respectfully.

Luo Feng was expressionless, there was a fire raging in his eyes.

“Babata, enter the entire planet’s satellite network, through the countries’ surveillance systems, look for traces of those scum from the Nuolan Shan family.” Luo Feng gave the order.

“Yes!”


Chapter 311: Rescue Mission

In the wilderness, Luo Feng and his eight slaves were patiently waiting.

“Luo Feng, those scum must have hidden their signal, and they are using camouflage systems, the countries’ surveillance systems cannot detect them.” Babata was obviously dissatisfied, “Oh, wait!”

“What’s wrong?” Luo Feng listened intently.

“I realized…that there’s an AI system that has hacked into the Earth’s satellite network. Hehe, and it’s a little punk!” Babata was obviously excited, “Oh, I’ve found it. This AI level probably corresponds to a basic level AI, it has entered the Earth’s network, the entry point being south America, Brasillia headquarter city.”

“South America?” Luo Feng grinned slightly with a cold smile.

Hua!

A ship appeared in mid air beside him, the cabin door automatically opening.

“Let’s go!” Luo Feng ordered.

The eight great slaves followed him into the ship.

……

Flying from Asia to South America, even though Luo Feng’s speed was incredible, it would still take awhile. Using the universe ship however was extremely fast! Just like the Nuolan Shan family, Luo Feng’s ship naturally had its own signal masking and camouflage systems and abilities, with Babata around, Luo Feng’s ship could camouflage itself even better than the Nuolan Shan family’s.

South America, Brasilia headquarter city.

The villa that Tuo Lei Wu and his men had taken over was about 60km away, the ship floated.

“Remember, no one is to leave more than 100m away from me.” Luo Feng stared coldly at the eight great slaves, “At the same time, no one is to make a single sound, understood?”

“Understood.”

The eight great slaves replied.

“Very good, let’s go.” Luo Feng flew out of the ship first and the eight great slaves followed.

The nine of them swiftly headed towards the villa.

The little elite team probably would never have suspected that with their far more advanced technology than Earth, the only reason why they were finally discovered was because their AI had hacked into Earth’s network systems and got discovered. There was no way around it, compared to Babata, that AI’s capabilities were far too inferior.

“It’s that villa in front.” Babata reminded.

Luo Feng and the eight great slaves floated in mid air.

However, the light around them was somewhat warping, causing the nine who were floating in mid air to be invisible to the people in the district below them. This sort of camouflage was purely a result of the study of light systems to hide oneself from sight. To the warriors and strong however, as long as the distance was close, they could totally feel each other’s energies.

“Babata, have you checked on the situation inside?” Luo Feng asked.

“My scanning system radius is 20,000m, why don’t you even take a look at where my security surveillance system is from? It’s actually taken from the Yun Mo Planet ship!” Babata was extremely confident, back then on Misty Island, he relied on this security surveillance system to scan every human’s strength, potential, even the breadth of their brains he scanned from far.

The Yun Mo Planet ship!

Hu Yan Bo’s ship! Just how advanced was his security surveillance system? Checking in on a group of Star level 9 warriors was too simple.

“Hehe, they actually even installed a defense mechanism? Haha, in front of me, it’s all a joke.”

“Hoho, take a look. 15 Star level 9, 19 Star level 8, 26 Star level 7 warriors. The Nuolan Shan family has a total of sixty people. The captured…hm, they are the leaders of the five great countries along with your wife Xu Xin, and your little brother Luo Hua.” Babata easily scanned everything.

As long as it was within the 20,000m (20km) area, he could easily scan everything clearly.

“Sixty people?” Luo Feng’s eyebrows creased.

Fifteen at Star level 9 and forty five at Star level 7 and 8.

Their strength was double that of his!

Luo Feng didn’t know…

There was a separate group of twenty that was in a ship leaving earth, heading towards Luo Feng’s given coordinates, ready to search for the Golden Horned Beast’s body.

“Babata, give me everyone’s specific locations along with the entire blueprint of the villa, etc.” Luo Feng was very clear, he needed to be extremely careful in this rescue mission, just a small hiccup would result in undesired consequences.

Within a short time.

“From now on, I will give you your orders through the mini quantum computer.” Luo Feng’s gaze swept past the eight great slaves, “You need to be extra careful.”

“Understood, Master.” The eight great slaves replied solemnly.

“Let’s go!” Luo Feng gave the order through Babata to their quantum computers.

The eight great slaves didn’t even reply, following Luo Feng into the villa, the nine reaching the foot of the wall.

“The four of you will stay out here and stand guard, be prepared for orders.” Luo Feng ordered.

The four nodded, not daring to make a sound.

“The rest will follow me.” Luo Feng too didn’t make a sound, only directing.

Luo Feng and the other four sneakily began to enter the conquered large villa, luckily with Babata’s scanning and surveillance, any person’s position and movement were all within his grasp. The only thing was…Luo Feng still didn’t dare get careless, even controlling his heartbeat to the point where it was stopped for awhile, after all, the weakest on the enemy side was still at least a Star level 7.

They were all extremely vigilant people!

Even heartbeats could arouse their suspicion and notice! Controlling one’s heartbeat to temporarily stop wasn’t necessarily a hard thing, normal Student level fighters could slow down their heartbeats already, Star Traveller fighters could even stop their hearts for half an hour, much less Luo Feng who was a Star level 1 spirit reader. He could even simply destroy his heart and nothing would even happen!

“There’s someone heading here, he’ll discover you in about 1.1 seconds.”

“On the left, 52m away there’s someone coming down the stairs.”

“In front…”

……

Babata’s frequent warnings made Luo Feng and the other four extremely nervous and careful.

Within the villa, in a particular building, a luxurious room on the third floor, there were two Star level 9 fighters standing guard.

Within the room.

Tuo Lei Wu sat crossed-legged, currently within the virtual universe reporting the situation to the family head.

“Head ancestor, Nuolan Shan guard Rongzhi is leading a small team and is currently heading towards the destination, I estimate they’ll reach fifteen days later.” Tuo Lei Wu stood at attention, his eyes filled with excitement and worship, the human silhouette on the screen before him was the man with the highest power and authority within the entire Nuolan Shan family!

Tuo Lei Wu was filled with great pride and passion.

To be able to meet with the founder of the family, this was such an honor. One had to know even the elite heir Pula only got to meet Nuolan Shan for the first time also because of this incident.

“Fifteen days?” Nuolan Shan’s gaze was cold, the corners of his mouth curling slightly.

“Very well, you currently have the position of ‘Great Captain’ right.” Nuolan Shan said casually.

“Yes, Head Ancestor.” Tuo Lei Wu said respectfully.

“When this matter is done, you will be promoted to commander.” Nuolan Shan said directly, “and be awarded with a family medal.”

Tuo Lei Wu and the others were all outsiders, hence normally the highest position they could ever achieve was as a commander! Of course…if they reached the Universe level, they’d become something the Kaluo empire, Silverblue Empire, etc would fight to have. Staying within the Nuolan Shan family, they naturally would receive an even higher position, comparable to even the heads.

Tuo Lei Wu looked happy and excited, replying loudly, “Yes, Head Ancestor!”

“On earth, be more careful with the captured leaders and hostages, don’t let anything happen.” Nuolan Shan warned.

“Head Ancestor, there definitely won’t be anything that’ll disrupt the plan, I guarantee with my life!” Tuo Lei Wu was extremely confident facing the Head Ancestor.

Nuolan Shan slightly nodded.

He was satisfied with the way his underlings were handling matters seriously.

“Luo Feng, in front of you 150m ahead, is the place where they are holding the leaders of the five great countries and Xu Xin and Luo Hua.”

“Right now, we are unable to get any closer, that level is the place within the villa with the most number of fighters, the Nuolan Shan family little team of sixty members, thirty two of them are in that level. Including nine who are at Star level 9.” Babata warned Luo Feng, the entire villa was huge, the number of other people in the other areas wasn’t considered large at all.

Luo Feng had no choice but to gradually draw closer.

“The captive place is guarded by two Star level 9 guards.” Babata warned, “The other people guarding are quite a bit further.”

Luo Feng’s thoughts moved, the cloud contact vine swiftly covered his face.

One was for safety, two, he didn’t want the Nuolan Shan family people to know that he was Luo Feng.

“150m, you are all at Star level 9, flying speed within space can reach a max of 150,000m per second, on Earth, because of the air resistance, you’d be much slower. But you’ll still be able to hit 50,000m per second, I now request for you all to reach within 150m of that room with your greatest speed.”

“Two of you will be in charge of pinning down the guards while the other two will be in charge of saving people.”

Luo Feng’s orders were transmitted to their quantum computers.

The four great slaves nodded.

“Then…”Luo Feng looked at the building before him, his eyes squinting, “Let’s do it!”

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

The four great slaves, Star level 9 warriors, and Luo Feng!

The four slaves had a flying speed of about 50,000m per second, even though Luo Feng was only a Star level 1, however relying on the level 3 spirit weapon Soaring Shuttle along with great awareness, his speed could still exceed 20,000m per second!

Within the room.

Xu Xin, Luo Hua and the leaders of the 5 countries were scattered in the different corners of the room, nothing but a blanket was spread across the floor.

“What are you looking at?” A guard sitting in a chair stared at the leaders of Europe, pointing as he snorted, “Someone like you, a country leader? However, I do have to say, your Earth is only just this big, to actually have so many countries! Within the universe’s low level civilizations, they usually contain a few galaxies, millions of life planets…”

The moment his words left his mouth!

Rumble!

The wall violently exploded apart!

A strong and sturdily built man huge man with a lion head dressed in battle armor rushed in, immediately reaching right in front of the guard.

150m distance, 50,000m per second? What did it mean?

It was faster than a blink of the eye!

As it was simply too fast, faster than the speed of sound by many times. The moment the two guards felt the powerful auras, the four slaves only had a distance of 10m between them, following that, they immediately engaged in battle!

“What!”

Luo Hua and Xu Xin stared.

Sou! Sou!

Two long vines fiercely rose from the ground and wrapped them, the leaves wrapping them separately.

……

Luo Feng controlled seven vines and separated they wrapped around the seven hostages. One had to know back then during the Misty Island incident, the cloud contact vine numbers were already plentiful, much less the currently already Star level 3 cloud contact vine. With regards to just the cloud contact vine’s growth speed, Luo Feng’s particular one was indeed fast.

At least…

It was much faster than Luo Feng’s human body training.

“Capture them!”

“Quickly!”

The entire villa had suddenly rumbled and exploded into chaos, with the naked eye, one could only see shockwaves whistling and spreading in every direction, not only did it level the villa completely, the surrounding residential district alleys too suddenly received large amounts of shockwaves that destroyed and leveled the area. Back during the attack on West Lake Courtyard, the main courtyard itself was a few km square meters.

And this villa wasn’t that big.

Plus, during the last time, all the attacks were directed at the castle. This time however, was a group of Star level 9 warriors attacking each other seriously, some of the attacks were dodged and naturally hit the walls and ground.

“Capture that red armored person!” Tuo Lei Wu became like a flash, rushing towards the sky.

With one look, he could gaze far and wide, a person clad in blood red armor with seven vines extended, wrapped around seven people.

“No need to send me off.”

A universe ship appeared in mid air suddenly, the cabin door was opened from earlier on, the person clad in blood red armor carried the seven and swiftly entered the cabin.

Sou!

The universe ship immediately disappeared.

With regards to speed…the universe ship’s speed, was many many times faster than a Star level 9.

“Lure them towards the Pacific Ocean, these are the coordinates.” At the same time, Luo Feng sent out the order to the eight great slaves’ mini quantum computers.


Chapter 312: Bloodbath at Sea

Within the universe ship, the leaders of the five countries were breathing anxiously, obviously the scene from before happened too quickly, suddenly they were wrapped in the cloud contact vine’s leaves, not having a chance to react to anything.

The cloud contact armor swiftly retracted, revealing Luo Feng’s face.

“Luo Feng?”

“Mr. Luo Feng?”

The leaders of the countries all looked shocked at the person before them, following with expressions of elation and joy, they understood they had been saved. Beside them, Xu Xin and Luo Hua looked even happier, Xu Xin rushed straight into Luo Feng’s chest, hugging him tightly: “I was afraid, afraid that I would never get to see you again, and that I would never see Ping Ping and Little Hai…”

“It’s fine now, darling.” Luo Feng said softly.

They hugged for awhile before Luo Feng released her.

“Attention all.” Luo Feng looked at the others, “I still have matters to attend to, I request for you all to wait within the universe ship for the moment, it’s extremely safe within here.”

“Bro, be careful.” Luo Hua said.

Luo Feng laughed before gently pinching the cheeks of his wife’s little face. After that, he turned and swiftly left, flying out the cabin!

Above the Pacific Ocean.

Luo Feng raised his head to see the universe ship in mid air disappear into the borders of the sky.

“It’s time to truly battle it out at least once!”

“Those scum from the Nuolan Shan family, they really think of Earth as their backyard, playing with whatever they want!” Luo Feng floated in mid air, gazing far at the direction of South America, smiling coldly before plunging straight into the ocean below. With a splash and ripples of waves splashing about, Luo Feng entered towards the sea bed.

Luo Feng’s internal world.

The large land enshrouded in golden mist, the Golden Horned Beast that was originally occupying the metal land suddenly disappeared, at the same time, a human male appeared within. According to theory, within this internal world, whether it was metal or human flesh and blood, the moment they entered, they would immediately be broken down and killed.

Back when the Golden Horned Beast attacked, that was how it swallowed the battle bases.

This level of decomposition power, was a natural ability from the internal world.

When Luo Feng appeared…the energy actually reacted as though it had discovered its own child, wrapping itself around Luo Feng, not hurting him at all!

“Luo Feng, later, just go ahead and kill to your heart’s content!”

“When I created the auxiliary AI to meld into that ship, I already linked it to the Earth’s satellite network, any footage or pictures of this entire sea’s happenings will immediately be deleted, relax, no one will discover you.”

To chase and slaughter!

The extremely enraged Nuolan Shan family little elite team, had been madly pursuing Luo Feng’s eight Star level 9 slaves. Their bloodthirsty close quarter fight extended to tens of thousands of km, however their speeds were simply too fast, every second equated to 50km, after a few minutes of work, they had rushed over from South America to where Luo Feng had concealed himself.

“Hua hua…”

The ocean slightly rippled, the sun was incredibly glaring.

“Bastard, bastard, bastard!!!” Tuo Lei Wu was roaring with rage within, not long ago, he even told the Head Ancestor that he was extremely confident with guarantee… “Head Ancestor, there definitely won’t be any problems, I dare to guarantee with my life!” However in the blink of an eye, all his hostages were taken away, how could he not be angry?

Chase him down and kill him!

They had the numbers, successfully killing one of the enemy’s Star level 9 warrriors, while losing themselves a Star level 8.

“Not one of you is escaping!” Tuo Lei Wu’s eyes glared.

Fifteen Star level 9 warriors were chasing down seven Star level 9 warriors!

The Star level 9 warriors were flying far head while the eighteen Star level 8 warriors were obviously slower by quite a bit, the twenty six Star level 7 warriors were even further behind.

And just when Tuo Lei Wu and a group of the Star level 9 warriors just flew over from that side of the ocean, the originally peaceful ocean suddenly erupted and burst open, almost as though an enormous black creature was rising from the seabed, gradually, revealing its sharp blades, silhouette that was just like a huge mountain.

“Look!”

“What’s that?”

The eighteen Star level 8 warriors caught up from behind, they were extremely vigilant, such an enormous figure, caused so much commotion, how could they not discover it?

“Why do I feel that it resembles the Swallowing Beast from the data.” A group of members looked carefully.

“Swallowing Beast???”

“Quickly look!”

“It truly looks like it!”

“It’s indeed similar, the scales on its back even have golden engravings.”

“It’s head is about to surface.”

The Swallowing Beast was incredibly important, compared to chasing down those Star level 9 warriors before, that didn’t have any meaning anymore. At this time, a group from behind…the twenty six Star level 7 warriors finally caught up.

Under the careful scrutiny of the Nuolan Shan family’s elite little team who were floating in mid air, among the lashing of waves, an incredible enormous head, just it’s head alone was over 100m huge, meaning to say…one head alone was bigger than earth’s normal high school’s football fields!

The huge and vast back, was just like a mountain!

Incomparably huge!

However, this group of elite members, who were from the universe, having experienced much and seen extensively, were all very calm.

“Hua la!”

This huge beast finally broke out from the water’s surface, the ocean lashed at it’s entire body of piercing black scales, under the glare of the sun, its reflection was incredibly glaring. It’s huge head’s most eye-catching point was obviously, the two black horns that pierced the sky and made people tremble, wrapped about the horns were tight and peculiar golden engravings, causing the black horns to look, at first glance, like they were golden.

A pair of huge dark golden pupils!

Almost as though it were the eyes of heaven and earth!

Ice cold, brutal and savage!

“Swallowing Beast!!!” One member from the group shouted loudly.

“It’s the Swallowing Beast!”

“That’s it, that’s it”

The Nuolan Shan family’s elite group of members, none of them were feeling fear, rather, they all shouted in excitement.

“Quickly inform the captain!”

“Quickly.”

“This is too good, this swallowing beast is actually still alive.”

Tuo Lei Wu and the other fifteen Nuolan Shan guards were still engaged in chasing.

“They really run fast.” Tuo Lei Wu was so enraged that his teeth itched, other than killing one of the enemies amidst the initial chaos, he couldn’t kill any at all during the chase. As the enemy was focusing all their power on escaping, to actually be able to kill while chasing was difficult. However the moment Tuo Lei Wu thought about the guarantee he made towards the Head Ancestor, and the way things were now, he couldn’t help but grow more enraged.

“Du du.”

The quantum computer on his arm vibrated.

“Captain, captain, it’s the Swallowing Beast, a living Swallowing Beast!” An excited voice resounded, simultaneously, the screen appeared with the footage of the Golden Horned Beast gradually appearing from the sea bed.

“My god!”

Tuo Lei Wu’s eyes stared wide, the scene from the quantum computer made his heart and spirit tremble, the other members didn’t know about the Golden Horned Beast but he did! That was the Golden Horned Beast, the most elite bloodline amongst the space beasts, the moment it matured, it would be the pinnacle of Sector Lord level 9!

Similar to the Undying Beings, just as invincible!

The most elite bloodline, an almost extinct race, much less than even the Undying Beings and warriors.

“This is the Golden Horned Beast, and it’s still an infant.” Tuo Lei Wu had a feeling of admiration, the legendary pinnacle of space beasts, the Golden Horned Beast was the true presence of power, with a slight movement of its legs, a wave of its tail, it could shave away at layers of a planet, with its full power, it could easily destroy an entire planet!

This was the elite Golden Horned Beast!

The pinnacle existence of Sector Lords!

“Quickly, capture it.” Tuo Lei Wu raged.

“Everybody, stop chasing, quickly, follow me.” Tuo Lei Wu informed the other fourteen members through the AI computer with the video, giving the order. There were some who were still curious as to why they were stopping, however after seeing the footage, they all grew excited and began to shout, incomparably excited as they turned and flew back.

The air above the ocean.

“Capture it!”

“Capture it alive!” The eighteen Star level 8 and twenty six Star level 7 warriors, the group members were extremely excited.

The Golden Horned Beast that gradually surfaced looked above and surveyed the fastest and the ones in front, the group of Star level 8 warriors, its eyes filled with a thread of killing intent.

Hu!

A scaled tail that shook the earth moved at a shocking speed sweeping past the air, towards the eighteen Star level 8 warriors, nine of which were hit by it, the first five who were immediately and directly hit by the tail were instantly split apart, fresh blood scattering with limbs flung all over, the remaining four were either crippled or heavily damaged.

“Don’t use force to fight with it, use skill.”

“It’s body is huge, within a small space, it won’t be able to react as quickly as humans.”

The other members were terrified to the point of sweating cold sweat, each becoming like thunder snakes with movements that were hard to trace and capture.

This was indeed a weak point of the Golden Horned Beast, back when Hong and Thunder God immolated their souls and faced the Golden Horned Beast, they relied on their small stature and quick reflexes to attack. However…as an elite of the bloodlines, the Golden Horned Beast also had methods to supplement its weaknesses, that being its entire body was a weapon!

Claws! Horns! Tail! Wings!

“Hu la!”

The Golden Horned Beast whose speed was exploding, with a wave of it’s huge wings, it’s wings were totally covered in scales, at its sides were the incredibly sharp and piercing scales, when the beast’s speed exploded, and it’s wings waved madly, “Ah!” those brushed by the enormous wings were immediately cut into three chunks.

“Its scales’ defenses are too …” a member shouted out loudly, his body instantly slashed into chunks by the sharp and incredibly fast claws, fresh blood flew all over.

“Escape!”

“It’s too strong…”

With a tail length comparable to it’s entire body, the scaled tail fiercely swung, just like a whip suddenly brushing past three members, slicing them open alive! Against over ten Star level 9 warriors would be somewhat troublesome, however against Star level 8 and 7 warriors, for the Golden Horned Beast that had already reached Star level 7, was simply just a massacre!

It’s four claws, were recklessly clawing about!

It’s two wings madly waving, it was just like two overcast clouds engulfing everything!

The most extreme waving and fastest was still the tail!

At this time!

Eighteen Star level 8 warriors were all killed, yes, the Golden Horned Beast purposefully aimed to kill all the Star level 8 warriors.

“Escape!”

“Escape!”

“Quickly escape!” The Star level 7 warriors were all distressed and frantic.

At this time, the Golden Horned Beast’s eyes had a sense of bloodlust and madness, it opened it’s bloody mouth wide, immediately, a formless energy engulfed the space around, completely surrounding the Star level 7 warriors of the Nuolan Shan family’s elite group. The members bodies all gradually shrank and flew into the Golden Horned Beast’s mouth.

The closer they got to its mouth, the smaller they got.

Until the point where they couldn’t get any smaller, they vanished into the black hole within the Golden Horned Beast’s mouth.

One of its three natural abilities, swallowing!

The swallowing technique, was a natural ability that was for training, it was for swallowing large amounts of metal into the internal world, it however had it’s own attacking properties, anything weaker than itself, it could instantly swallow and kill.

“Burp!” The Golden Horned Beast seemed like it hiccupped, looking at the over ten beams of light swiftly flying over, it immediately rushed straight back into the ocean, leaving only a mist of blood where it had killed in the surrounding.


Chapter 313: The Power of the Golden Horned Beast

“Swallowing beast.”

“Haha, a living swallowing beast.”

Tuo Lei Wu, Aheman, Abuluote, the three captains were shouting out in excitement, the other members were also extremely excited. They were very clear on the rules of the Nuolan Shan family, the bigger the amount of work put in, naturally the bigger the reward! If they were to capture a the Swallowing Beast alive, the reward would definitely be shocking.

How could they not be excited?

“That’s not right.” Tuo Lei Wu suddenly stopped.

“Aheman, Abuluote, bring your men and chase the Swallowing Beast, I’ll come over in a bit.” Tuo Lei Wu ordered.

“Relax.”

Aheman and Abuluote both brought the others and swiftly vanished into the distant boundaries of the sky, Tuo Lei Wu floated in mid air, his consciousness immediately entering the virtual universe network, sending a message to his superior… “Lord Pula, the Golden Horned Beast isn’t dead. It’s still alive! And it’s resurfaced on Earth! This is the footage taken from the other members!” Simultaneously, he sent the footage along.

After which, Tuo Lei Wu immediately left the Virtual Universe Network.

“Plop!”

Just as Tuo Lei Wu’s body plunged into the ocean, creating waves that burst from the surface. As his physical body was in an unconsciousness state, it naturally fell straight into the ocean.

“Ok, I’ve informed the family. Now…” Tuo Lei Wu burst out from the ocean and flew, licking his lips, both eyes gleaming green, “It’s time for me to work!”

“Capturing the Golden Horned Beast alive, hahahaha…”

Tuo Lei Wu became a beam of light and travelled at shocking speed, breaking through the air and chasing the others.

At that time, Tuo Lei Wu saw, in front of him in mid air was a group of Nuolan Shan guards dressed in battle uniforms, appearances different from each all floating.

“What’s the matter?” Tuo Lei Wu raged, “Why aren’t you chasing it?”

“Captain.”

Aheman and Abuluote turned to look over, “The Swallowing Beast in underwater, we can’t even see it with our eyes, however, captain, don’t you think this place reeks of blood?”

“Reeks of blood?” Tuo Lei Wu sniffed.

Star level 9 warriors, be it listening, or olfactory senses, they were all much more adept than ordinary people. Carefully sniffing, he could smell in the surrounding air the strong smell of blood.

“We tried contacting the other members, none of them answered.”

“No answer at all.”

“All the Star level 8 and 7 warriors, they were all the same.”

Aheman and Abuluote were very solemn. This caused Tuo Lei Wu to be taken aback, none of the other groups were responding at all? This, this was too crazy. One had to know that the two groups were only separated for a few minutes and within that short time, forty four members had all perished? Tuo Lei Wu questioned himself, even though he was top 10 within the 8000 strong Nuolan Shan guards, to kill all 44 members, although possible, would still require sufficient time.

“This Swallowing Beast is that powerful?” Tuo Lei Wu creased his eyebrows, lowering his head to survey the surface of the ocean.

With his vision and sight…

He could indeed see a black shadow at the bottom of the sea bed!

“Di.” Tuo Lei Wu’s AI computer on his arm rang, “Do a long distance scan.”

“Master, the space beast below is at the Star level 7.”

“Seven?”

Beside, a group of Nuolan Shan guards in mid air glanced at each other, discussing in hushed voices.

About 2000m below the surface.

Almost like an enormous mountain, the golden horned beast lay on the sea bed, it’s body length was over 700m, it’s scaled tail length was close to its body’s length.

That’s right!

Star level 7!

Back when Luo Feng first left earth to head to Dragon Star, the Golden Horned Beast at the time was only a Star level 4! According to the Golden Horned Beast’s regular training…

The first three Star levels added together was completed in a year and a half.

The Star level 4, 5 and 6, breaking through each level would require two years.

Star level 7, 8, and 9, every level would require twelve years.

For the Star level to break through to the Universe level 1, it would actually require over fifty years.

Back when Luo Feng sold the arc cutter blade, and later spending up to a billion Black Dragon dollars to buy large amounts of metal groupings, his evolution efficiency rose to 51 times. After that time, Luo Feng remained on Earth and trained even more, when the universe explorers came. Three months later, the family fleet came, and later left due to the empire laws, secretly leaving an elite group of members to work as space pirates and conduct their search.

Another six or seven days later, Luo Feng began his battle with the remaining elite group!

This meant to say!

Luo Feng’s metal groupings that rose his evolution efficiency by 51 times had been in effect for about four and a half months!

Four and a half months, 51 times normal evolution speed, faster than the regular evolution by 19 years!

The Star levels 4 to 6, required four years! Levels 6 to 7 required twelve years! Hence…the Golden Horned Beast currently indeed had the power of a Star level 7. If it were another two or three months later, the Golden Horned Beast’s body would have been a Star level 8.

Star level 7 Golden Horned Beast!

Just how strong was it?

One had to know, those that receive special training and instructions, elites that possessed powerful spirit weapons, would be able to battle enemies two to three levels above! Just like how Luo Feng was easily able to overpower three to four levels above him, the main reason of course was that the warriors of Earth didn’t have a system for training, and no good weapons. To be bullied by Luo Feng wouldn’t be strange at all.

In the vast universe.

Large amounts of power nurturing the elites, overpowering two to three levels above, that was a very normal thing!

And the Golden Horned Beast?

If it was the same grade and level, the Golden Horned Beast could be deemed invincible! Only an extremely small percentage or chance might appear, that someone of the same grade and level would be able to win over the absolute genius of the Golden Horned Beast. That would be an absolute monster of an existence!

Back when the Golden Horned Beast was only at Star level 1.

Hong and Thunder God, who were both deemed invincible among the star travellers and had their own domains! When they first began their soul immolation, they actually couldn’t even break through the Golden Horned Beast’s scales. It was only finally after Hong, who had reached Domain level 2, released his strongest technique before he managed to break through! It wasn’t that Star level 1 warriors were that powerful, it was the Golden Horned Beast itself that was insanely strong!

Back when Luo Feng began his soul immolation, using the secret technique of the Yun Mo Planet, heavily wounding the Golden Horned Beast with his attack…

He still had no way of breaking through the Golden Horned Beast’s soul defenses.

It was only because of the soul imprint his teacher left within him immolated and became his attack that finally led to him breaking through the Golden Horned Beast! The reason why it was so difficult back then was simply because the Golden Horned Beast was insanely powerful!

Human geniuses from the universe, there exist Star level 7 warriors who could kill Star level 9 warriors in a one on one fight.

A Star level 7 Golden Horned Beast?

Against the Star level 7 humans, 99.99% of them could instantly be swallowed with the natural ability and killed. It was too simple, against Star level 8 humans…it was still a complete massacre with strength! When against Star level 9 humans, it would still hold the advantage, able to kill one or two of them. However against a group of human Star level 9 warriors…

It was indeed still troubling!

The main important thing was, within this group of human Star level 9 warriors, there were extremely strong warriors.

Like Tuo Lei Wu, he alone was able to battle up to ten normal Star level 9 warriors! Same grade and level, their battle abilities were still vastly different.

Hence…

The Golden Horned Beast submerged itself in the ocean, in there, its power wasn’t affected. However, the Nuolan Shan guards would be affected greatly.

In the air above the ocean.

“Listen to my orders.”

“Three little teams, will attack simultaneously from three directions! I don’t believe that a Star level 7 Swallowing Beast, against fifteen of us Nuolan Shan guards will be able to win!” Tuo Lei Wu’s greenish eyes looked savage.

“Capture the Swallowing Beast alive.” Aheman roared.

“Yes, capture it alive.” Abuluote shouted too.

“Attack!”

Tuo Lei Wu’s booming voice resounded.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Three little teams became like long-chained beams of light, plunging straight into the ocean.

……

With a 2000m distance, against this level of battle plan, it was indeed a joke!

“Howl…”

The Golden Horned Beast which was like a mountain let out a cry of happiness, lifting its head, a huge pair of eyes looking at the three beams of light heading down towards the seabed from above.

“Rumble!!!”

It’s huge tail was like an enormous python, piercing through the ocean and immediately sweeping at one of the group of elites. “Attack!!!” This group of elite’s leader Aheman roared out, at the time, ordinary weapon after weapon was brandished, they were extremely glaring, directed straight towards the tail which was sweeping towards them. The weapon Aheman was using was only a level 1 normal energy weapon.

Yes!

The Nuolan Shan guards were all fitted with energy weapons (and armor), spirit weapons (and armor). However according to their battle strength, normal Nuolan Shan guards used only ordinary energy weapons that were very cheap. The more powerful ones, like Aheman, Abuluote, used level 1 energy weapons, they were extremely effective in adding to one’s power.

And as for Tuo Lei Wu this sort of absolute elite, he was allocated with the optimum level 2 energy spirit weapon capable of allowing him to use his power to its maximum.

“Rumble…”

The scaled tail swept past fiercely, smashing into two of the energy weapons, breaking them before they vanished.

“My hands have gone numb.”

“It’s definitely energetic.” Aheman shouted proudly.

And the man behind all the planning and attack, Tuo Lei Wu couldn’t help but smile as he saw the situation, against an enemy two levels below him, even though it was the renowned Golden Horned Beast, they had teams of five all attacking together! If even this didn’t allow them to gain the upper hand, then it would be too insane.

“Surround and attack!” Tuo Lei Wu ordered.

“Yes.” Aheman roared excitedly.

“Kill.” Abuluote’s eyes gleamed.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Chaos erupted within the blink of an eye, the three groups of Nuolan guards were madly surrounding the Golden Horned Beast and attacking, the Golden Horned Beast was indeed powerful, however under the well coordinated attacks of carefully and well trained from the Nuolan Shan family heirs personally, the fifteen Nuolan Shan guards made the Golden Horned Beast do nothing but put up a struggle. It was completely disadvantaged.

“Howl…”A loud mad voice roared.

The golden engravings on the golden horned beast’s black horns began to glow, incredibly glaring, and after, following the flow of the golden light, flowing through the golden engravings into its four claws, tail and wings.

One of the three great natural abilities, strengthening!

“This bastard is playing with his life now.” Aheman shouted.

“Don’t kill it, we need to capture it alive.” Tuo Lei Wu shouted.

“Rumble…”

Its enormous claws fiercely stomped, Abuluote and his group of members madly brandished their weapons, “Rumble…” with that, the Golden Horned Beast violently trampled on three energy weapons, the Golden Horned Beast’s enormous body that was like a mountain staggered, and Abuluote’s team of five immediately separated after the attack, amongst them two members shouted out in pain and spit out fresh blood.

“It’s become so strong suddenly?”

“It’s too sick.”

Aheman and Abuluote stared wide eyed, two levels below them, and it could actually fend off five human warriors?


Chapter 314: The Golden Horned Beast’s Ultimate Move

“Rumble, rumble…”

It’s increase in power was obvious after its strengthening, every claw and step it took, every swing of it’s tail, every wave of its wings was much stronger than before. The three little teams didn’t have the same initial feeling of playing a game anymore, rather, they started to feel exhaustion, both sides were stuck in a deadlock, evenly matched.

“Captain!” Aheman and Ahbuluote shouted, every word they shouted, they relied on raw energy to transmit.

The theory behind using raw energy (Basic energy) to transmit sound was very simple.

It was similar to putting the raw energy into the telephone lines communications, allowing the sound to swiftly travel to its desired location. This was a universe warrior’s commonly used trick. As for those with spirit energy, raw energy spirit readers, fighters, they all had their own unique ways and tricks, transmitting sound with raw energy was just one of them.

“Begin!”

Tuo Lei Wu’s eyes were filled with excitement, the pure and powerful energy of a Star level flowed throughout his entire body, even through his hands and into that battle axe.

“Understood!” Aheman and Ahbuluote too were getting excited.

Yes!

They begun their ultimate technique!

It was extremely difficult for all fifteen of the Nuolan Shan guards to fully coordinate and do a powerful combined attack. However, just the three Tuo Lei Wu, Aheman and Ahbuluote could work together to produce the best result, unleashing the strongest attack. And with Ahbuluote and Aheman’s assistance, Tuo Lei Wu as the blade, they could unleash a devastating attack.

“Rumble! Rumble Rumble!”

Three glaring beams of light combined into one, after, an even more glaring blurred image of a golden battle axe was slashing towards the Golden Horned Beast.

“Howl…”

The Golden Horned Beast didn’t evade at all, using its powerful sharp claws that were almost like pillars of the skies to trample hard! Tuo Lei Wu and the other two seemed to not care about attacking anywhere else, maybe they were worried about killing the Golden Horned Beast, hence they chose…to meet force with force! The golden battle axe against the claws clashed together!

“Howl…”An enraged cry of pain resounded.

Fresh blood splattered, the scales on the claws had been slashed through, a large wound had appeared below the meat of the claws, almost as through the claw itself was slashed into two.

“That bastard’s scale defense is incredibly strong.”

“Let’s do it a few more times.”

“We’ll damage him enough before capturing him alive.”

“Haha, let’s do it.”

Tuo Lei Wu and the other captains were very excited, the twelve other Nuolan Shan guards further away were standing back watching the show. And the injured Golden Horned Beast’s eyes flickered with a chill, its mouth opened once again, an object wrapped in an energy bubble flew out…that was…a knife blade from a damaged weapon?

No, it was Luo Feng’s strongest weapon…the hybrid copper essence shard!

Under the effects of the natural ability of strengthening, with the power of the mysterious golden engravings amplifying its powers, whether it was speed or others etc, even its attacks with its soul had been greatly elevated. The strengthened Golden Horned Beast coupled with the hybrid copper essence shard, just how powerful was it?

Xiu xiu xiu xiu…

The revolving hybrid copper essence danced around, just like a beam of light, in a flash, it swept past Tuo Lei Wu and the other two captains.

“That is…”

Tuo Lei Wu’s eyes stared hard and wide, that blurry beam of light had already reached right before him, his hard and solid helmet was immediately sliced open, following that, the two captains beside also had their heads sliced open, perishing immediately.

They were dead!

The three captains died in one move!

This scene caused the distant twelve other Nuolan Shan guards to be completely shocked.

“My god!”

“That’s impossible!”

“Quickly retreat!!!” One of the Nuolan Shan guards turned to escape, the others were shaken back to reality, without hesitation, they chose to disperse and escape.

Xiu xiu xiu xiu…

A blurry blood red beam of light, moving at its peak speed. It was much faster than the Nuolan Shan guards’ speeds, bending in an arc beam of light, just like a Tanghulu (Chinese candy on a stick), piercing through the heads of the Nuolan Shan guards one by one. Less than 0.001 seconds had passed and the twelve Nuolan guards’ heads were all pierced through, completely and utterly dead.

The enormous mountain like Golden Horned Beast’s eyes were ice cold, sweeping its gaze past each and every body, the meat under its claws were already rapidly regenerating, swiftly recovering.

Hu!

The Golden Horned Beast vanished.

A black haired man dressed in a blood red battle uniform appeared in mid air, as the Golden Horned Beast’s enormous body had suddenly vanished, the surrounding large amounts of sea water began to madly rush back to fill the space.

“I would say the experiment could be considered a success.”

“The Golden Horned Beast’s power, I finally have a good grasp of it within my mind.”

“Hm, under the effects of the strengthening coupled with the strongest weapon, the hybrid copper essence shard, it’s indeed absurdly strong.” Luo Feng thought about the many scenarios and ideas, before ordering with his mind, “Babata, when we return, let’s camouflage and cover up the hybrid copper essence, make it unrecognizable as a hybrid copper essence.”

After finishing his order.

Luo Feng, who was still deep underwater, gazed around at the surrounding bodies of the Nuolan Shan guards, his lips curling into a slight smile. Before the battle had even begun, the outcome had already been decided!

Within the virtual universe.

Pula was excitedly and respectfully standing in front of a screen, on it, were the Nuolan Shan family’s three original heads. The head ancestor Nuolan Shan, who was dressed in a dark green battle uniform, had flame of excitement within his eyes, “It’s alive? That Golden Horned Beast infant is actually alive? You are sure?”

“Yes, I am sure. This is the footage that Tuo Lei Wu and his party just sent, please take a look Head Ancestor.” Pula replied loudly.

The footage was played.

“Hm?”

Nuolan Shan and the other two heads stared hard.

“Yes, it’s the Golden Horned Beast, two horns? Looking at the length of the horns, it should be about Star level 7.” Nuolan Shan nodded, “A Star level 7 Golden Horned Beast, fifteen Nuolan Shan guards combining forces should definitely have the advantage!”

“Head Ancestor.” Yuke and Dewen, the other 2 heads, looked at the Head Ancestor, Dewen couldn’t help but say, “Do the Nuolan Shan guards have a chance of capturing it alive?”

“There’s hope.”

Nuolan Shan nodded, taking a deep breath, with loads of pressure, he was still feeling extreme excitement.

My God!

This was the Golden Horned Beast, the elite bloodline in the universe, it’s numbers were even smaller than the Undying Beings. One Golden Horned Beast infant, even the Undying Beings would fight for it! He, Nuolan Shan, a Universe level 9, was considered quite a prominent person in the universe, he actually had hopes of acquiring a Golden Horned Beast infant?

It…it was too unbelievable.

“Oh! If we do manage to get the Golden Horned Beast, with my Battle-axe warrior title, I can sell the infant through the Battle-axe Colosseum, getting unbelievable rewards Nuolan Shan had already thought of how to deal with the Golden Horned Beast infant, to ordinary people, this sort of treasure would only bring about harm to oneself.

Even a Universe level warrior would have difficulty handling the Golden Horned Beast infant.

But Nuolan Shan had his own safe methods!

“Immediately contact all the members on Earth.”

“I would like to personally question them.” Nuolan Shan said.

Pula immediately began to contact the sixty members on Earth.

Dida! Dida!

“Why isn’t anyone answering?”

“Even if they were engaged in battle with the Golden Horned Beast, the Star level 7 and 8 members shouldn’t actually need to participate right?”

“Silence.” The head ancestor Nuolan Shan snorted softly.

Seconds passed, the three heads and Pula were all anxiously waiting, 5 minutes, 10 minutes, 15 minutes…the expression on the head ancestor’s face, gradually changed from holding back his excitement, to creasing his eyebrows, and later grew uglier as time passed, it became ashen later on and finally expressionless, his eyes looked ready to devour anybody.

“Don’t bother, they are dead, they are all dead.” Nuolan Shan said.

The other two heads and Pula’s expressions were extremely ugly.

Yes.

They understood, those people were all dead.

Pula’s call request would never be ignored by those people, they wouldn’t dare to not answer. Secondly, even if they were engaged in capturing the Golden Horned Beast alive, the Star level 7 and 8 members didn’t need to participate in the battle at all, and they weren’t even answering…this meant to say that the Star level 7 and 8 members were all dead. As for the group of Star level 9 Nuolan guards, even if they were engaged in battle, the battle between the strong usually was extremely short.

Such a long time had passed without anyone answering, obviously…

They were all dead!

The plan they had this time, had failed!

Within the vast Black Dragon Mountain star field, amongst the over 500 countries, there was one elite…the Kalo Empire, this empire had a territory of twenty six galaxies, one had to know, many smaller and weaker universe low level empires only had two galaxies! The Silverblue Empire was one of the bigger and stronger ones.

Within the Kalo Empire, there was a well renowned planet, the Ice Mist Star.

The Ice Mist Star was the old nest of the Nuolan Shan family. Over 3000 Noulan guards gathered there, along with 30,000 Ice Mist guards, the requirements to being accepted into the Ice Mist guards was…one had to reach the Star level! Meaning to say, the entire planet had tens of thousands of star level warriors.

This level of power, was simply terrifying.

The Kalo Empire’s third family!

To be deemed as the third strongest, it wasn’t just based on Nuolan Shan alone, no matter how powerful Nuolan Shan was, he after all was just one person. One had to rely on the large armies under him! To be directly above over one thousand life planets, using Star levels from his army, within the surrounding tens of thousands of life planets, the Nuolan Shan family’s power was the strongest within that galaxy!

“Huhu…”

The cold wind howled.

Ice Mist Star was well known for its cold climate, within the extreme north regions where it was uninhabited and desolate, there was a black mountain, its temperature here was even colder and shocking than the rest of the planet.

“Sou! Sou!”

Two human silhouettes pierced through the sky and headed towards the black mountain, one of the two had pointy ears, he was a member of the Nuolan Shan family. The other was dressed in a black robe, vaguely on his forehead was a fine curved little horn. The two flew directly into one of the caves within the black mountain.

Deep in the cave.

Dressed in a dark green battle uniform, a man whose entire body emanated a chilly air sat crossed legged quietly on a black stone.

“Head Ancestor.”

“Teacher.”

The two bowed respectfully.

“Dewen, Baikalo.” The man sitting crossed legged quietly opened his eyes, gazing at the two, his gaze had a sense of gentleness, “You two know the situation, your target is Earth! The first target is that automaton ship. As for the Golden Horned Beast infant…let’s leave it to luck.”

“Head Ancestor, we still have some hope to capture that infant beast.” Dewen said.

“No.”

The Head Ancestor Nuolan Shan shook his head slightly, “The Golden Horned Beast’s intellect is extremely high, it’s very crafty and after experiencing danger, there’s a very high percentage chance that it’ll leave Earth! It roams the universe, and you two will take at least two years to reach Earth. Without a target, how will you find it?” How will you find a target within the universe?

The two went silent.

“Go on!”

“Bring the automaton ship back, as for the Golden Horned Beast, let’s leave it to luck.” The Head Ancestor Nuolan Shan said.

“Yes, Head Ancestor (Teacher)!”

The two universe level warriors complied respectfully.

Within the virtual universe, in a corner of a noisy bar, Luo Feng sat with his eyes closed.

“Luo Feng, I’ve already made the order. I’ve ordered a large batch of items with regards to planet security and defenses, defensive satellites etc, when the time comes, the entire solar system area will become an extremely secure and tight security system! If those universe ships ever appear within the solar system, we’d definitely discover them immediately.”

Hearing those words from Babata, Luo Feng was satisfied.

The crisis this time was finally averted, from Xu Xin and the others being held hostage, he knew that this batch of people had an initial number of eighty and four captains. One of the teams had left and headed towards the coordinates within the universe as Luo Feng had suggested, the other three groups were killed by Luo Feng. As for the remaining one team, Luo Feng didn’t think of them as a threat, however…he didn’t dare be careless!

Earth had already suffered enough for its inferior technology.

Hence, Luo Feng wanted to buy an entire set of planet defense systems! These sort of things were extremely expensive, normal planets within the universe usually only installed low grade planet defense systems, while Luo Feng picked the highest grade.

It was to be installed over the entire solar system!

The entire solar system would be under surveillance! This was something akin to what the black dragon mountain empire would do, those ship camouflaging systems etc, wouldn’t even be able to hide themselves and would be totally visible.

“Also, I would like to install several security surveillance systems around that wormhole, the moment a ship flies through the wormhole, I would like to know as quickly as possible.” Luo Feng said, “The Nuolan Shan family probably wouldn’t give up.”

“Relax, I’ve thought about it long ago.” Babata shouted.

Everything was adequately prepared.

Earth was already out of trouble but it was still unsafe, when the planet defense systems were ready, that was when Luo Feng could relax a little. As for the Nuolan Shan family, even if they really sent anybody else, it would still be 2 years 8 months before they arrived.

“Third brother.”

“Third brother.”

Hong and Thunder God entered the bar, walking immediately towards Luo Feng. Before, the two had already been informed by Luo Feng, they knew of the crisis being averted and the meeting time and place Luo Feng had arranged.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked up and got a shock, his two big brothers felt somewhat different from before.

“Where have you two gone? You feel somewhat different from before.” Luo Feng was suspicious.

“Haha, I’ve said it, third brother is very sensitive, he would definitely be aware of it.” Thunder God laughed.

“I even thought that my feeling was wrong.” Luo Feng looked curiously at the two.

“Right, we went to a very special place.” Hong laughed too.

“What place?” Luo Feng was curious.

Hong and Thunder God glanced at each other.

“Stop keeping me in suspense.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but urge.

Hong smiled, saying one syllable at a time: “Kill…ing…..Fields!”

Luo Feng creased his eyebrows suspiciously, muttering to himself: “The Killing Fields?”


Chapter 315: Man Luo

“The killing fields, just what kind of place is it?” Luo Feng asked.

“It’s a good place.” Thunder God purposely acted all mysterious.

“After visiting just once, you’d be hooked on it.” Hong also chimed in, not revealing any details.

A clear crisp voice sounded, “The killing fields, is a special training ground for fighters and spirit readers. In there, whatever opponent you wish to face, they can make it possible. Group fights? One vs one? Battling against a Sector Lord? The killing fields can fulfill your every whim, of course the daily usage fee is extremely high.”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God turned their heads, the one who spoke was Babata, who was on Luo Feng’s shoulder.

“Luo Feng.”

The voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind, “the killing fields is also within my plan for your training. I actually wanted to tell you about it the moment you acquired your teacher’s bank account. However, you got so caught up in dealing with the Nuolan Shan family fleet and didn’t have any time to actually visit the killing fields. Go now, it’s a pretty good spot.”

To be complemented by Babata as pretty good?

“Let’s go, we’ll go take a look now.” Luo Feng couldn’t resist anymore.

“I just knew third brother wouldn’t be able to wait any longer.” Thunder God lifted his drink and gulped it down, the three settled the bill and immediately left the bar.

The Black Dragon Mountain Island within the virtual universe was extremely vast, hence, the island’s internal department had set up transport pathways for travel, according to the distance required, one had to pay different amounts. Travel within the island itself wasn’t expensive, however if one wanted to travel from the Black Dragon Mountain Island to the Ganwu Empire, the price was shocking.

Black dragon mountain island, killing fields.

“Wow!”

Almost like an overflowing sea of blood, the backgrounds one drop of blood was the most eye catching; the entire hall was engulfed within this background. The hall was vast, stretching beyond what one could see with one look. The people within the hall seemed sparse, however that was only because the hall itself was similar in size to that of a city, hence, the total number of people within should still have been in the tens of thousands.

“In the killing fields, the fees are expensive, for someone like me, one day would require 1 million Black Dragon dollars, or 700 Ganwu dollars.” Hong said softly.

“That expensive?” Luo Feng was shocked.

For an ordinary planet like Bailan Star, the wealthiest person usually only has about 100 million Black Dragon dollars. That meant to say that these planet’s wealthiest didn’t have the funds to allow their own children to train in the killing fields. Afterall 100 million Black Dragon dollars was only sufficient for 100 days of use. It wasn’t surprising that there wasn’t a large number of people in here.

“3rd brother, you are a star level 1, the price is even higher.” Hong said softly.

“Right, and spirit readers are even more expensive than fighters.” Thunder god said beside, “I require 2 million black dragon dollars a day, you as a spirit reader, I’ve checked, would require 5 million black dragon dollars, or 3500 Ganwu dollars.”

“That’s too crazy.” Luo Feng was completely stunned.

“Also, the higher up to rise, the stronger you get, the price per day would also get increasingly shocking.” Thunder God said softly. “If a Sector Lord warrior came in here, the amount of money require per day, I believe to us would be a heavenly figure.”

“The prices are high? What a joke, it’s absolutely not high!” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind, “To be able to give you any form of enemy, even to the point where space techniques, spirit weapons, etc are all within your grasp, where can you find such an environment ever? This place, was made especially for the universe families, sects, groups and empires’ powers to train their elites, it’s a really good training place.

Luo Feng slightly nodded his head.

“Go link up your bank account.” Thunder God said, “That way, the fees can be deducted straight from your bank account.”

“Understood, where do I go to do that?” Luo Feng asked.

“Follow me.”

Under the guidance of Hong and Thunder God, Luo Feng went to the front desk to handle the linking up of his account.

……

At the edge of the hall, there were many pathways.

“Every path that you take will bring you directly into your own personal killing fields space.” Thunder god said softly, “Whatever enemy you wish to customize, go ahead and do it.”

“From here, we cannot follow you anymore.” Hong laughed.

Luo Feng nodded.

During the time of their conversation, Luo Feng had seen many people follow the pathways deep within, amongst them were many Universe Mercenaries, Luo Feng had even spotted one Universe two star mercenary. This was indeed a rare spotting on a place like Black Dragon Mountain Island, however here in the killing fields, it seemed a frequent occurrence.

“Also, have you seen, that old man over there?” Thunder God said softly.

“Hm?” Luo Feng turned to look.

There was indeed a green skinned, head riddled with wrinkles old man, he was squinting his eyes sitting on a chair, relaxed and comfortable. Beside him were a few other people resting but no one actually dared to disturb that man. From an Earth human’s point of view, this man’s appearance was an eyesore, however he had a mysterious feeling that soothed and calmed others.

“He’s called Man Luo, The man in charge of the killing fields on Black Dragon Mountain Island division.” Thunder God said softly, “we got to watch a good show before, this old man was lashing out and lecturing two universe mercenaries, and the two mercenaries didn’t even dare to rebut him.”

“Hm?”

Luo Feng was shocked.

In the virtual universe, even if you were an Undying Being, you couldn’t kill anyone in the virtual universe! After all, this was a network! Hence…even if you were a prominent figure, people who respected you would give you face. If they didn’t respect you, they couldn’t care less! To be able to leave the two universe mercenaries speechless and afraid to rebut, was indeed strange.

“Hehe.” The green skinned old man in the distance looked over towards Luo Feng and his party, laughing..

“Damn.”

Luo Feng and the other two were shocked.

“He heard it?”

“Forget it, hurry in to the killing fields space.” Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God followed different pathways and entered deep within.

As he walked, the space around him changed greatly suddenly.

This was the vast and spacious skies.

Luo Feng was standing on a stone, a golden book appeared within his hands, the book seemed to be made of metal, flipping a page from the book, Luo Feng understood immediately.

“This is the space of the killing fields?”

“Babata, send out a request, I would like one thousand Star Traveller level 9 warriors as my opponents.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with a flash of red, licking his lips, “I’ve held back for too long! Time to vent it out a little!” After the possession, Luo Feng has been having pangs of bloodthirst and killing intent, egging at his soul for a long time.

Luo Feng had been resisting all this time.

“No problem!”

“Luo Feng, I’ve set the battlegrounds as the desert, one thousand opponents using normal energy weapons, what you’ve chosen is a level 3 weapon the Soaring Shuttle and a level 2 battle uniform set.” Babata said, “I’ve sent the request.” As long as it was a weapon within the universe, 99.99% of the time, the killing fields would be able to provide it.

Rumble…

The killing fields space began to transform, the initial skies disappeared, the surroundings morphed into a vast desert, Luo Feng stood on the sand, dressed in a blood red battle uniform, before him floated the Soaring Shuttle. At the same time in the distant skies, blurry silhouettes of fighters dressed in white battle uniforms welding different weapons appeared.

“Kill!”

“Kill him!” The majestic fighter army shouted, all them glared and rushed towards Luo Feng.

Luo Feng revealed a smile from within.

Huhuhu…

The Soaring Shuttle immediately separated into thirty knife blades, very thin little knife blades, these thirty blades distanced themselves a little and naturally began to form a swordfish structure, at the same time, every one of the blades were glowing with a golden thread, this thread weaved through every single blade, forming an extremely lifelike swordfish.

The Soaring Shuttle’s second form, the swordfish formation! “Rumble…” the one thousand strong fighter army rushed in, almost like a dark cloud enveloping pressure, pressing towards Luo Feng.

Sou!

Luo Feng rushed into the sky, heading straight towards the entire group of fighters.

“Ah!”

“Pu!”

Wherever that golden swordfish went, there would be a rain of blood. Yet, the huge fighter army seemed not to care at all about their losses, madly surrounding Luo Feng and attacking. Minutes and seconds passed, none of the fighters retreated, until the last fighter had been pierced into a rain of blood, falling from the sky did the battle end.

Drenched in fresh blood , Luo Feng stood on the desert ground, letting out a huge sigh of relief, “That’s much better.”

“Everyday you hold back all that killing intent, as time passes, your inner self and heart will find it harder and harder to resist. Until finally, your entire being will simply go crazy. The entire killing spree you just went on, allowed you to vent it out. I’d be surprised if you didn’t feel better!”

“Babata, this is a side effect of the possession?” Luo Feng was helpless.

Before the possession, Luo Feng was already able to kill without hesitation, however, it wasn’t as bad…inevitably, there was a sense of bloodthirst and slaughtering impulse within! This level of bloodthirst was entirely deep within his bones. Every Golden Horned Beast was known for its brutality and savagery. Luo Feng’s human soul could only forcibly suppress, and not disperse, the killing intent. “You are complaining after getting a bargain!” Babata said with disdain.

“Haha.”

Luo Feng looked at his own body, “If you didn’t set this level 2 battle uniform set for me, I’m afraid I’d be dead now.”

For one thousand Star Traveller level 9 opponents to kill one Star level 1 was actually very simple. Even though Luo Feng’s consciousness was very strong, his spirit weapon’s power and usage was shocking, however he would still receive several huge blows, he had to rely on the battle uniform to lessen more than half the impact and damage.

Suppressing years of bloodthirst and killing intent, releasing and venting it all out now.

The first time, madly massacring one thousand Star Traveller level 9 fighters.

The second time, he fought against ten Star level 1 fighters, finally killing eight of them and dying from his own severe wounds!

The third time, Luo Feng directly made Thunder God as his opponent, a Star level 1 with a one layer domain, using a level 2 energy weapon, level 2 battle armor…the result, Luo Feng was actually killed by Thunder God. Luo Feng knew from this that the only reason he was stronger than Thunder God before was because of his spirit weapon. Giving Thunder God a level 2 energy weapon resulted in his own loss.

The fourth time, Luo Feng put Hong as his opponent…

A total of ninety eight battles, after that, Luo Feng felt a sense of extreme exhaustion, at the same time, a total sense of exhilaration. It felt good!

He had never experienced such exhilaration in battles all his life, being able to choose his opponents and customize their strengths.

“Are you tired now?”

Babata looked at Luo Feng who was lying on the sand, “Luo Feng, since you’ve completed your battles, I’ll tell you the most important usage of the killing fields. This place’s usage fee is extremely high, just one day requires 3500 Ganwu dollars, a Universe level 1 spirit reader would require 350,000 Ganwu dollars. A Domain Lord level 1 would require 35 million Ganwu dollars and a Sector Lord level 1 spirit reader would require 3.5 billion Ganwu dollars. Do you know why it’s so expensive? Why even at this price Sector Lords still come?”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Sector Lords….

Joining a powerful empire, able to receive an entire starfield as his territory, able to construct a world of his own. 3.5 billion Ganwu dollars would definitely be affordable, but no one was an idiot. the killing fields definitely had to have a matching reward for it to be able to attract them.

“You, and even Hong and Thunder God, still don’t know the most important aspect of the killing fields.” Babata said proudly as he raised his head.


Chapter 316: The Real Use of The Killing Fields

“What important aspect?” Luo Feng asked anxiously.

“Everybody knows the first part, that’s to be able to choose whatever opponent you want to engage in battle. The second aspect, is more important.” Babata’s little face revealed a proud smile, “You’ve seen from that metal book before, you know that you can customize your own opponent right?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“The second aspect is, you can customize an opponent’s basic qualities, spirit reading level, consciousness, techniques, weapons, etc, to be exactly the same as you! The only difference is that…the opponent’s experience is incomparably more vast, extremely more adept at battle.” Babata said, “Do you understand what I mean?”

Luo Feng was shocked, immediately going mad with excitement!

Right!

If the opponent was himself with greater experience and more adept at battling, such an opponent would be a great help to his own battle techniques and experience. Afterall, he could customize his opponent’s body, consciousness and spirit reading level, etc to be exactly the same.

“Through this method, you can swiftly absorb experience.” Babata said.

“Of course, these two aspects still aren’t the most important.” Babata laughed mischievously.

Luo Feng held his breath.

Just with the two aspects Babata mentioned, Luo Feng was already extremely excited! How could he better himself? How should he actually fight? He could customize his opponent and analyze. This way, he could swiftly improve his battle techniques, an extremely effective usage.

“To the strong within the universe, which one of them isn’t crafty and clever with an abundance in battle experience?”

“Hence, the biggest thing that draws them here is…”

“The killing fields has an effect of a teacher!” Babata emphasized.

“Teacher?”

Luo Feng was shocked.

“Right.” Babata nodded, “Look, Luo Feng, right now your consciousness level, what’s the maximum number of blade pieces you can control?

“36!” Luo Feng said.

The stronger the Golden Horned Beast got, Luo Feng’s consciousness level too naturally grew with it. Right now the Golden Horned Beast was a Star level 7, his consciousness level could control a maximum of thirty six knife blades.

“According to the Soaring Shuttle’s three ultimate forms and nine layers, with an amplitude of thirty six, you already have the fifth layer’s power. But why are you still using a swordfish formation composed of 30 blade pieces?” Babata questioned.

“With an amplitude of thirty six, that only means that the requirement was met, to be able to actually unleash the technique was still a very difficult thing to accomplish.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but say, “It’s liveliness, usage methods, movement and propelling, etc, I’ve failed time and again, time and again. It requires a long time before I can truly unleash the power of the Soaring Shuttle. Right now my amplitude level is at thirty six, but I’d still have to grind for a long time before I can unleash the fifth layer’s power.

“Haha…”

“Luo Feng, right now if you customize an opponent to use the Soaring Shuttle too, you can customize him to use the soaring shuttle’s fifth layer!” Babata smiled, revealing two fangs, “That way, wouldn’t you witness it firsthand, how others control and use the Soaring Shuttle?”

Luo Feng’s eyes lit up.

To have someone demonstrate over and over again before him, compared to himself just poring over the books to learn, the difficulty level was completely different.

“Also, you can customize your opponent to have perfect and complete control of the Soaring Shuttle! That way, you’d be able to see…just how to use the Soaring Shuttle, to maximize its potential.” Babata said.

“Perfect and complete control?” Luo Feng was very clear.

The Soaring Shuttle’s first form, ‘Mountain Drill’ didn’t have any special technique, it just shot out in a straight line.

The Swordfish Formation however, was lively and more skillful in every aspect.

The third form, was even more complex.

At this time, the controlling ability was extremely important, in different people’s hands, the amount of power unleashed too would be different. The same Swordfish Formation used, if unleashed perfectly, maybe its power could be raised one to two times more.

“This is a free training session, free teacher.”

“You want to study the Soaring Shuttle, this way, wouldn’t it do?” Babata laughed evilly.

“This is still considered normal and average. Like your teacher, as an Undying! He was well adept in the space control aspect, he could even use space techniques to camouflage a universe coordinate.” Babata explained, “However, to be able to progress further, what could he do? He could totally customize an opponent who knows space techniques, one with space techniques a litte more powerful than himself.”

“That way, he could personally spar again and again with such an opponent.”

“Then in space techniques wise, if one wanted to progress, this would be much easier than training hard blindly.” Babata explained.

Luo Feng had a revelation.

There were many universe origin secret techniques that were deep and profound.

Just watching an opponent unleash it, naturally one wouldn’t be able to learn and master it. However if one naturally had some feel for it, to spar over and over again with an opponent who knows and uses it, one would naturally be able to grasp it easier.

“Free training, free teacher.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but compliment, immediately staring hard, “That’s not right, the cost of this place is still extremely high.”

“The cost is high? Wait till you become a Sector Lord! Or even an Undying, to acquire any form of breakthrough is extremely difficult, the killing fields, these sort of places…to such powerful beings, the quality to price ratio is simply too high! They just have to spend some insignificant cash to receive an opponent they need.” Babata sighed, “You need to know, there are many strong warriors who’ve come to realize that within the universe, when they get stuck at any point, finding an opponent stronger and with more awareness than themselves would make it easy for themselves to trigger inspiration and allow them to breakthrough!”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but nod.

No wonder…

It was no wonder this killing fields dared to price it’s usage so high.

“Babata, how is this killing fields able to virtually simulate perfectly complete secret techniques.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask.

“The killing fields’ owner is the Virtual Universe Network company.” Babata said, “Over countless years, with countless strong warriors from the vast universe sparring and battling in the virtual universe, the scene and footage from every battle will naturally be recorded by the virtual universe. Hence, the database of the virtual universe is extremely large. It has a wide array of secret techniques!”

“Of course, they are all just skills that were used, not training methods.” Babata explained.

Luo Feng nodded.

Indeed, just like the Yun Mo Planet’s technique, even if the virtual universe recorded the scene of him unleashing it, without the training manuals, it was still worthless.

However…

To someone of the same sect training the same techniques, it would have great beneficial properties.

“Babata, help me customize a Golden Horned Beast opponent, a Star level 1 Golden Horned Beast.” Luo Feng shouted.

Luo Feng had fully understood the killing fields’ most important usage, that was to teach himself which direction to take and how to train with the greatest efficiency! This killing fields was the database for the Virtual Universe Network company, and the Virtual Universe Network company, as one of the five Great Leviathans of the universe, was much much stronger than any empire.

The battle scene of a Golden Horned Beast, Luo Feng believed that the virtual universe country would definitely have some reserves!

“Pu!”

“I died again.”

“Again.” Luo Feng stood in mid air, looking at the fully black scaled terrifying Golden Horned Beast, finally understanding its glory and terror.

He himself was a Star level 1! With an amplitude of thirty six, and his spirit weapon was very powerful.

The Golden Horned Beast too was a star level 1!

One side fell!

Of course it was himself!

“Same grade and level, for a human to battle and win against a Golden Horned Beast? That’s simply an impossible task. Even if a person managed to do it, that person would have to be an occasional absolute genius from trillions of galaxies, even having someone stronger than your teacher to mentor and teach.” Babata said, “As for you Luo Feng? Your power is rising too quickly, your control of the soaring shuttle is still too raw, even with ten tries, you’d still be killed.”

Death!

And death again!

Luo Feng was killed time and again by the same grade and level Golden Horned Beast, there was actually another reason, Luo Feng had customized this Golden Horned Beast to be incredibly adept at battle!

“So the Golden Horned Beast is actually that adept at battle!”

“Its wings actually have the feeling of blade technique, the best way to use these scaled wings aren’t to smash directly, but to brush and slice past like a blade, and this movement itself allows so much more flexibility.”

“The tail acts like a whip, the tail is indeed the fastest part of the Golden Horned Beast, I’ve always only used very simple attacks, however this Golden Horned Beast’s tail in this killing fields really mimics a whip, suddenly attacking and vibrating the air, causing the space to explode, it’s power is obviously much greater.”

“It doesn’t use its claws immediately, but the moment it does, it’s power is shocking and earthshaking.”

Luo Feng was trampled and killed immediately by the Golden Horned Beast!

“So it’s that way, that way.” Reviving again, Luo Feng felt an extreme sense of excitement, “I know now how to train the Golden Horned Beast in the future.

Even with good natural talents, it didn’t mean that every Golden Horned Beast was at the same level of strength.

One had to know that with generation after generation of Golden Horned Beast, the technique, many die after achieving the first level, while the others were mostly stuck at level 2, however in history there were some who actually managed to train till they reached level 3! What did this mean? It meant that even among the same powerful bloodline, there were differences in their battle abilities.

Luo Feng thought about it, he wanted to make himself the strongest Golden Horned Beast in history!

In the following days.

Luo Feng first went with Hong and Thunder God to purchase a plot of land within Black Dragon Mountain Island’s 9 star bay, following his intentions to purchase several wooden houses. This would totally allow Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God’s families to be able to live within them. After, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God even sent a large number of consciousness transmitting helmets to Earth.

Luo Feng’s family all loved it there.

His parents enjoyed playing the virtual games, enjoying a perfect and comfortable life within the games. The two children Ping Ping and Little Hai were receiving Babata’s planned training methods, engaging in martial arts training amidst games and fun. The most excited however was undoubtedly his little brother Luo Hua.

“It’s too advanced and magnificent.”

“Earth’s stock market, compared to the universe’s banking and investment system, is like a drop of water in a vast ocean.”

“Over here, is truly a stockbroker’s investment and trading heaven!!!” Luo Hua was incomparably excited, requesting from Luo Feng ten transmitter helmets, all for the sake of having several assistants. Since then, Luo Hua and his assistants stayed within a three storey wooden house, analyzing the finance of the universe countries and began investing.

As for capital?

Luo Feng back then had given Hong and Thunder God 500 million Ganwu dollars, naturally he wouldn’t give his own little brother less, similarly giving 500 million Ganwu dollars.

……

The virtual universe indeed could satisfy all of one’s needs.

Amidst the time spent, Luo Feng came to know from the surveillance system installed around the wormhole that a universe ship had passed through, Luo Feng estimated that it was from the Nuolan Shan family. However…to arrive on Earth would require another 2 years and 8 months. Luo Feng wasn’t rushed or anxious. He was currently engaged in endless joy and fun.

“Third brother, you called me crazy, your big brother is the crazy one. The longest I’ve gone is three days in the killing fields without leaving. Look at your big brother, he actually hasn’t left the killing fields space in eight days consecutively, won’t he ever get tired?”

Thunder God and Luo Feng were currently sitting at a corner of the killing fields hall, ordering some food and beverages.


Chapter 317: Nuolan Shan

Within the hall of the killing fields.

Luo Feng and Thunder God were casually engaged in a conversation, this was also an effective way to relax.

“Luo Feng, Thunder!”

“Haha, what a surprise bumping into you two here.” A clear laughter resounded, a black skinned man as big as a bear, along with a pale skinny red haired youth walked side by side over.

“Buleimu, Heruo, come, sit.” Luo Feng waved and shouted.

As frequent customers training hard within the killing fields, and also frequent visitors of the big hall, chatting away, they naturally met a few similar elites who spent many hours within the killing fields. Everybody was clear, to be able to spend so much time within the killing fields, meant that one either had a lot of money or a lot of background, that their paths would meet again in the future. The more friends they made, the more paths they opened, the future adventures in the universe may require such friends, hence everybody made the effort to make more friends.

Within the short time of a month, Luo Feng had made over thirty friends, the two standing before them were considered the closer ones.

“Hong hasn’t come out?” Buleimu exclaimed loudly.

“He hasn’t come out in 8 days.” Thunder god said.

“That’s crazy.” Heruo couldn’t help but laugh, “Right, let me tell you two something…Buleimu and I won’t be coming to the killing fields for quite a bit.” The sturdy and huge Buleimu beside him nodded.

“What’s wrong?” Luo Feng and Thunder God were shocked.

These two were very similar to them, frequently staying for long periods within the killing fields.

“Buleimu and I have been ordered by our teacher to go and become universe mercenary trainees by attending the mercenary trainee examination.” Heruo said softly, “This universe mercenary trainee examination is much more dangerous than the usual universe explorer missions, I heard the mortality rate and elimination rate is extremely high. If, a month later, neither Buleimu nor I, come to the killing fields, we’d most likely have died from the examinations. I’m telling you today just to let you know that if we disappear, you’d think we left without saying our goodbyes, totally unfriendly, haha…”

“For real?”

Luo Feng and Thunder God were very shocked.

The universe mercenary trainee examination, was it that absurd?

“It is indeed dangerous, however, the Universe levels, the Domain and sector lords, over 99% of them are mercenaries.” Heruo’s gaze was serious, “If I don’t take a gamble, and become some small guard or soldier, constantly at others’ beck and call, I’ll regret it. If I have to be somebody, I’ll go all out, if I want to live well free and easy, I have to risk it all, I have to battle!”

“Yeah.” Buleimu nodded his head seriously.

Luo Feng and Thunder god glanced at each other.

As the two of them were high above everyone within earth, they didn’t have any sort of pressure from others. Unlike Heruo and Buleimu who had such heavy upbringing, the pressure from their living environment was much more than Luo Feng and the others. The heavy upbringing from the huge powers, with them spending large amounts of money and resources etc, if they didn’t get a satisfactory result, the expelled and rejected heirs’ fates definitely aren’t good.

“Heruo, Buleimu, the trainee examinations, are they that dangerous?” Thunder God was suspicious.

The Universe Mercenary Alliance.

The ranks were separated into explorers, trainee mercenaries, 1 star mercenary, 2 star mercenary and 3 star mercenary. Of which, the explorers weren’t required to take any examination, all they had to do was to go sign up and they’d immediately become explorers. The trainee mercenaries were required to take the examination, the 1 star mercenaries too were required…every rank required taking the exams!

The trainee mercenary examination, one could immediately participate after reaching the star level.

The failure and elimination percentage was extremely high.

“It’s very dangerous.” The big and sturdy Buleimu said softly from the side, his voice almost like it reverberated from within his chest out, “The Universe Mercenaries, they are originally a job where one risks his life constantly, hence, as the entrance exam, the trainee mercenary exam aims to eliminate fighters and spirit readers who aren’t fit to be mercenaries.”

“The location of the exam, is and has always been the excavated worlds of Sector Lords.” Buleimu said, “In a Sector Lord’s world, the Universe Mercenary Alliance will construct several difficult and dangerous situations to eliminate a large amount of people. From the elimination process, if you are lucky, you’ll survive, however the mortality rate is still very high.”

“Sector Lord’s world?”

Luo Feng was shocked.

A Domain Lord’s world, Luo Feng had researched and asked Babata about it. Within the universe, a Universe level warrior was already a big shot, and a Domain Lord, was able to unleash his own domain within reality itself! A Domain Lord’s domain, wasn’t anything like Hong’s or Thunder God’s, it was tens of millions of times stronger.

As for a Sector Lord, not just having an internal world, one was able to even create a new world!

Within this world, many things could be customized and built according to the wishes of the sector lord. Hence, many impossible and physics defying situations could be created.

“What are you talking about?” A voice resounded.

Luo Feng and the other three turned to look, it was Hong dressed in a black battle uniform walking over, his entire being seemed to be high-spirited. Luo Feng couldn’t help but to sigh at this sight…Hong was indeed a weird thing, after extreme battle after battle, normal people would be extremely tired and exhausted. Hong, however, never seemed to grow tired.

“I heard you all saying the mortality rate is very high?” Hong pulled a chair and sat.

“We are talking about the universe mercenary trainee exams.” Thunder god said.

“The military instructor is here?” Buleimu said softly.

“Military instructor?” Heruo too looked towards the entrance of the big hall, immediately spotting three human silhouettes walking over. One of which, was their military instructor. Buleimu and Heruo immediately put down their crossed leg, becoming much more serious.

“Military instructor, the Universe level military instructor you all mentioned before, Kunxi?” Thunder God muttered.

“That’s him?” Luo Feng too looked curiously.

Heruo said softly, “It’s the distant bald-headed one dressed in the green battle uniform.” Luckily they were in the virtual universe, where everyone’s power levels were limited to only the low level wargod. Even though one could acquire badges and medals to prove one’s true power in the virtual universe, however only in special circumstances, like the killing fields, could one unleash the same amount of power one has in reality.

And outside these special circumstances, be it the ordinary masses, or an Undying Being, they all had a low level wargod body.

Luckily that Universe level military instructor now currently had a weak and small body, his hearing abilities couldn’t pick up on their conversation. If he had heard the two words ‘bald headed’, he definitely would have fiercely punished his own elite students.

“Bald headed?” Luo Feng looked carefully over.

There were three people walking side by side in the distance, amongst them two were bald, one was in a green battle uniform while the other was in a dark grey battle uniform. As for the third… his ears were pointy, eyes gleaming red…

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s squinted his eyes, “This person’s appearance is similar to the people of the Nuolan Shan family!”

The three people in the distance, the person similar to the Nuolan Shan family also seemed to have noticed Luo Feng, staring at them.

The two locked eye contact for awhile!

It was like they were against each other immediately.

……

“Mr. Nuolan Shan, what are you looking at?” The Universe Mercenary Kunxi turned suspiciously over to look, laughing after, “Oh, there’s two of my underlings’ students.”

“Your underlings?”

Nuolan Shan’s ice cold gaze looked over, “That black haired youth dressed in the blood red battle uniform?”

“No, I don’t recognize that youth.” Kunxi shook his head, beside him, the other bald universe mercenary said, “Those five, the big black one and the red haired little one, are our elite students from within the group, the other three, we don’t recognize.”

“As long as they are not from your North Dragon City.” Nuolan Shan’s gaze was ice cold.

The moment he saw Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God, he immediately recognized…the black haired blood red uniformed youth was the broadcasted publicly Earth’s leader…Luo Feng! Nuolan Shan immediately felt a raging fire erupt from within, rushing straight to his head!

He, a Battle-axe status warrior!

Just how many has he massacred?

Directly controlling over one thousand life planets, the number of warriors under him were like clouds, he hadn’t tasted such defeat in a very long time. However on Earth, he indeed suffered a heavy loss.

“Mr. Nuolan Shan.” The two Universe Mercenaries looked at Nuolan Shan with confusion.

Nuolan Shan took big strides towards Luo Feng. The two universe mercenaries followed behind. They were there following Nuolan Shan…afterall even amongst the Universe level warriors, there were differences in status, as a Universe level 9 and having the status of Battle-axe warrior, Nuolan Shan’s status was naturally very high!

Even though the hall was huge, there were still about ten thousand customers.

A warrior with a huge axe medal on his chest along with two 1 star mercenary warriors, would definitely attract the gaze of many, the three walked swiftly towards Luo Feng.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyebrows creased.

“Military instructor!”

Heruo and Buleimu swiftly stood up, Hong and Thunder God looked suspiciously at Nuolan Shan, saying softly, “Luo Feng, that man looks very similar to the Nuolan Shan family people.”

“I’m afraid he’s not friendly.” Luo Feng squinted his eyes.

Within a moment…

Pa!

Battle boots slammed on the ground, the three universe level warriors stood before Luo Feng’s table.

“I see the two military instructors.” Heruo and Buleimu said respectfully.

“Hm.” The two bald military instructors nodded slightly, looking over at Nuolan Shan. Nuolan Shan just stood there, surveying Luo Feng who was sitting before him, saying coldly, “You are Luo Feng?”

“Yes!” Luo Feng looked at him.

“That planet is yours?” Nuolan Shan asked this particular second sentence without mentioning the name of Earth.

Luo Feng’s lips curled into a smile, “Yes!”

“Sell it to me.” Nuolan Shan’s cold gaze stared hard at Luo Feng. “Name a price.”

Luo Feng shook his head.

“10 billion Ganwu dollars?” Nuolan Shan said.

“There’s no room for discussion.” Luo Feng said without any hesitation.

“100 billion Ganwu dollars!” Nuolan Shan said.

“I said…there’s no room for discussion. No matter what price you say, no deal.” Luo Feng looked at Nuolan Shan, beside him Hong and Thunder God calmly looked at him.

Beside him, the two universe mercenaries were extremely shocked, Nuolan Shan wanted to buy this youth’s planet the moment he saw him and even gave such an extravagant figure. 10 billion Ganwu dollars was definitely enough to buy a top level life planet, and even saying 100 billion Ganwu dollars, such a heavenly figure, just what kind of planet was worth such a price?

Even for someone like Nuolan Shan, shelling out this much money was quite a feat too.

“You are provoking me!” Nuolan Shan squinted his eyes, staring just like a venomous snake at the youth, “Young man, my temper isn’t good, but today I’m giving you this chance…give me the planet under your name, and all our feuds and debts will be settled.”

“Give the planet to you?” Luo Feng’s lips curled into a smile.

Is that possible?

Earth, was home to countless families to the humans of Earth. To others, it may seem that there could be a price that could be used to buy it, however to one of Earth, it was priceless!

“I apologize, I won’t be treating you to a drink.” Luo Feng raised his cup and downed the glass in one shot.

Nuolan Shan’s expression immediately grew even uglier.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God didn’t even bother to look at him.

“Come on, big brother, second brother, cheers.” Luo Feng lifted his glass.

“Come, cheers.” Hong laughed.

“Bottoms up.” Thunder God said.

The three totally treated the Battle-axe warrior Nuolan Shan who was standing beside as nothing but empty space. If it were in reality…the three would probably have run far away the moment they spotted Nuolan Shan, escaping as far they could. However, in the virtual universe, what did they need to be afraid of?


Chapter 318: Action

Luo Feng and his two brothers drank their wine as though there was no one else there, Nuolan Shan stood beside them with an extremely ugly expression, the other two bald universe mercenaries too seemed displeased. This was because in the virtual universe, maintaining respect for the strong was the most basic form of courtesy. From their point of view, these three youths before them were excessively arrogant.

“This…” Heruo and Buleimu looked at each other, not daring to make a sound.

“This wine is not bad! If it were in the real world, its price would be at least a hundred times of this?” Thunder God complimented.

“And it’d be really hard to get your hands on it.” Hong said.

“There are so many good things about the virtual universe!” Luo Feng complimented.

Nuolan Shan’s eye muscles twitched a few times, using a venomous gaze to sweep past the three at the table, suddenly scolding softly: “three disrespectful little brats.” Luo Feng carried on not looking at him, “I’ll let you all know, even in the virtual universe, you have to respect the strong!”

Hu!

His right leg moved just like a huge scythe, slicing past the air, as fast as lightning, heading towards Luo Feng.

“You dare to make a move?”

Luo Feng roared softly, his body fiercely jolting backwards, at the same time using his left shoulder to block the leg. Peng! Nuolan Shan’s right leg violently smashed into Luo Feng’s shoulder, Luo Feng’s entire body was immediately forced back a few steps, his eyes gleamed, staring at the wine and dishes etc beside. The wine bottle, dishes all immediately floated up and flew over towards Nuolan Shan.

“Fight!” Thunder God roared loudly.

“Hmph!” Hong too moved like lightning and joined the fray.

Everyone was stuck in a beginner level wargod body, so there was nothing to be afraid of!

“Be careful, his force exertions are greater than ours” Luo Feng shouted, he was long prepared for Nuolan Shan exploding and attacking him, however that kick still far exceeded what Luo Feng had anticipated, his shoulder was still in immense pain.

“Fighting with me?”

Nuolan Shan coldly swung a kick Thunder God who was the first to rush in, Thunder God’s entire waist section twisted slightly, almost like a twisted piece of fried dough, dodging the kick, and his fist swung in an arc that had a sudden boost in speed, strangely whistling as it headed towards Nuolan Shan. Nuolan Shan’s eyebrows creased, the left kick he had thrown out became a horizontal slice, slicing towards Thunder God’s waist, creating tremor from the impact.

“Hmph.” Thunder God’s body softened and absorbed the impact, just like cotton candy, wrapping himself around Nuolan Shan’s left leg and simultaneously getting prepared to use a binding killing technique.

“Soft methods?” Nuolan Shan’s expression changed slightly.

Weng!

The individual muscles within his left leg suddenly softened and collapsed, at the same time, just like a big slippery snake, slipping swiftly out of the binding hold.

“Rumble!”

A terrifying exploding sound, Hong’s right leg was like a sharp cone piercing towards Nuolan Shan’s head, Nuolan Shan smiled malevolently and rushed ahead instead, his body crouched a little lower, easily avoiding the kick! But Hong’s right kick actually immediately hacked downwards as it headed straight towards Nuolan Shan’s head!

“Get lost!” Nuolan Shan scolded, actually using his head to hit the leg, his neck suddenly seemed to have thickened by two or three layers.

“Rumble!”

The hard head meets the hard leg, Hong’s entire body seemed to lose his center and balance, toppling over to the side. Thunder God’s hands both became like a gentle lover’s caress, 10 fingers swaying, like a strong wind blowing straight towards Nuolan Shan’s flushed red face, but if one looked carefully, it felt like every one of the fingers were pythons.

“Chi chi…” Hong once again got up and rushed over, punch after punch, each heavier than before, like a tidal wave, extremely unrelenting.

“Destroy his spirit!”

Standing not too far away, Luo Feng commanded softly.

A needle like spirit energy immediately pierced towards Nuolan Shan’s brain.

“Get lost!!!” Nuolan Shan shouted fiercely, his eyes raging, his arms seemed to suddenly expand and get bigger, at the same time having a peculiar piercing power, simultaneously dispersing Thunder God’s palms, Hong’s fists and at the same time hitting the two on their chests, causing Hong and Thunder God to spit blood and fly backwards.

Silence.

Many people within the spacious hall of the killing fields looked over.

“Whatever we’ve destroyed, put it on my bill.” Nuolan Shan yelled, before looking coldly at Luo Feng and the others.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were extremely shocked.

Usually against the same level of opponent, Luo Feng’s spirit energy attacks could usually completely decimate the opponent, however… this time, without any spirit weapons in the huge hall, Luo Feng could only rely on attacking his mental capacity. However, it didn’t seem to affect Nuolan Shan at all. And Hong and Thunder God, during the Great Nirvana, one was a master at martial arts, while the other was a yoga master and martial artist, the two were both extremely adept at close hand battles, and this time they actually both lost to one person.

One had to know, everyone’s body build and spiritual force were of the same strength.

This was the virtual universe, every single person’s body build was exactly the same.

“Just you, you think you can use spirit energy to attack and defeat me?” Nuolan Shan looked at the distant and clearly shocked Lou Feng, coldly laughing, “In the Battle-axe Colosseum, if I couldn’t deal with spirit attacks, how do you think I could have survived, much less win a thousand battles and acquire the Battle-axe warrior status!”

Even though their spirit energy levels were similar, however the consciousness level, as a Battle-axe Universe level 9 warrior, his consciousness was indeed very strong.

“As for you two.”

“Don’t think that just because we have similar bodies you can look down on a Universe level warrior! Even with the same bodies, the strong can still easily subdue you two.”

“Well said!” The Universe Mercenary Kunxi shouted from beside.

“Right!”

“Even in the virtual universe, the weak still have to respect the strong!”

“Be it consciousness, skills, experience, unleashing of strength etc, these little brats are too far off. And they are arrogant!” Immediately beside them, a few universe level warriors began talking, countless people looked on with weird gazes at Luo Feng and his 2 brothers. These 3 brats actually dared to disrespect universe levels?

Respecting the strong in the universe was the most basic form of courtesy!

“They deserve it.”

“The deserved to be taught a lesson.” Many people began to chime in.

Hong, Luo Feng and Thunder god’s expressions were ice cold. “Nuolan Shan!”

Luo Feng said coldly, “Respecting the strong is the most basic form of courtesy, but before, within the killing fields, I’ve never once offended the strong! However you, you scum, because of your greed, you’ve killed so many of my fellow race people, up to tens of millions?” The humans of Earth had indeed lost many lives because of the Nuolan Shan family.

With multiple battles, the ones lost to the shockwaves and impacts were many.

Along with the arrival of the Nuolan Shan family arrival causing the bases of the entire world to go into chaos, with all the robbing and riots, within the chaos, many more died.

“And you even wanted to use force to buy my planet?”

“Killing my people, using force to buy my planet, and you still want me to respect you, bullshit! Dream on.” Luo Feng lowered his head and spit fiercely, Nuolan Shan’s expression kept changing, however he had no way to refute, whatever Luo Feng said was indeed true. Many of the people with huge backgrounds around them came from the various continents of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire all nodded their heads, so it was like that, no wonder this group of youths actually fought it out with this Battle-axe warrior.

“Oh…:

“No wonder.”

“This youth really has guts.”

The situation became clear to those around, with a feud between the two, it was natural that all forms of respect was thrown out the window.

Nuolan Shan looked at Luo Feng, slightly nodding his head, “A mouth that really knows how to speak.”

“It’s not that I really know how to speak, it’s filled with logic! As long as it’s the truth and upright, I naturally won’t be afraid of you, I won’t bow down to you.” Luo Feng stared at Nuolan Shan, coldly smiling, “Mr. Nuolan Shan, if it wasn’t for your greed, we three brothers were simply drinking wine here, why’d you have to come bully us young ones?”

Nuolan Shan raged from within, yet not knowing what to say, clenching his fists hard.

“What, you want to fight again?” Thunder God mocked.

“We cannot fight and win against some like you who has the title of Battle-axe warrior and is also an elder at the Universe level 9.” Hong too couldn’t help but provoke him.

“Big brother, second brother, let us go.” Luo Feng waved.

“Let’s go.” Hong said.

“People like these aren’t worth our words.” Thunder God joined in.

Luo Feng and the other two headed straight towards the exit of the big hall.

Nuolan Shan’s expression was ashen, raging from within, however he was indeed clear that he was eyeing Earth, eyeing its treasures, and since it was greed, he wasn’t upright at all. And now since he didn’t wish to speak about the matter, because he didn’t want anybody else to discover the treasures of Earth!

“Luo Feng!” Nuolan Shan said coldly.

Luo Feng turned to look at Nuolan Shan, smiling, “Mr. Nuolan Shan, what other matters do you have?”

“Just now when I fought you all, aren’t you very dissatisfied?” Nuolan Shan squinted his eyes.

“Yes, I am.” Luo Feng said coldly, “You, a Universe level 9 warrior, with experience, strength, consciousness, etc, all stronger than us, the battle wasn’t even fair, and you think I’ll be satisfied?”

“I’ll give you another chance.”

Nuolan Shan snorted softly, “I’ll find three underlings of the same level and grade as you all to fight on three different battlefields! As long as out of the three battles, you are able to win one battle…then you’ll be considered the winners of this entire gamble. I’ll give you 10 billion Ganwu dollars. However if you all don’t even win one battle, you give me your planet.”

“A gambling battle is fine, but the bet being the planet? No way.” Luo Feng looked at Nuolan Shan.

Nuolan Shan was extremely enraged, to the point he grinded his teeth.

This Luo Feng, he valued this Earth far too much.

Did this Luo Feng not know…

Even though it had the automaton ship and such level of treasures, with Luo Feng’s background, the moment he took it out, it would be snatched away by others.

“Immediately exchanging it for 100 billion Ganwu dollars, he wasn’t even willing, its 100 billion Ganwu dollars!”

He was really hoping beyond all hope to acquire the rights to Earth, that way, even if he couldn’t excavate all the treasures of Earth, he could still auction off the planet, selling off all the treasures in one go! With the rights to the planet, conducting all the businesses would be a lot more convenient, there wouldn’t be a need to sneakily send two universe levels to invade Earth.

This sort of action, was called theft!

And the thing that Nuolan Shan was most worried about was that Luo Feng had already claimed the rights from the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, meaning that the families of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire knew how to head towards Earth.

Nuolan Shan was afraid…

That those big families, would start having interest towards Earth, sending armies through the wormhole and towards Earth.

After all the Nuolan Shan family, was only the third family in the Kaluo empire. And the Black Dragon Mountain Empire’s critical people within the bigger families, usually the founders were all Sector Lords! If that level of family were to intervene, his Nuolan Shan family wouldn’t stand a chance at all.


Chapter 319: The Killing Fields’ Battlespace

Within the hall of the Killing Fields, Nuolan Shan watched as Luo Feng and the other two left, eyes ice cold.

The two bald Universe Mercenaries from North Dragon City walked over, of which Kunxi even laughed, “Mr. Nuolan Shan, that Luo Feng and his party are just three brats that aren’t worth getting angry over! If Mr. Nuolan Shan is unhappy, we’ll find a chance, and go destroy his real body in reality if need be!”

“Right, Mr. Nuolan Shan, from what I see, we’d better first head into the battlespace.” The other bald universe mercenary persuaded.

“Hold on a moment,” Nuolan Shan said coldly, turning to look at the not to far off Buleimu and Heruo, “The two of you, come here.”

“Us?”

Heruo with the pale skin and red hair, along with the huge and sturdy black man Buleimu glanced at each other, their hearts palpitating with fear. The powerful warrior that even their two instructors who had to butter up to was looking for them? If he wanted to kill them it would be too simple, Heruo groaned under his breath, “Luo Feng, you’ve really screwed us over!”

“We greet Mr. Nuolan Shan.” Heruo and Buleimu said respectfully.

“What’s the number of his virtual universe account.”

Heruo and Buleimu were slightly shocked, hesitating for a moment. However, staring straight two universe level military instructors along with a Battle-axe warrior, the two could only lower their heads and exchange glances, finally, Heruo said softly, “Sir, Luo Feng’s virtual universe number is…” Heruo reported a long account number.

“Ok.” Nuolan Shan turned to leave straight after hearing it. The two bald Universe Mercenaries followed behind.

Milky way, Earth.

The Westlake Courtyard was fully rebuilt, also Luo Feng had installed a special highest D1 grade level castle within the universe. Around this castle were planet surveillance systems and security, this was the center. The entire solar system’s many surveillance satellites, defense systems, etc were mostly controlled from here.

Within the castle, a seven storey planet control room.

“Master.”

“Around the Dark space wormhole area, there’ve been three groups that have entered, the first is a D3 grade ship, the second is a D1 grade ship while the third is a C8 grade ship.

Luo Feng stood within the main control room of the Earth defense system, before him a huge floating screen was separated into three scenes, each showing a different universe ship. This scene caused Luo Feng to slightly crease his eyebrows, pondering over the situation.

“These three groups of people should be from three different groups.”

“According to the levels of the ships, we can deduce the strength and levels. The first batch, there’s a high possibility that there’s a Universe level warrior, the second batch is probably a group of elite Star levels or a Universe level, the third batch is most probably a group of Star levels.” Luo Feng did the deduction swiftly within his mind, ever since he made the request to become Earth’s leader, the only way to head towards Earth…was through the wormhole and travelling through space for 2 years and 8 months!

This method was definitely known by the empire.

Hence, there would be other powers sending little scout teams over, this too was within his calculations.

“Luo Feng, you have new mail in the Virtual Universe Network.”

“Oh, connect to the virtual universe.”

On Black Dragon Mountain Island, nine star bay, people mostly built along the bay, or the protruding small mountain range to build their extravagant villas, all customizing according to their wishes. Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God had also bought a piece of land along a river, constructing the building mainly using wood.

“First young Master, this move is really beautiful.”

“Second young master, you should be kicking at this time.”

“Uncle Meng Two, when can I actually enter the inner sect.”

“Very soon, just train a little more and it’ll happen.”

Within a three storey wooden pavilion, two young Black Mongolian youths were currently engaged in teaching Luo Feng’s two children Ping Ping and Little Hai. Luo Feng suddenly appeared and the two children looked surprised over: “Daddy!” Luo Ping and Luo Hai, under the permission of Luo Feng, were specially sent into the virtual universe by Babata to play the virtual games.

These were games that secretly had beneficial effects on their learning; learning through fun. With regards to their bodies’ abilities to expand energy skills, etc, even though they were just children, however his own two children…were many many times stronger than back when he lived in a rental apartment before. Also, Luo Feng had used a few evolution treasures during their conception period.

This was commonly seen in big families in the universe.

These all made Luo Hai and Luo Ping, who were only at the age of 4, to be intermediate level warriors. On Earth, this was indeed shocking, however in the universe, it was common and normal.

“Whose mail?” Luo Feng sat on a nearby chair, with a thought, a screen floated before him, swiftly pulling up the mail.

“Hm?”

“It’s actually an anonymous number, it’s probably that Nuolan Shan knew I wouldn’t negotiate with him, and decided to just send a mail over”. Luo Feng was intrigued and curious about the details of the mail, reading over it carefully. The mail was very long, explaining in detail about the dangers and evils of the universe, warning Luo Feng about the great dangers of bringing out the automaton ship in the universe.

Ten birds in the forest do not equate to one in hand!

The automaton ship was expensive, however without being alive to spend the money, it would be better to just exchange it for some rewards now.

“Tsk tsk, this Nuolan Shan is so well off.” Luo Feng looked at the large amounts of offers and conditions from Nuolan Shan, this time he didn’t want to buy Earth, but to actually share control to govern Earth. The two would function through shares, Luo Feng would be the main stockholder, maintaining his leader status. The Nuolan Shan family would have the smaller status.

At the same time, the automaton ship would be given to the Nuolan Shan family.

This way…

The Nuolan Shan family could continue to do many things.

“Stockholders? Govern Earth together? And all they want is the automaton ship?” Luo Feng rubbed his chin.

“Don’t give it to them!”

“Luo Feng, the Yun Mo Planet ship is already damaged, the conditions required to repair it is extremely hard. And when you get stronger, you’d be able to take the automaton ship! From that, you can live easy.” Babata said, “The automaton race’s technology level far exceeds that of the human race. Don’t ever agree to that Nuolan Shan. Earth’s treasures, this automaton ship itself, can be said to be your future trump card.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded, following that, he proceeded to delete the mail that Nuolan Shan had carefully arranged for his underlings to write in detail with much allure.

At that time…

“Du, du, du.”

“Luo Feng, Heruo and Buleimu requests a call.”

“Answer.”

Luo Feng flew out into the wooden building’s third floor, a screen floated before him, on it was the skinny and frail looking Heruo along with the strong and sturdy Buleimu.

“Luo Feng, my apologies, I’ve given your virtual universe account number to Mr. Nuolan Shan, it shouldn’t affect you that much right.” Heruo said, beside him Buleimu said, “We also just received the call to order, we are leaving immediately to take part in the Universe Mercenary Probation Exams, we’ll see you when we return.”

“Wish that we’ll be able to return alive yup.” Heruo too smiled.

“All the best.” Luo Feng raised a fist, “If you come back alive, then I’ll forget about you ever revealing my virtual universe number.”

“Hah.” Heruo laughed, “Right Luo Feng, I’ve always seen you three brothers up till now only entering in the Killing Fields’ slaughter space, if you have time, go check out the battlespace, it’s a little more meaningful than the slaughter space.”

“battlespace?” Luo Feng was slightly stunned, “Ok, I’ll check it out.”

Earth had been secured and protected by Luo Feng and was well fortified, also, through the slave market he even bought another 29 Star level 9 slaves, along with the seven surviving Star level 9 slaves from before, they formed a group of 36 elite. And according to the level of security systems around the planet, it could be said that as long as it wasn’t someone or something from the universe, everything else could be easily settled.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God immersed themselves in their training.

Killing Fields.

“So the battlespace is like that.”

“Looking at the introduction, compared to the slaughter space, it is indeed interesting.” Luo Feng and the others stood at the front counter of the Killing Fields’ big hall, looking at the screen footage introduction of the space. The slaughter space, was made specifically for one person to use at a time. In it, one could specify one’s opponent, it was the best training tool.

And the battlespace, was where real fighters and warriors could battle against each other!

The people they fought were two real humans, not just virtual simulations. And the amount of credit consumed for using the battlespace was only one tenth of the slaughter space.

……

“I’m a Star level 1, right now I can only pick an opponent of the same level.” Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God sat in a corner of the Killing Fields’ big hall, there were screens floating before them, on it appeared many opponents and introductions of their strengths and powers. If you wanted to battle…you’d first have to send out a request and invite the opponent to battle.

“Haha, third brother, big brother. Look, this person actually calls himself the number 1 exponent, but has only won 21 and lost 921 times, his ranking remains as 1 star.”

Within the battlespace, one could easily give himself any name.

This was for the sake of the renowned or powerful people to conceal their identities should they want to train. These sort of business places naturally adhered to their clients’ requests and adapt to their every whim.

“I can only pick someone of the same level now?” Luo Feng’s gaze swept past the rankings…ignoring the 5 star ones and looking straight at the 6 star and 7 star opponents. The entire ranking system, the highest rank was 9 stars, that was the strongest warrior of the same level.

“Over this month, I’ve already reached the Soaring Shuttle’s fifth layer of control.”

“I’ll choose a 7 star opponent and give it a shot.” Luo Feng formally sent out the request, this was the first time for Luo Feng to battle against an opponent of the same level and grade.

1 second, 2 seconds, 1 minute, 2 minutes…

“Damn, I picked a 6 star opponent, there’s actually no reply, he’s ignoring me.” Thunder God stared hard.

“My opponent is ignoring me too.” Luo Feng said helplessly, “Big brother, what about you?”

“Big brother?” Thunder God looked at Hong too.

Hong rubbed his nose, saying solemnly, “I picked a 9 star Star Traveller level 9, I feel that I should be able to battle with him, however…the battle request was immediately rejected, the system reported that a 9 star warrior has the power to set a limitation, only 7 stars and above are able to request for a battle with him.”

Luo Feng and Thunder God blinked hard.

The three brothers…

This was the first time they wanted to spar with others, and yet they were all looked down upon.


Chapter 320: Battle!

Hong, Luo Feng and Thunder God were all very confident in themselves, hence they went straight for battling warriors of the same level.

“That’s not strange at all, afterall I am a newbie and my ranking is ‘null’” Thunder God said helplessly, “If we were strong, in order to not waste time, I’m afraid that we’d have to pick high ranking people to battle. Right now, from what I see, we’d probably do better starting from scratch and making a name for ourselves.”

“We’ll start from nothing.”

“First we’ll rush up the rankings, then we’ll be able to challenge the strong ones!”

Even though Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were confident that they could sweep the 1 and 2 star rankers, they still had to take it one step at a time.

“Luo Feng, what nickname did you pick?” Thunder God asked, there was a function within the battlespace allowing one to conceal one’s true identity, you could pick whatever name you wished.

“Crazy.” Luo Feng said, “You?”

“Martial Arts God.” Thunder god said.

“That’s shameless enough.” Luo Feng was speechless, Hong who was beside couldn’t help but to laugh out too, Luo Feng looked at Hong and asked, “Big brother, what about you?”

“Killer!” Hong replied.

Luo Feng had the nickname of crazy back then, and Hong was an assassin before the Great Nirvana, as for Thunder God, he had always been a martial arts idiot, martial arts crazy, to actually dare to give himself the name of martials arts god, that was crazy in itself.

“Let’s begin then!”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God lowered their heads, sending out requests to opponents, all of them simultaneously sending these requests out to the 1 star rankers.

“Your challenge has been accepted.”

“Sending to the battlespace.” The virtual universe system’s message appeared on Luo Feng’s screen, only then did Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief, only this third challenge attempt actually went through. One never would have thought that the 1 star same level fighters would all be arrogant and proud, not wanting to accept a battle with a new challenger without and rank. The opponent that he finally managed to match up with had the name of ‘Bloody Swordsman’.

……

Within the battlespace.

On an incomparably vast grassy field, there was a black metal arena that was about 10km long and 10km wide.

A tall and built green skinned man, carrying a long sword on his back stood in the arena, muttering, “Crazy? This person actually called himself crazy, looks like there’s some crazy in his bones, tsk tsk, battles against a madman are usually the best. Newbie, newbie, let me teach you a good lesson.”

Nickname Bloody Swordsman, 12 wins, 3 losses.

In the arena, from out of nowhere, a black haired youth wearing a black battle uniform standing on a Soaring Shuttle appeared. The battle uniform along with the Soaring Shuttle were both chosen from within the system. One could choose whatever weapon one fancied within the battlespace and slaughter space, as for the uniform, they had to pick the most basic of uniforms.

“Hello” Luo Feng smiled at the green skinned youth before him.

“Very courteous, you are crazy? Haha, just because you are courteous, I won’t humiliate you too badly.” Bloody Swordsman laughed and smiled back.

“Bloody Swordsman? You are my very first opponent in the battlespace, you actually agreed and accepted my challenge, just for that, I won’t kill you too painfully.” Luo Feng smiled, within his eyes however a trace of bloodthirst and insanity, even though he had massacred a lot in the slaughter space, it was far from enough after having suppressed his bloodthirst for so long.

However, venting it all out too resulted in the bloodthirst seeping deeper into his bones.

“What an arrogant newbie!” Bloody Swordsman laughed coldly, with a rumble, attacks that were ten times the speed of sound rained down on Luo Feng, and the high speed attacks resulted in the air exploding with ripples far behind the Bloody Swordsman.

Luo Feng floated calmly in mid air.

“Go!” Luo Feng raised his hand and gently pointed towards the Bloody Swordsman.

Xiu!

Thirty blades with gold threads swiftly unleashed threads of gold, forming a golden swordfish, this swordfish was extremely lifelike, waving its tail in mid air, shaking a little before becoming a single gold line, easily brushing past the Bloody Swordsman’s panicked rushed defense with his raw energy blade, piercing through his forehead.

The Bloody Swordsman’s body resumed its usual flight for quite a distance before naturally dropping straight down, his body landing on the grassy field outside the arena.

Xiu!

A golden swordfish swiftly returned to Luo Feng’s feet, being absorbed into the Soaring Shuttle.

Crazy’s first battle, victory!

“After madly training the swordfish formation within the Killing Fields for a month, battling over ten thousand times, I’ve reached the Soaring Shuttle’s fifth layer of control. Right now using the fourth layer is almost like a natural reflex, flexible and nimble. Killing someone of the same level, would definitely be a simple massacre.” Luo Feng was very confident.

This confidence wasn’t just baseless.

That was because…his consciousness aptitude had already reached thirty, among the Star level 1 spirit readers, to be able to control up to thirty six weapons simultaneously, even within the Universe, he would still be considered an absolute genius. As for the reason behind Luo Feng’s consciousness strength, that was because of the Golden Horned Beast’s extremely powerful consciousness.

Such amazing consciousness strength!

Along with the Yun Mo Planet’s basic training, plus the Soaring Shuttle was something his teacher Hu Yan Bo constructed, using the Yun Mo Planet’s techniques was simply akin to being a fish in water. His master wasn’t afraid of his students learning too much, only them learning too well! Luo Feng’s achievements with the Soaring Shuttle were indeed high.

……

“Cheng!”

The golden swordfish waved its tail and smashed directly into the green blade’s edge. Smashing the spirit weapon straight into the surface of the black arena, causing a little hole in the surface of the arena, with sparks flying everywhere. The golden swordfish then proceeded to fly around the head of the opponent draped in a black robe once, cutting it clean off.

Crazy’s second battle, victory!

……

“Pu Chi!”

The golden swordfish pierced right through the chest of the opponent, before swiftly exploding into pieces, thirty blades rushed out from the skin of the opponent’s body, of which three actually rushed out from his forehead.

Crazy’s third battle, victory!

“Hmph, I’ve finally received a 1 star ranking. Continue!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

……

Thunder God held in his hand a Thunder blade, unleashing his domain around himself, lightning snakes wrapping themselves around him.

“Star level 1, with his own domain? When I first saw the data within the battlespace system, I didn’t dare to believe it. It’s true…come on! Let me see, just how strong a domain user is?” said a 4 star ranker, a tall and skinny male with only one eye as he held a sword.

“You’ll find out soon enough.” Thunder God curled his lips and smiled, “After killing you, I’ll reach the 3 star rank.”

……

Hong held in his hand a black pike, quietly standing in the arena.

“A Star Traveller level 9 fighter with a domain? That’s interesting, it’s rare I meet someone like that here, come on.” A short but built youth, holding a blade each in his hands, eyes gleaming red from excitement.

“My third battle and I meet a 6 star ranker, very good.” Hong nodded.

Ever since he unleashed his domain in the previous two battles, the system automatically added in this bit of data, to think that a 6 star ranker of the same level would step up and issue him a challenge, how could Hong reject him? Naturally he’d accept and battle!

……

Within the battlespace, the battles were extremely quick. Finishing a few hundred battles in a day was very normal. Of course many would actually stop for awhile after losing a battle to review their techniques and strategies… ‘battle, failure, review, revelation, battle again’, this was what many had experienced and their process.

However…

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God, ever since they began going through their battles madly, they hadn’t lost a match at all.

Especially Hong and Thunder God, as they had their own domains, hence they received high rankers of the same level challenging them, this led to Hong and Thunder God raising their ranks very quickly! Afterall, defeating a 6 star ranker fighter of the same level, was much more effective than defeating one hundred 1 star same level fighters.

About 3 hours later, within the Killing Field’s big hall, Luo Feng sat with his brothers.

“Second brother, I haven’t even begun to fully enjoy my battles and you actually called me out here?” Luo Feng looked dissatisfied with Thunder God.

“We have be to serious about every battle, especially since they are getting increasingly more powerful. I’m getting tired mentally, let’s all rest a little.” Thunder God laughed, beside him Hong also nodded, “I’m not too tired.”

“I don’t feel anything at all.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but say, “What are your ranks now?”

“6 stars.” Thunder god said.

“7 stars.” Hong said.

“I’m only 3 stars.” Luo Feng was so mad he gritted his teeth.

“When I first began I had to initiate the challenges, later on all the higher rankers began to challenge me themselves.” Thunder God laughed, “a Star level 1 with his own domain, that’s extremely rare, hence many strong warriors wanted to battle with me.”

“Me too.” Hong said.

Luo Feng could only laugh helplessly, he understood why Hong and Thunder God could raise their ranks so quickly. Even though he himself killed the opponents fast enough, most of them were only low level opponents. Also…he didn’t have anything to attract the higher rankers to challenge him.

“I’ll first have some drinks, after a while, I’ll go in and continue, I won’t stop until I reach the 6 star rank.” Luo Feng said, 6 stars, that was the bare minimum standard display of strength within that level.

He was mad!

Luo Feng had gone mad!

Battle after battle had made Luo Feng’s battle record to be constantly revised, ‘121 wins, 0 losses”, “183 wins, 0 losses”, “218 wins, 0 losses”…this sort of invincible record finally began to draw the attention of the higher rankers, resulting in them finally accepting and requesting battles from him. This was because this sort of over 100 wins, 0 losses record was very likely to be a powerful warrior first entering into the battlespace.

There was a good saying around here, that spending long periods of time within the battlespace, as long as one constantly battled, no one would dare say he would be able to maintain his perfect record!

……

Black Dragon Mountain Island’s Killing Fields had indeed gathered countless elites of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God swiftly rose through the battlespace, gradually gaining the attention of many people.

……

Within the battlespace, if one spent money, outsiders could spectate the matches. Hence the more spectators there were, the more one had to pay to actually join in and spectate. Of course…even if there was a Star level 1 9 star ranker fighting someone of the same level, the spectator fee wouldn’t be too absurd, after all it was only Star level 1.

However if there were Domain Lords or Sector Lords battling, the number of spectators would be plenty.

However, these sort of Star level fights, would usually only be spectated by some groups of higher level people, looking to see if they could get strong people into their organizations. After all the geniuses had to be contacted early, the moment they hesitated, others would snatch them away.

“Nuolan Shan, I heard your hundred tiger building has gathered quite a few elite heirs? Look, this youth just appeared out of nowhere, he is an absolute genius, if you miss out, others would definitely snatch him away.”

“An absolute genius?”

“Right, this youth’s consciousness level is very high. Star level 1 with such a high consciousness level, it’s unbelievable. Also…even in the world of controlling spirit weapons, he’s extremely high. Look! Within two days of work, he already has 822 wins, 1 loss. His ranking, hmm, already 7 stars.”

Nuolan Shan looked at the battle on the screen, just as he was about to carefully observe the battle, he realized he recognized the person.

“Luo Feng?” Nuolan Shan looked again, his initial feeling of anticipation immediately vanished, left with only feelings of dissatisfaction.


Chapter 321: Utter Defeat

Nuolan Shan’s expression was cold, looking at the footage displayed on the screen before him, he didn’t have any good feelings about Luo Feng at all. Especially since after the meeting, he specifically requested for someone to write a persuasive and convincing letter to send over. Since Luo Feng didn’t reply at all, this naturally pissed him off even more. Seeing Luo Feng making a name for himself displeased him greatly.

“Hm?” As he looked, Nuolan Shan revealed shock, looking at the big nosed man beside him, “This the genius you were talking about?”

From the footage, Luo Feng was being destroyed and played with!

Utter defeat!

“This is the footage from his final match.” The big nosed man explained, “This youth called Crazy hasn’t battled since losing this match.”

“The final match’s footage?” Nuolan Shan’s lips curled upwards, the scene of Luo Feng completely losing, he couldn’t help but laugh gleefully.

Within the battlespace, it was very empty.

Luo Feng sat alone in the arena, the Soaring Shuttle too had fallen beside him.

“How did it end up like this?”

“I couldn’t even land a single blow?”

“It was complete defeat! She was only a fighter, and not a spirit reader. A Star level 1 fighter, with only a 6 star rank, she actually… made my Soaring Shuttle totally and completely unable to defend against her at all?” Luo Feng’s eyes displayed pain, the scene before was simply like a nightmare.

822 wins! 1 loss!

After consecutively winning 822 matches, this level of glory, this level of confidence? Luo Feng had thought that he was an absolute genius amongst the Star level 1s, with hardly anyone that could defeat him. However earlier, meeting that dual knife wielding female fighter, he was totally humiliated, this female fighter even gave him chances time and again, letting him off even though she had the chance to kill him.

Letting him off a total of nine times at the critical moment, finally slashing between his eyebrows.

Death!

Just from that short battle, he was easily let off nine times, obviously this female fighter was only playing around, her abilities and power far exceeded Luo Feng’s, like an adult playing with a child, letting him off nine times and finally killing him.

“I’m, I’m actually that weak?”

“Am, am I that weak?” Luo Feng gritted his teeth and grimaced in pain.

At that time, there were many challenge requests sent to Luo Feng, but he didn’t have any heart at all to battle again, the only thing filling his mind was the scene from before…with the enormous amount of power from the swordfish formation, under the female fighter’s incomparably sturdy and sharp attacks, the formation was slashed and knocked away!

With blades in both hands, it was flawless!

“How could I lose so badly? She’s the same level, and a fighter! I actually…” Luo Feng could accept defeat, but he couldn’t accept such an utter defeat, this loss made Luo Feng realize one thing…just within the Black Dragon Mountain Island, there were many of the same level that were much stronger than himself!

Otherwise, being the same level, how could she defeat him so easily?

In another battlespace.

Thunder God was engaged in battle with a female fighter wearing white, his battle record before too was pretty impressive, 691 wins and 3 losses, 8 star ranking! Even though he lost three times, Thunder God didn’t really care about it, after all there were bound to be wins and losses in battles, the main reason for coming to the battlespace was to grow and breakthrough.

Failure was more beneficial to one’s breakthrough than success!

As he had his own domain, hence Thunder God’s opponents were mostly 7 stars, 8 stars and even 9 star rankers. Losing three matches was completely normal.

“Break, break break break!!!” A seemingly maddened Thunder God, completely enveloped in his domain, the raw energy battle blade in his hand too had become like lightning.

Cheng! Cheng! Cheng! Cheng! Cheng! Cheng! Cheng! Cheng!

Continuous clashing sounds.

The female fighter dressed in white battle uniform was obviously fresh and relaxed, she had no expression, eyes cold, wielding in each hand sharp battle blades. The two blades flashed about swiftly, parrying swiftly against each of Thunder God’s attacks, amidst the high speed battle, the white clothed female fighter’s slash actually went past the blurred images of Thunder God’s battle blades, slashing his neck.

His head was cut clean off.

Thunder God, defeat!

Hong, dressed in all black, hand holding a long silver spear, his eyes gleamed, looking at the opponent before him. “Haha, thrilling, thrilling, I’ve battled 695 consecutive matches, compared to you, the other opponents cannot compare at all. They don’t deserve to be called elites at all.” Hong’s words went through the virtual assistant’s auto translation and was converted into universe language.

He faced a skinny white robed male, the man held a long blade, looking at Hong, “I too didn’t expect to meet such an opponent like you here in the Killing Field’s battlespace!”

“Let’s go again.” The man said softly.

Xiu!

His body became a bolt of lightning rushing forward, piercing straight towards Hong, at the same time the long blade in his hand seemed to intelligently slash in a peculiar arc, ready to attack Hong’s many vital points.

“Hahaha…” Hong was exhilarated as he laughed loudly.

The spear in his hand fiercely revolved one round, almost like curling a myriad of waves and directly aiming to sweep away the enemy, at the same time, the spear entered straight into the pitch dark domain, like a deadly whirlpool within the darkness, looking to swallow the white robed swordsman before it. The white robed youth’s swordsmanship was clean and precise, with sparks of electricity sparking at every arc, at the same time, the electricity domain around him was constantly expanding.

“Rumble!”

The two clashed and separated, before clashing again as quick as lightning.

Intense!

Hong’s previous 695 matches had been incomparably relaxed and easy to win. This time however, he actually met a powerful and fearsome opponent! The two had clashed over and over more than a 1000 times, it was clear Hong’s domain had the advantage on the opponent, but the opponent was accurate and precise, his peculiar swordsmanship was indeed powerful, causing them to be stuck in a stalemate.

After such a long battle, neither one of them had made a single mistake.

Rumble!

The two stood separately in the arena, staring at each other.

“Killer, you’ve earned my respect, for our this battle, let’s call it even.” The white robed youth swordsman said.

“You too have earned my respect.” Hong’s eyes seemed to have stars in them, he stared at the opponent, “After a month of hard training within the battlespace, my domain has finally entered the next level. I’ve yet to unleash this skill before…right now, I’ll use it, treat it as my respect for you.” Hong’s words were translated through the virtual assistant’s robotic voice.

“What?” The white robed youth swordsman’s expression changed greatly.

“This move, I call it ‘This Hate Knows No End’.” Finishing his words, Hong’s spear vibrated, the spear suddenly became like a fierce enormous dragon rushing out, with a strong revolving wave around it, adding to the already thick and dark domain around, creating an endless tornado attack, making the spear even sharper than before.

The white robed youth swordsman’s eyes squinted, electricity sparking out from the blade within his hand.

Pu! Pu! Pu!

Every slash seemed to miss slightly, brushing against the spear’s edge, the spear had seemed to become extremely flexible and fluid, the entire air around seemed to become influenced by it, making it unstoppable.

And the white robed youth wanted to escape but he was getting enveloped by the domain, its speed was terrifying.

He couldn’t block it either.

“Pu chi!”

The powerful spear that made people’s hearts tremble pierced right through the white robed youth’s head, emerging from the back of his brain region.

This battle, Killer (Hong), victorious!

Within the Killing Field’s big hall.

The blood red background of the hall, black tables, ice cold chairs. Luo Feng and Thunder God sat together, their moods not good at all.

“I didn’t expect you to meet her too.” Luo Feng laughed painfully. “What, you met her too?” Thunder God was shocked.

“Yea.” Luo Feng nodded, “That female fighter is really…I wasn’t her match at all. She was completely toying with me, humiliating me. And her physical traits are only that of a Star level 1, same grade and level as me, she was actually so much stronger than me. My Soaring Shuttle was a joke in front of her!”

“Me too, I feel that she should have her own domain, but she didn’t even unleash her domain, hurting me a total of nine times before finally killing me. It’s too, too…” Thunder God’s smile was bitter.

On Earth.

The two of them, one was a high flying absolute genius, the other stood at the pinnacle of Earth, the founder of the Thunder Dojo. Who would have thought that there would be a day that someone of the same grade and level was able to toy with them and defeat them easily.

“Second and third brother, why’d you call me out?” Hong dressed in all black came with a smile in high spirits, “Hmm, why do the both of you seem unhappy?”

“We lost.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“We lost very badly.” Thunder god’s expression too was ugly.

“Losing is a good thing.” Hong sat on the chair beside, saying, “Only through losing will one realize his weaknesses, only through that will we improve.”

“But we lost too badly.” Luo Feng looked at Hong, “Big brother, your mood seems really good?”

“Haha, I met an opponent, a very strong opponent.” Hong laughed and glanced at Luo Feng and Thunder God, “If the two of you were in the Star Traveller level 9, I’m afraid you wouldn’t be a match for him. He was incredibly strong! If not for my breakthrough after training hard in the Killing Fields’ slaughter space for a month, I wouldn’t have been able to win this battle either. It was thrilling to meet such an opponent.”

The Killing Fields, besides the cheaper and more populated big hall, there were still some other secret ‘quiet rooms.’

Within one of the quiet rooms.

A big sturdy and well built man was dressed in all green, sitting on a sofa, looking at the screen before him. On it displayed three different videos simultaneously, one was Luo Feng against the female fighter, the other was Thunder God against the female fighter and finally Hong against the white robed youth. The well built man’s eyes gleamed like never before.

He stared hard at the third scene…Hong against the white robed youth.

“He actually, actually has a domain of three layers?”

“This final attack, he exploded and unleashed his domain, it’s definitely a three layer domain! A Star Traveller level 9 punk, actually reached the three layer domain.” The man was extremely excited.

Suddenly…

“Pa! Pa! Pa!” A knocking sound resounded.

“Come in.” The tall and sturdy man said.

The door opened.

A serious looking female fighter dressed in a white robe, along with a skinny youth swordsman in white robes entered, closing the door behind. After which, the white robed female fighter bowed respectfully, “My lord, the mission is completed.”

“Very good, the both of you can leave the virtual universe and return. I’ve already sent your contribution credits out.” The tall and sturdy man said.

“Yes.”

The white robed female fighter along with the white robed youth vanished into nothing, obviously their consciousness had left the virtual universe and returned to reality.


Chapter 322: Domain Lord

Killing Fields Hall.

Luo Feng was engaged in discussion with Hong and Thunder God about the previous three battles. As they sat together, they couldn’t help but to talk about them. The fight with the female fighter dealt a huge blow to Luo Feng, he wasn’t afraid of losing, just that that loss was too bad! This meant…that he Luo Feng, was still a lot weaker than his same level’s pinnacle.

There were definitely plenty that were much stronger than him.

“Hm?” Luo Feng saw with the corner of his eye a worker from the Killing Fields approaching them.

“Hm?” Thunder God too looked over, there was only their group there.

“He looks like he’s looking for us.” Hong said softly.

The Killing Fields worker was a skinny man with a pointy nose, he smiled as he said, “Three sirs, there is a owner of a meditation room upstairs who has called for you three, please follow me.”

“Meditation room owner?” Luo Feng was shocked, exchanging glances with Hong and Thunder God beside.

The big hall was a resting and chatting spot for many of the heirs and disciple elites.

And the meditation rooms, they were extremely secretive rooms, many powerful people specially rent rooms for long periods of times, the owners of these rooms were mostly at least a universe level, or they had an absurd amount of money.

“Please lead the way.” Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God got up.

“Very well.”

The worker led the way, very quickly following the winding stairs, reaching the 2nd level. The 1st level was an incomparably spacious and vast big hall, the 2nd was a serene and beautiful labyrinth, within it with meditation rooms were all about, many universe level warriors and even domain lords, or even the stronger sector lords, were within these rooms.

Within the black dragon mountain empire, the sector lords were deemed as the pinnacle of strength and power, while they mostly moved about within the virtual universe Ganwu continent, not the black dragon mountain island. After all the black dragon mountain empire had too few sector lords, to be able to meet within the virtual universe was very rare, naturally they would all move to the Ganwu continent.

Over there, the strong were plentiful like the clouds.

“This room.” The worker smiled and stood at the door, gently knocking.

“Enter.” A thick voice resounded.

The door was pushed opened.

The worker bowed respectfully: “Sir, I’ve brought the three guests.” Following that, the worker left, Luo Feng and his 2 bigger brothers were carefully examining the standing tall and sturdy man within the room, his entire body was greenish black, almost like it was made of steel.

“Three of you, come in.” The tall and sturdy man said.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God didn’t fear anything, walking directly into the meditation room.

Entering the room, the entire mediation room felt like it became brighter instantly, Luo Feng got a sudden shock after looking at the tall and sturdy man before him, this man’s left chest, on his battle robe was a medal, the picture was…a torrent of blood with 2 planets floating.

A universe 2 star mercenary!!!

2 stars?

My God!

Luo Feng was completely shocked, to enter the universe 2 star mercenary exams, one of the conditions was to must have reached the strength of a domain lord! Hence the universe 2 star mercenaries, lowest strength was a domain lord, sometimes even sector lords.

A domain lord warrior…what was this concept?

The Silverblue Empire, or the Kaluo empire etc, the basic level universe empires, they wouldn’t dare trifle with a domain lord! They were the owners of their own territories, able to gain the recognition as the strong within the universe! If the universe level warriors were able to destroy earth, they would still require multiple attacks to succeed.

But the domain lords only require one punch, with a scattered punch over the ocean, causing huge waves to drown the entire earth, causing extinction!

This was a domain lord!

An existence able to make a universe basic level empire quake in fear. Back then, the owner of the Horned dragon star, was also only a domain lord! And the one right before them…was stronger than the normal domain lords!

“We greet you.”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God exchanged glances, at the same time speaking in respectful tones.

Respecting the strong, this was the most common form of courtesy within the universe.

“I’ve already been observing you three for over a month.” The tall and sturdy man looked at the three of them, revealing a smile, “Ever since you entered the Killing Fields, you’ve been in here training every day, without ever stopping a day, am I right?”

Luo Feng was shocked.

This man was at least a domain lord, and he’s been observing them for over a month?

Luo Feng turned to look at Hong and Thunder God, they too were in the same state of shock.

“However, I don’t understand why you keep staying here in the Killing Fields. Coming here once in awhile is fine, but staying here for long periods of time, that’s a waste of time!” The tall and sturdy man looked curiously at the three.

“Waste of time?” Luo Feng’s eyebrows creased.

“What do you mean?” Thunder God too creased his eyebrows.

Hong was looking silently at the man.

“Didn’t your teacher ever tell you…the fastest way to evolve, the most effective way to improve is to engage in training while in life or death situations?” The tall and sturdy man asked curiously.

“This I understand.” Thunder God said.

Hong and Thunder God naturally knew.

The era of which earth produced the most number of warriors was during the great nirvana, also during the Mu Ya crystals period. Back during the Great Nirvana period, within a few years, humans evolved from being weak to suddenly having a large amount of warriors, even to the point of star travellers appearing. And decades later, when the Mu Ya crystals were discovered, another large amount of warriors were produced.

“If you know, then why are you still staying here in the Killing Fields?” The tall and sturdy man asked.

“This is also a life or death battle, battles with extreme dangers.” Thunder God said.

“Wrong, completely wrong.” The tall and sturdy man laughed, smiling as he shook his head, “Looks like you three don’t have a teacher, or, your teacher’s level is very low.”

Luo Feng and his brothers listened carefully.

A domain lord level warrior speaking to the three of them, this was their good fortune.

“Do you know why your powers will rise greatly during life or death battles? Quick enlightenment? Fast evolution? Do you know the logic behind it?” The tall and sturdy man looked at the three, they shook their heads, this was something they truly didn’t yet fully know.

The tall and sturdy man sighed, “With life or death, there’s great fear!”

“With life or death, there’s unlimited motivation.”

“Just like facing a needle piercing towards your eye, one would unconditionally shut his eye as a reflex! Facing death and such dangers, the body’s every cell will unconditionally struggle, even the genes would race to evolve! The fear of life or death, will cause even the body’s soul, to reach a peak state that one normally wouldn’t be able to reach. Under these circumstances, man will easily gain enlightenment, evolve and grow stronger.”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God all held their breaths.

“This is a form of unconditioned reflex.”

“Or you could call it a life reflex!”

“In the face of death, life would unleash from its deepest depth the strongest form of struggle! Some people have trained hard for decades being unable to breakthrough, maybe from just one life or death experience, that could cause them to breakthrough.” The tall and sturdy man looked at the three, “There’s great fear in life or death situations, with limitless energy, this is why countless warriors risk their lives and battle in these situations!”

Luo Feng repeatedly muttered to himself: “There’s great fear in life or death situations, there’s limitless energy?”

Hong and Thunder God too were deep in thought.

“The strong!”

“The strong I’m talking about, are universe levels, domain lords, sector lords, and even the undying!” The tall and sturdy man emphasized, “Over 99% of them join the universe mercenary alliance, engaging in life or death missions.”

“The Battle-axe Colosseum, is incomparably brutal, every battle is life or death, there’s always one who dies! Such a place, yet it’s able to be so successful…that’s because engaging in such risky battles is the quickest way to evolve! The universe warriors, how many of them haven’t engaged in such a perilous journey to get so far?”

The man looked at the three of them, “That’s why, I was curious, why the three of you are wasting so much time within the Killing Fields.”

“Spending a few days once in awhile can be considered training.”

“However the battles and training, teacher effect etc within the Killing Fields, can never fully emulate the effect of a true life or death battle. That’s because…the slaughter space, the battle space, even if you die, you’ll be revived in an instant. This is the virtual universe, it can never fully let you feel the dangers of life or death, naturally, you’ll never achieve the full evolution effect.”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God all completely understood.

Why after so many days, experiencing so many bloody battles, especially within the slaughter space, the three had customized so many strong warriors, causing them to be extremely excited in their kills.

However…

The three’s body evolution efficiency was still the same as before.

Hong was still a star traveller level 9, Luo Feng and Thunder God’s bodies were still the same without any improvement. Maybe their skills and experience had improved, but their bodies and and foundations haven’t made too much progress.

“Right, there’s no real threat in the death in the virtual universe, people do not feel the sense of danger here. After all it’s a virtual world, there’s instant revival after death. There’s naturally no real fear, fluster, anger etc.” Luo Feng thought within, at the same time roaring in his mind, “Babata!”

“Why are you shouting at me?” From his consciousness, Babata said softly.

“Why didn’t you tell me all these, that spending long periods of time within the Killing Fields would be a waste of time!” Luo Feng raged.

“You cannot blame me! You already have the golden horned beast body, so you have no bottleneck to breakthrough, you can constantly improve until the pinnacle of the sector lords. Why go engage in life or death missions? Even though the evolution would be faster, but the risk of death is very high too. When your strength is higher, it wouldn’t be too late to go then.”

“I’m fine, but what about my older brothers?” Luo Feng asked.

“They? Huh, without the threat of life or death, the star level can be considered their peak.” Babata said.

“Their peak? Why didn’t you say so earlier?” Luo Feng only understood now that spending time in the Killing Fields was a waste of time for Hong and Thunder God.

“The mission the master gave me was to train and nurture you! And not to train and nurture Hong and Thunder God, when you get stronger, you can go on these life or death missions, I would remind you in the future, It’s not much loss to Hong and Thunder God. The training plan has always had you as it’s core.” Babata said it clearly and frankly.

When Luo Feng started feeling apologetic towards Hong and Thunder God.

“Life or death missions?” Hong and Thunder God’s eyes gleamed.

“No wonder I’ve been unable to breakthrough and reach the star level.” Hong said softly, “Life or death missions…yes, that’s the life that suits me.”

“I kept feeling there’s no thrill in the peaceful life, no strength or zest in my body, so it’s that way.” Thunder God’ eyes too lit up.

“Third brother, shall we get ready for an adventure?” Thunder God looked at Luo Feng.

At this time, the tall and sturdy man standing beside smiled, “Life or death missions are something every strong warrior has to experience! Breaking through each level, exceeding oneself, that’s the path of the strong. However before that…I have to remind you a little, the importance of the body’s foundation.”

“Different bloodlines have different evolution efficiencies.”

“Some evolve easily during life or death situations, some others have it much other even in the same situations.”

“Some races, when they reach maturity, they can reach star level, even universe level or even domain lord level.”

“This is the bloodline.”

“Look at this list, it separates the human bloodline into 10 over different bloodlines, take a look, which of them do you three belong to, maybe I can help you evolve on the best path, taking a less windy road.” The tall and sturdy man smiled as he said, pointing towards the screen, a list appeared on the screen.


Chapter 323: An Earthling’s Bloodline Level

Luo Feng turned to look, Hong and Thunder God too couldn’t keep their eyes off it.

The human race within the universe is extremely vast, with over tens of millions of variety, however they are sorted into these 10 large groups.” The tall and sturdy man pointed at the screen and smiled, Luo Feng looked carefully, the list was extremely detailed.

Human 1st grade bloodline: Reaches Domain Lord at maturity, 1st grade.

Human 2nd grade bloodline: Reaches Universe level at maturity, 2nd grade.

……

The 3rd and 4th grade, both reaches the star level at maturity.

The 5th and 6th grade both reaches the star traveller at maturity.

The 7th and 8th grade both reaches the student level at maturity.

The 9th and 10th grade, don’t reach anything at maturity. However according to the training and aptitude, the probability of a warrior appearing within the races, was sorted into the 9th and 10th grade.

“Which blood grade are you all in?” The tall and sturdy man said.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God exchanged glances, according to the list, the bloodline of earth’s humans were considered the 9th grade, after all up till now, majority of of the matured humans didn’t even reach anything. However…according to Luo Feng’s plan, with a large amount of Purple light drink being distributed, they believed in about a 100 years, the humans of earth would be able to reach the 8th grade.

“9th grade.” Luo Feng looked at the tall and sturdy man.

“9th grade?” The tall and sturdy man looked shocked at Luo Feng, before turning to glance over at Hong and Thunder God, disbelieving.

“Yes, 9th grade.” Hong said too.

“So what if we are the 9th grade? We can still breakthrough on our own!” Thunder God said.

The tall and sturdy man laughed, his laughter was thick while carefree and relaxed, continuous: “I don’t mean that, I was just very shocked. A race of the 9th grade, to be able to produce 2 star level 1s, along with a star traveller level 9, this…is very rare, very rare indeed.”

The 9th bloodline grade, meant that the foundation was very low, it was very difficult to reach higher.

“I really respect you all.” The tall and sturdy man said, “And I’d like to congratulate you all.”

“Congratulate?” Luo Feng and the others were suspicious.

“Yes, your blood grade is indeed lower, this has made it so that your breaking through is exceptionally tough, much tougher than the higher grade bloodlines! However similarly…if you all use ‘evolution catalysts’ to alter and evolve your bloodline, they also work better and are more effective in improving your bloodlines.” The tall and sturdy man said.

“Evolution catalysts? Bloodline evolution catalysts?” A shocked voice resounded within Luo Feng’s mind.

“Babata, why are you so shocked?” Luo Feng communicated telepathically.

“Luo Feng, this person talking to you, definitely comes from an enormous power! ‘Bloodline catalysts’ are definitely considered the top grade goods within the universe, without a certain amount of position, there wouldn’t even be a pathway to buy them. Unless one spends thousands to tens of thousands of dollars to force a pathway, only through that can one probably buy 1 portion of these catalysts.” Babata said, “Think of a way to get the bloodline catalyst from him, it’s definitely a top grade item.”

……

“Bloodline catalyst, what do they do?” Hong asked.

“Our training, isn’t that an evolution in life itself?” Thunder God looked at the sturdy man in front of him with confusion.

The tall and sturdy man smiled, “Let me put it to you this way, normal people’s training process is like constructing a building! The bloodline is the building’s foundation. When the bloodline is weak, it means the foundation is weak! Humans with weak bloodlines, training is akin to building a skyscraper constantly on the weak foundation, as it gets higher and higher, one naturally has to keep strengthening that foundation to allow it to get higher.”

“However the higher the skyscraper gets, the more troublesome strengthening the foundation gets.”

“And the ones with stronger bloodlines, their foundations are much stronger, they can easily build up to a hundred levels, immediately reaching the domain lord, not even having the dangers of the barriers.”

“Bloodline evolution catalyst…its usage is to alter one’s bloodline, akin to improving on your foundation, from a poor foundation, rising quickly to the mid level foundation, this will allow your construction of the skyscraper to be much easier. Do you understand?” The tall and sturdy man smiled.

Luo Feng, Thunder God and Hong understood fully.

“Bloodline evolution catalysts are incapable of adding to your strength by itself, however it can make your training in the future much faster and easier.” The tall and sturdy man smiled as he said, “Of course these catalysts, are completely unable to be bought at any surface shops or places. This is because the cost for producing these catalysts are extremely high, they are low in quantity hence they are definitely not sold externally. Unless one is willing to fork out an exorbitant price would they be able to get maybe one portion.”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God weren’t stupid.

A strong warrior who was at least a domain lord speaking so much to them, even bringing up the bloodline catalysts…

“You have to know, just who actually researched and produced the bloodline catalysts?” The tall and sturdy man said.

“No idea.”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God shook their heads.

“The virtual universe company.” The tall and sturdy man said directly, “The humans within the entire universe with the most advanced technology, the virtual universe company! This evolution catalyst was something that they had researched and produced.

“The virtual universe company?” Luo Feng understood.

The network of the virtual universe company was able to allow an unlimited number of people within the vast universe to immediately enter the network and communicate with their friends, what level of technology was this? Also the most shocking thing was…the virtual universe network worked not just within the normal universe, it worked even within the dark universe, extremely shocking.

The network could even be maintained during universe travel.

What level of technology was this?

It was totally incomprehensible!

It was a profound mystery!

“Haha, I haven’t introduced myself.” The tall and sturdy man smiled, I am from the virtual universe company, stationed at the Black Dragon Mountain empire department, one of the external departments, you can call me Mr. Ming Yu, or Lord Ming Yu, whichever is fine.”

“Lord Ming Yu.”

Luo Feng and the others took bow, Luo Feng felt extreme shock within.

My God…

What Babata said was indeed accurate, this tall and sturdy man indeed came from a huge power! The virtual universe company, this was one of the 5 great leviathans from the human race within the universe, stronger than even the Ganwu universe country by many times! Even the master of the Yun Mo Planet would be considered only an ant facing the virtual universe company.

After all, the master of the Yun Mo Planet didn’t even dare mess with the Ganwu universe country.”

And the virtual universe company, owned and covered large amounts of universe countries.

Such level of strength and power!

Even a department within the Black Dragon Mountain empire, an external department, had at least a domain lord! How powerful, it made others tremble!

“So Lord Ming Yu actually comes from the virtual universe company.” Thunder God complimented.

The tall and sturdy Ming Yu smiled.

He too felt somewhat proud about this fact, it was natural, a person from one of the 5 great Leviathans would naturally feel a sense of superiority!

“This evolution catalyst is something our virtual universe company produced.” The tall and sturdy Ming Yu smiled, “However, with these level of goods, there are very few ways of getting access to them outside, even if you have the ability to buy them outside, the price would be terrifying and exorbitant. However if one joins the virtual universe company, to its own internal members…especially to the elites, they could even give it for free to them.”

“Free?”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were taken aback.

Rich and imposing, this virtual universe company was indeed rich and imposing. It was natural, after all who could compare wealth with the virtual universe company? For example, the killing fields’ slaughter space, a domain lord level 1 spirit reader would have a daily rate of 3.5 billion Ganwu dollars. Just how shocking would the entire wealth of the virtual universe company be?

One didn’t even dare to imagine.

Even the master of the Yun Mo Planet probably wouldn’t even compare to their one strand of leg hair.

“Right, sponsored!”

The tall and sturdy Ming Yu looked at Luo Feng and the others, his eyes gleaming, “Our virtual universe company have been collecting elites from many universe countries, and you 3, definitely count as geniuses. You…your consciousness level is extremely high, star level 1, and your battle ability amplifier exceeds 36 already?”

Luo Feng blushed with shame, the reason why his consciousness was that strong was due to the golden horned beast.

“You are not bad too, star level 1 with your own domain.” The tall and sturdy Ming Yu looked at Thunder God.

“You 2, can be considered level 3 elites.” The tall and sturdy Ming Yu finally looked at Hong, eyes gleaming, “Of course the most powerful would be you…star traveller level 9, not only have your own domain, but already a 3 layer domain. It’s too, too…your comprehension ability is too shocking. You can already be deemed as a level 1 elite, the seed elite”

Luo Feng was speechless.

Relying on the strong consciousness of the golden horned beast, he was deemed as a level 3 elite.

“Before, I arranged for 2 of my people to battle you all.” The tall and sturdy man pointed at the screen, 3 different images appeared on the screen, depicting the white robed fighter and the white robed youth.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were totally unfazed by the footage.

They had already guessed that the 2 powerful warriors could have been arranged by the man before them.

“She, belongs to the ‘special elites’ of our virtual universe company, and he, is a level 2 elite.” The tall and sturdy man explained.

“Special elites?”

Luo Feng and Thunder God stared at the white robed female fighter in the screen, even the star traveller level 9 with a 3 layer domain Hong was only deemed as a level 1 elite. And the female fighter before them was actually deemed as a special elite, no wonder the female fighter could so easily beat both Luo Feng and Thunder God.

“The universe is vast. The Black Dragon Mountain empire, such a big empire, its planets are too many to count.”

“Naturally there will be many geniuses.”

“The seeds that our company cultivates are separated into the special elite, levels 1, 2, and 3. However this is only within the Black Dragon Mountain department! If it were the main company headquarters, their grading is even more strict and rigorous.” The tall and sturdy Ming Yu said, these words made the Luo Feng and Thunder God totally dumbfounded.

In the Black Dragon Mountain department, the 2 of them were right at the bottom?

“Don’t be discouraged, to be able to be deemed as geniuses by our company, even if one is the lowest level 3 elite, amongst the fighters and spirit readers, that is still the cream of the crop.” The tall and sturdy Ming Yu consoled them, “As long as you are all willing to join the Black Dragon Mountain department, oh right, I still don’t know your names.”

“Luo Feng.”

“Hong.”

“Thunder God.”

The 3 didn’t even hesitate; they didn’t have any apprehension about giving their names. To such a huge power like the virtual universe company, they probably had their data a long time ago.

“Luo Feng and Thunder God, the moment you 2 join, you’ll be sponsored one portion of bloodline evolution catalyst, and you Hong, you’ll be receiving one S grade bloodline evolution catalyst portion.” The tall and sturdy Ming Yu looked at the 3 of them, Are the 3 of you willing to join our virtual universe company?”


Chapter 324: Leaving Earth

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God exchanged glances.

“Lord Ming Yu, I would like to ask.” Hong looked at the tall and sturdy man, “If we joined the Virtual Universe Network company, what would we need to do, what missions are there?”

“In the early stages, since your powers are weak, the company will nurture you. Hence the management will be very strict! You will have to strictly adhere to the company’s orders in training, taking on life or death exams etc, however, as your power rises, your rights and privileges will constantly increase. At Universe level, Domain Lord, Sector Lord, the stronger you get, you only need to act at crucial and critical times.” Ming Yu replied directly.

Luo Feng and the others hesitated.

Under strict management?

Hong and Thunder God, they were both founders of dojos, how could they be managed and be under strict management?

“When our powers are weak, during the nurturing time, are we unable to move on our own?” Hong asked.

Luo Feng and Thunder God looked at the tall and sturdy man before them.

“You’ll have holidays, fixed holidays.” The tall and sturdy man emphasized, “The nurturing period when your powers are weak has very strict supervision, this point you all have to understand! Holidays? With the Virtual Universe Network, you can still meet with your loved ones and chat, so the holidays don’t really mean much.”

Hong, Thunder God and Luo Feng exchanged glances and shook their heads.

They couldn’t accept this!

The nurturing period? Maybe the entire Star levels were deemed as the nurturing period for the Virtual Universe Network company, this could be a hundred years or more of strict management. Luo Feng and the other two couldn’t accept this.

“Hm?” The external department Ming Yu creased his eyebrows, sighing within.

They can’t take the strict management!

He had frequently encountered such incidents, as the external department that frequently invited geniuses to join their Virtual Universe Network company. However since they were geniuses, they’d long have powers that tried to entice them, these geniuses were all generally untamed, who would be unwilling to subject themselves to long periods of strict supervision, hence the rejection rate was high.

However…

The important internal people who the Virtual Universe Network Company cultivated had to pass very strict supervision and a tedious process.

“We are unable to accept.” Hong said.

“Oh, of course…” Ming Yu smiled, “What I mentioned earlier was the internal members, our Virtual Universe Network company is separated into internal and external, there are many privileges to being an internal member, but the supervision is stricter. The external members however are much more lax, but their privileges are much smaller. They are far from the internal members.”

“Like me for example, an external department person.” Ming Yu smiled, “If you become external members, even though you’ll be unable to receive evolution catalysts, but you’ll still might be able use money to buy them. Buying your first portion and you’ll even get it at a lower price. Buying the second portion will be much more costly, a normal external member may buy up to three portions.”

“How much?” Luo Feng asked.

“Bloodline evolution catalysts, buying the first portion, is priced at 100 million Ganwu dollars. If it’s the second portion, it would cost 1 billion Ganwu dollars.” Ming Yu said, “Bloodline catalysts are very rarely circulated outside, only one with incredible luck and skill will be able to get one outside, and the prices would be extremely absurd. At the same time, the Virtual Universe Network company very strictly forbids you all from selling them outside, if you were ever discovered to be peddling them outside secretly…”

“Death!” Ming Yu said casually.

Luo Feng immediately gave up on the thought of selling it outside.

“These are some rules regarding joining our Virtual Universe Network company, take a look, if you can accept them.” The tall and sturdy Ming Yu pointed at the screen, on it appeared a large amount of rules and regulations.

……

Five minutes later.

“Welcome to our Virtual Universe Network company, right now you are all external members of our Virtual Universe Network company Black Dragon Mountain Empire department, currently under my jurisdiction, drop me a mail if you have any matters.” The tall and sturdy Ming Yu smiled.

“Yes Lord Ming Yu.”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God bowed slightly.

Leaving the Killing Fields, returning to their house, 9 star bay on Black Dragon Mountain Island.

“Being an external member is extremely lax.”

“They actually allow us to join a few other normal organizations, even allowing us to join things like the Ganwu Dojo, it’s really unbelievable.” Thunder God walked along the pebble road by the lake side, exclaiming surprised, “It only forbids us from joining the Battle-axe Colosseum and other powers that exceed the Empire’s power.”

The Virtual Universe Network company’s military department was separated into internal and external.

The internal group was the most loyal and dependable, and they were also forbidden by the Virtual Universe Network company’s most important departments from joining any other powers.

The external group was much more lax.

For example, if a Sector Lord from the Ganwu Dojo were to be invited by the company, they could just leave their names in the external department. The moment an important battle or matter arises, they can let their external members go battle! Usually there weren’t many limits on the external members, just as long as they don’t join any similarly leveled super powers.

“The Virtual Universe Network company, doesn’t even bother to notice the Ganwu Dojo.” Luo Feng laughed.

“Haha, joining the Virtual Universe Network company, Luo Feng, I still thought of you borrowing some of the Ganwu Dojo’s strength in the future, however since you are part of the Virtual Universe Network company’s external department, with a high enough position, that’s even better.” Babata was very excited.

“Big brother, second brother, do you have enough money to buy the evolution catalyst?” Luo Feng asked.

“Enough.”

“It’s still plenty.” Hong and Thunder God said.

Luo Feng felt helpless within, the main thing was that his money worried him at the moment, because he was using the 89 times efficiency metal groupings, madly swallowing to evolve his internal world…believing that it wouldn’t even take a year for him to breakthrough to the Universe level. A Universe level Golden Horned Beast, the price of the metal it required, that was hundreds to even thousands of times more absurd.

Calculating his own money, he definitely didn’t have enough!

“My teacher back then, probably never would have thought that his next disciple would have a Golden Horned Beast body, a Golden Horned Beast…is really a black hole for money.” Luo feng thought within.

“Third brother, after we finish out matters with the external department, I’ve decided to go sign up at the Universe Mercenary Alliance.” Hong’s eyes gleamed, “Even though I’m currently still unable to take the probation examinations, however…I can’t take it anymore.”

“Me too!” Thunder God licked his lips, eyes gleaming with sense of wilderness, “Dancing with blades in life or death situations, that’s what I call an exciting life.”

“You two…” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Third brother, will you go too?” Hong asked.

“Let’s go together no?” Thunder God too looked at Luo Feng.

The fighters of Earth, how many of them were gutless?

“Go, of course we’ll go together!” Luo Feng said.

“Haha…” Thunder God laughed loudly.

“Brother.” Hong too patted Luo Feng’s shoulder.

Luo Feng looked at his two older brothers who seemed to have a new flame ignited within them, thinking within: “Risks? Yes, I too want to take risks, the feeling of dancing with blades in the face of life and death, that was indeed a glorious feeling!” Back then in the wilderness, gambling his life in death battles with the beasts, that feeling was indeed heart stopping.

“If big brother and second brother really encounter an unavoidable danger, I can release my Golden Horned Beast body and save them!” Luo Feng thought within.

The Golden Horned Beast’s existence had to be kept secret.

However if they met with an unavoidable danger, he would of course have to unleash it!

Within the hall of the Killing Fields.

An incomparably elderly green skinned old man sat in the corner, carrying a glass of water, lifting his wrinkled forehead, looking at his surroundings with his muddy eyes. He, was the main manager of the Black Dragon Mountain Island’s Killing Fields…Man Luo, an elder with a renowned name around here.

At this time, the tall and sturdy Ming Yu swiftly walked over, walking directly to the green skinned old man.

“Lord.” Ming Yu said softly.

“How’d it go?” The green skinned old man’s muddy gaze looked at him.

Min Yu lowered his head respectfully, “The Lord guessed accurately, the three are unwilling to join the internal department, they’ve only joined the external department, also that Hong is indeed very powerful, Star Traveller level 9, three layer domain.”

“Three layer domain?” The green skinned old man’s eyes lit up, his originally muddy eyes seemed penetrating and clear suddenly, almost as though it held boundless amounts of knowledge, able to see right through a person’s soul, before this old man, the 2 star mercenary Ming Yu was incomparably respectful, and this was pure respect from within.

“Hm, very good.”

The green skinned old man smiled and nodded, his eyes reverted to its muddy state, “To be able to discover a level 1 elite, that’s not bad. After all special elites, this can be discovered but not sought. This level of genius cannot be forced, for them to join the external department is already not bad! We’ll let them expand on their own.”

“Yes.” Ming Yu said respectfully.

Whatever he did before, be it analyzing Luo Feng or the other two, and observing them for a month…these were all ordered by Lord Man Luo. Why would Ming Yu himself have such time to go observe Luo Feng and the other two for a whole month?

Earth.

The spring warmth bloomed, in China’s Yangzhou city, a C9 grade dark blue triangular universe ship floated over in the sky above the castle, this was a ship that Luo Feng and the others had just bought, spending 11 billion Black Dragon dollars, to Luo Feng and the others at the moment, this was indeed nothing at all.

After all the planet defense system alone, Luo Feng had spent about ten times more than the ship.

“Don’t cry, Daddy is just going out, and we can all meet in the virtual universe. Come, be good, give daddy a kiss.” Luo Feng stood half squatting in front of his two children, the two handsome and adorable boys gave Luo Feng and hard kiss each on the cheek, hugging him tightly, reluctant to let him go.

“Son.”

Luo Hong Guo patted Luo Feng’s shoulders, “I won’t say more, remember to mind your safety outside.”

“Oh, right, where’s Luo Hua?” Luo Feng looked around him.

Beside, Zhen Nan who had come to send him off said, “Luo Hua’s trading and investing these few days have been a very crucial time, right now it’s their time of dealings, he doesn’t dare to relax even a little. Hence, he told me to send you off and he said he’ll apologize again in the future in the Virtual Universe Network.”

“This kid.” Luo Feng shook his head and couldn’t help but laugh.

Luo Feng bid goodbye to his family, beside them were Hong’s family and Thunder God’s family, each coming to send them off.

After which, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God took two slaves into the universe ship.

“Hu!”

The dark blue triangular universe ship gradually rose into the sky, under the sights of the three families; it swiftly left the atmosphere, disappearing from their line of sight.


Chapter 325: Bloodline Evolution Catalyst

The universe ship travelled for about 8 hours within the dark universe, travelling through universes, reaching the Bailan Star about 118,000 light years away from Earth.

Bailan Star north region, the extreme cold district.

A dark blue C9 grade universe ship descended within the center of the warehouse base, right before the castle, the castle’s guards immediately stepped forward to welcome them.

“We’ll first stay at Bailan Star for 3 days, the Virtual Universe Network company requires about three days of time to send over the bloodline catalyst.” Luo Feng jumped straight out of the cabin door, standing on the snow covered ground, the sound of crunching and ice breaking resounded. Behind him, Hong and Thunder God also jumped down and walked beside him.

Luo Feng was dressed in a blood red battle uniform, his waist belt tied securely, his uniform’s tail swayed in the wind.

Thunder God was dressed in a white battle uniform while Hong was all black.

Luo Feng and Hong’s battle uniforms were both formed from the cloud contact vine’s transformation, only Thunder God’s was a specially bought level 2 raw energy uniform.

“That external department Ming Yu, actually exaggerated the bloodline catalyst like it’s godly and unbelievable, who knows whether it’s the truth or not.” Thunder God muttered, “Even in the Virtual Universe Network, we couldn’t even research any news about the bloodline catalysts.”

“That’s just because your permissions aren’t high enough.” Luo Feng laughed, “Researching data in the Virtual Universe Network, using my normal status, I cannot search for anything important, nothing secret, everything is public news and easy. However some higher level data…requires a high enough permission to actually gain access to.”

“Tsk, levels everywhere.” Thunder God shook his head.

“What place doesn’t have levels? There’s rich and the poor, the people in power and the average.” Hong also laughed.

On the third night of their arrival on Bailan Star, evening.

Due to the pure white snow covering the land and reflecting, the sky still seemed rather bright, a dark grey disc shaped universe ship didn’t even land within the planet’s docking bay, instead flying directly to Luo Feng’s warehouse base. This ship had a huge Virtual Universe Network logo to represent its status.

Rumble.

The ship stopped.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God stood on the snowy ground, raising their heads anxiously looking at the ship.

“Hua…”The cabin door opened, three members dressed in black battle uniform, led by a lady carrying a briefcase, with the other two by her side, flew over from the cabin door and landed before Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God.

The leading lady wore dark sunglasses, looking at Luo Feng and the others, numbers flitted past her lenses, data that only she could see.

“Identification confirmed, we can proceed with the deal.”

“Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god, these are your bloodline evolution catalysts.” The pale skinned, cold expressionless lady immediately opened the briefcase, within it were 3 colorful glowing long syringes with colorful liquids, ‘clunk’, she closed the briefcase and brought it before Luo Feng and the others.

“Thanks.” Luo Feng raised his hand and received it.

The three, men and lady turned immediately and flew into the universe ship, within a few seconds, the ship had risen up and flown through the atmosphere, leaving Bailan Star.

“Bloodline evolution catalyst.” Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God looked at the briefcase within their hands.

“Go, let’s enter.” Luo Feng shouted.

“Haha, we can’t wait anymore.” Thunder God’s eyes gleamed.

Luo Feng and the other two took out one portion each, entering their separate private training rooms.

“Bloodline evolution catalyst.” Luo Feng looked at the long syringe like object with the color glowing liquid within, this liquid was exquisitely beautiful, earth shaking beauty, “Let’s begin!”

Without hesitation.

He took of the cap of the needle and inserted it into his skin, gradually pushing it in. The colorful liquid within began to slowly seep into Luo Feng’s body, just like aggressive cancer cells, madly swallowing every cell within his body, there was an unbelievable hacking and slicing pain within his mind.

“Damn!” Luo Feng bit down and cursed, immediately curling into a ball on the ground.

Gritting his teeth hard, shouting out, he bit so hard that fresh blood flowed from the sides of his lips.

“It hurts so bad.”

“Luo Feng, bear with it, this thing changes your bloodline, changing it from the absolute deepest regions, it’s indeed extremely painful. Bear with it, it’ll be over soon.” Babata consoled him.

“How long more?” Luo Feng felt like his consciousness was at war.

“Very quickly, not even an hour.” Babata said.

“An hour?” Luo Feng could only bite as hard as he could.

No matter the pain, he still had to bear with it. Luo Feng didn’t hear any cries of pain from the two rooms beside, obviously Hong and Thunder God were also fighting hard to bear with the immense pain.

“Argh, ouch!” Luo Feng’s nose let out a low cry of pain.

And within his body.

Luo Feng’s every cell seemed to be at war, whether it was the cells in the muscles, bones, etc, they were all battling. Human bloodline evolution, according to logic, this was a long arduous gradual process, and the bloodline catalyst, was something the Virtual Universe Network company had researched and produced, speeding up this absolute evolution process.

Every portion’s cost was extremely high.

Within the training room.

Luo Feng sprawled across the floor, his clothes wet and sticking to his body, revealing his incredibly built physique, he was lying there absolutely tired and not moving at all.

“So exhausting.”

“It’s too exhausting.”

“My entire body is gone, I don’t even want to move a finger right now.” Luo Feng told Babata within his mind, “however, there’s a very comfortable feeling within my bones, it’s really really comfortable.”

“The process of the bloodline evolution is of course painful, and after the evolution, you’d naturally feel incredibly comfortable. This sort of process uses up a large amount of your life force, you’d better faster go use Mu Ya crystals, they store a large amount of life force, treasures that can spur your life evolution. If you use it now, it’d be the best.” Babata said.

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Inform my big and second brother to use the Mu Ya crystals too.” Luo Feng ordered, Babata informed them through their communication devices.

Within Bailan Star.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were immersed in their training, the amount stored within one Mu Ya crystal was shocking. Usually Luo Feng would spend some time everyday to absorb it, causing his body to be totally full. Today however, after experiencing the big bloodline evolution, his starving body was madly absorbing the energy from the Mu Ya crystal.

“It’s incomparably splendid.”

Luo Feng sat crossed legged, holding a Mu Ya crystal in his hand.

Large amounts of life force energy were being madly absorbed by his body, every cell that had just undergone tremendous change was madly devouring this energy, they were ravished! Every bit of energy that just entered his body was immediately swallowed, this process carried on continuously.

About 23 hours passed, an entire Mu Ya crystal had been completely absorbed. Luo Feng took out another Mu Ya crystal!

The process of absorbing a crystal was also a step in Luo feng’s body’s evolution, with his body constantly growing and evolving, naturally, the amount of spirit energy his can take also grew, with large amounts of pure spirit energy flowing from his life’s core straight into his consciousness, the amount of spirit energy in his consciousness increased more and more.

“Rumble…”

Blood red spirit energy rushed about like a tidal wave, raging within, before madly gathering, forming a large blood ball, constantly expanding and contracting, it seemed almost as though the entire world only had this one red ball, following its final contraction, his entire consciousness rumbled, a glaring miniature glowing planet formed.

Along with the original miniature planet.

Within his consciousness, the new planet revolved around the older planet, the older planet also rotated slowly, forming a two planet construct.

“Chi chi…” Extremely pure spirit energy was purified through passing through the core of these two planets, almost like a mist permeating throughout his entire existence, at the same time the Void Pagoda also began to change.

Star level 2!

Luo Feng’s body had already broken through from the Star Traveller level 7 to 8. His spirit reader side had stepped into the Star level 2.

One day later.

Luo Feng stepped on the Soaring Shuttle, becoming a beam of light, swiftly flying through the extreme cold regions of the Bailan Star’s northern regions. The terrifying speed caused the solid snow below to burst open, forming a deep gorge path. A frozen snow mountain was pierced by a golden swordfish madly going through it, finally it exploded from within, large amounts of snow and ice scattering about.

“Thrilling.” Luo Feng stood in mid air, looking at the snow mountain crumble, extremely carefree.

“Third brother.”

“Third brother.”

Two voices resounded from the distance.

“Coming.” The Soaring Shuttle below Luo Feng’s feet became a beam of light and swiftly headed in the direction of the voices In the distance, standing on the snow were two men, one in black and the other in white, it was Hong and Thunder God. The current Hong and Thunder God were in high spirits, when they used the bloodline catalyst before, Luo Feng had reminded them to use the Mu Ya crystals, naturally they used it immediately.

Its effectiveness was the best at that time.

Hong actually broke through and reached the Star level 1.

And Thunder God’s level also raised and reached Star level 2! However…this sort of chance might not happen again, the effectiveness of the bloodline catalyst works the best the first time, using it after may not produce any results at all. However, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were already satisfied, after all, the most important effect of the bloodline catalyst was…

Making their evolution path in the future easier and faster!

“Third brother.” Hong smiled as he looked at Luo Feng.

“Hm?” Luo Feng descended and landed on the snowy ground.

“Third brother, Big brother and I were thinking…of going to apply for the Universe Probation Mercenary Exams, what do you think?” Thunder God looked at Luo Feng.

“The Universe Probation Mercenary Exams?” Luo Feng was shocked.

That was right, big brother was already in the Star level 1 now, he could take the Universe probation mercenary exams.

This exam, was the entrance exam into the Universe Mercenary Alliance, back then their good brothers Heruo and Buleimu also went to take part in it, this entrance exam was for the sole sake of eliminating those unsuited for the life of danger!

The elimination method…many die. Those who were lucky got to keep their little lives.

Hence, this probation mercenary exam had a high death rate, it was renowned for that.

“Universe Probation Mercenary Exams?” Luo Feng repeated.

“What do you think?” Hong and Thunder God looked at Luo Feng.

“When are you thinking of leaving?” Luo Feng asked.

“Of course the earlier the better!” Thunder God couldn’t help but say. “Naturally, we have things to attend to first, we first have to check in the Virtual Universe Network about the exam itself and the things we should pay attention to.”


Chapter 326: To Cang Lan Star

Virtual Universe, Black Dragon Mountain Island’s Nine Star Bay.

Luo Feng, Hong, and Thunder God were sitting around a table and facing a display. There was a large amount of information for those wanting to take the Universe Mercenary rainee test.

“The Universe Mercenary trainee test are all taken in the ‘Sector Lord’s World’?”

“Inside the world of a Sector Lord, besides the dangers naturally found within, the biggest danger are the other members taking the test? Robberies and murders can happen at any time, and people can steal away your item objectives?” as Luo Feng read the caution, he frowned.

“If a rookie Star level 2 or 3 stage is participating in the trainee test, you should find Star level 8 or 9 stage warriors to form a squad! That way, you at least can defend yourselves against those wanting to steal from you.”

“No matter what, do not directly enter with just Star Traveller level 1 and 2 stages. Even if you get lucky and find the items you need, they’ll just get stolen away”

…..

After Luo Feng, Hong, and Thunder God finished reading, they all exchanged glances and were speechless.

“So the most dangerous thing in the exam are the other participants” Thunder God shook his head helplessly.

“You can never predict the nature of others” said Hong seriously.

“Thankfully we have two servants” even though Luo Feng felt a bit of pressure, he wasn’t too nervous. Because when he departed, Luo Feng brought two Star level 9 stage slaves with him just in case they run into some trouble. Keep in mind he bought a bunch of Star level 9 stage slaves.

Out of these two, one of them is a spirit reader while the other is a fighter.

And these two are the most outstanding ones!

Luo Feng passed on his secret training methods of the Yun Mo sect to these group of Star level 9 stages. Since they are slaves….. there is naturally no need to worry about betrayal, which was why Babata didn’t stop it.

“Form a squad with Star level 8 or 9 stages?” Thunder God laughed, “Haha, thankfully we have two great helpers”

“Yes, so we don’t need to find other people anymore” Hong also smiled.

Forming a squad.

This wasn’t protected by law, so you couldn’t completely trust your squad members. Making sure you don’t get backstabbed is a very tiring thing! Luo Feng and the other two were lucky to have two Star level 9 stage slaves. This way, they can form a squad of five and have excellent teamwork.

In the vast universe.

Those of the same race or origin usually have deep connections. After all, there are countless amounts of species in the universe, and an even larger amount of planets.

“Daddy, daddy, what are you looking at?” the young boy ‘Luo Hua’ jumped over in his battle uniform.

“Daddy is busy, come, give me a kiss” Luo Feng smiled as he ran over and picked up his son.

That night, Luo Feng and the others took a spaceship and left Bai Lan star.

You must do the paperwork for the adventurer status in real life at the ‘Universe Mercenary Alliance’. Only with your adventurer status can you undergo the trainee test. Luo Feng and the others’ destination is ‘Dragon Star’.

…..

Ten days later.

The Universe Mercenary Alliance station at Dragon Star basically looked like a castle. Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God, and the two Star level 9 stage bodyguards entered within.

“There’s so many people” exclaimed Luo Feng.

“It’s like a sea of people” Thunder God was dazzled.

Large numbers of people entered the Universe Mercenary Alliance building, and over 80% of them were here to sign up for their adventurer status! Luo Feng and the others were also in the sea of people. They lined up with all sorts of other human species and finally finished their paperwork for the adventurer status after about an hour.

“Adventurer card, this is an adventurer card?” Thunder God looked at the card in his hand.

“Don’t lose it, it’s quite a pain to get it” laughed Luo Feng, “Go, let’s go sign up for the Universe Mercenary trainee test”.

There were a lot of people signing up for an adventurer status.

But there weren’t a lot of people signing up for the universe mercenary trainee test. Luo Feng and the others didn’t even need to line up.

“Star level 2 stage spirit reader, Star level 2 stage fighter, Star level 1 stage fighter, Star level 9 stage fighter, Star level 9 stage spirit reader. All of you meet the requirements for the mercenary trainee test. Please pay 10,000 Black Dragon dollars per person”

“Very good”.

“The specifics of your test are in here. You can read them when you have the time”.

After having all five of their adventurer cards scanned, their numbers entered the ‘universe mercenary trainee test’ system and are eligible to participate in the test.

Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God and the others entered a bar to the side. After entering, they randomly ordered some drinks and immediately started reading about the exam.

“Enter the Sector Lord’s world in Cang Lan Star and find three wind corner stones and one horn from the horned iron rhino. After that, hand it to the Universe Mercenary Alliance workers at the exit of the Sector Lord’s world. After doing that, you will have successfully passed the test and will become a qualified mercenary trainee”.

The missions for the test themselves are naturally made for testing purposes.

This is not a regular adventure. These missions were made to disqualify large amounts of people.

“It definitely won’t be easy” mumbled Thunder God. And then he laughed, “Wind corner stone, horn from the horned iron rhino? Can’t people just buy them and then claim they got it themselves?”.

“Look here”

Luo Feng flipped to the sixth page of the test explanation book, “The wind corner stone is a special stone unique to that Sector Lord’s world and carries the essence of that world. And the horn of the horned iron rhino ‘beast’ inside that Sector Lord’s world have been marked by the Universe Mercenary Alliance’s workers….. every time a mission is completed, the testing items are taken back”.

“The Universe Mercenary Alliance is extremely strict about the items. Once someone is found cheating, they will directly lose their right to take the test forever. And for those who are selling the items, they are directly killed”.

…..

Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God, and the two bodyguards were discussing about the Universe Mercenary trainee test that was about to begin.

“Gentlemen”.

“Gentlemen” an extremely skinny man with huge ears came close with a huge smile, “Are the five of you preparing to participate in the universe mercenary trainee exam?”

“Hm?” Luo Feng and the others looked over.

“The mercenary trainee test within the area of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire is always held in the Sector Lord’s world on Cang Lan Star. I have here….. a detailed map of that world, and the records and experiences of many seniors who have completed the mercenary trainee exam” said the man quietly, “With this, your rates of success will increase by at least 10%”.

“Detailed map? Experiences?” Luo Feng looked at the skinny man.

“How much money?” asked Thunder God.

“Not a lot, 100 Black Dragon dollars per copy” replied the skinny man.

“What do you mean not a lot? 50 Black Dragon dollars for a copy” said Thunder God directly.

“Deal!” the skinny man was extremely direct.

…..

On Dragon Star, Luo Feng and the others purchased two more books on people’s experiences on the trainee exam. After comparing them, the maps were indeed exactly the same. And there were all types of ‘experiences’. But as they read and read, Luo Feng, Hong, and Thunder God were shocked that….. the Sector Lord’s world changes after a certain amount of time!

On Dragon Star, Luo Feng bought his bodyguards a stage two battle uniform and a stage two energy (spiritual) weapon. Maybe an extremely high quality stage two spirit weapon requires a few billion Black Dragon Dollars, but even his own weapon is a low quality stage three spirit weapon. So of course, the weapons of these two bodyguards are ‘medium quality stage two weapons’.

Stage two weapons, are enough for Star levels.

…..

After that, Luo Feng and the others rode on the spaceship and left Dragon Star as they headed towards the even more famous ‘Cang Lan Star’.

Cang Lan Star, one of the stars that can rank within the top 100 in terms of importance within the Black Dragon Mountain Empire. The master of this planet is a ‘Sector Lord’, of course….. this Sector Lord isn’t currently living on Cang Lan star.

“Ao Gu, Tie Nan He, from now on, you two are extremely important members of our squad. When someone tries to rob us, the three of us will have to rely on you two” within the spaceship’s control room, all five of them were there. Luo Feng was smiling as he looked at the two bodyguards in front of him, which were the two slaves he brought with him this time.

They had similar appearances to people on Earth.

Ao Gu, a Star level 9 stage spirit reader. He was extremely skinny and barely has any meat on his cheeks. His dark red hair was messy. He was the strongest spirit reader out of the various star level nine slaves Luo Feng purchased.

Tie Nan He, an energetic, large man. He had sunken eyes and the only difference between him and regular humans was that he had three scales on his forehead. He was the most powerful fighter within the Star level nine slaves Luo Feng purchased.

“Protecting our master is our purpose” said old Ao Gu.

“Master, don’t say it like that” followed Tie Nan He.

“Don’t be humble, our squad will be together for an extremely long amount of time. If our squad splits up in the future and you two are still alive, I’m still alive…… after going through so many life and death situations together, I’ll choose to deactivate your microchips and restore your freedom” said Luo Feng.

Ao Gu and Tie Nan He’s eyes flashed.

Freedom!

That is what every slave hopes for! However, under the control of the microchip, they have no way to go against their master’s will.

Luo Feng nodded to himself. Slaves won’t go against your will, but giving them something to strive for will make these two bodyguards work even harder….. Luo Feng also decided that once these two aren’t strong enough to be useful and the squad splits up, it would be normal to grant these two their freedom after going through so many life and death situations together.

“We’re almost at Cang Lan Star, our spaceship is right about to pass through space”

“Cang Lan Star” Ao Gu and Tie Nan He had a bit of desire in their eyes. They will work hard to protect Luo Feng with all they have.

Because once their master dies.

It’s over for them!

And their hope for freedom will also disappear. Not every master gives their slaves a chance to be free.

…..

After passing through space, the spaceship flew towards a blue planet with unrivaled beauty.

“What a beautiful planet, it’s almost as beautiful as ours” Luo Feng stood in the control room and complimented the faraway star.

“It is indeed beautiful” Thunder God also complimented, “However, it’s quite amazing. This Cang Lan Star has a diameter of around 32,000 km, and the ‘Sector Lord’s world’ hidden on Cang Lan star has a surface area of over 100 times that of Cang Lan star’s. Such a gigantic world, and I heard some Sector Lords at the peak of their level can hide it within a single grain of sand”.

“One grain of sand, one world, this is a powerful aspect of the sector lords” complimented Hong.

The worlds of Sector Lords are indeed mysterious.

And the universe mercenary trainee exam, will be in one of those worlds.

“Whoosh!”

The dark blue spaceship quickly flew into Cang Lan star.


Chapter 327: World of Thunder

Cang Lan Star, Luo Feng’s group’s spaceship just arrived and was guided towards the docking area.

“Now we can only rely on our own flight”.

“It’ll be fast. With our speed, we’ll arrive in a few minutes” Luo Feng smiled as he headed towards the flourishing city with the other four– Thunder City. Thunder City didn’t always have that name, it’s just that the world that the Sector Lord created was discovered in Thunder City.

And the Sector Lord’s world was famous for its thunder, so it was named ‘World of Thunder’.

“We’ve arrived at Thunder City”.

Luo Feng and the other four descended. In the city, flying cars could be seen all over the place. Many people could be seen flying by themselves too.

“The Universe Mercenary Alliance area is 30 km away in that direction” Thunder God lowered his head and looked at the map that appeared on the mini quantum computer, and then it pointed towards the south eastern direction that corresponded with this star’s magnetic field. After that, Luo Feng and the others swiftly headed towards the Universe Mercenary Alliance’s area….. the Sector Lord’s world was located in that area.

The Universe Mercenary Alliance area was also constructed after the discovery of the Sector Lord’s world.

Luo Feng and the other four entered the Universe Mercenary Alliance area.

“If you guys keep going this way, the villa on your way that is heavily surrounded is the World of Thunder” a worker at the area pointed towards the distance. This area was extremely empty, and yet a huge number of guards encircled the isolated buildings.

“World of Thunder?”.

“Villa?”.

The group looked towards the villa.

The worker smiled and laughed: “The great ‘Sector Lord’ that created the World of Thunder back then probably lived in Thunder City in seclusion. He purchased a villa and created the World of Thunder inside it. From the outside, who could tell that this villa contained a world that was even larger than the entire Cang Lan Star? However, after countless years, the villas around it have become rubble”.

“Oh?” Luo Feng nodded, and then smiled as he gave his thanks, “Thanks”.

“Let’s go” Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God, and the other two directly headed towards the villa in the distance.

The villa was securely guarded.

Suddenly–

The guards actually swiftly let out a path. A man with a ‘one star’ medal on his chest walked out and raised his head to look at the sky. The guards beside him were extremely respectful. It seems like this universe mercenary is some sort of leadership figure.

“What’s going on?” Luo Feng was a bit surprised.

“Look, a spaceship is flying towards here in the sky” Thunder God pointed towards the sky. Other than Luo Feng’s group, quite a few people who have arrived at the ‘Universe Mercenary Alliance area’ also raised their heads to look. From a distance, a spaceship appeared in the sky above them in virtually a flash. It hovered there without moving.

HUA! The hatch opened!

After that, around twenty young men and women appearing to be of various races came out.

“Mr. Jia Ya” the universe mercenary came forward.

Out of the twenty young men and women that flew down, one of them was an extremely handsome guy who was wearing a purple battle uniform set. On his chest hung a two star medal: “I’m just bringing some of my subordinates’ rookies to take the ‘trainee test’. A head like you didn’t have to come personally greet me”.

“Mr. Jia Ya saved me back then, how can I not appear when you come?” smiled the universe mercenary. After that, he looked at the group of young men and women, “These are the rookies from the Black Cloud Guild. Hm, they all seem quite good!”.

“Haha, there are a few good seedlings within this batch of rookies” smiled the purple shirted man as he nodded.

After that, the purple shirted man scanned across the group of young people as he ordered: “I won’t say anymore about the dangers of the Universe Mercenary trainee exam. I just hope….. that I will be able to see you guys at the Black Cloud Guild. All of you hurry into the Sector Lord’s world now”.

“Yes, chief instructor”.

The group of young people respectfully heeded the order.

After that, they naturally split into four squads, each squad had Star level 2 and 3 stages, and also had Star level 8 and 9 stages. The four squads swiftly entered the villa. The villa wasn’t even that big….. but it seemed like the twenty people entered a bottomless hole.

…..

The purple shirted man seemed like a venomous snake to regular people; he naturally made people feel fear.

Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God, and the other two didn’t dare to approach at such a time, and just stayed in the crowd in the distance.

“The Black Cloud Guild? What is this Black Cloud Guild they were talking about?” sounds of discussions carried around the surrounding crowd.

“What’s the Black Cloud Guild?” Luo Feng also looked towards Hong and Thunder God.

“Don’t know”.

“Master, we don’t know either” Ao Gu and Tie Nan He both shook their heads.

Suddenly, the sounds of discussions to the side attracted Luo Feng’s group’s attention: “This Black Cloud Guild is one of the four large organizations of our Black Dragon Mountain Empire. Our Black Dragon Mountain Empire controls the entire Black Dragon Mountain region, which contains about 8,000 galaxies! Of course, the most powerful organizations are the two large sacred lands. Below them are the four large organizations and the sixteen large families”.

“What are the two sacred lands?”.

“You don’t even know that?”.

“The two sacred lands are ‘Black Dragon Mountain’ and ‘Holy Sea of Frost’. It has been said that ‘Undying Beings’ were the ones that created the two sacred lands. They have quite a few Sector Lords in them too”.

“Each of the sixteen families have at least one ‘Sector Lord’. Sector Lords have the ability to destroy the skies and earth and to create their own world. Of course, either of the two sacred lands can easily destroy the sixteen families”.

“If Black Dragon Mountain, Holy Sea of Frost, and the sixteen families belong to the government, then the four large organizations are organizations belonging to the people….. they have been around tens of thousands of years. Some of their elders from back then have even entered the Ganwu Empire”.

…..

Luo Feng and the others were completely focused on the discussions around them.

So that was how the powers in the Black Dragon Mountain Empire were divided. The two sacred lands, the four large organizations, and the sixteen families.

“Luo Feng, here is some detailed information on the powers in the Black Dragon Mountain Empire” Babata’s voice sounded in Luo Feng’s mind. Suddenly, large amounts of information appeared on Luo Feng’s arm guard. While Luo Feng lowered his head to look at it, he sent the information to Hong, Thunder God, Ao Gu and Tie Nan He.

After looking closely, Luo Feng was shocked.

The root of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire were the two sacred lands, ‘Black Dragon Mountain’ and ‘Holy Sea of Frost’, the government’s strongest power!

And for the people were the four large organizations.

Their power spreads over a thousand galaxies, and each organization has a group of Sector Lord level fighters! In terms of power, they definitely cannot be underestimated. And the background behind the four large organizations even extend to the ultra powerful higher ups in the Ganwu Empire. So maybe the four large organizations aren’t as strict as the two sacred lands.

But in terms of fighting power, they are virtually equal.

“What? Nuolan Shan is part of ‘Hundred Tigers Building’ of the four large organizations?” Luo Feng was shocked. In the information Babata gave was some information about Nuolan Shan and the Hundred Tiger Building. After reading, Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief, “Phew, he’s only an extremely basic member of the Hundred Tiger Building and doesn’t have much authority”.

The four large organizations can definitely cause a huge commotion in the Black Dragon Mountain Empire.

If the Nuolan Shan family is a droplet of water, then any of the four large organizations are a limitless, raging sea! Because they are so powerful and have such a huge background, the Black Dragon Mountain Empire can only silently accept their existence.

“Noulan Shan has such a huge background?” Thunder God was shocked. At the same time, he used his genetic energy to form a soundproof barrier.

“He’s only a basic member in the Hundred Tigers Building, and not a high ranking authority” said Hong.

Hundred Tigers Building, one of the four large organizations. A Universe level 9 stage fighter is indeed a basic member.

“Three Axe Mountain, Hundred Tiger Building, Black Cloud Guild, North Dragon Castle are extremely powerful in the Black Dragon Mountain Empire” Luo Feng fantasized about him becoming a high ranking authority in one of those organizations. With one command of his, the entire Nuolan Shan family will directly become rubble and thousands of planets will surrender to him.

“WHAT ARE YOU FANTASIZING ABOUT!”

“Power is the most important thing. Once you become as powerful as your master, one word from you can make the entire Black Dragon Mountain Empire shake in fear” yelled Babata, “Who gives a shit about the sacred lands, your master had nine Undying Beings under him!”.

Luo Feng laughed.

In front of Yun Mo Planet’s master, the Black Dragon Mountain Empire had to lower their heads. But to Luo Feng….. the Black Dragon Mountain Empire was still a huge being.

…..

“We are here to participate in the Universe Mercenary trainee exam”.

Luo Feng and the others stood in front of the villa.

“Beep!”

A scanner scanned across Luo Feng’s group. Only after the guards heard the beep did they nod: “Enter!”. Clearly, the identity of Luo Feng’s group has just been verified.

A wide garden.

In the middle of the garden was a normal three story villa. In front of the door to the villa stood two black clothed women with cold expressions on. One of the black clothed women looked at Luo Feng’s group and said seriously: “Adventurers, I’m sure you all know about the dangers in the world of the Sector Lord. You can still back out now!”.

“No need, open the door” said Luo Feng.

Creak!

One of the black clothed women directly pushed open the door to the villa: “The world of the Sector Lord is on the second floor of the villa”.

Luo Feng’s group poured in the building and entered the main lobby. After that, they went up the stairs to the second floor. All of the rooms on the second floor were quite normal, except a woman with a purple mark in the shape of a flower stood in front of one of the room’s door. The woman saw Luo Feng’s group and directly pulled open the door. Instantly, flowing lights poured out of the room.

“This is–” Luo Feng’s group held their breath as they watched.

The flowing lights were like foam, so Luo Feng’s group couldn’t see into the room.

“Go in, this is the World of Thunder” said the woman coldly.

“Okay”

Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God, Ao Gu, and Tie Nan He exchanged glances, and then all of them extended their hands. All of them held hands, because if they don’t, they will all be transported to different locations in the World of Thunder.

“The World of Thunder!”

“Go, go in”.

Tie Nan He was the first one to enter the flowing lights, after that was Thunder God, Luo Feng, Hong, and then finally Ao Gu.

Without a sound.

The five of them entered the flowing lights and completely disappeared.

“PA!” the woman in front of the room closed the door once again.


Chapter 328: Entering The World of Thunder

The stars turned and time passed.

It was still sunny before outside the villa, incomparably crowded and bustling at the Universe Mercenary Alliance base. Within the blink of an eye, it became night!

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Tie Nan He, Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God and Ao Gu had just entered the World of thunder, immediately dropping at a shocking speed, the five quickly controlled their internal miniature planets to change their surrounding gravitational pull, but it was still too late! Following the sounds of five heavy crashes into the floor, Luo Feng and his group stood up from the ground.

“That hurt.” Luo Feng quickly stood up.

“This surface, is it covered with nails?” Thunder God too stood up.

The five stood up and began to survey their surroundings.

It was a pitch black world, only in the distant high sky was there a glimmer of light, the only thing that kept the world from being totally pitch dark. Below them, was an endless and vast black…desert!

“Desert?” Hong squatted down shocked.

“This is from the books we bought, the renowned Death Desert?”

“It is indeed a desert.”

Luo Feng picked up a handful of sand, the sand grains were a dark blue color, at first glance it looked black! Every grain was very heavy, it’s density was definitely at least a hundred times that of Earth’s iron, the grains even had a faint sense of magnetism, causing them to all stick together. When they fell earlier, all they left were little dents in the sand.

“The World of Thunder, its gravitational force is 3900 times that of Earth’s.” Hong emphasized, “Because the entire world is made from the energy of the universe which the Sector Lord used to create it, the entire world’s foundation is the ‘Universe Crystal’, it’s soil, sand, rocks, etc are all affected by the universe energy’s influence, much more special than those outside.”

“It’s indeed special, every grain is very heavy.” Luo Feng nodded.

“It’s indeed extravagant, to build such a big world, just how much universe energy is needed?” Thunder God couldn’t help but say.

Universe energy.

Once one reached the Sector Lord level, one would be able to unleash unbelievable energies, when these energies solidify, they become universe crystals. Universe crystals are actually classified as currency within the universe. This isn’t like the Silverblue dollars, the Black Dragon dollars or the Ganwu Dollars and even the currencies from other empires, but the universe energies solidifying to form!

Hence, it was usable in any universe country, between any race!

“The gravitational pull is too strong, even my spirit reading has been affected.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

“What’s your scanning area now?” Thunder God asked.

“Not even a thousandth of what I can do on Earth.” Luo Feng said.

A Star Traveller level 1 spirit reader, on Earth, can spread his spirit reading up to a 1km area. A Star level 1 can spread it over a 100km area. Yet…Luo Feng was a Star level 2 spirit reader, in the Sector Lord’s world where the gravitational pull was 3900 times of Earth’s, his area wasn’t even 100m.

“My spiritual force can’t even spread out to a radius of 1,000 meters” The old Ao Gu said.

“The Death Desert, is one of the World of Thunder’s most dangerous territories.” Hong said, “and right now it’s late night over here, I can’t pinpoint direction accurately. However the longer one stays in the Death Desert, the more dangerous it gets! We have to set off immediately, randomly choose a direction and proceed with the quickest of speeds.”

The Death Desert, one of the forbidden areas of the World of Thunder, even the wild beasts didn’t dare live here.

“Right, let’s quickly set off.” Thunder God added.

“Then this direction, let’s move.” Luo Feng randomly picked a direction.

Suddenly…

Luo Feng and his group floated up, despite the incredibly high gravitational pull, it wasn’t powerful enough to stop a Star level warrior from being able to fly. Of course…because of the strong pull, their flying speed was much slower than before.

……

After flying for 5 minutes.

Luo Feng and his group continued to swiftly fly through the death desert, suddenly, the team’s strongest spirit reader Ao Gu creased his eyebrows, “Master, something doesn’t feel right.”

“Doesn’t feel right?” Luo Feng looked at Ao Gu.

“Look behind us.” Thunder God shouted.

“Behind?”

Luo Feng, Hong, Tie Nan He and Ao Gu turned to look, it was a huge sandstorm that swallowed everything, a pitch black wall of sand moving towards them at a shocking speed. At the same time below the storm, there was a group of young men and women fleeing for their lives.

“It’s the death dust storm!” Ao Gu’s face went pale.

“It’s the death dust storm, quickly flee!” Thunder God also shouted.

“Quickly, quickly, quickly.” Hong was also flustered.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The five quickly fled with their greatest speed, and under the worry and anxiousness of Ao Gu, he grabbed on to the slowest flyers Hong and Thunder God and flew. Luo Feng stood on his Soaring Shuttle, flying at about the same speed as Ao Gu dragging along the other two.

Luo Feng and his group had bought a book that had recorded the dangers of the World of Thunder, the death dust storm was one of them. The death dust storm was one of the three great dangers of the Death Desert, it came without any warning without any pattern. It just came suddenly, engulfing both land and sky…it made it impossible for one to dodge or hide, many earlier generations with experience had warned the later generations…

Facing the death dust storm, drilling below the storm is suicide! Flying as high as possible is also suicide!

The only way was to race against it!

If the death dust storm disperses before it catches up to you, then you’ll live.

“We just entered this World of Thunder and we encounter the death dust storm, just what the hell is this?” Thunder God cursed, “Look, behind us, it looks like one of the four Black Cloud Guild groups from before that entered ahead us.” One of the four groups.

Luo Feng poured his spirit energy into his soaring shuttle, maintaining his maximum speed.

“Hm?” Luo Feng turned to look behind.

There was indeed a small team of young men and women being chased down madly by the huge wall of sand! Looking at their uniforms, they were indeed one of the four groups that had entered the World of Thunder just before Luo Feng and his group, a group from the Black Cloud Guild. There were a total of six of them madly trying to flee, four men and two women.

Flee! Madly fleeing!

The Death dust storm gradually grew closer and closer to the Black Cloud Guild group, the group’s last member was a thick and sturdy man with a single horn on his head, he roared out in rage.

“Chi chi…” The death dust storm finally touched this man, immediately engulfing him and twirling him into the storm.

Under the whirlwind of the universe energy infused sand grains, this man seemed to almost be like going through a meat grinder, the battle uniform he was wearing was immediately torn apart, large amounts of fresh blood and meat, bones were scattered all about.

“Ah!”

“Quickly escape.”

“Quickly.”

This little group from Black Cloud Guild’s other five members had malevolent expressions, in the face of death, they all exploded with their fastest speeds.

……

And in front of this little group, a few kilometers away was Luo Feng’s little team, they were all so shocked they began to move even faster.

“Quick, quick, quick, hurry and escape.”

“Don’t let the death dust storm catch up.”

“Damn, this death dust storm is too scary. It actually produced such a strong storm, I can guarantee, even those underground in the Death Desert would be affected by its powerful whirlwind force. No wonder the books said that even drilling underground would mean death.” Thunder God was extremely anxious, but seeing as there was nothing else to do, after all, he and Hong were both being carried by the spirit reader Ao Gu.

Ao Gu alone was carrying both of them, Luo Feng on his Soaring Shuttle and Tie Nan He flying alone.

Their speed was indeed quick.

……

Behind them, the Black Cloud Guild team lost another two slower members, and finally the death dust storm began to slowly slow down and descend, the sky reaching torrent began to lower, obviously this death dust storm was reaching its end.

“Phew, we’ve managed to escape one danger.” Luo Feng took a sigh of relief.

“Look, the Black Cloud Guild group is left with only three people. A Star level 9 spirit reader and two Star level 2 and 3 youths.” Thunder God looked at the three that were swiftly approaching them, amongst the three, a Star level 9 man was stepping on a round disc, carrying the two youths.

“Very normal.” Luo Feng too looked at the distant three people, “The Black Cloud Guild would have organized the teams, every little team will always have a star level 9, the Star level 9 member will play the job of a nanny, the ones who are really here to train and take the exam is the Star level 2 and 3 youths. These are the real later generation elites of the Black Cloud Guild.”

The three of them deliberately lengthened their distance from Luo Feng’s group and headed in another direction away from them.

This sudden death dust storm had caused their team some major losses, even though Luo Feng’s team hadn’t had any losses, they didn’t dare relax even a little.

After about another half an hour of flying.

“Master, there’s a large mountain range ahead.” Tie Nan He’s sunken eyes could see into the distance, spotting the unremarkable mountain range.

“We’ve discovered mountain ranges?”

Luo Feng and his group increased their speed, as said, a long continuous mountain range that exceeded one’s line of sight appeared before them. On this mountain range there were even large numbers of trees and plants, compared to the Death Desert, this mountain range seemed to be filled with vitality.

“It’s really a mountain range.” Hong lowered his head and looked at the quantum computer, saying, “second and third brother, according to the map, I think we should have reached Long Suo mountain range.”

“Long Suo mountain range?” Thunder God rushed into the sky, flying to a high point, carefully examining the outline of the mountain range, looking at some of its special points, before lowering his head to look at the quantum computer, “Hm, this should be the middle point between the Death Desert and the Long Suo mountain range, the distance from here to one of our destinations…Demon Moon River is about 16,000 km away.”

Demon Moon River was situated within the Long Suo mountain range.

It was a 100 km wide river. As there were large amounts and plentiful water sources, there were many species of ferocious beasts that gathered around the river, one of them was the ” Horned Iron Rhino”.

The horn of the Horned Iron Rhino was one of this test’s required items.

“Big brother, second brother, we have to be even more careful in this Long Suo mountain range. The elements are the dangerous part of the desert, but in this mountain range, with many mountains and trees and plants, there are ferocious beasts about and many other participants of the test! There are many incidents of killing between humans and the beasts along with the other participants here.” Luo Feng warned them.

“Understood.” Hong and Thunder God nodded.

In terms of danger, the Long Suo Mountain range was the true danger.

Of course…

Within the World of Thunder, Demon Moon River wasn’t the only place with the Horned Iron Rhino herd, there were other places about that had them. However, Demon Moon River was the closest location out of all the places.

“Be careful of humans, be careful of this Sector Lord world’s natural dangers, especially the lightning! If there are any signs of lightning, immediately distance yourself from wherever the lightning may hit.” Luo Feng remembered from the books they bought about the introduction of the place, the most treacherous and terrifying natural danger of the entire World of Thunder was…lightning!

This world was called the World of Thunder.

Mainly because the lightning of this world was too scary, far exceeding any other natural dangers! The moment one was struck, even a weaker Domain Lord would immediately be turned to dust. Star level? There was absolutely no chance of survival.


Chapter 329: The Horned Iron Rhino Herd

Long Suo Mountain range, danger was concealed everywhere.

“There are ferocious beasts 18km to the right.”

“3 o’clock direction, 19km ahead there are beasts.

……

Luo Feng calmly reported each and every figure, the entire little team was proceeding with shocking speed, this level of progress speed, was something a large majority of teams in the Long Suo mountain range couldn’t imagine! Because in this world of the Sector Lord, one’s spirit reading area was very small, and using spiritual force to search was easily detectable by the ferocious beasts. Hence usually, progress speeds were very slow.

Using one or two years to complete the Universe Mercenary trainee exams was very normal.

However, Luo Feng and his group moved extremely fast.

“Babata, your security search ability is indeed a lot more convenient.” Luo Feng complemented in his mind.

“This is something I took from the Yun Mo Planet ship, it won’t omit anything within an area with a 20,000 (m/km) diameter! Even Sector Lords cannot escape its search, much less these incomparably stupid beasts.” Babata was especially pleased with himself.

The mountain forest was especially hard to travel.

Luo Feng’s five man team was completely unable to fly, because flying within the Long Suo mountain rage…was akin to becoming a target for all the beasts! The beasts herds could look up and easily spot them, one had to know…these beasts could fly too. Then, with large numbers of herds and beasts surrounding and attacking, one wouldn’t even be able to escape.

Spending close to about two days of time, Luo Feng’s team finally arrived at Demon Moon River.

Demon Moon River.

It was a vast and endless river, surrounding it were large empty fields of land; a few trees were already smashed from having been trampled on, obviously a large number of beasts usually frequented the river’s surroundings.

“There are no beasts around.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

“We can’t do anything about it, we just have to slowly wait,” Thunder God laughed, “Waiting here would still be better than us rushing to the next spot that has the horned iron rhino herds.”

“Our luck is not bad, since coming to the Sector Lord’s World of Thunder, we haven’t had a true blood battle yet.” Hong was very relaxed, of course the main reason they haven’t had a battle was due to Luo Feng’s security surveillance device.

They slowly waited.

Within the World of Thunder, there were nine sun-like balls during the day, and it was pitch black at night, only having a faint thread of light leaking down from above. Within the Demon Moon River forests, they waited. During the first night, Luo Feng and the others discovered three huge lizard type ferocious beasts.

During the second day, they discovered three groups of beasts.

They even witnessed the terrifying scene of beasts fighting amongst themselves and killing each other.

During the sixth day, the nine balls of light floated high above in the World of Thunder.

Luo Feng and the other four patiently waited.

“We are hunters waiting for a rabbit? I never expected us to actually have to sit and wait.” Thunder God sat on a branch of a tree, occasionally looking into the distance.

“You come down, if the horned iron rhino comes, I’ll discover it immediately.” Luo Feng looked up and smiled, there was some stewed meat on the ground, these were all preserved very well, “Attention all!” Luo Feng’s expression grew serious, beside him lay the sleeping Hong, along with Ao Gu who was sitting crossed legged and finally Tie Nan He who was standing guard, they all swiftly looked over.

“What’s the matter Luo Feng?” The others looked at him.

“The horned iron rhino has come.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“They’ve finally come!”

The group immediately stood up.

“Follow me.” Luo Feng stepped on the Soaring Shuttle, leading the way swiftly through the forest, even though there was a large number of trees and plants within the forest, Luo Feng’s nimble movements never even touched a single one of them. Behind, Hong, Thunder God, Tie Nan He and Ao Gu swiftly followed, very quickly the five arrived not far off from the lakeside.

“The horned iron rhino are arriving from that direction, their speed isn’t fast, they’ll be here in about 5 minutes.” Luo Feng pointed ahead, “There’s a total of twenty one horned iron rhinos.”

After a while.

Beast after beast that looked like trucks appeared within their line of sight, their rock like skin was undoubtedly solid and sturdy, that piercing blade-like single horn…reflected and gleamed with a chilly light under the sunlight from the nine light balls above, yet their eyes seemed gentle.

The single horned rhino was a very simple beast.

These ferocious beasts, the reason why they were ferocious was mostly because of their low intelligence. Within the universe, the beasts were mostly sorted into two main categories, the demon beasts and the ferocious beasts.

The demon beast race groups are directed towards species that have intelligence similar to that of the human race’s student level. Like the beasts on Earth, they belonged to the demon beasts, more matured demon beasts’ intelligence weren’t even lower than humans! As they had intelligence, hence in the vast universe, the demon beast’s race was one of the extremely huge and powerful races.

Ferocious beasts had strength but low intelligence.

They couldn’t learn, be it brutal and savage, or gentle, their common point was that they had low intelligence.

Of course the beasts, besides the demon beasts and ferocious beasts, there were still the god beasts, like the space beasts that were also known as space god beasts.

“Damn, that horned iron rhino’s power is very strong.” Thunder God was looking at the screen on his arm, its power level.

“It’s very strong, it’d be hard for five of us to deal with it, we can only think of a way to separate them. After all we just need five horns.” Luo Feng communicated via spirit reading.

“Separate? These beasts have low intelligence, they should be easy to deceive.”

“What method should we use?”

When Luo Feng’s group was in soft discussion, Luo Feng’s expression suddenly changed, saying softly: “A small team of humans is swiftly approaching, they should have discovered the horned iron rhinos drinking water.” As the Demon Moon River was a lake, there weren’t any things obstructing its view, even from far way, one could still see the beasts around it.

A team of humans appeared within their line of sight.

All of them were wearing the same black battle uniform.

“Kill!”

Black terrifying silhouettes exploded with the fastest of speeds, creating air explosion sounds, directly rushing towards the herd of horned iron rhinos drinking water. The twenty one horned iron rhinos fiercely raised their heads, the leader of the herd immediately let out a strong and angry roar: “Roar!!!”

Everyone of the human team were incredibly calm, joining their hands and surrounding and attacking one horned iron rhino, killing it with the greatest speed.

There were a total of ten members in the team, they swiftly killed four of the horned iron rhinos.

……

“Nine Star level 9 stages, one Star level 2 stage.” Luo Feng looked at his screen, softly saying, this little team, arranged for too many Star level 9 stage warriors. The weaker one…I estimate he is probably the one with status, hence he brought so many underlings with him.” Participating in the Universe Mercenary trainee test, this was extremely normal.

One had to know 99% of the strong had all experienced this.

Several large family heirs regarded this trainee mercenary exam as necessary, but for safety, they sent along a large group of Star level 9 stage warriors, this was very normal. Even though the family insists on training their heirs, over the long periods of times…several rules and methods of teachings warped and resulted in the original intended motive being far from what it was.

“Nine Star level 9 stages, they can definitely deal with the twenty one horned iron rhinos.” Hong said softly.

“Damn, after waiting for so long, they get snatched away by some pampered heir.” Thunder God cursed softly.

It was displeasing.

But against nine Star level 9 stage warriors, with proper preparation and coordination, what could their own little team do? They could only watch stupidly by the side.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, “Something good is coming.”

“Something good?” Thunder God looked suspiciously at Luo Feng, “What good is there?”

“We might be able to get our horns.” Luo Feng looked anxiously at the distance.

……

“Kill!”

“Kill all of them and collect all the horns, then we’ll leave immediately.” The white skinned youth, wielding a long and narrow battle blade was currently engaged in battle with the smallest built horned iron rhino, this little horned iron rhino’s strength was only about a Star level 1, he could indeed handle it without a problem.

“Yes.” The group of Star level 9 warriors immediately complied.

Fresh blood splattered all over! Raging howls and roars resounded! Beast after beast shook the earth as they fell to the ground! This group of horned iron rhinos strongest was only about a Star level 9, the others were all weaker. Against nine Star level 9 humans, they definitely were disadvantaged, losing more and more of their fellow beasts.

“Rumble…”

The earth shook violently.

“Howl!!!” An enraged roar resounded from the forests.

The earth began to tremble violently, the remaining five horned iron rhinos immediately roared excitedly, from not far off, a huge horned iron rhino’s silhouette appeared.

“Not good, let’s leave quickly!” One of the nine black clothed underlings shouted.

“Lord, over fifty single horned rhinos are rushing over, the leading few are all very powerful, let’s leave.”

“Quickly, protect the ninth prince well.”

“Quickly.”

Immediately, one of the nine black clothed underlings grabbedhugged the ninth prince, stepping on a streamlined huge blade-like flying spirit weapon and escaped swiftly. And the other eight underlings fled swiftly behind seeing the remaining horned iron rhinos madly rushing at them.

“Roar!”

“Roar!”

Large numbers of enormous horned iron rhinos rushed out, every one of them eyes scarlet, seemingly mad with rage. Over fifty horned iron rhinos…obviously these were the mature males from the horned iron rhino herd, each madly stomping through the land of the forests, madly chasing after the group of black clothed men.

Luo Feng’s team of five looked at the majestic group of horned iron rhinos madly chasing after the elite team, leaving behind the bodies of the remaining horned iron rhinos.

“Quickly!” Luo Feng led the way and rushed out.

“Haha, we got it so easily.”

“Which empire is that ninth prince from? A basic level empire or from the Black Dragon Mountain Empire? I think he’s from a family that probably only controls one or two basic level empires. “Thunder God muttered, the group swiftly headed over the bodies of the falle horned iron rhinos. Even though the group of black clothed men had chopped off ten horns.

There were still six bodies with their horns intact.

“Pu chi!” The Soaring Shuttle became a golden swordfish, immediately chopping off one of the horns from the forehead of a dead rhino.

Hong, Thunder God, Tie Nan He and Ao Gu too swiftly cut off and obtained their horns.

“Roar!” From the distance, among the group of rhinos chasing down the black clothed men, there was one that turned and stared at Luo Feng’s group, letting out an enraged howl. Immediately, over twenty horned iron rhinos turned and rushed madly towards them, against the same race of humans that had killed so many of their fellow beasts, they were filled with hatred!

“Hurry.” Luo Feng urged.

“Luo Feng, about 12 km away, a team of humans that were originally waiting by the river is approaching you very swiftly, I think they want to kill you all.” Babata warned Luo Feng in his mind.


Chapter 330: Hundred Tiger Building

Luo Feng swiftly moved all the horned iron rhino’s horns into his storage space, and quickly used his spiritual force to say: “Let’s leave quickly, there’s a little team behind us coming to kill us!”

“What?” Hong and Thunder God were shocked.

They didn’t have any time to hesitate, the five immediately flew into the forest beside, leaving behind the huge bodies of the horned iron rhinos. 12km, to a Star level…if it were in the outside world, they could breeze through it within a second. Even within this Sector Lord’s world, with their speeds slowed, it still didn’t take too much time

Within the forest.

Luo Feng, who was standing on the Soaring Shuttle flipped his hand and a shield along with an alloy battle knife appeared, he was even wearing a normal alloy battle uniform. Alloyed battle uniforms, battle blades, even though they weren’t expensive, this was mainly because they didn’t have any amplitude abilities! However in terms of material, they were incredibly sturdy and reached up to D grade.

D grade alloys, if it were a universe ship, it would be extremely expensive. However the battle knife, uniform, shield and other such items were very cheap.

“Chi chi…” A blood red helmet grew swiftly on Luo Feng’s head.

This was from the cloud contact vine.

……

Hand wielding a six corner shield, alloy battle knife, the metal uniform wrapped around Luo Feng’s body reflected the cold, at first glance, it looked almost like a fur clothing. His entire person was fast as lightning, swiftly escaping, anxious and worried within, “Babata, how is the strength level of that team?”

“Seven Star level 9 stages, one Star level 2 and one Star level 3.” Babata said.

“Bastards.” Luo Feng cursed under his breath.

“Their speed is very fast, they are closing the distance, 2.8km… 2.6km…” Babata continuously updated Luo Feng.

“There are seven Star level 9 warriors behind us.” Luo Feng used his spirit reading to inform Hong, Thunder God, Ao Gu and Tie Nan He.

“That’s big trouble.”

Hong and they others felt the pressure.

At the time, the team chasing to kill them from behind was constantly closing the distance, the distance slowly became not even 1km.

With a face like a blade, skin sparkling and translucent, just like precious stones, one could even see the veins below his skin. His eyes squinted, laughing like an innocent youth, he was dressed in a fur clothed like raw energy battle uniform, carrying on his back a huge battle knife that was almost as big as him. He was currently being pulled by his partner beside, using his spirit weapon to swiftly chase.

“Hmph.” He looked down at his quantum computer on his arm, “Two Star level 9 warriors, along with three Star level 1 and 2 stages ? Hmph! Too weak!”

“600m, 500m, 400m…” He constantly calculated the distance.

He could already see the little team flying ahead of him.

The other eight members, many were wearing goggles, these goggles also had a screen effect, constantly flickering with numbers.

“Surround them!” He gave off an order.

“Yes!”

Seven out of the eight members all complied.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

The group swiftly separated, surrounding Luo Feng’s team of five.

……

Luo Feng’s team stopped as they looked at the nine that had surrounded them. This was still within the forest of the Long Suo Mountain range, around them were many large trees, on the branches of the trees above there were even some scratch marks from ferocious beasts before, such solid and strong trees were rarely seen in the universe. Because of this, people couldn’t help but to compliment this sector lord’s work.

“Who’s the head?” The youth who led the nine shouted, his gaze however staring at Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God, sweeping through the three of them. It was very obvious, participating in the mercenary trainee exams, most would arrange for stronger warriors to protect their more important younger members. The weak ones, are usually the ones giving the orders.

“It’s me.”

Luo Feng stared at the youth before him, “Who are you all, what do you want?”

“Haha, your question is really stupid, don’t you even know what we want?” The youth laughed, eyes seemingly arrogant and condescending, as though he was looking at a beggar, “Punk, hand over the six horns from the horned iron rhinos and we can spare your lives. If you don’t…”

The youth laughed coldly.

Luo Feng looked at the group surrounding them, the screen on his arm began to display large amounts of numbers.

“Why are we bothering to talk with them, just kill them.” A young lady beside the youth dressed in a black battle uniform said coldly, the youth thought to himself, “This idiot, can’t she see that the enemy also has two Star level 9 stages? Even though we can win, however if we really fight it out and the enemy risks it all, even if we can kill them, we might lose some of our people too! If we can acquire the horns without anyone dying, isn’t that better?”

“My partner is impatient already.” The youth’s gaze swept past Luo Feng’s team, “Better give an answer now.”

Being surrounded.

Luo Feng and his team, Tie Nan He and Ao Gu naturally looked at their master Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder god too naturally exchanged glances with Luo Feng.

“Horned iron rhino’s horn?” Luo Feng flipped his hand, a horn appeared in his hand, looking at the youth before him, “A horn? We’ll give you one.”

“Six of them! Not one less!”

The youth said coldly.

The other eight stared at Luo Feng’s team. They had all seen earlier twenty one horned iron rhinos drinking by the lakeside, of which sixteen died and ten of the horns were taken by the earlier group… hence they were very sure that this yellow skinned black haired man’s team had taken away six horns.

“Black haired punk!” The young lady beside shouted, “We are from Hundred Tiger Building, hurry and hand over the horns, otherwise… hmph!”

Hundred Tiger Building? One of the four big organizations of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire?

Coming from Hundred Tiger Building, it meant that this group were well trained, at least in battle prowess, they were definitely powerful.

“Are you going to hand them over or not?” The youth too seemed impatient now.

“Don’t waste your time speaking anymore.” The lady urged.

Luo Feng and his team who were surrounded in by the group, felt immense pressure, Luo Feng could feel too that this group were losing their patience.

“Ao Gu.” Luo Feng used his spirit reading to speak.

“Master.” The old Ao Gu replied.

“The moment we make a move, follow the plan I told you before we entered this Sector Lord’s world, do you know what to do?”

“Understood.” Ao Gu replied.

Luo Feng surveyed the group from Hundred Tiger Building coldly, gazing past the Star level 9 stages with goggles and finally stopping at the young couple, “The horns, we’ll at most give you one. If you’re still not satisfied…let me warn you, there’ll be no turning back from certain actions.”

“Threatening me?” The youth laughed coldly.

“Hmph.” The young lady turned and exchanged glances with the youth.

The two almost simultaneously retreated.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!…

Except for one Star level 9 protecting the two of them, the other six exploded together. And within that instant of which they exploded, Ao Gu who was standing beside Luo Feng gazed coldly, shua! A blue shard appeared from nowhere, Ao Gu’s spirit reading seemed like a hand that grabbed it, grabbing it hard by it’s body, revealing a blade!

This blade, seemed to have a hint of a little red.

Yes!

This was the newly camouflaged hybrid copper essence shard that was covered with a layer of alloy, only the sharp tip wasn’t covered. This move…was Luo Feng’s current ultimate move! Allowing his strongest spirit reader slave Au Go to use the hybrid copper essence shard, with its sharpness and Ao Gu’s control, even Universe levels would be hurt!

“Xiu!”

The blue knife blade became a beam of light, flashing towards the oncoming Star level 9 enemies.

“Master, be careful, it’s a spirit reader’s attack.” Ao Gu who had released his spirit energy earlier warned, he was using half of his spirit energy to control the hybrid copper essence and the other half on defense, this was because Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God’s soul defense couldn’t withstand a soul attack of a Star level 9 spirit reader.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Ao Gu blocked three spirit attacks.

Pu! Pu! Pu!

The blue knife blade easily flew through Star level 9 warriors after another, with it’s absurd speed and sharpness, the serious looking and fully confident fighters, spirit readers with goggles all lost their heads, the top of them being sliced off and flying all over. They died one by one with their eyes behind their goggles filled with fear.

“That’s not possible!” The not too distant couple watching the battle who were very confident before looked on with shocked expressions and wide eyes.

Star level 9 stage warriors!

They were defeated even without a fight?

They didn’t know…just how terrifying the spirit weapon and its level of sharpness was! When the Yun Mo Planet ship sped up, whatever rocks, little stars could be immediately smashed through, even a small star could be easily sliced right through! Against the oncoming rush of the Yun Mo Planet, it’s piercing and sharpness was terrifying!

Even Sector Lord warriors, under the speeding Yun Mo planet ship, it’s sharpness could easily cut right through them!

“Escape!” The youth gave an order to the underling beside him, a Star level 9 spirit reader.

The underling quickly took the youth and the young lady.

“Leave her, quickly.” The youth gave the order.

“Yes.”

In terms of position, the young lady was lower than the youth by a little. Also, this bodyguard was clear…the enemy’s spirit reader if sped up,he wouldn’t be able to escape them carrying two people. Hu! The bodyguard took the youth, stepped on the spirit weapon and swiftly became a beam of light as he escaped.

“Wait for me.” The young lady’s face revealed defeat, she turned her head, seeing the blue light that had killed the six Star level 9 warriors flying towards her.

The young lady panicked, her eyes filled with venomous hatred: “Chou Yu!!!”

Pu!

Her head exploded open!

……

Within the blink of an eye, six star level 9 warriors including a Hundred Tiger Building elite youth, were all killed! And that Chou Yu youth and his bodyguard had escaped way out of sight.

“Stop chasing.” Luo Feng said.

“Yes, master.”

Ao Gu and Tie Nan He said respectfully.

Luo Feng immediately put the hybrid copper essence back into the storage ring, if he really wanted to chase after those two, he’d have to let Au Go take off by himself and chase! And Ao Gu couldn’t bring anyone along, if he did, he wouldn’t be able to catch up…if that happened, with only Luo Feng and the other three left behind, it was very unsafe within the Long Suo mountain range.

Also, Luo Feng couldn’t possible allow Ao Gu to take the hybrid copper essence shard far way with him to chase and kill the other 2.

“Babata, is it fine for us to let them escape?” Luo Feng asked mentally.

“No problem! They have no clue about your identity or news about you, even if they knew, you don’t have a fixed residence, even if you return, you return to Earth, what is there to be afraid of?” Babata couldn’t care much about it, “It’s akin to bare feet not being afraid of people who wear shoes, right now, you are bare footed.”


Chapter 331: Planet Fort

Cang Lan Star, within the Sector Lord’s world.

Luo Feng and his group of five were swiftly cleaning up the battle remains. “Haha, truly a young elite from the Hundred Tiger Building, this little lady actually uses an AI quantum computer. I don’t have to buy one anymore, I’ll just use this!” Thunder God was very satisfied, Luo Feng was using something that exceeded the AI, a living AI, Hong used an AI quantum computer and Thunder God was only using a normal quantum computer.

“There’s even a storage ring.”

“And spirit weapon.”

“These six Star level 9 warriors combined together don’t even add up to her treasures.” Tie Nan He made a move and swiftly collected every treasure that was valuable.

Among the six Star level 9 warriors, there were three spirit readers and three fighters.

However their standards were close to the Nuolan Shan guards, hence they were only at the bottom of the Hundred Tiger Building, sent just to help protect the two elites this time.

“Ao Gu, this flying spirit weapon will be yours.”

“Tie Nan He, you can take whichever genetic weapon you like.”

“This storage ring.” Luo Feng’s gaze swept past Thunder God, Ao Gu, Tie Nan He and Hong, Thunder God suddenly shouted: “Let me look at this storage ring, the one I’m using is the smallest capacity.” Among the group, Luo Feng and Hong already had their own storage rings, Thunder God had to buy his.

He bought the smallest one.

“Haha, it’s really bigger than what I have.” Thunder God was very satisfied.

……

Thunder God, Tie Nan He and Ao Gu reorganized and prepared, after which the group swiftly left the scene of battle, arriving a thousand miles away below a mountain before stopping.

“The next step, we should go look for the wind corner stone.” Luo Feng looked at the group.

“The wind corner stone can only be found in one place of the Sector Lord’s world, right at the very core of the World of Thunder, the Valley of Wind and Thunder.” Hong looked at the screen on his arm, gently tapping and looking, “From here to Valley of Wind and Thunder, the distance is over 300,000km, even if all goes well along the way, it’d still take about a month to get there.”

300,000km.

Within the Sector Lord’s world, one was that the gravity was extremely strong, two, Luo Feng and his group couldn’t fly up high, hence they had to rely on Babata’s security surveillance. If everything went smoothly, they were able to travel about 10,000km a day. It would still take about a month.

“The horned iron rhino herds can be found living in several places of this world, but they are all far from the core territory.”

“No matter where we go to hunt the horned iron rhino, we’d still finally have to head towards the Valley of Wind and Thunder.” Thunder God creased his eyebrows, “This Universe Mercenary Alliance arranged this mission obviously to make us explore at least half of the Sector Lord’s world.”

Within the Sector Lord’s world, there were many natural disasters and risks.

Travelling through half of the world…one would definitely encounter many life or death situations, even with the surveillance system, it wasn’t much use towards natural disasters.

“This is training, experience, and elimination.” Luo Feng shook his head, “The Universe Mercenary Alliance wants to eliminate the group of people who are unfit for them. If they can’t even pass through this, they wouldn’t have the right at all in the future to roam the dangerous universe.”

“Agreed.” Hong nodded, “From where we are right now, heading to the Sector Lord’s world core, the Valley and Wind and Thunder, there are three routes, everybody take a look, which should we take?”

“These three routes…” Thunder God looked at the map on the screen, “Are all pretty dangerous.”

“The first route,” Luo Feng said.

The first route has many ferocious beasts territories, naturally the threats were lesser. Of course…this was only in comparison to the other two routes.

“Alright, the first route.” Hong nodded.

“Then let’s depart!” Thunder God said.

……

Luo Feng and his group began rushing through their longest trek within the Sector Lords world, they didn’t dare to fly in mid air, that would simply attract all the ferocious beasts, suicide.

The Sector Lord’s world was heaven as well as hell.

An unexcavated Sector Lord’s world, for too many explorers and mercenaries, was a huge treasure heaven! At the same time, it was filled with dangers, the moment one was not careful, one could lose his life. However…there would still be a large number of explorers and universe mercenaries entering. And this World of Thunder was excavated long ago, right now it was specially used as a tool for the trainee mercenary exams.

“Bastard!”

Beside a thorny undergrowth within the Long Suo mountain range, Chou Yu was singlehandedly carrying his huge battle blade, gritting his teeth.

The moment he thought of his female counterpart’s venomous voice from before, the scene of the ‘beautiful’ blue shard piercing and slicing through the Star level 9 warriors, Chou Yu was extremely shocked and enraged. His entire body couldn’t help but tremble from the rage. This was his first time entering a Sector Lord’s world.

He was known before as a genius, along with other geniuses, he was nurtured and trained by the Hundred Tiger Building, having a solid foundation.

While the nurturing was tedious, it didn’t have any dangers to his life.

This time however…

“I almost died, I almost died!!!” Chou Yu’s heart shuddered within, he had had so much hopes and dreams for the future, he had killed many before too, however when he actually faced death itself…he realized just how much he was afraid of death.

“The military instructor said fear isn’t bad, but one has to absolutely remain calm. Fear is a form of energy, an energy able to make the body evolve.”

“Relax, calm down.”

Chou Yu gradually calmed down, looking at the bodyguard beside him, ordering him, “Help me secure my surroundings, I’m entering the Virtual Universe Network.”

“Yes.” The bodyguard respectfully complied.

……

The Hundred Tiger Building had an order towards all the young elites entering the Sector Lord’s world to take part in these exams. They had to send a message to their supervisor everyday via the Virtual Universe Network! If their comrades died, the mail had to explain such matters too.

As long as they sent that mail, it meant that the member was still alive!

……

Within the Virtual Universe Network, Black Dragon Mountain Island.

A fat man with two horns on his head lay on a chair. A screen appeared before him, “Di!” A message appeared on the screen.

“Another message of a report on being alive, open it.” The fat man said slowly.

The mail opened automatically.

The fat man looked through it slowly, however after a while he stood up suddenly, shocked as he stared at the mail, “the eighth team actually only has two people alive? And they’ve lost the second elite?” The fat man quickly sent a message request to the other seven members of the eighth team.

As expected…no one replied.

Usually, the young geniuses are prepped with bodyguards depending on their own level of importance. For example, a team of ten usually has five youths and five bodyguards. And some teams only have one youth and nine bodyguards. This eighth team originally had eight bodyguards and two youths.

They had lost one body guard earlier.

Obviously…the eighth team was an important team. To the Hundred Tiger Building, the loss of level 3 elites would be more painful, the loss of level 2 elites would be even more painful. And the loss of level 1 elites, that was simply devastating! As for the special elites… even the Hundred Tiger Building rarely got one.

Those absolute geniuses were rarely ever acquired.

Within the universe space.

The fat man opened his eyes and looked out through the external simulator, looking at the huge objects in the distant space: “Since we are almost at the headquarters, I’ll personally deliver this report. “That huge object was a planet! Correctly speaking, it was an alloy made object that was made to model a planet, this was the Hundred Tiger Building’s headquarters…

Black Tiger Star.

This Black Tiger Star, was basically a huge planet fort! It’s entire body was black, on it were deep passages and alleys, connecting straight into the planet’s interior. And the surface of it, was a thick and bulky cannon that was capable of blowing up a D grade universe ship in one shot, along with other magnetic orbit cannons, large laser cannons, etc these type of weapons.

The entire planet had several spots where there were occasional flashes of blue light.

Ship after ship covered the land and skies, almost like the countless locusts, occasionally large amounts of them flew through the deep alleys into the planet’s interior. Also occasionally large amounts of universe ships would fly out from there. These ships, with a brief look, seemed like the lowest grade was a C grade, even D grade ships, one could even spot an E grade ship once in awhile!

They covered the land and skies, almost like locusts.

And this planet fort was such an enormous object, it seemed like it swallowed these large amount of ships. Over here, this was one of the four huge organizations of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, the headquarters of the Hundred Tiger Building! There were many Sector Lords that had been stationed here for many years. The entire planet used to be a very normal mineral planet and spent heavenly amounts of money and wealth to change it into the fort it was.

A planet fort!

……

“Di.”

The fat man sat in the universe ship, following the planet fort’s pulling signal, it followed one of the Black Tiger Star’s surface many deep alleys and flew in. From space, these alleys seemed small and nothing impressive, however when one flew close to it, he would realize that every alley was more than 100km wide.

The universe ship entered the deep alley.

“Oh, the new installation is ready?” The fat man looked carefully at the two sides of the walls within the alley, the walls seemed to have a few more black alloy frames that were like centipedes, embedded into the walls themselves.

Within a moment.

The universe ship docked at the docking bay, the fat man dressed in a blue robe, followed a spacious pathway that had skies and clouds simulated on both sides, with a glance, this pathway alone had more than a hundred people, everyone seemed to be dressed in blue robes, only two of them were dressed in white robes, and on their chest were 2 star mercenary medals.

“I greet the lord.” Passing by the the white robed men, the fat man bowed.

Everyone within the pathway did the same.

In Hundred Tiger Building…

The blue robe meant Universe level! Along with several important people with status. The fat man was a Star level, but because his position was big, he had the right to wear the blue robe.

The white robe, meant Domain Lord and the lesser upper echelons.

A black robe meant a Sector Lord.

As for the Undying Beings?

Even though the Hundred Tiger Building had produced Undying before in its history, these Undying beings had long gone to the Ganwu Empire, or to other places. To the Undying Beings…the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, this little pond couldn’t hold them!

No matter, the Hundred Tiger Building, Black Cloud Guild, The Northern Dragon City, the Three Axe Mountain, these four large universe organizations were considered enormous powers within the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, their roots went deep, and the Universe level warriors under them were plenty! Even the empire emperor wouldn’t willingly mess with these groups. Just looking at the Hundred Tiger Building’s main headquarters with its countless universe ships, that alone was enough proof of its power.


Chapter 332: Ten Thousand Blade Soul Seal

Black Dragon Mountain star sector, in the World of Thunder on the famous ‘Cang Lan’ Star.

Thirty six days has passed since Luo Feng first entered the World of Thunder.

Weeds were rampant on the plains, and some of the weeds were even taller than 10 meters. These weeds also became tough after absorbing the energy of the universe, rivaling A grade alloys, which were much harder than the diamonds on Earth. When the wind blew, the grass bowed down, sometimes revealing the resting monsters on the plain.

Five flowing lights flew past the plain.

A huge monster covered in blue scales lay there like a hill. It seemed to notice something and glanced over as he let out a roar, “ROAR~~”, and then lowered its head again.

“We have already left the territory of the ‘blue scaled alligator’. There is a horde of monsters at 11 o’clock, 18.9 km away. We’ll go around them”. The five flowing lights slightly paused. Luo Feng, in his alloyed battle uniform set, spoke through his spiritual force, “Let’s go. We’ll advance 3,000 km more and then rest”.

“Yes, master”.

Tie Nan He and Ao Gu were very respectful.

Whoosh!

The five flowing lights continued to fly forward…..

“With Babata’s warning, I thought this Universe Mercenary Trainee exam would be easy. Who would’ve thought that it would be even more complicated than I originally thought.” Luo Feng looked towards the distance as he flew on his soaring shuttle. The weeds to the side swiftly retracted, “I thought it would only take a month to reach the Valley of Wind and Thunder, but it looks like it’ll take at least 50% longer than planned!”

After almost four hours later.

“Stop!” spoke Luo Feng telepathically.

The five of them stopped at the same time.

Even Hong and Thunder God listen to Luo Feng’s commands in the World of Thunder, because they knew…. Luo Feng had a special sensor that could detect all danger within a certain radius.

“Tie Nan He, Ao Gu, you two take turns being on guard. My brothers and I will rest first.” said Luo Feng.

“Yes, master.”

The two of them replied respectfully.

Luo Feng surveyed his surroundings. It was currently night time and weeds were everywhere, so the naked eye could barely see anything.

“We were lucky today, didn’t encounter much danger” Thunder God let out a smile, “Right now, we can finally let out a breath.”

“I was also afraid something like yesterday would happen again” Hong also let out a sigh of relief.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but to recall the scenes from yesterday. He was still a bit frightened. Yesterday, his squad was moving forward according to their normal path. Originally, his squad had a relaxing time following the path that people used in the past. Suddenly, five monsters were discovered charging at his squad 18 km away. It was clear that they clearly discovered his squad a long time ago.

If there is nothing to obstruct their vision, it is normal for star level fighters to see past a distance of over a hundred km.

It actually isn’t too difficult to escape from those five monsters, since weeds were everywhere.

However…..

Maybe one of those monsters had an extraordinary nose, so they just kept chasing. While they chased, they even roared over and over again, which attracted the attention of the other monsters on the plains. Originally five monsters, over a hundred monsters ended up chasing after his squad.

Finally, with ‘Ao Gu combined with the hybrid copper shard’, and the two liquid silver guards, their squad did everything they could to escape.

“We were lucky yesterday” sighed Luo Feng, “If that ‘Black Ringed Snake’ horde appeared earlier and worked together with those hundreds of monsters to surround us, we probably wouldn’t have been able to escape”.

“Black Ringed Snake horde?” Thunder God glared, “Don’t remind me. Whenever I think of yesterday I get a bit scared. Yesterday was the worst day we had in the World of Thunder.”

“Use your time wisely and train” commanded Hong, “There are very few opportunities to train in the World of Thunder.”

“Okay”

“Alright”

Luo Feng and Thunder God spoke no more and then closed their eyes to train.

Luo Feng was quite pleased with his days of training in the World of Thunder. Even though some accidents have occurred on their journey and all of them almost ended up getting killed several times! This kind of pressure….. caused them to improve very rapidly in the past 36 days.

Maybe it’s because the World of Thunder is packed with the universe energy essence, causing them to train faster.

Or maybe, it’s because of the ‘evolution catalyst’ they received from the virtual universe.

Anyway!

Thirty six days, along with the days of them rushing from Bai Lan star to Dragon Star, and then from Dragon Star to Cang Lan Star, in these two months, Luo Feng was able to step into the ‘Star level 2 stage’ from the ‘Star level 2 stage’. This is simply an improvement of the body itself. The biggest improvement….. is his progress he made with the Soaring Shuttle and Soul Seal.

Luo Feng’s personal virtual space.

On top of a huge mountain that entered the clouds, Luo Feng appeared in a white robe. Beside him was a blood red castle erected on the top of the mountain.

“RUMBLE~~” the castle doors opened.

“Master” the eighteen rock golems respectfully yelled.

“Yea”

Luo Feng directly entered the castle. Under the lead of some beautiful women, he entered the training room. All four sides of the training room were bookshelves, which contained tons and tons of books. These were all the training manuals from the Yun Mo planet sect. Luo Feng directly walked to one of the bookshelves on one side and took out a golden book Soul Seal Part Two.

“Crunch, crunch” in his black robe, the blood red eyed demon Babata sat to the side and chewed at a red apple. He took a quick glance at Luo Feng and started chewing away at his apple again like nothing happened. Suddenly, he froze and stopped, and then looked at Luo Feng. He carefully looked at the book Luo Feng was holding.

“LUO FENG?” Babata yelled with surprise.

“Hm, what is it?” Luo Feng looked at Babata with a confused look on his face.

“You, you finished the basics of Soul Seal?” said Babata with shock.

In the Yun Mo planet sect, Soul Sealis ranked at the top. Ever since Luo Feng received these training manuals, he learned all of the basics of all the training manuals deemed high priority by Babata. After that, he started learning according to his interests. Luo Feng mainly focused on Soul Seal and Tower of the Void.

Because, according to the training manuals, the master of Yun Mo planet clearly prided himself on these two training manuals.

The master of Yun Mo planet once said in the training manual of Soul Seal: “The Soul Seal method is the most important technique in our Yun Mo planet sect, and is also the biggest reason for my, Hu Yan Bo’s, rise to power.”

And the master of Yun Mo planet also said in Tower of the Void: “Young disciple, you mustn’t relax on your training of the Tower of the Void. If I was able to finish the ‘Seven Floors Tower’ of the Tower of the Void back then, I wouldn’t have ended up dying! When venturing into the universe, defensive techniques are extremely important!”

And so, Luo Feng always practiced these two techniques seriously.

Training a technique takes a large amount of time, energy, and talent! However, Luo Feng hasn’t had these training manuals for long. Even though his strength improved quite rapidly, the main factor for that is mainly due to the Golden Horned Beast’s body.

Otherwise, according to Babata’s plan, it would take him 50 years to reach the Star level! Mainly because he needs to build up a solid foundation….. and so, after spending so much time, Luo Feng finally met the most basic requirements of Soul Seal. And Tower of the Void still remains at the most basic level of the first stage.

“What, Babata, is that weird?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“You met all of the various requirements in Soul Seal Part One?” followed Babata.

“I have” said Luo Feng.

“Oh? Hehe, the soul nurtured by the Golden Horned Beast is powerful after all” Babata couldn’t help but to compliment, “I thought it would’ve taken another few years.”

“Oh yeah, Luo Feng, from now on, you can practice the ‘Ten Thousand Blades Soul Seal’ in Soul Seal Part Two. This is the most basic ‘soul seal’. Once you completely learn the ‘Ten Thousand Blades Soul Seal’, you’ll have the qualifications to form your ‘Slave Seal’ explained Babata.

Luo Feng started to get a bit excited after listening.

To truly control someone based off of the soul seal technique is very difficult. There are various requirements that must be met on the Soul Seal technique. At least, the current Luo Feng couldn’t do it.

“First learn the Ten Thousand Blades Soul Seal?” Luo Feng flipped through the book.

“Babata, there are so many different techniques in here, so why learn this one?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but to ask.

“Stupid!”

“Focusing on one thing always yields better results” scolded Babata, “Aren’t you mainly focusing on the Soaring Shuttle? Then the soul seal technique you practice has to be able to affect the enemy. This ‘Ten Thousand Blades Soul Seal’, transforms the soul seal into a blade and directly attacks the soul! It can make the enemy feel like their head is about to split apart. A single moment of delay in battle is enough for your soaring shuttle to rip him to shreds.”

“Okay” nodded Luo Feng.

“Begin then. Training the Ten Thousand Blades Soul Seal is not easy. After you finish your training, with your progress on the soul seal, you’ll be able to form your ‘Slave Seal’. When that happens, you can directly enslave other people and make them become your slave for eternity. Just like how your teacher had nine Undying slaves” Babata cast out the bait.

The slave seal!

How exciting! Luo Feng was looking forward to this technique. Even if it was only for this ‘Slave Seal’, he had to seriously practice the ‘Ten Thousand Blades Soul Seal’.

…..

While Luo Feng’s consciousness was in the virtual space reading the Soul Seal training manual and training the first offensive soul seal technique– the Ten Thousand Blades Soul Seal, his other body– the Golden Horned Beast, completely delved into its training of Absolute Realm.

Inner world.

On the golden continent, the Golden Horned Beast that was as large as a mountain range continued to cast the Absolute Realm technique.

“Hm?”

There was a sliver of dissatisfaction in those dark golden eyes, “After so long, I can’t even finish the first stage of Absolute Realm, what’s going on?”. In the World of Thunder, the pressure seemed to raise Luo Feng’s comprehension skills quite a bit. He also made a bit of progress on Absolute Realm. However, he was still very far away from completing the first stage of Absolute Realm.

“WU–”

The Golden Horned Beast let out a roar of anger. As of now, its current body length exceeded 900 meters.

Indeed, after consuming the alloy combinations that lead to 89 times efficiency for over three months, it’s as if the Golden Horned Beast has normally evolved for 22 years. It already entered the Star level 9 stage from the Star level 7 stage! A Golden Horned Beast at the Star level 9 stage….. only one step away until the Universe level! And this single step, is the hardest step in the entire Star level transformation!


Chapter 333: Valley of Wind and Thunder

Immersed in training, time flew by quickly.

“Luo Feng, it’s already daybreak. Hong and Thunder God have stopped their training.” Within the quiet training room, lying in a chair sleeping, Babata said with his eyes closed.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng closed the book within his hands, closing his eyes, recollecting the images within his mind regarding the Ten Thousand Blade Soul Seal secret technique’s training process, unleashing process along with its theories and explanations, etc. After which, Luo Feng smiled as he opened his eyes, he at least had a grasp on the logic behind the ‘Ten Thousand Blade Soul Seal’ technique.

From tomorrow, he would begin training it properly! The moment he finished, this Ten Thousand Blade Soul Seal would become Luo Feng’s number one soul attacking technique.

“Babata, I’m leaving.” Luo Feng placed the book back on the shelf.

“Countdown reminder, the amount of time before the Nuolan Shan family’s troops arrive on Earth is another 2 years 4 months and 29 days.” Babata shouted.

“2 years 4 months and 29 days…” Luo Feng repeated the words softly, his eyes gleaming coldly. The Nuolan Shan family troops that would arrive on Earth after 2 years, while he couldn’t have any hopes or wishes for the others to be able to help within the short 2 years, he’d have to fend them off himself!

“A little more than 2 years.”

“What do we do?”

“If the Nuolan Shan family fleet sends a Universe level 6 or 7 warrior, how will I deal with it?” Luo Feng was troubled, his Golden Horned Beast’s body was definitely able to break into the Universe level in a few months! However, the moment it breaks into the Universe level, the evolution time required would be greatly increased, and if he wanted to use the proper metal groupings, those prices were much much more than those used during the Star level, the amount of money he had wasn’t sufficient.

Milky Way, Dark Space.

A D3 grade streamlined ship shaped like an axe was swiftly flying through space.

“Bai Kalo, you’ve broken through?” Within the control room, with pointy ears, the Nuolan Shan’s second head De Wen Nuolan Shan turned to look at the approaching person.

“Yes.” Covered in a black robe, Bai Kalo nodded his head.

De Wen felt dissatisfied within.

He, as the family’s second head, naturally bowed before the head ancestor much earlier. And this Bai Kalo was even his junior! However…his awareness level was extremely high, he was the most exceptional amongst the heirs of the Nuolan Shan family, right now De Wen was at Universe level 6 while Bai Kalo was at Universe level 8! This Bai Kalo naturally had an air of arrogance around him! Universe level 8, in terms of awareness, battle experience, Bai Kalo far exceeded the previous head De Wen.

“Bai Kalo, what warriors did you mention were on Earth? Since even our elite team hasn’t responded at all, and are all probably dead, this enemy must not be weak at all.” De Wen looked at the beautiful scenery of space ahead of him, asking his junior beside him, Bai Kalo’s eyes looked outside, “The automaton ship has been there for so long without anyone taking it. Even with a strong person there, he can’t be that strong.”

De Wen’s eyes gleamed, smiling, “Junior has a point.”

“Senior, how long before we arrive on earth?” Bai Kalo said coldly.

“About another 2 years, 4 months and 26 days.” De Wen said.

“Oh, then I’ll first enter the virtual universe.” Bai Kalo said, turning and leaving the control room.

De Wen looked at the back of Bai Kalo, cursing within his heart, “This bastard, he probably only left his cabin just to come and ask about how much longer we needed to travel. Before, while we travelled through the wormhole, he didn’t even show. Now that he knows how much longer we need, he’ll probably not ever show himself again until we arrive at Earth.”

Bai Kalo was an exceptional loner amongst the Nuolan Shan family heirs.

If Luo Feng were to know that this time the Nuolan Shan family had sent two powerful Universe level warriors, one Universe level 6 stage and the other 8 stage, the pressure he would feel would be greatly increased.

……

It had been fifty one days since they entered the World of Thunder.

“No problem, let’s continue advancing.” Thunder God sat on the ground and shouted, at this time, Thunder God’s waist was covered in fresh blood, completely drenching his robe and visible from the outside.

“Don’t show off, afterall we are pretty close to the Valley of Wind and Thunder, another 8000 or so kilometers, we can reach in a day.” Luo Feng said softly, “Your injuries are heavy, even if you use the Mu Ya crystal, it’d take a few hours to recover.”

“Right, second brother, even if we leave tomorrow, it’d wouldn’t be late.” Hong looked at Thunder God.

Thunder God gritted his teeth, cursing softly, “Damn, that scum bird!”

Luo Feng felt helpless with the situation. Since the trek from the Long Suo mountain range heading to Valley of Wind and Thunder, they had travelled a good half of the World of Thunder. Before, in Long Suo mountain range they relied on Babata’s surveillance devices, hence they never really met with dangers, thus the group had been really positive till now, who would have thought…

That when the group truly began their trek across half of the World of Thunder, only then did they truly find out, as an elimination exam world, it wasn’t as easy as they thought.

A scanning diameter of 20,000 meters?

It was useful within the mountain range and forests, as there were an abundance of trees and growth within the forest, a distance of 20,000m was still very safe.

However of a flat land area, grass land area, swamp area, reef mountainous region etc, a few ferocious beasts could see over a 100 miles and spot them immediately! With the ferocious beasts’ speed, even if the gravitational pull of the World of Thunder was huge, it’d still only require them only one or two seconds to travel over the 20 km distance.

A 20km surveillance area, with the time needed for Luo Feng to react and inform the others, it gave his group less than a second to escape.

Hence meeting dangers was extremely common!

And just before…

An eagle like golden bird flying high in the skies had surveyed the group below it from far away, hence it rushed over to kill them. This golden bird’s speed was extremely quick, and also very powerful. Much stronger than average Star level 9 fighters, Tie Nan He was captured and flown away on the spot!

It’s powerful claws wreaked havoc, Luo Feng and Hong were both wearing alloy battle armors, however their internal layer was covered with the cloud contact vine, hence they were unharmed. Thunder God however felt the brunt of it.

Luckily he only received scratches from claw attacks from a distance, had it been a physical contact itself, he would have lost his life.

And that golden bird, after suffering a soul attack from Ao Gu knew it would be hard to win, hence it turned and fled into the skies.

“Everybody needs to be on alert.”

“The ferocious beasts’ speeds are extremely fast, by the time I discover them and inform everybody…we’ll have very little time to escape and dodge.” Luo Feng said softly, “We are only about 8000 km away from the Valley of Wind and Thunder, a day’s trek at most, let’s not get careless on the last day.”

“We’ve had such a perilous journey, those teams without the surveillance system, coming here, must definitely go through complete life and death situations.” Thunder God couldn’t help but say.

“The amount of danger we’ve encountered isn’t little too.” Hong said.

Another night of quiet training.

Tonight, Luo Feng was training within the slaughter space of the Killing Fields, these ten days of training, he was partially training the Soaring Shuttle while working on his Ten Thousand Blades Soul Seal, this move’s first layer was finally completed, its targets and requirements were simple…to be able to produce a soul seal blade.

“Soul attack, relied on using spirit reading theory to arrange and form the most effective path of attack.”

“Back then, the spirit readers of Earth’s awareness level and soul attacks were extremely weak, even the same stage and level fighters, couldn’t be killed with a soul attack.”

“This soul seal blade’s construct is obviously astonishing and meticulous, much more orderly.” Luo Feng was extremely happy, with the soul seal blade, his power had doubled! Even a higher level fighter, if attacked by a soul seal blade, if he survived, he’d mostly blank out for a moment mentally.

And the Soaring Shuttle could take the opportunity to kill this enemy!

One mental and one real!

This was the true power of a spirit reader! If it were purely mental (relying of the soul attacks, illusions etc), or pure force (relying on the spirit weapons), these ways weren’t the true power of a spirit reader. It was a pity…whether it was spirit weapon control techniques or soul attack techniques, these were all not to be divulged!

Every secret technique was extremely valuable.

And the higher level the techniques, the harder it was to be even bought! The which the Yun Mo Planet Master was most proud of was a special technique that an Undying Being wouldn’t even trade for an entire star field.

This was also why the heirs and disciples with background and teachers train so quickly and breakthrough so easily!

……

Five beams of light stopped, it was these five.

This little group gazed at the distant mountains, those mountains seemed to be covered in snow, accurately speaking, that wasn’t snow, but large amounts of rocks and stones madly flying about! Also above the mountain in the skies were cumulus clouds, lightning snakes flying all about, seemingly as though lightning could strike at any time.

“Big brother, third brother, according to the map coordinates, ahead is Valley of Wind and Thunder.” Thunder God held his breath.

“The thunder clouds have hovered above for long periods of times, this World of Thunder, besides the Valley of Wind and Thunder, there’s no other place like this.” Hong too squinted his eyes.

Luo Feng held his breath and watched.

The Valley of Wind and Thunder was the core of the World of Thunder, it’s center point, and also it’s most dangerous place! And one of the required items to pass the Universe Mercenary Trainee exam was here…the wind corner stone, one had to acquire it here at the Valley of Wind and Thunder.

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng said softly.

The five didn’t fly anymore, walking towards the Valley of Wind and Thunder…oddly enough, there wasn’t a single ferocious beast around, most probably it was because they knew of the Valley’s dangers. There weren’t any plants on the valley, just bare stone, these stones were dark and black, occasionally with hints of silver.

“The wind’s really strong.” Luo Feng felt that his walk alone wasn’t stable.

“Just how strong is this wind?” Thunder God and Hong couldn’t help but exclaim as well.

The level 12 typhoon on Earth, to a Star level, couldn’t and didn’t have any impact on them at all. However at this moment, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God couldn’t even walk properly, this was on an unbelievable level altogether.

“According to the books, the wind from the Valley of Wind and Thunder, gets stronger as we head more to the center and deeper within. The wind at the most center region is like knives! It carries with it strong amounts of universe energy, even Universe level warriors flying into the center would be madly torn and shredded apart, no questions about it.”

“The mad wind covers the most dangerous region within, however that’s the place with the most wind corner stones.”

“Of course there are still many wind corner stones dancing about in the wind.”

“The entire Valley of Wind and Thunder’s most dangerous thing is the thunder and lightning. The moment lightning strikes, even a weaker Domain Lord will die immediately. Universe levels have no chance of survival, much less us Star levels. Everybody think, how are we going to go acquire those wind corner stones.” Luo Feng looked at the four beside him, at that time a voice resounded in his mind: “Luo Feng, around the 20km area of your team, there are a total of 1092 humans.”


Chapter 334: Black Hole

“So many?” Luo Feng was shocked, looking at his surroundings, he could barely make out the silhouettes of two to three teams.

“A large number of teams are close to the Valley, they are all hidden, hence if we don’t look carefully, it’ll be hard to actually spot them.” Babata’s voice resounded.

“Understood.” Luo Feng said

……

The mountain range was bare, the stones on it were mostly all black, mixed with the occasional silver. Luo Feng’s team carefully progressed, the center region of this mountain seemed as though it was struck by a heavenly battle knife, splitting it completely open, creating the Valley.

This enormous valley that seemed to have been split in two by a blade, is the Valley of Wind and Thunder.

With universe energy as it’s core and source and the winds blowing violently about, mixed with large amounts of stones, amongst them were wind corner stones, dancing in the wind. And within the valley at the two sides of the mountain, groups from families from the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, various powers and youths from different planets.

They were the younger generation, youths who hadn’t yet become true Universe warriors. This time, was their first step and exam into becoming strong!

“Luo Feng, this is the map, on it the location I’ve marked out is an extremely good spot. It’d be best for your team to hide out there.” Babata communicated mentally.

Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at the screen on his arm.

“Follow me.” Luo Feng said softly.

Hong, Thunder God and the other two quietly followed, the closer they got to the valley, the more violent the winds got. Luo Feng came to a particular huge stone and fiercely moved it away, revealing a cave, communicating mentally, “Everyone get in, there’s a cave within connecting directly to the valley mountain.”

“You can even find such a place?” Thunder God couldn’t help but compliment.

“Go in.” Hong led the way in.

In this World of Thunder, the spirit readers’ area of scanning was very small, that was their ability in the air, and for their spirit reading to pass through the universe energy infused stones, Star levels and below weren’t able to do so. Without spirit reading to scan, these sort of places were extremely hard to find.

And for someone to actually dig himself? With the mountain rubble that had been strongly ground and moulded for long periods of time by the mad winds, it would take at least one to two days of work to dig through.

“Good thing we have Babata.” Luo Feng jumped into the cave, covering it with the boulder.

This cave was within the mountain.

Following the cave, it led directly to one of the Valley of Wind and Thunder’s mountain walls, on it was a hole that was about 30cm wide.

“What’s this?” Thunder God’s eyes lit up.

“Hm?” Hong picked up a smooth little stone that was close to the hole’s entrance, it was mostly black, but its membrane seemed to emit a peculiar blue color, the normal stones here were all black, or black stones mixed with a little silver. Only the wind corner stones’ surfaces had that layer of blue shine, from what they heard, these wind corner stones had endured the lightning strikes and not get vaporized, absorbing some on the lightning’s power and forming the peculiar stones.

“Wind corner stone, it’s a wind corner stone.” Thunder God said.

“I’d never expect to be able to just pick up one wind corner stone.” Luo Feng laughed as he walked towards the hole’s entrance, outside, the wind outside howled bloody murder, and as the cave was completely sealed up, the wind inside was very small. Luo Feng turned over to the other four, “The wind outside is terrifying, it’d be hard to obtain another one like that.”

The only reason why there was one within the cave, was probably because it coincidentally flew into the hole because of the wind.

However these sort of things were purely based on luck, otherwise there wouldn’t even be one.

“Second and third brother, according to the book, we have three options right now.” Hong said softly, “The first is to go to the peak of the canyon and risk our lives to pick up the wind corner stones. As the winds get stronger the deeper we get, the more we get to the center the stronger it’ll be. Hence, the wind above at the peak is much lesser, at least Star level 7 and 8 stages can withstand it. The only danger is…as it is the highest point, it’ll be easy to attract lightning! Those cumulonimbus clouds above could easily strike down, no chance of survival at all.”

“The second method is to get close to the valley and rely either on spirit reading or raw energy, collecting stones from the winds as they blow past and bring them in! This is much harder than just picking them, but the dangers are also much lower. It requires patience.”

“The third method, is to kill and obtain from the other teams, stealing from them!”

“Everybody decide, which method should we use?” Hong looked at Thunder God and Luo Feng.

Luo Feng creased his eyebrows and pondered.

Heading towards the peak to retrieve the wind corner stones would definitely be the fastest, if there wasn’t any lightning, it would be as simple as picking stones. However…according to the experiences of the earlier generations, when retrieving the stones at the peak, with all the metal on one’s body, the more metal there was, the more likely it’d attract lightning.

If one arranged for a metal robot to go, it would 100% get struck down!

And humans wearing their normal clothes, the possibility of being struck was about one out of two. If he wore alloy battle uniforms, the probability rose to two out of three. These were all experiences from the generations of elders who had been in the World of Thunder before.

“The first method is very dangerous, and it’s purely on luck, it’s not beneficial for us.”

“The third method, robbing and killing other teams?” Luo Feng shook his head, “Right now the position of the cave we have is extremely good, the cave’s hole is also on the mountain itself, we’ll use the second method for now. At the same time, we’ll see how the other teams obtain the wind corner stones and discuss again then.”

“That’s good too.” Hong nodded.

Thunder God agreed, hence Luo Feng and his group began their waiting game.

To catch the flying wind corner stones through the hole of the cave, one, it required luck, two it required strength! As the howling winds made it impossible to see clearly, with large amounts of rubble flying about, only occasionally would there be one or two wind corner stones flying by, hence it required luck. And one had to grab them when it flew past the hole!

Grabbing them in a blink of an eye! If you missed it, then you have to wait for a long time again for the next one.

There was no way around it…with the mad winds infused with universe energy, one’s spiritual force, the moment it was materialized and extended, it would immediately be destroyed and dispersed.

The spiritual force hand that Luo Feng conjured could only be maintained at about a distance of 20 cm outside the cave before dispersing. And the Star level 9 Ao Gu’s spirit hand could only be extended to about 1m without dispersing. More than 1 m and Ao Gu couldn’t maintain its stability.

Ironically…

The thing that made Luo Feng the most pleasantly surprised was the currently Star level 4 cloud contact vine, after shrinking, could form a vine that was extremely sturdy, and swiftly extend about 2 meters into the mad wind and grab back, even though the vines would be damaged, its regeneration speed could maintain it’s lightning fast extension and retraction at 2m!

This was indeed a pleasant surprise for Luo Feng!

This universe energy infused howling winds probably had a destructive effect on spirit reading and these forms of energy existences, however it had lesser damage on plant like things like the cloud contact vine.

……

Within the Valley of Wind and Thunder, most of the teams used this waiting method to try and catch the wind corner stones, while some others forced their slave bodyguards to head to the peak to risk their lives to acquire the wind cornerstones. However this was rarely seen as the slave bodyguards were after all battle strength, losing one or two of them had a big impact on the team overall.

On the third day of being in wind thunder canyon, Luo Feng’s group acquired their second wind corner stone.

On the fifth day, they acquired their third wind corner stone.

On the ninth day, they acquired their fourth stone.

……

This was also mainly because their position was good, normal teams would usually require at least about one and a half years to travel across half of the World of Thunder, and another one and a half years to acquire the wind corner stones. Hence using a few years to complete the mission was very normal. Luo Feng’s group was operating on extremely high efficiency.

On the thirty second day of being at the Valley of Wind and Thunder. “This cave’s position is really good, if this keeps up, in another month, we definitely would have collected enough wind corner stones.” Thunder God laughed.

Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God, Tie Nan He and Ao Gu sat crossed legged.

A particular vine had extended from Luo Feng’s hand and was stationed at the hole, ready to swipe at any time.

In front of the five on one of the cave’s walls was a screen, that was something Luo Feng had ordered his living AI Babata to make, on the screen were four different scenes, surveying the images and scenes within their 20km area.

“Even though we are in a cave, we can still see the teams within a 20km area clearly.” Luo Feng laughed.

“It’s so comfortable.” Thunder God praised.

“Look, there’s another two teams fighting over there, their evasive skills are really quick, this spirit reader is not bad too. Thunder God’s eyes gleamed, evaluating the two teams that suddenly appeared on the screen, however his expression ashen, saying, “It’s Heruo!”

“Heruo?”

Luo Feng’s expression changed.

Back then he and his two brothers met a few good friends within the Killing Fields of the Virtual Universe Network, one of them was Heruo and Buleimu. Back then, the two had said they were going to join the Universe Mercenary trainee exams. The entirety of the Black Dragon Mountain star field participants would all gather here, hence the fact that Heruo was here was extremely normal.

“Let’s go.” Hong was the first to rush out, Ao Gu and Tie Nan He looked at Luo Feng.

“Quickly.”

Luo Feng didn’t hesitate too, immediately the five swiftly followed the cave’s other route and rushed out, using spirit energy to move the inconspicuous stone, the five left and placed it back.

In the distance.

The team Heruo was in was under pressure and attack from another team. Heruo’s team only had two Star level 9 stages, and the enemies’ team had five Star level 9 stages, however both teams were injured, obviously they battled fiercely.

“Hm?”

The two teams swiftly noticed another team rushing over in the distance.

“Heruo!” A spirit reading messaged resounded in his ears.

Heruo turned to look, the five lightning fast silhouettes rushing over were Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God, his three good friends, he immediately revealed an expression of glee, and the two rushing ahead of them Tie Nan He and Ao Gu, especially Ao Gu who had long released his spirit weapon, becoming a beam of golden light.

“Two Star level 9 stage warriors?” The enemy’s team looked, their quantum computers long detecting their opponents’ strengths.

“Retreat!”

“Quickly retreat!”

The team leader ordered without any hesitation, the team quickly retreated.

Even though they were five Star level 9 stages, there were three with serious injuries…one had to know, even within the Star level 9 stage, there were strong ones and weak ones. The strong ones were able to fight up to ten of the same level. Heruo’s only had one pretty strong Star level 9 within his team, this was also the only reason why even though they were at a disadvantage, they could hold out for so long. And the two of them charging forward…that meant that they had confidence!

With the two teams joining together, the enemy team concluded they weren’t a match.

Even if they could fight back, with both teams incurring huge losses, that was something they didn’t want, hence they just retreated!

……

Luo Feng’s team and Heruo’s team united.

“Thanks.”

“You all are?” Immediately a bald youth with green marks on his both sides of his face walked over to say his thanks.

“They are my friends.” Heruo said, walking forward at the same time.

“Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God.” Heruo said.

“What happened, how did you end up like that?” Luo Feng and the other two looked at Heruo, Thunder God said, “Heruo, aren’t you from the Northern Dragon organization? How did you end up like this?” Thunder God and Hong had realized the importance of universe language after their first time in the Virtual Universe Network, hence they studied and learned it.

With their brain aptitude, learning was indeed very fast, while it wasn’t completely fluent yet, communicating wasn’t a problem.

“Talking about it, it’s really tragic.” Heruo shook his head, “Our team originally had five elites and five bodyguards. During the time we went to acquire the horns from the horned iron rhinos, we were surrounded by ferocious beasts and lost one bodyguard.”

“After that, along the way to the Valley of Wind and Thunder, we were even attacked six consecutive times by other teams, and in that process, we lost another two bodyguards and three elite comrades.” Heruo’s expression was pained, “Right now, our team only has two elites and two bodyguards left.”

Luo Feng felt a chill as he heard the story.

My god!

Even though his own team had experienced about ten life threatening situations, they were mostly dangers from ferocious beasts, as for robbing? With Ao Gu’s power combined with the hybrid copper essence shard, it was a clean sweep! Along with Babata’s surveillance system, Luo Feng and his group had had an arduous journey along with injuries, but they hadn’t lost anyone.

However Heruo’s team actually lost more than half of their members!

“What about Buleimu?” Thunder god asked, “Is he in another team?”

“He’s dead.” He Ruo shook his head.

Luo Feng was shocked, that build and sturdy youth who looked like a black bear, he was dead? Luo Feng still vividly remembered the scene back when he, Hong and Thunder God wished the two of them a safe return. He never thought that within the blink of an eye…Buleimu was dead.

How did it end up like this?

“There’s no point being depressed about it.” Heruo shook his head and smiled bitterly, “The many brothers and sisters I’ve lived with for many years, I’ve already lost many of them. This is our so called elite’s first exams, only through experiencing life and death struggles time and again will we finally be able to break through and become Universe levels, only those have the right to be called strong, and become an important member of the organization.”

“Filtering!”

Beside, the bald green marked youth shook his head, “This is filtering, large numbers of the so called geniuses and elites, are eliminated through these life and death missions, dying! And only through these trials are some Universe levels are produced! Our training camp has tens of thousands of elites, the ones who manage to become Universe levels, if there are ten of them, that’s not bad already.”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God exchanged glances.

Cruel…

Very cruel!

These were the rules of the universe organizations, collecting large numbers of geniuses and elites, giving the best education along with large amounts of conditions, before giving them the most cruel forms of elimination, finally producing a few strong warriors! One could say…joining the Universe Mercenary trainee exams couldn’t even be deemed a strong warrior.

This was all to prepare the strong warriors, going through with a ratio of a 1000:1, no, that was the probability of the elites of the large organizations. Accurately speaking, it was tens of millions to one, they may be able to produce a Universe level.

“Rumble…”

The entire World of Thunder suddenly fiercely vibrated, without any warning, it quaked!

All the teams were shocked.

“What’s going on?”

“This world is about to collapse?”

“My god!”

The entire World of Thunder, with its 1000 km area, with tens of thousands of people taking part in the exams, the Star level explorers, all of them looked up and around terrified, looking at the world. And Luo Feng’s team and Heruo’s team naturally too were shocked as they looked up and surveyed their surroundings, the entire world was trembling, even the mountains were shaking.

“What’s going on?” Luo Feng looked around.

“Over there!!!” Somebody shouted out.

About ten thousand Star level warriors, as long as they were in the mountain range, they all saw simultaneously the not so distant mountain tear open, with black holes that seemed to have been rips in space and time appearing. Half of these holes were on the mountain range while the other half were within it. The space around it was getting ripped apart, it was extremely terrifying and peculiar.


Chapter 335: Violent Storm

“Look, what’s up with that?” Thunder God’s eyes stared wide, pointing at the distant black holes.

“Black holes that can tear up the World of Thunder?” Beside them, Heruo from the North Dragon City team said, creasing his eyebrows. At the same time, Luo Feng was pondering and staring at the black holes, these black holes were far from the normal caves, they ripped apart time and space, peculiar existences: “Babata, just what are these black holes?”

“They should be…a world’s entrance! Right, a world’s entrance!” Babata said excitedly.

“A world’s entrance?”

Luo Feng held his alloy battle knife, feeling suspicious.

At that time, tens of thousands of explorers on the mountain range looked at the black holes, suddenly a voice resounded, “A world within a world! This could very well be the entrance to the world within this world!”

“Right, a world within a world!”

“It’s exactly a world within a world!”

“Quickly!”

Large numbers of Star level youths, coming from the Black Dragon Mountain Empire families, powers, or even some youths from other planets with peculiar appearances all burned up with raging enthusiasm, all becoming beams of lights, over ten thousand beams of lights swiftly flying straight towards the distant black holes.

“It’s a world within a world.” Heruo too was extremely excited.

“World within a world?”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were curious, at this time information popped out before them. Those explorers coming from families and different planets had understanding about several explorer stories and matters. However Luo Feng and his brothers hadn’t interacted with the virtual universe for too long, they didn’t really know much yet.

“Quickly rush, don’t let them go steal it first.” Heruo shouted, his team swiftly rushed towards the black holes.

Even though Luo Feng felt suspicious, his group still followed the large groups of teams and armies towards the black holes.

“Luo Feng, don’t be anxious.” Babata’s voice resounded, “You can wait a few minutes and it’ll be fine!”

“Babata, what’s a world within a world?” Luo Feng asked.

“A Sector Lord is able to create a world, this you know! And within this world itself, creating another concealed world. This second world, is known as a world within a world.” Babata explained, “However, to be able to build a world within a world, one first has to make sure that second world is stable enough, and that requires a huge amount of universe crystals as its foundation.”

Luo Feng understood.

World of Thunder, this was hidden within a villa on Cang Lan Star.

And this world within a world was hidden within a secret place within the World of Thunder.

“The cost of building a world within a world is extremely huge. Hence, it’s mostly used to store and hide treasures, only because of that will one not mind the costs and build it.” Babata said.

……

The black holes that appeared on the mountain range around the Valley of Wind and Thunder attracted the gathering of a large number of explorers.

Of which there was a group all dressed in black uniform, nine Star level 9 stages and one Star level 2, it was the initial group that had attacked and killed the horned iron rhinos, the ninth prince team.

“Lord.” A bodyguard said respectfully.

“Interesting, very interesting.”

The pale skinned youth held a battle knife, looking at the black holes, smiling, “A world within a world? The cost of building a world itself is already huge enough! To build another world within the first one. The difficulty is more than ten times harder! Sector Lord…to actually bear to pay such a huge price to build a world within a world, there must be some real treasures hidden within.”

“This World of Thunder was long excavated by others. And later it even became the Universe Mercenary’s exam place! After so long, with countless people passing in and out, no one had discovered this world within a world.”

“It was actually unintentionally opened by that team.”

The youth revealed a smile, “Luck! This is pure luck!”

“The lord’s luck has always been good.” The black uniform bodyguard said respectfully.

“No, this world within a world is a fat piece of meat that’s too big!” The youth shook his head, “Something that made the Sector Lord not care about the costs and build a new world to actually hide it, it definitely must be treasures that would even make other Sector Lords crazy for! The news of this world within world will swiftly spread to the four organizations, the strongest from our empire, the Domain Lords and even the Sector Lords will rush over!”

“Hence, these group of Star level explorers won’t be able to get any real treasures.” The youth said condescendingly.

“If you, the lord were to get a treasure, the strong still wouldn’t dare snatch it from you.” The black uniform bodyguard said.

The youth smiled.

“Hmm, the team closest to the entrance had sent their robot in through the entrance and it’s returned! The entrance to the world within a world is safe. Let’s go, we’ll enter.” The youth ordered, the nine bodyguards complied.

……

“Quickly!”

“The entrance to the world within the world is safe, we can enter.”

“Hundred Tiger Building brothers hurry and enter.”

The Star level explorers were all mad with the rush, and Luo Feng’s group along with Heruo’s group swiftly passed through the black hole with others.

“This is the world within a world?” Luo Feng looked around, the world within was currently dark night, in its darkness little threads of light floated down, making one unable to see far with the naked eye.

“Brother Luo Feng, please wait, I have to report the news to my organization.” Heruo said.

“Report to the organization?”

Luo Feng looked at Heruo, Hong and Thunder God too were shocked.

“Encountering such a big matter, if I dared to not report it, after the incident, I’ll definitely suffer for it.” Heruo shook his head, beside him, his other partner had already closed his eyes and his consciousness was connected to the virtual universe. After which Heruo closed his eyes. As for the two bodyguards, they stood beside them and guarded.

Luo Feng sighed quietly, these heirs and disciples under the organizations, the organizations influence on them was too absurd.

Looks like, the four organizations within the Black Dragon Mountain Empire will come to know of the news very quickly.

……

The Black Dragon Mountain star field, contained over 8000 galaxies, the number of life planets ranged in the trillions. The four organizations’ connections and roots spread over many galaxies, and of which in terms of position, power, the Black Cloud Guild, the North Dragon City, the Hundred Tiger Building and the Three Axe Mountain, the undisputed strongest would be the Three Axe Mountain!

The Three Axe Mountain was different from the other three organizations.

The other three organizations trained their elites etc, but the Three Axe Mountain didn’t even accept Star levels, the lowest requirement to join them was to be a Universe level. In terms of position, the Three Axe Mountain…their Universe levels are soldiers, their Domain Lords are commanders and their Sector Lords are generals.

According to hearsay…

The three founders of the Three Axe Mountain have the highest ranks, generals. These three founders, two have become Undying while another reached the pinnacle of Sector Lords tens of thousands of years ago, deemed invincible amongst the Sector Lords. After this there was no news of him, no one knew if he became an Undying or died.

“You are talking about the World of Thunder on Cang Lan Star?” A man dressed in a dark red battle uniform, donning a peculiar black cape, said to an old man with a white cape and silver hair.

“Yes, general!” The old man said respectfully.

“You can go.” The general ordered.

“Yes sir.” The old man’s silhouette disappeared in a flash.

The man dressed in a dark red battle uniform curled his lips slightly, his eyes flashing with a electricity, his fingers gently motioning, the surrounding space began to ripple, even creating a slight tear in the space, the general ordered: “The World of Thunder, was something Kabu created back then. No wonder no one has been able to find the treasures he hid. He actually created a world within a world! The Universe Mercenary Alliance is also very interesting, they long discovered and excavated this World of Thunder for so many years, taking all of its treasures. Only after did they send a large number of ferocious beasts in and make it an exam ground. Who would have thought…this exam grounds would have a world within a world!”

“Very interesting!”

“Kabu, after dying for ten million years, you still make us worry.” The general’s eyes gleamed, his gaze seemed as though it could poke a hole through space, “Back then, his secret techniques of space which he acquired may even be left in that world within a world.”

……

“World of Thunder, back then the World of Thunder Sector Lord Kabu created it, and there’s a world within a world? Sector Lord Kabu created this second world, the treasures he hid in them are definitely not your average treasures. Luckily, Cang Lan Star is not too far from where I am. Haha…”

……

“Quickly, quickly, quickly, hurry to the ships. Immediately set out for Cang Lan Star.”

In a particular base, large numbers of Star level 9 stages swiftly rushed into ships, after which two Domain Lords entered the ships and they departed immediately.

……

That day, the news shook the entire Black Dragon Mountain Empire, even though the Black Dragon Mountain Empire governed over 8000 galaxies, one Sector Lord was still considered the pinnacle of strength within the Black Dragon Mountain Empire already! For example the six great families, all got their position because of having one Sector Lord!

The creator of the World of Thunder, the Sector Lord Kabu was the pinnacle of Sector Lords back then!

He created a world within a world, just what treasures did it hold? The entire Black Dragon Mountain Empire, even the royal family sent its men and armies, the four organizations sent their strongest. In the eyes of the strongest…the Star level explorers may have been the ones to discover the world within the world, however the real people able to obtain the treasures within would undoubtedly be these people!

Star level? They were cannon fodder!

On a fire red planet, diameter of 8600 km, its surface was filled with red sand, this particular sand, rocky planet didn’t have a chance for life. It’s surface temperature reached up to over 3000 degrees, unsuitable for regular living by humans, this kind of planet could be found all over the universe.

On this planet, in a fire red tall mountain.

The wind blew the sand about, there was dead silence in the mountain.

“Rumble!”

Very suddenly, the entire mountain violently exploded open, trillions of rubble scattering in all directions and flying about, a purple fire rushed towards the sky, engulfed in a purple flame, dressed in armor, eyes burning, a bald man floated in the air, his forehead had a peculiar flame tattoo: “Sector Lord Kabu actually left a world within a world? No wonder after so many years no one heard any news of where he left the secret space technique crystal ball, that crystal ball might very well be in that world within the world! That would be a complete inheritance, haha, it’s mine!”

Rumble!

A huge silver pyramid appeared before him, very similar to the automaton ship on earth, only a little smaller. This silver pyramid’s bottom automatically opened into a small pathway, within it colors flashed about, extremely beautiful.

Sou!

The bald man engulfed in a purple flame who looked like a god entered the ship, after which swiftly leaving that dead silent planet, increasing in speed and entering universe travel, heading towards Cang Lan Star.


Chapter 336: Hardworking Luo Feng

World within the world.

Hu! Hu! Hu! The thousands to tens of thousands of Star level explorers entered through the black hole, all in their teams, swiftly heading in all directions and covering the skies and land.

“Third brother, where should we head to?” Hong looked at Luo Feng.

“We cannot waste any time.” Thunder God was extremely anxious.

Luo Feng looked in all directions, at that time, Heruo who had connected to the virtual universe to report the news opened his eyes, looking apologetic at Luo Feng’s group: “Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God, my apologies, I have to act according to the orders and meet up with the rest of my organization.” After which his team swiftly left.

“Follow me.” Luo Feng too rose into the air.

Hong, Thunder God, Tie Nan He and Ao Gu followed, the five man team swiftly flew close to the ground.

Before, the blurred images of the tens of thousands of explorers surrounded them, however once dispersed, and after flying for a few minutes, Luo Feng’s team was totally secluded with no one around them. This world within a world….was simply too huge. The tens of thousands of people here were simply a drop of water within a vast ocean.

“Third brother, we’re just going to fly like this?” Hong looked at Luo Feng.

“We can only do this.” Luo Feng explained, “A world within a world, is a world itself. It’s extremely huge, who knows where the treasure is hidden? Hence we can only search blindly like looking for a needle in a haystack. Luckily we have a surveillance area of 20km, as long as there’s any treasure within this area we will definitely notice it immediately!”

Luo Feng was very clear, with the vastness of the world within a world, the optimum method of searching was this.

Sticking close to the ground, and letting Babata search within the 20km area, reporting the moment he discovers anything!

“Big and second brother.” Luo Feng smiled, “Before when Heruo and the others went to gather with his North Dragon Castle group, you should both noticed something right?”

“Thunder God nodded: “The various big powers are arranging them to meet and work together.”

Grabbing treasures from the world within the world!

The number of people was important, and the four great organizations, 16 big families had many people within the world within a world, the moment they gathered, they could form teams of hundreds. And for teams like Luo Feng’s which were considered leisurely, without much background, if they fought against teams of hundreds, it was pure suicide.

“Hence, we must remain inconspicuous.” Luo Feng laughed, “If we can find any treasures that’d be great, if not, we’ll dig for some universe crystals!”

Every world has universe crystals.

A world that had yet to be excavated, the amount of universe crystals should be plenty! This was a currency that the entire universe used!

……

The world within a world, didn’t have any ferocious beasts, it was a quiet world.

“It’s really quiet.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

“Quiet is normal, the ferocious beasts within the World of Thunder were there completely because the Universe Mercenary Alliance used the place as an exam grounds, bringing them in and moving them about within.” Thunder God muttered, “Actually, without any ferocious beasts, it kind of takes away the thrill of using flying to rush about.”

“Stop!” A voice resounded fiercely within Luo Feng’s mind.

“Stop!” Luo Feng immediately used spirit reading to mentally communicate, the suddenly shout caused the other four’s ears to ring loudly.

“Damn.” Thunder God couldn’t help but hold his ear, glaring, “Luo Feng, you could speak softer.”

Luo Feng couldn’t care less about his second brother’s rubbish, communicating mentally with Babata, following that he surveyed his surroundings and said softly: “Everybody be careful, we’ve found a place to start digging!”

“Digging?” Hong and Thunder God were shocked.

“Right, 3200m underground here there’s universe crystals.” Luo Feng said softly.

“Universe crystals?”

“Damn, universe crystals?” Thunder God immediately stared.

“This land is made up for earth and soil, 1900m deeper would be rocks and stones. However, the rock stratum here shouldn’t be too solid, unlike those at the Valley of Wind and Thunder, with long periods of welding from the mad winds and lightning. It should only take a day to dig through.” Luo Feng said softly.

Universe crystals, that was a windfall! And it was an absolute currency, much more valuable than Ganwu dollars.

And right now Luo Feng was very lacking in money!

Accurately speaking, the moment the Golden Horned Beast broke through to the Universe level, that was when Luo Feng would be severely lacking in money. The 10 billion Ganwu dollars his teacher had left him in his first account was left with less than 5 billion Ganwu dollars, however the moment the Golden Horned Beast broke through, from the Universe level 1 to the Domain Lord level 1, required one thousand years!

In order to accelerate the evolution, he required purchasing many valuable and expensive metal groupings!

And the metal groupings the Universe level required were much more expensive than the Star level, and it required an even larger amount! Luo Feng’s 5 billion Ganwu dollars, using the optimum metal groupings, wouldn’t even be enough for a month of the golden horned beast’s consumption! Of course if he swallowed only normal metals and remains etc, it would be much cheaper, however the evolution speed would be much slower too.

Luo Feng couldn’t afford to waste any time!

The armies of the Nuolan Shan family were approaching soon, arriving on earth in a short amount of time. Hence…he had to acquire with the greatest speed sufficient wealth to allow the golden horned beast to evolve at the fastest speed!

“Chi chi…”

Ao Gu used the hybrid copper essence shard to dig downwards at his fastest speed, Luo Feng too followed behind anxiously. Hong and Thunder God too followed, Tie Nan He was in charge of concealing the grounds surface behind them, defending against other star level explorers discovering them. That 1900m of soil was easily broken through after just half an hour of digging.

However the rock stratum below, their speed was greatly reduced.

“This is too slow.” Luo Feng was getting anxious, “Looks like we really need a day.”

Luo Feng, if you use the cloud contact vine to grip that shard and dig, it may be even faster.” Hong said.

“That’s right!”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, digging a path underground to make a path for humans to pass through was indeed difficult, however allowing one long vine to slip through and dig was much easier.

“Ao Gu, you step back.” Luo Feng said.

“Yes.” Ao Gu stepped aside.

Luo Feng dug as deep as possible, with a thought, the cloud contact vine which was wrapped around his body immediately extended a vine, at the same time the arm guard that was originally on his wrist swiftly moved and attached itself on the vine, shrinking in size! This arm guard was where Babata laid, and it was also his storage space. This long vine was slim but strong and sturdy, on its tip was also a leaf that wrapped around the hybrid copper essence shard, swiftly extending downwards! The hybrid copper essence dug deep, the slender vine continuously extended downwards, it was simply too fast!

Back then on Earth, the Star Traveller level 5 or 6 cloud contact vine’s extension was already shocking.

Currently the Star level 4 cloud contact vine could easily extend tens of thousands of meters. Hence…After about 20 minutes, with the piercing hybrid copper essence drill tip, the vine had already reached 3200m underground.

……

3200m underground.

A large dark blue, akin to a space colored huge body of crystal was among the rocks. A leaf wrapped around the hybrid copper essence shard had extended over a 1000m, finally reaching its destination. On the vine, there was even a bracelet.

“Wahaha! Collect it!”

Babata shouted loudly.

A huge dark blue crystal body, immediately vanished within the storage space.

……

Within the storage space.

This was an incomparably large storage space, even the Yun Mo Planet ship was here.

The huge dark blue crystal appeared out of thin air, beside it, a metal robot immediately flew over, the robot’s red eyes shined, sound coming from its mouth: “Luo Feng that idiot, actually following the rules of that Earth fighter team’s rules and sharing of rewards, this universe crystal is something he obtained, he’s even prepared to split it with Hong and Thunder God. What an idiot!”

“This universe crystal is pretty big, about 9000 cubic meters! Hm, cut it!”

Immediately, a few small robots appeared.

The small robots began to swiftly cut and split the universe crystal, the universe crystal’s energy was shocking, however splitting it wasn’t too difficult, within the universe, they were usually split into currency shapes. The universe’s standard rule was for 1 cubic meter of universe crystal to be split into 1000 universe currency.

……

Underground.

Luo Feng’s cloud contact vine armor’s extended vine swiftly returned, at the same time the bracelet returned to Luo Feng’s wrist, wrapping itself around.

“Babata, how many universe crystals was there?” Luo Feng asked.

“Haha, our luck is not bad, usually universe crystals that were scattered about in a world are lesser, only the center has more universe crystals. I’d never expect you to actually get 3000 cubic meters of universe crystal, your luck is not bad.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind.

Luo Feng nodded.

“Big brother and second brother, let’s go up.” Luo Feng.

The five swiftly flew back towards the surface, quickly breaking through the surface.

“How did it go?” Thunder God looked at Luo Feng.

“How many universe crystals did we get?” Hong asked.

“Our luck is not bad.” Luo Feng looked around, it was silent and dark around them, they could vaguely make out the vast land, “These sort of scattered universe crystals within these world within worlds aren’t usually much. We actually got 3000 cubic meters this time, it’s considered quite a bit.”

“3000 cubic meters?” Thunder God’s eyes gleamed, “3000 cubic meters equates to 3 million universe currency. 1 universe currency if exchanged now, we’d be able to change for a little more than 3000 Ganwu dollars. Meaning, about 10 billion Ganwu dollars.”

“10 billion Ganwu dollars?” Hong too began to feel the huge amount of numbers.

“The first time Thunder God and I went to the Killing Fields, we heard some Universe level warriors talking about a newly discovered world, saying they acquired about 10000 cubic meters of universe crystal. We managed to get 3000 cubic meters just like that, it’s not bad.” Hong exclaimed.

“Indeed a Sector Lord’s world, the first amount and so much.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but exclaim too. “From the sayings of the universe explorers, whenever they discovered a new world, it was always a windfall! However these first excavations are usually snatched away by the Universe or even Domain Lord levels.”

“Let’s make the most of our time!” Luo Feng said, “Let’s continue!”

The first sum alone was 3000 cubic meters, catching up to the first account of wealth his teacher had left behind for him, this made Luo Feng very excited.

A Sector Lord’s world, was indeed a huge treasure!

The most inconspicuous crystals, these were huge amounts of wealth.

“However, the moment the Golden Horned Beast becomes a Universe level, its consumption of money would be shocking. This amount is far from enough, continue!” Luo Feng was filled with anticipation.

At this time, Luo Feng didn’t even know that the amount of crystal actually acquired was 9000 cubic meters, the evil Babata had intentionally hidden the other 6000 cubic meters.

……

Maybe some of the other teams had brought their own sensors, however…the abilities and designs of those sensors, how many could actually compare to Babata’s surveillance device? Under the guidance of Babata’s orders, Luo Feng and his group quickly discovered a second underground universe crystal location.

“Who knows, maybe relying on this Sector Lord’s world, I could really get enough money to support the Golden Horned Beast’s Universe level.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, controlling the vine and the bracelet digging underground, “Dig!”


Chapter 337: If You Want to Die, Enter!

“The central region of the world within a world has many universe crystals. However all those explorers aren’t stupid, two holy lands, four organizations, sixteen big families, along with several universe basic level civilizations, explorers from different planets, everyone will be heading towards the center to fight for them. The competition there will be the most intense, also the rock stratum there is much stronger, just like the theory behind the Valley of Wind and Thunder! Digging there would be very difficult, it’s much better for us to look in the other areas of the world within a world.”

“The scattered universe crystals, if gathered together, it can be quite plenty.”

Babata advised.

Luo Feng listened, at the same time controlling his cloud contact vine to dig underground! Over 3 hours passed and this was their third spot where universe crystals were discovered.

“We’ve really struck it big.” Luo Feng was secretly excited.

The first spot, they acquired 3000 cubic meters.

The second spot was a little lesser, 2000 cubic meters.

The third spot…according to Babata’s scan and search, was 4000 cubic meters!

“Chi chi…” The cloud contact vine swiftly returned.

“Babata, how much? 4000 cubic meters?” Luo Feng asked.

“Yeah, 4000.” Babata said.

Luo Feng looked up to where Hong and Thunder God were smiling from, “4000 cubic meters.”

“Haha…” Hong and Thunder God also revealed looks of happiness.

It was said that brothers didn’t have to settle debts, however even though Luo Feng had helped them a lot, be it Hong, Thunder God or Luo Feng, they were very clear…the rewards of a universe explorer, if not stated clearly at the start, would generate a lot of problems and resentment later. They had witnessed these sort of things too many times on Earth.

Hence, the three stated clearly early on.

If it were the three of them working together, it would be split three ways.

If one person did most of the work while the other two assisted, the person with the most contribution would get 60% while the other two got 20% each.

If it was one person doing all the work and the other two didn’t help at all, the person doing the work would get 80% and the other two 10% each!

“We now have a total of 9000 cubic meters of universe crystal.” Luo Feng was happy within.

“Let’s continue searching.” Hong was worried, “I’m afraid we don’t have much time, when the large organizations’ armies move in, we will definitely be disadvantaged.

“Right.” Luo Feng nodded, his expression serious.

Those heirs and disciples of families, the youths of organizations had definitely all reported to their superiors. Very quickly, universe level and even domain lord levels were bound to arrive! Even…the pinnacle of strength within the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, the Sector Lords may even appear. When that time comes, the cannon fodder star levels such as themselves would have no place at all.

A newly discovered world would originally make anyone go crazy, causing a lot of deaths of warriors.

Much less a newly discovered world within a world.

A world within a world was even more attractive than normal new worlds.

“Let’s make the best of our time!” Luo Feng ordered, “Keep searching for the next spot.”

……

In the world within a world, it was simply a treasure trove digging site! The other teams may not be able to keep up with Luo Feng’s team, but even if they managed to acquire a 100 cubic meters of universe crystals, to normal star level explorers, that was already a heavenly figure of wealth! Hence, all the Star level explorers were currently madly digging and excavating!

Unless they went to the center and fought with the tens of thousands of explorers. Otherwise, in terms of excavating, they really couldn’t compete with Luo Feng’s team.

There was no way around it…

Babata’s surveillance and scanning system was taken from the Yun Mo Planet ship itself, even normal Sector Lords didn’t have such advanced technology.

A triangular charcoal black ship flew through universe travel and arrived in a space close to Cang Lan Star.

Two men wearing silver white capes stood side by side, on their chests were 2 star Universe Mercenary medals.

“Brother Ming Yu, this time the two of us brothers should be able to acquire some treasures. That World of Thunder’s Sector Lord, had a reputation back then, I heard his treasures were plentiful, and after his death, he self imploded, no one got anything out of it.” With long purple hair, silver white cape, eyes piercing like blades, a handsome man spoke.

“Brother Dong Lao, you and I aren’t stationed so far from Cang Lang Star, hence we are the first to rush over, getting treasures would be normal.” A bulky and imposing looking man spoke, dressed in green and black.

The two could be said to be polar opposites.

One had purple hair and was extremely handsome, carefree and at ease, the other yet was tall and sturdy, strong looking, like steel. The two were the renowned Three Axe Mountain warriors… Ming Yu and Shao Dong Lai! Both were elite fighters amongst the Domain Lords. Of course, the two of them were also the Virtual Universe Network company’s military external department members.

The Virtual Universe Network company’s military external department was very lax in allowing others to join other little organizations.

Compared to the Virtual Universe Network company…

Even the Ganwu Empire didn’t pose a threat, much less the Black Dragon Mountain Empire’s Three Axe mountain organization.

“Those Star level explorers, even though they were the first to discover the world within a world. However, the treasures within, aren’t things that these little punks can take. The universe crystals they acquire would already be considered a huge windfall, they should be satisfied with that.” The purple haired man Shao Dong Lai smiled.

“When we were Star levels, we didn’t acquire any universe crystals.” Ming Yu exclaimed.

Two domain lords, they naturally assumed…

Star level explorers didn’t have any rights to contend for the treasures within the world within a world.

“Shall we go to the docking bay?” Shao Dong Lai asked.

“No need.” Ming Yu shook his head, “I have property here on Cang Lan Star, we can fly directly through, it won’t be considered a provocation or disrespect to the planet’s leader.”

This universe ship entered straight into the internal district of Cang Lan Star, very quickly, they went straight to stop in the air above the Universe Mercenary Alliance base.

……

One handsome, the other tall and sturdy, both with status and silver white capes.

The two flew down.

“Ming Yu, Dong Lai.” Immediately a green skinned man dressed in armor flew over.

“Mo Le, what’s going on?” Ming Yu and Shao Dong Lai, the two domain lords flew over, the green skinned man, seemed to have another pupil within both of his eyes, he looked extremely unpleased and pointed to the not too distant villa: “Look, the entrance to the World of Thunder is blocked by people of the Universe Mercenary Alliance. They won’t let anybody enter.”

“What’s going on?” Ming Yu and Dong Lai were shocked.

Right now the big powers from the Black Dragon Mountain Empire had sent all their elites over, at this time, it was hard to believe that the Universe Mercenary Alliance had their personnel in charge of the Cang Lan Star base deny them entry?

“Let’s go, we’ll go over.” Ming Yu said.

Immediately the three Domain Lords went over.

At the entrance of the villa stood twelve Universe level warriors, each either serious, or overbearing, or laughing and cheery, or even gloomy and cold, everyone basically had their own character. The guards of the villa definitely couldn’t hold them, however at the entrance was a lady with short silver hair dressed in a bright silver battle uniform.

“Lord Ming Yu.”

“Lord Dong Lai.”

Immediately many Universe level warriors bowed.

Ming Yu and Dong Lai nodded slightly before looking at the lady, Ming Yu said softly, “A world within the World of Thunder has been discovered, it’s no longer a suitable testing site! Since it’s no long a testing site, then every mercenary should have a right to enter the world, why are you blocking us?”

“Who are you?” The lady with short silver hair exclaimed.

“Ming Yu, Three Axe mountain commander Ming Yu.” The tall and sturdy Ming Yu stared at the lady.

“Listen well, my name is Rania.” The lady with the short silver hair subtly emanated a cold aura, as though she was the surrounding area’s master, god.

“Rania?” Ming Yu and Dong Lai creased their eyebrows.

The number of Sector Lords in the Black Dragon Mountain Empire was few, even the Domain Lords were rare, whoever had a reputation, they all recognized. However they both had never heard of this Domain Lord Rania before.

“The World of Thunder is an examination ground, it’s an examination ground of the Universe Mercenary Alliance, unless the alliance dissolves this status, otherwise, it remains as an exam ground! As a location used to select trainee mercenaries, only Star level explorers have the right to enter. Mercenaries are forbidden from entering!” The silver haired lady ordered.

Ming Yu, Shao Dong Lai and Mo Le, the three big domain lords were growing impatient.

Laws?

There were times where laws were meant to be abided by, however there were other times when they should be bent.

“Rania, what status do you have within the Universe Mercenary Alliance? To actually dare to block three Universe level 2 mercenaries!” Ming Yu ordered.

……

8 hours later.

It was already dark, at the entrance of the World of Thunder, that villa entrance, the number of Domain Lords had already reached six, the number of Universe levels had reached twenty one. However facing that silver haired lady Rania, none of them had been able to enter.

“Rumble!”

The earth and skies slightly tremored.

The large numbers of people stationed at the Universe Mercenary Alliance base looked up to see, a silver-white pyramid had appeared in the sky, immediately causing Ming Yu and many others to be shocked: “Automaton ship?” In the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, the number of strong warriors with automaton ships were few, each had a large background, and the ship before them…seemed pretty high leveled.

The silver-white pyramid suddenly vanished.

An incomparably well built bald man suddenly appeared, his eyes seemingly burning with a flame within, on his forehead was a fire tattoo, his gaze surveyed below, immediately causing all the Domain Lords’ souls to naturally lower their heads, the Universe level warriors had long bowed in respect.

“Lord An Mengzi!” the Domain Lords and Universe level warriors said respectfully.

An Mengzi was called the Flame Sector Lord. Among the Sector Lords in the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, he was an absolute elite and the pinnacle of strength, his use of fire had already reached an unbelievable level. His flame could burn and crumble even space.

“Get out of my way!”

An Mengzi stared at the silver haired lady.

The silver haired lady looked at An Mengzi, her gaze focusing on the fire tattoo on his forehead, revealing a strange smile: “An Mengzi? You already attained the recognition of the elemental source laws of the universe? Truly an elite Sector Lord. However…this is an examination grounds world, a Universe Mercenary Alliance decreed exam grounds world! Only participating Star level explorers can enter, mercenaries are forbidden.”

“I told you to let me through!” An Mengzi’s voice was thick, it made people tremble.

Weng!

A silver white light appeared around the silver haired lady’s body.

“Impudence!” the silver haired lady shouted, pointing angrily at the powerful fighter before her, “An Mengzi, you actually dare to disregard and provoke the laws of the Universe Mercenary Alliance? The examination grounds world, all but Star levels are forbidden, if you wish to die, then enter! I can guarantee, if you enter now, later on, the Universe Mercenary Alliance law enforcement will come kill you, causing your soul to return to nothing, as though you never existed!”

“Along with the others, all listen up.”

The silver haired lady stepped back, pointing at the villa, “If you want to die, enter!”

Within an instant.

Six Domain Lords, twenty one Universe level warriors all went silent, even this Flame Sector Lord An Mengzi seemed to ponder hard upon hearing the words of this silver haired lady, no one actually moved to barge through.

The days passed one by one.

The number of warriors on Cang Lan Star grew, however none were able to enter the World of Thunder. It seemed as though the words ‘If you want to die, enter” had a terrifying effect on all of them. And that world within a world, the Star level cannon fodder were all excited amidst their madness, Luo Feng and his group were also grasping every bit of time they had and excavating.


Chapter 338: Big Earnings

In the vast skies, a large light ball floated high above, shining and lighting up the world within a world.

“Rumble…” A waterfall over a 100m high poured and down, smashing into the deep natural pond below, the pond itself emanated a chilly air. Suddenly, five human silhouettes burst out from the surface of the pond, landing on the shore beside. The light shone down on them, their alloy battle armors reflected the glaring light, these five were Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God, Tie Nan He and Ao Gu.

“We finally got a huge score.” Thunder God exclaimed, “The past few days have been killing me.”

“Separated into the different regions of this world within a world, the universe crystals that are scattered don’t follow any pattern at all! At times we find a few hidden underground, at times periods pass without anything. This is very normal.” Luo Feng’s gaze surveyed their surroundings, around them the forest was silent, no other life forms about.

“Third brother, how much universe crystals do we have in total?” Hong asked.

“The three days added up, there’s a total of 31,000 cubic meters of universe crystals.” Luo Feng smiled.

This was a number that deserved excitement and happiness.

From the time they entered the world within a world, his group had been scouring close to the ground and searching, it couldn’t be helped that the world was extremely large, with an area stretching over a million km, such a big world, if they truly wanted to cover every inch, it would require tens of thousands of trips just to complete it!

No!

Even if they came and went tens of thousands of times, they would have only searched everything within a 20km area search span.

This world’s depth alone far exceeded 20km.

Just searching 20km down from the surface would require thousands of years! As it was too huge, hence even searching required a large amount of luck!

The first day, during the first 10 hours, his group had continuously found ten universe crystal locations, a total of 15,000 cubic meters of universe crystals.

However from then till the second day afternoon, after about 20 hours, they had only found one spot with only 300 cubic meters.

From then till now, their luck got better.

They continuously found five spots, especially the last spot deep in the pond where they found 6000 cubic meters.

The three days added up together, the total reached 31,000 cubic meters of universe crystals.

“31,000 cubic meters, means 31 million universe currency, close to 100 billion Ganwu dollars. Back then my teacher only left me 10 billion Ganwu dollars! This newly excavated world, is indeed good to earn from…” Luo Feng felt elation within, his little team had just left Earth and begun exploring the vast universe.

The first time entering the Universe Mercenary trainee exams and encountering such a huge fortune.

“Luo Feng, according to logic, there should be Universe level warriors coming in here and chasing us out.” Hong creased his eyebrows. “Why hasn’t there been any news up till now?”

“It is weird.” Luo Feng shook his head, “The World of Thunder may be huge, but to fly to the Valley of Wind and Thunder from far, with a Universe level’s strength, no need to fear the ferocious beasts, one day should suffice. These three days have passed…and we haven’t discovered a single Universe level within the world within a world, much less the Domain and Sector Lords.”

“Why think so much, since they aren’t coming in here, let’s continue to search and dig for the universe crystals, the moment we miss this opportunity, we’d lose a huge advantage.” Thunder God urged.

“Haha, makes sense.” Hong was also filled with anticipation.

In the universe.

Even planets could be bought and sold, also feeding and nurturing the cloud contact vine with Mu Ya crystals these could be purchased and sold, basically, everything required sufficient wealth. With that, even Universe level slaves could be bought! As the three man group from Earth exploring the universe, Luo Feng naturally wanted to madly dig up more crystals.

The more wealth he had, in the future with their help, earth had more chances of evolving.

They were Earth’s pioneers!

“Let’s go!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, filled with hope.

“Haha, Let’s go!” Thunder God and Hong felt the same way.

The five man group became five beams of light. With the help of the surveillance device, they continued to search and excavate for more crystals.

Cang Lan Star.

At the entrance to the World of Thunder, within the villa that was brimming with history, stood the bald sturdy man who resembled a mountain with his eyes closed, the fire tattoo on his forehead made people tremble, making people cower in reflex. Looking at the tattoo, it was like an ant looking at a tall mountain.

He stood there, the surrounding space was trembling, the air around his body occasionally sparking with flames.

Before him stood the silver haired lady Rania, as for the other Domain Lords, Universe level warriors, they were outside the villa’s flower garden, within the flower garden stood only An Mengzi and Rania.

“An Megnzi, why aren’t you entering?” a powerful voice resounded within the garden.

Dressed in a dark blue battle armor, wearing a helmet on his head, a man that seemed even more imposing and sturdy than An Mengzi, almost like a god, suddenly appeared, his hollow steps made the air around tremble, when he landed in the garden, the entire garden immediately vanished and became a vast spacious land, beside a huge mountain.

While talking, changing the landscape and controlling both land and skies.

“Who are you, you are the one stopping An Mengzi?” The tall and sturdy man looked at the silver haired lady, his eyes seemed extremely glaring for a moment, akin to a sun shining down on the land.

“Rania! Universe Mercenary Alliance Ganwu special forces Rania.” The silver haired lady looked at him, “You should be middle Sector Lord Ba Si Ha from the Black Dragon Mountain Empire sacred land.

“Special forces?”

The tall and sturdy man looked at the silver haired lady before him, turning suspiciously to An Mengzi, a voice resounded within An Mengzi’s mind, “An Mengzi, who is she? Seems as though she has background and status, able to call you directly by your name, just what is her identity?”

“No idea.” An Mengzi muttered.

“If you don’t know, then why have you stopped just because of a Domain Lord?” Ba Si Ha crease his eyebrows.

“I don’t know who she is, but I know she has an Undying behind her!” An Mengzi said.

“Undying?” A huge wave of shock erupted within Ba Si Ha, however on the surface he remained like a rock, very stable. Following which his gaze turned to Rania, his world energy gently feeling about her surroundings, indeed there was a heart stopping terrifying power about her.

“Lord Ba Si Ha.”

The silver haired lady’s eyes were calm, “This World of Thunder is our Universe Mercenary Alliance examination ground, unless the alliance itself decrees that it no long has that status, otherwise, it is an examination ground world. Only participating trainee mercenaries, Star level explorers can enter, no one else is allowed.”

“If anybody were to barge in, it would be a breach of the Alliance laws!” The silver haired lady looked at Ba Si Ha.

Ba Si Ha felt his headache.

To think that he, Ba Si Ha, with such a lofty position, a high rank in even one of the two sacred lands of the Black Dragon Mountain star field. Even the emperor of the Black Dragon Mountain Empire had to respect him…however now, against this silver haired lady he couldn’t do anything. Killing her was too simple!

However…

One, the silver haired lady ‘s background was huge.

Two, she had made it very clear, barging would mean a breach in the Alliance’s laws, who would dare to barge in? Offending the Universe Mercenary Alliance was simply suicide.

Laws were laws, however with such matter people usually closed one eye and let things pass. Who would risk themselves and offend such powerful beings? However it seemed that this silver haired lady’s background was obviously not small, she didn’t have any qualms about offending them!

“An Mengzi, where did she come from?” Ba Si Ha creased his eyebrows, troubled within.

“No idea.” An Mengzi communicated softly and seriously mentally.

One day later.

A third sector lord arrived.

Dressed in a dark red battle armor, with a black cape around him, an extremely demonic handsome man moved in a flash, the skies about turned to thunder and lightning, and he appeared within the garden. The handsome man had a lightning tattoo on his forehead, when he blinked his eyes, there were sparks of lightning.

“Rania, why are you here?” The handsome man stood within the garden, creasing his eyebrows at her.

“Three Axe mountain, Jiang Tian Chen!”

An Mengzi, Ba Si Ha, these 2 were powerful and shocking Sector Lords, in strength however, Ba Si Ha was much stronger. However… compared to Tien Chen, he was still much weaker. Tien Chen was definitely amongst the top five absolute strongest within the Black Dragon Mountain star field! As one of the absolute warriors of the Three Axe Mountain, he was also a key position holder within the Virtual Universe Network Black Dragon Mountain department.

“I represent my teacher from the Black Dragon Mountain star field to patrol this area, discovering this incident, I definitely have to attend to it!” Rania looked at Tien Chen, “Right now I represent my teacher and forbid any breaches against the laws of the Universe Mercenary Alliance.”

The extremely handsome Jiang Tien Chen creased his eyebrows, Pa! Pa! Pa! Lighting and electricity struck around the area.

“What rubbish.” Tien Chen was frustrated.

“What rubbish!”

Rania raged, “Jiang Tien Chen, these are the laws of our Universe Mercenary Alliance, not something for you to govern over! I definitely can’t stop you, however I will make a record of what happens here and report to my teacher. Whoever dares to openly disregard the rules will have to be reported and exterminated, soul destroyed, as though he never existed. Don’t say I didn’t warn you.”

Jiang Tien Chen’s squinted.

An Mengzi, Ba Si Ha really handed it off to this lady. So what if one had a big background? To actually dare to speak to Jiang Tien Chen this way, really took guts.

“You doing this, you realize you are offending the strongest within the Black Dragon Mountain star field.” Jiang Tien Chen creased his eyebrows and looked at Rania.

“Don’t try and scare me with these! Whoever dares to enter, I will abide by the rules, and report to the alliance.” Rania said coldly.

Jiang Tien Chen shook his head, “Your power is far from your teachers, but your temper is pretty similar.”

“An Mengzi, Ba Si Ha, I’ll arrange for our Black Dragon Mountain star field’s four organizations and two sacred lands to hold a meeting and discuss this world within a world.” Jiang Tien Chen looked at An Mengzi and Ba Si Ha.

The two nodded.

“Jiang Tien Chen, why, gathering people to pressure me?” Rania grew even more imposing.

She was enraged.

It wasn’t just a ruse, she was prepared to back everything up!

“You’ve even taken out the rulebook of the Alliance, who dares to fight with you?” Jiang Tien Chen looked at her, “Relax, I will act according to the Alliance rules, definitely won’t send any Universe levels, Domain Lords or Sector Lords in.” At the same time, he sent a thread of thought into the Virtual Universe Network.

Maintaining his consciousness in reality while separately sending a part of it into the virtual universe. To a Sector Lord, this was extremely simple.


Chapter 339: Sector Lord Meeting

Virtual Universe.

The sky was azure blue, pure without a single blemish, clouds and mist were scattered about, in this cloud filled sky virtual space, a solid stone round table with a diameter of 10m floated, on it were a motley of scars. Around the floating stone round table floated stone chairs of the same material.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Human silhouettes appeared one after another, appearing out of nowhere, of which there were Tien Chen, An Mengzi, Ba Si Ha, they each chose a stone chair to sit in.

“I represent the Three Axe Mountain.” Jiang Tien Chen sat in the stone chair, saying coldly.

“I represent the Ice Neptune Empire.” Dressed in a white robe, with long almost translucent hair, a lady smiled.

“I represent Black Dragon Mountain Empire.” With a face covered in scales, revealing only two red pupils, a Sector Lord that was almost 4m tall said lowly.

……

Twelve human silhouettes.

Each representing the four organizations, two sacred lands and sixteen families. Of which, the sixteen families only sent one representative while the four organizations and two sacred lands had a total of eleven sector lords.

“Then, let’s begin the meeting.” The scaly huge man from Black Dragon Mountain Empire said seriously.

“The entrance to the World of Thunder is currently being guarded by the Universe Mercenary Alliance Ganwu special forces Rania, forbidding anyone other than Star level explorers to enter.” Jiang Tien Chen’s voice resounded about the virtual space.

“This Rania, what’s her status?” A gentle voice resounded from the lady Sector Lord from Ice Neptune country.

“Her teacher is Ganwu Empire’s 3rd corps military master.” Jiang Tien Chen said, “the third master spoils her.”

“3rd corps military master?”

The other eleven Sector Lords were stunned.

“Right, hence we are unable to force our way in.” Jiang Tien Chen’s gaze swept past every Sector Lord, “Hence I was thinking…there’s only one way, which is to arrange for a large group of Star level 9 explorers to take part in the mercenary trainee exams and enter the World of Thunder.”

“Good idea!”

“Yes.”

Jiang Tien Chen’s words had roused up and gained the approval and nod of a group of Sector Lords.

“If there are any other suggestions please speak.” Jiang Tien Chen said.

“With that Rania blocking the entrance, who would dare blatantly go against the Alliance rules?” The scaly big man laughed softly, “Alright, Brother Jiang, we’ll do according to what you said! We’ll arrange for a large group of Star level 9 explorers to enter.”

“So how much should each party arrange?”

“How are we dividing the numbers?”

Immediately the twelve Sector Lords began to specifically calculate and discuss, the more men they could send out, the better the advantage at getting the treasures. Actually it was mostly a big discussion between the four organizations and the two sacred lands!

“Sixteen families, every family can at most send 10,000 Star level explorers.”

“The four organizations, every one can send at most send 200,000 Star level explorers.”

“The two sacred lands, each side can at most send 500,000 Star level explorers.”

……

This Black Dragon Mountain star field meeting of the upper echelon’s result, led very quickly to the four organizations and two sacred lands dividing up their troops internally. Under each organization there were other Sector Lords, Domain Lords, Universe levels, and according to their strength, their positions were different too. The number of troops they were allowed were therefore different.

Cang Lan Star.

Since the two sacred lands, four organizations and sixteen families combined their forces after having been barred with no one but Star level explorers being allowed into the world of thunder…

“Wow, so many are headed over.”

“It’s totally black, just how many are there?”

At the Universe Mercenary Alliance base, a few explorers were shocked as they looked at the sky, all they could see were huge battle ships floating in mid air, at the same time large amounts of dark grey armored soldiers flew down from above, covering the entire sky. In a flash, they all flew in an orderly single file towards the entrance of the World of Thunder…the villa.

“What’s going on?” Dressed in a silver armor, Rania shouted.

“Lord, we are all Star level explorers who have accepted the Universe Mercenary trainee exam mission.” A star level fighter leading the group said respectfully.

“You are all here for the trainee exams?” Rania was shocked, looking at the team before her.

This team that had formed an extremely long line stretched all the way to the skies.

Just how many were there?

Rania however did a sweep of everyone of them, this extremely long line of explorers, were indeed all Star level explorers who had accepted the mercenary trainee exam mission.

……

Within the villa’s flower garden.

An Mengzi, Ba Si Ha and Jiang Tien Chen watched as this team swiftly entered the World of Thunder.

“An Mengzi, your speed is amazing.” Ba Si Ha looked at An Mengzi.

“10,000 Star level 9 explorers, just nice.” An Mengzi’s lips curled into a smile, “Sorry all, I was prepared in advance.”

……

Even the Nuolan Shan could produce 10,000 Star level 9 warriors, much less a Sector Lord existence! To them, finding 10,000 Star level 9 warriors was as easy as breathing! For someone like An Mengzi, just his territory alone was three galaxies, excluding the other places that admired him and worked under him.

……

From then on, the skies of Cang Lan Star were filled with team after team arriving.

They were all Star level explorers, almost all Star level 9 warriors! Be it teams of ten of teams of thousands, or even large teams of ten thousand. The teams of Star level 9 warriors entered single file into the World of Thunder! Ironically, several explorers from before who were here to take the trainee exam were held up.

Cang Lan Star, Universe Mercenary Alliance base, within a bar beside it.

Ming Yu and Shao Dong Lai, two domain lords were sitting within. Other than the two Domain Lords within the bar, everyone else was at the Universe level! Normal explorers all didn’t even dare to enter. And at this time, an obviously very icy man dressed in dark green armor with pointy ears entered, his gaze surveyed the bar before discovering Ming Yu and Shao Dong Lai.

“Lord Ming Yu, Lord Dong Lai.”

“Nuolan Shan, you’ve brought your armies too.” Ming Yu and Dong Lai nodded, even though the two of them were Domain Lords, the one before them was Nuolan Shan who had the Battle-axe fighter title. Back when they were in Universe level, they couldn’t even achieve this title. Hence they still had respect for Nuolan Shan.

“Just a few troops.” Nuolan Shan smiled, “They are all outside.”

Ming Yu and Shao Dong Lai glanced outside.

Outside the window in the plain fields, teams dressed in standard uniforms were all lined up.

“Not that little, there’s 200 of them.” Ming Yu complemented, “Universe levels, some of them were only allocated 50, or some others a 100.”

The 200 Star level 9 warriors from the Nuolan Shan family headed towards the villa in an orderly fashion, entering into the world single file.

These 200 were Star level 9 warriors with the highest battle abilities, hand picked specially by Nuolan Shan from the family.

“It was just luck.” Nuolan Shan smiled.

“Ok, you can go.” Ming Yu said indifferently.

“Yes.” Nuolan Shan slightly bowed and walked to a corner of the bar, sitting with two familiar Universe levels. The entire bar was filled with Universe levels in groups, Domain Lords too, everybody was waiting for when the Star level 9s all returned.

In the bar, in a spot against the window, Ming Yu and Shao Dong Lai were engaged in conversation.

“The number of people who entered are certainly plenty.” Shao Dong Lao exclaimed.

“The two sacred lands, four organizations and sixteen families, added up together, it’s about 2 million Star level explorers!” Ming Yu too exclaimed, “Look, the Star level explorers outside getting ready to enter the World of Thunder have already formed such a long line, lining up to the skies.”

“Right.”

Shao Dong Lai glanced outside through the window.

The skies were completely covered and dark, almost as though a huge black cloud was covering the skies!

“You and I have both sent one thousand people in, who knows what we’ll get from it.” Shao Dong Lai shook his head.

“The Star levels fly really slow, and there are ferocious beasts blocking, even with a huge army who dare to fly strongly within, it would still take about seven to eight days to reach the Valley of Wind and Thunder!” Ming Yu shook his head, “Hence, those who take advantage of being there first, the first group of explorers within the World of Thunder, those are the ones most likely to acquire treasures within the world within a world.”

Shao Dong Lai nodded, asking, “How many do you have under you that were there initially?”

“No one, you should know too that the Three Axe Mountain doesn’t nurture young people.” Ming Yu shook his head, suddenly recalling, his eyes gleamed, “Right, the three youths that I recruited, the ones that I advised to take part in the universe missions. Back then it seemed as though they were quite moved by my speech, if they wanted to take risks then they could have very likely joined the mercenary trainee exams.”

“Three youths?” Shao Dong Lai was shocked.

“Right, it was Lord Man Luo who asked me to observe them, they are called Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God.” Ming Yu revealed a smile; “I’ll contact them now.”

“Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God?” Shao Dong Lai muttered, “Able to gain the attention of Lord Man Luo?”

It was dark night in the world within a world.

It was already the eighth day since they entered the world within a world, in a large plain field, with wild grass growing a plenty, the land slightly shook, following that with a boom, five human silhouettes emerged from the land.

“We’ve gone eight days without rest, it’s getting tedious. How come those Universe levels still aren’t arriving?” Thunder God mocked.

“Complaining after getting a good deal.” Hong laughed.

“It is tiring, however it is still thrilling.” Luo Feng was feeling extremely elated, Thunder God nodded, “Right, thrilling! Digging for universe crystals is thrilling, just thinking of how Earth’s price was 2.1 billion Ganwu dollars, and right now we’ve already dug up… about 96000 cubic meters of universe crystals, close to 300 billion Ganwu dollars, you could say we’ve dug up a 100 Earths already.”

“This comparison is indeed interesting.” Luo Feng laughed out.

96000 cubic meters of universe crystals. It’s worth was 300 billion Ganwu dollars!

It was a huge sum.

To a Universe level warrior, this was already a huge sum of wealth. Discovering and excavating a new world was indeed a very thrilling matter.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“What’s up?” Hong and Thunder God looked at him.

“Give me a moment, I’ll enter the Virtual Universe Network. “Luo Feng said and closed his eyes.

……

Black Dragon Mountain Island, Nine Star Bay.

Luo Feng appeared within his own house, with a glance he saw Xu Xin who was checking through the news.

“Luo Feng?” Xu Xin stood up excitedly, “These few days you haven’t been entering the Virtual Universe Network.”

“It’s been busy these few days, time is money, time is power. These few days, every minute and second cannot be wasted.” Luo Feng laughed, these words made her suspicious: “What do you mean? These few days every minute and second cannot be wasted, where have you been these few days?”

“I’ll let you know when I return.” Luo Feng’s thoughts moved, a screen appeared before him with a message request.

It was the Virtual Universe Network company’s military department based in Black Dragon Mountain Empire, external department Ming Yu’s message request.

“Di.”

Luo Feng connected the call.

“Lord Ming Yu.” Luo Feng smiled at Ming Yu.

“Luo Feng, I want to ask you, are you in the world within a world in World of Thunder right now?”


Chapter 340: The Central Area

“A world within a world?” Luo Feng looked at the screen, his heart trembled slightly.

Several thoughts raced through his mind, according to logic, his participation in the Universe Mercenary trainee exams wasn’t leaked out or divulged at all. The people who knew were very few! Even though ‘Heruo’ knew, he was from the Northern Dragon City, he didn’t have the rights to contact someone like Ming Yu! That, this Domain Lord, lord Ming Yu, how did he know he was in this world within a world?

“It’s not strange! Back then when I spoke to you three, I could see you guys had the idea of exploring the universe. And with your strength, the first mission you’d think of naturally would be the Universe Mercenary trainee exam. And within the entire Black Dragon Mountain star field, there’s only this World of Thunder.” Ming Yu was very frank and open.

Luo Feng looked at the tall and sturdy man man in the screen, “Lord Ming Yu, and the reason for your call?”

“This world within a world is something a very reputable Sector Lord within the last ten million years of the Black Dragon Mountain star field created, his name was Kabu, known as the Thunder Sector Lord.” Ming Yu swiftly spoke, “And this Sector Lord Kabu’s luck was really good, even amongst the Sector Lords he was very wealthy, with several very renowned treasures that would make even Sector Lords green with envy!”

Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat, asking, “The Lord Ming Yu, why haven’t you all entered the world within a world?”

This question was something Hong, Thunder God and himself had been wondering for awhile.

“It’s a long story, when you exit from the World of Thunder you will know.” Ming Yu spoke in a low serious tone, “The reason for my call is to tell you! Even though non-Star level explorers are unable to enter the World of Thunder, however the treasures within are too alluring. Hence, the large organizations and powers within the Black Dragon Mountain star field have all sent out Star level 9 teams to enter the World of Thunder.”

“What?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Teams and armies of Star level 9 warriors?

The entire Black Dragon Mountain star field, had over 8000 galaxies, and just the Silverblue Empire alone had over 500! Such a large area star field, sending out Star level 9 warriors, how many would that add up to?

“A total of how many?” Luo Feng asked.

“With the gathering of all the elite and upper echelon within the Black Dragon Mountain star field, organizing the Sector Lord meeting, the final verdict ended with the total number of explorers from all sides adding up to 2 million.” Ming Yu said softly.

Luo Feng went silent.

Two million?

As the saying goes, the moment the numbers exceeded tens of thousands, it would already feel overcrowded. This two million strong army, the moment it was formed, that would be a sea of people that couldn’t be seen end to end. And they were all Star level 9 warriors! A million strong army of Star level 9 warriors, even Universe levels who saw that would be scared and would retreat.

Even ants can bite an elephant to death!

To a Universe level warrior, Star level 9 warriors were akin to ants, however if it were 2 million ants, to be able to kill them all, his internal energy maybe not even be enough.

“The explorer teams are big and small. Some are underlings of Sector Lords while others are underlings of either Domain Lords or Universe levels.” Ming Yu smiled, encouraging, “As they are not united, you don’t have to be too worried, just as long as you hide and take cover, there’s hope for your survival.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng couldn’t relax at all.

Two million Star level 9 warriors!

It made one’s scalp go completely numb! If it were a single Sector Lord, two million Star level 9 warriors wouldn’t be an easy feat to gather, however since this was the combined forces of the entire Black Dragon Mountain star field, it was naturally simple.

“What a magnificent sight.” Luo Feng sighed to himself.

“Lord Ming Yu, what’s the reason for your call?” Luo Feng asked again.

“There’s definitely a reason for my call.” Ming Yu smiled, “I’ll tell you, even though there’s a huge army of 2 million Star level 9 warriors entering, the problem lies on Cang Lan Star, there’s a huge gathering of all the strongest in the Black Dragon Mountain star field! Each district’s strongest have gathered and barricaded Cang Lan Star, stopping other explorers from entering the World of Thunder, simultaneously… the moment somebody exits from the World of Thunder, like for instance, you, Luo Feng! As long as he isn’t from either the two sacred lands, the four large organizations or the sixteen families…then the result and consequence, you should understand immediately.”

Luo Feng’s expression changed drastically.

That’s too heinous!

The large organizations of the Black Dragon Mountain star field have teamed up, obviously all wanting to have pieces of the world within the world pie! As long as it wasn’t from either of their powers, blackmail or threatening would be a simple let off, most probably one would be robbed and killed altogether!

“Right now on Cang Lan Star, there’s a large group of Universe levels!”

“There’s over one hundred Domain Lords!”

“And close to ten Sector Lords!”

“Luo Feng, think about it, if you were to exit from the World of Thunder, wouldn’t the outcome be tragic?” Ming Yu smiled as he looked at Luo Feng, however with his huge tall and sturdy frame, his smile was indeed terrifying.

Luo Feng too was stunned.

Domain Lords?

Those were existences that could destroy life planets like Earth with a simple slap! The renowned interstellar fleets were nothing but playthings in the face of a Sector Lord. Even the Silverblue Empire trembled in fear of the Sector Lords. The Nuolan Shan family was nothing but ants compared to a Sector Lord, and there were close to ten of them here on Cang Lan Star?

My god!

“Lord Ming Yu, what should I do then?” Luo Feng looked at Ming Yu, even though he had already guessed what this absolute warrior thought of already.

“You should have already guessed what I’m thinking.”

Ming Yu said very casually, “Very simple, you guys are the first batch to enter the world within the world. And the other Star level 9 armies, even though they are huge in numbers, but they are still too late! You all are the ones with the most hope of acquiring the treasures. Sector Lord Kabu had many treasures that would make even Sector Lords grow green with envy, if you share some with me, I, this Domain Lord would be moved.”

“The thing that you have to do is, after acquiring the treasures, find something that can interest me and give it to me!”

“Of course I will not mistreat you!” Ming Yu smiled.

“Also, wearing my banner, the other large powers naturally will not bother you.”

……

One had to be smart to become a strong warrior, hence Luo Feng naturally didn’t reject his offer.

After finishing the conversation with Ming Yu, Luo Feng left the Virtual Universe Network.

“Sister-in-law, my big brother returned earlier?” Luo Hua seemed rather tired as he walked outside from the wooden house, sitting on a chair outside and sipping a drink was Xu Xin who nodded and smiled: “Right, he came into the Virtual Universe Network for awhile just now. However, he just returned to reality.”

“I have matters to tell him! Oh, I missed the chance.” Luo Hua creased his eyebrows.

“What matters?” Xu Xin closed her virtual diary, within the virtual universe , the screen could be set to display whatever and however, since Xu Xin came from Earth, she was already used to having a diary, she naturally relied on the quantum computer to assist her.

“It’s a meeting on Earth.”

Luo Hua explained, “The leaders of the countries of Earth had a meeting, they were thinking of …sending out a few pioneers out into the universe to establish contact with the universe.”

“What?” Xu Xin creased her eyebrows.

“Humans are that way. Since they had the transmitter helmets and connected with the Virtual Universe Network, now they want more, not just virtual, they want to experience the real thing.” Luo Hua shook his head, “They told me to tell my brother, since I’m just a messenger, I have no power or say.”

“Don’t be worried.”

Xu Xin creased her eyebrows, “Your brother is currently very busy, when he’s done with it, you can tell him then.”

Luo Hua thought for awhile before nodding slightly, “Right, that’s good too.”

World within a world.

Within the grass fields, Luo Feng and his team squatted low.

“Third brother, your acceptance of Lord Ming Yu’s terms was right.” Thunder God thought as he nodded. “What he says makes a lot of sense, those large organizations have definitely teamed up and will not let any little shrimps without background leave with the treasures.”

“I thought so too hence I agreed.” Luo Feng nodded.

“However, I’m very worried about one thing now.” Thunder God creased his eyebrows, “When we leave, we have to leave with Ming Yu! However, if this Ming Yu secretly kills us and takes our treasures, he wouldn’t have to deliver on his end, and he’d be able to take all our treasures.”

“Right, we cannot be unguarded about this.” Hong nodded.

“I was worried about this too.” Luo Feng was troubled.

Working with Ming Yu, they could avoid dealing with the other powers. However if Ming Yu turned on them and killed them, what then?

A Domain Lord warrior, if he wanted to kill them it was as easy as flipping his hand.

“Relax Luo Feng.” A clear crisp voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind, “This Ming Yu actually sought you guys out as just another method for more treasures! One has to know, there are tens of thousands of people within the first batch who entered the world within the world! Tens of thousands of people fighting for the treasures, Ming Yu wouldn’t have too much faith in you guys getting the treasures,it’s just more of a comparison of your luck compared to the later 2 million army entering!”

“Also!”

“Right now on Cang Lan Star, Universe levels, Domain Lords and Sector Lords, large numbers of powerful people have gathered. This is a rare gathering within the Black Dragon Mountain star field! Anyone who dares to rob and kill on Cang Lan Star, the Sector Lords would be the first to notice. That Ming Yu isn’t that evil or stupid enough to make a move on Cang Lan Star. The strong all care a lot about reputation and respect.”

“Trust in the strong’s promise!”

“Especially where the strong gather, like Cang Lan Star. No matter how sly or devious one is, he still has to maintain the most basic behavior as a powerful person.”

Babata’s speech made Luo Feng realize.

That was true.

A Domain Lord warrior, an absolute warrior enough to terrify a basic level empire, especially in such a large gathering, indeed wouldn’t take his reputation as a joke.

……

“Right now the two million explorer army are steadily entering the World of Thunder. They only require about seven to eight days to reach the world within a world. Hence, we cannot stay in the edges around the world within a world anymore.” Luo Feng said softly, “We have to grasp the opportunity and head to the center region!”

“Right! Universe crystals are valuable.” Thunder God nodded, “However, the treasures that could make the Domain and Sector Lords go crazy are the real treasures.”

Hong slightly nodded.

“However we do have to be careful, there were tens of thousands of people in the first batch to enter.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, “Especially the large organizations, powers, the little teams have all teamed up together. Compared to them, our team of five is simply too weak and little. Hence we have to remain discreet, we’ll discuss again after we’ve figured out the center region’s terrain.”

“That makes sense. The universe crystals are mostly situated around the center region, that place would definitely be filled with killing and robbing.” Thunder god was getting excited.

On the eighth day in the world within a world.

Luo Feng’s team hadn’t dared to go near the center region mostly because they had guessed that it would be chaos and killing there.

And right now, they had no choice but to go.

That was because in seven to eight days, the two million strong army would enter and they would first appear at the edges of the world.

“Let’s depart!” Luo Feng ordered.

The five man team immediately became five beams of light and headed towards the center region of the world within a world.


Chapter 341: Black Eating Black

Flying within the world within a world, at least there weren’t any ferocious beasts.

The ferocious beasts of the World of Thunder were specially chosen by the Universe Mercenary Alliance as part of the tests and shipped in. This world within a world was just discovered, hence it was still as it was! However…this new world made humans even more crazy. Luo Feng and his group were heading towards the center from the outer regions.

Within six short days, they encountered twenty one incidents of attacks on their lives!

The first day they encountered one.

The second day three times.

The third day two times.

The fourth day two times.

The fifth day five times.

The sixth day eight times.

Very clearly, the closer they got to the central region, the number of robbing and killing explorers grew. Luckily Luo Feng could check within a 20km area, hence…even though they encountered twenty one attacks, they were only surprised occasionally, without any real losses.

And right now, was the seventh day.

“Looking at the position of the light ball, we should be pretty close to the central region, I estimate it should be either today or tomorrow that we arrive.” Luo Feng looked up to look at the light ball in the sky, its position was located exactly in the central spot of the entire world. Hence, as long as they proceeded towards the location of the light ball they would be heading towards the central region.

“The closer we get the more dangerous it’ll get, yesterday we actually encountered eight attacks from robbers.” Thunder God didn’t dare to relax.

“Universe crystals, large amounts of universe crystals do indeed make the explorers go crazy.” Luo Feng sighed.

Star level fighters and spirit readers.

On an aboriginal planet, they were deemed as kings and even tyrants! However in a Sector Lord’s world that was created with the formation of a large amount of universe crystals, they would go crazy.

“Everybody be careful.” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

“What’s wrong?” Hong, Thunder God, Ao Gu and Tie Nan He looked at Luo Feng.

“3 o’clock ahead, 19.2 km, there are fifty explorers, forty eight of them are Star level 9 warriors.” Luo Feng’s thoughts communicated with the rest, “Everybody change direction! Quickly!” Having been in this world for some time, Luo Feng’s group had had enough experience and immediately changed their direction and fled.

However after just 2 to 3 km of flight.

“Stop.” Luo Feng’s expression changed slightly.

They stopped suddenly, Hong and Thunder God were surprised as they came to a sudden stop, the strong weeds and grass below them dropped low as the wind pressure forced them down.

“What’s up?” Hong and Thunder God asked with their raw energy.

“There are fifty explorers ahead too.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

“What?”

“We have to change our direction.” Luo Feng was very direct, the team once again changed their direction.

The team of five from Earth once again stuck close to the ground and flew, however in a blink of an eye, in a distant grass patch black silhouettes rushed towards the sky, at the same time from another direction another large group of black silhouettes swiftly flew over, a total of six groups of men flew over, very united as they surrounded Luo Feng’s team.

“There’s actually six groups, every group with fifty men? A three hundred man team!” Thunder God stared hard.

“Quickly flee!” Luo Feng ordered ferociously.

Rumble!

Ao Gu grabbed onto Thunder God and Hong while Luo Feng and Tie Nan He also fled at their greatest speed.

“Not good, they are faster than us.” Thunder God’s urgent message communicated via raw energy.

“Trouble.” Hong too was flustered.

Luo Feng lowered his head and looked at the screen on his arm, there were three hundred dots on the screen chasing their five! Very clearly these three hundred were one team being ordered about, they separated like a fan formation, the moment a little team enters their area, the three hundred would surround them together and swallow them like eating dumplings!

“Luo Feng, they are faster than you.”

“Their leading batch are all Star level 9 spirit readers standing on flying spirit reader weapons. And you only have one such spirit reader and he’s carrying Hong and Thunder God. By my calculations, in another 600km, they would catch up.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind.

600km?

With the speed that they were flying at, 600km was too short.

“They are getting closer.” Thunder God said urgently.

“Follow me.” Luo Feng communicated mentally.

The five beams of light became one, swiftly flying, heading towards the distant lands, behind them were blurred images of lights that covered both land and sky, chasing after them. The three hundred beams of lights that chased them were led naturally by spirit readers with spirit weapons below them, and the fighters were a little slower, focused on protecting the elite.

“Master, the are just about to catch up to us.” Ao Gu said, “I’ll just carry you my master.” In Ao Gu and Tie Nan He’s eyes, they only recognize Luo Feng as their master, in times of crisis, they would naturally want to protect him.

Luo Feng’s eyes were fixed hard ahead, ahead was where the grass fields connected with the large forests.

“Ahead!”

“Down!” Luo Feng’s voice ordered mentally.

The five rushed downwards immediately entering the forests.

The three hundred beams of light madly rushed downwards too, continuing their chase…after several minutes, they gathered in the air above the forests.

“Captain.”

“Don’t bother with them. A cold and cool youth with purple lips, dressed in a silver armor and black battle shoes, ordered, “This forest’s area is too huge, it’d be hard for us to find them in there. Also, a small five man team probably wouldn’t have acquired too many universe crystals. Return, we’ll continue our hunt in the grass patches.”

“Yes.”

The three hundred beams of light swiftly returned.

……

In the forests.

Luo Feng and his team finally let out a sigh of relief.

“Luckily we managed to rush into the forests.” Thunder God let out a long sigh of relief.

“In the forest we have the advantage.” Hong slightly nodded, with the large amount of undergrowth and trees, it was easy to dodge and hide. And at this time, Luo Feng’s surveillance system was a great benefit.

“Luckily we escaped quickly, if we were slower by just a second it would have been over.” Luo Feng smiled, if they had been slower, then he would have to unleash the Golden Horned Beast! However if that had happened, the news of a Golden Horned Beast in the world within a world would spread like wildfire. A Star level 9 Golden Horned Beast would definitely still be considered an infant!

When that time came, even the Undying Beings would be attracted over!

Undying Beings, as long as they watched the entrance to the World of Thunder, it was simply like fish into a net, Luo Feng wouldn’t have anywhere to run!

“The Golden Horned Beast’s usage has to be at night, the moment it’s used, we have to kill the enemies clean, we definitely cannot allow the news to be leaked.” Luo Feng thought secretly.

“Third brother, those grass patches are hard to hide in, just flying a little faster and the air waves would rustle the grass and alarm the explorers from before.” Thunder God said.

“The grass patches and flat land fields are more dangerous.” Hong nodded too.

“We’ll advance from the forest side. This detour wouldn’t be too much.” Luo Feng nodded.

……

However the closer they got to the center, the number and density of other explorer teams clearly grew. At the start of the seventh day, Luo Feng’s team immediately encountered three teams, of which two teams were over a hundred people! Against such a big team, Luo Feng didn’t dare use force against them, after all if a huge battle ensued, they might encounter losses on their side.

On the seventh day.

Luo Feng’s team had already progressed about eight hours in the forest, the light ball in the sky seemed to dim down a little.

About 120km away from Luo Feng’s team.

At the top of a huge and sturdy tree, there were three human silhouettes hiding within the leaves of the trees, these three even had binoculars, surveying down from above and looking far ahead.

“Captain.” One of them lowered his head to look down.

At the bottom of this sturdy tree, there were twelve humans resting.

“Hm?” One of which was green-skinned with a face filled with scars and dressed in a dark black colored alloy armor, with two axes on his back, . He creased his eyebrows and looked up.

“There’s prey, a total of five people.” The scout above said.

“Hm?”

The captain immediately flew up and floated within the leaves, grabbing the binoculars from one. Devices such as binoculars were a very normal thing for explorers, with many places in the universe with high gravity force, or magnetic fields, or under the effects of spirit readers. At those times, seeing with the naked eye was the best method, and with the binoculars, naturally it enhanced this much more.

“Hm, five people?” The captain looked through the binoculars, with his already amazing eyesight and the directions from his members beside, he very quickly spotted five silhouettes appearing through the thick forest occasionally.

“Get up all of you, get ready to move.” The captain’s raw energy resounded.

Hu!

The group below all swiftly stood up.

“Captain, what’s the strength of the prey?”

“Don’t worry, there’s a total of five of them, they can’t be that strong.” The captain said, these words immediately made the members smile, they loved these hunts that didn’t entail much risks! And the rewards were always the highest, one had to know that the first batch to enter the world within a world, as long as they managed to survive the initial chaos and battles, would definitely have some treasures.

A few hundred cubic meters of universe crystals, that was very normal.

Outside, a few hundred cubic meters of universe crystals, one could buy a few Star level 9 slaves or even a ship!

“After risking it all this time, our later generations would be good for tens of millions of years.” Many members without hope of reaching Universe levels were simply wishing for the wealth to enjoy and nurture the later generations, etc.

……

“Quickly, be careful, don’t let these five fat sheep discover us. The moment they discover us, they’ll flee, it’d be very hard to find them in this forest again.”

“All be careful.”

“Quickly, another 20km.”

“10km.”

“5 km.”

“Everybody get ready…move!”

These fifteen hunters suddenly appeared from behind a large tree, or even rushing out fiercely from behind the trees, each with mad speed, becoming beams of lights and killing towards Luo Feng’s team.

……

“Xiu!”

A blue light flashed, its speed reaching critical point, forming a single flash through thirteen silhouettes, cleanly cutting off the heads of thirteen Star level 9 explorers, fresh blood and brains flying about. The blue light then swerved and headed towards the two elites, of which the green-skinned captain’s eyes were filled with fear, obviously he didn’t expect the five weak and frail fat sheep to suddenly turn into ferocious wolves.

“Master, they’ve all been killed.” Ao Gu said respectfully.

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded, looking at the scattered fifteen bodies around them, since the 20km distance, they had already discovered these fifteen people.

After surveying that of the fifteen, thirteen were Star level 9 explorers, Luo Feng naturally wouldn’t escape, rather swallowing up his prey.

Even though…

Since rushing over from the outer regions to the center, over the course of seven days, they had encountered many robberies and attacks, many of which they had to escape. However there were still six times where the enemies were swallowed by Luo Feng! With Ao Gu and the hybrid copper essence shard, as long as it was within twenty Star level 9 explorers, it was a massacre.

“Check around, see how many universe crystals they had.” Luo Feng started searching.


Chapter 342: Enticement

“Wow, not bad. This fifteen man team actually has close to 8000 cubic meters of universe crystals.” Luo Feng laughed as he handed to the two new storage rings to Hong, “Big brother, you keep these.”

Hong extended his hand and caught them, “The more of these little teams we meet the better.”

“Right!”

Luo Feng smiled as he nodded, “With enough universe crystals, we’ll be able to buy Universe level slaves! That way, our Earth’s foundation would be a little more solid.” Right now, Earth, as an aboriginal planet was simply too weak. A slightly larger wave of power would cause it to capsize.

Hence, the three of them had to fight hard!

“Including this 8000 cubic meters, we have a total of…” Thunder God lifted his fingers, muttering, “In the past eight days, we dug up a total of 96000 cubic meters of universe crystals. During the time we rushed over here, it took about seven days, we dug up close to 26000 cubic meters along the way. Before, we had six attacks on us and we killed them, we acquired about 52000 cubic meters. Plus today’s 8000 cubic meters, a total of…haha, over 180,000 cubic meters!”

“These numbers, with just a thought, one should know the answer already. Why do you even need to count with your fingers!” Luo Feng mocked jokingly, “second brother, look at yourself, do you even resemble the head of the Thunder Dojo? From what I see, you are just a small hawker selling tofu, counting his earnings for the day.”

“I’m just that satisfied, what’s wrong with that?” Thunder God blinked hard, rubbing his bald head, “Have you never seen that much money?”

Over 180,000 cubic meters of universe crystals!

This was a huge fortune. Even to the Nuolan Shan family, this was still a heavenly figure!

A normal life planet’s cost price ranging up to a trillion Black Dragon dollars was not bad. A trillion Black Dragon dollars is around 700 million Ganwu dollars. One thousand life planets costs 700 billion Ganwu dollars. And with 18,000 cubic meters of universe crystals, the difference between that and 700 billion Ganwu dollars wasn’t that much.

“World within a world, it’s really a treasure trove.” Hong couldn’t help but exclaim.

“The construction of a world within a world is ten times harder than the construction of a normal world.” Luo Feng laughed, “It needs to be even more stable, naturally requiring even more universe crystals! To build a world within a world, even to a pinnacle Sector Lord, that was still a high price! To the Sector Lords, casually joining any empire and acquiring a galaxy as territory, one galaxy usually has tens of thousands of life planets, some even with millions of life planets.”

“The wealth within this world within a world doesn’t pale in comparison to an entire galaxy.”

“What we’ve acquired now is only a drop in the ocean. Similar to a few planets only.” Luo Feng said it casually, however he was very happy within.

The Nuolan Shan family’s wealth was only about one thousand life planets.

Hence…

Discovering new worlds, Universe level warriors would fight and kill amongst each other, causing the loss of several strong warriors. And it’s because of the wealth that motivates them. If it weren’t for Rania blocking the entrance of so many strong warriors, would these Star level punks even have a chance of obtaining the treasures and wealth?

“Only 180,000 cubic meters of universe crystal! In the universe the little corner of the milky way, that’s considered an absolutely wealthy person. However, our wealth right now is only about one third of the Nuolan Shan family’s.” Luo Feng smiled, “Compared to a Domain Lord, we are severely lacking! Hence we all have to continue working hard!”

“Haha, right, still not enough.” Thunder God laughed.

“The chance of a world within a world is something one rarely encounters even in ten thousand years, if we don’t work hard to gather what we can now, how would we be worthy of ourselves?” Hong chimed in and laughed.

“Let’s go!” Luo Feng waved the allow battle knife he held in his hand, pointing towards the center region.

The sunlight shone down, the battle knife’s reflection was glaring.

“Third brother, your posture seems somewhat flashy.”

“Can’t I be happy for a bit?”

“Haha…”

Luo Feng’s team was feeling good and happy, laughing for quite a bit, after which continuing their trek towards the central region.

When night fell, Luo Feng and his team finally reached the central region, at this time, their wealth had already risen to over 190,000 cubic meters of universe crystals. The reason for such earnings, one, was due to Babata’s surveillance device, two was because of the combination of Ao Gu and the hybrid copper essence shard that gave them an overwhelming strength.

……

At the central region of the world within a world, it was a beautiful flat land, it’s surface was filled with peculiar short flowers and grass, these flowers and grass were about 10 cm high, very orderly, as though someone maintained and trimmed them.

The land was flat with little uneven patches.

“My god.”

“Just how many have died here?” Luo Feng and his team were extremely shocked in the night at the flat land.

Late night, the sky occasionally emanated a little white light, causing Luo Feng to be able to somewhat make out within the surrounding 100m area with a look. Just within that area there were over thirty bodies, male and female, their appearances similar to beast men, while others like that of Earth’s, all of them dead, their bodies even torn open.

“Snap!” Luo Feng’s alloy boots, that pure alloy boots’ sturdiness stepped on some bones, causing the sound.

“This…”Luo Feng creased his eyebrows slightly.

“Third brother, what you said before was indeed right, the central region is indeed the place where mass killings occur.” Thunder God said seriously, “We haven’t entered this area for that long and we’ve already seen bodies in the hundreds! The entire central region is so huge, just how many have died?”

“The central region, has 99% of the universe crystals of the world within a world, hence the killings here are naturally the craziest.” Luo Feng sighed.

“If we were here, we’d be killing too.” Hong exclaimed.

Ninety nine percent of the universe crystals were here in the central region.

The central region was the cornerstone of the entire world within the world, hence the universe crystals would be here to protect it. The cornerstone wasn’t meant to be dug up, the moment it was dug up, the entire world would collapse. A world’s construction was based on the universe crystals at the core supplying continuous energy, naturally they absorbed energy from the universe, this was why there were large amount of crystals around the center.

As for the distant regions, the places where Luo Feng and his team were digging.

Those were the scattered crystals, much lesser!

“Birds and animals die for food, humans die for wealth. That’s nature!” Luo Feng sighed, “Let’s go.”

The five were being extra careful, heading closer and closer towards the most central part of the central region. The places that they passed by, they would occasionally see deep holes in the ground, obviously dug up universe crystals from before, surrounding these deep holes were usually several dead Star level bodies, their blood all dried up.

One hour later.

“Get down!”

“Forward.”

Luo Feng’s team were all sprawled on the ground, coming to a slightly protruding hill peak, looking at the distance. From far they could make out some light, at the same time spotting many human silhouettes.

“That’s…” Luo Feng flipped his hand, retrieving a binoculars, this was something that they hadn’t purchased before entering, however after killing the team from before, they discovered its special usage and naturally took it for themselves.

“That’s a lot of people.” Looking through the binoculars, Luo Feng clearly saw many silhouettes up to a 100 km away.

“Damn.” Beside, Thunder God was also holding a pair of binoculars, muttering, “That’s about a thousand of them.”

“That’s quite a number.” Hong nodded.

“There’s sound.” Tie Nan He said, “Right, there’s sound.” Ao Gu said too.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God looked at Tie Nan He and Ao Gu, these two were Star level 9 bodyguards, their hearing and seeing ability far exceeded Luo Feng and his brothers.

“What did you say?” Luo Feng asked.

“Master, if you head forward one to two hundred kilometers, you’d be able to hear it clearly.” Ao Gu explained.

“Alright.” Luo Feng nodded.

Afterall they were close to 600 km away from the large army, another one to two hundred kilometers ahead should still be within a safe range. “Forward!” Luo Feng and his team carefully but swiftly headed forward, as they grew closer, they began to hear shouting noises.

“Attention all explorers! Normal worlds alone would make Universe levels and even Domain Lords go crazy. This world within a world is ten times more than a normal world, ten times more valuable! Hence right now on Cang Lan Star, at the entrance to the World of Thunder, there are already large numbers of Universe levels, Domain Lords and even the great Sector Lords!”

Our Black Dragon Mountain star field’s two sacred lands, four large organizations, sixteen families have all brought their strongest over!”

“The treasures in this world within a world is destined to be for our Black Dragon Mountain star field to obtain.”

“Hence, all the large powers have all agreed, if someone wasn’t from our two sacred lands, four large organizations or sixteen families, the moment they leave the World of Thunder, they would immediately be captured.”

……

The voice from far away was huge and broadcasted over a 100 km, Luo Feng and his group heard it clearly. Obviously it was intentional.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God exchanged glances, they had realized this from Ming Yu’s words earlier.

After which, Luo Feng and his group continued to listen.

……

“No matter how many universe crystals, or even if you acquired some special treasures, it’s useless! As long as you are not from our two sacred lands, four large organizations or sixteen families, the moment you are captured, you’ll be dead!”

“And right now, you all have a chance.”

“As long as you join our North Dragon Castle, temporarily becoming one of our external members! Our North Dragon Castle, with our name and reputation as guarantee, will ensure that when you leave the World of Thunder and return to Cang Lan Star, you’ll receive our protection. You won’t be captured! As for your previously acquired universe crystals, no one will take them from you. All you need to do is join us and help us, the North Dragon Castle get treasures!”

……

“As long as you join our Hundred Tiger Building, temporarily! You’ll definitely be safe!”

“The universe crystals you’ve acquired won’t be touched, we just need to you follow our orders and join us, help our Hundred Tiger Building acquire treasures.”

……

Thick strong voices of universe language spread throughout the entire flat lands.

Luo Feng and his team exchanged glances.

That’s right!

Hundred Tiger Building, North Dragon Castle, Black Cloud Guild, sacred land Black Dragon Mountain, sacred land Ice Neptune Country. Right now they were all madly enticing explorers, with their organizations’ names as guarantee, to not touch their previously acquired universe crystals.

“Right, universe crystals? Even all the universe crystals within the world within a world wouldn’t make the four large organizations or two sacred lands care less.” Luo Feng nodded slightly, “What they care about is the important treasures within Sector Lord Kabu’s world. Those are the real treasures!”

“Right now they are roping in explorers.” Hong laughed, “Seems right, the four large organizations, two sacred lands explorers that came here are all for the mercenary trainee exams, they are all elites. Since they are elites, there wouldn’t be too many. I’m afraid the organizations would only have about a hundred to a few thousand people. The real people with power are those with tens of thousands of explorers!”

Coming from different countries, galaxies and races.

Large numbers of explorers didn’t have any background or support!

They were weak.

However, they had numbers! Added together, they far exceeded the numbers of the four large organizations and two sacred lands.

“What should we do?” Hong creased his eyebrows.


Chapter 343: Younger Brother Luo Hua

“Why aren’t there any Three Axe mountain people?” Thunder God suddenly said.

Luo Feng was stunned, right, the five shouting voices were individually from Hundred Tiger Building, North Dragon Castle, Black Cloud Guild, sacred lands Black Dragon Mountain and Ice Neptune Country, there weren’t any from Three Axe Mountain.

“Let’s ask Heruo.” Hong said.

“Right.” Thunder God nodded.

“Nan He, Ao Gu, you two help keep guard.” Luo Feng said.

Following which, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God closed their eyes and their consciousness entered the Virtual Universe Network.

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain Island, Nine Star Bay living district.

“Madness, madness, madness.” Luo Hua rampantly tugged at his own hair, at a loss, he along with Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan were all sitting together surrounding a table, in their own garden sipping tea.

“Little Hua, what are you thinking about, why so troubled?” Luo Hong Guo lifted a cup of tea and smiled.

“Why is it wrong, no, it should have risen greatly, it’s the problem with the capacity, the movement of the assets in the other stocks, seeing that there’s momentum in the movement, it should either fall greatly or rise greatly, not stagnate this way.” Luo Hua seemed in pain, “Dong Hua Star field is even rushing to sell off. How could this happen, how could this happen! The speed is not keeping up at all, not at all.”

“What are you saying Little Hua?” Gong Xin Lan smiled.

“The capital utilization rate is not right.” Luo Hua looked up and glanced at Gong Xin Lan, “Mom, don’t interrupt me, I’m thinking.”

“Tsk tsk, on Earth, don’t you play with the stock market a lot? What’s wrong now, weren’t you very confident last night during dinner?” Gong Xin Lan said jokingly.

“It’s different.”

Luo Hua shook his head, “Every investment I make, I first have to establish my own working system. And on Earth, the way the stocks work, is very different from how the universe one works. It’s almost like a second class world compared to a third class world. Also in the virtual universe, I can invest in many places, like the Black Dragon Mountain star field, along with the Dong Hua Star field, etc, even in other Empires.”

“One never knows, a few absolute warriors may battle and destroy an entire organization.”

“Hence, the investment is very complicated, it changes extremely fast!”

“Just like the stock market on Earth, it takes a decade for a single large market! However it’s different in the universe, different levels of empires have different economies and power, some are religious countries while others are empire controlled. If you say that the financial market on Earth is like a flat brook, then the universe financial market is like a huge ocean with a magnitude 12 typhoon!”

“It’s filled with dangers and opportunity!”

“The powerful and adept, can in ten days to half a month increase their capital by a thousand times!”

“At the same time, these well adept could lose everything if they were to meet with a barrier.” Luo Hua shook his head, “Right now I’m only a small shrimp, rolling behind people’s frontal charge.”

“You are still considered a small investor?” Luo Hong Guo stared, “These few months, haven’t you said that you’ve made ten times more than your initial capital?”

“Taking a few months to make ten times more is considered normal.” Luo Hua shook his head, “The changes in the universe financial market are extremely fast, faster than Earth’s by hundreds to thousands of times! The dangers are also hundreds to thousands of times more! I wanted to guarantee the safety of my capital, hence I only made ten times of the amount. However from yesterday to today, I lost 30%, losing close to 2 billion Ganwu dollars.”

“What?” Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan stared.

2 billion Ganwu dollars!

Luo Feng had given Luo Hua 500 million Ganwu dollars before, Luo Hua had almost peaked at 10 billion Ganwu dollars after.

“Relax, I’m considered very stable already.” Luo Hua shook his head, after which he smiled at his parents, “However dad and mom, honestly, I feel that the financial market in the universe is more meaningful, surging with momentum, gives one the feeling of being pushed around by the big waves, thrilling!”

“Thrilling is good, but you lost 2 billion Ganwu dollars! Your brother spent only 2.1 billion Ganwu dollars to buy Earth.” Luo Hong Guo was obviously unhappy.

He was unhappy with the loss of such a huge figure.

“2 billion Ganwu dollars is nothing.”

Luo Hua shook his head and laughed, “Dad, mom, you have to open your eyes and look further! The universe financial market, a few absolute oligarchs, even kingdoms that control up to middle level empires, those are the true heavenly amounts of wealth. A few universe absolute warriors all mixed up in it. These waters are indeed very deep.”

“I’m just a small shrimp. This level of financial markets that transcend universe empires, the lowest level of investment is 100 million Ganwu dollars. If not for big brother giving me a sum at first, I would probably be able to only mess around in our own empire, unable to participate in many other investment markets.”

Suddenly…

In the garden of the 3 level building, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God appeared. Their three families all built on the same plot of land.

“What lowest minimum investment is 100 million Ganwu dollars?” Luo Feng walked over.

“Big brother.” Luo Hua stood up, “Just encountered some little trouble, lost some money.”

“How much did you lose?” Luo Feng sat down casually, lifting a cup of tea and drinking.

Right now in the world within a world, the large powers were busy enticing others to join them, Luo Feng wasn’t too worried.

“About 2 billion Ganwu dollars.” Luo Hua said.

“Ah!”

A mouthful of tea was spat out right onto Luo Hua’s body.

“Big brother…”Luo Hua looked helplessly at Luo Feng.

“How much did you say, 2 billion Ganwu dollars?” Luo Feng stared, damn, the metal that he bought for himself, he had to first consider the price etc, the first amount of money he got from his teacher was only 10 billion Ganwu dollars, and finally buying Earth, the universe ship, slaves, planet defense system etc, giving some money to his brother, Hong and Thunder God, the amount of money he had left wasn’t even 5 billion Ganwu dollars.

Of course, right now he had struck a huge amount in the world within a world.

“Big brother, don’t make a big fuss over nothing will you?” Luo Hua said, “I still have over 3 billion now.”

“Over 3 billion Ganwu dollars?” You are sure it’s Ganwu dollars?” Luo Feng stared.

“Right! Ganwu dollars!” Luo Hua nodded.

“Damn!”

Luo Feng stared, and at this time Hong and Thunder God walked over too. Hong laughed, “Luo Feng, why haven’t you contacted Heruo, what are you talking about?”

“My little brother was playing in the financial market of the universe or something and lost 2 billion Ganwu dollars.” Luo Feng said, Hong and Thunder God were both stunned, “Also, he still has over 3 billion dollars left. I’m making it clear, I only gave him 500 million Ganwu dollars.”

Hong and Thunder God both stared at Luo Hua.

“Why are you all looking at me like that?” Luo Hua seemed dumbfounded, “It’s normal, investments all depend on capital.”

“A capital of 100 million Ganwu dollars, 5 times becomes 500 million Ganwu dollars.”

“And with a capital of 10 billion Ganwu dollars, 5 times, becomes 50 billion Ganwu dollars.” Luo Hua said, “The larger the capital, naturally the amount one makes would be more. Similarly…the losses too would be greater. What I need to do is to lower my chances of loss as much as possible, cutting down on the chances and increasing my chances of rewards!”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God all exchanged glances.

“Di!”

“Your account has received an amount of 4 billion Ganwu dollars.” A message appeared on a screen before Luo Hua, he was stunned.

“Don’t look, it’s for you.” Luo Feng looked at Luo Hua.

“Big brother, why are you giving me so much?” Luo Hua said, “I have no way to guarantee no losses, the changes in the financial market in the universe are extremely fast, I can only guarantee…that the maximum amount of losses would be 30%.” Luo Hua was Luo Feng’s natural brother, born with natural genius, along with studying under the largest investors and elites on earth, he was definitely one of the biggest and most influential investors on earth.

Maybe the financial markets of earth compared to that of the universe were considered small and immature.

However thinking wise.

There were many thoughts in the investments of Earth, many old theories, it was indeed unique. At least Luo Hua, who had just entered the universe financial market for not too long, has quickly adapted and even made profit. Falling a little occasionally could only add to his experience and improve his investing strategies.

According to Luo Hua’s words through his experiencing failure time and again, increasing his experience constantly, only that way could he improve on his loss and rewards ratio and control it better. With that, he would be better prepared and he would never let the failure knock him down.

“It’s only a 30% loss, go ahead and invest.” Luo Feng smiled.

“This financial market really has such a huge turnaround, it’s terrifying. However… my younger brother does indeed have talent in this.” Luo Feng thought to himself, “Hm, in the future, whatever I earn, I’ll pass 30% to him and let him invest. I believe that’ll allow him to progress and improve even further!”

……

After completing his conversation with his younger brother, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God contacted Heruo.

“Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God, seeing the three of you makes me happy.” Heruo on the screen was extremely excited, “There’s been too many deaths in this world within a world, it’s simply too savage.”

“To be able to see you too, we are very happy.” Hong laughed.

“Heruo, right now the large organizations are all pulling in explorers?” Luo Feng asked.

“Right.”

Heruo nodded, “We North Dragon Castle, along with the Hundred Tiger Building, Black Cloud Guild and the two sacred lands are all pulling in explorers! To be able to gather any treasures, the first thing you need is numbers!”

“The Three Axe Mountain isn’t pulling anybody in?” Thunder god asked.

“Oh, the Three Axe Mountain is different from the other three organizations. The Three Axe Mountain is known as the leader of the four organizations! They do not nurture the youth. To actually be able to join the Three Axe Mountain, the lowest qualification is to be Universe level. As they don’t nurture any new people, hence in this world within a world, you only occasionally see a disciple from the Three Axe Mountain, with little people, hence they have no power.” Heruo explained.

Luo Feng, Thunder God and Hong realized.

No nurturing of the young, hence the number of people taking part in the trainee exams was naturally small. No wonder Ming Yu looked for them.

“Hence, it’s mostly our five sides in competition.” Heruo smiled, “Luo Feng, right now we’ve already mostly confirmed the location of the treasure. However the five sides are all fighting for it, hence they are all working hard to pull new people in. Luo Feng, you all should join our North Dragon Castle, just temporarily.”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were shocked.

“You all are sure of where the treasure is hidden?” Luo Feng and Thunder God said almost simultaneously.

“Right,” Heruo nodded, “We have a 90% certainty of where it’s hidden. Right now it’s being watched by the five sides! If you don’t join any of our five sides, you wouldn’t even have a chance to get it.”

“Huh?”

Luo Feng and the other two nodded slightly, they exchanged glances and made up their minds.


Chapter 344: Opening The Treasure Trove

World within a world, dark night.

Luo Feng and his team of five temporarily joined the North Dragon Castle faction. The entire central region had been split into five big factions.

The North Dragon Castle faction.

“Senior, these are the ones I mentioned, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God.” Luo Feng and his team were talking to the people of the North Dragon Castle, Heruo was introducing the teams, “This is my senior Kazan Lun.”

“So it’s you all that saved my two juniors, thanks. Oh, I still have important matter to attend to, I’ll let Heruo entertain you all.” Kazan Lun smiled as he left, his entire body was skinny, height about 1.5m, eyes glowing slightly green, he had a heavy aura about him.

They watched as Kazan Lun left.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God exchanged glances, obviously this guy didn’t care much about them, it was only out of respect for Heruo that he came over to say hello.

“My senior is like that, please don’t mind him.” Heruo explained.

“No problem.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Our North Dragon Castle faction has a total of about 2100 people, every 100 forms a square formation. The main reason is to prevent any chaos from happening.” Heruo pointed at their surroundings, they were surrounded by explorers, every 100 of them gathered together, that way, if any group were to have any incidents, it wouldn’t affect the others.

“Where would you like to go? There are six square formations that are pretty lacking.” Heruo smiled.

“As close to the main formation of the North Dragon Castle organization as possible.” Luo Feng said.

“Alright, no problem.”

……

Luo Feng’s team was situated in the 18th formation of the North Dragon Castle Faction.

Daybreak, on the second day.

After half a night of talking to the other members of the other formations, Luo Feng’s team had come to know of many new things and news.

“So the treasure trove is there!” Luo Feng looked at the center position of the five big factions, a dark blue castle was constructed there on the flat lands.

“The guesses of the five big factions are indeed rational.” Thunder God nodded, “In this entire world within a world, with the swamps, deserts, lakes, flat lands, mountain ranges, grass lands, etc, they are all natural environments. There’s only this one construct! And it is located in the most central position of the world within a world. Above it is a ball of light! This sort of position for this castle, it is very likely the position of the treasure trove.”

“Treasure trove!”

“The treasure trove must be within this castle, however with the five factions around, no one dares to make a move.” Luo Feng shook his head.

Hong laughed, “It’s very normal, in the beginning, there weren’t too many of the five faction people here, they were worried that the moment the battles began, it would allow a large number of the other explorers to gain rewards through the chaos, hence they began recruiting people, when one side does it, the others naturally joined in! In the meantime, they looked for an opportunity to begin their excavation and robbing.”

“Who knows until when we’ll wait before anyone makes a move.” Thunder God muttered.

“They are not rushed. The first group of people from the outside of the two million army have just begun to enter the world within a world.” Luo Feng smiled, “From the outer regions of the world within a world to the central region, it would still take about another seven days.”

“Hence, the battle could very likely explode within seven days!”

Luo Feng’s predictions weren’t wrong, on the third day of joining the North Dragon Castle faction, a big incident happened.

World within a world, the white ball of light floated in the air, emanating light below.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

The sky was filled with blurred images of black silhouettes suddenly flying towards the five factions from afar.

“So many people?”

“How did so many people appear in such a short time?” There was some distress within the five factions.

The group Luo Feng was in all looked up into the sky, just a glance and one could make a guess of the numbers: “About 600 of them? Also from the looks of it, they are all from one power. 600 over people, to the five factions, this totally affected the balance.”

Five factions, over 10,000 explorers, all engaged in soft discussion.

“Black Dragon Mountain Empire, Saqisen greets the ninth prince your majesty!” A booming voice resounded through the air.

“Greetings to the ninth prince your majesty!”

Neatly in a single row, almost as though a rumble through the air, a large group of the Black Dragon Mountain sacred land people all bowed in unison. Within the 600 or so people in midair was one particular youth with white pale skin. The youth stood in mid air, his eyes like lightning, surveying his surroundings, his voice boomed at all below him, “I, the Empire’s ninth prince Brolin, am here to take the treasure trove. Anybody who defies me will die!!!”

Silence!

The entire five factions had all gone silent, the Black Dragon Mountain faction naturally supported the emperor, as the sacred land Black Dragon Mountain was the emperor’s roots!

And the other four factions were in chaos at the moment.

“Powerful.”

Among the crowd, Luo Feng looked up high at the flamboyant ninth prince, exclaiming within, “This ninth prince didn’t appear initially, he was constantly pulling people in in other areas, and now at the most critical time he’s appeared! In a short amount of time he increased the power of the Black Dragon Mountain by a lot, making the other four factions unable to do anything.”

……

On the flat lands, the other four factions were buzzing with discussions.

“Ninth prince your majesty.” A loud powerful voice resounded from the Hundred Tiger Building faction. A tall and sturdy looking youth, on his forehead were two curved black horns, he looked up at the ninth prince, saying, “This world within a world’s treasure trove, for you, one person to take it all, don’t you think…”

“Chi!”

A blinding white light pierced right through that tall and sturdy youth suddenly, his head vaporizing to nothing.

Silence!

The five factions were all stunned.

Within sight was still a slight glimmer of white light residue from before, everybody was stunned, they understood what just happened! At that moment, a laser beam killed the leader of the Hundred Tiger Building.

……

Amongst the crowds.

Luo Feng and his team were shocked, Thunder God said softly, “That’s too fast, that laser weapon didn’t even need any preparation time before it fired.”

“It was indeed fast, killing in an instant.” Luo Feng was shocked within.

Back when he used the B6 grade laser cannon to attack the golden horned beast! That laser cannon still required a certain amount of time before it could fire, and just now…that laser beam didn’t seem to require any time at all.

……

In the air.

Behind the ninth prince, the nine bodyguards, all of them holding within their hands a weapon akin to earth’s singular rocket launcher, about 3m long with an opening of about 30cm.

“Let me introduce to everyone.”

“C2 grade laser cannon, nine of them! These are the latest models, we just acquired them.” The ninth prince surveyed the crowds below, discovering that the leaders of the other factions had gone all pale, he laughed, “It’s power, one shot alone can almost kill a Universe level 2 warrior. This time I came into the World of Thunder to take part in the trainee exam, for safety sake, I brought a few. I never expected this world within a world to happen.”

“I believe no one else wants to get in my way?”

The ninth Prince Brolin surveyed everyone below with his gaze.

Everyone just stood dumbfounded.

Nine C2 grade laser guns, normal energy grade weapons reaching the C grade was already legendary. Very hard to purchase, even if one managed to buy one, it would be extremely costly! One C2 grade laser gun, in terms of price, wouldn’t even be that much cheaper than a Universe level 1 or 2 slave.

An astronomically priced weapon!

“Very well. Everybody is cooperating.” The ninth prince smiled as he looked around below, 600 of them followed suit.

Following which, the ninth prince took the 600 over people and a large army of the Black Dragon Mountain and headed majestically towards to castle. The other four factions all hesitated but slowly followed behind, towards the castle.

The crowds headed forward, Luo Feng and his team were mixed in with the North Dragon Castle faction.

“Damn, just like that he’s taking everything?” Thunder God stared.

“We are helpless.” Luo Feng looked in the distance, at the most foremost person leading.

“He has nine C2 grade laser guns, he could be said to be invincible now. He even has three to four thousand people below him! The strongest strength with large numbers, along with the title of prince, a prince of the Black Dragon Mountain, killing those elites of the organizations without any hesitation at all.” Hong shook his head, “This way, with his attitude and momentum, no one can stop him.”

Luo Feng and his team could only watch on.

……

North Dragon Castle, Black Cloud Guild, sacred land Ice Neptune Empire, the four large faction armies, they could only watch as this happened.

The nine C2 grade laser guns, in a place where there are no Universe level explorers, that was indeed an invincible weapon to have! Whoever they wanted to kill…no one could escape. If it were just the nine laser guns, it wouldn’t be enough to scare of the other four large factions of explorers. The main thing was that he still had three to four thousand people under him!

“Stop!” The ninth prince raised his left hand high.

Shua!

The armies of the Black Dragon Mountain sacred land stopped, the other four factions all stopped too.

Among the distant crowds.

“Majestic.” Thunder God exclaimed softly.

“This is power, big power.” Hong sighed.

“No one can stop him.” Luo Feng watched quietly.

The ninth prince Brolin ordered and everybody simply stopped. And Brolin took his nine bodyguards and headed towards the castle. Under the gaze of about ten thousand people, he carefully headed towards the castle.

“Sang Bi, open the castle for me.” The ninth prince Brolin pointed at the castle.

“Yes.”

Behind him one of the bodyguards complied, with curly hair dressed in black alloy armor, a helmet automatically grew on him and wrapped him up. Following which he carefully walked towards the ancient castle, this ancient castle that no one had opened in 10 million years.

The castle’s huge door was about 12m high, 8m wide.

The bodyguard walked up to the door and placed both hands on it, forcefully using strength…

……

Over ten thousand explorers were staring at this castle…

The ninth prince Brolin too was staring at the castle, his face flushed red with excitement…

Among the crowds, Luo Feng and his team of five were also watching the bodyguard push at the door from far…

……

Following the bodyguard’s use of strength, the door slightly trembled, flecks of dust falling all over.

“Chi chi…”

Electric snakes fiercely rushed out from the castle, large amount of thunder surrounding the entire castle, within an instant, the bodyguard wasn’t able to retreat at all, the electric snakes weaved through his body. Almost as though he was fried, with a ‘Chi’ sound, that bodyguard was reduced to ashes, all that was left was the burning red alloy armor.

This scene caused the over ten thousand explorers to be shocked.

“This…” The ninth prince had cold sweat beading down from his forehead, with a flash he hid behind his other bodyguards, if it were he who pushed the door, he too would have died.

The electric snakes continued to revolve around the castle.

There was an increasing amount of thunder and lightning, gradually, the entire castle became a thunder castle, engulfed within the electricity.

Luo Feng’s team amongst the distant crowds were all shocked from witnessing this scene.


Chapter 345: 312 Pieces of Treasure

Over 10,000 explorers all looked over, all equipped with alloyed armors, split into five big factions, almost like a metal army altogether! Under the glare of the thunder and electricity surrounding the castle, with occasional flares of green light, almost everybody’s eyes were burning while fixed on the castle.

That, was the treasure trove of the world within a world!

“Oh? What’s going on?” The ninth prince Brolin creased his eyebrows and looked.

“Your majesty, the other explorer armies from outside are still far from here. It’s still early, we have sufficient time!” Of the nine bodyguards, one lady with green hair said softly, “Right now we have the absolute advantage, we’ll slowly survey this. The treasure trove in this world within a world will definitely belong to you.”

Brolin looked ahead solemnly, that lofty ancient castle enveloped in the protection of the thunder.

Suddenly…

“Kakakakaka…” The castle made a low noise, the huge doors of the castle began to slowly open.

“The door is opening!” The ninth prince Brolin who was surrounded by his bodyguards looked as his eyes gleamed, almost like a ravished wild dog spotting bones, “There’s a 99% probability there’s treasure within!”

Kaka…

The huge castle doors slowly opened, allowing the people outside to faintly see the blurry interior. This made everyone who gathered outside to stare wide-eyed, with many even taking out their binoculars, etc, all highly anticipating to see what’s within.

Star level 9 warriors, maybe on several normal life planets like Bai Lan Star, they could be considered powerful and tyrants.

However in the entire galaxy, even the Black Dragon Mountain star field, they were only normal soldiers, cannon fodder, bodyguards!

This group of cannon fodder were allowed the chance to explore this world within a world only because of lady Rania’s powerful background! This allowed 99% of this group of people to experience the most glorious moment in their lives.

“The doors are open.” Among the crowds, Thunder God looked from far at the enormous thunder castle, “The treasures are about to be taken away.”

“Anyway, there’s nothing left for us.” Hong said softly.

Luo Feng lightly chuckled, “This treasure trove is too shocking, what’s more, there’s that ninth prince. That is his majesty from the Black Dragon Mountain Empire! Also those C2 grade laser guns… even weaker Universe level warriors can be killed! We’ll just watch the show, the real people who are unhappy are probably the other four faction leaders.”

Luo Feng was very calm.

This treasure in the world within a world, naturally he wanted it too. Ambition was a good thing, however when the heat is on and one doesn’t know his own power, he could lose his life very easily!

That laser gun would only require one shot…no one here could defend against it.

“Chaos.”

“Only through chaos, or some other situation arising, might we be able to get something from the fray, right now, there’s no hope.” Luo Feng looked at the forefront of the crowd, the leaders of the four factions were all there.

……

The Black Cloud Guild, the Hundred Tiger Building, North Dragon City, sacred land Ice Neptune, these four large factions, their Star level explorers and elite leaders, all of them seemed to have been intimidated by the ninth prince. No one dared to oppose or disrupt him, they could only watch quietly as things unfolded.

“Ka!”

The castle doors opened fully.

Silence.

The fully opened castle, no one dared to enter first. The ninth prince only looked on quietly, almost as though he was waiting for other things to happen.

“Your majesty?” The female bodyguard shouted seriously from behind.

“Don’t be anxious.” Brolin said softly, his eyes fixed dead on the thunder castle ahead.

……

Among the crowds, Luo Feng was also staring at the distant castle.

Suddenly…

The surface electricity and lightning swiftly vanished from the castle, however, the old and ancient castle seemed to have been revamped and looked totally new. “Tsk! Tsk! Tsk!” A voice resounded from the castle, the entire castle lit up with light, very quickly engulfing the entire castle.

“Haha, hahaha…”

A carefree laughter resounded from the castle, reverberating throughout the entire place.

“Welcome everyone, to the world within a world. I’ve been waiting over 10 million years for this day!” A thick voice resounded through the land and skies.

……

Over ten thousand explorers were all shocked.

“What voice is this, who’s speaking?”

“No idea.”

“Don’t tell me the creator of this world within a world isn’t dead?”

“Dream on, the World of Thunder was discovered over ten million years ago, even Sector Lords can’t live that long, unless he was Undying.”

“Back then if the Sector Lord had become an Undying and hid himself in this world within a world for ten million years, is that possible? He may be perverted.”

Outside the castle, over ten thousand explorers were engaged in discussion, of which Luo Feng and his two brothers were just as shocked.

“This?” Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God exchanged glances.

“What’s with this?” Luo Feng said softly.

“Do you even have to ask, after living for so long, the dead Sector Lord definitely had an AI to assist him.” A condescending voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind, “Loneliness for ten million years, I wonder if the AI managed to evolve to a living AI, if he did, ten million years of loneliness would probably have messed him up!”

“Mad?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

……

The leaders of the five big factions including the ninth prince stared at the castle.

In the air above the castle, beams of light gathered, finally forming a virtual human silhouette, it was a fat chubby old white man, this old man squinted his eyes and surveyed the over ten thousand people, this made the explorers all shocked, those present were mostly experienced.

The light human silhouettes were normally AIs or technology created.

“Little punks, for you to have come here, you want to obtain the treasures in this world within a world?” The white bearded old man smiled as he gazed down, “Right, the master did put his treasure trove in this world within a world, and I’m guarding it.”

“The master had many treasures.”

“Look!”

The white bearded old man pointed beside him, in the air above the castle, lights gathered and a big screen appeared. On it were many many object pictures, different treasure pictures, there were so many one would be at a loss initially. And at the most central region, there was a peculiar colorful crystal ball.

“Inheritance crystal ball!” The ninth prince Brolin’s eyes lit up.

“It’s an inheritance crystal ball.” The other leaders of the factions all were very excited with anticipation.

Among the crowd.

Including Luo Feng, over ten thousand people watched the screen with its many pictures of treasures.

“The master has many treasures.”

“If I broke it down specifically, there are a total of sixty eight different treasures, three hundred twelve of them in all.” The white bearded old man pointed at the screen, immediately the screen arranged in order.

“No.1 The bank account to the entire spatial instruction manual inheritance crystall ball (three accounts)

No. 2 Master’s bank account

No.3 Domain lord bloodline evolution potion (one portion)

no.4…

……

No. 68 level 5 genetic energy weapon ‘Fire Wheel’

Silence.

Everyone stared hard at the screen, it was too magnificent, some of the treasures had three or four of the same items, even six or seven. There were a total of three hundred twelve items!

“This is too, too…”

“Madness, madness.”

“The lousiest item is still a level 5 genetic energy weapon. My god!”

“Obtaining one treasure and I’ll be able to become Kuna Star’s leading wealthiest person.” over 10,000 explorers’ were going crazy, their eyes gleaming.

Luo Feng and his team were excited too, their eyes staring so hard they were almost popping out.

“This is too, too…” Thunder God’s mouth dropped open.

“No wonder the four large factions and two sacred lands don’t care about the universe crystals! The universe crystals added together can’t even compare to these treasures. The treasure no. 2 the bank account. A Sector Lord’s savings, just how much would it be? It would definitely be even more than the cost of all the universe crystals in this world within a world!” Luo Feng too was finding it hard to conceal his excitement.

“This Sector Lord is indeed very wealthy!”

Babata’s voice resounded within Luo Feng’s mind, “It’s too crazy, this Sector Lord definitely acquired some Undying Being’s inheritance. Otherwise it wouldn’t be that crazy! The entire set of space techniques inheritance, this means that the entire secret techniques have been broken down. And the no.3 treasure, the bloodline evolution potion, represents a bloodline that can reach the Domain Lord at maturity bloodline! Like the Manka people.

“The moment it’s used, one can completely change his bloodline.”

“Also the ninth treasure, the life fruit, there’s actually three of them! If a Sector Lord were to suffer heavy injuries, the moment he uses one he’ll be fully recovered. To the Sector Lords, this could mean one more life altogether. Who knows how this Sector Lord died, never actually getting to use his life fruits.”

“Really wealthy, really wealthy. Comparable to a poorer Undying Being.” Babata was excited too.

Cang Lan Star, in a wooden house constructed at a peaceful lakeside.

In front of the house sat two men, even though they were sitting there, one gave off an aura of a large mountain, while the other gave off a chilly icy aura. The two were dressed in battle armors, their legs in boots, also both had black capes on.

The two were drinking wine of the highest quality.

“Hm?”

“Hm?”

The two revealed a slight sense of shock.

“This Kabu Sector Lord, was surrounded and killed by enemies, his treasures are indeed shocking.” The icy man couldn’t help but exclaim.

The tall and sturdy man nodded slightly, “Even a Domain Lord bloodline evolution potion, I wonder which race it is from.”

Among the human race, there were few that had bloodlines that reached Domain Lord at maturity.

And only these few races.

For example creating a Manka bloodline evolution serum, then, one would require killing six to seven Manka people to create it! Hence, these sort of things greatly angered the people of the stronger races. As their people were naturally small in population, they would kill those who owned these serums.

“Let’s go, to the base.”

“Right.”

The two men got up, shua! Their two silhouettes vanished, as for their real selves, they had already reached over ten thousand km away at the Universe Mercenary Alliance base. Their immense speed didn’t even damage their surroundings in the slightest.

World within a world.

In the air above the castle, light beams shone down, the white bearded old man pointed at the screen, smiling, “Have you looked closely enough, these are the treasures my master left behind.”

Over ten thousand explorers looked up excitedly.

Who wouldn’t want to obtain them?

Any one treasure alone was probably thousands to ten thousand times the Nuolan Shan Family’s entire fortune.


Chapter 346: Madness over the Treasures

Amongst the crowds, Luo Feng raised his head to look at the distant air above the castle, that screen that was formed from light. On it were sixty eight different types of heavenly treasures, this led to a strong sense of greed growing within him, out of the over ten thousand explorers around, none of them wouldn’t want any of the treasures, the only thing was they didn’t have the strength or power to obtain them.

“What a pity, no one dares to fight with the ninth prince. If things aren’t chaotic, we can only sit quietly and watch.” Luo Feng’s gaze swept past the forefront, looking towards the ninth prince who was currently surrounded.

……

“Thinking of obtaining the treasures?”

The white bearded old man laughed carefree, “You just need to obtain Thunder stones to exchange for them! Every treasure here can be exchanged with Thunder stones. Look, these are the detailed prices of each treasure!”

Suddenly, the screen beside slightly changed.

“No.1 The bank account to the entire spatial instruction manual inheritance crystall ball (three accounts), every account is priced at 10 million thunderstones, three accounts as a set, one can retrieve the inheritance crystal balls from the Universe First bank.

No.2 Master’s bank account, requires 8 million thunderstones.

No.3 Domain Lord bloodline evolution potion (one portion), every portion is priced at 3 million thunderstones.

No.4…

……

No.9 Life fruit (three pieces), every one of them at 800,000 thunderstones.

……

No.32 D6 grade Orbit cannons (three cannons), each of them priced at 210,000 thunderstones.

……

No.68 Level 5 genetic energy weapon Fire wheel (one portion), every one is priced at 100,000 thunder stones.

The entire list had everybody jumping up in madness.

“What are thunderstones?”

“I’ve never heard of thunderstones before?”

“They are actually able to be swapped for these treasures, these thunder stones must be very valuable.”

The discussions were rampant.

“Aren’t you all very curious as to what the thunderstones are?” In the air above the castle, the white bearded old man formed by light smiled, “Thunderstone is the name I’ve given it, these type of stones is a special stone found only here in this world within a world, It isn’t really worth much money! However it is unique only to this world within a world.”

“Look carefully, this is a thunderstone!” A picture of a thunderstone appeared on the screen, simultaneously, a large amount of details introducing the stone.

Silence.

Over ten thousand explorers went silent.

Carefully examining the appearance of the thunderstone, or using the assisting AIs and quantum computers to swiftly record its appearance.

“However the thunderstones and universe crystals are different, the energy of the thunderstones are very low, hence your energy scanners will have a hard time locating them. In order to make your lives easier…”

“This is a thunderstone location map.” The white bearded old man waved his hand and a map appeared on the screen, “This is the simplified map of the world within a world, according to its mountain regions, swamps, deserts, etc, it is segregated into twenty six regions. The thunderstones are separated into these twenty six regions on this map are how they are located.”

“Go on!”

“Go dig for the thunderstones! You can kill each other and steal, I don’t care. As long as you have sufficient thunderstones, you can exchange with me for any of the treasures.” The white bearded old man’s eyes gleamed with a sense of madness, “If you want the treasures, then go risk it all. I’ll be in the castle waiting for you all!”

“Obtain the thunderstones and come exchange with me in the castle for treasures!”

“Go on!”

The white bearded old man’s light image vanished, in the air above the castle, only the large screen remained.

Over ten thousand people were silent, after which the discussions began once again.

Among the crowds.

“That’s great.” Thunder God said softly, his face flushed with excitement.

Luo Feng too felt excitement within.

“Using thunderstones to exchange, which are unique to this world within a world. This living AI white bearded old man, just what is he thinking of?” Babata’s voice resounded, “From the way he spoke and gestured, this guy has definitely evolved into a living AI. Loneliness for ten million years..living AIs can also feel moved, longing, hate, loneliness, etc, after such solitude for so long, this white bearded old man must have gone crazy.”

“Babata, who cares if he’s crazy or not, as long as we can swap for the treasures.” Luo Feng said.

“Understood, it’s rare for me to meet another living AI, so I was just a little surprised.” Babata said.

Living AIs were extremely rare.

Because in order to evolve into a living AI, one first had to already be a high level AI. After which after experiencing a whole lot, over a long period of time, one may have a chance to evolve.

If it doesn’t evolve.

AIs, are just tools.

The moment however one broke through, he would become a special form of life altogether! Like the vast universe’s pinnacle of strength race the automatons, this was a race of living AIs. Only having a machine body, etc living AIs.

“Grasp the time you have.”

“Quickly quickly.”

“No. 17,18 and 19 three big formations, you’ll form one team. You’ll head to the closest swamp region on the map and dig for thunderstones.” The North Dragon City leader shouted loudly, swiftly dividing up the teams, “All explorers, if you want to leave the World of Thunder alive and leave Cang Lan Star, please help us.”

“Quickly, move.”

“This way, this way.”

Below the castle, the five big factions swiftly began their actions, with two to three hundred people in a team, swiftly heading in all directions, the fight for the thunderstones had begun!

Everybody was clear…

The earliest to go dig meant the highest hopes of obtaining them.

……

Luo Feng and his team of five were the North Dragon City’s 18th formation, they were gathered into a close to three hundred person team and were swiftly heading towards the swamp regions.

The vast number of people were all flying at breakneck speed.

“Madness.” Thunder God shook his head, “This fight for the thunderstones will drive everyone crazy. I saw just now, the ninth prince right in front, his expression grew extremely ugly.”

“How could he not?” Luo Feng smiled, “This treasure trove was originally all for his taking, who’d expect this to happen! It’s right too, after a true absolute warrior’s death, one would definitely have some sort of arrangement for his treasures and belongings after.” Back then the Yun Mo Planet master too acted this way, this Kabu was the same.

“Luo Feng.”

“Back when we first came in, checking along the way, I already discovered two places with the thunderstones. Only back then I felt they didn’t have any value, hence I didn’t care about them.” Babata’s voice resounded.

“Two places with thunderstones?” Luo Feng felt a mad rush of excitement within.

That simple map of the allocation of thunderstones was, very simple.

One had to know that with the world within a world spanning over a million km in vertically and horizontally, that map at most let people know that there were thunderstones at some places, as for the details, one still had to slowly search for them!

“The thunderstones’ energy reactions are very low, much lower than universe crystals. Hence it’s very difficult to search for them for the other explorers. At least, in this aspect we have the advantage.”

“However, when that 2 million man army arrives!”

“I believe that two million man army will definitely bring long powerful and valuable scanning devices. When that time comes, our advantage will be gone.” Babata said, Luo Feng understood and nodded, this treasure trove had attracted the largest powers within the Black Dragon Mountain Empire, how could the later armies not be fully prepared for it?

……

Close to three hundred people in this team were flying in the air in the world within a world, following which, members left once in awhile.

“The thunderstones are the real treasures, we’ll go dig for them on our own. Relying on the thunderstones, we can join the other organizations, the Black Cloud Guild, the Hundred Tiger Building, Black Dragon Mountain etc, I expect those groups will be willing to pay a high price for the stones. When that time comes, we’ll naturally be able to leave Cang Lan Star safely.”

“If our luck is good, we might even be able to exchange for a treasure. Then we’ll really strike it rich.”

Many of the explorers had the same thought.

The moment they saw the treasures, the greedy people would naturally want to exchange for them. Just like Luo Feng and his group.

The less greedy and ambitious, would think of obtaining the thunderstones and join the other organizations, selling the stones at a high price! This led to the close to three hundred strong team to constantly have people drop out along the way, with the North Dragon City members unable to keep count.

World within a world, darkness.

Five beams of light were swiftly flying through the air, it was Luo Feng’s team which had fled from the big team.

“Babata, how much longer?” Luo Feng was feeling extremely anxious.

“With this speed, 3 hours 29 minutes later, we’ll reach that thunderstone region.” Babata replied.

“Good!” Luo Feng’s blood was boiling red with adrenaline.

Sixty eight types of treasures!

Every one of them was worth a thousand to ten thousand times his current wealth! Even just one treasure would make a Domain Lord warrior eye it with madness. One could only imagine just how valuable these treasures were!

“If we don’t fight hard during this opportunity, we’ll be struck down by lightning!” Luo Feng thought to himself.

“If a god obstructs us we’ll kill him, if a Buddha blocks us, we’ll kill him!” Thunder God said using mandarin.

Madness.

People could go mad!

300% profits alone was enough to make any business man go mad. Ten times of profits, was enough to make Luo Hua and other financial investors’ blood boil and enter a state of madness! And Luo Feng and the others encountering such treasure…even Universe level warriors would risk their lives, Domain Lords would kill and battle for it! What about these Star levels?

Who wouldn’t go crazy?

……

Along the way they met another team, slightly detouring, their time to arrival was 3 hours and 40 minutes, at the time, the sky was still dark.

This was a grass patch area, filled with wild grass growing everywhere.

Squatting, the five, Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God, Tie Nan He and Ao Gu.

“About 800m underground there’ll be thunderstones, in a 20km area underground, there’s a total of 128,926 of them.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind, “The surrounding area might have more, however, I need to scan carefully, since I can only scan in a 20km area right now.”

“128,926 thunderstones?” Luo Feng’s eyes lip up, flushed red.

He vividly remembered the prices of the sixty eight types of treasures and their exchange prices.

Of which the level 5 genetic energy fire wheel, only required 100,000 thunderstones to exchange for! Meaning right now the thunderstones they had discovered in this 20km area was already enough to exchange for one treasure.

“Luo Feng, how many thunderstones are there?” Hong and Thunder God looked at Luo Feng.

“128,926 stones.” Luo Feng said softly.

Hong’s face flushed red immediately.

Hong stared wide eyed, his pupils almost popping out, as let out one word: “Damn!”

“We’ve really struck big time.” Hong couldn’t help but say.

“We’ll make it even bigger, this sort of heavenly opportunity, if we don’t grab it now, we’ll regret it till we die later.” Luo Feng could barely contain his excitement, “Hurry and dig down, begin searching for the thunderstones. Nan He, you are in charge of covering up the surroundings.”

“Yes master.” Tie Nan He complied respectfully.

Chi!

Luo Feng led first and dug straight down, following which Hong, Thunder God, Ao Gu and Tie Nan He followed and dug behind him.

“Go on, cloud contact vine!” Luo Feng’s thoughts moved, immediately a long vine extended itself from his arm, almost like ten arms extended, swiftly growing more and more to grab the thunder stones below.


Chapter 347: Time of Crisis

The thunderstones were shiny, every one of them was almost similar in size, the largest were at most only twice the size of the smallest ones. At the same time, they stored a little bit of thunder energy within. This led to Luo Feng conjecturing that these stones were probably forged when the world within a world was first opened.

128,926 of them!

Even if they spent every second obtaining a 100 of them, they would still require 1300 seconds. What’s more, even if the cloud contact vine extended more vines, including little vines, it was mostly the digging…that took up a lot of time.

“This job of obtaining the thunderstones, requires quite a bit of time.” Within the cave underground, Thunder God lamented.

“We have the cloud contact vine, hence it’s a bit faster. If it were just a fighter looking for it, even with a spirit reader, this digging would be a real problem. I estimate that it would take about a thousand people to catch up with the vine’s speed.” Luo Feng laughed, the cloud contact vine as a plant, originally was meant to have its roots extend deep into the ground, plus it was slender, hence its speed was very fast.

If it were a human, with the world within a world’s mud, the rock stratum’s sturdiness, it would indeed take very long.

……

Luo Feng and his team waited patiently in the underground cave, letting the cloud contact vine do all the work.

Two hours later.

“All done.” Luo Feng was extremely excited, he couldn’t help but rub the vine wrapped around his arm, “Vine, it’s been hard on you. These few days we will require your help a lot, come, eat a Mu Ya crystal.” Luo Feng threw a Mu Ya crystal at the cloud contact vine, it extended a vine immediately and shook excitedly.

Since the first evolution, it already recognized Luo Feng as it’s owner.

Hence it was very reliant on Luo Feng, like he was its parent.

“This is a thunderstone.” Luo Feng flipped his hand, a thunderstone appeared in it.

It was a incredibly shiny stone, with a slight sense of thunder energy emanating from it, however its energy was very little.

“Let me look.” Thunder God took it curiously.

“120,000 thunderstones.” Hong couldn’t help but exclaim, “This sort of chance encounter, it’s really a huge windfall.”

“Let’s grasp the time, right now time is thunderstones! Time is the treasure!” Luo Feng laughed as he said, leading the group towards the surface.

“Let’s go, up.”

The five swiftly reached the surface.

“Luo Feng, this area’s thunderstones have probably been separated by more than this 20 km area. You should look around more.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind.

“Understood.”

Luo Feng and his team began to swiftly search around the surrounding area.

“Within this 20 km area over here, there are 16,924 stones.”

“This area has 9,156 stones.”

“This area has 3,208 stones.”

“This area has 853 stones.”

……

“Haha, we’ve struck it big, Luo Feng, this area actually has 159,835 stones, close to 160,000 of them.” Babata shouted excitedly.

Indeed.

This area of thunderstones was close to a hundred km area in total, of which there were two spots with more stones gathered together. One was the first spot Luo Feng and his team dug from, with 128,926 stones. The other was the later discovered spot with close to 160,000 stones. The other spots, the ones with more ranged over ten thousand while the ones with less didn’t even reach a hundred.

Luckily they had Babata’s scanner, scanning with every detail and carefully.

“This is the true treasure trove.” Thunder God was extremely excited.

“So much treasure.” Tie Nan He and Ao Gu, the two slaves were also very shocked, these thunderstones represented invaluable amounts of treasures. These were the treasures in this world within a world, if they were used to buy Star level 9 slaves, they could completely buy a huge strong army.

“Begin digging.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, ordering.

Immediately the five pierced into the ground.

Relying on the cloud contact vine, they began the process of swiftly collecting the thunderstones.

Luckily as this place was very far away from the center region, most of the ten thousand explorers from before were searching close to the center region and away from them. Luo Feng and his team flew non stop from day to night to reach this place. After all, this place had plenty of thunderstones.

Compared to the size of the whole area, ten thousand explorers were indeed very little.

“Vine, I’m relying on you.” Luo Feng was extremely elated, feeling his blood pumping with adrenaline.

This time it took about 8 hours before all the thunderstones were dug up, not one was left!

“How many?” Hong couldn’t help but ask.

“Third brother, how many thunderstones do we have?” Thunder God couldn’t help but ask too.

“Including the just dug up 128,926 stones, our total amount at the moment, is…” Luo Feng smiled, “396,201 stones.”

“Damn, close to 400,000?” Thunder God stared.

“Just this area alone and we’ve struck it big.” Hong laughed.

It was indeed true.

This area’s thunderstones, if it were the other teams digging around here, it would be hard for them to sweep it clean. Afterall they were scattered randomly with some clustered and others dispersed, Luo Feng relied on Babata’s scanning system to sweep it all clean. With one area, they obtained close to 400,000 thunderstones, the level 5 genetic energy fire wheel was only priced at 100,000 stones.

“Let’s go, grasp the time and head to the next place.” Luo Feng said.

On the path they came from, Babata had discovered two places, this was but one of them.

“Right, to the next spot.” Thunder God’s eyes gleamed, almost like a beggar spotting a golden mountain.

……

From the central region to this first digging spot, it took about 10 hours of flight. And the digging time took close to 11 hours.

Luo Feng and his team continued flying.

Another 38 hours later, they arrived at their second spot, within the mountain region.

……

The sky was dark.

This was a continuous mountain region, it was filled with plant life, trees and vegetation.

“According to the thunderstones distribution map, in this 20,000km area, there are two thunderstone areas. However, that’s a 20,000km area! Every area will require spending quite a bit of time, normal scanning devices are completely useless. Only the top tier devices, those two that we have are useful, using those two, walking around this entire 20,000 km area, how long would it take?”

“Don’t complain, just do it seriously.”

A team with a vast number of over a thousand was scattered searching around, and the conversation before was from two of the searching members.

18 km away from this team.

Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God, Tie Nan He and Ao gu were squatting on the surface.

“Big trouble.” Hong said softly.

“The 2 million strong army outside has arrived.” Luo Feng was anxious, “In this forest, there’s a team with at least 10,000.” They were preparing to head to the second spot to dig, but along the way they met another 10,00 strong team, detouring, but during that detour, they met another 1,000 strong team.

Along with the distant flying group of people.

With a guess…

Within this forest, there should be a large team of close to 10,000 gathered.

The initial group of explorers was only a little more than 10,000, so there was no way that so many people could appear. Then it could only mean one thing, the 2 million man army had arrived! Actually since the treasures were first displayed at the castle, the 2 million strong army’s first leaders had already arrived, however they were at the outer reaches of the world, and after two to three days.

World within a world, the silhouettes of the 2 million strong army appeared throughout the areas.

As for the simple map of the thunderstones layout, it was obvious that they had acquired it too.

“Quickly, continue to detour.” Luo Feng ordered.

The night was dark, mountain region.

Luo Feng and his team swiftly re-routed again, along the way meeting another 1000 man army, detouring again…after flying a few thousand km, they finally reached the second digging spot!

“They haven’t dug here.” Luo Feng and his team hid amongst the thistles and thorns, extremely excited.

Obviously, this area didn’t have any traces of digging yet.

Babata’s scanning had shown that this area had a lot of thunderstones below.

“Thunderstones aren’t like universe crystals, scanning for them is very difficult. From the conversation of the members earlier, this large team only has two top tier scanning devices able to scan for the thunderstones.” Babata was very satisfied, “And the thunderstones map is only a simplified map, the entire diameter of this world within a world is about a million km, it only at most lets them know that in an area of tens of thousands of km, there are some thunderstones.”

“Begin digging.” Luo Feng ordered.

The five quickly dug downwards, Tie Nan He was in charge of covering up the hole entrance behind.

Underground.

In this 20km area, there are 210,397 thunderstones.” Babata said.

“Vine, I’m relying on you.” Luo Feng didn’t hesitate, with a thought, a large amount of vines extended from Luo Feng’s arm and swiftly pierced through the mud, heading in different directions.

Babata was in charge of directing them.

The cloud contact vine was in charge of grabbing the crystals, the vines extended through the mud and rock stratum, the moment it touched a thunderstone, the vine would extend a leaf and swiftly wrap them up.

……

In a 20,000 km area, with the gravity force in the world within a world, required Star level 9s to fly close to about an hour. The most important thing was…with a 20,000km area, it required multiple flights back and forth with they top tier scanning devices as their scanning area wasn’t big, Babata’s 20km scanning was considered very strong.

Even scanning with a 20 km area scanner, a 20,000km area required 1000 scans!

One hour of flight, with two devices, required a total of 500 hours to completely scan the area.

……

Underground.

After digging for over 3 hours.

The vines were swiftly retracting, shrinking and returning into Luo Feng’s skin.

“Very good, this area’s excavation is complete. Let’s go look around.” Luo Feng communicated mentally, “Everybody be careful, don’t ever be discovered.”

“Understood.”

The five carefully swiftly came out from the underground, beginning their search around. Very quickly, they searched around, this thunderstone area was about 96 km long, 129 km wide, with such a huge area, there were three spots with more clusters of stones. These three spots, each had 210,397 stones, (Just excavated), 128,302 stones, 198,355 stones.

And the other places, were all below 50,000 stones, the least with just a few hundred.

Overall, this area had more stones than the area they had just dug up before.

“Next area quickly, 198,355 stones.” Luo Feng swiftly ordered.

They fought to grasp every second!

Every minute represented a large amount of thunderstones being dug up. When Luo Feng was digging hard for the stones, there were occasionally other teams flying in the air above them, oblivious to the fact that there were people underground.

“You all, go dig over there, this area hasn’t been scanned by the devices.”

“Yes Captain.”

A little team finally headed towards the area where Luo feng and his team were digging.

“Captain, thunderstones, there’s thunderstones here!!!”

“What, thunderstones?”

“Quickly inform the Head Captain, also the Sector Lord.”

……

Underground.

“Luo Feng, quickly there are people digging here.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind.

Luo Feng’s expression changed.

The cloud contact vine was swiftly digging, every second gaining more and more thunderstones.

“They’ve dug up some thunderstones and are reporting to their superiors. Very soon, many other members will come down. Let’s leave!” Babata roared.

“Vine, quickly, quickly, quickly.” Luo Feng ordered.

The vine swiftly retracted, leaving behind the other thunderstones. Within the blink of an eye, it returned to Luo Feng’s arm.

“Let’s go!” Luo Feng ordered.

“Everybody be careful, the moment we burst out from the surface, immediately follow me and flee. Right now above us there are about a 1000 Star level 9 explorers. However with the forest area, we still have a guarantee of escaping.” Luo Feng ordered through genetic energy, they other four slightly nodded.


Chapter 348: What Treasures to Exchange for?

According to Babata’s scan of the outside over one thousand Star level 9 warriors and their distribution, Luo Feng was very clear that they had a chance of escaping. However, even if he was clear…there were still over one thousand people, that was a huge number! To be able to evade so many people’s sight and hearing, they required extreme caution and some luck.

“Charge!” Luo Feng communicated mentally.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

Five beams of light rushed out from underground, Luo Feng’s excavation of that spot was about 6 hours, the sky had gone from dark night to daybreak with light beginning to fill the land.

“Follow me.”

“Be cautious, don’t make any noise.” Luo Feng communicated mentally, swiftly piercing through the forest.

The living AI Babata was swiftly calculating the most suitable path of escape.

“There’s people there!”

“Not our people.”

“Chase.”

Immediately over a 100 Star level 9 warriors swiftly flew and began their chase, even though Babata’s calculations were accurate, it was impossible to get all five of Luo Feng’s team to act and react 100% accordingly to his directions.

“They’ve disappeared.”

“They disappeared in that direction.” There were already over a hundred people floating in the sky, carefully scanning the surroundings, the trees were tall and huge, with large amounts of vegetation, the place untouched for ten million years was already overrun with vines and roots, from mid air, it was impossible to see past the vegetation to the ground, and Luo Feng’s team fled fast and nimbly.

“You all go this way, we’ll go this way, quickly.”

……

Luo Feng and his team fled continuously tens of thousands of kilometers before stopping.

“Phew, we finally escaped.” Thunder God rubbed his head, there were beads of perspiration on it, he laughed, “That was really dangerous before.”

“It was dangerous indeed, if we were in the grassland areas or flat lands, it would have been over for us.” Hong exclaimed.

Luo Feng nodded.

It was because it was in the mountain forest regions, hiding in the mountains, the trees and it’s thick vegetation, that they were able to escape so easily.

“If it weren’t the mountain forest region and we were discovered by so many people, I wouldn’t dare take such a risk.” Luo Feng laughed.

“Haha, Luo Feng you punk you are really cautious.” Thunder God laughed, “Right, how many thunderstones did we acquire from that spot.”

“Just now, there were three spots with more clustered thunderstones, we were digging in the two more populated spots, 210,397 and 198,355 stones. However the second spot, we only managed to get most of it, there wasn’t any time to finish it off. We got about 170,000 stones.” Luo Feng laughed, “Added together, we dug up a total of about 380,000 stones in that mountain forest region.”

“That entire region, what’s the total?” Hong asked.

“About 630,000 stones.” Luo Feng laughed.

“Not bad, we got about half of it.” Hong nodded, Thunder God however curled his lips, “If that group had been slower by a few hours, we could have gotten 90% or more.”

“The first spot gave us close to 400,000 stones.”

“The second spot gave us about 380,000 stones.”

Luo Feng smiled, “Right now we’ve already dug up close to 780,000 thunderstones, however…right now, the 2 million strong army has already begun to occupy the different regions. Hence we have to grasp the time and quickly find more thunderstones. The moment all the thunderstone regions have been occupied, we won’t have any hope.”

The other four nodded.

Right now the 2 million strong army had just arrived, some earlier while others later, plus the vastness of the world within the world, it would still take a few days of work to fully occupy all the thunderstone regions.

These few days, there was still some hope in them.

An interval of time was worth an ounce of gold.

The time right now was incomparably precious! Luo Feng and his team acted accordingly to Babata’s scanning, flying towards the distant regions.

That was because the 2 million strong army was dispersing from the entrance constantly.

The further they were away from the entrance, the more hope they would have!

……

This long flight took over eight days!

Luo Feng and his team flew for eight days straight without resting, finally stopping to eat a piece of ‘meat’.

“The 2 million army, should have just about occupied all of the regions in this world within a world. We don’t have much hope anymore, right now, let’s return to the center and head to the castle to exchange for treasures.” Luo Feng and his team burst out from a large river that spread over thousands of km.

“Haha, we’ve really struck it these eight days.” Thunder god laughed.

Hong smiled too.

“Yes indeed.” Luo Feng was very happy, the eight days of flying without rest was tiring, however they were lucky enough to discover a region where no one had dug yet. Even though the amount wasn’t as extravagant as their second spot, it was however close to the first spot’s amount, Luo Feng and his team were naturally more than satisfied.

After all, these eight days, they relied heavily on luck.

“Digging up those three spots, added together, we have a total of 1,125,638 thunderstones.” Luo Feng was incomparably elated.

The search for the thunderstones was complete, Luo Feng and his team began their journey back to the central region. Along the way… they clearly discovered that the regions marked on the map before indicative of thunderstones were all occupied with teams. Every region had at least 10 thousand people gathered, this made the little teams have no hope at all.

……

“Tomorrow we’ll be able to reach the castle, the search for the thunderstones took eleven days, flying back took another five days, over half a month of no sleep or rest. Everybody rest well tonight.” In a forest not far from the flatlands, Luo Feng’s team finally stopped to have a good rest.

Sixteen days of no sleep or rest.

Tiring?

Even though they were slightly worn out, however they were all still extremely excited, the process of looking for the thunderstones before was exciting, and right now they were heading to exchange for treasures, who wouldn’t be excited?

“Third brother, what treasures are we exchanging for?” Thunder god couldn’t help but ask.

“We have a total of 1.12 million thunderstones.” Luo Feng looked at Hong and Thunder God, “Big brother, second brother, you have the list of treasures too, what are you prepared to exchange for?’

“The D6 cannon!” Thunder God was anticipating, “That D6 cannon, even Domain Lord level 6 warriors have a hard time blocking that shot! That level of weapon…also it’s a D6 grade, it’s definitely extremely costly. Leaving this land, no where else would have stock of it.”

“Right.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but nod.

D6 grade cannon!

Hiding and shooting a Domain Lord from far, killing him. This level of weapon… even many Sector Lords didn’t have one. It wasn’t that they didn’t have the money, it was that there was no way to get it at all. Or maybe to the Sector Lords, it wasn’t worth the money.

“Item number 11, the heart of stars.” Hong’s eyes gleamed, “This heart of stars, you guys should know about it too.”

“Right.”

Luo Feng was slightly excited.

The heart of stars, is a legendary item. In the vast universe, several planets that have the ability to produce and sustain life, for example plant life, beasts, humans, life planets. These life planets all have a limited life span, when one life planet grows old, its core would gather all of its remaining life energy into a crystal…forming the heart of stars.

“Dumb, dumb dumb!”

“Stupid, stupid, stupid!”

The clear crisp voice filled with rage and dissatisfaction resounded loudly.

“Whoa, Babata?” Luo Feng was suspicious, “What’s wrong?”

“Don’t tell me you are prepared to exchange for a D6 cannon, or even the heart of stars?

“A D6 cannon, firstly it’s size is huge, also it requires gathering enough force before it can fire…just it’s preparation time is about 30 seconds. The most important thing is…the automaton ship on Earth, that was an Undying’s ship!” Babata said, “The Undying that died within the Yun Mo Planet ship.”

“Right…”Luo Feng clearly remembered.

Back then there was indeed an automaton warrior amongst the Undying in the Yun Mo Planet ship.

“The automaton race, with its advanced technology, on the ship, there’s definitely something stronger than the D6 grade cannon!” Babata said, “There’ll be plenty better than this, why waste the thunderstones on it?”

“As for the heart of stars!”

“It’s good.”

“It has beneficial effects for the body’s evolution, however the speed is too slow. It’s good for normal fighters. However Luo Feng you already have the Golden Horned Beast’s body, hence your human body isn’t limited by the bottleneck, you can greatly enhance your evolution! You have no need to slowly swallow this.” Babata said, “As long as you have sufficient wealth, you will have many ways to evolve. No need for the heart of stars!”

“Also!”

“You made the biggest mistake, that is, you have no ambition!” Babata was very dissatisfied.

“No ambition? What do you mean no ambition?” Luo Feng was suspicious.

“Looking at the way you are prepared to exchange for the treasures, are you planning to end everything the moment you’ve exchanged?” Babata asked.

Luo Feng replied helplessly, “The 2 million army has already arrived in the world within a world, the thunderstone regions have all been occupied. Right now there’s no hope for anymore thunderstones, I believe as time passes, it’ll only reach a time of savagery and battles! And in the battle for the thunderstones, with the 2 million army fighting, my little team of five…”

“Stupid!”

“The life fruit, item number 9, the life fruit!!!” Babata shouted.

“What’s up with the life fruit?” Luo Feng was suspicious, “The life fruit definitely stores a large amount of life energy, as long as a Sector Lord’s soul isn’t destroyed, no matter how heavy his injuries, one fruit alone can help him recover fully. It’s called the Sector Lord’s second life. However what’s it got to do with me, I can’t use it now right?”

“You can use it, why can’t you use it?”

Babata said, “The life fruit stores a large amount of pure life energy, you should know the usage of life energy.”

“I understand, don’t the Mu Ya crystals store life energy too.” Luo Feng was very clear, “The Mu Ya crystals can make humans, plants and animals evolve.”

“Right, evolve.” Babata said. “Mu Ya crystals can make humans evolve, and the trillions of times more valuable life fruit too can make humans plants, and animals evolve. Accurately speaking, it’s a Mu Ya crystal that’s a thousand to ten thousand times higher grade. Even a Sector Lord’s wounds can immediately be recovered immediately.”

“You are saying, let me use the life fruit and make me evolve?” Luo Feng asked.

“Wrong! Don’t you remember on Earth what happened to some beasts that ate the Mu Ya crystals?” Babata said.

Luo Feng remembered.

On Earth, back on Misty Island, some of the beasts exploded when they ate the Mu Ya crystals, while some successfully evolved to emperor level. The main thing was one’s cell strength…the stronger it was, the better it could digest the energy. Just like that tentacle beast that became an emperor level!

“The life energy in the life fruit, is incomparably pure and concentrated! If you were to swallow it, you’d immediately explode!” Babata said, “Only things with incomparably strong cells, and larger physiques can actually absorb the life energy and evolve.”

“You are saying?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Right, the cloud contact vine!” Babata said, “Right now the cloud contact vine is at Star level 4, its limit is at extending 36 vines, each vine itself can separate into many more smaller vines! At the same time, every vine’s limit is about 30,000m. Also, it even has a huge root network!”

Luo Feng’s eyes lit up.

Back on Misty Island, the Star Traveller level cloud contact vine, one vine alone was about 2000m.

“Also the cloud contact vine’s cell strength is very strong.” Babata said, “Back on Misty Island, you know it too. Even a normally nurtured cloud contact vine, if it broke a vine it would swiftly regrow. In terms of its cell strength…your particular one has had special nurturing, it’s much stronger than normal ones.”

“In terms of its cell strength, the cloud contact vine, these sorts of plants, because of its species, even Domain Lords may not compare to it. Plus it has an incomparably huge physique!”

“Shocking cell strength! Incredibly large physique! This is the best host to absorb the life fruit.”

“Also, you don’t have to worry about it exploding!”

“If it cannot absorb it all, it’ll break a few vines and let the life energy disperse. It won’t die.” Babata was incredibly excited, “Cell strength that surpasses a domain lord, thirty six 30,000m long vines and a large root network. The moment it swallows the life fruit, it would definitely evolve greatly!”

“Right now it’s a Star level 4, with the life fruit, it would break through straight away to the universe level, no problem at all!”

“When that time comes, with a Universe level cloud contact vine as your partner! You definitely be able to kill the leaders of many of these groups, taking away their storage items. Taking away all their thunderstones!” Babata was extremely satisfied, “First invest in the life fruit and strengthen the cloud contact vine. After that rely on it and get more thunderstones, exchange for more treasures, that’s the trump card plan!”

……

Luo Feng’s blood was totally boiling from hearing Babata’s plan.

The cloud contact vine was an incredibly strong assisting plant life, otherwise the Yun Mo Planet master wouldn’t have cultivated one himself. The moment it reached the universe level…with the universe level cloud contact vine’s sturdiness, it could easily kill fighters from underground with a few vines. When that time came, even though the enemies had numbers, they could still kill the leaders and take away the storage items.

“Right!”

“What was over a million thunderstones worth?”

“We’ll first make the cloud contact vine incomparably strong, and then get more thunderstones!” Luo Feng was totally decided.

Daybreak on the second day, the light ball was high in the sky of the world within a world, light shimmering down from above, Luo Feng’s team headed straight for the center region.

The flat land center region, the castle was right there.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s team looked at the distant center region.

“Third brother.” Hong slight creased his eyebrows, “There’s a lot of people at the central region.”

“That’s a lot.”

Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, in the distance where the thunder castle was, large numbers of Star level explorers gathered and filled the land and skies, filling up the entire area! It was much more than any team Luo Feng had seen along the way.

“It seems that exchanging for the treasures won’t be that easy.” Thunder God sighed softly.


Chapter 349: Exchanging within The Castle

Volume 09 Chapter 35 – Exchanging within The Castle

The flowers and blades of grass were fluttering in the wind, and the large numbers of explorer groups around were heavily surrounding the thunder castle.

“So many people have surrounded the thunder castle?” Luo Feng looked from the distance, creasing his eyebrows.

The scene before them was an obvious sign…these large groups of people must have teamed up together to set up a security barrier before the castle. Even if one had thunderstones, with other parties blocking outside, what could one do?

“Big brother, second brother, I’m going to look for Lord Ming Yu.” Luo Feng communicated via genetic energy.

“Alright.” Hong and Thunder God nodded.

Luo Feng closed his eyes, swiftly connecting to the Virtual Universe Network.

……

Virtual Universe Network, Black Dragon Mountain Island, 9 Star Bay.

Luo Feng stood in the lawn of his own house, a screen appeared before him, on it appeared an incomparably tall and sturdy man, it was the Virtual Universe Company’s Black Dragon Mountain base military department external affairs Ming Yu.

“Haha, Luo Feng.” Ming Yu laughed carefree, his smile was very happy.

“Lord Ming Yu.” Luo Feng slightly bowed, displaying respect.” I’m at the central region right now, heavily surrounded by large numbers of explorer armies. What’s going on?”

“Oh, Monopoly!”

On the screen, Ming Yu smiled, “This is a major decision from all the organizations, after the announcement from that AI in the castle! Forming an alliance army with explorers from all sides. Heavily surrounding the castle, surveillance and restricting anybody from exchanging for treasures.”

“Oh.” Luo Feng realized.

That was tyranny!

10% of the army, that was almost 200,000!

A 200,000 man Star level 9 army, restricting anyone from getting close to the castle, that was simply too easy. This way, the other explorers that were without any background, even with the thunderstones, wouldn’t be able to enter the castle to exchange for anything.

“However you all shouldn’t have any problems. You, Hong, and Thunder God, the three of your appearances and data have been given to my underlings and to the headquarters! So if you three go over…that 200,000 strong army will know you are the underlings of the Three Axe Mountain Ming Yu, they won’t stop you.” Ming Yu smiled.

Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief in his heart.

That was indeed cautious!

They actually gathered everybody’s information together, the moment one wasn’t on the list, he wouldn’t be able to enter the thunder castle.

“Lord Ming Yu, my team still has another two members.” Luo Feng sent over Tie Nan He and Ao Gu’s physical appearances and information.

“Alright, they’ll go under my name list too.” Ming Yu smiled.

“Thank you Lord Ming Yu, then I’ll first leave the Virtual Universe Network.” Luo Feng bowed.

“Haha…right, Luo Feng, the fact that you are heading to the castle, you should have had some earnings?” Ming Yu asked, his eyes gleaming with a sense of anticipation.

“The situation in this world within a world, I’m sure you Lord Ming Yu should know.” Luo Feng said helplessly, “With the arrival of the 2 million army, my little team of five doesn’t have any chance of a struggle at all.”

On the screen, Ming Yu nodded.

“However, we will work hard, we won’t let you go disappointed! If we work hard to exchange for treasures…” Luo Feng smiled.

“Relax, I definitely won’t treat you poorly.” Ming Yu said directly.

“Thank you Lord.”

Following which the call ended.

World within a world.

The winds howled, Luo Feng and his team of five swiftly flew towards the alliance army.

“Freeze!” The grand explorer army was akin to an impenetrable fortress, even a fly wouldn’t have a chance of sneaking in. Amongst them, a lion head strong looking man shouted as he raised his hand.

Luo Feng and his team landed.

“We are the underlings of the Three Axe Mountain Ming Yu.” Thunder God shouted.

“Hm?”

The lion head man gazed at them with his dark yellow eyes, behind him was a vast army of close to a thousand people! Surrounding this castle was an army of close to 200,000 explorers, of which this was separated into thirty six teams, every team had close to a thousand people. Securing the castle every minute and second, these 36,000 explorers would then change shifts with others, absolutely restricting access to anyone without any background.

“Di.” The lion head man lowered his head to look at his quantum computer, on the screen appeared Luo Feng and his team’s information, the lion head man looked carefully at them.

“Haha…” The lion head man let out a carefree smile, “So it’s brothers from the Three Axe Mountain. The people from the Three Axe Mountain aren’t too far from here, if you five just ask around, you should be able to find them.”

“Thanks.” Luo Feng smiled.

The five drew close to the vast crowds of people.

The lion head man transmitted via genetic energy, “You five, do you have any thunderstones to sell? I’m willing to purchase them at one thunderstone for ten cubic meters of universe crystal.”

“My apologies, my Lord forbids any sale of it.” Luo Feng glanced at him, transmitting via genetic energy.

“Well your Lord doesn’t even know how much thunderstones you have.” The lion head man replied, “Why not sell some and get some universe crystals.”

“Hm… let me think about it.” Luo Feng smiled.

After which, he led the other four away quickly.

Watching Luo Feng and his team leave, the lion head man rubbed his huge and thick nose, scoffing unhappily, obviously he was dissatisfied from being unable to exchange for any thunderstones!

……

The alliance base was tight on security outside but lax inside.

The external thirty six security teams were cautious and prudent, however there was laughter and discussions inside. There were even a lot of secret buying and selling of the thunderstones within. As the saying goes, every man for himself, and the devil take the hindmost, everybody was Star level 9 warriors, the trades of the thunderstones were pretty rampant.

Amongst the crowds.

Luo Feng and his team sat around the grass field, the entire army was also scattered with everybody sitting around, many people hopping from group to group engaging in deals.

“That lion head guy was devious enough, saying he’d exchange for one thunderstone with ten cubic meters of universe crystal. Look at the rates here, there are some saying they’d exchange with a 100 cubic meters, even 200 cubic meters for one thunderstone!” Thunder God said dissatisfied.

“Even though the universe crystals are valuable, but compared to the treasures, they aren’t worth anything.” Hong said.

“Exchanging for treasures.”

Luo Feng looked at the ancient castle right in front.

1 minute, 2 minutes…

1 hour, 2 hours…

Luo Feng looked at the castle for a solid 3 hours, within these 3 hours, he realized a peculiar thing. There would occasionally be people dressed in armor with their helmets covering their entire heads entering the castle. Within these short 3 hours, there were close to a 100 of them entering and leaving.

“Don’t tell me within these 3 hours, 100 people actually exchanged for treasures? There are only a total of 312 treasures!” Luo Feng was suspicious.

“Haha, brother you are wrong.”

A skinny monkey-like silhouette walked past and stopped, smiling as he looked at Luo Feng, “Brother, the people entering the castle, nine out of ten of them are just going in to make a scene! One must know…this alliance army may be called an alliance, but it is still separated into little teams, representing the different Domain and Sector Lords.”

“The 2 million man army, the killings and chaos later will be brutal. Hence, no one wants to let anybody know that they’ve acquired treasures.”

“So, they’ve been arranging their underlings to enter the castle and purposely distract and confuse people. They even pay for other team people to enter for them. Since they can acquire a large amount of money just from entering the castle and wandering about, who wouldn’t be willing?” The skinny monkey smiled as he looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng realized.

Smokescreen?

Right!

The name may be called alliance army, however the internal definitely wasn’t united, they were still competing with each other.

“Brother, do you have any thunderstones to sell? I can give you 250 cubic meters of universe crystals, a high price for one thunderstone.” The skinny monkey man laughed again.

“I’ll pay 300 cubic meters for one of your thunderstones.” Luo Feng looked at him.

The skinny monkey laughed awkwardly and left.

The thunderstones represented the treasures within, no matter how high the price, it wouldn’t be expensive. It was just that some of the armies were preying on some of the Star level 9 explorers’ greed for wealth! 300 cubic meters of universe crystal, that was akin to 1 billion Ganwu dollars. How could normal Star level 9 explorers resist that temptation?

However those treasures.

Just like the level 5 genetic energy weapon, if one sold it outside, it would go at a heavenly price.

Normal level 3 genetic energy weapons would sell for 20 to 30 billion Black Dragon dollars. (Average price) A level 4 genetic energy weapon would sell for close to 100 billion Ganwu dollars. A level 5 genetic energy weapon would reach close to 100 billion Universe dollars! That was close to 100 million cubic meters of universe crystals! Normal Domain Lords that just broke through to the Sector Lord level would find it hard to part with such money.

Only Sector Lord Kabu, the pinnacle of Sector Lords with incomparable wealth, akin to a poorer Undying Being would have such shocking wealth.

……

Minutes and seconds passed.

People frequently entered the ancient castle, almost all of which with full armor and helmets, no one knew just who exchanged for treasure or not.

“Phew!”

Luo Feng took a deep breath, dressed in armor and with a helmet, with only his eyes showing. He headed straight for the castle.

Walking out of the crowd alone towards the castle.

This led to many looking over, carefully observing Luo Feng…No one could be sure whether this person heading to the castle was really going to exchange for something or not.

“Your majesty, these are the thunderstones sent from the second large team, they excavated two districts and killed three small teams. They acquired a total of 2.1 million thunderstones.” Amongst the allied army, surrounded by eight bodyguards, the ninth prince Brolin sat, beside him a man respectfully handed over a space bracelet.

“2.1 million thunderstones?” Brolin took the space bracelet over, softly saying, “Give the order, let the other teams all quickly send over their thunderstones. The three passwords for the inheritance crystals, requires a total of 30 million thunderstones, we are still far from it.”

“Yes your majesty.”

The man respectfully nodded.

Brolin slightly turned his head, looking at the castle, at this moment Luo Feng had just stepped into the castle.

“Tsk, a bunch of poor ghosts!”

Brolin laughed coldly, “Exchanging for treasures, all covered up and hiding, the things they are exchanging for are ultimately those poor objects! Tsk, the second item, the Sector Lord’s bank account, I’m not even looking at that. Only the incomparably valuable entire space technique crystal balls, those are the most important. Compared to the other treasures, these are so much more important!”

“Your majesty.”

Another man rushed over and bowed respectfully, passing over a space ring, “This is the fifth large team’s thunderstones, a total of 1.68 million thunderstones.”

Brolin’s eyes lit up, picking up the space ring and swiftly turning, “Let’s go, follow me into the castle, right now we can exchange for one of the numbers.”

“Yes.”

Brolin brought four bodyguards with him, without even concealing his identity, walking directly towards the castle, immediately drawing the attention of countless people from the allied army.


Chapter 350: Life Fruit

“Senior, the 9th prince his majesty Bu Luo Lin has entered the castle.” Amongst the people from Bai Hu tower, Chou Yu said softly.

“Hmph.”

A skinny man with silver eyes stared in the distance, snorting, “The power that Bu Luo Lin has is too large, 1, he’s the 9th prince, every power under the sacred land black dragon mountain supports him. 2, hiss grandfather has an extremely high position in the black dragon mountain sacred land, another group of people support him. Out of the 500,000 army from black dragon mountain, there’s 220,000 that actually respond to his command.”

The 2 million army.

Black dragon mountain, Ice Neptune country, the 2 sacred lands with their 500,000 army.

The 4 organizations each had 200,000 in their army.

The 16 families, each had 10,000.

However the 9th prince Bu Luo Lin, with his special background, commanded an army of 220,000 himself. This was a very united 220,000…with huge power.

“He split his a little more than 220,000 army into 7 large teams, each with 30,000.” The skinny man snorted softly, “With a team 30,000 fighting for territory, who’d be able to fight back?”

……

The allied army were all engaged in discussion, however while many elites were feeling unfair, with their position, they were only a generation of elites from the organizations, far from the position of universe level warriors! As for the 9th prince, with his mother’s lineage and his own power, his position was much higher.

If it were outside and not the exam world.

Bu Luo Lin wouldn’t even have any problem ordering the death of a universe level warrior! However this was the world within a world, Bu Luo Lin had to follow the given rules.

Ancient Castle.

When Bu Luo Lin entered the castle with his bodyguards, Luo Feng was already at the instruction of the castle’s AI, entering into a cold ancient room within the castle.

In that ancient room, a dim light lit up the entire room, the scars and marks on the walls depicted the history of the castle, greenish black stone slabs on the wall, all with a lingering odor.

“What do you want to exchange for, punk.” A serious voice resounded within the room.

The room was silent.

Luo Feng surveyed his surroundings, there wasn’t anyone around.

“Of course exchange for treasures.” Luo Feng said.

“Do you have thunder stones? These few days there’ve been many who have come here on purpose but without any thunder stones to exchange.” The serious voice continued.

“I do.”

Luo Feng waved his hand and a pile of thunder stones the height of a person appeared.

“Very good.” The voice said.

Footsteps could be heard vaguely from the corridor outside, following which a fat, short and stout white bearded old man walked in, his body emanating light. Luo Feng could see from a glance that this old man was a living AI, similar to Babata on the Yun Mo ship from before, forming his own energy body.

“It’s rare for someone to exchange for something.” The white bearded old man smiled as he looked at Luo Feng.

“How are you old man, what should I address you as…” Luo Feng was very respectful.

No matter the case, the white bearded old man before him was a living AI, one that had followed sector lord Kabu and lived in solitude for over 10 million years. These sort of beings deserved respect! And according to Babata, having lived in solitude for ten million years, this old man must have been somewhat mentally perverted, he had better not get on his bad side.

“Little punk, you can call me Lord Wu.” The white bearded old man smiled, the light around him slightly swirling.

“Lord Wu?” Luo Feng was shocked.

What a weird name.

“Lord Wu, I want to exchange for treasures.” Luo Feng said.

“Won’t you keep me company and chat, what’s the rush?” The white bearded old man was disastisfied.

Luo Feng said, “Lord Wu, that’s…”

“Since you are in such a rush, let’s exchange.” The white bearded old man’s expression changed very quickly to indifference, “What do you want to exchange for?”

“Level 5 genetic energy weapon ‘Ice soul blade’.” Luo Feng said, “And the level 5 spirit weapon Pressure void cauldron.”

“Hm?” The white bearded old man seemed shocked.

“And the last one, a life fruit.” Luo Feng bowed slightly, “Lord Wu, just these 3.”

“Just these 3?” The white bearded old man’s eyes glimmered brightly, seemingly shocked at this black haired youth before him, “The level 5 genetic energy weapon Ice Soul Blade requires 130,000 thunder stones. The level 5 spirit weapon Pressure Void Cauldron requires 180,000 thunder stones. One life fruit requires 800,000 thunder stones! Within 10,000km around this castle is my surveillance area, you don’t seem to have a large position within this explorer army, how did you get so many thunder stones?”

Luo Feng smiled.

10,000km surveillance area?

Babata had actually warned him much earlier before. In terms of surveillance, even though this white bearded old man’s area was huge…just like the earth’s security defense system, which covered the entire solar system.

However with such a huge area, the level of scanning was however much lower.

“Lord Wu, do you have to ask something like that?” Luo Feng was taken aback.

“Just asking for kicks.” The white bearded old man blinked his eyes, very casually saying, “3 treasures, alright, no problem.”

Luo Feng felt incomparable anticipation within.

The 3 treasures were actually suggested by Babata. According to his plan…the entire treasure list and prices were somewhat chaotic.

For example, the entire space technique crystal balls, those were priceless treasures! Price wise, it could be said to be 10,000 times or even 100,000 times the level 5 genetic energy weapon Fire Wheel’s! However, the fire wheel only required 100,000 thunder stones while the crystal balls 3 codes only required 30 million thunder stones.

It was a total of 300 times only.

For example, the life fruit was 800,000 thunder stones, however it’s true price outside was akin to a sector lord’s life, more than even a hundred Fire wheels.

Hence…

The prices weren’t synced with the outside world prices. Buying itself required skill.

The level 5 genetic energy weapon Ice Soul Blade, in the outside world would be 5 to 6 times that of the Fire Wheel, the Pressure Void Cauldron was about ten times that of the Fire wheel! However in terms of exchanging…the prices weren’t too different.

Within the silent ancient room.

The white bearded old man covered entirely in light stood.

“The total sum of the 3 treasures is 1.11 million Thunder Stones.” The old man said.

“Lord Wu, please keep it well.” Luo Feng handed over a normal space ring, killing along the way had gotten Luo Feng many space rings.

“Hm?”

The white bearded old man waved his hand and the space ring flew into it, after which he smiled, “Hm, just nice, 1.11 million thunder stones.”

“This is the level 5 genetic energy weapon ‘Ice Soul Blade.’ The old man flipped his hand and immediately an entirely silver blue colored double tiered arc blade appeared, immediately, the entire room’s temperature dropped and the entire space’s humidity began to freeze, this peculiar blade’s edge was incomparably sharp.

The Ice Soul Blade floated before him…

Luo Feng felt like his soul was being sliced, extending his hand and keeping it in his space ring.

“This is the level 5 spirit weapon ‘Pressure Void Cauldron’.” The white bearded old man flipped his hand and a pure purple, like a copper cast little cauldron about 30cm tall floated before Luo feng, on it were large amounts of complex engravings, tens of millions of times more complex than the engravings on the soaring shuttle. It was similar to the golden engravings on the body of the golden horned beast.

Peculiar engravings…

It caused the surrounding space to feel like it was separated, even though it was only 30cm high, it made Luo Feng feel like it was incomparably huge, as though it was a mountain that couldn’t be seen end to end, high than no mountain he’d seen before, breathtaking.

“Don’t look at it stupidly, a level 5 genetic energy weapon and a level 5 spirit weapon, they all have source engravings that are close to the universe’s origin laws. Each have immense amount of power. However, only after becoming a sector lord, obtaining the universe source energy will one truly be able to use them.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind.

Luo Feng awoke from the trance, extending his hand to keep the Pressure Void Cauldron in his space ring.

My god!

Just 2 level 5 weapons made him totally unable to resist. It was said that when sector lords battled, they would changed the land and skies, one move could destroy all life on an entire planet. It was indeed true!

“Little punk. Those 2 are both sector lord weapons. What I’m giving you now…is akin to a sector lord’s second life, it stores an incomparable amount of pure mystic life energy, a special spirit fruit formed from the gathering of universe energy…life fruit!” The white bearded old man’s expression was serious, producing a peculiar translucent stone box.

The box had a faint glow of green about it.

“The life fruit, is a special condensed crystal from the vast universe, storing unbelievable amounts of life energy. Even the powerful sector lords capable of destroying an entire planet with a wave of their hands, with immense amount of energy within them would be able to fully recover no matter how heavy the injury!” The white bearded old man was shocked, “Mystical, this is the universe’s wonders!”

Luo Feng held his breath as he received the box, pa, opening the stone box.

……

Within the silent ancient room.

After opening the stone box, within a flash, the surrounding area seemed to lose it’s color, only the surface green glow from the life fruit seemed to be present and glaring!

The green glow shot all over.

A thick aroma that entranced people emanated throughout, the entire room was immediately filled with life energy, all emanating from the core…the life fruit! Just this one fruit, sector lords would use an entire galaxy to exchange for, with countless Sector Lords willing to exchange!

It was incredibly valuable!

Incomparably costly!

“Sniff!” Luo Feng took a deep breath and that aroma filled his body, his every cell excitedly jumped up, as though they were eating a heavenly dish, changes began to naturally happen within his inherited genes, his entire bone structure letting out snaps, even his muscles began to change.

“Idiot, quickly close it. The moment you open it, the life fruit’s life energy will constantly dissipate!” Babata raged.

Luo Feng quivered before awaking from the trance.

Pa!

He closed to stone box.

“Wow, it’s unbelievable.” Luo Feng looked at the stone box, staring wide eyed, “I only took a couple of breaths and I feel like I’ve evolved so much.”

“Idiot, your 2 breaths, you lose about a hundred breaths from that.” Babata raged.

Luo Feng excitedly closed the stone box.


Chapter 351: Kill Them

When Luo Feng was engaged in exchanging with the old bearded man, the ninth prince of the Black Dragon Mountain Brolin was in another ancient room.

Within the dark ancient room.

Brolin stood there smiling as he shouted, “I’d like to exchange for treasures.”

“Little punk, what’s the rush.” A serious voice resounded within the ancient room, “One at a time, after this other punk is finished, I’ll exchange with you.”

“Hm?”

Brolin’s eyes gleamed coldly.

One at a time?

“The person who entered before wasn’t just putting on an act and is really exchanging for treasures?” A thought appeared in Brolin’s mind, following which he smiled coldly, closing his eyes and entering the Virtual Universe Network.

Virtual Universe Network, Black Dragon Mountain Island.

It was a huge city, in it were many palaces that were continuous, amongst which there was an inconspicuous purple palace, two guards stood outside this palace.

Sou!

Within the palace, a handsome pale skinned man appeared on the throne, it was the ninth prince Brolin.

Dressed in mostly black, with gold embroidery around the robe, Brolin sat on the throne, immediately requesting for communication with his nine bodyguards. His nine bodyguards were all his slaves who were completely loyal to him! Of course there was one that died when the castle opened. Luckily the thunder castle’s thunder didn’t destroy the space ring, hence the laser gun within that bodyguard’s space ring wasn’t damaged.

Sou!

A silhouette appeared within the large palace, dressed in a black guard uniform, with greenish flame like hair that was spiked up.

“Your Majesty.” The guard respectfully knelt down.

“Camelot.”

Brolin glanced down at his guard from high above, ordering, “There was a punk who entered the thunder castle just before I did, one dressed in gold armor with a helmet. He has many thunderstones, and is currently exchanging for treasure with the thunder castle’s living AI right now.”

“What?” The guard was shocked.

There would occasionally be people entering the thunder castle, many of which were simply decoys, with very few actually exchanging for treasures.

“I’m very sure he is really exchanging for treasures.” Brolin said coldly, “Hence I want you to keep an eye on him, do you understand what I mean?”

“Understood!” The guard said respectfully.

“Very well.”

Brolin nodded satisfied, following which his body vanished into nothing from the throne.

World within world.

The white bearded old man walked into Brolin’s ancient room, Brolin revealed a smile.

“Little punk, what do you want to exchange for?” The white bearded old man looked at him.

“The inheritance crystal ball’s first account passcode.” Brolin looked at the white bearded old man, “And one life fruit.”

The white bearded old man couldn’t help but reveal a shocked expression.

……

When Brolin was exchanging, Luo Feng had just walked out of the thunder castle’s huge entrance doors, the moment he stepped out, separately in the distance, with up to 200,000 of the allied army surrounding the thunder castle, there were at least about 10,000 people watching him, carefully observing his actions, Luo Feng however was steady.

There were people constantly entering the thunder castle with many as decoys, he guessed that not many would have known that he had truly exchanged for treasures.

“That’s him.”

“The one that entered before his majesty.”

“Watch him well.”

From the ten thousand that were looking at Luo Feng, there were a few with ulterior motives, communicating via genetic energy.

……

Luo Feng mixed into the crowds of the allied army, after wandering within for awhile, finally he met up with Hong, Thunder God, Tie Nan He and Ao Gu. Ao Gu naturally spread a spirit barrier around them, preventing anyone from hearing or eavesdropping.

“How’d it go?” Hong and Thunder God looked at Luo Feng.

“Everything went well, according to plan.” Luo Feng smiled, “One life fruit, two level 5 weapons.”

Thunder God was elated: “That’s great, one life fruit will let your cloud contact vine evolve greatly! That way, our little team in this world within a world won’t be as tragic as before, having to flee the moment we meet any big teams!”

“Investment first, only then will there be rewards.” Hong smiled, “Third brother, you have to remember what you said…when we get another batch of thunderstones, you have to get another life fruit for my cloud contact vine too.”

“Definitely!” Luo Feng smiled.

“Tsk!” Thunder God rubbed his nose, glancing at Hong , “Don’t expect too much, the life fruit is a good thing, if third brother exchanged for it, others might too. And there are only a total of three of them. By the time we get another batch of thunderstones, who knows if there would be any left!”

Hong didn’t bother about Thunder God’s banter.

This whole exchanging plan, after Luo Feng had discussed with Hong and Thunder God, they were in complete approval. That was because they didn’t know before that the life fruit would be able to make the cloud contact vine evolve greatly. Even Hong said…when they got a chance later, he would also like his cloud contact vine to evolve.

However, Hong’s cloud contact vine was firstly much lower in grade compared to Luo Feng’s.

Luo Feng’s cloud contact vine was currently a star level 4, while Hong’s vine had just stepped into the star level 1. Hence with the life fruit’s incomparably huge amount of pure life energy, Luo Feng’s vine had a larger guarantee of being able to withstand and absorb it.

“Actually, from the weapons we exchanged this time, we would be able to do many things already.” Thunder God was all smiles.

“Right.” Hong nodded.

“With sufficient wealth, we can do a lot of things.” Luo Feng was excited too.

The Ice Soul Blade and the Pressure Space Cauldron.

These were level 5 genetic energy and spirit weapons! These were weapons that only Sector Lords could truly utilize. And for Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God who were only star level…to them, these two weapons were no use at all. If Luo Feng used a level 5 weapon, it’s power would probably not even compare to using the soaring shuttle.

The best weapon was one that was suitable.

Hence…

These two weapons were only to be exchanged to sell! These were level 5 weapons! In the world within a world, selling them would be a huge loss, but outside, they were worth fortunes. These two level 5 weapons represented incomparable amounts of wealth.

“I have to think, what do I do with so much money later?” Thunder God muttered.

“First, we have to get rid of the Nuolan Shan Family.” Hong said seriously, “As long as they are around, we will never have peace.”

“Everybody else is easy to deal with, this Nuolan Shan however is hard.” Luo Feng shook his head, “Buying Universe level slaves, one can at most buy a level 9. This is the highest level of slaves…and that Nuolan Shan, he actually has the Battle-axe fighter title. Normal Universe level warriors aren’t even his match.”

“No rush no rush, we’ll work around it with money.” Thunder God smiled.

“Everybody first take a rest.”

Luo Feng said seriously, “We’ll wait till nightfall and leave the allied army.”

For the cloud contact vine to evolve, it first had to unleash it’s full size and structure for it to be able to easily absorb the most life energy. And with it’s large form, and the evolution noise itself…there was no way for it happen in this central region.

“Ok, we’ll leave at nightfall.”

……

Luo Feng and his team of five were very normal within the allied army. However there were people secretly watching them.

The allied army had close to 200,000 people.

With the characteristics of a Star level explorer, it was impossible to squeeze them together as with the soldiers of Earth. The moment a Star level speeds up and accelerates, one would disappear a few kilometers away in the blink of an eye. And this was still only because of the world within a world! Hence, the space between the groups was much larger, Luo Feng’s team was closely gathered, the rest were casually grouped around.

And some bigger teams, their distance between each other was 1 to 2 km.

If they were too close, it would be harder to manage.

This distance…

To a Star level, they could easily see each other, with a flash they could reach each other. Hence the entire allied army was dispersed over 60 to 70 km.

And the powerful ninth prince Brolin, his army was at the most central region, over 30 km away from Luo Feng’s team, this made it impossible for Babata to pick up on Brolin! And Brolin’s scanning systems were from the Black Dragon Mountain sacred land.

Compared to Babata’s, they weren’t that far off.

Nightfall, the strong winds howled.

Within a tent.

Bu Luo Lin sat crossed legged and shut his eyes.

“You majesty.” Camelot said respectfully.

“You haven’t lost sight of that five man team right?” Bu Luo Lin’s voice was very calm.

“No.” Camelot said respectfully, “Your majesty commands up to 20,000 men from the allied army! With our strategic placement around, almost the entire allied army camp is under our surveillance, and since the entire army is only dispersed a few tens of km, that five man team has no way to escape our sights.”

“Right.”

Brolin replied, suddenly opening his eyes, gleaming like sharp knives at Camelot, Camelot slightly bowed.

“According to the agreement, there’s no killing allowed within the allied army.” Brolin said coldly, “I too don’t want to break the rules, just watch them…the moment they leave the allied army zone, immediately send a small team and kill them, take all their storage items, understood?”

“Yes your majesty.” Camelot said respectfully, “I’ll arrange for it immediately.”

“Ok. Go on.” Brolin said indifferently.

Camelot respectfully left the tent, at this time a man walked in, kneeling on one leg, he said respectfully, “Your majesty, the sixth big team killed six other teams today, up to about 5,000 explorers. They acquired about 2.59 million thunderstones.” Following which, he respectfully handed over a space ring.

“Hm, the sixth big team has done well.”

Brolin couldn’t help but reveal a smile, “Tell the other big teams, make them work harder, make use of the time and acquire more thunderstones.”

“Yes.”

The man retreated.

Within the tent, Brolin held the space ring, weighing it in his hand, revealing an arrogant confident smile, “We almost have 10 million thunderstones! We should be able to exchange for the second pass code. However since the thunderstones in the different regions are almost dug clean, what remains is to kill and fight for the thunderstones.”

……

To someone as high up as the ninth prince Brolin, even if these 2 million people died, he didn’t care at all.

Born into royalty.

His mother’s family had been incomparably strong, he had seen too much of the strong eating the weak in the universe, with an order, tens of planets and their civilians could become slaves…with such power, killing these other teams for thunderstones became a very natural thing for him. As for ordering a team to kill Luo Feng…

Brolin didn’t really care at all.

That little team of five were nothing but ants to him, an order from him just results in a few ants being squished.


Chapter 352: Sudden Waves

Late night, the winds howled.

World within a world, amongst the allied army.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder exchanged glances and revealed smiles.

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng said softly.

The five man team swiftly stood up and seemingly casually moved towards the outer areas of the army. Entering the allied army itself was difficult requiring identification! Anyone not from any powers or organization was forbidden from entering, leaving however was easy. After all the large powers constantly sent people in and out to deliver thunderstones.

The number of people entering and leaving was indeed not small.

“Captain, the five of them are leaving.”

“Quickly follow.”

“Quickly.”

“All, move faster.”

The underlings of the ninth prince had been preparing for when the little team began to move.

One had to know that the ninth prince controlled over 220,000 people, the seven large teams, each had 30,000 people. And even their small teams were 1,000 per team! As for the surveillance group, that too was a 1000 man small team that exchanged shifts.

Late night, amidst the howling winds, Luo Feng’s team flew up and away from the allied army base.

And behind them, a 1,000 man team lifted into the skies too and followed them.

“Everybody don’t be rash and impatient. This is still close to the allied army base, the moment they re enter the base grounds, we will be unable to do anything.”

“We’ll first follow and once a bit of distance has been made, we’ll act.”

The captain of the 1,000 man team was communicating softly to his team.

……

Ahead in mid air, Luo Feng’s team.

“Haha, thrilling, thrilling.” High in the sky, Thunder God’s voice resounded as he smiled with satisfaction, “I’m already feeling uncontrollably excited just from thinking about the life fruit and the two sector lord weapons.”

“Before we came here, I was worried too that we’d have problems after exchanging.” Hong smiled, “Looking at things now, it seems everything went smoothly.”

“1st and 2nd brother, after the cloud contact vine’s evolution, it’ll be even more thrilling.” Luo Feng smiled, his heart filled with anticipation.

Before when they were digging for the thunderstones, they were totally relying on Babata’s initial scans and discoveries of the stones, hence they got so much. And when the 20 million explorer army arrived in different regions and dug up all the other thunderstones… what followed would be the most brutal and savage massacre period! This point, Luo Feng was definitely sure.

Some Sector Lord underlings were able to exchange for treasures while others were not…

Those that didn’t would naturally be ordered to kill and rob! In the eyes of those Sector Lords, even if they lose ten thousand explorers, it didn’t mean anything.

“Hm?” What’s going on, there’s a team following us behind.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows and communicated.

“There really is one.” Thunder God creased his eyebrows.

“They are following us, are they going to get more thunderstones and just happen to be moving the same way?” Hong said.

“Let’s increase our speed and make a turn.” Luo Feng communicated.

“Yes, master!”

Tie Nan He and Ao Gu followed his command.

When the five made an arc in mid air and increased their speed, becoming five beams of light turning left.

Among the 1,000 man team behind them.

“Captain, they are trying to escape!”

“Right now there’s about a few hundred km between us and the allied army, everybody listen, with the quickest speed chase the 5 man team ahead and kill them.” The captain ordered.

“Yes!”

“Yes!”

“Understood!”

In the dark night, Star level 9 explorers dressed in black alloy armors complied to the order, exploding one by one with immense speed into beams of light into the night sky. It was akin to thousands of shooting stars, different speeds madly rushing towards the five shooting stars. The shooting stars behind were quickly catching up with the ones in front. They were all Star level 9 spirit readers on spirit weapons, much faster than Luo Feng’s group! Among Luo Feng’s group, only the Star level 9 Ao Gu could compare to them, and he was busy carrying both Hong and Thunder God.

“Not good.”

“They are catching up.” Thunder God’s expression changed.

“Master, quickly flee.” Ao Gu’s old face was filled with fear.

Luo Feng glanced back.

The beams of lights were catching up to them with terrifying speeds, almost instantly closing the distance to less than 1 km.

“What do we do?” Thunder God and Hong’s expressions were worried.

Tie Nan He and Ao Gu, the two Star level 9 slaves were worried too.

“There are 1,000 Star level 9 explorers behind.” Luo Feng looked down at his arm screen, his heart getting colder, that 1,000 beams of lights were quickly closing in on them, he watched as they were about to be swallowed.

“Master!!!”

Ao Gu and Tie Nan He looked worriedly at Luo Feng, Thunder God and Hong as they rushed hurriedly.

Luo Feng was in a mess within, since entering the World of Thunder, world within a world, even though their team had met with danger time and again, they had never been so close to this entirely overwhelming situation before. An entire 1,000 man Star level 9 army, if they all attacked together with their weapons, it would be over instantly.

Unless.

Should he use the Golden Horned Beast?

However they were not too far from the allied army base, the moment it appeared, it would be revealed to everybody! And the moment the existence of a Golden Horned Beast was known…many Undying Beings would arrive on Cang Lan Star, taking away Luo Feng the Golden Horned Beast, making him into a slave.

Beast taming, slave soul imprints etc, within the vast universe, it wasn’t just the Yun Mo Master that knew these techniques!

When that time came, Luo Feng…was destined to become someone’s slave.

“Kill them!” The captain ordered.

“Yes!” A few hundred voices resounded from behind.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Covering both the land and the skies, it was a blur with large amount of spirit weapons flying about, almost as though rain was pouring down on Luo Feng’s group, at that time, Hong, Thunder God, Tie Nan He and Ao Gu were in despair.

“Come out!” Luo Feng stared straight at the large amount of blades.

Rumble!

A large object appeared before the five of them, one could only hear a crash sound, the large object didn’t move at all. This was a disc shaped universe ship that was about 100m in diameter, entirely black, C9 grade. A Universe level 5 or 6 would find it hard to damage this ship.

In the universe, one never knew when they would use a ship.

Even though there was a ship at the Cang Lan Star docking bay, however with the money from the first account from his teacher, it was easy for Luo Feng to purchase a few other universe ships.

“Ship!”

“He actually brought a ship! He must have a storage item that’s over 100m wide!”

“Quickly, kill them.”

The hundreds of Star level 9 spirit readers, after their first wave of attack had failed, they immediately gathered their energies and immediately circled their weapons, as quick as lightning going around the universe ship and headed straight for Luo Feng’s group.

“Master, quickly!”

“Quickly flee.”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God swiftly rushed towards the entrance of the ship, luckily when Luo Feng took out the ship, the entrance was faced right at them. However, their flying speed was far lower than the spirit weapons! Luckily they weren’t too far from it.

Quickly!”

“Quickly!” Hong and Thunder God’s eyes were flushed red.

“Rush in.” Luo Feng’s eyes were also flushed.

Ao Gu and Tie Nan He were the last two behind. Those hundreds of spirit weapons made a huge arc and gathered, raining down from behind. Blocking the weapons first was the Star level 9 fighter Tie Nan He, and behind him was Star level 9 spirit reader Ao Gu.

Rip! Rip! Rip! Rip! Rip! Rip!

Like a rain of arrows, the spirit weapons cut through Tie Nan He instantly, tearing him like paper…against hundreds of the same leveled spirit weapons attacking him at once, even a Battle-axe Star level fighter would lose instantly without a doubt!

“Rumble!”

“Rumble!”

The external entrance door and the gate within closed.

Shutting out the external world completely.

Sou!

The universe ship violently accelerated, leaving the group of Star level 9 explorers far behind, swiftly disappearing without a trace.

……

The blurred silhouettes of the 1,000 man army floating in mid air all looked as the ship left their sights, helpless.

“1,000 people killing five, and they escaped?” The captain whose face was covered with a beard raged, “How am I to answer to the ninth prince like this?”

“Captain, you can’t blame us, who knew he had a universe ship!”

“Right, a universe ship is at least about 100m. Amongst the five of them, there was one that actually had a storage space that huge, it’s unbelievable.”

“Right.”

The captain nodded, “That big a storage space, it is indeed unbelievable.”

The universe ship was swiftly leaving the center region, its speed was at least a hundred to thousand times that of their flying speeds.

Within the ship.

“Quickly Ao Gu, absorb the life energy within the Mu Ya crystal.” Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were anxiously surrounding Ao Gu, the alloy armor on him long gone, his lower body below his chest were in shreds, only above it was ok.

The earlier attack of hundreds of spirit weapons earlier.

The one right in front of them, Tie Nan He was instantly shredded to pieces, no piece of him was left. And Ao Gu who was behind Tie Nan He relied on the hybrid copper essence and barely protected his head. As for below his chest, it was attacked by weapon after weapon, slicing it into pieces.

“Hu hu…” Threads of life energy seeped into Ao Gu’s body.

Ao Gu gradually recovered.

“Bastards!” Luo Feng reacted, rage boiling within his chest, “Babata, whose people were they?”

“All of the allied army’s people’s appearances and information is recorded, these 1,000 people are underlings of the ninth prince Brolin.” Babata said, back when Luo Feng first entered the allied army, when he was resting within, Babata naturally recorded the basic information of everyone within the allied army.

For example, odors, appearances, strength etc.

“Brolin?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, raging even more within, “Why would he try and kill me, I have no grudge with him.”

“It’s probably due to the treasures.” Babata said.

“How would he know I exchanged for treasures, there are people frequently going into the thunder castle.” Luo Feng was feeling incredibly terrible, especially since his two bodyguards, Tie Nan He had died and Ao Gu also almost died.

Man wasn’t like plants or trees, he had feelings.

Even though they were slaves that he had bought, the voices of them shouting, “Master, quickly flee!” still resounded within his mind and ears, when danger and crisis struck, both of them used their lives to protect him.

“Brolin, Brolin!!!” Luo Feng raged uneasily within.

It was painful!

“Luo Feng, don’t dwell on it for now. Even though you didn’t use the Golden Horned Beast, you still used a universe ship, it’s still big trouble.” Babata said, “A storage item over a 100m wide is incredibly valuable. Back when I gave it to you, I told you never to reveal it. This is because these are a special grade of storage items, only a few Domain Lords have them. And after that battle before, Brolin will definitely keep an eye on you now. Now that he’s looking out for you, you’ll have trouble.”

“Watching me? I’m watching him!” Luo Feng roared.


Chapter 353: A Dog with its Tail between its Legs

Brolin?” Luo Feng clenched his fists, his knuckles pale, cracking sounds coming from them. His eyes filled with killing intent, raging from within.

“Third brother, are you alright?” Hong who was beside him asked shocked.

Taking a deep breath, heavily suppressing his rage.

“No problem.” Luo Feng shook his head.

No one else knew, but Luo Feng was very clear that after becoming the Golden Horned Beast, he was affected by its characteristics! Back when he massacred in the Killing Fields, he felt a huge sense of relief, however since he relieved himself through that madness, the killing intent within his bones only grew stronger.

Just like a strong addictive poison, when he couldn’t bear it anymore he would take the poison again and relieve it, however the addiction would only get stronger.

One theory was that Luo Feng was now addicted to killing. And the Golden Horned Beast, as the leading bloodline of the twelve species of space beasts, with its strong offensive characteristics, its cold savageness and brutality was purely from its bones and soul, no one had ever heard of a kind and gentle Golden Horned Beast.

“Third brother?” Thunder God also walked over.

“I’m fine.” Luo Feng squatted down beside the heavily injured Ao Gu, his dark red hair was in a mess, his face still pale from the injuries, this made Luo Feng bite down on his lips.

Luo Feng looked up at his two older brothers, Hong and Thunder God were both old enough to be his grandfathers, of course they naturally cared about the youngest, peerlessly talented third brother.

“First and second brother, relax, I won’t let my rage take control.” Luo Feng said.

“Phew, that’s good.” Thunder God nodded, “We cannot forget this grudge, but we have to remain calm! Just like when your big brother and I experienced the Great Nirvana period before, many humans died and cities were destroyed by the attacks of the beasts. However enraged we became, we still had to bear with it!”

“Compared to that, this little grudge really doesn’t mean much, when we get the chance, we’ll kill him.” Thunder God said casually.

Hong nodded too.

In terms of experience, Hong and Thunder God were indeed much more experienced than Luo Feng.

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded, “Also, those people were sent by the ninth prince Brolin! Compared to him, we have no resistance at all.”

“Brolin?” Hong and Thunder God were both taken aback.

“Right.” Luo Feng nodded, “During the time we wandered around the allied army before, I recorded everybody’s data and appearances with the surveillance device. Those are the underlings of Brolin.”

“That’s troublesome.” Thunder God shook his head.

“This grudge will be hard to repay.” Hong shook his head, “We’ll have to bear with it for a long time.”

Luo Feng was clear too.

Brolin, that level of status, in the vast Black Dragon Mountain star field, was definitely considered one of the upper echelons.

“Nan He’s death, we cannot just let it go too.” Thunder God sneered, “I don’t believe the other powers will just watch as Brolin takes control! Afterall from the 2 million army, that Brolin only controls a little more than 220,000. When the battles really begin, we’ll get him at the crucial time!”

Hong too smiled.

“That’ll have to wait until the cloud contact vine evolves too.” Luo Feng said.

……

The Universe ship constantly distanced itself further from the central region, swiftly flying towards the outer rims.

Along the way.

The news of the appearance of a universe ship in the world within a world was spread as much as possible.

In the outer rims of the world within a world, in the vast uneven mountain range, a universe ship appeared in mid air before vanishing again.

In a dark cave within the mountain range.

“First and second brother, you two help look after Ao Gu.” Luo Feng said.

“Ok.” Hong nodded.

“Relax.” Thunder God smiled.

“Master, I’m fine.” Ao Gu shouted, he had recovered quite a bit from before.

Luo Feng glanced at him, smiling as he swiftly flew out of the cave, a few kilometers away. The vegetation and trees on the mountain range had grown for ten million years, it was thick and lush.

Dressed in alloy armor, Luo Feng stood on the soil ground, his eyes sharp like knives as he surveyed his surroundings.

“Cloud.”

Luo Feng transmitted his thoughts.

“Howl!” The cloud contact vine happily replied, Luo Feng opened both his hands and immediately vines madly extended out, piercing in all directions…with Luo Feng as the venter, the vines were close to 1m thick with lengths that couldn’t be seen from end to end, almost like super large snakes that covered both the land and skies were moving about.

Simultaneously, those thick and long vines extended smaller vines and even leaves.

It covered the land and skies!

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi!

The large number of vines and roots dug straight into the soil, almost like piercing through tofu, swiftly extending deep underground.

……

Every vine grew to 30,000m, which was 30km! A total of 36 vines that were 30 km long, on them were large amounts of smaller vines and leaves, along with lush amounts of roots and networks, in the blink of an eye, the entire mountain region and its surroundings was totally covered with the cloud contact vine’s vines and roots.

The cloud contact vine’s core, was Luo Feng, who was dressed in his alloy armor.

“Right now is the most crucial time.” Luo Feng took a deep breath, a large leaf shook in front of him.

With a flip of his hand, that almost translucent stone box appeared. He stared at the colors vaguely shimmering from the box, taking a deep breath before opening it.

Pa!

The moment the box was opened, he shook his hand and the thick aromatic life fruit immediately flew up and headed straight for the huge leaf. The leaf fiercely extended upwards, almost like a large mouth, immediately swallowing the life fruit whole.

Chi chi…

The huge leaf swiftly retracted and went underground.

“Such a pity.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind, One life fruit, something even Sector Lords treasure so much. If used to exchange for Universe slaves, we could even exchange for a whole bunch of of them! And right now it’s given to a cloud contact vine, it is such a pity.”

“Ten birds in the forest cannot compare to one in hand. Babata, this is what you told me.”

“I know what to do, but it is still a pity. It’s a waste of a treasure.” Babata sighed.

Luo Feng was fully concentrated on the cloud contact vine, “Babata, how long do we have to wait?”

“Why don’t you look for yourself?” Babata said indifferently.

Immediately, Luo Feng looked at his the screen that was projected from his arm, the thick vines began to emit shining green lights that revolved about, and the body itself was almost like a heart, pulsing and expanding and contracting constantly, however every time it expanded after contracting, it seemed like it would grow by quite a bit.

World within a world, central region.

Allied army, Black Dragon Mountain sacred land center, within a large tent.

“Peng!”

The tea cup flew as fast as lightning, violently smashing against the floor and bursting apart with its pieces shattering in all directions, hitting the sides of the tent.

Bastards, bastards, bastards, a bunch of bastards.” Brolin stood in the large tent, raging as he roared, “I told them to increase their speeds and they grow overconfident. Now? I’ve only got two of the three pass codes. Just that one passcode…without that, there’s no way to get the inheritance crystal ball!”

“Stupid, a bunch of idiots.”

“Useless!!!”

Brolin cursed madly, without any of his former composure, losing all sense of self.

One couldn’t blame him, he was from the Black Dragon Mountain sacred land, and before his grandfather and other elders, he said he would definitely get the inheritance crystal ball and give it to his grandfather. The ninth prince Brolin was very clear, in terms of position and status among the other princes, he was special only because his mother’s lineage was strong!

With his grandfather’s blessings, he definitely had to work hard to get the inheritance crystal ball to him.

However, who would have thought that when he went to exchange for the second passcode earlier, the living AI, the white bearded old man would exclaim and say, “Little punk, your luck is good. There’s only one passcode left of the three, if you were a little later, you wouldn’t have been able to get this second passcode anymore.”

“Good luck my ass!”

“Good luck my ass.” Brolin’s expression was pained.

Indeed.

Only with the complete three passcodes would one be able to acquire the inheritance crystal ball. Without the other number, the two pass codes he had were useless.

“Puff, puff.” Bu Luo Lin’s breathing was heavy, his gaze swept past the two bodyguards before him.

The two bodyguards were both on one knee kneeling, not daring to make a sound.

“Your majesty, “A silhouette ran in from outside, it was one of Brolin’s bodyguards Camelot.

“Hm?” Brolin coldly stared at him.

The bodyguard Camelot was shocked, kneeling down and saying respectfully, “Your majesty, earlier we sent a 1000 man team to chase and kill that five man team, however…we didn’t expect them to actually bring a universe ship along with them.”

“What, a universe ship?” Bu Luo Lin creased his eyebrows.

“Right, a universe ship.” Camelot said, “The enemy took out a universe ship and escaped.”

The two bodyguards kneeling beside glanced at each other, beyond shocked. There was actually someone who brought a universe ship into the world within a world…that was too unbelievable.

“Forging a storage space item requires cutting up a space in the universe to make the item.” Brolin creased his eyebrows, thinking within, “The bigger the space, the harder the actual process of slicing up the space. To be able to store something as huge as a universe ship, this level of storage space item…it’s said that only the Undying Beings can create something like that.”

“Every one of them is priced extremely high.” Brolin was suspicious, “And that five man team actually brought a universe ship in.”

Brolin was very suspicious.

This was because with his status as the ninth prince, the last item his grandfather actually got for him was a storage ring, and that could barely fit a universe ship in. Back then his grandfather even very carefully explained the details of such a high level storage item and its price and worth.

“They may have gotten lucky, picking it up from some warrior along the way.” Brolin didn’t overthink it.

“Give the order, pass the information of these five to the seven large teams, if anyone discovers them, kill them.” Brolin ordered, at the same time his eyes gleaming with severity, “These five are a small matter, most important thing now is to find out who managed to get the last passcode!”


Chapter 354: Universe Level

“Yes your majesty!”

The three bodyguards knelt down respectfully.

“My speed was definitely sufficient, I didn’t expect some other party to acquire 10 million Thunder Stones within that short time too.” Brolin sat in his chair, his long pale fingers tapped on on the arms of the chair, suddenly his eyes gleamed, ordering, “Give the order, let the 1st, 2nd and 6th team swiftly draw close to the center region, station themselves about 10,000km around the center region.”

“Yes.”

The three complied, swiftly leaving the tent.

Only Brolin was left in the tent.

He sat in the chair pondering, as for Luo Feng and his team of 5, Brolin didn’t even bother to think twice…in the vast empire of the black dragon mountain empire territory, there were many examples of people getting lucky and acquiring treasures, what’s more within this black dragon empire region, he even dared to kill the elites from the other groups.

There wasn’t anyone he couldn’t trifle with!

If Luo Feng and his team truly had a large background, the word from an absolute fighter would have come down already. To the 9th prince who was so high above others, those five weren’t a match at all.

“Vicious, someone actually had the gall to take the inheritance crystal ball passcode from under me.” Brolin muttered, “Is it the Holy Sea of Frost? Three Axe Mountain? Hundred Tiger Building? Black Cloud Guild? North Dragon Castle?” Even the families were a probability, Brolin wasn’t sure at all just who had taken that last passcode.

About 10,000km from the center region, the grass fields had many explorers gathering.

Many had prepared their tents, these tents’ materials were similar to the alloy armors, incredibly sturdy.

In one of the larger tents.

A tall and sturdy, about 3m tall black gorilla man sat within, his strong pectorals forced the armor on his body to slightly protrude, his head was almost totally similar to that of a black gorilla, his bulging eyes with a sense of madness. The apeman race was a large race within the universe.

The apeman could be specifically divided into over a hundred races, many of which were brave and valiant soldiers.

And him, Chakra, was one of the previous absolute warriors of the Three Axe Mountain underlings, sector lord Tian Chen, a star level 9 warrior. Initially, he was simply one of the countless star level 9 cannon fodder, however now…

“Chuckle, chuckle…” A weird sound resounded from Chakra’s throat, his eyes filled with excitement.

“I never expected to be able to break through.”

“Hahaha, this world within a world is indeed my lucky place, the lady of luck has chosen to shine down on me Chakra.” Chakra was extremely excited.

Yes!

He was excited, incomparably excited.

That was because he had broken through from the star level 9 to the universe level 1!

Back when I was drafted from Wei Ke star, I had made a vow to definitely become the greatest warrior. All this, is really happening, it’s happening!” Chakra couldn’t forget his 3000 year life.

He was forcefully taken from his home ground Wei Ke star.

Going through training, sold, transferred again, finally becoming one of the soldiers under the sector lord Jiang Tian Chen, finally reaching star level 9 through hard training, just one of many elite soldiers. A long tedious 3000 year struggle, he was very clear…if he didn’t reach the universe level, he would always remain one of the small fries!

Star level 9 and universe level!

It was just a step difference, however that step was akin to the distance between heaven and earth.

“I just broke through and became a universe level and I’ve already become the Main captain of the large team by the Sector lord, and the original captain has become my assistant. What’s more the lord has even given me 30 life planets as my territory. Haha…I definitely have to acquire 3000, no, 30,000 women and produce a lot of children.” The apeman Chakra thought excitedly within.

“Lord.”

Two voices resounded from outside.

“Enter.” Chakra said indifferently.

Two silhouettes entered, these two, one was a star level 2 while the other was star level 3. They were the two leading members under another sector lord from the Three Axe Mountain.

Each leaders of their own teams, however they were usually only star level 2 or 3. That was because they were elites, geniuses!

Ironically, the large group of star level 9s were only cannon fodder, that was because the hope of the cannon fodder breaking through to the universe level wasn’t large.

“Didn’t expect a stupid apeman to break through to the universe level.”

“This kind of luck, it’s simply a step to heaven.”

The two youths thought within.

“Lord.” The two slight bowed, one of the youths smiled, “Lord Chakra, I wonder if you’ve acquired the passcode already?”

“One of the inheritance passcodes, I’ve already acquired and transferred it via the virtual universe, telling the noble sector lord.” Chakra’s voice was bright and clear, however there was a genetic barrier around the entire tent, preventing any sound from escaping.

“Lord Chakra is indeed formidable.” The 2 complimented.

“Right.”

Apeman Chakra nodded, his black nose snorted out warm air, “The two of your armies should have gathered already right.”

“Yes Lord.” The 2 bowed.

“Very well.” The apeman Chakra praised, his eyes gleaming, his aura surging out from his body, causing the 2 youths to feel pressure, as though the end of the world was nigh.

“Hm?” The apeman Chakra suddenly creased his eyebrows.

“You two can go.” Chakra waved his hand.

“Yes.”

The two youths bowed and left.

Normally, star level 9s were their bodyguards, however this cannon fodder apeman actually broke through to the universe level, one had to know that out of the elites and geniuses, even amongst them the chances of breaking through to the universe level was extremely low. In terms of position, they were far below that of this universe level warrior Chakra.

If they didn’t break through, they would become bodyguards and cannon fodder.

The moment they broke through, they would immediately own planets and territories, becoming huge figures.

……

World within a world, there were a total of close to 2 million star level 9s! And even if 10 galaxies of star level 9s combined together, there was hardly 2 million star level 9s! And these star level 9s, were all elites picked by the sector lords, domain lords and other strong figures.

With sufficient time…

Out of the 2 million star level 9s, 6 or 7 universe levels breaking through were possible. However that required sufficient time! Hence in these sort of life or death situations, 1 universe level breaking through out of the 2 million star level 9 army was indeed normal.

How much treasure the 9th prince Brolin exchanged for was a secret!

Even the fact that the underling from the Three Axe Mountain, Chakra, becoming a universe level, was a secret!

And at that time…

Luo Feng’s cloud contact vine evolving, was also a secret!

……

World within a world, outer rims, the vast continuous mountain region.

Luo Feng stood within the vegetation, lowering his head to look at his arm screen, on it displayed blood red vines that were evolving at a rapid rate, almost like boiling water, the vines had already seemed to have become much thicker and stronger, with green leaves popping out from them only to be re absorbed and disappear. Occasionally, there were several protrusions that simply exploded just like bubbles.

“Chi chi…”

A large amount of vines and thinner vines were madly waving about.

Even though it was evolving underground, Luo Feng could still feel the earth shake through it’s violent movements.

“3rd brother.”

“3rd brother.”

3 human silhouettes ran over from far, it was Hong, Thunder God and Ao Gu, who was already capable of walking.

3rd, it’s been over 2 hours, is it not done yet?” Thunder God ran over.

“Right.” Luo Feng nodded, “Take a look.”

Following which, Luo Feng extended his arm and the screen displayed the scene of the vines evolving, as the cloud contact vine was simply too huge, it was also why Babata could only display a segment of it at a time, naturally the only segment being displayed was its core body part, the center.

“Peculiar indeed.” Thunder God stared wide eyed.

“Is it shedding?” Hong stared wide eyed, curious.

Luo Feng stared too, at the time, the thick vines were undergoing rapid change, with the vines constantly shedding large layers of broken skin, revealing fresher vines within, but with its rapid twisting and movement, it would once again shed and the vines gradually got thicker and longer.

Almost as though a tree seed growing into a large tree, but condensed into 2 to 3 hours.

“After eating the life fruit, evolution that would normally take many years is happening within a short time.” Luo Feng said, “Hence, it’s normal for it to be peculiar.”

“Just how big is this cloud contact vine now?” Thunder God asked.

“The scan is unable to check its entire body, however, through deduction, right now the vine, one vine’s length can already reach about 210 km.” Luo Feng said.

“210km?” Thunder God and Hong were shocked.

Just how long was 210km? The highways on earth, some of the shorter ones were only that length, and just one vine from this was that long?

“And right now the cloud contact vine has a total of 72 main vines.” Luo Feng said.

Thunder God and Hong imagined, 72 main vines that were 210km long, all wrapped around protecting Luo Feng…that was crazy. Compared to his cloud contact vine, even the golden horned beast from back then was smaller by quite a bit.

Luo Feng continued to stare hard at the screen.

The evolution persisted.

Time passed by the minutes and seconds, Hong and Thunder God too didn’t ask anymore, just patiently waiting…The vine on the screen gave off a feeling of immense and unlimited power, the original blood red color of the vines before became even thicker, into an even darker red!

“Howl!” A thought filled with immense elation and devotion transmitted to Luo Feng’s mind.

“The evolution is a success.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Sousousousousousousou….

Deep underground, the 72 long vines that had reached 300km each swiftly retracted, as for their thin vines and leaves, they too quickly disappeared. Simultaneously while the vines retracted, the cloud contact vine headed towards the surface, causing the ground below Luo feng to tremor, as though an enormous object was about to break through.

“Rumble…”

After shrinking a hundred times from it’s original size, the cloud contact vine broke through the surface, still huge as ever!

72 vines shrunk to 3 km each, about 30cm thick, dark red long vines that danced in the night, simultaneously, the incomparably thick and huge vines wrapped around Luo Feng, shrinking rapidly! Within the blink of an eye, the cloud contact vine that originally covered the lands and skies had swiftly shrunk onto Luo Feng’s body and became small and adorable.

It’s core root entered Luo Feng’s skin.

72 little vines as thick as thumb continued to disperse over a 100m area, dancing about, forming a dark red armor, helmet and boots on Luo Feng’s body! Even Luo Feng’s fingers were covered, like gloves.

Luo Feng could feel the strength of the cloud contact armor on him.

Even if he didn’t use much strength, with a punch, just the explosive power of the cloud contact vine was enough to lay waste to a 100km of earth, rippling over a 1,000km further. This level of strength…was even stronger than when Luo Feng used the natural strengthening ability of the Golden horned beast at star level 9!


Chapter 355: The Cloud Contact Vine’s Power

“Third brother.” Thunder God cleared his throat, staring at the cloud contact armor on Luo Feng, “Just how strong is this vine now?”

Hong also stared at Luo Feng’s cloud contact armor, obviously the huge aura of the vine contracting had completely stunned him.

“I’m not too clear myself.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Cloud contact vine.” Luo Feng’s thoughts moved, immediately a 2m long vine appeared from Luo Feng’s body, landing on the ground beside him. “Babata, take a scan of this vine.” Luo Feng communicated mentally to Babata. The cloud contact vine, as a very special plant life form, was hard to scan for its power level.

Usually for humans, scanning their powers with quantum computers or AIs was simple. For beasts, space beasts, etc, these were simple too. Humans and beasts all belonged to the flesh and blood type of living creatures.

Plant life however were unlike the humans having miniature planets within, hence, testing was hard.

Especially like the cloud contact vine, the moment it shrank and entered a human’s skin…like before when people looked at Luo Feng and tested his strength, they’d only be able to test Luo Feng’s strength, no one was able to test the cloud contact vine’s strength. This was because the vine was a special life form altogether.

Testing the vine’s strength?

That would require the vine to leave it’s host and make it release its aura alone.

“Tsk tsk, not bad at all.” Babata seemed shocked.

“How much?” Luo Feng asked mentally.

“The cloud contact vine’s level is…Universe level 2!” Babata said, “The cloud contact vine is a very strong and durable life form, at the same level and grade, 99.99% of humans aren’t a match against one. Yours was cultivated and nurtured well, when it reached the Universe level, it developed seventy two main vines and every one of them is akin to a Universe level 2 human fighter, with the combined forces of the seventy two vines…along with its shocking cell strength! Cutting off a vine and being able to quickly regenerate, Universe level 3 humans aren’t even a match.”

A Universe level 2 cloud contact vine was much weaker than the same level and grade Golden Horned Beast. The Golden Horned Beast at Star level 7 was already capable of easily killing Star level 9 humans.

The cloud contact vine, relying on its cell strength, seventy two main vines, could still put up a fight against Universe level 4 humans.

……

After a while, Luo Feng and his group called out the universe ship, placing it deep within a river in the mountain region.

Universe ship, control room.

Dressed in alloy armor, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God stood at the control board, looking ahead at the virtual screen before them. Ao Gu was still within the cabin resting.

“The biggest scan of the world within a world.” Luo Feng ordered. “Yes master,” the ship’s AI replied respectfully. This ship was considered stock. Babata hadn’t made any adjustments to it, hence the ship’s AI… was still the stock AI provided when they were building the ship.

Du!

The screen before them immediately displayed the huge scene of the world within a world.

“Luo Feng, just how wide is this ship’s scanning area?” Thunder God asked.

“With the ship as the center, 100,000km.” Luo Feng smiled.

“That’s quite a wide area.” Hong nodded.

Universe ships all came with their own scanning equipment, if any universe explorer ship was to arrive on a planet, it could definitely in a short amount of time scan the approximate condition of the entire planet. However these scanning equipment were primitive, it could only give an estimate of the population, whether there were any shocking amounts of energy or abnormalities etc.

As for the planet’s minerals, accurate population and strength etc, it couldn’t detect.

These scans emphasized the area and size.

And Babata’s scanning equipment, even though it only had a 20 km area, however it could scan the planet’s mineral construct, human strengths, armor grades, materials, the human’s mental aptitudes, etc. All in very specific details.

“Master, there are 32,169 humans in this area.” The ship’s AI reported.

“32,169 of them?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, “Separated into how many teams?”

“One team has 16, 300 humans, another has 10,000, another has 5862, and one team has 7.” The ship’s AI reported respectfully.

At the same time, the virtual screen swiftly split into four scenes, each displaying the four teams, and the seven man team was currently being chased…by the largest team of 16,300 explorers, split into three groups to chase them.

“It’s over, these seven cannot escape.” Thunder God stared.

“They cannot escape, they’ve been surrounded.” Hong said.

Luo Feng sighed.

In this world within a world, it was hard for such little teams to survive.

“The first target will be this 16,300 man team.” Luo Feng said.

“Hm?” Thunder God looked shocked as he turned around.

“You have guarantee?” Hong asked suspiciously.

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

In the vast grass fields.

A team of seven was currently surrounded by many other explorers.

“We surrender.”

“We surrender, don’t kill us, we have thunderstones, we are willing to give our thunderstones.”

The seven man team shouted loudly, their faces filled with fear, that was because in all directions, they were surrounded by three large teams, each with up to 1,000 and even 3,000 people, how could they escape?

“Haha, surrender?”

“Why should we accept your surrender?”

The three teams were far away before, however in the blink of an eye they closed a few tens of kilometers, forcing the seven man team in the center into a corner. The three teams, one with 3,000 people laughed as they looked at the small team, this was because they had full guarantee of their victory, hence they didn’t rush to kill them.

“Haha, after killing you all, we’ll still be able to get your thunderstones.” A strong looking man with black stripes on his face laughed loudly.

The people in the seven man team’s faces went pale.

“Weren’t you gathering us before?” The captain of the small team, a handsome man with golden gleaming hair shouted loudly, “you said before as long as we were willing to join you all and help you collect thunderstones, with your organization’s name at stake, you would guarantee our safety,:

“Haha, stupid. That’s at the allied army base. At the base, it is forbidden to kill. Hence we gathered you.”

“And at the other places in this world within a world, we can kill you directly. Everything of yours belongs to us, including the universe crystals.”

“Poor fools, you’ve been too greedy!”

The 3,000 man team surrounded the little team of seven.

The seven man team was completely devastated.

“Captain.” The other six looked at the golden haired man, he could only shake his head painfully, raising it up, “I’m begging you, I’ll give you our universe crystals, thunderstones, just spare our lives.”

“Still dreaming?”

“So stupid.”

“Poor fools.” The 3,000 man team laughed.

“Stop playing around, kill them.” A bald man with a face full of scales shouted.

“Yes.”

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

In the despairing looks of the seven man team, a rain of spirit weapons shot over, immediately tearing them to shreds! And following which, the three teams surrounded the corpses, one member swiftly flew over and took all their treasures.

“Captain.” The member gave the storage rings to the bald scaled man.

“Yes.” The bald man nodded, “Let’s return.”

Among the vast teams, the bald man was just about to check what treasures they got from the storage rings when suddenly…

As quick as lightning!

Little vines suddenly broke through the soil below, swiftly binding the bald man’s legs and violently dragging him underground!

Crash!

A large hole immediately appeared in the ground and the bald scale man vanished.

Two other vice captains beside him who initially had smiling faces and were carefree suddenly turned to realize, the captain that was standing beside them had suddenly vanished and there was a hole in the ground.

Hole?

The two vice captains stared wide eyed at the hole.

“Captain!”

“What’s going on?”

“Where’s the captain?” The 2 vice captains and surrounding members were all stunned, under their watch, someone was actually stolen away.

“The captain is below, no life force, he’s dead.” A spirit reader member shouted, “12m underground.”

Immediately a group of Star level 9 explorers began digging underground, very quickly finding their captain’s body, bringing it back up to the surface.

“This…”

“My god…”

The two vice captains and surrounding members all looked shocked at the dead body, his head was burst open, beyond death. The most shocking thing was…one of his fingers was broken off, and it was the one wearing the storage ring!

“Quickly inform the main captain. The captain has been killed and the storage ring has been taken!”

……

And deep underground.

A long thin vine swiftly retracted, on it was a leaf, wrapped around the broken finger and storage ring. The vine was even wearing a bracelet, the bracelet that Babata was stored in.

Babata let out his scanning radius, swiftly connecting to the universe ship’s 100,000 km area signal.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng.”

“Received, received.” Luo Feng stood within the universe ship.

“Three main vines separately killing the three captains of the teams. Success.”

“Very good. Continue dealing with that huge team.” Luo Feng said.

“Ok. However…that large team may very likely have detailed scanning equipment. That’s what they use to scan for the thunderstones, those might discover the cloud contact vine.” Babata said, “If I discover any of these equipment and their signal, I’ll stop the hunt.”

“Alright, this hunt, the priority is to not let the other teams discover the cloud contact vine. Guarantee its secrecy.” Luo Feng said.

“Alright, then I’ll continue.” Babata disconnected the call.

This hunt…

Relied heavily on the cloud contact vine with its piercing through the ground, and with Babata instructing it around. With his scanning area and level, it was naturally incomparably clear. With the cloud contact vine’s strength, they truly had no fear of any team.


Chapter 356: A Month and a Half of Slaughter

The cloud contact vine’s large physical structure along with it’s strong cell regeneration, even if it got hit by a laser or rail gun, having a part of it destroyed, it could still regenerate. Hence in the world within a world, a Universe level 2 cloud contact vine was truly invincible.

……

About 10,000km away from the 16,300 man team, a universe ship parked on a grassy field.

Within the ship’s control room.

A long vine entered the cabin, extending to the control room.

“Cloud vine.” Luo Feng affectionately rubbed the cloud contact vine.

“We’ve successfully killed nine captains, acquiring twelve storage items.” A voice resounded within, simultaneously, that long vine curled up and rested within the allied army.

“Tell me the exact details of the situation!” Brolin’s voice was cold.

“The fourth large team, under your instructions were stationed at the swamp area. They were prepared to attack and rob other teams. However tonight, just before! There were three strong teams that attacked and surrounded the fourth large team. These three teams also had laser guns, and their strength was very much in an advantageous situation. That plus the fourth team didn’t have enough time to react…they were defeated in an instant.”

“The fourth large team lost one third of their troops, with the rest dispersing and fleeing.”

“During the escape, they were discovered by other teams and chased and killed. This resulted in less than 10,000 survivors in the team.” The bodyguard said, “Right now the remaining lucky survivors are swiftly rushing towards the central region.”

Brolin went silent for quite awhile.

“Surrounding the fourth large team with three teams, just how many were there?” Brolin asked.

“At least 60,000 people!” The bodyguard said.

“You can leave first.” Brolin waved his hand.

The bodyguard left.

Only Brolin was left in the large tent, he squinted his eyes and pondered, muttering: “60,000 people? The thunderstones in this world within a world have almost been dug clean. The battles have begun even faster than what I predicted! What’s more, in the blink of an eye, there is a 60,000 combined forces team…looks like the other sides aren’t stupid.”

Brolin controlled over 220,000 people, while if the other sides had lesser people, that would have been too advantageous for Brolin.

One had to know, each of the other large teams all had Sector Lords behind them!

Powerful Sector Lords, some friends while others in the same organizations. At crucial times like these, ordering their teams below them to team up was a very normal thing to do.

“Have the battles begun?” Brolin licked his lips, eyes filled with madness, “bring it on!”

……

Virtual Universe, Black Dragon Mountain Island.

In a two level quiet villa, the Apeman Chakra sat in a chair, two screens appeared before him, both with people in them.

“Lord Chakra, that was really thrilling, Brolin’s underlings were instantly defeated and they lost a good half of that team.”

“I believe that Brolin must be raging.”

The two people on the screen spoke.

The Apeman Chakra laughed carefree, “you two, that was only our first attack! That Brolin may command a lot more troops than us, but with this loss, he’ll be more cautious. However after showing off before, with every side taking him as an enemy, he won’t have any good days to live!”

“Right, just one prince, daring to pick a fight with us! We have to teach him a good lesson this time, let him know…we aren’t ones to be trifled with.”

“You two have to be careful too, that Brolin won’t just let this incident go.”

……

War, that was how it began suddenly!

During the digging for thunderstones period before, a few enormous teams (10,000 or above), exercised control and avoided battle. However, since the three teams allied and attacked Brolin’s fourth large team, the entire world within a world immediately boiled over and war erupted. Whether it was the large powers or individual explorers, or even the large teams combining forces! Even allied armies of over 10,000 troops were formed, large battles erupted in the world within a world.

“Genetic long distance attack!”

Rumble…

Colorful glaring beams of genetic energy, over 10,000 of them, came from one side of the army, breaking through the skies and headed towards another.

Star level 9 genetic energy, leaving the bodies and attacking!

With over 10,000 beams of them combined, the power wasn’t any less than a C2 or C3 laser cannon.

“Second team.”

Pu! Pu! Pu!…

Spirit weapons gathered together, just like a school of fish, almost as though one person was commanding them all, over 1000 spirit weapons combining forces and attacking one point, following which they arced and attacked another.

……

Elite soldiers!

These Star level 9 warriors, were the largest and most powerful force within the Black Dragon Mountain star field, the elite soldiers of the two sacred lands and four large organizations. In terms of combined and synchronized attacks, they were very well trained.

In a flash, the vast million km of the world within a world was filled with battles all over, blood stained the entire land.

In the swamps.

A universe ship stopped within, and in the control room, Luo Feng and his team of four were within checking on the storage items.

“Haha, acquiring so much in such a short time.” Thunder God laughed loudly.

“When everybody was digging for the stones earlier, all their scanning equipment were on all the time! And now since the dig is over and the battles have begun, these equipment have no use.” Luo Feng smiled, “with their equipment off, the cloud contact vine can make its move on all the head captains.”

90% of the time, within a large team, the treasures were held by the captain.

Hence, Luo Feng’s rewards from killing all the little 1000 man team captains couldn’t even compare to killing one head captain.

“How many thunderstones do we have?” Hong asked.

“We have close to 610,000, from that head captain’s storage ring, and we also acquired the three treasures he exchanged for. These three are close to 800,000 thunderstones in total in price.” Luo Feng smiled, “It’s better to hunt the head captains, it’s more worth it.”

……

In the world within a world, the 2 million man army was engaged in intense slaughter.

With many devious plans and ploys around, the teams could still maintain contact secretly due to the Virtual Universe Network.

It was troubled times!

And the Sector Lords behind those teams definitely couldn’t just give up the treasures! Even if they lost a 10,000 strong team, as long as they could still acquire just one treasure, it was worth it! That was because with the Sector Lords’ orders…these battles became a bloodbath! Star level 9 fighters, spirit readers, they were truly cannon fodder.

……

And in the process, Babata’s coordination with the cloud contact vine worked with their sneak attacks.

When they first began, the teams in the world within a world were still oblivious, after all the communication between teams was sparse. However with the head captains dying numbers increasing, one had to know…in the entire world within a world, just how many large teams were there? Every large team had at least 10,000 people.

When their sneak attacks resulted in the death of the sixth head captain…

The Sector Lords controlling gave the orders.

“In the world within a world, there should be a Universe level spirit reader, his spirit weapon is able to penetrate the earth and dig! He used his digging to ambush a head captain. All squads need to be extra careful.” Following the warnings from the Sector Lords, the large teams became extra careful, causing Luo Feng’s hunting efficiency to drop drastically.

……

The battles were bound to end one day.

The battles in the world within a world lasted about a month and a half, from the initial 2 million army, until the last remaining 600,000! One had to know…the 200,000 allied army in the central region didn’t take part in the battles. That meant to say that the real battle between the 1.8 million people resulted in less than 400,000 left.

It was simply tragic!

In the dense forests, a universe ship was parked.

Within the control room.

“It’s ended, the battles have ended.” Luo Feng sighed, rubbing the cloud contact vine beside him, it proudly wiggled its vine body, following which, with a pop, it entered Luo Feng’s skin and formed an armor.

“Even though we only killed six head captains and the teams became extra cautious, our earnings are still not bad.” Thunder God said proudly.

Hong couldn’t help but laugh too.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but rub his finger, the storage ring was assimilated into his skin.

One and a half months! The earnings from this period were indeed huge.

“We have a total of nine treasures and 9.08 million thunderstones!” Luo Feng smiled, looking at Thunder God and Hong, “first and second brother, it’s time we returned to the allied army ground. These thunderstones have to be exchanged there.”


Chapter 357: The Light and Shadow of the Blade

“Right, return to the allied army base!” Hong’s expression was serious.

“Returning there won’t be easy.” Thunder God rubbed his bald head and pondered.

Luo Feng nodded.

Right now with the thunderstones and treasures in hand, they still have to return to exchange for the treasures. The thunderstones by themselves weren’t worth anything…they were only valuable if used to exchange for the treasures! However even though the battle ended, the other powers would still attack the teams with fewer members!

“Our four man team heading towards the allied base isn’t safe at all.” Hong creased his eyebrows. “Those other teams from the big powers, even though they’ve stopped fighting and have all suffered heavy losses, a bad ship still has nails, if they see us, with the one and a half months of mad killing before, they’d definitely act and send a team of a 1,000 to wipe us out.”

Luo Feng’s expression was heavy.

Four man team?

These sorts of little teams, the large teams wouldn’t spare them any mercy.

“Killing is forbidden in the allied base.” Luo Feng emphasized, “However, outside there, there are no restrictions. Hence we have to rush all the way to the allied base, we have to be extra careful not to bump into any of these other teams.”

“Right.”

Hong and Thunder God nodded.

“Let’s first rely on the universe ship.” Luo Feng thought as he said, “We’ll use it till we reach a flat land area, hide it and then sneak into the allied base.”

“I agree.” Hong nodded.

“I suggest leaving at night.” Thunder God suggested.

“Alright, then we’ll depart tonight.” Luo Feng smiled.

……

Even though their moods were good, Luo Feng didn’t dare get over confident or careless.

As the universe ship had scanning equipment, along with it being thousands and tens of thousands of times faster than Star level 9 warriors, it could easily slip past the other explorer teams, allowing them to easily pierce through the skies and arrive at the central region flat lands.

“Right now there’s only about 10,000km to the allied base. We have rely on our flying.” Luo Feng’s thoughts moved, immediately keeping the universe ship within his space ring, at the same time looking at Hong and Thunder god, “First and second brother, earlier the ship scanned the surrounding area, from here to the allied base may only be 10,000km. However, there are quite a few teams stationed in between.”

Hong and Thunder God nodded.

After one and half months of mad killing and massacre, many teams were exhausted, many retreating to the central region to recover. However, if Luo Feng’s team met any along the way…it would be just like sneaking past the mouth of a dragon that could swallow them anytime. For their small team, being discovered meant instant death!

Afterall…

To be able to live till now, experiencing the battles along with life and death, which team didn’t have treasures?

“Depart.” Luo Feng communicated cautiously through spirit energy.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God and Ao Gu followed their planned route, ready to avoid any of the teams stationed on the flat lands and reach the central allied army base.

……

10,000km.

To Luo Feng’s group, it was indeed a very short distance. If they accelerated, even in the world within a world, it wouldn’t require one hour. However they were being extra careful, hence they didn’t dare move too fast…

“19.6 km ahead, there’s a patrolling 1,000 man team. We are still 3,620km away from the base, this team should be some large group’s little team. We’ll detour around them.” Luo Feng glanced at his arm screen and communicated to the three via spirit energy.

Hong, Thunder God and Ao Gu didn’t dare to relax.

They were currently dancing on knives’ edges, the moment they were discovered…there would be big trouble.

“We’ve already went around them, let’s continue to get closer to the allied base.”

“2,110 km away from the allied base.”

“We’ll take a detour ahead, there’s a large team ahead.”

“800km away from the base.”

……

Luo Feng and his team were extremely cautious, under the cover of night, they sneakily flew close to the ground, detouring occasionally and flying fast occasionally, spending close to three hours and finally arriving at the allied base camp.

“That’s great.”

“We’ve finally arrived at the base.”

Luo Feng and his team all revealed expressions of glee, they were on high alert for the past three hours, that was because any of the teams could have sent a group to patrol at any time. One couldn’t blame their cautiousness, after all with the mad killing and battles for one and half months, sneak attacks were common.

Hence there were many patrol teams! Because of this, Luo Feng’s squad didn’t dare to relax at all.

“Phew, we’ve arrived.” Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief.

“Stop!”

The security captain outside the base shouted, behind him was a vast number of people, with over 1,000 people surrounding him, the captain’s gaze swept past Luo Feng’s team.

“We are underlings of Lord Ming Yu from Three Axe mountain.” Luo Feng shouted.

“Right.”

The captain lowered his head and looked at his quantum computer, Lord Ming Yu indeed had these four underlings and their their data.

“Enter.” The captain said coldly.

Luo Feng and his team immediately flew into the allied base, that captain glanced at them, biting down and gritting his teeth: “Three Axe Mountain scum! Hmph, if I didn’t meet you here at the allied base, I’d definitely kill you to avenge my fallen brothers, bastards! Bastards!”

Luo Feng and his team walked into the base, the entire base was filled with rage and killing intent, many teams looked at each other with hate, as though they wanted to eat each other up.

“What’s going on?” Thunder God said softly, “The last time we were here, the explorers from the different teams in here even recognized each other as brothers. However, now, the killing intent and hatred is incredibly prominent.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The whole walk through the allied base, was filled with very few smiling faces, many of the explorers all had icy expressions, their eyes filled with hatred.

“The last time we came here, that security captain outside was still smiling at us and inviting. That captain however just now was cold.” Luo Feng said softly, “Probably after one and half months of massacre, each side lost too many men. These explorer armies probably lost a lot of their friends and brothers, hence this reaction.”

……

When Luo Feng and his team entered the base and headed towards the Three Axe Mountain side, they didn’t know…others had already discovered him.

“It’s those four.”

“They’re one less this time.”

“They actually returned, hurry and report to the Lord, these are the few that his majesty personally picked out.”

“Yes.”

A few silhouettes within the allied army base examined Luo Feng from far, following which some of them swiftly left to look for the prince’s bodyguards to report.

Allied base, sacred land Black Dragon Mountain side, within a large tent.

The ninth prince Brolin sat in a chair, closing his eyes, eyebrows creased, as though troubled by something.

“Your majesty.” A man ran in from outside, kneeling down on one knee.

“Camelot.” Brolin opened his eyes, surveying the kneeling bodyguard.

“Your majesty, our surveillance team has discovered four people! They are the ones you personally asked to kill before, also the ones that escaped in a universe ship, four of the five.” The bodyguard reported. Back then they actually kept watch on Luo Feng’s five man team for half a night before following them out to kill them.

Hence they were very familiar with their appearances and strengths. The moment Luo Feng and his team arrived, they immediately recognized them.

“Hm? Universe ship?” Brolin creased his eyebrows, revealing a smile, “I remember!”

One and half months of massacre with Brolin commanding a large army. This had caused him to use a lot of strength and concentration to battle with the other armies, Luo Feng’s incident was a small matter compared to that.

“Continue to keep watch.” Brolin coldly ordered.

“Yes.”

The bodyguard complied respectfully.

……

Within the Three Axe Mountain faction, whoever was under the Sector Lords or Domain Lords from Three Axe Mountain all gathered here the moment they arrived at the allied base. Luo Feng and his team thus entered the faction.

“Master, the last time we were ordered by the ninth prince to be killed, they’ll definitely recognize us. Our returned this time, they should have discovered us.” Au Go communicated via spirit energy.

“Right.” Luo Feng nodded.

Recognized?

This was long within Luo Feng’s calculations, however even if they were recognized, they’d still have to return to the allied base.

“Even if I don’t exchange for treasures, we still have to safely leave the world within a world, safely exiting the World of Thunder.” Luo Feng said softly, “However, if I haven’t guessed wrong, there should be a team stationed at the exit of the world within a world! The moment any little team exits, they’ll definitely be killed and robbed.”

“Only through following a large team can one exit.” Luo Feng was very clear on this point.

As for Brolin?

There was nothing to be afraid of!

The whole mixing in with the Three Axe Mountain faction and returning to Cang Lan Star, Luo Feng had never thought of acting alone. He would be following the faction and large group. Wherever they went and stationed, he would follow. When they leave the world within a world, he too would naturally leave along with them.

“I don’t believe he would dare make a move when I’m within this faction.” Luo Feng thought secretly, “Maybe in his eyes, he never thought of me as a target.”

“Luo Feng.”

“Luo Feng.”

Voices resounded, causing the deep in thought Luo Feng to awaken, he looked up and saw a skinny man, along with a tall and sturdy gold short haired man walking over, the skinny man smiled, “Luo Feng, This is Lord Bendi, the head captain of Three Axe Mountain’s second large team.”

Luo Feng was shocked, the golden short haired man before him had an aura much stronger than everybody else.

“Lord Bendi.” Luo Feng bowed, beside him, Hong, Thunder God and Ao Gu bowed too.

Before they arrived, relying on Babata’s scan, they already knew…in this allied base with a total of about 480,000 people, there were six universe levels! Obviously the long one and a half months of brutal battles, losing over a million Star level 9 warriors had forced out six Universe level breakthroughs.

Of which the Three Axe Mountain faction had two Universe level fighters!

“Luo Feng? Lord Ming Yu has mentioned you before to me.” The golden haired tall and sturdy man smiled as he looked at Luo Feng and his team.


Chapter 358: The Final Transaction

“Weren’t you guys a five man squad?” captain Bendi looked towards Luo Feng’s group of four.

As one of the two universe level fighters in the world within a world, Bendi has access to a lot of detailed information.

“We were, but one of our squad members died” sighed Luo Feng.

“Killed by who?” frowned Bendi.

“One of the men under the ninth prince” Luo Feng wasn’t in such a good mood. Even though Tie Nan He was a slave, there weren’t any slaves on earth. So Luo Feng didn’t subconsciously treat his slaves as ‘goods’ and treated them like bodyguards instead.

So Tie Nan He’s death made Luo Feng grateful for Tie Nan He’s service and also angry at the ninth prince.

“The ninth prince?” Bendi shook his head, “Then we can’t do anything. Far too many people have died by his men”.

“I understand” Luo Feng nodded.

“If you guys can survive, Lord Ming Yu will surely be very happy” smiled Bendi, “A reminder, I’m also under Lord Ming Yu”.

“Oh?”

Luo Feng, Hong, and Thunder God were extremely shocked. As the head of the four organizations, Three Axe Mountain has many sector lords and domain lords. ‘Ming Yu’ isn’t exactly an elite in Three Axe Mountain, and yet one of the two universe level fighters that appeared in Three Axe Mountain’s group is under Ming Yu.

“So captain Bendi was also under Lord Ming Yu,” Luo Feng let out a face of joy.

“Haha, when we leave the world within a world and head back to Cang Lan Star, you guys come with me to see Lord Ming Yu together” Bendi smiled. If it wasn’t for their common superior ‘Lord Ming Yu’, Bendi wouldn’t personally come greet Luo Feng’s group.

“For sure,” Luo Feng smiled as he responded.

Bendi then left. As a higher up of the Three Axe Mountain’s group, there were many things Bendi had to deal with.

Even though it was late into the night, people wearing battle uniform sets and helmets could frequently be seen entering the Thunder Castle in the middle.

Luo Feng, Hong, and Thunder God looked at the Thunder Castle in the middle from far away in the crowd.

“Big brother, second brother, what are you guys preparing to exchange?” said Luo Feng through his spiritual force.

“A D6 grade rail gun and a Thunder instruction manual” said Thunder God.

“Alright” smiled Luo Feng.

This is what it’s like to be rich: just buy whatever you want.

“Big brother, what about you?” Luo Feng looked towards Hong.

“It seems like there aren’t that many things that are beneficial to me. If there are any ‘Life Fruits’ left, then help me buy one. Also, if there are any ‘Heart of Stars’ left, then buy me that too. That’s it for now” said Hong.

“Understood” Luo Feng nodded, and then let out a smile, “Big brother, second brother, I’ll be using the leftover thunderstones to exchange for other treasures….. those treasures also represent a huge amount of wealth. After we leave, we can use that huge amount of wealth to exchange for some things that we really need”.

“Alright” smiled Hong.

“Thirdie, do what you want, since you were the one that got all of these stones” snickered Thunder God, “Your big brother and me are just taking advantage of you”.

…..

Luo Feng wasn’t in a rush to exchange immediately. He first silently observed. There were indeed quite a few people who entered the Thunder Castle. However, 99% of them are probably just decoys to confuse other people.

The night slowly passed, and a sliver of light appeared in the world within a world.

The cold breeze blew across the plain. Luo Feng, who was wearing an alloyed battle uniform set while wearing a helmet and had an alloyed blade on his back just like every other universe adventurer headed straight towards the Thunder Castle.

“He’s going to the ancient castle”

“Is he a decoy, or actually going to exchange for something?”

“Who cares if he’s actually going to make a transaction, hurry up and report this to the lord. The captain of that four man squad went to the ancient castle”

“Yes”

The adventurers on surveillance duty under the ninth prince immediately reported this information. Of this, Luo Feng knew nothing about. However, even if he knew, Luo Feng would just laugh without a care….. as part of the army of the Three Axe Army, Luo Feng really wasn’t afraid of anything.

While the large amount of people under the alliance watched, Luo Feng stepped into the gates of the castle.

Thunder Castle, a gloomy, cold, ancient room.

Luo Feng silently stood there.

“I want to make a transaction” yelled Luo Feng.

“Wait a bit kiddo” a low sound reverberated around the ancient room, “There are a lot of people making transactions these two days, so I’m a bit busy. Let me finish with this one first”

Luo Feng was shocked when he heard this: “The living AI is currently dealing with someone else?”

“MAN, THAT’S DIRTY!” yelled Babata.

“What’s wrong?” inquired Luo Feng.

“This living AI is sure a messed up and sinister person” said Babata angrily, “Even though there are many people from the alliance entering the castle, it’s just one person every few minutes. And that is when a lot of people are entering! Isn’t the living AI telling you directly….. that the person before you is actually making a transaction?”

Luo Feng was extremely shocked.

“You have no power or authority. But if you did have authority and was the leader of a huge team, what would you do?” asked Babata.

“I would arrange for people to keep an eye on him. After he leaves the alliance’s area, I’ll make my move” Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with shock.

Understood, he understood!

“So yeah. This living AI sure is sinister. As a living AI, could he not predict the consequences of every word he says? His computation ability is extraordinary, so he wouldn’t make such a stupid mistake. Which means….. he’s doing this on purpose!”

“There is only one reason he has for doing this: to make you guys kill each other!”

“This living AI is seriously sinister.” Babata was extremely angry.

Luo Feng was also a bit angry.

If their guess is correct, then the living AI in this ancient castle is probably the reason why the ninth prince Brolin arranged for people to chase them down. Otherwise, there is no other explanation….. why would the great ninth prince only go after Luo Feng’s group and not other groups!

The sound of footsteps carried from the hallway. A fat, white bearded old man smiled as he walked in. There was a layer of light surrounding his body. If you observe carefully, you could barely discover….. that this white bearded old man was not a real person, but a being made out of energy.

“Lord Wu,” even though Luo Feng was a bit angry in his heart, he appeared to be very well-mannered on the surface.

Fighting against a ‘messed up’ living AI that has been lonely for tens of thousands of years is a very stupid thing to do.

“Hey kid, this is our second time meeting isn’t it?” smiled the white bearded old man, “It seems like your harvest went well. Tell me, what do you want to exchange for?”

“One life fruit,” said Luo Feng.

“You exchanged for a life fruit last time and you still want another one?” the white bearded old man looked at Luo Feng with surprise.

“Yes” nodded Luo Feng.

“None left, none left,” the white bearded old man shook his head in response, “all the life fruits I have are gone, not a single one left”

“Not a single one left?” Luo Feng froze.

Yeah, thunder stones represented treasure, but that doesn’t mean ‘thunder stones’ can absolutely give you the treasure you want. Because the treasures here are limited! Like even if the ninth prince ‘Brolin’ gets a ton of thunder stones later, he’ll never be able to get the third password to the crystal ball of inheritance.

“Then I’ll exchange for a heart of stars” said Luo Feng.

“Don’t have any of that left either” the white bearded old man shook his head.

“What? None of that? Then….. there at least must be a D6 grade rail gun left” Luo Feng stared at the white bearded old man.

The D6 rail gun is not that useful for sector lords and domain lords. So the chances of someone exchanging for it is quite low. And, there are even a total of three D6 grade rail guns available.

“None of that left either” the white bearded old man shook his head, “On the first day, a single person exchanged for all three of these D6 grade rail guns in one go”

“Uh–”

Luo Feng took in a deep breath.

None of that, none of this, none of anything.

“Lord Wu, what treasures still remain?” Luo Feng looked at the white bearded old man.

“There are still 63 treasures remaining” the white bearded old man smiled as he looked at Luo Feng, “Since you seem good, I won’t waste your time”. As he said that, he waved his head. In a moment, rays of energy gathered around him and formed a screen. On the screen was a treasure list which clearly displayed how many of each treasure remained.

“No.1 The bank account to the entire spatial instruction manual inheritance crystall ball (three accounts), stock: none.

No.2 Master’s bank account, stock: none.

No.3 Domain lord level bloodline evolution potion (one portion)

…..

No.18 Thunder instruction manual set (six manuals in a set), stock: five.

…..

No.68 level 5 genetic energy weapon ‘Fire Wheel’, stock: none.

Luo Feng looked at this list and took in a deep breath.

Holy.

None, none, none, none, none, none! A huge list of “nones” made one’s heart go cold.

“Kiddo, what’ll it be?” the white bearded old man smiled as he looked at Luo Feng.

And yet, Luo Feng was in a dilemma. Which one should he pick?

“Luo Feng, what are you so confused about? Stupid!” Babata’s voice rang in his mind.

“You want a heart of stars? There’s none here, but it’s available in the universe!”

“You want a life fruit? It’s also available in the universe!”

“As long as you have enough wealth and the proper connections, you can purchase them. So….. there’s no need to be confused. All you have to do is exchange for the more valuable ones out of this list. These treasures represent a huge amount of wealth. Can’t you just purchase what you want in the universe later?” said Babata.

Luo Feng laughed.

Such a simple idea, and yet his thinking was restricted to the list in front of him.

“These are the ones that are more valuable, so purchase these” Babata told Luo Feng which items to purchase as they communicated with their thoughts.

“That, and that”

“And those, I want all of those”

“And that Thunder instruction manual set, I want all of the remaining five sets” Luo Feng was rich.

The white bearded old man was stunned.

Because those with a lot of thunder stones purchased what they needed at the beginning. Towards the end….. those who come to exchange don’t have that many thunder stones. And yet, Luo Feng wanted so many items in one go. The amount of thunderstones required was quite an alarming amount.

“That’ll be a total of 9.02 million thunderstones” the white bearded old man stared at Luo Feng.


Chapter 359: Return

At first, the leaders of the organizations, like the ninth prince, brought millions and tens of millions of thunderstones to exchange at the thunder castle! This wasn’t weird…. however, later on, since those with thunderstones have already exchanged them a long time ago, barely any large transactions appear.

“Lord Wu, here are 9.02 million thunderstones” with a flip of his hand, a spatial storage ring appeared.

The fat, white bearded old man extended his hand to take it. With a quick check, he couldn’t help but to raise his head towards Luo Feng: “Kiddo, you surprise me more and more. It seems like you don’t have that much authority in the alliance. With your previous exchanges, the total amount of thunderstones you used exceeds 10 million”

“Luck,” Luo Feng smiled.

“Luck can’t explain some things,” the white bearded old man smiled and stopped talking there.

With a flip of his hand, all sorts and types of treasures started hovering in the ancient room. All types of elemental source laws of the universe emanated around. There were several five stage genetic weapons and spiritual weapons. The extremely complicated engravings on them were similar to the natural engravings on the golden horned beast. The thick aura of the elemental source laws caused Luo Feng to hold his breath.

Each item is a valuable treasure.

Each item can exchange for tens of thousands of life planets, some can even go for hundreds of thousands of life planets!

All of these treasures added together far exceed the price of a galaxy! They are worth more than all the property of a fighter who just stepped into the ‘sector lord’ level.

“Wow” as Luo Feng looked at all of these valuable treasures hovering in front of him, his heart rate couldn’t help but to accelerate, his blood was boiling.

“I’ll put all of these treasures in this spatial storage ring” the white bearded old man threw a spatial storage ring to Luo Feng.

“Okay” Luo Feng took it and checked the treasures inside. He then frowned, “Lord Wu, what about the five sets of the thunder instruction manual?”

“The five sets of the thunder instruction manuals are stored in these five mini quantum computers” smiled the white bearded old man.

“Thank you, Lord Wu. I will be going now then” Luo Feng greeted and then left.

On the vast plain, the number of men in the alliance exceeded five million. Clearly, the other squads in the outer areas are returning.

After his successful exchange, Luo Feng left the ancient castle in a good mood and returned to Three Axe Mountain’s area.

“Third bro” Thunder God saw Luo Feng and waved his hand.

“Coming” Luo Feng came with a smile on his face.

“How’d it go?” there was a bit of expectation in Hong’s eyes as he carefully asked through his genetic energy.

“We were too slow, all the good stuff has been taken. Whether the D6 railgun, the life fruit, or the heart of stars, all of these legendary treasures are gone” replied Luo Feng through his spiritual force. He had to be careful, since there were many other people from Three Axe Mountain in the surroundings.

“They’re all gone?” Hong and Thunder God froze.

“Yeah. Out of all the things you wanted, I only got the five thunder instruction manual sets” Luo Feng smiled as he looked at Thunder God, “Second brother, this thunder instruction manual is sector lord Kabu’s instruction manual. It suits you nicely”

This thunder instruction manual wasn’t that valuable compared to the other treasures.

Because sector lord Kabu was, after all, just a ‘sector lord’. The techniques he came up with can’t be that powerful (compared to the inheritance crystal). If it was an undying being’s instruction manual, then that would be a very big deal! Luo Feng received the inheritance of the Yun Mo Planet sect, which is way more powerful than that thunder instruction manual.

Of course–

On the path of thunder, the Yun Mo Planet sect is probably a bit weaker, since the Yun Mo Planet sect focuses on the path of spirit readers.

“Haha, let me see” Thunder God couldn’t control himself, since he practices the path of thunder.

“Don’t rush” yelled Hong through his genetic energy, “There are tons of people watching around us. If someone finds out….. there might be trouble. You can slowly look through those instruction manuals after we leave the World of Thunder. Also, it’s not like you’ll be able to get through them in a short amount of time”

“Yeah, okay, I’ll listen to big brother.” Thunder God’s mind became clear.

“Big brother, second brother” Luo Feng continued, “Even though I finished exchanging, I still have 60,000 thunderstones here”

“You still have so many?” Hong and Thunder God froze.

Hong replied: “These thunderstones cannot go to waste. Since you can’t exchange them, sell them quickly. After we leave the world within a world, these thunderstones are worthless”

“Right now in the alliance, there are still people purchasing thunderstones. Even though the prices aren’t as high as they were in the beginning, we should still try to find the best price possible” said Luo Feng through his spiritual force, “Big brother, second brother, let’s look for people who are purchasing thunderstones in the alliance for a few days and talk with them to see how much we can sell for”

“Alright” Hong and Thunder God nodded.

…..

In the next few days, the size of the army on the plain continued to increase. In the meantime, Luo Feng managed to sell the 60,000 thunderstones in several portions, since even those who are purchasing them can’t swallow so many thunderstones at once.

Because there weren’t many treasures left in the castle, so the exchange rate for the thunderstones dropped dramatically!

60,000 thunderstones, some sold well and some didn’t.

The average price was around 80 cubic meters of universe crystals for one thunderstone, for a total of 5 million cubic meters of universe crystals! If you add the universe crystals that the cloud contact vine received from stealing and ambushing and also the universe crystals that Luo Feng and his squad dug up, then they have a total of 6.8 million cubic meters of universe crystals.

“6.8 million cubic meters of universe crystals, which is 6.8 billion universe coins! Haha, even that Nuolan Shan family probably doesn’t have that much” Thunder God was extremely happy.

“Calm down, this is just the beginning,” Hong smiled as he said through his genetic energy, “Those treasures are the main part!”

“Of course I understand that” Thunder God smiled.

Luo Feng was also extremely happy. In theory, only the large organizations should have been able to obtain the valuable treasures in the world within a world.

However, thanks to his precise scanner, his first excavation led to over a million thunderstones. With that, he managed to get the ‘life fruit’ to mega evolve his cloud contact vine! With the evolved cloud contact vine and Babata, they began their big steal!

In terms of profit…..

Many 10,000 man squads couldn’t even compare to Luo Feng’s squad!

Only gigantic teams like the alliance under the ninth prince ‘Brolin’ earned more than Luo Feng’s squad.

However, the truly valuable treasures like the three accounts to the inheritance crystal, the password to the sector lord’s bank account, and the domain lord level bloodline evolution potion, out of the top 10 valuable treasures, Luo Feng only got one of the three life fruits. As for the rest, he didn’t get a single one!

The fifth day after Luo Feng finished exchanging.

On the plain, the nearly 600,000 large alliance army gathered around the castle. White light scattered across the land.

“Haha….. little kiddos”

Above the Thunder Castle, the image of the white bearded old man appeared. The white bearded old man hovered above the castle as he looked towards the surrounding alliance army. He spoke with a smile on his face, “Just now, the final treasure’s transaction has been completed. As of now, all 312 treasures in my possession have been exchanged by you people”

“Now, the exchange is over!”

RUMBLE~~~

The doors to the ancient castle started to automatically close slowly. Yet, the surrounding hundreds of thousands of people in the alliance’s army froze.

It’s over?

The exchange is over?

“I still have leftover thunderstones!”

“I still have some too”

“I just purchased some thunderstones, what, what should I do now?” all of a sudden, many people in the alliance were exasperated. Some of them even started to roar in anger. To these star level nine stage fighters….. the thunderstones in their possession represented an amount of wealth that would make them drool.

But in the blink of an eye, the thunderstones turned into useless stones.

Once you can’t exchange with them, thunderstones become worthless.

…..

Some people were enraged, some people yelled, and some people were overjoyed. No matter what, the treasures in the world within a world have come to an end.

“I bet there are still more treasures in that castle” Thunder God looked towards the castle.

“Even if there are, they aren’t ours” Hong let out a rare smile, “A castle left behind by a sector lord definitely won’t go down that easily”

“Our trip in the world within a world comes to an end” Luo Feng also smiled.

Suddenly, a messenger not too far away yelled: “Luo Feng, I’ve come to notify you that the treasure exchanging here is over. In a bit, our Three Axe Mountain’s army will depart! We’ll leave the world within a world and head towards the thunder world. From the thunder world, we’ll return to Cang Lan star”

“Understood” yelled Luo Feng in reply.

“Also….. even though killing people is forbidden in the alliance, once we depart, each army is no longer bound under the rules of “the alliance”, so battles could still occur on the way back. Please be careful and don’t get separated from the main group” said the messenger.

“Understood”

“Thanks”

Luo Feng and his group smiled as they replied.

They knew about this a long time ago. The so called rule of ‘forbidden to kill within the grounds of the alliance’ exists so that every squad can safely exchange for treasures! Once the exchange time is over and every organization returns to their own side….. some squads have reaped large rewards while others barely got anything. It won’t be weird for squads that haven’t earned much to team up with each other to steal from other squads.

“Well, we’ll be following Three Axe Mountain’s main group anyway” Luo Feng smiled, “Three Axe Mountain’s side has almost 80,000 people and two Universe level fighters, so it is very safe”

“And we’ll be hiding in the back” Thunder God let out a smile, “We’re just a squad of four, and our identity shows that we are under Lord Ming Yu, so we don’t have to go to the front”

Indeed, the first Three Axe Mountain group that entered the world within a world will stay within the center of the main group. And the main group never thought of using a four man squad, since the power of a four man squad is way too weak. Also….. when they are following orders and moving into formation, thousands and thousands of people are moving at once. A four man squad in the middle will just get in the way.

“The North Dragon Castle’s group has departed”

In the eyes of the other members of the alliance.

A grand group soared into the sky all at once. They blocked the sky and sun as tens of thousands of people directly headed towards the distance.

…..

“Three Axe Mountain, everyone heed my order–depart!”

A low sound carried out from the gorrilla brute in the core of the Three Axe Mountain’s main group as it reverberated around every person’s ear. And in the grand army, Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God, and Ao Gu were naturally a part of it.

“It’s time to depart”

Luo Feng’s group of four, like everyone else, soared into the sky at the same time.

The grand army of nearly 80,000 people exceeded the size of the North Dragon Castle’s army by quite a bit….. what kind of sight is 80,000 people soaring into the sky at once? It’s as if an infinitely large cloud covered the entire sky. The entire plains became black. The army transformed into a countless number of flowing lights as they headed towards the distance.


Chapter 360: One Shot, One Kill

Allied base camp.

The ninth prince Brolin glanced at the vast army of the Three Axe Mountain flying into the distance.

“Your Majesty.” A bodyguard beside him spoke, “Are we still not leaving?”

“Don’t be anxious.”

Brolin said coldly, “Everything, I’ve already determined.”

“Yes.” The bodyguard didn’t dare to speak anymore.

Within Brolin’s mind, he thought, “Should I hit or not? Grandfather, you did give me an order! Now that the other powers are leaving the allied base, we can start a war…”

In the vast universe, the amount of mystery and wonder couldn’t be measured, the blood and flesh life forms had the human race and the beast race, both of which were uncountable. There were even other metal life forms, plant life forms, energy beings, AI life forms etc, too many forms of living beings, and in terms of dangerous places, the white dwarf star and neutron star were the most average.

There were even more dangerous regions about.

At the same time, there were other mysterious items that were deemed as treasures. These treasures had peculiar effects on the blood and flesh life forms, some others having other effects on the other life forms.

……

In the vast universe, there was a star field, the Black Dragon Mountain star field, and in it, Cang Lan Star quickly became the center point of the entire star field in a blink of an eye, with many strong warriors arriving and landing there.

The cities on Cang Lan Star were mostly segregated into the ancient city and the urban city.

The ancient cities had a million years of history embedded into it, and the Universe Mercenary Alliance base, was within an ancient city! This city’s highest skyscraper had a loft with a big hall that was about 8600m tall, and about 1000 square meters, within such a big hall, there two large wooden chairs facing each other.

In front of the chairs were tea and cups.

The two chairs faced each other, each with one person in them.

One of them had a beautiful and handsome appearance, almost like a deity, with eyes like lightning engulfing the world, an absolute warrior…Three Axe Mountain’s sector lord Jiang Tian Chen.

On the other end, was a bald old man with an aquiline nose, his eyes peculiar…Black Dragon Mountain sacred land’s Sector Lord Hargrey.

Among the two, the center of Jiang Tian Chen’s forehead had a thunder mark while Hargrey’s had an ice mark, even though the two hadn’t unleashed any power, the entire large hall was still under the pressure of the thunder energy and ice energy’s influence.

“Jiang Tian Chen, the conditions you’ve given, I cannot agree to them!” Hargrey’s voice was hoarse, akin to two knives rubbing against each other.

“You’ll change your mind.” Jiang Tian Chen said indifferently.

The two belonged to the pinnacle of Sector Lord existences, in the Black Dragon Mountain star field, they both stood right at the peak! The only ones stronger were the Undying Beings.

That ninth prince Brolin was Hargrey’s grandson, because of Hargrey’s power, hence the ninth prince himself had so much authority and power. After all there were many princes in the empire, many of which were destined never to take the throne and without much special power or privileges.

However because of his mother’s lineage, Brolin had much more power.

“I can only agree to six of them.” Hargrey’s eyes were serious, as though his gaze was piercing a hole in the space, “Jiang Tian Chen, if you agree, then it’ll be a huge celebration.”

“There are nine conditions, not one less.”

Jiang Tian Chen shook his head, “If you agree, I’ll pass the final inheritance crystal ball password to you.”

Hargrey found it hard to suppress the rage on his face.

……

At the same time, in the virtual universe.

“Abu.” Dressed in a black long robe, the old man Hargrey with the aquiline nose immediately appeared in a palace, within it, Brolin stood.

“Grandfather.” Brolin’s eyes gleamed, “Should I act or not? Any later and we might not make it.”

“Do it!”

Hargrey ordered, “Make the move against the Three Axe Mountain people, kill their leading people and steal their AI computers. See if you can get the last passcode from them.” Since acquiring the passcodes from the thunder castle, they naturally stored them in the AI computers, and transferred them into the virtual universe, informing their sector lord Jiang Tian Chen.

“Understood!” Brolin’s eyes gleamed, with a sense of excitement and madness, “Grandfather, relax.”

Hargrey rubbed his grandson’s head adoringly.

Brolin seemed extremely docile, he was very clear that whatever extra power and privileges he had obtained as one of the many princes was from this grandfather of his! Even in the royal family…it still depended on power, with a Sector Lord as a grandfather, his position was obviously different. And any prince that could reach the Sector Lord level could immediately take the throne.

World within a world, allied base.

“Depart!”

With an order, there were close to 150,000 survivors of the Black Dragon Mountain sacred land, of which 60,000 could clearly hear the ninth prince. Following his order, the 60,000 rose up and swiftly left.

60,000 people flying side by side, after two days of flying, they stopped to rest.

“Your majesty, these are the 2,000 elites that have been picked out.” A bodyguard said respectfully.

“Hm?” Brolin looked at the 2,000 strong team before him.

“Very well.”

Brolin smiled, with a wave of his hand, a disc shaped universe ship immediately appeared beside on an empty plot of land, right! His storage ring could just fit an universe ship within.

“Arrange for them to enter the cabin of the ship, the lower cabin.” Bu Luo Lin said.

“Yes.”

His eight bodyguards immediately began the arrangements, the entire ship was separated into three sections, top, middle and lower level, every level had tens of meters in height. Hence, the every room within had beddings that could be separated into four levels! A room that was tens of square meters in space with a height of ten meters could store up to eight people, without even squeezing.

The entire ship easily stored the 2,000 people.

“Your majesty, the 2,000 man army is ready.”

“Depart.”

Brolin was high spirited, with an order, the ship immediately rose up and tore through the skies, heading towards where the Three Axe Mountain army had swiftly flown to.

……

The army’s flying speed could never compare to that of the universe ship.

Within the universe ship control room.

The ninth prince Brolin stood at the control board, behind him were his eight bodyguards.

“Master, there’s 120,000km until we reach the Three Axe Mountain army.

“Another 100,000km.”

“80,000km.”

“60,000 km.”

The control board’s screen constantly reported, “About to make contact, 20,000km, 10,000km, 5000km. The ship decreased its speed.”

“Scan the entire army, pinpoint the twelve important targets.” Brolin ordered.

“Yes, master.” This D8 grade universe ship’s scanning area was a total of 200,000km, easily scanning everyone within the Three Axe Mountain army, immediately, a robotic voice resounded, “Three Axe Mountain army, a total of 78503 people, the locations of the twelve important people are…”

A large screen appeared within the ship.

On it, a scene of the vast army, with twelve lit up dots. Simultaneously on the left side of the screen, twelve head figures appeared, of which there were two Universe levels, a few head captains, and Luo Feng’s image.

“Use the D6 grade laser cannon and bombard their army, this will throw them into chaos. Don’t attack these twelve, these twelve all have treasures, their AI computers might have the passcode, it’d be a waste if it were to be destroyed.”

“Arrange for another twelve to use the laser guns and kill these twelve.”

“And during the chaos, swiftly send the team to acquire the treasures from these twelve. Especially their AI computers.” Brolin said coldly.

“Yes!”

The eight bodyguards complied respectfully.

A C2 grade laser gun, even though Brolin had brought nine initially, when the 2 million army entered into the world within a world, they too brought along more. Pulling out twelve of them was indeed easy.

“Go on!” Brolin stifled his voice, yet his eyes filled with anticipation.

The vast army of the Three Axe Mountain was flying in the skies, Luo Feng and his team of four were mixed in, laughing and chatting, their moods especially good.

“Third brother, we’ve struck it big, even after training till Domain Lord, we won’t ever have a lack of money.” Thunder God laughed.

“Don’t get overconfident and satisfied.” Hong smiled.

Luo Feng however communicated via spirit energy, “Everybody be careful, my scanning equipment was scanned…there should be a large scanning system scanning us.”

“A large scanning system?” Hong, Thunder God and Ao Gu were shocked within.

“Right.” Luo Feng nodded, his expression serious, “All be careful.”

Luo Feng and his team all went on high alert, the entire Three Axe Mountain army however were still engaged in discussion and laughter.

“”Rumble!”

“Rumble!”

“Rumble!”

Three large black silhouettes, like three black holes descended on the large army, Luo Feng and his team felt like the entire land and skies immediately went silent. Without a sound or trace, they could only see the distant explosions and tremors, the hundreds of Star level 9 warriors vaporizing into nothingness, also the visible ripples from the explosions dispersed in all directions, sweeping past the rest of the army, with a large number of the soldiers getting killed, fresh blood erupting from their armors and helmets.

The first attack, without a sound or trace had killed everyone within a 100m radius, with a huge rumble following it, causing a large number of explorers to suffer from the aftereffects.

“Rumble…”

Another cannon shot!

Losing thousands of people, this was also due to the close density of the army.

“”This…”Luo Feng opened his eyes wide, shocked totally from the terrifying cannon fire.

“Chi!”

Luo Feng felt as though his brain had been hit by a hard stick.

Twelve beams of light descended from the sky!

In a flash, they hit twelve people within the Three Axe Mountain army, including the two Universe level warriors and the other head captains, even Luo Feng!

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi!

Twelve beams of white light!

Twelve people fell immediately!

“Third brother!”

“Luo Feng!”

“Master.”

Hong, Thunder God and Ao Gu awakened from the shock, and the fallen Luo Feng could only open his eyes dizzily.

“What?” Luo Feng’s head was still ringing.

“That was twelve shots of C2 grade laser guns, the eleven other people in the Three Axe Mountain, including the two Universe levels have all been killed. You were saved by your cloud contact vine’s sturdiness.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s consciousness.


Chapter 361: Return to Cang Lan Star

“What!” Luo Feng was shocked as he spun around surveying the surroundings.

“Rumble…”

Almost as though the land and skies were torn apart, a large enormous universe ship suddenly appeared in mid air, at the same time the bottom of ship automatically split open with large amounts of black uniformed armored explorers rushing out, flying downwards, forming twelve teams and madly rushing down like a mad wind. Also, beams of lasers constantly shot down in different directions at the Three Axe Mountain faction, causing the to be thrown into chaos.

“Block them!”

“Kill them.”

“It’s the Black Dragon Mountain people.”

“Kill!”

Roars of rage resounded from within the Three Axe Mountain faction, even though they lost thousands, the remaining 80,000 people were still those that survived through countless struggles and battles, even with the mad chaos from the sneak attack, they quickly regained their composure.

……

Mid air, within the universe ship control room.

The ninth prince Brolin coldly stood at the control board, through the external simulator, he clearly observed the happenings below.

After the first three pronged attack of the D6 cannon, along with the twelve laser guns repeatedly firing, especially with the 2,000 elite soldiers forming twelve teams and fiercely rushing into the confused army, the 80,000 man army of the Three Axe Mountain scrambled to gather and defend against the attack.

Close to 80,000 people, however they were separated and dispersed.

And the twelve elite groups were valiant, they even had laser guns, seeking the treasures from the twelve people, naturally their efficiency was high.

“No.1 success.”

“No.8 success.”

“No.9 success.”

“No.6 success.”

……

Messages began to come in, the elite teams quickly gathered the quantum computers or storage rings and immediately returned.

This quick as lightning sneak attack lasted no more than three minutes, those twelve teams swiftly returned into the universe ship and it accelerated and disappeared into the skies.

The Three Axe Mountain’s army all looked up and watched as the ship left, roaring with rage.

Among the crowd, Luo Feng and his team too were filled with rage.

“Luckily you had the cloud contact vine as protection, otherwise… That ninth prince Brolin is really scum, bastard, garbage!” Thunder god was incomparably enraged.

“Almost.” Hong’s expression too was ugly.

“That Brolin, is truly vicious.” Luo Feng could clearly smell the air that was filled with the metallic smell of blood, also looking at the distant lands where armors, boots, helmets, filled with minced meat, bones and bone chilling large amounts of blood.

Amongst which there were a large amount of bodies from the ninth prince’s own elite team.

“Don’t think so much, right now we can do nothing about it.” Luo Feng growled softly, “We have to bear with it first and follow the army out, that’s what’s most important.”

“Right.”

Hong and Thunder God were also filled with rage, but they could only bear with it.

The Three Axe Mountain army swiftly regained discipline and order, obviously losing a few thousand didn’t have much impact, Luo Feng however had some lingering fear, if that shot earlier had pierced through his brain! If it were a normal human, they’d die without doubt! However his life core was stored within his internal world!

Even if his head was pierced, it could still regrow!

“If that happened and if I was discovered even by the Three Axe Mountain army…I Luo Feng, have the ability to survive even after my brains have been blown to bits. It would definitely arouse their suspicion! Even the Universe levels, Domain Lords, Sector Lords on Cang Lan Star would all be curious.” Luo Feng was afraid of that the most.

Within the universe ship.

“We acquired seven quantum computers and eight storage items.” The ninth prince Brolin’s face seemed encased in a layer of ice cold, staring at the quantum computers and storage items on the ground, saying solemnly, “This, is your efficiency?”

“Your majesty! Of the twelve shot by the laser gun, eleven died, there was one that didn’t. And when we went to retrieve the quantum computers, those beside the bodies also took some of them…hence, we only acquired seven computers and eight storage items, that alone was no easy feat.” A bodyguard spoke.

Brolin glanced at him.

That bodyguard shivered, not daring to speak.

“In the future, if you don’t do a good job, don’t find excuses, understood?” Brolin looked at the bodyguard.

“Understood.” The bodyguard knelt down on one knee.

“One person didn’t die, who was it?” Brolin asked.

“No.12 target.” The bodyguard replied.

“Hm?” Brolin creased his eyebrows, “I remember him! It’s the same punk with the universe ship.”

“You can all leave.” Brolin said solemnly.

The eight swiftly retreated.

Only Brolin remained in the control room, after which he squatted down and began to examine each device along with the storage items.

“Six treasures?” Brolin didn’t seem to care, carefully looking through the quantum computers.

“No?”

“We didn’t find the passcode data?”

“These computers, none of them were used to exchange for the inheritance crystal passcode?” Brolin’s expression ashened, panicking within before raging about and stomping hard around, destroying every one of the quantum computers.

……

Cang Lan Star.

In an extremely tall skyscraper that soared through the skies, two peak Sector Lords Jiang Tian Chen and Hargrey sat facing each other.

“Hargrey, I stick to what I said, if you want the final passcode, then, you have to agree to my nine conditions, not one less.” Jiang Tian Chen said calmly.

“You are indeed vicious.” Hargrey squinted his eyes.

The two stared at each other.

“I agree to your conditions.” Hargrey took a deep breath.

“Hahaha…”Jiang Tian Chen stood up, his face full of smiles, “Hargrey, it’s been a pleasure working with you.”

“The pleasure is mine!” Hargrey stood up, smiling just a little.

Jiang Tian Chen’s smile however was full and wide.

“Don’t be so unwilling. You want the inheritance crystal ball, so it’s not much for me to ask for these.” Jiang Tian Chen’s lips curled into a smile, “Also, a soldier of mine in the world within a world exchanged for the passcode and has the quantum computer! I’ve ordered him long ago to completely destroy it! That soldier himself, I’ve also sent people to kill him. Hence, no matter what you do in the world within a world, you’ll never acquire the last passcode.”

Hargrey’s expression ashened, before he managed to squeeze out a smile, “Respect, respect.”

“Same.” Jiang Tian Chen smiled, “Prepare what you need to, when the time comes, I’ll hand over the passcode to you.”

“What you want, I require a month to prepare.” Hargrey said.

“I’m in no rush! No rush at all, whenever you’ve prepared the things on your side, I’ll pass the passcode to you.” Jiang Tian Chen laughed, “Hargrey, then I’ll leave first.”

“I won’t see you out.” Hagrey said.

“Poof!

A faint sense of thunder energy was left in the large hall, Jiang Tian Chen who was originally standing there vanished.

Hargrey walked towards a large window besides him, from more than 8,000m above the sky, he looked down out towards the ancient city, his gaze piercing and cold, saying softly, “Jiang Tian Chen, you’ve gained quite a bit this time, next time, I’ll definitely make you pay back even more than now!!!”

Hargrey’s expression was malevolent, this exchange had cost him almost his entire wealth to be taken away by Jiang Tian Chen!

“Howl.” Hargrey roared with rage.

Poof!

The cold air blew and Hargrey too disappeared from the large hall.

After a short while, the doors of the large hall finally opened and two waiters walked in, exchanging glances, “The doors were locked and the windows were locked, where did they go?”

After flying for about seven days, they finally reached the exit, arriving at the Valley of Wind and Thunder in the World of Thunder.

After that, after about seven days of flying in the World of Thunder, the Three Axe Mountain army finally reached the exit…the exit to Cang Lan Star! The only thing was, this exit wasn’t as large as the black hole at the Valley of Wind and Thunder, that allowed about a one hundred to pass at a time while this one only allowed a few people at a time.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

The explorers all became beams of light and headed out continuously.

“This exit is too small, with so many people, how long will it take?” Thunder God floated up, looking ahead.

“Even though the explorers’ speeds are very fast, it’ll take about an hour for us to get there.” Luo Feng calculated and spoke, even if ten people passed per second, it took about an hour for 30,000 over people, to get to the center of the group, which was where they were.

“We are finally about to exit.” Hong smiled as he sighed, “This trip was indeed mysterious.”

“Yes indeed.” Luo Feng smiled.

They originally came to take part in the trainee exams, who would have thought that they’d discover a world within a world and everyone forgot about the exams immediately, throwing themselves into the world within a world to gamble. This world within a world represented immense wealth! Obviously gambling was the right choice, Luo Feng’s rewards were incredibly large.

In terms of wealth, it was comparable to a Sector Lord! Of course, they still couldn’t compare to the pinnacle of Sector Lords like The thunder Sector Lord Kabu, Jiang Tian Chen or Hargrey.

In terms of power, the cloud contact vine too acquired a large breakthrough.

“We have quite a bit of wealth, however, the difference between our power and wealth is huge.” Thunder God muttered, “We have to increase our strength when we return.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

During the wait, with large numbers of explorers flying and exiting, it finally reached their turn.

“Let’s go!”

“Charge!”

Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God and Ao Gu became four beams of light and swiftly entered into the light waterfall.

Cang Lan Star, Ancient city.

A pathway was specially made in a wall of the vial, allowing a large amount of explorers exiting from the World of Thunder to fly through.

Sou…

Countless explorers continuously flew out.

All explorers, please gather in front.”

“Anybody who tries to escape will be killed!”

“If you don’t listen to orders, you’ll be killed!”

In mid air, Universe levels from different powers floated above, occasionally there was a Domain Lord. These strong warriors looked coldly at the group of lucky survivors from the explorer army. Sounds of angry orders resounded through every explorers’ ears, causing the army to remain orderly and not dare to fly about recklessly.

“Third brother, look over there.” Among the large army, Thunder God said shocked.

“Hm?” Luo Feng turned to where Thunder God was looking at, in the distance floating amongst the powerful warriors, was one dressed in dark green army, ears pointy, the cold looking Nuolan Shan.

Nuolan Shan sensed that someone was looking and him and turned to look, easily spotting Luo Feng among the group.


Chapter 362: Meeting Ming Yu

“Not good.” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

Originally in charge of governing the discipline of the army, the moment he saw Luo Feng, Nuolan Shan’s eyes’ gleamed and he immediately rushed over.

“What luck! I actually got to bump into this punk, haha…meeting him in reality, I’ll settle this now for offending me. With my status, who would stop me?” Nuolan Shan was very confident, in the vast universe, it was indeed this way, a universe level’s position was tens of millions of times higher than a star level!

Breaking into the universe level was a huge step upwards.

A universe level killing a star level was indeed just like killing an ant. And Nuolan Shan was prepared to kill that ant Luo Feng!

……

On the flat land of the ancient city within Cang Lan Star, the Three Axe Mountain army flew down and prepared to gather.

And the distant Nuolan Shan kept heading towards to army center.

“This is the Three Axe Mountain army, Nuolan Shan, what is someone like you from the Hundred Tiger Building doing here, what do you want!!!” A powerful fierce spirit energy immediately transmitted through the entire 70,000 army, causing the vast army of explorers to turn over and look.

Within an instant they all spotted the human silhouette in the distance rushing over…Nuolan Shan!

“That’s Nuolan Shan?”

“Hundred Tiger Building’s people?”

“What’s someone from Hundred Tiger Building flying over here for?” The explorer army immediately began to discuss.

With 70,000 people watching him, Nuolan Shan who was flying over suddenly stopped, his expression ugly, scolding secretly, “That Luo Feng sure has guts, only a star level cannon fodder and he actually dared to transmit via genetic energy all over, that’s, that’s too arrogant!”

Within an army, one small soldier broadcasting loud enough for everyone to hear?

One theory, normally, soldiers didn’t dare shout that loud. However Nuolan Shan didn’t even know…Luo Feng wasn’t a soldier of the Three Axe Mountain organization.

“Nuolan Shan, stop.”

“Stop.”

“What are you doing here?”

Immediately five other similar managers flew over, these five belonged to the Three Axe Mountain organization and were universe levels. The five all had ugly expressions.

“These explorers, many of them bring along with them treasures from the world within a world, the sector lords and domain lords haven’t come to retrieve them. Nuolan Shan, you, someone from Hundred Tiger Building actually dares to come barging into our army, are you thinking of stealing the treasures? He a universe level, surely he wasn’t that daring!” The five universe levels raged within.

“Five sirs.” Nuolan Shan revealed a smile.

“Nuolan Shan, you want to barge into our army?” The five looked at him.

“No, not at all.” Nuolan Shan communicated, “I am but one universe level, the number of people on Cang Lan Star stronger than me ranges in the thousands to tens of thousands. With the domain and sector lords here, I don’t even dare to have such thoughts. I just spotted a personal enemy, I didn’t expect to see him today, hence I thought of settling it now.”

“Oh.” The five universe levels nodded.

“Who is your enemy?” among the five, a tall and sturdy man with hair like steel spoke.

“He’s called Luo Feng, he is but a small soldier in the army.” Nuolan Shan spoke.

“Small soldier?” The five exchanged glances.

“Five sirs, giving me that one small soldier, that shouldn’t be a problem right?” Nuolan Shan didn’t dare mess around, after all there were many other universe levels and domain lords around maintaining the discipline, if he dared barge in, even if the other organizations didn’t do anything, his own Hundred Tiger Building would personally deal with him.

“The treasures obtained by the explorer army hasn’t been retrieved by the sector and domain lords! At this time, not one soldier can be passed to you.” The five universe levels were all calm and clear with their regulations.

Nuolan Shan’s expression grew even uglier.

“Nuolan Shan, right now the other universe levels and domain lords are looking over, I think you should leave now.” The five said looking at him.

Nuolan Shan bit down and turned to leave without saying anything.

……

Among the army.

Luo Feng watched as the distant Nuolan Shan, after being held up by the five universe levels turned and left bitterly.

“Nuolan Shan? We have to find a chance to settle him once and for all!” Luo Feng thought within.

“This Nuolan Shan, we definitely have to kill him.” Hong’s expression was heavy, he transmitted, “Otherwise with his Nuolan Shan family eyeing the treasures on earth, our earth will never find peace.”

“Shall we get Lord Ming Yu to act?” Thunder god looked at Luo Feng and Hong.

Luo Feng’s eyes’ lit up.

Right!

They would be meeting Ming Yu in a second, and he was a universe 2 star mercenary, a powerful one even amongst the domain lords! Domain lord Ming Yu, if he was willing, it would be simple! Afterall, as the levels went up, breaking through got harder and harder. At the same time, the difference in power would only get crazier.

“When we give our treasure to Ming Yu later, we can ask for his help, there’s a high chance of success.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Luo Feng, what treasure are you prepared to give Ming Yu.” Thunder god transmitted.

“Right, Luo Feng, what do you think about this problem.” Hong looked at Luo Feng, as most of the contributions were done by Luo Feng during this treasure exchange, the 2 decided to let Luo Feng decide.

“A level 5 good genetic energy weapon.” Luo Feng said.

“Just 1?”Hong and Thunder god looked at him.

“Right, just one is enough. This one…in terms of price, even with Lord Ming Yu’s entire fortune, he would still have a hard time purchasing this.” Luo Feng, with Babata’s guidance, was very clear on which weapon and their prices, even though the thunder stone exchange price for this weapon wasn’t that much higher than the ‘Fire wheel’, the worst weapon they had.

However, in terms of price it was tens of times higher.

Ming Yu, a domain lord, even if he was strong amongst the domain lords, would probably not be able to afford it even with his entire fortune.

……

Time passed, the Three Axe Mountain’s explorer survivors were stationed at the ancient city’s flat land. A few strong people began to fly over, taking their men with them. As time passed even more, the number of the army gradually decreased, 70,000, 60,000, 50,000, 40,000…

“Luo Feng!”

“Haha, I’ve finally found you four. This is truly a joyous occasion, haha.” That carefree laughter resounded, a tall and sturdy Ming Yu floated in mid air.

Luo Feng’s 4 man team long with 200 others flew towards Ming Yu.

“Lord.” The 200 explorers slightly bowed.

Luo Feng’s team of four stood together and bowed respectfully as well.” Lord Ming Yu.”

“Very well, let’s go over to my villa and have a rest.” Ming Yu brought Luo Feng’s group along with another 200 adventurers along and swiftly left.

About 20km away from the flat land, outside the ancient city.

An old department store penthouse, Nuolan shan was looking at the flat land through a window, the moment he saw Luo Feng leave with Ming Yu, his expression changed greatly, “Not good! I didn’t expect Luo Feng to actually be under someone like Lord Ming Yu, and from the looks of it, Ming Yu treats him well too.”

“Killing him…is going to be hard!” Nuolan Shan violently smashed the bamboo beside him, CHI CHI, it crumbled into pieces.

An elegant construct, a beautiful villa on a grass land, the 200 explorers had long been sent off.

Luo Feng and his team of 4 sat with Ming Yu around a table.

Being brought over by Ming Yu, Luo Feng was somewhat disappointed…after waiting there for so long, they never got to see any sector lords! The sector lords all sent people over to bring the explorer army over, none of them personally came.

“Speaking of which, this trip was indeed a pity. I sent a soldier called Bendi who actually broke through to the universe level to get me a treasure. However even though he got the lowest priced treasure, it was still an expensive treasure.” Ming Yu shook his head and sighed, “Who’d expect along the way he’d run into the army of the 9th prince and have his treasure taken from him.”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god exchanged glances.

This Lord Ming Yu was indeed unlucky.

“So how were your earnings from this world within a world?” Ming Yu looked at them.

“We exchanged for one treasure.” Luo Feng smiled as he looked at Ming Yu.

Ming Yu’s eyes sharpened, immediately lighting up as he looked at them.

“What treasure?” Ming Yu was anxious and anticipating.

Luo Feng’s thoughts moved and immediately a 3m long broadsword floated in mid air, on its surface were extremely complicated engravings, the peculiar engravings gave off an aura that made people’s hearts palpitate, the space around it seemed to tremor.

An incredibly huge and powerful aura, it made Luo Feng and his team’s face go pale.

“Lord Ming Yu, this is the level 5 genetic energy weapon Air Cutter knife.” Luo Feng said.

“Good, good, good.” Ming Yu’s eyes burned with intensity, staring hard at the air cutter knife.

Treasure!

Compared to the treasure that his underling Bendi acquired, it was even more valuable! This air cutter knife, was an incredibly expensive weapon.

After all amongst the level 3 weapons, the highest grade cost a few hundred billion, the lowest costing a billion black dragon dollars, a difference of a hundred times! One theory…the price difference for a level 5 genetic energy weapon was even more crazy. That fire wheel belonged to the lowest grade, while this air cutter knife was actually close to the top. Just one was enough to get a few tens of fire wheels.

“Luo Feng, this present of yours sure is big.” Ming Yu’s expression was complicated, looking at Luo Feng and his team, “Do you know the price of this present of yours?”

“An astronomical price!”

Luo Feng smiled, “It’s a price we are unable to even imagine, I only know that.”

“Right, astronomical! Even all of my wealth together doesn’t come close to its price” Ming Yu looked at Luo Feng, “I said before, I won’t mistreat you! State, any requests!”

“I want to kill a man.” Luo Feng said.

“Kill someone, what’s his power? Domain lord level what?” Ming Yu creased his eyebrows.

“Universe level 9.” Luo Feng said.

“Haha…”Ming Yu laughed, universe level 9? To him, that was simply too easy.

“Killing 10 of them would still be far below this air cutter knife you’ve given me.”

“How about this.” Ming Yu thought for awhile, “I’ll give 1/3 of my territory to you! No…that may invite trouble and people to watch you. Okay, I’ll give 100,000 life planets, from today on, to you to have half the rights, the other half remaining with me. However you can govern all the normal affairs, the earnings from the planets, the soldiers, I don’t care.”

“As for cash…” Ming Yu thought about it.


Chapter 363: The Appearance of a Sector Lord

“Lord Mingyu.” Luo Feng said, “I’m just a star level, having so much property and money is useless!”

Mingyu looked at Luo Feng, that iron rigid face revealed a smile, “Luo Feng, too much wealth and property, indeed you cannot use it now. However…I as a domain lord, how can I just receive your goodwill like this? What’s more having a few properties and being the leader of these planets has it’s advantages. How about lesser property, 10,000 life planets?”

“Hm…just 100 life planets.” Luo Feng nodded.

Having more planets as property wasn’t really useful to Luo Feng. Getting a 100 of them as his own was just customary.

“Alright, then a 100 planets, with a 100 life planets as property, it won’t be too eye catching in the universe, you won’t gain any attention from the bigger powers.” Mingyu smiled, “As for cash, I really don’t have much cash now…far from the price of this air cutter blade.”

“Lord Mingyu, just give whatever. We three brothers have had a big enough earning.” Luo Feng was very clear that he shouldn’t be too greedy.

Otherwise the moment he got one the bad side of the other person, that would mean trouble.

What’s more…

He had acquired many treasures this time, this air cutter blade alone wasn’t even a 10th of his other treasures combined, it didn’t mean much.

“Give me your account number.” Mingyu said.

“Yes.” Luo Feng told him his universe galaxy bank’s account number.

“Tsk tsk, universe galaxy bank. You have some money too.” Mingyu smiled, at the same time sending a part of his consciousness into the virtual universe network and engaging in the transfer procedures.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God were secretly guessing just how much this Lord Mingyu would transfer over.

“Luo Feng, you’ve received a mail.” Babata said.

“Open.”

Luo Feng swiftly closed his eyes, his consciousness entering the virtual universe network and allowing Babata to open the mail, it was a notification from the universe galaxy bank…

“Respected customer, how do you do.

Your account with us has just received a transfer of 20 billion universe dollars, since your account has reached the 10 billion universe dollar margin, it automatically rose to a 2 star account. You will also automatically become a respected 2 star client. As a star client, you will receive several special privileges.

At the bottom of the mail, there was a list of the special privileges and their explanations.

Universe galaxy bank.”

A very simple letter, however it really shocked Luo Feng. Back on Jade rock star, Luo Feng already knew the meaning of a one star account. And back then the 2 universe mercenaries were only 1 star clients. Obviously being able to become a one star client alone was a very hard thing to achieve.

“So, once one saves 10 billion universe dollars he automatically becomes a 2 star client?”

“10 billion universe dollars, 1 universe dollar was akin to about 3300 ganwu dollars, 10 billion universe dollars, equated to about 33 trillion ganwu dollars.”

“1 planet’s price range is usually 1 trillion black dragon dollars, or 7 hundred million ganwu dollars. That means that 10 billion universe dollars is close to about 50,000 life planets.

With that thought, Luo Feng was shocked.

The domain lord Ming Yu just gave him cash, cash akin to tens of thousands of life planets! To the domain lords, even that was a pretty huge sum.

Within the villa.

“Lord Mingyu.” Luo Feng stood up.

“Sit, sit.” Mingyu waved his hand downwards, Luo Feng suddenly felt a formless energy pressing on his shoulders, he couldn’t even resist, allowing himself to sit back down.

“Don’t think I’ve given you a lot.” Mingyu shook his head, his eyes with a sense of laughter and goodwill, “I haven’t you given you much at all, if you were to give something like the fire wheel, then what I’ve given would have been considered much. However, you gave me an air cutter blade, if I gave you too little, I would feel guilty, and I’d feel like I owed you…it would affect my training.”

“Poof!”

The space around slightly tremored.

Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God and Ao Go were all shocked, another person had suddenly popped up within the quiet villa, a tall and skinny cold looking man with 2 horns on his forehead, his black cape drifting in the wind, his eyes gazed over, it seemed also though both the land and skies were all within his field of vision.

“Lord general.” Mingyu stood up and bowed respectfully, at the same time communicating to Luo Feng’s group, “This is one of the sector lords from the 3 axe mountain.”

“Sector lord.” Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God and Ao Gu quickly bowed.

Sector lord?

They had never personally seen a living sector lord.

Luo Feng couldn’t resist sneaking a glance at the sector lord, his aura wasn’t very strong but his eyes made one’s heart palpitate with fear.

“Mingyu, your luck is not bad.” The tall and skinny man stood there, his legs slightly floating in mid air, looking at Mingyu.

“Hehe.” Mingyu revealed a simple and honest smile.

“Air cutter blade, I’m buying it.” The tall and skinny man said, “This knife suits me well.”

“Level 5 genetic energy weapon, I’m unable to fully unleash its power.” Mingyu smiled, “To be able to let the general use it is my honor.” Following which, Mingyu handed over the storage ring, retrieving the air cutter blade which he had just gotten himself, that thick knife floated directly towards the tall and skinny man.

The tall and skinny man extended his arm and received the air cutter blade, his eyes gleaming!

Chi! Chi!

Two beams of golden light shot out from his eyes onto the surface of the blade, the peculiar engravings on the blade made his eyes glow even more.

“Good blade.” The tall and skinny man gestured with the air cutter blade, swinging towards the sky.

Hua!

The clear blue sky became almost like a piece of cloth, immediately a rip of about 2 to 3 km long was sliced through, extremely sharp and clean! The crack could be clearly seen for awhile before it started to recover and return to its original state.

“Hahaha…”The extremely cold tall and skinny man finally couldn’t help but laugh out loud.

“Congratulations general.” Mingyu bowed.

“Haha, this is indeed an air cutter blade, My understanding of the space origin is only but a hair’s thick, however with this air cutter blade’s help, my power has been greatly increased.” The tall and skinny man looked at Mingyu, “Mingyu, I’m keeping this, naturally I won’t let you lose out on this deal. I’ve already transferred the money to your account, also…I owe you a favor!”

Sou!

The tall and skinny man immediately vanished.

……

Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God and Ao Gu were still in a trance.

Before, the sector lord had suddenly appeared, taken the air cutter blade, sliced open a tear in space and seemingly vanished.

“Space tear? 2 to 3 km long tear?” Luo Feng was shocked within, “He was actually able to slice a tear into the space? Also… he teleported?”

“He didn’t teleport, but flew. Just that his flying speed is incredibly fast, as for not conjuring up any wind resistance, that’s because of the sector lord’s control of the universe origin.” Babata’s voice resounded.

“Flew? How fast?” Luo Feng asked.

When he left, his speed reached about 32,169km per second.”

Luo Feng blinked a couple of times, lightspeed was but 300,000km per second, and that sector lord earlier, even though he hadn’t unleashed his full speed, he was still able to instantly reach 1 tenth of lightspeed, indeed a power that could easily destroy a planet and all it’s life with a wave of his hand.

Within the villa, the tall and sturdy domain lord Mingyu laughed carefree before standing up.

“Luo Feng, I took the air cutter blade you gave me and sold it at a high price. I really have to thank you.” Mingyu laughed as he looked at Luo Feng, “Speak, who’s the universe level 9 you wanted me to kill before?”

“Nuolan Shan.” Luo Feng said.

Hong and Thunder God too looked at Mingyu anxiously.

“Nuolan Shan?” Mingyu was slightly shocked, his eyebrows creasing, “Him?”

“Is there a problem?” Luo Feng asked.

“A little trouble, but no big problem.” Mingyu shook his head smiling, “He acquired the battle-axe warrior title, hence his chances of breaking through to domain lord is very high. Hence the Hundred Tiger Building has always treated him as an elite, however he hasn’t broken through after so many years, especially now that he’s not too far from his life span ending, plus his status in the Hundred Tiger Building has fallen, it shouldn’t be anything.”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God let out a sigh of relief, the three exchanged glances.

Nuolan Shan…

He had to die!

That way, they could truly find peace.

“Let me take a look, just where on Cang Lan star has he gone.” Mingyu closed his eyes, a formless spirit energy swiftly spread out, covering the entire Cang Lan star while intentionally avoiding the sector lords.

1 second later, Mingyu opened his eyes.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God looked with anticipation.

“He’s not on Cang Lan star.” Mingyu shook his head.

“Not here?” Luo Feng and the other 2 were shocked.

“I’ve already checked the entire Cang Lan star, he’s indeed not here now.” Mingyu said apologetically, “My apologies…if I ever meet him next time, I’ll definitely kill him and fulfill my promise.”

“It’s not the fault of Lord Mingyu, that Nuolan Shan just got lucky.” Luo Feng said, feeling regretful.

Such a good chance and they didn’t manage to kill Nuolan Shan!

If they could kill him with this one blow, then this entire world within a world trip would have been perfect.

Within the dark universe.

A universe ship was swiftly flying, within the control room.

“Teacher, we are returning so quickly, there are so many strong people on Cang Lan Star, such a rare gathering, wouldn’t it be better to stay awhile longer?” two universe warriors stood beside, checking the records on just how Mingyu and Luo Feng were connected.

The 2 universe level warriors shook their heads.

“I’ve asked around, no one knows.”

“Me too, no one has heard of Lord Mingyu having anyone important under him named Luo Feng.”

Nuolan Shan’s face was ashen while listening to his disciple’s replies.

“This Luo Feng knew that I wanted to kill him, hence he made a good relationship with Lord Mingyu. He would most likely ask Lord Mingyu to kill me.” Nuolan Shan thought, “And Lord Mingyu and I aren’t from the same organization, he wouldn’t even think twice…no matter, it’s better that I leave Cang Lan star earlier.”

Ever since he discovered Luo Feng and his group leaving with Mingyu, Nuolan Shan hadn’t been able to relax.

Following which, he immediately took his ship and left Cang Lan Star!


Chapter 364: Inheritance Crystal

Since they couldn’t kill Nuolan Shan, Luo Feng and the other three could only regretfully leave. They first went to the Universe Mercenary Alliance to hand in the items to pass the ‘mercenary trainee exam’. Even though they didn’t receive enough ‘wind corner stones’, Luo Feng and the others killed a bunch of teams that tried to rob them in the world within a world. From the items those teams left behind, they received some wind corner stones.

“Universe mercenary trainee! We’ve become mercenary trainees, haha…..”

“The number of powerful fighters on Cang Lan star are as numerous as the clouds, let’s leave earlier”

“Alright, depart to earth”

Luo Feng and the others swiftly headed towards the port, retrieved their universe spaceship, and departed Cang Lan star.

“10, 9, 8, 7, 6….. 3, 2, 1! Pass through the universe!”

After slightly shaking for a moment, the spaceship started to maintain a speed of 1.2x the speed of light in Dark Space as it headed towards the appointed direction.

In the control room of the spaceship, Luo Feng arranged for his old servant Ao Gu to rest. Luo Feng, Hong, and Thunder God were extremely excited as they stayed in the control room.

“Same rules as always, big brother, second brother, each of you get four billion universe dollars” Luo Feng and the others were currently dividing the spoils.

“Third brother” Hong shook his head, “This time, you did all the work. All your second brother and I did was experience the world within a world, accepting this amount of cash is just…..”

Thunder God also shook his head: “Way way too much. We don’t even need that much anyway”

Yet, Luo Feng didn’t hesitate as he directly sent four billion universe dollars to Hong and Thunder God. Hong and Thunder God both received mail from the virtual universe network.

“Big brother, second brother, this amount of money is nothing. Our main wealth is those treasures” smiled Luo Feng.

“Yeah” Hong nodded.

“Just a single air cutter blade is worth so much, then all these treasures added together…..” Thunder God’s eyes were flashing.

“Oh yeah. Second brother, your thunder instruction manual set, a total of five sets” with a flip of his hand, the five mini quantum computers started hovering on top of Luo Feng’s hand. After that, these five mini quantum computers fell to the ground, “Second brother, each of these mini quantum computers contains a thunder instruction manual. You can study them carefully”

“Sector Lord Kabu’s instruction manual?” Thunder God bent down and took out all the ‘chips’ of the five mini quantum computers and then plugged one into his own mini quantum computer.

“Feels great”

Thunder God was so excited his face turned red. He closed his eyes as he started to study the instruction manual.

In the control room, Thunder God was looking through the thunder instruction manuals while Luo Feng and Hong talked with each other.

“Third brother” Hong said seriously in a low voice, “The prices of the other treasures added together are extremely valuable, even more valuable than the air cutter knife. How are you preparing to deal with them?”

“Sell them” said Luo Feng.

“How?” frowned Hong, “These treasures are too valuable and will probably attract super powerful fighters. Perhaps not only will we not be able to earn any money from selling them, we’ll give out our lives in the process”

Luo Feng nodded as he smiled, “I understand that concept, but, I have a way”

“A way? What way” asked Hong curiously.

“I’ll keep that a secret for now” smiled Luo Feng mysteriously.

In truth, all these treasures added together are worth way more than all the property of a sector lord! More valuable than ‘Eternal Love’. Taking treasures like these out….. with Luo Feng’s star level strength, it is indeed hard to deal with. If he’s not careful, he’ll bring disaster upon himself as powerful fighters realize what is in Luo Feng’s possession.

If it was back when he just arrived at Cang Lan star, then Luo Feng would indeed have no method of dealing with these treasures. But now, Luo Feng already has a way to deal with them, and in a very, very safe manner also!

…..

Dark Space was extremely quiet. Around 21 days was required to go from Cang Lan star to Earth.

In the control room, after Luo Feng and Hong chatted for quite a while, they suddenly noticed Thunder God widely opening his eyes.

“Second brother?” Hong smiled as he looked at him, “Why are your eyes opened so wide?”

“I didn’t see such a dumbfounded look on your face even after we received so many treasures, second brother” Luo Feng also joked.

Thunder God blinked twice and looked towards Hong and Luo Feng, “Big brother, thirdie, I need to tell you guys something”

“Hm?” Luo Feng and Thunder God exchanged glances. Something wasn’t right!

“What happened?” Hong looked at Thunder God.

Thunder God mumbled: “Didn’t thirdie say that he received the inheritance of Yun Mo Planet. I seemed to have….. received the inheritance of sector lord Kabu”

“Hm?” Luo Feng and Hong widened their eyes.

Inheritance?

Receiving an instruction manual versus receiving an inheritance are two completely different ideas.

“I just swiftly browsed through those five instruction manual sets and plugged in the five different chips” said Thunder God lowly, “Four of the instruction manual sets are actual instruction manuals. However, the chip of the fifth instruction manual actually contained an AI! And……. it, it, it……”

“An AI?” Luo Feng and Hong realized something.

“It’s that white bearded old man” Thunder God blinked twice, “He even congratulated me saying that I became sector lord Kabu’s student”

“Lord Wu?” Luo Feng froze.

The main entity of that messed up living AI ‘Lord Wu’ is actually in one of those five chips? Sector Lord Kabu’s student?

How come this scene seems so similar to the scene where he became the student of ‘Yun Mo Planet’s master Hu Yan Bo’?

However, his teacher is Yun Mo Planet’s master ‘Hu Yan Bo’.

And Thunder God became the student of sector lord Kabu who has already passed away?

“I bought five sets of instruction manuals but ended up buying second brother a teacher?” Luo Feng was speechless.

…..

World within a world.

After the huge adventurer army completely left, a few internal members of the Universe Mercenary Alliance– a sector lord and two domain lords, entered the world within a world and arrived in front of the ancient castle.

“RUMBLE~~”

The ancient castle collapsed with a rumble.

“My lord, there are no treasures inside the castle” an extremely fat bearded man with pink skin who seemed like a ball yelled respectfully.

“My lord, the AI inside this castle is just a regular AI and not a living AI. The white bearded old man living AI in the castle must be on one of the adventurers in the adventurer army and left the world within a world” said the other skinny bearded man.

The sector lord in the black battle uniform set hovered in midair as he frowned: “If so, then whatever. The world within a world itself is a treasure! Contact the Universe Mercenary Alliance in the Black Dragon Mountain sector! The Thunder World will stop being the examination world…… I need to redesign this world within a world. This world within a world can entirely become a secret location for our alliance to train our men”

“Yes, my lord” said the two domain lords respectfully.

The black clothed sector lord hovered in midair. Suddenly, he extended both hands–

RUMBLE~~~

All of a sudden, the sky turned black. The powerful source energy of the universe constantly streamed from the core of the world within a world. This world within a world began its new renovation! Only a sector lord is able to execute such a task.

…..

Cang Lan star, an old city, top floor of the skyscraper that was over 8,000 meters tall.

The two sector lords Hargrey and Jiang Tian Chen sat face to face.

“Jiang Tian Chen, here’s what you want” Hargrey mindlessly tossed a flashing spatial storage ring which drew an arc as it landed towards Jiang Tian Chen in front of him. Jiang Tian Chen smiled as he extended his hand to catch it: “Hargrey, you sure are a good business partner. Here’s the final password to the inheritance crystal” Jiang Tian Chen directly sent an email to Hargrey via the virtual universe network.

Hargrey also immediately received it and knew that it contained the final password.

As a sector lord, it is very easy to divide a bit of his consciousness to deal with it.

“You won’t send a fake password will you” Hargrey’s eyes glowed as they scanned across Jiang Tian Chen.

“I’m not so shameless” Jiang Tian Chen smiled lightly, “Hargrey, you can go to the Universe First Bank right now to try and see if you can take out the ‘stored inheritance crystal’”

Hargrey directly stood up.

Whoosh!

He vanished into thin air.

……

In just a second, on the other end of Cang Lan star in a dreamy city, Hargrey has already entered the Universe First Bank’s extremely conspicuous building.

“Three star customer?” the manager of the Universe First Bank branch of Cang Lan star was a three eyed, hunchback old man with a shell on his back. Right when the AI system of the bank alerted him that a three star customer has arrived at the bank, the branch manager rushed to the first floor’s lobby as fast as possible to welcome him.

A moment later, the lobby of the 19th floor of the building.

“Mr. Hargrey” the branch manager bowed respectfully. Since he was able to become a branch manager on an important planet like Cang Lan star, he has a lot of authority. His authority allows him to assist, at best, three star customers.

“I want to retrieve an item” said Hargrey coldly.

“Retrieve an item?” the branch manager was confused. This Hargrey never stored anything at this location.

“An item from 10 million years ago” added Hargrey.

“Mr. Hargrey, an item from 10 million years ago must have been transported to the ‘Ganwu Universe Branch’ for storage” smiled the branch manager, “As long as Mr. Hargrey successfully gives the correct account number and password, we will bring the item from the Ganwu universe and bring it to the customer’s appointed location as fast as possible”

Hargrey slightly nodded: “The account is…..”

Hargrey swiftly gave the account number.

“The security of this account is extremely high, three passwords are needed” the branch manager helped input the numbers on the side.

“The first password is…..”

“Correct” said the branch manager on the side.

“The second password is…..” continued Hargrey.

“Correct”

“The third password is…..”

“Correct” said the branch manager.

“BEEP!”

The branch manager smiled as he looked at Hargrey: “Mr. Hargrey, in just a moment, the bank’s system will quickly give you the detailed information. However, from my experience, it will take about a month to transport something from the Ganwu universe”

“Okay” Hargrey held his breath from excitement.

He spent a lot of time and effort to get this inheritance crystal, especially for the last password. Jiang Tian Chen took a lot of his treasures away in the process of getting the last password.

“Hm?” the branch manager’s face suddenly changed as he looked at the screen beside him.

“What?” Hargrey looked at him.

“Mr. Hargrey, I think, there will not be a need to transport anything from the Ganwu universe” the branch manager looked towards him.

“Hm?” Hargrey frowned.

“The stored item, is a recording” said the branch manager.

“You leave first”

Hargrey ferociously waved his hand.

“Yes” the branch manager left the room.

Hargrey stood in front of the monitor. An audio file appeared on the display. Hargrey’s face was sullen as he tapped on the screen. In a moment, the audio file which has been stored for 10 million years started to play: “I’m extremely ecstatic to notify you, you’ve….. been duped! Hahaha, so how does it feel, you mad? Did you sacrifice a lot for the three passwords? HAHAHA, I definitely won’t give the three passwords to the same organization. I made you guys work like mad crazy for them and then ruined everything for you in the end. LOL~~”

Hargrey fiercely clenched his teeth.

“PA!” with a furious wave of his hand, Hargrey smashed the monitor in front of him into pieces.

“Three star customer, you destroyed the property of our bank. Please pay according to the price our company supplies” an electronic sound reverberated around the room.

Hargrey was extremely enraged.

“DIE!!!” with a furious burst, Hargrey’s powerful aura started to emanate and cause the various items in the lobby to blow up. Huge amounts of shattered pieces and dust emanated around the room.

“THE INHERITANCE CRYSTAL, JUST WHERE IS IT?” in the dust, Hargrey clenched his teeth.


Chapter 365: Dealing with the treasures

The entire excavation of the world within a world on Cang Lan star had left the entire Black Dragon Mountain starfield in a state of unrest.

“Have you heard, recently there was a star traveller level idiot on Rockna star that took out a heavenly priced treasure to sell. And later it was taken away by a universe level warrior, however…that universe level warrior not only lost his life later because of this treasure, but his entire family too was razed to the ground!”

“A universe level warrior lost his life? Family razed to the ground? What treasure was it?”

“I heard that a world within a world was discovered on Cang Lan star recently, this heavenly priced item was one from within. The treasure from the world within a world…those were items that attracted even the four large organizations and two sacred lands to fight for them. Taking anyone of them out would be worth a few tens of thousands of life planets!

“A few tens of thousands of life planets? My god, just how highly priced are they?”

“Anyway right now the entire Black Dragon Mountain star field, many large and small families, organizations, are all closely watching…the moment anyone tries to sell these items, they’ll rush into it.”

“These sorts of heavenly treasures are really scorching to the hand.”

“Still, countless people want them!”

……

Madness.

The many families and organizations within the Black Dragon Mountain star field had gone mad, one had to know that the largest power within the Black Dragon Mountain star field, the 16 large families, was first created by 16 sector lords. This means…that in the Black Dragon Mountain starfield, the sector lord’s power was the highest, the other large and small organizations, having a domain lord warrior was considered not bad already.

And the treasures from the world within a world, any one of them, had terrifying enticing powers towards any domain lords.

So…

Occasionally 1 or 2 treasures leaking out, drawing the attention of the various powers, that wasn’t strange at all.

“Those star levels, they don’t have any good routes to sell at all, the moment they try and take the treasures out they’d be easily discovered. Watch closely for me, watch carefully at every important planet within the Black Dragon Mountain starfield! The moment anyone tries to sell these heavenly items, immediately report to me.”

“Yes, president.”

These treasures were scorching, without the power or route to sell them, they would bring only tragedy to oneself! And these treasures were so valuable…that even universe level warriors who wanted them, could still easily lose their lives in the process.

……

Within the dark universe, Luo Feng’s little team sat on the universe ship and continued on their journey, it was already the 12th day of the flight, they still required about 9 days more to reach earth.

As for the news of star level explorers from the Black Dragon Mountain star field already trying to sell the heavenly items, they didn’t know yet.

Within the resting room of the universe ship.

The resting room was sorted out like a study, with a desk and chair, there was even a very comfortable bed beside.

“It’s time to deal with these treasures, they are really dangerous to have.” Luo Feng sat at the chair, opening the laptop on the table, this was a product of earth, there was no way around it, Luo Feng was used to earth’s lousier models, “The treasures I exchanged for, along with what the cloud contact vine stole, there’s a total of 48 of them.”

48 treasures!

There were some cheaper than the air cutter knife, while others more expensive than it. An air cutter knife alone was enough to make the domain lord Mingyu extremely excited…even to the point where a sector lord bought it immediately.

These 48 treasures added together, could probably match up to the wealth of a sector lord altogether.

As for the dead Sector lord Kabu, that was the wealth level of a poorer undying. The entire 312 items, Luo Feng only acquired 49 (1 given to Mingyu), one could see how big an earning Luo Feng had acquired!

“Connect to the virtual universe network.” Luo Feng closed his eyes, his consciousness connecting straight to the network.

……

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain island 9 star bay.

When Luo Feng appeared before his own house’s door, there was Luo Hua walking about casually, his eyes gleamed, shouting, Big brother!”

“Luo Hua, what’s the matter?” Luo Feng smiled as he looked at his little brother.

“I wanted to look for you earlier, however I didn’t get the chance to meet you.” Luo Hua pulled him, “Big brother, sit here, I have important matters to tell you.”

“Hm?” Luo Feng sat time, looking curiously at his brother.

“It’s like that.” Luo Hua explained, “The earth’s 5 governments have discussed and they really want to enter the universe, making contact with some of the people within the universe.”

“Can’t they enter the virtual universe?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, “In the virtual universe, they can communicate with other people.”

“No…they want to make contact in reality.” Luo Hua said.

“Reality?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows even more.

Luo Hua saw the situation and said helplessly, “Big brother, don’t you know how the countries on earth are? They were initially satisfied with being able to enter the virtual universe, however as time passed, their ambitions got bigger. This ambition cannot be controlled, if you let them enter the real universe now, they might request for more after!”

Man’s ambition, could never be quelled. Once he had something good, he would naturally want something better.

“No problem, allow them.” Luo Feng said seriously.

“Allow them?” Luo Hua was so shocked he stared wide eyed.

“Right.” Luo Feng nodded, “Even though earth is very safe, we cannot let the humans of earth just stay on there forever. It’s time to let them make contact with the universe…let them go through some hardship and adversities, only then will they realize how the humans of earth are going to survive within the universe.”

Luo Hua was suspicious, “But brother, which planet can they go to? Will those planet management people agree to a large scale immigration?”

“If those people don’t agree, I’ll just have to buy the planet!” Luo Feng smiled, “What’s more, I have 100 life planets under my name, as a leader, the immigration would definitely be much easier.”

“100?” Luo Hua stared wide eyed, “Big brother, you…”

“I’ll tell you when I return.” Luo Feng smiled and stood up, “As for the humans of earth wanting to move to the universe…I’ll discuss with them when I get back. Oh, we’ll end it here today, I still have matters to attend to.”

“Ok.” Luo Hua stood up too.

“Di!”

“Mail?” Luo Hua curiously opened the mail, this was a notification from the bank, they informed him that his account had a transfer of 4 billion universe dollars.

“4 billion universe dollars?” Luo Hua was shocked.

“That’s for you, good luck and work hard.” Luo Feng’s voice could be heard in the distance.

Luo Hua looked up, the distant Luo Feng was already walking out of the 9 stay bay district, looking at his back, Luo Hua felt extremely shocked, “What has my brother been up to these few days, how did he get 4 billion universe dollars to give me so quickly, and these are universe dollars, even more valuable than ganwu dollars!”

At the entrance of the 9 star bay district, Luo Feng waved his hand in the air.

Immediately, a carriage pulled by 2 horses with wings descended, Luo Feng jumped up into the carriage and sat.

“Sir, where to?” The chauffeur asked.

“To the universe galaxy bank.” Luo Feng said.

Immediately, the wings of the horses flapped and the carriage swiftly rose into the air, flying with shocking speed, the carriage however remained steady and comfortable in the breeze.

In the virtual universe, usually distant places were travelled to using coordinates delivery, closer places were travelled to with these carriages, that was because everybody’s body structure was comparable to a student level 4 in the virtual universe, hence they were unable to fly and movement was fast, hence relying on these flying horse was much faster.

Of course…

Sitting in these carriages required money!

“So beautiful.” Sitting in the carriage, looking down on the enormous Black Dragon Mountain island, it was indeed magnificent.

“What’s that.” Luo Feng looked shocked at the sky.

Among the clouds, there was a floating city, and as it floated way high up in the skies, if one were standing on the ground below, he wouldn’t be able to spot it with the naked eye. Only when sitting and flying in these carriages would one be able to see through the clouds the faintly discernible city.

“Floating city.” The chauffeur laughed, “Our Black Dragon Mountain’s floating city. Every island, every continent has a floating city.”

“Floating city?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Usually only larger powers or at least universe level warriors had the rights to enter the floating city.” The chauffeur laughed and explained to Luo Feng as he controlled the flying horses, “Sir, we’ve arrived at the universe galaxy bank.”

Hu!

The flying horses rushed downwards and their wings gently flapped, their four hooves floating in mid air, gently landing at the entrance of the universe galaxy bank.

“Thanks.” Luo Feng laughed as he got off, the carriage swiftly rushed towards the skies again, the fees were automatically deducted from the person’s account.

Virtual universe Black Dragon Mountain island, universe galaxy bank.

“Welcome.”

Luo Feng stepped into the bank, heading straight to the side self service path and entered, following which he entered into a self service booth room.

Entering into the private room.

“Please enter your account.” The automated voice sounded.

Luo Feng swiftly entered, this was his teacher’s 5 star account, immediately the signal within the room scanned Luo Feng and as Luo Feng had once withdrawn money on Jade rock star before, it had already left a basic record.

“Pass code authorized.”

“User authorized.”

Rumble!

What was originally a normal room immediately transformed into a luxurious room, an extremely beautiful female AI stood beside, respectfully saying, “Respected 5 star client, how do you do, I am AI #008231, here to service you.”

“How do you do.” Luo Feng smiled as he looked at the female AI, secretly happy.

Everything was going according to how Babata had mentioned…

As he had successfully opened the 5 star account before, he was already regarded as a 5 star client in the universe galaxy bank. One had to know…Luo Feng had acquired 20 billion universe dollars from Mingyu, this was more than many domain lords’ entire wealth. However he had only become a 2 star client then.

5 star client, how high was that? This universe galaxy bank, as a 5 star client, had many very detailed services.

Of course…

These services required money too!

“I need to deal with a few items.” Luo Feng looked at the female AI before him.

The female AI gently bowed, “Respected 5 star client, our universe galaxy bank has ‘item selling’ services, we have many many routes and networks to sell off any items in the vast universe, in all of the universe countries. We can definitely help you sell them off in the shortest amount of time possible, we only require a thousandth of the deal.”

Luo Feng laughed.

This was how a 5 star client was treated, selling off these dangerous and scorching items was just that simple.


Chapter 366: Increase in Wealth

“Other than the goods selling services, our universe galaxy bank also has the goods buying services, however our purchasing prices are based off of the normal prices.” The female robotic voice was clear and crisp, she smiled and was incomparably respectful.

“I pick the goods selling services.” Luo Feng said.

Even though the selling services required the thousandth commission fee, the selling prices were usually not bad, even giving away the commission would still far exceed the original buying price of the bank. Beside him was the experienced and knowledgeable Babata, making sure Luo Feng wouldn’t make any losses.

“These are the 48 items I need to sell.” Luo Feng swiftly processed through his AI Babata, passing along the detailed information of the 48 treasures to the female AI.

“48 items, our universe galaxy bank can immediately begin posting and selling through the virtual universe.” The female AI smiled, “Please confirm…the location of these 48 items and the time of transfer to our bank.”

“Ganwu star sector, Black Dragon Mountain starfield, Milky way’s Bai Lan star.” Luo Feng reported the details and time.

The time was 8 days from now, after he reaches Bai Lan Star.

“Time and location confirmed.” The female AI smiled, “Please sign the selling release form.”

A contract floated before Luo Feng.

It was very detailed, including both parties’ responsibilities and liabilities, along with the violation penalties etc…

“Di.”

“The selling release form has been completed.” The female AI smiled, “Respected 5 star client, is there anything else I can help you with.”

“Nothing.” Luo Feng laughed as he stood up and turned towards the entrance, leaving immediately.

Rumble!

The luxurious room immediately vanished and returned to its original self service booth.

5 star clients, as the most absolute and important clients of the universe galaxy bank, the bank had made many privileges and services available for only them.

However, since they were services, they required money too.

However in the universe, if one didn’t have a proper route, even if one had money, one couldn’t do certain things. For example, selling these 48 treasures…if he tried to sell them in the Black Dragon Mountain star field, it would simply result in chaos. However through the universe galaxy bank, he could sell within many large universe countries without creating any commotion for himself.

48 treasures, they could just about reach up to 10 or 20% of sector lord Kabu’s entire wealth.

However sector lord Kabu, compared to the Yun Mo planet’s master, was incomparably poor.

……

After 7 months, Luo Feng and his brothers returned to Bai Lan star… a life planet very close to earth.

Luo Feng and his group spent 3 months within the world of thunder. In the world within a world, first excavating for universe crystals and later for thunder stones for a month, after which battling for another 1.5 months. Including the time returning to Cang Lan star from the world within a world and later from Cang Lan star to earth…

It was about 7 months in all.

Year 2063, Mid april, Luo Feng left earth.

China time, Year 2063 November 16 1.16pm, a universe ship entered Bai Lan star.

Within the ship’s control room, Luo Feng and his brothers surveyed the warehouse below, in front of the warehouses was an exquisite and beautiful universe ship with the universe galaxy bank logo, it was streamlined shape and gave off an incomparably dreamy feeling.

“Thirdie, the deal with those treasures, just that simple?” Thunder God looked at the ship below.

“Right, just that simple, I just have to pass the treasures to them and it’s over.” Luo Feng smiled.

“They won’t kill and rob?” Thunder God looked uneasily at the ship below.

“Haha…” Luo Feng laughed, “2nd brother, this is the universe galaxy bank, and you’ve seen that ship, it’s a grade 3 ship…this represents incredible wealth! For entities like the universe galaxy bank, the universe 1st bank, these 2 super large banks, they emphasize trust the most.”

“Even with items thousands and and tens of thousands of times more expensive than our 48 treasures, they wouldn’t even blink an eye. Don’t be petty. What’s more…when I go make the deal, the entire scene will be recorded by the bank’s AI system, those bank workers wouldn’t dare kill and rob us.” Luo Feng smiled, “The moment they dare betray us, they would simply go ‘pop’ and explode!”

During their conversation, the ship landed on the surface.

Hua!

The cabin door opened, Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder God and Ao Gu jumped out, immediately flying straight towards the dreamy looking ship, the door on the streamlined ship opened and 3 men in universe galaxy bank uniforms stood there, one of which was a domain lord, the other 2 were also universe level!

“Sir, please pass your goods to me.” The domain lord smiled humbly and respectfully, even though he could see easily that the ones before him were only star levels…

However, the level of this deal was extremely high, and every move he made was being recorded by the bank’s AI system, hence he had to act according to the bank’s requests…humble and full of respect, and he had to smile!

“These are the goods.” Luo Feng passed over a storage ring.

“Chi!”

A dreamy blur beam of light shot out from the universe ship onto the storage ring, within a second, a voice resounded, “Goods confirmed.”

“Sir, the deal is a success, thank you for your support of the universe galaxy bank.” The domain lord bowed slightly, his face slightly twitching.

A domain lord bowing to a few star levels?

“Haha, then I won’t send you, we’ll be leaving.” Luo Feng laughed and turned to go.

The domain lord and 2 universe levels returned to their ship, within the ship, their expressions were strange and puzzled.

“It was actually a few star levels dealing with us, what a joke!”

“We even had to bow to them earlier! How uncomfortable.” The 2 universe levels were incredibly dissatisfied, the domain lord beside them creased his green eyebrows, “Our service level is incredibly high, usually we deal with undying beings. Occasionally we deal with sector lords. This time we actually dealt with some star level punks… however they may be from some ultra large families or even disciples of some super power.”

The other 2 universe levels nodded.

Right.

Their teams’ dealings were usually with much higher leveled customers. All either 4 star or 5 star clients, and under normal circumstances, 4 star clients were normally undying or lucky sector lords who struck windfalls. As for 5 star clients, those were without a doubt super powerful beings that could easily shake and tremor countless galaxies.

“Whining about it for a bit is okay, but never reveal any bit of information about the client, otherwise we’ll be dealt with by the bank, don’t say I didn’t warn you.” The green haired domain lord exclaimed.

“Yes sir.”

The 2 universe levels complied.

After Luo Feng and his team had finished the deal on Bai Lan star, they sat in the universe ship and left, engaging in universe travel heading towards their home, Earth!

Within the control room.

“Hahaha, a domain lord bowing to us?” Thunder God laughed satisfied.

“Unbelievable.” Hong exclaimed.

“1st and 2nd brother.” Luo Feng laughed as he looked at them, “The money has already been transferred to my account, everything according to our old distribution agreement.”

“Stop.”

Thunder God shook his head, “I don’t want it, you gave me the 5 set thunder techniques, just getting that spent a large amount of thunder stones, about 20% of our entire stock. What’s more within that set there was even a living AI, that Old Wu, allowing me to gain the inheritance of sector Lord Kabu, accurately speaking, I’ve had the greatest earnings! Don’t give me anything!”

“What a stroke of luck actually getting sector lord Kabu’s inheritance.” Hong smiled, “That sector lord must have prepared everything for him.”

Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

He himself had acquired an inheritance from his teacher, split into 3 different accounts. What his 2nd brother acquired shouldn’t be too far off.

“Big brother.” Luo Feng looked at Hong.

“I have enough money, if you want to give me anything…get me another life fruit next time.” Hong said, “One life fruit would be about 20%.”

“Life fruit?” Luo Feng nodded.

Life fruit, even though within that world within a world, it required a total of 800,000 thunder stones.

However in reality outside, it was hard to even buy one if one wanted, and if one acquired one, the price was extremely shocking, the 20% he acquired would maybe even be insufficient.

“Very well.” Luo Feng nodded, “Then I’ll first enter the virtual universe network.”

……

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain island 9 star bay.

Luo Feng’s study, a screen was before him.

“So many messages.” Luo Feng sat at the chair, opening the 1st one.

“Respected client, how are you.

Your account with us has just received 1.123 trillion universe dollars, your accounts has passed the 10 mixed element units threshold( 1 mixed element is the highest denominator, each mixed element is equivalent to 1 trillion universe dollars), automatically rising to a 3 star account. You also automatically rise to become our respected 3 star client. As a 3 star client, you have several special privileges.

The bottom of the mail displays the special privileges and their explanations.

Universe Galaxy bank”

The 1st email, was a huge transfer email.

“Over 11 trillion?” Luo Feng looked and held his breath.

11 trillion universe dollars, what concept was that?

Normally within the universe, one galaxy was worth about 100 billion…1 trillion. In other words, Luo Feng’s wealth was equivalent to about tens of galaxies! And a sector lord usually joining any empire would only receive 1 galaxy, of course as long as they worked hard, getting a few of them wasn’t hard.

11 trillion universe dollars, equivalent to tens of galaxies!

It was definitely comparable to a sector lord’s wealth level.

Within the universe, the true forms of currency are mainly 2, one is the universe crystal (universe dollars). These are energy crystals condensed by a sector lord’s power and formed. The other is the undying crystal (Undying dollars). These are special energy crystals condensed by undying and their power of the universe origin sources, they are even more valuable.”

“However, the universe dollars works as currency more within the market and deals, as for the undying dollars, they are used within war and battle equipment, no matter which human race, or other races, they are all unwilling to sell their undying crystals.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind, “As for the ‘mixed element unit’, it’s a large amount used frequently by the superpowers during their deals”

Luo Feng blinked his eyes hard.

Within a blink of an eye he had suddenly become a wealthy person capable of owning tens of galaxies.

“Don’t get excited, this little bit of wealth doesn’t mean much in the vast universe. You are only a 3 star client. In the vast universe, you are only a small shrimp, a few tens of galaxies? Just moderately affluent.” Babata said, “Work and train hard, when you reach the domain lord and inherit your teacher’s 5 star account, you’ll be rich.”


Chapter 367: Record

“Alright, I’m just a little shrimp.” Luo Feng smiled, looking at the screen.

Including the letter he was looking at, there were a total of 7 messages, of which 5 were from the universe galaxy bank, the 6th was from the virtual universe company, the 7th from the Battle-axe Coliseum,

“Di.”

Luo Feng gently tapped the screen, opening the 2nd message.

“Greetings, respected client.

Are you constantly putting large amounts of money into your account and having to withdraw when you need it? I have to remind you that this is an extremely low efficiency way of utilizing your money. As long as you pass it to us to circulate, you will constantly receive increases and rewards, we can guarantee, there’ll be no losses!

As for the rewards, according to the trends, there will be slight differences in the amount every year, our highest record for a user in history has been over 100% before.

Right!

As long as you pass 1 trillion universe dollars for us to handle, 1 year later, it could very likely become 2 trillion universe dollars! Even in bad situations, we can guarantee no losses!

Here are some of the ‘achievements’ randomly picked out by our investment department.

……”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh, raising his finger and gently opening the 3rd.

“Greetings, respected client.

Our team has the greatest planet management skills, do you have a large amount of planet territories, however, they are not giving you enough rewards and earnings? As long as you pass them to us to manage, we will cultivate the highest and most elite warriors, loyal soldiers, at the same time ensuring the earnings of every planet, the efficiency will greatly increase.

Also, we can help set up a sect or a large and strong family…

A sect, family, dynasty, school…

You can pick any plan and allow us help you manage your territory.

……”

Luo Feng read all five messages in one go.

“The 2nd message, is from the universe galaxy bank’s investment department, they want me to allow them to use my money to invest and trade stocks!”

“The 3rd message is a service, saying I can pay to allow them to help manage my planets, helping me cultivate loyal underlings. Also with different plans like a sect, family etc.”

“The 4th, is asking to help me invest and trade in the stock market, the higher the percentage of returns, the greater the risks.”

“The 5th, is just for my relaxation, providing different forms of services!”

Luo Feng shook his head, two of the five above messages were about investment and stock trading, one with a guaranteed no loss policy while the other had uncertain risks, and according to what he understood from his little brother, the financial market in the universe was very dark, the 2 super banks would absorb lots of ordinary people’s money to form a large power and battle the tides.

They normally used ordinary people’s money to specially ‘raise themselves into a sedan chair.’

“Luo Feng, the 6th and 7th mail are important, you should take a look.” Babata said.

“Hmm?” Luo Feng was shocked, very important?”

The 6th mail was from the virtual universe company.

Luo Feng raised his finger and opened it.

“Greetings.

The moment you became a 3 star client, you gained the right to participate in the Ganwu auction. In the universe, several treasures and items belong to an extra high level and grade, and many others are hard to purchase even if one had the money. And the auction our virtual universe company organizes is specially to allow people to be able to purchase such items.

The Ganwu auction is organized once every 3 years.

The lowest requirement to enter the auction is to be a 3 star client in either the Universe 1st bank or the universe galaxy bank.

The next Ganwu auction will be in 2 years, as for the specific details, please look at the attachment below.

Virtual universe company”

Luo Feng looked seriously at the screen before him, the requirements for this Ganwu auction were indeed high, the lowest actually being a 3 star client at either of the 2 super banks! And 3 star clients were normally sector lords, or large wealthy people with great amounts of power.

To allow a group of sector lords to take part in an auction…

“Luo Feng, in the Ganwu auction, there will be many incomparably valuable treasures, like the life fruit, along with some level 5 weapons that only undying could forge, and other high level weapons, all these can be seen at the auction. To the strong, this auction is very important.” Babata reminded, “Only through this auction will you be able to get certain items.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Of course, this is only the most basic auction.”

“The auctions the virtual universe company organizes are split into the basic, middle and high level auctions.”

“The basic auction, the lowest requirement is to be a 3 star client and normal 3 star clients are sector lords.”

“The middle level auction, the lowest requirement is a 4 star client and normal 4 star clients are undying. Hence, the middle level auctions are usually filled with undying participating. Every treasure at the auction…I’m afraid even your entire fortune won’t be enough to buy even one.”

“The high level auctions, the lowest requirement is to be a 5 star client. Hm, these auctions…the ones participating are the large organizations, the leviathans. Or some super powers within the Ganwu universe country or other universe countries, or some super undying’s who work alone. The high level auctions, every treasure is incomparably expensive. However, one high level auction, just the preparation time is usually very long, and the items are what undying would risk everything to get, some trying hard but not getting them, like your teacher…”

Luo Feng was shocked.

His teacher the master of the Yun Mo Planet, lost his life back then for a certain item.

“A 3 star client, within the Black Dragon Mountain star field, is quite impressive.”

“However in the entire universe, it’s just average. As for the auctions, you can only participate in your own empire’s auction, the Ganwu auction. You don’t have the rights to enter others.” Babata said.

Luo Feng nodded.

These auctions had huge requirements, people without background or money wouldn’t even have heard of them. Even the basic auction, the lowest requirement was to be a 3 star client.

“The next ganwu auction will be 2 years and 1 month from now.” Luo Feng secretly anticipated, this level of auction, he definitely had to participate.

Luo Feng sat in his study, finishing up the introduction of the auction, feeling even more anxious, there would indeed be many valuable treasures there.

“The last message is from the Battle-axe Coliseum?” Luo Feng raised his finger and opened it curiously.

This message was a notification.

When he became a 3 star client, he automatically gained the title of bronze member, he could go watch the battles of the Battle-axe Coliseum.

“Battle-axe Coliseum? A membership, is it important?” Luo Feng asked suspiciously.

“The membership himself isn’t, however, the live broadcast of the Battle-axe Coliseum battles are important.” The little devil the size of a huge fist on Luo Feng’s shoulder emphasized, “Every battle the Battle-axe Coliseum organizes are life or death! At least one must die before the battle will end. Hence these battles…are very valuable to watch. They are very important and rewarding to one’s training and realization.”

“Hm?” Luo Feng nodded.

Along with this message came an attachment of the list of the upcoming battles, Luo Feng opened it.

“Death battles within the next 7 days?”

“A total of 6201 battles?” Luo Feng stared wide eyed, “there are 6,118 universe level battles, 82 domain lord battles and 1 sector lord battle.”

Luo Feng took a deep chilly breath.

Within the short span of 7 days, there were so many death battles? And even a sector lord level death battle?

“That’s normal, the Battle-axe Coliseum spreads over every empire in the universe! One empire alone is vast and enormous. With all of them added together, with so many death battles in the next 7 days, that’s normal.” Babata explained, “Look, of these 6201 death battles, the ones belonging to the Ganwu universe are only these 3!”

On the list, the universe death battles, 6,118 of them were arranged according to the number of viewers from highest to lowest.

The most anticipated life and death battle was one where both fighters were at the level 6 stage!

“Universe level 6 stage, so many people spectating?” Luo Feng curiously opened the battle to view the details.

Both of them came from the Desolate Peaks universe country.

One was named Genji and was from the Lu Xiu clan.

The other was Hanks, a slave from a slave owner.

Genji was born on planet Lu Xiu and their living environment is extremely hostile, with many wild beast roaming the land killing weaker and smaller Lu Xiu people, only the strong survived. And the genius of the clan Genji very quickly rose from the planet and reached star traveller level, even star level, arousing the attention of the leaders of the planet. Genji later became an elite soldier of one of the leaders.

He constantly worked hard and his position rose greater, with the leader later giving him more benefits and privileges.

Genji became the leader of the Lu Xiu planet and the hero of the Lu Xiu clan.

However later, the leader angered a large enemy and came under attack, many of the planets he owned including Lu Xiu were robbed away with many Lu Xiu clan people becoming slaves.

Genji worked hard to reach the universe level, after which he sold himself to the Battle-axe Coliseum. The Battle-axe Coliseum bought him over from the original leader, and Genji had to experience 1000 battles within the Battle-axe Coliseum, if he survived, he would recover his freedom.

……

Hanks lived on a very normal planet, leading a normal life.

Many youths on this planet, including the young Hanks was taken by a slave trader forcefully. This slave trader took many slaves and began his hellish training, with many failed subjects being eliminated and sold off as slaves, while the elites continued training…Hanks was one of the elites.

Becoming star level and breaking through to the universe level!

However because of the microchip, he remained a slave! Later on he grew incredibly strong, being sold off as a simple universe level alone wasn’t worth it, hence the slave trader made a deal with him… As long as he could survive through 1000 death battles in the Battle-axe Coliseum, he would be returned his freedom!

This was because the longer one survived within the Battle-axe Coliseum, the higher the appearance fees! And this was much more than simply selling him off.

The slave trader was very clear…only by allowing the slave to truly wish and anticipate his freedom, would he truly unleash his strongest abilities within the battles. Hence he gave him the deal that if he made it through 1000 battles, he would regain his freedom.

……

Genji, 691 wins!

Hanks, 821 wins!

Both universe level 6!

This battle was the highest profile battle within the upcoming 7 days, out of the over 6,000 battles within the universe’s Battle-axe Coliseum!


Chapter 368: Battleground

Genji, fighter, with a domain level 5.

Hanks, spirit reader controller with a domain level 4.

To be able to have domains level 4 and 5 within the universe level 6, these 2 were definitely considered geniuses! The most important thing was these 2 had high battle abilities, many other similar level 4, 5 and even 6 level domains geniuses had all lost their lives to them. 691 wins, 821 wins…these 2 were definitely veterans within the Battle-axe Coliseum!

“These two people.” Luo Feng exclaimed softly to himself.

Looking at their back story, Genji was doing it for his family and clan. Hanks was a slave forced by his trader.

And amongst them one definitely had to die!

“This battle, we definitely have to watch it.” Luo Feng carefully looked at the information on the screen, “one Hour?”

Universe ship, via universe travel, from Bai Lan star to earth, took about 8 hours.

Luo Feng immediately dragged Hong and Thunder God along to watch the battle.

……

Battle-axe Coliseum, one of the five leviathans of the human race.

In the virtual universe network, a space was specially created here, on it was a wide river that travelled throughout the entire space, it’s strength was shocking, and on this seemingly endless river floated several islands, on each of them were dojos.

Island number 08921.

This was a snow covered island, it’s most daunting construct was a huge dojo, at the center of it was an empty plot of land, surrounding it were blurred large amounts of seats. The 2nd, 3rd, and 4 level of the dojo were all private rooms.

Only members were allowed into the private rooms.

And normal spectators could only watch from the bleachers far away.

“I’ve got my eye on Genji, his blade skills are impressive, everytime I see his skills, I get a very dreamy feeling…one filled with the energy of life. He’ll definitely win.”

“Betting on Genji? His payouts are very low.”

“So what if they are low, his payouts are 1:1.31, and Hanks is 1:2.68, from the management side of the Battle-axe Coliseum, it’s obvious they too are betting on Genji. Who cares about the low payout, as long as I earn money. If Genji wins, I’ll have earned a lot, I’ll bet on him!”

“I’ll bet on Hanks, there might be an upset. I bet 600,000 universe dollars!”

“Only 600,000 universe dollars, I bet 2 million universe dollars that Genji will win!”

“I bet 1 million universe dollars, just for fun.”

Three beastmen with green horns dressed in luxurious clothes set in the spectators’ seats and discussed. Suddenly in the alleyway beside them, a silver haired handsome man carrying a child walked towards the staircase beside and swiftly climbed up.

“Going up?”

“The bank account must be at least 3 stars. Who is that man with silver hair?”

“No idea, we 3 brothers only recognize people from our star field, in these places, many others, including us aren’t from the same empire. Who would know.” The 3 with green horns discussed.

At the same time, another 5 went upstairs.

As the start of the battle drew closer, more people filled the arena, levels of blurred silhouettes of guests had filled over half of the seats, with at least 100,000 people, and many others upstairs! To be able to enter the private rooms upstairs, one’s bank account had to be at least 3 stars or even higher.

“Look at those three punks, those eyes filled with curiosity, that demeanor, one look and one can tell they are country bumpkins that have never seen such things before.”

“I agree with big brother, from the interactions and gazes that I’ve had with people before, these three seem lowly and uneducated, can’t be anyone big.”

“I agree too.”

The three beastmen with green horns looked at three youths walking in the distant alleyway, the three were chatting and laughing, looking around curiously at the arena’s construct, following which, the three too began their climb upstairs.

The three beastmen immediately stared wide eyed, they had actually miscalculated!

“3 star clients?”

“I’ve seen ghosts! How could I actually misread them!”

……

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God swiftly went upstairs, entering their private room according to their ticket. As a member, one had a private room to himself and he could bring his family, friends, servants etc to enjoy the match.

As for how many he brought, it was totally up to the member.

However the private room was only that big and the more people one brings, the tighter it got.

“3rd brother, this Battle-axe Coliseum is indeed forthright. From what I saw earlier, to watch a match like this, the ticket prices are very expensive! And a member can actually watch like this for free.” Thunder God exclaimed, “And from walking in earlier, from the crowds of people in the seats, I heard from their discussions that all of their bets were at least in the hundreds of thousands of universe dollars, up to millions, so rich.”

Hong smiled, “To be able to come here, even those on the first level, many must be planet leaders.”

“Right.”

Luo Feng smiled and nodded, “Right, 1 trillion black dragon dollars was akin to 300,000 universe dollars. Meaning to say those people were casually betting up to tens of planets at a go. They were definitely people with background and money from their own star fields.

No matter how much background and reputation, they still weren’t members.

Battle-axe Coliseum members, the lowest requirement was at least a 3 star client! Normally only sector lords had this sort of status…in the black dragon mountain starfield, only the 16 large families had such people, and even though they had sector lords, they weren’t definitely 3 star clients.

“Welcome ladies and gentlemen from the universe.”

“This death battle is about to begin immediately, please everyone hurry and make your bets, there isn’t much time left.”

“Genji winning, payout 1:1.31.”

“Hanks, payout is 1:2.68. If both die together, payout is 1:81. Yes 81 times payout, for opponents who are so evenly matched, there might very likely come a situation where both perish.” A booming voice, using perfect universe language reverberated around the room and in everyone’s ears, “Only 5 minutes remain to bet, everyone please hurry and bet.”

Within the private room.

“1st time here, we should make a bet.” Thunder God smiled, “Big brother, thirdie, who are you going to bet on?”

“I bet on Hanks.” Hong said seriously, “Looking at him, I remember back when I was a youth and trained as an assassin…His struggles are tens of millions of times greater than mine. Slave traders make their slaves go through hell, I believe he should win. I bet on him… one hundred million universe dollars.”

“One hundred million?” Luo Feng looked shocked at Hong.

How much money Hong had, Luo Feng was very clear, he had given him 4 billion universe dollars before, and with the universe crystal separation, he had another 1 billion universe crystals. In terms of wealth, Hong’s exceeded only 5 billion universe dollars. Throwing one hundred million down like this, it seems like Hong was really into it.

“I choose Genji, one hundred million universe dollars, I feel like his chances are bigger.” Thunder God said, “Thirdie, how about you?”

“Me?”

Luo Feng looked through the window of the private room, right at the center of the Battle-axe Coliseum, a large screen displayed the two warriors and their information. That Hanks…was extremely cold, as though he stepped out of hell. That Genji, his eyes seem firm and solid, with a sense of anticipation, smiling frequently.

“I choose him, Genji!” Luo Feng said, “Also one hundred million universe dollars.”

He didn’t know why but as he looked at Genji, thinking about how this warrior was fighting for his home and clan, fighting to regain his home planet’s freedom and to never let them become slaves again, selling himself to the Battle-axe Coliseum when he couldn’t deal with the enemy and fighting for survival…

Luo Feng somewhat resonated with him.

He too had such huge pressure on him, and the threat of the Nuolan Shan family still hasn’t been extinguished. However, unlike Genj, Luo Feng had several more trump cards in hand.

“I wish for your success, to be able to survive 1,000 battles.” Luo Feng thought to himself.

Virtual universe, arena 08921.

“Betting end!”

“Ladies and gentlemen, this death battle will begin immediately.”

“The warriors in this death battle are the fighter Genji and the spirit reader controller Hanks. They are both universe level 6!”

The location of this battle is in Desolate Peak universe country, Red bird star field on a normal uninhabited planet.”

“Right now, we’ll begin the live broadcast of the battle.”

Following which, the entire dojo became dark and a snow white planet appeared in the center of the arena, it constantly expanded and on its surface, the winds howled with hail and snow dancing about in the wind. Vaguely, one could see among the winds and rubble, 2 human silhouettes.

One dressed in a dark blue robe, in boots and carrying a battle knife and round shield, a cold looking youth. He was Genji!

Opposite, dressed in black armor, long hair flying, his face with a scar, with 2 sabers at his waist, a long white dragon flying about his body. He was Hanks!

Death battle, location on a desolate planet.

Among the 2 of them, only one would live and leave the planet!

“Begin!”

A thick voice resounded from space, hitting the 2 warriors’ ears on the planet.

On this planet’s incomparably thin atmosphere, one dressed in golden armor and boots, a bald warrior surveyed below, he, a domain lord warrior, was the overseer of this death battle, if anyone of them dared to flee before the battle was decided, he would immediately kill him!

A universe level battle, with a domain lord overseer.

Domain lord level battle, sector lord overseer.

A sector lord battle, undying overseer!

This was the rule of the Battle-axe Coliseum, the moment one signed and agreed to battle, there was no way out.

“Lu Xiu.” The blue robed youth muttered to himself, following which his eyes gleamed and like 2 lasers, gazed hard at the distant black clothed man.

“822 victories!” The black clothed man Hanks, his eyes filled with incomparably strong killing intent, like a devil from hell.

“Rumble!”

“Rumble!”

The howling winds and rubble were blown apart, however the Huger Axe dojo’s camera was swift and incomparably clear, capturing every bit of the battle, also transferring to the virtual universe network, displaying at 08921 arena. Everyone at the arena could clearly see the entire battle scene.


Chapter 369: The Grassfield of His Dreams

“Seal!”

The black clothed man Hanks floated in mid air, the earth and sand dancing about him, with a shout, the snow white dragon circling about him stopped, what was originally complex silver white embroidery on the surface began to glow and form that long dragon.

“Peng! The large amount of embroidery dispersed, swiftly filling up the surrounding land and skies, every bit glowing brightly, turning the entire world around silver white in an instant!

Hank’s domain,…snow ice domain!

“This can’t stop me!”

Dressed in a blue robe, the man took one step at a time towards Hanks, while it seemed slow, it was actually fast as lightning, while walking, the blue robed silhouette actually created three mirror images, making one unable to discern immediately which was the true body. All three of them were staring hard together at Hank, their gaze sharp as needles.

“It’s no use!” The black clothed Hanks stared coldly.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

39 needles swiftly formed into a silver thin snake, as fast as lightning piercing towards the three blue robed images, following several ‘chi’ sounds, two of the images were destroyed while the blue robed Genji remained with a strong aura emanating around him. Genji held a shield, that shield swiftly formed a tight defense about him, making the silver thin snake unable to get around it.

The blue robed man walked one step at a time, his formless aura getting stronger and stronger.

His battle knife in his other hand, hadn’t even been used yet.

Virtual universe, within the private room of the dojo.

Luo Feng and his brothers watched with anticipation, beads of perspiration falling from their foreheads, Hong exclaimed softly, “Unbelievable, relying on the shield, he can actually defend like that. Almost as though there are no openings at all from all directions completely sealed in. This, this is simply too exaggerated. His methods and skills have already reached such an unbelievable level.”

“It is unbelievable.” Thunder God held his breath.

“Impressive.” Luo Feng too used a shield, hence he was even clearer of how terrifying that Genji was, “That Hanks too is impressive, he actually fused his spirit weapon with his domain, forming an invincible snow ice domain.:

There was always someone above.

Luo Feng and his brothers always thought they were pretty strong, however watching these two warriors in this death battle, whether it was their mental state, domain level, shield skills, spirit reader skills, they far exceeded that of themselves.

“However from the looks of it, Genji might win.” Thunder God creased his eyebrows.

“Right.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Right, “Hong exclaimed, “That Genji’s aura has totally suppressed his opponent, and his shield skills make him impenetrable, and he hasn’t even used his sword, the moment he unleashes it, it would definitely be invincible.”

……

Desolate star.

The youth dressed in blue armor Genji, seemed to move slowly, however in a blink of an eye he actually closed in a few kilometers of distance, floating in mid air and using all his power to control the spirit weapon to attack, Hanks seemed frantic, gritting his teeth: “3 dragon…break!”

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Needles swiftly gathered and formed 3 silver thin snakes, madly surrounding and attacking Genji.

“Hmph!”

Genji snorted softly, using strength from his legs, leaving behind a crater as he jumped, his entire battle knife in his hand had already become a blurry green image, engulfing Hanks who was in mid air. And Hanks simultaneously drew both his swords on his waist, holding each in one hand and becoming a beam of light.

Qiang! Qiang! Qiang! Qiang! Qiang! Qiang! Qiang!

The exchange between the 2 universe level warriors, the impact from their clashes created immensely strong ripples, immediately causing large scars and wearing down the first layer of the ground, then another few tens of meters lower, the entire area around them, tens of kilometers immediately was reduced to waste, the waves spread and dispersed in every direction. With every heavy attack and clash, the ripples spread further and violently in every direction, causing the area around them to get swept away.

“Block!”

“Block!”

“Block!” Genji muttered below his breath, the sword in his hand maintaining it’s incomparably graceful elegance as it slashed towards Hanks, forming a dreamy green sword silhouette, looking at it, it’s almost as though one was looking at a little blade of grass breaking through from the ground, getting stronger as it grew. That continuous thriving life force, gave off the feeling of limitless energy.

Hank’s forehead began to perspire with beads dripping down.

He grit his teeth and continued to dodge, at the same time parrying the attacks and controlling his spirit weapon to attack violently at Genji, occasionally using spirit attack techniques too…

Helpless…

Genji wasn’t affected at all! That knife work which was so full of life parried and attacked over and over, getting stronger and stronger, again and again…

Within the private room.

“Genji has won, Hanks can’t take it anymore.” Luo Feng said, looking at the virtual screen in the center of the dojo, those eyes filled with hope, knife work filled with limitless life energy, Genji.

“Thirdie, if Genji wins, we’ll earn big money.” Thunder God smiled.

“It’s not over yet.” Hong’s expression was serious.

Amongst the three of them, Luo Feng resonated with Genji’s life and story, Hong however resonated with Hank’s. The two were watching with anticipation at their champions, of course, if Hanks died, Luo Feng would still feel sorrow and regret. However in this death battle, one of them had to die, there was no other way.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

“There’s hope!” Hong’s eyes gleamed.

“That’s weird.” Thunder God stared wide eyed.

“Wa!”

“A special situation has arised.”

“Haha, the tables are about to turn.”

Shocked cries filled the entire dojo suddenly, all engaged in discussion. One had to know that surprise situations within the death battles were rare! These death battles relied on the exponents’ strengths, and Genji’s was indeed above that of Hanks, whether it was shield or sword skills, while defending and attacking simultaneously, it was incomparably perfect.

And Genji’s mental state was extremely strong, his soul’s defense was strong too, soul attacks or hypnotism didn’t affect him at all.

Hence, even the payout given by the Battle-axe Coliseum was much lower to Genji, obviously they had deemed that he was much stronger than Hanks.

However now…

“He’s evolved.”

“This Hanks, in the face of death, actually managed to realize part of the origin laws?”

“It’s indeed the origin laws, it should be the water origin laws. Even though he’s just come to understand it, he’s still stepped through a very large door.”

“Haha, this death battle, we actually managed to see something like that, it’s worth it.”

……

Luo Feng and his brothers listened to the discussion from the bleacher stands, they knew very little about the origin laws, however at this time, they could clearly see a large change in the situation of Genji and Hank’s death battle.

The clashes causes ripples that tremored the ground greatly, creating incomparably large shockwaves below.

The two silhouettes moved as fast as lightning.

“Chi! Chi! Chi!”

Hank’s eye’s gleamed, his snow ice domain had engulfed the entire land and earth, his three silver thin snakes seemed alive again, almost as though three slippery thin snakes, they surrounded Genji and madly attacked. Genji used his shield to defend, however, he seemed frantic, no longer as relaxed as before.

“Qiang! Qiang!” Genji not only used the shield, but also his battle knife to defend.

“No.”

“NO!” Genji began to perspire profusely, his defense with the shield and sword had already reached their limit.

Floating in the distance, the black clothed Hanks surveyed over this scene, his eyes flashed and the 3 silver thin snakes’ attack speeds actually rose and grew again, causing Genji to be unable to defend, a thin silver light brushed through the shield and it actually caused this silver thin snake to explode.

However it’s front half, with needles that had formed a silver light actually pierced through Genji’s head.

Silence!

All the needles stopped their attacked and floated in mid air, they swiftly gathered together, along with the surrounding needles, forming a round disc, landing beside Hanks.

Dressed in a blue armor, with a smashing sound, his knees landed on the ground, following which his body fell gradually.

“Hahaha…”

“Run quickly, here to daddy.”

“Daddy, daddy.”

Genji, in his dazed eyes seem to clearly see that beautiful grass field, on it were his adorable 5 year old daughter who was laughing, chasing large silhouette, shouting, “Daddy, daddy…”That grass field in his dreams, his, Genji’s most beautiful grass field.

His home!

The place he had to protect.

“Lu Xiu…Lu Xiu…” At the instant his soul shattered, he muttered his home’s name.

Peng!

His body crashed on the ground, blood seeped out from his forehead, even though it didn’t seem like too much of a wound, in truth his brain and consciousness had already been pierced through, his soul was broken.

The winds howled loudly!

The black clothed man Hanks flew over from far, landing on the ground beside, looking at the blue robed corpse.

Hanks slowly knelt down, gently rubbing Genji’s eyes to closing them, however…he felt his hands get a little wet.

Hanks looked at his hands, the liquid was clear, “Tears?”

“I’m sorry.”

Hanks lowered his head to look at Genji’s body, saying softly, “I, just want to go home!” During every battle, Hanks always seemed vicious and unfeeling, however, after every battle, he would apologize…

Hanks closed his eyes.

The beautiful memory of his planet, his home…he, it has already been thousands of years since he has returned.

“822, another 178 matches and I can go home.” Hanks stood up.

Rumble!

He rushed towards the sky! Only the ice storm was left around the skies, the snow and ice storm quickly covered Genji’s corpse. A Universe level 6 warrior, one that may have actually had a very bright future, a warrior with boundless paths ahead, had died like that on a desolate star.

Within the private room.

The Battle-axe Coliseum’s camera equipment was incomparably advanced, even the 2 tears that Genji had left behind were clearly captured.

The end, Genji’s death, Hank’s victory.

Luo Feng and Thunder God had both lost their bets, Hong won.

However, All three of them were deep in thought for a long time, even Hong who had won watched solemnly at the final scene of the corpse being covered by dust.

“Genji has died.” Luo Feng said solemnly, “Hanks, just requires another 178 victories to return alive.”

Hong and Thunder God were silent.

In the universe, to rise and struggle to a position of power was indeed extremely hard! Any genius, getting careless in any situation, could result in death. And the entire earth’s strongest…were just them three, watching this scene, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God felt immense pressure.


Chapter 370: Return to Earth

Leaving the dojo and returning to reality from the virtual universe network.

Within the universe ship control room, Luo Feng and his brothers’ moods were heavy.

“This brutal universe!” Thunder God could help but curse.

Luo Feng was silent.

“Don’t bother, there’s no point in cursing.” Hong shook his head, “Where there’s light, there will be darkness, and with power and levels, there will be competition. Even on a small planet like earth, assassins, prostitutes, liars, robbers, corrupt officials, scammers, what type of people do we not have? Much less the incomparably vast universe.”

“The vastness of the universe only means even more brutal and scheming people. However, there are many more with light in their hearts, people chasing after their dreams.”

“It’s a myriad of types, encompassing everything.”

“The only thing we can do now is to prepare ourselves and protect our community on earth. Only when we become powerful people within in the universe will we have the power to actually do something. As for now, let’s not think or act rashly.” Hong shook his head.

Luo Feng and Thunder God nodded.

……

The ship continued to fly, after 8 over hours of flying, the ship finally reached the dark universe coordinates within the solar system.

The coordinates here were totally camouflaged by the Yun Mo Planet Master’s space techniques, hence other ships that wanted to come here could only come through the wormhole, and fly for a long period of time before being able to reach here. While Luo Feng and his group could easily just engage in universe travel.

“10, 9, 8, 7, 6…3, 2, 1!” Universe travel!”

Within the dark universe.

Following the universe ship’s halt, it then began to engage in it’s universe travel and return to their original solar system.

China time year 2063, November 16th, late night 22:08pm, a triangular universe ship entered earth, landing in the continent of Asia, China, Jian Nan headquarter city’s Yang Zhou city skies.

Hong and Thunder God had already been sent home earlier by Luo Feng when they arrived.

Yang Zhou city, Westlake yard.

“Daddy!”

“Daddy!”

When Luo Feng, dressed in his alloy armor and battle boots arrived with his slave Ao Gu at the castle’s entrance, his family had been waiting having received the news earlier, especially his 2 sons, Luo Hai and Luo Ping, immediately shouting excitedly and running directly towards Luo Feng.

“Haha, Ping Ping, Little Hai.” Luo Feng looked at his family, a contented smile spreading across his face.

“Oh, wa, much heavier than before.” Luo Feng hugged his two sons and laughed happily.

“Daddy, your armor is so hard.” Ping Ping waved his fist and punched it, peng, peng, peng, knocking on Luo Feng’s alloy armor.

“You don’t even change when you return.” Xu Xin walked up to him, smiling, “Dressed in this metal lump.”

“I got so used to wearing it outside, didn’t get the time to change.” Luo Feng smiled.

The alloy armor had indeed been worn for too long.

Actually, while the armor outside was hard and solid, it was still very comfortable within, of course it couldn’t compare to the pure cotton sleeping gowns, however as time passed, one would naturally get used to it.

“Little Feng, dinner is ready, we’ve been waiting for you.” His mother Gong Xin Lan smiled.

“Yes, mother’s cooking is the best.” Luo Feng smiled, “Let’ me go change and take a bath and we’ll eat immediately.”

Changing from his alloy armor and boots into a comfortable nightie, Luo Feng had dinner with his family.

Breathing in that aroma of home, watching the moon with family and having dinner and chatting with them…

After travelling in the universe for a long time, one would indeed miss this feeling.

The news of Luo Feng and his brothers’ return was very quickly known by the 5 great countries, on the 3rd afternoon from his return, the 5 great countries sent 15 representatives to Luo Feng’s house to discuss about the universe migration.

Within the meeting room.

Hong and Thunder God rushed over too, the main event was the discussion between the 15 representatives and the three of them. These 15 representatives could already represent the entire powers of the 5 great countries.

“Mr. Luo, cowardice will not solve the problem. We are all very clear that there are many dangers within the universe, however…we cannot just wait till the dangers come knocking at our doorstep before we face them. The best method is to communicate and make contact with others in the universe as soon as possible and make preparations.” A lady chairperson from the European union political party said seriously.

“Yes. Please understand that our countries have all made ample preparations.” the new white prime minister from the American side watched Luo Feng and his group.

The Chinese, Indian, and Russian representatives all stared at Luo Feng and his brothers, whatever could be said has been said already.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God exchanged glances and finally, Luo Feng nodded.

The three had already made their decision.

“I understand your thoughts.”

Luo Feng looked towards the leaders of the 5 great countries, “I admit, whatever you’ve said does make a lot of sense.”

“If you want to migrate into the universe, that’s possible!” Luo Feng emphasized.

The leaders of the 5 great countries could barely hold back the excitement in their eyes.

“However, I must warn you all.”

“The 1st point, reaching another life planet in the universe, I will provide the migrants with the most basic of living guarantees. However you must understand that one has to reach the star traveller level before earning the right to be a universe citizen, hence, the moment these migrants leave the planet that I control, I cannot guarantee their safety.”

“The 2nd point, leaving earth is very easy, returning is very hard. Returning to earth from the other life planets in the universe, just travelling alone takes 3 years!”

“The 3rd point, as for the information of earth, they have to keep it totally secret, no divulging of any kind.”

Luo Feng emphasized.

Actually, there wasn’t much important information of earth, the only important thing was about the golden horned beast. However normal citizens of earth didn’t even know the swallowing monster was the golden horned beast, and these migrants, Luo Feng would definitely not allow any of them to bring any pictures or footage of the golden horned beast.

The moment the migrants left earth and reached a planet Luo Feng controlled.

Firstly, there were other human races on that planet, all normal people, who would know of the swallowing monster or golden horned beast?

“However if anyone divulges any information of earth and betrays the humans of earth, he or she will be executed.” Luo Feng emphasized.

“No problem.”

Agreed.”

“Agreed.”

“Mr. Luo, it seems that you don’t require three years to return from the universe?” That American lady asked looking at them.

Luo Feng creased his eyebrows and stared at her, that formless mental pressure caused her to start perspiring profusely with cold sweat, Luo Feng said, “This 1st batch of migrants, is the first contact from earth to the universe, I don’t want any accidents! The moment an accident occurs, then all of you will be guilty of sabotaging the humans of earth!”

“Remember the three points that I said, agree and I will agree to the migration.”

“If you don’t agree to them, then you can work hard and build your own spaceship.” Luo Feng said coldly.

“Oh, sorry My Luo, I was just curious, I didn’t mean anything else.” That lady said.

“That’s how it is, the migrants will officially depart from earth half a year later. Within this half a year, you all should choose the people wisely. Remember, just the trip back requires 3 years.” Luo Feng said.

The 15 representatives of the 5 great countries left, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder God couldn’t help it.

“There are good points to this, we cannot always take all the weight of earth on ourselves, we should let them head out and deal with problems. Without pressure, there’ll be no movement. Always under our protection, the humans of earth would naturally evolve slower.” Hong said.

“Right.”

Luo Feng nodded, “These people wouldn’t be able to make a mess even if they wanted to, what’s more, divulging information of earth would make them traitors of earth. Everybody is from earth, so they wouldn’t dare to reveal anything. And even if they did, it would still be within our control, that is, after all, my territory.”

Luo Feng currently had over 100 planets as his territory, however, for the migrants of earth…he was actually prepared to specially buy a few others.

To the current Luo Feng, buying a few planets was indeed easy.

After staying a few days on earth, Luo Feng sat in a universe ship and headed to mars.

He also ordered a Nutrition Cabin via the virtual universe network.

“Sir, you sure you want to buy an E grade nutrition cabin? This nutrition cabin, as the highest 3 grade cabin is most for the recovery and evolution of a sector lord warrior. Also, it is also a evolution cabin capable of immediately producing a universe level warrior.”

“However, it will only make the body of the warrior into a universe level.”

“Any further breakthroughs will be dependent on his own comprehension of domains etc, just relying on the cabin alone is futile. Also, relying on the cabin to breakthrough might result in one’s foundations not being solid, unable to realize domains, naturally unable to ever breakthrough to the domain lord level.”

“Also…”

The cost of usage for the nutrition cabin is shocking. 100 years of usage, creating a universe level, the amount of money can be used to buy over 100 universe level slaves. Hence using it to evolve is not worth it at all.”

It’s best and mostly used function is to heal a sector lord’s body and to recover it. It’s best point, it’s healing abilities. I have to emphasize this point, if you still think that it’s fine, then sign below.”

“E grade nutrition cabin, requires 86 billion universe dollars.”

“As for the nutrition liquid you require, 1 ton requires 10 billion universe dollars. A ton of nutrition liquid can totally create a universe level, of course, 10 billion universe dollars can also buy over a 100 universe level slaves. Oh, you require 10 tons of nutrition liquid, understood. This is the agreement!”

A sector lord’s battle, there are many which inflict damage straight on the soul, some on the body outside. At this time, relying on the nutrition cabin to recover is the best.

Hence the nutrition cabin was very expensive.

It had a secondary effect…warrior evolution! And what Luo Feng bought it for was to increase the speed of evolution of his own human body.

As for being unable to breakthrough?

“With the golden horned beast’s body as the root, Luo Feng, you have no bottleneck at all, and no problem of your foundations not being solid. Also you have money, of course buying is the best option! This 3 grade nutrition cabin generates the fastest evolution speed.” This was what Babata had told Luo Feng.

……

Luo Feng took the nutrition cabin and stationed himself on Mars, beginning a long period of isolation within.

This was because…

Luo Feng’s golden horned beast body was about to breakthrough to the universe level, and breaking through had several very important problems, naturally he would pick mars where no one could bother him to breakthrough.

In the world of thunder, the golden horned beast was already a star level 9.

For the star level 9 to breakthrough to the universe level, it required over 50 years, and Luo Feng’s metal groupings had a maximum efficiency of 89 times, hence in a little over half a year, it was already ready to breakthrough.

And Luo Feng was at point of time where it was just about to do it!


Chapter 371: Crossing into the Universe Level

Solar System, Mars.

This was an extremely dry, desert-like planet. And now, a jet black disc-shaped universe spaceship was inside a deep hole with a diameter of a few hundred meters.

This spaceship was one of Luo Feng’s reserve spaceships, which now became Luo Feng’s headquarters during his temporary stay on Mars.

Inside the gigantic resting room of the spaceship, a long rectangular dark blue ‘nutrition cabin’ lay within. The entire nutrition cabin was 21.6 meters long and 8.3 meters wide. The main body of it was dark blue. At the same time, on the metallic surface were a lot of complicated flower markings and a few simple buttons.

An E grade nutrition cabin, the highest quality nutrition cabin in all of the human races of the universe.

Just the price reaches 86 billion universe dollars, which is equivalent to three or four galaxies that are a bit desolate. The dark blue metal on the surface is a F8 grade metal comparable to the ‘hybrid copper essence’– ‘bluestone essence’, which is extremely expensive.

Of course, the weapon that Luo Feng uses– the hybrid copper essence shard, even though it’s small, also has an astonishing price because of its craftsmanship!

It, is valuable in its ‘edge’.

To make an extremely tough metal like the hybrid copper essence into something sharp, is an extremely difficult task! The higher the grade of a metal, the harder it is to work with. The ‘hybrid copper essence’ is something that even an undying being can only make a small mark on after punching it.

Back then, the master of Yun Mo planet indeed sacrificed a lot to make his spaceship into the shape of a sharp triangle.

This is why the ‘Yun Mo Planet spaceship’ is so powerful.

…..

Because of the bluestone essence surface, even an undying being will need a lot of time to break this nutrition cabin.

Inside the cabin.

A young, black haired youth with a naked body that was essentially perfect lay within the dark gray nutritional liquid. Energy filled with the force of life swiftly sweeped into his body through each of the pores in his skin. The energy containing the force of life immediately triggered the transformation of the genes after his cells absorbed it.

A ton of nutritional liquid, could purchase over 100 universe level slaves and over 10,000 life planets.

His hair continuously grew longer, his skin became more crystalline, his bones became tougher, his muscles became denser, his battle ability amplifier rose…..

“Turn off” Luo Feng commanded the AI in the nutrition cabin.

“Chichi~~”

The nutritional liquid steadily decreased and became empty. It was also extremely dry. Waves of high pressured heat wiped across Luo Feng’s body like a towel. After that, the nutrition cabin automatically added in water to rinse off Luo Feng’s body, and then finally dried it again.

Luo Feng stood up and leaped out of the nutrition cabin which was three meters tall. At the same time, a deep red battle uniform set automatically formed on his body, and battle boots around his feet.

PA!

His battle boots stepped onto the alloyed floor of the spaceship.

“This nutrition cabin, just what you would expect from an E grade nutrition cabin. Its effects are indeed amazing” Luo Feng’s eyes glowed as he looked at the dark green nutrition cabin in front of him.

“No matter how effective it is, your body needs to catch up with it. After laying in the nutrition cabin for nearly half a month, you have to rest for at least half a month before you can enter it again. Oh yeah….. Luo Feng, how is your Ten Thousand Blade Soul Seal going?” a nonchalant voice reverberated across the spaceship, it was the living AI Babata.

“I can cast out 226 soul seal blades simultaneously” said Luo Feng.

Of course Luo Feng won’t relax on his Ten Thousand Blade Soul Sealtraining.

Since the only way to cast the ‘slave seal’ is by completing most of the Ten Thousand Blade Soul Seal. And by doing so, he’ll finally have made a tiny bit of progress on the path of the Soul Seal.

“TOO SLOW, still a long way to go until you can cast ten thousand soul seal blades, and don’t even mention merging all ten thousand into one” yelled Babata loudly.

“I understand” smiled Luo Feng.

After half a month of evolution and bitter spiritual force training, Luo Feng was very tired. He walked out of the universe spaceship, flew out the deep hole, and arrived at the surface of Mars.

The cold, red gravel extended into the horizon. Sandstorms charging towards the sky could be seen in the distance.

Luo Feng, who was completely covered in his cloud contact battle uniform set, gazed at the land. Suddenly, a gigantic image swiftly approached from the raging sandstorm in the distance. This was a gigantic monster that was as large as a mountain. Its body was covered in black scales. Its two horns which pierced towards the sky were covered in golden engravings. Its neck and back were also covered in golden engravings.

“WU–” the Golden Horned Beast in the distance roared towards the sky, its cold eyes looked towards the human Luo Feng in the distance.

Luo Feng also looked towards the Golden Horned Beast in the distance.

“It’s time to break through to the universe level” Luo Feng frowned.

The Golden Horned Beast’s body and his human body can appear in the outer world at the same time, or one of the bodies can appear in the outer world alone, or neither of them!

When both bodies aren’t in the outer world, then, the core will appear in the outer world.

No matter what–

The core must be in the outer world; it cannot enter the ‘inner world’. As for the bodies, whether the Golden Horned Beast body or the human body, they can be repaired no matter how damaged they are! Because to Luo Feng, the core of his life is the core that contains his soul!

Of course…..

The core is his ‘weak point’. Luo Feng wouldn’t dare to leave his core outside; that would be asking for death.

In the battle before, the only reason his human body hid in the inner world while the Golden Horned Beast appeared was because Luo Feng didn’t want anyone to discover the relationship between his human body and the Golden Horned Beast. As of now, since a defense system has been installed throughout the entire solar system, he definitely doesn’t have to worry about anyone discovering that he and the Golden Horned Beast are on Mars.

“The universe level!”

“It’s time to break through” Luo Feng shook his head and waved his hand. All types of valuable metal appeared on the ground. Luo Feng then transformed into a flowing light as he flew towards the universe spaceship in the distance.

However, the mountain-like body of the Golden Horned Beast lay on the desert ground. It extended it claw to cover the pile of metal.

Space warped, and the pile of metal shrunk and then disappeared within the Golden Horned Beast’s palm.

…..

Mars was as quiet as always.

It had two extra living beings. One of them was the human hiding in the spaceship, while the other one was the space beast laying on the ground of the desert.

Time passed day by day.

Even though Luo Feng was anxious, he could only wait…..

Time in China: 2063/12/26. On this day, beneath the surface of a certain area of the desert in Mars lay a Golden Horned Beast.

“AO–”

A thick sound filled with excitement echoed around the sky.

BOOM!

A human image swiftly flew out of the spaceship and hovered in midair. He looked at the area where the Golden Horned Beast lay and was filled with happiness: “The inner world finally broke through!”

Inside the inner world of the Golden Horned Beast.

The continent which was covered in a golden mist was gigantic. Its length and width was 90 km long. However, at this moment, the entire world was shaking violently. The originally spread out golden mist crazily flowed across the entire continent, which caused the golden continent to crazily absorb the mist and crazily expand.

Its length and width expanded continuously, and its height continued to expand! This caused the continent to become thicker.

The golden mist dramatically shrunk. In return, the golden continent expanded continuously.

A jaw dropping expansion!

In just a few short hours, this continent went from a length and width of 90 km, to a length and width of 1,000 km! Its area expanded by around 100 times!

The center of the Golden Horned Beast is its core!

And the core of its core, is the inner world! The Golden Horned Beast swallows large amounts of metal to make the inner world expand and become more perfect. Only by expanding its inner world can the Golden Horned Beast break through!

As of now–

From a length and width of 90 km, it broke past the length and width of 1,000 km in an extremely short amount of time! Its inner world has completely transformed.

“RUMBLE~~”

Deep within the desert of Mars, without the suppression of the inner world, the Golden Horned Beast that has been stuck at the peak of the star level nine stage finally began its transformation. With an extremely excited howl, the Golden Horned Beast’s body slowly began to expand. Its bones and scales became tougher and harder. A third horn even began to appear on its forehead.

The armor-like golden engravings covering most of its body also began to let out a mysterious glow, which continuously seeped into the body of the Golden Horned Beast.

…..

Inside the core.

In a gigantic tower which basically covered the entire surrounding space, nine unbelievably hot fireballs were following a peculiar trail as they orbited around each other and formed a natural, unusual structure.

This was the physical structure of Luo Feng’s soul!

Without the suppression from the inner world, the nine fireballs that have long reached their limit instantly started to absorb the pure energy within the universe. As they absorbed, the nine fireballs started to vibrate and expand.

“RUMBLE~~~”

Within an instant, all the energy in the space in the sky above Mars had been crazily absorbed, forming a scary whirlpool of energy. Such an astonishing level of energy caused the nine mini stars to swiftly expand. In just moments, their area expanded by 10 times. The nine fireballs were still vibrating. At the same time, the largest star reached its limit in expansion!

“PENG!”

The largest star ferociously exploded!

PENG! PENG! PENG! PENG! PENG! PENG! PENG! PENG!

The other eight mini stars exploded on by one. After they surpassed their limit, they exploded, forming countless star pieces. Even a large nebula was formed. After a long time, everything went silent.

In the core.

The large amounts of nebulae, star dust, star clusters, and extremely small planets formed a gigantic spiral galaxy. The mini stars were most common within the very center of this gigantic spiral galaxy, tens of millions of them. At the same time, the entire spiral galaxy had eight spiral arms.

However, there was an extremely tiny black area within the dense center of the spiral galaxy.

Over there, was the first ‘black hole’ of the entire spiral galaxy. This mini black hole was slowly swallowing the stars and space dust around it. At the same time, at a place that cannot be reached, it generated slivers of pure energy.

“CHICHI~~”

The mist-like spiritual force seemed to appear out of thin air as it appeared in the surroundings of the gigantic spiral, causing a layer of light to cover the entire galaxy.

What formed this bright, mysterious mist-like energy was indeed what universe level spirit readers rely on–spiritual force!

An extremely pure spiritual force!

…..

The Golden Horned Beast, has officially stepped into the universe level!


Chapter 372: Domain, Laws

On the desolate Mars, deep underground.

Luo Feng’s face was flushed with excitement, swiftly piercing underground, “Breaking through to the universe level, that’s the real mark of becoming a real strong warrior, as the most elite bloodline in the entire universe, entering the universe level, only then can the Golden Horned Beast actually unleash its true potential!”

Shua!

Luo Feng vanished completely as he entered his internal world.

Even though its body had become much bigger, with its length exceeding 1km, from the tip of its 3 horns, head portion, neck, continuous back, wings, 4 claws, tails…all of these had golden engravings on the scales since its birth, and now they were all glimmering.

The dreamy golden domain engulfed the Golden Horned Beast’s entire surroundings.

“This, this is a domain?”

Luo Feng’s soul could clearly feel that peculiar form of energy, this only happened when it just broke through to the universe level, with the help of the natural engravings and energy, spirit reading, genetic energy, willpower, physical body, they all naturally reached an incredible and harmonious state, the energies all began to fuse, and the golden energy that resulted from that actually affected the surrounding space.

“It’s as described in the bloodline inheritance. The Golden Horned Beast, even when it eats or sleeps, with its natural growth, will still naturally gain a domain, and it would constantly evolve, 1 layer, 2 layers until 9 layers, and finally breaking through to having its own world energy, stepping into the sector lord level. Even to the point of reaching the universe origin’s origin laws of gold, reaching the pinnacle of sector lords!”

“The inheritance memories, indeed, not lacking, not lacking at all!”

“It’s, it’s too heavenly!”

Luo Feng’s excitement surged.

The difference was aggravating! Humans compared to the space beasts, the most elite of the bloodlines, and the one above them all, the Golden Horned Beast, that was even more aggravating!

Owning a domain was hard!

Like Hong and Thunder God who were either masters of martial arts or yoga masters, these two experienced a lot during the Great Nirvana period before finally being able to break through the levels of martial arts and Yoga, reaching the pinnacle of harmonious fusion, before finally attaining their domains!

And the Golden Horned Beast, as the pinnacle bloodline of the vast universe!

Was set to achieve the universe origin laws and become the pinnacle of sector lords just from reaching maturity.

“What are you satisfied about? What are you excited about?”

“Hong and Thunder God had their domains when they were at the star traveller level! You only attained it after reaching the universe level and you are excited and content?”

“As for the laws, that battle arena Hanks and Genji’s fight, that Hanks was even able to realize a little about the universe origin laws. Also! Last time within the slaughterhouse, you and Thunder God were both easily defeated by a white robed lady. That white robed lady was only star level 1, and she could already feel the laws.”

“There are many geniuses among the human race in the universe, what are you so proud of?”

“Talent doesn’t mean that your achievements will be high!”

“The inheritance passed down from generation to generation for the Golden Horned Beast, there have been many of them in history! However their achievements and levels have all been greatly different.”

“Some Golden Horned Beast just bank on their inheritance and reach the pinnacle of sector lords, living out their life spans and dying!”

“Other Golden Horned Beast, rely totally on their talents and waste their life spans. Only through experiencing setbacks will one realize and work hard and train! However as the time wasted before was too long, many have been unable to become undying beings.”

“Only very few Golden Horned Beasts realize early enough that talent is just one side of it, hardwork was important too! Only these Golden Horned Beast will actually train techniques like Absolute space and Nine Layer Space Ripping to a high level, and eventually stepping into the undying level! And some Golden Horned Beast undying even create new techniques and become the heroes of the entire race.”

“Sector lord pinnacle! Undying! Absolute peak even amongst the undying!”

“Which do you want to become?”

“If you only want to reach the pinnacle of sector lords, then just play around everyday. Back in the Pacific Ocean when you risked it all and gambled to possess the Golden Horned Beast body, it was already set for you to become the pinnacle of sector lords, it’s not hard at all for you.”

“Wanting to become an undying? Then you have to be incredibly hardworking!”

“An absolute warrior even amongst the undying, stronger than your teacher! That requires hard work, ferocity, comprehension etc, all the elements.”

“Which do you choose?”

Babata berated Luo Feng, causing him to realize and awaken.

What he said was indeed correct, Hong and Thunder God had their domains when they were in the star traveller level, back then he was easily defeated by the white robed lady, a star level 1 who already understood the laws!

In terms of talent, maybe humans couldn’t be compared to the Golden Horned Beast.

However the amount of human races in the universe were too many, with such numbers, this meant that the amount of geniuses with incredible comprehension was extremely high too!

“The Golden Horned Beast’s talents, are heavenly by themselves! I have to compare myself with the pinnacle of geniuses amongst the human race in the universe!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Golden Horned Beast?”

“There have been many generations of Golden Horned Beasts, I want to become the strongest of them all.” Luo Feng felt a surge in ambition, the beast’s large golden pupils gleamed with golden light, “My teacher back then actually managed to possess a ‘Long Ke’ youth’s body, I actually managed to get a Golden Horned Beast’s body! My teacher relied on himself and created the Soul imprint technique. I have the Golden Horned Beast and the Yun Mo Planet’s techniques, all of their information!”

“Talent, information, I have everything!”

“Willpower, I have it too!”

“Comprehension, I’m not too bad!”

“I have everything, then my most basic point will be reaching the undying level first, after which, becoming an absolute warrior amongst the undying! Stronger than even the undying that killed my teacher!” Luo Feng looked to the future with anticipation.

The Golden Horned Beast lay underground on Mars, with its entire body covered in scales and on them the peculiar engravings, this made the Golden Horned Beast which had calmed down emit a peculiar ripple of energy!

This was a kind of ripple from the vast universe!

However, this ripple seemed to be covered and obscured by layers and layers of gauze, making it very hard and tedious for Luo Feng to feel it completely. However, this alone made Babata very shocked because under normal circumstances, only after reaching a 8 or 9 layer domain will one be able to vaguely feel these ripples.

And Luo Feng, who only had a 1 layer domain, was already able to sense it somewhat.

……

Golden Horned Beast, it could feel the origin laws in the internal world, the golden continent, that universe origin’s ripple, it seems it became clearer within.

Time passed like flowing water.

One month after another…

In the later days.

The 1st batch of earth’s migrants form the 5 great countries summed up to about 80,000 people. Luo Feng had bought a planet called Jade Rainbow star within the Silver Blue Empire galaxy, and it had about a hundred million natives. This first batch of earth’s humans were arranged to be sent there.

……

Once the arrangements were all settled, Luo Feng immersed himself deep in his training.

His human body was focused on the 10,000 blade soul imprint, also spending time and energy on the soaring shuttle. As for the Golden Horned Beast, it was completely immersed in the domain and laws.

In a flash, it was already year 2065! 2 years had passed.

China year 2065, October 25th, Luo Feng’s training grounds on Mars.

Within the universe ship’s spacious study, a dark green nutrition cabin was placed there, suddenly, the doors opened and a human body…a full nude human body with three inches of black short hair, a man! Luo Feng quickly put on a layer of armor and boots and flew out of the nutrition cabin.

“2 years of work, finally stepping into the star level 7.” Luo Feng smiled, “This e grade nutrition cabin is indeed not bad.”

“How’s your training on the Spatial Techniques?” Babata’s voice resounded within the ship.

“No headway.”

Luo Feng shook his head “The Spatial Techniques are too hard, I haven’t made any progress at all.”

Two years ago in the world within a world, Luo Feng began working on the 10,000 blade soul imprint, this technique belonged to the Yu Mo Planet Soul Imprint techniques as was one of the more basic ones, it still however took more than a year, close to two, for Luo Feng to make a big step with it!

Training the 10,000 blade soul imprint made the training of the Slave soul imprint much easier to achieve!

And during this time, Babata had passed Luo Feng another technique, saying this: “Luo Feng, even though your teacher didn’t fully comprehend the origin laws of space, he still made huge achievements with the space laws! Even to the point of travelling through dark universes and being able to shroud them and camouflage. This, even amongst the undying, only very few can do that!”

“Even though you have the Golden Horned Beast, however you can only feel the origin laws of gold now!”

“What’s more, the space laws, are originally the hardest law in the universe to feel and comprehend, just like the time laws, they are the 2 deepest and hardest laws in the universe.

“Hence…”

“Right now you’ve had a little step in the soul imprint, the 10,000 blade soul imprint and slave soul imprint has succeeded. You even have your own domain! You can barely begin to feel the spatial techniques, start from the simplest, the spatial techniques, right from the entrance, every step will be tedious and hard.”

“However, you’ve trained in the Golden Horned Beast’s Absolute space, maybe that’ll make your entrance into this spatial techniques somewhat easier.”

“Work hard!”

“The origin laws are the main path!”

“The origin laws of gold, you can let the Golden Horned Beast train. The spatial techniques, will be your future main training!” Babata was filled with anticipation before, he thought that with the Golden Horned Beast’s talents, it should be easier.

But what a pity, after months of training, nothing was achieved.

Even the entrance wasn’t reached, accurately speaking, he never even touched the door.

“Babata, this spatial technique, the entrance alone is incomparably tough.” Luo Feng said.

“Don’t get discouraged, if a few months won’t do, then take a few years! If a few years won’t do, then take decades and hundreds of years! Take your time.” Babata smiled, “Maybe I was too demanding, the spatial techniques, normally only sector lords would find it easier to train. However the earlier you succeed, the stronger it will be later.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Right, Luo Feng. The army from the Nuolan Shan family, according to time calculation, should reach within the next 10 days! Including discrepancies and errors, their universe ship may still very likely appear in the solar system in the next few days.” Babata reminded.


Chapter 373: Luo Feng And Bai Kaluo

“Nuolan Shan family?” Luo Feng smiled, “I’ve been waiting for them for too long.”

2 years 8 months ago, they had already known about the Nuolan Shan family passing through the wormhole, headed towards earth!

With so much time, Luo Feng had made ample preparations.

“Full of confidence!”

Babata’s mocking voice resounded within the universe ship, “Right, Luo Feng, it’s time we returned to earth.”

“No rush.” Luo Feng shook his head, “The golden horned beast is currently training Deity of the World, it can’t stop at this time, let’s wait awhile more, I’ll take the chance to go train a little in the slaughterhouse battle arena, it’s been sometime since I went there.”

“Slaughterhouse Battle arena? There’s no challenge there for you.”

“Against higher levels, there’s going to be some challenge.” Luo Feng smiled, sitting down cross legged and closing his eyes, his consciousness entered the virtual universe network.

Virtual universe network, Black Dragon Mountain island, within one of the battle arenas of the slaughterhouse.

It was an endless desert.

In it stood 2 men, one of which had green scales on his face, a single horn on his forehead and he had 2 battle knives crossed on his back, he stared coldly at his opponent. His opponent was one dressed in a white battle robe, with silver long hair and silver eyes, a handsome man.

“100 blades?” The silver haired man chuckled, “You actually dare to battle against someone of a higher level, I will let you know…the difference between a universe level 8 and 9!”

“Hmph.” The green scaled man snorted and this made the silver haired man’s expression change.

Rumble! Rumble!

The green scaled man and the silver haired man suddenly became 2 beams of lights and clashed.

……

Within one of the quiet rooms of the slaughterhouse.

Nuolan Shan who was dressed in dark green battle uniform was chatting with another in a grey long robe, a screen floated before them and it was displaying the fight between the green scaled man and the silver haired man.

“Bai Kaluo’s strength has risen a lot from before.” The man in the grey long robe complimented, his eyes long and narrow, smiling as he said.

“Bai Kaluo’s talent, willpower and comprehension is the highest and best amongst all my disciples.” Nuolan Shan said proudly, “Even though I have the Battle-axe title, back when I was universe level 8, I probably didn’t even have his current strength.”

“Such a high assessment?” The man in the grey robe said shocked, “Then you think he can win this battle?”

“He can win!” Nuolan Shan nodded.

“His opponent is a universe level 9.” The man in the grey robe said.

“Just watch!” Nuolan Shan said confidently.

On the screen, the green scaled Bai Kaluo was engaged in an extremely intense battle with his opponent.

Strong green winds were circling about, Bai Kaluo was almost like a child of the wind, his entire body had become a spinning top, constantly spinning, his knives in his hands became flashes of light, cutting at the silver haired man. The silver haired man’s form was extremely elegant, white light surrounded his body and his entire being was almost like a sun, he controlled a thread like spirit weapon and constantly surrounded Bai Kaluo.

“10 blades!”

The green scaled man’s expression was malevolent, shouting out.

The knives suddenly became 10 beams of light!

“50 blades!” Another shout.

That snow white light of the knives duplicated even more, flashes of light from the blades seemed to form a lotus flower, every blade and its reflection like a petal of the lotus.

Hiss…

The thread like weapon was dancing about in the surroundings, attacking at Bai Kaluo time and again.

“100 blades!!!”

Bai Kaluo shouted.

“Rumble…” An extremely glaring flash of the blades, suddenly formed, almost like a tsunami, one that was formed from the reflection and flashes from a 100 blades, immediately swallowing up the silver haired man, his eyes were filled with shock and fear, he couldn’t believe what was happening and with a crash, his entire body was destroyed.

Bai Kaluo, the man with green scales all over his face snorted coldly and vanished from the battle arena.

……

“Beautiful!” The silver long robed man revealed an expression of delight as he shouted gleefully.

“What do you think, I didn’t exaggerate did I.” Nuolan Shan smiled.

“It is indeed beautiful, your disciple is too powerful.” The man’s face was flushed red with excitement, “His knife skills and wind domain, have already fused perfectly together. Also the speed of the blades get quicker as time passes! The later it gets, the stronger his attacks become, finally crushing that universe level 9 altogether!”

“Right.”

Nuolan Shan nodded, “Bai Kaluo’s strong point, is that as he unleashes this technique and time passes, it would get stronger and stronger! However his weakness is very obvious… during the time it takes to reach its full power, its strength isn’t too powerful. If the opponent takes that opportunity, he would have a high chance of beating him!”

“Haha, don’t be too harsh! Your disciple uses two blades which spin continuously. And with his wind domain, and his agility…wanting to attack him at the start is hard too. And the moment his blade technique is unleashed, it’ll be over.” The man in the grey robe laughed, “Not bad, not bad at all.”

“Can he pass?” Nuolan Shan looked at him.

“No problem! I’ll pass this footage to the lord when I get back. I believe…placing Bai Kaluo as one of our special elites in the Hundred Tiger Building shouldn’t be a problem.” The grey robed man smiled.

Nuolan Shan’s smile deepened.

After awhile.

There was only Nuolan Shan left in the room, “Peng! Peng! Peng!” There were knocks on the door.

“Enter.” Nuolan Shan shouted.

The door opened, a black robed Bai Kaluo, along with the pointy eared De Wen entered.

“Ancestor (Teacher).” De Wen and Bai Kaluo bowed respectfully.

“Hm.”

Nuolan Shan looked up at the two before him, the black robed Bai Kaluo with a face full of green scales, made his entire exterior look cold. However Nuolan Shan fancied it more as he looked, “Bai Kaluo, I’ve just arranged with the Hundred Tiger Building to place you as a special elite to be nurtured.”

“Thank you teacher.” Bai Kaluo bowed slightly.

“Yes.”

Nuolan Shan turned to look at De Wen, “De Wen, you and Bai Kaluo should be reaching earth soon.”

“Ancestor, we are really close to earth now, I estimate that we will reach in 3 days.” De Wen’s eyes were filled with anticipation, after travelling for 2 years and 8 months, naturally he was anxious.

“Very good.” Nuolan Shan was excited.

“Bai Kaluo, “Nuolan Shan looked at him.

“Teacher.” Bai Kaluo replied respectfully.

“Remember, the first goal of heading into earth…acquire that automaton ship! Don’t arouse or disturb the armies of earth, or even that Luo Feng. First acquire that ship! That is the priority!” Nuolan Shan’s expression was serious, “When you’ve acquired that ship, if you get the chance, get rid of that Luo Feng.”

“Yes!”

Bai Kaluo and De Wen replied respectfully.

“Go on, I’ll await your good news.” Nuolan Shan smiled.

Bai Kaluo and De Wen left immediately.

Simultaneously when Bai Kaluo had just concluded his battle, within the slaughterhouse battle arena.

“Break!”

Luo Feng looked at his opponent, a golden swordfish formed a beautiful arc, leaving people enticed from its shocking beauty, the swordfish had already pierced through the opponent’s head.

Crazy, victory!

“Break!”

Covered in the golden domain, the gold swordfish was extremely excited, it jumped around, shook about and waved its tail, immediately forming a beautiful arc, easily piercing through what seemed like an impenetrable defense, right through the opponent’s forehead.

Crazy, victory!

“Break!”

“Break!”

“Break!”

……

The reputation of Crazy was widespread within the Black Dragon Mountain island slaughterhouse.

“Crazy, is a powerful nine star rated fighter, battling against higher levels in every battle!

His earlier self was only a star level 6 spirit reader, he however had already cleared and demolished all within his level, when he stepped into the star level 7, he swiftly reached the 9 star grade and was invincible within his own level, even when he battled against higher levels, he had a 99% winning percentage.

Incredible terrifying!

Within the Black Dragon Mountain star field, there were already many powers taking note of this genius! Whether it was the 4 leviathans, or the 2 sacred lands, they all extended their invitations and hands to this absolute genius…

However, this genius called Crazy didn’t bother with them at all.

“It’s over, I’ll stop here.” Luo Feng smiled, vanishing from the battle arena.

Mars.

Within the ship, sitting crossed legged, Luo Feng opened his eyes.

“The slaughterhouse in Black Dragon Mountain starfield, not much of a challenge at all.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

“What are you proud of? You use the golden horned beast, with a 4 layer domain, and comprehension of the golden universe laws. You must know…even in the huge axe dojo, like that universe level death battle, if any one began to comprehend the universe laws, it would be instant victory!”

“You comprehend the laws and have a 4 layer domain!”

“Even more importantly, your consciousness level far exceeds those of the same level, because your consciousness is that of the golden horned beast.”

“Domain, universe laws, consciousness level, all incredibly strong. What’s so strange about being invincible within the same level in the Black Dragon Mountain star field?”

“If you want to compete, compete with all the geniuses in the Ganwu empire, compete with all the geniuses of the universe!”

Babata can’t stand it when Luo Feng gets cocky, so he jumps in to knock him down time and again.

Luo Feng grinned, immediately flying out of the universe ship and landing on the surface of Mars.

“Rumble…”

In the distance was an incredibly huge, beast that was hard to see end to end, covered in black scales, breaking out from the ground! It’s eyes were cold and brutal, they gleamed gold as it looked at Luo Feng, after which, the space beast vanished and entered into Luo Feng’s internal world.

“Deity of the World, it’s really hard to train!”

“Luckily from the world within a world, I got a shocking amount of wealth and was able to afford all these valuable materials. No wonder so many golden horned beast only manage to finish the first level with their entire life span.” Luo Feng exclaimed and shook his head before flying swiftly back into the ship.

Rumble…

The universe ship took off and left mars as it headed towards earth.


Chapter 374: Master

Earth, Asia Continent, China’s Yangzhou city.

Luo Feng put away the universe ship and headed towards the lower end of the Westlake courtyard, it was about the evening, the red sun was in the west side of the sky, shining down on the yellow grass patch below. On the grass patch however was an extra large alloy stage, on it were two boys with knives in their hands, engaged in battle.

Rumble! Rumble!

The air exploded about, their speed alone created sonic booms.

“Stop!” Beside the stage, a bald simple and kind man with thick lips smiled, there was even a peculiar marking on his bald head, similar to Buddhists with various types of markings on their heads.

The two boys stopped.

The bald headed thick lipped man slightly bowed, their eyes filled with pure respect, “Master.”

“Di Fan, it’s been hard on you.” Luo Feng descended, his boots landing beside the stage.

“Daddy!”

“Daddy!” Luo Hai and Luo Ping, their eyes gleamed as they shouted in glee and ran towards Luo Feng.

Luo Feng laughed as he looked as his two children, two years had passed and his two children had gotten even more exceptional. With enough capital to nurture them with the best, along with the techniques from both the Golden Horned Beast inheritance and the Yun Mo Planet, his two children received the optimum training and nurture.

Right now, the two children were already comparable to advanced level wargods.

This level may seem exaggerated on earth, however in the universe, it wasn’t much.

6 or 7 year old children with better bloodlines, even without special nurturing, would usually reach the star traveller level at this age.

“How have these two’s performance recently been?” Luo Feng smiled as he looked at the bald thick lipped Di Fan.

“The two masters have been working hard, their knifework foundation is very solid.” Di Fan complimented.

“Daddy, you heard it.”

“We have been working very hard.”

The two children said proudly.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh, “You two go play first, I have something to discuss with uncle Di Fan.”

“Ok.”

The two nodded and exchanged glances, their eyes filled glee as they headed swiftly towards the castle. To them, to be able to enter the virtual universe and play games was an extremely happy time. There were many other children similar in age to them.

“Di Fan, how has your training recently been?” Luo Feng smiled and asked.

“The soul cutter technique master has given me is incomparably deep, I just made a little progress recently, but…I still have many areas which I haven’t understood.” Di Fan said respectfully.

“Tell me.” Luo Feng said.

“Please shed some light on these.” Di Fan said respectfully, “This soul cutter first level, concerning the spirit reading energy fusing with the blade…”

Di Fan asked and Luo Feng answered.

Accurately speaking, it was Babata answering, because the soul cutter technique was an extremely strong technique from the Yun Mo Planet, it was something the Yun Mo Master had come across by chance at a historical remain, so there weren’t any particular requirements to train it. And the soul imprint technique required him to transfer his soul first.

The soul cutter’s training experience, Babata remembered it all clearly.

Hence when Di Fan met any problems, Babata could answer and Luo Feng would communicate on his behalf.

“This Di Fan…”

After Luo Feng had finished, he pondered deeply while looking at Di Fan before him, exclaiming within, “I got lucky to be able to buy such a slave.”

Yes!

Di Fan was a slave Luo Feng had bought, a universe level 9 slave!

In the vast universe, relying on the living microchip control technique, one could at most control up to a universe level 9 slave, that was because the moment one broke through to the domain lord level…a domain lord could easily break the microchip within his brain and not die, hence, the highest level available was only universe level 9.

Of which, a universe level 1 slave’s price was usually around 10 million to 30 million universe dollars. Comparable to about 10 life planets in price.

And a universe level 4 slave was priced around 1hundred million to 3 hundred million universe dollars.

Universe level 7 slaves were priced around 1 billion to 3 billion universe dollars.

Universe level 8 slaves were about 3 billion to 10 billion universe dollars.

A universe level 9 slave too was about 3 billion to 10 billion universe dollars.

As to why there was hardly any difference between a universe level 8 and 9, this was because…buying a universe level 9 slave came with risks! Even though it was extremely hard for a universe 9 to breakthrough to the domain lord level, there was still a possibility… one never knew and the universe level 9 slave might just breakthrough.

Breaking through to the domain lord level, regaining control from the living microchip!

It was very likely that in his rage, he would kill the master that controlled him! In the universe, universe level 9s that broke through and killed their masters out of rage, has happened many times, which resulted in the price of a universe level 9 and 8 not having much difference in price.

Di Fan, a universe level 9 slave, to be able to train until universe level 9, it showed that his talent was indeed high.

Back when Luo Feng bought Di Fan from the slave trader, the slave trader even warned him, “Sir, these universe level 9 slaves come with high risks, the moment he breaks through, no one will be able to control him. Why not you first by a universe level 8 slave. Even though its 1 level down, it’s much safer, when it actually rises up to universe level 9, you can sell him and you wouldn’t have made any losses!”

“I’ll buy him!” Luo Feng didn’t even hesitate.

After buying Di Fan, Luo Feng unleashed his Golden Horned Beast body, through that body he used his newly trained Slave Soul imprint on him, ordering Di Fan and making him unable to resist.

As a slave, Di Fan naturally wouldn’t resist!

Just like that…

Luo Feng used the slave soul imprint and planted it within Di Fan’s soul, deep in his very essence. From that point on…Di Fan would become Luo Feng’s most loyal slave, because this was a loyalty from the depths of his soul!

“Using the slave soul imprint to control people also affects your soul, your teacher, could only control 9 great undying slaves, hence, you have to value quality over quantity!” Babata reminded Luo Feng.

“Understood.”

Luo Feng trained the soul imprint technique, carefully reading everything about it and its uses along with its effects etc, of course he was clear…choosing a slave, he had to be extremely prudent and cautious. This was because he was controlling this slave via his soul, with the link between their souls, the master could completely control the slave, but the slave could also affect the master.

“Di Fan became a slave from early on, as a slave, he trained under very poor conditions, but he still managed to train to this level. I’ve also checked on his background…he is worthy of becoming one of my soul slaves.”

Di Fan, Luo Feng’s 1st true slave!

The Nuolan Shan family’s universe ship could arrive on earth at any time, hence Luo Feng didn’t return into the nutrition cabin again, patiently waiting on earth for their arrival.

……

China, Year 2065 28th October, Solar system area.

A streamlined ship with an axe head, a d3 grade universe ship, was almost like a shooting star, heading towards the solar system.

Within the control room of the ship.

Dressed in a black robe, Bai Kala was with the blue robed De Wen, they stood side by side at the control board. The external image simulator allowed the 2 to clearly see the beautiful solar system outside, surrounding that glaring star, planets orbited around perpetually, one of which was a very small and unremarkable blue planet that drew their attention.

“Earth!” Bai Kaluo said coldly.

“Yes, earth, we’ve arrived.” A smile appeared on De Wen’s face, he turned to look at Bai Kaluo, “Bai Kaluo, you remember what teacher said, we’ll first avoid arousing the humans of earth and secretly acquire the automaton ship!”

“I know.” Bai Kaluo replied coldly.

De Wen wasn’t too happy with the response but he smiled and nodded.

……

At this time, within the solar system, on a few scattered asteroids, there were a few of them that were actually installed there. Actually throughout the entire solar system, there were many installed with surveillance systems. One could say…that the entire solar system was incomparably secure. Unless something like an automaton ship with that level of technology arrived, otherwise to go through the solar system undetected…that was impossible!

On one of the asteroids that was randomly placed.

“Du, du du…”

The signal swiftly captured the scene and was sent to the core of the entire planet’s defense and surveillance system…Luo Feng’s castle.

Signals came in from everywhere.

This d3 grade ship was scanned and it’s image captured entirely and clearly.

Earth, China night time, about 7pm.

The sky had long gone dark.

The entire Yang Zhou city was bustling, the lights glaring, and as the the sacred land of countless fighters…Luo Feng’s Westlake courtyard was filled with laughter.

Luo Feng and his family were surrounding the table and having dinner.

Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan and his younger brother Luo Hua with his wife and kids, along with Luo Feng’s wife and 2 children, also there was also his 1st slave Di Fan, altogether.

“Uncle Di Fan, I really did train my knife skills for an hour this afternoon, right.” Little Hai shouted.

“Yes.” Di Fan smiled and nodded.

“Mum, you heard it.” Little Hai moved his eyebrows, looking at his mother beside Xu Xin.

Luo Feng looked at his son’s adorable behavior, he couldn’t help but smile, suddenly his quantum computer on his arm started beeping, “Di, di, di…”

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

This was an alarm system he had set up long before, the moment something happened within the planet’s surveillance system, it would alarm him.

Luo Feng looked down and a screen appeared from his quantum computer, a streamlined shaped universe ship with an axe head was swiftly flying through the solar system, heading towards earth.

“They’ve arrived.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Dad, Mum, you all eat first, I have something to attend to.” Luo Feng stood up.

“You have so many things to do.” Luo Hong Guo said,

Luo Feng smiled, at the same time patting his two childrens’ heads, holding his wife’s hand, saying softly, “Xu Xin, I’ll be going out for awhile, probably be back tomorrow morning.”

“Be careful.” Xu Xin said.

His family were all clear that Luo Feng would occasionally have important matters to attend to, and times when he would shut himself away for half a month, hence for him to be able to have dinner with them was a rare occasion. As for Luo Feng leaving suddenly, they were used to it already, the only thing was…dinner wasn’t finished yet, hence his father Luo Hong Guo had to mention it.

“Di Fan.” Luo Feng gave him a look.

Di Fan stood up too.

The 2 swiftly left the castle.

Sou! Sou!

The 2 rushed into the sky, heading straight towards the air above Yang Zhou city, a black disc shaped universe ship suddenly appeared in mid air and Luo Feng and Di Fan entered it, immediately changing into their alloy armors and boots etc.

Rumble!

The universe ship accelerated and headed straight through the atmosphere, swiftly leaving earth and into space.

Battle!

If it were to happen, it would have to happen in space. A universe level battle…to a small planet, is a disaster.


Chapter 375: Intense Space Battle

The black disc shaped universe shipped became a beam of light and swiftly pierced through the stratosphere of earth and into space.

Within the universe ship’s control room.

Luo Feng stood expressionless at the control board screen, behind him stood his slave Di Fan. The 2 had on their alloy armors…They gleamed under the light of the control room.

“How much longer before they arrive.” Luo Feng said towards the screen.

A little devil head appeared on the screen: “If that d3 grade ship maintains its speed, it will take about 8 hours 49 minutes to reach earth.”

“8 hours 49 minutes?” Luo Feng smiled, “Then let’s go welcome them!”

“Yes!”

The entire ship immediately began to accelerate, even though its acceleration was extremely fast, because there was an automatic gravitational force adjustment within the ship’s system, it made it as though it maintained earth’s gravity force all the way.

The ship headed towards the outer rims of the solar system!

And the ship that the 2nd ancestor head De Wen and Nuolan Shan’s most exceptional disciple Bai Kaluo, that d3 grade ship was heading towards earth.

The two were swiftly closing the distance!

……

Within the d3 grade streamline shaped ship within an axe head’s control room.

“Senior, have you informed teacher?” Bai Kaluo said coldly, entirely dressed in a black robe.

“Yes, the head ancestor knows we’ve reached the solar system, he’s extremely happy.” De Wen’s handsome face revealed a smile, “The head ancestor even said…he will maintain communication and stay on the line in the virtual universe network as he awaits our good news.”

“Ok.”

Bai Kaluo nodded.

“Di! Di! Di!”

An ear piercing alarm resounded within the control room, immediately De Wen’s expression changed.

“Warning, warning, the surveillance system has detected a universe ship flying towards us! It’s heading towards us!” A loud and piercing voice resounded within the control room.

“What!” De Wen’s expression changed greatly.

“Universe ship?” Bai Kaluo was shocked too.

The universe was too vast, for a structure like a universe ship, if it were too distant from one’s location in space, it was simply like specks of dust. Bai Kaluo and De Wen had no way to see with their eyes or discover tens of millions of kilometers away there was another ship with a diameter of a 100m.

……

The disc shaped universe ship’s control room, Luo Feng calmly looked at the screen.

“Rail gun cannon activate.” Luo Feng said.

“Understood!” The demon Babata on the screen began its activation.

Immediately the entire upper front portion of the ship’s surface moved, below its first layer of energy shields, its alloy material moved and formed an indentation, revealing a silver, malevolent 6m wide cannon head. The cannon head began to extend out past the energy shield.

Du…

The cannon mouth began to make slight changes, light began to gather at the depths of the tip, the space around seemed to slightly begin to warp.

“Energy activation, countdown, 60, 59, 58, 57…10, 9, 8, 7…3, 2, 1! Activation complete!”

The sound reverberated from the control board throughout the entire control room.

“Babata, grab the chance and destroy them in one blow!” Luo Feng ordered.

“Haha, leave it to me.” The little demon on the screen was extremely proud.

Rail gun canon!

This was one of the presents Luo Feng had prepared for the Nuolan Shan family army, with the early detection, he had known that the ship was only a d3 grade universe ship. Hence over these 2 years, Luo Feng spent a large amount of wealth…and bought a 260 billion universe dollar d5 grade rail gun cannon.

d5 grade rail gun cannon!

Any technological based weapon that reached the c grade would already belong to the heavenly grade. It was hard through normal routes! Also these technological based weapons had very exorbitant prices. Even though he could obtain it from the upcoming auction at a lower price, he couldn’t wait any longer.

Hence…

Through a very well connected with a huge back ground company that dealt with special items, he spent 260 billion universe dollars and bought a d5 grade rail gun cannon.

In a galaxy like the milky way, to be able to reach the price of 260 billion universe dollars was already not bad.

It was obvious that Luo Feng had spent a lot of money! And this was also after Luo Feng had spent a large amount of money before at this place, hence… they agreed to help him get a d5 grade rail gun cannon. Otherwise without the earlier patronage, this shop wouldn’t even have helped Luo Feng get such a high level weapon.

As for the huge amount of money spent before…

It was for Luo Feng’s training of Deity of the world, buying all the incomparably valuable materials!

The money spent on those materials was much more than the amount spent on the cannon.

Many Golden Horned Beasts, till death, only managed to train to the 1st level of Deity of the world, obviously the price and wealth required to train this was extremely high! The Golden Horned Beast, normally were the pinnacle of sector lords, with 3 separate bodies! Hence Luo Feng could buy these materials through the human world markets, these Golden Horned Beasts too would naturally create a human body and use it to buy metals in the human market!

As for the pinnacle of sector lord strength, the wealth behind it was shocking, however most were still only at level 1 of the technique!

The training of the deity of the world was to allow the Golden Horned Beast to shrink its body, it’s bone and muscle density etc increasing in density too, causing its strength to rise greatly. Normally the younger one began to train, the easier it was. Similar to human children being more malleable in training, the stronger and bigger the body, the harder it was to shrink after.

Hence…

For a universe level Golden Horned Beast, training was a little easier. However even so, to fully complete the 1st level alone required a large amount of valuable materials and Luo Feng was still short of 2 of them.

These materials were more valuable, extremely rare!

Luo Feng had bought these 2 materials at the Rare items shop and spent a huge amount of his wealth on them, hence the shop valued this super client of theirs! Thus they were willing to help get him the d5 grade rail gun cannon!

“Railgun Cannon!”

“Fire!”

Within the control room, Babata’s excited roar resounded about.

……

Space.

The d3 grade universe ship had already detected the black disc shaped universe ship drawing closer and closer.

“It’s a c9 grade ship.” De Wen creased his eyebrows, “Can we shake them?”

“Master, we are flying towards earth, they are flying from earth, no matter where we change our direction to, they’ll still easily get closer to us, we cannot shake them!” On the screen, the voice of the AI spoke, “Also, for us to change our speeds too would require quite a bit of time.”

Even though a universe ship could reach light speed, it would still require quite some time to accelerate to reach the limit speed, light speed.

And for the ship to accelerate or reduce its speed etc, it couldn’t do it immediately.

This made it easy for the other side to close in!

“If we weren’t heading to earth, it’d be easy to shake them.” The AI said.

“Don’t bother with that ship!” Bai Kaluo ordered coldly, “A c9 grade universe ship cannot affect us.”

“This ship must be under Luo Feng.” De Wen creased his eyebrows, “Right now, I’m afraid he already knows we are here. The head ancestor ordered us to secretly acquire the automaton ship.”

“Since we’ve already been discovered, there’s no longer a need to hide.” Bai Kaluo said coldly, “Continue advancing towards earth.”

Bai Kaluo and De Wen had only debated for a few seconds.

“Rumble!”

A rail gun cannon wave that was hard to see with the naked eye, leaving only a slight wave behind it in space, hit the d3 grade universe ship at light speed. Without any preparation or defense, getting attacked by the rail gun cannon…the d3 grade universe ship’s scanning system, which was only at max light speed!

At the same moment the d3 grade ship receives the signal! The shot will have already hit the universe ship!

“Pu!”

The streamlined ship with a huge axe head immediately got torn a big hole in its side, piercing right through the mid portion of the ship and exiting the other side, which caused the ship that was still flying at high speed to tear apart with large amounts of alloy scrap dispersing in all directions, making a pile of rubbish within that area of the solar system.

From the control room scraps, 2 human silhouettes swiftly flew out.

Floating in space.

It was De Wen and Bai Kaluo.

“How can that be?” De Wen stared wide eyed.

“We got shot by a cannon, how is that possible!” The black robed Bai Kaluo raged.

“A light speed long distance weapon that exceeds the d3 grade, this, this is definitely a heavenly grade, in price, it’s even comparable to the level 5 spirit weapons or genetic energy weapons! Even sector lords…normally wouldn’t be able to spend such money, buying such a d grade rail gun cannon!” De Wen shook his head, his face in disbelief, “On earth, how can there be a d grade rail gun cannon that even sector lords cannot afford to buy?”

The d grade rail gun cannon, to a sector lord, even though they could afford it, they still hardly ever bought one. That was because a sector lord’s strike alone far exceeded that of a d grade cannon.

And without a sector lord’s strength, those that could afford a d grade cannon were extremely rare.

“That’s not possible!” De Wen’s face was filled with panic.

“Let’s not worry about this. Without the ship…for us to fly to earth would take a good half a year!” Bai Kaluo said coldly.

Rumble…

From the distant space, at light speed a ship closed in.

“De Wen, the enemy is here!” Bai Kaluo communicated via genetic energy.

“Hm?” De Wen looked up.

A black disc shaped universe ship swiftly closed in, the peculiar thing was however..the ship was constantly slowing down, finally stopping a few hundred km away from their position, the cabin door then opened automatically and a human silhouette swiftly exited and rushed towards them.

A few hundred km, he closed it in a blink of an eye!

This was the bald headed thick lipped, seeming kind and honest man dressed in black armor.

“So fast.” De Wen was shocked.

“Rumble…”

A silver arc knife sliced through, so swift the universe level 6 De Wen couldn’t dodge, his eyes filled with fear, staring wide eyed.

“Tear!”

His head exploded!

Nuolan Shan’s 2nd ancestor head De Wen Nuolan Shan, has died!

The silver knife’s speed didn’t slow down at all, immediately heading towards the black robed Bai Kaluo.


Chapter 376: Sword Clan

Without a sound or trace, Bai Kaluo’s black robe flowed like water swiftly and vanished within his body, revealing his intrepid and malevolent body, he, with a green alloy armor, with scales as its construct, layers and layers of scales added together, and his face too was covered in green scales, without a single strand of hair on his head, only green skin.

His forehead had a peculiar arc, sharp and almost like a blade!

His entire body from head to toe was all green! On his back he carried two battle knives crossed!

“Clang”

His lightning fast draw created a dreamy after image, at the same time, with the knives in his hand, he parried that silver sword attack, immediately slowing it down.

Within the universe ship control room, through the external image simulator, Luo Feng could clearly see the exchange between the two, when Bai Kaluo revealed his true face, Luo Feng was shocked.

“Sword clan!” From the screen of the control board, the demon Babata was shocked.

“Sword clan?” Luo Feng said with shock.

“Right, sword clan, this person. His features seem to match that of the sword clan.”

“Sword clan, a very renowned and famed race, initially, the sword clan planet was an aboriginal planet! However, even though they were an aboriginal planet, when they were discovered by a universe empire, they already had a domain lord and 12 universe levels…the sword clan people, as long as they reach maturity, they’ll become star travellers.

This was a very strong planet.

However, as they hadn’t developed their technology, they didn’t have universe ships and hence the sword clan people had always remained on their planet. And after entering the universe, they slowly grew. Even before they entered the universe, they had explorer experience and traditions, every mature member had to explore and risk their lives on the planet.

And after entering the universe, every matured clan member would explore the universe and go through life or death missions!

The sword clan people don’t seem to bother much about power or luxury, they seemed to only chase the path of getting stronger. Some would become disciples of absolute warriors, or go to other powers to learn techniques…

This made many absolute warriors within the sword clan!

In the history of the sword clan, undying beings, sector lords, they were all there. Hence the sword clan was a race very renowned within the human races of the universe.” Babata explained in detail.

“Oh?” Luo Feng was somewhat shocked.

“Star traveller at maturity, in the human races, that wasn’t too strong a race. However the sword clan, the reason why they had such a reputation was their personality!” Babata said, “Because of their unwavering determination, working hard to constantly grow stronger. This personality and trait is within their bones, hence they’ve produced so many powerful warriors.”

While Luo Feng was shocked at the sword clan, simultaneously in space, The universe level 9 Di Fan was engaged in a mad battle with Bai Kaluo.

Di Fan stood in space controlling his spirit weapon!

A green violent wind surrounded Bai Kaluo’s surroundings, causing his body to appear blurry, his two battle knives had already reached their limit speed, mixed in with the ferocious wind domain, forming a continuous blade storm.

“Clang clang clang!!!”

That arc blade clashed with the snow white blade over and over, causing Di Fan’s face to reveal shock, the sword clan man was obviously only a universe level 8, however relying on these two knives he’s managed to block all his spirit weapon attacks.

“100 knives!” Bai Kaluo shouted malevolently.

Rumble!

A large amount of snow white blades overlapped each other, forming a bladestorm that filled the surroundings, quickly engulfing Di Fan, with a peng sound, the huge wave of blades came crashing down on him, Di Fan’s face was pale.

“Hm?” Bai Kaluo revealed shock, Di Fan had managed to block his final attack.

“This bastard…” Di Fan squinted his eyes, shouting, “Soul blade cutter!”

A formless spirit attack immediately formed a blade that was invisible to the naked eye, swiftly piercing through Bai Kaluo’s consciousness.

Chi!

Bai Kaluo’s eyes seemed to dim a little before recovering, staring hard at Di Fan.

“He actually blocked it.” Di Fan was extremely shocked.

Within the universe ship, Luo Feng too couldn’t help but exclaim.

“He actually blocked it.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

This Bai Kaluo was a true genius!

A universe level 8, able to rely on two blades to forcefully block a universe level 9’s spirit weapon. This in itself was incredible! However…at that, Luo Feng was only complimenting, not too shocked. This was because Di Fan’s true skill wasn’t in his control of a spirit weapon, he was best at his soul attacks.

Along with the training of the soul cutter technique, even though he had only barely grasped it, its power was shocking.

A universe level 9 spirit reader, unleashing the soul cutter, and it was actually blocked by a universe level 8!

“Shocking willpower.” On the screen, the demon shouted excitedly, “His willpower is too shocking, this Bai Kaluo is a universe level 8 fighter, and also a universe level 8 spirit reader. However that Di Fan’s soul cutter’s power is huge, even same level opponents would find it hard to block, but he actually managed it.”

“Willpower! He has incredible and shocking willpower!” The demon said, “Luo Feng, quickly, use the slave soul imprint and keep him! He will definitely be a slave even more exceptional than Di Fan!”

“Keep him?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Every single slave had to be considered greatly before.

“I can guarantee that he definitely has the standard of the Battle-axe fighter, even compared to his teacher, if they were the same level, his teacher Nuolan Shan may not even be his match.” The demon Babata howled, “His domain is strong, his knife skills are powerful, these don’t mean much. But his shocking willpower, it shows he’s resolve is very strong, he definitely has the potential and makings of an absolute warrior, as long as you nurture him well…Luo Feng, these opportunities are rare!”

“A Battle-axe fighter standard, stepping into the domain lord, they even have up to a 50% chance.”

“What’s more, with his shocking willpower, along with the techniques of the Yun Mo Planet, stepping into the domain lord level, there’s an even higher chance.” Babata shouted, “And, you lack a fighter slave!”

Luo Feng nodded.

Di Fan was proficient in soul attacks!

His underlings, he indeed lacked a fighter slave!

In space.

“Your spirit attacks are very strong.” Bai Kaluo’s eyes were cold, he gritted his teeth and shouted, “However, the final victor will be me!!!”

Rumble!

Moving within the ferocious winds, Bai Kaluo’s body floated and became an arced line, the green mad winds about him covered the two swords that were madly cutting towards Di Fan! The blades carried in them genetic energy, strength, willpower, and they all reached a perfect level of harmony.

“Blade…cycle!!!”

There was madness within Bai Kaluo’s eyes, the two blades became two snow white lights, madly cutting towards Di Fan! They seemed untiring and continuous, very quickly forming a huge light cycle, pressuring down on Di Fan.

“Chi.” The spirit weapon was knocked away and Di Fan spit out blood, a flash of pity appeared in his eyes and he unleashed his final technique his master Luo Feng had prepared for him.

“Peng…”

A dark blue light swiftly knocked and broke the light circle, causing the large amount of light that the blades had formed to crumble, this too had caused the dark blue light to bounce back, this shard that seemed broken and small…the hybrid copper essence shard! This immensely sharp shard formed an arc and headed towards Bai Kaluo.

“Spare his life.” An order resounded within Di Fan’s consciousness.

The soul imprint that penetrated the soul, that was Luo Feng’s connection with Di Fan, to be able to communicate directly through their consciousness, just like an AI communicating humans, or like the cloud contact vine with Luo Feng’s consciousness.

“Chi!”

The dark blue light formed an arc and immediately slashed both of Bai Kaluo’s arms, they split open and his blades fell!

There was silence in space, the ship remains were scattered and floating in the distance, the universe level De Wen’s body was still floating in the distant space, and Bai Kaluo was standing still in space.

“Destroy his AI.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Hu!”

The dark blue light cut past Bai Kaluo’s arm, immediately destroying the AI, and Bai Kaluo’s stared at the distant Di Fan, communicating solemnly, “Why are you not killing me?”

“It’s an order from my master.” Di Fan looked at him.

“Master?” Bai Kaluo creased his eyebrows.

The cabin door of the distant disc shaped universe ship opened and a human silhouette flew out, it was the cloud contact vine clad Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng!” Bai Kaluo squinted his eyes.

“Bai Kaluo, you’ve lost.” Luo Feng looked at Bai Kaluo before him.

Even though his wrist flesh had been sliced open, it was regenerating, he however stared hard at Luo Feng, obviously it was clear to him…his lost this time was and utter defeat.

“I didn’t expect you to have a universe level 9 slave, my teacher didn’t expect it too. You even have a d grade long distance light weapon…I’ve lost completely.” Bai Kaluo laughed coldly, “Luo Feng, just kill me if you want to! With your slave here, I have no resistance at all. In this space, I have nowhere to escape to also!”

The vast space, without a ship, where could he escape to?

“I think highly of you.”

Luo Feng looked at Bai Kaluo, “I’ll give you two options right now, one is to serve me, the other is to die.”

“Serve or die, you can choose.” Luo Feng looked at him.

“Serve you?” Haha…”Bai Kaluo laughed loudly, “Luo Feng are you joking, just you, a star level punk, actually want me to serve you, if it were that baldy asking me to serve him, I might still consider, he is truly strong, that last technique easily defeated me.”

“But you…a star level punk, wanting me to serve you…”Bai Kaluo shook his head.

“Think carefully before you answer.”

Luo Feng’s voice was ice cold, “The moment you reject, that means death! Once you die, everything will be void! Your warrior dreams, whatever you are chasing, nothing.”

“This is the last time I’m asking!” Luo Feng said coldly.

“Death, or submission!” Luo Feng stared at Bai Kaluo.


Chapter 377: Luo Feng’s Strength

Within the vast space, 3 human silhouettes stood in space.

“Luo Feng, you really want to kill him?” Babata’s voice resounded, “He definitely has the potential and makings of an absolute warrior!”

“Hmph!”

“I admire his backbone, but I’m not about to grovel and beg him to submit. Since he came to kill me…originally, I should kill him!” Luo Feng’s expression was cold, “I admire him, giving him the chance to submit but if he refuses…I’ll just kill him! Makings of an absolute warrior? Don’t even say the makings of, even absolute warriors now, like sector lords or undying! There are many in the vast universe!”

Luo Feng looked at Bai Kaluo, waiting for his reply.

Bai Kaluo stood in space, his eyebrows creased.

“The moment you reject, that means death! Once you die, everything will be void! What you are chasing, your dreams, everything will be gone.” Luo Feng’s words reverberated within his mind, causing him to unconsciously reminisce his struggles from back then.

That beautiful planet, his home.

That wide and flowing river, he’d seen it countless times in his dreams.

“Grandpa, I’m leaving.”

“When I return, it’ll be the day my name goes up in the temple! I’ll definitely make our Iron Stone Mountain clan proud of me!”

That dark night, the young Bai Kaluo bid goodbye to his grandfather, beginning his long journey.

Leaving his home and entering the universe.

Wave after wave of adventures in the galaxy, his strength grew continuously. After witnessing Nuolan Shan in the battle footage from the Battle-Axe Coliseum, he idolized Nuolan Shan. Nuolan Shan was a definite pro-war faction, from the moment he became a disciple he had to endure life or death battles, and Bai Kaluo fought extremely hard and quickly became the most exceptional amongst the others.

Breaking through to the universe level!

Having his own domain!

Creating his own knife techniques, a path of continuous growth, even to the point where his old teacher Nuolan Shan couldn’t teach him! His battle experience, skills etc, were comparable to that of his teacher!

Becoming one in the Nuolan Shan family with a status similar to that of Nuolan Shan himself!

However he never relaxed, always covered in the black robe, focusing his entire self on his techniques, his domain…

“The temple!”

“The Sword Clan’s temple!” Bai Kaluo roared within, “I, Bai Kaluo, must have my name in that temple. I must make the Iron Stone Mountain Clan proud of me! I will become a legend amongst the Iron Stone mountain clan of the Sword Clan!”

The sword clan’s temple.

All of the sword clan’s males, this was their most dreamt of achievement, engraving their name in that temple was their biggest pride!

But to actually get one’s name engraved up there was really difficult. Since the numbers of warriors grew, the conditions required to get one’s name engraved became harder and harder.

During its aboriginal period, one only had to reach the universe level to get up.

After the Sword clan entered the universe, it got risen to domain lord level.

And a few hundred million years ago, it once again rose to sector lord level. Even in the Sword clan, it still took a long time before a name would get engraved, it was their greatest honor.

Getting one’s name engraved meant becoming one of the sword clan’s legends.

“Engraving my name and becoming a legend!” Bai Kaluo raised his head and stared at the dark red armor clad youth.

“Have you considered properly?”

Luo Feng stared coldly at Bai Kaluo, “Submit or death!”

Hu!

Bai Kaluo knelt down on one knee in mid space, lowering his head, “Sword clan Bai Kaluo pays his respects to the lord!”

“Lord?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

“When the lord’s power exceeds mine, I will willingly greet him as master.” Bai Kaluo said respectfully, “And right now, I’m willing to be one of Lord’ soldiers, a bodyguard.”

“Soldier, bodyguard?” Luo Feng looked peculiarly at Bai Kaluo, “You can call me master right now!”

Bai Kaluo creased his eyebrows.

“Haha…” Luo Feng laughed loudly in the universe.

Rumble…

Luo Feng vanished, at the same time with movement, an enormous mountain like beast appeared in space, it’s scales alone were bigger than ordinary tables, their edges sharp like knives, it’s entire length exceeded a shocking 6km, four claws 2 to 3 km long, almost like the legendary pillars supporting heaven.

That long tail waved about in space.

It’s huge head, was almost like a mountain, its dark gold eyes looking down on the little speck Bai Kaluo.

“Gold, golden…” Bai Kaluo stared wide eyed, “Golden Horned Beast!”

“Right, it’s me.”

A powerful sound, imbued with large amounts of genetic energy pierced through the space, ripples of power dispersing throughout, reverberating in Bai Kaluo’s ear.

Rumble!

The Golden Horned Beast vanished and Luo Feng appeared, seemingly laughing at Bai Kaluo.

Rumble!

Luo Feng vanished and the enormous Golden Horned Beast once again appeared in space.

“Do you understand?” The Golden Horned Beast’s voice was like thunder, his gaze sharp and staring straight at Bai Kaluo. It was physically impossible to speak in space, however with it’s large amount of genetic energy medium, along with the massive amount of genetic energy from the Golden Horned Beast itself, its voice reverberated throughout space.

“You, you are…” Bai Kaluo was extremely shocked, “So all this while Luo Feng is the Golden Horned Beast!”

“Accurately speaking, the Golden Horned Beast is Luo Feng!”

The Golden Horned Beast vanished and Luo Feng stood in space staring at Bai Kaluo, before when he ordered Di Fan to destroy Bai Kaluo’s quantum computer, it was all for his revelation…the secret of the Golden Horned Beast had to be kept, hence he couldn’t get careless. As for revealing its body, it was for the sake of unleashing the slave soul imprint!

“Since its like that, this…” Bai Kaluo was extremely shaken, looking at Luo Feng, “You will be stronger than me, I admit, however the Golden Horned Beast now should still be weaker than I currently.”

“Weaker than you?” Luo Feng laughed.

“Bai Kaluo, even I am no match for master. You? You’ll only become a sandbag!” Di Fan laughed mockingly via genetic energy on the side.

“What!” Bai Kaluo shook his head, “That’s impossible!”

“You can try it and you’ll know.” Luo Feng curled his lips and smiled.

Rumble…

Luo Feng vanished and the Golden Horned Beast once again appeared in space, the Golden Horned Beast had currently already reached the universe level 6.

Around December of 2 years ago, The Golden Horned Beast had broken through to the universe level.

As of now, the end of October, it had already been a total of 20 months. Within these 20 months, because he had a large amount of wealth, he could afford the expensive and valuable metals, allowing the internal world to grow with maximum efficiency, however even the optimum efficiency and metal groupings at the universe level could only raise the rate to 56 times!

56 times!

20 months, normal evolution would take 93 over years.

The Golden Horned Beast during the star level period.

Stage 1 to 3 required a year and a half.

Stages 4 to 6, every stage required 2 years each, a total of 6 years.

Stage 7 to 9, every stage required 12 years, a total of 36 years.

And stage 9 to the universe level required over 50 years. The entire star level period required close to a hundred years.

And the universe level period required close to 1,000 years!

Stages 1 to 3 required about 15 years.

Stages 4 to 6, every stage required 20 years, a total of 60 years.

Stages 7 to 9, each one required 120 years, a total of 360 years.

And finally universe stage 9 to the domain lord stage, required over 500 years.

This was the evolution speed!

And with Luo Feng’s optimum groupings, normal evolution would take 93 years, the Golden Horned Beast was currently already at the end of the universe level 6! As the genius and extremely talented Golden Horned Beast, at the star level 7, it already had the ability to kill star level 9 fighters already.

In space.

Like an enormous black mountain, the Golden Horned Beast fiercely waved its claws and the tip of every claw was like a huge battle knife swinging at Bai Kaluo.

“Roar!” Bai Kaluo roared, green wind dancing about his surroundings, flowing with his gathering of genetic energy, the 2 battle knives became a blade storm wave that was 10m high, directly clashing with the Golden Horned Beast’s claw!

Rumble!

The clash ripples exploded, the immense force of the waves became shockingly powerful ripples that dispersed in all directions, knocking and shaking the distant corpse of De Wen and sending a large amount of the ship debris into a mess.

“You, are not bad!” The Golden Horned Beast’s voice rumbled, almost like a god.

Rumble!!!

The Golden Horned Beast’s 3 horns emitted a glaring light, following which the gold light swiftly flowed through the peculiar golden engravings throughout the Golden Horned Beast’s body, its scaled wings, its claws, its horns, even its tail seemed to all undergo changes, even the scales seemed to condense together, its claws getting even sharper.

One of the three natural talents, strengthen!

The Golden Horned Beast’s power raised immensely in an instant!

“Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!”

All that could be seen was the claws that were almost like the heavenly pillars stomping and scratching downwards, under its strengthening, that incomparably powerful force caused Bai Kaluo to be unable to defend at all.

“Howl!”

The Golden Horned Beast let out an excited howl.

Weng weng weng…

The Golden Horned Beast began to emit strange ripples, the peculiar thing was its entire body was swiftly shrinking, every scale of it was shrinking, and at the same time, the structure of the scales themselves seemed to change! It’s bones too were shrinking, what was once a 6km long beast had shrunk to just 2 to 3km long, its density had increased greatly, its vertebrate bone had undergone a peculiar change.

Its 3 horns on its head too had shrunk! Its density even greater than before!

Yes!

The entire Golden Horned Beast, from a body length of over 6km had shrunk directly down to only 3km.

Deity of the world, the 1st stage!

After the 1st stage had been completely mastered, the body length would be shrunk down to 1/3 the size, increasing it’s power by 3 times. And right now, with all the huge amounts of wealth buying the precious materials to train it, Luo Feng had managed to achieve a shrinking of 2 times, increasing its power by 2 times!

Strengthening increased its power 2 times!

Deity of the world increased it another 2 times!

“Rumble!” It’s claws slashed, causing Bai Kaluo to spit out blood immediately.

“Xiu!”

A quick as lightning tail brushed past, so fast Bai Kaluo didn’t even have time to dodge, getting knocked so hard his blades were thrown out of his hands and his arms split open immediately, fresh blood splattering all over. Luckily the Golden Horned Beast had held back, without attacking with its full force, otherwise it would have easily killed Bai Kaluo.

The Golden Horned Beast vanished and Luo Feng appeared in space.

“Di Fan.” Luo Feng looked at him floating in space, the heavily injured and unable to resist Bai Kaluo, “Go, send him into the nutrition cabin to recover.”

“Yes.” Di Fan’s simple and honest face revealed a peculiar smile.

He had been his masters sparring partner and bullied many times. Now, he finally had a ‘partner’ to suffer with him.

“Strengthening talent, deity of the world, unleashing both together! Di Fan and Bai Kaluo couldn’t defend against it at all.” Luo Feng shook his head and smiled, “And I haven’t even unleashed a bit of the origin laws of gold with my attack.”

Sleeping and eating and vice versa, he naturally grew and became one with the Golden Horned Beast, worthy of the name invincible among the same level. Even in the vast universe, it was hard to find a close enough opponent in the same level, should there be any human that could put up a fight, he would definitely be elite amongst the entire universe, the entire human race, from countless universe countries, an absolute genius.

And Luo Feng this Golden Horned Beast, spending lots of wealth to train deity of the world, and to comprehend the origin laws of the universe!

Just hard work alone wasn’t enough…

To be able to defeat the Golden Horned Beast, it was extremely difficult!

Within the universe ship.

“Master.” Bai Kaluo who was tossed into the nutrition cabin shouted willingly.

“Alright, hurry and heal up.” Luo Feng said casually, once he was healed, he still had to use the slave soul imprint.


Chapter 378: Automaton Ship

“De Wen and Bai Kaluo, why haven’t they reported back after so long?” Within the virtual universe, black dragon mountain island, within a luxurious villa’s guest room, dressed in a long robe, Nuolan Shan creased his eyebrows, blinking his red eyes and stared at the screen, serious and severe as he said, “Contact them one more time for me.”

“Yes, master.” The fist size AI helper on Nuolan Shan’s shoulder shouted out loudly and clearly.

Du…du…du…

“Not right.”

“Something’s up.”

“I’m trying to contact them, they wouldn’t dare not answer my call invite.” Nuolan Shan’s eyes were filled with shock and fear, “unless…”

“That’s impossible, with Bai Kaluo’s strength, the 2 of them shouldn’t have met with any trouble at all.” Nuolan Shan shook his head, “Definitely not!”

Waiting in the virtual universe, for any news at all from De Wen or Bai Kaluo, Nuolan Shan began to suspect that something must have happened. However he had too much confidence in his most exceptional disciple Bai Kaluo, against earth, this level of simplicity, he shouldn’t have met any trouble at all.

Minutes and seconds passed.

5 minutes, 10 minutes, half an hour…

1 hour, 2 hours…

Nuolan Shan’s expression grew uglier by the minute, he initially still held onto hope, however after 2 hours had passed and he hadn’t received any news from his disciples. It was clear that something had happened…

“Ah!”

Nuolan Shan growled from deep within his throat, violently waving his hand, knocking the wine glass on the table in front him away, the pots and cups flying in all directions, either smashing against the walls or on the art around, even on the chairs, basically breaking apart loudly all over.

“Luo Feng.” Nuolan Shan’s eyes grew cold, he bit down hard, squeezing out 2 words from within,

“You are vicious!”

“To actually be able to get a universe level 9 or even a domain lord to help you.” Nuolan Shan’s gaze was cold, clenching his fists so tight, his fingers were jabbing at his palm

This loss was tragic!

One, he lost 2 important members of his family De Wen and Bai Kaluo.

2, he was clear that if the opponent could easily deal with Bai Kaluo, then he, Nuolan Shan would have no hope of acquiring the treasures of earth anymore.

“To be able to deal with Bai Kaluo, the opponent must at least be a universe level 9. And a universe level 9…can totally be able to take away that automaton ship.” Nuolan Shan pondered in rage, “Even if I spend 3 years of time and reach earth. It most probably will be just a waste of time! And what’s more on earth, there’s that thing…”

Solar system, mars.

When Nuolan Shan was thinking of Bai Kaluo being killed off, gritting his teeth in rage…

“Do not resist.” A booming rumbling voice reverberated across the sand, the Golden Horned Beast’s enormous body was lying there, its head high and huge like a mountain, gazed down at the little Bai Kaluo.

“Yes.”

Bai Kaluo stood respectfully there.

The Golden Horned Beast began to unleash the Yun Mo Planet’s slave soul imprint. Gradually, a transparent liquid, almost like a droplet flew out from the left eye of the beast, swiftly descending downwards, this crystal like droplet, if one examined it carefully, would discover that there were complex prints within it, floating within the center of the drop!

“Chi!” The droplet entered Bai Kaluo’s forehead.

It immediately seeped in and entered deep within Bai Kaluo’s consciousness.

Within his consciousness.

This was a vast miniature galaxy, it was the place where Bai Kaluo’s soul resided. This mini galaxy was continuously revolving, and the 8 arms of the galaxy similarly spiraled outwards. A drop of water suddenly appeared and immediately entered into the galaxy, a silver sparkling and translucent beam of light swiftly entered and permeated in, everything happened naturally.

……

After about half an hour, standing in the desert, Bai Kaluo opened his eyes and looked at the Golden Horned Beast, his gaze filled with a sense of idolization and worship from within his soul.

“Master.” Bai Kaluo bowed.

The Golden Horned Beast’s eyes too had a slight darkening in its eyes, using the slave soul imprint was akin to cutting off a small piece of its own soul, the damage was huge.

Rumble!

The Golden Horned Beast vanished and Luo Feng appeared.

“The slave soul imprint is indeed mysterious.” Luo Feng looked at the sword clan Bai Kaluo before him, clearly feeling his sense of worship from deep within his soul, almost as though he was looking at his king, “For the teacher to be able to create this slave soul imprint, is really impressive.”

“Di Fan, Bai Kaluo, let’s go, return to earth.” Luo Feng said.

“Yes master!”

Di Fan and Bai Kaluo replied respectfully simultaneously.

The black disc shaped universe ship was heading back to earth from mars.

Within the ship’s control room, Luo Feng and his 2 slaves were conversing.

“Master, all the AI and quantum computers from the debris have been brought over.” Bai Kaluo said respectfully, “There definitely won’t be any leakage of the scene of the Golden Horned Beast revealing its body.”

“Ok.” Luo Feng nodded.

Caution and prudence was the utmost importance, the secret of the Golden Horned Beast indeed couldn’t be leaked out.

“Bai Kaluo, just what trump card does that Nuolan Shan have, and what does he know about earth?” Luo Feng asked.

“Trump card?”

Bai Kaluo shook his head, “That Nuolan Shan doesn’t have any trump card at all, the entire foundation of the family is shallow, except for Nuolan Shan himself as the pillar, the family doesn’t have any big powers at all! This time he sent De Wen and I over, one was to grab the automaton ship and two was to kill you! That bastard, actually thinking of killing master, he deserves death!!!”

Bai Kaluo’s words were filled with killing intent for Nuolan Shan. The slave soul imprint had altered his consciousness and his worship for his master was from within his soul, his master’s life was the most important thing to him.

Hence for Nuolan Shan to try and kill Luo Feng…The current Bai Kaluo was filled with intense hatred from within.

“Haha…”

“That Nuolan Shan, is only a little clown.” Luo Feng laughed.

“Right, you talked about the automaton ship earlier?” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up, these 2 years, he had almost completely immersed himself in comprehending the universe origin laws. Comprehending these laws wasn’t necessarily tedious, it was actually akin to a mother’s hug when one was an infant-a very comforting feeling on the soul.

Two years spent immersed in deep training had caused Luo Feng to forget about…that automaton ship sitting in the Bermuda area of earth.

“Right, that Nuolan Shan has been harping on about that Automaton ship since before, that ship is definitely worth much more than his entire fortune.” Bai Kaluo said respectfully.

“Haha…”Luo Feng laughed.

“Babata.” Luo Feng shouted, “The ship will not return to home yet, we’ll head over to the Bermuda area, it’s time we took that automaton ship.”

“Understood!” The little devil shouted excitedly.

……

The universe ship pierced through the earth’s atmosphere, immediately heading to the Bermuda ocean, after which the universe ship vanished and Luo Feng and his two slaves became three beams of light flying into the ocean.

Within the cold sea waters, there was an enormous white silhouette.

“Hm?” Luo Feng flew closer.

Floating in the ocean, the enormous white pyramid reached a shocking height of 1,200m, larger than any skyscraper on earth. Luo Feng could clearly feel that the floating pyramid slightly warped the surroundings

“Automaton universe ship.” Di Fan’s eyes gleamed.

“This is my first time actually seeing an automaton universe ship in reality.” Bai Kaluo too was shocked, “The automaton race’s technology is too advanced, from the appearance, it’s hard to tell what grade this ship is.”

The technology of the humans of the universe was far from that of the automaton race.

The human constructed universe ships could easily be determined by grade, and a scan would also easily tell what metal or alloy it was built from. However, with the automaton alloys, humans were completely unable to detect the grade from the outside.

“However, according to what Nuolan Shan told me, this automaton ship is at least a D grade.” Bai Kaluo pointed at the huge pyramid, the triangular pathway, “That pathway’s defense should be at the C grade too, the lowest grade of this kind of universe ship is D, hence its price is extremely expensive, many domain lords can’t even afford it.”

“Hm?” Di Fan looked shocked at Bai Kaluo, “That expensive?”

“You can’t just look at its appearance! And that’s on D grade, if it were E grade….that would be too shocking. It’ll definitely be even crazier than the treasures from the world within a world that shook the entire Black Dragon Mountain empire star field.” Bai Kaluo shook his head, “However the chances of it being an E grade is too low.”

“It’s an E grade.” Luo Feng said.

“Master.” Di Fan and Bai Kaluo both turned shocked, Di Fan couldn’t help but ask, “Master, it’s completely impossible to tell the grade from its appearance.”

“It’s an E grade! I’m very sure.” Luo Feng looked at the huge pyramid before him, before turning to looking at his two slaves, “You two, what grades are your armors?”

“Master, I’m wearing an inner level 3 genetic armor, outside a d3 grade alloy armor.” Di Fan said respectfully.

“I’m wearing an inner level 3 genetic armor, outside a d5 alloy armor.” Bai Kaluo said respectfully.

Luo Feng nodded.

Genetic armors were similar to the black god sets from back then; it could easily cover one’s body. However the defensive abilities of the genetic armor was related to the level of the genetic energy. The stronger the genetic energy, the stronger the defense of the armor. These genetic armors were extremely expensive, similar to genetic energy weapons.

The alloy armors were alloys outside, their skill tolerance was very low, just like a huge shield, the prices were cheap…the only drawback was the alloy armors had many openings, not able to protect the body 100% completely.

“Bai Kaluo, how about you enter the automaton ship.” Luo Feng ordered, “This is an AI chip, enter the control room and insert it there.”

“Yes master.” Bai Kaluo respectfully received the chip and flew straight towards the pathway.

Chi Chi…

Within the automaton ship pathway, 3 colored lasers immediately shot out. However, Bai Kaluo’s speed didn’t seem to slow down at all, rushing in straight ahead.

The automaton ship.” Luo Feng looked at the pyramid ship before him, exclaiming within, “This ship’s owner was that automaton undying fighter!”


Chapter 379: Dumbfounded

“Automaton undying!” Luo Feng felt pressure.

Undying. The word itself represented the absolute peak. An undying being alone was enough to topple the entire Black Dragon Mountain star field.

One punch alone from an undying being could destroy an entire planet.

And with a physical body capable of reaching light speed and travelling through universes!

Even interuniversal travel between the actual universe or the dark universe, was as easy as having a meal.

“Babata, would we have any difficulty taking control of a ship owned by an undying?” Luo Feng asked, “Undying beings shouldn’t let others take their ships so easily right.”

“But of course, just like the Yun Mo Planet Ship, if I controlled and shut the door forcefully, even sector lords would be unable to barge into the Yun Mo Planet Ship!” Babata said, “As for that automaton ship, it’ll just be up to your person and luck. Because automaton undying are different from other races of undying.”

“Different?” Luo Feng.

“Right, Luo Feng, let me ask you, what do people normally use to control the ships?” Babata asked.

“AI.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Right, AI. Your teacher used me to control the Yun Mo Planet ship.”

“However the automaton race, every one of them is a living AI! More advanced than any AIs about…as for the most powerful of them, the automaton undying, that’s something even more powerful than someone like me, a living AI.” Babata said, “What do you think he’ll even need an AI for in a ship?”

“You mean…” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“For automaton undying, riding in a ship only require a trillionth of their processing ability to be able to perfectly control a universe ship.” Babata said, “Hence the automaton undying usually don’t even need an AI specifically to control the ships, they can easily handle it themselves.”

“But he’s dead!”

“So there’s no one to control this automaton ship anymore.”

“Now it’s just up to your luck, if this automaton ship has any locked down gates or doors from the entrance to the control room and is hard to open, then that’ll be troublesome.”

“If there are no blocked passages, then that’s lucky.” Babata said.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but hold his breath.

……

Luo Feng and Di Fan, a master and his slave, stood in the deep sea, patiently looking at the huge pyramid ship. Waiting.

About 5 minutes later.

“Master, success.” A thought was communicated over.

“That’s great.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“My auxiliary AI can begin hacking into the control system of the ship. Oh, hacking success! Cutting power to the cabin door! Success!” Babata cheered, “Luo Feng, let’s go, we can enter into the ship now without any worry about the pathways defenses, I’ve already cut off the power.”

“Di Fan, let’s go.” Luo Feng ordered, flying first into the entrance of the pyramid ship.

Entering through the passageway, that area belonged to the lower level of the entire pyramid.

The passageway was quite spacious, as it was 10m wide.

With an alloy armor outside and cloud contact vine armor within, Luo Feng’s defense was completely solid. With but a thought, a long vine extended into the passageway.

“It’s completely safe.” Luo Feng flew in and Di Fan followed beside him.

“What a unique layout.”

Luo Feng entered the ship and was shocked upon his discovery: the entire layout of the pyramid ship was completely different from a human race’s universe ship. Within this ship, there was one main pathway, spiraling upwards in a single helix! Almost like a mountain path going up.

The spiraling pathway was 30m wide, spiraling up the center of the pyramid.

The pyramid ship’s control room was located in the center about 800m from the bottom.

The control room itself was circular, the floors were sparkling and translucent, altogether beautifully made. There actually was no control board in the room, only a large floating crystal ball in the center.

“Master.” Bai Kalo looked at Luo Feng.

“Well done.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Babata, check this ship.” Luo Feng shouted.

“Yes.”

“Energy shields, perfect condition.”

“Damn, the energy shield levels are actually this high, even if we don’t rely on the ship for defense, just the shields alone can block an E9 grade attack. This means…if one didn’t reach the undying level, they couldn’t even break past one level of the energy shields.” Babata’s voice resounded across the control room.

Luo Feng, Di Fan and Bai Kalo were all shocked. Just the energy shields alone were this extreme…

“This, just whose ship is this? Who was the original owner of this ship?” Bai Kalo couldn’t help but ask. “It’s…. it’s too crazy. Even the E9 grade ships in the universe aren’t this extreme.”

“Its owner was an undying!” Luo Feng said, “An automaton undying!”

Bai Kalo and Di Fan’s eyes almost popped out of their sockets.

Undying? And an automaton undying at that?

Any undying was extremely valuable. And the automaton represented the most technologically advanced race in the entire universe. Ifan automaton undying were to control this ship to its fullest, the transformation would be extremely terrifying.

“Offensive weapons, perfect condition.”

“Damn, it’s really crazy, this automaton ship’s technological weapons are even crazier than your teacher’s ship, indeed worthy of the name automaton ship. The ship of an automaton undying, it’s simply…too luxurious, it’s pure madness. It actually has three star master grade star annihilator cannons and nine E3 grade laser cannons.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Star annihilator cannons?

The legendary technological weapons, the star annihilator cannons were unrivaled, as the name spoke for itself.: just one shot could destroy an entire planet! In terms of power…it could compete with an undying altogether. Of course the star annihilator cannon had its flaws. First one was that its attack radius was huge, it couldn’t concentrate its attack on a single point like an undying. Second was that it consumed a shocking amount of energy.

However despite its weakness, it couldn’t diminish the human race’s longing for such a weapon.

“Movement systems, perfect condition!”

“Luo Feng, you’ve struck lottery, this automaton ship’s movement system is completely sick. It’s no wonder the entire layout of the passageway was a spiraling pathway, actually the entire core of the automaton ship, seems to be a huge movement system.

“A 1,200m tall ship, over two-thirds of it is a movement system.”

“Sick! this ship’s momentary acceleration, dodging and other movements definitely aren’t lousier than your teacher’s Yun Mo Planet ship.”

“I’m dizzy.”

“According to the data from this ship, the ship’s main body’s alloy reaches E grade. It even has self repairing functions! Along with the energy shield …it definitely belongs to the pinnacle of E grade ships. Plus, its movement is extremely shocking, making it incredibly valuable.”

“And this is without including the cost of the star annihilator.

“Luo Feng, you’ve truly struck it big this time. Just this automaton ship alone is more valuable than all the treasures in the world within a world put together!!!” Babata said.

“Expensive?”

Luo Feng who was within the round control room however wasn’t as excited as he was when they first began, his expression was that of suspicion, “Even though it’s expensive, no matter how expensive it is, it’s still only an E grade ship, compared to the Yun Mo Planet F9 grade ship. Normal domain lords use D grade ships, sector lords use e grade ships. This undying should be using an F grade. And this ship is only at the pinnacle of E grade, it shouldn’t be that crazy right?”

“Wrong, completely wrong.” Babata shouted.

“Master, it’s not like that.” Bai Kalo said.

Luo Feng was suspicious, beside him Di Fan was dumbfounded too.

“Luo Feng, when you go out, don’t ever mention that you are a disciple of the Yun Mo Planet, it’s a total disgrace to your teacher’s face. Actually saying such stupid things! That Di Fan, who was a slave before, nevermind that he’s stupid. But you, after reading so many books, learning so much about the universe and common knowledge, however you missed out on such an important piece of information…” Babata began to criticize him.

“Where was I wrong?” Luo Feng cut in while Babata was speaking.

“Firstly, human universe ships, the only reason why they aren’t that expensive is because they are made from alloys!”

“A pure metal ship is viewed as a luxurious item. Hence, alloy ships are the way to go. This you know right?” Babata said.

“I understand, alloys are cheap, but cost-effective.” Luo Feng nodded.

WIthin the same C5 grade, the alloys were cheaper by at least a hundred times to the pure metal.

“However…”

“Within the entire universe, the strongest alloy is only E9 grade! Whether it is the human race or the even more advanced automaton race, the strongest alloy constructed is only E9 grade. Hence to actually build a F grade universe ship, one can only use pure metals, like your teacher used the hybrid copper essence. This is because there are simply no F grade alloys!”

“F grade pure metals are extremely rare!”

“Take the hybrid copper essence, for example. There may be occasional veins of ore for the hybrid copper, but after digging them up, the amount of hybrid copper essence may only amount to a palm’s worth, maybe 1 or 2 tonnes.”

“1 vein of ore may result in only a palm’s worth. To actually collect enough to build a 800m diameter universe ship, that’s…that’s simply an unbelievable thing to do. Even if you sold off the entire black dragon mountain star field, you wouldn’t even be close to having enough money. Hence, even among undying beings, the majority of them cannot afford to make one!”

“Undying beings, most of them only use the pinnacle of E grade ships.” Babata said, “And the difference between the E grade ships of the undying and sector lords is…the size, and with the bigger size one needs a stronger and more powerful engine, allowing it to have greater mobility!”

“100m long and 1000m long. The difference in size, if it were a 1000 times, the price difference will be a 1000 times too.”

“That is the main difference between undying beings with E grade ships, compared to sector lords with E grade ships.”

“Your teacher was an absolute warrior even amongst the undying, hence he could afford to build the Yun Mo Planet ship. Even so, he still spent a large amount of his wealth along with countless treasures to acquire it.” Babata said, “And this automaton undying, this ship that he used, is even more advanced than many human undyings!”

“The main thing is that its mobility is off the charts.”

“I’ll give you an estimate, a normal sector lords E grade ships would cost about 1 trillion universe dollars, which is about one mixed element.”

“And a pinnacle E grade ship used by undying would be normally valued at few hundred trillion universe dollars, which is equivalent to a few hundred mixed elements.”

“This pinnacle E grade ship, a 1,200m tall automaton ship, is worth about one to two thousand mixed element units!”

“And the treasures you acquired from the world within a world before, all added together would only add up to about 11 mix element units. Hence, I said all the treasures in the world within a world added together…don’t even compare to this automaton undying’s ship!”


Chapter 380: The Auction has Arrived

Only an accurate appraisal could clearly express just how valuable this automaton ship was. Babata had calculated earlier that the entire wealth of treasures in the world within a world was priced at about 200 mixed elements, comparable to a poor undying!

And this automaton ship alone was worth about 1 to 2 thousand mixed elements!

“My god!” Bai Kalo’s eyes stared wide, his dream was to have his name engraved in the sword clan temple, only after becoming a sector lord will he be able to do so, “Even a sector lord wouldn’t be able to buy this ship!”

“This, just how many universe level slaves can you buy with this.” Di Fan opened his mouth wide, looking silly.

They were utterly flabbergasted!

The 2 universe level warriors had totally lost it. Such a valuable automaton ship, enough to even make the undying vie for, enough to make the sector lords go crazy for, much less the domain lords and universe levels…

Just the ship’s star annihilator was enough to make a medium level civilization become interested. This was definitely a mass killing weapon that could be used to intimidate and threaten.

“Luo Feng, you must never divulge any information about this automaton ship.” Babata said, “It’s just like the Yun Mo Planet ship you have, this ship too belongs to one of the things you must never leak out.”

“Of course, it’s impossible to determine its grade and true value just from its appearance, most people would think that it’s a D grade automaton ship. However, you are only a star level, using a D grade automaton ship would just invite trouble. Hence, the greatest use this ship has to you is…”

“One it can protect your life in dangerous situations. While hiding in this ship, even sector lord pinnacle level warriors won’t be able to break through. You can ride it and escape.”

“Two killing your enemies, you can use the three star annihilators or the nine E3 grade laser cannons to kill your enemies. Especially when combined with the mobility of the automaton ship, you can swiftly approach your enemies and withdraw as you please. While relying on the nine laser cannons to attack, even domain lords will definitely die!”

“Three: sell, you can sell the entire ship.”

“The first and second options have their flaws. The moment you use it, others will know that you have an E grade automaton ship. That would easily attract the attention of sector lords and even undying! Hence you shouldn’t use it, but the moment you do, you have to kill all the enemies, leaving none behind.”

“If you want to sell it, there’s no problem, you can sell it through your teacher’s 5 star account service.”

“However, the moment you sell it, if you want to buy it back, it’ll be difficult, extremely difficult!”

“That’s because an automaton ship with star annihilators can easily enter a mid level auction to be sold. And the mid level auction’s lowest requirement is to be a 4 star client. Luo Feng, even if you sell the ship, you still wouldn’t be a 4 star client. The lowest requirement for the 4 star grade is to have 10,000 mixed elements, the people are mostly comprised of undying or a few large powers.”

“Hence, the moment you sell it, within a short time span, you wouldn’t be able to get it back.” Babata said.

Luo Feng understood.

This ship may be valuable, however for it to actually be worth a tenth of an undying’s wealth was already considered not bad. Undying beings require money for weapons, armors, treasures, manuals etc. Even after selling the ship, Luo Feng would still be unable to become a 4 star client.

“I won’t sell it!”

“I’m not lacking in money right now.” Luo Feng laughed, “After all, this is hot property. It’ll be easy to sell anytime, and it’ll act as a trump card in my back pocket! The nine laser cannons along with the ship’s mobility, even domain lords would definitely die. Hiding in it, even the pinnacle of sector lords can’t break it open.”

“When I actually lack money, then I’ll sell it.”

Luo Feng’s eyes suddenly gleamed, “Babata, can we detach the ship’s star annihilator? Since there are three of them, selling two off would be ok.”

“You wish! This automaton ship’s construction work is too exquisite, the entire ship is a perfect whole body, even the star annihilator, the laser cannons have been fused within the ship…detaching it, in your dreams. Even though the material isn’t like the Yun Mo Planet ship, the work and craftsmanship on it is of a much higher value than the Yun Mo Planet ship. The Yun Mo Planet ship’s strongest point is mainly its material and its incomparably sharp edges! Once it accelerates, it can slice through planets and even sector lords like vegetables.”

“As for its construction and craftsmanship, it’s definitely lower.”

“So it seems that I can’t detach it, It’s not a big deal. After all, I currently have enough money.” Luo Feng laughed. “Babata, keep this pyramid ship in your storage space, let’s return home.”

Even though he had acquired the automaton ship, it was still of no use to him at the moment! This was because the moment he uses it, the information would be leaked…hence the automaton ship was similar to the Yun Mo Planet ship, Luo Feng very clearly knew they were valuable but he could only store it in Babata’s storage space.

“At least the pyramid ship is in perfect condition and undamaged.”

“Even though the Yun Mo Planet ship is much more expensive than the pyramid, it is damaged and unusable.” Luo Feng muttered as he flew from the Bermuda ocean towards the Asia continent.

Behind him Di Fan and Bai Kalo exchanged glances.

This master…

He leaves others completely speechless!

The pyramid ship, even amongst the undying ships, was considered not bad.

Even the Yun Mo Planet ship was something many undying wouldn’t be able to afford. An F grade ship was incomparably expensive, much less an F9!

“Having such a powerful teacher is good.” Di Fan looked at Bai Kalo, communicating, “Bai Kalo, why’d you cherish your Nuolan Shan teacher so much? A universe level 9 teacher, there’s no future in that. Look at my master who’s so powerful, his teacher was an undying, and a powerful one amongst the others! And, he’s dead!”

“A dead teacher passes all his wealth to master. If his teacher was alive, master probably wouldn’t be able to get much.” Di Fan communicated.

Bai Kalo shot a stare at Di Fan and said, “Get lost!”

Days passed.

Back then the surveillance system had already detected movement from the wormhole in the dead space. The first was a D3 grade ship from the Nuolan Shan family, the second was a D1 grade ship and the third was a C8 grade ship. After Luo Feng had dealt with the Nuolan Shan army and acquired the pyramid ship, not long after…

China year 2065, Nov 12th, the 2nd D1 grade universe ship arrived on earth.

Space outside Earth.

Dressed in armor, the bald Di Fan stood in space, watching the dark purple disc shaped universe ship approaching.

“Sir, how are you, we are from the Porterly family from the Black dragon mountain empire…” From the ship flew out twelve star level humans, of which ten were star level 9s and two were star level 3 and 5. The star level 5 was a tall and sturdy youth.

Porterly family, one of the 16 big families of the Black dragon mountain family.

“Porterly family? Hpmh, right now Earth falls under the protection of Three Axe Mountain, forbidding any visitors.” Di Fan’s voice resonated via spirit reading energy to the twelve of them.

“Three Axe Mountain?”

The tall and sturdy youth’s expression changed. Three Axe Mountain was one of the four large organizations, even the two sacred lands had to be courteous to them.

“If you barge into Earth, don’t blame me for being disrespectful.” Di Fan roared loudly, after which he turned and flew back immediately.

And in space, the twelve exchanged glances.

“Lord, what do we do?”

“What can we do?” The tall and sturdy youth grit his teeth and ordered, “They sent out only one person and he’s a universe level 9, do we go in and commit suicide?”

The universe ship could only leave dejected.

……

The same method was used on the C8 grade universe ship 6 days later, which was also scared away by Di Fan.

After all, these two ships were scout teams from two different families, who would dare mess with a universe level 9?”

After scaring away those two ships, Luo Feng’s life became incredibly peaceful, however he was awaiting that crucial date…December 16th!

Chia year 2065 December 16th, was the triennial Ganwu auction date.

……

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain 9 star bay.

Within the tea room.

Luo Feng sat in a chair, lifting a glass cup filled with an amber colored tea.

“Tomorrow is the Ganwu auction, the lowest requirement for the auction is a 3 star client.” Luo Feng gently sniffed the tea, “However, my account already has less than 10 mixed elements because of the recent expenses, which is lower than the requirement to become a 3 star client. Is the invitation sent to me by the Ganwu auction still valid?”

“Luo Feng, your thinking is wrong.”

“Your account reached 11 trillion universe dollars before, (11 mixed elements), thus becoming a 3 star client. Right now you’ve used up quite a bit, just because you haveless money now,you think your account will get degraded from being a 3 star client?”

“For several wealthy owners, their assets and capital get cycled very regularly. One day they may have 200 mixed elements, becoming a 3 star client, and another they might use everything until they only have 1 mixed element left. The following day, others might transfer 300 mixed elements in. Will these large wealthy people change constantly from 3 star clients to 2 stars?”

Luo Feng was stunned.

“Usage is normal. Like your teacher, for the Yun Mo Planet ship back then, he had almost used up everything. And sometimes just by selling a few treasures, the amount in his account would fly again, sometimes empty, sometimes full!” Babata laughed, “The bank won’t easily degrade an account.”

“Only if your account has stayed short of funds for a long period of time will they degrade it.” Babata said, “The higher the level of account, this low period will be longer. Like a 5 star client, even if the money inside has been emptied, within 100 million years, their grade will not be dropped!”

Luo Feng laughed and nodded, that made sense.

Sipping his tea, Luo Feng was looking forward to the auction. The triennial Ganwu auction would gather countless sector lords, even undying from all of the Ganwu universe country and the lowest requirement was a 3 star client.

Various items that would otherwise be hard or impossible to purchase, including saint level items would appear there.

“After purchasing the nutrition cabin, the d5 grade laser, treasures required for the deity of the world training and usage of about 5 mixed elements, also giving 2 mixed elements to my brother Luo Hua to invest! Right now, I only have about 4 trillion universe dollars left.” Luo Feng thought, “I wonder if I can actually afford anything tomorrow.”

“I’ll return and ask my brother to see how his investments have been doing these two years.” Luo Feng thought.


Chapter 381: Ganwu Universe Country

Black Dragon Mountain Island, Nine Star Bay. Besides Luo Feng’s villa, there was a wooden villa. Luo Feng followed the staircases along to this three level villa, and its glass door was shut.

“Creak!” Luo Feng pushed open the door and entered.

This was a room with at least a 100 square feet, in it were several computer desks and on every desk there was a laptop. Before each laptop was a person typing away on the virtual keyboards, looking for information. There were a total of 21 workers in that room.

In the seat closest to the back, at the largest desk was a youth who looked very similar to Luo Feng. The only difference was that he was skinnier.

“Big brother!” Luo Hua yelled out shocked.

“It’s quite bustling in here.” Luo Feng smiled as he surveyed the work room.

“Mr Luo, how do you do!”

“Mr Luo.”

The people within quickly got up and down bowing, these group of workers were all Luo Hua’s partners and fellow investors. As he was accustomed to their work, he had brought them into the virtual universe. Even though he had AIs to assist him, there were still differences between AIs and humans.

“Big Brother, why have you come here, come, let’s go over there to chat. Er…hold on!” Luo Hua swiftly returned to the computer, entering a few commands before running over, “Let’s go!”

Beside the workroom, was a tea room.

Luo Feng and Luo Hua sat down.

“Big brother coming over to visit while I’m working is a rare sight.” Luo Hua laughed.

“It’s like this.” Luo Feng smiled, “Tomorrow, there’s a triennial Ganwu auction.”

“Ganwu auction?” Luo Hua seemed stunned after hearing, following which he revealed glee and excitement, saying, “Is it the legendary highest level auction in the Ganwu universe country? During a conversation I had with investors before, I heard them mention it. I heard the requirement for the auction is extremely high!”

“The lowest requirement is a 3 star client.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Damn!” Luo Hua stared wide eyed, “3 star client? The level of this auction is really high!”

3 star client, the total amount of 3 star clients in the black dragon mountain star field was simply pitiful.

They were all huge figures!

Luo Feng laughed and said, “The reason why I’m here is to ask, the 2 trillion universe dollars I handed to you 2 years ago, how is it going?”

“Talking about that…” Luo Hua revealed an expression of glee and excitement, saying, “The two trillion universe dollars, even within the universe financial markets and many other investments, is considered large capital! There are many pros and cons to large capital, the good is that we can actually influence the markets to a certain degree, the bad is that it’s not as mobile, wanting to liquidate it may be hard sometimes!”

“Last year during the exchanges, it peaked up to 50% more. However, during the bad times, we cut even. We’ve definitely accumulated large capital experience, perfecting our investment tactics.”

“This year, the highest point peaked with profits at 3.6 trillion universe dollars. However recently it hasn’t been as good, we still have three trillion in capital, however, don’t worry, we must be patient…right now I’m just waiting for the market price to explode.” Luo Hua laughed.

Luo Feng nodded: “I need some money to use, how much can you take out?”

“If you need money, then we have to liquidate. After all, my capital isn’t in cash.” Luo Hua emphasized, “However to liquidate now, big brother, honestly, my plan is just about to finish over this half a year! Right now it’s just about waiting for the price to explode and to earn a large sum. Selling off right now…it’s simply not worth it. Big brother, if you are rushed, I can sell them all off in a day. However, selling off such a large sum will easily topple the prices, I estimate a return of 2.8 trillion would be considered not bad already.”

“Oh…”

Luo Feng nodded, “No rush, this auction will continue for 10 days. If I don’t have enough money, I’ll contact you.”

“Ok.” Luo Hua nodded.

The largest gathering in the Ganwu universe country, the Ganwu auction!

Luo Feng had already been anticipating the triennial event for a long time.

“Big brother, I’ll be reachable at any time. If you need large amounts of money, immediately inform me. I will immediately sell off for cash, and if it’s truly urgent, I’ve already talked to a friend, he can lend you some cash first, using my investment capital as settlement.” Luo Hua said.

“Luo Feng.” Beside him Xu Xin smiled, “When you return, you must tell me all about the auction. I too have an interest in this Ganwu universe’s greatest gathering.”

Luo Feng nodded, bidding farewell to his family and immediately leaving Nine Star Bay.

Waving down a flying horse and riding it to the transmission belt.

“Transmission.” Luo Feng stood within the transmission spot, in his hand was the invite to the Ganwu auction.

Hu!

Luo Feng immediately vanished from the Black Dragon Mountain Island and was sent to the Ganwu continent, into a floating city above. The invite shot out several beams of light causing the floating city’s defenses to automatically open a pathway and allowed Luo Feng through.

……

This was a continent that was incomparably elegant amongst the clouds, the city was exquisite and beautiful, the flowers and plants were scattered and easily seen all over, and the most eye catching and enormous construct of the entire floating city was…the auction hall!

Once every 3 years, the Ganwu auction, would always be held here at the auction hall!

“Sir, how do you do? Welcome to this year’s Ganwu auction, this is your seat number.”

“Miss, how do you do? Welcome to this year’s Ganwu auction, this is your seat number.”

People were all dressed in luxurious, or ancient clothing, some with snake bodies while others were as tall as seven to eight meters. The number of people here to attend the auction was simply massive; there were already two long lines formed at the entrance of the auction hall.

“So many 3 star clients?” Luo Feng too was in line,. In front of him was a huge cold looking man that seemed like a raging fire and behind him was a one meter tall gloomy and cold dwarf. However he emitted a natural aura of strength, causing Luo Feng to feel the pressure.

“3 star client, most of them are sector lords! Very few are big businessmen or youths with large backgrounds.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind.

“Most of them are sector lords?”

Luo Feng gazed around.

These two long lines awaiting to enter had at least a few thousand people. A few thousand sector lords?

“This auction, there’s a total of sixteen entrances. Hence…it isn’t just here where people are queuing, there are fifteen other lines formed around. Right now the number of sector lords queuing should be about 100,000.” Babata said.

“100 000?” Luo Feng gawked.

100,000 sector lords?

That was madness.

“Puda, there were over 1.31 million in the previous auction, do you think there’ll be more this time?” The huge iron faced man that seemed like a raging ball of flames in front of Luo Feng said softly.

“Yea, it’ll definitely exceed this time. It’s been said that this year there is a quota for entering the primal universe…and this quota is a sector lord quota. The highest level allowed is for sector lords to enter. Many undying have come here wanting to buy this quota. And because of this, many sector lords have come here.” In front of that iron faced man, a man with a hoarse voice, dressed entirely in a robe spoke.

Luo Feng was stunned.

1.31 million?

Primal universe?

Standing in line, he naturally heard many of the discussions of the sector lords, the content of these discussions completely shocked Luo Feng. Because, many of the topics they mentioned left Luo Feng completely bewildered.

For example…

“This time at the star field border, we had a total of eighteen sector lords, only three were lucky to return. The other fifteen…they may come out after a few tens of thousands years, a few million years, or they may never come out at all.”

“Your Tuoda army, has made a huge contribution in the battlefield outside the starfield this time, congrats.”

Beside him, the sector lords recognized each other, discussing these sort of topics. Luo Feng was just simply blinking his eyes and stayed silent as he listened.

“This brother, which family or organization are you from?” A team beside Luo Feng, one of them, a skinny single eye man smiled as he waved at Luo Feng.

“No family, no organization.” Luo Feng replied frankly.

“Oh!”

The single eyed man nodded as he heard, not asking anymore.

Just from their auras, one could easily determine the power levels of people around…the surrounding large group of sector lords, could easily see that Luo Feng was a much weaker little fellow amongst them. However, in this group, the weaker one was, the more others couldn’t offend him. It was because a person with weaker power being able to become a 3 star client, meant his background was usually extremely terrifying!

“Sir, how do you do? Welcome to this Ganwu auction, this is your seat number.”

Luo Feng received the ticket, looking at the black slip of paper, half of it was translucent with a screen on it, on the screen displayed… knd99286.

……

“It’s really huge!” Entering the auction, Luo Feng was half dazed.

The entire auction was akin to one of earth’s soccer fields, the surroundings were a blur with a large number of people…however the number of seats in this auction hall was simply too many.

“There’s a total of 3 million seats here, every seat is six meters wide and ten meters tall.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind.

Luo Feng nodded.

Every seat was 6m wide and 10m tall, such a huge seating space, with a total of three million of them. With just a glance, it was impossible to see the end of the hall. It was as though a world was formed just from putting these countless seats together. The reason behind the huge construction of seats was to accommodate the large physically structured guests.

“knd99286.” Luo Feng found the engraved number on the seat and sat in it.

6m wide, even bigger than his bed.

Countless seats…

Discussion filled the entire hall, as though countless gods were in conversation.

“So many sector lords?” Luo Feng held his breath.

“The Ganwu universe country has a total of 13,000 star fields! Like the Black Dragon Mountain star field, there’s close to a 100 sector lords! Then the entire Ganwu universe country…on estimate, has over a million sector lords! In truth because of the teachings of many undyings, the Ganwu universe’s chances of having sector lords growing largely. There’s a total of over a million sector lords in the entire Ganwu universe country.

Luo Feng felt his heartbeat race.

Over a million sector lords?

The Ganwu universe country, just what you would expect from a universe country. At such a level, it was simply enormous.


Chapter 382: Breathtaking

“The Ganwu Empire is extraordinarily powerful. Even your teacher cannot compare to it. Undying beings can only lower their royal heads in front of the gigantic Ganwu Empire! After all, there are numerous fighters in Ganwu empire! Of course, the Ganwu Empire wouldn’t wantonly anger people like your teacher who aren’t tied to any organization and are also extremely powerful. However, if they do actually start fighting….. after paying a certain price, there will be no problem with eradicating people like your teacher.” sighed Babata, “There’s nothing that can be done. That’s the power of numbers!”

Luo Feng nodded.

As he looked at the auction, the countless number of seats, and the countless number of sector lords….. he understood what the ‘power of numbers’ meant.

Three hours later.

“Guests!”

A clear sound instantly spread around and echoed around the auction. Everyone in the vast auction quickly settled down and became quiet.

Luo Feng looked towards the center of the auction.

A bald old man with a black turtle shell on his back stood in the center of the auction. Above him was a 3D projection of this old man that was a thousand meters tall.

“Everyone, welcome to this time’s Ganwu auction! I hereby thank the fantastic support of the Virtual Universe Network company, the Universe First Bank, the Universe Galaxy Bank, the Battle-Axe Coliseum, the Universe Mercenary Alliance, and the Ganwu Empire.” smiled the old man. “I’m sure many of you recognize me. You can all call me old Batuo. Once again, Old Batuo will be your host for this marvelous banquet!!!”

“In our last Ganwu auction, there were 1,316,038 participants. We just finished tallying up the number of participants in this time’s auction. Does anyone know….. how many people there are?”

“1,823,959 people! 1.8 million, 500 thousand more than the previous one!”

The entire auction suddenly went into a wave-like uproar.

The lowest person here was a 3 star client…..

Within the densely packed seats, Luo Feng smacked his lips and sighed to himself, “Within the Black Dragon Mountain starfield, my wealth can rank within the top 100. However, across the entire Ganwu empire…..”. After reaching a different position, the things you see also change. Before reaching the minimum qualification of a 3 star client, you don’t even have the right to participate in this Ganwu auction.

“I’ll cut the small talk!

“The time to officially begin this time’s auction is soon. Same as always, we’ll first have an auction as warm up before we officially start.” the turtle shelled old man pointed to the side. Within an instant, a gigantic screen appeared. A beautiful, mesmerizing galaxy appeared. Galaxy after galaxy flashed past. Each of these galaxies had many life planets, and there were many powerful fighters within the life planets.

“This is the Tana starfield!”

“Out of the 13,000 starfields in our Ganwu empire, it is one of smaller starfields. There are a total of 668 galaxies in the entire starfield. Before, it was the land of an undying being. However, this undying being is preparing to embark on a life and death adventure, so he wants to sell the entire starfield. So, the warmup auction for our auction will be this starfield–Tana starfield!” yelled the turtle shelled old man loudly.

The auction went into an uproar.

Luo Feng, who was sitting on a large chair, was also shocked: “Tana starfield? Auctioning off a starfield right off the bat?”

Keep in mind that a low level civilization like the ‘Silverblue Empire’ only contains eight galaxies. Even though this Tana starfield is a smaller starfield, it still contains 600 galaxies.

“The warmup item is a small starfield. Looks like many valuable, expensive items will appear in this time’s auction!”

“I heard that the most valuable item is a spot to head over to the ‘Primal Universe’. This time’s auction is definitely one of the best auctions within the past 10,000 years.” A few voices of discussion carried over from the large seats beside Luo Feng.

The Ganwu auction was once every three years.

However, each auction was a bit different. Every thousand or ten thousand years, an auction with ‘higher level treasures’ would appear. Usually, you could tell the level of the auction from how many participants there are.

“The Tana starfield!”

“As long as you don’t establish your own empire within the starfield, you can enjoy the protection from the Ganwu Empire”

“A starfield like this can definitely become the foundation of a family that will go on for thousands of billions of years! It can become a place to nurture warriors and raise slaves. There are only so many starfields within the Ganwu empire, and fewer and fewer of them are appearing in auctions. Now, everybody cast your bids. Starting price–“300 Mixed Element units”

“400 mixed element units”

The price immediately soared.

This scene confused Luo Feng in the distance: “Babata, the price of a galaxy is around 1,000–10,000 universe dollars. This starfield contains a total of 668 galaxies, so technically 200 or 300 mixed element units should be enough”

“Luo Feng, you’re talking about a single galaxy!”

“And this, is an entire starfield! This is a completely different case. If galaxies are spread out, they can easily be picked on by surrounding organizations which will thereby inhibit their development! And an entire starfield, is united” said Babata, “Every galaxy within a starfield supports each other, so it will be hard for surrounding organizations to pressure them”

“So, a single starfield is worth a lot” said Babata.

Luo Feng held his black card as he looked towards the large screen in the center. The numbers on the screen constantly refreshed–

400 mixed element units! 420 mixed element units! 460 mixed element units! …..

Within the blink of an eye, the price changed to ‘860 mixed element units’!

861…..868…..876….. the rate of increase slowed down.

“1,000 mixed element units!”

“1,000 mixed element units!” the number that suddenly appeared caused the entire auction to go silent and nobody bid again.

“1,000 mixed element units, counting down 3 seconds! 3, 2, 1…… Congratulations, customer id kbr38293, you have just become the owner of the Tana starfield!” The turtle shelled old man’s voice was extremely bright, “There isn’t much time left until the auction officially begins. 58, 57…..10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1!”

His voice rumbled like a deity.

The center of the auction became extremely bright. Light shone on the faces of the powerful fighters in their seats.

“This time’s auction, officially begins!”

“For our first batch of goods, our customers can see the first 1,000 items being auctioned off on their auction cards. Please make the necessary preparations if you wish to purchase something” yelled the turtle shelled old man, “Now, for our first item– 92 metallic lifeforms of the Bona clan!”

“Metallic Bona clan lifeforms can merge with spaceships and grant them self regenerating and self upgrading abilities.”

“Metallic Bona clan lifeforms, a total of 92. The starting bid is 200 billion universe dollars! The 92 highest bids will receive these metallic bona clan lifeforms!” yelled the turtle shelled old man.

Within moments, many started to cast their bids.

Luo Feng sat on his throne within the crowd and lowered his head to look at the black card in his hand: “92 items right off the bat, quite fast. This metallic life form can actually merge with spaceships, and as this life form increases in strength, the spaceship will also continue to upgrade? Interesting!”

Luo Feng watched the continuously increasing bids, shook his head, and stopped bidding.

Auction item after auction item was being auctioned off like flowing water.

The lowest final bid was a few dozen billion universe dollars. Normally, the final bids were around a few hundred billion universe dollars. After all, the initial items of the auction all fell under this price range.

1,000 mixed element units. Probably only four star clients could offer such a price.

“The lanke fruit, is the best item to raise monsters and plants. Even if you are heavily injured, consuming the lanke fruit can heal you. Using 100 lanke fruits as a single unit, there are 39 units of lanke fruits. Each unit has a starting bid of 100 billion universe dollars”

Once again, the bids began.

An average galaxy with a few dozen thousand planets was priced around 100 billion to a trillion universe dollars.

“Luo Feng, purchase the next unit! This lanke fruit is very beneficial to the cloud contact vine”

And so…..

Luo Feng finally spent 180 billion and 181 billion universe dollars to purchase two units of lanke fruits.

“An automaton race battle uniform. It perfectly protects your entire body. The most outer layer of the automaton race battle uniform set naturally forms an energy shield, and the source of energy for that shield comes from the energy crystals in the interior of the battle uniform set. This automaton battle uniform set is a D8 grade battle uniform set. Even if a little star traveller kiddo puts it on, even a domain lord level five or six stage fighter wouldn’t be able to break it open. Even their spiritual force won’t be able to penetrate it. There is only one automaton race battle uniform set. This is definitely something you would want to buy for your favorite disciple or your grandson. With it, they will be much safer.”

“Starting bid of one mixed element unit!” yelled the turtle shelled old man.

This item shocked Luo Feng.

The wearer doesn’t need any sort of his own power to block an attack. This automaton race battle uniform set….. Luo Feng has never heard of it. However, it’ll be useless if a sector lord wears this thingy.

“Damn, the price is soaring.” Luo Feng looked at the result which caused his jaw to drop–“9.8 mixed element units”

This is the final price, nearing 10 mixed element units.

An item purely for gifting your favorite disciple or grandson, actually neared the price of all the treasures Luo Feng obtained in the world within a world!

“Luo Feng, it’s rare to encounter an automaton race battle uniform set with such a high defensive capabilities. Don’t mention a D8 grade one, you probably haven’t even seen a C grade one. This kind of thing is purely a luxury good. The person who purchased this battle uniform set is probably an undying being.” said Babata.

Item after item passed.

All sorts of items caused one to get dizzy. Any of those items would cause domain lords to go crazy. However, in the most important ceremony of the Ganwu empire, there were around a million sector lords and even a few undying beings who wouldn’t go soft on their bidding.

Three batches of items, a total of 3,000 items, were swiftly sold.

“Now comes the fourth batch of items. Everyone can see the next 1,000 items on their auction cards. If you see something you want to purchase, please make the necessary preparations.” the turtle shelled old man remained smiling as he spoke.

The auction suddenly became silent.

A countless number of powerful fighters on their thrones watched their cards to see the next 1,000 items to be auctioned off.

“NAN SHEN ARMAMENT! THE NAN SHEN ARMAMENT! IT’S ONE OF THE NINE GREAT WEAPONS FOR THE CONTROLLER TYPE SPIRIT READERS, THE ‘NAN SHEN ARMAMENT’! Luo Feng, this is the most suitable spiritual weapon for you. You must buy this Nan Shen Armament!” Right after Luo Feng finished looking, Babata’s energetic yelling rang in his mind.


Chapter 383: Nan Shen Armament

Controller? One of nine godly weapons? The Nan Shen Armament?” Luo Feng looked curiously down at the black slip in his hand, the screen on the slip had a detailed explanation of the 1000 items.

“It’s most suitable for you Luo Feng, it’s usually extremely difficult to buy one Luo Feng, you definitely have to buy it.”

“I understand, let me take a look first.” Luo Feng looked carefully at the screen on the slip.

Luo Feng was swiftly able to spot the item Nan Shen Armament.

Gently tapping, he accessed the detailed explanation of the item.

Nan Shen Armament: One of the nine godly weapons for the controller type spirit reader. It’s full name is the Hun Tian Yan or the Nine Layer Hun Tian Yan. The Nan Shen Armament’s normal form is that of a dark golden elongated l rod. Within it lies 10,081 golden blades as thin as cicada wings Every blade is infused with profound engravings and energies of the origin laws.

The nine godly controller weapons, which are the embodiment of origin laws, of which eight of them are gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, thunder and light. These eight origin laws can then be combined to form the majestic laws of either time or space,.

The last of the nine godly weapons was created from the fusion of time and space; the two most profound of the origin laws.

And the Nan Shen Armament, is a mixture of gold and time. As these two origin laws are fused to form the godly weapon, its power was immense.

Nan Shen Armament has a total of nine forms.

Each form is stronger than the other. Similarly, the difficulty to wield each of these forms soars as one goes up.

The nine layer Nan Shen Armament is incredibly difficult to master!

The First form: To a star level, it is incredibly difficult. To be able to unleash the first form during the star level, one would be deemed invincible in within that level!

……

The Third form: To be able to unleash it during the universe level, one would be deemed invincible within the same level! It will not be too difficult to acquire a 1000 match winning streak even in the huge Battle-axe Coliseum.

……

The Sixth form: To be able to unleash it in the domain lord level, one would be deemed invincible within the same level. Widening the field to the Ganwu Universe country, even the entire human race…a domain lord that could unleash the sixth form would be considered as one of the pinnacle warriors in the same level and even comparable to the same level golden horned beast.

The Seventh form: If it were a level nine sector lord who is able to unleash it, that person would be at the pinnacle of sector lords.

The Eighth form: This form is incredibly difficult to achieve. A level nine sector lord who is able to unleash the eighth form would be deemed invincible amongst the sector lords in the entire Ganwu Universe country.

The Ninth form: The highest form. From time immemorable within this vast universe, no sector lords have ever been able to unleash the ninth form! This is because sector lords who are able to unleash the ninth form usually would have broken through to the undying level already.

……

Nan Shen Armament is incredibly strong, but it also had its weakness.

It was strong because of it’s nine forms, each more powerful than the one before.

It was weak because of its difficulty. People with poor comprehension skill would be better off with normal spirit weapons.

……

The auction started at 500 billion universe dollars. There were a total of nine of them!

“Nine Layer Hun Tian Yan? Great!” Luo Feng muttered. At this moment, sitting on the large seat to the left of Luo Feng, a black scaled man that was close to 60m tall said softly to him: “This brother, you’ve taken a fancy to the Nine Layer Hun Tian Yan? That Nan Shen Armament isn’t for normal people’s usage! The nine godly weapons are all incredibly difficult to use, as their utilization is mostly based on the the understanding of the origin laws. Without that ability, it’s better to buy normal spirit weapons, as it’ll be better for unleashing one’s true strength. Remember…in buying weapons, it’s not about buying the best, but what’s the most suitable!”

“Makes a lot of sense.” Luo Feng smiled as he glanced at the huge black scaled man.

The black scaled man chuckled and opened his big wide mouth: “The difficulty of the nine godly weapons is immensely tedious. Like that Nan Shen Armament, a sector lord who is able to unleash the eighth form would have normally broken through to undying already. Little brother, even if you have money, you shouldn’t waste it like that. Buying something that suits yourself would be better.”

“Thanks.” Luo Feng smiled and didn’t speak more, thinking within, “This Nan Shen Armament is best suited for me.”

Luo Feng currently already had some comprehension of the gold origin laws!

As for the space laws, even though Luo Feng didn’t have any progress, he was working hard on it.

With such qualities, he definitely had to work hard to use the Nan Shen Armament.

“Luo Feng, the maximum potential of the soaring shuttle is only until universe level. Right now, your golden horned beast’s body is completely able to unleash the full power of the soaring shuttle. It’s not much of a challenge to you anymore. And the Nan Shen Armament isn’t afraid of you using it, just worried that you currently do not posses the ability to unleash its full power. The nine forms are awaiting your breakthrough.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng felt super ambitious and pumped.

Nine forms!

I’ll breakthrough one layer at a time!

“Babata, how much do you think the Nan Shen Armament will go for?” Luo Feng asked.

“There’s a total of nine of them. Amongst the sector lords here, only spirit reader controllers will vie for it, and only those along the path of gold and space origin laws will go for it. However, since the size of the hall and number of people is huge, according to my calculations, the price will rush pretty high. However, the amount of money you have should be enough.”

“Ok.” Luo Feng nodded unconsciously.

At this point, the current amount he had was about 3 .986 trillion, getting the Nan Shen Armament shouldn’t be hard.

As time passed, expensive and valuable weapons aroused bidding wars, swiftly being bought and auctioned off in the incomparably vast auction hall. 99% of the the people present were sector lords, the others were either people with huge backgrounds or undying!

“The next auction item is the Nan Shen Armament!”

“It’s one of the nine godly weapons! As for the Nan Shen Armament’s power, I’m sure everyone is clear on it! Many sector lord controllers constantly fret over it, however once they begin to comprehend the origin laws and breakthrough, their current spirit weapons are unable to unleash their full strengths! With the Nan Shen Armament however, one would never have to worry about that.”

“It’s not afraid of you using it, just that your ability might be inadequate.”

“Nan Shen Armament, nine forms. If you are able to unleash the ninth form, in the vast universe, not just among the human race, but even the automaton race, the beast race or even the space beasts, you’d probably find it hard to find an opponent.” The turtle shelled old man’s voice reverberated about, “Alright, we’ll begin the bid now, there’s a total of 9 of them, the highest 9 bids will be chosen. The lowest starting bid is…500 billion universe dollars!”

……

Immediately, without an end in sight, the blurred images of the huge king size seats, millions of sector lords and even undyings, many of whom began to bid.

Countless king size seats, one of which, Luo Feng sat within, he too began to key in his bid: “600 billion universe dollars.”

“Damn.” Luo Feng stared.

The numbers on the screen constantly jumped, the screen displayed all of the top 9 bids.

550 billion…600 billion…660 billion…700 billion…

The prices flew rapidly.

“800 billion.” Luo Feng keyed in again.

890 billion…900 billion…960 billion…

The numbers beside swiftly rose past Luo Feng’s numbers.

1.5 trillion…

The number reported on the screen jumped up violently.

“Madness.” Luo Feng stared.

“Luo Feng, the Nan Shen Armament bidding price usually will go up to at least 2 trillion universe dollars.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind.

It was true…

2 trillion…2.1 trillion…2.11 trillion…

The speed slowly began to decline.

“2.18 trillion.” Luo Feng entered the price, staring at the screen, the number of the 9th highest price, the speed of increase gradually slowed down.

2.19 trillion…2.6 trillion!

“It jumped again.” Luo Feng was beginning to panic, even though he was able to see many items that would normally be hard to obtain in reality, however the number of powerful people gathered here was simply too many, he would easily encounter people willing to give unreasonable prices just to obtain these treasures.

Indeed, the price continued to rise.

3 trillion…3.08 trillion…3.1 trillion…

The rising prices caused Luo Feng to hold his breath, his eyes turning slightly red, “Babata, why have the prices raised to such unreasonable numbers.”

“It’s an auction after all, it’s impossible to completely predict it. Sometimes there might be 10 people who really want the Nan Shen Armament, and these may be warriors with lots of capital, hence the price would rise a lot. After all, there’s only 9 items in total! After it’s over, if you wish to buy a Nan Shen Armament, it would be up to luck altogether. After all, not every Ganwu auction would have Nan Shen Armaments.” Babata said, “Just bid, you must get it.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng gritted his teeth, looking at the current bid price, entering another price…3.2 trillion!

However following the shocking bidding, the price quickly broke past 3.2 trillion.

“Babata, send a message to my little brother, tell him to immediately borrow some money.” Luo Feng asked, the exchange of funds wasn’t immediate after the deal was sealed. Rather, after all the 1000 items of the auction were auctioned off, they would do a mass exchange.

“Your brother has replied, saying that with just a phone call his friend will immediately transfer the funds, right now he can at most transfer 2 trillion universe dollars.

Luo Feng relaxed a little.

The bidding increases had begun to slow down, obviously even the sector lords didn’t have bottomless wells of money.

“3.6112 trillion universe dollars.” Luo Feng keyed in.

On the screen the number changes began to slow down, 3.6081… 3.6085…3.6090…finally the numbers stopped.

Finally the 9th highest bidding price was 3.6101 trillion universe dollars.

The 9th highest bidding price is 3.6101 trillion, after a 3 second countdown…3…2…1, congrats to the 9 guests, you have become owners of Nan Shen Armaments!” The turtle shelled old man shouted loudly, “We will continue, the next item is…”

Luo Feng looked at the black slip screen in his hand, the words appeared on it…”Congratulations, guest number knd99286, you’ve successfully bid for the Nan Shen Armament, please prepare to sign off and exchange the funds for the item after the end of the auction.”

“Luo Feng, this Nan Shen Armament will always accompany you into the universe level, domain lord level, sector lord level and even after you’ve broken into the undying level! It will accompany you for 10,000, 100,000 years or maybe even longer. This will be your most important partner, accompanying you through life or death, you have to work hard to bring out its fullest potential.” Babata encouraged.

Luo Feng nodded, he couldn’t help feel extremely excited within.

Nan Shen Armament…

His own weapon!

After about an hour, this batch of auction items had been sold off.

Luo Feng too exchanged the funds and scheduled for the exchange location of the Nan Shen Armament in reality.

“Right now it’s the 5th batch of auction items, everybody should be able to see in their screens. The next 1000 items up for auction, whatever you wish to bid for, please get ready.” The turtle shelled old man’s voice reverberated about in the vast auction hall, countless sector lords in the king size seats all looked down at their slips.

Luo Feng too lowered his head to look, and with a glance.

“Damn! Life fruit?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but force a smile, of the 1000 items there was a life fruit within.

Life Fruit, lowest price 500 billion universe dollars, a total of 12 of them.

“My balance…I’ve only got about 374 billion, not even enough for the starting bid.” Luo Feng rubbed his head, blinking his eyes, feeling somewhat helpless.


Chapter 384: The End of the Auction

“The lowest price for the life fruit is 500 billion universe dollars. However, the life fruit is akin to a sector lord’s second life. Hence the price will rocket even higher! It normally exceeds 2 trillion, and if more people are fighting over it, it may get even higher!” Babata said.

“Hm, no way around it.” Luo Feng shook his head and gave up on the life fruit.

Even though Hong wanted a life fruit for himself, he too was prepared to use it to nurture his cloud contact vine.

In truth, nurturing the cloud contact vine with the life fruit was an extremely wasteful action because the life fruit was as valuable as a sector lord’s second life, things that were used to nurture the plant life form were items that were far below the life fruit in value, like what Luo Feng had purchased before, the Swelling Water fruit.

“Back then, you fought for the thunder stones in order to exchange for treasures in the world within a world, that exchange was valid for using the life fruit to nurture the cloud contact vine. However in truth, eating too many at a time is not good for the vine, the life energy of the life fruit is simply too much and huge. Swallowing all at one go will make the vine bloated, wasting a lot of its other beneficial effects, it’s simply a waste.”

“The life fruit, it’s most optimal usage isn’t to nurture plant life.”

“Didn’t you already buy 200 swelling water fruits?”

“The swelling water fruit is used to nurture spirit beasts and plants. It even has medicinal properties, and its portions are smaller than the life fruit, making it easier to absorb. The cloud contact vine may still get bloated but it won’t ever implode internally like it would from eating the life fruit.”

“By using one swelling water fruit every 10 days for 3 years, thereby using a 100 of them, your big brother Hong’s cloud contact vine will be able to grow to universe level 3 or 4. This would be much better than swallowing one life fruit immediately.”

The life fruit finally reached a bid of 2.8609 trillion! It was still cheaper than the Nan Shen Armament, but still extremely expensive.

The next batch of items began to show themselves, causing Luo Feng to drool over them. However, he had insufficient funds in his pockets.

“Even if I don’t buy, looking is not bad too.” Luo Feng smiled as he held onto his slip, on it displayed were the 1000 items. He casually browsed through them and looked at their details.

The details and information of each valuable item were indeed eye openers.

It allowed Luo Feng to gain knowledge about many secret items of the universe.

When Luo Feng participated in the universe’s greatest gathering…the Ganwu auction, his little brother Luo Hua was in his work station.

9 star bay, within that work room of the villa.

“It’s boring.”

Laying in a chair, there were 6 laptops on the table before him.He was observing every one of them, which had a webpage displayed on their screens with information about his important investments.

“After half a day of virtual wrestling games and another half of gun games, there’s nothing else to do, so boring.” Luo Hua lay down, his legs on the table.

The other workers in the room were all seriously engaged in their work.

As a financial investor, the rest days could be half a month, a few months or even half a year without having to do anything. However, once the ball started rolling they would get extremely busy.

“My god, xphf000891-9279 has suddenly appeared with a huge price!!” A young lady shouted.

“Oh!”

The initially bored Luo Hua sat up immediately, pulling his chair and sliding towards the desk, staring hard at the 2nd laptop screen on his left. The screen obviously displayed the new higher price. Luo Hua smiled, ” I’m not afraid of the troubled waters, just afraid of the stagnant ones! The opportunity has come!”

In such investments, Luo Hua’s initial investment had already dropped 35%. For such high risk investments, these sort of returns were already considered high.

The only reason he could do this was because he had confidence!

From the initial 700 billion universe dollars, after these 2 years of investments, it had grown to 800 billion. It may seem like an incremental increase, but that was only because he hadn’t sold anything, as he was waiting for a good chance!

“The longer one waits, the higher the returns! It just depends on who’s more patient, I hope this time everything will come through!” Luo Hua was like a venomous snake, staring hard at the screen, the universe large investment markets included not just him or an investor with 2 trillion universe dollars, it even included 4 star and 5 star clients.

He had to be extremely cautious!

As he was dealing with the bigger financial market, it was easy to encounter the high level players. They may be the investment department from universe countries, maybe the universe galaxy bank, or the universe 1st bank, or even some large organizations. The moment he encounters a high level player and isn’t careful enough, he could not only not reap his rewards but also may lose his life.

“3rd level financial security risk, this ensures that they stayed within the safety level.”

“1st group, 2nd group, 3rd group, keep an eye on xphf000891-9279, you know the drill!” Luo Hua shouted.

“Yes boss!” A group of youths from earth all were extremely excited.

Luo Huas investment this time, each deal period had a window of 12 hours and every exchange lasted about 4 hours.

“Boss, the price is swiftly rising, it’s already risen 6%, do we sell?”

“Wait.” Luo Hua ordered.

“It’s begun to fall, only left with a 5% increase, and it’s continuing to fall!”

The moment the prices began to move, it indeed made people worried, because the moment it loses 1/3rd of its value, with their 3 level security, it would already implode. Then the 700 billion capital would be reduced to null, returning to nothing!

Luo Hua was expressionless, like a venomous snake, staring hard at the screen before him.

“We still have 2 minutes until the collection time.”

“It’s rising quickly, violently rising.”

……

During the first exchange period it rose 12%.

During the 2nd it rose 8%.

During the 3rd it fell 6%.

During the 4th, it slightly shook falling 0.8%.

From the previous stagnant state, it had completely gone volatile. Even a high level player wouldn’t dare get careless here.he larger the investment one plays with, the moment it falls, it would be hard to sell even if one wanted to! When compared, a large investor would actually have a harder time with higher turnover than a smaller investor.

During the 5th period, it began to rise again, rising all the way to 15%.

“In different batches sell off 30% of the goods.” Luo Hua ordered coldly.

“Boss, the condition is good right now.”

“Looking at today’s madness, even with all the smaller investors, it will go crazy again tomorrow. It will definitely have a period of rise again.” Immediately someone from below shouted, however they didn’t dare delay their actions at all.

The boss’s order, one could have an opinion about it but still had to carry out the order!

This was because in times of crisis, even a small delay could result in heavy losses.

“1st group’s goods completely sold.”

“2nd group completely sold.”

“3rd group completely sold.”

The 3 little groups shouted loudly, Luo Hua who was sitting in his chair before the desk smiled, “Very good.”

……

During the 6th period, the price continued to rise! making it seems like Luo Hua had sold off too early.

“This batch of investment had a total of 700 billion as capital, selling off 30% of the goods, that’s 210 billion, even with the 3rd level security risk, it’s still rising today. we’ve lost the opportunity to earn 20 to 30 billion universe dollars in a short period of time.” The young people were engaged in discussion, however despite their discussions, they didn’t dare go against any of Luo Hua’s orders.

“Sell off 10% of goods.”

“Continue with another 10%.”

During the 7th period, Luo Hua actually did 2 exchanges, and during this 7th period, it was still rising.

During the 8th period, it began to rise initially but fell by a lot after! Finally falling throughout the period.

During the 9th period, the moment it started it continued falling. “Sell 10%.” Luo Hua ordered.

……

Under these volatile situations, Luo Hua still maintained clear orders, throughout the dangerous situations he gave his orders, however with the rises he still made profits.

During the 12th period, it continued to rise!

And after which it still continued to rise.

Throughout this entire process, Luo Hua maintained his position and continued to sell!

“The target has been met, sell off all remaining goods.” Luo Hua ordered.

“Yes.”

Amidst the chaotic situation, Luo Hua managed to sell off all goods under his hand.

“2 years of waiting, half a year of arrangement, finally it’s over.” Luo Hua smiled, no matter how much the price would continue to fluctuate after, it didn’t mean anything to him anymore, his required target had been met and that was enough.

“After the final exchange, the initial capital of 700 billion had ballooned to an enormous amount of 4.681 trillion., it could be considered 6 times that of the initial investment.” Luo Hua was very satisfied. Using the moderate security risk levels, it indeed allowed him to increase his gains. However it was also easy for the security risk levels to cause considerable losses, it was like a double edged sword.

……

This investment, during the next 3 exchange periods, it continued to rise and fall. However, it’s entire movement continued to gradually rise, making the countless investors to be extremely anxious. This was followed by a fall after, this investment continued to fall continuously another 3 times causing others to dump all their stocks, but with no one to buy.

“Even if you wanted to sell now you can’t sell, everything will be stuck.” Luo Hua sighed at the situation, “Who knows how many have had a considerable loss of funds and forced to commit suicide.”

“The boss is indeed formidable.”

“The boss sure is calm.” Within the work room, looking at the 4 continuous falls, they all were covered in cold sweat. Every fall fell by 15%, until finally it hit only half of its previous highest price. Within 4 short exchanges, or 2 days time, this sort of mad drop was too extreme.

“Some win, some lose.” Luo Hua shook his head, “The ones who know how to buy are formidable but the ones who know how to sell are the true winners.”

“Once you’ve reached your target that’s good enough, don’t get too greedy.”

“With this batch of money, I was initially prepared to have 20%-30% that we wouldn’t have been able to be sell. Who would have thought it worked out better than my expectations.” Luo Hua ordered, “Alright, with this the prices should be solid, in this 1% category and investing 100 billion, there’s no need for the security risk levels, and normally these prices will still fall.”

“Understood.”

The workers under him immediately began to establish and invest , even if it continued falling they continued, even if it rose they invested. Whether it was a smart move or not, they would only know after the entire exchange was done.

“Calm down!”

Luo Hua was very clear that he could succeed. The main thing was to have absolute nerves of steel. This was something that his long years as a handicapped and depressed youth had trained out of him. Capturing the opportunity while remaining calm, plus talent and knowledge of investment from earth, all these made Luo Hua the man he is!

“Big brother, I have 4.2 trillion here.” During the 13th exchange period, Luo Hua had transferred this money to Luo Feng.

Ganwu auction, normally it would go on for about 10 days, sometimes longer while sometimes shorter.

Every batch of 1,000 items lasted about 3-6 hours, while the items themselves were not similar to each other.

On the 10th day of the Ganwu auction.

In the enormous auction hall, a million king sized seats with large amounts of sector lords sitting in them, looking at the host in the middle.

“A total of 50 batches of items, 50,000 items, have all been sold.” The turtle shelled old man laughed, “Right now, we’ve reached the climax of the entire auction…the final 100 items, every one of these items are unique and only one of each is available. They are usually extremely valuable, but their starting bids are all 0!”

The end of the auction marked the beginning of the final auction.

“4.2 trillion universe dollars?” In a particular seat, an inconspicuous Luo Feng had an expression of extreme shock, “Luo Hua said in his message that these are the profits? His capital wasn’t affected at all?”

10 days ago his little brother hadn’t earned much.

With a flash, he had already earned this much! Luo Feng was stunned.

“Haha, Luo Feng, your little brother’s really skillful. Even if I was the one handling the accounts, I wouldn’t compare to him. The higher the capital, the harder it is to earn, the other larger powers wouldn’t let you take a piece of the pie. I seriously respect him.” Babata complimented, “With this over 4 trillion universe dollars, you might be able to get something from this last auction.”


Chapter 385: The Second Clone

“The next item is the beginning of our final auction. To be able to start our conclusion, this item is definitely one of the top 3 valuable items– the golden leaf of the ancient Klass tree” yelled the turtled shelled old man. At the same time, an image of a seemingly normal golden leaf appeared on the screen beside him. However, the entire leaf seemed to have a peculiar feeling to it. The fighters on the millions of seats throughout the auction started discussing in confusion.

“What is the ancient Klass tree?”

“What is that?”

“No idea.” Out of the over a million sector lords present, basically 99.9% of them had no idea what this item was.

Luo Feng was also confused: “Babata, what is this?”

“This auction sure can do it. This auction is definitely the best one of the Ganwu auctions in the past 10,000 years” sighed Babata, “This golden leaf of the ancient Klass tree, even in the vast universe, is an extremely valuable item. Don’t bother asking about it until you reach the undying level; it ties into a lot of complicated matters”

“Carry out my order, tell the empire’s investment branch to give me as much money as they can.” On one of the various thrones in the auction, a long-haired middle aged man with long eyelashes gave his order through his virtual assistant.

…..

“Oh? The golden leaf of the ancient Klass tree? I came here this time just for a spot to study in the primal universe, but who would’ve thought I would run into the golden leaf.” A fat man was wearing some peculiar armor. As he stood there, it seemed like an infinite amount of lightning was gathering around him. He seemed to be the avatar of the universe origin laws themselves.

…..

“Those who know about this golden leaf knows how much it’s worth. For those who don’t, nevermind. The authorities have requested that I don’t go into the specifics.” yelled the turtle shelled old man, “Bidding begin, starting bid … 0!”

The first item of the finale of the auction– the golden leaf of the ancient Klass tree, started to be auctioned off.

“1,000 mixed element units!”

A number appeared on the cards of the million sector lords, the various rich people, and even the undying beings, which caused Luo Feng to gasp “1,000 mixed element units right off the bat?”. Such an amount can purchase a few hundred life fruits and a small star sector.

“2,000 mixed element units!”

2,200 mixed element units….. 2,800 mixed element units….. 3,300 mixed element units…..

The rising price caused everybody to widen their eyes in awe.

Even for undying beings, this was a gigantic amount.

“My lord, there isn’t any money left in the royal reserves of the entire empire”

“Bastard!”

Cold darkness was currently emanating from the eyes of a bald, handsome, tall man as he cursed. As of now, the bids have already reached 5,000 mixed element units.

“This is too amazing.” Luo Feng was shocked.

“The requirement for a four star client is 10,000 mixed element units, which is above average for an undying being” said Babata, “The ones still bidding are probably all undying beings.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Sector lord Kabus wealth could rival a poor undying being, which is around 200 to 300 mixed element units. And now, the bids have reached 5,000 mixed element units. Sector lords could only stare at this price in awe.

“The first and last item of the finale are extraordinarily expensive” introduced Babata.

“8,900 mixed element units! Any higher?” the turtle shelled old man smiled as he yelled. This price was already above their accepted standard. If nobody bid above the accepted standard, then the organizers of the auction will arrange for someone to purchase the item.

“8,950 mixed element units!”

Another higher bid.

“8,960 mixed element units!” the price went up only by a bit every time. The price continued to rise, but the frequency lowered by quite a bit.

“Everyone, we’re at 8,990 mixed element units, any higher?” the turtle shelled old man looked around, “Beginning countdown, 10, 9…… 3, 2, 1! Congratulations customer bue52522, you just received this extremely valuable golden leaf of the ancient Klass tree”

Luo Feng was shocked, even his top quality E grade automaton race spaceship is only worth around 1,000 to 2,000 mixed element units. This price of 8,990 mixed element units, is enough to purchase five or six of those automaton spaceships, and that price was used just for a golden leaf?

As the rest of the items appeared, Luo Feng became calm.

It seems like not all of these items were absurdly expensive. Out of the 100 items in the finale, only two or three were extremely expensive! 20 of them were a bit expensive. As for the rest of them, they could only count as ‘extremely rare’; their price is within reason.

“22,000 universe dollars, counting down, 3, 2, 1! Congratulations customer ypr20445, you just received this Tian Luo crystal”

“This next item, is even more rare than the rest. Even in the auctions held in the various empires, one would rarely have the chance to encounter this item– the skin of a Mosha clansman!” yelled the turtle shelled old man. Instantly, the over a million sector lord fighters on their thrones started to go into an uproar.

“Yes, the skin of a Mosha clansman, you didn’t hear wrong” the turtle shelled old man was extremely excited. A peculiar black piece of skin appeared on the display beside him. On the skin was some dark golden engravings.

“Humans, monsters, etc. are all flesh type beings”

“But the Mosha clans people are energy type beings. As long as their energy core doesn’t extinguish, they won’t die. Even if they die, the energy of that Mosha clans person will dissipate, leaving behind just a shattered energy core. Killing them is already extremely difficult, but to try to obtain their skin….. is even more difficult.”

“As a clan specializing in assassination, as the ones that space itself favors, their skin contains the ‘universe origin laws of space’.”

“I’m sure everyone understands the price of this skin”

The million sector lords in the auction started discussing with each other. ‘Luo Feng’, who was sitting on one of the many thrones, was also excited.

“The Mosha clan, Luo Feng, THIS IS THE SKIN OF A MOSHA CLANSMAN! If we say the Golden Horned Beast is naturally talented in the universe origin laws of gold, then the Mosha clan is talented in the universe origin laws of space. If you use its skin to nurture your second clone, this, this is like a dream combo” Babata was extremely excited.

Luo Feng froze, his Golden Horned Beast could have a total of three clones. The first clone is his ‘human from earth’. Now that his Golden Horned Beast has reached the universe level, he could indeed nurture his second clone.

Since he could only have three clones in total, Luo Feng didn’t dare to take it lightly.

If he couldn’t find a suitable one, he would rather hold it off temporarily.

“Mosha clan?” Luo Feng was a bit expectant and confused.

“There are many races throughout the vast universe. The most powerful ones are the flesh type ones. However, other life forms cannot be underestimated. For example, there are peculiar races that can live forever. There are metallic life forms, energy life forms, soul life forms, plant life forms, etc. Metallic life forms can be divided into 10 million different kinds, and there are billions of plant life forms”

“Some life forms are naturally favored by the universe”

“The ‘Mosha clan’ of the energy life forms are one of the most elite races! The Mosha race has the title of the most powerful assassination race! Their only weak point is that they grow extremely slowly. However, once they grow, they’ll become one of the most horrifying assassins. They are naturally talented in comprehending space, so their appearances are extremely peculiar and their escaping methods cannot be predicted.”

“Luo Feng, with your Mosha clan clone, your studies in the Spatial Techniques will be two times easier.” followed Babata.

Luo Feng nodded.

Yes, he had to choose the best choices for the three clones of the Golden Horned Beast. This skin of the Mosha clan was indeed a suitable choice.

“And their most valuable part is their skin.”

“Since they are an energy life form, their bodies would normally dissipate like energy on death, leaving behind just a shattered energy core. Only when they are killed under special circumstances are their bodies preserved. So its skin is extremely valuable….. oh yeah, the price of this skin is quite high, probably at least a few hundred mixed element units. You can’t afford it.” said Babata.

Luo Feng was speechless.

Can’t afford…..

Such a good choice for his second clone, and he couldn’t afford this piece of skin.

“I actually don’t need that much, I only need a tiny bit of the skin.” thought Luo Feng to himself. However, he understood that nobody would be stupid enough to give just a bit of the skin to Luo Feng.

“Unfortunately, I must inform you all that this is not a complete piece of Mosha clansman skin” the turtle shelled old man pointed to the display beside him, which displayed the black piece of skin with the peculiar dark golden engravings on them, “This skin is only a tiny portion of the skin of the Mosha clansman. The rest was either torn apart or destroyed during the battle”

“Man!”

“What was I expecting.”

“Trying to learn from the engravings on the piece of skin is already an extraordinarily difficult task. One out of ten thousand people would already have trouble succeeding. If you could just trigger some thoughts, that would be good enough already. As for an incomplete piece of skin….. there’s basically no chances of success”

“Got all excited for nothing.”

Discussion was rampant across the auction. The difference between a complete portion of skin and an incomplete portion was as large as heaven and earth. This disappointed many of the people here, but one youth was extremely excited.

“Incomplete! The more incomplete the better, the more the better!” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed. Babata followed: “Luo Feng, the price of an incomplete portion is much lower than a complete portion. According to my estimations, you should be able to get it with two or three mixed element units. However, if some undying being wants this and randomly bids, it could raise up to 10 mixed element units, if not higher.”

Luo Feng was speechless.

Out of the roughly a million participants, there were indeed some undying beings. If an undying being wanted it, then the price could soar. To an undying being, 10 mixed element units was indeed not too big of a number.

“They probably won’t fight over it.” thought Luo Feng to himself.

“That is up to your luck. Most undying beings wouldn’t fight over some incomplete engravings, but one of them just might.” said Babata.

Luo Feng clenched his teeth.

He had to go all out…..

And also leave it to fate!

This Mosha clansman skin was definitely an extremely suitable choice for his second clone. As one of the peak energy life forms and the most powerful assassin, even if it was slightly inferior to the Golden Horned Beast, it wasn’t inferior by much. Even a sector lord’s entire fortune could not afford its skin, which was a testament to its value.

“Even if it is extremely hard to learn something from the engravings on a Mosha clansman’s skin, there still exists a chance. Furthermore, the skin of a Mosha clansman is very rare. The numbers of the Mosha clansman are extremely few, so this piece of skin is definitely one of the most, most valuable collection items. Just its worth for collection purposes is already quite high” said the turtle shelled old man loudly, which caused Luo Feng to grind his teeth.

“Alright, let the bids begin. Starting bid is also 0!”

“One mixed element!”

The first bid appeared on everyone’s auction cards.

The auction for the Mosha clansman skin, begins!


Chapter 386: Primal Universe

The elite of the energy race beings, the Mosha clan, with the title of the most powerful assassination race. In numbers, even though the Mosha clan wasn’t as few as the golden horned beast, the value of their skin didn’t seem any lower than a golden horned beast’s body.

Pity…

A partial damaged skin of a Mosha clan, it’s training value was very low, the main thing was just the price. This was what made Luo Feng happy.

“Let’s hope the undying don’t get excited about it.” Luo Feng secretly prayed within, 1 mixed element was a huge amount even for sector lords, without any special situations, they wouldn’t waste their money, the only thing he was afraid of was the undying spending.

1.1 mixed elements…1.15 mixed elements…

The numbers on the screen constantly rose.

1.5 mixed elements…1.51…1.56…1.59…

The numbers continued to jump, within a flash it had broken past 2 mixed elements.

“Just a damaged piece of skin, is there a need for this?” Luo Feng gritted his teeth.

“That’s a skin with space origin laws engravings.” Babata said.

“But it’s damaged!” Luo Feng bit down, entering another higher price.

The price continued to jump at a dazzling speed, especially with a few large jumps, causing the price to swiftly go past 3 mixed elements. After which it was clear that the jumps began to slow down, after all, this was still a damaged piece of skin from a Mosha Clan demon.

“3 mixed elements, any higher and there’s no point.” In the millions of king sized seats, one of the guests, dressed in a peculiar silver armor, with white eyebrows, white pupils and bald. He was all smiles, giving off the impression that he had a personality as warm as a sun.

Even though it was warm, he still needed to be respected.

“3.6 mixed elements. Even if I get it, this Mosha clan’s skin will just go in my training room.” A silver haired black robed old man looked at the price break past 3.6 mixed elements and shook his head, giving up on the bid.

……

“Enough, enough, don’t rise anymore.” Luo Feng stared at the screen of the bids, gripping the slip so tight crunching noises could be heard.

“3.9 mixed elements.” Luo Feng bit his teeth and entered yet another bid.

Others could simply not buy it, but he had to grab this opportunity.

After entering the bid, he continued to stare hard at the screen, the screen continued to display 3.9 mixed elements, after a few seconds of no change, Luo Feng began to grow excited.

“3.9 mixed elements, any higher bids? Countdown 3 seconds, 3…2… 1! Congratulations to guest number knd99286, you’ve acquired the partial piece of skin from the Mosha Clan.” The turtle shelled old man said, his voice resounding across the endless stream of seats within the vast auction hall.

“Phew!” Luo Feng looked at the screen holding his breath, finally releasing a long sigh of relief.

“Haha, Luo Feng, you’ve succeeded.” Babata too was extremely gleeful.

“My luck is good, I was so afraid it would exceed my capacity.” Luo Feng was all smiles.

It was enough. By participating in this Ganwu Auction, he had seen tens of thousands of valuable items. At the same time, he purchased several important items: the Swelling water fruit for the cloud contact vine, the Nan Shen Armament to be his weapon for an extremely long time, and the skin of the Mosha clan to act as his next body.”

The 2nd clone… was going to be of the Mosha clan!

“Right now I’m just worried about one thing…”Luo Feng thought.

“What are you worried about?” Babata asked.

“I’m worried about the owner of this skin, what level of power he was at.” Luo Feng thought, “The golden horned beast’s cloning process doesn’t work on one that is more powerful than itself. Right now the golden horned beast is at universe level 6, that means the nurturing process can only do up to a universe level 6. The owner of this skin…let’s hope it doesn’t exceed universe level 6.”

“We can only rely on luck, however Luo Feng you should relax, the Mosha clan specializes in assassination, the stronger they are the harder they are to kill, much less kill and save a piece of their skin. Hence…the chances of it being a sector lord is close to zero, chances of it being domain lord or universe level are higher. Of course…it’ll still rely on your luck.”

This Ganwu auction had attracted a good number of the Ganwu universe country’s strongest warriors. Even undying from other universe country’s had come to participate!

Whichever emperor, or head of organization, even the undying from whichever god country, they were all but guests within this auction, and Luo Feng was one of them too…many other very high ranking people, their main purpose in joining this Ganwu auction was to get the finale items from the final auctions.

“Attention all, the auction has reached this point, where we’ve sold 99 of the finale items.” The turtle shelled old man was all smiles, his voice resounding across the auction hall, “We are left with the final item of all! Once this item has been sold, it’ll mark the end of the entire Ganwu Auction.”

“I believe everybody cannot wait any longer, actually even I, Old Ba Tuo, am anxious.” The turtle shelled old man’s voice suddenly got louder, “Right now!!!”

“I officially declare, the final item for the entire auction…the name list to enter one of the primal universe!” The turtle shelled old man’s eyes were glaring, his voice bright and loud, “Sector lord namelist! This is the namelist to enter the primal universe, I believe all the sector lords here, even the undying are extremely clear of just how valuable this namelist is!”

Hua…

The entire auction hall had erupted, even though many had heard news of it before, however actually hearing it as the final item, the entire hall had simply erupted!

“Primal universe.”

“The legendary primal universe, to be able to enter and see, even if one reaches the limit of his lifespan, it would be worth it.”

“I heard the primal universe is different from our original universe.”

“The five great leviathans had long taken control of the the namelist for the primal universe, so even the universe countries would have a hard time getting on it. Much less the sector lord name list…it’s going to be crazy, the auction is going to be crazy.”

……

The discussions were rampant, Luo Feng could feel the mixed feelings within them, passion, envy, anticipation, excited.

“Babata, the name list for the primal universe, what does it mean?” Luo Feng asked, “Primal universe, what place is that?”

“Luo Feng you should know that the extremely vast universe that we live in with countless races and all is actually called the original universe. The original universe is a very perfect universe, wanting to actually to make changes to any of the origin laws is extremely difficult.” Babata said, “However the primal universe is different.”

“Primal…meaning as beginning, represents a universe that is still evolving and in its early stages.”

“Legends say that there hasn’t been any life produced in the primal universe.”

“Legends say that because the primal universe isn’t perfect, so there’s constantly disasters.”

“Legends say that because it isn’t perfect, it’s a lot easier to feel and comprehend the origin laws!”

“In the universe, a few powerful organizations, like the virtual universe company, the universe galaxy bank, the huge axe dojo and the other 5 great leviathans will occasionally send a few important elites to enter the primal universe.” Babata sighed, exploring in the primal universe, it’s a lot easier to evolve in there.”

“Luo Feng was getting more curious as he listened, “Where did the primal universe pop up from? How do you go over?”

“No idea.” Babata said.

……

Within the auction, the turtle shelled old man said loudly, “Sector lord pinnacles, the chance to enter the primal universe, the chances of reaching undying level is over one half! This name list is extremely valuable, right now, the auction begins! The lowest bid starts at 0!”

“1000 mixed elements!”

Over a million guests had their slips light up once again with numbers, causing many sector lords to exclaim secretly. So much wealth!

Suddenly the numbers jumped again…”10,000 mixed elements!”

Silence!

The entire auction hall went silent, all the sector lords were stunned, this was the first time during the entire auction the number had actually hit 10,000 mixed elements! This was the requirement for a 4 star client, even amongst the undying, having 10,000 mixed elements was considered not bad.

Throwing out 10,000 mixed elements for only a sector lord namelist, it was indeed extravagant.

“My god, this is only a sector lord name list, if it were an undying namelist…how expensive would that be?” Luo Feng stared wide eyed.

“The undying namelist wouldn’t even appear in this entry level auction. Normally it would be a rare appearance at the middle level auctions, or at the higher level auctions. Even your teacher’s entire fortune wouldn’t be enough.” Babata exclaimed.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“Back then your teacher went to participate in that auction, however in the end his fortune wasn’t enough.” Babata shook his head, “Hence, even your teacher hasn’t visited the primal universe.”

“Even teacher hasn’t gone before?”

“Even though he’s never been, however…that is but a special place. The primal universe belongs to a universe in its early stages. In terms of size, it’s much much smaller than the original universe!” Babata said, “The original universe hosts countless clans and life forms, countless life, and humans are but one of the many!”

“The original universe is the true core.”

“Other secret places, god countries, worlds, primal universe, and other special places, many are attached to the original universe in nature!” Babata said, “Or, correctly speaking, they are parts of the original universe!”

“A part of?” Luo Feng was suspicious.

“Even if I tell you now, you won’t know! Cough…actually, regarding this, even I don’t know that much!”

“Even though your teacher was considered a powerful warrior amongst the undying, however in the vast universe, strong warriors are like the clouds. There were many more that were even more powerful than your teacher.”

“And the universe is simply too vast, even undying, spending trillions of years would find it hard to actually have travelled through the entire universe, hence, even your teacher only knew just a little bit of this universe. Naturally what I know isn’t too much either.” Babata said, “As the most ancient and most mysterious original universe, if you want to know more, you have to rely on yourself.”

Luo Feng smiled.

Right now he was only messing about in the Black Dragon Mountain star field, not even entering the Ganwu universe country yet, much less exploring the entire universe. After all, the human race was but one of the many countless life forms in the vast universe.

“36,530 mixed elements! Any higher?”

“36,550 mixed elements, oh, 37,000 mixed elements, right now it’s at 37000 mixed elements!” The turtle shelled old man’s voice cut through the entire auction hall, “Any higher? We’ll begin the countdown…10…9, oh, 37,500 mixed elements! A new high price, a new bidder, until the final moment, if you miss it it’ll be hard to get an opportunity like this again! 10…9…8…”

“3…2…1! Congratulations to guest number tuf49903, you’ve acquired the chance to enter the primal universe sector lord name list! We congratulate and wish you be reborn as a new undying!” The turtle shelled old man’s voice got louder, “This auction…all of the items have been sold, we thank everyone for their support, I, Old Batuo officially announce that this auction is officially over!!!”


Chapter 387: Final Days of the Lunar New Year

In the Ganwu Universe Country’s territory, an incomparably beautiful light red colored renowned planet called Fula planet existed. This was a notable planet because this is where a great undying stayed. This undying had a high position even within the virtual universe company.

On the planet.

Soldiers from the universe army that belonged to the virtual universe company were stationed here, and the most basic soldiers of this army were at least universe level.

“Hurry!”

“Hurry! the Ganwu auction is about to end. The 100 brothers that won the duels before, quickly enter the network and get ready to receive the important people.”

“Haha, the auction has finally ended, the brothers have all been waiting.”

Within the enormous army base, it suddenly got busy.

“Second brother, I heard that this auction has gathered all of the important figures in the universe country. I heard there are over a million sector lords! Even many undying, along with several youths with huge backgrounds. You have to help me look and tell me about it when you return. This time, even when we went outside the star field to the battlefield, we didn’t see many undying.”

“Relax! Over a million sector lords…tsk, I’ll tell you about it slowly when I return.”

“When the military service limit expired and we returned to the planet’s territory, I didn’t expect to get the chance to go take a gander at such a scene. I heard the lowest requirement for this Ganwu auction is to be a 3 star client, I may never get the chance to participate in my whole life. This time, for the army to send me along with the other 99, I really am lucky.”

“What’s the requirement to be a 3 star client?”

“I heard that the savings must reach 10 trillion universe dollars.”

“My god! 10 trillion universe dollars? This…my entire territory only has a few hundred life planets. Even the number of digits doesn’t match.”

……

Amongst the discussions of the universe level soldiers, 100 of the winners were proudly chosen to enter the virtual universe network.

……

Virtual universe, Ganwu continent, on one of the floating islands.

The main construct of the entire floating island was that enormous auction hall. At this time, under orders, human silhouettes began appearing there, swiftly dispersing and stationing throughout the important locations of the island. Among the total of over 1,000 people, even the service staff were all at least universe level!

“Carter, I heard these guests are mostly sector lords. Over a million sector lords.”

“I’ve never seen so many sector lords together in my life.”

Two male staff members dressed in service uniforms stood beside a small bridge, discussing in hushed voices and suppressing their excitement.

Universe level warriors…

Even though they could be considered tyrants and kings in several galaxies, when compared within the entire star field, their position was still very low. And in the vastness of the universe country, they didn’t amount to anything! Just the Ganwu Universe country alone with over a hundred million galaxies, there were over a million sector lords, just how many organizations were there?

Under the large amount of sector lord’s tutelage, the percentage of universe levels had grown much more.

The entire universe country with over a hundred million galaxies would have a minimum of 1 billion universe levels!! The soldiers that made up the armies sent outside the star field to battle were all at least universe level!

The universe soldiers were all very clear that within the entire universe country they were considered to be at the lower rungs of the ladder. Those participating in the universe country’s greatest gathering…the guests of the Ganwu auction, those were the upper echelons of the universe country.

“The auction has officially ended and all the guests will be leaving directly. All staff members in charge of guiding them, remember your responsibilities. Your performance and contribution will be linked together.” A cold voice swiftly resounded across within every staff member’s mind within the floating island. The two male staff members who were discussing before immediately stopped and stood at attention.

……

Hua!

All that could be seen from that distant, enormous, and totally beautiful auction hall’s exits were the large number of people who began to flow out. There were over 1.8 million guests, with over 99% of them being sector lords(a group of them even undying) along with several youths with huge backgrounds and wealth.

“Sir, this way to the teleportation spot. The other spots are used to sight see our floating island.” The staff member said with a respectful smile.

“Ok.”

Three huge tall and sturdy men walked side by side, glancing just once at the staff member. Their gaze however was filled with an immense willpower, causing the staff member to tremble within. “And this is only in the virtual universe. If it were in reality, with the huge willpower of the sector lords, just a gaze alone would be enough to make my spirit crumble.”

The Sector lords exited one by one…

A sector lord here wasn’t worth anything. One would occasionally spot an existence even more terrifying than a sector lord, even though within the virtual universe they all had normal bodies. However, what made the staff respect them even more was the willpower of the undying infused within their bodies, the power that held the universe origin laws within it.

“There are too many sector lords, the two that passed by were too scary. They must be undying!” All the staff members held their breaths.

“There’s a youth ahead, doesn’t seem like a sector lord though, much less an undying! Oh, he must be a youth with an enormous background.” The staff grew even more cautious. When the black haired youth walked over, they smiled respectfully and said, “Sir, head this way to the teleportation spot, other directions will allow you to sight see our floating island.”

“Ok.” The black haired youth nodded slightly, smiling as he glanced at the staff member while heading towards the teleportation spot.

“He actually smiled at me? This youth really isn’t arrogant at all.” The universe level staff member was excited. He was used to the cold expressions of the sector lords, occasionally getting greeted with a smile made him feel warm and appreciated.

……

Luo Feng followed the directions of the staff member and quickly reached the teleportation spot.

“Most of the guests here are sector lords. Even though it’s within the virtual universe, with their gaze that’s infused with their willpower,, they are still terrifying. These staff members have to be at least at the universe level or else they’ll lose their composure.” Babata said.

“I didn’t feel that terrified.” Luo Feng said.

“First of all, your will power is quite strong and your golden horned beast body is at universe level 6. Second, those sector lords will look at you as their equal. After all, in the universe, there are two types of people that are never to be offended. One is an absolute warrior and the other is those with huge background.” Babata said, “And those who are weak but still come here as guests, usually are people with huge backgrounds.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Without background and acquiring the treasures, one wouldn’t have a path to sell them!

“Sir, we welcome and thank you for attending this time’s auction. We also thank you for your support.” An incomparably beautiful young lady with reddish brown hair smiled, that smile had within it a peculiar mesmerizing ability.

Under the gentle sound of her voice, Luo Feng stepped into the teleportation spot and during the time, he turned to glance at the floating island…

On the island were extremely courteous and respectful universe level staff members, along with many sector lords and undying!

“Coming here really does make one feel nervous.” Luo Feng smiled and shook his head.

Shua!

His silhouette vanished.

To Luo Feng, joining this great gathering of the Ganwu Universe country, the Ganwu auction, it felt very much like a dream. And within the dream…those treasures and their worth were each comparable to a galaxy at least. Now, awakening from the dream, Luo Feng returned to his home, the Black Dragon Mountain star field within the Ganwu Universe Country, the Milky Way, within which was the little and unnoticeable plane Earth.

Fifteen days after the Ganwu auction ended, Luo Feng brough Di Fan in a universe ship and headed towards Bai Lan Star.

Bai Lan Star’s every peak was covered with snow.

Luo Feng walked ahead while Di Fan followed behind him. They were walking towards the beautiful ship while stepping on the snow., It was a ship belonging to the virtual universe company.

“Guest identity confirmed, we can begin the exchange.”

A robotic voice spoke.

The virtual universe company’s workers placed a huge box on the floor, Luo Feng waved and kept the box within his storage ring.

“Respected client, thank you for supporting our virtual universe company.”

Luo Feng shook hands with a silver short haired youth, following which the two separated.Luo Feng and Di Fan swiftly flew back towards their ship.

“We’ve got the goods, let’s return to Earth!” Luo Feng ordered.

The ship rose into the sky and rushed out of the Bai Lan Star atmosphere, engaging in universe travel into the dark universe and heading towards the coordinates of Earth.

……

Within the ship’s control room.

A large box was placed there.

“I’ve spent close to 10 galaxies worth of wealth to buy these treasures.” Luo Feng sighed. Beside him Di Fan smiled, “The more you invest, the more your returns. Master spent so much wealth this time, I believe he will get a hundred to a thousand times more in the future.”

“Haha.”

Luo Feng laughed as he walked boldly forward, opening the box. Pa! The first box was opened. Within it were several translucent boxes, every box had tender and lovely fruits with dew drops on them, which was the swelling water fruit. Even though it wasn’t one that could save a life, the swelling water fruit was still worth a few thousands of life planets.

“Pa!” The second box was opened. Within it was a large number of translucent boxes, and within them were more swelling water fruits.

Pa! The third box was opened.

Luo Feng’s eyes lit up.

What lay within it was a peculiar dark golden long rod, one of the 9 godly weapons for the spirit reader controller, the Nan Shen Armament! Luo Feng squatted down and extended his hand to touch that dark golden long rod, feeling its extreme cold, his heart was filled with anticipation.

This Nan Shen Armament…will accompany him for the next thousand to ten thousand years!

“Pa!” Luo Feng turned around to open the last box, within it was the dark golden peculiar partial piece of skin that had peculiar engravings on it.

“The second clone!” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up, his heart burning with excitement.

In the universe, even though hard work and comprehension was important, talent and resources too were just as important.

One who was incomparably hardworking with high comprehension may be powerful within a galaxy.

However those with talent, back support, with wealthy resources, putting in the same amount of hard work and with comprehension, will definitely accomplish more!

“My aim, is to become an absolute warrior, one even amongst the undying, one that surpasses even my old teacher! This foundation, naturally the stronger it is the better.” Luo Feng’s gaze burned, this partial piece of skin was going to be the conduit for his second clone. Once his second clone was formed, the golden horned beast could then focus on training the golden universe laws while the second clone could strive for the space laws.

Luo Feng’s human body could then focus on the Nan Shen Armament skills.

With the three combined…

His accomplishments wouldn’t have a limit.

“I wont think too far ahead. Right, today is the 12th lunar month, there’s only a few days till the Chinese New Year. I should find presents for Ping Ping and Little Hai.” Luo Feng rubbed his nose.


Chapter 388: Movement

Earth, Asia, Hong Ning base.

“Third brother, why have you come here?” Hong was still dressed in all black.

“Big brother, didn’t you ask me to get you a life fruit the last time?” Luo Feng sat before Hong, picking up a cup of tea, his eyes gleaming as he drank, “Oh, good tea.”

“Life fruit?” Hong seemed anxious with anticipation.

Back then he witnessed for himself how Luo Feng’s cloud contact vine had grown immensely in strength after eating a life fruit.

“I didn’t get to buy a life fruit. However, I bought a hundred Swelling water fruits.” Luo Feng explained, “This swelling water fruit has medicinal properties which are more gentle and your cloud contact vine will definitely absorb it well. These one hundred fruits, use one every ten days for the next three years. Once you finish all one hundred fruits, I guarantee that your cloud contact vine will be able to reach universe level 3 or 4.”

“Oh?” Hong seemed delighted and surprised.

His cloud contact vine, first off, was weaker than Luo Feng’s.

Even Luo Feng’s cloud contact vine only became universe level 2 after eating the life fruit.

“Big brother, the main thing is when I went to participate in this time’s auction, I had to spend quite a bit on a spirit weapon. Hence, I didn’t have enough to get a life fruit.” Luo Feng apologized, “Of course, in terms of nurturing, these one hundred swelling water fruits added together do not pale in comparison to one life fruit.”

“Haha…alright, I understand.” Hong laughed, “We are brothers, there’s no need for so much talk.”

Luo Feng laughed too.

With a wave of his hand, he took out a box and placed it directly on the table before them. Pa! The box was opened and in it were one hundred swelling water fruits.

“Looks very peculiar, they indeed are treasured fruits of the universe.” Hong’s eyes gleamed.

“Without a doubt! The price of these one hundred swelling water fruits is comparable to an entire galaxy.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, curious, “Right, why haven’t I seen second brother around recently?”

“Thunder god? Ever since he acquired the inheritance of sector lord Kabu, these past 2 years he’s been training under that Lord Wu.” Hong smiled, “His strength has been growing quite quickly. Luckily, the training you’ve given me from the Yun Mo Planet has been fruitful and I’ve made some breakthroughs, otherwise I would have been surpassed already.”

Luo Feng realized that the fighter training and techniques from the Yun Mo Planet weren’t weak at all. One had to know that the Yun Mo Planet master had 9 great undying underlings and a big half of them were fighters! Undying fighter techniques, how could they be weak?

The only difference was that the Thunder god had the living AI Lord Wu’s guidance, along with maybe some treasures and assistance!

And Hong, could only rely on his own comprehension and skills.

However, Hong’s comprehension had always been very high. Back then Mingyu had determined that Luo Feng and Thunder god belonged to the level 3 elite geniuses while Hong was a level 1 elite genius. Of course it has only been two years since then. Yet, ever since the golden horned beast broke through to the universe level, Luo Feng’s comprehension in the gold origin laws had huge improvements.

“Right, third brother. Recently, the number of skilled opponents within the slaughterhouse battle arena has increased by a large number. I don’t know what’s going on.” Hong creased his eyebrows.

“Increased by a large number?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Recently, he had been busy with the auction. Hence, he had not been able to keep up with the situation at the slaughterhouse.

“Right, before I could easily defeat many opponents. However,these days, a large number of powerful geniuses have popped up. And these people rarely showed themselves before at the slaughterhouse battle arena.” Hong said, “If a couple of geniuses popped up here and there, It would be nothing. But, with so many of them suddenly appearing, I feel like something might have happened.”

“Hm?” Luo Feng was suspicious, not knowing what the reason was.

That battle arena, Luo Feng didn’t actually go to investigate it. Instead, he immediately began nurturing his second clone.

……

Within the vast golden continent, high above in the sky there was a layer of golden fog in the atmosphere, permeating through to the surrounding continent too.

With an area reaching 6,000km, right in the middle of sky, a black peculiar piece of skin suddenly appeared. This was the damaged piece of skin from the Mosha Clan that Luo Feng had won in the auction, albeit being only a small portion of it.

“Talent, cloning, nurture!”

With a thought the entire world began to rumble. As the tremors ran through, the huge land began to quake.

Chi!

That peculiar black skin immediately vaporized, leaving behind only a peculiar liquid. Amidst the mad quakes happening throughout the continent, the gold fog immediately began to gather towards the center, seemingly wrapping itself around that black liquid left behind by the vaporized skin, in an instant coagulating into an oval shaped golden egg.

“The nurturing process has begun, I don’t even know how long it’ll take before it completes.” Luo Feng thought.

According to Luo Feng’s conversation with the auctioneer during the exchange, he came to know that the original owner was a universe level 2 Mosha Clan demon, and because of that Luo Feng could begin the nurturing.

The natural talent cloning, the golden horned beast only had three chances within its lifespan.

Right now it was the second time!

“The Mosha clan’s nurturing, compared to the initial nurturing of the earth human body, was tens of thousands to even hundreds of thousands times harder. And back then the internal world was a star level 1.Yet, right now the internal world was universe level 6. It was tens of thousands of times stronger than before.” Luo Feng calculated, “After the first day, I should be able to deduce how long the nurturing will take.”

Theoretically speaking, the stronger the original owner, the more elite the bloodline was. This also meant that it would require longer and more shocking the amount of time for the nurturing.

However…

“Weird, weird.”

“Originally, I guessed that the nurturing would require decades to a hundred years. However, I never thought it would only require 3 years and 9 months.” Luo Feng waited a day while using the information he gathered from within the internal world and the mysterious energies that surrounded the continent, he completely figured out the length of time required for the nurturing of the Mosha clan body.

Mosha clan, they weren’t of flesh and blood!

The rules for nurturing a flesh and blood body didn’t apply here.

As an energy life form, as long as the internal world was able to nurture the life crystal core, it would automatically unleash the energy and form its body! And as a special feature of the energy life forms…it could not only take human form, but also other forms and able to transform to almost anything easily.

“All it takes is to nurture the life crystal core, this Mosha clan is indeed special.” Luo Feng thought.

……

The natural talent cloning, the moment it began, Luo Feng didn’t need to think twice about it, he only had to wait patiently.

The 12th lunar month, Chinese New Year came around quickly.

The entirety of China was engaged in ceremonies. Even during the Great Nirvana, with constant attacks by beasts, the citizens of China never forgot their most important celebrations…Chinese New Year. Luo Feng too had to stop reluctantly from his training and spend a few days with his family.

On the 9th day, early morning.

Outside of the Jiang Nan base, in the wilderness region, there were dilapidated and broken cities., Within a city which had been deserted for over 10 years, there was one skyscraper which was 28 levels high. On one of its loft, with a glimmer of light, a human silhouette appeared.

Dressed in dark red armor, feet in boots and carrying a peculiar dark golden long rod.

This dark golden long rod was over 2m long and was quite wide, to the point that 2 hands could barely grab it. With a diameter of about 15cm. The entire rod gave off an aura that made hearts palpitate. The aura it gave off occasionally caused the surrounding concrete city’s large amounts of beasts to steer clear of Luo Feng.

No beast dared to approach him.

“Wearing this Nan Shen Armament feels like carrying a mountain.” Luo Feng could feel the pressure from the Nan Shen Armament he carried.

Normal level 1, 2 or 3 spirit weapons were fairly simple to use.!

However, higher level weapons were different. For example, unleashing the strength of a level 5 weapon required one to first nurture it mentally and spiritually, leaving an imprint on the weapon itself.

“Treat it well and nurture it. Once it’s complete, the Nan Shen Armament will treat you as its master. Then you can begin your training.” Babata said.

“Understood.”

Luo Feng was worried about the armament’s aura affecting his family during the nurturing. Hence, he specially chose to head towards the wilderness region.

“The Nan Shen Armaments, nine levels of amplification.” Luo Feng sat crossed legged, placing the long golden rod on his lap, “According to my level, I should be able to finish the first level.”

The Nan Shen Armament was divided into nine levels, with each having more immense power than the previous. With the reputation being the strongest and also the weakest of the godly weapons, if one wasn’t a true genius, he would be better off using normal spirit weapons.

The first level, named ***

The second level, named the Sky piercing form.

The third level, named the Heavenly blade form.

The fourth: Skilled time.

The fifth: Space slice.

The sixth: Own world.

The seventh: One rod to tremor the earth and skies.

The eighth: Gold blade slicing through the void.

The ninth: Even undying isn’t a foe.

When Luo Feng found out the names of the 9 levels, especially the ninth form: Even Undying isn’t a foe, he was greatly excited. Because, whether it was the inheritance memories of the golden horned beast or the knowledge that Babata had imparted, from sector lord to undying, this was an incredibly huge breakthrough, one that would completely alter one’s soul and spirit! The true supremely qualitative breakthrough!

Undying, could easily destroy the pinnacle of sector lords!

Even the sector lord pinnacle golden horned beast, against an undying, had to lower its head.

However this ninth form actually says even an undying isn’t a foe, it was simply divine.

“It’s a pity that it’s extremely hard to reach the ninth form. Amongst the entire human races within the many universe countries, very few have actually reached the ninth form. The difficulty of completing the ninth form is even harder than reaching the undying stage.” Luo Feng sighed. No matter what, right now he only had a hair’s width of understanding about the golden origin laws. As for the space origin laws, he hadn’t even begun to understand them, he had to slowly work on it.

Luo Feng had immersed himself within the Nan Shen Armament to comprehend it. At that moment, within the Black Dragon mountain empire’s Imperial capital planet.

Imperial capital planet, within a floating castle.

“Have you found any information on Luo Feng yet?” Dressed in imperial gowns, the ninth prince sat in the throne and said coldly.

“No, back in the world within a world, he followed the 3 Axe Mountain and left. We only found out that he was part of the group under Lord Mingyu. We haven’t found anything else and we don’t know where he’s at.” Below, a worker said respectfully.

“Get lost!” The ninth prince Bu Luo Lin ordered.

Lately, Bu Luo Lin had been in an extremely bad mood.

Since the world within a world incident, his grandfather Hargrey was the biggest loser of all! Not only did he not acquire the inheritance crystal ball, he lost almost all of his fortune. Also, he had offended many of the sector lords within the Black Dragon Mountain!

One must know that back in the world within a world, Bu Luo Lin commanded over 220,000 troops. Just where did these troops come from? The main thing was there was a group of sector lords that supported Hargrey from within the Black Dragon Mountain Sacred land. They handed their troops over to Bu Luo Lin to command and decided to support him unconditionally!

All they decided on were promises, which both Hargrey and the ninth prince have not been able to keep. The ninth prince, had even given treasures like the D6 Railguns to his grandfather, to settle with those sector lords.

However, there were over ten of them back then! The treasures the ninth prince had acquired were simply not enough! And with Hargrey himself being close to bankrupt, his mood was definitely not good from the beginning. As these sector lords still chased him about the promise from before, he raged and his mood got even worse.

Eventually, Hargrey lost his power within the sacred land.

Hargrey himself didn’t care much for the power and authority. As a sector lord, his own power was the most important. However…

Losing his power within the black dragon mountain sacred land had negatively affected the 9th prince’s position.

“Hmph!” Bu Luo Lin gritted his teeth, “Both big brother and third brother want to fight with me for the throne?” Thinking about the entire incident before, Bu Luo Lin grew even more enraged!


Chapter 389: Sacred Land Black Dragon Mountain

TLN Note: Prince Bu Luo Lin’s name has been changed to Brolin

Brolin was one with the greatest power amongst the other princes. Not only did he have money, he also had backing!

And right now his backing Hargrey had lost his power within the Sacred Land Black Dragon Mountain Also, the treasures he got from the world within a world were all used by his grandfather to appease the sector lords.

“Money!”

“With money I can even make a sector lord bow to me, without money I can’t do anything!” Brolin gleamed coldly, “The empire’s information system, along with the citizen information cache completely forbids certain news from us princes. If I had enough money, I could pay off someone to risk it and help me acquire the information and news I need regarding Luo Feng!”

The laws of the empire were very strict.

As the life span of the emperor was very long, naturally they would forbid and restrict the princes. The entire empire’s information cache and systems completely forbid the prince’s intervention.

However…

The laws were after all still man made. They were still implemented and carried out by man! With sufficient wealth, one could still pay off someone to get the information.

“Back then I attacked the troops of the Three Axe Mountain. With 12 laser guns I was able to kill 11 of them, only Luo Feng didn’t die.” Brolin thought, “And he definitely managed to exchange treasures in the castle. Also, he had a storage ring capable of storing a universe ship and was to be able to survive a C2 laser gun, the treasures on him must be plenty!”

Brolin was thinking of ways to acquire money, however he wasn’t interested in meager sums, naturally he thought of Luo Feng. Just from the surface, it seems that Luo Feng had plenty of treasures.

Randomly picking any treasure from the world within world will lead to a huge profit if sold.

“I can only do this.” Brolin grit his teeth.

Brolin changed into casual clothing and left the palace.

The palace on the imperial planet was a city that was floating, there were continuous palaces within the city, making the security very strong within.

“It’s his highness Brolin.”

The guards quickly made way. Brolin walked deeper through the lanes into a spacious yard. Beside this yard were regular stone tablets. As he walked towards them, a ripple formed on the surface of the stone tablet and Brolin completely entered through it.

On the peak of a mountain that reached as high as the clouds, a ripple appeared and a human silhouette appeared through it.

“Your majesty Brolin, why have you come to the Sacred Land?”

A low voice resounded. A winged, skinny man with an aura that made one’s heart palpitate immediately appeared on the peak, his green eyes staring at Brolin. Brolin was immediately shocked and said “I have matters I need to discuss with my grandfather.”

“Allow him in.”

A voice resounded across a million km within the mountain peaks.

The man with the wings looked at Brolin and said coldly, “Remember, head directly to Lord Hargrey. Everywhere else is forbidden to you.”

“Yes!” Brolin was very respectful.

Sacred Land Black Dragon Mountain was the biggest backing behind the empire royalty.

The founding emperor of the empire was currently the godly master of the Sacred land Black Dragon mountain. It was he who fused his internal world with the universe space into one, forming the mighty Vast God Country…Sacred land Black Dragon Mountain.

“God country.”

Brolin flew out from the peak, looking at the grand sun which hung above the vast skies and earth with endless ocean stretching out before him.That was something an undying brought from the external world into this god world, a real star!

Tearing space, creating worlds and picking out stars …

That was an undying!

“The Sacred Land, it’s even bigger than the imperial planet outside by many times.” Brolin looked towards the star in the sky as he flew, “To put a star in here, an undying is seriously powerful. If one day I am able to become an undying…” As he thought, he began to shake his head and force a smile.

Undying, even the thought of becoming one seemed too far away.

The entire Black Dragon mountain star field has less than a 100 sector lords. The chances for these close to 100 sector lords to break through and become an Undying was simply too difficult. It seemed like they were all destined to die from old age instead.

After all, there was a limit to a sector lord’s life span.

An undying, on the other hand was the only eternal existence.

“Hu!” Brolin’s thoughts moved, releasing a universe ship from his storage ring.

Sou!

The universe ship flew swiftly towards his grandfather in this god country. The speed of this ship was extremely fast. After flying close to a million kilometers, he saw the entire god country’s most impressive mountain peak, an enormous black mountain that was over a 100,000 kilometers, floating above the ocean.

A floating mountain range that exceeded a 100,000 kilometers!

A mountain range that was bigger than earth itself!

The entire range was black, similar to a huge black dragon with wings. This mountain range was the legendary Black Dragon Mountain.

“Black Dragon Mountain.” Even though Brolin had been here several times, he still felt a sense of awe and fear.

Drawing close to Black Dragon mountain, with one’s naked eyes, it was impossible to see the peak of the mountains or even the ends of it.

“Come here.” A voice resounded within Brolin’s ears.

“Yes.”

Brolin retrieved his ship back into the storage ring the moment he reached the Black Dragon Mountain. As he flew directly towards a luxurious palace, before the palace, at the edge of the cliff stood a bald old man with a roman nose. The space itself around him seemed to distort. It was one of the top 3 sector lords within this Sacred Land Black Dragon Mountain…Hargrey!

“Grandfather.” Brolin quickly flew over.

“Hm.” Hargrey looked at Brolin, a rare smile appeared on his face, “Ah Bu, why have you come here?”

“Grandfather my recent days have been hard.” Brolin gave a helpless expression.

“I understand.” Hargrey saw the look on his grandson, feeling guilty within. The world within a world incident, his grandson had performed extremely well! However, because of the inheritance crystal ball deception, they ended up this way. And the treasures his grandson had acquired were all passed on to his own hands.

“Grandfather, doing anything within the imperial planet requires money.” Brolin said helplessly, “I know now that there was a star level punk in the world within a world that acquired many treasures. However I’m unable to use the empire’s information system or news to search for him. It’s frustrating knowing there are treasures, but not being able to acquire them.”

“Hm?” Hargrey’s eyes gleamed, “Are you sure?”

“Very sure!”

Brolin nodded, “First, I’m sure he managed to exchange for treasure within the castle. Second, he had a storage ring with a universe ship in it. Third, he survived a hit from the C2 laser gun.”

“What’s his name? What news do you have?” Hargrey quickly asked.

The world within a world incident had left Hargrey close to broke!

Normal sector lords had about 10 mixed elements worth of wealth. However at the moment, Hargrey currently couldn’t even take out 1 mixed element.

“He’s called Luo Feng. In the world within a world, he was using the identity of an underling of the 3 Axe mountain’s Mingyu to enter the allied base.” Brolin said, “However, even as a prince, I don’t have much authority to get further information about him”

“Let me check.” Hargrey said directly.

Simultaneously, Hargrey sent a thread of his consciousness into the virtual universe network and began giving orders.

Princes, had little authority.

But he, Hargrey, even though he had lost his power, he was still after all one of the top 3 sector lords within the sacred land Black Dragon mountain. Not only could he use the empire’s citizen information cache, he could do special searches through the Sacred land Black Dragon mountain special information system. Within a few minutes, he had acquired his answer.

“Hm?” Hargrey creased his eyebrows.

“Have you found something?” Brolin anticipated.

“Right, I’ve checked.” Hargrey creased his eyebrows, “Luo Feng, he’s indeed under Mingyu. After the incident in the world within a world, he acquired a 100 planets territory from Mingyu. Also, Mingyu seemed to have acquired a level 5 genetic energy weapon, the Air cutter knife, which was transferred over to a general of the 3 Axe mountain. I estimate that the Air cutter knife was the treasure Luo Feng acquired.”

“Luo Feng initially had only one planet called Earth.”

“Heading to earth is very troublesome. It requires one to travel through a wormhole and after which close to another three years of flying is required to reach Earth.”

“From the Sacred lands information organization, the Peterly family had found this…They had initially sent a small team over, who spent close to 3 years to reach planet Earth. However, there was actually a universe level 9 there stopping their family’s little team. This universe level 9 also proclaimed that Earth was a part of 3 Axe mountain territory.”

Brolin was stunned, he couldn’t help but say, “Grandfather…”

“Very troublesome.” Hargrey shook his head, “First, we don’t know if he’s on earth. Second, heading to earth takes up too much time. Third, there’s at least a universe level 9 on earth. Even if we have to send someone, we have to at least send a domain lord, and under me I only have 3 domain lords. Fourth, the Air cutter knife treasure he acquired has already been given away. Last but not lease and the most important thing is, that’s a part of Three Axe mountain territory.”

Three Axe mountain, the leader of the 4 organizations. Sacred land Black Dragon Mountain didn’t dare easily mess with Three Axe mountain and did not want to get on its bad side either.

“This matter will stop here for now, I’ll arrange for the Sacred land information system to do a thorough check on Luo Feng.” Hargrey emphasized, “I’ve been very busy recently too. I have to devote my time to training a bunch of disciples under me.”

“Understood.” Brolin understood too that there was nothing he could do.

“Grandfather, you said you are nurturing disciples?” Brolin was very shocked. A pinnacle sector lord usually only gives several pointers to his disciples. But, dedicating time to actually train them, he had never heard his grandfather ever mention this before.

“This was something the Sacred land assigned me to do.” Hargrey sighed, “Right now in the vast universe, several universe countries and many god countries and organizations have begun to seriously train their disciples. There are many other independent strong warriors who’ve begun to seriously train their disciples. After all, time is running out.”

“What?” Brolin was suspicious.

“For the two pinnacles of battles…” Hargrey reminded.

“Oh!”

Brolin stared wide eyed, “Grandfather, are you speaking of…”He held his breath.

“The absolute genius fight, or the strong warrior fight?” Brolin asked.

“The genius fight.” Hargrey said.

Brolin’s heart beat raced.

In the vast universe, the strong prey on the weak. And the human race was one of the most elite races amongst all the other races in the vast universe! However, even though they were elite, it didn’t mean that they would always stay on top. Hence humans too had to work hard and nurture their elites.

In the universe, humans had two ultimate battles that expanded across the vast universe!

One of them was the pinnacle genius battle for the humans across the universe. The other was the pinnacle warriors battle for the humans across the universe.

The pinnacle genius battle, was aimed at all the star level humans in many universe countries. As long as one was a star level, they could participate!

The pinnacle warrior battle, was aimed at all the universe level warriors. Any universe level human could participate!

“All the great universe countries, with trillions of galaxies and countless star level humans, they’ll battle with extremely fair and strict conditions. To be able to survive and stand out till the end would mean one was an absolute genius in countless galaxies!” Hargrey sighed, “From the star level, one can begin to see a person’s natural talent,comprehension and their level of genius! Taking all the universe countries into account, I wonder if our top genius from the Black Dragon mountain star field will be able to make it into the top one million of the geniuses.”


Chapter 390: The Hovering Declaration

“It won’t be that bad.” Brolin couldn’t help but to say, “Our Black Dragon Mountain starfield has billions of star level fighters. Are you saying that it would be hard for even one of them to enter the top million in the universe?”

“Extremely difficult!”

“Extremely, extremely difficult!” Hargrey nodded, “There are around 13,000 starfields under the Ganwu empire, and almost 1,000 other empires under its control! Our Black Dragon Mountain empire is just one of those empires under the Ganwu empire. In terms of the number of powerful fighters, we have even fewer compared to the starfields directly under the Ganwu empire!”

“It would be hard for our Black Dragon Mountain’s top genius to place in the top 10,000 in the Ganwu empire, much less out of the over 1,000 empires of the entire human race” said Hargrey, “For example, in the last Battle of Geniuses, there weren’t any people from our starfield in the top 10,000!”

“What?” Brolin widened his eyes.

“Embarrassment, this is an embarrassment to our Black Dragon Mountain Empire, and an embarrassment to our sacred land!” Hargrey’s anger surged and the surrounding temperature dramatically dropped. The air around them froze and ice crystals started to form.

“Grandfather!” Brolin felt a bone chilling coldness as he yelled.

With a thought from Hargrey, the surrounding temperature went back to normal. “I was just angry because I felt ashamed.”

“Okay, I still need to raise my disciples, you go back first.” said Hargrey.

“Yes, grandfather.”

Brolin didn’t dare to say more and left right away.

His original plan to get his grandfather to send people to deal with Luo Feng seems to have ended in failure.

China time, 2066/3/9, Black Dragon Mountain island in the virtual universe.

The various continents and islands in the virtual universe also had day and night. There were even virtual stars in the sky. As of now, it was night. There were various lit up places across the Black Dragon Mountain island. Places like bars were extremely bright. Everything was normal.

Suddenly–

In the night sky above the Black Dragon Mountain island appeared an enormous, black declaration that emanated light out of thin air. This completely black declaration had conspicuous white letters glowing on it.

“Humans of the universe–the top Battle of Geniuses”

“Once every 10,000 years!”

“Is about to be held!”

“Sponsored by the Virtual Universe Network company and all the universe empires!”

“Are you a genius? Can’t find an opponent that’s on the same level as you? Then join the ‘top Battle of Geniuses’. Here, will be where billions of geniuses from all over the universe compete with each other!”

“For details, please visit our Virtual Universe Network’s homepage through your virtual assistant”

The gigantic declaration that appeared out of nowhere in the night sky was over one million km wide and long. Even in the Black Dragon Island where billions of people lived, you can clearly see the declaration if you raise your head!

“The top Battle of Geniuses is beginning? Wow, haha, things are going to get crazy”

“The battle between the billions of geniuses throughout the universe?”

“It’s a huge banquet for all of humanity!”

“I heard if you can place in the top 1,000, you’ll receive a startling reward!”

“Yea, this time the Virtual Universe Network company is hosting it, so the rewards must be great!”

“The top Battle of Geniuses, held twice every 10,000 years. Once by the Virtual Universe Network company, and once by the Battle-Axe Coliseum!”

“Hurry and check their website!”

In the virtual universe, above each continent that represented a ‘universe empire’ and each island that represented a ‘medium level civilization’ appeared a gigantic declaration. Each declaration advertised the fact that the ‘Humans of the Universe–top Battle of Geniuses” was beginning soon.

In just a night, this news spread across all of the empires of humanity.

The speed at which the news spread showed how advanced the virtual universe network was.

Killing Fields– Killing Area

This was a boundless desert. There were thousands of densely packed black clothed men on the desert. Each black clothed person was a star level five stage. In front of these thousands of black clothed men stood a white robed bald person. He held a genetic weapon blade, which reflected a cold light.

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

The several thousand black clothed men yelled and then crazily charged forwards like lightning.

The white robed bald man smiled as he walked over. Lightning seemed to appear in his surroundings. When the first bunch of the black clothed men arrived, the white robed bald man’s body suddenly flashed, and the blade in his hand moved!

“PU!”

His blade was as fast as lightning! It instantly slashed open a black clothed man’s head, and his blood flew everywhere!

“PU!” “PU!” “PU!”…..

The white robed bald man didn’t seem to be moving that fast, but his movements were very peculiar. At the same time, his blade was usually stationary, but once it moved, it was as fast as lightning and was guaranteed to take a life! His steps and his slashing formed a very mysterious rhythm. Fast combined with slow as large amounts of opponents of the same level were slashed to death.

“CHI–” a long whip hit the white robed bald man’s left arm, causing it to blow up and become bloody.

“CHI!” “CHI!” “CHI!” the others that were surrounding him took advantage of this opportunity to attack him.

The white robed bald man died!

The surrounding space slightly changed. All of these black robed men, including the corpses, marks of blood, etc. completely disappeared, and the white robed bald man appeared again.

“Wu, I did a good job didn’t I.” smiled Thunder God, “I killed around 190 opponents of my level in one go.”

“STUPID STUPID STUPID!”

“You are SOOOOO stupid. Without me, you were able to attain your own domain. Now that I’m taking all my time to train you, you should be improving even more!” A white bearded old man that was the size of a fist was roaring in rage on Thunder God’s shoulder, “Also, I can’t believe you lost to that Hong last time! I’m so embarrassed! Hong doesn’t have a teacher while you have me teaching you, AND YOU STILL LOST!!!”

“I almost won….” followed Thunder God, “Don’t forget, I’ve never beaten my big brother even once all these years. It’s good enough that I almost won last time”

“What do you mean ‘good enough’? You need to aim higher!”

“Alright, let me talk to you about your body and blade technique. From today’s examination, your technique still has quite a few problems. I saw nine of them in a glance. First, your blade’s movement is part of your body’s technique, you just can’t get it right. Next, …..” the white bearded old man pointed out a bunch of errors.

Thunder God listened carefully.

…..

Only after he finished training did Thunder God leave the killing fields. When he stretched outside the lobby of the killing fields as he prepared to call the sky horses in the sky, he saw the enormous declaration in the sky.

“Damn!” Thunder God widened his eyes, “Such a gigantic declaration?”

Thunder God read the declaration’s contents.

“Top Battle of Geniuses? Kiddo, you HAVE to participate, such a rare chance!” roared the old man Wu.

“Big brother, thirdie!” Thunder God contacted Luo Feng and Hong.

Earth, continent of Asia, dawn.

On an extremely battered highway, Luo Feng was in a battle robe and had a dark, golden staff on his back. He coldly looked ahead, and with a thought in his heart, he yelled: “*!”

CHI!

Suddenly, a flash of golden light shot out of the dark, golden staff on his back. At the same time, a powerful peculiar force merged into the golden light. After that, the golden light stopped in mid air. The light appeared to be nine small golden blades that were as thin as a cicada’s wings. At this time, the nine fist-sized golden blades with extremely complicated engravings on them were currently spread out in a row. With the assistance of a concentrated domain, Luo Feng used his powerful conscious to attempt to move those nine small golden blades.

Golden threads were everywhere as they intertwined. In terms of complexity, this was tens of thousands of times more complex than the ‘soaring shuttle’.

“Converge!” Luo Feng clenched his teeth.

The nine small golden blades that were connected by the complex golden threads combined in a mysterious matter. Finally, a golden * started to form.

“PENG!” The golden * fell apart and the golden threads snapped. The nine small golden blades spread out.

“Return.” Luo Feng’s face was pale as he sighed and shook his head.

The nine small golden blades swiftly returned to the small openings in the dark golden staff on his back.

“Who would’ve thought that the first stage of this ‘Nan Shen Armament’ would be so difficult.” Luo Feng shook his head and sighed. After training with the Nan Shen Armament over the past few days, he has already gotten used to it. However….. fighting with the Nan Shen Armament is indeed extremely difficult. He has so much trouble with just the first stage.

Currently, he has a five stage domain and has stepped into the entrance of the origin laws of gold.

At the same time, his spiritual force amplifier has reached 58. Of course, this amplifier is the amplifier of the universe level six stage Golden Horned Beast. That’s why Luo Feng, a star level seven stage spirit reader, can have such a disgustingly huge amplifier.

A powerful spiritual force amplifier, a five stage domain, and stepped into the entrance of the origin laws of gold.

Any one of these things is quite amazing for a star level fighter.

But even with that, he still hadn’t finished the first stage.

“Don’t rush, Luo Feng. Your domain, comprehension of the laws, and spiritual force is enough to cast the first stage. However, you haven’t practiced enough yet. You have to practice over and over again. You have to practice it so much that it becomes natural to you. After that, you won’t have to use so much spiritual force.” said Babata.

“Understood.” said Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng, there’s a call invitation from Thunder God.” said Babata.

“Hm? Second Brother?” Luo Feng was a bit shocked. Thunder God was being trained like crazy by his living AI, so he rarely contacted Luo Feng, “Connect to the virtual universe network”

…..

Western Asia, wastelands.

A battered beggar was currently sitting cross legged below a curved tree. However, the monsters that frequently ran past ignored him and didn’t even try to eat him.

“ROAR~”

Monsters attacked each other and blood was everywhere.

However, the beggar still sat silently.

“With light, there’ll be light.”

“Without it, darkness.” spoke the beggar quietly.

Whoosh.

The beggar that was sitting there instantly disappeared. His surrounding area suddenly turned into absolute darkness. And right after that, the absolute darkness disappeared, and the beggar appeared once again.

“Universe…..natural….. our ancestors were so intelligent, but were restricted to their bodies and couldn’t dig deeper.” The beggar revealed a smile, “Last time I was almost defeated by second brother, and now my domain finally stepped into the sixth stage”

“Hm?”

“Second brother again? Does he want to spar?” The beggar’s battered clothes instantly burned up. At the same time, a new outfit automatically extended across his body. He became a tranquil looking man right away, it was indeed the big brother of the three powerful fighters of earth–Hong.

…..

Luo Feng and Hong both entered the virtual universe network.


Chapter 391: Big winds, Rise!

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain island’s nine star bay district.

Luo Feng and Hong appeared at their own grass fields. At this time, Thunder god was shouting, “Thirdie, Big brother, you’ve finally come, quickly look up!”

“What’s going on? Why so noisy?” Hong smiled as he looked at him before looking up.

Luo Feng curiously looked up too.

In the air, there was an enormous declaration, almost like a curtain in the sky.

“Battle of geniuses?” Hong squinted a little, gleaming.

“All of the universe countries from the universe, a trillion geniuses are to battle?” Luo Feng looked at the declaration and it’s details, drawing in a cold icy breath. It was madness! This was too crazy! Just how vast was the universe?

Not even the universe, just the Ganwu universe country alone had over a hundred million galaxies.

At any given galaxy there would be a multitude of top geniuses. But when the entire universe country is taken into consideration, they could already squeeze out over 1 hundred million geniuses! “Interesting.” Luo Feng squinted his eyes, feeling a strong sense of anticipation within.

“Big brother, Thirdie.” Thunder god walked over, and pointed beside them. Immediately a floating screen appeared and on it was the virtual universe website. On its front page it had a glaring broadcast, ‘Universe humans–Genius battle’ link.

“Open it and see.” Hong said.

“Kay.” Thunder god gently tapped it and it opened the link.

After opening it, it gave a detailed explanation of the Universe humans–Genius battle.

The genius battle was aimed at all star level humans.

As long as one was a star level human, they could participate!

The genius battle, accurately speaking, was organized once every 5000 years, or twice every 10,000 years. These two battles were separately held by the virtual universe company and the Huge Axe dojo. Hence to the virtual universe company, this genius battle naturally was a grand affair that happened once every 10,000 years for them.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Genius battle was separated into the universe country selections and the final genius battles.

Each universe country will organize their own selection internally and after picking out the elites, the geniuses would form a group and participate in the final genius battle.

The final battle would determine the ultimate victor.

The top 1,000 geniuses of the universe, will have 3 big prizes.

1. According to how high they are ranked, they will receive between 10 mixed elements to 10,000 mixed elements and more as their prize.

2. They will receive the chance to enter the primal universe name list.

3. They may become internal core members of the virtual universe network.

Luo Feng was utterly baffled.

As long as you reach the top 1,000, even the lowest would receive 10 mixed elements which was even more than his rewards from the world within a world. And the highest was 10,000 mixed elements. He estimated that the number one of the entire genius battle would receive that. 10,000 mixed elements, that was comparable to the entire wealth of an undying.

Virtual universe company, indeed it was extremely wealthy.

“All 1,000 of them will be able to enter the primal universe?” Luo Feng couldn’t forget that during the Ganwu auction, the scene for the competition to enter the primal universe had intense competition. And it was a place even his teacher hadn’t entered.

“These prizes seem not bad. Cash, primal universe, core member… Hehe. These sort of prizes are worthy for the top 1,000 geniuses.” Babata said, “Luo Feng, your chances are not bad, go give it a shot.”

“What do you mean give it a shot?” Luo Feng asked, “From your tone, it seems that it’ll be very hard for me to reach the top 1,000?”

“What do you mean very hard?”

“Luo Feng, you really underestimate the trillion geniuses within the universe! Let’s not even talk about the universe’s top 1,000, which for you is too difficult and almost impossible. if you can reach the top 1,000 within the Ganwu universe,, that’ll be not bad already.” Babata said.

“Er…” Luo Feng realized.

“Even though there are very few undying within the universe, the number of star level disciples under these undying range in the trillions! In terms of talent…many not only have strong bloodlines, but they also have extremely high talent! Considering there are countless people in the universe, in terms of comprehension,, why wouldn’t there be people with extremely high comprehension ability within the universe? There are even more people with great willpower and hard work, ”

“Your strongest trump card is the golden horned beast’s body. It has given you remarkably strong willpower, and also allowed you to begin to perceive the origin law’s with much ease.”

“However with these alone, wanting to make it to the top 1,000 of the universe’ trillion geniuses… that’s simply too far away.”

Babata’s tone changed, saying, “Of course you’ve been working hard. Even though the golden horned beast has given you enough talent, however between golden horned beasts and its other counterparts, the difference is still huge. Because of you, this golden horned beast has been training very hard. To be able to attain a level 5 domain in a short 3 years, your hard work is the main reason.”

“Just like your big brothers, in terms of age they are even older than your grandfather! And many star level geniuses within the universe are at least a few hundred years old.”

“As for the star levels that survived for a few thousand years, they pose no threat. Not breaking through to the universe level after a few thousand years, that doesn’t count at all as genius. Their comprehension and other abilities must be weak.”

“Your biggest weakness is…your training time has been too short. Your training till now hasn’t even reached 30 years.”

Luo Feng pondered.

“Of course, your willpower, domain, and comprehensive abilities are strong. Once you add all 3 added together, you are indeed very strong. You can definitely wipe out the geniuses within the Black Dragon mountain star field without any problem.”

“As for the top 1,000 of the universe, that’s simply too far away. You can go ahead and give it a shot. Fighting your way into the Ganwu universe top 1,000 will already be considered a great success..” Babata said.

The news of the genius battle stirred up the three brothers. At the same time, within the vast universe’s countless galaxies, there were trillions of star level humans who were waiting in anticipation for the battle.

……

This was a vast god country, within its center floated a volcano.

At that time.

A 7 to 8 meter tall human silhouette with red scarlet hair with his entire body seemed to be bathed in a flame, stood in mid air. Beside him were several other sector lords, and before him knelt up to 1,000 star level youths.

“You all are the most elite disciples of the Heavenly Flame god country.”

His voice was like thunder, resounding within the 1,000 youths’ ears.

“As long as any of you pass the initial selection and enter the battle, I’ll take him as my disciple. If you can fight into the universe top 1,000, I will give youan entire galaxy!” The god like figure bathing in flame said coldly, “Go prepare right now and don’t disappoint me.”

“Yes, God master!”

Over 1,000 youths complied respectfully.

……

“Remember, you take along with you the honor of the Black Dragon Mountain empire.”

A low hoarse voice sounded.

In the sacred land Black Dragon mountain, a tall and sturdy man dressed entirely in black scales with a black dragon horn on his forehead stood tall. The space around the area where he stood seemed to tremble. The surrounding sector lords were extremely respectful. Before this presence, they didn’t dare to show any form of disrespect. Just the aura and forceful energy from this man made everybody shudder.

“Go on, battle for the honor of the Black Dragon mountain!”

This huge god like figure spoke.

“Yes god master!”

Close to 1000 star level youths knelt there, extremely respectful, their expressions passionate. Amongst them, almost all of them were gazing at the legendary founding emperor of the Black Dragon Mountain empire for the first time, the grand undying being.

……

On a green planet with its entire planet was covered in vegetation. There were many aboriginal life forms. Yet, this planet didn’t seem to have any trace of technology at all.

On this planet, the fighters were extremely strong to the point where they had up to ten universe levels, with many many more star levels. This sort of strong planet should have long entered the universe culture, unless its location was simply too desolate or it was a territory of an absolute warrior.

A few warriors would specially cultivate a planet to let it remain without the influence of technology.

“100 star level 9 fighters and spirit readers will surround you and attack you in a bit.” A white robed bald man moved slowly.

Beside him was a fit white robed youth carrying a blood red blade.

“Ok”, the white robed youth gently nodded.

Suddenly from the distance flew a group of star level 9s. This group of fighters and spirit readers had immediately surrounded the youth. Usually against such numbers, one would rely on movement to dodge and avoid, reducing the number of enemies quickly. For this person to let himself get surrounded immediately…

It was akin to suicide.

“Begin.” The white robed old man ordered coldly.

Rumble!

The 100 star level 9 fighters and spirit readers surrounding the youth made their move simultaneously, be it with genetic weapons or spirit attacks, or even blade weapons.

Hua!

A blood red blade flashed!

The white clothed youth’s body became a blur and there seemed to be images of himself appearing throughout the area.

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi!

Fresh blood flew everywhere. The 100 bodies were either slashed open or their heads rolled…

In an instant, they were all killed!

“Very good.” The white robed old man’s eyes gleamed, “You’ve improved considerably, compared to before. You are definitely the most impressive genius your teacher has seen from trillions of years of wandering the galaxies.”

The white clothed youth’s body trembled slightly. His cold eyes looked at the white robed bald man. his eyes filled with shock: “Teacher, you, you just said…” How long has it been since he followed this absolute warrior. He had never heard such an obvious complement. At most he’d receive little words of encouragement or something along those lines.

“Your teacher cannot teach you anything anymore.” The white robed old man said.

“Teacher, I…” The white clothed youth wanted to speak. But he didn’t want to say anything offensive, and stood speechless for awhile.

“Go take part in the universe genius battle. With your strength, entering the universe top 1,000 should be simple. In the virtual universe, the strong are numerous like the clouds. Only there will you be able to find a suitable teacher to teach you.” The white robed bald man said, “When you reach the undying level, look for me again.”

Hu!

The white robed old man vanished.

“Teacher…” The white clothed youth wanted to speak, before stopping from realization and whispering softly, “Genius battle?”

……

“Genius battle? All the universe countries within the universe?”

A 3m tall youth with messy hair, walking barefooted in a desolate mountain range, carrying a short knife laughed loudly, “Sounds interesting! I, Tuman haven’t met an opponent in a long long time.” In the distance behind him there was a body of a universe level 1 warrior.

……

All people within the vast universe, in the universe countries, countless god countries, along with other independent geniuses, hard working warriors, travelling fighters etc, had noticed the genius battle declaration that encompassed the entire universe.

There was only a winner and a loser The more genius one was, the more they were unwilling to submit to others.

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain island 9 star bay.

Luo Feng, Hong, and Thunder god looked at the screen.

“Second and third brother, shall we take part?” Hong looked at Luo Feng and Thunder god.

Luo Feng and Thunder god looked at Hong, their eyes all filled with anticipation for battle.

The three immediately laughed.

“Haha…”

“Then let the three of us brothers go and fight it out.”

The three brothers from earth too were filled with confidence and heroism.


Chapter 392: Endless Geniuses

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god opened a screen each before them and entered the virtual universe company’s website to submit their names.

On the main page, there was a very clear number…1,948,593,889. Within a few seconds the numbers immediately jumped greatly, becoming 2,008,299,173. Beside these numbers were the words in universe language, Ganwu universe country participants headcount.

“So many people have signed up!” Thunder god said shocked.

“A lot Indeed.” Luo Feng looked carefully, “That’s right, it has already exceeded 2 billion.”

“When I entered the slaughterhouse to train, I didn’t even see the declaration. But, when I came out, it was already there and I immediately came to look for you guys. It definitely hasn’t been that long!” Thunder god exclaimed, “Within the time I was training, there were actually so many people who had signed up.”

“The entire Ganwu universe country has over a hundred million galaxies.” Luo Feng laughed and began to register for the event.

“We still have to input our information?” Luo Feng looked at the screen helplessly, before swiftly filling it in and pressing the submit button.

“Di.”

“Scan complete. Star level 7 spirit reader, application successful.”

The application process of the virtual universe network had the ability to scan a person’s ability and strength. Hence it could automatically verify that the applicant was a star level.

……

The three of them signed up that same day. However, the entire human race of the universe still had about a month or so left to sign up for the genius battle. Since there was still time left for the battle, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god grabbed the opportunity to work hard and train to raise their own strength and abilities. No one wanted to get eliminated immediately.

Whether it was Luo Feng, Hong or Thunder god, they all had their own pride!

No one was willing to admit defeat easily. As for trying to make them to submit? That would be a tough indeed!

Time passed by and under the supervision of countless human galaxies and universe countries, the application period finally came to an end.

According to china time, it was year 2066, april 16th.

“Luo Feng, there’s mail.”

“Punk, there’s mail.”

“Master, there’s mail.”

On earth, Luo Feng, Thunder god and Hong all received the notification simultaneously, immediately entering the virtual universe network.

……

Virtual universe, Black Dragon mountain, island 9 star bay.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god appeared simultaneously at their house entrances, smiling as they glanced at each other.

“Daddy!” Little Hai ran excitedly at Luo Feng. “Daddy, why have you come? I haven’t seen you here in such a long time.”

“Come, sit on daddy’s lap.” Luo Feng sat in a chair beside him. While hugging his son on his lap, he pointed in mid air. A screen appeared automatically, and he swiftly opened the mail.

“We welcome your participation in the universe human race…Genius battle selection.

There have been over 822.5 billion star levels that have signed up for the selection this time, within the Ganwu universe country territory., This amount has exceeded previous times participation by over 110 billion! This has made our virtual universe company very happy.

We can guarantee that the genius selection process will happen under the fairest of conditions.

The level of participants range from star level 1s, 2s, all the way to level 8 or 9. To be fair during the true geniuses selection, the true elimination arena will be held within the virtual universe. All participants will have the same bodies physically while maintaining a star level 9 ability.

Everybody’s spirit powers will be at the same level too, at the star level 9!

All participants will have exactly the same physical abilities. However, their looks can be customized! One can pick out their own genetic weapons or spirit weapons (Not exceeding 10 of them. A reminder to participants, even though level 4 or 5 spirit weapons are strong, if one’s abilities are weak, it can’t be used properly. We advise you all to pick what’s suitable). At the same time you can pick genetic armor (Not exceeding level 2), and acquire storage rings that have food and beverages within.

Genius selection!

The test will be on willpower, domain, experience, law comprehension etc,

This time’s genius selection will be separated into two levels.

The first level will be each universe country picking out their top 1000 warriors.

The second level will be the gathering of all the top 1000s from each universe country, then there will be a final battle to decide the universe’s top 1000.

Among which…

The scale of the first stage is at an unprecedented level.

The universe country you are in is the Ganwu universe country.

The Ganwu universe country has over 822.5 billion participants. It will be split into the elimination stage and the arena battle.

Once the elimination stage wraps up, there will be a total of 100,100 participants left!

As there are many to be eliminated, this stage itself will definitely be a bloodbath.

The initial elimination of the Ganwu universe, will begin with a 100 worlds within the virtual universe. Every world will have 8.2 billion participants. 8.2 billion participants will kill amongst themselves on each world. Killing others will gain one accumulated points, the more one kills, the more the points! Everyone only has one life. Thus,the moment you die, it ends.

The elimination stage would come to an end at this point.

With regards to the accumulated points, the top 1,001 participants of each world will be ranked accordingly and they’ll be considered having passed the elimination. Every world will choose their top 1,001 participants. With a total of 100 worlds, 100,100 participants will be picked.

Simultaneously…

Every world’s top participant will be able to skip the arena stage and immediately head into the top 100 namelist of the top 1,000. The remaining 900 will be decided through the arena with the 100,000 people.”

“The message contains an attachment, further details can be found in the attachment.”

Looking through both the message and the attachment, Luo Feng couldn’t help but feel immense pressure.

The elimination itself was going to be crazy.

Over 8.2 billion people will be desperately killing each other in the world just to gain enough points to rank higher.

“Second brother, third brother, this genius battle is going to be brutal. Just through the elimination level alone, over 800 billion participants will be eliminated, and only 100,100 will remain!” Hong smiled, “This’ll make every one kill frantically within the first round. I can just imagine the scene of a psychotic world full of fresh blood and corpses.”

“There’s too many people, hence they have to resort to such measures.” Thunder god smiled, “I’m anxious already.”

Luo Feng laughed, his eyes gleaming with a sense of bloodthirst.

The current Luo Feng would occasionally enter the slaughterhouse and select a large amount of opponents to madly slaughter. Luo Feng could only rely on such methods to vent out the bloodthirst that permeated even from within his soul. And the elimination level… allowed 8.2 billion people to madly slaughter within each world. The one who was most anxious and anticipating of the three brothers was Luo Feng.

“Kill kill.” Luo Feng imagined himself killing 10 people in one blow.

It was thrilling!

At the end of the submission period, the virtual universe company began to move. The preparation itself was tedious and complex, however the virtual universe company’s efficiency was extremely high.

One month after the submissions closed, china time year 2066, may 16th. This day was the gathering day for the Ganwu universe elimination selection.

……

“You all help me keep a close watch on the points and the ranking systems which will be changing constantly. Our organization was unable to get a few super geniuses, but we can atleast get those that almost make it too. Our Ganwu universe has a total of 100 elimination worlds. Taking every world into consideration, the top 10,000 will all be extremely powerful. Keep an eye on their rankings.”

“This is the best opportunity to acquire more elites.”

……

“Every time the rankings change, do a calculation.”

“Gather all the information of the elites and geniuses and store them. Our Ganwu universe country’s large amount of future sector lords and domain lords will be amongst them.”

……

“You are all our Nuolan Shan family’s most elite of the young generation. I don’t dare to expect each and every one of you to get past the elimination level. However, whoever manages to rush into the top 10,000 will be named the next head of the Nuolan Shan family!” Nuolan Shan stood before over 1,000 youths, filled with anticipation and hope.

……

“Today is the beginning of the gathering for the elimination.”

“The godmaster is filled with hopes for everyone, don’t let him down.” In sacred land Black Dragon Mountain, a group of sector lords too were speaking to a large amount of disciples.

……

“You all are the Old Ganwu universe country’s future elites and pillars.”

“We wish for you all to take at least half of the 100,100 name list!” A thick voice rumbled through the skies and earth, resounding within a universe space. On one particular space, a giant that was impossible to see clearly stood. The space around around him was warping slightly, and before him in the distance was a blur of endless youths.

All the youths were respectfully kneeling down.

There was such a large group of youths that it was impossible to see from one end tothe next with the naked eye. Beside this giant’s voice that made people tremble, were several other powerful undying beings, all standing respectfully around.

Every undying had their own heart palpitating and powerful aura, and with just one look, there were at least a thousand undying beings there!

“Go on children.” A thick voice rumbled through the space, causing everyone’s soul to tremor and rise their morale.

“Yes, country master!”

Over one hundred million star level youths knelt there respectfully and excitedly. They didn’t think that they’d actually get to see the legendary being, the one who built the Ganwu universe country! A being so high up that it was impossible to imagine. The leader of the Ganwu universe country! had held his position for over a trillion years.

“Phew.”

The space ahead warped and over a hundred million star level youths immediately vanished. This unbelievable god made even the surrounding over 1,000 undying’s stand there with their hearts palpitating respectfully.

……

Countless humans were watching this elimination battle.

And on this day, China time March 16th. A large amount of participants started to gather, 820 billion people in total. On average every galaxy within the Ganwu universe had less than 1,000,000 people. One had to know that every galaxy had at least a few tens of thousands of star level 9s, much less level 1 to level 9 added together.

This means to say that those that dared to sign up all had confidence.

Over 820 billion…

Some, had lucky meetings!

Some had natural talent!

Some had good teachers!

Some had the hearts of powerful warriors!

All in all…

Whatever type and form, they all regarded themselves as strong. Including Luo Feng and his brothers, these 820 billion star levels all gathered together in the Ganwu universe country .

“The elimination will be sorted into 100 worlds.”

“I’m in world 72. Thunder god, Luo Feng, how about you two?”

“Haha, I’m in world 88. I like that number. Thirdie, what about you.”

“I’m in world number 1!”


Chapter 393: The 1st World

“1st world, what a sign!” Thunder god laughed as he looked at Luo Feng. Luo Feng surveyed the distant surroundings. With one glance all he saw were human silhouettes, all dressed in different clothing, some with heights reaching over 10m while others not even reaching 1m. Most of them were engaged in discussions. Just how many people were there on this continent?

Even without counting, they all knew, there were 820 billion!

A gathering of 820 billion people! What kind of scene was this?

“Everybody take notice. This elimination process will be separated into 100 worlds, we will begin the group teleportations shortly to each of your assigned worlds. Please use the time to prepare yourself. The moment the elimination begins, you’ll be unable to request for weapons anymore.” A clear voice resounded throughout the continent’s skies.

Luo Feng lowered and checked himself to make sure he had everything he needed.

Dressed in a dark grey level 2 genetic armor, wearing a helmet and boots, with one storage ring on his finger. Things like his shield, genetic energy battle knife, soaring shuttle, Nan Shen Armament, these were all stored within the storage ring. The weapons simulated by the virtual universe were exactly the same as the ones used in real life.

“We will begin the teleportation, counting down, 60…59…58…” The clear voice resounded throughout the continent.

Amidst the sea of people, Luo Feng and his brothers exchanged glances.

“Good luck.” Luo Feng smiled.

“We’ll pass the elimination together.” Thunder god smiled.

“All the best.” Hong too smiled.

“10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1! Teleport!” That clear voice used universe language, resounding throughout the entire continent’s 820 billion people’s ears. In an instant, everyone there vanished.

Simultaneously.

Within the virtual universe, 100 independent worlds opened up and 8.2 billion fighters appeared on each.

The humans of the universe’s…Genius battle, the elimination round for all the universe countries began simultaneously!

As a gathering of all the human race, from those way above in the upper echelons, the undying, down to those normal citizens able to enter the virtual universe, all were watching this event. Of course, the warriors and citizens were mostly concerned about their own universe country’s stage.

The 1st world.

During the teleportation, Luo Feng felt his vision blur. Everything grew muddy and after about 3 seconds, it became clear once again.

He found himself standing within a regular living room. Besides this room, there was also the bedroom and bathroom.

“This is the 1st world? What a shocking gravitational force.” Standing in the living room, the strong gravitational force made him somewhat uneasy. He looked down to see his quantum computer on his wrist, the screen automatically received and opened the virtual universe’s organizer’s mail with information.

The screen was filled with words.

“Participant: Luo Feng (Black Dragon mountain empire)

Points: 0

Kills: 0

World: World No. 1

Time: The elimination stage will carry on for 30 days. When the time ends, the stage will end and the victor will be decided by the points accumulated.

Details of the stage: 1st world, this world is simulated according to the Ganwu universe’s Bei Luo planet. Similar to its appearance, there’s a total of 91 cities on this continent along with wilderness and much more. The total surface area is over 10.3 million square km. The houses and many other constructs and materials in this world are B9 grade.

Rules for point system: Killing one participant equates to one point, also acquiring half of their accumulated points! Hence, killing the strong ones equates to more points.

Ranking system rules: The dead will maintain their position according to their points. If their points are sufficient, even after dying and losing half their points, they still might be able to make it in the top 1001. So please make full use of your time.

Urgent reminder, everyone only has one life. Death will result in the end of your attempt and you’ll lose half your points.

Please see the detailed rules for the ranking system below.”

Luo Feng stood in the living room. He finished reading the information that virtual universe company had sent over. Taking a deep cold breath, “A total of 10.3 million square km? China’s continent only has about 9.6 million square km. 8.2 billion gathered in such a place, the density is too high.”

Luo Feng was analyzing the gravity.

This world’s gravity was even more crazy than the world within a world, it was at least 10,000 times above earth’s gravity.

“This cup.” Luo Feng picked up a tea cup from the dining table in the living room. With a bit of force, the cup began to crack and it started breaking. This made Luo Feng surprised, “What surprising durability! The information was indeed correct. The ground of the house and all the materials are all B9 grade.”

Following which Luo Feng gently put down the cup. Even under 10,000 times earth’s gravity, he moved as lightly as a cat walking on a balcony.

Through the balcony he looked outside.

Outside…

It was a luxurious posh city, with skyscrapers all about. The more shocking thing was with all the skyscrapers about, the entire city was completely silent without a sense of life at all.

“Everybody just arrived, they are probably still preparing themselves.” Luo Feng thought.

“Rumble!”

From the distance a loud explosion erupted and Luo Feng quickly turned to see. One of the huge skyscrapers top levels had it’s one level of windows violently shattered and two human silhouettes were breaking through them, fighting in mid air.

“Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!”

With one clash, suddenly it seemed like the entire city was filled with explosions all over.

Everyone had a star level 9 body. If it were on a normal planet, a star level 9 fighter could easily destroy an entire city. This was also the reason behind why the Virtual Universe company specially designed all the building materials to be of B9 grade. This way, at least the world could take a month’s worth of the battle damages from these 8.2 billion star level 9’s.

“Has it begun?” Luo Feng squinted, immediately walking back into his house.

Peng!

His door was violently kicked open, the alloy door was kicked so hard it was deformed, a tall and sturdy man stepped through. His entire body was covered in genetic energy armor, along with helmet and boots while both hands held an axe each. when he saw Luo Feng, he smiled and said, “You are the first!”

Rumble! The tall and sturdy man rushed forward. His boots violently stomping through causing the cement from the ground to split open, following which he swung with his left hand and the axe sliced right through the air straight towards Luo Feng.

“Hmph!” Luo Feng’s gaze was cold.

The soaring shuttle which was floating beside him immediately shot out a light that formed into a beautiful golden fish, completely different from the form from three years ago within the slaughterhouse. The current swordfish formation Luo Feng controlled was almost like a real fish. It seemed unthreatening, however…

Hu!

The golden fish brushed past the axe heads and immediately pierced right through the tall and sturdy man’s forehead. His eyes still seemed like he was in disbelief and shock, as his mouth slightly opened as though he wanted to say something.

Chi!

His head split open and the tall and sturdy man immediately fell on the floor. His axes too fell onto the living room floor, causing the ground to slightly shake.

“After training madly with the Nan Shen Armament for the past few days, using the soaring shuttle now gives a really special and very relaxed kind of feeling.” Luo Feng smiled. It was similar to one constantly lifting a 100kg weight and going back to lifting 10kg. It was much lighter and simpler than before.

It was this feeling that Luo Feng was experiencing.

The difficulty of the soaring shuttle wasn’t even a thousandth of the Nan Shen Armament.

“Points…”Luo Feng looked down to look at his wrist, the screen numbers had changed.

Participant: Luo Feng (Black dragon mountain)

Points: 1

Rank: 696,034,836

“The entire stage will last a month. Since there’s too many people at the beginning, the killing will be extremely intense. In contrast, towards the end the numbers will decline. Yet, those who were able to survive till the end, will definitely have high points. When that time comes, killing one person would be more effective than killing a hundred now.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, “Also, the more powerful one is, the more he’s susceptible to being surrounded and ganged up on. Being surrounded by 10,000, 100,000 to even a million same level attackers… no matter how powerful, he would die too.”

“I’ll stay low key for now and get used to the strength.”

When Luo Feng sneakily left the house, he followed the staircase swiftly down. One level after another, he scanned the area and met nine opponents along the way.They were not bad though. There was even a spirit reader controlling a spirit weapon comparable to Luo Feng from three years ago.

It was a pity that the current Luo Feng was extremely powerful. His improvement speed had been incredible over the past three years.

From no domain, to already a level 5 domain. And he even stepped into the basics level of the golden law origins. This has made Luo Feng’s strength grow and increase in an unbelievable rate! Even Hong and Thunder god were far from being his match. Using the soaring shuttle to form the golden swordfish infused with a thread of the golden principles produced a shocking power. Destroying these opponents was indeed simple now.

Afterall…

Even Babata thought that Luo Feng could take the title of number 1 in the Black Dragon Mountain Empire.

……

“This residential building has a total of 4 units and a total of 41 opponents all fighting amongst each other.” Luo Feng was on the 12th floor of the building in a regular tea room, sitting crossed legged. A golden orb constantly revolving around him. Yes, this gold orb was indeed the Nan Shen Armament’s first form.

The two consecutive months after signing up for the competition, Luo Feng had totally invested himself in training. Forgetting to even eat, he finally managed to squeeze out some headway with the first form.

“This form, I’m still not used to it I can barely unleash it, I cannot even unleash its true strength.”

“Compared to that, I’ve already trained until i’m completely in control of the soaring shuttle’s swordfish formation, and am able to use its true power.”

“Right now…”

“I have to focus and train on the first form until i get used to it to the point that it becomes second nature to use.” Luo Feng thought. This blurry golden orb infused with power and strength that was able to make hearts palpitate constantly revolved around Luo Feng. Although, at this time the revolution was still more rigid.

The elimination process had already started within this 1st world.

Luo Feng took control of that residential building, and continued honing his skill which was to be used as his trump card. The elimination was still at the beginning stage, it wasn’t time to get out and start the massacre yet.


Chapter 394: Making his Move

First world, all participants could at most fly to a height of about 9,000m above ground level. Any higher and they would meet with an invisible barrier.

Above that barrier.

There was a universe ship flying slowly. In one of its single rooms, Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan, Xu Xin and their 2 children, along with Xu Xin’s older brother Xu Gang and his family were present.

“They are actually not broadcasting this battle?” Xu Gang exclaimed. “If one wanted to watch the elimination battle, they would have to sit in an universe ship and come here to watch, and the cost is so high!”

“Big brother, it’s normal that they don’t broadcast this.” Xu Xin laughed, “8.2 billion people are battling it out, how would they possibly broadcast every battle?”

Through the external image simulator.

Xu Xin and the others lowered their heads to look. There was massive bloodshed happening in the cities on the continent below. They could even enlarge their view to clearly watch the battle and be able to see each participant’s appearance. Of course, if the participant hides in a building, they wouldn’t be able to see him.

“Mommy, Daddy… daddy’s rank is constantly dropping.” Little Hai bit on his lip. He was holding a screen in his hand and on it were 3 rank charts. These were precisely the charts from the 1st world, the 72nd world and 88th world. He had locked onto these three worlds of which Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god were on.

Luo Feng’s rank dropped constantly.

“Uncle’s rank is dropping too. However second uncle’s rank is rising.” Little Hai said, “Second uncle’s rank is rising like crazy, rushing into the top 100,000 already. Daddy and Big uncle are in the bottom 10 million and dropping.”

“What do you know? This is called conserving energy.” Little Ping said.

Little Hai stared at him: “Of the 8.2 billion below, who is daddy’s match, is there any need to conserve energy?”

“Haha…”

Beside them, their grandfather and grandmother too laughed.

“They are talking big nowadays.” Xu Gang laughed too, “Come little Hai, sit on uncle’s lap.”

“No.” Little Hai lowered his head, turning to stare back at his screen in his hand.

Luo Feng and Hong indeed were indeed at the bottom, since their ranking was quite low and not noticeable at all.

……

All 100 of the worlds had began its battles at the same time. As there were no broadcast of the battles, the entire Ganwu universe country’s upper echelons, citizens, many more had to actually spent money on a universe ship to float above these 100 worlds to watch the battles.

……

In the air above the 61st world, a beautiful universe ship was located. Within it were a group of young men and women holding wine glasses and eating delicious food while watching the battles through the external virtual simulator.

“Haha, the top ranker is from our universe country star field.” At three meters tall, a towering sturdy man dressed in a luxurious long robe holding a wine glass laughed carefreely. “Oh, hehe. Luo Tu Er, your Pengyu empire’s results are not bad, there’s some in the top 100.”

“Thank you your majesty for the compliment.” A man with a pigtail, with a peculiar gem embedded in his forehead laughed.

“The Pengyu empire has always been one of the empires under the Ganwu universe country’s that has produced many strong warriors. Right, Luo Tu Er, I heard some news from your side, saying they are going to make you the emperor’s first successor?

“I heard that too. Luo Tu Er, once you become the emperor of the Pengyu empire, don’t forget about us.”

“Luo Tu Er….”

This youth smiled, shaking his head, saying “Those are just rumors and nothing has been confirmed yet. No matter what, I can never compare to your majesty! Your majesty is the only son of the heavens. You’ll definitely take over the position of the emperor in the future. The heaven’s territory, is ten times larger than my empire.”

That three meter tall and sturdy man couldn’t help but laugh when he heard this.

Ganwu universe country, its territory was vast. The highest person in position was undoubtedly the country leader. Under him were many other strong warriors! Such a high position in the Ganwu universe country can mostly only be attained by undying beings. And these title holders, their territories were no lesser than those middle level civilizations. Some are even bigger!

“Brolin, why haven’t I seen your Black Dragon Mountain empire?” That majesty looked at the not too far away Brolin.

“Yes, Brolin.”

“The last time the Black Dragon mountain participated, it didn’t seem to have anyone who even made it into the top 10,000.”

“Hm, the Black Dragon Mountain empire’s recent performances seem to be pretty bad.”

This group was made up of either royal princes and princesses from the empires, or underlings under the internal Ganwu universe country itself, or even young princes from a few large families. They had their own faction even within the virtual universe. Brolin, as the Black Dragon mountain’s most powerful prince, naturally was part of it.

“Right now many warriors aren’t rushing at all to make their move, maybe after some time the Black Dragon Mountain warriors may appear. Am I right Brolin?” That Luo Tu Er laughed as he looked over.

Brolin forced a smile, “It’s still too early, it’s hard to say.”

However, Brolin was feeling extremely uneasy.

In the universe, the pride of a territory was directly related to how strong an empire usually was.

Just like the Black Dragon Mountain empire, if an absolute warrior appeared, the entire empire would immediately feel much more pride. The other empires and countries would naturally look at them with more respect.

……

Watching the battle from within a universe ship’s single room was Nuolan Shan. He was only one person present in that room..

“Head ancestor, only 83 of the disciples taking part are still alive, the rest have been killed. The number of people at the beginning were too many. Hence, the killings were so intense that they couldn’t even escape. Right now, among the 83 of them, the highest ranking one is ranked 1.3 million.” Looking at the news from the screen, Nuolan Shan’s expression grew ugly.

“Bunch of useless things.”

Nuolan Shan shook his head, “However it’s still early, let’s keep watching. Hopefully I will get a good surprise.”

First world, still within that residential building.

In a normal room, Luo Feng sat crossed legged quietly. His gaze was fixed on the golden orb before him. Those blurry and peculiar 9 golden blades were infused with large amounts of golden energy with threads going through all of them had formed the orb and it was revolving in an orbit that resembled the number 8 in front of Luo Feng. It’s speed extremely fast.

“Gather!” Luo Feng’s thoughts moved.

The golden orb immediately separated and became a golden light as it flew back towards the dark golden rod by his leg.

Luo Feng felt exhausted. The amount of energy consumed while controlling the Nan Shen Armament was too high compared to the soaring shuttle. However, its strength was indeed shocking! Luo Feng sat crossed legged patiently for about an hour, recovering his spirit energy.

“It’s been ten days.”

“This first world’s elimination has already been going on for ten days. During these ten days I’ve been in this building, even when people entered, I’ve been too lazy to make a move, unless they came too close.” Lou Feng lowered his head and looked at his screen on his wrist. It clearly displayed his points.

Participant: Luo Feng

Points: 92

Rank: 68,942,048

“There’s over 60 million people with higher scores than me?” Luo Feng smiled, “Ten days, a third of the stage is over. The mad killing period has already passed and I assume that the survivors now must all be powerful.”

“These ten days, I’ve already honed my basics. Also, my spirit energy has already formed the void pagoda within my consciousness.” The void pagoda was a special technique. However, this was not something of the Yun Mo Planet master’s creation. Back then when the master lost his life, he hadn’t even trained to the highest level of such a skill.

Within the virtual universe, it was possible to unleash such a skill.

After training for about 9 days worth of time, Luo Feng finally managed to form the void pagoda within his consciousness. However it was just at level one. Nevertheless, it caused his soul’s defense to increase greatly. Along with his shockingly amplified strength…which was of a universe level 6 golden horned beast, not many people from the same level could even match up to him.

“Right now!”

“It’s time to make my move!”

“Let the massacre begin!”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with a peculiar color. He gently stood up and walked out of his own house, very quickly leaving the residential building.

The area in which the building was located was initially a beautiful place. However, the ground was already filled with shards of broken glass, dried up blood and bodies. To make the battles more realistic, the virtual universe made it so that the bodies remained after death.

Walking on a patch of grass in the area.

Luo Feng released his spiritual energy. As the gravitational pull was too strong, the most he could expand it to was 800m. However, just this 800m allowed him to scan about half of the area. The scan however immediately caused six human silhouettes to pop out from the surrounding buildings.

“My friend, to be able to survive these ten days, you must be no fool. To actually dare to release the spiritual energy to scan the area, you must be very confident.” The six silhouettes separated. One sun tanned skinny youth smiled coldly as he held in his hand a blood red arc knife.

“Six people.”

Luo Feng gazed at the six before him.

To be able to survive till now, these six people’s points must definitely all be higher than his.

“Move!” Of the six, it was unclear whether it was a man or woman’s voice, but the one dressed in black genetic armor ordered. Simultaneously, a formless spirit attack pierced towards Luo Feng’s consciousness. To be able to survive in the first world till now, these were all considered geniuses to a certain extent. One of them was already considered to be among the top three geniuses of a certain galaxy.

Luo Feng swept with his spirit energy as a form of provocation.

When one person ordered them to move, the other five naturally took action.

“Rumble! Rumble!”

Two youths with almost the same appearance simultaneously attacked with thunder infused blades.

“Xiu! Xiu!”

A silver flash and a golden flash shot from the distance.

“Chi.”

The earlier spirit attack from the black genetic armor youth hit Luo Feng’s soul. Yet, within his consciousness, that tall void pagoda only gently shook, easily blocking the attack. Luo Feng stood on his soaring shuttle as his body was surrounded by a gold energy. His movement was but a blur as he easily dodged the enemy attacks.

“Domain!”

“On top of that, his domain is extremely strong.” The six people’s expression changed.

With the help of a level 5 domain, along with the soaring shuttle whose original property was that of the gold origin laws, Luo Feng was able to step through the gateway of the origin laws. Using the soaring shuttle, his speed had reached an unbelievable proportion. Hence, dodging these attacks was quite simple.

“Die!” Luo Feng’s thoughts moved.

Xiu!

A golden fish rushed out from the soaring shuttle with shocking speed. It was covered in a peculiar golden energy or origin laws. This fish sailed in an arc and immediately brushed past the six of them. With a low roar, the weapons clashed directly with the golden fish as the clang of metal was heard.

“One actually survived.” Luo Feng looked at that sun tanned skinny youth. The other five had already fallen dead.

The skinny youth held onto his blood red arc knife while staring at Luo Feng and biting down on his lip.

At the same time the numbers on his wrist screen jumped.

Participant: Luo Feng (Black dragon mountain)

Points: 8162

Rank: 122,912


Chapter 395: ‘Madman’ Luo Feng

There were five corpses on the patch of grass. Luo Feng’s strength made that skinny youth feel fear within. He stared hard at Luo Feng and thought “Too strong. Origin laws…right, origin laws. He’s already touched on the concept of the universe laws. What do I do, what do I do. The amount of points I have now are insufficient to make it to the top 1,001 of the first world. If I die, it’s definitely over.”

“He’s a spirit reader and also has a flying type spirit weapon. His flying speed is much faster than my current running speed. Even if I try and escape, I won’t be able to.” Many thoughts quickly flashed through this tanned skinny youth’s mind.

“Friend!”

The skinny youth shouted, “I’ve made a mistake. You are actually a warrior who’s stepped through the gateway of the origin laws. I might have some information here for you. As long as you spare me, I’ll tell you.”

“Information?” Luo Feng stood on the soaring shuttle, staring at the skinny youth.

“Right. Information. The entire first world has a total of 91 cities. Every city has close to 1 hundred million participants.” The skinny youth looked at Luo Feng, “Within these ten days, we were able to determine that every city has a few renowned absolute warriors. Anyone meeting any of these absolute warriors, should completely avoid them.”

“I’ll give you the names and information about these warriors in this city, if you can spare me.” The skinny youth stared hard at Luo Feng, not daring to relax.

“Absolute warriors?” Luo Feng smiled slightly.

“Right, if you meet an iron wall, it’ll be too late to regret.” The skinny youth said.

“Haha…”

Luo Feng smiled and looked at the skinny youth, “Not just this city, even within the first world, there isn’t a single person capable of making me feel fear!”

The skinny youth’s expression changed.

Rumble!

The skinny youth stomped on the patch of grass and flew, becoming a black silhouette rushing straight towards Luo Feng. The blurry blood red wave that surrounded the skinny youth started to wrap itself around the arc knife in his hand and it sliced at Luo Feng at shocking speed!

Fast! Sly! Brutal!

Luo Feng stepped on the soaring shuttle and became a golden beam of light, dodging the attack by a large distance.

“Xiu!” The golden fish happily flew around Luo Feng’s side. It then started flying towards that skinny youth and in an instant it had reached right beside that youth.

“Dang!”

The skinny youth’s body form was that of a monster. His blood red knife once again blocked the golden swordfish.

“I hate these types of spirit readers the most.” The skinny youth was filled with rage and hatred. “Stepping on a spirit weapon and making others unable to catch them Also attacking and controlling a spirit weapon from the distance. Bastard!” He was completely immersed within his domain and controlling it. He was trying his best to use all his strength and deflect that seemingly harmless golden fish over and over.

Luo Feng stood on his soaring shuttle: “His strength is not bad, seems like a level 4 domain.”

“Break!”

Luo Feng’s expression got serious. He started pouring his extremely powerful amplifier into the golden swordfish. With his full control, the thread of origin law fused perfectly with the golden swordfish, its flexibility and speed immediately rose by leaps and bounds! Totally controlling it compared to casually controlling made a big difference in its power.

“Chi!”

A golden light brushed past that skinny youth’s knife, immediately piercing through his forehead, leaving a deep hole in his head, his eyes rolled, seemingly unsatisfied.

As it pierced through, that skinny youth’s corpse fell on the patch of grass patch. Luo Feng walked over and looked down at him, saying softly, “You are quite strong. In terms of your domain, you’ve even caught up with my second brother. As for your movements though, just a little weaker than my second brother, everything else is almost there. However…it’s a pity that you met me, hence you are dead.”

Those who were strong, always had absolute confidence in themselves. Luo Feng had relied only on his amplifier and origin laws to kill his opponent. During the attack he didn’t even unleash his domain.

The current Luo Feng was extremely powerful.

Babata had already determined that Luo Feng would work hard and break through into the Ganwu universe country’s top 1000. Anyone with the power to hit the top 1000 amongst the trillion geniuses in any universe country definitely had the potential to be in the top 10 of his own world! Usually when the power differences was small, even if the opponent was stronger by a little, he could still battle it out.

Luo Feng said that in the entire 1st world, there wasn’t anyone he was afraid of. That was completely due to his self confidence.

“Hm, that’s quite a lot of points.” Luo Feng lowered his head and looked.

Participant: Luo Feng (Black dragon mountain empire)

Points: 15,921

Rank: 62,912

“This way of killing is so much better.” Luo Feng’s eyes had a glint of excitement, “When it first began, killing one person only earned 1 point. But now, killing just one now is able to gain me thousands of points. This is definitely more thrilling!”

“The Ganwu universe country must have a trillion strong geniuses”

“Then let’s go kill them!”

“I hope there is at least one person who will be able to force me to use my domain.” Luo Feng thought. Even though the six that he faced before were considered strong, with one even close to Thunder god in power, these people didn’t push him to use his full power at all. Ever since he stepped through the gateway of the origin laws, his power had indeed increased by a lot..

Luo Feng carried on his back a battle knife and shield, as he walked through the silent city. Along the way, he saw corpses frequently. Scanning with his spirit energy, he picked out the survivors and started engaging in a massacre.

Fresh blood flew everywhere!

Head’s flew!

His rank, too, jumped constantly!

……

In the air above the 1st world, above the barrier.

Within a single room of a universe ship, Luo Feng’s family were in there.

“Mommy, daddy’s rank has gone up suddenly, in an instant it suddenly rose to the top 120,000. Look!” Little Hai excitedly brought the screen before Xu Xin. Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan who were sitting in the sofa were shocked as well as they opened their own screens, “Wow, it rose so quickly!”

“That’s what I said, Uncle and Daddy were conserving their energy.” Little Ping said, ” Big uncle just started to unleash his powers yesterday, and now he’s already made it to the top 10,000. Daddy won’t disappoint either.”

“Look, your daddy’s risen again, to the top 60,000.” Luo Hong Guo couldn’t help but be shocked.

“What! within the time span of a few words that we spoke, he went from 120,000 to 60,000?” Xu Gang said shocked.

“Look, it’s still rising.”

“Daddy’s rank is constantly rising, already reaching 40,000. Wow! 30,000, he’s already in the top 30,000.” Little Hai was extremely excited. within the entire room, everyone held their breaths.

It was madness.

The points skyrocketed, rising almost every second.

What did this mean?

It meant that Luo Feng was killing people every minute! It was simply a massacre!

The twelfth day of the elimination, 1st world.

The violent winds howled, the smell of blood permeated the air.

In a street that was filled with marks of battle, Luo Feng walked slowly carrying a knife and shield on his back, the entire street was empty.

“Madman, he is a madman.”

“That’s him? I heard within two short days, he killed over a hundred warriors in the east district?”

“Right, that’s him.”

“He doesn’t reason with anyone at all and kills anyone he meets. Simply, he just kills, kills. and kills! And he’s incredibly strong too.” In the distant skyscraper, two partners were peering through a glass window at Luo Feng, who walking down the alley.

……

This city is extremely huge, much bigger than any of earth’s cities. After all, it was filled with one hundred million participants. Luo feng had been massacring these past two days in the east district of the city, killing a few hundred of them. Also these few hundred weren’t like the initial group of people who just arrived. These were all strong warriors who had survived through that bloodbath.

They were all true geniuses! All of them had the ability to be first in their galaxy.

It was a pity…

Luo Feng had the ability to be the Black Dragon Mountain star field’s number one! Also he had the potential to breakthrough to the universe country’s top 1001 ultimate warriors. Naturally it wasn’t a battle at all!

Luo Feng stood in that alley which was filled with the stench of blood. Looking ahead at a shopping center, with a spirit energy scan he clearly discovered three people within. He patiently stood there for a few seconds. Usually, with a spirit energy scan, the opponents would instinctively feel it too and they would automatically come out. However these three didn’t.

Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, shouting coldly, “Come out!”

His voice boomed, resounding through the alley.

“Madman! We don’t want to fight you, so don’t be unreasonable.” A universe language shout returned.

“Madman.” Another low voice came out, “Just reaching the top 1,001 of the first world means passing the elimination. You should already easily be able to reach that. You don’t have to bully others so much.”

Luo Feng creased his eyebrows. Many surviving geniuses, especially those with similar strengths and power levels would temporarily form alliances.

“All of you better come out. Otherwise, I’m comin in.” Luo Feng remained cold and shouted.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Three human silhouettes rushed out from the window of the shopping center and floated in mid air. One of them had a huge body structure with brown yellow skin, and the other two were similar in size to Luo Feng, a man and a lady. These three all looked at the black haired youth with a knife and shield on his back as they felt immense fear and rage.

The name Madman, had spread across the city in a short time.

Madman, an absolute warrior who was simply insane. Hundreds had died by his hand and no one was even a match for him. One had to know that these were all geniuses. However there was still a stark difference between each level of genius.

“Madman, I was sent here from the imperial family of the Ganwu universe country to participate, you…” That tall man said seriously.

“Die.” Luo Feng said coldly, stepping on the soaring shuttle.

“Go!”

The three people’s expressions changed as they immediately turned and fled Cursing inwardly “This madman, even though I’m from the Ganwu universe country’s imperial family, he doesn’t show any respect or give face at all.” Even though there were over eight trillion participants, they were made of the different countries, starfields, organizations or even independent.

As for the imperial family of the Ganwu universe country, they sent a total of over a hundred million.

However, according to the instructions from the leader of the country, these one hundred million had strive to take over a half of the top 100,000!

“Chi!” The golden swordfish pierced through that tall and built man’s forehead. That man had long lost any courage to face him, with a blank look in his face, he was killed immediately.

The black clothed lady gritted her teeth, “The devil will definitely kill you.”

“Chi.”

Luo Feng coldly killed her.

With the soaring shuttle’s speed, Luo Feng immediately killed two of them. The third had fled in a different direction, after killing those two, he already couldn’t catch up with the third.

“Devil? Hmph, hopefully he allows me to use my domain.” Luo Feng lowered his head to look at the screen on his wrist.

Participant: Luo Feng (Black Dragon Mountain empire)

Points: 863,829

Rank: 1,012

“The higher up I go, the slower I jump in rank. However it’s still fast, I’ve almost reached the top 1,000.” Luo Fen thought.

……

Within that beautiful universe ship, the heirs, princes and princesses from the various Ganwu universe country star fields were all laughing and discussing.

“Quickly look. Look, Brolin, your Ganwu universe country has one who has made it into the top 1,001 already.” One of the royal princes shouted loudly.

“Hm?”

Brolin’s eyes gleamed and he looked over.

On the large screen, there were names from all the countries. In the Ganwu universe country pre-selection namelist, (Temporarily) : 1, it was 0 before, right now it had become 1.

“Hurry and open.” Brolin said.

Di.

A small screen appeared beside the large one and information appeared: “1st world, rank 997: Luo Feng (Black Dragon Mountain)”

“Haha, this Luo Feng is a genius nurtured specially by our Black Dragon Mountain empire.” Brolin said loudly. Suddenly he felt a lump in his throat, “Luo Feng, this name…right, that brat in the world within a world was also called Luo Feng. Don’t tell me…no, it definitely can’t be. There are many similar names within the universe.”

“Luo Feng?”

“Haha, Brolin, your Black Dragon Mountain is not bad. It’s finally not at the bottom.”

Right now, of the close to 1,000 mid level universe countries, there were still over 200 of these that have 0 that had made it through the 1st round!

At the same time, many god countries and countless organizations have been paying attention to this genius battle, taking down Luo Feng’s name. However…the most passionate and excited were the citizens of the Black Dragon Mountain empire, and some upper echelon people.

“Haha, there’s one who has made it into the top 1,001. Quickly look, just who is this Luo Feng.”

“From our Black Dragon Mountain, there’s someone who’s made it into the top 1,001.”

“Luo Feng? Never heard of that name.”

“Quickly, check where’s he from?”


Chapter 396: Madman and Devil

Above the barrier in the 82nd world, in a universe ship, there was a particular luxurious universe ship. In a single room, there was a Dream clan young lady with a steaming hot figure kneeling by the side, massaging a fat and chubby youth.

“Young master, quickly come look. There is someone from our Black Dragon Mountain empire who’s made it into the top 1,001.” The dream clan young lady shouted.

“Hm?”

The fat youth lay there, casually tapping to open a side screen. On it displayed was the ranking. As he looked, he immediately stared wide eyed: “Damn, there really is one. Wow…and this warrior is actually called Luo Feng! His name is similar to the friend I made on Horned Dragon star.”

The chubby youth was the Gao Sheng, whom Luo Feng had met back then on Horned Dragon star.

“Interesting, interesting, I have to tell Luo Feng.” Gao Sheng quickly sent out a call request, after awhile, he creased his eyebrows, “Hm, still not answering?”

1 minute, 2 minutes…

“That’s weird, he’s not answering my call.” Gao Sheng was suspicious.

“Master, maybe the one who’s made it into the top 1,001 is young master Luo Feng?” The dream clan young lady smiled and said, Gao Sheng simply waved his hand: “What do you know. Those able to get into the top 1,001 are absolute geniuses among the geniuses. Considering the Black Dragon Mountain star field is so vast and huge with countless star levels, similar names are very common.”

……

In a particular single room.

Nuolan Shan’s cold eyes stared at the screen, on it displayed was Luo Feng’s name.

“Luo Feng?” Nuolan Shan creased his eyebrows, “This name…”

The elimination stage wasn’t broadcasted, and the universe was simply too vast. With countless numbers of citizens, it was common to see people with similar names.

“I hope, really hope that this is not the Luo Feng that I know.” Nuolan Shan creased his eyebrows, staring hard and suspiciously at the name on the screen that gave him constant headaches.

……

Within a luxurious and spacious living room of a universe ship, sitting within it were a few thousand people. These were the true governing upper echelon of the Black Dragon Mountain empire. ‘universe humans…genius battle’ was directed towards all of humanity within the universe, to all the universe countries. These sorts of gatherings that affected the entire universe country’s honor, naturally the emperor would be watching it too.

“Congratulations. your majesty.”

“Your majesty, great news.”

The entire spacious living room immediately erupted, all the huge figures in the Black Dragon Mountain empire immediately cheered. To be able to enter such a gathering, other than the empire’s personal ministers, sector lords, domain lords, or even the emperors of the over 500 basic level universe countries, their positions far exceeded that of Nuolan Shan.

“Haha…” Dressed in a dark black imperial robe, the emperor let out a carefree laugh The laughter was so thick it reverberated within that big living room.

At the foremost of the living room was a huge screen. On it displayed was the ranking and the name of the warrior of the Black Dragon Mountain empire that made it into the top 1,001 (temporarily): 1, Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng, very good.”

The empire let out a huge laugh, roaring, “Our Black Dragon Mountain empire isn’t at the bottom this time. This Luo Feng’s contributions won’t be for naught, he must be rewarded!”

“Right, he must be rewarded.”

“This Luo Feng has made huge contributions.”

“Your majesty is wise.”

The group of officials were all busy flattering the emperor. Their complements were just like a tide. These basic level civilization empire emperors were all incomparably passionate.

“Your majesty, right now it’s still far from the end of the 1st stage. We’ll know the final result when it ends.” Beside the emperor, a bald old man who seem refined said softly. Behind his ears, there seem to be another 4 small ears. To actually say such words when the emperor was happy, this old man’s position must be extremely high, he was one of the sector lords attending the gathering.

“Right.”

The emperor slightly nodded, “However even if Luo Feng falls towards the back, he’s still made huge contributions.”

Luo Feng didn’t know that at the time he made it into the top 1,001, he had perked the interest of many, especially the citizens of the Black Dragon Mountain empire, who felt extremely proud and excited.

It was similar to watching any world level competition on earth. When one’s own country’s player were chosen, they were incomparably proud and excited. All of them were anticipating their country to emerge as the winner. And the genius battle was one of the two biggest gatherings for the entire human race of the universe. The influence amongst the masses was even more shocking.

At this time, the trillions of citizens in the Black Dragon Mountain empire were all cheering for and anticipating Luo Feng’s victory, supporting him.

……

1st world, in a particularly posh city, in a residential building’s living room.

Oblivious to the fact that he had attracted the attention of countless eyes from the Black Dragon Mountain empire, Luo Feng sat crossed legged in the living room recuperating. Up till now, the elimination stage had been going on for 18 days. And these 8 days, especially within the east district, Luo Feng, the madman’s reputation had already caused fear amongst the geniuses.

Madman!

In the city that Luo Feng stayed within, it was a name that ranked among the top 10!

Of course every time he massacred he was cautious and prudent. As time dragged on, Luo Feng too naturally felt mentally fatigued, having to recover for a period of time. No matter what opponent he faced, he would make sure he maintained his best form and peak performance, almost like a lion hunting a rabbit, using his full strength!

“As the stage draws on, it gets harder and harder to rise up the ranks.” Luo Feng opened his eyes, his gaze reserved, looking down at the screen on his wrist.

Participant: Luo Feng (Black dragon mountain empire)

Points: 3,129,302

Rank: 398

To be able to rank amongst the first few and to ensure they maintain within the top 1,000, many would kill madly, gaining as many points as possible. Especially when absolute geniuses faced off against each other. One match alone could give millions of points This resulted in the situation of the higher up the ranks they went, the more crazy the points they acquired!

With Luo Feng’s rise from the top 10 million to the 997, he had increased by about 900,000 points.

From 997 to 398, he had an increase of over 2 million.

“It’s time to hunt.” Luo Feng’s gaze gleamed. Standing directly up, at the same time his spirit energy spreading out almost like a torrential storm, scanning the entire 800m area around him.

“Hm? Three prey.”

Sou!

Luo Feng flew as quickly as lightning from the balcony, almost like a flash forming a beam of light through the residential area. Behind him, the golden fish jumped about excitedly, seemingly extremely happy and carefree before it began heading towards his prey to give them a passionate ‘kiss.’

“It’s Madman.”

“Run”

With a shocked howl, two of the warriors were immediately killed by Luo Feng. The only youth that managed to get away was chased for a few kilometers before being killed as well.

……

At night, this city had night and day.

The winds howled.

Luo Feng carried on his back a battle knife and shield, quietly walking in the streets which were filled with dried blood and occasional cracks and splits in the ground. Other than the remains of corpses all around, the only living thing was Luo Feng.

Chi! His boots stepped on rotting meat.

He carried on walking, suddenly his ears twitched. He could hear from the distance a very small sound, causing his eyes to reveal glee, “To dare to come out in the night, normally these are the stronger ones among the strong! By killing these warriors, the efficiency is much higher!”

Sou!

Luo Feng became a blurred silhouette and swiftly headed towards the noise, in an instant he came to an intersection of roads.

“Hm?” Luo Feng turned to look, even though it was night, the vision of a star level 9 warrior was extremely powerful, he could still see thousands of meters ahead, if it were day without any obstacles in the way obstructing, one could easily see hundreds of km around.

“That’s…”

In the distant alley, there was a battle going on, accurately speaking it was a slaughter!

“Peng!” A spirit reader couldn’t dodge in time. Getting knocked on the head by a black hammer, his head immediately splitting open and he lost his life.

“Haha…” a shrill laughter that made people tremble. Hand wielding a hammer, this skinny man was three meters tall. He had strong looking legs and four thick and strong arms which held a hammer each, and he only had a single eye on his face.

And this single eye was vertical.

Looking at this person’s appearance made Luo Feng’s heart jump from the distance: “Darkness clan, he is devil!” As one of the top warriors of the city, during the period of this massacre, Luo Feng naturally began to gain an understanding of the more reputable warriors of this city.

As no one knew each other’s names, they all used the nicknames they had gathered.

“Madman”, was a new name that had appeared suddenly. An incredibly crazy person who killed anyone he saw. Most slaughters and fights were on a choice basis, slaughtering others normally gave one an unbearable feeling. This madman however seemed to enjoy slaughtering others. In terms of strength, he was regarded as the city’s top 10.

“Devil, a powerful warrior that rose from the beginning and could be said to dominate the city’s east district. He was once regarded as the east district’s number one.

However since Madman’s rise to fame, his first place position came into skepticism, mainly because Madman was also from the east district.

“Interesting.” Luo Feng’s eyes had a sense of excitement. He immediately walked towards devil.

The Darkness clan man who was three meter tall and was holding on to his black hammers, after killing one opponent, immediately began chasing after his other opponent. His footsteps were peculiar, every step he took it seemed as though he immediately closed a large distance, it was extremely fast. And his final opponent was a youth with beautiful crystal like skin. He looked fearful and swiftly tried to flee, “How did I meet Devil, this demon, it’s too late, it’s too late.”

Suddenly…

“Hm?” The Darkness clan warrior devil wielding his hammers suddenly stopped, his single eye staring ahead.

Darkness enshrouded the alley ahead.

A man walked quietly. Compared to the three meter tall skinny but fit darkness clan devil, he was obviously much smaller. His entire height was only 1.8m, dressed in dark grey armor, carrying a battle knife and shield. One step at a time…it however made the Darkness clan warrior Devil give up on his final chase.

“Hm?” That handsome youth flew in mid air, still in shock.

In the alley.

The devil’s single eye was staring at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng too was staring at this opponent before him. His eyes were gleaming with a sense of excitement.

“Madman?” The devil’s voice was cold.

“Devil?” Luo Feng actually revealed an excited smile.


Chapter 397: Bloody battle in the streets

Two warriors strong enough to be ranked among the top ten in the entire city. Two warriors who were the strongest within the east district, met within that dark alley. Usually, the peak warriors would pick their battles according to the points, and only when they have enough points would they go and engage with other peak fighters in life or death battles.

As they have enough points, even if they died, losing half their points, they would still remain within the top 1,001.

“Shall we fight now?” Devil stared at Luo Feng.

“Right.” Luo Feng nodded, “Right now!”

“Haha, then let me have a glimpse of the terrifying Madman that has scared so many geniuses.” Devil’s singular vertical eye gleamed with madness.

Luo Feng floated up half a meter as the soaring shuttle automatically appeared below him.

The two faced off within that alley.

“Rumble!” Devil stomped hard on the ground with his right foot, causing the concrete to split open and his entire body rushed towards Luo Feng in an instant. His four arms were wielding the black hammers which had pointy edges, as they sliced towards Luo Feng in a flash.

Luo Feng’s body drifted backwards, simultaneously a gold light shot out from the soaring shuttle below his feet, forming a golden fish.

“Go!” Luo Feng’s gaze focused.

The golden fish happily swam towards Devil, causing his eye to have a hint of shock, “This madman controls a spirit weapon, and he’s actually reached such a perfect level of control over it. Obviously he has perfectly fused the knife blades together, but he actually produced such a life like fish, without any killing intent at all.”

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

They clashed, and the four arms danced, causing the hammers to inter cross between each other, forming an almost perfect defense, blocking the golden fish time and again.

“Haha, this madman only has this amount of power.”

Devil let out a loud laugh.

Rumble…A thick black aura began to revolve about Devil’s surroundings. In an instant, it caused a hundred meter area to be engulfed in a black energy domain. Luo Feng could feel that black energy was extremely thick and heavy, filled with killing intent. Under that energy’s cover, Devil’s four hammer wielding arms seemed to be boosted as their speeds increased and every slice was even faster and heavier!

Black hammer dance! The golden fish continuously dodged and tried to find ways to penetrate the black hammer defense.

“Ka!” the golden fish dodged and a black hammer smashed into the alley street light beside them. That thick and strong street light was actually hit so hard that it bent right at the point of collision.

“Rumble!”

A hammer smashed into the alley, causing the concrete to split into a crevice. The smashed rubble dispersed like a gun shooting in all directions.

Hammers danced all about! As quick as lightning and as heavy as mountains!

“Dang!”

Finally the golden fish was hit by an hammer and knocked backwards, the golden threads on the surface of the fish tremored, as though they were about to crumble.

“Haha, madman, that’s all you’ve got? Don’t think that by stepping on that spirit weapon I won’t be able to catch up with you.” A peculiar round disc appeared below Devil’s feet. His entire body began to fly swiftly towards Luo Feng. “We all have the same physical structure, my spirit reading energy won’t be any weaker than yours.”

With the power of the domain, Devil flew straight towards Luo Feng.

And Luo Feng actually revealed a smile, “Devil, indeed a devil!”

The Darkness clan was well known as one of the strong clans within the Ganwu universe country. When one of the darkness clan reaches maturity they become universe level, and as one favoured by the earth, over 90% of the clan would favor the earth type domain and origin laws.

This devil’s black domain, that heaviness caused was actually a special quality of the earth domain.

“Rumble!” Luo Feng’s body’s surroundings suddenly exploded around with a golden light. An extremely sharp and piercing golden energy flowed and engulfed the surroundings, causing the black energy to retreat.

“Hm?” Devil stopped in mid air.

“Devil, you are the first person within this city to make me unleash my domain to fight.” Luo Feng smiled.

Devil squinted his eye. The madman before him was too savage. He hadn’t even unleashed his domain until now.

“Even with a domain, you will still die!” Engulfed in a black energy, along with four arms and a single eye, the Darkness clan genius… Devil, just like an actual devil, headed straight towards Luo Feng. The four hammers in his arms immediately became a black shadow, and it almost looked like it was splitting the earth and mountains as countless amounts of rubble madly fell from all over!

With the golden light energy engulfing the surroundings, the golden fish almost seemed to be like a fish returning to water, suddenly becoming more flexible, nimble and swift.

The domain gave it more mobility.

The soaring shuttle had gold energy at its core. Being infused with the gold origin laws and with the gold domain, it was like a fish in water.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

The golden fish rushed time and again at Devil, and his mad quad hammer dance was aimed at deflecting the fish. However…this time the fish was definitely much more nimble, and its power was much greater. Not just attacking, but defending alone against this slippery fish was extremely difficult.

“Ahhhhhh!!!” Devil couldn’t help but roar out, his single eye staring straight at the golden fish.

The golden fish’s tail waved and its body arced into an S shape, piercing towards Devil.

“Dang!” Devil once again blocked it.

“Dang! Dang Dang! Dang!”

Devil fought hard to deflect the hits, as beads of sweat were oozing out from his forehead.

From the distance Luo Feng was actually shocked within: “With my strong domain, my strong amplifier and law infusion, I’ve used everything, the soaring shuttle’s power has already reached its peak. Yet I’m still unable to kill Devil.”

Devil’s power was indeed strong, the revolution of the four hammers combined with the powerful domain.

During his attacks, every slice was shockingly heavy.

His defense, it could be said to be perfect.

“If i want to kill him in an instant, I will have to use the Nan Shen Armament.” Luo Feng thought. The soaring shuttle was incapable of unleashing his full power, but the Nan Shen Armament…that was the final trump card.

“This madman is too terrifying. I’ve met over tens of thousands of spirit readers. However, among their spirit weapon control, none have been so terrifying. His golden fish attack is akin to a normal fish altogether, incomparably flexible and its orbit and movement is hard to track as well. Its power itself is hard to gauge. The moment it’s unleashed, its power is shocking.” Devil thought.

The swordfish’s control was indeed at a point where he controlled it thoroughly, perfect without any flaws, unleashing its power whenever required and concealing its power when not needed.

……

Under Luo Feng’s golden fish attacks time and again, Devil’s defense was slowly getting worn down.

Continuing this defense would mean certain defeat!

Gritting his teeth and after defending against 106 continuous attacks, one’s mental state would definitely start to slip. That golden fish immediately pierced straight and brushed past him, causing this Darkness clan genius to startle, as he retracted one of the arm’s black hammer quickly protecting himself.

“Pu chi!” The golden fish savagely cut past one arm. Infused with gold origin laws, this fish’s power was extremely strong as it immediately sliced the genetic energy armor, and flew right through it!

Pa!

One of the arms which was holding a black hammer fell to the floor.

“Ahhhh!” Devil, who lost one arm roared loudly. The other 3 arms gripping their hammers, madly rushing at Luo Feng.

“I’m a spirit reader, I won’t engage in close combat with you.”

Luo Feng stepped on the soaring shuttle and swiftly rose and dodged, controlling the golden fish to attack.

A spirit reader engaging in close combat, that is just pure stupidity.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

With one arm gone, his defense obviously had dropped a level. The Darkness clan genius devil knew he was unable to change the tides. Knowing that, he madly rushed to kill Luo Feng. However, he was stopped by the golden fish.

“Ahhh!” Devil roared.

Rumble!

Three black hammers were dancing madly, hitting the side street lights till they bent and smashing the side constructs till the walls split open, revealing rods of alloys, and pieces of glass flew everywhere.

However, when one runs rampant like that, they can only preserve that momentary explosion of energy for a short period of time.

“Chi!”

The golden fish suddenly slipped directly through the black hammers piercing through Devil’s single eye, right through his forehead!

Silence!

Luo Feng slowly landed in the alley, as his golden fish too returned into the soaring shuttle.

“Rumble!” Devil’s huge body gradually fell. The black hammers too smashed into the alley ground, causing loud clangs.

Looking at the Darkness clan genius’s corpse before him, Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief, “This Devil, is a little more powerful than even big brother.”

Judging his powers…

This devil should be a domain level 8! Along with the Darkness clan being favoured by the earth, just like how the golden horned beast was favoured by the gold origin laws. Devil’s training time ranged in the hundreds of years, along with the teachings of his ancestors, and being a genius on top of that, reaching domain level 8 isn’t strange at all.

Hence…

Even without using the Nan Shen Armament, Luo Feng had already spent all his energy.

……

In the Alley.

Standing beside the corpse of devil, Luo Feng tidied up and looked down at the screen on his wrist.

The numbers had already changed.

Participant: Luo Feng (Black Dragon Mountain empire)

Points: 6,129,030

Rank: 191

“This devil was indeed an absolute warrior of this city. He started going all out right from the beginning. After so long, his points were much more than mine.” Luo Feng thought. Killing devil alone gave him 3 million points, meaning that Devil still should have about 6 million points.

Indeed a domain level 8 genius!

“Very good.” Luo Feng revealed a smile, killing one devil was worth more than killing over a thousand geniuses before.

“Hm?” Luo Feng became startled, as he turned fiercely to look at a residential building.

On the balcony of that building was a silhouette. One dressed in green battle robes with green long hair and a handsome face, he was looking over at the alley in which Luo Feng was located.

“There was actually someone so close to me and I didn’t detect him before.” Luo Feng felt cold sweat on his back.

“Madman, indeed a madman.”

A clear crisp voice resounded. The green hair handsome youth stood on the balcony, smiling, “To actually defeat Devil, this Devil…was one that even I would have to spend quite a bit of energy to kill. Right now in this east district, you Madman, are number one. I really want to battle with you right now.”

Luo Feng squinted, remembering a person within his mind, shouting: “You are…Windmill?”

Windmill…

Known as one of the top 10 geniuses of the city unanimously. If one said that Madman was the closest to being the craziest of the lot, then Windmill would represent the entire city’s close to being invincible warriors. He enjoyed making the city his own, especially aiming the strongest among the strong. So far, whenever he made a move, he had always succeeded.

“My points are still insufficient! On the last day, I will come and find you. You’ll have to battle with me!” The handsome youth smiled, following which his entire body became a green light and immediately vanished into the darkness of the night.


Chapter 398: Ranking

“Windmill?” In the street, Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

The absolute warrior with the name Windmill was similar to himself, another spirit reader.

From what he understood with the information on hand, this Windmill’s speed, along with his ferociousness were terrifying. The moment he attacked, he hadn’t even failed once at all! He was one of the top two absolute warriors of this city. Just his silent arrival earlier on a balcony which was not even 200m away from Luo Feng, while Luo Feng was momentarily unaware of his arrival was indeed proof of Windmill’s strength.

“Windmill?” Luo Feng smiled, “Bring it on!”

Following which Luo Feng left the alley, leaving behind the Darkness clan Devil’s body on the floor.

……

Actually, the battle between Madman and Devil which resulted in the explosions and clashes, not only attracted Windmill but also many other weaker geniuses. Only thing was, as soon as they saw that the battle was between Madman and Devil, they decided to maintain their distance, not daring to approach or get any closer.

This battle, Devil died! Madman survived!

In the east district, the reputation of Madman exploded.

The following days…

Slaughter!

Madman resumed his massacre, any survivors he discovered were immediately chased down and killed!

On the 21st day of the elimination.

Madman had just killed another top 10 in strength, warrior Ice Thread in a skyscraper.

On the 26th day.

Madman once again killed another top 10 in strength, named Bones in a little residential district.

Ever since three of the top ten had died by the hands of Madman, the reputation of Madman had a terrifying deterring effect in the city! The remaining survivors, the true geniuses all unanimously agreed that Madman had the power of the top three.

In the 88th world.

A youth dressed in a white robe stood on a cliff in a continuous mountain range.

“You are Thunder?” Barefeet, messy hair, a young sturdy looking youth who was 3m tall, hand wielding a short knife, smiled as he looked at Thunder god before him.

Thunder god’s face went pale, “You, you are…”

The tall and study man before him had an appearance very similar to an earth human, only sturdier and taller. And this wild man in the 88th world, was a terrifying figure.

Nicknamed Savage, he was one of the top three in strength of the 88th world.

Savage loved to kill the strong. Only geniuses with true strength could attract his attention. In this 88th world, no one was even a match for him! At least he hadn’t met a match yet. All the geniuses ended up being killed by his short knife. The knife was only short compared to his full height.

That knife, to someone like Thunder god, was a large battle knife.

“Bring out your full power.” Savage looked at Thunder god.

“I don’t believe this!”

Thunder god’s eyes gleamed, thunder snakes flew about him as his entire body became a blur, almost as though a dreamy image appeared, as he flew straight at Savage.

“Roar!”

Savage roared loudly as his battle knife fiercely slashing forward.

Thunder god felt as though the earth and skies had vanished, what was left was that shockingly fast knife. It sliced through both the heavens and the earth with a force that was incredibly heavy and powerful, causing the Thunder god to quickly use his battle knife to defend, “Clang!” Thunder god felt his hands go numb and the handles of his blade were covered in fresh blood as his blades were knocked away from the force.

“Too, too strong…” Thunder god looked at the slash coming at him, with only that thought in his head.

Chi!

The knife slashed past him.

Thunder god, on the 27th day, was killed.

……

72nd world.

If one said that the world that Luo Feng was in was modeled after a certain planet’s land surface, then the world Thunder god was in was modeled after a large mountain forest range. The 72nd world however was modeled after a very well known Ganwu universe country’s construct…the Planet Skyscraper.

The planet skyscraper was an extremely tall construct that reached past the clouds, its entire area was vast.

Within the skyscraper, its construct design could house up to 10 billion people.

This was indeed an unbelievable thing. Normal planets usually only had population of that size in total, hence it became known as the Planet skyscraper. This building had a huge reputation throughout the Ganwu universe country as it was built from an impulse of an undying with huge amounts of wealth.

This 72nd world.

Within this skyscraper, 8.2 billion people were crammed in there, engaging in battles.

At Night time.

The entire skyscraper was covered in darkness. A black haired man wielding a pike was walking quietly in a large walkway that was 10m wide and on it were traces of blood stains all over, bodies strewn about.

“It’s already the 28th day.” Hong looked down at the screen on his wrist.

Participant: Hong (Black Dragon Mountain empire)

Points: 910,293

Rank: 1,016

“It’s the final two to three days, many warriors will risk it all and fight for more points. These last few days, I have to get enough points to make it into the top 1001.” Within the dark walkway, Hong was like a ghost during the night. Due to the training he received as an assassin in his youth, he was very used to these sort of life or death situations.

“Hm?” Hong creased his eyebrows.

“Hu!

The surrounding lights warped and Hong’s entire body vanished.

In the distant fork in the walkway, a warrior was looking around him, not spotting anybody and continuing to push forward.

“Hm?” This youth’s expression changed, “There’s someone!” Immediately an explosion of energy surged and waved about as he unleashed his domain. Immediately, in the air about 10 meters away, a human silhouette appeared. This black dressed silhouette was approaching as fast as lightning; his entire body form was warping, giving off an extremely weird monstrous image.

“Xiu!”

The pike turned and the tip pierced through the space, straight at the enemy.

That youth quickly retreated, simultaneously controlling his spirit weapon to block the attack.

“Chi!” the pike’s tip pierced through the head of the youth, his eyes filled with shock and denial, as though he was unable to comprehend why. He had obviously blocked the attack, yet he still died.

“Your usage of the domain is too raw.” Hong looked at the body, his body blurring again and vanishing.

Within a ship’s single room.

“Ah! second uncle’s points have suddenly dropped.” Little Hai’s flushed face looked completely shocked, shouting out clearly, “He was still in the top 3000 earlier, now he’s dropped to the top 5000.”

“What?”

Xu Gang too stared wide eyed, carefully examining the screen, shaking his head, “It’s true, Thunder god’s ranking is dropping rapidly. Look his points seem to have dropped by at least half, losing half his points…don’t tell me Thunder god was killed?”

“Let me try.” Xu xin said, contacting Thunder god.

Du…du…du…

“Hello, little sister. I’ve just been eliminated, but I have been receiving multiple calls and invites, haha…” Thunder god appeared on the screen, laughing.

“Ah, second uncle, you’ve lost?”

Beside, Little Ping shouted out loudly.

“Yea, completely lost.” Thunder god replied oddly, shaking his head, “No way about it, I met our world’s Savage, he’s completely sick, his speed is sick, I couldn’t even run if I wanted to. When he attacked… just one move and I got killed. His strength is way above mine. I was beaten to a point where I couldn’t even say anything.”

“One move?”

Everyone in the room was shocked.

“However Little Ping, your father’s doing pretty well. I just saw. He’s already rushed into the top 128 ranks.” Thunder god complemented, “Big brother is also doing okay, but he’s still just a little shy of the top 1001.”

……

Luo Feng sprung up suddenly in this battle of geniuses, causing countless Black Dragon Mountain empire people to crazily cheer for him.

In the air above the 1st world, in a ship’s large hall, over a 1000 people were gathered.

“Luo Feng’s rank has just risen again, he’s made it to number 128.”

“Too powerful, and he only began to make his move from the 10th day. If he had begun from the start, his points would definitely be higher than now. Making it into the top 100 would definitely be simple.”

“Right.”

“Luo Feng is too strong. Stronger than many warriors from the Ganwu universe starfields.”

This group of empire citizens were extremely passionate. Competition between the many starfields was a rare thing, and there was no better place for this competition. As there were many fighters and warriors located within the many starfields, this genius battle represented the quality of warriors from each star field. The more geniuses there are, it meant the stronger the star field was.

People who lacked talent would naturally be looked down on.

“Right now our Black Dragon Mountain empire already has two people who have made it into their world’s top 1001.”

“Nabini is very strong too, his current rank is at 862.”

“This Nabini was a genius from our galaxy initially. After gaining attention from the Black Dragon Mountain sacred land, he was immediately brought over. For him to make it to number 862, that’s not bad.”

“Not bad. However, he can’t compare to Luo Feng.”

“Right, Luo Feng is already at 128. And the higher you go the harder it becomes.”

……

Gao Sheng, Nuolan Shan and countless other citizens from the Black Dragon Mountain empire, even many from the Ganwu universe starfields, were all paying attention.

And Luo Feng this time had brought great honor to the Black Dragon Mountain empire.

On the 30th day of elimination, which was also the last day.

Night had just passed and the sun was just rising.

Luo Feng walked in the alley, looking down at the screen on his wrist.

Participant: Luo Feng (Black Dragon Mountain empire)

Points: 13,988,292

Rank: 102

“102?” It was mainly from killing those 3 absolute warriors like Devil that he got so many points.

At the time, Luo Feng came to the alley in which he killed Devil, and Luo Feng unleashed his genetic energy, looking up and shouting loudly, “Windmill!” A roar with the genetic energy power of a star level 9, immediately spread across the entire city, and eventually even spread beyond the city into the wilderness.

Windmill! Windmill! Windmill! Windmill! Windmill! Windmill! Windmill! Windmill!

His roar echoed throughout the city!

Within the entire city, countless survivors were all shocked.

Windmill?

Who would dare challenge Windmill?

On the balcony of a large skyscraper, a green haired youth sitting there opened his eyes, muttering: “This madman…he’s indeed mad.”

“Devil, Ice Thread and Bones all died by his hands. This battle is really getting me excited.” The green haired youth stood upright. His eyes gleamed with a peculiar light, following which he became a green light breaking through space, immediately heading towards where he had first met Madman.


Chapter 399: Luo Feng and Windmill

Daybreak, in the silent blood stained alley, Luo Feng stood there alone waiting.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked up.

In the distance, a green light was swiftly flying over. It finally reduced its speed and revealed a human silhouette. It was a green haired youth stepping on a green wheel-like spirit weapon with razor-sharp edges. As he slowed down, the green haired youth descended, landing about a 100 m away from Luo Feng.

“I didn’t expect you to shout so loudly.” The green haired youth looked at Luo Feng, his eyes seemingly laughing, “Your roar, everyone in the city must have heard you.”

“Let them hear it.” Luo Feng stood there, his entire body seemed to be a condensed blade full of anger and energy!

His anger, was extremely heavy.

“I wonder what this Madman does in reality, to exhibit such a strong aura.” The green haired youth thought. He wouldn’t even have thought that Luo Feng had possessed the golden horned beast, a being that lived to slaughter. This possession had given him many benefits. If he hadn’t done this, with only the inheritance of the Yun Mo Planet, he would only be capable of making waves in the Black Dragon Mountain empire.

But with the possession, it’s allowed him to become one of the top geniuses in the entire human race of the universe. It could be said… that he was destined for even bigger things and could not be restricted to just the Black Dragon Mountain star field

This was the greatest benefit the golden horned beast had brought. Its shortcomings however were that it brought with it increased savagery and brutality.

He had kept the shortcoming under control before, but in this 1st world, Luo Feng had completely let it out.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s cold eyes swept, gazing in the distant surroundings.

In the distant residential buildings, in a few shop houses or a few alley forks, he could make out a few human silhouettes. Also in the sky, he could see human silhouettes that had flown over and landed about.

“It’s Madman.”

“The other one is Windmill!”

“It’s indeed the two of them. The one roaring before I guess was Madman, and in our city, only Madman would dare pick a challenge with Windmill.”

“It’s too thrilling. And on this final day, Madman is going against Windmill.”

“Madman, Windmill, who will win?”

“Who knows.”

“Madman, that guy is capable of doing anything.”

“Devil, Ice Thread and Bones, these three all died under Madman’s hands. However even more geniuses have been killed by Windmill. These two…it’s really hard to say.”

Within a short time, many warriors had gathered about within a distance of a 1,000 meters between the two, spectating from shophouses, residential buildings etc. This fight was set to become the city’s most elite and thrilling battle.

……

In the alley, Luo Feng and the green haired youth faced off.

“Quite a lot of people have gathered.” Luo Feng’s gaze swept the distant areas.

“They were all called here by your roar.” The green haired youth said, “Now it’s troublesome. Our battle…if one wins cleanly, then it would be ok. However if it’s a tragic win! Winning but suffering heavy injuries, that’ll definitely attract all the strong warriors around to surround us and attack. Because the victor among us would definitely have shocking amounts of points, it’ll make the others go crazy for it.”

Luo Feng nodded.

In reality, his internal world could swiftly recover injuries. However in this 1st world, his body’s cells and regeneration was similar to everybody else, any injuries would mean trouble.

“From what I see, we should kill them all first, then face off.” Luo Feng said.

“Hm?” The green haired youth was taken aback, thinking that this guy before him was indeed crazy enough.

“Alright.” The green haired youth said loudly, “That makes sense. To prevent anyone from interrupting, we’ll first have to kill everybody!”

His voice reverberated about openly, causing all who were hiding within the surrounding little districts and alleys to get a shock. As this green haired youth was speaking loudly, it was obvious he was trying to let all the spectators in the distance know and retreat. However that way, their killing efficiency would be greatly reduced.

“You sure are kind!” Luo Feng glanced at him and immediately jumped on the soaring shuttle and headed towards the closest residential building.

The green haired youth laughed, “I’m just afraid of the hassle!”

The two stepped on their spirit weapons and swiftly flew to the residential building besides them.

“Quickly flee!”

“That Madman and Windmill, they’ve gone mad.”

“Let’s go.”

“They are coming over.”

Immediately, silhouettes madly fled in all directions, all scurrying about. The geniuses that had survived till now, many had strength close to Thunder god or were even stronger than him. However against the two strongest powers in this city…Madman and Windmill, they all chose to flee!

“Come with me!” After killing a bunch of people, Luo Feng communicated to Windmill.

Following which he led the way down to an underground alley, the green haired youth followed closely in.

This city’s underground tunnels can lead to anywhere the city. Luo Feng and the green haired youth followed the tunnels at breakneck speed, and after a while, exiting through one of the exits. By now, they were already at the north part of the city.

This place was filled with villas.

These villas were all pretty similar to the villa constructs on earth, spread throughout a few kilometers in area. Luo Feng and windmill stood on separate roofs, staring at each other.

“Windmill.” Luo Feng’s heart was akin to a sea of blood, filled with killing intent and rage. However the sea was incomparably calm, as not even a ripple could be seen on it.

Savage but ice cold.

This was a special quality of the golden horned beast. Even though it enjoyed killing madly, it was always extremely calm.

“This Windmill, is much stronger than the three before.” Luo Feng thought.

“Today is the final day of the elimination. This battle, should also be the final one.” The green haired youth looked at Luo Feng, smiling, “Madman, I’m very curious, what’s your current rank?”

No one knew each other’s true names, hence they didn’t know their rankings.

“102.” Luo Feng looked at the green haired youth, “And you?”

“42.” He replied.

Luo Feng was instantly shocked.

From the ranking alone, one could perceive the opponent’s power. His own ranking was 102 because of killing Devil, Bones and Ice thread as these three were among the top 10 in this city. Although he had acquired a decent amount of points from killing them, these three were in the 200-300 ranking. And the strongest in this city, Windmill was actually only ranked 42!

“How did you get so many points?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

“When one achieves number one rank in this world, they can immediately enter the name list of the Ganwu universe country’s top 1,000. Hence many absolute warriors, after massacring in their own city, would head to other cities to hunt.” The green haired youth smiled, “By staying within one’s own city, it’s impossible to become number one.”

“There was a strong warrior who came over to our city before. However, he was killed by me.” The green haired youth said, “From him, I acquired over 10 million points.”

“Over 10 million?” Luo Feng was utterly shocked.

An absolute warrior from another city gave Windmill over 10 million points. This Windmill’s total points were definitely crazy, ranking 42 was normal.

“That absolute warrior has been the only one who forced me to use my full strength up till now.” The green haired youth stared at Luo Feng, his eyes filled with anticipation, “Madman, this is the final battle. No matter who wins or loses, it’s certain that we’ll make it through the elimination. I hope you use your full strength…”

“Without a worthy opponent, it’s really boring.” The green haired youth’s eyes gleamed with madness.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked at the distant green haired youth, his competitiveness burning within.

“Then let’s cut the chatter!”

Luo Feng roared.

Rumble!

A glaring gold light immediately burst out from his body as large amounts of golden threads formed a golden energy flow. A golden fish swam like a fish in water in that light, swiftly heading towards the distant green haired youth.

“Rumble!” the green haired youth’s body immediately released a green energy flow. Simultaneously a complex wheel like spirit weapon appeared before him.

Weng!

The round wheel swiftly rotated, at the same time the green energy had formed a pathway that swiftly blocked the golden fish.

“Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang!”

Clashes resounded over and over again.

The two spirit weapons clashed in mid air. Luo Feng’s soaring shuttle and the green haired youth’s green disc faced off.

These two were absolute genius spirit readers and both of them had actually stepped through the gateway of the origin laws. Unlike Devil with his four arms, this green haired youth relied only on the round wheel to block Luo Feng’s gold fish’s every attack. Of course his extremely fast round wheel was unable to completely suppress Luo Feng’s weapon.

“Windmill, that’s all you got?” Luo Feng roared. The golden fish infused with threads of gold origin laws was incomparably flexible, dodging the edge of the blade and smashing into the wheel’s surface. Following which with lightning speed, shot out towards the green haired youth.

Sou!

“Very good.”

The green haired youth’s wheel below his feet and the wheel he used to attack with was the same spirit weapon. The wheel beneath his feet suddenly shot out to deflect the golden fish. Simultaneously, the wheel actually split apart…into two semi discs. These two discs worked together and madly revolved around each other.

“Madman, the other city’s warrior was the first and you are the second person to make me use my full strength.” The green haired youth’s eyes gleamed.

“Dang! Dang!”

With a quick clash, the two semi discs acted like two crescent moons revolving around each other, feeding off each others’ energy. Their speeds were constantly rising, and getting harder to read! Their effect on each other caused Luo Feng’s single golden fish to be somewhat panicked, seemingly getting fatigued by their interceptions.

“Too fast and too hard to predict.” Luo Feng could feel that the two discs were infused with some origin laws.

Just like the universe, almost like two planets orbiting about each other.

These two discs were infused with some peculiar form of energy.

Before, when Windmill’s reputation soared throughout the city, he relied on his spirit weapon’s incomparably swift and fierce movements. However, when the disc split into two, its speed, power, and movement all soared greatly! It completely displayed to Luo Feng what Windmill’s reputation was all about! It completely suppressed Luo Feng.

“Chi.” One of the discs actually suppressed the golden fish while the other shot as quick as lightning towards Luo Feng.

Luo Feng immediately used the soaring shuttle to retreat, simultaneously using his shield.

“Dang!” The disc clashed into the shield which was in Luo Feng’s hand.

Taking the impact from that fierce wind powered disc infused with origin law powers caused Luo Feng’s entire body to be knocked backwards, directly smashing into the roof portion of the villa, straight into the villa itself.

Xiu!

The golden fish swiftly returned to the villa.

“Peng!” The already shattered roof was once again exploded open, a human silhouette burst out from within. It was Luo Feng, he didn’t look like a sorry figure at all, in fact there was excitement in his eyes.

The green haired youth floated in mid air as the two discs kept revolving in the surrounding.

“Hm?” The green haired youth realized there was a dark golden long rod on Luo Feng’s back. That rod was very long and thick, almost like a dark golden wooden stake.

“Windmill, what you said was right. Without an opponent, it’s indeed boring.” In the air above the villa, Luo feng’s eyes gleamed with madness, “You windmill, are the first to force me to use my strongest power. There’s no choice, you are indeed very powerful, without taking out this Nan Shen Armament, I really can’t win.”

The green haired youth’s body was stunned, he looked shocked at the dark golden rod on Luo Feng’s back, “Nan…Nan Shen Armament?”


Chapter 400: Nan Shen Armament

The Nan Shen Armament is a weapon, which was infused with the two great origin laws of gold and space. It was one of the 9 ultimate weapons for the controller spirit readers.

To actually use the Nan Shen armament at the star level was an unbelievable thing to do.

The Nan Shen Armament was separated into 9 levels. Just the 1st level alone required one to have a comprehension of the gold origin laws along with an extremely strong amplifier to unleash it properly. It took Luo Feng a few months in the actual world, along with 10 days of serious training in this elimination stage to finally get a grasp of the basics and to reach a level where “it may work.”

For a Star level to actually master the 1st level would mean that he would be invincible in the same entire grade.

Invincible, that alone represented its power!

“You can use the Nan Shen Armament?” The green haired youth’s eyes was filled with shock.

“This is my 1st time actually using it in a battle.” Luo Feng carried the dark golden long rod on his back, gently landing on an undamaged villa’s roof.

The green haired youth couldn’t help but feel nervous. After all, the reputation of the Nan Shen Armament was huge. The strong will power and fighting spirit within him caused the youth to burn with passion as he shouted: “Madman, this is the final day for the elimination! To be able to meet an opponent like you, it really makes me happy. Make sure to use your full strength and let me see properly…just how strong the legendary Nan Shen Armament is!”

“I won’t disappoint you.” Luo Feng squinted.

The two faced off with less than a hundred meters between each other, standing on two separate rooftops.

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed as he pointed at the green haired youth. Immediately, the dark golden long rod released a beam of golden light. Those nine cicada wing-thin little golden blades dispersed and their incredibly complex engravings began to emit a golden stream of energy and started to interlink.

To actually connect them together into a perfect body was incredibly difficult. When he used the soaring shuttle in the past and was finally able to complete the swordfish formation, he still was not able to fully infuse it with the origin laws.

And at this time…

In an instant, he used all of his comprehension of the gold origin laws into one attack, putting his all into one move. Even after all this, Luo Feng could feel that his comprehension wasn’t enough, he had only a basic grasp of this 1st level. He was still far from completing it.

A dreamy golden orb engulfed in golden light revolved before Luo Feng.

The entire dreamy golden blade was hard to see clearly.

A powerful energy emitted from that golden blade, causing the space around to ripple.

“Xiu!”

The dreamy golden blade immediately shot towards the distant green haired youth. The instant that it shot out, because it was too fast, it became a golden rainbow!

“Roar!!!” The green haired youth grit his teeth.The veins on his forehead straining and protruding as he used his full strength to control his spirit weapon.

“Ang…”

The two crescent discs were like two children playing with each other. One playing around while the other chased, making one unable to clearly see it as it soared into the wind to deflect that terrifying golden rainbow.

“Rumble!”

The golden blade rainbow clashed into the two discs. With an explosion, the two discs were knocked away into the villa below. “Pa!” with a clang, one of the discs smashed into a window causing it to smash open immediately as glass shards flew in all directions.

“Xiu!”

After the clash the golden blade stopped for a brief moment before becoming a golden rainbow again and shot towards the green haired youth.

“How can this be?” The green haired youth revealed shock and fear as the round disc below his feet split into two, becoming two crescent discs that went to intercept.

“Rumble!” The golden rainbow once again clashed with them and the two discs were knocked away again.

“Chi!”

Following which, the golden rainbow shot towards the green haired youth’s body. He didn’t even bother to dodge. He just stood there, staring straight a Luo Feng and communicating mentally, “Madman, I used the wrong move. The next time I will definitely win, definitely!!!” The voice roared within Luo Feng’s ears as the golden rainbow pierced right through the youth’s forehead!

The green haired youth’s body fell from mid air before rolling on the roof and landing within that villa.

“You indeed made a mistake.”

Luo Feng landed beside that body, saying seriously, “You’ve already stepped into the gateway of the origin laws. Originally, it wouldn’t have been that easy for me to kill you. But you chose to fight using force with force…who else can you blame?”

Even though he hadn’t used the Nan Shen Armament before in a real battle, in the virtual universe slaughterhouse, in order to grow accustomed to the Nan Shen Armament, Luo Feng had chosen a variety of star level opponents. All of them with different comprehension of the origin laws, be it gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, thunder, light, time or space, allowing him to gain lots of experience.

Gold was hard and strong, extremely sharp and piercing!

Wind was formless, flexible beyond compare!

While walking different paths, the battle techniques and strategies would naturally have their own differences. Luo Feng had stepped into the gold origin law entrance. Hence, his attacks were naturally strong with a piercing form which destroyed everything before him! While using the most suitable gold origin law weapon Nan Shen Armament, his power was extreme!

Windmill chose to use brute force to fight with Luo Feng, it wasn’t strange for him to die.

The main factor was that the green haired youth Windmill was shocked and scared by the reputation of the Nan Shen Armament. Along with the fact that they were at a stalemate before, only right before death did he realize the best way to deal with Madman.

……

The battle between Madman and Windmill caused a huge commotion which attracted many geniuses from within the north district of the city. But by the time they actually arrived close enough to view the battle, it was already over.

“Windmill lost?”

“Windmill was actually killed? That’s too unbelievable, I didn’t see wrongly right.”

“Even Windmill lost, who can match up to Madman?”

In the distance, a group of geniuses were extremely shocked. Windmill was much stronger than Devil, Ice Thread and even Bones. Many of them had guessed and even believed that the winner of the fight between Madman and Windmill, would have been Windmill. After all, Windmill’s success was intrepid, and he had always been way above others, without any failure before.

He had always been very relaxed, slaughtering all those who appeared in his path!

Many had assumed from early on that this city’s number one was Windmill..

“That madman is too strong.”

“Madman’s final golden light, just what was that. Wasn’t it said that madman’s skill from the spirit weapon was a golden fish?”

“Right, since Madman killed Windmill, i wonder just how many points he would get?”

“Although Windmill lost half his points, he definitely still has a lot. As for Madman…his points right now must be even higher than Windmill’s.”

Luo Feng carried the dark golden long rod and flew away from the villa into a distant residential area, immediately landing on a balcony.

“30th day of the elimination, today is the final day.” Luo Feng sat there quietly, arranging his thoughts. Of the 30 days, it was the final 20 days that he had immersed himself in the madness, totally committing himself to slaughtering. The number of people killed by him ranged in the thousands. From that bloodbath, the name Madman rose to new heights.

However Luo Feng didn’t want to bring that mentality and form back to reality.

“Phew!”

Luo feng sat crossed legged quietly while suppressing the bloodlust that ached from his bones, hiding it deep within.

“This Windmill really had so many points. Before this, his rank was indeed 42.” Luo Feng looked down at the screen on his wrist, the numbers on it made people’s hearts race.

Participant: Luo Feng (Black Dragon Mountain empire)

Points: 32,178,201

Rank: 51

“By killing Windmill, I actually acquired over 18 million points!” Luo Feng was shocked. By killing an absolute warrior, the number of points one got was indeed abundant. Prior to this battle, he only had close to about 14 million, not even close to the earnings from just this one battle! However Windmill did mention that he had killed a strong warrior from another city, getting over 10 million points.

“The fastest way to get points is to kill an absolute warrior.”

“The best way is to go to each city and hunt.” Luo Feng thought.

For example, by killing every city’s number one, he estimated that he could get over a hundred million points! Of course the requirement was…to be able to kill them!

When Luo Feng killed Windmill, his rank simply jumped from 102 to 51 directly. This attracted many of the Ganwu universe country’s powers and organizations to pay attention to him. Before when he made it to the top 1001, the ones watching him were mostly the trillions of citizens in the Black Dragon Mountain empire. However, after making it to rank 51, things were different.

The higher one’s standing got, the more crazy the strength levels were!

Every world’s top 3 could all be said to be true geniuses who definitely stepped through the gateway of the origin laws.

Every world’s top 100, there would be some absolute geniuses who’ve also stepped through the gateway of the origin laws.

The difference in ranks were linked directly to each person’s choices.

Some absolute warriors, like Luo Feng and Windmill, if they chose to not only stay within their own cities, but wander throughout the 91 cities and hunt the absolute warriors, they may meet certain brick walls. However, the higher possibility was that they’d be able to make it to the world’s top 10!

“Search all of Luo Feng’s information.”

“This Luo Feng, to be able to reach rank 51, he must be a battle genius with a domain of at least level 8. He might even be a stronger absolute genius who’s already begun to comprehend the origin laws.”

“Black Dragon Mountain empire, from that little out of the way place, there’s actually a genius who was able to make it to rank 51?”

“It is rare indeed. Black Dragon Mountain empire has always been a lower level country within the Ganwu universe countries’ many territories.”

……

At the time, within the enormous luxurious living room of the universe ship which gathered all of the black dragon mountain empire’s governing officials and royalty.

“Congratulations your majesty.”

Elation!

“Your majesty, rank 51, a 2 digit number!”

Up to a thousand people within the hall had erupted in joy. A 3 digit rank compared to a 2 digit or 1 digit rank, the honor associated with each was completely different. As for the three from the Black Dragon Mountain who had made it temporarily through the 1st round…

“Hong’s standing was 999.

Nabini’s standing was 860.

Luo Feng’s standing was 51.

From one look it was clear that Hong and Nabini could be considered amongst the elite geniuses of the Black Dragon Mountain. But Luo Feng was definitely an absolute warrior capable of making it into the top ranks of the Ganwu universe country.

“A 2 digit number.”

“Your majesty, right now within the entire Black Dragon Mountain island, the trillion citizens are incomparably excited.”

Sitting above everybody else, the emperor’s face too could hardly conceal his joy. Laughing out loudly and roaring “In this elimination, our empire has done not bad! Looking at how things are going, there may very likely be 3 people making it through! Hong and Nabini are outstanding As for Luo Feng…haha, he’s the pride of our Black Dragon Mountain empire!”

“This Luo Feng has done us great honor! Great honor!” The emperor’s voice grew even brighter, “We must reward him, heavily reward him!”


Chapter 401: Special Envoy

When Luo Feng the Madman finally put down his bloodthirsty blade and hid within a residential building to quietly wait for the end of the elimination, within the huge skyscraper of the 72nd world, the currently ranked 999 Hong was still fighting hard. Because it was the last day, the battles were incredibly intense and brutal.

This was especially true between the group of people whose ranks were close to 1000. They could rise anytime or drop anytime.

“I have to make sure I stay alive. The moment I die, I will lose half my points and I’ll definitely drop out of the top 1001.” In a destroyed house with broken windows, Hong dressed in all black closed his eyes, “Also, I have to try my best to kill a few others and push myself forward a little more.”

Hong had many thoughts on his mind, but his entire being was incomparably calm and collected.

As tranquil as a mirror.

His entire being was incredibly relaxed, like a void, allowing him to detect any movement or noise around him.

Among earth’s top 3 warriors.

He and Thunder god had the longer lives, experiencing much more. Even though Thunder god too had some comprehension of the chinese martial arts, his main expertise was in yoga. During the great nirvana he completely immersed himself in martial arts, his entire being loved the arts. With a pure heart, it was easy for him to fuse and reach perfection, allowing him to let his yoga fuse perfectly with himself.

Hong was different, he was trained from a young age to be an assassin.

An assassin’s strength control was very meticulous.

The chinese martial arts helped him with his control of internal energy, along with his mental state control. As an assassin, he naturally formed his own path. And after the Great Nirvana, the base era, the swallowing beast incident, along with all the hardships and training, Hong had an impeccable control of every bit of energy and power within himself. This is why he became number 1 of the three brothers.

Among the three, Luo Feng was the youngest!

In terms of comprehension, willpower and talent, he didn’t lack any.

However he never received Chinese martial arts training. In close combat, his energy use and technique couldn’t compare to Hong or Thunder god. However…Luo Feng was still the strongest among the three!

Firstly, his talent, allowed him to become the disciple of the Yun Mo Planet.

Second, he sacrificed himself and immolated his soul, possessing the golden horned beast in that battle.

This allowed Luo Feng to stand on a much higher stage, as he was able to compare himself with the countless clans and absolute geniuses within the vast universe’s human race.

Within the house.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged, quietly awaiting the end of the elimination.

“The elimination countdown, 60…59…58…57…56…” A deep boomy voice reverberated throughout the survivors’ minds in the hundred worlds, making many within these worlds get anxious and thus panic.

“I’m almost there.”

“I was 1001 just now, right now I’m 1002.”

“It’s too late.”

“Kill.”

“You won’t be able to make it into the top 1001. As long as you let me kill you, I’ll definitely heavily repay you when we get out.”

“Bullshit, heavily repay? There’s no contract or proof of these things within the virtual universe system. It sounds good now, but if you simply deny everything later, can I even do anything?”

At the final countdown, it was madness within the worlds.

Luo Feng just patiently waited.

“10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1! Teleport.”

The survivors within the 100 worlds immediately vanished and later the virtually simulated worlds too all crumbled and returned to nothing. Simultaneously, the final rankings were officially announced.

The elimination has ended!

The candidates have all been picked!

……

Luo Feng was sent to the air above the island of Black Dragon Mountain.

“Di! Di! Di! Di! Di!

A constant beeping sound.

“Luo Feng, there are 371 call requests. Oh, right now it’s become 398. Ah, it’s continuing to rise.” Babata’s familiar voice spoke out.

“Haha, Babata, it’s been a long time since I heard your voice.” Luo Feng stood in the air above the Black Dragon Mountain. Beside him in midair there were many human silhouettes, all the survivors from the elimination. However surviving didn’t mean that they made it into the top 1001.

“Those worlds all have barriers against virtual assistants.” Babata said helplessly, “The virtual universe system is simple too strong, there’s no way around it.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Anywhere in the universe people could easily instantly connect into the virtual universe with their consciousness, allowing countless people to enter. Even within the virtual universe, countless secret techniques could be simulated, even origin laws could be simulated… this was simply too scary. Maybe the origin laws weren’t even secret techniques within the virtual universe!

Virtual universe company was afterall one of the universe humans’ 5 great leviathans.

And the other 4 leviathans hadn’t even grasped such level of skill. This Virtual universe company was the sole company capable of such a feat as building a virtual universe. It makes one afraid to even imagine just how deep and huge the company was.

“Right now there are 453 phone call requests and 892 mails.” Babata said.

“Let’s leave the virtual universe first.” Luo Feng’s thoughts moved.

Shua!

His consciousness returned to reality and then reconnected back to the virtual universe.

Shua!

On Black Dragon Mountain island, Nine Star Bay, Luo Feng appeared at his own living area grass patch.

Returning to the virtual universe from reality, it could be said that if one owned a property in virtual universe, they would always return their property the moment they entered the virtual universe. Hence, Luo Feng returned back to the Nine Star Bay little district at his house.

“Big brother, thirdie.” A familiar voice resounded.

Almost simultaneously appearing at his own house entrance was Hong and Luo Feng, they both turned to look. It was Thunder god. Luo Feng and Hong both walked over.

“You two did pretty good, one with rank 982 and the other 51.” Thunder god frowned, “However my luck was bad, essentially like stepping in dog shit. I unexpectedly ran into our world’s Savage, that guy is simply too abnormal. He definitely stepped into the gateway of the origin laws, as he decimating me with one move.”

“That strong?”

Luo Feng and Hong were both somewhat shocked.

“Hm.” Thunder god smiled, “If big brother and thirdie met Savage, they’d definitely be a little better than me. You both made it into the top 1001. So there’s a chance you’ll meet him in the arena.”

“I barely made it into the top 1001, still 3rd brother is the strongest.” Hong smiled at Luo Feng.

“Hm, thirdie is very strong indeed.” Thunder god nodded too.

Hong and Thunder god, in terms of age, were much older than Luo Feng. They almost gave a mentor like feeling, however it was clear that this little brother had a shocking amount of power.

“Thirdie, work hard. The stronger you get, the brighter the future of our earth will be.” Hong patted Luo Feng on his shoulder.

“Dad.”

“Lou Feng.”

At this time a group of people appeared at the entrance, it was Luo Feng’s family.

……

The end of the elimination!

Every world’s top 1,001 had made it through the elimination. A total of 100 worlds, a total of 100,100 people. At the same time every world’s number 1 would immediately be placed in the final namelist.

The top 1,000 of the Ganwu universe country had the rights to participate in the universe humans genius battle. These 1000 would then represent the Ganwu universe country, as they competed against the geniuses from the rest of the universe…bringing out the the best of the best from the universe humans.

The Ganwu universe country had slots for 1000 people. Right now, those who came first in their respective world would be automatically given a spot. Hence, a total of a 100 places were already taken.

The remaining 100,000 would have to fight for the remaining 900 slots!

Black Dragon Mountain Empire’s Luo Feng, Hong and Nabini will compete amidst the 100,000 as only 900 of these participants would get the right to enter that final namelist.

The elimination rate was still very high!

To be able to make it into that final namelist, they were all absolute geniuses that everybody envied. They would make countless organizations and powers vie for them as their future elites and new seedlings. They were all capable of being regarded as cream of the crop.

From the end of the elimination, the arena fights would happen a month later.

However this month, Luo Feng actually faced the ‘problems of a celebrity’. There were many powers within the Black Dragon Mountain empire who came looking for him. Not just that, but even a few super organizations from the Ganwu universe country had sent people over to look for him, hoping he would join them and put his name in their companies!

“Reject, reject them all.”

“Just tell them all that right now I’m immersing myself in training and putting my all into preparing for the arena fights. I can’t be distracted.” Luo Feng was helpless with this trouble and could only resort to this response.

……

On the 16th day since the end of the elimination.

Solar system, Mars.

Luo Feng was on the sand filled Mars, testing out his Nan Shen Armament.

“1st form!”

“Go!”

“Return.”

“Luo Feng controlled that dark golden long rod that became a golden rainbow and flew at breakneck speed and returned. And while controlling this golden rainbow’s complex arc movements, it was very clear that his sense of control was still rigid, as he was unable to fully make it move like a flowing river.

“Within the arena fights, my opponents will all be extremely powerful. The lowest would at least be like my big brother. There will be many with similar strength to mine! There might even be others who are much stronger than me.”

“Then, I’m afraid I’ll have to use the Nan Shen Armament immediately.” Luo Feng was very clear that there were only strong opponents in the arena fights, He’d have to use his trump card from the beginning and push forward.

Hopefully he’ll make it into the top 1,000.

Only that way will he have the right to go compete with other absolute warriors from the other universe countries.

“Luo Feng, hurry into the virtual universe.” Babata’s voice resounded.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was curious.

Virtual universe Black Dragon Mountain island, Nine Star Bay small district.

When Luo Feng appeared outside his own home, he could see that his living room was filled with many guests.

“Big brother, Hong and Thunder god are currently inside entertaining the guests. You should quickly go in.” Luo Hua said as he saw Luo Feng.

“Who are they?” Luo Feng asked curiously.

Didn’t he reject every organizations from coming here?

“It’s the Black Dragon Mountain Empire’s envoys who were especially sent by the emperor himself.” Luo Hua said softly, “This special envoy team, I heard they actually brought an order from the Emperor himself. The special team is led by a sector lord and I heard that his position is extremely high. Also, within the team there’s also the basic level universe country the Silverblue empire’s emperor.”

“Silverblue empire’s emperor?” Luo Feng was shocked.

The Silverblue empire governed over the Milky Way’s eight great galaxies. This emperor actually followed a special team over.

“Their visit this time is mainly because of you.” Luo Hua said.

“I’ll go take a look.” Luo Feng nodded, and walked briskly into the living room.


Chapter 402: The Empire’s Hopes

There were a total of 11 people in that living room.

Thunder god, Hong and the other nine who no one recognized were all sitting at the long table.

“Thirdie.”

“Third brother.”

Thunder god and Hong stood up. The other 9 turned to look, and simultaneously 8 of them stood up. Only one old man in the center with long silver hair, remained seated as he turned to carefully examine Luo Feng, revealing a smile: “Luo Feng, I, Bu De Asuka, am here on behalf of the Black Dragon Mountain empire’s emperor.”

“My respects Lord Asuka.” Luo Feng quickly bowed.

Having been to the Ganwu auction and seen too many sector lords, Luo Feng could tell with one look that this silver haired old man was a sector lord!

“All sit.” The silver haired old man smiled.

Luo Feng too walked over and sat beside Hong and Thunder god.

“Luo Feng, there are two reasons behind my visit. One, I really wanted to see this outstanding genius from our Black Dragon Mountain empire.” This silver haired old man, even his beard was white, his entire being seemed amicable and kind, giving off a feeling of friendliness. “Two, because his majesty, yes, his majesty is paying very close attention to you, he values you and wants to handsomely reward you!”

Luo Feng was shocked, that emperor probably didn’t know…about his past incident with the 9th prince.

“Lord Bu De Asuka, actually I didn’t do anything, I just did some of my own things only.” Luo Feng said.

“No!”

The silver haired old man shook his head, “Luo Feng, this endeavor of yours has brought huge honor to our Black Dragon Mountain empire! The countless citizens of the empire are all proud because of you! You have given us immense contributions.”

“Immense contributions…” Luo Feng could only sit there and listen intently.

“Originally, the emperor wanted to give you a reward.” The silver haired old man looked at Luo Feng, “However, he stopped when I advised him to not give you one temporarily.”

Luo Feng looked a the sector lord before him, even more clueless than before.

“I advised his majesty…if Luo Feng is able to make it into the top 1,000 of the Ganwu universe country, then he’ll give you a galaxy!” The silver haired man said.

“A Galaxy?”

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god were all shocked.

“From what I know, your first planet territory is Earth. Hence, as long as you are able to make it into the Ganwu universe top 1000, then Milky Way galaxy under the Silverblue empire will be yours!” The silver haired old man carefully examined Luo Feng and his brother’s reaction. As he expected, Luo Feng and his brothers all revealed incredible shocked expressions.

The Milky Way? That was the territory of the silver blue empire.

“Relax, this is the Silverblue empire’s emperor Yi Wei. This matter is something the imperial family of the Silverblue empire has agreed upon.” The silver haired old man looked beside him A handsome white clothed man not too far away from him smiled and nodded at Luo Feng, “I too have been wanting to meet Mr Luo Feng. If Mr Luo Feng can manage the Milky Way galaxy, that would be our Silverblue empire’s honor.”

“Hm?” Luo Feng was stunned, suddenly he realized and understood.

Ganwu universe top 1,000?

One had to know that the Ganwu universe country had over a hundred million galaxies, on average! To be able to make it into the Ganwu universe top 1,000…the warriors would probably all at least have domains of level 9, some even had comprehension of the origin laws.

In the star level, and being so terrifying…

These sort of geniuses, as long as they didn’t die halfway and continued to grow, reaching the sector lord level was almost no problem! And these sort of geniuses who receive extra nurturing… they would become the strongest within the sector lord level!

A sector lord, would easily get a galaxy as a territory.

Right now it was akin to giving a future sector lord a galaxy as territory. Even if Luo Feng died along the way of becoming a sector lord the Black Dragon Mountain empire and the Silverblue empire naturally had their own ways to reclaim the Milky Way.

“This, this reward is too huge. At the same time, making it into the top 1,000 is incredibly difficult as well.” Luo Feng’s expression went ugly.

“Right.”

The silver haired old man Asuka nodded and sighed, “It is very difficult, our country’s martial strength is indeed weaker than the universe country’s other starfields. In the previous competitions, we didn’t even make it into the top 10,000, as for the top 1000, it’s been even longer since we even stepped into it. However Luo Feng, you have hope.”

“Here is some information that our empire has collected.” The silver haired old man pulled out a screen before him, he gently tapped it, “I’ll send these to you.”

“Information?”

Luo Feng was suspicious. Simultaneously, Babata alerted him that he received mail and there was an attachment on it.

“Even though the eliminations weren’t broadcasted, according to the names of the rankers, along with the already reputable strong star levels, we’ve collected quite a bit of information.” The silver haired old man smiled as he looked at Luo Feng, “We’ve made a record of a total of 827 of the absolute geniuses that made it through this elimination round. They are all very well known and reputable absolute geniuses in the Ganwu universe country. Take a look, this information may prove useful to you during the arena fights.”

“Oh?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Good stuff!

If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. After knowing the opponent’s trump cards and being prepared for the battle, his chances of victory were much better.

“Thanks.” Luo Feng thanked him.

“No need.” The silver haired old man smiled and looked back, “If you can make it into the top 1,000, I. Ah De Asuka will in fact have to thank you.”

“I’ll work hard.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Right, this is one of the hopes of our Black Dragon Mountain empire! Make it into the top 1,000 as you fight against the many geniuses from the other universe countries.At least, our Black Dragon Mountain empire will have someone who’s made it onto the universe humans big stage.” The silver haired old man’s eyes gleamed with a sense of hope.

He was a sector lord, and a very strong one at that.

However, even amongst sector lords there were differences. This sector lord, compared to Jiang Tian Chen, his position and power was much lower.

And Jiang Tian Chen, if compared to the virtual universe company leviathan’s specially nurtured from young absolute geniuses, his position would be much lower! For the virtual universe company to have that level of leviathan…their specially nurtured geniuses….they were nurtured to not only become undying, but the strongest among the undying!

Naturally…

These were all too far away! From the star level to undying, it was too far and difficult. Many absolute geniuses have been stuck in the sector lord pinnacle for tens of millions of years before finally dying from old age!

“Work hard, in the Ganwu universe arena, you represent the Black Dragon Mountain empire. Even more so when you battle against the peak of the other universe countries.” The silver haired old man anticipated.

“Right.” Luo Feng nodded.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god gathered and spent three days going through the information of the many warriors.

“8th world ranked 3rd? Stronger than me.” Hong’s expression was serious.

The screen before them was displaying footage, in it was a golden haired tall and sturdy man with a golden scale on his forehead. He used two huge blades and when he waved them, they would become blurry and the surroundings warped. Even though the blades were obviously there, when the opponent tried to block they would block only air.

One slash and the opponents would die.

This person’s light domain seemed even more terrifying than Hong’s.

“This is Savage? He is indeed very strong.” Luo Feng squinted, his eyes filled with excitement.

“Right, that’s him.” Thunder god nodded.

“Indeed very strong.” Hong’s expression grew even heavier.

Footage played continuously, many with words and information below. These were all the absolute geniuses’ information the Black Dragon Mountain empire had gathered. These geniuses, many of them were already well reputable even before the genius battle. They were already vied for and snatched up by many super organizations.

“This punk…” Thunder god stared.

A similarly bald strong looking man in the footage, actually used his fists as weapons as every punch was incredibly brutal and powerful.

……

Using 3 days to finish watching everything, made both participants of the arena fights, Hong and Luo Feng, begin to feel the pressure. There were indeed many strong warriors, as many as the clouds! They were only at star level, yet they were able to comprehend the origin laws, this was akin to a step to heaven. However, with the size and population of the entire Ganwu universe country, there were actually a few hundred such people.

……

Time passed and in the blink of an eye, the date of the arena fights had approached.

Chian time Year 2066, July 16th, the day before the arena fights, virtual universe, on one of the floating continents above the Ganwu continent, there was an enormous meeting hall.

The hall was extremely huge, with rows and rows of seating.

“This hall is really huge, it actually seats 100,000.” Hong laughed as he exclaimed, “The seats are very spacious too.”

“This is still average, in the Ganwu auction, the seating space for each person was incredible. And there were three million seats, you couldn’t even see the end of the Meeting hall.” Luo Feng said softly to Hong.

“Silence!”

A thick booming voice resounded. Immediately, the entire hall went silent. All that could be seen was a man dressed in a silver long robe who appeared at the highest podium at the front of the hall. His gaze swept past the 100,100 people below him. These were all the geniuses that made it through the elimination.

“The people that made it through the Ganwu universe country’s elimination, 100,100 of you.” The man in the silver long robe pointed beside him and immediately a screen appeared with images of people, “These 100 are the first of each world. Hence they immediately get awarded a spot in the final namelist, and are eligible to represent the Ganwu universe country and go take part in the pinnacle fights against other countries.”

“For the remaining 100,000. There are only 900 slots left on the list.”

“The arena battles…are separated into the arena war and the 1v1 battles.” The silver robed man continued to speak, “We’ll first eliminate 90,000 people through Arena war! The 100,000 will break into 1,000 groups and every group will have 100.” Each group will engage in mass battles on the arena and the final remaining 10 are the ones that will be considered to have passed the Arena war.”

“Once you’ve passed the arena war, there will be only 10,000 of you left!”

“These 900 slots, will be filled from these 10,000! After the war the 1v1 battles will begin.”

The silver long robed man’s gaze swept past the 100,100 geniuses below him, as discussions were rampant.

The arena war, actually eliminating 90,000 people at one go.

Too vicious!

“I heard.” Hong said softly, “That last time the Black Dragon Mountain empire was completely eliminated in the Arena war, without anyone making it into the top 10,000.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“During the elimination I barely made it into the top 1,001. This arena war’s elimination efficiency is extremely high.” Hong said softly, Luo Feng replied, “Big brother, in a war it’s really hard to say, you still have hopes of making it through the war. Then it’ll come down to the 1v1 battles.”

Hu!

Suddenly a screen appeared before every genius in the meeting hall, on it were numbers from 1 to 1000 etc.

“See the number before you? That is your group!” The silver long robed man roared, “Tomorrow will mark the beginning of the Arena war. The 1st 200 groups will start tomorrow and the entire war will last for 5 days and end after that.”

Luo Feng looked at the number before him, 382, while his big brother Hong beside was in group 161.

“I wish all of you will be able to make it through the arena wars.” The silver long robed man’s voice resounded throughout the entire meeting hall, “We’ll now send everybody off, go get prepared.”

Weng…

The 100,100 geniuses within the meeting hall all suddenly vanished.


Chapter 403: Elimination

China year 2066 July 17th, the date of the arena fights.

In the previous stage within the 100 worlds, there was no live broadcast. This led to the Ganwu universe country’s over 1.3 trillion star fields, with countless universe citizens being completely anxious and nervous. After all, they could only see the rankings and not the battle itself! The start of the arena fights however, was open for people to actually watch and spectate. This led to the sale of the arena tickets being extremely competitive as they were selling like hot cakes!

……

The Arena wars were separated into 1000 groups! And 200 groups would battle every day.

The firstt day was the 1st group to group 200.

The three Black Dragon Mountain empire participants that made it through the 1st round of elimination, Nabini, Hong and Luo Feng, of which Nabini was in group 32, Hong was in group 161 and Luo Feng in group 382. Hence both Nabini and Hong were in the arena wars on the first day, while Luo Feng’s group was scheduled for the second day.

The Virtual universe specially opened up a space with a vast endless river coursing through it. This extremely wide river that flowed through the entire space filled with islands. Every island had a dojo. These arena fights were to be held in these dojos.

Island 01932.

Within the dojo, there were countless spectators, and it was impossible to see the end of them. Amongst the spectators were Luo Feng, Hong, Thunder god and their families.

“There’s way too many people! Daddy, this dojo is huge!” Ping Ping who had his hair combed neatly as it parted down the middle exclaimed.

“The area of the dojo is about a hundred square kilometers.” Luo Feng smiled, “It can hold a maximum of 1 billion spectators.”

“1 billion?”

Ping Ping and Little Hai, the two children were shocked.

Actually, just a football stadium on earth could hold up to 100,000 people. In this kind of space created just by the virtual universe, with huge dojos on every island, while accommodating 1 billion people was an easy thing to do. Compared to a football stadium on earth, it’s area was at least a hundred to a few hundreds of times bigger in length and width.

“Sister in law.” Sitting behind, Xu Gang laughed, “This arena battle has just begun and we rushed to get the tickets, however we still failed to get any. Luckily you have tickets, otherwise we’d have to watch the broadcast!”

“It is very competitive. My office workers too haven’t been able to get tickets.” Luo Hua nodded.

“There’s over a hundred million galaxies in the entire Ganwu universe country. From each and every galaxy, even if just 10 people bought the tickets, it is more than enough for the tickets to become sold out.” Luo Feng said, “Naturally, the sale will be intense! Big brother and I made it through the elimination. Hence we have the privilege to buy first. This is the only reason we got a few tens of tickets.”

Just one ticket alone was hard to get!

The atmosphere in the dojo was incredibly passionate. A billion people from over a hundred million galaxies all gathered together, just what kind of scene was it? Fortunately it was in the virtual universe. If this was in the real world, just the number of staff members required to l manage them would be troublesome.

“Attention all!”

A sweet and clear voice resounded throughout the billion spectators’ ears.

The humans from Earth in the stands turned to look. Standing in the center of the dojo was a smoking hot brown haired young lady dressed in a tight armor. As the distance was too far…the spectators couldn’t even see her clearly. Hence, in mid hair a huge virtual image appeared, allowing the spectators to see clearly.

“The battle that’s about to begin, will be the 32nd group in the arena wars. Let me introduce the 100 geniuses from the 32nd group.”

1st, Long Suo, from the Boya empire. Previously,in the 82nd world, he was ranked 12.” The beautiful brown haired young lady’s clear voice resounded in the 1 billion spectators ears. Beside the current screen, a second screen floated in mid air and the image as well as simple information regarding the genius Long Suo was displayed.

“Long Suo!”

“Long Suo!”

The entire dojo suddenly burst out in cheers. All that could be seen was a large portion of the dojo was filled with people going crazy and cheering, shouting out loudly Long Suo’s name, their cheers resounded like thunder.

“2nd…”

“3rd…”

The geniuses were all introduced one by one. Finally that brown haired lady smiled and said: “Number 86, Nabini, from the Black Dragon Mountain empire. Previously, in the 21st world he was ranked 860.” Beside, the screen displayed Nabini’s image and information.

“Rumble…”

Luo Feng felt as though his surroundings had exploded or something. Cheers that rumbled even the mountains and seas were heard as a large portion of the spectators around him were excitedly cheering.

“Nabini!”

“Nabini!”

The cheers sounded as loud as thunder. Immersed in such an environment, it caused many to be unable to help but cheer and shout along. Ping Ping and Little Hai beside were waving their fists too, shouting till their faces turned red, “Nabini, Nabini!”

“Everybody’s cheering like crazy.” Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god all laughed.

The arrangement of the spectators was in accordance to the starfield they came from. Hence, Luo Feng’s surroundings were all spectators from the Black Dragon Mountain star field! And the participant geniuses and the various star fields they came from would all get special privileges when they bought the tickets. According to theory, with 1 billion tickets sold among the many star fields, every star field would not even get 100,000 tickets.

However…

If the star field had an active participant, then that star field was allowed 1 million tickets. Because of Nabini’s participation, the Black Dragon Mountain star field was awarded 1 million tickets. This was the reason why there were 1 million citizens from the Black Dragon Mountain empire in the audience. The previous cheers belonged to the other starfields. But now that the participant from the Black Dragon Mountain star field was announced, these 1 million people all excitedly shouted and roared.

1 million people cheering, it was like an ocean altogether.

“This Nabini is quite handsome.” Thunder god said softly and laughed.

Nabini had a pigtail, and his entire person seemed like a leopard.

“I’ve checked his background, it’s not bad.” Hong lifted his wrist and the screen on it displayed a bit of Nabini’s background.

“Oh?” Luo Feng looked at it.

Nabini was originally from an aboriginal planet, leading a savage life of eat or be eaten and battled against wild beasts from a young age. Actually, this planet was one of the territories of the Palace family, and it was specially used to cultivate special beasts that were used for training and war. Secretly monitoring this planet, the family… discovered that there was a child who actually had shocking power. They immediately knew he was a treasure!

They immediately sent people to take this Nabini aboriginal away. Since then, Nabini had stepped into the civilized ways of society and very quickly became a citizen of the empire. Somehow, he also became somewhat of a young master within the Palace family.

The Palace family, a business family that owned a few tens of life planet territory, was not much in the vast universe..

Ironically…

The Palace family had offended a few enemies and aggravated a few large and powerful families to attack them, and the enemies actually had universe level warriors. In a galaxy, a universe level warrior was considered the land’s emperor! The Palace family thus began to crumble. This battle however attracted the attention of a wandering sector lord.

During the battle, that sector lord had noticed that Nabini had amazing talent and immediately stepped in to stop the slaughter.

The sector lord’s intervention made it so that the enemy family were too terrified to even resist, hence the Palace Family survived.

The sector lord took in Nabini as his disciple and brought him to the Black Dragon Mountain sacred land. Since then, Nabini lived in the sacred land and the rate of his strength increase grew even faster. He was the Black Dragon Mountain sacred land’s most exceptional genius.

“Aboriginal?” Luo Feng exclaimed, “Actually we too are aboriginals.”

“Right.” Hong nodded.

“I realized that I have a good feeling about this Nabini.” Thunder god chuckled.

During Luo Feng and his brothers’ conversation, that beautiful lady in the center of the dojo was revving up the crowd and atmosphere, excitedly shouting, “Attention all! Attention all! The arena wars will begin immediately, Everybody, please countdown together with me for those in anticipation of this pinnacle genius battle, 10! 9! 8! …3! 2! 1!”

“Rumble!”

The entire dojo erupted and in the center human silhouettes appeared, it was the 100 geniuses that were introduced to everyone before from the different star fields.

“Nabini!”

“Qi Te La Ke!”

“Long Suo!”

Different cheers immediately erupted within the dojo. The cheers and roars of the dojo were almost like a shockwave. Luo Feng took one look and noticed Nabini amidst the 100. With a pigtail, his gaze was fierce, almost like a hunting cheetah. He carried two long and narrow blades on his back. He was also cautious and prudent as he paid attention to everybody.

“Let the war begin!” A low voice resounded within the 1 billion spectators and the participants minds.

Silence!

The dojo was suddenly silent, and the 100 geniuses in the center too made their moves immediately.

“Chi!”

“Xiu!”

Beams of lights lit up as the geniuses all dodged and moved swiftly. The unleashed domains too caused the entire dojo to be covered in multicolored radiance The colorful energy waves revolved about, and the geniuses were all either dodging and fleeing or exchanging blows. Everything was as fast as lightning.

The war was very dangerous, because one had to defend against sneak attacks.

“That Nabini is sly indeed.” From the spectators, Thunder god’s eyes gleamed.

“It doesn’t matter, every single one of them are just as clever.” Luo Feng’s eyebrows creased. The space in which the geniuses were battling in was constantly shrinking, forcing those on flying spirit weapons to have no way to flee far enough. the geniuses were constantly dying off. The number of deaths rose constantly.

8, 14, 29, 36…

This caused the 1 billion audience members of many star fields to watch with bated breaths, some even with long sighs. However, the intense battle still caused everybody to hold their breaths and not make any loud noises.

Nabini held his 2 blades and his entire person became a gust of wind as he madly defended against the enemy’s spirit weapon. When Nabini was engaged with this other spirit reader, from the distance another genius flew over, simultaneously controlling a cone spirit weapon to become a beam of lightning and shooting over!

“Hmph!”

With the lightning shooting over, Nabini dodged while using his left blade to block.

“Pa!”

The lightning caused Nabini’s left blade to be knocked away and he revealed a look of shock, “That strength, it’s too, too strong.” That lightning followed closely and pierced through his forehead.

Nabini diedd!

The number of deaths swiftly continued to rise, 73…78…82…89…90!

“The 32nd group arena war has ended. The number of dead and eliminated is 90, the remaining 10 have the right to enter the 900 slots namelist.” A low voice resounded within the 10 survivors and 1 billion spectators.

All the spectators in the stands finally let out all sorts of noises, be it sighs, rage or even excited cheers.

“Nabini has been eliminated.” Thunder god shook his head.

“His strength belonged to the lowest of the 100. The only reason why he survived past the 1st half was because he was sly and clever.” Hong shook his head, “Being eliminated too is normal. I’m afraid I wouldn’t do much better than him.”


Chapter 404: Light Ray

“Big brother, do you think I still don’t know anything about you?” Thunder god smiled, “I still remember back during the Great Nirvana, you and I both were young, and we met with danger time and time again. Even in the most dire of situations, you always made the impossible possible!”

“Don’t flatter me.” Hong said.

“Let it go, big brother, let them see the skills of us humans from earth.” Thunder god said, Luo Feng too was anticipating, watching Hong.

Hong looked at Thunder god before turning to look at Luo Feng.

“I can only try my best.” Hong revealed a smile.

The three from Black Dragon Mountain empire that made it through the elimination were able to participate in the arena war. Nabini however, had already been eliminated! One had to know that this arena war was broadcasted live. Among the trillions of people in the Black Dragon Mountain starfield that had watched this battle, many were enraged and broke wine glasses or bottles, and many more were angry and unsatisfied.

“That punk from the Bu Luo star field is too treacherous, he actually snuck an attack on Nabini!”

“That bastard!”

“Nabini shouldn’t have lost!”

“He should have been able to make it into the top 10,000.”

“In today’s arena war, our Black Dragon Mountain empire still has Hong. Hong will definitely win, he’ll definitely be able to make it into the Ganwu universe country’s top 10,000.”

“Brother, that Hong was among the lowest of the ranks that made it through the 1st elimination. For him to survive in the Arena, that’s going to be very hard! I think…Luo Feng has the biggest chance.”

“That Luo Feng will definitely make it through! As for Hong, he too will be able to do it! Who knows, maybe he purposely hid his true powers during the elimination.”

Virtual universe, Dojo number 10389.

About 3 hours after watching Nabini’s arena war, the 161st group battle in dojo 10389 was about to begin. The entire dojo was filled with cheers and roars, and the beautiful commentator was introducing every genius one by one with a small description.

“Number 93, Hong, from the Black Dragon Mountain empire, ranked 982 in the 72nd elimination world.” The beautiful lady introduced.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

In a particular region among the spectators, over a million people from the Black Dragon Mountain empire shouted loudly, almost as though they were declaring…this genius Hong was from the Black Dragon Mountain empire!

And amongst the cheering crowd, Luo Feng and Thunder god creased their eyebrows.

“Big trouble.” Thunder god said softly, “I didn’t expect that Savage would be there.”

“Right.” Luo Feng too held his breath and waited, as he worried for his big brother. Everyone was powerful, having been able to make it into the arena battles. Especially the group in which Hong was in, with the Savage that had killed his 2nd brother before.

Very quickly.

The countdown began and the dojo roared as a 100 absolute geniuses appeared in the center.

“Big brother.” Luo Feng picked him out with a single glance.

Within the dojo.

Hong carried in his hand the long pike, his gaze cautious as it swept his surroundings. This circular arena spanned a diameter of about 30 km. During the course of the battle…the space would constantly shrink, forcing the faster flying people to have nowhere to dodge After about 15 minutes, the area would shrink to a diameter of only 1m!

Hence…

Every arena war battle would at most last for 15 minutes.

“Amongst these 100, the strongest should be Savage.” Hong swept his gaze past the 99 others, his mind swiftly picturing the information he had seen before, “Also there are 3 others that are very strong.”

“First engage with the weaker ones and survive.”

“Then fight and risk it all after.”

Hong quickly remembered the information. He was very clear that if he fled far at the start…he would definitely become the targets of the absolute geniuses. It would be better for him to mix in the crowd at the start. As for surviving in this war…Hong was pretty confident.

“Let the battle begin!” A low booming voice resounded within everyone in the dojo’s minds.

With a shrinking area of 30 km, the arena would only have a diameter of 1m left in 15 minutes.

“Rumble!”

“Rumble!”

Mad amounts of energy flows erupted, the 100 geniuses within the dojo swiftly began their battles!

“Receive my blow!” That messy haired tall and sturdy youth roared. His bare feet only took one step and yet he managed to close a 100m distance. That fierce slash sliced towards a spirit reader, who didn’t seem to expect such speed from the opponent. He was shocked as he tried to dodge while using his spirit weapon to block.

“Clang!”

The short blade cut down! His power couldn’t be blocked!

It was akin to a mountain crushing down on one!

That spirit weapon was knocked aside and the short blade immediately sliced through that spirit reader’s head, causing it to split open into two.

“Haha…haha…” the tall and sturdy man laughed. Walking barefoot, every step he took allowed him to travel a large distance. His instant increase in speed was very fast, faster than even most flying spirit readers.

“Surround and kill him!”

“Everybody team up and kill him first!” Someone shouted.

“Xiu! Xiu!”

Two spirit weapons shot over.

“Dang! Dang!” The short blade moved in a waving motion, easily blocking the two spirit weapons and knocking them far away.

“Surround and kill me?”

The tall and sturdy youth was like a monster, actually travelling amidst the crowd, making the 10 or so that wanted to kill him unable to surround him. On the contrary, that youth very quickly settled half of that group. This Savage’s path…was simply a slaughter. Even though these 100 were all absolute geniuses, no one could actually match up against this Savage.

This battle, there was no doubt the most outstanding was Savage.

Other than Savage, there was a lady whose performance was also extraordinary., She was dressed in armor and was incomparably valiant! One could tell just from her figure…that this was an extremely sexy and hot beauty. However her aura and her gaze were filled with brutality. Also her kills were all clean, making it so that no one could tell that she was a lady!

“Chi chi…” Wielding the long pike, Hong was engaged in battles amongst a group of geniuses, one could only see geniuses falling down dead one after another.

Hong however was still alive!

“Ang!”

His pike was like lightning!

Swiftly and suddenly piercing through a genius’s forehead from the back. Hong’s expression after killing someone didn’t waver at all. He still remained amidst the crowd, as his pike danced around, seemingly normal. However, multiple attempts from many spirit weapons were unable to pierce his defense.

Time passed and the deaths rose to 60, 61, 62…

As the numbers shrank, the group battles too lessened.

“Hm?” That valiant lady stared straight at Hong. In the universe, there were many that used such pike weapons!

However, those that used pike weapons normally picked the hard and sturdy ones.

The one Hong used however seemed more flexible. The moment it began to dance around, it was like a huge snake, extremely peculiar.

“Interesting.” The valiant lady wielded her two blades and flew straight at Hong.

“Not good.” Hong’s expression changed.

During the group battles, he had long observed and come to the conclusion that within this group, that lady warrior was definitely one of the top 3. Only Savage was a little stronger than her. He didn’t expect her to start rushing towards him. However…since the enemy was rushing over, there was no way to dodge, he could only invite the battle!

“Ang!”

The pike revolved, just like a loach in water, swift and nimble as it immediately pierced towards that lady warrior that was rushing over!

“Interesting, interesting.” The lady warrior’s eyes were filled with excitement, as her body emanated a green energy. The waves wrapped around the two arc blades. She began to wave them and the blades danced about, slashing towards the tip of the pike, causing a formless revolving energy to be transmitted onto the pike.

“Hm?”

Hong’s expression changed abruptly and he immediately retracted his pike fiercely. As soon as he did that, with an explosive sound he raised the pike with his hand, and almost like an axe, he fiercely chopped down at the lady warrior.

“Peng!”

The lady’s entire being became a fierce torrent of water flow, as an arc blade fiercely received that strong attacking force from the pike, following which she stuck closely to Hong and continued her attack. In an instant Hong felt like he was almost sucked into a whirlpool,and unable to escape.

“This lady warrior already has some comprehension of the water origin laws, I’m in big trouble.” Hong was panicking.

The ancient chinese culture had always heavily emphasized the 5 elements of gold, wood, water, fire and earth. Even though Hong walked the path of the light domain, he had a very clear understanding about the laws of water. However, understanding it was one thing, whether he could actually outmatch her was another.

“If she’s like water, I’ll become like stone!” Hong didn’t have a choice, he grit his teeth and the surrounding light warped and his entire being became extremely glaring.

The pike’s speed immediately raised another gear.

Once the pike was fully unleashed, it was like a tortoise shell, without any openings at all.

“Dang! Dang! Dang!” The lady warrior’s water origin law infused slashes were all extremely heavy and powerful, giving off tremors that Hong felt as though they were impossible to block.

“If one had not stepped through the gateway of origin laws, one is useless after all.” Hong suddenly understood this logic.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

In the 1 billion filled dojo, many Black Dragon Mountain starfield people were very nervous.

And there were even more people watching through the broadcast.

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain island above, floating island, those that lived in the floating island were all at least a universe level.

On a particularly large but simple looking villa, within one of its living rooms.

A man sat there who was dressed in a dark red robe. There was a lightning mark on his forehead, this person…was one of the Black Dragon Mountain empire’s most powerful sector lords, Jiang Tian Chen! And beside him, there was a kind looking old man with a head full of white.

“This black clothed punk is from our Black Dragon Mountain empire?” The old man seemed interested, “His light domain, from the looks of it, seems to be level 6 or so. However he is really a genius at battle. His flexible but strong pike, is actually able to allow him to unleash his domain to this level. This is even comparable to those domain level 8 punks.”

Domain level 8, was not necessarily stronger than domain level 7.

It all relied on one’s ability to unleash its strength.

One theory.

Maybe one had a comprehension of the origin laws. However, what determine the strength in a battle was the knowledge of how to actually use the laws in battle.! For example Luo Feng, using the soaring shuttle when compared to the Nan Shen Armament…the power was completely different. That was because, through the Nan Shen Armament he was able to actually let his comprehension of the origin laws explode.

“Yes, Head general, he is from our empire.” Jiang Tian Chen said respectfully.

“Hm.” The old man smiled.

Head General…

That title, if any other sector lord from the Black Dragon Mountain empire heard that they would be shocked.

In the Three Axe Mountain organization, a sector lord’s rank was that of general.

And the Three Axe Mountain organization had 3 original founders. Only these three founders had the right to be called Head general.


Chapter 405: His Name is Luo

Three Axe Mountain, as a leader of the four large organizations within the Black Dragon Mountain star field, even the sacred land Black Dragon Mountain and Ice Leviathan sacred land wouldn’t be willing to mess with it, because of the three founding members of the Three Axe Mountain.

The three founding members were all awarded the domain lord “Huge Axe” title when they were young.

A domain lord Huge Axe Warrior, when compared to the universe level huge axe title, was much rarer, at least a thousand to ten thousand times rarer!

Although the three of them came from different star fields, they got along extremely well, even becoming bosom friends in life and death Because the three of them had the title of Huge Axe Warrior, they decided to build the organization Three Axe Mountain!

They were made of two men and one woman.

Their names were Lament, Molly and Luo!

Of the group, Lament and Molly both became undying. Only Luo, this legendary warrior from the Black Dragon Mountain empire remained stuck at the pinnacle of sector lords. However, he was known to be invincible amongst the sector lords. Ever since about 100,000 years ago, he vanished within the Black Dragon Mountain star field, and no one ever saw him again…

No one knew whether this third founder was alive or dead!

“He’s from our Black Dragon Mountain starfield?” This question revealed this Head General, the founding member from the Black Dragon Mountain empire!

The three founding members all came from different starfields!

And the one from the Black Dragon Mountain empire was Luo!

“Do you have this punk’s information?” The old man said.

“Yes.”

Jiang Tian Chen replied respectfully, very quickly sourcing out the information and said softly, “His name is Hong, he is close to the other 2 youths Luo Feng and Thunder god. Their rough information…they should be earth’s aboriginals from our empire’s Milky Way galaxy.”

“Aboriginals?” The old man’s eyebrows creased slightly.

“Right, however this is a conjecture from our Three Axe Mountain information department.” Jiang Tian Chen said, “Also, Hong, Luo Feng and Thunder god all took part in this time’s Genius battle, and the most outstanding isn’t even Hong, it’s Luo Feng.”

“There’s one even more outstanding?” the old man revealed a shocked expression.

“Yes. That Thunder god ranked 5,128 in the elimination, Hong was ranked 982, Luo Feng was ranked 51.” Jiang Tian Chen said respectfully.

The old man slightly nodded, looking at the screen before him that was broadcasting the arena war, he said shocked, “This Hong, in this critical time he actually broke through, his domain actually rose from level 6 to 7…oh…that lady unleashed her strength. What powerful blade techniques, continuous and unrelenting, heavy and powerful, that Hong cannot withstand it anymore, oh, what a pity, he still died. There’s no way around it, the difference in power was simply too much.”

Jiang Tian Chen was quite shocked.

Head General Luo rarely ever spoke so much, right now it seemed as though he really cared for this Hong.

Luo!

There was a legend in the Black Dragon Mountain empire, even the two sacred lands Black Dragon Mountain and Ice Leviathan, the two god leaders would show respect to Luo! Firstly, Luo’s two life or death buddies were undying. Secondly, Luo was indeed very strong, Jiang Tian Chen’s reputation was mostly only within the Black Dragon Mountain empire. Luo however, had a reputation enough to even make the million sector lords in the Ganwu universe country respect him.

If not for him getting distracted and working on the time origin laws, he probably would have become an undying long ago.

“Sigh.” Jiang Tian Chen looked at the old man before him, the elder Luo that led him by hand before, was sighing endlessly, “Is this life? The head general has changed his mind, not being over ambitious like before, wanting to perfect his light origin laws and breakthrough to the undying. However, he met with that unexpected calamity, getting stuck for over 800,000 years! Wasting the final most important bit of time…there’s only 20,000 years until he reaches the limit. Lord, how can you punish the head general this way…”

Jiang Tian Chen had a bitter taste in his mouth.

Of the three founders, Luo was the most exceptional back then, and also the most ambitious.

Man was helpless to the hands of fate…

The 161st group of the 1000 arena war groups, the battle was over!

The spectators let sighs.

Sitting in the stands with the other earth people, watching Hong’s body within the arena, they felt helpless.

“He still lost.” Thunder god shook his head helplessly.

“The opponent was indeed too strong.” Luo Feng shook his head, “Feeling some of the origin laws, one’s strength will have an absolute change. even though big brother lost rightfully, it’s still a pity.”

Yes, a pity.”

Hong had indeed done very well, even to the point of staying to the last 20 or so. However he, was killed by that lady warrior’s ultimate move.

“Let’s go, return home.” Luo Feng stood up.

“Thirdie, it’s all up to you now, of the three from the Black Dragon Mountain empire that made it through the elimination, only you are left.” Thunder god stood up, saying softly.

“Just me?”

Luo Feng’s ears moved, he could hear the discussions around him, this region was filled with over a million from the Black Dragon Mountain starfield. Obviously, Nabini’s and Hong’s straight failures had left the trillions of citizens in the Black Dragon Mountain star field sullen. Right now, all their hopes were transferred to Luo Feng. “Luo Feng will definitely win.”

“Right, he made it to rank 51 in the elimination! This arena war will definitely be an easy win!”

“Luo Feng is our empire’s most powerful genius!”

“Luo Feng is definitely hiding his true strength, his true strength must be even more powerful than his ranking, his sudden jump in the later parts of the 1st stage proves that he wasn’t even giving it his hall. Only towards the back did he begin to gain points. If he had started right from the beginning, he definitely had the possibility of rushing to the top 10 in his world, even the top three!”

“Well said, just like that!”

“Tomorrow Luo Feng will take part in the arena war, I’ve already bought my tickets.”

“Luo Feng will definitely wipe them all out.”

“Wipe them out!”

Many Black Dragon Mountain empire citizens who wouldn’t accept the losses were discussing. After all, the one they had the most hopes on from the beginning had always been Luo Feng!

……

“Third brother, I’ve lost. You have to work hard.” Hong said so.

“Thirdie, do as you deem fit.” Thunder god said.

“Even I can make it to such high ranks in the virtual games, my daddy is the strongest, he’s definitely the strongest in the Ganwu universe!” Little Hai said.

Luo Feng, work hard, our entire Black Dragon Mountain empire’s countless citizens are watching you.” This was what the Black Dragon Mountain empire’s emperor had said to him over the phone.

“Luo Feng! Luo Feng! Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng will definitely succeed.”

“He’ll definitely win.”

“Definitely win.”

The entire Black Dragon Mountain island, almost all of its citizens, the over a trillion citizens on the island cheered and roared through the night, some in bars, while others in plazas and public gatherings, hundreds of thousands to even millions of people gathering to watch the broadcasts!

Luo Feng…

The only Black Dragon Mountain empire citizen left within the genius battle. If he won, he would become the pride of the Black Dragon Mountain empire.

“Madness.” Luo Feng felt a stifling atmosphere.

“Daddy, the virtual games I play even have country wars. Our Black Dragon Mountain empire against the other empires!”

“Little Hai, that’s a virtual game.” Xu Xin laughed and said, “Your dad is doing the real thing.”

“Hm, to rank number 1 in a star field, even in the virtual game I am still an absolute warrior.” Little Hai said, a silent Luo Feng finally looked shocked at his son, “What game are you playing?”

“A war related game.”

Little Hai chuckled.

……

Night passed and the day began.

Even though countless from the Black Dragon Mountain star field were about to come to the arena and begin the madness, Luo Feng himself was standing alone in the wilderness of earth, on a skyscraper’s balcony in a dilapidated city, quietly sitting there.

“Caw!”

A group of flying type beasts, the blood crows flew high above. In this dilapidated city, beast sightings were common, only occasionally seeing human fighter tracks. However Luo Feng didn’t suppress and naturally unleashed all of his willpower and aura, naturally all the beasts and human fighters didn’t even dare to get close to him.

Quietly sitting on the balcony for awhile.

Luo Feng was controlling his mental state. According to the teachings of his 1st and 2nd brother, whether it was yoga or martial arts, they both heavily emphasized one’s mental state! Training of the mind was very important! However, in the universe there wasn’t anyone who talked about training the mind, one’s mental state may seem very trivial…without much effect on one’s battle ability at all. No matter how strong a normal human of earth’s mental state was, a universe level warrior could easily turn him to dust!

Exploding in rage, at times it allowed one to break past his limits and unleash more strength! However they may also cause one to lose his form!

This was mental state!

According to his brothers, from what they saw, the reason why both of them could have their domains at star traveller level was linked to their mental states. Thunder god could in an instant enter absolute peace, becoming one with nature, fusing with the elements. Hong too could in an instant become completely void, blending with his surroundings, combining all his senses , domains, and other things together to unleash his greatest strength.

Thunder god and Hong took decades of training to reach that level of mental calmness.

Luo Feng couldn’t do it…

“Emptying the mind and soul, I can’t do it. Because I’m under the influence of the golden horned beast’s bloodline, I’m constantly filled with killing intent. This is something deep in my bones.”

“However, 2nd brother is right.”

“Whether it’s rage, hurt, happiness, excitement, killing intent, they are all natural reactions. maintaining a pure mind, everything will happen naturally, when it’s time to laugh I’ll laugh, when it’s time to rage, I’ll rage.” Luo Feng thought, “Wanting to kill too is a naturally thing, with a pure mind, I’ll face it and accept it! Naturally I’ll be able to reach a point of pureness where all the elements will blend together.”

Luo Feng understood the theory, however when the killings really happen…

Luo Feng could at most maintain an ice cold state, without any rippling. As for pureness, blending with nature…that was very difficult, very difficult indeed.

“Luo Feng, the arena war is about to start, you should enter the virtual universe.”

“Phew!” Luo Feng opened his eyes, his gaze cold.

Not suppressing his killing intent anymore, naturally releasing it.

“Looks like you are different, has the meditation helped?”

Luo Feng didn’t answer, saying directly, “Connect to the virtual universe.”

……

Virtual universe, in the space where there were many dojos located, island number 29109, there was a dojo and in its preparation room, geniuses sat in chairs, all ready to slaughter, all of them were absolute warriors.

“Hu!”

A black haired man in a dark grey armor appeared from thin air.

In the preparation room, the geniuses all turned to look, this black haired man surveyed his surroundings and glanced at them, not speaking a word, immediately finding a seat and sitting down, closing his eyes, calming his mind, awaiting the battle to begin.


Chapter 406: Luo Feng Takes the Stage

Geniuses appeared one by one out of thin air within the preparation room. These were all geniuses from the different starfields in the Ganwu universe country. Their appearances were completely different and some even looked strange.

“Pushkin!”

“That’s Pushkin, and beside him is Ginelli!”

The originally quiet room suddenly had a bit of a commotion, causing Luo Feng to open his eyes and look at the two humans that had just appeared. One of them was tall and sturdy and his face was filled with golden fur. This 6m tall participant looked like a giant ape man, and his terrifying eyes glowed green in color. His two huge fists especially were comparable to the size of two giant metal hammers.

“Pushkin?” Luo Feng’s mind swiftly recalled through the data the Black Dragon Mountain empire had given him.

Pushkin, an absolute genius that the Ganwu universe country imperial family had nurtured. He favored using his fists and had the power to break into the universe country’s top 1,000. In the elimination, he was ranked 9th in the 89th world.

“Ginelli.” Luo Feng eyes shifted from the golden apeman to the short man beside him.

Even though he was referred to as being short, in truth this Ginelli still had a height of 1.9m, which is still taller than Luo Feng.

However, standing beside a two storey tall apeman Pushkin, naturally looked like a short person. Luo Feng didn’t have any information on Ginelli, because even the Black Dragon Mountain empire didn’t have any information on Ginelli.

“Pushkin, sit here.” Ginelli’s expression was thin and frail, his eyes cold, almost like a venomous scorpion, he gave off a feeling similar to Nuolan Shan.

“Good!”

A thick powerful voice came from Pushkin’s throat, even echoing about.

Ginelli and Pushkin walked directly towards Luo Feng and sat beside him, “Peng!” The chair Pushkin sat in wobbled. Luckily every preparation room had a huge amount of space, otherwise with his large structure, Pushkin would take up to 6 or 7 seats.

Pushkin and Ginelle sat down in the same row of seats that Luo Feng was sitting at.

“You.” Ginelli turned towards Luo Feng beside him and said coldly, “Sit further away! I don’t like people close to me,”

“You must be crazy!”

Luo Feng shot a glance at Ginelli and said coldly, following which he closed his eyes and never looked at him again.

“Hm?” Ginelli’s cold eyes suddenly burned with rage, staring hard at Luo Feng, almost like a snake eyeing its prey. However, in this preparation room, it was absolutely forbidden for anyone to make a move. As such, Ginelli could only scoff coldly and close his eyes.

Suddenly the noise from the dojo outside could be heard within. “Attention all, the 382nd group of the arena wars is about to begin. Let me first introduce this group’s 100 participants.” A clear crisp voice resounded not only throughout the entire dojo, but could also be heard clearly within the preparation room, following which a wave of cheers followed.

“First, Pushkin, from the Ganwu universe country, ranked 9th in the 89th world of the elimination stage!”

Thunderous cheers erupted, causing the entire preparation room to tremble.

“That’s pushkin?”

“Right, that’s him, his fists are extremely terrifying, don’t ever get close to him.”

There was soft discussion within the room.

“Number 2, Ginelli, from the Ganwu universe country, ranked 21 in the 13th world of the elimination stage!” The commentator’s voice, every genius within the room could hear very clearly. Only then did Luo Feng open his eyes and glanced at the gold armored, cold looking youth beside him.

This Ginelli, who was actually able to be ranked number 2 within this 100 people, he was very strong.

“3rd…”

“4th….”

“5th, Luo Feng, from the Black Dragon Mountain empire, ranked 51st in the 1st world of the elimination stage.”

The cheers were thunderous, as over a million supporters from the Black Dragon Mountain empire roared.

Black Dragon Mountain island, over 1,000 people gathered in a luxurious palace.

Dressed in a dark golden imperial robe, the emperor sat high above. Below him was the entire Black Dragon Mountain empire’s many imperial subjects. Because of the everlasting reign of the imperial family, the numbers of subjects within the empire were up to a hundred million. Hence to be able to enter this level of imperial gathering, they were definitely the imperial family’s most elite.

They were either sector lords or domain lords.

There were even queens that governed and managed different sectors, or that group of princes that would someday succeed the throne. Or some other high positioned females in the imperial family.

“It’s Luo Feng.”

There was silence in the palace. Over a 1,000 of the imperial family watched that floating large screen and on it was the live broadcast. All that could be seen was that beautiful commentator smiling as she introduced, “5th, Luo Feng, from the Black Dragon Mountain empire, ranked 51st in the 1st world of the elimination stage.” Simultaneously, the screen also had information and an image of Luo Feng.

“It’s Luo Feng!”

“Haha, Luo Feng will easily pass the arena wars battle.”

“Looking at his image, this Luo feng isn’t some ordinary person. His gaze is filled with killing intent.”

……

There was discussions rampant throughout the palace, as all of them were speaking highly of Luo Feng. Who would dare to speak ill of him? This was the highest of imperial gatherings…this genius battle. The geniuses of the Black Dragon Mountain empire were only left with this one seedling, Luo Feng. If he lost too, then the Black Dragon Mountain empire would really lose all its honor and face.

With successive outs from the previous two participants who did not make it into the top 10,000, while other middle level civilization countries had participants that had made it through, it obviously made them fall behind by quite a bit.

“haha…” The emperor’s laugh was clear and bright.

With all his subjects complementing Luo feng, there was however one prince out of the many whose eyes were filled with shock. This was none other than the 9th prince Brolin.

Out of the over 1,000 subjects there, Brolin looked happy on the outside, but he could barely hold it in, as he had already realized the perilous situation he was in, “This Luo Feng…it’s, it’s actually him?” Even though the reputation of Luo Feng was huge, as the elimination stage wasn’t broadcasted, there was much information about these geniuses that the outside world didn’t know.

Only some large powers were able to dig up these details.

For example the Black Dragon Mountain empire had sent a special envoy team, just like how some large organizations had also sent some people over to pay Luo Feng a visit. These were all because these powers had methods to find Luo Feng through the virtual universe company and thus his address within the virtual universe.

However…

Brolin, who was only a prince, was forbidden from any of the empire’s information systems and mail systems. Hence, he didn’t even know Luo Feng’s appearance.

“Luo Feng, he is Luo Feng?” Brolin grit his teeth, “Big trouble.”

Finding trouble with Luo Feng?

He no longer any such ideas, because he was very clear that with Luo Feng’s reputation he could easily join some super organizations that could cause even the Black Dragon Mountain empire to fear. He didn’t want to mess with Luo Feng anymore. However, he was worried that Lou Feng would remember how back then he had sent people to use the laser guns to kill the 12 targets, and also sent a team to chase and kill Luo Feng. Would he remember these incidents and hold a grudge?

“Hmph, I’ll temporarily not mess with him. As long as i am within the imperial city, he doesn’t have the ability to mess with me.” Brolin grit his teeth.

Above the palace.

The emperor was sitting beside the two sector lords and chatting.

“Bu Te Asuka, what chance does this Luo Feng have?” The emperor couldn’t help but say softly.

“Pretty big chance, but there’s still danger.” Beside him the silver long bearded old man creased his eyebrows, “Your majesty should know that of the 100,100 that made it through the elimination, close to a half of them are the special elites specially nurtured by the different imperial families of the universe country.

“Hm.” The emperor nodded.

The country leader of the Ganwu universe country had sent over a hundred million elite geniuses to participate. There were a total of over 800 million people in the 1st stage, this group didn’t stand out much. However, among those that made it through the elimination stage, over 40,000 of them were from the group that the Ganwu universe country leader sent. It was very obvious that the universe country’s imperial family had powerful geniuses and inside information!

“The top ranker within Luo Feng’s group right now is Pushkin, followed by Ginelli. Of the top 10 in this group, 6 of them are all elites specially nurtured by the Ganwu universe country’s imperial family.” The old man shook his head, “The worst case scenario would be for Luo feng to get surrounded and ganged up on.”

“Royal uncle, do you see?” The emperor looked at the other sector lord beside him.

Also dressed in a dark golden imperial robe, the uncle smiled: “Your majesty, worrying right now is useless, and we are not even clear about this Luo Feng’s true power. Just watch! The fights will begin very shortly.”

“Just watch?”

The emperor could only nod.

On island number 29109, the dojo was already filled with a sea of people.

“Daddy is number 5. Mommy, are the 4 before daddy stronger than him?” Ping Ping asked curiously.

“That’s the ranking.” Xu Xin smiled, “The 4 before him are ranked higher but their strengths may not be more powerful than your daddy.”

“Oh.” Ping ping nodded.

Beside Little Hai was muttering: “Daddy is the strongest, the strongest.”

Around him sat many people from earth, such as Hong and thunder god with their families along with Luo Feng’s parents etc.

“Third brother will definitely win.” Hong stared at the center of the dojo.

Thunder god stared too.

Right now, of the three brothers only Luo Feng was left in this genius battle.

“6…5…4…3…2…1!” The beautiful commentator shouted excitedly, as the entire atmosphere in the dojo reached its peak.

Rumble!

The entire dojo roared and tremored. The beautiful commentator immediately vanished, and at the same time 100 human silhouettes appeared within the center at different positions. It was the 100 geniuses that were being introduced, some were really tall and fit, while others were filled with fur, or had horns. It seemed like their appearances all differed.

However, the similarity was they stood at the peak of humanity!

“Pushkin!”

“Kun!”

“Luo Feng!”

The cheering alone could split the mountains and earth. The roars from a billion spectators seemed like it could shake and crumble the entire dojo itself.

Within the dojo.

Including Luo feng, the 100 geniuses all heard the cheers of the 1 billion people and couldn’t help but feel a surge of adrenaline. Looking around, there was no end to these spectators who were all from different starfields. And Luo Feng was able to pick out those shouting his name and looked towards the direction.

“That way, that’s the people from the Black Dragon Mountain empire.” Luo Feng looked in that direction, it was a blur of people.

Silence.

Within the battle arena, there was nothing but silence. The 100 geniuses all gathered their focus as this battle would last only 15 minutes. Within these 15 minutes, the battle space would constantly shrink until there was only 1m left.

“Let the battle begin!”

A low voice immediately resounded within the minds of the 1 billion spectators along with the 100 geniuses in the dojo.


Chapter 407: Earth Shattering

“Pushkin!”

“Pushkin!”

The spectators within the dojo all shouted different names excitedly, amongst which the name Pushkin was the loudest. Amidst these spectators, there was an enormous group of strong looking ape men that were roaring at the top of their lungs. Their voices were thick and booming. A group that couldn’t be seen from end to end with one glance as over a million ape men were waving their fists and roaring. It was almost as though the heavens was cheering along. Compared to the over 1 million people from Black Dragon Mountain empire, their voices seemed to be drowned out.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

All sorts of colorful energy flow exploded within the dojo. Of these 100 geniuses, 48 of them were from the Ganwu universe imperial family side. However only 10 survivors were destined to make it out of this battle. Even though the battle within the arena seemed chaotic, there were always participants who had a mutual understanding to team up. Especially amongst the strongest like Pushkin and Ginelli, who were definitely helping each other!

“Ao Fei Xiu Si, Kazan, you two go and kill that black haired punk.” Ginelli was surrounded by a black energy flow. He communicated via genetic energy, simultaneously brandishing two long arc blades.

“Understood.”

“No problem, leave it up to us.”

Ao Fei Xiu Si and Kazan immediately headed towards Luo Feng. At this time, the mass battles within the dojo of geniuses had already begun.

“Xiu!” A bolt of lightning shot towards Ao Fei Xiu Si.

“Bastard.” Ao Fei Xiu Si and Kazan could only stop and first deal with the punks that provoked them.

Pushkin, who was dressed in a genetic energy armour, was tall and sturdy like a war god. His two fists that were even bigger than hammers were covered in malevolent gloves. His surroundings were filled with a yellow energy flow. With one step he rushed into the group of geniuses and his huge fist pummeled towards a weak and frail looking warrior.

“Peng!” With just one punch the enemy’s blades flew away, while the second fist was landing straight on the enemy’s forehead.

Death!

The war god like Pushkin waved his fists. With one swing after another, they were not only as heavy as mountains, but fast and unpredictable as well. They sometimes became pointy claws, and the moment he drew close to a person it was simply a nightmare. Pushkin…within the blink of an eye, he had killed two geniuses, causing all the other geniuses around to increase their distance from him. However his movements were swift. Every single step allowed him to lunge forward and close a large distance.

At this time it wasn’t just Pushkin, even Ginelli and the others were all making their moves.

In the distance.

Stepping on the soaring shuttle, Luo Feng was carrying a thick dark golden long rod on his back. Amongst the many geniuses, he was considered skinny, however he had an aura that made the other’s hearts palpitate. Luo Feng’s gaze was cold and filled with killing intent. “Right now, there are still many opponents, there’s no time to waste. I have to end this battle fast. Kill them all directly!”

“Kill!” A youth surrounded by a green energy flow, carrying a shield and an axe rushed straight towards the closest opponent, Luo Feng!

“Courting death!”

Floating in mid air, the dark golden long rod on Luo Feng’s back suddenly shot out a golden beam of light. At the same time the light shot out, a large amount of complex golden patterns followed along its trail, infused with peculiar golden law origin ripples, a dreamy golden blade was suddenly formed. The large amount of golden energy surrounded Luo Feng, wrapping itself around that golden blade, and finally shooting out.

“Illusion blade technique!” Luo Feng controlled it with all his willpower, using his full strength to unleash its greatest power.

The 1st move he made at the arena war!

Luo Feng had already taken out his full strength!

“Rumble!”

A golden rainbow immediately clashed into that youth’s shield which was put up last minute. With a loud clang, the youth’s bones in his arm cracked and broke just from the impact. “How…” The youth’s eyes were filled with shock and fear. However that golden rainbow suddenly curved slightly and shot towards his forehead!

Chi!

The golden rainbow shot right through his forehead. Its strength and speed infused with terrifying piercing power didn’t seem to slow down at all as it followed a pattern and rushed towards the next genius.

“What!” That beautiful bewitching lady with purple hair had a surprised look on her face and almost couldn’t react in time. She hurriedly controlled her spirit weapon to block.

“Dang!”

“Chi!”

The golden rainbow was extremely powerful and strong as it forced its way through the defenses, hitting straight into the flying weapons, after which it pierced through that purple haired lady’s forehead. The golden rainbow finally arced and returned to Luo Feng’s side. This golden rainbow… was actually a blurry illusionary golden blade.

“My god!”

“So powerful!” The surrounding geniuses were all filled with shock and fear as their expressions changing greatly.

With just one move, he killed two geniuses back to back!

One had to know that these were all powerful geniuses that had made it through the first elimination. Everyone of them was considered to be at the pinnacle of strength at their levels, and definitely not some random cannon fodder. Even Pushkin had to focus all his strength on one opponent before actually heading on to the next.

But the black haired youth before them, with just one golden beam of light, he was immediately able to kill two people. This was extremely tyrannical!

“He’s that strong?”

“Origin laws? He definitely has some comprehension of the origin laws.”

“Ginelli that bastard! He actually wants us to kill him, how can we kill him!” Ao Fei Xiu Si and Kazan, who were originally flying towards Luo Feng but got distracted by others attacking them , just managed to kill their opponents. However, after watching Luo Feng kill the two geniuses consecutively with one golden light, the both of them quickly stopped.

“Let’s go.” The two of them turned to leave. Who would dare mess with Luo Feng.

It was obvious…

This black haired youth was a warrior that had stepped through the entrance of the origin laws and his power was probably even crazier than Pushkin!

“Those two.” Luo Feng’s gaze swept around after killing the two geniuses and discovered the two closest geniuses Ao Fei Xiu Si and Kazan. He immediately stepped on his soaring shuttle and swiftly flew towards them! As a warrior who’s stepped through the entrance of the origin laws, his speed at controlling the soaring shuttle was extremely shocking.

“He’s coming!” Ao Fei Xiu Si and Kazan’s expressions changed.

A resplendent golden rainbow immediately shot towards them. Kazan who was flying behind quickly waved the huge axe in his hand.

“Clatter!”

Kazan could only feel an immensely incomparable amount of energy transfer over from his axe. The right handle immediately bent and broke, simultaneously his right hand grew numb and unable to hold on to the axe. That golden rainbow simply shot like a bullet right through his forehead, and continued to chase after the fleeing Ao Fei Xiu Si.

The golden illusion blade was too fast, he couldn’t even get far.

“It’s over.” Ao Fei Xiu Si’s eyes revealed shock and unwillingness, after which it was filled with hate as he stared at the distant Ginelli’s shocked face, communicating hatefully, “Ginelli!!!”

Chi!

The golden illusion blade that was infused with the golden origin laws, was as strong and piercing as the sun, even though Ao Fei Xiu Si was ranked extremely high in his world during the elimination stage, he was still easily killed!

……

The spectators were all silent, Pushkin massacring was within everyone’s predictions, after all he was ranked the highest in his group. However the 1 billion spectators from the various starfields had never expected…this Luo Feng who was ranked number 5 in his group was actually so intrepid. Even more so than that War god like Pushkin!

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng!”

Over 1 million spectators from the Black Dragon Mountain empire all stared wide eyed with glee, many roaring with excitement as their eyes filled with madness.

“Daddy! Daddy!” Little Hai and Ping Ping both stood up on their chairs, shouting with all their might.

“Third brother.” Hong and Thunder god stood up too.

“Big brother sure is powerful.” Luo Hua couldn’t help but mutter softly.

“Your brother in law…” Xu Gang stared wide eyed. Beside him Xu Xin too was filled with excitement, her eyes glued to the center of the arena.

And around then the over 1 million people from the Black Dragon Mountain empire too had lost it.

This was the unexpected surprise Luo Feng had given to countless from the Black Dragon Mountain empire. They all shouted for Luo Feng’s victory as they were mesmerized by Luo Feng’s strength. In the past, they didn’t have anything to back up their words. After all the results of the battles from the Black Dragon Mountain empire from the past had always been poor, they had nothing to support them. However now…

They had the right to roar! They had the right to boast proudly!

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng!” They all madly roared, excitedly cheering, shaking the entire earth and heavens.

Within that luxurious palace on Black Dragon Mountain island, the Black Dragon Mountain empire’s imperial family were all staring hard at the screen.

They saw Luo Feng unleash his strength, killing the two geniuses in an instant, and chasing and killing the other two right after. As they watched the other geniuses who were all scared silly, all fleeing far and not daring to approach Luo Feng, the entire palace erupted.

The emperor fiercely slapped the throne, shouting out: “Good!!!”

“Congratulations your majesty, congratulations.” Immediately the people below shouted.

“Royal father, this Luo Feng is obviously the strongest one there. After this battle, who would dare call our Black Dragon Mountain empire weak?” The third prince was the first to stand, shouting proudly.

“Nan Shen Armament.” The silver haired old man Bu De Asuka said.

“Right, it’s the Nan Shen Armament.” Beside him the royal uncle nodded too.

“Nan Shen Armament?” The emperor was shocked, “One of the 9 god weapons of the controller, that Nan Shen Armament? That dark golden long rod, I initially thought it was a close combat rod like weapon.”

The silver haired old man Bu De Asuka said, “Just now what Luo Feng used was…the first move, the illusion blade of the Nan Shen Armament. Looking at how he used it, he obviously has a good grasp of the first level. To be able to unleash it like that at the star level, he could be said to be invincible within the entire star level. Even within the Ganwu universe, the number of people who are able to match up to Luo Feng are extremely rare.”

“Right, to be able to unleash the first level, one has to have a comprehension of the golden origin laws.” The royal uncle beside said, “Meaning…Luo Feng is a genius that has stepped through the gateway of the origin laws. And according to the estimate of the genius battle, within the Ganwu universe, the number of geniuses that have stepped through the origin laws gateway is only about a hundred.”

“And the arena wars are split into 1,000 a group.”

“The chances of another with origin laws comprehension appearing is extremely rare.”

“Unless there’s another absolute warrior like Luo Feng who didn’t reveal his true strength in the first elimination stage. Just like the last time when Hong took the stage, that lady warrior was definitely one who stepped through the gateway of the origin laws. However, her rank was still only in the tens, creating a chance for both the warriors who had comprehended the laws to meet.” The royal uncle emphasized.

Indeed.

Back during the hundred world elimination stage, every world had a few with origin law comprehension, like Luo Feng and Windmill. However they confined themselves to their own city.f the two had wandered about into other cities, and defeated the absolute warriors from there with their strengths, these two could have easily rushed into their world’s top 10.

The moment they made it into the top ten.

According to their ranking, Luo Feng and Pushkin would definitely not have been in the same group!

……

Within the arena.

Ginelli could only hear that rage filled roar from Ao Fei Xiu Si resound within his ears: “Ginelli!!!” and Ginelli didn’t even have time to think about his death, his gaze fixed on the distant Luo Feng, within he was filled with shock and rage, “This insolent punk, he actually, actually…”

After killing both of them, Luo Feng turned and his cold gaze fixed on Ginelli.


Chapter 408: Avoiding the Battle

These geniuses were all scared away by Luo Feng’s unreasonable and powerful strength. Hence, he was left with nobody around him as they all avoided him at great lengths…causing Luo Feng to have to look for his own prey. His gaze immediately landed on the distant cold demeanored gold clothed youth Ginelli. Ginelli too was looking over at the time.

“Sit further away!” In the preparation room, that Ginelli had coldly berated Luo Feng. That scene immediately popped up in Luo Feng’s mind.

Since it was that way…

The next prey, will be him.

“Kill!” Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with killing intent.

Sou!

The soaring shuttle became a beam of light and shot towards Ginelli.

“Bastard! how could I randomly meet such a powerful one.” Ginelli grit his teeth and thought as he was filled with hatred. However, as one of the elites nurtured by the Ganwu universe imperial family, he was very clear of the difference between a warrior who had stepped through the gateway of the origin laws compared to one who hadn’t. Hence he clenched his teeth and turned around to flee, “Pushkin, Pushkin!”

Like a wargod slaughtering his way through the crowd, Pushkin creased his eyebrows.

“That black haired punk wants to kill me.” Ginelli communicated, “Help me block him.”

“You really know how to stir up trouble.” Pushkin said with a thick low voice, resounding within Ginelli’s ear.

According to power and rank in this group, Pushkin was number one while Ginelli was number two.

Since they came from the same group, Ginelli had long ago roped Pushkin in and made a deal with him.With the two of them working together, they would easily pass the arena wars. Originally, a team made up of the top two within a group would have been able to automatically pass the arena wars. This was almost something set in stone.

It couldn’t be helped that Ginelli had messed with Luo Feng!

If Ginelli hadn’t riled him up earlier, even though Luo Feng was strong, he still wouldn’t willingly go pick a fight with both the number one and two of the group. Afterall, you only needed to make it till the top 10 of the group, he didn’t need to risk it all.

However now…

Rumble!

Pushkin took one step and rushed straight before Ginello, his huge eyes glowing green as he stared at Luo Feng, communicating, “Ginelli was wrong, however we don’t have to fight it out. If you spare Ginelli’s life, we can all pass the arena wars!”

Luo Feng stood on the soaring shuttle and looked at the giant before him.

Pushkin , who was two storeys tall stood before him like a building, and compared to that Luo Feng seemed like a small child.

“Pushkin!”

Luo Feng stared coldly at his opponent and roared, “Make way!” Pushkin however seemed enraged, as though prepared to say something.

“Hmph!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed and flashed.

Rumble!

The gold rainbow immediately shot directly towards him and Pushkin’s expression changed greatly. Roaring while waving his right fists which was wrapped in an earthen yellow energy flow, the movement of his hand was almost like moving a mountain, seemingly slow yet it actually managed to block Luo Feng’s golden rainbow. All that could be heard was a earth shattering rumble and clash.

Pushkin was forced back closed to 10m, as he grit his teeth and stared at Luo Feng.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was taken aback, “The data on this Pushkin said he hadn’t stepped through the gateway of the origin laws. Looking at him right now, that seems to be true. However, with a domain level 9, he’s actually able to produce such strong power.”

Even at domain level 6, Hong could still kill an enemy with a domain of level 7.

The factors that determine a victor in a battle were not only because of genetic energy, boundaries and origin laws, but also willpower, mental state, experience etc. If one simply didn’t have any willpower or heart to resist, he wouldn’t be able to unleash even half of his strength. While if one has a strong battle spirit and is extremely passionate along with a powerful willpower, he could exceed his standards and unleash more than his actual power!

And Pushkin’s, who had a domain level 9, was able to reach rank 9 in the 89th world. Considering this, his battle strength alone was indeed shocking.

However there was still a huge difference between one who had stepped through the gateway of the origin laws and one who hadn’t!

“Pushkin, you are not my match. Make way, otherwise you won’t even be able to make it through the arena wars.” Luo Feng stood on the soaring shuttle, coldly looking down at Pushkin and spoke to him.

To actually kill Pushkin.

He estimated it would take quite a bit of time. By that time more people would have died in the arena, and the moment only 10 were left, the battle would be over. It could very likely result in Ginelli escaping and surviving.

“Hmph!” Pushkin clenched his fists and stared hard at Luo Feng once with his big green eyes before biting down fiercely and heading away towards the distant group of geniuses who were still battling.

“Pushkin!”

Hiding in the back, Ginelli roared urgently via genetic energy.

“Argh argh argh!!!” Pushkin roared madly while waving his fists about and killing the geniuses one by one.

“Hmph.” Luo Feng looked at Ginelli.

Everything was going according to his plan. Within this group of 100, he was the only one who had stepped through the gateway of the origin laws. As he was also using the Nan Shen Armament, with just one move Luo Feng could tell that Pushkin was already injured. If he had continued to fight on, Pushkin would definitely die without doubt.

Luo Feng didn’t want to waste any more time on Pushkin.

Pushkin didn’t want to let himself die because of Ginelli either. Hence he chose not to fight as it was the best option for him.

“Bastard.” That Ginelli cursed under his breath while fleeing as fast as he could.

“Fleeing?”

Luo Feng quickly chased after him with the soaring shuttle.

“So fast?” Ginelli’s expression changed drastically.

Once one comprehended the origin laws, whether it was based on attack, defense, flight or movement, these areas would all have great improvements. Luo Feng had caught up with Ginelli in the blink of an eye.

“Scum!” two long arc blades. He had a complicated struggling expression as he shouted “Go and die!”

Hu!

With a step, the space itself seemed to warp around him as Ginelli suddenly rushed towards Luo Feng.

“Light domain?” Luo Feng scorned coldly, swiftly retreating.

“First technique!”

Luo Feng’s gaze was cold.

Compared to some who had stepped through the gateway of the origin laws, Luo Feng was even more intrepid. That was because the laws that he had comprehension of could be completely unleashed through the Nan Shen Armament!

“Rumble!”

The golden rainbow shot like a beam of golden light and attacked Ginelli in an instant.

“Clang!!!”

Ginelli crossed his blades and pushed them forward. Following that one clash, his entire body and throat trembled from the shock as he spit out fresh blood that was rising up his throat. “Just like the absolute geniuses in the Ganwu secret areas, once one had a comprehension of the gold origin laws, they would indeed have a crazy amount of power.”

“He actually blocked it?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

“Rumble!” the golden rainbow shot once again towards him.

“I cant block it head on, however I have no other choice. At the same time, it’s too fast and I have no time to dodge it.” Ginelli thought hard to come up with a solution. He could only use his two blades to block it again. However this time his arms had already weakened and he was already injured from the first blow.

“Peng!”

The two blades were immediately knocked away, while the golden rainbow slightly arced and pierced right through the pale looking Ginelli, right through his forehead!

His head exploded!

Ginelli died! Completely Eliminated from the tournament!

This scene caused the distant Pushkin, whose face filled with golden fur, to twitch his facial muscles “That Ginelle actually only managed to block it one time and died the moment Luo Feng’s second attack was unleashed. And Ao Fei Xiu Si couldn’t even block it once. It’s too… too, i’m afraid I would only be able to block it four or five times at most. This bastard, is too strong!”

Gold, was as bright and strong as the sun, incomparably sharp!

In terms of force matching force, the people with the gold origin laws were the most valiant.

The entire battle lasted only about five minutes and the number of survivors had already reduced to 10.

The battle was over!

“This madman, that bastard is a madman.”

“That black haired punk, just who is he?”

The surviving geniuses all looked at Luo Feng with hidden fear. However many of them didn’t even know Luo Feng’s name. Because, during the introduction…they were all in the preparation room and did not get the chance to see Luo Feng’s image. Actually, Luo Feng too didn’t know most of the participant’s name.

It is more accurate to say that he only knew Pushkin and Ginelli’s name.

Their reputation was huge.

And Luo Feng’s fame compared to theirs was very small.

“The 382nd group of the arena wars, 90 have been eliminated and the remaining ten will have the right to contend for the spot in the 900 slots of the namelist.” A low voice resounded with the minds of everyone in the dojo.

The other nine survivors, including Pushkin all looked at the black haired youth carrying the dark golden long rod filled with killing intent.

If one said that the most fearless in Hong’s group was Savage.

Then this group’s most fearless person was undoubtedly the Madman Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng!”

The over one million Black Dragon Mountain star field spectators roared with a lot of passion and enthusiasm. All of them were shouting with strength and hysteria, their expressions seemingly mad, and not even caring at all about their throats! The entire dojo, the ones who had the most right to roar like that were the people from the Black Dragon Mountain star field. Their roar shook the earth and heavens.

“He is Luo Feng?” As they were being teleported out, the nine other survivors began to discuss and guess.

Eruption!

The Black Dragon Mountain imperial palace had erupted!

The entire Black Dragon Mountain island’s trillion citizens all erupted!

The entire starfield’s over 8,000 galaxies, countless people watching the broadcast, all erupted!

“Too brutal, too powerful.”

“Luo Feng is too fearless.”

“Thrilling, thrilling!”

“Strong!” He is a genius from our Black Dragon Mountain starfield. Yes, from our Black Dragon Mountain starfield!!!”

The countless people from the empire were incomparably excited.

In the past 100,000 to a million years, there were indeed several times the Black Dragon Mountain empire had people rush into the top 10,000, which was worthy of their excitement and pride. However after making it into the top 10,000, it was mostly based on luck. It had been a long time since the Black Dragon Mountain empire had such a tyrannical display of power from its warriors in such an elite battle ground!

Yes, brutal! Savage!

In this arena wars, I’m the number one man! I’ll kill whomever I want! I will create a path of slaughter! Even the wargod like Pushkin had to lower his head and cower away!

In the arena!

Luo Feng was the king! The emperor!

The others all had to lower their heads!

“Too thrilling.”

“Luo Feng’s power is too dominating. It was a total decimation with no resistance at all! Those weaker ones were simply cleared away with one move.”

“I heard Luo Feng uses the Nan Shen Armament, don’t you know what that is? That’s one of the nine godly weapons for the spirit reader controllers.”

“After the arena wars comes the 1v1 battles. Luo Feng’s strength will definitely be able to make it into that 900 namelist.”

“Luo Feng will definitely be able to represent the Ganwu universe country and compete with the other geniuses from the other universe countries. Haha, Luo Feng is from our Black Dragon Mountain empire!”

Madness.

Much news regarding Luo Feng began to circulate, including many fanclubs that swiftly began to form in order to support him. In many virtual universe games, there were many “I love’ you Luo feng”, or “Luo Feng the master”, or “Luo Feng’s wife”, or “I am Luo Feng’s senior”, even “I am Luo Feng’s master”, such nicknames surfaced all over.

During this battle, Luo Feng’s strength had won over a trillion people.


Chapter 409: Life Changing Decision

Black Dragon Mountain island, within a luxurious palace.

“Endless possibilities in his future.” The silver haired old man exclaimed, “This Luo Feng’s future…is very hard to predict.”

“Right.” That royal uncle also nodded his head.

“Is there no way for us to get him into the sacred land?” Sitting in the center, the emperor asked softly. The two sector lords who sat beside him shook their heads, of which the silver haired old man Bu De Asuka explained : “Your majesty, stepping through the gateway of the origin laws at only star level, these sort of absolute geniuses aren’t for our Black Dragon Mountain sacred land.”

“Ah?” The emperor was shocked.

Unlike the Ganwu universe country’s leader who had built the universe country over a trillion years ago and had been their one and only one leader, the Black Dragon Mountain empire’s emperor would always change after a period of time!

Hence, there were many secrets that this emperor was clueless about.

“Hasn’t your Majesty already seen that in the entire universe country, there’s only one Ganwu dojo, and it’s forbidden for dojos of any other sort to open?” The silver haired old man asked.

“Ganwu universe country indeed respects the lowest of talents and absorbs them.” The emperor nodded.

“It’s because of this that a genius like Luo Feng, even if we discover him…he’ll still finally end up in the hands of the Ganwu universe country.” The silver haired old man shook his head, “And we can’t even make any complaint about it. Of course no matter what happens, he is still considered to have been from our Black Dragon Mountain starfield. Whatever accomplishments he has in the future, will still have benefits for our Black Dragon Mountain star field.”

“Such a genius, it’s better to be on good terms with. Be it 10,000 years or 100,000 years later, who knows what he’ll become and what he’ll have accomplished.” The silver haired old man emphasized.

“I understand.” The emperor nodded.

Such talent, as long as he didn’t die along the way, it was set in stone for him to become a sector lord. And these sorts of star levels who have stepped through the gateway of the origin laws, once they reach the sector lord level, they would be an absolute warrior amongst the others.

The moment he breaks through to the undying level, that would be a step towards the heaven shaking undying being.

An undying being…

In the entire Black Dragon Mountain empire currently, there were only two undying. One was the god leader of the Black Dragon Mountain sacred land and the other was the god leader of the Ice Leviathan god country. Hence the Black Dragon Mountain didn’t dare easily offend any undying.

In a vast god country.

Within the continuous mountain range, volcanoes were dispersed throughout this large continent, with some spitting fire occasionally. The entire god country was entirely dark red in color and the smell of sulfur emanated throughout. At the peak of a tall mountain that reached the clouds, an ancient palace was built there. Its entire surface walls had complex engravings all over.

Within the palace.

In the throne, sat a red eyed man dressed in a dark red long robe. Black flames were burning about his surroundings, his eyes seemed to be looking from another dimension altogether, giving off a terrifying heart palpitating chill.

Below him on both the right and left were four thrones.

Currently there were three people sitting below him. All of them were giving off energy waves that shook the earth and skies, almost as though just lifting their hands could split the earth and heavens.

“God leader, this punk called Luo Feng has some comprehension of the origin laws even though he’s only at the star level. He’s most suitable to become my disciple.” said a warrior wrapped in golden armor. Emanating from his entire body was a heart palpitating ripple, which was the gold origin law’s ripple of energy.

Compared to Luo Feng, this was a trillion times stronger.

“Wo Te, my brother!” The dark red eyed man said with a hoarse voice softly,” I know, that right now you are desperately searching for a disciple. However, we cannot fight with the Ganwu universe country!”

“Wo Te.”

The other two looked at the golden armored man.

“My life span is reaching its end.” The gold armored man said calmly, “And the current disciples, even though they have talent, for them to actually succeed my techniques would be extremely difficult. I cannot change my demise. Hence, I only want to look for a someone to pass my legacy onto before I die. I hope to be able see the techniques that I have created over these hundreds of millions of years to once again be unleashed. Only then can I die in peace. This is my current greatest hope.”

The others were silent.

Undying, they were indeed an eternal being.

But that doesn’t mean that an undying couldn’t die. Like the Yun Mo Planet master or the many powerful undying in history, they still died! The life force of an undying was extremely strong. Even if their physical body was ripped into shreds, they could still regenerate. There were very few injuries that cannot be healed, like the Yun Mo Planet master who could only watch himself die.

“Wo Te, my brother, I will do my best to help you find an exceptional disciple.” The red eyed man emphasized, “As for that punk Luo Feng…as long as he’s not stupid, he will definitely choose the Ganwu universe country, maybe even the stronger and more powerful virtual universe company.”

“Even after so many years, things haven’t changed much at all.”

“The pinnacle of geniuses also require them to make the best choices and the have the best environment to learn, before they can have the most outstanding achievements. In terms of power or environment, we indeed cannot compare to the Ganwu universe country.”

The golden armored man didn’t make a sound.

His proudest achievements over hundreds of millions of years was the techniques he had created. During the time he was alive, he treated these as though they were treasures and not even teaching it to his disciples or displaying it anywhere else. He would only teach his disciples very little of it. Now that he knew that his death was certain and imminent, his thinking had changed completely. He really wanted to watch a disciple complete his technique!

If that was impossible, then he could only leave his techniques to his friends and brothers, allowing them to teach the disciple in his place. Just like the Yun Mo Planet Master allowing Babata to teach in his place.

“God leader.” The golden armored man stood up.

“Wo Te.” The red eyed man stood up too, the other two followed.

“I’m tired, I want to return to my home.” The gold armored man sighed, “Before I die, I want to take a good look at my home grounds.” Finishing his words, he turned and flew out of the palace. As an undying, his relatives had long vanished over the course of time. Afterall, even a sector lord at most lived 10 million years.

The other three were silent.

“Wo Te, my disciple, I will help you with your search.” The red eyed man communicated into the gold armored man’s mind a million li away.

Within the palace, the three exchanged glances.

“It was fake, we were deceived, Kun Shalo that bastard. We will definitely find him and make him pay. Wo Te’s death is because of him! He actually dared to sell us a fake secret area map!!!” The red eyed man’s angry whisper turned into a roar, and the surrounding space trembled.

“Kun Shalo is one of the subjects of the Ganwu universe country leader. it’ll be hard for us to find a chance!”

“Wait!”

“Even if I have to wait over a hundred million years, 1 billion years or even a 10 billion years! As long as there’s a chance! I…Meng Huo, will definitely personally kill him!!! He actually dared to use a fake secret area map and take away my money, also taking away the life of one of my brothers. Dead! I will definitely kill him! If he knows what’s good for him, he will hide under the Ganwu universe country leader’s protection for the rest of his life!!!” The red eyed man roared angrily. Black flames rose fiercely from the ground and the entire palace began to burn within and was reduced to nothing.

His roar resounded throughout the vast trillion Li in the god country.

Black Dragon Mountain island.

Becoming famous after one battle… Luo feng had really became famous through that one battle!

This one battle not only shook the entire Black Dragon Mountain empire, but also the entire Ganwu universe country!

“Daddy, everybody in the Black Dragon Mountain island now knows how you look. The moment you go out, you’ll be recognized very quickly.” Little Hai clapped his hands and jumped around beside Luo Feng, as he was obviously very proud.

“I’ll have to disguise my self next time I go out.” Luo Feng rubbed his head.

“It’s kind of weird though.” Beside, Xu Xin stood up and poured some tea for Luo Feng. Smiling, “After the elimination the last time, many organizations sent people over. After this arena war battle however, your performance was definitely the most eye catching. I thought even more organizations and powers will come. However up till now, no one has come at all!”

“It is kind of weird.” Luo Feng nodded.

Suddenly.

“Haha Luo Feng!” A clear carefree voice resounded.

“Ah, we were just saying no one came, and now someone has come.” Xu Xin turned to look, speaking softly, “It’s people from the Three Axe Mountain organization.”

Luo Feng looked, indeed.

There were three men walking over from the distance. In the middle was a kind looking smiling old man with a head full of white. On the left was a man dressed in dark red battle robes and the one on the right was the tall and sturdy Mingyu. With experience from the Ganwu auction, he could easily deduce from looking that dark red battle robed man was definitely a sector lord.

And there was a thunder mark on his forehead.

Obviously he was a sector lord recognized by the thunder origin laws, a sector lord that belonged to the pinnacle of other sector lords. As for that kind looking old man…Luo Feng couldn’t tell, but since he walked in the center, he estimated that the old man’s position was the highest.

“Lord Mingyu.” Luo Feng quickly stood up.

“Haha, I’m no lord here. Luo Feng, let me introduce you all.” Mingyu smiled and pointed at the dark red battle robed man, “This is our Three Axe Mountain’s general Jiang Tian Chen, amongst the sector lords in the Black Dragon Mountain starfield, he’s definitely at the peak.”

“My respects general.” Luo Feng paid his respects.

Jiang Tian Chen nodded.

“This.” Mingyu began introducing the white haired old man, his voice changing slightly in tone, “is our Three Axe Mountain’s one of the three great founders, the head general.”

“Head General.” Luo Feng quickly bowed. However, his mind was in a flurry of emotions.

Head general?

Of the three great founders of the Three Axe Mountain, two of them were undying, and the final one had vanished. Which was this one?

“Hm.” The old man slightly nodded.

“Where’s Hong.” Mingyu said, “The head general wishes to see him.”

“Ah? No problem, I’ll look for him.” Luo Feng nodded.

Luo Feng, Thunder god, Mingyu and Jinag Tian Chen all stood outside, while inside the house only the Head general and Hong stayed.

“Thirdie, why has the Head general come looking for big brother?” Thunder god asked.

“No idea.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“It’s a good thing.” Beside them Mingyu smiled.

“Let’s hope he doesn’t disappoint the head general.” Besides him the sector lord Jiang Tian Chen said coldly.

……

Within the house, there were only two people present, Hong and the Head general Luo.

“What!” Hong looked shocked at the old white haired man before him, “Head general, you, you…”

This legendary being spoke only a few words. But this had already given Hong a shock.

“Your talent is not bad, your character is also similar to myself back then. As for teaching you, even though I haven’t become an undying, when it comes to the light origin laws and domain I am definitely sufficient and capable of becoming your teacher.” The old man shook his head, “However there’s one thing I have to warn you about, my life span is reaching its end. I only have about 20,000 more years to live!”


Chapter 410: Two Paths

“You only have about 20,000 years left in your life span?” Hong was shocked.

A sector lord’s life span was very long, up to 10 million years. Yet before him, this legendary head general’s was reaching its end.

“Hai!”

The old man shook his head and sighed, that voice was filled with endless bitterness. “Hong, you and I really have an affinity.”

“You name is Hong, mine is Luo, both 1 syllable.”

“You had your domain in the star traveller level, me too!”

“I do not fear death. I have taken the path of becoming the strongest and wanting to scale the pinnacle of life’s greatest! Even in the huge Axe Dojo I have won 1,000 continuous matches, acquiring the domain lord huge axe fighter title.” The old man exclaimed, “And later on, along with my good friends, two similar domain lords who acquired the huge axe dojo fighter title, Mo Li Ya and Lai Meng Tuo, we founded the Three Axe Mountain organization together.”

“Back then, I was the leader and the two assisted me.”

“Later on they both became undying, yet I remained a sector lord.”

“Ambition!”

“If my plan had succeeded, the moment I became an undying, I would have become an absolute warrior amongst the undying!” The old man’s eyes gleamed, it burned an incomparably strong sense of longing, “Even if I joined the Ganwu universe country, I would have immediately become the ultimate undying at the peak under the country leader.”

“An undying under the Ganwu universe country leader?” Hong was shocked.

“Within Black Dragon Mountain starfield, do you know how many undying there are?” The old man asked.

“Two.” Hong replied.

The god country leader of Ice Neptune and Sacred land Black Dragon Mountain leader, both were undying. Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god all knew this.

“How many starfields are there in the Ganwu universe country?” The old man asked.

“Over 13 thousand.” Hong was shocked.

If every star field had two undying’s, with all of them added together, that would be shocking.

“Haha…” The old man laughed, “The number of undying under the Ganwu country leader exceeds 10,000! And there are many more that belong to the Virtual Universe Company, Huge Axe Dojo, Universe First Bank, Universe Galaxy Bank and Universe Mercenary Alliance, these five great leviathans.”

“Over 10,000?” Hong held his breath.

“Don’t be surprised. Why don’t you take a look at just how vast a universe country is.” The old man exclaimed, “It may look like a lot, but it is the result of countless years of work. In terms of probability…for a sector lord to breakthrough to the undying, the probability is simply too low.”

A sector lord’s life span barely exceeds 10 million years.

The number of sector lords in the Ganwu universe country exceeds a million, with their life span ending every 10 million years. Although countless years had gone by, there are only so many undying.

“I’ve seen the light.”

“We have to have our feet firmly planted on the ground, we cannot be over ambitious.” The old man exclaimed and shook his head, “For a sector lord to breakthrough to the undying, that alone is extremely difficult. I wasted millions of years, wasn’t it simply suicide? Who would have thought fate would be playing with me even when I’ve finally seen the light…”

“Let’s not talk about anything else.”

The old man looked at Hong and smiled, “My affairs, I’ve told you most of it.”

“Light and time, these two major origin laws, I can teach you and try my best to help you.” The old man looked at Hong, “I dare say…even amongst millions of sector lords within the Ganwu universe country, even though I can’t say I am the number one, however I can definitely say without any doubt that I am in the top three! Even against an undying, I have a certain guarantee of escaping alive.”

Hong looked with shock at the old man.

“I was considered a legend in the Ganwu universe country. Even undying had to show me respect.”

“If you are willing to accept me as a teacher, then you must be prepared to roam around the endless universe.” The old man emphasized, “I’ve just left my isolation. With only 20,000 years or so of my life span left, I would like to see many places before I die. If you are willing to accept me as your teacher, then once you become my disciple, you naturally will have to follow me!”

“At the same time, I will not give up on my training.”

“In my final 20,000 years, I will still risk it all and fight to breakthrough to become an undying, even though the end of my life span is right before me.” The old man looked at Hong, “Hence I could enter isolation at any time without any means to look after you. But, when that time does come, I will arrange for a bodyguard for you. The moment you accept me, you need to be prepared for all this.”

Hong creased his eyebrows, “Roam around? For 20,000 years?”

“Right.” The old man nodded.

“You don’t have to rush to come up with an answer right away. Think carefully about your decision. I’ll give you 10 days to ponder over it, you can answer me after 10 days.” The old man finished his sentence and immediately began to head out.

As one who’s able to become an absolute warrior, these people all chased to reach the pinnacle of life itself.

And along this path many of them would create their own secret techniques that belonged to only them. These techniques were the result of all their blood and sweat. Especially in the face of death, these absolute warriors couldn’t bear to watch their countless years of work creating these techniques to all go to waste without someone to inherit them. To find an outstanding disciple, this was the mindset of many facing death.

9 star bay little district.

Luo Feng and Thunder god watched as the old man, Jiang Tian Chen and Mingyu left.

“Big brother.” Thunder god asked, “What did that head general find you for?”

Luo Feng too looked at Hong.

“He wants to accept me as his disciple.” Hong laughed, “Thinking about it, I’m considered a pioneer of the first generation on earth. Yet, as someone else accepting me as a disciple, I can’t help but say…the strong of the universe are indeed plenty, with many of them from other places and are much stronger than us. They do have the rights to be our teachers. I was actually prepared to accept him earlier.”

“It didn’t happen?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Right.”

Hong nodded, “If I do take him as my teacher, I will have to follow him and wander around. Leaving earth, leaving the Black Dragon Mountain starfield and wandering the universe for 20,000 years.”

“20,000 years?” Thunder god stared.

“I was hesitating whether or not to take him as my teacher.” Hong creased his eyebrows, “Actually even if I wander the universe with him, I can still contact my family through the virtual universe network and meet you guys there as well. However…leaving earth for 20,000 years, it still feels…”

China’s culture was only 5000 years old.

Hong has to wander about in the universe for 20,000 years. To Hong who wasn’t even a hundred years old, this was indeed an extravagant number.

“Of course you have to take him as your teacher.”

The little virtual assistant on Luo Feng’s shoulder Babata raised his tiny hand and pointed at Hong, “You idiot, that is Luo! The founder of the Three Axe Mountain Luo. The one people deem as the time sector lord. Many undying stay on good terms with him, and treat him on equal grounds. Many sector lords are willing to listen to his pointers, this is a truly respectable and big figure in the Black Dragon Mountain starfield.

“Time sector lord” Luo Feng and Thunder god were shocked by that name.

“Time sector lord, what a bombastic name.” The virtual assistant on Thunder god’s shoulder Lord Wu glared at Babata, “Only a spoiled wimpy brat will brag like that. That old man earlier dares to call himself the time sector lord?”

“You sick pervert who was locked in isolation for 10 million years, what do you know.” Babata pointed at Lord Wu, “Luo is a top notch figure of these 10 million years. During that time you were locked away in the world within a world, you don’t know anything. You have no right at all to talk crap. You better listen to this demon lord here.”

“You wimpy brat!” Lord Wu roared.

“I’ve followed my owner for over 10 million years, I’ve lived longer than you!!!” Babata pointed at Lord Wu and roared.

Luo Feng and Thunder god rubbed their heads.

My god.

These two living AI’s. Every time they met, they would engage in a squabble.

“I will think well about it.” Hong went silent.

“Listen to me, there’s no wrong in it.” Babata repeated.

The arrival of the legendary head general Luo from the Three Axe Mountain had indeed led to Hong thinking. In the meantime, the groups in the arena wars engaged in their battles swiftly, very quickly. After five days worth of time, the 1,000 groups had finished all their battles, with 90,000 being eliminated and only 10,000 left.

These 10,000 had the chance to enter the name list with only 900 slots.

After entering the namelist, one could represent the Ganwu universe country and compete against the pinnacle of geniuses from the other universe countries.

……

Once the arena wars had ended, the Black Dragon Mountain island 9 star bay once again received two guests.

“Luo feng.” A familiar voice resounded.

Luo Feng turned to look. It was that old man with a head full of white, “Bu De Asuka sector lord, this silver haired old man was standing beside a pale and expressionless man with purple eyes. On his forehead this man had one more vertical eye, it was looking casually at Luo Feng.

A formless force of energy transmitted over.

“Hm?” Luo feng grit his teeth, this person’s aura was extremely strong.

“Not bad.” The purple eyed man slightly nodded.

“Luo Feng, let me introduce you, this is a great undying being from the Ganwu universe country…the god leader Kun Shalo.” The silver haired old man introduced.

Luo Feng stared at the expressionless purple eyed man before him whose aura was extremely powerful, and he felt extremely shocked by this aura. After so many years, he had never come face to face with an actual undying! Undying…that level of being, maybe in places like the Ganwu universe country which is a high level civilization, an undying still had to lower his head. However in other empires, no one dared provoke an undying.

An eternal being.

One who could split the land and skies, he actually came to visit him?

“My respects god leader.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

“Hm.” Kun Shalo slightly nodded.

Even though this Kun Shalo was a man, he gave Luo feng a feeling… a very peculiar feeling. His aura was peculiar, it was almost like an aura of an extremely gentle lady. Only that vertical eye would occasionally give off a bone chilling heart palpitating feeling.

“Luo Feng, the reason for my arrival here is to give an order from the Country leader.” Kun Shalo muttered.

Luo Feng was shocked, Ganwu country leader?

“He personally sent me here. This should represent how much he values you.” Kun Shalo continued to mutter, “This genius battle, after all our Ganwu universe country will finally send out the top 1,000 strongest to compete in the pinnacle fights with the other universe countries, the entire universe’s 1,008 human universe countries.”

“1,008 universe countries, the number of pinnacle geniuses representatives will only be a little more than a million.”

“And the virtual universe company will finally absorb the top 1,000 among the winners.”

“1,008 universe countries will each send 1,000 geniuses, yet only the final 1,000 from all the participants will be absorbed.” Kun Shalo looked at Luo Feng, “This means to say, on estimate, there’s about only one spot from each universe country. Our universe country will send out 1,000 people, yet it’s still not guaranteed that we will get a spot.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The universe’s top 1,000, that was extremely difficult to achieve. Even Babata had said that Luo Feng had no hopes at all.

Over 1,000 vast and huge universe countries, the final 1,000 will be absorbed, the conditions for the Virtual Universe Company were extremely brutal and strict.

“Indeed!”

“As one of the pinnacle leviathans of the universe humans, the Virtual Universe Company who nurtures geniuses, they have the best conditions and overall facilities such as the Primal universe, many secret areas, different types of treasures, the best teachers and so on” Kun Shalo looked at Luo Feng, “Alas, there will still only be 1000 of them, who will actually get the right to have the Virtual Universe Company spend countless amounts of resources to train them.”

“According to the country leader’s order.”

“If you can make it into the entire universe’s top 1,000 and enter the Virtual Universe Company, becoming one of their internal core member, that will be a good thing. Not only will it be beneficial for you, our Ganwu universe country will also receive huge rewards.”

“However, If you fail, you can enter our Ganwu universe country instead. With you current talent, you have the qualifications to enter our secret land of our universe country…the Ganwu secret area!” Kun Shalo said, “Within the Ganwu secret area, you too will receive the best nurturing and training.”

Kun Shalo glanced at Luo Feng, “Little punk, to achieve the top 1,000 of the entire universe, I’d advise you to not get your hopes up. To be able to enter the universe country’s Ganwu secret area is already countless people’s dream.” Finishing up, Kun Shalo immediately vanished.

“Luo Feng, congratulations.” The silver haired old man said.

“Right. Undyings… most of them are eccentric! Don’t mind him too much.” The silver haired man laughed.

“I don’t mind.” Luo Feng smiled, “Would I dare?”

“To actually receive an undying messenger, this states just how much the Ganwu country leader values your talent.” The silver haired old man smiled, “From what I know…from this batch of geniuses, the ones that got the same notification to be able to enter the Ganwu secret area, are only those who’ve stepped through the gateway of the origin laws.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Very quickly, the silver haired old man left too.

Luo Feng quietly sat within his own house, pondering.

“Two paths?”

“One of them was to enter the Ganwu universe country core.”

“The other one was to enter the core of the Virtual Universe Company.”

On Luo Feng’s shoulder, Babata yawned and muttered, “Don’t think about it, the Virtual Universe Company, that sort of super leviathan, its wealth and resources will shock you. To be trained by them with countless amount of valuable resources, one would have to be at the level of elites of the entire universe, as their natural talents are absolute. To be trained and nurtured while receiving only the best resources, as long as they don’t die along the way in the elimination stages, their achievements would all be amazing in the future.”

“Die?” Luo Feng was shocked, “These are the absolute pinnacle of geniuses from the 1,008 human universe countries, will they die so easily?”

“To nurture and produce the best, the best process is death by elimination, isn’t that very normal?” Babata shook his head, “No matter who it is, without experiencing the fear of life and death, how will one improve. And during these life or death experiences, how can one not get injured?”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but nod his head.

“Don’t think about it.”

“People have different paths from you.” Babata shook his head, “That Kun Shalo said the right thing. The most realistic path is to enter the Ganwu universe secret area. This Ganwu universe country is also considered a huge power within the universe. The Ganwu country leader…that is an even bigger power, a super existence that can shake the entire universe!”

“By entering the Ganwu secret area and receiving the best nurture, your achievements will be extremely high in the future.” Babata said, “Back then your teacher lost out as he was a lone wolf. If your teacher had a backing like the Ganwu country leader, that sort of existence, how would that bastard dare come kill your teacher.”

“Ganwu country leader, is he much more powerful than my teacher?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“You must be joking!”

“That’s an invincible being that not only created a universe country, but also one that commanded that universe country for a trillion years.” Babata said, “Of course…compared to the super leviathan such as the Virtual Universe Country, there’s no comparison at all. I heard the primal universe is something the Virtual Universe Company owns internally, whoever they wish to let in, they can do so without any problem.”

Luo Feng blinked a couple of times.

“Hence, Luo Feng, within this universe, there will always be someone stronger, a genius above others, a mountain higher than others!”

“Even if you enter within the core of the virtual universe company, the competition will be incomparably intense! A genius battle that happens once every 10,000 years, yet absorbing only 1,000 absolute geniuses. Calculate yourself, after all these years, just how many geniuses will there be within that Virtual Universe Company?” Babata asked, “Hence, if you enter the Virtual Universe Company, the number of strong people are like the clouds, if you are not strong enough, you will be trampled upon!”

“Naturally, you cannot enter.”

“Realistically speaking, you should just stay within the Ganwu secret area.” Babata said, “The Ganwu secret area is already a sacred land that countless people will drool over just to hear about it. I am speaking so much because I want you to realize that entering Ganwu secret area is the best option for you. You are considered exceptional within that area, at the same time don’t get proud. Because in the Virtual Universe Company there are a million people even more outstanding than you.”

Luo Feng blinked hard.

This was a psychological blow for Luo Feng.

This Babata really knew how to knock a person down.


Chapter 411: The Only Opponent

Sitting in the chair, Luo Feng poured himself a cup of tea. As it flowed into the cup, a thought occurred to him. “Babata is right. My current strength is far from that of an absolute genius! If I want to make it into the universe top 1,000, it is indeed hard!”

“My skills, control of spirit weapon, battle experience, amplifier and mental state, these may all be not bad. However, compared to all the geniuses of the entire universe, it definitely ain’t at the top.”

“A few powerful warriors, like my teacher or that Luo, towards the later stages in life have all created their own secret techniques.”

“Of course no matter what I do, I have to do it step by step. I first have to learn the techniques created by others first before slowly creating my own. And the current me…I’ve just begun.”

“In a group of sheep, even if I become the strongest, I’d still only be a stronger sheep!”

“And compared to a group of lions, even if I’m not the strongest, I’d still be an intrepid lion.”

“To improve! I have to get into the core of the Virtual Universe Company!”

“I am weak.”

“But the main reason is because my training time is too short. This genius battle stretches on for quite some time, I still have time to get stronger!”

Luo Feng pondered, his eyebrows creased.

The leviathan of the human universe, the Virtual Universe Company’s core, it only absorbs 1,000 geniuses every 10,000 years. After generations, there should be millions of geniuses within. And after countless years of toil, the number of undying within would far exceed that of the Ganwu universe country!

Within there!

That was where the true outstanding and pinnacle of strengths were!

“If I want to compete, I have to compete with the strongest!”

“My training time is short. But, as time goes on, I will be able to catch up to them.”

“Hardwork!”

“Hardwork!”

“Right now the first goal is to get into the 1,000 slots of the Ganwu universe country internal namelist.” Luo Feng made the decision without discussing more with Babata.

Growing up, Luo Feng had never admitted defeat before.

Even against the incomparably powerful and seemingly invincible golden horned beast before, Luo Feng never stepped back.

If it was said…

That his younger brother Luo Hua enjoyed the battle in the universe financial market, every time going in to compete and slaughter, earning and making fortunes.

Then Luo Feng enjoyed chasing after the pinnacle of life itself. Constantly breaking through and improving himself time and again, defeating the opponents one by one! Even with difficulty, setbacks, competition and opponents, he had no fear. The only fear would be that of no difficulty at all. When that day finally arrives where he stands at the peak, without any opponents, he would fear the loneliness.

The strong are lonely.

On earth Luo Feng had tasted that feeling, he didn’t like the feeling of loneliness.

“I’ll push myself and give it a shot!”

“We’ll see just how far I, Luo Feng can push to!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, it was a light of anticipation of his path of the strong.

The arena wars lasted for a total of 5 days. When it ended, the 10,000 participants that made it through had one day of rest, and within that one day…the organizing party the Virtual Universe Company also gave out information on the upcoming battles and informed every participant.

……

China time year 2066, July 22nd, night.

Virtual universe Black Dragon Mountain island, 9 star bay district, Luo Feng’s living room.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god were gathered there with ten other people.

“How are the arena fights going to be distributed?”

“Brother in law, who are you fighting against in the first match?”

“Only 900 slots, yet 10,000 people are competing. How do you even compete?”

A group of people were discussing.

“Quiet.” Luo Feng pointed to mid air. Immediately a screen appeared above the dining table, on it were a blur of words with descriptions, “This is the list for the 10,000 participants of the arena fights.”

“Ah?”

“The words are too small.”

The whole family ran over to take a closer look.

“Enlarge it.” Luo Feng pointed at the corner of the screen and immediately a portion of the screen began to enlarge, there was Luo Feng’s name there.

“Big brother, you are up against Sai Walo first? After winning that, you’ll battle against the winner of the next group?” Luo Hua examined it carefully.

“Right!”

Luo Feng nodded, looking at the people who surrounded him. Among them were his brother in law Xu Gang and others, even Hong and his children and families, Thunder god’s daughter and his own family. With a large group of people together, it was indeed bustling.

“This arena battle, the process itself is very simple.”

“1v1, the winner will advance, while the loser will enter the loser’s circle.”

“These 10,000 people will be split into a total of 5,000 groups! Of which after the first battle, there will be 5,000 winners and 5,000 losers.”

“The 5,000 winners will continue to fight it out and after the second battle, there’ll remain 2500 winners.”

“Moving on!”

“After the third battle, there’ll remain 1250 winners.”

“After the fourth, there’ll only be 625 winners left! After the fourth battle, the 625 winners will immediately take up 625 slots of the namelist.” Luo Feng said.

The rules were simple.

1v1, they only need to fight four battles! And there’ll be 625 left!

“I say, my brother in law, within these 900 slots, after taking out the 625, wouldn’t that only leave 275 slots?” Xu Gang said curiously, beside him Luo Hua laughed, “Xu Gang, didn’t you realize from what my brother said before…the losers enter a losers’ circle, I estimate the remaining 275 slots will come from there.”

Thunder god laughed, “Right, Luo Hua is smart. One has to know that the victor of a 1v1 battle is usually decided very quickly. However there’s a huge loophole, that is…there might very likely be two absolute warriors battling against each other, and one of them will end up getting eliminated. This loophole results in the company very easily eliminating a true genius.”

“Right.”

Luo Feng nodded, “Hence the losers’ circle. From the 10,000 people, there will be 625 winners, and the losers circle will have 9,375 people.”

“These 9375 will engage in a cruel and long competition, which will finally result in the final 275 being picking out.” Luo Feng said.

“Cruel and long competition?”

“Why cruel?”

“Long? How long?”

A group of people turned to Luo Feng.

“This competition is for the losers circle of 9375 people. Every person has to battle with the other 9374 others in 1v1 matches! Meaning…the losers circle, every 9375 of them has to battle 9374 times! Winning a match gains 1 point, should both parties die together in a draw, that would mean 0 points! Finally, it will go by how high the points a person has. The top 275 will get into the final 275 slots!” Luo Feng said.

“My god!” Xu Gang stared wide eyed.

“Wow.” Little Hai exclaimed, “9374 matches? When will this battle end?”

“Right, just how much time is spent on this? With these over 9,000 matches, it will definitely take forever.” A group of them all sighed. One must know that in life or death battles, to battle continuously, one’s entire mental state, spirit and strength would be fatigued and focus would drop.

Hence even though each battle time was short, it was still impossible to hold multiple matches a day.

“What the virtual universe company announced was that this competition itself will probably go on for close to 3 years, as each person will battle 10 matches a day.” Luo Feng said, “The entire genius battle…from the initial world elimination battle of the Ganwu universe country, the longest time consuming item is this.”

“Close to 3 years?”

“That’s long.”

……

The arena fights were very quick. Every battle eliminated half of its people, requiring only four successive wins to get a slot!

On a balcony in Luo Feng’s villa in 9 star bay district, late night.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god sat by a round table.

“Third brother, your situation isn’t looking good.” Hong emphasized.

“Among these 10,000 participants, there’s a total of 521 who’ve stepped through the gateway of the origin laws, and from four matches they will pick the final 625.Theoretically speaking, these 521 should all get a slot.” Thunder god muttered, “However, I don’t know just how this Virtual Universe Company distributed the teams. They actually let origin law geniuses meet each other?”

Right.

Even though according to the footage of the arena wars before, they concluded that there was a total of 521 who’ve stepped through the origin laws gateway, If they distributed it properly…the Virtual Universe Company could have left these 521 not ever meet and get a slot.

However…

The Virtual Universe Company didn’t do it that way. A large portion of these origin laws geniuses didn’t have to ever meet in their four matches, but a small group of them, close to 100 of them did have to meet each other!

Like Luo Feng himself!

According to the distribution, for his first, second and third battles, he had a certain guarantee to win! However the fourth match… according to his list, as long as that origin law genius didn’t lose along the way, then his 4th opponent would be another who had stepped through the gateway!

His name was Rong Jun, his nickname was Savage.

Savage Rong Jun!

Back then he was the absolute warrior that killed his second brother Thunder god, a powerful being that massacred his arena wars group.

“According to this distribution, there’ll be close to 100 origin law warriors who will meet in the fourth match.” Hong nodded, “And these close to 100 people were the top most intrepid performers of the arena wars.”

“Whether it was Savage Rong Jun or madman Luo Feng, they were the most powerful and massacred their arena wars group. They were just invincible.

“In terms of strength.”

“This close to 100 people, should belong to the upper echelon of the strong.” Hong emphasized, “Right now the Virtual Universe Company is obviously wanting them to meet to test them out. After all, the loser still has a chance in the loser’s circle. In the circle, there will be less than 50 origin law warriors, and there are 275 slots for the losers circle. These origin law warriors, even if they lose their fourth match, through the loser’s circle, they can still get a slot.”

“From the Virtual Universe Company’s point of view, it’s probably to test this group of geniuses.”

“The most elite meeting one another and engaging in 9,374 matches thereafter. This is probably one of the best training for these people.” Hong said.

Luo Feng and Thunder god both nodded.

Makes sense.

The Virtual Universe Company organized this to pick out the most pinnacle of geniuses. Hence making them fight against each other and picking out the most exceptional was a very normal circumstance.

“Third brother.” Hong emphasized as he looked at Luo feng, “The first to third battles, you shouldn’t have any trouble. Right now your only opponent is the fourth match where you’ll meet Savage Rong Jun. I’ve seen his strength personally, it’s extremely terrifying, much stronger than your group’s Pushkin.”

“I’ve exchanged blows with him, he finished me in one shot.” Thunder god said, “He is very strong, especially his slice down from his blade, it feels extremely heavy.”

“I know.” Luo Feng nodded.

If he wanted to get a slot in that namelist early, he would have to defeat Savage. And from that Savage’s arena war battle, he had watched as a spectator…it was indeed terrifying.

“Who asked you to perform so fearlessly.” Thunder god laughed, “It’s because your performance was too strong and you killed the other geniuses like they were dogs, the Virtual Universe Company values you. Hence, they arranged Savage to battle you. Letting the two strongest fight it out!”


Chapter 412: Successive Victories

China year 2066, July 23rd.

Virtual universe, in the space that belonged to the Huge Axe dojo. On island number 29,904, the arena duels were about to begin.

“Attention all, standing in the center of the arena right now is the genius from the Dragon Horn starfield, Sai Walo.” Following the loud announcement throughout the entire arena, the audience immediately erupted in a wave of cheers and roars. The over 1 hundred million spectators from the Dragon Horn starfield were incomparably excited, all shouting as loud as they could.

“Sai Walo!”

“Sai Walo!”

“You are the strongest!”

Over one hundred million excited cheers could be heard.

The two sides, from two different starfields, were both given one hundred million tickets.

Hence today’s match had one billion spectators, of which two hundred million were separately from the Black Dragon Mountain starfield and the Dragon Horn starfield.

“The next to take the stage is the one you’ve all been waiting for. From the Black Dragon Mountain empire…an absolute genius, Luo Feng!!!” The commentator’s voice was even louder than the first time, obviously the commentator was a little more biased towards Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng!”

It wasn’t just the black dragon mountain empire’s over one hundred million people cheering loudly, more than half the people from the other eight hundred million from the other starfields in the Ganwu universe country too were cheering his name. Even though both had made it through the arena wars, obviously Luo Feng who had dominated his group…had won over the support from many in the Ganwu universe country.

While a trillion eyes were watching him, Luo Feng followed the same pathway and walked into the center of the arena.

The cheers got even louder!

Countless human ladies of different races all shouted and screeched, some even fainting. The 100% virtual simulation had such an effect, even bodily functions were simulated.

There were two youths standing in the arena. One with a dark golden long rod and dressed in dark grey armor, the black haired youth Luo Feng. The other who was standing on a large board, smiling and with a gentle aura, Sai Walo.

“Luo Feng, all the best.” Sai Walo bowed respectfully, displaying his manners.

Luo Feng just stood there, completely immersed in his mental state, like a volcano, without any reaction at all.

He didn’t know why, even though Sai Walo before him seemed very courteous, it gave him an outrageous sense of discomfort, as for why he had that feeling, he couldn’t explain it.

“You too.”

A tall, sturdy and handsome commentator smiled, “This will be very similar to the arena wars. As the battle progresses, the space you have will continue to shrink. It’ll only require 5 minutes before the entire space will shrink down to only a diameter of 1m. Hence your battle will at most last 5 minutes.”

“Thanks.” Sai Walo smiled and looked at the commentator.

Luo Feng only made a noise to reply.

“Alright, let the battle…begin!” the commentator smiled. The moment he said begin, his entire being vanished, leaving only the two participants.

“Sou!”

Sai Walo stood on his huge board, swiftly flying into the distance, as quick as lightning.

“Escaping?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, the soaring shuttle immediately became a beam of golden light, obviously faster than Sai Walo before.

The original size of the arena was a diameter of 30km. As time passed, it shrank more and more. With Luo Feng and Sai Walo’s speed, in the blink of an eye they were already at the edges of the space.

“Now’s the time.”

Sai Walo could feel their distance closing, he suddenly turned and simultaneously Luo Feng, who was rushing over decreased his speed as they grew dangerously close. Sai Walo’s eyes had a gleam of madness: “Go! Kill him!!!” The huge board beneath his feet shot out a silver light, this light wrapped itself around his green energy flow around. It moved autonomously and separated into 9 silver arrows, shooting at Luo Feng at the same time.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!…

9 silver arrows!

It was like 9 shooting stars shooting suddenly and swiftly at Luo Feng.

“Even though the Nan Shen Armament is powerful, it does have its weaknesses!” Sai Walo’s eyes were filled with a strong anticipation, one for victory, “That is its defense, it’s weakness is its defense!”

“Your power is only so much and you dare split it into 9?” Luo Feng snorted coldly, “And you really think I have no methods for defend myself?”

Luo Feng’s thoughts moved.

The soaring shuttle below him immediately shot out beams of light, swiftly forming 16 peculiar shields surrounding him. These 16 shields had golden threads weaving through them. The surface of the shields, 8 of which were facing outside while the other 8 were facing inwards, revolving both internally and externally. The speed was swift, as all of them were infused with some origin laws.

This move…the sword array!

The soaring shuttle’s second form, its defensive form, the sword array!

There were a total of three forms for the soaring shuttle.

The first offensive form was the mountain bulwark, the defensive form was the mountain bulwark shield.

The second form’s offense was the golden swordfish, the defensive form was the sword array.

As for the third form, one had to reach the universe level to use it. Hence the current Luo Feng could only use the swordfish formation along with the sword array.

The 8 shields floated about his surroundings, the other 8 formed an outer layer.

Inside and outside, covered with shields which revolved about and moved up and down, with golden light connecting them, an outrageous energy emanated from it. Infused with Luo Feng’s comprehension of the golden origin laws, its defense was simply perfect. The 9 silver arrows shot over and the 16 shields slightly altered its speed, leaving no openings at all.

“Dang, Dang Dang…” Clashes could be heard.

The power of the 9 silver arrows wasn’t strong in the first place, it couldn’t even move the 16 shields defense.

……

Actually, normal spirit weapons weren’t like the soaring shuttle, which had many formations and uses. Under normal circumstances, the stronger one’s spirit reading power was, the more focused the weapon would be.

A pure attacking spirit weapon!

A pure defensive one!

A pure flying one!

Gold represented strength and piercing power of the sun! This Nan Shen Armament was a purely offensive spirit weapon, extremely tyrannical!

Offense! When it is condensed, it’s very powerful, when it is separated it gets weaker.

And this Sai Walo knew that if he did not risk it all he couldn’t kill Luo Feng. Hence he gambled on Luo Feng not having a form of defense with his spirit weapons. Hence he controlled the 9 silver arrows . By dispersing his spirit energy through these 9 arrows, it made his energy and power divide by 9, making the power and strength drop. He was gambling it all on this one attack chance.

Against the 9 silver arrows, Luo Feng using his Nan Shen armament could at most block 2 or 3 of them, that way, Sai Walo would have a chance of victory.

A pity…

Luo Feng had a defensive spirit weapon! It was the soaring shuttle!

The soaring shuttle had flying and defensive capabilities along with offensive powers too. Because Luo Feng had trained rigorously and studied it, using the soaring shuttle’s defensive form the sword array, was the best option and choice. Maybe there were better defensive spirit weapons, but Luo Feng didn’t have the time to study them.

“It’s over.” Sai Walo’s expression changed.

“Chi!”

The golden long rod became a golden rainbow and pierced right through his spirit weapon and straight through his forehead.

First battle, Luo Feng was victorious!

Second battle.

“Luo Feng, I know I’m not your match, but I…still want to compete with my all!” Luo Feng’s second opponent admitted it the moment he stepped on the arena, that he wasn’t a match for him.

Very quickly.

Second battle, Luo Feng won easily.

……

Third battle.

The third opponent’s strength was very strong, comparable to Pushkin. Especially the strength of the huge axe he used was shocking.

However!

Against the 9 silver arrows from before, Luo Feng’s Nan Shen Armament couldn’t fight it all. However against this huge axe, Luo Feng easily controlled the golden rainbow to fight force with force. By using the soaring shuttle he stood at a distance and controlled it from afar. After six continuous attacks, that huge axe wielding tall and sturdy man’s arms were ripped and broken with blood spewing from his mouth, without any strength left in his arms to defend,

The third battle, Luo Feng won again.

Three battles, Three victories!

Black Dragon Mountain island 9 star bay district, Luo Feng’s home entrance, Luo Feng sat face to face with the silver haired old man Bu De Asuka.

“You have achieved three victories in three battles. Right now the entire black dragon mountain island is filled with discussions about you.” The silver haired old man laughed, “Within this virtual universe network, many entertainment programs and newscasts are all keeping an eye on you.”

Luo Feng laughed.

Even while sitting at home, they could hear the people’s cheers from the bars outside. These were all from the victories of Luo Feng. Due to these victories, there were large drunken celebrations all over.

“Lord Bu De Asuka, I’m pretty sure you came here not just to tell me these.” Luo Feng smiled as he looked at the silver haired old man.

“I bring word from his majesty.”

The silver haired old man looked at Luo Feng, “In tomorrow’s fourth match, as long as you win, you will receive a slot! His majesty is hoping that you will prepare well and not get careless. After all, your opponent is very strong.”

“I know.” Luo Feng nodded, an image of his opponent appeared in his mind.

That messy haired bare footed Savage youth.

“Defeat him!” Luo Feng thought within.

……

Ganwu universe country, within a vast starfield.

A D6 disc shaped universe ship was stopped on the moon of a mineral planet, within one of its resting rooms.

A barefooted, messy haired three meter tall man, carrying two short blades sat crossed legged on the alloy surface ground within the room. He looked up a photo hung on the wall, it was a black scruffy looking punk with arms around the shoulders of a tall and sturdy man.

“Father!”

This Savage youth, was quietly looking at the photo, muttering, “Even though you aren’t my birth father, however…”

The savage youth gritted his teeth, saying softly, “I, Tu Man, swear… I will definitely, definitely kill that bastard! Definitely!!!” His eyes were filled with a bone chilling gleam, almost like a hungry, mad lone wolf.

“He is an undying!”

“He is the emperor that built an empire!”

“However I will definitely…I will definitely kill him! Father, just watch…I will rush into the top 1,000 in this genius battle and enter the virtual universe company! Even becoming the strongest within my generation in the Virtual Universe Company!” Savage said softly, “And on the day I kill him, it will be the day I will regain the name Tu Man.”


Chapter 413: The Strong Clash

“It’s Madman!”

“That Madman has come, quickly flee.”

Chi!

The black haired youth in the dark grey armor walked coldly down the alley. A golden swordfish recklessly slaughtered a group of geniuses, their bodies flew about, fresh blood staining the silent alley.

The elimination stage footage of Luo Feng slaughtering were continuously played.

“Him, the absolute genius that has struck fear among countless geniuses, so much so they call him Madman…Luo Feng! He had been hiding his strength all the while and only unleashing his true weapon the Nan Shen Armament in the arena wars and winning every battle. only one word could describe him, invincible!”

……

“Savage.”

“I admit I’m not your match, I don’t wish to battle against you.”

“Even if you don’t wish to, you still have to!”

A thick powerful voice resounded, that barefooted, 3m tall Savage immediately closed the distance between them. The blade in his hand seemed light as he swung it. The blow however seemed to conceal the weight of heavy mountains behind it, immediately blowing away the opponent’s defense and killing him on the spot!

The Savage Rong Jun’s every slaughter scene too was constantly broadcasted.

“Him, relying just on his strength, has caused countless warriors to tremble, the one called Savage…Rong Jun! From the elimination stage to the arena wars, wielding the battle knife, killing all targets, till now there hasn’t been anyone capable of resisting him!”

“The two of them! Madman Luo Feng and Savage Rong Jun, in this fourth round of the arena duels will engage in a much anticipated fight on island number 00001!”

“One Madman, one Savage.”

“Who’s stronger?”

“Will it be Madman continue his winning streak or will Savage kill this Madman?”

“Everything will be decided then. The highly anticipated match of the fourth round, the two pinnacle geniuses fight!!!”

A broadcast of about 15 minutes long appeared at the top of the Virtual Universe company’s Ganwu station page. Only the Virtual Universe company would have been able to get such footage from that first round. The moment that broadcast came out, it immediately resulted in countless in the Ganwu universe downloading it and swiftly spreading it throughout the universe country.

Eruption!

Countless people from the Ganwu universe country rushed and fought to buy tickets for the battle. Even though the fourth round of the arena duels had many matchups, the one that people were truly waiting to watch was this 49th match. This 49th match was a battle between geniuses who had stepped through the gateway of the origin laws.n terms of power, the madman Luo Feng and the Savage Rong Jun were both well known!

Their battle was arranged to be on island number 00001. The ticket prices were extremely expensive too.

However…

The number of people who were actually trying to buy these tickets was an enormous number as well. Especially since that special broadcast was released…the names Madman and Savage spread immediately throughout the trillion galaxies. This video had made countless people anticipate the battle.

The time had finally come, China time year 2066, July 26th!

Within the virtual universe where the Huge Axe dojo had opened a space, island number 00001, a battle between absolute pinnacle warriors was about to happen! The participants were Madman Luo Feng and Savage Rong Jun.

“Madman!”

“Savage!”

“Luo Feng!”

“Rong Jun!”

The entire dojo’s one billion seats were filled to the brim. The battle hadn’t even begun, but the footage broadcasted on a big screen in the center of the arena had already caused the countless spectators to cheer and roar for the warriors they supported. Especially the Black Dragon Mountain empire and the Golden Sword empire, the spectators from these empires were shouting with pride for their own empire.

Simultaneously, within the preparation room.

Luo Feng was again wearing the dark grey armor and carrying a dark golden long rod. There were only two seats in this preparation room. A passionate staffer appeared beside and pointed at a seat as he spoke: “Mr Luo Feng, please rest here. The battle is about to begin soon.”

Luo Feng nodded and walked towards the seat and sat down.

In his ears, he clearly heard the roars and cheers that resembled a tsunami.

“Hu!”

A human silhouette appeared.

Luo Feng opened his eyes to look. It was a tall and sturdy, still barefooted, messy haired man. However just from him standing there, he gave off a formless energy and strength!

It was almost as though he was the heavens and land itself and this natural abundance of power and energy made Luo Feng crease his eyebrows: “When I saw him before, it was from a distance in the arena. And from footage…I didn’t expect that within his person, the energy and aura is that strong! That strength itself directly affects his character!”

Living beings had auras!

If one’s aura became incomparably strong. It would make others detect it easily, and it was strong enough to be called energy. Energy, this was a very broad term.

For example the normal people on earth with their thin and frail bodies, if they met a tall and sturdy and intimidating bandit, they could feel the pressure the enemy brought!

“Strong willpower, solid determination, strength, etc, all this contribute to the energy.

Like Luo Feng.

If the current him were to quietly train in the wilderness of earth, he would naturally emit an oppressing willpower. No matter how powerful the beasts were, they wouldn’t dare approach him.

“Mr Rong Jun, please rest here, the battle is about to begin.” The staff quickly received him.

“Hm.”

The savage youth sat directly opposite Luo Feng.

The two faced each other sitting.

The Savage youth’s tiger like eyes stared. It almost seemed like two beams of lightning were shooting out, making others not dare to make eye contact. Luo Feng however sat there like a dead volcano, silent, cold, emanating killing intent. This made it hard for others to even touch him.

“You are Luo Feng? Madman Luo Feng?” The Savage youth’s voice was thick and powerful.

With his eyes shut and silently seating, Luo Feng suddenly opened his eyes and looked at Savage.

If anyone compared Luo Feng’s appearance to the golden horned beast, they would realize their eyes and gaze were almost identical, cold yet filled with killing intent!

The Savage youth felt shock within, “This Madman, his killing intent is heavy.”

“Something the matter?” Luo Feng spoke.

“Yes!”

Savage nodded, his eyes staring at Luo Feng, “The losers’ circle matches, I’m very interested in the 9,374 matches. This sort of high density matches will be useful to my training. I will definitely go participate.”

Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, this Savage Rong Jun just said he wanted to take part in the losers’s circle matches. What did he mean?

“You are admitting defeat?” Luo Feng looked at Savage.

“No!” Savage stared at Luo Feng, “I’ve never had the mindset of admitting defeat. However, I will first defeat you! Then I will commit suicide and go participate in the loser’s’ circle matches!”

“Defeat me then suicide?” Luo Feng squinted his eyes.

“To obtain a slot in the namelist is not difficult for me at all.” Savage curled his lips, giving off a powerful battle aura, “I require battle, many many battles! Constantly training myself, and improving! Hence…Luo Feng, I hope you don’t disappoint me. Don’t let me defeat you in an instant!”

Within the preparation room.

Luo Feng closed his eyes and said coldly, “Relax, I will kill you directly, and send you to the losers’ circle!”

“Ah? I’m looking forward to it!” Savage smiled.

With his eyes shut and hearing these words, Luo Feng too revealed a smile.

Just from a few simple words, Luo Feng and Rong Jun already had a good feeling of their opponents. They were two people who were similar. They had absolute confidence in themselves, never admitting defeat and indomitable in spirit!

Battle!

Battle!

Luo Feng and Rong Jun both felt each other’s powerful fighting spirit and their absolute confidence!

“Mr Luo Feng, Mr Rong Jun, please head to the alley to prepare, the battle is about to begin.” The staffer came over and spoke carefully.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng and Savage stood at the same time. They exchanged glances, feeling each other’s fighting spirit from within, following which they both headed directly to the alley.

The entire arena was completely full. The people were like the ocean, all races of humans from the trillion galaxies were all cheering loudly.

“From the Black Dragon Mountain empire, the Madman Luo Feng. From the Golden Sword empire, the Savage Rong Jun. The two of them are walking out now!” The commentator was a man, his voice extremely loud.

“Madman!”

“Madman!”

“Savage!”

“Savage!”

The spectators from the hundreds of millions of galaxies were incomparably excited. Compared to their actual names, their nicknames were actually much more accepted throughout.

Within the arena.

Luo Feng and Rong Jun faced off.

“The both of you should already know the arena duel rules.” The commentator faced the two of them. “This battle will determine who gets the slot on the namelist. The winner between you two will get a slot, while the loser will have to fight in the loser’s circle, engaging in a long tedious amount of battles. The two of you should understand already.”

“Then right now, let the battle…begin!”

With that shout.

The sound reverberated throughout the entire dojo. The commentator immediately vanished and the one billion spectators suddenly became silent. Everyone stared at the large arena which contained the only two participants in the center.

……

The moment they heard the word begin, the two who had been suppressing themselves immediately exploded and unleashed their energies and auras simultaneously!

The strong usually had to suppress their energies. Just like how Luo Feng could not randomly explode and release his energies in presence of his family. As for someone like a sector lord to suppress his powers, even after suppression, with one look anyone could tell that his gaze gave of an extremely strong will power, causing normal star level warriors’ souls to not be able to withstand it and crumble.

Battle!

The first fight was between beliefs and willpower!

Using strong auras and energies to pressure and cause fear in the opponent, affecting their state of mind. This was naturally beneficial to one in battle!

Whether it was Rong Jun or Luo Feng, they had never met such a powerful opponent before, Hence, the two of them simultaneously released their energies, wanting to use it to affect their opponent’s mental state and to cause fear and doubt within him. Only with that sort of mental state…

Would the opponent’s strength potentially be reduced to only 60 or 70% of their full powers

“Hong!” Luo Feng’s eyes became ice cold. A formless heart palpitating killing intent spread throughout….infused with Luo Feng’s willpower and energy, immediately rushing at the opponent. A power that made people get distracted. Luo Feng was almost like a cold slaughtering absolute beast, standing upright and surveying the enemy.

“Hahaha…” Savage let out a carefree laughter, beneath his messy hair, his godlike eyes were locked on Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, let’s battle! Battle!” An incomparably strong killing intent and energy immediately spread from him, a powerful fighting spirit infused with Savage’s willpower…

Incomparably solid!

Immovable!

The auras clashed, the willpower and energies clashed, feeling each other’s strength.

“Rumble!”

“Rumble!”

Beams of glaring and razor sharp golden energy flowed out. Beams of heavy mountain like ground yellow energy flowed and these energies covered both Luo Feng and Rong Jun, circling them as the centers.


Chapter 414: Madness! Savagery!

“Battle, battle!” Savage was like a war god from the universe, roaring and his eyes were gleaming red.

Under the opponent’s influence, Luo Feng’s eyes were completely ice cold. His entire demeanor was like a beast being suppressed.

“Clang!”

Brandishing of blades!

Savage was barefooted. Every step he took had the strength and weight of 10 million kg. Even the arena with it’s diameter of 10km trembled as he took his steps. With just two steps, the tall and sturdy savage had already reached right before Luo Feng and that blade infused with ground yellow energy sliced straight at him.

Stepping on the soaring shuttle, Luo Feng fiercely retreated. His eyes staring hard, gritting his teeth, he squeezed out the words, “Kill!”

“Xiu!”

A golden light shot out from the dark golden long rod on his back. The 9 golden blades with complex engravings on them swiftly moved. Threads of gold weaved through the entire body, swiftly forming a golden blade! Compared to the blade from two months ago during the elimination round, the current golden blade Luo Feng had formed was much more stable and formidable.

Rumble!

A golden rainbow shot towards Savage.

“Break!!!” Savage’s expression struggled. He roared softly while brutally slicing straight at the golden rainbow. Under the pressure of his yellow energy flow, along with Luo Feng’s eyes gleaming ice cold, the golden rainbow almost seemingly wanted to dodge this blade.

“Dang!” Even though it seemed like it was about to dodge it, that blade seemed to move a few inches and directly sliced that golden rainbow, causing it to be smashed away. The entire golden blade trembled for abit, almost as though it was about to fall apart.

Savage couldn’t help but take a few steps back too, his grip on the blade too seemed to have weakened.

“Big brother and second brother were right. This punk’s attack is extremely heavy. There hasn’t been anyone so far, who was able to almost break apart my golden blade with just one slice.” From far in mid air while controlling the golden blade, Luo Feng’s expression changed slightly.

“Gold, as strong and piercing as the sun?”

Savage stuck out his tongue and licked his thick lips. Following which he violently roared, as though he was extremely excited.

“Savage!”

“Savage!”

The one billion spectators and the countless people were caught up in the moment, all roaring with all their might.

Within the arena.

“Go and die!” Luo Feng was still cold and not affected at all. As he coldly snorted, Immediately the golden blade floated again and accelerated, becoming a golden rainbow and rushing towards Savage.

Savage let out another roar and rushed straight towards it.

His pace fluctuated!

His silhouette became peculiar. Dodging time and again, it was completely erratic, swiftly closing in on Luo Feng.

“No matter what, I cannot let him get close.” Luo Feng stood on the soaring shuttle and increased the distance between them.

The golden rainbow once again rushed straight at Savage.

“Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang!”

Clashing with him time and again, almost like moving the ground and shaking the mountains. However, Savage seemed to be borrowing the energy from the clashes to change his direction and swiftly closing in on Luo Feng.

One had to know that at his level, one flash was a few hundred meters to kilometers of distance.

And Luo Feng couldn’t go too far, since with too much distance it would be extremely taxing to control his spirit weapon, which in turn would allow Savage the chance to draw close and attack! Luo Feng was afterall a controller, a long ranged fighter and not proficient at close combat.

“Incredible movement.” Luo Feng worked hard to dodge time and again, it was extremely dangerous!

Luckily relying on the comprehension of the gold origin laws, using the soaring shuttle had gotten much easier and his speed and flexibility had improved much more than before.

“This Luo Feng is really quick at fleeing.” Savage started to feel nervous. “Normally I’m able to immediately close in and kill a controller. However…this Luo Feng’s board spirit weapon is extremely nimble and flexible, dodging me everytime.”

……

The spectators in the arena, all one billion of them were all stunned by this scene.

These two, one strong and brutal. Even though he was charging head first, his movements were very peculiar, almost like an invincible war god as he chased down Luo Feng time and again.

The other was like an exceptional master, floating and dodging time and again against the opponent, making him unable to attack. At the same time controlling the spirit weapon to attack over and over!

It was two completely different styles of fighting.

One was a brutal fighter!

While, the other was a long ranged attacker!

“Savage is too strong. If this Madman slows down even just a little, just one slice would probably finish him.”

“This Madman is really strong. Everytime he clashes against that attack, that Savage’s body will definitely feel the tremors. In fact, he may even be already injured. If this goes on, Savage will definitely lose.”

……

Whether it was the one billion spectators in the arena or the countless people in the countless galaxies watching the broadcast all over, it did not matter what they deduced and concluded. Luo Feng and Rong Jun in the arena knew best about the predicament of their opponent.

Lightning fast attacks were exchanged over and over.

This carried on for a minute before stopping. Savage stood in the arena and stared at the distant Luo Feng. Luo Feng too had stopped, not continuing his attack.

“My hand.” Savage creased his eyebrows, feeling soreness in his entire right arm. The area between the thumb and the index finger had already ripped apart.

Matching force with force time and again!

Every attack was extremely terrifying. If it were a normal genius, just one clash would have broken his entire arm!

During the previous matches, when Luo Feng used the golden blade, with just one attack, he had broken the opponent’s entire arm. As one of the 9 godly weapons, using the Nan Shen Armament while combining origin laws and attacking, just how terrifying was that power? And Savage was well known for his brutality as well. Every slash he threw had cut right through every opponent.

Two incredibly strong forces had clashed head on.

Continuously for about 10 times!

“I can’t go on like this. If this goes on, my right arm will become useless.” Savage stared hard at Luo Feng, “I have to bear the brunt of every clash. Yet, he’s just a spirit reader…the clashes don’t even affect his body at all. I’m definitely losing out!”

In mid air, dressed in dark grey armor, Luo Feng was shocked, “Even after ten continuous clashes, he’s actually completely fine. Using the Nan Shen Armament and going full force eats up a lot of my spirit energy. These ten attacks have used up more than half of my spirit energy.”

If this happened in reality, everything could be provided for with his core.

He didn’t have to worry about his spirit energy running out at all!

However in the virtual universe world, his body was designed according to the virtual universe’s standard. Every person’s body and spirit energy was the same. Even though he could recover his spirit energy naturally every second…this speed and level of recovery of a star level 9 paled by far in comparison to the golden horned beast’s core.

He had met with a difficulty.

Savage’s right hand was injured, he couldn’t carry on meeting force with force either.

Luo Feng’s had less than half of his spirit energy left, he didn’t dare keep dragging this on.

What to do?

Bated breaths.

The entire arena went silent as two of them held their breath and stared at each other from afar. Even the one billion spectators were silent as they watched.

And the Ganwu universe country, the trillions of universe humans watching this pinnacle fight broadcast were all incomparably nervous and waiting in anticipation.

……

Virtual universe, Ganwu continent, the largest construct in one of the buildings on a floating island above.

Within that construct was a large hall. The entire floor surface of that hall was made of a dark greenish black peculiar looking crystal stone. On it were 64 slashes, which gave off a flicker that enticed people’s souls. It made the entire hall give off a natural and yet a dream like peculiar aura.

Countless thrones were separated in there, dispersed in an orderly fashion.

In front of the big hall was a large screen. On it was the broadcast of Luo Feng and Rong Jin’s battle.

“Virtual Universe Company actually placed both of them on the 00001 island. These two punks, their strengths are really not bad. However, they still can’t be considered as the top of our Ganwu universe country’s level.”

“This little bit of strength can’t make it to the top 10.”

“However the top 100 or so, that’s more like it.”

Blurry and scattered throughout the thrones were a bunch of men and women. Some tall while others tiny, some old and some young. The one thing they had in common was that their auras were all incomparably strong. Some blazing while others ice cold, this group of people with their incredible life spans held the top positions within the Ganwu universe country, sat together and discussed.

“Not interesting.”

“I still thought there’d be some surprise.”

“Same level as the previous years. Just average.”

This group of great existences talked very casually.

Within the arena.

Luo Feng and Savage had been silent for a total of 20 seconds, finally breaking the stalemate. As the arena duels at most lasted 5 minutes, the longer time dragged on..the space would shrink more to the point where Luo Feng who needed to dodge constantly would be at a disadvantage.

“Under the continuous attack from the Nan Shen Armament, you can still block.” Luo feng’s eyes gleamed with madness, “I respect you, hence…”

Luo Feng raised both his arms and pointed at Savage.

Weng!

A golden light shot out from behind Luo Feng’s back from the dark golden long rod, swiftly forming in mid air. This scene caused everyone in the arena and everyone watching the broadcast, even the group of great undying to stare with their eyes gleaming.

“What?” Savage’s face could barely contain his shock, “Second golden blade?”

Right!

In front of Luo Feng was a floating golden blade which had formed early on in the match. Yet, right now in mid air, a second blade was taking shape.

“Form!” Luo Feng grit his teeth. His expression was grim, as his consciousness had split, having to use his full strength to control both golden blades.

Nan Shen Armament, also known as the 9 level Hun Tian Yan, had a total of 9 levels to unleash.

The first level was Golden blade

The second level was the Sky piercing form.

The first level itself was the easiest. Even domain lords who didn’t understand the origin laws could use their strong spirit energy to form it. Of course…when one’s spirit energy wasn’t as strong, they had to rely on sufficient willpower and law origin comprehension to form it.

The first form, during the elimination stage, Luo Feng was already barely able to form it in reality!

The second form, sky piercing form, was hundreds to thousands of times harder!

The Sky piercing form required unleashing 9 golden blades and later combining these together…forming a golden true blade. Different from the illusionary form of the first level…as it condenses the energy and forms a one inch long golden true blade. This golden true blade’s power was extremely immense.

At this time, it had the right to be called Sky piercing!

……

Hence, Luo Feng had been trying from early on to bring out two golden blades. Afterall…only through unleashing 9 golden blades did they actually gain enough power to condense and become reality, making the Sky piercing form.

“In reality, I’m only a star level 7 spirit reader. My spirit energy strength isn’t strong enough, and I’m unable to unleash 2 blades.”

“However, in the virtual universe, my spirit energy is star level 9! Much stronger than in reality!”

“My spirit energy is much stronger than reality! I have a higher guarantee of unleashing it. from the elimination till now, over 2 months had already passed, during which time I’ve been training rigorously.Even before this arena duel, I already had a guarantee of unleashing two blades.” Luo Feng looked at Savage, roaring loudly, “Savage! Receive this!!!”

Rumble! Rumble!

The two golden blades, one on the left and one on the right, became two golden rainbows and rushed straight towards Savage.


Chapter 415: One Standing While Another Lays

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng!”

All the spectators on site, along with the countless humans from the hundreds of millions of galaxies all cheered excitedly. There were many articles and details regarding Luo Feng and Rong Jun which had been shared previously with many experts to analyze both their strengths.

Naturally the Nan Shen Armament was discussed as well. Hence, many of the audience knew of how hard it was to unleash the Nan Shen Armament. Luo Feng unleashing just one golden sword was already enough to make him invincible. Yet, right now he had actually simultaneously unleashed two golden swords, it was simply, too intrepid!

“Ah!!!”

Savage let out a low roar while taking a big step and closing a distance of 1km with just that step.

“Rumble! Rumble!”

Supporting the energy wave, two golden rainbows shot out.

“Break away!” Savage had a struggling expression while slashing as fast as lightning at the golden rainbows.

“Dang!”

At the instant of the clash, the direction of the his blade slightly changed. At the same time Savage immediately turned and used the shockwave from the impact to add on to his rotation, “Dang!” Blocking even the second golden rainbow!

“Chi!”

Fresh blood was spit out. Savage took two steps back as his expression paled. Regardless, his eyes were still burning with a stronger than ever battle spirit, shouting, “Luo Feng, the two golden blades are indeed very powerful. However…you having to disperse your energy evenly to control both of them. The power of each of these blades is only about 90% or so compared to the previous one!”

“Even with 90% power with the both of them combined, to be able to block it even once, I consider you powerful. Let’s see how many more times you can block it!” In mid air from a distance, Luo Feng squinted while shouting back, “Come again!”

“Haha…hahaha…”

Savage suddenly laughed loudly. At the same time he violently threw the blade in his hand.

Xiu!

The blade became a blurred image, almost like a secret weapon shooting towards Luo Feng.

“Hm?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows. In mid air the golden rainbow became an arc and blocked the blade. “Dang!” that blade was knocked away and landed far away on the ground within the arena.

“What’s he up to?”

The entire arena was noisy.

A fighter throwing away his weapon? It was like a fighter cutting off his own arm. He must be insane!

“What’s the matter?”

“Why did he throw away his weapon?”

“This Savage has admitted defeat?”

“Hm, that Madman Luo Feng from the Black Dragon Mountain starfield, ever since he took out two golden blades…that Savage knew he couldn’t win. Hence, he admitted defeat. That’s not strange at all!”

“Not even fighting it out and admitting defeat?”

The spectators were in a uproar of discussions.

Within the arena however, the two of them were silent.

Floating in mid air, Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, coldly looking at Savage on the ground. Even though they hadn’t met for too long, just from the simple exchanges of words and willpower, Luo Feng was very sure…the Savage before him had absolute confidence in himself. Even if he was about to lose, he would still fight it out till the end and never admitting defeat!

“Luo Feng!”

Standing in the arena, Savage stood there with blood still on his mouth. His eyes however were gleaming and he laughed loudly, “I never once cared about the internal selection with the Ganwu universe country! What i expect of myself is to at least enter the top 1,000 in the entire universe. Having said that, my true aim…is to be number one in the entire universe!!!”

Luo Feng was shocked.

The one billion spectators were all shocked. Even the countless humans watching the broadcast were shocked. At this moment, the entire Ganwu universe country’s countless humans were all stunned.

Entire universe’s number one?

His baseline is to enter the universe’ top 1,000? That was a place where countless geniuses from many universe countries fought to enter. On average, there wasn’t even one per universe country! He actually dared to say that his baseline was to enter the top 1,000, and his true goal was to be the number one in the entire universe. This was no simple arrogance.

It was simply madness!

Within the arena.

“You…”Luo Feng couldn’t help but be shocked too.

On the ground, Savage flipped his hand and brandished a new battle knife. This was a huge, pure black battle knife! Compared to the one before, this new knife was twice as large.

“I never expected that, to gain a slot in the Ganwu universe country, I’d be forced to take out this earth splitting blade.” Savage’s entire energy had changed. With the huge knife in his hand, Savage suddenly seemed to become like a wild war god, causing Luo Feng who was in mid air to shout out, “Whatever tricks you may have, take them out and then we’ll speak!!!”

Rumble! Rumble!

The two golden rainbows pierced straight towards him!

“Haha…”Savage laughed loudly.

Weng!

In an instant, there were suddenly two Savages in the arena. The two silhouettes rushed towards Luo Feng with terrifying speed.

“What!” Luo Feng who was controlling the two golden rainbows was extremely shocked. A spirit reader controller’s greatest fear was being unable to pinpoint the target. “Among these two Savages, one of them must be fake. However…with my spirit energy scan, both of them seem to be real. How can that be possible?”

Creating a phantom image was extremely simple.

In truth, if normal people of earth with their visual abilities were to watch Luo Feng’s level of warrior, with their shocking speed, , they would often see after images. Almost as though there was another silhouette of the same person present. And in truth, no matter how fast one moved, it would still only be one person!

Even with a spirit scan, it was not easy to uncover.

“Arc light! Arc light!!!” Luo Feng roared, shocked within.

The golden horned beast’s two great techniques, one of which was the Absolute space.

The first level of Absolute space was Arc Light. The moment it was established, one’s movement could cause the space to warp, creating a second body.

The second level of Absolute space was ‘1,000 forms.’ The moment it was established, one could even create a 1,000 to 10,000 bodies within an area.

The third level of Absolute space was Teleportation. At this point, one would even be invincible amongst the undying.

Even Luo Feng’s teacher, the Master of the Yun Mo Planet had never reached the point of Teleportation. Even among the many generations of golden horned beasts, very very few of them ever made it.

This technique was actually a secret technique for the origin laws of space.

For those who have some comprehension of the space origin laws, they too could replicate the effect of Arc Light. When their bodies followed a peculiar arc line and under the influence of extreme speeds, they could create the effect of two bodies. And that instantaneous acceleration in speed…was extremely shocking too!

Virtual universe, within that large construct in the floating island above the Ganwu continent.

In the huge thrones, all the great undyings were in a seated position. Initially,they didn’t seem to really care about the battle, however at this point…

“Space origin law!”

“It’s space!”

“And his comprehension is pretty high as well. It doesn’t even seem any lower than his comprehension of the ground origin laws. He’s actually able to cause the space to warp and create a second body.”

“This punk!”

“Within our Ganwu universe country, there hasn’t been a genius like him in a very long time.”

“Mad, this punk is definitely mad enough. No wonder he dared to say that his baseline was the universe top 1,000, while his true aim is to reach number one amongst all! Ground and space, comprehension of these two laws at such a level! With his domain reaching level 9, just who trained and nurtured such an absolute genius?”

The group of great undying were all shocked.

Because, for a universe level warrior to step through the gateway of the origin laws, they were already considered outstanding geniuses. However these belong to the galaxy level geniuses.

While others like Nabini or Hong, they belong to the category of starfield geniuses.

By unleashing one golden blade, Luo Feng had belonged to the universe country level of genius. However, unleashing two blades… that was the pinnacle of a universe country level genius.

As for Savage!

“Ground and space comprehension, and such a deep comprehension at that. And this is only a star level punk. He’s really close to the peak.

He…

He belonged to the category of geniuses for the entire universe of humans! And amongst them,he was still at the very peak!

“Arc light?” Luo Feng who had been rigorously studying Absolute space, only understood then what was going on with his opponent.

“Go and die!!!”

In mid air, Luo Feng pointed at Savage and roared.

Rumble! Rumble!

Two golden rainbows respectively shot in two different directions. One at each Savage, one who can be seen with the naked eye, and the other who was picked up with a spirit scan. It seemed like there were two Savages. However in truth…there was only one. Only because he warped the space around him, he created the effect of a mirror image of himself.

“Haha…”Savage laughed, seemingly not caring about the two golden rainbows shooting at him, while he still aimed directly at Luo Feng.

“Break!”

The distant Luo Feng roared.

Having been studying Absolute space all this while, he was very clear about that first level and its power! And because he was clear of it…Luo Feng knew that even if he shot out the two golden rainbows they would be dodged. Hence the best thing to do was…

Break!

The two golden rainbows immediately dispersed into eighteen golden little blades and madly engulfed his surroundings in all directions!

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Immediately they dispersed and shot out!

Immediately two of the little blades that were shot, hit Savage’s body. Even though their power was weaker after dispersing, they still affected his movement.

“Die!”

Luo Feng surveyed below him. At the same time the two soaring shuttles beside him shot out two beams of golden light, forming two golden swordfishes!

Dispersing the golden blades! and using the swordfish formation!

Simultaneous exchange!

The two golden swordfish shot towards the Savage whose movement had been affected.

“What?” Savage was shocked instantly, “With my comprehension of the space origin laws and movement, my instantaneous acceleration is shockingly fast. If his golden blades were a bit further away, I would have been able to easily dodge them.” Even if there were two or three little blades that got close to him, it wouldn’t have meant anything. Afterall there were a total of 18 little blades.

Instead, they completely affected Savage’s speed and acceleration, breaking his momentum.

“Chi! Chi!”

The two golden fish had already closed the distance.

“Dang! Dang!”

Savage waved the huge blade before him. It was almost like space itself was being suppressed, as it split the two golden fish. After which, he raised the blade high and sliced it straight at Luo Feng!

“Go!” Savage slashed down. With the combination of the his domain and the space origin laws, he had completely suppressed Luo Feng.

“Go and die!” Luo Feng roared.

Rumble! Rumble!

The eighteen little golden blades which were separated at a distance, swiftly formed back into two golden blades behind Savage. During the time Savage slashed at Luo Feng, the two golden rainbows shot towards Savage. Even though he had sensed the danger through his domain, Savage not only didn’t bother to dodge it,but instead roared, “Go and die!”

“Peng!”

His blade was fast as lightning!

Luo Feng gripped his shield. He was feeling as though an entire mountain had come crushing down on him with a huge rumble. At the point, he lost his consciousness.

“Peng!” After Savage’s slash, he tried to dodge but he had already missed his chance.

Xiu! Xiu!

Due to inertia, the two golden rainbows continued their motion. One brushed past his body while the other shot right through his chest, creating hole as big as a bowl. His internal organs were all ruptured and fresh blood were spewing from within…

“Boom!”

Savage landed on the floor as fresh blood was flowing from his chest wound. Like a heavily wounded war god, he still stood there and stared at Luo Feng’s body.

And at that time, the two golden blades once again separated into eighteen little golden blades and dropped, clanging on the floor of the arena. Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang! Continuous clanging could be heard loud and clear, resounding throughout the arena.

The one billion spectators were all silent. All of them were watching the two absolute geniuses in the arena.

One stood there.

The other lay on the ground.


Chapter 416: Ranking

Savage stood there silently, looking at Luo Feng’s corpse on the ground.

“Luo Feng.” Savage muttered, “My earlier plan was to defeat you and then commit suicide! And after go engage in the loser’s circle matches. However, your power far exceeded my imagination and what I expected. Without unleashing my full strength, there was no way I could defeat you! Compared to the effects of the long training in the loser’s circle, , defeating you…was more important!”

“And with you risking it all, I couldn’t defeat and spare you.” Savage recapped the scene before, still shaken from it.

This Luo Feng’s reaction was too quick.

According to his expectations, the moment he unleashed his true strength with both ground and space origin laws unleashed, just that instantaneous movement which produced a mirror image would make Luo Feng too shocked and distracted. Even if he used the golden rainbows to attack, Savage could easily dodge it. At this point, he would close their distance immediately and slash at Luo Feng who wouldn’t be able to resist and would be heavily damaged.

And after that he would withdraw and commit suicide.

Everything would have been very simple!

However in reality, it didn’t go at all like how he had imagined. At the time he unleashed his powers, Luo Feng chose the least fatal attacking path, as the two golden blades that separated into eighteen little blades and revolved around him. These eighteen little blades shot out in all directions together, covering the surrounding space and immediately breaking his formation and movement.

Simultaneously, he used two golden fish to attack!

The battle of these two!

In an instant, Luo Feng controlled these eighteen little blades to swiftly reform the golden blades and attack from behind!

“Returning one move after another.”

“From the time I unleashed my strength till the end of the battle, it wasn’t even 0.1seconds.”

“The dispersed golden blade actually broke my formation. Immediately using the soaring shuttle to attack and then using the reformed golden blades again to retaliate, and the timing was very precise. If he had hesitated for just a little, allowing me to to use that space to attack, he would have been done for. To be able to think of everything within that short 0.1 seconds, but also execute everything perfectly.”

“Calm and collected!”

“Absolute calm.” Savage looked at Luo Feng’s body, filled with respect, “I could never achieve your level of calmness.”

Indeed!

Luo Feng and his brother Luo Hua, the calmness was engraved deep within their bones.

And on earth, Luo Feng had experienced many life or death experiences, especially during the possession of the golden horned beast, he had already thought he would die. These experiences allowed Luo Feng to maintain his calm despite any dangers! And the bloodline of the golden horned beast affected him too as the specialty of the golden horned beast was to slaughter coldly!

Add on his Big and second brother’s mental state training.

In terms of calmness…amongst the 100 or so geniuses that stepped through the gateway of the origin laws, Luo Feng was at the top!

Actually!

All three of them from earth were exceptional in that sense. In terms of perfect harmony between man and nature and spirit, Luo Feng couldn’t compare to his two older brothers. However the absolute ice cold calmness, along with the influence of the golden horned beast’s bloodline allowed him to measure up to the highest level of ancient studies and training from earth which were comprehended by Hong and Thunder god.

Hong and thunder god, had purely studied the chinese and indian cultures to their highest levels.

Even though Luo Feng was weaker within, he was still much stronger than any genius within the universe who hasn’t trained his mental state at all. That, added on top of the bloodline of the golden horned beast, in terms of calm, he could compare to to his brothers.

“Congratulations to Rong Jun!!!”

The loud and clear voice resounded throughout the arena, “And thanks to Luo Feng, the two of them have delivered such an exciting match to our trillions of people within the Ganwu universe country. This was definitely this time’s genius match’s most exciting match till now. However, there will always be a victor and a loser!”

“This battle, Rong Jun is the victor! Rong Jun also receives a slot in our Ganwu universe namelist. He has the right to represent the Ganwu universe country and competing against the geniuses from the other universe countries.”

“Let us anticipate…the matches Rong Jun will be fighting in with the other geniuses from all over the universe, eventually grabbing even more honor.”

Rumble!

The one billion spectators erupted in cheers, some cheering for Savage Rong Jun while others still cheered for Madman Luo Feng. This match was definitely a lot more exciting than a lot had expected. When Luo Feng’s strength was unleashed, many actually expected Luo Feng to be the victor.

Who would have expected Rong Jun to be so sick, to be able to actually produce a mirror image and finally that final slash was even more brutal!

Luo Feng was dead, while Rong Jun was heavily injured!

Virtual universe, Ganwu continent, within a large palace.

Within one of the large palaces, close to 1,000 youths were gathered All of them were looking up at the screen and on it was the battle between Luo Feng and Rong Jun which had just ended.

“Amongst you all, some have already acquired a slot in the namelist. Some are about to participate in their 4th match!” Below the screen, a tall and sturdy, green horned single eyed man roared softly, “You are our Ganwu universe country’s most exceptional of this generation, many of you think you are really something. Look at this! Look at these two! All of you look carefully!”

Finishing up, the green horned single eyed man walked out of the palace.

Within the palace.

A group of youths, men and women, all had complex expressions, pained expressions.

“Stronger than me, both of them are stronger than me.” A handsome cat eared youth shook his head.

“That Madman, those two golden blades of his… I wouldn’t be able to block it.”

“Too strong.”

“To actually be able to unleash two golden blades, I can barely even manage one.”

“These two.”

“That Luo Feng, I still have confidence to beat him. But that Rong Jun, according to Teacher’s assessment, he has a comprehension of the origin laws, and that movement, that slash…” An at least 8m tall and sturdy wild giant youth muttered softly, shaking his head.

Ganwu continent, floating island, within that huge construct.

The blurry images of the thrones, the great and eternal undying, were all discussing the battle.

“How long has it been, in the history of our Ganwu universe country genius duels, since such a level of battle was held?”

“Prior to more than 300 Genius competitions. Back then the Iron head general was a star level 7, only his battle could match up to this.”

“Right, over 300 genius competitions before! In the blink of an eye, close to 2 million years have passed.”

“Haha… My match back then could barely compare to this one. 1.89 million years have passed since then and I’ve already become an undying. However back then my opponent wasn’t weaker than me. It was a pity that when he became a domain lord, he went to the battlefield outside the starfield and died.” A resounding voice infused with a metallic feeling boomed.

“The path of an undying, is incomparably difficult. Amidst the way, it’s filled with dangers. the number of geniuses that have fallen along the way is already countless.”

“The fallen geniuses, many of them can only be deemed geniuses within a galaxy or a star field. And geniuses like Luo Feng and Rong Jun, these two punks…this level of absolute geniuses, the chances of their death are much lower.”

“True!”

“If it were in the Ganwu secret area, these pinnacle geniuses would be incomparably respected, lowering their chances of death the most. However, if it were in the Virtual Universe Company…there are too many pinnacle geniuses there. Hence, the competition is intense and the elimination rate is even higher. The number of geniuses who die there compared to our secret area is much much more.”

“They require only the true absolute strong among the geniuses.”

“Hm!”

“This time, this Rong Jun will definitely rank at the top of our universe country. And becoming the top 1,000 in the entire universe wouldn’t be a problem either. As for whether he’s able to make it as number one of the entire universe, I think the chances are extremely low. Instead, if it’s top 10, there’s still a possibility.”

“Right.”

“Rong Jun, is definitely the number one in our Ganwu universe’s geniuses. Luo Feng, should be able to rank in the top 10.”

“Hm, that Luo Feng punk was very calm! I really like him, that calmness…his chances of dying in the future are very low too.”

Luo Feng didn’t know that this group of undying from the Ganwu universe were ranking him and Rong Jun by their strengths. He was still thinking of his previous battle.

“Nimble and flexible!” Luo Feng’s consciousness returned to reality, within his earth home’s study.

“My flexibility still isn’t enough A spirit reader controller stepping on a spirit weapon should originally attack from afar! The moment a fighter closes in…that’s just suicide.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, “As long as I’m nimble enough, making that Rong Jun unable to even touch me, at least I wouldn’t be at a disadvantage immediately!”

“Hm!”

“Space origin laws, I haven’t even touched the door. However the long periods of training in Absolute space, my instantaneous movement speed has increased too.” Luo Feng thought, “When I return, I have to find a flying spirit weapon that suits me best. As for the soaring shuttle…it’s too dispersed, not concentrated enough!”

……

Reflecting on every battle, this was the habit ingrained into every student of the Dojo of Limits.

Luo Feng reflected on the battle for over a half hour before entering the virtual universe network.

Virtual universe network, Black Dragon Mountain island, 9 star bay.

“Thirdie, you’ve only returned now, where did you go after the battle?” Thunder god stood in the grass patch of Luo Feng’s villa. He was waiting there along with an entire group including Xu xin and others there.

“Daddy!”

“Daddy, you were too powerful!”

Little Hai and Ping Ping rushed over to hug Luo Feng.

“Big brother, that was a beautiful match.” Luo Hua revealed a happy expression, “Right now the entire Ganwu universe country has been shaken. Countless people are debating about you. You can go into the Virtual universe company’s page and take a look, many people are leaving messages…saying you and Rong Jun definitely belong to our universe country’s strongest geniuses.”

“Hm, outside’s gone crazy.” Xu Gang nodded and sighed, “Brother in law, you lost the match, but the entire Black Dragon Mountain island won an incomparably exciting bustle.”

Indeed.

Actually many people from the universe couldn’t even understand the little details of the battle between Luo feng and Rong Jun. However, once the battle ended, Rong Jun was already deemed unanimously by a large amount of sector lords and even undying’s as Ganwu universe country’s number one! Not only that, he was also considered to be the strongest out of hundreds of geniuses competitions before.

Number one out of hundreds of competitions before? This match was naturally roaring like a raging flame.

Rong Jun and Luo Feng’s reputation immediately soared.

“Where’s big brother?” Luo Feng asked curiously.

“Big brother and Luo are in his house.” Thunder god pointed at Hong’s house, “About 10 minutes after your battle, the founder of the Three Axe Mountain named the time sector lord Luo came.”

“Time sector lord? And Big brother?”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but feel nervous.

……

Within the living room of Hong’s house.

The old man with a head full of white sat opposite Hong.

“You don’t regret it?” Luo looked at Hong, “Following me means you won’t be able to return for 20,000 years.”

“Hm!”

Hong nodded lightly. His eyes were calm, without any hesitation.


Chapter 417: Three Years of Hellish Training

“Can you tell me why you’ve suddenly decided to take me as your teacher even though the deadline hasn’t been reached?” The time sector lord Luo looked curiously at the youth from earth, “Does it have anything to do with your third brother’s match that just ended?”

“Yes!”

Hong nodded and sighed, “Yes, that match made me realize…I didn’t expect that in the blink of an eye, my third brother and I had that much of a gap in power.”

He knew Luo Feng was strong, but he never expected him to be that strong.

“If I continue on my own isolated ways without the teachings of a teacher, I think…the difference between my third brother and I will keep getting larger. I will get left behind even further.” Hong shook his head and laughed, “Actually it’s not just my third brother, I can feel the stress coming from my second brother too. Ever since he received the inheritance, his strength has been growing at an obviously much faster rate.”

“Hm.”

The time sector lord Luo smiled and nodded, “It’s good you feel the pressure! How about this, you get ready, then take a universe ship to meet up with me. I’ll give you a day’s time to say your goodbyes with your family.”

“Ok.” Hong nodded.

Not long after the time sector lord left, Luo Feng and Thunder god entered.

“You are here, sit.” Hong pointed at the two seats beside him.

“Big brother, what’s going on?” Thunder god stared at Hong, “That founder of the Three Axe Mountain, the time sector lord, why did he suddenly come? Didn’t he give you 10 days worth of time to think about it? There’s still another two to three days left.”

Luo Feng looked at Hong, feeling nervous inside.

“I looked for teacher myself.” Hong said.

“Teacher?” Luo Feng and Thunder god’s expression changed.

“You’ve really decided to go with the time sector lord?” Thunder god said nervously, “This will be a trip that’s at least 20,000 years. Can you imagine what 20,000 years is? Our China’s recorded history and culture is only 5,000 years old, in an instant you’ll be leaving for 20,000 years, this…this is simply…”

“We can still meet in the virtual universe.” Hong smiled.

“It’s different.” Thunder god shook his head.

Luo Feng looked at Hong’s expression, saying softly, “Big brother, have you decided?”

Hong looked over and nodded, Yes!”

“This trip, you won’t be seeing earth for 20,000 years, won’t be seeing my home and you won’t be able to smell the air of home for awhile.” Luo Feng looked at him.

“Since I’ve taken this path to reach the pinnacle of strength, what can I not sacrifice?” Hong shook his head, “My children have long married and I have no attachments! If needed, I can just meet my children in the virtual universe. As for my home, the place that raised me, I’ll leave it in my memories! I have to sacrifice some things to gain some!”

“When my wife died and my children married and had their families, the most important thing in my life became martial arts!”

“Wandering the universe, seeing the many weird and peculiar things within, chasing after the pinnacle of life, that’s the sort of life I like.” Hong’s eyes had a glimmer of light, “In the vast universe the strong are as numerous as the clouds. My aim is to not just become strong within that universe, but to become one of the most outstanding and strongest!”

Luo Feng and Thunder god exchanged glances, feeling their big brother’s absolute confidence and aspirations.

To be able to reach a high level in the path of martial arts, one first had to have an absolute level of aspiration, only then will he work towards that dream!

“Second and third brother!” Hong turned to look at both of them, laughing, “You two should be happy for me. Both of you already have your own inheritance. Can you bare to look at your big brother isolate himself and train alone?”

“Ah…” Thunder god was shocked, following which he laughed loudly, “Big brother, well said! Thirdie and I both have our inheritance. You go and follow that time sector lord. We will then be able to compare…just which of the three brothers will be stronger next time!”

“Bring it on!” Hong laughed too.

“Big brother and second brother, I’ll take the lead for now.” Luo Feng laughed.

“You better be careful and maintain your lead, otherwise your second brother and I may just catch up in the blink of an eye.” Hong looked at Luo Feng. Thunder god said too, “Yes yes yes, thirdie, your big brother and I didn’t have a good teacher in the beginning. Now that we have proper guidance, our strength will immediately soar… and your big brother’s comprehension is incredibly high, I don’t have to speak much about it! Hence, you better be careful!”

“If you have the skills, come chase after me!”

Luo Feng laughed loudly.

The three brothers of earth laughed happily. However, unknowingly, the corners of their eyes were a little wet.

……

Milky way, earth, Asia continent, Hong Ning base.

China time year 2066, July 27, evening about 5pm. The sun had yet to set behind the mountains, and the sky was red. A dark blue disc shaped universe ship was floating in the air above Hong Ning base. The entire Dojo of limits, all the upper echelon along with Hong’s family had all gathered.

After saying goodbye to his family and friends, this special, ultimate warrior of earth, finally left alone in that universe ship.

“Goodbye!”

“Haha, don’t be like that. I’ll meet you in the virtual universe!”

With a laugh, Hong flew into the universe ship.

Rumble!

The universe ship fiercely accelerated and flew into the sky.

“Big brother, all the best!” Thunder god stood in mid air, he couldn’t help but shout out.

Similarly standing in mid air, Luo Feng raised his head to watch the universe ship leave muttering, “All the best.”

On this day.

Year 2066, July 27th, the ultimate pinnacle of warriors of earth Hong took the universe ship and left his home. This trip was going to be a very very long one…

The day of the 4th round of the genius duels. After the battle between Luo Feng and Rong Jun had ended, that same day all the other matches had ended too. A total of 625 victors were chosen. As for the other 9375 who entered the losers circle, they had three days of rest before they had to begin a high density, tedious round of fights.

Every one of them had to battle 9374 times just to get a slot in the remaining 275 of the namelist.

……

Earth, Jiang Nan base, Yang Zhou city.

“Big brother is gone.” Luo Feng sat on the balcony of his castle. He was lying alone there, lifting a cup of tea, “He’s gone with that time sector lord to wander the universe…” In his mind, he reminisced about every scene from the past clearly. In his ears he could still clearly hear the laughter the three of them shared yesterday along with their vows.

“In a few thousand years, even tens of thousands of years, we three brothers will compete again.”

“Right, we’ll compete!”

“We’ll compete, who’s afraid?”

This was the vow of the brothers!

Whether it was Hong, Thunder god or Luo Feng, they all walked this path to reach the pinnacle of life itself. And this path was filled with twists and dangers, one could fall easily if he was careless!

“Peng!” Luo Feng put down down the cup his eyes gleaming, “Big brother, you work hard and I won’t relax either!”

“Babata, enter the virtual universe!”

Luo Feng split a thread of his consciousness to enter the virtual universe. In terms of consciousness strength…the universe level golden horned beast’s consciousness level was completely capable of splitting a part to maintain consciousness in reality while the other part was in the virtual universe.

Virtual universe, within the slaughterhouse slaughter space.

This was a vast space.

Luo Feng stood in space.

“Wahaha…”The demon Babata jumped about and shouted, “Luo Feng, the arena duel just ended. You have 3 days of rest, it’s only the first day and you’ve already entered the slaughterhouse, so hardworking. Speak, what kind of opponent do you want me to set up for you. Haha, I love training you the most!”

“I want a spirit weapon.” Luo Feng emphasized, “A spirit weapon specialized just for flying, it should also be good for twisting about in small spaces.”

Since the battle with Savage Rong Jun, he had obviously felt his own flexibility and speed was insufficient in the face of the opponent’s speed.

“Ah?”

“You’ve found the weakness?” Babata rubbed his chin with his small hand, floating above, he looked at Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, are you looking for a long term or short term effect?”

“Long term? And short term?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

The little demon nodded, “Right, short term, is to increase your nimbleness as much as possible in a short amount of time, requiring only 10 days to half a month! As for long term…that would mean working from the basics one step at a time, at the same time, picking a spirit weapon that would accompany you for a very very long time.”

“Long term!” Luo Feng emphasized, “I don’t lack time.”

“Very well!”

The little demon pointed his finger and raised his head, “Your choice is very wise.”

“Then I’ll pick a flying spirit weapon for you. The most suitable for gold and space origin laws would be a level 5 spirit weapon…The dark cloud shuttle!” The little demon smiled, “Of course during the beginning, you’ll probably not even be able to match up to the soaring shuttle’s efficiency, however there’s no rush, I will train you well.”

“How long do you think it’ll take for my speed and flexibility to increase greatly?” Luo Feng asked.

“Depends on your comprehension.”

The little demon said, “The higher you comprehension, the comprehension of the origin laws will be faster too. With my sequence of training, I estimate you’ll qualify in a year. If your comprehension is poor and you don’t work hard enough, even a hundred years won’t be sufficient.”

“A sequence of training?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

“Hehe!” The little demon curled his lips and smiled, “Slowly, what we have is time. I will train you well.”

From the year 2066, july 30th, the losers circle matches began, in terms of density in truth, one had to battle 10 times in a day! With Luo Feng’s speed, he was able to finish a match in one minute. Hence, every duel may be taxing for his opponents.

However for Luo Feng, he was completely relaxed.

Afterall, he was ranked among the top ten of the Ganwu universe country geniuses. As for this loser’s circle, including him, there were a total of 49 others who had stepped through the gateway of the origin laws. And of which, only two were capable of matching up to Luo Feng.

Hence…

The loser’s circle matches were very easy. In fact they became the grounds for Luo Feng to test his battle strategies.

Within the slaughterhouse.

It was a large grass patch and on it was a blur of countless bloodbirds covering the skies and flying towards Luo Feng.

“Dodge! Dodge! Dodge! Don’t even touch them!”

“Damn, faster! you have to be fast.”

“This test, there’s a possibility of scoring a 100%!”

The little demon roared.

And Luo Feng stood on the black peculiar shuttle spirit weapon, this Dark cloud shuttle naturally extended black skin that wrapped about Luo Feng’s boots. Luo Feng’s entire being had already becom a blurry image, dodging constantly under the attacks of the countless blood birds.

“Chi! Chi! Chi!” As soon as he was hit by one bird, he was subsequently hit by others.

When he was hit by three of them.

Rumble!

All the blood birds vanished.

“You failed again!” The little demon stared at Luo feng with his red eyes, roaring angrily, “Continue your basics training! I have never seen you so stupid!” With a wave of his hand…immediately the surrounding grass patch vanished, and became a large machinery factory, within it were many complex apparatus.

“Begin!”

The little demon roared.

Luo Feng remained calm all the while. Babata’s words didn’t seem to affect him at all.

……

Under Babata’s constructed Hell Training, Luo feng instead seemed to become even crazier. The little demon’s words too slowly changed from the initial stupid, to average, to very weak, and finally, still passable.

And the golden horned beast was spending all its energy on the Deities of the world and Absolute space, along with the training of the gold origin laws.

This way…

Time passed, the loser’s circle duels didn’t take much of Luo Feng’s energy. In fact, they became a place to test his strengths. Babata’s Hell training however was something that took up all his energy everyday.


Chapter 418: The Madman of three Years Later

Time passed, even the great beings who had completely grasped the time origin laws, may be able to shortly stop or reverse time. However, the universe itself had automatic recovery abilities, even the most powerful beings were unable to strongly warp or affect the universe’s flow.

The broadcast of the losers circle duels were like a television series, being broadcasted non stop.

Afterall there were over 9000 participants. It was hard to avoid special situations where the battle times had to extend or delay a few days.

China year 2069, March 2nd, the final day of the duels.

Virtual universe, floating island above the Ganwu continent, in a luxurious living room of a large construct.

Dressed in a simple white robe, an old man stood there while politely bowing, “Sword Deity.” Beside him was an intrepid man dressed in golden armor. His face was filled with gold scales and on his forehead was a curve, like an arc blade golden horn. His entire being was like a ground and sky splitting golden battle blade!

Even in the virtual universe, that powerful consciousness and pressure from it was enough to make even a universe level warrior’s consciousness crumble. If it were Luo Feng who saw this person, he would be shocked, “Someone who looks so much like Bai Kalo, only that his green scales have turned gold.”

“This is the Luo Feng you speak of?” The golden armored man looked at the screen.

On the screen was a broadcast of a match that was about to happen.

“Yes! Today is the last day of the duels, and this battle should be the last day’s most exciting one.” The old man dressed in a simple white robe smiled.

“Ah? If you are introducing him, you think…this punk has the right to enter the universe top 1,000?” The golden armored man asked.

“Sword deity, you’ll know the moment you watch it.” The white robed man said.

On the screen.

Dressed in a dark grey armor carrying that dark golden long rod, Luo Feng was facing a dual blade wielding dwarf youth.

“Rumble!” The dwarf youth turned into a bolt of lightning and rushed forward, immediately reaching close to Luo Feng. However, with a poof sound, the expressionless Luo Feng on the Dark cloud shuttle who had golden energy wrapped about him, immediately became a golden light and easily escaped.

“Go!”

Rumble!

A golden blade appeared in mid air amidst the golden energies, swiftly emanating about. It immediately attacked that dwarf youth. The dwarf youth roared. As a green energy was emanating from his body and the two blades were brandished, almost as though his entire body had become a huge wave to receive the blows of the golden rainbow.

“Chi!” Just as the golden rainbow drew close, it actually did a perfect S Shaped arc and brushed past the side of the blades, immediately slicing through the opponent’s head.

Luo Feng, victory!

……

Within the living room.

“What do you think?” The simple dressed old man smiled.

“Hm, not bad, not bad at all.” The golden armored man nodded, “This little punk already has a grasp of the spirit reader controller’s essence! His level 5 spirit weapon Dark cloud shuttle, its use is actually relaxed and perfect. And his instantaneous dodging ability is extremely fast, and obviously relaxed.”

“That Nan Shen Armament, when infused with the golden origin laws and unleashed together, it is as strong and piercing as the sun. Normally, the users have difficulty changing its direction! However he actually managed to, in short distance, doing an S shaped complex maneuver while relaxed. He’s already made great progress with the first form!”

“His basics are exceptional.” The golden armored man nodded, following which he creased his eyebrows, “However, from my estimate, with this amount of strength, he should at most make it into the ranges of 3,000 to 5,000 of the entire universe.”

1,008 universe countries, a million absolute geniuses gathered.

To make it into the top 1,000 was too difficult.

“Haha…watch this one.” The white robed old man pointed at the screen, swiftly picking out the battle of Luo Feng and Rong Jun from that year.

“Rong Jun? I’ve heard of him, I heard he’s your Ganwu universe country’s most outstanding youth.” The golden armored man looked until the end and said softly, “This Rong Jun is indeed strong. However, for him to get the number one spot with his level of strength, there’s no possibility at all. Although, making it into the top 10 of the universe, there’s still some chance in that.”

“No chance at all?” the white robed old man was shocked greatly.

“Hm, in this genius battle, there’s a super genius.” The golden armored man couldn’t help but exclaim, “Even more powerful than the number one geniuses from previous competitions. His space origin laws comprehension exceeds a large amount of sector lords.”

“Ah?” The white robed old man was shocked.

“As for Luo Feng, I know why you’ve shown me this footage.” The golden armored man exclaimed, “The most shocking thing is, when he competed with Rong Jun…his flying and dodging speed back then was obviously taxing, the control was rough, purely relying on spirit energy to control the directions. Compared to that, having taken a look at that broadcast, his control of the dark cloud shuttle is already very perfect. The control of the Nan Shen Armament too…his improvement is very shocking! His comprehension of the origin laws has risen quite a bit too.”

“Right. How long does your Ganwu universe country’s internal selection, the losers circle matches last?” The golden armored man asked.

“Not even three years.” The white robed old man replied.

“Not even three years?” The golden armored man couldn’t help but say, “This Luo Feng, was he hiding his power during his battle with Rong Jun?”

“No, through his 9374 matches, in every battle, his improvement was very obvious!” The white robed old man exclaimed, “Before these matches, he was at most the top ten of our universe country. And now, with less than three years passing, probably only Rong Jun is his match. Many of the undying in our Ganwu secret area are all watching him, his improvement speed…is too shocking.”

“And in the losers circle duels, his opponents aren’t strong. Hence, they haven’t been able to force him to use his true strength. I even suspect…his true strength is even greater than what he’s been displaying!” The white robed old man said, “And from right now to the final duels, there’s still quite a bit of time, he can continue to improve.”

“Hm.”

The golden armored man curled his lips and smiled, “If he continues to improve, up to the pinnacle duels of the geniuses from the 1,008 universe countries, he may actually make it into the top 1,000. However, it’s still hard to say.”

When the two undyings from the Ganwu secret area and the Virtual Universe Company were discussing Luo Feng, Luo Feng was in the preparation room of arena 00001.

Within the room.

“That Luo Feng!”

“This Luo Feng, how is his improvement so fast?”

“The teacher from the secret area said that Luo feng is able to be ranked as the number two genius of our universe country.”

When the black haired youth dressed in dark grey armor appeared in the preparation room, it immediately aroused many soft discussions. The duels had lasted a little less than three years. Luo Feng’s shocking improvement speed had attracted the attention of many strong warriors.

“Madman!” A strong thick voice resounded.

Luo Feng turned to look. It was an almost one storey tall Savage Rong Jun. His hair was still messy as always and he was still barefooted.

“Savage!” Luo Feng shouted too.

“Hahaha…” Savage laughed loudly, a smile too appeared on Luo Feng’s face. These two had always addressed each other with their names before. This sudden nickname call…was also a joke.

“Luo Feng, your improvement is huge, you haven’t relaxed at all in these three years.” Savage said very respectfully to Luo Feng.

No matter how powerful a genius was, it was mostly his natural talent that was high. If he didn’t work hard, he would ultimately still be eliminated. Luo Feng’s huge improvement…one could only imagine how hard he worked secretly.

“I don’t dare to relax.” Luo Feng shook his head, “With you in front, how could I dare?”

“Attention all! Enter the arena!”

The organizer from the Virtual Universe Company shouted. Immediately the 1,000 geniuses followed the pathway into the arena.

Today there weren’t any spectators.

1,000 absolute geniuses from the different galaxies of the Ganwu universe country stood there, looking at the giant before them! Before the 1,000 most exceptional geniuses of the Ganwu universe country was a giant who was at least 8m tall. Beside him, even Savage would look like a little doll. This giant was wearing a scaled battle robe, and a helmet. His entire being emanated a bloody energy, his eyes…seemed like the death god gazing at the group of geniuses.

Bated breaths.

1,000 geniuses, they couldn’t help but perspire from their foreheads.

“In the virtual universe, just his aura alone is that terrifying?” Luo Feng too couldn’t help but control his body’s nervousness. His forehead naturally perspiring cold sweat as well. Under this pressure, perspiring cold sweat from the forehead was a body’s natural defense mechanism.

“Congratulations to you all!”

An ice cold voice resounded throughout the arena, “You 1,000 are our Ganwu universe’ most exceptional. You all have the right to represent our universe country, to compete with the other universe countries and fight it out with their geniuses! However…these pinnacle duels, the difficulty will be much greater than the battles before!”

“1,008 universe countries, some universe countries have even wider and more vast territories, with many many more galaxies!”

“Because each universe country’s situation differs, the internal selection time is different too.”

“Hence!”

“The entire human race, final genius pinnacle duels…will only begin a year and a half from now. This one and a half years is your chance to improve yourselves!”

Luo Feng returned to Black Dragon Mountain island 9 star bay.

“It finally ended!”

“The losers circle duels have ended.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

“The duels may have ended, however your training still hasn’t.” On his shoulder, the fist sized little demon shouted, “Luo feng, your Nan Shen Armament at this moment, at most can only produce five golden blades simultaneously. And it’s still very forced, you should rather use three blades. Only by doing so, your current strength will be at its strongest!”

A Person could force himself to lift a 100kg knife. However, his attack may be the strongest by using a 30 kg knife instead.

One logic.

Controlling five golden blades, every blade would become clumsy and awkward.

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded, following which he laughed.

Reminiscing these three years, indeed his improvement had shocked many people.

In truth, back then when he first joined the elimination, the golden horned beast had just reached the universe level for a little over two years. Meaning…a level 5 domain and stepping into the gold origin laws gateway, these were the fruits of his labour between the years 2064 and 2066. And right now with close to three years passing, it wasn’t weird his achievements had increased by a high margin.

“The nurturing of my second clone is almost done too.” Luo Feng anticipated his second clone, the Mo Sha clan’s birth.


Chapter 419: Violent Undercurrent

When the internal selection of the Ganwu universe had just ended, in the distant universe country far from the Ganwu universe country…the Barbaric universe country’s internal selection was still ongoing.

The Barbaric universe country got its name for this one reason.

The reason being that there were two very fearsome human races there, the Manka and the Huang Shen races. These two were bloodlines that ranked in the top 10 of the humans of the universe. Even without any training, when they reached maturity, they would easily become powerful domain lords. To be able to have a bloodline that reached an evolution of such a stage…

The ancestors of the two races naturally had many undying!

Although the population of these two races was extremely small, the core of the entire Barbaric universe country had a very powerful imperial family! There was once a sector lord who snatched away an infant of the Manka race. As soon as he was discovered, the Manka planet sent out a group of undying to destroy the entire organization that the sector lord was in, even the two undying’s in that organization were killed!

As for that sector lord that actually dared to snatch that infant, he was tortured for millions of years until his lifespan reached its end and died tragically.

“Anyone who dares to touch the infants of the Manka race, will die a horrible death!”

“Anyone who dares touch the infants of the Huang Shen race, will also be killed mercilessly!”

The Manka and Huang Shen people regarded a death in battle as the greatest honor!

However, should anyone every snatch their infants and use their bloods, they would have in turn offended the entire race!

……

The Manka planet, as the home of the Manka people, was covered in an extremely vast god country.

Within Manka planet itself was an oval shaped castle, the guards at the entrance were all universe level.

“Congratulations your majesty, congratulations.”

The two sector lords smiled as they looked at a youth casually sitting at a dining table and eating a feast. This Manka youth had the traditionally good looks of the Manka people, dressed in a silver armor, black hair, eating heartily, muttering, “What’s there to congratulate about, it’s just a slot in the namelist, utterly simple!

The two sector lords exchanged glances and laughed.

“Your majesty.”

The chubbier of the two sector lords smiled and said, “The Ganwu universe country’s internal selection had already ended.”

“Ganwu universe country?” The Manka youth looked up, creasing his eyebrows, “From what I heard, my royal father said that the country leader of the Ganwu universe country is very powerful. However, in the past 100 genius competitions, they haven’t produced anyone worthy at all.”

“There’s one in this competition that you have to pay attention to.” The fat sector lord said respectfully.

“Ah, speak!”

The Manka youth lowered his head and quickly finished the food on the dining table.

The two sector lords exchanged glances and laughed. This royal prince had the good qualities of the Manka people’s tradition, which was that he loved to eat! He loved to battle! He was Loud and boorish! However. even though the Manka people were loud and boorish, their mental capacity was extremely high. Hence, they were very intelligent. And only because of that they were able to work together with the Huang Shen race and govern over the Barbaric universe country.

“Your majesty.” The fat sector lord smiled, “The Ganwu universe country has produced an absolute genius, called Rong Jun. His achievements in the ground and space law origins are high. He’s already reached a point where he can leave a mirror image of himself.”

“Mirror image?” The manka youth shook his head violently.

“Right.” The two sector lords nodded simultaneously.

“That’s troublesome.” The manka youth slapped the table and stood up, “Leaving a mirror image in space, that’s not due to some simple explosion in instantaneous speed. And he even has made progress in the ground origin laws? With the two combined, his attack must be incredibly fierce and powerful, to the point that it would be almost unblockable.”

“Yes.” The two sector lords nodded.

This Manka youth was the current Manka planet’s most exceptional genius of this generation. From young, he had received the guidance of many of the undying.

Hence his vision and knowledge was extremely high. Having heard a little of the information, he was able to already imagine the battle styles and strength of his opponents.

Of course…

Even though he was the most exceptional genius, in truth, the number of star level youths on Manka planet wasn’t even 1,000.

“Your majesty, according to the information we’ve gathered and along with our deductions, this youth called Rong Jun has the power to make it into the universe’s top 10. Also, from the information, we are able to conclude that he’s been hiding his true power all this while. Even during that last battle he may not have used his full strength.” The fat sector lord continued, “He even said his goal was to become the universe’s number one!”

“Top 10? Number one?”

The Manka youth stared hard, “How come they are all so arrogant? Although, their powers are not bad either. Hm, there are too many universe countries. However, this group of arrogant punks, they’ll all get wiped out by me! The number one position is mine!”

The two sector lords smiled.

The battle spirit of this majesty was definitely sufficient, but this was afterall a pinnacle fight between the best of the entire human race. There were geniuses who came with superior bloodlines, while those with weaker bloodlines usually had very large populations. Picking one out of the 10’s of billions to even trillions, normally they would be even stronger than those picked out of hundreds.

“Your majesty, in the Ganwu universe, besides Rong Jun, there’s another called Luo Feng.” The fat sector lord said.

“Another one?” The Manka youth stared.

“No.” the fat sector lord shook his head, “His strength is much weaker than Rong Jun’s. However the thing we have to take note of was that compared to three years ago, his rate of improvement is incredible! I guess, he definitely has the chance to make it into the top 1,000. He is also extremely calm during battle, he may even kill those stronger than himself. Hence, your majesty has to take note of him and not get careless.”

“I say, my fat uncle.”

The Manka youth was restless, “For someone who has the chance to make it into the top 1,000? Don’t talk to me about these sort of people. They are of no challenge or threat to me at all. The top 1,000 of the entire universe has no difficulty for me at all.”

“However, from that top 1,000, the treatment for their ranks are different. My aim is to take one step at a time to reach heaven, immediately making it into the upper echelon chore of the Virtual Universe Company’s primal secret area. Hence I asked you to take note of those that are able to make it to the top 10. As for that person called Luo Feng? Don’t bother, I’ll settle him in one move.”

The two sector lords exchanged glances and smiled, “Then we’ll await the day your majesty enters the primal secret area.”

Within the vast universe, the human race was one of the top pinnacle of races. They took up a great amount of the universe itself. And at this time, the internal selections for the geniuses of the 1,008 universe countries, many of which were still going on. There were many that had ended too. The absolute geniuses that were ranked first or second, or any that had any decent ability or stood out as a threat, were all being researched on by the many universe countries.

……

Ganwu universe country, in a vast space.

A giant stood within that space and the space around him was completely warped. It was impossible to even make out his appearance in that space.

“Wu, I made you stay in the Ganwu secret area to nurture the younger generation. From the entire universe country, you picked out the top hundred million geniuses and trained them in the best place, with the best facilities. However Wu’s universe country’s most exceptional were separately Rong Jun and Luo Feng. And both are not from the Wu Ganwu secret area at all!” The voice was booming, the surrounding space almost seemed like it was about crumble.

The three undying dressed in simply white robes all bowed, cold sweat beading profusely from their foreheads.

“Do you all still have any use?”

The thick booming voice was like a huge axe cutting into the souls of these three undying, causing them to go completely pale, kneeling down simultaneously.

“To be able to be even stronger than those from the Ganwu secret area means that they are both exceptional. Especially that Rong Jun, he has the strength to make it to the top 10 of the entire universe, that’s a good thing too. I hope he can enter the primal secret area. For the Wu Ganwu universe country…that would be extremely beneficial to us in the future.” The thick booming voice’s rage within was obviously lesser than before.

“Nurturing these younger generations has wasted a lot of your time, the three of you should go train properly first and raise your own strengths. As for training the younger generation, Wu will arrange for others to take over.” The thick booming voice seemed to have no obstruction at all in this space, immediately reaching the ears and souls of the three undying’s.

“Yes, country leader!”

The three replied simultaneously.

“Go on!”

Only at this time, did the three undying’s let out a sigh of relief and left respectfully.

The top 1,000 of the Ganwu universe country had 1.5 years of time to rest. Naturally no one actually dared to relax at all. Within this 1.5 years…whether it was Rong Jun or Luo Feng, or even the others suppressed by these two, and also the geniuses nurtured by the imperial family of the Ganwu universe country, they were all training extremely hard!

Rong Jun wanted to become the strongest!

Luo Feng was even more unwilling to go to battle and lose.

As for the geniuses of the Ganwu universe country imperial family, they were actually beaten by both Luo Feng and Rong Jun who didn’t have as good facilities to train in. Naturally they were even more unhappy!

They were all working hard!

……

“Lost!”

“Luo Feng you lost again.”

“I still lost.”

“Alright, your three matches with Rong Jun today will end here.” In the desert of the slaughterhouse, the little devil Babata waved his hand and immediately the Savage Rong Jun who was standing beside vanished. This was the Rong Jun simulated by the slaughterhouse. As for his power, knowledge and experience, these were all based on reality.

Luo Feng stood in the desert, creasing his eyebrows, “I still lost.”

“Luo Feng, don’t be discouraged.”

“Compared to Rong Jun, the main thing is that your origin law comprehension difference is too huge. You’ve only had comprehension of the gold origin laws, and have even improved quite a bit. But that Rong Jun, his ground origin law comprehension is not below yours, and his comprehension of the space laws are deep too. The absolute difference is too huge. It’s not strange at all that you’ve lost.” The little devil Babata said.

Luo Feng nodded.

For the simulation of an opponent in the slaughterhouse, one could set his experience and knowledge to be very high. Because that simulated Rong Jun knew some of Luo Feng’s moves, understanding himself and the enemy, making his victories even more clear cut and simple.

“His defense is too strong.”

“Ground origin laws emphasizes defense.” Luo Feng exclaimed, “And space origin laws, when fused with his domain, allows his control strength in the area to increase. His defense, even with my three golden blades, I still can’t stop him.”

He was originally very confident.

However just this Rong Jun had stopped him.

“Right, Luo Feng, the Mosha Clan clone should be coming out in just 3 days.” The little demons said.

“Right!” Luo Feng’s expression revealed that of anticipation. The Mosha clan was known as the strongest assassination race in the universe. To be able to gain such a title amongst countless races, that was quite a feat. Just the damaged skin of a dead Mosha clan could be sold for such a heavenly price…this Mosha clan being must be incredibly powerful.


Chapter 420: Mosha Clan Clone

Earth, Asian continent, China Yangzhou base.

Early morning, Luo Feng stepped on the dark cloud shuttle and became a beam of golden light and immediately vanished into the east horizon.

In mid air above the east sea.

Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle and looked east, the red burning sun began to slowly rise out of the horizon.

“This level five spirit weapon is indeed different from a level three spirit weapon.” Luo Feng lowered his head to look at the dark cloud shuttle below him. This was bought from the latest Ganwu auction, the Ganwu auction was held once every three years. The first time was at the end of 2065, he spent quite a bit of money during that time.

And at the end of 2068, there was another one that was held.

During that auction, he was engaged in the loser’s circle duels! Hence he specially requested for 10 days of rest to attend the auction.

The losers circle duels were able to be rescheduled.

As there were over 9000 people and within those three years of time, special events may happen unexpectedly, hence the timings were more flexible. There should have originally been 100 matches that day. However, back then, he had discussed with his opponents earlier on and they had come to an agreement. It was only due to this that the organizing party agreed to the request and allowed him to attend the Ganwu auction.

“One Dark cloud shuttle and two portions of swelling water fruit had cost me one mixed element.” Luo Feng exclaimed, “Luckily I still have the money my younger brother invested.”

During the 2065 auction, because he purchased the Mosha clan skin, the Nan Shen Armament, and the swelling water fruit, he had only a few hundred billion universe dollars remaining after that. This was not even worth one mixed element.

These three years, he hadn’t been earning any money.

Luckily after the end of the previous auction, his little brother already had over two trillion universe dollars. After the past three years of investment, even though he had lost money past his capital before, he still managed to increase it to a total of six mixed elements! In these three years, his earnings were close to 200% of profits. Usually the higher one goes up the ladder of capital and wealth, the harder it got to have such high turnovers.

Even the large organizations like the universe first bank or universe galaxy bank’s specialized investment departments had invited and consulted his younger brother Luo Hua.

“By working for myself, I get to call all the shots, that’s the best. Working for others and going to those departments, I still have to listen to the orders from above. That is just too troublesome, I won’t go!” This was something he had said to himself before.

Stepping on the dark cloud shuttle, standing above the east sea.

“The amount of money I have is still not enough.” Luo Feng thought, “The golden horned beast, the cloud contact vine, even the Moshan clan clone. They will all require a large amount of money to nurture. And even myself, I require money too.” From a theoretical point of view the golden horned beast should be considered Luo Feng’s main body. However, in his subconscious, Luo Feng still thought of his earth body as the main.

The golden horned beast is at the universe level right now. I don’t even have enough money for the metals it requires to swallow. However, the Deities of the world training is simply a bottomless pit.

When speaking of the cloud contact vine, the higher up it evolved, the harder it got. Right now the swelling water fruit is very effective. However, as it grows more, the money poured into it would be a bottomless pit too. Back then when Hu Yan Bo made his cloud contact vine reach the undying level, the amount of money spent on it was simply terrifying.

As for Mosha clan clone, he still knew very little about it.

Luo Feng’s earth body, just the Nan Shen Armament, the dark cloud shuttle and the nutrition cabin had cost a lot of money. And this was only the star level. As his sights and boundaries grew, the cost may become even more terrifying. Luo Feng had already seen a few absolute treasures at the auctions. Just one of these would cost several thousand mixed elements. However, these were treasures that Babata was too lazy to even explain to Luo Feng at the moment.

“The golden horned beast is at universe level 7! Cloud contact vine is at universe level 6. My body though is still at star level 9.” Luo Feng thought, “From now on, my own body’s training will stop.”

The golden horned beast’s universe level 1 to 3 required 15 years, 4 to 6 required 20 years each, a total of 60 years, and the 7th, 8th and 9th level required 120 years each. As for reaching the domain lord level from the universe level, that required 500 years! The entire process of the universe levels was supposed to require close to a 1000 years.

From year 2055, while entering the universe level 6 till now 2059 october, it had already been about 4 years.

Using the optimum metal groupings to nurture and let it swallow, it’s efficiency was raised to 56 times, this was comparable to a total of 224 years! And Luo Feng stepping through from level 7 to 8 required 240 years. Right now it was still at universe level 7, a little more and it could reach the universe level 8.

……

As for the cloud contact vine, back in the world within a world it was already at universe level 2. And back then it hadn’t completely digested the powerful life fruit. Plus, it had eaten over a 100 swelling water fruit. With all these and with enough time, it had long grown to universe level 6. The only thing was the jump from level 6 to 7 was quite a bit harder.

……

“It’s about to be born.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

Rumble!

In mid air a triangular black universe ship suddenly appeared, Luo Feng entered the ship. The ship began to accelerate into the sky, piercing past the earth’s atmosphere and headed to mars.

Solar system, Mars surface, in a large ravine. The universe ship descended.

Within the ship’s resting chambers.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged, his entire consciousness entering his internal world.

……

Within his internal world, the entire golden continent was enshrouded in the golden mist.

Laying flat along the large land, the golden horned beast which was at least 10 li long raised its head, its dark golden eyes looking at the oval golden egg in mid air.

“Almost.” The golden horned beast’s cold eyes had a sense of anticipation.

Ka! Ka! Ka!

The incomparably thin oval shaped golden egg began to crack open, following which it descended down, revealing an extremely peculiar black crystal. This crystal had a total of 10,081 surfaces and on each surface was incomparably complex golden engravings. The engravings were completely fused with the crystal, this was the core of the Mosha clan demon…the life crystal!

“Appear!” A sound resounded throughout the large golden continent.

Hu huh u…

Black energies swiftly flowed from the life crystal before condensing together. A naked yellow skinned, black short haired man appeared. It was a naked Luo Feng, who was similar in appearance to Luo Feng’s actual self!

Mars, sand filled the entire land and surface.

Luo Feng who was dressed in a dark red armor, along with the Luo Feng dressed in black cloth, were with the enormous mountain like golden horned beast on the surface.

“Interesting, interesting.”

The two Luo Feng’s and the golden horned beast exchanged glances.

As for the true life core, the core itself was able to immediately appear within the true body, or within the golden horned beast’s body or even within the Mosha clan’s body.

“Return!” The golden horned beast vanished and only the 2 Luo Feng’s remained.

“Return!” The dark red armored Luo Feng vanished.

“Return!” The black clothed Luo Feng vanished too.

All three of them entered the internal world, leaving behind only a transparent crystal ball in the external world. On its surface were incomparably complex golden engravings, glimmering with gold light.

Sou!

The black clothed Luo Feng appeared.

“Leaving the life core alone in the external world is very unsafe.” The black clothed Luo Feng thought, “As for this Moshan clan demon… change!”

All that could be seen was the black clothed Luo Feng’s energy flow seemed to change, swiftly becoming the tall and powerful Rong Jun, and later changing into a 10 li long golden horned beast. Finally he even changed into a thick and sturdy tree, and back to the black clothed Luo Feng!

“Energy life forms are indeed special.” Luo Feng smiled.

The Mosha clan were energy life forms. They didn’t have a fixed external appearance, they could change it at will. Of course, if they wanted to change into an enormous giant, maintaining their body’s defense of at least a universe level two, the energy usage would be huge. Hence normally they only changed to forms which weren’t too big.

“Mosha clan, named the strongest assassination clan. So it’s because of this!” Luo Feng could feel the difference and special properties of the Mosha clan’s body.

“It’s indeed true that they are favoured by space itself.”

After obtaining the third body, the Mosha clan’s body, Luo Feng naturally grasped the natural abilities and talents of the Mosha clan.

It’s natural secret techniques…cloning!

In life form terms, the Mosha clan, when compared to the humans or golden horned beast was completely different. At least humans and golden horned beasts were still under the category of flesh and blood life forms. However the Mosha clan, as an energy life form, it didn’t even have a soul! Accurately speaking…that life crystal was its soul, and its source of energy!

Hence.

The Mosha clan weren’t afraid of spirit attacks, at the same time they are unable to use any spirit attacks or control any weapons. Hence the Mosha clan…all walked the path of fighters!

And it’s natural abilities such as cloning, allowed the Mosha clan demons to be able to clone the life force and spirit energies of their target. Their own body could transform, and the moment it copied the target’s soul energies, even undying beings…unless they used their spirit energy to enter their bodies and scan, from just the outer appearance or energy, they were completely undetectable.

This was no longer just a disguise.

It was cloning!

Natural technique…cloning!

You’d never expect, that your favorite grandson, I have already become one of the Mosha clan.

It may seem like an extremely simple ability, however it allowed the Mosha clan to become the most fearsome assassination clan of the entire universe! They were able to transform into every kind of life forms, copying any kinds of life energies. Of course once the target suspected something and used spirit energy to dig and scan, they would be revealed.

“Favoured by space itself.”

“So special.” Luo Feng felt the energies of the Mosha clan. He could vaguely feel the space about him rippling.

But his earth body and the golden horned beast body were both unable to feel this.

“Absolute space!”

Luo Feng fiercely unleashed his technique, simultaneously the black crystal with 10,081 surfaces began to slightly revolve, its complex golden engravings on its surfaces rippled, almost as though it was answering to the universe space.

Shua!

All that could be seen on that sand filled mars surface, was the sudden appearance of two Luo Feng’s, and gradually another…three Luo Feng’s, four Luo Feng’s, five Luo Fengs!

Shua!

Luo Feng stopped.

“Too special, this is just marvelous! This Mosha clan’s movement and flying is so relaxed, it’s simply, simply…too unbelievable.” Luo Feng’s expression was that of complete shock, “I only have very little understanding of Absolute space. These years, I’ve only managed to touch the door of the space origin laws, And did not even considere entering.”

“However even with that little comprehension, using the Moshan clan body to unleash it, my speed is faster and even more unpredictable. I can even feel the ripples in space.” Luo Feng was extremely shocked.

“Switch.”

The Mosha clan body vanished and the dark red armored Luo Feng appeared.

“Hm?”

The earth body of Luo Feng looked at his surroundings, the peculiar feeling was totally gone and everything felt normal again. This mars was like mars from before, the universe was still like the universe, no longer having the special feeling from the universe space ripples like before.

Rumble!

Luo Feng began his movement, his movement became shockingly fast and unpredictable. However it was just that, it didn’t cause the space around to warp or create mirror images.

“It feels as though the Mosha clan demon in space is like a fish in water.” Luo Feng thought.

Humans swimming in water, their speed could never compare to their speed of running on land.

And a fish’s speed hopping on land could never compare to it swimming in water.

One theory was that the Mosha clan was naturally one favored by the space origin laws. In the universe space it was like a fish in water. Even if his own comprehension was low, using the body of the Mosha clan would amplify his powers by several times.

“Sick, totally sick.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but exclaim.

“Do you even have to say that? This is the strongest assassination race! Energy life forms, flesh and blood life forms, automaton life forms, metal life forms, plant life forms etc, among all sorts of life forms with trillions of races, to be able to gain the reputation of strongest assassins in countless amounts of life forms. Would that be a joke?” Babata said, “Natural ability…cloning, even though it’s only one ability. However in truth, the amazing thing about the Mosha clan is they are able to feel the ripples of space.”

“They are a natural complement to the space origin laws!”

“By allowing them to unleash any space techniques, the power will increase greatly.”

“Simultaneously, comprehending the space origin laws will be much easier than compared to humans.”

“Hence any Mosha clan demon, who steps through the space origin laws door…their movement would be unpredictable and ever changing. They can change to anyone, any form. Because their disguise ability reaches the pinnacle of perfection, their attack too is extremely strong, After just one attack, they can swiftly dodge far away. The most scary thing is, it’s not just one of the clan that’s strong, it’s all of them. Hence, they are known as the strongest assassins.” Babata said.

Luo Feng took a deep breath.

No wonder…the damaged piece of skin of the Mosha clan sold for such a high price.

The normal changes of the Mosha clan, there were no engravings on the surface. And after being killed, most of them die from their crystals shattering. Their bodies too would disappear, leaving only a damaged crystal, not even the skin would be left. Only under a special circumstance can one allow the space origin law engravings within the life crystal to appear on the skin!

Those were true space origin law engravings, hence the skin was incomparably valuable.

“However in my genius battle, I can only use the body given to me by the virtual universe to battle. I can’t use the Mosha clan body.” Luo Feng thought.

“Right now it’s October. There was less than a year to the final battle with the 1,008 universe countries. What you can do now is to use the Moshan clan clone to take the form of the golden horned beast and go research on Absolute space.” Babata said, The training process of Absolute space is only suitable for the golden horned beast form to unleash.

Of course, any training on comprehension of the space laws will have benefits to all bodies. Afterall you are all one consciousness.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Not even a year.” Luo Feng took a deep breath, “Right, Babata, I should use the Mosha clan body…to go retrieve the third bank account left behind by my teacher.”

The Yun Mo Planet master left three separate accounts.

They were separated for when the disciple was star level, universe level and finally domain lord level to retrieve the funds.


Chapter 421: 10,000 Threads

The difference between the three accounts was extremely huge. The one with the most was the account he was able to acquire when he reached the domain lord level. Within that account is all of his teacher’s remaining money in that five star account.

“I am very sorry, but that is not possible!” Babata said.

“My Mosha clan clone is a universe level two.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but say.

“No, Luo Feng, have you forgotten? The three accounts your teacher left behind not only have strength requirements. They also require you to personally go open the account, and during that time, there’ll be a scan of spirit energy. It has to be the spirit energy of the Yun Mo Planet form before the account can be opened.” Babata said.

Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, “The Moshan clan clone will be using my energy, it can easily use my spirit energy.”

“Wrong! The Mosha clan is an energy life form, its true form is that life crystal. It doesn’t have any spirit energy at all. How can it use your spirit energy?” Babata said.

“Ah!”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Flesh and blood life forms, whether it was humans or beasts or space beasts, as long as they walked that same path, they all had a soul and spirit energy! Spirit energy was a part of the soul after all. Energy life forms however were totally different, their core was the life crystal, not spirit energy at all.

Just like the automaton race, they were in essence living AI’s. They did not contain any spirit energy at all.

Hence…

Back within the Yun Mo Planet ship, when the Yun Mo Planet master Hu Yan Bo and his undying underlings all died, only Babata survived because he was a living AI!

The life forms were different in many ways, even the life spans were different.

Living AI’s, even if they didn’t become undying, they could still continue to live on, just like that Lord Wu.

“Damn!” Luo Feng shook his head, “I still thought…”

“This really disappoints me.” Luo Feng was helpless.

“You punk, don’t get too greedy!” Babata said, “your body is that of a golden horned beast, the most elite bloodline of the entire universe. And you have the Moshan clan, the strongest assassins in the universe! You’ve already gotten so many advantages. Yet, you are feeling disappointed over such rubbish? I have never ever met anyone with such a sick combination before.”

“Haha.” Luo Feng laughed.

The golden horned beast and Mosha clan, both were really rare even in the entire universe. Many undying had yet to even see one before. And Luo Feng managed to get both bodies, it was a huge advantage altogether.

“Alright, I’ll continue to practice my flying!” Luo Feng laughed, becoming a beam of light and headed towards a crevice on the surface of Mars where the universe ship was. He entered the ship and connecting his consciousness to the virtual universe network.

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain island slaughterhouse.

“Appear!”

The little demon Babata waved his hand and immediately the space around warped, a large machinery factory appeared.

Within that factory were countless blurry machine traps all prepared beforehand. With just one look, the entire factory looked like a bee’s nest. As it was densely packed, with just a bit of carelessness, one would easily knock into some of the machinery.

“This is the test for the first level of the 10,000 threads technique, the one thread movement.” Babata pointed at what seemed like an inescapable net of machinery before them, “If you are able to grab the 3,189 red balls within this factory without touching any of the machinery or getting hit by any of their attacks, then you’d be considered reaching the one thread level already.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

Yes!

Since his failure with Rong Jun before, Luo Feng had considered hard and realized that as a strong spirit reader controller, he had to be incredibly strong at flying! Man’s energy had a limit. One couldn’t be both a spirit reader and a fighter, normally they would focus on one! Naturally since he emphasized the spirit reader side, he had to emphasize flying.

Battle, had its own techniques!

A magician’s techniques in battle, like the soul imprint, was an example of that side. For the controller, the Nan Shen Armament’s nine levels were a form of training techniques.

Defense, had it’s own techniques too.

In terms of soul, the void pagoda, and physical defense, he could rely on weapons and armors to defend.

As for movement.

The fighter’s way of movement had different techniques too!

A spirit reader stepping on a spirit weapon to fly too had its own techniques!

……

Even to the point where, taming beasts, possession, enslaving, and other different techniques etc, had their own best or optimum techniques. The number of origin laws themselves were only that few. However, the origin laws were akin to culture and knowledge. By gaining the knowledge about these different cultures and knowledge, some are able to get strong while others may just remain ordinary.

One theory was that these techniques, are ways to unleash the full strengths of the origin laws!

The Nan Shen Armament is able to unleash the origin law’s greatest battle abilities!

Soul imprint is possible too!

The void pagoda is possible too!

Absolute space is possible too!

The 10,000 threads was capable too!

Back when he was defeated by Rong Jun, Luo Feng had first asked the opinion of Babata. Hence, he finally chose the level five spirit weapon, the Dark cloud shuttle And also chose the spirit reader’s flying technique the 10,000 threads! His teacher the Yun Mo Planet master, as a powerful spirit reader, knew many flying techniques. However, Luo Feng picked one that was different from his teacher’s. His teacher Hun Yan Bo trained in the flying technique Space Control back then.

In terms of power, the two were comparable.

In terms of how common they were however, Space Control was much rarer, while 10,000 threads was a widely spread skill, many undying knew it!

However it being widely spread didn’t mean it’s power was weak!

“Hm, this 10,000 threads technique, after hearing your explanation, why do I feel that the Absolute space is very similar?” Luo Feng had asked Babata back then, Babata answered, “It is very similar indeed. Your Absolute Space training’s second level, the Infinite Changes, is akin to the 10,000 thread’s final level. And it was said that the 10,000 threads actually even has a higher level of teleportation. However, no one knows the training method.”

Absolute space was split into three levels. Level one was Arc light, level two was Infinite Changes and Level three is teleportation.

The 10,000 threads technique, was also split into three levels.

First level, one thread, this is comparable to the Absolute space’s first level Arc Light.

The second level, nine threads.

Third level 100 threads.

Third level, 10,000 threads, at this time, it was comparable to the second level of Absolute space Infinite Changes.

It was said that there was another higher level, Teleportation.

However from the information that was spread about the technique outside, no one had the final training methods. This was also the reason why Babata was so shocked when he learned that the complete training of Absolute space included the Teleportation level! After all the path of comprehending the origin laws was a hard one. But, with a clear path ahead, it would save a lot of time and energy.

One valuable technique, even if people were willing to spread it, the most valuable parts still remained incredible valuable.

“Alright, what you said makes sense. This 10,000 threads technique and my Absolute space follows the same path. Even though the training is different, the path is ultimately the same, they will complement each other and my training itself will also be easier, I’ll pick this.” This was back then when Luo Feng decided to pick this flying technique.

After these three years or so, Luo Feng had already completed the basics of the 10,000 threads.

Stepping on the Dark cloud shuttle, his flying was already very perfect. However he had yet to finish the one thread movement.

“Chi!” A steel wire just touched Luo Feng’s back.

“Chi!” three needles were shot out and one touched Luo Feng’s calf.

“Failure!”

Babata shouted.

From the secret weapons that covered the entire ceiling, Luo feng became a peculiar image and flew immediately down to Babata’s side, shaking his head, “The test of the one thread is too difficult.”

“If I used the Mosha clan body, I would be able to dodge easily.” Luo Feng laughed.

“1. The Virtual Universe Company supplies the same body to everyone. 2. the Mosha clan is an energy life form and not human. It’s unable to participate in this genius battle.” The little demon raised two fingers, “I’ll give you a suggestion, return to reality and make the Mosha clan take the form of the golden horned beast to train Absolute space.”

“Ok.” Luo Feng nodded.

……

Solar system, Mars surface.

The black clothed Luo Feng stood within the red sandstorm that engulfed the entire desert and immediately transformed. His entire body became energy, transforming into a 12m long golden horned beast. Its appearance was completely similar to the golden horned beast. This form could be said to be a golden horned beast infant.

The black crystal with 10,081 surfaces within slightly revolved, its incomparably complex golden engravings melding with space itself.

“It’s too wondrous, this feeling.”

The little golden horned beast’s eyes were excited, it could clearly feel the ripples in space. That familiarity, that peculiar feeling… almost as though it was returning to its mother’s embrace.

“Begin!”

Rumble!

The little golden horned beast immediately worked according to the instructions of Absolute space, as it began its training. Its scaled wings, claws and tail all had to be used, especially its long tail which could easily do miniscule and quick changes in directions.

Two golden horned beasts, 3, 4, 5…

Little golden horned beasts appeared all around.

At this time, nine little golden horned beasts had appeared.

“With the golden horned beasts structure, it was really suited for the training of Absolute space. This Mosha clan, using my human form could only produce five images. While using the golden horned beast form, it can actually make nine!” The little golden horned beast was completely immersed in the training of Absolute space.

This technique was created from an earlier powerful golden horned beast from before, specially crafted to fit the golden horned beasts.

Even if humans acquired it they couldn’t train it.

Because they didn’t have tails, they didn’t have wings.

“Wonderful.” Immersed in the training of Absolute space, the little golden horned beast seemed to grasp the space origin laws easily.

Time passed day by day.

The golden horned beast focused on comprehending the gold origin laws while the Mosha clan body was in the little golden horned beast form training Absolute space.

Luo Feng himself was training on comprehending the two laws, melding them together. He was focused on studying the Nan Shen Armament, training hard on the 10,000 thread flying technique…with such high training efficiency, his strength continued to increase almost everyday.

November, December, January…

Finally, China time 2070, September, the gathering of the entire universe’s 1,008 universe countries over a million geniuses, the start date of the pinnacle fights was in this month!


Chapter 422: Lifting the Curtain

China year 2070 September 5th.

Morning, Luo Feng stood on his own home’s balcony. He was gazing at the east red sun rising from afar. Even though it was summer, the morning was still pretty chilly.

“Getting up early onto the balcony to watch the sunrise.” In her pajamas, Xu Xin walked onto the balcony. Looking at the current Luo Feng, even though this man had reached the peak on earth, almost all his energy was still spent on the long and arduous unpredictable path of the strong.

To this, Xu Xin wasn’t in the least unsatisfied as she had eventually come to terms with it.

It was only at certain times when she would feel forlorn and lonely, as Luo Feng would immerse himself in his training and isolate himself for 10 days or even half a month at times. Of course… Normally Luo Feng still cared a lot for his family.

“Right!” Luo Feng looked at the distant east horizon, watching the sun, smiling and nodding.

“These past few days you’ve been spending all your time in the dojo, it seems like you haven’t seen the sunrise in a long time.” Xu Xin said, “You should take some time to relax once in awhile, don’t overwork yourself.”

Luo Feng looked at his wife, extending his arm to gently embrace her, saying softly, “My wife, I’m sorry.”

“We are already an old couple, you don’t need to get so mushy!” A hint of red appeared on Xu Xin’s face.

“Hehe.” Luo Feng laughed.

“Tomorrow, it’ll begin.” Luo Feng looked at the distant rising sun, exclaiming, “That’s where the million geniuses from all the universe countries will gather. According to the situation of the Ganwu universe country…among these million geniuses, over half of them have stepped through the entrance of the origin laws!

In the Huge Axe dojo, even a universe level warrior who had stepped through the origin law’s entrance was considered invincible.

However in truth, in the universe, there were many star levels that had stepped through those doors.

Within the entire human race, there were only about 100s of thousands of these sort of absolute geniuses. However, with 1,008 universe countries, on average, with about a 100 in every universe country…the Ganwu universe country leader ordered the undying to specially get these absolute geniuses to enter the Ganwu secret area. It goes to show just how special these seedlings were.

These absolute geniuses, how could they send them to the Huge Axe dojo to gamble their lives.

The probability of death there was too huge.

Black Dragon Mountain, island 9 star bay district.

“Daddy!”

“Dad, all the best!”

Two similar looking youths looked at Luo Feng, their gaze filled with respect and worship.

This pair of twins were Luo Feng’s sons, Ping Ping and Little Hai. In terms of age, they were both 11 years old now. As they received excellent nurturing from birth, even when they were toddlers they had already reached the student level 9 and by now they’ve become star travellers. This caused their body structure to resemble that of earth’s ordinary 14 or 15 year olds.

In terms of looks, they received Xu Xin’s good looks, as both of them were handsome. Unlike Luo Feng, who looked ordinary.

The older brother Luo Ping had a better temperament, his character was gentle, his change since young was much more prominent.

The younger Luo Hai, however was noisy.

Afterall, they grew up in such a household, with the teachers being people like Di Fan and Bai Kalo, these two universe level 9 warriors (Ever since Bai Kalo received from Luo Feng the Yun Mo Planet training techniques, last year he broke through to the universe level 9). The staff and helpers in the house were all star levels too.

Along with Luo Feng’s glory, it caused Luo Ping and Luo Hai to worship their father since young!

With such a father to be proud of…

Growing up in such a household, Luo Ping and Luo Hai may have their deficiencies in character. However, in their bones they still shared one point, which was that they wanted to become strong! The special thing about these twins however, was they both enjoyed battling in the virtual universe games from young. Even though they later awoke their spirit reading, their talent for it was weaker than Luo Feng’s before.

However the two still chose to become fighters! This made their father Luo Feng somewhat helpless.

“Daddy is the strongest.” Little Hai shouted loudly.

“Haha.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh.

“Thirdie, all the best!” Standing beside, Thunder god waved his fists and shouted, “You are not only representing the Ganwu universe country, the more important thing is…you are representing us the people of earth!”

“Spoken well.” Luo Hong Guo nodded and shouted, his face gleeful, “Little Feng, your second brother spoke well, you represent the hope of us people of earth. Even though there are trillions of planets in the universe countries, with all the 1,008 universe countries added together, that’s even more shocking. However you have to do your best, fight for us people of earth.”

“Ok.” Luo Feng nodded his head.

In his mind, whether it was Thunder god, Hong or Luo Feng, their sense of belonging was like a strong flame.

“I’ll head out first.” Luo Feng took a big step and left.

Within the virtual universe’s many continents, islands, over a million geniuses from the 1,008 universe countries all went through the teleportation to the gathering spot.

Ganwu floating island.

Shua!

Luo Feng appeared at the teleportation spot on the floating island.

“Mr Luo Feng, please head this way.” Standing beside the teleportation spot was a universe level warrior, dressed in work clothes, smiling and directing the way to a path beside.

“Thank you.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded, following the path.

At this time…

Luo Feng could see in the not too distant plaza surrounded by a beautiful array of flowers and greenery, there was a large group of people gathered. With just a look there was at least a hundred, both men and women, all different looking. However at least one third of the group had features close to the humans of earth, the appearance of the earth humans was considered more mainstream.

“Luo Feng is coming.”

“That madman!”

Many youths looked over.

These 100 were those that got a slot on the namelist. This time the Ganwu universe country was sending out a 1000 geniuses.

“Luo Feng.”

“Hai, Madman.”

Among these people, there were many that smiled and waved at Luo Feng. Since he had taken part in the loser’s circle duels, hence he had dueled 1v1 against all these people before.

“Windmill!”

“Pate Luo.” Luo Feng waved back at those he was on good terms with.

As time passed, the geniuses all arrived, with more people arriving every second. And Savage Rong Jun was considered one of the later few. Finally the 1,000 geniuses had all gathered, these 1,000 stood together, many of whom recognized each other either from the real world or had dueled before, were engaged in discussions and reminiscing about the past.

“Luo Feng, your strength has risen by quite a bit this past year, I know your improvement must be huge.” Savage Rong Jun looked over Luo Feng.

Luo Feng turned to look at the 3m tall Savage: “Wait till the pinnacle duels, you’ll know after you try me!”

“That confident?” Savage’s eyes gleamed.

Suddenly…

“Rumble!” A formless pressure covered the entire plaza. The 1000 geniuses all felt their faces go pale, their bodies shivering unconsciously. After which they heard footsteps, a giant dressed in scaled armor and wearing a helmet walked over. The energy he naturally emitted was almost like the god of death approaching.

Emitting that bloodthirsty aura, causing everyone to fear him immediately!

A 8m tall giant! This was that being from before.

“1,000 geniuses from the Ganwu universe country, according to the country leader’s command, I’ll lead you.” The giant’s voice rumbled, within the helmet his eyes gave off an overwhelming sense of pressure, “You all can call me Lord thirteen, understood?”

“Understood!”

The 1,000 absolute geniuses couldn’t help but answer in unison, including Luo Feng.

“What a terrifying pressure.” Luo Feng’s forehead had beads of cold sweat, “In reality, his willpower alone would immediately make my soul crumble.”

Terrifying!

1,000 geniuses, before this scale armored giant, seemed like weak little ants. They felt intense fear, this was a natural reflex, no matter how strong one’s will power was, they couldn’t suppress such a reaction.

“Rong Jun!” The scale armored giant’s gaze landed on the youth Savage, Rong Jun.

“Lord thirteen.” Savage Rong Jun bowed.

“You are the only one from our Ganwu universe country that has a guarantee of not being eliminated. The country leader has a large expectation of you. You…don’t let our country leader down, you understand?” The scale armored giant said.

“Yes.” Savage replied respectfully.

The scale armored giant gazed past the rest of the youths, saying coldly, “As for everyone else, there’s not much hope!”

Immediately a group of youths, gripped their fists tightly, among that group Luo Feng creased his eyebrows too.

“Hmph! Unsatisfied? Power doesn’t come from the words you speak, it’s displayed in battle!” The scale armored giant said coldly, “Except for Rong Jun, the strongest amongst you are only at Luo Feng’s standards, and according to our information, there’s an exceptional genius at this competition. If Luo Feng can make it into the top 5,000 that would be considered not bad, to make it into the top 1,000…the chances are however bleak!”

“Of course!”

“You all can create miracles! In history, there have been cases where some began average but suddenly exploded into absolute geniuses during the pinnacle fights” The scaled giant’s gaze swept past the large group, following which he changed the subject, “Alright, follow me!”

The group of absolute geniuses from the different starfields in the Ganwu universe country could only bear with it.

……

Following which, Luo Feng and the other geniuses, under the leadership of the scaled armor giant all reached the teleportation spot and were transferred to a brand new area the virtual universe had opened.

This was a vast continent.

Luo Feng and the others, including that scaled armor giant leading them, a total of 1,001 people simultaneously appeared on that large continent.

“Ganwu universe team, there are 1,008 skyscrapers ahead, your universe country’s team has been arranged for number 0825 skyscraper.” A middle aged man dressed in a white robe bowed and said respectfully to the scaled armor giant.

“Hm!”

The giant snorted out of his nose, and led the team to fly towards the skyscraper.

“Wa!”

“1,008 skyscrapers, one universe team for one skyscraper?”

Looking from far, the distant 1,008 skyscrapers had formed a ring, surrounded by these 1008 skyscrapers in the center, was a beautiful plaza with birds and fragrant flowers. Within that plaza were many youths, men and women from different universe countries strolling and chatting in it. With just a look, there were at least, over 10,000 people.

“Descend!” The scaled armor giant’s voice roared.

The geniuses from the Ganwu inverse swiftly descended, landing beside the plaza, following a straight path towards skyscraper number 0825. The plaza had pathways to each of the many skyscrapers.

“Look, that skyscraper 0825 is the Ganwu universe country’s. Looks like that’s the genius team from the Ganwu universe.”

“Rong Jun, that tall one must be Savage Rong Jun.”

“Wow! His power is very strong.”

“Which is Rong Jun?”

“Rong Jun?”

Many geniuses from the other universe countries all looked over at the Ganwu universe country’s team and began their own discussions.


Chapter 423: Geniuses Gather

As the genius teams of every universe country heard the discussions from the other groups, they were very dissatisfied, yet held their hatred within. To be able to make it into the Ganwu universe country’s top 1,000, who wasn’t an absolute genius, a proud genius above many others? And right now it was obvious that the other geniuses from the other universe countries only respected Savage Rong Jun, and did not even mention any of the others.

“Madman, did you hear that. The other universe countries only know of our Ganwu universe country’s Rong Jun.” The green haired youth whispered in Luo Feng’s year. This green haired youth was the absolute genius that was in the same city with Luo Feng in the elimination stage, the one that engaged him in a pinnacle final battle before it ended, Windmill.

Windmill was luckier than Luo Feng. During the arena duels, he won four consecutive duels to get a slot in the namelist.

Luo Feng was very calm. While following the large team ahead, he said softly, “Windmill, you can’t blame them, Rong Jun is indeed strong.”

“Hm.” The green haired youth nodded his head. “I know that, I heard about it too. This Savage Rong Jun’s strength is enough to make it into the top 10 of the entire universe. And us….just trying to get into the universe top 1,000 will be very hard.”

“Top 1,000?”

Luo Feng squinted his eyes.

At this time, the geniuses from the Ganwu universe country followed the scaled armor giant into skyscraper 0825. The lobby was extremely vast, enough to hold over a 1,000 people that were gathered there.

Rumble!

That strong pressure appeared again. These 1,000 geniuses who were all under such pressure turned and look at the tallest scaled armor giant. That giant diminished his aura, and said coldly, “Over here, there are number tags from 1 to 1,000. You’ve all been assigned one. Once you’ve acquired yours, enter your own room. This will be your resting and living quarters!” Following which the scaled armor giant waved his hand!

The number tags began to fall, landing in front of each of the geniuses.

Savage Rong Jun extended his arm and grabbed the tag, there was only one number on it…1.

Luo Feng extended his arm too and grabbed his tag, the number on it was …2.

The 1,000 geniuses all grabbed their tags.

“You are dismissed!”

“You can rest within your rooms or you can all go out to mingle with the geniuses from the other universe countries.” The scaled armor giant gazed at the 1,000 geniuses, saying coldly, “When it gets dark, the Virtual Universe Company’s organizing committee will gather you all. Whether you are in this space or anywhere else, you’ll be able to hear it.”

After he finished, the scaled armor giant immediately turned around and left.

Only then did the 1,000 geniuses from the Ganwu universe country let out a sigh of relief. The group started to disperse, with some staying behind to chat while others looking for their rooms.

The center plaza of the 1,008 skyscrapers was extremely huge. Even with a million people in there, it still wouldn’t be crammed. The plaza was surrounded by beautiful greenery and flowers, with little animals that could be seen occasionally.

Scattered throughout the plaza too were large restaurants.

A total of 99 restaurants could be found. The geniuses from the different universe countries could enter any one of these, all except for the first restaurant.

“Rumble!” The scaled armor giant became a beam of light and landed in front of restaurant number one.

“Lord!”

The staff at the entrance of the restaurant bowed respectfully.

The scaled armor giant immediately stepped in. The first level of this restaurant alone had over a 1,000 seats. At this time there were already over a 1,000 great beings there.

“13!”

“13 is here.”

Auras and energies filled with bloodthirst or even volatility more so than stars, or ice chill so cold it would freeze one’s soul were present. These auras were all spread out throughout the level… these great beings sat casually about. It was almost as though they were the land and skies themselves, the surrounding space was totally controlled by them.

“Hm.” The scaled armor giant nodded slightly, sitting down beside another valiant and brave looking god general.

“13, I heard your Ganwu universe country has a genius called Rong Jun this time? Haha, your luck is not bad.”

“It’s ok.”

The scaled armor giant was not modest either. “Te Luo Fu, your universe country has someone called Blood axe right.” The white robed man with a face full of smiles, as though he was in spring itself said, “Yes, there is such a genius. His character is very similar to yours 13.”

“13, this time around, your Ganwu universe country may be able to produce two who might make it into the top 1,000 right.” Not far away, a tall and sturdy, bald man with bare feet and skin which was completely golden yellow in color shouted, “There’s another punk called Luo Feng.”

“His strength is still insufficient.” The scaled armor giant shook his head, “Saiful, everyone is saying that your Noah universe country can get number one.”

“The youth in Noah universe country is very strong.”

“Hm, he is only at star level and his space origin law comprehension has already reached such a level, really unbelievable.”

The great beings were all discussing.

These beings were all sent by their country leaders! Like a gathering of the pinnacle of universe countries, the undying sent here were all considered very strong even amongst the undying. Like 13, that was one of the 18 god generals of the Ganwu universe country leader, his reputation alone was widespread. He was a being known for a trillion years.

Skyscraper 0825, room number 2.

This room was extremely spacious. The bed alone was 10m long and 6m wide. Some geniuses may have huge physiques, hence the room was prepared for such people. Naturally…this room which was at least 1000 cubic meters, it was huge for Luo Feng.

“I’ll head out and take a look.”

“I’ll have a look at the absolute geniuses from the other universe countries.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with a strong sense of anticipation.

He didn’t have any hope of making it into the top 1,000?

The words from the scaled armor giant was obviously based on the arena duels round. In fact, from the end of the losers circle duels to now, the Mosha clan clone worked hard on Absolute space. His 3 bodies…the golden horned beast, the Mosha clan and his earth body all hadn’t relaxed for even a second.

Till now.

His strength had already increased at a terrifying rate! Even though in the slaughterhouse he could already defeat the simulated Rong Jun. However…

“From that battle till now, it’s already been over 4 years.”

“If I can improve that much, others can do so too. Within these 4 years, who knows how much that Rong Jun has improved?” Luo Feng thought, “What’s more, when he battled me back then, he hadn’t even unleashed his blade work!”

“1,008 universe countries, the geniuses are as numerous as the clouds.”

“I’ll give it a shot.”

“We’ll see how far I, Luo Feng can make it.” Luo Feng thought. To have been suffering patiently for over 4 years, this gathering of absolute geniuses from the 1,008 universe countries was exactly the place for him to unleash his full power!

Luo Feng walked out of the room and joined a few other geniuses from the Ganwu universe country leaving the skyscraper and headed towards the plaza.

……

The center plaza was even bigger than the planet of earth. However, these absolute geniuses’ bodies were all star level 9. With just one gaze they could see over a 100km.

When the geniuses from the Ganwu universe country entered the plaza.

“Look, Rong Jun.”

“It’s Rong Jun.”

“I heard he has the strength to make it into the top 10.”

“He is a very strong fellow, his comprehension of ground and space origin laws are already very high, I hope to not meet him.” Many other youths from the other universe countries were engaged in discussions, this made Rong Jun and the other geniuses from the Ganwu universe countries uncomfortable, naturally dispersing once they reached the plaza.

Luo Feng walked with the green haired youth Windmill.

“Luo Feng, look.”

The green haired youth pointed at a complete beauty dressed in a white feathery cloth. This lady was almost like the legendary angels of earth. She even had 2 wings on her back and there was a crystal in the middle of her forehead, “Her name is Ai Chen, from the Dream Shell clan. She has the power to make it to the top 10. Her nickname is Light blade and she is extremely terrifying.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng looked at the pure dream shell lady.

“Light blade Ai Chen.” Luo Feng gazed at the plaza. Prior to this, he naturally had gathered information on the strong opponents. Even though he couldn’t get specific details, he still knew the reputation and information of the stronger ones.

“He!”

Luo Feng looked at a black robed skinny youth who was about 2.3 or 2.4 m tall, hearing the people beside discussing, “That’s Hyno, Jia Laixi, he’s from the Howling gods clan, from the Peng Gu universe country. I heard from the start till end he never actually made a move. He just looks at the opponent and the opponents all get hypnotized and die. He’s a very scary hypnotist, who is definitely able to make it to the top 10.”

……

Walking within the plaza, they were discovering the number one geniuses from the many universe countries.

Even though they were number one in their respective universe countries, within the 1,008 universe countries, only about 20 of them had the power to make it to the top 10. Afterall even with powers matching up, one has to still factor in the condition during that day etc, and everything was unpredictable until the battle actually happens. However these 20 that had the largest commotion. Luo Feng had already seen their tapes.

The verdict…

They all weren’t weaker than Rong Jun! There were even two of them who were much more terrifying than Rong Jun!

“The prince of the Manka.” Luo Feng looked at the distant silver clothed youth. That youth with eyes burning with a mad battle spirit was also another absolute genius regarded as one able to make it to the top 10! There hadn’t been such an exceptional young genius from the Manka planet in a very very long time.

……

Genius were all around him. This made Luo Feng’s battle spirit burn with passion.

Strong!

This was the gathering of the geniuses from the 1,008 universe countries. Just from the surface there were about 20 able to match up to Rong Jun. And what’s more they were probably hiding their powers too! Just like how when Savage Rong Jun battled against Luo Feng, he didn’t even intend to reveal his space origin laws, and if he hadn’t revealed it during that battle, who would know Rong Jun was that strong?

One theory!

1,008 universe countries, over a million geniuses. From the surface, one can see that the number of absolute geniuses definitely wasn’t just 20. Like Luo Feng, ones who had the power to make it into the top 10 were hiding their their strengths. No one knew who these geniuses were until during the battle..

“Hm?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

Silence!

The entire plaza went silent.

100,000 geniuses from all over, all turned almost simultaneously to one direction. Luo Feng turned too, from the distant large skyscraper a white clothed youth walked out. He looked very handsome except he had no expression. His entire being was like a frozen mountain, carrying two blood red long blades.

Walking towards the plaza, his ice cold gaze swept over the 100,000 geniuses, without even a ripple of emotion.

“Death god!”

“Death God Bolan!”

“It’s him!”

“This round’s undisputed number 1.”

Finally the discussions had unified and converged. Simultaneously the Howling god youth clad in a black robe, that absolute beauty from the Dream shell clan, that Manka prince in armor, that seemingly unstoppable Savage, the one carrying blood colored huge axes, a fat strong looking youth at least 6m tall with slit eyes, the green haired youth with peculiar green engravings on his face…

From all corners of the plaza, the absolute warrior that stood above these over a million geniuses, everyone stared at this white clothed youth carrying the blood red long blades.

Amongst these warriors, naturally included was Luo Feng as well!

“Death God.” Luo Feng stared at the distant silhouette, muttering, “Death god Bolan?”


Chapter 424: Cruel Elimination

Death god Bolan, was the most unbelievable absolute genius of this genius battle between the 1,008 universe countries!

Even when compared to the earlier competitions from before, it had been a very long time since such a perverted existence like that had appeared.

“From the gathered data, this death god Bolan had once created over a hundred mirror images. That’s… that’s just unbelievable.” Luo Feng looked at the distant white clothed youth carrying the blood red long blade on his back. He was very clear within that he wasn’t a match at all for this genius that had long been regarded as the undisputed number 1 this time.

According to the 10,000 thread levels.

The 3rd level was the 100 thread.

The 4th level was the 10,000 thread. That was already the highest level of the 10,000 thread technique. The legendary teleportation was after all just a myth.

And this Bolan’s revealed strength so far has indicated that he was obviously close to the 4th level. To be considered as such an anomaly in just the star level…looking at the previous number 1s of the ten earlier competitions, they all seemed to be stronger than Savage Rong Jun. However none had reached such a level before. Death god Bolan, he was invincible.

Even sector lords!

It was very hard to comprehend the space origin laws. To be able to reach the 4th level of 10,000 threads, that only happened with 1 amongst the 10,000!

If it was 1 amongst 10,000 for even sector lords, one could imagine for a star level punk…just how scary that was. It was no wonder that even before the genius battles had yet to begin, many undying had already concluded that the number 1 undisputed winner of the competition would be this white clothed youth.

“How did he train?”

“Just how did he train?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, “I rely on the Mosha clan to train, and I’ve only broken through to 1 thread, still very far from the 9 threads. After all the space origin laws… that’s one of the 2 hardest laws to comprehend, next to time.”

“Big brother.” An elegant green haired beautiful girl with her long hair curled up, her face covered with green engravings said, “That’s death god Bolan? That’s the one teacher said…the only one we have no chance of defeating?”

“Right.”

Beside her was another youth with similar green hair and engravings on his face. He was nodding, while staring hard at the distant white clothed youth, “That’s him, a star level who’s reached such abnormal levels of comprehension with the space origin laws! Even in the recent million years of genius competitions number 1s, there hasn’t been anyone like him before!”

“However, Qian Shui.” The youth lowered his head to look at the lady beside him, “Even though we aren’t any match against death god Bolan, there’s still 2nd and 3rd place. We siblings must grab them.”

“Qian Shui understands.” The lady nodded.

This pair of siblings had terrifying reputations within this genius competition. They were from the mysterious place Augustus planet.

Within the vast universe, there were a few planets that were very mysterious, or had huge reputations.

Like the Manka planet, Augustus planet, Mu Zu planet and so on.

These planets all had undisputable power that made people’s hearts tremble. They could very easily send out a group of undying’s! These planets, could completely name themselves a universe country’s core. Like the Manka planet was one of the two cores of the Barbarian universe country.

……

Within the center of the plaza, 100,000 geniuses couldn’t help but look at the white clothed youth, causing him to crease his eyebrows and enter a restaurant.

“Hu.”

“That’s death god Bolan.”

“I really don’t know how he trains. No matter how powerful the bloodline, he shouldn’t be that abnormal.”

“I suspect he isn’t even human.”

Discussions were rampant in the plaza among the gathered 100,000 geniuses in the plaza, along with the beings in restaurant number 1.

As time passed, the leaders of the 1,008 universe countries of geniuses…the great undying’s, all arrived here at restaurant number 1. Be it in the 1st level or the 2nd level, they were all chatting casually.

“This youth called Bolan, although he is only a star level, his comprehension of the space origin laws is that strong. Who knows, in a hundred eras…he might become a space knight.”

“Space knight? That’s too much.”

“To become a space knight, that’s still a long ways to go. Many undying’s have trained for trillions of years and still have been unable to become space knights. He’s still far off.”

“Hm, becoming a space knight is not that easy to achieve.”

“Hard, hard, hard.”

“Even his physical body passing through space and teleporting is still far from it. Much less becoming a space knight.”

“That’s excessive flattery!”

“In our 1,008 universe countries, how long has it been since we’ve had a new knight. That youth may be an exceptional rare genius from many generations of competitions. However in terms of geniuses…if you had said he’d become like us as undying’s, I’d agree! However to become a space knight, that’s simply too…”

Space knight, these two words had aroused the objections of a large group of the undying’s, as all of them were rejecting the idea.

“Haha, what are you discussing, it’s so noisy!”

A bright voice resounded throughout the entire restaurant number 1’s 1st and 2nd floors. Immediately all the undying’s turned to look. At the entrance, was a man dressed in a very simple green robe. He had a gently smile and his eyes contained a friendly gaze. His head was covered in purple scales.

Although his entire being was standing there, it almost seemed like he didn’t exist, almost as though he was in a different time and space from the other undying’s.

Rumble!

All the undying’s on the 1st level immediately stood up, including that scale armored giant 13, they all bowed respectfully.

“Sir knight!” The hundred or so undying’s bowed.

“This time, for our Virtual Universe Company’s organized genius competition, all your great universe countries have supported us. I represent the Virtual Universe Company and express our thanks.” The green robed purple scaled man smiled.

“That’s what we ought to do.”

The 1st and 2nd floor undying’s all resounded.

“Hm.” The green robed purple scaled man smiled and nodded, “Continue your discussions, in a bit, I will gather all the youths.” After which, he turned and left.

After he left.

The entire 1st floor of undying’s, including many constantly coming down from the 2nd floor, began their discussions.

“It’s actually Sir nine blades.”

“I heard that Sir nine blades was recently at the Automaton territory, in one of their universe secret areas. I didn’t expect him to host this genius competition.”

“Speaking of which, about 100,000 eras before, when Sir nine blades was still at the star level, he took part in the genius battle too! Back then, he was the number one of that time during which he had shook the entire competition. His reputation and show back then doesn’t seem any less than this youth Bolan.”

“Hm.”

“So what if one has good talent? Just the path to become an undying alone is a very bumpy road, and large amounts of sector lords fall right at the final doorway. That Bolan, has to go through a lot on the bumpy road to becoming undying, much less the 10,000 times or million times harder path of a space knight.”

The group of undying’s sighed.

These were all undying’s from the many universe countries with high amounts of power and authority, all of them were important and authoritative people directly under their country leaders. They could easily destroy a few planets or stars with a flip of their hand. However if they could become a knight of any path…that would be one with the ability to own a few starfields and create a universe country already.

A space knight, with a wave of his hand could turn the flow of stars and change the space altogether. A planet in front of them, was akin to a glass marble.

At evening.

Sipping drinks in one of the restaurants in the plaza, Luo Feng suddenly heard a voice invade his consciousness: “Participants from the 1,008 universe countries, please gather at the center plaza.” Unconsciously Luo Feng stood straight up. It wasn’t just him, all the geniuses in the restaurant stood up too.

1,008,000 geniuses, be it flying from the sky or from the skyscrapers all flew out, some even flying from the edges of the plaza all gathering in the center.

Over a million geniuses were gathered there!

At this time!

With 1,008,000 geniuses there forming a large square formation, stood in the center of the plaza. After which…they all awoke.

“What happened?” Luo Feng awoke.

“What’s going on?”

“Ah, why am I here, I was just within the house.”

The entire square formation of over a million geniuses had woken suddenly, even that death god Bolan too had the same shocked expression.

At this time, above the square formation, 1,008 undying’s stood there. These undying’s naturally released their auras and pressure, with the pressure of over a 1,000 undying’s…these caused the over a million geniuses to immediately go silent, not one daring to even make a sound.

“Welcome to all participants in our Virtual Universe Company’s pinnacle genius competition.” A gentle voice resounded within every ear.

Everyone turned over to look, and were completely shocked.

The originally empty space in front suddenly had a green armored purple scaled man appear. He was all smiles…however standing in mid air, he seemed like an ancient god. The aura he naturally emitted made the over one million geniuses submit unconsciously.

Also!

Even though they could see him there with their eyes, all the geniuses felt as though this great being himself was almost like in a different space altogether. That time and space disorderly feeling made them feel extremely uncomfortable.

“1,008 universe countries, a thousand from each, a total of over a million geniuses.” The green robed man stood in mid air, surveying the over a million geniuses below, his voice was gentle, “Our Virtual Universe Company is going to pick the 1,000 strongest from you all and absorb them into the core of our Virtual Universe Company.”

“The million of you will contest for 1,000 slots.”

“The rules are as below.”

“Tomorrow, all of you will separately enter a training space. Our Virtual Universe Company has prepared over a million training spaces, one for each of you.”

“There’s a total of 7 towers within the training space! Every tower has 7 levels!”

“From the 1st tower you will begin your battle, after finishing the 1st tower and all of its 7 levels, then you can enter the 2nd tower. If you die at any point, you will be kicked out of the training space!”

“According to your training space results, we’ll calculate the points.”

“The top rankers in points from rank 1- 100 will immediately be absorbed into the Virtual Universe Company’s core members, acquiring 100 slots.”

“From rank 101 to rank 7300, these 7200 people will engage in arena duels and fight for the remaining 900 slots.”

“As for those 7300 and behind…they’ll be eliminated!”

The green robed man’s words caused the over a million geniuses to be stunned.

There were a total of 1,008,000 people this time, meaning that just from this training space, over a million were going to be eliminated!


Chapter 425: Luo Feng’s Plan

That mysterious being that represented the Virtual Universe Company left straight after that simple announcement.

Even though Luo Feng and the others were still curious, they could only return to skyscraper 0825 to rest.

Daybreak of the next day.

“Everyone please get ready, we’ll begin the group teleportation soon, which will send all the participants into their respective training spaces.” A clear voice resounded within the entire space where the skyscrapers were. The geniuses within the 1,008 skyscrapers were up much earlier, awaiting the beginning of the elimination.

First the elimination and later the duels.

However in terms of brutality of the round, it was obvious that the training space round made their hearts tremble.

“All the best.”

“Work hard.” Within the large hall of the skyscraper 0825, the geniuses from the Ganwu universe country wished each other, it was too brutal. This 1st wave of elimination alone eliminated over a million people. Of the 1000 geniuses in this hall, less than a count of 10 fingers worth of people may be left.

“Madman, good luck.”

“Windmill, all the best.”

Luo Feng and the green haired youth Windmill encouraged each other.

Suddenly…

Rumble!

A formless peculiar energy descended on the space, causing the 1,008,000 geniuses within to immediately be teleported. As for the undying’s still in that space, along with the waiters and staff etc, they weren’t affected at all.

There was a large meteorite that was close to 100km in size, rectangular shaped, floating in mid space.

Shua!

Luo Feng appeared on the meteorite. As he looked around, there were distant little stars around him. And not too far from himself, ordinary planets without any life could be seen. He couldn’t help but exclaim, “The virtual universe created more than million training spaces, just this one alone is so realistic.”

This meteorite which was floating in the universe had 7 towers!

Every tower, was high like a mountain, at least 10km tall and several km cubic meters in area. The 7 towers were spread out in different locations on this huge meteorite.

Luo Feng lowered his gaze to look at his wrist. On it was a screen, just like during the elimination back in the Ganwu universe country selection.

“Participant: Luo Feng (Ganwu universe country)

Points: 0

Rank: None

Training space location: Number 027 9378

There were a total of 7 towers in a training space and each one of these towers had 7 levels.

The 1st training tower, every level alone had a maximum score of 10,000 points. If one completed all 7 levels, they could at most acquire 70,000 points.

The 2nd tower, every level’s maximum score was 100,000 points. Completing all 7 levels would gain one a maximum of 700,000 points.

……

The 4th tower, every level’s maximum score was 10 million. Completing all would give one 70 million points.

……

The 7th tower, every level’s maximum score was 100 trillion points. After completing all 7 levels, one would acquire 700 trillion points.

Note: The moment one dies, the training ends.

There were two ways to get past every level. One of them was to kill all the targets within that level, acquiring all the points possible and being transported immediately to the next. The second way was, instead of killing all targets, if one still survived without dying after ten days, he would be immediately transported to the next level and continue on.

When all of the participants have died, the training ends. The final ranking will be determined then.

Below shows the ranking.”

……

“Madness.” Luo Feng looked at the screen, shaking his head, “When everyone dies, the training ends? What does this mean…does it mean that there is a possibility that no one can actually make it past the 7th tower!”

Obviously, the difficulty of the towers were extremely high.

The Virtual Universe Company had confidence in killing off everyone of the participants!

“This is pretty similar to the elimination stage of the Ganwu universe country. However that time it was just within that one world, and it was just a part of the Ganwu universe country’s selection and ranking within that one world. And this time! It’s actually the pinnacle geniuses from the 1,008 universe countries all gathered. The strong are numerous as the clouds, and ranking below 7,300, one would immediately be eliminated.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows and pondered.

Obviously!

The 1st tower was meant to be easier, and it got gradually harder towards the end!

“This states that there are two ways to get past every level. One is to kill all the targets and the other is to survive for 10 days? Then he’ll be automatically transported.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, “Doesn’t this mean…in every level, I can stay for as long as 10 days?”

“Each training tower has 7 levels!”

“Then, just in one tower I can stay for as long as 70 days!”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but reveal an expression of excitement, “That’s great, this way the 5 towers will give me one year’s worth of time.”

What did he lack the most currently? Time!

The golden horned beast just broke through to the universe level, it’s natural talents had just begun to flourish, comprehending the domain and studying the gold origin laws. And the Mosha clan body…had just been born last year October, its training till now hadn’t even reached a year. If he had one more year of time.

He would definitely be even stronger!

“Right!’

“This is it!” Luo Feng made the decision, “I won’t rush forward anxiously at the start. I’ll let the Mosha clan body in reality work and train hard, maximizing my growth as much as possible. The stronger I get! Then I’d definitely be able to go further in this training space… till then…”

“Hm!”

“Maybe my ranking will be extremely low at first. However there’s no rush, the more important thing is the final rank.”

“I’ll shock everybody with a single brilliant move.” Luo Feng laughed.

Rumble!

He became a beam of light and flew towards that 1st tower. That tower that was at least 10km tall with an engraving ‘1’ on its entrance. This was the 1st tower. Luo Feng prepared his spirit weapons and armor etc, and entered.

The moment he entered.

The words on Luo Feng’s screen moved, “1st tower, 1st level: 10,000 ferocious beasts Hairy Blood Mammoths.

Killing one beast would get one point, while killing all would give 10,000 points and teleporting him straight to level 2.

If one didn’t kill them all and survives for 10 days, he’ll be transported immediately to level 2 as well.

Death will mean the end of training.”

At the side of the screen, there was even a countdown timer. Obviously the moment the 10 days were up he would be transported.

“Just like what I thought.” Luo Feng smiled, “Then let’s begin!”

……

In reality.

Solar system, mars.

A golden horned beast at least 10m long let out an excited cry. “Roar…” after which images of the golden horned beast appeared about, continuing to study the Absolute space. As a being favoured by space itself, the Mosha clan clone was studying a space technique with total enjoyment, that feeling was wonderful.

Virtual universe, within that plaza stood the 1,008 undying’s, casually spread out.

The training space elimination wasn’t broadcast publicly in the entire universe. The only thing broadcasted were the rankings. And only the final duels would be broadcasted publicly! However…the undying’s from the many universe countries had special privileges, they could watch the stream of every participant.

“This Bolan, indeed he’s vicious, the moment he started, he has been ranked number 1.”

“Hm!”

“So fast, this Bolan’s score is rising at such a shocking speed. It far exceeds the number 2 ranker.”

“13, your Ganwu universe country’s Rong Jun is not bad too, right now he’s ranked 12.”

The 1,008 undying’s could easily watch the rank table and the situation of each participant. Right now they represented each universe country. And so, naturally they’d wish for their own geniuses to be more outstanding, that way they’d gain more respect. To these eternal beings, face and respect was extremely important.

“Still ok.” The scaled armor giant nodded slightly, sitting in an enormous chair, watching the screen.

“Rong Jun.” He directly opened the stream of Rong Jun’s situation.

All that could be seen was the wild barefooted youth, with peculiar movement, extremely quick, wielding a battle blade and slashing at the winged, three eyed hairy lion like creatures, ferocious beast Chimera.

The scale armored giant couldn’t help but reveal a smile on his face.

“Hm?” His eyebrows creased, his anger showing, “This Luo Feng…”

He actually didn’t notice that the rankings had Luo Feng’s name. From his expectations, this Luo Feng should at least be able to make it to the top 10,000, following which he opened his own name list of the Ganwu universe country and saw Luo Feng’s name… “Luo Feng (Ganwu universe country), rank: 1,006,891.” This made the giant’s eyes rage, his anger revealing itself.

“What’s this idiot doing?” The scale armored giant opened Luo Feng’s stream, looking at it he creased his eyebrows, “He’s not even working hard, this punk, he’s using the training space to train?”

Exactly!

However the golden horned beast and the Mosha clan clone were both engaged in training. Even if Luo Feng’s earth body didn’t train and just constantly absorbed the comprehension from those 2 bodies, using it in battle, he would constantly grow even more.

1st tower 1st level, 2nd level…

In each level, he stayed for a full 10 days. He waited till the last moment to go kill all the targets. Obviously amongst the over 1 million geniuses, it wasn’t just Luo Feng doing this. Many others had used the same strategy during the easier earlier levels to squeeze out more time to strengthen themselves.

Hence this resulted in Luo Feng not being the last.

However he was still almost the last, amongst the bottom 1000 or 2000.

……

60 days later.

Rumble!

Luo Feng reached the 7th level of the 1st tower.

“The 6th level before, what was in it was actually the space beast Cang.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but exclaim as he thought about the previous level, simultaneously he looked at the screen on his wrist.

1st tower 7th level, Bug clan Mother Nest Killing the mother nest would give 10,000 points, immediately transporting to the 2nd tower’s 1st level.

Bug clan Mother nest in reality, even the weakest mother nest was still comparable to a sector lord, sometimes even comparable to many undying’s. This training space’s mother nest was lowered in power to fit the participants level.

Suggestion: Kill the mother nest as early as possible. The later it gets, the mother nest will produce more and more bug clans, and stronger ones at that!”

Rumble!

The 7th level space immediately transformed into a vast desert. Within the center of the desert there was a patch of green and there lay a huge round ball, with a diameter of about 60m. The round ball had dents in it, simultaneously emitting…some poison. Even its body itself was covered in poisonous liquid.

“Bug clan mother nest?” Luo Feng stared, “Earth, earth… Shenlong Jia…”

Luo Feng thought of the three great dangers of earth. In Shenlong Jia there was a terrifying mysterious ball there, even Babata had forbidden him from touching that thing.


Chapter 426: Bug Clan Mother Nest

“So that’s the bug clan mother nest?” Luo Feng was filled with fear within.

Right, fear!

Bug clan, they were one of the pinnacle of races comparable to the human race.

They were a very peculiar clan.

The population of the bug clan, one could say they were shockingly many. However from a different point of view, they could also be said to be shockingly few! One bug clan mother nest can produce trillions and trillions of bug soldiers, their dominating strategy is that of using their numbers to overwhelm others. However from a different standpoint, these slaughtering bug soldiers have very low intellect, even to the point of no intelligence at all, only physical capabilities!

Countless bug soldiers were all completely subservient and obedient to the mother nest’s command.

The mother nest could send them to their deaths and none of them would even resist.

Hence…

Within the bug clan, only the mother nest had the right to be considered a life form with intelligence. With the number of mother nests around, the bug clan could be said to be extremely few in numbers.

And within every mother nests, the weakest was comparable to a sector lord, while the strongest was comparable to undying’s! One mother nest could produce countless bug races, enough to dominate one galaxy, even up to a vast starfield!

“Mother nest on earth?” Luo Feng felt a chill within, “Babata that bastard!”

In reality, solar system, mars.

A small golden horned beast’s body suddenly became energy, swiftly forming a black clothed Luo Feng.

“Babata, what’s going on?” Luo Feng raged.

The golden horned beast was currently at universe level 8, hence he could preserve his consciousness both within reality and the virtual universe. What’s more, the natural talent, void pagoda, allowed Luo Feng’s earth body to be able to gather his focus to do several things with his consciousness. All this while maintaining a basic awareness in the body itself.

“What?” Babata said unhappily.

“You can still ask? Let me ask you, that Shenlong Jia mysterious ball on earth, what is that?” The black clothed Luo Feng raged.

“Luo Feng, I told you before, don’t be anxious, when it’s time for you to know, I’ll let you know.” Babata said, “That thing is not something the current you can deal with.”

“That’s the bug clan Mother nest!”

Luo feng roared angrily, “The moment it awakens it can produce countless large amounts of bug soldiers. When that happens, countless soldiers will swiftly dominate the entire milky way! Even spreading throughout the black dragon mountain star field! This is a disaster, disaster! The moment it awakens, earth will be finished!”

“There was such a big danger. Yet, you actually kept it from me.” Luo Feng was a ball of rage.

My god.

The mother nest was on earth, this was akin to when one went to bed only to know there was a bomb under the bed, one that could explode at any time.

“Oh, you know?” Babata was shocked.

“Hmph!” Luo Feng tried hard to suppress his anger, “Speak, what do we do now?”

The bug clan, as one of the pinnacle of races comparable to humans in the universe, any one mother nest would be considered a great disaster! Hence in the virtual universe network, any information with regards to the bug clan mother nest was all considered classified, not easily widespread or easy to acquire. However the terrifying abilities of the bug clan…Luo Feng knew long ago!

The inherited memories of the golden horned beast, back then just gathering all the memories alone took 16 days.

The information contained within these memories was too huge.

Luo Feng had only slightly organized it, and not looked at everything. With regards to the mother nest, Luo Feng too had only briefly browsed through the basics. The basic introductions didn’t have the picture of the bug clan mother nest, it stated, “Bug clan, the core lies in the mother nests. And the mother nests are lairs built by the queen.”

“The queen’s body is fragile and soft, yet it has a very powerful spirit reading energy. However it’s physical body is weak, hence it builds a strong mother nest, that itself becomes its armor.”

“The queen can produce countless bug soldiers, the nest it builds is specially designed for its body, although it’s appearances differed.”

……

Luo Feng back then had only briefly organized the inherited memories, looking through only the most basic introductions. At this time he was shocked to discover that there was a bug clan mother nest on earth!

Hence he had to go and look at the information in detail.

The introduction of the mother nest only had so few words. However the detailed introduction had large amounts of pictures and 10s of millions of words. The information contained the detailed scariness of the bug clan mother nests, the many types of bug soldiers it could produce etc, along with large amounts of pictures. This made Luo Feng very clear.

On earth, indeed there was a mother nest.

“Don’t be angry, don’t get anxious, what are you worried about, do you think I’ll harm your earth?” Babata said.

“I know you won’t, but I still must know. What’s the deal with this bug clan mother nest.” Luo Feng’s consciousness communicated, “If you don’t explain clearly, I won’t be able to relax!”

Who could?

A thing that could at anytime destroy earth and even the entire milky way, who could relax?

“Alright.” Babata said helplessly, “I’ll tell you, this bug clan mother nest was something your teacher brought back from the battlefield outside the starfield.”

“Teacher?”

Luo Feng asked more, “Let me ask you, within this mother nest, is there a queen?”

The mother nest was only a nest or lair. The bug clan queen was the true life form, because the body of the queen was fragile and weak… any warrior could easily destroy its body, plus the difficulty of building a nest itself was very high. Hence the queens of the bug clan couldn’t easily dispose of their nests and build others.

“Yes! There is!”

“And it’s still alive.” Babata said.

“Ah!” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

“However you can relax, it poses no threat at all to earth at the moment.” Babata explained, “Relax, you can think of it as…in a coma, and it’s an eternal coma. As for the details, wait till your soul imprint reaches the level of your teacher, and you’ll understand.”

“Nothing will happen?” Luo Feng still felt it was a ticking time bomb.

“No! Unless an undying with soul abilities even higher than your teacher comes.” Babata smiled, “That level of undying, if he wanted to destroy earth, he could do so with a flip of his hand. He wouldn’t waste the effort to keep a living bug clan mother nest.”

Only then did Luo feng relax, curiously asking, “What did my teacher want to actually do with this mother nest, he even went as far as keeping it alive?”

“The bug clan mother nest’s potential energy is very huge. If one could enslave this mother nest just like he does humans, and nurture it well, then your teacher would have a very powerful force with him. Just that endless bug army would be enough to save your teacher’s life from that attack before.” Babata exclaimed.

Luo Feng nodded.

The bug clan mother nest could produce 10s of millions of bug soldiers.

Once one could truly control a mother nest, that was extremely powerful. Against an endless sea of bugs…even undying’s would have problems! If it wasn’t that strong, the bug clan wouldn’t be considered one of the elite races of the universe.

“Teacher’s ambition was really wild.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but say.

Babata said helplessly, “However the bug clan mother nest’s life form itself is strange. Saying it’s a pure life form is not completely right. However, it’s soul can be distributed into every single bug soldier’s mind, and it can control all their thoughts. Your teacher’s enslaving soul imprint is unable to control it, and before he could come up with a way to do so, he put it into an eternal sleep.”

“Hence he threw it onto earth?” Luo Feng said.

“Well he can’t leave it on the Yun Mo Planet ship right.” Babata replied.

Luo Feng was speechless.

The genius battle elimination was still going on.

Over a million training spaces, the massacre continued.

“The powerful bug clan mother nest, had its strength lowered to such a level.” Luo Feng’s golden blades immediately slit open the mother nest, from within flew out a 6m tall, with an entire body white and translucent crystal like queen. It had beautiful translucent butterfly wings, its face covered with mist, emitting a unordinary charm, peculiar and powerful music like sounds resounded and entered his ears.

“Indeed a queen that’s proficient in spirit reading. It’s charm alone is that powerful.”

At the same time! Chi!

A powerful spirit energy pierced into Luo Feng’s consciousness.

“Rumble!”

The void pagoda stood there, the spirit attack pierced in and dispersed.

……

Days passed one at a time.

That beautiful queen thought and tried many ways to attack Luo Feng. With its weak and fragile body, it could only rely on spirit attacks. As for Luo Feng with his incredibly strong consciousness and willpower, also with the void pagoda training, it was akin to an ant trying to shake a tree, it didn’t affect Luo Feng at all.

Actually if one was able to kill all the bug soldiers, usually the queen itself didn’t have much resisting ability.

The queen was strong, in the sense it could produce endless and many types of bug soldiers.

“Countdown, 10 days?”

Luo Feng looked down at the screen on his wrist, a few more minutes and the 10 days would be up, he stepped on the dark cloud shuttle…becoming a beam of light and shooting at the queen hiding in the distance that didn’t dare to mess with Luo Feng. That seemingly weak and fragile poor queen, it’s dark blue eyes filled with resentment looking at Luo Feng.

Chi!

The golden blade pierced right through it’s forehead.

“Still using its charm.” Luo Feng pondered, “The 1st level bug clan mother nest wasn’t strong at all. It could barely deal with normal star level 9s.”

Killing everything and finishing the 1st tower’s 7 levels, he was transported to the 2nd tower. The shocking thing was, the opponents of the 2nd tower were actually exactly the same as the 1st! The only difference was that their strengths had risen greatly!

“The same ferocious beast Hairy blood mammoth in the 2nd tower is much stronger than the 1st! Then the 3rd tower, the 4th, how scary would they be? Also the back 5th, 6th and 7th! No wonder the Virtual Universe Company has so much confidence that everyone would eventually die.” Luo Feng was shocked.

This Training space, was very difficult!

……

The aim of the 7 towers and the numbers were all exactly the same. Only the strength of the creatures were different.

1st level, the ferocious beast hairy blood mammoth, a total of 10,000 of them.

2nd level, it was the demon 9 headed python, a total of 10,000 of them. The difference between the demons and ferocious beasts was…the intellect. Just like the beasts on earth, in truth they belonged to the demon race.

3rd level, the metallic life form Tuo Luo race warriors, 1,000 of them.

4th level, was the universe mysterious being, flying monkey, 1,000 of them. They belonged to a special breed of the ferocious beasts.

The 5th level, was the automaton race puppets, 100 of them!

6th level, was the space beast Cang, 10 of them!

The 7th level was the bug clan mother nest, just 1!

The 7 towers were all arranged the same way. However it was very obvious that the strength of the creatures in the 7 towers rose greatly with each tower.


Chapter 427: Smiling 13

The genius battle had created huge waves of excitement in every universe country, getting the attention of countless people.

And the pinnacle of geniuses battle currently from the 1,008 universe countries, made countless people from all over incredibly anxious. It couldn’t be helped, after all the training elimination round wasn’t broadcasted publicly, only the rankings could be checked.

“Rong Jun is too cool!”

“Look, on the virtual universe website, the newest footage of Savage Rong Jun has been shown.” In the virtual universe streets of the Ganwu continent, a couple of youths pointed at the screen in the street. That girl said excitedly as the man beside her laughed, “The ranks are constantly changing. However, as long as they make it into the top 1,000, the Virtual Universe Company will create a broadcast for them. It’s only our Ganwu universe country’s Rong Jun has gotten that honor.”

“Wasn’t there a Luo Feng before?”

“Haven’t you seen the ranks, he’s all the way at the bottom.” The man shook his head.

“Didn’t a lot of big people say Madman Luo Feng was very strong? What happened, why is his rank so low?” The girl asked curiously.

“No idea.” The man shook his head and sighed, “It is rather disappointing. I still worshipped him so much before, I always felt he was more vicious than Rong Jun, however now…”

Over a hundred million galaxies in the Ganwu universe country, countless people were discussing the ranks of the genius battle, while many were expressing their disappointment at Luo Feng. Because, in the past…within the Ganwu universe the discussions were rampant with the ranking of the geniuses of the Ganwu country, Rong Jun was ranked 1 and Luo Feng 2. These two were the main stars.

However from the current look!

Rong Jun was intrepid, but Luo Feng? He was ranked right at the bottom. Within the over ten thousand star fields within the Ganwu universe country, their words about Luo Feng were already considered gentle. The ones from the Black Dragon Mountain starfield however had gone mad!

……

“Madman! Have you really gone mad, why are you so lousy?”

“You shouldn’t be so lousy!”

“Such a disappointment!”

“Madman, my beloved madman, my worshipped madman, where is he?”

“How can you be right at the back, I don’t expect you to rush to the front, but you should still make it to the top 10,000.”

“Madman, madman!”

“You are such a letdown.”

In the Black Dragon Mountain empire, the countless citizens that were proud of Luo Feng had intense feelings. Some so far that they scolded Luo Feng with rage, hating that he didn’t fight hard enough.

“The rankings are still moving, we’ll only know at the end. Luo Feng may just go at it at the end. Before in the 1st world, he did the same thing as he only showed his strength at the back.”

“Everybody has to believe in Madman”

“We will always support Madman!”

One spectrum was intense hate and rage after experiencing disappointment! The other was a solid support, keeping faith in Luo Feng! However…Luo Feng who represented the Black Dragon Mountain empire in the pinnacle of genius battles, had indeed hurt many of the citizens faith.

Virtual universe, in the plaza surrounded by 1,008 skyscrapers.

1,008 undying’s all sat there, looking at the floating screen, laughing and discussing.

“There’s really a bunch of geniuses who hid their true strengths in their respective universe country selections.”

“Surprises.”

The group of undying’s were judging a few of the shocking performances, as the top 100 of this training space elimination would immediately receive a slot on the namelist. Hence many of the truly strong warriors who had been hiding their strengths unleashed it all, all using their full strengths, causing the undying’s to be surprised.

“That apeman youth is really nimble. These sort of places with many opponents really suit him.”

“Hm.” Beside, the scale armored giant’s voice rumbled “Training space is afterall just a test. It’s nothing like a 1v1 battle! And whatever’s been arranged within, there’s metal life forms, automaton dolls, these are all things that don’t fear soul attacks. Hence, those proficient in soul attacks are at a major disadvantage.”

1v1, human duel.

Compared to this training space elimination, there would be differences in the people picked out.

“13, what you said makes sense.” Beside, a silver haired man in a silver long robe said, “However, a true genius would still perform well. And I feel that this training space has been designed well, because in the future, their enemies will be the many different strong races in the universe!”

“Hm.” The scale armored giant nodded his head, looking at the ranking on the screen, where it displayed the 1,000 geniuses form the Ganwu universe country.

“Rong Jun, ranked 16, not bad.”

“This Luo Feng!”

The scale armored giant was angry, “He’s really treating it as a training ground, taking the maximum 10 days every level. This punk, he really doesn’t care about others scolding him outside!” As he paid attention to Luo Feng, he could easily see…that Luo Feng was using up all the time given at each level.

“Hm? Eliminated?” The scale armored giant discovered that two other geniuses from the bottom had red universe language words behind them…Eliminated.

“Two more died!”

……

At this time, in the center plaza there were already up to 100,000 eliminated geniuses.

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

Almost every few seconds, 10 or so human silhouettes would simultaneously appear in the center plaza.

“Windmill, you’ve been eliminated too?”

“Bu La Si, you were earlier than me.” The green haired youth Windmill joked back.

“I’ve never expected myself to be able to get into the top 7,300.” A handsome youth with curly hair, dressed in golden armor, shook his head, “When I entered the training space, I fought hard with the greatest speed through each level, wanting to raise my rank. And everything went as I expected, killing fast at the start, my name rose extremely fast, rushing to the top 100,000 even. However the 3rd tower later was really too difficult, my speed slowed down and finally I died! In an instant my rank dropped to the back 300,000, and after my death, at the 3rd tower 5th level, I was sat on by that automaton puppet, really tragic.”

“Sat on?” Windmill laughed loudly.

“How far did you reach?” That handsome youth asked.

“3rd tower level 7.” Windmill couldn’t help but curse, “That bug clan mother nest was too strong as the bug soldiers kept coming out. The production speed was much faster than the previous two towers, and much stronger as well. My killing speed couldn’t match up to the production speed…I could only watch as the soldiers increased in number and buried me alive.”

“Haha…” The handsome youth couldn’t help but laugh, “Oh, right, I just checked the rankings, the Madman from our universe country, the one that you are on good terms with, why is he so low?”

“Low?”

Windmill gazed about, “Have you looked around? There’s already over 100,000 eliminated geniuses. As long as Madman stays within the training space, his name will continue to rise, just wait! That punk, I’m very sure, just like the last time in the 1st world of elimination, this punk didn’t even do anything the 1st 10 days, and later went on a slaughtering spree. I’m sure this will be exactly the same!”

“So devious?” The handsome youth stared.

“This is called calm! Grounded!” Windmill mocked, “Unlike you, rushing headfirst, being eliminated at the 3rd tower 5th level.”

……

7 towers.

1,008,000 geniuses, they had all passed the 1st and 2nd towers. However, the moment the 3rd tower began, many had been eliminated.

The 3rd tower had eliminated the most people. Almost 90% of the entire number!

“Luo Feng, right, just like that, stay low.” The 9th prince Brolin was within his own Black Dragon Mountain island’s palace, comfortably laying in his chair, looking at the floating screen. On it was a forum, he was watching a large amount of people scolding Luo Feng for not fighting hard enough.

“Interesting, interesting.”

Brolin was all smiles, “Luo Feng, even though I don’t want to mess with you, I don’t want you to be too strong too.”

“The position you are at right now is just right, it fits you.”

……

Brolin could continue living his satisfied life as a prince. After all, the imperial family was backed by that emperor that opened the country. As an undying being, Luo Feng couldn’t pick a fight with him.

However Nuolan Shan was different.

Right now, Luo Feng could easily get people to help him settle Nuolan Shan. Hence, ever since Luo Feng made headlines in the genius battles, the cautious Nuolan Shan was scared out of his own family palace. He ended up moving to a distant Karma star field, on a harsh environment normal life planet and living a secluded life.

“Good!”

“Good!”

After his training, he flew back to his simple villa, his cold eyes looking at the quantum computer screen in the living room. The rankings changed occasionally. He couldn’t help but smile coldly, “Forcing me to leave my family, this time you little punk, you will drop and fall hard, right at the bottom? Great!”

……

In spite of the madness happening outside, rage, suspicion, scolding, cheers, Luo Feng maintained his position steady as a mountain, taking 10 days for every level, slowly progressing.

2nd tower level 7, passed.

3rd tower, 7 levels, passed.

The 4th tower’s 7 levels, if the Mosha clan clone hadn’t been born yet, Luo Feng wouldn’t have been able to make it through. However, as like before, he took one step at a time and steadily passed all 7 levels.

……

Virtual universe, in the center plaza.

To the eternal undying’s, staying one year here was a very casual thing altogether. Undeniably, this level of gathering, they couldn’t leave so easily either. The 1,008 undying’s were all in discussion.

“13, your universe country’s Luo Feng has risen greatly again.”

“Look at this broadcast, that punk has maintained a steady pace, not rushed but not slow either, and he passes every level easily.”

“Look, he’s made it into the top 500!”

The scale armored giant sat in a huge chair, looking at the screen before him. The ranking on the screen was very peculiar, the Ganwu universe country’s genius number one was Rong Jun. He was currently the overall rank 13. However…Rong Jun had already died in a battle, and was kicked out of the training space.

“This Rong Jun made it earlier on to the 5th tower when he died. During that time, Luo Feng was still at the 1st level of the 4th tower slowly moving!” The scale armored giant couldn’t help but force a smile, he remembered clearly the joke that happened before.

Back then he said…

“Luo Feng is maintaining a very low profile. Slowly, just watch, towards the end he will rise to the top 3,000-5,000.” The scale armored giant had said to the other undying’s back then.

However later on.

Luo Feng’s name rose steadily, and right now he was in the top 500.

“5th Tower!”

“Luo Feng has entered the 5th tower!”

……

“1st level, success!” Rank 128!”

……

“3rd level, success! Rank 42!”

……

As time passed, the scale armored giant creased his eyebrows, under that helmet were eyes that were filled with a deathly aura, staring hard at the screen, saying softly, “This Luo Feng…he hides his power really well! However, I like these kinds of surprises!” His eyes had a sense of glee.


Chapter 428: Four People

The scale armored giant used his right hand to gently tap the arm rest, looking at the broadcast of Luo Feng battling on the screen, he said softly, “He’s using the 10,000 threads, and he’s reached quite a high level.”

“During the universe country internal selection, he didn’t reveal any bit of space origin laws comprehension. But now, he’s able to use the 10,000 threads to such a level. This Luo Feng, still waters run deep!” The scale armored giant’s lips curled slightly, with an interesting expression.

“The 10,000 threads technique, even though it’s widely spread, however it’s still usually spread amongst the undying’s!”

“This Luo Feng actually has this technique, looks like his background isn’t simple.”

“Interesting, really interesting!”

“I don’t know which undying from our Ganwu universe country, undying or sector lord, nurtured such an exceptional disciple.” The scale armored giant was very clear. From the selection in the virtual universe, things like the Nan Shen Armament and the Dark cloud shuttle etc were all easily picked by the participants’ choices. However the training and techniques were all their own.

In reality, to be able to acquire the 10,000 threads technique.

In the Black Dragon Mountain empire, less than a 100 people had the ability or right to get it!

……

The undying’s from the different universe countries were considered calm and collected.

Those participants that had been kicked out early in the training space however were agitated and jealous.

“Luo Kaxiu, your Ganwu universe country really has many strong geniuses. That Savage Rong Jun is ranked at 13th overall. As for that Madman Luo Feng, no one noticed him at first, however he’s already made it to rank 42. No matter how you look at it, these two are definitely entering the core of the Virtual Universe Company.”

“Madman is quite a vicious person from our Ganwu universe country. I heard that at the start of the elimination he wasn’t rushed too, and only unleashed everything towards the end.”

Over a million participants were watching the screen in the center of the plaza, there were only four screens left.

Because…

There remained only four people in the training spaces!

The Virtual Universe Company website had just published a latest broadcast…

“This time’s genius competition, at the current moment, there are four that have yet to die within the training spaces!”

“They are…”

“From the Noah universe country, Death god Bolan!”

“From the 9 Flames universe country, the Blood Tip Kandita!”

“From the Ancient Wheel universe country, the Blade of Life Yi Feng!”

“From the Ganwu universe country, Madman Luo Feng!”

“Death god Bolan, is wearing an eternal white cloth, hauling an eternal blood red blade! This training space, from the beginning he’s been in the lead. However, since the 2nd tower began, his speed declined greatly and he has slowed down a lot. There was even once when someone overtook him. However, right now he’s the overall number 1! His points far exceed the 2nd rank!”

“Blood Tip Kandita, this tall and sturdy wild youth, seemingly a fighter, however in truth he’s a powerful spirit reader controller. Using one of the 9 godly controller weapons the Blood Tip Armament, he was at the bottom towards the beginning of the training space stage. However, as time passed, he continued to head towards the higher levels and had great progress! Right now he’s ranked at 43, he’s long been accepted into the core of the virtual universe company!”

“The blade of life Yi Feng, this small and skinny punk, is actually a shockingly powerful fighter. His blade represents the beauty of life itself. His face always carrying a bashful expression, at the start of the stage he was at the bottom, however right now he’s made it to a very high level, and currently ranked over 45! Similarly earning the right to enter the core of the virtual universe company!”

“Madman Luo Feng, similar to Kandita and Yi Feng, was at the bottom at the beginning. However, he has showcased shocking speed, progressing through the levels. However the main difference between him and the other two is…Luo Feng’s battle techniques, brings along with him a bone chilling bloodthirst. His eyes are cold and carry the look of brutality and slaughter. He is indeed a Madman! And right now his overall rank is 42, earning the right to enter the core of the Virtual Universe Company.”

This time’s genius competition, is definitely considered one of the highest in quality!”

“In the training space, the absolute geniuses all revealed their true powers, surprising us all.”

“And right now!”

“With only four absolute geniuses remaining, on the day they are kicked out of the training space, that would be the end of the training space stage as well.”

“Let us all wish the four absolute geniuses to bring us even more surprises!”

There was a total of 5 parts to the latest broadcast. While explaining the four geniuses remaining, the other four parts were individually special broadcasts for each genius! The entire human race from the 1,008 universe countries, trillions of galaxies with 10s of millions of human races, countless humans were all waiting in anticipation and nervousness.

……

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng!”

The Ganwu universe country had erupted! The Black Dragon Mountain empire..was even crazier!

“Madman Luo Feng, Madman Luo Feng!!!” On the Black Dragon Mountain empire, it was frequently seen that many people were before the screens on the streets, raising their wine glasses and shouting excitedly and roaring, all cheering for Luo Feng.

“He’s from our Black Dragon Mountain empire!”

“He’s from our Black Dragon Mountain empire!”

“Luo Feng!”

“He’s from our Black Dragon Mountain empire, who is an absolute genius after a trillion years! He’ll definitely…definitely become a strong warrior within the universe! I believe, I always believe!” There were many disappointed people before from the Black Dragon Mountain empire, however with his rank raising rapidly, many people had been stunned.

With his rank rising greatly, rushing into the top 10,000, top 5000, top 1000, top 500 and top 100…

It was a straight path upwards!

Finally lighting the flame of passion within the trillions of people within the Black Dragon Mountain empire. My god, in the vast universe of human owned territories, the Black Dragon Mountain star field was indeed nothing but a small dot, not noticeable at all. Who would have thought this time that an absolute genius would arise from their little spot and compete with the other pinnacle geniuses altogether!

Madness!

The entire empire was in madness!

Especially when Luo Feng was confirmed to have the right to enter the core of the Virtual Universe Company. Even the Black Dragon Mountain empire’s emperor made a whole celebration for it! That was the core of one of the 5 great leviathans of the human race. In terms of position and power, it was thousands to tens of thousands of times bigger than the imperial family of the Black Dragon Mountain empire.

“Luo Feng!”

“Madman Luo Feng!”

“Go! Rush into the top 10, rush to number 1!”

The Black Dragon Mountain empire’s citizens had totally lost it, especially the countless youths who were blindly devoted to worshipping Luo Feng. At this time, Luo Feng was the idol of all the citizens in the Black Dragon Mountain empire!

Within the specially opened space for the genius competition, center plaza.

Over a million geniuses from the 1,008 universe countries watched the four screens in mid air. The utmost left screen, even the undying’s in the huge thrones were all watching that one screen.

When that blood red slash sliced past the bug clan queen’s weak body, the entire plaza let out a suppressed shocked sound.

“My god!”

“That Death god Bolan has already passed the 6th tower.”

“That’s crazy.”

“Right now, from ranks 2 to 6, they all died at the 1st level of the 6th tower. And this Death god Bolan actually passed all 7 levels, completing the entire 6th tower!”

“His points, will leave everybody far behind.”

Too strong.

Looking at the white robed blood red blade human silhouette, all the geniuses felt a sense of envy within them. If the other geniuses could bear with it, it could be said that this Death god Bolan had completely exceeded all the different geniuses from the universe countries expectations altogether.

Death god Bolan was so strong he made others despair!

……

Training space.

A meteorite in the universe, had 7 towers, and within the 5th tower, the 4th level.

“Hu! Hu! Hu! Hu!”

Standing on the dark cloud shuttle, moving as fast as lightning, becoming a peculiar arc beam of light bending 12 times and directly dodging from the surrounding flying monkeys, leaving behind four images in mid air.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng discovered the screen of his wrist moving. Looking down on the screen, the rankings displayed the remaining four people still in the training space, and with the movement it meant that there was some change.

“Number 1 Bolan (Noah Universe country, points, 7,777,770,000

Number 2 Gu Si Luo (Yi Mu universe country, points: 1,682,970,000

……

The screen displayed the top 100, in which included Luo Feng and the four… Bolan, Yi Feng, Kandita and himself!

“That Death god Bolan?” Luo Feng’s expression changed, “He actually made it through the 6th tower!”

From the points he could deduce.

“Ranks 2 to 6, were all eliminated in the 1st level of the 6th tower!

Every tower had 7 levels and every level had the same number of points. Hence, even though the difficulty of each level increased, however the increase itself wasn’t that huge! The great jump was… when one moved to a new tower! Just like the 1st level of the 6th tower, the points was 10 times that of the 7th level of the 5th tower!

With so many more points, the difficulty too rose greatly!

Hence…

From ranks 2 to 6, they all made it to the 6th tower. If they were able to make it past the 1st level, it meant they had more hope of making it through level 2 and 3.

“Who knows whether he’ll be able to make it through the 1st level of the 7th tower!” Luo Feng thought, “If he’s able to do even that, then that’s just too terrifying.”

……

In an instant, the over million geniuses in the plaza, along with the 1,008 undying’s and even other undying’s were watching the broadcast. Undying’s had the privilege to watch the broadcast.

“He’s made it to level 7 of the 6th tower, and it still seems easy for him.”

“However, with every tower, the difficulty greatly rises! The 1st level of the 7th tower, compared to the 7th level of the 6th tower is much harder by a few times.”

“Who knows if he’ll be able to make it through.”

Countless people were staring and watching.

Passing the 6 towers before brought his score to 7.7 billion. And right now the 7th tower, just the 1st level alone gave 10 billion! The high points…represented the difficulty too.

“Too scary.”

“The blood hairy mammoth from the 7th tower is actually so strong! 10,000 of them, I think every one of them has the power of the top 100.” The spectating geniuses were all shocked. The difficulty of the 7th tower was an extreme leap. The 10,000 blood hair mammoths from the 1st level…all their attacks were infused with origin laws and were extremely powerful.

“He’s injured! Bolan is injured!”

Death God Bolan was injured for the 1st time!”

Explosion!

Continuously passing the 6 towers, the relaxed Death god Bolan finally unleashed his true terrifying strength!

Even the Virtual Universe Company and the other four great leviathan’s many powerful people who could shake the entire universe were all watching this battle. After all, the 7th tower’s difficulty was set so that a star level had absolutely no chance of passing. They could only watch how this Death god Bolan was going to perform now.


Chapter 429: The Beauty of Life

In the 1st tower, the ferocious beast blood hairy mammoth was completely easy to defeat, as it was very weak.

However with the 2nd and 3rd tower…

The blood hairy mammoth got stronger with each new tower. The moment it reached the 7th tower, the 10,000 mammoths, any one of them was enough to kill 99.99% of the 1 million geniuses in this competition! When 10,000 of them surround and attack…that was simply a nightmare.

“My god, they are all images!”

“This Death god Bolan has unleashed it all.”

On the screen.

The mad mammoths covered the entire area. It attacked, while stomping at the same time and in an instant, surrounded the blurred images of the white robed youth’s silhouette which looked incredibly realistic. Within a set space, a green energy was being emitted the green energy flow alone had over a thousand white robed youths, almost like the Death god Bolan’s absolute domain. It seemed like he could attack from anyone of them at any given time.

The light of his blade was ice cold!

Every slash was almost as though the space was sliced open!

He was ss quick as lightning!

Every slash was so fast that the geniuses there could barely see it clearly!

He was as swift as the wind!

Every blade was so unpredictable in nature, it was almost as though there was no rule to it!

“Chi! Chi! Chi!”

Every blade slashed at the heads of the blood hairy mammoths, as fresh blood spewed all over. The mammoths who were comparable to the top 100 geniuses were slowly getting killed, while the others grew even crazier and rushed to surround and attack him. The thick iron hoofs were stomping at the Death god Bolan.

Precision! Incomparable precision!

The mammoths slowly fell and died one by one. This was the Death god Bolan’s blade, the moment it showed itself, it meant certain death!

“Pu Chi!” One of the mammoth’s tusk pierced through the Death god Bolan’s arm, fresh blood flew out, simultaneously all the images vanished.

“Hmph!”

The cold white robed youth’s eyes flashed, the blood blade immediately pierced the head of the mammoth before him.

“Rumble…” The other mammoths rushed and stomped over to attack him. After about three continuous heavy attacks, the white robed youth was finally knocked into the herd of large mammoths and was trampled upon till he died!

10,000 blood hairy mammoths, Death god Bolan killed 5,612 of them!

Just from the 1st level of the 7th tower alone he had acquired 56.12 billion points, making his total exceed 10 billion.

However!

He still failed at the 1st level of the 7th tower!

……

“Hu!”

Over a million geniuses gathered within the center of the plaza let out a sigh of relief. The Death god Bolan’s battle had completely made them hold their breaths. His blade was extremely quick, unpredictable and fierce! Also complemented by his unbelievable movement, it made them all envy him.

“He failed.”

“What a pity!”

“The 7th tower is too difficult. If it wasn’t Death god Bolan, anyone else would have been instantly trampled on by the herd of mammoths.”

“He actually managed to kill over 5,000 blood hairy mammoths! Doesn’t that mean that he alone can kill over 5,000 of the top 100 geniuses?”

Even though the Death god Bolan had failed, it had made the geniuses that managed to make it to the top 100 all shocked. The genius siblings from the Ao Gu Si planet, along with the Manka prince, even the dream shell lady and the wild youth Rong Jun… these people all stared at the screen.

“Too strong.” Savage Rong Jun gripped his fists tight, staring at the screen, “Doesn’t matter which side, he far exceeds me. If I fight against him…just one move, I won’t be able to receive even one move!”

“Big brother, no wonder teacher said we have no chance at all in defeating him. He is too strong.” The green curly haired gentle girl with an engraving on her forehead said softly. The green haired youth beside her nodded, “Right, Qian Shui, I feel that even I won’t be able to block him, not even just one move from him.”

……

The Death god Bolan’s strength made the others look on in envy!

The people who ranked overall between 2 to 6 had all died at the 6th tower level 1. The ones ranked between 7 to 11 all died at the 7th level of the 5th tower. The ones between 12 to 21 died at the 6th level of the 5th tower…

And the number 1, actually reached the 1st level of tower 7!

From these results alone, rank 2 and others weren’t too far off from each other.

Except for the one ranked number 1!

He had completely cast everyone far behind him, the distance was too huge!

Death god Bolan was kicked out of the training space. The only ones remaining were the three people…Blood tip Kandita, Blade of life Yi Feng and Madman Luo Feng!

……

5th level of the 5th tower.

Standing on the whirlwind tape, his face with two purple streaks, a bald strong looking Kandita squinted his eyes, looking at the scene before him unfolding. It was a huge automaton testing base. Its surface was completely made of an alloy, at the same time on its alloy surface there were 100 8m tall, completely silver humanoid automaton puppets.

Automaton puppets, these were soldiers created by the automaton race.

Every one of the automaton race were all living AIs. All of them could be considered control terminals. Anyone of them can form an automaton empire! And the automaton puppets were one of the soldier weapons the empire had created.

“Weng!”

The 100 tall automaton puppets began to move. Their eyes were shooting out red light which immediately locked onto the human… Kandita.

“Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!”

The automaton puppets immediately became beams of light, running until they began to fly, swiftly heading towards Kandita.

“Their speeds are obviously much faster than the puppets of the 4th tower!” Kandita stood on the whirlwind tape, becoming an arc and dodging the puppets’ frontal attack. The best way to win against the puppets was to kill them one by one, matching force with force was simply crazy.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Formless railgun beams shot out from the automaton puppets’ arms. The rail guns were separated into many categories, the highest of the lot could reach light speed. However railguns were extremely expensive. Even the automaton empire of the automaton race could only install such light speed weaponry on the most important of devices.

And these automaton puppets shot from far, their speeds were far below light speed.

“I hate these long distance attacks the most!” Kandita grit his teeth.

As time passed, the battle grew more tragic and Kandita got injured. The automaton puppets were slowly getting their heads destroyed along with their chips inside being destroyed.

Rumble!

The automaton puppet’s iron fist slammed hard, but Kandita managed to dodge barely, causing it to hit the ground. The alloy ground immediately had a huge dent, creating a huge crevice.

Iron fists! Leg knives! Railguns! Flame! Body slams!

These huge automaton lumps were insusceptible to spirit attacks. One could only destroy them through forcefully breaking their chips!

“Peng!”

The heavily injured Kandita who was facing against iron fists aimed at him finally failed to dodge. One fist directly slammed him into the alloy ground, he instantly became a pile of meat.

Kandita, 5th tower, 5th level, failure!

Final ranking 28!

……

Similarly on the 5th level of the 5th tower!

“Big bastards, big bastards, come, come!” A handsome purple haired youth was almost like a monster. Like a gust of wind, floating above the heads of the large automaton puppets, the reaction and movement speeds of this 5th tower automaton puppets, along with their attack strengths were all set to be very high.

To actually dare to weave through amidst these puppets, that was simply madness.

He was the Blade of life, Yi Feng.

This shy youth’s eyes were very pure. They had a sort of glee, almost as though dancing in the face of death didn’t bring any nervousness at all to him.

“Pu Chi! Pu Chi!”

Blades infused with endless amount of life energy lit up. Be it harming the joints and parts of the puppets, or directly piercing through them and damaging or killing them, he smiled happily as he unleashed every move, and every move was simply dazzling.

He, Yi Feng was born in the Ancient Wheel universe country imperial family. The imperial family had been around for trillions of years. The imperial family title alone didn’t give him much though, if he wanted to get wealth or position, he had to rely on himself. However, since he was young, he had some problems mentally. The lower half of his body didn’t respond to him at all, only the upper half was normal.

Although there were advanced technologies, which were able to change bloodlines or a body’s internal organs etc.

However!

The brain is the core where the soul resides. Hence the brain was something that couldn’t be changed, changing it would mean it would become a totally different person. As for repossession, he didn’t have the power to do so, and no one could help him.

Ever since he was young, he sat in a wheelchair and watched the other young children of the imperial family train. He couldn’t hold it in any longer, he thought that acquiring the most basic training methods of the imperial family, and according to other sayings… maybe through the training, his body would naturally improve, and cure itself.

He trained hard., Since he couldn’t use the lower half of his body, he used his two hands instead.

Swinging the blades over and over!

The blades gave him hope, and was his understanding of life! His blade skills continued to improve, to the point where it was unbelievable. Eventually, l it gained recognition from the imperial family, and he was finally passed to an undying who personally helped him, allowing him to be able to stand finally and control the lower half of his body.

He was able to stand up!

Being disabled for tens of years, this gave him an incomparable enjoyment of flying. Everytime he flew, he used his movement, dancing with the blades, he would laugh, happily…

His blade work allowed him to enter the wood origin laws!

Movement, allowed him to enter the wind origin laws!

Stepping through the gateway of two origin laws allowed his position to rise greatly within the imperial family. Even though his position got higher, he was still that same shy youth from before. In his heart he had a burning passion for life, he was in love with the ‘wind’ he produced when he flew …

……

The blade of life Yi Feng, destroyed 100 automaton puppets and successfully made it thought the 5th level of the 5th tower, and later moving on to the 6th. However the 6th level was filled with 10 space beasts Cang. The Cang’s nimbleness was much higher than the puppets from before, and these were all Cangs that had stepped through the gateway of origin laws.

Yi Feng killed three Cangs before ultimately failing!

This shy youth, made it to the 6th level of the 5th tower! And eventually ranked 16!

……

At this time!

With Blood tip Kandita and blade of life Yi Feng being kicked out of the training space, the only one still within was…one person, Madman Luo Feng!


Chapter 430: Explosion

At the 6th level of the 5th tower.

It was a boundless wasteland. On it were 10 enormous dark golden beasts, some either lying down or others walking about surveying the area…the space beast Cang.

“The targets of the 6th level, space beast…Cang!” Luo Feng looked at the 10 space beasts.

From his inherited memories he had already known the exact details of Cang.

Accurately speaking,

Cang and the golden horned beast had a special relationship.

Among the golden type space beasts, ranked top was naturally the one who stood at the peak of the 12, the golden horned beast. And ranked number 2 was Cang! Even though it was a simple difference of one rank, in truth the difference in their battle abilities was huge.

The golden horned beast, once it reached maturity, it automatically became sector lord level.

Cang at its peak, however only reached the domain lord level!

Even though it was one of the stronger space beasts, it still couldn’t compare to the 12 leading bloodlines of the space beasts. However Cang had powerful natural talents, as one favoured by the gold origin laws, they had fierce and powerful attacks. They could naturally fly, even without any wings.

None of the space beasts couldn’t fly.

In terms of battle ability…their average level was stronger than even the most elite of human bloodlines!

These 10 space beasts Cang, their body length alone ware 300m. The tail was almost as long as the body. Its entire body was covered in dark gold scales and its back had sharp protrusions. Its head was extremely large, just the size of its bloody mouth sent chills down one’s spine, its teeth and biting strength were also incomparably shocking. The top of its head was shiny and covered in scales, and its corneas were triangular, filled with cold bloodlust.

“Howl!”

The 10 space beasts Cang all turned to look at the tiny human Luo Feng.

“Interesting.” Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with an even more chilling killing intent!

When Cang meets a golden horned beast? What would happen?

Right now…

Cang had met with a human form golden horned beast Luo Feng.

“Rumble!” Luo Feng stepped on the dark cloud shuttle and became a beam of faintly discernable light. Immediately the 10 space beasts became beams of lights and chased him. However after 5 years of training, Luo Feng’s speed on the dark cloud shuttle was much faster than even Rong Jun during his battle before.

And much more nimble!

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

In mid air, 8 Luo Feng’s appeared! The 10 space beasts Cang all blinked for a second. Almost as though they were confused as to which to chase, immediately spreading out and aiming at one individually.

“What arrogant punks.” Luo Feng curved and simultaneously 5 golden lights floated around him. It was the 5 golden blades, and they immediately shot towards the head of the Cang that was closest to him. That Cang’s reaction was extremely quick, using his powerful claws to slash at it.

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi!

5 golden blades, 2 of which clashed with the claws, the 3rd too was knocked away by its tail.

“Chi!”

The 4th blade however pierced right through its throat, and right through its brain portion, killing it! Different from the golden horned beast, as a middle level space beast, Cang had no internal world. Hence it didn’t have an internal core, its life and soul was similar to that of a large portion of the flesh and blood life forms.

Before reaching the domain lord level, the soul was in the brain.

“Howl! Howl!”…

After losing one Cang, the incredibly intelligent 9 other Cangs understood that this opponent wasn’t easy to deal with. Hence, they immediately stuck to each other and did not separate.

“It’s no use, you’ll just waste time.” Luo Feng was very clear. Even though the space beasts were very powerful and quick, with terrifying natural talents and strength, a same level human had no ability to match force with force against them. However, their one weakness was that their sizes were too immense!

With a bigger physique, it created a dilemma against a human who was much smaller. Hence Luo Feng trained hard in Absolute space and Deities of the World techniques. Deities of the world allowed him to shrink and condense his size, the Absolute space increased the nimbleness, instantaneous explosion and raising his movement effect.

……

To be able to create 8 images, plus being extremely familiar with the habits and weaknesses of Cang, even though Luo Feng took up to 10 days to finish this battle, in truth the battle was still simple and clean. The main thing was that last Cang, Luo Feng purposely waited till the last half hour to actually go and kill it.

……

5th tower, level 7.

The space was a blur, Luo Feng entered the 7th level.

“The 7th level is much more troublesome than the 6th.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, as a spirit reader controller against numbers and surrounding attacks, he had an advantage over the fighters. However that’s because he had higher speeds to dodge and using movement and space to create an advantageous position. However when the opponent’s numbers are too crazy, anyone would be caught in a dilemma!

This was an endless desert.

In the distant green patch in the desert, there was a bumpy round ball with a diameter of 120m, its surface emitted poisonous liquid, while poisonous gas surrounded it.

120m was akin to the 40 floor building. This 40 floor building mother nest’s surface with bumpy holes, all began to produce green mucus triangular brain like bugs with outer shells, all with 2 horns. Their huge compound eyes all focused, their 2 hind legs supported their bodies, with 4 other legs in front, their bodies were like blades, and on their backs they even had 2 translucent wings.

Within the 40 storey tall huge mother nest, every hole itself was at least 1m in diameter. Almost in an instant, the surface of the mother nest had produced 1,000 bugs!

Hu! Hu! Hu!

After three Continuous rounds, it produced about 3,000 bugs altogether and all of them were the same green praying mantis.

The green praying mantis was a very common cannon fodder seen in the bug clan warriors. Even though they were called cannon fodder, these were still cannon fodder that battled outside the starfields. Luckily the entire power of the bug clan mother nest had been pre-arranged, otherwise a true mother nest could produce many different species of bugs. From their abilities, they could be split into the scanning types, assassin types, long distance, attacking force etc.

If they were split according to their structure, that would be even more.

“3,000 green praying mantis.” Luo Feng looked at the mantis that flew or marched over, as they covered both the land and skies. Creasing his eyebrows, “The mother nest sent everything it could at one go, the next batch should be 20 minutes later.”

The mother nest required time to produce the bugs.

These 3,000 were prepared long ago. Of course in reality the mother nest’s ability wasn’t that weak. Otherwise how could it easily dominate a galaxy or entire starfield.

“Kill!”

Luo Feng’s gaze was cold, immediately producing 8 images. Maintaining his highest speed, he began his massacre. He immediately released his limit of 9 blades, these 9 rainbows were like lasers, piercing through each and every bug, as they killed the green praying mantises.

“A bit stronger than what I expected.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

He could at will control the 5 blades. However, if he pushed it, he could control up to 9 blades. But that way, nimbleness, direction and precision were all affected slightly. Because right now there were 3,000 bugs, Luo Feng decided to do so, killing as many as he can by striking their heads.

However…

“Ke chi ke chi!” The body of one of the bugs was sliced in half. However it bit and swallowed the corpse of a dead bug beside, and it began to recover and completely heal itself.

“This is the most annoying part of the bug clan.”

8 images immediately appeared throughout. The 9 blades danced about and pierced through time and again, working hard to pierce the heads of the bugs. However, as bugs of the 5th tower, their nimbleness and reactions were obviously higher. And they covered the land and skies and engulfed everything. Their speed was also much higher. Luo Feng couldn’t dodge too far, he needed to stay close to fully control the Nan Shen Armament and attack.

Hence he couldn’t avoid getting hurt occasionally.

20 minutes later.

There were still 682 bugs surviving, Luo Feng’s face went pale, there was an injury on his face. “The 2nd batch is coming!” That huge mother nest’s surface once again produced red shelled bugs, a total of 100 of them.

“Not good.” Luo Feng’s expression changed, “Blood praying Mantis! And 100 of them!”

The first time, the mother nest actually released everything, 3,000 green praying mantis.

And every 20 minutes it could produce another 1,000 green praying mantis, however it did not necessarily produce green mantises, it could produce even more terrifying bugs, however in smaller numbers.

With Luo Feng fighting hard and killing over 2,000 of the green mantises, with only 682 left, if the 2nd batch was another 1,000 green mantises….he may get heavily injured, but he could still win.

However this time, it was the blood mantises. These were much more intrepid and stronger than the green ones. In the 1st tower to the 4th, Luo Feng had never met the blood mantises at all.

“This is big trouble.” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

Weng weng weng…

The surviving 682 green mantises immediately formed a 100 little groups, some with 5 or 6 green mantises and 1 blood mantis, some with 7 green mantises and 1 blood mantis! Anyway, immediately there were 100 little bug groups. Under the blood mantis leadership they began to surround Luo Feng progressively and began their hunt.

“I’m not afraid of their strength, what I hate the most is the blood mantis leadership ability.” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

According to his inherited memories, the intellect of the bug clan was much lower. However there were certain bugs that had the position of leaders within. And these blood mantis were often used to lead the little teams of green mantis. A dispersed and unorganized group of 100 green mantis, compared to 10 of them working together as one body led by a blood mantis…the latter was much more terrifying!

“Weng!”

“Weng!”

“Weng!”

The 100 little teams were like a well organized party, 70 or so teams attacked from above while the remaining 30 or so attacked from the ground or even underground, that plus the blood mantis leading and acting as the blades, Luo Feng was in big trouble.

“Kill!” Luo Feng grit his teeth, he could only fight it out!

……

5 minutes later, Luo Feng’s right arm was broken, his expression pale, his spirit energy usage was extremely high. And with 82 of the 100 teams left, 82 blood mantis were leading 353 green mantis. Luo Feng killed a lot more green mantis.

“If I’ve reached the 9 thread level, pity…” Luo Feng faced the overwhelming force of the bug clan from all directions, almost seeing the scene of him being devoured beforehand.

“Even if I die, I have to kill more!”

Luo Feng’s eyes went red.

“Bug clan, all of you go and die!!!” Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle, and his speed accelerating even more. Against the 82 little teams, he clashed and killed 1 green mantis at a time, and occasionally killing a blood mantis with great difficulty. Luo Feng fought until there was only 76 teams left, while his entire being had gone insane.

“Hm?”

Even under such strenuous situation, his whole being felt ice cold, this was the quality of the golden horned beast.

Luo Feng felt a familiar ripple of space movement, gradually feeling slightly different.

“It’s this way!”

“Just like this!!!” Luo Feng could even feel the square domain formed within the space, almost as though it was a 9 palace grid. Immediately Luo Feng’s speed increased obviously a little, at the same time in his surroundings 9 images formed!

10,000 thread 2nd level…9 threads!

Even though his speed had only increased a little, and there was only one more image than before.

However in truth, it was a change from the foundation itself!

Secret technique, what was a secret technique?

The secret technique was a way to unleash the strength after understanding the origin laws, reaching a more effective way of usage!

If one comprehended the space origin law, producing 3 images, 4 images…8 images, 9 images…he would feel the limit of his strength increase! Even though the difference between 8 images and 9 images wasn’t too big. However, after training the 10,000 threads technique, this was completely different!

Each thread represented a special battle technique.

Nine threads however represented another special technique. If one reached 9 images, only then could he use the 9 threads. 8 images wasn’t sufficient.

……

And Luo Feng’s Moshan clan clone trained for a long time. In truth, the Mosha clan could produce over a 100 images much earlier, considering it was favoured by space itself, it could naturally unleash it easily. And while Luo Feng was in the virtual universe, his body had been stuck at the limit of 8 images.

In times of crisis!

Madness!

Luo Feng could finally feel that special feeling, similar to the Mosha clan using the 9 threads feeling. Because it was a familiar feeling, Luo Feng swiftly grabbed onto it.

“Nine threads, haha, 9 threads! I’ve finally made it!” Luo Feng was extremely happy within. It was too difficult, it took so long for him to finally reach the 2nd level 9 threads.

Rumble!

Following that familiar feeling of space, he swiftly moved the dark cloud shuttle and immediately became a string of images, every one of them dispersed, following the layout of the 9 palace grid, the efficiency of the 9 thread was at least 10 times higher than the 8 images before.

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi!

His movement was incredibly unpredictable, the golden blades too became nothing but blurs, with extremely high power, at times the blades even pierced through a few blood mantis and green mantis at the same time.

At this time!

After killing almost all the bug clan, he slashed open the mother nest with lightning speed, immediately heavily injuring the queen. Following which he rested for half a day to let his body recover and regenerate, before directly killing the queen!

He didn’t have to wait anymore!

No longer waiting for 10 days, since the 9 threads had already been achieved, what was the point of waiting 10 days?

From the beginning of the losers circle duels till now, it had been over 5 years. 5 years of seclusion, 5 years of hard training, he had finally stepped onto a new platform. The 9 threads was a lot more terrifying than the 1 thread, his strength too naturally rose to a new plateau.

“To the next tower!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

……

5 years of seclusion, the moment he exploded, it rocked the skies itself!

……

The plaza.

Over a million geniuses along with the undyings all watched that one remaining screen. The only remaining participant Luo Feng suddenly unleashed his strength and produced 9 images destroying all the bug clan in a sweep, the scene had made all the geniuses go totally silent.

“9 threads, he actually reached the realm of 9 threads.” The scale armored giant 13 watched the screen, his eyes giving off a heart palpitating gleam.


Chapter 431: Bypass

“9 threads?”

“13, your Ganwu universe country hasn’t had any punks make it into the top 20 for over a 100 competitions, who’d knew there’d be two of them this time!”

“Haha, Mo So is right! There are 1,008 universe countries here, and you’ve taken up 2 slots.” Around him, the undyings all laughed and made fun of the scaled armor giant. Even though Luo Feng’s performance was extremely shocking, to these pinnacle of strength undyings in their own universe countries, he was still nothing but a punk.

“Didn’t the Ao Gu Si planet siblings both make it to the top 20 too?” The scale armored giant revealed a smile on his face.

“Haha, you punk, you actually know how to laugh.”

“It’s very rare.”

“I’ve met him three times during this 100 eras, this is the first time I’ve seen him smile.”

“He’s proud. So, of course he’ll smile.”

The surrounding undyings were all chatting and laughing. There were a total of 1,008 undyings here, and the scale armored giant was naturally sitting with those he was on better terms with! These powerful undyings, some were friends, some enemies, some with distant or close relationships, naturally they formed their own cliques and chatted.

“Haha, what do you all think of this Luo Feng from my Ganwu universe country?” The scale armored giant looked at the surrounding undying.

“Reaching the space flying technique 10,000 threads to the 2nd level, and the Nan Shen Armament, capable of brandishing 9 blades.” one dark green long hair man with a huge nose, his gaze seemingly endless like the ocean, calculated, “His basics are very solid, his temperament is steady and calm, and his potential is very huge! His current strength can rank in the top 10!”

“He can indeed make it to the top 10.”

“Within the training space, he can definitely make it to the top 5. Even if it’s the true arena duels, he should be able to make the top 10.” The other undyings nodded.

Training, didn’t exactly reflect a person’s true strength.

Because…

This training compared to the 1v1 duel was extremely different. A spirit reader controller on a spirit weapon could distance himself and attack from far. A fighter however had to kill until he is within range and attack…also, with the automaton puppets and metal life forms and other beings that weren’t susceptible to spirit attacks, it made it hard for some to unleash their full strength.

Just like before, the absolute genius regarded as being able to make the top 20…the Hypnotist from the Holwing god clan, Jia Lai Xi.

That hypnotist Jia Lai Xi, during his own universe country’s selection, he only had to look at his opponents and defeat them, it had been relaxed all this while. However during the training space, against the automaton dolls etc, his hypnotism had no effect at all, and all spirit attacks were useless.

Hence…

Hynotist Jia Lai Xi only ranked 189 in the training space round. Does this mean he was weak?

In the plaza, over a million geniuses looked up at the screen of which Luo Feng was making his way into the 1st level of the 6th tower.

“Your majesty, this Luo Feng is very strong.” An iron like man who was like a steel cast said softly. Beside him was the silver armored black haired youth, the Manka prince had ranked 18 in this round. His eyes gleamed as they stared hard at Luo Feng on the screen, saying, “Hm, I admit, I made the wrong conclusion before.”

From earlier, the Manka prince had even said, “From the looks of it, he can’t take it anymore. He won’t be able to make it past the 7th level of the 5th tower. I estimate his final rank will be around 9 or 10. Even though he’s higher than me, however the training space is different from a 1v1 match. In a 1v1 match, he definitely isn’t my match. I have confidence I can defeat him!”

He was still filled with confidence before.

However now…

“What a strong opponent.” The Manka youth’s eyes gleamed like crystals, completely locked on Luo Feng, “He’s training the 10,000 threads. He’s already reached the level of 9 threads…hm, a strong opponent indeed. If I want to enter the Primal secret area…this Luo Feng will be a huge barrier, I will definitely defeat him!” Following which he clenched his fists tight, sparks of lightning flashed.

……

“Luo Feng!” With messy hair, barefeet, the wild youth Savage Rong Jun stared hard at the screen, saying softly, “He’s already become so terrifying. However, no one can stop me, I will definitely become the strongest, I definitely will!”

……

Covered in a black robe, a youth amongst the other geniuses stared all at the screen, saying softly, “Luo Feng? Enjoy the spotlight, just watch, very quickly, I will let you all know…that training space, is just a camel beast’s shit! I will defeat all of you! Including that Death god Bolan…”

……

The elite and most outstanding of geniuses were gathered here. All of them didn’t submit easily, all of them had absolute confidence and pride! However, almost all that had made Luo Feng their opponent weren’t easy to mess with.

……

“He can’t continue anymore.”

“He’s about to fall.”

“Even though he’s strong, however the 6th tower’s difficulty is much higher by a few times compared to the 5th. Oh, he’s injured.”

“It’s going to end soon.”

The geniuses all started discussing.

During the 1st level of the 6th tower, the battle was already at its craziest point.

“Go and die all of you!” Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with shocking killing intent. His body was filled with blood stains, there was even a hole in his waist. He stood on the dark cloud shuttle , his movement unpredictable, producing 9 images. These 9 images weren’t continuous, but they formed a circle, and within those 9 images, that was almost like Luo Feng’s absolute domain.

His movement were unpredictable!

He was extremely nimble!

“Rumble…” The blood hairy mammoths engulfed the land and skies and stomped over. Their huge bodies clashing all about. These large amounts of the mammoths had their own domain. With countless domains spread out, it caused the entire battlefield to become their domain, Luo feng couldn’t dodge at all.

“No wonder the Death god Bolan didn’t even make it past the 7th tower’s 1st level.” Luo Feng thought.” The difficulty jump is too much, so much higher than the 5th tower’s level 7.”

Right.

In the 7th level of the 6th tower, Death god Bolan was still very relaxed. He didn’t even seem to use much energy. However the moment he entered the 7th tower level 1, even after unleashing all his strength he still failed. And Luo Feng could feel right now where the problem was…even though his strength had increased a lot after comprehending the 9 threads.

However the 1st level of the 6th tower was simply too difficult.

“Peng!” A blood hairy mammoth’s tail hit Luo Feng’s body, causing his movement to be disrupted. The already mentally tired Luo Feng fought hard to dodge but got hit by the iron hooves around.

Following which, it all became black and he lost consciousness.

……

Genius battle, the final participant Luo Feng killed 6,892 blood hair mammoths. This was comparable to the previous ranked 2 to 6, stopping at the 1st level of the 6th tower.

Final rank, 3!

Luo Feng felt the space before him turn, and after which he appeared in the plaza. The geniuses of the human race from the different universe countries all looked over.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s gaze swept past them, swiftly determining the location of the Ganwu universe team and heading over.

“That’s Luo Feng.”

“Final rank 3, I have never heard of him before, yet he’s that strong.”

“Within this training space process, suddenly a lot of people popped out of nowhere. However this Luo Feng, he belongs to the strongest of those that appeared”

Hearing the various discussions about, Luo Feng walked back to the Ganwu universe team.

“Madman, you really gave me a shock, you are truly vicious!” The green haired youth Windmill shouted.

“Luo Feng, congrats.”

“Congratulations.”

The other youths that Luo Feng wasn’t exactly very close too all smiled and congratulated him. Afterall, 99% of these people knew they had no hope of making it into the top 1,000.

“Luo Feng, Rong Jun, follow me.” That thick voice resounded within Luo Feng and Ron Jun’s ears suddenly.

“Hm?” Luo Feng and Rong Jun turned to look at an area within the plaza. The 1,008 undyings had already stood up, and flew towards their own teams, of which the scale armored giant immediately reached the Ganwu universe team and shouted, “All of you head back to the living quarters.”

Rumble…

1,008 teams of geniuses, under the leadership of the undyings returned to their quarters.

Skyscraper 0825, level 1.

The 1,000 geniuses of the Ganwu universe country all stood there. Under the pressure of the scale armored giant, all of them were extremely respectful and silent.

“This time, our Ganwu universe country’s team’s performance is very good!” The scale armored giant’s voice resounded within the entire level 1 hall. It was rare for him to actually praise them, “Except for Luo Feng and Rong Jun making it into the top 100 and gaining direct entry into the core of the Virtual Universe Company, there are 3 others who made it into the top 7,300 and gained the right to contest for the final 900 slots.”

“And other than these 5, everyone else…”

“Your pinnacle genius competition ends here.” The scale armored giant said.

Causing the geniuses from the Ganwu universe country to get slightly depressed. Even after fighting for so long, right now they were simply eliminated.

“You all, can return to reality now and leave here. You can also wait a while and the Virtual Universe Company organizing team will send you automatically back to your universe country continents.” The scale armored giant said, “Luo Feng, Rong Jun, you 5, follow me!” Following which he took long strides towards a walkway.

Luo Feng, Rong Jun and the other 3 followed.

The atmosphere within the large hall was depressing.

“It has ended.”

“Our journey has ended.”

“Haha, everyone, even though we’ve failed, we’ve still been offered to enter the Ganwu secret area, that’s not bad too.”

“Right!”

“Even though I’m weaker now, I don’t believe that I will still be weaker in the future! We are only star level now…the training process has just begun. There is still the universe level, domain lord and sector lord level, our journey is still far and long!”

“Spoken well!”

“Even if you enter the core of the Virtual Universe Company, it’s still extremely hard to become undying! And our Ganwu secret area too can produce eternal undyings!”

“Right!”

“Let’s go, We’ll go drink.”

These young ladies and gentlemen, all had the right to enter the Ganwu secret area. Except for a few that returned straight to reality, a large portion of them left towards the restaurant in the plaza.

……

At this time, the 1,000 geniuses of the Ganwu universe country split into two paths.

Many of them entered the Ganwu secret area.

A few entered the core of the Virtual Universe Company.

How the future unfolds…no one knew.


Chapter 432: Milky Way Leader

The geniuses were still considered calm, the 1,008 universe countries however were bustling with excitement, especially the countless citizens in the over one trillion galaxies within the Ganwu universe country. That was a gathering of over a million absolute geniuses from the many universe countries, in the top 20, there were actually 2 from their own, what degree of honor was that?

“We, our black dragon mountain empire actually has a genius who made it to rank 3?”

“That’s the entire universe!”

“He’s from our black dragon mountain empire!”

My god!”

“Luo Feng is too, too strong.”

“Entire universe, that’s 1,008 universe countries!”

The black dragon mountain empire was completely stunned by this piece of news, even though the black dragon mountain star field could be considered vast and endless, compared to the 1,008 universe countries, that was simply tiny! Even the Ganwu universe country hadn’t had a genius make it into the top 20 for a very long time, much less the tiny black dragon mountain starfield?

There probably hasn’t been one in the past trillion years!

……

“Luo Feng, black dragon mountain!”

“Luo Feng, black dragon mountain!”

“Luo Feng, black dragon mountain!”

All of the black dragon mountains internal websites broadcasted this news day and night, any footage regarding Luo Feng, the passion and support for him within the black dragon mountain empire had reached an unbelievable level. Even the emperor of the empire said excitedly… “Luo Feng is from our black dragon mountain empire, he is the hero of our empire!”

This little starfield that wasn’t even worth a mention, because of Luo Feng, gained recognition from many citizens from other universe countries.

“Luo Feng is the hero of our black dragon mountain empire.” A news broadcast spread on the black dragon mountain island sites, the emperor exclaimed, “He’s from our black dragon mountain starfield milky way galaxy, I’ve decided…to officially give him his home, the milky way galaxy, from today, he is the leader of the milky way galaxy!”

The emperor decreed!

The black dragon mountain empire’s imperial family were all prepared, in truth, the emperor had already earlier on promised to give the milky way galaxy to Luo Feng. However with the public declaration…obviously it was to raise Luo Feng’s position even more.

Luo Feng, to be able to gain such a reputation within the empire, the work by the imperial family was nothing to be sneezed at.

……

“Bastard!”

Brolin sat in his study, gritting his teeth hard, breaking the cup in his hands, “It’s over, there’s no more hope, the entire upper echelon have all decided to rope in Luo Feng.”

The imperial family along with the backing Sacred land black dragon mountain, the upper echelon all decided to use all their strengths to try and rope in Luo Feng, with his home galaxy and relationship, as long as he doesn’t die…also with his rank 3 talents, he will definitely have enough power in the future even within the virtual universe company core.

Virtual universe company, one of the 5 great leviathans, even standing ahead of the other 4 themselves.

Even the 1,008 universe countries had to respect the 5 leviathans.

The moment Luo Feng grasped solid authority…during times of crisis, the black dragon mountain empire would exhaust their resources to help him. As for that 9th prince Brolin, he wasn’t even considered amongst the upper echelon of governance, how could he sway any of the decisions by the empire?

……

“It’s over.”

Nuolan Shan looked at the screen, his eyes unwilling, “With his status as a core member of the virtual universe company, the moment they discover me, killing me would be as easy as killing an ant.”

“Seclusion!”

“Seclusion!”

Nuolan Shan grit his teeth, “Unless I become stronger than him in the future, otherwise I’ll have to remain forever silent, not leaking any trace of myself at all.”

“Since it’s come to this!” Nuolan shan’s eyes gleamed coldly, “Then I will go outside the starfield to the battleground! Otherwise I’d have no chance of ever exceeding him!” Nuolan Shan was a ruthless and absolute person, to be able to survive 1,000 life or death battles in the huge axe dojo, that was also a strong decisiveness, the moment he detected danger he left his nest.

And now, he sat in a universe ship and immediately left the planet.

Earth.

“Omg, what? Luo Feng is the leader of the milky way galaxy? North America continent, Washington base in America, a group of upper echelons were shocked.

“Leader of the milky way?”

“How can that be, before, the information we gathered from the virtual universe all stated that a universe level warrior could acquire 10s of planets as territory, only a sector lord could be given a galaxy as territory? According to the information, sector lords are terrifying warriors that could destroy the earth with a flip of their hands, even stars, or the white dwarf planet was nothing in the face of a sector lord. How did Luo Feng get such a gift?”

The upper echelon of America were extremely shocked.

The 5 great countries of earth, even though they were grateful to Luo Feng, however they weren’t like the chinese, bound by blood ties, the other countries were actually a little unhappy, why did the leader of earth have to be chinese? Why couldn’t he be from America, or india?

Of course, no one dared to voice themselves, but the news now had completely stunned them.

“Attention all, please allow me to explain the meaning behind the universe genius competition.” A golden haired lady said, “Once you’ve heard it, I believe you’ll all understand Luo Feng’s current status, and what he represents! Why he can actually receive the treatment of a sector lord.”

……

“Milky way leader?”

“Haha, Luo Feng sure is powerful, Old Wang, how many life planets are in our milky way galaxy?”

“According the information from the virtual universe network, the milky way galaxy has over 210,000 life planets.”

“Haha, over 210,000 life planets? And they are suddenly all Luo Feng’s? Alright, fight for our earth, he’s also fought for the name of our chinese people. We chinese, even though we’ve been regarded as aboriginals, however from us a genius has appeared and made it to rank 3 amongst the entire universe.”

……

The 5 great countries of earth, all the leaders of the bases received the news, all dumbfounded by the milky way galaxy leader news. However the leaders didn’t tell the ordinary citizens, in truth, the majority of the people of earth still didn’t understand much about the universe, the upper echelons of earth didn’t want to allow them to connect with the universe that quickly either.

“3rd brother’s improvement are really shocking.” Sitting cross legged in a cottage, the black clothed youth Hong opened his eyes, “I can’t relax either, teacher sure has weird friends…an undying is actually willing to live on a planet without any technology.” His gaze swept through the cottage, looking at the outside world and 100s of km of sky.

In that sky were several wild men dressed in animal fur flying about.

This planet was the living quarters of an undying, the entire planet was conditioned in a very primal state, the humans of the planet all forced out their potential energies and gradually created sects. And this was the living quarters of an undying, these sects didn’t even seem to know…there was an undying of the universe living here.

“Hong, let’s go.”

The time sector lord Luo Suddenly appeared in front of the cottage, Hong immediately stood up and flew, sitting in a universe ship and leaving the planet.

The aboriginal sects of the planet didn’t even know that 2 strong warriors of the universe had just passed through.

……

“Not bad, I allow you to rest.” Lord Wu shouted.

“Not enough, still not enough. Thirdie has already made it to rank 3, my improvement is still not enough.” On Mars of the solar system, Thunder god was training according to Lord Wu’s plans, improving himself.

Luo Feng didn’t seem to know that his being ranked 3td in the entire universe had such an influence, he was with Rong Jun and the other 3, listening to the lecture from the scale armored giant.

“Tomorrow the duels to get the remaining slots, depend on your performance.”

“Understood!”

“You 3 can leave first, Luo Feng and Rong Jun stay.” The scale armored giant said, immediately the 3 other youths left the huge room respectfully, leaving behind only Luo Feng and Rong Jun.

The scale armored giant’s gaze landed on the 2 of them.

“Rank 13, rank 3.” The giant’s voice was thick and powerful, that powerful pressure caused both Luo Feng and Rong Jun to barely be able to maintain standing, “Are you both feeling proud within, thinking you are very strong?”

“No!” Savage Rong Jun said.

“The training space doesn’t prove anything.” Luo Feng said too.

“Hmph.”

The scale armored giant roared slightly, “It’s good you too still manage to keep calm and collected, not letting this small honor and glory get to your heads. Right! Luo Feng what you said was right! The training space doesn’t prove anything…let me tell you, the top 10 of the training space, consist of 2 fighters and 8 spirit reader controllers!”

Luo Feng’s expression slightly changed, there were actually 8 controllers in the top 10…

“Understand?”

“This training space, has a big advantage to spirit reader controllers! Next to fighters! To hynoptists, it’s the worst.” The giant said, “That howling god clan genius Jia Lai Xi, many of us undyings have regarded him as being of the top 10, however his rank is only 189! In the training space, to be able to make it to the top 20, naturally they are all strong.”

“However some of them in the 30-50 ranks, are not necessarily weak. Especially spirit reader hypnotists, they are all ranked above the 100s, in battle however it’s a completely different story.” The giant emphasized, “Hence you 2 must never get careless, otherwise, you’ll be stepped on by others.”

Luo Feng and Rong Jun listened obediently.

“Of course, the training space does reflect some level of strength.”

“From the many undyings here, watching the broadcast and concluding…Luo Feng, amongst our conclusions, you rank among the top 10.” The scale armored giant turned to look at Savage Rong Jun, “Rong Jun, you are within the top 20!”

Luo Feng and Rong Jun both remained silent.

The giant looked at the 2 and paused for awhile before saying, “Of course, in true battle, it depends on how you perform altogether, and also how you strategize and deal with your opponent. Anyone from the top 20 can make it into the top 10, the top 10 can still lose to anyone from behind. Afterall everyone’s strengths are pretty close.”

“Alright!”

“You 2 go rest, you’ve both acquired your slots, there’s nothing for you tomorrow. Get ready for the final slaughter.”

“Even though there are a 1,000 able to enter the core, the treatment within has big differences, the core itself has its lower and higher levels, just like that death god Bolan, he’ll definitely be able to enter the primal secret area, as for you 2, work hard and do your best!” The scale armored giant said.


Chapter 433: 4 Great Secret Areas

Luo Feng and Savage Rong Jun both walked out of the scale armored giant’s room together.

“Luo Feng.” Rong Jun shouted.

“Hm?” Luo Feng stood there and turned around, Rong Jun’s tiger like eyes were gleaming, saying softly, “Your improvement has earned my respect, I hope to meet you in the arena and once again defeat you!”

“Defeat me?” Luo Feng’s lips curled into a smile, “I’ll be waiting!”

Rong Jun turned to leave after, Luo Feng watched his back as he left, “This Rong Jun, seemed to be in disagreement with the scale armored giant’s conclusion, he seems to have a guarantee of defeating me or something.” Luo Feng didn’t have any other feelings, only anticipation, one of which against a very powerful opponent, the stronger he was, the more it would shape and improve him!

……

That day, over a million eliminated geniuses were all teleported away, the entire skyscraper 0825 had only 6 people left…the undying leader and the 5 youths.

……

Daybreak of the 2nd day.

Including Luo feng and Rong Jun, 7300 geniuses had gathered in the center plaza, suddenly a formless energy engulfed the entire plaza, causing the 7300 human geniuses to uncontrollably submit, they all looked up and in mid air, a familiar silhouette appeared.

He, dressed in a seemingly normal but actually infused with mysterious energy green armor, he had purple scales on his head, his face carrying a smile, however no one dared to actually match his gaze as he looked about.

“Sir Knight!”

The 1,008 undyings all said in unison and bowed respectfully.

This caused the 7,300 geniuses to be shocked.

“The training space stage has ended, first I’d like to congratulate the ranks 1 to 100 participants, you’ve all gained the right to enter the core of the virtual universe company! Right now, anyone who’s unwilling can speak out, our virtual universe company will never force anyone.” The green armored purple scaled man’s voice was light, resounding in their ears and minds.

Silence!

No one made a sound.

“Good.” The man nodded satisfied, “Ranks 101-7,300, these 7,200 geniuses, according to your training space performance, the virtual universe company has already automatically arranged your arena duels. Continuous 3 victories will earn you a slot, any losers will be eliminated.”

7200 people, in 1v1 battles, eliminating half every battle, with 3 consecutive victories, only 900 would remain.

The moment the words left his mouth, a large portion of the geniuses below were suspicious.

“Consecutive 3 victories to get a slot? If 2 strong warriors met, wouldn’t that eliminated 1?” Luo Feng thought, the same situation had happened in the Ganwu universe country selection, he and Rong Jung had met.” Luo Feng thought…this was probably what many of the geniuses were thinking.

“The virtual universe company’s system arrangement is definitely the best, no need to worry!” The green armored purple scaled man said, “Right now, 7200 participants, will begin their arena duels!”

Rumble…

The plaza slight shook, the 7200 geniuses participating were suddenly teleported away, with only the 100 remaining.

……

Luo Feng looked around, with only 100 youths left, the plaza seemed empty. Within, the white robed blood blade death God Bolan, the Manka prince filled with battle spirit, the genius siblings from the Ao Gu Si planet, almost like a meat mountain at 6m tall strong looking man with a blood axe on his back, the dream shell youth, a huge youth with a face full of fur like a bear, the seductive Black Thread young lady with 4 arms, the shy and bashful youth…

100 people!

They were all the top 100 in the training space stage, absolute geniuses set to enter the core of the virtual universe company.

These 100 all took note of the people around them, understanding that they would all become competitors.

“There are seats there, you can all go watch the broadcast.” The green armored purple scaled man pointed in the distance, immediately 100 large chairs and several tables appeared in the corner of the plaza, on the tables were drinks and food, and the green armored man himself sat with the 1,008 undyings at another spot.

Death god Bolan, Luo Feng and the remaining 100 all sat, and Luo Feng and Rong Jun sat close together, no matter what, they were from the same universe country, naturally they felt closer, what’s more the 2 felt good about each other.

“Look, 3,600 screens.”

“It’s about to begin.”

“Howling god clan hypnotist Jia Lai Xi, on that screen.” Some absolute geniuses who were well informed spoke, indeed 3,600 large screens appeared in the center of the plaza, every one displaying a different battle that was about to begin.

Very quickly!

On the 3,600 screens, the battles began almost simultaneously! The battle for the remaining 900 slots had begun!

The victors progressed while the losers were eliminated, everything was very cruel!

……

A youth knelt on the floor of the screen, with a hole on his forehead, his gaze dazzled, his lips moving, one could make out what he said, “I can’t accept this.”

Absolute geniuses falling one by one!

5 minutes had yet to pass, and 3600 had already been eliminated.

They couldn’t accept this!

Naturally the eliminated people were unhappy, they had already reached this level, just a little more…being in the universe country compared to the core of the virtual universe company were 2 completely different things! The 5 great leviathans…were the true pinnacles of the humans of the universe, these absolute geniuses all considered themselves powerful, only the pinnacle of the universe was worthy of themselves.

If they wanted to enter, they’d want to enter the best!

……

After half an hour, the 2nd round began.

3,600 geniuses, once again half fell, the remaining half proceeded.

……

Another half an hour later, after resting and preparing, the 3rd round began.

These 1,800 absolute geniuses all wished with great anticipation, they were only 1 step away from victory…however there was only 1 out of 2 on every arena duel that could enter the virtual universe core, the other half were all eliminated.

……

Luo Feng and Rong Jun focused on tens of screens at a time, to these absolute geniuses with powerful willpower and consciousness, multi tasking was very easy, and the present 100 geniuses were all watching many screens at a time, however they all focused on 1 together.

The howling god clan hypnotist Jia Lai Xi’s broadcast.

“He won.”

“He still won the same way.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, Jia Lai Xi’s 3 matches, the 1st and 2nd battle he didn’t even move and just stood there, the opponent immediately crumbled. And in the 3rd match…his opponent managed to barely withstand the 1st soul attack, however he still fell after the 2nd.

3 consecutive victories! Hypnotist Jia Lai Xi, acquired one slot.

“This hypnotist is terrifying.” Savage said softly.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng stared at the screen, “Normal soul attacks are usually not too scary, however, if mixed with hypnotism, that’s terrifying, the hypnotism can make one unconsciously enter into a fantasy land, oblivious to the fact itself. This sort of terrifying hypnotism…is a fighter’s natural enemy!”

“Hm.” Savage Rong Jun nodded.

Like Luo Feng studying the soul imprint and void pagoda these 2 great techniques, his control of spirit energy had already reached an extremely high level, his defense was very strong too. He still had some confidence of defending against hypnotist Jia Lai Xi.

However the fighters, many had powerful willpowers and states, maybe against spirit attacks they could withstand it, however against hypnotism, many fighters wouldn’t receive it too well.

Hypnotist Jia Lai Xi, against automaton puppets, metal life forms, Mosha clans etc, beings without a soul, his hypnotism had no effect.

However against others with souls, his power was huge.

……

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

900 silhouettes suddenly appeared in the plaza, these 900 absolute geniuses mostly had excited expressions, right, they had passed the 3 rounds of elimination, among the 7,200, these final 900 had made it. However amongst this group of geniuses, some still had no expressions.

Just like the tall and skinny man covered in a black robe.

“No wonder the group of undyings concluded that Hypnotist Jia Lai Xi has the strength to make it to the top 10.” Luo Feng and the others of the 100 stood up, walking over to gather, his gaze fixed on the black robed tall and skinny man.

“Hm.” The black robed tall and skinny man suddenly looked over at Luo Feng.

The peculiar gaze seemed to bring with it some sort of formless suggestion, however Luo Feng’s willpower was extremely strong, not getting affected at all, his cold eyes staring back, almost as though a golden horned beast was eyeing its opponent.

The 2 regarded by the undyings as top 10 material, at this time, they couldn’t wish any more to get matched up against each other.

……

The 1,000 geniuses gathered together, many regarded as top 10, top 20, or regarded themselves as absolute geniuses, all looking at each other.

“Congratulations to you all!”

A floating dreamy voice, entered the 1,000 minds, all of them realized the green armored purple scaled man had appeared before them, “You all are this genius competitions most elite 1,000 of the human race 1,008 universe countries. Our virtual universe company will nurture you to the best of our ability, if anyone wishes to not enter the virtual universe company, you can speak now.”

Silence, no one made a sound.

“Very good.”

“However, you should understand that there will always be competition within the universe, where there’s competition, you 1,000…cannot expect to all receive the same amount of nurture and resources, even our virtual universe company doesn’t dare waste such valuable resources.” The green armored purple scaled man smiled, “I’ll announce this.”

“Of the 1,000 of you, ranks 101 to 1,000, you can receive 10 mixed elements in cash, you can enter the beginning universe to study, you can enter the core of the virtual universe company’s ‘last phase secret area’.

“Ranks 11- 100, you are awarded 100 mixed elements in cash, you can enter the beginning universe to study and enter the core of the virtual universe company’s ‘Heaven and land secret area’.

“Ranks 3-10, you are awarded 1,000 mixed elements in cash, you can enter the beginning universe to study and enter the core of the virtual universe company’s ‘Absolute beginning secret area’.

“Ranks 1 and 2, you are awarded 10,000 mixed elements in cash, you can enter the beginning universe to study and enter the core of the virtual universe company’s ‘Primal secret area’.

“Under normal circumstances, the primal secret area only accepts one genius every competition, however this batch’s level is more outstanding, hence the virtual universe company’s upper echelons have discussed and given your batch 2 slots to enter the primal secret area.”


Chapter 434: Position

Silence, the 1,000 absolute geniuses were curious, Last Phase, Heaven and land, Absolute Beginning and Primal secret areas, just what was behind these 4 places, however just from the names everyone could tell…very obviously, the Primal secret area was the best of the group.

“You 1,000, there are still the strong and the weak, the rewards naturally will be different.”

“From tomorrow the duels will begin, selecting the final victor.” The green armored purple scaled man’s voice was dreamy and distant, resounding in everyone’s minds, “The rules for the battle have already been sent to everyone of you, get a good rest today.”

Rumble!

The green armored purple scaled man immediately vanished after he finished, at this time the 1,008 undyings began their discussions.

“Primal secret area, they are absorbing 2 this time!”

“I initially thought the slot of that primal secret area will definitely belong to that Bolan punk, I never expected to have an extra slot.”

“The virtual universe company, it’s rare for them to be so generous.”

……

During the time the undyings were discussing, Luo Feng and the rest of the 1,000 all lowered their heads to look at the screens on their wrists, on it displayed the duel rules they had received.

“Hm?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows as he looked.

“The rules are as follows:

The 3 round duels that just ended, of which the 900 that made it through and received the 900 slots, they will be judged according to their performance in these 3 rounds, the virtual universe company system will choose from these the most outstanding 100, they are, Jia Lai Xi, Ka Peng Te, Lasha, Lei Shi, Wu Te Wei Si Ke…

These 100 will engage in duels with the initial 100 from the training space, a total of 200 people engaged in 1v1 battles!

The victorious 100 people have the right to enter the Heaven and land secret area. As for the other 900, they will all enter the Last Phase secret area.

Amongst the victorious 100, according to the judgement of the virtual universe system, they’ll pick out the most outstanding 20 and allow these 20 to battle 1v1…deciding the final 10.

The top 10 have the right to enter the Absolute beginning secret area.

The 1st and 2nd of the top 10 will also be chosen from there to enter the Primal secret area.

The attachment below has specific details of the battles.

“This rule…sure is dogmatic.” Luo Feng thought, “They actually let the virtual universe system pick 100 out of the 900, to battle with the current top 100. Looks like the virtual universe company has absolute trust and confidence in their system, anyway the problem doesn’t affect me, I have the right to battle.”

“How can it be this way?”

“They don’t even give us the right to duel?”

“That’s too much!”

“This, this is overconfidence in the virtual universe system.”

In the plaza, the other absolute geniuses erupted in rage, the rules of this round meant that 800 of the final 1000 were immediately out of the game, not even giving them the chance to display their strengths! Naturally many of the geniuses were extremely unhappy and dissatisfied.

“Virtual universe company!” A sharp voice roared fiercely, Luo Feng even felt some discomfort in his ears, turning to look.

Amongst the group.

A 5m tall, skinny bodied, with a vertical eye in the middle of his forehead, this youth’s expression was pained, there was madness in his 3 eyes, raging and shouting: “I have a 100% guarantee of entering the top 100, even the top 20! How can, how can you immediately rely on the virtual universe system and just toss me aside? I won’t accept this! I won’t accept this!!!”

“Unfair! It’s unfair!” Beside, others began to shout out.

“This way is unfair!”

“Actually fighting, whoever loses gets eliminated, that’s the fair way, otherwise we won’t accept this!” Immediately about 10 youths from different universe countries began to shout out.

Luo Feng, Rong Jun and the others on the 200 namelist remained calm, the other 800 however were raging madly with the 3 eyed youth, the rest of them were extremely unhappy.

“Shut up!”

“What are you doing?”

“All shut up!”

The distant 1,008 undyings, many of them raged, simultaneously that strong consciousness and pressure extended over, immediately pressuring the 800 youths, causing all of them to go pale, all shivering, their legs trembling, “Pa!” Finally some couldn’t take it and knelt down, and later, “Pa! Pa! Pa!” They all knelt down, unable to withstand the pressure.

800 youths kneeling down.

Rumble…

1,008 undyings, all of them appeared before the geniuses, looking over them.

“I wont accept this! I wont accept this!!!” Amongst the kneeling group, that 3 eyed youth slammed his fists on the ground, his muscles twitching like an earthworm, forcing his head up and roaring.

“Idiot!”

From the 1,008 undyings, the scale armored giant looked coldly at the 3 eyed youth.

At this time, a dreamy distant voice resounded, “If one doesn’t accept or doubts the rules of the virtual universe system, one can choose not to join our virtual universe company, our virtual universe company will never force anyone to join.” The voice resounded throughout the entire land and skies, making the expressions of the kneeling 800 geniuses change.

Too…too…that’s too brutal!

Standing beside, Luo Feng, Savage Rong Jun, Death god Bolan and the other 200 were all shocked.

“He actually replied like that.” Luo Feng was shocked.

The 800 geniuses didn’t dare to believe, the 3 eyed youth too had an expression of disbelief, right, they were all true absolute geniuses, in their universe countries, they were number 1s! Always sitting high on a pedestal, even the universe country leaders heavily respected him, his opinion respected by many undyings.

From that youth’s point of view, this rule was simply overbearing, his request should be able to be met, however the answer of the virtual universe company was that simple…

If you don’t agree, just leave, no one is forcing you to join!

That simple!

“Really stupid!” Among the 1,008 undyings, a long black haired undying, looking at the kneeling 800 people, saying coldly, “The virtual universe company’s upper echelon made the rules and decisions, do you think you little punks can actually change it? You are really ahead of yourselves!”

“If it was that Death god Bolan punk that raised an opinion, maybe it might get noticed. But that’s only because he was long regarded as the one to enter the Primal secret area, a member of the Primal secret area!” An old man in a white robed covered in silver scales looked at the 3 eyed youth, “As for you…only the outer layer of the core, how can you dare to reject?”

“Little punks, remember! You may be the most elite geniuses of your universe countries, however in the virtual universe company…they organize a star level genius competition every 10,000 years, and a universe level genius competition. Within the virtual universe company, there are countless geniuses, the strong are numerous as the wind…you all should just stay low profile, it fits you better!”

“Going against the decision of the upper echelon is a big mistake!”

……

1,008 undyings, they were all very clear that these were all extremely talented geniuses, however geniuses normally had pride, temperament issues. And the path to the pinnacle of strength was extremely long and tedious, if one always kept this sort of pride, it was very easy to fall, hence fiercely knocking them back down was a good thing.

Within the large hall of skyscraper 0825.

Luo Feng and Rong Jun sat in chairs, as for the other 3, they were all eliminated in the 3 round duels.

“Before, I was still a little proud, however that scene before…I understand now, in the eyes of the virtual universe company, we are only some seedlings they are absorbing.” Luo Feng shook his head, “The virtual universe company itself has accumulated many many geniuses.”

“The position is not the same, naturally our words and opinions matter at different levels too!” Savage said softly, “The 4 secret areas are the virtual universe’s way of distinction between their members, didn’t you hear what that undying said before, maybe only death god Bolan’s opinion would get some recognition?”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Primal secret area, the namelist is extremely short.” Savage said, “The virtual universe company, such a huge power, the number of sector lords in the primal secret area, I heard there’s only a hundred!”

“100?” Luo Feng was greatly shocked.

Sector lords had long life spans, even in the Ganwu universe country the sector lords exceeded a million…and the 100 to 1,000 times stronger and bigger virtual universe company, just how many sector lords did they have?

And the number of sector lords that entered the primal secret area was only a total of 100!

“So, you should understand just how special this primal secret area absorbing 2 members is.” Savage spoke, “The primal secret area…as the core of the virtual universe company’s internal level, like death god Bolan, even though he’s only a star level or later a universe level, his position is still extremely high, even your emperor of the black dragon mountain empire cannot match up to him.”

“Hm?” Luo Feng was stunned.

The position of a primal secret area member, was higher than the emperor of the black dragon mountain empire?

Right!

The sector lords in the virtual universe company’s primal secret area was only a 100! One could easily see how special being a member was. Being higher than the emperor of a starfield wasn’t strange.

“Also, I heard, the members have special bodyguards.” Savage spoke, the leader of the guards is an undying, and within the guards there are 10 sector lords and a 100 domain lords.”

No matter how calm Luo Feng was, he couldn’t help but stare wide eyed.

“Damn!”

“Is it really true?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but lose his composure.

Members of the primal secret area having guards wasn’t strange, however the leader of the guards was actually an undying! This, this, this was too terrifying.

“Don’t be surprised, The virtual universe company, as one of the 5 great leviathans, even undyings…in the virtual universe company, many are mostly only in the Absolute beginning secret area. Just from their position, they are much lower.” Savage spoke, “You should understand, just how valuable and high the position of being a member of the primal secret area is, anyone of them, are extremely important elites in the company, just the resources spent on them, if changed to cash, are incredibly unbelievable amounts.”

Luo Feng was completely stunned.


Chapter 435: 1st Battle

When Luo Feng returned to his room, he was still disturbed, it took awhile for him to calm down.

“Ah, that Savage Rong Jun, how does he know so much?” Luo Feng thought, “He actually knows quite a bit about the 4 secret areas of the virtual universe company, looks like his background isn’t that simple.” The 2 from the Ganwu universe that made it to the top 1,000, Luo Feng and Rong Jun came from their own star fields.

While they seemed to not have any background at all…

In truth, Luo Feng inherited the Yun Mo Planet teachings and is also a golden horned beast.

And Savage Rong Jun, his true identity and background, was obviously not that simple either.

On earth, Yangzhou city Westlake courtyard, within the castle.

Sitting in the tea room, pouring a glass of tea and taking a sip, his consciousness was communicating with Babata, “Babata, just what’s up with the 4 secret areas of the virtual universe company?” Luo Feng told Babata everything he had just heard from Rong Jun, telling him the rules for the duel too, also about what happened in the plaza.

“That group of idiots, they actually dare doubt the virtual universe company system? My god, their brains must be flooded with water, the virtual universe system is a transcendental existence that can emulate the origin laws.” Babata exclaimed.

“Oh…” Luo Feng realized.

Babata obviously stood on the virtual universe system side.

“Hm, that Savage Rong Jun said the right thing! The primal secret area members have extremely high positions.” Babata said, “To the virtual universe company, to be able to enter the primal secret area…these are the extremely rare geniuses of the entire universe, hence they are willing to spend huge amounts of treasure and wealth to nurture them.

“How much?” Is it as much as my teacher’s wealth?” Luo Feng asked.

“Luo Feng, you have to understand one thing.” Babata said seriously, “Your teacher was indeed a very powerful undying, even the black dragon mountain empire had to lower its head in front of him! However…your teacher, compared to the Ganwu universe country, was a completely different level!”

Luo Feng nodded.

Ganwu universe country leader, that was an ancient being that had lived for trillions of years, creating and opening an entire universe country.

“The leader of the Ganwu universe country, has to show respect to the Virtual universe company!” Babata said, “1,008 universe countries, who’d dare offend the virtual universe country? That’s the true huge power! Such a huge powerful existence, nurturing geniuses in the primal secret area, they have very strict plans, numbers extremely small and pitiful, the wealth that they actually spend…do you think your teacher’s wealth can compare to that?”

Luo Feng was silent.

“You vision must be broader! Look further, don’t limit yourself to the black dragon mountain empire, or the universe countries, but look to the entire universe!”

“Actually I’ve known, since the day you possessed the golden horned beast successfully, your path would be even further and brighter than the path of your teacher’s.” Babata said, “Of course, from what I know getting into the Primal secret area isn’t the end of it, but comes with a lot of competition. The weak will be kicked out…and those in the Absolute beginning secret area, the absolute geniuses within might rise up to the primal secret area.

“Hence!”

“To enjoy the most pinnacle of resources, you have to constantly work hard. Because in the future, there will be a large amount of absolute geniuses eyeing your position, the moment you relax, others might catch up.”

Luo Feng could feel hot blood rush through his veins.

Anticipation!

Yes, that was the life he wanted, the strong rise while the weak fall, just that simple!

“Babata, I don’t understand too well now…the primal area members, just the star levels, they are able to get guards, and the leader of the guards is an undying.” Luo feng said, “No matter how it is, that’s an undying, a great undying!”

“Yes, undying are great!” Babata said.

“However a primal area member is also a great being itself.”

“Luo Feng, I’ll explain it to you this way…” Babata said, “What determines the level of position, isn’t just strength alone, it depends on many factors. Like the virtual universe company’s business division, some of the business geniuses or investors, their strength may be very low, however they still enjoy an extremely high position, just like the investor genius in the universe 1st bank, Fei Te, he invests with unbelievable amounts of wealth, even though his strength may be weak, but he still has undyings to take care and protect him.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

“Same logic.”

“Just like that death god Bolan, right, he’s very weak now. But you have to understand…he’s an absolute genius, the pinnacle of the human race in a trillion years! One only appears every trillion years or so. And a trillion years is akin to a sector lord’s life span, 1,008 universe countries, every universe country has over a million sector lords. You calculate, how many sector lords are produced by the entire human race over a trillion years?”

Luo Feng held his breath.

“That death god Bolan, in terms of value, position, one can only imagine!”

“Everyone who enters the Primal secret area are all the most important elites of the virtual universe company! That’s their root.” Babata exclaimed, “Comprehension of the origin laws, is easiest during the sector lord stage. And during the difficult star level stage, the death god Bolan already has such a level of comprehension of the space law, think about it…how high will his achievements be in the future?”

“No doubt about it!”

“As long as he doesn’t die.”

“In space origin law itself, he will definitely exceed your teacher! As long as he becomes an undying, he’ll be the pinnacle being even amongst the others, almost invincible.” Babata exclaimed, “And the space origin law, as one of the 2 hardest origin laws, if he can become an undying, that would be terrifying. You have to remember…even amongst undyings, the differences are huge, hence that time sector lord had such ambition.”

“However he didn’t succeed, if he did, and became an undying. His strength would be close to your teacher.”

“Of course!”

“The virtual universe company core is separated into 4 secret areas. From high to low, Primal, Absolute beginning, Heaven and land, Beginning phase. Many undyings are in the Absolute beginning secret area, don’t bite off more than you can chew, if you can enter the Absolute beginning secret area, that would be considered a success already. What’s more, your most important task right now… is to settle your 1st opponent Wu Te Wei Si Ke!”

Luo Feng lifted his tea cup and drank it all.

Wu Te Wei Si Ke, that was his opponent tomorrow.

Daybreak of the 2nd day.

Plaza, the 1,000 geniuses gathered.

Luo Feng was mixed in the crowd, looking at the distant tall 3 eyed youth, those 3 eyes were gloomy, obviously the blow he suffered yesterday was huge.

“Sir Knight!”

The distant 1,008 undying bowed respectfully.

“Hm.”

In mid air far away, the green armored purple scaled man nodded, then turned to look at the 1,000 youths, speaking, “Today is a good day, we will, in one day pick the top 100, top 10, and 1st and 2nd from the 1,000 of you.”

“Are you all ready? Then the battle will begin now!”

The green armored purple scaled man surveyed the crowd, with a wave of his hand, 100 huge arenas appeared above the plaza, at the side of each arena, a black net covered and surrounded them. Simultaneously, Rong Jun, Jia Lai Xi etc and the 200 youths were transported into the arenas.

Every arena had 2 people.

Immediately the undyings, along with the participants that didn’t qualify, all turned to watch death god Bolan’s battle.

In one of the arenas, was Luo Feng and Wu Te Wei Si Ke!

The silver white arena, had an area of 10 square km, the black net covered the entire arena.

“Madman Luo Feng, from the Ganwu universe country black dragon mountain empire, rank in the training space 3, displaying madness with extreme calm, hence the name.” A skinny youth with completely black lips stared at the distant Luo Feng coldly, shouting, “My rank in the training space was 113, I will let you know…that the training space didn’t stand for anything!”

“Cut the crap!” Carrying the dark golden long rod on his back, Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle and floated in the distant air shouting back.

“Very well!” The skinny youth smiled, “I’ll settle you and I’ll be able to enter the Heaven and Land secret area. Then I’ll settle another and I’ll enter the Absolute beginning area!”

Hu!

A gust of wind blew, the skinny youth became a gust of wind and headed towards Luo Feng, seemingly slow but actually extremely fast.

Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle and surveyed his opponent from mid air, details of his opponent flashing in his mind, “Wu Te Wei Si Ke, nicknamed Gale, uses a level 5 genetic energy weapon Void shadow blade, during battle his blade moves extremely quick, mixed in the mad winds, extremely fierce and swift, hard to block.

“Go and die.” The skinny youth’s eyes gleamed.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

The originally wind like skinny youth suddenly increased his speed, simultaneously the Void shadow blade in his hand became a fierce engulfing gale, endless blades gathered together to form a mad wind that engulfed everything, this mad wind blade dance surrounded even Luo Feng, allowing him no space to dodge.

“Hmph!” Luo Feng snorted.

Standing on the dark cloud shuttle and suddenly becoming a mysterious trace, in that seemingly overwhelming blade wind dance, he found an opening to slip through, leaving 9 images behind, causing the skinny youth’s expression to change, “He can even escape this, the information on the 9 threads is indeed terrifying.”

In the time Luo Feng took to dodge the attacks, the dark golden long rod on his back shot out 5 golden lights, forming 5 golden blades in mid air.

“Go!” Luo Feng stared coldly at his opponent, as though he was staring at a dead person.

With the golden energy flow wrapped around it, the 5 golden lights became like 5 golden dragons roaring towards the center of the blade wind dance, the skinny youth.

“Go and die!” The skinny youth’s expression struggled, his eyes filled with a sense of longing.

Xiu!

He waved his hand and shot out a white light, the white light immediately pierced through a 100m of distance, almost reaching Luo Feng, it was even faster than the golden rainbows.

Luo Feng’s expression changed, quickly relying on the dark cloud shuttle’s fast speed to dodge and simultaneously unleashing 16 shields.


Chapter 436: A True Pinnacle Battle

As the white light shot over suddenly, Luo Feng however maintained total calm, immediately coming up with the best decision…1 was to rely on the dark cloud shuttle to dodge it as quickly as possible, 2, use the soaring shuttle’s sword matrix for defense, 3, use the dark golden long rod from behind to produce 4 more golden blades to block that white light.

The 4 golden rainbows shot out from behind Luo Feng, almost like a net that engulfed the sky, wrapping over that white light.

“Dang!”

A clashing sound!

Causing the distant skinny youth’s expression to change greatly: “He stopped it!”

That was his trump card, one that he had trained long for, with comprehension of the wind origin laws, a move infused with wind origin laws to unleash its full power.

This Leaving Blade had the properties of the wind origin laws, its speed was extremely quick, it floated and arced about, its power was huge, it was his biggest trump card! During the training space stages, he didn’t have any use for secret weapons, and later during the 3 round duels, his opponents werent enough for him to have to use it, hence it had been kept a secret til now,he had been preparing to use it on an unready opponent.

Trump card, they had the biggest power when unexpected.

Without preparation, it was easy to get hit!

The moment it was found out however, they would automatically have defenses for it, the trump card’s power would be weakened.

However Luo Feng was too calm, even though this move was sudden, Luo Feng’s terrifying calmness, without any hesitation acting in the best course of action to deal with it, not only did 4 golden rainbows block it, unleashing the sword matrix along with his dodging made it completely useless.

“Go and die!” Luo Feng looked coldly at his opponent.

The other 5 golden rainbows surrounded the skinny youth, his speed obviously couldn’t match up to the golden rainbows, in an instant, he was pierced through!

Wu Te We Si Ke, Fail!

Luo Feng, victory!

……

Luo Feng descended from mid air and looked at the white light that was stopped, it was a silver white little blade, “Anyone capable of making it into the top 100, indeed they are not to be sneezed at.” Within the universe, a spirit reader could control their spirit weapons from far, and fighters too could use throwing weapons, like javelins, short hatchets, short blades etc…

Using earth terms, these were called secret weapons!

Secret weapons were indeed powerful, and rarely seen.

After winning the first battle, Luo Feng entered the top 100, his prize rose to 100 mixed elements, and he gained the right to enter the virtual universe company Heaven and land secret area.

……

Congratulations to the punks in the arenas.” The green armored purple scaled man stood in mid air, surveying the 100 young ladies and gentlemen within the arenas, “Firstly, I want to congratulate you on entering the top 100, able to enter our virtual universe company’s heaven and earth secret area, right now, we’ll pick the top 20 from you all.”

“According to the virtual universe system choices, I’ll report the 20 names.”

Immediately the 100 just victorious youth geniuses began to get nervous, even though they had won, however only 20 of them would get the chance to go to the next round and battle, picking out the final 10!

Luo Feng stood in the arena he battled in, looking at the green armored purple scaled man in mid air, creasing his eyebrows, “I didn’t reveal my strongest trump card, my rating in the virtual universe system might be lower, however, according to what the scale armored giant said and concluded, I should be able to rank in the top 10, then, I should get chosen!”

“Bolan!”

The green armored purple scaled man began reporting the 20 names.

“Gu Si Luo!”

“Ai Chen!”

“Wuka!”

“Yi Feng!”

“Jia Lai Xi!”

“Rong Jun!”

……

As the names were read out, those who didn’t have their names read could barely suppress their nervousness, they were all victorious, yet only 20 could participate in the next battle!

“Qian Shui!”

“Luo Feng!”

……

“Tao!”

“The chosen 20 are the names that I just reported.” The green armored purple scaled man smiled, “Will the 20 of you rest and recover from the battle before, in a short time, we will begin the next battle. As for who your opponent is…you’ll find out when the battle begins!”

A group of youths sat casually in the plaza.

“Kandita, congrats on making it into the top 100.”

“Don’t even talk about it, even though I made it to the top 100, however I wasn’t chosen in the final 20.” The tall and sturdy Kandita had a look of dissatisfaction, “Even though those in the top 20 are all powerful, and I don’t have a chance of winning. However without actually making a move, I still feel dissatisfaction!”

“Kandita, don’t be upset, we are all unhappy too. I didn’t even get the chance to make it into the top 100.”

The youths that didn’t have any more battles to fight were chatting casually, everyone chatted and got to know each other, because from today on, many of them would become long term partners in the universe.

And the final 20 sat in the corner quietly, they were quietly resting and controlling their mental state. Because in a moment…the more important battle was about to begin, the next battle would pick out the top 10, these 20 that were able to get on the namelist, probably only death god Bolan had a 100% guarantee, the other 19 werent sure of their victory.

“My opponent, just who is it?” Luo Feng’s gaze swept his surroundings, 2 of the other 19 too were looking in all directions, one was the Manka prince Wuka and the other was the fat man carrying the blood axe Tao.

The Manka prince smiled at Luo Feng and waved his fist.

The fat man too glanced at Luo Feng and rubbed his ears.

“The arrangements of this battle, they didn’t reveal, we’ll only know when it’s time to battle. This is probably a test too on our mental state.” Luo Feng stopped worrying about it, closing his eyes, and according to his big and 2nd brother’s methods, cleansed himself and emptied his mind, entering a calm state, patiently waiting for the battle to begin.

……

About half an hour later.

“Rumble…” The plaza shook, in the vast plaza 10 arenas rose gradually, all were enveloped in large amounts of black netting, simultaneously the 20 resting people were immediately transported to the 10 arenas.

Within the arena.

“Damn!”

“Tragedy! That blood axe Tao actually faces death god Bolan?”

“We’ve been guessing who’d be so unlucky to meet Bolan, it’s actually Tao, poor fellow.” In the distance, the 980 other geniuses spectating laughed, and in the arena the wild unrestricted fat man Tao gripped on that terrifying huge Axe, almost like a ferocious beast staring at the white robed youth, however anyone could have predicted the outcome.

Death god Bolan, that was an absolute genius that only appeared once after how many competitions?

The virtual universe company even specially included one more slot for the Primal secret area just because of him, the chances of the blood axe Tao being able to violently defeat the death god Bolan were simply too low, unless he was a terrifying genius that appeared once every trillion years.

“Gu Si Luo against Rong Jun?”

“Gu Si Luo was the training space ranked 2, a very perfect, no error kind of strength. Among these 20, probably only he has the ability to fight Bolan. That Rong Jun meeting Gu Si Luo, its over.”

……

Many in the entire arena stared at Bolan against Tao, however there were many watching another match…Hypnotist Jia Lai Xi against Madman Luo Feng!

“That Hypnotist has met the Madman.”

“The 2 sick ones have met.”

“From beginning to end, Hypnotist didn’t even make a move, just staring at his opponents and defeating them. Who knows whether that Madman can withstand it.”

“It’s hard to say! Hypnotist is the most terrifying spirit reader hypnotist of this competition, till now no one has been able to withstand it…and besides using hypnotism, he can also use a spirit weapon to engage in long distance attacks, when the opponent is caught in the illusion without any defenses, it’ll be over quickly. Up till now, he hasn’t even used a spirit weapon! Always only using hypnotism, his hypnotism must be extremely terrifying!”

“Don’t look down on Madman, I’ve seen his battle footage, so many footages, I’ve never seen him nervous or at a lose. His eyes…always cold, almost as though nothing affects his mental state.”

“Hm, Hypnotist was regarded as the top 10, Madman too was regarded as the top 10, these 2 meeting, it’ll be interesting!”

……

10 arenas, 10 battles.

Every match was a pinnacle fight, compared to the fights to become the top 100 before, the match ups now…only now were they truly worthy of the title pinnacle fights!

In the arena.

One on the dark cloud shuttle, dressed in a dark grey armor, carrying a dark golden long rod, a skinny black haired youth.

The other stood on a black disc, a tall and skinny silhouette covered in a black robe.

Both were spirit readers, however they walked 2 different paths of a spirit reader, one was a controller while the other a hypnotists. The controller directed spirit weapons to destroy the physical body while hypnotists directed their attacks to destroy the soul directly.

It was extremely hard to make progress as a hypnotists, however once that was achieved, they were terrifying.

Becoming a controller was easier, however to become powerful, that too was difficult.

“Madman Luo Feng.” The hypnotist Jia Lai Xi’s voice was coarse, saying softly, “You have the strength of the top 10, however meeting me…you’ll only be able to rank outside the top 10.”

“So confident?” Luo Feng smiled, his eyes gleaming.

The 2 awaited the announcement.

In the 10 arenas, they all awaited…

“The victor will enter the top 10, little punks, don’t get careless, your opponents are all very strong. Let the battle…Begin!” The green armored purple scaled man said from far away, his voice resounding in everyone’s ears, simultaneously, the 10 arena battles erupted!

……

Jia Lai Xi who was standing on the black disc, his gaze cold as his lips slightly moved.

Weng…

A formless traceless spirit energy immediately rippled towards Luo Feng, invading his mind, his spirit energy was simply too fast. While unleashing his hypnotism, Kia Lai Xi waved his hand simultaneously, the black disc below his feet had become a black light cutting straight towards Luo Feng’s head.

The 1st time!

In the arena battles, this was the first time the hypnotist Jia Lai Xi used hypnotism and his spirit weapon in a simultaneous attack!


Chapter 437: Top 10

A formless spirit energy sneakily invaded Luo Feng’s consciousness.

His consciousness was vast and endless, however a huge golden pagoda almost took up the entire space. This void pagoda had a total of 2 levels. This void pagoda with engravings appearing all over looked completely like a transparent crystal glowing with a golden light. It looked almost perfect, non damaged and was completely able to protect his soul core within.

The void pagoda, level 2.

This was a secret technique passed down from the master of the Yun Mo Planet. Luo Feng had studied and focused on the Soul imprint and Void pagoda, of which the soul imprint was created by his teacher. However, the deeper he delved into these arts, the more they favored soul attacks. Since his specialty was a controller, he slowly reduced his training on the soul imprint. Once he reached the basic 10,000 blade soul imprint and was able to condense his enslavement imprint, he stopped going deeper.

On the other hand, the void pagoda was very important in Luo Feng’s plan. As a spirit reader controller, he may be weaker in soul attacks. However, his defense had to be strong, he shouldn’t have any obvious weaknesses! Hence…he never relaxed on that training!

And the void pagoda was a very powerful technique.

His teacher back then only acquired it by chance too, and before death, he had only reached 6 levels of the pagoda. If he had reached the 7th level…according to what his teacher assumed, that tragedy back then, he wouldn’t have died! One could only imagine how powerful the void pagoda was.

During the past 5 years, Luo Feng had never relaxed during his training. With the gold and space origin law comprehension, he reached level 2 of the pagoda.

Void pagoda, was purely for defense!

“Hu!”

The hypnotist Jia Lai Xi’s traceless spirit energy invaded Luo Feng’s consciousness, immediately hitting the Void pagoda. Upon contact, it didn’t attack, but spread like a membrane to wrap around the void pagoda, gradually contacting it.

The void pagoda, in essence was made of spirit energy which was incomparably condensed. However, it was still spirit energy.

And spirit energy was always infused with a trace of consciousness.

Soul, in truth was a complete fusion of countless amounts of spirit energy. With the formless spirit energy making contact with the void pagoda, Luo Feng’s consciousness fell into a terrifying hypnotism.

……

A second ago he was still clearly battling Jia Lai Xi, however in an instant his consciousness was in a different scene altogether.

“How can this be?” Luo Feng stood above the Pacific ocean. Looking at a over 100km long huge ferocious beast wreaking havoc, creating enormous waves. Simultaneously there were two 10km fierce absolute beasts spewing fire towards the ground.

The skyscrapers and entire base city was in ruins, people were screaming in pain, while countless of them were running away.

“Thirdie, what do we do? Just what can we do? These are at least domain lord level ferocious beasts, we can’t match up to them.” A panicked thunder god voice transmitted from his communicator watch.

“Third brother, quickly protect the final seedlings and leave earth. Quickly flee! These are the last seedlings of earth.” Hong’s panicked expression appeared on his communicator too.

“Something is not right!”

“Wake up! Wake up!” Luo Feng felt as though he was dreaming when he was young. Even though he consciously knew that he was dreaming, it was still difficult to wake up. Although he was in this state currently…the main thing was that his consciousness was too strong. Along with his mental state training and golden horned beast influence, his soul was incomparably cold. Hence his consciousness detected the hypnotism immediately.

Being conscious of the fact was one thing, actually waking up was the important thing!

Luckily the void pagoda had a tight defense on his soul core. So even if the hypnotist Jia Lai Xi’s spirit hypnotism was incredibly powerful, it could only slightly affect him, as it was unable to penetrate deep into his soul.

“Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!!!” Luo Feng’s willpower let out a strong and powerful roar, and the illusion world began to shake.

Peng!

The illusion was broken.

Luo Feng had completely regained consciousness. Unlike that dreamy illusion world, everything before his eyes was incredibly clear, this was the true 100% simulation of the virtual universe.

“Xiu!” The black disc had already reached close to Luo Feng.

“Just nice.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. Standing on the dark cloud shuttle, his speed fiercely accelerated, simultaneously brandishing many shields. As the distance was too close, he didn’t have time to use the Nan Shen Armament.

“Dang!”

The black disc clashed on the shield causing the shield to get knocked away. It brushed Luo Feng’s arm, cutting through the armor and a large part of his flesh, fresh blood spewed out from mid air, while Luo Feng had already dodged far away.

“Go and die!” Luo Feng roared within, pointing at the distant Jia Lai Xi who had an expression of shock.

Rumble!

Six golden energy flows flew out from behind Luo Feng and immediately formed six golden blades, piercing towards Jia Lai Xi. Jai Lai Xi’s expression was filled with shock, “Impossible!” Simultaneously, large amounts of golden shards formed around him to become an armor.

“Peng Peng Peng, the six golden rainbows pierced right through his helmet, eventually reducing his body to nothing but a mess.

Rumble!

An explosion and fresh blood flew all over.

Jia Lai Xi was defeated!

Madman Luo Feng was the Victor! He entered the top 10!

That was how fast a match between two absolute geniuses was like. If Luo Feng had awoken any later, it would have been him who would have died instead with his head sliced right off! However the moment he awoke, it meant Jia Lai Xi’s death!

……

“How can that be?” Covered in a black robe, Jia Lai Xi’s eyes were filled with shock, “My Confusion god technique… according to my country leader, he said that only Bolan had reached a level where he wouldn’t be affected. Others wouldn’t be able to withstand it. Even within the top 10, I had a guarantee. I should even have had the hope of making it to the top 2. How, how come he…even if he wasn’t caught in the illusion, to actually struggle and break out of the dream requires time. Within that little time, I should have been able to kill him, but he…”

He indeed had defensive methods.

That defensive spirit weapon which formed his armor, could barely withstand the six golden blades attack. However Luo Feng’s attack was simply too strong and ended up destroying him.

Strong defense! Along with an even more terrifying spirit weapon attack with hypnotism…

1v1, he was indeed a terrifying opponent.

However, he still lost.

……

“Hm, he lost?”

“Jia Lai Xi lost?” Many spectating geniuses were all shocked. From the previous footages of Jia Lai Xi, he was simply too intrepid. He did not even have to use his spirit weapon before, just his soul attack alone along with hypnotism could kill the enemy and his moves were outstanding every time.

This time, Jia Lai Xi didn’t even take his enemy lightly, as he regarded Madman Luo Feng as a true enemy. Hence, he used hypnotism and his spirit weapon simultaneously, however he still lost!

With his full strength, he still lost!

“Ah?”

“Luo Feng actually won?” The distant 1,008 undyings, their eyes gleamed. Over half of them had regarded Luo Feng as the loser of this match from the get go, because they were very clear about the difficulty of training in hypnotism, and just how terrifying a powerful hypnotist was.

“To be able to immediately awaken, just how strong must one’s willpower be? How calm? This punk is powerful, definitely powerful.” A 10m tall man who looked like a bull with a horn exclaimed and complimented, his voice booming like thunder.

……

Luo Feng’s victory was considered quite a surprise. The main thing was Jia Lai Xi was long regarded by the undyings…as one that only Bolan could withstand. Afterall, with his comprehension of the origin laws being that deep, his consciousness was affected by the universe energies. Hence, he wouldn’t so easily be shaken.

The stronger a fighter, the stronger one comprehends the origin laws, his willpower and strength were more terrifying.

If it was anyone else against Jia Lai Xi, their losing percentage would have exceeded 80%!

Actually, of the top 20, other than Bolan, the other 18 would naturally feel apprehensive against Jia Lai Xi. Even Luo Feng didn’t have full confidence, however this difficult person, was actually eliminated by Luo Feng.

10 arenas, within one of them, the white robed youth carrying the blood blade won. He turned and was obviously shocked when he saw the arena Luo Feng was in, creasing his eyebrows slightly, saying, “Luo Feng?”

“Luo Feng?” The green haired lady Qian Shui who had similarly achieved victory, looked at the distant Luo Feng in his arena, with her bright and intelligent eyes..

Right.

During the time Luo Feng won, three victors had been decided. They were Bolan, Qian Shui and Luo Feng. It may have seemed like a slow exchange, but Luo Feng’s was actually very fast.

“Chi!”

Similarly a green haired youth with engravings on his face revealed a smile in his arena.

“Big brother, big brother!” Qian Shui shouted and cheered.

Her big brother Jiang Mo had entered the top 10 aswell, both siblings entered the top 10.

……

The victors of the 10 arenas began to emerge one by one.

Bolan, Qian Shui, Luo Feng, Jiang Mo, Lancelot, Wuka, Ai Chen, Long Yun, Ao Pa Te La…and the final one…

Rong Jun!

The battle between Gu Si Luo and Rong Jun was the longest one of the 10. Gu Si Luo was a so called perfect spirit reader controller. From the beginning of the battle, he seemed to be in control. As the rank 2 of the training space round and the one with the most hope of being the 2nd one to enter the primal secret area, actually…he actually lost to Savage Rong Jun?

“Rong Jun won?”

“Gu Si Luo actually lost?”

“The one with the most hope of getting number 2, Gu Si Luo, he actually lost?”

The spectators on site, over 900 absolute geniuses were all completely shocked. At the same time, the 9 victors in the arenas, all stared hard at the blood covered wargod Rong Jun who looked like he just came from the wilderness.

“Powerful blade work.”

“What terrifying blade work.”

Even death god Bolan creased his eyebrows. Everyone else including Luo Feng could barely contain their shocked expressions.

“This blade work…” Luo Feng stared at Savage Rong Jun. Looking at the huge blade, he remembered that brutal slash that could even slice mountains.


Chapter 438: Low Profile Opponent

“So, so his movement wasn’t his strongest trait, it was his blade work instead.” Luo Feng stared at the youth Rong Jun. At the same time he reminisced about his match with him from five years ago, “My true aim… is the entire universe’s number one!” that roar seemed to resound in Luo Feng’s ears once again.

Number one?

So, this Savage Rong Jun wasn’t just making bold comments.

“Yes, Rong Jun had so much knowledge on even the 4 secret areas of the Virtual Universe Company. Obviously he wasn’t just a simple frog in the well.” Luo Feng thought, “He had so much information on the standards of the previous number one’s of the competitions, and he dared to actually say his aim was to be the overall number one, meaning he had some guarantee!”

Before unleashing that completely shocking blade work, Rong Jun was regarded as one who would reach within the top 20, but now that he’s defeated Gu Si Luo.

“Top 5, he definitely has strength who could reach top 5.” The large youth that was completely black, Ao Pa Te La said softly.

“That blade work, is simply…”

The green robed purple scaled man flew in mid air, a formless pressure naturally caused the 1,000 geniuses to turn to him. “Congratulations to the 10 victors. You’ve entered the top 10, your prize has risen to 1,000 mixed elements and you have the right to enter the Absolute beginning secret area.” The green armored purple scaled man smiled, “This time’s top 10 battles have been very exciting, some punks have actually really surprised me.

The 1,000 geniuses along with the 1,008 undyings all listened obediently to that Nine blades knight.

“Bolan, Qian Shui, Luo Feng, Jiang Mo, Lancelot, Wuka, Ai Chen, Long Yun, Ao Pa Te La, Rong Jun, congratulations to the ten of you.”

“In a moment, we’ll pick the top 5 from you 10 and finally the top 2 from the final 5.” The green armored purple scaled man smiled, “As to how you are separated into your groups, according to the virtual universe system’s set rules on how fast you completed your match before, there were some quick and slow matches before, the fastest will battle against the slowest, the 2nd fastest will battle against the 2nd slowest…and so on!”

Hua!

The 1,008 undyings were shocked. The 990 spectating geniuses were shocked too. Even the 10 absolute geniuses who were about to battle were stunned.

The time sequence was Bolan, Qian Shui, Luo Feng Jiang Mo, Lancelot, Wuka, Ai Chen, Long Yun, Ao Pa Te La and Rong Jun.

If the fastest were to match up against the slowest, then…

Bolan was up against Rong Jun!

Qian Shui versus Ao Pa Te La!

Luo Feng against Long Yun!

Jiang Mo against Ai Chen!

Lancelot against Wuka!

The most outstanding from the earlier battle, Rong Jun, actually matched up against the terrifying Death God Bolan. According to what everyone present thought, including the 1,008 undyings, everyone regarded meeting the Death God as a sure loss without doubt!

“Rong Jun against Bolan?” Luo Feng looked at the distant wild youth. “That’s bad, even though Rong Jun’s true strength is terrifying, no matter how much his strength explodes, his opponent is Bolan. And Bolan far exceeds the rest of us, Rong Jun will definitely lose!” As Bolan was too strong, one could see just from the training space what the outcome would be.

Being ahead of everyone by an entire tower, almost everyone held their breaths for Rong Jun. One had to know that the settings by the virtual universe system couldn’t be changed, and only accepted.

Also, other than the 9 present, no one else would want to meet Bolan. However, one would ultimately have to. And this unlucky person was Rong Jun.

“Rest for awhile, the arena duels will begin shortly.” The green armored purple scared man’s voice resounded in everyone’s ears.

“Interesting, really interesting.”

“13, your two seedlings from the Ganwu universe country are both very powerful. Especially that Rong Jun! While others are using techniques created by ancestors and earlier generations, that Rong Jun actually created his own technique. That bladework, after fusing both the ground and space origin laws together, the strength is actually so powerful. If he didn’t meet Bolan, he could have totally made it to number 2!”

“Don’t compliment him so much. He is strong, but that other one … Luo Feng doesn’t seem any weaker. His mental state and will power is perfect within his generation. One’s willpower and mental state will determine how far one finally goes later on. In comparison, I actually prefer Luo Feng. As for Rong Jun, actually he’s still too weak now in the star level, creating his own technique at this time is too early. Learn from others first, at least become a sector lord and when your sights have widened and your understanding of the origin laws have gotten deeper, it wouldn’t be too late to create your own technique then.”

“Hm, makes sense.”

“What you say is isn’t exactly right. That Rong Jun creating his own technique, even though it’s just the beginning, you can still see how huge that power is. And by creating one’s own technique, when unleashing its strength, it becomes even greater. Other people’s techniques are after all still others, your own would be best.”

“It’s much too early for that. Now isn’t the time to be creating your own technique.”

Surrounding the scale armored giant, the other undyings began to discuss.

“Hm.”

The scale armored giant creased his eyebrows. Looking at the distant Rong Jun and Luo Feng, his eyes could hardly suppress the happiness. “These two punks really surprise me time and again. Among the 1,008 universe countries competing, there are actually two of them in the top 10 from our Ganwu universe country. Haha, if the leader knew, he’d be very happy.”

……

The 1,008 undyings in the plaza, along with the 990 other geniuses were constantly discussing. However the final 10 geniuses were quietly waiting. Initially they felt a little pity for Rong Jun, but after, they all began to notice their own opponents.

“Long Yun.” Luo Feng looked at the distant silhouette.

He was tall at 2m, he had a muscular built and looked strong. Wearing a strange style of heavy armor, he had a helmet with a horn on it. His gaze was deep and unfathomable and the side of his face even had some yellow fur. He was Long Yun, a very low profile youth from the Lan Ting universe country.

He had never attracted anyone’s attention.

Since the beginning of the gathering of the million geniuses, people like Hypnotist Jia Lai Xi, the Manka prince, Ao Gu Se planet’s genius siblings, Savage Rong Jun etc, many had reputations that were much more renowned.

However no one really paid attention to Long Yun.

During the training space, even though he was in the top 100, he was still in the back 50.

As for making it into the top 100, Long Yun’s victories were simple. These victories were not very glaring or outstanding, because everyone else’s victories were simple too eye catching.

Making it into the top 10, Long Yun’s victory seemed very taxing.

“This Long Yun’s strength?” Luo Feng jumped within, “Right, I’ve never really noticed him before!”

Very average and keeping a low profile, this was Long Yun!

What seemed like a rather normal punk actually made it to the top 10!

“Luo Feng.” Sitting not too far from Luo Feng was the wild youth, communicating via genetic energy.

“Something the matter?” Luo Feng looked over.

“Be careful of Long Yun.” The wild youth communicated, “From my observations and information gathered before, among the top 20, 19 of them have comprehension of two origin laws. Only one person has comprehension of just one origin law.”

Luo Feng stepped through the gateway of gold and space laws.

Rong Jun stepped through the gateway of ground and space laws.

Everyone else was similar, like the Death God Bolan stepped through the gateway of wind and space laws, while Yi Feng stepped through wind and wood, or that Ai Chen stepping through light and time…

“Of the 19 that stepped through two gateways, 8 had stepped through space, 6 stepped through time, the other 5 didn’t have any comprehension of time or space at all. However, no matter the case, these 19 are all that stepped through two gateway laws.”

“Only one person had comprehension of just one origin law, and that’s Long Yun.” The wild youth communicated.

“Ah?” Luo Feng was shocked.

He hadn’t researched so much in detail. In the history of every genius competition between the 1,008 universe countries’ absolute geniuses, those that were able to make it into the top 20 were mostly all who comprehended two origin laws, or focused on space or time.

“He comprehends the ground origin laws, which are very heavy and grounded. His defense is extremely strong, and his attack is very strong too. His comprehension far exceeds my single use of the ground origin laws. Be careful.” Rong Jun communicated.

“Thanks.” Luo Feng replied.

“No need, I don’t have a big chance of victory in my fight. If you can win, I’ll be happy too.” Rong Jun said.

Luo Feng looked at Rong Jun and smiled, “All the best, you never know, you might be able to topple that Bolan.”

“Haha! You never know, however I will never admit defeat easily.” Rong Jun smiled back.

Half an hour later.

The original arenas in the plaza had vanished, tremors began again and 5 even more luxurious and beautiful arenas rose and floated above. The light cover on the arenas were translucent light membranes. These membranes, under the light ball in the sky reflected 7 colors of light below, it was beautiful. As for the 10 youth geniuses, they were all transported to their respective arenas.

Rong Jun against Bolan, Luo Feng against Long Yun…

Five absolute pinnacle battles, it was about to begin!

Within the beautiful arena, Luo Feng faced Long Yun.

Long Yun’s entire body was covered in heavy armor. His helmet had a horn on it. With a flip of his hand he brandished a terrifying huge axe, his eyes staring hard at Luo Feng, a powerful strength based fighter.

The skinny Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle, carrying the Nan Shen Armament on his back. He was a proper spirit reader controller.

“You are very strong.”

A thick booming voice, almost like a bull roaring. Long Yun stared coldly at Luo Feng, emphasizing, “You are much stronger than what I expected. To show you the respect I have for such a strong warrior like yourself, I will use my full strength and defeat you.” The moment his words ended, yellow energy began to emanate from his body. This yellow energy rippled about, the surrounding space seemed to almost condense and solidify.

A formless heavy pressure was formed, this made the distant Luo Feng’s expression change.

“It’s, too abnormal!”

“Monster!”

“This, this…”

“Madness.”

“This Long Yun is really sly and simply too devious.” The spectating 990 geniuses were all shocked. Even the distant 1,008 undyings, among those who were watching this match, many of them revealing a look of shock.

“Right, to be able to rely on only the ground origin laws to make it into the top 10. Also, to have such deep comprehension of the ground laws, yet not stepping into the space laws is the weird thing. But it’s really true, it’s just this way! And just his domain alone was already that terrifying…”


Chapter 439: The End of the Genius Competition

Luo Feng squinted, staring at the distant wild fighter Long Yun who was releasing his domain.

The top 10 of the universe, all of them had their domains, and most of their domains were at level 9s! Having a domain wasn’t strange at all, however this wild fighter’s domain had almost perfectly melded the ground origin laws with it. The moment he released his domain, the space around it felt almost like it condensed and solidified.

It was terrifying!

“His comprehension of the ground origin laws is even stronger than Rong Jun’s! As for the space origin law comprehension, there’s no way to confirm…but from the look of his domain, it shows that his fusion is almost perfect.” Luo Feng understood that he was in a predicament.

He had comprehended two origin laws and melded them together perfectly.

Like the Nan Shen Armament, which required two types of origin laws to be fused together. However, this was something Luo Feng was able to achieve only when he actually used Nan Shen Armament. As for himself, after all the gold origin laws were reliant on the Golden horned beast and the space origin laws were reliant on the Mosha clan clone, using them together was his earth body.

Luo Feng’s improvement was too quick indeed.

The resulting fusing efficiency was not able to keep up with the Golden horned beast and Mosha clan’s speed.

“Let the battle being!” The green armored purple scaled man shot a look at the distant Long Yun in the arena and said.

The five battles began immediately!

“Go!” Standing on the dark cloud shuttle in mid air, Luo Feng pointed at Long Yun.

Immediately 9 golden energy flows shot out from the dark golden long rod on his back, immediately forming 9 golden blades, with the golden energy wrapped around it. The 9 golden rainbows were like 9 golden dragon heads, roaring as they rushed towards that wild fighter Long Yun solidly standing on the ground.

“9 golden rainbows, let’s see how many you can block.” Luo Feng looked on.

Chi Chi…

The yellow domain with a diameter of 50m seemed incredibly solid. The 9 golden rainbows’ speeds dropped drastically the moment they entered the domain, so much so that one could even see the difference in speed. It was almost as though piercing through the domain was incredibly difficult. when they reached about 50m away from Long Yun’s body, their speeds had already dropped till only 1/3 of the original, their power were also reduced compared to before.

“Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang!”…

The golden rainbows clashed with his armor, Long Yun didn’t even budge.

“This domain has already…” In mid air, Luo Feng’s expression changed greatly.

“Earth’s thickness and heaviness, space and domain best combination, these three are perfectly fused.” The distant 1,008 undyings, that tall and huge bull man laughed loudly, “It seems like just from his domain’s pressure alone, Long Yun ranks number 1 in the top 10.”

“Bolan emphasizes more on speed, Long Yun emphasizes on defense, these two are completely different.”

“This Luo Feng is unlucky. The last time he met the difficult Jia Lai Xi, and now the even stronger Long Yun. Haha…”

When the distant undyings were discussing Long Yun, he had already taken a big step and rushed towards Luo Feng.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The running Long Yun, every step made the entire arena rumble, almost as though an entire mountain was rushing forward, following which his body became a blur and flew into the air. Luo Feng immediately used the 9 threads and left 9 images in mid air, dodging far away.

Rumble! Long Yun landed on the ground.

“Long Yun, take my strongest move!” In mid air, Luo Feng roared, gritting his teeth, Sky piercing formation!!!”

Ang!

The 9 golden rainbows immediately stopped in mid air, they simultaneously swiftly flew together and fused. These 9 golden lights immediately became one body as large amounts of blurry golden threads weaved through each other. The golden light it formed also constantly shrank and the golden threads were constantly growing thinner.

Even though it seemed like it was shrinking!

In truth, every golden blade was formed from 9 little blades. This golden light fusion was actually made from 81 little golden blades together, and these 81 blades were small in form. The only thing was it was closing the distance between each of them. In the blink of an eye, the 81 blades had fused perfectly, forming 1 single true golden blade.

This golden blade didn’t seem like an illusion at all, it was solid.

At 1/3 of a meter long, it was completely formed by the 81 little golden blades melding together. As they continued to condense and tightly fuse, simultaneously countless golden threads weaved through it, causing this blade to be incomparably real and perfect. Examining it further, one couldn’t even find a trace or mark of the parts, almost as though it had always been this 1/3 m long golden blade.

The golden engravings on its surface, caused the entire blade to emit an ancient aura.

Nan Shen Armament 2nd level…sky piercing formation!

“Xiu!”

The golden blade wrapped with the golden energy flow was almost like a comet, leaving behind a golden energy flow as it streaked towards Long Yun.

“Hm?” Long Yun’s expression changed, the yellow domain he controlled shook the ground.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Like a needle piercing through layers of cloth, even after entering the yellow domain all the way, it still had 80% of its power!

“Roar!” Long Yun waved his terrifying huge axe, the area around the axe seemed to be pressurized, immediately hitting that golden blade.

“Rumble…”

The arena shook violently.

Long Yun took 3 heavy steps back, every step itself shaking the arena.

990 spectating geniuses, along with the 1,008 undyings were all surprised as they watched this scene.

“Surprise! What a surprise! This Luo Feng has not only reached the 2nd level of the 10,000 threads, his gold origin laws comprehension has improved greatly too! He can actually use the sky piercing formation.” A group of undyings were shocked. This time’s competition not only had the once in a trillion years exceptional genius Death god Bolan, simultaneously it had others that could definitely made it to number 1 in the other competitions.

Jia Lai Xi, Luo Feng, Gu Si Luo, Rong Jun, Long Yun, if they were in the earlier competitions, they definitely could get number 1. Even if it wasn’t number 1, they’d have made it to the top 3.

And this time, it was a gathering of the elite.

In terms of origin laws, Luo Feng was indeed much better at his gold laws than the space laws. One must know Luo Feng had began to feel the gold laws much earlier, and in terms of difficulty, space laws were much harder than the gold laws.

Ever since he began using the 9 threads.

Fusing the 9 threads along with his gold laws comprehension, Luo Feng could fuse the 9 blades into 1 to form the sky piercing formation. This was his big trump card, he had no rush to use it.

When he was in the training space 6th tower before, he faced 10,000 blood hair mammoths.

Against 10,000, Luo Feng’s blades weren’t enough, naturally using the 9 made more sense!

Against Long Yun however, 1v1, the sky piercing formation was stronger!

“Very good!” Long Yun’s eyes gleamed, immediately rushing forward with a stride.

“Hm? He managed to deflect the power? Only suffering light injuries!” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, the power of the sky piercing formation was shocking, one could be said to be invincible in the star level for being able to use the 1st dream blade formation. If that was the case, then using the sky piercing 2nd formation was even more invincible. This was comparable to even the golden horned beast in the same level, or even pressuring it. (It was mentioned before that the golden horned beast wasn’t the crazy training types)!

This meant that only in these pinnacle genius competitions, will one even meet a match.

Rumble!

Long Yun rushed into the sky, the yellow energy flow following and covering that huge axe. Luo Feng however had long formed 9 images and dodged.

“Go!” Luo Feng dodged and roared.

Xiu!

The golden blade once again pierced towards Long Yun!

“Rumble!” It seemed like a simple straightforward pierce. However, it was infused with unimaginable strength, only slightly weakening in Long Yun’s heavy domain. However, Long Yun still only stepped back and deflected the power.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!…

Time and again the golden blade pierced forward. Long Yun was like a tortoise blocking it over and over. He wanted to chase Luo Feng… however Luo Feng’s speed on the dark cloud shuttle was too fast.

Within the 5 arenas, the matches ended one after another.

Bolan against Rong Jun, Bolan wins!

Qian Shui against Ao Pa Te La, Qian Shui wins!

Jiang Mo against Ai Chen, Ai Chen wins!

Lancelot against Wuka, Wuka wins!

Only one battle remained at this point. That was between Long Yun and Luo Feng. Long Yun was like a shelled warrior blocking the sky piercing formation time and again. Even though his body’s injuries were still within his control, the golden blade’s attacks had also affected his speed, making him unable to immediately explode and chase after Luo Feng!

The fighter’s close range explosion in speed was very shocking, enough to close in and kill a controller.

It was a pity, the sky piercing formation stopped Long Yun, and he couldn’t do anything against Luo Feng!

And Luo Feng had used even soul attacks, yet he couldn’t do anything against Long Yun!

These two were at a stalemate!

Minutes and seconds passed and the arena space gradually shrank, the longest one of these pinnacle fights lasted was 10 minutes, the arena would continue to shrink till its diameter was but 1m. This was to stop a controller from constantly flying far away, a constant rule throughout.

“Damn!”

“Luo Feng’s in trouble.”

“As the arena continues to shrink more, there will be only 1km in diameter left, Luo Feng circling space will shrink too, it will be very disadvantageous to him.”

When there was only 100m in diameter left, Luo Feng could only force a smile.

100m?

At star level 9, just one step could close that distance. The more important thing was that Long Yun’s domain maintained the highest of pressures within an area of 50m. Considering that the arena’s diameter was only 100m now, his pressure almost covered the entire arena space! That meant, that no matter where Luo Feng flew to avoid him, he would still be in the domain.

In terms of domain pressures, no one was Long Yun’s match Even Bolan would have been weaker.

“Peng! Peng! Peng!” In that little area, Long Yun’s face flushed red. He was madly dancing with the huge axe, the domain pressure had completely stifled Luo Feng, persevering until the space had only a diameter of 50m left, Luo Feng finally fell.

……

His loss seemed unfair, yet not unfair at all.

It was unfair because if the space hadn’t shrunk, Long Yun would never have gotten the chance to close in and kill him.

It wasn’t unfair because in terms of law comprehension and fusion and usage, his opponent was indeed stronger in every way!

The top 5 had been picked out, they were Bolan, Qian Shui, Ai Chen, Wuka and Long Yun. 3 men and 2 ladies.

“Very exciting, these 5’s battles have indeed been exciting with many surprises.” The green armored purple scaled man smiled and looked at the 1000 youths, “Everyone take a rest, in a second, these 5 will engage in a winner’s round duel. The rules are…everyone of the 5 will have to battle each of the other 4. Each victory will get 1 point, and the final points will determine the top 1 and 2.”

……

After a while.

Luo Feng lifted some tea and drank, Rong Jun sat beside him and both of them watched the distant battles in the arenas.

“What a pity.” Rong Jun sighed, “You actually reached the sky piercing formation. You definitely had the power to make it to number 2.”

“If one said that Long Yun was strong in defense, than you Ron Jun are strong in offense! If you hadn’t met Bolan, you could have the chance to make it to number 2.” Luo Feng laughed too.

These two exchanged glances and laughed.

These two were both strong willed and well planned people. Luo Feng insisted on his path of a controller while Rong Jun insisted on his own created techniques. Each road had trillions of pathways, the main thing was being committed to one’s choice. Afterall any road could lead to becoming an absolute strong warrior. The only fear would be that in doubting oneself.

In this genius battle, the two of them were considered unlucky.

One of them met Bolan, while the other lost due to the shrinking of arena

It had ended.

The journey for both of them had ended here, as they were finally able to reach within the top 10.

“This Long Yun sure is strong.” Rong Jun exclaimed, as he looked at him defeat the Manka prince in the arena.

“His domain fusion is stronger than you, however his axe work, cannot compare to your blade work.” Luo Feng said, “Look, that Qian shui…is really powerful, she won.”

“She’s the only controller of the top 5. However, her attack strength obviously cannot compare to your sky piercing formation. If you were there, you could have easily defeated Qian Shui.” Rong Jun said.

While they chatted and watched the battles.

The matches passed by quickly. Soon, the final results were out.

Bolan, after four consecutive victories, he became the undisputed number 1!

Long Yun, with 3 wins 1 loss, became number 2! He lost against Bolan. Bolan’s bladework was simply too fast and vicious.

……

Bolan gained the right to enter the primal secret area, and everybody accepted that.

As for Long Yun entering the primal secret area, that aroused many people’s suspicion. After all, Jia Lai Xi, Luo Feng, Rong Jun were all comparable to him. However if any of these made it into the primal secret area, they too would have aroused the same suspicion

Similarly, without any clear exceptional lead, everybody wouldn’t be convinced.

……

The 1,000 geniuses and 1,008 undyings stood in the plaza and listened to the purple armored purple scaled man speak.

“Number 1 and 2.”

“Numbers 3 to 10.”

“Numbers 11 to 100.”

“Numbers 101 to 1000.”

“The 4 levels have been picked out. This times pinnacle genius competition of humans, has ended perfectly today.” The green armored purple scaled man smiled, “You all have been a very exceptional batch. I believe that in 10 to 100 eras, there will be many of you whose names alone will shake the entire universe.”

“Later there will be a specialist contacting you to take you to our Virtual Universe Company’s main headquarters. There, you will gather and later head to the primal universe.

“From today on, your paths will no longer be ordinary.”

“Our Virtual Universe Company will use our full strength to assist you. As for whether you become powerful beings who shake the entire universe, or normal warriors, or die mid way, it all depends on yourself. Work hard, your path to become strong has just begun!” The green robed purple scaled man’s voice resounded in everyone’s minds.

This genius competition had finally ended!


Chapter 440: Distance

The genius battle had finally ended. Whether it was the mighty 9 Blade Knight or the 1,008 undyings, they all left immediately.

Luo Feng and the 1,000 youths still remained there as the worker beside them shouted, “Everybody please stay for awhile. We still have some matters to discuss with you all regarding us taking you to the Virtual Universe Company headquarters.

After a while.

Within restaurant number two in the plaza, Luo Feng and the 1,000 geniuses sat in the meeting room.

“Let me introduce myself, I am Mana.” At about 2.67m, wearing a smile with a streak on his neck, the man stood at the front of the meeting room, “As our Virtual Universe Company has to arrange for the universe ships to specially go receive you all, can everybody please fill up the paper in front of you with the correct planet address, and I will collect them.”

Luo Feng picked up the pen and began to write, “Ganwu universe country, Black Dragon Mountain starfield, Milky way galaxy, “Bai Lan star.”

The 1,000 youths from the many universe countries were writing.

“Do we even need this? Just tell us where to gather and we’ll take our own ships and head over, wouldn’t that do?”

“Right, there’s no need to pick us up, it’s troublesome.”

Among the group there were some shouting.

Mana smiled and said, “As the travel will pass many universe countries, it is very very far away, and the normal universe ships travel very slow within the dark universe. To actually reach our company’s headquarters, would require a very long time. To save everybody’s time, naturally, our Virtual Universe Company will specially arrange for the best universe ships to receive you!”

“This 1,000 here, the one that’s the furthest from our headquarters is 1.5 billion light years away.” Mana smiled, “And the ratio of distance between the dark universe compared to the real universe is 1:10081 thousand times. Even if one moved at light speed all the way, it would still require 150 years to reach.”

Silence!

The initially bustling meeting room went silent. Even Luo Feng who was seriously filling out the form couldn’t help but look up.

150 years?

“My god, 150 years?” A beast man who looked like a lion in the corner exclaimed as he was shocked. “The longest I’ve sat in a universe ship and travelled was for only about two months, this 150 years…”

The universe was too huge.

Back then, just heading from earth to Horned dragon star, by utilizing that universe travel within the Black Dragon Mountain star field, required about half a month.

And that was only one starfield!

Above the starfield, was the bigger star sector, and every star sector was incredibly vast! That farthest away from the headquarters being 1.5 billion light years, wasn’t an exaggeration at all.

“If everybody took their own ships.”

“1st point would be that the speed is too slow, hence it would require too much time.”

“2nd point would be that due to long period of travel, the amount of energy wasted by the ship would be shocking.”

“3rd and also the most important point is that when you travel in the dark universe, there are some special spots which are not safe, you’ll meet universe pirates. Or even some other races that will rob you. To all here, safety is of utmost importance.” On the stage, Mana smiled, “Right now the best normal universe ships can at most do a couple of times light speed in the dark universe. This means that the travel would still take far too long.”

Luo Feng nodded.

By reaching light speed in the actual universe, according to the rules of calculation, one could immediately reach the dark universe. However, there was a base speed but no upper limit. As long as your ship was good enough, one could reach even faster, 1 time? 2 times? 3 times light speed?

If your universe ship was good enough, you could reach that speed in the dark universe.

A C grade Black Dragon Mountain ship could reach up to 1.5 times the light speed in the dark universe. Even with that speed, for a distance of 1.5 billion light years, one would still have to fly continuously for a 100 years.

“Du!”

“Collection complete.” Beams of light landed on each person’s paper, and a screen appeared at the front of the meeting room. On it was a large galaxy map, and beside it were complicated numbers and symbols. Mana took a look and turned back to the 1,000 geniuses, smiling, “Attention all, your written addresses have all been recorded in our file. According to your 1,000 different locations and our ship resources, we’ve already chosen the best route for each of you.”

“How long will it take?”

“How long will it take for us to reach the virtual universe headquarters?” A few couldn’t help but ask.

Luo Feng creased his eyebrows too and stared at Mana on the stage.

150 years? 100 years? No matter what it was, it was still too long.

“As you all have different distances, the arranged ships will travel at different speeds too, I can still guarantee you that the maximum travel time will be 3 years.”

“3 years?”

“So short?”

“How is that possible? How fast can that universe ship reach for it to travel 1.5 billion light years in 3 years?” The 1000 geniuses including Luo Feng all mostly stared wide eyed. They were anything but naïve, even Luo Feng who had participated in 2 Ganwu auctions was shocked.

3 years of travelling in the dark universe, with a distance of 1.5 billion light years, that meant the ship could reach 50 times light speed!

This was simply an unbelievable number.

A C grade ship was normally a little above 1 time. Even an E grade ship was probably just a few times, like Luo Feng’s acquired automaton ship, that level of technology was much more than a regular human’s 3 grade ship. However that automaton ship could at most travel 10 times light speed in the dark universe.

“Our Virtual Universe Company will arrange an F grade ships for everybody.” Mana smiled, “And these aren’t the easily purchasable F grade ships. But rather…special F grade ships that are only manufactured in the Virtual Universe Company. The technology far exceeds that of regular F grade ships within universe countries.”

Silence.

Stunned.

Shocked.

F grade ship, the Yun Mo Planet master Hu Yan Bo spent countless amounts of wealth to get one F grade ship. Many undyings couldn’t even afford it. Just from those two facts, one could see how expensive and valuable an F grade ship was. Within the many star field empires, like the Black Dragon Mountain empire, there wasn’t even one F grade ship in the entire empire.

Even though the universe countries normally had it, the majority of the F grade ships couldn’t even reach 50 times light speed in the dark universe.

“Incredible!” Sitting on Luo Feng’s right was the Manka prince.

The Manka prince Wuka stared at Mana on the stage and said softly, “Really incredible. It actually, actually can send 1,000 F grade ships, and all of them with such technology. My imperial father had said before that the Virtual Universe Company’s technology is like the sacred land for humanity’s technology. But that’s just simply too incredible.”

Among the groups in humanity, the Virtual Universe Company’s technology ranked first!

Even in the vast universe, within countless races, those who were actually be able to compete with the Virtual Universe Company’s technology were far and few. Only races like the automaton race or other very few races had such level.

“Mr Mana, can we buy these F grade ships?” Someone shouted.

“Right, can we buy them?” The manka prince shouted.

“These are internal items of our Virtual Universe Company. As core members within our company, you all can definitely purchase them. However you can only use them for yourselves. You can’t sell it to others…if you want to sell, you have to sell it back to our Virtual Universe Company.” Mana smiled, “The only thing is that these F grade ships are too expensive. Even among the undyings, many of them can’t afford them. You all shouldn’t be too anxious, train hard and when you become absolute warriors within our company, the company may just give you one altogether.”

A group of the youths smiled immediately.

Absolute warriors Were given an F grade universe ship?

To actually be allocated one, just what level of strength did one have to reach. To these bunch of star level punks, that was indeed too far away.

“Awesome.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but mutter.

“Sigh, Madman.” The manka prince Wuka beside turned over and said softly, “Don’t listen to this guys boast so much. There’s no such thing as a free meal in the universe. If you want to receive one, you’d definitely have to pay for it in one way or another, that’s what my father said! However let me tell you, the Virtual Universe Company is definitely a sacred land for the human race, with countless treasures and techniques. It’s a pity we didn’t enter the primal secret area, but it’s still ok. We’ve entered the Absolute beginning area, there are many perks there too. You’ll know in the future.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

“Let me inform you all.” Mana smiled, “The top 1,000 ranks, the prize money for each is being sent now, please go check your bank accounts when you return.”

“As for now, everyone can leave. When our Virtual Universe Company sends a special letter to you all later to inform you of the pickup time, please be present at the written addresses and be ready. Don’t let us not be able to find you.” Mana smiled, “So then, go back and accompany your family and friends. Very soon, you’ll all be leaving your home for a long period of time.”

The bustling meeting room became silent suddenly.

Right.

They’d have to leave their homes for a long time. Just heading to the headquarters alone took 3 years, and that was in the expensive F grade universe ship they sent. One had to say, facing the vast universe…just the travel alone took up a shocking amount of time.

Human silhouettes began to vanish from the meeting room, everyone left.

After leaving, Luo Feng’s consciousness once again entered the virtual universe and entering at the set location of Black Dragon Mountain island 9 star bay district.

Hu!

He appeared in the grass patch, there was however no one at all there.

“They are all not around?” Luo Feng shook his head and laughed, “Right, I haven’t told them about the competition ending today.” The genius competition wasn’t broadcasted publicly. The footage was edited and cut after everything to produce the best and most exciting footage to broadcast. Afterall many battles happened simultaneously, and they happened very quickly.

“My wife should be at her company now.” Luo Feng sat in a chair in the grass patch. Her company headquarters seemed to have moved to the Ganwu continent, truly fierce.”

Xu Xin was originally very good at business. Opening a business on earth didn’t give her much accomplishment, hence she entered the virtual universe and opened it there. This virtual universe…was humanity’s largest market in the universe as it gathered 1,008 universe countries’ almost 100% of elites. Hence there were many companies in the virtual universe. With Luo Feng’s financial support, Xu Xin had enough capital and grew very quickly.

“Little Hai and Ping Ping should be at the Ganwu dojo, or playing virtual games.” Luo Feng muttered, “My parents should be playing virtual games too. Who knows how they came to like the chinese immortals kind of virtual games.”

The virtual universe had tens of thousands of different kind of games.

Types like the chinese immortals, even though the names may vary, but many were similar. His parents came to like them, his dad even shouted, “I’ve always thought of such a day when I was young, that I’d be able to experience virtual games like these, this is so thrilling.” His parents were happy, naturally Luo Feng didn’t bother them.

“I need to go. I’m going to leave my home for a very long time.” Luo Feng’s feelings were complex. He could kind of understand Hong’s thoughts back then.

“Big brother! You are back?” Suddenly a voice resounded. From the balcony of a distant 3 storey villa, Luo Hua was looking over and shouted.


Chapter 441: Farewell

His little brother was extremely excited, and he swiftly contacted everyone else. They all arrived shortly. Even Hong and Thunder god arrived.

“What, Little Feng, you are leaving for so long?” His mother Gong Xin Lan couldn’t help but exclaim. Because of the large amounts of treasures that helped alter and enhance them from the inside out, whether it was his mother or father, they both still looked very young, like they were in their 30s.

“That’s pretty long.” His father Luo Hong Guo couldn’t help but say too.

“The most important thing is.” His little brother Luo Hua said, “Just the travel alone will be 3 years, and returning will take another 3 years. And you have to stay at the headquarters for a long time. Just the primal universe participation will take 100 years! This, this is simply…”

Luo Feng sat there, feeling uncomfortable.

He had just received the e-mail from the Virtual Universe Company informing him that they would pick him up in 12 days time from Bailan star. Within the e-mail it spoke of the participation within the primal universe being 30 years. However the time flow in there was different compared to outside, as the time flowed slower within that space.

30 years in the primal universe would mean a 100 years in the actual universe.

The good news was that even though he was within the primal universe, he could still enter the virtual universe network.

“Hm?” Luo Feng felt his hand being squeezed. He turned to look at his wife Xu Xin beside him, who was still dressed in her office attire. She held his hands, and her eyes filled with reluctance.

“Alright, be good.” Luo Feng gently touched the back of her hand.

“Dad, mum, it’s actually not as serious as you think. Even though I’m leaving earth, I can still enter the virtual universe once in awhile.” He forced out a smile, “The virtual universe 100% simulation is no different from meeting in reality.”

“Even though it says 100%, however, daddy, it’s still not reality.” Luo Hai couldn’t help but say.

Luo Feng extended his hand and pulled his two sons over.

……

He couldn’t bear to leave them.

He really couldn’t bear to leave his whole family behind. However Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan had both experienced the great Nirvana era. Luo Hua and the others too experienced the swallowing beast disaster etc…disasters that happened to earth time and again, along with their perceptions widening with more information from the universe, they understood that what he was doing was right.

“Third Brother, you are doing the right thing.” In the grass patch in front of Luo Feng’s house, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god stood together.

“I see it clearly.” Dressed in all black, Hong gazed far away, “Back during the great nirvana when I was young, I saw the many painful scenes of countless fellow people dying. I understood that someone from us had to stand out. We couldn’t survive without anyone taking the lead! Hence I built the Dojo of Limits, built the competition structure and raised the strength of human fighters.”

“However!”

“The universe is tens of thousands of times more dangerous than just earth.” Hong exclaimed, “The competition will be even more intense. Just look, even though there are trillions of human races, some of the races have completely been enslaved.”

Luo Feng nodded, Thunder god nodded too.

“Why have they been enslaved? It’s because they didn’t have any true absolute warrior from their race. Their race itself isn’t strong enough!” Hong shook his head, “If their race had just one undying, even if that undying wasn’t within their area, but somewhere else in the universe, just one undying alone…would scare off the slave traders and intimidate others!”

“1 aboriginal race.”

“If an aboriginal race enters the universe for the first time, there are usually three outcomes. 1 is to be stepped on and become subservient, which was still ok. The 2nd outcome is to immediately be enslaved, just like goods and sold around, the females will be sold as waitresses etc while the men will be sent to do dangerous level of work. The 3rd outcome…is to rise up and become a strong race within the universe of humans. Just like our earth now!”

“Earth people, they haven’t been enslaved and haven’t been stepped on!”

“Because of third brother!” Hong looked at Luo Feng, “You, you are the leader of the milky way galaxy! The leader of the milky way galaxy is a person from earth, and this leader has even entered the core of the Virtual Universe Company, along with a very high position within, which was the Absolute beginning secret area. Even the Black Dragon Mountain empire wouldn’t dare mess around, even the Ganwu universe country has to respect you. With such influence, who’d dare bully or mess with the people of earth? Who’d dare?”

Luo Feng took a deep breath.

“Third brother, you’ve done well.” Hong took a deep breath and said, “For a human race to rise up, especially during its early stages means that someone had to stand out, someone had to lead and take that bold first step!”

“Third brother, Thunder god and I, we are still weak right now!”

“You are doing well right now because of the genius battle. However…genius doesn’t mean one is strong.” Hong emphasized, “People do not dare mess with you because of your position and reputation. However the moment you fall, with our little strength, how will we protect earth?”

Even universe level slaves could be bought in the market. Hong and Thunder god were only star level, how could they protect earth?

“Hence!”

“Third brother, we have to rely on you now to carry the burden.” Hong emphasized, “We both will work hard too. In 10,000 years, earth will have the three of us to protect it. By then, earth itself would have produced generations of strong warriors. Then its power will rise greatly and when it’s that strong, we wouldn’t have to rely on one person to intimidate others.”

When a race could produce universe levels one generation after another, occasionally producing a domain lord, no slave trader would dare mess with them anymore.

“Work hard!” Hong emphasized.

“Relax, Thirdie, we will chase up to you very quickly.” Thunder god laughed.

“We three will work hard together.” Luo Feng smiled too.

To earth, this was a very important era.

An era of great change.

Whether the people of earth would be placed in the middle levels amongst the countless human races, or be stepped on right at the bottom, doing the most tedious and dangerous works, getting the least amounts of pay or even nothing as slaves…it all depended on these 10,000 years! And Hong, Thunder god and Luo Feng, these three had long realized this.

They were earth’s strongest, if they didn’t take this burden, who else would?

Night.

Yangzhou city Westlake courtyard, the moonlight was mesmerizing as it was shining through the window into the bedroom.

Inside the bedroom, a thin blanket covered two bodies which were wrapped tightly around each other, almost as though they were venting out all their reluctance madly. After some time…

Luo Feng wore his pajamas and walked onto the balcony, looking up at the sky and the moon.

This was the moon of his home!

Earth’s moon!

And in the coming hundred years or so, he wouldn’t be able to witness this scene.

“You are leaving tomorrow?” Similarly dressed in her pajamas, Xu Xin hugged Luo Feng from behind as she gently snuggled to his back.

“Yes.”

Luo Feng gently nodded, “Sor…sorry.”

“What are you sorry about, we are an old couple already.” Xu Xin walked to his side, looking at the moonlight, she laughed, “Time passes so quickly. In the blink of an eye, we’ve been married for over 10 years.”

“It is indeed fast.” Luo Feng nodded.

They had been married for over 10 years. These 10 years, with the sea creatures invading the bases, with the swallowing beast disaster, with the Nuolan Shan family invading earth, with the world within the world fight for treasures, and the recent 5-6 years of the genius battle… his wife had quietly supported him from the shadows throughout these ordeals.

“I still remember back in high school.” Xu Xin smiled. “You were still a student at the dojo.”

“You were still a plain and simple lady back then.” Luo Feng laughed.

“The main thing was my grandfather made me attend a normal high school, not some expensive private school.” Xu Xin said, “And he also restricted me from revealing my family roots, or talk about love or anything. owever honestly, the reason our Xu family was able to rise up was indeed because of my grandfather. He’s a very knowledgeable man.”

Luo Feng nodded.

During the Great Nirvana, when the bases were first built, the Xu family initially didn’t have much background, but because of her grandfather’s hard work, they made it to this level. He was indeed an exceptional figure.

“Back then you used to secretly look at me from behind.” Xu Xin smiled.

“Haha.” Luo Feng laughed too.

“You were even caught many times. The moment you got caught, you’d get shy. Even I wasn’t like that.” Xu Xin couldn’t help but say.

……

The married couple spoke a lot during the night. They even left Yangzhou city and flew to many places on earth to look around.

They went to Egypt to see the pyramids, to the ancient Great wall, looking at the traces of the wilderness breaking into the city.

Finally they stood before the yellow river.

The water creatures were plenty within. Luo Feng stood by the shore and grabbed some soil from the ground and used a bowl to store some of the river water. He then kept it within his storage ring. Beside him, Xu Xin watched this quietly.

“Let’s go, we’ll go back.” Luo Feng gripped Xu Xin’s hand.

Sou!

His domain became a light net, becoming a golden shooting star and heading towards Yangzhou city.

……

2071 September 18th.

The pinnacle of the humans of earth, Luo Feng sat in the universe ship and left earth. This trip was going to be a very long one, and by the time he returned, the world would have changed drastically.

Bailan star.

“Master!” His slave guards said respectfully.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng turned to look at his two soul slaves. Both of them were universe level 9s. He said seriously, “Di Fan, Bai Kalo, this time I’m heading to the primal universe located within the Virtual Universe Company’s headquarters. I have no way to bring anyone along. Hence I have to leave both of you on earth.”

“Understood.”

Di Fan and Bai Kalo nodded.

“I’ve already passed all the techniques to you. If you do not understand anything, you can enter the virtual universe network and contact me.” Luo Feng said seriously, “I think, with your talents…and the techniques I’ve given you, the next time I see you you’ll both have entered the domain lord level.”

The two slaves had extremely high talents. Only thing was that one was a slave before and the other one had a teacher that was Nuolan Shan. Without a proper teacher, you wouldn’t get good techniques. Many strong warriors in the universe lacked good teachers and techniques, as a good teacher’s instructions could raise the efficiency of a strong warrior being produced by ten times.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng turned to the distance. An ancient translucent black long blade like simple ship descended from above.

“I have to go.” Luo Feng turned and looked seriously at Di Fan and Bai Kalo, “When I’m not around, help me to protect my family. As for earth’s safety…with the intimidation of the Virtual Universe Company, no one would dare come mess with earth.”

“Yes, master.”

Di Fan and Bai Kalo replied respectfully.

Following which Luo Feng flew directly towards that simple ship.


Chapter 442: Yu Xiang Mountain

This was a long ship that was about 600m in length. Its width was also close to 100m. As a battle blade shaped universe ship, it’s entire body was black. Facing this ship, it gave off a faint sense of ancient energy, almost as though it had existed in the flows of time for a very long period of time.

The cold winter wind blew and the snow fell heavily.

Amidst the snow, Luo Feng walked towards the ship.

Jade essence, this is a F grade ship made of jade essence.” Within his consciousness Babatas shocked voice resounded.

“I know it’s F grade.” Luo Feng replied. As he looked ahead, a group of people flew out of the ship’s cabin door, leading them was one similar in appearance to that of earth’s humans. He was dressed in dark armor. The skinny old man with a roman nose had intrepid short hair. As he smiled, one could even see an ice mark on his forehead.

That energy feeling that dominated the sky and land. This made Luo Feng understand that this was a sector lord that had gained the recognition of the universe origin laws.

“Shawu greets your majesty!” The skinny old man bowed slightly.

“Greetings to your majesty!”

Behind him were a group of domain lords and universe levels that were incomparably respectful to Luo Feng and bowing.

“Your majesty?” Luo Feng was taken aback.

“It looks like your majesty is still oblivious to many things.” The skinny old man laughed, “Your majesty, we’ll first enter the ship. The entire trip to the Virtual Universe Company takes three full years, we cannot waste any time.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Under the protection of this group, he entered the F grade ship. The interior of this ship was enormous, the entire space for the defense mechanism of this ship was the main cabin itself. There were even cabins laid out throughout the lower decks. At this time, Luo Feng flew into a 300m long and 60m wide luxurious hall.

Comfortable sofa, enticing wine, precious fruits, all were already laid out. At the back were even beautiful waitresses awaiting his command.

“Your majesty, please sit.” The skinny old man smiled.

Luo Feng sat down facing the skinny old man.

“This place is not bad.” Luo Feng looked around and nodded, “This F grade universe ship with its entire body made of Jade essence is definitely a treasure!”

“Your majesty has good taste.” The old man’s smile got even wider, “This is the F6 grade Jade essence. The sides of the ships are extremely sharp and even infused with origin laws, incredibly piercing. Once it accelerates, it can immediately pierce right through a planet. Also, going through planets doesn’t even affect its speed much.”

Luo Feng nodded.

This was similar to the Yun Mo Planet ship. When one compared the the materials it was constructed from, the Yun Mo Planet ship was actually still a little stronger.

“Mr Shawu, what’s this about you calling me your majesty?” Luo Feng asked curiously.

“Looks like your majesty has many points to uncover.” The skinny old man smiled, “Let me first introduce myself. I, Shawu, am a sector lord from the Virtual Universe Company’s last phase secret area.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Last Phase secret area?

There were four large secret areas. Their names were actually very easy to understand. Take a world’s change and evolution for instance, it would first begin in the Primal phase, and later slowly begin to reach the Absolute beginning, and finally expanding and forming the skies and land. Hence heaven and land and right before it dies, it reaches the Last Phase.

Primal, Absolute beginning, Heaven and land, Last Phase, it was simply the process of evolution of a world.

“Our Virtual Universe Company’s core members are very few.” The skinny old man smiled. “Absorbing these core members usually has three ways of doing so. One is from the genius battles, picking the strongest from the universe’s most elite. Another is the company’s internal nurturing of their own elites and the last is a small number of sector lords being selected and absorbed.”

“Small number of sector lords?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Sector lords, even they didn’t have the worth to become core members.

“Hm.” The skinny old man nodded, “As normal sector lords usually have no chance of breaking through to the undying, or some not even gaining the recognition of the origin laws. How could the company respect or even absorb them? After all, there are simply too many sector lords in the company.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but nod.

Right, the Ganwu universe country alone had millions of sector lords. Then compared to one of the 5 great leviathans the Virtual Universe Company? A hundred times of a universe country? Or even more?

“The true elites and warriors, only they can become core members.” The skinny old man smiled. “As for the term your majesty…In the four secret areas within, the Last Phase secret area belongs to the most outer layer. The members in this area, as long as they meet any other members from the other three secret areas, even if their ranks are lower than undying, we have to call you all your majesties!”

“And your majesty has entered the Absolute beginning secret area. Hence, your rank is much higher.” The skinny old man smiled, “Also, those normal helpers who are not in the core, if they meet any members under undying, they also have to call them your majesties.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng nodded.

Your Majesty?

In the universe, these were normally emperors or kings that received such titles. Obviously the Virtual Universe Company core members that were below undying level were comparable to emperors and kings, given the hope of becoming the next ultimate warriors. In terms of position, they were much higher than those universe country princes. Those princes almost had no hopes of ever succeeding the throne!

“Your majesty, let’s enter the virtual universe together.” The skinny old man smiled, “I’ll take you to the Virtual Universe Company headquarters.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

The universe ship had long began its universe transfer through the dark universe. It’s speed was rising continuously, until it reached 20 times light speed and later maintaining this speed as it progressed.

Luo Feng first entered the ship’s most luxurious resting room, and later his consciousness entered the virtual universe network.

……

Right now Luo Feng had the status of a core member. Hence his virtual assistant Babata automatically gained a feature. The moment he entered the virtual universe, he could immediately be transferred to a special location.

“Teleport!”

Hu!

Luo Feng vanished from the Black Dragon Mountain island 9 star bay.

……

Virtual universe headquarters.

It was a mountain peak covered in clouds and mist and was incredibly huge, even more so than a planet in real life. A person suddenly appeared within one of its stone paths, it was Luo Feng. “Hm?” Luo Feng glanced around.

There were many people in the distance and also on this path. There were also many constructs all around him and on his left there were many beautiful villas.

“Your Majesty. A silhouette ran over from afar, it was Shawu.

“Mr Shawu.” Luo Feng smiled and shouted.

“Your Majesty.” The skinny old man smiled, “This entire space is our Virtual Universe Company’s virtual headquarters. Actually, compared to the real headquarters, the virtual headquarters is more bustling. As there are many huge figures here who can’t always stay within the real headquarters.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Come.”

The skinny old many brought Luo Feng about to sightsee, “This is a mountain peak that floats and it is named Yu Xiang mountain. Its diameter alone is about 89,000 km.”

“That big!” Luo Feng was shocked.

The earth’s diameter was only about 10,000km, and this mountain peak alone was 7 times that of earth.

“Of course it has to be big. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be enough space for the training spaces.” The skinny old man laughed, “The entire Yu Xiang Mountain is separated into 5 regions. Each for the Primal, the Absolute beginning, Heaven and land and Last Phase regions along with the Public region. These 5 regions are about the same size.”

“Of which, the Primal region has less than 120 people.”

“The Absolute beginning region has about 1,000 people.”

“The Heaven and land region has about 10,000 people.”

“And the Last Phase region has over 10 million people.” The skinny old man said, “As for the public region, they are filled with shops and entertainment etc. Any one from the other 4 regions can enter there. Right…your majesty, the Primal region, Absolute beginning region, Heaven and land region, and Last phase region, none of the members can enter regions other than their own.

Luo Feng nodded, curious, “You said that the area of each region is about the same, the Primal region has less than 120 people, yet the Last Phase region has over 10 million?”

“This is ranking.”

The skinny old man exclaimed, “The internal department of the company picks out the elites to enter the core, these all enter the Last phase. A few exceptional sector lords that get absorbed in also enter the Last phase! The genius battles and warrior competitions mostly enter the Last phase too…hence this results in the last phase having the most people. The living quarters of the last phase are skyscrapers, and everyone gets an apartment.”

“Within the Heaven and land region, everyone gets their own villa.”

“Within the Absolute beginning region, everyone gets their own training space, their own learning grounds etc, these are considered very luxurious.”

“The Primal region however, with less than 120 people, they get villas and mansions with territories of diameters over 10,00km. Within them they have training facilities and they even have specially placed undying teachers stationed long term there. They also have large amounts of helpers and staff to be called over at anytime to help in training etc.” The skinny old man’s eyes were filled with envy. Luo Feng was stunned.

The difference in treatment was too huge. The last phase stayed in skyscrapers, the Heaven and land got villas, the Absolute beginning got villas and training areas, the Primal region however…my god, building a huge villa with a diameter over 1,000km. What kind of villa was this? It was bigger than any base on earth during the Great Nirvana! It was simply an empire! And they even have undyings specially stationed there?

“The primal area has less than 120 people. The number of sector lords there doesn’t exceed 100. Every sector lord who are present there, in the universe they would be considered to be at the pinnacle and invincible.” The skinny old man smiled, “They are all the true elites of the country, getting this kind of treatment wasn’t strange at all.”

Under Shawu’s instructions, Luo Feng got a good understanding of the entire Yu Xiang Mountain. This was where the core members under the undying level of the Virtual Universe Company gathered…

……

Standing on a precipitous mountain stone, the skinny old many pointed to the distant clouds where an incredibly huge island floated. It was surrounded by lightning snakes. “See, that’s Lightning island, also named Undying island. It’s a hundred to a thousand times bigger than Yu Xiang mountain. All the undyings from the Virtual Universe Company normally live there. If one said that Yu Xiang mountain was were the geniuses and core members under undying level gathered, then Lightning island was were the truly strong gathered. It was the undying gathering area.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng looked at the Lightning island amidst the clouds, nodding.

That place was named as one of the sacred lands of the all the universe humans.

“Your majesty, I’ll send you to the Absolute beginning region, of course I can only send you to the entrance.” The skinny old man smiled, “Even though the benefits of the Absolute beginning region are slightly lousier than the Primal region, however it is still the second best. The living quarters you’ve been assigned to, once you see it you’ll understand why countless people are vying hard to get in. And the absolute beginning rank is assigned only to a little more than a 1,000. On average, one for every universe country.”

Absolute beginning region, let’s go!” Luo Feng couldn’t wait anymore.


Chapter 443: This is a Treasure Trove!

Yu Xiang Mountain, it was where they gathered the core members under undying level.

Lightning island was where all the undyings of the Virtual Universe Company gathered. It was the gathering point of the those with highest authority.

Walking in the public region, he would see sector lords everywhere, easily spotting up to 100 of them. And 99% of them were recognized by their law origins, with marks on their foreheads.

“Sector lords that gain the recognition of their origin laws, in the Black Dragon Mountain star field, they would be at the level of Jiang Tian Chen.” Luo Feng exclaimed, “However in the Virtual Universe Company, even though they were such a great leviathan, they only barely received the right to enter the Last phase secret area. There were probably over a hundred million sector lords that can’t even enter the core!”

No wonder during the genius battle, even for the top 1,000, one of the three great prizes was to become a core member.

After a while, they reached a spacious quiet limestone road. The sides of the path were covered with flowers. Through the flowers’ organization and arrangement, one could make out the words in universe language, “Absolute beginning region.”

“Di!”

The skinny old man’s body glimmered slightly and he couldn’t proceed further. He had to shout out, “Your majesty, I’m no longer able to proceed any further. Follow this path and the region ahead is the Absolute beginning region. There’ll be managers there to lead you within.”

“Thank you Mr Wusha.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

Following the beautiful and quiet limestone path, smelling the fragrance of the flowers and plants beside, his footsteps got quicker as he moved. After half a minute of walking and about 10km of distance, he reached an incredibly luxurious entrance to the Absolute beginning region. There were many staff around. Seeing Luo Feng approach, one leader stepped forward to invite him over.

“Your Majesty Luo Feng, we’ve been awaiting your arrival.” A beautiful lady with a fox tail was very passionate. There was a fire mark on her forehead, “You can just call me Fox, I am the manager placed specially for the affairs of the Absolute beginning region.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

Actually as this was the virtual universe, things like cleanliness or sweeping, maintenance of the plants and flowers, these could all be easily simulated immediately. However…maybe for the realism effect, these were all 100% simulated, even arranging for a large amount of staff to specially sweep and maintain the gardens, and even service the members.

When one was hungry, he’d have to buy something to eat. When one was thirsty he’d have to buy something to drink, one had to spend money even within his own house even in the virtual universe. Everything that happened here was truly like it would happen in the real world.

As it was too realistic, in the vast universe, many people who were rich and always protected by their ancestors from the beginning, without facing any dangers in their lives, would spend most of their lives in the virtual universe or play virtual games, doing whatever they pleased. Many of them had already treated the virtual universe as their reality.

However!

This type of illusory lives, only few people could actually enjoy it. Afterall, doing anything in the virtual universe still required money. Even maintaining contacts had its usage fees, without funds from their ancestors, one was unable to live such a life.

“Your Majesty Luo Feng, please follow me.” The sector lord Fox smiled and led the way.

Hu! Hu!

The two of them flew up into the sky. As one of the five regions, its area was huge. Afterall, even though it was 1/5 of the entire Yu Xiang Mountain, it was still bigger than the entire surface area of earth! And this whole area was given to only a little more than a thousand people to live in.

“The Absolute beginning region, has a total of 1,138 members.” Flying in mid air, Lady Fox pointed below. Within this region there are many training spaces, Libraries, restaurants etc. As for the living quarters, they are all right at the back. The 1,138 villas, every one of them with a length of 98km and width of 81km.”

Luo Feng was shocked when he heard this.”

98km long and 81km wide, such a huge villa was simply too extravagant. This was the treatment for the people of Absolute beginning, and the lowest last phase region had to live in apartments. The highest level primal region had areas of diameters over 1,000km.

“Your majesty Luo Feng’s villa is number 1136.” Lady Fox pointed at a distant incredibly quiet villa. It obviously looked very ancient, and on its walls were many different kinds of plants.

Sou! Sou!

The two descended.

“Your majesty!” The large door of the villa was 100m high. Two 6m tall bull giants bowed respectfully.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” Lady fox smiled, “As a member of the Absolute beginning secret area, your guards form a large team. This team comprises of a general, 10 captains and 100 soldiers. Of which, the general is a sector lord of the Last phase secret area, the 10 captains are domain lords and the 100 soldiers are universe level. In the virtual universe, they’ll be stationed here by your majesty. In reality, they will similarly protect your majesty and listen to your command.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, feeling shocked within.

Even though he had heard from Rong Jun earlier, however actually seeing it was pretty shocking.

Two domain lords, guarded the doors.

One guard team, the leader of the group was a sector lord recognized by the origin laws!

However, according to the news he acquired before…the guard team of the Absolute beginning member paled in comparison to the Primal members. Their guard team was led by an undying!

“Other than the guard team, there are 100 helpers and staff standing by within the villa to assist you.” Lady fox smiled and said. At this time a gust of wind blew over as a group of people suddenly appeared at the entrance. Leading the group was a bald old man who looked very similar to the people of earth. This bald old man looked at Luo Feng and bowed, “Your Majesty.” The large group of people behind too all bowed respectfully, shouting out simultaneously, “Greetings Your Majesty!”

“This is the leader of the guard team. His full name is Ao Duo Li Ke Wen Sheng Lai Suo.” Lady fox smiled and said.

“Your majesty can simply call me Ao Duo.” The bald old man said.

“Mr Ao Duo, I’ll be in your care from now on.” Luo Feng was respectful.

“Of course.” Ao Duo Li Ke said. Internally he wasn’t fully comfortable though. From the Virtual Universe Company’s arrangement and status ranking, he was indeed lower than Luo Feng, but he was afterall a sector lord recognized by the origin laws. His majesty before him was a genius no doubt, but still not a strong warrior. He may even fall before he reached the sector lord level.

Lady fox said, “Your majesty Luo Feng, then I’ll take my leave. Everything within here, Ao Duo knows well, he’ll inform you if you need.”

“Thank you Lady Fox.” Luo Feng nodded.

Lady Fox immediately became a beam of light a vanished into the distance.

“Your Majesty, please.” Ao Duo Li Ke led the way and Luo Feng entered his own villa.

……

Within the villa, with a glance, he was able to see that everything was filled with greenery and looked very natural.

“Over there is your majesty’s training grounds.” Ao Duo pointed at the distant large construct that was sealed. “The entire grounds is 50km long and 30km wide. The height is 300m, and the interiors are all incredibly solid.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded satisfied.

His speed on the dark cloud shuttle was shocking, if the space was too small, he wouldn’t be able to unleash it all. 50km long and 30km wide and 300 tall, that was not bad for a controller, he could get by! Of course such a huge space for a fighter would be too much. What if he wanted a bigger place?

He’d have to get into the Primal secret area. Primal secret area members even had undying teachers stationed there specially for them.

“That’s the swimming pond.” Ao Duo pointed at a large pool at the other side, “The pool is separated into the internal pool and external pool. The internal pool is infused with special qualities. Lying in it can help a tired body recover quickly, and it is further separated into 6 regions according to the temperature of the water. Actually this actually simulates reality…in the actual Absolute beginning secret area, your majesty’s living quarters is even better than here.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, shaking his head, “Unfortunately, it will still take a while to get there.”

His trip in the universe this time was three years long. After three years he’d enter the Primal universe and only after exiting from there would he be able to enter the Absolute beginning secret area.

……

Ao Duo continued to introduce the facilities of the constructs. He pointed to the distant quiet three storey building, “Your majesty, there’s where you’ll spend your regular life. Whatever you want in there, you can arrange for virtual helpers to make it happen according to your likes and hobbies.”

Within the villa, this construct’s 1st level was for welcoming guests. The 2nd level was for fun and the 3rd was a bedroom with a huge screen and other things within. He started changing the system to what he was accustomed to on earth, a laptop like computer, along with some news and the entertainment broadcasts he changed to somewhat like a television. Even the book racks on the side he translated all to mandarin. He also immediately altered a few chairs and bed structures.

“That’s about right.” Luo Feng smiled and sat in the chair.

After which he opened his laptop and opened a Treasure Trove mail.

Di!

Opening it, the screen immediately displayed eight categories. The secret laws, secret weapons, unique treasures, technology weapons, materials, tools, living things and other special types. Every one of these categories had many little subdivisions, like under the living things floated plant life, metal lives, beasts etc, and under techniques were different types…

Tens of millions of categories to open.

“Luo Feng, open the treasure category from the trove.” The fist sized little demon Babata shouted out.

“Hm.” Luo Feng gently tapped.

Immediately a huge blur of countless words appeared along with pictures.

“10k spirit purple blood juice, 120k points for one portion (Primal area 70% of the price, Absolute beginning 80%, Heaven and land 90%, Last phase full price)”

“7 color fruit 100k for 1 portion (Primal area 70% of the price, Absolute beginning 80%, Heaven and land 90%, Last phase full price)”

“Ke Li Crystal 200k for 1 portion (Primal area 70% of the price, Absolute beginning 80%, Heaven and land 90%, Last phase full price)”

……

“My god, my god, it’s… it’s too extravagant, it’s simply bullying people. Even when your teacher wanted to buy them, they limited his portions. Every time he went for the auctions to buy them, they’d be astronomical prices. And they have everything here, requiring only points to exchange for, what bullshit is this points?” Babata shouted, “Open, open the techniques category, soul techniques!”

Luo Feng opened again.

Looking at <7 Starlight>……… looking at all these extremely well reputed techniques in the universe, it was almost as though everything had simply appeared with just one look, and this was only the 1st page.

“Madness, madness.”

“Outside, the undyings are all fighting extremely hard just for a small treasure. Yet, this Virtual Universe Company actually uses some bullshit point system to exchange for them? Points, points, this is completely their internal system, not like cash outside.” The demon Babata was completely agitated.

“Open.”

“Open it for me.” Babata stared and roared.

Luo Feng obediently opened file after file. The numbers were extraordinary, anything one could imagine could be found there. the Virtual Universe Company’s treasure trove list had completely shocked Babata. He already knew the Virtual Universe Company was terrifyingly strong. The master of the Yun Mo Planet who was leading that solitude life as an undying, couldn’t compare to even a strand of hair of this. However looking at these, Babata was still utterly shocked.


Chapter 444: Choice

Even though Luo Feng was shocked after seeing the treasure trove, it was still within his threshold. One of the reasons was because the inherited memories of the golden horned beast were filled with many techniques as well. Naturally those were suited only for golden horned beasts. The second reason was that because of the names of many treasures, Luo Feng didn’t even know what they represented.

Babata was different!

He had followed the Yun Mo Planet master Hu Yan Bo battling over countless galaxies and experiencing life and death situations countless times, having seen too many strong warriors killing each other. He was very clear in regards to the meanings of those names and what they represented.

One of these techniques was enough to make even the Black Dragon Mountain empire crumble.

One of these treasures was enough to make up to 10,000 undyings crazy.

……

Babata was able to see the meanings behind those names, hence he was completely stunned and agitated at the same time.

“Madness, this is too crazy.” The little demon looked at the screen on the laptop. His eyes gleaming with even tears, saying softly, “Big boss, you, if you were willing to lower your head and follow that man back then, even though you would have been only in the outer layers of the Virtual Universe Company, when you became an undying, you’d naturally enter the core, the core of the Virtual Universe Company. How could you have ended up like that then?”

Luo Feng turned to look at the little demon on his shoulder.

“No problem.”

The little demon shook his head, “I’m only exclaiming about your teacher. There’s a saying on earth that goes like this, a stupid bird flies first, however if a smart bird took that first leap and continued to fly, no matter how hard a stupid bird tries, it would never catch up. One theory is that If one starts ahead and continues to lead, naturally he would stand at the pinnacle!”

“Your starting line far exceeds your teacher already.” The little demon exclaimed.

“I’m only a star level. Teacher was even able to create techniques like Soul Imprint, I’m still far behind.” Luo Feng said.

“Right, this kind of mentality is right. Don’t ever get cocky, no matter how impressive the genius battle was, it was only at the star level. This path to be strong has just begun!” The little demon shook his head, “What you must do now is to grab these valuable resources, strengthen yourself, and even more so! Let yourself ditch the others far behind!”

Luo Feng nodded.

Suddenly, the screen’s mail slightly shook, displaying a newly received mail.

Opening the mail.

A mail was received.

“Luo Feng: Congratulations on becoming an Absolute beginning member. The Virtual Universe Company’s training plan for the young generation begins from the universe level. Hence, the first thing you need to do is become universe level. You don’t have to worry about this though. By the time you complete your training in the primal universe, I believe you’d definitely have already broken through.

You’ve been awarded 10,000 points. You can use these points to purchase any item within the treasure trove. As long as you have enough points, you can buy anything.

I suggest that you purchase the techniques you require. This three year journey, utilizing this time frame to train would be the best choice.

Also!

I advise you to not waste any time on training your body and spirit energy.

From the star level 1 to 9, these levels are based more on quantity. However from the star level to the universe level, that’s an evolution of life itself.

From the universe level 1 to 9, domain lord 1 to 9, sector lord 1 to 9, these are all simply quantity and time based!

Star traveller, star level, universe level, domain lord level, sector lord, level breakthroughs, these are all evolutions of life. They belong to one’s essence actually breaking through.

The company will spend money on every one of you, giving each core member an invaluable way to strengthen their bodies and to raise their genetic and spirit energy. This will help one to grow from level 1 to 9 in a short time, allowing one’s body to reach saturation quickly. As for the life evolution itself and breakthrough, that requires each member to work hard to breakthrough themselves.

The company will not let the core members waste time on building just strength itself. For all core members, their time should be used to strengthen their battle ability, to comprehend the origin laws and to learn techniques!

Virtual Universe Company”

This mail wasn’t considered long, but Luo Feng and Babata were both stunned for quite awhile after.

“What?”

“From level 1 to 9, the company will provide the body strengthening?” Luo Feng was in disbelief.

“The sayings, the sayings were all true?” Babata was stunned too.

A strong warrior had to seriously train to absorb energy, this was common knowledge in the universe. However there were countless treasures in the universe, like the life fruit that was able to make a cloud contact vine breakthrough to universe level 2 immediately. Humans couldn’t withstand such powerful treasures, however to the greatest leviathan of the human universe, the Virtual Universe Company, they were able to supply such items to the core members to strengthen themselves.

The moment you broke through to the universe level 1, the company will help you strengthen you to level 9!

The moment you break through to sector lord level 1, the company will help you to reach level 9!

One didn’t have to waste time quietly sitting and absorbing universe energy, there was no need to!

“Wealthy indeed, wealthy.” Babata shook his head, Your teacher’s nest the Yun Mo Planet, is only reserved for the most important disciples. Even then he wouldn’t use it like that. Sector lords level 1 to 9, how much energy does that even require, how many treasures, your teacher’s entire fortune wouldn’t even be enough. No wonder… no wonder the Virtual Universe Company has such strict regulations on its number of core members.”

“Your majesty!”

“Your majesty!” A voice resounded from outside.

“Ao Duo.” Luo Feng walked onto the balcony, looking at the entrance of the 3 storey building, “Something the matter?”

“There are majesties Rong Jun and Wuka outside here to visit.” Ao Duo Li Ke said respectfully.

“Rong Jun, Wuka?” Luo Feng’e eyes gleamed, “I’m coming.”

After a while.

Luo Feng invited Rong Jun and Wuka back into his living room.

“Rong Jun and I were just at the library. Upon hearing that you’ve come, we rushed over to take a look.” The Manka prince Wuka sat on the Sofa, laughing loudly, “This virtual universe is really not bad. The treatment of this Absolute beginning members is even better than the treatment on Manka planet.”

Luo Feng and Rong Jun exchanged glances.

“Vicious.” Luo Feng said, “I got stunned just from looking at the mail.”

“Shock from just the mail? What’s there to be shocked about, you are talking about the Pool of Life?” Wuka said nonchalantly, “On Manka planet, the younger generation are all treated this way. As long as they reach universe level 1, they’ll immediately go bathe in the pool of life and raise to universe level 9. This amount of training…training so much is simply a waste of time. In the universe, it’s not just our Manka planet, there’s also the Huang Shen clan, the Dream shell clan, the Muzu planet…even the 1008 universe countries’ secret areas, the top 10 to 100 geniuses would get such treatment!”

Luo Feng and Rong Jun were both speechless.

He was the prince of Manka, his sights and vision was different.

Luo Feng and Rong Jun were already considered not bad in terms of sights, however even an undying didn’t have such resources to nurture his disciple this way. Only the Ganwu secret area of the Manka planet, this level of super power, their core could get such treatment. And only the top 10 to 100 had such treatment.

Yet, in the Virtual Universe Company, they nurtured up to tens of millions this way!

They were wealthy indeed!

“These are all the external things.” Wuka shook his head, “The Virtual Universe Company can give only so many benefits such as the best environment. As for whether one is actually able to make any achievement, that will still rely on himself!”

“The universe is extremely mysterious, with tens of millions of miracles and sights.”

“However every ten million years, how many absolute warriors can actually stand out?” Wuka exclaimed, “Don’t bother looking, even though there are up to 10 million people on Yu Xiang mountain, with countless sector lords, all with shockingly good conditions. However after ten million years, 99.9% of them would have fallen, while the remaining became undyings! Yet even then most of them are just normal undyings.”

“If you want to become an absolute warrior even amongst the undying!” Wuka shook his head, “Out of a batch in ten million years, trillion years, with so many geniuses being nurtured, and so many falling along the way. As long as they can produce a few absolute beings, that would be considered a success!”

“Our batch of 1,000, according to the records of history, in ten million years, there won’t even be 10 of us left.” Wuka said.

……

The 3 chatted for a long time, feeling the pressure.

Normal people would be satisfied after reaching the universe level. For some geniuses, the moment they reached sector lord and owned one galaxy, that was enough. However…with different foresight, their aims would naturally be different. Luo Feng, Rong Jun and Wuka, they all had extremely far reaching visions.

Luo Feng had the golden horned beast and Mosha clan, the two great races of the galaxy. He could reach the sector lord even in his sleep. Even if he became an undying, he wanted to become a pinnacle warrior amongst the undying. He even wanted to reach the level of the country leader of the Ganwu universe country, opening a new universe country and dominating for a trillion years.

Rong Jun, his talents were no lesser than Luo Feng’s. His enemy was even more terrifying, becoming a normal undying couldn’t satisfy him at all.

Wuka, a rare absolute genius from the Manka planet, his father was one of the universe’s ultimate warriors. With his father as his target, he similarly had his sights set very high.

……

However facts were facts. According to history’s probability, out of these 1,000, less than 10 would become undyings!

Even the golden horned beast, with so many generations being stuck in the sector lord level, they were unable to break through. The path to undying was indeed tough. Luo Feng’s path had only just begun!

Luo Feng sat before the laptop and chose the technique trove.

“The golden horned beast’s inherited memories have countless techniques, I don’t need to buy anything.”

“The Mosha clan doesn’t have any inherited memories, however with its high talents…it’s battle abilities are all based on its natural talents. It doesn’t have any effective battle techniques.” Luo Feng opened a large amount of fighter close combat weapons, “Weapon choice…”

“Level 5 genetic energy weapon Gold shadow blade. It requires 12 points. You can customize your own design, hm, according to the shadow blood blade design.”

“Shield, I’ll choose a level 5 Absolute Void shield. It only requires 8 points, I’ll set the design to the 6 edged shield design.”

Gold shadow blade, Absolute void shield, these were all for the Mosha clan to use.

“Battle techniques.” Luo Feng opened the techniques and swiftly found the most suitable one. With Babata’s help, he was able to make a quick decision.

Absolute space fits the golden horned beast, 9 threads fits a controller’s flight, what about a fighter?

“The techniques are that expensive?” Luo Feng was shocked.

The gold shadow blade was only 12 points. However the techniques before him, the cheaper ones were tens of points, many of them were worth hundreds of points and even thousands, the highest reaching even a million, tens of millions, it was exorbitant.

“The techniques are all something the absolute warriors treasure and never spread. It’s their life’s work and blood! Your teacher’s soul imprint, even though it is special and powerful, but according to my estimate, it’s only worth about 10,000 points.” Babata said.


Chapter 445: 3 Years Later

The points given out by the Virtual Universe Company were very precious. As a new member of the Absolute beginning secret area, he was given 10,000 points, of course he had to treasure them. Even though there were many techniques on the list that were enough to make undyings go crazy, however their prices were exorbitant too, as some of items were millions of points, or even tens of millions.

Luo Feng could only drool as he looked.

“Not good, I’ll choose this.”

“Luo Feng, as they say, one’s feet should be firmly planted on the ground, save your points.”

“That’s really expensive!”

“I bought it.”

Luo Feng was discussing and debating with Babata while calculating his 10,000 points, he ended up spending close to half an hour before he finished his final exchanges.

……

Golden horned beast, he used 0 points.

The Mosha clan, he spent 9820 points on it, buying a complete set of techniques and weapons for it.

One was the close combat technique worth at 3200 points, and the more basic shield techniques worth 800 points and buying a not bad blade technique worth 5800 points, the gold shadow blade was worth 12 points and the absolute void shield was 8 points. Movement, shield work, blade work, these formed a complete set and were extremely powerful in both movement and technique.

Luo Feng himself, he used 180 points, buying the golden shadow blade and absolute shield cost 20 points, buying 2 life fruits cost 100 points and he also bought 30 swelling water fruit at 60 points.

10,000 points, he used it all!

The universe ship travelled through the dark universe at 20 times light speed, continuously progressing.

Within the ship.

Luo Feng grabbed onto a wine bottle and glass, walking straight into the resting room beside the bedroom, opening the screen and looking at the news program.

On it displayed the genius battle that had ended not too long ago.

“My points were used up so quickly.”

Luo Feng poured himself a cup of fruit wine before lying on the comfortable sofa, “Especially the techniques, I spent almost all of my points on just one complete set. Hopefully they don’t disappoint me, otherwise I’d definitely feel the pinch.”

“Luo Feng, these Illusionary body, Illusionary shield and Illusionary 7 blades form one complete Illusionary technique set, they definitely won’t let you down.” Babata said, “Even though they are more basic techniques, afterall you are only a star level punk. At least before you become undying, these will be enough.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He understood too that some techniques weren’t too deep and difficult, however undyings would still fight hard to study them.

If he got something heavenly but couldn’t grasp even the basic understanding, what was the point? Buying something like this that was cheaper but being able to help him grasp the strong basics, that was more effective. Even the soul imprint his teacher created, with so many types of soul techniques, Babata estimated it would only be worth about 10,000 points.

This complete Illusionary set, which had 3 techniques in total and worth a total of over 9000 points, it was comparable to the soul imprint.

“Babata, which battle techniques do you think the golden horned beast should train?” Luo Feng asked.

“We are allowing the golden horned beast to begin training battle techniques?” Babata asked, “How about we first work on the foundation.”

Golden horned beast, right now it only knew Deities of the World and Absolute Space.

Absolute space was related to movement.

Deities of the world was purely about shrinking and condensing its body. It didn’t have any battle techniques. Right now it battled relying totally on it’s natural ability, which was its strength, or its bodies inner quality, it didn’t have any system or battle technique. According to Babata’s point of view, it was better to get a solid foundation first, then learning the battle techniques would be easy. And within the golden horned beast’s inherited memories, there were battle techniques, it could begin training at anytime.

Different types of battle techniques!

From the claws, to the scaled wings, the tail and strengthening its body, while becoming a slaughter machine. The many generations of golden horned beasts had created many many techniques and knew how to unleash the greatest strength when in battle as many of these techniques were extremely brutal.

“Basics?” Luo Feng pondered, “That’s good too, there’ll be a long period of time in the future where I won’t be using the golden horned beast to attack anyway.”

Following which Luo Feng lifted his head and finished the wine. Eventually standing up, his eyes gleamed with battle spirit, “Time to begin!”

……

Time was fleeting, as months passed on.

The Jade essence F grade universe ship continued to progress towards the center of the human universe where the Virtual Universe Company’s headquarters was located. Luo Feng naturally spent his time within the ship, his consciousness in the virtual universe was almost like a sponge absorbing every bit of information.

While within his internal world.

The golden continent’s length and width had already reached 9,000km. Obviously during the time Luo Feng spent in the genius battle, the golden horned beast had already evolved till universe level 9. From universe level 9 to domain lord level 1, normally it would require 500 years. Even with the highest efficiency of metal groupings, it could only be raised 56 times, requiring about 9 years in total.

Feeling the internal world constantly expanding and condensing with the ripples of the golden origin laws, the golden horned beast seriously listened, looked around and experienced, working hard at its domain and gold origin laws.

The Mosha clan was in the form of a little golden horned beast while training in Absolute space and raising the comprehension of the space origin laws. It was either that or staying in human form, using a blade, shield and training the Illusionary techniques…

Virtual universe, Absolute beginning region, within the training space of villa number 1136.

The completely sealed training space was empty.

Barefooted and in shorts, Luo Feng held the 6 edged shield Absolute Void shield and carried a blood shadow blade life golden shadow blade.

“Simulate battle!” Luo Feng shouted, “Opponent, Rong Jun, simulate him with his highest battle ability during the genius pinnacle battle.”

Chi Chi…

The huge training space that was 50km wide and 30km long. It formed the silhouette of a person within, who eventually turned into the over 3m tall Savage Rong Jun. Rong Jun was carrying a huge battle blade on his back, his entire body dressed in a simple animal skin, barefooted. His eyes however were lifeless, as he was just standing there and not moving at all.

“Begin!” Luo Feng shouted.

Rumble!

The simulated Rong Jun’s eyes lit up and he became like a mountain rushing straight at Luo Feng.

“Bring it.” Luo Feng brandished his blade in one hand, and the other hand with a shield, becoming 18 Luo Fengs, almost like 18 demon golden lights rushing forward.

“Dang!”

The two clashed.

Luo Feng began using his blade work and in an instant he had slashed almost 10,000 times. It was simply too fast, not only were his movements shockingly fast, even his bladework was terrifying, totally like a demon floating about. His bladework seemed like it wasn’t strong, however the instantaneous explosion of power was terrifying.

“Slash!” The Savage Rong Jun’s hair flew in the wind. His gaze was like lightning, and roaring like thunder, he swung his huge blade down!

“Slash!”

“Slash!”

Each roar was extremely powerful.

In terms of offensive strength from the genius battle, the strongest was Bolan. In terms of mysteriousness was probably the hypnotist Jia Lai Xi’s hypnotism. In terms of being unblockable it was Luo Feng’s Sky piercing formation and in terms of brutality it was Savage’s bladework!

They fought head on for a few minutes.

“Chi!”

Fresh blood spewed everywhere, Luo Feng’s entire body was knocked away, dropping like a torn sand bag.

“Rumble…” The training space warped, the simulated Rong Jun from before vanished and Luo Feng’s wounds were healed.

This was a specially customized training space with the effects of the slaughter house. It was able to completely simulate any opponent, however its space was limited.

“Hm, there’s improvement.” Luo Feng smiled and stood up, “My close combat probably has the ability to make it into the top 100 of the genius battle.”

Close combat!

Right, Luo Feng’s greatest weakness was close combat. During the pinnacle competition, he had two losses. One against Rong Jun and the other against Long Yun. This happened because he had to fight them in close combat and hence, he lost. As a controller, Luo Feng had the ability to easily kill his opponent when he distances himself.

However the moment he got close, that was it.

As one’s attention itself had limits, Luo Feng didn’t have time to dilute his training, however now was different. The Mosha clan itself was a master at close combat, naturally it had to train the Illusionary techniques. Three great bodies with the same soul and consciousness. If any one of them learnt something, the other two would naturally learn it too!

“In terms of comprehension of the origin laws, I’m stronger than Rong Jun. However, my close combat still loses to him.” Luo Feng shook his head, “There’s indeed a difference between the human body and the Mosha clan body.”

When the Mosha clan body unleased the Illusionary techniques, that was the true Illusion!

With the Mosha clan body, even if he compared to death god Bolan, the difference wasn’t that huge. His human body however was way different.

“Continue to persevere!”

“I will not only be able to attack from far but also in close combat. This way, there truly would not be any weakness!

……

Luo Feng continued to work hard.

Finally, after travelling for about 2 years and 3 months in the universe, Luo Feng finally killed Rong Jun in close combat!

“I defeated Rong Jun of the genius battle. The current Rong Jun must be similar to me, using the resources given by the Virtual Universe Company and strengthening himself. He would have definitely gotten stronger.” Luo Feng didn’t dare relax at all.

Indeed.

3 years journey, none of the 1,000 absorbed geniuses dared to relax. This genius battle had too great an effect on them. In the past, it was hard for them to even meet a match, however the many life or death battles in the competition had affected them greatly. Many of them had been training ever since then and had improved a lot since the battles.

That and the fact that they could pick any techniques they wanted. To Rong Jun, Wuka and Ao Pa Te La etc, the ones from the Absolute beginning region, the 10,000 points was enough for them to buy almost anything they desired.

At their level, they didn’t need anything too expensive.

Within these three years of training, they all improved a lot.

Within the hall of the universe ship.

Dressed in a completely fitting armor and boots, the black short haired youth stood there. Beside him was a skinny old man with silver hair saying respectfully, “Your Majesty, we are about to arrive at the Virtual Universe Company headquarters.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

3 years!

This was considered his fastest improvement in 3 years. However the deeper he went, he could feel that the universe itself was unfathomable,. The entire mysteries and profoundness of the universe, and that the techniques he used could only be considered under undyings or normal undying level, however he still felt they were profound, this path was indeed a tough one.

“I’ve improved so much, I wonder how the others are doing.” Luo Feng thought, “I have the golden horned beast and the Mosha clan, this level of miraculous combination! However…the universe is vast, just about anything can happen. Who knows, there may even be someone within the top 1,000 geniuses with an even greater miracle within them.”

Never looking down on others or being arrogant.

The universe was incomparably vast and mysterious, with trillions of races. Humans were but one of them, one had to always maintain a level of respect to the universe.

“Beginning universe travel, entering the actual universe.”

“10……9……8……7……6……5……4……3……2……1 ！”

Luo Feng felt the entire ship slightly shake. After about 10 seconds everything returned to normal, he shouted, “External simulation 100%.” Immediately the entire large hall became transparent, he could see the simulated space, in the distance, there was an incomparably vast continent floating in space.

Luo Feng was stunned.

The headquarters of the Virtual Universe Company, they had finally arrived here.


Chapter 446: Ship

“That’s, a, a continent?” Luo Feng stood within the universe ship, looking at the distant floating endless continent, staring wide eyed.

“Planets, stars, nebulas etc, all the heavenly bodies, wandering the universe for a long time, one would have seen them all, even occasionally spotting remains of universe ships, even living space beasts, Luo Feng wouldn’t even be shocked by these, however to see such a huge continent in space itself…it was simply too shocking!

This wasn’t the virtual universe, it was reality!

“So huge?” Luo Feng was speechless.

This huge continent floating in space had stars and planets beside it, however they were nothing but little dots beside it! Even the universe ship which was constantly getting closer, after awhile, it still seemed as though the continent was as far away as before.

It’s bigger than any planets I’ve seen before, by at least 10 million times, it’s too huge.” Luo Feng held his breath.

“Your majesty, how’s the headquarters?” Beside, the skinny old man smiled.

Luo Feng asked curiously, “Just how big is it?”

“How big?”

The skinny old man shook his head, “If we don’t go through universe transfer through the dark universe, just relying on the universe ship to fly from side to side, will take at least 10 years.”

“You mean…” Luo Feng was shocked, “It’s diameter alone is about 1 light years?”

1 light year, was a little more than 90 quintillion km.

The earth’s diameter was but 10,000 km.

It was no wonder the distant stars and planets seemed nothing more than little dots, this continent floating in the universe was simply outrageous.

“Hm.” The silver haired skinny old man nodded his head.

“Such a big continent, where did it come from?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask, “Was there such a large naturally formed continent in the universe?” Even though the universe was mysterious, with many mysterious places, however naturally forming a 10 light years diameter continent was simply unbelievable.

“Not sure.” The skinny old man shook his head.

Luo Feng didn’t ask more.

……

Even though he could see the distant floating continent was incomparably vast, however with the f grade universe ship travelling close to light speed and about 13 hours later, he finally reached the entrance of the virtual universe company headquarters, during the flight, Luo Feng could only gaze in awe as he appreciated the beauty and perfection of the construction of this continent.

Even though it seemed like it was a wonder naturally formed by the universe, as his ship drew closer, Luo Feng could feel this ‘natural’ continent was infused with high amounts of technology.

“Your majesty, those stars, planets and nebulas surrounding this continent are actually very terrifying technological weapons.” Within the ship’s luxurious hall, the skinny old man introduced.

“Ah?” Luo Feng nodded, “With the company’s measures, those planets and stars are indeed easily controllable like toys to them.

Even undyings could play with the stars.

With the virtual company’s unbelievable technology, changing the stars and planets to where even a sector lord knows they are weapons, these too were probably just for show…the virtual universe headquarters’ true defenses probably weren’t that simple.

Hu!

The universe ship entered the continent through an opening and flew at light speed for a few minutes before finally slowing down and stopping.

Luo Feng and the sector lord Shawu and others flew out of the cabin door.

Outside there were 10 men and women dressed in uniform waiting, when Luo Feng arrived, these 10, with a silver armored man with a green horn leading, said in unison, “Your majesty Luo Feng, Knight Feng is awaiting your arrival, please follow me.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Thanks Shawu.” Luo Feng turned back and looked at the skinny old man.

Sector lord Shawu revealed a smile, “It was my honor to accompany your majesty for 3 years.”

After which, the 2 separated.

Luo Feng followed the silver armored green horned man and others through a dreamy like pathway, the later half of the pathway was translucent, with one look, one could see the beautiful space outside, along with the surrounding mountain scenery.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, your majesty Luo Feng.” Along the pathway there were 3 people waiting.

“Hm” Luo Feng looked curiously at the 3 approaching people.

“Your majesty, these are the items you ordered, according to your majesty’s request, the exchange will be done here in the headquarters.” The 3 immediately submitted the items.

As Luo Feng’s 3 year journey was in the dark universe, also plus the fact that his training was mostly in the virtual universe, hence the golden shadow blade, the absolute void shield and the life fruits he purchased didn’t require an immediate exchange, since the cloud contact vine already had enough food prepared, he decided to exchange for these at the headquarters itself.

Of course, something like the Illusionary techniques, he learnt it in the virtual universe.

“Hehe, thanks.” Luo Feng opened to take a look and immediately kept it within his storage ring.

……

At that time, he was taken into an oval shaped large hall, the entire surroundings of the hall was completely transparent, looking up, one could see the endless space, viewing the distant beautiful scenery, also one could also see universe ships, and shooting star like undyings flying past.

“Luo Feng.”

“Madman, you’ve come.”

“Haha, Madman.”

Luo Feng’s entrance immediately attracted welcomes from many.

“Long Yun, Wuka, Jiangmo.” Luo Feng laughed and immediately waved at each of them, training hard in Yu Xiang Mountain for 3 years, this same batch of youths had interacted quite a bit, over the 3 years, except for a small number that preferred solitude, many of them had become good friends, at least they were able to chat and laugh.

There may have been some that preferred solitude, but this was also because they were too lonely, having never met anyone of their level.

And to be able to enter the genius battle’s entire universe top 1,000, at least they’d recognize each other’s strengths, becoming good friends was normal.

“Rong Jun hasn’t arrived?” Luo Feng surveyed his surroundings.

“He’ll be here soon, he’s almost within the headquarters.” The Manka prince Wuka laughed casually, “Come, sit here.”

“Hm.”

Similarly in the Absolute beginning region, the 8 of them were closer than with others. Just from the sitting arrangement within the hall, one could easily see…cliques and circles had been formed within these 1,000.

“Bolan.” Luo Feng looked at the side where a white clothed youth sat beside the window, Luo Feng smiled and shouted out.

The white clothed youth turned and glanced over, “Hm.” Just making a sound and immediately turning once again to peer outside. These 3 years on Yu Xiang Mountain, death god Bolan had been in solitude, only seldom communicating with a few people, but actually speaking very little. However for the contact they had, Luo Feng and the others realized that even though Bolan was very cold and enjoyed being alone, his character was still not bad.

“The Absolute beginning few seem to be pretty proud, actually sticking and talking to Bolan…thinking they are much stronger than us.”

“Right, back then we made it into the top 100, the virtual universe company immediately picked the top 20 from us to fight for the final 10, not even giving us a chance.”

“And it’s been 3 years, these 3 years, those of us in the Heaven and land region have all made improvements, some even shocking, I believe there are a few of us even stronger than those in the Absolute beginning region.”

“Just wait, there’ll be time to compete.”

At the other side, about 10 youths relied on genetic energy to communicate, chatting amongst themselves.

They remained unconvinced.

Since the time the virtual universe system back then had directly picked the people to eliminate, many had remained unhappy with the decisions, what’s more over these 3 years, many had improved by quite a bit, especially since some didn’t have good techniques back then…over these 3 years they had time to exchange for fitting techniques, their improvements were huge. They were all confident now.

……

After about 6 more hours, all 1,000 had gathered.

“Attention all, please follow me.”

Once the 1,000 had gathered, a man with red eyes dressed in a simple but elegant white robe spoke hoarsely, that aura he emitted made the 1,000 youths feel a sense of fear within, almost as though a normal person was facing a venomous snake, the tall red eyed man left the hall and immediately released a powerful invincible aura that completely subdued the 1,000 youths.

Sou!

Immediately becoming a light ray and flying for a few minutes, they stopped before a peculiar ship, before releasing the 1,000 youths.

“Phew.”

Only then did Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief, that inability to resist, that aura that made their hearts tremble, the surrounding geniuses all felt the same.

“Attention all, please enter the ship.” The tall and skinny red eyed man spoke coldly.

Luo Feng looked up and saw the peculiar ship before them.

“This is a ship?” Luo Feng was shocked, this ship before them was simply too strange and special, mainly because it’s entire shape was simply like a fish! A translucent dull blue huge fish, its tail was even waving about, its entire length was about 1,000m. However the stomach portion of this huge fish actually had a cabin door, through it one could see the internal pathways.

Dumbfounded.

The 1,000 geniuses, very few of them actually knew about these kinds of ships, the others seemed confused and stunned, under the coaxing of the tall and skinny red eyed man, they all entered through the door.

“The interiors are similar to other ships, how come its exterior is just like a fish?” Luo Feng and the group walked within the ships pathways, “f grade universe ships were made from pure natural metals, even the ships that went to receive us were all f grades, and right now this ship that’s taking us to the primal universe, this is definitely at least an f grade I think.”

Pure metals were supposedly strong and durable.

This one was exactly like a fish, it was unbelievable.

“Stupid!”

“You don’t even know about this, this is a universe ship that’s been fused with other life forms.” Babata’s voice resounded, “And it’s a very high level of life form, at least an undying level, like the metal life forms, plant life forms, there are some special races that can actually fuse and become one with ships. This universe ship…is much better than your teacher’s Yun Mo Planet ship, if what I’m guessing isn’t wrong, it can be considered even as surpassing the f grade…a g grade universe ship. To be able to have such a ship, in the vast universe, that would be one who stands at the pinnacle of existences.”

“Fusing an undying life form with a ship?” Luo Feng didn’t even have time to react before he followed the others into the ship’s large hall. Within the hall.

A formless pressure caused the 1,000 geniuses to not dare to make a sound, even the 10 undyings within the ship, including that tall and skinny red eyed man slightly bowed.

Luo Feng glanced over and spotted the green armored purple scaled man standing right in front, even though he still felt as though he wasn’t truly present, giving a sense like he was virtual projection, not a real person, the purple scaled man looked at the youths and said, “Let’s depart, towards the primal universe.”

Rumble…

The fish like universe ship waved its tail and immediately vanished from its position.


Chapter 447: Primal Chaos City

Within the large hall.

None of the 1,000 geniuses dared to make a sound, against such an intimidating undying. It felt almost like a mountain pressing down on you. Against this purple scaled man who seemed like he was there physically, yet not at all…it was completely different. He wasn’t intentionally pressuring them at all.

It was simply his natural aura, it naturally made others respect him.

That was life submitting itself!

“Stop!” A thunderous roar resounded from outside, entering within the universe ship interior and eventually resounding throughout the entire ship. Feeling this level of pressure…all the geniuses were shocked still. As they were only a bunch of star levels with some that have broken through to the universe level, they were simply helpless. Against such great beings, if they didn’t control their auras, probably just a look would make their souls crumble.

Geniuses were after all just geniuses, they weren’t truly strong yet.

Their path had just begun.

“It’s me, open the universe pathway!” The purple scaled man said indifferently.

His voice passed through the universe ship and reverberated even outside.

“Rumble!”

A low rumbling came from outside and the ship continued its path.

“Hm?”

“This is really uncomfortable.”

“Not right.”

The 1,000 geniuses had gone pale, even Luo Feng felt his head ache badly and it started to throb. He tried hard to keep his eyes open, yet he couldn’t even see his surroundings clearly.

“We are currently within the pathway between the actual universe and the primal universe.” The purple scaled man looked at the group of pale youths, some even falling to the ground. “The primal universe and the actual universe have different time flows, hence creating a chaotic time flow within this pathway. This will make you all uncomfortable for awhile.”

Of the 1,000 youths, only about 300 of them could barely stand.

“I can’t see clearly anymore.” Luo Feng fought hard to keep his eyes open.

“Wow, Luo Feng, this is the legendary universe pathway. The chaotic time flow actually feels this way. Even I, a living AI feel kind of weird. Haha, it’s too mystical, simply too mystical.” Babata however was incomparably excited, “These chances are extremely rare.”

After about 5 or 6 minutes, the feeling passed.

Luo Feng regained his full consciousness.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked around, discovering that many were lying on the ground, their expressions pale, and some even had tears flowing out. Following which, they all began to climb back up, brushing off their tears and regaining their composure.

“Right now, we’ve already entered the primal universe.” The purple scaled man smiled.

“Primal universe?”

“We’ve already reached the primal universe?”

The geniuses from many universe countries were all filled with curiosity. Even the 10 undyings that came along with the purple scaled 9 blade knight, their eyes were filled with anticipation as they started looking around.

“Open the top.” The purple scaled man said.

Chi chi…the large metallic roof actually automatically opened above the hall, revealing a transparent glass outer layer. Immediately, the top of the hall became transparent and everyone looked up to look through that layer towards the outer world. Luo Feng raised his head too, with one glance, he discovered that there was a dark aura floating about outside, some energy flowed above them.

In the distance, he could barely make out the lands and skies splitting apart. Even large amounts of engravings flowing through these splits in spaces, threads weaving in and out, with engravings floating all about, almost like a loom slowly rebuilding and growing the land and skies further.

“This is?” Luo Feng felt a space split open in the distance with crystal like threads flowing within, which were filled with engravings.

Even the 10 undyings kept looking up, occasionally closing their eyes to ponder and then opening to observe again.

The ship continued to move forward.

They frequently saw spaces splitting apart and the peculiar threads of engravings…

“Stars and planets all have their own lifespans. This universe too has its own lifespan, only that it’s incredibly long.” The purple scaled man smiled, “This primal universe, is a new universe belonging to when a universe is in it’s beginning stages. During this period, the universe will constantly improve itself and form anew. Hence the universe origin laws will be flowing about and will be very obvious to the eyes.”

“The universe space splits will continue to regrow and recover, even the flowing energy flows all contain within them the origin laws.”

Luo Feng and the rest of the 1,000 all listened wide eyed and stunned.

The crystal threads that rebuilt the splits all over, these large amounts of threads with engravings were all the universe origin laws energy flow?

“The actual universe in which we live in is incomparably vast, huge, and perfect.” The purple scaled man said, “And because it’s perfect, we cannot easily see the energy flow. Hence comprehension is much harder. However in the primal universe, the naked eye can easily spot such energy flows. You’ve all seen how perfectly the different laws work together, how the universe forms and the law energy flows. Since everything can be seen with your eyes, the comprehension here is much easier.”

“The namelist for the primal universe is incomparably valuable.” The purple scaled man said, glancing at the 10 undyings.

The 10 undyings all continued to look up, obviously treasuring every bit of time.

“Close.” The purple scaled man said.

The roof immediately sealed up.

Actually, just from looking at the splits in space and the threads of engravings about, Luo Feng understood that the virtual simulation couldn’t simulate something like this, because these engravings were meant to be felt and not just seen. Relying just on technology to simulate it wasn’t enough. If it could be simulated then there would be no need to even enter the primal universe.

“In a while, we will arrive at Primal chaos city.” The purple scaled man said, “The Primal chaos city is where the participants within the primal universe train and live. You are all under me, I hope to see all of you alive in 30 years.”

“We can die here?”

“There’s danger?”

Luo Feng and the others were suspicious.

“Remember, after entering Primal chaos city, first listen to the person receiving you, listen clearly to the rules…oh, we’ve arrived.” The purple scaled man said and the universe ship’s speed began to slow down.

This large fish, began its travel through this vast universe space.

In the short time since the roof closed, the large fish had flown to an ancient city in the air. It’s stomach portion cabin door opened and the 1,000 geniuses flew out. Following which the door closed and the large fish waved its tail and immediately disappeared into the distance.

“The feeling of this primal universe sure is special.”

“This feels really comfortable.”

“Right, extremely comfortable.” A group of youths stood in mid air. Luo Feng looked down at the ancient majestic city. As a city built within the primal universe itself, it gave off an aura of profoundness.

In the distance a black light flew over.

“Attention all, I am the receiver of Primal chaos city.” A low voice resounded. A black robed man flew over, following which he stopped and smiled. His head was filled with green scales “This city is called primal chaos city. Its time in existence is even longer than many of your universe countries themselves! Right now it’s governed by the Virtual Universe Company, Huge Axe dojo, Universe 1st bank, Universe galaxy bank and the Universe Mercenaries altogether.”

Silence.

The 1,000 youths looked at this receiver of Primal chaos city.

“Follow me.” The receiver smiled and flew down.

The 1,000 people flew downwards and landed in the streets of the city. The pathway allowed up to a few tens of people to form a line.

“The primal chaos city has been around for a very long time.” The receiver walked ahead, explaining as he walked, “Among the participants that come to primal chaos city, many absolute beings have already been produced.”

“Hm?”

Luo Feng looked around. This city had many buildings around, and on the balconies of these buildings there were many human like people sitting crossed legged. Some were drawing several things on the grounds, strong auras from all over, much stronger than sector lords, some even muttering things from their mouths.

Luo Feng looked up at the sky.

In the sky above, close to one of the universe splits, he could make out undyings all around it floating about. Occasionally these beings even looked down at Luo Feng’s group.

“Another group of punks have arrived.”

“It’s receiver number 11, those are the punks from the Virtual Universe Company.”

“I heard that among the Virtual Universe Company’s batch, there’s someone called Bolan, he’s not bad.” Beside that universe split, a few great beings floated and chatted.

……

Luo Feng and their group of youths, they were all very low profile. They could feel that there were many undyings around. And these undyings were all being conservative, not daring to release their auras at all. However, within the city there were 10 absolute energy flows that were simply heavenly, even Luo Feng could clearly feel them.

Just like 10 absolute ferocious beasts, stationed at different locations within Primal chaos city.

“There are many absolute beings within Primal chaos city.” The receiver turned and said, “Don’t ever go disturb any of them when they are studying the origin laws. The moment you disturb them, I can only send you out of the primal universe and end your participation.”

The group nodded.

The receiver immediately entered an empty building beside.

“There are many buildings within Primal chaos city. If the doors are white, it means there’s no one is living there.” The receiver pointed at a large door, “As long as you place your hand on the surface of the door, the door’s system will automatically activate and cause it to change to a dark grey. You’ll then become the building’s owner, and it’ll automatically record your signal. Everyone can only choose one living quarter.”

After which, he walked up to the balcony.

The balcony was pretty huge, as the length and width were close to 100m, enough to stand 1,000 people.

“This is.” Luo Feng looked at the many pictures engraved on the surface of the balcony. Many of them were mysterious and peculiar.

“This, this…” Luo Feng looked carefully, getting lost in the engravings.

Many youths too were completely immersed within.

“Space origin laws.”

“This has been infused with space origin laws.” Many youths shouted out.

“Attention all.” The receiver’s voice entered everyone’s minds. All their souls were immediately awoken. “Primal chaos city has many generations of countless absolute beings sitting on the balconies and studying. During their progress, they occasionally draw and carve as well. Hence they’ve left behind many of their thoughts and origin law studies. If you have interest in them, a good half of Primal chaos city is vacant right now. You can go from balcony to balcony to take a look. You never know, you might find some comprehension engravings of some knights from the past.”

The group of youths’ eyes gleamed.

“Let me first tell you all a very important rule!” The receiver emphasized, “Within the primal universe, any human against human killing is strictly forbidden. Whoever makes a move will be punished and killed without a doubt.”

“Understood.”

The group of youths nodded.

“The primal universe compared to the actual universe has a time ratio of 1:3.28” The black robed receiver laughed, “Your participation time in here this round is a little more than 30 years.


Chapter 448: 52 Ancient Primal Chaos Tablets

“Time is very precious, don’t waste it.” The black robed receiver jumped down from the balcony, landing on the ground below. The 1,000 geniuses behind followed suit and jumped, like a big group of locusts, covering the skies as they landed in the spacious pathway in front of the building.

“Follow me, we’ll head to the city owner’s mansion.” The black robed receiver said, “That’s where the city owner stays, and it’s also the core of the entire Primal chaos city.”

“City owner?”

Luo Feng was shocked when he heard it. As the only city within the entire primal universe, the history of the primal chaos city was even more ancient than many universe countries. The owner of this ancient city…one could only imagine his position. As he was able to take on such a position, his strength definitely wouldn’t be weaker than those country leaders.

“Rumble…” Ahead in the distance, a 30m tall single horned beast clad in red scales walked over. It took up more than half of the entire pathway, and on its back stood a purple short haired youth. He was dressed in a dark blue armor, with similar dark blue boots, while carrying one huge purple blade on his back, looking up at the sky.

The black robed receiver bowed respectfully to display his respect and the 1,000 youths watched as the huge beast left.

“Beast taming?”

“You can even bring tamed beasts into primal chaos city?”

The group of youths couldn’t help but discuss softly. Ahead, the black robed receiver smiled, “That person before is an eternal resident of primal chaos city. As an eternal resident, he has the privilege to bring tamed beasts in.”

“Eternal resident?”

“I heard that even undyings who want to enter here, the slot alone is incomparably expensive and valuable.”

The youths were all shocked, Luo feng couldn’t help but exclaim, “How can that be?”

His own teacher, even as a powerful being amongst the undying, couldn’t even afford a slot to enter the primal universe. However that youthful looking man from before, was an eternal resident?

“Nothing’s impossible.” The black robed receiver smiled, “As long as one has a large enough contribution, or absolute strength, and eventually acquiring the admittance from the alliance, one can become an eternal resident.”

Luo Feng pondered, alliance? Right, this primal chaos city was governed by the 5 leviathans together. He guessed that the alliance he mentioned was that of these 5 together.

“May I ask, how does one become an eternal resident?” Amongst the crowd, the Manka prince Wuka shouted.

“The requirements are extremely strict.” The black robed receiver smiled, “When you’ve become an undying, you’ll know them. Asking now is just futile.”

The black robed receiver led the bustling group of youths who were of many different human races, walking along the pathways. It was indeed quite a sight.

Luo Feng however discovered that on the balconies of the buildings along the pathway, among those quietly meditating warriors, only very few of them actually opened their eyes to glance over at this group. Many were too immersed within their training. Many had beards and hair that grew extremely long, almost as though they hadn’t been trimmed in hundreds to thousands of years.

“Ahead is the city owner’s mansion.” The black robed receiver pointed ahead.

Luo Feng looked up.

There was a majestic construct which was over 300m tall. Even from afar, one could distinctly see the most glaring three words in universe language on the building… “City Owner Residence”. Just looking at those words, one couldn’t help but get enticed by it. Almost as though hidden within those words was a new space or even universe. One’s entire focus couldn’t help but get drawn into it and entering into the universe space within those words. This shocked Luo Feng so much he lowered his head and didn’t dare take another look.

“The three huge words City Owner residence, just take one quick look and don’t look at it often.” The black robed receiver laughed, “It’ll cause you to lose yourself in them. Even undyings normally wouldn’t dare stare at it.”

“Ah?”

“That mystical?”

Many geniuses that hadn’t noticed the three words before looked up curiously to see, with that, they all fell for it.

“Haha…” The black robed receiver couldn’t help but laugh at the scene.

He normally attended to groups of absolute warriors. He’d have to be more rigid and felt uncomfortable. However with these punks, it was much more relaxing.

……

Although it looked like it was located fairly close, as they continued to walk, they realized that it was pretty far.

Even though they were walking pretty quickly, it still took several minutes to reach the entrance of the building. With one look they spotted frequent black robed receivers heading over and away. They also occasionally spotted a few undyings and sector lords entering and leaving the building.

“Primal chaos city is the only city within the primal universe.” The black robed receiver smiled, “In this city, there are three treasures.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, listening intently.

“The 1st of the 3, which everybody knows about, is that one can naturally see the origin laws movement in the universe.” The black robed receiver smiled, “As for the 2nd, it’s within the city, it’s located within the city owner’s mansion. The 3rd, is located outside the city.”

“Just what are these treasures?”

A group of youths couldn’t help but ask.

The black robed receiver pointed around. “The surrounding balconies where many have trained before. For over a trillion years, many warriors have stayed and left this city. During their training, any spark or idea would be carved into the grounds and surfaces of the walls, and with deep thought, or whatever gains they discovered, they would also carve there.”

Luo Feng nodded. Indeed, comprehending the origin laws was akin to flashes of inspiration. When one suddenly comprehended something, one would carve it down. Afterall, a picture was worth a thousand words.

Even though some people would casually write down a line of words, after a few years, by looking at those few words could easily jolt the memory of the time from before. And ironically, if one typed it into a computer, after a few years, looking at it may not even help recall anything.

Personally drawing and writing, it was a very good comprehending medium.

“Primal chaos city, this sort of tradition has been around for countless years.” The black robed youth exclaimed, “Because the records are all casually left behind, there are no rules. Many of them are even just odd bits and pieces, hence many of them only help a little here and there.”

“However!”

“Over a trillion years, countless such flashes of inspiration and records have left behind very strong and systematic training aids.” The black robed receiver emphasized, “In our primal chaos city, there are also the most valuable 52 primal chaos tablets. Every tablet records a large amount of mysterious pictures etc. These 52 tablets are the 52 large pathways of training. These are the pathways that lead directly to the top! If one manages to comprehend even one entire tablet, then he would immediately become an absolute existence within the universe. Even opening your own universe country would be simple.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but hold his breath, beside him Savage Rong Jun, Manka youth and the 1000 men and women were all excited.

52 primal chaos tablets infused with the pinnacle pathways. After comprehending just one tablet, one could open a universe country?

“These 52 primal chaos tablets are the 2nd treasure located within this city.” The black robed receiver smiled, “As for the 3rd treasure… it’s outside the city. At the entrance there’s a stone monument with specific details, you can all go look at it yourselves.”

The group were extremely excited with anticipation.

The 1st and 2nd treasure both had huge benefits to everybody, this 3rd treasure couldn’t be anything less.

“The 52 primal chaos tablets.” The black robed receiver said, “Everyone who comes into the primal chaos to train will have one chance to look at them. Every time, you’ll have a total of 7 days!”

“7 days?”

The group stared.

That short?

“The primal chaos tablets are the treasures of humanity. They are clearer than any technique manual and they were pathways to the pinnacle of strength. Just the 7 days of viewing would be sufficient for the likes of you.” The black robed receiver immediately walked towards the entrance door, “Enter, get ready to pick your tablet.”

The residence was a huge place. Even the normal balconies in the living districts were a 100m long and wide, one could only imagine just how big this residence was.

“Everyone can only pick one tablet to view and study.” The black robed receiver led the group and quickly entered a mystical pathway.

The pathway had two walls, and hung on them were the many huge pictures.

Luo Feng took one glance and knew immediately there were 52 pictures.

“Hung on these walls are the 52 stone rubbing copies. Every picture depicts the primal chaos tablets. You will first take a look at these and even though they are unable to infuse within them the energy flows of the original tablets, they will still make you feel a strand of their original energy flow. Just take a look at these 52 pictures…and later decide which tablet you will study.” The black robed receiver spoke.

The group of youths walked along the pathway and were stunned by the 52 pictures on the walls. They had to pick the tablets just from these pictures.

Every picture was specifically 10m long and wide, and beside them were their names.

I’ll give you all half an hour.” The black robed receiver stood outside the pathway.

Luo Feng and the group began to look around.

Luo Feng randomly picked one to begin, this first one he looked at had an ancient tree that rose to the skies. Its leaves were already yellow and countless of them were falling. These floating leaves that were in mid air of this picture, with Luo Feng’s mental calculation, in an instant he deduced there were definitely over 10,000 leaves.

On the picture, the yellow leaves fell one after another.

There were still some leaves on the tree itself, the ground however was fully covered in them.

Looking on…Luo Feng felt that the leaves floating in mid air were like soldiers one after another, forming an entire army. That incomparably complex formation, with every 100 forming one complex little group, just adding one extra leaf, that 101 immediately made the formation even more magical and mystical.

“One Minute up!” Babata’s voice resounded within his mind and woke him up, “Luo Feng, you only have half an hour to look at all the pictures, you cannot spend more than 1 minute on one picture.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng awoke and looked at the name on that picture…Mu Zu primal chaos tablet.

This made Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, “Mu Zu? Is it linked to the Mu Zu planet?”

He didn’t dare think too much. Afterall, there were 52 pictures to go through, Luo Feng quickly went to view the rest, he had to look for the most suitable for himself within that half an hour. And the most suitable, only that would have the highest efficiency for his training. As for the Mu Zu tablet, it gave Luo Feng some headaches when he looked at it.

101 leaves, compared to the 100 leaves formation, it was a hundred times more magical and mystical.

Those over 10,000 leaves, just how much would they change and evolve, it was impossible to imagine.

Picture after picture, total silence.

The 1,000 geniuses were like starving wolves, their eyes were all gleaming while staring at the many pictures. Before, they were all dissatisfied on having to choose their tablet from looking at pictures, however they still got totally immersed in them. Luckily everyone had their own AI systems to remind them, otherwise they would spend the entire half an hour on one picture.

“Hm?” Luo Feng stared at the large picture before him.

On it were many slash marks. Every mark gave off a different feeling, the entire picture had a total of 10,081 slashes. The name of the picture was Scarred Heart primal chaos tablet.

“Alright, your half an hour is up, tell me your tablet choices and I’ll record them.” The Black robed receiver shouted.


Chapter 449: The Skies and Land Change in Color

“I choose the Dragon Order Primal Chaos Tablet.”

“I choose the Wind Shadow Primal Chaos Tablet.”

The black robed receiver walked from the outermost layer of the group, slowly progressing inwards, simultaneously asking for each of the genius’s choices. However, behind the crowd , Luo Feng creased his eyebrows and his gaze sweeping past the 52 pictures. Honesty, out of these 52, there were a total of 38 that actually caught his attention and piqued his interest, including that Mu Zu Primal Chaos tablet, even though it had enticed him, it did however work with a very complex flow movement…

“Most suitable for me?”

Luo Feng looked at the picture on the left, and another on the right, in the distance, his most favorite the 9 Universe primal chaos tablet, and the final one he saw, the Scarred Heart primal chaos tablet. When he looked at the 9 universe tablet, his entire being cheered excitedly from within, feeling that the 9 universe tablet was the most suitable for his Nan Shen Armament’s progress. With slight changes, he could even incorporate it into his close combat techniques.

However the Scarred heart tablet, Luo Feng looked…

He could faintly see the skills and blade works appearing within his mind. Those 10081 slashes, they could be said to fully incorporate an extreme level of bladework.

“Which should I choose?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

He wanted to train them all.

The 9 universe was most suited for his Nan Shen Armament, while the Scarred heart tablet was most suitable for his bladework. Of course his current strength was still very weak, he could only make out very little bits of each of the complex tablets that were infused with extremely profound elements. These 52 tablets were after all the huge pathways to the pinnacle of strength.

Theoretically speaking, every tablet in itself could help one comprehend close combat and long distance combat.

“He’s come.” Luo Feng turned to look.

The black robed receiver had already recorded over 700 answers. He had already reached beside Luo Feng, looking up and staring at him.

“Which do you choose.” The black robed receiver asked.

“I choose the 9 universe Primal chaos tablet.” Luo Feng replied seriously.

The black robed receiver nodded and the screen on his arm recorded it immediately. He turned and continued on to the next person…

“Even though the Scarred heart tablet and the 9 universe tablets are both my favorites, and my close combat improves at a fast rate, my strongest skill is still without doubt my long distance attacks! Right now my close combat is improving…mainly because of the Mosha clone training the Illusionary techniques. A true warrior doesn’t need every skill and technique to be that strong. If they are all strong, it also means they aren’t all that strong in general.”

Strengthen my strong point!

Constantly strengthening my strong points, making them become absolute and powerful! That’s a true absolute warrior.

“And the Scarred heart tablet begins from the gold origin laws entrance. The 9 universe tablet approaches however from the space origin law.” Amidst the many origin laws, it was without a doubt that space and time were the two strongest. If he had to pick, he would pick the stronger one.

The black robed receiver walked till the end of the pathway and recorded everybody’s answer, turning and smiling, “I’ve already sent your choices out, follow me.”

Luo Feng and the rest of the 1,000 followed the black robed receiver and left that pathway to go deeper, eventually leading to an empty training ground. This training ground was extremely empty and spacious, about 10km long and wide. If it were an ordinary person from earth, he wouldn’t be able to see end to end, naturally Luo Feng and the rest could see it all clearly.

Within the empty training ground.

The 1,000 people gathered, the black robed receiver stood in front of them.

“Right now, among the secret rooms of the 52 tablets, 12 of them currently have people in them. The other 40 are empty.” The black robed receiver looked at the group before him, “I will now read out the names of these 40 empty rooms…”

“Yan Shan primal chaos tablet, Scarred Heart primal chaos tablet…” The black robed receiver swiftly reported the 40 names in one breath.

“Those that have chosen these 40 tablets, immediately head towards the left entrance ahead. You will be arranged to enter the secret rooms.” The receiver pointed into the distance, on the left end of the training ground, there was a 30m tall entrance, “Head over there now.”

Immediately, at least 800 over of the youths became beam of lights and left, leaving behind only a little more than a 100 youths.

“You 139 will wait a while.” The black robed receiver said, “The tablets that you have chosen currently have people in them. When other people are in there, it is absolutely forbidden for anyone to open the room and disturb them. Hence…when they’ve finished, you all will enter. The longest time you’ll have to wait will only be 3 days.”

“This way, you can go to the city owner residence’s tower.” The black robed receiver pointed ahead, “Over there, you can train there first. When it’s time for your turn, I’ll inform you all.”

……

Luo Feng, Savage Rong Jun and the rest of the 139 youths could only head to the tower.

“So unlucky.”

“52 primal chaos tablets, only 12 of these had people in them, and it’s actually us.” Along the way, the youths were somewhat helpless, Savage Rong Jun smiled and looked at Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, you and I are really brothers in arms, we entered the top 10 together, up to the top 5 battles, even the choices of the tablets, both our choices have people in them.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, asking, “Which did you choose?”

“Me?” The Huge Axe tablet.” Savage Rong Jun said.

“Rong Jun, I too chose the Huge Axe tablet.” The Manka youth Wuka who was speaking to others turned and suddenly shouted, running over and spoke softly, “Luo Feng, Rong Jun, do you know just who left behind this Huge Axe Tablet?”

Every tablet was left behind by true pinnacle warriors of the human race history in the universe.

52 primal chaos tablets, they became the treasures of humanity.

“Who?” Rong Jun asked.

“Don’t tell me it’s connected to the Huge Axe dojo?” Luo Feng thought and asked.

“Right!” Wuka nodded, saying softly, “This huge axe tablet is left behind by the founder of one of the 5 great leviathans, the Huge Axe Dojo, it holds within unbelievable power, the moment one completely comprehends it, that’s simply…simply heavenly! You’d become the pinnacle of pinnacle existence within the entire universe.”

“The founder of the Huge Axe dojo?” Luo Feng and Rong Jun exchanged glances.

My god.

One of the 5 great leviathans of humanity!

If one actually wanted to put a ranking to these 5 leviathans, it was actually pretty simple from one thing, the entire universe humans, 1,008 universe countries, every 10,000 years they hold 2 genius battles, 1 was organized by the virtual universe company and another by the Huge Axe Dojo. The most exceptional geniuses were picked by these 2. The universe 1st bank, the universe galaxy bank and universe mercenary alliance however never do such things.

So who’s stronger in the 5?

The virtual universe company and the Huge Axe dojo naturally stand above the rest!

And as the founder of the Huge Axe Dojo, his status was much higher than any of the 1,008 universe country leaders.

“Hehe, hence I chose the Huge Axe tablet.” Wuka was satisfied, “Also amongst the sector lords and undying, this tablet is also the most popular.”

“Haha.” Rong Jun laughed.

Luo Feng twitched his lips.

“Of course, the rest of the other tablets are also not ordinary in any way, otherwise they’d never gain the right to be erected beside the Huge Axe tablet.” Wuka consoled Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, study that 9 universe tablet properly, you still have a bright future.” As he said, Wuka held his stomach and laughed.

“You punk.” Luo Feng shook his head.

……

In the tower of the residence.

Luo Feng and that group of over 100 youths sat within, gazing into the distance.

It was too huge.

The entire Primal chaos was extremely huge, as for the distant areas outside the city, they were a complete blur and hard to see clearly. The main thing was…a large amount of primal chaotic energy was flowing within the primal universe, causing people to be unable to see too far.

“So comfortable.”

“This primal universe is so much more comfortable than the actual universe.”

The group of youths were discussing.

Luo Feng could feel it too, ever since they entered the primal universe, his entire body was incomparably comfortable, from internally to external, from mental to his body, they were all comfortable.

“This is the reason for the primal universe.” In the distance a middle aged man in a loose purple golden long robe walked over, “You are the winners from this time’s genius competition organized by the virtual universe company?”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng and the rest of the 139 turned and nodded.

“The reason why you feel so comfortable, is because of this!” The middle aged man pointed beside to the primal chaos energy flow floating, “This, is what we call primal chaos energy. It has different properties from the elemental universe energies in the actual universe, it’s also different from those mixed universe energies, this primal chaos energy has the peculiar energy to nurture and evolve many types of things.”

“Surrounded by this energy, naturally you’ll feel comfortable.” The middle aged man smiled.

Luo Feng and the rest realized.

“However, this type of energy is only present in the primal universe.” The middle aged man in the purple golden long robe shook his head, even if you try and bring this energy back to the actual universe, it will only dissipate into other forms of energy.”

……

When Luo Feng and the group of youths were chatting with this powerful warrior.

Suddenly!

“Rumble…” In the distant land and skies powerful ripples were happening, the sounds shook both the land and skies.

“Waze!!!”

An angry roar resounded throughout the skies of the entire primal chaos city, a fearsome lightning energy immediately pierced through 10s of millions of Li, causing the strong warriors on the balconies of the buildings to all open their eyes and look into the distance.

Luo Feng and the group who were suppressed by that powerful energy had all gone pale, looking shocked from the tower.

In the distance…

A tall and sturdy bull giant dressed in ancient copper armor was almost like a god of the land and skies, wielding a huge axe that was almost his size and waving it and slashing towards another great being that was currently a beam of lightning fleeing, that lightning energy they all felt was from this absolute being fleeing.

Silence.

Luo Feng and the rest of them were all shocked and pressured by the energies of these 2 absolute beings.

“They actually dare to battle in Primal chaos city?” The purple golden long robed middle aged man looked in the distance, saying shocked, “Waze, how can this bull man be so stupid?”


Chapter 450: Primal Chaos City Leader

“Waze, you just entered Primal chaos city for a few days and you actually dare to make a move on Leibo?”

“Isn’t making a move in Primal chaos city looking for death?”

Engulfed in the blurry chaos energy within the city, it was impossible to see the end of the city. On the balconies of the many buildings, the warriors of the universe all opened their eyes wide and stared at the distant two people. The one being chased was completely engulfed in lightning, he purposely let his lightning pierce through the entire skies.

“Roar!” The tall and sturdy wild bull giant, with his bright red eyes, raged as he waved that terrifying huge axe. His opponent simultaneously fled as he too waved his lightning pike.

The space around them crumbled, chaos energy rippled throughout.

In the tower of the owner’s residence.

Luo Feng and the group of individuals had all gone pale. They were simply like ants, while the two in the distance were like giant ancient gods.

“These two…” Luo Feng held his breath, looking at the distant space crumble, his eyes opened wide, “They are too strong! Undyings are actually that terrifying.”

Most of the undyings he had met were mostly in the virtual universe. Even the ones he met in reality were controlling their auras. This was the first time he was witnessing an undying actually raging, and this rage, with just a wave, was enough to crumble space within the universe.

“Just his strength alone can break space?” Luo Feng looked up, the surge of lightning snakes in the air, “The lightning pierced through 10 million Li.”

With a flip of their hands they could easily destroy a planet, these were undying!

Luo Feng finally understood.

“Rumble…”

Within the entire primal chaos city resounded a rage filled roar, suddenly the land and skies completely went dark. Luo Feng was shocked to realize that the initial occasional splits and crumbles in space had sealed by itself, the flowing origin law energies, and even the chaos energies, these all completely went silent and stopped moving altogether.

In the distance, the two absolute warriors went silent too.

“Rumble…”Above them, large amounts of chaos energy had formed a giant hand, almost like a mountain size hand.

This chaos energy hand violently smacked down, like the heavens smashing down altogether!

Chi! Chi!

The two undyings had a look of shock and fear in their eyes. Waze and Leibo, these two had pretty high reputations even within the 1,008 universe countries as powerful undyings. Nevertheless, they were immediately reduced to powder, almost like smashing tofu, the powerful warriors within primal chaos city all stared wide eyed…

Both of them became nothing but powder, even their souls turned to dust!

“Chichi…”

“Chichi…”

In the distant space, the dust began to swiftly gather again, forming 2 human shapes, one was the bull giant and the other the skinny man engulfed in lightning, their faces both pale, the skinny man shouted out, “City leader, it’s him who wants to kill me, it’s Waze who wants to kill me, I’m innocent!”

“I only hate I wasn’t able to kill you!” The bull man’s eyes were red, staring hard at the skinny man, roaring softly.

“Stupid!” The skinny man laughed coldly and glanced at him.

“Ah!” The bull man roared with rage.

It couldn’t be helped…

Just a thought from the city leader and 100,000 Li of chaos energy formed a hand, causing these two undyings to barely survive through it, with no ability to fight back at all. That level of attack control…it was terrifying!

“The 3rd law enforcement team, will kick both Waze and Leibo out of the primal universe. Waze will be locked in the 9th starfield jail, Leibeo in the 2nd starfield jail.” A low voice, infused with traces of metal or something similar, resounded throughout the entire primal universe.

“Yes!”

A resounding reply echoed through the airs of the city.

Five blood colored lights flew over, against the law enforcement team, the two undyings that had already suffered a heavy blow from before had no resistance at all and not even a trace of resentment. They obediently followed the team and left in a entirely blood red universe ship.

……

Within that blood red universe ship.

“Waze, you are considered lucky. This time you didn’t kill anyone, if you had killed someone, you’d be dead without a doubt, you wouldn’t be simply locked up in the 9th starfield jail.” Dressed in a blood red armor, carrying a peculiar round blade, the law enforcement undying shook his head.

“Hmph.”

The bull man raged softly, his expression struggling as he stared at the distant skinny man, “I only hate that I didn’t kill Leibo, Leibo! So what if you hide within Primal chaos city, I will still come to kill you!”

“Stupid, even after you came in you were unable to kill me? This time I’m entering the 2nd jail while you the 9th starfield jail, haha, I’ll watch how you die!” Leibo laughed maniacally.

“Die? How can I die before I kill you!” The bull giant seemed to want to swallow his opponent.

“You’ve been injured this badly, you won’t be able to recover within the next hundred years, and you can still rave on so crazily.”

“Silence.”

The law enforcements, five undyings roared simultaneously. The bull giant and the skinny man finally stopped bickering with each other.

Everything happened in an instant and the group of youths in the tower were all stunned. Most of the primal chaos cities’ tens of thousands of warriors too were calm. Only very few who were close or had spoken to Leibo and Waze began discussing, many continued their training. After all, the time within primal chaos city was simply too valuable.

For undyings to enter, just one slot was incredibly shocking.

“They even became dust, but they still survived.”

“I dare to guarantee, both their souls were dead beyond dead.”

“What do you know? Those two undyings have already reached the immortal body level. Their every cell has been infused with their mental memories, even if their souls are destroyed and reduced to ashes, as long as one cell remains, they can swiftly absorb energy and their body bits and regain their form.”

“Immortal body?”

“I heard that even amongst the undying, very few actually make it to this level.”

“Those two undyings don’t even mean anything. That city leader that made that move, now that was a truly terrifying being. He didn’t even show himself, with just a thought…the entire universe space stopped its movement, even the space splits and origin law engravings all stopped.”

The group of geniuses were discussing rampantly.

Luo Feng and the group were both shocked and excited over what had happened , especially that move by the city leader…it was simply overwhelming. Their bloods rushed with adrenaline, this was because they could all see that the city leader didn’t even reveal himself, and he actually controlled the entire space within the city.

Just how big of a deal was this?

All of the universe laws, all of primal chaos city stopping its movement. Within an instance all beings were forced to freeze, just what level was this? Simply unbelievable!

“To be primal chaos city’s leader, his position must be much higher than all the universe country leaders. Even in the entire universe, he must be an absolute being, with just a thought he can control the entire universe space and freeze its movement.” Luo Feng was completely stunned, the leader of primal chaos city…he felt like he was the master of the universe!

Right, Master!

“Damn, I’ve followed your teacher for over 60 million years. I’ve never seen such a powerful and brutal being.” In his mind Babata’s high voice resounded, “That’s sick, I’ve seen a universe country leader make a move. I thought that was terrifying as within an instant he controlled the space and destroyed or and injured countless within a starfield. However it still pales in comparison to that primal chaos city leader’s attack! This leader must definitely be a pinnacle being. I even feel like this primal universe is his!”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

There was indeed that feeling of the city being the leader’s, and the leader was the universe itself.

“Primal universe, there’s just this one primal chaos city.”

“It’s a lot more ancient than many universe countries. The leader of this city, is the true pinnacle being of the vast universe.” Luo Feng completely held his breath, he had the confidence of becoming an undying, even the power to head towards becoming a universe country leader. No matter what happened, as least he was able to see and touch this dream of his!

A universe country leader, opening a new universe country, not falling for a trillion years.

That was already a heavenly goal.

In the history of the entire humanity in the universe, it took trillions of years for a universe country leader to appear. Hence, one could only imagine it’s difficulty.

As for the even higher primal chaos city leader…Luo feng felt like he did when he was young looking into the skies.

He was mortal, that leader was like the gods himself. For someone that small to look up, it made him wonder…is that a place a normal person can actually reach?

“Universe country leader, dominating for a trillion years, they were all unbelievable existences, and even during your teacher’s life span, there was no news of any new universe country leaders being produced at all! Even stronger than a universe country leader? My god.” Babata had completely descended into madness.

……

The ancient primal chaos city, Luo Feng and the group of youths stood in the tower, watching the splits in spaces within the skies. Those splits had threads of origin laws interweaving between each other. Watching them gave off a feeling of the origin laws and their peculiar ripples mixing with each other.

Luo Feng and the group were immersed within.

They were all geniuses that had stepped through the gateway of the origin laws, hence it was naturally very easy to get immersed within. If it was some normal fighter or spirit reader that hadn’t stepped through the entrance, they’d only be stunned while watching this scene in front of them.

They had been stimulated.

Of the hundred, they were all proud geniuses, all absolute geniuses within their universe countries. However no matter how absolute a genius they were…there was a group every 5000 years! Just how many were there in a trillion years? However, since the primal universe had humans from a long time ago, with countless vast and long time flows, how long did it take for a primal chaos city leader like person to appear?

They were all stimulated!

The group of proud geniuses were all holding their breaths within. Even if they couldn’t become a primal chaos city leader, they would still become universe country leaders. However their logical side was telling them…even for the most genius of the group … Bolan, his chances of becoming a universe country leader was probably at most 1 over 10 million, much less the rest of them.

“…Wei Te, Luo Feng…you 12 follow me, enter the 9 universe primal chaos tablet room.” The black robed receiver came to castle and called 12 names.

Standing there with his eyes closed and immersed in his training, Luo Feng had to be awoken by his living AI Babata before he startled. After which, he followed the other 11 young geniuses who chose the 9 universe tablet, all being led by the black robed receiver into the training room.


Chapter 451: Participation

The city leader’s residence was extremely spacious. There were many constructs within, taking up a circular area of 1,000 Li.

The black robed receiver took Luo Feng and the group of 12 through a pathway that was about 60m wide and 120m tall. The sides of that pathway had huge bronze doors, every one of them were 160m long and 120m tall and each of them had ancient words on them.

Muzu, Huge Axe, Dragon age…

Before each door stood a kind looking old man.

The peculiar thing was!

The old man standing before each door all looked exactly similar.

“There are a total of 52 doors here, each of them leading to one of the 52 primal chaos tablet rooms.” The black robed receiver smiled, “Ahead is the 9 universe tablet training room entrance. Oh, we’ve arrived.”

Luo Feng looked at the huge bronze door.

The bronze door that had been here for over a hundred million years had two universe language words on it. 9 doors, at 120 tall, it made one able to help but look up to see it in its entirety! Beside the door stood an old man with a vertical eye on his forehead, similar in appearance to all the other old men.

“Lord Kandeli.” The black robed receiver bowed.

“Hm.” The 3 eyed old man smiled and looked at Luo Feng and the group, “A new group of punks from the Virtual Universe Company?”

“Yes.”

The black robed receiver was incomparably respectful, following which he turned and looked at the group, “This is Lord Kandeli, the guardian of the primal chaos tablet training rooms. Before each of the 52 tablet doors…they are all clones that Lord Kandeli has conjured. He has been guarding the 52 doors for over a million eras, he’s the most respected warrior in primal chaos city.”

Hua!

The group of youths were shocked as they looked at this ordinary kind looking 3 eyed old man. They were surprised to find out that it was actually one person guarding all 52 doors. As one of the 3 treasures of Primal chaos city, the importance of these 52 tablets were inconceivable. Allowing one person to conjure 52 clones to watch over them, just how strong was this person? And he had been guarding them for over a million eras…

As for the master of the Yun Mo Planet Hu Yan Bo, he had only been living for over 6000 eras.

“Lord Kandli.” Luo Feng and the group bowed respectfully.

“Hehe, they are really young, looking at you is akin to looking to the future hope of humanity.” Kandeli smiled and nodded, “Wait a moment, the group inside are coming out momentarily.”

“Yes.” Luo feng and the group obediently complied.

“Incredible! Primal chaos city is indeed the sacred training land of humanity. The strong are like clouds, powerful beyond reason. In an instant we met a guardian that has been watching over the rooms for over a million eras, an old monster.” Babata shouted shocked, “Your teacher was stronger than you and he had lived longer too. However the amount of strong warriors he’s met pales in comparison to you. The difference in the circles you travel in, really depicts the people you meet.”

The master of the Yun Mo Planet was after all a lone warrior. Him meeting even one universe country leader was a rare occurrence.

Even though Luo Feng was weak, however he had entered the core of the Virtual Universe Company. Hence, getting the opportunity to interact with the pinnacle of the human race and other unbelievable beings was not a surprise at all.

“Lord Kandeli, Lord Kandeli.” A shout resounded.

Shua!

With a gold band on his head and boots on his feet, an ape youth emitting a strong aura suddenly appeared at the entrance of the bronze door. He immediately bowed respectfully at Lord Kandeli, and looking at Luo Feng’s group, he smiled from his eyes, “Lord Kandeli, looks like my timing was just right. I’ll be able to enter with them to participate. If I was a bit slower, I’d have to wait another 7 days.”

“Ah, you’ve broken through?” Kandeli smiled as he looked at the ape youth.

“Right, I’ve successfully passed the 6th level, thereby getting another 7 days to view and study the tablet.” The Ape youth said.

Kandeli closed his eyes for a couple of seconds and opened after, nodding, “Hm, you’ve indeed received another 7 days to study the tablet.”

“Addition?”

In the group beside, Luo Feng thought, “When you first enter primal chaos city, one can receive 7 days to study the tablet. And from the looks of it…it seems like fulfilling a condition, or passing some test, one can get another chance.” How does one actually receive another chance to study the tablet? Luo Feng and the group still didn’t know. However they believed they would learn about it soon, after all they were going to stay in primal chaos city for 30 years.

They quietly waited.

After about 5 to 6 minutes, “Rumble…” The entire bronze door opened gradually. The chaos energy leaked out from within, making it impossible to see clearly within.

“Come out!” Kandeli looked inside and roared softly.

His voice resounded continuously within the training room. Very quickly, human silhouettes began to emerge from the chaos energy flow, and many seemed to be covering their ears with their hands. There was one tall and sturdy youth with 6 eyes on his forehead. He seemed reluctant as he turned back to take one last look, however he still left in the end.

“You 13, you can enter now.” Kandeli looked at the group before them, “After 7 days, the door will open and you will exit immediately, understood?”

“Understood.”

The group nodded.

“Ok.” Kandeli nodded, “Go in.”

The group immediately entered one after another, filled with anticipation and nervousness.

The training room was extremely huge and the chaos energy revolved within.

Luo Feng carefully surveyed the area, looking at the chaos energy revolve about a huge stone tablet, “That’s the 9 universe tablet?” Luo Feng felt both anticipation as well as nervousness. The other 11 youths too were similar, only that ape youth was very familiar with the insides of the training room as he began his study immediately.

Drawing close to the primal chaos tablet, only then could one see it clearly.

This was a 100m tall, 100m wide primal chaos tablet. On it were 9 pictures and at the sides of the tablet were universe language words…9 universe. Every picture was similar to the pictures on the walls they had seen before. However the feeling it gave off was obviously different.

From the earlier viewing of the pictures of the 9 universe before, they already knew how it looked.

The 1st picture was that of a drizzle of rain. However on careful examination, one would realize there were only 9 drops of rain!

The 2nd picture was that of continuous rain. On careful examination, there was a total of 36 rain drops.

The 3rd picture was that of a downpour. Large amounts of rain gathered together, there were a total of 108 rain drops.

The 4th was that of a star diagram. One planet had 4 moons surrounding it.

The 5th was that of a galaxy. With 12 planets within, everyone with different amounts of moons.

The 6th was Galaxia, with countless planets forming a vast galaxia. Even when Luo Feng was viewing the picture before, he had asked Babata to count them but he too was unable to determine the number of planets, as there were many areas that were distant and faint. They seemed to be filled with planets, yet it was impossible to count the exact number.

The 7th picture, seemed like a peculiar beast.

The 8th was also similarly to the peculiar beast.

The 9th picture was one with countless peculiar beasts, it was impossible to count them.

If one said that with these set of 1-6 pictures, Luo feng could still faintly understand a little and feel the faint origin law paths within the 9 universe tablet, then the final set of pictures 7 to 9, they were extremely abstract.

Luo Feng simply felt they were some weird beasts. How could they possible hold anything with regards to the origin laws, they were simply too abstract.

However!

The 52 primal chaos tablets were still the treasures of the humanity of the universe. By comprehending any one of the tablets, becoming a universe country leader would be simple. As such, countless absolute warriors had regarded the set of pictures 7 to 9 held unbelievable profound mysteries within. It’s simply Luo Feng’s power was too weak. Hence, he couldn’t even feel a hint of its meaning.

……

Luo Feng had seen the entire 9 universe tablet In the picture before, however now when faced with the actual thing…

Especially when seeing the 1st drizzle picture, his consciousness immediately got immersed within. Those 9 rain drops began to morph into limitless images within his mind. One had to know that Luo Feng had 3 bodies, and as all 3 bodies had consciousness conduits, like the one of an earth human was within the consciousness of the soul.

The golden horned beast’s conduit was the internal core within.

The Mosha clan’s was within the life crystal.

And as the 3 were one, their consciousness was linked.

Hence whatever Luo Feng saw, naturally the other two would see within his internal space.

“Roar…”Within the golden horned beast’s eyes, the 9 rain drops became extremely sharp claws, a powerful waving tail, even like golden horns shooting out…

The Mosha clan clone, who was in the form of a black clothed Luo Feng, wielding a shield and a blade, the internal life core slightly revolved, melding perfectly with the space origin laws. He felt that the 9 drops formed blade work which was infused with space laws. As the mosha clan was favoured by space itself, the Mosha clan automatically began to unleash its bladework.

And the human being standing right before the 9 universe tablet, looking at the 9 drops…

He could faintly see 9 different concepts, almost as though it became 9 golden blades that continuously formed and rippled over and over like strong waves…

……

They were all good at different things, hence the things they saw were different.

Yet all these different paths led to one destination!

To be able to be called one of the treasures of Primal chaos city, a treasure of the entire humanity, the 9 universe tablet was indeed a mysterious and incredibly profound. The energy and origin laws emanating from it, would automatically suck the viewer in to subconsciously study it. As it was incredibly valuable, one would get the chance to study it when one first enters primal chaos city. However, one would have to rely on his own comprehension after to perceive the profoundness of these tablets.

Resources were limited.

A true strong warrior, only he would receive 1, 2, maybe even 3 more times …to study them again. Every time lasting 7 days!

……

The 13 people within the training room were completely immersed, unable to even comprehend the amount of time that passed.

“Rumble…” The huge bronze door rumbled open, the 13 still immersed within weren’t even awoken from that.

“Come out!”

A voice resounded within, immediately piercing into all their minds.

“Come out! Come out! Come out! Come out!”…The voice repeatedly resounded within their minds, getting louder as it continued, causing all of them to be startled and awoken. That continuous roar within his mind caused Luo Feng to grab his head unconsciously.

Sou, sou, sou, the 13 quickly rushed outside, during the time they passed through the entrance, only then did the repeated roars vanish, and they regained comfort.

“Has it ended?”

When Luo Feng walked through the entrance, he turned back reluctantly to give it one last look. However with the chaos energy revolving within, one couldn’t see the tablet clearly. Only now did Luo Feng understand why the previous group was reluctant as they left.


Chapter 452: Heavenly Bridge

In front of the training room, the ape youth bowed respectfully at the guardian Kandeli and later became a beam of light and left.

“You 12 wait for a moment.” The guardian Kandeli smiled.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng looked curiously at the old man. The other geniuses were also curious as Kandeli smiled, “This is the first time for you all entering the training room. Let me give you some advice…First go look for the place where you will stay for the next 30 years. Then enter the virtual universe and request to enter the Heavenly Bridge.”

“Enter the Heavenly bridge?” Luo Feng and the rest were curious.

“Once you enter the virtual universe network and enter the Heavenly bridge, you’ll understand.” Kandeli smiled indifferently, “You can leave now.”

The guardian didn’t wish to speak any more, Luo Feng and his group could only leave.

Leaving the residence, Luo Feng separated from the 12 and began looking for his quarters.

The amount of area Primal chaos city had was vast. Except for several special constructs, the rest of the buildings were identical, and most of the doors were white, meaning there wasn’t anybody living in there.

“Where should I choose to live for the next 30 years?”

Luo Feng pondered, “Hm, I’ll choose the center of the city, the quieter buildings.” The city leader’s residence was the center of the entire city. Surrounding this residence were many buildings, which were mostly empty. Luo Feng very quickly found a more deserted living quarters.

Standing before the door, he placed his hand on it.

“Di, di, di…” The door made several noises and simultaneously started to turn grey, from white to grey, until it finally stopped.

“Welcome master.” An electronic voice resounded.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng entered the living quarters. The 1st level was an extremely huge living room, within it the facilities were incredibly luxurious and advanced, the electronic voice continued, “I am a service AI. During your time of stay, I will service you. Whatever you need, for example food, drinks etc, please feel free to order.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng followed the stairs upwards and became a beam of light, immediately reaching the balcony on the 3rd floor.

On that balcony there were several casual markings left behind by warriors that had trained there before. However they were random and unruly, even though he could faintly feel some of their special energies, however after seeing one of the 52 primal chaos tablet, he didn’t have much interest in such random messy scribbles.

His time in the primal universe was extremely valuable, he couldn’t waste any of it on such low efficiency methods.

“Hu!”

“From today on, I’ll truly begin my training days within primal chaos city!” Luo Feng surveyed his surroundings. In the distance he could see warriors training hard on their balconies. Many of them had almost similar appearances, their hairs had grown extra long, almost as though they hadn’t moved in many years.

“I’ll first enter the virtual universe network.”

……

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang Mountain, Absolute beginning region, villa 1136.

Luo Feng appeared within his villa.

“Your majesty!”

A group of staff and waiters bowed.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded and asked simultaneously, “Request to enter Heavenly bridge.”

“Understood.”

On his shoulder, the fist sized virtual helper Babata immediately connected to the virtual universe main system and requested. Very quickly, a sound rang in Luo Feng’s mind, “Identity confirmed, Luo Feng, you’ve gained eternal access to enter the Heavenly bridge, we hope you work hard and reach the end of the Heavenly bridge. Beginning transfer!”

Shua!

Luo Feng immediately vanished from the villa.

……

Virtual universe, within a special space.

This was an endless ocean, the waves flowed one after another.

And above the ocean there was one single beautiful island. Beside it were 52 ports, and every port had an endless bridge extending out of it, all the way till the end of the horizon…almost as though it was connecting into the distant horizon. These 52 bridges completely covered the entire air above the ocean.

Above the ocean, there was even a slight mist, making one unable to see clearly above the ocean. With the mist engulfing everything, it made the bridges look mystical and dreamy.

Luo Feng suddenly appeared in a plaza in the center of the island.

“Luo Feng.”

“Luo Feng, you’ve come too.”

There were already 9 other youths there. Luo Feng looked, these 9 were those that had studied the 9 universe tablet together with him.

“Do you all know, just what this place is?” Luo Feng asked curiously.

“’You can ask the lord watchman.”

The 9 pointed not too far away, there stood in the plaza a man dressed in a black star robe. He had 4 ears, no nose, his entire being seemed friendly as he smiled and walked over, “How are you, Luo Feng. I am the Heavenly bridge’s watchman Bevin, however I prefer others to call me watchman.”

“How do you do Lord watchman.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

“Let me introduce you.” The watchman Bevin nodded, “This Heavenly bridge is built specifically for the 52 primal chaos tablets.”

“Over the trillions of years, our universe humanity has had many people studying the 52 primal chaos tablets. Hence within primal chaos city, they naturally formed 52 sects.” The watchman Bevin exclaimed, “For example, you all studied the 9 universe tablet, naturally you will belong to the 9 universe sect and will be one of their members. However while you’ve all studied the same tablet, your comprehension levels will be different, and only the strong ones will receive another chance to study the tablet from Primal chaos city.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Another chance to study?

After just one study of the 9 universe tablet, he had already understood his direction and training for quite awhile. This level of improvement and growth was very addictive. If he could study the tablet once again, how perfect would that be.

“How does one prove his strength, that doesn’t rely on words.” The watchman Bevin smiled, “Hence we’ve built this Heavenly bridge within the virtual universe. By passing each level and reaching further, would mean one’s strength is growing!”

“On this island there are 52 bridges, each for the 52 tablets. You studied the 9 universe tablet, hence you will venture into the 9 universe heavenly bridge. This 9 universe bridge is incredibly long, each level gets harder, there are a total of 27 levels!”

“If one can pass the 1st level, he’d receive another chance to study the tablet. Every time one passes a level, he’d receive another chance!” The watchman Bevin smiled as he looked at Luo Feng.

“Ah.” Luo Feng realized.

Right.

The ape youth they had met at the entrance of the training room before, he had said, “Hm, I’ve successfully passed the 6th level, I get another 7 days to study.”

Obviously one would get another chance after passing one level.

“However, the heavenly bridge is extremely hard to pass.” The watchman Bevin exclaimed, “For young people such as yourselves, normally you wouldn’t even be able to pass the 1st level.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

“The 9 universe heavenly bridge has a total of 27 levels! The further you make, it represents your understanding of the 9 universe tablet is getting deeper and stronger. If you fully comprehend the entire tablet, you’d be able to make it past all 27 levels, however…that’s simply too difficult.”

“Even the Undyings normally only make it to level 10.” The watchman Bevin sighed, “If you can make it to the 18th level, you’d be an undying that’s almost invincible. Making it to level 21…one can become a universe country leader.”

“What?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Making it to level 21, one can become a universe country leader!

Becoming a universe country leader was incredibly difficult, then one could only imagine how hard it was to make it to level 21. Even becoming undying was incredibly difficult…hence making it to level 10 of the tower was already impressive. As for the highest level 27, only those that fully comprehended the entire 9 universe primal chaos tablet could accomplish it, that was too far away.

“Work hard!” The watchman Bevin smiled, “This is the path to the pinnacle, there’ve been many who’ve walked down the 52 paths in humanity. The moment you pass the 18th level, you’d also receive the right to become an eternal member of primal chaos city, you don’t need any slots in the namelists or anything else!”

“Ah?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Eternal member of Primal chaos city?

However passing 18 levels was simply too difficult.

“Those that entered before have failed.” The watchman Bevin looked at Luo Feng and the group, “Next one, go pass the heavenly bridge.”

“I’ll go.”

The 9 that arrived there, one after another they became beams of lights that flew towards the 9 universe heavenly bridge. After 2 minutes, the watchman said, “Another failure, next one.”

“Another failure, next.”

“Failure, next.”

……

“All have failed, there’s only you Luo Feng left.”

At this time, the number of new people trying to pass the bridge was a total of 12, two of which had tried before Luo Feng arrived, and the 11 before him had all failed, leaving only Luo Feng left. This made him feel extreme pressure. “Obviously passing the bridge is extremely hard, these were all geniuses, and there were 3 from the Absolute beginning region, yet none of them had even passed the 1st level.”

“Luo Feng, work hard.” The watchman Bevin smiled at him, “From this batch, including the close to 900 who’ve tried before, up to 90% have tried passing the bridge.”

“So many, except for Bolan, no one else has passed the 1st level.”

“What?” Luo Feng was shocked.

There were many that had entered the training rooms earlier. Luo Feng had to spend his first day in the tower, hence he and this batch of youth geniuses could only now go through the trials, this was completely normal.

“Bolan is very strong, he continuously passed both the 1st and 2nd levels, receiving 2 extra chances to study.” The watchman Bevin exclaimed, “As for the rest, even the other Primal region member Long Yun couldn’t even pass the 1st level, none of them did.”

Stress.

Luo Feng felt tremendous pressure. From his batch of geniuses, Bolan, Long Yun, Jia Lai Xi, they had all tried passing the bridge, based on the time they entered the training room. During the time Luo Feng entered his…those that had chosen the Huge Axe tablet, Rong Jun and the Manka youth Wuka had yet to enter theirs.

Hence, the only remaining geniuses from the Absolute beginning that had yet to go through the bridge were Luo Feng, Rong Jun and Wuka.

“Go on!” The watchman Bevin looked with anticipation at Luo Feng.

Sou!

Luo Feng became a beam of light and immediately headed towards the extremely long Heavenly bridge. From afar he could see that the bridge he headed to had the stone tablet with the words 9 universe on it.


Chapter 453: True Yan Emperor

The Heavenly bridge extended way beyond the horizon, with a white mist engulfing it, and the ocean below choppy with waves.

The moment Luo Feng entered the 9 universe bridge, within his mind Babata’s voice resounded, “Luo Feng, we just received a mail, it’s from the Virtual Universe Company.”

“What does it say?” Luo Feng asked.

“It’s the points reward system.” Babata said.

“Points?”

Luo Feng stood on the bridge, excited within. There were many incredibly valuable items within the Virtual Universe Company, like the level 5 spirit weapons and sorts were only worth about 10 points, even the life fruits one could exchange for. This level of wealthy exchange was enough to make others speechless. However, one had to have sufficient points to exchange for them. Even with a crazy amount of wealth, within the Virtual Universe Company, they only recognized the point system.

“Point system exchange, there are many ways to gain more points.”

“Right now in Primal chaos city, you have one way to gain more points, that’s to pass the Heavenly bridge.” Babata said, “There’s a total of 27 levels in the 9 universe bridge!”

“Passing the 1st level, you’ll get 100 points.”

“Passing the 2nd, you’ll get 200.”

“Passing the 3rd, you’ll get 400 points.”

“They compound as you go further, 800, 1600, 3200…”

Luo Feng calculated quickly, if one were to pass over 10 levels, 20 levels, the points would be absurd.

However, simply passing the 21st level, one would be able to become a universe country leader. This showed how hard obtaining the points truly was.

“Luo Feng, the mail even says that since you are a new person to primal chaos city, to the youth geniuses, the Virtual Universe Company has a special reward system. As long as one passes the levels in their first 30 years of their initial stay, they will get 10 fold of their rewards, meaning…”

“In these 30 years, if you pass the 1st level, your reward is 1,000 points, the 2nd level being 2,000…and so on and so forth! This 10 times reward is only for 1st timers and new people to primal chaos city. In the future when you re-enter the city, there’ll be no such good thing.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Originally the 1st couple of levels were 100 points and 200…

Right now they were 1,000 and 2,000 instead.

This was a special reward for the youths, however as they were youths, many had simply just begun comprehension of the origin laws. As the watchman Bevin had said earlier, of the 1,000 geniuses that entered in this batch, close to 900 had tried and other than Bolan, no one had even passed the 1st level!

Wishing to get points?

Difficult!

“I’ll give it a shot.” Luo Feng looked a the Heavenly bridge that extended forever. He finally squinted his eyes and became a beam of light flying forward.

Primal chaos city.

Luo Feng and that 12 were considered the later ones to go through the test. Others like Bolan and Jia Lai Xi, Ai Chen etc, many had already tested earlier on, and they swiftly understood more about primal chaos city already.

“If one wants to become an eternal member of primal chaos city, there should be several methods. However the most impressive would be passing the 18th level on the Heavenly bridge! Anyone who passes the 18th level on the bridge, that would be an invincible being even amongst the undying, and they’d earn the right to open their own sub sect within primal chaos city!” Jiang Mo exclaimed.

“52 sects, there are indeed many sub sects.” Qian Shui nodded.

“To be able to open a sub sect is very impressive.” Jiang Mo said, “Within their own sect, they have extremely high achievements. However to be able to enter these sub sects to listen to the strong warriors give lessons, one still has to at least pass the 3rd level.”

These were the sacred training grounds of the entire humanity. There were 52 great sects, and within each there were many strong warriors with their sub sects. And to be able to gain the recognition of the city leader, to have the right to create one’s own sub sect and be a leader, one has to at least pass the 18th level!

These sub sect leaders purely gave lessons.

The disciples would go listen.

One had to pass the 3rd level to gain the right to go listen to the classes. If one couldn’t even pass the 3rd level, he didn’t have the right to go listen at all.

“52 primal chaos tablets, with different levels of profoundness.” Jiang Mo exclaimed, “Of the 52 bridges, some only have 21 levels, some have 24 and some have 27, while the highest being 32! These 52 primal chaos tablets, of which only the Huge Axe tablet heavenly bridge has 32 levels.”

The levels of the bridge was a definite reflection of the profoundness of the primal chaos tablet.

That was because for all the bridges, passing level 21 would mean that person could become a universe country leader.

“Being more profound doesn’t mean it’s better.” Qian Shui shook her head, “To produce a universe country leader is extremely difficult. Even though these 52 tablets have different levels of profoundness, however out of trillions of geniuses hardly anyone ever reaches level 21. If one can’t even pass level 21, than the Huge Axe tablet’s later levels, what point is there?”

“Right.” Jiang Mo nodded.

……

Within the 52 primal chaos tablets, the 9 universe tablet was considered one of the more profound tablets, ranking in the top 5.

Of course, before becoming a universe country leader, discussing which tablet was more profound had no meaning at all. Just like the 9 universe’s 9 pictures, especially the last 3 pictures, Luo Feng couldn’t feel anything from them whatsoever. They were simply absurd, he couldn’t even feel a trace of their origin laws.

……

Primal chaos city, within a certain 9 level pagoda.

Primal chaos city was made up of most identical buildings and training quarters, however several special constructs…represented special areas and status.

On the 7th level of the 9 level pagoda.

A lady dressed in a black cotton dress was sitting crossed legged. The bottom half of her body was a huge snake tail, the snake tail coiled around and allowed her to sit crossed legged. Her expression was unclear and hard to discern, only her eyes were bright and resplendent, almost like the stars, like an entire galaxy was within, extremely enticing.

“You’ve come.” A hoarse voice resounded from the snake tailed lady.

“Haha.”

A tall and sturdy man, dressed in golden armor, with golden fur on his face, a strong looking ape man appeared within the pagoda, laughing loudly, “Wu Ni, you are also another sub sect leader within the 9 universe sect. No matter what you should open your doors and teach some lessons, give some pointers to the later generations.”

The snake tailed lady said hoarsely, “True Yan Emperor, right now within the 9 universe sect, amongst the many sub sect leaders, you are the strongest. With you teaching the classes, I have no need to do it at all.”

“Haha…”The strong ape man laughed loudly, “We’ve both trained for a trillion years, burying our heads and simply training is already useless. Occasional inspiration may have some effect. From what I see, don’t keep locking yourself within this 9 universe pagoda, when we first built the 9 universe tower, we said we were going to comprehend all 9 pictures. That tall and mighty black mist emperor, how has she become so low profile?”

Amongst the undying, they had different statuses.

Normal undyings could become generals and lead an army.

The strong however are named emperors, like True Yan emperor or Black mist emperor, they were considered absolute beings amongst the undying, opening their own sub sects and teaching the later generations.

9 universe pagoda, its reputation within the city itself was huge, because back then when the black mist emperor built the 9 universe tower she said she would enter whichever level with regards to which picture she was studying. Obviously right now she had begun studying the 9 universe tablet’s 7th picture, hence she stayed within the 7th level of the pagoda.

“Let’s go, from my Virtual Universe Company’s newest batch of geniuses, there are 12 that chose the 9 universe tablet, let’s see if there are any good seedlings. No matter what, I am still the Virtual Universe Company’s True Yan emperor!” The ape man laughed.

“You are from the Virtual Universe Company, I’m from the Huge Axe dojo, why should I go with you.” The snake tailed lady muttered.

“You really aren’t giving me any face?” The ape man stared.

Even though these two had different levels of power, their relationship went deep. Both of them had opened their own subsect in primal chaos city, they both studied the 9 universe tablet together back then, discussing their own comprehension of the origin laws, and this had been going on for 18 eras, while becoming one of the legends within primal chaos city.

Their many discussions had led to the two breaking through the levels time and again.

“Let’s go.” The snake tailed lady shot a glance at the ape man.

“Haha.” The ape man laughed.

……

Virtual universe, Heavenly bridge.

Two people appeared in mid air above the island, the ape man and the snake tailed lady. The willpower and energy pressure that naturally seeped out from the both of them alone made others feel as though they were facing an entire endless space before them.

“True Yan Emperor, Black mist emperor.” The watchman Bevin was extremely respectful.

“How are the results of the test in the 9 universe sect?” The ape man looked at the watchman, the watchman Bevin replied respectfully, “There’s a total of 12 for the 9 universe tablet this time, of which 11 have already ended their trial. Right now the last one is going on, and is probably the one with the most hope of these 12, he’s called Luo Feng.”

“The one with the most hope?” The apeman’s golden fur ruffled a little.

“Hm, the 11 before have all failed, none have been able to pass the 1st level.” The watchman Bevin said.

“Failure is not the matter.” The apeman smiled, “Some are defeated immediately, some struggle for awhile before losing, and some almost won. This also represents their differences in strength. Send me the footage of the previous 11, in awhile, also send me the footage of Luo Feng’s battle.”

“Yes.” The watchman Bevin immediately picked out the 11 videos.

As the watchman, Bevin usually had many matters to attend to, things like the footage of the people attempting the heavenly bridge and others.

Hu! Hu! Hu!

11 scenes appeared before the ape man True Yan emperor, he watched with interest as the battles simultaneously played.

“Hm.” True Yan Emperor rubbed his chin and stroked his golden beard, his mouth twitching.

……

At the time, Luo Feng had reached the end of the 1st level of the 9 universe bridge.

“Choose your opponent, you can choose a fighter, spirit reader controller, spirit reader hypnotist, pick anyone, if you win against your opponent, you’ll pass the 1st level.” Ahead of Luo Feng was a huge cloud mist, from it the voice boomed.

According to the information Luo Feng had acquired.

He had to defeat his opponent before the mist would dissipate and he would be able to enter the 2nd level.

“I choose…controller!” Luo Feng exclaimed.

Hu!

From the mist flew out a black liquid. This black liquid began to condense and gather in mid air, forming a mysterious human silhouette with a black mask. This mysterious man stood on a dark cloud shuttle, carrying a dark golden long rod the Nan Shen Armament, behind the black mask his cold eyes stared at Luo Feng, and he shouted, “Let the battle begin!”


Chapter 454: The 1st Level

“Defeat him, and you’ll be able to proceed to the 2nd level.” That cloud mist resounded.

“How is he so similar to me, using the dark cloud shuttle and the Nan Shen Armament?” Luo Feng squinted. With a thought, 6 square shaped Absolute Void shields along with the blood shadow blade’s Golden shadow blade, simultaneously a dark golden long rod behind him immediately shot out a total of 54 beams of light.

Every 9 beams swiftly combined and formed very real golden blades that were 1/3 of a meter long!

The Nan Shen Armament 2nd level…Sky piercing formation. The main form was to create one true blade, however Luo Feng immediately produced 6 of them. One of the reasons was because he had broken through from the star level 9 to the universe level 1, and more importantly, over his 3 years travel through the universe, his strength had increased shockingly.

“Kill!” The mysterious man roared, the dark cloud shuttle rushed over and he swiftly formed 3 real golden blades behind him too.

The two of them were both controllers!

Both rushed towards each other swiftly, one controlling 6 golden blades while the other 3.

“Over these 3 years, I haven’t relaxed at all. Compared to the genius battle, I’m much stronger than before! I will let you test my powers!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with endless fighting spirit. 6 golden blades immediately seemed extremely well organized, working about each other and immediately piercing forward!

Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang!

In mid air, the 6 blades engaged in a frenzied battle against the mysterious person’s 3 blades.

“What’s going on?” Luo Feng was shocked within.

Before coming to primal chaos city, he was already able to unleash 6 blades…controlling these 6 blades had become comfortable and best for himself as he was used to it. Even after studying the primal chaos tablet for 7 days, with huge improvements, he still chose to use only 6 blades as this was his most optimum attack formation.

“He actually blocked it, I don’t believe this!” Luo Feng’s eyes were cold.

6 golden blades, almost like 6 excellent soldiers working together, attacking and pulling back together, very perfect, attacking time and again…trying time and again to break through the 3 golden blades to kill the enemy.

However!

Fail! Fail! Fail!

Failure over and over. That mysterious person’s 3 blades were controlled in a very special way, almost as though the 3 weren’t separate at all, but was one perfect body! The 3 blades gave off a feeling…of endless waves rushing towards the enemy! Like an enormous mountain that reached the skies, immovable!

“How is this possible?” Luo Feng was shocked within, “I’m using 6 blades, he only has 3, how can I not have any advantage?”

Hardwork!

He tried time and again with different methods to control the 6 blades with perfect precision, however the opponent stayed floating in mid air, easily blocking with the 3 blades.

“Stupid, you don’t even know something so simple.” The mysterious man’s eyes through the black mask had a sense of ridicule, “And you think you can pass the 1st level, go and die!”

Xiu!

The 3 blades the masked man was controlling suddenly changed formation. They suddenly drew closer to each other, giving off a 3 become 1 feeling, like a huge blade that was insatiable and powerful. Luo Feng was shocked within as he controlled his 6 blades to block it, “Rumble…” With a huge clash, his 6 blades were completely knocked away.

“How…” In the distant air, Luo feng was taken aback.

“Haha, stupid! Stupid! Stupid!” The mysterious man roared.

Against the 3 rainbows that pierced over, Luo Feng roared fiercely, “Rise!”

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

3 more golden blades rose from behind Luo Feng, the 6 that were knocked away rose back up too. Luo Feng’s body glowed in a glaring golden light, it rippled throughout in all directions, and later swiftly condensed itself around the 9 blades, the 9 blades seemed to form a large formation!

With golden threads weaving in and through, the golden energy flowed throughout with the blades within, with Luo Feng as the center of a 300m round space, immediately a glaring golden energy world was formed, with countless amounts of energy flowing within that ball of space.

It may have seemed slow.

In truth, the moment the 9 blades rose, they swiftly formed the ball of space.

Nan Shen Armament’s 3rd level, Heavenly blade formation!

Also known as the blade domain!

There were a total of 9 levels in the Nan Shen Armament, of which the 2nd level the sky piercing formation was the fusion of 9 golden illusionary blades to form one true blade. The 3rd level however required simultaneously producing 9 true blades, that’s equivalent to 81 golden little blades forming them in total. It was extremely difficult, hundreds of times more so than the 2nd level!

Luo Feng was able to successfully unleash this.

With his huge improvement over the past 3 years, and his spirit energy reaching universe level 1.

Chi chi chi…

The 3 beams of golden rainbows, seemed to get lost within that round space, weakened by the countless blade energy, their speeds slowing by quite abit.

“I admit you are very strong, however against absolute strength, you will still lose!” Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle and rushed swiftly towards the distant mysterious man.

Sword domain, with Luo Feng as the center.

Luo Feng rushed, the entire domain swiftly followed him.

“Break! The mysterious man swiftly dodged and let out a roar!

Chi!

The 3 blades he controlled immediately closed in together. Countless golden threads weaved through, surrounding these blades and forming a golden huge blade. The dreamy golden huge blade swiftly knocked away the countless blade energy obstructing it and with its dreamy rainbow light, pierced towards Luo Feng.

“What move is this?” Luo Feng was shocked, he trained with the Nan Shen Armament, studied it, yet he didn’t know this move.

“Heavenly blade!”

Luo Feng roared.

Chi!

The 9 blades that formed the sword domain immediately became one body and with his spirit reading control, immediately 1 of the blades was like a hunting leopard, bringing with it the power of the sword domain and immediately pierced towards that golden huge blade. The entire domain with the countless blade energy seemed to have received orders to empower the blade, following it from behind,

A golden blade empowered with the sword domain!

A huge golden blade formed by the 3 blades!

They clashed!

“Rumble!”

The golden blade immediately got knocked back, that golden huge blade was like a large ship smashing its way forward, immediately knocking away his blade and reaching before him.

Without anytime to dodge, Luo Feng wielded his blade to form a shield.

“Rumble!”

Luo Feng used his shield trying to deflect some of the force away, yet he only felt as though a majestic mountain had crashed into him, causing his entire body to tremor with fresh blood spewing out of his mouth, “No wonder even the Heavenly blade couldn’t stop it, this power is too unbelievable.” Following which his consciousness was lost.

……

When he awoke, he had returned to the virtual universe’s Yu Xiang Mountain, within the Absolute beginning region, his own villa.

“Your majesty.” The waiters and guards bowed.

“hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Your majesty went to try the heavenly bridge, how did it go?” The villa head, also the leader of the guards, Sector lord Ao Duo Li Ke asked.

“Failure.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“The heavenly bridge is very hard to pass, failure during the 1st time is very normal, your majesty needn’t fret too much about it.” Ao Duo Li Ke said.

Luo Feng seemed very calm on the surface, he returned to his study.

Within the study.

“I lost.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, “Our batch of 1,000, about 900 have been tested, except for Bolan passing the two levels, no one else has made it. Failure…I’m no exception, however the 1st opponent I met, similarly uses the Nan Shen Armament, using only 3 golden blades, he actually broke my Heavenly blade formation.”

“Foundation!”

“Luo Feng, I’ve always said the foundation is very important. You are able to unleash 9 golden blades to form the heavenly blade formation, he only used 3 blades yet he can win. This is the importance of foundation.” On his shoulder, the fist sized Babata shouted.

“It’s not the same, he uses the Nan Shen Armament in a totally different way.” Luo Feng recalled the battle before, “Be it controlling 6 blades, or 9…no matter, they seemed to be single units, like 6 or 9 soldiers working together. The way he controlled it however, he was actually able to amplify their powers, like 1 true body. Especially that last move…the 3 blades fused together to form one huge golden blade!”

Nan Shen Armament 3rd level Heavenly blade formation.

The Nan Shen Armament’s 4th level Great work with little labor.

This 4th level, in truth was a great formation of the huge blade becoming one body, with absolute power to crush the enemy!

“I feel that his move was similar to the 4th level.” Luo feng creased his eyebrows, “However it’s still different from the 4th level, the 4th level is much more complex and stronger than his, and he was merely fusing 3 blades, however their fusion power was absurd.”

“This is the trial of the 9 universe tablet…”

The 1st picture of the 9 universe tablet flashed across Luo Feng’s mind…The rain drop picture, there were a total of 9 drops. After 7 days of study, he didn’t have a lot of comprehension from it. At this time he recalled the battle scene, thinking of the raindrop picture, he seemed to recall a part of the picture of which 3 drops seemed to fuse together.

“Don’t tell me…”

Luo Feng’s eyes glowed brighter.

The 7 days of study in his mind, began to fuse with his 3 years of study and experience of the Nan Shen Armament, the ideas clashed and ignited a huge spark of inspiration within, ideas and thoughts began to form continuously.

Excited!

Anticipation!

“I understand, I understand!” Luo Feng couldn’t help but shout out.

“I shouldn’t blindly follow the blueprints!” Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh out loud, “The Nan Shen armament was built as a weapon by a strong warrior. Blindly following its most basic ways of usage is too rigid, and too stupid. No wonder he called me stupid, it was indeed very stupid! The raindrop picture, that’s the true way to unleash the strongest power from the Nan Shen Armament!”

9 universe primal chaos tablet!

It held within it the true pathway. Even the usage of any weapon, among everything else can be comprehended through this huge pathway, eventually finding the most correct path. Even though he failed this time, however the benefit and thoughts that stirred from it was even better than success!

“Let’s begin.”

Luo Feng couldn’t wait any longer.


Chapter 455: Universe Country Leader

Virtual universe training grounds, the most optimum simulation place.

As the virtual universe allowed one to customize the most optimized simulation, it being 100% similar to reality was not a surprise at all. Hence compared to actually training in reality, in terms of experience, comprehension, effect etc, they were completely the same.

Just like how the cost of using the slaughterhouse was extremely high, countless warriors still go there, and as a core member and having his own training ground, Luo Feng was in no rush to look around in primal chaos city’s skies for the origin law energies, but immerse himself in comprehending the sparks of inspiration he had about the 9 universe tablet from before!

“Your majesty, his majesty Wuka is here for a visit.” The bald sector lord Ao duo Li Ke shouted.

“Wuka?”

Luo Feng left the training grounds, becoming a blur and piercing through 10km of distance, immediately arriving at the entrance of the villa.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng, something big has happened.” This silver clothed black haired youth rushed over.

“What’s up?” Luo Feng smiled and asked.

“It’s Rong Jun.” The Manka prince was flushed red with excitement, saying, “You probably don’t know, yesterday we went to the Heavenly bridge to test, our batch of 30 were all under the Huge Axe bridge. However including me, everyone else failed the 1st level, only Rong Jun passed! Our batch of 1,000, only Bolan and Rong Jun passed, Bolan passed 2 levels and Rong Jun passed 1, everybody else failed even the 1st level.”

“What?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Rong Jun succeeded?

In the genius battle before, he and Rong Jun were pretty close in levels.

And during these 3 years of travel, his 3 great bodies had been training at a shocking rate. Even though it was not evident on the surface, Luo Feng had concluded…he was enough to be ranked 2nd! However the outcome of the Heavenly bridge was still like that.

“And also, just earlier.” Wuka continued, “The Leader of the Yuan Chen universe country, accepted Rong Jun as his disciple within primal chaos city.”

Universe country leader?” Luo Feng was stunned.

Universe country leader, dominating a vast universe country, even within the vast universe, they were considered among the governing level, under them were large amounts of undyings.

“How can that be?” Luo Feng couldn’t believe it, “Even Bolan didn’t attract any universe country leaders to come accept him as a disciple.”

“Right, I couldn’t believe it either.” Wuka shook his head, “At the universe country leader level, there’s absolutely no need to accept a disciple. They are already absolute beings that haven’t fallen for over a trillion years, beings that oversee a universe country! Even Bolan… his chances of becoming a universe country leader are extremely slim. Hence, geniuses aren’t worth the universe country leaders taking in as disciples. However, the Yuan chen universe country leader really took Rong Jun in! The news I got is definitely accurate, right now the 1,008 universe countries’ upper echelons are all receiving the news.”

“This, this…” Luo Feng couldn’t help but lose his composure.

Did the heavens drop some treats for him?

Death god Bolan, an absolute genius that everyone else from that batch naturally had to respect. Even he didn’t attract a universe country leader to personally accept him as a disciple. However Rong Jun got a country leader as a teacher!

“This still isn’t the most shocking thing.” Wuka spoke in a hushed voice, “I got this news from my father.”

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“It wasn’t simply one universe country leader that wanted to take Rong Jun as a disciple, it was 2!” Wuka’s eyes gleamed, “However, you should know that behind the 1,008 universe countries lie the 5 great leviathans. Among these 2 universe country leaders, one was from the Virtual Universe Company while the other from the Huge Axe dojo. As Rong Jun is a member of the Virtual Universe Company, he finally became a disciple of Yuan Chen universe country leader.”

“What! Two universe country leaders competed for him? Luo Feng was speechless.

“No matter, Rong Jun is currently stronger than us.” Wuka gripped his fist tight, “Anyway I won’t admit defeat so easily. My father once said, these 30 years in primal chaos city is our beginning 30 years, and the cornerstone of our future endeavors. The training in primal chaos city has just started, it’s still hard to say who will come out on top.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Not just Rong Jun, but Bolan was the number 1 target Luo Feng wanted to overcome.

“How’s your study of the 9 universe tablet?” Wuka asked curiously.

“Still ok.” Luo Feng said.

“I suggest you go to the empty training balconies around to take a look. There are many casual markings left behind by the earlier generations.” Wuka smiled, “With our movement speed, spending 10 days to half a month is enough to do a full sweep to find a marking that fits us. Afterall primal chaos tablets are too profound, and other markings left behind may spark some inspiration. With these ideas sparking and helping each other, it will become easy to understand. That’s what my father said!”

Luo Feng looked shocked at Wuka.

His 1st attempt on the Heavenly bridge alone had given him much inspiration, much improvement. This sort of ideas bouncing around was indeed effective.

“Thanks.” Luo Feng said seriously.

“What thanks? there’s only meaning when I compete with a strong person. The stronger the opponent, the faster my improvement.” Wuka smiled, “I’m leaving, I’m going to look for some markings, knowing that Rong Jun was accepted as a disciple of a universe country leader, I’m currently burning with battle spirit.” Following which he vanished.

Luo Feng nodded.

He couldn’t look down on anyone. To be able to rank in the top 10 of 1,008 universe country geniuses, no one should be overlooked. He had the Mosha clan, the golden horned beast, could others have other special hidden trump cards behind?

“I’ve digested most of my 7 days of study. The 1st raindrop picture of the 9 universe, if I want to study it even deeper, a few days isn’t going to do it, I too have to go look at some markings.” Luo Feng’s consciousness immediately left the virtual universe and back to primal chaos city, following which he began a large search through the primal chaos city grounds!

Virtual universe, Lightning island.

Lightning island was the gathering spot of the undyings within the virtual universe, the gathering spot of the true elites.

On the incredibly vast island, with clouds engulfing it, there were lightning snakes slithering about the corners of the island. If one said that the Yu xiang mountain was larger than ordinary planets, then Lightning island was more than a million Yu Xiang mountains.

“This batch of 1,000 geniuses, after going through the Heavenly bridge, how are the results?” Sitting high in a throne, the green armored purple scaled man’s voice resounded down, booming across the incredibly huge shrine.

“Sir knight.”

Below stood what seemed like an iron tower giant. An ape man with golden fur, his golden fur was incredibly glaring, his entire being like a galaxy, glowing and glaring, he respectfully reported, “This batch of 1,000 geniuses, 998 have all failed their first attempt, Bolan successfully passed 2 levels and Rong Jung passed 1. And watching the footage of their battles, the Absolute beginning members seemed to have good performances, like Luo feng, Qiang Shui, Wuka were all not bad, compared to the genius battles, their improvements are huge.”

“Hm.” The green armored purple scaled man nodded, “Only that Rong Jun gave me a shock, everyone else is still normal.”

“Send the footage of Rong Juns Heavenly bridge battle to me.” The green armored purple scaled man ordered.

“Yes sir knight.” The apeman respectfully sent over the footage.

Following which a screen floated within the shrine, on it the footage played of which Savage Rong Jun was like a wild war god, brutal and fierce. That huge blade swung with perfection, every slash was incredibly fierce, finally killing the opponent using the same blade.

The green armored purple scaled man watched calmly till it ended, slightly creasing his eyebrows, “You can leave.”

“Yes.” The Apeman left respectfully.

There was silence within the shrine.

The green armored purple scaled man watched the screen, muttering, “It’s weird, this Rong Juns battle talents are indeed shocking. Even though his comprehension level isn’t too strong, however he’s able to unleash such terrifying strength! At such a young age creating his own technique, he is a very powerful genius. However, it still isn’t enough for Yuan Chen or Gu Lun, these 2 universe country leaders to compete to accept him as their disciple.”

“Yuan Chen, Gu Lun, these 2 have lived for a long time, much more ancient than I.” The green armored man creased his eyebrows, “And they reached the knight level earlier than I did, maybe they discovered something I haven’t from the footage.”

As an absolute being similar to the Yuan Chen and Gu Lun country leaders.

9 blade knight was very clear the geniuses had no attractiveness to the universe country leaders, what was the point of nurturing a genius? Unless it was nurturing a universe country leader, otherwise it didn’t have much benefit to themselves.

Even Bolan didn’t make anyone fight to accept him.

Rong Jun however, had 2 country leaders compete to accept him.

“There must be a secret, Yuan Chen, Gu Lun, these 2 old punks are the country leaders that have lived the longest, they must have discovered something.” 9 blade knight watched the footage, with his level of being, he had already seen the footage and all its details incredibly clearly, whatever could be discovered would have been discovered already.

“Why?”

“What’s the secret?” 9 blade knight pondered awhile, he could only think deep within.

Primal chaos city, 7th level of the 9 level pagoda.

Dressed in golden armor, the ape man True Yan Emperor was discussing with the snake tail lady about the Yuan Chen universe country leader coming to primal chaos city and accepting Rong Jun as his disciple.

“Rong Jun, his battle talents are extremely high.” The snake tail lady said hoarsely, “His origin law comprehension might be lower, but he’s able to explode with terrifying strength. Very exceptional! Among this batch of 1,000 geniuses from the Virtual Universe Company, except for Bolan, the next is him.”

“You can’t just say that!”

True Yan Emperor said, “Of the 12 punks that chose the 9 universe tablet, there’s one that isn’t beneath Rong Jun, maybe even a stronger genius.”

“You are speaking of Luo Feng?” The snake tail lady nodded, “True, that punk is only universe level 1 and he’s able to unleash the Heavenly blade formation. However he doesn’t know how to adapt, stuck on the basic formations of the Nan Shen Armament. However his origin law comprehension is very solid. With such instruction, his battle strength will rise greatly! In terms of origin law comprehension, Bolan is 1st and Luo feng is indeed number 2!”

“Hm.”

The ape man True Yan Emperor rubbed his chin, muttering, “This Luo Feng is definitely a good seedling in our 9 universe sect, I shall give him some hints.”

“What are you doing?” The snake tail lady was shocked.

“What, that Rong Jun even has a universe country leader as a teacher. I’m just throwing some hints out.” The ape man shook his head, “Right now in primal chaos city, within the 9 universe sect, I’m considered number 1. Those universe country leaders don’t even look up to Luo Feng and Bolan. My standards aren’t that high, I still respect them. When that Luo Feng passes the 3rd level of the heavenly bridge, he’ll earn the right to listen to our classes, and after 100s of thousands of years, we may have an absolute undying within our sect. Haha…”

The snake tail lady shook her head and closed her eyes.

Looking at the situation, the ape man didn’t disturb her any further, immediately vanishing from the tower.


Chapter 456: Floating Blood

Within Primal Chaos city, the energies revolved about.

Dressed in the armor formed by the cloud contact vine, Luo Feng was standing on a training balcony, looking at the other distant balconies. These past 8 days, he had been searching all over the city, there were many empty buildings all about the city that had markings left behind by the countless warriors before on the balconies.

It wasn’t just Luo Feng who was searching, the Manka prince Wuka, Long Yun who had entered the Primal region, and similarly others from the Absolute beginning region Qian Shui, Rong Jun etc, they were all looking for markings.

This group of geniuses were very clear. These 30 years in primal chaos city was their time to lock in their foundations, and the fastest way to improve wasn’t to simply bury their heads in training. Using a dull axe requires greater work, picking the appropriate route was very important, they didn’t need to begin by looking straight at the origin laws movement.

Hence, they were all looking for the markings left behind by their earlier generations of warriors.

“112 of the markings, I have some interest in.” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows, “Which do I choose?”

The 9 pictures of the 9 universe tablet was profound and deep.

And the markings left behind by others were like detailed studies, they were able to let him further understand and study the tablet with greater efficiency!

“Luo Feng.” A clear voice resounded.

Luo Feng turned over.

A long curly green haired elegant girl with mysterious green markings on her skin descended onto the balcony, smiling gently, she said, “Luo Feng, have you found a marking suitable for you?”

“Not yet, I discovered 112 that are not bad, but I don’t know which to choose.” Luo Feng shook his head, “Qian Shui, have you found anything?”

Qian Shui, the genius pair of siblings from the Ao Gu Si planet, both were similarly Absolute beginning members.

“I’m pondering too. With teacher’s guidance, I currently have 3 to choose from.” Qian Shui smiled, “Hm, “I won’t chat more with you. After my teacher saw your Heavenly bridge battle, he said among our batch, your comprehension of the origin laws is comparable to Bolan, stronger than even Rong Juns comprehension.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng creased his eyebrows.

“All the best, having a lead now doesn’t represent you leading in the future as well. These 30 years, will be the greatest change.” Qian shui immediately flew up, “I’m leaving.” A green image was seen flying through the distant skies, vanishing within the chaos energy flow.

Luo Feng frowned.

“Your batch of 1,000 geniuses, many have pretty decent backgrounds, with strong people guiding them from behind.” Babata said, “It’s a pity…I cannot help you.”

“No problem.” Luo Feng smiled, not minding at all.

Suddenly, Babata shouted shocked, “Luo Feng, you’ve received a letter, it’s from the Virtual Universe Company internal department.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng was shocked, sending out a part of his consciousness into the virtual universe network.

……

Virtual universe network, Absolute beginning region, Luo Feng’s villa.

In the study, Luo Feng sat in front of his laptop and opened the mail.

“Luo Feng:

I’ve seen your footage on the Heavenly bridge. It’s not bad, only your usage of the Nan Shen Armament is too rigid.

The weapon is dead, we are living. How to use the Nan Shen Armament…naturally has many much wider ranges of usage to unleash its full potential. You are currently studying the 9 universe tablet I suggest you buy a battle technique Floating Blood. It only requires 800 points, after buying this technique, head to training balcony 0290028981 and take a look, there are markings there left behind by the creator of the Floating Blood. Amongst those within the 9 universe sect, this should be the most suitable for you especially for the 1st three pictures of the 9 universe tablet. Work hard, I’m expecting great things from you!

True Yan”

A simple letter, however since it’s from the Virtual Universe company’s internal department, it was anything but ordinary.

As he himself was a core member within the company, most people didn’t even know their own network ID. Finding another’s ID and being able to send a letter via the internal department, this person was obviously a high ranking person within the Virtual Universe Company.

“True Yan?” Luo Feng sat in the study, before, when he searched, he was only able to see several filtered normal news, other secret files, like the bug clan or automaton race etc, important information, these were all classified to him.

However now his position was high, his privileges were much higher too.

“Understood.” Babata said excitedly.

The screen on the laptop immediately swiftly changed and large amounts of information appeared.

“These are all regarding True Yan.” Babata shouted.

“Ah?”

Luo Feng stared at the screen. There were many news articles and details, he couldn’t help but get shocked, “The True Yan technique was founded by the True Yan Emperor. Its purchase price within the Virtual Universe Company was actually priced at 800,000 points. My god, teacher’s soul imprint, Babata you estimated it to only be worth about 10,000 points. This True Yan technique is actually that expensive?”

“True Yan emperor?” Babata was shocked, “This True Yan is actually an emperor?”

“What about it?” Luo Feng asked curiously.

“Luo Feng.” Babata was extremely agitated, “You don’t know. Among all undyings, in terms of power and position, they have huge differences. Normal undyings can become generals and command a huge army of universe level warriors! Several extremely powerful undyings however, can get the title Official from the Virtual Universe Company of the Huge Axe dojo!”

Undyings with the title Official are considered absolute beings amongst the undying, like your teacher, he could barely get the title with his power.”

“And the pinnacle of Undyings, even stronger and more invincible, they get the tile emperors! That’s terrifying, and looking at this True Yan Emperor’s technique actually reaching 800,000 points, my god, he’s definitely one of the undyings amongst countless in the universe, closest to the universe country leader. That level of absolute being, this level of being, they are extremely powerful!” Babata said excited.

“Ah?” Luo Feng realized within.

General…official, emperor…

These 3 titles, had a definitely reflection of their strength.

“Babata, back then the enemy that killed my teacher, how strong was he?” Luo Feng asked, the excited Babata was stunned for awhile, his red eyes dimmed a little, before saying, “Back then the enemy that killed your teacher was very strong. Your teacher barely had the strength of an Official, the enemy was probably the pinnacle of Official, almost reaching the level of Emperor.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

His teacher, that level of being, was barely an official. His opponent was almost an emperor.

No wonder his teacher lost so badly then.

“That level of warrior, in your Ganwu universe country, he can rank amongst the top 3.” Babata said solemnly.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was shocked, “The Ganwu universe country has over 10,000 undyings.”

“In 1,008 universe countries, the number that receive the title Emperor are extremely few. All the absolute warriors normally don’t stay within one universe country. Those able to receive this title are mostly underlings under the 5 great leviathans or special lone wolfs.” Babata said softly, “Every one of them are extremely strong, beings closest to becoming universe country leaders!”

“One technique manual alone is able to sell for 800,000 points. This True Yan Emperor, even amongst the emperors, must be at the top.” Babata said, “I saw a manual of a technique created by a universe country leader before in the treasure trove, it only sold for 1 million points.”

A technique made by a universe country leader sold for 1 million points.

The technique created by the True Yan Emperor sold for 800,000 points.

It was clear that the True Yan Emperor was terrifying.

“Haha…” Luo Feng laughed, “Babata, you even said before, about who has big backgrounds etc, I Luo Feng, I don’t have any background or big person behind me, yet I’m able to attract others to give me pointers. Haha…”Within, Luo Feng felt extremely grateful to that mysterious absolute warrior True Yan Emperor.

This letter for the True Yan Emperor was but a casual thought.

To Luo Feng however, it was a huge push in the right direction in solidifying his basics.

“Have you found Floating Blood?” Luo Feng asked.

“Found it.”

On the screen floating blood appeared with its information.

Compared to the vague introductions of True Yan Emperor before, the information on Floating blood was a lot more detailed. Obviously the information on True Yan Emperor was extremely secretive, Luo Feng’s level of access only allowed him to find the most basic of information.

“Floating Blood, creator Lian Luo, is a basic technique in the 9 universe sect, mainly explaining the 1st 3 pictures, and it requires 800 points to exchange.”

“Lian Luo was number 1 in an earlier genius competition. When chosen to enter the primal region, he chose the 9 universe primal chaos tablet. After over 10s of thousands of years of training, he created the basic technique that was named one of the best Floating Blood. After becoming undying, he was immediately given the title Blood clothed official, he fell in a particular universe secret area expedition.

Luo Feng continued to read in detail.

The information had more on Lian Luo’s life. He was the number 1 in the genius competition, an absolute genius. The moment he became undying he was immediately given the title official! It was a pity he lived less than 100,000 years and he died, he died way too early.

“It’s a pity.” Luo feng shook his head.

“If he hadn’t died too early, his future would have been limitless.” Babata exclaimed and shook his head too.

Floating blood was a basic technique, made for those under undying to study, hence it wasn’t priced high.

However just because it was low in price didn’t mean it was lousy.

Luo Feng required a basic level technique, and this floating blood was recommended by True Yan Emperor, it was obviously not lousy at all.

“800 points, I only lack 800 points.” Luo Feng forced a smiled, “I regret spending my 10,000 points at one go too easily, it’s all gone.”

“Who told you to spend so quickly.” Babata muttered.

“Wasn’t it you who instigated it?” Luo Feng shot a glare at Babata on his shoulder, “Forget it, I’ll first head over to 0290028981 balcony to take a look, looking at the marking left behind by the genius Lian Luo from a trillion years ago.” Looking at Lian Luo’s history, Luo Feng could only sigh at this genius from a trillion years ago.

He died too early.

Not even living past 100,000 years, amongst the undying it was definitely considered a very short life.

……

Primal chaos city.

Luo Feng immediately became a beam of light and swiftly flew within primal chaos city, looking for the training building balcony that Lian Luo had used back then.


Chapter 457: Shocking

Luo Feng had gone to look for that training balcony from a long time ago. Within the virtual universe, Yu Xiang Mountain’s Absolute beginning region, Rong Jun’s training grounds within his villa.

“Teacher.” Carrying the Earth splitting blade, the Savage youth Rong Jun bowed respectfully. Ahead of him stood a tall and majestic man in simple training clothes. Looking at this man was like looking at a black hole within space, giving off a natural form of awe and respect, his gaze seemed to pierce through space itself.

He was the universe country leader of Yuan Chen, an undying from who knows how long ago, older by tens of thousands of times than even planets and stars, an ancient eternal being.

“Hm.” Yuan Chen country leader nodded, “I’ll now demonstrate to you the 1st form of the Huge Axe primal chaos tablet!”

Rong Jun’s eyes gleamed.

The country leader waved his hand, a huge axe appeared in his hand, simultaneously the space around the training grounds warped, changing into a universe space scene.

“Look closely.”

The Yuan Chen country leader’s eyes were deep and profound, almost like they contained within them the universe space itself. He raised the huge axe in his hands, immediately his entire being seemed like it became a huge axe itself. Just the willpower and energy emitting from the huge axe alone was enough to cause the space around to tremor and seem to almost split open.

Hu!

He waved the axe!

The country leader coldly waved the huge axe, immediately the space around seemed to gather and condense like paper, and tearing apart after. Even the stars ahead were completely split apart, after which the entire space tremored and the space dissipated, returning to the original state.

“Hm?” Rong Jun’s eyes stared wide, in his mind recalling the scene over and over again.

“Raising the axe, condensing his energy to its maximum!

Waving the axe, the space gathered and later tore apart like paper!

“The huge axe tablet is the most profound of the 52.” Yuan Chen country leader said coldly, “When you’ve comprehended this 1st form, and eventually make it past the 4th level of the Heavenly bridge, I will then demonstrate the 2nd form for you!”

“Yes, teacher.” Rong Jun said respectfully.

“Hm.”

The country leader nodded and his lips curled, almost like a smile. Following which he vanished.

“So it’s that way, it’s like this.” After his teacher left, Rong Jun’s eyes gleamed, “This 1st form is unleashed this way.” Actually, as the country leader was demonstrating, he purposely slowed down his actions, releasing his energy to teach and let Rong Jun feel it thoroughly, allowing him to witness and comprehend to the highest of his ability.

“Adoptive father!”

“Just watch, watch this barbarian reach the peak.” Rong Jun muttered softly, following which he began to study the 1st form. As the 1st form of the huge axe tablet, it was indeed profound and mysterious, if he could completely comprehend this 1st form, he would be able to easily defeat that absolute genius Bolan. Afterall Bolan only managed to finish the 2nd level.

Outside Primal chaos city.

“So this is the primal chaos city’s 3rd treasure.” Carrying a blood blade, the white robed youth Bolan stood outside the entrance of Primal chaos, looking at the huge stone tablet with the words introducing the 3rd treasure. His cold eyes gleamed with excitement, “Teacher, you told me to look for you once I reached the undying level, I will get to the undying level with the greatest speed, I definitely will!”

Bolan.

Out of 10s of millions of years of genius battles, he was able to be number 1 throughout. Even though he had heard that some universe country leader had accepted Rong Jun as his disciple, he never thought of anyone else as an opponent.

There was no opponent within, hence he was invincible!

His opponent was himself.

“Faster, faster, faster! Reach the undying level faster, become an absolute being amongst the undying, become an official! Emperor!” Bolan muttered, as he had high confidence and aspirations, his improvement and comprehension of the space origin laws constantly rose greatly. His comprehension was extremely strong, naturally his comprehension of the other elements linked within space were strong as well.

Actually, he was completely able to study gold, wood, water, fire, and earth, as these 5 were all very compatible with space.

However, he chose wind!

As wind, thunder, light, these were more compatible with time, his ambition was great, even more terrifying than the time sector lord. However in terms of talent…he was far more talented than the time sector lord Luo, he had the capability!

……

Rong Jun had the Yuan Chen universe country leader as his teacher, his own battle abilities and talent were also extremely strong.

Bolan, had never once thought of him as an opponent, his opponent was himself.

The other geniuses, like the hypnotist Jia Lai Xi, Wuka, Ai Chen, Jiang Mo, Long Yun etc, they all had their own backgrounds and strengths. To be able to make it to this level, no one would admit defeat easily, they were all still aiming to make it into the absolute beginning region, the primal region! Like Long Yun…a primal region genius, now that he’s been pushed aside by Rong Jun, how could he take it?

……

The chaos energy revolved within.

Luo Feng walked along the alleys, looking at the training place ahead. On this wall there was a line of words…9 universe sect, any wall with such words of the sect on them, represented that the area belonged to that sect and was a public area, not for private use.

Afterall other than the 52 primal chaos tablets, there were many other markings within the city that were exceptional, hence these all became public training areas, anyone could come view them.

Of the 112 Luo Feng had picked before, 103 of them were public training areas.

“Floating blood’s founder Lian Luo, he stayed here during his time. The 112 I chose before didn’t include this place.” Luo Feng sighed within. There was no way around it, Primal Chaos city was too huge, the training spaces were too huge. Just 8 short days of searching around, there was no way to search in full detail every marking in each space, he could only make quick decisions.

Entering the training area.

Quickly following up the stairs up to the balcony, the balcony with a width and length of 100m had messy random scribbles all over, simultaneously there were several special words all over.

“This was the training space of the genius Lian Luo?” Luo Feng frowned curiously, “True Yan emperor was talking about this?”

Shua!

Luo Feng jumped down from the balcony, landing at the entrance, he looked at the number and it was indeed, 029002891.

“The number is right, it’s this one.” Luo Feng jumped and returned to the balcony.

“The markings on this balcony…” Luo Feng carefully examined it. All the buildings of primal chaos city used almost the same kind of stone, this stone in the primal universe, they didn’t decay even after trillions of years. It was mysterious, even after trillions of years, the markings were still extremely clear.

“Blade meanings?”

Luo Feng looked at the messy scribbles all over, squatting down, he carefully examined the bodies of them. The seemingly casual markings indeed had many similarities in the 9 universe tablet, “They do have a similar feeling compared to the 9 universe tablet. However they are just bits and pieces, not forming a whole picture, what’s the use?”

“But True Yan Emperor told me to come here.” Luo Feng swept his gaze over the area, suddenly spotting several special peculiar words at the side.

“Babata, translate for me, what’s the meaning.” Luo Feng thought within.

“No problem!” Babata swiftly translated.

The screen on his shoulder immediately filled with some words, “I, Lian Luo, while comprehending the 9 universe tablet, have experienced over 3,000 years of study. Finally I’ve created the floating blood secret manual. Haha, once the floating blood is completed, the 1st 3 pictures no longer hold any mystery for me, everything became incredibly clear to me. These 1st 3 pictures are mostly comprehending the foundation of the 9 universe primal chaos tablet. My basics are incredibly solid, even if others can compare, even if they are studying the 4th picture, their comprehension of the space origin law may not even match up to mine. The 4th, 5th and 6th pictures and how to train them, I’ve already got full confidence, I’ll definitely become an undying, gaining the title Emperor!”

A few lines of words, a total of 108 words.

However after translating to mandarin, the word count had several differences.

“So confident?” Luo Feng was shocked, these words were infused with exciting and strong confidence. Even after a trillion years of difference, Luo Feng could almost see the distant ancient, an absolute genius after completing the floating blood, he was absolutely confident about his future, leaving behind such words.

“Indeed, his improvement was indeed shockingly fast. After becoming an undying, he was immediately given the title Official. Until the point he fell…his life span hadn’t even reached 100,000 years. If he lived just a bit longer, becoming an Emperor was really no problem.” Luo Feng nodded within, his improvement speed was no lousier than Bolan’s.

……

Standing on the balcony, Luo Feng thought for awhile.

“Luo Feng.” Babata shouted, “This Lian Luo was speaking right, the 1st 3 pictures are the foundation of the 9 universe tablet. This floating blood was worshipped as the best basic technique by True Yan Emperor. For him to be able to create this technique, obviously his comprehension of the first 3 pictures had already reached the pinnacle level.”

“The stronger one’s basics are, the stronger he’ll become later. Just like how when you attempted the 1st level on the Heavenly bridge, your opponent only used 3 golden blades, yet he’s still stronger than you using 9 blades and unleashing the Heavenly blade formation.”

Luo Feng had known about the importance of the basics from early on. To be able to build a tall skyscraper, the foundation was the beginning, the stronger it was, the higher it would be able to go. The basics of Lian Luo, obviously had reached the pinnacle level of his basics.

Luo Feng thought hard as he looked at those lines.

Quietly looking…

“What are you looking at? Are you listening?” Babata shouted unsatisfied.

“Don’t make noise.”

Luo Feng’s expression was serious, his eyes gleamed, staring at the 108 peculiar words that he didn’t understand at all, “True Yan emperor asked me to come here, it should have been to look at these 108 words.”

“Ah?” Babata was shocked.

“I didn’t notice before, however after looking for awhile, I can feel it.” Luo Feng stared hard at the words, “These 108 words, every word has a different feeling behind them. However the 108 words together form a complete picture, anyone who doesn’t pay close attention to each word wouldn’t discover the different feeling and energy behind each words.

The 3 pictures of the 9 universe tablet flashed past Luo Feng’s mind.

The 3rd picture, was the downpour picture, there were a total of 108 drops.

“Terrifying.”

“It’s too terrifying.”

Luo Feng’s gaze was filled with a hard to suppress gleam of excitement, “He actually put all of the feelings within the downpour picture, all expressed through these 108 words.” Even though he still couldn’t see it clearly, however on careful examination he discovered it. Compared to the raindrop picture, this was more complex, each word was like a blade slash began to form within.

“The information before had explained that the floating blood was a technique to use a blade. Right, every word here is a blade form, 108 blade forms, completely explaining the basics of the 9 universe tablet.” Luo Feng finally understood, just how terrifying the genius Lian Luo back then was.

He didn’t have time to be surprised.

Luo Feng was already completely immersed within the 108 words, comparing his mental thoughts of the 9 universe tablet before with this. He worked hard to find the 108 blade forms within.


Chapter 458: The 3rd Treasure of Primal Chaos City

“There are a total of 9 pictures in the 9 universe tablet. The 1st raindrop picture has 9 drops, every 2 drops have different meanings behind them.” As Luo Feng was immersed in the 108 words, he constantly compared his mental notes of the words to the tablet, “These 108 words, there are 9 words that resound with the raindrop picture.”

These 9 word, just like the 9 drops, Luo Feng could feel that their meanings were seemingly identical. These 9 words had complex strokes, causing him to feel 9 blade forms.

“Profound.”

As Luo Feng studied the 9 words more, he felt it get more and more profound.

Every blade form was a texture of the universe space itself!

Every blade form, seemed to explain a certain essence of the universe space itself!

……

Even though its surface meaning resounded between the 9 words and the 9 drop picture, deducing and comprehending had a huge difference, even people who didn’t understand English, looking at 2 similar letters in different words, one could still discern them.

However to actually learn the entire language was 10s of thousands of times harder than simply identifying letters.

Luo Feng was like this currently.

As Luo Feng stood on this balcony, immersed in these words, within that wrist space, Babata was bored and sighed, “Madness, what space origin laws are there within, even the teacher before, when he became an undying, he didn’t study the essence of universe space that deeply. This Lian Luo, is indeed a number 1 of the genius battle from a trillion years ago, geniuses indeed, they do things at another level.”

Comprehending the space law, it needn’t be that complex.

Just like how many people on earth learn the computer, they learn how to use the program Word, they only learn the usage methods, simply using was enough! However Lian Luo back then actually explained the essence of the universe space, even using 108 words to express it. Just like learning the Word program, this Lian Luo didn’t simply learn how to use it, but explain the entire program and how it worked, explaining how the program was written!

Explaining the essence!

Comprehending the universe origin law was the same…those still in the midst of comprehending, comprehending allowed the warriors to understand how to get better and to realize what was right. Hence, borrowing the feeling from these principles, allowed them to unleash their attacks infused with the laws, hence the power increases drastically!

However those feelings, they were regarded as mysterious.”

If people questioned, they had no way to actually explain.

They could only exclaim, “You can only experience, you can’t pass on simply through words!”

Wrong!

It was bullshit that it couldn’t be passed by word!

It wasn’t that it couldn’t be passed by word, only that many strong warriors and even undying hadn’t fully comprehended clearly the essence, naturally they said it was unclear! Just like the Mosha clan, it blends with space itself, maybe their battle strength was intrepid and a blur, however in terms of comprehending the space laws themselves, the Mosha Clan was similar to the earth human body,

“True Yan Emperor is indeed a being close to the universe country leader, making Luo Feng come study the essence of space itself, it is indeed a very precise path.” Babata was very clear, because he had witnessed the master of the Yun Mo Planet Hu Yan Bo’s entire training process.

The initial period was fast.

However!

The further back he went, the harder it got, the further he went the more he felt the space origin laws got more and more profound, harder to see it clearly.

“If from the beginning, he had studied the essence of the universe space laws itself, slowly studying, the start may have been slower. However towards the end, the improvement speed would be faster and faster.” Babata exclaimed softly, “No wonder, even though the boss used a trillion years, he barely had the strength of an Official. And this Lian Luo, didn’t even take 100,000 years, yet the moment he became undying he was immediately given the title Official!”

Difference!

……

“When I unleash my movement, with a move I’m able to produce over 20 images. However as to why I’m able to produce these images, I don’t fully understand.” Luo Feng studied for awhile, beginning to feel his mental state grow weary as he immersed himself in the study, he couldn’t help but exclaim, “At least now I understand a little.”

Only a little.

However just understanding that little bit made him shocked.

“Babata, how long have I been studying?” Luo Feng asked.

“A little more than 18 days” Babata replied.

“Over half a month, and I only understood a little bit of the 1st form?” Luo Feng was shocked within. This comprehension of the origin laws, when compared to studying the essence itself, obviously had a different level of difficulty.” At my current speed, how long would it take me to study the 1st form? It’s a pity I don’t have the floating blood manual.”

These 108 words were after all just words.

The floating blood manual was the true training method left behind by Lian Luo. If he had the manual, Luo Feng was confident that the studying process would definitely be much faster.

“Just 800 points!” Luo Feng gritted his teeth.

“Luo Feng, just passing the 1st heavenly bridge, wouldn’t that give you 1,000 points?”

“I know.”

Luo Feng shook his head, “However my current self doesn’t have enough guarantee to pass the 1st level.” These few days, at least the previous study session of the 9 universe tablet he had almost fully digested. His understanding of the space law was deeper now, and if he unleashed the sky heavenly formation, its power would be much greater. He may win, but he didn’t have full confidence.

“If only I can fully comprehend the 1st form!”

“9 golden blades, with this first feeling as the link, can form one complete perfect form. it’s power would definitely be absurd” Luo Feng’s first study, he finally began to understand what benefits that 1st form was going to add to him.

Luo Feng looked into the distant Primal chaos city.

“After training for so long, my mental state is weary. I’ll head outside the city to take a look. Previously, the black robed receiver said there were 3 treasures. This 3rd treasure had a stone tablet outside explaining.” Luo Feng knew himself that at his current state, he couldn’t continue studying. Hence he headed directly to the entrance of the city, just what was this 3rd treasure?

The 1st treasure was the primal universe’s obvious revolving origin laws.

The 2nd was the 52 primal chaos tablets.

The 3rd, just what was it?

Primal chaos city, within an ancient mansion that was extremely huge.

“Go out.” The ape man waved his hand.

“Yes, Teacher.”

About 10 undyings below, sector lords, they all bowed respectfully and left the mansion.

“That Luo Feng actually didn’t buy the floating blood manual?” True Yan emperor sat in the chair frowning, simultaneously part of his consciousness communicated with his AI, “He’s a member of the absolute beginning region, he should have been awarded 10,000 points. What? He used it all right at the beginning?”

From his AI, he found out that Luo Feng had used all of his 10,000 points, True Yan was speechless.

“He actually, actually bought a Illusionary manual?” True Yan Emperor shook his head, “His current strength, definitely has no need to buy the Illusionary manual. He should buy a more basic technique, what’s suitable is the most apt. This little punk actually used all his points straight away, that’s really, really…”

True Yan Emperor frowned, “How troublesome!”

“Lian Luo that sick genius, back then he still took a few tens of thousands of years to explain the 108 forms. This explanation of the origin law essences, is much harder than simply comprehending, especially since it tests one’s intelligence, temperament, and also his level of comprehension. Unless one is an absolute genius, it’s hard to study it.”

From the beginning, one would begin to comprehend the essence of the space origin law, and in the future, his achievements would be high.

This point, from the absolute beings within the 1,008 universe countries, who didn’t know?

However even after knowing, this method still wasn’t spread wide. Mainly because the requirements on one’s temperament, intelligence, space comprehension, these were extremely and absurdly high. One first had to have a high comprehension of space, if one couldn’t even feel the space laws, how could he study deeper. As for intelligence and temperament, one had to maintain his state and calmness while studying, the moment one gets fickle and impatient, one would lose a lot of the work he’s done.

Temperament was very important, just thinking about it one would know.

And this level of comprehending the universe space origins, comprehension was even more important.

Walking this path, to many strong warriors would only waste away long periods of time, that Lian Luo (Number 1 in the genius battle) also required tens of thousands of years. Someone with lesser talent and intelligence (Like Jiang Mo, Ai Chen and Wuka that level) one would require millions of years. And those other normal geniuses would waste away their entire sector lord 1,000 eras and not succeed.

“Hm, even though these 30 years in Primal chaos city are very important to him. However, making him feel some loss, wasting a few years is fine.” True Yan Emperor shook his head, “Let him remember for the long term, understand that some valuable items and stuff shouldn’t be used completely before understanding their full uses for the future.”

True Yan emperor didn’t think more about it.

Even though he was paying attention to Luo Feng, it was mostly only due to him picking the same path and sect. Just hinting him slightly was enough. That’ all, he wasn’t involved enough to help or do anything for him Luo Feng currently wasn’t worth him doing anything.

Primal chaos city, with walls that went on forever.

The doors opened and several warriors left or entered, Luo Feng too followed the door and headed out.

“Where’s the stone tablet?” Luo Feng stood at the entrance, looking at the continuous walls that extended forever, engulfed in the chaos energy. Suddenly he spotted on the left there was an incredibly huge stone tablet. On it were scribbles of universe language words, at the top wrote the 3rd treasure of Primal Chaos city.

“Primal chaos spirit?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

The contents of the stone tablet was roughly…

Primal chaos spirit: When a universe is in its primal state, the primal universe will naturally produce peculiar beings. These beings have peculiar appearances, they are currently called primal chaos beasts. These beasts have different levels of strength, they are all proficient in different origin laws, some more so than others.

Killing the primal chaos beasts, their bodies will decay into large amounts of chaos energy and a dark green light will be produced. This dark green light is where their core lies, they don’t have souls, only a life light, this light has been named as primal chaos spirit.

As long as one absorbs this primal chaos spirit into their bodies, one’s soul will naturally absorb it and with absorption, their soul will slightly change, melding better with the universe space.

……

“Luo Feng!” A voice caused Luo Feng to turn before he finished reading the entire tablet.

The distant Savage Rong Jun descended from mid air, immediately landing on the ground and walking barefooted to Luo feng, smiling, “Haha, I haven’t seen you around these past days. Are you getting ready to head out to hunt the primal chaos beasts? However you have to be careful, just from hunting these primal chaos beasts, we’ve already lost a few from our batch.”


Chapter 459: Primal Chaos Spirit

“What?” Luo Feng was shocked, “You said we’ve lost a bunch from our batch?”

“Hm.” Rong Jun shook his head, “When I first found out, my reaction was similar to yours. However after heading outside and hunting the primal chaos beasts, I didn’t find it weird anymore. Also, do you remember? When we first took the universe ship and came over to the primal universe, that knight also said those words.”

Luo Feng recalled the scene and nodded, “I remember.”

Back then the green armored purple scaled man had sent the 1,000 geniuses here, saying, “You are all under me, I hope to see all of you alive in 30 years.” When he had first heard it, Luo Feng had guessed…there would be some dangers within primal chaos city, however when he had studied within the city for awhile, he felt it was very safe.

The feeling was simply a sacred land for warriors to study and train.

The city forbids any humans killing each other! Anyone who kills another, would face certain death, even if he just made a move and didn’t kill…he would face severe punishment.

And even looking at the large amounts of warriors training on the balconies, feeling the ancient energies revolving, there wasn’t any sense of danger.

“It’s very dangerous.”

Rong Jun emphasized, “Don’t get careless, those beasts aren’t easy to deal with, of the 1,000 geniuses that came this time, they were all awarded by the virtual universe company with gold, prizes, and the lowest amount was 10 mixed elements, their points were enough to exchange for valuable things too, who doesn’t have trump cards?”

Luo Feng frowned and nodded, things weren’t looking good.

The geniuses were all not easy to deal with, yet they had already lost a few of them, the primal chaos spirits were good things, yet they weren’t easy to acquire.

“The most important thing is they have numbers, even if you bring a powerful weapon, an advanced universe ship, however if you are careless and get surrounded, you’ll be killed instantly.” Rong Jun emphasized, “I’ll warn you, be more prudent and careful, this is reality, not the virtual universe network, the moment you die, it’s over.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng held his breath.

Watching Rong Jun leave, Luo Feng was startled and shaken by Rong Jun’s earlier words, he turned to continue reading the stone tablet.

“……

The more the soul melds with the universe, then comprehending the universe origin laws will get clearer and easier.

When a sector lord becomes undying, that’s when the soul itself undergoes change.

And absorbing the primal chaos spirit. Is a slow gradual change, the scope of change is small, an Undyings soul is already eternal, absorbing the chaos spirit is ineffective, these spirits only have an effect on those below the undying level.

Important note one, Undyings are forbidden from making a move on the beasts.

Two, the primal chaos beasts have low intelligence, they’ve already been separated by the strong warriors in primal chaos city into 3 regions, the 1st region, is the closest to the city, about 2,000km area away from the city walls, they are all universe level primal chaos beasts, this has been called the internal region. The 2nd region is from the 2,000km mark to the 10,000km area, this is the middle region, there the beasts are all domain lord level. The 3rd region is the outermost region, there the beasts are sector lord level.

Primal chaos beasts, their strengths are from the universe level to the sector lord level, the moment there are any undying level beasts, primal chaos city will send out strong warriors to eliminate them.

Three, domain lord level warriors can only kill beasts within the middle region, they are forbidden from entering the internal region. Sector lords are only allowed to hunt in the outer region, they are forbidden from entering the internal and middle region!”

Finishing the details of the tablet, Luo Feng was silent.

“Damn!” It’s obviously for nurturing the later generation.” Babata shouted, “These primal chaos beasts have already been separated into 3 regions. With Primal chaos city’s strength, they can easily kill all the beasts immediately, however they didn’t…and bred them! And the domain lords can only hunt in the middle region, sector lords outer region, obviously the internal region is left for you all.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Primal chaos city was the sacred land of humanity in the universe. Here, almost everything was arranged to train the generations of warriors, allowing humanity to evolve and strengthen. Allowing the youths to risk dangers and hunt the beasts, obviously this was for training the later generations…staying safe would mean there would be limits in growth, even though primal chaos city’s 30 years was rather safe, having some sense of danger was a good thing, it was good for nurturing the young.

“Primal chaos beasts!” Luo Feng’s thoughts moved and a dark red armor extended and formed a helmet, covering his entire body in the cloud contact vine armor, revealing only his eyes.

“Let’s take a look, just what it’s about.” Dressed in the dark red armor, Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle and carried the dark golden long rod on his back.

The chaos energy revolved about, making it impossible for one to see too far with the naked eye.

In the vast wasteland, weeds were growing everywhere, this wasteland that had been here for who knows how long, even the nameless weeds and plants, along with the rubble, they were all made up of special properties, nurtured in the chaos energy over long periods of time, they all had the same special point.

No matter how long, they would never decay.

Luo Feng carefully moved forward.

Sha…

“Hm?” His ears moved, immediately lowering himself and hiding behind a stone, carefully looking ahead.

In the distant weeds, a black silhouette walked out, this was a 3 m tall ape like being, his body bent his hands landing on the ground, except for white fur on his face, there was only one vertical brown eye and a mouth, no nose or ears, its tail waved high and moved about.

“What’s its strength?” Luo Feng communicated to Babata mentally.

“No idea, there’s no such primal chaos beast in the real universe, hence the energies it is emitting…I’m unable to gauge, just what level of strength it’s at.” Babata said.

“Ah.” Luo Feng nodded.

The ape like beast that was running in the distance, it’s tail high in the sky like lightning rod suddenly stopped, violently turning to look in Luo Feng’s direction, that single eye seemed enraged and filled with killing intent, “Rumble!” the tail violently swayed, the beast immediately became a beam of light heading towards Luo Feng, its huge palms grabbing at him.

“Go!”

Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle, as he retreated, he controlled with his thoughts.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

9 golden lights shot out from behind him, simultaneously 6 of them shot towards the approaching beast.

“Howl…” The ape like beast waved its tail again, creating an image and actually dodging 3 of the golden blades, “Dang! Dang! Dang!” 3 clashes, with a wave of its claws, it knocked away 3 of Luo Feng’s golden blades.

As the blades were knocked away…

“Heavenly blade formation!” Luo Feng frowned.

Immediately the surroundings golden energy rippled together, the 9 blades floated and formed a blade domain, compared to the one on the heavenly bridge before, the blade domain now was obviously more organized and tighter, at least it didn’t have blade energy dispersed in all directions anymore, right now it was more condensed and controlled.

With the glaring golden rainbow, one of the golden blades pierced forward bringing with it the countless condensed blade energy and the domain behind it, piercing towards the beast.

“Howl!” The beast let out a struggled howl and its furry tail waved as he accelerated to flee, as though he felt a terrifying force was attacking him, however how could his running speed match up to the Nan Shen Armament’s attack.

“Rumble!”

The beast that couldn’t flee in time used both hands to clash with the blade rainbow.

With a huge clash, the beast’s thick arms were smashed open, golden blood spewed out, blood and bone flew in all directions, and the golden blade rainbow immediately pierced right through its head.

“Rumble…” this ape like beast immediately fell on the floor, simultaneously, its golden blood and flesh etc began to decay quickly, becoming chaos energy, a dark green light floated up from the corpse.

“Primal chaos spirit!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, using some spirit energy to wrap around and retrieve the light.

Chi!

When his spirit energy touched the spirit, the spirit began to meld with his spirit energy.

“Spirit energy is mental energy, and the spirit is large amounts of this formed together, it isn’t strange that spirit energy is able to absorb the primal chaos spirit.” Luo Feng took the remaining spirit and absorbed it into his internal core, none of his 3 bodies were the true core, the internal core was the true center.

“Rumble…”

The surrounding energies violently tremored.

“Howl!”

“Howl!”

Bent bodies appeared one after another, their faces with white fur and that single eye, similar to the primal chaos beast before, they jumped out from the weeds as fast as lightning, with one glance, there were at least a few hundred of them, some of their energies… some were obviously even stronger than the one earlier.

“Not good!” Luo Feng didn’t even think about fighting back.

Sou!

A silver white pyramid automaton ship appeared in mid air, however the primal chaos beasts were simply too fast.

“Hu! Hu!” A dark red vine extended around Luo Feng’s surface, tens of thick vines fiercely extended towards the large group of beasts rushing over, “Rumble…” The tall and huge leader of the group was whipped by the vines, he spit out fresh blood but was still alive.

……

Luo Feng rushed into the automaton ship and shut the cabin door. “Rumble…” Outside the group of beasts were madly attacking the walls of the ship, however this was an e grade automaton ship, it wasn’t something these beasts that were at most universe level 9 could deal with.

“I understand now, how a group of geniuses, all of them having ships, with large amounts of wealth, able to acquire powerful laser weapons, Gatling guns, how they could still die!” Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief, if it wasn’t for the automaton ship, with the cloud contact vine he may have still gotten away, but it would have been difficult.

“Hunting the primal chaos beasts, yes, hunting.”

“Just like hunters, quietly, killing in an instant, absorbing the spirit, and immediately distancing oneself from the scene.” Luo Feng thought, “When it let out its howl to attract its companions earlier, I shouldn’t have fought on, but fleed immediately.”

……

In the air above primal chaos city, a silver white pyramid automaton ship appeared in mid air, following which the ship vanished and Luo Feng descended into the city from above.

However no one seemed to care about this scene at all.

In the black dragon mountain star field, the automaton ship was rare and extremely valuable, however to those in primal chaos city, the sacred land of training for the entire humanity in the universe, the undyings here, most of them had wealth beyond that of Hu Yan Bo. An automaton ship…was simply too common.


Chapter 460: Time Flowing like Water

Luo Feng landed on his own balcony.

“Primal chaos spirit…” Luo Feng frowned, clearly feeling the core within.

Within that core, Luo Feng’s soul essence had formed a whirlpool galaxy, revolving slowly, the glaring and dreamy whirlpool had a total of 8 spiral arms, back when he first reached the universe level 1, this whirlpool galaxy had 1 little black domain…a tiny black hole.

And now!

The golden horned beast had already reached universe level 9, naturally the core of his soul also reached universe level 9. The soul essence which had reached universe level 9, the whirlpool galaxy now had a large black hole, and each of the 8 spiral arms had their own little black hole, they all gradually swallowed the star dust around.

In the center of the black hole were 8 mini black holes.

The formation of these 9 black holes represented the universe level 9, and for the universe level 9 to breakthrough to the domain lord level, it required the 9 black holes to completely swallow the galaxy within, creating an absolute change.

Universe level to domain lord level!

This change was very difficult!

“Chi chi…”

A dark green light landed within the whirlpool and was swiftly dragged in, immediately swallowed by the center black hole. In the outer regions of the whirlpool galaxy where it couldn’t reach, mist engulfed the areas, engulfing the entire galaxy, a little change happened within the galaxy too.

……

“There’s change.” Luo Feng closed his eyes, his mind calm as still water, feeling the origin laws ripple within.

In terms of ripples.

The golden horned beast felt the ripples of the gold origin laws more clearly.

The Mosha clan felt the space origin laws more clearly.

The earth body, felt both ripples, both were blurry to him, as though there was a heavy mist surrounding them.

At this time!

“Improvement, there’s improvement.” Luo feng revealed a look of excitement.

Within that internal space where the vast golden continent was.

Just like a black mountain, the golden horned beast raised its head and let out a happy howl, beside, the black clothed Luo Feng that had produced almost 1,000 images also stopped and shouted excitedly, “They’ve all improved.”

Yes!

The 3 bodies all felt the origin law ripples a little clearer now.

The golden horned beast could feel the gold laws clearer, mainly because its horn, neck, body, wings, tail, claws were all covered in golden engravings, these engravings resounded with the universe itself and the gold origin laws, hence the golden horned beast naturally fit the golden origin laws better.

One theory.

The Mosha clan body, with the 10,081 surfaced crystal with golden engravings rippling, communicating with the universe space laws, even resonating with space itself, it not only improved its comprehension of the space laws, even when it unleashed it its power was much greater.

The 3 bodies had 1 soul core!

The soul core was undergoing change now, naturally all 3 bodies improved simultaneously!

The soul core within was undergoing change, just like the earth body’s consciousness and spirit, the mosha clan’s life crystal changed too.

The core soul, was something all 3 shared, it was also the core of the 3 bodies.

The moment it evolved, all 3 would improve.

If the core was unharmed, even if any of the 3 bodies was destroyed, it could be rebuilt, and even if all 3 were destroyed, as long as the core was fine, it could still keep producing the 3 bodies endlessly, this was one of its natural abilities, however it had its pros and cons!

The moment the core was destroyed, even if all 3 bodies were trillions of Li apart, they would all die simultaneously!

This was Luo Feng’s Life gate.

“Good stuff, it actually evolved my spirit, indeed the 3rd treasure of Primal chaos city.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, “From the student level to the sector lord level, the soul constantly gets stronger, its essence itself doesn’t evolve. Only from sector lord level to undying will there be an absolute evolution.”

“Right now, using this primal chaos spirit, one can actually pre empt that evolution.”

“Even though the amount of evolution itself isn’t big, however with more quantity, the benefits are still huge.” Luo Feng was incredibly excited.

In terms of battle strength, his earth body was the weakest, the golden horned beast and the mosha clan bodies were the true killers…obviously this soul evolution had great benefits to those 2.

“Come on!”

“Primal chaos beasts!” Luo Feng’s eyes blazed with fire.

Such a treasure, if he didn’t get more of it, it would be such a waste.

Luo Feng once again walked out of Primal chaos city and into the wasteland engulfed in chaos energy.

“The chaos energy covers everything here, all the scanning and signal devices are all affected, otherwise I could rely on Babata’s scanning system.” Luo Feng thought, if one could scan his surroundings…so many geniuses wouldn’t have died, “These scanning devices, I wonder if they don’t work because we are in the primal universe, or because the management of primal chaos city willed it this way?”

Luo Feng was suspicious, but he didn’t think much about it.

No matter, he had to rely on himself to kill the beasts.

……

5 minutes later, half squatting in the grass patch, carefully staring at a distant beast.

This was an extremely huge primal chaos beast, with a body of about 30m long, like a hill slowly moving, its skin on its head was shiny, almost like an alloy, also there were 2 curved horns on its head, its eyes completely white, only the center had pupils the size of little green beans.

Its gaze was ice cold, its thick strong hoofs slowly stomping on the ground, the ears erect, obviously on alert and ready.

“From its aura, it shouldn’t be stronger than that first ape beast I first met.” Luo Feng squatted in the grass patch, his gaze cold, “Heavenly blade formation!” Form behind, the dark golden long rod immediately shot out 81 beams of golden light, every 9 of them swiftly combining together and forming 1 chi long golden blades.

The 9 golden blades swiftly rose up and the rippling golden energy immediately formed the blade domain.

Rumble!

The golden rainbow shot towards that huge primal chaos beast’s head!

“Howl…” the beast fiercely turned its head and immediately let out an enraged roar, quickly lowering its head to use its sharpest point on its body, its horns to clash with the golden rainbow.

“Chi!”

The golden blade infused with absolute power from the blade domain arced a little and brushed the horns, immediately piercing through the head of the beast. That alloy like head portion was extremely solid, with chi chi sounds coming from the blade, the golden blade finally barely managed to pierce in, and with another chi sound, pierced out from between its eyes.

Rumble, the huge beast crumbled onto the ground, following which the dark green spirit rose up and its body swiftly decayed into large amounts of chaos energy.

“Xiu.” Luo feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle, using his spirit energy to wrap around the primal chaos spirit and vanished far away.

Several seconds later.

Rumble…About 10 huge primal chaos beast, all like thunder itself causing the land to tremor came running over. However in these few seconds, Luo Feng had already fled a few hundred km away.

A few hundred km away.

Hiding behind some rubble, feeling the comfortable feeling of his soul core absorbing the primal chaos spirit, Luo Feng smiled, “Very good, I’ll hunt the beast like that, I’ll at most attack a couple of times and whether I succeed or not, I’ll immediately flee. And fighting against these beasts allows me to test my comprehension levels too.”

……

It began!

The period of hunting the primal chaos beasts had begun, as he hunted, Luo Feng realized that even though the stone tablet had said that this internal region’s beasts were all universe level, in truth, over 60% of them were universe level 1, the rest were universe level 2 to 9, all proficient in several origin laws.

The only weakness was…their low intelligence!

Just like several of earth’s animals that hadn’t evolved, simpler traps alone were enough to make them fall in.

……

During the hunting process, he occasionally bumped into universe level 9 beasts, luckily the cloud contact vine was universe level 9 (effects of the long periods of usage of the swelling water fruit), otherwise he would have been in much more danger.

……

After 3 months since his hunting began.

“2 golden blades fusing, so it’s this way.” While unleashing the blade domain, Luo Feng finally succeeded in fusing 1 blade behind another, golden threads weaving through the both of them, forming a dreamy huge golden blade, this blurry huge golden blade, with the power of the blade domain had terrifying power.

Immediately killed 1 primal chaos beast.

“Universal!”

“Link! That one body feeling…” Luo Feng remembered that mysterious feeling, he couldn’t explain it clearly, naturally he understood…the reason he couldn’t explain it was simply because he hadn’t fully grasped the essence of the universe space law itself. He was studying the floating blood 108 words 1st blade form, and he only got a little bit of it.

Even though he had yet to fully grasp it, at least he could use it now.

“I’ll first unleash it, as for understanding the essence, I’ll take it slowly.” Luo Feng was incredibly excited, “I can now fuse 2 blades together, these 2 blades, with the help of the blade domain, I should be able to beat the heavenly bridge level 1’s 3 blades fusing right?”

Even though the enemy fused 3 blades together, he didn’t use a blade domain.

“No rush!”

“My power may still not be enough, hence he didn’t use the blade domain.” Luo feng wasn’t rushed at all, the 30 years in primal chaos city was for him to work on his basics, there was no need to rush, being grounded was the best.

……

8 months later.

“3 blades into 1!” Luo feng who was constantly testing himself against the primal chaos beasts, as to how to use his comprehension of the origin laws and transfer it into the Nan Shen Armament, he was understanding it clearer after time, and now he could control that mystical feeling before and combine 3 blades perfectly, forming a terrifying power.

Virtual universe, heavenly bridge.

On the island, dressed in a black star robe, the watchman Bevin looked shocked at the white robed blood blade youth.

“3rd level?” Bevin looked shocked at the youth before him, when the batch of 1,000 geniuses had first arrived, this Bolan had already cleared 2 levels at one go. This was already extremely rare within the history of primal chaos city, it hadn’t even been a year and now he’s returned.

“Hm.” Bolan nodded.

“Go on, I wish you success.” The watchman Bevin smiled.

Sou!

The white robed youth Bolan immediately headed towards the side of the island, heading to an endless bridge, of which 2 words on a stone tablet was shown there… Universe!

The 52 primal chaos tablets reflected the 52 bridges, of which the Huge Axe bridge had 32 levels, the highest, and the universe heavenly bridge had 30 levels, ranked number 2, as for the 9 universe, it has 27 levels, also amongst the highest, enough to rank in the top 5. The lowest bridge had 21 levels.

In terms of level numbers, it didn’t mean much, as long as one could pass 21 levels, he could already become a powerful universe country leader!

Luo Feng’s group of geniuses, will there be one capable of becoming a universe country leader?

“Sou!” Bolan rushed towards the bridge.


Chapter 461: Competition

After a while.

“Hm?” The watchman Bevin revealed a shocked expression. “He passed, he successfully passed? It’s only been that long in primal chaos city and he actually passed the 3rd level?”

Even though it was said that the initial improvements were easy, it would get harder and more profound later. Bolan was simply sick.

Of the other geniuses from that batch, Rong Jun had passed the 1st level. The rest had all failed, yet Bolan actually passed the 3rd level!

……

Within the warriors training in Primal Chaos city which formed the 52 sects, most of them had chosen the path of the Huge Axe, because many with backgrounds knew that this particular tablet was from the founder of the Huge Axe dojo. And amongst the 52 tablets, the Huge axe heavenly bridge had the highest number of levels!

The Huge Axe sect has the most people.

The universe sect had the least.

Universe, universe, why universe?

From the ancient times, the universe represented both space and time.

This sect was termed the universe sect mainly because it trained in both of the two biggest laws, space and time. As the two laws were the hardest to comprehend, being able to comprehend one was already incredibly difficult, much less both. However when one actually comprehended both, his power would be terrifying.

“He passed the 3rd level?”

“Passing the 3rd level, doesn’t that mean he can go listen to classes already?”

“I heard the number 1 from the latest genius battle, who has been in primal chaos city for less than a year had actually passed the 3rd level, its unbelievable. Normally, from the 1,000 geniuses from each genius battle, after training hard for 30 years in primal chaos city, only few manage to actually pass the 3rd level in the end. This Bolan…he’s far ahead of the others.”

Passing the 3rd level was a breakthrough!

The moment one passes the 3rd level, it meant he had already grasped the tablet’s basics. Only at this time did he have the right to go listen to the sect leaders speak, like True Yan Emperor, or Black Mist emperor, they all taught classes.

Passing the 18th level, one could become an eternal member of primal chaos city. These people were eventually able to open one’s own sub sect and teach classes.

Virtual universe, Yu Xian Mountain primal region training grounds.

Wearing a bull helmet and carrying a huge axe, the strong looking warrior Long Yun looked at the screen on his arm and was completely shocked. “3rd level, Bolan actually passed the 3rd level?”

“How did he improve so quickly?”

“Why?” Long Yun couldn’t help but grip his axe tightly. Crackling sounds could be heard as he grit his teeth and struggled, “How come I can’t even pass the 1st level, why is the difference between me and Bolan so large?”

Long Yun, was similar to Bolan in the fact that they both entered the primal region from this genius competition.

Not long after entering primal chaos city, Bolan and Rong Jun took the spotlight, making Long Yun incredibly unhappy. It was because he was a member of the primal region! He was the number 2 of the competition! However now even the absolute beginning region Rong Jun had passed the 1st level, and yet, he hadn’t. Hence, he had been working very hard.

A few days ago he had tried again.

However, he still failed!

Who would have thought that now Bolan actually even passed the 3rd level.

“Is the difference between us really that huge?” Long Yun knelt down painfully, grabbing the floor.

“What, Bolan passed the 3rd level?”

This news almost simultaneously reached Rong Jun, Luo Feng, Jiang Mo, Wuka and others. As they were spending large amounts of time within the city and outside hunting, they would bump into each other and get to know each other. When one acquired such news, he would immediately send it to inform the others.

“This Bolan has passed the 3rd level, I don’t believe that I can’t even pass the 1st.” Wuka waved his fist and his consciousness entered the virtual universe network.

“3rd level?” Jia Lai Xi also entered the virtual universe network.

“The difference can’t be that big.” Jiang Mo and Qian Shui, the siblings both entered to try the heavenly bridge.

“I was originally preparing to wait till my four blades became one. I wanted to try with full guarantee, who would have thought Bolan would improve this quickly. Then I’ll go try now.” Luo Feng was affected by Bolan too. Gritting his teeth, he went to the heavenly bridge as well to try.

A group of geniuses all training in Primal Chaos city, naturally they were all secretly competitive.

When they first arrived and Bolan passed both the 1st and 2nd levels, everybody accepted it, after all he was indeed very strong.

However now after 8 months, Bolan actually passed the 3rd level. One had to know 8 months earlier…he couldn’t pass the 3rd level, meaning his improvement over these 8 months was huge.

Also!

Each level on the heavenly bridge got increasingly difficult. Bolan’s improvement had sparked the pride within the other geniuses. From the remaining surviving 913 geniuses, about a 100 of them all chose to give it a shot after receiving the news.

Virtual universe, heavenly bridge.

That beautiful island was enshrouded by mist, the watchman Bevin still dressed in his black star robe. At this time youth after youth appeared on the island.

“So many people.” When Luo Feng appeared on the island, with a glance he spotted the Manka prince along with other Heaven and Ground region, Last phase region geniuses.

“9 universe bridge, Luo Feng.” Watchman Bevin smiled, “Go on, there’s currently no one.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but smile.

“All the best Luo feng.” Wuka waved his fist and shouted.

“You too.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Let me inform you all, Jia Lai Xi from the same batch as you guys has just passed the 1st level.” Watchman Bevin shouted, “After Bolan and Rong Jun, he’s the 3rd to have completed the 1st level.”

Luo Feng who was just getting ready to fly towards the 1st level was stunned.

The surrounding group of youths were all stunned too.

Jia Lai Xi?

Hypnotist Jia Lai Xi?

Back then during the genius battle, his reputation was extremely high. Many had even regarded him as being able to make it to number 2. He was however defeated by madman Luo Feng, and was not able to enter the top 10. Hence he was dropped to the heaven and ground region. Even though he was in that region, strength was after all still strength!

This time, he had passed the 1st level.

“Jia Lai Xi actually passed the 1st level?” The group of youths couldn’t accept it.

“Jia Lai Xi?” Luo Feng snorted, becoming a beam of light and flying into the distant 9 universe bridge.

……

Primal chaos city was extremely vast, on a particular training balcony.

Long Yun was almost like a wild bull, standing on the balcony, staring into the distant sky and muttering, “Jia Lai Xi passed the 1st level, and he’s only a Heaven and ground region member. I’m from the primal region! However he managed to pass the 1st level and i’m still stuck…”Disarray, his mind and heart was in a complete mess.

This made Long Yun completely unable to train.

Pain! Rage! He couldn’t accept it! All sorts of emotions were eating away within.

“Calm down.”

“I need to stay calm.”

Ling Yun’s gaze slowly focused. He said softly, “I cannot let my primal region member status become my prison! I need to forget my status and work hard to improve step by step. Yes, just like before…” Long Yun was originally a very low profile and steady person. But once his position rose swiftly due to becoming a powerful and high ranked primal region member, and the fact that even the head of his guards was an undying, even undyings called him his majesty, causing him to change.

“No matter, there’s only three that have passed the 1st level currently, I’m not that far behind!”

“Bolan, Rong Jun, Jia Lai Xi!” Long Yun’s gaze was filled with battle spirit.

“Hm?” Long Yun frowned.

When his consciousness entered the virtual universe network, he received the latest mail.

“Luo Feng had just passed the 1st level!” The mail only had this one line, it was sent from Lancelot.

“Luo Feng?” Long yun stared wide eyed. In his mind the images of the mad black haired youth from before flashed. He was very clearly within the top 5 back then, his battle with madman…accurately speaking, madman didn’t lose by his hands, but rather by the shrinking battle space.

“I definitely have to pass the 1st level, definitely!” Long Yun’s mind didn’t have any other thoughts, just one, hard work!

……

“Jia Lai Xi, Luo feng, they’ve all passed the 1st level?” Within Heaven and ground region in Yu Xiang mountain, within a villa, Gu Si Luo violently squeezed the wine glass in his hands. Red wine flowed down from the smashed glass, landing on the floor.

Gu Si Luo was a perfect genius.

During the training space round he was ranked overall number 2. And during the top 10 battle, he matched against Rong Jun. Their battle was the longest one of the lot, finally he lost and he could only helplessly enter the Heaven and ground region. However even though he was in this region, his strength was still recognized.

Gu Si Luo, Jia Lai Xi, they were all regarded as tragic geniuses in that competition, one losing to Rong Jun and the other to Luo Feng.

Both ended up in the Heaven and ground region.

“Jia Lai Xi, Luo Feng, they’ve all passed, why have I still failed?” Gu Si Luo gripped the broken shards, firmly gripping, the shards became powder and flowed down.

The geniuses were all proud. Just a genius competition wasn’t enough to make everyone submit. Even if they failed before…it didn’t mean that they would remain weak.

30 years in primal chaos city, this was the true period of laying their foundations.

They would all risk it all in these 30 years, wanting to best the other geniuses.

Virtual universe, absolute beginning villa 1,136, in the 3rd level of the building.

In the study.

“The 1st level, I passed it easily this time.” Luo Feng swiftly opened his laptop, his mood happy. The earlier battle in the 1st level wasn’t as bad as he thought it would be. That similar opponent on the dark cloud shuttle, using the Nan Shen Armament, didn’t unleash the heavenly blade formation.

He only relied on the 3 powerful golden blades to battle.

In truth.

Even though Luo Feng could control the 3 blades into one, they still weren’t as perfect as the opponent’s flexibility! Luckily he had the power of the blade domain…its power was boosted greatly, allowing him to kill his opponent immediately.

As for the 2nd level, he gave it a shot but was defeated in one blow.

“Treasure trove.” Luo Feng opened the treasure trove mail and chose techniques.

“Too troublesome.” Luo Feng had no patience to browse slowly, immediately entering the words floating blood.

Di!

On the laptop screen the Floating blood manual’s introduction appeared.

Floating Blood technique, exchangeable for 800 points (Primal region 70%, Absolute beginning 80%, Heaven and ground 905 and Last Phase full price)

“Very well.” Luo Feng smiled, “I’ll buy it!”


Chapter 462: A Blade of Floating Blood

Luo Feng pressed the button lightly to exchange for the floating blood manual.

“Exchange successful!”

With the discount, you’ve spent 640 points, with 360 remaining.”

“Please wait, someone will deliver the manual immediately.

A few mandarin words appeared on the screen.

Unlike buying weapons, or life fruit etc, items which need to be transferred in reality…buying a manual, could be obtained immediately within the virtual universe! The manuals were after all simply knowledge being transferred, and the virtual universe had a 100% simulation. Hence, it was the most effective and safest way of transfer.

In reality, one even had to prove one’s identity.

In the virtual universe however, the entire virtual universe was under surveillance and had great security. These manuals were sold by the virtual universe system itself! Naturally it was incredibly safe.

“There’s a call request.” Babata shouted.

“Receive it.”

Luo Feng’s thoughts moved and a screen appeared before him. On it was a beautiful jade, it was the manager of the absolute beginning region sector lord Lady Fox. Lady fox smiled and said, “Your majesty Luo Feng, we’ve just received your manual container, we require you to come down and accept it.”

“Alright, I’m coming.” Luo Feng smiled.

It was indeed fast!

Exchanging goods in reality, just the universe travel time alone would require a long time.

……

Sou!

Luo Feng flew out of his villa, becoming a beam of light on his dark cloud shuttle and swiftly reaching the structure in which the entrance was located, in the blink of an eye. Luo feng could see beside the entrance, sector lord Lady Fox was looking up and awaiting his arrival.

Luo feng surveyed below.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” Lady fox smiled and welcomed him.

“Lady Fox, where’s the item?” Luo Feng looked around.

“Please wait a moment.” Lady Fox looked at the construct beside, a waitress carrying a silver briefcase ran over and transferred it to Lady Fox.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, these are the manuals our absolute beginning region just received. It’s what you purchased.” Lady Fox passed it over.

“Thanks.” Luo Feng received it with anticipation.

Yes.

The manuals were very important, he had really experienced it this time. Before, he had the Yun Mo Planet inheritance, along with the golden horned beast inheritance, he had never worried about techniques. However studying the 9 universe tablet, whether it was the Yun Mo Planet of the golden horned beast memories, both of them couldn’t help at all.

It was a waste that he had spent all his points initially. So much so that he had only studied just a bit of the 1st blade technique over these 8 months.

“The points are extremely valuable. Wanting to earn more is incredibly difficult. The initial points given to me…are to allow me to lay down my foundation. Babata, you made me buy the techniques earlier on, that was really stupid.” While in mid air flying back towards his villa, Luo Feng said unhappily to Babata on his shoulder.

“You can’t blame me!” Babata’s little face looked innocent, “How would I know what the primal chaos city is like. I only know one thing, that the earlier you spend your points on techniques, the earlier you can raise your strength.”

“Stop quibbling.”

“After this first loss, in the future when I acquire valuable and expensive items, I definitely won’t use or lose them easily. Good steel should be used on the edge of a blade! The initial points they gave me was for my foundation, I wasted it on the illusionary techniques for the Mosha clan.” Luo Feng shook his head.

Luckily he had passed the 1st level. For new people in the city, they awarded 10 times the points for those in their 1st 30 years in primal chaos city, hence he acquired 1,000 points.

Otherwise!

If he wasn’t a new person, the 1st level would only give 100 points, 2nd level 200, 3rd level 400…it compounded on, showing just how difficult getting points was!

Sitting in the study, he placed his laptop to the side and put the silver briefcase on the table. With a click, he opened it.

“Hummm!”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

The briefcase was filled with many black books within. Every one of them had the universe language words 9 universe and floating blood on them, also with the numbering, “1st, 2nd, 3rd…110th!

“There’s actually 110 books.” Luo Feng was shocked. As the many training methods were all profound, hence using words alone would be extremely long. Just like when Luo Feng was studying the soul imprint before, just the preparation stages alone for the training took 1 entire book.

From his own inherited memories, the many techniques for the golden horned beast, many of them if calculated in universe language words, would have trillions of words in them.

“Floating blood is a basic manual, that alone is 110 books.” Luo Feng was excited, picking up the top one, the 1st book!

On it the most obvious black words were the 9 universe 2 words. Beside it were the smaller words floating blood and finally bottom left, was the name Lian Luo.

Opening the book, Luo Feng began to read.

“9 universe tablet introduction?”

“Space origin law comprehension?”

“Floating blood training?”

Luo Feng looked at the synopsis. He was shocked to find that this 1st book alone had tens of thousands of words, yet they don’t even explain the 108 blade forms. But the author Lian Luo explained his own study of the 9 universe tablet, his recognition of the space origin laws, along with some information of the floating blood training he created.

In general.

This floating blood 1st book was a summary of the entire manual!

“I need to understand his thoughts, his training path before actually studying the 108 forms, that will be even more effective.” Luo Feng began to dig in and study.

The universe space origin law was broad and profound.

Wanting to completely study and comprehend it was almost an impossible thing altogether. Just from looking at the countless planets, one can barely calculate the number of humans in the universe there are. With new generations being born, growing, and dying …the cycle of life continued, for a thousand years, 10,000, trillion years…this cycle perpetuated over and over.

In the limitless and vast star fields, out of so many, one universe country leader would be born!

Wanting to become a universe country leader, one had to either be a time or space knight! That would mean completely studying and comprehending space or time at a peak level, that was extremely difficult!

9 universe tablet was one way to allow someone to become a space knight, which was one of the big paths to greatness!

The 9 universe tablet was incredibly profound, and they directly reflected the 27 levels of the heavenly bridge. Just passing the 21st level would mean one could become a space knight, hence becoming a universe country leader! And the final level was still 27. If one completely comprehended the entire 9 universe tablet, that would mean standing right a the peak of humanity in the vast universe itself.

9 universe tablet, a total of 9 pictures!

According to the 1st book’s description, as long as one comprehended 7 pictures, he would be able to become a space knight and universe country leader!

The 1st rain drop picture, 2nd drizzle, 3rd rainstorm, these 3 pictures were increasing levels of layers about studying the space laws. Just like how the computers on earth used complex encoding, however in truth if one truly understood the basics and essence…

They were simply the construct of 0s and 1s.

The essence was very simple, just 2 digits forming sequences!

Or just like mandarin, mandarin was very complex, however it was simple strokes that were placed together to form large words. The strokes were considered the base and essence.

Or even English, no matter how complex it was, breaking it down all the way, it was made simply of letters, abcd…forming different words and combinations.

One theory!

Even though the universe origin laws were incredibly complex, the core and essence of the most complex things are still simple. These 1st 3 pictures, broke down the universe laws, separating them into 108 different wonders. If one said that mandarin was made of strokes and English was made of letters.

Then the universe laws were made of these 108 wonders, constantly interweaving and combining, finally forming one huge law!

The 1st 3 pictures were dissected to the deepest regions.

The 4th picture was a picture of stars, the 5th was a galaxy and the 6th was galaxy river.

Whether it was made of 2 digits, or brushes and strokes, or simple letters…just knowing these alone wouldn’t be enough to create a huge computer digit or language or even this mysterious network world. One wouldn’t be able to rely on just 1 stroke to write a large amount of mandarin words, making the heart trembling mandarin language and culture. Or even just those letters to make an English system.

Wanting to rely on the core essence to form an incredibly vast and full network world, mandarin world, English world.

Required large amounts of combinations, large amounts of grammar etc…

One theory!

108 wonders, these were the dissected pieces of shattered glass, the base 108 items.

The 1st 3 pictures…were a form of dissection!

The 4th to 6th pictures…were a grouping of the bodies!

Allowing these most basic core essences to combine and constantly expand, improving on them, broadening…until finally forming the perfect universe space origin law.

The 7th picture was an incredibly peculiar beast, that represented a perfect universe space law.

Comprehending the 7th picture, one could become a space knight or universe country leader!

“So it’s this theory.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng looked a the 1st book’s initial 2 portions which discussed the 9 universe tablet and the comprehension of the universe space law. He was getting excited, “Normal warriors comprehending the laws, training…it’s just like studying English, they learn a few words immediately and practice on how to write them. By learning some words today, some more tomorrow, over time, they get stronger and better. However if they don’t learn it with the set rules, it’ll remain complex and inefficient!”

“However by dissecting it first and grouping them later.”

“It’ll be like learning the most basic letters, learning the different grammar first and the rules and vocabulary later, structure etc.” Luo Feng smiled.

The theory was simple.

However the universe law, compared to mandarin or computer coding was at least a trillion times more complex. Undying souls’ calculating speeds don’t pale in comparison to even computers. However, many are still unable to break through to knight level even after trillions of years! It’s because it was too complex. After all the universe origin laws contained simply too many things.

By using a 2 digit structure alone, one could build a network world.

These 108 wonders could explain 108 digits, just how terrifying was the universe origin law?

What’s more, 108 wonders, every one of them was trillions of times bigger than the entire mandarin or English language or even computer coding. Much less the entire law itself.


Chapter 463: Still For 10 Years

Floating blood technique, this was a manual that dissected the universe space law’s essence, demonstrating through the many blade forms.

Floating blood’s 1st book was a summary.

The 2nd to 109th book were training methods on the 108 wonders.

The 110th book was a summary of the 108 forms.

“Dissecting the essence is incredibly difficult! The revolution of the universe laws, with its perfect form…as for its essence, it requires one to constantly dissect it. Even the 1st 3 pictures of the 9 universe tablet only displayed the 108 wonders within those 108 drops of rain. These sort of complicated methods, I cannot function or dissect it!

I can only use blade forms to fully explain these 108 wonders.

Comprehension is incredibly difficult.

And these 108 wonders, the 1st 9 are the easiest, the middle 27 are hard (the 27 plus the first 9 forms the 2nd picture of the drizzling), the final 72 are the hardest (these 72 plus the earlier 36 form the perfect rainstorm).

The 1st 9, even though they are the easiest, unless one is an absolute genius with pinnacle comprehension and mental stability, it’s extremely hard to train.

Back then I studied in primal chaos city for 3,000 years before I finally created the floating blood. If it were in the actual universe, it would take at least 10,000 years.

I have these two pieces of advice to the warriors in the future…

One, if you are in primal chaos city and you’ve trained for 20 years without comprehending the 1st blade form, give up on floating blood. Go learn from other paths and slowly comprehend them, this path doesn’t suit you.

Two, if you are in the actual universe and you’ve trained for 200 years without comprehending the 1st blade form, similar to above, just give up.”

……

These final two lines in the 1st book made Luo Feng frown.

Yes!

Before on the balcony, seeing the large amount of words left behind by Lian Luo saying he studied for 3,000 years, this meant that it took a total of 3,000 years of study for him to accomplish this! Studying in primal chaos city, one could look up to see the obvious universe laws revolve, even though the efficiency was much higher, he still took that long.

“20 years?” Luo Feng said softly, revealing a smile, “ If one hasn’t comprehended the 1st blade form in 20 years, give up on floating blood?”

“Absolute genius? Absolute comprehension and mental stability?”

“In terms of talent and comprehension, the Mosha clan clone is very capable.”

“In terms of stability and mental state, maybe I’m weaker than my two brothers. However at least I’m able to maintain absolute cold calmness.” Luo Feng thought, “Talent, comprehension and mental state, these three should be considered pretty high.”

The talent of his earth body in the vast universe could be considered not bad, however it could never reach the absolute state of which Lian Luo spoke of in the manual.

The Mosha clan body…

That was the strong body!

This was the ultimate assassin amongst countless races in the vast universe, the favored of space itself. In terms of talent, there wasn’t one amongst the human race that could match up to the Mosha clan in terms of the Space origin law. The Mosha clan training the space origin law had the fastest comprehension, that along with Luo Feng’s mental state.

The conditions were good!

Primal chaos city, the chaos energy revolved.

On a particular balcony of this ancient city, Luo Feng stood, gazing into the distant city and the wasteland outside.

“Floating blood technique is explained through blade forms. However the blade forms can be swiftly trained in.” Luo Feng pondered, the 1st book had many explanations of the blade forms. Through incredibly complex blade forms, allowing one to experience and finally comprehend the 1st wonder that was the core of the 1st blade form.

Blade and saber, these were both close combat weapons.

The blade emphasized on piercing.

The saber emphasized on slashing.

However the illusionary saber that Luo Feng used forms from the blood illusionary forms. The entire length of the saber was 108cm, the edge was 80cm, and the width was 5.3 cm. It had some changes from the saber the one he used on earth, just from the appearance one could see that this one focused on piercing. There were a few other two handed huge blades that were even more similar to a wild saber compared to Luo Feng’s.

Having used the golden illusionary saber for long, changing to a blade now wasn’t too difficult.

“In terms of close combat talent, especially when using a blade, of my 3 bodies, there’s no doubt the Mosha clan is the strongest.” Luo Feng thought.

“Then, let’s begin!”

……

Luo Feng sat crossed legged, raising his head to look at the splits in the sky that had crystal threads and revolving origin laws, it was simply mesmerizing. Like the thousands and tens of thousands of warriors in primal chaos city, Luo Feng began to quietly study.

The primal chaos spirits had beneficial effects on the soul.

However just like eating medicine, it lost its potency gradually as one consumed more. Luo Feng had hunted for over 8 months. Initially the spirits made his soul constantly evolve, however as it evolved more, the effects of the spirits diminished. Especially in the recent two months, the evolution itself became almost unnoticeable. That’s right!

If one could evolve limitlessly, than simply relying on the primal chaos spirits could make one’s soul evolve to undying. It was a pity… there was no such good thing!

“No wonder they all simply sit and quietly study. Only newcomers would head outside the city to hunt. So…to many Domain lords and Sector lords, they’ve already had their fill of the primal chaos spirits.”

“It’s no wonder, there are still so many surviving beasts outside the city.”

……

Luo Feng sat on the balcony, looking up at the origin laws revolving about, experiencing it.

Within his internal world.

The Mosha clan body had taken the form of a black clothed Luo Feng, wielding the dark red blade. This blade was something Babata had created from using several machines and alloys within his storage space. With no special properties, it was a very simple alloy blade, completely fulfilling the conditions of the floating blood manual.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Within the black clothed Luo Feng, the 10,081 surfaced life crystal had incredibly complex golden engravings on them all. These glowing engravings gave off a resonance and ripple with the universe space itself.

Sou…

Over 1,000 images appeared, the blade form was magnificent. The Mosha clan was naturally apt at using close combat weapons, especially bade forms that were infused with the space origin laws… it was suited for such skills.

“Not right.”

“It should be this way.”

“Yes, very good.”

The black clothed Luo feng and Luo Feng himself shared the same soul. The two naturally viewed the space splits and the universe origin laws revolving together, experiencing it and unleashing the blade forms. Luo Feng’s earth body himself would occasionally reflect against the 9 universe tablet and the manual within the virtual universe.

……

Time flowed, days passed.

Even though Luo Feng had passed the 1st level of the heavenly bridge and received yet another chance to study the tablet, he was in no rush to go immediately. According to the explanation within the floating blood manual, every chance to study had to be grasped and treasured, one couldn’t waste time within. One first had to completely understand and comprehend everything from before, and continue pondering and studying. Only when they left with a large amount of questions and doubts again should they go see the tablet once more.

As one would ponder for a long time, with large amounts of questions, going to see the tablet would easily answer much of it, understanding more from before.

This way!

The efficiency was high. After all the chances to study the 9 universe tablet were limited.

China 2075 June 9th, Luo Feng acquired the floating blood manual and began his training in primal chaos city.

Year 2075 september, Gu Si Luo passed the 1st level on the bridge, and after a few days, Long Yun too passed the 1st level.

Year 76 January, Luo feng entered the city leader’s residence and began to study the tablet again. He spent 7 days, constantly comprehending answers to his questions about the 1st blade form in his mind, and even feeling something special. The 9 universe tablet was completely for bringing one into the space origin law itself.

Year 76 to 77, the Manka prince Wuka, Qian Shui of the genius siblings…many from the absolute beginning had all passed the 1st level.

Even though it seemed like Wuka, Qian Shui and the others were slow.

In truth the time in the primal universe flowed slower, China had seen 3 years gone by and yet in primal chaos city, only 1 had passed! In truth, Wuka, Qian Shui and the others weren’t slower than Luo Feng by even a year.

During the 2nd and 3rd year in Primal chaos city, the heaven and ground region, the last phase region’s geniuses began to all pass through the 1st level.

This batch of 1,000 geniuses, with only a bit over 800 survivors, the last to pass the 1st level was during the end of the 4th year.

……

Within primal chaos city, the other geniuses began to liven up, all heading out frequently and later realizing the effects diminishing. Everybody slowly began to stop heading out to hunt the beasts. Only occasionally heading out to use them as test subjects for their comprehension. Everyone spent their time sitting on the balconies.

……

In the actual universe.

China year 2082 august, Luo Feng’s older son Luo Ping had married and had a child in the same year. After all during the base era, many usually married at the age of 19, and this year, Luo Ping was already 22.

Luo Feng was speechless.

He had already become a grandfather?

Year 86, Earth’s bases began to expand, as it had already been over 20 years since the swallowing beast incident. Over these 20 years, with the earth’s upper echelon not controlling the masses and birth, many were encouraged to have more children. Since humanity at risk before, it was better to have more children.

However now, after earth began to interact more with the universe, discovering how vast it was with trillions of other races, earth’s humans were simply too little, naturally they wouldn’t control them. And with technology advancing at an extreme rate, feeding and housing everybody became a much easier thing to do.

Year 88, Earth’s humans, they occupied more territory, the humans of earth also got stronger and stronger. In truth, the reason behind why they never fully killed all the wild beasts…to the earth humans, they were the perfect training ground for the fighters.

Year 89, Luo Feng’s smaller son Luo Hai began to enter the universe to explore. His older son Luo Ping was more steady, however Luo Hai worshipped his father and headed into the universe to explore. Luo Feng couldn’t help it, he could only arrange for him to enter the Ganwu dojo.

Year 92, Earth’s humans, in the pacific, Indian ocean and many other oceans, a few large constructed cities on islands were build. This represented the humans of earth finally entering the sea areas.

Year 99, The expedition to Mars began.

……

Of course the most stunning thing for Luo Feng was…

China year 2103, his own grandson, also Luo Ping’s son from before his marriage, also got married.

My god.

If this kept going…his time in primal chaos city was over 30 years, the actual universe time was over 100 years. 100 years…he feared that his own great grandchildren and great great grand children would have been born by then.

“No wonder, these ancient beings after trillions of years, have trillions in their imperial family. This multiplication is indeed too fast.” Luo Feng was helpless.

……

And when 30 years had passed on earth, only 10 years had passed in Primal chaos city.

Earth had huge transformations.

And in the distant ancient primal chaos city, Luo Feng had quietly sat there for 10 years.


Chapter 464: Jade Emperor

Primal chaos city.

As the sacred land of humanity had existed for trillions of years, there was hardly any change within these 10 years.

Chaos energy still engulfed it, there were still countless warriors on their balconies.

If there was a camera recording the images of the for the last 10 years, one would realize that majority of the warriors hadn’t moved at all!

“He’s coming.”

“Hm.”

In the air above primal chaos city stood two powerful looking silhouettes. One was an ape man in golden armor, his eyes seemed like they could see through space itself. Beside him was another slightly skinnier man with pale complexion in white armor with two black horns. The space around him seemed to be warping, the most peculiar thing was he kept his eyes closed.

“Rumble…” In the distance a dark blue arc universe ship appeared.

“True Yan, Tong Nan!” A clear voice resounded. Dressed in a dark blue armor, with purple long hair, a beautiful lady flew out the cabin door as the ship behind her vanished.

“Jade!” True Yan’s voice was cheerful.

That white robed skinny man who had his eyes closed also smiled and shouted, “Jade, it’s been awhile.”

“You two have been staying in primal chaos city and studying, rarely even entering the virtual universe. And I’ve been in the actual universe, how can we even meet?” Jade smiled. Her entire being was almost like a jade statue, giving off a clear dreamy feeling, almost like she wasn’t in the same space and time at all.

“Come to where I am staying.” The white robed skinny man smiled.

……

In a moment.

In a peculiar construct, where light and darkness were incomparably harmonious.

True Yan Emperor, Tong Nan Emperor and Jade Emperor, these three were absolute beings with high amounts of power within the virtual universe, they sat around each other.

“Chi chi, tastes good.” Jade lifted a crystal wine glass and took a sip. This liquid which had stars floating and revolving within looked extremely beautiful.

“Haha, to be able to drink this 5 star galaxy, I’ve gotten some of the benefits from Jade.” True Yan strongly swallowed the wine liquid in one gulp and rubbed his chin gently after. His eyes staring wide, he complemented, “Tong Nan this blind man is very petty. He’s been with me for over a hundred million years, and only let me drink this once.”

“It’s very expensive!” Tong Nan said softly, “You just drank 30,000 mixed elements!”

“Don’t be so petty, give me some more. Back then when you were in the universe secret area, you earned quite a bit. Yet, just drinking a bit of wine makes you feel the pinch?” True Yan laughed and mocked, grabbing the bottle again.

The entirely black cylinder was on the table. Tong Nan emperor didn’t even stop him, allowing True Yan to grab it.

“Tsk!” True Yan shot a glance at Jade emperor, “Jade, your reputation is still bigger.”

Jade emperor smiled and looked at Tong Nan emperor.

As eternal beings that have been around for so long, even if they helped their families live for 1,000 eras, as time flowed like a river, their close ones had all still died. Hence, True Yan Emperor, Jade emperor and Tong Nan emperor didn’t have any family left. To them, these friends that had been through thick and thin with them were their family.

True Yan, Tong Nan, Jade, they all used to be a team, they were good friends in life and death situations!

They experienced peril time and again!

Their bonds were deep, especially between Tong Nan and Jade. These two had even a trace of romance. However these two had never actually acted upon it, even though they understood each other’s thoughts, they still maintained their distance. They were used to this feeling too. Afterall, they were good friends and partners.

“Your arrival this time is for?” Tong Nan emperor asked.

“On knight’s orders.” Jade smiled.

“9 blade knight?” True Yan asked shocked, “What is the knight making you do here?”

“The knight pays close attention to this new batch. They need to stay in primal chaos city for over 30 years, and one third of the time has already passed. As such, there should already be some definite progress.” Jade smiled, “And the knight himself will only come on the last day itself to receive this new batch. As for regular supervision… naturally he would send people under him. Hence I’ve come.”

“Ah.” Tong Nan the blind man nodded, “Right, this new batch was received by 9 blade knight. If a strong warrior emerges, he will be under 9 blade knight.”

“Right.” Jade smiled, “Even though this batch’s chances of becoming undying are very low, there should still be a few! With their talent and our Virtual Universe Company’s heavy nurturing….the moment they become undying, they will definitely be more than ordinary. Naturally the knight has to pay attention to his future underlings.”

For every genius battle and warrior battle, the Virtual Universe Company would send a knight to host it!

Whoever hosts, any genius that later becomes undying would then be arranged to be under that host. If there wasn’t such a reason… with the knight’s status, would there be a need for him to send the new batch into primal chaos city and later personally receive them again?

“This new batch is not bad, especially that Bolan. Half a year ago he already cleared the 4th level! Tong Nan emperor lifted his wine glass, gently sipping, “From the others, seven of them have passed the 2nd level. The rest have only passed the 1st level so far. These 7 are…Gu Si Luo, Long Yun, Jia Lai Xi, Tao, Qian Shui, Wuka and Rong Jun.”

“Rong Jun broke through the 2nd level in his 4th year.” True Yan smiled, “Tao did so in the 7th year. Gu Si Luo, Long Yun, Jia Lai Xi all passed the 2nd level in their 8th. Wuka and Qian Shui in their 9th.”

Jade smiled, “I know. In terms of strength, Bolan is number 1 and Rong Jun is 2nd. The six behind them…Tao, gu Si Luo, Long Yun, Jia Lai Xi, Wuka and Qian shui don’t have huge differences in levels. Perhaps. that blood axe Tao is leading by a little. Right…wasn’t there a Luo Feng with good performance earlier?”

“Not clear.” Tong Nan shook his head, “True Yan would know. He’s been keeping an eye on that punk.”

“True Yan.” Jade looked at the ape man warrior.

“This Luo feng…” True Yan rubbed his chin, and then his head. He was frowning, “How do I put it. When he first came, his performance was good. However, these 10 years have been peculiar. This punk spent some time hunting the beasts outside, after which he has been sitting on the balcony studying. He has not once attempted the bridge.”

“Ah?”

Jade nodded, smiling, “I’ve come this time specifically to observe them, the first target is Bolan.”

“The knight had also complemented Bolan. Each level of the heavenly bridge gets increasingly more difficult. The difficulty rises in a compounding ratio. I initially thought that he would take 20 years to pass the 4th level. Who would have thought he would do so in 10 instead.” Jade exclaimed and smiled, “The 2nd is Rong Jun, he was number 2 in this batch. I estimate he will pass the 3rd level in these few years.”

“Hm.”

“Right.”

Tong Nan and True Yan nodded.

“Four years after coming to Primal chaos city and passing the 2nd level. Especially this year, he’s already tried twice…he’s not far from passing the 3rd level!” True Yan laughed, “And with the Yuan Chen universe country leader as his personal teacher, how could his improvement be slow?” Even though they were complimenting Rong Jun, within he was still unsatisfied.

It was because Rong Jun and Bolan both weren’t from the 9 universe sect.

“My sect’s Luo Feng is studying the floating blood, was it a mistake? Dissecting the universe space law essence is incredibly difficult, has it stumped him?” True Yan was worried within. Going down the wrong path was a waste of time, if he didn’t pass that path, then Luo Feng would have wasted 10 years of time.

……

Jade emperor, under the 9 blade knight’s orders had come to observe the new batch.

With Jade emperor’s strength, observing them from far away was not a problem at all. This new batch wouldn’t even detect or feel her.

“This Bolan is really not bad, indeed a number one genius from 10 million years.” Jade floated above amidst the chaos energy. Looking at the distant Bolan training in the wastelands, Bolan’s gaze was firm and strong, almost as though nothing could influence him.

……

“This Rong Jun is a natural born warrior. However, just what about him has attracted the two country leaders?” Jade stood in the air, surveying another distant balcony. That messy haired bare footed Rong Jun was practicing his forms, occasionally looking up to observe the universe laws revolving.

……

“Long Yun, hm, he is very steady. If he can work on his strength, his future is limitless.”

……

“Wuka is indeed a genius of the Manka generation. His battle talents aren’t that far away from Rong Jun’s.”

……

Jade slowly observed each of the new batch, making deductions within and getting ready to return and report to the 9 blade knight.

“This is Luo Feng?” Jade walked within an alley of primal chaos city. Looking in the not too distant balcony, there was a black youth in dark grey armor who had his eyes shut and was motionless. 10 years of time had caused his hair to grow long and draped over his shoulders.

“Has his study reached a fork?” Jade emperor thought.

Universe warriors studying the universe origin laws would occasionally make a wrong turn in their studies. Sometimes they would only realize their mistake after a few years. As for reaching a fork in this study…in the vast universe, the many races of warriors had all seen this frequently.

They weren’t afraid of these forks.

They were only afraid of making a wrong turn and not realizing it. “These 30 years are your most precious 30 years, little punk, all the best.” Jade emperor turned and left.

……

On that balcony.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged, no one knew that in his internal world.

The mosha clan was engaged in mad training over and over. For a total of 10 years, the Mosha clan had never even stopped training. He was immersed in the thrill of dissecting the universe origin law essence and did not even feel the flow of time.

“Rumble!”

On the balcony, the energy around Luo Feng who was sitting quietly crossed legged shook, dust dispersed and he opened his eyes.

Hua!

He stood up completely. As he gazed into the distance, primal chaos city was still exactly the same, time left absolutely no trace on it at all.

“How long was I training this time?” Luo Feng asked.

“This time was longer than those before, 3 years and 9 months.” Babata replied.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng gently waved his hand, leaving behind a palm print in space. He was smiling, “If I cannot comprehend this in 20 years I have to give up? Luckily it was only 10 years, I’ve spent 10 years to finally completely comprehend the 1st blade form. At least I have the right to train this floating blood, hm, I should go attempt the heavenly bridge.”


Chapter 465: Luo Feng’s Blade

Virtual universe, heavenly bridge.

Dressed in full armor and boots, Luo Feng appeared at the center of the island, causing the watchman Bevin to get a shock as he looked over, smiling, “It’s been about 10 years, how come you haven’t come at all? Your comrades all try a few times each year.”

“I didn’t want to get distracted from training.” Luo Feng smiled and walked over.

“Hm?” The watchman Bevin was surprised as he looked at the black haired youth. He felt like Luo Feng wasn’t the same as before.

“I want to attempt the 9 universe bridge, can I go in now?” Luo Feng asked.

“There’s no one on the 9 universe bridge now.” Watchman Bevin smiled.

“Thanks.”

Luo Feng’s every step, shua! Shua! Shua! Left behind a trail of images, while his actual being had already reached the 9 universe bridge itself.

“He feels different from before.” Watchman Bevin muttered.

9 universe heavenly bridge, it was built over a vast ocean, reaching way past the horizons.

Luo Feng had already passed the 1st level hence he could fly directly towards the 2nd level. At the end, there was a huge cloud mist, from the mist a voice resounded, “Choose your opponent, you can choose a fighter, spirit reader controller or hypnotist. Pick anyone and win over your opponent and you’ll have completed your 2nd level.”

“I choose…” Luo Feng slowly descended from mid air, firmly landing on the bridge, “Fighter!”

Sou!

A black liquid flew out from the mist and it swiftly gathered and formed a mysterious person who was wearing a mask in black armor. This mysterious man carried 2 blades, he was slightly taller and bigger than Luo Feng and he emitted a powerful aura as he stared coldly at Luo Feng.

“Chi chi…”Luo Feng used his right hand to brush past his forehead. The blade energy around his hand was extremely sharp. With a brush, he immediately cut his long hair off, returning to that 3 inch length hair style from before.

Whatever he looks like in reality, the virtual universe too would automatically simulate.

“I’m really not used to long hair.” Luo Feng smiled,

“Hmph”

The mysterious man carrying 2 blades stared coldly at Luo Feng, “Take out your weapon.”

“I’ll satisfy you.” Luo Feng smiled. Two weapons immediately appeared in his hand. In his left was a 6 edged shield, the absolute void shield and in his right was a blood shadow blade, the golden shadow blade.

Yes!

Luo Feng was going to use his own blade techniques to pass the 2nd level. After understanding the universe space origin law’s 1st basic wonder, whether it’s the Nan Shen Armament or blade techniques, it could be used with anything. This was just a path, once one understands the path, he can swiftly meld it with different weapons and techniques.

“Hmph!” The black clothed man let out a snort and with a swish, he immediately landed fiercely on the bridge. He rushed towards Luo Feng, almost like lightning as he brandished his two blades.

“Bring it!!!”Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with madness and his mad battle spirit exploded!

Rumble!

Luo Feng rushed forward, leaving behind an image on the ground while another appeared before the black armored man.

“Bury!” His eyes were piercing. With a roar, the blood shadow blade in his right hand slashed with intense power. It was almost as if it was slashing through a mountain range or even the ocean, right towards the black armored man.

“So fast!” The black armored man was shocked. He quickly used both blades in his arms to block it.

Peng!

The black armored man was knocked so hard that he knelt on the ground with one knee and slid backwards. Weng! When his knee hit the ground it caused the bridge to shake slightly.

“What a powerful blade.” The black armored man was shocked, following which he fiercely stood up.

Sou!

The black armored man flew up and 6 images appeared in mid air. All of them wielding two blades. The most peculiar thing, they all seemed to be unleashing different techniques altogether, simultaneously attacking Luo Feng.

“Haha…” Luo Feng actually laughed madly and rushed in, “World’s end!!!”

Xiu!

The blood shadow blade in his hand left behind a blurred image in mid air. It slashed past the 6 images and causing the 6 black armored men to immediately fly backwards and crumble, leaving behind only 1 real body.

Hatred! Luo Feng immediately appeared above the black armored man. His right arm violently warped, causing the armor to expand. The muscles that appeared through the armor seemed to be steel reinforced bars, seemingly extremely powerful. With a flash of madness, this blade immediately slashed down, the black armored man could barely withstand it with his two blades.

Rumble!

The black armored man was immediately knocked downwards. With a loud clash, he smashed into the bridge. He couldn’t help but spit out fresh blood, and later landing within the mist filled ocean.

“I don’t believe!” From the ocean he roared and floated back towards the sky.

Luo Feng rushed back towards the bridge and smiled widely, “I’ll defeat your belief!”

“Illusion!”

“Nightmare!”

“Hatred!”

“Pensive!”

“Bury!”

“Heaven’s end!”

Luo Feng was almost like a hard to follow fighter. That peculiar movement appeared time again before the black armored man, and each blade was hard to receive. Be it fierce and mad or hard to predict, the most peculiar thing was…every blade form was extremely terrifying and mixed up. It made the black armored man have no way to resist.

“Relying on these 6 moves will take a bit of time.” Luo Feng stood on the ocean surface, thinking.

He was using the Mosha clan’s Illusionary 7 blades that his mosha body had been studying.

The illusionary 7 blades had 7 techniques in total. They were Nightmare, Illusion, Pensive, Bury, Dutchman’s Pipe, Heaven’s end and Hatred. Naturally these names were simply Luo Feng’s translation from universe language. However, in mandarin the names were barely close to the original meanings.

These 7 blades, none of them were weaker or stronger than the other.

Some were fit to fight against numbers, while others were fit for assassination. Some were fit for close combat, while others were more strength based. All these moves had their own usages! When training the illusionary 7 blades, different people would have different strengths.

Luo Feng’s favorite was…Dutchman’s pipe, it was like picking one of the flowers.

Back when the Mosha clan studied the Illusionary manual, it emphasized on this Dutchman pipe technique. This move was suited for assassination. It was like dancing on the edge of a blade, a situation where one would close up completely with the opponent and slash it out. In the universe, as the warriors had extreme speeds, even fighters wouldn’t close in completely on an opponent.

This move was an extremely close technique! It was meant to stick completely to your opponent!

When the blades clash and the flower appears, one would take the opponent’s life!

As he had studied it for a long time, this move…after Luo Feng had comprehended the 1st wonder of the space law, he was able to infuse this Dutchman’s pipe with this 1st wonder. Hence he didn’t have time to infuse the 7 illusionary 7 blades’ other 6 techniques with the 1st wonder yet.

In the past…Luo Feng was simply relying on 10 years of study and his comprehension of the laws to oppress his opponent!

Luo Feng descended from mid air and landed on the bridge.

“If you want to kill me, it won’t be that easy.” In mid air the black armored man wielding 2 blades was obviously in a sorry plight. He landed on the bridge too, his eyes fixed on the black haired youth. “The next move I am about to unleash is called the dutchman’s pipe.” Luo Feng smiled at the black armored man, “To be able to die by this move is your honor.”

“Hmph.” The black armored man snorted.

Sou! Luo Feng immediately rushed towards the black armored man. He flipped the way he held the blood illusionary blade, an extremely swift and moving arc beam of light rushed forward!

“Ah!” The black armored man stared wide eyed, “No!”

Weng…

The 2 blades in his hands immediately became countless images, covering himself entirely.

“Dang!” The beautiful arc beam of light slashed through.

“Blocked it.” The black armored man relaxed for a moment and thought suspiciously, “Why was it so light?”

Luo Feng’s blurry image followed that arc beam of light and suddenly lit up, appearing right before the black armored man. At this point, the distance between the two of them was less than 2m. With a sudden blurry movement, the arc beam of light lit up again and slashed past the man immediately. It was so fast that he didn’t even have time to react, having his throat cut.

Chi!

The slash cut right through and his head was split open, as fresh blood spewed out.

“Too fast…” The black armored man stared wide eyed. Not even having the time to say anything, he died and his body returned to the black liquid within the white mist.

Dutchman’s pipe of the illusionary 7 blades!

“Right, it’s fast.” Luo Feng flipped his hand and the blade appeared before him. Blowing it with with a light breath, the blood dripped off the edge. His eyes filled with glee, “The moment the dutchman’s pipe appears, it follows the space ripples most essential arc. This blade is truly fast and vicious!”

Only after comprehending the 1st wonder of the space law, did Luo Feng’s blade have the right to be called the dutchman’s pipe. As for the other 6 techniques, they were simply in the beginner form.

“3rd level!” Luo Feng looked at the mist before him dissipate, and headed towards the 3rd level of the bridge.

“This 3rd bridge, I can’t be too flashy here. the blade techniques are after all due to the Mosha clan’s proficiency. I’ll use the Nan Shen Armament in the 3rd level.” Luo Feng thought. His earth body’s strongest technique was still spirit weapons, following which he swiftly flew into the air and followed the bridge to the 3rd level, right to the end of where one could see.

……

Primal Chaos City, Tong Nan Emperor looked below.

True Yan emperor, Tong Nan Emperor and Jade Emperor sat together.

“Leaving so early?” True Yan was shocked.

“I’ve been in primal chaos city for close to 20 days. Whatever I need to observe, I’ve seen. Bolan and Rong Jun are the most exceptional, the other’s have their own specialties.” Jade emperor smiled, “It’s time to return and face the knight.”

Tong Nan Emperor frowned.

“Hm?” True Yan naturally frowned too, shocked.

“What’s up?: Tong Nan and Jade emperor looked over shocked.

“It’s that Luo Feng punk, he just passed the 2nd level.” True Yan could barely contain his happiness, smiling, “Just!”

“2nd level?” Jade nodded, “He is afterall one of the exceptional ones. He should have passed the 2nd level much earlier. Even though he’s a little slower than the others now, but it’s just a little. Wuka and Qian Shui only passed the 2nd level in their 9th year.”

“No, he passed it using close combat!” True yan said.

“Close combat?”

Tong Nan and Jade were shocked.

Everybody had their specialties. A controller was a controller, a fighter was a fighter! The strong usually focused on what they were proficient in, and Luo Feng was a controller.

“Just relying on close combat he passed the 2nd level? His close combat ability is no weaker than Wuka or Long Yun then.” Jade’s eyes gleamed, “Let’s go quickly to the heavenly bridge.”

“Let’s go.” Tong Nan said too, at least Jade wasn’t leavening immediately.

“Haha, I definitely saw something in him earlier, he’s not average.” True Yan laughed loudly, muttering within, “This punk… his close combat is comparable to Long Yun or Wuka, truly demonic.”

Hu!

The 3 absolute beings sent their consciousness immediately into the virtual universe network heavenly bridge.


Chapter 466: Learning While Fighting

Virtual universe network, Heavenly Bridge.

Three silhouettes appeared on the beautiful island. They were all absolute warriors of the Virtual Universe Company.

“True Yan emperor, Tong Nan Emperor, Jade Emperor.” The watchman Bevin bowed respectfully.

“Has Luo Feng’s battle on the 3rd level already begun?” Jade asked.

“It’s just about to, he just reached the end of the 3rd level.” The watchman Bevin said. Bevin was the watchman of the entire heavenly bridge, he was the most familiar with everybody’s conditions and progress. Even True Yan or Tong Nan Emperor, that level of absolute warriors, they couldn’t immediately detect others battling on the bridge. They all relied on Bevin.

“Broadcast his battle situation.” Jade emphasized.

“Yes!” Bevin waved his hand and a 10m long and 8m wide screen immediately appeared. The footage on it was a heavenly bridge shrouded in white mist. Luo feng was standing and staring at the mist.

“It’s about to begin.” Jade’s eyes gleamed.

“Looking at his form, he seems confident.” True Yan smiled, “He probably isn’t using close combat this time.”

“Hm!” Tong Nan replied.

3 absolute beings all watched the screen.

Jade Emperor was watching under the orders of the 9 blade knight, monitoring the progress and prospects of the new batch.

Tong Nan Emperor was simply following Jade and True Yan over to watch.

True Yan was the one who truly wanted to watch this, as Luo Feng was a youth with good prospects from the 9 universe tablet sect.

“Let me see your progress from these 10 years. I knew you training in Floating blood was the right choice.” True Yan thought within.

At the end of the 3rd level.

“I choose…” Luo Feng looked at the mist before him, “Controller!”

The large mist before him reacted just like the previous 2 levels. A black liquid flew out and immediately formed a black clothed man. This one was on a dark cloud shuttle, carrying a golden long rod. His mask revealed his eyes that were locked on Luo Feng, “You wish to pass the 3rd level?”

“Right.” Luo Feng smiled.

Rumble, immediately golden energy rippled around him. The dark golden long rod behind him immediately shot out beams of gold light. This immediately formed 9 blades covered in light! These 9 blades acted as the foundation and resonated with each other, causing countless amounts of blade energy to emanate, almost like an army being directed.

Nan Shen Armament 3rd level, Heavenly blade, also blade domain. Compared to before, Luo Feng was truly able to control this blade domain like his own arm. The energy within it gathered into one body.

“Heavenly blade?” The black clothed man laughed coldly.

Rumble…the black clothed man’s surroundings too began to fill with golden energy. In an instant, a similar blade domain was formed.

“Peng! Peng!” The 2 round blade domains clashed time and again, causing large amounts of blade energy to ripple about.

“Don’t think that just because you’ve passed the 2nd level, you can easily pass the 3rd.” The black clothed man stood far in mid air, laughing, “This 3rd level is much harder than the 2nd level. Go!” He pointed at Luo Feng and immediately from the 9 blades within his blade domain, 8 of them united. The golden threads interweaved between them, becoming a huge blurry golden blade.

Chi!

Luo Feng’s blade domain was immediately broken apart. The huge golden blade was like a huge ship steering past the waves.

“Go!” Luo Feng pointed.

The 9 blades around immediately gathered, a large amount of complex golden engravings interweaved, swiftly forming a huge golden blade. With a rumble, Luo Feng controlled the huge blade and matched the opponents huge blade in mid air. In the blink of an eye, they had exchanged over 1,000 times.

“Just relying on 8 blades into 1, you think you can defeat me?” Luo Feng looked at the black clothed man in mid air.

“Haha, no rush!” With a maniacal laughter, “Since you are looking to die fast, I’ll fulfill your wish.” Immediately the final blade from around the black clothed man joined the others into that huge blade, causing the huge blade to grow even more.

Luo feng and the black clothed man both fused 9 blades.

However their outer layer had their differences. Luo Feng’s size itself was larger, and the black clothed man’s huge blade seemed more condensed, with more golden threads. But, it was overall smaller.

“You will lose.” The black clothed man’s eyes burned with fire.

Rumble!”

The 2 huge blades clashed again and Luo Feng’s blade was immediately knocked backwards. The black clothed man immediately controlled his to pierce towards Luo Feng.

“Indeed its powerful.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. The dark cloud shuttle began to warp and immediately the surroundings were filled with 100 of his images. The 100 images completely surrounded the area with a diameter of 1,000m, also his unpredictable movement had reached an absurd level, every dodge was extremely fast.

Sou!

Sou!

Sou!

Just like lightning, it made the opponents huge golden blade completely unable to catch up to him, and Luo Feng simultaneously controlled his blade to block the opponent’s.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Every clash, in terms of offense, Luo Feng seemed disadvantaged. However in terms of movement…just relying on it alone, Luo feng was able to dodge every attack, it was unbelievable.

……

On the beautiful island.

The tall and sturdy True Yan emperor, the skinny Tong Nan Emperor, the beautiful Jade Emperor all watched the broadcast on the screen and laughed.

“Haha, this punk, he is treating the heavenly bridge as a chance to learn and advanced further.” True Yan laughed loudly.

“Hm.” Jade Emperor nodded, “His movement has already reached the 3rd level. Hmmm, 100 threads? but just relying on the this 100 thread level, he shouldn’t be able to so easily dodge the Nan Shen Armament’s attack. The main thing is Luo Feng. His movement…he’s obviously begun to comprehend the foundation of the universe space law. Hence, every movement he makes resonates with that.”

“Right, he’s truly begun to understand it.” Tong Nan Emperor nodded.

“The foundation of the universe space origin law, he’s gotten a glimpse of it already.” True Yan smiled and nodded.

What kind of level were these 3 people?

They were all given the title Emperors. They were beings that could immediately receive the title of eternal member within primal chaos city, far exceeding that general 13 from before, or the Yun Mo Planet master! If Luo Feng could be said to have begun to understand a bit of the foundation of the universe space law, then these 3 could be said to have reached the absolute foundation of either the space or time laws!

They were just a little step away from completely understanding them fully, hence they could naturally see Luo Feng’s progress. “Touching a little of the foundation of the law. As long as he doesn’t fall, his accomplishments in the future won’t be bad at all.” Jade emperor smiled and complimented.

“Look at how beautiful his movement is, that arc movement is so clean and precise. It follows the time ripple arc.” True Yan complemented and exclaimed, “Even that Bolan, studying both time and space, his movement was able to produce close to 10,000 images. Yet, that arc isn’t as perfect and precise!”

“Hm.” Jade nodded and smiled.

Luo Feng was using the 100 threads movement. With the grasp he had on the space law foundation, every time the opponent’s golden huge blade pierced towards him, he would follow the most perfect and optimal route to dodge. Almost like the undercurrent of the ocean, using the least energy and method to swim!

“His 9 blades converged into 1. When compared to mine, it is indeed different.” Luo Feng relied on the heavenly blade formation and movement to block, simultaneously observing and studying the opponent on how he used the Nan Shen Armament.”

“Firstly, his 9 blades fusion is more condensed, this reflects his stronger understanding of the raindrop picture.”

“Secondly, after his 9 blades have fused, his attacks are unpredictable and the blades forms within constantly change This is extremely mystical. So if I just relied on the 9 blades into 1, I cannot block it.” Luo Feng thought, “Obviously, his 9 blades into 1….each of the 9 blades represents the raindrop picture’s different forms, conditions, interchanging and profoundness!”

“And I am not able to do this yet.”

“My only strength is…I’ve already touched a thread of the origin law foundation!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, “Alright, let’s end it!”

In mid air.

The black clothed man raged, “If you have the skills, don’t dodge. What’s the point of dodging?”

“Then…” Luo Feng suddenly stopped, all the images completely disappeared.

“Hm?” The black clothed man was surprised but happy within.

“Go and die!” Luo Feng coldly pointed at him.

Xiu!

The huge golden blade Luo Feng was controlling wasn’t as clumsy as before, but immediately followed a mysterious perfect arc. With unbelievable speed, it reached right before the black clothed man’s face. It was fast, too fast.

“What…” still lost in his surprise, the black clothed man was shocked to discover that the opponent’s huge golden blade had already reached before him.

“Dang!”

He barely managed to block it with the golden long rod on his back, using the entire long rod to block the blade. With a clash, the golden huge blade slightly moved and the incredibly sharp edge arced and brushed right through the man’s head, immediately piercing through his head.

“The time spent on dissecting the foundation may take longer, requiring extremely high amounts of comprehension and conditions. However its power…when compared to these simple superficial ways of usage, is much stronger.” Luo Feng revealed a smile and looked ahead. The mist dissipated and the 4th level appeared, heading upwards.

Rumble…In the distance ahead, Luo Feng could clearly see the bridge shrouded in a terrifying blade like grey mist.

“Floating blood once mentioned that passing the 3rd level is a breakthrough. I didn’t expect that from the 4th level onwards, even the scenery changes.” Luo Feng laughed as he flew up and rushed towards the grey squall.

In the center of the beautiful island.

“That easily?” Jade emperor was shocked.

“It should not be that simple. He only managed to get a glimpse of the foundation of the law, it shouldn’t be that simple to defeat the 3rd level.” Tong Nan emperor too was shocked.

“It’s his consciousness.”

True Yan emperor’s eyes gleamed, “His consciousness strength is a few times stronger than any other universe level 1 genius! And because of this… when he controls his weapon, its power is stronger by quite a bit than what’s expected.”

Luo Feng’s consciousness was the golden horned beast’s consciousness.

Strong!

That was normal!

While True Yan, Jade and Tong Nan were discussing, waiting beside them was Bevin who thought within, “According the orders from above to promote competition amongst this batch of geniuses, I have to send this information out to Rong Jun, Jia Lai Xi, Bolan etc.” Watchman Bevin immediately sent the news of Luo Feng passing the 3rd level to the group of geniuses training hard.

Rong Jun, Jia Lai Xi, Bolan, Qian Shui, Tao, Gu Si Luo, Wuka…

They all received the news at exactly the same time.


Chapter 467: Optimum Power

Rong Jun was within the training grounds in the primal universe, this was a luxurious universe city.

Within a skyscraper’s balcony.

“It’s been over 10 years since we’ve come to primal chaos city.” Barefooted, messy haired Rong Jun who wielded the ground splitting blade was standing at the top of the skyscraper and was surveying the city below. This was a city he was extremely familiar with, and he had many good memories, “Father, father…”

Rong Jun muttered softly.

“How long!”

“How much longer will it take for me to become an undying and for me to regain the name Tuman. How long more before I can kill that bastard!” Rong jun said softly, “Father, this is hard for me, my heart feels very heavy.” His eyes were filled with tears.

“I have to bear with it!”

“I will endure, in the Virtual Universe Company. I will become the most exceptional talent in our generation…right now compared to Bolan I am weaker. However in 50 years, 100 years, 1,000 years, I will definitely exceed him! Until finally I will have the strength to personally kill that bastard myself. I will go to his imperial planet, break into his god country and destroy everything that belongs to him, allowing him to regret as he faces death!”

Gripping his fists, tears in his eyes.

This grudge was carved into his soul and he had to vent it out once in awhile.

“Rumble!” Rong Jun waved his hand, immediately the simulated image disappeared, returning to the vast endless training grounds. This training ground had a length and width of a few hundred km, and was even larger than Luo Feng’s!

“Teacher demonstrated the 1st form for me. As long as I pass the 3rd level, at least I can go listen to the classes from the others in the Huge Axe tablet sect, This will in turn increase my improvement speed even further.” Rong Jun thought, “With my strength, I should be able to pass the 3rd level in the next couple of years.”

“Right now, my only aim is to exceed Bolan!” Rong Jun thought.

As for the others, he felt no threat from them at all as he had passed the 2nd level in his 4th year. This speed far exceeded everybody else.

“Di!”

“Hm?” Rong Jun looked down curiously at the screen on his arm. On it displayed a new message, causing him to be suspicious, “Ah, it’s a mail from Watchman Bevin. Did someone else breakthrough? Everybody else passed the 2nd level after me, and the 3rd level is much harder than the 2nd. They can’t be earlier than me. Is it Bolan? But Bolan just passed the 4th level half a year ago. As it goes further, the difficulty rises greatly…it’ll be at least 10 years before he has any hopes of passing the 5th level.”

Filled with curiosity, Rong Jun ordered, “Open.”

The mail automatically opened.

“Luo Feng, for whom this was the 1st time attempting the heavenly bridge in 10 years had just passed both 2nd and 3rd levels. He is now attempting the 4th level.”

Rong Jun immediately stared wide eyed.

My god!

“The 3rd, 3rd, he has passed the 3rd level?” Rong Jun couldn’t believe it, “I passed both the 1st and 2nd levels earlier than him, and I even had a teacher to instruct me after, how can it be…”

“Madman, madman…” Rong Jun stared wide eyed, filled with shock.

……

Heaven and ground region.

In a particular villa garden, the black robed Jia Lai Xi appeared out of mid air.

“There’s a mail?” Jia Lai Xi pointed in mid air and a screen appeared, a letter displayed and he gently tapped to open it.

The details of the mail were simple…

“Luo Feng, for whom this was the 1st time attempting the heavenly bridge in 10 years had, just passed both 2nd and 3rd levels. He is now attempting the 4th level.”

……

“How can this be?” In a villa right beside Jia Lai Xi’s that fat huge warrior Tao too was shocked with rage as he looked at the screen, roaring, “Madman, that madman, he, he actually attempted the bridge for the 1st time in 10 years and passed both the 2nd and 3rd levels. Madman, he’s really mad!”

……

“Not possible!” The handsome absolute beginning member Jian Mo, who had green hair and engravings on his face was shocked as he looked at the screen, “I haven’t even passed the 2nd level and he actually passed the 3rd?”

……

After Luo Feng’s explosion, amongst the group of geniuses…Bolan had passed the 4th level and Rong Jun and the other 7 had passed the 2nd, everybody else had only passed the 1st!

One had to know.

Of the 7 who passed the 2nd level, Long Yun was in the primal region. Tao, Jia Lai Xi and Gu Si Luo were from the Heaven and ground region. The only ones from the absolute beginning were Rong Jun, Qian Shui and Wuka.

That meant that the others that entered the absolute beginning region Jiang Mo, Lancelot and Ai Chen etc were still stuck at the 1st level.

“Not possible!”

“How can this madman improve so much?”

“Our Heaven and ground region has close to 100 people. Their difference from Luo Feng shouldn’t be that huge. How can it be like this?”

When the news of Luo Feng’s breakthrough spread, it made the group of geniuses that were secretly competing all stunned. Luo Feng had already begun his 4th level attempt.

Amidst the dark squall, the bridge was engulfed in the mad winds.

Luo Feng stood at the bridge and his eyes gazed at the distant end of the squall. From within a voice resounded, “Choose your opponent, fighter, controller, hypnotist, choose anyone, defeating him will allow you to attempt the 5th level.”

“Controller.” Luo Feng said directly.

Rumble!

A human silhouette suddenly flew out from the squall. Dressed in silver white armor, white boots and stepping on the dark cloud shuttle, while carrying a dark golden long rod, his eyes beneath the silver white mask were staring at Luo Feng.

“According to floating blood’s calculations, the difficulty rises greatly as it goes further, and the jump in levels gets more and more absurd.” Luo Feng thought, “I don’t know just how strong this 4th level is.” As floating blood had several details on the heavenly bridge itself, Luo Feng had some estimates within. He was confident in passing the 3rd level before, as for the 4th…he didn’t seem to have any guarantee at all.

However even without it, he still had to give it a shot!

“Silver clothed person, I hope you use your strongest abilities.” Luo Feng shouted.

“Strongest?” The silver clothed man stood on the dark cloud shuttle, saying solemnly, “I only know one move, if you can block it, I will lose.”

“You only know one move?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Receive it!”

The silver clothed man pointed at Luo Feng. Simultaneously the dark golden long rod shot out countless blurry golden little blades. Right, it was simply a blur, large amounts of the blades immediately floated before him, infused with golden origin law threads which were weaving and joining them.

“1,600 little golden blades.” Luo Feng’s gaze swept over, very quickly counting accurately.

When one’s soul consciousness reaches Luo Feng’s level, it may not be at AI level, but at least it would still be much stronger than the computers on earth from his past.

“There are a total of 10,081 little blades in the Nan Shen Armament. The 9 levels of the Nan Shen Armament uses all of the blades to form one terrifying attack.” Luo Feng thought, “He’s using 1,600 blades, then it should be the 4th form.”

The 3rd form was the Heavenly blade, when using 9 true blades, every one of them consists of 81 little blades, hence the 3rd form alone uses a total of 729 little golden blades.

The 4th form, Optimum power, requires 1,600 little blades. This formed a close to 10m tall golden pillar, almost like a pillar of a huge room. To be able to use this at the universe level 1, one would definitely be deemed invincible, and it would be hard to find any opponent at all.

……

Before that silver clothed man, the 1,600 little blades floated about with some distance. With countless complex golden threads weaving through them, the entire appearance of the pillar was extremely complex, almost like a totem pillar altogether.

Nan Shen Armament 4th form, Optimum power!

“This…no wonder he only has one move.” Luo Feng was staring with eyes wide open. The 4th form is extremely difficult, to form a totem pillar…the requirements on space and gold laws are extremely high. It means to completely put the blade domain into that totem pillar, and once unleashed, it will have unbelievable amounts of power.”

The totem pillar had extreme power.

The moment it was formed, a casual swing could decimate a large mountain or ocean and create a tsunami.

“Receive it!” The silver clothed man roared.

“I will see just how strong this move is!” Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle and unleashed his 100 thread movement. His movement was already mystical and perfect, while dodging, he swiftly unleashed the heavenly blade 9 blades into 1, that golden huge blade immediately formed an arc and pierced towards the silver clothed man.

With some comprehension of the space law foundation, Luo Feng’s attack was extremely fast.

Before when he used the illusionary 7 blades, Dutchman’s pipe to pass the 2nd level, the opponent could only rely on his 2 blades to madly defend himself, basing his defense on luck to deflect Luo Feng’s attacks. However while the actual final pierce seemed simple, it was so fast the opponent couldn’t even react.

During the 3rd level, it was similarly absurdly fast and along with his consciousness strength advantage, he killed his opponent.

“Rumble…” The huge totem pillar began to roll.

The surrounding space was instantly warped. At this point, the totem pillar rolling seemed to suppress the surrounding space.

“Peng!”

The pillar was simply too huge. With a slight roll, it closed a huge distance and clashed with Luo feng’s golden huge blade. With just one clash, the huge blade was immediately knocked apart and separated back into 9 blades.

“Hu…”

The totem pillar in mid air immediately swept over and the space warped around affecting Luo Feng’s movement. “It’s too fast!” Luo Feng couldn’t even dodge and the pillar immediately clashed with his body.

4th level, failure!

Heavenly bridge, center of the island.

True Yan emperor, Jade Empror and Tong Nan emperor watched the screen floating before them. The battle was extremely short, and within a few seconds it was over.

“It’s normal for him to lose.” True Yan nodded.

“Hm.” Tong Nan spoke too, “The Nan Shen Armament has a total of 9 forms. However, they are split into 3 main levels. The 1st form to 3rd form, the 4th to 6th and finally the 7th to 9th. The 3rd form is ultimately still based on the 1st level, and the 4th’s power is obviously much much higher, it’s normal for him to lose.”

“He’s only been training in primal chaos city for 10 years, we can’t expect too much.” Jade smiled, ”Just 10 years and he’s gotten a glimpse of the essence of the space law, and his consciousness level is that strong. An unexpected surprise, this Luo Feng is an unexpected surprise from my trip here. He’s even stronger than Rong Jun!”

“From what I see, he might be able to surpass Bolan in the future.” True Yan said.

“Haha.”

“Still too early, don’t get too cocky, Bolan has too much of a lead.”

Tong Nan Emperor and Jade emperor both laughed.

“Anyway, I’m expecting great things from him.” True Yan said.

At this time…

At the center of the island, Rong Jun appeared, and following him, the fat warrior Tao, Wuka…many more started to appear.


Chapter 468: Stepping into Domain Lord Level

True Yan emperor, Tong Nan emperor and Jade emperor couldn’t help but laugh as they saw the group of youths arrive. At that same time, they left the virtual universe and disappeared.

“Mr. Bevin.” Wuka shouted, “Luo Feng passed the 3rd level?”

A group of human youths of different races looked at Watchman Bevin.

“Hm.” Watchman Bevin smiled, “Yes, just now.”

“The 4th level?” Savage Rong Jun asked. Immediately the group around him held their breaths, Luo Feng passing the 3rd level was already high enough…if he passed the 4th level too, the group would probably crumble.

No matter how big the difference, it shouldn’t be that huge!

“He was not successful.” Watchman Bevin said.

“That’s good.”

The group let out sighs of relief. As least he was still within range of chasing, however after which many of them began feeling helpless. They were all absolute geniuses within the universe…and right now they were forced by someone to feel like they couldn’t keep up. “Before coming to Primal Chaos city, he and I didn’t have too much of a difference in strength. But now, I can’t even pass the 2nd level and yet, he’s passed the 3rd already.” Jiang Mo gripped his fists tight.

Shrouded in chaos energy, the ancient city that had been around for trillions of years…primal chaos city.

“I’m really not used to long hair.” Luo Feng waved his hand, a sharp energy wrapped around it and he swiftly cut his hair to its original short state, following which he jumped down from the balcony onto the alley.

“Luo Feng, you’ve successfully passed both the 2nd and 3rd level. You’ve been rewarded 6,000 points and another 2 chances to study the tablet, what are your plans?” Within his mind Babatas voice resounded.

“I’ve passed the 3rd level. Since that is the case, I have the right to go listen to the strong warriors give classes.” Luo Feng smiled, “As for the 6,000 points, I cannot waste them. It’s only because I am a newcomer that I get 10 times the amount. When I leave primal chaos city…I am afraid that acquiring points would be extremely difficult.”

“Points, I can only acquire them according to the Virtual Universe Company’s methods, hence I have to save them.”

“As for the 2 times of study.”

“It’s been about 10 years since I’ve studied the 9 universe tablet. Since I have many questions by now, I’ll go use one of those chances today.” Luo feng walked in the alley, very quickly reaching a main path, “As for the 2nd chance, there’s no rush at all. I’ll use it in the future.”

His movement was like lightning.

Very quickly reaching the entrance of the city leader’s residence. This territory was huge. Luo Feng followed the familiar paths quickly to the huge secret room alley. Following that route, he could see the huge bronze doors along the side, and he very quickly reached the one with the words 9 universe.

“Lord Kandeli.” Luo Feng bowed at the 3 eyed guard before the door.

“Hm.” Kandeli smiled and nodded, after which he closed his eyes for a second and opened them, “Not bad, you’ve improved quite a bit, you have two chances to study now.”

“I’m prepared to use one now.” Luo Feng emphasized.

“Your luck is good, there’s no one inside right now.” Kandeli smiled and pointed at the huge bronze door behind him. With a rumble, the door gradually opened and the thick chaos energy revolved within. The inside seemed like a complete blur. Luo Feng however was happy, “Thank you Lord.”

Sou! He rushed into the secret training room.

……

Within the room, the chaos energy revolved around a huge primal chaos tablet.

“Every chance to study this is extremely valuable. Even though there are many people in primal chaos city, occasionally requiring us to queue and wait to enter, however at times there’s only me.” Luo feng immediately rushed to stand before the tablet. His gaze landing on the 1st picture of the tablet, the raindrop picture.

That picture had 9 drops, and hiding within it was unbelievable amounts of power and mystery, immediately captivating Luo Feng’s attention and consciousness within.

At this time!

Luo Feng’s 3 bodies were all immersed in the rain drop picture. Every drop represented different simulations within their minds. However, there was only 1 drop that held no more mystery to Luo Feng. He had completely seen through and comprehended that 1 drop’s foundation.

Rain drop picture, there were a total of 9 drops and mysteries.

When normal warriors studied the raindrop picture, as long as they understood each mystery, they could use it and that would be considered as passing. Luo Feng however was not satisfied with just that. He wanted to completely study its foundation and comprehend it fully!

For example, in a test paper, there were normal questions and extra questions.

Finishing all the normal ones would get one 100 points.

If one finishes all that and the extra ones too, they would get 150 points!

Normal warriors’ comprehension of the raindrop picture would usually only reach the 100 points level!

And right now Luo Feng had about 90 points worth towards the other 8 drops. As for the one drop, he had reached the 150 points level!

The 9 drops, if one understood all of them, normally they could pass the 3rd level.

Luo Feng however had 8 of them close to a passing level, and one of them fully perfected!

“What I must do now is not to rush into studying the drizzling rain picture but to completely reach the perfection level for the raindrop picture.” Luo Feng was very clear on what he needed to do.

……

While immersed within the 9 universe tablet, Luo Feng’s large amount of comprehension of the it began to surface. The moment he reached a new height of comprehension, he couldn’t help but smile.

“Come out!” A voice entered his mind.

“Come out! Come out! Come out! Come out! The voice got louder constantly, resounding continuously within his mind, forcing Luo Feng to awake from that mystical dream world within and grit his teeth and fly out, “What a pity, it’s time again.”

Outside the room, there were already 3 people waiting.

“What a pity.”

“If only I could stay in there longer.” Luo Feng walked along the alley outside the residence He felt a sense of longing to return in. Studying the tablet was simply too wonderful a feeling. It wasn’t the same as the usual mentally tiring study, there wasn’t any sense of fatigue at all while staring at the tablet.

Even to the point where one didn’t have to actively study it. But as long as one got captivated by it, that alone led to much of the comprehension.

“Right now, as far as the other 8 wonders of the raindrop picture are concerned, I should have passed.” Luo Feng thought. If they were considered to be at a level of 90 points before, right now they should all be 100.”

“However…”

“My aim is to get all of them to be at a level of 150 points.” Luo Feng smiled.

The further he went, the harder it became.

The extra questions were always much harder than the normal ones. The reasoning for this was that comprehending the entire foundation compared to simply using it, the difficulty was much higher.

“Breathe…” Luo Feng looked up at the sky, he hadn’t been this relaxed in a long time.

Looking at the distant sky, its many crystal threads were weaving in between the spaces, and the complex large amounts of engravings revolved…the universe was such a vast thing. Its laws were in plain sight for others to see right now, however even with it revealed, understanding it still required a very long time.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Finally, finally broken through?” Luo Feng became a blur and rushed to his own training quarters not far from the city leader’s residence, within the resting room.

……

Luo Feng’s internal world.

Within the vast golden continent, the black mountain like golden horned beast and the Mosha clan black clothed Luo Feng were all looking at the sky with glee.

“It’s finally breaking through!”

“Finally breaking through to the domain lord level!”

From the universe level 9 to the domain lord level, normal evolution would require about 500 years, at times plus or minus a hundred years, there was no definite number. And Luo Feng, using the optimum metal groupings, had raised the evolution and internal world expansion to a efficiency of 56 times!

In theory, Luo Feng’s 7th or 8th year in the primal chaos city should have been the year of the beast’s breakthrough.

However it was late a total of 3 years!

One of the reasons was because the evolution took more time. However, the second reason was that it was Luo Fengs fault altogether!

As Luo Feng was immersed in his study the past 10 years, the 3 bodies all were training rigorously. Every time he awoke was usually once between 3-4 months. The internal world’s swallowing of metals was like one’s meals! It required frequent doses! Just like a normal person starving for 3 days, after 3 days he’d still be unable to take all 3 days worth of food in one go.

One theory.

The internal world’s one large intake of metals could usually last for 1 to 2 months.

However, as Luo Feng’s study normally took 3 to 4 months, every time he woke up, he could only let it at most consume another 1 to 2 months worth of metals! This slowed down the evolution speed.

……

Luo Feng’s studying was extremely important. Since Babata didn’t dare disturb him in critical times, this naturally happened! And whether it was Luo Feng or Babata, they were both very clear…these 30 years in the primal chaos city were very important. He had to use his full strength to study. As for the delay of 2 to 3 years for the golden horned beast to evolve, that was still a negligible matter!

Studying the laws was the more important factor!

……

“Rumble…” Countless golden fogs and energies covered the vast continent. The continent expanded continuously, large amounts of the continent appeared, it took awhile for all the tectonic plates to completely form.

Everything went silent.

The internal world’s evolution was a success.

From the 9,000km length and width from before, it had suddenly expanded to 100,000 km!

……

Luo feng’s core within.

Within the core, the whirlpool galaxy was beautiful. At its core was a big black hole, with 8 arms and 8 little black holes. After the successful evolution of the internal world, immediately the whirlpool galaxy began to change at a shocking rate.

“Rumble…”

The center black hole along with the 8 other black holes strength in swallowing began to rise greatly, the surrounding planets and stars began to all get swallowed up, especially since the center black hole grew bigger and bigger, slowly, even the the other little ones were getting drawn to the center.

Swallow!

The center black hole began to swallow all that it could, getting even bigger and gradually joining with the other 8.

At this time.

The whirlpool galaxy had completely vanished leaving behind one huge black hole.

“Rumble..” The extra large black hole suddenly violently crumbled. The entire black area began to shrink within the core, its shrinking was visible even to the naked eye. This black hole collapse…was heart trembling. In the blink of an eye, the entire black hole had vanished and in that spot where the center black hole was, a grey round ball had appeared.

Chi!

The grey round ball was like a shedding snake. One layer of the grey outer shell shed off, and this outer layer began to expand and inflate…

Bigger and bigger!

The outer shell continued to grow, until it was as large as the entire core, and later it grew until the balls shell even began to fuse with the core itself completely without a sound. This caused Luo Feng’s core…internal core to go through a special change.

……

As the core began to change, the two bodies within the internal world too changed.

The golden horned beast and the Mosha clan simultaneously evolved!


Chapter 469: Evolution

The golden horned beast which was like a huge black mountain slowly extended its scaled wings. Simultaneously a shocking change begin to happen to its entire body as large amounts of golden fog descended from the skies down low, shrouding the entire scaled surface of the beast. As its body continued to absorb it, one could see with the naked eye as the black dense scales grew in size.

Its bones also got thicker and larger, even more condensed!

Its claws grew stronger and sharper!

Like an armor that covered its entire body, the golden engravings grew along with the body. Not just the exterior, but the internal parts of the golden horned beast too had changes that were even more shocking. Every cell and every bone began to go through an earth shattering amount of change, a change that occurred right from the very essence within.

Universe level to domain lord level, it was a huge evolution in the body’s essence!

“Howl!” The golden horned beast raised its head and let out a carefree howl.

Not far from what had just happened, a black life crystal filled with incomparably complex golden engravings on its surface began to shoot out golden beams of light. This was the Mosha clan’s true appearance! The Mosha clan was basically a life crystal, the energy it released allowed it to take any shape or form.

Hence!

The Mosha clan’s evolution in truth was an evolution of the life crystal.

Since their life forms were completely different, their evolutions were different too. For flesh and blood life forms, the main thing was for the body to evolve at the same time as the soul.

And for the energy life forms, the life core had to evolve!

And the Mosha clan’s core was a being of this life crystal. With training, the life crystal could absorb more energy to change its body. Just like a human’s body evolution, this life crystal too could get stronger and more solid and durable. However its evolution process also had a bottleneck. It required willpower, the life crystal, genetic energy and many other factors working together for it to break through.

However Luo Feng’s Mosha clan was unlike the others.

As the core of this Mosha clan was not the life crystal, even if this was destroyed, it could still regenerate! Luo Feng’s three main bodies weren’t important as they all relied on the main core within. As long as that was fine, they wouldn’t die, but if that was destroyed, the three great bodies would die!

Right now the main core’s soul had broken through to Domain lord level 1.

Hence, the three bodies could all train to that level. The only problematic one was the physical bodies. The earth human body had a very slow evolution. As for the life crystal, it could evolve extremely quickly with limitless energy absorption. However, the golden horned beast evolved the fastest!

“Ding…” After a few hours, the revolving black life crystal began to emit noises.

The entire life crystal had shrunk an entire size.

“Hu hu…”

From within the crystal, large amounts of black energy were emitted and later formed a person…a black clothed Luo Feng!

Primal chaos city, Luo Feng was within his training quarter’s resting room.

“Domain lord?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, “No wonder the slave traders don’t have any Domain lord level slaves.”

From the Universe level to the Domain lord level, the galaxy within will get completely swallowed by the black hole. This was nothing short of a miracle. This was that grey round ball that was within his internal core when he evolved, that represented the step into Domain lord level!

That miracle dot, even though it was extremely small, it was incredibly heavy!

In theory…

As an extremely small dot that was formed from swallowing countless galaxies, an internal world would be produced and nurtured, this was the process of Domain lord level 1 to 9! Once the nurturing was successful, a change would happen right at its very core and the world within would form a true world!

That would be the Sector lord level!

Sector lord, with a true world within, could at a wave of one hand have the power of a world itself. The world of a sector lord could actually allow people to survive, store items, etc, similar to a real world!

The internal world of a golden horned beast however was special. as every single living thing or item placed within would get digested. If too much was placed within and it couldn’t digest it, the internal space would explode from it! This internal world would gradually grow…

Until sector lord level, this was when the internal world would undergo a change in its essence.

Only at that time could it allow humans and items to be placed within.

And now? It only allowed Luo Feng’s body to enter.

“The golden horned beast’s talents are incredible. It’s inherited memories are even more shocking, and it’s lifespan is 10 times that of a human sector lord. Yet after many generations of golden horned beast, it is still extremely difficult for them to breakthrough to undying. Many die at the pinnacle of Sector lords.” Luo Feng understood one thing during the evolution to Domain lord earlier.

One had to know!

For a sector lord to become undying, one had to break his internal world from the shackles, melding it with the crevices within the universe space itself, forming a stable and powerful space…god country!

Breaking the shackles.

These shackles were the miracle dot from before.

This dot, would constantly get more condensed as it grew, getting more and more solid. Hence breaking it would be extremely difficult.

However the golden horned beast had it even harder, 10 to 100 times harder than a human!

As the golden horned beast naturally had a miracle dot from when it was born the main core within would establish the internal world. Hence, when Luo Feng reached the Domain lord level, when the galaxies within crumbled into the black hole and formed the dot, this dot actually broke through its shell and fused with the main core. As time passed, the dot became one with the main core itself.

This was because they were originally one body.

The main core after fusing was even more solid, much more solid than a normal human’s dot.

“Domain lord level 1 golden horned beast. Its internal world has a length and width of 100,000 km.” Luo Feng exclaimed, “When it reaches Sector lord, what would that be like?”

The bigger the internal space, the better.

However it also represented that the main core within was even more solid. When Luo Feng reaches the Sector lord level 9, against an immovable main core…he would know why generations of golden horned beast were helpless against it.

“Breaking the shackles. I have to form a god country with my internal world and space itself. However this is only the last requirement to becoming undying. There are many preceding it.” Luo Feng shook his head, “Becoming undying, I’m only at the Domain lord level now. The distance is still very far, I’ll slowly train. Lian Luo who created the floating blood, he became an undying in less than 100,000 years, immediately gaining the title Official.”

“Is it possible that even though I have 10 times the lifespan of a human sector lord, I can’t become undying with that?” With that thought, Luo Feng laughed.

Life, only has 1 core and 1 internal world.

Luo Feng’s three bodies share 1 core and 1 internal world.

They thrived together and fell together!

“Master, there’s someone here to see you.” An electronic voice resounded within the training quarters.

“Hm.” Luo Feng got up and walked out of the resting room. Opening the door to the living room, outside stood a tall lady dressed in a black robe, her pupils were purple.

“Black robed warrior?” Luo Feng thought.

“Luo Feng, congratulations on passing the 3rd level of the heavenly bridge.” The black robed lady smiled, “In primal chaos city, as long as one passes the 3rd level, it represents that one has reached a certain level in the study of the tablets. Thus, they have earned the right to listen to the sect leaders’ lessons. These are the 18 sub sect leaders in the 9 universe sect and their information. You can go to anyone of them to listen to their classes.”

Following which, she handed over a black surfaced book about as thick as one’s thumb.

“Thank you.” Luo Feng received.

“Some advice, even though you can go to anyone to listen, your 1st visit and who you pick is extremely important.” The black robed lady emphasized, “I believe that the book explains the details within, I shall not speak more.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Following which he watched as this messenger of the city leader left. Listen to classes? There was no rush now. Afterall he had just studied hard for 10 years, passing 2 levels continuously, plus he just broke through to the Domain lord level. At this time of glee, Luo Feng really wanted to share everything with his family, his eyes were filled with anticipation, “It’s been awhile since I visited my family, I should go see them.”

Virtual universe network, Ganwu continent.

Ganwu continent’s Meng Ka City was an extremely huge city, larger than the Black Dragon Mountain island by 10 times.

Ping Hai Company was considered a larger company within this city, ranking amongst the top 100.

Ping Hai company’s skyscraper, level 86, meeting room.

“How do you do, very nice to meet you Mrs Luo.”

“It’s my honor too, to be able to meet the Virtual Universe Company’s Meng Ka station Bo Te Lai bureau chief.”

Dressed in a red chinese robe, Xu Xin was shaking hands with a tall and huge sharp nosed man.

The two of them sat at the two ends of the conference table within the meeting room.

“Accurately speaking, it’s Bo Te Lai Si bureau chief.” The sharp nosed man smiled, “Haha, I believe this talk should not have too much stress on Mrs Luo. Your husband is a high level member within our Virtual Universe Company, your Ping Hai company becoming one of our flagship companies has many benefits for you.”

Xu Xin smiled, “My husband may be a majority stockholder but I decide everything.”

“Hm, Mrs Luo, whatever you have on your mind, just speak.” Bo Te Lai smiled, “If everybody simply speaks their mind, anything can be discussed.”

“Firstly, this company has to be controlled by me.” Xu Xin emphasized.

“Mrs Luo!”

Bo Te Lai smiled, “You should know that our Virtual Universe Company, when we buy into such companies with potential, we have to have a certain amount of controlling shares! The lowest we ever go is still 51% of the shares.”

“I understand. I’m only saying that the company has to still be run by me. Your company cannot interfere with the operation, but can only enjoy the benefits and returns.” Xu Xin said.

“Ah?” Bo Te Lai nodded, “Continue.”

“I believe you know too.” Xu Xin smiled, “Our Ping Hai company has 3 main businesses. The main one being the chain of restaurant management, the second being the financial investments, the third being real estate. Just my little brother Luo Hua, even the universe 1st bank has even sent people to headhunt him before. This profit ability, you should already know.”

“Ping Hai company’s investment abilities, I’m very clear of it.” Bo Te Lai smiled, “This is also the reason behind my company giving you 6 times the usual price.”

“No, I require 12 times!”

Xu Xin looked at Bo Te Lai, “I believe Mr Bo Te Lai should understand the complexity behind my Ping Hai Company’s restaurant business.”

“12 times? Definitely not.” Bo Te Lai shook his head.

“Mr Bo Te Lai!” Xu Xin was just about to continue speaking.

“Hm?” Suddenly she lowered her head to look at her wrist. On it a small message appeared on the screen, she couldn’t help but smile with glee, “He’s finally returned to visit.”


Chapter 470: Home

After a while.

At the higher levels of Ping Hai Company, a group of people passionately sent the Ganwu investment department from the virtual universe company away.

“Mrs Luo’s intentions I fully understand.” Bo Te Lai smiled, “However 12 times is simply impossible, please be mentally prepared. As for the statistics you’ve given me…I will definitely give it to my chief.”

“Thanks.” Xu Xin smiled.

Bo Te Lai left after which followed by some of his staff.

Outside the building, there stopped a flat streamlined shaped universe ship, the cabin door opened and 8 armored single horned men received him respectfully, Bo Te Lai took his staff and flew into the ship, the bodyguards followed suit and the cabin door closed and the ship quickly left.

“Big sister Xu, the ingredients our restaurant has ordered…” Standing beside Xu Xin was a short haired lady, she shouted.

“I have other matters, I’ll let you handle the company affairs.” Xu Xin ordered.

“Yes.” The short haired lady answered.

Xu Xin waved towards the sky.

Immediately a carriage pulled by winged horses began to descend from above, Xu Xin immediately jumped on, “Go to the teleportation point.”

“Go!”

The coachman shook the reins, the winged horses immediately took off.

Virtual universe, black dragon mountain island 9 star bay little district.

“Dad, right now at 9 star bay, the entire east region is ours, we’ve hired the best designers and borrowed from the many constructs of the universe to build.” A clean cut man with a firm yet friendly voice pointed at the surrounding constructs that were like an imperial palace.

“Hm, not bad.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Luo Ping, your mum isn’t back yet?” Luo Feng asked.

“I’ve already informed her, only right now the company headquarters is in the Ganwu continent, and she has to go there everyday, you hardly ever return, hence she transferred her appearance point to there and stays in the company.” Luo Ping said, under normal circumstances, one’s appearance point in the virtual universe would be the home residence.

Xu Xin however had set it as her company.

“She stays in the company?” Luo Feng was regretful about the fact that only returned once in a long while.

“Dad.”

Luo Hua pointed at the distant luxurious mansions, “Because you live here, the entire 9 stay bay district’s land value has soared! These little living quarters have mostly been sold off to people with status. And these figures…they wanted to get as close to you as possible, after all you are considered within the black dragon mountain star field as someone of prominence.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng laughed shocked.

Right.

As a member of the absolute beginning region in the virtual universe company, the leader of his guards was a sector lord recognized by the origin laws! In terms of position, Luo Feng was even higher than the black dragon mountain empire emperor. Even the Undyings behind the black dragon mountain empire…had to show respect to him.

A small star field, was but a dot in the vast universe!

A group of powerful and rich figures wanting to get closer to Luo Feng which wasn’t strange at all.

“Mr Luo Ping!” In the distance a bald fat man with a furry 3m tall pet, with 2 underlings behind him, was walking about carefree, spotting Luo Ping, he shouted passionately.

“Backson.” Luo Ping laughed and shouted.

This bald fat man, had scales on the top of his head, was shocked as he saw Luo Feng, Mr Luo Ping, this man is…”

“This is my father.” Luo Ping smiled.

“Ah, Lord Luo Feng.” The bald fat man bowed respectfully, he bowed till his face reached his fat belly, following which he raised his head and said excitedly, “Lord Luo Feng, it’s my honor to meet you, I just moved here 8 years ago, I’ve always been idolizing Lord Luo Feng, I didn’t expect to be able to meet you today, it’s, it’s really an honor for me Backson.”

Luo Feng smiled, “How do you do Backson.”

“Ah!” This Backson was immediately so excited his face flushed red.

“Dad, Mum is back!” Luo Ping pointed in mid air.

“Xu Xin?” Luo Fen turned to look.

In mid air, Xu Xin sat in the carriage and slowly descended.

“Xu Xin.” Luo Feng immediately ran over.

Xu xin who was in the carriage looked down at Luo Feng, a few tears appearing in her eyes, she waited till the carriage had fully descended before jumping off and landing on the grass.

“At least you know how to come back!” Xu Xin stared at Luo Feng.

“Eh…” Luo Feng was remorseful.

“How long, how long since you last returned?” Xu Xin stared at him, Luo Feng felt bad to answer her.

“10 years! You haven’t returned in 10 years!” Xu Xin couldn’t help but rage, “I know you are studying in primal chaos city, but returning once in awhile to visit your children, me, your parents, is that so hard?”

“Sorry.” Luo Feng said softly.

Yes.

10 years.

His latest study period in Primal chaos city was 3 years 9 months, and because time flowed slower in the primal universe, the 3 years and 9 months there equated to over 10 years in the actual universe! And the virtual universe time flowed according to the actual universe.

“10 years!” Xu Xin stared at Luo Feng.

“Alright.” Luo Feng gently extended his arms to hug her, “I promise I will come back every year in the future, unless something special happens.”

“Hm.” Xu Xin nodded.

She just wanted to remind him, as the recent over 30 years, whether it was earth or the Luo family, they all underwent major changes! Just like how the people of earth gained status within the milky way galaxy and the Luo Family power growing stronger, everyone was clear this was all because of Luo Feng!

Luo Feng, was a core member of the virtual universe company, one of the 5 great leviathans of humanity!

“Let’s go, let’s go home.” Luo Feng said.

“Hm, home.” Xu Xin nodded.

The 3 immediately headed home, Xu Xin got a glance at the fat man, saying softly, “That fatty Backson owns over 30,000 life planets, controlling over a trillion human slaves, he’s a large slave trader, he may seem earnest and stupid but he’s vicious.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng was shocked as he looked over.

That fatty?

Owns over 30,000 life planets? Isn’t he even more powerful than the Nuolan Shan family from before?

“Before our house naturally he’s very low profile, very amicable.” Xu Xin shot a glance of disdain, “Luo Ping, don’t mix around so much with such people.”

“Yes, your mother is right.” Luo Feng nodded.

With difference in status, their vision and perspective was different too.

Back when they were nothing but little figures of earth, maybe the Nuolan Shan family was a huge thing, Backson, this level of slave trader was something to be feared. However now, with Luo Feng’s bodyguard leader a sector lord, with an order, he could easily destroy the families with power within this little starfield.

“Dad, mother, we have to get to know a little of all the paths of life.” Luo Ping smiled.

“You are really different from your younger brother.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but exclaim.

“Thirdie!”

“Thirdie!”

A booming voice resounded from not too distant.

“It’s 2nd brother?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Since the last time he visited 9 star bay district, it had been over 10 years.

This return home, Luo Feng discovered…his family was already considered a large family now, even his grandchildren, many had built their families, many things within the milky way galaxy regarding the Luo Family, were all controlled mostly by his big son Luo Ping and Xu Xin, as for the younger son Luo Hai, he was a martial arts fanatic!

Chasing after the limits of humanity, becoming a strong warrior within the universe.

For what? One was for his own dream, the other was for his family and home!

Luo Feng stayed in 9 star bay for 3 days before he returned his consciousness back to primal chaos city! The only thing that disappointed him was…he didn’t meet Hong, from what Thunder god said, Hong seemed to be undergoing a very important training, blocking all messages and calls, completely incommunicable.

……

Level 89 of Ping Hai company.

Xu Xin stood before the full sized window, surveying the beautiful and huge city.

“Dong, dong, dong.” Knocks on the door.

“Come in.” Xu Xin shouted.

A graceful bodied short haired lady in uniform walked in, smiling, “Big sister Xu, how were the past 3 days?”

Xu Xin smiled.

“Big sister Xu, this is the document Bo Te Lai sent.” The short haired lady handed it over.

“Ah?” Xu Xin received it.

Virtual universe company, it was separated into the business and martial departments, naturally the both upper echelon members belonged to the core, the upper echelon within the core, those were the true governing bodies!

Business, was a very important side of the virtual universe company.

However in this virtual universe world, even the virtual universe company didn’t undertake all the businesses to handle themselves, as they were very clear…if they monopolized everything, it would adversely affect and limit the economy, affecting and limiting the economy flow in reality itself.

Creating a fair market environment, only then would the true superpowers in reality be willing to dish out the money!

If it was unfair, monopoly, the huge leviathans and powers, who would dare invest in this place?

Hence!

In the virtual universe, there were many types of companies and organizations that were competing etc. and several very powerful companies would normally be bought over by the larger companies.

“Big sister Xu, the universe 1st bank too has agreed to buy over our company, and their conditions are extremely good, why have you decided to reject them immediately?” The short haired lady spoke.

“I’m not worried about the cash.” Xu Xin lowered her head to read the document.

“Since that’s so, why decide to have talks with the virtual universe company?” The short haired lady asked curiously.

Xu Xin was stunned.

“I’m very curious.” The short haired lady asked sincerely, “Big sister Xu, I’ve followed you for close to 40 years, our every step in development, even creating a F&B chain according to our china’s culture…many members within are trained on earth, with barriers around its infrastructure, making others hard to imitate, our Ping Hai chain…the name has long been established! And with large amounts of capital, and melding with Mr Luo Hua being in charge of the capital investment department, the amount we earn, with Mr Luo Huas 2 fold returns, this level of earnings is extremely quick, our returns are incomparably exceptional! That plus the Ganwu universe country…because of Lord Luo Feng, giving us support and protection, our expansion definitely has no problem, there’s no need to sell our shares to anyone else.”

“Right.” Xu Xin nodded.

Entering the virtual universe and beginning, it’s been close to 40 years, this business was akin to another child, how could she bear to share it with others?

“However it’s different.” Xu Xin said softly, “The virtual universe company and the universe 1st bank are completely different.”

“How are they different?” The short haired lady asked curiously.

“Because, my husband is in the virtual universe company.” Xu Xin turned, looking through the glass windows, at the skies outside, “Luo Feng is very exceptional and powerful, on earth, he’s the most exceptional! However, because of that he’s left to be so far behind, like this time, he didn’t return for over 10 years.”

The short haired lady opened her mouth wide, speechless.

Luo Feng was the pride of earth. However to Luo Feng’s family…he had indeed left them behind.

“I don’t blame him.”

“I’m proud of him.” Xu Xin looked outside, revealing a smile, “Only thing is, I don’t want him to leave me further and further behind, I wish…to be able to stand by his side, the closer the better.”

“Big sis Xu…” the short haired lady wanted to speak, but she didn’t know what to say.

“Becoming part of the virtual universe company, I too would become a member within the virtual universe company.” Xu Xin smiled, “As long as I can make this business reach a high enough level, I will be absorbed too as an internal core member. When that time comes, I too would be able to enter Yu Xian Mountain.”

“Core member?” The short haired lady was shocked.

She didn’t expect Big sis Xu’s aim to be that high.

“The one thing I’m really wishing for, is to be at Yu Xiang Mountain… meeting with Luo Feng.” Xu Xin said softly.


Chapter 471: Taking on a Master?

Humanity’s sacred training land primal chaos city, within an unimportant looking training quarter’s resting room.

Luo Feng sat in a chair, lowering his head to look at the books the black robed messenger had left before, there were these words on the book.

“If one is able to pass the 18th level, he would be a true elite amongst humanity, a sub sect leader amongst the undying, they will immediately receive the right to become eternal members of primal chaos city, also able to open a sub sect within the city and accept students, receiving respect from others!”

“And the people who come here to train, as long as they pass the 3rd level, they can go listen to these classes.”

“You can listen to any one of the leaders teach.”

“However if you want to become a particular leader’s student, then the 1st time you go listen…you have to choose that particular leader as a show of respect, and requesting to be his disciple later! If the leader agrees, than that would be a success.”

“Remember!”

“Unless you have no intentions of finding a master, otherwise whoever you want to be a student of, that 1st attendance has to be at his door, that is respect.”

……

Finishing up the text, Luo Feng understood why the black robed messenger emphasized the importance of the 1st attendance.

“Finding a master?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Finding a teacher is good, Luo Feng, those able to teach in primal chaos city are sub sect leaders among the undyings, all with the title emperor.” Babata shouted excitedly, “When you are weak and small, having an absolute being to guide you is an incredibly important matter. For example…if True Yan emperor hadn’t given you the advice to learn floating blood, you might have taken a wrong path like other normal warriors.”

“I already have a teacher.” Luo Feng was troubled.

“No problem!”

Babata didn’t seem to care, “The strong within the universe have incredibly long life spans. They may find a teacher in the star traveller level, another in the universe level, and when they become sector lords, another one after. At different levels of strengths they have different perspectives, the teacher they require will be different too. A warrior having tens of teachers is very normal.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng nodded.

……

The universe was like that, to be able to rank amongst the top 1,000 of geniuses in the entire universe, who doesn’t have a few teachers? Also, if any of them were to be accepted by universe country leaders as disciples, they’d all be extremely excited. Back when Rong Jun was accepted by the Yuan Chen country leader, it made many green with envy.

……

“Who do I choose?” Luo Feng looked at the 18 sub sect leaders and their information on the book within the 9 universe sect.

These were all leaders, leaders amongst undyings!

Much stronger than his previous teacher of the Yun Mo Planet, the Yun Mo planet master could barely gain the title Official, and these leaders…were all strong even amongst the emperors, many of their disciples were all undyings!

“Who do I choose?”

“Who?”

Luo Feng muttered, very quickly scanning all their information, “Hm, within primal chaos city, there are a total of 18 leaders under the 9 universe. These 18, 4 of them belong to the virtual universe company, they are Flame Dragon Emperor, True Yan Emperor, 1,000 Dream Emperor and Blade Emperor, they all seem really terrifying.”

“Flame Dragon Emperor? I’ve seen him in action!” Babata shouted excitedly, “Back when your teacher and I entered the universe secret area, enduring a perilous journey through a planet engulfed in ice, I personally saw within that ice, Flame Dragon Emperor immediately became a star and burnt 10 undyings who surrounded him to a crisp, they couldn’t be more dead!”

“He became a star?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Even more terrifying than a normal star! Undyings could easily destroy a star, however the star that he transformed into… in terms of temperature, was much higher than a normal star, with one move destroying 10 undyings, of which 2 were humans and the rest were automaton and other races, flame dragon emperor…was an extremely terrifying being.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng held his breath.

“Even the bastard that killed your teacher back then couldn’t kill your teacher in one move. I didn’t expect him to actually be teaching here in primal chaos city now.” Babata exclaimed.

Flame Dragon Emperor, True Yan Emperor, 1,000 Dream Emperor and Blade Emperor.” Luo Feng looked at these 4’s information, his eyes filled with anticipation.

The warriors within primal chaos city were mostly separated into 5 main groups…virtual universe company, huge axe dojo, universe 1st bank, universe galaxy bank, universe mercenary alliance, only very few had no huge power backing them.

Within a mansion.

“Haha, Blade Emperor, don’t get overconfident.” The Apeman warrior True Yan laughed loudly.

“Why don’t you take a look.” A man in purple armor and carrying a golden blade on his back laughed loudly, “Of you 3, one’s an Apeman, another a dragon man, and another always cold and gloomy…only I, look the most like a human of earth, if he doesn’t choose me, who will he choose?”

“Blade, looking for a master doesn’t rely on looks!” With 2 dragon horns and a face full of red scales, eyes as though they were 2 mini planets.

“Flame Dragon, in terms of strength, I don’t lose to you.” Blade emperor laughed.

“Blade is too proud, from what I see, he’s miscalculated this time.” A dreamy like appearance, a blurry man in a black robe sat at a side, “However this Luo Feng is indeed considered a rare seedling from over a hundred million years within our 9 universe sect, he actually managed to comprehend the 1st blade form of the floating blood in 10 years, his talent is really high, very powerful.”

“Hence, he has to be my disciple, I use a blade.” Blade emperor laughed.

The 4 of them.

Were of the 9 universe sect, all members of the virtual universe company, leaders amongst the undying, teachers in primal chaos city, naturally their relationships were good.

Once in awhile, the 4 would gather and chat and discuss, even compete and learn from another.

As for Luo Feng…

He was an unexpected surprise for the 9 universe sect.

Every group of geniuses from the competitions had the most outstanding, like this time’s was Bolan, even considered the most outstanding for ten million years! Luo Feng initially didn’t gain too much recognition from these 4, however after he passed the 2nd and 3rd level consecutively, it was obvious he had comprehended the 1st blade form in 10 years.

This talent, others didn’t know, only these 4 studying the 9 universe tablet were extremely clear!

Terrifying!

Extremely terrifying!

To be able to study the essence of what Lian Luo did with the space laws, one had to be an absolute genius, with strong mentality and comprehension! If one couldn’t comprehend the 1st form in 20 years that meant he had no hope, and Luo Feng did it in 10.

“Bolan had too much of a lead initially, if we don’t count his initial lead, just in terms of improvement speed, this Luo Feng doesn’t lose to Bolan at all!” The black robed man said softly, complimenting, “Maybe in the past hundred million years there were others comparable to him, however they didn’t necessarily pick our 9 universe.”

“Our 9 universe, has hardly seen a genius like this in the past hundred million years.” Flame dragon exclaimed.

“How can we not nurture a genius like that?”

The 4 all heavily recognized Luo Feng, this sort of rare gem seedling, it was normal for all of them to favor him, because this level of genius…if he didn’t fall, would have high chances of later becoming an official or emperor. To be able to nurture a disciple that would become an emperor, their own position would be raised greatly.

The student master relationship was a very reliant one.

“Blade, no use being confident now, just wait, we’ll see who he picks.” True Yan rubbed his golden fur on his chin, laughing.

“Then we’ll see!” Blade Emperor said confidently.

Flame Dragon and 1,000 Dream Emperor both laughed.

……

After a few days, in a special spot in the virtual universe.

In a majestic shrine floating in the clouds, True Yan immediately appeared within the plaza, in it stood many guards, some tall and short, however they all had one common similarity…they were all Apeman! Be it black fur, golden fur or long armed, their color, height and structures all had differences, but they were all Apeman.

“Hmph.”

True Yan’s expression was heavy as he took big strides through the door of the shrine.

“Your Majesty.”

“Your Majesty,:

The guards all bowed respectfully.

True Yan immediately rushed into the shrine, in the thrones within there were already 16 other Apeman, all their expressions changed as they saw True Yan enter.

“What’s the matter?” True Yan rushed in, his gaze sweeping past the 16, roaring, “The namelist for the Large alliance, how come there’s only one slot for my Kahon clan?”

“True Yan, you didn’t care about matters being in primal chaos city, this is something we and the other leaders discussed and decided on.” A 20m tall black fur Apeman’s voice rumbled, resounding across the entire hall.

“Rubbish!”

True Yan pointed at the huge Apeman before him, “Our sacred Apeman shrine has 18 leaders, now that the Sage doesn’t meddle in the affairs, everything is decided by the 18 of us. I am one of the leaders, usually I couldn’t care less, however don’t push things too far, if your King Kong clan can have 4 slots, why has my Kahon clan only been given 1?”

“True Yan…” That black Apeman roared.

“Shut up!” True Yan’s gaze swept past every one of them, “Just because I don’t usually bother with these affairs, don’t play me for a fool, if you are really unhappy, I don’t mind having a real match in reality, I’ll immediately seal all of you!”

The other 15 were stunned, yet they didn’t dare make a sound.

True Yan emperor was indeed an absolute warrior amongst the Apeman race, he was also a being closest to receiving the title knight, he normally didn’t care much about the Apeman matters.

“1 thing, I don’t wish to bully anyone, but don’t take me for a fool.” True Yan gazed at everyone, “If any such matter happens again, I won’t be discussing this in the virtual universe with you, but I’ll head straight to where you live. Hmph!” Finishing, True Yan turned and left.

Apeman, they were highly populated throughout the humanity of the universe, they could be seen anywhere.

But even the Apeman race was separated into tens of thousands of clans.

This Apeman sacred shrine was the upper echelon of all of them.

“This True Yan, actually bothers about such matters, isn’t he training in primal chaos city to become a knight?” A skinny Apeman leader with fiery red eyes sad softly.

“Looks like True Yan still keeps a watch on his Kahon clan.”

These leaders were helpless.


Chapter 472: 2nd Tier Company

Virtual universe Ganwu continent, Ping Hai company’s 86th level meeting room.

One side was the upper echelon of Ping Hai company, the other was the virtual universe company’s Ganwu division’s investment side upper echelon.

Xu Xin and Bo Te Lai exchanged documents, on it were their signatures.

“Pleasure doing business with you!”

“Pleasure doing business with you!”

Xu Xin smiled and stood up, lifting a wine glass, “After signing, we have to down our drinks in celebration, that’s a practice of earth, Mr Bo Te Lai, you should try our newest tea drink from Ping Hai Company.”

“Ah?” Bo Te Lai smiled and received it, “Down our drinks in celebration? That’s new.”

The 2 lifted their glasses and raised them together.

“Hmm, not bad at all, this bitter taste revolves in your mouth, really wonderful.” Bo Te Lai nodded, “I like the name tea too.” Bo Te Lai pronounced the word tea awkwardly.

Xu Xin smiled, “I like it too, because it can bring about great profits.”

“Yes, that’s is true.” Bo Te Lai’s eyebrows lifted.

With the universe technology, analyzing several tastes and flavors of earth wasn’t difficult, however any particular flavor they produced was specially protected in the virtual universe. Back then Xu Xin took many special flavors of earth and swiftly registered these flavors on a large scale, even if other companies managed to imitate them, they couldn’t copy them, or they would be fined heavily for the usage.

“The future of Ping Hai company will be up to you Mrs Luo.” Bo Te Lai said, “Otherwise, any failed business, I have to take responsibility for.”

“Rest assured.” Xu Xin smiled.

“Haha, Ping Hai company’s staff and management are exceptional, I can definitely rest assured.” Bo Te Lai smiled, “Then I’ll look forward…for the day Ping Hai company rises to become a 2nd tier company, hopefully in the next 1,000 years.”

“My aim is a 100 years.” Xu Xin smiled.

“Ah!”

Bo Te Lai’s eyes immediately gleamed, “Right, in a hundred years, the earlier the better.”

“Please Mr. Bo Te Lai, go take a rest, I’ve already prepared a banquet.” Xu Xin smiled, following which she arranged for people to lead the investment department of the virtual universe Ganwu division to rest.

Within the meeting room, only Xu xin and the short haired girl remained.

“Big Sister Xu, we’ve succeeded.” The short haired girl said excitedly.

“With a price of 10.2 times, allowing them 51% shares, it’s still ok.” Xu Xin smiled, “With this huge investment, our Ping Hai company’s overall capital has reached 32,882 mixed elements.”

……

Back when Luo Feng was awarded 1,000 mixed elements as reward, he gave 300 to his younger brother Luo Hua to invest and another 200 to Xu Xin!

However later on…

Xu Xin’s company, as the returns from storing the funds in the bank was simply too low, it was better for her to let Luo Hua invest it. Hence Luo Hua too entered the company…becoming a very important division, the investment department.

Back then the shares were divided this way.

Luo Feng had 50%, Luo Hua had 25% and Xu Xin had 25%, the capital of the company was a total of 600 mixed elements back then.

Luo Feng had been in the primal chaos city for 10 years, however in the real universe, over 30 years had passed.

These over 30 years, Xu Xin managed the company and Luo Hua was in charge of investments…over 30 years, their capital rose from close to 600 mixed elements to close to 3,000 mixed elements. While it seemed like a small increase, by just a few times, if placed on earth, the efficiency would simply be too little and not worth mentioning.

However in truth, such a return in the universe was already considered extremely high, as the higher the investment, the harder it was for returns!

The bigger the investment, the easier it was for it to attract huge powers and firms notice.

The moment they weren’t careful, they would make losses.

over 30 years, earning over 5 times in profits? That was hard!

Many Undyings with trillions of years of life spans, even getting 1 time in return for their investments was extremely difficult.

As there were many ancient beings in the virtual universe, with life spans in the trillions, along with the virtual universe system regulations…making it so that the currencies hardly ever inflated, imagine 1 mixed element of 1 hundred million years ago, after that period of time, its buying power had almost no change whatsoever!

This led to!

Large corporations investments finding it hard to make any money.

Even Ping Hai Company, relied on the swift expansion of the food and beverage chain along with investments to have such returns.

……

With the split in shares, the Ping Hai company had 49% of the shares, the virtual universe company took 51% of it. In truth…the main shareholders Luo Feng, Luo Hua and Xu Xin before had huge increases in wealth. Even though they had less shares now, the capital of the company had risen from close to 3,000 mixed elements to close to 33,000 mixed elements!

Luo Feng, Luo Hua and Xu Xin added together, immediately had over 16,000 mixed elements in shares!

“A flagship company of the virtual universe company is separated into 3rd tier, 2nd tier and 1st tier and finally special tier companies.” Xu Xin looked at the document in her hands, “Reaching a capital of 1,000 mixed elements puts one in the 3rd tier, breaking 100,000 puts one in the 2nd tier!”

“Breaking 10 million mixed elements puts one in the 1st tier.”

“Going past 1 billion puts one as a special tier.”

The business and martial departments were the 2 biggest departments of the virtual universe company.

“The manager of a 3rd tier is still considered an outside member.”

“The manager of a 2nd tier can become a Last Phase region core member.”

“1st tier manager equates to a Heaven and Ground member.”

“Special tier manager equates to an Absolute beginning member.”

Xu Xin looked at the document, her eyes gleaming.

“Our company’s capital is reaching 33,000 mix elements, it’s not far from the 100,000 mark. “Xu Xin said softly, “We’ll reach there in 60 years!”

“60 years?” The short haired lady beside her was shocked.

The higher the investment, the higher scale, the harder it was to earn, rising was hard too.

1 hundred million universe dollars, Luo Feng could easily raise it to 1 billion universe dollars.

However if it were 1 hundred million mixed elements, even if it was given to Luo Hua with a million to 10 million years, wanting to make it grow by ten times, that was simply a dream. If one could easily turn it to 1 billion mixed elements. The virtual universe company would immediately hire him as a VIP with protection, arranging for an undying to be his bodyguard!

Because!

This level of earning speed, was even more terrifying than an emperor undying!

Hence, little fights and squabbles do not bother them at all.

This earning ability was truly what the huge leviathans were competing for. Obviously the virtual universe company favored Ping Hai company more.

“Hm. 60 years.” Xu Xin nodded.

“60 years to rise to a 2nd tier company, that’s too hard.” The short haired lady shook her head.

“We’ll work hard.”

Xu Xin smiled, thinking within, “60 years here will be just the amount of time he’ll take to finish primal chaos city training, before he finishes, to be able to meet at Yu Xiang mountain…I guess his expression will be priceless.” Xu Xin’s eyes were filled with anticipation.

Primal chaos city.

“Right here!” Luo Feng walked until he reached the entrance of a mansion, at the time, there were many warriors there entering.

“True Yan is teaching today, I heard he’s explaining the 9 universe tablet’s 1st to 3rd picture.”

“Hm, even though I’m studying the 4th picture, there’s always benefits from listening to the basics.”

“Me too.”

“Sub sect leaders are indeed leaders.”

The sector lords and undyings all entered the mansion, Luo Feng followed. The scanner on the entrance scanned through Luo Feng without any resistance, obviously he had the passed the requirements to listen to the class.

Within the mansion.

It was a 10km long and wide plaza, there a few hundred warriors had already gathered to listen.

“There’s quite a lot of people.” Luo Feng sat in the corner.

“Young one, 1st time?” A bald old man laughed as he sat not far away from Luo Feng, from one look…he could tell this youth was only a universe level.

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Able to come attend the class at universe level, looks like you were chosen from the genius battle, and are probably among the top 2.” The old bald man laughed, at this time, over a thousand people had gathered in the plaza.

Rumble…

A formless pressure immediately engulfed the plaza, over a thousand warriors gathered there all went silent as a form of respect, a golden armored tall and sturdy apeman walked onto the plaza, every step he took flashed a few km, behind him tens of warriors followed.

“Teleportation, that’s teleportation.”

“True Yan’s teleportation has already reached an unbelievable level.” With hushed voices, discussions sprung all over, however the noise was still extremely low.

“Those following True Yan are his disciples, if we can take him as our master, that would be great.”

“That depends on your capability, without it, why would he accept you?”

Luo Feng held his breath and watched.

In the distance, True Yan sat cross legged, beside him were tens of disciples. As for the others incapable of becoming his disciples, the thousands of them could only come attend his classes.

“Today I will clearly explain the 9 universe tablet’s 3rd picture, this 3rd picture is the basic.” True Yan pointed into mid air and a complex engraving appeared, similar to the golden engraving on his armor, “This 1st picture, goes with the origin law this way…”

In mid air, the complex golden engravings revolved, almost like a mechanical wheel, infused with mysterious law energies.

“So mystical.” Luo Feng watched with his mouth wide open.

……

True Yan explained the class in detail, even his calculations were very clear, the group of warriors were still stunned however by the lesson.

According to each person’s comprehension, the feeling was different.

“Alright, today I’ll end here.” 3 days later, True Yan said indifferently.

“Thank you teacher!”

Over 1,000 warriors bowed respectfully.

At this time, a black haired youth walked out from the amidst the thousand, immediately walking ahead of the group, the group all turned to stare, filled with shock, “This punk wants to request True Yan as his teacher?”

Sitting right above, a smile appeared on True Yan’s face.

……

“This Luo Feng is really going with True Yan as his teacher!” In another mansion of primal chaos city, Blade Emperor who was quietly meditating shook his head, helpless.


Chapter 473: Training for 30 Years

Towards the sect leader True Yan emperor before him, Luo Feng was filled with gratitude.

“Back when I first came to primal chaos city, I was simply a small figure. True Yan’s one pointer allowed me to walk the most correct path. Maybe to him it was a casual pointer, but to me…it probably affected my next trillion years of training.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully, according to primal chaos city customs, with over a thousand other warriors looking at him, he shouted respectfully, “I earnestly request to become a disciple of yours.”

“I earnestly request to become a disciple of yours!” The sound resounded throughout the plaza.

Over 1,000 warriors all looked at True Yan emperor.

Will he accept?

“Haha…” True Yan emperor looked at Luo Feng and laughed carefreely, “From today, you’ll be a disciple of I, True Yan Emperor!”

Hua!

There was chaos below.

“Follow me.” True Yan stood up and took Luo Feng along with the rest of his disciples.

……

“What, True Yan really accepted Luo Feng as his disciple?” A handsome Gu Si Luo frowned, “Right now both Luo Feng and Bolan have sect leader Undyings as their teachers! And Rong Jun, he has a universe country leader as his teacher, they were already leading ahead, with a teacher giving help now, their improvement will be even more shocking!”

Gu Si Luo gritted his teeth, “I have to grasp my time and quickly pass the 3rd level, that way I can find a teacher!”

……

“Madman, he really cannot be undermined.” In the training grounds, covered in perspiration, Rong Jun said softly, “My opponent is not just Bolan, but Luo Feng as well!”

……

“Damn! True Yan really accepted him?” The Manka prince Wuka could only roar softly, then return to working hard.

……

The group of geniuses all felt the pressure, as actually succeeding in getting a sect leader as one’s teacher wasn’t easy.

Firstly!

One had to pass the 3rd level as a requirement, and normally from the 1,000 that come from the genius competition, the number that could actually pass the 3rd level within the 30 years in primal chaos city could be counted with one hand! From previous competitions… the number able to pass the 3rd level mostly stayed under 5. Even if there were more geniuses or exceptional geniuses in a batch, it never exceeded 10!

Even after passing the 3rd level, those undying sect leaders hardly ever accepted either.

These old weird things, mostly existed for over a trillion years.

It usually was a long while before they truly accepted a disciple.

As time flowed, these geniuses never let up for a moment, especially with a large amount of targets and goals to chase before them, these geniuses improved with shocking speed.

1 year, 2 years, 3 years, 4 years, 5 years…

In the 13th year after they arrived in primal chaos city, Rong Jun passed the 3rd level.

In the 19th year, Luo Feng passed the 4th level, and on that day Bolan too passed the 5th level! The 2 far exceeded everybody else. That day, it spurred Rong Jun and many others to give it a shot, however none succeeded.

In the 21st year, Wuka passed the 3rd level.

In the 25th year, Long Yun and Jia Lai Xi passed the 3rd level.

In the 28th year, Qian shui passed the 3rd level.

……

In the blink of an eye, 30 years had passed!

……

Within primal chaos city, True Yan Emperors mansion.

“Luo Feng, there’s only 10 days before you have to leave primal chaos city.” True Yan laughed as he looked at Luo Feng, “After leaving, if you meet any hard questions while training, you can ask me. As for other world matters, I hope you can settle them yourselves, unless you really meet something that you have no way to solve, come look for me, understood?”

“Yes teacher.”

Still dressed in a dark red armor, the black short haired youth stood there, even though compared to True Yan and the others he was skinny and small. However that suppressed fierce intrepid energy he emanated made hearts tremble.

Compared to 30 years ago when he first came, he was no longer as young and tender.

There was a fierce toughness!

It was one that stemmed from comprehending the universe origin laws, one that formed from melding that comprehension deep within one’s bones, a special aura.

“Hm.” True Yan nodded his head satisfied, he was extremely satisfied with this student.

“Go on!” True Yan smiled.

Luo Feng knelt down hard, causing True Yan Emperor to shake his head and laugh, “Stand up.”

“Thank you teacher for the 20 years of guidance.” Luo Feng remained kneeling, “Your disciple will not let you down.” Within, Luo Feng was filled with gratitude, this huge golden fur warrior that looked like a golden apeman…even though his position was extremely high, he was usually very sincere and close to his disciples.

20 years!

How long has Luo Feng been living?

Even though he was grateful towards his teacher Hu Yan Bo from the Yun Mo Planet, they never really interacted. However in Primal chaos city, he had been interacting with True Yan emperor for 20 years, that teacher student relationship had naturally become deep.

“Haha, won’t disappoint me?” True Yan rubbed the fur on his chin, laughing, “My first goal for you is to enter the primal secret region! The 2nd goal is to become an undying and getting the title emperor! Understood?”

“Yes!” Luo Feng answered firmly, resonating loudly.

“Haha…Over countless years, I’ve had close to a hundred disciples, yet only your 3rd senior has every truly immediately become undying and later becoming an emperor.” True Yan laughed, his eyes squinting, “Now it’s up to you.”

Luo Feng was very clear, his teacher had a total of 92 disciples, 23 had already fallen, and the number following him in primal chaos city was only 35.

Some had the title official.

Only 1 had become emperor, that was the 3rd senior, called Tie Jun, an absolute warrior from the Nakamon clan, he had become a disciple a very long time ago. His teacher had existed for over a trillion years, to be able to be called the 3rd senior, that was definitely one that he accepted in the previous hundred million years, currently this senior was the idol amongst the group of disciples.

Tie Jun, with his title Bloodthirsty Emperor.

In terms of reputation, he was even more prominent then his teacher True Yan, of course his teacher was a being close to a universe country leader, in terms of strength he was still stronger.

“Go on, go on.” True Yan smiled and waved his hand.

“Yes.”

Luo Feng got up to leave.

……

Walking out of his teacher’s mansion, he turned to look, feeling bittersweet within.

“The last time was leaving earth, this time it’s leaving my teacher.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“You are still young, when you’ve trained for 10 million years, you’ll get used to it.” In his mind Babatas voice resounded.

“Alright, “Luo Feng frowned, “Training for 10 million years is a thing for the future. Right now, I haven’t even lived for 100 years, there’s no need to talk about such far away matters.

Walking along the alley.

Luo Feng sighed.

“30 years!”

“In a flash, it’s over.” Luo Feng was happy within, “I’m already much stronger than when I came.”

His earth body, as he hadn’t been training it, remained at universe level 1. However the moment he leaves primal chaos city…he could use the life pool and easily reach universe level 9. As he didn’t have any bottleneck, he could easily breakthrough straight to domain lord.

The Mosha clan was the same level as the golden horned beast. Before coming to the primal universe, Luo Feng had already prepared a large amount of required metals for the domain lord level, hence it maintained its normal evolution speed.

A total of 30 years in primal chaos city.

A little more than 10 years ago, it broke through to domain lord level 1!

And domain lord level 1 to 3 required 150 years.

4 to 6 required 600 years.

7 to 9 required 3,600 years.

Domain lord level 9 breaking through to sector lord required about 5,000 years.

Using the optimum metal groups during the domain lord level could at most raise its evolution efficiency by 52 times, it had been 20 years in primal chaos city, meaning its normal evolution had been going on for over a thousand years! Hence…the current golden horned beast and Mosha clan had both reached domain lord level 6!”

“If I go to the life pool, and evolve to universe level 9, I have to stop there. If I breakthrough to domain lord…” Luo Feng thought, “That would be troublesome, in theory, the moment I’m domain lord level 1 I can rise straight to domain lord level 9. However I’m different from others, my growth is limited by the internal world.”

Since his internal world was domain lord level 6, then there was no bottleneck before then.

However if the internal world didn’t grow, his body’s soul had no way to grow at all.

“When the golden horned beast and Mosha clan both reach domain lord level 9. Then I’ll make my human body rise to domain lord level 9.” Luo Feng thought.

“In primal chaos city, my biggest improvement is in the comprehension of the origin laws.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

Studying the 9 universe tablet, plus the teachings of his teacher True Yan emperor, along with the study of floating blood, his improvement was indeed huge.

10 years ago, he had completely comprehended Floating Bloods 1st blade form.

The beginning was the toughest, with experience and his teacher’s pointers, what’s more the 108 blade forms were the most compatible with the raindrop pictures 9 blade forms, hence with 3 years of work, Luo Feng had comprehended the 2nd blade form and after another 3, finished the 3rd.

…The further he got, the higher the efficiency.

In the 28th year of being in primal chaos city, Luo Feng had comprehended the 9th blade form! At this point, the 9 universe tablet’s raindrop picture didn’t hold much mystery at all to Luo Feng anymore, he had completely comprehended it!

The 1st 9 forms were easy.

The middle 27 however were much harder, much less the final 72.

Now that it was about time to leave primal chaos city soon, Luo Feng hadn’t even comprehended the 10th blade form.

“Even though I haven’t finished the 10th, the 2nd Drizzle picture, I’ve had great improvements over these 3 years.” Luo Feng thought, “There’s another 10 days before I leave, before that I’ll try the heavenly bridge one more time and see if I can pass the 5th level! If I pass, I’ll get another chance to study the tablet! With that final study chance, I’ll be able to absorb it slowly after I leave.”

……

A large fish was flying in that unstable universe between the primal and actual universe.

Within this large fish.

“Sir knight, of the 1,000 geniuses from this batch, there are 816 still surviving.” Dressed in jasper armor was Jade emperor who was bowing, she continued, “Of which the most exceptional is Bolan, he’s already passed the 5th level currently. Next is Luo feng, he’s passed the 4th. The next 5 have all passed the 3rd level! The most shocking of the group is Luo Feng, in his 19th year, he already passed the 4th level, far exceeding the others, he is the closest to Bolan.”

The other 10 Undyings all reacted but remained respectful.

9 Blade Knight however, sat in the throne and listened, nodding, saying softly, “Bolan? Luo Feng?”

Rumble…

The ship continued advancing.

9 Blade Knight sat in the ship headed to primal chaos city, he was prepared to receive Luo Feng’s batch back in to the actual universe.


Chapter 474: Excitement

Ping Hai company’s 86th level meeting room.

“Big sister Xu, it should be fine right?” The short haired lady looked at Xu Xin.

“No problem.” Xu Xin sat calmly.

Luo Feng had been in primal chaos city for over 30 years, however in the actual universe, it had been over 100 years, it might seem like a long time, however in the vast universe, it was simply a little flash. Especially with the eternal body, Xu Xin’s appearance hasn’t changed at all over the hundred years, only her gaze and aura…it had obviously matured from before, just like light sharpening and shaping a gemstone, revealing her beauty.

“I don’t know if we can make it in time.” Xu Xin closed her eyes, muttering within, “Luo Feng is just about to leave primal chaos city, I hope we pass the inspection in a few days.”

“Pa! Pa! Pa!” Several knocks on the door.

“Come in.” Xu Xin opened her eyes, her gaze deep and wise, this was formed from managing a large corporation, for long periods of time, something that formed naturally over the course itself.

The door pushed open and a very formally dressed Bo Te Lai bureau chief, accompanied by a silver haired green eyed middle aged lady walked into the meeting room, followed by 8 other staff behind them.

“How’s the inspection?” Xu Xin smiled and stood up.

“Haha, I knew Mrs Luo wouldn’t let me down.” Bo Te Lai laughed loudly, beside him the middle aged lady also smiled, “Mrs Luo, according to our audit department’s inspection, your half year report is completely accurate, with a marginal error of only 0.01%.”

Xu Xin immediately grew excited.

“Big sister Xu, we’ve succeeded.” Beside, the short haired lady cheered excitedly.

“Congratulations, Mrs Luo!” The middle aged lady smiled and extended her arm, “Shaking hands is a formality of earth right?”

“Thank you, thank you.” Xu Xin fought hard to suppress her excitement as she shook her hand, however her eyes were already filling with tears of joy, her hard work was all for this day, finally… finally, they managed to reach it just in the nick of time.

“Mrs Luo.”

Bureau chief Bo Te Lai smiled, “According to the half year report, Ping Hai company’s current capital value is at 100,012 mixed elements, according to our levels given to the companies under the virtual universe company, Ping Hai company’s capital has already reached the 2nd tier level, hence…I will immediately request, within a day, for the changes within Ping Hai company, Mrs Luo, you too will be rewarded with the respective power.”

“Yes.” The silver haired green eyed lady nodded, “In a while, the main department will send people over to arrange matters for Mrs Luo to enter the core.”

“Congratulations, congrats.” Bureau chief Bo Te Lai laughed loudly, “Mrs Luo you’ve entered the core level as a last phase member, Mr. Luo is in the core absolute beginning region. Husband and wife have both entered the core of the virtual universe company, this is definitely a fairytale.”

Xu Xin could barely contain her excitement and joy.

“Thanks, my company has already prepared a banquet for everybody…” Xu Xin said.

“Mrs. Luo.” The silver haired green eyed lady shook her head and smiled, “I need to leave immediately to report the results back to the management, also request for your company’s rise in tier, hence I won’t be staying.”

“Yes, the change in tier of a company is extremely important, we do not dare to stay .” Bureau chief Bo Te Lai said too.

After a while.

The group from the virtual universe company left quickly, only Xu xin and her helper were left.

“Big sister Xu, Big sister Xu.” The short haired lady cheered excitedly, “We did it, we’ve succeeded, truly, we really did it before Mr Luo Feng returned, we’ve made the company huge, becoming a 2nd tier company. My god, this is simply unbelievable, too unbelievable!”

“Hm.” Xu Xin nodded, her face filled with excitement. “As long as we work hard, we can do anything.”

“We did it.”

“We really did it.” Xu Xin turned, looking out through the huge glass window, in it showed her reflection, compared to the time when the swallowing beast incident happened on earth, her appearance hadn’t changed at all, still as beautiful, her figure still slim, over the hundred years of change, she hardly ever got this excited anymore.

At this time however.

The lady reflected in that full sized window, was almost like a teenage girl falling in love for the first time, filled with excitement and anticipation.

“I don’t know, just what expression he will have when he meets me in Yu Xiang Mountain.” Xu Xin said softly, her eyes filled with anticipation.

……

When Luo Feng was in primal chaos city close to 20 years, 60 years had already passed in the actual universe.

Over 60 years, Xu Xin had turned the initial 30 thousand mixed elements from their merger into a huge corporation, over 60 years, raising it to over 100,000 mixed elements! There was Luo Hua’s work in it too, however Xu Xin as the main person in charge and had played a critical role.

Over 60 years, earning over 60,000 mixed elements!

This speed of profits, even the master of the Yun Mo Planet couldn’t compare. Of course the only reason Xu Xin was able to do such a thing…was because she had the initial capital to begin with. As Luo Feng had given large amounts of wealth to his younger brother and wife, making Ping Hai company’s initial formation already having a value of 600 mixed elements.

600 mixed elements!

It was comparable to a wealthy sector lord, even a poorer undying, this level of wealth, even the black dragon mountain empire emperor couldn’t fork out such a sum immediately.

The starting capital was huge!

Naturally the scale of their operations started big, if one began a new company with only one hundred million universe dollars (That’s considered extremely wealthy in the black dragon mountain empire), that little bit of capital could at most buy a few hundred life planets, however after ten million years of struggle, increasing their wealth by ten thousand times…that would only be 1 trillion universe dollars, simply 1 mixed element!

Hence the starting capital was very important.

Due to Luo Feng, Ping Hai’s starting capital was close to 600 mixed elements, and later due to Xu Xin’s leadership and skills, Luo Hua’s investment abilities…they grew on a very large but difficult scale, through this virtuous cycle, they attracted the virtual universe company’s investment, allowing their scale to take another huge jump and advance forward.

Finally!

A hundred years of time, Ping Hai company’s net capital finally exceeded 100,000 mixed elements, this was a huge sum that would make many Undyings hold their breaths.

Primal chaos city.

The energies revolved, Luo Feng sat crossed legged in his own training quarters balcony, on the other balconies too were warriors either standing or sitting, with a glance, tens of thousands of warriors were treasuring their time and looking at the skies, those visible origin laws almost like gears revolving, they glanced at them before returning to train.

And Luo Feng, even though it looked like he was studying.

In truth his consciousness had entered the virtual universe training grounds and was going through simulations.

“The 9 universe tablet secret room will open again tomorrow afternoon for another batch of warriors to enter.” Luo Feng had checked earlier, “Then I’ll go to the heavenly bridge again tomorrow, as for now…it’s my last chance to train, putting together everything I’ve learnt over these past years, raising the power of the Nan Shen Armament to its limit.”

Studying was very important.

Unleashing what one studied, was important too.

“Hm?”

On the balcony Luo Feng opened his eyes.

“Come meet me now!” A voice immediately resounded within his mind, “Come meet me now!” Come meet me now! Come meet me now!” The sound reverberated time again, causing the surviving 816 geniuses of the initial 1000 to stop their training.

“It’s the knight?” Luo Feng immediately rushed into the sky.

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

From the vast wastelands, from the different corners of primal chaos city, silhouettes rushed into the sky, a total of over 900 silhouettes headed towards the same direction.

In the skies of the city, a dark blue fish that was a 1,000 m long, almost like a strange beast waving its tail broke through the condensed primal chaos space and flew over, that powerful energy that made people submit emitted from within that blue fish ship.

Ka!

The cabin door opened and 10 silhouettes flew out, leading them was a green armored purple scaled man. The large fish that was floating in mid air immediately vanished.

At this time, Luo Feng and the rest of the 816 geniuses and close to 100 Undyings had already gathered in the air above, respectfully waiting.

“Greetings knight!” A group of Undyings bowed.

“Greetings knight!” Luo Feng and the vast group of geniuses too bowed respectfully in mid air.

“Hmph!”

A snort, just that sound alone fell like a heavy hammer on the group’s hearts, the green armored purple scaled man was like a god, coldly gazing down on the floating group, and the tens of thousands of warriors in primal chaos city could all feel that pressure, not daring to look at him.

“Terrifying.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but feel cold sweat bead down his forehead.

It was almost like!

Almost like an ant being stared at by a huge and powerful dragon.

“I didn’t expect the knight’s rage to be so terrifying.” Luo Feng held his breath.” Back then we first met the 9 blade knight in the virtual universe, maybe the virtual universe network could at most hold some of his consciousness, hence his pressure wasn’t that strong. When he came the last time, he controlled his aura too, I didn’t expect that simply letting it out a little…”

Silence.

Close to 100 Undying’s, and over 800 geniuses didn’t dare make a sound.

“Primal chaos city is the safest place we’ve arranged for you all.” The green armored purple scaled man stood in mid air, almost like a god, surveying the group below him, “And 1/5th of the 1,000 died here, it’s very disappointing!”

Silence.

In the air above the city, Luo Feng and the group could only listen obediently and not make a sound.

“There’s still 10 days before you have to leave primal chaos city.” The man said coldly, “When that happens, you’ll discover that it won’t be as safe as before, if you can lose 1/5th of the group in such a safe place like primal chaos city, then when you return to the actual universe, I fear that within a hundred years, only 500 of you will be left.”

“Hmph.”

“Grasp your final 10 days, whoever needs to try the heavenly bridge go ahead, whoever needs to study the tablets go ahead. When you leave primal chaos city…it’ll be a long time before you ever return here again.” The green armored purple scaled man waved his hand and ordered, “Go.”

“Yes!”

The large group replied.

With that the group dispersed and headed in all directions in the city. The pressure exerted by the knight was simply too much.


Chapter 475: Attempt!

The green robed purple scaled man took a stride and vanished immediately from the skies above primal chaos city, appearing in a desolate area’s huge mansion that was enormous but yet plain and simple.

This mansion had a completely black door.

“Haha, it’s rare a good friend pays me a visit.” With a laugh, the black door automatically opened, a 3 eyed old man dressed in what seemed like a sack cloth walked out, this old man was the guardian of the primal chaos tablets, the one that had 52 clones, Kandeli.

“It’s been awhile, hence I came to see you.” 9 blade knight was smiling.

The 2 walked side by side into the living room of the mansion, sitting facing each other, the 3 eyed old man smiled and poured some wine, “9 blade, you wouldn’t look for me here without a reason, speak, what’s the matter?”

“Haha, then I’ll be direct.”

9 blade knight smiled, “We just discovered a new universe secret area, from our calculations, it belongs to an extremely high level.”

“Ah?” The 3 eyed old man’s eyes gleamed.

Universe secret areas, they were naturally formed phenomenon that occur while the vast universe was changing. Through its normal change, stars and planets of the sorts were usually formed…however under special circumstances, mystical universe secret areas as big as the black dragon mountain starfield may appear.

The actual universe, was known as the most vast and ancient universe.

The secret areas within the universe secret areas have different levels of dangers, the treasures within too differed, however normally even the lousiest of new secret areas required at least sector lord level to explore.

“How high?” The 3 eyed old man asked curiously.

“Anything below knight, would most certainly die if they entered.” 9 blade knight smiled, “Those emperor knights, their chances of survival are extremely low.”

“Ah? Interesting!” The 3 eyed old man’s heart jumped.

Within the actual universe, there were very few things left that could harm an undying. A secret area that could make anything below a knight die as they go in, then this secret area must be terrifying… however the more terrifying it was, it also meant that it was easier to get universe treasures within, treasures that would excite even the knights.

“It’s been discovered not too long ago, we wouldn’t invite anyone we didn’t trust, I came personally this time to invite you.” 9 blade knight looked at the 3 eyed old man, “Kandeli, will you go?”

Kandeli hesitated.

“Anyway your clones can protect the primal chaos tablets. What’s more there’s the city leader here, there’s no danger here at all.” 9 blade shook his head, “And the primal universe is only a small universe that’s still evolving, not even 10 millionth of our actual universe! Our actual universe is the true center, it has been tens of thousands of eras since you’ve left, its time to go explore, there might be some huge discovery!”

The 3 eyed old man’s eyes gleamed.

“When you gather, inform me.” The 3 eyed old man looked at 9 blade knight.

“Haha, with you, we’ll have a much bigger guarantee.” 9 blade knight laughed.

Kandeli was an ancient being within the universe, his power was absolute, all the absolute warriors and races call him primal chaos city’s guardian, this name, resounded even more than 9 blade knight’s reputation.

And his cloning, was the move that gained the most reputation.

His cloning was simply splitting part of himself, to Undyings, producing a clone was simple, however Kandeli wasn’t the same, every clone he produced had about 60% strength of the original! Hence in times of danger, using them to explore and scout was the safest option. Even if a clone was destroyed, it didn’t affect Kandeli much.

……

Kandeli, 9 blade knight, these 2 absolute beings, chatted for awhile, suddenly 9 blade knight frowned.

“What’s the matter?” Kandeli frowned too.

“Small matter.” 9 blade smiled indifferently, “our newest batch of genius punks, the Rong Jun who was accepted as Yuan Chen country leader’s disciple just passed the 4th level of the heavenly bridge.”

“4th level? Not bad, not bad at all.” Kandeli complimented, “New batches from the genius competitions coming to primal chaos city, it’s extremely rare for any of them even pass the 4th.”

“Hm, plus Rong Jun, this batch already has 3! Bolan, Luo Feng and Rong Jun.” 9 blade knight revealed a smile.

“These 3 punks are very exceptional, they may eventually become your right and left arms.” Kandeli said.

9 blade laughed.

On a balcony of a training quarter.

“What!” Luo Feng who was originally sitting crossed legged with his eyes closed stood up and frowned, “Rong Jun passed the 4th level?:

Rong Jun had passed the 3rd level in the 13th year of coming to primal chaos city.

However.

Every 3 levels was a threshold, from the 3rd to 4th level was extremely difficult, whether it was Bolan or himself, they all took awhile before passing the 4th level.

“He’s passed the 4th, then right now!” Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with fighting spirit, “I’ll go try the 5th level now!”

Mental state and emotions too could affect one’s battle abilities.

Luo Feng was currently filled with fighting spirit, following which he immediately headed towards the heavenly bridge!

……

“Rong Jun passed the 4th level? Another 4th level?” The other geniuses almost simultaneously received the news.

……

Virtual universe heavenly bridge.

In the center of the beautiful island, silhouettes appeared.

“So many people.” The moment Luo Feng appeared, he saw in the surroundings there were already over 20 youths, and more were still appearing, obviously the over 800 geniuses all wanted to give it a shot before leaving primal chaos city, Rong Juns breakthrough had spurred everybody to come give it a shot.

“Luo Feng, there’s someone on the 9 universe bridge currently, you’ll be next.” The black robed watchman Bevin smiled.

“Wuka, the Huge Axe bridge has someone, you’ll be next.”

Watchman Bevin was arranging the order for everybody, some of them however could attempt straight away.

“Luo Feng, you are here to try?” Wuka stood beside Luo Feng muttering, “You are already leading by so much.

“Rong Jun has caught up too, I cannot relax.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Hm?” Luo Feng and Wuka spotted a silhouette that just appeared beside, still in the same white robe, carrying that blood blade.

Death god Bolan!

“He’s here too?” Luo Feng frowned.

That white robed youth spotted Luo Feng and nodded at him, saying softly, “Luo Feng…”

“Bolan!” Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with fighting spirit.

Around them over a hundred geniuses had already gathered, these geniuses all looked at Luo Feng and Bolan and discussed softly.

“The 2 have met again.”

“The last time Luo Feng passed the 4th level and Bolan passed the 5th. Will the 2 of them pass again today?”

“The heavenly bridge isn’t so easy.”

“However amongst our batch, the only one able to match up to Bolan is Luo Feng.”

……

Luo Feng and Bolan only glanced at each other without speaking, however within they were feeling competitive.

“Luo Feng, you can enter the 9 universe bridge.” Watchman Bevin said, “Bolan, the universe bridge has someone, you’ll be the one after the next person.”

Luo Feng glanced at Bolan and Bolan glanced back.

Sou!

Luo Feng became a beam of light and flew straight into the distant 9 universe bridge.

9 universe heavenly bridge, the first 3 levels were shrouded in mist.

The 4th and 5th levels were shrouded in squall, reaching the peak, the 5th level’s distance from the ocean was extremely high, one could only see the mad winds from the 4th level amidst the darkness, not even the ocean.

“5th level.”

Luo Feng stood on the bridge looking at the tornado ahead.

That continuous tornado let out a sound: “Choose fighter, controller, hypnotist, choose one, defeat your opponent and you can proceed to the 6th level.”

“Controller!” Luo Feng didn’t even hesitate.

“Chi Chi…”

From the tornado a silver armored silhouette swiftly flew out, wearing a silver mask, the skinny man stood on a dark cloud shuttle carrying a dark golden long rod. His weapons etc were still similar to Luo Feng’s.

“Coming to try the 5th level at universe level, you must be very confident.” The silver armored man sneered, “Take out all your strength, otherwise once I attack you won’t even be able to defend.”

“Arrogant punk.”

Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle coldly gazing at the silver armored man before the tornado.

Hu huh… the dark golden long rod behind him swiftly shot out gold beams of light that covered the sky, large amounts of little golden blades floated before Luo Feng, countless threads weaving through them, every little blade kept a small distance between each other, on each the complex engravings shot out more golden thread, a total of 1,600 little golden blades shooting out gold origin law infused golden threads that weaved and connected, swiftly forming together a blurry huge Totem pillar!

Nan Shen Armament’s 4th level… Optimum power!

The totem pillar floated before Luo feng.

“Only the 4th level?” The silver clothed man smiled coldly, “To be able to use the 4th level of the Nan Shen armament at universe level is very impressive, however, to pass the 5th level, that’s just a dream!”

Rumble!

While speaking, the golden long rod on his back was like a secret weapon shooting in all directions large amounts of golden light, in an instant almost like a glaring sun itself, countless golden light swiftly condensed, every 81 of them forming 1 golden blade, a total of 36 true golden blades that were 1 chi long, all floating before him.

Chi chi…36 golden blades fused together, large amounts of golden threads weaving and linking them.

A 3m long dark golden blade, almost like a true golden blade, one couldn’t even see any slits between, without careful examination, one couldn’t even see the golden threads in between. This huge blade floated before the silver armored man.

Nan Shen Armament’s 5th level…Space slicer!

“5th level?”Luo Feng thought, “So it’s that way, this 5th level opponent, uses the 5th level of the Nan Shen Armament, right now my grasp of the Drizzle picture and comprehension of the gold origin laws still cannot produce the 5th level of the Nan Shen Armament. However…”

“The 1st picture, the rain drop picture, I’ve completely seen through the 9 wonders, fusing the 9 into 1 body. My totem pillar…is much stronger than any other totem pillar!”

Luo Feng very clearly remembered.

Back when he first attempted the 1st level, his Heaven piercing blade was defeated by the opponents 3 blades into 1. This meant 1 thing…it didn’t mean that the higher the level, the higher the strength and power!

“Go and die!”

The silver armored man coldly gazed at Luo Feng.

Xiu!

The 3m long dark golden long blade immediately tore through the sky and became a gold blur.

“Rumble…” The totem pillar began to roll.


Chapter 476: Comprehension

“I’ll make you understand that the 5th level of the Nan Shen Armament isn’t necessarily stronger than the 4th!” Luo Feng thought within, standing on the dark cloud shuttle, the gold blur was already piercing towards him from the distance, Luo Feng however had long shot out what seemed like a golden energy ball that wrapped around the totem pillar.

Rumble…the totem pillar rolled and while it seemed slow, however in an instant it blocked the gold blur.

“He actually blocked it? Slice through it!” The silver armored man in the distance gazed coldly.

“Chi chi chi…”

The dark golden long blade was like lightning immediately piercing the totem pillar, with a loud clash, the surface of totem pillar shook violently, the spot where it sliced had broken golden threads, little golden blades began to float up.

“Rejoin.” With a thought, the floating little golden blades immediately re entered the totem pillar, the law infused golden threads weaved through them and the totem pillar was once again formed.

“What a powerful space slicer, indeed the 5th level.” Luo feng was shocked within, he didn’t just specialize in studying the space laws, his golden horned beast had never relaxed once on studying the gold origin laws, gold itself was an immovable and solid law, making the totem pillar extremely hard to destroy.

He didn’t expect the 1st clash alone to actually cause the totem pillar to partially crumble.

“Haha…” The distant silver armored man’s eyes were filled with disdain, laughing loudly, “Punk, trying to attempt the 5th level at universe level, stop dreaming! Go back and train for another 1,000 years.”

Xiu!

The dark golden long blade once again pierced through the sky.

Luo Feng’s expression grew cold, “9 thread loop!”

Rumble…the totem pillar rolled in mid air, almost like a giant grabbing the totem pillar and swinging it forward, the totem pillar once again clashed against the golden blade that tried to dodge it, with a loud clash, the golden blur was knocked back and the totem pillar only slightly shaken.

“Hm?” The silver armored man’s expression changed, “He blocked it again?”

Xiu!

The dark golden long blade once again became a blur and the space around it began to shake, with a blur, it pierced towards Luo Feng again.

“Rumble!” The totem pillar in mid air left an image in mid air and once again ‘slowly’ rolled to right before the extremely quick long blade and clashing again.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The dark golden long blade became a golden blur and just like a fish in space, time and again pierced towards Luo Feng, the totem pillar however strangely enough seemed slow but managed to block the blade over and over again. Every clash didn’t even make the totem pillar crumble.

“How can it be so quick?” The silver armored man frowned.

“My 4th level is different from that opponent in the heavenly bridge level 4’s Nan Shen Armament 4th level.” Luo Feng revealed a smile, thinking within.

Right!

This was his trump card for the 5th level…9 thread loop!

Rain drop picture, after seeing through it completely and understanding the 9 blade forms, every blade form represented a wonder of the essence itself…able to make a weapon follow the optimum ripple thread movement to attack, however as the space ripples were complex, with different and various kinds of ripples, it was like the undercurrent of the ocean, Luo Feng was still unable to use all of it.

Only meeting a suitable undercurrent, was he able to make his speed reach unbelievable speeds.

And the 9 wonders that Luo Feng had comprehended, were considered amongst the space laws the most superficial and basic 9.

Hence in any space, there would be at least 1 of them, allowing Luo Feng to rely on these 9…making his totem pillar reach shocking speeds.

Also!

With these properties, Luo Feng using the 9 thread flow from the 10,000 thread, fusing into 1…creating, from his point of view, a perfect way to control, the 9 thread loop!

“With myself as the center, within a 500m diameter area, this is my 9 thread loop’s absolute control area!” Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle and fiercely rushed towards the distant silver armored man, “Yes, absolute control!”

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The totem pillar immediately became 9 totem pillars, within that 500m ball like area, time and again blocking the golden long blade.

“Go and die!” Luo Feng controlled the totem pillar on one end while swiftly heading towards the 2, closing their distance, dragging him into his own absolute area, as long as he entered within he could easily use the totem pillar to kill his opponent!

“Hm?” The silver armored man’s expression changed, immediately stepping on the dark cloud shuttle, hu, 1,000 images appeared in mid air, fleeing far away.

“I admit you are very strong, but to beat me? You must be dreaming!” The silver armored man communicated via genetic energy, the distant fleeing silver armored man was raging, roaring at the not too distant totem pillar of Luo Feng’s, “Break!!!”

Immediately the extremely fast and unpredictable golden blade that was trying time and again to dodge the totem pillar didn’t dodge anymore, it instead chose to destroy the totem pillar itself!

“Rumble!” The golden blade became a beam of golden light and madly clashed against the totem pillar, smashing the surface violently, immediately a large amount of the golden threads were broken from the surface, the little golden blades floated, this made the originally very confident Luo Feng change in his expression, “Not good!”

The golden long blade didn’t stop at all, once again clashing hard into the totem pillar, causing Luo Feng who was controlling through spirit energy to go pale, this 2nd fierce attack had made his expression go ugly.

This was troublesome.

The Nan Shen Armament’s 5th level, space slicer, its power was much stronger than what he expected!

Originally, he thought he could rely on the 9 thread loop and drag his opponent into his 500m absolute area, once that happens he could swiftly control the totem pillar to destroy his opponent! As long as the opponent was within his area, the totem pillar’s speed exceeded that of the golden long blade.

However!

The Nan Shen Armament’s 5th level space slicer, the long blade that was formed had 2 properties, one was its speed and the 2nd was its strength.

Initially the silver armored man wanted to use the long blade to dodge past the totem pillar and kill Luo Feng, hence in terms of control, he was focusing more on the speed, however since Luo Feng unleashed the 9 thread loop and made the speed of his totem pillar within the 500m area extremely fast, blocking the long blade easily time and again, his speed fell behind.

The 1st property speed was ineffective, however it still had its 2nd!

The 5th level, why was it called space slicer!

Luo Feng finally understood!

“Chi!”

Just like a beam of light shooting over, Luo Feng didn’t dare not block it, if he hadn’t, that long blade would have easily sliced right through his head!

“Rumble! That golden blade pierced straight into the totem pillar, Luo Feng felt his consciousness shake hard, the entire totem pillar’s surface which was struck almost crumbled totally, Luo Feng could only madly use his spirit energy to reform it.

“What strong consciousness, I’ll see how many times you can block!” The silver armored man roared.

If his consciousness wasn’t strong, with one clash the totem pillar would have crumbled.

The golden horned beast was currently domain lord level 6, hence in truth Luo feng’s consciousness was…the domain lord level 6 golden horned beast’s, naturally it was strong. Otherwise, he couldn’t even receive 3 attacks!

“Not good, just 3 fierce attacks have used up close to 30% of my spirit energy, and my mental spirit is fatigued.” Luo Feng was pale, staring hard at the opponent before him.

“Rumble!”

4th time!

“Rumble!”

5th time!

Luo Feng’s lips were pale, staring hard at his opponent, reforming the totem pillar time and again as it almost fully crumbles.

“I don’t believe you can keep blocking, even if your consciousness can withstand it, I don’t believe your spirit energy won’t wear out!” The silver armored man roared, “Go again!”

“Rumble!” 6th time!

The totem pillar was once again knocked until two thirds of it almost fully crumbled, Luo Feng’s entire consciousness entered a state of half blur, as he had used his full strength to control the pillar, requiring a large amount of spirit energy to maintain its form, and spirit energy is linked to ones consciousness, every clash was a hit on his consciousness itself.

“Reform!” Luo Feng grit his teeth, his spirit couldn’t accept defeat, reforming the totem pillar yet again.

“Gather!”

Large amounts of spirit energy almost like countless little hands grabbed the scattered over 1,000 little golden blades, according to space and golden laws, once again mystically gathering and forming the totem pillar, each of the blades formed together through the law infused golden threads…

“Not right!”

While reforming the totem pillar, in a blurred state of mind, Luo Feng’s mind recalled the 9 universe tablet’s raindrop picture, this picture had a total of 9 drops, according to theory, Luo Feng had long completely comprehended this picture, understanding its essence.

However at this time…

“It’s this way, it’s this way.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleam brighter and brighter.

“Totem pillar!”

Luo Feng’s energy soared, quickly completing the reforming of the totem pillar.

“Go and die!” Luo Feng pointed at the silver armored man, the totem pillar began to roll, the surrounding space was almost like flatbread being rolled, “Peng!” The distant dark golden long blade once again pierced over, however as it drew close it’s speed seemed to strangely decrease, when it finally clashed, it had already lost a great deal of its original power.

“How can this be?” The distant silver armored man was filled with shock.

Rumble!

The almost undamaged totem pillar seemed slow in its roll, immediately flashing and appearing before his face, Pu Chi!: Almost like crushing an ant, immediately rolling over him leaving nothing but minced meat.

On the dark cloud shuttle in mid air, the pale Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with light, muttering, “Yes, before when I comprehended the raindrop picture’s 9 drops, I however…didn’t comprehended the entire picture.” Luo Feng looked at the space before him, almost as though he was looking at 9 types of space ripples flowing together and separating, resonating with the 9 drop picture, it was pleasing.

5th level!

Successful!


Chapter 477: Basics

“It’s no wonder that when I went to study the 9 universe tablet and saw the raindrop picture, I always felt it was perfect, but I didn’t realize then…I finally get it now!” Luo Feng became a beam of light and headed towards the 6th level of the bridge. However, he could feel the incredible rush of adrenaline within him.

“So, the 9 drops of the raindrop picture, through their interaction and relationship, they can perfectly form 1 true body.” Luo Feng was incredibly happy. Floating blood was a manual that dissected the 108 wonders. However in truth, the 9 universe tablet was still something left behind by some absolute ancient being from before.

That being, would he carve out a raindrop picture that was that simple?

“Just like an octopus’s tentacles…affecting space.” Luo Feng muttered.

It was too wonderful.

When he unleashed the totem pillar earlier, it originally had kept all of the blade domain within, as it rolled forward to smash the enemy. Hence the name Optimum power. And with Luo Feng’s comprehension of the raindrop picture as not being solitary, but having interweaving relationships and interaction to form 1 perfect body, the totem pillar …seemed to extend 9 formless arms in the surrounding space, affecting the surrounding space itself.

Hence!

The opponent’s dark golden long blade was pressured by the surrounding space so much, that it slowed down, and the totem pillar brutally smashed the enemy!

“If one said that while comprehending the 9 wonders in the past, I was simply using the universe space ripples to make my attacks faster. Then now!” Luo Feng thought, “With the 9 as one, I’ve reached a level through which I can actually affect the space itself.”

A fish swimming within the ocean.

And Luo Feng was this fish, in the space which was the ocean, could affect the ocean itself to pressure the enemy.

From flowing in space to affecting it, it was an impressive step.

Of course…

Compared to those who could easily slice through space or warp it, or even other methods which could completely morph the space coordinates etc, Luo Feng was still far from those! However his comprehension now exceeded even some sector lords.

Luo Feng attempted the 6th level just for the sake of trying. The 5th itself was extremely difficult. Hence, he deduced that he was still far from the 6th level. However, attempting it would give him an estimate.

The 6th level opponent still used the Nan Shen Armament’s 5th level, Space slicer.

“Pu Chi!”

One slash brushed past Luo Feng’s totem pillar, straight through Luo Feng’s head.

Luo Feng’s attempt at the 6th level lead to a failure! An extremely straightforward failure!

“According to the floating blood manual, I have to completely comprehend the 2nd picture to a passing level before I can pass the 6th level. I’ve already reached the peak of comprehension for the raindrop picture. As for the 2nd drizzling picture, I’ve only just begun. To pass the 5th level is already my limit.” Through his failure, Luo Feng understood.

A solid foundation was extremely important.

However the level of comprehension itself was also very important. The 2nd picture was much more profound than the 1st, its power was also much stronger!

Heavenly bridge, in the center of the bridge, over 300 geniuses were waiting for their turn to attempt it.

“Bolan, you can enter!” Watchman Bevin stood in the distance and said.

The white clothed youth immediately rushed towards the bridge.

“Informing everyone, just now, Luo Feng had passed the 5th level!” Watchman Bevin shouted loudly. The originally bustling over 300 geniuses went silent, especially the members of the heaven and ground, absolute beginning and primal region. They were all filled with shock.

“5th level?” The white clothed Bolan who was rushing towards the bridge stopped suddenly.

“5th level?” Bolan’s eyes gleamed, “Then, I definitely have to pass this 6th level, definitely!”

Sou!

Bolan accelerated and flew straight for the Universe bridge.

“Luo Feng passed the 5th level?”

“How is it so easy for him to pass it? According to the previous batches of genius competitions, even the most exceptional ones only passed the 4th level in the 30 years.”

“The higher it goes the harder it gets. Passing the 5th level is extremely difficult, how did he even pass it? He’s even caught up to Bolan already.”

“Bolan too is only on the 5th level!”

“Mad, mad, that Luo Feng is too mad.”

……

This group of geniuses, along with some that returned their consciousness to primal chaos city were all stunned.

“I just passed the 4th level. Luo Feng, you passed the 5th already?” Rong Jun gripped his Earth splitting blade while his eyes were raging.

“It’s good that you know you are falling behind. As for this Huge Axe tablet’s 2nd form, I’ll demonstrate it to you one more time.” Beside him a silhouette said slowly, causing the space around to reverberate.

“Yes teacher.” Rong Jun said respectfully.

Primal chaos city, within True Yan’s mansion.

True Yan emperor, Tong Nan Emperor and Jade emperor all sat about casually and chatted, very happy.

“Hm?” True Yan revealed an expression of glee.

“Congrats, congrats.” Jade smiled and looked at True Yan, “True Yan, you’ve accepted an exceptional student.”

“Haha…” True Yan laughed loudly.

“What?” Tong Nan was suspicious suddenly.

“A while ago, True Yan’s newest student just passed the heavenly bridge’s 5th level.” Jade smiled. Jade was the informant and collector of data for this batch of geniuses. Hence, she had naturally ordered Watchman Bevin early on to inform her whenever anyone from that batch passed a level. As for True Yan, he had done the same earlier.

“5th level?” Tong Nan put down the wine glass, smiling and clapping, “Rare, truly rare indeed. The last batch of virtual universe 1,000 geniuses most exceptional one had only passed the 4th level in his 30 years.”

“Hm.”

Jade smiled and nodded, “Of the most recent 1,000 batches of virtual universe geniuses, including 1,000 batches from before, 4,168 passed the 3rd level in the first 30 years!”

“926 passed the 4th!”

“32 passed the 5th!”

“No one has passed the 6th!”

The Virtual Universe Company organized a competition every 10,000 years. From every batch, those that passed the 3rd level could be counted with one hand. On average only one passed the 4th! If the standard for that year was lower, no one would even pass the 4th. If it was higher, maybe 2 or 3 would pass the 4th.

As for Luo Feng’s batch!

Bolan, Luo Feng and Rong Jun, the 3 of them had passed the 4th!

“On average, it takes about 30 competitions for one genius to pass the 5th.” Jade smiled at True Yan. “And these absolute geniuses don’t necessarily choose the 9 universe tablet, this Luo Feng is truly a rare seedling for your 9 universe sect in 10 million years.”

“Haha…” True Yan laughed loudly.

“Hm, I will pass this information to the knight.” Jade immediately informed him. She didn’t go personally this time, because 9 blade and guardian Kandeli were discussing important matters.

……

Primal chaos tablet’s guardian Kandelis mansion.

The two absolute beings were chatting.

“Hm?”

“Good news?”

“Hm, Luo Feng passed the 5th level.”

“Luo Feng? I thought that within your Virtual Universe Company’s group of punks, the most exceptional was Bolan. His comprehension of the space laws is extremely high! Many sector lords can’t even compare to him. In these 30 years, he has been spending his time studying the time laws. Who would have thought…this Luo Feng is just as exceptional!”

“We just received the news, Bolan passed the 6th level!”

“No surprise there. This Bolan is a rare genius in 10 million years. Over these past 10 million years, there hasn’t been anyone from your Virtual Universe Company’s new batches to pass the 6th level, its time one appeared. The one that surprises me is Luo Feng, in terms of improvement speed, these 30 years, his improvement is even bigger than Bolan’s!”

“Kandeli, you like Luo Feng?”

“Right!”

“Kandeli, Luo Feng is not bad, but I still prefer Bolan. The Universe tablet, reaching the 6th level is not easy, it could be said to be the hardest tablet of all.”

“9 blade, diversity cannot compare to specializing. Being too ambitious is not good, to simultaneously control both time and space, how difficult is that? Even you and I can’t do that, much less that Bolan. However this Luo Feng is more grounded. I just got the footage from Watchman Bevin…wow! Luo Feng only used the Nan Shen Armament’s 4th level to pass the 5th level. Hehe, his foundation is very solid. I didn’t care too much about him before, but I’m liking this punk more and more.”

“Nan Shen Armament 4th level? Let me see the footage…solid, what a solid foundation! Kandeli, you speak right, this Luo Feng…will be a shocking existence in the future.”

“Haha…”

Luo Feng couldn’t hear the two absolute beings speaking. However, he received mail from watchman Bevin…Bolan passed the 6th level!

“He actually passed the 6th level?”

On his balcony, Luo Feng felt a surge of emotions.

“What’s there to be shocked about? Luo Feng, right now you can at most unleash a few hundred images when you move. During the genius competition before, Bolan could already produce over a 1,000.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind. “If Bolan had chose to focus only on space, he would have passed the 6th level much earlier. He however chose the Universe tablet, because he was slowed down by the time laws, hence he only passed the 6th today.”

“Right.” Luo Feng nodded.

Back during the genius competition, he could only unleash 9 images. Bolan however could easily produce over a 1,000.

The starting line for him was far behind Bolan’s.

“At least now I’ve closed the distance between us.” Luo Feng thought.

……

The 2nd day afternoon.

Luo Feng came to the primal chaos city leader’s mansion, within that secret training room passage.

“Lord Kandeli.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully at the 3 eyed old man guardian.

“Hm.” The 3 eyed old man smiled and nodded, “Wait a moment, the batch inside will be coming out soon.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded, but felt curious within. He felt as though this guardian of the tablets was different. He seemed closer than before.

After a while.

The 6 studying within came out.

“Go on in.” The 3 eyed old man smiled. “Work hard. After this study, it’ll be quite a while before you return to primal chaos city. You should be studying the 2nd and 3rd picture of the 9 universe tablet now. The remaining 6, you have no need to study them now.”

“Yes!” Luo Feng nodded.

Following which he rushed into the room and ordered Babata, “Babata, close all contact from the virtual universe, reject any requests, mail etc, I cannot be interrupted during these 7 days of study.”

“Understood. For this sort of thing, I don’t even need you to order me to do it.”

……

Entering the room, standing before that huge tablet shrouded in primal chaos energies, Luo Feng began his last study of the tablet before he had to leave.


Chapter 478: Meeting on Yu Xiang Mountain

Ganwu continent, Ping Hai company’s 89th level, Xu Xin’s office.

“Your Majesty Xu Xin, congratulations. From now on, you’ll officially be a core member of the Virtual Universe Company.” A tall and skinny silver eyed old man in a simple white robe smiled. “You have living quarters in the Last Phase region of Yu Xian mountain in the virtual universe, and also one on the Last Phase regions secret region. You can choose to actually head over there.”

“Last Phase secret area? Where is that?” Xu Xin asked curiously.

“Very far.”

The white robed old man smiled. “The company can arrange for a universe ship to pick you up. You’ll have to fly for a few years in the dark universe.”

“Is it close to the absolute beginning region?” Xu Xin asked.

“No.” The white robed old man shook his head. “The 4 secret regions were born in the vast universe a very very long time ago. They are very far from each other. The last phase region and the absolute beginning region are in different star sectors.”

“Star sector?” Xu Xin was disappointed.

Star sector, was considered the largest denominator within the universe.

1 star sector was normally the size of an entire universe country! That was an extremely huge territory.

If the absolute beginning was close to the last phase region, then Xu Xin was actually considering going there. This way, she could meet with her husband in reality.

“Your majesty Xu Xin, you are a member of the business side. You have to no need to head to the distant Last phase region.” The white robed old man smiled. “The universe secret region environment is helpful only for warriors. Almost all of the business members stay within their homes. Of course, should you wish to go, we can send a request.”

“No need.” Xu Xin shook her head.

“Everything has already been relayed. Your majesty Xu Xin, I’ll leave first.” The tall and skinny old man bowed and left.

Only Xu Xin was left in the office.

Looking at the documents on the tablet, Xu Xin’s eyes were filled with excitement.

“Pa! Pa! Pa!” three knocks were heard on the door.

“Enter.” Xu Xin shouted.

“Big sister Xu, Big sister Xu.” The short haired lady ran in shouting. “Did the entering of the core member request go through?”

“Hm.” Xu Xin was filled with glee, nodding.

“That’s great.” The short haired lady cheered excitedly. “Big sister Xu, you’ve finally succeeded.”

“Hm, Ah Lan, thanks for your many years of support.” Xu Xin was filled with gratitude as she looked at this good sister of hers. The lady who was beside her was a good partner of hers when she started her own business on earth. These past many years, the two of them were considered a gold combination, and this sister of hers Dong Lan had enjoyed many benefits due to Xu Xin too. For example, over these 100 years, Dong Lan’s appearance had hardly changed too.

“Why say such things, quickly go inform that guy.” The short haired lady teased and smiled.

“Hm.”

Xu Xin took a deep breath.

How long has it been…

How long has she fought for this day…

“Request call.” Xu Xin sent a request to Luo Feng. It was however cut off the moment it was dialed.

“Hm?”

“The request was denied?” Xu Xin was shocked. “This doesn’t seem right. There should be about 7 days before he leaves Primal chaos city. There shouldn’t be any important things going on these last days.”

“What’s wrong Big sister Xu?” The short haired lady asked curiously.

“I can’t seem to connect.” Xu Xin shook her head.

Primal chaos city.

Luo Feng walked out from the leader’s residence. Many images of the 9 universe tablet floated in his mind, different levels of comprehension were occurring throughout.

“I have to treasure my time. There are only 2 more days before I leave primal chaos city.” Luo Feng became a beam of light and headed towards his training quarters, “I have a large amount of things to digest from my study of the tablet. Things to make my own. Looking at the origin laws in the sky will help my study.”

Sou!

Luo Feng landed on his own balcony. He sat crossed legged and closed his eyes to recap on the past 7 days of studying the 9 universe tablet, occasionally looking at the sky, observing the splits in space flowing and weaving with origin laws, interweaving, happening throughout.

1 day, 2 days…

“Time to leave!” A voice suddenly resounded within Luo Feng’s mind.

“Hm?” Luo Feng awoke shocked. In the distance he spotted a large outline of a dark blue fish shaped ship floating in the air above primal chaos city, as many silhouettes were rushing towards the sky.

“Time to go?” Luo Feng immediately flew up too.

About 800 people flew towards the ship from within the city.

While heading towards the universe ship, Luo Feng looked down at the ancient city shrouded in chaos energy, “Teacher!”

“When you go out, it’ll be hundreds to thousands more times more dangerous than primal chaos city. Be careful, don’t throw the face of True Yan.” A voice pierced through 10,000 Li right into Luo Feng’s ears.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

After interacting for 20 years with his teacher, their relationship was definitely deep.

……

Silhouettes followed the stomach cabin door of the fish and flew into the ship.

Within the resting room of the ship.

816 youths entered in and were chatting comfortably with each other.

“Luo Feng, you are vicious. And you too Rong Jun.” The Manka prince Wuka was unsatisfied. “The two of you, one passed the 5th level and the other the 4th. You’ve left me far behind, it’s too, too… heartbreaking!”

“Since you know the difference, then work harder.” Luo Feng patted his shoulder.

Wuka was shocked.

“Hm, you do need to work harder.” Rong Jun walked over too and patted his shoulder.

“Damn you two punks! Bastards, I’m already this heartbroken and you don’t even console me.” Wuka snorted back at them. Luo Feng and Rong Jun both laughed. While Luo Feng, Rong Jun and Wuka were teasing and laughing, the others returned to their old cliques, forming groups of 3 to 5 and chatting.

However there were still some loners who didn’t interact with others.

Like that white robed youth with the blood blade on his back, who was always alone in the corner and not interacting with anybody.

“Rumble…”

With that, a green armored silhouette entered the large hall. That heart palpitating aura made everyone go silent, not daring to make a sound.

“Primal chaos city’s basic training for 30 years has ended.” 9 blade knight’s gaze swept past the 816 youths before him. All of them immediately looked down, not daring to make eye contact. “Your group’s death rate was pretty bad. However, in terms of results it’s considered very exceptional. Especially Bolan, Luo Feng and Rong Jun. These three, not bad at all.”

Immediately there was some movement amongst the group of youths as many of them turned to look at the mentioned three.

Bolan had passed the 6th level! His initial lead was too much, everybody had gone numb to it.

Luo Feng passed the 5th level!

Rong Jun passed the 4th!

Amongst these three, everybody was already numb to Bolan.

Towards Rong Jun, they felt envy, envying that he had a universe country leader as a teacher.

Towards Luo Feng however, they felt shock and respect. Even without a universe country leader as a teacher, he actually passed the 5th level and improved at such a shocking rate!

“Hm?” Luo Feng turned to look, the white robed youth Bolan was looking over.

The two of them made eye contact.

Bolan nodded.

Luo Feng nodded too.

These two had deemed each other as rivals. Luo Feng’s aim was to catch up and exceed him. While Bolan’s was to improve at a shocking rate and leave him far behind.

At this time…

“Luo Feng?” In the corner of the group, Long Yun looked at the distant Luo Feng. “The distance between us is getting bigger, I’m a primal region member!!!”

……

Experiencing that uncomfortable shift through time again, the universe ship finally arrives in the actual universe.

“We’ve already left the primal universe.” The green robed purple scaled man looked at the group of youths before him. “This represents that your training in the safest primal chaos city has ended! From now on you will be divided into 4 groups to be sent back to the primal region, the absolute beginning region, the heaven and ground region and the last phase region.”

“It won’t be as safe and secure as primal chaos city in the future. I wish you all the best of luck. Hopefully, when the next time I see you all, there’s still at least 500 alive.” The green robed purple scaled man finished.

Rumble…

The universe ship slowed down and after a while, the cabin door opened.

Luo Feng and the group flew out of the ship, with glances spotting the distant mountain ranges, with many ships flying about, silhouettes flashing past the skies and many stars and heavenly bodies above.

“We’ve arrived at the virtual universe headquarters.” Luo Feng flew out and descended. “Right, Babata, open connections to the network.”

“Understood.”

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang Mountain Absolute beginning villa 1106.

Within the study.

“There’s actually 111 requests from Xu Xin?” Luo Feng appeared within the study and opened his laptop, “This urgent, did something important happen?”

Di!

From the laptop, he quickly connected through the call requests and on the screen Xu Xin’s image appeared.

“You called so many times, what’s so important?” Luo Feng asked nervously.

“It’s a very important matter.” On the screen, Xu Xin replied.

“What’s the matter?” Luo Feng asked again.

“Head to Yu Xiang mountain’s common region’s Wan Yu tower to meet someone.” Xu Xin said.

“Yu Xiang mountain’s common region?” Luo Feng was suspicious, anybody he meets in Yu Xiang Mountain would all have to be at least core members, and the number of core members he knew weren’t too many. Which core member would request an audience with him through his wife? There’s no such person!

“Who is it?” Luo Feng was filled with questions.

“Go and you’ll know.” Xu Xin said, “Hurry, it’s very important.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng grew even more suspicious.

……

Luo Feng walked through the entrance of the absolute beginning region and became a beam of light heading towards the common region.

“She actually knows the common region has a Wan Yu tower? And to request to meet me in the common region, just who is this person?” Luo Feng thought. “Even in the entire Black Dragon Mountain starfield, there aren’t too many core members.”

The more Luo Feng thought, the more suspicious he got…

Common region, it was very luxurious.

As the only common gathering point between all of the 4 region’s core members, one must know that anyone who could become a core member must be extremely wealthy. Hence, the businesses here were bustling and advanced.

“Wan Yu Tower.”

“Wan Yu Tower.” Luo Feng glanced at the distant 9 level black tower’s name. This tower was surrounded by many rare types of plants and flowers, causing the air about to emanate fragrance. Luo Feng landed amongst the crowd and walked towards Wan Yu Tower.

“Just who is it?”

Luo Feng sniffed the flowers and walked towards the entrance, suddenly stopping.

In the distance…

At the entrance of Wan Yu tower, beside the beautiful flowers stood a pretty silhouette, she was looking at him.

The two of them faced each other at the entrance of Wan Yu tower.


Chapter 479: Absolute Beginning

Yu Xiang Mountain common region, Wan Yu tower’s 9th level.

Sitting beside the railing, with a glance one could see the distant mountains and spring water.

“Then the Virtual Universe Company, seeing how well the Ping Hai company was doing with it’s great growth and its huge scale, hence they bought the firm. Also, back then they were prepared to offer only 6 times…” Xu Xin sat at the other end of the table, explaining to Luo Feng how she became a core member of the Virtual Universe Company.

“Our company’s capital increased 10 fold in a short while…”

“That was very dangerous back then. Luckily your younger brother Luo Hua got his people to help circulate the funds.”

“…finally before you left primal chaos city, we reached the goal…”

Luo Feng sat there and stared at his wife as she spoke. He had mixed feelings within, he felt incredibly moved from the depths of his heart. He truly never really expected his strong business minded wife of his, to work so hard. All for the sake of standing beside him, to be closer to him.

“Geniuses will make others feel the pressure.” Babata’s voice resounded in his mind. “When they are with other geniuses, they will only see themselves get left further and further behind. No matter how much harder they work, the distance will only grow. Hence…the friends of geniuses, are mostly all geniuses!”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Right!

His high school friends from when he was young, just how many of them does he actually keep in touch with now? Even his childhood friend who grew up with him, someone as close as a brother Mei Wen, he only occasionally meets with him in the virtual universe. Even when it comes to his relatives, he only sees them occasionally. However Rong Jun, Wuka etc, he meets much more often.

“Watching her own husband make it in the universe, with his status rising further. Your wife naturally felt happy and proud. However, you were leaving her further and further behind, even to the point of meeting her only once in ten years! What kind of impact will that have on your wife?”

“Hence!”

“Your wife wanted to get closer to you, stand by your side, and not get left behind!” Babata exclaimed.

……

Babata’s voice resounded in his mind. Looking at his wife before him who was still speaking, “Just like that, I became a core member of the Virtual Universe Company. I am capable right?” Xu Xin shifted her nose and raised her head proudly, following which she looked embarrassed at Luo Feng. “The company’s buy over and so on, I never once asked for your opinion. You are not angry right? You passed all responsibility to me back then to control the company, and even said you were training in primal chaos city, with no time to…”

Silence.

Luo Feng extended his arm to hold hers.

“Xu Xin.” Luo Feng looked at his wife who was in front of him.

“Hm?” Xu Xin was stunned.

“Sorry.” Luo Feng said softly She could hear the guilt and shame in his voice.

Xu Xin’s eyes teared up.

Virtual universe headquarters, it was an incredibly vast continent in the universe. In comparison, even planets and stars seemed like little dots.

“Primal region members Bolan and Long Yun who are heading to the primal secret region, you’ll have to follow the knight and leave with him. Wait here for the knight.

Absolute beginning members, you’ll head that way. Have a seat in that grey meteorite universe ship.”

“Heaven and ground members, you’ll sit in that 2nd purple ship.”

“Last phase members, you’ll take that 3rd largest ship, the black one.” Standing in the meeting room was a silver robed lady. Her voice resounded, simultaneously pointing through the transparent glass at the 3 ships that had just landed. “You can leave right now.”

Rumble…

816 youths stood up together.

“The 4 secret regions are all in different places. We brothers will only be able to meet in the virtual universe in the future.”

“We’ll leave first.”

“Goodbye.”

The friends said their goodbyes, Bolan and Long Yun remained in the meeting room. The rest of them followed the exit out and waited outside, naturally forming their groups and heading to the different ships.

“Your majesty Rong Jun, Your majesty Luo Feng, Your majesty Qian Shui…” That meteorite looking ship’s cabin door opened and a handsome looking and polite man with blood red long hair smiled as he welcomed the 8 members of the absolute beginning. While entering the ship, Luo Feng turned back to look at the meeting room.

It was a pity that from the outside, one couldn’t see through the windows of the meeting room. But Luo Feng could feel…within, that someone was looking at him.

“Bolan, you are my current level’s rival.” Luo Feng thought, following which he entered.

……

After a while.

The 3 F grade ships, with a rumble, flew and left.

Within the meeting room, Bolan and Long Yun were awaiting the 9 blade knight. They both looked out the glass at the 3 ships that were leaving.

“Luo Feng! Rong Jun!” Long Yun looked on, that heart yearning for victory was burning strong, “I will exceed you two, definitely!”

The 3 ships very quickly accelerated to light speed, entering universe transfer. As the absolute beginning, heaven and ground and last phase secret regions were at different locations, the 3 ships had long separated and headed in their own directions.

Dark universe.

A meteorite was swiftly flying, accelerating more and more, 20 times light speed, 21 times…

Within the meeting room of the dining hall of the meteorite.

“Welcome all of you to the absolute beginning region.” There were 9 undyings at the long table and 8 universe level youths. The person speaking was a tall and sturdy man with 18 horns and scales all over his face. His entire being emitted a strong and fierce aura. “I, Meteorite emperor will protect you as you head towards the absolute beginning region.”

“Thank you Meteorite emperor!”

Luo Feng, Rong Jun and the rest of the 8 bowed.

“Haha…” Meteorite emperor laughed loudly. The scales on his face creased slightly, making one’s heart palpitate. “Let me tell you all first, the 4 secret regions are in completely different locations They are not even in the same universe country.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng and the rest of them were shocked.

The territory of a universe country was incredibly vast.

“The primal region is the closest to the headquarters. It’s in the same universe country as the headquarters! Next is the absolute beginning, and then the heaven and ground region. The last phase region is the furthest away.” Meteorite emperor’s voice was like a metal clashing, booming, “The absolute beginning region you are headed to is about 1.2 hundred million light years from the headquarters.”

“1.2 hundred million light years?”

Luo Feng, Rong Jun, Qian Shui and the others were all shocked as this was an incredibly impossible distance. Even with light speed, it would take 1.2 hundred million years!

“Right now the ship has already reached 50 times light speed. It will travel for about 3 months in the dark universe before reaching the absolute beginning region.” Meteorite emperor smiled. “Let me first introduce the absolute beginning region and give you a brief description of it!”

Luo Feng and the 8 listened intently.

“The absolute beginning region is actually a universe secret region. However, it was simply given the name.” Meteorite emperor exclaimed, “Our primal universe is the most ancient and incredibly vast universe. It has produced many life forms, trillions of races etc, with countless warriors.”

“During its evolution, many regions and sectors become galaxies, stars, planets etc…the galaxies are the most commonly seen.”

“However, due to unknown special circumstances, during its evolution, it also produced several special sectors that don’t follow its regular laws.” Meteorite emperor exclaimed. “These special regions will completely challenge your imagination. The life forms and many strange things within these places, treasures and so on will also challenge your imagination.”

The eyes of Luo Feng and the others gleamed.

“These special regions have been called universe secret regions.”

“Everyone is different.” Meteorite emperor exclaimed, “Different universe secret regions will produce different unexplainable treasures, even terrifying disasters.”

“Universe secret areas also have different levels of danger.”

“Even with the safest ones, a few sector lords will die even as they enter. But, most will die while competing and fighting for the treasures within.”

“As for the most dangerous regions, I heard that even a universe country leader wouldn’t have much hope of surviving.” Meteorite emperor looked at the shocked faces of the group, smiling, “Why, is it shocking?”

Luo Feng and the 8 were stunned.

My god.

Universe country leader, these were absolute beings that opened a universe country for trillions of years. Even they had very little hope of survival when entering the most dangerous secret regions.

“A newly discovered universe secret region, no one can imagine what goes on inside.” Meteorite emperor exclaimed, “It maybe a disaster inside, or it could even hold an unbelievable miracle!”

“There are big and small regions.”

“The big ones are comparable to a universe country!” Meteorite emperor emphasized, “The small ones can go up to the size of a galaxy.”

Silence.

Luo Feng and the others were completely stunned and silent, such a huge secret region? Comparable to a universe country?

“And the primal, absolute beginning, heaven and ground and last phase secret regions that belong to the virtual universe have all been excavated and remodeled, they don’t hold any more dangers within.” Meteorite emperor laughed. “As universe secret regions have incredibly thick amounts of universe energies within, they are very suitable for training.”

“Universe energies?” Luo Feng thought.

When the universe energies condense into solid form, they form universe crystals!

Sector lords, the reason why they can create their own worlds was because of their ability to condense a large amount of universe energy.

“The absolute beginning region you are headed to is comparable to a starfield.” Meteorite emperor said, “Living and training in the secret region, the most important and useful thing is the points! Within the company, the points are more effective than gold.”

……

Meteorite emperor’s words had indeed filled the youths’ with anticipation towards the secret regions. However, it was obvious that a even the safest of the newly discovered regions required at least a sector lord to enter. Unless it was an already excavated and remodeled one like the absolute beginning region.

Time flowed.

Days passed and in the blink of an eye, 26 days had passed.

“We are arriving at the absolute beginning region soon. During my 30 years in primal chaos city, I passed 5 levels of the heavenly bridge. According to the 10 times reward, my points have reached 30,360.” Luo Feng calculated within his resting room. “Luckily I earned more points while in primal chaos city, otherwise it’ll be hard to acquire them.”

If it weren’t for the 10 times reward, passing 5 levels would only give him 3,100 points, it was because it was 10 times that, that it reached 31,000 points.

Right now, they had already left primal chaos city.

Passing any levels of the heavenly bridge wouldn’t yield the 10 times reward anymore.

“Come out.” Meteorite emperor’s voice resounded throughout the ship. “We’ve arrived at the absolute beginning region, we’ll begin universe travel now!”

Shua! Luo Feng stood up, his eyes filled with excitement.

They’ve arrived, they’ve finally arrived at the absolute beginning secret region!


Chapter 480: Star Fragment

Within the control room of the ship.

Luo Feng and the rest of the 8 absolute beginning members were gathered with Meteorite emperor along with the other undyings.

“We’ll begin universe travel immediately.” Meteorite emperor laughed loudly, as his voice resounded within the entire control room. “Travelling to the absolute beginning region is different than travelling to any other normal star fields.”

“Ah?”

Luo Feng and the others were curious.

“You’ll know in a moment.” Meteorite emperor had just ended his speech and a cold mechanic voice resounded throughout the control room: “Beginning universe travel, 10, 9, 8,7 ,6…3…2…1…” Immediately the ship shook and within a second it returned back to normal.

“Travel complete.”

“External simulation.” Meteorite emperor shouted.

Immediately the surrounding scenery changed, allowing Luo Feng and the others to see the scenery outside.

“My god!”

“Ah!”

Luo Feng and the rest of the 8, including the Manka prince Wuka were all completely shocked and stared at the simulation.

“How is it?” Meteorite emperor laughed.

“It’s too unbelievable.” Luo Feng looked outside. It was shrouded in thick mist. In the distance there were colorful clouds, and one could even occasionally see large meteorites.

“It’s actually…”

“How is this possible?”

The 8 were shocked, because engaging in universe travel meant usually passing through space where there was nothing in their path, hence it would normally be very safe. And right now the ship meteorite emperor was taking them in was passing through the internal areas of a certain starfield, which looked extremely dangerous.

“Not right.” Wuka shouted. “This, this is the inside of the absolute beginning region?”

“Hm.” Meteorite emperor smiled. The scales on his face creased, “Right, this is already a core district of the absolute beginning secret region.”

“Then, what happens if we want to leave the region?” Wuka pointed outside. “Look at the meteorites outside. There are dust clouds around and there’s no space for a ship to even accelerate! To engage in universe travel requires a ship to accelerate to lightspeed, That’s the only way to do it!”

Luo Feng nodded, right.

Universe travel to the absolute beginning region was easy, but what about leaving?

“You are right.” Meteorite emperor nodded and smiled. “The absolute beginning has a diameter of about 5 million light years, which is similar to a star field.”

“In normal space, we can accelerate to lightspeed, However, a universe secret area is different, as there are special fire flows, cold flows, astral winds, and also cosmic dusts, making the resistance against ships extremely large. It’s almost impossible to accelerate to lightspeed.” Meteorite Emperor said.

Universe Travel had high requirements.

One had to accelerate to lightspeed!

And accelerating to lightspeed, one first had to have very little resistance, and also a long area to accelerate. Just like an airplane runway, these universe ships required a large enough space before it could reach lightspeed, and this distance was tens of millions of that of a plane. This was usually easy to do in normal space.

However in the secret area…it was almost impossible!

“Right, within the universe secret regions, it’s normally impossible to engage in universe travel.” Meteorite emperor nodded. “However, the absolute beginning is different. It’s been excavated and remodeled! Within this secret region, there are certain territories that have been swept by the absolute warriors, making enough space there for a universe ship to accelerate.”

“Ah?”

Luo Feng, Rong Jun, Qian Shui, Wuka, Ai Chen and the others were shocked.

Swept enough to let a universe ship accelerate to lightspeed. Just how big of a space did they have to clear out.

“There’s no way around it! The absolute beginning region is too huge. If they didn’t do so, we would have to fly slowly from the outer perimeter. With the greatest 5 million light years distance to calculate, we’d have to fly 5 million years. Not travelling straight to the core won’t do.” Meteorite emperor laughed. “When you return, you will all be given a star map. This is a map of the territories within the entire region. With the help of this map, you’ll know how to enter and exit the absolute beginning region.”

……

Universe ship, it was flying within the absolute beginning region.

“I need to send each of you to each of your living quarters.” Meteorite emperor laughed in the control room. “It requires about 3 days of time before I can send every single one of you.”

Luo Feng and the others remained silent.

To reach the living quarters for the 8 of them required 3 days of flying in the universe ship?

“Hm, Rong Jun, we’ve arrived at yours.” Meteorite emperor shouted. Simultaneously through the external simulation everyone could clearly see the space outside shrouded in thick heavy mist, and there was a beautiful little continent floating. As they drew closer, that continent got bigger, finally the ship landed on it.

Du!

The cabin door opened.

“Go out and take a look.” Meteorite emperor laughed and shouted. Luo Feng and the others excitedly flew out of the ship. As they flew out, they could feel the thick universe energy revolving about them. Luo Feng and the others landed on the ground and looked at the distant endless space. It was shrouded in mist and one could occasionally see cold streams flowing past.

“There’s a continent in this space?”

“It feels too good.”

“How big is this continent?” Luo Feng and the others looked around. This floating continent was extremely huge, it was at least beyond what their eyesight could perceive.

Rumble!

Meteorite emperor landed on the ground and laughed. “This is star fragment 80389092, its diameter is 5800 km. In the center of this fragment there’s a huge mansion. Rong Jun, that’s your living quarters. Naturally this entire star fragment, from now on will belong to you alone.”

“Hm.” Rong Jun surveyed his surroundings. This continent was lush with vegetation and many forms of plants.

“Absolute beginning region, the universe energies are incredibly thick.” Meteorite emperor pointed at the mist around them. “Look, this mist all around you can form little crystals filled with universe energies.” With that, Meteorite emperor grabbed the air and a large amount of the mist swiftly compressed.

Forming a large crystal.

“Universe crystal?” Luo Feng, Ai Chen and Rong Jun couldn’t help but shout out.

“Right, universe crystal.” Meteorite emperor laughed. “The limitless mist, when gathered will form universe crystals. As the universe energies are too thick…training in the absolute beginning secret region will allow one to feel the ripples of the universe energies clearer. It’s extremely beneficial to one’s training.”

Hu! Hu! Hu! From the distance, 10 silhouettes flew over.

“Your majesty!”

10 armored universe soldiers landed in an orderly fashion. They were led by a sector lord, they all shouted respectfully together.

“Everybody else up on the ship, we are heading to Wuka’s quarters next.” Meteorite emperor shouted.

“Rong Jun, see you later.”

“Rong Jun, we’ll leave first.”

Luo Feng and the others waved and entered the ship once again. The ship took off and flew once more.

……

Each of the members were being sent to their own quarters and Luo Feng was the 5th to arrive at his.

“Star fragment 80389081?” Luo Feng muttered while walking on the continent. “It’s diameter is 6200km. According to what Meteorite emperor said, this star fragment was split by absolute warriors from the Virtual Universe Company, creating many star fragment bases.”

“What thick universe energies.” Luo Feng waved his hand to feel the mist, he couldn’t help but exclaim.

If he wanted universe crystals, he could create it anytime he wished. As long as they compressed the mist, they would form crystals. However, to Luo Feng and these core members, even 1 trillion universe dollars was but 1 mixed element. And to compress and create 1 trillion universe dollars, my god, how many years would that require? Hence it wasn’t even worth it!

Naturally, if normal citizens from normal planets saw this, they would go crazy.

Universe dollars, to the normal folk of the universe, was still a very expensive currency.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked up.

In the distance 10 silhouettes flew over. Leading them was a bald old man, it was the leader of Luo Feng’s guards Ao Duo Li Ke Wen Shen Lai Suo.

“Your Majesty.” The 10 bowed respectfully.

“Hm.” Luo Feng smiled, “Ao Duo, we’ve finally met in reality.”

“I’ve been looking forward to this day too.” The bald old man smiled. “Your majesty, I’ll lead the way.”

After a while.

With the protection of his guards, Luo Feng arrived in an ancient villa. This villa had a length and width of 300km. There were many constructs within, such a large construct…to the Virtual Universe Company was simply too easy to create.

“Your majesty.” Ao Duo smiled. “I’ll do the introductions.”

Hu!

Following which Ao Duo immediately flew up and Luo Feng followed. The two of them flew tens of thousands of meters above the ground.

“From this height we can barely see the edge of the star fragment.” Luo Feng looked down and surveyed below. Ao Duo only looked ahead, “Your majesty, look that way.”

“Hm?”

Luo Feng glanced and was shocked.

In the far away distance, there was a dark blue planet. Even the extremely thick mist couldn’t block its glimmer.

“That’s an extra large planet.” Ao Duo exclaimed. “It has a diameter of 1.28 million km. The strange thing is that it’s extremely cold. Our star fragment revolves around this ice planet constantly and there are a total of over 3000 star fragments that revolve around this ice planet and almost all of them have absolute beginning members.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng felt a sense of how unbelievable it was.

Diameter of 1.28 million km?

It was close to the size of the stars in the solar system, however it was a huge ice planet, and it glimmered? How peculiar!

“The Virtual Universe Company ordered a long time ago that before one reaches undying, he is forbidden from entering the ice planet. It’s almost certain that any sector lords who enter it will die.” Ao Duo exclaimed. “An ice planet that glimmers…and also capable of killing sector lords, it’s much stronger than a normal star.”

“Universe secret regions, they are indeed mysterious. Many of them don’t even follow common knowledge.” Luo Feng shook his head.

Actually, a place that had such thick universe energies that one could easily form universe crystals, spread throughout the entire starfield. For such a place to exist, nothing weird from it would be shocking.

“This…” Luo Feng surveyed below. Amidst the thick mist, a large star fragment floated. “Is my future training spot, let’s go down.”

Sou!

Luo Feng and Ao Duo rushed downwards.


Chapter 481: New Journey

Star Fragment 80389081 had a diameter of 6200 km. This was close to a quarter of earth’s surface area, however this was only the living quarters for 1 absolute beginning member.

Within the villa, there was a team of guards with 111 people.

1 general at sector lord level, 10 captains at domain lord level, and 100 universe soldiers at universe level. This formed Luo Feng’s guard team. And his waiters and staff members were made up of an even greater number, as there were a total of 1800 staff men and women. After all, the area of the star fragment was simply too huge. Even with the help of technology and machines, protecting the entire star fragment required a large amount of work.

111 guards, 1800 staff, and 1 Lord, this was the population of the star fragment.

……

“From today on, without my orders, I do not wish to see anyone enter here.” Luo Feng ordered while looking around a quiet little building.

“Yes your majesty.” The bald old man Ao Duo bowed respectfully.

“Hm.” Luo Feng looked at the bald old man. “Ao Duo, from what I know, the core members should be able to bathe in the Life pool to evolve their bodies to the highest levels, right?”

“Life pool?” The bald old man was stunned.

Luo Feng was curious, Ao Duo was a core member of the last phase region and he should know this.

“What life pool?” Ao Duo asked curiously.

“After breaking through to universe level 1, bathing in the life pool will raise one straight to universe level 9 no?” Luo Feng asked again.

“I believe that your majesty is referring to the nutrition cabin.” Ao Duo laughed. “What’s a life pool? Right, core members in the Virtual Universe Company have a certain privilege. As long as one breaks through to the universe level 1, domain lord level 1, or even sector lord level 1, they can immediately head to the nutrition cabin. It has very valuable essences, allowing the person to evolve within!”

“Ah.” Luo Feng nodded.

Right!

The life pool was Wuka’s name for it. The young generation of Manka’s would all enter the life pool. The Virtual Universe Company didn’t necessarily have a life pool. But they did have a nutrition cabin, or even a nutrition river, wasn’t it the same?

“Right right, Nutrition cabin.” Luo Feng asked, “How do I request it?”

“Your majesty hasn’t entered the virtual universe network yet.” Ao Duo smiled. “Every new batch of the company has to first go through the basic training in primal chaos city first. After which, their rights and privileges change. Many things they were unable to do before will now be enabled. Once you go online, you will know.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng nodded, following which his consciousness entered the virtual universe network.

Virtual universe, absolute beginning region villa 1136.

Within the study.

Luo Feng sat in the chair. As he opened the laptop and looked at the screen, he discovered 1 new mail from Background management.

“Hm?” Luo Feng tapped it gently.

The mail automatically opened and there were 3 choices on the summary page, Life, Study, and Training.

“Life.” Luo Feng gently tapped.

Large amounts of pages unfolded before him which contained information from star maps to food and beverages, nutrition cabin, ships and so on. There were all sorts of information. Luo Feng opened all of them, and was able to find solutions for any questions or problems related to living in the absolute beginning region. As for the nutrition cabin, one could choose the option of the nutrition cabin to help one evolve to the highest level.

“Request!” Luo Feng tapped it gently.

Du!

A small screen appeared and in it displayed was a beautiful jade haired lady in a white robe with a smile on her face. “How do you do, Your majesty Luo Feng, did you request to use the nutrition cabin to evolve from universe level 1 to universe level 9?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Your Majesty Luo feng, we will send the nutrition cabin to your quarters within a day.” The jade haired lady smiled.

“Thanks.” Luo Feng smiled.

The call ended.

“That was easy.” Luo Feng muttered. “As for food and beverages along with many other request such as even ships are provided for. Although, the good ships have to be bought. However, the A grade to D grade ships are provided.” Right, the normally not too expensive items are all provided for.

……

Closing the Life section, Luo Feng opened the Study section.

The Study section was separated into Theory and Practical!

Theory, the main thing was the public lessons in the entire absolute beginning region. These were normally taught by undyings, and occasionally having a universe country leader teach! These courses, provided information about gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, thunder, and light, the 8 origin laws, plus the laws of space and time, the hardest 2 laws.

They also spoke of the fusion of space and gold, space and wood etc.

There were also skills lessons.

And consciousness training lessons.

……

Many different types of lessons. The teachers were all at least undying level, and occasionally universe country leaders. These public lessons all belonged to the absolute beginning public lessons, only absolute beginning members could attend them!

“They actually don’t force anything.” Luo Feng smiled. “That’s good, when I want to I’ll attend, if not I’ll train alone.” However just from the course names and the absolute beings teaching, these were enough to let Luo Feng understand just how vast their wealth was.

Normal warriors would dream of getting an undying teacher.

Just like Luo Feng’s slave Bai Kalo, his teacher was Nuolan Shan!

Nuolan Shan was a universe level 9. Because of his Huge Axe title, many had gone to become his students. This showed that in the universe, just how sparse the teacher resources were. As for Luo Feng and his group, they had a large group of undyings to teach them. These undyings all spoke of what they were proficient in, even occasionally having a universe country leader to come in and teach!

How luxurious!

“Study section is separated into theory and practical?” Luo Feng thought. “Theory is the classes by the absolute warriors, what about practical?”

He gently tapped it.

Hua!

The practical segment was separated into the heavenly bridge, fantasy ocean and undying altar. Within them were the detailed explanations of each of them.

Heavenly bridge: Virtual Universe Company core members have the right to attempt the heavenly bridge. The requirements of the bridge are related to one’s comprehension of the origin laws. The deeper one’s level of comprehension is, the higher level he can pass on the bridge. The higher the level, the amount of points awarded will also be higher!

Fantasy ocean: Virtual Universe Company core members have the right to attempt the fantasy ocean. It tests one’s consciousness strength and willpower! Consciousness and willpower, by training them, it will allow one to breakthrough the bottlenecks and is very important in battle and many other aspects. One will attempt to breakthrough the fantasy ocean from the outermost layer to deep within…the deeper one goes, the higher the points!

Undying altar: The undying altar test’s one’s ability to unleash energy. Even with the same type of body, different warriors have different unleashing strengths and usage! Pure raw power will be measured as 1 point. A few powerful warriors can reach 10 or 20 points, but one’s maximum potential is set at 100 points. This is the perfect standard for using one’s strength, and the degree to how one controls his strength to perfection is a requirement for breaking through to undying. Undying altar tests one’s strength exertion! The stronger it is, the higher the points!

“Heavenly bridge? Fantasy ocean? Undying altar?” Luo Feng held his breath. “I didn’t expect that other than the heavenly bridge, there’s also the fantasy ocean and undying altar?”

“Damn!”

“The Virtual Universe Company is indeed the Virtual Universe Company. They have everything mapped out.” On Luo Feng’s shoulder, Babata stared wide eyed. “They actually have a group of undyings and even a universe country leader teaching classes? Making just the heavenly bridge is more than enough. Yet, there’s even a fantasy ocean and undying altar? How do they make those?”

“Body, Consciousness strength, willpower and origin law comprehension, these are the main aspects to becoming undying.” Babata shouted. “Especially the undying altar, this can actually tests one’s strength?”

“What’s hard about that?” Luo Feng laughed, “When we were on earth, couldn’t we also test one’s strength exertion?”

“It’s not the same!”

“When one trains to your level, a punch alone will naturally be infused with origin laws.” Babata explained. “For example, your raw power is 1, when you exert strength it can reach 20. However with the laws, your attack can rise to a 100 points. The test will read is as 100, but that’s not your true strength, do you understand?”

Luo Feng realized.

Right.

The origin laws could increase one’s power a lot, it wouldn’t just be one’s raw energy.

“Tap the undying altar.” Babata shouted.

Luo Feng gently tapped.

Undying altar: Specially created for the virtual universe. It isolates universe origin laws, universe energies, spirit energy and so on to accurately test one’s strength exertion.

“Hehe, I’ve never heard of such a place, normal warriors would never even know of such a place.” Babata shook his head and exclaimed.

“The best thing is that, the heavenly bridge, the fantasy ocean and undying altar can all get you points.” Luo Feng laughed happily.

……

The background management, after finishing life and study, Luo Feng excitedly opened the 3rd option, which was training.

When it was opened, a summary page popped up with several words.

“In the Virtual Universe Company, points are more effective than money.

And other than the heavenly bridge, fantasy ocean and undying altar, one can also choose to do missions to gain points.

A true warrior cannot be born in a completely safe environment.

Only through grueling and intense battles will one constantly evolve and get stronger.

The training missions are a form of training in reality.

The missions are separated according to their difficulty and danger levels such as Safe, Normal, Difficult, Danger, Impossible.

Safe level: Mortality rate 0.

Normal: Mortality rate 10%.

Difficult: Mortality rate 20%.

Danger: Mortality rate 50%.

Impossible: Mortality rate 90%.

As the danger levels differs, the amount of points for each mission too will naturally differ. All core members should choose according to their levels of strengths. Don’t choose a level that is too safe, as others will exceed you that way. However do not blindly choose the most dangerous on as well, as without sufficient preparation, one will be walking towards death.

Whether its study or training, everything will be decided by you, the core member. You make your own choices, you’ll bear the consequences of your own actions.

The path to becoming undying is filled with danger. I wish you all to walk this path and become undyings.”

……

Finishing the final training segment page, Luo Feng was silent for awhile.


Chapter 482: Fixing the Yun Mo Planet Ship?

“There’s a saying on earth. A flower may seem beautiful in a greenhouse, but it can never withstand wind and rain.” Luo Feng said softly. “It’s delicate and fragile.

“Right.”

The little demon exclaimed. “It takes a hundred years to be tempered into iron, the people of earth are able to withstand certain diseases because of vaccines, they all share the same theory Luo Feng. Just like that example, you shouldn’t be too ambitious in the beginning. Start from the lower difficulty ones and try them out before gradually rising up.”

“There is no rush. I currently don’t even wish to take any missions yet.” Luo Feng said. “My study from primal chaos city, I still require some time to digest all that information. And my body requires the nutrition cabin as well.”

“Hm.” The demon Babata smiled and nodded.

Back when he chose Luo Feng to inherit the Yun Mo Planet legacy, never would he expect him to come to this point in life, where before he would be worried about his identity as the disciple of the Yun Mo Planet being revealed, attracting many sector lords and others. However with his status now, even normal undyings wouldn’t dare mess with him. Even the emperor of the Black Dragon Mountain had to be respectful.

When Luo Feng enters the primal secret region, his guards would be led by an undying!

When that happened, even the god leader of the Black Dragon Mountain sacred land would have to be extremely respectful with Luo Feng.

“Background management.”

Luo Feng gently tapped and later closed the document.

Life, Study, and Training, the Virtual Universe Company provided the best of everything.

Dying halfway? Stuck at the pinnacle of sector lord with the lifespan ending? Becoming undying? That all depended on one’s hard work.

“I currently have 30,360 points.” Luo Feng opened the treasure trove document. As he looked at the materials, valuable treasures, manuals, weapons and variety of items that were available, his heart suddenly skipped a beat.

Right.

This treasure trove had almost everything. As for his most treasured possession, the F grade Yun Mo Planet ship which couldn’t be used at all, even repairing it was difficult. At least in the black Dragon Mountain Starfield it was impossible, the Ganwu universe country may have barely been able to scrape together enough to fix it, but the treasure trove here would most definitely have what was needed to fix it.

“Babata, take a look at this treasure trove. Will we be able to fix the Yun Mo Planet ship with the available items?” Luo Feng asked.

“Yes!” The demon Babata was an AI after all. It was able to collect the information about all the necessary materials in an instant.

“Ah?” Luo Feng was surprised.

The Yun Mo Planet ship was a ship that even an undying could barely break. An undying’s battle, would leave nothing but just a fist imprint within. And the reason behind his teacher Hu Yan Bo’s death in the past was due to his opponent using a spirit attack. With this ship, Luo Feng would truly be intrepid.

Spirit attack?

He could hide his two other bodies into his internal world and use the Mosha clan. As it didn’t have a soul, it wasn’t afraid of a spirit attack at all!

“The important materials can be exchanged through the treasure trove.” Babata said. “Also, you can also hire the technological department of the Virtual Universe Company to repair it through the Life segment. As long as you provide the materials, these members will repair it.

“How many points does it require?” Luo Feng asked.

“About 560,000 points.” Babata said.

“560,000?” Luo Feng stared wide eyed.

“That’s not considered much.” Babata said. “If we use real cash in the actual universe, it would require about 80,000 mixed elements.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

The buying power of the points was indeed absurd.

“Babata, if we were to build a new Yun Mo Planet ship, how much would we need?” Luo Feng asked.

“About 3.6 million mixed elements!” Babata said.

“Damn!” Luo Feng couldn’t help but curse. “Even buying and selling the entire Black Dragon Mountain starfield wouldn’t cost this much right.”

“A normal galaxy’s worth isn’t that much. However to sell an entire Black Dragon Mountain starfield, the price would jump much higher, about 300 thousand to 1 million mixed elements. The main thing is that it will depend on the situation, auctions usually have highs and lows.” Babata said.

Black Dragon Mountain starfield, even selling it entirely didn’t compare to one Yun Mo Planet ship!

“This is very normal.” Babata said with disdain. “The Black Dragon Mountain starfield is the property of that undying of the sacred land Black Dragon Mountain! And that undying…his power doesn’t even compare to your teacher!In order to build this ship, your teacher back then spent an enormous amount. The Yun Mo Planet ship being more expensive than a normal starfield is normal. And it’s extremely durable too, since it is able to block any physical attacks. Plus, your teacher focused on the spirit offense and defense. Hence with that ship, it was extremely safe!”

“He still died in the end.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“His enemy was an emperor level undying, and he focused on spirit attacks too.” Babata said. “If he was a fighter, he wouldn’t have been able to kill your teacher at all.”

“Black Dragon Mountain starfield, is afterall just a territory.”

“However one Yun Mo Planet ship is a ship that protects your life. Which is more important? One look and you should know!” Babata said.

……

Whether it was 560,000 points or 80,000 mixed elements.

They were both far from Luo Feng’s reach, his meager points were nowhere near it.

Deep in the universe, Absolute beginning region core.

Orbiting around this huge Ice planet were many star fragments. On fragment number 80389081, a universe ship landed on the continent.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, the nutrition cabin stores within it valuable nutritious liquid. You only require one third of it to raise from universe level 1 to 9.” A jade haired man dressed in a white robe said respectfully. “Just in case, we’ve prepared more than required.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded satisfied.

This nutrition cabin was very similar to the one he had bought. However, this one was definitely better, and it couldn’t be bought outside. Even if one could, Luo Feng would most definitely be unable to afford it.

……

Hua!

The nutrition cabin opened automatically. Inside it, about one fifth of it was filled with a light purple liquid. This formless liquid was extremely cold, this made Luo Feng frown. He extended his hand close to the liquid, slightly touching it, chi! The cold shocked Luo Feng. It was at least negative 10 degrees.

While touching the liquid with his fingers, he noticed that the cells in his fingers seemed to jump with glee.

“Such a cold nutrition liquid? However the effects are shocking.” Luo Feng thought. With that he stripped and entered the cabin Immersing himself in that cold purple liquid, the strange entity began to flow and entered through Luo Feng’s body, through his muscles, bones, skin, internal organs…

His entire body from outside to inside began to evolve at a shocking rate. Normal evolution from universe level 1 to 9 required hundreds to thousands of years. However, the Virtual Universe Company paid a hefty price to allow one’s evolution to happen within a few short months.

As for the chillness of the nutrition liquid? Universe level warriors weren’t affected by such temperatures.

Hua!

The cabin closed.

Virtual universe, Absolute beginning villa 1136.

“It’s really not the same. It not only permeates through my entire body, even my spirit energy is growing. This is unbelievable.” Luo Feng sat at his desk, opening his laptop and exclaiming. “To be able to evolve my body and soul from level 1 to 9…hehe, impressive.”

On the screen, Luo Feng looked at the timetable for classes.

“I don’t need to listen to the other classes. I’ll just go and check out the classes for space and gold.” Luo Feng didn’t want to study any other laws. One’s attention and energy had a limit, and his two bodies within were naturally proficient in these two laws. There was no need to even bother with the others.

“There’s a class tomorrow night? Speaking about gold origin laws? On top of that, It’s an emperor level undying speaking, hm, I’ll have to go listen.”

Following which, Luo Feng jumped out from the balcony of his study. With a flash in mid air, he came to his private training quarters and began his training.

……

One had to bathe in the nutrition cabin for 3 months. During this time, when Luo Feng wasn’t in his training grounds studying and comprehending his study of the primal chaos tablet and the experiences before, he was listening to classes. However honestly, even though other absolute beginning members regarded the classes as pretty important, Luo Feng discovered one thing after attending…

The effects of the classes didn’t compare to his own teacher True Yan’s lessons.

Studying under True Yan for 20 years, even though there were several classes that would make his eyes gleam occasionally, the effects were average.

There was no helping it.

Public classes were for all of the absolute beginning members.

And True Yan’s pointers were catered specifically for him. He was given information specifically according to his progress and condition. And True Yan was a being close to becoming a universe country leader, naturally the effects were much better than normal classes.

……

“My improvement speed is obviously much slower than primal chaos city.” Luo Feng sat in a chair in his villa. He lifted a good glass of wine and frowned. “And these classes obviously aren’t better than my own teacher, what do I do?”

It wasn’t just Luo Feng.

The others were also discovering this problem. The training speed right now paled in comparison to primal chaos city. After all, the visible origin laws within the city allowed one to study them and improve faster.

“Luo Feng, your teacher has requested a call.” On his shoulder, Babata shouted.

“Teacher?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. Standing straight up and respectfully speaking, “Accept.”

A screen floated before his eyes. On it an intrepid and powerful True Yan emperor appeared. That golden fur added to his powerful aura, True Yan laughed loudly and said, “My good disciple, how are you feeling after leaving primal chaos city for a while?”

“My studying speed has slowed.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“Haha…”

True Yan laughed even more happily. “That’s normal, Primal Chaos city has the 3 treasures. Hence, one’s studying efficiency is 10 times faster than outside! Everyone who leaves primal chaos city will encounter this problem. However, your teacher has a way to solve it.”

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, “Please speak, teacher!”

“If you are able to frequently study the 9 universe tablet, your improvement speed will be even faster than in primal chaos city itself.” True Yan Emperor said.

“But of course.” Luo Feng said, after which he shook his head helplessly. “It’s a pity, it’s hard to even get one chance to study the tablet, and every time the study only lasts 7 days. Even so, the rewards gained from these chances are very high. If I’m able to frequent study it, even if I’m not in primal chaos city, my improvement will be shocking.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “Don’t tell me that teacher has a way for me to study the tablet?”

“No, the 52 primal chaos tablets are only available here in primal chaos city.” True Yan said.

“Then what teacher means is.” Luo Feng was curious.

“In the Virtual Universe Company’s treasure trove manuals department, there’s a book called the Time space scribbles.” True Yan continued, “This book was written by the creator of the 9 universe tablet.”

“Are you referring to one of the top 100 most heavenly priced books, Time space scribbles?” Luo Feng stared. He had looked through the treasure trove and towards the end of the list for the manuals, there were terrifyingly priced manuals.

Time Space scribbles, the set required a total 100 billion points!

A number so high Luo Feng could only stare wide eyed at the absurdly priced books. Luo Feng didn’t even bother to look at them, 100 billion points!

“Haha, don’t get excited. This time space scribbles is something even your teacher cannot afford.” True Yan smiled.


Chapter 483: Time Space Scribbles

Passing the 1st level of the heavenly bridge was 100 points, the 2nd level yielded 200, the 3rd was 400…it compounded as it grew.

After passing the 21st level, one could become a universe country leader. At the same time, they will also gain 1 hundred million points in reward!

Don’t even mention True Yan Emperor not being able to afford it, even those universe country leaders would have to go out on a limb to buy it. 100 billion was simply too huge a sum, enough to make even a universe country leader tremble. Much less the little Luo Feng, he could only stare wide eyed.

“Haha, shocked?” True Yan laughed on the screen.

“Teacher, what’s the point of telling me about the Time Space scribbles. I can’t afford it at all.” Luo Feng muttered. “Even if it’s written by the creator of 9 universe tablet, I can’t afford it.”

Passing the 21st level of the heavenly bridge, could lead to one becoming a universe country leader.

That level of being, carving out the 9 universe primal chaos tablet that actually allowed one to train up to level 27, the Time Space scribbles deserves to be sold at such a price. That absolute being… was definitely one that stood at the absolute pinnacle of humanity itself, a powerful warrior that dominated over status and rank!

“If one said that the 9 universe was deep and profound, and is able to entice and help many with comprehension.” True Yan said, “Then this Time space scribbles itself has recorded thousands to tens of thousands of techniques.”

“Thousands to tens of thousands of techniques?” Luo Feng starred.

“Hm.”

True Yan nodded. “Right, back then the being that created the 9 universe tablet put his main ideas about the path he took into the 9 pictures! These 9 pictures naturally enticed people in its path to comprehension. Also, while this being was creating the 9 pictures, according to the 9 pictures, he struggled quite hard in his comprehension and during which he recorded all the techniques he thought of in that process. These techniques that resonate with the 9 pictures, there’s a total of 10,829 techniques.”

“10,829 techniques?” Luo Feng blinked hard.

A true absolute being could create so many techniques from just those 9 pictures.

“These techniques are extremely scattered.” True Yan emperor said. “Hence the name scribbles, this was mainly due to it being random writings, or pictures. Some are extremely profound and some not, some of them even very random and scattered. When the later generations studied the Time Space Scribbles, they couldn’t even find all 10,829 techniques within.”

“Since they couldn’t find them all, how did they know there were so many?” Luo Feng asked curiously.

“The creator himself wrote it in the first page.” True Yan laughed. “Even though they couldn’t find everything, but they still discovered tens of thousands. This entire set has 9 books!”

“9 books?” Luo Feng thought about it. The 9 universe tablet had a total of 9 pictures too.

“The scribbles were originally written according to the 9 pictures. The 1st book is in accordance with the 1st picture, the 2nd with the 2nd picture…9th with 9th.” True Yan smiled.

Listening to his teacher say so, Luo Feng thought about it and used his finger to point at a another screen on the side. He swiftly opened the manuals in the treasure trove and quickly found the exorbitantly priced Time Space scribbles. Even the author’s name was anonymous, Luo Feng opened it to examine it.

Time Space scribbles, 1st book 1,000 points.

Time Space scribbles, 1st two books 10,000 points.

Time Space scribbles, 1st three books 100,000 points.

……

Time Space scribbles, 1st seven books 1 billion points.

Time Space scribbles, 1st eight books 10 billion points.

Time Space scribbles, entire set 100 billion points.

And this Time Space scribbles didn’t come with a discount!

“It’s really exactly as I thought.” Luo Feng laughed loudly. “These expensive books, really sell separately too.”

“Ah, like what you thought?” On the screen True Yan laughed.

Luo Feng laughed too.

Back when he was on earth, the normal fighter’s 9 level Thunder blade was sold separately too!

“However, the price is still very expensive.” Luo Feng frowned.

“The price is expensive.” True Yan nodded. “The moment you choose to buy it, then later on you’ll have to work hard to earn back the points.”

The 1st seven books reflect the first 7 pictures of the 9 universe tablet. Comprehending them all would allow one to reach universe country leader level. However, even after passing the 21st level of the bridge one would barely have a little over 1 hundred million points, and just the 1st seven books require 1 billion points. Those who bought these 1st 7 books were normally not universe country leaders.

“Luo Feng, this is definitely considered an extremely expensive book. The floating blood you bought was only 800 points, and they resonate with the 1st 3 pictures. This book however, just the 1st 3 require 100,000 points. And it gets worse later on. However they are definitely the best training option in training and studying the 9 universe tablet as large amounts of techniques are stored within. By studying these techniques, the effects may be even better than directly studying the 9 universe tablet.” On the screen True Yan emperor smiled happily as he looked at Luo Feng. “Luo Feng, my good disciple, it’s your choice whether to buy it or not.”

“Buy, definitely.” Luo Feng didn’t even hesitate.

“Ah?” True Yan’s golden eyebrows creased.

“Anyway I have points now.” Luo Feng smiled. “I can afford it now, as for later on whether I can afford it or not, that’s a problem for the future!”

His eyes gleamed. “Teacher, since you said that its effects are comparable and maybe better than actually studying the 9 universe tablet itself, no matter how many points it requires I still have to buy it. The points are nothing but little playthings, the comprehension of the laws…that’s the true mark of becoming a strong warrior.” Finishing up, Luo Feng didn’t even hesitate. He immediately bought the 1st two books.

“Exchange successful!”

“Deducting 10,000 points, remainder 20,360 points.”

“Please wait, someone will send the manual over immediately.”

On the screen a notice popped out.

“Teacher, I’ve already bought it.” Luo Feng looked at the other screen in which True Yan was in.

“Hm.”

True Yan smiled. “With this Time Space scribbles, your study of the 9 universe tablet will speed up a lot. If you have any questions…bear with it for 3 months, and if after 3 months you still haven’t understood it, come ask me.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Also, let me advise you on one more thing.” True Yan smiled in the screen. “There’s no need to waste time studying in Yu Xiang Mountain that much. It is important to study and comprehend the laws. However, you can totally go take on a mission. Exploring and doing missions in reality…training in reality and studying the laws simultaneously, these two shouldn’t be delayed, the efficiency of the two together will rise greatly

Luo Feng thought and nodded, “Understood teacher.”

Primal chaos city.

Within that ancient mansion, True Yan Emperor smiled and nodded. “Luo Feng this punk, he is indeed straightforward.”

……

Luo Feng quickly received the two books that he ordered, they were both stored in a silver briefcase.

In his study.

Luo Feng opened the briefcase, shocked, “Two books?”

The time space scribbles, one had to know that when he purchased the floating blood before, all 110 books almost just filled up the entire briefcase. However, these 2 books alone took up half of the entire briefcase.

These two books, accurately speaking were made of metal, even the pages were gold in color!

The 1st book was 50cm long, 40cm thick and 40cm tall.

The 2nd book, was 50cm long, 40cm thick and 30cm tall.

“Damn, how can one even call these two books, they are even larger than my laptop bag, they are almost like a huge bag itself.” Luo Feng was speechless. No wonder the 2 books alone took up half of the entire briefcase. He looked down to look at the covers. On it were the simple universe language words, Time Space Scribbles.

Simple words, yet they held within them the universe space itself.

“Hm?” With a glance, he felt himself getting drawn into the words themselves, almost as though he was staring at stars exploding, galaxies evolving etc.

After a second, Luo Feng awoke with a shock.

“Unbelievable.” Luo Feng started. “This, these two books sent over by the virtual universe system, they aren’t even the original copies and they can actually entice my consciousness already. The being that wrote Time Space Scribbles, is too terrifying.”

Luo Feng quickly opened the metal cover.

This 1st book was 40cm thick. However, it had 1,000s of pages. Even though they were metal pages, they were still thin and soft.

“There’s a total of 9 books for the entire manual, casually writing and creating a total of 10,829 techniques. If one can find all 10,829 techniques within, at least, you’ll be able to become a universe country leader, haha…” These simple words were on the 1st page. Strangely enough, it seemed like a voice of a brash and confident person resounded within Luo Feng’s ears.

“Hypnotism?” Luo Feng was suspicious, flipping to the 2nd page.

On the 2nd page, there were simple strokes. However, these strokes…in Luo Feng’s eyes, seemed to resonate with simple yet fierce blade work and strokes.

“Elegant.”

“Powerful.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but compliment, “The raindrop picture has but 9 simple wonders, and he’s able to create such simple yet powerful blade techniques.” Luo Feng who had long comprehended the 1st raindrop picture could swiftly see through these seemingly messy strokes and scribbles He was able to clearly feel the circumstance behind each stroke, clearly seeing the techniques.

And as he had already comprehended the raindrop pictures, he was immediately able to learn the technique.

Luo Feng flipped to the 3rd page.

On this page, a simple leaf was there. On it were simple brush strokes that formed the veins. In Luo Feng’s eyes however, he saw 9 spirit weapons in mid air forming one body, descending from above, surrounding and killing an enemy.

“Simple, fierce offense.”

“Using 8 weapons to affect the space, surrounding the enemy and killing him directly.” Luo Feng was completely shocked. “This is much stronger than the 9 thread loop I created. When I unleash the totem pillar, I can only rely on the Nan Shen Armament to get stronger.”

His own technique, the 9 thread loop obviously paled in comparison to the random techniques this absolute being had scribbled.

“Its wonderful.”

Luo Feng flipped to the 4th page, his eyes gleaming.

Metal pages of the book were flipped constantly. Every one of them held within different offensive attacks, all using the wonders of the raindrop picture. The simple rain drop picture, the absolute being had created wonderful and powerful techniques according to that one picture. Be it close combat, or a controller’s distant attacks, or hypnotism, or spirit attacks…

Many different techniques were all at his disposal.

As Luo Feng had fully comprehended the raindrop picture, just from simply looking at these techniques, he almost instantly comprehended all of them.

“It’s unbelievable.”

“Vicious.”

“Powerful.”

Luo Feng was like a starving beast flipping through page after page. He had never thought of such ways to unleash such techniques. It was simply like a heavenly horse flying, he couldn’t even imagine the mindset of that being. Also, the techniques were all exciting and absolute, yet they all still relied on the foundation of the raindrop picture.

These techniques were also a way to use the origin laws!

That absolute being, casually wrote 1,000s of ways to use the raindrop picture.

……

3 days later.

“Worth it, worth it!” When Luo Feng finished flipping through the last page of the 1st book, he couldn’t help but shout out excitedly.

Finishing the 1st book.

There were 3,219 techniques in that 1st book and Luo Feng had fully grasped them all.

“This was only 1,000 points, even if I had to buy it with 30,000 points, it’d still be worth it.” Luo Feng closed this book. He was excited, as in his mind the many techniques floated within. Right, that being had opened a window that wasn’t there before for him. It wasn’t just his comprehension of the 9 universe tablet that leveled up, it also spurred many new ideas on how to battle, and increased the amount of knowledge to a whole new level about many other things.

Chapter 484

er 484: Weakness

“The techniques can actually be used this way?”

“That great being, how did he even come up with so many techniques just from one rain drop picture?” Luo Feng placed the 1st book of Time space scribbles to one side and picked up the 2nd book. Opening the thick metal book, he once again jumped right into reading it.

Time Space scribbles 2nd book, it reflected the 9 universe tablet’s 2nd Drizzle picture.

In terms of deepness, this one was obviously more profound than the 1st one by hundreds to thousands of times. As Luo Feng had only comprehended just a bit of the 2nd picture, the techniques revealed within the many pages of this book felt extremely mysterious to him. These techniques were built from the Drizzle picture and it held within it, bits and pieces of the Drizzle picture. Some more so than others, some even incorporating the entire picture.

“So it’s this way!”

“So that’s it!”

“Ah!”

Luo Feng was completely immersed with reading this thick 2nd book. The 1st book’s 3,219 techniques, Luo Feng took a total of 3 days to learn all of them.

However, of the 2nd book’s 2,102 techniques, 2083 of them felt profound and incomprehensible to him. As for the other 19, he barely managed to forcefully comprehend them. As he drilled these into his mind, the drizzle picture of the 9 universe tablet slowly became clearer to him.

Many factories could disassemble machines and according to the way the deconstruction took place, one could later learn and figure out how to rebuild it.

1 theory.

Why were these techniques so valuable?

It was because each technique could grow and get more and more profound, eventually pointing towards the depths of the origin laws! Studying these techniques was actually beneficial to comprehend the laws! This was also why, in the universe, many people would risk everything to obtain valuable techniques. After all, the ones who could truly view the primal chaos tablets were extremely few and privileged.

Normal warriors would never even get a chance to see the 52 tablets!

……

Luo Feng took a deep breath and put down the thick book in his hands.

“Good book.”

“It really is a good book.” Luo Feng looked at the cover of the book. The words Time Space Scribbles alone could make one feel the evolution, the change of stars in space among other phenomenon. “If only they were a bit cheaper. The 3rd book is going to cost 100,000 points, where will I get so many points.”

The points were extremely hard to acquire.

“Babata, how long have I been studying?” Luo Feng placed the heavy book back into the shelf behind him, asking.

“The 1st book, you took 3 days. As for the 2nd book, you’ve been reading it for 29 days!” The little demon on his shoulder said.

“29 days?” Luo Feng nodded, after which he shook his head and laughed. “For the 1st book’s 3219 techniques, I took only 3 days to complete. But this 2nd book’s 19 techniques alone took me 29 days, and I still haven’t even fully grasped them yet.”

“How’s the effect?” Babata asked.

“It’s still ok.” Luo Feng smiled. “I’ve comprehended the 10th and 11th wonder.”

“Damn!” Babata’s eyes were almost popping out. “Luo Feng, you are too, too, shameless! This is called still ok?”

The raindrop picture held within 9 wonders.

The drizzle picture had 27 more profound wonders within.

The rainstorm picture held the final 72 most profound wonders.

A total of 108 wonders, these were the foundation of the space origin laws.

“I guess I’m also digesting everything I’ve learned from the past now.” Luo Feng said. “In primal chaos city, there were many fragments and pieces that I understood somewhat, but not fully comprehended. And now while diving into these techniques, many things that I was just about to fully understand, resonate with each other, allowing me to continuously study two wonders. The Floating Blood’s 108 techniques, I know 11 of them. Of course, the previous knowledge that I had, through the Time Space scribbles, has allowed me to have great benefits. However as it goes further, it won’t be that easy.”

The 1st time looking at Time Space Scribbles had the greatest enlightenment.

As one tried to comprehend more, it will only become harder..

Unless he managed to go study the primal chaos tablet again, however that was in primal chaos city. Moreover, a chance to go back in was extremely valuable.

“Ah.” Luo Feng suddenly stared, fiercely standing up and shouting. “I’ve been studying Time Space scribbles these past 32 days, that means I haven’t attended any classes at all these past 32 days? Damn, even the ones I liked I didn’t attend.” There were many classes in the absolute beginning region, however they were all optional.

Luo Feng didn’t care that much about the normal ones who gave lectures about space and techniques. Those undyings didn’t teach as well as his teacher did.

However!

The ones explaining the gold origin laws and space and gold fusion, these were the ones Luo Feng emphasized on. As his teacher True Yan Emperor was proficient in space, even though he had some comprehension of the gold origin laws, it couldn’t compare to those undyings who specialized in it.

“What’s the use of regretting?” The little demon laughed. “Here’s some good news, your favorite space and gold fusion class is on tonight.”

“Ah, then I’ll attend tonight!” Luo Feng nodded. “However I should go try out first to see just how much my strength has improved by.”

Luo Feng jumped out of the balcony from his study, leaving behind images as he arrived at his training grounds entrance.

……

Within the training grounds, the ground was shiny.

“Simulate Horned Dragon city.” Luo Feng ordered. With Babata’s help, the place immediately morphed into a large portion of a huge city.

The city was empty.

In a 9 storey normal building’s balcony, Luo Feng carried the dark golden long rod on his back and shouted, “Rise!”

Immediately from behind the long rod shot out little golden blades that covered the skies and land. The blurry images of these 1600 blades were like little spirits dancing and swiftly flying about. In mid air they swiftly began to extend golden threads infused with origin laws, and in the blink of an eye, they formed a golden totem…Totem pillar!

“Go!” Luo Feng pointed ahead at a bank skyscraper.

Rumble…

The totem pillar rolled and the space around it compressed. Its movement was almost like teleporting, within an instant it crossed several kilometers and immediately smashed into that skyscraper. The entire building shook from the impact and was reduced to dust. Simultaneously, the entire ground below the building also shook and the impact rippled in all directions, causing a large wave throughout.

Later, several kilometers around the epicenter were all reduced to nothing but dust.

“My strength control is still not precise.” Luo Feng stood in mid air, surveying the buildings that were reduced to dust below. Frowning, “I want to control my attack and condense it into 1 line, however it still rippled along the ground.”

“However!”

“According to the Time Space scribble’s over 3000 techniques that I’ve slightly tweaked and combined with my comprehension of the 10th and 11th wonder, the power of my totem pillar is obviously much stronger.” Luo Feng pointed far away, “Go!”

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The totem pillar was like a god punishing the land, crashing here and there. The moment it hit, that entire area would be reduced to dust.

“It may seem heavy but its light to control, I finally have this feeling.” Luo Feng was very satisfied. Studying Time Space scribbles was indeed a huge benefit, it actually made his Nan Shen Armament’s 4th level so much stronger, then what about the 5th?

“I’ll give it a shot!”

With a thought, the totem pillar first separated into countless gold lights returning to the golden long rod on his back.

“Rise!” Luo Feng roared and his eyes focused.

Immediately tens of thousands of little golden lights flew in all directions from his back. It was almost like a sun glaring in all directions, countless golden lights immediately followed a path and gathered, immediately forming 36 1 Chi long golden blades. The next thing to do was to combine all of these 36 blades into 1 dark golden long blade!

Nan Shen Armament 5th level, every blade was made of 81 little blades. When these 36 were added together, it would form a total of 2,916 little golden blades.

Luo Feng took a deep breath and watched the floating 36 blades, roaring, “Combine!”

Immediately the 36 blades combined together. Every one of them followed the complex golden engravings and shot out tens of thousands of golden thread. Every thread represented Luo Feng’s comprehension of the space and gold origin laws. Also while controlling so many blades individually, Luo Feng’s consciousness was like a quantum computer managing everything.

“Succeed, succeed, combine together.” Luo Feng’s forehead was filled with perspiration.

The blur of golden threads interweaved and formed between the 36 golden blades, finally forming a 3m long golden blade shape. However, there were still regions on that blade itself where it was shaking and unstable as the gold threads floated about and unable to fully combine.

“Combine, combine together.”

Luo Feng’s face was flushed red.

His consciousness and spirit energy were stretched to the limit, as they were controlling everything. However, the repulsion of those spots was strong.

“Peng!”

The dark long golden blade violently shook and dispersed.

“Phew.” Luo Feng sighed. Shaking his head, he immediately dispersed the 2,916 blurs of little golden blade lights and they returned to the dark golden long rod.

“If my spirit energy is domain lord level, then I can rely on it to force the combination.” Luo Feng thought. “If my comprehension of the gold origin laws was deeper, I would then be able to form it too.”

At the final point, him wanting to control the golden threads to combine perfectly, there were multiple spots that were unsuccessful. This was mainly due to his comprehension not being deep enough.

Nan Shen Armament was a spirit weapon that was created from the fusion of space and gold origin laws.

It was one of the 9 godly weapons.

Gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, light and thunder, these 8 were much easier to comprehend than space and time. Hence during the formation of the Nan Shen Armament, it emphasized more on the gold laws, and its requirement of the space laws was slightly lower.

“My space origin law comprehension is enough for the 5th level.”

“However, my gold origin law comprehension isn’t enough.” Luo Feng laughed helplessly.

Gold laws, in this aspect, Luo Feng’s study speed wasn’t slow at all.

Space laws, with the 9 universe tablet, floating blood and Time Space scribbles, along with True Yan’s instructions and the space pet Mosha clan studying, his studying speed was close to the gold origin law speed.

However!

In theory, the speed of his gold origin law study should far exceed the space study speed!

“After all, I did not have a teacher who specializes in gold to teach me.” Luo Feng thought, “Also, I haven’t studied any gold origin law techniques. From what I see, it’s time for the golden horned beast to pick a technique. That way, I can raise my improvement speed of the gold laws.”

“Inherited memories, the techniques within these memories were as vast as the ocean.”

“My golden horned beast, which technique should I choose?”


Chapter 485: Yi Ke

There were many battle techniques within the golden horned beast’s inherited memories. When Luo Feng and Babata were analyzing which was most suitable…it only took awhile before the night class was about to begin.

Absolute beginning region villa 1136, a silhouette rushed into the sky.

“This public class speaks about gold and space fusion, it’s not bad.” Luo Feng swiftly left the villa and headed towards the distant large skyscraper that could almost be deemed a large art work. At this time, a line of silhouettes were flying towards it and entering.

The entire building took up a few hundred kilometers in area. If placed on earth, it would be an unbelievable construct.

Classroom number 2, the size of this room was 80km long and 60km wide.

Scattered around the back of the room were 1,000 seats, the rest of the space was for the undying teacher to sit cross legged.

“Luo Feng.”

“Yi Ke.” Luo Feng smiled and waved at a skinny youth in scaled armor. This youth was bald and had bronze skin. He emitted a powerful fierce aura. He was one of the few friends Luo Feng had in the absolute beginning region.

Following which Luo Feng sat beside that youth.

“I haven’t seen you this past month.” Yi Ke smiled. “Usually during these gold space fusion and gold classes you’d attend. There’s been close to 10 classes this month already and I haven’t seen you around at all. I even sent you calls, but it was cut off?”

“I was studying some techniques, I got immersed and forgot to attend.” Luo Feng laughed.

Yi Ke, domain lord level, absolute beginning member!

As he would attend every gold class, along with the gold and space fusion classes, Luo Feng had met him numerous times and became friends.

“Immersed in it?” Yi Ke blinked. “I guess your rewards aren’t small then.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Congrats, haha.” Yi Ke laughed loudly, following which he said softly, “However my brother, I estimate my own rewards too aren’t small.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“You know, I control quite a bit of authority now. Occasionally I would meet some unexpected surprises.” Yi Ke’s eyes had a sense of anticipation within. “I hope this time around, I will succeed. The moment I do…”

“Good for you, you have such authority outside. However, we are still stuck training within.” Luo Feng shook his head.

Virtual Universe Company, their nurture for the core members had different levels.

The top 1,000 of the genius battles were immediately sent to train in primal chaos city for 30 years to lock in their foundation.

Universe level core members were to train in the Virtual Universe Company’s 4 secret regions, safely listening to undying lessons, and to train and take on missions.

Domain lord level members would command bodyguard teams, going to a particular universe country to control the territory. According to Luo Feng…that would be akin to going to the border and acting as a governor. This was truly the beginning of interactions with affairs of the universe. It was considered leaving the safety of the Virtual Universe Company, as everything was to be decided on one’s own.

Sector lord members were placed in even more dangerous situations. They were going to explore the universe itself, and were even sent to the terrifying external battlefield where the strong were like minced meat Sometimes, they were also sent to the even more dangerous universe secret regions…

“Value your chance.”

Yi Ke sighed. “Luo Feng, you are currently still universe level, you can safely stay under the protection of the Virtual Universe Company to train and take missions within a controlled area. When you reach domain lord level and get placed in a universe country, controlling a large territory, that’s when your true grueling training begins. That’s truly dangerous. Especially at sector lord level, where you are not even allowed to bring your guard team, you’ll go through many life and death situations then.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Universe level was considered a child that required nurturing.

Domain lord was considered youths, who were able to explore outside.

Sector lords were considered adults, who were beginning their life or death struggles. If successful, they would reach the undying level. It was a pity that the efficiency rate was very very low.

……

Within classroom 2, more absolute beginning members entered, there were already more than 100.

While Luo Feng and Yi Ke sat together and chatted, another golden bearded dwarf walked over, smiling, “Yi Ke, Yi Ke, this person beside you should be Luo Feng right.”

“Za Ji Wu?” Yi Ke glanced at him.

The dwarf smiled at Luo Feng. “How do you do? I’m Za Ji Wu, similar to Yi Ke I am in the domain lord level. I have heard of you before and I’ve always wanted to meet you. However, there hadn’t been a chance until now.”

“How do you do.” Luo Feng smiled and waved.

“Luo Feng, Za Ji Wu this punk is crafty, but he’s still not bad. I’ve known him for over a thousand years.” Yi Ke introduced.

“Luo Feng.” Za Ji Wu rubbed his golden beard. Sitting beside them, he said softly, “I heard that during your 1st time in primal chaos city, you passed 5 levels of the heavenly bridge in 30 years?”

“Right.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Powerful indeed, respect.” Za Ji Wu nodded.

“Zi Ji Wu, speak what’s on your mind.” Yi Ke frowned.

Zi Ji Wu said softly, “Luo Feng I want to discuss something with you.”

“Hm?” Luo Feng frowned.

“I want to exchange for some things in the virtual universe treasure trove. However, I don’t have enough points.” Za Ji Wu shook his head. “I hope…Luo Feng you can help me exchange for them. And when that happens I’ll use cash to buy them from you. Depending on how many points you use, I’m willing to exchange 1 mixed element for every 5 points spent.”

“If you use 1,000 points, I’ll give you 200 mixed elements.” Zi Ji Wu said, “You should know…this is a good deal.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Every 5 points he spent he would receive 1 mixed element?

This price was not bad. According to the prices of the treasures within the trove, from what Luo Feng calculated, about 7 to 8 points equated to 1 mixed element.

“Go away.” Yi Ke pushed Za Ji Wu away. “Get away, you bastard, actually trying to swindle my friend.”

“It’s not considered swindling. He passed 5 levels, with the ten times reward that’s 31k points, and he has no need for them now. Also, the price I offered him is quite high.” Za Ji Wu said. Yi Ke frowned and said, “Alright, with your little calculations, you think I wouldn’t know? I will not stop you. But, I will speak directly to Luo Feng about this and explain certain things to him. If he then still wishes to deal with you, I won’t bother with your deals anymore.”

“What’s going on?” Luo Feng was curious.

“Speak.” Za Ji Wu seemed unhappy, almost like a gangster.

“Luo Feng.” Yi Ke said softly, “Right now when you exchange for items you’ll discover 1 mixed element equates to about 7 or 8 points right?”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“But let me tell you, the things within the treasure trove can only use points. Core members under the undying level, they can only rely on the heavenly bridge, Fantasy ocean, undying altar and taking on missions to acquire points. The points are extremely valuable.” Yi Ke emphasized, “Of course, you still think…as long as you have money, you can buy these treasures in the real world right?”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but nod.

Right.

With enough money, he could buy any treasure within the auctions.

“You are wrong.” Yi Ke shook his head. “The auctions are separated into basic, mid and high level. Universe country auctions are all basic level and the lowest requirement is a 3 star client. The high level auctions however require at least a 5 star client! Simply preparing for it requires many years. Hence it takes very very long before a high level auction occurs. And within these auctions…you won’t necessarily get what you want!”

“However, the treasure trove is different! Everything you need is available there.”

“A few high level items, are rarely seen even in the high level auctions, because the 5 major powers do not wish to circulate these extremely rare items.” Yi Ke said, “However, all these items are usually available in the treasure trove.”

“The further you get, the more obvious the importance of the treasure trove becomes.”

“However, exchanging for items in the treasure trove relies solely on points.” Yi Ke sighed, “And the points are hard to acquire. Anyone under undying level cannot use money to exchange for points. And after becoming undying…only then can one use money to exchange for points. The rule for undyings of the Virtual Universe Company is…1 mixed element for 1 point!”

Luo Feng was shocked.

“I’ve said what I needed to, you make your own choices.” Yi Ke said.

“Yi Ke is right.” Beside, the gold bearded dwarf nodded. “A few rare items can’t be bought at all outside. Hence the points are extremely valuable! However, Luo Feng you are currently only universe level, the things you need can be bought outside as well. You have no need to waste your points. If you help me buy them, I’ll give you cash…5 points for 1 mixed element. It’s very worth it.”

Luo Feng laughed.

……

Yi Ke watched as Za Ji Wu left unwillingly. Laughing, “Luo Feng, I was worried you’d agree.”

“I was never going to deal with him.” Luo Feng smiled.

What a joke!

Simply buying the 3 books of the Time Space scribbles required 100,000 points. He was still worrying about how to get points, why would he help someone else buy things using his points.

“That’s right, you are considered powerful. 1st time in primal chaos city and completing 5 levels, one has to know the 10x reward is only for the 1st time.” Yi Ke shook his head. “The 31,000 points you have with the initial 10,000 award. It may seem like points are easy to acquire, but you’ll see later on.”

Luo Feng listened intently.

Yi Ke was after all a domain lord. His accumulated experience was much more.

“I have an assisting metal life form Kale.” Yi Ke shook his head. “This life form can form armor, form weapons, and even fuse with a ship… it’s an excellent helping hand. In order to nurture this Kale and make it evolve to domain lord was easy. However, to sector lord level, the materials required alone cost 86 thousand points. I can only look at it and let my head ache. And after reaching sector lord level…the amount to be spent on Kale alone would get even more shocking. As for it to become an undying, I don’t even dare to imagine the number of points required for the materials now.”

Luo Feng thought.

Yi Ke had the metal life form. He himself had the plant life form cloud contact vine. Right now it was already domain lord level 2. Back when it was breaking through from universe level 9 to domain lord, it cost him 1 life fruit.

“Babata, the cloud contact vine’s breakthrough and evolution to sector lord, how many points do I have to spend?”

“And the breakthrough to undying?” Luo Feng asked.

“According to the process of how the Yun Mo master nurtured his cloud contact vine from domain lord level 9 to sector lord, it requires many treasures and combinations. So, that would amount to about 120,000 points. As for sector lord level 9 to undying…this is the hardest breakthrough. Humans breaking through to undying is already unbelievable. To help the cloud contact vine…according to how much he spent back then, it would require about 6.2 million mixed elements, plus luck. Afterall, to actually breakthrough the shackles of life itself to become undying, there’s no 100% guarantee!”


Chapter 486: Undying Altar

“6.2 million mixed elements and luck?” A huge wave crashed within Luo Fengs heart. 6.2 million mixed elements! what a terrifying amount that was? The entire Black Dragon Mountain star field alone was only worth about 300,000 to one million mixed elements.

“Back then, your teacher had to break out his entire fortune to make it successfuly! When the cloud contact vine reached the undying level, it was extremely powerful. It was even more powerful than normal human undyings. When your teacher had it, it was almost like his power had doubled. Even if others were stronger than your teacher, they would find it extremely hard to kill him.” Babata said.

Very hard to kill?

Didn’t he get killed in the end anyway? Luo Feng thought.

“Points, points.” Luo Feng was nervous.

The amount needed to be a accumulated wasn’t easy to complete.

Breaking through however was very difficult. To nurture a cloud contact vine up to the sector lord level…the price alone gave him a headache, as it would require about 120k points in total.

“Buying the Time Space scribbles requires points, nurturing the cloud contact vine requires points, repairing the Yun Mo Planet ship requires points, and on top of that they all need such huge amounts of it.” Luo Feng thought, “At least currently my stress level still isn’t that elevated.”

……

Luo Feng had barely enough point to use at the moment. He didn’t need to nurture the cloud contact vine or repair the ship yet.

“Teacher!”

Within classroom 2, over a 100 absolute beginning members bowed respectfully.

“Hm.” A 30m tall demon god undying walked into the room. His entire body was almost like metal, with 3 horns on his head. With a rumble, “Gold, as strong as the sun and iron, it’s sturdy, unstoppable! Space holds within it all sorts of things and their energies. When time stops space is all that is in the universe!”

Silence.

This undying didn’t allow anyone to speak at all during his classes, and he would always start the classes with those symbolic words about gold like the sun, space encompassing everything! This violent tempered and wild being with a weird temperament, still had many members that enjoyed his lessons.

This undying explained to the class. With a wave of his hand, origin laws could be seen floating in its path.

“It’s that way.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng carefully listened, occasionally realizing something important, sometimes nodding and at other times frowning.

After a while…

The class ended.

Luo Feng turned and was taken aback. Yi Ke who was beside him had suddenly vanished.

“Ah? Usually even if he leaves the virtual universe, he would say goodbye.” Luo Feng was curious, “It’s weird that he left halfway?” At this time, Luo Feng tried to call Yi Ke, however…

“It’s cut off?”

Luo Feng smiled, “Must be something important.”

The call denial service was normal and regularly seen. Usually while one was studying, training or on a mission…they couldn’t be distracted. Hence, they would choose to cut off all contact from the virtual universe network. There was of course one more possibility and that was death. The moment one dies, the AIs and quantum computers would be unable to go online, naturally not allowing any calls.

After finishing the lesson, Luo Feng didn’t rush to choose a technique from the golden horned beast. He decided to head to the undying altar and Fantasy ocean to give it a shot.

“Points!”

“Right now I require 100s of thousands of points, and i would even need more in the future.” Luo Feng was worried. “How do I get more points? Just from the heavenly bridge won’t be enough at all.” From what the two domain lords Yi Ke and Za Ji wu had said, Luo Feng was able to deduce that the points would get more valuable later on. Even undying would use money to exchange for points.

Because, the Virtual Universe Company’s treasure trove only allowed exchanges for points.

“First I’ll hit the undying altar and fantasy ocean to take a look.”

……

Core members could easily enter any of the 3 places, heavenly bridge, undying altar and fantasy ocean.

Undying altar.

A black endless mountain range and on each of the peaks there was a golden altar. With one look, one could see that on the tens of thousands of peaks there were similarly tens of thousands of golden altars.

Shua!

A black haired youth appeared in one of the golden altars.

“Hm?” Luo Feng appeared before the altar, feeling somewhat uncomfortable. “I can’t feel the universe origin law ripples. I can’t feel the energies from the outside world too, the genetic energy within is gone too, and my spirit energy has been reduced to a bare minimum as well.”

Peculiar, it was a very uncomfortable feeling!

Losing his genetic energy, spirit energy, all the ripples of the origin laws…everything was gone.

The only thing that remained was his physical body strength!

“Purely testing my strength.”

“Undying altar!” Luo Feng looked up. This altar had a total of 99 points. Right at the top was the 100 point mark. “Only when one’s body exertion reaches 100 points will one have perfect control over their body.”

Standing on the altar, he swiftly reached the stand.

On the stand was a human shaped target. Beside it was a screen with the words, which, when translated into mandarin read, “Within 1 second, please use your fists, elbows, head, knees and feet separately to attack the target. According to the lowest attack, we will determine your strength.”

“5 attacks?” Luo Feng was stunned.

He originally thought it would be like earth’s measurement, where just 1 punch would do.

He didn’t expect that he had to do 5 attacks separately with these body parts all within 1 second.

“Let’s give it a shot.” Luo Feng started to wiggle his muscles and bones.

“Pa!” He attacked the target.

Rumble! His leg swished through the air.

“Hm.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, immediately attacking the target before him.

In an instant Luo Feng’s body became like a circular movement. His fists were like a mythical beast punching strongly against the target’s head, 1 attack!

After which he bent his body and condensed his energy, violently kicking the chest of the target, causing it to cave in slightly, 2nd attack!

The moment he landed, he once again fiercely jumped up and raised his knee to smash into the target’s stomach, exploding with energy, 3rd attack!

After which he arced his body and almost like a large bow, slapping backwards and smashing his forehead into the target’s chest, 4th attack!

After which his entire body jumped up and with a right twist, his muscles seemed to condense into knots and released all his energy into his right elbow, smashing hard into the target, 5th attack complete!

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked at the screen.

The numbers that appeared…

“31, 28, 36, 29, 35, score 28, points awarded 0.”

“My exertion is only 28 times?” Luo Feng shook his head.

Back on earth, that 9 level thunder blade’s highest level was only 7 times. Of course the current Luo Feng’s perspective was completely different. He could easily create thousands of techniques better than the 9 level thunder blade, just like how the creator of the 9 universe tablet could write so many techniques in Time Space Scribbles.

“In 1 second, use 5 portions of your body to attack, the lowest score will be your score.”

“Hm, the requirements are harsh.”

After trying that one time, Luo Feng understood why, “In a short amount of time to use all these parts to reach 100 points, that would mean one should have perfect control of his body.”

“Again!”

5 continuous attacks, 5 results again, “35, 30, 36, 29, 35, score 29, points awarded 0.”

“Again!”

Score 28.

“Again.”

Score 30.

……

Time and again, he tried non stop over hundreds of times. His best score was only 32, and the lowest was at 26. Ultimately, he still got 0 points!

Passing the heavenly bridge, fantasy ocean and undying altar could help one get points.

However they had different rules.

The 9 universe heavenly bridge had a total of 27 levels. The 1st level gave 100 points, 2nd 200, 3rd 400…and they compounded on, each giving twice the amount of the last level before.

The fantasy ocean had many islands. From the outermost island, as one was heading inwards deeper into fantasy ocean islands, the hypnotism and mental pressure would get increasingly terrifying. The point system was similar to the heavenly bridge.

From outside going in, there were a total of 21 islands.

The 1st gave 100 points, 2nd 200, 3rd 400…it compounded on, the deepest of the fantasy ocean being island 21.

……

Even undyings and the knights would attempt fantasy ocean and heavenly bridge as they yielded high points.

However the undying altar was different.

Perfect control of one’s entire body was a prerequisite to becoming undying. Hence the points given were the lowest of the 3.

If one got a score of 50, he would be awarded 1,000 points.

Score of 60, 2,000 points.

Score of 70, 4,000 points.

Score of 80, 8,000 points.

Score of 90, 16,000 points.

Score of 100, 50,000 points.

But for a score below 50, 0 points.

……

“My strength usage is so weak?” In that particular altar amidst the tens of thousands of golden altars on the black mountain range, Luo Feng tried over and over. He tried for a total of tens of thousands of times. Even after using one entire day, his best score was still only 34.

He couldn’t blame anybody.

Firstly he was a spirit reader, he never really trained using his strength that way.

Even though the Mosha clan was proficient in close combat, it was after all an energy life form. It didn’t rely on muscles or bones to unleash its strength, it didn’t even have a strength per se, hence it couldn’t train in this aspect.

As for the golden horned beast, it was a blood and flesh life form, and it did emphasize on strength exertion!

However!

These many years, the golden horned beast had been specializing in Absolute space and Deities of the world. The rest of it’s time was spent studying the gold origin laws. It never actually trained in any battle techniques. However, its body make up was naturally gifted in strength exertion. Even if it didn’t specially studied it, it could still reach about 60 or 70 points.

Human body’s strength usage however was harder.

For Luo Feng to reach 34 points, that was still mostly because of his strong consciousness and his comprehension of the origin laws.

“How shameful, I actually got 0 points.” Luo Feng thought. “When I return, I have to find a battle technique for the golden horned beast that emphasizes on strength exertion. Strength exertion is one of the requirements to become undying, I cannot overlook it.”

“Hm, so what if I can’t get any points from the undying altar, I’ll head to fantasy ocean next.”

“My consciousness and willpower is what I’m the most confident in.”

“Fantasy ocean, I have to go deeper and get more points.” Luo Feng immediately headed towards fantasy ocean.

Suddenly…

“Hm, mail?”

Luo Feng pointed in mid air and a screen appeared, and on it was a mail. “It’s from the Virtual Universe Company?”

Di!

Luo Feng opened the mail and as he read, his entire face went completely pale.

“That’s not possible, it’s impossible.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but shake his head.


Chapter 487: Heart like a Mirror, Heart like a Blade

“How can this be?”

“How can this be?” Luo Feng looked at the contents of the mail and shook his head. “Yi Ke, Big brother Yi Ke is dead?”

This was a mail that had been sent to all members of the absolute beginning region. As there were very few members, with a total of 1,100 of them, they were all considered absolute geniuses amongst the universe countries. Over 10,000 years, the absolute beginning area had only absorbed less than 20 people. Every one of them were considered valuable.

Everytime one fell, they would send a reminder to inform all the members.

“Yi Ke…” Luo Feng’s body trembled and his eyes were filled with shock.

Right.

During yesterdays public lesson, without him noticing Yi Ke’s consciousness had left the virtual universe network. Even his own call request didn’t go through. Back then he still thought Yi Ke had a sudden inspiration or was looking for treasure etc. But from the looks of it now, Yi Ke may have met with misfortune back then.

“This Big brother Yi Ke was a huge figure sent by the Virtual Universe Company to control a large territory. How did he just die? Even if he left the safety net of the Virtual Universe Company, meeting many events outside, he was still after all a core member of the company. How could he just get killed like that?” Luo Feng couldn’t believe it.

Scenes appeared and flashed in his mind.

“You again? I noticed you during the last two classes. What a coincidence.” An intrepid youth dressed in scaled armor walked over and laughed as he shouted.

“What a coincidence.” Luo Feng laughed as well. “I’m Luo Feng.”

“I’m Yi Ke.”

……

“Let me tell you, when the Virtual Universe Company sends their domain lords out, they’ll put them in their own home universe country. When I return this time…I’ll control a large territory. The feeling will definitely be different. My clansman’s position too have since risen because of this. No one dares to ever bully my Copper Flame clan anymore.” Yi Ke was proud.

“My home earth is the same. When I entered the Virtual Universe Company’s core, the people of earth’s statuses rose greatly in the Black Dragon Mountain starfield.” Luo Feng laughed too.

“Hm, if there’s a strong warrior in the clan, the others will rise in status. However if we fall, their status will fall greatly too.” Yi Ke’s eyes stared. “However, I will definitely work hard to become undying, definitely!”

“We’ll work hard together.” Luo Feng’s eyes too were filled with anticipation and fighting spirit.

……

“Luo Feng, you are currently still at the universe level. You can safely stay under the protection of the Virtual Universe Company to train and take missions, everything within a controlled area. When you reach domain lord level and get placed in a universe country, controlling a large territory, that’s when your true grueling training will begin. That’s when it will truly become dangerous. Especially at sector lord level, where you are not even allowed to bring your guard team, you’ll go through life or death training then.”

……

Different scenes appeared in Luo Feng’s mind.

He hadn’t known Yi Ke for too long, but the two of them did have an affinity, maybe its because of their many similarities.

“The path to undying is extremely tough…”Luo Feng muttered, looking at the screen before him.

On it the text read.

“To all absolute beginning members in Yu Xiang Mountain:

Our virtual universe just confirmed that Yi Ke, an absolute beginning member, one that had been exceptional since the genius battle has… fallen!

This is a very heartbreaking news.

The absolute beginning region absorbs members through the genius battle and the absolute warriors battle. Every 10,000 years, we absorb less than 20 people. However, as time flows, every hundred to thousand years, someone will fall. One after another, the geniuses will continue to fall. Eventually, extremely few members will pass the road to become an undying.

95%!

A terrifying number!

This is the mortality rate of our absolute beginning region. 95% of the members from the absolute beginning region will fall!

Yes!

Right now, there were 1137 members living in the region. About 95% of them will fall along the way to becoming undying, and only 5% will reach the end and become undying!

I hope that all living members will be extra careful. Listening to classes? Training? Missions? Placed in their own universe countries? Sector lord missions? Our virtual universe has given you all very huge liberties and power. The path is the one thing that you choose for yourself. The danger level too will be decided by you, and you’ll bear the consequence for everything!

I only hope that in the future, you all don’t regret the decisions you made in the face of death!

……

Virtual Universe Company”

One mail, all the living 1137 absolute beginning members received it. The entire region seemed to have a heavy aura hanging over it.

……

Absolute beginning region, Manka prince Wuka’s villa, living room.

Luo Feng, Rong Jun, Ai Chen, Ao Pa Te La, Wuka, Jiang Mo, Qian Shui, Lancelot. The absolute beginning members from the latest genius battle sat together unlike ever before. They usually formed their own little cliques, like Luo Feng, Rong Jun and Wuka.

Ao Pa Te La, Lancelot were close, Ai Chen, Jiang Mo and Qian Shui were close.

However at this time…

The 8 of them sat around the living room in silence.

“95%, 95% of us will fall.” Lancelot, a devilishly handsome youth muttered. “The moment I think about the many geniuses falling and imagining the currently bustling absolute beginning region becoming a cemetery, I feel shock and fear. I can’t help but feel a chill.”

Silence.

The air in the living room seemed stiff. There was heavy pressure, everyone could feel this pressure.

95%!

This number had completely shocked the newcomers.

Luo Feng felt a chill.

“These days I’ve been training, listening to classes, simulation in the training grounds, studying Time Space scribbles, immersed in study. Teacher personally reminded me to go take on missions, to study and experience reality simultaneously, yet I never took it seriously.” Luo Feng’s eyes were cold. “30 years of a safe life has numbed me. A true warrior can only be born from grueling hardship. Just like how it takes 100 years to temper iron, experiencing many life or death instances, only then can a true warrior be made.”

……

Silence.

The 8 sat there, thinking about many things.

Hu!

Luo Feng stood up, the other 7 all looked over.

“Since we are walking this path, unless we choose to back out and return to our safe lives, we can only push forward. If we fall, we’ll stand back up. We’ll recover from heavy injuries and only death will end everything!” Luo Feng’s eyes were cold. “The path to undying isn’t something everyone can walk!”

Luo Feng immediately turned and walked out, flying into the sky and vanishing.

The other 7 were stunned.

Hu!

Rong Jun stood up and said solemnly, “Luo Feng is right. The path to undying isn’t something anyone can just walk. Without the right heart, it’s better to just give up.” After which he turned and left too.

“Haha, good. Isn’t it just a battle. Haha, the people of Manka are people that love battles.” Wuka too stood up and laughed loudly. However his laugh had a sense of pressure and coldness.

“Go.” Jiang Mo stood up.

“Hm.” Qian Shui followed her big brother and left.

Yi Ke’s death had given the members of the absolute beginning region a huge wake up call, and the ones that were truly awoken were Luo Feng and the other 7. They didn’t even seem to sense any danger from before.

“Training mission.” Rong Jun sat in his study. He opened the screen and looked carefully. “Safe level, normal, difficult, dangerous, impossible? This is the 1st time i’m taking a mission. Without any danger there won’t be any effect. I can still choose the level now, in the future I won’t even get a choice. However, the 1st time shouldn’t be too dangerous, after all I have no experience.”

“Difficult level!”

Rong Jun opened the difficult level and chose the mission.

……

Fantasy ocean.

Rumble, a black ocean roared. The waves rose as high as 10m, crashing over and over into the Cliffside.

Luo Feng stood above the cliff, looking at the endless fantasy ocean.

“For a strong warrior, other than talent, comprehension, hardwork, resources and techniques, the most important thing is his heart!” Luo Feng looked far ahead. “With a heart like a blade and strong willpower, for the route ahead, any obstruction will be nothing but a joke! Progressing forward, with a heart of respect and nothing to fear!”

“Heart cold as a mirror, able to see clearly through everything.”

“Heart like a blade, able to cut through obstructions.”

Luo Feng’s eyes were cold. With a rumble he became a beam of light and headed towards the 1st island of the fantasy ocean.

……

His heart was cold like a mirror. This was the state that Luo Feng had reached long ago in spirit, in any circumstance or situation, he could maintain absolute calm and coldness.

And 30 years of quiet study.

The death of a good friend, it made him roar!

It made him reflect on himself, seeing clearly what he was, his willpower and heart were both like a blade!

Heart like a mirror, this was where the heart had reached an absolute level of strength.

Heart like a blade, was another aspect altogether.

Hong and Thunder god both focused heavily on the spirit training. These two had long reached a perfect level of the heart. Their mental state had long reached the pinnacle of chinese culture level. Chasing after their ancestors, they had many methods of training and finally reached perfection.

Maybe in other aspects they were weaker, however in mental state alone, these two could be considered at the pinnacle in the universe.

And Luo Feng too could achieve this state. He was probably only weaker than the other two by a little.

……

Primal chaos city.

A group was listening to True Yan emperor’s class, Luo Feng was one of them.

“With just this level of illusion and you want to affect me? My heart is like a mirror, I see through all the haze! My heart is like a blade, I cut through all the illusions! Break! Break! Break!” Luo Feng’s consciousness was like lightning, roaring and shaking the skies. The land and skies crumbled and the illusion broke, revealing the original island scenery. It was a white sandy island and on it were trees and plants, which looked silent and beautiful.

And Luo Feng stood on the beach of the island.

In the distant ocean, there was darkness.

In the distance, a white shade floated and appeared. Another deeper island had appeared, only after passing the 1st level would the next island appear.

“I really wish to see what kind of illusion can stop me!” Luo Feng rushed into the sky, becoming a beam of light and heading towards the 6th island.

Right, Luo Feng had just passed 5 islands of the fantasy ocean continuously.

5 islands, they hardly even affected Luo Feng!


Chapter 488: Fantasy Ocean

At the deepest parts of fantasy ocean, within the 21st island, sat a golden armored, black scaled old man. He was the manager of the fantasy ocean.

“Hm?” The old man with a face full of black scales opened his eyes and gazed far away. With a dazed look, he said “A universe level 9 punk is actually passing the 7th island so easily? Even many sector lords can’t pass this island, yet he is passing it that easily.”

Looking at his details. “Hm, Luo Feng. True Yan emperor’s disciple?”

“True Yan is good at teaching disciples. However, consciousness and will power cannot be taught. Let’s see how many islands this pink can pass. If he passes the 9th island, then that’s impressive. Even many pinnacle of sector lords cannot pass that.” The black scaled old man smiled. He looked into space and watched Luo Feng’s progress through the fantasy ocean.

After a while.

“He passed the 8th island?” The black scaled old man’s eyes were filled with shock. With a swoosh he stood up, “He really passed the 8th?”

Fantasy island’s 21 islands was actually very similar to passing the 21 levels of the heavenly bridge.

However…

Consciousness and willpower were from within and were hard to train. A student level punk, in terms of willpower alone may not be weaker than a sector lord! Of Course, consciousness strength would be much weaker, however just willpower alone was hard to gauge! However the fantasy island alone tested both of them and not just willpower.

“His consciousness strength definitely cannot compare to a pinnacle sector lord.” The black scaled man’s eyes were filled with shock, saying solemnly, “It’s extremely tiring for him in fantasy island, but obviously his willpower has compensated quite a bit for that.”

“His willpower is sturdy!”

“His determination and willpower is immovable! Actually, they are even stronger than the pinnacle of sector lords!”

“9th island!” The black scaled old man’s eyes were nervous. “9th island was named as one of the limits of a sector lord. Very few sector lords can pass this. This Luo Feng…a universe level 9 punk… how can he possibly pass this. It’s impossible.”

9th island, the mountain rocks and sand were all white.

The trees and plants were lush in this island. Luo Feng stood at the peak of the island’s 300m to 400m tall mountain. His body upright, eyes cold, gaze like a blade, there wasn’t any hint of worry or hesitation. Within a few seconds, the illusion and pressure began to completely engulf Luo Feng!

“Rumble!”

Luo Feng felt as though a large mountain had just crashed on his consciousness. This was purely the consciousness strength alone. Even for many sector lord pinnacle warriors, their consciousness would immediately be knocked and they would feel dizzy. In that blurry state, one would unwittingly fall into the illusion and lose. Just like how some strong willed people of earth would never sign their life or property away. However, after a few punches, kicks in that weary state, they wouldn’t even know if they end up actually submitting and signing the papers.

One theory.

First heavily damage the consciousness! Once one was in a blurry state, unleash the illusion!

“Rumble…”Almost like a mountain crashing on his consciousness. Luo Feng immediately felt the tremor. He saw the land started to swirl in front of him, as he started to feel dizzy.

“Heart like a blade!”

“Gather!”

His consciousness let out a roar. His state of mind which was in a state close to desperation immediately reconstructed and his mind was clear again.

Willpower was the general!

Consciousness was the soldier!

The strength of one’s consciousness included one’s spirit energy, mental strength and so on. As one’s strength grew, it would naturally grow. For example, if a sector lord released his spirit pressure, he could easily kill a star traveller or star level. Even if his willpower was normal, his immeasurable strength was simply too much.

Luo Feng’s consciousness strength was the golden horned beast domain lord level 6!

The golden horned beast was much stronger than the same level humans. It was comparable to a domain lord level 9 or even a sector lord level 1 human!

Luo Feng’s consciousness strength had already reached the pinnacle of domain lords.

Right now, he was under the attack of a sector lord pinnacle pressure. Luckily, his willpower was incredibly sturdy. With a powerful general, his consciousness solidified. He could withstand the attack and not crumble! If his consciousness level was at the universe level, he would have instantly crumbled.

If the soldier is too weak, no matter how strong the general was, it was still useless.

Since the soldier wasn’t too weak, and the general was extremely strong, he still stood a chance!

“Luo Feng, Little Hai battled with someone at the Ganwu Dojo and was killed by his bodyguards!” The scene changed and while Luo Feng’s consciousness was hit, he fell into the illusion. Xu Xin’s expression was filled with worry as she shouted, that illusion even invaded his memories, attempting to meld with it.

“What, Little Hai…” Luo Feng was shocked.

Heart as cold as a mirror, even when a few specks of dust fell, the mirror would still reflect clearly. Luo Feng immediately felt unsettled after being affected by the illusion.

“The illusion is afterall just an illusion, break!” Luo Feng’s consciousness solidified and immediately broke through the obstruction, cutting and slicing through the skies. However, this caused the illusionary world to only slightly tremble This slight tremble alone made Luo Feng smile coldly. His consciousness was like a blade, as quick as lightning, it produced tens of millions of blades!”

Rumble…it immediately caused the illusionary world to produce an unstable tear. After which it crumbled and the surroundings revealed the scene of the 9th island once again. In the distance a blur of white appeared, the 10th island.

“10th island.” Luo Feng immediately flew over.

……

The black scaled old man who was located at the deepest parts of Fantasy ocean, in that 21st island, revealed a look of shock. “What strong consciousness and terrifying willpower. It’s been extremely long since I’ve seen such willpower. With such willpower, if he doesn’t reach the end of his life span and fall, he would become an absolute warrior.”

To actually enter and attempt fantasy ocean, it represented one’s talents were extremely high.

With high talents and exceptional nurturing, an absolute genius with incomparable willpower usually only had two paths. Failing at the end or becoming an absolute warrior!

“In the past, Bolan only made it to the 7th island before failing, and Rong Jun failed at the 6th. These two already had terrifying willpower. But this Luo Feng…” The black scaled old man choked and cleared his throat. “This level of terrifying willpower will be very helpful during dangerous life or death situations. As long as there’s a thread of survival, unless he meets with an impossible situation, he’ll definitely become an absolute warrior!”

“This news, I have to inform the higher ups immediately.” The black scaled old man’s expression was serious.

There more valuable one was, the more the Virtual Universe Company would pay attention to them.

Creating the heavenly bridge, fantasy ocean and undying altar, all these were to pick out the most exceptional of geniuses! The undying altar was the least emphasized of the three, mainly because almost all of the pinnacle sector lords could reach perfection in control of their bodies. As for the heavenly bridge and fantasy ocean, many undyings and even universe country leaders would still attempt them.

Hence, the heavenly bridge and fantasy ocean were more heavily emphasized!

……

10th island.

Luo Feng’s gaze focused and his consciousness condensed, like a mirror and blade, it was incredibly sturdy.

The 10th island’s illusion was accompanied by a terrifying amount of pressure.

“Rumble!”

Almost like the skies crumbling down on him, the pressure smashed into his consciousness. Within an instant, Luo Feng’s consciousness crumbled.

10th island was a failure!

No matter how strong one’s willpower was, against a normal undying’s consciousness strength, it was like an ant being squashed into nothing!

An excellent general can control 10,000 soldiers to move. With a bit of strategy, these soldiers can be controlled just like the extension of one’s arm, finally killing the enemy general and their million strong army while protecting their own.

However, if the enemy had over a hundred million soldiers, which covered the land and skies, almost like an endless ocean…that same general, no matter how exceptional he was, he would still die without a doubt.

……

Fantasy island core island 21.

The black scaled old man wrote a letter seriously, sending the detailed news of Luo Feng’s progress and emphasizing heavily on how his willpower was terrifyingly strong.

“Hu!” The black scaled old man finally relaxed after sending it out.

“Following the old rules, I’ll inform True Yan Emperor and Jade emperor.” The black scaled man wrote a simpler version of the report and sent it to these two.

According to the rules, Luo Feng would eventually become an underling of 9 blade knight.

Hence, the details of his growth had to be constantly recorded and sent to Jade Emperor, who was under 9 blade knight and in charge of such management.

And True Yan Emperor was Luo Feng’s teacher. He had specially requested the black scaled old man to send progress about Luo Feng to him..

The black scaled old man gazed into the distant space, saying softly, “Even against tough situations, troubles, difficulties, big enemies and so on, one’s willpower can’t be that terrifying! And the greater the hatred, even though one’s willpower will be strong, they will become easily susceptible to illusions.”

“Such a terrifyingly sturdy willpower, only through special circumstance and situations can it be produced.” The black scaled old man exclaimed.

Indeed!

For Luo Feng to reach this step, he had indeed met with special circumstances.

First reason was that he had been driven since young to become a warrior and often battle in life or death battles.

Second reason was that he had sacrificed his life during the swallowing beast incident. However, the possession was successful. The feeling of such rebirth seemed to have changed his willpower tremendously.

The third reason was that due to the golden horned beast’s blood and soul influence, it caused Luo Feng to be extremely cold.

And with guidance from Hong and Thunder god and the knowledge from thousands of years of chinese culture, along with the inherited mental state training from his ancestors from these thousands of years, it allowed him to reach a perfect mental state like that of a mirror.

Luo Feng had always recognized the importance of mental state training.

Yi Ke’s death, along with that letter, plus the 30 years of study, all had resulted in Luo Feng’s mental state rising to yet another level. It had finally reached the level of heart like a blade.

Heart like a mirror and blade!

Creating a willpower that was so powerful it couldn’t be moved!

Luo Feng was oblivious to the fact that watchman of fantasy ocean had sent the news about him to the upper management of the Virtual Universe Company. He returned to his own study in his villa at the absolute beginning region.

“Fantasy island and heavenly bridge, I’ve already reached my limit for these two. Within a short amount of time, I won’t be able to make any progress.” Luo Feng sat at his desk and looked at the screen of his laptop. “Now then, I’ll have to choose a mission to train myself.”


Chapter 489: Training world

Luo Feng grabbed the mouse and opened the management folder, which had options for Life, study and training. He picked training from the three options.

“Training mission danger level is separated into 5 levels.” Luo Feng looked at the screen and frowned. “Which level should I pick?”

Looking at the 5 levels on the screen.

Safe, Mortality rate 0%. Normal, Mortality rate 10%. Difficult, Mortality rate 20%. Dangerous, Mortality rate 50%. Impossible, Mortality rate 90%.

“This is the 1st time I am taking on a mission. I have no knowledge about it.” Luo Feng thought. “I cannot pick randomly, and picking the impossible level would be too irresponsible. If it was Wuka or Rong Jun and the others…they would be prudent and pick the difficult level!”

“Then I…” Luo Feng pondered for a moment and nodded. “I’ll pick the dangerous level!”

Dangerous level, the 2nd highest of the 5 levels had a mortality rate of 50%.

The ones picking the missions were all the most exceptional geniuses of the 1,008 universe countries. Even though all of them had enough wealth to buy treasures and trump cards, many didn’t dare pick too hard of a level the first time. Normally, only after acquiring enough experience would they pick the dangerous level! Even so, the mortality rate was still 50%. This showed just how dangerous it was.

“I’m different from them.”

“I have my two great clones, which are even stronger than this body.” Luo Feng thought, “If I don’t pick a more dangerous mission, there would be no challenge.”

Even though he was confident, he still needed to be prudent, he didn’t dare pick the most terrifying impossible level.

90% Mortality rate!

This was truly impossible for the moment.

Those who dared pick that were all fully prepared and incredibly confident. Yet, 9 out of 10 still died. The surviving ones were probably very lucky, this…was the impossible level!

……

Luo Feng gently tapped and chose the dangerous level missions.

“Di!”

A screen appeared with red warning words.

“Warning! Warning! Your majesty Luo Feng is doing a mission for the 1st time. According to the records and calculations history from the Virtual Universe Company, those picking a dangerous mission as their 1st mission have a mortality rate of 78.2%. Please choose wisely. If you wish to continue, please confirm. Otherwise, please cancel this and accept another mission.”

Luo Feng frowned.

Picking the dangerous level as their 1st mission had a mortality rate of 78.2%?

“Hmph, there’s definitely a way to survive the mission, since the impossible level exists above it! The survival chances of the dangerous level are definitely bigger. If I can’t even pass the dangerous level, wouldn’t that be a joke?” Luo Feng didn’t hesitate and immediately confirmed the selection.

A new glossary appeared on the screen and on it were detailed introductions.

“Dangerous level mission, many core members would usually choose this after much experience and preparation as the mortality rate was still 50%. Similarly, since the danger level was high, the awarded points would be more shocking too.

Below are the dangerous level missions:

1 Wei Si Ka Planet (Virtual Universe Company Primal secret region)

2 Seven Flames Palace (Virtual Universe Company Heaven and Ground secret region)

……

6 Green Demon world (Virtual Universe Company Last Phase secret region)

……

9 Dragon pagoda Planet (Virtual Universe Company Absolute beginning secret region)

……

18 Nine star ocean ( Huge Axe dojo Huge Axe secret area)

……

29 Prison Battlefield ( Universe Mercenary Alliance Glory secret region)

……

36 Blood River world ( Virtual Universe Company Absolute beginning secret region)

……

186 Flame Ice Continent (Universe Galaxy Bank Black hole secret region)

The list was filled with a blur of missions. There were a total of 186 missions that he could accept, and all of them were within secret regions. These were controlled and remodeled regions from the 5 great leviathans. The 186 secret regions were where the missions were located.

“186?” This Dragon pagoda planet is in the absolute beginning region?” Luo Feng gently tapped the 9th mission dragon pagoda planet and took a look.

Universe secret region, the small ones were similar to a galaxy or the milky way. The big ones were similar to a star sector, or even like the size of the Ganwu universe country!

How many planets were in the Milky way galaxy?

How many galaxies were there in the Ganwu universe country?

Hence, in the vast and mysterious universe secret regions, new continents may be produced in the voids of the regions, or even some special planets. Anyway, these special territories within the secret regions, many people could never calculate even with their entire life spans.

“Dragon pagoda planet, a planet produced within the absolute beginning region. Over countless years of being engulfed in universe energies, it resulted in many powerful dragon clans forming within the planet. There were some powerful thunder dragons proficient in flesh and blood battles, some humanoid dragons proficient in spirit attacks, or the golden dragon which was a fusion of the two…” Luo Feng looked at the detailed introduction of the planet.

The introduction was very long.

And the Dragon pagoda training mission was all about hunting dragons!

Become a dragon hunter!

“Hehe, challenging indeed.” Luo Feng muttered. The strongest within the Dagon pagoda is akin to a pinnacle sector lord, while the weakest are at least universe level. One has to be extremely cautious while hunting. The moment a strong dragon discovers you, that wouldn’t be hunting anymore, but rather being hunted instead.”

……

Luo Feng looked at several missions and was shocked at the many places.

“Blood river world was also located within the absolute beginning secret area.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. The best choice for this 1st mission was one within the absolute beginning region. Otherwise, just flying to the other regions alone would take a very long time, and there were a total of 5 special sectors within the dangerous level missions. Luo Feng was leaning towards Blood river world.

“Blood river world was a floating vast continent within the absolute beginning region. A universe secret region is usually produced from the universe evolution, and this blood river world is a powerful world that was produced within during the early stages of the absolute beginning region. It’s ancientness far exceeds the most ancient universe country.

Within the blood river world, there live countless powerful humans. They’ve formed their own language, culture and training culture.

They heavily respect strength.

……

The detailed introduction for blood river world was very long, and Luo Feng read on nervously.

“Such a mysterious world. There are even aboriginal undyings.” Luo Feng looked with shock. “What a pity, because it’s within the universe secret region, with large amounts of cosmic dust obstructing the way, it made the undyings unable to accelerate to lightspeed and engage in universe travel. Hence, even the undying remained as aboriginals on blood river world.”

Blood river world had a diameter close to 1 light year, which was about 9 trillion km!

Such a vast surface had allowed their population to reach a huge number. Also, since the universe origin laws were circulating within, the strong were like clouds.

“A reminder.”

“The people of blood river world hate outsiders.”

“Hence, to accept this mission, one first has to not bring any technology related items along. As for the few special spirit and genetic weapons, unless blood river world already has them, they cannot be brought as well. One also has to follow the attire of the normal people of blood river world.”

“If one’s looks are too peculiar, he would also have to undergo physical alteration to fit in with the look of the people of Blood River world.”

“Blood river world’s language differs from universe language. One has to learn the language before entering.”

……

Luo Feng laughed and nodded. “Luckily the humans of blood river world have tens of thousands of races. My looks are considered normal.”

“As for weapons”

“With the study of origin laws, it doesn’t make a difference whether I use a blade or spirit weapon.”

“About language.”

“With my consciousness speed that’s comparable to a quantum computer, I should be able to learn it in half a day.” Luo Feng finally decided on choosing Blood River world. Although it was an ancient world over a trillion years old, this was a place with a new culture, and had humans as the leaders of the planet, unlike the other missions with different and strange things with those secret areas.

Blood river world’s mission was:

1 Acquire 1 Blood river crystal, (This was a blood river world specialty, as blood river crystals can be found nowhere else in the universe.). A successful mission equals 10,000 points.

2 Acquire the title Blood warrior and the Blood river medal. A successful mission equals 100k points. (Reminder, 99.5% of those who take this mission complete the 1st one.)

As long as 1 of the 2 was completed, it would represent that the mission as a success.

“Di.”

“Please confirm the acceptance of the Blood River mission.”

“Acceptance successful.”

“Please fill out the departure time. The Virtual Universe Company will arrange for a ship to send you to blood river world.”

……

Luo Feng smiled at the mission.

There were two reasons why he chose this mission. First reason was because of its unique culture and it’s unique training culture. The second reason was because it gave a large amount of points, amounting between 10k to 20k. Very few missions had 2 choices of missions, and the 2nd mission of Blood river world actually reward 100k points when completed.

My god.

How much was 100k points? Only passing the 11th level of the heavenly bridge gave 100k points, and Luo Feng was stuck at only the 5th. As for the 11th? It would take at least another 1,000 years.

“Blood warrior title, blood river medal? Maybe it’s very difficult, however I still have to try.” Luo Feng smiled.

After receiving the mission, he began to do all sorts of preparations. “Nan shen armament is one of humanity’s 9 godly weapons. The blood river world has no such materials to make it. Hence, when I enter blood river world, I cannot take it out. The gold shadow blade too is the same way. I’ll custom make a sharp blood shadow blade.” Luo Feng custom made the blood shadow blade and a 6 edged shield.

The materials were all available on blood river world!

“As for cloud contact vine?”

“The cloud contact vine was a plant life form, and it was rare within humanity’s 1,008 universe countries. There’s no such thing on blood river world. I’ll temporarily let the Mosha clan clone wear it.”

“Luckily! Blood river world has the space ring.”

“I’ll order some armor, helmet and boots.”

Luo Feng swiftly made preparations. He first had to make sure that there weren’t any stark differences between him and the native people. As the world was huge with tens of thousands of different human races, as long as he wasn’t too peculiar, it naturally wasn’t too much of a problem!

However…

If anyone took out a laser gun in blood river world and was discovered by an absolute warrior, sector lord or undying, that would mean certain death, as blood river world had no such technology advancement.

“Blood river world language?” Luo Feng spent 3 days and with a consciousness speed comparable to a basic quantum computer, he learnt 18 types of blood river language.

“Hm!”

“Everything is prepared!”


Chapter 490: Blood River world

Absolute beginning region.

Thick mist shrouded the entire space. A huge ice planet had many broken star fragments orbiting about it, and Luo Feng’s quarters was one of them.

“Hey, what do you think his majesty is preparing for, since he is buying so many things! There were so many universe ships flying in these past few days.”

“Who knows. Anyway, he has large amounts of wealth, he can buy anything he wants.”

A few universe soldiers stood guard about the villa and chatted while patrolling.

“Shut up all, don’t discuss about his majesty!” In the distance a domain lord captain turned and shouted while directing the movers carrying the boxes.

“Yes.”

The guards all immediately stopped talking.

“Hmph.” Only then did that captain turn and continue with his instructions. “You all, place those huge boxes over there, right. These large boxes should be put here. They are very important, be careful and lift them gently.”

Within the entire villa.

Many boxes filled with different items were actually being arranged, taking up close to over 10km of area.

……

The nutrition cabin was placed within Luo Feng’s study. Within these 3 months, Luo Feng had been bathing within it all the time.

“Di!”

The nutrition cabin slowly opened, a nude, fit, black haired youth emerged from the almost clear nutrition liquid, stood up and immediately stepped out. The surface of his body immediately rose in temperature as it dried the remaining liquid. Following that, a dark red simple clothing immediately appeared and covered his body.

“My body is currently at universe level 9, and my spirit reading is at universe level 9 as well.” Luo Feng flexed and exerted some strength. The solid muscles of his flexed with energy, causing the space around to tremor and explode.

“How weird.”

“This nutrition cabin.” Luo Feng turned to look at it, within it was still a lot of the valuable liquid that he hadn’t finished. “In about 3 short months, I rose straight to universe level 9, essentially from the point of evolving to reaching a point of feeling full and completely satisfied..”

Luo Feng’s body strength had already reached saturation, unable to increase anymore.

Unless he broke through to domain lord level, which will allow his body to evolve more. An evolution in the basic essence of his body would be the only way to raise its strength further. Of course, if needed,Luo Feng was able to immediately raise his body to domain lord level. The only issue was that his internal world was currently only domain level 6. Hence, he was unable to evolve further directly to domain lord level 9, and could only bear with it for now.

As Luo Feng walked out from his building, the waiters and guards who were busy with their work in the villa were all shocked.

“Your majesty!”

“Your majesty!”

Everybody bowed respectfully.

“Your majesty.” Sector lord Ao Duo also became a beam of light and flew over, bowing respectfully.

“Haha…” Luo Feng looked at the large amount of shipments and laughed. “So many goods these past few days, Ao Duo, sorry to trouble you.”

“No problem.” Ao Duo replied.

“Have all the goods arrived? “Luo Feng asked.

“Your majesty’s orders have all arrived, everything is here.” Ao Duo replied respectfully.

Luo Feng nodded and his eyes gleamed as he saw the large amount goods that took up over 10 kilometers. The goods that he spent 860 mixed elements on where all here! As he knew the points were extremely valuable, he tried not to use the points as much as possible.

860 mixed elements! This amount was available for him due to the dividends he got from Ping Hai company, especially from that huge investment..

Of course, the main thing was the money remaining within the company to generate even more funds. Since Luo Feng himself had close to 1,000 mixed elements, he ended up using 860 of them at one go.

“With these!”

“The golden horned beast’s Deities of the world 2nd level will have some progress.” Luo Feng thought. These goods before him included the cloud contact vine’s many nutritional items. These were the things that he prepared before heading to blood river world. However, the most important things were still the materials for the golden horned beast’s training of deities of the world.

Training deities of the world had extremely high requirements, the weaker one was the easier it was to train.

The 1st level of deities of the world was completed by Luo Feng in primal chaos city. This was because the golden horned beast was weaker back then. That and because Luo Feng was able to purchase many valuable materials to complete it. Many golden horned beasts only completed the 1st level throughout their entire lives!

The 2nd level required extremely rare materials. However, it was a pity that he was not able to afford some of the materials. This time, he spent 860 mixed elements, of which over 830 of them were used for the training materials for the 2nd level, and this was still only the cheaper portion of the training!

As for the special materials, even the treasure trove didn’t have it! When it came to the expensive parts, Luo Feng couldn’t afford them.

“The effects of deities of the world are intrepid, however the requirements are too harsh. The 2nd level requires the Kan Luo Si’s feathers, that alone requires 12 million. As for some items, they might as well not be in the treasure trove.” Luo Feng thought, it was no wonder this technique was so hard to train.

The cost for the 2nd level to complete was extremely huge!

At least…

As he was only a small figure within the Virtual Universe Company, Luo Feng still couldn’t see the end in sight.

“Phew!” Luo Feng raised his hand and had Babata keep all the items in his storage space. The many items required at least 10km in space. However, in truth it didn’t take up that much space, at least with Luo Feng’s current status, buying a larger space ring was easy.

……

2nd day.

Luo Feng wore black armor and boots, and carried a 6 edged shield and a blood shadow blade. These were all custom made for his mission on blood river world. As the cloud contact vine and quantum computer on his arm didn’t fit the regulations of the world, he passed them to the Mosha clan body to wear.

Of course, Babata hid within his storage space according to Luo Feng’ s instructions. “Babata, you are forbidden from showing your presence in any way on blood river planet. The most you can do is mentally communicated with me.”

“Damn, I’ve been with your teacher through so many life or death situations, relax.” Babata said.

“Hm.” Luo Feng stood in the villa and looked at the skies engulfed in mist.

Rumble…a universe ship descended from the distance on Luo Feng’s star fragment.

“Your majesty, be careful on your mission.” Ao Duo advised respectfully.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, becoming a beam of light and flying over.

“Good luck your majesty!”

Over a 100 guards and 1,000 staff members all said simultaneously. The distant Luo Feng had already entered the universe ship sent by the Virtual Universe Company and quickly vanished with the ship.

Dark universe, this fish shaped universe ship was swiftly progressing.

“Your majesty, we are heading to blood river world. Our speed has already reached 36 times light speed, we’ll arrive in about 19 hours.” A purple short haired, beautiful looking lady with a furry tail who appeared very serious explained to Luo Feng. “After 19 hours, I’ll inform your majesty. Until then, you can rest.”

“Thanks.” Luo Feng nodded.

After which Luo Feng sat in the sofa beside and poured himself a glass of wine. As he was tasting it, he also sent a thread of his consciousness into the virtual universe to practice the blade technique, illusionary 7 blades. Currently, every blade was already completely ingrained into his consciousness.

Even so…

Amongst the 7 blades, his most proficient was still the dutchman’s pipe! Maybe it was because the mosha clan was proficient in assassination, or the fact that long periods of time spent on this training move had made his comprehension of it the deepest. Hence, even Luo Feng’s earth body’s too was the most proficient in the dutchman’s pipe.

……

As he was recapping the bladework and movement, 19 hours passed quickly.

“Your majesty, we’ll begin universe travel quickly and return to the actual universe.” The purple short haired lady said coldly. Simultaneously the ship’s control room resounded with the countdown of the universe travel. After 10 seconds, the entire ship shook slightly and became stable again, the ship had finally arrived.

“External simulation.” The lady ordered.

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed as the surrounding scenery morphed and revealed the external world’s virtual simulation.

“So beautiful.” Luo Feng was shocked. What appeared before him was the external world which was covered in mist. It also contained all kinds of space debris making it even more mysterious. However, in the distance was an incredibly beautiful palace that was floating in space itself.

“This palace is called Heaven Erosion palace. A few of our Virtual Universe Company absolute warriors are studying within, they are also in charge of watching over blood river world.” The purple haired lady introduced. “Within the palace not far away, there’s a large empty sector. It has enough space to allow a universe ship to accelerate to universe travel”

“Heaven Erosion palace, watch tower?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Right.” The lady nodded. “The moment anyone flies out from blood river world, they’ll be discovered. If it’s our people, they will naturally be safely taken in. If it’s an aboriginal from blood river world…naturally they won’t fare too well.”

“I’ll send you there right away!”

“Once you exit this ship, it isn’t too far away from blood river world. Your majesty Luo Feng will have to rely on your own ship.” The dark purple haired lady said. “Your majesty should have brought your own ship right, this point was mentioned in the training mission manual.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

Hua!

The cabin door opened and Luo Feng who was dressed in a completely black armor and boots while carrying a shield and blade, flew out of the ship into space.

“Heaven Erosion palace.” Luo Feng stood there, staring at the distant palace. With a wave, a silver pyramid ship appeared. It was the automaton ship he had acquired on earth. This ship was definitely a very exceptional ship. Whether it was mobility or defense, it was not bad.

“Ship exterior simulation, simulate a normal meteorite fragment.” Luo Feng entered the silver pyramid and ordered.

“Yes master.”

The exterior of the ship morphed and quickly became a grey normal looking meteorite fragment. looking like nothing within the space, It quickly accelerated and headed towards blood river world.

Standing in the control room, Luo Feng looked ahead.

In the distance was an incredibly vast continent floating in space. It was completely shrouded in clouds and the atmosphere.

This was blood river world!

“Another 3 hours before entering the outer atmosphere.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Blood river world had welcomed another outsider!


Chapter 491: An Arrow to Save a Person

“Blood river world, was a place where the strong are like the clouds and it even had undyings.” Luo Feng looked at the world closing in. “I have to be extremely prudent and definitely not reveal my identity!”

“However it’s strange!”

“With the virtual universe’s strength, clearing out the entire blood river world should be very simple. Since they easily have such power, why did they instead chose to build a heaven erosion palace to observe from space, and not dominate the world.” Luo Feng was suspicious. This wasn’t much like the attitude of a large power in the universe.

“This isn’t up to me to bother about.” Luo Feng shook his head.

……

3 hours later.

The automaton ship with an appearance of that of a normal meteorite finally entered the atmosphere of blood river world.

“I cannot proceed further!” With a thought, he flew out of the ship’s cabin door and had Babata keep the ship in his storage space.

“Blood river world, there are a total of 18 cloud layers.” While looking at the mission’s introduction, it had a general introduction of the entire world. Blood river world’s atmosphere had a total of 18 cloud layers. The higher one headed, the greater the pressure would be. Only universe levels could use their bodies to pass through all 18 layers.

However, the aboriginals of blood river world at most fly up to the 18th level, not daring to go any further.

Because they know that the clan outside the heavens would kill all of the blood river aboriginals as soon as they left the world. There hadn’t been anyone that had survived leaving the 18 layers and returning alive.

“I don’t have to worry in space outside the cloud layers.”

“However, in these cloud layers, I might meet some aboriginals.” Luo Feng’s full body of black armor and boots, with the blade and shield on his back, was very accurately similar to the looks of a normal blood river world warrior. From the 18th layer, he followed the terrifyingly strong gravity and madly plunged downwards.

“What strong gravity.”

“With such strong gravity, only star levels would be able to fly in this.” Luo Feng calculated within. “The magnetic field within a star traveller’s body cannot combat this strong gravity pull at all.”

Sou!

Sou!

Sou!

Luo Feng became like a shooting star plunging down from the 18th layer. His speed was rising as he went lower. Finally, he controlled and maintained a normal speed of descend. After 15 minutes of descending, he finally broke through the 1st cloud layer.

Before him, the scenery of blood river world finally unfolded.

“Hua.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but exclaim with shock. Right below him was an endless vast mountain range and forest. With his gaze, he was able to determine that this ancient forest had an area of at least 10,000km. At its edges one could see little silhouettes, those were the cities.

The ancient forest and mountain range welcomed a guest from the heavens.

While descending into the forested mountain range, this black silhouette’s energy ripples immediately split apart the tree branches and leaves. He eventually slowed down and gradually landed, landing on the rotten leaves on the ground.

“What terrifying gravity. For the normal people of blood river world, to be able to withstand this pressure means that they should at least be at star traveller level.” Luo Feng stood there and calculated in his head. “The air here is produced by the universe energies, hence the air has shocking strengthening effects on the body.”

“No wonder this blood river world has so many strong warriors.”

“Living in a universe secret region has caused their bodies to be extremely strong, and also made training easier than outside. However, because they are within a secret region, their fate had already been sealed. Even if they became undying, they were unable to leave the secret region to explore the vast universe. Unless the undyings joined the Virtual Universe Company.” Luo Feng thought.

“However, the rotting smell and stench of this ancient forest is hard to bear.”

At this time…

About 2,000 meters away from Luo Feng, a thick bent tree that required 20 people to hug around was wrapped with a jade green snake that had a human face. This weird being’s face had no nose, only eyes and a mouth. She was staring through the trees vines at the silhouette 2,000 meters away.

“Sila!!!” A piercing sound seemed to pierce through Luo Feng’s ears. Simultaneously, a 60m long jade green snake person became a blur of light and appeared beside Luo Feng immediately. That mouth opened wide fiercely and a 3 to 4m diameter black hole opened, attempting to swallow Luo Feng.

Luo Feng turned, with his eyes like a blade, he looked at the ferocious snake person creature.

This creature was as tall as at least a 20 storey building. Luo Feng was nothing but a dot compared to it. However, when Luo Feng looked over, that snake person’s expression turned to that of shock and fear.

“Hmph!” Luo Feng snorted coldly.

Rumble!

That being lost all its strength in mid air. Due to the initial inertia, it smashed into the trunk of the thick tree, before falling hard on the ground. Once it’s huge body landed, from the human face seeped out dark green blood from its eyes, as it lay there motionless.

“These are what the aboriginals of blood river world call the wild beasts? This is nothing but a beast with a power level around star level 5 or 6.” Luo Feng thought. “It must have been suicidal to look for me.” Luo Feng had purely used his consciousness strength to pressure it, in an instant crushing it and causing it to faint immediately.

Luo Feng’s consciousness was extremely strong, as it was comparable to that of a pinnace domain lord.

Consciousness pressure, this was the most obvious difference amongst those with great power . If he had used it to pressure a universe level, the most he could do was make that person feel uncomfortable! However against a star level that was 2 levels below, with just one gaze, it caused it to immediately crumble from within.

“A random wild beast already has star level 5 or 6 strength. Living in a secret region…really must be blessed by heaven.” Luo Feng looked in the distance. “I first have to leave the forest and head to the nearest city. Only once I head to a city will I be able to quickly look for the blood river crystal.”

Blood river crystal, it was a special treasure product of this world.

Sou!

Luo feng left a blurry image and immediately vanished into the distance.

At the edge of the mountain range forest, a team was heading forward.

“Young master, it’s your first time venturing out to the wild beast forest. Don’t get careless. Just exploring around the outer edges, killing the outside beasts and training will do.” A strong and sturdy matured man about 1.8m tall said with his dialect. His armor revealed his thick arms and his face was covered in beard, while his brown eyes were filled with essence.

“Thunder uncle, with you around, what’s there to worry about?” Within the team, a youth dressed in silver armor, with a purple engraving on his forehead, laughed happily and said.

This youth casually carried a black bow, and on his back was a quiver with arrows.

That strong and sturdy man couldn’t help but smile. But with a sudden sniff, his expression changed and he said softly, “Everybody be careful, this should be the territory of the Mangu beast.”

“Mangu beast?”

The expressions of the guards within the team became serious, however they were still relaxed. Against these wild beasts they couldn’t be careless. This was a saying passed from long ago in blood river world. However no matter how powerful, these guards were still clear about one thing, as long as their team was careful, killing these beasts was easy.

“Mangu beast? Leave it to me.” The youth was very excited.

“Young master!” Thunder uncle frowned.

“No problem.” The youth had already drawn an arrow from the quiver. He lifted his bow, and got ready to fire.

The team approached carefully.

After a while…

When the team moved past the plants and trees, they saw a black armored skinny youth with a shield on his back by the river. His hands held barbecued meat, which he was enjoying. At this time, a huge grey blur silhouette was heading over from the distance, this caused the entire team to jump with a shock.

And the skinny youth sitting by the river seemed to detect something. He turned his head to look at the dim-witted huge grey silhouette.

“Looking for death!”

The team witnessed the scene. All the guards all knew that this stupid youth that had stumbled into the wild beast forest was definitely a punk without any experience. Otherwise why would he stupidly look at the Mangu beast that was attacking? A true warrior would firstly prepare ahead of time and would have moved to a favorable terrain.

At least, not sitting idly by!

“Mangu beast is a Sky level wild beast.” Thunder uncle roared.

“Xiu!”

A black light immediately pierced through the air and hit the grey silhouette. That grey silhouette let out a cry of pain and immediately twisted and landed on the ground. It was a furry bastard, the only thing was that it only had one claw. However that claw was as huge as its entire body, an arrow was lodged in its body and red blood spurted out from the wound.

Sou! The moment it landed, it let out cries of pain and angrily rushed towards the team.

“Xiu!” That silver youth’s expression grew serious. The purple engraving on his forehead slightly glowed with light. His hand was like a phantom, as it swiftly drew another arrow and fired. However the Mangu beast which was prepared this time, twisted it’s body and waved its sharp claw, knocking that black light away.

“Roar!” that strong and sturdy man brandished two axes from his waist and his arms fiercely crossed.

Rumble!

It seemed as though 1 axe appeared in mid air, slashing past the body of the Mangu beast. After which, the single axe disappeared and that strong and sturdy man had already reached 10m behind the Mangu beast.

Pa! The Mangu beast immediately fell from mid air, splitting in two halfs as fresh blood flowed from its organs.

“Thunder uncle sure is powerful, too powerful.” The silver armored youth clapped excitedly.

“Don’t get careless in the future. The Mangu beast has 2 trump cards. One is its claws, and the other is its poison breath. This Mangu beast has already reached sky level, if it gets close and releases its gas, that would be troublesome.” The strong and sturdy man lectured, simultaneously instructing his guards to extract the materials and essence of the beast.

“Yes.” The other guards immediately laughed happily and went to gather.

The silver armored youth walked towards the distant black armored youth and smiled and waved. With a tone that was proud of his own age and experience, “Brother, where are you from?” At this time the silver armored youth felt a sense of being a hero and savior. From his point of view, if it wasn’t for his arrow, that black armored youth would have died.

“Thanks.” Luo Feng looked at the silver armored youth, smiling and nodding.

That Mangu beast before only had a power of star level 1 or 2. Its sneak attack was long discovered by Luo Feng, and he was preparing to turn and destroy it. But who knew that the passionate silver armored youth would attempt to save him.

However…

Even though the people of blood river world worshipped strength, they still had these innocent youths. Looking at this excited silver armored youth before him, Luo Feng felt a great sense of anticipation towards blood river world.


Chapter 492: Swallow Mound

After a while.

Luo Feng left the ancient forest with this team.

“No trouble at all. I guess I’ve trained enough, we can return. We’ll go together, it’ll be safer that way.” The silver armored youth was very excited as he thought about it. This black armored skinny youth before him was obviously one with less experience, and if he went out to explore by himself he might die. Since he was returning to home, they might as well bring him along.

“The feeling of saving someone feels good.” The silver armored youth thought.

“Ah, I haven’t introduced myself. I’m Na Ke, and you?” The silver armored youth smiled and looked at Luo Feng.

“I’m called Feng!” Luo Feng replied.

“Feng?” The silver armored youth nodded, exclaiming, “Good name! Big brother Feng is obviously older, I’ll call you big brother then. When we return to our Swallow Mound city, if you have time, I’ll show you around. I grew up in the city after all.”

“Swallow Mound?” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

According to the Virtual Universe Company’s information, even though it was pretty detailed, however Blood river world was after all too vast a world. There was no way for it to explain everything. It could only give a brief introduction of everything. At the same time, if they explained too much about many of the secrets, it wouldn’t have the same training effect on the core members.

According to the information.

In blood river world, the native’s strength was separated into, Ground level, Sky level, Clouds level, Domain Level, World level… undying spirit. It actually coincided with the universe’s star traveller level, star level, universe, domain lord, sector lord and undying level.

And the cities of blood river world were mainly separated into Territorial cities or world cities.

The territorial city was the core of a territory. Every leader of these territories were definitely a domain level (Domain lord).

The world cities were the core of the world, and the leaders of these were definitely sector lords.

In the vast blood river world…

Every world city had a diameter of hundreds of millions of km or even billions of km. The population ranged in the trillions or more. In blood river world…there were over 10 million world cities. Above these world cities there were even the undying palaces! The undying palaces are high in ranking and they normally didn’t interfere with the normal matters of blood river world.

“It looks like, the place that I descended belongs to the Swallow mound territory.” Luo Feng thought within, “Swallow mound territorial city should be a core city within the surrounding 10 million km and the city leader is most probably a domain lord warrior.”!

“I require blood river crystals!”

“However, the information given by the Virtual Universe Company never explained anything about the crystals. It only states that the crystals were treasures of the world. Any idiot would know they were treasures. The Virtual Universe Company already called this huge continent blood river, wouldn’t the blood river crystal be extremely important?” Luo Feng calculated within. “The blood river world had long had their own word system. Once I enter the city, there should be some books in the city that I can buy. I’ll find out the details of the crystals through these books.”

Through enchantment and several techniques, he could interrogate others.

However asking them wouldn’t be as detailed as reading the books. A territorial city with an area of ten million km would definitely be advanced and would have what he needed.

“In advanced places, currency is definitely important.”

“The materials I got from hunting the beasts should be worth quite a bit.” Luo Feng long had a plan of what he needed to do.

He was an outsider after all!

His identity had to be kept secret. Since he had just entered blood river world, it was better to remain low profile.

This was also why when he first landed in the forest, he didn’t fly straight towards the city, as hunting and acquiring materials in the forest could get him some money. And that 10,000km area forest could only be considered a normal wild beast forest, the beasts were at most star level 8 or 9.

There wasn’t a single universe level.

……

The silver armored youth chatted with Luo Feng, as the tall and sturdy thunder uncle and the other guards all stared at them.

“This dumb little punk must be extremely lucky to have our group of brothers protect him.”

“The young master is too kind! If it were me, I couldn’t be bothered.”

“Hehe, brothers, speaking about it, just now we saw this Feng turn stupidly around at the Mangu beast flying over at him. His face was filled with shock and fear, I can’t help but laugh at that scene. Haha…I really don’t know how this stupid punk dares to enter the wild beast forest. Luckily we were only on the outer regions and haven’t met any powerful wild beasts, otherwise he would have become their shit long ago.”

The guards chatted behind.

“Shut up!”

The tall and sturdy thunder uncle ordered. The group of guards immediately stopped.

“Be careful, even though we are already on the way back, there’s still thousands of km to go. There’s usually bandits about.”

“Captain, with you around, which small bandit would dare approach us?”

“Yea, that will be suicide.”

The tall and sturdy man glanced at Luo Feng. Towards this stranger that they saved along the way, he remained wary. The young master’s kind heart…made him helpless. Because he was very clear that this was a world that favored the strong. All sorts of scheming, backstabbing and slaughter happened all the time. Having a kind heart was disadvantageous to the young master in such a world.

“The master spoils the young master too much. He wants to wait till the young master matures before letting him taste some hardship.” The tall and sturdy man shook his head.

“ ，，1。”，，，，。


“ ？”，。

“ 。”。


“ ，？”，，，，。

“ ！”。

“Tsk tsk…is the genius archer afraid?” The tall and handsome youth’s expression slowly turned cold. With a snort, “You didn’t expect me to catch you outside the city right!”

“Young master Yu Fang!”

A booming voice resounded. The tall and sturdy man took a step forward, gazing at the tall and handsome youth’s group and saying seriously, “My family’s master and the Yu family have some connections and relationships. I hope young master Yu won’t do anything rash.”

“I’m speaking right now!, Did I say it was your place to speak?” The tall and handsome youth angrily roared and his expression pained. “Get lost!”

“Yu Fang, you shut up.” The silver armored youth roared.

“Haha, pure and kind Na Ke, haven’t you grasped the situation yet? Outside the city, your father cannot come save you.” The tall and handsome youth’s expression was struggled. The muscles in his face twitched and his eyes resembled a venomous snake staring coldly, “I haven’t forgotten how you humiliated me half a year ago.”

Beside them, Luo Feng frowned.

The enemy’s party was obviously superior.

The large group behind this Yu Fang was made up of just the 10 underlings alone. There was 1 star level 9 and 9 star level 7 or 8s.

And this side?

Na Ke’s strongest warrior, that thunder uncle, was only a star level 6 or 7.

“We are in big trouble.” The tall and sturdy thunder uncle was worried within. “The warriors in this team have about half of the Yu family’s strongest. So many strong warriors following a little kid out seems strange.”

“Captain, what do we do?”

“Captain, behind that young master Yu, there’s that “Dripping Blood Blade” warrior, who is one of their 3 strongest in the family. He’s a sky level pinnacle warrior. Just him alone would be enough to decimate us.”

The team was flustered.

……

The silver armored youth’s eyes contracted. He stared angrily at the young master on the beast and roared, “Yu Fang, whatever you have, just bring it at me!”

“Ah, just like a true warrior. What a presence.” The tall and handsome youth snorted and laughed, following which his expression changed and he roared, “Men, teach a good lesson to this group of people. However, don’t kill them. I Yu Fang ain’t that vicious. Also…grab the Na Ke and tie him up! I want to bond with him well…”

“Yes!” The group of warriors on the beasts replied together.

“Hua!”

The tall and sturdy thunder uncle along with the other guards all brandished their weapons together.

The young master on the beast laughed coldly. “Whoever resists, kill immediately! Of course…don’t kill young master Na Ke. After all, he’s my good brother that I grew up with! Go!”

Immediately the group of intrepid warriors flew from the backs of the beasts and headed towards Na Ke’s little team.


Chapter 493: Armor

Luo Feng stood beside that silver armored youth and frowned. He had just landed in blood river world, he didn’t wish to cause a commotion.

“Haha!”

“Kill anyone who resists!” That group of warriors all laughed madly and flew over. Especially the skinny man dressed in a blood red armor carrying two dark red blades. He gazed at the guard team of the silver armored youth, his gaze focusing on the tall and sturdy thunder uncle.

On this side, the tall and sturdy thunder uncle and the guards had ugly expressions. They wanted to retaliate but didn’t dare to. The silver armored youth Na Ke could only grit his teeth with rage.

“Rumble!”

The group of warriors flying over along with skinny man suddenly all stopped.

“Get lost!”

Almost like thunder god’s roar, the 10 before them felt it reverberate within their minds. Like a terrifying pressure descending on them, they all felt a sense of pressure they couldn’t resist. It was the type of pressure that was about to destroy them. “Get lost! Get lost! Get lost!” That roar resounded within their minds.

The group of warriors immediately descended from mid air and didn’t attack.

“Let’s go!” The skinny man gazed at the silver armored youth’s team and ordered.

“Let’s go.” The youth too shouted, staring at the silver armored youth Na Ke.

Looking at the previously arrogant and proud team suddenly turn and leave, Na Ke and his underlings, even thunder uncle were all left stunned and suspicious.

“Why have they left?”

“This, this…”

“They are just leaving?” The guards couldn’t believe they had just escaped this crisis.

“Impossible.” The silver armored youth stared wide eyed, “Yu Fang that bastard isn’t that kind to just let me go.”

“There’s a strong warrior secretly helping us.” The tall and sturdy thunder uncle said softly, and he was very sure of it.

“Strong warrior?”

The group of guards including Na Ke looked curiously at the tall and sturdy man, “Thunder uncle, you say there’s someone else?” The silver armored youth was suspicious.

“Hm.” Thunder uncle nodded, emphasizing, “There are 3 possibilities. The first one is the master, he’s always spoiled you. He may have arranged an absolute warrior to protect you secretly.” At this, the guards around all nodded. Even Na Ke who was suspicious initially started to believe him after awhile.

“The second is that a mysterious absolute warrior is helping us secretly.” Thunder uncle said, “The third one is that someone from the Yu Family’s team is helping us.”

“The 1st and 2nd made sense, but you said someone from the Yu Family is helping us?” Na Ke was shocked.

“Captain, that can’t be.” The group of guards couldn’t believe it.

“Haven’t you discovered? The 10 that headed over here before alone had Dripping blood blade and the 9 great guards.” The tall and sturdy thunder uncle emphasized. Looking at the distant large team, “The team had more than a hundred people, but just the 10 were that strong. Of the rest of them, there should still be many other powerful warriors.”

“If it weren’t something important, they definitely wouldn’t have sent out so many strong warriors. Who knows, within the team was the true leader of the group.” Thunder uncle said seriously. “They had urgent matters to do, having such altercations while they had matters to do was the worst thing they’d wish for. That leader may have been dissatisfied and ordered all of them to return.”

“Hm!”

“Makes sense.” The group of guards nodded.

“Thunder uncle is very impressive.” The silver armored youth Na Ke complimented while laughing.

“However I’m still curious as to the large number of strong warriors, and many of the warriors were from other powers! Such a strong team, what were they doing?” Thunder uncle frowned, “Even if the family leader came out, he wouldn’t bring so many warriors.”

“Right.”

“Must be something very important.”

……

Yu Fang was swiftly taking his men to rejoin the large group.

“3rd uncle, just what warrior was secretly helping them before. Aren’t you a match for him?” Yu Fang looked at the skinny man beside him. That skinny man was one of the Yu Fang family’s top 3 warriors. With the name Dripping Blood Blade Yu Yan Ta, he was a star level 9 absolute warrior, strong even amongst those of the same level.

The skinny man Yu Yan Ta’s eyes twitched as they were filled with fear. He said, “Yu Fang, that secret warrior was extremely strong, if he didn’t control himself not to kill anyone, I’d already be dead.”

“What!” Yu Fang’s eyes stared wide.

My god.

He, Yu Fang was a Land Level, (star traveller) warrior. So, he could definitely feel the danger. However, his 3rd uncle was the sky level (Star level) pinnacle warrior. If even he felt that the enemy could easily kill him without even making a move, then that secret warrior must be terrifyingly strong.

“Just what level was that person, cloud level?” Yu Fang shook his head. “Even a cloud level wouldn’t be that strong.”

“Cloud levels aren’t that strong, a cloud level couldn’t simply just use his consciousness to pressure us and make us unable to resist.” The skinny man Yu Yan Ta nodded, saying, “I estimate…the secret warrior should be a domain level. Looking at how he could immediately pressure the group and not kill them, his control of his pressure is very precise and controlled…he must be pretty powerful even amongst the domain levels.”

“Domain level?” Yu Fang was stunned.

Swallow mound, had an area of ten million, with a population in the trillions.

Swallow mound’s leader was a domain level (Domain lord). At this level, he was already an absolute being within swallow mound territory. There wasn’t any family that could mess with him, he could simply make a move and destroy the families.

“That punk Na Ke, how did he find such a powerful being to protect him?” Yu Fang couldn’t believe it.

“Yu Fang! Your group hurry and return to the team, don’t waste time. Yan Ta, we are using our full force this time, don’t you know the importance of what we are doing? You even went to waste time with that little kid Yu Fang? Hmph!” An old voice resounded within their minds.

“Uncle, we have matters to report.” Yu Yan Ta communicated.

“Speak!”

“Uncle, when we went over to teach that Na family young master a lesson, we discovered one thing, there was a terrifying domain level warrior behind that Na Ke!”

“Do, domain level?” That firm old voice suddenly stuttered.

“Yes.”

“How much guarantee do you have it’s a domain level?” That old voice couldn’t believe it. “Have you made a mistake?”

“99% sure, to be able to use only consciousness pressure to make us all crumble and unable to resist, only domain levels could do that.” Yu Yan Ta reported respectfully.

“Who is it?” The old voice asked nervously. A domain level can completely change the power hierarchy within a territory. If it’s a powerful domain level (domain lord), then he would be able to even get rid of the current leader, and acquire the god palace’s recognition. At that point, he can immediately become the new city leader.

“Not clear, maybe he was hiding within his team, or he was somewhere we couldn’t see. He was way stronger than us. Hence, I couldn’t be sure.” Yu Yan Ta said.

“Hm! We have to sort this out clearly when we return. But, first let’s return to the city.”

“Yes!”

The vast team from the Yu family swiftly progressed. A possible domain level warrior alone had made the upper echelons all flustered as messing with a domain level was simply suicide.

……

About 800km outside of Swallow mound city, the vast road pierced right through the large mountain. This mountain was split in half, forming a canyon. It seemed like a normal enough canyon. At this time, there were silhouettes walking at the peak of the mountain that was split apart by a strong warrior.

There were a total of 13 people!

All of them were dressed in armor wearing helmets, revealing only their eyes. On their backs they carried 1 or 2 axes, or single huge axes. Their armors were made up of black, blood red and gold colors.

“Big brother, they’ve come.”

“The Yu family team is here.”

The one leading was huge in stature. Dressed in gold armor, his blood red eyes gazing through the helmet, filled with cold, roaring, “Brothers, go, grab the goods!

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

13 silhouettes rushed from the peaks like bullets fiercely shooting downwards. When the 13 silhouettes swiftly descended, they immediately aroused the attention of the vast team flying over. The leader of the team was a old man with a black beard, he raised his right hand roared, Stop!”

The vast path ahead had only the 13 silhouettes.

13, like 13 devils standing there.

“10, 13…” The black bearded old man’s face went pale.

“13 Axe!” At the forefront of the team, the skinny man beside the black bearded old man Yu Yan Ta’s expression went pale too, “Why have they come, it can’t be…”

Within Swallow mound territory, there were a few strong heroes who were extremely powerful!

Much stronger than these business families. For example, this 13 axe was made up of 13 powerful warriors with similar interests that formed the group. There were no underlings in the group, just these 13. However just which family actually dared to mess with Swallow mound’s 13 axe? What was it based on? Within these 13 axes, there were 3 cloud levels! And 10 pinnacle sky levels!

Domain level (Domain lord), that was the dominating strength in the entire swallow territory! Controlling the entire territory.

Cloud level (Universe level), these were considered the pinnacle fighting strength within the territory, as they were very powerful.

“What do we do?”

“What do we do?”

“We cannot lose these goods.”

The large Yu family was shocked.

“Lords of the 13 axe, whatever orders you have please speak.” The black bearded old man was apprehensive within. His appearance however was still strong and proud as he shouted.

“Yu Family?” A soft voice resounded from the 13 demons standing before them. The leader said, “Hand over the armor from the ancient ruins, we’ll spare your lives.”

The black bearded old man stared.

“Run!” The black bearded old man’s expression was struggling as he communicated to his team.

Rumble!

The entire team seemed like they were prepared, immediately the group of sky levels (Star level) madly rushed in all directions. Large amounts of the ground level swiftly flew and fled too, be it climbing the mountains or following along the path backwards. The skinny man Yu Yan Ta too followed the pack backwards.

“Yan Ta, quickly go to where that Na family punk is. If that domain level being is there, our Yu Family still has some hope!” The black bearded old man roared and communicated to them.

“Yes, uncle.” The skinny man replied.


Chapter 494: Kill Them

When the hundred man team of the Yu Family madly fled, the leader of the 13 axe, his blood red eyes flashed with violence and he shouted, “Kill all of them, don’t spare even a single one!”

“Haha, understood!”

“They can’t get away!”

“9th and 13th brother, it’s up to you two.”

Including their leader, the 13 Axes swiftly became a blur and chased down the stronger fleeing members of the family. The two black armored men laughed manically as they extended their arms. Immediately, sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Blurry beams of light shot in all directions!

When Luo Feng was a student level 9, he could already control 10 flying blades. As for now, if he didn’t require strength, he could control thousands of little golden blades easily. Of course, if he required strength, he could only control about 10.

These 2 star level pinnacle warriors both immediately shot out 100 little thin flying axe like assassination weapons. Each of them were about half the size of a palm and 1mm in thickness.

A blur of flying axe assassination weapons covered the skies and shot in all directions.

“Ah! No! Quick!”

The large number of warriors fleeing all immediately went mad, as their surrounding comrades were being sliced through their heads by the flying axes. As they pierced right through, fresh blood spewed everywhere with brain matter and heads falling all over. In an instant, the entire canyon was stained red, almost like a nightmare scene. The large group of Ground level (star traveller) were simply massacred!

In a few seconds!

The entire Yu family in the canyon had less than 20 people left.

“My god!” The black bearded old man was paralyzed on the ground. His face was stained with the blood of others, and his eyes were staring wide eyed.

“Chi!”

A little flying axe weapon as thin as a cicada’s wing left a dazzling silhouette in mid air and later pierced through the old bearded man’s head, almost like slicing tofu.

“There’s nothing.”

“It isn’t here.”

“This old bastard’s has a space wristband. However, it doesn’t have the armor we want.” From the 13 axe, the two who controlled the attacks swiftly checked the important bodies. Among them, they found only 1 space item, however it didn’t have the item they wanted.

“The ones who fled are the most important, those 10 have fled from the canyon.”

“No worries, big brother is chasing them.”

“Hm, he’s caught up.”

Chi! Chi!

The two became a beam of light and swiftly caught up with crowd!

On the wide road, about 10 people were fleeing as hard as they could.

“Quickly!”

“Quickly!”

Their faces were filled with fear, especially the center tall and handsome young master Yu Fang. His face was ashen. He was extremely nervous and communicated worriedly, “3rd uncle, 3rd uncle, carry me and flee, bring me along with you!” However the strongest among the group, 3rd uncle Yu Yan Ta had long fled far away, not caring about him.

“Haha, you think you can run!”

In the distance a gold armored demon god tore through the skies and caught up. His laughter resounded loudly within the ears of the 10 of them who were fleeing. Behind this gold armored silhouette there was one more who was swiftly flying over.

“Go and die!”

The gold armored demon god’s silhouette dived down and simultaneously the genetic energy of the cloud level (universe level) smashed into the ground fiercely. A ripple started to spread in all directions, exploding within the 100m area. A universe level’s genetic energy with its terrifying strength had reduced the surroundings to nothing but waste. Screams of pain and shrieks sounds could be heard in the air.

“No, no no!!!” Yu Fang howled in fear. However, his body seemed to be hit by countless assassination weapons, immediately becoming like a sieve. Even his head had rubble piercing through, after which it exploded and left nothing but a mess.

Young master Yu Fang…

Was dead!

“Na Ke!” Before dying, Yu Fang stared wide eyed. He had hoped so badly, that he would be able to reach Na Ke’s team. At least with that being there he stood a chance of survival. However it was a pity that his speed was too slow.

……

At this time, there was only 1 person left in the fleeing Yu Fang Family. It was one of the 3 strongest in the family, reaching the pinnacle of sky level… Dripping blood Yu Yan Ta. Even within the 13 axe, he would be ranked about 4th or 5th in strength. He had fled along the road from the beginning with the highest speed he could muster!

He didn’t care about Yu Fang.

Because he knew…if he lost that armor, the Yu Family in the city would be done for too.

“Back then I shouldn’t have agreed, the treasure within the ancient god ruins isn’t something our Yu Family can take. I hate the fact that we were too greedy, simply too greedy!” While flying as fast as he could he cursed within. Back then, when the Yu Family saw the benefits from success, their greed exceeded their fear. Hence, they decided to gamble this time!

Yes, this was a gamble.

“Haha, Dripping blood, you still wish to flee?” A voice immediately reached Yu Yan Ta’s ears.

Yu Yan Ta looked back. In the distance a gold silhouette was rushing over, causing Yu Yan Ta’s expression to grow even uglier. Amongst the 13 axe, the head, number 3 and 7 were the three he least wanted to meet. This was because these 3 were cloud level (Universe level), the other 7 he still had enough confidence he could beat.

“Na Ke!”

“Na Ke!” Yu Yan Ta fought hard to increase his speed, staring into the distance. Suddenly there stood a 10 man team, of which there was the familiar silver armored youth Na Ke. This caused Yu Yan Ta’s eyes to immediately glow with hope. As his face flushed red, he roared loudly, “Young Master Na Ke, save me!”

Luo Feng and that team had distanced themselves close to 200km from the Yu Fang family team, and Yu Yan Ta was after all just a pinnacle star level. Even though Blood river world’s gravity was so strong that a star traveller couldn’t fly, however Yu Yan Ta’s speed could still reach up to 8km a second. If it were in space without gravity, a star level pinnacle could reach up to 150km per second.

The gravity of blood river world was shocking, and because of that Yu Yan Ta’s speed could only reach 8km per second.

Close to 200km in distance, he had flown for 10 seconds.

In just 10 seconds…

The large Yu Family team was decimated.

“Young Master Na Ke, save me!” A roar filled with genetic energy immediately resounded in the surrounding land and skies, causing the team that was rushing back, Luo Feng and Na Ke and his group to be stunned. They turned their head to look over.

In the distance, two silhouettes were approaching.

One ahead of the other, they were swiftly heading towards their team. Especially the golden silhouette behind, had long released his large aura all about.

“It’s Yu Yan Ta, and behind him is the leader of the 13 axe.” The tall and sturdy Thunder uncle deduced from a look. Revealing fear, he communicated, “Everybody listen up, do not ever mess with the leader of the 13 axe. Young Master Na Ke, don’t ever go help Yu Yan Ta. We cannot help him. Rather, it would be suicide to help him at this point!”

“Hm.” Na Ke’s face too was pale.

Leader of the 13 axe? Within Swallow mound’s 10 million km area, this was definitely a person that was highly reputable and deserving of respect.

……

“Save me!” The skinny man Yu Yan Ta’s face was filled with fear as he rushed towards Na Ke’s team. However Na Ke’s team stood there not even moving. Obviously they didn’t wish to intervene.

“Rumble!” From behind a terrifying energy wave ripple over.

“Not good.”

Yu Yan Ta looked behind, that gold armored demon god wielding an axe had already waved it and was slashing towards him. The huge axe swing had formed a high pressure ripple, a slash ripple visible to the naked eye was rushing towards him, causing Yu Yan Ta’s eyes to flush red as he waved his blade hard to stop it.

“Dang!” Yu Yan Ta was knocked onto the ground from the ripple. His entire body was shaken so hard his bones were broken.

“I, i…” Yu Yan Ta’s stared wide eyed, blood leaking from his mouth, following which his head fell and there was no more sense of life.

Rumble! Rumble!

In the distance two silhouettes landed.

“Big brother, did you find the item?” The two tall and sturdy man shouted.

“It should be on him.” The leader looked at Yu Yan Ta’s corpse on the ground, and immediately grabbed his arm. He turned back to look at his brothers, “3rd and 7th brother, it’s a space wristband.” The two who had just massacred everybody else looked, as their eyes gleamed.

Luo Feng and Na Ke’s little team stood there, not daring to move or flee.

“It’s exactly like what the information depicted. Blood river world favors the strong. Massacres can be seen everywhere, even punks with high statuses are killed just like that.” Luo Feng glanced at the distant Yu Yan Ta’s corpse, shaking his head quietly.

At this time, silhouettes continued to appear from mid air.

“The 13 axe have arrived.” The tall and sturdy Thunder uncle’s eyes were filled with shock.

“13 axe, the legendary 13 axe.” The silver armored Na Ke’s eyes had a sense of both excitement and nervousness. These were legendary figures, killing the powerful team from the Yu Fang Family was simply like killing chicken. These were the true strong warriors! Absolute warriors!

The not too distant leader of the 13 axe frowned, “Why isn’t it here?”

“What, it’s not there?”

“Big brother, the space wrist band doesn’t have the armor?”

“Have you all checked everybody else?” The leader looked at his brothers. The other 12 all replied, “They don’t have it, we’ve all checked. Only 1 person had a space item and it didn’t have the armor we want.”

“Just now that dripping blood was calling for them to save him.” The leader in the gold armor said as his blood red eyes looked at the distant group, causing Na Ke and his group to immediately feel fear. The leader frowned, “They may be the same group with the Yu Family, only separated into the early and later groups.”

“Big Brother, we’ll kill and then look! Why think so much about it.”

“Hm!”

The leader nodded, “Kill them!”

To the 13 axe, killing a bunch of rich family teams in Swallow mound was simply like stepping on ants, that simple. In the continent of blood river…it didn’t matter where you stood or what you had, if one had a big fist, that was the law!

“We have no relationship with the Yu Family, don’t kill us.”

“Spare us.”

Including that tall and sturdy thunder uncle, the group of guards all looked fearful. Even the simple and full of fighting spirit youth Na Ke looked fearful and shocked.

“So troublesome.” Luo Feng shook his head. “There’s 3 universe levels in this group, I cannot simply just pressure them with consciousness. I will have to personally make a move. The information was right, there are many times in blood river world where one cannot help but have to kill others.”

Rumble!

The 13 axe group were initially just staring coldly at Na Ke’s group. However one of them was just about to unleash his assassination weapons. When all of a sudden, the 13 of them revealed a look of fear, because in an instant, before the 13 of them, 1 silhouette appeared…a black haired youth in black armor!

13 images simultaneously appeared before the 13 of them!


Chapter 495: Blood Warrior

“How’s that possible?” Including the powerful leader of the 13 axe, the 13 of them stared with fear, because the opponent’s appearance was simply too strange. It was fast to the point of teleportation! However even in fear, they all struggled hard to use their weapons!

13 images, 13 Luo Feng.

Luo Feng’s eyes grew cold, his gaze was like a blade, 13 images all looking at the 13 members.

His blade flashed! 13 extremely beautiful flashes, infused with immense hatred. Na Ke and his group who were witnessing this scene, including the 13 axe who were being attacked, couldn’t help but get affected by the blade work. Their consciousness was getting enticed into the bladework itself!

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi!

13 flashes of the blade like surgical blades followed the outline of their helmets immediately entering within and retracting. The continuous floating 13 flashes flashed and vanished. The images vanished too and Luo Feng placed his blood red illusionary blade back in its sheath which was on his back.

Silence!

The 13 warriors stood there, motionless.

The pure and innocent Na Ke, Thunder Uncle, along with the group of guards were all still immersed within the blade work. Luo Feng couldn’t help but shoot them a glance with a slight pressure from his consciousness, causing the completely immersed punks to awaken from the shock. All of them took a while to comprehend what just happened.

“Why are the 13 axe all standing there motionless? My eyes weren’t deceiving me before right, I saw…”A Guard said, clearly still stunned.

“Shut up.” The tall and sturdy thunder uncle communicated angrily.

The guard immediately awoken.

“Dead, the 13 axe are dead.” The tall and sturdy thunder uncle communicated. “Can’t you see from the 13 armors and helmets traces of blood dripping down? Since you all still have some bit of strength, can’t you sense that there’s no energy coming from them at all?”

“It’s true, there are blood stains.”

“No energy at all.”

“My god, I, didn’t see wrongly did I?. That stupid one called Feng… no that powerful black armored guy casually made a move and simultaneously killed 13 people, and the 13 axe actually couldn’t even retaliate?”

“I just saw 13 black armored warriors simultaneously slashing, the blade work was simply captivating.”

The group of guards were completely subdued.

Blood river world favored strength! And the blade work that captivated them made them tremor within!

“I was really stupid, so stupid!” The tall and sturdy thunder uncle’s body was trembling slightly. “The 1st time I saw this absolute warrior, he wasn’t standing there stupidly looking at the Mangu beast. He didn’t even think of the beast as an opponent. Even the 13 axe with 3 cloud levels, they couldn’t even retaliate and were all killed! Much less the Mangu beast? That group of bastards still said he was stupid…obviously it’s purely us who are stupid! Right, before when the Yu Family and troops wanted to humiliate our young master, they were all scared away. It was definitely him who helped us. Without revealing a trace, he scared away people like Dripping blood until they all fled. That’s a true warrior, absolute warrior!”

The silver armored Na Ke’s gaze at Luo Feng was filled with burning madness.

“Absolute warrior! A true warrior! Absolute warrior!” Na Ke muttered. “ The 13 axe easily killed someone like Yu Yan Ta. And he was a legendary warrior…however big brother Feng actually killed the 13 axe with them unable to even make a move. And they are still standing there motionless, like they didn’t even do anything. This, what kind of strength is this?”

“Young master, this is a true absolute warrior. The training hermit!” Thunder uncle’s face was excited, communicating, “His impression is not bad. You go hurry and get close to him, to be on good terms with such an absolute warrior, is most important for our Na Family.”

“Don’t bother me.” Na Ke didn’t care about anything about the Na Family at the moment. All he felt at this time was excitement!

The excitement from meeting a legendary idol!

Na Ke was nervous within, however he grit his teeth and walked towards Luo Feng.

……

After killing the 13 axe, Luo feng couldn’t be bothered with the stunned guards. He was using his spirit energy to scan over the bodies of the 13 axe along with Yu Yan Ta.

“These 13 axe are wealthy, everyone of them has a space item.” Luo Feng’s scan had confirmed. Controlling his spirit energy be it space bracelets to wrist bands, arm guards, space belts, he took all the items from their bodies and kept them within his space ring.

“Let’s see what’s in them.”

Luo Feng flipped his hand and retrieved a bracelet, using his spirit energy to pry it and check.

“Feng, big brother Feng.” An excited and nervous voice resounded.

Luo Feng turned, looking at the flushed red faced nervous and excited silver armored youth Na Ke. At this time the youth took a deep breath, his eyes barely containing his excitement and worship, “Big brother Feng, are you the legendary warrior who remains low profile and constantly roaming about the continent, hermit?”

“Hermit?” Luo Feng was stunned, following which he nodded and smiled, “I guess so.”

“Ah!”

Na Ke was extremely excited, “I heard that the hermits are low profile and powerful. They travel from world to world, constantly roaming, and their sights are extremely broad, having been to many mysterious places. Like the Blood demon ocean, Forbidden mountains, Ancient god ruins etc, have you been there?”

Luo Feng realized.

The youth before him was worshipping him, asking if he had been to these places. However…

Just what were these places he was speaking of.

He’s been to the dark universe, primal universe primal chaos city, world within a world, absolute beginning secret region, and even to the Virtual Universe Company’s headquarters. However! The Blood demon ocean, Forbidden mountains, Ancient god ruins within Blood river world, he had never even heard of them.

“I haven’t been there.” Luo Feng smiled and shook his head. “Maybe there’ll be a chance in the future.”

“Hm.” Na Ke was extremely excited. “I heard that the Blood demon ocean is 800 worlds away from us! Even the leader of a world city would take very long to get there.”

Luo Feng was shocked within.

The distance wasn’t far, however there was no flying ship technology in Blood river world. One could only fly himself. With the high gravity, how long would it take to fly 800 worlds away?

The world distance of the aboriginals of blood river continent, referred to the area territory of a world. Every world territory had a diameter of hundreds of millions of km up to billions of km! With such an area, even if one travelled 100,000km a day, it would still take 10,000 days to pass through 1 world.

800 worlds…

How many years would that take?

Luo Feng and Na Ke’s team walked towards the distant and vast swallow mound city. He walked while checking the items left behind by the 13 axe.

From the check, Luo Feng had some unexpected surprises.

“There’s actually so much currency, the 13 axe are indeed wealthy. Hm, with these, it will be much more convenient.” Luo Feng wasn’t too excited about the money. What he was truly excited for was, “There’s actually so many books. Most of them were training methods and so on, but there was a large amount of books with common knowledge and information about exploring the continent, similar to encyclopedias.”

The techniques and skills, Luo Feng couldn’t even be bothered with.

Having seen the Time space scribbles’ thousands of techniques, Luo Feng could easily create skills that were better than these.

It couldn’t even compare!

The training of Blood river world, couldn’t even compare in any way with humanity’s sacred training land primal chaos city.

“Common knowledge, encyclopedias.” Luo Feng randomly picked one and this book used a soft but sturdy material. On it were 3 words… “Blood river crystal.”

“Before, I was still worried about not knowing any information on the crystals. Yet, right now I have a book that explains in detail.” Luo Feng was very happy. The money didn’t mean much to him, he walked while using his spirit energy to scan the book and swiftly read through it and understanding the detailed information on the crystals.

Blood river crystals, the gems of the entire continent.

It had incomparable mysterious energy.

It was a treasure given to the continent by gods.

Only the high and mighty undying shrines would occasionally give the world’s a blood river crystal. Other than these shrines! No other power or person could create the crystals, even to the point of where they came from or how they are created.

Blood river crystals can be absorbed into the body, producing an incomparably mysterious effect! (As to its mystery? These books could only guess, not publicly explaining its effects.)

However not everyone could absorb the crystals into their bodies, as it had high requirements on the warrior. Under normal circumstances, warriors who had massacred more would find it easier to absorb one crystal.

The blood river crystal was something every warrior from the vast continent seeked.

However…

It was simply too valuable and rarely seen!

In the vast continent, the undying shrines had set a rule: Domain level (Domain lord) warriors, only after absorbing one blood river crystal will he have the right to dominate a territory. Normal Domain level’s have no right to become city leader.

World level (Sector lord) Warriors, they too have to absorb one crystal to have the right to dominate a world city!

……

Blood river crystals were rare and valuable! And absorbing them was even harder.

Just one alone was difficult, absorbing two would have 10 times the requirements on the body, 3 crystals would have a 1,000 times the requirements! The further one goes, the harsher the requirements!

There was a saying on the continent…

A warrior who has absorbed 3 blood river crystals would have incomparable mysterious powers. Such a warrior would be named a blood warrior. And the blood warrior can go acquire the Blood river medal from the world city, they were the pride of the continent.

A warrior who has absorbed 10 blood river crystals would be called a Black warrior. He can go to the undying shrine to acquire the valuable black river medal.

The legendary blood warrior, it took countless years to produce one.

Black warrior?

It was purely a saying. No one even knew if there ever was a black warrior. In the last trillion years, maybe there wasn’t even one.

“So it’s like that.” Luo Feng closed the book and filled with glee within. “No wonder acquiring the blood warrior title gives 100,000 points. And acquiring one blood river crystal alone only gives 10,000 points. These two are obviously different in difficulty.”

He looked up.

Ahead was the entrance of the ancient city that was 100 zhang tall.

He had finally arrived at Swallow Mound city!


Chapter 496: Pure Feather Family

As the center of a ten million km area, Swallow mound city’s walls were about 300m high. It was so long, that one couldn’t even see the end in sight. It was almost like an endless black mountain range. And the door of the city was close to 100m wide and 200m tall. A group of scaled armored fierce looking soldiers stood there to collecting the entrance fee.

“Quick, pay up.”

“You wish to enter without money? You must be looking to die!” The group of intimidating soldiers carried either a large blade each, or huge axe, were yelling and shouting occasionally.

With a glance, Luo Feng was able to determine that the aboriginals of Blood river world were indeed very strong. Even these soldiers were all star traveller 5 and up. If they were placed on earth, any one of them would be considered to have a presence of a demon god. Of course, on blood river world, they were only normal soldiers.

“Young master Na Ke is here.”

“Hurry and make way, let Master Na Ke enter the city.” The intrepid soldiers were incredibly passionate, not even collecting the entrance fee from Na Ke and his team. However, that thunder uncle still smiled happily and brandished a black currency, “For you and the brothers to have a drink.” The leading soldier took it normally, becoming extra friendly.

Wine, whether it was made through fruits or grains, consisted of millions of different types of drinks, all under the same name.

“I wonder what the wine of blood river world tastes like.” Luo Feng revealed a smile.

After entering the city.

Na Ke said passionately, “Big brother Feng, I’m very familiar with this city. Why not stay at my house for a bit? After a bit of rest, I’ll bring you around the city to take a look. Even though this city is huge, there isn’t a place I don’t know.”

“Yes, Lord Feng.” Beside, Thunder uncle too was all smiles, and behind him the guards all looked on at Luo Feng, not making a sound.

To be able to instantly kill the 13 axe…

What kind of person was he?

In Swallow mound, there were indeed quite a few powers capable of such a feat. However, for one to single handedly kill all them, such an absolute warrior was countable by one hand.

“No need, we’ll part here.” Luo Feng said.

He had already finished reading the details of the blood river crystal.

Hence, he had already formulated a plan on how to complete the mission. At the same time, Luo Feng didn’t want to get too close to the Na Family. Afterall, if he ended up staying with them…there would be trouble after.

“Part?” Na Ke was stunned. Thunder uncle’s expression too was nervous, thinking, “This absolute warrior is just leaving?”

Na Ke nodded, looking at Luo Feng, “Big brother Feng, if I wish to see you in the city, will I be able to?”

Luo Feng looked at the silver armored youth before him, smiling, “Where’s the best hotel in swallow mound?”

“Flying cloud pavilion.” The silver armored youth said.

“Hm, if you wish to find me, then go there.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Hm.” Na Ke nodded.

Following which Luo Feng turned and walked into the long path that seemed to stretch on forever, his silhouette became a blur and in an instant he had gone far away. Na Ke, thunder uncle and the guards all watched the distant black armored mysterious warrior who was carrying a blade and shield. Thunder uncle said excitedly, “ In my entire lifetime, this was probably the strongest warrior I’ve ever gotten close to.”

“Hm.” Na Ke nodded.

“Let’s go young master, we’ll go home.” The tall and sturdy thunder uncle said. “The matters of this Lord Feng, it’s best that we tell the old master. Especially about the Yu Family matters, we have to tell him too. I feel that it’s probably no small matter.”

“Go, return home.”

Na Ke brought his guards and swiftly rushed home. Swallow mound was simply too huge, a city with an area of 1,000km. Na Ke and his group took close to an hour to get home.

Na Family, they were considered one of the higher merchant families in Swallow mound. As Swallow mound territory expanded over 10 million km in area, compared to the diameter of earth which was only about 10,000km. Such a huge city, naturally resulted in the population being huge as well. Also, the number of family powers too was vast like the fish and shrimp in the ocean.

Na Family, Yu Family, they were considered the middle level families. Organizations like the 13 axe were the upper powers.

Na Family mansion.

Dressed in a beautiful black robe, the silver haired man’s expression was stunned. He was shocked as he listened to his son Na Ke and thunder uncle’s story.

“Extremely powerful, dad. You didn’t see…the leader of the 13 axe killed that Yu Yan Ta like killing livestock, just one axe strike and he died. However the 13 axe against Big brother Feng, didn’t even have any resistance. I only saw 13 silhouettes and 13 blade flashes, the 13 axe couldn’t even react before they died.”

“Yes old master, young master is speaking the truth.”

“How, how can that be?”

The silver haired middle aged man Nabu calmed down after a while.

To accomplish so much for the Na Family business, he was careful and meticulous.

“This warrior, absolute warrior.” Nabu looked on at his own son, “Where is he?”

“We split after we entered the city. I invited him to stay here with us but he didn’t accept it. However, he said if we wished to see him we can go to Flying cloud pavilion.” Na Ke said, his eyes gleamed, “Dad, let’s go there now.”

“No!”

Nabu frowned and said softly, “This absolute warrior chose to separated after entering the city. Obviously he doesn’t want to get too close to us! You…you tell me the entire story of how you met him in detail again once more to me.”

“Yes.” Na Ke immediately began his story.

The more he listened, the more Nabu’s expression relaxed, finally he smiled.

“Father?” Na Ke looked at his father.

“Haha, keke, you are lucky.” Nabu smiled. “From what you’ve said, it seems this mysterious warrior Feng doesn’t like to slaughter. If he can avoid it, he wouldn’t kill others. And he doesn’t like to get too close to anyone, however he has a good impression of you. Otherwise he wouldn’t agree to let you go see him.”

Na Ke replied excitedly, “Then we should go now…”

“No.” Nabu shook his head, “You just split and now you want to rush over already? If you meet him right away, he wouldn’t appreciate it. No rush, we’ll wait till tomorrow. Tomorrow we’ll pay a visit to the warrior Feng. Alright, Lei Dong, accompany the young master back.”

“Yes.”

The tall and sturdy thunder uncle brought Na Ke and left, leaving only Nabu in the room. The silver haired Nabu’s eyes gleamed like that of an old fox. He said softly, “Feng? Yu Family? What exactly did the Yu Family do to even arouse the 13 axe to rob and kill them…”

Swallow mound city.

Luo Feng wasn’t in a rush to head to the hotel. He first took a good walk about the city, finding a random place to eat and drink, and to listen to the customers and their conversations. This way, he was able to understand more about the affairs within the city.

Blood river continent didn’t have a sun or moon.

However because of the movement of the 18 levels of clouds above, it made the continent shine and dim at different times, that became their day. One day on blood river continent was about earth’s 7 days.

……

In Swallow mound city, Flying cloud pavilion was the most luxurious hotel. It had a diameter of 10km. This was bigger than some of earth’s county cities. Its interior was beautiful, and it could hold up to 500,000 guests. The crowd flowed in and out daily. With a large amount of people entering and leaving the country everyday, the business here was very good.

In the lobby of flying cloud pavilion, there were 100 staff members stationed.

“Room.” Luo Feng looked at the little young lady dressed in a black fur dress.

“We have the ground level, Sky level, cloud level, which do you wish to stay in? As for price, the wall there shows it all.” The lady smiled and replied.

“Cloud level.” Luo Feng muttered.

“Cloud level room 2, daily rate of 3 large currency.” The lady within smiled.

Luo Feng reached and took out a purple currency and threw it on the table, the lady immediately grabbed it and began to work on Luo feng’s reservation. The currency of Blood river world was shaped like little blades. The currency denominations were split into little blade (Red, called little currency), middle blade (Black, middle currency), large blade (Green, large currency), and above that the most expensive purple blade (Called treasure currency).

1 middle currency was worth 1,000 little currency.

1 large currency was worth 1,000 middle currency.

1 treasure currency was worth 1,000 large currency.

In the luxurious flying cloud pavilion, the most luxurious room was the cloud level, it required 3 large currencies a night, akin to 3 million little currencies. This was not a place normal people could live in. And Luo Feng, having killed the 13 axe…had acquired all of their wealth. This amount of wealth was much more than the Na family’s and Yu Family’s fortune combined. This little bit of money didn’t bother him at all.

“Lord, this way.”

A handsome youth dressed in staff attire respectfully led the way. Located in front of Luo Feng was a 3 storey building with a flower garden and pond, outside its yard were the words cloud level.

“Not bad.” Luo Feng looked through it properly. After a satisfying nod, he sat in the living room chair and looked at the waiter before him.

“Whatever orders Lord has and whenever you wish to order them, please go ahead and call us. I’ll be serving you for the days you stay in our flying cloud pavilion.” The young waiter said respectfully.

“This is the first time I’m entering Swallow mound city. I want you to tell me which places here are special, what big figures and powers there are.” Luo Feng took out a jade green crystal blade currency. “The more detailed your information is, and if I’m satisfied, the better your reward will be.”

The waiter looked at the jade green currency and his eyes gleamed, saying, “I’ve lived in Swallow mound city for over 200 years, and stayed in flying cloud pavilion close to 100 years. I have heard much.” The waiter immediately began to tell an endless depiction of everything. He was extremely excited, revealing all the big figures and important people there are in the city.

He spoke for two whole hours before ending. He did not even take a breath in between.

“Hm.” Luo Feng listened and nodded.

“Very well, you’ve spoken well.” Luo Feng’s voice seemed to have some magic, causing the waiter’s eyes to seem lifeless and dazed. “Here’s some reward for you, leave now.”

The jade green currency landed in his hand. Only at this point did he awake from the daze. In his mind however, he couldn’t remember anything about Luo Feng’s questioning from before. One had to know, Luo Feng could already use the slave imprint skill. Hence, against this star traveller punk, it was as easy as sleeping.

“Thank you lord, thank you lord.” The waiter grabbed the currency excitedly and left.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng closed his eyes. In his mind everything the waiter had said before flashed through. His understanding of Swallow mound city was much clearer now.

Pure Feather family? Looks like…if anything, this pure feather family would have the highest possibility of having a blood river crystal.” Luo Feng muttered.


Chapter 497: Ancient God Ruins

The waiter’s explanation was very detailed about the many families within Swallow mound territory, the various organizations, sects and so on. These powers were split into different levels, Super, High, Mid, lower etc.

Na Family and Yu Family, these were mid level powers. The 13 axe was considered a High level power.

In the entire Swallow mound territory, there were three super powers!

They were the Rockwind family, the Pure feather family and the Hulei family.

The Hulei family was a certain savage group, the Rockwind family was the city leader’s family and the Pure feather family was the number 1 business family.

“Blood river crystals, they are extremely valuable. These three super powers have the highest possibility of having them.” Luo Feng sat there, tapping on the armrest. “As for the highest possibility among these three, that would undoubtedly be the Rockwind family. The 2nd would be the Pure feather family. As for the Hulei family, they are simply too far away, there’s no need to go there.”

A Domain level (domain lord), needed to fuse with 1 blood river crystal to acquire the recognition of the undying shrine, gaining the right to become a city leader.

Hence…

The city leader would definitely have already fused with 1 crystal. And as the most powerful in the territory, he’d have the highest possibility of having another. If one was the city leader, having already fused with 1 crystal, one would definitely try and get another crystal to fuse with once again.

“However, he is a domain lord!”

“And I’m only universe level 9. Of course…my domain is itself at level 9 and I am proficient in space and gold origin laws. I have confidence in killing a normal domain lord at level 2 or 3.. What I’m afraid of is that he’s domain lord level 7 or 8.” Luo Feng shook his head. Before finding out the exact details of his enemy, he thought it best not to mess with the city leader first.

To be able to control Swallow mound territory, that city leader wasn’t good to mess with.

“The target then should be Pure feather family leader!” Luo Feng squinted his eyes, gleaming coldly.

Although the plan has been set, the Pure feather family was still one of the strongest families in the Swallow mound territory. Within this family, there were many cloud levels (Universe level), and even one Domain level (domain lord) old man training. However, that was only from what the waiter had heard, whether it was true was still unknown.

……

The 2nd day, early in the morning.

Luo Feng’s spirit energy spread out through the space ripples. Through these ripples, he could feel the energy levels within 10km. “Hm? Na Ke is here?” Luo Feng opened his eyes.

“Na Ke, cloud level room 2.” Luo Feng communicated.

……

The Na father and son, after arriving at flying cloud pavilion were prepared to ask around as to where that mysterious Lord Feng was staying. Within Na Ke’s mind, a voice resounded, “Na Ke, cloud level room 2.”

“Father, Cloud level room 2.” Na Ke said softly.

“How do you know?” Nabu looked shocked at his son.

“Big brother Feng sent the message to me mentally.” Na Ke said. Nabu, who listened to this was utterly shocked. This mysterious Lord Feng was terrifying. Even without meeting them personally and from such a distance, he already came to know that they were there.

“Let’s go!”

Nabu and Na Ke entered the flying cloud pavilion. Even though the cloud level forbid others from entering, the Na family was a regional tyrant family, others would easily help them. When the two of them arrived at Luo Feng’s room, they saw the black armored man standing in the yard.

“Big brother Feng.” Na Ke shouted.

“Nabu greets Lord Feng. Thank you for saving my son’s life.” A silver haired Nabu bowed respectfully.

“Come in.” Luo Feng smiled.

In the living room.

Luo Feng and Nabu both sat, Na Ke stood by his father’s side.

“Lord Feng, if it weren’t for you yesterday, my son would have lost his life.” Nabu exclaimed. “Last night, the entire Yu family was uprooted. Yu family, they too are a family that’s deeply rooted here, yet because of that one mistake their entire family business was destroyed. Yesterday, my son was almost dragged into it. Just thinking about it makes me afraid.”

“Uprooted?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Hm, I just got the most accurate news.” Nabu exclaimed and shook his head. “The Yu family actually had borrowed a huge sum of money, to get a set of armor from an ancient god ruin. They found the information about this by means of a secret channel.. However, It was a pity that their team was destroyed yesterday. According to them, the armor was taken away too. The Yu family has no way to return such a huge sum, much less the interest. Hence…those that lent the money raged and killed the family and stole all their fortune. Even then, they were not satisfied.”

“The ancient god ruins, what kind of place is that? Also, is a piece of armor that important?” Luo Feng asked.

“Lord Feng doesn’t know?” Nabu was surprised.

“Big brother Feng, even I’ve heard of the ancient god ruins.” Na Ke smiled.

“I only know that’s an ancient battlefield, a vast and huge battlefield.” Luo Feng said, “I’m only curious as to why an armor from that battlefield is so valuable.”

From the common knowledge books from the 13 axe space rings, Luo Feng came to understand several special places within blood river world.

One of which was the ancient god ruins, it however had very little information.

Ancient god ruins: Diameter 100 billion km, vast and endless, ancient battlefield.

The book didn’t explain more.

Nabu smiled, “The ancient god ruins, most people only know that it’s an ancient battlefield. However, me being a business man, through my special channels, I have come to know of several secret pieces of information. I believe that Lord Feng knows about the Outsiders?”

“I do.” Luo Feng nodded.

“The outsiders are extremely strong and powerful.” Nabu exclaimed. “ In theory, any cloud level warrior can fly out of the 18 levels of clouds, to outer space. However, any warrior that flies out through space would be killed by the outsiders living in the space!”

“We have no way to enter space. However that’s good too, as the outsiders find it hard to descend.” Nabu smiled. “I heard that every time they descend, they have to pay a huge price too.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

A huge price?

“This happened very very long ago, in an ancient period.” Nabu exclaimed, “At that time, the strong in Blood river continent were like the clouds, much more than now! And at the time…the outsiders descended. The powerful warriors from the outsiders clashed with the undying army from our side and the gods battled there!”

“God battle?” Luo Feng blinked.

“Our blood river continent had heavy losses, as the ancient undyings all fell. However, even though the sacrifice was huge, we managed to chase the outsiders out!” Nabu’s eyes gleamed. “After that battle, the outsiders never launched another huge invasion like before. And that huge battleground for the undyings back then…became known as the ancient god ruins. Although it’s extremely vast, it was indeed a broken piece of ruins.”

The youth Na ke beside stood, his eyes gleaming. “Large amounts of undyings forming an army, and god armies fighting each other. This is incredibly shocking.”

Luo Feng smiled.

Ancient god ruins?

Maybe large amounts of undyings had indeed battled there. However, to say that the outsiders were defeated, that was a joke. Not including the other powers…just the Virtual Universe Company’s knights or universe country leaders, any one of them would be able to easily destroy the entire blood river world.

“The ancient god ruins have a large amount of the special weapons and armors from the outsiders. Also, some of the armors from the fallen undyings, even if broken, are still very valuable.” Nabu said. “And the Killing aura in the ruins is extremely heavy. A few warriors who have weaker consciousness that entered would get taken over by the killing aura, and be driven completely mad.”

“However, there are still many that enter the ancient god ruins looking for the treasures left behind by the undying.”

“Also, people with strong killing auras absorb the blood river crystals easier. Hence, a lot of warriors do not care about the dangers within the ruins.” Nabu exclaimed, “Anyway, the ancient god ruins is a terrifying place. It’s a the place that entices the most, and a lot of the strong warriors from our continent flock there.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng frowned.

Killing aura?

Blood river crystal?

From the book he read before, the more one slaughtered, the easier it was to absorb the crystals. And Nabu said so too, the stronger one’s killing aura was, the easier it was to absorb the crystals. Hence, countless warriors flock there.

“So, slaughtering is to raise one’s killing aura.” Luo Feng thought. “This blood river crystal, just what kind of treasure is it? Why is it so that the strong one’s killing aura is, the easier it is to absorb?”

“Ancient god ruins!”

“If I acquire a few crystals and I am not able to absorb them, I can go there to try it out.” Luo Feng thought.

The Na father and son’s arrival made Luo Feng happy, because he came to know more information about the ancient god ruins. This was linked to whether or not he could become a blood warrior.

……

Flying cloud pavilion, Luo Feng’s place.

Luo Feng entered the virtual universe. Even though he was currently on a mission, the training mission didn’t conflict with his own study of the laws.

……

Yu Xiang Mountain, Absolute beginning region, Wuka’s villa.

“Rong Jun, Luo Feng, I heard that you two have begun the training missions.” Wuka looked at Luo Feng and Rong Jun. “What level did you two choose?”

“Difficult.” Rong Jun said.

“Luo Feng you?” Wuka looked at him, Rong Jun too looked over.

“Dangerous level.” Luo Feng said.

At that moment, both of them were shocked. Wuka stared wide eyed: “Luo Feng, it’s your first mission and you chose dangerous? That’s too risky!”

“It is dangerous indeed. In fact, I have a small problem right now.” Luo Feng was helpless.

“Although I’m doing the difficult level, I don’t even dare to be careless. Madman, you really are crazy.” Rong Jun smiled and shook his head.

Even though a thread of his consciousness was in the virtual universe network, his actual self was in blood river world’s Swallow mound city planning his mission against the Pure feather family. Firstly, he had to know what the leader looked like. This way, he can confirm his target. Next, he had to be clear about the mansion in which they stayed in.

“No problem.” Luo Feng shook his head. “Hm, I have to go. I’m doing something big today, I cannot be distracted.”

“Good luck.” Wuka said.

“Don’t go losing your life to the mission.” Rong Jun warned.

“Relax.” Luo Feng shook his head and smiled, following which he vanished and left the virtual universe network.

Blood river world, Swallow mound city, night.

After 6 days of serious study and preparation, Luo Feng became a gust of wind and without a sound or trace left flying cloud pavilion. In an instant, he arrived at a luxurious mansion that took up 10km in area. This was a mansion which was second only to the city leader’s.

“Pure feather family!”

The air shook, a silhouette appeared in mid air outside the walls of the mansion. Of course it was Luo Feng.


Chapter 498: Late Night Carnage

Luo Feng didn’t wear his black armor today. Instead, he was dressed in a long black robe and stood empty handed by the wall.

“Pure feather family?” Luo Feng smiled. Hu! His entire being vanished into the wind, without a trace or sound, entering deep into the luxurious mansion.

……

Pure Feather mansion took up 10km in area. It was split into the outer mansion and inner mansion. The outer mansion were for lower or more ordinary members of the family, hence the security around there was more lax. However, it was obvious that the security around the inner mansion was tighter.

Shua!

Shua!

Shua!

A black robed man took 3 simple steps, within the dark vegetation, walls, walkways 3 images appeared, and he had already reached near the inner mansion.

“The blood river crystal mission is one of the dangerous missions. It won’t be that easy to acquire it.” Luo Feng half squatted below a huge rock. His gaze swept the area and his spirit energy connected with the universe space, feeling the surrounding life energies. “The energies within the inner mansion is obviously much stronger. Just the universe levels alone, there are quite a few!”

To wander in casually was impossible.

Sou! Luo Feng was incomparably serious. As he unleashed his illusionary movement, his entire being became a silhouette in the dark night, almost like a tiger with wings, and he swiftly entered the inner mansion.

“Be serious, don’t look like you are falling asleep.”

“Captain, who would dare invade the Pure feather family mansion? There’s no need to be that serious.”

“Not being serious is fine, however you still have to at least put up an act. Otherwise it’ll be bad if you are discovered. I am saying this for your own good.”

A guard team was patrolling the inner mansion, the guards were walking and communicating.

Hu!

From behind them, a blurry silhouette swiftly flashed past them, reaching deeper into the inner mansion. When Luo Feng used the Illusionary movement, he was even harder to detect. Plus, he was following the flow of the universe space and dodged all the dark sentries. However, this had shocked Luo Feng, as the security was extremely tight. The 2nd most powerful family next to the city leader’s family, was definitely no joke.

“Ahead is that useless advisor’s living quarters.” Luo Feng stuck to the stone pillar in the walkway. Almost like a shadow, his eyes were gazing coldly at the distant quiet quarters.

Shua!

Luo Feng resonated with the ripples of the universe space, forming 3 peculiar arcs and entered the quiet pavilion.

Pavilion 2nd level.

Dressed in a white robe, a pale skinny man sat at his study desk, thinking about something.

There was definitely a large group of tacticians in these large families, as such business families favored these tacticians more. As for this white robed man, he was the Pure feather family’s highest ranking tactician, the most favored Yu Ke Qi. He held an extremely high position in the family.

Just from his quarters being in the inner mansion and having such a big and quiet pavilion, one could see his status.

“Yu Ke Qi.” A voice resounded.

“Hm?” The white robed man trembled. He turned to look behind him, where stood a black robed black haired man.

“Master!”

The white robed man bowed respectfully, his eyes filled with a burning loyalty.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded. These past 6 days, in order to get every detail on the Pure feather family, he planned carefully and studied from many angles, and did not just rely on the general information he got from the city’s systems. He had also used soul control techniques on a few important people within the family to do a proper check.

As for these soul techniques, his teacher, the master of the Yun Mo Planet Hu Yan Bo who specialized in the soul aspect, had great accomplishments in them. He could even do slave imprints, naturally there were many other lesser techniques. And the Time Space scribbles 1st book too had many soul techniques.

Against this white robed man, he had only used a technique akin to hypnosis.

“I want to see your family leader now, are you ready?” Luo Feng asked.

“Please relax master, I am the trusted aide of the family leader, he has complete trust in me. Even if I wanted to see him late at night, it won’t be a problem.” The white robed Yu Ke Qi was extremely confident.

“You lead the way.” Luo Feng said.

“Yes.”

The white robed Yu Ke Qi said respectfully, “Master only has to follow behind me.” Following which, he immediately went downstairs with Luo Feng following him.

“Creak!” After opening the door, Yu Ke Qi brought Luo Feng about publicly.

Walking along the walkways, they were extremely silent.

“Hm?” Luo Feng could see a guard team in the distance walking over. The leader of the team looked at the white robed man and smiled, “Mr Yu.”

“Hm.” Yu Ke Qi nodded indifferently.

The guard team didn’t even question who was the black robed man and left. Yu Ke Qi communicated mentally, “Master please relax, because of the occasional important matters, I would have talks with the family leader late at night. I would also occasionally bring people to meet him. Even though I am usually instructed to bring these people, the guards don’t know anything. Hence, there’s absolutely no problem in me bringing someone along.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

They continued.

1 level after another.

Luo Feng simply walked about openly from sentry to sentry. They didn’t even have any reaction. No matter what, the two of them continued deeper into the mansion.

“The deeper we go, the tighter the security is. Even if I wish to enter here without anyone noticing me, it would be impossible.” Luo Feng looked ahead at the vast surroundings. With just a glance, he was able to determine that there were at least 1,000 people patrolling. Obviously, they had already reached the family’s core.

“Open the door!” Yu Ke Qi shouted.

“Yes Mr Yu, please wait a moment.” Immediately the guards opened the door.

Under the surveillance of 1,000 guards, Yu Ke Qi brought Luo Feng into the core of the mansion.

“Master, this is already the core area of the family. The family leader, the important disciples and a few absolute powers, treasure troves, dojo etc are all here.” Yu Ke Qi communicated. “The family leader’s living quarters isn’t far from here. Hm, at last, we’ve arrived to the front of the palace.”

Luo Feng carefully examined it.

Ahead was a 500m long and wide ancient wall, and within it was a 9 storey high palace. Outside the palace, stood two guards.

“Open the door.” Yu Ke Qi said.

“Who is he?” Of the two guards, the one on the left frowned and pointed at Luo Feng.

“He’s someone the leader wants to meet.” Yu Ke Qi frowned. “Hurry and open the door.”

“The leader didn’t inform us of meeting anyone late at night today.” The left guard continued to carefully analyze Luo Feng. He coldly said “And at this time, the leader has already begun to rest.”

“The leader has long wanted to meet him, however there hasn’t been a chance. Today I’ve managed to bring this lord over, of course I brought him here immediately.” The white robed Yu Ke Qi’s expression was serious, ordering, “Are you willing to bear the consequences? Hurry and open the door!”

Luo Feng frowned, communicated, “What’s the matter?”

“Master, normally these two don’t even bother to stop me. However, they are acting a bit strange today.” Yu Ke Qi replied mentally, he was suspicious too.

“Why aren’t you opening the door?” Yu Ke Qi’s expression was ugly Roaring, “What’s up with you two?”

The two guards’ expressions changed.

One of them smiled embarrassedly and said, “Mr Yu, we two brothers don’t actually wish to stop you. Only today, the leader just got his hands on…anyway, it’s not convenient for guests. If he was disturbed, he would very unhappy. If he really wishes to meet this man…we brothers will pass the message?”

“Ah.” The white robed Yu Ke Qi frowned and communicated to Luo Feng, “Master, the leader is currently with a woman, what do we do?”

“Enter!” Luo Feng communicated.

Under the effects of the soul technique, Yu Ke Qi couldn’t reject Luo Feng’s order. Looking at the guard, “Go pass the word! The leader meeting this lord is more important than screwing some woman.”

“Ok.” The two guards immediately opened the door and one of them headed in.

……

Luo Feng stood outside and was looking through the open door.

“Leader, leader.” The guard that went in shouted seriously within the palace.

“What’s the matter?” An enraged voice resounded.

“What’s the matter.” A sweet voice resounded.

“Family leader, Mr Yu has brought someone over. He’s saying that he’s someone you’ve been wanting to meet. Leader, will you meet him?” The guard asked.

“Mr Yu has brought someone?” Suddenly the large door on the 1st level of the palace rumbled open. A casually dressed bare footed tall and sturdy man in a luxurious night gown looked out, his gaze landing on the black robed Luo Feng. He immediately began to grow suspicious.

“Anymore and the plot will be revealed.” Luo Feng became a blur and rushed into the yard.

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

9 black silhouettes immediately rushed down from the upper levels of the palace. Simultaneously, silhouettes covered the skies and lands, rushing from all sides of the yard inwards.

The Pure feather family leader, his position was incredibly high and mighty. How could he not have personal bodyguards?

300 bodyguards!

9 great shadow guards!

“There’s actually 9 universe levels, a super power is indeed a super power.” A black robed Luo Feng had a cold expression on. His eyes were ice cold as his arms extended.

The 300 guards and 9 shadow guards that rushed out, were all originally holding battle blades or knives, or their own personal weapons, and were prepared to control them to assassinate Luo Feng. However, under Luo Feng’s powerful spirit energy control, the 300 guards used their own weapons to pierce their own heads!

“No!” The 300 guards and 9 shadow guards, along with the 2 guards at the door stared with fear. However, their strengths weren’t enough to control their own weapons!

Shua!

With flashes of blades, knives, weapons!

311 heads were sliced off. Fresh blood floated in the darkness of the night. Only 3 people remained alive in the yard.

The white robed Yu Ke Qi stood there stupidly and the family leader of the Pure feather family had fear in his eyes. Only Luo Feng’s black robe swished, expressionless.

Shua!

In one step, Luo Feng had already reached beside the leader and grabbed him by the neck, like grabbing a little chicken. Following that, with just one step, his entire being vanished.


Chapter 499: Pure Feather Tao

Pure Feather family was far more ancient that the recent Rock Wind family. The strongest warrior in Swallow mound territory was coincidentally from the Pure feather family!

Pure feather Tao!

Domain lord level 6, he was the oldest in the family currently. He was also the strongest and the true person controlling the family from the shadows. He was the true man with power! Just like how the Black Dragon Mountain empire had an emperor, with many generations of successive emperors. In truth however, the person with the true power was the god leader of the Sacred land Black Dragon Mountain.

Pure feather Tao was the man that was truly in control!

……

A Pavilion that was completely purple with 3 levels, and the entire staircase was built with wood that was dyed purple. Just the cost of this construct alone was more expensive than the entire Pure feather family’s other territories.

3rd level.

A black bearded middle aged man dressed in a loose robe sat quietly on his bed with his eyes shut. Suddenly, a powerful energy ripple rushed from the north east direction (Blood river world had other directions. East, south, west, and north were uniform. However, the absolute directions were different from earth’s.)

“Hm?” Pure feather Tao’s expression grew serious, immediately spreading out his spirit energy to sweep the area.

Because he was a fighter, when compared to a spirit reader, his spirit energy was much weaker. However, when one reaches the domain lord level, sweeping with spirit energy was still an easy thing to do.

Rumble!

With the pavilion as the center, the torrent of spirit energy rippled in all directions, immediately sweeping the entire mansion and that particular palace. As he checked, his expression changed immediately. Sou, he rushed out from the bed and vanished.

Within the palace that the family leader resided in, the smell of blood filled the air, as over 300 bodies were on the ground. Red and white stains the ground, it was disgusting to look at. And about the same time these 300 over people just fell, a bearded middle aged man in a loose grey robe floated in the air above the palace. His eyes were raging as he looked down below.

The palace’s 2nd level window was open and through it a beautiful woman was peaking through. “Ah!” After spotting the blood that flowed like a river, the scene caused her to shriek.

“Hmph!”

In mid air Pure feather Tao’s expression changed.

Rumble!

Mud yellow energy waves immediately engulfed the palace. Simultaneously, the waves wrapped itself around the white robed Yu Ke Qi and the lady that was hiding in the palace, dragging them into mid air.

“Speak, what happened?” Pure feather Tao looked at the two, filled with rage.

“This, this, this…”That beautiful lady’s face was pale. However, Yu Ke Qi only shook his head. “I don’t know. I just know that a black silhouette appeared suddenly, and after that I saw these over 300 people use their own weapons to kill themselves. And the family leader was taken away.”

Pure Feather Tao looked at the lady.

“Yes, yes, it was Yu Ke Qi. He brought someone to meet the leader, the leader only went out because of that. I don’t know anything else.” The beautiful lady shook her head.

“Hm?”Pure feather Tao looked at Yu Ke Qi. Yu Ke Qi however had a peculiar smile.

Peng!

His body violently exploded, the bones and other stuff that flew from the explosion pierced through the lady beside him. She stared wide eyed at the three large holes in her chest. Shouting, “Save me!” Almost all people on Blood river world were at least star traveller level, this woman too, hence even with holes in her chest, she hadn’t died yet.

Sou! Sou! Sou!…

From the distance, many silhouettes floated over. It was the family’s strongest warriors and important figures.

“Elder.”

“Elder, what’s going on?”

“Grandfather, what, what is this?” The nurtured upper echelon of the family were all stunned as they looked at the large group of bodies in the palace. My god, amongst them there were the 9 shadow guards…those were the 9 great shadow guards, a formidable force in the Pure feather family. 9 cloud levels!

“Go and look, look for me and bring back the family leader!” Pure feather Tao raged. Simultaneously, his energy waved exploded about, almost like a formless blade piercing straight through that lady, leaving nothing but a mess.

“Yes!”

“Yes!”

The group complied. Actually from seeing the over 300 guards who were all dead, they had already guessed that the outcome of the family leader was not good. From hearing the story…he should have been taken away.

“Bastard!” With mud yellow energy waves surrounding him, like a god in the knight floating in mid air, Pure feather Tao was madly scanning the area with his spirit energy. He was a fighter, hence his spirit energy was more condensed and gentle. Its control and magnitude paled far in comparison to that of a spirit reader.

However!

To simply scan was not a problem at all. As the gravity of blood river world was extremely huge, Pure feather tao’s scan could only be spread up to about 80km.

Where?”

“Where is he?”

Wrapped in the energy, he flew over for around 100km. In the dark night above Swallow mound city, a mud yellow light was swiftly flashing about, suddenly flashing to another region here and there, obviously searching the entire swallow mound city!

……

Swallow mound city, city leader’s mansion.

A tall and sturdy middle aged man with a dark green engraving on his forehead walked along the palace’s railings. He was dressed in a blood red scaled armor. With his cold eyes, he was looking up at the sky, at Pure Feather Tao who was searching all over swallow mound city, as he said softly, “This old punk, what is he raging about?”

“Hmph.”

“To enrage this old punk this much, the Pure feather family must have suffered a huge loss.” His lips curled into a cold smile.

He was the one with the most authority within Swallow mound city, the city leader…Rock Wind Xiong!

However in terms of power, he was still slightly weaker than Pure feather Tao. As for why he was able to become the city leader of swallow mound city, there were two reasons. One of them was because he had absorbed a blood river crystal. The second reason was, because he had special connections with the world city leader in that territory.

Pure feather tao however, even though he was stronger, he couldn’t absorb the blood river crystal. Hence, he didn’t have the right to become leader.

“Go crazy until you die. That would be the best.” Rock wind laughed coldly, following which he gave an order to his underlings, “Go and check to see what exactly happened with the Pure feather family.”

“Yes!”

A soft voice resounded.

The Pure feather family had roots that extended extremely deep into the city. As for this massacre and abduction of their family leader, what level of stupidity was this? To enrage the elder Pure feather tao to such a state that he was searching the whole city personally, and also to activate the entire family and all its departments to madly search about.

At the same time, the city leader’s Rock wind family, along with some other powers, all began to join in. The entire swallow mound city’s undercurrent began to flow.

……

The Yu Family’s Yu Yan Ta was a star level 9, his fleeing max speed had reached 8km per second.

And Luo Feng, who was a universe level 9, with domain level 9, along with high comprehensions of the space origin law could instantly accelerate and reach top speed. His instantaneous acceleration, even with the gravity of blood river world, could reach up to 300km per second.

When Luo Feng had grabbed the family leader back then, he wrapped him in spirit energy and immediately rushed into the skies, flying straight into the cloud levels.

……

In the 15th level 30,000km away from Swallow mound city.

Luo Feng grabbed the family leader and finally stopped.

“What do you want?” Pure feather Chong’s expression was pale. Having had his Dantian destroyed the moment he was grabbed, his soul was now under heavy pressure from Luo Feng’s powerful spirit energy.

“Why are you asking me?” Luo Feng immediately grabbed the space bracelet from Pure feather Chong. Naturally that space bracelet had his spirit imprint. However, Luo Feng’s spirit energy became like a long pike and forcefully broke through the spirit imprint seal, causing Pure feather Chong’s face to go even more pale.

“Quite wealthy.” Luo Feng held onto the bracelet, carefully examining the items within.

“You want money? No problem. However much you want, you will get. Just don’t kill me.” Pure feather chong said. “You are a spirit reader, you can make me forget everything here and I won’t even remember your appearance.”

Luo Feng frowned.

Within the space bracelet…there were no blood river crystals!

“Pure feather Chong.” Luo Feng looked at him.

“Hm?” The family leader Pure feather chong at that point didn’t even behave at all like the Na Family leader. He suddenly felt enticed and hypnotized by the gaze of that black robed youth before him. One second later, his gaze grew dark, and he looked at Luo Feng with passionate respect, “Master!”

“Hm.” Luo Feng stood in the clouds. Looking at Pure feather Chong before him, he said “Let me ask you, do you know who has blood river crystals? Does your Pure feather family have any?”

“Yes!” Pure feather chong said without hesitation.

“Where are they?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“With my family’s elder.” Pure feather chong replied respectfully.

“Elder?” Luo Feng frowned. He had heard of a powerful domain lord within the family, however he hadn’t really confirmed that before.

“Yes, the strongest in the Pure feather family, also the strongest in Swallow mound city.” Pure feather chong said, “The blood river crystal is with him. However, even though he acquired that one, no matter how he tried, he couldn’t absorb it. Hence the city leader position landed in the Rock Wind family’s hands instead.”

“Your family elder is stronger than the city leader?” Luo Feng had heard from him.

“Yes.” Pure feather Chong said respectfully. “The city leader just became a domain level over a hundred years ago. According to the elder, he can only be considered to be within the early stages of the domain level! However my family elder is in the later stages already.”

Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat.

From the looks of it, the city leader was about domain lord level 2 or 3. Afterall, he had only broken through over a hundred years ago. Normal people breaking through required them to slowly absorb the energy. To go from level 1 to 9 required a very long time. Even in the universe, only the most elite of geniuses could receive nurture like Luo Feng’s, as there was no need to waste time in such quantity related training.

“Other than your family’s elder, who else has the crystals?” Luo Feng asked.

“The ones I can confirm are the elder. Another is the general of the Swallow mound army Rock Wind Zan.” Pure feather chong said. “Rock wind Zan, he is the younger brother of city leader rock wind Xiong, he’s on good terms with me. Back then he even took out a crystal to show off to me, saying it was something his older brother gave him to absorb.”

“Ah? One is with your family elder, another is with Rock wind Zan?” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.


Chapter 500: Investigation

Under the influence of the soul technique, the Pure Feather family leader answered everything honestly, there wasn’t any hint of concealing anything.

“Very good.” Luo Feng stood within the clouds and asked, “Do you know if anyone else has the crystals?”

The process of becoming a blood warrior, required one to first acquire 3 blood river crystals and absorb them successful. Only then would they truly be considered to have become a blood warrior! Once Luo Feng knew of the blood warrior and even the legendary black warrior, he naturally had some anticipation within. He wanted to first become a blood warrior and maybe later a black warrior.

Even though in blood river world, the black warrior was but a legend, since such a legend existed, there was a possibility of it happening.

And obviously, with Luo Feng’s personality, he wouldn’t give up without trying.

Everyone all regarded themselves as special and different! Luo Feng was the same, only that he knew himself better than anyone!

“Master, I can confirm that the family elder and the general of the Rock Wind army have the crystals. The rest, I’m unable to guarantee. Although, there are some rumors.” Pure Feather Chong replied respectfully.

“Rumors?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Yes, It is about our city leader Rock wind Xiong. Even though I am unable to confirm if he has the crystals and how many he might have.” Pure feather Chong said, “I can say with high possibility…that the city leader Rock wind Xiong definitely has at least 1 that he hasn’t absorbed.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng looked at Pure feather Chong.

“Rock wind Xiong has an illustrious background, his teacher is the world city leader of this side of the world.” Pure feather Chong explained. “He succeeded in absorbing one crystal a long time ago. He had to wait till he broke through to domain level, after which he quickly became the city leader. And after that, he secretly gave his younger brother 1 crystal.”

“To warriors, having more crystals is a good thing. After absorbing one, they would want to absorb another!”

“Since he could give his younger brother 1 crystal, that means that it wasn’t too hard for him to acquire more, at least there’s a way for him.” Pure feather Chong said confidently, “And with Rock Wind Xiong’s selfish personality, to be able to give his younger brother just one means he would at least have 1 more prepared for himself. I suspect he probably even has more!”

Luo Feng nodded.

It made sense.

……

After which, Luo Feng immediately killed Pure feather Chong and took care of his body. In the dark night, he returned to Swallow mound city’s flying cloud pavilion.

Pure feather family was deeply rooted within Swallow mound city. It’s roots went far deeper than the Rock wind family. If they were to be angered, the entire Swallow mound city would definitely feel their wrath.

Pure feather family mansion, in the 1st level of that 3 level purple wood pavilion, Pure feather elder Tao squinted his eyes in his seat. The rest of the upper echelon of the family along with his grandchildren stood obediently at his sides. Within the large hall knelt 10 people, and outside of the hall knelt a 100.

“Grandfather, these are all the sentries and guard leaders from Yu Ke Qi’s mansion. They all personally saw Yu Ke Qi bring a black robed man.” An old man with white hair, one that looked even older than Pure Feather Tao said respectfully.

“Speak, what did that black robed man look like?” Pure feather Tao closed his eyes and said indifferently.

“No idea.” The old man shook his head.

“Hm?” Pure feather tao revealed a look of rage. He stared hard, his gaze was shooting out visible light beams at the old man.

“They, the 100 of them all saw the black robed man, however none of them can recall his appearance.” The old man continued, “Back then, they didn’t feel anything special about it. Just that this black robed man was very normal and there was nothing special about him. However now when they try and recall, his face appears blurred out in their memories, other than him wearing a black robe, they can’t recall anything else.”

Pure feather Tao turned to look at the group kneeling.

“Elder, we cannot recall, we really cannot recall.”

“We truly saw his face back then, however now no matter how hard we try, we cannot recall.”

“I even stared hard at him then, however now…”

……

The group of sentries all said fearfully.

Pure feather Tao was shocked.

These sentries and guard leaders were all pinnacle sky levels, (Star level 9). To be unknowingly influenced by a warrior, even a universe level spirit level would find it hard to do. One had to have a much stronger spirit energy and consciousness level and control, to reach such a level.

“When did such a warrior appear in Swallow mound city?” Pure feather Tao pondered. “However the fact that he was so careful in entering here means he isn’t a match for me. If he was stronger than me, he wouldn’t have needed to be so careful. Just barging in would have done it.”

“Listen well!”

Pure Feather tao looked coldly at the family’s upper echelon in the hall, “Our Pure feather family’s family leader has been taken away under our surveillance and from under our noses. We don’t even know if he’s alive or dead. This is a humiliation to our family! We have to find this person, otherwise our Pure feather family will be mocked at by countless people in Swallow mound city!”

“Go look!”

“Check every suspicious person properly. The culprit’s strength is at least at pinnacle cloud level, it might very likely be in the domain level! Check from all pathways, see which mysterious warriors have appeared! Remember, even if you’ve found him, don’t make a move. Immediately come inform me instead.” Pure feather Tao looked at the group. “Even if Chong hasn’t been killed, he’s not fit to be the leader anymore. This search for the culprit…is the test I am giving you all. Once this matter is concluded, I will pick the new family leader, go now.”

“Yes!”

The group of upper echelons’ eyes gleamed brightly, they all replied simultaneously and swiftly left.

Time to do their best.

To become the new family leader, these upper echelons would all unleash all their hidden strengths to quickly check all the secret information about the mysterious warriors, or suspected mysterious beings. This way, all the information and news was quickly being gathered.

2nd day, daybreak.

Rumble…10,000 black scaled armored soldiers rose to the sky. It was almost like a black cloud flying over, with a huge tall and sturdy dark red scaled armored leader. His appearance was very similar to the city leader Rock wind Xiong, only with more madness and violence in his aura, his entire being seemed wild and savage.

“Pui!” Rock wind Zhan sat on a Green armored snake, spitting unhappily to the side, “That no good Pure feather Chong, getting abducted away and still asking us for help. Big brother is too much too, asking me to help out!”

“Hehe, however that Pure feather Chong. I wonder who he actually messed with, to actually get taken away from his own mansion. Hearing this makes me happy.” Rock Wind Zhan mocked softly. The two deputy generals beside twitched their faces as they heard this. This general of theirs controlled the Swallow mound army, yet he did whatever he pleased. Him and that Pure feather Chong were good friends, at the same time, they were a couple of scoundrels who wreaked havoc as they pleased.

Scoundrels indeed, Pure feather chong’s death made this Rock wind Zhan happy instead.

And he wasn’t rushed or slow, as he waited for day break to bring the army in to search.

“General, ahead is flying cloud pavilion.” One of the deputy generals said respectfully.

“Hm.”

Rock wind zhan glanced and said indifferently, “Flying cloud pavilion is the best hotel in Swallow mound city. With the culprit’s level of strength and status, there’s a high possibility he would stay there.”

“General, if that person truly wanted to make a move on Pure feather Chong, he probably wouldn’t stay in such a place, but rather somewhere more secure and secluded.” The other deputy general said softly.

“PA!”

Rock wind Zhan slapped the face of that deputy general, causing fresh blood to fly. His entire body and the wild beast below him were both shocked.

“Idiot.” Rock wind Zhan glanced coldly at him, “If I say Flying cloud pavilion, then it is flying cloud pavilion. Don’t you know how to put on a show, do you think we’ll really find the culprit for the Pure feather family?”

That deputy general nodded, not daring to make a sound.

“What an idiot, if you say such stupid things again, I’ll have to change my deputies. Usually you seem pretty smart, has your brain knocked into a wall today?” Rock wind rubbed his chin and looked up. Looking at the distant flying cloud pavilion, “Go, I’ll give you a chance to redeem yourself. Get all of the cloud level guests and the warriors you think are strong within to all come out. I want to take a look at all of them.”

“Yes!” That deputy general who was slapped complied loudly.

……

Immediately, he brought his underlings, a 10,000 strong army to rush into flying cloud pavilion. Flying cloud pavilion’s area had a diameter of 10km, the sudden entrance of such a big army caused a huge ruckus.

“Owner, it’s not that I’m not giving you any face, but you too should know what happened! The general has given the order to get all of your cloud level guests and any guest you think may be powerful warriors to all come out.” That deputy general sat high above on the wild beast and said, the large group soldiers stood behind him.

“Understood.”

“We’ll comply.” That fat small eyed owner gave the order and his large group of helpers led the way.

Cloud level room 2, in a quiet pavilion.

Luo Feng was dressed in a simple robe and was reading a book. It had been half a night since the incident, but according to earth’s time, it had been 2 to 3 days.

“That Pure feather Chong was just killed by me. Right now the entire city is in an uproar, however, it doesn’t affect me. I’ll wait till tonight to make a move on Rock wind Zhan.” Luo Feng made his plans while reading the book, multitasking was very simple for him. Suddenly noise resounded from outside, roars and shouts.

“Quickly!”

“Come out!”

“Lord, its an order by the Rock wind general. Lord, please do me a favor and come out.”

“Quickly.”

“That way, quickly.”

The outside was getting noisier.

Luo Feng frowned when he heard this. He had long guessed that Pure feather Chong’s death would stir a huge commotion, however he didn’t expect them to come to flying cloud pavilion so early in the morning.

The footsteps outside swiftly got louder and louder. Suddenly the yard door was heavily pushed open and 10 soldiers immediately rushed in. Led by a waiter, they walked into the pavilion, the waiter saw Luo Feng within and said apologetically, “Lord, the Rock wind general has given the order to look for the culprit. Lord you should help out.”

“Quickly, come out.”

“Quickly.” The group of soldiers rushed straight in, shouting at Luo Feng.


Chapter 501: Night Investigation

Close to a 1,000 people with various attributes such as people with expensive clothes, or strong auras, or those who were cold and proud, and the cloud level guests of the flying cloud pavilion along with those suspected of being a mysterious powerful warrior were present there.

Luo Feng looked far ahead amongst the crowd.

The flying cloud pavilion owner was at the side discussing with a tall and sturdy intrepid looking general by the side. Luo Feng could feel from his aura that the general should be a universe level 9.

“Rock wind general, they are all here.” The owner said.

“Hm.” Rock Wind Zhan snorted through his nose, following which he gazed coldly at the crowd.

“Rock wind Zhan?” Amongst the crowd, Luo Feng was happy after he heard it. He was still prepared to figure out how this Rock wind Zhan looked like, so as not to attack the wrong person. And now, he could see him clearly.

“Last night, which one of you broke into the Pure feather family mansion?” Rock wind Zhan shouted coldly.

The group of close to 1,000 unknown people remained silent, not making any sound at all.

And Rock wind Zhan, who sat high above on his green armored snake gazed at everyone below. Suddenly he pointed at a black robed cold looking man in the distance, shouting, “That black robed bastard, bring him along later.”

“Yes!” the two deputy generals at the side complied.

“General!” The black robed cold looking man’s expression grew ugly, shouting, “General, I’m from the Luan Yang area…”

“Don’t give me rubbish.” Rock wind Zhan laughed coldly. “With your strength and your dressing, I have no choice but to suspect that you were the culprit who broke into the Pure feather family mansion. Hm…that tall punk with messy hair, bring him too, that skinny punk hiding at the side too.”

“You!”

“Him!”

“The one in the white robe.”

“That blue haired one.”

Rock wind Zhan continuously chose 10 people. These 10 were all very strong, as most of them were in the pinnacle sky level. There were even two universe levels.

“And that black haired youth, his strength is strong enough too. Bring him.” Rock wind Zhan pointed at Luo Feng. Luo Feng frowned, as there were no scanning devices in blood river world, they based their deductions purely on energies and auras. As for Luo Feng, he used his willpower and consciousness strength to control and hide his strength, deliberately releasing one that of a pinnacle star level.

He didn’t expect to still get chosen.

“Alright. A total of 58 have been chosen. The culprit might very likely be within these 58. Take them all away back to the prison!” Rock wind Zhan waved his hand.

……

Luo Feng didn’t resist and followed the other 57 with the army. In terms of strength, Luo Feng knew that he could easily wipe out Rock wind Zhan and the others. Because of his confidence and this guarantee, he was very relaxed. Until the critical moment, there was no need to massacre so many of them publicly.

“What’s up with this general Rock wind, is this how they catch a killer? Coming over to our flying cloud pavilion to find a group of guests and randomly picking from a crowd, that’s called finding a killer?”

“You idiot, Rock wind general is from the Rock wind family. The Pure feather family was humiliated, hence the Rock wind family are all extremely happy. Why would they seriously look for the culprit? If they really wanted to look for him, they would have begun their search last night, why would they wait till now. It’s purely just for show, just an act. However, the 58 sure are unlucky.”

Within flying cloud pavilion, many were discussing.

Swallow mound city, General’s prison.

Luo Feng and the others were forced into groups of 5 or 6, and were separately crammed into cells. These cells were built by special stones from blood river world, and were able to exist under the universe energy flows and strong gravity here. Hence, these too were more sturdy than other stones. They were strong enough to block attacks from even a sky level (Star level) warrior.

“We sure are unlucky, I have to go meet my family leader tomorrow, how can this be good?” Luo Feng’s cell had a total of 6 people, of which a fat one dressed in expensive clothes sighed and shouted loudly. The others from different cells all heard him clearly.

“Big trouble, big trouble.” The fatty didn’t stop sighing.

“Shut up.”

“Smelly fatty, lower you voice.” The people from other cells all began to jeer and shout within.

The fatty looked outside at the soldiers approaching, raising his voice and sighing again, “If I don’t see the Wang Family leader, my business would be ruined. I would incur huge losses! So unlucky, purely a disaster from above.” After shouting a couple more times, under the jeers from others, he finally stopped.

Luo Feng stood silently within the cell, watching things unfold.

……

Several of the guards and soldiers within the prison began to mutter.

“Brothers, the general captured these 58 back for show. He didn’t even interrogate them. He even sent a bodyguard over to tell me, that after interrogating just a little, if there’s no problem, just let some of them go, and leave some in the prison. Everything is just for show!” A guard said softly, “Did you hear that fatty shouting. He seems to be some sort of businessman, and is in a rush to meet someone. We should get a hefty sum from him.”

“Hm, it’s an opportunity.”

“Afterall it’s all just for show, it’ll be fine with some of them gone.”

The group of guards watching the prison all began to laugh and mutter amongst themselves. After which they ordered, “Go and grab that fierce and shouting fatty and bring him over. We’ll interrogate him well.”

“Yes, lord.”

The group of soldiers immediately brought the fatty out.

……

Within the prison.

The fatty that was leaning against the door looking outside revealed a smile as he saw the group of soldiers running over. One of the soldiers ordered, “The lord has ordered for us to interrogate you well, grab him!” Following which they opened the door and grabbed the fatty.

The fatty turned back to the other 5 in the cell and said, “Sirs, I’ll be leaving first, see you all!”

Following which, he followed the group of soldiers and left.

After a while.

A soldier ran over and shouted, “The lord has interrogated him and found him not suspicious at all, he’s been released. The rest of you 57 better answer properly. Those that don’t, be prepared to stay in this prison for awhile.” Following which he turned and left.

“The fatty has gone!”

“Answer properly? What answer properly, isn’t it simply bribing them well?”

“I know, that fatty purposely shouted that way before!”

“You know this only now? Stupid.”

Discussions and noise resounded within the cells. The guards who were hiding in the distance heard the discussions and all of them began to smile. They then ordered, “Bring them one by one, we’ll interrogate them properly!”

……

Interrogate?

It was simply just forking over a sum of money, just seeing whether it was enough! When they interrogated Luo Feng, Luo Feng took out 1 purple blade currency, immediately making the guards’ eyes gleam. Their attitudes immediately became friendly, and quickly released Luo Feng.

Broad daylight, Luo Feng strolled out of the general’s prison carefree, and followed the pathways out of the mansion.

Evening, the sky had gone dark.

Luo Feng who was at a restaurant eating and drinking alone for a while, finally left and walked amongst a crowd in Swallow mound city’s pathways.

“It’s almost time!”

“Last night, I caught Pure feather Chong. Then tonight, I’ll go catch Rock Wind zhan.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “I’m really looking forward… to the blood river crystal? Just what is it like? It is even mysterious enough to gain the attention of the Virtual Universe Company.”

As he had been brought to the general’s prison earlier in the day, Luo Feng was very familiar with the General’s mansion.

It’s no wonder the Rock wind family is considered a new upstart family. This general’s mansion…in terms of security level, isn’t even 1/10th of the Pure feather family’s.” Luo Feng walked within the mansion. Almost like walking in his own yard, his silhouette floated about, with a flash he went from side to side, shaking his head. “I can feel a total of 3 universe level warriors!”

With his familiarity of the universe space ripples, he could feel 3 strong auras.

And one of which Luo Feng was familiar with, because…he had met him during the day!

“It’s Rock wind Zhan.” Luo Feng smiled.

Shua!

His silhouette floated swiftly, as he passed the fake mountains and the walkways, finally landing within a 3 storey luxurious palace within the mansion.

“Breaking through to the domain level is so hard. I’ve done everything my big brother has told me to do in terms of training, and I’ve done them well. Why have I still not broken through. Hmph, big brother must definitely be afraid of me reaching the domain level, and turning into a threat for him.” Rock rind Zhan was topless. He was wearing an open long robe, while walking along the stairs, he had many thoughts on his mind.

When he reached the 3rd level.

He casually looked up and prepared to enter his study, however suddenly his body shook. His eyes were filled with a sense of disbelief. In front of him, stood a simply dressed black haired youth’s silhouette.

“You…” Rock wind Zhan immediately went into battle mode, simultaneously calling guards to help him. However, no matter how shocked he was, he was still confident. He thought that because he was a cloud level pinnacle (Universe level 9) warrior, the person before him couldn’t be much stronger than he was. Also, delaying a while would be enough for his big brother Rock wind xiong to rush over!

Hua!

Luo Feng who was initially standing at the distant window immediately appeared before Rock Wind Zhan in what seemed like teleportation. This was extremely fast, far exceeding that of a regular universe level 9’s max speed.

“Chi!” his hand formed a blade, fast as lightning.

“No.” Rock wind Zhan’s hands had brandished a huge blade. He was prepared to use it as a shield to block.

However Luo Feng’s palm blade was almost like an illusion, swiftly stabbing through his stomach, after which he pulled it out. Only after this did the shield slowly come. Everything was mysterious and like an illusion, there was just a simple flash!

Illusionary 7 blades…Dutchman’s pipe!

With Luo Feng’s strength in his domain and origin law comprehension…against such weak techniques with domain only level 1 or 2, no comprehension of any origin laws and only at universe level 9, it was simply a massacre.

“I, i…” Rock wind Zhan held onto his stomach. There was a blade wound there, and fresh blood flowed out. It was purely from Luo Feng’s palm blade.

“You, you…” Rock wind Zhan looked with fear at Luo Feng.

His Dantian was destroyed!

And his spirit was under the powerful pressure of Luo Feng’s spirit energy. Hence, he couldn’t even use any spirit energy now.

“How do you do, Rock Wind General.” Luo Feng smiled and looked at Rock wind Zhan.

Rock Wind Zhan’s mind flashed back, back at flying cloud pavilion. That scene, right, this black haired youth, wasn’t he from the 58 people he had picked?


Chapter 502: Beautiful Blood River Crystal

“It’s you!” Rock Wind Zhan stared wide eyed. My god! he was only acting and pretending to catch a few punks to satisfy the Pure feather family. He didn’t expect to actually catch such a terrifying character.

Rock wind Zhan’s eyes gleamed, shouting, “Pure feather Chong, you abducted him too?”

“Right, he’s already dead.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Dead?”

Rock Wind Zhan’s expression was ugly. Pure feather Chong is already dead. This man before him would most likely kill him too. What to do, now that his dantian was destroyed, he had no energy within. And on top of that, his soul was being suppressed by the enemy’s powerful pressure. He wanted to resist and communicate with others to cry for help, but he had no way at all to do so, what could he do?

Rock Wind Zhan’s expression was ugly, he was in a mess.

“What can I do for him not to kill me?” Rock wind zhan looked at the black haired youth before him. “Speak, whatever you want, I’ll do it!”

“Give me 10 blood river crystals and I won’t kill you.” Luo Feng stood there and smiled, “Can you do that?”

Rock wind Zhan couldn’t help but stare wide eyed. “10 crystals? Even my big brother cannot take out 10 crystals like that. However, I have 1 here, which I can give you. Please spare my life!” Even though his dantian was destroyed, he was still alive, since the most important part of a human was his soul.

As long as the soul was fine, the body could recover, and the lost energy could also be re-trained.

“No, 1 is not enough, it has to be 10 crystals.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“You are playing with me!” Rock Wind zhan was anxious and angry.

“Right, I’m just playing around with you!” Luo Feng said indifferently, “Go and die.”

Rock Wind Zhan immediately roared madly. “Save me!!!” His powerful body made his roar thunderous and booming. The sound waves rippled in all directions, however they were all blocked by a formless powerful spirit energy barrier. This spirit energy blocked off everything, not even a whisper could escape.

“What’s the point of struggling.” Luo Feng slapped Rock Wind Zhan’s forehead. His genetic energy pierced into his head, causing his brain to become nothing but a mess.

Rock Wind Zhan was dead!

……

“Just what is the blood river crystal like.” Luo Feng scanned through his body, and immediately found the space item. With no banks on blood river continent, all of the warriors here mostly stored large amounts of their treasures in their space items and carried them on their bodies.

This was because it was safest there.

As long as they don’t die, they wouldn’t lose their treasures.

And if they did die, the treasures wouldn’t mean anything to them!

“This space ring isn’t bad.” Luo Feng grabbed the space ring and his spirit energy immediately rushed in, prying it open and checking the contents inside.

“So wealthy.”

“He had about 10 times more than the 13 axe.” Luo Feng was still smiling initially. However the more he searched, the more he began to frown. There were large amounts of currency within, along with some valuable weapons and treasures in many boxes. However, his initial scan didn’t pick up any blood river crystal.

The appearance of the crystal was something he had seen before in the common knowledge books.

“There’s no way he doesn’t have it. What if it’s not on his body, no way.” Luo Feng searched again carefully, especially within a box of gems, there were many crystals within. Luo Feng split his spirit energy into 1,000 threads and individually inspected each of them. Immediately, a smile appeared on his face.

With a flip of his hand!

A round black crystal appeared in his palm. Looking at this crystal before him, Luo Feng shook his head, “This Rock wind zhan, he even disguised the blood river crystal and threw it in with the rest of the gems. Anyone who doesn’t search properly with spirit energy would have missed it.”

“Chi chi…” The black round crystal in his palm was attacked by needle like spirit energy. It immediately began to split open. Very quickly, the layer of black broke and it finally revealed the blood river crystal within!

Blood red!

Blood red in color, the color of life.

It was a long triangular crystal, transparent and blood red, glowing slightly, with a formless ripple about it, it gave off a faint feeling of a heart beating, ripples that beat after another.

“Blood river crystal!” Luo Feng looked at the triangular transparent crystal in his palm. He couldn’t help but exclaim, “Beautiful!”

Hu!

He waved his hand and Rock wind zhan’s body on the floor vanished, followed by the blood stains and smell of blood in the air all vanished as well.

“Very good, within a short time, no one will ever know that Rock Wind zhan is already dead.” Luo Feng smiled, “I think that they would have thought Rock wind zhan must have headed to somewhere else.” Warriors secluding themselves or disappearing for 1 or 2 years was a very normal thing. Even though he was a general, disappearing for 3 to 5 days wasn’t a thing to be suspicious of.

Sou!

Luo Feng became a blur and rushed out from the window, disappearing hundreds of km away in an instant.

The entire palace was silent.

The large amounts of soldiers, staff and guards within the general’s mansion all didn’t know that their general was already dead.

At the same time that Luo Feng had killed Rock wind Zhan and acquired the blood river crystal.

Within Swallow mound city leader’s mansion.

“Come, drink!”

“Haha, Rock wind junior. We haven’t seen each other in so long, and you’ve already become a city leader. Your seniors are really happy, drink, drink.” Within the living room, a group of beautiful women were dancing. Three men were laughing loudly and drinking their wine, one of which was Swallow mound city’s person with the most authority, city leader Rock Wind Xiong.

The other two were dressed in grey standard armor.

“Senior, I’ve only become a city leader. How can I compare to you? You’ve become a special envoy of the undying shrine. No matter where in our continent, who would dare disrespect you?” Rock Wind Zhan laughed loudly.

“It’s nothing.” The handsome middle aged man laughed.

“Senior, you and Special Envoy Mo, for what reason have you two rushed over from the undying shrine for?” Rock Wind Zhan asked curiously.

The handsome middle aged man and special envoy Mo beside glanced at each other. Envoy Mo spoke, “Brother Rock Wind, it’s not that we don’t want to tell you, it’s just the undying shrine’s rules. Hence, we cannot disobey. Actually we rushed over this time is mainly because of your master, also the leader of the world city. We cannot say anything else.”

“As it is something regarding your master, I arranged for old Mo to come along as well. Since we passed by your place, naturally we had to come pay you a visit.” The handsome middle aged man smiled. “I’ve missed you too.” Rock Wind Zhan exclaimed, “Speaking of which…”

……

When Rock Wind Zhan was accompanying his 2 friends and chatting, he didn’t even know that his younger brother had already died.

……

300,000 km away from Swallow mound city, in the wilderness, Luo Feng sat.

“1 blood river crystal!”

Luo Feng grabbed the blood river crystal and stared at the incomparably mysterious crystal. “One of the dangerous level missions was to acquire this 1 crystal to get 10,000 points. I can use it to exchange for points or I can absorb it.”

“What should I do?”

“Without a doubt!” Luo Feng began to grin as his finger became like a blade, slicing his left palm.

Chi!

A slash wound opened and fresh blood flowed out. Luo Feng took a deep breath and placed this triangular blood river crystal within that wound. This was the absorption technique from the books he had read, and during his time in the city he had heard others discuss. Almost everyone in the entire blood river continent knew this.

Although the method was simple, doing it was hard!

”Is it going to be difficult?” Luo Feng looked at his palm.

The beautiful and glaring crystal touched and began to fuse with the wound. Especially when it first touched the wound, immediately a formless peculiar energy burst forth from the crystal. Almost like a wild beast that had been suppressed for too long raging and rushing into Luo Feng’s body. The originally confident Luo Feng’s expression changed, he began to struggle.

“Damn!” Luo Feng grit his teeth.

“Rumble!”

A formless incredibly brutal and powerful willpower descended on him, fusing with his consciousness.

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

An endless stream of wild shouts to kill roared within his mind. That formless brutal and powerful willpower was clashing time and again with his own. It was purely a test of willpower. Willpower differed from each other. Consciousness was something that was linked to the strength of one’s spirit energy, willpower however was reliant completely on one’s belief and strength.

A student level’s willpower could potentially be as terrifying as that of a sector lord!

“Just this level of willpower and you want to attack me?” Within his mind Luo Feng thought, “Return to ashes!”

Rumble!

Luo Feng’s incredibly strong willpower was like a huge mountain, immediately smashing down on the roaring outside willpower influence. At the same time, Luo Feng thought curiously, “Consciousness pressure, consciousness pressure…use consciousness to attack. How can pure willpower invade my body like that? How strange? Ah, not good!”

“Rumble…” As its willpower was smashed by Luo Feng’s, the blood river crystal’s true peculiar energy was unleashed. That red crystal’s threads began to madly invade Luo Feng.

Luo Feng’s body couldn’t help but begin to shake and tremble.

Luo Feng’s facial muscles were spasming uncontrollably. The layers of skin contracted and condensed at times while splitting open and bleeding at another. His arms expanded even more violently, and his veins were more visible than ever. It looked almost like transparent crystal pathways, and occasionally purely gold, his muscles kept changing.

Pain!

Extreme pain!

“What’s going on, just what is this blood river crystal doing?” Luo Feng roared within. He could feel the temperature in his body reach unbelievable heights, almost like it was about to be burnt to ashes. However, in an instant it would drop to shocking lows. It became so cold, that he couldn’t even feel his body.

Chi chi…Luo Feng’s 10 fingernails extended, almost like metal fingernail blades! After which it swiftly retracted back and his 10 fingers began to change. Even the bones were changing within. His entire hand began to resemble claws, and fur started sprouting out around them.

Not just his fingers, even on his arms, legs, feet, and face, the black fur grew all over. At that moment, Luo Feng looked like a sasquatch.

However a few minutes later the fur quickly retracted and vanished. Chi chi…

Black scales began to pop out from his arms, fingers, legs, feet and even his face, his entire body became huge and powerful.

“Just what is this blood river crystal? My god!” No matter how strong his imagination was, Luo Feng would never have expected anything like this to happen. And the process of absorption was still going on…


Chapter 503: The Mystery of the Blood River Crystal

Night time, the wind was like blades blowing strong in the vast wilderness, and hiding in the wild grass was a faint silhouette.

The robes on his body were already torn into shreds, however below the shreds was a strong body with skin that was emitting white energy. “Inhale!” Luo Feng took a deep breath while sitting crossed legged. His chest sank in and the stomach expanded, almost as though there was a large balloon within his stomach. This balloon then shifted upwards and his stomach contracted and his chest expanded.

After which, the huge bulge separated into 4 portions, heading towards Luo Feng’s two arms and two legs.

Bulges appeared through his skin, it was incredibly peculiar!

“Exhale!” Luo Feng let out a long breath before opening his eyes.

“I’ve finally made it through.” Luo Feng was shocked within.

Pain?

Under immense pain, Luo Feng could endure almost anything easily. However the absorption feeling earlier…it was something he really didn’t like! Because, besides the extreme pain, the most uncomfortable thing was that Luo Feng’s own soul and consciousness couldn’t control his own body!

Losing the ability to control his body, this was a feeling he had never felt before.

“No matter what, this type of feeling is finally over.” Luo Feng tore off the shredded clothes and carefully examined his body. No matter what angle he looked at, at least from the exterior, there didn’t seem to be any difference at all, compared to before the absorption of the crystal. During the absorption itself, his body constantly morphed into things he had never seen before.

“It shouldn’t be.” Luo Feng frowned.

“I’ll test it!”

Luo Feng gazed into the distance, “Spirit energy!”

Rumble…the distant wilderness’ big piece of land that was at least 10 million tons immediately floated up. Also, with the spirit energy wrapped about the entire piece, there was no leakage at all. Under Luo Feng’s control, this mountain of mud flew in mid air and in a round arc about.

“No difference.”

“When it come to invasiveness, emptiness, flexibility, toughness, my spirit energy has no difference from before, my consciousness and willpower has no difference either.” Luo Feng shook his head. The piece of land revolving in the dead of night immediately fell from the air and smashed back into the crater from before.

“My soul wasn’t affected, how about the body?” Luo Feng frowned, suddenly throwing out a punch.

Rumble! With that punch, a high pressured shockwave was formed, causing an explosion in air. The terrifying ripple cut through the grass, completely clearing out a few km in area around him.

“No difference?” Luo Feng squinted his eyes. Ripples of energy vibrated all over his skin, all the strength in his muscles was immediately sent to his right hand which was formed into a fist! Luo Feng had transferred all his strength into that instantaneous explosion, resulting in that ear piercing explosion as he punched!

“I felt it, I felt it!”

“Within the depths of my cells, there’s a change!” Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with a sense of glee, “This, this is an evolution of life?”

Every time a flesh and blood life form breaks through, there would be an evolution.

Breaking through to star traveller, to star level, to universe level…the rest of the leveling was simply quantity based training.

“My body is still universe level 9! I haven’t broken through. However, my bones, muscles, and every cell within has had some change.” Luo Feng was excited and anxious within, because every evolution from each breakthrough from star traveller to sector lord level, none of the 5 breakthroughs were normal.

The books had said the evolution was mysterious, and this wasn’t exaggerated at all.

However…

The changes deep within his cells, even with Luo Feng’s spirit energy, he couldn’t fully deduce them clearly.

“There’s no other way, I can only gradually get used to it. I will have to learn to feel it, and slowly understand its changes.” Luo Feng thought, following which he looked at the night sky. Sou! He rushed up and immediately broke through the cloud levels until the 12th level.

“I’ll investigate the mysteries of my body’s changes here in the clouds.

Luo Feng brandished a blood shadow blade and practiced in the clouds.

Swallow mound flying cloud pavilion, Luo Feng’s quarters.

Even though he had continuously killed 2 prominent figures in Swallow mound city, Lou Feng was still carefree and training in his quarters. As he was worried he might destroy the pavilion, hence he purposely used spirit energy to create a barrier around, and he trained within. Any ripples his fists caused were completely blocked by this barrier. He could train both his spirit energy and train recklessly within.

“Mysterious.”

“Mysterious indeed.” He could already feel the initial changes of the blood river crystal’s mysteries. He was very excited.

Suddenly, he stopped and looked through the window outside. There were two people walking over, Nabu and Na Ke, father and son duo.

“I’ll take a break now.”

The gleeful Luo Feng walked to the 1st level. At the same time, Nabu and Na Ke had just walked into the yard, “Lord Feng.”

“Come in.” Luo Feng smiled and sat down. He lifted a wine glass and poured a glass of blood river world’s wine for himself and was sipping. A chill permeated through his entire body, he smiled comfortably, “Why have you rushed over here so early?”

“We heard that Lord Feng was taken into General Rock wind’s prison. This kid was so nervous that he jumped up and down after. So I accompanied him to visit you in the prison, only to find out that you had already left.” The silver haired Nabu smiled, “Hence, today we thought we’d come pay you a visit early. Lord Feng, if you have any troubles or matters in the future, please call us. Even though I may not be able to solve some big issues, however, when it comes to most trivial matters in Swallow mound city, I’m able to help you settle them.”

“Thanks.”

Luo Feng smiled, “However there’s nothing much now. Ah? Na Ke.”

“Hm.” Na Ke replied, his expression wasn’t too happy.

“What’s the matter?” Luo Feng smiled.

Nabu could see this mysterious warrior was in a good mood today, he smiled and explained, “This kid, he’s having some trouble in the relationship department, hence he’s sulking today.”

“Relationship troubles?” Luo Feng laughed loudly, “Na Ke, you’ve fallen out of love?”

“What’s falling out of love?” Na Ke looked up at Luo Feng.

“It means you like someone but she doesn’t like you back.” Luo Feng lifted the glass and sipped happily.

“Right.” Nabu smiled beside, rubbing his son’s head. His son however dodged unhappily. Nabu laughed, “The other party doesn’t like him. Actually speaking of which, Na Ke did give a new lease of life to that girl…just thinking about the matter makes me want to laugh.”

New lease of life?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Father!” Na Ke was unhappy.

Nabu just smiled and explained, “My son has had a kind heart from young. He likes to bring his guards to bars and other places, to listen to stories of other strong warriors. He worships these heroes, hence he acts like these heroes sometimes. Almost like robbing the rich for the poor, he would give his family’s money secretly to the poor. One of the poor families only has a mother and a daughter. My son has been secretly helping them since she was young. After that, she grew up and got older. I don’t know how…but my son actually fell for that poor family’s daughter.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng starred.

Helping the poor, helping till he actually falls for the poor family’s girl.

Na Ke was blushing.

“Not just that! My son has always been secretly giving money to the mother of that girl. Funding the girl…” Nabu shook his head, “When that girl actually tried to enter one of the sects in our city, my son immediately gave a large amount of money secretly to that mother. And just like that…that poor family’s daughter, from a poor little girl, she became a genius warrior of that sect! Secretly, my son had been supporting her for 12 years!”

“What happened after that?” Luo Feng was curious.

“My son secretly liked that girl, hence he too joined that sect.” Nabu shook his head, “It’s a pity, just yesterday, he went to confess and was rejected.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng laughed happily.

Na Ke looked angrily at his father.

“Your father cannot speak a few words with Lord Feng?” Nabu stared at his son.

Na Ke could only look down, his ears all red.

“And not just that!” Nabu said, “If things still aren’t interesting enough, just as my son got rejected and walked towards the exit, his spirit dejected. That girl’s mother actually came to the sect to visit her daughter, seeing my son…this gets exciting, that mother actually hugged my son and expressed her gratitude.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“That girl ran over. Seeing the situation, she was extremely curious and asked her mother about this benefactor. Her mother told her the truth, saying how my son had been helping them all this while.” Nabu laughed loudly, “At this, the girl was stunned, and she couldn’t even believe it initially, saying Na Ke wasn’t even 20 years old, and it doesn’t make sense, because the support started over 10 years ago.”

“Her mother said, back then, a little rich kid under the protection of guards secretly gave them money, and she had watched as the little rich kid slowly grew up.” Nabu exclaimed, “Who would’ve thought a little kid’s playful attitude actually produced such a scene.”

“What happened after?” Luo Feng laughed and asked curiously, “How did that girl react to Na Ke?”

“That girl had backbone, she was very grateful.” Nabu said, “She told my son directly…I’m willing to repay my debt to you for my family as your slave, even if you wish, I’ll marry you.”

“Ah? That’s a pleasant surprise.” Luo Feng laughed.

“It’s not over.”

Nabu laughed loudly, “My son asked her modestly, do you like me?”

“That girl said, my mind is set on the martial arts, and there’s no one I fancy. However, the debt I owe to you, I have no other way to repay.” Naby said, “After the girl finished, my son said directly…I, Na Ke, will never force anyone. If you don’t like me, then I won’t force you. After which, this son of mine, he turned and brought his guards away with him. Haha…” As Nabu finished, he couldn’t help but laugh loudly once again.

“Interesting, interesting.” Luo Feng laughed too.

“Father!” The youth Na Ke was blushing red, angry and embarrassed.

“Not bad, Na Ke, not bad.” Luo Feng laughed and complimented.

Na Ke gripped his fists and said seriously, “I won’t force anyone. However, there will come a day that I will make her like me!” He said that as he looked up, filled with resolve.

“Good resolve!” Luo Feng couldn’t hold back his laughter anymore, and laughed with Nabu once again.


Chapter 504: Longing for Blood River Crystal

Luo Feng continuously studied the effects of the absorption of the blood river crystal for half a month, (only 2 days had passed on blood river continent) before finally getting a good grasp on its overall benefits.

It’s mysterious energy permeated deep into one’s cells, creating a change that occurred from the very essence within to trigger evolution. It caused every cell to be infused with a mysterious special energy, this wasn’t genetic energy, wasn’t spirit energy, it was something unknown.

He only needed to drive this energy…

“Hmph!” Standing topless in his pavilion’s 2nd floor, with a snort, he controlled his body’s every cell. As he did that, the countless connections from before, immediately triggered that unknown energy.

Suddenly!

A blood red engraving that seemed simple yet incomparably magical appeared on his chest, when it appeared on his skin, Luo Feng’s perception of the world was completely different from before.

“How wonderful!” Luo Feng closed his eyes.

Gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, thunder, light, time, space… Before his absorption of the crystal, many of the universe origin laws, along with the 2 laws space and gold with which he had some achievements in still felt like a blur. This was completely unlike the golden horned beast or the Mosha clan body whose comprehension was still higher. However…when he triggered the unknown energy and the engraving appeared on his chest, everything cleared up!

Even his control of the laws became somewhat easier.

Nightmare, Luo Feng waved his blade, chilly flash of the blade made hearts tremble.

World’s end, countless and endless flashes, it could stop 10 million enemies.

Hatred, a brutal and incredibly savage flash, it could cut through anything obstructing it.

Illusion, almost like a drunken warrior randomly waving his blade, yet it also resembled countless blades waving about.

Pensive, a blur silhouette accompanied the blurry flashes of the blade.

Burial, the final and most savage attack, it made hearts tremble in fear!

Dutchman’s pipe, a dance in the face of life and death, hoping it to bloom before death.

Luo Feng didn’t use his genetic energy, to unleash his bladework in the pavilion. His spirit energy formed a protective barrier, at least it guaranteed that his attacks wouldn’t damage the construct.

“This wonderful feeling.” Luo Feng opened his eyes, “Blood river crystal, it’s heavenly.”

The blood river crystal’s uses were similar to the Mosha body.

Even if the Mosha body’s comprehension was lower, it could still unleash a shocking amount of power! Also…it made his comprehension of the space laws easier.

After absorbing the blood river crystal, it wasn’t just space laws, his feeling for the laws of the gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, thunder, light, space and time all felt quite a bit clearer, or it could also be said that after the absorption, his relationship with the universe laws was much closer, and easier to feel.

Since it was easier to feel, it resulted in the earth body’s comprehension speed to rise!

As his relationship with the laws gets closer, when he unleashes an attack, the power would be amplified one fold! (If the earth human body can only use the 100 thread movement, with the same amount of comprehension, the mosha clan could unleash the 10,000 thread movement.)

“It’s a pity!”

“The Mosha clan unleashing space techniques has ten times the power! However with the absorption of the crystal…it only increased by 20 to 30%.” Luo Feng laughed, “I can’t be too greedy. The Mosha Clansman is afterall the strongest assassins in the universe, they couldn’t be joking about that?”

As heavenly as the blood river crystal was, it raised his comprehension for all the laws! And when unleashing these laws, his powers all rose greatly as well!

By absorbing one blood river crystal, his power grew by 20-30%.

“Blood warrior? Black warrior?” Luo Feng pondered. “Since there’s such a saying of the blood warrior and black warriors. I think, after absorbing three crystals, there’ll be a special change. Absorbing 10 will have an even more shocking change!”

“Hm!”

“Blood river crystals. I have to acquire them now, the more the better!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. The Mosha clansman’s were born with certain skills, and absorbing more blood river crystals could help him get to a point like a Mosha clansman being. Of course, the more blood river crystals he absorbed, the harder it got. Otherwise, the black warrior saying wouldn’t just be a saying anymore.

“Tonight!”

“I’ll go take care of the city leader.” Luo Feng’s eyes were cold. “He’s the one in Swallow mound city with the most crystals.”

Swallow mound city, General’s mansion.

City leader Rock Wind Xiong, stood looking gloomy on his balcony. Behind him were 8 high level officers.

“Speak, where’s the general?” Rock wind Xiong said softly. “I’ve ordered for him, yet he didn’t even reply? I’ve even come looking for him and he’s not here, just where did he go? His scoundrel friend Pure feather Chong is already dead, where is he?” Back then, Rock wind Zhan and Pure feather Chong were indeed the two that played about madly.

They did all sorts of crooked activities, they were too numerous to count. Among the two, one was the Pure feather family leader while the other was Swallow mound city’s general, who in Swallow mound city would dare mess with them?

“City leader, we don’t know either.”

“When it comes to the general’s disappearance, we all don’t know.”

“Right, I think the general snuck out to play, hence he didn’t tell us.” The 8 high ranking officers all replied.

“That bastard!”

Rock wind Xiong was enraged. “Give the order. The moment anyone finds the general, tell him to get over here to me!”

“Yes!”

The 8 officers replied respectfully, after which Rock wind xiong vanished. Only at this time did the 8 relax. Muttering and discussing amongst themselves, “What’s going on? Previously, when the general went out to play, I’ve never seen the city leader that furious before. It’s only been 2 to 3 days so far, he’s even disappeared for half a month before, and that’s considered normal.”

“No idea. However, from the looks of it, the city leader is extremely angry. The general is in trouble this time.”

……

The general was in tragic trouble indeed, because he was already dead.

……

Late night.

Luo Feng stood in his own study of the pavilion. He was dressed in black armor and boots, even bringing a helmet and mask! He carried behind him a shield and blood red blade.

“City leader Rock wind Xiong, he is close to domain lord level 2, and someone who has absorbed a crystal before.” Luo Feng thought. “Even though in domain and origin laws, I far exceed him, he is still after all a domain lord. I cannot be careless.” Against Pure feather Chong, Luo Feng wore only a black robe. Against Rock wind general, he wore a simple normal robe and was very casual.

Only this time!

He was fully prepared. He even donned a mask!

Because Luo Feng was very clear that unless he used the Mosha clan, by simply relying on his human body alone, this would be a tough battle.

“There’s no meaning if the battle isn’t tough. The more I fight higher levels, the more interesting it will be.” Luo Feng smiled. With a flash, he vanished without a trace from the pavilion.

Swallow mound city leader’s mansion, the security was tight.

A blurry silhouette was moving through and it was very hard to detect. Swiftly heading towards the city leader Rock wind Xiong’s mansion. Considering that Rock Wind Xiong was the strongest within the city leader’s mansion, naturally he didn’t use cloud levels (Universe level) and sky level (star levels) as bodyguards.

“Illusionary manual, it’s more proficient in assassinations!”

“And I’m afterall only a universe level 9. if I use force against him, I will be at a disadvantage. If I can assassinate him, it would be beautiful.” Luo Feng gazed at the distant palace. Through the universe space, he could feel that there was a familiar energy within. It was Rock Wind Xiong’s energy.

Sou!

Luo Feng wielded the blood shadow blade and instantly vanished.

……

Within the palace.

The tall and sturdy Rock wind Xiong sat in his study desk, and on it were many reports.

“Hmph!” He couldn’t help but smack the table and stand up. He was walking about in the study, frowning, “My senior and envoy Mo, it’s rare that they pay me a visit. I originally wanted to introduce them to my little brother. I didn’t expect this bastard to disappear, and I can’t even find him. My senior and Mo have been here for three days and are about to leave. If I can’t find him soon, the next time my brother gets to meet envoys from the Undying shrine would be a very long time from now!”

“Bastard, what a bastard!” Rock wind Xiong got angrier as he thought about it.

Entertaining the envoys for the past few days, has it been easy?

Everything was top notch and best.

“Hm?” Rock wind Xiong’s feelings for the skies and ground were very sensitive. He was able to feel an energy about, immediately roaring, “Who is it!!!”

Rumble!

With Rock Wind Xiong as the center, countless lightning bolts shot in all directions. It strangely shot through the palace without any hint of harming anything within, forming a huge spherical shaped lightning barrier around a 1km area. A few soldiers and staff were all extremely afraid, however after discovering the lightning ball didn’t harm them, they still ran out with fear out of the area.

“Xiu!”

A flash of a blade immediately lit up within the palace, almost like a huge sickle slicing straight at Rock wind Xiong. Only at this time could he barely make out a warrior dancing with his blades, completely covered in black armor.

“Get lost!” Rock wind xiong roared. A large purple sledge hammer appeared in his hand, it rumbled as he swung it.

Pa!

The attack infused with lightning and thunder swung forward, causing the black armored person to dodge it. This mad energy was like countless arrows shooting in all directions, causing rumbles and explosions to erupt all about the palace. At this time Rock Wind xiong’s eyes were gleaming with lightning. Holding a huge sledge hammer in each hand, he rushed forward within the palace!

“Indeed a domain lord level 2, with a level 9 domain and one who has entered the gateway of the thunder laws.” Luo Feng spit out some blood as he dodged. However, in the blink of an eye his body recovered, his gaze fixed and was once again as cold and collected as before.

“I’ll use speed! Kill him!”

Shua!

A roar had just erupted from Rock Wind Xiong’s mouth: “You…”

However in an instant, a incredibly condensed golden domain was unleashed. Space and gold laws combined, melding with the terrifying domain formed in the universe space. This gold domain was a golden wave with gold properties, which fused with the universe space and immediately pressuring and destroying that thunder domain.

Simultaneously around Rock wind Xiong’s body, 100 black armored warriors appeared. Every one of them wielded a 6 edged shield and blood shadow blade.

“Absolute domain, Time Space scribbles number 2891 technique… Messy Void kill!” Luo Feng roared within.

“Space origin laws!” Wielding the two purple sledgehammers, Rock wind Xiong was shocked at the scene.


Chapter 505: Dishonorable

Rock Wind Xiong, his teacher was a world level (Sector lord) who controlled the surrounding 1 billion km area, Si Yong.

Even though the strong were like the clouds here in blood river world, a sector lord was still a very terrifying existence. Rock Wind Xiong being under Si Yong, had very high perspectives and vision. With just one look, he understood that this mysterious warrior was a genius person with high achievements in space origin laws, able to produce up to 100 images!

“Just a universe level 9 and so powerful. It’s simply too…”Rock wind Xiong understood that if such a genius were to be discovered by the undying shrine, he would definitely be treated as an absolute elite and nurtured.

“It’s a pity that he’s the enemy!”

“The more terrifying the enemy, the better it is to eliminate him earlier.” Rock wind Xiong stood on the ground with the sledgehammers in his hand motionless.

And Luo Feng who had unleashed his close combat Messy Void technique was suspicious, “He is afterall a domain lord 2. Just based on his pure genetic energy and explosive speed, he could very likely survive my attack, why isn’t he moving?” While suspicious, Luo Feng began to grow wary within.

Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua!

Over a hundred peculiar blade techniques melded with the spread out gold domain, causing the space around to follow the blade work. In an instant, there was nothing but flashes of blades, almost like the entire space was a dance floor. It was completely pressuring that Rock Wind Xiong. While pressuring him, it shrank more, the blade work condensed on him too.

Rock Wind Xiong was trapped within!

It was almost like he was trapped in a little house, and was being slashed at by large amounts of blade flashes!

This technique from Time scribbles didn’t have a name, Messy Void was a name he gave it himself.

“Hahaha…”A loud laugh resounded. Rock Wind Xiong stood his ground, almost as though he was admiring Luo Feng’s performance.

“Rise!”

Rock Wind Xiong’s lips curled into a smile, simultaneously assassination weapons rose from all around him. At least 1,000 of them completely covering Rock Wind Xiong. Every one of them under the flashes of lightning gleamed like dazzling metals, the arc blade edge was terrifying.

“What!” Luo Feng’s expression changed greatly. He had initially wanted to rely on speed to kill him, however how could he compete with the speed of spirit weapons? That was suicide!

“Go!”

Rock Wind Xiong waved, immediately the blur of countless weapons covered the skies and shot in all directions. Even though the hundred thread movement was very shocking, making one unable to accurately deduce the person’s position, however with countless weapons shooting in all directions, it definitely spelled trouble. Although, using such quantity would diminish the power.

However, the enemy was domain lord level 2. Any one of those weapons could easily kill a normal universe level 9.

“Dang! Dang!” Luo Feng’s movement was unpredictable, however the number of weapons shot at him was simply too many. Wielding the 6 edged shield, he continuously blocked 10 of them. Even though he managed to deflect them away, they still affected his movement.

“Haha…” Rock Wind Xiong’s laugh continued. The rest of his dancing weapons all curved and simultaneously headed towards Luo Feng. The air trembled and split apart, as up to a 1,000 assassination weapons shot at him. Luo Feng’s expression grew heavy, his eyes were staring coldly at Rock Wind Xiong!

A formless consciousness pressure fiercely smashed into Rock wind Xiong’s consciousness.

“Hm?” Rock Wind Xiong felt a pain in his head. The 1,000 assassination weapons controlled by his consciousness were immediately affected. Without the help of his spirit energy, the weapons swiftly slowed down due to the high air resistance and gravity. They still followed their course and shot towards Luo Feng, he however easily dodged them.

Weapons capable of twisting and turning, compared to dumb straight shooting weapons, naturally were much easier to dodge!

Shua! Luo Feng dodged the weapons.

Shua! Luo Feng rushed at Rock Wind Xiong.

“Go and die!” Luo Feng had already reached him. The blood shadow blade in his hand had already become an incomparably resplendent flash, cutting straight at Rock Wind Xiong’s chest.

Killing a universe level and killing a domain lord were two completely different things.

From student level to universe level, the soul was definitely within the consciousness. Hence the control chip could at most control up to a universe level. The highest slaves a slave trader could sell was a universe level.

When it came to domain lord however, the soul was in the Qi Dian, this was also named the life core!

Like Luo Feng, his Qi Dian and Internal core had fused into one. Hence, his core was incredibly sturdy This also meant that eventually breaking through from this internal core would thus be very hard!

To kill a domain lord, one had to destroy the life core. However, this life core could be stored in any part of the body, it could be within the head area, consciousness, at the Dantian, or even in the arms, chest etc anywhere. Hence, to kill a domain lord…the first thing was to determine where the life core was located!

Due to the consciousness attack earlier, Luo Feng had determined the position already.

“Dang!” a gold light hit Luo Feng’s blade.

“Trouble.” Luo Feng’s expression changed, he could see the gloomy and mad Rock Wind Xiong. Luo Feng’s consciousness was considered domain lord pinnacle, and Rock Wind Xiong too was domain lord level. Even though it was weaker than his own, it was still at domain lord level. That one attack only managed to shock him temporarily.

Consciousness pressure, only when the level difference was huge, would the effect be obvious.

“Hmph!” Rock wind Xiong looked angrily at Luo Feng. Simultaneously around him were 3 gold lights that surrounded his body and then shot at Luo Feng together.

“So troublesome. A fighter against a spirit reader would naturally be at a disadvantage. But to meet a spirit reader a few levels above me.” Luo Feng knew that he couldn’t win anymore. No matter how strong his comprehension of the origin laws were, and how powerful his movement was, as long as there was an army of different types of spirit weapons that attacked, there may still be a chance.

However if the opponent was a few levels above, how could he battle?

Even the golden horned beast, before training techniques like Deities of the World, just using it’s natural talents, it could at most fight it out with an opponent 3 levels higher, and destroy humans that were 2 level higher than itself.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

3 golden lights as fast as lightning were shot out. Luo Feng’s speed, no matter how fast it was, he still couldn’t dodge them in time. One beam shot through Luo Feng’s throat, piercing right through and simultaneously the pressure from the shot caused his head to become a mess.

Pu Tong!

Luo Feng fell.

“What terrifying consciousness, just who is he. His consciousness is even stronger than mine, and his comprehension of the laws are so high.” Rock Wind xiong walked towards the body. He looked at it and was shocked. “What a pity, a universe level 9 actually dared to come assassinate me. Such an attempt is just suicide. Let me see just who it is!”

With a thought, he ripped apart the mask and lifted the mask to reveal the youth’s face.

“How are you!” The youth suddenly opened his eyes, his gaze somewhat apologetic.

“Eh!”

Rock wind Xiong’s eyes looked down. His chest had already been stabbed by a blade. It had pierced straight into his life core, it was a pity that his life core was but a normal human race’s core and was no where as perverted as that of a golden horned beast. Actually countless human races’ cores were weak and fragile. How could they possibly compare to the golden horned beast which was born with an internal world.

When the golden horned beast reaches domain lord level, its internal world spanned over 100,000 km in area! This was much larger than earth.

And a normal human domain lord had just begun to nurture an internal world. To truly expand the world, one had to wait untill sector lord level.

To be able to support such a vast internal world, how could the internal core not be sturdy?

A domain lord level 6 golden horned beast, even a powerful domain lord level 6 would have trouble breaking it’s core! Just like back then when Hong and thunder god entered the golden horned beast’s body, immolating their souls using the pike and blade to attack its core, yet they couldn’t break it.

A pinnacle sector lord golden horned beast was invincible amongst the sector lords. Afterall, it had 3 powerful natural abilities, along with its inherited memories. However, even with all these heaven sent benefits, there would be a downside. This is also why many generations of golden horned beasts were all getting stuck at the pinnacle of sector lords, unable to break through.

“You…” Rock Wind Xiong stared wide eyed. At the same time, his body knelt down as fresh blood was flowing from his chest.

“You stand right in front of me without the slightest amount of vigilance. The moment i attacked you, you couldn’t even react.” Luo Feng stood up. His throat was already without a trace of the previous injury. He placed his mask back on, as revealing his identity may affect Nabu and his son Na Ke. Through his revealed eyes, he looked at Rock Wind xiong’s body. “I don’t blame you, I don’t think many people would have thought that a universe level, even with his consciousness destroyed completely, would still be alive!”

Luo Feng looked at the body before him, shaking his head.

At first, he didn’t want to use special abilities to kill his opponent, and wanted to rely only on his universe level 9 abilities to fight it out. However, he didn’t expect Rock Wind Xiong to be a spirit reader, his final assassination felt a little dishonorable.

“It’s a pity that I didn’t bring the Nan Shen Armament!”

“If I had the Nan Shen Armament, my strength would have been multiplied, and I would have a guarantee in killing him.” Luo Feng shook his head. “My earth body really isn’t suited for close combat!”

Following which Luo Feng swiftly scanned the body and found his target, the space item.

“That’s it!”

Luo Feng quickly discovered an inlaid decorative plate on his waist, and immediately took it down. This metal plate…was the storage item.

“I hope there’s blood river crystals in here. The more the merrier!” Luo Feng immediately used his spirit energy to pierce into it and began searching.

At this time…

1 km area around the palace was in a complete mess. The palace was destroyed, the balcony was broken, stairways were reduced to nothing, especially in the most center…there was even Rock Wind Xiong’s body, along with the black armored warrior standing there coldly with the plate in his hand!

“Not bad.” Luo Feng revealed a smile, “There’s 2 crystals!”

Rock wind Xiong had previously absorbed 1 crystal. Through various methods, he had acquired 2 more to probably increase his chance of becoming a blood warrior someday. Later he got one more, and gave that one to his little brother Rock Wind Zhan.

“Killing and robbing, vicious indeed!”

A cold voice resounded around the space.

Luo Feng turned to look.

In mid air…there stood 2 grey armored silhouettes and their expressions were ugly.


Chapter 506: Envoys of the Undying Shrine

Late night, within the purple 3 story pavilion of the Pure feather family.

Pure feather Tao was sitting crossed legged with his eyelids drooping. However, he was pondering, “My information cannot be wrong. Two special envoys from the undying shrine are in Swallow mound city. However Rock Wind Xiong, that bastard definitely wouldn’t let me meet them…hm. This is troublesome, how can I contact the envoys…”

Rumble!

A mad energy wave fiercely travelled from the North East, causing Pure feather Tao to immediately raise his head. His eyes were peering in the north east direction, his gaze becoming two beams of light that shot through the pavilions’ closed windows destroying them in the process, revealing the beautiful scenery outside towards the east.

A 1km tall thunder ball was floating within the city leader’s mansion. Lightning flashed about and lightning snakes danced about, this scene caused Pure feather tao to be in shock.

It wasn’t just Pure feather Tao…

Everyone in swallow mound city was stunned, as there wasn’t any construct 1km tall in the entire city. Hence when the thunder ball appeared…especially in the dark night, it was extremely visible. Without any obstruction in the 100km area, almost everyone could see it.

“What’s going on, for that bastard Rock Wind Xiong to unleash his domain? Did he meet a powerful warrior?” Pure feather Tao was shocked, and fiercely rushed out of the house.

Standing in mid air and looking at the North East direction, his expression changed constantly. “Just who in Swallow mound could make Rock Wind Xiong go all out like this? There are no other domain level warriors, and with the presence of the two envoys from the undying shrine, who would be so deranged as to attack at this time. Don’t tell me…he’s even battling the envoys?”

As for the strength of the envoys, even Pure feather tao didn’t know much about it.

To become an envoy of the undying shrine, one had to at least be a domain level. As for if they were at domain level early stage? Mid Stage? Late Stage? Or at the pinnacle? He wasn’t clear.

“Better be careful, I don’t want to be dragged in.” Pure feather Tao carefully flew over, not daring to release any energy or aura, in case the enemy detected him and thought of him as an enemy too.

He had to be careful!

As Pure Feather Tao didn’t have a backing, the moment he died, the Pure feather family would be finished.

Being old and not dying was important, and Pure feather Tao was very clear on the importance of him being alive.

Actually, the battle between Luo Feng and Rock Wind Xiong, at their level, it was usually settled within 1 or 2 seconds with tens of exchanges. During the entire battle including Luo Feng’s final stabbing, the thing that took the longest was his final blade attack, because he needed to wait for Rock Wind Xiong to walk over…

The entire battle only took about 10 seconds.

……

The air split, lightning shot in all directions, energies flew madly, golden energy waves glaring.

The luxurious pavilions, flowerbeds, etc were all immediately destroyed and scattered all over. The entire city leader’s mansion was thrown into madness and fear. Pure Feather Tao however sneakily approached, as he wanted to be cautious. When he hid behind the collapsed palace and watched from far, Luo Feng had just taken the storage item.

“Storage item?” Pure feather tao’s eyes immediately went red. “Rock Wind xiong’s countless treasures are within. Since he is the favorite disciple of that world city leader, he definitely had quite a bit when he became city leader. All his treasures are inside! And that black armored man…his energy doesn’t seem that strong.”

“Do I kill him?” Pure feather Tao gritted his teeth, staring hard at the distant black armored man.

Hesitation!

Second guessing!

“I will kill!” Pure feather Tao’s eyes were red. If he didn’t make a move now, when would he do it?

“Hm?” Just as he was about to rush out…in mid air two grey silhouettes appeared. The grey armor they wore was the proof of their identity as special envoys of the undying shrine. Also, the energy they emitted was terrifying.

“How powerful! These two are definitely stronger than me!” Pure feather Tao’s expression immediately changed. “These two are probably both at pinnacle domain level!”

His ambition and greed from before were immediately reduced to nothing.

“I’ll keep watching and see if there’s any chance to get anything.” Pure feather Tao hid his aura and hid.

When one reached the domain level (Domain lord), and one’s core becomes that life core (Qi Dian), one could completely hide their aura within. The outside world couldn’t detect it at all. Just like how several scanning devices could scan power levels, they could at most accurately detect from student to universe levels. As for domain lord and sector lord levels, they couldn’t fully detect.

Unless the opponent releases his aura!

“How powerful.” Pure feather Tao’s eye muscles twitched.

……

Dressed in black armor and boots, along with a helmet and mask, Luo Feng was fully dressed!

“These two…” Luo Feng looked up at the two in grey armors floating in mid air. These two were obviously enraged, since they willingly released their terrifying auras. “At least domain lord level 7 or 8, or even a domain lord level 9. How troublesome.”

Yes!

Simply just troublesome. Luo Feng had not wished to ever use the Mosha clansman, mostly as a means to train himself. However the moment his life was in danger, would he stupidly wait for his death? With the Mosha clansman’s strength, especially with its ridiculous space law’s strength unleashed…if he wanted to flee, these two had no way to stop him!

“Two sirs, must you make a move?” Luo Feng looked at the two in mid air.

“Haha, you’ve killed my junior. Are you implying I should simply let you go?” The handsome middle aged man roared angrily in the night.

……

The auras of the two special envoys from the undying shrine were terrifying.

“I didn’t expect this.” The other man communicated mentally. “Brother Yu, my apologies, I didn’t expect this to happen too.”

“Old Mo, it’s not your fault, I was careless.” The handsome man was bitter.

During these two or three days these two had been entertained extremely well by Rock Wind xiong. Especially tonight, because he had invited the legendary mermaid from the Demon Ocean to sing for them and entertain them. This mermaid…belonged to the highest of women in blood river continent. They could remove their tail and take on human form, the moment they touched water they could regain their tail again.

All of them could sing extremely well, it was the most absolute pleasure.

However these mermaids could only be found in the demon ocean. Demon ocean belonged to a terrifying region of blood river continent. To actually catch a mermaid alive was incredibly hard. Hence, one single mermaid in the continent alone would result in many powerful figures fighting and chasing after her.

They were envoys of the undying shrine, normally they wouldn’t have much free time in their hands. Yet, this time they actually managed to see a mermaid, naturally they didn’t mind getting comfortable.

When these two were extremely comfortable, they suddenly felt a large energy exploding in the distance. At that time, they were simply too lazy to move, because they believed that within this area, there wasn’t anyone who would dare mess with the world city leader Si Yong’s disciple Rock Wind Xiong. They believed that Rock Wind Xiong could settle it by himself.

Later they felt that the energies were too strong and overpowering. Due to the rumbles and explosions, the two of them left their beds unhappily to take a look.

By the time they reached their destination, Rock wind Xiong was already dead!

Within the city leader’s mansion, the atmosphere immediately changed.

“You are not my targets. I’m too lazy to kill, so don’t force me!” Luo feng looked at the two in mid air, and immediately rushed into the sky.

“Trying to flee?”

In mid air, the handsome man roared. He simultaneously communicated to the envoy beside, “Old Mo, he killed my junior. So leave this matter to me. Help me by keeping any eye on him, I’m worried that this punk will suddenly find a way to flee. Please don’t let him escape.”

“Brother Yu, leave it to me. Relax.” Envoy Mo nodded.

Having been treated well and entertained by Rock wind Xiong the past few days, now that he’s dead, Envoy Mo definitely wanted to avenge him as well.

……

Luo Feng rose into the skies, simultaneously the handsome man’s killing intent rushed over. Luo Feng frowned. “You are really forcing me. Since you wish to die, then I’ll send you to hell!”

The Mosha clansman within his internal world had already fully resembled Luo Feng. He was also wielding a blood shadow blade and dressed in black armor, shield. These were not considered high level weapons at all in the Virtual Universe Company, they were all custom made for his stay here in Blood river world.

As they were cheap, he had ordered 10 at the time. Should there be any breakage or faults, he could use another.

“Switch!” Luo Feng thought.

Shua!

The earth body Luo Feng swapped instantly with the Mosha Clansman within. The earth body entered the internal world while the Mosha Clansman remained outside. During the switch…Luo Feng was flying swiftly. So, it was impossible to see clearly what had happened.

“Hm, he hid his energy?” Chasing him swiftly, Yu Envoy could feel the black armored warrior’s aura go from a universe level 9 to suddenly nothing.

“I’m at a pinnacle domain level. Unless he is world level, he will die without a doubt!” A blade appeared suddenly in Envoy Yu’s hands. He swiftly caught up with the black armored Luo Feng. He shouted with rage, “You sure got guts. In this side of the world, only me and my brothers kill others. There’s never been a time where we’ve been bullied! Go and die!”

Rumble!

The Mosha Luo Feng’s lips curled into a smile. That incredible feeling within the universe space, it was like a fish in water, an infant in a mother’s embrace, it was very comfortable. That feeling of almost being one with space made Luo Feng clearly sense the mad and powerful aura rushing from behind him.

“I guess he’s really domain level 9!” The Mosha Luo Feng smiled coldly. “Strongest assassins in the universe, along with my study of the 9 universe primal chaos tablet. I’ll let you see my power.”

Mosha Luo Feng closed his eyes.

That mad energy rushed straight at him, and just as it was about to reach him…

Shua!

The envoy’s eyes were filled with rage and killing intent. His lightning fast and powerful slash sliced the black warrior before him in half. However, after the slash, his expression changed greatly. “Something is not right!” There was no blood or any feeling at all from the black armored warrior he had just slashed. He simply dispersed.

“Where is he? Is he so fast that I can’t even feel him?” Envoy Yu was extremely terrified.

“Brother Yu, behind you!!!” A fearful voice entered into Envoy Yu’s mind.

Envoy Yu spun around quickly.

Behind him the black armored warrior was looking at him. Simultaneously, he saw the flash of a blade.


Chapter 507: Mosha Clansman Takes Flight

Attacking in close range, with the Mosha clansman’s speed, this special envoy had no way to defend at all.

“No!” Envoy Yu’s handsome face was struggling. Simultaneously, his domain level 9 genetic energy was fiercely permeating through the grey uniform he wore. That extremely fast and sharp blood shadow blade slashed his body, but that grey uniform slightly shook and dispersed the attack throughout his body, leaving behind a slash mark on the uniform before quickly regenerating.

Sou!

Envoy Yu quickly retreated, beads of perspiration were dripping from his forehead, as he was terrified.

“Luckily, luckily I have this armor from the undying shrine.” Envoy Yu felt as though he had just escaped death itself as he looked with disbelief and fear at the black armored warrior in the night sky. “How can he be that fast? He, his speed is impossible. I can’t even feel it.”

Yes, the Mosha clansman was indeed fast.

If measured against the Absolute Space level, it had reached the 2nd level’s Countless Changes. According to that level, it was the highest level in 10,000 thread flow. Unleashing it fully could produce 10,000 images in space! And Luo Feng’s earth body could only produce up to several 100, (As the 100 thread flow had a special effect, hence he usually only used 100).

During battle, more images weren’t necessarily better.

Like teleportation, once one reaches that level, there wouldn’t be any images at all!

And Absolute Space 1st level Arc Light, 2nd level Countless Changes, even though it seemed like many images were formed when unleashed, the true goal was instantaneous explosive acceleration!

Right now, the Mosha clansman’s instantaneous acceleration had already reached a terrifying level. Another level and it’d be teleportation! Of course this was the hardest step. One could only imagine, its current acceleration was already that terrifying, much less this Envoy Yu.

Even a sector lord warrior, his max speed could maybe exceed that of the Mosha Clansman! However that instantaneous explosion would still pale in comparison.

Unless that sector lord was close to the level of Countless Changes. Or he had reached a high level of comprehension in wind or light origin laws.

……

“Interesting.” Mosha Luo Feng stood in mid air looking at the distant envoy Yu and was staring at his grey armor. “That…is a genetic armor? Genetic armor from the universe?”

Yes!

It was Genetic armor!

“To actually be able to disperse my attack throughout his body, and after I slit it, it recovered immediately. And with that bastard pouring genetic energy in…it obviously has raised the armor’s defense.” Even though Luo Feng was an outsider, he was naturally clear on the armor’s properties. He had the cloud contact vine armor which was even better than the genetic armor!

Only thing was, he didn’t dare use it. Otherwise, he would be recognized as an outsider and ganged up on by everybody.

“Na Ke’s father was right. Those ancient god ruins really have items from when the Virtual Universe Company battled against the Blood river continent, having left its traces behind. And these should have been studied by the Undyings of Blood river continent, and they found out how to make a genetic armor. Obviously, their production amount is still very very low.” Luo Feng’s mind thought of many things in an instant.

……

As the thoughts crossed his mind, he immediately charged forward and once again reached that fleeing envoy Yu’s face.

“Too fast.” Envoy yu communicated to his partner and shouted, “Old Mo, Hurry and help me!”

“Understood!” From the distance, envoy Mo swiftly flew over.

However, Mosha Luo Feng had already begun his 2nd attack. This time it wasn’t casual like the first time. He was truly moving the universe space around the blade, hence on the edge of the blade the space even warped. Mosha Luo Feng stared coldly at envoy Yu who couldn’t defend in time and was relying solely on the genetic armor to defend.

“Stupid!” Luo Feng thought.

Pu chi!

Like a kitchen knife slicing open a fish, the blood shadow blade was incredibly sharp this time. It immediately sliced open envoy Yu’s chest and piercing in. The blood shadow blade released energy within in all directions and Luo Feng immediately discovered his life core within.

Chi!

The tip of the blade immediately pierced through the life core of the terrified and trying to flee envoy Yu. The moment it touched it, the core broke and envoy Yu stared wide eyed. His eyes were filled with fear and disbelief. He couldn’t believe that the man before him was actually able to pierce through his armor and kill him, even more so that he’d actually dare to kill a special envoy of the undying shrine!

“This blade of mine has the feeling of slicing space.” Mosha Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with satisfaction.

His earth body relied on the Nan Shen Armament, and was unable to pass the heavenly bridge’s 6th level.

However if the Mosha clansman was the one doing it, it could easily unleash 10,000 thread flow. It’s blade resonated with the universe space, this was enough to produce the Nan Shen Armament’s 5th level Space Slicer effect. In fact, its power was even stronger. Passing the heavenly bridge’s…6 and even 7 was fully guaranteed!

Afterall…

This was the strongest assassin race in the universe.

“What!” Envoy Yu who was flying over preparing to help his friend changed his expression. “How…how can he cut through that armor with just one blade?”

Flee!

Envoy Yu didn’t even hesitate.

“How can that black armored warrior be that strong?” In the distant city Pure feather Tao hid himself and his aura. While looking up, his eyes were filled with fear. “The envoy he killed was pinnacle domain level. Even with the special envoy armor, he was still killed with just one slash.”

Pure feather Tao stared, “He’s caught up, the black armored warrior has caught up.”

……

Right, Envoy Mo was fleeing in the night, and Mosha Luo Feng who had just killed envoy Yu placed him in his space ring and simultaneously exploded towards the fleeing man…

“Trying to flee?” A voice entered envoy Mo’s ears.

“No, you cannot kill me. I’m a special envoy of the undying shrine. I’m a special envoy of the undying shrine!” Envoy Mo shouted back.

“Undying shrine envoy?” Mosha Luo Feng was shocked.

“Yes, I’m a special envoy of the undying shrine, you…” Envoy Mo stared wide eyed, because that terrifying slash appeared again. The edge of the blade that warped even space around it…almost as though before this blade, even space could be sliced through, immediately killing envoy Mo and breaking his life core!

Mosha Luo Feng waved his hand and placed his body in his storage ring, after which he looked down. Pure feather tao who was secretly watching this scene, was discovered by the black armored warrior. He was immediately shocked and terrified.

“How did he discover me, how?” Pure feather tao was absolutely terrified.

He didn’t know…

The Mosha clansman had no soul or spirit energy. Hence the way it sensed other’s energies and aura was different from flesh and blood life forms.

Normal flesh and blood life forms rely on spirit energy to sense things, according to how strong the energies were, they would determine the location.

The Mosha however was a favored child of space, it could meld with space itself….just like how a spider could feel even the tiniest vibration within its webs.

Mosha Luo Feng was just that!

Even though that Pure feather tao was a domain lord who was hiding his energy, theoretically speaking no one should be able to detect him. However, Luo Feng felt the ripples in space that Tao had made when he flew. Hence, he knew that the target had hidden himself after flying fast for awhile.

“I have no ill intent.” Pure feather Tao’s face went pale.

“You should be the elder of the Pure feather family.” Mosha Luo Feng smiled in mid air. “It’s unfortunate, but I require blood river crystals now.”

“No!” Pure feather Tao’s expression changed. He immediately became a flash, his shocking speed even caused the air around to explode, the constructs about him crumbling.

Mosha Luo Feng shook his head.

Hua!

Immediately closing 10km in distance, leaving a trail of images behind and brandishing that blade, flashing once again! Just as pure feather Tao was trying to react fearfully, it had already pierced through his body and killed him. Following which he placed Pure feather Tao’s body in his storage ring and with a step, immediately disappeared 1,000km away.

His earth body’s speed in Blood river world’s conditions could travel 3,000km in a second. The Mosha Luo Feng was more than 10 times faster.

The commotion that happened in Swallow mound city late at night was even noisier than broad daylight.

Especially as many people squeezed in the vast walkways outside the city leader’s mansion, countless eyes were looking at the mansion, where the army stood surrounding it.

“What happened?

“Who knows, I even saw a tall and terrifying lightning ball before.”

“I saw it too.”

“Look, the originally tallest city leader palace has been reduced to waste. We can’t even see it anymore.”

A group of excited people in Swallow mound city were discussing.

They didn’t even know…

Within that night, two special envoys from the undying shrine, Swallow mound’s city leader, and the elder of the Pure feather family, were all dead! It could be said that there weren’t anymore domain level warriors in Swallow mound city.

……

Mosha Luo Feng tore through the air and pierced through the cloud levels.

“Its wonderful, this feeling of melding with the universe space. When can my earth body reach such a level.” Luo Feng was addicted to this. This feeling, where the universe space felt extremely clear, to be able to move through the universe space ripples and feel the living beings all about.

Shua!

Mosha Luo Feng stopped. At this time he was already close to a million km away from Swallow mound city, with just that bit of work.

“Swap.” Even though he couldn’t bear to do it, using the Mosha body was after all a very dangerous thing to do, as there were large amounts of sector lords and undyings in this world! The moment he was too high profile and got noticed, everything would be over.

“It’s better to stay low profile, and use only my universe level strength.”

He swapped back to his human body.

Luo Feng suddenly smiled, “Time to see what those envoys from the undying shrine and even Pure feather Tao had on them, just what surprise can they give me.”


Chapter 508: Unexpected Surprise

Within the clouds.

After swapping his bodies, he began to look through the four bodies in his space ring.

“Pure Feather Tao, Rock Wind Xiong, these two have the highest status in Swallow Mound city.” Luo Feng separately took out these two’s space items and examined them carefully. Unlike Rock Wind Zhan who purposely hid his, Pure Feather Tao and Rock Wind xiong’s storage items both had blood river crystals. He had actually examined Rock Wind Xiong’s earlier.

“1, 2!”

Luo Feng flipped his hand and there lay a triangular blood red crystal, the beauty was mesmerizing, it was the blood river crystal.

“I got three of them at one go!” Luo Feng smiled. “If I successfully absorb another 2, I will become a blood warrior immediately. And I’d still have one more, this will be just enough to complete the 1st mission.”

The dangerous level mission had a total of two missions.

1 was for 10,000 points and another was for 100,000 points.

From the looks of it, as long as everything went well and his absorption was successful, he would be able to get 110,000 at one go.

“The 1st thing is to absorb the crystals successfully.” Luo Feng recalled his 1st absorption, and was not fully confident.

Acquiring everything seemed pretty easy enough. However, for the virtual universe to deem them both as dangerous level missions…of course, these were aimed at the universe level core members. If Luo Feng was truly a universe level 9 without the Mosha clansman, then acquiring the crystals would have been extremely dangerous.

“Right.”

“I still have the two envoys from the undying shrine.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “I wonder if they have any blood river crystals, it’s hard to say!”

Luo Feng had already known earlier about Pure feather Tao and Rock Wind Xiong’s possession of the crystals.

As for the envoys, he had no clue.

“This space bracelet of Envoy Yu, it’s pretty big inside.” Luo Feng carefully examined it as he was filled with anticipation. He suddenly revealed a look of shock and disbelief. It seemed impossible, “No. It can’t be. Have I, really gotten so lucky?”

Shua!

Luo Feng flipped his hand, in it a black special wooden box appeared. Luo Feng held his breath and carefully opened it.

Pa, the box was opened.

Within it blood river crystals were carefully organized and placed neatly. The box was almost filled to brim with crystals. Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed from the sight, carefully counting them,

“10?”

“10 blood river crystals?” Luo Feng couldn’t believe it. “Even if this envoy wanted to absorb the crystals to become the legendary black warrior, he would only require 10. Also, people with such ambition couldn’t have not attempted to absorb one yet, and he’s already a domain lord level 9 warrior.”

That envoy Yu had indeed absorbed a crystal before.

“He actually carries 10 crystals with him, what a fortune for me.” Luo Feng suddenly thought, “My spirit energy scan earlier found a piece of paper at the bottom of the box below the crystals.

Within the box, beneath the neatly placed crystals, there was indeed a paper. The material was of dark gold in color.

On it were complex words. The words seemed complex, the details however were very simple…

“Si Yong, these are the 10 crystals you require. It’s enough for the short term, use it accordingly. Remember what you promised me, I believe you are a smart person and won’t deceive me.”

Just a short letter.

Immediately Luo Feng who was reading the letter realized and laughed, “So these 10 crystals weren’t the envoys. But this Si Yong’s. Si Yong, isn’t he the world city leader? With a sector lord status, acquiring these 10 crystals should be an extremely easy thing to do.”

Even the domain lords could get their hands on a few crystals. Hence, for a sector lord to get 10 at one go, that seemed normal.

“Si Yong, Si Yong, your blood river crystals belong to me now.” With a thought, Luo Feng kept the crystals into his ring.

“I already have 13 now. I wonder if the other envoy will give me another surprise.” Luo Feng flipped his hand, a translucent ring appeared in his hand. This was Envoy Mo’s storage item. Immediately, his spirit energy pierced in and began searching.

With this search!

“My god!” Luo Feng was startled.

“It can’t be! It’s like seeing a ghost!” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Babata, Babata!” Luo Feng’s thought went into his storage ring to contact Babata.

Babata asked lazily, “What’s going on Luo Feng. In this blood river world without any technology, what do you need me for?”

“Wait a moment!” Luo Feng thought, immediately taking out that unbelievable item from Envoy Mo’s space ring. Hu, a 100m diameter large item appeared within the clouds…a dark grey universe ship!

Yes, universe ship!

“Babata, keep this ship within your storage space and study it for me. Just how long has this ship existed.” Luo Feng asked.

“Universe ship?” Babata was shocked too and kept the ship within his space, “Wait a moment, I’ll scan it.”

Night.

Luo Feng stood along in the clouds, still very shocked.

As the details from the Virtual Universe Company had stated very clearly to never ever take out any technological items. The moment one is discovered, it would mean certain death. However having discovered a universe ship from an envoy from the undying shrine’s space ring, this was too…

The ancient god ruins, that was from how many trillions of years ago. A universe ship from back then couldn’t be undamaged for that long, unless it was an E or F grade ship. However, that level of ship wouldn’t land in a domain lord envoy’s hands, and Luo Feng felt that this ship was very normal.

“Luo Feng, I’ve scanned it.” Babata shouted.

Luo Feng maintained his mental connection with Babata and asked, “What’re the result?”

“I can confirm that this Blood river continent has had some advancement in the technological side. This universe ship should have been built less than 500,000 years ago, and it’s very lousy. When it’s compared to other ships in the universe, it would be considered an A grade. It would take extremely long to accelerate to light speed.” Babata explained.

“Ah?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Where did you discover it?” Babata asked.

“Within an envoy’s space ring.” Luo Feng said. Right, the armor that the envoys wore…they are genetic armor.”

“Envoys of the undying shrine? Seems right, Luo Feng…you should know then when a sector lord breaks through to undying, their soul will evolve. An undying soul’s brain and mental calculation speed doesn’t lose to a quantum computer! The aboriginal undyings of Blood river continent, if they acquire any remains from the warriors of the Virtual Universe Company, like some quantum computers, universe ships, or others etc…they could very well study them.” Babata explained.

Luo Feng was shocked.

Right, his own consciousness calculations was terrifying already. Hence, an undying soul’s calculations would definitely not be below a quantum computer. Maybe because of a lack of many materials on Blood river world, they are unable to make special machinery. Otherwise, these Undyings, with their analytical prowess, wouldn’t find it hard to create and revolutionize the technology here.

Or maybe, the Undying Shrine didn’t wish for the continent’s masses to get in on the technology.

Or maybe, the Virtual Universe Company was intercepting them secretly.

Anyway, Luo Feng was too lazy to figure out everything.

“I’ve earned a fortune this time.” Luo Feng immediately left the four bodies for Babata to dispose of and handed the 4 storage items to Babata. “Babata, there’s a whole mess of treasures and items in their storage items. I have no comprehension of the treasures of Blood river continent. Help me sort them and see if there’s any other surprise.”

“No problem, leave it to me.”

Babata was a living AI, his calculation speed far exceeded a normal AI. Even the undying beings….they didn’t necessarily compare to his problem solving speed.

“Thanks. In a moment I will contact you. How long do you think you will need to organize everything?” Luo Feng asked.

“5 minutes is enough.” Babata answered.

“Very well.” Luo Feng immediately rushed down from mid air.

Late night, within the vast wilderness, Luo Feng was within it practicing, simultaneously feeling the effects of the Blood river crystal.

Back when he had absorbed the 1st one, it was indeed very shocking. The mysteries of the crystal…especially its fusion with the universe energies, along with its increase in power with origin infused attacks were very enticing. Also the moment it’s used, a blood red engraving would appear on one’s chest, similar to the one of the golden horned beast’s scales.

Only, this was simpler and weaker.

“Why do I feel that the mystery of the blood river crystal doesn’t stop at just melding better with the universe energies?”

The blood river crystal should still have one more point!

That was…

Physical change!

“When I was absorbing it, I became an apeman, then a scaled beast, and even like a robot after. The changes were violent, yet, when they ended…I couldn’t do it anymore.” Luo Feng frowned. “However I still feel that the crystal should still have more special properties.”

“Hm, I’ll probably know after absorbing the 2nd and 3rd crystal.” Luo Feng connected mentally to Babata, ready to absorb the next crystal after communicating.

“Babata, how’s the sorting of the items from the four storage items. Were there any treasures?” Luo Feng communicated mentally.

“No treasures. However, there’s something you should see.” Babata emphasized.

“What item?” Luo Feng was curious.

Pa!

Babata threw out an item, it was a gem like item.

“This is a simple quantum computer communication tool.” Babata said, “Just like the wrist communicator you use on earth.”

“Communicator? On a large continent like Blood river continent, even if the signal travels at light speed, which was 300,000km per second, from one end to the other side of the world alone is a trillion km, how will it reach the other place instantly?” Luo Feng shook his head, “They don’t have the virtual universe network.”

This communication tool isn’t an instant messenger, but made for distance communication. Even if the speed is slow, it’s still faster than a person flying.” Babata said, “And the tragic thing is…Luo Feng, when you killed that handsome envoy earlier, the other envoy had recorded it and sent it to a person called Si Yong.”

Luo Feng’s expression changed greatly.

Damn!

This was the disadvantage of technology.


Chapter 509: Decision

Si Yong was the world city leader of this side of the world. According to the universe levels, he was a sector lord!

The golden horned beast and Mosha clansman were only at domain lord level 6, and the domain lord and sector lord’s biggest difference was the ability to unleash the strength of a world. They were able to control the world within them to allow their strengths to reach a shocking level…making the difference between a domain lord level 1 and sector lord level 1 extremely huge.

“Meeting Si Yong right now would really be suicide.” Luo Feng understood. Communicating to Babata, “Babata, that Si Yong is the world city leader of this side, what do you think I should do next?”

Even though he had a plan already, asking Babata was still good.

After all Babatas experience in solving problems was much more vast!

“Flee, hurry and flee, the further the better.” Babata said. “Since he’s the world city leader of this side, then the distance from the World city to Swallow mound city should be about a hundred million km. At light speed, 300,000km per second, the message would have taken about half an hour for him to receive. However if he uses his top speed to rush over!”

“Top speed?” Luo Feng frowned.

1 hundred million km would still take a sector lord pretty long.

“Even the 2 domain lords had a ship, that sector lord would most definitely have 1 too. A universe ship barely reaching light speed in Blood river continent would allow him 3 hours to reach here!” Babata said.

“However when I killed the envoy, I was always wearing a mask.” Luo Feng said.

“Don’t rely on luck. Swallow mound is after all only that big. How would you know if within this time someone else has already noticed you? Remember, as long as there’s a hint of danger, do not risk it. Also, don’t look down on any sector lords.” Babata said. “I have said what I needed to say, you can decide for yourself.”

“You are saying that I may have been exposed?” Luo Feng frowned.

Leave?

After finding out about envoy Mo sending the footage of him killing the other envoy to Si Yong, Luo Feng immediately decided to leave! If he flew out of the 18 levels of clouds and sat in his automaton ship, who would be able to find him?

Only thing was…

Even though he was safe himself, what about Nabu and Na Ke? If he was truly exposed, then these two would definitely be affected. The small Na Family…against a raging sector lord, would instantly be razed into the ground.

“What about the Na family?” Luo Feng asked.

“What Na family?” Babata asked curiously.

Luo Feng swiftly gave a brief summary of what happened earlier.

“Hm, that is troublesome indeed. The Na family’s relationship with you, even though very few people know about it and it isn’t noticeable, with the sector lord’s ability, and this being his territory, checking and finding out wouldn’t be hard. How about this way, Luo Feng, you can rush over to Swallow mound city now and meet the father of the Na family! Let them decide for themselves if they want to leave with you or remain in Swallow mound city. If they come with you…you can bring them both to a different side of the world! This continent’s different sides of the world are just like your countries. They are competitive and at war. If they flee to another side, even Si Yong would not be able to find them in the vast sea of people.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, “Then let’s do that.”

He couldn’t care about absorbing the blood river crystal at the moment. Taking care of it after the matters were resolved wouldn’t be too late.

Sou!

Luo Feng tore through the skies into the clouds, swiftly reaching Swallow mound city at a shocking speed.

Swallow mound city, the night was bustling with activity.

Na Mansion.

“What’s going these few days? First the elder of the Pure feather family was dead, now even the city leader’s mansion has become a battlefield.” Nabu stood against the railing in the 3rd storey of his mansion, leaning and gazing at the distant city leader’s mansion.

“Nabu, come in.” A voice suddenly resounded.

“Hm?” Nabu was shocked. Though he was shocked, he turned and walked in and saw a black armored black haired youth sitting there. Nabu was suspicious, “This late at night, just what has brought this mysterious warrior to my house?”

“Lord Feng.” Nabu bowed.

“Wait a moment.” Luo Feng sat there.

Ji Ya!

The door below creaked open and footsteps could be heard climbing the stairs. Very quickly, Nake appeared too and rushed into the house. Seeing Luo Feng, he said excitedly, “Big brother Feng, you’ve come. Why have you called me to come over.”

“Hm?” Nabu was even more suspicious, why has this mysterious warrior gathered them both.

“Time is of the essence now. I won’t go through formalities with you too, I’ll give you a quick summary of the situation.” Luo Feng emphasized.

Nabu was shocked, saying, “Lord Feng, please speak.”

Luo Feng swiftly explained to them about the situation. Nabu’s face grew paler as he listened, completely shocked, my god, the family leader of the Pure feather family, elder, Rockwind family’s general, city leader, even 2 special envoys, they were all killed by this mysterious warrior before them.

This, this, this…

Envoys of the undying shrine!

This mysterious warrior was too terrifying!

Nabu’s face was pale, and little Na Ke was completely stunned too… these were all legendary figures.

“That’s how things are, Na Ke, Nabu, you choose.” Luo Feng emphasized. “To remain in Swallow mound city or allow me to bring both of you away! If you stay here, there’s a high possibility of being exposed.”

Nabu frowned, within his mind he calculated.

Na Ke’s mind was in a mess too.

Luo Feng sat in the chair looking at the father and son, and felt rather guilty towards them. If it weren’t for him, these two would probably be able to lead a very normal life. However, because of his arrival, the Na family was thus dragged into danger itself.

“Hm.” Nabu gritted his teeth.

“Have you decided?” Luo Feng looked at Nabu.

“Right.” Nabu nodded. “I’m prepared to remain here in Swallow mound city, living my normal life. However, I wish for Lord Feng to take my son and leave swallow mound city!”

“Father!” Little Na Ke’s eyes were red. He shouted, “I don’t want to leave you!”

“Don’t make a fuss!” Nabu roared.

“Father!” Little Na Ke was about to cry.

Luo Feng quietly watched the scene, he could only remain silent.

“Lord Feng, it has to be this way. I believe it because my contact with you has been very minimal. Also, so what if we recognize each other, we’ve only met 2 or 3 times. It cannot be considered a deep relationship. That and the city world leader wouldn’t necessarily be able to find out who the killer is.” Nabu smiled, “The most important thing is…I can’t bear…”

Nabu’s eyes were filled with sorrow, “I can’t bear to leave my family business!”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded. “Nabu, for your safety, before I go, I will use my soul techniques to wipe your memory of tonight! Then even when others use soul techniques to interrogate you, they won’t be able to find anything.”

“That’s good, that’s good.” Nabu nodded, following which a look of longing appeared on his face. “Lord Feng, can you leave me and Ke Ke for awhile?”

“No problem.” Luo Feng walked out of the house to the study beside and waited patiently.

……

Luo Feng felt a bitter feeling within.

……

Within the house, Nabu and Na Ke were saying their goodbyes.

“Don’t cry.” Nabu smiled and looked at his son.

“Father, father.” Little Na Ke was crying madly. He had grown up being pampered by his father, however when it was really time to separate, he couldn’t bear to leave.

“We must always look at things from different perspectives.” Nabu looked seriously at his son. “Ke Ke, there’s always a good and bad side to everything. For us to meet Lord Feng this time…it may seem like a disaster since we have to separate, but you must understand, this Lord Feng could have easily left by himself. But he purposely came to look for us, what does it mean? It means he favors us, and he is apologetic about this.”

“Fortune and misfortune are linked!”

“This may be a disaster for the Na family, it is also a chance for our family to greatly rise up!”

Nabu’s eyes gleamed, “Blood river continent, everyday tens of millions of people die and countless more risk their lives just to simply find a strong teacher! This Lord Feng is an absolute warrior. Didn’t you hear, even the elder of the pure feather family, our city leader, and the 2 special envoys from the undying shrine were all killed by him. What terrifying level of power is this?”

“On this continent, wealth is nothing. Only strength is real!” Nabu looked at Na Ke, “Ke Ke, you have hopes of becoming an absolute warrior of this large continent! In the future, you may even become the leader of an entire territory, controlling the lives of trillions of people.

Na Ke was shocked.

“Remember!”

“This is a great opportunity, grab it!” Nabu looked at his son. “After I die, I’ll have the face to meet our Na family ancestors! Understood?”

“Hm. Hm.” Na Ke’s eyes were watery, yet he nodded fiercely.

“Very good.” Nabu revealed a smile. He rubbed his son’s head and gently hugged him, saying softly, “Your father’s biggest worry is his son. Our Na family doesn’t have enough military strength. Just like the Yu Family, without any strength, they had to be uprooted within a night. I was worried about you. Your personality is different from mine, I was able to establish the business, but your personality…now it’s ok, I don’t need to worry anymore.”

Na Ke could only cry within his father’s embrace.

……

After a while.

Within the building Luo Feng stood before Nabu, emphasizing, “I will wipe your memory of this night. After which, you won’t even know where your son went.”

“Go ahead, if I don’t know…there’s no way for others to know.” Nabu smiled and nodded.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Immediately a thread of spirit energy invaded Nabu’s soul. Wanting to analyze and swallow one’s memory was difficult. Normal soul searching techniques was more troublesome, destroying however was easy. Simply wiping a part of a memory was extremely easy. This can even be achieved simply through hypnosis, that alone was enough to leave an imprint and seal the memory.

As the disciple of the Soul master Hu Yan Bo, this level of surgery didn’t have any difficulty for Luo Feng.

After a while.

“Hm, what’s going on?” Nabu’s head was in a blur. Looking around the empty house and finding himself sitting in his study, “Did I just fall asleep?”

Nabu had completely forgotten what happened before.

He didn’t even know that his son had already left Swallow mound city with Luo Feng.


Chapter 510: Leaving

Night.

Luo Feng brought little Na Ke and rushed into the sky. Na Ke couldn’t help but look back down at Swallow mound city, as tears were flowing from his eyes.

“Na Ke, sleep, sleep, once you awake it’ll be ok.” Luo Feng gently said. His voice had an unbelievable amount of power, Na Ke could only feel his entire being drift into a blur as his eyes closed and he fell asleep.

“Now that he’s asleep, there’s less trouble.” Luo Feng rushed into the skies breaking through the many levels of clouds.

In one breath he rushed to the 18th level. Any higher and he would leave Blood river world.

With a thought, a silver pyramid appeared beside and Luo Feng carried little Na Ke into the universe ship.

Within the control room.

He placed Na Ke into a resting room for him to sleep in, Luo Feng then came to the control room.

“This is Blood river continent’s map. Babata, help me take a look and tell me where the coordinates of the ancient god ruins are.” Luo Feng’s consciousness connected to Babatas. Babata quickly calculated, returning to Luo Feng the area of coordinates, that territory belonged to the ancient god ruins region.

Even with any errors, it wouldn’t be too far away.

“Let’s head out towards the ancient god ruins! We’ll proceed 16 billion km and stop.” Luo Feng gave the order to the automaton ship. Actually the AI of the automaton ship…was a subsidiary AI that Babata had created. Under normal circumstances, it could perfectly control the ship.

However when it was times of crisis, Babata would take over and control the automaton ship with the optimum control.

“Yes, master.” The ships AI responded.

Sou!

The ship soared through the clouds and swiftly flew in space.

“External simulation 100%.” Luo Feng ordered.

Immediately before him a simulation of the space outside showed. One side was space while the other was the outermost layer of clouds from Blood river world.

“The vast blood river continent.” Luo Feng looked at the continent from space. “Yet no one dares to leave the cloud levels, the strength of the Virtual Universe Company is… too strong!”

“Babata, help me prepare a file for nurturing Na Ke. I cannot accompany him, I can only arrange for the best for him.” Luo Feng sighed. Babata’s voice resounded in the control room, “This little matter, you have quite a few treasures on you, plus the many others the dead domain lords gave you. Nurturing a little punk is very easy.”

After a while.

Luo Feng acquired a detailed nurturing plan for Na Ke.

As Luo Feng sat in the automaton ship, it was swiftly flying in the space above blood river world.

A silver black marked disc shaped universe ship with a diameter of 180 m appeared in the 16th cloud level above Swallow mound city.

Hua!

The leader of the group was dressed in black armor. His blue hair was floating about and his eyes seemed vast and boundless. Behind him were four purple armored men and women. They all hid their strength, revealing only domain lord level power. ”I wish to know, just who has such guts! To kill my disciple in my territory!” The blue long haired black armored man’s eyes were like lightning, shooting down below. Even the cloud layers below split apart from his gaze, allowing him to easily see the tiny Swallow mound city below.

“Let’s go down!” The blue haired man said coldly.

“Yes.” Behind him the four purple armored domain lords followed respectfully. These 5 shot down like lightning, and the floating universe ship behind them vanished.

……

After a short period of time.

Within the city leader’s mansion, even though a part of it was already destroyed, the city leader’s mansion was even larger than the Pure feather family mansion. Hence, a large portion of it was still perfectly undamaged. In one of the palaces…whether it was Swallow Mound’s families, sect, army, information system and so on, all the department heads and brains had all arrived.

Silence!

The palace was completely silent. That formless pressure caused the group of prominent figures to perspire from their foreheads, and kneel respectfully on the ground, because they knew the man before them was…

The world city leader!

The leader of this side of the world!

“Your city leader Rock Wind Xiong is dead!” The blue haired black armored man sat above and said coldly. The group below him were stunned. “The two envoys from the undying shrine passing by Swallow mound city are dead too!”

The group below was even more shocked.

They really didn’t know!

“The murderer is him!” The blue haired man waved his hand and immediately a bunch of paper floated onto the ground. On every piece was a picture of a black fully armored silhouette with boots and helmet, that was using a 6 edged shield and blood shadow blade. Actually, this picture…was simply a screenshot from the footage that was sent.

“Murderer?” A group of people looked at the paper.

“The face has been blocked? Wearing black armor, everyone wears black armor around. How do we look for him?” The group were suspicious and helpless. “If he changes his look after killing them, how will we look for him?”

“We can confirm that he is a pinnacle domain level warrior.” The blue haired man said coldly. “Activate all your resources. Go look and check if any suspicious domain level warrior appeared in Swallow mound city within this past period.”

“Yes!”

The group knelt down.

“I want to get a report before daylight tomorrow.”

“Yes.”

The group left after. The blue haired man stood in the palace and was looking outside through the window as though he was looking at space. “To have the guts to kill my, Si Yong’s disciple,and to steal my blood river crystals. Hmph!” A cold snort resounded within the silent palace.

The Automaton ship was flying in the space above Blood river world. It began to slow down after about 22 hours.

“Master, we’ve already reached 16 billion km away.” The voice resounded within the control room.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

He went into the resting room and carried the sleeping Na Ke. He swiftly followed the pathway within to the cabin door of the ship. He then kept the ship and headed down towards through the blood river atmosphere.

Rumble!

Rushing through the 18th, 17th, 16th levels…

“Na Ke.” Luo Feng shouted.

“Hm.” Only then did Na Ke wake up. He looked at where he was floating in mid air, as he was carried by a formless energy, and before him stood Luo Feng.

“Big brother feng.” He was fully awake only now.

“Follow me down.” Luo Feng brought Na Ke, swiftly breaking through the 1st level of clouds, causing Na Ke to be shocked as it was still late night. Blood river world’s night was 6 to 7 times longer than a night of earth, and the distance of 16 billion km, caused the region below to look close to the time they left Swallow mound city.

Luo Feng brought Na Ke into the closest city. This city was called Meng Na city. It had an area of 10 million km, the side of the world they were in was called Yu Rong World.

……

“This Meng Na city is actually in Yu Rong world and is about 10 worlds apart from the Si Rong world before.” Na Ke was very shocked. “Big brother Feng, how long have I been asleep?”

“Relax, not even 30 days.” Luo Feng said.

Blood river world’s 30 days was about half a year earth’s time.

In truth, Na Ke had only slept for over 20 hours. However he would never know. With blood river continent’s different world’s attacking each other, plus it being simply too vast, there was no uniform timeline.

“Not even 30 days? That’s good.” Na Ke nodded. “I heard from many warriors that travelling 10 worlds would require a long amount of time.”

……

After settling down for a day in Meng Na city, Luo Feng placed Na Ke in that city’s Rain Blade sect. The leader of the sect personally welcomed the both of them.

“This is the punk I told you about, I’m leaving him here in your sect. When I finish my training, I will return to take him. When that time comes, I will naturally thank you.” Luo Feng looked at the Rain Blade sect leader before him. The leader nodded, “Relax, this little matter won’t be a problem!”

The leader of the sect was a skinny yet intrepid old man. As a cloud level (universe level) warrior, he was a prominent figure in Meng Na city.

However Luo Feng’s arrival last night had indeed shocked this old man. “This black haired youth, his power is beyond my comprehension, and I have no resistance before him. He should be a domain level warrior, and he’s really generous. To be on good terms with such an absolute warrior, that’s extremely lucky!”

At this time.

Na Ke began to stay in the Yu Rong world’s Meng Na city, Rain blade sect.

“Na Ke!”

“Your study of the bow and arrow before shows that your spirit energy is indeed strong. These are the spirit reader training techniques I have prepared for you.” Luo Feng took out a thick book, it was something Babata had printed using this world’s paper. Using this world’s words, a training manual for a spirit reader, from basic to deep had been created.

Actually, this was something only the elite disciples of the Yun Mo Planet could study.

“This training manuals, as long as you can study it, you can use it until you become an undying spirit.” Luo Feng said.

“Big brother Feng.” Na Ke looked surprised at the book before him. My god, the many worlds of Blood river continent were all fighting for valuable things. This manual that worked from star traveller level to undying, just how valuable was it.

“These are several suggestions I’ve prepared for you.” Luo Feng took out a thin book. “In it I’ve put down on how to use the treasures to enhance your training efficiency.”

“These are some treasures.” Luo Feng handed over a space ring.

“Using these treasures, as long as you train seriously, you can definitely become cloud level without any problem. As long as you work extra hard, you have the possibility of becoming domain level (domain lord). As for proceeding further, that’ll depend on yourself.” Luo Feng smiled at Na Ke.

Na Ke was shocked.

It was a gift from the heavens…

As long as he seriously trained, he could become cloud level (universe level)? Looking at the leader of the Rain blade sect, to be able to open a sect in a city, cloud level…this was definitely an absolute warrior in this city.

“Thanks, thanks.” Na Ke was so excited his eyes were red.

Luo Feng smiled.

What was this?

Back then, his teacher, the master of the Yun Mo Planet had prepared treasures for him to rush to the domain lord and even sector lord level! As long as he didn’t worry about the price, he could completely nurture a universe, domain lord and sector lord. Of course the price worth was simply too low. For example, the cost of creating a universe level alone could actually be used to buy an army of slave universe levels!

This Na Ke, was an aboriginal of Blood river world. He was born as a star traveller, plus with this world’s environment…his innate ability was much stronger than Luo Feng back then.

Luo Feng had only prepared some treasures enough to nurture him to cloud level!

“I know you really wish to return!”

“But remember!”

“Before cloud level, I definitely won’t allow you to return.” Luo Feng emphasized. “Travelling 10 worlds is simply too dangerous. Without the strength of a cloud level, that will simply be suicide.”

“Hm!” Na Ke nodded.

Luo Feng smiled, “Alright, whatever I’ve given you, don’t tell another soul.”

“That I know.” Na Ke was from a business family. Naturally he knew the outcome of revealing the treasures.

“Haha, I’m leaving.”

Luo Feng smiled and turned, vanishing from sight, leaving only Na Ke there.

Na Ke grabbed the thick book in his hands, flipping it open, the words on every page were very small, and the amount of information within was shocking.

“Father, you were right, this opportunity is a big one!” Na Ke kept the book in his space ring and his eyes were filled with resolve. “I will definitely train until I get strong, definitely!”


Chapter 511: Absorption

Luo Feng rushed into the sky. He passed through the many cloud layers straight to the 18th level and arrived in the space above blood river world.

“Little Na Ke.” Luo Feng looked down through the vast clouds. “I’ve done what I could. As for what level you reach in the future, that’ll depend on yourself. A true warrior will ultimately still rely on himself to train. I’m still training myself, only earlier than you by a little.”

Shua!

Luo Feng flew into the automaton ship that appeared beside him and ordered, “Proceed towards the ancient god ruins!”

The automaton ship took on the appearance of a meteorite and swiftly proceeded in space.

As for the father of the Na family’s fate…Luo Feng could only wish him the best. Afterall, he had his own path to walk!

“Useless!”

“A bunch of useless beings!” A black robed Si Yong, who was almost like an absolute beast standing above the palace, howled at the group of underlings kneeling below him. “Three whole days, it’s been three whole days! This is the answer you are giving me? There’s no use at all!”

The upper echelon of Swallow mound city were like weak little bunnies, as they were all trembling.

“How can he blame us. That picture shows a fully armored and masked warrior, and it’s the most common types. As for searching for information…there are many mysterious warriors, however they are all fake.” The underlings were all complaining within, however before the world city leader they didn’t dare make a sound.

“What a joke!”

“Do you all know that this is a big joke!” Si Yong’s expression was heavy, and he was raging, “The bastards from the worlds around us will take us to be a joke! And you all are simply useless!”

The group kneeling below all trembled hard, not daring to look up.

“Useless!”

“You are all useless. Go!” Si Yong roared, “Go and spread the news about the bounty on information around Swallow mound city. Let them know that the murderer has domain level pinnacle strength, wears black armor, and also uses a blade and shield. Also put a picture of the weapons up, go spread it!”

“As long as anyone can provide a bit of information, reward them 1 million treasure currency! If they can provide the location, and its true, reward them 1 hundred million treasure currency, and immediately give him a luxurious mansion within Swallow mound city, along with 8000 slaves and 8000 guards!” Si Yong said solemnly.

“Yes!”

The group glanced at each other, shocked at the amount of the rewards that were being handed out. They were all kneeling and complying.

“Why are you still here! Get out!” Si Yong howled, the group fled terrified.

Only Si Yong was left in the palace, along with the 4 underlings he had brought with him.

“Master, leave this matter to us. Relax…” A simple and honest looking middle aged man said. Si Yong shot him a look, saying coldly, “Just being the joke among the sector lords around isn’t enough for me to be so enraged. Do you know? The undying shrine is already asking me just why the two envoys died on my territory. That group of old punks…”

Si Yong’s expression was ashen, snorting coldly, “Hmph, the death of two envoys, this small matter isn’t enough for the high and mighty undying spirits to personally come out. Hence those old punks are using their power and authority to clamor about! This makes me so mad. I really want to punch them and reduce them to nothing!”

The 4 underlines exchanged glances, realizing that it was the undying shrine giving him pressure.

……

Swallow mound city.

“Make way, make way!” A group of soldiers riding beasts shouted, chasing a large amount of people off to the side of the streets.

“Here, stick!”

The leader of the group of soldiers pointed at a large shiny wall at the side and ordered. Immediately, the soldiers jumped off their beasts and swiftly began sticking their pictures and posters of the mysterious murderer all over the wall. Very quickly, that incredibly clear picture’s shocking reward made every one who saw it dumbfounded.

This was considered a major road, with a high amount of traffic.

“As long as the news is a bit useful, the reward is 1 million…treasure currency? 1 million treasure currency? How much is that?”

“I haven’t personally seen treasure currency before.”

“1 treasure currency, that’s 1,000 big currency, 1 billion little currency. I only earn 10 little currency a day, how long would it take for me to earn that amount.”

“Look!”

“1 hundred million treasure currency? Luxurious mansion, 8,000 slaves and guards?”

“Madness, madness!”

“8,000 slaves and guards! To arrange for so many slaves and guards in a mansion, even in Swallow mound city, that would be considered top class. Even the general’s mansion and Pure feather family, only those mansions would be bigger than this one.”

“Bounty for murderer, domain level pinnacle?”

“I think I’ve seen this man before, similar to a guest in the flying cloud pavilion.”

“You must be dreaming, your flying cloud pavilion has 100,000 guests, and many of them look like that.”

……

Madness!

That huge bounty, even the cloud level (Universe level) warriors couldn’t help but get enticed by it, much less the normal masses. The high and mighty city world leader casually threw out a bounty, causing the entire Swallow mound city to fall into an uproar unlike ever before, the investigation degree immediately soared!

Space.

While Swallow mound city began spreading its huge bounty all over, Luo Feng was in the automaton ship heading towards the ancient god ruins. He took out a blood river crystal.

Training room.

Luo Feng lay there, staring at the beautiful triangular blood red crystal. “Heading towards the ancient god ruins, there’s still a distance of 1.2 trillion km. With the automaton ship’s speed, it would still take over 2 months to get there.” No matter which ship it was, the closer its speed got to light speed, the harder it got!

Just like a test, a perfect 100, the closer one got to 100 the harder it was to get one point more!

Similarly.

The closer a ship got to light speed, the harder it was to accelerate! The moment there was higher resistance, then it would be hard to reach light speed. It may be space, however it was still space within a secret region. Not even mentioning the space dust and fragments, just the material space energies forming mist, under shocking speed…even the mist would form resistance.

“If I can universe travel, travelling through and slowing down to return to the actual universe, I’d reach quickly. It’s a pity…I cannot.”

“Then…I’ll absorb the blood river crystal!”

Luo Feng adjusted himself, following which he used his right index to slash his left palm. Just like a blade slash, the wound appeared and fresh blood flowed out. Luo Feng placed the blood river crystal on the wound, that formless energy immediately rushed into Luo Feng’s body, simultaneously triggering the originally dormant cells within his body with mysterious energy.

A simple engraving line appeared on Luo Feng’s chest.

“Rumble!”

“Kill!”

“Kill!” Just like an endless gush of water flowing, that powerful determination filled with madness and killing intent clashed against Luo Feng’s willpower. Just in terms of willpower sturdiness…many sector lords couldn’t even compare to Luo Feng. Even the high and mighty undyings, those that didn’t know about mental training, couldn’t compare to Luo Feng’s willpower.

Willpower!

Didn’t have anything to do with training!

Heart like a mirror, seeing through what may seem terrifying and fierce, during times of chaos, it was incomparably steady and sturdy.

Heart like a blade, slashing through obstructions!

“This fierce willpower attack is about two times that of last time.” Luo Feng was suspicious. “Since its the same crystal, the willpower within should be the same. How come the willpower attack from this 2nd crystal is 2 times that of the 1st? Could it be the remnant willpower hidden within from the 1st crystal?”

Before Luo Feng could understand it, that extreme pain that shook his soul permeated through his body.

The crystal in his hand flowed with threads of blood red energy, swiftly permeating his entire body, and as it went in, it made his body go through extreme changes.

Pitter patter…

Luo Feng’s entire person swelled up, his bones and muscles grew thicker. Since these changes were happening within a short period of time, one could only imagine the extreme pain.

……

All sorts of unimaginable changes were happening to his body.

“How painful, why is it so much worse than the 1st time.” Luo Feng’s eyes were cold. However, his muscles were twitching uncontrollably, his teeth too were growing sharp and long and turning into fangs. This pain had already extended from his body into his soul, Luo Feng’s willpower and consciousness were however very strong.

He was forcefully bearing everything, and did not let himself get affected, at least he remained lucid.

“Chi!” Luo Feng’s chest suddenly split opened and fresh blood spewed out.

“Pa!” The morphing leg suddenly broke.

Hua hua…suddenly, large amounts of blood red energy swiftly flowed backwards within his body, returning to the blood red crystal in his hand. In an instant, the almost fully transparent crystal returned to its original blood red color.

“It’s stopped?”

“What’s going on?” Luo Feng realized his body had return to its human form, the only change was the wound on his chest and his broken leg. With a thought, the pure energy from his internal world swiftly regenerated his body, and very quickly the wounds and broken bones returned to normal, perfectly undamaged.

……

Luo Feng quietly sat in the sofa, lifting a glass of wine in one hand and the blood river crystal in the other.

“No change, this blood river crystal didn’t change at all.” Luo Feng frowned, “And I can feel, my body hasn’t improved at all! The mysterious energy within my body and my comprehension of the origin laws are all still the same. This absorption was a complete failure!”

Yes, complete failure.

“How could it be?”

“My consciousness and willpower, I only failed after reaching the fantasy ocean’s 10th island. My body…human body, but its normal.” Luo Feng thought. His eyes gleamed, and in his mind a few words from the books flashed. The contents were about how valuable and rare the blood river crystal was! Absorption was very hard. Absorbing 1 alone was very hard, 2 would have ten times the requirements on the body, absorbing 3 would have 100 times the requirements! The further one got, the harsher the requirements were!”

Remembering these words, Luo Feng realized.

“Right, body!”

“My earth body is considered normal. 1 was successful and the 2nd was a failure.”

“However, 10 times to requirements on the body? Which side of the body do the requirements fall on?” Luo Feng frowned, “Body strength, toughness, cell activity? Also…it says that slaughtering will aid in the absorption of the crystals. However, which part of the body does slaughtering help?”


Chapter 512: Fate

“The killing aura of the ancient god ruins. The sayings states that going there to soak in the killing aura would help with the absorption of the blood river crystals.”

“They also state that slaughtering would help with the absorption too.”

“Also that the requirements for absorption are very harsh!”

Luo Feng nodded, understanding finally. “Obviously, mad slaughtering and soaking in the killing aura from the ancient god ruins would produce a special effect in the body. Raising that certain part of the body will allow one to be able to absorb the crystal!”

Slaughter?

His earth body could be said to have slaughtered a lot, compared to normal humans.

Yet it wasn’t that much either, his earth body’s slaughtering was indeed limited. However he did slaughter quite a bit in the virtual universe network. However, those were all simulated and it wouldn’t change his body at all.

“Haha…”

“The only reason I’m heading to the ancient god ruins is to become a blood warrior and potentially even a black warrior. However I didn’t even expect the 2nd crystal absorption to fail.” Luo feng shook his head. As he closed his eyes, his consciousness connected to the virtual universe network and entered the absolute beginning region to train.

In the pathway.

“My luck sure is bad, I lost again.” Yu Chun Yang cursed as he walked.

“Big brother, big brother.” A voice resounded.

“Hm?” Yu Chun Yang turned to look. An armored youth was running over, extremely excited as he smiled and said, “I say Ah Xiang, why do you look so happy? Has our young master Na Ke been found?”

“Nope! The old master has been looking all over for him. However he seemed to have vanished,but no one knows to where.” The armored Yu Xiang shook his head. “Swallow mound city is in such a mess. With the young master’s dumb temperament, who knows… he may have messed with the wrong people and gotten himself killed.”

“Damn, you dare curse the young master’s death?” Yu Chun Yang stared.

Yu Xiang rolled his eyes, dragging Yu Chun Yang to the side and communicated mentally, “Big brother, have you seen the bounty rewards around?”

“What bounty, I just came out of the casino. Why would I have looked at the bounties.” Yu Chun Yang shook his head.

“Come with me.” Yu Xiang dragged his older brother.

“To where?”

“Just follow me.”

The two brothers quickly arrived before the bounty posters in a walkway. The allure of the bounty was simply too huge after all. Even now, large amounts of people hung about looking at it, many muttering and dreaming about being the ones who gave the information or discovered the killer, receiving the bounty.

“1 million treasure currency? 1 hundred million treasure currency?” Yu Chun Yang stared wide eyed.

“Look carefully at the details of the bounty, that killer’s picture, the weapons and armor he uses.” Yu Xiang communicated within.

Yu Chun Yang looked, immediately his eyes stared wide, turning back to look at his bother, replying, “Ah Xiang, this, this is the absolute warrior we met when we accompanied the young master into the wilderness forest. Didn’t he use this shield and this type of blade. And he instantly killed the 13 axe, they didn’t even have time to react. The 13 axe has three cloud levels. That warrior…should be a domain level!”

“Right.” Yu Xiang nodded, communicating, “Our Swallow mound city rarely ever sees a domain level warrior. The shield and weapons are the same, it wouldn’t be that coincidental? This Lord Feng is really vicious. Even the envoys of the undying shrine were killed, too vicious.”

“Should we?” Yu Chun Yang’s eyes gleamed.

“Do we go or not?” Yu Xiang looked at his big brother.

“This…” Yu Chun Yang hesitated.

“If you are not going, I’m going.” Yu Xiang communicated. “Don’t regret it, even though the old master treats us not bad, however, didn’t we enter the Na family for money?”

Yun Chun Yang grit his teeth, “Alright, let’s go!”

Hence, the 2 swiftly headed to the city leader’s mansion.

……

City leader’s mansion.

Si Yong sat in the throne of the palace. Gazing below, there were three people bowing respectfully.

“Have you found anything?” Si Yong’s voice was solemn, yet filled with formless pressure. “After pasting the bounties, it’s definitely been better. However of the three you all mentioned before, two of them were determined to be false. That last one…we are unable to confirm. Yet, you say there’s a guarantee now?”

“World city leader!” A deputy general from the army was filled with glee, saying excitedly, “This time, the guarantee is much bigger than before! We’ve acquired three people’s confessions…they all state the same person.”

“Hm?” Above the palace, Si Yong looked up.

“He’s called Feng! According to the confessions of the three people… not long ago, this Feng was in the wild beast forest outside. There he met Swallow mound city’s Na Family’s young master Na Ke and his guards. Along the way, they were attacked by the 13 axe, but that mysterious warrior simply attacked and formed 13 images. With 13 blades, he killed all of them, and apparently they didn’t even have the chance to react!”

“13 axe, what organization is that?” Si Yong frowned.

“World city leader, they are a prominent organization within this Swallow mound territory. The 13 axe refer to 13 warriors, of which 3 are cloud level! And 10 of them at sky level pinnacle.” The deputy general said respectfully, “As for the deaths of the 13 axe, we’ve already confirmed that they were all done by that one person.”

“Ah?” Si Yong stood up violently.

This news was vicious!

Instantly producing 13 images and killing 13, and of which 3 were cloud levels…

“Space origin laws?” Si Yong’s eyes lit up, confirming within, “Right, the footage envoy Mo sent of the black warrior, he was using space laws, and his speed was extremely shocking.”

“Weapon?” Si Yong asked.

“Shield, blade, similar to the picture.” The deputy general said seriously.

“Very good!” Si Yong’s eyes gleamed, “Go, find out more news on this Feng!”

“Yes!”

……

Back then he couldn’t bear to leave his business and chose to remain in Swallow mound city. As his memory had been wiped, Nabu had been extremely anxious since he discovered his son was missing. He activated all his strength and resources to madly search for his son. So much so that he didn’t even look at the bounty.

When he actually saw it, he was shocked.

He too had suspected that the killer could very likely be Lord Feng! Hence he immediately wanted to control that group of guards.

However, other than the 4 he managed to control, the others weren’t around.

“Bring them away!”

“Bring them all away.”

“Hurry and look, this the namelist of the guards from back then. Find all of them. Also…hurry and find the Na Family’s young master Na Ke.”

The group of soldiers rushed into the Na family, grabbing Nabu and Thunder uncle away.

A purple uniformed beautiful lady stood outside the torture chamber. Clang! After it opened, the deputy general walked out.

“Greetings Lord.” The general was shocked as he saw the lady, bowing respectfully. This beautiful lady before him was one of the 4 great underlings World city leader Si Yong had brought with him, a domain level warrior.

“Interrogate the Na Family leader, have you found anything on Feng?” The lady questioned.

“No, he said he didn’t know either.” The deputy general shook his head. “I’ve carefully interrogated him, however I’ve discovered that this Na Family leader barely knew this Feng and had just met him a couple of times. Their relationship wasn’t deep.”

“Useless!” The beautiful lady roared.

The deputy general’s face flushed red, wanting to reply but not daring to say anything.

“Get out, take all of your men and leave. Leave it to me.” The lady said.

“Yes!”

The deputy general immediately took all of the army within the torture chamber, leaving only Nabu and Thunder uncle.

……

Within the torture chamber.

Nabu and thunder uncle were both pale, with injuries all over, they had been subjected to physical torture.

“Old master, we thought that the meeting of Lord Feng was a good thing. Who’d have expect we’d end up like this. It’s truly, truly…” Thunder uncle sighed. Beside him Nabu sighed too. “Lei Dong, this time our Na Family has implicated you.”

“Old master…” Thunder uncle was just about to speak.

That purple clothed lady walked in. By simply walking there, it caused both thunder uncle and Nabu to lose control of themselves. As their gaze fell on her body, they gradually fell into a daze.

“That group of idiots, using torture while interrogating, idiots.” The purple lady’s expression grew heavy, beginning her questioning. “You speak first, tell me the whole story of the meeting, and tell it clearly to me. Also tell me some of your conjectures…tell them all to me.”

Thunder uncle told the entire story.

Nabu too spoke.

Both of them, under the soul technique’s control, both guessed…that the killer was very likely to be Feng.

This questioning too made the purple clothed lady’s expression ugly.

The cold pierced through bones, a blurry long haired Si Yong stood in the pathway.

“Master.” The purple haired lady walked over and bowed respectfully. “From your footsteps, the results of the interrogation must not be very good.” Si Yong looked in the distance, his back facing the lady.

She lowered her head and said, “Yes, I used soul techniques and confirmed that these two weren’t lying. Their Na Family had indeed met with this Feng. However, this Feng seemed to have favored the young master Na Ke.”

“Na Ke? Where is he?” Si Yong asked indifferently.

“Na Ke has vanished.” The purple haired lady said softly. “And he vanished the night of the deaths of the envoys. Other than that, we cannot find any other information on this Feng. Also, Na Ke’s disappearance…even his father doesn’t know. Hence he’s been anxiously looking for his son, not even noticing the bounty, all this was revealed by some of his guards.”

“Na Ke’s disappearance is too much of a coincidence. I can guarantee that it has something to do with the killer!”

“Right now there are two possibilities.”

“One of them is that Na Ke knows detailed information on Feng. The killer was worried that his identity would be revealed. Hence, he killed him to silence him.”

“The second possibility is that Luo Feng knew it would be troublesome after killing the envoys, and that the trouble would befall the Na Family. Since he favored Na Ke, he took him away.” The purple haired lady said respectfully.

“What about Feng?” Si Yong’s voice was filled with a sense of rage. “I don’t want to know anything else about him. I just want to know…where this killer is. I want to catch him!”

“No idea, I cannot find anything.” The purple haired lady shook her head.

Rumble!

Si Yong waved his fist in rage. It hit the pillar on the side, immediately the mad explosive energy exploded, and terrifying shockwaves burst out from the pillar. It then fanned out and caused large amounts of constructs to be reduced to dust. Many waiters, soldiers and guards were immediately reduced to a mess, the lucky ones only had broken limbs.

In an instant, several km around the city leader’s mansion was reduced to waste, there were cries of pain and rumbling.

“Bastard!!!” Si Yong violently turned. His expression struggling, his explosive aura causing the skies and land to tremble.

“Master, what do I do with the Na Family?” The purple clothed lady asked respectfully.


Chapter 513: Ancient God Ruins

“Na Family” Si Yong’s killing aura was terrifying. He said solemnly, “Killing them won’t do us any good. And also, We can use Na Ke’s father as the bait!”

“Master, you mean?” The purple clothed lady’s eyes gleamed.

“Na Ke’s father, don’t kill him. Kill the rest of them.” Si Yong said indifferently, “Keep the father under our control. Who knows, Na Ke and the killer Feng may return.”

“Yes!” The purple clothed lady complied and left.

Si Yong’s gaze swept ahead at the few km of ruins before him, from where he could hear the screams of pain. However, he was expressionless.

He had indeed lost face this time, as he had lost two disciples and a special envoy, and on top of that, this was on his territory.

“Hmph!” Si Yong’s face was ashen. “Feng? If you are so strong, you cannot remain hidden forever. The moment you appear on any location within the Blood river continent, as long as I find out, I will make you understand the consequence of killing my, Si yong’s, disciples!”

In the space above Blood river continent, the automaton ship flew with shocking speed towards the ancient god ruins.

Along the way, during these past two months, Luo Feng was either in the absolute beginning region listening to classes by undyings or studying the 9 universe primal chaos tablet, floating blood and time space scribbles. Either that or he would return to the Black Dragon Mountain island to visit his wife and family. His days were fulfilling and carefree.

“Master, we’ve already arrived at the destination!”

Within the training room of the ship, a robotic voice resounded.

“Haha, we’ve finally arrived!” Luo Feng who was sitting crossed legged like a statue opened his eyes fiercely. Smiling, he became a blur as he rushed out.

“Ancient god ruins!”

“I’ve been waiting for this day for too long. If I don’t enter the ancient god ruins, when will I be able to absorb the 2nd crystal?” Luo Feng wore silver white armor and boots, and flew out of the cabin door. He changed his armor mainly as a precaution. After the whole incident in Swallow mound city, a black armored warrior may be noticed by wary people.

Of course, the ancient god ruins were extremely far from Swallow mound city, and as it was a wasteland, he didn’t need to be too worried.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew through the cloud layers from space and entered Blood river continent once again.

……

Sky Erosion Palace.

The huge palace floating in space was specially made to observe the activities on Blood river continent. In the 1st level’s side hall chamber, there was a huge screen. On that screen, one could see the scene of Luo Feng entering Blood river continent.

“Haha…this majesty Luo Feng, he’s heading to the ancient god ruins too.”

“So gutsy!”

10 sector lords in charge of watching over Blood river continent were chatting and laughing.

“Everybody, be serious! once our majesty Luo Feng meets with any enemy and sits in his automaton ship and escapes to the cloud layers, if any aboriginals dare to chase him, we have to kill them in an instant!”

“Understood.”

“Of course we know this. However, the ancient god ruins is the most important and also the most dangerous place in Blood river continent. Back then, many of our undyings from the Virtual Universe Company were said to have died there. Also, that place is very weird…the place majesty Luo Feng is heading to is very dangerous. The dangerous level mission he chose forced him to head there.”

“One’s path is chosen by himself! Our Virtual Universe Company never forces anyone to do anything they don’t want to do. However, no matter how much of a genius he is, since he’s chosen to enter the ancient god ruins, we must keep an eye on him! Riches and honor come with an element of danger. Even though it’s dangerous, if he makes any progress within the ancient god ruins, it wouldn’t be a small amount!”

“Hm!”

“Not only are the ancient god ruins mysterious, but the blood river crystals are very mysterious too.”

The group of sector lords were chatting, and the entire space above the cloud layers of Blood River continent was under their surveillance.

The clouds were thick and covered the land, almost like a fairyland.

Dressed in silver armor and boots, he descended through the clouds…

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s expression changed. It should have been the 15th cloud layer below, why are they blood red clouds!”

The endless clouds below were completely blood red, just like an endless blood ocean torrent. The terrifying formless killing aura here, made one’s heart palpitate. He couldn’t care less though, as he rushed downwards into that blood red cloud layer, he immediately felt a special energy affect him.

He suddenly felt restless!

His heart was in disarray, almost like he was wishing to slaughter.

“It actually fills one with the thoughts of slaughter. However, compared to the golden horned beast’s natural bloodlust, it pales in comparison!” Luo Feng’s heart was sturdy and immovable. He continued downwards, rushing past layer after layer of blood red clouds, finally reaching the 1st level.

He surveyed below!

An endless mountain range, wasteland, swamp, and other environments could be seen. However the ground itself was peculiar. As for the mountain ranges, it was almost as though an entire layer of it was sliced off, or cut off. The wastelands however had huge pits all over, and every one of them were a few hundred km in diameter.

One large pit after another.

It was almost as though…it was some extremely huge beast’s foot prints.

The most important thing was…the region below was filled with thick red mist, and because of the mist, it was hard to see far clearly.

“Ancient god ruins. Looking at this messy environment, it’s indeed in ruins.” Luo Feng swiftly gazed about.

……

The ancient god ruins had a diameter of a trillion km. This was a bandit and vagrant filled place. the earth in this vast ruins would be like a drop of water in the Yellow river!

On the shiny ground, there were several white bones.

Pa!

Luo Feng descended from the sky. As his silver boots landed on a damaged blade, he frowned heavily.

“This is the killing aura?” Luo Feng felt a formless energy continuously invade his mind and heart. Simultaneously, another energy permeated in through his skin, as for this peculiar energy, neither his genetic energy or spirit energy could stop it. It would permeate in and then exit his body again.

Almost as though his body was air, it passed right through.

And during this process, his body had some special changes.

“Killing aura? Not right, the killing aura of the universe is purely on the mental level. A person’s brutality and slaughter will cause his gaze to be filled with killing aura. However…this ‘killing aura’ isn’t just on the mental level, it even affects the physical body.” Luo Feng was extremely sure.

His body began to change gradually, changes that even he didn’t know about.

This was also why the aboriginals of Blood River continent thought that soaking in the killing aura would make the absorption of the crystals easier.

“At least I can confirm!”

“This change has benefits. Otherwise the dangerous level mission that the Virtual Universe Company gave us, wouldn’t give a reward of 100,000 points to become a blood warrior the 2nd mission. The company is obviously hoping I’d become a blood warrior.” Luo Feng was confident that the changes were beneficial.

Shua!

Luo Feng strode forward and it was already 10km. In this vast ancient god ruins, Luo Feng began to move with shocking speed, as he was feeling the changes the ruins did to his body.

“The killing aura is thicker here, and it’s weaker here.”

“The thicker killing aura seems to have stronger effects on one’s mentality. At the same time, the improvements on the body are also faster.” Luo feng had already found that the killing aura was raising a special property within one’s cells. “The weaker the killing aura, the weaker the effect on my mentality, the body’s changes are also slower.”

“I need to save time!”

“Hence I have to find a place with thicker aura.” Luo Feng swiftly rose up and flew into the skies searching about.

Detecting the level of the aura was easy, he could easily see which regions had thick red mist or more diluted mists.

Most of the regions simply contained a lighter mist, and some had thicker red mist. Luo Feng searched for a good half an hour within an extremely large ancient mountain range.

“There!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. Within the distant forest in the mountain range, the red killing aura was obviously shockingly much thicker.

Sou!

Luo Feng carefully flew over, noticing that there wasn’t anybody else around.

The books had mentioned that there were many warriors that entered the ancient god ruins, yet he hadn’t seen even one so far. He thought that everybody would have the same thought of entering a spot where the killing aura was thicker, so that they can improve faster.

“Nobody?” Luo Feng entered the thicker aura region.

“Wa! This feeling…feels good!” Luo Feng felt as though countless water drops were seeping into his every cell. As the thick aura floated past his body, he felt a very obvious change. As it was very obvious, hence he felt extremely clear. In the depths of his cells, it could be said that a change was occurring at the very essence of his cells and body itself.

Almost like a caterpillar within a cocoon becoming a butterfly. “Kill!!!” An endless amount of killing intent rushed into Luo Feng’s soul, and because of the changes in his body, it caused a large amount of the slaughter thoughts to invade the deepest part of his body. As time passed, it would meld with his soul itself, those with weaker willpower will thus go crazy. Even the ones with strong willpower would become addicted to killing others.

“What shocking killing aura and willpower!” Luo Feng stood beside a thick tree, patiently standing.

That endless killing aura continued to invade his consciousness.

It was even stronger than the 1st blood river crystal. It was obvious that the thicker killing aura areas were something not everybody could endure.

“1st and 2nd brother had said before, any place with a strong sense of desire is a good place to train one’s mental strength and heart. This killing aura…will help train my heart further.” Luo Feng sat crossed legged under the tree.

Shua!

A ghostly figure flashed in the distance, after which it reached right before Luo Feng. A glaring flash of a blade pierced right at Luo Feng’s head.

Sou! Over a hundred images of Luo Feng appeared around.

Rumble!

The thick tree behind Luo Feng immediately exploded into countless chips and pieces flew all over. In an instant, the surrounding ancient trees were either falling or broken at certain parts, a huge explosion could be heard.

“You actually dare to ambush me, you must be looking for death!” Luo Feng’s eyes raged. With a howl, a blood shadow blade appeared in his hand and he immediately pierced at the ghostly silhouette that appeared before him.


Chapter 514: Huge Pit

Sou!

That ghostly silhouette suddenly decided to flee without any hesitation, as the assassination failed.

“Trying to flee?” Luo Feng’s gaze was cold. Becoming a blur as he swiftly chased. After reaching universe level 9, his speed was simply too fast, crossing over 300km in a second. The two of them flashed for several hundred km about, eventually reaching above the canyon.

“His speed cannot be a match for mine, however he’s stepped through the entrance of the wind laws, hence his movement is peculiar. It’s a pity that his comprehension is very low.” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed with killing intent. During the instant he flew passed the canyon, his spirit energy connected with the universe space suddenly as he felt a ripple.

“Not good!” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

Below the canyon, a 3m tall armored warrior wielding two huge axes rushed from blow. His eyes were like copper as he roared, “Go and die!”

Rumble!

He swung his two huge axes!

“Haha, who’s afraid?” Luo Feng held his blood illusion blade, not even dodging. His gaze was cold and brutal, his entire being tilted downwards and swiftly rushed downwards. Simultaneously, he used the force of his descent, and accumulated all his strength into his right arm, as the blade began to meld with the universe space and gold laws.

The blade brought with it an absolute madness as it slashed downwards!

The warrior below too waved his axe fiercely, slashing over!

“Chi!” A needle like spirit energy pierced into Luo Feng’s consciousness, crashing into that extremely sturdy Void pagoda, causing it to slightly tremble. Obviously the attack was very strong, affecting Luo Feng’s consciousness.

“Rumble!”

The blade and the axes clashed, that brutal and wild warrior was naturally gifted with strength and power. And Luo Feng’s blade was Burial of the Illusionary 7 blades, it too was very powerful. Although it was infused with two origin laws, it was a pity at the critical time his consciousness was affected.

“Chi!” That warrior’s body shook from the impact, his face flushed red as he spit out blood, losing control of the huge axe in his hand as it flew out. The axe became like a shooting star, flying straight into the mountain beside. With a rumble, countless rubble and stones fell.

He couldn’t help as his body fell down, and his right hand was torn apart.

“You wish to flee?” Luo Feng wielded the blood shadow blades and madly descended chasing him.

“How can this be?” As he was descending, he looked back with fear at the silver armored warrior chasing after him. “He, he’s also a universe level 9. In terms of speed he’s even faster than Shadow. And he even met my attack head on, under Demon’s spirit attack he actually even heavily injured me, is he a human or ghost?”

Luo Feng flew downwards. His gaze was as sharp as knives, as he was staring at the built huge axe warrior and waiting for a chance to kill him.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

From below the canyon, large amounts of gold light suddenly shot out brushing past the warrior and piercing towards Luo Feng.

“Spirit weapon?” Luo Feng’s thoughts moved.

Immediately before him, 1,000 little knife blades appeared and the black blur of countless blades could be seen. This was after Luo Feng had almost lost to Rock Wind Xiong, he specially asked Babata to build a simple sharp knife blade. Even though these blades weren’t expensive or anything, and were just simple blades.

However, Luo Feng who had already glimpsed some of the essence of the universe space laws, even without any law engravings on the spirit weapons helping, could still use the space laws to move them.

The engravings on the spirit weapons were only there to assist, allowing others to use it more easily to attack.

However a true skilled warrior didn’t need those.

With a thought, one would break through the space itself, and with another thought, one could even reverse time.

Luo Feng couldn’t do that. However as he had already glimpsed the essence, even without the help, he could still use law infused attacks. Naturally…doing it this way was more taxing and the power was weaker.

“Absolute domain!” Luo Feng stared at the large amounts of golden light.

The countless blades before him formed 11 black blade dragons. Every one of the black dragons were formed from large amounts of blades…also, all of them were connected to the universe space. These 11 dragons were like 11 ropes, pulling the universe space, causing the space to pressure downwards.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

Countless golden lights slowed down, dispersed by the black dragons, the 11 black dragons however continued to rush downwards at the built warrior.

“Mercy, I’m from the undying shrine!” A shocked voice resounded within Luo Feng’s ears.

……

Below the canyon, standing in the sky, a long blood red haired cool youth revealed a look of shock. “How can it be, he, he actually knocked away my spirit weapons. My spirit weapon was personally built by the undying spirits. He, his speed is faster than Shadow, he could even block Demon’s spirit attack, meeting that brutal punk head on, and even knocking away my spirit weapons!”

“Just who is he!” The cool youth was completely shocked. However, in spite of that, he still communicated to Luo Feng for him to show mercy.

……

“We are from the undying shrine.”

“Please let Wu Qi go!”

Two other silhouettes flew from the above the canyon, one was the shadow that tried to assassinate him before, and the other was covered in a black uniform wearing a mask.

“You all tried to kill me for no apparent reason just now, and you still wish for me to let you off?” Luo Feng used his spirit energy to control the 11 black blade dragons, immediately smashing into the built huge axe warrior who was trying to defend in a last ditch attempt, exploding his body, fresh blood flew everywhere.

Hu!

The 11 black blade dragons immediately rushed downwards towards the blood red long haired cool youth.

“Shua!”

That cool youth was shocked as a round disc appeared blow his feet, immediately becoming a beam of light and fleeing. As the two originally had quite a distance between them…and a spirit weapon control range had a limit, even though the 11 black blade dragons were extremely powerful, without the help of law engravings, it was taxing for Luo Feng to control them.

“Quickly flee!” Shadow from below along with the black uniformed youth quickly rushed into a universe ship that appeared before them and swiftly escaped.

“Damn!”

“Where did these people come from?” Luo Feng was shocked from the situation, floating in mid air in the canyon. “One of them has a spirit weapon and a flying spirit disc. Even in the universe, they would be considered truly exceptional spirit weapons. And they actually carry a universe ship, obviously even better than the ship of the envoys before. At least its speed is much faster.”

With a wave, the 11 black blade dragons swiftly disappeared.

Sou!

Luo Feng swiftly descended, landing on the ground of the canyon. There lay the remains of the built warrior.

“Space item.” Luo Feng found that warrior’s space bracelet and took it.

“Doesn’t seem right, these 4 universe level 9s were too strong. One of them was even extremely fast, even stepping through the entrance of the wind laws. Even among the universe, any universe level who steps through the law entrances would be considered an absolute genius. Just one spirit attack could actually shake my void pagoda! And that brute could take my slash head on and not die. And the last controller, the strength of his spirit weapon wasn’t weak at all.”

“Peculiar.”

“On blood river continent, this sort of place, where did so many geniuses pop out from?” I’ll leave here first and check it out slowly.” Luo Feng didn’t dare get careless. He immediately became a blur and flew swiftly towards the deeper regions of the ancient god ruins.

Anyway, the ancient god ruins was vast and endless, he could start anywhere.

In the cloud levels high above.

3 silhouettes gathered in mid air. It was the shadow, black uniformed man and the blood red long haired cool youth. However these three weren’t as arrogant as before, and all of them were extremely shocked.

“How, how can he be that strong?” Shadow’s voice was deeper, however it was clear she was a lady.

“We are all exceptional geniuses from the undying shrine in Blood River continent. We’ve all come to the ancient god ruins to experience life and death training. Without combined forces, against a similar universe level 9 youth, we actually, actually, couldn’t do anything against him, 4 against 1!” The cool youth shook his head. “Too vicious and too strong. He is absurdly strong. He has already stepped through the gold and space origin laws, also, his spirit weapons obviously didn’t have any law engravings and his power was still greater than mine.”

“Strong!”

“Very strong!” The black uniformed youth with a mask said solemnly. “My spirit attack didn’t even affect him, he still managed to slash and heavily injure Wu Qi, who was unable to do anything.”

The three of them were completely dazed.

They were all proud absolute geniuses, the exceptional geniuses of blood river continent. They had been heavily nurtured from the undying shrine. Even higher than the special envoys.

Proud geniuses or not, they too had to experience life and death trainings.

“There’s always a sky above ours, we cannot be proud. There are still many geniuses that haven’t been discovered here on Blood River continent. The one from today was very strong.”

“Hm.”

“We’ll continue our training.”

The undying shrine’s request for these geniuses was that they had to absorb 3 blood river crystals before they could return. Otherwise, they’ll just have to die at the ancient god ruins.

……

The four that fought against Luo Feng were the absolute geniuses of Blood River continent. As they didn’t have the virtual universe network, in terms of information exchange and recruiting geniuses alone was very hard. Many absolute geniuses would be never found. By the time a true warrior is finally discovered by the strong, that would have been a waste of the the best nurturing period already.

Compared to those four!

Luo Feng was from the vast humanity of the universe. Through the mad search of the virtual universe network, competing time and again, selected through trillions of geniuses and proving himself through battles over and over.

Finally reaching the universe top 10!

And right now, he was regarded as this batch’s absolute genius next to Bolan. However, after studying in primal chaos city for 30 years, how could those four compare.

Luo Feng didn’t have an aim, walking and training within the endless and vast ancient god ruins was his goal.

There were many places with thick killing aura, there was no need to stay at one spot.

Half a month later.

“Hm?” Luo Feng stood above a 100,000m tall mountain. Looking into the distance, there was an extremely huge pit, “What a huge pit…I had seen many huge pits before with diameters several hundred km, they were quite orderly. Why then is this pit was absurdly bigger, its diameter is close to 10,000km.”

“I’ll go take a look.”

Luo Feng originally wanted to walk and train so as to explore the ancient god ruins more. At this time however, he couldn’t help but curiously head to the huge pit


Chapter 515: Ancient Picture

A huge pit with a diameter of close to 10,000km, just what was it?

Even if the moon was thrown in it, it would barely fill it up!

Luo Feng stood at the edge of the pit, feeling a weird energy emitting from within. This energy was vigorous, ancient, mad…

“What a thick killing aura.” Luo Feng gazed. He couldn’t see the end of this huge pit. Initially, even when he stood at the 10,000m tall mountain, he could barely see the edges of the huge pit. However, as he stood here now, no matter how he looked, he couldn’t see its end, almost as though it was vast and endless.

“This huge pit seems like a good place. It’s extremely deep and the killing aura is really thick!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. Revealing a smile, “I can build a living quarters here in the pit and train for a long time.”

For the past half a month, as he didn’t have a fixed goal, he had been wandering randomly. But the main reason was that half a month ago, he met the 4 universe level 9 geniuses.

After he killed one and acquired his space item, a good scan revealed something…

The dead warrior too had a universe ship, and communication device. Babata’s invasive scan of the communication device had revealed a recorded message within it. From the details of the message, he could deduce…the dead warrior was called Wu Qi and he was an elite genius nurtured by the undying shrine.

“A genius nurtured by the undying shrine? I may have some trouble from some absolute warriors.” Back then Luo Feng thought. As this blood river continent wasn’t his home ground, he had rushed into the 18th cloud level and sat in his automaton ship, flying for 10 billion km before coming to a stop.

……

“I need a safe spot to settle down for a long period of time to study my 9 universe tablet properly.” Luo Feng jumped down from the edge of the pit and descended.

“The killing aura is really thick.”

“Good spot, this is a good spot.” Luo Feng’s face was filled with glee He allowed the gravity to pull him down and eventually came to a stop after descending for 1,000 km.

Looking at the sides of the mountain, Luo Feng nodded. “Right here is a good spot. I’ll dig a hole in the wall of the mountain and stay here.”

As for the bottom of the pit?

Who knew just how deep this pit went for, only when he had the time would he decide to go and check.

Luo Feng finally set his roots down in this huge pit. With his ability, he was easily able to dig a 100m wide, 100m long and 10m tall space for himself. He also renovated it by carving several stones into statues, along with carvings on the walls, making it feel like a normal home.

As for this living quarters, Luo Feng proudly named it Huge Pit quarters.

There was a pathway deep in the Huge pit quarters that linked to the side of the mountain wall.

……

The silver armored Luo feng and Mosha Luo Feng simultaneously sat cross legged on a rock bed.

Yes.

His earth body and the Mosha clan were both in the external world together. Afterall, the Mosha clan body was very sensitive with the universe space. Thus, the moment any warrior drew close, he would be discovered…and, in times of crisis, the Mosha Luo Feng could become a bodyguard.

“This killing aura is unique to the ancient god ruins and its effects are really obvious on the body.” Luo feng suddenly stood up. Mosha Luo Feng beside immediately vanished into the internal world. “The only thing is, my earth body and the Mosha body both have clear pathways to train, but what about the golden horned beast?”

Deities of the world and absolute void were definitely emphasized, however the golden horned beast still lacked a battle technique.

There were many techniques within its inherited memories. Long before blood river world, Luo Feng had thought about this problem. Even with Babata’s help, he only managed to narrow it down to 12 selected techniques for Luo Feng to pick. However the choice was simply too hard, and he only managed to pick 3 out of them.

They were, 8 Level Hunt, Tearing Sky and Land, Gold Horn.

These 3 techniques were all very powerful. Luo Feng’s thoughts were to let the golden horned beast try these 3 first and train in them. After observing the results, he would then pick the technique which he is most proficient in.

All of these 3 great techniques belonged to close combat.

8 level Hunt, focused on movement.

Tearing Sky and Lan, focused on close combat violence.

Gold Horn, focused on killing in 1 blow.

Even though they were all powerful, each of these three had their own specialty, be it movement, 1 hit kill or violence.

“This is really troublesome.”

“At times, with endless choices before you, it does bring about a headache.” Luo Feng sighed. After saying those words, he couldn’t help but laugh. Those words were indeed vexing. Even the absolute geniuses of the Virtual Universe Company had to use points to exchange for techniques.

This was totally unlike the golden horned beast, picking whichever techniques from the inherited memories.

“I cannot get too proud, if i do, I’ll be unlucky. I have to be humble, humble.” Feeling good, Luo Feng snorted and followed the pathway in his quarters to a point close to the edge of the hole.

He sat by the exit and looked at the endless depths of the huge pit below. Before him was the endless amounts of thick killing aura, he stopped thinking and relaxed.

“Hm.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng frowned as he looked in the distant killing aura.

The pit was shockingly huge. Naturally the aura would flow within the depth forming all sorts of illusionary pictures, occasionally forming very lifelike pictures. At this time, within his field of vision, a blurry 100km huge picture could be seen in the distance.

Faint and distant…

It was a picture of a type of huge lizard. The only difference from a real lizard was that it had a horn that pierced the skies! Also, it was more built and its claws were bigger.

Within that blurry picture…

A huge palm suddenly fell from the sky, and that 100km long beast actually looked up and rushed towards the sky. As it flew, its long lizard tail waved swiftly, and fiercely smashed into that huge palm.

Rumble!

The picture dispersed and the energies flowed out, no longer forming as realistic a picture as before.

“This, this, this…” Luo Feng stared wide eyed. The blurry scenes from before flashed in his mind. The movement of the beast before was mainly flying and waving its long tail. After which that tail whipped that heavenly palm, causing it to totally crumble.

Flight!

Tail wave!

The picture kept flashing in his mind while he was training the 3 techniques of 8 level Hunt, Tearing Sky and Land and Gold Horn. During this period, Luo Feng suddenly comprehended quite a bit. As his consciousness were linked, anything he understood and saw, the other 2 would naturally learn too. The golden horned beast’s training naturally was his earth body’s training.

“This, is definitely not a natural appearance. It cannot be that a simple formed picture would be infused with so much deep origin laws!”

Indeed!

Deep and profound!

Even the simple flight and wave of the tail replayed in his mind. For the tail to actually whip and crumble that palm, its power was unbelievable.

“This is not a natural occurrence.” Luo Feng suddenly thought of how he gazed at the ancient god ruins from above, seeing the huge pits all over, almost like footprints of an absolute beast. This made Luo Feng’s mind flash and his eyes gleamed. “Those huge pits, could be left behind by a beast from when the legendary battle between the Virtual Universe Company and the aboriginals of blood river world clashed.

“Then!”

“That blurry image earlier, could it be a certain battle scene from back then?” Luo Feng was shocked within. In terms of perspective, his was indeed high.

He felt…

That quick battle scene from the picture before definitely exceeded the battle scene of undyings. Because, in primal chaos city, Luo Feng had personally witnessed two undyings battling, and has also seen his teacher True Yan demonstrate his prowess. The only thing was, from the feeling, it didn’t compare with that beast or the huge palm.

“Palm?” Luo Feng’s eyes stared wide.

“Huge palm?”

It was almost as though a clap of thunder resounded in his head!

Back then in primal chaos city, when the two undyings were battling, the universe space itself went silent and the laws stopped turning. A huge palm had reduced these two undyings to dust. Even though they regenerated back, they were heavily injured.

“The primal chaos city leader’s palm? Yes, that feeling.” Luo Feng nodded. “However, this one doesn’t seem as terrifying as the city leader’s.”

When the city leader made his move, it seemed as though everything within the universe space was subdued and controlled.

And this blurry image…Luo Feng only felt a bit of it.

“Flight and tail wave!”

“Exciting, this is so exciting.” Luo Feng didn’t think more of it, grabbing the chance to use his time to study and comprehend it. The more he did, the more thrilling it got.

Those two movements made Luo Feng’s comprehension of the Tearing Sky and land improve by leaps and bounds. This was a close combat violent technique, of which Tearing sky referred to claw attacks while tearing land referred to using its tail, naturally this was the most simple explanation.

However, looking at the ancient picture had caused Luo Feng to be filled with a confidence in training Tearing sky and land.

“That’s it, the golden horned beast’s battle technique will be tearing sky and land.” Luo Feng made the decision. His eyes gleaming, looking at the distant endless aura, anticipating, “Who knows if I’ll get to see another picture!”

At this time.

Even though Luo Feng was training within his quarters, the Mosha body had become a rock by the entrance of the cave, carefully examining the aura movement outside.

……

1 day, 2 days…1 month, 2 months…1 year…

After staying there for 2 months, the Mosha body had discovered a total of 3 pictures including the 1st. From long periods of staying there, he would occasionally see these 3 repeat, not ever seeing another new one.

Among these three pictures, the 1st one was where only that huge palm descending from above, the beast waved its tail and flew while dispersing the palm.

The 2nd one was where the beast lowered its head, its gold horn aimed ahead, piercing forward as it flew, a simple charge scene.

The 3rd one was about the beast that violently waved its claws, slashing forward.


Chapter 516: Two Years

“Haha. I’ve succeeded, I’ve succeeded.”

Virtual universe, Absolute beginning villa 1136. Luo Feng was in his own training grounds, as he was studying, using the floating blood and time space scribbles to work on the 9 universe tablet Drizzle picture. He was finally able to comprehend the 12th wonder.

The 1st to 9th, belonged to the most superficial, he had comprehended them back in primal chaos city.

As for the 10th and 11th, he had made some progress after studying the time space scribbles, along with some accumulated knowledge from what he saw in primal chaos city, it finally came to fruition. And then, he had been stumped for quite awhile by the 12th wonder. After two years of training in this ancient huge pit, he finally comprehended it.

“It really is difficult. My consciousness’s calculation speed is comparable to a basic quantum computer, and my comprehension ability is high too. Yet, it actually took me this long to comprehend the 12th wonder.” Luo Feng sighed. “There are the 1st 9, the middle 27 and the final 72. From the middle 27, I’ve only comprehended 3 so far. When will I finish everything?”

He muttered, within however he was gleeful.

To dissect and study the essence of the universe space laws, would it be that easy? Only those with exceptional comprehension, temperament and talent could do it. Even the genius Lian Luo only comprehended it after 3000 years in primal chaos city. Of course, the main usage of time was on the final and hardest 72.

“Hm!”

“Two years, I’ve been in this ancient pit training for two years, and my earth body has been evolving from the absorption of the killing aura everyday. Compared to before, my improvement should be quite huge. Three months ago I still failed at the absorption of the 2nd crystal, now that it’s been three months…I may succeed!” Feeling especially good, Luo Feng decided…

Today, he would try and absorb the blood river crystal again!

Shua!

His consciousness vanished and returned to reality.

Blood river continent, within a huge pit of the ancient god ruins.

Within the Huge pit quarters.

The Mosha clansman was sitting crossed legged, his earth body was in the internal world, as he couldn’t control his body during the absorption, it was best to do it in the internal world.

……

Internal world.

Luo Feng only had on his underpants, as he was lying at the bottom of a tall metal mountain, holding the blood river crystal in his right hand.

“Chi!” He used his right finger to slash his left palm, creating a wound, fresh blood flowed out.

“Begin!”

Luo Feng once again placed the crystal on the wound. This was already the 5th time he was trying to absorb the 2nd crystal. He had failed the previous 4 times. Following that mad killing intent that rushed in and attacked his soul, the familiar feeling once again settled in, his body’s every bone and cell all began to swiftly change.

“I have to bear with it!”

“I definitely have to bear with it, don’t collapse.” Luo Feng anticipated within. Even though the terrifying pain reached to the depths of his soul, he could bear with all these.

The blood red threads from the crystal continued to flow into Luo Feng’s body. Gradually, the crystal grew more and more transparent.

Luo Feng’s weird body changes gradually grew more intense too.

“Chi!”

The entire crystal including the already transparent crystal body became a peculiar energy and rushed straight into Luo Feng’s body. Suddenly, the originally simple blood red engraving on his chest had more marks added onto it, the entire engraving now wasn’t as simple as before.

Hu!

His entire body returned back to normal as the blood red engraving vanished and that mysterious energy permeated into his body’s every cell.

Sou! Luo Feng swiftly got up.

“I’ve succeeded, really succeeded.” Luo Feng’s eyes had a sense of mad glee. In the previous four attempts, every single time, it was incredibly painful. But the pain wasn’t the problem, the main problem was that he had failed every time. He didn’t expect that he would be able to succeed today.

“The feeling of absorbing two crystals.”

With a thought, Luo Feng triggered the mysterious energy deep within his body. Immediately the blood red engraving appeared on his chest, Luo Feng revealed a look of glee. “Feels different, obviously different. My feeling for the 9 great origin laws of the universe are much clearer now too.”

Hu!

His hand became a blade and he began to unleash the illusionary 7 blades. When he did this, he was even more pleasantly surprised.

“Melding with the universe energies, it’s caused the power to rise up quite a bit.” Luo Feng was surprised within. “Absorbing the 1st crystal raised my power by 20 30%. Right now it has been raised by another 20 30%. Which means…because of the two crystals, at the same level of comprehension, my power has been raised by 50%!”

In a life or death battle, with 50% more power, he would be able to completely determined his own fate. Also, as one grew closer to his limit, the harder it was to increase.

The golden horned beast’s natural ability to strengthen, could only at most double the power, and it was already godly.

The training for Deities of the world was extremely harsh only because the effects were godly.

“Let me try and see if I can absorb the 3rd crystal.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Even though his hopes weren’t up, he wanted to try.

As he tried to absorb the 3rd crystal, that killing intent from the crystal combined with the two years worth of killing intent stored in his body, formed a terrifying killing aura that attacked him. However, just from his willpower alone, Luo Feng could still take it! He was accustomed to it, as he had been living in a dense killing aura area for two years.

Always bearing with the effects of the killing intent, Luo feng’s mental state was more sturdy and trained now.

The willpower attacks were easily blocked by Luo Feng. The 3rd crystal then began to extend its red threads into the wound, and started flowing into Luo Feng.

“Peng!” “Peng!” “Peng!”

12 different spots around Luo Feng’s body exploded simultaneously, almost like a bamboo that had long reached its limit. Any extra pressure caused it to instantly tear open. One theory was that after absorbing the 2nd crystal, Luo Feng had already reached a limit, and now that he was trying the 3rd, his body couldn’t take it anymore.

One had to know that the further it went, the harsher the requirements on the body would be. In fact, the harshness was 10 times more each time!

“Damn!” Looking at the recovered crystal in his palm, Luo Feng could only helplessly swiftly recover his body.

“It’s ok. I’m already very satisfied with absorbing the 2nd crystal. After I work hard in this place, I can absorb the crystals and train my willpower, I definitely have to stay on.” Luo Feng smiled. Normal dangerous level missions only gave 10k to 20k points, completing a few dangerous level missions would only gather so much.

As long as he became a blood warrior and acquire the blood river medal, he would receive 100k points.

What’s more, absorbing three crystals was good for his body too.

Absolute beginning region.

Wuka’s villa. Normally, Luo Feng, Wuka and Rong Jun would all meet here at wuka’s quarters.

“Wa, Luo Feng, you training madman. The moment I called you today you came. That’s shocking.” Wuka lay satisfied on his sofa, leg on the table before him.

“If the things a madman does don’t surprise you, then he wouldn’t be a madman anymore.” Luo Feng laughed and lied down on the sofa too. “Wuka, bring out your best wine. I rarely come, and since I am here, you have to show the demeanor of an owner.”

“The wine in the virtual universe still cost money!” Wuka stood up helplessly.

As the virtual universe was a business just like reality, hence the food and beverage dependant Ping Hai company could earn so much.

Beside, Rong Jun laughed too. “Money? Wuka, our great Manka prince, what is this little money to our dear majesty, does it even mean anything?”

“Damn, you two punks. Back then, one of you were a madman and another a savage. Only I was an innocent youth…who would’ve thought it’d take me so long to see through you two, that you are both vicious and cunning.” Wuka said. He took out a bright jade bottle that was placed beside him, and within it was a transparent glowing liquid that made one completely tremble at the flavor.

“Hehe.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Wa, Wuka is definitely a brother.” Rong Jun laughed too.

“Hmph, this is God Drunk, even though it’s within the virtual universe, when you drink it it’s completely similar to drinking in reality. However the God Drunk in reality, just 1 bottle costs 8000 mixed elements. And here, I only spent 8 mixed elements.” Wuka was obviously proud as he said this.

Luo Feng shouted, “To buy one life fruit two mixed elements is enough. This wine sure is so luxurious, stop showing off.”

“Hurry and bring it, I’m already drooling.” Rong Jun stood up to try and snatch it.

“Don’t rush, I’m coming.” Wuka sat down and poured for the wine for three of them.

Even though it was called God Drunk, it didn’t knock one out completely, but produced an incredibly feeling within one’s consciousness, one that worked completely on the spirit.

“Good wine.” Luo Feng closed his eyes.

“Nice.” Rong Jun opened his eyes after tasting and snatched the bottle. “I’ll pour.”

“When you get one in real life, be a little luxurious.” Wuka muttered.

“You Majesty is vicious.” Luo Feng laughed.

“We have no money.” Rong Jun said.

Wuka looked at Rong Jun, “Rong Jun, it’s been two years. You’ve done so many missions. Just from these missions alone, you should have tens of thousands of points! Tens of thousands…exchanging for a real God Drunk in reality shouldn’t be a problem. If you are willing, even the undyings would be willing to exchange with you.”

“Right, Luo Feng.” Wuka looked at him. “Are you still stuck in that mission? I don’t mean to nag, but wasting time is wasting strength. who isn’t grasping their time now and training hard. If you cannot complete it, just give up and take another mission.”

“How can he give up? Every 100 years, you can only take 10 such missions. Hence, you cannot give up any one of them.” Rong Jun emphasized.

“Every 100 years, you can only take 10 such missions?” Luo Feng looked at Rong Jun, “Where’d you get that from?”

“Hm, I just received my 5th mission and got the notice, telling me that every 100 years, we can only take 10 missions. It is to prevent the core members from trying too hard to get points and wasting time on the missions. Afterall, training and missions, along with studying and comprehension are all very important.” Rong Jun explained.

Luo Feng nodded.

“No matter. Madman, being stuck in 1 mission isn’t good.” Wuka said.

“Hm, Wuka is right.” Rong Jun nodded.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh. “You two punks. What, you think I’m wasting my time there? And my strength isn’t improving enough. Haha…today I’ll go attempt the heavenly bridge and let you see.”

“Heavenly bridge?” Rong Jun and Wuka were both shocked as they looked at him. “6th level?”


Chapter 517: Passing the Heavenly Bridge 6th level

Virtual universe, Heavenly bridge.

In the center of the beautiful island, the watchman Bevin was going through his list. Suddenly he spotted three silhouettes appearing simultaneously on the island.

“Luo Feng, Rong Jun and Wuka. The three of you have all come together? Hmm the 9 universe bridge is empty, however, Rong Jun and Wuka, you are both from the Huge axe sect. Only one can attempt at a time, you can pick who goes first.” Watchman Bevin smiled as he looked at these three.

Rong Jun and Wuka both shook their heads.

“Not us, we aren’t attempting the bridge. It’s Luo Feng, this madman” Wuka said.

“Right, it’s Luo Feng. He’s attempting the 6th level.” Rong Jun smiled. “Lord Bevin, there shouldn’t be any problem with us watching the live broadcast right?”

“What do you say Luo Feng?” Watchman Bevin looked at Luo Feng.

“Sure!” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

Rong Jun and Wuka were the two in the same batch of geniuses that he was closest to. Hence, allowing them to watch the broadcast was nothing.

“Rong Jun and Wuka, you two watch.” Luo Feng smiled and became a blur, flying towards the 9 universe bridge.

9 universe bridge level 6.

Amidst the howling winds, Luo Feng stood on the bridge, squinting his eyes to see through the tornado ahead as best he could.

“Choose your opponent, fighter, controller, or hypnotist. Pick any one, defeat him and you can proceed to the 7th level.” The tornado’s voice resounded.

“Controller.” Luo Feng said without hesitation.

A silhouette immediately flew out of the tornado. It was the same silver armored man, stepping on a dark cloud shuttle and carrying a dark golden long rod on his back. He was staring coldly at Luo Feng through his mask, “Only universe level 9 and you wish to attempt the heavenly bridge level 6? You were defeated in one move previously, yet you seem quite confident considering the short amount of time passed.”

“Of course!” Luo Feng nodded.

Shua!

The dark golden long rod behind him immediately became like a sun. Large amounts of gold light shot out, covering the skies and land. Close to 3000 little golden blades immediately formed 36 golden blades that were 1 chi long in mid air These 36 blades floated before Luo Feng, immediately transforming and combining into 1!

Countless gold threads inter weaved to form a perfect combination.

An ancient looking dark golden long blade floated before Luo Feng. Nan Shen Armament’s 5 level…Space Slicer!

In truth, the reason behind his inability to unleash this 5th level earlier even though he had comprehended the 10th and 11th wonder was mainly due to his gold origin law comprehension lagging behind. And within these two years, the golden horned beast had been studying the battle technique Tear Skies and Land. Also, with the combination of the three ancient pictures, its improvement speed was shocking. Hence, there was already no difficulty in unleashing the 5th level!

“Very good, you can unleash the 5th level too? However, similar 5th levels will have different amounts of power.” The silver armored man laughed loudly. Immediately, the dark golden long rod behind him too shot out large amounts of gold light, swiftly forming into 1 dark golden long blade beside him.

The two of them faced off! Staring at each other!

“Absolute domain! Space slicer!” Luo Feng’s gaze was cold, simultaneously unleashing his strongest combo!

“Go!” The silver armored man pointed at Luo Feng.

Xiu!

Xiu!

Two dark golden beams of light tore through the space and pierced at each other. The silver armored man’s dark golden light was shockingly fast. Even now…in terms of speed, Luo Feng’s dark golden long blade was a little slower. Not just speed, it’s flight was extremely unpredictable as well.

Even though Nan Shen armament’s 5th level Space Slicer’s speed and power were extremely high, the silver armored man’s space slicer was the most perfect and orthodox way of unleashing it with extremely high power!

The silver armored man’s version was the orthodox method. However, Luo Feng’s way however was obviously special in a different way.

His dark golden long blade was infused with 12 of the wonders, triggering the pressure of the universe space around. Simultaneously, his study of the ancient pictures these two years, the gold origin law comprehension from studying Tearing Sky and Land, all these were melded into his blade, causing it to be filled with immense power!

One was speed and power!

One was space pressure and power!

“Chi! Chi! Chi! …” When the two blades were shot out and clashed, the silver armored man’s blade obviously fell in speed, almost as though it was affected by a formless pressure. Luo Feng’s blade however seemed to be assisted by the universe space itself and pierced forward.

Peng!

The dark golden long blade became a beam of light and as they clashed, pierced right through the enemy’s head!

The 6th level!

Success!

“Rigid, not flexible.” Luo Feng smiled, “These two years. I’ve been studying the time space scribbles to comprehend the 9 universe tablet’s drizzle picture. My comprehension can be considered at 80 points now. Your technique…should be considered completely reaching 100 points on the drizzle picture, hence the difference in power.”

“It’s a pity though, you still lost to me”

“Since primal chaos city, I’ve understood the raindrop picture and the drizzle picture to an incomparable perfection. Only because I was studying the essence and with that knowledge as the roots, connected with the universe space, that’s the true path! From using space, affecting space, this is the improvement from the essence.” Luo Feng smiled, flying straight ahead to the 7th level!

……

At the bridge, center of the island.

Rong Jun and Wuka were both shocked by the scene that they just saw

“He succeeded?” Rong Jun’s eyes were filled with shock.

“How, how can that be?” Wuka couldn’t believe it either. “It’s, it’s only been two years! And it’s two years outside, the training speed outside cannot compare to that in primal chaos city.”

In theory.

Attempting the higher levels of the heavenly bridge required more time as it got higher! And the comprehension speed outside shouldn’t compare to that in primal chaos city, they estimated that after 10 years outside, Luo Feng would only then be able to pass the 6th level. This made more sense in their minds.

Pity, only the illogical are truly geniuses! That’s the true madman!

Time space scribbles, Tear Sky and Land and the three ancient pictures. Along with Luo Feng’s later comprehension of the 9 universe tablet, they all resulted in his breakthrough in two short years!

Attempting the 7th level.

“Space!” Luo Feng flew to the 7th level. It was very mysterious, as before him no longer stood a tornado, but an endless space.

The 7th level of the heavenly bridge was actually the scene of space.

Luo Feng finally reached the end of the 7th level. There floated a little meteorite that had a diameter of a few km, a voice resounded from it. “Pick your opponent, fighter, controller, hypnotist, pick one and you can attempt the 7th level.”

“Controller.” Luo Feng shouted, filled with anticipation within.

This 7th level opponent, just what attack would he unleash.

Would it still be the same dark golden long blade? Or even higher?

……

The meteorite before him suddenly broke off a small piece of rock. That piece rolled on the bridge and transformed into a blue armored mask wearing controller on a dark cloud shuttle and dark golden long rod on his back.

“Universe level 9 youth, to be able to reach this stage, congratulations. I hope you can pass this level.” The blue armored man was obviously much older.

“Hm.” Luo Feng didn’t hesitate, immediately forming the dark golden long blade that floated beside him.

“Not bad.” The blue armored man walked down from the dark cloud shuttle onto the bridge. Simultaneously, the dark golden long rod on his back immediately shot out seemingly endless amount of gold light. The entire sky changed color, the surround bridge, space, everything vanished, all that could be seen was the countless blade energy circling around him.

Luo Feng’s expression changed, “This is Blade world?”

Nan Shen Armament 6th level, Blade world!

According to the Nan Shen armament’s power each level, jumping from level 5 to 6 was extremely difficult. It could be said, that from the 5th to 6th level, and the 8th to 9th level, these were the hardest levels to breakthrough altogether. Actually, just from the number of little golden blades used it be seen.

The 5th level’s Space slicer used 2,916 little golden blades.

The 6th level Blade world, used 5,832 little golden blades. This was twice as much as the 5th.

One had to know, there were only a total of 10,081 little golden blades in the dark golden long rod, the later increases weren’t as huge as this one.

Similarly…

The blade world’s might was incredibly powerful!

World, why world?

Only sector lords could control a world, form a world and use that strength! However…the blade world move uses the strength of the origin laws, allowing one to use the strength of a world. However, the world strength of the blade world was slightly weaker than the true strength of a world. Still, it was terrifying.

The 6th level, after completely comprehending it, any domain lord that could use the 6th level could almost be invincible in his level in the universe.

“You better go train more.” The blue armored man smiled.

Shua!

The entire world pressured down, far exceeding the amount of space pressure Luo Feng could affect, in an instant crushing down and piercing Luo Feng’s head.

Luo Feng, failure!

……

“Total defeat, it was too strong. The moment that move was unleashed, it completely controlled that side of the world.” Luo Feng sighed. “When will I be able to unleash the 6th level.”

Luo feng was very clear.

That from the 5th to 6th level, that was the Nan Shen Armament’s most extreme evolution of all 9 levels. It didn’t seem at all easier than the breaking through to the last level.

Rong Jun wasn’t the sort to spread news. However, Wuka was the type who couldn’t hold it in, the news quickly spread.

……

Primal region.

Bolan was in a white robe, flying in the air of the primal region. Suddenly a sturdy silhouette shot over.

“Bolan.”

“Hm?” Bolan turned to look, it was Long Yun.

Bolan looked silently at Long Yun waiting for him to speak.

“Do you know? Luo Feng had just passed the heavenly bridge’s 6th level today!” Long Yun said.

The initially calm and collected Bolan suddenly had a change in his expression. His eyes focused and he said softly, “I got it.” After which he flew towards his living quarters.

……

After a while, in the center of the heavenly bridge island.

A white robed Bolan suddenly appeared.

“Bolan?” Watchman Bevin smiled and looked at him. “You really came.”

“I’m attempting the 7th level!” Bolan’s eyes gleamed with cold light.

“The breakthroughs are every three levels. From level 1 to 3, 4 to 6, 7 to 9. This level 7…is much harder than level 6.” Watchman Bevin looked at Bolan. “It’s only been two years since you passed level 6 and you wish to attempt the 7th level?”

“I want to try.” Bolan emphasized.

“Alright, go on, there’s no one in the Universe heavenly bridge.” Watchman Bevin smiled.

Shua!

The white robed Bolan flew straight at the Universe Heavenly Bridge.


Chapter 518: Luo Feng and Bolan

Universe heavenly bridge 7th level.

The blue armored man carried a blood colored blade. Wearing a mask, he coldly gazed at the white clothed youth. “Young man, the Universe primal chaos tablet is the most profound and hardest to study of the 52 tablets. Studying both space and time and going through these tests, your achievements in space can even reach the 9th level! However, in time itself, you only have the skills of level 3 or 4. Let me advise you, go back and study more, raise your comprehension of time more before coming back!”

The white clothed youth was expressionless, his gaze cold.

Hua!

He brandished the blood blade from behind.

“Hm.” The blue armored man shook his head.

Weng!

The region about became a blur, as space and time were simultaneously affected. The white clothed youth continued to instantly produce over 10,000 images. However, his head was still pierced!

7th level, failure!

……

In the center of the island, the only one watching this scene was watchman Bevin. He shook his head and sighed, “Too proud, this Bolan is too proud! I estimate that he had been leading far ahead since he was young, stronger than everyone. Hence, he has an absolute heart of pride. With his comprehension of the space laws… back then during the genius battles, his space comprehension alone far exceeded many sector lords. Even comparable to a few undyings!”

“Such high comprehension of space laws!”

“With such talent, theoretically speaking, the best way is to focus on space itself and put all his attention and time and resources into the space origin laws. This way, he can get stronger than before! Amplifying his strengths! That way, he would still have a chance of becoming a space knight.”

“A pity!”

“He’s too proud!”

“Hence before the genius battles, he began to study the wind laws and use it as a stepping stone to studying time.”

“The most important choice in primal chaos city is the choosing which of the 52 tablets to train in. Theoretically speaking, our Virtual Universe Company has always respected the choices of the geniuses. However, back then…we made an exception and discussed with him, advising him to spend his time and energy on space. Choosing a tablet that focused only on space. Like Luo Feng’s choice, the 9 universe tablet was very suitable for Bolan, however…”

“He’s too proud.”

“Absolute confidence, he didn’t even listen. Still choosing the hardest universe tablet.” Watchman Bevin simply sighed.

How many people have regretted their choice.

Such terrifying level of talent?

After primal chaos city’s training, Luo Feng’s earth body could at most unleash a 100 images! However Bolan, from the genius battle period, he could already unleash 1,000 images! If he studied the 9 universe tablet, he would have completely comprehended the raindrop and drizzle picture in a short amount of time, going on to study the downpour picture.

In terms of space talent, he was far more terrifying than Lian Luo.

Pity.

The more talented one was, the more proud he would be too.

“He’s rushing, his pride…is making him rush. He’s finally been caught up by someone of the same generation.” Watchman Bevin watched the distant universe heavenly bridge from the distant space. Speaking softly, “He’s probably never ever tasted such a feeling before in his life. At the last period in primal chaos city when Luo Feng passed the 5th level, he rushed to attempt the 6th. Luckily he succeeded. He managed to keep his pride.”

“However now, in two short years, Luo Feng passed the 6th. And he rushed once again, without even any guarantee to attempt the 7th! Pity…”

“He wasn’t as lucky this time. He failed!”

“The 7th level compared to the 6th, is simply too much harder. He was defeated in one move.”

“Failure!”

“He’s finally been caught up. This…may be a good thing for him.” Watchman Bevin said softly. “It’s up to him whether he falls into depression! Or reflects on himself because of Luo Feng!”

Yu Xiang mountain was as peaceful as ever. Wuka, Rong Jun and Luo Feng didn’t even know of Bolan’s attempted failure of the 7th level.

While Bolan had received the huge setback and was bearing with it, Luo Feng’s mood was extremely good.

“Absorbing the 2nd crystal was successful, I’ve comprehended the 12th wonder and now I’ve passed the 6th level. Luck is on my side.” Luo feng had just had a huge party and eaten a huge feast with his parents, wife and children in the Black Dragon Mountain 9 star bay.

After which, he laughed as he arrived at the Fantasy ocean.

……

Fantasy ocean, Luo Feng stood by the ocean.

Heart like a mirror, even if dust landed on the mirror, he would still see clearly. His boundaries and his perspective were all clear before him.

As all was clear and untarnished.

When it was time to laugh he would laugh, time to rage he would rage, time to kill, there wouldn’t be any hesitation.

Heart like a blade, this made Luo Feng’s actions all deliberate and to the point, there weren’t any hesitation or procrastination.

“I’ve been in the huge pit for two years, absorbing the invasion of the stronger and stronger killing aura. My willpower, in training under such conditions is getting more and more sturdy. My consciousness control is also getting stronger. I shall try…the 10th island of the fantasy ocean, let’s see what happens.” Luo Feng smiled, rushing into the sky and swiftly plunging deep into the ocean.

Fantasy ocean, it was currently where Luo Feng had acquired the most points.

Before, he had consecutively passed 9 levels, making him acquire a huge amount of points…51,100 points! Of which just the 9th level alone was 25,600 points, the 10th was 51,200.

As for the points from the heavenly bridge were pitiful, passing the 6th level was only 3,200 points! Afterall, he already didn’t have the 10 times reward from primal chaos city. The moment one missed that, it was gone. This was also why…Luo Feng was approached by others during the classes to exchange for points.

Fantasy ocean, heavenly bridge, these were all hard to pass.

Only thing was Luo Feng’s consciousness was powerful (Golden horned beast’s consciousness), his willpower was even more terrifying (Personal training from his two brothers and natural talent), hence he could have such achievements in the fantasy ocean.

……

Fantasy ocean island 10.

Sou!

Luo Feng descended and landed on a peak of a 100m mountain on the island.

“It’s come?” Luo Feng focused and looked up at the sky.

Finally that vast illusion followed with the terrifying pressure descended. This endless pressure was almost like a land and sky covering mountain smashing down. However, Luo Feng’s willpower caused his consciousness to focus and condense, constantly condensing into an iron rock, his consciousness and willpower was one, one state of mind.

Rumble!

The pressure of the mountain crashed down, clashing against that incredibly sturdy mental state, it held strong for a brief moment before finally crumbling and completely dispersing.

“The pressure of the 10th island is simply too strong!” I’ve had quite an improvement over these two years. However, this little improvement…against the pressure of the 10th island, it still crumbles into nothing, I have to work harder! This 10th island has over 50k points, it wouldn’t be so easy to acquire it.” Luo Feng didn’t seem affected by the failure at all.

Because…

He wasn’t like Bolan, Bolan had always been number one.

Luo Feng however had never been number one before. On earth, he wasn’t number one amongst the students. After becoming a warrior, the most outstanding at that time was Hong and Thunder God. Even after entering the elite training…he still wasn’t number one. And whether it was the elimination, universe country matches and the final pinnacle fights, Luo Feng was never number one.

As he was never number one, failure to him was a chance to reflect on why he failed. It was a chance to learn and improve.

……

One of them had always been number one, the universe genius competition’s most outstanding genius.

While the other one had never been number one. Even Babata, who knew him well thought it would be hard for him to make it into the top 1,000 of the universe.

Now, he was neck and neck.

Blood river continent, the most mysterious and vast region, the ancient god ruins

Huge pit quarters.

“It’s been over two years since I begun training in this huge pit. My mind had been on training mode since then. When I first came, I was prepared to go deep into the huge pit to explore. However I haven’t done so these two years.” Luo Feng stood at the side of the pathway, gazing into the endless aura before him and surveying the endless depths below.

This was a terrifyingly huge pit.

If, just the outer layer had a diameter of close to 10k km, what about the depths? He didn’t even know.

“I’ll take a good look at what’s there.” Luo Feng’s thoughts moved and the normal black rock at the side of the cave immediately vanished into his internal world. This rock was actually the Mosha clan transformed.

The Mosha clansman, could transform into anything. It’s natural talent allowed his energy to morph into anything.

“Let’s go down!”

Luo Feng jumped and followed the terrifying gravity down, descending further and further.

……

These endless depths had a diameter that reached 10,000km, what about the depths then?

It’s already 5,000km.”

The mad winds howled in his ears as he continued to descend. He was shocked within, “I’ve already descended 5,000km, I still haven’t seen the bottom of the pit? The thickness of the aura is still the same.”

Hu! Hu!

The shocking speed of which Luo Feng descended at caused great resistance. The gravity and his resistance finally equaled and he descended at a stable speed.

“Ah, it’s changed? The thickness of the aura has changed?” Luo Feng was shocked as he descended. “This is about 9,000km in depth!”

“Kill! Kill kill!!!” The endless killing intent rushed into his consciousness. That powerful rush was twice what it was before. Not just the killing willpower, even the strength of the thickness was about twice.

Hu!

Luo Feng continued to descend.

“This huge pit, just how deep is it?” Luo Feng continued to descend right into the depths.

“The thickness of the aura is slowly increasing.” The more he descended, the more he felt the thickness increase. “Right now the thickness of the aura has already reached about three times of my huge pit quarters.”

He had already descended close to 15,000km.

“Not right! “Luo Feng’s expression changed.

Shua!

His entire being in the endless depths suddenly stopped from his terrifying speed before. His expression was heavy. Frowning heavily, “It’s weaker, the thickness of the aura…is weaker?”

Since starting his descent, from about 9,000km down it was two times stronger than before, and it increased more and more until it was 3 times, that was the peak. When he descended further, the aura started getting weaker.

“Hm?”

“The region with the strongest aura is actually the center of the pit, and not the bottom?” Luo Feng was curious, following which he flew upwards to look for the region with the thickest aura.


Chapter 519: The Existence at the Bottom of the Pit

“Right here!” Luo Feng floated in mid air, feeling the thickness of aura about. “Any higher and the aura would decrease. Any lower and the thickness would diminish too.”

In front of Luo Feng, the red killing aura floated about.

The depth that he was in was where the aura was thickest. However, the entire area was simply too vast, he was simply at the side of the mountain wall.

“I’m at the edge of the thickest area, what would the center of it be like?” Luo Feng carefully headed towards the center of the endless amount of killing aura. He travelled at 100km per second and got closer towards the center. “The thickness is rising, it’s actually getting thicker here!”

3.5 times…4 times…4.5 times…5 times…6 times…

As he got closer to the center, the thickness grew even more shockingly. The killing willpower that invaded his consciousness was terrifying, almost like countless slaughter demons cheering within. The demon’s voices were either forceful and strong or formless in their invasion, continuously messing with Luo Feng’s willpower.

“It’s too strong.” Luo Feng stopped at the 7 times region. His face was slightly pale, squinting, his gaze like a blade, sweat beading from his forehead.

“This killing aura is simply, simply too… terrifying.”

The endless killing aura filled one’s entire consciousness.

Compared to Luo Feng’s willpower however, this willpower was much weaker, however it was solid and trained.

“Even though these killing auras are scattered and not organized, with countless amounts gathered together, it’s still very strong. I can take it, however I have to be extremely cautious with it.” Luo feng’s expression was serious. During his stay at the huge pit quarters, he would receive killing aura invasions unexpectedly. However, the level of attack back then wasn’t much, as he could completely focus on studying his origin laws.

However now!

At 7 times the thickness, he had to focus strongly on defending against the invasion of the killing aura.

“I’ll go to my maximum and see where I can reach.” Luo Feng gradually continued to fly.

He slowed down his speed, however the thickness rose even quicker. The closer he got to the center, the more shockingly it rose.

8 times!

“Hm?” Luo Feng suddenly stopped in mid air.

Hu Hu hu…

The aura before him was already as red as fresh blood. With what he could see with his naked eyes, the aura was like a whirlpool, swirling ahead.

“Whirlpool core!” Luo Feng could see with a gaze 10km ahead. The aura within the whirlpool core was extremely thick and terrifying like a red sun! Simultaneously the whirlpool emitted an ancient energy, with a formless enticement that permeated his soul.

“Come on!”

“Come on!”

“Come here!” That formless seduction entered Luo Feng’s consciousness.

“Get out!!!” Luo Feng’s consciousness let out a roar that shook his entire mind. Immediately that enticement that invaded his mind was smashed, crumbling into dust. “You actually dare to invade my mind!”

Luo Feng’s gaze was piercing, staring at the whirlpool core.

“I cannot go closer.”

“If I go any closer, I’m afraid that I won’t be able to resist.” Luo Feng’s expression was serious. Even though he had detected the enticement in an instant, he had to admit that the allure of the whirlpool core was even more terrifying than the illusion of the Fantasy Ocean level 9. And that mad killing aura was close to his limit of bearing too!

7 times the thickness, he already felt a huge pressure.

8 times the aura, that was indeed close to his limit.

In terms of willpower.

Luo Feng’s was a pure and genuine willpower, and the enemy was endless killing intent will power! Now that it was close to his limit, Luo Feng could indeed push it, just a little deeper.

However, he didn’t dare take the risk!

The moment he failed, after successfully being invaded by the killing aura, he would become a bloodthirsty madman. A true madman without logic or reason. That was akin to death!

About 10km away from the whirlpool core, Luo Feng chose to retreat.

“From the looks of it, my willpower now still isn’t strong enough.” Luo Feng looked at the blood like whirlpool before him. “If 1st and 2nd brother were here, they should be able to go closer!”

“Right!”

“Whirlpool?”

“The whirlpool core is the deepest. The further I go the thinner it gets, the outermost spiral arm of the whirlpool, has a depth of 9,000km.” Luo Feng simulated the huge whirlpool in his mind. An aura of the whirlpool with a diameter of 1,000km, from which the 9,000km depth was the outermost region of the whirlpool.

Hence that area was two times the huge pit quarters.

Any further and the thickness would fall another time.

“This deep part has the thickest aura. So it’s actually a whirlpool core. Who knows, what’s within that red sun like core.” Luo Feng recalled the killing aura and formless enticement that invaded his mind. Feeling a tremble within, “I cannot go deeper! At least not yet!”

Sou!

Luo feng flew to the mountain wall close by, sticking to it and falling 100m downwards straight to the bottom.

“I want to see just how deep this huge pit is and see what’s at the bottom.” Luo Feng continued to descend.

15k km, 20k km.

The depth of the huge pit obviously exceeded its width, and there was hardly any difference of thickness in aura at the bottom from the huge pit quarters.

……

In the depths of the pit, there were protruding platforms at the sides of the mountains. On one of them, a bronze armored tall silhouette sat crossed legged. Suddenly he opened his eyes and gazed into the distance, simultaneously a thread of genetic energy permeated to the bottom. “Lord, someone’s here, pinnacle cloud level, how do we deal with him?”

……

Bottom of the huge pit.

The killing aura floated about. There, one can see wildgrass and plants growing about, and a blood red palace was erected at the bottom.

“Leave it to me!” A voice rumbled, swiftly reaching the bronze armored warrior’s ears.

2nd level of the palace.

There were many cells there. Within each of them were all kinds of strange mad howls, and occasionally, clashing of metals could be heard. These cells…every one of them were about 10m high, 10m long and wide. It was almost like a sealed up square coffin. At this time, one of them began to move on its own. Within this cell…stood a 3m tall, bent bodied strong warrior, and on his back he carried 2 huge machetes.

However, his hair was messy and his eyes were blood red without any reason or intelligence in them.

“Aooooo, kill!” He let out a low howl, like a wild beast.

“Go, go kill the person who disturbs the aster’s training!” A voice resounded.

Sou!

The wild beast warrior became a beam of light and swiftly rushed out.

Luo Feng gently landed, as his boots hit the bottom

“Moss vegetation?” Luo Feng looked at the ground. Surveying his surroundings, he found the bottom was dead silent. Occasionally he would see the random stones about, obviously these had fallen from the mountains above.

“Is there no life at this bottom?”

Luo Feng began to scout about with curiosity, of course he was still cautious.

Every step he took he passed 10km, to scout about in this vast bottom area. Some places were uneven like canyons, while others were like mountains. In terms of surface…the surface of this bottom was closer to earth’s surface. Many 1,000m tall little mountains and canyons that went up to 10,000m could be seen everywhere.

“Looks like there’s nothing special here.”

“Just dead and empty.” Luo Feng turned to leave. Suddenly, with in his ears, he felt an energy swiftly approaching, instantly that energy became very clear.

“Hm?”

He turned fiercely, staring into the distance. “What a mad aura, he’s not trying to hide it at all. I’ve felt him at least 1,000km away. From his energy…he shouldn’t be too strong, cloud level 9? Or domain level 1 or 2?” Luo Feng placed his hand on his scabbard on his back, simultaneously feeling the energy swiftly approaching.

“Howl…” A silhouette swiftly appeared.

A bent messy haired wild beast like warrior appeared. His blood red eyes filled with madness and killing intent, as he brandished two machetes in his hands.

“He’s fallen.” Luo Feng swiftly deduced. “Under this killing aura environment he was invaded by the aura and finally lost to it, letting it take over his consciousness. He has gone completely mad, and his entire being only knows of killing”

“Kill, kill!” The demon wild person roared out with madness, simultaneously rushing at Luo Feng.

“Since you’ve fallen, poor person, I’ll do you a favor and send you off.” Luo Feng swiftly brandished his blood shadow blade!

Qiang!

As the blade left the scabbard, Luo Feng’s entire being became a mirage. As that wild person’s machete slashed at his image, rumble, .large amounts of lightning split apart and a 1,000m deep canyon was sliced open. That image simply vanished into nothing.

“Kill!” That mad person immediately turned and waved his machete!

“Dang!”

It clashed with Luo feng’s blood shadow blade, causing Luo Feng to become a silver light and disappearing into the red killing aura.

“What a keen and nibble fellow, and his blade work had the feeling of the ground origin laws. The moment I get close, he can easily defend. This mad demon…before he fell, he should have been quite powerful.” After slightly retreating, Luo Feng became an image and vanished.

That wild demon however roared and madly rushed over again.

“Kill!”

Kill!”

Just the air pressure from the two huge machetes alone caused countless amounts of rubble to fall from the surrounding mountains. His blood red eyes swept the surroundings, simultaneously he unleashed a formless spirit energy to look for Luo Feng.

An incredibly beautiful flash of a blade!

So beautiful it made one’s heart tremble!

Even the space around at this time seemed to stop. This flash was silver in color, and when the flash finally ended, in that instant it even had hints of gold.

Chi!

The flash sliced right through the demon’s neck, and the sharp flash extended to pierce into his body, immediately right into his life core, causing it to explode.

“Kill, kill kill…” The demon person’s head fell on the floor. His mouth was slightly moving, still mindlessly muttering the words kill, even as his neck spurting out blood and crumbled on the floor.

Shua!

Luo Feng gathered himself and stood there. With a solemn expression, he looked at the corpse on the floor.


Chapter 520: Death, or Submission!

Fresh blood flowed onto the moss, staining the ground red. The decapitated body of the wild man was still slightly twitching on the ground.

“This aura, is like a rose. Beautiful yet with thorns.” Luo Feng shook his head. “The moment one is unable to withstand the willpower, he would become a true mad demon, with no sense of logic. It’s no different from death.”

The books had long explained that the Ancient God ruins had attracted a large amount of warriors from Blood River Continent. At any given time, there were many who were unable to withstand the intense killing aura, in turn, losing all sense of reason and becoming demons who only knew how to kill. This was no different from wild and savage beasts. However, to become strong, countless people still headed here.

“That’s strange?” Luo Feng frowned. “This bottom area shouldn’t be too huge. I estimated it to have a diameter of only 10,000km!”

“And he’s a domain level 1 strength. His flying speed should be very fast. In theory, a demon with low intelligence has no difference from a savage beast. Hence, it is not possible for it to stay here at the bottom.” Luo Feng was suspicious. If one placed a cat in a house and didn’t lock it up, it couldn’t remain there forever.

One theory was that the huge pit, to a domain level 1 demon, wasn’t huge at all.

“Did he just become a demon here? Is there such a coincidence. These two years I haven’t entered the bottom. Yet, the moment I do, I meet a demon?” Luo Feng felt that things weren’t quite right, frowning as he looked at the red aura before him.

……

Within the depths of the huge pit on a certain platform, the bronze armored silhouette sat crossed legged. He opened his eyes and surveyed below, simultaneously communicating, “Lord, the blood demon has been killed, let me settle this punk!”

“No need!”

A voice filled with thick killing aura resounded in his ears.

In the vast endless bottom, within that blood red palace, a terrifying energy suddenly exploded. At the same time an alluring blood red light rushed out of the palace.

……

The blood red aura revolved about. Even with Luo feng’s amazing vision, he could only see 10km clearly, he could only see a blurry huge body.

“It’s strange. However, I have the mosha clansman. Hence, I have a guarantee of fleeing. If I’m careful, it shouldn’t be a problem! I want to see…just what is below here.” Luo Feng hesitated a little at first, after which he swiftly made a decision. However in the time he decided, a terrifying battle filled aura immediately descended on him!

“Rumble…”

Powerful pressure! Just like the some distant ancient demon god had appeared!

“Not good!” Luo Feng’s expression changed, immediately swiftly rushing into the sky!

Hu!

The surrounding 1,000km space immediately condensed, almost like a deep swamp. The entire space became an endless swamp. Luo Feng fought hard to fly up, however with the pressure from the condensed space, it made his speed lower by 1,000 times. The pressure was just unbelievable.

“Before me, you cannot flee.” A thick voice resounded in Luo Feng’s ears and mind.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s expression changed and he looked upwards.

In mid air, he saw a majestic silhouette. This person was dressed in a blood red long robe, with long hair that reached his legs and had eyes that were a peculiar blood red. His presence there gave off the feeling of an endless blood ocean.

That blood thirsty aura, made even one’s soul tremble.

“What a terrifying being.” Luo Feng’s gaze focused. Since his willpower was incredibly sturdy, he was able to defend against the enemy’s energy pressure.

“Oh my!”

“Blood god Baqi.” The tall and sturdy man in the blood red robe stood in mid air, saying slowly, his voice resounding continuously around the pit. “You are really not bad. You are only at cloud level pinnacle, yet you were actually able to kill a blood demon I tamed that just entered the domain level. Looks like you’ve already stepped through the gateway to the laws, and doing not bad at that!”

Luo Feng was shocked.

Tamed blood demon?

That warrior that had completely been taken over by the killing aura’s willpower and had been reduced to a mad demon, was actually tamed? Right, after becoming a mad demon it didn’t have any intelligence and had only the basic killing intent. His intelligence as low as a wild beast. If one’s power was very strong, like taming wild beast, there was definitely a way to control this mad demon.

However…

The mad demons normally could only slaughter.

“Cloud level pinnacle, having so many achievements in the laws. Breaking through cloud level, to achieve the domain level, there is a huge difference. Yet, you killed the blood demon. You…are very exceptional!” The blood red robed man in mid air said slowly. Even though he was complimenting, his voice was still cold, “I admire you!”

“You have two choices now!”

“One, submit to me, Blood god, and become one of my blood god guards. Henceforth, when I take over the world, you will be one of my loyal subjects. When I become the most exceptional and glaring being of Blood River continent, you too will receive eternal glory.”

“Two, go against me, and that will lead you to your death!”

The blood red robed man looked down on Luo Feng, making him shudder within.

What was going on?

He had just killed a mad demon and a terrifying and powerful being, at least a sector lord level 1…otherwise he wouldn’t be able to force himself to submit unable to resist! Right now this absolute being was pressuring him to submit?

He was a Virtual Universe Company core member. How can he possibly submit to a warrior of Blood River continent?

“Submit, or death!” The blood robed man gazed down at Luo Feng. “I’ll give you 10 counts to decide!”

“10!”

The blood robed mans eyes which were completely red seemed to hold within them endless killing intent. That terrifying willpower pressure had completely descended on Luo Feng, and Luo Feng was like a solid rock trying his best to resist.

“9!”

“8!”

“7!”

……

Like a god raging, the entire space trembled. Luo Feng felt the pressure about get more shocking, and that blood robed man’s killing intent grew heavier. Luo Feng didn’t even suspect that if he didn’t make a decision at the end, the enemy would just kill him. From the enemy’s incomparably clear willpower, he could tell.

This was a warrior that had slaughtered countless. He was one with exceptional pride and confidence, and he didn’t allow anyone to go against him.

“3!” The voice was cold, his eyes gleaming with chill.

“Right now I have two choices. One is to immediately transform to the mosha and instantly escape as far as possible. Simultaneously entering the automaton ship! Using the ship to accelerate and rush to the skies out of the 18 cloud levels! The automaton ship is an E grade ship and is the pinnacle of ships. It belonged to an automaton undying. This man before me…from what I can tell, shouldn’t be undying. I have 99% confidence of fleeing.”

“Second choice is to submit! Because he obviously regards me as a genius, hence at least my life won’t be in danger.”

“With the 1st way, the moment I escape, it would reveal my outsider identity. It would result in the entire continent’s governing body wanting to kill me. Then I wouldn’t be able to return, to the ancient god ruins, which has beneficial effects for my absorption of the blood river crystal. If I wanted to acquire more crystals…the moment I leave, I would lose all chances.”

In an instant, many thoughts flashed in Luo feng’s mind.

……

“2!” The blood robed man’s aura began to change.

“Lord!”

Luo Feng knelt on one knee, with the most proper bow to a superior used in Blood River continent, he knelt and shouted.

Immediately, the blood robed man floating in mid air revealed a smile. He looked satisfied at Luo Feng. “Very well, your talent… should be amongst the top 3 of my blood god guards. I like high talents, and people who know how to make decisions. From now on, you’ll be my blood god guard 97!”

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

Suddenly human silhouettes swiftly tore through the skies and appeared. Be it from a distance or descending from above, in a blink of an eye, a total of 96 bronze armored silhouettes stood on the ground. Every one of these bronze armored silhouettes had strong energies. The lowest was at least a domain level existence, with some even exceeding the domain level.

Uniformly, the 96 bronze armored silhouettes knelt on one knee, saying respectfully in unison, “Congratulations Lord, Congratulations!”

“haha, hahaha…” The blood robed man laughed loudly.

“Number one, you are in charge of teaching 97.” The blood robed man laughed loudly, following which he became a blood colored beam of light and swiftly vanished.

……

Luo Feng looked at the surrounding 96 bronze armored silhouettes and was filled with shock within. By using his strong consciousness and willpower to feel about…he could deduce that among the 96 before him, 94 of them should be domain lord level (domain level) and 2 were actually sector lord (world level).

“97!” A tall bronze armored warrior walked over, he smiled. “Congratulations on becoming one of our blood god guards! You are the only cloud level of the blood god guards!”

“Just what are the blood god guards, and…who’s the lord?” Luo Feng was curious, asking.

“Haha…”

The tall warrior and the other guards had a obvious difference, that was a blood red engraving on his armor. Among all the blood god guards, only two of them had this blood red engraving. The two were both at the sector lord level! This man before him, was one of the two sector lords.

“Our lord is an exceptionally rare genius, who could only be found one in a trillion years, from the undying shrine.” The tall warrior’s voice resounded loudly and was filled with pride. “And in the undying shrine, our lord’s status, isn’t lower than some of the undying spirits!”

The other group of bronze armored silhouettes, many were filled with excitement and worship.

“If the lord wishes, he could breakthrough to undying in a short time.” The tall warrior said proudly. “Only, he doesn’t want that little achievement. You must know…our lord has already absorbed 8 blood river crystals.”

“What, 8?” Luo Feng was startled.

My god.

After absorbing 10 blood river crystals, one could become the legendary black warrior. And it was supposed to only be a legend.

The tall warrior was satisfied at Luo Feng’s shock, nodding, “Right! Our lord’s aim is to become the legendary black warrior! For you to become one of the blood god guards, you should feel proud. Because, there are countless who wish to become one of us, yet they cannot receive the lord’s recognition.”


Chapter 521: Savage Beast Qi Niu

“Isn’t becoming a black warrior extremely hard?” Luo Feng was curious, asking, “From the books I’ve read, becoming a black warrior is almost simply a legend. However, to become a blood warrior, people still have some hope.”

“But of course.” The tall blood god guard laughed loudly, “Black warrior, that is the pride of our Blood River continent. Only after an immeasurable amount of time will one be born. And it’s been very very long since we’ve had a black warrior. Afterall, absorbing the blood river crystals, every one would have an increased requirement of ten times from before, and every person’s body has a limit. After a certain extent….the killing aura of the Ancient God ruins won’t have any use on the body. At that time, then that’d be no hope.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

Limit?

Right, he had only absorbed 2 crystals currently, and the killing aura was still benefitting his body. However one’s body would have a limit afterall. When that is reached, even staying in the Ancient God ruins wouldn’t be effective at all.

“Let’s hope that my body can take more.” Luo Feng thought.

“Come, 97. Let me introduce you.” The tall blood god guard walked towards the others. “I am the captain of the guards, number 1. You’ll call me captain from now on. This is number 2, the vice captain.”

“97.”

“How do you do 97.”

The many bronze armored warriors walked up to introduce themselves to Luo Feng, because they were all clear that the title of blood god guards were the closest guard team to the Blood God. They were like his right arms. In the future, their group would go through thick and thin together. Hence, they had to get close and be on good terms with each other. Afterall, they would become life and death brothers.

“97, you are the smallest.”

“Small and young.”

“Haha, 73, don’t look down on 97. This 97 is the only cloud level that has been allowed in.”

“You bunch of punks. 97, he even killed a blood demon. According to the levels of the outsiders, that is a domain lord level 1 blood demon.” The blood god captain Number 1 laughed loudly. “Their levels are ten times different, and that blood demon has even stepped through the laws gateway. However, 97 still won so simply. In terms of origin law comprehension, most of us don’t even compare to him.”

Immediately the group of guards all looked shocked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was shocked within.

One of the reason was because the captain knew of the term domain lord and the levels. The second reason was because he actually knew that Luo Feng had won easily against the blood demon, knowing that the demon had also stepped through the entrance of the origin laws.

And the lord before hadn’t spoken much in detail before too.

“Looks like, my battle before had been completely monitored.” Luo Feng thought. “Right, him and the vice captain, are the considered to be right hand and left hand of the blood god. Them and the blood god Baqi were all sector lord level. Sector lords could use their world energy…the wonder of the world energy. This was something his earth body had yet to discover, it was normal.”

“97!”

The captain number 1 smiled at Luo Feng. “From now on, we are all life and death brothers, all blood god guards!”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Haha…come, follow me.” The captain looked at the others. “All of you return to your posts, go back to your training and whatever.”

“Yes, captain.”

“Understood, captain.”

“Little thing, we’ll chat next time.”

A group of bronze silhouettes spoke and became beams of lights heading in all directions.

……

The captain brought Luo Feng. They were walking along the bottom of the huge pit and talking along the way, “The Ancient God ruins is the most ancient and mysterious place of our Blood River continent. Back then, our ancient warriors of the continent defended against the outsiders here. The outsiders were extremely strong, you cannot even begin to imagine.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng was shocked. “Just how strong are the outsiders?”

“I don’t know either.” Number 1 shook his head. “Anyway they are just terrifying. Just imagine, back then many undying spirits fell in this Ancient God ruins. From this, you should already know how intense and tragic that battle was.”

“Enough about the outsiders, I need to warn you of…the Ancient God ruins! Don’t wander about alone here.” Number 1 emphasized. “The lord is training in his palace here. The duty of us blood god guards is to protect him, killing enemies around. As he is training here, naturally we are all training here in the ruins too.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Training in the Ancient God ruins was a good thing.

“However here in the ruins, there are many dangerous places. This huge pit is one of them.” Number 1 pointed into the sky. “Above, is the killing aura whirlpool. The aura at the whirlpool core is terrifying. The aura there will make one unable to resist, it’s terrifying.”

“Whirlpool?” Luo Feng pretended to be curious. In truth, he had already seen it before.

“Hm, this bottom and the top part of the pit, the aura is already thick enough.” Number 1 said shocked. “However the closer you get to the whirlpool core, the thickness grows even more. I’ve heard that in the core center, the thickness reaches close to 10 times!”

“Close to 10 times?” Luo Feng was truly shocked now.

Before, he had made it to a region of 8 times, he could already see with his naked eye the core center of the whirlpool, and did not dare to approach closer.

“Hm.” Number 1 emphasized. “It’s very dangerous there, even my willpower can at most take up to 5 times only. I’ve heard that our lord is able to reach a region of 7 times.”

“7 times?” Luo Feng thought, just weaker than himself.

However to be able to reach 7 times, this blood god Baqi was already named a genius from a trillion years on Blood River continent. In terms of pure willpower…Luo feng was already much stronger than many sector lord pinnacles.

“Hence, you have to be careful.” Number 1 emphasized. “The moment you rush in and get invaded by the killing aura willpower… you will become like the blood demon you defeated before.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded seriously.

This huge pit is one of the dangers of the Ancient God ruins. such a place, there are probably millions of these in the entire ruins. All are incomparably dangerous places where the aura gathers.” Number 1 exclaimed. “There are also many other dangerous places that haven’t been discovered over countless years. Anyway, recklessly wandering about will be tragic.”

Luo Feng was shocked

Millions of such places?

“Follow me to the palace.” The captain became a beam of light.

Luo Feng followed.

Luo Feng looked ahead at this palace that was erected amidst the red aura. It was about 2 km in length and width, and was a total of 7 storeys tall.

“Come in.” The captain entered and Luo Feng followed.

Very quickly arriving at the 2nd level.

“Ah?” Luo Feng’s ears moved. Looking in the distant room, that door was open, from within it, weak howls resounded.

The captain looked at Luo Feng’s expression and explained. “That’s where we tame the blood demons.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng nodded.

Blood demons, also the mad warriors.

“Our blood god guard living quarters are on the 3rd level.” The captain arrived at the 3rd level and followed the pathway, simultaneously pointing at a 1m wide walkway, “Beside every room is a number, from 1 to 200. Right now, 96 of them are taken, yours will be 97!”

3rd level of the palace, room 97, the door automatically opened.

“Di!”

A green light shined on Luo feng who had just entered.

“This is?” Luo feng was shocked.

“Don’t be shocked. This is a quantum computer that manages the entire palace.” The captain smiled. “These quantum computers were acquired from the outsiders back from the Ancient God battles. However, creating these quantum computers was extremely hard. Even among the undying shrines, only the upper levels have it.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng gave a look of envy.

Quantum computers? There was plenty in the universe, one could buy as much as he wanted. And he had a living AI that was much better.

Room 97, it was 20m tall and 30m long and wide room.

“This is your genetic armor.” The captain pointed at a bunch of stuff neatly organized on the ground. “These genetic armors will defend you according to how strong your genetic energy is. Simultaneously, it will change according to your will and is able to seal up all vital areas. Even if broken, it can quickly regenerate. It’s a very advanced armor. Only very few in blood river continent have it.”

“Hm.” Luo feng stared at the bronze armor.

“This is a communication device!” The captain pointed at the bracelet beside. “Wear it, and through it, you can contact the other guards and the lord! Simultaneously…the lord will know where you are from it!”

Luo Feng hesitated a little.

Communication device?

Probably more of a surveillance device.

“The lord has ordered that no blood god guard, without the lord’s orders, can leave him more than 100k km. If one does so, he would be deemed a traitor and killed.” The captain stared at Luo Feng and emphasized. “You must always remember…the moment you betray the lord, with his future position in the undying shrine, there’s nowhere for you to run in the entire Blood River continent.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

Boom!

Luo Feng felt the ground of the palace slightly tremble. Boom! Boom! Trembles resounded all over. It was a heavy sound, it almost felt like the footsteps of a giant that was nearby.

“Hm?” The captain was shocked too, quickly leaving the room.

Luo Feng followed out of the room into the walkway. With one look, he could see ahead of the 10m wide walkway, there was a 12m tall, 20m long 4 hooved beast. From its appearance, it was similar to the bull like animals of earth. The muscles on its body solid and wrapped all about. There were also two curved horns protruding from the top of its head.

Those hooves were as thick as water jars, sturdy and forceful.

Its entire body was bronze in color, and the eyes were blood red. The most peculiar thing was its horns, they were so sharp that it made hearts tremble. Just from its walking along the pathway alone, its horns seemed to tear through the air and shake the space.

“Lord Qi Niu.” Number 1 bowed.

“Hm!” That 4 storey tall beast Qi Niu gazed down at Luo Feng. A fierce energy emanated from him, “He’s the new 97?”

“Yes, Lord Qi Niu.” Number 1 said, simultaneously communicating to Luo Feng, “97, this beast Qi Niu…is even stronger than our lord. His position in the undying shrine is very high too. He’s like brothers with our lord.”

Luo Feng was stunned.


Chapter 522: Ecstasy

Wild beast, their position in the Blood river continent was very low. There were those that were tamed and used as riding beasts, others were directly killed and their bodies were used for materials.

In all, the beasts had always been suppressed by humans.

“A wild beast Qi Niu was actually able to hold a high position within the undying shrine? Even if it was strong, it wasn’t an undying. Yet, for it to get a high position that is simply unbelievable! The undying shrine, that was the highest governing echelon of Blood River continent.” Luo feng was shocked, simultaneously bowing and looking at the wild beast ahead of him, “Lord Qi Niu!”

The wild beast Qi Niu stood in the walkway, lowering his gaze to look at the tiny dot.

“Hm!” A burning energy emitted from his nostrils, almost like two burning heatwaves, his red eyes stared hard at Luo Feng.

Rumble!

In an instant the world came crashing down. A formless pressure immediately acted on Luo Feng’s soul, almost like a heavy hammer smashing on his soul, causing him to snort involuntarily, as heavy sweat was beading from his forehead. However, he still stood his ground, posture upright, as he was obviously not submitting.

“Lord Qi Niu!” The captain number 1 shouted. “97 is still only cloud level.”

“Hm.”

A low sound resounded from his nostrils, following which the pressure vanished.

“This 97 is not bad!” Qi Niu’s voice rumbled. “I think he can take very strong killing aura as well. Here’s two blood river crystals! Take it as a gift from Lord Qi Niu and absorb it well. After you’ve absorbed these two, come and look for me for the 3rd one.”

Two prism shaped crystals suddenly appeared in mid air and floated towards Luo Feng.

While floating, the beauty of the blood red crystals made one’s heart tremble.

“Blood river crystal?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed and extended his hands to receive them.

“Quickly thank Lord Qi Niu.” The captain said.

“Thank you Lord Qi Niu.” Luo Feng bowed.

“Hm.”

Another two hot waves of heat burst from his nostrils and with a snort, he gradually walked away. Each step from his thick hooves, the moment one landed, he was already far away, finally he vanished.

“This wild beast Qi Niu has such strong pressure and strength. Back when the captain said he was stronger than blood god Baqi, that was definitely the truth” Luo Feng watched Qi Niu vanish. Feeling happy within, he gripped the two crystals gleefully. “hehe” These were the easiest crystals he had acquired.

Back in Swallow Mound city, he had acquired 14 crystals, (Rockwind brothers a total of 3, Pure Feather Tao 1, undying shrine envoys 10).

Later, in the Ancient God ruins, he encountered the 4 geniuses from the undying shrine. While ambushed, he killed 1 of them, and was able to acquire 1 more.

A total of 15 crystals! For every one of them, he had to kill to get them. Only these 2 in his hand…

“97, as long as you can absorb, Lord Qi Niu will supply you with blood river crystals.” The tall and sturdy bronze armored warrior number 1 laughed carefree. “Right now amongst our blood god guards, only 5 of them are able to absorb 3 crystals and successfully become blood warriors! I have high hopes for you.”

“Hm!” Luo Feng nodded, following which he asked curiously. “This blood river crystal, I can ask for as many as I want?”

“Of course not.”

Captain number 1 smiled and shook his head. “The crystals are treasures of our Blood River continent! However, the number of crystals each person can absorb…is truly too little. Over countless years on this continent…it’s been a long time since anyone has absorbed 10 crystals and become a black warrior. The number of crystals Lord Qi Niu provides is sufficient.”

“Ah.” Luo feng nodded.

Sounds like…

Within this blood god Baqi’s place, the person in charge of giving crystals was actually Qi Niu.

“You should know everything now.” Number 1 nodded. “Right now you can train within the training grounds of the palace or look for an isolated spot outside! You are here as a guard and not a prisoner. However the single requirement, you should know right?”

“100k km, I have to be within a 100k km from the lord at all times.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Very good.”

Number 1 nodded and left.

Palace level 3, training room 97.

Luo Feng wore the bronze armor and wore the communication device. Shaking his head, “This communication device sure is simple, a simple and fixed system. In terms of technology, it’s about the same as earth’s communication watch back then.”

“Blood god BaQi, wild beast Qi Niu, 96 blood god guards.” Luo feng ‘s mind was swiftly filled with thoughts. “According to the gathered data, Blood god Baqi should be a sector lord pinnacle who had absorbed 8 crystals and was known as a 1 in a trillion years absolute genius in the undying shrine. This was definitely a high ranking.”

“Wild beast Qi Niu is stronger than BaQi. Like brothers with BaQi, he should be the 2nd most important figure in this power.”

“96 blood god guards all have high talents. They have 2 sector lords and 94 domain lords.”

“Right now in this Ancient God ruins…they are mainly here for blood god Baqi’s training.” Luo Feng instantly understood, why during his two years in his huge pit quarters, he never discovered any warriors below. This was because blood god Baqi was in training, and the guards couldn’t leave too far.

“From the looks of it.”

“Even though I’ve become a guard, later on it should be more relaxed.” Luo Feng wore the bronze armor, and boots and was just about to leave when 5 silhouettes entered.

“97!”

“97!”

These 5 were all dressed in the same bronze armor, their physiques however were completely different. They all smiled and waved.

“12, 19, 33, 78, 83.” Luo Feng shouted familiarly.

“When we were in our training rooms earlier, we discovered Lord Qi Niu had arrived.” Number 12, who looked almost like a skinny teenager smiled, “According to the old rules, Lord Qi Niu should have given you 2 crystals right?”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“97, have you absorbed any crystals before?” Beside, the fat and bulky 19 asked.

“I’ve absorbed 1 before.” Luo Feng said.

The 5 guards and Luo feng thus began a casual chat. Luo Feng had already planned his background well, the group chatted for awhile and half an hour later, the 5 of them left. As they left, number 12 emphasized, “97, remember, whenever you meet Qi Niu, you have to respectfully call him Lord Qi Niu.”

“Right, you cannot disrespect him at all. Whoever does, he will get extremely angry.” The handsome 83 said.

“Ah?” Luo Feng was curious, “I actually don’t know his strength, how can he be even stronger than Lord blood god?”

“Haha…”

“Wild beasts are separated into 4 categories. Category 1 reaches the ground level at maturity, 2 reaches the sky level, 3 the cloud level, 4 the domain level.” 12 spoke cleanly and fast. “And the wild beast Qi Niu, is in the 4th category. He was born with a domain, a gold domain.”

“The higher the category, it represents the stronger bloodline and the more exceptional body.”

“You should know…”

“This blood river crystal can be used by any flesh and blood living creatures. Not just us humans, wild beasts…too can absorb the crystals.” 12 smiled.

Luo Feng felt a clap of thunder in his mind.

Any flesh and blood living creatures can use?

“Haha, 97, you don’t seem to know?”

“97.” Blood god guard 83 exclaimed. “Compared to humans, the wild beasts’ bodies are stronger and more exceptional. They can normally absorb more than us humans. According to the experience of the undying shrine, beasts that are proficient in metal type normally absorb the crystals even better and gain more benefits.”

“Qi Niu, is a high level beast…category 4, who is also proficient in metals.”

“Hence, every wild beast Qi Niu, can at least absorb 3 crystals. And the exceptional ones among them can even absorb 10.” 83 exclaimed. “This Lord Qi Niu, has already absorbed 12 crystals. Plus, he’s a sector lord pinnacle, hence he is terrifyingly strong.

Luo Feng stood there stunned.

Silence.

“97?”

“What’s wrong 97?” The other 5 shouted.

“Ah…”

Luo Feng awoke, exclaiming, “I was too shocked. From the books I’ve read…it’s already been countless years since the appearance of a black warrior. It’s already become a legend. I didn’t expect Lord Qi Niu to have already absorbed 12 blood river crystals!”

“Humans and beasts are different.”

“No point in being jealous.”

“Luckily, category 4 beasts are very rare.” The 5 exclaimed.

“Hm, right.” Luo Feng followed suit beside.

Finally the 5 left.

When they left, with only Luo Feng remaining in the training room, he shut the door and revealed a look of ecstasy.

“My god!”

“My god!”

“I’m such an idiot, really an idiot. I actually didn’t even think of it!” Luo Feng’s look was that of pure ecstasy. His fists gripped tight and madness roared within, “Any blood and flesh living being can absorb the crystals. Blood and flesh…right, the blood river crystal is absorbed through the blood and it changes the body’s cell structure.”

“Humans are blood and flesh life forms.”

“So is the golden horned beast!”

Luo Feng was extremely excited. “It’s extremely taxing for my human body to absorb the crystals. However, what about the golden horned beast?”

“They had said earlier that the higher the level of the body, the easier it is to absorb. Especially those proficient in metal types…”

“Even though, I don’t know why one has to be proficient in metal types to have better benefits for the absorption!”

“However!”

“The golden horned beast, that is the most pinnacle bloodline in the entire universe, reaching sector lord at maturity! It is born with 3 great natural talents. It is proficient in metal types, is also a favored child of the universe gold laws.” Luo Feng was extremely excited. “Compared to the golden horned beast, that wild beast Qi Niu is nothing!”

“If that wild beast Qi niu can absorb 12 blood river crystals!”

“Just how many can my golden horned beast absorb?”

“Haha…”

Luo Feng couldn’t suppress his ecstasy within. He had a feeling that the golden horned beast was originally his strongest trump card. And absorbing the blood river crystals, may give a new change to the already intrepid and powerful golden horned beast!


Chapter 523: Golden Horned Beast’s Change

Palace level 3.

Luo Feng who was dressed in the bronze armor, swiftly left the training room and exited the palace entrance.

“To the Huge Pit quarters!” Luo Feng looked up in the sky at the red killing aura that was revolving and he rushed into the sky.

Sou!

The huge pit was very deep, Luo Feng continued to fly upwards.

“97.”

“97.” Two voices resounded in his mind, causing him to stop and float in mid air. To be able to detect him without him even knowing, other than Baqu within the palace and Qi Niu, only the two captains of the blood god guards would be able to do it.

Luo Feng looked around and floated there, replying respectfully. “Captain, vice captain.”

“97, where are you heading to to train?” A thick voice resounded around him.

“Captains, for the past two years, I have been training in a cave along the mountain wall above.” Luo Feng explained. “Hence, I’m prepared to head there.”

“97, this high altitude region is mine and number 2’s jurisdiction.” The voice continued. “You’ll be safer training below! Of course…the lord has ordered that no one is to leave more than 100,000 km away. You can go to your cave quarters, however we cannot observe and guarantee your safety.”

The two captains of the blood god guards were sector lords.

The two of them released their world energy around to scan. While training they naturally maintained their surveillance, however their range was limited.

“The moment there’s danger, I will come down immediately.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“Hm, since you insist, then go on.”

“Right.”

Luo Feng bowed respectfully and immediately rushed into the sky.

……

Deep in the huge pit, within the platforms of uneven walls on the side of the mountains, there was a tall and sturdy bronze armored silhouette sat crossed legged. “This 97 is extremely gifted, and the lord favors him too. However…the most important thing to becoming a blood god guard is loyalty! Number 2, from what I see, this 97 hasn’t completely submitted to the lord yet.”

“Number 1!”

A noise resounded from 10,000km away on yet another platform. “Geniuses are all confident and proud. It won’t be easy to get him to submit completely. He also only submitted from being forced by the lord…let’s just see how it goes. The lord will be training for a while. In the meantime, we will observe him. If we find any other motives of his, it won’t be too late to kill him!”

“Hm, you are right. If and once we find enough evidence we’ll kill him.”

The two sector lords at a distance of 10,000km, communicated and made decisions.

……

Even though the group of blood god guards treated him well, they were still ultimately most loyal to the blood god Ba Qi. Loyalty and strength couldn’t be lacking at all! And Luo Feng obviously hadn’t received the recognition of the group of guards yet, especially the two sector lords…who had special privileges.

They always observed the other guards, and had the right to punish them.

Ancient god ruins, huge pit, huge pit quarters.

A green light pierced through the cave, following which it condensed. It was the bronze armored Luo Feng. He sat on the stone chair excitedly.

“This purpose of this communication device is to keep track of me.” Luo Feng looked at his bracelet. “If I leave more than 100,000km away or destroy it, it would arouse the attention of the Blood God. However…since there’s no danger and instead, there are benefits, I have no need to leave. I’ll temporarily remain loyal here as a blood god guard.”

Luo Feng smiled, he flipped his hand.

In his palm a space ring and a black stone appeared. This black stone was the Mosha transformed body, the space ring held within it, the 15 blood river crystals!

He had acquired 14 in Swallow mound city, killing the undying shrine genius gave him one more and Qi Niu had given him another 2.

And his earth body had already absorbed 2, hence he had 15 left.

“Let’s begin!” Luo Feng muttered within.

Shua!

The black stone touched the space ring and immediately vanished into his palm, entering his internal world.

……

Internal world.

The skies were engulfed in endless gold mist. This vast continent was completely gold, and only the edges were black, and this continuous mountain range was at least 10km long.

Shua!

The black stone appeared beside this black mountain range, following which it transformed into a black clothed Luo Feng. In his palm was a space ring…the ring which held the 15 crystals. Right now, the internal world could take in foreign items that he brought in and not destroy them.

Other living things that tried to enter would all be destroyed!

Whether it was swallowing some life form or materials, all of them would be digested. If he over ate and couldn’t digest everything, it would bloat the internal world and it would implode!

“15 blood river crystals, mysterious crystals. It’s a pity that only flesh and blood life forms can absorb it.” The Mosha Luo feng held the space ring, “It’s too bad that the Mosha couldn’t absorb the crystals.”

Rumble!

The black mountain range beside suddenly began to move, completely standing upright. This was a beast whose body alone reached 60km. As for its 4 hoof claws..every one of them were thick. It’s thickest thigh portion was 6km thick, the thinnest parts were 3 to 4 km thick. It was simply like 4 heavenly pillars!

Any one claw alone was taller than the Himalayan mountains!

As for it’s cold dark golden eyes, every pupil was like a large lake, like two dark golden suns staring down.

“Terrifying.”

“Even looking at it myself, I find the golden horned beast terrifying.” Mosha Luo Feng looked up at the golden horned beast and muttered, “The universe has so many forms of life forms. Every one of them can be separated into countless divisions of races and clans. Of all the life forms, the golden horned beast stands above all.”

“Just its physical structure alone holds terrifying strength. This pure brute force could easily kill human warriors 2 to 3 levels above it.”

“Plus its natural talents!”

“Right now it is also training Deities of the World. Even if my mosha body meets the golden horned beast, it would have to flee too.” Mosha Luo Feng muttered. Compared to the golden horned beast, maybe the mosha clan body was better at assassination. However, when facing one head on…it was much weaker. The golden horned beast was naturally intrepid with its natural abilities, making it incomparably powerful!

“Howl!”

The tall black mountain like beast raised its head and howled. The howl shook the land and skies, following which it extended its right claw and Mosha Luo Feng took one blood river crystal and placed it on it.

The golden horned beast’s two sun like eyes gazed at the crystal on its claw following which its claw opened and grabbed. The sharp blade like claws slashed its palm and cut through the black scales and skin, fresh blood seeped out.

The golden horned beast carefully used its spirit energy to control the crystal.

The crystal was gently placed on the wound, the wound was at least 10m long. The crystal simply dropped right in and a formless energy swiftly rushed through the golden horned beast’s body.

“Rumble!”

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

The killing intent rushed into its body. The golden horned beast’s willpower was Luo Feng’s willpower, condensed and solid, like a blade, this little killing aura didn’t even do anything.

“Chi chi…” Red threads of energy poured out from the crystal and followed the slash wound swiftly deep into the golden horned beast’s bones and muscles. Immediately a special change began to occur in its right claw, the scales there and the claws began to change, the bones and muscles too began to change…

Everything was very familiar.

In an instant, it ended.

The absorption of the 1st crystal was a success!

“What’s going on?”

“How can this be?” Using his spirit energy he scanned the golden horned beast’s every part. He was very shocked, “How can, how can it be that only this right claw changed?”

The golden horned beast lowered its head and its golden eyes carefully examined its right claw. It had just absorbed the 1st crystal, however it was completely different from his human body absorbing the crystal. Even though that blood river crystal held within it a mysterious energy, that energy however only produced a special change in its right claw.

As for the rest of the beast itself.

Like its trunk and body, wings, the other 3 claws, tail, head…there wasn’t any changes at all.

“Damn, it can’t be?”

“Don’t tell me…”

Standing beside the golden horned beast, Mosha Luo Feng looked at the huge mountain like golden horned beast. Immediately his eyes gleamed, “Is it because it’s body is too huge?”

“A tub of water is enough for one man to bathe.”

“However, it takes an entire river for the golden horned beast to shower.”

“I think it’s this theory.”

“The golden horned beast’s body is too huge. It’s bones, muscles and cells etc are too numerous. To be able to make everything change, the amount of blood river crystal energy needed must be much more. Hence…one blood river crystal can only cover this right claw. Even the elbow couldn’t be reached.” Luo Feng had guessed it.

……

Rumble!

The golden horned beast waved its right claw, triggering the blood river energy from within, a simple blood red engraving appeared on the surface, its control of the universe energy itself was clearer and cleaner.

“Chi!” It tore through the sky, causing a 10km long slash through the ground.

“It’s indeed easier.”

“Within this one claw, its power was raised by 20-30%.”

“Since that’s so, if I put the other crystals into the other claws, I am sure that the other claws and tail would only raise by 20-30%. Since that’s so…why not make the strong stronger!” Luo Feng immediately decided, “Hm, I’ll continue with the 2nd crystal.”

Make the strong stronger!

Let its strength get even more exceptional!

……

The black clothed Luo Feng placed another crystal into the right palm of the beast. The golden horned beast’s incomparably huge golden eyes stared at the pam, after which it sliced another wound through the scales.

Chi!

The scales split apart, fresh blood seeped out, once again touching the blood river crystal.

Everything was as Luo Feng had predicted. After defending against the rush of killing intent, the blood threads of mysterious energy entered its right claw. Immediately the bones, muscles and scales began to change from deep within…the range of its change, was exactly the same as the 1st crystal.

Just the right claw, not even reaching close to the elbow.

Once everything had finished, the golden horned beast once again waved its right claw triggering the mysterious energy.

“Hm.”

“This right claw, compared to before the absorption, its power has risen about 50%. It’s exactly the same as the human body absorbing the crystals. The only difference is…the crystal completely engulfs the entire human body. As for the golden horned beast, it only changed the right claw.”

“Continue!”

“On to the 3rd!” Absorbing 3 crystals would allow one to gain the title blood warrior, there should be something special.” Luo Feng anticipated.


Chapter 524: Change

The 3rd crystal lay in the palm on the scales of the right claw. With a quick slash from another claw, the scales were slit through and fresh blood seeped out. Once again, the absorption began…

The golden horned beast’s huge head looked down at its right claw. While observing, a huge painful change began to occur in its right claw…With the special control abilities of the golden horned beast, it could completely control and limit the area of pain on its body. At this time, the 3rd crystal had completely vanished and was absorbed into the right claw.

“Trigger!”

The golden horned beast triggered the mysterious energy from within, immediately on the scales a blood red engraving appeared.

After absorbing the 1st crystal, this engraving was very simple and small.

After the 2nd, it got more complex, it had even doubled in size.

At this point after the 3rd, the engraving had gotten much more complex, almost as though they formed one full perfect body.

“Rumble!”

It waved its right claw, triggering the universe golden origin law energies. With one slash, a formless wave shook the air. A terrifying shockwave immediately exploded the mountain ranges ahead, and large amounts of metal scattered around.

“Compared to before, the strength has totally doubled! The melding level with the universe laws has also doubled.” The golden horned beast couldn’t help but raise its head and howl.

Mosha Luo Feng had high comprehension ability, when it unleashed its strength, it was extremely strong.

The golden horned beast however didn’t have such an ability. Its attack was powerful mainly because of its natural talents and body along with deities of the world etc. And while it had proficiency in law comprehension, in battle, it couldn’t unleash the full potential of the origin law strength.

But now!

With its comprehension to gold and the other laws doubled, even its battle powers had been doubled!

“Even though compared to the Mosha clan’s comprehension ability of 10 times, this is nothing. But, it’s still very impressive.”

“Comprehension had doubled, and strength had doubled as well.” Luo Feng was excited.

Absorbing 3 crystals meant one would become a blood warrior.

A blood warrior had double the normal comprehension and twice the power during battle.

“I’ll continue with the 4th.”

……

The blood river crystal’s abilities were simply too heavenly, raising both comprehension and power! Even though every one of them didn’t raise much by itself, however added together, it was still pretty impressive. One had to know that the Mosha Clansman and other special races in the universe were all races with special abilities.

The golden horned beast relied on brute force!

The mosha clans man was proficient in assassination!

And the blood river crystal…could raise one’s comprehension of all the laws, giving them the feeling of a fish in water.

……

“I really don’t know how these blood river crystals are produced.”

The golden horned beast continued to absorb the 4th crystal. Similarly in its right claw, and this time while the right claw triggered the mysterious energy…the blood red engraving grew even more. The overall growth however this time in comprehension and power seem to be just a little.

The raise itself wasn’t obvious, far from the previous 3!

“On to the 5th!”

After the 5th, the moment it triggered the mysterious energy, the engraving got more and more complex. Its melding with the universe origin laws and unleashing all rose by a level as well.

The 6th!

7th!

8th!

……

“Luckily I have enough blood river crystals. The undying shrine envoy gave me 10, otherwise there would no way the golden horned beast would have 10 to absorb.” The black clothed Luo Feng stood at the side, looking at the incomparably huge being the golden horned beast as it began to absorb its 10th crystal.

If it were a human, absorbing the 10th would make him a black warrior.

The black warrior in blood river continent was a legend, belonging to the pinnacle of humans who had absorbed the crystals.

“Who knows what will happen to the golden horned beast after absorbing the 10th crystal.”

“Let’s begin!”

chi!

The golden horned beast used its sharp claw to slash its right palm, slicing through the scales. The 10th beautiful blood river crystal fell into its palm and immediately, the beast used its spirit energy to control it to land on its palm. As it made contact, the absorption began, an even madder killing intent was produced.

“The killing intent attack from this 10th crystal is still very normal, it cannot affect me. It pales in comparison to the core of the whirlpool.”

“The changes in the bones and muscles have already reached a very painful stage. However, I can still bear with it…ah!!!”

The golden horned beast let out an incomparably painful howl.

Howl!

Howl!

It shook the skies.

“Damn!” The pain made black clothed Luo feng kneel on one knee, and the earth body Luo Feng in the Huge pit quarters too grabbed the floor. The pain caused sweat to fall constantly from his forehead, yet he gritted his teeth hard.

“It’s too painful!”

“It’s simply, simply…”

The pain from the right claw directly affected its soul, the 3 bodies all shared one soul! As the golden horned beast howled in pain, the Mosha body and the earth body all were in extreme pain too. This pain far exceeded the physical level, even to the point where the soul’s will power couldn’t control it…

It entered deep into the soul.

“Howl!”

“Wail!!!” The golden horned beast, as the initial and direct point of pain had to endure the strongest pain. It couldn’t control its body as it flew madly into the skies of the metal continent, crashing about, large amounts of golden mountains crumbling as it smashed into them, the ground had huge 10km deep craters.

As the golden horned beast was in excruciating pain, the right claw had become a pale gold color. The scales seemingly thinner, the tips of the claw too had become a pale gold, as though the tips of those blade like claws had countless little engravings.

Chi chi…

The scales returned to black and the claws returned to its original state, the pain slowly dissipated.

“Hu!” Black clothed Luo Feng stood up.

Luo Feng who was in the huge pit quarters too let out a sigh of relief.

The golden horned beast stood on the ground for awhile before stirring.

“I had known earlier that absorbing the 10th crystal would be special. However, I didn’t expect the pain to be like that.” Luo Feng was speechless. People with weak consciousness, just from the pain…their souls would have long crumbled and died.

“Howl!”

The golden horned beast rumbled and stood up, waving its heavenly pillar like right limb, simultaneously triggering the mysterious energy within. As it was triggered…the surface scales of its right claws had a huge change. The scales, bones, muscles, claws, and its innermost essence were swiftly changing as well.

This was a change that occurred at its very core and essence!

Such a change was obvious even on the outside. The right claw scales were thinner and were a pale gold in color. The muscles seemed to have doubled in thickness, the veins and vessels within had all become a pale gold in color, and the tip of the claw itself… had become a pale gold blade like claw. It seemed like there were countless engravings that were impossible to see with the naked eye.

Simultaneously!

The entire right claw had an incomparably complex and perfect blood red engraving, it had formed one full body!

“This, this…”

Black clothed Luo feng and the earth body were both completely shocked.

The golden horned beast looked at its right claw, seeing clearly the unbelievable power coursing through it, it waved fiercely…

“The comprehension and unleashing of the origin laws is 3 times from before absorption of any crystals!” Luo Feng’s consciousness could clearly feel the right claws huge change. “This, this was still within my calculations. However right now the right claw itself…it actually, had a change in its very core!”

Normal carbon was formed from carbon atoms.

Iron ore too was formed from carbon atoms.

A change in its essence, its physical appearance and strength too would go through change. And after absorbing the 10th crystal, that mysterious energy seemed to change the body itself, infusing a special effect, and actually directly changing the essence of the right claw. Not just its interior, but also the scales outside were changed to a pale gold in color.

“What power.”

“The strength of this right claw can match up to the entire strength of its whole body from before.” The golden horned beast gently waved its right claw, creating shockwaves every time.

Just how huge was its body?

Its strength was mostly derived from its huge size, and the tail which was almost as long as the entire body, along with the huge wings and the 4 claws!

And right now, just the strength within the right claw alone was comparable to its entire body, what idea was that?

“Natural ability strength, doubles my strength.”

“And the right claw now has the strength of the entire body from before. If I can completely control the full strength, with one slash… wouldn’t that be 2 times the full body power from before?”

“The change in the right claw, in terms of strength is akin to the natural ability strengthen.” Luo Feng was shocked.

Blood river crystal!

The peculiar and terrifying crystal was not only changing the beast in terms of universe origin laws, but also the essence in its body itself.

Actually during the first absorption, Luo Feng felt that the crystal itself was able to change the essence of the body, able to instantly transform one into a beast man, scaled man, and so on. However, that was simply during the absorption process alone. The moment it ended, everything would return to normal. Even though Luo Feng had always suspected that the crystal had other abilities.

However he hadn’t discovered them yet!

After absorbing 3 crystals, he hadn’t discovered it.

After absorbing 10 crystals, only then did he realize it’s terrifying ability!

“The golden horned beast’s right claw itself has to be strengthened at least 10 times, before it is comparable to its full body strength.” Luo Feng was shocked. This mission of blood river world, was indeed the right choice.

Absorbing 10 blood river crystals.

The golden horned beast’s most proficient body strength had doubled.

As for the law comprehension and law unleashing, they had increased by 3 times from before! Its entire strength…had indeed leapt quite a lot.

“Continue absorbing!”

“Even that Qi Niu could absorb 12 crystals, my golden horned beast should be able to take more.” Luo Feng was extremely excited.

……

The golden horned beast raised its head and let out an excited roar, once again beginning to absorb another crystal.

The 11th…the pain was indeed strong, however it was obviously weaker than the absorption of the 10th, not as excruciating as before.

After successfully absorbing the 11th, indeed, its law comprehension and unleashing all had risen.

the 12th…

13th…

14th…

15th…

Ah, no more.

“No more, I have no more crystals. They’ve all been absorbed!”

“I need more crystals!”

“I need more, the more the merrier!”

The golden horned beast raised its head and howled. The black clothed Luo Feng too clenched his fists, and the Luo feng outside in the huge pit quarters frowned, “Blood river crystals, I need large amounts of it. But, where do I get them?”


Chapter 525: Hunting Plan

Huge Pit quarters, Luo Feng who was dressed in the bronze armor sat on the stone chair and pondered.

“Qi Niu has blood river crystals. Even though I can get as many as I want, normal warriors can only absorb so many. Hence, the number of crystals he has definitely has a limit, and I am afraid I can at most get 1 or 2 more from him.” Luo Feng shook his head. That’s definitely not enough.

“Then…” He squinted, “There’s only one way.”

Sou!

A blur rushed into the cloud levels, rushing straight into the 18th level. It was Mosha Luo Feng, and beside him a silver white pyramid appeared. He followed the cabin door into the ship.

Control room.

“Luo Feng, what are you doing?” Babata’s voice resounded in the control room, “Why are you using the Mosha clansmen?”

A black armored Mosha Luo Feng sat in the wide comfortable sofa, revealing a smile. “Babata, don’t worry, I’m using the Mosha for the crystals…” He swiftly repeated the story of the golden horned beast and the crystals, also telling him the aim of all this.

“So absorbing 15 alone isn’t enough? Absorbing 10 alone is that heavenly, so what would happen if you continued on?” Babata was extremely excited.

“Hm.” Mosha Luo Feng nodded, “Hence, I’ll be placing you, the cloud contact vine and all important treasures on the Mosha body, including the life core…within this body. Right now the only thing left in that huge pit quarters is my earth human body. Even if it meets a tragedy and dies, its nothing.”

As long as the core was undamaged, even after the 3 bodies are destroyed, they could be regenerated.

“What you are doing makes sense, leaving the core in the Mosha body. In terms of survival…the Mosha body with this automaton ship is indeed much safer.” Babata admitted, “What are you preparing to do now?”

“Hunt!”

Mosha Luo Feng revealed a smile, “Blood river continent is endless, with many different worlds, every one of them controlled by sector lords. And the world cities here go up to the tens of millions…the number of sector lords too should be that many. As for the number of domain lords, it’s a hundred times that of the sector lords, even more shocking.”

Blood river continent favors the strong, and all these worlds within, all contest each other.”

“Everyday large amounts of humans die, every year many domain lords die.”

“What I need to do is to secretly hunt a few domain lords.”

“I won’t kill too many either. Since there are tens of millions of worlds in this continent…with thousands of places controlled in each world, I just have to kill 1 domain lord each! Hunting close to ten thousand domain lords all over the entire continent wouldn’t even be anything.” Mosha Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with excitement. “From one domain lord, I can on average get one crystal. This way, I can get close to ten thousand blood river crystals!”

“I believe that this is possible!”

“This close to 10,000 crystals will be enough.” Mosha Luo feng said softly.

“Haha..vicious! Close to 10,000? Haha, then do it. This is too thrilling. Hurry and leave…use your universe’s strongest assassination clan power.” Babata too had been infected by the excitement from Luo Feng’s explanation.

Hunt! With the entire Blood River continent’s countless worlds as his target…

Secretly hunting, undetectable!

“Let’s go!” Mosha Luo Feng ordered.

Sou!

The automaton ship resembled a meteorite and swiftly flew in the space outside the world.

Blood River continent, Tianyu city, this was an ancient city more than 1 billion km away from the edges of the ancient god ruins.

Tianyu city leader’s mansion, walkway outside the entrance.

“You dare to challenge me within my own territory? You are looking for death! Even if you regret it now, It’s too late!” The green skinned man with cold eyes, dressed in armor sat high on a 10m tall grasshopper beast. He gazed down and ordered, “Give the order, bring that Mozhi family leader here!”

“City leader, that little Mozhi punk is very arrogant. He keeps butting heads with you my lord, he should die! However the Mozhi family is huge. Hence, it’s hard not to have a proud disciple, there’s no need…” Beside, a cloud level general in armor said respectfully.

Pa!

A blur crashed straight into that general knocking him backwards into a large hotel construct behind, making the entire building explode and crumble with rubble flying far into the distance and hitting heads of passerbys. Some were simply killed on the spot. Immediately there was chaos in the streets.

Sou! From the crumbled building a silhouette flew out. It was the pale general who was spitting out blood. He knelt down respectfully, “City leader, I’m wrong, I know my mistake.”

“Remember!”

“Tianyu territory is my territory!” The cold gaze of the man swept below. “Whoever I say should die, should die! If you dare question me again…it won’t simply be this whip.”

“Understood, understood.” The general was extremely terrified.

“Go, and destroy the entire Mozhi family. If he has to blame someone, then he can blame that punk. My mood was good today, but it was completely destroyed by that little punk. He should take a look at himself first. Something so insignificant, yet he dares to provoke me…I’ll destroy their entire family. It is as simple as killing a little bug.” The man sat on his grasshopper, ordering the group below him before entering his city leader’s mansion.

And that general had just stood up.

“General.” The rest looked at him.

“What are you staring at, hurry and gather the army. We’ll go raze the Mozhi family to the ground!” The general shouted.

“Yes!”

“The Mozhi family in this Tianyu city ranks at least in the top 10 families. Just because of that one little punk offending the city leader, they are finished. What a pity.”

“How did that Mo Chong youth offend the city leader?”

“I don’t know.”

“I heard the city leader dressed up as a normal person and brought two guards along the west Jiuya tower. I don’t know what went on with him and master Mo Chong, they just clashed. And the young master has always been arrogant…today, it was his bad luck that he met the city leader. With his order, the entire Mozhi family is over.”

“Pity, pity.”

“Pity my ass, the city leader isn’t a good person. That Mo Chong is also a bastard. It’s better that more of them die.”

A large group of people gathered in the distance were discussing. Amongst them, Luo Feng who was dressed in a casual black long robe,stood and listened. While revealing a smile, he muttered “I didn’t expect to see such a good show here in Tianyu city. Hm…city leader? That brutality, I hope I get more crystals from you.”

Hu!

The black clothed Luo Feng disappeared without a trace amongst the crowd, invading the city leader’s mansion.

……

Within the city leader’s mansion, this was a 7 storey luxurious palace.

A cold looking man was lying in a 10m long huge bed. Two beautiful scaled woman with scales on their foreheads were massaging him

“Lighter, lighter. Right, like that.”

The man had his eyes closed, ordering them.

“City leader, my sister and I spotted a piece of clothing at the Colored clothes pavilion.”

“Buy whatever you see, just buy them. Just settle whatever the amount is with the management in the mansion.” The cold eyed man said casually.

“Thank you city leader.” The two young ladies said excitedly.

The man’s lips however curled into a smile. Holding such power, such control over people’s lives, the feeling of making countless people beg before him…it was simply too wonderful a feeling. “My senior sure was stupid, training so hard just to become a world city leader. Is there even a need? I’m living it up…haha, city world leader? Is it so easy to reach there?”

“Life.”

“Should be this way!”

Pu Chi!

Three blood colored flashes, the cold eyed man stared in shock. Beside his luxurious huge bed stood a black clothed man, in his hands he wielded a blade and stared coldly at him.

“I’m, I’m dead? How, how can this…” The man felt his life core shatter within. Even though he was shocked, he was still staring, simultaneously his consciousness dissipated.

His life of extravagance had ended.

“How rotten.” The black clothed Luo Feng stood beside the bed. He was looking at the three bare naked bodies, his eyes cold, “Leading such a rotten life and he managed to become a domain lord, that’s simply pure luck. Or should I say…it’s because of his background? The bigger the background, the more I like. The bigger they are, the more crystal they may potentially have.”

He swiftly acquired the space ring from that city leader.

“Hm?”

“Two crystals?” Luo Feng smiled, “Not bad, it’s a good start.”

After which, he waved his hand and the three bodies, including that huge bed were all kept in his space ring. He was prepared to destroy all evidence.

Shua!

Black clothed Luo Feng was like a mirage, immediately leaving the mansion and rushing into the skies straight through to the 18th cloud level. After which, he sat in the automaton ship, flying in the space above Blood River continent.

……

Kill one person and change the location immediately.

He was absolutely cautious!

With the competition and killing between each sides of the worlds, wars often erupted. And in these messy situations, a domain lord dying occasionally was a normal thing! And sometimes when the domain lords are killed, their underlings don’t even know…thinking they might have gone somewhere to train.

……

In space, in a side chamber of the palace, the one in charge of surveillance over the entire Blood River continent.

“Ah?”

“What is his majesty Luo Feng doing. Why is he always in that automaton ship, flying all over. Entering for a while and coming out again.”

“How is that a while, it’s normally a couple of days each.”

“However this frequency is too high.”

“Just what is he doing?”

The group of sector lords in charge of surveillance were all curious, because they didn’t understand just what Luo Feng was doing.

As Mosha Luo Feng was hunting, within the huge pit quarters of the ancient god ruins.

Luo Feng dressed in the bronze armor sat there eyes closed.

“This speed is quite fast. On average I get one crystal everyday.”

“The hunting plan till now, has already lasted for half a year.”

“Including last night’s haul, that should be 98 crystals.” Luo Feng smiled and opened his eyes. “Hm, another two more, that makes it a hundred.”


Chapter 526: Absorption

Even though he was in the ancient god ruins, Luo Feng was very relaxed.

As his core was within the Mosha body, along with the living AI Babata and the other important things, his earth human body here had nothing to worry about.

“Even if I’m killed, I’d just have to waste some energy from the internal world to regenerate.” Luo Feng closed his eyes. His consciousness was connected to the virtual universe via the quantum computer within his space ring. “In a while, there’ll be a space origin law class. I can’t miss that.”

In a quiet and vast city more than a trillion km away.

Within the city leader’s three story mansion, a man lay in his armor in the training room, and the black clothed Luo Feng stood beside him.

“With these two blood river crystals, it’ll make my total haul since I left the ancient god ruins 100 already.” Black clothed Luo Feng immediately waved his hand and destroyed all the evidence. After which, he left without a trace and rushed into the sky, sitting in his automaton ship and flying in space above.

……

Within the control room of the automaton ship.

Black clothed Luo Feng sat in his sofa and laughed lightly, “External simulation 100%.”

Immediately the scenery about changed. A wild and incredibly beautiful dream like space image, below were the cloud levels of Blood River continent.

“Luo Feng, the previous two times you absorbed 30 crystals each. How many are you prepared for this time?” The lights beside had formed an image of Babata, the little demon smiled happily as he looked at Luo Feng.

“I have prepare 25 for absorption!” The black clothed Luo Feng said.

“Ah…”In the ancient god ruins, the golden horned beast absorbed 15. Plus the 30 crystals it had absorbed twice before. Right now it has absorbed a total of 75 crystals. Plus the 25 today, it’ll make a perfect 100.” The little demon Babata laughed weirdly, “That intense pain, can you take it?”

Black clothed Luo Feng frowned.

Pain?

Right.

Back then during the 10th crystal, it was so painful, even the golden horned beast couldn’t help but crash about. At that same time, the other two bodies too suffered intense pain, enough to make one’s soul leap out.

The 11th crystal however, didn’t hurt as much and was in fact much weaker than the 10th.

However, as more crystals were absorbed, the pain continued to rise gradually, until when he hit the 72nd. The level of pain was comparable to the absorption of the 10th crystal back then. Luo Feng fought with all his might before, getting past until the 75th, however his entire being was in a complete daze.

“Today, will be number 76 to 100. I guess the pain will exceed the previous few times.” The little demon warned, “If you cannot take it, we can split them into a few days.”

“No problem!”

Black clothed Luo Feng’s eyes were focused, “This little pain, if I can’t even take this, how can I even think of becoming undying?”

“This isn’t just a little pain. If your willpower wasn’t strong, your soul would have long crumbled.” Babata warned.

“I’ve never heard of one’s soul crumbling from absorbing blood river crystals.” Black clothed Luo Feng said softly, “If I can’t take it, I will probably end up fainting. At that point, the absorption will stop, and there will no longer by any danger. And Babata, I have a feeling that when I absorb the 100th crystal…a miracle will happen.”

Black clothed Luo Feng’s eyes had a hint of anticipation. “Let’s begin!”

Shua!

Within the ship, only a core was left. At this point, black clothed Luo Feng had entered his internal world.

……

Internal world.

The golden horned beast which was like a black mountain range slowly got up. Beside it, the black clothed Luo Feng suddenly appeared.

Hu! A heavenly pillar like right claw was extended and placed before Luo Feng.

“Number 76!” Black clothed Luo Feng took out a triangular blood red crystal and placed it on the scaled palm. It used its claw to slice through and the absorption began…

“Ah!”

Black clothed Luo Feng gripped his fists and gritted his teeth. He stood there and trembled slightly.

“Howl!!!” The golden horned beast rushed into the sky in pain. The two huge cloudlike scaled wings flapped madly, dancing about in the vast metal continent. It occasionally crashed into metal mountains, venting out as it suffered intense pain. After this went on for awhile, it finally stopped.

“Hu.”

“Still ok, it felt a bit better than absorbing 30 consecutively before. Looks like my willpower has been trained and developed more.” Black clothed Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief and released his grip.

The golden horned beast landed and lifted its right claw, triggering the mysterious energy. Immediately the claw changed from a pure black to a pale gold color. The fully armored black golden horned beast was mostly black in color, even its 4 horns only looked gold because of the many golden engravings that lit up.

In truth it was a mix of black and gold.

Only this right claw was completely pale gold, and it held within endless power! And on this right claw was an incomparably beautiful engraving. It’s complexity, compared to the entire body’s gold engravings…it didn’t have too much of a difference.

However even normal people, they would still feel that the complexity and overall look of this blood red engraving was somewhat lacking.

It had yet to be completed.

“Looking at how complete this engraving is, I feel that only after absorbing the 100th will it be complete.” Black clothed Luo Feng stared at the blood red engraving on the right claw.

After absorbing three crystals, the blood red engraving was simple, yet complete.

After the 10th, it was a lot more complex, once again forming a complete picture.

And right now after 76 crystals…

“On to the 77th!” Black clothed Luo Feng placed another crystal into the right palm.

……

78, 79, 80…

The further he got, the change in the right claw caused such pain that it made the golden horned beast feel like it was dying. However in its bones was a powerful and solid rock like willpower, allowing Luo Feng to bear with it over and over.

Pain!

Intense pain!

……

86, 87, 88…

Ancient god ruins, training room of the huge pit quarters.

Luo Feng’s entire body was kneeling in the room. Dressed in his bronze armor, his 10 fingers were like hooks fiercely gripping the stone ground, gripping and reducing the stone to dust. He grit his teeth, crackles could be heard from his teeth, his face was flushed, veins popping out, perspiring profusely from all over, the whole ground was wet.

“Ke chi, ke chi, Pa! Pa! Pa! Spit!” Luo Feng spit fiercely. Two broken teeth flew out of his mouth.

“I…Damn!!!”

“Pain.”

“So much pain.”

Luo Feng’s entire body was trembling. Sweat flowed out from the seams of the armor, and his skin felt like almost as though it had been steamed. That intense pain that boiled down to even his soul had affected his entire body.

“Hu!”

“Hu!” Luo Feng violently lay on the ground. His entire being almost paralyzed, breathing and gasping hard, breath after breath.

“My god, I finally made it.”

“I feel like I’ve died over tens of thousands of times. With the virtual universe 100% simulation, the pain too can be simulated. However the pain of death, isn’t even a fraction of this pain.” Luo feng was completely sprawled on the floor. His earth body alone was in such pain, and as the primary body of the right claw absorption, just how much pain did the golden horned beast have to endure?

One had to know that this level of pain entered into its soul via the golden horned beast’s body.

The pain the golden horned beast felt was the most intense…

“This is only the 90th, how will I continue?” Luo Feng couldn’t imagine, the pain he endured before was already the most terrifying pain he had ever endured in his entire life. So much so that his consciousness was about to crumble, almost triggering his auto defense mechanisms.

Fainting was a form of natural self preservation.

However Luo Feng was very clear about the fact that the moment he fainted, it would mean the failure of the absorption of the crystal.

……

More than a trillion km away in space, within the automaton control room, the crystal core was floating and revolving.

Internal world.

“91st!” Black clothed Luo Feng took a deep breath and placed another crystal in the palm of the golden horned beast’s right claw. The huge beast, which was larger than even rivers, looked down at the crystal with its dark golden eyes. There was a sense of fear in them, it…was simply too painful.

Chi!

After slashing a wound, fresh blood seeped out and the absorption of the 91st crystal began.

“Kill!”

“Kill, kill!”

The incomparably mad killing aura completely swarmed over Luo Feng’s willpower. Every crystal absorption’s killing intent willpower was stronger than the previous, and at this 91st crystal…the killing aura seemed comparable even to the aura whirlpool where it was 8 times the normal aura.

Maybe even stronger than that!

“My heart is like a mirror, don’t think of affecting me, get out!” Luo Feng’s willpower raged, madly defending time and again against the effects. He was finally able to get the killing aura willpower to back off.

“I’ve finally made it past the killing aura willpower.”

Actually at this point, it wasn’t simply just the pain from evolving the right claw that was unbearable, even the killing aura willpower…that alone was very hard for Luo Feng to fight and defend against.

However.

Defending against the killing aura willpower compared to the pain of evolution was different.

Against the killing aura willpower, defending was simply defending. Hence, the failure was simply a failure. No pain, no consequence!

However that pain continued on, wave after wave…until the entire right claw had evolved. Only then would the terrifying pain cease.

“Damn, it’s here again!”

Black clothed Luo Feng’s body was trembling. He was kneeling on the ground, with his hands on the metal ground, gritting his teeth hard.

“Howl!!!” The golden horned beast madly howled to vent.

……

The 91st was like wave after wave of killer nightmares, it finally got past it.

“92nd!”

If one wished to succeed, he had to be hard on himself!

Luo Feng continued to allow the golden horned beast to absorb the 92nd crystal, the killing aura willpower from this crystal…was simply too much. Luo Feng fought hard to control his willpower, making it incomparably solid and sturdy. He was struggling against it even though it felt like it was about to crumble.

Finally, the terrifying willpower backed off.

However what followed closely was the even more terrifying intense pain…

……

“Why do I feel.” Black clothed Luo Feng picked up the 93rd crystal and said softly, “That it would be extremely hard to reach the 100th crystal.”

“Continue!”

When the 93rd crystal made contact with the wound in its right palm, an even more intense torrent of killing aura willpower rushed against Luo Feng’s willpower. It was vast and endless, every wave was stronger than before. Luo Feng barely defended against it wave after wave.

“Rumble!” Luo Feng felt his consciousness drift, after which, the three bodies all fainted.

The killing aura willpower had broken past his defense, swiftly returning back into the crystal.

Absorption of the 93rd blood river crystal was a failure!


Chapter 527: 30 years later

While in a daze, the killing aura willpower finally backed out, and Luo Feng quickly regained his consciousness.

“I failed, I actually failed.” Black clothed Luo Feng frowned. “I knew that getting to the 100th would be extremely difficult, but I didn’t expect to fail at the 93rd.”

“That killing aura willpower was simply too powerful, and the pain was so intense. All of this shows one thing…my willpower is still not strong enough.”

Luo Feng was extremely wrong.

Willpower not strong enough?

Even an absolute genius of a trillion years from the undying shrine, blood god Baqi, who could become undying in a short time if he wanted to, his willpower paled in comparison to Luo Feng’s! Many sector lord pinnacles were far behind him as well. Hence…in terms of willpower, Luo Feng was indeed very strong.

The true reason was…

Just how many people had even absorbed up to 93 blood river crystals? Absorbing 10 on blood river continent alone would make one the legendary black warrior. Every extra absorption had 10 times more the requirements on the body in many different aspects. To absorb 93 crystals? That was simply unrealistic.

93 blood river crystals would have an ever increasing killing aura willpower. It was absurdly insane!

“The right claw cannot absorb anymore. But, what about the other parts of the golden horned beast?” The golden horned beast grabbed the crystal, placing it in its left claw, slashing through the scales, fresh blood seeped out.

Rumble!

The formless energy rushed into its body, simultaneously gathering the rest of the killing aura willpower from before within and swiftly coursed through. The energy clashed immediately into Luo Feng’s willpower within the golden horned beast.

“Rumble!

“How can this be? It actually melded with the willpower from before to be even stronger?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Kill!”

“Kill!” The mad killing aura willpower once again rushed in. Luo Feng fought hard against it, condensing his willpower like a stone, struggling to defend against it. However, even though it was rock solid…under the rush of the endless aura, it was still reduced to ashes.

Once again he lost consciousness.

That formless energy returned into the crystal and Luo Feng regained consciousness.

Within the control room of the automaton ship.

The crystal ball was revolving. On it’s surface gold engravings glimmered with gold light. Suddenly in place of the crystal, black clothed Luo Feng appeared!

“I actually failed.” Black clothed Luo Feng sat in the sofa and looked ahead into the vast space.

“How did it go Luo Feng?” Beside, the energy image of the demon, Babata asked.

Black clothed Luo Feng explained what happened during the process.

“Ah, that’s expected. There probably hasn’t been anything in the history of Blood River continent about absorbing 93 crystals. Even the highest level 4 Qi Niu beast only managed a little over 10.” Demon Babata smiled. “Luo Feng, don’t worry too much. As your will power gets stronger, you’ll be able to absorb them in the future.”

“I don’t care about this.” Luo Feng frowned. “The only thing is the rest of the golden horned beast is unable to absorb the crystals.”

“It’s because you are unable to withstand the kill aura willpower.” Demon Babata too sat on the sofa beside him, crossing his legs and looking a the vast space ahead. “The energy within the crystal is capable of altering one’s body, its range is limited. However the killing aura willpower is different…it’s a willpower that is able to spread to any part of the entire body.”

“When you wanted to let its left claw absorb the crystal, that willpower would directly connect throughout its body and attack you.”

Black clothed Luo Feng nodded.

He understood the theory.

Every absorption had an increase in the killing aura willpower. Even if used at different parts of the body…the willpower would still increase.

“Luckily, all the blood river crystals I had before, I decided to place all of them in the right claw.” Luo Feng thought. The golden horned beast’s right claw was now his trump card, since it was extremely terrifying. If he had dispersed the crystals all over the body from the start, then every body part would have been altered about 7 or 8 times.

However that way…

The amount of power raised was limited. It was better to simply make one very terrifying right claw.

“I cannot be too greedy, as this has already been such a windfall for me. Since, I am still constantly training my willpower, I believe there’ll be a day I can absorb the 100th crystal. I have a feeling that once I absorb that 100th crystal, the incomparably complex blood red engraving will be perfected by then. It should have some special properties as well by then.” Luo Feng thought.

“Continue!”

“Three great bodies, and all of them are training in their own ways.” Luo Feng quickly recollected his thoughts.

……

There were two missions for this Blood River world. The 1st was to acquire one blood river crystal, and completing that would give him a reward of 10k points. The 2nd was to become a blood warrior and acquire the blood river medal. The reward for this was 100k points. Even though this was the case…acquiring large amounts of crystals wouldn’t get more points.

However, these crystals were unique only to Blood River world, as it was a special product of this Blood River world!

And even though there were plenty of it in this world, almost all the domain lords had most of them. Some universe level elites had a few of them too, however…they were still extremely valuable.

“Since I can, I will get as many as possible. These Blood River crystals, should be worth a lot.”

……

Mosha Luo Feng continued on his hunting trip.

Of course he spent most of his time rushing around to find these crystals, and the true hunting time itself was very short. Hence, other than hunting…the Mosha Luo feng would be in the automaton ship in the internal world, studying and training in the floating blood manual, time space scribbles and studying the 9 universe tablet, the drizzle picture.

……

The golden horned beast was training Tearing Sky and Land with the three ancient pictures.

It’s right claw’s power was shocking, since it connected directly to the universe origin laws, causing its power to amplify about 9 times. This meant that, when using the right claw versus not using it, the golden horned beast’s strength had a difference of almost 10 times! Its body alone was already incomparably intrepid and powerful, but 10 times the strength on top of that? This was however a miracle Afterall, absorbing 92 crystals was an extremely absurd thing to do.

The power of the right claw was shocking, hence the it was training with the three ancient pictures…

Luo Feng emphasized on the three pictures!

The 1st was the beast’s flight, waving its tail and dispersing the huge hand in the sky.

The 2nd was it lowering its head and looking ahead, piercing forward while flying.

The 3rd was it waving its claws, attacking brutally.

“The golden horned beast’s right claw was originally very strong. After combined with this attack…and it studying Tearing Sky and land, 80% of its attention was spent to study the 1st claw of Tearing sky!” Luo Feng had long prepared to use this 1st claw technique as his true killing technique.

Since the right claw was extremely strong, naturally he had to focus on claw attacks.

Strong combinations, that meant more power!

The 1st claw of Tearing Sky…the golden horned beast began its tedious and mad training. It was studying the techniques left behind by its ancestors, and searching for the grace of that ancient beast’s claw technique, while constantly increasing the strength of Tearing Sky’s 1st claw.

……

The earth body would frequent the undying lessons, occasionally studying gold and space combination, simultaneously spending long periods of time in the killing aura to alter his body.

……

Of course, all three bodies were in training!

The golden horned beast would occasionally try to absorb the blood river crystal, so that it could feel the rush of the killing aura willpower and withstanding it to train itself further!

The Mosha was training via slaughter!

The earth body was training his mind and heart from teachings of his two brothers Hong and Thunder god, while occasionally meeting them in the virtual universe and chatting. With the both of them reaching the pinnacle of chinese martial arts and indian yoga, Luo feng would get some inspiration occasionally.

……

Studying the origin laws, wonders, training his mind and heart.

In the long passages of time, Luo Feng constantly improved himself.

In a flash, 30 years had gone by.

In the vast Blood River continent, in a particular territory city leader’s mansion, it was day time.

“You actually dare attack me, you must be looking to die!” A fierce roar like the rage of a god resounded throughout the skies of the city. A black silhouette rushed into the skies straight into the cloud levels, it was the black clothed Luo Feng.

“Damn, there actually was a sector lord here.”

Black clothed Luo Feng’s speed was shocking.

“You dare to attack me and wish to flee!” The voice rumbled straight into his ears, simultaneously a formless world energy pressure immediately poured over.

Sou!

A white pyramid appeared before Luo Feng and he flew straight in. The golden robed middle aged man chasing behind saw the silver white pyramid, staring wide eyed, “It’s the outsiders!” He quickly chased and simultaneously used his world energy to pressure the automaton ship. However, the ship’s speed was simply too fast, it rushed straight through the 18 cloud levels.

The golden robed middle aged man stood at the 18th level and looked up through the clouds, not daring to follow.

“It’s actually an outsider!” The man’s face was perplexed, “I have to inform the undying shrine, another outsider has descended into our Blood River continent.”

……

The automaton ship was in space.

Control room.

“That was too risky.” Black clothed Luo feng sat in the sofa and let out a sigh of relief. “I didn’t expect a sector lord to be hiding in the city. Since he didn’t release his energy at all and I had no way to detect him…however his movement and use of the universe space made me feel his presence.”

“Lucky I fled quickly.”

The mosha clansman could unleash over 10,000 images, making his instantaneous speed terrifying. This was even faster than many sector lords.

Fast, but this speed was mostly used just at the start for a quick burst.

The moment a sector lord’s speed truly took off, he would quickly catch up. Hence he used that outburst to create some distance and after which enter the automaton ship to escape.

“Walking along the river for so long, how can one’s shoes not get wet.” Luo Feng softly muttered. “After this incident, that sector lord would definitely inform the undying shrine…the shrine would probably begin to discover small patterns and traces, maybe even my entire plan! Hm, anyway, I’ve acquired enough over these 30 years, it’s time to stop.”

During these 30 years, Mosha Luo Feng’s hunt had given him a total of 9,816 blood river crystals!

Luo Feng felt…

It was savage enough, it was time to stop.


Chapter 528: Three Levels of Mental States

Virtual universe, Black Dragon mountain island, close to the river by 9 star bay, three people sat there.

A tall and sturdy youth with short hair was dressed in casual clothing, yet his energy felt like a pike ready to pierce forward at anytime. On his left was a clean white robed bald youth who was smiling. His smile was so pure, it made one’s soul get drawn in.

Beside these two sat a skinnier youth. His killing aura was heavy, his entire being seemed to have been drenched in a bloody river of cold massacre, that aura was terrifying.

“Thirdie, your mental state is really hitting the limit.” The bald youth shook his head and smiled.

“Second brother, in terms of mental state, I cannot compare to you. I cannot breakthrough for now. The only thing I can do is push my limits, that way at least I’ll improve.” Luo Feng smiled. He could feel it himself. In reality, as he was spending long periods of time in the ancient god ruins of Blood River world, he was influenced for tens of years by the killing aura.

He was originally ice cold within his bones. But now with the invasion of the killing aura, and with the golden horned beast absorbing so many blood river crystals, even within the virtual universe Luo Feng emitted a powerful killing aura.

“Pushing your limits is after all still a small path.” Thunder god shook his head.

“Second brother.” Hong sat and smiled, “You don’t have to force third brother. In terms of mental state training…he’s also exceptional! To be able to train his mental state to such a level, where he is not affected by dust or poison is great. Absolute purity, absolute rejection, and absolute coagulation…this form of absoluteness is also a growth in mental state.”

Thunder god was shocked, nodding, he asked curiously, “Big brother, but this is still after all..”

“Hm.” Hong looked at Luo Feng, “Third brother.”

“Big brother.” Luo Feng smiled at Hong.

“Your second brother and I have been giving you many pointers on mental training. However this…is different from other training. It’s a form of release in spirit.” Hong looked at Luo Feng. Many mysteries before may have been explained, today I’ll depict it for you from the highest levels.”

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Heart? What is heart?”

“Mental state, just what is that?” Hong smiled. From a warrior’s training point of view, the heart is actually willpower!”

“Your willpower strength is already exceptional.” Hong said. “However…overall, from an overall look, you are still only on the 1st level of the three great mental states.”

“1st level?” Luo Feng was shocked, “Three great mental states?”

“This is my summary.” Hong smiled, “In our chinese ancient culture, we’ve always emphasized on the training of ones mental state. There are all sorts of tests for the heart, by training in them, these will all be directed at one’s heart, and will be able to see one’s heart clearly. The body is the wisdom tree. Your heart is the stand of the bright mirror. You must frequently wipe it. Don’t let it become dusty. It actually refers to looking at oneself and understanding.”

Luo Feng frowned.

“Right now, your heart is like a mirror, not affected by dust. Your heart is like a blade, slicing through obstacles. It’s already considered having seen yourself and understood it, reaching a very high level.” Hong exclaimed. Now, you continue to train your heart, making your willpower stronger! However, no matter how much you train, you are still only on the 1st level.”

“What’s the 2nd level?” Luo Feng asked.

“Simply put…man and nature as one!” Hong pointed at Thunder god beside, “Your second brother is considered to be at the 2nd level.”

“What’s man and nature as one?” Luo Feng asked.

“Man and nature as one refers to the perfect mental state.” Hong smiled, “What do I mean by perfect? When one’s Yin and Yang are fully melded and are complementing each other. As for how? Your current path…chasing limits, that’s simply pushing it! Simply pushing your limits may strengthen yourself. However only when the Yin and Yang are working together will it be perfect.”

Just like a man in this world, when he feels harmony, he’ll be sturdy and flexible depending on whichever the situation requires!”

“This mental state is as such too. When it’s time to be like a blade, or when it’s time to train. And when it’s time to be gentle like water, the water always flows around the blade! In terms of defense, the water is even more solid than a shield, hence it’s more powerful.” Hong smiled. “The harmony of Yin and Yang, man and nature, mental state harmony. Of course this is a very high level of perfection…and is that of a pure and innocent heart! In theory it’s already the pinnacle. Your brother is as such.”

Luo Feng held his breath as he listened, asking, “Heart like a blade, I understand. But how do I make my heart like water?”

“I’ll explain the theory but the state itself is hard to explain.” Hong smiled and shook his head.

That…1st level refers to one’s heart and understanding it, and to be able to see through the rubble. The 2nd is the harmony of Yin and Yang, man and nature, heart of pureness, perfect mental state.” Luo Feng asked, “In theory the 2nd state is the pinnacle already, then what about the 3rd?”

Thunder god beside him smiled, “The 3rd level, your big brother has begun to barely perceive it.”

“The 3rd.”

Hong said softly, “Is what I’ve just begun to touch. Heart is void and vast, heart is endless. Heart, encompassing everything.”

“What do you mean?” Luo Feng asked.

“It’s hard to explain.” Hong smiled, “How about this. If the 2nd is the harmony of yin and Yang, man and nature as one, melding perfectly with everything around. Then the 3rd…is the heart being endless and vast, encompassing everything, including the endless universe, everything. Anything with a will can be encompassed, whether its slaughter, material wealth and goals, appreciation of beauty, lust for power, everything.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

Everything could be encompassed.

“If one can achieve this state, even facing against an incredibly powerful opponent, life form, all willpower…cannot affect me.” Hong smiled.

“Damn, that’s sick.” Luo Feng stared.

“Sick right?” The white baldy Thunder god smiled. “Man and nature as one, heart of pureness. Whether it’s yoga or chinese ancient culture, these are all the pinnacle. However your brother’s level…in ancient chinese culture it has be mentioned before but never reached. Hence, no one really knows.”

Luo Feng looked at Hong, filled with even more admiration.

Three great mental states.

1st level, Seeing through and understanding yourself. In many Buddhist teachings and paths, this was already progress.

The 2nd level, man and nature as one, heart of pureness. This was in theory the pinnacle.

3rd level, heart vast and endless, encompassing everything. This was unbelievable.

“Big brother, how do you reach this 3rd level?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask. “The 2nd state, I can barely touch it, however I can’t fully comprehend it.”

Mental state training all relied on the heart.

Luo Feng’s understanding of his self had reached a limit. Indeed he only had a small understanding of the harmony between Yin and Yang.

“Its hard to explain, I’ve only managed to get some ideas from looking at some books.” Hong smiled, “There’s a saying…Emptiness is the strongest. Another one also says that only when one doesn’t contest will he be able to contest everything. Actually, I’ve studied many theories from the ancient chinese culture. These 2 sayings… are considered to have sparked my reaching of this level.”

“Emptiness is the strongest. Only when one doesn’t contest will he be able to contest everything?” Luo Feng frowned. “The logic is simple and I understand it. But what you mean is…”

“The chinese culture is bright, with countless exceptional people in history being able to reach man and nature as one, with hearts of pureness, these are all ancient history. Reach the 2nd level first.” Hong smiled, “Ah, let me see. These should be helpful for you. Read these few chinese culture books, it may help.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, suddenly he felt something stir within, “Mosha clansman is here!”

The Mosha clansman sat in the automaton ship. It had been flying close to light speed in the space above Blood River world for a few months already, and finally arrived.

Blood River cloud levels, a faint silhouette immediately passed through 1,000km and landed beside the huge pit quarters, with a flash it went in.

……

Huge Pit quarters.

Luo Feng who was dressed in the bronze armor got up on his hind legs. Looking at the entrance of the cave, a black silhouette appeared, it was Mosha Luo Feng.

“10 blood river crystals.” Mosha Luo Feng casually placed the 10 crystals and left again, passing through the 18 cloud levels and into the automaton ship which was floating in the space above. For safety reasons…he let the Mosha body take the internal core into space, at least it was very safe.

Within the huge pit quarters.

“I finally have blood river crystals.” Luo Feng collected the 10 crystals and revealed a helpless smile. “The last time I let the golden horned beast absorb everything until there was none left for my earth body.”

30 years.

A total of 30 years had passed, during which he was constantly absorbing the killing aura and changing his body, yet he hadn’t tried absorbing the crystals.

“Let’s try and see if I can absorb the 3rd one.” Luo Feng took out a crystal. It had been long since he absorbed the 2nd…30 years later, now he was trying the 3rd.

Chi!

He cut his palm and placed the crystal on the would, the killing aura willpower clashed against his willpower.

“Compared to the golden horned beast’s absorption, this little willpower is simply pathetic.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but exclaim, following which he felt intense pain. His body began to evolve… however compared to the successful absorption of the 91st and 92nd crystals, this 3rd one couldn’t be considered anything.

The blood energy continued to pour through his body…

The blood river crystal became more and more transparent.

“Pa!”

The sound of bones breaking occurred from his chest.

“I actually failed.” Luo Feng looked at the close to transparent blood river crystal. Large amounts of blood energy was returning back, making it revert to its original state, he was helpless.

“Indeed the more I absorb the harder it gets. I only stayed in the ancient god ruins for 2 years before and I managed to absorb the 2nd. However now after 30 years, I am still unable to absorb the 3rd.” Luo Feng shook his head, “The golden horned beast’s body, looks like the body structure and composition is indeed much more perfect than a human body, at least in certain aspects, it’s much superior.”

Even though he failed, Luo Feng wasn’t troubled at all. In fact, he was anticipating, “From the looks of it, there’s still hope for me to absorb the 3rd crystal. I have to become a blood warrior, acquire the blood river medal and return to receive my 100k points reward.”


Chapter 529: Killing Aura Whirlpool

Even though his earth body failed to absorb the 3rd crystal, he wasn’t affected by it at all, instead he continued his training.

Under the killing aura environment of the ancient god ruins, even though it was for the sake of absorbing the crystals…Luo Feng’s main attention was still spent on studying the 9 universe tablet Drizzle picture. He had completely comprehended the first 9 wonders. As for the middle 27, every one of them was much more profound.

It had been over 32 years since he arrived in Blood River continent. Even though his improvement was huge, his true comprehension of the wonders was still very little.

“The blood river crystals are but supplementary assistance.”

“As for my mental state, I can’t see or even touch it. The origin laws are the most important.”

“These 30 years, the golden horned beast had combined the 3 ancient pictures and studied Tearing Sky and Land. Its improvement in the gold origin laws far exceeded the mosha clan’s improvement. Luo Feng sat crossed legged in his stone bed. “Hm, I’ll focus my attention of studying the drizzle picture too.”

Time and Space, these were the hardest to comprehend.

His earth body’s weapon the Nan Shen Armament was a combination of gold and space. His improvement in gold was very fast, so much so that space couldn’t keep up, resulting in him using both the mosha body and himself to study space together.

……

The universe was vast and endless, and in it, tens of years was simply nothing.

For some ancient beings, just a blink of their eyes and it would have been trillions of years.

In the blink of an eye, Luo Feng had been in the Blood River continent for over 80 years.

Virtual universe, Thunder island.

A graceful lady in jade green armor stood at the edges of the island along a 10 li reef. Ahead of it were large amounts of revolving lightning snakes. Suddenly a silhouette shot over from the distance, landing on the huge reef, it was the golden armored apeman True Yan Emperor.

“Jade, you are looking for me?” True Yan smiled.

The Jade green armored lady turned to look, she was Jade emperor.

“Hm.” Jade nodded.

“What’s the matter?” True Yan smiled and asked.

“Its regarding your disciple Luo Feng.” Jade said, her voice clean and clear.

“Ah?” True Yan was shocked, “Why are you concerned with my disciple. My disciple is only at universe level. He hasn’t truly headed out to explore…his condition now, you should know it the best.”

Jade shook her head, “It seems clear, yet at the same time, it’s not clear at all.”

“Speak directly.” True Yan said.

“To be honest, “Jade smiled, “This Luo Feng’s improvement has been noticed by all of the management level within the Virtual Universe company. Especially right after he exited primal chaos city, he actually consecutively passed 9 levels of the fantasy ocean, only failing at the 10th. His willpower and consciousness is at a terrifying level.”

“Haha…” True Yan smiled proudly, “This disciple of mine, even though he’s only at universe level, his soul is far from evolving into an undying. However just in terms of willpower, I am afraid he exceeds that of an undying, many don’t even compare to him.”

“I know this of course, otherwise it wouldn’t have aroused the upper echelons.” Jade emperor emphasized. “And also within the last 80 years, he actually passed the heavenly bridge’s 6th level! He’s caught up with Bolan’s comprehension speed…”

“Bolan that punk, he’s making his own life difficult.” True Yan said.

“Doesn’t matter, Luo Feng’s improvement speed is shocking.” Jade’s expression was serious. “And his genius competition was organized by 9 blade knight. Hence, once he becomes undying, he would naturally be under him. The knight favors him a lot…however, he actually took on the Blood River world mission and hasn’t returned in 80 years, remaining there!”

True Yan nodded.

“80 years!”

“During these 80 years, he hasn’t attempted the heavenly bridge! Fantasy ocean!” Jade frowned hard. “He had only occasionally contacted you, and listened to some undying classes. These 80 years, the other geniuses have all improved quite a lot, all have taken on many missions, many finishing all 10. Only this Luo Feng… still remains on blood river world. And according to the report, his automaton ship has been in space for a long time, the location is the ancient god ruins of blood river world.”

“The dangers of the ancient god ruins, you should be clear.”

Jade frowned, “That place is the most dangerous place on the entire blood river continent. How many of our undyings fell there before? Especially the killing aura of that place is unique only to that place within the entire universe. If Luo Feng isn’t careful, and he enters a region with extremely high amounts of aura, he would be taken over and lost to the madness, that’s akin to death!”

“The knight’s viewing of him is even higher than that of Bolan!”

“And these 80 years, he’s been in contact with you.”

“Hence I hope you can tell me his situation on blood river continent, every bit of it.” Jade emphasized. “True Yan, honestly speaking, taking risks are important. However one cannot madly take risks, you cannot take your disciple’s life as a joke. He is afterall just a universe level punk.”

“He hasn’t been doing much these 80 years, just studying the origin laws.” True Yan smiled.

“How’s his studying?” Jade asked.

As Luo Feng hadn’t attempted the heavenly bridge, no one knew about his speed and level of study.

“Average.” True Yan said casually, “Of the 1st 36 wonders, he’s comprehended 35 of them.” Even though he said it very casually, his expression was that of pride.

“Comprehended 35?” Jade was shocked.

The 1st 9, middle 27 and final 72.

Luo Feng comprehended 35 wonders…

“How can it be so quick?” Jade stared at True Yan. “That’s impossible. During the 30 years in primal chaos city, he only comprehended the most basic 9! And his study speed outside primal chaos city should be 10 times slower. But from the looks of it, he comprehended 1 every 3 years outside, which are even more profound than the first 9.”

“1, he has me for pointers.”

“2, he has Time Space Scribbles to aid in his study.”

“3, he’s absorbed blood river crystals. Hence, his study speed has increased.” True Yan looked at jade. “Also, he is indeed a genius, his comprehension speed rises with his strength.”

Blood River continent, ancient god ruins, huge pit.

Huge pit quarters.

Luo Feng opened his eyes. He sat cross legged in his bronze armor. 80 years, it had been 80 years since he came to Blood River continent. The effects of the killing aura shaping his body was getting lesser and lesser, however at least it was still improving. However he was still a little shy of absorbing the 3rd crystal.

“These 80 years, my comprehension of the space laws has improved a lot.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

Comprehending 35 wonders.

He would never have expected to have done something so absurd! Primal chaos city’s 30 years was 100 years in the actual universe.

In those 30 years in primal chaos city, he only comprehended 9 wonders.

However 80 years or so in the actual universe, he actually comprehended the more profound 26 wonders. This level and speed of improvement…was indeed unbelievable! This was only possible because of the time space scribbles, and True Yan’s pointers, with the golden horned beast’s triggering of the mysterious energy, increasing his fusion with the space laws by 9 times.

Yes.

Towards the end, even the golden horned beast began to study the space laws.

This was because, in training Tearing sky and land and the 3 ancient pictures…during the 39th year, the golden horned beast had comprehended…that the ancient beast’s claw attack wasn’t simply infused with gold laws, simultaneously it had space laws within.

To truly figure out the powerful attack of Tearing Sky’s 1st claw, the golden horned beast’s main study was the ancient pictures, Tearing sky and land became secondary.

As every one of the 3 ancient pictures were incredibly profound.

And one of the claws was infused with space laws, hence the golden horned beast began to study the space laws too!

……

With the 3 bodies studying simultaneously, reflecting each other’s comprehension, especially on the ancient pictures, the rewards were bountiful.

It allowed Luo Feng’s comprehension to progress extremely fast!

Also…

He realized too, the training of his mental state and soul had cleared his mind, allowing him to understand and grasp onto whatever he was studying much faster. From a certain degree, his comprehension level had risen too.

“I think after a few more years, I’ll have comprehended the 36th wonder.” Luo Feng’s face was filled with anticipation.

“Tearing sky’s 1st claw!”

“Accurately speaking, my fast improvement speed is mostly because of the ancient pictures.” Luo Feng was curious within. “That simple wave of the claw was already so profound and unbelievable.”

Using his human body to study that claw was useless.

However its effects on the golden horned beast’s tearing sky and land, while studying that claw, especially looking at the ancient pictures…it almost felt as though that claw encompassed everything. it was so deep and profound, that his own comprehension was still superficial.

“Just how strong was that beast?” Luo Feng thought within, after which he didn’t think anymore and headed out of the cave entrance.

……

Following the pathway, he quickly reached side of the mountain and looked at the endless red aura revolving.

“Half a year ago I tried heading to the killing aura whirlpool and was able to reach the point of 9.5 times, it was less than 100m from the center of the whirlpool. I had to stop there.” Luo Feng was filled with anticipation, “I feel that i’ve had improvement over this half a year, who knows whether I’ll be able to enter the whirlpool core.”

Sou!

He rushed straight down and headed towards the depths of the aura.

Whirlpool aura…these years, besides studying, Luo Feng often went to try the depths of the whirlpool. However every time he did go, he didn’t dare risk it. Because he was very clear that the price of the risk was losing himself to madness. This was akin to death.

After a while, Luo Feng had already reached within that huge whirlpool.

“Rumble…”

The huge whirlpool that was almost like fresh blood was revolving continuously, dragging the auras beside along with it, the core itself looked like a red sun. The bronze armored Luo Feng drew closer to the center step by step, going closer and closer to the eye of the storm.

“I’m really curious, just what is in the core of this whirlpool.” Luo Feng withstood the killing aura willpower that was constantly growing strong and invading his mind, getting closer and closer to the glaring red sun.


Chapter 530: Whirlpool core

Hua hua…the aura there was as thick as fresh blood. The large whirlpool even emitted an ancient eternal energy, it made one’s very soul tremble.

“Come on child.”

“Come!”

“Come here!”

“Enjoy killing and slaughter, what a beautiful and endless feeling…” A formless enticement accompanied the killing aura willpower. That strong willpower was like tanks clashing against Luo Feng’s willpower, as he was affected, the enticement began

A bronze armored Luo Feng drew closer and closer towards the center which was completely engulfed in the aura, gritting his teeth to endure.

“Mine, its mine!”

“I want to kill, I know how to kill, all external willpower, break!”

“Break!”

Luo Feng’s willpower was extremely solid, as it was defending against these attacks and enticement, not allowing any of them to seep in. As he gradually drew closer to the core, the willpower and enticement got stronger and stronger. The closer he flew to the sun like red ball, the more cautious he got.

Distance of 50m, 40m, 30m, 20m, 10m…

The red ball was right ahead.

It, was the core of the huge aura whirlpool.

“Rumble…” A formless ancient energy radiated, causing Luo Feng to feel as though he was an ant against a godly dragon.

“Even if I am an ant, I’m an ant that can defeat a godly dragon.”

Luo Feng immediately abandoned the natural sense of fear within, simultaneously stepping into the glaring red light that formed the aura whirlpool that was bigger even than earth. The entire whirlpool core returned to its original calm state, and the bronze silhouette disappeared.

Aura Whirlpool core…within the Red light ball.

Luo Feng slowly progressed, however he felt the killing aura willpower actually diminish, “It’s almost as though as I get closer to the ball, the willpower is strongest. After entering the ball…it gets weaker instead.”

He flew at a speed that was even slower than a normal person’s walk, after about 30m, before him was still the thick red ball.

Chi!

Luo Feng’s entire being pierced through the outer layer of the red light ball, looking at the scene before him.

“Ang, Mo, Da…”

A sound that pierced through his soul, resounding deep in his consciousness. An ancient phonogram without any rules, every note infused with high endless amount of ancient energy. Simultaneously, Luo Feng was shocked at the scene before him…it was empty within the red light ball.

There wasn’t any red energy within.

There were however huge, golden engravings as thick as one’s arms. Every one of them was incredibly complex. There were a total of 12, 100 to 1,000m long golden engravings, inter weaving and revolving in the space. Each one made one’s heart tremble, making one submit. Such energy was being emitted from the 12 thick engravings.

Simultaneously, the 12 huge golden engravings emitted golden light threads, engulfing the entire region.

The gold light revolved about, making the space around them like a sacred land.

The revolving gold light continued to produce 3 images, a picture of the huge lizard beast, raising its horn towards the skies, a huge hand smashing down towards it, causing the beast to fly, waving its long tail until it almost vanished and dispersing the huge palm.

3 ancient pictures…

These were the 3 ancient pictures he often saw. However, at this point, at the core of the whirlpool, the 12 huge golden engravings emitted the naturally formed pictures much clearer than before!

Every picture, occasionally appeared and then dispersed.

These 3 ancient pictures, were floating just like a piece of paper on water, continuously revolving, occasionally sinking to the bottom of the water before resurfacing. Repeating over and over…

“Li!”

“Ang!”

The ancient phonogram, almost like a beast without intelligence speaking, seemed to pass through trillions of years of time and space, resounding in Luo Feng’s ears.

“My god.” Luo Feng stared wide.

“Origin laws engravings, these are origin law engravings.”

Never had he ever seen the origin laws that clearly before him. Whether it was primal chaos city or the engravings on the spirit weapons, they were all extremely small and simple! And the 12 incomparably huge engravings before him, that were as thick as one’s arms, seemed like 12 simple engravings. However every one of them was interweaved with countless needle like engravings through them.

“These are space origin law engravings!”

“At least, they are a part of it.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, following which he landed where the 3 ancient pictures disappeared. This time, it was different from the blurry images that he spotted before, he saw them extremely clear this time. This was even to the point where as the beast attacked, he could feel every bit of it clearly.

“I’ll first remember these pictures and then study the origin law engravings.”

Luo Feng began to stare hard at the 3 pictures of Tearing Sky 1st claw. With his quantum computer like brain, he could remember vividly each of them like a video recording, this was very simple. However he needed to remember the feeling and situation too…that energy infused with profoundness and mystery, to allow him to study it in the future.

Studying Tearing sky 1st claw for close to 80 years, he clearly remembered the picture of that move from long ago.

And at this time, whether it was studying the original tearing sky 1st claw or altering it according to the memories he had of it before, Luo Feng was very clear that before he became undying, his level of the 1st claw paled in comparison to that ancient beast’s. Hence it wasn’t the time for him to be proud, but to lower his ego and study that ancient beast well.

……

As he used his entire being to remember the ancient picture of the 1st claw, Luo Feng didn’t realize, as his body was there, the gold lights shot right through him. Even though there wasn’t any killing aura that invaded him, his every cell within began to change and evolve greatly.

If one said that under the killing aura’s attack, the body’s cells would change gently and slowly.

At this time, it was accelerated 100 to 1,000 times!

The only thing was because Luo Feng was completely immersed in remembering the 1st claw. As for the changes in his body? Even if his body was destroyed it would be a small matter. Hence he couldn’t allow himself to be distracted.

……

After remembering the 1st claw for some time, as he closed his eyes, the image of that 1st claw clearly replayed in his mind. He finally exclaimed, “My comprehension still isn’t high enough. This should be my memory’s limit, I’m unable to remember the situation and feeling and energy any deeper.”

Following which he looked at the other 2 pictures.

Compared to the 1st claw, spending 80% of his attention on it, for the other 2 techniques…Luo Feng had spent little time on them. As his comprehension was weak, even after trying hard to remember them, not long after, he couldn’t remember them any better already.

Within his memory…

The 3 ancient pictures were deeply recorded. The 1st claw’s situation and feeling was the most vast and ancient. As for the other two, those two faintly had the ancient energies, but obviously weaker than the 1st. The main thing was that Luo Feng was unable to remember them deeply as well.

“Hm, I’ve finally remembered them.” Luo Feng revealed a look of excitement. “These ancient pictures, humans are unable to study. However it’s extremely beneficial to the golden horned beast. Studying it raises its understanding and comprehension of the laws, that in turn helps my human body’s comprehension as well.”

The 3 great bodies were working together, naturally the improvement was huge.

“Ah, my body?” As his attention returned, Luo Feng quickly realized the changes to his body.

His body’s every cell seemed to have evolved.

Change occurred continuously.

“This change, it’s the same change as the killing aura.” Luo Feng was shocked, revealing a look of glee after. “However the change seems to be 1,000 times faster!”

“One day here is akin to a few years outside.”

Luo Feng was ecstatic.

He stood up in mid air, looking at the 12 huge golden engravings. These 12 engravings seemed simple, however they were still much more profound than the engravings that True Yan Emperor demonstrated in his classes in primal chaos city. Luo Feng looked for a while, feeling dizzy within.

“It feels like space? With some bits of gold origin laws. However upon careful examination, it’s neither.” Luo Feng was very curious.

The origin law engravings his teacher True Yan demonstrated occasionally had hundreds to 1,000 engravings. Luo Feng knew quite a bit of them.

However at this time…

He didn’t understand this at all.

“The level of complexity is simply beyond me.” Luo Feng spent two days looking at the huge golden engravings. Suddenly he had some inspiration, “Looks like, my comprehension of the laws…compared to the profoundness of these huge golden engravings is simply too huge. Just like when I first looked at the 9 universe tablet’s 7th to 9th pictures, I didn’t understand them at all. These golden engravings I can’t understand these either.”

No matter how expensive a book is, before a blind person, it was still useless.

Infused with endless wonders, the engravings within weren’t useful at all to Luo Feng. He couldn’t even remember the energies emitted from it, simply relying on his quantum computer like brain and consciousness, forcing out a simple picture within. (Just like taking a picture).

……

Days passed.

Even within this aura whirlpool core, with the gold light shining on him, Luo Feng’s body evolution speed slowed as the days passed. This was something he anticipated as it was reaching his body’s limit.

“My earth body, if only it could be as sick as the golden horned beast’s body. Even without any aura invasion, immediately absorbing 97 crystals.” Luo Feng thought.

97 crystals…

That was the achievement of close to 80 years.

These 80 years, the origin laws comprehension, and mental state training had risen shockingly, hence allowing him to make it deep into the whirlpool core. As for the golden horned beast’s right claw, these 80 years had occasionally evolved further, currently having absorbed 97 blood river crystals.

After a while, the changes that occurred deep in Luo Feng’s body finally completely stopped.

“I’m already at my limit.” Luo Feng thought. “I’ve been in this whirlpool core for close to 30 days. If it were outside, it would at least be a hundred years before my body is fully saturated.”

“Who knows if I can absorb the 3rd crystal now.”

“Hm, I’ll return to the cave to try.”

Looking at the 12 huge golden engravings floating in mid air, he turned and rushed through the red light layer, swiftly heading back towards the outer layer of the whirlpool.


Chapter 531: Greeting Blood God

Luo Feng became a green light and entered the entrance of his cave into huge pit quarters.

Within the cave.

“In that whirlpool core, after experiencing and absorbing that golden light for 30 days, my body is already saturated.” Luo Feng flew straight to his stone bed and sat crossed legged. His eyes were filled with anticipation. “Hope I can absorb the 3rd crystal. If I still fail then I won’t ever be able to absorb it. After all, my body’s limit has already been reached, whether it’s the killing aura…or the even better golden light, it’s already useless.”

Taking a deep breath, Luo Feng flipped his hand and a blood red triangular crystal appeared on his palm.

Even after seeing it thousands to tens of thousands of times, he still couldn’t help but be drawn in by its beauty every time.

“It’s too beautiful.”

“This is a treasure of the universe.” Luo Feng gently sliced his left palm. Chi, a wound appeared and fresh blood flowed, making contact with the crystal. Immediately a formless killing aura willpower rushed against his. However, his earth body had only absorbed 2 crystals before, hence this amount of willpower was a joke.

Chi chi…

“Hm?” Luo Feng frowned, sitting crossed legged, his body began to twitch uncontrollably. His muscles twisted, his veins were squirming around like worms, scales began to appear on his skin…

Pain, intense pain.

However, the golden horned beast had absorbed 97 crystals before. Hence, this level of pain was something he could totally bear with.

Minutes and seconds passed…

Blood red energy flowed continuously out of the blood river crystal and entered his body. Gradually, the color of the crystal grew faint, becoming more and more transparent. After awhile, the entire crystal had become transparent, like glass. After which, the crystal crumbled into energy and entered his body.

“Success!”

“I finally succeeded.” When he felt the entire crystal had been absorbed, his body had successfully digesting it. Luo Feng couldn’t help but feel ecstatic.

Yes!

Mad glee!

His power had leapt, his melding with the origin laws and comprehension had all risen, this was simply one part of it. Another was the points! The Virtual Universe Company points were very valuable…just like this blood river world mission. The 1st mission was to acquire 1 blood river crystal, and the prize was 10,000 points.

However one only had one such chance.

Acquiring one blood river crystal was 10,000 points. Even if you acquired 100k crystals…you’ll still be unable to get more points, getting only that 10,000.

Afterall!

To universe levels, maybe acquiring one crystal was hard enough. However to the undying, even to beings like True Yan Emperor who was able to unleash teleportation, acquiring the crystals was very simple.

“However it is strange.”

The Virtual Universe Company has always declared that the blood river crystals are treasures.” Luo Feng was curious, “However in blood river world, there were 10 million worlds. Within every world there would be territories, with many have domain lord warriors. Almost all the domain lords would have crystals.”

“Obviously the amount of crystals is huge.”

“However…”

“Even after searching the entire treasure trove of the Virtual Universe company, there wasn’t any blood river crystals to buy within!” Luo Feng was even more curious. Yes, it wasn’t sold!

Blood river crystals, it was only found here in the secret region blood river world, and even in blood river world, it was very valuable.

Afterall…

it was plenty. Yet the treasure trove didn’t have any.

“Blood river world mission is a universe level mission.” Luo Feng thought, “The domain lords would have to head out into territories to take on envoy missions. As for the sector lords, they have to go through life or death training. I probably won’t ever get the chance to enter this blood river world in the future. At least, I acquired over 9000 crystals.”

Within his consciousness, Luo Feng felt that the crystal was a banned item, one that was controlled by the Virtual Universe company. Even with his absolute beginning region status, he was unable to exchange for them.

“When I get the chance, I’ll go check it out.”

“Hm, first I’ll take a look at my condition after absorbing the 3rd crystal.” Luo Feng didn’t think much of anything else, triggering the mysterious energy within.

Immediately, a blood red engraving appeared on his bare chest.

A simple but complete engraving.

“How wonderful.”

He closed his eyes, feeling the depths of the endless universe, the ripples of the many laws were perceived at this point. Gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, light, thunder, space, time…he could feel the ripples more clearly than before.

“1 time.”

“The level of clarity is 1 fold higher than before. The strength of unleashing has also doubled.” Luo Feng thought.

1 time more was equal to doubling his power.

That was a whole level of power more!

“My comprehension has increased, my future comprehension speed will rise too.” Luo Feng thought, “No wonder the blood warrior is so respected. All those who are able to enter the Virtual Universe company are all absolute geniuses. To double one’s comprehension and strength the origin laws, just what is that? Giving 100k points is very normal.”

“I’ll give it a shot.”

“I’ll see if I can absorb the 4th. Also my willpower is stronger than before, I’ll let the golden horned beast try and absorb the 98th crystal to see.” Luo Feng was filled with anticipation.

……

After a while.

The earth body tried absorbing the 4th and reached halfway before he failed!

The golden horned beast fought hard for awhile and was just about to succeed before finally getting decimated by the killing aura willpower, failure!

“Haha, I cannot be too greedy.”

Luo Feng was gleeful, suddenly standing from the stone bed, “My consciousness…it’ll probably be another 8 to 10 years before I’ll be able to withstand the 98th crystal’s killing aura willpower.”

No rush.

His life span was 10 times that of a normal human sector lord. To absorb 100 blood river crystals was the target, he could definitely hit it.

“Hm, right now I am a blood warrior.” Luo Feng thought. “The 2nd mission was to absorb 3 crystals and become a blood warrior. However, I will have to receive the blood river medal, only then will I get the 100k points.”

“Blood river medal!”

“Every blood warrior can go to any world city to the leader and receive the blood river medal.”

“Blood god Baqi, he is also a World leader. He should have some blood river medals.” Luo Feng couldn’t wait at all. Remaining in ancient god ruins already had no benefits left for him. On top of that, within the headquarters of the Virtual Universe company, he had many things to do…it was time to leave blood river world.

He rushed to acquire the blood river medal!

Sou!

Luo Feng flew out through the cave and headed swiftly towards the depths of the pit.

……

“It’s 97.”

Deep in the depths, on a platform, sitting crossed legged was a huge bronze silhouette. He looked into the distance, “Number 2, what do you think of 97?”

“For so many years, he’s been staying in that same spot. The most he did was head towards the aura whirlpool.” Another voice resounded over 10k km within the captain’s ears. The blood god guards’ wrist communicators were used within the blood river continent area. As long as one was here, they could know of each other’s locations.

Because blood river continent was simply too huge.

Hence…every marker of the wrist communicator had a specific range of about only 100km! To the strong, such accuracy was already enough. Because within 100km, with a sector lord or domain lord’s strength, they can instantly discover their target.

Whether it was Blood god Baqi or the two captains of the blood god guards, using the wrist communicator…they all realized, Luo Feng had flew close to the aura whirlpool.

As their markers had a 100km margin of error.

None of them knew that Luo Feng had actually entered within the whirlpool.

“So many years, to focus only on training and not do anything else, at least we can begin to trust him.”

“Hm, indeed we can begin to.”

……

In the depths, it was vast.

A blood colored palace was erected amidst the mist. A green light landed before the palace and headed in, simultaneously saying, “Blood god guard 97, greets Lord blood god.”

“Wait a moment.” A voice resounded from the palace.

Luo Feng was very clear this was an AI’s voice, quietly and patiently waiting within the palace.

When the blood god was training, it was forbidden for anybody to disturb him. To see the blood god, they can only rely on the AI to request for them.

……

“I’m on the 5th level, come.” A majestic voice resounded in Luo Feng’s ears.

“Yes.”

Only then did Luo Feng follow the staircase. Like a blur as he swiftly headed up, in an instant, he reached the 5th level.

The 5th level was comparable in size to the 1st level of the palace.

However the layout of this level was more humane than the 1st level! Just like the design of the walls around, the luxurious rug on the floor, the materials were those that lasted over millions of years, and above this 5th level in that black throne, sat a silhouette that emitted a thick powerful aura.

Intrepid and powerful, the silhouette was dressed in a blood red long robe and had blood colored long hair.

It was blood god Baqi.

Below his majesty was another throne. There stood an incomparably tall wild beast Qi Niu. Even though he was below his majesty, with his huge stature, it caused his back to reach even higher than where Blood god Baqi sat.

“Greetings Lord, greetings Lord Qi Niu.” Luo Feng knelt down, one knee touching the ground.

“97, what’s the matter?” Blood god Baqi sat high in his throne looking down coldly.

“Lord, I’ve already absorbed 3 blood river crystals.” Luo Feng said respectfully, “I’ve always dreamt of becoming a blood river warrior and receiving a blood river medal. My reason for coming today is to request a blood river medal.”

“Ah?”

Blood god Baqi stood up fiercely. Beside him, the wild beast Qi Niu too shot out two spurts of hot air from his nostrils, they flowed past Luo Feng.

“Absorbed 3 crystals?” Baqi was shocked. He knew that the talent of this new blood god guard 97 was very high. However to quickly absorb 3 crystals…shocked him greatly. Because some humans could at most absorb 4 or 5 crystals, maybe 7 or 8, like himself!

However, it required long periods in the killing aura to alter their body.

“Yes.”

Kneeling on one knee, Luo Feng’s chest bronze armor automatically ripped open, revealing his bare chest. Simultaneously, Luo Feng triggered that mysterious energy and a blood red engraving appeared there.

Looking at the simple but complete blood red engraving, Baqi’s eyes gleamed. He revealed a smile and laughing loudly, “97, very good, very good.”

“Rumble.” Two jets of hot steam shot out of wild beast Qi Niu’s nostrils. He too let out a thick booming sound, “Very good.”


Chapter 532: Undying Shrine

Within the palace, Blood god Baqi laughed as he walked down from the throne.

Luo Feng remained knelt there.

“Hm.” Baqi looked at Luo Feng kneeling on one knee, more satisfied as he looked. Blood river world was different from the universe. The universe had the Virtual Universe company and other huge powers nurturing their geniuses, allowing them to compete. However it was mostly a protective kind of nurture.

Blood river world was different!

There were over 10 million world cities on the continent. Countless sector lords fought against each other! Even if one was a genius, no matter how powerful, you’ll still have to experience slaughter to slowly reach the top! Hence Baqi would accept elites to build his own blood god guards, this was him preparing his genius army!

Right now he was in training. However, the moment he revealed himself, his power and status would have to be earned through slaughter!

Blood river continent worshipped strength! Worshipped slaughter!

“97, at cloud level 9 you are able to defeat a domain level 1 blood demon.” Baqi stood there, looking down at Luo Feng, “Right now you’ve even absorbed 3 blood river crystals. Your improvement speed would be even faster! Your level of talent is considered top level even amongst the geniuses absorbed by the undying shrine.”

“Under me, your benefits will definitely be no less than those geniuses nurtured by the undying shrine!” Baqi said confidently, “If you are loyal to me, I will treat you well!”

“Thank you Lord, I will do my best to support you and work for you.” Luo Feng knelt there, clean and respectful.

When Baqi heard those words, his smile grew wider.

“Haha…”

“Hahaha…”Baqi began to laugh even louder. The laughter resounded continuously around the palace, even the blood god guards in their training rooms on the 3rd level all looked up, wondering why their lord was so happy.

Baqi was all smiles, personally lifting Luo Feng till he stood there.

“Work hard.” Baqi smiled at Luo Feng. “First break through to domain level. As for the blood river medal, I haven’t taken over a world city. The medals that I initially brought with me have all been given out.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng was stunned.

Given out?

Meaning, Baqi didn’t have any blood river medals?

“Haha, 97, you little punk, the moment you heard there weren’t any medals…your expression changed.” Baqi smiled, “I understand your thoughts. I grew up listening to the legends of the blood and black warrior too, working hard to become a blood warrior and black warrior, to get the blood river medal.”

“That medal, to those who receive it, is simply just a medal and has no other meaning. To those that don’t receive it…it’s however a target that they’d chase for thousands to tens of thousands of years.”

“Hm!”

“I may not have any right now, but I’ll inform the undying shrine to give me a few more.” Baqi smiled at Luo Feng, “I estimate in about 10 days, if they are faster… within 6 to 7 days, they will send envoys to deliver the medals to me. Then, I’ll hand one to you.”

“Thank you lord!” Luo Feng’s expression was filled with gratitude as he bowed.

“Haha…go on! Breakthrough to the domain level!” Baqi smiled. “Ah, right, these are two blood river crystals! When you’ve absorbed them, look for me again.” Following which, he flipped his hand and took out two more crystals, they floated out of his palm and straight to Luo Feng.

Luo Feng respectfully received them, “Thank you lord.”

Baqi smiled as he looked at Luo Feng leave respectfully, following which he couldn’t help but laugh loudly again, causing the entire palace to tremble.

……

As Luo Feng left the 5th level, he met a few other blood god guards. They were all curious as to why Baqi was so happy. Hence they came to ask! Luo Feng naturally explained to them. Immediately the group of guards were all filled with envy, congratulating Luo Feng.

After which, Luo Feng left the palace and rushed straight into the sky, towards where the aura was thick and red.

“The 1st time I met Blood god Baqi, he was brutal, cold and without remorse. He would have killed me in a heartbeat.” Luo Feng smiled and shook his head as he flew. Exclaiming within, “However after so many years, now he’s attitude is obviously much better. He even got closer once he knew I absorbed 3 crystals.”

This was a form of trust.

When they first met back then, even though he had submitted, Blood God Baqi probably still hadn’t fully trusted him.

However after so long of sticking by the rules within his huge pit quarters, obviously Baqi was very satisfied and finally began to trust him. Maybe the level of trust wasn’t comparable to his captain number 1 or others, but because of Luo Feng’s talent, obviously Baqi still favored him heavily.

“Pity!”

“Baqi, I cannot stay in this blood river world. My area…is even more vast.” Luo Feng muttered within, “After I receive the medal, I’ll leave!”

“The next time I come will definitely be much much later.”

Sou!

He swiftly tore through the skies and headed towards his huge pit quarters.

After Luo Feng left, not long after, Baqi personally used his communication device to send a message to the undying shrine, requesting more blood river medals.

……

Undying shrine, its core region was within the ancient god ruins.

The area was vast. There were large amounts of mountain ranges, occasionally swamps, rivers, forests and huge pits etc…in this ten million km area, the killing aura was all around. Be it high in the mountain peaks or deep in the swamps and rivers, or in the huge pits, or floating in mid air…

In every core of the whirlpool auras was a glaring red sun.

In this entire region however there were a total of 10,081 aura whirlpools about. Every one of them revolving, most of them however were about ten times less or more than Luo Feng’s pit, the smaller ones had an aura of only 1/10th. There were all forms of aura whirlpools.

All different in strength, size and position.

10,081 whirlpools, separated into skies, rivers, mountain peaks, valleys, naturally formed phenomenons!

“Rumble…”

“Ji!”

“Ang!”

Like an ancient beast howling, passing through trillions of years of time and space, resounding within a region.

In the center of these 10,081 whirlpools, there was an ancient shrine a million km in area, completely black and red in color. The surface layer had incomparably complex statues, some of them were of beasts roaring, some of undyings battling and so on. The ancient shrine surrounded by the 10,081 whirlpools, emitted the same ancient aura.

Just how big was an ancient shrine that had an area of 1 million km? Earth was tiny compared to this shrine.

The size of the shrine was comparable to the sun!

This was the center of blood river continent’s strongest power. Even the Virtual Universe company hadn’t completely dominated this place.

……

Undying shrine, majestic and tall, in level 9,829 of the palace.

“Yuke.” A black armored silhouette stood before the throne. Gazing downwards, his voice boomed like thunder.

Below, a white uniformed man was kneeling, his head on the ground.

“Go get 20 blood river medals and with the fastest speed send them to Baqi.” The armored silhouette said indifferently.

“Yes, great god.” The white clothed man knelt and said respectfully.

“Go!” The silhouette said.

Shua!

The armored silhouette vanished from the palace. The white clothed man got up and turned to head outside, simultaneously shouting loudly outside, “Wula, get the team of special envoys ready, we are leaving immediately from the shrine.”

“Yes lord Yuke.”

A voice resounded from outside.

……

After a while, a dark purple disc shaped universe ship swiftly tore through the skies flying away from the shrine. Up in the 15th level of clouds, it flew quickly towards the huge pit.

The ancient god ruins were simply too vast. The universe ships created by the undying shrine paled far in comparison to Luo Feng’s automaton ship. Even flying in the cloud levels, the resistance was much higher than flying in space. Hence just the flight alone, Baqi said would require 6 to 10 days.

6 to 10 days here was blood river continent’s time.

In truth, compared to earth time, it was about 1 to 2 months.

……

In that ship, after flying about 20 days of earth time, within a wide river in the ancient god ruins was an island.

On that island.

A warrior was in training.

At the depths of the river was a huge aura whirlpool, endless aura emitted from within, making this island…as the best place to train.

“Lord!”

“Lord!”

Two silhouettes fiercely emerged from the surface of the water, landing on the island. These two shouted hurriedly, their voices rumbling…resounding throughout the island. With a domain lord’s strength, the power of those roars, one could only imagine.

“Lord.” “Lord.”

The two of them rushed until they were before a beautiful silver white palace, there stood a beautiful receptionist.

Rumble!

A silhouette rushed out from within the palace, immediately appearing at the entrance. With a wave of his hand, a wave of world energy formed a huge palm and slapped the two underlings shouting. It Knocked them so far back that they flew into the distant vegetation.

“I’ve already said it before.” Before the palace, dressed in a white robe, a bewitchingly handsome youth, with fox like eyes was staring at the two who were spitting out blood. “When I am training if you are looking for me, first let the AI know and let it inform me! You actually shouted and made a ruckus. I am teaching you a lesson this time, next time, don’t blame me for being merciless.”

The two guards immediately were shocked to their senses.

“We know our mistake.”

“We know our mistake.” The two quickly flew over and bowed respectfully.

“Hm.”

The fox like youth cleared his throat and said indifferently, “Speak, just what has gotten you both so crazy.”

“There’s some historical remnants at the bottom of the river.” One of the guards shouted.

“There’s some historical remnants at the bottom of the river, very likely from that battle countless years ago.” The other guard spoke.

The fox like youth stared wide eyed.

Historical remnants?

From that legendary battle?

“Bring me there quickly!” The youth ordered in a shrill voice, his face flushed red from excitement.


Chapter 533: Historical Remnant

“Yes!” The two guards didn’t dare delay, quickly leading the way into the distant river.

“How did you two discover it?” The fox like youth communicated while following them.

Historical remnant.

The ancient god ruins was the place where blood river continent’s strongest undyings joined hands against the outsider’s invasion. That battle was a bloodbath, trillions of km of area was completely wasted, even causing the area to be filled with killing aura up till now. One could only imagine how intense the battle was!

Every undying was able to build his own god country, the amount of treasures they had was plenty.

After that battle back then…

The undying shrine, there was a period of time where everybody madly searched for treasures. They swept the entire ancient god ruins, collecting large amounts of the treasures! However…even though the undying shrine had sent undyings to search for the treasures, the area was afterall still too large!

Also, the ground went too deep!

The surface diameter of blood river continent was 9 trillion km, and the depth alone was close to 100 billion km. With such depths, to actually search the entire area properly…

Even a group of undyings would definitely leave something out!

However over a trillion years, it was rare that one ever heard of a new discovery. Afterall. over countless years, 99% of the historical remnants were already found, leaving behind the extremely hard to find ones.

……

The three of them dived straight into the river, diving deeper and deeper, this vast river’s depth was at least 10,000km, very deep indeed.

“Lord, discovering the remnant was also our luck.”

“Right, it’s luck.”

The fox like youth dived downwards, communicating, “Explain.”

“The two of us were at the bottom of the river hunting some water beasts to barbecue and eat. Who would have thought that at the bottom, we ended up feeling the ground below tremor violently, causing a canyon to split apart, with some ancient decayed weapons floating out. We didn’t dare delay, hence we came to inform you.”

“The moment we discovered it, we immediately came to inform you Lord.”

The two of them said.

The fox like youth smiled as he heard this. He was a sector lord nurtured by the undying shrine, his sights were indeed plenty. Hence from the explanation alone he understood…

“It should be some undying or world leader’s world storage which was destroyed. Hence, when it was destroyed the ground tremored, it caused his world to reveal itself.” The fox like youth thought. As long as one reached the sector lord level, he could use his world energy to build his own world and even a world within a world.

And one world could be shrunk down within a villa.

Even until it reached the size of a specially constructed sand grain.

How much it could shrink depended on the materials!

Some materials were just a little bigger than a sesame seed, that alone could house an entire world. And even though creating space rings’ materials were cheap, however to actually slice a piece of space was very hard and troublesome. Hence, many wealthy sector lords and even undyings would rather use money to acquire valuable materials and store their worlds and use as their storage! Afterall, a world the size of a sand grain was easy to bring about.

However…

The god countries were different, they were even more vast and more troublesome.

“Should be an undying!”

“World leaders all have their internal worlds. They can place items within their internal worlds. Only undyings! They already don’t have their internal worlds, only god countries. And placing items within and retrieving it later, storing is very troublesome. Hence bringing along a world, where the space is huge, storage etc, was very convenient.” The fox like youth thought. “However, the materials used to store a world are still very valuable, and they cannot last forever. After over a trillion years…finally they decayed. Once that happened, then the world would reveal itself. Hence, the ground split open, allowing these two punks to discover it. Haha, my luck sure is good.”

The fox like youth reached the bottom excited, at the dark bottom, he used his world energy.

“Indeed!”

“It’s indeed a world.” The youth scanned the bottom with his world energy, reaching deep into the ground, immediately he was very excited.

Sou!

He immediately dug deep into the ground and began to search for the treasures.

……

Half a day later, Hu Xin island, within the palace.

The fox like youth stood before the fence. Gazing into the distance, he felt extremely satisfied. “I didn’t expect that, I Kuyan, could acquire such historical remnant treasures. Hm, from the looks of it, it should be some items stored in some undying’s world. Even though there aren’t as many treasures as I expected, however it’s still hundreds to thousands of times more than my wealth.”

Windfall.

The legendary historical remnant, it was that thrilling! He was a world leader, even though he had plenty of treasures, in this one instant his wealth had leapt 1,000 times.

“However, the other weapons and materials etc, I can handle. This jade gold statue however, is really useless to me.” The youth flipped his hand and a 30cm tall statue appeared in his palm. It was completely half transparent, gold in color. Looking at this statue, it gave off a heart trembling energy.

The statue was of a wild beast. A lizard like creature, with a long tail, thick legs and a single horn on its head! Its intrepid energy emitted from the mysterious ancient statue.

“This jade gold statue is one of the legendary beast god statues I think. I’ve heard there’s a total of 18 of them.” The fox like youth shook his head, “However, it only has sentimental value, no other uses.”

Beast god statue.

An item the undying shrine worshipped. There were a total of 18 of them. However, back then during the terrifying battle, more than half of them were lost. Till today, three of them still hadn’t been found.

“Even though it’s useless to me, however giving it to the undying shrine would mean great benefit to me, I’ll get quite a reward.” The youth smiled. Using his communication device, he sent a message to the undying shrine…

The message was very simple.

It was that he, Kuyan, had acquired a beast god statue by chance and was giving it to the shrine.

……

The message quickly reached light speed. Within 1.5 days, it reached the shrine. Within the shrine…even though the beast god statues were but items of worship and had no other use or importance, its status was still highly regarded. Hence the shrine immediately gave the order for the envoy team closest to bring the statue back, and even give a reward to the sector lord Kuyan.

Yuke led his team of envoys and sat in a dark purple universe ship, arriving in the air above Hu Xin island.

“Kuyan.”

The white robed Yuke descended from above, behind him followed two envoys.

“Haha, Yuke.” The fox like youth smiled and flew from the island, welcoming them. “What a coincidence.”

“I am here under the god’s orders to deliver the blood river medals to Lord Baqi.” The white robed Yuke said. “Right now there are currently 2 teams of envoys in the ancient god ruins, and I just happened to be close to you. Hence, I was ordered to route over and receive the beast god statue.”

“Lord Baqi?”

The fox like youth was surprised. “You are heading to Lord Baqi? I heard he has been in the aura training for quite long, and has already absorbed 8 crystals.”

“Yes.” The white robed Yuke nodded.

“Go, it’s a good surprise that I met you here. I’ll follow you to meet Lord Baqi. I’ve long heard of his reputation, but haven’t met him yet.” The youth said. Compared to Baqi…whether it was age or position, he paled in comparison. Firstly, this fox like youth was only sector lord level 3.

And Baqi, had long long ago reached the pinnacle of sector lords.

And he was a trillion year genius!

As long as he wanted, he could breakthrough to undying very quickly! In terms of position, Baqi was comparable even to the undyings. Otherwise, why would his guard team alone have two sector lords, and even a powerful wild beast Qi Niu as his brother. “Let’s go.” White robed Yuke nodded.

Immediately the group flew into the purple ship in the sky. It sped off with shocking speed headed towards the huge pit.

……

Time passed.

Luo Feng waited patiently within the huge pit quarters.

“Blood god Baqi told me that day it’ll take 6 to 10 days. According to earth time, that’s at most 2 months, however now, 2 months have passed.” Dressed in the blood god guard uniform of bronze armor, he sat crossed legged on his stone bed, worrying within.

Him staying there didn’t have many benefits anymore.

And returning would mean more opportunities. Compared to the vast universe, blood river continent was simply too small.

“Rumble!”

The air shook, and a powerful energy reached Luo Feng.

“97!” A thick voice resounded within the huge pit quarters, causing Luo Feng to jump down and reply respectfully, “Lord.”

The huge pit quarters was 10s of thousands of km away from the palace in the depths of the pit, and a sector lord’s unleashed world energy was unable to travel that far. Hence he had to control and focus his world energy in a specific direction. With Blood god Baqi’s control, it caused the air to shake.

“Come here to me.” The voice resounded.

“Yes.” Luo Feng replied, happy within, looks like it was time to receive the blood river medal.

Sou!

Luo Feng became a green light and followed the cave out, diving deep into the depths of the huge pit and reaching the bottom in an instant.

……

5th level of the palace.

Luo Feng had arrived at the 5th level, spotting the blood color robed Baqi in the throne above, along with the wild beast Qi Niu beside.

“Greetings Lord, Lord Qi Niu.” Luo Feng knelt on one knee.

“Get up.”

Baqi was smiling, “In a while, the blood god palace envoys will arrive and deliver the medals. Also…your luck this time is good.”

“My luck is good?” Luo Feng’s face was filled with curiosity.

Blood god Baqi smiled, “Haha, the special envoys that have come have brought along another world leader Kuyan. He was extremely lucky, acquiring an ancient treasure from the undying shrine…the beast god statue! It is a statue of a beast god, a legendary being. When they arrive, I’ll let you see the statue.”

“Ah? Beast god statue?”

Luo Feng was curious, on the surface however he shouted, “Thank you Lord!”


Chapter 534: Beast God Statue

When Luo Feng went to visit the blood god Baqi, a dark purple disc shaped universe ship had stopped above the huge pit in mid air.

Hua!

The cabin door opened.

The leader of the envoys, the white robed Yuke and the Fox like youth Kuyan flew out of the cabin door, followed by 8 others.

“This is Baqi’s training spot?” The fox like youth’s eyes gleamed. Gazing below at the huge pit, “The aura here is so thick, looks like there’s a whirlpool down there too.”

“Hm.” Yuke nodded indifferently, simultaneously keeping the universe ship.

“Follow me down.” Yuke ordered.

“Yes.” the group complied.

“Hehe, we’ll meet the legendary Lord Baqi in a moment.” The fox like youth was very excited.

Sou! Sou! Sou! The silhouettes rushed downwards swiftly into the depths of the blood red aura.

Within the depths, a palace was erected there. 10 silhouettes swiftly descended and landed at the entrance of the palace, led by the white robed Yuke and the fox like youth Kuyan.

“Lord Baqi. On orders from my god, we’ve delivered the blood river medal.” The white robed Yuke bowed and shouted.

“Enter.”

A thick booming voice immediately reached the 10 people’s ears. Simultaneously, a blood god guard appeared at the entrance and personally led them in. “Envoys, this way!”

With the guard leading them, the 10 of them quickly reached the 5th level of the palace.

……

Palace 5th level.

A blood red robed Baqi sat high in his throne, gazing below. Below, on the left was the fierce looking wild beast Qi Niu, and beside him were 3 blood god guards. Captain number 1, vice captain number 2 and the blood god guard awaiting his medal 97.

Yuke and Kuyan along with the others had arrived.

“Greetings Lord Baqi.” The white robed Yuke bowed, beside him the fox like youth bowed too.

“Greetings Lord Baqi.” The 8 of them behind them too knelt down on one knee.

“Yuke, it’s been rough on you.” Baqi nodded from above in the throne. His gaze then landed on the youth beside him, “You are Kuyan?”

“Yes Lord Baqi.” The youth smiled and spoke excitedly, “I was a few generations after Lord Baqi. However, I am also one of the geniuses from the undying shrine. I’ve long heard of your name and always wanted to meet you. But today, it’s finally come true.”

Baqi nodded, remaining calm.

The Undying shrine had many geniuses in one batch, the strength of the world leaders was large also. He… Baqi was a genius of a trillion years and his position was comparable to an undying. As for the other normal geniuses, naturally he didn’t bother. What’s more, even though Yuke and Kuyan below were of sector lord strength.

One was sector lord level 3 while the other was 5.

Even in terms of quantity they hadn’t reached the pinnacle. Naturally Baqi couldn’t bother too much with them.

“Blood river medal?” Baqi looked below at Yuke.

“These are the 20 medals that my god had ordered me to deliver.” Yuke flipped his hand and 20 palm sized medals floated in his hand. They were all completely dark red, and on them were engraving and words.

Sou!

The 20 medals floated directly to the throne above before Blood god Baqi.

“Hm.” Blood god Baqi snorted coldly. With a wave of his hand, he kept those 20 medals.

“97!” Blood god Baqi ordered.

“Present!” Luo Feng walked out and knelt on one knee, replying loudly.

In the throne above Baqi smiled, “You’ve successfully absorbed 3 crystals, becoming a blood warrior. Today, before the envoys of the undying shrine, I personally present you this blood river medal! Train well, don’t waste your talents.”

“Your underling will not disappoint you Lord.” Luo Feng knelt on one knee, his voice strong and forceful.

“Hm.”

Blood god Baqi waved his hand and immediately 1 medal appeared and floated before Luo Feng.

Luo Feng stared at the medal. It was palm sized, and dark red in color. Its surface was covered in engravings that formed together an ancient palace. As he raised his hand to receive it, he said respectfully, “Thanks lord.” Simultaneously, he let out a sigh of relief within. He had finally acquired the medal.

Once one became a blood warrior and acquired the blood river medal, the reward would be 100k points!

“Everything is finished. I have no need to stay anymore. Once I return to the huge pit quarters, I’ll find a chance to leave.” Luo Feng thought.

“Cloud level pinnacle and he’s absorbed 3 crystals?” That fox like youth Kuyan let out a shrill voice, resounding throughout the palace. “Congratulations Lord Baqi. Congratulations, to acquiring such a genius. I believe that in 100s of thousands of years, he will definitely be a powerful warrior.”

Baqi only replied indifferently, changing the subject, “I heard you acquired a Beast god statue?”

“By mere luck.” Kuyan immediately replied.

“Your luck is not bad.” In the throne, Baqi nodded coldly.

And Luo Feng who was standing beside the two other guards was curious within. Just what was this beast god statue thing?

“Lord Baqi, please take a look.” Kuyan confidently extended one hand and suddenly, a statue appeared out of nowhere in his palm. It was about 30cm tall, half crystal like and transparent. It also had complex gold within, and it looked like a lizard like beast. However, its head seemed to be struggling with its 4 legs which were thick and powerful, and one horn that piercing towards the sky.

The entire statue emitted a heart trembling terrifying energy.

“Brutal!”

Almost like a crazed shout, the voice resounded through everybody’s ears, making everyone who was staring at the statue change their expressions.

“Good statue!” Blood god Baqi complemented and nodded.

“Beast god!” The wild beast Qi Niu stared wide eyed, and a complex look could be seen within his gaze as he looked on.

The two captains of the blood god guards too looked in shock. They had heard of the legendary beast god statue before, but have never seen it! Of all present, the only one who had probably seen a beast god statue before was probably Blood god Baqi.

……

“This, this is…” Luo Feng remained calm on the outside, inside however were filled with torrents of thoughts and emotions that took over.

Right!

Without a doubt, this beast god statue was the terrifying ancient beast he had seen in the three pictures in the whirlpool. Just the statue alone…that weak but terrifying energy it emitted, it was definitely stronger than Baqi, Qi Niu or any others! Even more powerful than some of the powerful warriors Luo Feng had seen in the primal chaos city…

Naturally, the energy from the statue was weak!

“This beast god statue?” Luo Feng carefully examined it, staring at every scale, and at its incredibly defined claws and tail.

Howl!

Brutal!

Luo Feng could almost see countless years ago, where this lizard like beast dominated the universe space. Howling and slaughtering tens of millions, its intrepid energy…completely triggered Luo Feng’s golden horned beast. What his earth body saw, the other bodies naturally saw too.

“Howl…” The golden horned beast within the internal world couldn’t help but howl out, and its dark pupils were filled with excitement and anticipation.

“This, this is the true aim of the golden horned beast.”

“This is the direction in which the beast needs to head in.” Luo Feng was extremely excited.

Having long studied the three ancient pictures, along with the golden horned beast’s reaction, it made Luo Feng burn with excitement within.

The shape of the statue was important, but the importance was given to god itself!

Luo Feng had long studied the blurry ancient pictures formed by the aura, using Tearing Sky and land technique to comprehend and learn. After rushing into the whirlpool, he was even able to more clearly study the three pictures. Those three within were 10 times clearer than those formed by the aura outside. Hence that image of the god was also 10 times clearer!

And at this time!

This beast statue before him…it made Luo Feng feel as though there was a living ancient beast right before him! Even though it was a simple statue, however the god that statue portrayed, that energy… was countless times higher than the three ancient pictures.

“Howl…” The golden horned beast howled within the internal world.

It was howling.

Almost like a cat howling, trying to imitate a tiger!

That ancient beast was a tiger and the golden horned beast was but a weak cat!

“That was not the correct way!”

“Wrong, what I studied before was wrong.”

“Tearing sky and land, compared to this ancient beast’s 1st claw pales in comparison. Looking at the statue itself, I know the right path.” Almost like a living ancient beast here, the energy emitted from the statue revealed many secrets that indeed benefitted the golden horned beast.

“I have to acquire it!”

“This ancient beast statue, I have to get it!”

“This statue, to the golden horned beast is like the 9 universe tablet to the human body. I don’t know who carved this statue, but they were actually able to capture its essence.” The golden horned beast studied it awhile and immediately realized that this was far from an ordinary statue.

Luo Feng’s gaze fell on the white robed Yuke and Kuyan’s bodies.

Those two were sector lords!

“What do I do? These two are both sector lords. I have no way to snatch.” Luo Feng panicked within. “And there’s even Baqi and Qi Niu here, who were both sector lord pinnacle. And once they leave, they will swiftly take their universe ship and go.”

As Luo Feng was panicking…

“The beast god statue, is completely jade gold, and every inch of jade gold is incomparably valuable. It’s a material used by undyings to create weapons.” Baqi looked at the statue and exclaimed a couple of times. However, he seemed more enticed by the material and the worth of the jade gold that was used to make the statue.

“However, 18 statues, in terms of craftsmanship, all are at their peaks.” Baqi’s felt his problem and quickly complemented the work.

“Lord Baqi, as the medals have been delivered, we’ll return back to the shrine.” White Robe Yuke bowed.

Kuyan too kept the medals and bowed.

“Hm.” Baqi nodded.

Yuke, Kuyan and the other 8 envoys thus left.

Luo Feng stood there, frowning.


Chapter 535: Too Valuable

As the white robed Yuke and Kuyan left with the 8 envoys, Luo Feng left the palace too.

Sou!

He became a beam of green light rushing into the sky, quickly reaching his huge pit quarters.

“Undying shrine, Beast god statue?” Luo Feng looked at the skies. He could see 1,000 li in the sky, and there, a dark purple disc shaped ship floated around.

“Beast god statue!” Luo Feng recalled the statue.

Howl!

Li!

Looking at that statue was almost like looking at a live ancient beast itself.

Through the statue and its mysterious energy, he could feel the ancient beast’s first calw scene. Such artistic grace, unleashing an attack that could destroy the entire land and skies, it was so natural! The ancient beast’s claw was one that was infused with both universe laws and ground and sky laws.

It came into contact with almost every law!

Looking at the beast statue, the golden horned beast too had some revelations. It could use this to understand how to improve in its training. Maybe the statue wasn’t as godly as the 9 universe tablet.

However, to the golden horned beast, its importance was maybe even higher than the 9 universe tablet to it.

The only thing was that the statue was protected by two sector lords now.

“Hmph.” Luo Feng thought, and entered his huge pit quarters.

Blood river world space, Tian Shi palace.

This palace was located in space. In terms of size, it wasn’t smaller than a planet.

Within the 1st level of the palace, a group of sector lords in charge of surveillance were shocked as they looked at the huge screen.

“Ah, His majesty Luo Feng’s automaton ship has entered Blood River world.”

“Luo Feng’s ship, it’s been in space for so long. Why enter it now?”

“He’s preparing to return?”

“Be on your toes.”

The group of sector lords didn’t dare relax. Right now, Luo Feng was heavily favored by the upper echelons of the Virtual Universe company. In terms of position, he was much higher than the group of sector lords.

……

15th cloud level, the dark purple disc shaped ship was flying swiftly. In the 18th cloud level, disguised fully as a cloud was a silver white pyramid automaton ship. It too was swiftly flying. In terms of speed and flexibility…this undying automaton ship was much better in many aspects compared to the Yun Mo planet ship, much less the technologically backward ships of Blood River world.

Automaton ship, control room.

Black clothed Luo Feng sat in the sofa. A light screen appeared before it, and on it there was a marker.

“Beast god statue, I definitely have to get it. The 9 universe tablet, it’s hard to get even one chance to study it, and each time, there is a allowed study period of only 7 days. And this statue…is extremely important to the golden horned beast.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. In the vast universe, the strong preyed on the weak, and many races were destroyed and extinct due to this law of the jungle.

Everything was based on strength!

Even though the points from the blood river crystal were very important, and his rewards this time were huge, the beast god statue was hundreds to thousands of times more valuable than the 100k points!

“No matter what, I have to get it.” Luo Feng thought.

“Master, the target has been acquired. Currently maintaining a distance of 1.6million km.” The AI from the automaton ship spoke.

“Activate star annihilator cannon!” Luo Feng said coldly.

“Yes!” The ship’s AI wouldn’t defy him in the least.

A voice however resounded in the control room, shouting, “Luo Feng, what are you doing, why are you activating the star annihilator cannon? That’s a star annihilator cannon, and is comparable to an undying’s full attack. Just one shot can completely destroy a planet! The amount of energy used is shocking too. The automaton’s reserves aren’t that much, your one shot will use 1/3 of the reserves!”

While Babata was shouting in rage…

The control room resounded with the AI’s voice, “Star annihilator cannon 1 countdown, 60…59…58…”

“There’s a treasure I need to get from that ship.” Black clothed Luo Feng said coldly.

“Damn, is there a treasure that requires you to use this cannon? A star annihilator cannon is one of the pinnacle weapons in the entire human race of the universe. One shot is akin to an undyings full attack. However, because of its dispersed attack, it cannot be as condensed as a true undying, hence it cannot kill an undying. However, anything under an undying…will definitely be reduced to ashes! Aren’t you worried that the treasure you want will be destroyed too?”

The black clothed Luo Feng said coldly, “That’s a statue made of jade gold from Blood River continent.”

“Jade gold? Hm…” Babata seemed to realize, muttering, “What a waste.”

18 beast god statues, were from an era before a war over trillions of years ago.

Most of them had been retrieved, yet none of them seemed to be damaged in the least. Obviously, to actually damage these statues was extremely hard, even the undyings found it hard to do!

Even if one broke through a space ring, with the space inside broken, the statues would still remain unharmed.

Even after an undying is killed, the statues were still in perfect condition.

Undying shrine…

They’ve always regarded the statues as extremely important items to be worshiped. As their history was very special, what they represented was terrifying. Hence the undying shrine worshipped these statues! Other than the fact that they remained in perfect condition over countless years, the undyings had yet to find any other special use for them.

“30…29…28…” The countdown in the control room continued!

……

About 1.6million km from the automaton ship, the dark purple ship was flying.

Whether it was the automaton race or the human race, they mostly battled in space. Since the area in space was vast and unlimited, their scanning radius was naturally huge too. Much less this… automaton ship was made from a race of technology! Which was equal to an undying.

If it were detected by the ship made by the backward Blood River continent, that would be a joke.

……

Within the Dark purple ship.

“Yuke, that Baqi sure is arrogant. I painstakingly went all the way there, yet he didn’t even smile at me.” The fox like youth Kuyan sat crossed legged, lifting a wine glass and saying dissatisfied.

“Baqi was also known as blood god, he made his name because of his madness and slaughter. He may be closer to his blood god guards. However to others, he’s always been cold.” The white robed Yuke shook his head and smiled. “There is no way around it. Baqi is a genius of a trillion years, hence he can back his arrogance. We can only accept it!”

The fox like youth simply snorted coldly.

In front of Baqi earlier, he was affectionate and friendly. However, now he couldn’t hide it anymore.

“Kuyan.” The white robed Yuke changed the subject, “You giving this beast god statue to the undying shrine this time will get you a huge reward.”

“Haha…”The fox like youth smiled the moment he thought of the reward.

……

“6…5…4…3…2…1!” Energy storing complete!”

Within the silver white pyramid’s control room, Black clothed Luo Feng sat in the sofa. His eyes gleamed coldly as he ordered, “Fire!”

……

The silver white pyramid was 1,200m tall.

The large pyramid at this time revealed itself. The beautiful tip of the pyramid had a condensed glaring light ball as the entire surface of the ship had large amounts of light energy gathered at the tip. It got stronger and stronger, until it sparked like lightning, finally forming a light ball with a diameter of 300m.

With the order within the control room, “Fire!”

Chi!

The light ball at the tip became a light pillar with a diameter of 300m and immediately followed the calculated path from the AI within the ship and fired out!

……

Within the dark purple ship.

The fox like youth was still smiling, “Yuke, you relax, this…”

chi!

The 300m diameter light pillar immediately passed right through the purple ship, that ship’s diameter was but about 100m, it was completely engulfed by the light pillar. Under this terrifying attack, the two sector lords within the ship Kuyan and Yuke could only stare wide eyed in fear and were reduced to nothing.

The other 8 envoys within didn’t even have time to react and were destroyed!

Peng!

The space rings all broke apart one by one, and all the stored spaces within too were sliced open, with large amounts of items within being reduced to dust. However, within the fox like Kuyan’s ring, there were several items that managed to survive the light pillar’s attack. Especially that beast god statue…

Even after the space was destroyed, it was perfectly undamaged, almost like this attack was nothing but a gust of wind against it.

The light pillar immediately reduced the ship to dust. Simultaneously, a 300m diameter cavity appeared in the wilderness of the ancient god ruins below. The light pillar condensed and gathered and finally a huge explosion occurred! Rumble…tens of thousands of km around exploded. The area at the middle of the explosion was decimated, and countless rubble and stones flew everywhere.

Star annihilator cannon!

The truth that just one shot could destroy an entire planet, was not a joke at all.

……

At the depths of the huge pit, within the palace.

“Such a strong energy ripple?”

“Who is it?”

Sou! Sou!

Two silhouettes, one blood god Baqi and another Qi Niu swiftly rushed towards the energy ripple. Even the two captains of the blood god guards swiftly rose into the skies. All these characters flew out of the huge pit and headed towards the terrifying energy ripples.

“What’s going on?”

“Why has the lord left?”

The blood god guards all rose into the skies and flew out of the huge pit. Luo Feng too followed suit.

“Baqi, blood god guards.” Luo Feng looked at the guards swiftly flying out, thinking, “It’s time to say goodbye!”

Sou!

As Blood god Baqi rushed towards the energy ripples, Luo Feng rushed into the skies and simultaneously took off his wrist communicator, tossing the hard to destroy communicator deep into the pit. He himself swiftly flew through the 18 cloud levels and as the automaton ship drew close, he vanished into his internal world.

……

A huge crater with a diameter of tens of thousands of km could be seen.

Blood god Baqi and Qi Niu floated in mid air, gazing down at the size of the crater, and were utterly shocked.

“There’s no trace of origin law ripples.” Blood god Baqi’s face revealed shock. “This, this isn’t an undying’s attack”

“It’s the outsiders!” Qi Niu’s eyes too were filled with shock.

“Inform the shrine, immediately inform the shrine!”

……

And in the space above Blood River world, the automaton ship disguised as a meteorite flew.

Luo Feng lay in the sofa, lifting a wine glass and looked at the beast god statue that emitted a terrifying energy. He smiled happily and said, “1/3 of the energy reserves were used to exchange for a beast god statue. It’s definitely worth it. With such a small capital investment, I’ve gotten a huge profit, huge profit indeed!”


Chapter 536: Yu Dao Door

“Look at your smug face.” The energy formed silhouette of the demon Babata mocked.

“How can I not be satisfied?” Luo Feng put down the wine glass and lifted the beast god statue. Looking ahead at the vast space, it was dreamy and filled with dust and fog. Meteorites could also be seen everywhere.

Looking at the endless space, Luo Feng’s spirit rose. Looking down at the beast god statue, he almost felt as though the statue had become a live ancient beast that was roaring. This beast itself seem to embody the laws. The golden horned beast within his internal world also raised its head to howl, resounding throughout the entire internal world.

“This is it!”

“It’s the strongest thing I can rely on.” His eyes gleamed. While staring at the statue, he said “With this statue, comprehending that 1st claw will be much faster. This will also make my path to understanding the other paths easier and smoother!”

“I want to stand at the peak of the universe, and this will pave the way to achieve that!”

“My greatest reward from this Blood River world is this beast god statue!”

Luo Feng thought.

The Mosha clansmen appeared next to him. The black clothed Luo Feng immediately received the statue and disappeared within the internal world.

Within the internal world.

“Howl!”

The golden horned beast was like a black mountain range that stood there, and while it extended its right claw, it was even bigger than the Himalayan mountains. Black clothed Luo Feng placed the statue in its palm, after which the statue vanished and entered within the golden horned beast’s storage ring.

The golden horned beast had its own storage ring. As it frequently trained deities of the world etc, it required a space to retrieve its own treasures to swallow.

It stored the storage ring within the slits of its chest’s scales.

Generations of golden horned beasts too had placed their storage items within that slit, mainly because there was a space there that was actually suitable to place items.

…

Within the control room of the automaton ship.

Luo Feng looked ahead at the space, ordering, “Let’s go, head to Meng Na city!”

“Meng Na city?” Demon babata opened his mouth in shock.

Luo Feng looked at the virtual image of Babata beside and nodded his head. “Back then I placed Na Ke in Meng Na city, and it’s been 80 years already. Who knows what’s happened to him! I gave him some treasures back then…the treasures could move his heart. Hence, before leaving I want to go take a look, since Tian Shi palace is that direction too”

The space close to Swallow mound territory was the closest to Tian Shi palace.

For Luo Feng to return, he’d have to first head to Tian Shi palace, and since it was along the way, visiting Na Ke was a natural thing to do.

“Rumble!”

The automaton ship swiftly flew, quickly becoming a blurry light in space.

Ancient god ruins, the star annihilator cannon had left a huge crater there.

Baqi who was dressed in his blood robe and the mountain like wild beast Qi Niu along with the over 90 blood god guards all stationed themselves about the edges of the crater.

“Rumble!”

The skies shook.

Baqi, Qi Niu and the guards all looked up at a silhouette that had appeared in mid air. It was a tall and sturdy old man in grey stone colored armor, his hair stood erect. As he blinked, it was almost as though there was endless thunder energy, his gaze was like a thunder prison.

“Greetings undying.” Baqi bowed respectfully.

“God!”

The guards all knelt down orderly, even Qi Niu lowered his head. This grey armored old man gazed at the 10k km diameter crater. Rumble! Rumble! His gaze was like the sun, shooting out two light pillars, which pierced straight into the deep crater. It was almost as though he could see entirely though the red thick aura within the crater.

“Undying.” Baqi opened his mouth. Within this group, his status was the closest to that of an undying.

However in terms of power, of course the undying was still more powerful.

“This crater…” The old man’s voice was powerful and deep. “There’s no sense of laws, the terrifying attack that created this crater is indeed not one of an undying. However in terms of power…it’s definitely comparable to the full power of an undying. Only the outsider’s valuable technological weapons can create something of this level.”

“Looks like it’s really the outsiders.” Baqi nodded.

“This is very serious.” The stone armored old man frowned saying solemnly. “Because of this huge crater…” the undying shrine had already discussed this with the highest priority. According to that terrifying ancient battle before, from all the data that we’ve collected. Even from the outsiders, weapons with power comparable to an undying are highly unlikely.”

Indeed.

The universe humans may have great technological advancements. However, power that matched that of an undying could only be created through immeasurable amounts of wealth. But that was simply not worth it.

The only ones that had truly reached the pinnacle of technology was the automaton race!

“These few years, there would frequently be outsiders entering our Blood River continent.” The stone armored old man frowned. “We caught all we could and killed all we could. However these are small matters. This time however, for someone to have such a powerful weapon, the person who’s invaded our world must have a very high status!”

“Hm.” Baqi nodded.

“Also according to the world leader Kuyan and Yuke’s ship, their signal was cut halfway in this region. Right here, they met with a tragic end.” The stone armored old man said. “Obviously the enemy used this weapon to attack from far, destroying the ship and killing both Kuyan and Yuke. This level of technological attack, those two couldn’t even defend against. Even Baqi you, wouldn’t have 1% of surviving that attack.”

Baqi’s body shuddered.

Technological weapon?

It was actually so powerful?

“Be on high alert!” The stone armored old man said. “You are our Blood River continent’s rare genius of a trillion years. If you were killed by a technological weapon, that would be the worst possible result.”

Baqi nodded. Gritting his teeth, he asked unsatisfied, “Are we to simply just bear with this? Not retaliating?”

“Retaliate, what do you mean retaliate?” The stone armored old man looked at Baqi. He was feeling exhausted within. Without truly experiencing the ancient tragic battle from before, it was hard to imagine just how powerful the outsiders were, because of many reasons, the undying shrine was able to maintain governance.

And he, was an ancient survivor of that battle.

Back then, he was only a sector lord, he didn’t truly participate in the battle, otherwise he would have died long ago.

However he knew many secrets to that ancient battle.

“Our Blood River continent’s power is still far too weak.” The stone armored old man replied. “We cannot think of retaliating yet, we can only train well. Everything relies on power. As for this matter, you don’t need to bother with it…the outsiders rarely send someone so important. Our undying shrine will not be careless too. If we catch him, we may know more secrets from that person!”

Over a trillion years, the undying shrine had indeed caught a few universe geniuses.

Baqi nodded.

Sou!

The stone armored old man became a bolt of lightning and flashed, vanishing from the skies. As an undying, that old man’s speed…was even faster than the ships their undying shrine had built!

“Lord.” Blood god guard’s two captains came over, the others all hadn’t heard Baqi’s conversation with the undying.

“I told you all to send a message to all the world leaders to check on any news of 97. Have you done that?” Baqi looked at the two captains.

“Lord.” The captain number 1 said respectfully. “We’ve already sent out the messages. However Lord, are we not to investigate personally? I suspect 97 could still be in the area.”

“We don’t have time to investigate!”

Baqi shook his head coldly. “He actually betrayed me, there’ll be no place for him on Blood River continent!” A month ago when the huge crater was created, blood god guard 97 had secretly left, enraging Blood god Baqi. He had once heavily favored 97. So, he didn’t expect to be betrayed.

However…

Baqi never would have thought that 97, didn’t need to stay at all in Blood River continent. Because his true limits, were the endless vast universe…

The automaton was disguised as a meteorite, and after about 2 months of flying in space, it finally reached Meng Na city’s space.

“Master, we’ve arrived at Meng Na city.” The automaton ship AI said.

Sitting crossed legged in the control room, Luo Feng, who was studying the universe wonders opened his eyes and smiled, “Little Na Ke, I hope you are still alive.”

…

His earth body sat in the automaton ship. He let the Mosha body fly out before flying back into space.

Shua!

Black robed Luo Feng walked in the luxurious bustling streets of Meng Na city.

It’s been two months since I fired the cannon and acquired the beast god statue. I believe the effect would be pretty great. For safety reasons, I’ll leave the core in space, there’ll be no loss then.” Black clothed Luo Feng was very relaxed. Even if he met with a dire situation and the Mosha body was reduced to dust.

With a little energy usage, he could easily reform the body.

As long as the core was fine, the three bodies were essentially undying.

The core was Luo Feng’s true core.

“Ahead is Yu Dao sect.” Luo Feng walked along the streets, buying little snacks along the way to eat, and casually gazing about. “I ordered Na Ke back then strictly to not leave this place unless he reached cloud level (Universe level), he should have listened to me.”

After a while.

Luo Feng stood in the streets. Looking at the luxurious mansion, there was a tag on the door.

“This is the Ni residence, don’t hang around the entrance, make way.”

“Black clothed punk, move to the side.”

The two guards at the door ordered.

Luo Feng’s expression was ugly, looking at the two guards.

Rumble!

The two guards felt as though the land and skies about them vanished. The black clothed youth before them, his formless pressure…caused them both to crumble.

“I’m asking you, where’s the Yu Dao sect?” Black clothed Luo Feng asked coldly.

“Yu Dao sect, it was destroyed long ago.”

The two guards said in shock.

At this time, the oncoming traffic of people couldn’t hear anything. They could only see the two guards speaking to the black clothed youth, not hearing anything they said.

Luo Feng’s gaze focused, “Tell my in detail what happened to the Yu Dao sect.”

“Yes, yes.”

“We’ll speak.”

The two guards immediately began to explain in detail about how after the Yu Dao sect was destroyed and how someone came to avenge it later.


Chapter 537: 80 Years Later Na Ke

In the dark night, the Mosha clansman left Mengna city without a trace, returning to the automaton ship in the sky.

Within the control room.

Luo Feng sat in the sofa. His expression was cold, as he said softly, “Depart towards Swallow mound city.” The automaton ship immediately accelerated and headed towards Swallow mound city.

“What’s up, Luo Feng?” The demon Babata too sat in the sofa.

“Around 50 years ago, the Yu Dao sect was destroyed.” Luo Feng frowned. “The elite strength was simply wiped out and the entire sect was destroyed…and it was actually the earliest disciple of the sect that did it. About 30 years ago, a silver haired spirit reader appeared and killed that culprit before leaving.”

“What about little Na Ke?” Demon Babata asked.

“According to what the two guards told me, I suspect that silver haired spirit reader was Na Ke.” Luo Feng said. “Back then, I left him spirit reader training methods. If my guess isn’t wrong, Na Ke would very likely have headed towards Swallow mound city.”

“Hm.” Demon Babata nodded.

Sou!

The automaton ship was swiftly flying in the space above the Blood River world.

One day later, it reached the space above the swallow mound territory.

Following the same procedure, he left his core in his earth body in the automaton ship. The mosha clansman dived through the cloud levels and headed towards swallow mound city.

Night time.

The cold winds howled, and in a forest 10 million km outside swallow mound city, within a particular cave.

“Crackle!” The fire crackled, giving the entire cave warmth.

“Father.” A tall silver haired youth laid a mat on the ground. Some food appeared in his hand, “Let’s eat. We fled so far in one go, and we are at least ten million km away from Swallow mound city. And we never entered the city, remaining in the wilderness. Searching pointlessly for us won’t be an easy task for them.”

“Hm.”

An old looking middle aged man with messy silver hair nodded. Lifting his fruit juice and taking the food off the mat, eating as he smiled at the youth. His eyes were filled with pride and glee. Exclaiming, “Ke Ke, you are much more mature than before. For me to see you before I die, the heavens are treating me well. Speak, tell me how you suddenly vanished back then, I looked for you everywhere like a madman.”

“Father.” The silver haired youth shook his head, “This is how it all happened…”

Na Ke began to tell him in detail of what happened back then. Nabu listened with his eyes opened wide.

“I, I actually agreed for you to follow Lord Feng? And had him wipe my memories?” Nabu was shocked, after which he smiled. “Hm, I would indeed do that. Tell me, over these many years. Looking at you…you seem to have suffered quite a bit.”

The aboriginals of Blood River world were born ground level (star traveller), and in the vast surroundings, it had resulted in many special bloodlines in the world.

The Na Family…

The bloodline was special too. After maturing, their hair would turn silver.

“It’s like this, back then when big brother Feng took me…” The silver haired youth said indifferently, “…that night I fled Meng Na city, I vowed to take revenge for my teacher…”

“I bumped into another teacher at Tong Lian mountain.”

“…”

“I then separated from my two brothers and headed to Swallow mound city alone. Arriving here, I controlled my bones and muscles to change my appearance. Plus, many of the warriors from back then couldn’t recognize me. Since I’m a cloud level right now, with a scan, I discovered the family was destroyed but you were still alive. I knew that it was a trap. Hence, I first entered the city leader’s mansion to become a general, after half a year…”

Na Ke spoke for more than an hour before finally finishing his 80 year story.

Nabu looked at the youth before him, seemingly in disbelief. This cautious, cunning and brutal youth, was the same idol worshipping, hot blooded silly little Na Ke.

His son had indeed experienced quite a lot.

Meng Na city, Tong Lian Mountain, Flame eye clan…every bit of Na Ke’s experiences, every life or death struggle, had completely trained him.

“You’ve grown up.” Nabu exclaimed softly.

“The one I am most grateful for is Big brother Feng.” The silver haired youth smiled. “He had prepared so much for me, and because of that, I was able to withstand each and every setback and stand back up! Finally reaching cloud level…however cloud level isn’t my final goal. My goal is to reach the domain level and even the world level!”

“Hm.” Nabu nodded, pleased.

His gamble back then was right!

…

Within Swallow Mound City.

City leader’s mansion.

“You are saying you can’t find him?” The purple clothed lady stood in the hall, coldly staring at the city leader Puyang Wen before her.

Puyang Wen bowed slightly in fear. “Yes, the subordinates, they…”

“Explain.” The purple clothed seductive lady’s eyes gleamed.

“It’s the subordinate’s mistake. I’ve already sent a million strong army to go search…”Puyang Wen’s head was filled with sweat, because he was only a low level domain level while this lady before him was a high level domain level, and she was also the world leader Si Yong’s favorite disciple!

She could easily destroy him! And the only thing he was supposed to do was to keep an eye on Nabu. But, since he messed that up, how could he not be fearful?

“Idiot!”

“Useless!”

The purple clothed lady smiled coldly. “Million strong army? You said before that it was a problem with your general. That general was a cloud level spirit reader. How fast is his flying speed? In just a breath, he can fly 10 million km without a problem. Which direction should your million strong army fly in to search? Are you stupid?”

Puyang Wen was stunned.

“Get out, get out, get out.” The lady raged.

“Yes.” Puyang Wen retreated.

He waited till he exited the building. His face originally filled with fear, but suddenly his eyes gleamed with dissatisfaction. “Right, I am an idiot. If I weren’t one before…why did you support me to becoming the city leader back then? Just wait, once my master gives the order, we’ll see who’s the real idiot is!”

…

Within the hall.

The seductive lady glanced at Puyang Wen, shaking her head and smiling coldly, “So useless, luckily back then I didn’t place any hopes on that idiot.”

“Di.”

The lady flipped her hand and a communication device appeared. A screen with a map displayed and there was a light dot on it. The lady smiled immediately, “Who would stupidly keep an eye on him? Back then I doped him and put a chip into his already heavily injured body. Won’t I always know his position then?”

The communication device, compared to the universe ship’s construction was trillions of times easier to make.

Those sector lords had given these devices to their important underlings. The purple clothed lady, as the right and left hand woman of world leader Si Yong, acquiring these communication devices was very easy.

“The distance is really 10 million km.” The lady smiled. “I’m in no rush to catch them. I’ll first observe, I am sure that silver haired man will bring Nabu to go see that mysterious warrior Feng.”

The silver haired seductive lady immediately sent a message to her teacher Si Yong.

Following which she flew out of the mansion alone, rushing into the sky in the night, headed towards Nabu and Na Ke.

“She is the strongest within Swallow mound city!”

“The activation of the swallow mound army, according to the investigation, is to look for Nabu and the silver haired general.”

“Hm, that silver haired spirit reader general should be Na Ke. And that lady…flying out so late at night, she should know their location.” A black silhouette followed the purple haired lady from behind.

Over 10 million km, even if the purple haired lady was a domain lord level 8 warrior, with Blood River world’s strong gravity, she could only reach up to 1,000km per second. Even then, it would still take over three hours for her to arrive at the forest.

“I’ll not alert him first.”

“Teacher will be here soon, then we’ll take the chance to catch Feng. That mysterious Feng, he actually dared to kill my two seniors and the undying shrine envoys, he deserves to die.” The purple haired lady stood on a branch of a 3m thick huge tree, staring coldly into the distance, and completely hiding her presence.

Domain lords were indeed proficient in hiding their presence.

At this time, from behind her a black clothed man stood.

“Hm?” The purple clothed lady seemed to realize something and looked back suspiciously. When she saw the black robed Luo Feng in mid air behind, her expression changed.

Black clothed?

Black short hair? Youth?

“You are Feng?” The lady’s expression was serious, staring hard at the black robed man.

“Looking for me? Congratulations, you’ve found me.” The black clothed Luo Feng nodded.

“Xiu!”

Her eyes flashed and immediately unleashed a spirit attack, simultaneously using a spirit weapon to attack.

“Weng!” A beautiful flash of a blade. Its resplendence was intoxicating, the purple clothed lady couldn’t help but get shocked, following which her consciousness fell deep into darkness. The flash disappeared and Luo Feng kept his blood shadow blade back into his storage ring and grabbed the lady’s neck.

She had a small wound on her stomach, the blade went through the wound and pierced right through her life core, causing her death.

In terms of power?

After 80 years of training, his internal world had swallowed the large amounts of prepared valuable metals, efficiency rising to 52 times. 80 years was akin to over 4000 years, and the domain lord level evolution 7, 8, 9 required 1200 years, domain lord level 1 to sector lord level 1, required about 5000 years.

Currently…

The golden horned beast and Mosha clansman were both domain level 9. And in terms of power, not level, they were absurdly powerful! With the Mosha clansman able to unleash 10 times its original power…it was terrifying.

“Who is it!”

In the cave, the silver haired Na Ke’s expression changed, standing at the entrance of the cave.

“It’s me.” The black clothed Luo Feng walked over from mid air, carrying the body of the purple clothed lady.

“Feng, big brother Feng!” The silver haired Na Ke stared wide eyed.

“Feng, Lord Feng.” Nabu was very shocked too.

The silver haired youth looked at the body Luo Feng held, even more shocked, “This, this is the 3rd disciple of world leader Si Yong, she…”

Black clothed Luo Feng threw her body to the ground and said, “You are in danger now, the world leader Si Yong is rushing over.”


Chapter 538: Luo Feng VS World Leader

“Si Yong?” The silver haired youth Na Ke and his father were at a loss.

Si Yong was the world leader of this side of the world, a being like an emperor!

“Si Yong knows you are here and is rushing over.” Luo Feng had discovered the purple clothed lady’s communicator after he killed her. Using his own AI to hack it, he was able to find out quite a lot.

“How were we discovered? I was very careful when I took my dad over.” Na Ke was in disbelief.

“Because there’s a chip in your dad’s body.” Luo Feng replied.

“What?” Na ke turned to look at his father. Nabu’s face was filled with suspicion. Na Ke quickly used his spirit energy to scan his father’s body, finally finding a little chip within the bone of his leg, immediately saying, “Father, bear with me, I’ll extract the chip.”

Over his years of exploring, Na Ke had heard of the communication devices. Usually those equipped with them were all domain level.

A black light swept past Nabu’s leg and the device was immediately dug out. After which he used his spirit energy to pressure the wound, and with Nabu’s body structure, this little wound was nothing.

Luo Feng ordered the quantum computer, “Do a scan to see if there are any more devices in his body.”

“Yes master.” The AI shot out a signal scan, “Confirmed, only one device and its been extracted.”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng looked at the father and son before him. “Na Ke, Nabu, quickly leave…ah, right,” He flipped his hand and retrieved a space ring, tossing it to Na Ke.

“This is?” Na Ke was stunned.

“Wealth.” Luo Feng said.

Since he was leaving Blood River world, the currency of this world had no more use to him. However…through his hunt, he had acquired quite a massive amount of wealth. The amount he was giving them right now was about 100 times that of a city leader, Luo Feng didn’t even take out the rest.

Too much wasn’t a good thing for Na Ke. He had given enough.

“Hurry and leave.” Luo Feng said. “The further the better…as for Si Yong, I’ll stall him for you!”

“Big brother Feng!” Na Ke couldn’t help but shout.

“Lord Feng, you…” Nabu too couldn’t believe it.

“Quickly go!” Luo Feng frowned, shouting coldly.

Na Ke and Nabu were afterall clean law abiding people that had been through much suffering. At this point, there wasn’t much else to say. Na Ke immediately brought his father, stepping on a spirit weapon and becoming a beam of light leaving.

Watching the two leave, Luo Feng smiled.

“Little Na Ke, during my trip here in Blood River continent, it was fate that made us meet each other. Your future depends on your own self now.” Luo Feng said softly. After which he rushed into the skies and landed on the peak of a 1000m tall mountain. Standing alone on top, gazing into the distant horizon, “A domain lord has no challenge to me whatsoever, only a sector lord has some meaning!”

“Come Si Yong!”

Luo Feng stood there, the winds blew, he patiently waited.

…

A silver black disc appeared in the 15th cloud level above that mountain.

“According to the communication device coordinates, its right here.” Almost like the ocean blue, dressed in black armor, Si Yong’s lips were thin and cold. He vanished from the ship and became a black beam of light rushing downwards through the 15th, 14th…

Right till the 1st cloud level heading towards that forest.

Suddenly!

He stopped in mid air, frowning as he looked at the majestic peak of the mountain. There stood a black clothed man.

“I’m called…”He stared hard at him, “Feng!”

“Feng!” Si Yong unleashed his world energy, immediately discovering the purple clothed lady’s body, his facial muscles twitched, “My disciple…”

“Dead.” The black clothed man said coldly, “I killed her!”

Si Yong’s eyes were like lightning, struggling, he roared, “You actually dare kill my disciples in my territory, you are but a small domain level…”

“If you want to battle, cut the chatter, let’s fight.” The black clothed man’s eyes were piercing, filled with fighting spirit.

Si yong was taken aback. A domain level challenging a world level? What joke was that.

After he was stunned, he turned to rage!

“Haha, haha…” Si Yong laughed , “Today will be your funeral!”

The cold mountain breeze howled, Luo Feng’s blood however was burning and boiling. The blue haired man before him was a sector lord. Just from his energy alone, he should be about sector lord 4 or 5.

Domain level 9 challenging sector lord 4 or 5?

And there was a breakthrough in between?

Madness!

Even the strongest genius of the universe wouldn’t attempt something like that, because the level difference was too huge. Just strength alone was tens of times different! What’s more…a sector lord could use a side of his world to pressure his enemy. Even if the enemy was strong, no one would be that crazy.

Only Luo Feng dared to do something so insane! In terms of genius…he was now comparable to Bolan, the pinnacle of the universe humans. And right now he was a favoured of space, the universe’s strongest assassins…Mosha clansman!

“Domain level 9 against a sector lord 4 or 5?” Luo Feng stared ahead at Si Yong in mid air, as his spirits were burning wildly.

…

The two suddenly grew silent.

One stood above the majestic peak, and one in mid air. The two who faced off were completely silent.

“Rumble…”Suddenly the land and skies changed colors. The black armored Si Yong floated in mid air, his long hair flying, his gaze shooting out glaring beams of light. Laughing loudly, “You think you can fight me?” Immediately the mountain stones, including the mountain Luo Feng was standing on began to crumble.

Countless amounts of rubble rose up and floated in mid air.

A blur of stones floated all over.

“Go!” Si Yong pointed at Luo Feng, coldly ordering.

Hu…

Like a mad tornado, countless stones passed through space. This was tens of millions of times more crazy than ten million arrows being shot, and all of them engulfed Luo Feng, almost as though it wanted to turn his entire body into a target! Si Yong was a sector lord level 5, even though he was controlling so many stones, every one of them had the power to kill a domain lord level 9. Hence, with so many gathered, the power was terrifying!

Using pure power to suppress his enemy!

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Under the attacks of countless stones, the mountains crumbled and every one of them began to fall. Countless trees fell, the ripple from every stone’s attack clashed time and again. Thousands of km were affected by the countless high powered ripples, decimating and razing the surroundings to the ground.

“Your stones fly too slowly.” A voice resounded.

Si Yong turned fiercely, and on his left stood Luo Feng. He was shocked within, “This punk Feng is so fast. His instantaneous speed is definitely much faster than me! Much faster!”

“Use your real strength, otherwise killing you will be pointless.” Luo Feng flipped his hand and a blood shadow blade appeared. He stared at his opponent, as his eyes burned with spirit.

Shua!

Luo Feng immediately rushed forward, his rushing speed was extremely quick. Even though he was prepared, Si Yong was still shocked. His options were limited, quickly projecting his internal world, the vast world energy immediately warped and changed everything within the 1,000 li area!

The scenery changed, it was a destroyed mountain range in the night before.

Now however it was an endless ocean, the water below even had an ice mountain.

“Hm?” Luo Feng immediately felt the terrifying pressure, almost as though his entire body was shackled.

“This is the true power of a sector lord, the strongest trump card a sector lord can use against a domain lord…an entire world? Indeed its powerful. With the pressure of the world, all of my powers will decrease in strength!” Luo Feng licked his lips, his eyes burning even more, “This is thrilling, fighting with everything!”

Shua!

Under the pressure of the world, over 10 thousand Luo Feng’s appeared in the air above the ocean. The appearance of the blur of images made Si Yong shocked.

“My god, even with my world pressure he still can form over 10 thousand images? This, this…his comprehension of the space laws, just what level has he reached? “Si Yong was completely stunned. Not even mentioning Blood River world, even in the universe there were extremely few people of this level.

“Hua!”

A resplendent flash of a blade could be seen, which was extremely glaring and intoxicating.. The moment it flashed, the surrounding space seemed to be subdued, and a formless space energy pressured on Si Yong’s region. Through the space pressure…he was able to battle the world pressure!

“Just what level have his space laws reached?” As Si Yong was shocked. One black and one white awl appeared before him.

Dang!

The white awl brought with it endless ice cold energy, as the surroundings froze into ice and snow and attacked Luo Feng’s blade!

“Chi!” Luo Feng felt his body tremble and fresh blood spurting out from his mouth. Simultaneously he shouted, “Illusion!”

Hu!

His body immediately became a blur, the surroundings became nothing but a blur of images. This made Si Yong get even more serious. Suddenly a blur of silhouettes seem to teleport right beside him, simultaneously the brutal and powerful energy of a blade slashed right at Si Yong.

“Block.” Si Yong retreated abruptly, simultaneously using the black awl to defend.

“Dang!”

The powerful blade actually knocked away the black awl, its strong slash sliced right at Si Yong’s neck.

“Rumble!” Four shields appeared beside Si Yong’s body and they floated around him. Luo Feng’s blade hit one of them head on… knocking Si Yong’s entire body backwards by 100 km.

The Mosha clansman’s strongest trump card!

Illusionary 7 blades…Burial!

Before coming to Blood River world, his strongest move was the dutchman’s pipe. And because of how the golden horned beast had been studying the 1st claw and had fast comprehension of it, this 1st claw became Luo Feng’s strongest move. The 1st claw was very similar to Burial.

Studying the 1st claw had made his comprehension of Burial soar. After 80 years, this move instead became the Mosha clansman’s strongest move!

Burial, why burial?

Using one’s full strength, even sacrificing himself to unleash the most brutal and intrepid attack! It was incredibly powerful!

Si Yong who was knocked back had an ugly expression. Looking at the 4 shields before him, his eyes focused once more. “I was actually forced to use my world, defensive weapons and spirit weapons all in a short amount of time. This, this…” Before this, Si Yong never would have thought that he’d be forced by a domain lord to use all his tricks.

“Yayaya!!!” Si Yong’s entire face was flushed red. He roared and stared at the distant Luo Feng. “Punk, I’ll let you know that a domain level cannot defeat a world level. It’s just impossible!!!”


Chapter 539: Go and Die!

The surface of the ocean was roaring, and the many blocks of ice floating there were flying about, and the owner of this world Si Yong was floating in mid air. He currently had a very troubled expression. Obviously in this short time, this domain lord had forced him into such a state of rage. It was humiliating, a sector lord’s humiliation!

“Words are useless.” Luo Feng was dressed in black. Standing far in the distance, his body once again became a blur and through the Mosha clansman’s use of Illusionary techniques movement, it was like a fish in water. his close combat instantaneous acceleration far exceeded that of this sector lord.

An illusion appeared.

Si Yong immediately retreated!

“Explode!” Si Yong roared.

Immediately, the two black and white awls before him let out a glaring light, the surroundings about the white awl became extremely cold and froze into ice. Snow was fluttering about. The area surrounding the black awl however howled, as the black water took shape, making the black awl like a black dragon.

Rumble! Rumble!

A black water dragon and a white ice dragon interweaved about, even shaking the entire world. The endless world energy poured into these two ‘dragons’, of which the black dragon was filled with endless energy while the white was filled with absolute killing intent!

This move was called the Dual Dragon Pierce. It was Si Yong’s trump card from studying the water origin laws. While maybe his comprehension levels didn’t compare to Luo Feng’s, however it was still infused with origin laws. Also, in terms of pure power and the world pressure, his advantage was obvious.

“Rumble!”

The two dragons flew around each other like a huge electric drill, immediately creating an image and reaching right before Luo Feng.

“That speed, it’s so fast.” Luo Feng who was moving at his max speed looked at the black and ice dragon that seemed to reach him in an instant. He became a blur for a moment before changing his direction and dodging, simultaneously a 6 edged shield appeared before him, defending him.

That push from the shield seemed simple enough, however it was almost as though the entire space was pushed back!

“Rumble!”

The black and ice dragons that were weaving in and out together were affected by the space pressure. Due to this, they clashed into the 6 edged shield and as they clashed… the two dragons exploded with terrifying power, knocking Luo Feng far back as fresh blood spurt from his mouth. At this point, the 6 edged shield too was knocked far away.

Xiu! Xiu!

The core of the two dragons, the black and white awls revealed their true state and pierced straight at Luo Feng.

“Shua!” Luo Feng who was in mid air immediately dodged, over 10k images appeared in the surroundings.

“Clash, explode and pierce!” Luo Feng looked at his hand below. The left arm which was completely broken from holding the shield earlier was bloody however black energy was wrapped around it and in an instant, it completely recovered. “After Infusing with the origin laws, world energy, and an entire world behind this attack, when the two spirit weapons combined…this move is extremely powerful.”

Si Yong who was floating in mid air looked delighted initially. However, right after he began to rage. Howling, “You still aren’t dead? I don’t believe you can’t die!”

“Go!!!”

Si Yong howled, his face was pale as he pointed with gritted teeth, seemingly using his full concentration to control the spirit weapons.

Rumble! Rumble!

The two awls immediately formed an arc and the air about them once again concentrated into an icy aura and the ice dragon, while the other black one had black water surrounding it, forming a black water dragon. It was even clearer than the earlier move.

The two dragons’ claws, horns and wings were complete this time.

“Go and die, die, die!!!” Si Yong was completely immersed in madness.

Howl…

“Howl…”

The two huge dragons howled through the surroundings. Who knew whether it was them howling or just the sound waves generated from their extreme speed. The two life like dragons spiraled, their tails waving about, claws glistening in the light, their bodies rushed forward and immediately countless images vanished. Luo Feng was finally forced into a difficult situation.

“There’s an absolute difference of at least 10 times. He has the world to help him, along with comprehension of water laws. This is a spirit reader that extremely hard to deal with.”

“Even with this mosha body, it’s a very taxing to battle. However, only this can be considered a challenge!” Luo Feng moved as fast as he could. The mosha clansman was the strongest assassins in the universe. They were proficient in stealth killings, and the Illusionary techniques was just one path for it.

The Illusionary techniques combined with the Mosha clansman’s illusions was an absolute combo!

Under Si Yong’s mad howls, even though Luo Feng was injured time and again, he still managed to survive. As for the injuries? The Mosha clansman’s body was an energy life form, its wounds could recover swiftly

“Chi!” Luo Feng spit out fresh blood again, once again dodging.

“Chi!”

The flash of a blade was clawed away by the ice dragon, its claw was completely destroyed, however, it quickly reformed. And as Luo Feng was knocked away, he dodged and once again vanished.

“How can this be, why is he still not dead?” Si Yong stared wide eyed. With a struggling expression, he said, “He’s only at domain level, and I am at world level!”

“Just what ghostly movement allows him to move that quickly and so unpredictably!”

“Getting injured time and again, yet it has no effect at all.”

Si Yong floated in mid air controlling the two spirit weapons to attack Luo Feng. Obviously he had the upper hand…however he was still unable to achieve victory! He was pressuring Luo feng over and over, but Luo Feng seemed fine. That movement was ghostly, and his attacks were as terrifying as before. This made Si Yong extremely troubled.

“I can only shrink the area.”

“After that, the area I need to focus my attacks in will be smaller. This way, the efficiency will be higher.” Si Yong realized the problem. As the area they were fighting in was too huge, it allowed Luo Feng to easily dodge 10km away and flash about hundreds of times. With such a huge space, when Luo Feng unleashed his movement…the two spirit weapons naturally couldn’t achieve victory!

Rumble…

The two huge dragons retreated and stayed close to Si Yong! Luo Feng would be attacked within a 100km diameter area before. However now with them retreating, only when Luo Feng entered a 30km diameter area around Si Yong was he attacked.

The area was smaller!

Naturally the efficiency was higher!

“Smart, you finally realized the problem.” Having been forced back time and again, unable to even approach Si Yong, Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed He immediately rushed at Si Yong, and as he did…the two spirit weapons didn’t even budge.

As he drew closer however, only then did they howl out! The reduced battle area made the two dragons instantly close their distance with Luo Feng, making it taxing on Luo Feng to dodge.

“Rumble!”

One clash made Luo Feng’s entire body tremble, and fresh blood spurted from his mouth, nose and even ears. He could only retreat and dodge.

“Hahaha…” Seeing the obvious advantage, Si Yong laughed loudly. “A world level is a world leader, a domain level is just a domain level. No matter how much of a genius you are, you’ll still die without a doubt!!!”

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Luo Feng dodged time and again drawing closer to Si Yong!

The smaller battle area had its pros and cons. The good thing was that with his speed at close distance, he could occasionally get close to Si Yong. The bad part was…the closer he got, the faster the attacks were even and the reaction time was shorter!

“Shua!”

Almost like a ghostly flash, he closed in the 30km distance and instantly reaching about 100m away from Si Yong. Si Yong controlled his 4 sided shield and simultaneously used his two spirit weapons to surround and attack Luo Feng!

“I didn’t believe that with such close distance, you will be able to withstand up to 3 attacks. But 10 to s hundred attacks?” Si Yong howled!

“Burial!”

Luo Feng roared softly, unleashing his strongest move. The grey flash of the blade was brutal, instantly slicing through 10m of distance, and slashed at Si Yong. The power of that flash, the intrepid energy was simply terrifying! The surrounding space around it was completely controlled…

The flash headed forward and had a hint of gold light.

Illusionary 7 blades…burial!

“It’s useless.” Si Yong laughed.

Rumble! Rumble!

His two sided shield came over to block. The 1st side was knocked back but the 2nd managed to block the blade!

“Rumble!” The two dragons howled from behind, attacking Luo Feng!

The blade had yet to have any effect. Luo Feng squinted and immediately released the blade in his hand, his right hand suddenly grew longer! It was originally a normal human arm, in an instant it grew and pierced swiftly towards the shield, extending over 10m long, its life crystal too was within that right arm!

“Rumble!”

The two huge dragons clashed into his body and it immediately exploded, fresh blood and bones scattering.

“What!” Si Yong looked at the sudden growth of the right arm that extended and was extremely shocked.

“How did his arm grow so long, is it from the armor? It’s useless, his body has been destroyed, even if the life crystal is ok, without a flesh body to trigger it, it’s unable to trigger sufficient energy!” Si Yong was calm, triggering energy required passing through the backbone and muscles etc.

Once the body was destroyed, leaving only a broken arm, what was the use?

Shua!

The blade flashed and instantly sliced through Si Yong’s neck, piercing into his body and scanning within, it pierced straight into the life core and broke it!

“How, how is that possible…” Si Yong stared wide eyed, “How can a fake hand extended from the armor unleash such terrifying bladework? Once the body is destroyed, how can it even attack with power?” Before dying, many thoughts passed through Si Yong’s mind, following which, he crumbled and his consciousness faded!

The two huge dragons immediately crumbled and fell, revealing 2 spirit weapons. The world around too crumbled and the endless ocean dissolved, revealing a decimated mountain range.

The spirit weapons fell from mid air, the shield too followed suit.

Si Yong was defeated!

“Chi chi chi…” That broken arm instantly wrapped itself with black energy and as the energy gathered, it became a black clothed Luo Feng.

His eyes were filled with fatigue, however also with ecstasy and excitement. “I’ve succeeded!” Luo Feng lowered his gaze to look at Si Yong’s body. Thinking within, “A true human, if their body was destroyed, they can only use spirit attacks, and not close quarters physical attacks. However…the mosha clansman is an energy life form. If I wanted to, I could change to tens of millions of things, much less a broken limb. I can even change into a cloud contact vine, a stone and I’d still be able to attack!”


Chapter 540: Tian Shi Palace

The Mosha clansman could transform into almost anything, be it humans, bones, muscles, skin, the internal organs, hair, eyes and nose etc all would be exactly similar to that of a real human! Even if it got injured and its bones broke, the impact causing blood to be spit out…everything was exactly like that of a real human. And if it changed to a golden horned beast.

Similarly, every scale, horn even the engravings on the scales.

Of course…the larger the size, the more energy it required. Even if the mosha clansman transformed into the golden horned beast, it would only be a 10m huge golden horned beast. If it wanted to transform to tens of km, hundreds of km like the mountain range like huge beast, the energy within the life crystal would be depleted very quickly!

…

Night, the cold winds blew.

The mountain range was reduced to a wasteland. Black clothed Luo Feng gazed down below.

“I actually used the Mosha body to kill Si Yong?” Luo Feng was excited. “Even though the mosha clansman is strong, it’s still after all strong in assassination only. During a true 1v1 battle like this…there are many stronger than the mosha clansman!”

If it were the 12 pinnacle bloodlines of the space beasts.

Which of them weren’t incomparably intrepid?

And just like the ancient beast in the ancient pictures in Blood River world, which was just as intrepid. And the pinnacle of the bug clan in the universe the Mother nest, and the metal life forms, plant life forms, the powerful existences, these were all beings comparable to the golden horned beast.

All of them were incredibly intrepid.

“The mosha clansman is strong in assassination.”

“Actually, I only required to kill one of his disciples and transform into him. Then using the natural ability to imitate that disciple’s energy.” Luo Feng thought, “That way, even if I stood before Si Yong, he wouldn’t sense any problem at all.”

“When I get close, with him defenseless, I’ll kill him in an instant!”

“That would be much much easier than fighting it out like before.” Luo Feng was clear. Allowing the Mosha clansman to assassinate Si Yong wouldn’t have been a challenge at all.

The main thing was its natural ability to duplicate was simply too sick.

Completely imitating a person, not just in appearances but in energy too? One wouldn’t even detect anything. Even in the vast universe, with countless races, the mosha clan still struck fear in all these races as the most terrifying assassins. If its natural ability wasn’t so powerful, it wouldn’t have gotten the name Universe’s strongest assassins.

“I was able to kill him!”

“Even though it was partially due to Si Yong’s poor comprehension of the laws, however with the gap in our power, I still succeeded. It also shows that my improvement over these 80 years was huge.” Luo Feng was happy within. Gazing below at the decimated mountain rage, as Si Yong’s internal world crumbled, large amounts of treasures were scattered throughout.

Luo Feng collected Si Yong’s space item and placed the valuable treasures casually within. As for the others?

How much wealth could a sector lord have?

In the universe, one with 10 mixed elements was already wealthy. Much less the aboriginals of this Blood River world, only very few were worthy of Luo Feng’s attention. The other items, added together were far from 1 mixed element’s worth. With Luo Feng’s status, whatever he needed all used points after all.

Sou!

He rushed into the sky, leaving behind the decimated mountain range and Si Yong’s body, along with large amounts of treasure that he wasn’t even interested in or were worthless to him.

However, within half a day after his departure, a team had discovered the area with the items, a few domain lords were going crazy over them and this team madly began to compete and kill amongst themselves. And as the large amount of treasures created a big stir within Swallow Mound city, countless began to join in the war for the items.

Also, the news about the death of Si Yong had spread.

Si Yong’s death!

Immediately, the surrounding large world leaders began their attacks to snatch the territory.

Si Yong’s power quickly faded into dust…

There wasn’t even anyone trying to avenge him, much less go after Na Ke and Nabu.

…

“This, this is what big brother Feng left for us?” The silver haired youth Na Ke brought his father finally to a hiding place to rest. Only then did he open the space ring to check, shocked.

“Ke Ke, what’s the matter?” Nabu was curious.

“Big brother Feng left us a large amount of wealth. So much more than our family’s wealth from before, millions of times more.” Na Ke was shocked.

Nabu’s eyes gleamed immediately, “Haha, our Na Family will rise up again, stronger and bigger than before. With this wealth, it’ll be easy from now. Na Ke…our gamble back then was right!”

Na Ke nodded, worrying within about Luo Feng. “Big brother Feng said he’d go stop Si yong…”

However later on, when the news of Si Yong’s death spread, especially the location of his death, Na Ke and Nabu were overwhelmed with shock!

Obviously!

The place where Si Yong died was where Luo Feng was waiting before.

“Big brother Feng killed Si Yong?”

“Lord Feng killed Si Yong?”

Na Ke and Nabu were shocked.

As for whatever happened later in Blood River world, Luo Feng naturally didn’t know.

After killing Si Yong, mosha Luo Feng rushed into the sky back into the automaton ship and began his departure.

“Blood River world.”

Standing in the control room, he looked back at the endless vast continent. This was a place completely subdued and observed by the Virtual Universe Company. “Here’s where we part, little Na Ke. Once I reach domain lord level I’ll be sent into territories as an envoy around the universe. At sector lord level I’ll be going through hellish training too. I’m afraid I won’t return for a very very long time. I hope that when I eventually do, I’ll still be able to see you.”

Luo Feng knew…

It would probably be tens of thousands of years before he could actually return. However, with regards to Blood River world, he was still filled with curiosity. There would eventually be a day when he would return to investigate everything properly.

…

The fog covered the distant space, an incomparably huge palace floated there, that was Tian Shi palace.

Because of this Palace’s existence, the many powerful warriors of Blood River world didn’t dare leave. Since the ancient times till now, they were all stuck within their world.

Sou!

The palace in space, was larger than even a planet. At this time a little dot flew out from the palace and swiftly headed towards Luo Feng’s automaton ship, it was a triangular black ship with a diameter of 800m.

“Di!”

“Your majesty Luo Feng, how are you? I am the receiver of Tian Shi palace, Mo Luoke. Congratulations on your majesty’s completion of the Blood River world mission.” The ship drew closer to Luo Feng’s automaton ship, sending a message over. Very quickly, with the ship leading, Luo Feng arrived within a vast hall in the 1st level of Tian Shi palace.

The hall was at least 1,000 km in length and width.

Luo Feng kept his automaton ship and stood shocked within the hall. In this hall, there were many other ships stopped there, taking up more than half of the area. Every ship…according to his visual perception, were at least E grade ships. Some of the ships were even F grade.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” Dressed in silver armor with 6 eyes and blue skin, the sector lord Mo Luo Ke stood beside and lead the way. Speaking fluent universe language, his voice was very clear and resounding, “You actually stayed in Blood river world for 80 years. That’s really shocking.”

“The main thing was the blood warrior mission.” Luo Feng smiled as he walked.

Different from Blood River world, even though there were many races within that world, most of them looked pretty similar.

However the human races were too many in the universe. With countless races, all sorts of appearances were present.

“Blood warrior mission? Has your majesty completed it?” Mo Luo Ke was shocked.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Wow, congratulations your majesty.” Mo Luo Ke smiled. “I’ve seen and received many geniuses who’ve attempted this mission, even those from the Huge Axe and universe mercenary alliance. However, very few are actually able to become blood warriors. Because, absorbing three blood river crystals normally required them to stay in the ancient god ruins for extended periods. Many of them don’t have that much patience. And it’s also very dangerous within the ruins.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The two walked and chatted. Even though they weren’t rushing, in a few minutes they had passed a 1,000km distance swiftly and arrived at the stairs of the 2nd floor.

The stairway was incredibly vast. Every level was 100m high, 10km long and 5km wide. It was entirely made of ceramic…each stairway had at least 1,000 levels, spiraling upwards.

“We can only proceed from here to head upstairs.” Sector lord Mo Luo Ke smiled.

The two became beams of light and followed the stairs upwards.

“There’s no need to head up right. Just arrange a universe ship for me and send me off, wouldn’t that do?” Luo Feng asked.

“Its our leader of the Tian Shi Palace, he wishes to see you.” Mo Luo Ke said.

“The leader?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Tian Shi palace’s leader, what status was that?

He was someone who was watching over in this palace. The many powerful beings of Blood River world, and even amongst the Virtual Universe Company, he would definitely be considered an absolute being in the upper echelon.

“Hm.” Sector lord Mo Luo Ke’s eyes were filled with envy. Smiling, “I’ve been in this palace for so many years, I’ve yet to meet him face to face. Our leader has unbelievable power. With just him being here, those undying’s from the undying shrine in Blood River world, and all the ancient beings, none of them dare come out. For the leader to wish to see you, is your good luck.”

“Why does he wish to see me?” Luo Feng was curious.

The leader of Tian Shi palace, that level of being, he was at least a universe country leader level, or even stronger. How else could he control Blood River world with fear?

To the geniuses, that level of being didn’t care much for them at all.

These beings were all ancient eternal beings within the universe.

“The reason behind him wanting to meet you? Why would I, such a small figure know?” Sector lord Mo Luo Ke smiled. “My authority is only to send you to the 2nd level. I don’t even dare to follow after. However there will be someone there to receive you and take you straight to the 9th level to meet the leader.”

The moment he finished speaking.

The two arrived at the 2nd level of the palace. Luo Feng gazed far ahead and spotted a 3m tall messy haired man with a huge axe on his back. Vaguely, that man was almost like a tall mountain that made hearts tremble. The energy he emitted seemed even more terrifying than the god general 13 from back in Ganwu universe country.


Chapter 541: Tian Shi Palace Leader

“Greetings Undying!” Sector lord Mo Luo Ke bowed respectfully.

The huge warrior with the big axe on his back responded slightly before looking at Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, the leader wants to meet you, follow me.” After which, a formless energy that couldn’t be seen by the naked eye formed a large hand and carried Luo Feng. The huge warrior brought Luo Feng and swiftly headed towards the 9th level of the palace.

“This is the strength of an undying?” Luo Feng felt the ripples of origin laws around him.

Flying through level after level!

Every level of Tian Shi palace was incredibly vast and huge. Very quickly, this undying brought Luo Feng to the 9th level!

This 9th level hall should be the biggest hall of all of the palace

Just like how the 1st level had a specific ship docking area, places to welcome people, with sector lords resting areas, and a special area to monitor Blood River world, and a place for the sector lords to train…in all, from the 1st to 8th level, every level was incredibly vast but each had been organized extremely well.

The 9th level however was a vast hall of endlessness!

The entire 9th level hadn’t been segregated at all. The length and width reached tens of thousands of km, and its height too was ten thousand km. It was so large, that even earth was able to fit into this hall.

“Tian Shi palace leader?” As he landed in the 9th hall, Luo Feng’s gaze landed on the distant silhouette ahead.

He was dressed in a silver long robe. It seemed as though his robe itself produced countless images. On it were gold engravings, however with a blink of an eye, the robe was ultimately just a silver robe. Illusionary and mysterious, it was intoxicating. His reddish brown long hair was let loose.

Standing there, gazing at the vast space outside Tian Shi palace.

At this point Luo Feng even felt that he was even more vast than the space outside, even more majestic.

“Leader!” The huge warrior bowed respectfully.

“Go on.” A clear voice, like a wind blowing through a bamboo forest.

“Yes.” The warrior became a beam of light and immediately left the 9th level. The light behind the stairs turned dark, as the pathway behind seemed to close.

He, finally turned around!

He had reddish brown long hair, sparkling skin, black eyes, and an engraving on his forehead. Other than the engraving, his resemblance to an earth human was uncanny. Even though he was taller than normal, however before him, even the giants would feel as though they were facing an endless space, and would be subdued and feel inferior.

“Luo Feng,” The voice seemed to resound within his ears and heart. Only then did Luo Feng awaken. “Even with my willpower, I was still unknowingly affected by him. Its, its too terrifying. Compared to the true governing powers of the universe, even with my strong willpower, there’s still such a difference.” If Luo Feng’s thoughts were known by the warriors of the universe, they’d all break out laughing.

Standing before a pinnacle ancient being, who, through his countless years of training, the universe energies shaping, his willpower alone was at an unbelievable level.

A universe level little doll that had only lived for a few hundred years…

And compared to the Tian Shi Palace’s leader?

He alone was more than capable of keeping the intimidation on the beings of Blood River world.

“Luo Feng greets the leader.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

“Your willpower is not bad.” The leader nodded. It was almost like the entire land and skies were speaking. “Your batch of geniuses are the most exceptional in the past 10,000 eras, because in your batch, there’s Bolan, you and Rong Jun.”

Luo Feng was stunned by his words.

Past 10,000 eras, was essentially over 1 hundred million years.

“Before you entered Blood River world, the Virtual Universe company’s management level had a contest over you and Bolan.” The leader looked at Luo Feng. “The contest was about your sturdiness in character, and to see if you are fit for walking this path of the strong. Your high talents! And Bolan’s pride, yet his unbelievable talent. However…your willpower far exceeds his.”

“Back then some favored you, while others favored Bolan.”

“And I, I favored you.” The leader looked at Luo Feng, his eyes smiling.

“Thank you leader.” Luo Feng bowed.

“Your time here in Blood River world, according to your teacher, he said that you have comprehended the 35 wonders of the space laws?” The leader looked at Luo Feng. “Did that happen?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng replied frankly.

“Back when your teacher said that, immediately the numbers that favored you grew.” The leader said, “I too thought that you and Rong Jun would have more hopes of becoming true absolute warriors in the universe humans.”

“Rong Jun and I?” Luo Feng was stunned.

Just complimenting him alone was enough.

Rong Jun?

From the leader’s words, everybody was contesting between him and Bolan, but no one mentioned Rong Jun at all. However right now, be it the heavenly bridge or fantasy ocean, he and Bolan were far ahead!

“Rong Jun?” Luo Feng was curious.

“If Bolan were to understand, he too would be your competitor.” The leader looked at Luo Feng. “As for Rong Jun, if you are able to exceed Rong Jun in this life, it would be an accomplishment.”

“What.” Luo Feng stared wide eyed.

This life?

If he could exceed Rong Jun in this life, it would an accomplishment? And this was said by the leader of the Tian Shi palace.

Would he not be able to exceed him? Ever since he acquired the beast god statue, Luo Feng didn’t even place Bolan or Rong Jun as his opponents. He thought he was set to exceed them by far. His true opponents were the absolute beings from before! However the leader, someone of such status wouldn’t speak rubbish. Rong Jun had indeed attracted two universe country leaders to accept him as their disciple, that weird matter made Luo Feng curious.

“So the upper echelons favor Rong Jun more than me and Bolan?” Luo Feng thought.

“Hmph!”

“They better look well.”

“I have the beast god statue to study the 1st claw, the Mosha clan to study the 9 universe tablet, and the earth body to meld the two. I’m already ahead of Rong Jun. My return this time…I should be able to exceed Bolan too! And after this time, I will continuously improve, leaving them far behind.” Luo Feng’s state of mind was incredibly sturdy.

Even though he valued the leader’s words, but to get shaken by it?

He wanted to be strong!

Continuously growing!

His improvement speed will only get faster, as for Rong Jun? Bolan? It’ll just depend on whether they could keep up.

“Your mental state sure is solid.” The leader saw through Luo Feng’s eyes and guessed his thoughts. Smiling, “The universe is vast and profound. Every one has their own miraculous meetings and advantages. The three of you are not bad. However at such a young age, your willpower has already reached such levels. It’s really not easy. My good friend favors Rong Jun. As long as he doesn’t fall, he will definitely have accomplishments in the future. However, I’m betting on you.”

Betting?

Luo Feng was stunned, this leader seemed to know some secret about Rong Jun, yet he was still betting on himself?

“Don’t let me lose.” The leader’s eyes were smiling, “You actually comprehended the 35 wonders.” Following which he pointed in mid air.

Formless energy gathered and a stone tablet formed.

On it was a picture…the drizzle picture!

There were a total of 36 rain drops in it.

“This 36 wonders, which one haven’t you comprehended yet?” The leader said.

“This one.” Luo Feng pointed and his spirit energy landed on a particular drop.

“Since we could meet, I’ll help you out.” The leader waved his hand and immediately black fireballs with diameters of 100km immediately floated in the air in the hall. Every one of them were extremely huge and completely black. The surfaces were burning with black flames, and there was a total of 9 of them!

Chi chi chi…

The space around the black fire balls seemed to burn and split apart, and the broken space flowed erratically, locked in by the black fire balls, the space further away seemed to warp.

Almost as though there was some very strong gravity causing the space to get drawn in.

Only the space around Luo Feng and the leader was very solid.

“What’s this? Those undyings are able to play with even planets. Just what are these 9 black planets?” Luo Feng looked up shocked. Even though it was controlled in this palace, he still felt the temperature rise up to 1,000 degrees. However this wasn’t anything to a universe level 9.

However just the burning temperatures caused the space to split apart, even making the space flow weirdly locked in position.

This was definitely thousands to tens of thousands of times more terrifying than a star!

“I’ll completely demonstrate the 36th wonder which you’ve yet to comprehend. But just once, whether you can comprehend it will depend on yourself.” The leader looked at the 9 black fireballs floating, immediately they began to move, with one movement…

The land and skies vanished.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but get completely immersed within. The movement of the 9 fireballs completely infused with the universe space laws, the space was completely controlled. At this time, it was even deeper than studying the 9 universe tablet itself. The main reason was that the tablet was but something an absolute warrior of the universe had left behind, and right now, the leader of the Tian Shi palace was personally demonstrating the 36th wonder.

After finishing the demonstration, the 9 black fireballs continued to move about, all the more mysterious…

Luo Feng was completely immersed within, many thoughts and comprehensions occurred in his mind, however the more he saw, the more he didn’t know.

He even lost track of time…

“Rumble!”

The 9 black fireballs were already invisible to the naked eye. Only the countless flame marks were left, finally forming a peculiar beast picture. This beast picture, was the beast in the 9 universe tablet’s 7th to 9th pictures, the ones Luo Feng didn’t understand.

After which, the 9 black fireballs completely vanished and the vast hall returned to normal. The leader looked at Luo Feng who was immersed in his study and waved his hand.

Shua!

Luo Feng vanished and appeared in the 1st level. Within a particular F grade universe ship’s control room, he was still sitting crossed legged and within his study, not even realizing he was already in a ship.

“Send him off, don’t disrupt his study.” The leader communicated.

“Yes leader.”

The leader of the Tian Shi palace gazed down, almost as though he could see through the many levels. Looking at Luo Feng immersed in his study in the universe ship, laughing lightly, “Luo Feng, how much you can comprehend depends on yourself.” After which he sat crossed legged, laughing softly, “Such a young age with such powerful willpower. Interesting, interesting, even when I was domain lord back then, my willpower wasn’t that strong.”

Everything returned to silence.

Tian Shi palace 9th level, was as calm as it had been for the past trillion years.

And the F grade ship brought Luo Feng who was immersed in his study and left Tian Shi Palace.


Chapter 542: Blade World

Luo Feng’s nest, star fragment 80389081. It had a diameter of 6,200km.

This star fragment was floating in space, and on it was a huge villa that took up most of the space, with universe level soldiers patrolling about. Suddenly, they spotted a universe ship slowly descending. They became shocked, and immediately informed their leader Ao Duo.

“General, there’s a ship!”

“A ship has come.”

A silhouette appeared within the villa. It was the bald old man Ao Duo, he looked up at the universe ship. From one look, his expression changed, “The mark of Tian Shi Palace? It’s actually a F grade universe ship, follow me!”

Ao Duo brought the 10 guards with him in beams of lights, swiftly flying over.

In the distance, that ship descended, landing on the wild grass and flowers.

“Hm?”

“The ship is from Tian Shi palace. It should be his majesty returning, but why haven’t they opened the cabin door after so long?” Ao Duo brought the guards and stood beside the ship waiting at attention. The ship stopped for quite a while before the cabin door opened and landed on the ground. A huge warrior with a huge axe on his back came out, coldly gazing at Ao Duo and the group.

The formless pressure fiercely landed on Ao Duo and the group’s souls.

“Greetings undying.” Ao Duo bowed in shock.

“Greetings undying.” The group of guards too were shocked.

“Luo Feng is studying now, we cannot disrupt him in this critical time.” The warrior said coldly. “Our Tian Shi palace ship will be stationed here until he awakens, you all cannot disturb him either.”

“Yes.”

Ao Duo and the group bowed, simultaneously feeling shocked.

My god.

This pressure that he released before them, had ripples of origin laws all around. Obviously this was a powerful undying! And Luo Feng was actually able to have an undying wait here without disturbing him, this was too absurd. Luo Feng was after all an absolute beginning member. His position should still be slightly lower than that of an undying in Tian Shi palace.

Hua!

The cabin door closed and Ao Duo and the group could only wait outside.

1 hour, 2 hours…

1 day, 2 days…

“Why hasn’t his majesty awoken yet?”

“Right, we’ve been waiting here for quite some time. General, if his majesty continues his study, should we still wait here stupidly? From what I see, we should return first.”

“Shut up!”

Ao Duo ordered softly. His gaze swept at the guards that had been standing there for 18 days waiting, and said coldly, “You are all at universe levels and domain lords. How is this long? Even I’m not complaining, even the undying from Tian Shi palace is waiting, not daring to disrupt his training. And you dare complain? Hmph!”

The muttering guards all immediately went silent.

“Hmph!”

“Be silent and wait! If his majesty awakens and we are not there to welcome him, that would be our failure!” Ao duo ordered.

“Yes, general.”

The group of guards obediently complied.

Within the ship’s control room, Luo Feng sat crossed legged on the metal ground not moving.

In his mind many scenes floated in and out, the 9 black fireballs shown to him before by the powerful Tian Shi palace leader replayed over and over in his mind. Many techniques from the 2nd volume of Time Space scribbles too came into play, many areas that were obscure before were being solved!

9 universe tablet, Time space scribbles, Floating blood manual, 9 black fireballs, the ancient pictures, the beast god statue…

They all corresponded with each other.

Plus the fact that he had already comprehended the previous 35 wonders, and a lot of the 36th, with all these working together, many questions he had initially were being solved. His comprehension began to rise and Luo Feng couldn’t help but smile.

Unknowingly, Luo Feng had completely comprehended the 36th wonder, because the 9 black fireballs kept replaying in his head, displaying the entire space laws over and over. He couldn’t help but continue studying and move on to the 9 universe tablet’s 3rd picture…The rainstorm!

Many questions began to form in his head, many hard to solve questions. Luo Feng combined the 9 black fireballs, the ancient pictures and compared notes, attacking each difficult question one at a time, using all his focus to solve one question after another…

…

“That’s it.” Luo Feng who was sitting crossed legged opened his eyes.

“Anymore and my efficiency will decrease. The best way to study the 9 universe tablet is still the Time Space scribbles. I currently only have 2 volumes and not the 3rd.” Luo Feng could clearly feel that without the Time Space scribbles to tally with, his studying efficiency would have a drastic drop.

Time space scribbles were written by the founder of the 9 universe tablet. It is extremely valuable, and at the same time, it is the optimum way to study the 9 universe tablet.

Hua!

The control room cabin door opened and Luo Feng turned to look out. The huge warrior with the huge axe on his back walked in. He glanced at Luo Feng, “Since you’ve awoken, you can leave now.”

“Thank you undying.” Luo Feng bowed.

“This was the leader’s command, no need to thank me.” The huge warrior didn’t say anything more. Luo Feng bowed and swiftly followed the pathway straight out of the cabin door.

“Greetings your majesty.”

Ao Duo and the group of guards all bowed as they saw Luo Feng walk out, it had been over 30 days since they waited.

“Hm.” Luo Feng jumped down and landed on the grass, simultaneously nodding as he smiled, “I’ve kept you all waiting, let’s go.”

“Yes.” Ao Duo and the rest respectfully followed.

On this star fragment continent, Luo Feng quickly returned to his living quarters. He couldn’t wait and immediately entered the virtual universe network.

…

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang mountain Absolute beginning region, villa 1136.

Luo Feng came to his training grounds.

“The Tian Shi palace leader’s help this time has saved me at least 2 to 3 years worth of work. And the display of the 9 black fireballs… has shed some light on my later study of the Rainstorm picture.” Luo Feng recalled the scene back in Tian Shi Palace. He couldn’t help but be speechless at the 9 black fireballs.

The universe space was very steady, even with a star’s high temperature, it wouldn’t affect the space at all.

However the black fireballs burning in the space actually messed up the flow of space itself. Its strong gravity caused the space to warp. Luo Feng guessed that even a powerful undying, if burned by the black fireballs would be burnt to death.

“Make light work of something heavy!”

“I shouldn’t think so far ahead now, I can’t even make one star yet.” Luo Feng shook his head, after which he cleared his mind and with a thought, the dark golden long rod appeared on his back. “I’ve already completely comprehended the 36 wonders, I don’t know whether I can unleash the 6th level though.”

Nan Shen Armament had a total of 9 levels.

The 5th space slicer, the 6th Own world. From the 5th to the 6th, it was one of the two hardest breakthroughs of the 9 levels.

80 years!

Over 80 years of hard work, Luo Feng’s comprehension had risen greatly. Compared to 80 years ago, it was absurd, however he was still unable to unleash the 6th level.

“Nan Shen Armament, come out!” Luo Feng ordered.

Hua!

Countless gold lights shot out from the dark golden long rod behind him. In an instant, the gold glaring lights of little golden blades shot out. Gold engravings on the little blades formed gold threads and countless lights moved in the surrounding space, triggering the space laws. Gold laws, and the alloy ground of the training grounds completely vanished into the light.

A vast world made of blade energy revolved around.

This move could change the land and skies. It was the Nan Shen armament’s 6th level…Own World!

“Hm?” Luo Feng frowned. His face was flushed red as his consciousness spirit energy madly controlled the blade world’s foundation…the 5832 little golden blades.

“No, no…”

“Control!” Luo Feng couldn’t help but roar.

Rumble!

The formed blade world maintained itself for about 3 to 4 seconds and after which it shook and crumbled with a crash.

The blur of 5832 little golden blades remained floating in the surroundings, however the blade world was broken.

“It actually crumbled in a few seconds. Luo Feng smiled and shook his head. “It’s still ok, this was the first time I actually formed the blade world. After so many years, this is the first time I successfully formed a complete blade world. Since I can form it, the next step should come quickly.”

Breaking through every level was extremely hard.

Just like the Nan Shen Armament’s 1st level, simply forming one golden blade. The 2nd Piercing Sky actually required 9 blades into 1. Why was the difference so huge?

Over 80 years.

Luo Feng had been constantly improving from the 5th level’s Space Slicer. His improvement speed was shocking, his encounters too were legendary. Using these 80 years that way, he finally began to feel the entrance of the 6th level’s Own World. Of course, it was just the entrance…every level’s power was vastly different. Luo Feng’s blade world could only be maintained for a few seconds now, it was the most basic stage of forming this 6th level.

In theory…

The Rainstorm picture, when one reached a certain level of comprehension, only then would he be able to unleash Blade world. Luo Feng’s comprehension of the rainstorm picture was barely even beginning.

“The 1st 3 levels of the heavenly bridge reflects the Rain drop picture.”

“The 4th to 6th levels reflected the Drizzle picture.”

“The 7th to 9th levels reflect the rainstorm picture.” Luo Feng frowned. “This is a rough gauge, I’ve comprehended the first 36 wonders. Since my comprehension is 10 times stronger than a normal comprehension of the Drizzle picture, that’s why I can force out the blade world.”

“However…”

“I can only maintain it for a few seconds, I estimate that I still cannot pass the 7th level of the heavenly bridge. I have to get accustomed to it and maintain for longer periods of time.” Luo Feng pondered. “And even though I’ve comprehended the first 36 wonders, studying the rainstorm picture would still be extremely difficult. However, with little bits, I think it’ll be pretty fast.”

If one’s basics were solid, the comprehension would be faster.

Luo Feng’s basics were incredibly solid!

“Studying the Rainstorm picture requires the Time Space scribbles’ 3rd volume. I should buy it now.” Luo Feng understood the theory of a sharp blade increasing one’s efficiency. He immediately rushed out of the training grounds.

Sou!

He flew into his study.

Sitting before the desk, he opened his laptop and swiftly opened the treasure trove, preparing to buy the manual. However he was shocked as he saw his points below.

“Points, 74,660.”

“Only over 70k points? Buying the 3rd volume of time space scribbles requires 100k points.” Luo Feng was stunned.


Chapter 543: The Worth of the Blood River Crystals

His earning were already considered excellent. Back in primal chaos city with the 10 times reward he earned quite a bit. After buying the 1st 2 volumes of Time Space scribbles he still had 20,360 points left.

After that, he consecutively passed the 1st 9 islands of Fantasy Ocean, gaining 51,100 points.

And during the time he spent in Blood River world, he passed the heavenly bridge’s 6th level, gaining 3,200 points.

A total of 74,660 points!

The 1st volume of Time space scribbles was only 1000 points. The first two required 10k points, the first three required 100k points, first four was 1 million…it’s compounded. Especially for all 9 volumes, the entire set reached 100 billion points. This was something even the universe country leaders could only stare at.

And, there wasn’t any discount!

The amount required to pay for these was like choosing a bottomless pit.

“Looks like I have to confirm the end of the mission before I can purchase the 3rd volume.” Luo Feng gently clicked and closed the treasure trove document. He then proceeded to open the Management file and chose Training, very quickly entering the training page. He chose to confirm the end of his mission.

“How do you do, your majesty Luo Feng.” A gentle voice resounded from the screen. “You are requesting to confirm the end of your mission?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“May I ask, of the two missions in Blood River world, which did you finish?” The gentle voice continued.

“Both of them.” Luo Feng replied.

“Please wait a moment your majesty. A universe ship will arrive shortly at your star fragment to verify. After the verification, your majesty will acquire the points designated as the reward.” The gentle voice spoke.

Indeed, about 8 hours later.

A grey blade shaped universe ship that was 100m long landed on the star fragment. Luo Feng led his sector lord Ao Duo and others to welcome them.

“How do you do your majesty Luo Feng.” Three black uniformed men and women walked out of the cabin door. The leading black uniformed man said, “Please enter the ship, your guards need not follow.”

“Alright.” Luo Feng nodded.

He entered this blade like ship and quickly reached a specific verification cabin.

“When your majesty has entered the cabin, just act according to the AI’s instructions.” The three of them were humble and respectful. In terms of strength they were all sector lords. But, as their talent in battle wasn’t that high, they belonged to the management and chore side of the company. However even in these departments, they had different statuses.

The things these three handled were considered more core. They too knew that the geniuses from this batch’s genius competition, Bolan, Rong Jun and Luo Feng were heavily favored. Naturally, their attitude was humble.

If they were to meet some other geniuses who were not necessarily outstanding, they would do their job simply as is, with a cold face. Why would they even be humble about it.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, stepping into the cabin.

Within.

The electronic voice resounded, “Please take out one blood river crystal and place it on the desk.”

Luo Feng placed one crystal on the alloy desk.

“1st mission of acquiring one crystal, complete. Points awarded 10k.” The electronic voice said. “Luo Feng please prove that you are a blood warrior and place the blood river medal on the desk.”

Chi!

The cloud contact armor on his body automatically separated, revealing his bare chest. Luo Feng triggered the blood river energy within and a red engraving appeared on his chest. Even though it was simple, it was complete and infused with incredibly mysterious energy and power. This in turn, completely raised Luo Feng’s melding with the universe laws and energy by one fold. Simultaneously, he tossed out the blood river medal onto the table too.

The blue light scanned Luo Feng and the table.

“Verified!”

“Luo Feng, congratulations on completing the 2nd mission, becoming a blood warrior and acquiring a blood river medal. Points awarded 100k.” The voice spoke.

Luo Feng smiled immediately.

“Luo Feng.” A cold lady’s voice suddenly resounded. “I’m messaging you via the virtual universe network. This contact will be classified and divulging of this contact is forbidden.”

“Ah…” Luo Feng was stunned.

“Yes.” Luo Feng reacted.

Classified?

What classified?

“Don’t be nervous, we interview anyone that enters Blood River world.” The cold lady’s voice sounded. “Since you were able to become a blood warrior and were able to hand in one more crystal. I assume that you should still have extra blood river crystals on you.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

Blood river crystals…

He couldn’t even see any way to buy this within the treasure trove!

“The blood river crystal is unique only to Blood River world. Even in the vast universe, it’s regarded as an extremely mysterious and valuable crystal. Hence, it is very important. Among our human race, It is considered as a prohibited item, prohibited as in it’s forbidden to buy and sell this item. The moment such an action is discovered, the Virtual Universe company, Huge Axe dojo, Universe Mercenary alliance, Universe 1st bank, and Universe Galaxy bank will immediately act and collect all the crystals and punish the person heavily.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

Prohibited item?

Just like how star annihilator cannon was an extremely rare item to the universe countries, this crystal was actually a prohibited item and forbidden from sale?

“The way you acquired your crystals was legal and appropriate, we will not snatch them from you.” The cold lady continued. “However, there are certain things you need to know. You are definitely not allowed to sell it to others, and can only use it for yourself. If you wish to give them to others…please first send a request to our Virtual Universe company. Once the request gets approved, you can then pass it on to that individual. Also, if you wish to sell the crystals, our Virtual Universe company will be in charge of purchasing them from you. Each crystal will be worth 600 points.”

Luo Feng’s heart was beating fast within.

He had many crystals!

Of course there was nowhere else in the universe that these crystals can be found in, only in Blood River world. However, the amount of crystals in Blood River world was plenty. But now, he was finding out from this higher level member of the Virtual Universe company, that it was prohibited. So much so that even giving them as a gift required permission, and if the request didn’t go through, he couldn’t even gift them!

“The Virtual Universe company has many geniuses. In theory, with so many crystals, giving three to each of them shouldn’t be anything.” Luo Feng thought. “However it’s obvious that the 5 leviathans are controlling it very strictly.”

“Are you willing to sell your crystals?” The cold voice resounded.

600 points for 1!

Luo Feng currently had close to 10k crystals. If he sold them all, he would get over 5 million points.

My god.

That was a huge sum! Because according to what Luo Feng knew, the undyings could exchange money for points,1 mixed element for 1 point.

“If I had known, I would have acquired more.” Luo Feng thought.

“Are you willing to sell your crystals?” The cold voice asked again.

“I don’t have that many, I wish to continue to absorb them.” Luo Feng said.

“Hm.” The cold voice didn’t continue about the matter. “Our conversation ends here, whatever was said today is classified and not to be divulged.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

After which an electronic voice resounded within the cabin, “Luo Feng, the verification is over, you may leave.” Simultaneously, the door opened.

…

Standing on the grass, he looked up at the blade shaped ship swiftly vanish into space. Luo Feng had a frown on his face.

“Luo Feng, I dare guarantee, that the blood river crystals should still have some other special uses! If it were simply for absorption, the Virtual Universe company need not keep such a tight reign over it, and be so stingy to its geniuses.” Babata shouted. “There’s only one answer. And that is, that they have other uses for it, and I dare say that it’s for the absolute warriors amongst the undying, or even the universe country leaders and knights. Hence, they are prohibited items.”

Babata’s views were much more vast than Luo Feng’s.

Back then, he had followed Hu Yan Bo throughout the universe to explore, and experienced the dangers of life and death battles, while mostly dealing with undyings! Naturally he saw things much clearer.

“Ah?” Luo Feng thought.

“Geniuses are geniuses. However, the true pillars of humanity are the undyings, like True Yan emperor and so on. And then there are even stronger knights and universe country leaders. These eternal beings are the true pillars of humanity in the vast universe. As for the items they require, naturally they wouldn’t let you geniuses have them. Didn’t they already give you the chance to enter Blood River world? Giving you that one chance is already good enough of them.” Babata said.

Luo Feng nodded and communicated through his consciousness, “I understand! I just felt that the blood river crystals were very important, hence I didn’t sell them.”

Close to 10k crystals…

If he wanted to sell them, there will always be a chance in the future. But until he discovered if they had any other uses, he couldn’t bear to sell them.

“Selling is easy, but buying is hard. As it’s a prohibited item, there’s nowhere else to buy from.” Luo Feng thought.

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang mountain, absolute beginning region.

Luo Feng once again entered and sat at his desk. He opened the treasure trove file in his laptop and discovered that his points had changed.

Points, 184,660.

“It’s enough now.”

Luo Feng smiled and swiftly opened the technique file, quickly finding the extremely expensive Time Space Scribbles. After having tasted its benefits, he didn’t even hesitate and immediately chose to buy the first three volumes. There was no other way, no way to simply buy just one volume. Hence, he could only do it this way.

“Exchange successful!”

“Deducting 100k points, remaining points 84,660.”

“Please wait a while, someone will deliver it immediately.”

The page had three consecutive notifications.

Looking at his remaining points, Luo Feng couldn’t help but exclaim, earning the points really wasn’t easy. He took 80 years to finally absorb all three crystals, and that was because his willpower was incredibly sturdy, and he was able to rush into the whirlpool core. Otherwise, how long would it take, if he stayed outside the core for him to complete the 2nd mission?

100k points was indeed hard to earn!

“The true reward this time is still the close to 10k blood river crystals. Getting so many of them was still much easier than actually absorbing the three. And the virtual universe is willing to pay 600 points for each of them. I can sell them anytime, buying them however is impossible!” Luo Feng understood, only universe level geniuses could accept this mission.

Once he reached domain lord level and head out into the fields, there was absolutely no chance of acquiring more crystals.

“Blood river crystals!”

“Their true worth definitely isn’t just 600 points, I’ll just wait. Maybe it’ll give me a surprise in the future.” Luo Feng thought.


Chapter 544: Attempting Sky Mountain

After a while, at the entrance of the Absolute beginning region entrance.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, this is the case of manuals we just received, it’s what you ordered.” Lady Fox waved her bushy tail and handed over the case.

“Thanks.” Luo Feng received the silver case.

It was finally here!

This was the 3rd manual of Time Space scribbles that was worth 100k points, (as he had already acquired the first two volumes, the Virtual Universe company only sent him the 3rd).

Carrying it, he turned and rose into the sky.

“Luo Feng, you mad man, stay there!” A voice resounded.

Luo Feng turned around to look. In the distance, a silver light landed on the grass. It was the silver armored black haired youth Wuka. This manka prince’s body growth was indeed slow. Even after such a long time, he still hadn’t fully matured.

“Why are you shouting at me?” Luo Feng smiled and walked over.

“In our past, we have had few star fragment meetings, even had the huge party for the absolute beginning members. But, you’ve yet to attend even one of them. Damn, recently even in the virtual universe you’ve completely disappeared.” As he spoke, he punched Luo Feng in the chest unhappily.

Luo Feng was initially shaken but diffused the punch.

“These past few months have been critical, hence I haven’t come online.” Luo Feng explained. These past few months, he had acquired the beast god statue and had a miraculous encounter in Tian Shi palace. It has indeed been a few months since he’s come online.

“Ah, Luo Feng.” Wuka’s face grew mysterious, as he said softly, “Let me tell you a secret.”

“What secret?” Luo Feng asked curiously.

“I just came from the Battle arena, and I got some news. Today, Bolan attempted the heavenly bridge.” Wuka said softly.

“Again?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Every 3 levels of the bridge was a breakthrough point. The higher the levels, the harder it got!

1-3 levels, 4-6 levels, 7-9…

He had spent 80 years in Blood River world. Bolan, Long Yun, Rong Jun, Wuka, Qian Shui, Jia Lai Xi etc all had chosen their own paths, all improving both slow and quick. However, everybody would still occasionally attempt the heavenly bridge! During which most of them had all improved.

However!

Bolan was on the 6th level back in primal chaos city, and over these 80 years, this absolute genius had been working hard. However, he still hadn’t passed the 7th level of the bridge! It was obvious that the 7th level was extremely difficult!

Right now, in his batch…

Three people had reached the 6th level, Bolan, Rong Jun and himself! Bolan and himself had long reached the 6th level. Rong Jun just managed to do it after 80 years.

And there were four people on the 5th level currently.

“He attempted it again, did he pass?” Luo Feng asked.

“Hehe.” Wuka mocked softly. “That proud punk, he just failed two years ago and attempted again today. However, he still failed… haha…would the 7th level be that easy? The difference in difficulty from the 6th to the 7th, is even more than the difficulty from levels 1 to 6 added together!”

“Failed?” Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

His 80 years had many miraculous encounters. The three bodies were all working in unison, along with the raised comprehension and melding from blood river energy. Even after all this, he still didn’t have a guarantee of passing the 7th level.

“Work hard.” Wuka said. “Rong Jun, that Savage had just reached the 6th level not long ago. It’ll be at least a few hundred years before he reaches the 7th. Right now in out batch, the fastest to reach the 7th is only you and Bolan! Luo Feng, you have to live up to the reputation of our absolute beginning’s three heroes.”

“Get lost.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh and scold him.

Absolute beginning’s three heroes?

Hearing that name, he had goosebumps all over. This was because, among this new batch of geniuses, himself, Rong Jun and Wuka, were close, and their performance was good. Naturally, others would lump them as a group. This prince Wuka however was very proud of the title of absolute beginning’s three heroes.

Luo Feng wasn’t used to it, Rong Jun too would frown dissatisfied, Wuka however was very proud.

“I won’t speak anymore to you, I’ll return first.” Luo Feng said.

“Ah, what did you buy?” Wuka looked curiously at the briefcase in Luo Feng’s hands.

“Time space scribbles.” Luo Feng said.

“3 volumes? That’s 100k points!” Wuka stared wide eyed, saying, “You ruthless, you sure are wealthy!”

Luo Feng didn’t chat more and immediately flew up.

Sou!

He soared through the skies and quickly returned to his villa.

…

Within the study, he sat before his desk and held his breath as he opened the case.

Within it was a thick metal book. This book was 50cm long, 40cm wide and its thickness reached a shocking 50cm. Just how big was it? A half a meter thick book, was much thicker than both earlier volumes. The entire book was still using the gold colored metal pages, and there were a total of 1,000 pages.

“The 3rd volume!”

Luo Feng looked like a hungry wolf staring at a sheep. His eyes gleamed, and he didn’t care about anything else, immediately opening and beginning to study it.

…

This Time space scribbles’ 3rd volume reflected the Rainstorm picture. As he studied this, the golden horned beast still focused on studying the beast god statue’s Tearing sky and land everyday, focusing on the 1st claw. These two will resonated and Luo Feng’s level simply rose at a very obvious rate.

Learning is easy, application and fully grasping it however is difficult. Truly comprehending the 108 wonders was an extremely hard thing to do!

Luo Feng was currently working on the Rainstorm picture with a slight sense of comprehension.

…

“Luo Feng, there’s mail. It’s from the Virtual Universe company.” Within the training grounds, Luo Feng sat crossed on the alloy ground. He flipped the thick Time space scribbles before him, and occasionally controlled the Nan Shen Armament to practice, as countless dark gold little blades floated and danced in mid air.

“Ah?”

Luo Feng’s thoughts moved.

Shua!

Countless little golden blades acted like birds returning to their nest, all entering the dark golden long rod on his back.

“Mail?” Luo Feng immediately pointed in mid air and a screen appeared, and on it displayed was the mail he just received.

“Secret region qualification battle?” Luo Feng looked at the subject. With a thought, he quickly opened and read on.

The level of the Virtual Universe company’s core members were separated, from high to low, and also into the primal region, absolute beginning, Sky and Land and Last Phase regions.

It wasn’t such that if one entered the Absolute beginning region, he would remain in there forever! There was intense competition amongst the core members. The weak were knocked back into the lower regions and the strong would remain. The stronger ones even got to proceed into the higher region! Competition was always present!

If one didn’t work hard…

During the genius battle, one may be the number one genius, entering the primal region. However if he didn’t work hard, he may be knocked down into the absolute beginning region during the secret region qualifications. During the 2nd time, he may be knocked into the sky and land region!

Resources were limited!

The human talents were unlimited!

As time passed, new batches of genius would always present themselves. If one’s strength didn’t match the absolute beginning region, he would naturally fall into the sky and land region.

…

Yu Xiang mountain’s primal region members, according to strength were separated into sector lord, domain lord and universe level. Within the primal region, there were 100 sector lords, 10 domain lords and 3 universe levels!

Absolute beginning region, 1,000 sector lords, 100 domain lords and 30 universe levels!

Sky and land region, 10,000 sector lords, 1,000 domain lords and 300 universe levels!

Last phase region…if a core member failed the competition, he would be dropped into the last phase region, this was the final step.

Of which…

The universe level members would compete every 100 years!

The domain lords would compete every 1,000 years!

The sector lords would compete every 100,000 years! As the sector lords would mostly be stuck at the pinnacle for very very long. Hence, every 10,000 years the Virtual Universe company would organize a genius battle and hero battle, during which, it absorbed a few geniuses here and there, along with some genius sector lords that pop out later. Thus, the number of sector lord geniuses were the most. Even with 100 slots on the primal region namelist, the competition was still extremely intense.

100 slots….

For the many from the genius battles, hero battles and others to compete for.

…

Luo Feng thought as he looked at the screen, “Qualification battle?”

“I’m currently universe level. This means that there’ll be a battle every 100 years, and its beginning in 6 years?” Luo Feng thought. “From the mail, the primal region slots have extremely intense competition, and not just from people from the same batch. One will also battle with the earlier generations and seniors.”

“The qualification battle is very tragic!”

“However, to enter the primal region, other than the qualification battle, there’s actually another way?” Luo Feng smiled as he looked at the mail.

The Last Phase members want to enter the Sky and Land region.

The Sky and Land members want to enter the Absolute beginning region.

The absolute beginning members want to enter the primal region!

How is this supposed to happen?

There were two ways. One, was the qualification battles and the second was attempting Sky mountain!

The qualification battles belonged to a large scale elimination battle. The universe level members would compete amongst each other, finally picking the victors. This occurred every 100 years. And at sector lord level…it took place every 100,000 years!

However attempting Sky mountain was different.

The core members could attempt at anytime. There were a total of three sky mountains…primal sky mountain, absolute beginning sky mountain and sky and land sky mountain. If one Last phase member were to pass all three sky mountains consecutively, then he would immediately rise to become a primal region member!

“According to the mail, as long as I pass the primal region sky mountain, I can enter the primal region?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “I’ll give it a shot!”

“After studying the 3rd volume of the Time space scribbles for a couple of months, my understanding of the rainstorm picture has grown. I can even maintain Blade world for 30 seconds now! During a battle between the strong, 30 seconds is enough.” Luo Feng thought, “I’ll attempt the primal region sky mountain.”

Virtual universe, a specially opened space.

There was a huge piece of land there, and on it were three majestic mountains. Each one higher than the other!

“This is the Sky mountain?” Luo Feng carried on his back the dark golden long rod and looked up at the three majestic mountains. At the halfway mark of each of the 3 were glowing golden words, Sky and Land, Absolute beginning, Primal! Of which, the primal sky mountain was even bigger and taller!

Sou!

Luo Feng became a beam of light and flew straight at the primal sky mountain.



Primal Sky mountain was over 10,000 Li high, and was majestic and wondrous. It was a specially opened space by the virtual universe, and it was the tallest mountain here.

A beam of light stopped at the foot of the mountain. It was Luo Feng, who was carrying a dark golden long rod on his back.

“Ah?” Luo Feng looked ahead. There laid a tall and sturdy bull man with horns on his head, and beside him was a terrifying huge axe. His snores sounded like thunder, and he had saliva drooling from his mouth, flowing down his face full of fur, landing on the black stones beside him.

That bull man seemed to realize something and he opened his eyes curiously. He looked at Luo Feng and immediately got up, laughing loudly, “You are here for the primal sky mountain?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Haha, there’s someone finally here to play with me.” The bull man laughed loudly. He raised his head and roared, “White ape, Snake, get over here!”

His voice boomed and resounded.

Sou! Sou!

From two different directions, two silhouettes flew out. On the left was a golden fur skinny ape man dressed in silver white armor, and he carried a black bamboo pole on his back. And from the right was a seductive lady with a snake tail, dressed in a translucent cotton dress.

“Bull, Ape and Snake?” Luo Feng frowned.

The Apemen was a huge race(as far as numbers were concerned) within the human race, just the apemen alone could be separated into many other categories. When compared to them, the bull man’s numbers were weaker than the apemen, and the snake people’s numbers were much lesser. It’s only considered rare only in this comparison, the snake people were still a commonly seen race in humanity.

“Hehe, finally there’s someone here to attempt the Primal Sky mountain.” The skinny apeman stooped and mocked.

“Let me see his background.” As the seductive snake lady spoke, her shockingly long tongue would extend out occasionally, after which her crystal like eyes stared at Luo Feng. “So it’s your majesty Luo Feng from the absolute beginning region. He is a new person, yet he dares attempt the sky mountain.”

“Snake, don’t scare him away.” The Bull man roared. Looking at Luo Feng, “Your majesty Luo Feng, the rules to attempt the sky mountain are very simple. You only need to kill all the guards at the foot, waist and peak of the mountain. Then, you’ll be considered to have passed the sky mountain! The three of us are the guardians of the mountain base!”

Luo Feng nodded.

Kill all the way to the peak?

“Will you still attempt it?” The bull man roared.

“I will.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Haha, White Ape, Snake, attack!” The bull man roared excitedly. He immediately grabbed that terrifying huge axe and with a step, the entire ground shook. Swiftly, he rushed towards Luo Feng. As the axe was already in position, a blur of a yellow axe slashed out.

Chi chi…

With the swing of that axe, even the space around was scarred.

“Hehe!” That skinny ape man mocked. While he was standing on a stone, from behind him, the black bamboo poke flew out. It seemed to instantly grow longer. There were a total of 9 joints on it, every one disconnected with countless threads weaving through.

It formed a 9 joint whip! This, was a level 3 spirit weapon… “Arc Serpent.”

Sou!

The blurry silhouette immediately pierced forward like lightning. With precise control, it actually reached Luo Feng before the bull man did. Like a venomous snake, it was trying to bite him.

“Hmph!” The snake lady snorted, her eyes gleaming purple.

A formless spirit energy immediately headed towards Luo Feng.

…

In an instant, the bullman, skinny ape man and the snake lady all attacked simultaneously. In terms of speed, naturally the spirit energy was the fastest, and it pierced straight into Luo Feng’s consciousness!

Within his consciousness.

A vast void pagoda stood there. It was exquisite, and glowing gold in color, with a total of 3 levels. His comprehension of the laws had allowed him to reach the 3rd level of the void pagoda. Actually, not long after he left primal chaos city, he already reached this 3 level pagoda!

Over these 80 years, he wanted to reach the 4th level, but it was obviously still not enough.

“Rumble!” The spirit energy crashed into the void pagoda, it slightly shook but remained undamaged.

“You think you can hurt me with just that?” Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle. His killing intent was fully unleashed, “Go and die all of you!”

Rumble!

The dark golden long rod from behind immediately shot out countless gold light, a blur of little golden blades shot out countless threads, connecting directly through the universe space and gold laws. The two laws through the Nan Shen Armament fused perfectly, even the lofty mountain vanished under the light.

A vast space, blade energy revolved.

Nan Shen Armament 6th level…Blade world!

“Dang!” A piece of blade energy immediately attacked that arc serpent that had become a black light, knocking it backwards. In the distance, the skinny apeman immediately went pale, and his expression changed. “Nan Shen Armament’s Blade world!” Simultaneously, he communicated, “Snake, attack his soul. Once you disperse his consciousness, his blade world will crumble!”

“You don’t need to tell me!” Her expression was cold. A formless spirit energy once again attacked Luo Feng.

“Dang!” The condensed blade energy knocked away the arc serpent and rushed towards the bull man’s huge axe.

The bull man felt a powerful force heading his way past the huge axe. He trembled and couldn’t help but retreat, spitting out fresh blood.

At the same time…the spirit energy attack that the snake lady had unleashed clashed with Luo Feng’s void pagoda.

“Go and die!” Luo Feng stared at the bull man.

Xiu!

The condensed blade energy followed and with a flash and pierced through his forehead, It left a hole, as his body fell.

Bullman was dead!

The skinny ape man and snake lady stopped their attacks.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, you actually defeated bullman? You’ve passed this mountain foot.” The skinny apeman said.

“Congratulations.” The snake lady said.

“What a powerful illusion, however it’s far from enough, break!!!” Luo Feng’s heart was like a mirror, seeing clearly through the distractions. His consciousness was like a blade, becoming a heavenly blade that slashed through the scenery around. Immediately the illusion was destroyed and the scene vanished.

As the illusion vanished, his expression changed.

A black light had already reached before him. That bull man with blood on his mouth roared as he rushed over, and in the distance, the snake lady was filled with shock, “He actually broke through my illusion that quickly!”

“That illusion sure was terrifying.” Luo Feng was shocked.

Before, when he had heavily injured the bull man, he had already fallen for the spell. The bull man he killed was all an illusion.

“This snake lady’s illusion has already reached such a level. The bull man and apeman are definitely not to be messed with either. When they clashed with my blade world before, they were only injured and not killed.” Luo Feng immediately had many thoughts in his mind, simultaneously brandishing a blood shadow blade and a 6 edged shield.

A resplendent flash of a blade!

Illusionary 7 blades…Dutchman’s pipe!

“Dang!” The black light was knocked away.

“Die!”

The vast blade world immediately sent a piece of the energy straight at the snake lady. Her expression changed and she roared mentally, “You two, come back and help me block it!!!” Simultaneously a black shield with snake engravings appeared before her. As a hypnotist, her control of spirit weapons had to be almost as good as a controller.

“Ah ah ah ah!” The bull man roared over. However, a fighter’s speed was far from blade energy or spirit weapons.

“Go and die!” The apeman controlled the black light, piercing towards Luo Feng.

Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang! Dang!

With the shield and blade, even though he was disadvantaged, he still managed to block the attacks.

“Hmph.” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed with a chill as he blocked.

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi!

Simply using his blade and shield allowed him to block the apeman’s attack. Hence, Luo Feng focused his blade world on the snake lady! With the condensed blade energy, it madly surrounded and attacked her and in an instant consecutively attacking her tens of times.

Chi!

The Snake lady’s spirit weapon was obviously unlike her illusion abilities, finally the blade energy pierced through her head.

“I can’t maintain this for much longer.” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

As he was focused on both using his blade and maintaining blade world, it was extremely taxing.

“Ah!” The bull man raged, reaching beside Luo Feng.

“Xiu!” The black light was as fast as lightning, once again reaching Luo Feng.

“Dang!” Luo Feng gathered some blade energy to once again block the black light.

Rumble!

The vast blade world collapsed revealing the many little golden blades that immediately regrouped. Half of them immediately became a huge golden long blade, that blade immediately shot at the bull man rushing towards him. It was the Nan Shen Armament’s 5th level…Space slicer!

“Go and die!” Luo Feng’s blood shadow blade immediately unleashed the 7th technique in the illusionary 7 blades, Burial!

The flash of his blade was savage!

Filled with endless killing intent!

“Ah!” The bull man howled and swung his huge axe.

Dang!

The golden long blade smashed into his huge axe, causing it to disperse into 2000 little golden blades. His axe too however was knocked aside and Luo Feng’s blood shadow blade slashed at that moment!

Chi!

The bull man was sliced into half from his head to his feet!

“Block!” As he killed the bullman, Luo Feng used the 6 edged shield to block the Arc serpent piercing from behind.

“Rumble!”

As the black light clashed into his shield, the 9 joint serpent black light actually waved its tail as fast as lightning, and pierced through Luo Feng’s head, as red and white splattering.

Luo Feng was killed!

“Damn, two of us actually died due to him.” The skinny apeman let out a sigh of relief, he couldn’t help but feel shocked.

Beside, the bull man and snake lady revived. She looked as Luo Feng’s body vanished, shocked, “My illusion and abilities, actually couldn’t affect him!”

“This is only a newbie and he actually managed to kill 2 out of 3 of us?” The bull man stared.

…

Yu Xiang mountain, Luo Feng sat in his study.

“I actually wasn’t able to even pass the foot of the mountain.” Luo Feng shook his head. “Hm, in times of crisis, I still cannot maintain the blade world long enough. Just maintaining the blade world alone, I can only do it for 30 seconds. However…while using the blood shadow blade and shield, and maintaining blade world simultaneously, the time I can do it is cut short by a lot.”

“My comprehension is still lacking!”

Luo Feng recalled the battle before, reflecting on the flaws and failures…

After a while.

“Luo Feng, your teacher True Yan Emperor is requesting a call.” The fist sized demon Babata on his shoulder shouted.


Chapter 546: Five Warriors

“Teacher?” Luo Feng stood up. His demeanor was humble. Simultaneously, he opened the screen.

On the screen, one could see a pavilion, which was erected on a reef, and below it was True Yan emperor lifting a wine glass. in the distance behind him was a luxurious and majestic palace, and on it were two large golden words True Yan.

“That should be his shrine in Thunder Island.” Luo Feng thought.

“Luo Feng.” On the screen, True Yan smiled and shouted.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

“You should have already received the mail the Virtual Universe company had sent.” He said, eyes mocking, “Don’t you really wish to make it into the primal region?”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded. After which, he shook his head helplessly and said, “Teacher, after reading the mail, I learnt that there were two ways to enter the primal region. One of them was the qualification battles and second was the Sky mountain. I just went to try the sky mountain…”

“Pffff!” True Yan spat out the wine, and his golden furred face started laughing, “You said you just attempted sky mountain?”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Failed?”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“It’d be weird if you didn’t!” True Yan couldn’t help but mock him. “Looks like you really don’t know anything about the sky mountain.”

“I just read the mail and found out about it.” Luo Feng said.

True Yan couldn’t stop laughing. “3 sky mountains, the core members can attempt them anytime! As long as one passes it, he’ll immediately rise to a higher region. It sounds perfect, however, do you think the difficulty would be that simple? Do you remember your 7 storey pagoda trial during the genius battle?”

Luo Feng nodded.

He had lost at the 6th storey’s 1st level of the pagoda, and Bolan actually made it to the 7th storey.

“There is a reason behind it!”

“The 7 storey pagoda was set up so that there’s almost no hope of passing!” True Yan said. “This sky mountain is the same! The difficulty is extremely high. Yet, you wish to enter the primal region by passing sky mountain? I’ll tell you this, even if the primal region universe level members all went, none of them would be able to pass their own primal sky mountain.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Even if it’s the primal region members, none of them could pass the primal sky mountain?

“Do you understand?”

“If you can pass the primal sky mountain, that would mean you are even stronger than the same leveled primal region members! Naturally, they’d give you the position then.” True Yan said, “As for just how hard it is, you’ve already tried it. Where did you fail, foot? Mid or peak?”

“Foot.” Luo Feng was somewhat ashamed, “I killed two of them, before I failed.”

“Being able to kill two is already not bad. How long have you been nurtured in the Virtual Universe Company?” True Yan said. “As for the difficulty of the sky mountain, the foot, mid and peak all have three guardians.”

“The guardians are all fighter, spirit reader controller and hypnotist.”

“The three of them will gang up on you.”

“Even if the three of them are weaker than you by a little, with their combined forces, and by working together, they become extremely strong.” True Yan said. “The mid mountain guardians are 10 times stronger than the foot! The peak guardians are 10 times stronger than the mid section!”

Luo Feng stared, “How can that be? Doesn’t that mean that the peak guardians are 100 times stronger than the ones at the foot?”

“Right, 100 times.” True Yan nodded.

“When unleashing the blade world, I can maintain it for 30 seconds. Unleashing blade world at universe level 9, even in the vast universe, wouldn’t that be absolute already?” Luo Feng was clear on his status, True Yan nodded, “Yes it’s absolute.”

“I’m almost able to pass the mountain foot, and yet the peak guardians are 100 times stronger?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but shout out, “How can a universe level 9 pass it?”

It was hard to imagine.

At universe level 9, there was still someone 100 times stronger.

He was able to unleash the blade world! And his willpower and consciousness was able to defend against hypnotism!

“Right, how can one pass?”

True Yan laughed too, “Hence, even the primal region universe level members cannot pass it!”

Luo Feng was stunned.

“The primal sky mountain is a benchmark! It was placed there for people to aspire at, for people to feel like they have a goal, and to never feel proud.” True Yan said. “Hence, if you wish to rise to the primal region, the true path is the qualification battles!”

“Teacher?” Luo Feng thought.

On the screen True Yan emperor looked at him.

“Has anyone ever passed the primal sky mountain?” Luo Feng asked.

“Yes! Of course! And quite a few in fact!” True Yan smiled and nodded. “In this vast universe, with it’s countless humans, many of them have had miraculous encounters. There are also strong characters with extremely high comprehension and great physiques…what hasn’t there been? In the vast history, just how many geniuses have there been?”

“You and Bolan are but geniuses of the last 10,000 eras. And how long has the primal universe been around for?”

“Within the endless periods of time, geniuses stronger than you and Bolan by 10 to 100 hundred times have appeared, everything has happened before.” True Yan shook his head. “The chances of a genius becoming a strong warrior are extremely high. However, there is still a large amount of them that fall. Back during my generation, of course 10s of thousands of years earlier, there was one called Kedi. He was named as a one in one hundred million eras genius!

“Universe level, domain lord, and sector lord, these 3 periods, he directly passed the primal sky mountain, which is extremely miraculous and beyond compare. When he was in the outfield battles, he simply shocked the other races. During sector lord level, he was able to kill an undying with the title official!”

“A group of universe country leaders and knights competed to accept him as their disciples. Finally, it was the primal chaos city leader that accepted him.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Treating the primal sky mountain as a game? Sector lord level able to kill an undying with the title official? A group of universe country leaders and knights fighting to take him in?

Madness!

“And finally?” True Yan shook his head, “In a particular universe secret region, he died. When he died, he was sector lord pinnacle.”

Luo Feng blinked hard.

“Saying someone is a genius, maybe if it’s within a galaxy, indeed he would be number 1. However in a star field? In a universe country? In the entire humanity?” True Yan smiled, “Even if you are the number 1 genius in the universe of humanity, that’s only 1 period of time. In 10,000 years, 10,000 eras, hundred million eras, the entire history of humanity? What are you against that.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but nod.

“One should be confident, but not arrogant.” True Yan shook his head, “That Bolan is too proud. Yet he doesn’t know that the group of universe country leaders don’t even favor him. Over their long life, they’ve already seen many geniuses similar to him.”

“I understand.”

“I will work hard, if others can pass the primal sky mountain, I too will work hard.” Luo Feng said.

On the screen, True Yan was slightly taken aback before nodding.

“My reason for calling is to warn you about the qualification matches.” True Yan said. “These matches, firstly it is an internal battle within the absolute beginning region! There are a total of 38 in that region. The original 30, plus the 8 of you new people.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“38 decisive battles, picking out the top 3.”

“The strongest 3 will have the right to challenge the people of the primal region. Of course, very few have ever succeeded.” True Yan said, “What I want to talk about now is your internal battle between the 38.”

“You, Rong Jun and the rest of the 8 are all new people.”

“And as for the old people of the universe level, some of them have been nurtured for 1,000 years, and many for thousands of years.” True Yan said. “Right now, of these 30 old people, 5 have passed the 7th level of the heavenly bridge and 25 have passed the 6th.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but stare.

This, this…

30 old people, 5 have passed the 7th level? And the rest have all passed the 6th?

“That’s not strange at all. If Wuka and the rest train for thousands of years, they’d all be able to pass the 6th level as well.” True Yan said. “Time, that’s the power of time! Your talents may be high, but they’ve trained longer.”

“Why have they not broken through to domain lord after so long?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask.

That was simply bullying.

The new people would be crushed. 30 old people and 5 of them had already passed the 7th level!

“Bottleneck, to these geniuses, they can definitely pass it in a 1,000 years.” True Yan poured his wine, downing the glass and pouring yet another. “However, the universe level is one that allows them to take missions and earn points! And it is also a good time to lay down solid foundations, naturally their achievements would be higher later.”

“Since their life spans are long, what’s thousands of years in the universe level?”

“No one is stupid, they are all taking the chance to earn points.”

“And because of this, one can only take 10 missions every 100 years! And the safe level, normal, difficult, dangerous, suicide levels, every one of them have limits to how many you can take.” True Yan said.

“This, this is simply bullying.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but say.

“They too were once new people.” On the screen True Yan said. “You are still ok, staying in the absolute beginning region shouldn’t be a problem. However Wuka and the rest of them, they’d probably be knocked back into the sky and land region.”

Luo Feng was silent.

“Your greatest enemies are those 5, the 5 who’ve passed the 7th level of the heavenly bridge.” True Yan said.

“5, the 5 from the 30 old people?” Luo Feng frowned.

5 great warriors.

The talents of these 5 people were at least Wuka’s level, and with such long time to train and grow, they would have taken many missions and had much experience.

“Work hard.”

“Your opponents are them.” True Yan said. “This is your first qualification battle. There’s not much of a chance to enter the primal region. My request for you is for you to make it into the top 3 of the absolute beginning!”

After the call ended, Luo Feng sat in his room for awhile.

“My initial plan was to make it into the primal region. But the old people of the absolute beginning are actually that strong…teacher wishes for me to make it into the top 3?” Luo Feng thought. “A soldier that doesn’t wish to become general is not a good soldier. If I don’t even dare to dream about entering the primal region, than I’d be useless.”

“This time!”

“I definitely have to make it into the primal region!”

“6 years, I still have 6 years.” Luo Feng thought. As for these next 6 years, he already gave up on the initial plan. He already had a general idea for his plan for the next 6 years.

“My strengths!”

“My advantage is my strength and I will further strengthen them as much as possible.”


Chapter 547: Attempting the Heavenly Bridge 7th level!

What was Luo Feng’s greatest strength right now?

It was the right claw of the golden horned beast with 97 blood river stones within, the beast god statue, the 3 ancient pictures, Tearing Sky and land, the combination of those 4!

Before he went to Blood River world, his greatest strength was the Mosha clansman, the 9 universe tablet, Time space scribbles! The Mosha clansman studied the space laws, hence it was extremely fast. It even once resulted in Luo Feng’s comprehension of the gold laws lagging behind the space laws!

But now, things were different!

The golden horned beast was naturally proficient in the golden origin laws. Through unleashing the right claw’s 1st claw, its fusion with the universe energy was raised by 10 times! It’s body itself was already absurdly strong, and 10 times stronger, with the fusion of space comprehension, it wasn’t weaker than the Mosha clansman anymore!

With this level of comprehension of the two laws, when training Tearing sky and land, what kind of shocking speed would that result in? This was afterall a technique created by the earlier generations of golden horned beasts, it was naturally suited for it.

The beast god statue and 3 ancient pictures were profound, but that’s only because they had no specific training methods.

Tearing sky and land however had a specific training method.

The two of them resonated!

Just the improvement speed alone of the golden horned beast studying Tearing sky and land’s 1st claw was shockingly fast. Especially in these few months, since he acquired the beast god statue, his own improvement speed left Luo Feng somewhat speechless.

“My strongest attribute in training is the 1st claw.”

“In battle, my strength is, being able to use both spirit reader side and fighter.” Luo Feng quickly organized his thoughts, “The mosha clansman is actually supposed to train the illusionary techniques, instead…I’ll let it work with the golden horned beast and train mainly on Burial.”

Burial and the 1st claw.

In terms of law usage, these two were the closest, this was what made burial become the Mosha clansman’s strongest move.

“When I get into close combat with the enemy, I’ll simultaneously use my spirit weapons! When I attempted the sky mountain earlier, I relied on this to kill two of them.” Luo Feng thought.

In terms of close combat ability.

Luo Feng was able to use one blade to withstand that bull man, and the ape man’s spirit weapon. It was only slightly disadvantaged…and while using the Nan Shen Armament’s 5th level, Space slicer was actually knocked away by the bull man. Only when using the 6th level’s blade world was he able to pressure him.

“My close combat strength is slightly weaker than my spirit weapon, but it’s not that far off.”

“I’ll focus more on Burial for awhile, and with the 1st claw’s help, the improvement will be very fast.” Luo Feng smiled. If he were to be caught in a stalemate using the Nan Shen Armament, during the critical time, he’ll use the blood shadow blade to close in and kill. That was akin to having a trump card when needed.

How strong was Luo Feng’s close combat…

No one really knew, even True Yan emperor only knew of what Luo Feng had accomplished back in primal chaos city, that move that Luo Feng used to pass the heavenly bridge. During that time, his close combat was far weaker than his spirit weapon.

As time passed, the universe humanity’s most elite universe level geniuses all made their preparations for their qualification battles.

Luo Feng didn’t dare relax either. The golden horned beast and the mosha clansman worked on their 1st claw and Burial, Time space scribbles, 9 universe tablet, 9 black fireballs, he replayed all these scenes over and over etc. Everything resonated with each other, and when he had any questions he would go ask his teacher True Yan emperor.

“Luo Feng, how is he improving so quickly?”

“Luo Feng, you are sure you can unleash this page’s technique in the time space scribbles? Show it to me first.” True Yan watched as Luo Feng did it successfully. He stared hard, “Madness, how are you improving even faster than in Blood River world by so much?

True Yan was shocked.

Luo Feng didn’t dare relax even after.

…

It had been half a year since he returned from Blood River world. Virtual universe, Heavenly bridge.

On that beautiful island in the center, a black star robed watchman Bevin was shocked to see Luo Feng appear out of thin air. “Luo Feng, since you passed the 6th level, you haven’t returned at all.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Are you going to attempt the 7th level?” Bevin laughed.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“You look very confident.” Bevin smiled and pointed into the distance, “There’s no one on the 9 universe bridge. I wish you all the best. If you can pass the 7th level, you’ll have truly exceeded Bolan!”

“I believe I can succeed.” Luo Feng smiled, after which he became a beam of light rushing into the distance of the 9 universe heavenly bridge, and flying swiftly up the many levels.

7th level, this was a vast space.

The bridge extended into space itself. At the end of the bridge, there floated a small meteorite that had a diameter of 1km. Luo Feng, who was dressed in his dark red armor stood on the other end, staring at the floating meteorite.

“Pick your opponent. Fighter, controller, hypnotist, pick one and if you defeat him, you’ll have passed the 7th level. A hoarse voice resounded from the meteorite.

“Controller!” Luo Feng said.

Pa!

A small stone broke off from the side of the meteorite, landing on the bridge itself. It rolled about slightly on the bridge before transforming into a blue armored masked warrior, who stood on a dark cloud shuttle, and carried a dark golden long rod controller.

“Universe level 9 youngster, haven’t seen you in awhile.” The blue armored man’s voice was old.

“I wouldn’t come unless I had the confidence.” Luo Feng said.

“Very good!”

The blue armored man stood on the dark cloud shuttle and roared, “Let me see how much you’ve improved, since you have so much confidence.”

Rumble!

The dark golden long rod he carried shot out 10 million gold lights. In an instant countless little golden blades shot in all directions, seemingly warping the entire land and skies. And standing on his own dark cloud shuttle in the distance, Luo Feng’s dark golden long rod too shout out 10 million gold lights!

The two of them had similar moves! The land and skies around the two changed completely.

Rumble! Rumble!

The vast world had blade energy revolving. This was the blade world, the blade world the blue armored man formed clashed directly with Luo Feng’s.

Rumble, Rumble, Rumble…

The two worlds collided, and countless blade energy clashed.

“Your improvement is shocking. However, your control of the blade world is still weaker than mine by a little.” The blue armored man pointed at Luo Feng, “Go!”

Xiu!

The blue armored man gathered one thread of golden blade energy and shot at Luo Feng.

“My control of the blade world is weaker?” Luo Feng was still very confident. Actually, two months ago, he was already able to form a stable blade world! The reason he waited for two more months was to perfectly control the blade world and even under circumstance or pressure, to maintain his stable control of it.

Why he was slightly weaker was mainly because Luo Feng was multitasking. He was using only part of his consciousness to control the Nan Shen Armament. He was seeing how it would go.

“Then now, I’ll use my full focus on the Nan Shen Armament. If I can win without using close combat, then there’s no need for it.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. The surrounding blade energy erupted, seemingly strengthened, immediately pressuring and pushing against the other blade world. Simultaneously, he pointed and shouted, “Go!”

A thread of golden blade energy shot directly at the blue armored man.

Chi! Chi!

The two condensed blade world energies formed incomparably, and the piercing blades that clashed, completely dispersed.

The further away from the body, the weaker and harder it was to control the blade world energy. Hence, every time it would be condensed closer to the body. Since, this was the strongest point!

“Chi!”

“Chi!”

Two threads of golden blade energy once again clashed and dispersed.

“Blue armored man, you are set to lose.” After trying two attacks, Luo Feng didn’t conserve his energy anymore, coldly ordering and pointing at the blue armored man.

Xiu!

A thread of gold blade energy shot at him.

“It’s no use. You should go back and train further. Your power is close to mine, train another 3 years and you may pressure me. Train another 10 years and you’ll be able to defeat me.” The blue armored man controlled a thread of gold blade energy and shot towards Luo Feng to deflect his attack.

“Hmph.” Luo Feng stared coldly at him.

Hu!

Luo Feng’s attack actually swerved and dodged in mid air, not going head on against the blue armored old man’s attack. While it dodged…it continued on towards the blue armored man.

“What?” The blue armored man’s expression changed, “Then we’ll risk it all!”

The two controllers matched off.

Especially in blade world, the two of them used their full strength to condense the blade energy! It was like two warriors holding their blades, slashing wildly at each other! This resulted in a heated exchange. If one was stronger and could block off one attack, he could then attack and kill the other, that would mean success.

And Luo Feng’s move was was made to not even block the attack against him, but slashing straight at his neck.

This was a suicidal move!

It was called…kamikaze!

“Xiu!” Luo Feng controlled that shot of blade energy till it reached right before the blue armored man, its speed was much faster than the dark cloud shuttle.

“Xiu.” That dark gold blade energy reached Luo Feng too.

The two of them were both facing danger.

However, they had completely different methods to deal with it. A shield appeared before the blur armored man, and he used spirit energy to block it.

“Break!!!”

Luo Feng held one shield in his hand and a blood shadow blade in the other. With a roar, the blade pressured the space around, even affecting the blade world energy around it. This blade was filled with brutality, and was extremely fast. The edge of the blade glimmered gold and it slashed directly against that thread of gold blade energy.

Rumble!

Luo Feng felt the impact and was knocked back 10m. His blood was boiling within, however that dark golden blade energy was already dispersed.

“Chi! Chi! Chi!”

On the other end, the blade energy that Luo Feng controlled was as fast as lighting. The shield’s movement speed couldn’t keep up at all with it. After parrying two times, the 3rd time, it pierced through the blue armored man’s head!

His body fell down…

Luo Feng looked at the blue armored body and said softly, “We both have the blade world. But my blade and the Nan Shen Armament isn’t too different in level!”

The 7th level of the heavenly bridge, success!

“Bolan, I’ll take the lead.” Luo Feng smiled and rushed into the sky, headed towards the 8th level.


Chapter 548: Newbie Luo Feng

At the end of the heavenly bridge’s 8th level.

Luo Feng looked at the floating meteorite, “Every three levels of the bridge is a breakthrough level. However, towards the end, it gets harder and harder, like the levels 19, 20 and 21, passing the 21st would make one a knight, an eternal being on the same level as the universe country leader. The 20th and 21st levels are incredibly difficult.”

From the 7th to 8th, the difficulty may not be as jarring as from the 6th to 7th!

However it was still definitely more than from the 5th to 6th!

…

“Trying the 8th level at universe level 9, you are indeed exceptional. Right now, in the Virtual Universe company universe level, there’s only one who has passed the 8th level.” The blue armored man stood on the dark cloud shuttle, his eyes smiling behind the mask, “Receive this.”

Rumble!

The blue armored man’s dark golden long rod shot out 10 million gold lights. Luo Feng did exactly the same thing, as simultaneously, countless little golden blades shot in all directions, immediately connecting with the space, and gold laws. The land and skies changed in color, and in an instant the entire surroundings were filled with blade energy.

Still the same 6th level…Own world!

“Rumble!” The blue armored man controlled his blade world and violently smashed over. immediately Luo Feng’s side began to crumble and split apart, the blue armored man’s blade world however was still growing.

“Not good.” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

Sou!

He became a beam of light, wielding the blood shadow blade and rushing at the enemy.

“Chi!” A dark golden blade energy formed right before his eyes and pierced right through his head.

Luo Feng lost, the 8th level, failure!

…

“I actually lost like that.” Luo Feng sat in his study, still shocked from before. “According to the information I’ve seen, this should be the blade world’s Omnipresent level.”

Nan Shen Armament’s 6th level, Blade world was a very terrifying attack.

Just like the 1st level, forming one golden blade, up till 9.

The blade world too had different levels.

Luo Feng was currently only at the start of controlling it, and was able to condense 1 thread of the blade energy. He also had to be in close range to the enemy to do it! Because, as he got further away, the control would weaken, he still couldn’t control it at will. However the 8th level opponent did it easily.

He gathered his blade energy in an instant and killed Luo Feng!

One had to reach a level of control of the blade world where one could easily do what he wanted, to make the blade energy omnipresent!

“The reason for my failure is due to the blade energy of the opponent being omnipresent, and I couldn’t even defend.” Even though he had passed the 7th level, he wasn’t proud at all, but continued his studies as per usual.

Virtual universe heavenly bridge.

Watchman Bevin stared wide eyed, muttering, “The humans of the universe have trillions of races, I’ve already seen many geniuses. This Luo Feng however…he actually exceeded Bolan! Bolan’s talent was incredibly shocking to countless people before. Interesting, this is getting interesting.”

After which, Bevin sent out the news of Luo Feng completing the 7th level to the people involved, also sending it out to all absolute beginning and primal region members.

…

Yu Xiang mountain, primal region, Long Yun’s training grounds.

In the vast training grounds.

Long Yun knelt on the floor, smashing fists after fist against the hallow ground.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! The ground shook and his expression was heavy. Every hit smashed the ground more, until a crater was formed.

“I said before that I would return proudly to Swelling water universe country.”

“I said that I would become an absolute warrior in the universe.”

“I said that I would always remain within the primal region.” Long Yun gritted his teeth. His eyes were filled with veins. “Why, back then Luo Feng and I weren’t too different in levels. However right now I just passed the 5th level and he’s already passed the 7th?”

“I won’t accept it!”

“I won’t accept it!” Long Yun grit his teeth.

“Calm, I need to remain calm.” He closed his eyes and mutter softly, “Yes, one step at a time. I cannot let him affect my emotions. If I am distracted, I’m bound to fail. I need to remain calm, calm.”

Long Yun was a very low profile person, yet no one truly dared look down on him.

He was silent.

He had been alone all this while. In his genius competition batch, his talent may have ranked only 20th or 30th, but his improvement speed was just as fast as Wuka’s.

…

Similarly within the primal region, Bolan was in his villa.

Bolan wielded the blood blade in his hand and he casually swung it about. However, he suddenly frowned and gently tapped the screen before him and a mail opened.

“Luo Feng, successfully passed the 7th level.” Bolan gently read it out, after which he completely froze.

Pa!

The blood blade fell onto the floor, the crash actually awoke Bolan suddenly.

“He passed? He’s surpassed me?” Bolan didn’t even care about the blood blade on the ground, silently walking into his living quarters and into his study. He sat crossed legged and stared at the photo hanging on the wall. It was of an old man teaching a youth.

He sat silently…

Not a sound was muttered.

There was a very crowded spot in the absolute beginning region… the arena!

The area was a public arena where geniuses would often gather to spar against each other, even wagering on the matches, naturally both sides would wager on their fights. Afterall, the deaths in the virtual universe were fake, and no one dared bet too much on others.

“Your majesty, I think you should give up.”

“Your majesty Wuka, you’ve already lost 8 matches today.”

“Anymore, you’ll still end up losing.”

A group of universe level absolute beginning members watching the matches mocked and laughed. In the arena.

Wuka was lying flat in the corner of the arena. His head was filled with blood, as he lay there breathing heavily.

“Shut up all of you!!!” He roared fiercely. He stood up abruptly, as fresh blood stained his face red. He stared hard at the group of spectators below the arena, “I’m not dead yet!”

After which, he stared at the distant youth with silver white scales on his face. That youth snorted coldly, “Your majesty, you’ve already lose 8 consecutive matches, I think you should just leave.”

“Bullshit!”

Wuka roared.

Rumble!

With a stomp, his entire being rushed straight against that youth closing in until there was only 10m left. In his hands, two short axes appeared. He waved one of them and swung it directly at the youth.

“Hmph!” The youth with the silver white scales immediately dodged and left a hundred images. With a rumble, he immediately grabbed one of Wuka’s arms and swung him around smashing him straight into the ground.

“Get lost!”

Wuka’s other axe immediately slashed right through his own captured arm, and he flung that axe straight at the youth, causing his expression to suddenly change as he dodged as fast as lightning. However, there was a slash wound left on his chest already, as fresh blood flowed.

“Hahaha, hahaha…” Wuka stood there, his left arm grabbing the axe. Fresh blood flowing from his broken right arm, yet he laughed loudly. He held the axe and pointed with his left hand at the youth, “Mo Yi Lin, didn’t you proudly declare like an idiot before, that I wouldn’t be able to even touch you, haha…”

The youth gritted his teeth, staring at Wuka, “You madman.”

“Haha, madman, Luo Feng of our Absolute beginning 3 heroes is the true madman. I cannot compare to him.” Wuka laughed loudly, after which he turned to face the group below. He pointed at them, “All of you listen, the 8 of us are new here. Haven’t you all just trained a few thousand years more than us. what’s there to be proud of? Yet, all of you are so arrogant, saying I, Wuka, cannot even hurt anyone of you? I’ve only just passed the 5th level and you’ve all passed the 6th. Don’t look down on us new people!”

After he finished, he jumped straight off the arena.

The group at the side of the arena, there were 8 that were gathered. The leader was a man in a silver grey long robe, he said coldly, “Wuka is indeed a Manka warrior, intrepid. However newbies are still newbies. During this qualification battle, all 8 of you are entering the land and sky region! Only about 10 of the members in that region have reached the 6th level!”

“Di!”

“Di!”

“Di!”

The group of universe level geniuses all received a mail simultaneously.

“We’ve all received something?”

“Who sent it?”

“Open it?”

The group of senior universe level members in the absolute beginning region all opened the mail.

“What, 7th level?”

“Luo Feng?”

“It’s Luo Feng of the 8 newbies?” Many of the geniuses couldn’t help but get shocked. The 6th to 7th level was too difficult, even though they were geniuses that had trained for thousands of years, only 5 of them managed to pass the 7th. The rest were still stuck on the 6th.

“Luo Feng?”

Wuka who was just about to leave heard, quickly opening the mail and reading the contents. He immediately stared with glee and surprise, following which he pointed at the group of seniors and laughed loudly, “You bunch of bastards, have you seen it? What a genius is, what a true genius is? What about us newbies? We’ve only trained a hundred years, what about it? Yet we are able to pass the 7th level, what about it?”

“Haha, you all better remember the name Luo Feng! He’s one of the 3 heroes of the Absolute beginning region!” Wuka smiled wide.

The group of seniors all went silent.

“Luo Feng?” The silver grey robed man squinted his eyes, glancing at Wuka who was wielding the blood stained axe and leaving. “To be able to pass the 7th level, I have to check him out properly. Our attempt to rush into the primal region this time…this Luo Feng has already become a threat.”

…

The Honor secret region of the universe mercenary alliance was akin to the Virtual Universe company’s Primal region and Absolute beginning regions, a secret region which was excavated and remodeled.

Honor secret region, there was a desolate large planet.

It, was called Hell arena!

A skinny wolf like man with yellow fur and green eyes gazed into a distance while standing on a stone. Suddenly he frowned, his brown eyes gleaming green, “Luo Feng? This new batch is pretty impressive. However, the slot for the primal region is mine!”


Chapter 549: Change

Virtual universe, primal region, Bolan’s training grounds was currently an ice land.

There was enough snow to bury a person up to his knees.

Bolan sat crossed legged in the snow, topless with his eyes shut.

“Bolan.” A cold voice resounded.

Hua!

Bolan stood up and the snow fell in all directions, and he turned to look. A tall and skinny man with eyes like a venomous snake, and a body rippling with origin laws, appeared in the ice land, gazing over him, “Luo Feng has already passed the 7th level. Why, are you not affected by it?”

“Teacher.” Bolan bowed, not speaking more.

Primal region members had an undying specially catered to teach them, and according to their needs, they can even change for a different undying teacher!

This one before him was an official level undying.

“Stupid, what a joke.” The man’s cold eyes gazed at Bolan. “Are you so stupid that you are still insisting on your old ways?”

“Teacher, I’ve thought it through.” Bolan bowed.

“Speak.” The cold man said.

“I admit I was too proud before, and too over confident.” Bolan said softly. “The study of the Universe primal chaos tablet, I’ve decided to focus on the space laws.”

“That’s wise!” The cold man revealed a smile.

Just like how a parent who makes a decision for their children, but they are obstinate in their ways. However…when the child grows up and discovers that the path his parent chose for them is the right choice.

One theory.

Bolan’s decision was a wise one. When he was young, many warriors weren’t as talented as he was, hence his choice had always been right. However…with regards to the problem of which tablet to pick in primal chaos city, the ones giving him advice were undyings and even universe country leaders were afraid of the geniuses falling.

Undyings and even universe country leaders, just how high were their perspectives?

Their long eternal lives has resulted in them seeing how many generations of geniuses pass? Their suggestions…were a result of their experience!

Maybe…

If Bolan continued down this path, in 10,000 years, 100,000 years, a million years, he would still become an absolute warrior amongst the undying. However, Luo Feng of the same generation would have far left him in his dust.

“Your space talent is the most absurd i’ve ever seen.” The cold man said. “Even compared to the legendary geniuses of before, just your space talent is top class. Your decision is very wise! You should celebrate having such a rival like Luo Feng in the same generation!”

“Because of him, he’s shocked you.” The cold man said.

Bolan was silent, his eyes however gleamed in a new way.

Luo Feng?

“Since you’ve made the decision, then we’ll begin according to the plan I’ve constructed.” The cold man said.

…

The universe tablet was one that trained in space and time. However over a trillion years, just how many were able to work on both space and time and improve at the same speed?

Hence, there were 3 ways to study the universe tablet.

One of them was to have time as the main and space as secondary.

Another was space as the main and time as secondary.

The last was training both at the same time.

If the 3rd option was accomplished, one would definitely be absurdly powerful, and Bolan had picked this 3rd option before. But right now, he was picking to let space be the main and time as the secondary.

Once the path was chosen right…

The improvement speed would be shocking!

“Luo Feng.”

“Luo Feng, hurry over.”

“Madman, come to Wuka.”

Luo Feng who was studying the 3rd volume of time space scribbles seriously immediately received the many messages from Wuka and Rong Jun. The two of them were worried about disturbing his training, hence they sent messages. The virtual assistant Babata would report to Luo Feng according to his situation.

“The both of them, why are they looking for me so urgently?” Luo Feng smiled and shook his head.

After which he flew out his balcony and into the sky, gazing at the not too distant Wuka’s villa.

…

Within the living room.

Wuka and Rong Jun sat there, facing the table with wine on it.

“Madman is here.” Rong Jun stood up.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng.” Wuka was the 1st to rush out and welcomed him with a bear hug.

“What’s up?” Luo Feng was shocked as he dodged to the side, smiling as he looked at Wuka, “Why so friendly?”

“Madman, you are too awesome.” Wuka grabbed Luo Feng’s arm and dragged him into the living room. Luo Feng saw the exquisite wine on the table, especially with the two complex words Thunder Rain, he was shocked, “Wuka, you stingy punk actually bought Thunder Rain wine?”

Thunder rain wine, in reality, it was something even True Yan emperor couldn’t bear to drink casually.

Even in the virtual universe, this one bottle alone cost 32 mixed elements! Meaning that this one bottle was the equivalent of an entire sector lord’s wealth, drinking 10 galaxies in one go! However amongst Luo Feng, Rong Jun and Wuka, there was no doubt Wuka was the most wealthy. There was no other way about it, his father had such a high position.

Wuka’s father was one of the pinnacle figures in the Manka universe country.

However even so, he wouldn’t dare spend money this way.

“What’s one bottle of wine?” Wuka said passionately as he gently opened the cork off the bottle, and pouring a glass for Luo Feng. The liquid was translucent, with crystal like droplets floating within, and the droplets had traces of electricity coursing through them.

Even though this bottle of wine didn’t have the same effect as changing one’s body structure in reality.

However from the body and soul, the feeling was the same. Drinking it in the virtual universe was an extreme luxury!

“It’s just one bottle. Brother, you’ve passed the 7th level. That’s awesome, thrilling, thrilling.” Wuka couldn’t help but shout.

“Oh, you all know about it?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“Madman, you are shameless.” Beside, Rong Jun couldn’t help but say as he enjoyed the wine.

“Truly shameless, you actually never told us about this. Luckily watchman Bevin sent a message to all of us.” Wuka said.

“Damn.” Luo Feng stared, “This Bevin actually…”

“Hahaha, the message came at the right time.” Wuka said, “You didn’t see, since the time the virtual universe sent the message regarding the qualification battles, the seniors in the absolute beginning region who were peaceful before suddenly got arrogant and feisty.”

“Everybody is competing to not get kicked into the Sky and land region!” Wuka shook his head, “Those seniors look down on the 8 of us, who are new. I was unhappy with it, hence I constantly challenge them to battles!”

“Frequently battle?” Luo Feng was stunned.

Wuka had just passed the heavenly bridge 5th level. But, amongst the 30 universe level seniors, 5 of them had passed the 7th level and 25 had passed the 6th.

“Why, cannot I compete? Our Manka people have never lowered their heads and admitted defeat. Even if we lose temporarily, we’ll return to battle again.” Wuka snorted coldly, “Those group of bastards are all arrogant. In the end, they were still injured by me. However, this is still not thrilling. The thrilling part was…when that group saw that letter and the news of you passing the 7th level.”

“You didn’t see their expressions, that was exciting.”

“Many just stared wide eyed with shock.” Wuka laughed loudly. “Back then I was mocking and laughing at them, they couldn’t even retort. That’s truly thrilling, hence I bought a bottle of Thunder Rain to celebrate the achievements of us newbies, and also the number 1 person of our batch.”

“Temporarily number 1.” Rong Jun smiled beside and glanced at Luo Feng.

“Hm, temporarily number 1.” Wuka nodded.

Luo Feng laughed.

The reason why he got along well with these two was because of their one similarity, which was that they were never willing to admit defeat. They may temporarily be lagging behind, however no one would give up and instead constantly improve.

“Wuka, Rong Jun, I are ready to accept another mission.” Luo Feng said. “However, my knowledge of the missions is very low, do you have any suggestions?”

“The missions, naturally the higher the difficulty, the more shocking the points.” Wuka said.

“I have some suggestions. I’ve already finished the 10 missions for my 100 years.” Rong Jun said, “And these were all suggested by my teacher…”

The three of them began their discussion.

…

Luo Feng’s plan was to first pass the 7th level of the heavenly bridge.

And after, grasp the time to go do some missions. Through real life battles and along with the training environments, he would be able to improve himself! Through that first Blood River world mission, he had gained huge benefits, he wasn’t intending to do any random mission, that simply.

Every mission had to have some great benefits hiding behind.

It all depended on whether he could get it or not.

Of course…the prerequisite was strength!

…

The three of them chatted for awhile. Luo Feng finally had a clearer plan of how to choose his missions.

“This wine is really good.”

“This feeling is even more wonderful than the life evolution when I broke through to the universe level.” Luo Feng closed his eyes, feeling the change in his body and soul. That comfortable feeling, of course these were all simulated by the Virtual Universe company. The real Thunder rain was something even Wuka couldn’t afford in reality.

And even people like True Yan emperor, Tong Nan emperor, these eternal beings, they would only purchase such luxuries once every countless years.

“This wine is awesome. It’s time I attended classes, the class today is taught by an Emperor undying, which fits me well.” Luo Feng got up.

“Hm, I won’t send you off.”

“Go on.”

Rong Jun and Wuka lay in the sofa, enjoying the delicious wine, not willing to get up.

Training should be harsh, but one should still indulge occasionally and enjoy the luxuries of life.

“These two punks.” Luo Feng smiled and shook his head, after which he became a beam of light and flew straight into the sky.

…

At this time, within another villa in the absolute beginning region. “Today’s class talks about space and gold, the fusion of these two laws. That Luo Feng will definitely go. Mo Yi Lin, Ah Shi…you two should go attend the class too and find a way to challenge Luo Feng to feel him out. Once we know what moves he has, we’ll be prepared and when the qualification battles come…it’ll be much easier!” The man dressed in the silver grey robe said.


Chapter 550: Provocation

Absolute beginning region, classroom number 2.

The room was 80km long and 60km wide. This was bigger than a normal city of earth, yet this was only a place for an undying to teach. There were over 1000 seats at the back of the classroom, and beams of lights occasionally flew in to fill the seats.

Sou!

Luo Feng appeared before the seats too, and picked one casually from the left.

“Look, it’s Luo Feng.”

“He’s Luo Feng from the newest batch of geniuses? Looks pretty handsome and strong.”

“He hasn’t been in the Virtual Universe company that long and he already passed the 7th level. He seems very strong. We are only on the 8th level but we are already domain lord level.” In the corner, two ladies, one with beautiful wings and another with eyes filled with enticement, discussed with hushed voices. They weren’t shy at all, and looked passionately at Luo Feng.

The other members in other places were all discussing too.

“That’s Luo Feng?”

“Right, it’s him.”

“That punk is brutal. Back when I was at universe level, the highest I got was only the 7th level. And that was over 3,000 years after joining the Virtual Universe company.”

“According to his improvement speed, he has no chance of entering the primal region this qualification battle. But by the next one… maybe there’s hope. As long as he has a few thousand years, he definitely has a guarantee of making it into the primal region.”

Two sector lords sitting in the corner were discussing.

Discussions were rampant!

It seemed the moment Luo Feng sat down, the entire classroom number 2 with close to 100 students all began to discuss him. Luo Feng became the center of attention. To be able to in such a short time, pass the 7th level, even before the 1st qualification battle,, only absolute geniuses were capable of such things!

Luo Feng sat silently there, his ears moving slightly.

He clearly heard all the discussions.

“I’ve become a zoo animal.” Luo Feng felt helpless within.

“How do you do Luo Feng.” A boorish voice resounded.

Luo Feng turned to see a bent body with a forehead with 6 protrusions, and his skin was covered in black fur. This man sat a few meters away from himself. While looking at Luo Feng and smiling, he said “I’m Suo Dragon, domain lord level. Today, I’ve heard many discussing about you…however, you are indeed impressive.”

“Thanks.” Luo Feng replied.

Within however he was laughing. According to the separation, the absolute beginning region had 1,000 sector lords, 100 domain lords, 30 universe levels. He was one of the new 8, making the entire number of the region go up to 1138.

However after the qualification battle, the numbers would return back to 1130.

Just from the looks of it, the number of sector lords were the highest, and most of the people in this classroom 2 were sector lords too. Very few of them were domain lords and the universe level numbers were very pitiful. Including Luo Feng, there were only four of them. This alone had made him shocked, because there were usually only two universe levels attending the classes.

“Today, there are two more universe level members here.” Luo Feng thought.

“Absolute beginning members have a very low chance of making it into the primal region!” Suo Dragon said softly, “My friend and I were discussing, saying that you will have hopes of making it in a few hundred years! Our absolute beginning region…very rarely will one ever make it. Everytime such a thing happens, it makes us all excited.”

“Even if you are only one step ahead of everyone, this will eventually lead to you being more steps ahead of everyone.”

“The earlier one gets into the primal region, the faster the improvement.” Suo Dragon seemed to be exclaiming while speaking.

Luo Feng to glance at him, “If you work hard, you too will have the chance of making it into the primal region.”

“Haha…”

“Don’t laugh at me. For me to remain in the absolute beginning region in the next qualification battle is not bad already.” Suo Dragon shook his head, and his eyes were filled with helplessness. “If I drop to the Sky and Land region in the next qualification battle. Then, my position outside will drop too. What a headache!”

The domain lord core members, they were placed outside with authority and position!

According to Luo Feng’s way of thinking, they were placed as envoys in territories.

However…

Primal region members, absolute beginning, sky and land members, last phase members, their treatment outside was completely different. When the primal region members ventured outside, just their guard team had an undying leading the army! The position they are finally arranged for is also according to their rank!

If one was originally a primal region member but knocked back into the absolute beginning region.

Then the position would shift accordingly, even the undying general would be shifted away and a sector lord would take his place.

“This punk sure is unlucky.”

“When he went out as a envoy, he must have been quite powerful. However, with his chances of getting knocked into the Sky and land region…his position will definitely shift and his rank will drop.” Luo Feng laughed within. Regardless, he chatted for awhile with this guy, and came to know of some of the things the envoys frequently encountered outside.

After a while…

The undying teacher arrived and began his class, immediately the room went silent. Even if they wanted to discuss, they had to communicated mentally, they definitely didn’t dare disrupt the class.

…

There were a total of four universe level students, of which one of the two had a face full of silver scales, and the other had bronze colored skin, while his forehead with a single black horn.

“Ah Shi, look, this Luo Feng is listening quite seriously.” The silver scaled man communicated.

“Hm.”

The black horned man looked at the left corner in which Luo Feng was seated. “Mo Yi Lin, Ni Nan has told us to find a reason to challenge him and feel him out. How do you think we should do it? If we find trouble with him and he doesn’t care at all, and leaves the virtual universe, then we’d just look stupid.”

“Relax, I have a plan.” The silver scaled man squinted, like a venomous snake, “We’ll do this first…”

“It seems simple.” The black horned man frowned after listening.

“What else can we do, there’s no 100% guarantee plan.” The silver scaled man said.

“Alright, when the class ends, we’ll head over.” The horned man nodded.

After speaking to the class for awhile, under the gaze of the absolute geniuses, the Emperor undying vanished.

Luo Feng closed his eyes and tried to savor every bit of the lesson earlier before opening and seeing the two men before him. One of them had silver scales on his face and other was a sturdier looking man with a black horn on his head. Their similarity was that the two were universe level.

The two of them looked at Luo Feng.

“And you two are?” Luo Feng sat there looking at them.

“How do you do Luo Feng, I’m Mo Yi Lin.” The scaled man smiled.

“Luo Feng, I am Ah Shi.” The black horned man smiled. “We are both like you, universe level members, only we joined the Virtual Universe company earlier.”

“Is there something you two wish to say?” Luo Feng frowned.

Towards the universe level seniors, Luo Feng didn’t have much of a good impression. Because, as he chatted with Wuka the day before, Wuka had explained many things and even though he didn’t specifically point out anyone, there were only a total of 30 seniors, and Wuka had trouble with at least half of them.

“We know that you’ve passed the 7th level, respect.” The silver scaled man’s eyes gleamed. “I, Mo Yi Lin, love battles. Hence I’d like to have a go with you at the arena, just a friendly spar.”

“I too would like to spar with you.” The black horned man looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng frowned.

Battle?

If it was for training, he could easily simulate very powerful opponents in the training grounds. Battling people however was mostly just for seeing who was better or finding out his trump card.

When you know your enemy, that’s when one can stay invincible. “They probably have never fought with me, hence they don’t know my battle tactics and my trump cards. Even though there’s footage back from the genius battle, I was still very weak back then. I’m countless times stronger than back then. The footage back then doesn’t reflect my true strength, hence they came to challenge me.” Luo Feng understood immediately.

“Apologies, I have no interest.” Luo Feng stood to leave directly.

The black horned man and the silver scaled man exchanged glances, they knew they had to rely on their 2nd plan to challenge him.

“Haha, Luo Feng, you are the number one person in the new batch. I didn’t expect your guts to be that small.” The scaled man said.

“If you don’t even dare to accept our challenge, it looks like this new batch really has no hope.” The black horned man said.

“That stupid Wuka, he’s so much weaker but he still keeps challenging us. Luo Feng, you are strong, yet you don’t dare to do the same. This qualification battle, you newbies should just give up immediately.”

The groups of sector lords and domain lords in classroom 2 listening to the class before all turned over with interest. Most of them favored Luo Feng because he was indeed shocking. However that was only because their levels were different. They were sector lords and domain lords, they had no business messing with Luo Feng at this time, naturally they were indifferent.

“The two who are challenging really have no class.”

“No class at all. If it were me, I’d be too lazy to bother too.”

“Both of them are clowns.”

The sector lords and domain lords discussed, with some of the sector lords’ voices being extra loud. Immediately the expressions of the scaled man and the black horned man turned uglier.

Luo Feng however stopped in his footsteps.

This made the sector lords and domain lords shocked…was Luo Feng about to accept their challenge?

Was he so easy to provoke?

Luo Feng turned to look at the two of them.

“Hm?” The scaled man and black horned man discovered his gaze was hostile.

“Wuka battled you two?” Luo Feng looked at them.

“You mean that Manka prince?” The scaled man mocked. Besides, the black horned man too joined in, “That idiot, he battled us and was severely punished for it.”

“Congrats to you two.” Luo Feng said.

The scaled man and the black horned man were stunned.

Congrats?

“I didn’t wish to battle you two initially, because I didn’t wish to waste any time on you.” Luo Feng looked at the two, “However now, you’ve riled me up, I’ve decided…to accept that challenge this time.”


Chapter 551: Nan Shen Armament

The silver scaled man Mo Yi Lin and the black horned Ah Shi, they heard the rage from Luo Feng’s voice. Even though they were acting on Ni Nan’s orders to provoke and challenge him, they were still ultimately geniuses of humanity from over a trillion years. Otherwise, how would they have entered the absolute beginning region?

Geniuses were all proud!

Waste of time?

Battling them was a waste of time, this was said by a newbie that hadn’t entered the virtual universe for too long.

“Let’s go to the arena.” Luo Feng turned and walked out, seemingly wanting to end the battle quickly.

“Hmph.” Mo Yi Lin looked at his back and couldn’t help but snort coldly.

“Too arrogant.” Ah Shi squinted.

The two of them exchanged glances and followed Luo Feng out of classroom 2.

There were many sector lords and domain lords in classroom 2 that had paid attention to their conversation. Seeing how it had turned out, their eyes gleamed.

“Interesting.”

“The newbie is fighting the seniors.”

“However, usually it’s the seniors pressuring and attaining victory. This time, it’s hard to say.”

“When comparing Luo Feng against these two, Luo Feng should be stronger. However…if Luo Feng were to fight against the strongest of the seniors Ke Luo Fu, there’s no doubt Ke Luo Fu is stronger.”

“Let’s go take a look.”

“Who knows, the five geniuses of the seniors might show themselves too.”

The group of sector lords and domain lords all began to call their friends as they laughed and headed out. The most exceptional of the newbies, Luo Feng, heading to the arena, this was a very interesting thing.

There were only so many members in the absolute beginning region. Naturally the more famous of the universe level and domain lord level were known to all the sector lords.

The absolute beginning region had a vast space, andmany arenas were constructed about. These became the usual spot for the members to spar and battle, even wager and bet on the matches.

At this time, there were 10 people already gathered at the side of the arena. On it were two domain lords sparring. One of them was a 8m tall and sturdy black furred apeman, and another was a cold looking bald youth, and on his bald head there were even complex engravings.

In an instant he left over 10,000 images and the black furred apeman roared as he danced with his 10m long huge axe. The clashing between these two caused the space to shake, ripples shooting in all directions.

The ground around the arena became a mess.

“I’ve lost this time.” A cold voice resounded.

“Haha.” A thick and hoarse voice replied, almost resounding with an echo. The black furred apeman stared coldly at the bald youth, “In our 10 battles over these 100 years, you’ve already lost 7 times.”

The bald youth had shut his eyes, reflecting on the battle before.

Beside, the 10 spectators were either discussing or preparing to leave, some even challenging each other.

“Ah, look?”

“What’s going on there?”

“So many people?”

The 10 people, including the apeman and the bald youth in the arena all looked at the distant bustling crowd walking over. There were at least 60 to 70 of them! Luo Feng walked ahead and behind him was Mo Yi Lin and Ah Shi, and behind them were the large group of sector lords and some domain lords. This bustling group had indeed drawn quite the attention.

…

Luo Feng walked and surveyed the area, glancing at the 10 people in the distant arena, amongst them there were no universe level.

“Pick an arena,” Luo Feng said.

“You are the newbie, you choose.” Behind him the scaled youth Mo Yi Lin said coldly.

“Ok.”

Luo Feng stomped and became a beam of light flying into an arena 10km away. The scaled youth and the black horned youth too became beams of lights and followed. Simultaneously, the sector lords and domain lords all prepared to spectate the match, either getting in position or flying up, they all landed at the side of that arena.

“Go look.”

“So many people spectating, it shouldn’t be an ordinary match.” The 10 domain lords too flew up. Both the black furred apeman and the bald youth followed suit.

Luo Feng and the other two landed in the arena.

Luo Feng glanced at the distant arena. It was mostly filled with the sector lords and a few domain lords, there were only two universe levels. One of them was a senior and another was the green haired youth Jiang Mo. Jiang Mo smiled at Luo Feng and waved his fist and communicated, “Luo Feng, the seniors have always despised us newbies. You have to take revenge for us, and teach them a good lesson.”

“Naturally, I‘ll teach them a very good lesson.” Luo Feng replied and smiled.

At this time…

Three silhouettes descended from the skies and landed at the side of the arena to spectate. One was a silver armored youth, another with black skin and thick lips, and finally one with jade green eyes, sharp ears and a seductive figure, a lady. These three gathered to watch.

“They are all universe level, the middle one is one of the five strong seniors, Ni Nan.” Luo Feng swiftly thought of the information he learnt.

Since his teacher True Yan had warned him about the 30 universe level seniors and the 5 strongest, Luo Feng had collected information, especially on the 5, those 5 were… Ni Nan, Yu Feng, Ke Luo Fu, Ge and Sajin Fire dragon. The earliest to pass the 7th level was Ke Luo Fu, he passed over 2,000 years ago. The latest was Ge, over 300 years ago.

“Mo Yi Lin, teach this punk a lesson” That black skinned man roared.

“Ah Shi, don’t lose to this punk.” That seductive lady shouted too.

And the silver armored Ni Nan just watched silently.

“Relax.”

“Watch how I teach him.”

Mo Yi Lin and Ah Shi stared at Luo Feng. They had taken him to be a true enemy! Naturally it wasn’t that they didn’t have any chance of victory, because they had both passed the 6th level long ago, they were pretty close to passing the 7th! And…strength wasn’t simply based on comprehension of the laws.

One’s consciousness! Unleashing! Mental state! Experience!

All these determined the final victor. Mo Yi Lin and Ah Shi were confident in their experience and battle consciousness, they believed these exceeded Luo Feng’s.

“Luo Feng, you are too young, and have too much vigor. We’ll make you understand that you cannot underestimate any opponent.” Mo Yi Lin said. “The two of us are here in this arena, you pick either one of us to be your opponent.”

“I said before I don’t wish to waste time.” Luo Feng looked at the two and said, “Both of you get in here!”

“Together?”

Mo Yi Lin and Ah Shi were stunned.

The group of absolute geniuses in the absolute region spectating were all shocked too. To be able to enter this region, their strengths weren’t that different, and of the 30 seniors, only 5 had passed the 7th level and the other 25 had all passed the 6th…and even in the sky and land region there were 10 that had passed the 6th level.

What did that mean? It meant that the members in the absolute beginning area were all pretty close to each other in strength! It meant these 25 that passed the 6th level were very close to passing even the 7th!


“Mo Yi Lin, you two teach him a good lesson.”

“Teach that punk!” The group gathered below slowly grew in numbers. The two universe level members that had just arrived raged and shouted.

“This is getting interesting.”

“Even more interesting.”

…

In the arena.

Mo Yi Lin and Ah Shi exchanged glances and nodded. This was good too. If they fought 1v1 against Luo Feng, they didn’t have much guarantee. But now, since he wanted to fight both of them himself, their chances of victory together were much higher.

“You said it yourself.” Mo Yi Lin’s scales on his face gathered as he frowned, his expression was struggled.

“Make your move.” Ah Shi roared.

In the distance, Luo Feng floated into the sky and gazed down at the two universe level opponents. He was clear on how strong he was, and because of this…he didn’t even regard these two as adversaries. The only reason he chose to fight was to avenge his brother Wuka.

“Babata, record the footage of this battle for Wuka later.”

“You sure are flashy.”

While communicating with Babata, Luo Feng smiled and he triggered the dark golden long rod on his back.

“Rumble!”

Immediately countless little golden blades shot in all directions. These countless gold lights seemed to form a golden sun behind him, the 6,000 little golden blades seemed to instantly connect through the universe space and gold laws, changing the surrounding 100km into pure gold.

The area engulfed was vast, even the space below the arena was affected.

Arena? Grass? They all vanished.

Only a vast world filled with countless amounts of blade energy could be seen.

Nan shen Armament 6th level…own world, also known as Blade world!

“My god!”

“This is troublesome!”

Mo Yi Lin and Ah Shi, the two absolute geniuses immediately had a big change in their expressions, and their eyes filled with shock.

“This Luo Feng can actually unleash the 6th level?” The large group of sector lords and domain lords spectating were all shocked, this was truly shocking. If one came in with the thought of simply checking out the newbies with the crowd, at this time they were all left in disbelief.

Because the Nan Shen Armament was incredibly hard to train!

This was one of the 9 godly weapons!

The strongest gold and space weapon, it used the gold laws as the main and the space laws to support. And the 9 universe heavenly bridge was built for the comprehension of the space laws. Then, the heavenly bridge’s 7th level was a test of one’s comprehension of the space laws!

Luo Feng was able to unleash the 6th level, what did this mean?

It meant that not only was his space comprehension high, but his gold comprehension was even higher!

And there were many ways to pass the heavenly bridge. If the challenger was a controller, he could pick a controller, hypnotist or even fighter, either one.

Choosing hypnotist was easier because a spirit reader controller mostly emphasizes on soul defense, hence winning would be easier.

Picking fighter was the easiest. Because he could simply maintain his distance and use his spirit weapon to attack from far. The fighter was only be able to use instantaneous acceleration over and over to try and think of ways to get close.

Picking controller was the toughest! Because once that was picked, the controller would be exactly similar in terms of spirit weapon and attack etc!

Utilizing one’s strengths to attack the weakness!

However picking an identical controller, that was troublesome.

“He definitely picks controller to fight.”

“Definitely.”

“Otherwise passing the 7th level wouldn’t even require the blade world.”

…

In the arena, Mo Yi Lin and Ah Shi looked at the surrounding vast blade world, as countless blade energy were revolving, a formless world pressuring could be felt, and they felt despair.

“Why is he so strong?”

“And it’s the gold and space fusion’s strongest weapon?” The two were in a mess.

And the distant Luo Feng, the blade world’s energy condensed madly with countless blade energy finally forming a translucent dark gold blade. This blade glowed slightly, it was the strongest blade energy condensed from the blade world itself. Its power was unbelievable!

“Go!”

Luo Feng ordered softly.


Chapter 552: Rage

“Even if we lose, we cannot lose that badly. Ah Shi, give it all you’ve got!” Mo Yi Lin grit his teeth. The scales on his face were struggling and frowning, and in his hand he wielded a 50cm thick, 3m long huge silver white blade. On it were complex golden engravings, a silver white light energy flowed through it.

Ah Sh’s eyes were flushed red, while each hand was wielding a half moon blade.

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

The two of them moved simultaneously as Luo Feng gathered his blade energy.

Rumble!

Mo Yi Lin fiercely stomped on the arena and it shook slightly, he moved as quick as lightning. The winds howled around him and a visible high pressure ripple followed along, as he raised his huge silver white blade high and swung it at Luo Feng!

Sou! Sou! Sou! The black horned man Ah Shi wielded both half moon blades and their movements were extremely peculiar. Within an instant, 1,000 images appeared and they all formed a powerful battle array filled with countless cold flashes of blade aura that lit up.

In the distance.

Luo Feng floated in mid air and pointed ahead.

“Chi!”

An incredibly condensed blade energy took the form of a dark golden translucent blade, immediately tearing through the space ahead!

“I’ll first kill Mo Yi Lin.” Luo Feng looked at the distant Mo Yi Lin, simultaneously accelerating on the dark cloud shuttle and backing off.

“Arghh!”

Mo Yi Lin used both hands to wield the huge blade. He swung it and the surrounding air seemed to condense the space, simultaneously it clashed with the dark golden blade energy! He was very clear that the blade energy’s speed was extremely fast, and that he couldn’t dodge it. The only way was to forcefully deflect it!

“Rumble…” The dark golden blade energy was incredibly strong, causing Mo Yi Lin to completely move backwards. He stepped 10 steps back in the arena, and every step causing craters in the rock ground. Simultaneously cracks could be heard from his body, almost as though his bones had broken inside.

“Chi!” Mo Yi Lin spit out fresh blood.

“Gold, is sturdy like the sun, indeed its very strong.” Mo Yi Lin stood on the ground staring at Luo Feng. His main arm which was wielding the blade was already broken in 9 places. Luckily he mostly deflected most of the attack into his right arm, otherwise his body itself would be heavily injured.

Luo Feng became a beam of light in the distant sky, once again forming an incredibly condensed dark golden blade energy before him.

That blade swiveled on the spot, tearing through the space around it.

“Mo Yi Lin, go and die!” Luo Feng stared coldly at him.

“Bastard!”

The black horned Ah Shi roared, becoming a blurry silhouette and chasing after Luo Feng., Luo Feng however stood on his dark cloud shuttle and glanced coldly at him, “Slowly chase on!”

This Ah Shi, unleashing his movements, could produce up to 10,000 images.

Afterall, being able to produce 1,000 images under the pressure of blade world was incredible. It was a pity that with the pressure of blade world, he couldn’t keep up with Luo Feng at all.

The pains of a fighter!

Unless he was like the mosha clansman, who had extreme instantaneous acceleration, pity, against Luo Feng who’ve comprehended the 36 wonders of space and some comprehension of the Rainstorm, Luo Feng’s movements weren’t weaker than his. This created the situation in which he simply couldn’t catch him.

“Xiu!”

The dark golden blade energy tore through the space and shot at Mo Yi Lin.

“Ya!!!” Mo Yi Lin roared, feeling the pressure around him of the endless blade world. Every move he made was affected, he could only use about 70-80% of his power.

“Ya!”

His left hand wielded the huge blade, once again slashing as quick as lightning! However to actually hit the blade world blade energy controlled by Luo Feng was extremely hard. His injuries from before weren’t even healed yet, he could only risk it all and try. And now he was using only one arm, and this left arm wasn’t as proficient as his right arm, including the injuries from before…

Xiu!

The dark golden blade energy flashed and directly pierced through his forehead, leaving behind a hole there, from which, one could completely see through.

Just like a laser that had shot through.

“Ah!” Mo Yi Lin stared wide eyed, following which his body fell. Rumble…with a crash his entire body slumped onto the stone of the arena, causing it to shake and roll about.

Mo Yi Lin, failure!

…

“Luo Feng! Luo Feng! Well done, now kill the other punk!” A loud shout suddenly erupted from below. It was the Manka prince Wuka. He shouted excitedly, beside him was Rong Jun! Not just them two, even Qian Shui, Ai Chen, Lancelot and Ao Pa Te La had arrived.

The newbies of the absolute beginning universe level had all gathered, Jiang Mo had informed them all.

…

Flying about on the dark cloud shuttle above the arena, Luo Feng looked below and saw the whole group. He couldn’t help but smile and shout, “No problem, just a little dish!”

“Yayaya, bastard!!!” Behind him flashing about and constantly chasing, yet unable to catch up at all was the black horned Ah Shi, who roared with rage, “Luo Feng, if you have the guts don’t run!”

In terms of space comprehension, he was close to Luo Feng.

In quantity, he was definitely further ahead in space comprehension, in substance however, Luo Feng’s was more solid.

The two of them drew close!

However Luo Feng had the blade world to pressure him. Hence, how could he ever catch Luo Feng?

“What a joke, you want a controller to fight close combat with you?” While Luo Feng flew, he glanced back at Ah Shi and pointed, “Go!”

The endless blade world gathered before Luo Feng and a dark golden blade energy was formed.

It was extremely piercing!

Xiu!

The blade energy tore through the space and shot at Ah Shi.

“Hu…huh u hu…” Ah Shi madly waved the two half moon blades before him, his entire body becoming a blur.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

The blade energy dodged time and again, Luo Feng had no intention of matching force with him, and purely relied on its extreme speed! Shooting from different directions all around at Ah Shi, pressuring him! Just how fast was the blade energy? Every time Ah Shi waved his blades he felt as though he was dancing on knives!

“Chi!”

The blade energy shot from the side and pierced through Ah Shi’s ears and out the other! The blade energy had left nothing but a mess within his head between his ears!

“Ah…”

Ah Shi stared wide eyed, because of the inertia he moved a few km forward before rolling on the ground.

Ah Shi, failure!

…

“Haha, we’ve won, we’ve won, hahaha…” Wuka laughed loudly.

“Luo Feng, beautiful.” That handsome Lancelot smiled too.

“Well done!” Rong Jun waved his fist strongly, excited and thrilled.

Qian Shui, Jiang Mo, Ai Chen and Ao Pa Te La were all incredibly excited. They, the 8 newbies of the absolute beginning region had the lowest qualifications and power. Especially since the qualification battle was drawing close…Jiang Mo, Qian Shui and Wuka knew they were about to be kicked into the Sky and land region. Hence they were all under a lot of pressure.

This battle had helped ease that pressure and avenged them, and was very thrilling!

“Haha.” Luo Feng jumped down and landed beside Wuka and Rong Jun.

“Those two punks came to provoke me, and I just dealt with them for kicks. Wuka, were these two among those that bullied you?” Luo Feng smiled.

“Yes they were.” Wuka grit his teeth. “I’ve long wanted to teach them a good lesson, but my power wasn’t enough. Haha, Luo Feng, thanks for avenging me, haha, thrilling!”

While Luo Feng and the group were celebrating and dancing about. The universe level seniors, the 10 gathered there…

“Bastard.”

“We actually lost.”

Those 10 had ugly expressions. Because, over a hundred sector lords and some domain lords all witnessed the battle! And they lost 2v1 to a newbie. This was extremely shameful.

“This Luo Feng is indeed very strong.” The silver grey robed youth stared at the distant Luo Feng, “He is actually able to unleash blade world. And from the looks of it, for me to defeat him, I’d have to use my trump card too. However…this move was something I prepared for Ke Luo Fu!”

“Ni Nan, I heard Mo Yi Lin and Ah Shi, the two punks got defeated by a newbie?”

A thick voice resounded.

The silver armored youth turned, feeling as though a little mountain appeared behind him. This was a over 6m tall, fully black armored man, and his armor was sleeveless, while his neck was red, almost like a red metal!

His face was red and clear, and on his forehead were two curved red horns. There was a rhombus crystal embedded in the middle.

Behind him was a long dragon tail.

“This mad punk is here?” The silver robed youth thought, he said solemnly, “Yes fire dragon! Mo Yi Lin and Ah Shi, those two punks were indeed defeated by a newbie. That newbie is Luo Feng who just passed the 7th level. He’s extremely arrogant, he doesn’t respect us seniors at all. After accepting their challenge…he announced that he would face them 1v2! But no one would have expected him to actually still win.”

“Look at how arrogant those 8 new people are.” The silver robed youth shook his head and looked at the newbies.

Over there.

Luo Feng and the 8 were extremely happy, Wuka roared from the side, “You seniors have trained for how many thousands of years, arrogant for nothing. Losing 2v1, haha…I feel ashamed for you!”

“Wuka!”

“What are you bragging about.” Immediately a group of seniors raged.

“Bastard!” The dragon tailed mountain of a man roared.

Rumble!

He immediately became a red beam of light and smashed into the arena like a meteorite, causing the arena to shake. This tall dragon tailed man extended his palm leaf like hand and pointed at Luo Feng below, “Luo Feng, get up here, I’ll teach you a good lesson. You can only use that blade world, yet how dare you. What gives you the right to be so cocky!”

His voice rumbled and resounded throughout.

Luo Feng who was laughing and chatting below was stunned as he looked up, his expression changed, “It’s him?”

Sa Jin Fire dragon, one of the pinnacle races of humanity the Flame Mother race. He was one of the 5 great warriors of the universe level in the absolute beginning region. He trained in the extremely expensive and absolute Black Hole Evolution comparable to the Time Space Scribbles. 1,500 years ago he had passed the 7th level!


Chapter 553: Black Hole Evolution

As he had checked on the 30 seniors much earlier, he was very clear about their skills, since he had information about them, especially on the 5 great warriors.

The top 5 of the universe level, Ni Nan, Ke Luo Fu, Yu Feng, Ge and Sa Jin Fire dragon. The strongest and hardest to deal with was without doubt Ke Luo Fu, and most shocking would be the chemist Yu Feng. These 2 were the most terrifying of the 5! Even Luo Feng knew within that at this point he was far from being their match.

Ke Luo Fu, courageous and intrepid.

Yu Feng walked the path of the chemist, which was a rare oddity. However, once he succeeded, he would be extremely terrifying. Even Ke Luo Fu would lose to him.

The other 3…Ni Nan, Sa Jin Fire dragon and Ge were closer in strength. Ge, even though he was the latest to pass the 7th level, his battle ability was terrifying.

“Sa Jin Fire dragon?”Luo Feng looked up at the man with the dragon tail, frowning, “Must I actually fight him now?”

The original plan.

Was that, after passing the 7th level, he would go take on missions and train well during the 6 years. Settling Mo Yi Lin and Ah Shi was just a convenience earlier. He had never thought of them as threats. However it was completely different with Fire Dragon.

…

In the arena.

Fire dragon waved his tail, slapping the sides of the arena stones, and staring down angrily, “Luo Feng, get up! Do you not dare come up?”

“Get up.”

“Luo Feng if you have the guts go up.” The universe level seniors all shouted together. ” Mo Yi Lin is weaker than you so you dare to bully him. Meeting Sa Jin… you are so terrified you don’t dare to get up?”

The spectators below were mostly made of sector lords. In reality, they were all in dangerous secret areas exploring, going through life of death training. Training over and over, their mental states were extremely nervous. Occasionally watching the younger universe levels spar was interesting. What’s more it was the geniuses among the geniuses fighting!

“Sa Jin vs Luo Feng?”

“Interesting, if they really fight, who do you think would win?”

Three sector lords in black armor discussed.

“That Sa Jin Fire dragon, he trains the most pinnacle manual, the Black Hole evolution. Even though with his points he could only exchange for the 1st few manuals. However just those are enough for him to unleash his full strength. Beating Luo Feng shouldn’t be a problem.

“I’m favoring Sa Jin too.”

“Haha, everyone is thinking the same thing. I’m favoring Sa Jin too. When I saw him battle Ke Luo Fu before, this Sa Jin was indeed of the battle race Flame mother, his strength was incredible. Unless Luo Feng can make his blade world reach the omnipresent level, he can’t win.”

…

The sector lords of the absolute beginning region were all sector lord level 9 pinnacles.

Sector lords capable of entering the last phase region were all usually recognized by the laws. And the absolute beginning sector lords…anyone of them was an absolute being in the universe, stronger than black dragon mountain’s Jiang Tian Chen by many times. Just how critical were their judgement on this battle?

They clearly saw both Luo Feng and Sa Jin’s strengths.

The sector lords and domain lords watched with anticipation, the distant seniors too were challenging, in the arena, Sa Jin’s eyes were gleaming, looking down on Luo Feng

“Will you go or not?” Wuka looked at Luo Feng.

“Even you don’t have any guarantee, from what I see. That Sa Jin seems to want to teach you a good lesson, you cannot let it happen.” The green haired youth Jiang Mo said soflty, “And Sa Jin had passed the 7th level more than 1,000 years ago. Even if you back out now it wouldn’t be a disgrace.”

“Will you go or not?” Rong Jun asked softly too.

Around him, Ao Pa Te La, the gentle and beautiful Qian Shui and Ai Chen, the handsome Lancelot, all looked at Luo Feng.

The 8 of them were of the same faction, the newbie faction.

Their honor and shame were as 1!

“I was originally waiting for the qualification battles to show my trump card. Looks like I have to use it now instead.” Luo Feng looked at the man with the dragon tail, and at the surrounding newbies around him looking at him with hope, he made a decision. For everybody…this battle!

He had to win!

Rumble!

Luo Feng became a beam of light like a shooting star and landed in the distant arena.

“Haha!”

“Good!”

“Luo Feng, you’ve got guts.”

“Nice.”

“Work hard, I favor you.”

The group of sector lords and domain lords all shouted loudly, hoping for the battle to be exciting. In their hearts they regarded him as the same level as them, because they could easily see that his improvement speed would eventually make him have a very high possibility of entering the primal region eventually.

…

In the arena.

Luo Feng and Sa Jin were a few km apart, staring at each other. They could see each other clearly, even the perspiration beads on each other’s face could be seen.

“You’ve got guts!” Sa Jin’s voice was strong and firm.

“Cut the chatter and make your move.” Luo Feng said. When the distant Sa Jin heard this, he immediately smiled, “You sure are an arrogant punk. However, I’ll wake you up!”

Shua!

The dark cloud shuttle appeared below Luo Feng’s feet, simultaneously the dark golden long rod on his back shot out 10 million gold lights. The little golden blades shot in all directions, the engravings weaved through tens of millions of golden threads. The countless threads connected with the land and skies, immediately forming a 100km area.

The space was vast, countless blade energy revolved.

Blade world!

“Haha…interesting, somewhat interesting!” Sa Jin stood in the arena. He raised his head and laughed, simultaneously red flames shot out from around him. The burning flames engulfed his body, at the same time, it clashed and blocked the blade energy.

He was like a flame god.

“What a powerful fire domain. It’s incomparably condensed and able to block my blade world’s pressure.” Luo Feng thought and the dark cloud shuttle floated in mid air, simultaneously swiftly forming an incomparably condensed gold blade energy

A translucent dark gold blade was formed.

“Go!” Luo Feng pointed ahead.

Xiu!

The dark gold blade energy immediately pierced forward.

“Kaka!” Sa Jin was wearing black armor all over. At this time, huge gloves appeared on his hands, it was made of a completely black metal. The joints of the finger regions were sharp like knives.

“Rumble!”

Sa Jin, against the lightning fast dark gold blade energy, punched heavily forward!

His fists were like arrows!

His bare arms and thick neck muscles shook slightly, as obviously he had poured all his power into that one punch. A simple punch, however the power was explosive. If he went to the Undying Altar, Sa Jin could at least reach 90 times his explosive force.

“Peng!” The dark gold blade energy dispersed and Sa Jin took a heavy step back. His heavy boots stomping on the arena caused countless amounts of rubble to fly.

This scene made Luo Feng’s expression change, “He blocked it like that?”

“He’s actually able to make me step back.” Sa Jin looked at Luo Feng and forced a smile, “The Nan Shen Armament is indeed one of the 9 godly weapons!”

Rumble!

Sa Jin strided and he rushed right before Luo Feng, Luo Feng retreated quickly.

“So fast! Under the blade world’s pressure his instantaneous speed is still so fast.” Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle and immediately dodged.

Rumble!

Immediately over 10,000 images appeared in the space around him, these countless images flashed.

10,000 thread movement, the 4th level, 10,000 thread movement!

After comprehending the 36th wonder and through the 3rd manual of time space scribbles along with the rainstorm picture, after half a year…Luo Feng was able to unleash the 10,000 thread movement! Especially with the blade world and its assistance, it was even easier. Usually when he unleashed 10,000 images, it was purely for speed

However the 10,000 thread movement was able to effectively make the 10,000 images combine and work together, making him like a ghost, who was hard to guard against.

“10,000 thread movement?”

“I hate these kind of techniques that’s only for fleeing.” Sa Jin’s eyes seemed to be burning.

“Haha, a controller would naturally not fight close combat with a fighter.” Over 10,000 Luo Feng’s were laughing simultaneously, also the gold threads once again condensed and shot forward.

Xiu!

The golden blade energy was just like a playing child, over and over circling Sa Jin, and not going straight up against him.

“Bastard!” Sa Jin raged. He loosened his grip on the gloves and struggled as he once again gripped tight.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

7 images!

7 Sa Jins, and every one of them were using some fist technique. From the left to right, every one of their gloves glowed brighter and brighter, especially the 7th image. The dark red light was at least 30 cm thick, making the fist look like a huge hammer!

“Rumble…”

Sa Jin punched a fist into mid air. The land and skies shook with a rumble, and half of the blade world collapsed. Only the region around Luo Feng was maintained.

Luo Feng’s expression changed, “This is the 9 fists?”

The black hole evolution was comparable to time space scribbles. They were considered same level manuals, as long as one reached a high level in these two, they could become universe country leaders. Luo Feng had heard that when the black hole evolution was trained to its peak, whether it was a fist, blade or sword, every thought could produce a black hole.

Black hole, this was an extremely terrifying celestial body!

It wasn’t a true hole.

But a celestial body formed from countless collapses and condensation into one body! In terms of density, the White dwarf star was very high, but the Zhongzi star was more terrifying. However, nothing was able to compare to a black hole.

The black hole was an extremely small but condensed entity. Its density was even more terrifying than 10 planets, its strength and gravity was absurd!

Gravity, tearing through space!

Accurately speaking, the black hole was between the primal universe and the messy flow of space feeling. Because of its high density, mass and gravity, even the space flow couldn’t affect it. Hence, it was like a boulder rooted and unmoving. It swallowed all light, ships, stars and planets into itself.

Even great undyings, if they were to be sucked in, they would also die!

The 9 fists was one of the final moves in the black hole evolution manual, and its reputation was well known.


Chapter 554: Gamble

At this time, there were two silhouettes walking in space above the clouds, where the absolute beginning region was in Yu Xiang mountain.

Yu Xiang mountain was where the core geniuses of the Virtual Universe company gathered.

Thunder island was where the undyings of the Virtual Universe company and the absolute warriors gathered.

Meaning, that Yu Xiang mountain and Thunder island, the space in which they were located was in truth the headquarters! The number of warriors gathered was even more than in reality. Under normal circumstances, Luo Feng and the rest had no way to fly that high.

They were unable to fly out of Yu Xiang mountain to Thunder island.

They couldn’t fly too far away from Yu Xiang mountain either, just like an invisible barrier that covered the entire area! Same theory. Thunder island, which was the gathering place for countless undyings and stronger beings, had a formless barrier too. Those beings couldn’t fly too far from Thunder island!

Hence…

To be able to leave Yu Xiang mountain and Thunder island and fly within this space above, these were definitely the true upper echelons and powerful beings.

There were two people walking slowly in the space. One of them was almost 8m tall, and was dressed in silver armor, baring his arms and neck. As for his face, it was dark red in color, and there was a rhombus crystal embedded between his eyes. He too had a thick strong tail, and his deep eyes look almost like stars burning.

From one look, one could tell that this being was a Mother Flame race person.

And the other was only 2m tall, skinny and dressed in a peculiar black armor, and on it were countless silver engravings. In the middle of his forehead he had a 3rd eye…a vertical eye. That eye seemed to be a place where a golden blade was gathered at, giving off the feeling as though his gaze was like knives shooting out.

“Hahaha! Mother Flame, look below. One of the two punks below is your descendant.” The 3 eyed man gazed below. Through 10,000 km of space, he clearly saw the two, who were preparing to battle.

Mother Flame?

The ancient Mother Flame race, only one person was worthy of the name Mother Flame, that was the 1st mother flame race person born within the vast universe! He was the first, after mating with other races, through countless years, the race was established.

He was the only ancestor head of the clan for over a trillion years, and was also the Flame crystal universe country leader!

“He’s called Sa Jin. He is a genius from the fire dragon side.” Mother Flam gazed below and smiled.

“Mother flame, who do you think will win below?” The 3 eyed man laughed lightly.

“Of course Sa Jin!” Mother Flame laughed confidently. He then looked at the 3 eyed man beside and said, “Why, Mang Ya, you don’t agree?”

The 3 eyed man smiled, “I bet that his opponent wins. If I win, you have to give me that dagger of yours, how about it?”

“Dream on!” Mother Flame stared.

“Fine, not your dagger then. But if I win, you’ll have to give me that golden horn world stone instead. How about that?” The 3 eyed man said.

Mother flame glanced and smiled, “That’s fine. But, if I win instead, you’ll have to give me the Purple Thunder glass.”

“Ok!” The 3 eyed man replied.

“Haha…then get ready to give that exquisite glass to me.” Mother flame said.

“You get ready to give me that stone too. A golden horned beast can only gather enough to make one such stone in its life. With that, my disciple’s weapon’s main material would be acquired.” The 3 eyed man smiled.

The two of them smiled, while gazing below.

The purple thunder glass and the golden horn world stone, those were mysterious items formed in the universe.

The golden horn world stone, only the pinnacle of the 12 space beasts, the golden horned beast could produce it. And it could only produce one in its entire life. As the numbers of the beast were extremely low in the universe, this stone was extremely rare and valuable.

As for the purple thunder glass, in the universe, only the bug clan region’s terrifying Thunder shrine produced it. This thunder shrine, countless years ago had a peculiar clan that lived in it, even that clan had yet to fully explore the secret region.

Later on, that clan was destroyed by the automaton race!

The thunder shrine then became a strongly reputed secret region, causing trillions of races in the vast universe to head over and explore it. The undyings of the humans too went over. The thunder glass was a more important and valuable material.

“Hehe, 10,000 thread movement.” The 3 eyed man nodded and smiled.

“Haha, 9 fists! He’s bound to win.” Mother flame smiled too.

The two of them continued to gaze below.

…

Yu Xiang mountain absolute beginning region, in that arena, Luo Feng and Sa Jin’s fight had already reached the craziest level.

“Rumble…”

Sa Jin’s one punch immediately caused the surround space to crumble. His eyes were staring straight at Luo Feng, “Punk, you are bound to lose!”

Sou!

Sa Jin’s speed exploded and his movement became peculiar and hard to predict. It was almost as though in an instant there were two Sa Jin’s rushing over, and yet it also felt like there was only one.

“His 9 fists already warps the space itself, and his silhouette and image seems real to the naked eye.” Luo Feng’s expression changed. Stepping on the dark cloud shuttle, he unleashed the 10,000 thread movement and dodged. He simultaneously controlled the blade world, and with only half of the world left to extend, he borrowed the blade world’s energy and locked onto his target!

“It’s no use!”

Sa Jin roared and instantly reached before Luo Feng.

Rumble!

That 30cm thick, red light huge fist was like two dark red hammers. There were flames surrounding the fists. It was fast like lightning, leaving a streak of flames and hitting Luo Feng’s body. Chi! Luo Feng became a blur and dispersed.

“So fast.” A few km away, Luo Feng stared at Sa Jin on the dark cloud shuttle. Once again a thread of condensed golden blade energy appeared before him!

“Go!”

The dark golden blade energy tore through the space forward.

Luo Feng didn’t control the blade energy to match force with force. but rather, he used it to attack from peculiar angles, affecting Sa Jin’s speed.

“Roar!” Sa Jin was frustrated as he was stuck. With a roar, the flames around him condensed and simultaneously a dark red light formed around his bones and skin all over. He resembled a person wearing a dark golden light armor, simultaneously his right fist became a blur.

Peng!

It was extremely fast, as it knocked against the blade energy.

“It’s speed is so much faster than before?” The distant Luo Feng’s expression changed.

“I was prepared to use this against Ke Luo Fu. However today I’ll let you try it out!” Sa Jin’s speed exploded and he rushed towards Luo Feng.

Sou! Sou!

His movement was fast like lightning. Luo Feng was getting fatigued just from dodging, it was risky.

…

“Black Hole evolution’s Flame Crystal 9 bodies? This Sa Jin has actually completed one of the levels?” The grey robed Ni Nan below the arena changed his expression, “It’ll be very hard for me to beat him.”

Flame crystal 9 bodies, was one of the other techniques within Black hole evolution.

In terms of power, the 9 fists was stronger.

The flame crystal 9 bodies, once completed, one’s entire body will have an armor like layer. Also, it wasn’t only for defense, it would amplify the warrior’s speed and attack as well, it was a very powerful technique. However, simply starting this was very hard. That Sa Jin was from the Mother Flame race, hence he was naturally suited for this. With high talents and a good teacher, after training hard for thousands of years, he finally had some progress.

…

“Luo Feng is in trouble now.” Rong Jun’s expression changed.

“That block head is moving too fast.” Wuka stared wide eyed too.

The group of newbies.

And the universe level seniors, including the sector lords and domain lords were all shocked. Not just power, but level wise…this Sa Jin could be considered among the middle and top even amongst the domain lord level geniuses.

“This Luo Feng is about to lose.”

“Hm, no shame in this loss.”

He was overpowered.

Luo Feng was indeed being overpowered. Sa Jin who had unleashed the flame crystal 9 bodies, was a strange being after all. His fists speed could already keep up with the blade energy speed, and his body movement could catch up to Luo Feng on the dark cloud shuttle. After two attempts, during the 3rd time, his fists hit Luo Feng’s 6 edged shield.

Rumble…

The shield was knocked away and Luo Feng fell hard on the arena ground, leaving a crater on the surface.

“You actually didn’t die? Your usage of the shield is just as good as a strong fighter’s.” Sa Jin smiled, “However, it’s useless!”

Strong fighter?

Shield and blade, these were what the Mosha clansman had trained in the Illusionary techniques for many years. It used the blade well, naturally the shield defense was just as strong.

“Rumble!” Sa Jin rushed over again.

Luo Feng who was on the ground looked up fiercely, staring at Sa Jin, he roared, “Go and die!!!”

Weng…

The blade world fiercely rose in all directions, and a condensed gold blade energy gathered before him. Sa Jin still rushed over without a care, but suddenly, he revealed a look of shock…

“Rumble!”

A terrifying consciousness pressure descended on him, smashing against Sa Jin’s consciousness!

One of Luo Feng’s trump cards…Consciousness pressure!

The golden horned beast was already domain lord level 9. This domain lord level 9 beast, just in terms of consciousness strength… was comparable to a human sector lord level 3’s pressure!

Back when Luo Feng was in blood river world.

The domain lord pinnacle consciousness pressure was enough to cause a star level’s soul to instantly crumble, with a glance, he would die!

And right now, Sa Jin had encountered a sector lord level 3 pressure. Even though that Sa Jin had a good bloodline and high talents, and had many miraculous encounters, in terms of consciousness strength he was at most a domain lord level 1 or 2.

There was one huge level gap!

Even if he didn’t die, he would still be thrown off balance for a while, losing all resistance!

This ability was very powerful. While exploring Blood River world, Luo Feng used this often. However, when he attempted the heavenly bridge level 7, he never used it at all. Because…the heavenly bridge was a test of one’s comprehension of the laws. Using the consciousness pressure would be akin to somewhat cheating, and Luo Feng was afraid the Virtual Universe system would immediately be on alert. Hence, he never used it before in the heavenly bridge.

However, during a 1v1?

He could still use it!

“Rumble!” Sa Jin instantly spaced out, and his eyes were lifeless.

Chi!

The dark golden blade energy shot through his eyes and pierced his head! As it pierced through, his eyes seemed to gleam a little, as though he had regained consciousness. However, it was too late…

Rumble…

Sa Jin fell on the floor, smashing into the arena.

“Return!” Luo Feng stood up. The countless little golden blades in the sky around all flew back into the dark golden long rod.

Victory!


Chapter 555: Arrival

High above the misty Yu Xiang Mountain, there stood two men gazing down with different expressions.

“Haha, Mother Flame, thanks for you golden horn world stone. My disciple’s weapon finally has its material.” The 3 eyed man smiled, simultaneously glancing over, checking his expression.

“That punk actually won?” Mother flame gazed below and frowned. “What strong consciousness pressure.”

“Don’t change the subject!” The 3 eyed man smiled. “Are you trying to get away with it?”

“Relax, I’ll definitely give you the stone.” Mother flame felt his loss. This wasn’t a commonly seen metal in the universe, like the Hybrid copper essence. Even though it was an extremely expensive metal, however with the Yun Mo Master Hu Yan Bo’s ability he could still acquire a large enough amount to build a ship!

And the golden horned world stone? One golden horned beast could only produce one. If a beast died prematurely, then it wouldn’t even have had a chance to produce the stone.

Even with all the stones in the universe added together, a ship couldn’t be built.

Compared to the hybrid copper essence, it was like diamond versus soil.

“I can’t understand why that punk’s consciousness pressure is so strong.” Mother flame said.

“He was born with great brain size, or some miraculous encounters, causing his soul to evolve.” The 3 eyed man smiled. “Anyway, in the vast universe, there are a lot of mysteries. There’s still much even we don’t know! Encountering something that evolves one’s soul and consciousness strength. Even though it’s rare, there’s still such things.”

Mother flame shook his head, staring at the 3 eyed man, “You’ve earned quite a bit.”

“Haha, don’t blame me. Blame that little genius from your clan. His willpower is very average, if he was strong enough, he would have been able to remain conscious.” The 3 eyed man smiled.

Mother flame was shocked, nodding, “Hm, his willpower is average.”

The consciousness was the countless soldiers, whereas willpower was considered the general!

When Luo Feng attempted fantasy ocean, knocking through each island, he would feel the consciousness pressure!

At the 9th island, even many sector lord pinnacles couldn’t pass it.

The 9th island’s consciousness pressure was stronger than even a sector lord pinnacle! In between the sector lord pinnacle and undying.

And when Luo Feng attempted it before, his consciousness was only at the domain lord pinnacle level.

A whole level gap!

He forcefully dealt with it!

Keeping his calm and passing it. And when he reached the 10th island, as that was a pressure on the level of an undying, it completely crumbled his consciousness. Hence, he had failed at this level! A sector lord to undying was a huge evolution of the soul, hence the pressure increase from universe level to domain lord and sector lord wasn’t as terrifying.

Sector lord to undying.

There was an absolute increase in consciousness pressure!

Hence, at the 10th island, Luo Feng’s consciousness was simply destroyed!

Luo Feng’s willpower was already very terrifying, and his consciousness was incomparably sturdy, like a crystal.

It could withstand anything!

When it comes to retaining consciousness, unless it was simply too much of a difference, it would just break.

Either the consciousness would prevail strong, or it would just break. There were only two outcomes!

And those without strong willpower, simply getting shouted at would stun them!

Stun!

This was a state where they were semi conscious and blanked out.

That Sa Jin, under Luo Feng’s consciousness pressure attack was stunned for an instant. If his willpower was as solid as Luo Feng’s, he would have at most felt a little dizzy, but still would have been able to maintain his consciousness.

Absolute beginning region, the area below the arena was silent. Close to 300 people had already gathered there. This was about one quarter of the members in the entire region!

“How can that be?”

“He lost?”

“Sa Jin unleashed the 9 fists and flame crystal 9 bodies. Yet, he still lost?”

“What happened at that last moment? That Luo Feng, did he use some spirit attack?” The group of sector lords were shocked, as most of them had thought that Sa Jin would win. However, the final outcome was quite a surprise. Even with their abilities, they weren’t able to see what actually happened.

“Lost?”

“We’ve lost?”

“Sa Jin, he lost…”

The seniors of the universe level were all completely stunned. They looked dejected at the black haired youth, they too were geniuses in the absolute beginning region! They too were picked from the genius battles, picked from a battle of the strong, and the final group nurtured from the 1,008 universe countries.

Who wasn’t a genius?

And these were geniuses that had been training for very long! And yet today, against a group of newbies that had just joined the Virtual Universe company who had yet to participate in their first qualification battle, they lost.

“Ni Nan.”

Mo Yi Lin and Ah Shi who were defeated earlier stood beside the grey armored Ni Nan, “What, what happened?”

“How could we lose?” Ni Nan stared at Luo Feng in the arena. “Sa Jin that punk, even I have no guarantee against him. I can only hope to risk it all and battle. However…in that final moment, he was still defeated. Just what happened?”

“Just what happened?” Ni Nan was worried within.

Because, Luo Feng would be his obstacle in the qualification battle.

“Sa Jin’s final defeat, I might meet the same end.” Ni Nan frowned and was pondering hard. “At that final moment, what happened?”

…

Luo Feng carried his dark golden long rod and headed down from the arena.

“Haha, Luo Feng, beautiful!” Wuka jumped and cheered loudly.

“Impressive.” Rong Jun smiled and waved his fists.

“Luo Feng, your final roar, “Go and die” was very thrilling.” The handsome Lancelot laughed and shouted too. Jiang Mo and Qian Shui and his sister shouted excitedly as well. The gentle and calm Ai Chen was all smiles too, and Ao Pa Te La laughed stupidly there.

Luo Feng smiled and walked to the side of the arena, and jumped down.

“Luo Feng!” A roar could be heard from behind.

Luo Feng turned.

In the distance, a silhouette descended from the arena, it was Sa Jin. The tall and sturdy Mother flame race was filled with shame and rage. The moment his consciousness returned to reality, he immediately jumped back into the virtual universe and flew over from his villa.

“What happened before?” Sa Jin stared at Luo Feng.

He didn’t understand.

For someone who was at the same universe level 9, how could the consciousness pressure difference be that huge?

“Don’t ask me, I can only say your willpower is too weak.” Luo Feng looked at Sa Jin and communicated mentally, “Go and train your willpower well.”

Sturdy willpower.

Even if one’s consciousness was pressured, as long as the difference wasn’t too huge, one could still maintain consciousness.

“You…” Sa Jin pointed at Luo Feng, speechless.

“I hope the next time I see you, you’ll be stronger. Otherwise…the slot of the primal region doesn’t have your place.” Luo Feng finished and jumped down. He landed beside Wuka and Rong Jun and the rest of them, laughing as he said, “Let’s go back.”

“Wuka, don’t fight with me. I’m treating today!” The genius Jiang Mo from the Ao Gu Si planet shouted.

This batch of newbies, in terms of wealth.

Wuka, Jiang Mo and Qian Shui were all pretty wealthy. As for Luo Feng and Rong Jun and the rest, they were far worse. Afterall their families were not extremely wealthy.

“I don’t care who’s treating.” Luo Feng smiled.

“As long as there’s something to eat.” Rong Jun smiled.

“Viciously take his money.” Wuka shouted.

The group of newbies laughed and left.

…

Over 200 sector lords and domain lords were still discussing below the arena. Even though they were shocked, they slowly returned to their groups and left. Obviously this battle had made them all strongly remember the name Luo Feng.

…

Below the arena, only the universe level seniors still lingered

“Sa Jin, how could you lose?”

“What happened?” Many people close to Sa Jin walked over.

“Sa Jin?” Ni Nan walked over too.

Sa Jin snorted, gazing at the group and staring at Ni Nan, “Ni Nan, you have to be careful too. Otherwise, you’ll lose to him too at this qualification battle.”

After which, Sa Jin turned and left.

“That punk!” The silver armored youth Ni Nan stared at the huge back of Sa Jin, his gaze gloomy, “He actually didn’t share anything.”

…

Sa Jin rushed into the sky, smiling coldly, “Ni Nan, do you think I am that stupid? Telling you that Luo Feng’s move? Wouldn’t I be helping you prepare then. If you all lose, I’ll have more hopes of entering the primal region. It’s good I lost this match, at least I’ll be prepared for the qualification battle.”

“Hm, looks like I have to frequently visit fantasy ocean to train my willpower.”

“With weak willpower, I won’t be able to withstand that consciousness pressure.” Sa Jin decided.

This battle quickly grew widespread. Even the undisputed king of the absolute beginning universe level Ke Luo Fu and the terrifying Chemist Yu Feng heard of it. After which many seniors continued to challenge Luo Feng…however he didn’t even respond. Because he had begun to his training mission!

According to the plan, after passing the 7th level he was to begin his training!

…

Absolute beginning region, Dragon tower planet.

This was an ancient and enormous planet. A disguised automaton ship entered the atmosphere of the planet, after which a silhouette kept the ship and flew 100km, landing in the vast forests below.

This was none other than Luo Feng.

His upper half was covered in the dark red armor, an armor made by the cloud contact vine. Above it was another layer of alluring colors. His arms were covered in two alluring colored guards. His legs too had the same armor, formed from alloys, its flexibility and defense were both very high. His arm guards were embedded with a screen within, and on it, large amounts of words were displayed. It was information pertaining to his surroundings.

He carried the dark golden long rod on his back.

“It was really uncomfortable in Blood River world not being able to use many weapons and technology. In this Dragon tower world however, I can use anything.” Luo Feng glanced around. “However the danger level here is very high too.”

Universe level soldier Luo Feng had arrived in Dragon tower planet.

He thus began his training mission journey…


Chapter 556: Intrepid Luo Feng

Dragon Tower planet, an ancient planet produced in the absolute beginning region.

If it were in a regular star field, these sort of enormous planet wouldn’t even exist. However with the secret region’s incomparably thick universe energies production, a separate path is opened in the universe secret region, with many special celestial bodies and life.

“Gravity, 10,812 times that of earth?

“The air, 98% nitrogen?”

The fully armored Luo Feng walked within the vast forest, the screen on his left arm showing him specific details.

He gazed about, while his ears started moving.

“There’s something there!”

Shua!

His boots gently stepped on the rotted branches and leaves below. In an instant he vanished to 100km away. He squatted on an ancient tree’s branch that was at least 30m thick. A mix of green and yellow color could be seen around the bent neck of the tree. He gazed at the enormous thing that was 10km away.

With his vision, this huge dragon 10km away was clearly seen by him. Even the scales were clearly visible.

At 1,200m tall, its body length was at least 1,600m. With a 100m short tail, it’s entire body seemed to be covered in purple stone like scales. Its head was huge, especially its blood colored mouth, which seemed to be extremely hideous., A single gulp would be able to finish off an entire river.

It’s 4 hooves were strong. Hence, it’s ability to run was unbelievable.

It, was the leader within the surrounding 10,000 km. This T-rex type…rock dragon, it had high offensive abilities.

The black blur of dragons with wings 100m wide, which were flying above were roaring.

“Sou!”

The rock dragon rushed forward fiercely, leaving a trail of images in the distance. As it ran it suddenly opened its mouth and a blood colored light flashed, hitting one of the winged dragons and causing them to scatter as they roared.

And the dragon which was hit by the light, madly struggled. However it was dragged into its mouth following that blood colored light. Ka cha ka cha…that 100m long dragon was eaten cleanly.

“Ang…” The rock dragon roared happily after finishing.

In the distant forest.

Luo Feng stood on the branch and looked at his arm wrist band, and on it the data was clearly shown. “Rock dragon (Mature) : Universe level 9 pinnacle. One of the targets!”

Shua!

The screen changed to complex pictures. On it were many different types of dragons. Without a doubt, all of the targets were all universe level 9 pinnacle.

The mission on Dragon tower planet was Dragon hunting.

The mission was to kill all of these targets and acquire a certain material from each of them to present. After killing all of them… when one returned, they would be awarded 10,000 points!

The mission seemed simple enough. To kill one, it was indeed easy.

However there were still hidden dangers within.

There weren’t simply these weak dragons alone on Dragon tower planet (To Luo Feng this level of warriors, universe level 9s were indeed weak), there were many other domain lords and even sector lord level dragon races! The moment a sector lord pinnacle dragon race was disturbed, even the automaton ship’s star annihilator cannon could fire one shot after storing for awhile!

And within the planet were countless dragons.

If he was surrounded…

Even if he was sitting in the ship, he wouldn’t be able to escape!

“Rock dragon?” Luo Feng nodded, “The 1st one!”

Sou!

He became a blur and vanished.

10km away, the rock dragon that had just eaten fully within the forest was roaring and gazing about proudly. It had the right to be proud! Because, during the growth period of the dragons, almost 90% of them are eaten or killed during the infancy period. Very few actually manage to live through and reach maturity!

On Dragon Tower planet, the matured dragons, the weakest were at least universe level.

Any one of them could control a territory. Of course, the territories differed in sizes.

“Go!”

Luo Feng appeared in mid air and the gold light around him formed a 3m long dark golden long blade.

Nan Shen Armament’s 5th level…Space Slicer!

Xiu!

“Ang…” That huge head of the rock dragon slightly turned and saw the little dot in mid air staring at it. It just let out a dissatisfied roar, when a gold light shot over. It wanted to turn and doge, but felt the formless space pressure entangling it.

It became slightly slower.

Chi!

The gold light shot through the head of the dragon, chi chi chi…it madly slashed about.

After which, the gold light flew out of the head and returned to Luo Feng.

Those huge eyes of the rock dragon stared wide eyed at the little dot. It didn’t seem to know just what terrifying life form that dot was, after which…its consciousness was destroyed.

“Rumble…”

The huge body of the rock dragon crashed onto the ground, causing the ground to shake quite a bit.

Sou.

Luo Feng landed on the body, and his boots stepped on the purple stone scales. He looked around and felt like he was on a mountain.

“Collecting the scales on its chest.” Luo Feng flashed and appeared on the chest of the dragon. Using his spirit energy, he took one of its scales and keep it within his space ring.

Shua!

He instantly landed in the distant wilderness. Through the grass, he looked about, “On to the next.”

The vast Dragon Tower planet, anything under sector lord level would die without a doubt under Luo Feng’s hands!

Not discussing the colorful boots and pant armors he wore, even though those were all cheap alloy materials, they were still E9 grade. Luo Feng’s strongest armor was still the cloud contact armor within, and right now it had already reached domain lord level 9, (The 80 years in Blood River world was enough). By simply relying on it alone, he would be able to wipe out all those under sector lord level.

To Luo Feng, the biggest problem was…

How to let It breakthrough to sector lord level, using points? He couldn’t bear to use money, as he didn’t have enough.

“I can only wait.”

“When I’ve done all the missions I can do, and make it into the primal region, I’ll let the human body rise to domain lord level. That way, I can acquire the biggest part of my teacher’s inheritance.”

…

Dragon Tower planet mission (Dangerous level)

He finished it in 39 days, acquiring 10,000 points.

…

Space Cliff mission (Dangerous level).

He used 21 days to complete it and was awarded 15,000 points.

…

Luo Feng began his journey of completing missions.

…

According to the rules of the Virtual Universe company, only universe level geniuses could take on these missions. The domain lords were sent outside to territories and the sector lords had to go through life or death training.

And the universe level geniuses could at most take 10 missions every 100 years.

To prevent them from continuously taking on missions, every one’s total number was limited.

For a universe level genius, completing an impossible level mission had restrictions. A primal region member can at most take on 3! Absolute beginning members can only take 2! The sky and land and last phase members can only take 1!

This was in consideration of their safety.

If one’s power wasn’t enough, wouldn’t it be suicide to take on the impossible level missions?

There was also the distribution of resources.

The impossible level missions were incomparably dangerous. The points awarded however were extremely absurd. The primal region members could only do 3, which was the highest of the lot.

The dangerous level missions, the primal region members could do up to 15! The absolute beginning members could do 10! The sky and land members could do 6! The last phase members could do 3!

The difficult level missions…

According to the points, Luo Feng had never once considered the safe, normal and difficult level missions. The points awarded were too pitiful.

The impossible level missions, lowest amount of points was 100,000. There were even some with ten times the points, leading up to one million!

The dangerous level missions, normally they gave 10,000, 20,000, and at most 100,000 points.

The difficult level were all about 1-2000 points.

The normal level were about 1-200 points.

Safe level was not worth even mentioning.

6 months later.

“Brother, you are awesome, simply too awesome. Damn, It’s only been that long and you’ve completed 4 dangerous level missions?” Wuka looked like he had seen a ghost as he stared at Luo Feng.

Rong Jun who was beside him, stared at him too.

Luo Feng sat and lifted his wine glass and said while laughing, “Don’t be so shocked. Weren’t you the one who asked me, and would I lie to my brothers? However, after I told you all…look at your expressions.”

“Including your Blood River world mission, you’ve already completed 5 dangerous level missions right.” Wuka pondered, “From what I know, the dangerous level missions are set in many secret regions. Of which, there are only 5 in the absolute beginning region. Completing so many in such a short time, if you had to go to other star regions, just the travel time alone wouldn’t be sufficient…”

Wuka stared at Luo Feng, “You’ve done all the dangerous level missions in the absolute beginning region?”

“Smart.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

“Vicious.”

Wuka nodded, “To save time, you don’t even choose the missions seriously.”

“Anyway only 3 of the dangerous level missions give the highest points.” Luo Feng smiled indifferently. “And absolute beginning members can at most do 10 of the dangerous level missions, I still have credit.”

“Ah?”

Luo Feng looked down at the fist size Babata on his shoulder, standing up.

“Wuka, Rong Jun, my teacher is looking for me, I’ll leave first.”

“Teacher?”

“Go on!”

The two of them didn’t stop him.

Luo Feng became a beam of light and left Wuka’s villa, heading back to his own.

…

Within the training grounds of his villa.

The tall and sturdy True Yan Emperor rubbed his golden fur on his face. His expression was that of a shock, as he looked at his disciple. True Yan was an ancient being of over trillion years. However, of his many disciples, only 3 to 5 of them could truly make him proud, and Luo Feng was one of them.

“You are very talented!”

“Your improvement is getting more and more shocking!”

“You have the right to be proud and confident.”

He rubbed the fur on his face, frowning as he looked at Luo Feng. “You’ve already done 5 consecutive dangerous level missions. However, there is still impossible level! This is the impossible level!”

“Why is it called impossible?”

“The death rate is about 90%. Whoever’s gone in has been very confident. However, the death rate still reaches 90%. You, look at yourself…you haven’t even taken part in your first qualification battle and you are attempting an impossible mission. Speak, I don’t know whether to call you rash and crazy or confident?” True Yan looked at his beloved disciple before him, he couldn’t help but advise him.

“Teacher, I’ve made my decision and I’m very confident.” Luo Feng said.


Chapter 557: Impossible Mission

Luo Feng was very humble in front of his teacher, his answer however was filled with immovable determination.

True Yan Emperor looked at his respectful disciple before him and shook his head, before smiling. “Luo Feng, your decision is pretty reckless. However, even before me, you seem decided and immovable, that’s good! To become a strong warrior, one has to constantly reflect and discover his own faults to improve! And if one thinks his own decision is correct, he has to believe in it and press on.”

“Since you’ve made up your mind, I won’t try and dissuade you!”

“Just one thing, come back alive.” True Yan looked at this disciple in his prime. In his trillion year life span, he had seen many disciples die.

“Teacher, I will definitely come back alive.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

“Go on!”

True Yan nodded and waved.

Luo Feng bowed and left the training grounds. True Yan watched as he left, and his eyes were filled with a sense of complexity, after which he disappeared.

Walking out of the training grounds, the staff and guards in the villa all bowed as they saw Luo Feng.

“Your majesty.”

“Your majesty.”

The group was incredibly respectful.

Luo Feng however frowned and pondered, “Teacher was right, those that dared attempt the impossible missions were all extremely confident too. Yet, their death rate was still as high as 90%. I have the mosha clansman and golden horned beast, my survival ability should be 10 times of theirs, however I can’t be careless.”

Just in the 4 dangerous level missions in the half a year, there were two occasions, during which he was actually met with danger.

He instantly switched to the mosha clansman and relied on the domain lord level 9 mosha and it’s unbelievable speed to get away.

If he could meet with trouble in even the dangerous level.

During this impossible level mission, naturally he couldn’t be careless at all.

…

Luo Feng entered his study and sat before his desk and opened the laptop, opening the pages.

Safe level, normal, difficult, dangerous, impossible.

“Impossible!” Luo Feng didn’t even hesitate, pressing it.

Di…di…di…di…di…di

A piercing sound resounded from the screen.

“Luo Feng, this is a heavy reminder, this is the impossible level mission. Many of our members from the absolute beginning and primal region have in the past lost their lives. We advise you that after passing the qualification rounds, to go and try the impossible mission.” The electronic voice resounded within the study.

“If you wish to drop out please cancel your choice. If you wish to proceed, please confirm.”

“The moment you confirm, you cannot back out.”

“You’ll have to undergo the impossible mission!”

Luo Feng smiled, pressing confirm.

Di!

The page refreshed itself and a new page appeared, a page that displayed only to those that begun the impossible mission.

There was a line right above the page… “Impossible mission, death rate 90%, surviving the impossible mission requires strength and luck. You can at most pick two impossible missions, please pick wisely.”

“Here is the list of impossible missions:

1, Purgatory Abyss (Virtual Universe company primal region)

2, Cloud palace (Huge Axe Dojo Beginning God region)

…

8, Demon mountain (Virtual Universe company absolute beginning region)

…

12, Death star (Universe Mercenary alliance Honor region)

…

18, Blood demon continent (Universe 1st bank Dripping blood region)

Luo Feng looked at the list and frowned. “There are a total of 186 dangerous level missions, however, this impossible level list only has 18, pathetic.”

There were 18 impossible level missions.

Among which, 4 of them were in the Virtual Universe company regions. The other 14 were in the Huge Axe dojo, universe mercenary alliance, universe galaxy bank and universe 1st bank regions. Just from these names, Luo Feng could feel the danger from each of them, why they were named impossible and that these weren’t set just to scare people.

“Hm!”

“I’ll seriously look through them first, just what places are these impossible regions.” Luo Feng opened and flipped through.

The detailed introductions and requests of each mission were shown.

The different points awarded.

The lowest death star mission, however this mission had a total of three options within it, and every one of them awarded 100,000 points. Added together, it was quite a bit.

The highest purgatory abyss mission only had one, and the points awarded was 1 million.

…

After reading through each and everyone of their detailed information, it took a total of half an hour.

“Inhale!”

Luo Feng inhaled a breath of cold air. Staring at the screen, he said softly, “Vicious indeed, it wasn’t wrong when it said earlier. To survive these missions, strength is a given, but you still need luck. Even I, if my luck goes south and I end up in a nightmare situation, with everything revealed, I may not survive.”

18 missions, all of them were extremely abnormal!

“As long as my luck isn’t too bad, I still have some guarantee.”

“Which do I pick?”

Luo Feng wasn’t even afraid or worried.

In truth, there wasn’t any 100% safe or guaranteed things in the universe. Even for the normal people of earth, a flower vase might just drop on someone walking and minding their own business. Even if one followed all the rules, those drunk drivers might simply crash into you. Even for such a powerful warrior like Luo Feng, if he had bad luck.

He might encounter an absolute being going through some tragic problems, venting it out and killing all the punks around.

Or there may be a bug clan or automaton group attack, through universe travel, entering the secret regions and killing everybody.

All in all.

There wasn’t any 100% safe thing, or 100% guarantee to passing any mission.

“Hm, “Demon mountain is the only one in the absolute beginning region. From the description, it seems more suited for me, and It’s close as well. I’ll pick this!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed and he gently tapped.

“Di!”

“Please confirm your selection of Demon mountain mission.”

“Selection success.”

“Please fill in the departure time, the Virtual Universe company will arrange for people to send you there.”

Luo Feng took a deep breath and nodded.

…

Demon mountain was a mysterious ancient place in the absolute beginning region.

It floated in space.

Surrounding the demon mountain, there were a total of 9 ancient planets. On these planets were many surviving aboriginals. Countless of them would leave their own planet to explore demon mountain, because only through surviving demon mountain would they be accepted into the Virtual Universe company and becoming a member of the virtual universe company.

Yes!

Different form Blood River world, Demon mountain and its surrounding 9 ancient planets were being controlled from the shadows by the Virtual Universe company! Of course, in terms of mystery level, that demon mountain was even more mysterious.

…

Demon mountain mission:

1, Survive in demon mountain for 3 months, points 100,000.

2 Survive in demon mountain for 3 years, points 300,000.

Just these two simple missions needed to be completed.

Simply survival!

However from further reading Luo Feng realized that simply surviving was a very hard thing to do.

Two days later.

A universe ship landed on Luo Feng’s star fragment territory.

“Your Majesty Luo Feng.”

3 black uniformed men walked down from the ship, bowing respectfully.

“Hm, let’s go.” The bright colored armored Luo Feng with the inner layer of cloud contact vine armor nodded and said.

“Yes.”

The 3 uniformed men bowed respectfully, and followed Luo Feng through a cabin door. After which, it shut and slowly rose up.

“Respectfully sending off your majesty!”

The sector lord Ao Duo and the group of guards bowed behind.

Sou!

The universe ship vanished into the distant space.

…

“Universe travel complete, travelling within the dark universe. Your majesty Luo Feng, it’ll take about 6 hours to reach demon mountain.” The leading black uniformed man smiled. He had silver threads on the sleeve of his arm.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Right, you are the dedicated team for sending people to demon mountain?” Luo Feng suddenly asked.

The black uniformed man smiled and bowed. “Yes, all of the universe level members in the absolute beginning region, as long as they are heading towards demon mountain, I’m the one who would send them off.”

“What’s the death rate like?” Luo Feng asked.

“No idea.”

The black uniformed man smiled. “Even though I receive them, when the survivors return, its members from the Virtual Universe company specially stationed at demon mountain that send them back. Hence, I don’t know how many actually end up dying. However, from my colleague, I heard its pretty high.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng nodded.

“However I can tell your majesty, including yourself, there’s been a total of 3 people who’ve headed there.” The black uniformed man said.

“3?” Luo Feng frowned.

“One of them is a primal region member, one is a last phase member and the 3rd is yourself. However, they are all already within demon mountain.” The man smiled, “The one in charge of receiving them after is my colleague.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Universe level primal member? Three seniors and Bolan and Long Yun, that’s a total of five of them. He might face them in the qualification battle, hence he had checked on these five’s details.

“Who could it be, Bolan? Or Long Yun, or one of the three seniors?”

After which Luo Feng returned to the resting room.

After about 6 hours, the universe ship once again went through universe travel and returned to the actual universe.

“Look!”

“Ahead is demon mountain.” Within the control room, the black uniformed man pointed ahead. Through the external simulator, Luo Feng could clearly see the distant space in which there was a spot covered in green and white mist. It was a huge black mountain, it was incredibly majestic, and enormous.

In the distant surroundings about this mountain, he could see the ancient planets.

From where he stood, he could see five ancient planets.

“Demon mountain was 1.8 hundred million km tall. At its base, its width is 3.2 hundred million km.” The black uniformed man pointed at that majestic mountain in space. “Demon mountain is what our Virtual Universe company people call it. The aboriginals from the 9 ancient planets all call it as sacred land, forbidden area, Inherited forbidden land and so on. Large amounts of the aboriginals enter the mountain. In terms of numbers, the members of the Virtual Universe company that enter aren’t even a 10 thousandth of the aboriginals there.”


Chapter 558: Demon Mountain

Demon Mountain was majestically floating in space.

This Demon mountain was simply too enormous. Any platform at the base of the mountain alone, or any canyon was equivalent to the surface area of earth. Hence, at the foot of demon mountain, there were many magnificent palaces, some as tall as 10,000 li. Those who are able to build such palaces were all undyings!

“It’s forbidden to announce loudly!”

“It’s forbidden to fight or kill each other!”

“It’s forbidden to fly out of the canyon!”

“Anybody who breaks these rules will be killed immediately!” A powerful voice resonated throughout the canyon.

Within the canyon, there were many silhouettes, who were either sitting crossed legged or leaning on the stones, or chatting in their groups. They all looked pretty similar, with two hands, two feet, two eyes, nose, and mouth. Even their heights were similar to that of earth people.

The only difference was they all had two curved horns on their foreheads.

Some were black in color, while others were silvery white.

From one look, one could see that there were at least 1,000 people in that canyon.

“Teacher, how long are we going to wait here? Demon mountain has been closed for so long, yet the Virtual Universe company isn’t letting us in at all.” An armored but bare armed black horned youth said softly. Beside him were another six men and women, surrounding a purple armored old man in the center.

There were eight of them..

The purple armored old man was at sector lord level. As for his disciples, two of them were domain lords, while the rest five were universe level.

“They have to reach 10,000 people before we can enter!” An old voice resounded from the old man.

“Teacher.” A clean voice sounded, a silver horned young lady couldn’t help but say, “The warriors that get here from the many planets, sometimes there’s many while other times there’s only a few. There’s no pattern at all! Right now we’ve only gathered a little over six thousand, who knows how long we’ll have to wait until we hit the 10,000 mark.”

“Do you wish to go against the rules of the Virtual Universe company?” The purple armored old man turned and glared at his disciples.

The lady bit her lips and went silent.

“Wait patiently.” The old man exclaimed. “As long as any one of you can survive in there for a month, then you’ll be accepted into the Virtual Universe company. Then, you’ll be able to explore the vast universe. Compared to the vast universe, our 9 star ocean is simply too small.”

The seven disciples’ eyes gleamed.

Right.

9 star ocean ( The name of the 9 Ancient planets bunched together), in history they’ve had many that entered the Virtual Universe company. Some having gone to explore the universe, and returned to build their own sects and left behind advanced technology. These experiences and incidents made the 9 star ocean know about the wonders of the vast universe.

“Remember, if you feel that it’s too dangerous and you can’t hold out for a month, immediately find a way to exit.” The purple armored old man said. “Safety first! If you cannot pass this time, you can always return and try again when you are stronger.”

“Understood.” The seven disciples nodded.

Suddenly…

A controlled announcement resounded from a distance, the eight of them immediately stood up.

“Teacher, look over there?”

“It’s the Virtual Universe company attendant.” The eight of them including the thousands in the canyon all looked shocked at the large group of silver armored people flying from the majestic palace. These were attendants of the Virtual Universe company, and they had high amounts of power and authority.

Even the aboriginal sector lords didn’t dare offend them.

“So many of them?”

“Close to a hundred.”

“Why are there so many attendants?” The thousands of universe levels to sector lord aboriginals were all extremely shocked, yet no one dared make a loud sound at all. Because, anyone who disobeyed the rules had one end…death!

“Look, a ship.”

“Wow, what a beautiful ship.”

The thousands of aboriginals’ eyes gleamed. In the distance a universe ship swiftly drew closer and quickly stopping above the canyon, the cabin door opened.

A colorful armored black haired youth walked out. Close to 100 attendants flew over, all gathering in an organized fashion and standing respectfully. At the front of the group, three white robed men and women all bowed respectfully, “Your majesty Luo Feng!”

“Your Majesty Luo Feng!” Close to 100 attendants said respectfully.

In mid air, Luo Feng nodded, after which, with the three white robed people accompanying him, the group of attendants all flew downwards.

“My god!”

“My god, even the white robed attendants personally welcomed him?”

“White robes, those are sector lord pinnacles that have been acknowledged by the laws, they are like gods!”

“I can see that the black haired youth is only a universe level.”

Thousands of aboriginal warriors didn’t dare make a ruckus, and could only discuss in hushed voices to vent their shock. The powerful silver robed attendants were extremely respectful towards that black haired youth, like he was Sun Zi.

Suddenly…

One of the silver robed attendants left the large group and rushed towards the canyon, immediately the voices of the thousands hushed.

“Listen well.” The silver robed attendant gazed coldly down on the thousands of aboriginals. “One of our Virtual Universe company majesty’s is about to enter and train in Demon mountain. Hence, we are about to begin the demon mountain mission. You can all enter too, go acquire your identification tag and prepare to enter demon mountain.”

“Yes!”

Thousands of aboriginals replied.

The attendant flew away and the aboriginals below were extremely excited.

“A majesty actually came, our luck sure is good. Now we don’t have to wait for 10,000 people anymore.” The purple armored old man laughed loudly, and beside him, his seven disciples were gleeful, of which the silver horned lady said, “Teacher, just who is that majesty, his position seems really high?”

“The majesties of the headquarters are all absolute geniuses picked by the Virtual Universe company from the vast universe. They are 10s of thousands to millions of times stronger than you all.” The purple armored old man said, “And for three white robes to welcome him, this majesty must have the position of that of a god!”

“Like a god?”

The seven disciples all stared wide eyed.

Luo Feng flew towards the palace, gazing at the aboriginals below in the canyon.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, these are all aboriginal warriors of the 9 planets. According to the rules we’ve set, entering demon mountain…the lowest should be at least a universe level. Hence amongst the group, most of them are universe levels. There are also some domain lords and sector lords.” The tall and handsome white robed youth explained as he smiled, simultaneously carefully observing this Luo Feng before him.

Luo Feng’s name was reputable even in the management level.

Even though this person was a low level management level staff, he knew too…that Luo Feng hadn’t even passed his first qualification battle and he had already passed the heavenly bridge’s 7th level. This had made the upper echelons of the Virtual Universe company favor him.

Such a person, how could he be neglected?

They welcomed him and acted according to the primal region member’s customs, which was that three white robes and a team of silver robes are to welcome him. And usually, absolute beginning members only get 1 white robe and 9 silver robes.

…

2nd level of the palace, Luo Feng entered the 2nd level through the guidance of the white robed youth.

And the thousands of aboriginals were entering the 1st level single file.

“These are your identification tags!”

“Everyone will get one, quickly.” The attendant said as he gave out the completely black tags. “If you want to enter the virtual universe company, there are two ways to do so. One of them is to survive a month in demon mountain. The other is to kill others and acquire 1,000 black tags or 1 red tag.”

“Black tags are the ones you all get.”

“The red tags are given to the majesties that come from the Virtual Universe company to train here. As long as you can kill one of them and acquire his red tag! You’ll not only get to enter the Virtual Universe company, but you’ll also get a treasure that even an undying would favor.”

These words made the eyes of the thousands of aboriginals gleam, however they weren’t shocked at all.

Because these rules had been passed down over countless years, they all knew it well.

Palace level 2.

“This is your tag.” The white robed youth gave Luo Feng a red tag and smiled. “You have to remember, the moment you appear within 500m of those aboriginals, the tags will resonate and they’ll know you carry the red tag, they will immediately try to surround and kill you.”

“I know.” Luo Feng nodded.

He had read the detailed information much earlier.

Killing someone like him…

Those aboriginals would immediately change their lives, naturally they’d risk it all.

“In demon mountain, those who are able to kill you are either the aboriginals or the beasts within demon mountain.” The white robed youth explained. “Naturally…if they can kill you, you can kill them too. As long as you can collect 10,000 black tags, you’ll acquire an extra reward. This is a reward outside the mission!”

“Extra reward?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, “This, I didn’t know about.”

The white robed youth smiled, “The extra reward is even better than your point rewards!”

“Ah?” Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat.

“However, I don’t have authority to tell you what the reward is. When you acquire 10,000 black tags, then you’ll acquire the reward. Relax…the Virtual Universe company is extremely generous.” The white robed youth smiled, “As long as you acquire 10,000 tags, you can exchange one time. If you acquire 20,000 tags, you can exchange two times and so on. There’s no limit.”

Luo Feng smiled and shook his head.

Was it that simple?

There were only how many aboriginals within? And among them, there were sector lord pinnacles!

This demon mountain mission wasn’t simple at all.

Demon mountain demon mountain, why demon?

Actually, even though the threat of the aboriginals was big. As long as he didn’t want to collect the 10,000 tags and hid well, then the threat of the aboriginals paled in comparison to the threat of demon mountain itself!

“Demon mountain, entering from the front would be demon note mountain. Entering from the caves behind would be Ice mountain.” The white robed youth smiled. “I believe, that your majesty Luo Feng knows about the two different regions, please make a choice of which one you will enter from.”

Demon mountain had two sides.

They were split into demon note mountain and ice mountain. The universe evolutions had made two special environments in this mountain. These are actually the true terrors of demon mountain.


Chapter 559: Official Po Yu

Luo Feng smiled.

The demon mountain was separated into demon note mountain and Ice mountain, of which ice mountain was exactly as it sounded. It had extreme cold temperatures! The cold reached unbelievable levels, the absolute cold was only what the technology of earth allowed to be measured and knew. In the vast universe, the absolute cold reached even lower temperatures!

Just like the huge ice planet that Luo Feng’s star fragment revolved about.

Like the ice mountain!

They were all extremely cold, even to the point that it could harm a universe level’s body and cells. The temperature within ice mountain wasn’t constant throughout, some parts could harm a universe level, and some parts were so cold they could even harm a domain lord or sector lord! Hence if one was exploring within and accidentally stumbled upon a terrifyingly cold area, he could be instantly frozen and killed.

Ice mountain, the main thing was its effects on the body.

Demon note mountain was against the soul.

Demon note mountain was vast and deep. One could feel chilly winds howling about, and occasionally accompanied by all sorts of sounds. These sounds were natural hypnotism, if one got careless he could be hypnotized. Because different regions had different sounds, with different levels of hypnotism. Several terrifying places could easy make a universe level or even domain lord to lose their consciousness and become meat puppets!

“I choose demon note mountain.” Luo Feng said.

“Demon note?” The white robed youth was shocked, saying, “Your majesty Luo Feng, forgive my intrusion. This ancient mountain’s two sides. Even though that ice mountain is dangerous, it’s effects are against one’s body. When you compare body and soul, the soul is the core. There’s still a chance to struggle in the ice mountain. However the moment you are affected in demon note mountain you’ll lose your consciousness, you won’t even be able to resist.”

“No problem.” Luo Feng smiled.

Demon note?

Natural hypnotism?

In terms of willpower, Luo Feng already exceeded most sector lord pinnacles, and was even comparable to an undying! 80 years in Blood River world’s killing aura training had made his willpower much stronger than before.

“Since that’s so, I’ll arrange for people to send you to demon note mountain.” The white robed youth bowed. “Your majesty Luo Feng, please remember to bring your identification tag when you leave! Once you lose it, it means you’ve failed the mission.”

“I know this.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Please wait a moment.”

The white robed youth turned and left and walked along the vast halls of the palace, his silhouette was like lightning, instantly reaching far away. In just a second, a 100m long oval shaped universe ship flew over and stopped before Luo Feng. The cabin door opened and three white robed people walked out, including that youth from before.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, please!”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng instantly closed the distance and entered the ship.

Demon mountain was majestic and tall, the universe ship was like a fly revolving about it.

Control room.

Luo Feng glanced over, he could occasionally see caves in the majestic mountain, and those caves were filled with cold air.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, demon note mountain takes up about half of the entire demon mountain. Due to it’s size, there are trillions of entrances into the mountain itself.” The white robed youth pointed. On the distant mountain one could easily make out a blur several kilometers to hundreds of kilometers wide caves, “Your majesty can pick anyone to enter from.”

“We’ll fly awhile more.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes.”

…

After a while, the ship was far from the canyon earlier. Only then did Luo Feng pick a cave to enter.

At the base of the mountain, many palaces were built there, some big and some small.

Close to the base of Ice mountain, there was a ten thousand km tall completely jade green umbrella like palace. There stood a group of attendants in green armor, and these group of attendants could all easily destroy an entire country. They all had a jade green snake tail and on it were dense scales.

Sou!

The ship carrying Luo Feng earlier stopped before the palace, the door opened and the white robed youth flew alone to the entrance, standing outside full of respect.

“Zhe Chang, enter!” A gentle voice resounded.

The white robed youth seemed to be shocked as he squinted a little, however he still maintained a look of respect and entered the shrine.

The palace was huge and complex.

The white robed youth flew for awhile within and finally arrived within a chilly large palace. This palace was several li in width and height. There weren’t any staff within, only a 1km tall throne could be seen, in which a terrifying silhouette sat.

“Greetings Official Po Yu!” The white robed youth bowed.

He didn’t dare to look up at the silhouette in the throne.

“Luo Feng, has entered?” The gentle voice resounded.

“Yes, his majesty Luo Feng just entered.” The white robed youth said, “He entered demon note mountain.”

“Hm.”

The gentle voice continued, “When he comes out, bring him to meet me.”

“Yes.” The white robed youth bowed.

“Zhe Chang, you can go.” The gentle voice said.

“Yes.”

The youth didn’t dare speak anymore, swiftly leaving the palace and out of the chilly place. Once he walked out, only then did he let out a sigh of relief, “Official Po Yu is a sick bastard. His moods are irrational, and he can kill me randomly at will, that would be injustice. Luckily nothing happened today.”

Where there were benefits, there would be competition!

For a huge leviathan like the Virtual Universe company, there would definitely be competition within the internal departments, only they were all suppressed. However for a being like Po Yu, randomly killing a sector lord didn’t mean anything at all.

Luo Feng and Bolan and such people were heavily respected, they were like the fruits of the company.

But that was only because they were geniuses, hence they were respected. And for people like Zhe Chang who had to slog until he reached the sector lord level, he had to remain cautious at all times. His position wasn’t high enough…he could easily be killed by the upper levels just because they were in a bad mood.

…

Within that chilly palace.

High above in the throne, a huge silhouette flew and landed within. She was a person with a 10m long jade green snake tail. Her upper body was simply perfect, especially her long jade green hair. The absolute beauty that enticed even one’s soul, her mesmerizing eyes that gazed far within the palace, seemingly looking at a place a trillion years away.

“Ha!”

“Ha!” She suddenly revealed a manic laugh, “Hahaha…”

“The opportunity has come!”

She muttered softly.

After which!

Chi chi chi…her body swiftly began to change, her jade green tail shrank and became two bare feet, simultaneously clothing grew on her body and she became a 8m tall absolute beauty.

“I’ll first collect on the loan.”

“Killing him is only the first step.”

The absolute beauty muttered softly and vanished.

…

A few minutes later, within a dark red planet, one of the 9 revolving around demon mountain, a universe ship swiftly entered.

On the planet.

An ancient city took up 10,000 Li in area. It was one of the top 3 sects on this planet, the thousand star sect.

“Rumble…”

The elders of the thousand star sect all swiftly came out from within, some rushing from the quiet spots about. In just a few minutes all of them had rushed to the shrine of the sect.

Shrine, why shrine?

Because there was a god, hence the shrine was built. There was currently a 1,000 star undying in this sect!

“Why has the Sect leader called us so urgently?”

“I don’t know.”

“Hurry, the leader has never called us so urgently before.”

Sector lords and domain lords all swiftly rushed to the thousand Star sacred land. Within the shrine, a beautiful lady sat in the majestic throne high above, and below was an old man with two, one meter black horns, it was the thousand Star sect leader thousand star elder.

“Sect leader.”

“Sect leader.”

The sector lords and domain lords rushed over and bowed respectfully.

“Master Bing!” The black horned old man knelt down respectfully. “The closest sector lords and domain lords from the thousand star sect have all gathered. There’s a total of 6 sector lords and 53 domain lords.”

“Master?”

The sector lords and domain lords with either black or silver white horns were all stunned.

The beautiful lady in the throne looked at the shrine’s entrance, a formless energy seemed to push open the door.

Rumble…

The door automatically opened, making the sector lords and domain lords even more nervous. They all couldn’t help but glance at the beautiful silhouette in the throne, however they couldn’t see her appearance. They could only feel a formless pressure causing them to feel a natural sense of fear.

“Those of you who’ve passed demon mountain, stand on the left. Those who haven’t stand on the right.” A gentle voice resounded.

It was like they were being controlled.

59 naturally moved to the two sides. 32 of them stood on the left and 27 on the right.

“Six of you stay!” Six jade green lights descended from above and landed amongst the 27 sector lords and domain lords. Three of these were sector lords, and three were domain lord level 9s, “The rest of you can leave.”

The door opened automatically again.

The other 53 sector and domain lords moved out like puppets, after which the door shut again.

Outside the shrine.

“What’s going on?”

“What just happened?”

“Didn’t the sect leader gather us, why are we out again?”

The sector and domain lords were almost like in a dream like state, they exchanged glances, not remembering clearly what happened in the shrine earlier.

“All of you go back! Immediately! No questions allowed!” An old angry voice resounded in their minds.

“Yes, sect leader.”

The group immediately complied and dispersed in all directions.

…

Within the shrine.

The beautiful lady sat in the throne, gazing down at the three sector lords and three domain lords.

“To work for the thousand star sect is our honor. Whatever the master wishes and orders, our thousand star sect disciples will complete.” The black horned old man thousand star elder said respectfully.


Chapter 560: Self Preparation

The three sector lords and three domain lords were extremely nervous. They could see that the other warriors had left with puppet like gazes. To be able to control sector lords without any action whatsoever, and to make the sect leader kneel there like a maid. This being before them must be an absolute being even within the Virtual Universe company.

“thousand star, you can leave.” The beautiful lady ordered.

“Yes.”

The black horned old man left swiftly through the left side door. Only the beautiful lady above and the six were left behind.

“The six of you, look carefully.” The beautiful lady pointed in mid air. Immediately, a light formed screen appeared from where her left hand pointed, and on it displayed the black haired youth Luo Feng, he was dressed in his colorful armor. The screen showed his detailed measurements and data.

“I need you to kill this person!”

“This one on the screen.” The lady said.

Immediately the six below were suspicious, a great being, even stronger than their sect leader, getting them to kill one person, just how strong was this person?

“He, is only at universe level 9.” The lady said gently.

“Only universe level 9?”

The six of them below all let out sighs of relief. Amongst them were three domain lord level 9s, killing a universe level 9 was as easy as killing an ant.

“However don’t look down on him.” The lady pointed at the screen. “He is wearing alloy armor, it may look very normal, but they are still E9 grade. However such simple armor defense cannot compare to genetic armor’s complete defense. Below that however is a layer of cloud contact armor.

“Cloud contact vine?”

The six of them were suspicious.

Immediately data appeared on the screen, the lady continued, “Cloud contact vine, a special assisting plant life form. It is able to meld with the skin and act as armor, or whip, and is able to transform to many things and constantly evolve. And his cloud contact vine is domain lord level 9!”

“The cloud contact vine’s strength is able to morph at will, and its life energy is extremely strong. It’s strength is usually much stronger than a human of the same level.”

“Hence, you three domain lord level 9s will probably be easily killed by his armor alone.” The lady said.

The three domain lords of the six below were immediately shocked.

Mysterious!

Sick!

Their home towns had never heard of such assisting plant life. A universe level 9 using a plant life form, and is easily able to kill a domain lord level 9? That was absurd.

“You three sector lords, the weakest among you is a sector lord level 5, and highest is at sector lord level 9. As long as you meet him, you should be able to easily kill him.” The lady said, “As for the three domain lord level 9, if you meet him, you will die.”

The three domain lords listened nervously, not daring to speak.

“This is called a laser gun!” The lady flipped her hand and immediately 3 automaton weapons appeared, 3 laser guns with diameters of 1m, totally about 3m long. It was made of a silver white material, and on it were no engravings. Obviously it was the style of the automaton race.

“E9 laser guns!” The lady said indifferently, “It only needs 0.1 seconds to prepare, an absolute level laser gun.”

“With a hit of this gun, you can pierce through E9 grade material and kill even a sector lord level 9 warrior.” The lady’s words had just resounded and the six below changed their expressions.

Their eyes gleamed as they stared at the guns.

Heavenly!

Madness!

They weren’t completely oblivious to the vast universe. They too knew that within the universe, strength was what mattered. Even there, sector lords had special authority and status. Just how hard was it to become a sector lord? Which one of them six hadn’t been through hell and hardships?

However one simple technological weapon, even a weakling with this weapon could prepare in 0.1 seconds and kill a sector lord level 9?

This was madness.

This level of technological weapon, even amongst the universe countries of humanity, was still an absolute high level weapon, and the price was extremely expensive. Many sector lord’s entire wealth couldn’t even afford a fraction of one of these E9 grade laser guns. These 3 E9 grade laser guns, even normal undyings wouldn’t be able to afford.

“These 3 E9 grade laser guns, will be used temporarily by you three.” The lady waved and the 3 guns flew towards the three domain lords and floated before them.

The three domain lords stared wide eyed at the completely silver white technological weapon.

What a beautiful structure!

Terrifying barrel!

This little thing, 1 gun, could kill a normal sector lord level 9?

“The three of you are weak, and are all fighters. Even if you meet this black haired punk, he wouldn’t bother with you.” The lady said, “In his eyes, he can kill you three in an instant.”

“Hm.” The three domain lords nodded.

“And because he looks down on you, and doesn’t think of you as a threat, you’ll have a chance!” The lady said, “With your combined strengths, even if you meet the cloud contact vine’s attack, if you can hold up for 0.1 seconds, you’ll be able to store enough energy to shoot him.”

“Understood.”

“Yes.”

“We will definitely be able to kill him.”

The three domain lords answered excitedly, their answers all different.

The three sector lords beside glanced at the laser guns. While their eyes were gleaming, the lady in the throne however said coldly, “You three sector lords, just your powers alone should be enough. Remember the target’s appearance and armor.”

“Yes.” The six replied respectfully.

“He’s different from you lot.” The lady said, “His wealth alone wouldn’t lose to even your sect elder, hence he’ll be prepared. He may change his appearance, armor etc. Just remember, the moment you meet a universe level 9, no matter what he looks like, make a move! If you discover the cloud contact vine body, you’ll be able to confirm the target.”

“When you meet the domain lord level or sector lord levels, don’t make a move.”

“Your target this time is him!”

“You three domain lords remember clearly, flee if you meet a sector lord. If they truly wish to kill you, you can then use the laser gun to attack! If you meet a domain lord just flee! Kill any universe levels! If you discover the cloud contact vine…then use the laser gun. Because, your laser guns can at most shoot 9 times, its energy will be depleted after those 9 shots.”

“Yes!”

The six of them complied.

The six of them understood, that even though they were three domain lords and sector lords, this being before them had obviously placed her hopes on the three domain lords.

“This black haired youth sure is unlucky. A great being actually has a grudge with him and has deployed such vicious tactics.”

“However we don’t know his identity and status, this being actually doesn’t dare to kill him herself, letting us do it for her.”

“Who cares, anyway killing within demon mountain is allowed by the Virtual Universe company.”

Many thoughts went through their minds.

“If you manage to successfully kill him, the six of you including thousand star sect will be heavily rewarded by me!” The lady said. “I hope that the six of you don’t let me down. If you do, you should know what the result of that will be.” The lady gently gripped armrest and rubbed it, it began to crack and break apart.

The six of them were shocked.

“We’ll pledge our lives to complete this mission!” The six complied.

“Hm.” The lady nodded.

Within the majestic demon mountain.

The caves and canyons were a vast sea of black, and on the surface of every stone however there was a layer of cold ice. Whether it was the walls or ground, they were all covered in that cold. The formless chill made Luo Feng who was walking within frown, as it pierced right through his cloud contact armor, painfully against his skin.

“This is demon note mountain, and its already this cold. Ice mountain must be even crazier.” He gently breathed in and felt the cold air enter his lungs, immediately his organs within went numb.

“It’s cold enough as is.”

Suddenly he stopped.

This cave was at least 10km tall and 80km wide. One could even build an entire city within this huge cave.

“So many pathways?” Luo Feng gazed ahead. There were many large and small caves, extending to hundreds of pathways.

Hu!

Howl!

The sound of the wind howled through the many passages, almost like a demon’s cry or wolf’s howl. The sounds created were very peculiar, with occasional high and low frequencies that would permeate into Luo Feng’ s consciousness and soul, creating a noiseless hypnotism within.

“You dare try with this level of hypnotism, hmph!”

Within his consciousness.

Luo Feng’s willpower was as sharp as a blade. It instantly gathered and formed a sharp blade that was cold and condensed. It would break any hypnotism that even drew near! This was his willpower at its limit after his 80 years of training in Blood River world’s killing aura!

His 2nd brother Thunder god thought he was at the limit!

Indeed he was, and he had always been! Absolutely cold like a mirror, sharp like a blade! With no compromise!

“Demon note mountain, different regions have different levels. The moment I succumb to it I’ll be a living puppet, with no chance to struggle at all. I cannot be careless.”

“And there is the threat of the aboriginal warriors and wild beasts.”

“Hm, I’ll act according to the plan before.”

Luo Feng stood in the ice, swiftly taking off his colored armor and retrieving a completely silver armor he had prepared just for this mission. This was an armor that was the most common within 9 star ocean.

Its material was F grade metal.

Maybe using an F grade metal to build a ship like the Yun Mo Ship was something beyond what he could do. But simply building an armor wasn’t hard at all for him.

“This is an impossible mission, not like the dangerous level from before. That colored armor is definitely not enough!”

Luo Feng immediately donned the silver armor and kept his bracelet screen into his storage ring, connecting with the cloud contact armor that grew two black horns on his forehead. These two dark red horns extended and slowly changed its color to black.

Black horns!

The simple and common silver armor! The black blade on his back! His entire savage energy had grown completely.

“Very good.”

“Even though there will be killing between the aboriginals themselves, this is still normal. The moment my identity is revealed, there will be madness. This red identity tag is very dangerous, it’s like a hot coal in hand.” Luo Feng though, storing the red tag in his storage ring. “I have to get a black identity tag on myself later, if I’m disguising myself, I have to do it all the way!”

Luo Feng was very clear.

Only with talent could he catch the fish, disguising himself as one of the aboriginals would decrease the dangers significantly.

“Sou!”

He randomly picked one of the passages of the hundreds ahead, flying deep within, and began his journey into the depths of Demon note mountain.


Chapter 561: Exploration

When Luo Feng entered demon note mountain, the 1,000s of warriors were still lining up for their identification tags, after which they either entered demon note mountain or ice mountain.

They all had to enter from a fixed, pre picked location from among the 10,000 entrances.

Sou!

A purple disc shaped ship flew to demon mountain’s canyon, the cabin door opened and 6 silhouettes flew out and kept the ship. These 6 were the 6 from the 1,000 star sect sent by Official Po Yu. The leader of the sect was after all an undying, and a core member of the Virtual Universe company, who had explored the universe before. Hence, the domain lords and sector lords of the 1,000 star sect all had universe ships.

Normal universe ships were very cheap.

Of course, domain lords didn’t have large enough space rings to store the universe ships, the sector lords however could store them in their internal worlds.

“Bayan, look. There’s so many queuing to get their tags. Even though one tag is being handed out every second, it would still take a couple of hours to go through these thousands.”

“Don’t get careless, we have to grasp our time. We cannot miss our chance, if we do, we’ll have to wait for the next 10,000 batch before we can enter.”

The 6 immediately flew towards the distant palace.

It took a few minutes for Official Po Yu to head towards 1,000 star sect, giving the order also took a few minutes. They took another 10 minutes to head over to their ship. At this time, only a small group of the thousands of aboriginals had acquired their tags. As for the distribution? The Virtual Universe company’s members definitely wouldn’t have such high efficiency for such aboriginals.

1 hour later.

“Let’s go! To demon note mountain!”

“According to the god’s orders, we’ll split up and it’ll be easier to meet our target.”

“Hm, we’ll split here.”

The 6 of them followed the same cave entrance to a split path and separated, and they headed in 6 different paths.

Actually, attempting demon mountain was mostly meant for universe levels. There were very few domain lords and even less sector lords.

Hence, the weakest amongst these 6 was domain lord level 9. The true dangers of demon mountain were the demon notes and beasts. Compared to this, the threats of the other aboriginals to them was small, unless they were truly unlucky to meet the rare sector lord in this vast mountain.

A black horned youth was carefully progressing along the deep and vast pathways, where countless of them interweaved.

“Ang!”

“Yang!”

“Howl!”

Every time he heard the demon notes, Luo Feng would immediately slow down and stop, not daring to risk it, in case he accidentally headed into an extremely strong area. Even though he was confident…he didn’t dare to be careless.

“Luo Feng, at a distance of 18.2km ahead of your path, there’s a domain lord level 3 fighter.” Babata’s voice resounded in his consciousness.

“My path?” Luo Feng frowned.

In demon note mountain, other than his three great bodies and the cloud contact vine, there was one more very important thing, Babata! He had an extremely powerful scanning device. Even though the area was small and only within 20km, its efficiency was extremely high. Even Sector lords couldn’t detect that well in this range here.

This scanning device was an expensive device bought back then by the master Hu Yan Bo of the Yun Mo Planet. Even the current Luo Feng wouldn’t be able to afford such a high end device.

Naturally…

The area was only 20km, suitable for such special regions and secret regions like demon note mountain.

“Swiftly getting closer, 12.8 km…9.9km…” Babata informed him.

“I see him.” Luo Feng looked ahead.

The path had straightened up completely at this point. Hence when the distance reached 10km, Luo Feng could see that ghostly dwarf like fighter. He was even able to clearly see the black hairs on his face, and his cold eyes. He carefully proceeded forward. When he spotted Luo Feng, he stopped, and after which smiled manically and rushed forward!

“Universe level 9! Haha…” The dwarf laughed loudly. With just two flashes, he reached before Luo Feng, and in his hand he wielded a dark red axe. This hatchet had complex engravings on it.

Luo Feng shook his head.

“Clang!”

He instantly brandished his blade!

Wave!

The cloud contact vine on his body naturally exploded with domain level 9 vine strength. Just a small portion of its strength was already much more powerful than a human domain level 9! The air around was pressured and a blood shadow blade slashed forward with unbelievable speed at the dwarf and his axe.

Rumble!

Just like a huge hammer smashing an ant, the dwarf stared wide eyed as the axe in his hands was immediately knocked backed towards himself. The back of the axe clashed, “Pu Chi”….instantly crushing his body till it exploded, his bones and muscles gushed out of his armor, and fresh blood spewed everywhere as well.

Rumble…

The entire ground rumbled and shook, the surface frozen layer immediately split in all directions with cracks extending, the ice split open and extended for 10km.

“I didn’t actually wish to kill you.” Luo Feng swiftly retrieved the two black tags in this dwarf’s storage item. This was already his 19th tag. “You happened to cross my path and attacked me first, how can I not kill you?”

Luo Feng kept the black tags and swiftly proceeded.

10,000 black tags yielded an addition reward, indeed.

However?

The higher the reward the higher the difficulty. As long as he survived in demon note mountain for 3 years, he would simultaneously accomplish the 1st mission, which was to survive for 3 months and the 2nd mission, which was to survive for 3 years. When that time came, he would acquire 400,000 points! The reward for the 10,000 tags was even better than this!

One could only imagine the difficulty!

“Only 10,000 people are allowed to enter in every batch, and they kill amongst themselves. Who knows where they would end up dying in here. Some may even have left early on. Most of the tags should land in the sector lord’s hands. To collect 10,000 black tags with my current strength, it’s definitely impossible.” Luo Feng was clear.

He looked down at the dead dwarf, shaking his head.

“My mission is to survive for 3 years.”

“I don’t wish to kill others.”

“However if anyone gets in my way, I can only do so.” Luo Feng continued, leaving behind the body in the broken ice surface.

The low temperatures caused the fresh blood to already freeze, the splits in the ice too swiftly froze over, and not too long after, everything looked like it was before.

…

Demon note mountain was vast, it took up half of the entire mountain.

And the base of demon mountain itself reached a shocking 3.2 hundred million km. It’s height reached a shocking 1.8 hundred million km. Since there were countless caves and pathways that crossed all over, Luo Feng could only cautiously proceed 100,000 km per day. Even after 3 years, he would have probably only covered a small portion of demon note mountain.

Cautious and careful.

1 day, 2 days, 3 days…

In a blink of an eye, 9 days had passed. Within these 9 days, through Babata’s scanning device, Luo Feng had discovered one sector lord, immediately he turned and slipped away. This was also the only time he got close to a sector lord. Other times, he met a few domain lords and large amounts of universe levels. As no one trusted each other, and he didn’t want to be chased down after fleeing, he could only kill those that attacked him.

Within these 9 days, he had already collected 112 black tags.

“My luck is not bad at all. Within these 9 days, I actually haven’t met any of the terrifying beasts of demon mountain.” Luo Feng walked along a vast pathway that twisted and turned, throughout which, Babata maintained his scanning device at all times.

“Luo Feng, according to the demon notes you’ve encountered the past 2 days, you should be entering a more dangerous region now. The demon note is obviously much stronger, I guess there’s a dangerous place nearby!”

“Babata, the information the Virtual Universe company gave us is that there’s no way to scan the dangerous regions in demon note mountain, it might seem very safe but dangers may pop up anytime. There’s no need to scan.” Luo Feng communicated mentally, simultaneously scanning around in the distance carefully, he couldn’t completely rely on the scanning device.

As normal pathways had distances exceeding 20km, and the scanning area of the device was only 20km. Hence, it was very likely they could actually see each other before the device could detect.

“Luo Feng, 3.6km to your left there are 3 domain lords.”

“3.6 km?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Looking to his left.

Not too far away was a stone wall, only then did he let out a sigh of relief.

“Its within another path.” Babata said.

“Another path, there’s no danger, why’d you inform me?” Luo Feng shook his head.

“Their conversation, I think it’s important for you.” Babata said.

“Ah?” Luo Feng thought.

With a flip of his hand, a little screen appeared.

“Broadcast the footage of the scene to me.” Luo Feng said.

“Sending already complete.”

Di.

In the little screen in his palm, it showed a similarly frozen stone cave, in which he could see an old man, a middle aged man and a youth. These 3 were staring intensely at 8 thick books before them. “It’s the Pheonix sect’s manual! This dead person must be an upper level in the phoenix sect.”

“Teacher, someone actually killed this person and didn’t even take his manual treasures. Haha.”

“You are wrong, it wasn’t a human that killed him. It’s a beast! Look at the scars on his armor, obviously a large claw had attacked him.”

“Teacher, teacher.” The youth smiled, “We acquired the phoenix sect’s manual here, can it be considered another inheritance?”

“Don’t compare this manual to an inheritance.”

The old man ordered, “The phoenix sect is very valuable. However, this forbidden land is called demon mountain by the Virtual Universe company, they also send many valuable beings here. From what I hear, they would occasionally send some undyings to enter to acquire the inheritance of this forbidden land!”

“Ah!”

“Undyings to accept the inheritance?” The 2 beside were shocked.

Looking at the screen, Luo Feng was shocked too.

“This you wouldn’t know, this is our 9 star ocean’s secret.” The old man said. “The forbidden land, why is it called so? Because this ancient gold mountain exists for passing down things! It’s existence is extremely ancient, tracing back to the earliest of histories of 9 star ocean. Back to the time before the Virtual Universe company took control of demon mountain! Anyway, this forbidden land…has things even the Virtual Universe company desires!”

“Just how powerful is the Virtual Universe company?”

“That’s impossible.” The 2 disciples couldn’t believe it.

“Cough.” The old man coughed a couple of times and said softly, “The Virtual Universe company is a leviathan of the universe, it is indeed very powerful. However, they still regularly arrange for powerful beings and undyings to enter here, trying to acquire the inheritance. This is a fact. This is our 9 star ocean’s most ancient inheritance, whoever acquires it, that person would really be taking one step to heaven.”

…

Luo Feng looked at the conversation of the 3 on his screen, very quickly, it then ended.

He frowned, “Inheritance? Demon mountain? Forbidden land?”


Chapter 562: Discovering a Mystery

“Demon mountain actually has treasures the virtual universe would desire?” Luo Feng thought within.

The history of demon mountain was extremely ancient. It had existed long before the Virtual Universe company had taken control of the absolute beginning region. A naturally formed mountain as such would definitely have treasures that were out of the ordinary. It would be normal for them to allow undyings to explore it.

However, are there really such treasures?

Luo Feng frowned.

“Very likely!”

“The aboriginals of 9 star ocean all call demon mountain the Inheritance forbidden land for hundreds of millions of years. They definitely wouldn’t call it as such for no reason, there’s definitely a meaning behind it!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed more, “And Babata’s scan showed that the old man said it with full confidence that there were frequent undyings that explored the mountain, this were probably verified information too.”

“Undyings entering here, for what?”

“For something to attract the undyings, these must not be normal treasures at all.”

“That old man said that the Virtual Universe company frequently arranges for high level beings and undyings to enter, he probably has me mixed up with their high level beings. They don’t know that im currently just on a training mission.” Luo Feng smiled, suddenly he was stunned.

“No!” Luo Feng stared wide eyed, a look of fear.

“Training mission?”

“Wrong! Wrong! Wrong!” His mind flashed with thoughts, he instantly guessed a few of the mysteries. “Only a bystander can see the picture clearly! Indeed this is true…Those of us undergoing these training missions mostly haven’t understood this. However the aboriginals have seen the truth!”

“Training mission?”

“If it were purely for risk, the Virtual Universe company could completely create a risk environment specially for the geniuses to do it in. Why would they need to send them to such a far away naturally produced mysterious place?” His eyes gleamed, “While we are to train on one side, the more important thing is…for us to get the opportunity to evolve even further in a huge burst!”

“From the Blood River world mission, I can see how the virtual universe plans its nurture.”

“The Blood River crystal of that world is a contraband item, however, they still let us do the mission. Why? For us to get the chance to absorb the crystals, raising both our comprehension and strength.” His eyes glowed, “Right, just like that!”

“The training missions aren’t simply for training. There should still be other miraculous encounters awaiting us geniuses.” Luo Feng squinted his eyes.

In his mind the many memories of the dangerous level missions flashed.

During the 1st Blood River world mission, he had a miraculous encounter and gained much from it. However obviously…this was an opportunity supplied by the Virtual Universe company.

The 2nd Dragon tower planet mission, as he hunted each dragon then, he found it strange, the number of types of dragons there was simply too many and extremely powerful. For an ancient planet to produce so many powerful dragon types, that was simply unbelievable. On top of that, the sacred land of the planet was a majestic tower…named dragon tower, there were too many powerful dragon types surrounding that tower. He simply finished the mission back then without actually going to explore in.

The 3rd Space Void mission, an endless cliff floated in space, and in between were peculiar thick chains. This existence was simply too peculiar, Luo Feng was extremely cautious then, only entering a few 1,000 km into its depths, collecting the required mission items before leaving immediately.

…

5 dangerous level missions.

This 6th mission was the impossible level mission. The mission seemed simple with its requirements for completion, as there were only two of them. One, was to survive 3 months (100,000 points) and the 2nd was to survive for 3 years (300,000 points).

“These places, none of them are that simple!”

“Just testing and training alone, the Virtual Universe company which has everything doesn’t need to go to such lengths, they could totally create a dangerous environment to train its people. Rather than send them to such crazy secret region places. And like the blood river crystals, they are contraband!” Luo Feng frowned, “I’m sure these places still have some secrets! And these secrets…some of them should have great benefits for us!”

What was the aim of the Virtual Universe company?

To train, and to nurture ofcourse!

But, the miraculous encounters these places had, were actually the true hidden rewards for the missions.

“Indeed!”

“It should be like that!”

“Otherwise, there’d be no need for us to go to such dangerous places just to gain experience. No such need at all! Letting us go to Blood River world, they are probably wishing for us to become blood warriors and even black warriors! Heading to dragon tower, space void, they probably had some other motives.”

“By letting absolute geniuses enter demon mountain, they probably wish too that we’d acquire the inheritance of the forbidden land.” Luo Feng nodded. The more he thought about it, the more it seemed right. This was the true thought process of their nurture and training, giving them additional opportunities while training.

“Whether it’s a black warrior, or acquiring the inheritance, they’d both be very hard. Otherwise, there’d long be a genius legendary story of one who’ve acquired it over these trillion years. The Virtual Universe company wouldn’t then need to keep sending undyings in.” Luo Feng nodded.

This ancient demon mountain most definitely has treasures!

And acquiring them would be extremely difficult. After all the Virtual Universe company only gave one chance to acquire them to each genius.

“Right.”

“Definitely.”

“Tian Shi palace is stationed above the Blood River world, and within it was such a level of absolute being! The space void too had undyings that trained hard within! This demon mountain base had large amounts of sector lords and undyings stationed too. Just from the majestic palace alone, one would know how many undyings were around!” Luo Feng thought and nodded. “It’s no secret, if it were just a training ground, why would they put so many undyings around?”

…

Luo Feng stood on the frozen ground and pondered, the more he thought, the more sure he was and he smiled excitedly.

“Luo Feng, 19.6km ahead of you there’s a 39m tall bear like creature, completely silver white beast, and It’s coming over.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed and he scanned ahead. There, he saw a simple and honest silver white bear. It’s eyes were white too, and it almost looked like a huge ice statue slowly walking over. “Wild beast, one of the threats next to the demon notes.”

Wild beasts were special life forms naturally formed in demon mountain.

They were formed in demon mountain’s extreme cold conditions. They had very little intelligence, and in terms of that, they probably couldn’t even compare to the cats and dogs of earth. They could be said to be….extremely stupid! However, because they were that way, they only knew one thing…if they discovered any other beast or life, they would immediately attack!

Any plan against their low intelligence was ineffective.

“From the natural energy it emits, its strength is at universe level 3.” Babata’s voice resounded in his mind.

“Howl…” That white bear looked at Luo Feng and immediately let out a howl, rushing over.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

It’s speed was extremely fast, as it became a blur and reached right before Luo Feng.

“Such a cute beast.” Luo Feng brandished his blood shadow blade and instantly flashed past the bear, simultaneously slicing its head.

Chi!

After its head was cut off, the solid ice chunks smashed against the stones on the walls. However the beast continued to attack, howling, “Howl…howl…” attacking Luo Feng.

“Chi! Chi!”

His blade flashed over and over. Luo Feng harmed it over and over, only after it was cut into 4 or 5 pieces did the countless ice chunks fall to the ground.

“What a peculiar life form. Its entire body is formed from the solid ice chunks. Even after I cut it up, it’s simple consciousness doesn’t dissipate.” Luo Feng looked shocked and curiously at the countless ice chunks. He saw them slightly struggle, and two pieces swiftly began to fuse back together.

“So the information that said these beasts don’t die, it’s like that.” Luo Feng shook his head, swiftly leaving. He didn’t have the patience to keep fighting against such a simple intellect beast that was akin to a cat or dog.

His luck was good this time, he met a weaker beast.

The strongest of the beasts were akin to a sector lord pinnacle, and they usually appeared in a group.

…

In this crystal like dark and deep stone pathway, a skinny black horned youth with black armor was present, and his eyes were burning with flames. He walked casually as though leisurely, simultaneously a formless world energy was spread throughout a 1,000km scanning.

“Hm?” His eyes gleamed.

Sou!

He immediately became a beam of light, with his sector lord level 6 strength he almost instantly followed the winding pathways and rushed 1,000km. There, a domain lord level 8 and a universe level 9 youth were carefully proceeding, chatting softly, “Grandpa, we just have to press on for another 2 days and it’ll be a month!”

“Hm, then we’ll be able to join the Virtual Universe company.”

“Who’s there!”

The 2 of them immediately saw a flash flew over, their expressions changed and they fled.

Rumble!

The burning flame fiercely expanded over, engulfing the several km area. The domain lord level 8 old man and universe level 9 youth were instantly burnt to death.

“Hm?” The black horned skinny youth’s burning eyes scanned that universe level 9 youth’s body surroundings, “No cloud contact vine armor?” After which he waved his hand and acquired the space bracelet and ring, scanning them.

“No red tag!”

“Hmph!”

“This universe level 9 isn’t the target the god wants.” The black horned youth shook his head. “I haven’t found the target even after acquiring over 1,000 black tags. I should continue!”

The black horned youth continued to search again, extending his world energy to over 1,000km in area.


Chapter 563: Chase

The chilly breeze howled through the icy pathways, Luo Feng pressed forward at lightning speed through the bone chilling cold.

“Yao!”

“Si!”

Some peculiar noises formed from the wind. Some were so high in frequency that it couldn’t even be heard, but they still pierced right into Luo Feng’s consciousness. Those enticing inaudible noises would occasionally be strong and sometimes weak, Luo Feng’s eyes were focused, taking one step at a time, not affected by these.

“Rumble!”

Almost as though his piercing blade like willpower was hit by a sudden powerful formless wave, causing him to be taken aback.

His body shuddered a little, his expression changed.

“Terrifying, I haven’t let down my guard at all, and this hypnotism power actually rose by a 100 times suddenly.” Luo Feng was shocked within. The wind mixed with the hypnotism seem to combine to form a very powerful combo, causing his solid willpower to slightly tremble.

“The true threats usually come when it seems most safe!”

“Indeed demon notes!”

He squinted his eyes, progressing forward for 1,000km and arrived within a crystal ice like world. Countless layers of ice covered the stone floors, forming a vast and yet beautiful cave, and on the walls were naturally formed beautiful marks all over.

“A total of 816 caves, which do I enter?” Luo Feng gazed about. Suddenly, his gaze landed on a distant octagon shaped cave, he felt something special coming from that deep cave.

“This one.”

Relying solely on his instinct, he swiftly entered through that cave.

…

At that intersection of the 817 caves, there would occasionally be an aboriginal coming from one of the caves before entering yet another.

Half an hour later.

The black horned skinny man walked out of a certain cave, looking at the other 816, frowning, “So many?”

“Hm?”

His gaze landed on the same octagon shaped cave, “This one feels different, I’ll go take a look.”

Sou!

With just one step he had stepped deep into that cave.

The deep cave was 12km wide, with varying heights throughout. The ice that covered the walls formed stalactites from above or even weird and peculiar ice statutes throughout.

The black horned skinny man walked while expanding his world energy up to 1,000km around.

“Domain level 8?”

He frowned, his body became a blur and simultaneously chased over 1000km. Looking at the distant silhouette rushing over, the large bearded white horned middle aged man’s expression changed as he swiftly fled. He shouted, “Flame sector lord, I am from the Mass Star sect…”

Rumble!

The flames burst forth and instantly the surrounding area became a sea of fire, that domain level 8 middle aged man was instantly burnt to death.

“The fact that you know I am Wu Qi means you really cannot live!” The skinny man snorted coldly. “Whether or not I kill my target this time, even if I acquire enough black tags, I still won’t hand them over, I’ll pretend I failed and return. I am afterall a sector lord, I don’t want to be bossed about within the Virtual Universe company!”

There were 2 perspectives of the 9 star ocean warriors.

One of them was to become a strong warrior, joining the Virtual Universe company and exploring the universe. Many didn’t want to simply remain in 9 star ocean.

The second one were the powerful people in 9 star ocean, they didn’t wish to join the Virtual Universe company’s lower levels, only to be ordered about by others.

And the flame sector lord Wu Qi was the latter.

“He has quite a lot of black tags, a total of 726.” The skinny man shook his head. “I didn’t wish to collect them at all and now I’ve already got over 2,000.”

He continued forward!

He casually progressed, however he was still cautious. To him, the most dangerous thing in demon mountain was the demon notes, the legendary terrifying demon notes that even the sector lord pinnacles couldn’t withstand, losing their consciousness in an instant and becoming zombies.

Half an hour later.

“Hm? Universe level?” The skinny man’s eyes gleamed, he immediately used his world energy to scan this new enemy.

“Let’s hope it’s the target.” The sector lord Wu Qi thought, having already failed a hundred times.

Sou!

He instantly shot towards his target.

…

About 1,000km away from the black horned skinny man, in the same vast pathway, Luo Feng continued forwads.

Hua!

The world energy brushed past him, Luo Feng didn’t even seem to realize, pressing forward.

“Luo Feng! World energy just passed you!” Babata who had maintained his scanning mode all this while fiercely shouted within Luo Feng’s consciousness.

“What?” Luo Feng jumped with shock.

“Hurry and go!”

Luo Feng unleashed his movement and instantly fled into the distance, flying swiftly.

Even though he was fleeing, he wasn’t too nervous, because he had encountered a few sector lords these past few days in demon mountain and he had left them in his dust. And sector lords normally didn’t care too much about chasing down a universe level punk, hence he wasn’t really in danger!

“It should be like before, as long as the distance gets far enough, I should be fine.” Luo Feng thought.

“Luo Feng, he’s less than 20km away from you!!!” Babata shouted, “He’s here, he’s caught up!”

Luo Feng turned around fiercely to look.

Rumble!

The black horned man that had turned into a red flame was visible now, he was staring at Luo Feng, his killing intent obvious.

“Damn, is there a need for a sector lord to chase down a universe level?” Luo Feng gritted his teeth.

Shua!

He swapped with the mosha clan in his internal world. Luo Feng had long prepared for such situations, hence when he entered demon mountain earlier, the mosha clan had already taken the shape of his human body, the same black horns, the same silver armor! And it even matched the life energy of his human energy, as it’s natural talent was cloning. Even though they shared the same soul, their life forms were ultimately still different. Hence, the energy they gave off would still be slightly different, hence it had to rely on its cloning technique.

Sou!

The Mosha clansman immediately unleashed the illusionary techniques and its speed exploded!

At the moment of life and death!

He couldn’t care about anything else!

…

The black horned skinny man Wu Qi who had been casually chasing after the universe level 9 that he discovered had one thought in mind, he’d rather kill the wrong target than let him off!

“Ah?”

“He actually discovered me and fled. What a pity, his speed is too slow.” The sector lord Wu Qi happily chased, his casual speed alone was much faster than Luo Feng’s human max speed, very quickly the distance between the both of them reached below 20km, the two of them could see each other.

At that time, Luo Feng instantly changed his bodies.

“He seems to have undergone some change.” Wu Qi thought.

As Luo Feng swapped his bodies with almost zero time lapse, plus the exact similar appearance, dressing, life energy etc. The sector lord had indeed detected a slight change, but he never would have expected…that Luo Feng had already swapped his bodies.

The Mosha clansman! Instantaneous speed explosion!

In terms of maximum speed, the mosha clansman couldn’t compare to the sector lord level 6. However in terms of instantaneous speed, it still far exceeded that of Wu Qi.

Sou!

In an instant, Mosha Luo Feng had already passed 1,000km, disappearing from Wu Qi’s world energy scanning area.

“What? So fast?” Wu Qi changed his expression, “How can a universe level 9 be that fast, at least within 9 star ocean, there’s no such absolute being. To reach such shocking speed, he definitely has some special methods. I believe that he is the target the god wants.”

Wu Qi had already killed many universe level 9s, yet he had never met one so peculiar.

Firstly, he detected him early, and secondly was his speed in fleeing.

This made Wu Qi realize, he could very likely have met the target!

“Chase!”

Rumble!

He became a beam of light and followed the stone pathways swiftly, he madly expanded his world energy to 10,000 km in area, immediately feeling the distant fleeing silhouette. However as the pathways in this cave weren’t straight but curved, he couldn’t keep accelerating.

Just like a 100m race before the Great Nirvana on earth, if one ran in a straight line he could maybe complete it in 10 seconds.

However if it were a S shaped route, with 10 over curves in the 100m race, one definitely couldn’t run at his max speed.

This was just a theory!

Sector lord Wu Qi and Mosha Luo feng both could instantly accelerate and decrease in speed. To make turns under such circumstances, the space genius with extremely high comprehension of the space laws, the Mosha clansman could unleash its greatest strength…instantaneous acceleration!

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

With 3 flashes, he vanished from sector lord Wu Qi’s over 10,000 km in area world energy scanning.

…

“Luckily the pathways were curved. Otherwise I would have to rely on the golden horned beast.” Mosha Luo Feng thought as he fled.

Through Babata’s scanning, he realized the enemy should be sector lord level 6!

Back in Blood River world, the Mosha clansman had used the domain lord level 9 strength to kill Si Yong. Si Yong was a sector lord level 5! However…the battle techniques of Blood River world were average, their spirit weapons were very normal too. Because Blood River world and the Virtual Universe company were after all enemies.

9 star ocean however was different!

9 star ocean was governed properly. Amongst the 9 ancient planets were many sects with undyings with universe ships. Hence in terms of weapons etc, 9 star ocean far exceeded Blood River world.

“For the Mosha Clansman killing Si Yong was already extremely hard.”

“And this punk, sector lord level 6, he probably had undyings teaching him. In terms of technique and law comprehension etc, he should be stronger than Si Yong. No only that, he is also one level stronger than Si Yong. Unless I use the golden horned beast, I would probably have no hope of winning.” Mosha Luo feng flashed time and again, fleeing further and further.

At his max speed, within a minute, he had already rushed out of the vast pathway.

Rumble!

Fleeing at his max speed, Luo Feng fiercely slowed down, he stared hard ahead. There stood an incredibly vast ice forest, with wild beasts 10m, 100m and even 1,000m tall. The smaller ones were at half a meter long, and they could be seen everywhere. With just a glance, there were at least 1,000 of them, of which some had extremely high energies, and even more terrifying than the sector lord behind.

1,000 beasts all seemed to turn simultaneously.

“Howl…”

“Howl…”

Luo Feng stared wide eyed, he didn’t dare proceed or retreat and cursed within. “I’m really unlucky, I felt that this octagon cave was different from the rest. And it really is, by giving me 1,000 beasts at one go!”


Chapter 564: Danger From All Ends

In the vast ice forest, the scenery was beautiful. Different black stone ice formed all sorts of scenery, and within it, lived a group of extremely stupid but very terrifying beasts. Some were big and some were small, and according to their size, they had formed their own territory.

This was completely subconscious.

The 1,000 beast’s weakest was at a universe level, and the strongest was at sector lord pinnacle. Of which those that had reached that level, from Luo Feng’s glance, there were 12 of them. And among the sector lord level 9 beasts, 3 of them were extremely majestic, one of which was 2 km long, like a giant lizard, the scales formed by the ice were clearly visible.

There was another that was humanoid form, and was 800m tall, like a giant automaton puppet beast.

The last one was a bird type beast with 6 ice wings.

These 3 sector lord pinnacle beasts each took up 3 regions of the forests, and around them were large groups of other beasts.

“I’m trapped from both ends, what should I do?” Luo Feng fiercely slowed down, shocked.

“Howl, howl…”

With a glance, within the 1,000km area, the 1000 beasts all slowly and stupidly turned to look at Luo Feng. The closest 100 to the cave entrance didn’t hesitate as they roared, simultaneously flying or running, some flashing, like 10,000 horses’ energy rushing towards him!

Kill!

Killing all beings that weren’t beasts! These beast’s consciousness and intellect were extremely simple. However, it had given countless warriors attempting demon mountain headache, there was no way to not be enemies of them.

Also.

They were a special life form, as they had no soul. Even if they were sliced into thousands or hundreds or pieces, they were still simply ice chunks. However, these special ice chunks were infused with their sole consciousness, who knows where they were actually stored in. Also, soul attacks were completely useless against them.

“Rumble…”

1,000 beasts all rushed at the same time, the ice forest rumbled, and a layer of ice immediately broke apart.

“Damn!” Luo Feng stared and gritted, “I just have to risk it!”

Sou!

He became a beam of light and clashed straight at the oncoming beasts.

Since Luo Feng’s energy aura wasn’t very strong, hence the 100 beasts that were attracted to him, and the strongest among them was only a sector lord level 1 or 2. The rest were either domain lord or universe level. And Luo Feng that became a beam of light, the Mosha clansman’s strongest point was instantaneous acceleration!

Rumble!

Luo Feng clashed with the claw of a universe level 8 or 9 beast.

“Sorry!”

He wielded the blood shadow blade and immediately pierced angrily at this 4 clawed armored beast which was running towards him. The domain level 9 compared to a universe level 8 or 9, the huge difference in power allowed Luo Feng to instantly pierce through this beast. Rumble! Countless ice chunks broke apart and Luo Feng pierced straight into its body.

At the instant he entered its body!

“Change!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Hua!

Black energy engulfed his body instantly and it swiftly gathered and formed a simple and cute ice formed bear! It’s look was completely similar to the 1st beast Luo Feng had killed, only its height was much lower, forming only a 8m tall beast.

“Clone!”

Natural ability…cloning!

Its energy completely matched the bear beast he had killed before, actually most of the beasts had almost identical energies. The only difference was the strength level! Of course…the energy of humans and the beasts were completely different.

…

It may seem slow, in truth from the time Luo Feng reached the ice forest and met the beasts and rushed towards them.

It was like mars hitting earth!

There was a huge explosion!

Countless ice chunks shot in all directions, the ground was littered with all types of ice.

“Howl…” a 8m tall, completely formed ice bear beast with an energy of universe level 3 walked out from the explosion, letting out a low roar.

The 100 other beasts immediately slowed down and swiftly looked for its target, that human.

However, they couldn’t see it!

With intellects even simpler than a cat or dog, they wouldn’t even think about why the human had vanished. The beasts only knew one thing…since they couldn’t find the human, they turned and returned to their old way of life.

Sector lord Wu Qi had become a complete fireball, chasing his target with shocking speed.

“It must be him!”

“Universe level 9 and he was able to detect me early. And as he fled, his speed reached such unbelievable levels! He definitely has some special technique or special treasures. And these are definitely not something the warriors of the 9 star ocean have.” Sector lord Wu Qi’s eyes burned with flames. “It definitely must be the target the god is aiming, only a target that the god wants to kill but cannot kill personally would have such methods!”

Wu Qi naturally understood.

A being that their 1,000 star sect leader had to kneel before and call master, what level of being was that?

And that being herself didn’t dare personally kill this universe level 9 youth. Instead, using the Virtual Universe company allowed rules, she commanded others to do her bidding to kill him in demon mountain. Obviously…that youth’s position must be very high, his background must be special too.

At least terrifying enough for that great being to not mess with!

Understanding was one thing.

But he had no choice, if he didn’t fulfill the task, they would die immediately! Hence he could only do his best to search, and killing within demon mountain was allowed by the Virtual Universe company. He had never heard of…having to pay for killing someone in demon mountain.

“Rumble!” Sector Lord Wu Qi instantly rushed out of the cave entrance and into the ice forest.

“My god!”

He stared.

Within the ice forest, 100 beasts were slowing down, that explosion from the clash before, the ice chunks were still landing on the ground, the 8m tall ice bear was still roaring.

“Hua!”

The hundred beasts along with the other silent beasts in the forest all seem to feel the sector lord’s huge energy, turning simultaneously! 1,000 beasts, almost 99% of them all turned at the same time to look at the terrified sector lord Wu Qi that had slowed down.

“Howl…” The sector lord pinnacle lizard beast let out an earth shaking roar.

Rumble!

It was the first to flash and rush towards Wu Qi!

“Howl…”

Howl…

The other sector lord level beasts under the lizard beast, along with over 1,000 others all roared as they followed their leader, madly rushing towards the human warrior! And the tall human like beasts and bird beasts, as well as the two other sector lord pinnacles simply looked on!

One third of the beasts in the entire ice forests all rushed at sector lord Wu Qi!

“My, my god!”

The sector lord squinted, his face pale, “So many beasts?”

Rumble!

He turned and became a ball of flame, swiftly fleeing back into the caves. As a warrior of 9 star ocean, he was very clear on how terrifying the beasts were. Even though they were stupid, they had no fatal point. Even if they were cut in half, they would continue to attack.

Hence, the same level human and beast, the beast was actually even more terrifying.

Soul attacks were useless!

Even cutting them in half or piercing their heads was useless!

Howl…

The lizard beast was as fast as lightning, he led the way.

The four sector lord level beasts followed behind! And after was the large group of domain lord level beasts howling as they chased.

“Howl…” A cute bear beast followed the large group of over 1,000 beast army, rumbling through the cave and chasing.

That ice bear, its silver eyes glanced about.

“Good.”

“It’s like what I expected, these simple minded beasts have taken me to be one of them. Hehe, my body build, energy etc, is completely like the beasts.” Mosha Luo Feng’s ice bear, within the vast army of beasts, muttered within and followed the group and chased sector lord Wu Qi.

Of course, the main force chasing him was the sector lord pinnacle lizard beast and the 4 other sector lord beasts.

The army behind was purely just following the leader.

…

Sector lord Wu Qi risked his all and madly fled. His world energy was expanded to over 10,000km area, checking on the army behind him.

“How unlucky.”

“I’m only chasing after one universe level 9, and I hit the beast nest.” Over 1,000 beasts, among which, 3 of them were sector lord level 9. “These 3, anyone of them can easily kill me.” Sector lord Wu Qi couldn’t care less about his assassination order, he only knew he had to protect his life.

Sou!

Sou!

Sou!

Through the bends and twists in the pathway, occasionally spacious and sometimes narrow, the sector lord was incredibly nimble as he passed through the bends and accelerated.

Compared to him, the 2km long lizard beast’s running speed was obviously affected more. As the pathways were normally only a few km wide, hence it couldn’t accelerate at its full speed. Because of the pathway before, Wu Qi couldn’t catch up to Luo Feng.

And now.

Because of the same reason, sector lord Wu Qi left the lizard beast behind.

“I’ve lost them!”

“They’ve already left my 10,000km detection area.” Wu Qi let out a sigh of relief as he realized the lizard beast wasn’t within his world energy area. However he still continued to flee, pressing on as he reached the end of the tunnel in one breath…the intersection of 817 caves!

“That universe level 9 was probably killed by the beasts.” Sector lord Wu Qi looked at the octagon cave behind, frowning, “According to the god’s orders, I have to confirm that punk’s identity to consider the mission as a success. However the place he died is within that ice forest!”


Chapter 565: Who?

To confirm Luo Feng’s death, the most important thing was to see the remains of the cloud contact vine, along with the red identification tag.

“If I enter the ice forest and get surrounded by those beasts, I’ll definitely be killed. Much less him.”

“But I have to confirm his identity.”

Sector lord Wu Qi stood at the intersection of the 817 caves, nervous and restless.

What should he do?

Both ways were just as difficult!

“I’ll first enter the virtual universe network to check with the others.” Wu Qi sent a thread of his consciousness into the network swiftly.

Different from Blood River world, the 9 star ocean was an area controlled by the Virtual Universe company. Sector lords and undyings were frequently visiting back from exploring the universe, hence they had stuff such as the virtual universe network along with universe ships etc.

Virtual universe, in an ancient house.

“Bayan, Bayan.”

Sector lord Wuqi sat in the chair, and a screen appeared before him. Very quickly, another black horned man appeared in it, it was the strongest one of the 6 from the 1000 star sect group, sector lord level 9 Bayan.

“Wuqi, why are you looking for me?” Bayan asked on the screen.

“I think I’ve found the target.” Wu Qi’s eyes were burning like flames.

“Ah?” Bayan revealed an expression of glee. This mission was simply like a hot coal in hands, they were very clear that the background of their target wasn’t simple, however they had no choice about it. If Wu Qi had killed the target, naturally Bayan would be extremely happy, he quickly asked, “Have you confirmed?”

“There is no way to.” Wu Qi shook his head.

“Why?” Bayan was suspicious.

“It’s this way, I discovered a universe level 9 before.” Sector lord Wu Qi began to explain the entire story .

Bayan was silent for awhile.

“You are wrong!” Bayan said.

“Wrong, where have I been wrong? Even I almost died, hence that universe level 9 would definitely have died. And to have been able to escape from me…he definitely isn’t from 9 star ocean.” Wu Qi was very confident.

“Yes, indeed it’s very likely he isn’t from 9 star ocean.” Bayan said. “However Wu Qi, you’ve forgotten one point. This demon mountain would very frequently have high valued beings from the Virtual Universe company. These beings, are all universe level 9s, all with many of their own methods. You’ve indeed met one out of the ordinary, however, it may not necessarily be the target. It might very likely have been another of these beings.”

“Ah…” Wu Qi was stunned.

Yes.

Bayan was right, there were many high status universe level 9s that explored demon mountain, not just one.

“Then what should I do?” Wu Qi frowned. “Should I wait at the cave entrance for a chance or continue searching.”

“This way, you stay there and guard first.” Bayan said. “After awhile, you can sneak back into the cave…get close to the ice forest, carefully hide your energy and you shouldn’t be discovered. Check carefully whether there’s a cloud contact vine remains. I think those stupid beasts shouldn’t have destroyed the remains.”

Wu Qi pondered for awhile before nodding.

Within the vast pathway.

The huge lizard beast, after discovering the human sector lord had vanished and chased for 100s of thousands of km to no avail, stopped.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

After awhile, the 3 sector lord beasts behind slowed down too and stopped behind the lizard beast.

“Howl…” The lizard beast raised its head and howled, causing the entire pathway to tremble.

“Howl…” The other 4 sector lord beasts raised their heads and howled too.

After which the lizard beast turned and started to return, the other 4 sector lord beast followed suit. When they were chasing the human before they were extremely fast, however they casually ran back, using only one third of their speed before.

“What’s going on?”

“Returning?”

One member of the vast army, that 8m tall cute ice bear looked around. It saw that all the beast stopped running, there were many types of them, and they all followed the leading lizard beast and returned.

Even though the lizard beast and the other sector lord beasts were returning, the over thousand other beasts weren’t completely uniform.

Most of them started to return.

Only a small group of them continued to walk about slowly, with about 10 of them continuing down the pathway, heading towards where the sector lord had fled to.

Their thought process was extremely simple.

Just like a group of little chickens running amok, most of them would run together but some would still leave the group.

“No wonder I met a single one earlier.” The ice bear Luo Feng pondered, carefully observing the happenings about. “The beasts enjoy being in a group and community. However there would occasionally be some dumb enough to leave the group.”

“Who knows whether the sector lord has died or not!”

“If he’s dead I can leave this path. If he hasn’t died, he probably would have left far away, I would still be able to leave the same way.”

The ice bear slowly followed the 10 or so other beast and headed in the direction of where the sector lord fled.

The ice bear would occasionally run and then stroll.

The other 10 beasts too would occasionally use their huge ice bodies to nudge the ice bear.

…

Moving with the 10 beasts, the ice bear ran for awhile, leaving them behind.

Only then did it began to accelerate towards the cave entrance.

After awhile…

“Luo Feng, I’ve scanned world energy ripples! It’s that sector lord from before.”

The running ice bear naturally slowed down, deliberately using its body to knock into the ice walls beside, after proceeding forward a little more, he turned and headed back instead.

…

“There are beasts?” The black horned skinny man at the intersection of the 817 caves frowned, after which he let out a sigh of relief, “A universe level 3 beast.”

“So stupid, using its body to knock into the ice walls?”

“Seems stupid.”

He was too lazy to go kill a beast.

And Wu Qi was still afraid from before, he was afraid that the commotion caused from killing this beast would attract even more.

“Hm, it’s returning.”

“That’s right, return to your nest.” Sector lord Wu Qi smiled, that beast had already turned and left his world energy area.

…

Within the ice pathways, the ice bear slowly walked and as it left the world energy area.

“Luo Feng, we’ve already left the world energy area.”

“Phew.”

The ice bear’s eyes had a hint of vigor, “I didn’t expect the sector lord to stick around.”

“I was 10,003km away from the 817 cave intersection. According to the distance, I deduce that the sector lord could very likely be hiding at the intersection. This is just an assumption.” Babata communicated via consciousness. “That area is very safe, the moment he discovers any beast that tried to follow him, he can immediately head into another cave. I think the beasts too wouldn’t be able to guess which cave he headed into. However he hasn’t left, making me suspect…”

“Suspect what?” Luo Feng asked.

“The beasts are terrifying, that sector lord is very clear on that. Him staying at the intersection, even though it’s safe, there would still be the chance of beasts chasing out! The safest way is to leave far away. But he hasn’t done that!”

“He’s not collecting tags in demon mountain but standing guard there.”

“Plus, he tried so hard to kill you before, I have to suspect…that his true aim is you Luo Feng.” Babata said.

“It’s me?”

Luo Feng frowned, remembering all that happened earlier.

Indeed, this sector lord was on high alert at the cave entrance, not daring to relax. If it weren’t for killing him, there was no need for him to be on such high alert there.

“Why would he want to kill me?” Luo Feng frowned.

For the aboriginals to join the Virtual Universe company, one way was to stay in demon mountain for a month, and the other way was to collect 1,000 black tags or 1 red tag. However with a sector lord level 9’s strength, collecting 1,000 black tags or staying 1 month there was very simple. There was no need to stand guard at the cave at all.

“Even if he suspects you are the one from the Virtual Universe company, there’s no need for him to kill you. Because, killing you wouldn’t do good for him in the Virtual Universe company in the future. Also, he has no need to.”

“I deduce that…”

“Someone wants you dead or wants one of the other two from the company dead!” Babata said.

“Wants me dead?” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

According to the information.

There were a total of 3 core members that had entered demon mountain.

“His target should be one of you 3.” Babata was very sure. “And it’s hard to say whether the other 2 entered demon note mountain. Hence, the chances of his true target being you should reach up to 50%.”

“50%? Who would want to kill me? Who have I offended?” Luo Feng frowned.

“At times, some people you don’t even know may want to kill you. At other times, you don’t even know when you’ve offended others.” Babata said. “I’ve followed your teacher for over 60 million years, I’ve seen too many mutual deceptions. I advise you to be very careful. This demon mountain exploration isn’t that simple.

“Understood.” The ice bear let out a low roar and began to return to the ice forest.

…

As the ice walls of the pathway were simply too thick, even though the surface layer could be split and broken, the several km thick rock layer behind couldn’t be broken through.

Even a sector lord warrior had to flee with all his might, with no way to break through. It meant one thing…that this majestic mountain’s black rock was extremely sturdy.

After a while.

The ice bear slowly returned to the ice forest. Within the vast forest, the beasts all lived quietly, and the ice bear Luo Feng didn’t arouse any suspicion from the rest at all.

Howl…

A 600m long domain lord level 9 flying beast lay on the ice layer, it casually flapped its ice wings and it knocked the ice bear that was just walking past to fall and roll about. Only then did the ice bear stupidly stand back up again.

In this ice forest beast nest, the ice bear passed through many of the beasts, continuing forward.

“There’s actually no way to head out from here, I can only see if there’s another exit in this forest.” Luo Feng thought.

The ice bear slowly progressed, occasionally letting out a low roar.


Chapter 566: Death Trap

The wild beasts groups in the ice mountain area was divided into 3.

The lizard beast, the giant human beast and the bird beast. These 3 sector lord pinnacles governed the 3 groups. The ice bear Luo Feng walked about slowly and stupidly, similar to the others. After over 3 hours, he had completely walked about the beast area.

“Damn!”

Ice bear Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief, glancing back at the vast ice forest in which the beasts lived.

“I’ve finally walked out of the beast group area.” Only then did he relax. The initially stupid ice bear’s eyes gleamed as he looked ahead.

The path ahead was still a vast ice forest.

Occasionally he would see one or two stray beasts.

“Since there’s no way to return with that sector lord guarding that other route. I can only proceed forward!” Ice Bear Luo Feng occasionally ran and slowed down. At this time, he couldn’t see any other beasts about, and before him was a vast endless ice forest.

This ice forest was endless!

He continued as the ice bear.

“Ang!”

Howl!

The demon note was sometimes strong and weak, invading his soul, and hypnotizing his consciousness. The moment one succumbed to it, he would become a zombie.

“This is troublesome.” Ice bear Luo Feng slowed down, and his silver eyes filled with a hint of worry. “The deeper I get into the ice forest the stronger the occasional demon note.”

Chi!

The formless and noiseless demon note invaded his soul.

Ice bear Luo Feng slightly trembled.

“The strength of this demon note, even normal sector lord level 3 would be immediately controlled.” Luo Feng was shocked within. According to the Fantasy ocean’s islands and information, he could roughly gauge the levels of willpower and consciousness. In terms of willpower alone, he was comparable to a normal undying.

Only his consciousness was still weak, hence he was stuck at the 10th island.

And the demon note…

Didn’t have any consciousness pressure, just hypnotism! Hence Luo Feng was more proficient in withstanding it. This was the reason for him to choose the demon note mountain.

“Mi!”

A peculiar sound pierced into his soul, immediately millions of illusions appeared, wave after wave of hypnotism started. Just to go through all of these would take countless years.

“Break!”

His extreme level willpower had no compromise, he completely broke through all the illusions!

Sou!

The ice bear became a black energy flow, the formless energy took the shape of a human and finally formed the black horned youth again. He was already 100 km away from where he first discovered the beasts. Plus he hadn’t seen another beast in over 100,000 km, hence he returned to human form.

Swap!

He swapped back to his earth body, it was best he didn’t reveal the mosha body too much.

Luo Feng looked at the side of the ice mountain. “The demon note from earlier, even sector lords 6 or 7 wouldn’t be able to take it.”

“How strange.” Luo Feng frowned. “It’s been awhile since I entered demon note mountain, however most of the demon notes in the caves are mostly weak. Even universe levels can take it. Occasionally they could hypnotize a universe level, only very few reach up to the domain lord level. As for the sector lord level demon notes…they rarely appear!”

Looking at the vast ice forest ahead.

Luo Feng frowned, as it felt extremely peculiar. Within this ice forest…the demon note strength was too terrifying. Looking at the situation, the deeper he went…the demon notes he encountered would occasionally get stronger. If this went on, he was afraid the next one would be at the sector lord pinnacle level! Any stronger…

It would even be able to hypnotize an undying.

At that time, Luo Feng didn’t have the confidence to withstand it.

“Do I continue?” Luo Feng pondered.

“Go!”

Luo Feng gritted his teeth, his eyes gleaming. “I’m very clear of my own limits, this current demon note is still far from my threshold! I want to see…just how strong the demon note in this ice forest gets!”

He continued on!

…

As he progressed, the demon note was sometimes stronger than others, however as a whole, it was indeed stronger than before.

After about 100,000 km.

“That demon note earlier is the most terrifying since I entered demon note mountain. It should be able to hypnotize even sector lord pinnacles.” Luo Feng gritted his teeth, his eyes squinting, his gaze was like a blade, piercing forward.

One’s eyes were the windows to the soul.

Obviously Luo Feng was already on high alert, his willpower and consciousness were condensed to their limit!

“Still quite far from my threshold.”

He continued on, maintaining his caution, and not daring to get careless.

After walking another 2,000km or so, he reached the end of the vast ice forest. Ahead were 3 familiar spacious pathways.

“Cave pathways?”

“The ice forest is over?” Luo Feng smiled, somewhat curious, “This ice forest has such strong demon notes. Are there no other secrets?”

He turned around and glanced at the 100km of ice forest, feeling that there should be something else special within.

“I’ll randomly pick one.”

Luo Feng walked towards center of the 3 pathways. This one was close to 20km wide, and 7 to 8 km tall. Compared to it, Luo Feng was a small dot. Like an ant walking within a human’s walkway. When Luo Feng reached 10m before the entrance, he took one step and stepped through.

Rumble…

An unbelievable terrifying swallowing strength generated from the cave’s entrance. The surrounding space became a visible energy whirlpool, as the ground’s ice layer itself was ripped up from below and sucked into the cave. Luo Feng couldn’t react in time!

Sou!

His entire being was sucked straight into the cave! Like a huge mouth swallowing anything that came close!

“Damn, what is this?” Luo Feng stared.

“Clang!”

While he was being swallowed, a noiseless demon note pierced straight into his consciousness. Like a huge copper pot clanging about, in an instant he felt his consciousness and willpower drift almost like a small boat in a tidal storm. Each wave after wave made it feel like the boat was about to capsize.

Sou!

Because of the demon note’s interference, Luo Feng was at the brink of collapse, he couldn’t care about anything else, his entire being got sucked in…

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi!

From his arms thick and powerful dark red vines extended fiercely. The vines either pierced deep into the ice walls or clung on to the entrance of the cave. Countless leaves extended into the ground surface with more vines extending as quick as lightning out!

The cave’s width was about 20km.

As for the domain lord level 9 cloud contact vine, every vine alone far exceeded this little distance, almost like a big octopus with many tentacles, madly heading towards the entrance of the cave.

The strength of the plant life form was unbelievable.

“Rumble…” The terrifying swallowing strength made even the cloud contact vine, at full strength began to rip apart at its vines.

Pa! Pa! Pa!

The thick vines tore apart! The leaves that penetrated the ice layer too were plucked apart!

“My god!”

The demon note came and went fast.

Luo Feng quickly regained his consciousness, seeing the vines start to break apart, he immediately roared within, “Swap!”

Sou!

His earth body immediately became the mosha clasnman, and the mosha clasnman had already become a 30cm long, 6cm wide shuttle, it had 2 horns, it was round in the middle and smooth.

As the shuttle’s size was much smaller than a normal human body, and because of its build, it made the swallowing strength several hundred times less compared to the human body before.

“Sou!”

The favored of space mosha clansman, with only 1/100th of the swallowing strength acting on it, finally broke through and flew out of the cave.

…

When the mosha shuttle was over 100m away from the cave, the terrifying swallowing strength instantly vanished.

Hua!

The shuttle became a black energy and formed a human body.

Luo Feng stared at the center of the 3 caves, recalling the scene before, trembling from within.

“Instantly attacked by the demon note, I could only withstand it with all my might. Normal sector lord pinnacles wouldn’t be able to withstand it. And that swallowing strength…only after the mosha changed form and used its proficiency in the space laws was I able to escape.” Luo Feng looked at the cave ahead, filled with fear.

If he was swallowed in, what would have happened?

Who knows!

“Luo Feng!” Only now did Babata’s voice resound, “That was a typical death trap within a universe secret region.”

“What death trap?” Luo Feng asked.

“In the vast universe, the most peculiar and mysterious are the secret regions. These regions are all special occurrences that evolve from the primal universe, forming many different regions. All these regions are never the exact same. And the danger levels are different too!”

“The forms of danger are different too!”

“Some are obvious dangers, even though terrifying, but it’s still good that way.”

“Some however have obscure dangers, seemingly safe yet the danger suddenly occurs. Just like the cave ahead, this demon note mountain has trillions of pathways, the rest are all safe. Only when you enter one without defense, then the swallowing strength will suddenly hit you with the demon note! I dare say…within that cave, there are even more dangerous things.” Babata said, “This sudden danger, without any chance to prepare or defend, make these considered death traps.”

“Who knows how many undyings!”

“How many geniuses with bright futures!”

“How many great beings have fallen in the death traps!” Babata said.

Luo Feng was shocked.

He suddenly remembered his teacher True Yan who spoke of an absolute genius that was able to kill an Official level undying when he was sector lord pinnacle. However, that absolute genius finally still fell within a secret region.

“Even though the absolute beginning region was controlled by the Virtual Universe company, there are still some special places that even they cannot fully control.” Babata said. ” Just like the Blood River world, and the depths of this demon note mountain, they are like that! You need to be extremely careful. Back when I followed your teacher, I’ve seen too many such situations, too many warriors dying like this. These death traps…some carry huge treasure troves, but some are truly dead ends!”

Luo Feng nodded.

After which he turned to look at the left and right caves.

“I cannot head back. That sector lord is standing guard!”

“Ahead of me, there are 3 caves, among which I cannot enter the middle one.. But, which of the other two should I go to?”


Chapter 567: Domain level 9 Opponent

With 3 paths ahead and no way back, Luo Feng once again became a shuttle shape and tried the cave on the left.

“Ah?”

“There’s no swallowing energy, and no such terrifying demon note.” The flying shuttle within the cave flew a 100,000 km in one breath, finally reaching the end of the cave. Ahead were 38 other caves, simultaneously there were 3 bodies.

“Someone has already been here.”

“Looks quite safe.” The shuttle returned to human shape. Surely he couldn’t simply just fly around in that form, if he were to be seen by others they’d be shocked.

3 days later.

In his earth body in the black horned youth shape, Luo Feng carefully progressed, and he felt relaxed within though.

Ever since he entered the left cave after leaving the ice forest, he hadn’t met such a precarious situation, and everything was very normal. Just like when he first entered demon note mountain, he would occasionally meet another warrior or a lone beast, and the demon note wasn’t that strong.

“It seems like the ice forest area was indeed special.” Luo Feng recalled the episode from before. “The deeper I went into the forest, the stronger the demon note, until the end of it. There I encountered the swallowing cave and the strong demon note….after that, there hasn’t been any danger.”

That cave was an end point.

“I still feel that cave had some secret behind it.” Luo Feng thought so.

“What are you thinking about? That swallowing cave from the ice forest?” Babata’s voice resounded.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“I knew you’d think about it, right! Danger often accompanies miracles…these death traps are very terrifying. The dangers will hit wave after wave, however if you survive it, you might get a shocking reward.” Babata said. “This is also why many great beings enjoy exploring secret regions.”

“However, you have to know your limits.”

“The number of treasure troves the universe has produced is countless, however many absolute beings have all fallen to these places.” Babata said. “Your strongest golden horned beast hasn’t even stepped into the sector lord level. And you wish to try these death traps? Even undyings have fallen. As for you, your death percentage is over 99%, unless you are truly just simply lucky.”

Luo Feng awoke.

The entrance alone was that terrifying, he probably wouldn’t be able to deal with and take what was inside.

“You can only do as much as how strong you are! If you are greedy, you will die.”

Luo Feng looked at the endless cave head of him. The cold permeated his body, he couldn’t help but feel tiny, compared to the many mysteries of the vast universe, his power was simply too weak and small. Even undyings fell all the time, he was only an ant compared to the undying.

“Hard work!”

“Only after becoming a true absolute warrior, one of the many in the vast universe, will I be able to control my own fate and protect my family and home.” Luo Feng took a deep breath, “Onwards!”

…

Within the depths of the cave.

A skinny 2.6m tall bamboo like man with 2 long silver horns on his head was present. He almost looked like a mountain goat, and he seemed cold and old. As he lay on one of the ice sculptures by the side, his eyes gleamed with gold light, as his nose releasing comfortable snorts.

“Harder, harder.”

There were two aboriginal youths, one with crossed legs, another one was massaging the shoulders of that old man. Beside them stood 12 either clean cut, or handsome, or simple looking or brave looking youths. There were universe levels and domain lords.

“Hm.”

The skinny goat like old man opened his eyes and smiled at the crossed legged universe level youth before him, “Come here.”

“Elder.” That universe level youth cleared his throat.

“The elder asks for you.” A domain lord level man beside ordered. That universe level youth approached nervously. The old man smiled, extending his skinny hand and grabbing the youth’s, complimenting him, “Youth sure is a different thing.” The universe level youth seemed completely uncomfortable all over, he shuddered and quickly retracted.

“Interesting.” The skinny old man smiled. His powerful world energy pressured that youth, almost like a rope binding him, leaving him unable to move at will, he dragged the youth before him.

“Just kill me, kill me.” That universe level youth suddenly shouted out, tears flowing from his eyes.

“Brave, if you are truly brave, you can kill yourself.” The old man suddenly turned and looked into the distant cave. There a black horned youth was walking, he suddenly stopped.

The two of them had a distance of 100km.

However at this time, they could clearly see each other.

“Hm, hehe…another universe level 9 punk, with an alert gaze, reserved, and firm. I can’t even feel a sense of fear? Prized goods are what I like the most.” The skinny old man smiled. “Kamulu, personally go and catch him for me.”

“Yes teacher.”

Besides, the strongest domain level 9 man respectfully complied and became a beam of light shooting forward.

…

Luo Feng saw the distant skinny old man, especially the energy he emitted, feeling danger, “Sector lord, about level 6 or 7.”

Flee!

Luo Feng turned and fled!

“Whoever my elder likes, don’t think of escaping.” The silver horned man’s silhouette was like lightning, swiftly chasing, “Little punk, relax. My elder won’t kill you, he’ll take care of you!”

Luo Feng’s expression changed, his goosebumps stood up.

Perverted!

A punk that liked guys.

In the universe, with trillions of races, there were many that liked men. However the majority of the races in humanity still favored the men and women path…that was the main path! And those that liked men, even though Luo Feng felt uncomfortable with it, he didn’t bother himself with it. However now that it was right before him, how could he not be taken aback?

“Haha, Luo Feng, I didn’t expect you to meet such a situation.” Babata said.

“That perverted old man.” Luo Feng cursed, “Seeing the universe level 9 youth besides him, he should be one of those captured by him, sick.”

Sou!

Behind him the domain level 9 silver horned man swiftly chased.

Hence, even though their initial distance was over 100km, with the chasing, it immediately became a few thousand km.

“Don’t resist, otherwise I might hurt you unintentionally. When that happens, the elder will be upset.” The silver horned man immediately rushed towards Luo Feng.

“Go and die!” Luo Feng’s eyes were cold.

Sou!

He swapped his bodies and instantly the mosha clan took Luo Feng’s appearance. Because of this his goosebumps were already standing, hence he was too lazy to use his human body to kill him, his earth body relied on the cloud contact vine, even though he was able to kill a domain level 9, it would still be troublesome and take awhile.

For the Mosha clansman, it was much simpler!

Sou!

Illusionary techniques!

Luo Feng instantly reached behind the black horned man and his blade flashed!

Chi!

It cut right through his chest and split apart the armor, and split right through through the life core. The silver horned man stared wide eyed. “This, this…” The originally weak opponent had vanished and killed him, while he couldn’t defend at all.

“Sick.” Luo Feng glanced at the body, he flashed and fled.

…

The old man lay there frowning, “Hm, “Why hasn’t Kamulu returned?”

“Teacher, maybe that universe level 9 refuses to submit and senior has to use some strength.” Another domain lord level youth beside said.

“Hmph.”

The old man gave a low snort, he extended his world energy a bit more, until it reached the body of the silver horned man.

Rumble! The goat like old man’s eyes raged, he waved his hand violently and the universe level youth he was toying with earlier immediately exploded, becoming a mess of meat and flesh. This scared the rest of them as they dodged far away.

“My Kamulu, whoever killed you!!!”

“I will kill him!!!”

The old man roared and instantly became a beam of light, extending his world energy out. However with Mosha Luo Feng’s speed, he had long fled from the cave, how would the old man be able to find him?

Luo Feng had fled 1 million km away, through 7 pathways before he finally stopped.

“Even though I’ve heard and seen before. However these warriors that favor men…actually tried to catch me, truly sick.” Luo Feng glanced back. “My strength still isn’t sufficient, if I have to unleash the golden horned beast. This cave however is only a few tens of km wide, with the golden horned beast’s shocking length….it wouldn’t be able to move properly at all.”

“Forget it.”

He shook his head, he couldn’t be bothered to think of it anymore.

If he had the strength, he would definitely retaliate and kill him.

…

Half a day later.

Luo Feng sat on the ice to rest, sending a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network, playing with his wife and children. Primal chaos city’s 30 years training (Actual universe 100 years), plus Blood River world’s 80 years, the many years had huge changes within Luo Feng’s family.

“Luo Feng, 19.2 km ahead, there’s a domain lord level 9 man progressing.” Babata’s voice resounded.

Luo Feng’s thread of consciousness immediately returned to reality.

He looked up ahead.

Very quickly, a domain lord level 9 man’s silhouette appeared, his body was short and tough, with a couple of black horns.

“Another domain lord level 9?” Luo Feng shook his head.

“Hm?” 10 or so km in the distance, the short man saw Luo Feng, his eyes seem to gleam with ferocity.


Chapter 568: E9 Laser Gun

“Universe level 9?” the short man Pa Tuo looked at the black horned youth ahead of him, immediately smiling coldly, “Punk, it’s just your bad luck that you met me!”

Pa Tuo.

He was one of the 6 from the 1,000 star sect, one of the Official 6 that Po Yu picked, amongst which 3 of them were sector lords and the other 3 were domain lords level 9. He even gave them those items… the 3 E9 grade laser guns for the domain lords. Obviously, Po Yu’s hopes were on the 3 domain lords, and Pa Tuo was one of those 3.

These past few days, he had been very careful. His only worry was entering a dangerous spot and being hypnotized.

Simultaneously.

All this while, he had been randomly slaughtering many universe levels and domain lords. The moment he met a sector lord however he would flee. However, because one actually chased him down, he didn’t hesitate to use the E9 laser on him. It’s power was terrifying, instantly killing the sector lord.

“Even sector lords who meet me would die.”

“The feeling of having this laser sure is thrilling. It’s a pity that I can only use it for a short time. When I leave demon note mountain I would have to return it to the god.” Pa Tuo couldn’t bear to. He was very clear about the value of the laser gun. Even if he sold his entire fortune, he wouldn’t even get a hundredth of it!

Pa Tuo laughed coldly at the black horned youth ahead.

“Punk, if you want to blame anybody, blame the god!”

Sou!

He became a beam of lightning and rushed at Luo Feng, ready to begin his 762nd kill in demon note mountain.

…

Luo Feng, who was walking along the cold ancient cave saw the distant short man. “Domain lord level 9? No threat! Hm? He’s actually rushing over. If you had any warrior honor and didn’t try to bully a universe level 9, I wouldn’t even try to kill you. However now, don’t blame me…”

Luo Feng’s mental state was just as before.

He never placed a domain lord level 9 as a threat. Afterall the cloud contact vine was already domain lord level 9.

“Rumble!”

Luo Feng stomped on the ground and the condensed ice layer split with cracks, he rushed towards the short man.

“Clang!”

He brandished his blade!

…

“Haha, a universe level 9 punk actually making a move against me.” Pa Tuo’s eyes flashed with coldness. His body engulfed in lightning, he wielded an arc blade, instantly reaching before Luo Feng and the blade became a demonic blood and green colored moonlight.

Hua!

The light flashed at Luo Feng’s head.

“Good bladework.” Luo Feng smiled. His body floated and he actually got 2 to 3m close to Pa Tuo, the blade flashed gorgeously.

Illusionary 7 blades…Dutchman’s pipe.

“Dang!”

As the 2 blades clashed, the originally confident and smiling manically Pa Tuo suddenly changed his expression. He felt an unbelievable force when their blades had clashed! Such a force that even he a domain lord level 9 couldn’t withstand, his arm went numb.

“How can that be?”

“He, he…” Pa Tuo’s thoughts immediately erupted within. “He’s only a universe level 9, how can his blade be so strong!”

Domain level 9 and universe level 9.

The difference was an entire level!

Quantity wise, it would be about 1,000 times in difference. In theory, just a single attack should have destroyed him.

“There’s definitely no such sick person within 9 star ocean. Don’t tell me he’s a person with background from the Virtual Universe company?” Pa Tuo’s mind was filled with thoughts. From what he knew, only an assisting life form would be able to help a universe level 9 explode with such power.

Assisting metal life form, plant life form, energy life form etc, these could be equipped.

The moment they were equipped, it allowed the user to unleash extraordinary power.

“Don’t tell me he’s the target of the god, the reason behind his strength is because of the cloud contact vine?” Pa Tuo suppressed his glee within, “Even if it wasn’t because of the cloud contact vine, he definitely has some assisting life form! Within demon note mountain, there are extremely few people with such background. The chances of him being the target is extremely high.”

“Kill!”

“I’ll use the laser to kill him!”

…

As the two of them clashed with their blades, many thoughts flashed within Pa Tuo’s mind. He instantly decided to use the E9 grade laser on him. Because from what he saw, even if this wasn’t the target, he was still some big figure.

The 1st thing to do was to create some distance: “Hurry and create distance!”

“Dang! Dang! Dang!”

The moment Luo Feng drew close, with the movement of the dutchman’s pipe, he became extremely terrifying.

The close flashes of the blade were indeed heavy. Pa Tuo wanted to dodge and flee but Luo Feng’s blade was simply too terrifying. Hence, he couldn’t afford to be distracted.

In the blink of an eye, the both of them had already exchanged 10 clashes.

“Chi!”

Both of them were separated.

As Pa Tuo retreated, he let out a sigh of relief. “I’ve finally found a chance to flee. This punk’s bladework is like a madman, slashing at super close distance, it’s just madness.”

Luo Feng however was shocked within. “The cloud contact vine is afterall an assisting life form, adding to my strength when I equip it. However, the strength is after all not mine. When I use it, it’s obvious that I cannot use it perfectly. Even my bladework cannot reach the pinnacle effect, otherwise when he fled earlier he would at least be injured!”

A thought simply flashed through his mind.

“You wish to flee?” Luo Feng roared as he rushed forward, “Dream on!”

Pa Tuo became a beam of light swiftly creating distance, smiling manically at Luo Feng.

“Hmph!”

With the cloud contact vine equipped he couldn’t fly as fast. Luo Feng frowned, he waved his hand and 18 thin vines extended from his arm. They grew longer and got thicker. The 18 dark red vines instantly became 10m thick, like 18 terrifying pythons, and on them were several leaves and thinner vines. They headed towards the domain lord level 9 fighter Pa Tuo!

“Die!” Luo Feng couldn’t be bothered to chase.

“Haha, it’s indeed you!!!” While fleeing, Pa Tuo let out a mad laugh. As the 18 thick vines madly rushed over, he brandished an automaton device!

It was a pure silver white item, from a glance, it was like a small cannon.

The barrel had reached a startling 1m!

Its length was 3m, and on it was an energy channel, along with a handle, a little thing that could be operated with one hand. This automaton weapon was obviously much more exquisite and delicate than Luo Feng’s star annihilator, which was a single person’s weapon. However the quality and fear generated from its barrel, the automaton weapon was that terrifying.

“Di!”

There was a warning light on the back groove of the weapon, and the light was already bright red. Obviously it was activated the moment Pa Tuo had taken it out!

…

Luo Feng used the cloud contact vine, its thick vines were like thick pythons wrapping towards the opponent. The automaton weapon the opponent brandished however made him stunned.

“What’s that?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Laser gun?

It wasn’t that he hadn’t seen a laser gun before. Back in the world within a world he had seen one, however the construct was obviously different.

“Flee!!!”

“Luo Feng! Danger!” At the instant the laser gun appeared, Babata’s piercing voice resounded within Luo Feng’s mind. “That’s an automaton E9 grade laser gun, and it’s the xth series E9 grade. A top class E9 laser gun, which is able to prepare within a short 0.1 seconds. The moment it’s ready, it can instantly unleash a terrifying laser! Even E9 grade alloy materials would instantly be pierced, normal sector lord level 9s without special items would instantly die!”

Luo Feng’s heart suddenly twitched!

His hairs were all standing!

He stared wide eyed!

He stared at the opponent’s automaton metal object. That, that is actually an E9 grade laser gun?

A sense of fear he had never felt before caused his soul to tremble. Even when he met a sector lord before, he had never been such a precarious situation. Even back in the swallowing cave, even if he was swallowed in, he didn’t know if he would die from that. Hence he never felt such fear before!

At this time!

It was a true life or death moment!

The moment the E9 laser gun fired, his 3 bodies, the domain lord level 9 mosha clan and the golden horned beast wouldn’t be able to withstand it. As his body’s strength were far from sufficient! Naturally the golden horned beast was huge, as long as it didn’t hit any vital spots there was still hope of survival.

However the cave as too small, its body was too huge and couldn’t even appear within!

And to dodge that laser with speed?

That was even more unrealistic, because even the fastest of the 3, the Mosha clansman, at its maximum speed, was still very far from light speed. And the instantaneous speed was even further from its own max speed! The laser shot from the gun would instantly reach the limit of the actual universe…light speed!

In such close distance, locked on!

Light speed shot!

One’s consciousness wouldn’t even be able to react, how could he possibly dodge?

Chi!

Chi!

The domain lord level 9 fighter wielded the E9 grade laser gun, another with the arc blade flashing and dodging and knocking away the cloud contact vine. Even though the cloud contact vine was powerful, it was after all still domain lord level 9. In terms of level it was the same with this fighter, and the opponent was purely defending and dodging.

The cloud contact vine may be able to kill the opponent, but to kill him within 0.1 seconds was simply unrealistic.

“Di!”

The thick laser gun’s warning light turned from red to green.

0.1 seconds had passed!

Storing complete!

While being chased by the thick vines, Pa Tuo’s expression was struggling. Suddenly, he stopped and faced the barrel straight at Luo Feng. This pinnacle automaton device, the E9 grade laser gun automatically targeted the distant Luo Feng.

“Go and die!” Pa Tuo laughed manically and immediately pushed the button.


Chapter 569: Threat of Destruction

“There’s no other way!”

“I can only risk it all!” Luo Feng’s eyebrows were burning. His eyes filled with madness, “Babata, take out the automaton ship!”

“Understood!” Babata didn’t dare hesitate.

Rumble!

A 1,200m tall silver white pyramid appeared in mid air. In times of such danger, this majestic automaton ship blocked Luo Feng within the frozen cave.

“Hahaha…” Pa Tuo laughed madly, pressing the button!

A glaring light speed E9 laser shot out of the gun. It was extremely glaring, and just the energy alone was higher temperature than a normal star. If it were a normal person seeing it, he would instantly go blind.

Chichichi…

The thick red vines that were blocking, were like tofu being shot through immediately! They didn’t have any chance to block it at all!

“Rumble!”

The super laser hit the body of the automaton ship. This entire ship was made of a peculiar silver white alloy. When the terrifying laser that had enough power to pierce through a planet hit, immediately… chichichi, a dent appeared in the surface of the pyramid, almost like the surface of the alloy was melted. Simultaneously, light flowed continuously throughout the surface of the pyramid, that light energy seemed to be quickly absorbed by the ship.

This automaton ship was a ship ridden by an automaton undying!

It’s body material was made from a pinnacle E grade. This was more perfect than any built by humanity, and it also had auto regeneration! The surface of the ship could absorb attacks. It could be said that…as an e grade pinnacle ship, with its absorption and regeneration abilities.

Unless an undying decided to attack it, nothing else could present a threat to this ship.

Of course Luo Feng had suddenly brought it out without anytime to prepare its energy shield, if the shield was active, it would be even safer.

…

Even though it didn’t pierce through the ship, however…not piercing through was even more terrifying!

Because light was formed from light particles.

And the mass of light particles wasn’t zero! Accurately speaking, light was also a matter. Because normally, light along with the weaker lasers, as long as the particles do not gather and condense together, the mass usually isn’t that huge! However…this was a beam capable of piercing a planet!

A beam capable of killing a sector lord level 9 warrior!

The particles contained in this beam were too huge. Although every particle was extremely light, lighter than a feather, however…when trillions of them gathered together, they had enough power to pierce a planet. Hence, to kill a sector lord level 9, the mass of this beam was terrifying.

“Rumble!”

The beam that was extremely hot and heavy hit the ship but didn’t pierce through!

Hence, the powerful force created by the beam…

Caused the entire automaton ship to immediately fly backwards!

…

The lasers built on earth back then were mostly relying on high temperatures to kill beasts. And the laser guns in the universe etc, as their powers got stronger, tens of thousands, hundreds of millions to trillions of times…continuously rising, resulted in the lasers not only having high temperatures but with high physical force!

Normal laser shots would produce a cavity.

However since the automaton ship blocked it physically, it lead to the ship enduring the entire physical force!

…

As it got hit, it swiftly followed the direction of the shot and flew in that direction!

Just like a billiard ball, after getting hit, it would shoot in the same direction.

The ship was flung in the direction of the laser, and as the laser was originally locked onto Luo Feng, the ship was like a billiard ball flying backwards straight at the target Luo Feng!

“Mosha clansman!”

“Change!”

Luo Feng quickly fled to the wall of the cave for support, simultaneously switching to the Mosha clansman to quickly grow bigger. This was almost like a huge piece of rubber, with a hollow center, the human body stayed within this center. This huge rubber leaned on the back of the cave walls.

Rumble!

The ship hit by the laser crashed into the rubber. That terrifying physical force smashed into the rubber and instantly, the mosha clansman fought hard to make itself incredibly soft but sturdy, but due to the sheer force however, the rubber began to split apart!

Rumble…a portion of the force flowed through the rubber straight into the wall behind, causing the entire wall to tremble and shake.

The ice layer split apart and cracked in all directions, and countless ice shards fell from the walls.

The incredibly solid black stones also began to split apart, and some of them started falling down, as the entire pathway shook. Since the high temperatures generated from the contact of the ultra laser and the ship was something much hotter than even the sun, the ice layers around began to melt, as steam engulfed the area.

Not caring about anything else.

Luo Feng’s mosha body had formed into a huge mass of rubber. That rubber was completely torn apart and within the core hollow part of that rubber…the strong vibrations that caused even the space to warp had created a force that hit his earth body!

Rumble!

His earth body was wearing a F grade silver armor! Even if the laser hit him straight on, it wouldn’t pierce through.

Weng…

His earth body was hit by the force, his body shook violently. The cloud contact vine on the surface of his skin began to crack apart, after which his skin split apart too. Fresh blood flowed out of his broken bones, eyes, ears, nose, and all his bones were instantly shattered!

Silence!

“Damn it.” Luo Feng howled within.

That painful howl!

Why he didn’t let his earth body enter the internal world at that critical moment, this was because…the earth body’s surface had the cloud contact vine, and he was wearing an F grade armor. These were all layers of protection! That terrifying force, after passing through the mosha clansman, about 30% of it was wasted on the ship, 30% on the wall and 30% on the huge rubber formed by the mosha clansman.

Only about about 1%, maybe even one thousandth entered the earth body!

Even that was weakened, as it went through the armor!

It went through the domain lord level 9, which was a powerful and yet flexible life form! The remaining force only completely broke the earth body’s bones, destroying his organs. But at least it didn’t break through the essence like the mosha clansman.

If it weren’t for the armor and cloud contact vine weakening it, the earth body’s weak and frail body would have had even his cells destroyed! The situation now was still good.

Because…

The mosha clansman’s core, the life crystal and Luo Feng’s true core were both within the earth body.

The life core was extremely solid.

And the true core was even sturdier. The final force didn’t even destroy the earth body, naturally the true core was completely fine.

“Earth body return to internal world!”

“Mosha clan, gather!”

Instantly, the completely disabled earth body and the heavily injured cloud contact vine vanished and the life crystal released a strong black energy, swiftly forming the Luo Feng body…mosha Luo Feng!

Sou!

Mosha Luo Feng’s silhouette flashed and rushed towards the domain lord level 9 enemy Pa Tuo.

“He must have died!” Pa Tuo wielded the E9 laser gun. Seeing how the huge automaton ship had crashed straight into the human silhouette, even though it seemed like he saw a huge mass of rubber appear, but he still deduced…the enemy must be dead!

That was an E9 grade laser gun!

Such a level of weapon, it can’t kill just a universe level 9 little punk?

Sou!

Luo Feng appeared right before him.

“You!” Pa Tuo’s expression changed.

Chi!

The blade which was infused with space laws flashed so fast, that he couldn’t even react. It split him straight in two, that blade also hit the life core and instantly broke it.

Pa Tuo died!

“Pa!” The E9 laser gun fell from his hand onto the ground, hitting the high temperature melted ice below.

“Hu!”

Luo Feng stood there, watching the body that was split in two, looking at the water that boiled around from the high temperatures, and the large amount of steam, he couldn’t help but feel fear after.

“It’s simply too terrifying.”

“If the automaton ship’s defenses weren’t enough, it would have been pierced and it would hit me.”

“Without the ship to cushion the blow, if the laser had hit me directly, my armor, even though its F grade alloys, the force generated from the laser would have still shook me to dust.” Luo Feng was very clear the armor didn’t have much use.

This was also why the genetic armor was much more expensive, and this armor was cheap!

Just like how a person wearing a solid armor on a highway, if he was hit by a huge car he would still be flung! Maybe the armor would be fine, but the person would be killed by the force!

A person in an elevator, if the elevator suddenly fell and hit the ground, it may be fine but the person would probably be dead.

Same theory.

A solid armor can defend against special situations, however against such terrifying force, it had little use.

“Luckily!”

“Luckily it worked.” Luo Feng sat on the ground. The boiling water and temperatures around were at least a few hundred degrees. And this was also only because there were countless ice layers about within demon note mountain, hence the temperatures weren’t so high.

Mist engulfed the area.

Luo Feng’s gaze landed on the silver white, simple designed E9 grade laser gun.

“E9 laser gun?” Luo Feng held his breath.

This was a true ultimate killing weapon!

Especially with its 0.1 storage time, it made this laser gun extremely terrifying!


Chapter 570: Fat Sheep

Luo Feng flashed and knelt beside the E9 laser, picking up the seemingly simple automaton piece of work.

He touched it’s peculiar sculpture, this was very similar to his silver white pyramid ship. However, he could feel that this laser gun’s material was somewhat better. It may seem like just a gun, but it felt even more terrifying than the large cannons of earth.

The barrel of the gun was only 1m in diameter. In the vast universe, a few universe ships main cannons, their barrels were at least 100s to thousands of meters.

This 1m in diameter barrel, in the universe, it was indeed considered only a gun.

“Luo Feng, this is an E9 xth 122 series laser gun that only the automatons can build. It’s reputable for its small size and short preparation time.” Babata communicated mentally. “You should know, that technological weapons, even though humanity is proficient with it, the most it can create is a weapon capable of killing a sector lord level 9. As for creating one to kill an undying, humanity cannot do it.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Indeed, from sector lord to undying, that was an evolution in essence.

Humanity could at most create an E pinnacle grade alloys, and F grades are metals already produced in the universe. Creating weapons are the same too, after reaching E pinnacle, there hasn’t been a way to breakthrough to create stronger weapons.

The automatons were different!

Automaton’s were the origin for the technology of the universe, and all of its people were Living AIs.

They could even create weapons capable killing of undyings!

They could create F grade comparable alloys! And these alloys had better qualities than the same grade pure metals.

Just like when Luo Feng was in the Yun Mo Ship back then, seeing the automaton undying’s corpse, that corpse was a simple alloy body. Even that alloy was comparable to F grade metals, and for an alloy body to reach such level of flexibility and sturdiness etc, perfection, it was indeed an unbelievable thing.

This, was something only the automaton race could do. No other race could do it.

“A weapon capable of killing an undying, only the automaton can build one.” Babata continued, “Of course, those levels of weapons are extremely pricey. The automaton undyings, even only a few of them can own such terrifying weapons.”

Luo Feng nodded.

His own automaton ship was equipped with an E3 grade laser cannon and a star annihilator. Even though the power of the star annihilator was huge, its preparation time was too long, and definitely not suitable for close combat. As it was so huge, it was not suitable for a person to carry it either.

“Same power, the smaller it is, the more expensive! The shorter the preparation time, the more expensive!”

“This E9 grade laser, it’s so small and its storage time is so short, it can be said to be the bane of sector lords.” Babata said, “Even amongst the automaton race, this is rare. Your teacher back then never got such an item.”

“How expensive would it be?” Luo Feng asked.

“It’s priced at about 5,000 mixed elements.” Babata said, “To undyings, it’s not considered too expensive, the problem is that it’s considered a rare item. Even with money it’s hard to buy, unless one is willing to pay few times the original price.”

“So expensive?” Luo Feng stared.

5,000 mixed elements was more expensive than even an automaton ship.

“Right, this laser gun can be considered a family heirloom.” Babata said. “Imagine having one of these in the family. If a sector lord enemy every flew into your territory, the moment the galaxy security system picks up on the sector lord, you only need 0.1 seconds to prepare and the moment he gets close, kill him in one shot. The sector lord wouldn’t even be able to react!”

Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

The star annihilator was powerful, however it required 60 seconds to store the energy before firing. With the sector lord pinnacle’s speed, one second alone was enough for him to fly 10s of thousands of km to reach the territory’s headquarters. Hence the star annihilator can only be considered a massacre weapon during an attack! And the E9 laser gun, whether it was carried about or as a treasure for the race, country, it was heavenly!

“From today onwards….” Luo Feng rubbed the gun in his hand, feeling the coldness from the weapon.

“I’ve got another trump card.”

The mosha clansman’s instantaneous speed is shocking. With it wielding the E9 grade laser and its shocking speed, surviving 0.1 seconds is too easy, once that passes…I can kill the enemy in one shot!

…

Luo Feng kept the gun in his space ring, after which he checked the frozen body.

Even though the ice around had melted and boiled around because of the high temperatures, this was after all demon mountain! Very quickly the cold from around had reached all about, in 10 seconds, the boiling waters once again froze over and became ice. The vapor around too formed an ice layer.

“Pa!” His one step broke through the ice and he took the space belt from Pa Tuo’s body.

“I wonder what he has on him.” Luo Feng used his spirit energy to invade it and scan.

With Luo Feng’s perspective, normal treasures didn’t entice him at all. This Pa Tuo’s entire family fortune was far from even 1 mixed element.

“Ah, there are over 3,000 black tags here.” Luo Feng was happy with the surprise of so many black tags. The many tags floated before Luo Feng, black and huge, every one of them represented at least a universe level’s life.

Over 3,000 lives!

“Demon mountain, indeed stands for a new lease on life.” Luo Feng shook his head. “I hope my tag never becomes another person’s spoils.” With a wave he kept all the tags.

Including this unexpected reward.

He had collected a total of 4320 black tags.

…

Sou!

Luo Feng swiftly flew to the distant automaton ship and carefully checked it, the dent caused by the laser shot earlier was already almost gone and looked like it was new again.

“Looks like it’ll be perfect again in awhile. The memory regeneration of this alloy is not bad.” Luo Feng complemented within. “Babata, keep it in your storage space.”

“Understood.”

The automaton ship that had fallen and had its surface frozen over immediately vanished.

Within the caves, Luo Feng seemed like an ant carrying a blade and swiftly making his way forward.

“Even a lion hunting a rabbit has to give its all!”

“If I meet a troublesome opponent, I’ll immediately switch to the mosha clansman to settle it.” Luo Feng walked and reflected on the battle before. The reason he was in such danger before was because he didn’t initially treat the domain level 9 as an opponent, resulting in such danger.

As he walked, he frowned.

“Babata.” Luo Feng shouted within. “That fighter that wanted to kill me, he shouted, “It’s you. And he even took out an E9 grade laser gun that even undyings rarely own…”

“Firstly, that fighter was only an aboriginal from 9 star ocean. In theory, he couldn’t have acquired that gun.” Babata said, “To acquire that gun, it probably was an undying. And one with a huge background! And he only said It’s you when he saw the cloud contact vine, along with the sector lord that was after you before…”

“From everything, I can deduce, some huge figure is trying to kill you!”

“This person gave the laser gun to the domain lord level 9 and told him about your specialties…having a domain lord level 9 cloud contact vine.”

“And the sector lord after you before, guarding that cave, he should be the same.”

“From this I can deduce!”

“This person that wants to kill you, probably arranged for more than 1 person to kill you. There are sector lords and domain lords with laser guns.” Babata explained.

Luo Feng squinted.

Who wants to kill him?

He didn’t feel like he offended anyone.

“Powerful figures that want to kill you probably have some upper level grudge.” Babata explained, “My guess is that there are three kinds, first is a sect battle, second is a personal grudge, and the third is a race battle.”

“As the Virtual Universe company’s every knight owns his own sect, you would eventually belong to the 9 blade knight’s sect. If the sect battles get intense, and someone views you as a potential threat, he would try to take the chance to get rid of you. However…these sort of genius assassinations, are very despicable, the sect feuds must be pretty big.”

“The second reason is personal grudge. You are True Yan emperor’s disciple. Anybody who has a grudge with True Yan may implicate you. Similarly, those who dare do such a thing must have huge grudges, otherwise they wouldn’t take such risks.”

“The final reason is race battles. The human race has intense battles with other races, a few warriors may have invaded other races to assassinate the geniuses of others, this is common.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Three possibilities.

“Luo Feng, as you get stronger and your position rises, unbeknownst to you, you might offend others, or others may want to kill you over nothing. These numbers will keep rising.” Babata said, “Hence you have to be more careful.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

He couldn’t die!

The moment he died, the weak foundation of the humans of earth would immediately change. The shockingly rich Ping Hai corporation would quickly gain the attention of others too and their outcome would be unpredictable. Afterall, even though it was within the Virtual Universe company, the company was too huge, it had too many firms and corporations within.

This was a power even bigger than a universe country.

…

Luo Feng was even more cautious as he proceeded. Anybody he met who was a domain lord level 7 and up he quickly settled with the mosha clansman, and anyone below, he used his earth body to swiftly settle.

Even though he was careful, killing others was hard to avoid.

Very quickly, his black tag count reached 4831.

…

On the 75th day of arriving in demon mountain.

Luo Feng who was carrying the blood shadow blade walked along the cold pathways. Suddenly he squinted, staring in the distance, about over 90km ahead, there were two universe level youths lifting a handmade exquisite bench. In it lay a skinny goat like old man, who would occasionally snort, and besides him were another 5 youths who were following him.

“It’s him?” Luo Feng squinted, “That old fart?”


Chapter 571: Elder Jinyang

The skinny old goat man squinted his eyes, lying on the bench and occasionally snorting.

“Ever since Kamulu’s death, our days have gotten better.” Among the two universe level youths lifting the bench, the one in front who looked resolute with drooping eyes muttered within. “This Elder Jinyang, I’ve long heard of his bad reputation. I didn’t expect to actually land in his hands here. I have to bear with it, just awhile more. He seems to be extremely upset by Kamulu’s death, hopefully I can make it through!”

Elder Jingyang.

A reputable sector lord within 9 star ocean. His reputation was mostly due to his preference for men, the disciples in the sect were all his boy toys. And Kamulu was his biggest disciple and most favorite. He had sent Kamulu out earlier to kill Luo Feng, but was actually killed instead, this made him extremely upset.

“Kamulu, my Kamulu.” Elder Jinyang sighed within.

“Teacher!”

“Teacher, there’s someone ahead!”

A voice shouted from beside.

“Hm?” Elder Jinyang opened his eyes quickly. With a glance, he swiftly saw the silhouette over 90 km away clearly, that short haired youth with black horns, wearing a silver armor.

“It’s him!” Elder Jinyang’s eyes gleamed, the memory from before flashed through his mind. Back then he had casually sent his great disciple Kamulu to capture Luo Feng, but who’d have expected his favorite disciple would never return again. Hatred boiled within his chest, and his expression immediately grew struggled.

“Little thief!”

He roared fiercely, “Return my disciple’s life!!!”

Rumble!

That beautiful well carved bench immediately exploded, causing the two universe level youths to dodge in fear. Elder Jinyang became a beam of golden light and flashed towards the distance, chasing after the hated thief Luo Feng.

…

“I actually met this old fart again.” Luo Feng saw the distant silhouette. Without hesitation, he immediately swapped to the Mosha body.

As the elder roared and flew over, Luo Feng fled as well. However he deliberately slowed his speed.

“Thief!”

The elder gritted his teeth and his voice resounded beside Luo Feng’s ears. The surge of world energy pressed down on Luo Feng, “Now that I’ve actually found you, haha, you’ll die. Go and be buried beside my disciple Kamulu.!” The elder roared as he swiftly got closer to Luo Feng.

While fleeing, Luo Feng pretended to be trying his best to flee, his eyes seemingly filled with fear.

However within he was absolutely calm.

“Luo Feng, that sector lord level 7 is 18.2 km away from you.” Babata’s voice resounded.

“Hm, that’s about enough.” Luo Feng calculated.

Sou!

In his hand the silver white gun appeared. It was about 3m long, he brandished it and immediately pressed the button, immediately the light at the back turned a bright red.

“That’s…” the elder’s world energy was spread out, he immediately discovered the gun within the fleeing thief’s hands.

Elder Jinyang was afterall a sector lord!

The upper echelons of 9 star ocean all normally had universe ships or some AI’s etc to connect to the virtual universe. Through the virtual universe, the elder naturally knew of the value of laser guns. However, he had no way to determine what grade it was.

“This little punk is giving off a universe level 9 energy. However his fleeing speed is comparable to a domain lord level 9, and he killed my domain lord disciple Kamulu…”

“And now he’s taken out what seems like a very high level laser gun.”

“He’s definitely not from 9 star ocean.” The elder swiftly deduced, “And the Virtual Universe company frequently sends out a few high position and status people to enter here, and these are all universe level 9s. This punk here may very likely be from the Virtual Universe company.”

Elder Jinyang was shocked within.

“Against a sector lord, he actually dares to take out a laser gun. He definitely thinks he can kill me with it, or at least threaten me.” He was getting nervous within.

A sector lord level 7, his conscious calculation speed, just how fast was that.

Many thoughts flashed in his mind in an instant.

“Flee!”

He didn’t dare gamble, he turned and became a beam of gold light, swiftly fleeing.

“Trying to flee?”Mosha Luo Feng turned at this point and chased.

Sou!

Sou!

Sou!

In the winding caves, Luo Feng’s speed instantly rose greatly by 10s of times. Compared to the domain level 9 speed before, he reached a speed that exceeded most sector lord’s instantaneous acceleration! Maybe most sector lords, after accelerating to their limit would be faster than the Mosha clansman.

However the instantaneous acceleration was much lower.

“How did he get so fast suddenly?” The elder’s world energy sensed Luo Feng swiftly catching up, immediately his expression changed greatly, “He, he, he was purposely baiting me earlier!”

At this, the elder understood that he fell into a trap.

The opponent could easily use that movement to escape, yet he had pretended to be slow. Without a doubt, this was a trap!

“I can’t run, what do I do?” The elder was panicking.

Chi!

He immediately used his world energy to press the E9 laser gun in Luo Feng’s hand, however he couldn’t activate it.

“Idiot, would the automaton race weapon have such an obvious loophole, to allow the enemy to use his world energy to control their weapon.” Luo Feng laughed coldly within. While single handedly carrying the laser gun, higher level energy weapons all normally had their own AI systems. Even the normal ships of humanity had these, much less a E9 grade laser gun.

After taking out the gun, one first had to set one’s authority.

Only after which can it be used.

Luo Feng acquired the gun after killing that domain lord Pa Tuo. He specially got Babata to study it and invade it’s AI, completely changing its authority to himself.

“Lord.”

“You, you must be a big figure from the Virtual Universe company. Spare my life, I have offended you!” A sharp voice resounded in Luo Feng’s ears.

Di!

The warning light on the E9 laser gun turned green, the storage was complete.

“Old fart, go and die!” Luo Feng’s movement was demonic. With just two flashes, he closed their distance to about 800m, he gently pressed the button.

The laser gun automatically locked on its target.

Chi!

A glaring white light shot from the barrel. While it shot out, it had already reached the sector lord level 7 elder Jinyang.

“No…” The elder stared wide eyed, the corners of his eyes split, filled with fear, madness and hate. He tried his best to dodge, pouring his world energy into his genetic armor to protect himself, even using the world energy to form a projection around as a shield.

Rumble!

Under the glaring and burning white light, the genetic armor dispersed all of the attack throughout the elder’s body, causing his entire body to instantly crumble. Simultaneously, the armor too burned through, from his neck to his feet, everything was reduced to nothing. Finally the force of the beam caused both his head and feet to burn from the high temperatures, with nothing left behind at all.

The white light continued its path towards the distant wall, immediately the walls shook, countless ice melted and later began to boil, forming white mist.

Hua la…

The space around shook. When the sector lord died, large amounts of items appeared and landed about. These were all items stored within his internal world that crumbled after his death.

“So poor.” Luo Feng glanced, “Black tags!”

The black tags were in the distance, and many of them scattered throughout.

“Collect!”

Luo Feng collected all the black tags and valuable treasures. As for the messy remains that were lying about, for a core member like Luo Feng, with the Virtual Universe company supplying with him so much more, naturally he couldn’t be bothered.

“Killing a sector lord really gives so many more tags. Once I include the batch before, I’ve already exceeded 7,000 black tags.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but reveal a look of shock. “I never intended to collect the 10k black tags, however, now I’ve already got over 7000.”

The stronger one was, the more tags he would acquire.

Pa Tuo who owned the laser gun before had killed a sector lord and others, hence he had many tags. This Elder Jinyang was strong, hence he had many tags too.

“Maybe I’ll really be able to acquire over 10k black tags.” Luo Feng smiled, instantly becoming a beam of light and vanishing.

…

As his days in demon note mountain got longer, Luo Feng gradually realized the danger! One day while he was sitting crossed legged, with his consciousness in the virtual universe studying the 3rd volume of time space scribbles, as he was immersed, he didn’t move for 6 consecutive days in the cave.

Then…

He realized, after not moving for 6 days, he actually was attacked by 3 terrifying demon notes. These 3 were capable of hypnotizing sector lords, especially one, which was enough for even a sector lord level 7 or 8.

“Luckily my consciousness is strong, and I picked demon note mountain.”

“If I had picked Ice mountain, I would have long not been able to withstand anymore.” He was shocked within. If it were someone else and not him here, that person would long have become a zombie.

…

On the 109 day in demon note mountain.

Rumble!

A distant rumble resounded from the distance.

Luo Feng who sat crossed legged had become a ice statue, he opened his eyes and the ice layer broke apart. He stood up and turned to look in the distance, “There’s someone?” Following the explosion from far, very quickly, a 300m tall gorilla beast was chasing a universe level 9 youth.

That youth was clad in gold armor, his movement was demonic.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, “Primal region universe level member Mo Luo?”

The Virtual Universe company’s primal region universe level member, there were 3 originally, Once the new geniuses Bolan and Long Yun were included, that made 5 of them.

And Mo Luo, was one of the 3 seniors within!


Chapter 572: Mo Luo

Because of the upcoming qualification battles, the universe level primal region members and their specific information had been collected by Luo Feng.

In terms of strength, the 3 seniors of the primal region were much stronger than the Mother Flame race Sa Jin Fire dragon he had defeated before. At least now, within the qualification battles, he had no confidence of defeating any one of them. In reality however it was not definite.

Amongst the 3 seniors, Luo Feng actually had the most respect for Mo Luo.

Mo Luo came from the distant South Fox universe country.

Originally an orphan of a barren planet that was the remains of war, alone without a name or identity, later the Mo family owned over a 1,000 life planets in territory and found a barracks to nurture its own death army. However during the process, Mo Luo displayed unbelievable talent…hence he was quickly absorbed by the family and given the family name Mo.

Since then, his name became Mo Luo!

After receiving the family’s full nurturing, his improvement grew even more absurd!

Very quickly, even the elder of the family, a universe level 9 warrior had nothing left to teach him. Not long after, Mo Luo was discovered by members of the Virtual Universe company stationed within his region, and was immediately absorbed in as a special elite by the Virtual Universe company.

The absorbed elites of the Virtual Universe company had to compete amongst themselves too.

Very quickly, he was absorbed as an internal core member. During that same year, he passed the sky mountain and entered the Sky and land region.

After which!

After two qualification battles, he made his way into the primal region! Becoming one of the high and mighty primal region members.

…

Luo Feng and the others were accepted as core members through the genius battles. Mo Luo however was one that gradually rose through the ranks after being absorbed as elites.

Hence he had respect for this Mo Luo.

The first reason was because of his hardship and history.

The second reason was because of his battle techniques, his self created Beast fist!

Fighters mostly use blades, swords, guns, axes, rods etc, all sorts of weapons.

Mo Luo however relied on his body, his fists and feet.

“According to teacher True Yan emperor, most begin by learning techniques used by the earlier generations. As one’s law comprehension rises, one will discover parts of the techniques that don’t suit himself…hence he would create one. This process was incredibly important.” Luo Feng was very clear on this because almost 99.99% of undyings would create their own techniques suited for themselves!

These techniques, creating them as early as possible wasn’t necessarily the best way.

When one’s law comprehension is weak, it’s not wise to create techniques, as the weaker the comprehension, the easier the techniques would stray from the true path.

This Mo Luo however with his Beast Fist, even True Yan had complimented it.

Luo Feng had seen footage of him using the beast fist, he was filled with respect.

Within the icy cold cave, the youth dressed in golden armor jumped from side to side exchanging lightning fast punches with the huge gorilla beast.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The cave shook with ice layers splitting apart, as the gorilla beast roared and punched madly, waving his huge palms about. The golden armored youth was incredibly nimble, as fast as lightning, dodging time and again. However in terms of speed, it was obvious that the gorilla was much faster, very quickly, he reached the youth in a big step.

“Big punk!” The golden armored youth looked up.

Howl…

The gorilla slapped violently.

Sou!

The golden armored youth actually stood his ground. As the palm was about to hit, only then did he dodge at the last moment. This made the gorilla immediately stop its wave and flipped his hand for another attack, in that instant, the youth swiftly flew upwards.

“Fly!” The youth grabbed on to the 10m long finger of the gorilla and violently flung him!

Rumble!

The 300m tall gorilla was thrown off the ground, heavily smashing into the ice ground. Rumble…such a huge thing, almost like a little mountain smashing into the ice layers, breaking through many layers of ice, causing the surface to split apart.

And as the entire beast was flung from one finger, naturally the joint of that finger was broken.

“Pa!” The golden armored youth once again used his strength to sever that finger off.

Howl…

The gorilla roared with rage, climbing back up and waving his palm.

…

The not too distant Luo Feng was shocked as he watched the scene, “While moving, his entire body is like water, wrapping about the finger. The moment he unleashes his strength however, he actually uses the gorilla’s strength against him and throws the entire beast. And like adding oil to the flames, breaking off the finger after. How wonderful and unbelievable at the same time.”

It looked simple.

However against a mountain like palm, Luo Feng questioned himself, whether he would dare invite the palm in to grab that one finger.

He didn’t have such ability!

“Mo Luo, universe level 9, gold armor. This was a domain lord level 9 metal assisting life form.” Babata said, “That beast has an energy level of sector lord level 2. From his combat skills, his body moves as one, he can probably already unleash 100 times his normal force.”

The undying altar, was a test of one’s exertion, 100 was the limit.

“However it’s useless!”

“The most terrifying thing about the beasts are that it won’t die even from heavy injuries.” Babata said.

Luo Feng nodded, even if the beast was cut into pieces, it would still slowly regenerate. During the battle between Mo Luo and the gorilla, the beast was getting injured constantly, however it still maintained the upper hand.

“I’ll help him out.” Luo Feng smiled.

“So troublesome.” Mo Luo stood on the gorilla’s head and muttered, “No matter how heavy the injury it’s still useless!”

PA!

The gorilla’s palm waved past and Mo Luo flashed, running around its huge body.

Suddenly…

A silver white pyramid appeared in the distance, a gleaming white light glowed at the top of the pyramid.

“Laser cannon?” Mo Luo stared, so shocked he immediately did 3 flashes and dodged far away.

Chi!

A light beam with a diameter of 200m flashed past the gorilla beast, it’s huge body immediately lost half of it, leaving behind only it’s head and legs, the rest were completely melted. Half of the light beam too was lost after melting the entire beast, the remaining half landed on the wall behind, melting a portion of it.

Automaton ship…E3 laser cannon!

Whether it was the 9 E3 laser cannon or the 3 star annihilators on the ship, they all had huge barrels. Like the E3 laser cannons, the light beams it shot out could be controlled from 30m to 3000m.

“Automaton ship?” Mo Luo looked on in shock.

The ship swiftly vanished and a black horned youth walked over, only his facial features had returned to its original appearance.

“Mo Luo.” Luo Feng shouted.

“Luo Feng?” Mo Luo looked in shock at Luo Feng, “You’ve also come to demon note mountain?”

“You are here, why can’t I come?” Luo Feng smiled.

Mo Luo was very shocked, since the qualification battles were upcoming, he had done his homework too on who would become his opponent. Naturally he had taken notice of Luo Feng! Because Luo Feng was simply too intrepid. Plus, Even though he hadn’t been in the Virtual Universe company for too long, and he had already defeated Sa Jin Fire Dragon! This level of improvement definitely had pressure on the others!

Howl…The gorilla’s head on the ground actually still let out a low roar.

Mo Luo looked at the head and his expression changed, shouting, “Luo Feng, let’s move quickly! Quick!”

Sou!

Mo Luo swiftly fled!

Luo Feng was suspicious, but he too became a beam of light and swiftly followed.

…

Mo Luo was ahead and Luo Feng followed, the two of them continuously flew through 3 caves before stopping.

“Luo Feng.” Mo Luo landed on the ice and smiled at Luo Feng, “I’ve long heard of your reputation. However I’ve never met you before, I didn’t expect to be able to meet you here in demon note mountain.”

Luo Feng nodded, after which he frowned, “Right, Mo Luo, why were you rushing to flee earlier.”

“Ah.”

He shook his head helplessly, “It’s like this, earlier not far from where I encountered the beast, there was a beast nest. For the past two days, I’ve been chased by the beasts and have been trying to escape. However…relying on myself, I couldn’t even settle the beast earlier. Universe ship? The straight flight speed of the ships are fast, however through the winding caves, having to slow and speed up constantly. It cannot even compare to me relying on my metal life form.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The universe ship’s acceleration were generally slow and required time before reaching light speed.

Of course his automaton ship was much better with quick acceleration, but it still paled in comparison to the mosha clansman’s instantaneous acceleration!

“And my ship doesn’t have that kind of fire power like yours.” Mo Luo shook his head, “Hence, I’ve been in a deadlock.”

“Beast nest?” Luo Feng nodded.

He had encountered once too, the beast nest was indeed terrifying.

“Anyway, I don’t dare enter such a place again.” He shook his head and looked curiously at Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, how long have you been here, have you met any dangers?”

“Not even 4 months.” He replied, “Not as long as you.”

Before he even entered, there were already 2 core members here.

Obviously now he can confirm one of them was Mo Luo.

“Looks like you wish to stay all 3 years too.” Mo Luo’s eyes gleamed, exclaiming, “This demon note mountain is seriously dangerous, especially the demon notes. Luckily I’ve found a pattern. Otherwise I’d long become a zombie.”

“Pattern?” Luo Feng looked at him.

“To survive this long, you haven’t discovered the pattern?” Mo Luo asked.

Luo Feng was stunned.

Other than the terrifying swallowing strength of that one cave, the other demon notes were no threat to him, hence he never noticed a pattern.

“The 1st point, don’t stay in a spot for too long. As time passes, the strongest demon note attacks will get even stronger.” Mo Luo smiled, “This much you should know already, even the aboriginals know this.”


Chapter 573: Roar in the Abyss

“Hm, this much I know.” Luo Feng nodded.

Hu!

Li!

The piercing howls of the wind pierced straight into one’s heart and soul. Luo Feng and Mo Luo however chatted as per normal.

“The 2nd pattern is also the reason I’ve been able to survive till now.” Mo Luo smiled. “I’ve separated the demon notes mainly into student, star traveller, star, universe, domain lord and sector lord levels. Luo Feng, you should have realized the main demon notes in this demon note mountain is mainly around the star traveller to domain lord level!”

Luo Feng nodded.

Indeed, rarely would one encounter a sector lord demon note!

“The pattern I’ve discovered is!”

“Where there’s a star level demon note! Then that area would also have a universe level demon note!”

“Where there’s a star traveller level, then there would be a domain lord level demon note!”

“Where there’s a student level demon note, that would have a sector lord level demon note.” Mo Luo’s eyes gleamed, saying with full confidence, “Wherever the demon note is weakest, the higher the chances of there being an extremely strong demon note!”

“Ah?” Luo Feng was stunned.

In his mind he swiftly recalled the many places he had been in the past 100 days. Because these past few days, only the demon notes in the ice forest were actually a threat to him. As for the other places…he hadn’t really bothered, from student level to sector lord, these demon notes had no threat to him at all, hence he didn’t bother to figure out the pattern.

Now that he thought about it carefully!

With his AI comparable memory and calculation speed, he swiftly recalled the places where he felt the demon notes.

“Right.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Indeed!

There were some places where the demon note strength was simply just star and universe level. Some were at star traveller and domain lord level. Very few places had student and sector lord level. As time passed, the distribution of the demon notes would shift, forcing everybody to keep moving.

“However these are all useless to me.” Luo Feng thought within. “The demon notes in this mountain, normally reaching the sector lord level is already quite rare. Unless its like that mysterious cave! Hence…other than those places, they have no threat against me.”

…

Luo Feng and Mo Luo, the two core members of the Virtual Universe company proceeded forward.

“Luo Feng, we’ll split after this cave.” Mo Luo said as he flew. “There are trillions of caves in demon note mountain, we’ll pick different ones. If we stick together, one would have to yield to the other sooner or later. I believe you won’t enjoy that either.”

“Haha…alright, we’ll split ahead.” Luo Feng nodded.

If he stuck with Mo Luo, he would have to be extra careful when using the mosha clansman.

Sou! Sou!

The two of them swiftly flew for a while came out of the pathway.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked shocked.

Ahead was a vast ice field, and on it were huge pits. Every one of them were different from another, the large ones were up to 100km in width while the small ones were just a few km. However one couldn’t even see the depths of these pits, only that they were endless.

Luo Feng and Mo Luo landed.

“What is this place?” Mo Luo carefully walked to the side of a pit.

“Not clear.” Luo Feng walked to the side too. This pit…it may be called a pit but in fact, they were like abyss as one couldn’t see the depths at all.

Luo Feng turned to see.

A vast field!

In this vast ice field, the abyss could be seen everywhere, countless. “Something’s not right.” Mo Luo frowned.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

The two absolute geniuses of the Virtual Universe company carefully surveyed their surroundings, simultaneously feeling a strong demon note attack.

“Rumble!” Mo Luo who stood beside Luo Feng, without any warning kicked fiercely. This kick was like a volcano explosion. That golden boot smashed into a shocked and unprepared Luo Feng’s waist. Infused with the strength of the domain lord level 9 metal life form, this caused Luo Feng to be knocked like a bullet into the abyss.

Luo Feng only felt an incredible force hit his entire body and even though there was the defense of the cloud contact vine, Luo Feng still spit out fresh blood from his mouth.

Chi!

Fresh blood!

Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua!

Thick red vines fiercely extended from his arms, the vines were thinner but quickly grew thick, they madly extended to catch Mo Luo.

Rumble!

The abyss began to produce an unbelievable swallowing energy, just like when Luo Feng encountered that cave back then. Besides the shocking swallowing energy, a noiseless demon note pierced into his mind. At this time, the cloud contact vine, knowing its master was in danger, couldn’t care less about Mo Luo who had flown far away. It quickly expanded to grab the side walls and ice.

“Ya!”

“Break!”

Luo Feng quickly recovered from the demon note attack. Compared to the last swallowing cave, this demon note was slightly weaker.

“Mo Luo!” The corner of Luo Feng’s eyes split, and his eyes flushed red He roared at Mo Luo who had flown many km above the abyss.

Why?

Why did Mo Luo suddenly attack him?

He had such respect for Mo Luo, and they were both Virtual Universe company members. Also, he had thought that this person had no ability to harm him! Indeed…in a true sneak attack, Luo Feng who had his other bodies couldn’t lose, however at this time…

“Luo Feng, this is demon note mountain, even if I kill you, it isn’t a crime.” Mo Luo coldly looked at Luo Feng below, as a sound rang in Luo Feng’s ears. Simultaneously an exquisite looking gun appeared in Mo Luo’s hands.

“Laser gun.” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

To dare to take out a laser gun, he probably has a guarantee of killing him. Then, this should be an E grade laser gun.

“C6 grade laser gun.” Babata’s voice resounded.

Chi!

Mo Luo who was high in the air shot a beam down into the abyss. This beam was over a 100m away from Luo Feng, it pierced deep down. After which Mo Luo fled as fast as he could, swiftly disappearing in an instant.

Suddenly kicking Luo Feng into the abyss, shooting a beam of laser deep into it and disappearing.

Describing it slowly, this whole process actually took no more than 0.1 seconds! The preparation time of that C grade laser was simply 0!

Rumble…

The terrifying swallowing energy worked on his body.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

The vines, under the pressure of the energy began to rip apart. Luo Feng however didn’t have a thread of fear within, his eyes were only filled with rage and anger. “That Mo Luo actually, he actually! Since he wants me dead, then I’ll kill you myself!!!” Looking up, such a proud absolute genius actually resorted to such a trick to kill him.

“Mosha clansman!”

“Change!”

Luo Feng instantly vanished and switched bodies, he became a shuttle that tried to fly out.

Suddenly…

Howl…

A roar occurred from the abyss, simultaneously the space about the shuttle began to ripple and the terrifying swallowing energy worked on it.

Its speed decreased.

“What?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Change!”

The shuttle became a thumb sized awl, yet the energy still remained as strong as ever, pulling it down!

“Change!”

The awl then became a huge stone that filled up the entire pit, however the energy was just as strong, it continued to fall lower, causing sparks as the stone dragged along the sides, large amounts of rubble falling.

“Change!”

“Change!”

…

Luo Feng instantly tried many forms, however no matter what he did, the force exerted on him was still the same. And as he fell, that terrifying howl from below…made one’s heart tremble.

“It’s him, Mo Luo!” As he fell, he remained calm. He recalled how Mo Luo had shot his laser into the abyss, back then he was suspicious… why would he use a C grade laser to shoot in, it had no power whatsoever.

Now from the looks of it…

Mo Luo’s shot was probably to awaken the spirit of whatever was deep within the abyss. That spirit had a swallowing ability similar to that of the golden horned beast. It now consciously worked on Luo Feng’s body, no matter what form he took, the force was just as strong.

And if it were simply just asleep or dormant, the casual amount of swallowing energy like how it was at the cave before, Luo Feng could have easily become smaller and escape.

“Mo Luo must have been clear on the situations here, hence he deliberately did that.” Luo Feng raged within.

“Change!”

Luo Feng who was constantly falling did one final change into an ice bear.

The ice bear fell down and entered the abyss.

“There must be way to survive, there must be.” Ice bear Luo Feng instantly disappeared into the depths of the abyss.

…

After a while.

A silhouette flashed and stood at the side of the abyss, gazing down below, it was Mo Luo.

“Luo Feng!”

His lips curled into a smile, looking at the terrifying endless abyss. “You sure are stupid. Since this is demon note mountain, me killing you…its no crime at all! With your talent, even if during this qualification battle you are no threat to me, however the next time, or in the future, you’ll eventually threaten my position.”

“It’s better with less people who would threaten me.”

“This path to the top, I will stop at nothing.” Mo Luo said softly. From an orphan in a war ridden world, to the terrifying death soldier training and factions, all these had changed his rules.

Sou!

He swiftly vanished and left the ancient abyss. Just like how it had been for a trillion years, no one knew, that the absolute genius Luo Feng of the Virtual Universe company had been swallowed in!


Chapter 574: Abyss World

Luo Feng was sucked into that abyss and was falling quickly.

Hu!

The air howled in his ears, as the ice bear Luo Feng watched the frozen walls beside him flash past him as he fell. He quickly pondered on what to do within. He’s tried all methods to break free. No matter what he changed to, it didn’t matter. And as Babata had told him before, “Luo Feng, the swallowing energy is too strong. It’s stronger than even what the automaton ship is able to unleash. Even if you use the ship, you wouldn’t be able to escape!”

Ice bear Luo Feng looked below at the dark abyss, all he could do now was prepare and gamble for a chance of survival!

He descended!

Non stop!

…

Quite a bit of time had past, yet he was still descending, this made him shocked within.

“Just how deep is this abyss? It’s much deeper than the pits in Blood River world, and was at least 100km deep.” The winds howled madly in his ears as he continued to descend. He had no way to resist the swallowing energy, and he could only let himself drop. And as time passed, it made him think of other things, many scenarios popped up in his mind.

“Mum, dad, honey, Ping Ping, Little Hai, Ah Hua…” Luo Feng muttered within.

He looked down at the bottomless abyss below, seeing nothing but black.

“Why am I thinking of my family at this time? Looks like even my subconscious is thinking I might really die here.” Luo Feng was clear that ever since he was kicked into the abyss by Mo Luo, he understood that he was in big trouble. Especially when the Mosha clansman was unable to break free of the swallowing energy, when he fell in,

This time’s danger was much worse than that of Blood River world!

Deathtrap!

Some death traps in the universe secret regions, Babata had told him earlier, he too was extremely clear…

“My chances of survival this time must be very low.” The ice bear Luo Feng took a deep breath, his eyes solemn.

Facing death itself, Luo Feng had no fear!

Maybe since the day he chose to become a warrior…

Or the time he chose to sacrifice his life together with the golden horned beast…

Or the time he chose to leave the safety of earth, or become an absolute warrior of the universe…

He had long prepared for death!

“There are countless warriors risking it all in the universe. Yet, only 1 out of a trillion make it to undying!” Luo Feng looked at the darkness below, “Ever since I began this journey, I’ve long made preparations for my death. However…if there’s any chance of survival, I will fight hard to make it!”

“Mo Luo!” Mo Luo’s appearance flashed in his mind.

“Indeed I didn’t think of you as a threat, or as an enemy, because I respected you and didn’t wish to be your enemy. Also, I thought that you wouldn’t be so stupid as to make a move on me. Not only that, because of my self confidence, I believed you weren’t a threat to me.” Luo Feng thought, “However I now understand…There is no way to find what’s in a man’s heart, I cannot easily trust others or be too self confident, allowing myself to be arrogant!”

Yes!

In Luo Feng’s heart, Mo Luo’s actions before were stupid.

Maybe…relying on such methods he thought he could get rid of Luo Feng, getting rid of one less genius that was a threat to him. This way, he would have more time to remain in the throne of the primal region! However from Luo Feng’s point of view, this was simply stupid, this was simply his own mental state wavering.

Because he had trained his mind, Luo Feng was very clear.

The truly strong had to have confidence in themselves! Only with that would they be able to stand at the pinnacle. If one didn’t even trust themselves, by using such devious plans to blackmail or harm others, just how many could they get rid of? The path to becoming strong, the ones competing weren’t simply Luo Feng and the newbies, there still were the other sector lord pinnacle geniuses, and the trillions of races in the universe…

Countless geniuses, how many could he eradicate?

One had to believe himself!

Strengthen himself, that was the path of the strong!

Getting rid of enemies, that was simply stupid, that was already a fault in his own thinking.

The moment one wavers…

Then he was set to never become truly strong!

“Mo Luo, if I don’t die from this, you’ll regret this for the rest of your life.” Luo Feng looked down below.

Sou!

The ice bear Luo Feng descended with shocking speed down the dark abyss.

After quite awhile…

“Luo Feng, there’s a rock ice layer below!” Babata’s thought reached Luo Feng.

Rumble!

Ice Bear Luo Feng was as fast as a shooting star, in less than 0.001 seconds he closed the distance of 20 km. The two thick paws smashing into the ice layer, caused it to shatter and split apart, the distant ice layers too shattered. Below the ice layer, the thick rocks however simply shook, without a trace of damage.

“Howl…”

“Li!”

All sorts of ear piercing howls resounded from all directions.

After descending fast, he finally reached the bottom, and the seemingly silly ice bear sat on the broken ice layer and looked around. In all directions, as far as he could see…be it big or small, human shaped or beast or plant forms etc, there were many beasts, he couldn’t see the end of them!

Countless beasts all on a winding ice mountain.

The silly ice bear slowly stood up, seemingly stupid but filled with fear and shock.

“My god, there are so many beasts. I can’t even see the end of them, this endless mountain range probably has over 10,000 beasts.” Luo Feng was shocked within. He didn’t expect that there would be a beast nest at the bottom of the abyss. “Right, how was the swallowing energy produced earlier?”

“Luo Feng! Be careful! 6.1 km ahead there’s a beast, it’s energy is comparable to an undying!” Babata warned him in shock.

“Undying?” Luo Feng was shocked.

The silly bear looked around.

“Where is that beast, 6.1km distance? There’s no beast in my 6.1km area, in the distance there’s only a mountain, and on it are countless beasts.” Ice bear Luo Feng communicated with Babata.

“Stupid! That ice mountain is a beast.” Babata said.

“My god.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

The silly bear maintained its silly composure, following the other beasts and casually walking along the ice layer. However it clearly saw this continuous mountain range ahead.

“The ice mountain is a beast? This ice mountain, just from a glance, is at least 1,000km.” Luo Feng muttered.

Damn.

In terms of size, this ice mountain was probably not smaller than earth, however, it was actually a beast?

…

The ice bear continued to walk in this vast abyss world, it was incredibly vast. The number of beasts probably ranged in the trillions. If the first nest he discovered earlier was a river, than this deep abyss world’s beast nest was like a vast ocean!

Beasts in the trillions!

He frequently bumped into sector lord level beasts. Even occasionally bumping into huge beasts with energies comparable to undyings! These undying beasts were all extremely huge. The smallest was at least a few thousand km, the largest couldn’t be seen end to end.

“Phew!”

From an ice tree that was a few hundred km thick with the diameter of the top being a few thousand km, suddenly countless branches shook, producing a terrifying swallowing energy, causing some of the holes above to madly swallow.

After awhile!

A black horned man fell through and immediately caused the large amount of beasts to howl, up to tens of thousands of beasts roared and rushed over, “Ah!” A piercing scream resounded as the man fought for a few seconds before being trampled and smashed into nothing.

Howl…

The beasts all roared excitedly, amongst them an ice bear roared too.

“My god.” Ice bear Luo Feng glanced at the remains, shocked within, “Luckily I became the ice bear and descended. If I came down in my human form and surrounded by so many beasts, how would I survive?”

Even sector lords that came here would die without a doubt!

In the dark abyss world, Luo Feng roamed for over 3 days. He had discovered the trillions of beast, and among them were many sector lords and huge undying level beasts, and there were over 20 of them!

“Luckily right now I’m a beast too.” Ice bear Luo Feng shook his bottom, amongst the countless beast, he slowly roamed.

He didn’t dare do anything out of character, following the other beasts about, because he didn’t know…in this abyss world, whether there were any other great beings undercover.

“Careful!”

“I cannot be careless.”

“I rather waste more time and slowly progress than make a wrong move.” Luo Feng wandered about slowly within the abyss world. However even slowly, he actually travelled over 100k km in a day.

…

In the blink of an eye, two months had passed and Luo Feng had survived over two months in that abyss world.

“It’s really boring here in this abyss world. Only beasts live here, and the more peculiar thing is…there aren’t even any demon notes.” Ice bear Luo Feng roamed helplessly. Demon mountain was split into demon note mountain and ice mountain, and for this demon note mountain to have such a vast area without any demon notes, that was indeed strange.

“What’s that?” Luo Feng gazed into the distance.

There, a glow of gold light could be seen.

As it was too far, he couldn’t see it clearly.

“I’ll head over!”

Luo Feng continued to move slowly forward. After a few thousand km, amongst the beasts, he looked up into the distance. There were many floating palaces. While he seemed stupid in appearance, Luo Feng was actually shocked within.

“Floating palaces? Palaces that emit gold light?”

“Within this vast abyss world there’s countless beasts, which makes sense. But now there are even floating palaces?” Luo Feng looked on carefully, and with a glance there were about 32 floating palaces. Every one of them was about 10km in diameter, and every one of them glowed gold.

Amongst them, about 23 of them were covered in white light, like a net, completely engulfing the 23 palaces.

“Ang!”

“Wang!”

Weak and little sounds emitted from the floating palaces ahead, without any attack prowess. This however made Luo Feng’s soul feel extremely comfortable.


Chapter 575: Undying

32 palaces were glowing gold, and were floating in the endless abyss world. Among these palaces, 23 of them were covered in white light barriers, but the rest of them did not have these barriers.

“Howl.”

“Ao!”

The beasts everywhere all looked up at the floating palaces, almost as though they were attracted by them. Sou! Sou! Sou! The many beasts all flew into the sky towards the palaces.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The beasts clashed into the white light that enveloped the palaces and fell straight down, smashing into the ice layer and splitting it apart. These beasts then stupidly stood back up, and a group of them actually jumped up again and flew towards the white light.

Clash! Fall! Stand back up and jump again! Clash! Fall again…

Some of the stupid beasts seemed to have only muscle in their brain, only after consecutively failing many times did they finally give up.

…

Ice bear Luo Feng too looked up at the 32 palaces.

“32 palaces, 23 of them have white light.” Luo Feng looked up. The beasts were attracted toward these 23 lit palaces, like moths to a flame. As for the other 9 that didn’t have a protective layer over them, the beasts that flew towards them easily passed right through.

“I’ll give it a shot!”

Luo Feng prepared his fat and bulky ice bear body and jumped.

Sou!

One could only see the gold light within the palaces covered in white light, one could barely see anything else within.

“Peng!” The ice bear clashed into the light and fell, landing with a crash into the ice layer, before slowly climbing back up.

“The strength of the barrier is shocking, my clash didn’t even affect it at all.” He was shocked within, “Even when the sector lord level beasts crashed into it, it didn’t even affect it.”

Sou!

Luo Feng once again jumped up, his one jump was a few hundred km high. This time however, he headed towards one of the 9 palaces that wasn’t enveloped in white light.

Resplendent gold light!

Hu!

Ice bear Luo Feng headed straight into that majestic floating palace.

The entire palace was built simply.

At the center was the majestic palace, and around it was a rock plaza, where beasts were casually lumbering about, some even standing within the plaza.

“Hm?”

As the ice bear Luo Feng landed in the plaza, he immediately felt the temperature change. “The temperature is changing? The temperature here…is definitely not as cold as before.” Simultaneously he observed the construct of the floating palace, which was separated into the palace and the plaza. And both of them were built with the black stones. There wasn’t a hint of ice within.

The surface of the black stones even had strange engravings within them, these engravings were all in gold!

Countless gold engravings were imprinted within the walls of the palace and the plaza.

The glaring gold light shot out from these engravings.

“What mysterious law engravings!” Luo Feng looked at them and felt a sense of wonder, “Babata, record them.”

“Understood.”

At this time…

All the walls of the palace and the plaza suddenly shot out a dreamy light, countless amounts of light passed Luo Feng and swiftly gathered within the palace, forming an incomparably mysterious engraving picture. After it had completed, it became a layer of white light.

This white light enveloped the entire palace.

“What.” Luo Feng was shocked as he turned to look.

“Peng!”

“Peng!”

He saw a few beasts jump at the light from outside and crashed into it before falling.

“Before, there were only 23 of the 32 palaces that were covered in light. All of a sudden, this palace has been covered too?” Ice Bear Luo Feng looked about, the beasts in the plaza were either still roaming about, sleeping, or just messing around, they didn’t seem to even notice the suddenly light.

“Hm?”

Ice Bear Luo Feng carefully headed towards the light and reached the side of the plaza, extending his claw in.

Chi!

His claw passed right through without any resistance.

“Ah?” Luo Feng relaxed within, “It stops outsiders from getting in, but there is no resistance from within, I seem to be able to leave without any resistance.”

Luo Feng kept his claw and turned to look at the huge palace.

The plaza was about 10km in length and width, the palace was about a quarter of the plaza.

Howl…

A translucent flying beast with 8 wings was casually flying towards the entrance of the palace. This beast was about domain lord level 8 in strength, formed completely from ice, it looked beautiful under the gold light. As it reached closed to the entrance.

A black shadow flashed!

“Boom!”

Something smashed onto the beast’s body, this over 100m long beast was knocked so hard it immediately exploded. Countless ice shards scattered all over, while some bits passed the light barrier before flying back out.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was shocked as he held his breath and watched.

There at the entrance stood a gorilla beast that seemed to be formed from the black stone. He wielded a similar black long rod, on it were mystical gold engravings. The gorilla wielded his rod and glanced outside, his gaze sweeping past the beasts before he turned and returned into the palace.

“Stone life form?” Luo Feng was shocked.

There were many life forms in the universe.

Metal, plant, flesh and blood, energy, what was life? Anything with intellect was considered life. And these beasts…the special beings produced in demon mountain’s environment, couldn’t even be considered life forms. Because they had no ability to think at all.

“There are stone life forms in the palace. However, from the information the Virtual Universe company provided, they said there were only beasts here. That stone gorilla beast however, that gaze… it’s definitely a proof of intelligence?” Luo Feng was shocked. One could easily tell intelligence from a simple gaze.

…

Luo Feng observed patiently within the plaza, not daring to barge in.

Within 3 days time, he had seen 18 beasts attempt to enter. However at the entrance, that stone gorilla would knock and break them apart.

“I have a feeling there should be a big secret within the palace.” Luo Feng thought.

The gold light!

The mystical gold engravings he didn’t understand!

The mysterious stone gorilla guarding the door!

And this palace that floated within a nest of countless beasts!

Everything all hinted at the palace having a huge secret, any fool would be able to deduce at least that much.

“However, how do I enter?” Luo Feng looked at the entrance. “If I just go, what happens if I get killed just like that?”

Rumble!

The entire abyss world shook violently. A terrifying ripple spread in all directions, hitting the white light that covered the palace Luo Feng was in.

“What’s going on?” Luo Feng turned to look outside.

Howl…

Howl…

Ga…

Tens of thousands of beasts roared, the powerful explosion caused an entire uproar.

“Haha, you low level beings dare mess with me?” A voice like a god resounded throughout the space.

“Senior, even though these undying beasts aren’t much threat, if they stick together it’s too troublesome. Let’s hurry and enter the inheritance palace.” Another explosion, another booming voice.

“Alright!”

“Ah, out of the 32 inheritance palaces, only 8 are empty, the rest all have people in them?”

“Hm? That’s strange, The Great Union’s information stated that 9 were empty. Hm, doesn’t matter, anyway there’s just 2 of us. Whether it’s 8 or 9, we are ok.”

The two voices resounded from 2 different places.

As the land and skies boomed, the countless beast’s roared and howled. The two powerful silhouettes rushed towards 2 palaces without white lights from 2 different places.

“Hm?”

Ice Bear Luo Feng stayed in the plaza. The howls and roars from outside slowly grew weaker, quickly silencing completely, everything returned to its original calm state. However…Luo Feng was uneasy within.

“There’s actually people.” Many thoughts flashed in his mind, “Inheritance palace? 8? 9?”

The 2 voices earlier…should be 2 absolute warriors!

At least undyings!

“Great Union? What organization is that?” Luo Feng was shocked. “The information the Great union gave was that there were 9 empty? When I came earlier, there were indeed 9 of the 32 that weren’t enveloped in white light. Don’t tell me…the moment someone enters, the palace will immediately raise a white light?”

Indeed.

Just as he had flown into the plaza earlier, only then did the white light envelope the palace.

“Is the palace able to recognize the difference between me and the other beasts?” Luo Feng looked shocked at the palace ahead.

Even undyings and even more powerful beings.

If they didn’t directly scan Luo Feng, they were unable to tell the difference of a mosha clansman’s transformation. However…this peculiar inheritance palace, was able to detect the difference and raise the barrier.

…

Luo Feng calmly stood in the plaza.

Obviously!

He had arrived at the mysterious core of demon mountain… inheritance palace! And this place…accurately speaking had 32 inheritance palaces. Then, at this time, including himself, there should be 26 with people in them.

“Looks like this inheritance palace hasn’t been a secret amongst the upper echelons of the universe. They actually send undyings here to accept the inheritance.” Luo Feng thought, “However to accept it, it seems like not anyone can simply enter. Afterall, even my teacher Hu Yan Bo hadn’t heard of its existence.”

Indeed!

These sort of universe secret areas, to just come across once, undyings had to pay a hefty price, much more than even primal chaos city!

“I must be lucky to have been able to get here.”

Luo Feng looked at the palace before him.

“How do I enter?” Luo Feng pondered for awhile before swiftly making a decision.

Hu!

A human Luo Feng appeared before the ice bear.

“My mosha clansman will carry the core and remain outside while my earth body will enter!” His eyes gleamed, in a flash he rushed towards the entrance.

Howl…

When the beasts in the plaza saw the human Luo Feng, they immediately roared.


Chapter 576: Forbidden Inheritance

The beasts’ had extremely low intelligence, something that only the special environment of demon mountain could create. They only existed to kill the intruders! Hence, when they saw a human suddenly appear in the plaza, they naturally went into a frenzy.

“Howl…”

“Ang…” The beast’s became blurred images and rushed towards Luo Feng, wanting to tear him to shreds.

And the human Luo Feng that appeared beside the ice bear had rushed straight towards the entrance the moment he appeared. His domain lord level 9 cloud contact vine covered foot stomped the ground and with a bang, the ground around the plaza shook, and he became a shooting star that rushed towards the entrance.

Sou!

As he rushed, a large group of angry beasts howled and chased behind him.

Rumble!

The black long rod suddenly appeared, just that one!

At the entrance, the tall and sturdy stone gorilla wielded the thick black long rod like a baseball player, he created whirlwinds as he waved it. Peng! Peng! Peng! Powerful ice beasts were immediately shattered, as large amounts of ice shards scattered far into the distance and knocked right out of the white light.

Howl…

Ao!

The beasts all stared fiercely at Luo Feng, madly rushing towards him.

However, the stone gorilla stood at the entrance, his aura strong and firm, no matter how many came, it didn’t matter.

“These beasts are really stupid.” Standing there and gazing at the large amounts of beasts rushing over, Luo Feng exclaimed. “The moment they saw me, they all madly rushed over! Even after knowing there’s no hope they still try. Luckily the light protects the palace, making the trillions of beasts outside unable to enter.”

At that time!

The plaza was left with nothing but broken ice shards, with only one beast remaining…the ice bear!

All the other beasts were smashed by the stone gorilla after they madly rushed the entrance!

The palace was tall and majestic, almost like a mountain, Luo Feng seemed small within.

“This is the inheritance palace, where do I accept it?” Luo Feng was dressed in the silver armor outside and cloud contact vine armor within, he carefully treaded within and examined the huge palace, there was a large amount of black fog, in the distance, the black stones occasionally condensed and then melted and dissipated.

The stone gorilla looked at Luo Feng, hugging his black long rod and stopped moving in his corner.

“How strange!”

Luo Feng looked at the scenery filled with black fog, “Babata, have you discovered the mystery of this place?”

“Unable to detect!”

“My scanning signal has been completely jammed.” Babata said.

“What?”

Luo Feng was shocked.

Babata’s scanning device was extremely expensive, even though its area was small, at only 20km! It was something Hu Yan Bo had used in dangerous secret regions. It was usable in many secret regions. However within this inheritance palace…the signal was jammed?

“Rumble…” A booming sound could be heard.

Within the palace, rumbling occurred within the black fog area, after which a mysterious sound could be heard, “Ang…Chang…Wu…” The combination of the sounds formed a very mysterious noise, making Luo Feng feel incredibly comfortable.

“This is it!” Luo Feng thought, back when he saw the 32 palaces, he heard this sound.

The sound reverberated throughout!

The palace changed greatly!

A broken piece of black stone suddenly floated before him with peculiar words, the strokes were similar to the engravings earlier, Luo Feng didn’t recognize the words at all.

“This, this…” He was shocked as he looked at the mysterious words on the stone, “I’ve never even seen these words before, yet I can clearly understand what they mean, it’s unbelievable.”

The words continued to appear and disappear.

After awhile, Luo Feng finally understood all of what it said.

“Demon note general?”

“Inhertiance?”

“157,672?”

His eyes were filled with shock.

The mysterious words that appeared on the stone, in summary, said this…

“Since the birth of this demon note inheritance forbidden land, you are the 157,672nd who has come to receive this, those that have the right to receive the demon note inheritance …

Any life form with a soul can receive it.

However since the birth of this place, none have ever completely received the full inheritance, receiving the title of demon note general. Demon note general, be it flesh and blood life form, energy, metal etc, the main thing is that life must have a soul, anyone can become a valuable demon note general!

Demon note general, unique and unmatched!

Since the birth of the universe, it’s been set that there would only be 1. When the time actually comes that one is able to completely receive the full inheritance, becoming a demon note general, this entire forbidden land will crumble.

Puny life form…

Work hard!

Work hard to become a demon note general, follow the inheritance steps on the side, slowly climb the path to becoming an absolute warrior in the universe…”

…

In the palace.

The black mist rumbled about, that mystical sound reverberated throughout the huge palace, simultaneously, the changes that kept occurring within the palace produced a 3 li wide black stone staircase at the end of the black mist, every flight had peculiar engravings, glowing gold.

Human Luo Feng stood before the stairs and was silent for awhile.

“Demon note official?”

“Any life form, as long as he has a soul, has the right to become a demon note official?” Luo Feng looked at the mysterious stairs that formed from the parted black mist, feeling awe within.

The universe was mysterious.

This, Luo Feng had known before.

The human race, had a total of 1008 universe countries, every one of them incredibly vast, the leaders of these countries were invincible and eternal beings…and there were even more powerful beings that created the virtual universe.

However…

Humanity was but 1 of the trillions of races in the universe, however, it was one of the top!

There were a few pinnacle races.

And also some that may not be considered pinnacle, but were in fact very strong, like the Mosha clan, in terms of clan strength…it was probably in the top 10,000. Like the golden horned beast, in terms of strength it ranked one of the top. However their numbers were simply too little, but that didn’t mean they were weak!

Trillions of races!

Endless universe!

Countless secret areas!

“Demon note inheritance? Who left it?” Luo Feng looked about, seeing the words of that displayed earlier, “The touch of humans here is very obvious, obviously it was left behind by some great being! From what I know, demon mountain had been here long before the virtual universe company had taken control of the absolute beginning region!”

Demon mountain’s history was extremely ancient, just like blood river world.

The universe secret regions were very mysterious.

Some were naturally formed environments, however absolute beginnings would leave behind their palaces and training grounds etc. These beings may have controlled parts of the entire secret region even before the virtual universe had taken over. Only against the might of the virtual universe, they chose to back off!

Any resistance would be crushed by the huge power of the virtual universe!

However…

The absolute beings of the universe, even though they back off before the virtual universe company, it didn’t meant they were weak!

“From what I heard from the 2 undyings earlier, the virtual universe would arrange for large amounts of undyings to be stationed in demon mountain.” Many thoughts ran in his mind, “Even Babata didn’t even know anything about the mysteries of demon mountain. Obviously, this secret belongs only to the upper echelon of the universe, even more mysterious than primal chaos city.”

“Demon note general?”

“This inheritance forbidden land, the moment one life form completes the inheritance, the entire space would crumble? Demon note general, there’s only one in the universe?” Luo Feng nodded, from what it sounded like, there would only be 1 in the entire universe…he would indeed be an absolute warrior in the universe.

“There’s actually been 100s of thousands who’ve come before, yet no one has actually completed.”

Luo Feng shook his head, not thinking anymore.

Sou!

With a step, he reached the mysterious staircase.

When his boot landed on the 1st flight, immediately the surrounding scenery grew hazy, Luo Feng couldn’t see the scenery around him anymore, only the never ending staircase ahead. Simultaneously, mysterious information began to permeate his mind.

“Accept the inheritance!”

“Train in the inheritance!”

“Every level will bring new information, when you reach the end of the stairs, you’ll become a great being of the universe…demon note general.” The voice rumbled in his mind, the mysterious training methods continuously flooded in.

In an instant, Luo Feng was subdued by the techniques.

This was a soul technique, one needed a soul to train in, in terms of its wonders, compared to the soul imprint his teacher Hu Yan Bo had left behind for him, it was many times clearer, the 2 couldn’t even be compared.

“I feel that this nameless inheritance technique is comparable to the 9 universe tablet, the tablet entices people to study it, and this…is a completely detailed technique. Just this one technique alone is priceless.” Luo Feng was excited.

His eyes gleamed strongly!

In his mind he had the golden horned beast’s inherited memories, and he had seen the treasure trove of the virtual universe company, countless techniques from everywhere.

And because his perspectives were wide, he could instantly deduce…

This mysterious technique definitely belonged to the highest of inheritance, an inheritance along with the universe laws and paths itself!

In an instant!

He was completely immersed in the training of the technique…

…

It wasn’t just his earth body, the golden horned beast in the internal world too began to train simultaneously. Only the Mosha clan remained helpless and silly, because this belonged to a kind of soul special technique, and the Mosha clansman was unable to train it.

“Just who left behind this technique, such a terrifying technique, if I can make progress in it, becoming an eternal and invincible being in the universe definitely wouldn’t be an exaggeration!” Luo Feng didn’t think much more about it, he suppressed his mad glee and completely immersed himself in the training.


Chapter 577: Execution

Virtual universe, a specially opened space.

“Howl…” Completely green dragons snaked through the space, “Ang!” The beautiful 7 colored wings could be seen everywhere, within this huge space, with a glance, one could spot tens of millions of different types of mystical beasts, some beautiful, some violent.

Tens of millions of beasts flew about.

A completely red majestic group of palaces floated in mid air, within one of them.

“Pa!” A tall and sturdy man with a single silver horn covered in purple armor fiercely slammed the wine glass in his hand, the translucent glass flew hard onto the floor and burst apart, the man’s expression was struggled, his eyes like 2 eternal burning stars, he raged and roared, “How, do they think that I’m a pushover, I’ve waited so long for the demon note mountain inheritance, for my student Mist emperor to get a chance, and you are telling me it’s gone?”

“Knight!”

An old white haired man bowed and said, “It’s not that it’s gone, but he’ll have to wait for the next batch!”

“Next batch? Bull shit!!!” The silver horned man roared, “Each batch of the demon note mountain inheritance is 10,081 eras apart! And every batch has at most 32 people, I spent so much treasure and invested so much. Finally I got picked and acquired a slot! But you are telling me…there’s an anonymous unknown life form that took one of the 32 palaces, and you lack one slot.”

“How is it my business there’s 1 lacking, why take away my student’s chance? Why not take away others?” The silver horned man was incomparably angry.

“Knight!”

The white haired old man bowed, “When the ballot was cast, Mist emperor was the 32nd, right at the back, hence the people above decided…”

“Get out, get out!” The silver horned man violently waved.

The white haired old man bowed, not daring to speak anymore, he turned and left immediately.

The silver horned man’s expression was struggled.

For a knight like him, one of the great eternal beings of humanity, there was hardly anything that made him feel cheated, but this time…

“The great union those bunch of punks, they took my gifts and favors, and now they all act all righteous, taking away my student’s opportunity.” The man was filled with hatred, however he was clear that since they made the decision, there was no use in him raging.

“Just who is it!”

“Who took my student’s slot?” The man raged.

Demon note inheritance!

It was tens of millions of times more valuable than the chance to study in the primal chaos city, because the primal chaos tablets were after all for people to study and comprehend the laws. The demon note inheritance however was a solid incredibly detailed training method, as long as one followed the training, his powers would grow by leaps and bounds.

“Wait till the next batch? 10,081 eras later?” The silver horned man got angrier the more he thought about it.

His disciple Mist emperor was an emperor undying.

To become a knight was extremely difficult!

However through the demon note inheritance, on a certain level of degree, it would greatly increase his chances of becoming a knight. Right now he didn’t know who took his student’s chance, making him wait over a hundred million years.

The pinnacle beings and their matters, Luo Feng definitely didn’t know.

He only knew he had to grab his opportunities and go train.

…

Within the inheritance palace, inheritance staircase.

Luo Feng had been standing on the 1st level for a day already, he closed his eyes and stood on the black stone stairs, in his mind his spirit energy constantly training the inheritance technique, this nameless powerful technique shall be temporarily called the Supreme Demon note manual.

This Supreme Demon note manual, according to the information that Luo Feng received from the 1st flight, was mainly split into 2 parts.

1 was basics.

2 was the demon note technique.

Of which the basics portion’s 99% was mostly making a solid foundation, once that was done, the demon note technique would be easy to train.

The basics here referred to spirit energy amplitude!

For example when Luo Feng controlled 1 flying blade, his strength in attacking with that blade could reach a certain number. And his limit was…simultaneously controlling 78 blades, all 78 of them reaching max power, this made his amplitude 78! Back when Luo Feng was on earth and he was still weak, he could simultaneously control about 10 or so blades at max power.

Soul, had the spirit energy amplitude!

Body, had the strength amplitude!

The undying altar measured the strength amplitude, normal strength amplitudes could reach 100, that would be perfectly controlling one’s every bit of energy! When one reaches 100 in that aspect, that would be the normal limit!

Same theory.

The spirit energy amplitude, to be able to control 100 flying blades with every one of them reaching max power, that was the normal limit too!

However!

These are under normal circumstances.

Like the golden horned beast and it using its body to attack, its normal strength amplitude could also reach 80-90. However the moment it unleashes its ability strengthen! Immediately it would jump several times making the amplitude go over a 100. Like Deities of the world, the body’s strength would rise a few times too!

Reaching a few hundred! And the golden horned beast’s right claw, the moment it triggered the blood river energy, it’s power would greatly increase!

The body’s strength could be risen multiple times!

In theory, 100 was the limit, however that was the normal limit. Through special techniques, treasures, all these could raise that limit! And these additions were incredibly valuable in the universe.

…

Natural ability strengthen affected the body and soul, basically everything.

The golden horned beast’s soul amplitude was currently 78, however once it used its natural ability, its power would rise a few times over!

And this Supreme Demon note manual, was something like Deities of the world from its memories, and even more powerful…once one had great progress in Deities of the World, it would raise one’s powers by 27 times. However, Supreme Demon note manual was much stronger.

This was an extreme inheritance that aimed at breaking all limits!

…

“What a mysterious anomaly!”

“Even stronger than Deities of the world, this is heavenly!” Luo Feng opened his eyes and looked at the many levels of steps ahead of him, with a glance, they reached into space itself, he took a deep breath, with a step, he flew to the 2nd flight.

When he landed on the 2nd flight, incredibly detailed technique immediately poured into his mind.

Continue training!

Day after day!

Level after level!

In this inheritance staircase that stretched to space, Luo Feng progressed.

Actually when he first began the process, he received information… that once it started, it couldn’t be stopped! He had to continuously proceed forward, the training itself was actually a torture of one’s willpower and consciousness, the moment one was unable to withstand it, then…the inheritance would automatically end!

In the vast universe, over a trillion years, 100s of thousands of different life forms had all come to receive the inheritance.

However…

Not a single one of them could finish the entire process!

“Who knows how long this thing will take!”

“Hm, opportunities like these don’t come easy, I cannot miss it.”

Luo Feng was almost like a starving beggar eating a meal in a long time, madly immersed in his training, the more he trained, the more he felt his consciousness amplitude rise, quickly exceeding 100, this normal limit continued to rise further.

It was heavenly.

The more he trained, the more he understood that if this technique were to be exchanged for in the treasure trove of the virtual universe, it would be an exorbitant price! The treasure trove may not even have such a technique within.

“I only have this one chance to train.”

“I’ll train as much as I can, maybe I’ll make great progress! No matter, if I don’t give it a shot, how will I forgive myself?”

When Luo Feng was within the core of demon note mountain receiving the inheritance, the assassins sent by Official Po Yu from the 1,000 star sect were troubled.

6 months later.

Virtual universe, on an island specially for the 9 star warriors to stay.

On that island, a group of palaces took up an extremely large space, it was the reputable headquarters of the 1,000 star sect in the virtual universe.

In a particular palace.

“God!”

2 sector lords and 2 domain lords bowed respectfully.

The shockingly beautiful Po Yu’s long hair flowed, an absolute beauty, she sat in the throne, leaning on the back and looking below, “You 4 haven’t discovered the target?”

“Yes, god.”

The 4 were nervous.

The 4 were from the initial 6 sent, the other 2…had already died within demon note mountain!

“Useless things!”

The absolute beauty snorted coldly, “I’ll give you another half a year of time! I hope, you won’t disappoint me!”

“Yes.”

The 4 had cold sweat beading from their foreheads.

…

Time passed and in an instant, they had already spent a year within demon note mountain and in that year, another domain lord of the group died, because he was hit by demon notes…he unconsciously became a zombie.

The final 3 survivors all left demon note mountain.

…

“Congratulations, you 3 have survived for a year within demon note mountain, you have the right to enter our virtual universe company.” The troops stationed at demon note mountain from the virtual universe company, the lowest status of the group swiftly went to receive the 3 survivors.

Ba Yan and the other 1,000 star sect warriors glanced at each other, helpless.

They came to demon note mountain only on Po Yu’s orders, in truth the 3 of them had no wishes to join the virtual universe company and become a lackey for others.

“Bring the 3 of them here.” A voice resounded in that staff’s ears.

“Yes, Official Po Yu.”

The staff immediately brought Ba Yan and the others to her shrine.

…

Deep in the shrine in a hall.

Po Yu lay in the throne, her jade green tail meandered about in the throne, her eyes gazing down below at the shifty trio.

“God.”

The 3 knelt down.

Po Yu waved her hand and immediately forced the space ring off the domain lord’s fingers, forcefully breaking the soul imprint and retrieving the e9 grade laser gun.

“God, the target is only a universe level 9, and we haven’t discovered him in a year, and he hasn’t come out. It’s very likely he was killed by others within. Or he was hit by the demon note and turned into a zombie.” The strongest of the lot, sector lord level 9 Ba Yan spoke.

“Let’s hope so!”

Po Yu nodded, her gaze sweeping past the 3.

Their eyes immediately became rigid!

After which, Pu tong, Pu tong, Pu tong, they fell on the floor, dead.

“However, you all know too much, you have to die.” Po Yu said coldly, sending people to kill an important genius of the virtual universe company, the moment she was discovered, she, an Official level undying…even if she wasn’t killed, she would be locked in the space hell.

“A year.”

“That punk should be 80 to 90% dead. Po Yu muttered softly, after which she smiled charmingly, the space around seemed to burst in colors suddenly.


Chapter 578: Beginner

Po Yu was lazing about entirely on in the throne, her white jade like fingers gently tapping on the arm rest, her gaze fixed on the 3 bodies below her, the space slightly warped and a space ripple with the power of origin laws of an undying covered the 3 bodies, with several cracks, they immediately became dust.

“That punk, he should be dead, however, he’s only the interest.” Po Yu muttered softly.

Suddenly, hurried footsteps came from outside.

“Teacher!”

“Teacher!”

Worried shouts came from outside the palace.

“Come in.” Po Yu gently frowned, speaking.

The one leading that rushed in was one dressed in purple decorative armor, a handsome youth, his eyes were sunken in, pupils green, on his forehead there was an engraving. This handsome youth’s expression was filled with pain and rage,he rushed in and knelt hard on the floor, shouting, “Teacher, please save my hometown…Mo Cha planet!”

“What’s going on?” Po Yu frowned, “Your hometown Mo Cha planet is a powerful planet with quite a few undyings, why do you need me to save it?”

“Teacher, some of my clansmen unintentionally offended Mist emperor’s people, who’d expect the powerful Mist emperor to come out personally and use his space techniques to place my entire planet…the entire planet, forced into his god country!” The handsome youth was about to cry.

“Planet, the entire planet was forced into the god country?” Even Po Yu was shocked.

God country.

That was the soul location of an undying, sector lords had their internal world, undyings had their god countries, the moment their internal worlds collapsed, the sector lord would definitely die!

The moment the god country collapsed, the weaker undyings would die. And some with techniques and treasures may survive, however their powers would be greatly reduced. To a point where they’d have no future! It could be said that…the god country was half of the undying’s life!

The god country had many uses, the reason the undyings were powerful was because the god countries were powerful.

In there, the undying’s power would greatly rise…even though one could force an enemy into his god country, having his power rise much greater, it also however gives the enemy the chance to attack his god country. Hence, unless one had 100% guarantee, or was forced into a corner, very few would actually force an enemy into his god country.

To force an entire planet in?

“Your planet, in Mist emperor’s god country, will have a very tragic end.” Po Yu sat high in the throne looking down on her disciple, “If it were simply destroying, he could easily use one punch to destroy it. However he actually took the effort to place your planet into his god country, unless he tortures it enough, he won’t be satisfied.”

“Just what did your clansmen do to offend him?” Po Yu frowned.

“A small matter!” The handsome youth knelt there and shouted tragically, “There’s always been some friction before, however the underlings of Mist emperor would usually handle these small things. Who’d expect him to personal make a move, forcing the entire planet into the god country.”

“Teacher, please save my planet.” The handsome youth shouted.

“I cannot do anything!” Po Yu shook her head.

“Teacher!” The handsome youth’s eyes were filled with tears.

Po Yu looked at her disciple kneeling below, saying softly, “I’ll try.”

After which she closed her eyes, sending a thread of her consciousness into the virtual universe network, she looked for a good friend to speak to Mist emperor…

After awhile.

“Leave.” Po Yu opened her eyes and said.

“Teacher?” The handsome youth looked up at Po Yu in the throne, his expression filled with hope.

“It’s your clansmen’s fault they offended Mist emperor when he’s in the worst mood.” Po Yu frowned and ordered, “No one can save them.”

The handsome youth gripped his fist.

“Leave!” Po Yu ordered coldly.

“Yes.” The handsome youth didn’t dare speak another world, he feared offending this cold teacher of his, thus he left respectfully.

Only Po Yu was left in the huge palace, she frowned, muttering to herself, “No wonder he’s so angry, his powerful teacher actually got a slot in the Demon note mountain inheritance for him, and someone else actually took it…hehe, this wait, will be another 10,081 eras before he gets another chance. If it were me, I’d be angry too. Only thing is…just who was it that took his slot!”

…

Within the god country.

An endless ocean, within were fragments of ice, there floated dark green majestic palaces, in the center of them was a million km tall dark green statue…Mist Emperor’s statue!

In the ocean over a hundred million km away from the palaces was a planet with a diameter of over 30,000 km floating.

From it flew out many silhouettes that knelt in mid air, constantly begging.

“Mist emperor! Spare us!”

“Mist emperor! Spare our Mo Cha planet!”

“Mist Emperor! We have wronged! We have wronged!”

A few undyings and sector lords were kneeling in mid air, their voices booming all about. At this time, within their home…Mo Cha planet, there would occasionally be lightning flashes or flames about, sometimes snow and blizzards or even hail that dropped like countless blades shooting down, it was simply a nightmare.

Mist emperor!

With dark green floating long hair, a square face, his eyes even madder than a space beast, he wore an exquisite long robe and stood in mid air, coldly looking at the torture he was dishing out to Mo Cha planet.

“Spare you? Wronged?”

He laughed suddenly, “It’s too late!”

“Too Late!” “Too Late!” “Too Late!” “Too Late!” his voice echoed constantly through the ears of the Mo Cha warriors, the undyings and sector lords were all in extreme pain, regret and hatred! However they couldn’t do anything…Mist emperor, as an emperor level undying, was too powerful.

The power his god country held was even more shocking.

Just the god country pressure alone made the undyings unable to resist.

“10,081 eras, over a hundred million years! From my birth till now, this entire long period has only been 12,000 eras. To make me wait so long…” The more he thought about it the more he raged, he gripped his fists even tighter, causing the space to tremble so hard it felt like it was about to split apart, “Just who is the bastard that took my slot!!!”

“Who!!!”

Mist emperor raged within, and that planet floating in mid air, had an even more tragic fate ahead.

In the vast universe, within the virtual universe company controlled Absolute beginning region, Demon mountain.

Within one of the 32 inheritance palaces of demon note mountain. Luo Feng was focused on receiving the inheritance, how would he know he’d taken Mist emperor’s slot, even to the emperor level undying’s…10,081 eras was a very long period of time. He had only lived for a total of 12,000 eras. It was akin to a 30 year old preparing to get married, however god ordered…don’t rush, wait another 30 years, marry when you are 60.

Who wouldn’t be anxious? Who wouldn’t be angry?

…

Within the inheritance palace

Black mist engulfed the area, the many layers of stairs extended upwards…

In theory, a space like this with only a few tens of km in length and width wasn’t shocking, however the distance Luo Feng saw far exceeded over 1,000km. This effect of having a world within a grain of sand didn’t really shock Luo Feng. Afterall, something a sector lord was capable of, it wasn’t strange the absolute being that left behind the inheritance palace couldn’t do.

“Finished another part!” Luo Fe ng opened his eyes, face filled with glee, he became a beam of light and headed to a higher level.

Pa!

the moment he stepped on the flight of stairs…the deeper training methods once again poured in, simultaneously a voice resounded within the space.

“Hm?” Luo Feng turned to look.

Mysterious words appeared in the space beside, similar to the style of words on the stone tablet before, even though Luo Feng didn’t recognize them, he instantly understood their meaning.

“Beginner?” He was shocked.

The summary of the words were…

“Life form that have chosen to receive the inheritance, you’ve already received 1/10th of the 1st part of the demon note inheritance! The demon note general inheritance has a total of 3 parts, to be able to completely finish the 1st part will earn you the beginner title, and receive the beginner reward!”

“The end of the 1st part is in that distant temple, the beginner reward is right there!”

“Work hard!”

Rumble…

The stairs in which he stood on extended far away, and at this time it was still endless, level after level, finally….far far away, at the end of it, in that distant space, there was a temple of which was hard to see clearly with the naked eye.

“The end of the 1st part? Beginner reward?” Luo Feng looked at the distant temple, thinking, “I’ve only been receiving the inheritance for about a year, about 300 levels of it. And I’ve only completed 1/10th of the 1st part. Then this 1st part, wouldn’t it have over 3,000 levels?”

The 1st part had over 3,000 levels.

A total of 3 parts.

If the 2 later parts were the same, there would be over 10k levels!

“To finish all the stairs and finish the inheritance, how long would that take?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but be shocked.

Saying is one thing.

However in truth…over a trillion years since demon mountain existed, with 100s of thousands receiving the inheritance, yet none had ever fully completed it!

“Thinking so much is useless, I’ll first complete the 1st part and become a beginner, then I’ll receive the reward in that temple.” Luo Feng was anticipating, “This inheritance palace sure is something, the prize definitely wouldn’t be bad. Who knows what it is, treasure? Weapon? Armor?”

He didn’t think anymore, continuing to immerse himself in training, 1 year’s worth of work…even just a part of the inheritance alone made him feel that his power had risen greatly already.

This inheritance was indeed a heavenly technique!

If Luo Feng were to give it a price…it would truly be a priceless treasure! More than even the entire Time space scribbles!

“I really have to thank Mo Luo for that kick!” Luo Feng exclaimed within.


Chapter 579: Panic

When he had first entered the inheritance palace, the mosha clansman had entered his internal world, the core resided within his earth body.

Within Luo Feng’s internal core.

His soul which had already condensed into a crystal ball, was engulfed in mist floating about this was Luo Feng’s spirit energy, countless amounts of energy condensed into engravings, large amount of them were permeating the crystal ball. Almost like venom infecting it, causing the ball to have slight changes as it absorbed the engravings.

Even though the changes were little, it was constant and kept changing!

Not even for a moment!

Luo Feng’s earth body and golden horned beast controlled the spirit energy to train their souls.

…

It takes time to be tempered into steel.

A piece of metal requires being broken down time and again and molded over and over to become steel, at this time, Luo Feng’s soul was going through this process, in training the Supreme demon note technique, his soul was constantly changing and evolving, almost like a piece of metal being molded into steel…such was the process his soul was undergoing.

Similar to Deities of the World, that too was a change in the body too! Unleashing it would shrink the body, causing the muscle and bone density, scales etc to raise at an extreme rate.

99% of the basics of the Supreme Demon note technique was on changing the soul.

Unleashing this would make one’s soul control amplitude rise greatly!

A normal sector lord’s soul, using maximum power on assassination weapons, normally would able to control up to 100 of them..

A normal sector lord’s body amplitude was at most 100 times.

When Luo Feng stood on the 100th level of stairs, his spirit energy amplitude had already reached 100, this, under the normal circumstances would be a sector lord’s perfection!

And now that he was over the 360th level, his spirit energy amplitude had already reached over 360!

What did this mean?

When he first arrived here, his amplitude was only 70-80, right now it was over 360!

It had jumped 5 times!

A simply comparison, when he first began he only had 1 gun! Now he had 5!

His spirit energy usage speed was 5 times from before!

“It’s akin to 5 against 1!” Luo Feng looked at the stairs that extended forever, looking at the distant space and the shrine at the end of it, he couldn’t help but get excited.

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang mountain public region, within a quiet loft of a hotel.

A golden armored True Yan emperor lay on the sofa, his eyelids drooping, he gave off a powerful angry energy, filling up the entire room, even the staff were all scared as they stood in the corner not daring to make a sound, they cleared their throats and held their breaths.

“Cackle, True Yan emperor!” A strange piercing cold laughter resounded within the room.

2 people walked up from the stairs.

A skinny skeleton like human with eyes like 2 balls of flames, his chin with a goat’s beard, he donned a golden robe and held 2 golden round balls that he fiddled with. Behind him was a handsome youth…Mo Luo!

Mo Luo, even though he was already old, because of his bloodline, he would still look like a youth.

“You’ve come, True Yan shot a glance.

“Cackle, True Yan emperor, you are looking for my disciple this time, it means you need a favor from me. Before me, don’t be ugly.” The golden robed skinny old man cackled, lying in the sofa beside and ordering, “Staff, leave us!”

“Yes!”

The staff all obediently left, leaving only 3 in the room…True Yan, Mo Luo and Mo Luo’s teacher.

“If it weren’t for my disciple Luo Feng, I’d be too lazy to meet you, seeing you disgusts me!” True Yan laughed coldly.

“Cackle, what an honor.” The old man mocked.

This old man was also a very powerful man within the virtual universe company, he too had passed the 20th level of the heavenly bridge, close to becoming a knight, his name was Prison emperor! The 2 had always been rivals, extremely talented!

Of which True Yan was direct and straightforward, intrepid in reputation.

Prison emperor was more known for being evil and treacherous.

As their characters clashed, True Yan did things openly while Prison emperor was sinister, the 2 had always disliked each other. Prison emperor had deemed True Yan as his rival but True Yan had always despised him, however, even so…in terms of strength, the 2 were close!

These 2!

Were both incredibly close to becoming knights! Amongst the emperors, they were amongst the pinnacle! They were strong in their own ways! Naturally True Yan was able to use his strength to suppress his enemy, but it would be hard for him to actually kill him.

“Speak!”

True Yan glanced at Mo Luo behind Prison emperor, “You said your disciple Mo Luo went to Demon mountain and even met my disciple Luo Feng! Tell me, when did they meet? Under what circumstance?”

“Anxious?” The strange old man looked at True Yan.

“Hmph!” True Yan snorted coldly.

He was indeed anxious.

This was because the virtual universe company had informed him earlier that Luo Feng had been in demon note mountain for over a year but he hasn’t answered or given any notice, and the impossible level missions were extremely dangerous, the moment they were hit by the powerful demon notes, they would unconsciously become zombies. Under normal circumstance…these geniuses would occasionally enter the virtual universe network.

However, over this year, Luo Feng hadn’t entered once!

This made the virtual universe company suspect…

Was he dead?

Naturally they informed his teacher who was closest to him…True Yan emperor! True Yan knew that Luo Feng had gone to demon mountain, after receiving that notice from the company, he immediately sent a mail and call request to contact Luo Feng, however there hadn’t been a response. It was almost like Luo Feng was dead.

Under such circumstances, there were 2 answers.

1, Luo Feng was dead! Naturally he couldn’t answer.

2, he was immersed in training and shut off all communication to not be distracted by anything.

“Anxious?” The golden robed old man mocked, “Looks like your disciple has yet to reply to you. Actually, not having a response… doesn’t mean he’s dead, he might be locked in training or something.”

“Ah!”

Prison emperor slapped his head, “I must be old and senile, your disciple is in demon note mountain. In that place, there’s demon notes everywhere! There’s no place to stop and train at all, much less immerse himself in training. Since he cannot train…then, he should be dead!”

True Yan’s expression grew heavy, his eyes shot golden light, roaring, “Prison emperor, I wished to speak to only your disciple and you are forcing your way in. I’m showing you respect by speaking to you. Don’t push it!”

“Cackle, you must be anxious.” The old man waved his hand, “My good disciple, tell him.”

“Yes.” Mo Luo bowed respectfully.

“True Yan emperor.” Mo Luo bowed.

True Yan looked at the respectful Mo Luo, he couldn’t help but glance at prison emperor, “Such a good disciple, he’ll be a wreck under you!”

“Hmph.” The golden robed old man couldn’t bear to smile.

“Speak.” True Yan looked at Mo Luo.” When did you see Luo Feng?”

“True Yan emperor.” Mo Luo said respectfully. “1 year ago.”

“1 year ago?” True Yan frowned.

The notice the virtual universe company gave was also about a year ago, that Luo Feng hadn’t entered the virtual universe since.

1 year!

With True Yan’s long life span, 1 year was simply too short. However in such an environment such as demon note mountain…1 year was indeed too long.

“I’m currently still in demon note mountain.” Mo Luo said respectfully, “However, I haven’t seen Luo Feng since.”

“Ah?” True Yan’s frown grew deeper.

“Hmph, True Yan True Yan, you may not know…your disciple actually tried to sabotage my disciple before in demon note mountain.” Prison Emperor said.

“Sabotage?” True Yan stared hard at Mo Luo, “My disciple Luo Feng tried to sabotage you?”

Mo Luo was somewhat nervous.

“Don’t be afraid.” Prison emperor sat in the sofa, lifting a wine glass and casually waving his hand, “Your teacher is hear, that ape man cannot touch you, say the entire story.”

“Speak honestly!” True Yan stared at Mo Luo.

Mo Luo took a deep breath, speaking, “True Yan emperor elder, it was like this. I was in demon note mountain earlier than Luo Feng, in there I discovered the patterns to the demon notes…hence I stayed for long periods in a place close to where the beasts were, even though I was close to the beasts, and the demon notes were constantly changing, it was a spot where I could easily predict.”

“One day!”

“I heard a beast howl and I knew someone had encountered a beast.” Mo Luo took a deep breath, obviously he was nervous, “I had encountered this many times, this time I carefully sneaked over to observe.”

“However…”

“The person I saw was actually using a cloud contact vine! I immediately guessed…that this person definitely wasn’t an aboriginal, a universe level 9 aboriginal definitely wouldn’t have a domain lord level 9 assisting plant life form.” Mo Luo said, “Hence, I helped, with the 2 of us combined, we defeated the beast and we fled from the scene. When he saw me, he immediately recognized me…”

“And he changed to his original form! It was actually Luo Feng!”

“To meet our own people in demon note mountain, I was very happy, I chatted with him for awhile as we fled as the beast would regenerate and chase after us. However I didn’t expect…I didn’t expect…” Mo Luo was shivering.

True Yan frowned.

“While my guard was down, while we were fleeing together, he suddenly attacked me, at close distance, I couldn’t defend in time, I was instantly heavily injured! And I fought hard to protect myself after.” Mo Luo shook his head, “Actually in that instant I was attacked, I understood…he was probably thinking of me as an opponent in the qualification battles, getting rid of me would mean he would have a greater chance of entering the primal region.”

“Cackle, True Yan, you’ve heard it.” The golden robed old man laughed coldly.


Chapter 580: Luo Feng’s Limit

True Yan looked at the obedient Mo Luo standing before him, he actually had a good feeling about this primal region genius. However the story he told earlier made True Yan frown, he ordered, “What you said is true?”

“True Yan emperor elder.” Mo Luo bowed, “Under my teacher’s questioning, only then did I reveal this story. Other than you 2, I haven’t told anybody else.”

“Hmph!”

True Yan snorted coldly, “Go, all of you!”

“Cackle, angry, True Yan, you are raging, cackle…” The golden robed skinny old man laughed arrogantly.

Mo Luo remained bowed.

True Yan squinted, gold light glowing.

“Cackle, let’s go!” The skinny old man laughed and vanished. Mo Luo too vanished, leaving only True Yan in the room.

His expression was cold, speaking softly, “If I hadn’t known my disciple for so many years, I would really have suspected! However… Luo Feng that punk, is definitely, amongst my disciples, the one with the strongest beliefs, he does things the most straightforward and cleanly, the one with the most principles!”

After being with his disciple for so long, he really respected this student.

Heart like a mirror, seeing through everything!

Heart like a blade, slicing through illusions!

Anyone who’s able to reach such a stage would do things with the most principles. Such a person would have the pride of a warrior, even if he wanted to get into the primal region, he would do it with his own strength. He definitely wouldn’t try and secretly kill or back stab another to attain victory.

“Student, I believe you are still alive, there must have been something special that’s happened in demon note mountain that’s held you up.” True Yan said softly, in his mind a thought flashed through his head…of the 32 inheritance palaces in demon note mountain, he had just come to know that there was one that had an unknown life form.

If that unknown life form was his student then that was the best outcome.

“Haha…I really know how to ponder.” He shook his head, “My student was able to reach fantasy ocean’s 10th island before failing. If that Mo Luo could survive till now, he definitely can too.”

Time passed.

Day by day, year after year…

Luo Feng was completely immersed in the inheritance training, step by step, his soul evolved constantly. A few special techniques could only be unleashed after evolving the soul, just like his teacher Hu Yan Bo’s soul imprint, it required altering the soul!

Only when the soul had special qualities would he be able to unleash those special techniques.

…

In the blink of an eye, 3 years passed.

In an underground ice cave below demon mountain, a massacre had just ended.

“Hehehe.” Mo Luo gently flicked off the blood from his fingertips, looking at the body below, you are only an aboriginal, dying by my absolute genius hands is your honor. If it weren’t for the 10k black tags reward, I wouldn’t bother to attack you.”

Mo Luo swiftly took the space belt and scanned it with his spirit energy.

“31 black tags?” He immediately revealed a look of mad glee.

“Haha…my luck is really good!” He gripped his fists excitedly, “I lacked only 30 tags and this aboriginal had 31,the automaton weapon I specially bought for this demon mountain was indeed a worthy investment. Even though I can only use it once. However I successfully killed 2 sector lords and made my black tags acquirement much easier.”

“10,000 black tags, it’s finally enough!”

Mo Luo’s eyes gleamed.

“It’s been 3.5 years since I entered demon mountain!”

“I could have left half a year ago, only because of the black tags did I stay till now, thinking of ways and means to set traps etc.” Mo Luo smiled, his smile was proud and satisfied, he was very satisfied with all that he had done throughout his entire demon mountain mission. Whether it was checking out the structure and environment of demon mountain, ensuring he stayed in the safest regions.

Or backstabbing Luo Feng.

Or assassinating the sector lords, everything was perfect.

“No one can stop me.” Mo Luo muttered softly, “My teacher is stupid, treacherous and evil? If you let others know you are treacherous than that wouldn’t be treacherous anymore, that’s simply stupid.”

After which, he turned and swiftly began his route back.

The way back was easy!

Because during his time in demon note mountain, whether it was the aboriginals or the virtual universe company majesties, they would swiftly record down their paths! With a warrior’s memory and calculating abilities, following the paths they had taken before, intersections etc, they can all swiftly form an incomparably clear map in their minds!

With this map, they can find a safe and close way to return swiftly!

…

When Mo Luo flew out of a particular cave, there were staff there immediately awaiting to welcome him.

“Your majesty Mo Luo!”

“Your majesty Mo Luo, this way!”

The staff accompanied Mo Luo and quickly a white robed youth came to welcome him, it was the Yi Chang that had welcomed Luo Feng.

“Your majesty Mo Luo.”The white robed youth smiled and led the way, “You’ve spent over 3 years in demon note mountain, Yi Chang respects you.”

“Hm.” Mo Luo smiled and nodded, “Thanks for leading the way, I’ve already collected over 10,000 black tags…”

“10k,000 black tags?”

The white robed youth was greatly shocked.

My god.

Collecting 10,000 tags was simply too difficult, because even those that spent on getting E grade lasers would find it hard to achieve. As the E grade lasers usually had preparation time, and in that instant, that was enough for a sector lord warrior to kill them easily.

Sector lord and universe level 9, the difference was too much!

Hence collecting the 10,000 tags was a lot harder than surviving for 3 years.

“Congratulations your majesty.” The white robed youth immediately felt like this Mo Luo before him had a huge future before him, immediately he was incredibly passionate and respectful, “It’s been very long since we’ve had anyone collect 10,000 black tags. I heard, the prize is shocking.”

“Shocking prize? What treasures?” Mo Luo was interested.

“I don’t have the authority to know.” The white robed youth said softly. “However I’ve heard it is shocking.”

“Hurry and lead the way.” Mo Luo was anxious after hearing it.

“Yes.”

When Mo Luo left demon mountain to acquire the treasure. Luo Feng was in the greatest treasure of demon mountain itself… receiving the demon note inheritance!

…

Inheritance staircase.

The many levels of stairs extended into space, all the way to that tiny little shrine.

“What do I do? I’m reaching my limit?”

Luo Feng stood on the 1,129th level of stars, looking back at the little blur of steps behind, and looking back up at the distant stairs ahead, he couldn’t help but frown.

“According to the Supreme demon note technique information, I can probably at most accept another 1 to 200 levels and that would be my limit!” Luo Feng was helpless.

When he first began, he came to know of many things.

The inheritance, belonged to one of the more mysterious inheritance in the universe, one of the pinnacle that had harsh requirements on the soul, right, incredibly harsh, so harsh that over a trillion years, with batch after batch of life forms receiving, yet none had completed it.

To reach such a stage, 99% of them were undying!

The many undyings couldn’t even succeed, just how hard was this?

The demon note inheritance, had harsh requirements on the soul!

And the absorption of blood river crystals had harsh requirements on the body. In blood river world…it was hard to find anyone able to absorb 10 crystals. And the golden horned beast actually absorbed over 90 ! This was because of the special properties of its cells in the body.

…

The demon note inheritance was looking for an absolute genius with a soul capable of completely absorbing it, if such a genius was able to complete it, he would become a unique and all powerful demon note general.

The inheritance had high requirements!

And the soul of undyings, had all gone through the evolution of breakthrough from sector lord to undying. Hence almost every undying had souls stronger than Luo Feng’s, much much stronger!

…

Many undyings were stuck at the end of the 1st set!

Some of them were stuck at the 2nd!

Very very few actually made it to the 3rd.

There wasn’t a life form that had completed the 3rd yet.

And Luo Feng?

With a soul of only domain level 9, not even experiencing the greatest evolution of soul, from sector lord to undying. Hence, his soul was simply too much weaker than the undyings. Luckily he had gone through the primal chaos city’s true spirit absorption, hence his consciousness and spirit energy control was very strong…thus he was able to make it to level 1,129.

However…

The moment his soul felt fatigued, it would mean his absorption limit was almost at 90%, this was the information provided.

“I’ve already felt it, I’m reaching my limit!”

“My limit should be between about 1,200-1,300.” Luo Feng thought, “And this 1st level should still have about over 3,000 levels.”

His limit could only withstand 1/3rd of the 1st part.

There was no way.

This inheritance was intended for undyings, his soul was only domain level 9 and he rushed in…if he could take more that would be absurd.

“What do I do?” Luo Feng looked up and ahead.

In the distant depths of space, that tiny shrine was the end of the 1st part, reaching there would make him a Beginner, allowing him to acquire the Beginner reward. This demon mountain that had been here for who knows how long, and the treasures left behind by that being definitely wouldn’t be inferior.

However one had to finish the 1st part to acquire it.

“I’m still over 2.000 levels away from the shrine!”

“And my limit can only take 1 to 200 more levels.” Luo Feng pondered as he trained. To do so only slowed his training down slightly.

“I can’t accept this!”

“Such an encounter!”

“The virtual universe has so many undyings stationed here, and this place has trillions of beasts gathered. This inheritance…is so heavenly! I definitely cannot ever get such an chance again.” He quickly calculated in his mind, seeing if there was a way to accept more of the inheritance.

Accepting the inheritance to levels 1,200-1,300, reaching his limit and leaving, this was something he couldn’t accept.

However, how could he change the limits of his soul?


Chapter 581: Loophole

The soul, as a flesh and blood life form’s core, for it to suddenly evolve, it was something the current Luo Feng was unable to do.

“Slowly!” He gritted his teeth and continued to receive the demon note inheritance.

1 step, 1 level at a time!

Only with constant work everyday could he improve!

In the blink of an eye, several months passed again, on the 1,236th level, Luo Feng who was in full armor knelt on the floor, gasping softly, the pain and fatigue from the soul was making him about to crumble.

“I’m almost saturated.” Luo Feng’s eyes had a sense of being undefeated, he felt the sharp pain in his soul, almost like someone attacking his soul, that incomparable fatigue…made him feel like he was about to fall asleep anytime. According to the information about the inheritance, this represented that Luo Feng’s soul was already almost full from receiving the inheritance.

Even if he forced his way through, he could at most progress another 1 or 2 levels.

“Is this the end?” He looked up and ahead.

The many levels of stairs continued on, on into the distant space.

“Pa!”

His body shuddered, simultaneously as he stepped on the 1237th level of stone stairs, feeling the inheritance pour into his memory, he still didn’t stop…taking another step trying to get to the 1238th level.

The moment he landed on it.

“Wang…Chang…”

The strange demon note pierced straight into his consciousness.

“Break!” Luo Feng’s incomparably solid willpower roared within!

However that gentle and non offensive like demon note actually permeated into his willpower and consciousness, “Get out!!!” He condensed his willpower, wanting to expel all of the demon notes out against his powerful willpower and consciousness, the demon note didn’t even seem to fight back.

Gradually…

Luo Feng had a memory of when he was young, listening to his mother sing him to sleep.

“Trouble!”

“No!”

“No!!!” Luo Feng knew he was falling in, barging forward without accepting the inheritance had resulted in the strongest of demon notes attacking him.

Sleep!

Sleep!

“No!”

Sleep…

Luo Feng felt his consciousness sink more, slowly, sinking…it was a bottomless abyss!

…

Luo Feng stood on the 1238th level, his eyes shut, his face revealed a simple smile. After which, he behaved like a robot, flying back and landing on the 1237th level.

“Mang…Jian…”

The demon notes changed.

Luo Feng’s consciousness rose from the bottomless abyss, almost like returning to reality from the darkness.

“Hm?” He opened his eyes quickly.

He awoke!

“Phew, phew…” He gasped for breath, sweat beading from his forehead profusely, his face pale.

“That was too dangerous, too dangerous, against that demon note earlier, I had no way to withstand it.” Luo Feng who had always confident in his willpower and consciousness strength felt like he just received a new lease of life. One had to know that those that came to the demon note inheritance palace were all mostly undyings.

Just how strong were their defenses?

If the demon notes could affect these beings, how could it not affect Luo Feng?

“Luckily, I guessed earlier that the demon note shrine was specially built for the inheritance, it shouldn’t have any threat to the inheritors.” Luo Feng felt his mind constantly receiving the 1237th level of information, lifting his head once again to look at the endless space and that shrine.

He couldn’t accept it!

He just couldn’t accept it!

“The cloud contact vine can at most extend 3,000km, I don’t know if it can reach.” He thought, even though he felt like the design of the palace wouldn’t have such a loophole, he couldn’t resist not giving it a shot, he immediately extended his right arm and from the sleeves shot out a thin vine.

Chi chi chi…

It extended and quickly grew longer and thicker, heading towards the shrine.

When the cloud contact vine had just reached universe level, with 72 vines, every one of them had already reached 300km long. The domain lord level vine now could reach up to 3,000 km…its structure could be said, if placed in the center of china, it could cover the entire territory!

“There’s actually no resistance!”

“No resistance at all?” He couldn’t believe it, watching the vine extend towards the distant space.

“Shrine!”

The vine pierced into the shrine!

Chi!

“Hm?” His expression changed.

The shrine which he could see was simply like air, the vines that grew there couldn’t even touch anything.

“What’s going on?” Luo Feng controlled the vine to sweep about.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

The air swiveled about.

However no matter how the vines swept, even against the stairs that led there, it couldn’t touch anything at all.

“This, this, this…” Luo Feng was shocked, after which he sent another vine from his right arm towards the stairs he was on.

Chi!

The vine passed right through the stairs, almost like there was nothing there.

“How can this be?” He frowned.

“Luo Feng, I think I understand it. Take out a robot, try again.” Babata’s voice resounded within Luo Feng’s mind, he nodded and the 1,000s of km cloud contact vine shrank back, simultaneously he retrieved a robot from his space ring.

This robot was completely gold, it was a robot guard he had gotten from the virtual universe company. These guards were similar to the liquid silver guards, but more durable. These robots were provided by the company.

It floated in mid air and bowed respectfully at Luo Feng, “Master!”

“Step on the stairs.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes!” The guard immediately landed and stepped.

Hu!

Similarly, it was like he stepped on air.

“Di, di, di…” The guard’s red crystal eyes immediately had large amounts of words flashing through them, as though it was swiftly calculating things after which he turned towards Luo Feng and said, “Master, these stairs cannot be stepped on. However, master you are standing on them…there’s no logical explanation in my information database.”

Luo Feng nodded, with a wave, he kept the robot back into the space ring.

“Just as I guessed, it shouldn’t be wrong.” Babata’s voice sounded.

“What’s going on?” Luo Feng asked even though he roughly began to understand too.

“Luo Feng, this mysterious inheritance palace, all the treasures etc, only the inheritors can receive them!” Babata said, “Just like the inheritance your teacher left behind, like when I accept the disciples. The bank accounts he left behind, only the disciples that pass through the inspection can retrieve them.”

“1 theory!”

“To be able to build such a terrifying inheritance palace, existing for a trillion years, with even undying beasts. The virtual universe company even sends so many absolute undyings to be stationed here. Obviously…” Babata said confidently, “That being…belongs to the most pinnacle of eternal beings, far exceeding your teacher.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

That being that left this behind, he abilities were far beyond his imagination. After all the demon notes he left behind…could easily overcome undyings, if he came out personally, how absurd would that be?

“Hence, this great being, the palace he built, the treasures can only be retrieved by the inheritors.” Babata said, “Whether you use a supporting plant life form or machine, ships etc. As long as it’s not the inheritor themself, they wouldn’t even be able to touch the stairs, shrine etc, almost like they are all in a different space altogether.

Luo Feng nodded.

They couldn’t even touch it, the use of space far exceeded Luo Feng’s imagination.

“You are an inheritor, only you can touch the stairs and shrine.” Babata said, “Every inheritor must have to be able to receive the inheritance. However, the life forms with souls…obviously cannot withstand the demon notes he left behind. They can only take one step at a time.”

“If they can withstand it?” Luo Feng smiled.

“If they can, that would mean that inheritor is also a great being. It would make sense they can retrieve the treasures.” Babata said.

Luo Feng nodded.

Looking up at the distant shrine in space, while receiving the inheritance, he pondered.

“The design is indeed perfect.”

“Inheritance palace, only a life form can receive the inheritance and they must have souls.” He exclaimed, “And the life form with a soul will definitely be affected by the demon notes. This way…they really have to follow the great being’s plan of taking one step at a time, until they reach the shrine.”

“However!”

“There are life forms that defy logic in the universe.” Luo Feng stared at the shrine in space.

Sou!

In mid air, another black clothed Luo Feng appeared, his life energy was identical to his earth body, it was Mosha Luo Feng!

“My mosha body, can completely clone its energy to my earth human body.” He stood there, Mosha Luo Feng too began to descend and land on the stairs.

Pa!

He landed on the stairs!

Standing on the solid stone stairs.

“Very good!” Mosha Luo Feng smiled, immediately taking a step to the next level.

“Wang…Chang…”

That terrifying demon note pierced into Mosha Luo Feng.

However…

Demon note, accurately speaking was a form of soul hypnotism, it was a terrifying super hypnotism. Those that were affected would lose their sense of reason and become zombies!

However…

The Mosha Luo Feng didn’t carry the core. The core remained with the earth human body.

The Mosha Luo Feng without a core…was simply like a real Mosha Clansman!

It wasn’t affected at all by soul attacks!

As long as any attacks were linked to the soul, it had no effect whatsoever on it!

“Right, just like this.” Mosha Luo Feng smiled and walked on the stairs, heading to the next level, the demon notes piled on, however the seemingly celebratory Luo Feng was celebrating as he proceeded upwards.

Another step after another.

More steps.

The great being that left behind the inheritance would probably never had guessed that, a life form with a soul and another soul less life form…could actually be the same person!


Chapter 582: The Treasure of the Shrine

The demon notes sounded, if one couldn’t see the effects of the demon notes, just listening to them alone, they were wonderful

On the stairs in space, the many levels extended upwards.

Mosha Luo Feng became a beam of light passing through the many levels, quickly reaching the 3,333th level, this was the final level of the 1st part. And before him, was a 1,000m tall shrine with the outerwall filled with peculiar statues, there stood 2 huge gold doors.

The door was open.

“Shrine!”

Luo Feng looked at the huge gold door that exuded shocking pressure, before this door that was at least a few hundred meters tall, he was like a small ant.

“I’m here.” Luo Feng flew straight in.

Mist covered the entire shrine, there floated a stone tablet amidst the mist, on it mysterious words appeared, after awhile, the meaning of the words were… “You are the 61,201th inheritor who’s come here, you have the right to obtain the title Beginner, receiving the beginner reward.

The moment the words finished.

Luo Feng looked all about, wanting to find the treasure, however suddenly…

“To be able to get here, 1 is to finish all 3333 levels of inheritance stairs, the 2nd is like you, forcefully withstanding the demon note until you reach here.” A complex mysterious voice resounded within the shrine, the language as something he had never heard before, yet Luo Feng understood everything it said.

He was shocked when he heard the words.

Demon mountain had existed for over a trillion years, that great being should have long left the place.

“To be able to withstand the demon note, you must at least be a universe knight! Simply being a universe knight means you already are an absolute being in the universe, yet you till eye the little treasures I leave behind. Haha…since you’ve personally come, take the little treasures I’ve left.” After the voice finished,2 energy balls floated there.

1 golden energy ball.

1 grey ball.

Mosha Luo Feng stood in the shrine, looking up at the distant floating energy balls, laughing within, “That being must have left behind a warning in the shrine. He must have discovered I didn’t receive the 3,333 levels of inheritance and barged my way here, he must have thought I withstood it all.”

“However, still truly powerful.”

“According to what he said, those able to withstand it must at least be a universe knight.” Luo Feng exclaimed within.

Knights, they were split into space or time knights.

In the universe they were definitely absolute beings, to be able to build a universe country, dominate over trillions of galaxies and countless lives. Even amongst the pinnacle of races, humans, the universe country leaders were huge figures. Amongst the weaker races in the universe, a knight…would most probably be the ultimate power.

“From the looks of it!”

“The one who left behind the inheritance should be stronger than a knight.” His gaze fell on the 2 energy balls.

In the mist, 1 ball of gold and another of grey floated.

Rumble!

Rumble!

The grey energy ball exploded open and within it floated a grey stone board, it was about 3m long, half a meter wide and on it were incomparably complex naturally formed engravings, the center complex engravings actually formed a bird like creature.

The gold energy ball exploded open and revealed a crystal like gold fruit.

From the 1st glance, it was similar to the cantaloupe melon Luo Feng ate on earth, however even though this floating fruit was gold, it was translucent, one could faintly see the insides of it, and it was surrounded by gold energy.

A stone board.

A fruit!

These were the treasures the inheritance palace left behind.

“Luo Fu Liu board!” Babata was shocked, “The punk that left this behind sure is generous, the 1st part and he actually leaves behind the treasure Luo Fu Liu board!”

“What’s that?” Luo Feng asked.

“This board is similar to your dark cloud shuttle.” Babata said, “It is a flying weapon to be stood on.”

“Flying spirit weapon?” Luo Feng was curious.

The spirit weapons in the universe, to Luo Feng were considered cheap. The level 5 weapons…may be expensive to the sector lords but they didn’t matter much to Luo Feng. This naturally formed board before Luo Feng however, was something he had never seen or heard of.

“Is this board very expensive?” Luo Feng asked.

“What a joke!” Babata said, “Luo Feng, those level 1 to 5 spirit weapons are for beings under undyings to use! Undyings can’t be bothered to use such weapons. Even one of the 9 god weapons the Nan Shen Armament…unless its an average undying, otherwise any others with strength would switch for something better.”

Luo Feng nodded, this he knew.

“The origins for the weapons used by undyings come from many places.”

“And the Luo Fu Liu board is considered an exceptional flying spirit weapon even amongst the undying weapons. Only few Official levels have it. Most of them are emperor level at least.” Babata said. “It is a naturally formed stone board from the universe, its power is shocking!”

Luo Feng was stunned.

“Only few Official level have it. Then my teacher?” Luo Feng asked.

“Which?” Babata asked, “If it’s True Yan, then he’ll definitely be able to acquire it. My master… was weaker. The flying spirit weapon he used was much weaker. After all the price of the Luo Fu Liu board is 1 to 2 million mixed elements, and even so, very few people sell it!”

Luo Feng took a deep breath.

Calm, he had to keep calm.

1-2 million mixed elements?

“Sick, really sick!” He felt that he was very poor already, 1 million mixed elements, just what was that? Back then when Luo Feng joined the auction, the little starfield Da Na starfield was sold for only 1,000 mixed elements. Of course that was still a small starfield.

And the black dragon mountain star field was a big one, its galaxies were 20 times that of the Da Na starfield! As the galaxies were gathered together and easy to govern, its price could be at least 10 times, however even so its price was still only 300,000-1 million mixed elements.

Usually with 500,000 mixed elements, one could already buy the black dragon mountain star field. 1 million was the absolute maximum.

“Just this stone board is comparable to the black dragon mountain star field?” Luo Feng took a deep breath.

“If you brought this stone board to that undying in the sacred land black dragon, that undying will definitely be more than willing to exchange you for it.” Babata said, “No matter what, the black dragon mountain empire is only 1 undying’s entire wealth.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He had to look at this problem from a different angle, it was different than on earth, there were many countries that were personal wealths! Like the Ganwu universe country was that leader’s entire wealth. If it were said… that there were treasures able to raise the Ganwu universe country leader’s power to that of the primal chaos city leader level

The ganwu universe country leader would definitely be more than willing to give away his country and exchange for the treasure.

“What’s that fruit?” Luo Feng asked.

“That I don’t know, I’ve followed your teacher for over 60 million years, i’ve seen and heard a lot, this gold fruit, I’ve never seen before. I only know… another special gold fruit.” Babata said, “But it’s obviously different from that one.”

Within the shrine.

Luo Feng looked up at the 2 floating treasures, even after talking so much with Babata, that had only been an instant.

Suddenly!

More words appeared on the stone tablet floating in the mist, “Beginner reward, the 1st is the Luo Fu Liu board, flying weapon for a spirit reader, with it, survival chances in the dangerous universe greatly rises. The 2nd is the Gold soul fruit, a mysterious fruit that forms only once every 3,000 eras, it has a special quality that can change the soul, making it able to accept more inheritance! This 1st and 2nd part will both have soul changing treasures. Yet, still none have been able to fully accept it completely.”

Luo Feng realized.

He immediately extended his arm and grabbed the 2 treasures, swiftly keeping both treasures in his space ring.

“Gold soul fruit, so it can change the soul.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Seems right!”

“If I were a being that leaves behind an inheritance, I will leave some treasures to try and aid the later generations in completing it.” Luo Feng thought, “It’s a pity, even with the being’s help, the 100s of thousands of life forms that have been here, even the undyings haven’t been able to succeed.”

…

Mosha Luo Feng swiftly left the shrine after acquiring the 2 treasures and flew down.

Sou!

He flew from high above in the shrine down to the 1237th level, standing beside the earth body, passing him the space ring and vanishing into the internal world.

Luo Feng stood there, looking at the shrine, smiling.

“Haha…”

“I got really lucky this time.” He smiled, “The universe is incredibly vast and mysterious, with many miracles, but only through acquiring them would it be a success. This is considered a success.”

With a wave.

A translucent gold fruit appeared, gold energy visible to the naked eye surrounded it.

The gold soul fruit, a fruit formed once every 3,000 eras.

“According to the information from the shrine, it can change my soul, making it better suited to accept the inheritance.” Luo Feng didn’t hesitate and took a bite, as he broke through the skin of the fruit, the meat from within flowed like energy and permeated into his body.

Chi chi chi…

Even the skin outside became like an energy flow, permeating his body.

Luo Feng could only feel a cold rush through his body, and that energy later swiftly entered his core, permeating through the condensed crystal soul The dark gold energy continued to flow in, his soul swiftly began to undergo changes, the blood color of his soul before now had hints of gold.

“How comfortable!”

“The piercing pain from before is completely gone, there isn’t a hint of fatigue, and my attention has risen a hundred times.” Luo Feng could clearly feel the evolution of his soul, “Even the drag from before is all gone.”

His eyes gleamed brighter.

“Hahaha…”

“I can accept more of the inheritance now!” Luo Feng was extremely excited.

“Luo Feng, with regards to the Luo Fu Liu board’s training, let me warn you.” Babata’s voice resounded within Luo Feng’s mind.


Chapter 583: Qualification Battles Begin!

The soul kept evolving, Luo Feng spoke to Babata simultaneously, “The training of the Luo Fu Liu board, what’s there to warn about?”

“Using that board and normal spirit weapons are definitely different!” Babata said, “The Luo Fu Liu board…already has a thread of its own life. The training would be pretty close to that of the cloud contact vine.”

“Slit my wrist?” Luo Feng laughed.

“Anyway, you have to let it suck your blood first.” Babata said, “Even though it has a hint of life, it’s not considered a life form. The cloud contact vine however is a life form. The training of the vine is easier, the Luo Fu Liu board is a little more troublesome.”

“First it’ll have to suck your blood!”

“After which you’ll have to bring it about and use spirit energy on it for long periods of time to appease it, it’s like water seeping in and molding stone. It requires a long period of time for your spirit energy imprint to seep in! The moment it succeeds…the board will meld with your skin and take form.” Babata said.

Luo Feng was surprised, “Change? Is it the same as wearing a genetic armor?”

“Even though it can take the shape of armor, the board doesn’t have the auto defensive ability! It’s armor form will at most be similar to your outermost armor right now, only taking the brunt of impact.” Babata said, “It’s proficiency is in flying, how fast it can fly will depend on you. Of course it’s definitely a lot better than the dark cloud shuttle.”

Luo Feng nodded!

He immediately brought out the peculiar stone board and slit his wrist, fresh blood staining the stone, the stone board swiftly drank the blood, especially in the center where the engravings formed the bird picture, it seemed to move a little.

…

After feeding it once, he used it as a cushion and sat crossed legged on it, sending spirit energy into it gradually and simultaneously accepting the inheritance.

The gold soul fruit was incredible.

The fruit had the ability to affect undyings, much less Luo Feng, the lower the basics, the more obvious the effects! After eating that one gold soul fruit, Luo Feng felt an incredibly obvious change in his soul, the color of his soul became a mix of blood red and gold.

“I’ve been accepting the inheritance for over 3 years, my survival mission in demon mountain is completed. If I don’t leave now, my teacher will be worried.” Luo Feng ordered, “Babata, open connections to the virtual universe network.”

“Understood.” Babata answered.

Just like when a person was focusing on something important and didn’t want to be disturbed.

When Luo Feng was receiving the inheritance, he didn’t want any calls to come through. After all if he didn’t close communications… his family and friends would all call once every few days.

“Connect to the virtual universe!”

He sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network, arriving at Yu Xiang Mountain.

Absolute beginning district, Luo Feng’s villa.

“Shua!”

He appeared out of thin air.

The guards and staff were all shocked from his arrival, after which they all regained their senses and bowed respectfully, “Your majesty.”

“Your majesty, Your majesty” The leader sector lord Ao Duo who was lying in the distant chair and sipping wine immediately swiftly stood up, his face full of glee and surprise as he rushed over, “Your majesty, there hasn’t been any news from you the past few years, we’ve been all very worried.”

Luo Feng laughed.

“The news of you accepting the impossible level mission has long spread. Within Yu Xiang Mountain…there’s been a rumor that you died at demon mountain.” The bald old man Ao Duo said.

“Died?” Luo Feng frowned, “Who spread this rumor?”

“No idea.” Ao Duo shook his head.

Luo Feng looked in the south east direction, there stood the primal region, he muttered, “Mo Luo, I don’t think you were the one who spread this rumor right. However…don’t worry! I’ll surprise you very quickly.”

After which, Luo Feng swiftly walked into his villa and entered his study.

Sitting before his desk, he opened his laptop and swiftly sent a mail to his friends, family and teacher, letting them know he was fine.

At that moment…

Many calls came!

“Luo Feng, you are too vicious, you’ve disappeared for over 3 years! And in the impossible level mission, you really scared all of us, we really thought you died there in demon mountain.” The manka prince Wuka shouted excitedly, “Immediately come over! We haven’t seen you in years.”

“I knew you definitely wouldn’t have died!” On the screen, Rong Jun smiled at Luo Feng.

“Father!”

“Grandfather! This is my great grandson…”

“Luo Feng!”

Luo Feng looked at his huge family on the screen, he couldn’t help but recall that reason behind the human race becoming one of the pinnacle races was due to its numbers. He had left earth for about 200 years, and in these 200 years, his family had grown so much.

The initial few, his parents, brother’s family and his family.

Now?

The entire Luo Family had become a huge family. If a 1,000 years, 10,000 years, 1 million years had passed, the family members would range up to the millions and more, that would indeed be normal.

“You, get back now!” On the screen Xu Xin was happy and yet angry.

“Hm!” Luo Feng nodded.

…

However, just as Luo Feng was about to leave immediately for his wife, his teacher True Yan emperor personally came to the absolute beginning region.

Absolute beginning region, Luo Feng’s living room.

True Yan sat in the sofa staring at Luo Feng. Luo Feng stood obediently.

“No news in 3 years.” True Yan’s gaze was like lightning, sweeping past Luo Feng, “And in that demon note mountain…speak, why did you close all communications in demon note mountain.”

“Teacher.”

Luo Feng bowed respectfully, “This was my mistake.”

To True Yan, he was extremely respectful, unlike Hu Yan Bo of which he never truly met, he had been with his teacher True Yan for too long…over long periods of contact, he was very clear on his teacher’s character, straightforward and strong, the way he treated his disciples like his own children.

Extremely protective!

One can pretend easily for ten to hundreds of years, however for a trillion years…that definitely wasn’t pretending anymore.

True Yan’s character was publicly known in primal chaos city.

Over a hundred years of interaction with him, Luo Feng was able to feel his concern towards himself, he immediately bowed respectfully, “Your student has had a miraculous encounter this time.”

“Encounter?” True Yan’s eyes gleamed, “Inheritance palace?”

Even though Luo Feng was shocked, he didn’t hesitate, “Right!”

There was no other way to explain, because in demon note mountain…it was either training or dead, otherwise there was no reason to shut off communications. And training in demon note mountain, unless it was the safe inheritance palace, there wasn’t any other place to really train.

“Really?” True Yan fiercely stood up, he looked at his student in disbelief, “How can that be, how did you enter?”

“Coincidence.” Luo Feng smiled helplessly.

“Pretending to look innocent.” True Yan couldn’t suppress a smile, staring at Luo Feng, “However you shouldn’t have the ability to enter that at all, speak…how many palaces are there.”

“32.” Luo Feng said.

“Hahahahaha…” True Yan couldn’t help but laugh loudly, “I didn’t expect the punk Mist Emperor to actually lose his slot to my student, unlucky.”

“What?” Luo Feng was curious.

True Yan smiled and looked at his disciple, explaining, “The demon note inheritance was long discovered…and there are many with the ability to enter. However the slots are limited! Your entering of the palace naturally took up one slot. And this slot was Mist emperor’s.

“His slot?” Luo Feng realized.

He really didn’t know…

That the slots were all pre set early on.

“The ignorant are not guilty, you entered through the impossible level mission, even if the news is public later on, no one can find a fault with you.” True Yan laughed, “What’s more, Mist emperor and his teacher aren’t people from the virtual universe company. Hence there’s no need to fear…what’s more, if I keep the secret and you remain silent, they wouldn’t necessarily find out it was you.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

As long as he remained silent, even if people suspected, they would never believe that a universe level 9 was able to enter the inheritance palace. Afterall even after he admitted, his teacher didn’t fully believe him.

“There’s also one more thing.” True Yan looked at Luo Feng, the little genius Mo Luo from the primal region told me some news about you.”

“Mo Luo!”

A glint flashed in Luo Feng’s eyes, he snorted, “That punk is incredibly vicious, he may seem righteous on the outside, in truth… hmph, if I wasn’t lucky this time, I would really have been killed by him.”

“So he actually backstabbed you.” True Yan nodded, “He said before that it was you who did so.”

“What? I backstabbed him?” Luo Feng felt rage and unfairness, he couldn’t help but curse, “This Mo Luo, shameless!”

“Haha…the qualification battles, do you have confidence if you meet him?” True Yan said.

“Of course!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Hm.” True Yan nodded, “You encounter this time is indeed a miracle. Only a pity your soul is still weak, you can only take so much of the inheritance! However…even so, that inheritance technique should be enough for you for a trillion years already.”

Luo Feng nodded.

After training, he knew the value of the technique.

Raising his spirit energy amplitude from 70-80 until over 1,200, that was over ten times! What treasure or weapon could have that kind of terrifying effect!

…

After which True Yan left, after knowing his student was safe, he relaxed.

Luo Feng felt gratitude as he watched his teacher vanish, as his teacher didn’t pry into the details, asking just how he entered the palace…as for the golden horned beast identity, Luo Feng really didn’t dare reveal it. Even his own parents and brother he didn’t say.

How could he?

saying that he wasn’t exactly a human but a golden horned beast? He had always regarded himself as human!

“It’s time to meet the wife!” Luo Feng immediately teleported to black dragon mountain island 9 star bay.

…

A thread of his consciousness was in the virtual universe appeasing his family and friends, in reality, he was still in demon note mountain’s core…inheritance palace.

In space, Luo Feng stood on the inheritance stairs, progressing through each level!

The gold soul fruit’s effects were indeed strong, it made his soul go through a huge evolution. Even if I trained there for over 5 years, he still wouldn’t feel any sense of fatigue. And at this time…the once every century virtual universe company universe level qualification battles were about to begin!


Chapter 584: Qualification Battles

Floating in the depths of the absolute beginning region, the majestic demon mountain had the one particular inheritance palace that had levels of stairs that extended into space, up to the 3,333th level.

On the 1,916th level.

Luo Feng who was dressed in silver armor was like a statue sitting with his eyes closed on the stairs, his soul however was constantly evolving, countless engravings permeating his soul. Suddenly the statue stood up and his eyes opened, a glint in his eyes, “Today is the day of the qualification battles!”

“I’ll have to slow down on the inheritance!”

He looked down at his feet, beside them was an ancient peculiar stone board, the Luo Fu Liu board.

“Meld!” With a thought, the board swiftly shrank and melded with his feet. His 2 years of training had finally successfully left his spirit imprint on the board, the board could change its size accordingly, it could take any form and meld with his skin or muscles, even his bones etc.

Luo Feng sent out 90% of his consciousness and swiftly entered the virtual universe.

He left 10% to continue receiving the inheritance, the speed of his training would decrease greatly, it normally took a day for one level before, right now it would probably take 10 days for 1 level.

“Your majesty!”

“Your majesty!”

In the virtual universe absolute beginning region, the universe levels, domain lords and sector lord guards including the staff all bowed respectfully!

“Hm!”

Luo Feng nodded and flew into the sky heading towards Wuka’s villa.

…

Wuka’s villa had become Luo Feng’s, Jiang Mo, Qian shui, Rong Jun, Lancelot, Ao Pat Te La, Ai Chen and Wuka’s gathering spot.

“Hm?”

Gazing from above, he saw that there were already 7 people gathered there.

“Luo Feng!”

“Hurry over!”

The tables and chairs in the villa were already filled and the people there all looked up and shouted, obviously spotting Luo Feng.

“I’m here!” He smiled.

Sou!

He rushed over and instantly closed 10km and landed on the grass, walking towards the table and sitting in an empty seat.

“Luo Feng, today is the beginning of the qualification battles. We’ll probably be gathered in a while, and yet you still took your time to get over, look, everybody else is here. Only you…the slowest! Are we not good enough for you.” Wuka lifted a 1m long piece of barbecued meat and ate, while speaking, Luo Feng didn’t know what kind of meat that was.

“Eat finish before speaking.” Luo Feng sat and lifted the wine before him, opening the cork and drinking, immediately feeling refreshed.

Beside, the Dream clan beauty Ai Chen too lifted her glass and smiled, “The one with the least pressure among us is probably Luo Feng, the rest of us all have a chance of being kicked into the Sky and Land region. Only Luo Feng definitely won’t be kicked out.”

“Right.”

“That group of seniors have all passed the heavenly bridge’s 6th level, our hopes aren’t too good.”

The group of geniuses from all different races all chatted.

“You all…” Luo Feng put down his wine and forced a smile.

“Hence the latest person here is because he’s the most relaxed.” Rong Jun chimed in and said.

“You too?”

Luo Feng shook his head, the competition within the absolute beginning region, he was 100% sure he wouldn’t be eliminated. However different strengths meant they had different targets. Wuka, Jiang Mo and Qian Shui with the others were worried about being kicked into the Sky and land region, Luo Feng’s aim however was to make it into the primal region, and making it there…

Was extremely hard!

Even with his current strength, he didn’t have too much guarantee. “Luo Feng!” Wuka looked at him.

“Luo Feng!” Jiang Mo looked over too.

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng!”

Rong Jun, Lancelot…the rest all put down their food and drinks and looked over, 7 of them looking at him!

Luo Feng was stunned.

“Madman.” Wuka emphasized, “You should know the situation of us newbies, as we just joined the virtual universe company. Hence the difference between our strengths and the seniors is pretty huge, even compared to the seniors of the sky and land region’s top fighters amongst the 300 seniors, we are still much weaker.”

“Among us 8, Rong Jun may be able to fight to stay in the absolute beginning region, however, no matter how he fights…he would still be amongst the bottom here. The rest of us don’t even have a hint of hope!”

The group was silent.

Right.

No hope at all!

The seniors of the absolute beginning region and sky and land region had about ten of them that all passed the 6th level of the heavenly bridge! Their level in origin law comprehension, battle experience was the pinnacle amongst the seniors. The newbies were all set to be eliminated. Without a trace of hope. The couldn’t bear with this helplessness.

“Among the 8 of us, Luo Feng!” Rong Jun said solemnly, he stared at him, “Only you, only you can rush to the top!”

The 8 of them.

6 didn’t have a hint of hope, Rong Jun too only had some chance to remain, but he’d have to give it his all.

Luo Feng looked at the group of geniuses, they were all proud, however they all didn’t have a glimmer of hope, only unwillingly accepting the outcome. However suppressed and angry they were within, they could only send their hopes with their fellow newbie Luo Feng!

“Relax!” Luo Feng nodded.

…

After about half an hour, a rumbling sound could be heard within the region.

“The absolute beginning universe level qualification battles are about to begin, all gather!”

30 seniors and 8 newbies all looked up, the sound resounded from the skies itself, visible to the naked eye a purple armored silhouette stood there. Immediately the 38 universe level members all rushed into the skies and all flew before that man.

“Look, that’s Ke Luo Fu! The strongest amongst the 30 seniors.”

“Chemist Yu Feng!”

The group of geniuses in mid air all observed their opponents, because they would all soon clash!

Luo Feng too was observing 5 people…

The 5 strongest of the absolute beginning seniors, from weakest, Sa Jin Fire dragon, Ge, Ni Nan and the 2 strongest Chemist Yu Feng and Wolfman Ke Luo Fu.

Sa Jin waved his tail, his eyes burning as he stared at Luo Feng, filled with fighting spirit, he communicated, “Luo Feng, I lost last time but this time I will win!” He lost in terms of willpower before, he couldn’t withstand Luo Feng’s consciousness pressure.

The moment he could withstand it, then his black hole evolution could truly be unleashed, Luo Feng of back then would definitely not been able to fight back, after all Sa Jin had passed the 7th level of the heavenly bridge much much earlier.

“I won last time, I’ll win again!” Luo Feng looked back and replied.

“Ge!” Luo Feng looked at the other man.

Ge was a battle crazy person. Even though he was the latest to pass the 7th level amongst the 5, he was more like Rong Jun, his battle talents were extremely high…similar comprehension levels but the strength he could unleash was incredibly powerful.

He had messy yellow hair and he squinted his eyes as he stood in mid air, there were a set of little ears behind the 2 normal ones, he seemed dejected but he still gave off the aura of a wild beast. The other geniuses of the region all stood further away from him, obviously not daring to get close.

Ge glanced at Luo Feng and a glint flashed through his droopy eyes, after which he returned to his original dejected state.

“Ni Nan.” Luo Feng glanced at the silver armored youth.

That youth was smiling, he was the easiest to get close to amongst the 5, when Luo Feng looked over….he too smiled back.

“Yu Feng!”

Chemist Yu Feng!

He was the most peculiar of the 5, he was completely draped in a black robe and one could only barely see his eyes.

“Ke Luo Fu!” Luo Feng looked at the strongest of the 5.

Ke Luo Fu!

Dressed in grey armor with yellow fur on his face, his brown eyes gleamed with green light, his fangs poked through the corners of his mouth, he made Luo Feng feel as though he was almost like a wolf! The wolfman seemed to notice Luo Feng looking over and he turned, suddenly smiling.

“Rumble!”

Almost like a huge beast staring over, Luo Feng couldn’t help but feel his hairs stand.

“Haha…” Ke Luo Fu chuckled lightly, “Interesting punk.”

The wolf man’s words immediately made the rest of the seniors look over, everyone including chemist Yu Feng all looked, while looking, they couldn’t help but feel nervous! Luo Feng too stared back at the wolf man, even though he had met the primal region’s Mo Luo before, his subconscious still felt…

The absolute beginning region’s strongest Ke Luo Fu, was more terrifying than the primal region’s Mo Luo!

This group of absolute geniuses came from many races of humans, 38 representing 38 different races, their dressings were different too. Some were in green, others in flame robes, others giving off chilly vibes, they were all noble, but 6 of them were strongest!

The 5 of the seniors and the strongest newbie Luo Feng!

6!

All passed the heavenly bridge’s 7th level!

“The qualification battles are very simple!”

“You 38 will battle the other 37 each 1v1. The winner will get 1 point! The loser and draws will get 0! The top 3 will be picked according to the scores and they will have the right to challenge the slots in the primal region.” The purple armored skinny man said with a hoarse voice, even his lips were purple. “The primal region has a total of 5 people, they will have their own qualification battle. Their bottom 3 will fight our absolute beginning strongest 3. A total of 6 will vie for that one slot of the primal region.

Silence.

Luo Feng, Ke Luo Fu, Sa Jin, Chemist Yu Feng, Ni Nan, Ge, the 6’s eyes gleamed.

“3 of our absolute beginning against 3 of their primal region members, only one victor!” Luo Feng’s gaze swept past the 5, “The 5 of them, along with 3 from the primal region, I must defeat all of them! Only through that will I become a primal region member!”


Chapter 585: White Dwarf Star

There was one messy yellow haired decadent looking man with 4 ears and droopy eyes, he gazed at the other 5: “Sa Jin, Ni Nan and Luo Feng aren’t too much of a threat! My true opponents are Yu Feng and Ke Luo Fu! In the previous qualification battles, my move wasn’t perfect, hence I didn’t unleash it. This time…I will shock everybody! And rush into the primal region!

Ge was filled with ambition, and his improvement speed was indeed shocking.

…

“Defeating the other 4 will be simple, only that wolf.” Yu Feng who was draped in a black robe looked at Ke Luo Fu, the medicine I specially made for him this time, as long as it works…I have a guarantee of making it into the primal region!”

…

Wolf man Ke Luo Fu floated silently in space, “I’m currently in an impossible mission, I have to keep alert with part of my consciousness. The other part to participate here! Under normal circumstances, I can only use about 70% of my power…hm, 70% is enough.”

…

The group all had their own thoughts.

And the purple uniformed skinny man who represented the virtual universe company continued, “The absolute beginning’s last 18 will battle with the top 10 of the Sky and land region, these 28 will battle for the 8 slots in the absolute beginning region. The losers will be kicked into the sky and land region.”

Luo Feng was shocked within.

The chances of getting kicked out was simply too high.

However, it was right!

The primal region normally has 3 slots for universe level!

The absolute beginning should have 30 universe levels!

Any excess would naturally be kicked out, as long as they weren’t strong enough, they would be kicked!

“Rong Jun may be in trouble this time.” He looked at Rong Jun beside, Rong Jun however was smiling, filled with confidence.

“The qualification battles are just about to begin!” The skinny man looked at the group of youths, “The battles will take place in special locations, at that time, the virtual universe system will automatically send you over. Also, you can watch other battles through the screens!”

“Get ready!”

He vanished right after he finished.

The group of geniuses in mid air then opened their screens, at this time…almost 38 of them simultaneously heard a ringing in their ears, Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! They all were teleported out of Yu Xiang Mountain.

Qualification battles!

It’s begun!

“Luo Feng, the absolute beginning qualification battles, your 1st match is about to begin, your opponent is Moshka.” The sound he head in his ears had this content, simultaneously, an arm bracelet screen appeared on his wrist, on it the battle details displayed.

Sou!

Luo Feng was already transported, to the location where he would face the senior Moshka.

…

38 people, 19 battles began simultaneously!

Yu Xiang mountain primal region, every primal region member’s villa was 1,000km in area, larger than any territory on earth!

Mo Luo was dressed in long pants, standing in his vast grass field and practicing his attacks.

“Your majesty is too crazy.”

“He trains non stop.”

“Most of his training time is spent on his fist work, the Beast fist’s wonders don’t pale in comparison to some undying’s techniques.” The group of sector lord guards all discussed in hushed voices from a distance, large amount of staff too were filled with respect and shock, they worshipped this Mo Luo.

Mo Luo knew how to win people’s hearts.

At least amongst the over 10k personnel in his villa, they all respected and worshipped him.

…

“Howl…” He roared almost like a wild dog instantly becoming a beam of light and rushing 10km ahead, 2 claws tearing fiercely ahead, causing huge tears in the grass that stretched over 100km, almost like 2 canyons.

“Di!”

“Received mail, the absolute beginning qualification battles have begun.” A voice resounded.

Only then did Mo Luo stop.

“It ain’t living if it ain’t crazy enough!” Mo Luo took a deep breath, from his beggar life when he was young, death warrior training in the factions, and his competition among the elites of the virtual universe company, he had fought non stop, finally becoming a core member of the company, and even after he still had to fight to rise and stay.

From the last phase region to sky and land region, from there to the absolute beginning and finally to the primal region.

This way.

He rose from an orphan beggar to the top, becoming a pinnacle genius of the universe!

“Even an undying is only my guard!” Mo Luo gazed at the distant sector lord guards and the leading undying, he smiled and nodded, inside however he roared, “Why, it’s because I fight for it! Using any means, as long as I win, that is the best way for success!”

“The way for an absolute warrior to survive! It ain’t living if it ain’t crazy enough!”

Mo Luo lifted his finger and tapped gently.

Chi!

A screen floated there.

“Watch Luo Feng’s battle.” Mo Luo ordered.

Primal region, absolute beginning region, sky and land region, last phase region, the battles all took place at different times. As the lesser the number of people the less time and other preparation it took. Hence the last phase region with the most number of members, just the members alone was about 10,000!

The sky and land had over 300.

Absolute beginning had over 30.

Primal region only had 5!

Hence, naturally the last phase had the most details to prepare and was the earliest to begin. And the primal region with only 5 members would be the last.

…

The broadcast of the battles were open to any core member. Naturally the undyings with high authority could all watch too.

“I don’t believe that Luo Feng is still alive!” Mo Luo stared at the screen, “I personally kicked him down into that terrifying abyss, according to the data I’ve collected, anyone who falls into the abyss won’t be able to survive.”

Mo Luo was a senior, hence his interaction with others made his knowledge and experience of the impossible missions more than the newbies. Also, he was a primal region member with high authority, he could search for more information online.

Luo Feng simply relied on only searching, his information definitely couldn’t compare to Mo Luo’s.

“He’s definitely dead!”

“There’s actually a rumor in the absolute beginning region that he’s alive!” Mo Luo’s eyes were cold, as Luo Feng had sent out that mail to his friends and gone to visit Wuka and the others. However as he was still receiving the inheritance, his time was critical…hence he only showed himself for a brief moment before returning to the palace.

And only Wuka, Rong Jun and the others had seen him.

The other seniors, those that attended the classes hadn’t seen him since then…hence the news of him being alive wasn’t confirmed publicly.

Of course…

The gathering for the battles earlier, was considered Luo Feng’s 1st public appearance. However this gathering…Mo Luo didn’t personally witness.

“If he’s alive, then I’ll be able to watch the broadcast. If he’s dead, there wouldn’t be his battle at all, naturally I won’t be able to see it!” Mo Luo stared at the screen, “Rumors are just rumors, I kicked him into the abyss personally, I can definitely confirm his death!”

A prompt appeared on the screen.

Di!

“Luo Feng’s battle with Moshka is currently going on, connecting to broadcast!”

The information in the prompt was very clear.

Mo Luo was stunned.

He stared at the prompt for awhile before frowning, saying softly, “He’s not dead? He’s actually not dead? How can he be alive after falling into that abyss?”

Rumble!

Luo Feng felt the space around him warp, and later he landed in a desolate surface of a planet, the ground was a dark red, searing temperatures caused his vision to slightly warp, also the extreme gravity made him slightly tremble.

The terrifying magnetic field made him uncomfortable!

“What place is this?” Luo Feng was shocked, he looked down at the screen on his wrist.

On it the detailed information was already translated into earth language…

Battle: Absolute beginning death qualification battles (Universe level)

Opponents: Luo Feng (0 wins 0 loss) against Moshka (0 wins 0 loss)

Location: White dwarf star (Diameter 3,200km, surface gravity 361,000,000g, temperature 21,000 degree Celsius)

“White dwarf star?” Luo Feng smiled, “No wonder the gravity is so shocking!”

White dwarf star was a forbidden region to the weaker humans.

Universe level 9!

It normally took countless planets to produce 1 universe level, 1 universe level 9 warrior had a punch that could destroy a large continent of earth, if he attacked the pacific ocean he could create a tsunami that could engulf the entire planet! Flying speed in space could reach up to 1,500km per second!

A universe level 9 was already enough to rule a galaxy! Some low level civilizations’ strongest was probably at most only a universe level 9.

3 hundred million times the gravity of earth, over 20k degrees in temperature, white dwarf star’s terrifying magnetic field was indeed nothing much to a universe level 9.

Of course…

If it were Neutron star.

A universe level 9 would instantly crumble, however white dwarf star was something they could easily withstand.

“Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!”

The land shook.

Luo Feng looked over, there a silhouette was running fast, every step shaking the ground, causing the solid surface to crack with every stomp, in an instant he stopped before Luo Feng, he stared at him filled with fighting spirit.

This person was about 2.2m, skinny, bald, without a single hair on his body!

Dressed in silver armor with a black belt, black boots and a wrist screen, he carried a strange shaped blade on his back, a proper universe soldier get up! The universe soldiers that went to battles outside the starfields would dress this way.

He stared hard at Luo Feng without blinking, as if he was looking at a huge enemy, his voice was shrill as it resounded, “You are Luo Feng!”


Chapter 586: That Claw

Moshka had purple eyes, a high nose bridge, no eyebrows, his lips were very thin and his gaze was like a venomous snake, cold.

“Moshka!”

Luo Feng raised both hands above his chest, other than his head, the rest of his body was covered in armor, “Stop wasting time!”

“Crazy!” Moshka was riled by Luo Feng’s words until his face was flushed red, in a flash, he brandished his blade and with a clang, he was ready!

“Newbie, I’ll let you know…that even the normal seniors aren’t something you can look down on!” Moshka roared and with a fierce stomp, the incredibly solid ground was smashed into pieces, his mini galaxy within his body fiercely exploded, causing him to rush over in a terrifying speed even on this white dwarf star that had 3 hundred million times the gravity of earth.

A streamlined spirit weapon appeared below Luo Feng’s feet…dark cloud shuttle.

Standing on it and floating in mid air, he gazed at the raging Moshka rushing over!

“Hmph!”

The instant Moshka drew close to Luo Feng, he instantly stomped hard on the ground, using the force to fly up and rush towards him, his right arm wielding the blade…

“Die!”

Mosha’s purple eyes gleamed!

As he got close! He swung his blade!

Rumble!

In the instant he waved his blade, it was almost like a volcano erupting, tearing forward with terrifying destroying intent towards Luo Feng! And as it slashed…the surrounding temperature soared to a shocking level. The flash of the blade slashed past Luo Feng’s body, the slash followed forward onto the ground ahead.

Chi!

The slash immediately left a great canyon in the ground, countless tons of the surface ground was slashed into rubble, flying in all directions. The strong gravity pulled everything back down. Dark red liquid even poured out of the canyons, burning and hot.

“Hm?” Moshka who was floating in mid air after slashing looked, his expression changed.

“Your bladework is not bad, however it’s a pity your speed is too slow.” A voice resounded.

Moshka turned quickly.

In the distance, Luo Feng stood on his dark cloud shuttle and looked calmly at Moshka.

Controlling a spirit weapon was greatly linked to one’s spirit energy strength.

Similarly in terms of law comprehension, a universe level and a domain lord level, their speed using the spirit weapon definitely had a huge difference! Even though Luo Feng only used 90% of his consciousness to enter the virtual universe, his spirit energy amplitude was after all over 1,900, much more than the 70-80 from before the inheritance palace, it had risen over 20 times!

Even at 90%, it was still over 20 times!

This made his usage of the dark cloud shuttle, under extreme circumstances, much better than before.

“Your blade work is not bad, seeing that move of yours has made this worth it.” Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle and said, simultaneously the dark golden long rod on his back shot out countless gold lights, they swiftly gathered and finally formed an ancient long blade, it floated in mid air, causing the space about to shake.

Nan Shen Armament’s 5th level…space slicer!

“Use the 6th level!” On the distant ground, Moshka roared with rage, “Luo Feng, are you shaming me!” The group of seniors all knew Luo Feng could already use the 6th level, Blade world.

“The 5th is enough!” Luo Feng said in mid air.

Xiu!

The dark golden blade instantly tore through the 100m in distance, as it flew the surrounding space all came under its pressure, so powerful one could visibly see the warp in space…it instantly reached before Moshka, Moshka, under the pressure of the space roared while struggling, “Luo Feng! Use the 6th level!!!” Simultaneously he used all his strength to wave his volcano like blade!

The dark golden blade was simply too fast, and with the space being pressured, it made the strength of Moshka’s blade diminish further.

Chi!

The dark golden blade was incredibly piercing, piercing straight through Moshka’s armor through his body!

“Explode!”

Luo Feng muttered softly in the distance.

The dark golden blade that pierced into Moshka’s body automatically dispersed within, becoming countless little golden blades that decimated his body, with a rumble, countless blades shot out of his body and the genetic armor that was Moshka’s energy had a great loss in defensive ability.

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi!

Countless gold lights shot out from his body, fresh blood spurted out too, with the terrifying gravity of white dwarf star, it all quickly landed on the ground. A universe level 9 warrior’s blood, through many times of evolution, had undergone a shocking change. Even with the powerful gravity here, it still couldn’t make the blood droplets crumble.

Moshka’s body fell heavily on the ground.

“Similar space slicer, different people unleashing it will have different power.” Luo Feng landed beside Mosha’s body and looked at the shredded body, his eyes clam, he said quietly, “The current me is much stronger than before, this space slicer is much stronger than before too!”

He looked at his wrist screen, on it his name had the words “1 win 0 loss, points 1.”

…

As time passed, many battles went on!

The internal qualification battles of the virtual universe was actually a distribution of resources for the company, everybody wished to make it into the primal region, because…

The resources a primal region was given was very shocking.

Just the universe level, these members had undying teachers, that taught according to how they wanted, if they wished, they could change their teachers anytime. The teachers…were normally Official level too! And they could take more missions too, Luo Feng was very clear, every training mission had a secret hidden within them.

Like blood river world’s beast god secret or demon mountain’s inheritance palace.

During the domain lord level, primal region members would get even higher authority and status! Extremely high position…meant shocking authority, it allowed them to have great power from the virtual universe company, with many benefits.

During sector lord level, the benefits get even more shocking, the cost the virtual universe company puts into nurturing every sector lord was comparable even to an emperor level undying!

Universe level, domain lord, sector lord!

The further back, the more the resources the virtual universe company would pour into the genius.

A sector lord’s life span was very long, with tens of millions of years…within ten million years they could organize 10,00 star level genius level competitions and 1,000 universe level genius level competition. And many sector lords only get stronger later…like the Light sector lord Luo! A few other strong sector lords, probably only bloomed when they reached domain lord or sector lord level.

Long life span!

With 1,008 universe countries in the universe and the virtual universe company absorbing from all of them, why are there only a total of 100 sector lords in the primal region?

Expensive!

Even the virtual universe company couldn’t madly go nurture everybody.

Hence…

1 was for glory and honor! 2, was because as one travelled further down the road, everybody would wish to enter the primal region!

“The benefits in the primal region would constantly increase.” Luo Feng sat in his study within the absolute beginning villa, a screen floated before him, on it broadcasted the chemist Yu Feng’s battle, “Universe level, the status and resources of the primal region members in universe level is already plenty.”

“Domain lord level primal region members would become Governors of territories. I heard that when these members go out as governors, they have shocking amounts of authority. That means wealth! Opportunities! Power!”

“Sector lord primal region members’ benefits are even more shocking!”

Luo Feng muttered to himself.

The greater the resources, the higher the difficulty! A sector lord entering the primal region was hundreds to thousands of times harder than an universe level!

“Hence, I have to lead from the beginning!”

“With a head start, I’ll lead all the way!”

Luo Feng looked at the screen, the battle of Yu Feng, he couldn’t help but frown, “This Yu Feng is actually a spirit reader, chemist… those opponents have no resistance against him at all.” On the screen, the fighter wielded 2 axes, he wanted to wave them to battle but he lost control of his muscles as they twitched.

If a fighter was unleashing his move and his muscles twitched…

Naturally there was no way to fully unleash it.

Chi!

His head was cut off.

“The chemist, belongs to a very specialized path, and a very hard setup to actually make progress in.” Luo Feng searched on information about chemists, looking at Yu Feng’s every battle.

…

“Ha!”

Ke Luo Fu roared, his expression struggled, he immediately flew through the skies, his right hand lifted high like a claw, fiercely slashing down!

Tearing through!

A visible huge golden claw immediately appeared in the land and skies, a claw formed from pure energy and origin laws…the entire space seemed to be torn apart, Sa Jin, one of the top 5 seniors roared and even though he fought hard against it, he was torn apart completely, almost like a laser blade cutting right through!

Rumble…

The golden claw seemed to land heading towards the developed city, it was instantly torn right through, leaving behind a huge canyon. The entire continent seemed to have been sliced, leaving behind deep canyons!

…

Looking at this battle, Luo Feng’s expression was heavy.

This was the 1st battle between 2 of the top 6 (including Luo Feng), he had seen Ke Luo Fu’s battles before, he had won instantly without showing his true strength. And this time…he actually used one of his moves.

Yet it was so powerful and intrepid!

A claw that tore through space!

Tearing through Sa Jin, through the continent!

“This one claw, in terms of law comprehension, it exceeds my gold and space comprehension.” His expression was heavy, “Even compared to my golden horned beast’s Tearing Sky claw…it may be much weaker. But it’s law comprehension has already exceeded mine, and the usage was perfect, the energy was condensed, it tore through the continent without creating a huge explosion, powerful!”


Chapter 587: 3 People

In the blink of an eye, 3 days had passed.

Virtual universe, black dragon mountain 9 star bay, in a quiet wooden pavilion, the black haired man Hong was dressed completely in black, he was there with the white robed bald thunder god, the 2 sat in the chair drinking some of the rare teas of Ping Hai company and chatting.

“Big brother, I haven’t seen you in a long time, I haven’t seen third brother too.” Thunder god exclaimed.

“What difference does it make, as long as we keep each other in our hearts, what does the distance matter?” Hong gently sniffed the tea in his hands, “Good tea! In terms of enjoyment, the virtual universe pales in comparison to reality.”

Thunder god looked speechless at Hong, “Big brother…”

“Haha!”

Hong put down his cup and smiled at thunder god, “Under my teacher’s instructions, i’ve been training these few years, hence I don’t want to be distracted by the virtual universe. Ah…the letter you sent to me earlier said that 3rd brother is in the qualification battles within the absolute beginning region?”

“It’s already ended, just ended today actually.” Thunder god looked at Hong, “Hence 3rd brother should have time today, I’ve already arranged for both of you to come. The 3 brothers should have a good meeting!”

Among the 3 brothers.

Even though Thunder god was exploring the universe too, it was mostly within the milky way, he stayed on earth.

Hong however followed his teacher Luo, the time sector lord who didn’t have much of his life span left, wandering the universe.

As for Luo Feng, he was being nurtured as the pinnacle of geniuses within the virtual universe company.

“Ended?” Hong’s eyes gleamed, he smiled, “My teacher said that those able to be accepted into the virtual universe company’s absolute beginning region are all pinnacle geniuses, and 3rd brother hasn’t been in there for too long, he would be disadvantaged…how’s the results?”

“There are 38 in the absolute beginning battles, the top 3 will have the right to challenge the primal region.” Thunder god revealed a smile, 3rd brother made it to the top 3.”

“Ah?” Hong nodded.

“How’s the result?” Hong asked.

“According to my conversation with him earlier, it should be 36 wins, 1 loss and 0 draws, he ranked 2nd.” Thunder god said.

“2nd?” Hong revealed a smile, he complimented, “Very impressive indeed, you should know, I’m now a part of the huge axe dojo.”

“Hm.” Thunder god nodded.

Hong‘s teacher, the time sector lord was one with the huge axe dojo domain lord medal. Hence Luo was accepted much earlier into the dojo…of course, now he didn’t have much of his life span left. Hence his position in the dojo wasn’t too high. However to get them to nurture his disciple well wasn’t a problem.

Hong, was being nurtured by the huge axe dojo.

Of course as it hadn’t been long, he still hasn’t been absorbed into the core.

“Virtual universe company, is another one of the 5 great leviathans of humanity along with my huge axe dojo.” Hong smiled, “And every genius battle, only the top 1,000 of the trillions of geniuses from the 1,008 universe countries would get accepted into the core. Hence getting into the core is extremely hard! Even I…right now I don’t have the ability to get into the core of the huge axe dojo.”

“Big brother, you can definitely get in!” Thunder god said.

Hong didn’t care and smiled, “There’s level differences even within the core! The absolute beginning region 3rd brother is in is considered the innermost core of the virtual universe company, to be able to get in there, those are all the pinnacle of geniuses of humanity…haha, honestly speaking, our gap with 3rd brother is getting bigger and bigger!”

Thunder god twitched his lips.

Hong however smiled, even though they were both considered geniuses, the current stage Luo Feng was on was where the pinnacle of geniuses stood on.

“Why are you twitching.” Hong looked at thunder god, “As long as we remain grounded and keep improving. Even if we are currently lagging behind, there will come a day we too will stand at the pinnacle!”

“Big brother you can chase up to 3rd brother, I have confidence in you. However for myself…he, depends on luck.” Thunder god laughed.

“3rd brother is here.” Hong looked at the distant entrance of the courtyard.

At the exquisite entrance of the courtyard, dressed in simple wear, sporting short black hair, Luo Feng walked over and smiled, with a flash, he arrived at the pavilion 100m away from the entrance and sat at the only empty seat, smiling as he shouted, “Big and 2nd brother, it’s been awhile! I heard big brother you’ve joined the huge axe dojo?”

“My teacher gave me a referral!” Hong nodded, “He has some connections within the dojo, it made it easier for me.”

“The huge axe dojo is not bad.” Luo Feng complimented.

The huge axe dojo, according to what Luo Feng knew, belonged to one of the 2 stronger leviathans of the 5, next to the virtual universe company. The other universe mercenary alliance, universe 1st bank and universe galaxy bank were somewhat weaker in power.

“From the looks of it, your mood is not bad.” Hong smiled at Luo Feng.

“He made it into the top 3.” Thunder god teased.

Luo Feng could only smile helplessly.

Right, he made it into the top 3.

Through the inheritance palace in demon mountain, his power had grown at an absurd rate, he had full guarantee of the absolute beginning region battles.

The battles also went exactly as he had expected.

He won the 1st 12 matches! It was simple and easy, he didn’t have to use much of his strength to win. However, the seniors had all discussed…that since he had passed the 7th level of the heavenly bridge early on, winning them was normal, but he would be in trouble the moment he met the 5 strongest.

In his 13th match, Luo Feng finally met one of them!

The 1st was…wolf man Ke Luo Fu!

The strongest Ke Luo Fu!

“Ke Luo Fu!” Luo Feng muttered within.

Ke Luo Fu was the 1st of the 5 strongest Luo Feng encountered in the battles, this match had attracted a lot of attention! And Luo Feng was extremely prudent and cautious, the location of that battle was in the air above an ocean, the 2 said a couple of words before clashing immediately.

Once they began, it was vicious!

Luo Feng first used his consciousness pressure and relied on the Nan Shen Armament, using his strongest move…

Using power to pressure him!

Under the consciousness pressure, Ke Luo Fu was indeed affected a little, however it made him go into a frenzy. The frenzied Ke Luo Fu was extremely fast, especially his instantaneous acceleration, even Luo Feng, on his dark cloud shuttle had difficulty keeping up.

In just 3 moves!

The 1st claw, blocked Luo Feng’s blade world attack.

The 2nd injured Luo Feng.

The 3rd killed him immediately!

Clean and simple! No resistance!

Stunned!

The loss made Luo Feng completely stunned, as he had defeated Sa Jin before, and acquired the demon note inheritance after. This made him extremely confident in himself…but who would have thought the strongest of the 5, Ke Luo Fu, could end the battle so fast!

He lost too badly!

As he felt bad about his loss, the group of seniors were all cheering away, they thought that Luo Feng’s strength was just that weak. Even though he defeated Sa Jin back then…they thought that Sa Jin was probably just over confident before! Now that he met Ke Luo Fu, wasn’t everything revealed?

The seniors all thought that Luo Feng would first lose to Ke Luo Fu and subsequently to the other 4!

…

16th match, Luo Feng against Sa Jin!

The moment the Nan Shen Armament was unleashed, with his power to control the Nan Shen Armament, he completely suppressed Sa Jin.

This match made his confidence grow by quite a bit.

It wasn’t that his difference from the top 5 was that huge, it was only that Ke Luo Fu was absurd!

And this match stunned all of the seniors too…Sa Jin lost really badly, he was disadvantaged from start to end.

…

20th match, Luo Feng against Ni Nan!

Ni Nan was a very sinister person, it was a pity his speed couldn’t match up to Luo Feng’s.

When a fighter’s instantaneous acceleration cannot catch up to a spirit reader, they he would only become a target. He lost without a chance at all!

…

28th match, Luo Feng against chemist Yu Feng!

Luo Feng was very worried about this match, because according to the footage he had seen, Yu Feng’s ability was simply too sick, and the peculiar drugs he used was undeniably powerful and hard to defend against, being extremely cautious…the moment the battle began, Luo Feng created a huge distance from him and unleashed his blade world.

Using the world energy to pressure the opponent and kill him!

However, unknowingly he was still attacked by a special drug on his soul, luckily his willpower was incredibly solid, he withstood it without any reaction, thinking of ways to kill his opponent.

Winning through the dangers!

When he won, Luo Feng received a mail from Yu Feng, “Newbie, I didn’t expect you to be able to withstand my Cast number 6 drug. However…next time you won’t be so lucky!”

This victory completely stunned the group of universe level seniors in the absolute beginning region.

Wolf man Ke Luo Fu, chemist Yu Feng, these 2 were the strongest amongst the seniors.

For Luo Feng to be able to defeat Yu Feng, it proved his strength.

…

35th match, Luo Feng against Ge!

Ge’s ultimate move, Luo Feng had seen it much earlier in his Ge’s match against Ke Luo Fu, hence he was prepared. He didn’t give Ge the chance to get close at all, using the Nan Shen Armament to kill him.

…

A total of 37 matches!

Luo Feng won 36 and lost 1, 0 draws!

Ke Luo Fu had 37 wins!

Chemist Yu Feng had 35 wins, 2 losses, 0 draws!

According to the points, Luo Feng and the other 2 were naturally the highest. As such, the chance to challenge the primal region was given to the 3 of them.

The 3 of would now have the right to enter the primal region battles!

“Ke Luo Fu.” Luo Feng recalled the many battles from 3 days ago, finally, that battle made him shudder, “His strength far overpowers the rest of the 5 strongest! My Nan Shen Armament already used that much power, and he blocked it easily.”

“Haha, still thinking about the battle before?” Thunder god laughed under the pavilion.

“Only an addict will get high achievements.” Hong smiled.

Only then did Luo Feng awake from the memories.


Chapter 588: Primal Region

“My bad.” Luo Feng shook his head, “I haven’t been able to forget my battle with Ke Luo Fu earlier.”

“Lost badly?” Hong asked.

“Do you still need to ask!” Thunder god teased.

Luo Feng lifted his tea cup, sipping gently, the tea leaves used were specially produced by the Ping Hai company within the virtual universe, the fragrant taste swirled within his mouth, he exclaimed after the sip, “Indeed, I lost really badly, it made me feel like there’s no hope in making it into the primal region!”

Before the battles began, Luo Feng was filled with ambition to make it into the primal region!

“He had acquired a part of the demon note inheritance, his spirit energy amplitude had jumped by leaps and bounds, he had a definite confidence in making it into the primal region…however after the battle with Ke Luo Fu, it was like he was drenched in cold water from above!

Difference!

The difference was huge!

“Losing is fine.” Hong smiled, “The only problem is whether you have the confidence.”

“Big brother?” Luo Feng looked at Hong.

“When I was young and training at the assassin camp.” Hong’s eyes gleamed with memories, “In terms of physical ability, we chinese compared to the whites and blacks had a huge difference…even though I was lagging behind, I kept progressing, until I became the most terrifying assassin! And those who initially had greater talents and were stronger, I exceeded them.”

Luo Feng quietly listened.

“Hence!” Hong smiled at Luo Feng, “3rd brother, talent is important but it isn’t absolute, you have great talent and you train fast. No problem…you’ll train for 10,000 years and become undying! Me? I’ll just train for 100,000 years, 1 million years to become undying, wouldn’t that work too? Who knows…those with greater talents may even fall first!”

Luo Feng realized.

Right.

His teacher had once mentioned that absolute genius who could kill an Official level undying at his sector lord level, didn’t he fall too? He didn’t even become undying!

“Hence, shocking improvement during a certain period isn’t that important, the most important thing is stability and longevity!” Hong looked at Luo Feng, “The most important thing about training is not comparing yourself to others, but only with yourself! As long as you keep improving, keep exceeding yourself, then you’ll ultimately get stronger and stronger…one day, you’ll realize…you won’t be able to find another opponent in the entire world. You’ll become number 1!”

Luo Feng listened quietly.

He was filled with great respect towards his big brother Hong.

In terms of strength he was much stronger, however in mental state, his big brother was comparable to the saints of the chinese history.

“Haha, big brother, was this how you became number 1 back then?” Thunder god smiled at Luo Feng.

“Right!” Hong’s eyes were calm, he nodded and smiled, “Back then I only had my loyal pike, with that I worked and trained! Exceeding myself one step at a time…I didn’t even realize that during the great nirvana I had already become the number 1 person on earth. Luo Feng, do you understand what I mean?”

“Understood, I cannot rush! I have to remain grounded and chase my own limits.” Luo Feng said.

Hong nodded satisfied.

…

After chatting with them for about over 3 hours, the 3 brothers finally separated. Big brother went on to continue his training, 2nd brother was busy with his own matters, Luo Feng returned back to continue his inheritance training.

He realized one thing.

Everytime he gathered with them, he would gain some form of realization, seeing the road ahead somewhat clearer.

“Mental state! In terms of mental states, 2nd brother is stronger than I am, and big brother is already in a different place altogether.” Luo Feng felt that even though his big brother hadn’t fully excelled yet, a day would come where he would definitely be able to shine in the vast universe. This feeling was completely from his instinct.

Even though he spoke calmly, one could feel his complete self confidence within his bones.

On the 2nd day after the absolute beginning battles had ended, the primal region battles began.

As there were only 5 universe levels in the primal region, all their battles would end in a day. And obviously, the battles of the primal region had drawn the attention of many of the other geniuses from the other regions, countless numbers of them watched their battles.

…

Absolute beginning region, Manka prince Wuka’s villa.

Luo Feng, Rong Jun and Wuka had gathered in the living room, drinking wine and watching the screen, the many battles of the primal region geniuses.

“Ah, my villa!”

“I’ll have to leave here soon, to the sky and land region.” Wuka sat in his sofa and exclaimed loudly, he glanced at Luo Feng and Rong Jun, “You 2 punks, our absolute beginning heroes should be together, 1 of you have made it into the top 3 and the other will stay here!”

Luo Feng and Rong Jun laughed.

The qualification battles, Luo Feng ranked 2nd and Rong Jun ranked 19.

Rong Jun managed to scrape off and rank in the top 20…that way he didn’t need to compete in the sky and land region. It could be said that it was set in stone that he would remain in the absolute beginning region.

Wuka however was in the bottom 6 without a surprise.

The other 6 newbies, Wuka, Ao Pa Te La, Lancelot, Ai Chen, Jiang Mo and Qian Shui were the 6 from the back! For Wuka to be the 6th from the last was already not bad. However they were about to battle the top 10 of the sky and land region…other than the 6 of them, the others had all passed the heavenly bridge 6th level.

They were set to go into the sky and land region!

“Hmph!”

Every batch of newbies go through the same time, they would be disadvantaged and sent back one region. We are newbies after all.” Wuka stared at Luo Feng and Rong Jun, “You 2 wait for me, I’ll quickly return to the absolute beginning.”

“Alright, we’ll wait.” Rong Jun laughed.

“Work hard Prince Wuka.” Luo Feng teased.

After they finished the match being broadcasted on the screen, that of Fei Tuo and Long Yun had already ended.

“Long Yun sure is pitiful.” Wuka exclaimed.

“Right.” Rong Jun nodded, “He really isn’t on the same level as the other members of the primal region.”

Luo Feng nodded too.

There were a total of 5 in the primal region, 3 seniors and 2 newbies.

The 2 were of course from the genius battle, Bolan and Long Yun, after Bolan was spurred by Luo Feng, he finally realized that we wasn’t an invincible genius, that wasting his talents on overdoing it was a stupid thing to do, hence he changed to having space as his main law.

2 years ago, he had already passed the heavenly bridge’s 7th level!

The 3 seniors were Fei Tuo, Simayan and Mo Luo, of which Fei Tuo was the only virtual universe company universe level member to pass the 8th level of the heavenly bridge! Simayan and Mo Luo had passed the 7th…of course, they had passed it long ago.

“Long Yun is pitiful, he loses to everyone he meets, if it were me, I’d long have given up, what’s the point.” Wuka shook his head, “They are not even close.”

Of the 5, 1 had passed the 8th level, the other 3 had passed the 7th, only Long Yun had just passed the 5th.

“Don’t look down on him.” Luo Feng looked at Long Yun’s body in the screen, “Those that know they will lose and still fight, they aren’t normal people.”

“Hm.” Rong Jun nodded.

“Look! Mo Luo against Bolan!” Wuka shouted.

Luo Feng and Rong Jun gathered their attention and stared at the screen, of the 2 newbies in the primal region, only Bolan had some resistance ability, however when he met the strongest of the seniors Fei Tuo, he lost really badly.

“Both he and Mo Luo had passed the 7th level!” Rong Jun emphasized, “And both are close combat fighters, this battle…maybe Bolan has some hope!”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Right, there was some hope.

Only some!

The battle began…

Bolan’s bladework was incredibly incisive, and his movement was absurd. Mo Luo however stood his ground, using his Beast fist to block Bolan’s many attacks. The scene of them clashing caused the mountains and forests about to be destroyed completely, Bolan’s every blade caused great canyons on the surface of the planet, and Mo Luo’s every punch and kick caused great damage to the land.

In an instant they exchanged over ten times!

Mo Luo grabbed the chance and sacrificed one leg, closing in and killing Bolan!

“Roar!” Mo Luo’s eyes gleamed with wildness, his right arm became like a winding snake and extended, grabbing Bolan’s neck!

Ka Cha!

In an instant he broke his neck, he fingers piercing through Bolan’s head.

Bolan, dead!

…

Silence!

Luo Feng, Rong Jun and Wuka who were watching were silent for awhile, Bolan’s strength wasn’t weak at all, however he was still killed by the seniors of the primal region.

“What terrifying close combat.” Wuka said softly.

Wuka was a close combat fighter too, however, the difference between him and Mo Luo was huge.

“Terrifying.” Rong Jun too frowned.

Luo Feng held his breath and watched, in his mind he recalled the instant where Mo Luo grabbed Bolan and killed him, replaying it over and over, the more he thought about it, the more his expression grew heavier…that Mo Luo’s beast fist is truly remarkable, like a fox, python, wild wolf, tiger…

Intrepid! Cunning! Sinister!

It was completely natural!

“This beast fist is something he created, and others are simply learning from others.” Luo Feng thought within, “Using one’s own created technique, would be easier to unleash greater strength! Mo Luo is very strong…”

“However…”

“Why do I feel that Ke Luo Fu is still stronger?” Luo Feng frowned, “And Ke Luo Fu is only from the absolute beginning region… peculiar!”

Mo Luo’s strength, Luo Feng was cautious.

Ke Luo Fu’s strength however made him feel despair!

“No hope.” Wuka shouted out in the sofa, “Bolan lost to Mo Luo, he would probably lose to the fighter’s bane hypnotist Simayan…then he’d be set to become the primal region’s bottom 3 with Long Yun.”

The virtual universe company’s rules were…

The bottom 3 of the primal region, along with the top 3 of the absolute beginning region will fight for the 1 primal region slot.

Now from the looks of it!

Long Yun and Bolan! They would be in the bottom 3.

“That Fei Tuo…as the only one to pass the 8th level of the heavenly bridge, an obviously exceptional being, would get 1st place without a problem.

“Primal region’s bottom 3, 1 would be Bolan, another Long Yun. Who would be the last?” Wuka frowned.

“It’ll definitely be either Mo Luo or Simayan.” Rong Jun said, “Luo Feng, who do you think it’ll be?”

Luo Feng frowned.

Who?

Mo Luo!

It had to be him, as long as he was in the bottom 3, then Luo Feng would get the chance to fight him!

“I definitely have to personally defeat him, and step on him, definitely!” Luo Feng had long had this grudge he had to settle, the qualification battles was the chance he got to vent it out on…even if it were in reality, Luo Feng wouldn’t be lenient. Since Mo Luo’s kick back then…he had decided…

The 2, one of them had to die!


Chapter 589: The Dust has Settled

Luo Feng, Rong Jun and Wuka sat in the sofa and watched the screen, on it the battles of the primal region was going on.

“Half of the battles are already over, it’ll soon be Mo Luo against Simayam.” Wuka lifted his wine and crossed his legs, “Whoever loses of the 2 will have to battle to stay after!”

“Hm.” Luo Feng stared at the screen.

It definitely, had to be Mo Luo who lost!

Within Mo Luo’s huge primal region villa, in the vast grass field, he sat there cross legged, he enjoyed quietly pondering about the earlier battles.

“I didn’t expect that Bolan to be so strong, he had just passed the 7th level of the heavenly bridge not long ago…but he actually injured me heavily before I could kill him.” He didn’t expect any of the 2 newbies to give him any trouble, just like the absolute beginning’s seniors Sa Jin, Ni Nan and the others who had just passed the 7th level.

Mo Luo could easily kill them all!

However, he had to sacrifice one leg to kill Bolan, what did that represent? It meant that their strengths were close!

“His strength, even amongst the absolute beginning region, would only be a little weaker than Ke Luo Fu.” Mo Luo exclaimed, “A newbie that just passed the 7th level 2 years ago, that strong…”

He didn’t know.

Bolan’s talent in the space law was terrifying, it was only because he was prideful and chose to study the universe tablet with both time and space simultaneously, hence he wasted so much time. Now that he had his focus on space laws, his improvement was shocking!

“Bolan is already defeated, he’s no longer a threat…I now have to defeat Simayan.” He frowned.

The 3 seniors of the primal region.

Fei Tuo was the absolute number 1, he had long passed the 8th level, obviously exceptional.

Mo Luo and Simayan were close in strengths!

“In the previous battles I defeated Simayan. And in the battles after…he defeated Ke Luo Fu!” Mo Luo pondered, “He is a hypnotist, strong against Ke Luo Fu! However…Both Ke Luo Fu and I are fighters! And his improvement in these past couple of hundred of years has been shocking!”

“It was very dangerous the past qualification battles, however last time, he was only close to me in strength.”

“However now…from the footage of him against Luo Feng, his strength has already exceeded mine.” Mo Luo frowned, troubled.

Wolfman Ke Luo Fu!

His rise in strength was in mostly in the recent 200 years, even though he was strong before, he was only comparable with chemist Yu Feng! Now however, he had completely taken the lead…a sort of different level altogether! Even Luo Feng was completely subdued by him!

Mo Luo knew from watching the footage that Ke Luo Fu had already exceeded him!

“The moment I’m defeated by Simayan, with 6 people fighting for the primal region slot, and with Ke Luo Fu in the 6…I won’t have any hope!” Mo Luo shook his head, “No matter, I must stay in the primal region!”

“How?”

“How?”

His expression was complex, even though he was shocked by Luo Feng’s power, it was obvious he was currently more worried about Ke Luo Fu!

“Only one way!”

“Defeat Simayan!”

“That way, I’ll remain in the top 2!” Mo Luo took a deep breath, “Once I’m in the top 2, I won’t have to contest with the others. I’ll let Simayan go fight it out with Ke Luo Fu…”

“Against Simayan, I have to win, I have to win!!!” He thought.

In a moment…

The virtual universe system’s voice ringed in his ears, “Mo Luo, the primal region universe level battles, your 3rd match is about to begin, your opponent is Simayan.” Simultaneously, the screen on his wrist immediately displayed information and he was transported into the arena.

The cold winds howled, snowflakes as big as goose feather’s flew about, the ice was incredibly thick.

2 silhouettes appeared above the ice.

“Mo Luo!” A roar resounded.

“Simayan!” Mo Luo smiled, in the distance a black robed purple haired youth standing on a flying spirit weapon flew into the sky, on his forehead was a complex purple engraving, his purple eyes had a peculiar demonic energy.

This purple haired youth was Simayan, a hypnotist.

The hypnotist Jia Lai Xi from the genius competition was also a hypnotist, however compared to Simayan, he was much weaker.

“Mo Luo.” Simayan’s eyes were cold, he stood on his flying weapon and gazed down, “You should be clear that this battle, whoever loses will have to contest to stay. And that Ke Luo Fu is obviously much stronger than 1000 years ago. Even though I’m his bane, I don’t have much of a chance! As for you…I’m sorry but you’ll definitely have to lose here!”

Mo Luo’s expression immediately grew heavy.

Pressure.

All the absolute geniuses of the primal region all had pressure, the moment they were careless, they would be knocked out of their place. Just like Ke Luo Fu’s explosion in strength…it made their 2 positions at risk.

“If I meet Ke Luo Fu, I would probably lose, however I don’t have to fight him at all. Because…you’ll definitely lose here!” Mo Luo roared and fiercely stomped the ground.

The thick ice layer was immediately shattered and countless ice shards dropped into the ocean, many more dispersing in all directions. He flashed like lightning and rushed before Simayan, his fists like a flaming shooting star.

Rumble!

1 fist was like a shooting star punching towards Simayan, the surrounding space warped around it.

“Haha, you are too slow.” 10km away, Simayan laughed on his flying weapon, “Can’t you see that that was my illusion?”

“Hm?” Mo Luo fiercely retracted his fist and landed on the ice, gazing at the distant Simayan.

“I was lenient just now, now however, no more.” Simayan laughed and a formless spirit energy pierced straight into Mo Luo’s soul, the hypnotism had already seeped in…

…

This battle was being watched by over tens of thousands of geniuses in the core of the virtual universe company, of which included Luo Feng, Rong Jun and Wuka.

On the screen.

The 3 stared hard.

“Powerful, Madman, Savage, who do you think will win?” Wuka said casually, Rong Jun too was smiling, only Luo Feng was glued to the scene, his consciousness like an AI swiftly calculating the outcome of the battle, how would he deal with each move.

Without a doubt, he wished for Mo Luo to lose!

However from the battle scene, even though Simayan’s hypnotism was terrifying, when Mo Luo battled, it was indeed like a wild beast attacking, even though he was affected by the hypnotism, he quickly broke through it and once again chased Simayan.

Simayan did his best to create distance, and unleash his hypnotism, the moment he succeeded he immediately used his arc blade along with his spirit weapon to attack!

…

“Rumble!”

The skies and land immediately became an endless sea of flames, and within were many Simayans, with a glance, over a trillion of them stood about.

“Mo Luo! Mo Luo! Mo Luo! Mo Luo! Mo Luo! … A trillion Simayan’s simultaneously spoke and Mo Luo who was in the center frowned as he gazed about, he calmly analyzed it, thinking of which of the trillion was the real Simayan.

“This is the newest hypnotism!”

“Named the flame world illusion.”

“Die!”

Mo Luo actually closed his eyes and didn’t look, focused as he waited.

“Over here!” Mo Luo flashed like lightning, his legs like blades flashing forward to kill!

Pu Chi!

Mo Luo opened his eyes, he saw Simayan with a gaping wound in his chest, fresh blood spurting out, he could even see his internal organs.

“Hmph!” Mo Luo smiled, however his smile quickly disappeared.

His head was split in 2 and his body fell.

Mo Luo, dead!

“The truth is fantasy, and the fantasy is real!” The distant heavily injured Simayan stood on his flying weapon, his face pale as he smiled at the body, “You think closing your eyes is enough?”

Primal region, Mo Luo’s vila.

“I actually lost, I actually lost.” Mo Luo sat in his study and gripped his fist hard, he nails pierced into his palm, his eyes still unable to accept his defeat.

“I still succumbed to his move!”

“I thought that I had already broken through the illusion to his real body, I didn’t expect…he used his real body to take the damage and place another environment to attack. Truth in the fantasy, fantasy in the truth.” Mo Luo shook his head, indeed, that Simayan’s fire and space law melding had reached an unbelievable level.

“This is troublesome.”

He frowned, “I have to contest for the slot now! Me, Bolan, Long Yun, Ke Luo Fu, Yu Feng, Luo Feng…the 6 vying for one primal region slot. The other 5 will fail and re-enter the absolute beginning region.”

“Ke Luo Fu…I have no guarantee at all.”

“Hmph, I didn’t expect Luo Feng to make it to the top 3 too.”

“I can’t be bothered with him. My greatest opponent is still Ke Luo Fu!”

Mo Luo didn’t think anymore, he swiftly found Ke Luo Fu’s previous battle footages and seriously studied them.

…

Absolute beginning region, Wuka’s villa.

Luo Feng and the others sat in the sofa watching the footage of Mo Luo and Simayan’s battle.

“Hypnotist mixing real attacks perfectly, truth in the fantasy, fantasy in the truth.” Rong Jun complimented, “I heard the highest level of a hypnotist…is to make the person think of the illusion has reality, living his entire life within.”

Luo Feng nodded, his eyes gleaming with glee.

Very good!

The dust had settled, the people for the contest for the primal region slot from the primal region were, Bolan, Long Yun and finally…Mo Luo!

“Heaven has given me the chance, Mo Luo, I’ll first step on you here and settle you in reality in the future.” Luo Feng squinted.


Chapter 590: Contest

Yu Xiang mountain’s public region had a spacious ancient pathway, the entire pathway was made of black stone, Luo Feng walked along it alone casualy.

After awhile.

Bayan Villa!” Luo Feng looked up at the several km in area luxurious restaurant, outside its huge hall were beautiful and handsome staff welcoming people.

“Right here!” Luo Feng walked in.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, please follow me!” a sector lord lady with a furry tail smiled and led the way, Luo Feng followed this lady and stood on the escalator, swiftly reaching the highest level, only then did it stop.

The highest level of the restaurant had a man made river, surrounding it were ancient trees.

There was an exquisite dark gold dining table there, around it were 7 chairs, sitting in the chairs allowed one to fully gaze at the surroundings, fish in the high level, swim, dine, within this Yu Xiang mountain countless geniuses gathered, it was indeed an extravagant place.

Hence…

Those able to book this highest level were at least primal region members or powerful undyings, the upper echelon.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, I’ll leave first.” The sector lord lady bowed and left.

Luo Feng looked at the river side, surrounding the dark golden table were 7 chairs, only 1 was filled. This intrepid man with yellow fur was dressed casually, his mouth revealed fangs.

Wolfman Ke Luo Fu!

“Ke Luo Fu!” Luo Feng smiled and walked over.

The man turned to look at Luo Feng, revealing a rare smile, he lightly toasted with his cup and didn’t speak again.

Luo Feng entered and sat down!

He grabbed a glass and poured himself a drink from the side rack which had many flavors of wine, he sat patiently in the chair on the side, in the distance the door once again opened and the furry tailed sector lord lady smiled and brought a youth in.

He, was strong and sturdy, he looked like a mountain, with a bull horned helmet, his eyes seemed deep and profound.

The moment he entered his gaze landed on Luo Feng!

“Long Yun.” Luo Feng sat and toasted him.

“Luo Feng!” Long Yun’s eyes gleamed as he squinted.

Back then from the same batch of geniuses, he was one of the top geniuses and entered the primal region. However after joining the virtual universe company, within the past couple of hundreds of years, he was left far behind by Luo Feng, he was very clear…this contest battle, he was the one with the least hope.

Long Yun had arrived!

Very quickly, Yu Feng arrived too, then followed by Bolan and finally Mo Luo!

“Everybody’s earlier than me!” Mo Luo was dressed in a simple golden armor, he smiled as he entered, simultaneously waving, “Ke Luo Fu! It’s been awhile! Yu Feng!”

Ke Luo Fu and Yu Feng slightly nodded.

“Bolan, Long Yun!”

He smiled as he shouted, sitting in a chair, finally his gaze landed on Luo Feng, he smiled as he said, “Luo Feng, of the newbies, the one I most respect is you, your improvement is shocking, being able to meet you makes me really happy.”

“Ah, really?” Luo Feng sat coldly, muttering.

Immediately, Ke Luo Fu, Bolan and the rest all turned to look at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng reacted to his passionate greeting coldly, this made them feel…Luo Feng was colder than before.

“Hua!”

Another door of the level opened fiercely and a silver white robed bald man walked over, the land and skies about him seemed much brighter, he smiled as he walked over and said, “Everybody’s here!”

Shua!

Ke Luo Fu, Luo Feng and the rest of the 6 all stood up, bowing respectfully, Lord!”

“Since everyone’s here, I’ll explain everything that needs to be said.” The bald man stood beside them, not sitting down, he stood and smiled at the 6, “The absolute beginning universe level top 3 Ke Luo Fu, Luo Feng and Yu Feng, primal region last 3, Mo Luo, Bolan and Long Yun.”

“You 6 will have a contest for the final slot!”

“The rules are simple, everyone will fight once against the other 5, the winner will get 1 point, otherwise you’ll get 0 points! The final tally will determine the winner.”

“The 1st warrior will get the only primal region slot and become a primal region member. As for the other 5, you’ll enter the absolute beginning region!” The bald man smiled at the group, :Everybody understand?”

“Understood!”

The 6 replied respectfully.

“Very good!” The bald man nodded, “Now I’ll begin to arrange the order of your battles!” Following which he pointed in mid air ahead and a screen automatically appeared, there floated Luo Feng and the rest of their names, after which they moved about.

In an instant.

The battle proceedings appeared.

“These are your battles!” the bald man said, “Everyone will have to fight 5 battles, a total of 15 matches! Look closely at your own battles.”

Luo Feng quickly looked at the screen.

3 matches occurred simultaneously at any time, obviously that was the greatest efficiency, and his own order was…

Luo Feng against Bolan 1st match!

Luo Feng against Mo Luo 2nd match!

Luo Feng against Long Yun 3rd match!

Luo Feng against Yu Feng 4th match!

Luo Feng against Ke Luo Fu 5th match!

“Have you all seen it clearly?” The bald man looked at the 6.

The 6 nodded.

“Official matters have been settled, everybody can enjoy this lunch and get to know each other.” The bald man smiled and sat, “Tomorrow the battles begin! Everything will be settled in a day.”

The 6 sat down.

Very quickly, all the delicacies prepared earlier were sent in, wine and food etc, all luxurious foods, everybody ate and chatted, of which Mo Luo was the most passionate, Long Yun too occasionally smiled and talked, as for Bolan, Ke Luo Fu, Yu Feng and Luo Feng, they hardly spoke.

Theoretically, Luo Feng wasn’t an unfriendly person, however after seeing Mo Luo, he had lost all mood to socialize.

Mo Luo however didn’t seem to mind, he was a lively person, it was mostly him talking, it made the entire atmosphere of the table liven up. Even the bald undying upper echelon from the virtual universe company would occasionally smile and talk.

“Come, Luo Feng, let me toast you.” Mo Luo smiled and lifted his wine glass, looking anxiously at Luo Feng.

Silence!

The group had long felt Luo Feng was especially cold today, they all looked at him. The table after all had the undying there, everybody had to show respect and not make it rigid.

“My apologies, I don’t wish to drink.” Luo Feng muttered as he held his glass.

Mo Luo who was standing there and frowning seemed disturbed.

“We’ve both shared a tough time together, won’t you show me some face with this toast?” He frowned, “Once we drink this, shall we forget all our grudges before?”

Forget it?

Luo Feng looked up at Mo Luo before returning to eat his meal, not caring about him at all. Even though his grudge with Mo Luo was huge, however he couldn’t kill anyone in the virtual universe, and the undying was sitting there with them, he couldn’t be bothered at all.

“Not even 1 drink?” Mo Luo said solemnly.

The rest around the table felt something wasn’t right.

Luo Feng continued to ignore him.

“Pa!” Mo Luo fiercely slammed the glass on the table, his expression ugly, pointing at Luo Feng and roaring, “Luo Feng, I see you for how evil you are. In demon note mountain, your backstab almost made me lose my life, I hated you to the bone! However, since we are all members of the virtual universe company, I don’t wish to hold grudges, I showed you respect by toasting you…to forget our grudges. I didn’t expect you…”

“Backstab?” Beside, Bolan, Ke Luo Fu and the rest were shocked.

Luo Feng looked up fiercely, his expression ashen, staring hard at Mo Luo!

Mo Luo seemed to be enraged as he smiled coldly at Luo Feng, within however he was satisfied, “From the footage of the battles earlier, this Luo Feng is indeed very strong. Stronger than Yu Feng! He might be some threat to me…I’ll take this chance to enrage and drive him crazy. When the time comes for us to face, I’ll only have to use a few words to make him explode from rage within! Once he’s in that state, he’ll only be able to use 70-80% of his strength, I’ll win that much easier! As long as I can beat him, then I won’t have to worry about any others, just Ke Luo Fu.”

Mo Luo Feng had completely calculated Luo Feng’s mental condition.

As there was absolutely no way to take revenge in the virtual universe, and Luo Feng didn’t have any proof, recording? It may have been taken. However with the advanced technology, with games being able to 100% simulate reality, what footage couldn’t be faked?

Those couldn’t be used as proof at all!

“Get angry!”

“Rage!”

“Rage until you explode, however in the virtual universe network, you cannot do anything to me. When we battle tomorrow and your emotions get the best of you, you’ll definitely lose.” Mo Luo was confident within.

“Bang!!!”

Luo Feng who sat there initially with his expression enraged and silent jumped up and violently punched him! With only a few meters in between, Mo Luo couldn’t react to Luo Feng’s punch that smashed his face, his nose immediately broke, his teeth smashed and falling to the floor, there was an dent in his face.

Bang!

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

Mo Luo’s 4 limbs were instantly broken!

Luo Feng’s move was instant and fast, just like when Mo Luo back stabbed him, at extreme close distance!

“Rumble!” Mo Luo smashed into an ancient tree behind, with a rumble, the tree tore apart and Mo Luo landed on the ground. His limbs completely broken with his muscles torn apart, he had no way of resisting at all.

Luo Feng then sat on his body and his 2 fists became blurs as he madly pummeled his face in!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Each punch connected! The sound was shocking!

Luo Feng punched his face as he cursed, “You shameless sinister little person, I’ve never ever seen someone as evil as you, what’s wrong with my punches, how do you like them, if I don’t punch you this bad feeling won’t go away!”


Chapter 591: Luo Feng Against Bolan

Back when Mo Luo backstabbed him in demon note mountain and he even twisted the story after, Luo Feng didn’t have any proof, he didn’t have anyway to vent his anger within! Every heavy punch was filled with his rage, this made him a lot more carefree.

“This punk, this punk actually…” Mo Luo who was instantly heavily damaged and was getting punched in the face, he couldn’t even defend as his limbs were all broken.

He struggled for a few seconds before realizing there was no way to resist, just laying there and letting Luo Feng punch him.

“Luo Feng!!!”

Mo Luo roared within, simultaneously he swiftly left the virtual universe network and immediately his body vanished.

“Bang!” Luo Feng’s punch hit the air and landed on the stone below, splitting it apart, only then did he stand up.

Beside the dining table.

Wolfman Ke Luo Fu, Yu Feng, Bolan and Long Yun were all shocked from the scene, even the undying bald man slightly frowned.

“My bad!” Luo Feng stood up, turning and revealing a happy and bright smile to the group, “I was too crude earlier!”

“This punk.” The bald man shook his head.

Luo Feng had indeed made a move earlier, however the virtual universe company were very lax with these group of geniuses, once the path was chosen, everything was allowed to be chosen solely by their wills. As for the battling within the virtual universe network? That hardly meant anything to them.

As no matter how you fought within the virtual universe, no one could die.

Hence the virtual universe company didn’t even care or manage such things.

The only thing was…

Subconsciously, these groups of geniuses were after all peerless talents, hence they usually cared about their appearances. Even more so when an upper echelon from the virtual universe company, an undying actually comes, he represented the upper echelon of the company, naturally people wouldn’t do such things.

However Luo Feng still went ahead with it!

“So what if I beat him up, I’m crude, so what?” Luo Feng thought.

…

The bald man beside the table shook his head and got up, looking at Luo Feng, “Indeed a disciple of True Yan emperor, exactly like your teacher, explosive and fiery! However you have you control yourself sometimes, hm, I’ll take my leave.” After he finished, he left.

Only Ke Luo Fu, Yu Feng, Bolan, Long Yun and Luo Feng were left at the table.

“Vicious.” Bolan said.

“You actually made a move.” Long Yun said as he looked at Luo Feng, from that attack earlier, he could see that Luo Feng had a wild mad streak deep within his bones.

“If I don’t beat him, it would be unbearable, after doing so, it felt great!” Luo Feng laughed loudly as he walked to his seat and sat down, lifting his wine and downing it in a gulp, “I feel much better now, that Mo Luo’s shamelessness, if I didn’t vent it out, I couldn’t take it.”

“Shameless?” Long Yun frowned.

Bolan and Yu Feng had curiosity in their eyes, from the information they had gathered and their short interaction with him, Mo Luo should be a nice guy.

“Hm, that Mo Luo is very scheming.” Beside, Wolfman Ke Luo Fu suddenly said.

The rest all looked at him.

“I’ve suffered a little from it.” Wolfman Ke Luo Fu looked at Luo Feng, “However from the looks of it, Luo Feng must have lost more.”

“I almost lost my little life.” Luo Feng teased.

Mo Luo quickly returned to the virtual universe primal region, within his own villa.

“This Luo Feng actually made a move, he dared to make a move? Before the upper echelon undying he dared to make a move?” Mo Luo was aching to fight, attacking someone in the virtual universe couldn’t kill anybody, however Luo Feng was simply too vicious and devious with his attack, he actually instantly broke his 4 limbs.

Thus he had no way to fight back, Luo Feng even sat on him and violently smashed his face in!

Rage!

There were no injuries on his body, however the shame was a lot more unbearable than the damage. Shame, humiliation!

“This Luo Feng, this Luo Feng…” Mo Luo gritted his teeth wanting revenge.

There was no way at all!

This attack was completely one sided, and he was helpless!

…

After the gathering ended, Bolan, Ke Luo Fu, Yu Feng and Long Yun could be said to have watched a good show. Mo Luo held the rage within, Luo Feng however was carefree and happy.

2nd day!

Contest battles were officially beginning, Luo Feng’s first opponent was…Bolan!

“That Long Yun is indeed not a threat at all, I’ll settle him in an instant.” Mo Luo sat in his dark quiet study, opening a screen and swiftly selecting Luo Feng and Bolan’s match to watch, Mo Luo was previously heavily injured by Bolan before he killed him, hence he didn’t dare be little Bolan.

To Luo Feng, he naturally knew how strong he was.

As Luo Feng had defeated the 4 warriors that had passed the 7th level of the heavenly bridge, hence he had the right to participate in this contest battles. His strength was definitely strong!

Mo Luo recognized the importance of Luo Feng and Bolan’s fight. “Who’s stronger?” He stared at the screen, “Let’s hope Bolan teaches Luo Feng a good lesson.”

The scene on the screen was the air above an ocean.

Luo Feng and Bolan’s fight was very exciting, 1 used the blade world while the other had space as the main and time as the support, his attacks were terrifying and unpredictable! The flow of time constantly changed as the 2 battled non stop without a clear advantage in either!

“Hm!”

“This Luo Feng can actually match up to Bolan?” Mo Luo frowned, “Not good! Luo Feng is about to win!”

The vast skies above the ocean, had completely become a blade world!

The skies and land warped!

Countless amounts of blade energy revolved about, Luo Feng stood on his dark cloud shuttle in mid air, before him, 2 powerful threads of blade energy had condensed, in the distance, the white robed and blood red bleed wielding Bolan was obviously fatigued, there were many heavy wounds on his body, from his chest down to his legs, fresh blood stained the white robe.

“Luo Feng, you are much stronger than back then.” Bolan stared at Luo Feng.

“You are very strong too!” Luo Feng looked at Bolan, “However, let’s end this battle now!”

“Bring it!” Bolan stared at him.

Actually when Luo Feng had heavily injured Bolan earlier in the fight, the end of the battle was already set.

Xiu! Xiu!

2 threads of blade energy tore through the skies, infused with gold origin laws and space origin laws, plus it was 2 threads of condensed blade world energy, it attacked swiftly from 2 sides at Bolan. And the heavily injured Bolan swiftly dodged, he was however affected by his injuries, barely blocking one thread of blade energy, the other pierced right through his forehead!

“Rumble…” The blade world dispersed and countless gold lights swiftly returned to the dark golden long rod on Luo Feng’s back.

Bolan’s body fell from the skies, landing in the endless ocean.

Luo Feng looked at the body fall from mid air, shocked within.

Actually he had treated Bolan with respect, he didn’t instantly take out all his strength and wipe him out, but only used part of it to enjoy a good fight with him. However even so, he was shocked at Bolan’s improvement speed!

Before!

When he unleashed about 300 times of his spirit energy, along with the Nan Shen Armament’s Blade world, only then could he unleash 2 threads of blade energy to kill Bolan!

“I passed the 7th level of the heavenly bridge much earlier than Bolan!”

“However, if I didn’t receive the Demon note inheritance, if I didn’t have my soul pressure advantage, then I wouldn’t even be his match.” Luo Feng was shocked within, Bolan’s strength was actually so much stronger than Sa Jin, Ge and Ni Nan. He was probably comparable to chemist Yu Feng!”

Bolan’s improvement was too shocking.

He had only passed the 7th level 2 years ago, his strength was already close to the primal region’s Mo Luo. This forced Luo Feng to have to amplify his spirit energy to 300 times before he could win!

Of course…

If Luo Feng had used his soul pressure, and amplified his spirit energy to above 1800, the battle would have ended instantly.

“Teacher was right.” He thought, “Bolan’s talent in space laws are incredible, the moment he focuses on it, his improvement speed would be shocking! And combined with his partial comprehension of time laws, the 2 melded together, they are indeed a troublesome and dangerous combo.”

The universe primal chaos tablet, it was the hardest one of all and also the strongest.

Sou!

Luo Feng was teleported out.

His first battle, Luo Feng against Bolan, Victory! Results, 1 win, 0 draw, 0 loss!

…

Within the quiet study, Mo Luo had finished watching the footage of the battle between Luo Feng and Bolan, he couldn’t help but nod.

“This Luo Feng is indeed strong, comparable to Bolan.” He revealed a smile, “However, I have a guarantee of defeating Bolan! Even though it may be troublesome against Luo Feng, I’ll still win without a problem!”

“Hm!”

“The 2nd match is about to begin, my opponent is Luo Feng.” Mo Luo’s eyes gleamed with wildness, “Luo Feng, I’ll make you taste despair with this match.”

Absolute beginning, Luo Feng’s villa’s study, he was watching the 2 other battles that had occurred.

Mo Luo against Long Yun, instant victory! Ke Luo Fu against Yu Feng, it was slightly troublesome, but Ke Luo Fu still won!

“Wolfman Ke Luo Fu is simply too strong.” Luo Feng instantly let go of his feelings of relaxation, his own strength, he was very clear. As he had received the demon note inheritance, his spirit energy amplitude had been raised over 20 times, it made him leave Sa Jin, Ge, Ni Nan and the others far behind!

Chemist Yu Feng, as a chemist was simply too peculiar, it was a little troublesome, but he still won.

Only wolf man Ke Luo Fu, no matter how hard he tried he couldn’t win.

“Even though my spirit energy amplitude is strong, my comprehension isn’t enough, I still cannot reach the Nan Shen Armament’s balde world’s 2nd level, Omnipotence.” He thought, “Right now I can only be considered at the pinnacle of the 1st level.”

Nan Shen Armament’s 6 th level blade world could be split into 3 levels.

1st level, gathering 1 thread of blade energy, condensing more of the blade energy allowed one to form 2 threads, 3 threads…the distance used could be increased and slowly one could gather more threads further.

The 2nd level, one could swiftly condense the blade energy anywhere. For example condensing it suddenly behind the opponent’s head, instantly killing him.

The 3rd level was even more absurd. It could condense the entire blade world into 1 blade, that one blade infused with all the world energy, instantly killing the opponent!

Currently, Luo Feng was only at the pinnacle of the 1st level.

This was relying strongly on his spirit energy amplitude, in terms of law comprehension, just these few years of work had a limit on his improvement.

“Luo Feng, your 2nd primal region contest battle is about to begin, opponent Mo Luo!” The virtual universe system’s voice rang in Luo Feng’s ears.

Shua!

He was already teleported.

Luo Feng’s 2nd battle, began!


Chapter 592: Luo Feng VS Mo Luo

Luo Feng felt the land and skies warp before stepping on the ground.

“Hm?” He looked around, this was a desolate world, with a glance, if it weren’t ditches in the ground, it was many tall and short dark red mountains, he looked up in the distance…there he saw the vast space, even a close by planet.

“Planet environment, it feels like the air is incredibly thin here, probably a place where life cannot be supported. The planet’s gravity was only two thirds of earth’s gravity!” Luo Feng immediately deduced.

On the desolate planet, Luo Feng was dressed in a dark red armor, carrying a dark golden long rod on his back and standing on the dark cloud shuttle, he instantly flew into the sky!

“He!”

“Over there.” Luo Feng could clearly feel a huge energy in the distance, he immediately stepped on the dark cloud shuttle, swiftly passing the many mountains and chasing down his target.

After a few seconds.

The flying Luo Feng spotted a gold silhouette below standing on the peak of a mountain.

“It’s him.” Luo Feng swiftly slowed down and floated above in mid air.

“Luo Feng!” Mo Luo who was completely covered in gold armor, his eyes filled with flames and rage, “Today I’ll let you know that the primal region members are stronger than the absolute beginning members, and much stronger! Anyone who dares challenge the position of the primal region members will be decisively put down!”

Mo Luo who had entered his battle mode was no long his usual meek self, what he was was a madness like a wild beast.

“Ah, really?” Luo Feng smiled coldly at the distant gold silhouette, “A shameless punk like you, you sure have grandeur about you!”

“You are the shameless one!” Mo Luo roared.

Luo Feng’s expression grew heavy.

After everything, Mo Luo still shamelessly kept up his shameless act.

“Make your move, otherwise you won’t even have the chance to do anything.” Luo Feng looked coldly at the distant Mo Luo.

Arrogant!”

Mo Luo looked up at Luo Feng in mid air on his dark cloud shuttle, he roared as he rushed into space instantly, his stomp caused the stone mountain to shake, after which it began to crumble, countless stone fragments rolling and flying in all directions.

Mo Luo instantly reached Luo Feng.

“Ya!”

Rumble!

A punch that was almost like a burning meteorite, even the space surrounding it had ripples, he aimed it straight at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng stood on his dark cloud shuttle and coldly looked at everything, as Mo Luo’s powerful punch was reaching him, Luo Feng’s initial cold eyes instantly gleamed, a terrifying consciousness pressure attacked Mo Luo! That pressure comparable to an early stage sector lord, made even Sa Jin back then completely stunned.

Rumble! Mo Lo’s face instantly went pale, the wonders in his origin law infused punch was affected.

“What, his consciousness pressure is that terrifying? Just what miraculous encounters has he had, to have such terrifying consciousness! Consciousness strength represents the strength of his soul, and the soul is the core of the life…if his soul is that strong, wouldn’t walking the path of a spirit reader make him even stronger?”

“Impossible!”

Mo Luo fiercely roared, his expression struggled, his eyes bloodshot, he looked up and stared at Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng, die!!!”

He rushed into the sky, both his hands forming claws, one slight ahead of the other, in an instant the entire space was affected, after which as his claws warped before his chest, immediately “chi chi chi…” The law energies about were all affected.

Rumble… A 4 clawed ferocious beast image that was over 30m long appeared outside his body, the beast was skinny, from a glance it was similar to a ravenous wolf, only peculiar thing was that it had 2 black horns on its forehead!

Both his claws was where the fangs were on this fierce beast! “Howl…” Mo Luo’s expression was struggled, he rushed into the sky and straight at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng who was high in the sky gazed down below at Mo Luo who was rushing over, he revealed a cold smile and ordered softly, “Blade world!” The dark golden long rod on his back immediately shot out countless little golden lights, they in turn shot out countless golden threads that interconnected, every one ever so fine and thin.

The land and skies changed abruptly, into a vast blade world.

Blade world!

“Howl…” Mo Luo’s energy soared as he rushed at Luo Feng.

“Die!” Luo Feng said coldly.

Immediately, he gathered threads of dark gold blade energy before him, when the 1st was condensed, it swiftly shot at Mo Luo! Afterwhich the 2nd condensed thread of blade energy followed behind! Simultaneously, the 3rd was already in process of gathering…

“Child’s play!” Mo Luo roared, he moved his right claw, making the beast image look like it fiercely opened its big mouth wide.

Rumble!

The right claw slashed at the 1st blade energy, the entire beast image slightly shook, the blade energy however was dispersed.

“Haha, I’ll definitely win!” Mo Luo’s eyes were filled with madness, while he was normally meek and calm, during a true battle, he was a living beast, without any humanity.

“Hm?” Mo Luo’s expression changed.

Rumble!

The 2nd thread of blade energy pierced at him, he once again blocked it.

Rumble!

The 3rd thread of bade energy!

The 4th thread of blade energy!

The 5th thread…

…

Almost like continuous bullets, wave after wave.

Mo Luo used his technique and fought with his life to defend against the 4th thread, the wood, fire and space laws that his technique used to form the beast image had completely been dispersed, when that was gone, he naturally couldn’t block anymore.

“Chi!” The 5th thread of blade energy pierced right through Mo Luo’s palm and after that straight through his chest, revealing a bloody cavity. Simultaneously, the force of the attack knocked him fiercely downwards.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

The many threads of blade energy rushed and pierced right through his body one after another, causing him to fall further.

“No!” Mo Luo’s eyes were bloodshot, his mouth filled with fresh blood.

Chi!

Another thread of blade energy pierced right through his face, immediately destroying his consciousness.

Rumble!

Mo Luo’s body that was already filled with holes and injuries was finally knocked back down onto the surface of that stone planet, with a huge rumble, a huge ring shaped ditch with a diameter of about 10km was formed, there in the center was where his body landed.

The blade world automatically dispersed, countless gold lights returned to the dark golden long rod on Luo Feng’s back.

Luo Feng slowly descended, he gazed at the huge ring shape ditch and the tattered and torn body of Mo Luo in the center, “You are only a little stronger than Bolan, if I simply used 3 or 4 threads of blade energy together, I would have killed you instantly. However I didn’t do so…I used them 1 at a time and you were still guaranteed death!”

2nd battle, Luo Feng against Mo Luo, Luo Feng won! Results 2 wins, 0 draws, 0 losses!

Sou!

Luo Feng was teleported out.

During the absolute beginning matches earlier, Luo Feng had noticed that he was already too much stronger than Sa Jin, Ge and Ni Nan. He wasn’t weaker than them before the demon note inheritance. Now that his spirit energy amplitude had risen over 20 times, it was simply decimation. The chemist Yu Feng was hard to deal with mainly because he had mysterious drugs.

Chemists were very special.

A strong warrior may not necessarily be more durable than a weak person! It only meant that in terms of possibility, those able to withstand the chemists were usually stronger.

Other than chemist Yu Feng being hard to deal with, he had no way of dealing with wolfman Ke Luo Fu!

Bolan, he used only a portion of his power and settled it! To display his respect, he didn’t over power him too much, that would be bullying.

Mo Luo? He bullied him all the way!

…

Within the quiet study, Mo Luo was curled up like a cat, he grabbed his head as he muttered, “How can this be, I actually lost without any ability to defend, killed by the wave after wave of blade energy. He can already simultaneously unleash 4 to 5 threads of blade energy…”

“How can his improvement be that huge?”

“Back during his fight with Sa Jin, he could only condense 1 thread of blade energy. And he only recently passed the 7th level of the heavenly bridge!”

“It’s only been 6 years since he passed the 7th level!”

“6 years!!!”

Mo Luo’s expression was filled with pain, he closed his eyes and muttered, “His improvement in 6 years is so huge! That Bolan only passed the 7th level 2 years ago, but I’ve checked his information before. I’ve seen his footage from the genius competition, very obviously back then he could already unleash over 10,000 images in movement, just in terms of space laws, he was already terrifying back then.”

“The only thing was he tried to focus on both space and time! Hence he lagged behind and his improvement was slow.”

“Right now he’s focusing on space as his main, the reserves and training from the recent 200 years have come to fruit, hence he very quickly passed the 7th level. He quickly comprehended and turned all these 200 years of training into strength.”

“His shocking improvement, I understand!”

“But Luo Feng, what’s going on with him?”

“In the vast universe, everything has a reason, he cannot be absurdly strong for no reason at all.” Mo Luo closed his eyes in pain as he curled there, muttering non stop, “Luo Feng was still very weak during the genius battles, but he kept improving. Every bit of his training he had already turned into strength! He shouldn’t have had such a sudden jump in improvement.”

“Why?”

“Why?”

Curled up in his study, Mo Luo fiercely opened his eyes and used all his limbs to slam the ground, his eyes bloodshot, expression struggled.

“Haha…”

“I’ve lost!”

“I’ve lost! Losing this round means I’ve lost the entire contest battles. I’ve been kicked into the absolute beginning region. I’ve been kicked out.” Mo Luo fell on the floor helplessly, almost lying flat in the study, he talked while his eyes filled with tears, almost like a madman.

The contest battle had 6 participants, and only 1 slot, only the strongest would acquire the slot.

Hence, the moment one lost a match, there was no more hope.

…

After a while.

Mo Luo stood back up, almost like a wolf licking its wounds and fully recovered, his eyes were filled with endless ambition, “I’ve only temporarily been kicked into the absolute beginning region, there’s still the next qualification battles! If I can’t make it in the universe level, there’s still the domain lord level!”

“I, Mo Luo, will definitely become the strongest!”

“No one can obstruct my path, no one!” Mo Luo roared softly.

At this time, Mo Luo didn’t even know that the reason behind Luo Feng’s great rise in strength was because of his kick back then.

His kick was intended to rid himself of a threat, however it resulted in him making Luo Feng becoming his greatest obstacle.


Chapter 593: Threat

The virtual universe company’s universe level core members’ qualification battles happen every hundred years, the battles that draw the most attention were without doubt the contest battles for the primal region slot. Firstly, there was only 1 slot every time allowing one member to enter. Secondly, the title primal region member was something that every core genius fought hard for and wished they had.

“Beautiful victory!”

“The Ganwu universe country’s Luo Feng won again!”

“His record is already 3 wins, 0 draws and 0 losses!”

Within a restaurant of Yu Xiang mountain’s public region, many geniuses had screens opened up before them, on it displayed Luo Feng’s match against Long Yun, they all discussed loudly. To these geniuses that faced their contest battles in the last phase and sky and land regions, the primal region slot contest battles were definitely the pinnacle of matches, of course they all anticipated them and wished to see who actually made the breakthrough.

Before this match had even begun, about 100% of the core members had already determined Luo Feng would win without a doubt, and the result was just as they had expected. Luo Feng very cleanly won the battle easily.

“Luo Feng didn’t even need to unleash the blade world to defeat Long Yun, just the Totem pillar would have been enough, Long Yun is simply too much weaker than him.”

“This batch’s 6 people in the contest battles, the weakest is Long Yun, Luo Feng had indeed expected too much from Long Yun earlier.”

“What do you know, Long Yun and Luo Feng are from the same batch of genius competition, they were comrades then and maybe even good friends normally. Even if he was 100% set to win, giving the opponent respect is also a form of grace.” Sitting around the dining table, a silver skinned youth with a few hundred pigtails said.

Others within the restaurant all suddenly made a noise.

“This contest battle, up till now, within the 6, only 2 have not had a loss!”

“Luo Feng and Ke Luo Fu, they both haven’t lost!”

“The one entering the primal region this time should be from the 2 of them, everybody guess, who will be the one to get that primal region slot?” The restaurant grew even rowdier as the geniuses from the many universe countries all discussed fervently, obviously most of them favored the Wolfman Ke Luo Fu.

Sitting right in the center of the restaurant, a shockingly fat red eyed man with a huge mouth laughed loudly, “Luo Feng? He’ll definitely lose to Ke Luo Fu. What’s more, he may not even get past Yu Feng!”

Luo Feng’s 4th match, was against the chemist Yu Feng.

“Chemist Yu Feng?”

The restaurant instantly got silent.

It wasn’t that Yu Feng’s power was huge, but the chemist power was something that made the geniuses shudder within.

3 battles, 3 wins, at this point, Bolan, Long Yun, Mo Luo and Yu Feng all had losses, only he and Ke Luo Fu were still winning.

“I have to beat Yu Feng!”

“After I defeat Yu Feng, I’ll have 4 consecutive wins.” Luo Feng thought. “Then I’ll fight it out and give my everything against Ke Luo Fu, if I lose I’ll stay in the absolute beginning region, if I win I’ll enter the primal region!”

“Yu Feng?”

Luo Feng sat before his desk and looked at the screen on his laptop, on it displayed large amounts of information on chemists. Actually, there were many special routes and paths within the vast universe for humanity, the known fighter and spirit reader was simply the most basic and most common of all.

There were specialists that controlled puppets, a puppeteer, beast tamers that used strong beasts to battle, chemist that studied the many peculiar materials in the universe…

These were all special professions that allowed the weak to battle the strong, for example, if one tamed an extra powerful beast, naturally his power would be strong too. However the development pathways for such specialists, were a lot more narrow and tougher to reach the top, many warriors that had poor comprehension of the laws would rather try these specialization.

However these may not be the right path!

The percentage of failures exceeded over 99.99999…%, it could be said that rising up from these specialization paths was simply too hard!

The chemists, named the universe researchers.

They would study the many peculiar and strange materials in the universe, their many special properties and dissect them, later using their own methods to go through their many and infinite details, finally creating drugs that suited their style of attack! These drugs were all forms and styles, be it powder, a grain of sand, a flower, a tree or even a blade.

Anyway, the chemist’s drugs were extremely peculiar and unpredictable.

As for strength, they varied.

Due to their life evolution, the universe level warriors could fight even on white dwarf stars, ignoring cosmic rays, the strong magnetic field, the extreme high temperatures and the destruction from the high gravity. It could be said that their life force was extremely tenacious! Hence to actually harm a warrior of that level with drugs was a very hard thing to do.

However…

There’s ultimately people who succeed! There may be some universe level chemist who managed to create a drug that was a threat even to undyings! There were such cases in the history of the universe! Of course these were rare and hard to find.

Even if one knew the way to create the drugs, simply following the steps was still very hard to succeed.

The process for making the drugs was simply too complex. Even to the point where the creator of the drugs may not be able to replicate their own results a 2nd time.

A chemist, in summary: A research type warrior that studies and creates drugs!

Just like several natural occurrences like some mists in the universe secret regions that can even put an undying to sleep, these mists were like natural drugs, as long as one studied and the storage and release techniques, it could be used in battle. However the danger of containing and controlling it was harder.

“The chemist’s strength lies in his drugs.” Luo Feng frowned, “I beat him before, but that doesn’t mean I will definitely win again, I have to be alert.”

“Luo Feng, your 4th contest battles for the primal region slot is about to begin, your opponent is Yu Feng!” The virtual universe system’s voice rang in his years, a powerful energy immediately engulfed Luo Feng.

Sou!

He was transported to the arena!

In an extra huge laboratory that took up over 30,000 square meters, automaton laboratory, living laboratory, energy region, nurture region…many different regions, with all sorts of apparatus about, millions of pieces of equipment, Yu Feng’s eyes were filled with excitement and anticipation, his spirit energy was controlling and mixing the drug.

“Luo Feng’s consciousness pressure is shocking, hence the best way to deal with a spirit reader normally, which is to use a drug that invades his soul, that would have poor results with him.”

“Then, I’ll affect his soul through his body!”

“I’ve already failed 1,892 times! I have to succeed this time!”

Yu Feng retrieved his drug’s most basic ingredient, the Fish crystal liquid and swiftly mixed it, actually since his loss to Luo Feng earlier in the qualification battles, he swiftly understood the mistake from that battle! According to his deduction, with the fish crystal liquid, he should be able to produce a stronger drug than before.

The previous battle, he used fish crystal number 18 and successfully defeated Bolan!

Right now he was studying fish liquid 19.

“Only 0.0001 seconds, if I miss the timing, it will disperse.” Yu Feng didn’t even hesitate, continuing like lightning, or slow like a breeze as he mixed the drugs, it required genetic energy and spirit energy to mix, these were also the reasons why the drugs from a chemists weren’t something normal people dared to mess with, if they didn’t know the technique and used the drugs, they may affect themselves.

“Chi!”

Suddenly a shade of pink appeared in the air ahead, the pink slowly returned to colorless, almost like there was nothing. Simultaneously, a black round ball on the table changed in an instant into a pink ball.

“I’ve finally succeeded!” Yu Feng extended his hand and grabbed that pink ball.

“In reality, I’ve actually long succeeded in making this fish crystal 19. However the rules in the virtual universe system are troublesome.” He shook his head, a fighter and spirit reader could retrieve whatever weapons and armor they needed easily, however a chemist had no way to request for drugs like that.

They could only request the ingredients and materials, and each of the materials had to be below 1 mixed element!

Whatever drugs he wanted to use, it had to be something he could create within the virtual universe, otherwise he wouldn’t be allowed to use it. This was to guard against cheating.

“Yu Feng, your 4th contest battle for the primal region slot is about to begin, your opponent is Luo Feng!” The virtual universe system’s voice rang in his ears, only then did Yu Feng let out a sigh of relief, he had just finished this drug 19 a moment before the battle was about to begin, his luck was indeed good.

Sou!

He was transported away.

The winds howled like demon cries, sand flew about in the skies, the land and skies were vast and blurry.

Luo Feng stood in the sky, dressed in dark red armor, the extreme wind and sand in the skies blew hard at his hair.

“Newbie!”

A black silhouette appeared in mid air in the distance, he too stood on a flying weapon.

Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle and looked at the black robed Yu Feng, he could only see his incredibly calm eyes, any chemist was either extremely calm or extremely passionate, otherwise they wouldn’t be able to deal with the many many failures while researching their drugs.

“You won the last time, back then I sent you a mail… saying you wouldn’t be so lucky the next time!” Yu Feng’s voice was agitated, “Indeed, at the last moment before this battle I finally finished my drug 19, it’s my luck and your downfall!”

“Cut the crap!” Luo Feng’s eyes were excited.

Chemist?

His experience with chemists were few, Luo Feng did have a sense of respect to those of the profession, to be able be a chemist and lead, they were all incredible people.

“Let’s fight!” Luo Feng howled.

Rumble!

Immediately countless gold lights shot in all directions, immediately the sand in the skies all vanished, becoming an endless blade world, the white vast blade world had countless blade energy that were like fish revolving within, and Luo Feng was the god of this blade world! The only ruler!

“Condense!”

In an instant 5 threads of blade energy had condensed before Luo Feng, every one of them taking the shape of a blade.

“Hahaha…” The black robed Yu Feng laughed loudly, simultaneously countless black threads shot out in all directions from his body, he used his spirit energy to control the countless threads to form a net that aimed to wrap about Luo Feng.

“Go!”

Just as Luo Feng was about to send his blade energy to attack, he suddenly felt piercing pain throughout his body…


Chapter 594: Shock

Even though the pain was still within Luo Feng’s threshold, that sort of piercing pain swiftly permeated into his head, even his brain felt the effects of it, waves and waves of radioactive piercing pain, almost like countless ants biting within his brain, even a universe level genius whose willpower wasn’t strong enough wouldn’t be able to withstand it.

These were all secondary, the most important thing was…

Consciousness!

One’s consciousness was deep within the brain, a universe level’s soul too was within that consciousness. A body simulated within the virtual universe was naturally a typical normal body, hence in the network…Luo Feng’s weak point was his consciousness!

The pain had spread throughout his brain and permeated into his consciousness, causing it to shudder within.

“Even though drug 19’s attack on the body is weaker, it is stronger against the brain and its mental effect reaches an absolute level, naturally it can affect the consciousness and once that’s done, a spirit reader will definitely fall!” Flying in the distance on his weapon, Yu Feng’s eyes gleamed, he pointed straight at Luo Feng.

“Go and die!” Immediately countless threads were like sharp blades rushing at Luo Feng, no matter how much of a genius one was, this body was a normal universe level 9 body simulated by the virtual universe company. It would definitely be instantly destroyed.

Against the overwhelming number of blades, Luo Feng’s eyes went cold!

“Subdue!”

His powerful willpower caused his soul to become like a rock, even if his consciousness was shaken, his used his willpower and consciousness to forcefully control his spirit energy. Almost like a general using his ability to direct his soldiers to steady a ship in turbulent waters. Simultaneously controlling his genetic energy and spirit energy to madly enter his body and destroy the poison.

“Even if the skies and lands are destroyed, nothing will affect me!”

Rumble!

Luo Feng, on his dark cloud shuttle, left behind an image and swiftly dodged, simultaneously controlling his blade world to attack, affecting the countless black threads, his eyes raging as he shouted: “Yu Feng, die!”

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

5 translucent dark golden blade shaped condensed blade energys, like 5 golden rainbows tore through the skies and shot at the black robed man. While it shot out, the 5 rainbows melded with the universe space laws, visible ripples could be seen by the naked eye in the surroundings, the blade world formed in the space had formed an incredibly powerful pressuring effect.

Blade world, it was that shocking!

“How could he get over it so easily? Just how terrifying his is willpower and consciousness?” The black robed Yu Feng’s eyes stared, filled with disbelief.

The threads of blade energy, like lasers shot through his body over and over, fresh blood stained his black robes.

His body fell directly from mid air, his eyes still filled with disbelief, as a chemist, researcher and creator, he was very clear on his drugs’ effects, even to the point where he tested the drugs on himself. He couldn’t even suppress the effects of drug 18, much less drug 19.

Luo Feng however suppressed it completely!

“Chi!” That torn and tattered body landed in the sand, Luo Feng landed beside, “Unless your drugs are able to pierce right through my mental state and make my consciousness rumble, they can never affect me.”

Sou!

The virtual universe system transported Luo Feng out.

Luo Feng’s 4th match, against the chemist Yu Feng, victory! Result 4 wins, 0 draws, 0 losses!

…

In the universe, it was indeed possible for a drug to completely pierce through one’s mental state and make one’s consciousness crumble immediately, to reach a stage where it can make a universe level 9 warrior’s consciousness crumble, the process of creation was extremely difficult, and it must be a contraband drug. If one could produce it on a large scale, then there would be no point in having the universe soldiers in the wars outside the star fields.

The universe was after all fair.

It gave chemists the ability to create heavenly drugs that were extremely powerful, yet it also made their path extremely difficult. The overpowering drugs were set to be hard to produce in numbers, even to the point where the creator may not be able to use it himself safely.

“I’ve lost, that would be my strategy’s fault.” Yu Feng was dressed in a white robe in his lab, swiftly pondering the reason for the loss, “He’s a spirit reader, his attack methods use spirit energy, then no matter how much I harm his body, with his willpower, he can still use spirit energy to control the Nan Shen Armament and attack me.”

“Hence, my initial path of attack was right.”

“I first have to affect his use of the Nan Shen Armament.”

“1 is to immediately use soul affecting drugs, however my Kasiwo number 6 drug also failed. 2 is to pierce his mental state and affect his consciousness, affecting his control of the Nan Shen Armament from deep within.” Yu Feng frowned and pondered, “My thought process wasn’t wrong, hence, there’s only one reason!”

“My drugs aren’t strong enough!”

Yu Feng didn’t think anymore, he immediately tapped in mid air ahead of him and an extra huge screen appeared, on it were a blur of words, he then immersed himself back into his drug research…

Chemists were lone warriors, they had to endure this loneliness too.

Rather, in the vast universe, just the number of life forms alone was countless, much less the types of materials, like plants, just that name alone, even if one recited for up to a hundred million years, he wouldn’t be able to recite all the types of plants in the universe. The many types of plants, metal, liquids, gas…

Everything that could be discovered in the universe.

Whether it was stars, planets, black holes and even microscopic life forms, everything was within a chemist’s field of research. If a chemist was able to produce a black hole through his own methods, then that black hole would be one of his drugs. Naturally that’s an exaggerated example.

Before a black hole, even the universe space would crumble, even an undying would sucked in and destroyed.

Creating a black hole?

The path of the chemist, till date there hasn’t been one who’s accomplished it.

The universe was incredibly vast, with many generations of chemists one after another, however, they still felt as though…there were countless paths for them to proceed on.

Maybe there would come a day where some chemist would have some shocking discovery.

He won!

Luo Feng had defeated the chemist Yu Feng and acquired 4 consecutive wins. Ke Luo Fu too had completed his 4th battle and defeated Long Yun!

Hence, the 2 of them had 4 consecutive wins!

…

The tens of thousands of core members in virtual universe company’s Yu Xiang Mountain were all paying close attention to the upcoming match, even the domain lords and sector lord level members were all awaiting this match. Because usually, halfway through the contest battles, they would be able to tell who would get the slot already.

This time however, it was actually up to the final match.

“This punk from the Ganwu universe country, he just joined the virtual universe company not long ago, only 200 years and he’s actually able to attempt to enter the primal region?”

“However from the footage, Ke Luo Fu is indeed very strong.”

After Luo Feng defeated Yu Feng, he sat quietly in his own study, 4 consecutive wins, it made him have the highest chance to enter the primal region.

“Wolfman Ke Luo Fu!”

“A majestic battle to settle this!”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, almost like a mad golden horned beast.

“Luo Feng!” A voice suddenly rang in his mind, making him stunned as he swiftly ran downstairs, there in the living room, True Yan Emperor stood in a simple golden long robe.

“Teacher!”Luo Feng quickly bowed respectfully.

True Yan emperor carefully observed Luo Feng, a smile appeared on his face as he nodded, Not bad, you’ve done very well this time.”

“Your student hasn’t entered the primal region, there’s still one more battle.” Luo Feng revealed helplessness, “However this last battle, he doesn’t have any guarantee at all.”

“You’ve done well enough.” True Yan immediately sat in the sofa and gazed at Luo Feng, “You’ve had 4 consecutive wins this time, 1, the win over Bolan has proven you are the most exceptional in the batch of the genius competition. 2, the win over the primal region member Mo Luo has proven your strength is already primal region level. 3, the win over Yu Feng has proven that even such an exceptional chemist cannot find your weakness.”

Luo Feng stood at the side without any sense of pride.

True Yan was surprised as he saw the situation, normally when a teacher teaches a disciple, he worries that his student would get arrogant. But this disciple of his…had been perpetually humble. Even when he complimented him, Luo Feng remained the same.

“But I don’t have any guarantee of beating Ke Luo Fu.” Luo Feng was still completely immersed on his upcoming 5th match.

“Beating?”

True Yan laughed out loudly, his laughter rang out throughout the entire living room.

“Teacher?” Luo Feng asked curiously.

“I’ve watched your entire qualification battles this time, hence I’ve seen the battle between you and Ke Luo Fu.” True Yan emperor was filled with smiles, “I dare say, he definitely has the ability now to pass the 8th level of the heavenly bridge!”

“What?”

Luo Feng stared wide eyed, “Pass the 8th level?”

Passing every level of the heavenly bridge was incredibly difficult, within the entire virtual universe company’s universe level core members, only the strongest Fei Tuo of the primal region had passed the 8th level. Fe Tuo, the one and only!

Wolfman Ke Luo Fu could pass the 8th level too?

If others had said this Luo Feng would have taken it as a joke, but this coming from his own teacher, the undying being closest to becoming a universe country leader.

“I’ve seen the footage of the previous qualification battles of Ke Luo Fu, he wasn’t that strong before, his strength exploded within the past couple of hundred of years.” True Yan sat there and gently sipped his tea, “Passing the 8th level of the heavenly bridge, other than Fei Tuo, there’s no other universe level core members that can be his match.”

Luo Feng went silent.

The news his teacher had brought was enough to shock him.

“Don’t be dejected.” True Yan emperor laughed, “This battle has already attracted the attention of many of the upper echelons of the virtual universe company. The wolfman Ke Luo Fu is very exceptional, your improvement is very shocking too. Hence the 2 of you both have gained great recognition and attention. Even if you simply lose this round, I believe the next qualification battles you’ll be able to make it into the primal region.”

“Is it impossible this time?” Luo Feng took a deep breath.

Right.

His own strength, was already considered the pinnacle of the 7th level. The wolfman Ke Luo Fu was still able to completely suppress him, he indeed had the power to pass the 8th level.

“The final battle of the contest battles!”

“Looks like I have to use that move!” Luo Feng thought within, “Maybe I’ll still have 30% chance to win!”

He had never used that move before, the ‘cheating’ move of his.


Chapter 595: Luo Feng and Ke Luo Fu, The Final Battle

Luo Feng and Ke Luo Fu, The Final Battle

As one only sends his consciousness into the virtual universe network, the geniuses battling in the virtual universe all had the same universe level 9 bodies simulated by the virtual universe network, everybody had the same structure and physical bodies.

Then, any way to increase Luo Feng’s strength would have to rely on one’s consciousness!

How would he get stronger?

The Mosha clansman was a favored child of space, the golden horned beast’s right claw was its strongest trump card, even his earth body was a blood warrior, however these were all useless! Because the body Luo Feng used in the virtual universe was simply a normal body, it didn’t have the Mosha clansman’s specialties and no blood river power!

And Luo Feng’s true cheating method was…

The natural ability…strengthen!

Back then when the golden horned beast had its head blown off on earth, it raged and unleashed its natural ability…strengthen…its offensive powers not only exploded, even its flying speed grew by a lot! Later after Luo Feng repossessed it, it had once let the golden horned beast unleash its natural ability strengthen while he controlled the hybrid copper essence shard, destroying the group of elites from the Nuo Lan Shan family.

Natural ability, it strengthened everything, body, soul, everything!

Instantly doubled!

Under the effects of strengthening, one’s speed, strength and consciousness etc would all increase one entire time, doubled altogether!

Doubling one’s consciousness strength would allow Luo Feng’s consciousness within the virtual universe network to naturally double!

“At the time of battle, I’ll let the golden horned beast in the real world unleash its strengthening ability, immediately my soul within the core would strengthen and my consciousness would double! With a stronger consciousness…firstly it’ll make my strength higher. Then my control and power of the Nan Shen Armament would be stronger.” Luo Feng thought.

Stronger consciousness pressure!

Stronger Nan Shen Armament!

It indeed made Luo Feng’s strength grow by a lot.

“However this move is considered ‘cheating’. Luo Feng thought, “The battles within the virtual universe all use the same body structures! It’s mainly to test one’s law comprehension and technique strengths, along with battle experience etc. And through the golden horned beast’s natural ability Strengthening, using my stronger consciousness to add to my strength, it is considered cheating.”

“However!”

“My miraculous encounters should be considered a type of strength too right.” Luo Feng thought.

Luo Feng may seem like he was cheating, however as he could use it while his consciousness was in the virtual universe made it so that it wasn’t forbidden and naturally not considered cheating. It could only be considered suspect to cheating!

…

Within the living room, True Yan Emperor saw that Luo Feng seemed to be deep in thought, he laughed, “Don’t stress yourself out, losing this match isn’t a big deal! Who hasn’t encountered setbacks and difficulty, what’s more I’m already very satisfied with your performance this time. And that Ke Luo Fu is indeed much stronger than you, even if you lose, no one will say anything.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Calm yourself and maintain your pinnacle condition.” True Yan suddenly stood up, saying, “Even though you don’t have much hope of winning, this battle has attracted the attention of many people, even the upper echelon beings are noticing this battle. Hence, you have to give your all before you lose, then you won’t have any regrets.”

“Yes teacher.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Hm, calm down and rest!”

True Yan nodded, after which he left the virtual universe network.

Seeing his teacher leave, Luo Feng then sat down quietly, staring at the table and muttering, “Ke Luo Fu, no matter what, I will use my greatest strength to fight you! I cannot simply hide my power and just hand the primal region slot to you!”

“Who will finally win, we’ll see at the final battle!” Luo Feng closed his eyes and collected himself.

Mental state was indeed a great influence on one’s strength.

Hence calming himself and maintaining his pinnacle condition was a very important preparation.

Absolute beginning region.

“That Yu Feng gave me a minor problem.” Ke Luo Fu sat in his own wine cellar, it was filled with large amounts of many types of alcohol, he lifted a huge glass cup and took a big sip, his eyes filled with anticipation, “No one else was even a threat.”

“That punk Luo Feng, he indeed has amazing potential.”

“If it weren’t for 100 years ago when I did the Dangerous level mission and discovered that mission world’s huge secret, allowing me to gain a miraculous encounter, with my basic foundation strength rising greatly. I wouldn’t be able to defeat him.” Wolfman Ke Luo Fu thought within.

He recalled the great encounter he went through over 100 years ago, he was still very excited.

That encounter gave him a true chance to rise up, the current him indeed had the power to pass the 8th level of the heavenly bridge, but he didn’t rush over to attempt it. Because he was preparing to do it only after the qualification battles, it wouldn’t be late then.

“As for now?”

“Defeating him won’t be hard at all.” Wolfman Ke Luo Fu’s eyes gleamed with a sense of wildness, “If I’m able to make it into the primal region this time, then, I’ll get one more chance to take on another impossible level mission. And more dangerous level missions. I think I’ll be able to get the big secrets from those missions.”

…

The most awaited battle of the qualification battles, the final battle between Luo Feng and Ke Luo Fu was about to begin. This battle had attracted the attention of many, everybody wished to see just who would finally get the primal region slot.

Amongst those spectating, there was one very special person.

“Feng!” Xu Xin sat in the corner of a noisy bar, within it floated 4 enormous screens, they were playing the many battles of the qualification battles, the moment the most exciting match of all, Luo Feng against Ke Luo Fu began, they would all be able to watch it.

The bar was filled with discussions, be it complimenting Ke Luo Fu or shocked at Luo Feng’s strength.

Xu Xin was in the corner silently listening to the group of geniuses from the many universe countries all discussing her husband, she couldn’t help but feel proud within.

“I believe you’ll definitely win.” Xu Xin thought within.

Silently sitting in the sofa, Luo Feng suddenly heard a familiar sound in his ears, “Luo Feng, your 5th contest battle for the primal region slot is about to begin, your opponent is Ke Luo Fu!” This made Luo Feng instantly open his eyes, they gleamed with an unstoppable resolve.

Sou!

Luo Feng was transported into the arena.

…

And in reality, within the core of demon mountain in the absolute beginning region, on the inheritance steps of the inheritance palace.

Within his internal world as he sat crossed legged.

The golden horned beast which was like a huge black mountain range, its huge dark golden eyes gleamed with anticipation, it had already prepared, ready to unleash its natural ability strengthen. The moment the battle began, it would unleash it.

…

Virtual universe, contest battles, Luo Feng Vs Ke Luo Fu.

Within the arena, Luo Feng felt the sky and land warp, after which he stood on the ground, he looked around, with a glance, he saw the endless primal forests, the air was somewhat moist.

“The gravity here is about 12 times that of earth.”

“The air temperature is about 82 degrees.” Luo Feng instantly did the calculations within, the dark red armor on his surface had long formed a perfectly fitting armor, even forming a helmet on his head, the dark golden long rod on his back, the screen on his wrist, on it information appeared.

Luo Feng looked around, the primal forest was extremely dense and hard to see through.

Sou!

He swiftly rose into the sky and flew a 1,000m up, in the air above the forest.

“Ah, where is he?” Luo Feng frowned, after which he carefully tried to sense him.

The virtual universe system would normally transport both exponents pretty close to each other, they would normally feel and sense each other clearly. This time however…Luo Feng realized he couldn’t feel a sense of life or energy within the area.

Luo Feng stood in the air above the primal forest and roared, “Ke Luo Fu! Come out!”

“Come out! Come out! Come out!” …His voice resounded over and over within the space, strongly creating ripples through kilometers about the forest.

Yu Xiang mountain public region.

Many restaurants and bars, along with many living quarters of the core members, many had opened their screens to spectate the battle.

“Yu Feng against Mo Luo, battle ongoing, able to watch footage soon!”

“Bolan against Long Yun, battle ongoing, able to watch footage soon!”

“Luo Feng against Ke Luo Fu, battle yet to begin, please wait!”

This was the information shown on the screen about the 3 matches, the other 2 matches were displayed easily, they even began already, only the most exciting and most crucial of battles…Luo Feng against Ke Luo Fu, the battle had yet to begin!

“What’s going on?”

“Shouldn’t the 3 matches all began simultaneously? Why hasn’t Luo Feng against Ke Luo Fu’s battle begun yet?”

“What’s going on?”

The bar was bustling with shouts and noise.

Xu Xin who was sitting in the corner too frowned as she looked at the huge screen, the words displayed on the screen were very clear, “Luo Feng against Ke Luo Fu, battle yet to begin, please wait!”

“Yu Feng has lost, Mo Luo has won.”

“Long Yun has lost, Bolan has won.”

The other 2 battles have ended.

However the screen that was connected to Luo Feng’s battle still showed the same prompt as before… “Luo Feng against Ke Luo Fu, battle yet to begin, please wait!”

“Has something happened to the screen?”

“I’m looking at me?”

The group of core members in the bar all stood before the screen in mid air, the one connected to Luo Feng’s match against Ke Luo Fu, the screen still showed the same prompt, “Luo Feng against Ke Luo Fu, battle yet to begin, please wait!”

“Please wait my ass!”

“This is the most crucial match.”

“What’s going on?”

The group of core members were all anxious, Xu Xin was anxious too, Wuka, Rong Jun and the others were all anxious too as they held their breaths.

Even Luo Feng’s teacher True Yan emperor, along with the upper echelon of the virtual universe company, they were all suspicious too.

In the arena, in the air above the primal forest, Luo Feng looked about.

“What’s going on, why hasn’t Ke Luo Fu appeared?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Luo Feng!”The virtual universe system’s voice rang in his ears again, “Since the beginning of the 5th match till now, Ke Luo Fu’s consciousness has yet to enter the virtual universe network, hence we’ve been unable to transport him here! The verdict is…Ke Luo Fu has forfeited!”

Luo Feng stared wide eyed.

Forfeited?


Chapter 596: Declaration

There were a total of 5 rounds in the contest battles, every round had 3 battles that had fixed timings.

The virtual universe company would definitely never delay or postpone the matches just because of someone who didn’t enter the virtual universe network. The match timings are all released much earlier, if one party fails to enter the virtual universe network at the time, then they would immediately be deemed as forfeiting, simultaneously, the other party would automatically achieve victory from that match.

Hence, this battle, Luo Feng won without even fighting.

Consecutive 5 wins!

5 points, 100%, acquiring 1st place.

“How can this be?” Luo Feng’s expression while he stood in the primal forest was complex, for his last battle he had prepared to fight it out with all he had, even though he didn’t have any chance for victor for this battle, even if he failed, he wanted to have a thrilling battle all and all.

Who who had expected such an outcome?

Sou!

Luo Feng was transported out of the arena!

In that bar in Yu Xiang Mountain, the screen on it still displayed… “Luo Feng’s battle against Ke Luo Fu has yet to begin, please wait!” However it quickly followed up with another prompt… “Luo Feng’s match against Ke Luo Fu, since Ke Luo Fu has failed to enter the virtual universe network within the set time, he’s been deemed as automatically forfeiting, Luo Feng wins this battle.”

The bar was chaotic.

Those that were discussing why their battle had yet to begin saw as the words on the screen suddenly changed, it however made the initially chaotic bar grow silent.

Pure silence!

The geniuses from the many universe countries gathered in the bar were all completely stunned, almost like back on earth many years back during the world cup, when everybody was highly anticipating the finals, the most anticipated match of all, suddenly one team met with a vehicle accident right before, with many of their players heavily injured and crippled etc, making them have no choice but to forfeit.

This was simply fate’s joke!

“What’s going on?”

“What joke is this?”

“Is it true?”

After the silence, the entire bar erupted in chaos.

“The final battle is the one that will determine the slot of the primal region. Why hasn’t that Ke Luo Fu entered the virtual universe?” No one doubted the words on the screen, as these were generated by the virtual universe system, after all this system…

Within the entire humanity, it was never, ever, wrong!

They’d rather believe that trillions of people had made a mistake before even suspecting that the system would make one.

Even Xu Xin who was in the corner of the bar paying attention to all this was stunned, she had thought about Luo Feng winning or losing, however she never expected he’d win like that.

…

Primal region contest battles slot (Universe level) has ended, 15 matches all ended.

Luo Feng consecutively won 5 matches, he won 1st place and acquired the primal region slot!

The others, Mo Luo, Ke Luo Fu, Yu Feng, Long Yun and Bolan were all set to enter the absolute beginning region.

…

The outcome of the contest battles naturally spread fast, as for Luo Feng entering the primal region, it was actually still something the core geniuses could all accept. As even though he won without fighting that last battle, Luo Feng had indeed won all 4 of his previous matches.

To be able to defeat Mo Luo and Yu Feng proved that he already had the strength of a primal region member.

Secondly, Luo Feng’s time in the virtual universe company was extremely short, his 1st qualification battles and he still provided such a shocking performance against the seniors that had trained for thousands of years. Lastly, his talent…from the perspectives of the groups of geniuses, was probably even more absurd than Ke Luo Fu. All it took was maybe 1 or 2 more qualification battles and Luo Feng’s place in the primal region would be definitely secured, that was a given.

Hence…

For such an absolute genius like Luo Feng making it into the primal region, everybody could accept it. However, what everybody couldn’t accept the most or was dumbfounded by was…why did Ke Luo Fu not enter the virtual universe in the most critical time. If he wanted to forfeit, there were many geniuses that knew or regarded their own strengths as too weak, forfeiting long before their battles, Ke Luo Fu’s situation was rare.

Luo Feng’s entry into the primal region spread fast, there were many different reactions.

Some were incredibly happy, like his teacher True Yan emperor, he laughed carefree, “Haha, my good disciple made it into the primal region in his first qualification battles, good…”

Others were gritting their teeth and clenching their fists, like the primal region member Mo Luo who was now reduced to an absolute beginning member. He grit his teeth in hate, “This Luo Feng actually got stupid lucky, that Ke Luo Fu must be an idiot too, not showing up in the critical time. Did he really die?”

Some were shocked, like the undying stationed at demon note mountain Official Po Yu, she frowned, “This puck is actually alive? And he made it into the primal region? The 1,000 star sect and their idiots, they are all simply useless.”

Others worshipped him, like the same batch of geniuses in the last phase and sky and land regions, they all said excitedly, “Who says the newbies are weak? Luo Feng from our batch still made it into the primal region? What are you saying, that it’s only due to Ke Luo Fu’s forfeiting. Rubbish! Even if Ke Luo Fu defeated Luo Feng this time, he’ll quickly be exceeded by Luo Feng in the future!”

…

To acquire the primal region slot was simply an incredible cause for celebration. Rong Jun, Wuka and his other friends, his own brothers Hong, Thunder god and his family, parents, wife and children, younger brother etc, they all congratulated him. Even the people from the black dragon mountain empire and ganwu universe country had sent congratulations and presents to his family.

Celebration?

“It is a good thing, however I’m not excited by this.” Luo Feng sat in his study, his emotions mixed.

The most critical battle of the contest battles, Ke Luo Fu actually forfeited and didn’t show up, this was like a thorn that constantly reminded Luo Feng that this name slot wasn’t acquired properly. Of course, the chance to enter the primal region was incredibly valuable, since he had it now, he wouldn’t automatically give it up.

Luo Feng wasn’t that rigid.

“Luo Feng, don’t trouble yourself. For such miraculous encounters, people go through all means to find ways to get them. Be it gambling, or killing, like that Mo Luo backstabbing you. They do everything they can for victory. That Ke Luo Fu not showing up is his own failure to grab the opportunity, who can you blame?” Babata said, “Don’t think about it, those with poor resources and low opportunities would all use their lives to fight for such chances. Your teacher back then too fought through all this one step at a time, why are you still thinking about this.”

“I understand.”

Luo Feng nodded, “An encounter that enters my palm, I naturally won’t give it up. It’s only there’s this thorn in my mind…why didn’t Ke Luo Fu show up?”

“1, he died. 2, he was held up by something. 3, it may be due to some special reasons. There’s only these 3 circumstances, why are you thinking so much about it.” The fist size Babata on his shoulder said.

Luo Feng nodded.

However, within he still felt uneasy…why did Ke Luo Fu not show up at the critical moment?

Did he really die?

On the 2nd day after the battles ended, Luo Feng had to move out of the Absolute beginning region and move to Yu Xiang mountain’s primal region.

Within his villa in the absolute beginning region.

Luo Feng, Wuka, Rong Jun, Ai Chen and Qian Shui and the others had gathered, as a form of celebration and sending off of Luo Feng into the primal region. After the many friends left, Luo Feng sat alone in his living room, on that exquisite sofa, he looked about.

This place, he had lived here for very very long.

“I have to leave.” Luo Feng muttered.

“Di!”

“Luo Feng, there’s a letter from the virtual universe company.” Babata shouted on his shoulder.

“Ah?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, he swiftly tapped and opened a screen in mid air, swiftly opening the newest mail there.

The mail opened.

“Declaration

During this time’s universe level qualification battles for the primal region slot, the final battle was forfeited by Ke Luo Fu, during the entire proceedings of the competition, he was engaged in an Impossible level mission. The impossible level missions have a death rate of up to 90%, they are extremely dangerous. From the fact that he’s failed to log into the virtual universe since then, it’s very likely that he may have fallen in that impossible mission.

We once again strongly advise.

The training missions are very important to every universe level member, but you must pick those that you are capable of, exceeding one’s limit might cost your life.

There are many absolute geniuses who’ve fallen in the history of the impossible level missions, about half of the deaths for the universe level primal region members are all from the impossible missions.

Once again we emphasize the same words.

The company has prepared all the resources for everybody, the path however is chosen by yourself.”

“What!”

Luo Feng was shocked at the mail, “This Ke Luo Fu was actually in an impossible level mission during the entire qualification battles?”

Impossible level mission!

It was extremely dangerous, even now in the only one he’s been in, demon note mountain. The only reason why he could safely survive was due to his willpower that far exceeded the other geniuses, along with his Mosha clansman body, they had an interlinked dependency.

If it weren’t for the Mosha clansman, Luo Feng would have long lost his life.

And it was usually very hard to find a safe spot in the impossible level missions, like Luo Feng, he relied on the mosha body and got lucky, reaching the inheritance palace and core of demon mountain. Only then could he safely send a large part of his consciousness to enter the virtual universe network.

“If it weren’t for my trump cards, which are suitable for demon note mountain. I would most probably have died in the impossible level mission.” Luo Feng thought, “That Ke Luo Fu, even though he was taking part in the qualification battles, he probably had to maintain a high level of alertness with a large part of his consciousness outside, just like what the company had said, he could very likely have fallen.”

Whether he was dead or live, it was very hard to determine even by the virtual universe company in a short amount of time.

As the world in which the impossible level mission was on was usually very dangerous, for the virtual universe company to be able to confirm his situation was very hard to do in a short amount of time. Just like how Luo Feng disappeared for a few years, the company had no way to confirm.

…

Luo Feng was shocked by this declaration, many core members still unsatisfied by the result of the competition were all completely shocked after reading this too.


Chapter 597: Dylan

Wolfman Ke Luo Fu was participating in the qualification battles while in the impossible mission zone? The primal region, absolute beginning region and the elites of all 4 regions were all shocked that Ke Luo Fu actually was so daring, doing such a dangerous thing. The impossible level missions were considered forbidden areas to the universe level members of Yu Xiang mountain.

Impossible level, 90% die there, who would still dare send such a large portion of their consciousness into the virtual universe network?

“Your majesty!”

“Your majesty!”

The leader sector lord Ao Duo bowed from the courtyard, he was followed by a group of guards along with the rest of the staff as they all bowed, Luo Feng walked out of the living room, looking at the group of guards, he was somewhat sad, as he was about to move to the primal region, naturally he had to separate from this group that was under him, he immediately said, “Ao Duo, you and your group have been with me for close to 200 years. Even though we part now and you’ll no longer be my guards, we’ll still always be friends.”

“Your majesty.” Sector lord Ao Duo and the rest were moved by those words.

The position of a primal region member was extremely high. Much higher than Ao Duo and the others, yet Luo Feng still spoke those simple words, even if he only said it to appease them, it made their hearts warm anyway.

“You all seem like you don’t want me to leave, haha, you never know, I might get kicked out of the primal region some year.” Luo Feng laughed and joked, “When that happens, I’ll need you all to be my guards again.”

“How can you say that, since your majesty could make it into the primal region, you won’t get kicked out ever.” Ao Duo said.

“The competition will always be there, there is no absolute.” Luo Feng laughed and shook his head, “Alright, all of you, our adventure together ends here.”

After he finished, Luo Feng rushed into the sky.

Ao Duo and the over 100 guards along with many more staff members all watched as his silhouette disappeared into the endless skies, they all sighed. Their strength and position was low, they could only be guards and staff. Luo Feng however was a true absolute genius favored by the upper echelon members of the virtual universe company.

Some normal undyings, to these upper echelon members, do not even compare to these absolute geniuses.

After saying goodbye to Lady fox and leaving absolute beginning region, he arrived shortly after at primal region.

The main entrance of the primal region was much more majestic, using grey ancient stones to make the shocking entrance.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” A white bearded old man in a white robe waved at him, he gave off an aura that brightened up the entire area, making people feel warm and comfortable, he was like a sun, “Welcome to the primal region and congratulations on becoming a primal region member.”

“Thanks.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

“I am Ai Tuo, the manager of the primal region.” The white robed man’s white beard floated gracefully in the wind, “Please follow me.”

Luo Feng followed Ai Tuo and flew in mid air.

And the group of sector lords that were originally following behind Ai Tuo and bowing began a hushed discussion about the new member Luo Feng.

…

In mid air.

Luo Feng and Ai Tuo were flying, while flying, Luo Feng gazed down below and was shocked as he felt a powerful ripple of origin law rippling over from somewhere far away.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, “Ai Tuo saw what happened and smiled, “The greatest difference between the primal region and the absolute beginning region is that there are more undyings living here.

“Firstly, every primal region member would be given a guard team!” Ai Tuo said, “They will have an undying lead the team. And every primal region member can pick their own undying teacher that will stay long term with them in their villa. Hence, the number of undyings here is much higher than that of any other region.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but nod.

It was indeed so, with an undying in the guard team, and another as his teacher. Every member would at least have 2 undyings sticking close to them.

“The entire primal region has a total of 113 villas.” Ai Tuo pointed down below at the continuous never ending row of villas, “There are 100 Sector lord members, 10 domain lord members, 3 universe level members. Every member is our virtual universe company’s most valuable treasures.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

A sector lord’s life span reached up to 1,000 eras, in that 1,000 eras, out of the entire 1,008 universe countries, the virtual universe company only absorbs 113 members. This alone showed how high these 113 were in position! It far exceeded the normal undyings, of course…the difficulty for remaining within the primal region was definitely the highest for the sector lords.

The 2 tore through the skies.

They flew past the many 1,000s of li villas, finally after a while, Ai Tuo began to slow down.

“That villa 113, is your majesty’s villa.” Ai tuo pointed at the spacious villa.

“Hm.” Luo Feng looked down and gazed at it.

The villa’s walls were like a continuous mountain range, extending on forever, until the end of one’s vision. Just in terms of surface area, this villa was larger than any of earth’s country’s territories. Of course within the vast universe, using an entire planet as one’s home territory was a common thing.

Undyings had their god countries, and these were extremely vast.

Hence to the undyings, using an entire planet as a villa was considered simple living.

…

Sou! Sou!

Ai Tuo and Luo Feng landed at the entrance of the villa, and there, lined up in an orderly fashion were groups of his guards and staff, with one glance, they easily reached up to 10,000 people, at the front of them all stood a bald man dressed in a black exquisite looking robe, this man had a silver scale and some engravings on his forehead.

“Your majesty!” The bald man slightly bowed.

“Greetings your majesty!” Over a thousand of his soldiers behind him all knelt down on one knee and shouted respectfully, their energies united as one.

“Greetings your majesty!”

The ten thousand staff members all knelt down, incomparably humble and respectful. These staff were all specially picked and nurtured by the virtual universe company, they were used to service the virtual universe company’s true core members. To these staff, being able to work for a primal region member was of the utmost honor.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, this is the leader of your guards…Dylan!” Ai Tuo pointed at the bald man and said, “Dylan is an undying specializing in soul attack and defense, he is extremely strong. Amongst the many guard team generals, he is considered of the top class.”

Luo Feng was shocked within.

As he was close to his teacher True Yan emperor, he was very clear on the strength distribution.

According to position, general…Official…Emperor.

And under the virtual universe company, Official level undyings could easily kill a group of normal undyings, hence in truth, the most normal undying…compared to the official level undying had a great difference in between. This made the difference between a general level undying and a normal undying extremely huge too.

The stronger generals are even close to Official level.

“The highest, doesn’t that mean he’s close to an Official?” Luo Feng was shocked, “And he specializes in soul attack and defense. Such a powerful general, why would he become my guard leader?”

“Your majesty, my teacher is Bloodthirst emperor.” The bald man bowed slightly.

“3rd senior?” Luo Feng was shocked.

True Yan’s life span was incredibly long, at least Luo Feng still wasn’t clear on just how long he had lived. But it was definitely much longer than Mist emperor’s. And he was very cautious in accepting disciples, he had to be good in character and temper or he wouldn’t be accepted at all, however the path to undying was extremely tough, becoming an emperor was even harder.

Amongst True Yan’s disciples, only his 3rd disciple became an emperor.

“The grandmaster is very concerned about you, his disciple.” A voice resounded within Luo Feng’s mind, “He’s worried that when you reach domain lord level and you go out to explore. Hence he arranged for someone he trusted to become the leader of your guards! I sent out my request and the other generals aren’t as strong as I am, hence naturally I passed.”

Luo Feng looked at this bald man, a smile appearing on his face.

He was actually the senior in terms of hierarchy of this undying?

“With this relationship, Luo Feng opened up a lot easier to this bald man, however Luo Feng decided at the time too…when he got back, he would contact his teacher True Yan Emperor.

“Mr Dylan, I’ll be in your hands in from now on.” Luo Feng said.

“This is my job!” Dylan bowed.

“Haha, your majesty Luo Feng, Dylan is the leader of your guards, he is also the manager of your villa. I’ll let him tell you about the other matters, I’ll take my leave first. If you have any need of my help, please feel free to look for me.” Ai Tuo smiled.

“Thank you Mr Ai Tuo.” Luo Feng expressed his gratitude.

After which, the white haired old man became a beam of light and swiftly left.

“Your majesty, please follow me.” The bald Dylan led the way and brought Luo Feng on a tour of his villa to get used to it.

…

Within the training grounds of the villa.

Luo Feng stood there respectfully, a screen floated before him, there stood the golden armored apeman True Yan emperor.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

“You’ve met Dylan.” True Yan laughed loudly.

After hearing those words, Luo Feng knew immediately that Dylan was indeed sent by his teacher.

“In the future when you enter the domain lord level, you’ll be placed outside with great authority.” True Yan said on the screen, “The power will affect you in many ways that you cannot imagine, and while you’ll have glory on one hand, you’ll face dangers on another. Many of them you won’t be able to imagine now. Some of these dangers are even more dangerous than what you may find at the impossible level missions.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

“And because of my temper, it’s made me have many enemies outside.” True Yan said, “Of course those rubbish bugs do not dare come mess with me. But I’m worried they may come mess with you!”

“Enemies?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Once you are placed outside, you won’t be as safe as being here in the core of the virtual universe company.” True Yan Emperor said, “Of course they wouldn’t dare openly attack you, because the moment I discover them…they would be dead without a doubt!” True Yan’s natural strength and brutality didn’t make others feel like it was tyranny, rather, more of a natural thing altogether.

“Teacher, if you have enemies, why don’t you go kill them?” Luo Feng asked.

“Ah…”

True Yan seemed rather embarrassed about it, he said, “My student, your teacher’s way of doing things usually doesn’t beat aroundthe bush, I say whatever I want do and do whatever I want to. Back then I killed many and scolded many, in an instant, I made many enemies too. Just who I’ve offended and all, actually I’m not very sure myself, anyway there are many little matters that others might hold grudges to.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but be speechless.

“However no one dares to openly come attack me. Those that have are all dead.” True yan smiled as he said, “Let’s not talk about this, there’s one more very important thing…now that you are in the primal region, you have the right to pick an undying teacher to stick with you for a long time and teach you. This is a rare opportunity.”


Chapter 598: Undying Teacher

“This I know.” Luo Feng nodded, to have one that stayed and taught him, even if one had a teacher, that teacher would rarely follow him around all the time, this was definitely a rare opportunity, Luo Feng naturally knew of this.

“Everybody knows this.” True Yan couldn’t help but say on the screen, “However there is a trick to picking your teacher.”

“Trick?” Luo Feng asked curiously.

According to what he knew, wasn’t it simply sending out a request saying you’d prefer one proficient in gold and space laws, or spirit weapons etc as your teacher! And the teachers they gave to the primal region members were at least Official level undyings.

Even though emperor level undyings and universe country leader level undyings could be one’s teacher too, they had to be willing to do so, the virtual universe company had no way to force them.

And these huge figures, like True Yan emperor, had no way to always stay by Luo Feng’s side.

Hence, the teachers were normally Official level undyings.

“Of course there’s a trick.” True yan smiled on the screen, “I know you wish to find an undying teacher proficient in gold and space, and the fusion of these 2 laws.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“However there are many undyings like that! The virtual universe company will send one over and you’d just have to accept him.” True Yan emperor smiled, “How do you find the most suitable teacher for you, that’s where I’ll have to make a move.”

One could have many teachers.

However their positions might be different.

If one truly personally went to look for a teacher, the relationship would be much closer and real. Like True Yan emperor. And those teachers who purely taught the public classes that Luo Feng attended, those were much more distant than others. The teacher that the virtual universe company would arrange to stay in his villa and teach him, they would have a close relationship, but Luo Feng wouldn’t have to personally go request him.

“When you get back, send a request in the mail, add this one line!” On the screen True Yan smiled, “Say you highly respect the undying Bubulu, and you really wish for him to be your teacher.”

“Bubulu?” Luo Feng understood when he heard, he should be some very powerful person.

“If I write it, it’ll go through?” Luo Feng was suspicious.

Whether or not the undying comes or not was totally up to that undying himself.

“This I will settle!” True Yan laughed loudly on the screen.

“Thank you teacher.” Luo Feng felt gratitude within.

This was a true teacher.

In the universe, the relationship between a teacher and his student exceeded even that of blood ties, as the longer one lived, like for trillions of years. Even if their families could live up to 1,000 eras, they would still eventually die one day. When one’s family dies, those later generations that came many years later, one either has never even seen them or they died much earlier.

How could that relationship compare to that of a student and teacher?

Student and teacher, the teacher instructs the disciple, when the student gets stronger, he may even someday become a right arm to the teacher!

Just like how True Yan seriously instructs his students step by step, it was almost like pampering his disciples altogether.

…

That day, Luo Feng immediately sent out the request, following what his teacher had instructed, he first keyed in his request and then added the line of respecting the undying Bubulu. In truth…he had never heard of this Bubulu before his teacher mentioned him.

“Bubulu?”

“According to what his teacher said, even though this Bubulu was an Official level undying, in truth his battle abilities could almost reach Emperor level already.” Luo Feng thought, an undying that was almost Emperor level, he was considered a huge figure in the universe already. Back then the undying that killed his teacher Hu Yan Bo was also a being close to emperor level.

Such a being, staying in his villa and teaching him?

…

The 3rd day, Luo Feng received a mail, in it the contents said the undying Bubulu was willing to be his teacher.

…

About 10 days later, Bubulu finally arrived at Luo Feng’s villa.

At the entrance of his villa.

Luo Feng walked side by side with the bald man Dylan, quietly waiting for Bubulu to arrive.

“He’s come.” Dylan said softly.

“Ah?” Luo Feng looked carefully, in the distance a gold light instantly tore through the skies, after which he landed right before Luo Feng, revealing his silhouette, this was a 1.6m tall messy haired dwarf on his body one could smell alcohol, his gaze was reserved, occasionally revealing a flash of madness.

Luo Feng pondered within.

Bubulu?

This dwarf that wasn’t even 1.6m?

Even though he thought so within, he still maintained absolute respect, a teacher and the leader of his guard were completely different. Even though an Official level undying was high in position, Luo Feng’s primal region position allowed him to talk on even terms with Dylan, without any sense of pressuring him.

“You are Luo Feng?” The dwarf glanced at Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng greets teacher Bubulu.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

“Hm, respectful.” The dwarf looked at Dylan beside, Dylan too bowed respectfully, “Greetings Lord Bubulu.”

Dylan was indeed very strong and very close to an Official, or could be said to almost be an Official.

Bubulu however was almost an emperor. Their strength difference was like sky and land.

“True Yan really knows how to spoil his disciples.” The dwarf took a few big steps and entered the villa, Luo Feng and Dylan followed behind.

“I don’t know much about teaching disciples.” The dwarf took a few strides and said loudly as he walked, however much his voice boomed, it only reached Luo Feng and Dylan, the distant large group of sector lords, domain lords and universe level guards couldn’t hear a single sound.

“I’m most proficient in using claws!” The dwarf spoke loudly, “Hence I’ll use my claw methods and help you comprehend the space and gold origin laws. It’ll also help you learn how to fuse them.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng listened intently.

Claws?

The golden horned beast’s most proficient trump card was the Tearing sky claw, according to its inheritance memories, this move, combined with the ancient pictures he studied, and with the Beast god statue that held within the ancient energies from before, claw techniques could be said to be Luo Feng’s most powerful and proficient attacks. Even more so than his spirit weapons and blade moves.

Of course, using his human body to unleash the claw techniques was much weaker. However the foundation itself, he was still proficient in claw techniques.

“Ah?” The dwarf glanced at Luo Feng, finally revealing a smile, “Hm, not bad, quite obedient, I like obedient and smart students. Go, let’s go to your training grounds, I’ll first get a grasp of your skills, and see how’s your comprehension of the laws, whether you’ve made a wrong turn in comprehension. Of course you are a student of True Yan emperor, even if you’ve taken a wrong turn, it probably wouldn’t be too bad.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng immediately walked towards the training grounds.

…

Within the training grounds.

The dwarf Bubulu and Luo Feng stood within.

“Simulate a space location.” Bubulu ordered, Luo Feng immediately complied and the entire scenery in the training grounds warped, changing into a vast and endless space. Of course the space within the training grounds was only that big, hence this universe space, Luo Feng could only move within several hundred km in area.

The dwarf Bubulu and Luo Feng stood in the space.

“Go!”

The dwarf Bubulu ordered, “Go unleash all your origin law comprehension, whether its spirit weapon or close combat, it doesn’t matter. Your little bit of comprehension…no matter how you unleash it, I‘ll be able to see everything clearly.”

“Yes teacher.” Luo Feng immediately became a blur and unleashed his claw techniques in space!

Hu! Hu! Hu!

His fingers bent, almost like a beast claw, his entire being like a demon, almost like a wild beast displaying its claws, that claws tore through the universe space, so sharp and piercing it produced a glaring golden huge claw, the gold claws howling through the space. “This…”The dwarf Bubulu was initially very casual, however as he looked on, his face revealed a look of shock.

After a while, Luo Feng became a gold light and landed beside Bubulu.

“Awaiting your guidance teacher.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“You know claw techniques too?” the dwarf Bubulu looked at Luo Feng, his eyes already filled with more joy than before, to such powerful warriors, to be able to find a suitable disciple was extremely hard. From the information Bubulu had gathered on Luo Feng earlier, he knew Luo Feng was a spirit reader, hence he wasn’t too excited.

However, True Yan Emperor asked himself…

Even though Bubulu was proud, before this emperor level undying, the pinnacle of beings, an ancient being incredibly close to becoming a universe country leader. He didn’t dare be proud at all. What’s more, he was requested by True Yan emperor himself this time, hence after some discussion, he immediately accepted.

Even if Luo Feng was a spirit reader, he would teach him too!

However after he discovered Luo Feng was proficient in claw techniques, the dwarf Bubulu was truly excited from within.

“In terms of close combat, I’ve spent some time.” Luo Feng said.

“No wonder True Yan emperor favors you, it hasn’t even been 200 years and your improvement is that shocking. And you’ve even trained in close combat?” The dwarf Bubulu laughed, “Your claw techniques are not bad.”

“Much weaker than Ke Luo Fu’s.” Luo Feng said.

“Not the same!”

Bubulu shook his head, “I’ve collected information and seen some of your footage. I know about that Ke Luo Fu too…his claw techniques are very powerful. But it’s headed towards a dead end!”

“Hm?” Luo Feng was curious.

“Your claw techniques however are powerful and limitless.” The dwarf Bubulu looked satisfied at Luo Feng, “I don’t see anything I need to even fix. Since you know claw techniques, then it’ll be much easier to teach. From now on, I’ll begin to teach you a claw technique “3,000 space”, it’s a technique I created myself, through studying this technique, it’ll help you comprehend the gold and space laws.”

“Yes!” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“Hm!” The dwarf Bubulu nodded satisfied.

It was initially only because of True Yan emperor that Bubulu thought he just needed to be somewhat serious about the job. However after seeing a genius so perfect in his claw techniques, he was moved too. He was prepared to immediately pass down his self created “3,000 space” technique.

Bubulu didn’t seem to know…

Luo Feng’s claw techniques were from the beast god statue, of course it was a true path!

…

From that day, Luo Feng sent out 50% of his consciousness to study and train with Bubulu. From learning with him, the golden horned beast within his internal world would then study it and train too. This made Bubulu discover that…Luo Feng’s comprehension speed was simply too shocking.

The other 50% of his consciousness, he used to continue receiving the demon note inheritance.


Chapter 599: End of the Inheritance

Demon note mountain, all of the 32 inheritance palaces had people in them receiving the inheritance, the main thing was that back then, Luo Feng had snatched away Mist Emperor’s slot, this had shocked many other undyings supposed to receive their slots, they all strongly requested from the Great Union to enter the palace earlier.

32 inheritance palaces, a total of 31 undyings and 1 universe level 9 youth.

…

Within the palace.

The many levels of stairs extended continuously upwards, deep into space above, there lay the shrine.

On level 2,316.

Luo Feng sat there like a statue on the black stone stairs, half of his consciousness was in the golden horned beast, combining his teacher Bubulu’s “3,000 space” technique while studying the beast god statue’s wonders, whenever he had any problems he didn’t comprehend, he could ask his teacher Bubulu.

“Level 2,316 complete!” The statue Luo Feng suddenly opened his eyes, filled with glee.

“Even though the qualification battles were going on before, that didn’t really affect my acceptance of the inheritance.” Luo Feng was joyful within, suddenly the silhouette of Ke Luo Fu appeared in his mind, just like himself, Ke Luo Fu was doing an impossible level mission while he took part in the qualification battles.

However, Ke Luo Fu wasn’t as lucky as himself.

“2 years!”

“It’s been about 2 years since the qualification battles passed, there still hasn’t been any news of Ke Luo Fu.” Luo Feng frowned, “There’s no way to determine if he’s actually alive or dead!”

“Whether he was alive or dead was hard to determine.

Especially in the impossible level mission’s special locations, if Luo Feng were to be killed within demon note mountain, even having his body destroyed and hidden, and robbed after. If that ever happened, how would the virtual universe company every determine if he was alive or dead? The more special the location, the harder it was to determine the status of a person.

“It’s been about 2 years, Ke Luo Fu hasn’t entered the virtual universe network since then, he only lost that battle back then because he didn’t show himself. If he’s still alive, he should enter the virtual universe network. At least explaining to his friends. Don’t tell me…he’s really dead?” Luo Feng frowned, suddenly thinking about it made his heart skip a beat.

“Risky!”

“Consecutively taking on missions has given me lots of benefits, it’s also made me proud with greater ambition. Luckily I just realized.”

A sense of fear flashed in his eyes.

From the blood river world mission, he had gotten a huge benefit. After which, the other dangerous level missions he did, Luo Feng only completed the basic requests, he didn’t search the worlds’ for their hidden secrets. And since he acquired the demon note inheritance from the impossible mission, he excitedly deduced back then…

That the special mission worlds should all have some secrets!

Those secrets could very well be miraculous encounters!

Once he understood that theory, Luo Feng was somewhat regretting that he didn’t properly search those dangerous level mission worlds. However at this time…while he thought of Ke Luo Fu’s incident, it made him awake with a shock.

“I, I’ve been too blinded!”

“Every mission’s request is already extremely dangerous. Like acquiring 3 blood crystals in blood river world, absorbing them and becoming a blood warrior. To a universe level 9 genius, that is something extremely dangerous and difficult, afterall the moment one is careless, they would meet a domain lord aboriginal and get attacked, and they cannot use any technological weapons etc.” Luo Feng thought, “If I go search through the Ancient god ruin’s secrets, search for the beast god statues’ secrets…one would definitely be killed without a doubt!”

“And demon note mountain, surviving here for 3 years is already an impossible level mission, within these 3 years, even if one could hide from the demon notes, they might unexpectedly meet a sector lord aboriginal, or a sector lord level beast, surviving here for 3 years is indeed an impossible level mission.”

“And to actually acquire the demon note inheritance, that is a suicide mission.” Luo Feng’s forehead was filled with beads of cold sweat.

The place in which the demon note inheritance palace was in, even sector lords would die without a doubt!

Even undyings, they too had to be stronger than the average undyings to be able to dodge all the terrifying huge beasts blocking the path.

“If it weren’t for my Mosha body, I’d definitely be killed!” Luo Feng’s forehead was perspiring profusely, “My luck this time was good, next time however, it may not be so…the other impossible level missions would probably have some huge secrets too. And to actually search for them and acquire the benefits. The danger would probably be no less than demon note mountain’s!”

“Demon note mountain has the wild beasts! And their intellect is extremely low…”

“However the other impossible level missions’ secrets, the danger that accompanies them may not be just beasts. If it were some undying guard with intellect, they would immediately kill me then.” Luo Feng felt a wave of fear, the secrets hidden within these training mission worlds were like drugs!

After tasting them once, it would make them addicted, however the moment one slips up it would cost them their lives.

“I have the mosha clansman and the golden horned beast body. My survival ability is indeed stronger than the other geniuses. The usual requests of the impossible level missions, as long as i’m cautious, I’ll be able to complete them. However if I get over ambitious, and blindly search for the huge hidden secrets, I might very well lose my little life.” Luo Feng thought.

“Right!”

“According to what teacher said, that Ke Luo Fu’s strength only exploded within the past couple of hundred of years.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, “Don’t tell me…that he discovered some huge secret encounter during one of his missions?”

According to Luo Feng’s guess, every mission may have some hidden secret.

However he didn’t think that he’d be the only one to discover them.

“It could very likely be that way.”

“Because of the encounter he had a couple of hundred of years ago, he knew the flavor of such an encounter, hence during this time’s impossible level mission, he probably consciously observed and searched for the secret. However because of that it may have invited danger…finally losing his life.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

It was likely that it happened this way, he too had guessed that every mission had some secret behind it, hence his ambition grew.

Others may have been that way too!

“These sort of super encounters, the risks that accompany them too are just as super!”

“I was able to dodge the dangers this time because of my Mosha body, what about next time?” Luo Feng immediately grew more cautious.

Sou!

With a stride, he became a blur and landed on the 2,317th level of stairs, immediately, incredibly mysterious techniques began to pour into his memories, he once again began to accept more of the inheritance, causing his soul to change through the training.

The training of these techniques, was a lot like the Soul Imprint his teacher Hu Yan Bo had created back then, it too caused one’s soul to change and evolve, to finally be able to use the technique. This Supreme Demon Note Inheritance had gradually changed the foundation of his spirit energy.

Luo Feng’s soul was a domain lord level 9 soul, it took the form of a condensed crystal ball.

And at this time, that crystal ball had gold markings throughout, countless gold markings filled the soul crystal ball, they were mystical. As he continued to train the techniques, it caused the soul’s gold markings to gradually increase, as they grew more and more…it made his spirit energy amplitude get stronger as well!

…

However, there was an end to this demon note inheritance.

On the 3,211th level.

“Hu!” Hu!” Hu!”

Luo Feng knelt down on the stone stairs, his skin soaked from perspiration, his face pale, his eyes bloodshot, he couldn’t help but hold onto his head, his soul incredibly fatigued…it made Luo Feng feel like he would fall asleep the moment he gave in. The piercing pain of the soul made him want to crumble.

“Persevere!”

“Persevere until this step of the inheritance, I have to accept all of it.” Luo Feng roared within, almost like hypnotism as he constantly told himself within, convincing himself.

He knelt down on the stairs on the verge of collapse.

In theory, the time spent on each step wasn’t long, however Luo Feng already felt like every second was even longer than a year, his soul was incredibly fatigued…it made him go into a semi conscious state, to the point where he had no way to even think anymore. His thinking ability was now probably not even comparable to a normal child of earth.

Thinking speed, incredibly slow, it could stop at any time.

The fatigue of the soul decreased his control of his body to its limit, he knelt on the floor, about to fall anytime.

Finally…

The transfer of the 3,211th level finally reached an end.

“I’ve finally succeeded!” Luo Feng relaxed within, after which the fatigue immediately buried his consciousness, and he fell into a state of trance.

Rumble!

He fell on the stairs, not moving as he completely lost consciousness.

…

After sometime, he finally opened his eyes.

“Hm?” He fiercely jumped up, surveying his surroundings, he was actually in the plaza of the inheritance palace, and the entrance door of the palace was shut.

“Luo Feng, about 5 hours after you fell asleep, you were sent to this plaza by a formless energy. And the doors of the inheritance palace automatically closed. Meaning…the inheritance has ended.” Babata’s voice resounded within his consciousness, Luo Feng regained his calmness after.

“It’s ended?”

Luo Feng laughed and looked about.

There wasn’t a single thing in the plaza, the white light still engulfed the outside of the plaza. This white light prevented any beast from flying in.

“How long have I been asleep?” Luo Feng asked.

“31 days.” Babata said.

“It’s been long enough.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

He had been accepting the demon note inheritance for close to 12 years, within these 12 years his soul had been in constant training and evolution , it had never gotten the chance to rest! Hence the fatigue kept growing and collecting…

“I’ve been extremely lucky this time, I originally thought I’d reach my limit at the 1,200th level.” Luo Feng laughed and exclaimed, “I didn’t expect to get the gold soul fruit with the mosha clansman, changing a special property within my soul and allowing it to accept more of the inheritance, this allowed me to reach the 3,211th level.”

The first part of the demon note inheritance had a total of 3,333 levels, in the trillions of years it has been there, over 100,000 life forms have accepted the inheritance, almost all of them had been undyings.

However many undyings usually only reach the 1st part’s later stages before ending.

Luo Feng, relying on the gold soul fruit actually got a result comparable to an undying.

“Inheritance end!” Luo Feng stood in the plaza, there was only him there.

“During these 12 years, 5 years ago I tried letting the golden horned beast absorb the 98th blood river crystal and it was a success. Now I feel like im much stronger than 5years ago. Maybe the 99th crystal will succeed too.” Luo Feng was filled with excitement, whatever he wished to do, he just did, immediately attempting to let the golden horned beast absorb the 99th crystal within the internal world.


Chapter 600: Leaving

Back then on blood river world, the mosha clansman relied on the automaton ship to decimate the blood river world, wantonly raking in close to 10,000 blood river crystals.

Even though the golden horned beast’s body was much bigger than the wild beast Qi Niu, it barely managed to absorb up to 97 blood river crystals, the killing intent from any crystal absorbed after was simply too terrifying, Luo Feng’s willpower had no way to withstand it. Hence, back then he had to stop temporarily and quietly wait till a breakthrough occurred in the future.

“Demon note inheritance, during its training it constantly tested my withstanding ability, it’s been a huge training factor for my willpower.”

“And this inheritance is used to change one’s soul, it’s already increased my soul’s control by over 10 times.” Luo Feng thought, “Plus these 12 years, my mental state training has never stopped.”

Mental state training was completely different from training other things.

Like origin law comprehension and studying techniques, those require a large amount of focus and energy etc.

Mental state however, didn’t require so much, it was more of placing oneself in the right state of mind.

For example during battle, one had to collect oneself, otherwise losing control of one’s emotions during the battle would result in only 70-80% of strength.

And like Thunder god and Hong, their mental state training has reached an extremely high level, no matter how complex a situation, it wouldn’t affect their state at all. Their battle abilities would in fact still shine through it! Others may exceed their usual abilities through special circumstances, and people like Hong however were able to unleash 200% of his power at any time!

This was was with the right mental state, allowing one to release his strength at an extreme level.

Of course…

In terms of mental state training, Hong had already reached a super level of sainthood in china’s history! Even Thunder god, his mental state was only slightly weaker than Hong’s. And Luo Feng…was weaker than Thunder god by a little.

Luckily, Luo Feng had Hong and Thunder god, the 2 great figures to teach and guide him, hence his mental state had always been improving.

Mental state training didn’t have much relation to the amount of time spent.

And some warriors training, wanting to reach undying had to train for at least a few tens of thousands of years, some requiring millions!

However in terms of mental state training, just a short 10 years was enough to reach an extremely high level. After all, the ancient people of china didn’t have life spans over 100.

12 years!

Over these 12 years, Luo Feng had improved quite a lot. It was a pity in the 3 great mental states, he was still only at the pinnacle of the 1st level, of course in terms of willpower alone he was already incredibly strong.

…

Luo Feng stood in the quiet plaza.

Within his internal world.

The enormous mountain range like golden horned beast, its huge golden eyes bigger than 2 ponds stared at the right scaled claw, the blood river crystal lay within.

“Number 99!”

The right claw clenched and a sharp claw slashed through the palm, immediately the scales tore apart and that little tiny blood river crystal was controlled by the beast’s spirit energy into the wound, from the touch, a formless energy immediately poured into the golden horned beast’s body.

“Howl…”

It raised its head and let out a pained howl.

This was a clash of killing intent and willpower!

An endless amount of killing intent engulfed it, almost like countless war vehicles howling and forcing its way through, Luo Feng’s willpower was condensed and sharp like a blade, defending against the many attacks. This pure clash of willpower, even if one had lots of strength and power, it wouldn’t help this situation at all.

“I definitely must win!”

“I definitely can win, this killing intent cannot defeat me, it cannot get through!” Luo Feng’s willpower roared.

Time and again, persevering…

Suddenly, the originally incredibly fierce killing intent backed away like a river, swiftly retracting,. Simultaneously the blood river crystal lying in the golden horned beast’s right claw began to flow with blood river energy, the energy continuously entered the right claw, once again changing the beast’s terrifying right claw.

The pain, once again attacked!

One could only imagine the amount of pain the 99th crystal brought with it, it caused the golden horned beast to madly clash against the land, tearing through the mountain ranges, however painful…it could only bear with it.

Finally, the pain subsided.

The 99th crystal had completely fused with its right claw.

Howl…The golden horned beast raised its head and howled happily, its howl reverberating throughout the endless internal world.

It slightly raised its right claw, triggering the powerful blood river crystal within it and immediately the claw began to undergo a change, its bones, scales and muscles etc, up to the finest of its cells began to evolve from within, it immediately formed the dark gold claw and on it were many little complex blood red engravings.

The engravings covered the entire right claw, they joined to form a picture, one of a beast howling.

“What a peculiar picture!”

Before, when he successfully absorbed the 98th crystal, the right claw’s blood red engraving picture that appeared didn’t at all look like this beast howling, however when the 99th went through, it added up to a hundred other engravings that combined and made the originally scattered engravings much more complete than before.

The engravings formed a complete beast, a lot like the beast of the beast god statue.

The only difference was…

It doesn’t have the single horn like the beast god statue! And because it’s missing the horn…it looks like this blood red engraving picture is yet to be complete.

“I think when I successfully absorb the 100th, it’ll be complete.”

“Hm, I’ll try and see if I can successfully absorb the 100th blood river crystal.” The golden horned beast once again retrieved another crystal, trying once again to absorb it…

Within the plaza.

Luo Feng stood in the plaza, the stone ground beside was covered in fresh blood, it was blood that the earth body spit out in pain while absorbing the 99th blood river crystal earlier.

“Hu!”

“Absorbing the 100th crystal was a failure.” Luo Feng rubbed the sweat off his forehead, “The final absorption of the 100th crystal was indeed very difficult, I think it’ll take a few more years after my willpower rises more before it’ll succeed.”

Absorbing the 99th crystal was a success, the 100th was a failure, Luo Feng however was still very excited.

Because according to the red engraving showing on its right claw, it was that of a beast howling, and that beast was almost completely similar to the beast god statue, only it was missing a horn.

“Blood river crystal,” it’s indeed linked to the legendary beast god of blood river world.” Luo Feng thought, “Whether it’s a blood warrior, black warrior, or the blood river energy the golden horned beast triggers, they are all linked to the beast god.”

“Hm.”

“And I think, after I successfully absorb the 100th crystal, the horn will appear. And after the entire picture is complete…there may be a huge surprise.” Luo Feng was elated, he looked around the plaza, there weren’t any other life forms but him there, below however in the deep abyss world there were trillions of beasts.

Countless beasts, even undying level huge beasts, there were many of them.

“Time to go back!”

Luo Feng’s body warped.

Sou!

He switched with the mosha body and it instantly became an ice bear. A simple cute ice bear that looked about and rushed fiercely forward.

Hu!

The ice bear immediately passed through the white light barrier, it glanced down at the endless abyss world below with countless beasts, with a plop, it landed in the ice below, standing back up stupidly. The surrounding other stupid beasts all didn’t even seem to notice this ice bear.

“Hm?” The ice bear looked up at the 32 floating palaces above, “Ah, all 32 of them have the white barrier?”

Following which, the light that protected Luo Feng’s palace slowly began to dissipate.

“Looks like the other 31 palaces all have life forms accepting the inheritance.” The ice bear glanced, “Anyway, I’ve already accepted what I could, and I cannot get anymore. Hm, time to grasp the time and leave!”

The ice bear looked about.

In the vast cold deep abyss world, no matter which direction he looked, it seemed endless, it was littered with endless beasts, and the number of beasts was simply unbelievable.”

“How…how do I get out?” Ice bear Luo Feng was stunned.

“How did I enter and how do I go?”

Back then it was due to Mo Luo’s kick that he entered the hole and fell into the deep abyss world. However, flying out of the hole to leave?

“The deep hole region has many huge undying level beasts. Everyone of them simultaneously watches over many holes, just the undying beasts alone, their swallowing energy is terrifying. I’d best not mess with them.” Luo Feng recalled.

The entire region below the holes were all undying beasts.

And while Luo Feng was in ice bear form, he didn’t see any other beast fly into the holes.

“Even the other beasts don’t fly into the holes. Whatever they are not doing, I cannot do.” Luo Feng thought.

…

Then, the ice bear immediately began to explore the deep abyss world, however after 3 days, it still hadn’t found a way to leave the area, it was getting anxious.

“I’ll just follow one direction and keep walking!”

“I don’t believe I won’t reach an end!”

The ice bear began to proceed in one single direction, occasionally running and flying millions of km, occasionally stumbling and walking about, just like that, it walked further and further, gradually, the beasts it could see also got lesser.

“When will I actually walk out of this place.”

Ice bear Luo Feng muttered, it continued to proceed in one direction, the beasts within its view got so little that he would only occasionally spot one.

“Howl!”

Terrifying demon note instantly swept past the area, ice bear Luo Feng only slightly shook.

Even though it was a transformation of the mosha clansman, the core within the ice bear was still afterall Luo feng, and the core was hidden within the soul, naturally it would be affected by the demon note.

“This demon note, should be able to affect a lower level sector lord warrior.”

“Demon note?”

The ice bear suddenly stopped, it’s eyes staring wide, filled with human emotions, “There’s finally demon notes!!!”

After walking about in the deep abyss world for so long, it hadn’t discovered a single demon note.

“Damn!”

“I’ve finally encountered a demon note.”

Ice bear Luo Feng was incredibly excited, so excited he felt like crying.

“Discovering a demon note here, looks like I’m just about almost out of the deep abyss world.” The ice bear was so excited it immediately became a blur as it flew, with 1 breath it flew several hundreds of thousands of km, finally seeing the vast stone ice walls, there stood many caves.

“The familiar caves, the caves that I adore so.”

The ice bear waved its huge paws excitedly and immediately flew through one of the caves.


Chapter 601: Forcing One’s Way into The Gates of Hell

Within the deep ice cold cave, the ice bear walked alone, feeling gleeful.

“No matter what, I’ve finally left the deep abyss world area.” To the ice bear Luo Feng, the rest of demon note mountain, except for the deep abyss world, had no threat to Luo Feng, he proceeded forward and maintained a quick pace, after awhile he already reached the end of a cave.

There the caves all intersected, a total of 395 cave pathways.

“Ah…”

The ice bear looked about stupidly.

“Big trouble!”

“I’m in trouble now.” Ice bear Luo Feng suddenly realized a problem, “The only memory I have is of the path I took to get here! And now I have now way to follow that way back…”

In demon note mountain, a cave connected to hundreds of others, any single one would connect to many others.

The path was incredibly complex, it could be said to be a super maze.

Even the normal warriors that came to explore demon note mountain would usually memorize their old paths back, if they didn’t, and explored randomly…it would take many years before they actually managed to find their way out of the maze.

“What do I do?”

“I’ve never been in this area before! The other 394 caves ahead, which should I choose?” The ice bear stared at the huge caves ahead, some bent about, some straight, some bent to the sides, he didn’t know what to do at the moment.

Paths he had never explored.

And he couldn’t backtrack.

Luo Feng swiftly pondered within, “There’s no other way, just one…I have to find other humans!”

The other humans should know the way out! After all under normal circumstances, those able to get over here are able to get back! People that have such bad experiences like Luo Feng which forced them to end up in different places are extremely rare.

…

Ice Bear Luo Feng randomly picked a cave and entered, half a day later.

“So unlucky, I actually met a beast blocking the way. Luckily, it’s only a stupid universe level beast.” An incredibly skinny yellow robed man with 2 white horns on his forehead gazed at the ice bear before him, after which he casually brandished 2 large hammers from his back.

2 red hammers!

“Stupid beast, die before me!” The skinny man instantly became a demonic blur and rushed at the ice bear.

Hu!

The ice bear waved its ice huge paw, fast as lightning.

“How can that be? A universe level beast, how can it move that fast?” The skinny man stared wide eye in shock, that huge bear paw was so fast he couldn’t dodge it, it smacked right into him, smashing him into a mess and knocking him hard into the side walls.

The tattered body fell on the floor.

The ice bear looked at the body on the ground, after which it walked up to it and began to search for items.

“There’s actually no AI or quantum computer, so unlucky.”

The ice bear instantly became a blur, transforming back into Luo Feng’s earth body.

Luo Feng looked at the body, frowning, “I need to find a map out of demon note mountain, and maps…are normally stored in the warriors’ memories. Also, they would normally carry a quantum computer to record the paths. However this punk doesn’t seem to have one.”

“Right, the 9 star ocean place, even though some upper echelons have quantum computers. But this place is afterall an aboriginal place, those that have quantum computers are few!”

Luo Feng was troubled.

Those aboriginals indeed had the pathways memorized in their memories, however searching through memories was indeed troublesome.

Normally hypnotism through the soul was easy, the easiest was to forcefully wipe a portion of their memories, the hardest was to dissect and search through…even a master of soul techniques could easily wipe a person’s memory. However to actually search through the mysteries and recover specific information was still extremely hard.

And these aboriginals were all at least universe level.

Universe level warriors, their soul strength was already very strong.

Luo Feng was able to easily hypnotize them, but to wipe their memories alone was almost impossible already, to search through was a definite impossible thing to do! Probably only undyings could directly search through a universe level warrior’s memories.

“Hypnotizing the opponent, making him tell me the way?” Luo Feng shook his head, “This demon note mountain is a super maze, the paths are incredibly complex, just the number of pathways alone are countless.”

“Capturing a universe level punk and making him lead the way?” Luo Feng shook his head, “Still no! My movement speed is very fast, I don’t have to care about the demon notes…these universe level aboriginals however have to be incredibly careful about them, because the moment they meet a stronger one they would become zombies.”

No matter how he thought, Luo Feng still felt searching for a quantum computer or AI was still better.

No matter, those able to come to demon note mountain were all strong warriors of 9 star bay. A small portion of them should have quantum computers.

…

Luo Feng disguised himself as an aboriginal and proceeded.

Those within demon note mountain were indeed mad, as long as Luo Feng encountered anyone in the caves, those that thought themselves stronger than Luo Feng would immediately make a move and try to kill him.

…

Luo Feng spent 4 days, killed 9 aboriginals, after killing the 9th, he finally acquired that aboriginals arm quantum computer.

“Babata! Hack in and find the way out.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Understood!”

Babata swiftly hacked into the average quantum computer.

“I’ve already found the path.” Babata said excitedly, “We’ll be able to leave soon.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng revealed an expression of glee.

Finally!

He was finally able to leave demon note mountain, and it really wasn’t easy.

Rumble…a strong formless energy swept past that region, Luo Feng himself didn’t realize anything, Babata however immediately shouted out, “Luo Feng, becareful, it’s a world energy scan. There should be a sector lord warrior nearby!”

“Sector lord?” Luo Feng frowned.

Against sector lord warriors, Luo Feng wasn’t too afraid.

“19.3 km! 10km, he’s here!” Babata shouted.

Luo Feng however only frowned as he looked in the distant spacious ice cave, a silhouette swiftly appeared, it was a silver skinned man with no hair at all, 2 curved horns on his forehead. He gazed at Luo Feng, like a lion hunting its prey, he gave off a powerful evil energy.

“You, a universe level 9 punk, you are actually able to kill a domain lord level 3 fighter!: The silver skinned sector lord said coldly, “Looks like you have some treasures on you.”

Luo Feng continued to look coldly at him, suddenly he turned and fled.

Sou!

Luo Feng fled incredibly quickly.

“You wish to run?” The silver skinned sector lord swiftly chased.

“Babata, how strong is this punk.” Luo Feng swiftly swapped to the mosha clansman while fleeing. The mosha clansman took on the form Luo Feng had of an aboriginal immediately.

“Sector lord level 5!” Babata said.

“Ah, only level 5?” Mosha Luo Feng’s face revealed a smile.

“Little punk, you can’t get away!” That cold voice resounded in Luo Feng’s ears as the silhouette almost instantly reached before Luo Feng, mosha Luo Feng however flashed in a peculiar movement, he actually turned and fled in the direction he came from, simultaneously a seemingly simply built laser gun appeared in his hands.

e9 laser gun!

This laser gun had the style of the automaton race…simplicity!

“That’s the weapon you used to kill a domain lord level 3? Looks like a laser gun, haha, that’s a rare valuable.” The silver skinned sector lord’s voice resounded in the caves, he however continued to rush Luo Feng, his speed was shocking.

Sou!

Mosha Luo Feng fiercely turned and flashed, easily dodging the attack.

“What!” The silver skinned sector lord’s expression changed greatly.

Mosha Luo Feng’s sudden turn and flash, the instantaneous speed it displayed…it was simply unbelievable! It actually left the sector lord level 5 behind in speed.

“Di!”

The e9 laser warning light turned from red to green.

0.1 seconds had passed!

The storage was complete!

“Chi!” Luo Feng gently pressed the button, he coldly looked at the raging sector lord, his lips gently mouthing the words, not making a sound as he said, “Go and die!”

The extremely glaring white pillar of light instantly pierced right through the sector lord and later into the frozen stone walls of the cave, the ice layer melted and steam filled the air. The black stone instantly split apart and the extreme low temperature in the cave suddenly shot up to extremely high temperatures.

The huge change in temperature made even more steam rise up within.

Very quickly, everything began to freeze back up.

Ka cha! Ka Cha!

Luo Feng stepped on the broken ice and walked to where the almost completely disintegrated body was, at that time, only the remains of the armor were left.

“There’s no entrance to hell but you forced your way in to die, who can you blame?” Luo Feng knelt down and swiftly found the sector lord’s space ring, he used his spirit energy to pierce right in and with a scan, he revealed a smile.

“Haha!”

“Not only did you come here to die, you even come with gifts! A sector lord is indeed a sector lord, so many black tags.” Luo Feng was incredibly gleeful, he kep the large amount of black tags in his space ring, “With this new batch, the number of black tags I’ve collected have reached over 9,800. I just need a little more to hit 10,000.”

Before he started the demon note inheritance, Luo feng had already collected close to 8,000 black tags.

Plus the new batch, it was really close to 10,000. He just needed a little over 100!

“100 plus black tags should be easy to collect. I just have to meet a domain lord level 8 or 9, and I’ll probably have enough.” Luo Feng was extremely gleeful, he began to follow the path out.

On the way out, he met 10 others.

With the universe level 9 strength his earth body exuded, it indeed had attracted many domain lord level aboriginals to attack him, naturally they were all easily killed by Luo Feng, this made his total count of black tags naturally rise up to 10k.

“Haha, I’m finally out, I’ve finally left the demon note mountain super maze!” Luo Feng smiled as he immediately flew out of demon note mountain’s most outermost cave exit.


Chapter 602: Huge Reward

It was perpetually the same ice stone, as Luo Feng flew out of the outermost cave, with a glance he saw the endless space, within he felt comfortable and free.

“I’m finally out!”

“My trip here in demon note mountain has come to an end.”

Luo Feng turned to look at the huge endless demon mountain, he exclaimed within, his reward from his trip to this mountain had indeed been shocking. The demon note inheritance had made his spirit energy amplitude rise up to over 3,200, many spirit readers, under normal circumstances, only reach up to a 100.

Making progress in Deities of the world only at most increased one’s strength up to 27 times.

“This inheritance was a priceless treasure!”

“It’s a pity I was too weak, my soul could only take so much of it. If I were at the sector lord pinnacle level, and I used the gold soul fruit, I probably could have made it into the 2nd part, and once I step on the 2nd part’s stairs, I would probably be able to see the end of it, the shrine of the 2nd part.” Luo Feng was filled with anticipation within.

Back then when Luo Feng stood at about 10% of the 1st part, he could already see the shrine of the 1st part!

According to his guess, he had to reach about 10% of the 2nd part for the shrine to appear. Once it showed itself, only then would he be able to acquire the treasure within.

“It’s a pity, I only made it to the late portion of the 1st part.

“If I can make it to 10% of the 2nd part, I’ll be able to use the Mosha clansman to retrieve the treasure in the 2nd shrine, and after using it, I’ll once again be able to go much further.”

…

As Luo Feng looked at demon note mountain and exclaimed, from the distance, a team of silver clothed staff swiftly flew over.

“Your majesty!”

“Your majesty Luo Feng!” The team of silver clothed staff flew over and bowed respectfully, of which there were some that kept saying, “Congratulations on leaving Demon note mountain.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Please follow us.” The team didn’t seem to dare to hesitate, there were 2 royalties within demon note mountain at the time, one was Luo Feng and the other a member of the last phase region. In terms of status…Luo Feng was naturally much higher.

The staff respectfully led Luo Feng towards the palace at the foot of demon mountain.

“Your majesty Luo Feng!” A white clothed silhouette swiftly flew over.

“Ah, it’s you, Yi Chang?” Luo Feng immediately recognized the white clothed youth, it was the one that led him 12 years ago when he arrived.

“Your majesty still remembers my name.” The white clothed youth seemed very moved, simultaneously, he said, “For your majesty to stay a total of 12 years in demon note mountain and come out safely, it’s really impressive.” Even though he said so, the white clothed youth was shocked within…if Official Po Yu found out Luo Feng came out, she probably wouldn’t be too happy.

Within the cold palace.

Po Yu sat in her throne, her undying energy swept past Luo Feng and the white clothed Yi Chang without them even realizing, with her ability, even Babata’s scanning device couldn’t detect it. After All in terms of strength…Po Yu was slightly stronger than than Hu Yan Bo back then, what’s more she focused on soul techniques.

“This Luo Feng is actually still alive, staying 12 years in demon note mountain…he really has some ability!” Po Yu said softly, her eyes gleamed coldly, Ka Cha…her right hand that was like an exquisite jade stone immediately crushed the right arm support and reduced it to dust.

“However, there will be a day…” Po Yu said softly.

“What!” Po Yu’s expression changed greatly.

“10,000 black tags, that Luo Feng actually collected 10,000 black tags?” Po Yu wasn’t as sure as before, all she was left with was shock and rage.

…

Luo Feng was chatting while walking with the youth Yi Chang.

“10,000 black tags?” The white clothed Yi Chang was filled with shock as he looked at Luo Feng, “Your majesty Luo Feng, collecting these 10,000 black tags is even harder than the survival mission. It’s been a long time since anyone collected the 10,000 black tags. Only Mo Luo from before completed it.”

“Mo Luo?” Luo Feng frowned, “He completed it too?”

To collect 10,000 black tags, the quickest way was to kill sector lord warriors. And for a universe level 9 to kill sector lords, how impossible was that?

Simply relying on strength was impossible, they would have to rely on assisting life forms, technological weapons etc.

He relied on the mosha clansman body and the e9 laser, the combination of both, what did Mo Luo use?

“Right.”The white clothed youth nodded, “His majesty Mo Luo did indeed complete it, however he only stayed over 3 years in demon note mountain before leaving.”

“His speed sure was fast.” Luo Feng laughed indifferently, “To collect 10,000 black tags alone is extremely hard, I took up to 12 years to actually complete it. This Mo Luo, did indeed collect the black tags a lot faster than I did.”

The white clothed youth said, “Your majesty Luo Feng, to persevere 12 years to collect the black tags, your willpower is shocking.

Even though he spoke the words, he was uneasy within.

This absolute genius Luo Feng was too suicidal, to collect enough black tags, he actually stayed in demon note mountain for 12 years, that was a impossible level mission place, staying 12 years, even if one’s luck was good, he would still ultimately meet sector lord aboriginals and sector lord beasts…

“I really don’t know how he managed to survive.” The white clothed youth Yi Chang muttered to himself.

After a while.

Yi Chang brought Luo Feng to a palace.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, as you acquired 10,000 black tags, you are naturally able to receive the huge reward. This huge reward, will be personally presented to you by Sky feather emperor who’s stationed here by the virtual universe company.” Yi Chang smiled, “Please wait a moment, I’ll go inform them…please wait for Sky Feather emperor to come see you.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

As he watched Yi Chang leave, Luo Feng was shocked within…

Sky feather Emperor?

After following his teacher for so long, Luo Feng had heard of a few absolute beings, the difference in levels between the emperor level undyings, and of which the beings that were extremely close to the level of universe country leaders.

Just like his teacher True Yan emperor!

And Sky feather emperor was one that his teacher had mentioned before, he even specially complimented this name. Among the emperor level undyings…there were very few that True Yan could not deal with, and Sky feather emperor was one of them.

“According to what teacher said, this Sky feather emperor is proficient in space and time laws, he is an absolute being that practices the universe primal chaos tablet. Even my teacher cannot deal with him, he has an extremely high position in the virtual universe company.” Luo Feng was filled with anticipation within, he really wanted to meet such a legendary person.

Like True Yan emperor, Sky feather emperor was another legendary level being, Mist emperor was far below.

After a while.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, Lord Sky feather Emperor is currently in his Feather palace waiting.” The white clothed Yi Change smiled and said, “Please follow me.”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng nodded, he immediately followed the white clothed Yi Chang and flew into the many palaces at the foot of the mountain, after flying for about 2 minutes, they arrived at a majestic 100km tall enormous palace, the entire outer walls of this palace had strange bird like creatures engraved all over.

These bird creatures, had 3 wings and 3 eyes, at the top of their heads they had feathers that were like a crown.

What was special was one of their vertical eyes, even though these were only huge engravings, that one eye of the birds still gave off a bone chilling feeling like it could see through space and time.

“Your majesty, please enter, I’m not allowed to follow you in here.” The white clothed Yi Chang stood outside the palace.

The gold armored guards standing in an orderly fashion outside opened a path for Luo Feng to walk through, there were over a 1,000 guards there, of which there were 10 undyings.

“Undyings standing as guards?” Luo Feng felt like this was unbelievable, his teacher True Yan emperor wasn’t as extravagant… and the undyings were normally proud warriors, even if they submitted to a strong being, to be ordered to watch the door, they wouldn’t normally agree. Unless it was for some special reason.

Luo Feng immediately took a big stride into Feather palace.

Feather palace’s 1st level was the main hall, it was incredibly majestic, a dazzling sight, the entire hall was gold and black, 2 colors matching each other.

Sou!

Luo Feng became a beam of light and flew into the hall, after awhile, he saw a glaring silhouette in the throne above, and below at the 2 sides sat many other silhouettes.

“Greetings Sky Feather emperor!” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

“True Yan has collected a good disciple.” In the throne above, a voice resounded from the glaring silhouette, his voice boomed throughout the entire hall, this hall alone was close to 100km long and wide, in theory the amount of time needed for his voice to travel was very long, however the moment he opened his mouth, it resounded throughout.

Luo Feng only looked up then, he saw the glaring silhouette in the throne.

He, had golden yellow long hair, or which his eyes had a hint of jade blue, at his forehead his vertical eye was the only golden one! He had a high nose bridge, thin lips, however as he gazed down below…it made Luo Feng feel as he looked up, there was a sense of an endless space before him.

That natural power! It unconsciously made others submit.

“What a terrifying being, indeed a being on par with my teacher.” Luo Feng was shocked within, when one reaches the level of True Yan and Sky feather emperor, the beings closest to becoming universe country leaders, even in the virtual universe, they wouldn’t be underlings of any country leader or knight anymore, they were already extremely close to that level, they no longer needed to rely on such other beings.

“Beside…”

Luo Feng’s gaze turned.

On the 2 sides below the throne sat a total of 24 people, they all had different appearances, some tall and sturdy, some beautiful, others cold, however according to Luo Feng’s long time in primal chaos experience with his seniors, he could deduce that these 24 before him…were probably all undying level.

“Take out your 10,000 black tags.” The glaring silhouette in the throne said.

“Yes.”

Luo Feng waved and immediately a bunch of black tags appeared.

“Hm, according to the demon mountain rules, you’ve collected 10,000 black tags, hence you are eligible to receive a huge reward.” Sky feather emperor gazed below at the tiny silhouette, he said indifferently, “I’ll now give you 3 prizes to choose from, you can only pick one.”

The moment he said that.

The 24 undyings below seemed to change their expressions slightly, however they all didn’t dare make a sound, of the 24, Official Po Yu thought within, “What’s going on with Lord Sky Feather, doesn’t he normally just give one treasure, why is he giving this punk a chance to choose?”

Po Yu was extremely unsatisfied within, yet she didn’t dare make single sound.

Sky Feather emperor’s word was law, the moment one defied him, the result was very possibly death!


Chapter 603: 3 Rewards

Luo Feng didn’t know himself that normally only one reward was given, to him, being able to pick from 3 different prizes was normal.

“3 rewards?” Luo Feng looked with anticipation at Sky Feather emperor up in the throne.

“The 1st treasure is the Chrysalis Armor.” Sky feather emperor said slowly high in the throne, “The chrysalis armor is one of the more favorite armors amongst the undyings, it’s defensive abilities are not bad, if a sector lord level 1 or 2 uses it, it can completely defend against any attack under undying level unless it’s a soul attack, you are a spirit reader, all the more you should focus on defense, this armor will suit you well.”

Luo Feng was shocked within as he heard, if a sector lord level 1 wore that armor, it was akin to having complete defense against anything under undying level, unless it was a soul attack? It was indeed a favorite armor amongst the undyings.

Babata too shouted within his consciousness, “Chrysalis armor, Luo Feng, your teacher only didn’t need all these armors back then after he evolved his cloud contact vine to undying level. Otherwise…even for you teacher, this chrysalis armor is not bad. Its auction price usually reaches 800,000 to 1 million mixed elements.”

Luo Feng was shocked as he heard.

800,000 to 1 million mixed elements?

The entire price of the black dragon mountain star field was only about 300,000 to 1 million mixed elements. And an armor was actually worth more than the vast starfield?

“The 2nd reward is a palm size Flame void gold, it’s weight is about 3.1 tonnes.” Sky feather emperor continued, “The flame void gold is an extremely valuable weapon material. Before you reach undying level, you may purchase some spirit weapons etc. However after you become undying, you’ll need to build weapons that fit the techniques you create, the flame void gold…belongs to an extremely rare class of materials for building weapons.”

Luo Feng blinked.

Palm size of material?

“The 3rd is cash.” Sky feather emperor said in his throne, “That chrysalis armor and flame void gold are both worth about 500,000 mixed elements, hence, the 3rd prize is 500,000 mixed elements cash. If you are dissatisfied with the previous 2 choices, you can pick cash, and you can buy whatever you need after.”

“You can only pick one of the 3.” Sky feather emperor gazed at Luo Feng, “Choose.”

The other 24 official level undyings under him all changed their expressions, they were all shocked within.

They had followed Sky feather emperor for extremely long, it had been very long since they saw him speak so much, the huge reward was actually simply something fixed within the virtual universe company’s choices, usually they would casually pick a prize that was close to the amount just to satisfy those that collected the 10,000 black tags.

However this time…

Firstly, Sky feather emperor took out 3 prizes, that was shocking enough.

The chrysalis armor, even the undyings would all vie and fight for it, if Luo Feng used it, he could use it all the way till he reached undying level.

The flame void gold, that was even more rare and valuable, even Sky feather emperor himself said it was rare and very valuable. Just a palm size of it alone was that valuable.

Finally, the cash.

Actually, in comparison, the cash was the lousiest of the 3, however…Sky feather emperor had said if Luo Feng was dissatisfied with the 2 choices, he could use the cash to buy what he truly needed. This was completely all for Luo Feng’s sake. They had rarely ever seen Sky feather emperor treat someone so courteously.

“Babata, which should I choose?” Luo Feng asked within.

Even though he had some idea within, his experience and perspective was indeed weaker, Babata had seen and experienced a lot more.

“The chrysalis armor is not needed at this time, as we can quickly nurture the cloud contact vine to sector lord level, nurturing it to sector lord level 9 isn’t hard… as for becoming undying! Once it becomes undying, with your background and the level of favor from the virtual universe company, it’ll probably be even better than the chrysalis armor! And the moment you find a way to evolve your cloud contact vine to undying, there’ll be no more need of the chrysalis armor.”

“As for cash! You don’t need it anyway!”

“Because your teacher’s entire account is in the bank, as long as you go there at domain lord level, to any of the universe galaxy banks in any starfield, you can retrieve his inheritance. Hence…you don’t lack cash.”

“Right now, the most important thing to you is the Flame void gold!”

“Even though that Sky feather emperor said that both the chrysalis armor and the Flame void gold are worth 500,000 mixed elements, I have to say…Sky feather emperor’s position is extremely revered, hence he can acquire those items at 500,000 mixed elements. In truth, like I mentioned earlier, the chrysalis armor auctions at 800,000 to 1 million mixed elements, and the flame void gold… auctions at 1.5 million to 2 million mixed elements.” Babata said.

“Why is the flame void gold so much more expensive than the chrysalis armor? And Sky feather emperor…why can he buy them at only 500,000 mixed elements?” Luo Feng was curious.

“Because!”

“The flame void gold is extremely rare and few, almost all of it has been taken by the absolute beings.” Babata said, “The rarer a material is, the more expensive it gets! Maybe Sky feather emperor may be able to buy it, but other undyings…even if they are willing to fork out twice the amount, they wouldn’t be able to buy it. In comparison, there’s a lot more of that chrysalis armor around.”

“Also!”

“Luo Feng, you’ll eventually need to create your own suitable techniques, this is a path any strong warrior will have to walk, and normally at the pinnacle of sector lord level, you’ll begin to create your own techniques. During that time, you’ll begin to search for materials to build your own weapons.” Babata said.

…

The 3 rewards that Sky feather emperor displayed had indeed made the 24 official level undyings suspicious…just what background did this Luo Feng have to make him that way.

True Yan emperor’s disciple?

It couldn’t be just that.

After all, in terms of status, Sky feather emperor was almost equal to True Yan. There was no need to be on good terms with him. And Sky feather’s character was extremely prideful, he didn’t even really care too much about some of the universe country leaders. Even if they were stronger than him, when Sky feather emperor unleashed his greatest technique…

If he truly wished to flee, even the universe country leaders would find it hard to kill him.

Actually in the vast universe, the group that were deemed extremely close to becoming universe country leaders, the emperor level undyings, they may not be a match for the universe country leaders in an all out fight. However, they all had their own great abilities that allowed them to rule over the universe, they still definitely had the ability to survive the fight.

This was also the reason why they didn’t need to rely on the universe country leaders.

“Lord Sky Feather, I’ll pick the 2nd reward, Flam void gold.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“Hmph!” Below the throne, Official Po Yu frowned, she snorted coldly within, “This universe level 9 punk actually knows that the flame void gold is the best choice of the 3, hmph, he must just be extremely lucky.” Po Yu seemed to completely dislike Luo Feng.

“Haha…”

In the throne above, Sky feather emperor laughed out loudly, “Very well, this piece of flame void gold is yours.”

With a toss, the completely transparent piece of crystal with a hint of gold glowing within passed through space instantly and appeared before Luo Feng.

“My god, teleportation?” Luo Feng was shocked.

He saw it very clearly, that crystal vanished from Sky feather emperor’s hand and appeared right before him. Even though he could resonate with the universe space, he could only faintly feel its ripples.

“After completing the demon mountain mission, you should be returning to the primal region.” Sky feather emperor said.

Luo Feng couldn’t care about observing this piece of flame void gold, he immediately kept it in his space ring and replied respectfully, “Yes, even though I’ve entered the primal region for a few years, I’ve spent all these years in demon mountain. Hence I haven’t once entered the primal region.”

“Hm, I’ll arrange for a universe ship to send you directly there.”

After he finished, Sky feather emperor vanished from the throne.

After a while.

Luo Feng sat in the universe ship that Sky feather emperor had specially arranged for him, as he left demon mountain, not too far away in a space region specially cleared, it began to accelerate and enter universe transfer.

“This sky feather emperor sure is courteous.” Luo Feng sat in the cabin and flipped his hand, revealing the 3.1 ton palm size transparent metal, the entire metal was like a clear crystal, even more transparent than a crystal! If one didn’t take notice…it was almost like air itself, only it had very fine hints of gold within.

He rubbed the flame void gold, even then he could feel the space about it slightly ripple.

“What a peculiar metal.” Luo Feng was shocked within.

He immediately sent a piece of his consciousness into the virtual universe network, sending a letter to his teacher True Yan Emperor, telling him everything about him acquiring the flame void gold and the rewards choices etc, naturally he explained the entire process… because he felt that Sky feather emperor was incredibly friendly.

After awhile, he received a reply from his teacher.

Luo Feng opened it to look…

“Your teacher had once saved Sky feather’s life, however very few in the universe know about this. Don’t spread it…Reputation is very important to Sky feather emperor. If you respect him, he will return it 10 fold.”

“Teacher, you are vicious!”

Luo Feng starred.

So it was that way, normally the more proud a person was, the more he couldn’t owe debts. What’s more, the debt of having his life saved by another?

“This teacher of mine is explosive and straightforward, I heard he’s offended many. He even told me to be careful and prudent when I become domain lord level and become a governor of a territory. However from the looks of it now…even though he indeed has enemies, he also has friends all around. And very powerful friends.” Luo Feng sighed and smiled.

…

Time passed, after 3 months, the universe ship finally entered the primal region.

After the ship went through universe transfer and re entered the actual universe, it flew for half a day before reaching the core living area of the primal region geniuses.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, ahead lies the 113 villas where the geniuses live.” A tall and sturdy man with 3 pairs of silver wings pointed ahead, the external simulation also allowed Luo Feng to see the distant 136 stars.

The enormous 136 stars revolved constantly in the space, it was incredibly mysterious.

Luo Feng watched on, suddenly the image of the leader of Tian Shi palace demonstrating the 9 black flame planets and the space laws appeared in his mind.

“It’s quite similar.” Luo Feng felt the movement of the 136 stars revolving, feeling them resonate with the wonders of the space laws.

“These 136 stars, naturally form their own space, the geniuses that live here are incredibly safe. Even universe country leader level warriors have no way to barge into this space.” The silver winged man laughed and explained, “This is also something the virtual universe company has spent a countless amount of energy and resources to prepare for its later generation.”

Luo Feng was shocked within.

136 planets, forming their own space?


Chapter 604: Luo Feng’s Plan

The 136 planets in space revolved ever so mysteriously about, it weaved through the 2 greatest laws of the universe…Time and space, allowing just these 136 planets to exist in their own time and space altogether, even though they were visible to the naked eye, in truth, what the eye could see was simply an illusion.

Rumble…The space rippled, a beautiful gold 1,000m long universe ship appeared in mid air.

“Thank you all, and help me thank Lord Sky Feather emperor too!”

At the cabin door of another universe ship, Luo Feng bid goodbye to the silver winged man and the others, after which he became a beam of light and flew towards the completely gold universe ship.

The 2 ships were over 10,000 km apart.

With a breath, Luo Feng had already reached that beautiful golden ship’s entrance, there stood 3 powerful warriors giving off amazing energies, Luo Feng only recognized one of them…the bald man Dylan!

“Your majesty!” Dylan shouted.

“Dylan.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, welcome to the primal region’s 9th space.” One of the other 2 undyings, with silver long hair and silver eyes, the beautiful barefoot lady smiled, “The 9th space is also named the Black Period space, it’s the place where all the geniuses stay. Please enter the ship…we’ll send you to your living quarters.”

Luo Feng smiled and nodded, entering the ship.

This ship was specially used just for welcoming and sending, hence the design and interior were all extravagant and luxurious, the level of luxury was something that couldn’t be seen amongst the normal wealthy in the universe, and people like Luo Feng who’ve had seen the inheritance memories, seen the treasure trove, only they could understand how luxurious the design and interior of the ship was.

Within the welcoming hall of the ship.

Luo Feng and the others stood there, looking at the external simulation.

Rumble!

The ship activated and quickly flew through the 9th space.

“Ah?” Luo Feng was shocked to realize, before, he could only see the constantly moving 136 planets, however when the ship began to enter this space, Luo Feng could clearly see…these 136 planets were revolving within this space, and at the center of them all was an incredibly glaring enormous continent!

This floating continent had many beautiful palaces.

“How mysterious.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

“This is called Black period space, that huge floating continent is also called black period continent.” The silver eyed lady smiled and explained, “From the outside world, we can only see the 136 planets. One would be unable to see the most important black period continent…all of the geniuses stay on that continent.”

“Of course!”

“This space, the construction that cost the most came from the 136 black period planets.” The silver eyed lady smiled and explained, “Those 136 planets are all man made, they are all formed from the virtual universe company spending huge amounts of wealth and treasures to construct, after all the many generations of geniuses stay here, their safety is extremely important, we need to prevent the warriors from other races barging in here to kill them.”

Luo Feng held his breath.

Man made planets? This wasn’t too hard.

But something that the virtual universe company regards as a huge amount? That was crazy.

“These 136 black period planets automatically revolve and form this area’s space.” The silver eyed lady had a sense of pride on her face, “Anyone who tries to attack and barge in, will be blocked by the space here, all attacks would be deflected towards the 136 planets and dispersed! An undying’s attack has completely no effect on this space, even a group of universe country leaders has no chance of getting in here.”

Luo Feng was shocked when he heard.

The strength of the virtual universe company, as his own strength and position rises, interacting more with others, he slowly got a clearer idea of just how powerful they were.

Like the powerful beast god from blood river continent, didn’t it finally fall too? Wasn’t the entire blood river continent under surveillance?

Like demon mountain, the demon note inheritance was indeed very powerful. However, the powerful ancient being that left it behind, didn’t he too back off against the virtual universe company?

The many universe secret regions, all taken over!

Humanity, was still one of the pinnacle races of the universe! As one of the 5 great leviathans of humanity, the virtual universe company was indeed an unbelievable power.

…

The primal region’s 9th space black period continent was extremely vast, every genius had close to 1 million km in area. Naturally, Dylan’s guard team stayed on Luo Feng’s territory with him.

As Luo Feng entered the area, he sent a thread of his consciousness into the virtual universe.

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang mountain primal region, Luo Feng’s training grounds.

“Rise!”

Luo Feng stood in the vast training grounds, behind him the dark golden long rod shot out countless gold lights, simultaneously Luo Feng controlled his spirit energy to an unbelievable level, as a spirit reader controller whose spirit energy amplitude had reached over 3200, using the Nan Shen Armament was much easier than before.

Rumble!

The surrounding sky and land changed, it became an endless blade world.

“Condense!” Luo Feng said softly.

Immediately, a thread of condensed blade energy swiftly formed before him, after which it dispersed and simultaneously 500m away, another formed there, after it successfully formed, it dispersed. Then, 1km away, another formed.

Within the blade world area, threads of blade energy condensed throughout before dispersing.

Blade energy, omnipresent!

The blade world’s 2nd level…Omnipresence!

“Haha…” Luo Feng smiled, immediately the blade world dispersed and countless gold lights swiftly returned to the dark golden long rod on his back.

“12 years in demon note mountain, even though my law comprehension has improved quite a bit, it’s still not enough for me to reach the omnipresence level of the blade world!” Luo Feng was happy within, “With my spirit energy amplitude over 3,200, it’s 32 times the normal limit of 100! This 32 times of spirit energy is the only reason I can easily reach the level of omnipresence.”

“If I go attempt the 8th level of the heavenly bridge, I can probably succeed already.” Luo Feng thought.

Currently, there was only Fei Tuo, the one universe level genius who had passed the 8th level of the heavenly bridge. And he had just come back from demon note mountain…the fact that the slot of the demon note inheritance was stolen made it really bad timing for him to attempt the bridge, as everybody would immediately know if he passed the 8th level.

Also!

Just because he had the strength to pass the 8th level didn’t mean he should immediately attempt it. Even with enough strength, passing both the 8th, and 9th consecutively would be better. Just like how the wolfman Ke Luo Fu had the strength to pass the 8th level but never once rushed to attempt it.

“To the study!”

Luo Feng swiftly left the training grounds and became a beam of light, entering his study through the balcony.

Sitting before his desk, he looked at his laptop, flipping through some dangerous level missions, impossible level missions and their information. As a primal region member, the authority he had to search was much higher than before…before, he couldn’t see much of the secret information, right now much more was available to him.

“I can only take 10 missions every 100 years.”

“And the 100 years here refers to the 100 years in between the qualification battles.” Luo Feng thought, “After the battles, within the next 100 years, I can at most take on another 10 missions. Hm, after these 10 missions…I think my core would have broken through to sector lord level. When that time comes…my earth body will break through to domain lord level!”

To Luo Feng, the earth body could break through to domain lord level at any time! However the moment he broke through…he would be sent out by the virtual universe company, they would normally be placed as governors in their own universe countries. Even though there were many benefits to have such power, however the special privilege of the universe level geniuses of taking missions would no longer be there.

Staying in the universe level?

Luo Feng had never ever considered staying as long as the others. “With the golden horned beast’s evolution speed, I have no need to drag it out.” Luo Feng thought, “And the comprehension of origin laws is easiest during the sector lord level! The moment the golden horned beast breaks through to sector lord, my law comprehension speed will explode and rise extremely quickly…”

Sector lord level was the easiest period of time to study the laws.

In the vast universe, normal domain lords who comprehended the laws were already considered not bad geniuses.

However Sector lords were able to comprehend the laws, that was a natural order of things. Even in the black dragon mountain starfield, within those tiny little starfields, there were many sector lords who have been recognized by the laws themselves. Needless to say…the sector lord comprehension speed was indeed very fast!

Sector lords comprehension of the laws, that too had many beneficial conditions, this was also why the time sector lord chose to stay at that level for so long, with no rush to break through to undying.

Hence…

The moment Luo Feng stepped into the sector lord period, that was truly his time to explode.

Obviously with the internal world constantly swallowing metal and evolving, he was only about 60 to 70 years away from reaching the sector lord level.

“Hm!” There are a total of 6 dangerous level missions within the primal region, I’ll finish them in one breath.” Luo Feng was very confident, with the e9 laser gun and the mosha body, golden horned beast…completing the dangerous level missions was definitely no problem unless he chose to find danger himself.

“Once the dangerous level missions are done, I’ll do the impossible levels after!”

“However!”

“There may be some special encounters within these missions, however every one of these encounters may be extremely dangerous. The last time I was lucky enough in demon note mountain…the next time may not be so.” Luo Feng warned himself within, he had to act according to his strength and not be blinded by his greed.

Luo Feng had accepted the impossible level mission before, hence he was very clear there were a total of 18 of them.

Within the secret regions of the virtual universe company, there were a total of 4 of them, of which 2 were in the primal region.

1 was the 1st of the missions, Purgatory Abyss, the reward for the mission was 1 million points, highest of the lot, similarly it was the most difficult one.

The other was the 6th mission Confusion Galaxy, it’s reward was 500,000 points, a bit more dangerous than demon mountain.

“Within the next 10 years!”

“I’ll first complete the 6 dangerous level missions and then go on to the impossible level mission Confusion galaxy, that’s only slightly more dangerous than demon mountain.” Luo Feng sat in his study and clearly made his plan, “After this series of missions my strength should rise by quite a bit. The best time to attempt Purgatory abyss would be when the golden horned beast and the mosha clansman breaks through to the sector lord level, I’ll attempt the hardest mission then.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Once all these were complete, that would be the time he would be sent out to be a governor by the virtual universe company.


Chapter 605: Unexpected News

Luo Feng’s method of doing things was very straightforward, once he decided on a path, naturally he didn’t waste more time. He immediately applied that day for the dangerous level mission.

The many dangerous level missions, Luo Feng completed them one after another.

6 dangerous level missions, all within the primal region, hence the amount of time wasted sitting in the ships was shorter, he swiftly completed them at different speeds, these 6 dangerous level missions, Luo Feng discovered traces of big secrets from 2 of them.

It couldn’t be helped!

The dangers were too much!

These 2 dangerous level mission worlds, one was Waze planet and the other was Ancient God shrine, Luo Feng found traces of big secrets and carefully went to investigate.

The most mysterious and important Ancestor god tomb on Waze planet was guarded by a large group of undyings, it scared Luo feng so much he didn’t even dare go near it, lest he was discovered by any of the undyings. No matter how much he struggled…with the domain lord level 9 golden horned beast, an undying would still probably kill him in one strike.

The outermost dangers of Ancient god tomb were low, it made Luo Feng easily complete the mission requirements, however the big secret within, as Luo Feng investigated had many dangers lying within.

Luo Feng later used the mosha clansman to carefully invade and search.

The mosha clansman’s natural ability of cloning was indeed very heavenly, just using that one move, Luo Feng’s main body stayed outside while the mosha body would enter the danger zones, almost like looking for food before the tiger’s mouth, there he managed to obtain an extremely valuable peculiar Artery leaf that’s worth was no less than the Flame void gold.

This leaf was called the Purple 100 net leaf, it had many special uses. The best usage was to feed it to an undying level plant life form, it normally auctioned for 2 million mixed elements.

Of course, it was extremely dangerous and risky for him to acquire that one single leaf, Luo Feng was afraid of stirring up more trouble, hence he immediately left the ancient god tomb.

A total of 3 years and 6 months, he finished all 6 dangerous level missions, discovering just the tip of 2 huge secrets within, he acquired a total of 95,000 in points and a purple 100 net leaf.

…

The more benefits one got from the missions, the more one began to feel greed and ambition within.

As he had worked hard to finish the 6 dangerous level missions, however that was still only worth 95,000 in points! Even at the highest exchange rate…1 mixed element for 1 point, that was akin to only 95,000 mixed elements. However just one big encounter alone, acquiring the purple 100 net leaf, that was worth about 2 million mixed elements!

Enough to buy a few black dragon mountain star fields!

“Luo Feng, big earnings!!! The purple 100 net leaf was something your teacher wanted to buy back then, but couldn’t find a place to buy, when the cloud contact vine evolves to undying, letting it eat it will make its power surge! If the cloud contact vine eats it at sector lord pinnacle level, there’s 10% chance it’ll break through to undying!” Babata was extremely excited, “The reason why the probability isn’t high is because the purple 100 net leaf’s effect is mainly change the structure of the body.”

…

After finishing the 6 dangerous level missions, Luo Feng rested for about 3 months, before he began his impossible level mission, Confusion galaxy!

Any primal region member could at most take up to 3 impossible level missions, Luo Feng had already done the demon mountain mission, hence he was left with 2 more, according to his plan, he was to first take the easier Confusion galaxy. Saying it was lower in difficulty was naturally in comparison to the hardest impossible level mission, Purgatory abyss.

Purgatory abyss, that was simply too dangerous.

The death rate of the impossible level missions were 90%, however the purgatory abyss had a percentage of 99%! Hence over the many generations of geniuses…very few actually attempted it.

Even one as confident as Luo Feng.

He decided to wait till the Mosha clansman and the golden horned beast reached the sector lord level before he would attempt it!

…

Confusion galaxy, this was a small region within the vast primal region, it was about the size of the milky way.

The mission in confusion galaxy was very simple, a search mission.

1, to find 39 crystal stones, (Details of the stone were in the attachment.) Reward 500,000 points.

A simple search mission.

Actually, the requests for the impossible level missions were all very simple, some as simple as survival, others a search mission. However, in the dangerous level missions and the difficult level missions, the requests often seen in them were hunting, requested slaughter for items, they encouraged killing more.

“In the impossible level missions, if one still dared to kill openly, that was simply suicide.”

Luo Feng carefully began his impossible level mission … Confusion galaxy!

Confusion galaxy, just like its name was a super maze itself, because it was about the size of the milky way, it was much bigger than demon mountain, even undyings would spend 100,000 years and only have walked a portion of the maze.

A very mysterious place.

The secrets it held, according to what Luo Feng investigated, shouldn’t just be one!

He spent a total of 5 years and 7 months before he finally collected the 39 stones, completing the mission. However he wasn’t in a rush to leave…but he hid his core and body in a safe place and allowed the Mosha clansman to investigate the dangerous locations. The mosha clansman had the ability to transform into anything and was very suitable for recon.

It had been close to 11 years since Luo Feng finished the demon mountain mission and acquired the demon note inheritance.

Virtual universe, Black dragon mountain island, 9 star bay.

“I don’t believe that I can’t find the big secret and encounter of Confusion galaxy! My body is currently in the automaton ship and stopped in a safe place in the outer regions of confusion galaxy, the mosha clansman is deep in the galaxy searching some secret places, if I can’t find it in 1 year, I ‘ll use 10 years, if that doesn’t work, I’ll use 50 years!” Luo Feng walked along the quiet pathway, pondering on his situation on confusion galaxy.

Confusion galaxy was indeed a maze.

It was also filled with dangers all about!

The Mosha clansman thus lost its life 6 times, however, Luo Feng simply had to use some energy everytime and reform the body in his internal world. As long as the main core was fine, his 3 bodies wouldn’t die.

“Thirdie, Thirdie!” Thunder god’s anxious voice resounded, “You’ve finally come.”

“2nd brother, why the rush in meeting me.” Luo Feng smiled and gazed in the distance, there a white robed bald thunder god was rushing over.

“What’s the matter, your mail to me said it was an extremely urgent matter. It scared me so much I came here immediately.” Luo Feng smiled and walked towards thunder god, the 2 walked in the pathway and quickly entered the yard beside.

“It’s truly an urgent matter.” Thunder god’s expression revealed that of worry.

“Speak!” Luo Feng sat on a chair in the yard.

“It’s concerning big brother!” Thunder god said.

“Big brother?” Luo Feng was shocked.

In terms of fixing problems and dealing with matters and people, Luo Feng was extremely respectful of his big brother Hong. From his point of view…even if thunder god or himself made a mess of things, Hong wasn’t the type to create such trouble.

“Speak, what’s going on?” Luo Feng’s expression grew serious.

His big brother was the type to not have any problems for an extremely long time, however the moment there was something, it would probably be something huge!

“It’s sounds like a joke when said.” Thunder god shook his head and sighed, “Right, you should know that big brother has been the Ganwu universe country the past 10 plus years right.”

“I know.”Luo Feng nodded.

When he was participating in the qualification battles, his big brother had already returned to the Ganwu universe country with his teacher the time sector lord Luo.

“These 10 years he’s been stationed here within the Ganwu universe country, he was in one of the 9 great 1st class administrative planets, the Jade dome planet.” Thunder god said, “But who would have thought that because he was stationed there, he would actually develop feelings for a girl there.”

“Are you joking?” Luo Feng was startled.

His big brother Hong had a relationship with a girl?

During the great nirvana period, Hong’s wife had already passed away, even with her early death…he brought up his 2 daughters alone.

With his status and power on earth, who knows just how many women wanted to marry him, what type of woman has he not seen? What’s more…with his mental state level, at that absolute level, for a girl to actually make him fall in love with, that was simply an unbelievable thing.

This was simply an extremely rare occurrence!

“I’m not too clear myself, but it’s a fact.” Thunder god exclaimed, “You should know big brother’s character, the moment he decides on something, even everybody in the world or universe objects, it wouldn’t affect him one bit.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Many illusions couldn’t even affect his own beliefs, much less Hong.

“After Hong and that girl began their relationship, something happened… Jade dome planet, as one of the 9 great administrative planets, was a powerful and luxurious gathering location. Just the number of families with undyings stationed there range over the hundreds.” Thunder god frowned, “And this girl’s background is huge, her family forcefully denied Hong from being together with her.”

“What joke is this?” Luo Feng questioned.

Cowherd and the Weaving maid?

In the universe, even within those super families that were high up normally didn’t care much about relationships below.

The opposite.

If one met an absolute warrior, they would rather send their daughter to marry. Because the bloodline of a strong warrior…would normally be powerful. This resulted in the universe’s powerful men marrying many women, and the powerful women marrying many men! Unless there were special circumstances…

Like, an undying suddenly falling for a girl, and declaring he liked her. Therefore, because of fear for this undying, the family would naturally stop the girl from being with others.

However these sort of situations were extremely rare.

“Why did they stop them?” Luo Feng asked suspiciously, “Has some powerful being fallen for the girl?”

“No.” Thunder god shook his head, “I didn’t find such a level of problem, Big brother didn’t say himself either, it’s purely the family stopping them.”

Luo Feng frowned, “I understand what you mean, you are saying… there’s no other obstructing force, simply just that the family doesn’t want them together?”

“Right!” Thunder god nodded.

“What’s the reason?” Luo Feng asked.

“No idea.” Thunder god shook his head, “That girl’s family doesn’t want to give us an explanation.”

“What family is it? Who’s the undying behind the family? Tell me.” Luo Feng frowned and prepared to investigate properly, since this matter involved his big brother Hong, he had to help no matter what.


Chapter 606: Luo Feng’s Decision

“I really don’t know.” Thunder god shook his head, “I want to help big brother, but big brother only talks a little about it when we drink and he’s frustrated. Afterall our path together, we aren’t real brothers but are akin to one, and when I actually questioned him in detail about it, he wasn’t willing to say.”

Luo Feng frowned.

“I’ll look for him.” Luo Feng gently tapped the air before him, there a screen appeared, Luo Feng tapped and sent a mail to his big brother.”

After a while.

A simply dressed Hong in black walked over, smiling as he said, “You are both here, 3rd brother, why the rush in looking for me?”

“Big brother, sit.” Luo Feng said.

Thunder god stared at Hong.

Hong looked at their expressions and frowned, while he sat, he said, “3rd brother, you know too?”

“Hm!” Luo Feng nodded, looking very seriously at Hong, “Big brother, you are serious?”

“Hm.” Hong nodded without any sense of hesitation.

When one reached Hong’s level of mental state, he saw through things extremely clearly.

“Haha, I never expected there to be a woman capable enough to attract big brother in the entire universe, I really want to meet this woman and see what magic she has.” Luo feng smiled and said, of course as Hong nodded, he understood immediately…Hong seemed to have truly fallen in love.

As to why and how that woman attracted Hong and how their relationship began, these were things that Luo Feng definitely didn’t pursue.

“Is the problem big?” Luo Feng looked at his big brother.

“Somewhat.” Hong seemed to frown a little.

“Big brother, tell me what family it is and who the undying behind the family is?” Luo Feng looked at Hong, “Tell me the situation and I’ll help you.”

Hong looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng looked at Hong too.

“I’ll have to trouble you this time now 3rd brother.” Hong didn’t reject either, the 3 were all outstanding individuals, even Luo Feng whose mental state was the lowest between the 3 had long reached a state where he saw through things clearly…they were straightforward in almost anything they did and couldn’t care less with the formalities.

And they all understood each other’s thoughts.

“The family is the Jishi family, it’s one of the 300 aristocrat families of the Ganwu universe country, the girl is called Ji Qing.” Hong said directly.

Luo Feng nodded.

He immediately opened a screen that floated before him, beside, Hong and Thunder god looked at it.

“Search!” Luo Feng entered the Jishi family of the 300 aristocrat families in the Ganwu universe, the undying being and information on Ji Qing.

With Luo feng’s authority as a primal region member, the amount of information he was able to pull up was extremely detailed.

Hua!

Many articles and lots of information immediately appeared on the screen, they covered the screen completely.

“Ah, why can’t we see all this?” Thunder god asked curiously.

“Amongst the information here, there are parts which are confidential, hence you all can’t pull up such information.” Luo Feng laughed, “These are also part of the authority barriers of the virtual universe network.” While he said so, Luo Feng gently tapped the article right at the top.

Once he opened it.

It was a compiled list of information according to Luo Feng’s search on undying within the Jishi family.

“Ah?” Luo Feng revealed a look of shock the moment he opened it.

“What’s the matter?” Thunder god asked, Hong’s eyes too were filled with anticipation.

“The authority required for the information here isn’t high, I can tell you here in the virtual universe.” Luo Feng laughed and said, “You all should know that there are a total of over 13,000 star fields in the ganwu universe country, just the undyings under the country leader alone range in the tens of thousands. Of which there are some with great contributions and are powerful, those naturally have been given the titles Official and Emperor!”

A country level emperor or official was completely different from an official or emperor level undying.

Like some beginning level universe civilizations, the strongest may only be a universe level, however they are still emperors, or princes etc.

Hence…

Being an emperor or official of a small country wasn’t worth it, being one in a universe country was much bigger. Like the virtual universe company and Huge axe dojo, their emperors are the true pinnacles of strength and wealth!

Like True Yan emperor, he was at the emperor level!

However, he was much, much higher in position compared to the emperors of the Ganwu universe country!

An official or emperor level undying, was something only the super powers like the huge axe dojo or virtual universe company could bestow! What’s more…amongst the many universe countries, a lot of them didn’t have any emperor level undyings.

“The Ganwu universe country has a total of 32 emperors and 268 officials! Also called the 300 emperor and officials.” Luo Feng said, “their power is extremely huge, they are well known amongst the over 10,000 undyings, almost all of them are official level undyings.”

Hong and Thunder god listened intently.

“The Ji Shi family, their territory is the Snow border star field, their family ancestor, the 1st ancestor to establish the family name, the undying is called Ji Tian Cang, his Official level name is Silver snow official.” Luo Feng said, Silver snow official belongs to the 300 emperor officials, he’s one of the longest officials to follow the country leader, he’s very well favored by the leader.”

As Luo Feng spoke, he began to frown more.

This Ji Shi family wasn’t easy to deal with, their background involved the Ganwu universe country leader! Of course…the leader that was high above wouldn’t be bothered to mess with this little girl’s matters.

“So powerful?” Thunder god muttered.

“Hm.” Hong seemed pretty calm.

“Ji Qing.” Luo Feng continued, “Universe level 9, a rare absolute genius over countless years, now a core member of the universe mercenary alliance.”

“What!” Hong stood up fiercely.

Thunder god stared wide eyed too, he opened his mouth wide, it took awhile before he actually muttered, “My god!”

The 5 great leviathans of humanity, the virtual universe company and huge axe dojo were slightly stronger, the others, the universe mercenary alliance, universe 1st bank and universe galaxy bank were slightly weaker. However no matter…the 5 were all on equal levels, the core members of the universe mercenary alliance still required absolute super geniuses to enter!

“She actually is…” Hong’s expression was complex, he shook his head.

He hadn’t joined the core of the huge axe dojo currently, he never expected that the seemingly normal girl he liked was actually a core member of the universe mercenary alliance.

Amongst the 5 leviathans, only the virtual universe company and the huge axe dojo would organize the genius competitions.

Hence, the other 3 powers mostly absorbed geniuses in the dark online, resulting in those absorbed to not have much reputation.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god, the 3 earth brothers sat together.

“I was affected, whether she’s a core member of the universe mercenary alliance or not, it has nothing to do with my relationship with her.” Hong looked at Luo Feng, “3rd brother, you’ve seen the information…this Jishi family is stopping my relationship with Ji Qing, do you have any way to solve this problem?’

“Yes I do.” Luo Feng nodded without any hesitation.

“Thanks.” Hong’s eyes were filled with gratitude.

Luo Feng laughed, “Big brother, you’ve been helping me these many years, it’s now my turn to return the favor, no need for thanks.”

In terms of the mental state training, Hong had never once found it troublesome, but simply guiding Luo Feng…

“Haha…” Hong suddenly laughed.

Because deep within, Hong always remembered his 1st meeting with Luo Feng back then, his age was probably even older than Luo Feng’s grandfather, hence within, he always felt like he was caring for his younger little brother from a later generation, his doing so was a completely natural inclination, he had never once thought of Luo Feng reciprocating.

…

Yu Xiang mountain, within Luo Feng’s primal region villa.

Luo Feng quietly sat before his desk.

“Trouble?” Babata teased, sitting on his shoulder, “Do you feel that the situation is troublesome now?”

“What trouble, big brother has never once asked for my help before, with his personality, for him to actually ask this time…no matter what, I have to do something!” Luo Feng smiled, “What’s more, this matter to me, is indeed not too difficult, it only requires me to make a choice.”

“Choice?” Babata was curious.

“Hm.”

“I have 2 ways to solve this problem now.” Luo Feng said, “The 1st, is to ask my teacher True Yan! With his status…even the Ganwu universe country has to show him respect, that Silver snow official naturally wouldn’t dare act any less, as long as the problem isn’t too huge, the moment my teacher appears, the issue would be solved.”

This was the easiest and most direct method.

However…

Luo Feng didn’t wish to trouble his teacher every time, his teacher was indeed protective and partial to him, and he had never once asked his teacher for help before, occasionally asking…Luo Feng believed, his teacher wouldn’t reject.

However, within, Luo Feng felt that unless there was truly no other choice, otherwise it was best not to trouble his teacher.

“The 2nd?” Babata asked.

“The 2nd is for me to break through to the domain lord level now!” Luo Feng said, “The moment I breakthrough, I will immediately be sent out as a governor by the virtual universe company, and in my home place the Ganwu universe country. According to the rules…I’ll be within the virtual universe company’s Ganwu department’s upper echelon, one with the highest level of authority. As the bridge between the virtual universe company and the Ganwu universe country…the moment I take on the position, the group of undyings in the Ganwu universe country, those with power will still all have to respect me! Showing respect to the virtual universe company!”

Luo Feng was a primal region member with extremely high authority.

When a primal region member was sent out, the governor position he took on was extremely high.

Because within the virtual universe company, the primal region member position was akin to an official level undying, the governor position too…reflected this, naturally he would be amongst the highest in authority within the upper echelons of the Ganwu universe country’s department.

“Are you ready to breakthrough?” Babata was shocked, “Werent you intending to attempt the purgatory abyss before breaking through?”

“Hence, I’m pondering!”

Luo Feng frowned as he sat at his desk and pondered.

Actually, there was a 3rd method…that was for him to go meet the silver snow official Ji Tian Cang in the virtual universe now. However he was after all only a universe level primal region member…and the percentage of primal region members falling was extremely high, only few actually become undying. Even if they did become undying, they would normally only become official level undying, only very rarely would an emperor level undying appear.

Ji Tian Cang was an official level undying, existing for trillions of years, an old official highly respected and favored by the Ganwu universe country leader.

To a small kid like Luo Feng…to a kid that may fall at any time, plus this kid didn’t have anyway to influence him, he would at most treat him with some respect…however with regards to the problem, he probably wouldn’t give way!

“There’s no guarantee in the 3rd method.”

“The 1st method has the highest guarantee, Teacher True Yan emperor can befriend the universe country leader and is among the upper echelon of the virtual universe company. The moment he appears, that Silver snow official wouldn’t dare deny him.”

“The 2nd method, I’ll become a governor and when that happens, I’ll have huge power, I’ll represent the virtual universe company, my words will be much heavier than before!”

Luo Feng frowned.

“However the 2nd method would mean I’d have to give up the purgatory abyss.”

“Purgatory abyss!”

“The confusion galaxy’s big secret is definitely there, it’s just that I haven’t found it. Purgatory abyss is the top mission, the secret is definitely even bigger!”

Suddenly, the image of Ke Luo Fu’s situation popped up in Luo Feng’s mind, his expression couldn’t help but change slightly, sweat beaded down his forehead, he had unknowingly been affected by his own greed. From the 6 dangerous level missions before, he had surprisingly acquired the Purple 100 net leaf.

Hence he had been unwilling to give up on Confusion galaxy.

Luckily he had the Mosha clansman to go explore, so even though he had died several times, he was still able to revive it.

“Purgatory abyss is the top mission, if i’m too overconfident, I’ll probably die there too.” Luo Feng took a deep breath, “When it’s time to step back, I have to step back, always chasing my limits… may not always be a good thing.”

“What’s more, even if I completed the purgatory abyss mission, I’ll only get 1 million points. The 1 purple 100 net leaf I acquired before and that flame void gold far exceeds that worth.”

“I’ll give it up!”

“I’ll give up the final purgatory abyss mission and get ready to breakthrough to the domain lord level!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

He suddenly felt like giving up at certain times had its own rewards.

…

“Teacher!”

Luo Feng stood before the screen, on it was his teacher True Yan emperor.

“What’s the matter?” True Yan smiled and looked at Luo Feng.

“Teacher, I feel like I can breakthrough to the domain lord level at any time, do you think that it’s better for me to stay in the universe level or enter the domain lord level.” Luo Feng looked at True Yan emperor, even though he had made a decision, it was better to hear what his teacher thought.

“Ah? You feel like you can breakthrough already?” True Yan revealed a look of glee, laughing loudly, “Is there a need to say, of course you should breakthrough! The path of training, there’s time to be prudent and cautious, and other times to be brave and courageous, naturally this time you should push forward! Cutting past all obstructions! What’s the point of staying in the universe level for thousands of years like those seniors? Break into the domain lord level…then you’ll be competing against the domain lord level geniuses, the pressure will be higher, those are the truly valuable battles!”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Move forward!”

“You must have a heart of always pushing forward! What’s more… sector lord level is the time where your origin law comprehension will improve the fastest! Whatever you are doing now is only little stuff. The sector lord battles are the most brutal.” True Yan emperor looked at Luo Feng, “You should have finished 2 impossible level missions currently, with 1 last chance for 1 more right? What’s the difference if you miss one? If you lack points in the future…your teacher will use money to exchange for points and give you. The point rewards of an impossible level mission, isn’t worth much to me.”

Even at the highest exchange rate, 1 million points represented 1 million mixed elements.

To an absolute being like True Yan Emperor, he indeed wouldn’t care.

Didn’t Sky feather emperor just simply throw out a piece of the flame void gold?

“A heart of always looking forward?”

“I’m only doing the little stuff now?” Luo Feng realized as he smiled at his teacher on the screen, replying respectfully, “Understood, Teacher. I’ll break through to the domain lord level now!”

“Go on!”

“Go explore the starfields, that’s the true place for the strong. Always staying under the protection of the virtual universe company, you won’t ever grow.” True Yan laughed on the screen.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng nodded.


Chapter 607: The 4th Tycoon

Since the golden horned beast and the mosha clansman had broken through much earlier, and also since the golden horned beast and the earth body were both flesh and blood life forms, the evolution was almost completely similar. When Luo Feng began to go through his breakthrough, very quickly, a life core began to condense within Luo Feng’s body!

Within the life core, there lay his soul crystal and genetic energy crystal.

Of course, this life core wasn’t too important to Luo Feng.

The life core was solely for his earth body.

The life crystal was for the mosha clansman.

The internal core within his internal world, that was the true core of the three bodies!

Half a day later.

The Virtual Universe company staff stationed on black period continent immediately rushed over to Luo Feng.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, through your connection to the virtual universe network, we have discovered that you’ve already broken through to the domain lord level. According to the company’s rules, we just need to confirm it in reality.” Three black clothed staff stood before Luo Feng respectfully. Luo Feng only revealed a smile. Whether it was the consciousness induction helmet or the quantum computers, anything that was designed to connect to the virtual universe network all had body scanning abilities.

Those features were very normal, and their accuracy wasn’t exactly very high. Hence, they had to check them in reality to confirm.

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Please unleash your spirit energy and genetic energy.” The leading black clothed staff said respectfully.

“Alright.”

Luo Feng smiled and released pure spirit energy, it swept past the surrounding region before he kept it back. After which, Luo Feng extended his right arm and a glaring gold light shot out.

Di!

Di!

Di!

The device of the three black clothed staff all sounded, they all looked down at it and nodded. Luo Feng’s spirit energy and genetic energy had reached the domain lord level 1 level.

“Your majesty, please give us a drop of blood. This will let us test to confirm, whether the body has evolved.” The leading black clothed staff said.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded. A drop of blood dripped from his fingers and flew towards the staff.

Scanning the spirit energy, genetic energy and a drop of blood, these were all the most accurate way to test one’s strength.

Spirit energy can test the level of one’s soul.

Genetic energy will test the body level.

A drop of blood will determine if the body had evolved.

Of course, there was one other very accurate way to test, and that was to let a strong warrior use his spirit energy to enter Luo Feng’s body and check, whether there was a life core there! This method however was extremely humiliating and dangerous. The life core was where a person’s core was, if someone used the chance of scanning to destroy the life core, wouldn’t that genius be instantly killed?

And with that genius’s status, would he allow someone else to scan him so easily?

“The blood test has been confirmed. Your majesty’s body can undergo amplitude strengthening, and evolve to domain lord level 9.” The leading staff member smiled at Luo Feng. “Your majesty, the results of the tests have all been sent into the virtual universe network. Congratulations your majesty on breaking into the domain lord level!”

“Thanks.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Since your majesty has already been confirmed as a domain lord level, according to the rules, firstly you have one chance to go strengthen your body.” The leading staff smiled. His purple eyes were friendly, “We’ve already brought the nutrition cabin over and it’s been prepared with enough nutrition liquid, enough to strengthen you to domain lord level 9.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The Virtual Universe company was just like that. Every genius didn’t need to waste time on quantity related training. The moment he stepped into domain lord level 1, he could go straight to domain lord level 9 with the nutrition cabin!

“Hu!”

A stone grey nutrition cabin appeared before him. This seemingly ancient nutrition cabin was obviously not cheap to construct. Of course, the nutrition liquid was the true expensive thing!

“Your majesty, this nutrition cabin can only be used for one person.” The leading staff smiled and said. “Other than the nutrition cabin, there’s one other thing we need to tell you.”

Luo Feng stood and listened.

“The 2nd thing is that since you’ve reached the domain lord level, then you’ll be sent out!” The leading staff looked at Luo Feng. “According to the rules, you’ll normally be placed in your home region. Yours is the Ganwu universe country. I don’t know if your majesty is willing to return to the Ganwu universe country and be stationed there as our Virtual Universe company’s representative. If you are not willing, you can pick another universe country.”

“I’m willing to go to Ganwu universe country.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Your majesty!”

The leading purple eyed black clothed staff smiled and said, “As you are a primal region member, your position in the Ganwu department of the Virtual Universe company will be extremely high. You’ll have high authority. Hence, the decision will have to pass through the upper echelon’s meeting…after which they’ll send out an order. This process will take, quickest a month, slowest half a year.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Everything is done, we shall not disturb you further.” The purple eyed staff slightly bowed, and the two black clothed staff behind bowed respectfully as well.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

The three staff members became beams of light and flew away.

…

Luo Feng watched as the three left and sat back in his living room.

“The efficiency sure is low, just 1 order might take from 1 month to half a year.” Luo Feng shook his head and exclaimed. The bald undying that had been with him all this time, Dylan sat beside and smiled, “Your majesty, because you are a primal region member, the orders will involve the highest of people within the Ganwu department. As for the powers and authority you’ll get, the benefits will all be huge. Hence, it all has to go through a process before it comes.”

“Tell me, what position will I take?” Luo Feng was curious.

“The Ganwu department of the Virtual Universe company, under normal circumstances has three tycoons at the highest level.” Dylan said, “The Ganwu department is separated into the military side, the business side and the army. The three tycoons…watch over these three departments.”

“There’s also an army?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Under normal circumstances, these were usually only split in two, the military and business sides.

“Strictly speaking, the ganwu department of the Virtual Universe company is split into just those two.” Dylan smiled. “The military department refers to the strong warriors that are part of the Virtual Universe company’s management there, along with the geniuses that they’ve collected and nurtured in the Ganwu universe country etc, all these belong to the military side. The business side…is the businesses. There are trillions of workers, and the benefits there are huge as well.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The military and business sides were the main two sides for the Virtual Universe company, he knew this long ago.

“However…” Dylan smiled, “In the vast universe, there are trillions of races. Our humanity often goes into huge wars with the other races. Hence…in the 1,008 universe countries, there’s always a prepared universe army!”

“Universe army?” Luo Feng squinted.

“The universe army’s weakest are at least universe level.” Dylan said, “Maybe in one galaxy, a universe soldier may be extremely rare. However in the vast universe country…to build an army of over 1 hundred million universe level soldiers, 1 million sector lords, over 10,000 undyings, that is still possible.”

Luo Feng held his breath.

Over 10,000 undyings leading the super army?

“Every universe army is the most powerful and important force of each universe country.” Dylan said, “Hence the management of this army is extremely important.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Right, such a terrifying powerful army, who manages it?

“The universe army cannot be completely controlled by the universe country’s highest levels.” Dylan said, “Every country’s army is usually run by the highest management of the country itself along with the Virtual Universe company, or Huge Axe dojo department stationed there, they run it together!”

Luo Feng was shocked, “Just either the Virtual Universe company or the Huge Axe dojo?”

“Right!” Dylan nodded, “The 1,008 universe armies in the 1,008 universe countries, of which 504 are run by the Virtual Universe company and the countries while the other 504 are run by the Huge Axe dojo and the countries.”

“The Virtual Universe company and the Huge Axe dojo, looks like they are much more powerful than the other 3 leviathans.” Luo Feng was incredibly shocked.

5 leviathans.

However the other 3 leviathans, they actually couldn’t involve themselves in the 1,008 universe armies. This was obviously because their power couldn’t compare to the Virtual Universe company and Huge Axe dojo.

“Of course, we are much stronger.” Dylan smiled and nodded, “The 5 leviathans have always been led by the Virtual Universe company and the Huge Axe dojo.”

“Your hometown the Ganwu universe country is just nice within the 504 managed by the Virtual Universe company.” Dylan smiled, “Hence…the universe army there, is run by the high management or of ganwu department and their country’s upper management.”

“So!”

“The Ganwu department, other than the normal military and business side, has an army department!” Dylan smiled, “Of course… the army is run only by the management of the army department. Unlike the military and business heads, they all have absolute authority over their departments. However even so…the army is still a very strong department.

Luo Feng nodded.

Right, a super army formed from the entire force of a universe country, even if it’s just the management…the ganwu department military department was already very strong.

“The three tycoons of the ganwu department are the military head, the business head and the army head.” Dylan laughed, “To be the tycoon of one of the departments, the strength requirement is…an official level undying!”

“Three official level undyings?” Luo Feng was shocked within.

“Your majesty, of course your strength is far from theirs. However, your position and power in the company is indeed that of an official level undying.” Dylan smiled, “Hence the moment you return to the ganwu universe country…then, your position level will be equal to that of the three tycoons.”

“Hence…your majesty, you will become the Ganwu department’s 4th tycoon!” Dylan looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng held his breath as he heard.

The ganwu department, it had a huge power within the universe country, even the most important army had huge authority. Even the mighty Ganwu universe country leader, he too had to submit to the Virtual Universe company. Naturally, the strength of the ganwu department was absurd.

“The 4th tycoon? But there’s only three departments in the Ganwu department.” Luo Feng was curious.


Chapter 608: God Country

Three departments, governed by three tycoons.

What would the 4th do?

“Looks like your majesty has yet to gather detailed information about this.” Dylan laughed.

Luo feng shook his head.

Hong’s problem was the main reason he had decided to breakthrough to domain lord level early. Hence, he hadn’t found the time to actually go gather information and do other preparations for this new mission.

“Primal region members who are sent out usually get the position of supervising envoys.” Dylan said. “Their positions are similar in level to the three tycoons.”

“What does the supervising envoy do?” Luo Feng was curious. “Is it simply a name, without any real power?”

Having real power was very important.

Just the high position alone without any real power was completely useless. Even back on earth, Luo Feng knew of all these antics.

“Of course there’s real power.” Dylan said. “And it’s huge.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng listened intently.

“The ganwu department of our Virtual Universe company represents the company in governing many of the universe country matters. Even the undyings of the Ganwu Universe country have to passionately treat the three tycoons well. If that is the case, imagine just how shockingly powerful these three are?” Dylan exclaimed. “And because of their incredible power and influence, even undyings would have a certain amount of greed and ambition. As time went by, due to their greed and ambition, they would start to do certain things that would harm the Virtual Universe company’s benefits. This was also very normal.”

Luo Feng nodded.

It was indeed that way, as power corrupted people. What’s more, it was their power and greed against an entire universe country.

“Hence, the supervisory envoy is as the name had indicated, it’s first foremost, a supervisor.” Dylan smiled. “He can supervise the three tycoons. The moment he discovers any tricks or antics, he can immediately report to the headquarters of the company! Haha…no matter how powerful the person is, he cannot deal with a full audit. What’s more, if there’s really is something going on…all the more reason for them to not dare and mess with you.”

“The three tycoons will naturally come and treat you well, and they wouldn’t dare mess with you in any way.” Dylan laughed. “The moment you become a sector lord and your envoy mission naturally ends, only then would they relax again.”

“Afterall, the number of primal region domain lords are simply too few. Probably one in over tens of thousands of years or even more, only then would they get a supervisor envoy arriving in the Ganwu universe country.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Supervisor envoy?

This was akin to the headquarters going in to supervise, the power was naturally huge.

“That’s the most basic power of the supervisor envoy.” Dylan laughed, “Other than the nurturing angle, the Virtual Universe company would also arrange for other matters for you to do. There are also a few things that, once completed, will give you point rewards.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

Domain lord and sector lord level geniuses also had pathways to acquire points. Only that it wasn’t as simple as universe level, not as easy.

The news of Luo Feng becoming domain lord level quickly spread throughout Yu Xiang mountain.

Yu Xian mountain, as the gathering place of the Virtual Universe company’s most pinnacle geniuses, they all eyed the primal region. Hence, when Luo Feng made it into the primal region through the qualification battles that year, the geniuses all knew naturally, and they were all shocked too, as this Luo Feng actually made it into the primal region in his 1st qualification battles, that was crazy!

Who’d have thought…

That after only a decade or so, he actually broke through to domain lord level and was sent out.

“Has Luo Feng lost it completely? From our primal region geniuses, 90% of them can break through to domain lord level at any time too. However, who would be as crazy as him?”

“Universe level geniuses and domain lord level geniuses have too much of a difference in power. I heard the absolute beginning region domain lord level’s weakest genius passed at least the 8th level of the heavenly bridge, and the primal region’s 10 weakest members have all passed the 10th level!”

“Even the strongest Fei Tuo of the universe level geniuses, thrown in amongst the domain lord level, could barely stay within the absolute beginning region. Has this Luo Feng gone mad?”

“Who knows!”

…

Within a booth of the Banyan tree bar in the public region.

The top 10 of the genius battle that year had all gathered here, it was mainly to send Luo feng off. Whether it was Rong Jun or Bolan, they all naturally knew that Luo Feng had broken through to the domain lord level and they were all stunned.

“Madman, we’ve known each other for so many years. I’ve always thought you were crazy, however this time, it’s even more crazy than what I expected.” Rong Jun lifted his wine glass, “No matter how much of a genius, they would normally stay in the universe level for over a thousand years before breaking through. Many of them stay for thousands of years. However you…For your madness, madman, let me toast you.”

“Haha, Savage, come, let’s drink.” Luo Feng lifted his wine glass too.

Pa!

The two of them raised their glasses to toast and downed their drinks.

“Madman!” Wuka stood up and laughed. “The universe level geniuses all usually stay in that level for thousands of years. The domain lord level geniuses stay their places for tens of thousands of years. Hence, the domain lord members of the absolute beginning region, their weakest have also passed the 8th level of the heavenly bridge. The lowest in the primal region have passed the 10th level!”

“This I know!”

Luo Feng laughed, “Among the 100 absolute beginning domain lords, 39 have passed the 8th level and 58 have passed the 9th, 3 have passed the 10th!”

“Among the 10 domain lords in the primal region, 9 have passed the 10th and 1 has passed the 11th, am I right?”

Wuka was stunned.

The others in the booth all went silent. According to what they knew, Luo Feng had only passed the 7th level currently. The difference with the domain lord level absolute beginning members was quite huge, much less the primal region members.

“What’s there to be afraid of? The domain lord level qualification battles are held once every 1,000 years, there’s still a few hundred years to the next one.” Luo Feng laughed. “A few hundred years later, my strength would have risen.”

Bolan who had been silent all this time raised his head suddenly, his voice cold, “You have a guarantee of passing the 10th level in a few hundred years?”

Luo Feng was silent for awhile.

Every 3 levels was a barrier for the heavenly bridge, 1-3, 4-6, 7-9, 10-12…

Hence, the jump from the 9th to the 10th level was a huge difference.

The absolute geniuses trained for tens of thousands of years. That’s how many Genius battles and Hero battles. They took that long to pass the 10th level, and yet there were only about 10 of them. And these 10, they were all the most exceptional of their genius competitions, or hero competitions, or pinnacle geniuses nurtured from within the Virtual Universe company.

They were all impressive.

Yet they still spent over ten thousands years to pass the 10th level!

The 9th to the 10th, it could be simply said…is harder than the 1st to the 9th combined!

“You have a guarantee?” Bolan stared at Luo Feng and asked again.

“Haha.” Luo Feng laughed, “At least…I have the courage to go at it! What’s more, who knows what will happen in the future?”

The group around the table were all silent.

They all felt Luo Feng’s heart of endless possibilities, always looking forward! It was this belief…one of never backing down! Even though they understood it, however they all never learnt this from him, because Luo Feng broke through with his primal region universe level identity, and none of them had the ability to enter the primal region.

Primal region, Black period continent.

“Your majesty, don’t worry.” Dylan looked at Luo Feng.

“Don’t worry?” Luo Feng frowned, “The primal region is simply too far from the Ganwu universe country. Even if I sit in a universe ship that reaches 50 times light speed, it would require over a year. Over a year of time, I’m very worried about my big brother’s problem. However, over this year, who knows what can happen? Unless I go trouble my teacher.”

“Your majesty, unless there’s simply no other way, it’s better not to bother the ancestor.” The bald Dylan said.

“Of course I understand that.” Luo Feng frowned, “However the flight time.”

“Your majesty.”

The bald man smiled, “I’ve said before, you needn’t worry. In the universe, other than relying on universe ships, there is one other faster way to reach the Ganwu universe country!”

“Ah?” Luo Feng was shocked, “What other way!”

“Your majesty should have been to the primal chaos city right.” The bald man smiled.

Luo Feng nodded.

“Primal chaos city is within the primal universe. And the primal universe compared to our ancient actual universe…their distance is extremely close. Yet, no matter how close, it’s still much further than us going to the Ganwu universe country.” The bald man said, “However back then when you went to the primal universe, wasn’t it extremely fast?”

Luo Feng nodded, “Very fast indeed, because we used the universe pathways.”

Luo Feng clearly remembered back then, that they sat in 9 blade knight’s ship, flying to the primal universe through the universe pathways. Within that pathway…the time flow was irregular, making it uncomfortable for the many geniuses.

“Right, universe pathways!” The bald man nodded, “And not just so, and for people like your majesty who lives in the Black Dragon Mountain empire, that empire is supported by the sacred land Black Dragon Mountain, and that sacred land…is in truth a god country. And there’s a pathway fixed to head to the sacred land Black Dragon Mountain.”

Luo Feng nodded, this is something he knew too.

“And the god countries are all weaved in between the universe space itself.” The bald man Dylan smiled. “Those pathways linking the god country to the real universe, those are all pathways.

“Whether it’s the space pathway in a god country or the higher level primal universe pathways, they are all transportation routes.” Dylan smiled. “It makes the originally hundred million light year distance, with the pathways, we can instantly get there.”

“These are all fixed space pathways!”

Dylan exclaimed, “Any fixed pathway, the further the distance between the places they link, the higher the price of construction. Even if it’s a close by fixed pathway, one would have to pay tens of thousands of mixed elements! A few others that go further, may go up to millions to tens of millions of mixed elements to construct one there.

Luo Feng was shocked.

The price of the fixed pathways was indeed huge.

“Other than using the fixed pathways.” Dylan smiled, “The god countries can actually do a one time transfer.”

“While i’m in the god country, as long as I had left a marker anywhere else in the universe before, I can instantly transfer over there through space, as a one time transfer.” Dylan exclaimed. “These sort of transfers have smaller fees. However…every time you do it, you have to make a pathway through space, and according to the distance, the price will be different.”

“From here to my god country, I have to create a pathway once, that would take about 3 mixed elements in resources. From my god country, creating a pathway to the Ganwu Universe country, that would take about 5 mixed elements.” Dylan said.

Luo Feng was shocked.

Making a transfer through the god country just once required about 8 mixed elements?

Many undyings didn’t even have wealth up to 10,000 mixed elements, even his own teacher wouldn’t bear to go through this transfer.

“Creating a pathway over an extra long distance will have larger usage of energy. Hence even the undyings are more used to using universe ships.” Dylan said. “Unless it’s an incredibly urgent matter, or fleeing etc, only then would they choose to use this instant travel back into their god country. Or using their god country to travel to another place!”

Luo Feng was shocked within.

The god country was a good half of an undying’s life, it was an incredibly mysterious existence with special energy within.

“No wonder they made fixed pathway towards the primal universe. Otherwise creating a pathway everytime there and back, the price was something even the Virtual Universe company would feel the pinch.” Luo Feng exclaimed within. To save time on his trip back to the Ganwu Universe country, it would take a huge amount of resources.


Chapter 609: Heading to The Ganwu Universe Country

The primal region was one of the most ancient universe secret regions and it was incredibly vast.

On black period continent.

The group of palaces went on continuously, as it was impossible to see it end to end. The many generations of primal region geniuses all stayed here. The control center of the entire black period continent was a 66 storey completely black tower. Even the lowest level alone was over 1,000km in length and width, and its height reaching 10,000 km.

This tower controlled the space all around.

Within the 45th level of the tower, there lay a blur of delicate equipment, screens etc, and around them were many silver clothed staff and very few black clothed staff. The enormous screens floating about the hall above suddenly all lit up.

“I want to take a universe ship and leave the primal region towards the Ganwu universe country.” A voice suddenly resounded throughout the entire hall.

Immediately the black clothed staff in the hall all looked up. There, a silhouette was on the screen, it was the silver armored black haired youth.

“It’s his majesty Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng wants to head out immediately to the Ganwu universe country? The order hasn’t been sent out right?”

“The distance from here to the Ganwu universe country is quite far. Even the most exceptional F grade universe ship would still require 1 to 2 years to reach. The longest the order would take to come is probably half a year. It’s not strange for him to depart now.”

The group of black clothed staff all discussed softly.

One of the black clothed staff walked to the control board and pressed a button, replying respectfully, “Your majesty Luo Feng, your request has been sent to the control system. Once it’s authorized, it’ll go through immediately.”

…

Black period continent, in the air above Luo Feng’s palace, a completely black flat universe ship floated about.

Within the universe ship.

“Dylan, your ship is really not bad. This is a F grade universe ship. I heard that even many undyings are unable to construct an F grade ship like that.” Luo Feng sat on the sofa in the control room, looking around and smiling as he complimented.

“This Yan Asterisk ship was a reward from my teacher after I completed a great work.” Dylan sat in the sofa beside.

“Reward?” Luo Feng was completely shocked.

His 3rd senior was indeed generous. This ship was only slightly below his Yun Mo Planet ship, however, it was still ultimately an F grade ship.

Di!

“Master, we’ve already acquired the authorization, we can leave immediately.” A cute girl image appeared on the screen above the control board, her voice was clean and crisp.

“Let’s depart!” Dylan ordered.

“Yes!”

The ship immediately activated and swiftly flew into the skies, becoming a blur and swiftly flying towards space. As it flew to the side of the black period space…immediately the space about rippled and the ship pierced right through the ripple.

…

Half a day later.

Within the space, the Yan Asterisk ship was like a huge flat fish swimming in space.

“Your majesty, we’ve already left the primal region.” Dylan smiled. “The primal region is the core of the Virtual Universe company. I didn’t dare begin my god country transfer there, but it’s possible now.”

“Sorry to trouble you.” Luo Feng stood right up.

His face was filled with anticipation as he looked out at the vast space, he had never seen or experienced this god country transfer.

“It’ll be quick!”

The black robed bald Dylan stood up beside him, as strong ripples began to generate from his origin law energies. His eyes looked at the endless space around. Suddenly, an incredibly glaring light lit up from his body, immediately spreading throughout and covering kilometers of space outside.

Ang!

The entire universe ship was engulfed in this blinding light.

“This is!” Luo Feng who was also engulfed in the blinding light was shocked as he stared wide eyed. He could faintly see a golden palace through the blinding light. “Is that the god country?”

Xiu!

The entire ship instantly followed the light pathway and swiftly entered the god country.

…

The god country transfer was kind of similar to a far distance teleportation! However this level of teleportation wasn’t the kind after one comprehended the origin laws and used the space law to teleport. Rather, it was the special energy the god countries had within, an ability that is there the moment one produces a god country.

The Yan Asterisk was completely engulfed in the blinding light and instantly vanished from that original space.

Within the undying Dylan’s god country.

“Wa!” Luo Feng stood within the control room. Through the external simulation, he could see the beautiful god country outside.

That jade blue color was like an endless ocean outside, there were ripples above the ocean. In the air above the endless blue…floated a golden palace that was almost like star, it glowed and lit up the entire god country.

“This is my god country.” Dylan stood beside Luo Feng and smiled. “How beautiful and majestic.” Luo Feng looked at the distant gold shrine that lit up the entire god country ocean.

“Your majesty, the god country is an unyding’s most important place.” Dylan stood beside and warned Luo Feng. “That’s why one must never ever bring enemies with threats into the god country. The moment they invade the god country, that would truly be a battle to the death. Once the god country crumbles…even if the undying manages to somehow survive, he would have no more future forever.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Also, the god country space transfer has to be sent to a very secure location where there’s no other undyings around in the area.” Dylan said. “Because, the moment we begin the transfer, it would reveal the location of the god country. If other undyings discover where your god country is, that’d be a nightmare.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

The god country was akin to one’s core.

It was extremely important.

One must never reveal it to others! This time, Dylan had brought Luo Feng and his guards all into his god country. However, as there were no other undyings in the guard team…they weren’t any threat to Dylan.

“Then shall we head to the Ganwu universe country now?” Dylan looked at Luo Feng.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Dylan’s body began to emit powerful law energies, simultaneously the golden palace suddenly lit up and gleamed brightly, condensing into a light pillar.

Rumble!

The light pillar rushed into the skies!

And the universe ship swiftly flew towards the pillar, flying straight into the pillar and vanishing within it.

Sou!

The super long distance teleportation was complete, the glaring light pillar vanished.

…

Within an unnamed mineral planet in the Ganwu universe country region, a glaring beam of light appeared and a flat ship appeared from that light.

“Your majesty, we are currently in the Ganwu universe country’s Roc stone star field.” In the control room, Dylan stood beside Luo Feng and smiled. “I left some of my undying energy here before. Hence, no matter how far the distance is, I am able to feel this energy through my god country…and directly teleport via my god country.”

“You have to leave undying energy to be able to do the teleport?” Luo Feng asked curiously.

“Yes.” Dylan nodded. “I have to confirm the destination to do the transfer! And every undying’s energy is unique…they are all unique to every individual. Hence, it can be used to make a marker.”

Luo Feng nodded.

An undying’s energy was unique to every one, they all were slightly different from each other.

“According to what you said, in order to use the god country to teleport, that place has to have some specially left items?” Luo Feng frowned. “That also means…you’ve been to these places before.”

“Right.”

Dylan laughed, “For example, places I’ve never been to before, I naturally cannot teleport there.”

“How far is this planet from Jade dome planet?” Luo Feng asked.

“This marker position, is the closest to Jade Dome planet of many that I’ve left about.” Dylan said. “If we enter universe transfer from here and head over with 50 times light speed in the dark universe. It’ll take about 12 days.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng nodded.

12 days.

Taking 12 days to travel in the vast universe was indeed an extremely short amount of time.

“Let’s depart.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Yes.” Dylan nodded.

Luo Feng returned to his resting quarters. This was a cabin Dylan specially arranged for him, and it was extremely luxurious. With just a wave, Luo Feng retrieved the nutrition cabin from his space ring and planted in on the ground.

“I haven’t found the time to use the nutrition cabin.” Luo Feng looked at the nutrition liquid within and thought. “For my earth body to rise from domain lord level 1 to domain lord level 9, it’ll probably take half a year of time. Hm…and I’ve been busy with working on Big brother’s problem, I can only occasionally use the nutrition cabin.”

Hua!

The nutrition cabin automatically opened after it confirmed Luo Feng’s identity.

After which, Luo Feng stepped in naked and lay in the ice cold valuable nutrition liquid, its rich and endless special energy immediately began to seep into his skin, his muscles, his organs… beginning to swiftly change his body.

…

12 days later.

After Dylan woke up Luo Feng, he called him over to the control room.

“Your majesty!” 10 sector lord level guards bowed respectfully.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded. Throughout this journey, the sector lord, domain lord and universe level guards all stayed within the universe ship. Only now, after they arrived at the destination did the 10 sector lords come out from their cabins.

Dylan smiled and pointed at the space outside, “Your majesty, look, that’s Jade dome planet.”

Luo Feng looked from the control room. There lay an incredibly glaring planet in the distant space, it was completely jade green on the outer surface.

“Your majesty, Jade Dome planet is one of the nine, 1st class administrative planets. As the Ganwu universe country’s territory is simply too vast, hence they use this 1st class administrative planets to govern different regions, and Jade Dome planet is the center of 1,000 star fields around here.” Dylan smiled and explained. “And the planet itself was specially constructed within the god country, it wasn’t naturally formed. The entire planet has a diameter of 980km, about the size of a normal planet.”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng smiled, “There’s a Universe galaxy bank on Jade Dome planet right.”

“Of course.” Dylan nodded.

“In a moment I’ll transfer funds within the universe galaxy bank and return that 8 mixed elements to you.” Luo Feng smiled.

Universe galaxy bank…

It was time for him to retrieve the inheritance his teacher left for him.


Chapter 610: Teacher’s Inheritance

Undyings usually had to do risky missions in order to earn large amounts of wealth.

For ,many normal undyings, with life spans over hundreds of millions of years, their wealth could range up to 10,000 mixed elements. On average they wouldn’t even earn 1 mixed element every 10,000 years. This was also why the undyings would rather use their universe ships to travel about and not use their god country teleportation.

Even the emperor level undyings, were used to using universe ships.

Because…

The amount of wealth used for the god country transfer was simply too shocking. And to these undyings, using a few years to travel didn’t mean anything. They would simply immerse themselves in their law studies, and when they finally open their eyes, a few years would have already passed.

“Your majesty, that’s unnecessary.” Dylan said.

“No, I insist. The only reason we could reach Jade Dome planet this quickly was because of the god country transfer! And the god country transfer uses so much resources…how can I let you foot the entire bill?” Luo Feng laughed. Looking at the distant beautiful planet in the space…Jade Dome planet, “Jade Dome planet’s color is very similar to my home.”

“Your majesty’s home?” Dylan looked at Luo Feng.

“Hm!”

Luo Feng nodded.

Earth, it had already been over 200 years since he returned…

…

When the F grade universe ship drew close to Jade Dome planet’s atmosphere, Luo Feng and the entire group of guards all hustled as they flew out of the cabin door.

“Hu!” Dylan waved and the F grade universe ship vanished from mid air.

“Let’s go to Jade Dome planet!”

Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes your majesty!”

An undying, 10 sector lords, 100 domain lords and 1,000 universe level soldiers, the guard team immediately replied in unison and immediately surrounded Luo Feng, becoming a beautiful beam of light flying towards the planet. They swiftly broke through the atmosphere and entered.

In an instant.

Luo Feng could see the incredibly majestic ancient city, the many ancient cities…from above didn’t seem technological at all.

“Your majesty, As the center of 1,000 star fields, one of the 9 Ganwu universe country’s 1st class administrative planets, countless sector lord families and even undying families have sections here.” Dylan looked down below at the ancient city towards which they were drawing closer. “Hence, the strong are numerous like the clouds on Jade Dome planet, even sector lord warriors have to remain low profile.”

Luo Feng nodded.

There were so many undyings on Ganwu universe country. Hence, there would probably be many of them on Jade Dome planet as well.

“Let’s enter the city!” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes!”

Under Luo Feng’s leadership, this team of over a 1,000 immediately landed and entered the city.

Jade dome planet, the management of this Xiang Shui city was strict amongst the 108 cities. Even the disciples from big families or sector lords from other starfields had to follow the rules. From the moment they enter the city, they were forbidden from flying and landing within. Those that dared to do so were definitely the upper echelons of the Ganwu universe country.

And within this city, flying was forbidden too!

“Look!”

“That group of people actually flew in.”

Within a wide pathway that was a few hundred meters long, their appearances were all varied. The high status residents of Jade dome planet all looked up with shock as they saw the black blur of the group landing from above. That group almost looked like a black cloud descending, especially the world energies that they emitted.

Some burning while others ice cold, or heavy like mountains…

The energy that the 10 sector lords naturally emitted shocked the people below. Even though it wasn’t rare to see sector lords in Jade Dome planet, they were still powerful and respected beings! After all, the higher up undyings were too lazy to show themselves and only appeared once every 10,000 years or so. Hence, the sector lords were the strongest the residents here normally saw.

10 sector lords!

And all recognized by their laws?

Even in an entire starfield, it was hard to get 10 sector lords all recognized by their laws!

“Let’s go!” Luo Feng ordered and the group swiftly became a blur and left.

“Who are those people?”

“10 sector lords? Where’s he from?”

The many residents in the streets all exchanged glances, as they were completely shocked. Any single sector lord was enough to build a strong family here, and 10 of them were actually following one person?

“That silver armored black haired youth, is he an important core member of one of the 300 Emperor Official families?”

“He would have to be the most pampered one too. Otherwise, how would he get 10 sector lords to follow him.”

“I’m sure I didn’t see wrongly before. Among the over 1,000 people, the weakest were universe levels!”

The many residents in the streets all discussed.

They all thought Luo Feng should be one of the most important core members of the pinnacle families in the Ganwu universe country. Otherwise, his entourage wouldn’t be so huge. Even in the 1st class administrative planet Jade Dome planet, it was rare to see such a scene.

…

Luo Feng and his big group entered a particular Xiang Shui city’s luxurious villa, it was called Swallow mountain villa.

“The costs here in Xiang Shui city are really high. Just a villa like this, my purchase in the virtual universe network costs 2 billion universe dollars.” Luo Feng laughed and said. “Buying a small galaxy would only cost about 100 billion universe dollars. Those without capital really cannot buy a large villa here on this planet.”

“Haha, it is rather expensive.”

“However, to your majesty, this shouldn’t mean anything.”

“If your majesty decides to go public, the Ganwu universe country has long prepared everything for you, there’s no need for you to buy this villa.”

“I like to remain low profile, understand?”

The 10 sector lords smiled and agreed.

Luo Feng smiled and nodded as he ordered, “Alright, this villa will be our living quarters on Jade dome planet. Dylan, follow me out, the rest can stay here for awhile.”

“Yes your majesty!”

Over 1,000 guards all replied.

Luo Feng nodded.

“Let’s go Dylan.” Luo Feng headed out. “Follow me to the Universe galaxy bank.”

“Yes.” Dylan nodded.

Every one of the 108 cities in Jade Dome planet had a Universe galaxy bank. Afterall, those living on this planet…were extremely wealthy and people with status. Even the most normal living quarters on the planet was enough to buy an entire life planet in a few galaxies.

The royalty of those basic level civilizations put here would be considered lower class.

For the universe galaxy bank to build 108 buildings here wasn’t strange at all.

…

“Universe galaxy bank.” Luo Feng looked at the distant huge silver skyscraper, the very artistic construct was surrounded by kilometers of grass fields about, on it many people from other starfields could be seen discussing.

“I wonder how much money there is in the account teacher left me.” Luo Feng thought. “Afterall, teacher had spent a huge amount on the Yun Mo planet ship and the cloud contact vine. However for his level of power, an official level of undying, his wealth should be plenty.”

While he thought within.

Luo Feng continued to head forward, quickly reaching the main entrance of the silver skyscraper with Dylan.

“Respected guest, the universe galaxy bank welcomes you!” A robot standing beside the entrance said respectfully. That voice was infused with a simple soul effect, making those that hear it feel incredibly comforted.

Within the huge hall, a group was sitting. They all took turns to head to the reception to go about their business.

Luo Feng and Dylan stood there silently.

Chi!

The bank’s AI system scanned Luo Feng and Dylan, according to their life energies, it swiftly confirmed their identities. As one of the 5 leviathans of humanity, the universe galaxy bank had within its database the information of life energies for the primal region member Luo Feng and the undying Dylan.

Luo Feng and Dylan had extremely high statuses!

Even the department chief of this branch didn’t have the authority to assist them here.

“Will the two of you please follow me.” A beautiful green clothed lady walked out of the reception desk from the side and said respectfully to Luo Feng and Dylan.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng and Dylan followed that green clothed lady and sat on the cloud elevator, quickly reaching the bank’s 9th level hall.

“Two guests.” The lady smiled and said. “As both of your statuses are extremely high, there’s no one here in our branch with enough authority to assist you. Hence…you two can only interact with our Galaxy bank’s AI system.”

Luo Feng and Dylan nodded.

This was in consideration of secrecy and privacy. The higher one’s status was, the more certain exchanges had to remain secret.

“Dylan, you can stay here, I’ll enter.” Luo Feng said.

“Yes.” Dylan nodded.

Hua!

The glass door of the large hall automatically opened and Luo Feng entered, and that door closed automatically behind him. Even though it was a simple glass door…however whether it was spirit energy or genetic energy etc, none of their scanning signals had the ability to penetrate this special glass.

Within the glass door.

“Respected guest, how do you do.” An incredibly beautiful lady with a red furry tail slightly bowed.

“How do you do? I’ here to retrieve money.” Luo Feng nodded. With one look he could instantly tell this lady was actually a robot, only it had a layer of skin on its outside.

“Please enter your account number.” The robot lady smiled.

“8492——8593——woxh——8528——5285——032.”Luo Feng swiftly reported.

“I need to check your spirit energy.” The robot lady extended her right hand. “Please raise your spirit energy to sweep my right hand.”

Luo Feng nodded.

A thread of spirit energy swiftly swept across the right hand of the lady. As his teacher’s inheritance had to be collected by a disciple of the Yun mo planet, hence this spirit energy scan was incredibly important.

“The scan is compatible, please enter the 3 layer 4 wave code.” The lady continued.

Luo Feng swiftly entered the incredibly complex codes and simultaneously stared at the lady in the screen before him.

Di!

“Passcode accepted.” The lady smiled.

Luo Feng ordered, “Balance check.”

At this time, Luo Feng was incredibly nervous. The account that his teacher left for him…just how much was in it?

The screen flashed and numbers appeared…”Balance: 3,122,810 mixed elements.”


Chapter 611: Cloud Contact Vine’s Evolution

Looking at the balance, Luo Feng couldn’t help but smile.

His teacher Hu Yan Bo had indeed left for him an incredibly large amount of wealth, a total of about 3.12 million mixed elements! What a terrifying level of wealth…enough to buy a few star fields! Of course now that Luo Feng’s level of status was different, he was excited but not mad at this level of wealth.

As Luo Feng had on him the Yun Mo planet ship, close to 10,000 blood river crystals, flame void gold, the 100 purple net leaf, and the Luo Fu Qi board, these were all treasures that were worth up to a million mixed elements!

Of course these were items that he couldn’t bear to sell and couldn’t be exchanged for with cash. Hence, even the 8 mixed elements that were used for the god country transfer, Luo Feng couldn’t fork out at the time!

And the reason he couldn’t retrieve it was because part of his money was invested in the Ping Hai company. Secondly it was because the other part of it was used to buy the required metals for the golden horned beast to evolve.

“Cash!”

“Having cash truly feels different.” Luo Feng looked at the balance on the screen and smiled. “Over 3 million mixed elements in cash! Whether it’s fixing the Yun Mo planet ship or letting the cloud contact vine evolve to sector lord level, there shouldn’t be any problem anymore.”

“Transfer!”

Luo feng ordered, “Transfer all to the account linked to my spirit energy imprint.”

“Alright.” The robot lady smiled and nodded.

“Transfer was successful, Mr Luo Feng.” The robot lady smiled. “There’s another linked account in here with 3 mixed elements, will you transfer that too?”

“Linked account?” Luo Feng was stunned.

Right.

His teacher had died on earth back then. Before he died, he swiftly set up the bank accounts via the virtual universe network, with 2 linked accounts. One for the star level and another for the universe level. And the domain lord level was the time when one could retrieve the rest of everything.

“There’s actually another 3 mixed elements?” Luo Feng exclaimed.

His teacher was truly generous.

10 billion Ganwu dollars for the star level account, that was akin to a universe level warrior’s wealth.

3 mixed elements in the universe level account, that was akin to a normal sector lord’s wealth.

3.12 million mixed elements for the domain lord account, that was the rest of his teacher’s wealth.

“Transfer!” Luo Feng nodded.

“Alright.” The robot lady swiftly transferred and placed everything within the account linked to Luo Feng’s spirit energy. This spirit energy imprint account was the safest of accounts…even in the vast universe, as long as a life form had a spirit energy imprint, there was no other life form with the same imprint.

Hua!

The glass door opened and Luo Feng walked out.

“Your majesty.” Dylan looked at Luo Feng.

“I just transferred 8 mixed elements to your account, did you receive it?” Luo Feng looked at Dylan.

“I’ve received it.” Dylan nodded and felt somewhat helpless within.

Dylan, he was the highest level of guard captains. His true battle ability was close or even comparable to an official level undying, and his wealth was definitely plenty. Even though it was still a little pinch having to spend 8 mixed elements for the transfer. However…Luo Feng was after all his ancestor’s disciple, spending a little for him was worth it.

From his perspective.

Even though Luo Feng’s status was higher than his, he was after all still only a domain lord level genius. How much wealth could he have, could it compare to an undying like himself? However Luo Feng insisted on returning the funds, naturally he couldn’t reject it.

“This Luo Feng truly has backbone, he doesn’t easily owe others favors.” Dylan thought.

“Let’s go back.” Luo Feng smiled.

After receiving over 3 million mixed elements cash, Luo Feng’s mood was exceptionally good.

“Yes your majesty!”

Dylan followed Luo Feng and they left the universe galaxy bank, returning to his newly bought Swallow mountain villa.

…

Swallow mountain villa, within a resting room, Luo Feng sat cross legged, a thread of consciousness swiftly connected to the virtual universe network.

…

virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain, primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

Within the study.

“Haha, Luo Feng. Your teacher left you quite a bit right.” Babata shouted on his shoulder.

Luo Feng sat before his laptop and opened a mail on the screen. It was from the universe galaxy bank, the details were congratulating Luo Feng on becoming a universe galaxy bank 4 star client.

“4 star client?”

Luo Feng looked at the mail and laughed. “Babata, I remember the requirement for a 3 star client was 10 mixed elements. This mail says that the requirement for a 4 star client is 10k mixed elements. What about a 5 star?”

“The 5 star client requirement is 10 million mixed elements.” Babata laughed. “Even your teacher…he only exceeded that amount when he had the most money. However after that he spent 6.2 million on the cloud contact vine and luckily helped it break through to undying! With the undying level cloud contact vine accompanying your teacher…the two combined, even an official level undying would find it extremely hard to kill him. It was a pity he met with an undying almost emperor level and also proficient in soul techniques.”

Luo Feng nodded.

10,000 mixed elements allowed one to be a 4 star client. But, it took 10 million to become a 5 star.

His own bank account only had over 3 million mixed elements, naturally he was considered a 4 star client.

“However, Luo Feng, normal undyings’s wealth usually lies around the 10,000 mixed elements range.” Babata said. “The weaker and poorer undyings don’t even have up to 1,000 mixed elements. And the official level undyings…normally their wealth is only about 10 million mixed elements. And I’m referring to all their wealth, not cash!”

Luo Feng nodded.

The strong would have long turned their wealth into strength, like his teacher Hu Yan Bo spending huge amounts of his cash on the cloud contact vine. When it reached undying level, it gave him an extremely powerful assistant.

It was a pity…

This combo still fell in the end.

“My wealth all added together should be about 10 million mixed elements.” Luo Feng thought, “Flame void gold, purple 100 net leaf, Luo Fu Qi board, the 3 added together should be about 5 million mixed elements. The Yun Mo planet ship should be worth about over 3 million mixed elements. Of course, the most valuable of the lot… blood river crystals!”

He had close to 10,000 blood river crystals. Simply exchanging them with the Virtual Universe company would get him up to a million points!

And as they were extremely valuable, with the Virtual Universe company monopolizing them, the true worth of the blood river crystals definitely exceeded the million points. Hence, they were his most prized possessions.

“My teacher’s wealth! Plus the encounters I’ve had over my missions, they actually add up so much to my wealth.” Luo Feng exclaimed as he thought. “Of course, compared to my other teacher True Yan emperor, my wealth doesn’t even mean anything. True Yan could easily throw out up to 1 million mixed elements.”

Different positions, naturally their wealths were different.

An emperor level undying was much stronger than an official level undying!

And the most pinnacle of emperor levels, True Yan emperor who was close to becoming a universe country leader! His wealth was naturally even more shocking. However, as a teacher…he had a large amount of disciples, he would only occasionally help out a little. He couldn’t simply hand over his wealth to any particular one.

Unless it was like Hu Yan Bo, who’s successors all died, finally having to pass it to the only disciple from another generation, Luo Feng.

…

Luo Feng sat at his desk and swiftly tapped through the screen of his laptop, buying a few valuable items that would help his cloud contact vine break through to the sector lord level. To buy items in the virtual universe, he could use his points to exchange or use his cash. For example, when he bought the metals for the golden horned beast earlier, they were all paid for in cash!

“Hm?”

Luo Feng looked shocked at the screen.

On it, three choices appeared, to evolve a cloud contact vine from domain lord level 9 to sector lord:

1. Normal evolution, time required 3 years, requires 11,800 mixed elements

2. Normal evolution, time required 1 month, 19,200 mixed elements required

3. Super evolution, time required, 3-6 months, priced at 32,000 mixed elements, 56,000 mixed elements and 85,000 mixed elements.

“Super evolution?” Luo Feng frowned.

He gently opened the three choices and their detailed information.

The different paths of evolution for the cloud contact vine had great differences in its power. From the number of vines one could deduce the level of evolution.

Sector lord cloud contact vine, it’s minimum could have 36 vines, this was with the weakest evolution.

The highest it could have was 360, this could be achieved with the best nurturing.

“My cloud contact vine is currently domain lord level 9, with 108 vines…” Luo Feng looked at the super evolution information. It was split into 3 combinations of valuable items. The prices ranged from 32,000 to 85,000 mixed elements. “According to the calculations, if I use the best option of the super evolution, my cloud contact vine should be able to reach 216 vines.”

Luo Feng frowned as he looked.

His cloud contact vine could at most reach 216 vines?

“Babata, what’s going on?” Luo Feng frowned.

“For a sector lord cloud contact vine to have 360 vines, that’s the legendary peak of evolution limits.” Babata said casually, “From day 1, the nurturing would be incredibly expensive, for it to reach sector lord level…1 would have to use close to 1 million mixed elements.”

“Close to 1 million mixed elements, teacher had that kind of money right.” Luo Feng pondered.

“Also!”

Babata snorted, “The higher the level of evolution of the vine, the harder it would be for it to breakthrough to undying level. Your teacher’s vine back then only had 108 vines at the sector lord level… but it still took 6.2 million mixed elements for it to by chance, and with a bit of luck breakthrough to the undying level. As for the perfect form cloud contact vine…the more perfect it is, the more the universe is jealous of it. For it to become undying is truly too hard!”

Luo Feng nodded.

“However, Luo Feng, with your resources, circumstances, background, and the future prospects, you will be much stronger than your lone wolf teacher. You can pick the best super evolution now.” Babata said, “Sector lord level, to evolve to have 216 vines…it may be very hard to breakthrough to undying level in the future, but with you around, maybe…maybe it can still succeed.”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng didn’t hesitate, gently tapping and choosing the best super evolution option with the combination of items.

Facing the future, Luo Feng was filled with confidence.

If he didn’t become undying, so be it, but should he actually breakthrough…he aimed to be an absolute warrior amongst them. At least an official level, and later on an emperor level! Hence he required the best assisting cloud contact vine that needed to be just as strong!

“85,000 mixed elements, gone like that.” Luo Feng shook his head and laughed, “Hm, I’ll let the Virtual Universe company help in repairing the Yu Mo Planet ship!”

“Luo Feng, I recommend you…to not only repair the ship, but also let the Virtual Universe company’s staff alter and improve the ship’s internal parts to raise its performance. In terms of technology…the Virtual Universe company is humanity’s strongest, if they improve the ship, its performance will definitely be intrepid.”


Chapter 612: Solid Engravings

“Your majesty Luo Feng, please collect all your required detailed parameters, pictures and information etc, and the performance specifications level of which you wish for your ship to hit. Once done, send them all to us, them more detailed the information is the better. We will be able to determine the upgrades according to the situation and your wishes, testing what requires upgrading and fixing and their costs.” The gentle clean voice resounded from the screen.

“Ok.”

Luo Feng nodded, he immediately sent over the information Babata had prepared long ago to them.

After a while…

“Your majesty Luo Feng, our Virtual Universe construct can help an F grade universe ship reach up to 50 times light speed. It’s skills are extremely developed, I advise that your majesty also picks the limit of 50 times light speed and performance. If you ask for anything higher…then the upgrade fee will jump exponentially. And usually the quality price ratio of the normal upgrades are the highest.” The voice resounded.

“What about the nimbleness and movement capabilities?” Luo Feng asked.

“Same rules apply.” The crisp voice was obviously very respectful. “Your majesty, the repairs will require 56,000 mixed elements, and the internal modifications will require 124,000 mixed elements, for a total of 180,000 mixed elements.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Babata had calculated before, if he were to purchase the materials outside and let the virtual universe company people fix it, just the materials alone would require 80,000 mixed elements. Luckily…he was a primal region member and had great discounts.

“Your majesty, our design people here are asking…that F grade universe ship is completely constructed from hybrid copper essence. The sides are very thin and sharp, and they have solid engravings on them, with very powerful slicing power. However the origin law engravings are simple and not complete, would you want to improve on them?” The voice said.

Luo Feng was stunned.

The Yun Mo Planet ship was a triangular ship, its sides were incomparably sharp, however what was that about origin law engravings?”

“Just agree.” Babata said on his shoulder.

“Improving the engravings, how much would it cost?” Luo Feng asked.

“If it’s a simple repair of the engravings, this can be done for free.” The clean voice continued. “But to completely improve it, allowing this ship’s defense to rise by 30%, and it’s slicing attack force to rise by 50%, that would require 139,000 mixed elements.”

“I agree to the improvement.” Luo Feng nodded.

…

The cloud contact vine alone used up 85,000 mixed elements. The Yun Mo Planet ship used up 319,000 mixed elements, for a total of 404,000 mixed elements.

“Over 400,000 mixed elements gone just like that.” Luo Feng sat at his desk and looked at his screen. “Spending money is really like flowing water, right Babata. What’s going on with those engravings, why do they require 139,000 mixed elements?”

“Don’t be stingy.” Babata snorted on his shoulder. “Those solid law engravings…are actually similar to a lot of the engravings on spirit weapons and genetic weapons. Through connecting with the origin laws, it triggers the universe law energies, using it to strengthen defense and offense. The master back then already spent a lot of energy into building this ship, he also got a very powerful warrior to engrave those origin laws there.”

“A pity!”

“The warrior master got, naturally cannot compare to the masters within the Virtual Universe company.” Babata exclaimed. “To be able to raise from the original defense by 30% and attack by 50%, hehe…the origin law engraver masters of the Virtual Universe company are indeed powerful. These are origin law engravings that would raise the entire capabilities of the huge universe ship. Just the materials alone would be extremely expensive, 139,000 mixed elements…hehe, if it were the warrior that your teacher got back then, it would at least be twice the amount! With the Virtual Universe company supporting you from behind, it is indeed much more convenient.”

Luo Feng laughed.

It was convenient, the amount spent was however just as extravagant.

Jade dome planet’s Xiang shui city, Swallow mountain villa.

Within an underground warehouse.

Luo Feng had spent 12 billion universe dollars to buy the villa. One could imagine just how huge this place was. The entire villa was about 30km long and wide, and just the construction of the underground warehouse alone reached 3km. This was specially made for the big families and powers to store their universe ships.

“Completely hybrid copper essence!” The three white robed staff stood in the warehouse and looked at the triangular universe ship. The ship’s 3 edges formed an arc line, which was incredibly sharp!

“When this ship accelerates, even a planet would be easily sliced apart.” The leading white robed old man smiled at Luo feng and said respectfully, “Your majesty Luo Feng, we’ll be taking this ship away.”

“When will it be repaired and returned?” Luo Feng asked.

The three of them were all sent by the Virtual Universe company. As Jade dome planet was an incredibly important planet in the Ganwu universe country, hence on the planet…the company had many important members here. After Luo Feng’s conversation through the network , the company immediately sent people on the same day to take the ship.

“Your majesty, we have many repair and construction facilities all over humanity’s territories. Hence, it’ll only take us no more than 3 months to get it back to you.” The white robed old man said.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, “Go on.”

“Yes.”

The white robed old man looked at the Yun Mo planet ship, with a thought he placed it in his internal world.

This entire exchange process was synchronized and transmitted to the virtual universe network. As long as it was done…Luo Feng had no need to worry about the safety of the ship. If the transporters were greedy and daring enough to steal the ship and escape into the universe.

Then, the Virtual Universe company would immediately repay Luo Feng with another similar appearance ship with even better performance capabilities!

…

He watched as the three white robed staff sat in their ship and left. Then he turned to Dylan on by his side, “Dylan, let’s go meet with my big brother.”

“Yes your majesty.” Dylan nodded.

As the head of his guard team, Dylan was always protecting Luo Feng during his deployment. Of course, as an undying, half of Dylan’s consciousness was within the virtual universe network studying. He only required a part of it in reality to reach the maximum level of security.

The moment danger occurred, Dylan’s other half of his consciousness would immediately return to reality.

“Big brother!” Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with anticipation as he walked out of swallow mountain villa.

It had been very long since he had seen his big brother Hong in reality.

…

One of the 108 cities of Jade dome planet…Treasury city, within one of it’s reputable restaurants Morning Stars’ 3rd level booth. This was where Luo Feng had scheduled to meet Hong.

“Third brother, Treasury city has a story behind it. You should know that Jade dome planet is a man made planet! Back then, this planet had just been sent out of the god country and into this space…the Ganwu universe country thus began a huge scale immigration. Many huge families were immediately stationed here.” Hong sat in his seat, smiling, “Once the families were in place, the strong were numerous as the clouds, naturally the numbers grew more and more. Later on, due to a powerful undying leaving his inheritance treasury here, it created a huge war amongst undyings here. Luckily the planet was man made and the materials used were extravagant. Hence it could withstand the undying war. However because of that, over 10,000 km in area was reduced to waste. Later a city was built over that wasteland and named as Treasury city! It also serves as a warning…”

Luo Feng nodded.

Dylan who was sitting beside Luo Feng smiled, “Jade dome planet engaged in strict security and governing after the initial chaos and is much more peaceful than before.”

“After being in this city for so long, I’ve really begun to like it here.” Hong shook his head and exclaimed.

“Haha, it’s because there’s a lady you like here.” Luo Feng laughed.

“Hah…” Hong naturally smiled.

“Big brother, where do you live now?” Luo Feng asked.

“I’m currently following my teacher. As he’s currently with an old friend studying together, I’m staying at that friend’s place.” Hong lifted his wine glass and sipped, “Teacher’s friend is called Bushka, he’s quite a strong undying.”

Luo Feng asked, “You and that Ji Qing’s matter, does your teacher and that undying Bushka know?”

“How could I hide this from them?” Hong shook his head. “When my relationship with Ji Qing was discovered by the Ji Shi family, the family immediately sent people to Bushka’s family residence. If it weren’t for his presence and respect for him, the Ji Shi family may have simply killed me then.”

Luo Feng’s expression changed.

He could only imagine the situation.

His big brother was in a relationship with Ji Qing, yet he didn’t even know about her background…

Suddenly one day, her family people rushed down and raged at Bushka’s family, ordering Hong to not pester Ji Qing anymore. Whoever faced such a problem would be helpless.

“The Ji Shi family, in terms of strength, is much stronger than Bushka’s family. Hence even Elder Bushka cannot do anything.” Hong shook his head. “Elder Bushka had once gone to pay a visit to Silver snow official on my behalf, however that silver snow official…didn’t even go meet him. It made elder Bushka lose face because of me, I’m truly…”

Hong’s expression was complex, he lifted his glass and finished his wine.

Luo Feng nodded as he listened.

Bushka?

He may be a pretty powerful undying, however the difference in power between undyings could at times be enormous. The silver snow official Tian Cang was one of the 300 emperor officials! He became an official a very very long time ago and was one of the oldest subjects of the Ganwu universe country. Whether it was in terms of strength or power, he could definitely suppress Bushka.

And the silver snow official, according to Luo Feng’s deduction from the information he gathered, was obviously a very arrogant person.

Bushka went to visit him, yet he didn’t even show up…that was within Luo Feng’s expectations.

“Looks like this official level undying is very angry about this, and very against it.” Luo Feng frowned as he pondered. “Hm, When the official deployment order comes, I’ll become one of the highest level of people within the Ganwu department. When that time comes, only then will my words have weight.”

“Big brother, wait awhile more. Once my deployment orders come through, I’ll pay a visit to that Silver snow official.” Luo Feng said.


Chapter 613: Request to Leave

When Luo Feng reached Jade Dome planet and met with his big brother Hong in the restaurant, in one of the 108 cities, Tian Cang city, Silver snow official’s residence.

Tian Cang, the Silver snow official had great power and was deeply rooted in the Ganwu universe country. As one of the 300 Emperor officials, back then when this huge man made Jade dome planet was built, there was one special city named Tian Cang, and it was left for Silver snow official to govern.

In terms of power, it far exceeded that of the god of the sacred land of the Black Dragon Mountain empire.

Within Silver snow official’s residence.

“Master!” A dark red skinned little man with pointy years and jade green eyes knelt respectfully. “Hong has finally left that Bushka’s family residence. He’s gone to a Morning Star restaurant within Treasury city.”

“That punk has finally come out?”

The man sitting in an exquisite robe in a throne, had long black hair, pale skin, silver light gleamed from his black eyes. From his appearance, he was very much like the chinese people of earth, only the energy he naturally exuded was much more powerful.

“Master?” the dark red skinned skinny man looked up and looked at his master.

The Ji Shi family, as an ancient family existing for over a hundred million years, and had trillions of heirs.

Being one of the blood descendants wasn’t anything to be proud of, simply because the family was just too huge. Hence, it was extremely hard to even stand out! Everything depended on one’s ability…and his master Ji Lan Deng worked really hard since he was young. His talent was not bad, he finally became a universe level warrior!

Being able to become a universe level warrior, naturally he was more favored within the Ji Shi family, owning over 1,000 life planets.

However…

Within the huge family, Ji Lan Deng was still ultimately at the bottom level. Afterall, the domain lords and sector lords in the family were plentiful, the universe levels were even more than those two.

Originally, Ji Lan Deng would have simply led a quiet life. However, he casually had an affair with a maid and had a daughter Ji Qing. Ji Lan Deng’s fate would immediately change from then…his daughter Ji Qing had displayed shocking amounts of talent since young, growing at an unbelievable rate. It immediately caught the attention of the Ji Shi family’s upper echelons, hence they nurtured her.

After which, she was even absorbed into the Universe Mercenary alliance as a core member.

A core member of one of humanity’s 5 leviathans?

Those were all super geniuses!

Over a trillion years, the Ji Shi family, even though they had nurtured a few core members that were absorbed into the core of the 5 leviathans, those weren’t all the bloodline of the family, but rather geniuses from their Snow border star field territory…and Ji Qing was the 1st in countless years, an absolute genius to get absorbed with their bloodline.

Even the ancestor of the Ji Shi family, the 1st generation head, Silver snow official Ji Tian Cang was shocked and felt gleeful from it!

Ji Qing’s position in the family naturally shot straight up! She was placed beside the top 10 figures in the family. Even the sector lords didn’t dare show her any disrespect.

His daughter’s position had exploded!

As the father, Ji Lan Deng’s position naturally followed upwards. He was placed in charge of governing 10 galaxies within the snow border star field, immediately becoming one of the important figures in the family.

“I didn’t expect that the few years I was not on Jade dome planet, Little Qing would actually fall for a desolate aboriginal punk. Hmph! No matter what, I must get rid of anything that obstructs her future, this I what I as a father must do!” Ji Lan Deng’s eyes gleamed.

After finding out about his daughter, Ji Lan Deng immediately sat in a universe ship and rushed back to Jade dome planet.

However…

All this while, Hong had been staying in Bushka’s residence, and that family…was after all that of an undying’s. Maybe the high and mighty Silver snow official can simply not care about it, but the other members within the family didn’t dare to! An undying…was afterall still an undying! Hence Ji Lan Deng hadn’t gone to meet Hong all this while, and now he finally found the chance.

Ji Qing was his precious daughter.

And she was also his golden ticket! The only reason he could rise to this level in the family was because of his daughter! The moment she was gone, his power and position would probably disappear too…

“I definitely won’t allow this!” Ji Lan Deng gripped both his fists tight.

“Lead the way, I want to go to Morning Star restaurant!” Ji Lan Deng ordered.

“Yes master!” The dark red skinned skinny man knelt down.

Within the 3rd storey booth of Morning Star restaurant.

Luo Feng was chatting with Hong when suddenly, Peng! Peng! Peng! Knocks on the door.

“Hm?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Come in.” Hong looked at the door too.

The door was pushed open.

The tall and handsome male staff bowed respectfully, “There are people downstairs who wish to meet you.”

“Meet who?” Luo Feng was curious.

“They say some guy named Hong.” The staff felt pressure coming from the people within the booth, slowly getting more apologetic and humble. This was the real world…the moment he offended some powerful being, he would lose his life.

“Big brother, it’s for you.” Luo Feng smiled at Hong.

“Ah?”

Hong looked at the staff, “Let them in.”

“Yes!” the staff respectfully left only then.

“Who wants to meet me, I don’t know many people on Jade Dome planet.” Hong shook his head suspiciously. Luo Feng laughed loudly and said, “They even know your name, they are probably familiar with you, it may even be…that lady Ji Qing.”

“Ji Qing?” Hong frowned lightly.

Suddenly the footsteps from the stairs outside resounded, they were obviously heavy.

Luo Feng and Hong both looked outside.

“Your majesty, it’s a universe level 9 and a domain lord level 9, no threat at all.” The black robed bald Dylan sat beside and squinted, communicating to Luo Feng.

“Ah?” Luo Feng nodded.

A silhouette finally appeared at the door, it was two men!

Of which the universe level 9 man had black hair, a square face and his skin was pale, similar to the chinese of earth. And the other domain lord level 9 man was slightly bigger, his skin was purple, his obviously longer fingernails were as sharp as daggers, his eyes were purple too.

From the way they walked in, the domain lord level 9 should be a bodyguard.

“How do you do Hong!” The square faced man looked at Hong.

“You are?” Hong looked suspiciously at the man.

“Let me introduce myself, I am Ji Qing’s father…Ji Lan Deng!” The man said.

Luo Feng frowned.

Ji Qing’s father has appeared? From the looks of it, his own big brother had yet to meet Ji Qing’s father.

Hong immediately stood up and said, “Mr Ji.”

“I know about Ji Qing’s matter. After I found out, I immediately rushed over from Snow border starfield.” Ji Lan Deng’s eyes looked calmly at Hong, “Only these past period you’ve been at Bushka residence all this while, I couldn’t pay you a visit! Today I am here without any malice, purely as her father.”

“I understand.” Hong nodded and listened.

“You are very exceptional!” Ji Lan Deng looked at Hong. “I heard your performance in the Ganwu universe country’s internal genius battle was not bad. Even though you weren’t accepted into the Virtual Universe company, however no one can deny you are a very exceptional youth.”

Hong listened.

“However Hong.” Ji Lan Deng sighed slightly, “You are different from my daughter!”

“My daughter lives in the Ji Shi family, a family at least a hundred times stronger than your Black Dragon Mountain star field royal family. You are a lone warrior, you can follow your teacher and wander without anything holding you back, no pressure.” Ji Lan Deng sighed again, “However, my daughter lives in this family. The internal struggle and pressure within is extremely huge. In the Ji Shi family…the moment you are not careful and slip, you will be stepped on by 10 million people. Do you understand all these?”

“I do.” Hong nodded.

The internal struggle within the royal families were intense.

A super family like the Ji Shi family in the universe had extra intense struggles for power within.

“Hence, my daughter Ji Qing cannot go down the wrong path, the moment she does…it’ll be impossible to return!” Ji Lan Deng looked at Hong. “And your affair with her has already enraged our head ancestor of the Ji Shi family! When he rages, the entire family will be at unrest…”

Hong was silent.

“Hence!”

“I hope you leave her for her sake, don’t pester her and contact her!” Ji Lan Deng said seriously. “Don’t contact her via the virtual universe network, and quickly leave Jade Dome planet. I hope you can disappear from her world…once you do that, she’ll remain as the head ancestor’s most favorite child.”

“If you continue to pester her, you will endanger her position and put her in in a place where she cannot return from.” Ji Lan Deng stared at Hong.

Hong was silent.

Kaka…

Hong’s fist which was blocked by the table was clenched tight, they had gone pale, even his expression was ugly.

Luo Feng frowned.

“With my status as her father, I plead with you, let her off. I believe that you also wish for her to have a good future, right?” Ji Lan Deng looked at Hong.

Hong stood there.

“I understand.” Hong nodded.

“I hope to hear the news of you leaving Jade Dome planet. That way, I as her father will be incredibly grateful to you.” Ji Lan Deng bowed slightly. After he finished he turned and left with his bodyguard, from the start to end, he never noticed Luo Feng or the undying Dylan.

When an undying doesn’t wish to reveal his identity, how would Ji Lan Deng and his bodyguard, at that level of power be able to discover him?

…

There was silence within the restaurant.

Hong who had been controlling himself had gone completely pale, after which he shook his head and forced a smile.

“Third brother, isn’t this a joke?” Hong looked at Luo Feng.

“Nothing funny about it.” Luo Feng shook his head.

Hong shook his head.

Hong saw clearly through the situation. Hence, even though Ji Qing’s father seemed very courteous…however the meaning behind those words, Hong naturally saw through it. This Ji Qing’s father was obviously hating his guts. He couldn’t wait for Hong to leave Jade Dome planet and vanish from Ji Qing’s world.

To be hated by the girl he loved, Hong was feeling really bad within!

“Big brother.” Luo Feng patted Hong’s shoulder.

“I’m fine.” Hong shook his head.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but frown.

Just what was going on with Silver snow official. Even if it was an absolute genius, weren’t they allowed to have relationships?

What joke was this?


Chapter 614: New Yun Mo Planet Ship

Luo Feng sent Hong back to Bushka residence that day. Hong even said as he left, “Third brother, I may require your help in this problem. However, you have to get your information and facts right first about the situation, and don’t simply jump into it. If it really harms Ji Qing in any way, then I’ll…”

“Big brother, I know this!” Luo Feng nodded.

This was also the reason Luo Feng didn’t reveal himself earlier. When that Ji Lan Deng came…Luo Feng had adjusted his facial muscles slightly to prevent Ji Lan Deng from recognizing him.

No matter what!

It still wasn’t the time to meet with Silver snow official Ji Tian Cang. His big brother’s matter, Luo Feng didn’t dare rush in and make a mess of things. Doing bad things with kindness was afterall still ultimately making a mess of things.

Time passed and even though Luo Feng had been staying in Swallow mountain villa since he came to Jade Dome planet, he had been in the nutrition cabin all this while.

“Hasn’t left?”

“That Hong is still staying at Bushka residence?” Ji Lan Deng walked about in the hall. “This youth is also an exceptional genius within the universe country genius battle. These sort of geniuses…their pride is extremely strong. Whether it’s for his own pride or for the laughable love, he should have long left the planet after my words!”

“Master, he’s indeed still staying at Bushka residence.” The dark red skinned skinny man said respectfully as he knelt.

“Bastard!”

Ji Lan Deng’s eyes were almost popping out of its sockets,it looked like he really wanted to bring people to kill Hong immediately.

However, he was clear too, that since the head ancestor Silver snow official didn’t send anyone to make a move, then no one below was to make their own moves!

…

1 month, 2 months, 3 months…

Even though Ji Lan Deng grew more anxious, Hong still stayed within Bushka residence without stepping out at all. It made Ji Lan Deng extremely enraged. All this time, Luo Feng had been quietly staying within Swallow mountain villa.

Swallow mountain villa, the main level’s study.

The nutrition cabin was placed in the corner of the room, while beautiful colorful vines were stretched out throughout the entire room. They all glowed and glimmered with leaves along the vines, all of them seemed to be undergoing change, color and appearance all constantly evolving.

“Your majesty!” Dylan’s voice pierced through the walls and resounded within the study.

Kaka…

The nutrition cabin’s door automatically opened and a naked black haired man with an almost perfect body walked out from the ice cold valuable nutrition liquid. Simultaneously a green armor grew over his body, this level 4 genetic armor was something the virtual universe company had sent over.

Such an item, this was something the company gave to all its core members.

“Sou!” The vines which covered the entire walls of the room suddenly swiftly turned and wrapped about Luo Feng’s arm.

“Cloud contact vine.” Luo Feng gently rubbed the leaves and smiled. “Take this period of time to slowly evolve, once you finish your evolution, then you’ll join me in battles again.”

Immediately the vines that were upright all drooped down, almost as though it was nodding.

At the same time, a sense of strong reliance came from the vine. It was that of a child towards its parents.

“Haha, it’ll be quick, another two months and your evolution will be finished.” Luo Feng wore the green armor inside and a silver armor outside, pushing open the study room door and walking out.

“Your majesty.” Dylan slightly bowed as he stood outside, smiling, “Congratulations on reaching the domain lord level 8.”

“Still quite a bit from level 9.” Luo feng smiled.

As from domain lord level 1 to 9, the later it got, the more the required amount of energy was! Especially the final 3 levels, the amount of energy required was the most. For Luo Feng to reach level 9 required about 6 months of time. It had already been 4 months…it would probably take another 2 months.

“Your majesty, the Virtual Universe company people are downstairs.” Dylan said.

“Hm, let’s go.”

Luo Feng nodded and quickly reached the 1st level living room.

Three white robed staff stood there. When they saw Luo Feng and Dylan, they all simultaneously bowed, “Your majesty!”

“Haha, seeing you really makes me happy.” Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with anticipation. “Has my universe ship been fully repaired and upgraded?”

“Yes your majesty!”

The leading white robed old man was apologetic, “The upgrading took up quite a bit of time Hence, we’ve only been able to send it over now, please forgive the tardiness.”

“No problem, let’s go to the underground warehouse.” Luo Feng couldn’t wait any longer. “Let me look at her.”

“Yes!”

Luo Feng and Dylan along with the three white robed staff all walked down to the incredibly vast underground warehouse. The leading old man led the way for Luo Feng and bowed, “Your majesty, look!” As he spoke, he pointed ahead. Immediately the triangular ship appeared out of mid air within the warehouse, the energies the ship exuded caused the surrounding space to slightly tremble.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed as he stared at the ship.

Yun Mo Planet ship, this was a 800m diameter long huge object. Its three edges were incredibly thin and piercing, the entire ship was covered in faintly visible perfect origin law engravings, they made the ship naturally exude a terrifying energy and aura.

Without a doubt!

The moment such a ship accelerated, even if a meteorite smashed into it, it would crumble like tofu and be sliced apart, not even really affecting the ship’s speed.

“Your majesty, this ship is constructed completely from F9 grade metal hybrid copper essence, and a great master from the Virtual Universe company helped complete and improve the origin law engravings. It’s defense has reached a terrifying level. Even an emperor level undying would find it extremely hard to break through this ship.” The white robed old man pointed at the ship and laughed. “Such a ship, as long as it fuses with an undying metal life form…it would definitely be worthy of an emperor level undying.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Yun Mo Planet ship?

The repaired ship was going to accompany him for very very long!

“Luo Feng, hurry and go in, hurry and go in.” Babata pushed.

“Hm.”

With the old man leading, Luo Feng began to understand just how powerful the repaired Yun Mo planet ship had become.

“The ship’s main defense has risen. Along with it’s energy barrier, it’s defense had risen by 40% from before.” In the control room screen, Babata’s head image appeared. He was extremely excited, “When the ship accelerates, its instantaneous turning and movement speed has also risen 80%. It’s greatest speed has reached a shocking 50 times light speed…the skills of the Virtual Universe company and its technology are simply too powerful. From a definite perspective, the Virtual Universe company has completely brought the Yun Mo Planet ship to its maximum capabilities. To improve on it further…the best way is to let an undying metal life form fuse with it, allowing it to have a life property…”

“Haha!”

“After so many years, I can finally once again control the Yun Mo Planet ship.” Babata was extremely excited on the screen. Suddenly however, he seemed hurt as he went silent, “But master he…”

“Luo Feng!”

Babata looked at Luo Feng, his eyes gleaming, “You definitely have to avenge master next time!”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, “Definitely!”

Babata looked at Luo Feng as he recalled back then on earth, that careful little youth that sneaked into the Yun Mo planet ship. Back then Babata was simply doing so because he had no other choice, allowing Luo Feng to accept the inheritance of Hu Yan Bo, becoming the only living disciple.

Back then Babata even forbade Luo Feng from ever asking questions about Hu Yan Bo’s enemy, because even he himself never thought there would be a day Luo Feng would be able to avenge Hu Yan Bo.

However now…

Babata saw hope!

“The three greatest natural talents, shocking willpower, powerful background, and nurturing from the Virtual Universe company. Luo Feng, he will eventually become an emperor level undying, there’s definitely hope! When that time comes, when it comes, he’ll be able to kill that bastard.” Babata anticipated in silence.

Luo Feng however simply kept checking out the rest of the ship.

Yun Mo Planet ship, just like the universe galaxy bank’s several specially private room constructs, it was able to completely seal of spirit energy scans etc. The Yun Mo Planet ship system abilities… unless it was an undying forcefully using his god energy to invade the ship, anything under an undying wouldn’t be able to do a soul attack powerful enough to permeate the ship!

“After entering the ship, it’s really safe here.” Luo Feng thought. “When I become undying next time, and the mosha clansman immune to soul attacks with the ship’s powerful defense, the two combined…it’s truly an invincible combination.”

…

The good news came one after another. The next day after Luo Feng acquired his life and death partner the Yun Mo Ship, the Virtual Universe company’s deployment finally came.

…

Virtual universe Yu Xiang Mountain primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

Within his study.

Luo Feng sat before his desk, looking at the mail notification he received on his laptop, it was the order sent by the Virtual Universe company.

“Luo Feng, from today on, you are the Supervisor Envoy of the Virtual Universe company for the Ganwu department! You have special supervising authorities against the military, business and army departments.” Babata shouted on his shoulder. “Haha, Luo Feng, from now on, the three tycoons of the Ganwu department will have to fear you.”

Luo Feng looked silently at the contents of the deployment.

The order was simple.

This deployment was a test for domain lord level. Just with the supervising job alone, on the day Luo Feng reaches sector lord level, he would acquire 100,000 points.

“During the deployment, the Virtual Universe company will occasionally send out special missions for you to do, every mission will have point rewards.” A part of the mail said this.

Obviously…

During the nurturing period, the universe level geniuses could do the training missions and the domain lord geniuses could do these extra missions. As for the sector lord level, they were doing life or death missions. These would all bring out point rewards!

“Now that the deployment has been sent, the ganwu department would simultaneously receive the notification.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “Now should be the time I stepped up and pay a visit to the three tycoons.”

With the order on him, Luo Feng’s status was naturally different from before.


Chapter 615: Luo Feng Takes Up his Post

“With this order official, I’m actually able to directly transfer to the Ganwu department from my villa in the virtual universe.” Luo Feng looked at the mail and its information on the screen, making some important notes before nodding satisfied.

“To the Ganwu department!” Luo Feng thought.

Shua!

He immediately vanished from his study and was teleported straight to the Ganwu department in the virtual universe.

Within the virtual universe, in an allotted space.

This space had many large continents and everyone one of them represented a universe country. Surrounding these large continents were a blur of many islands, these either represented the middle level civilizations or special locations.

Like the Black Dragon Mountain island under the Ganwu continent, this was the place that the residents of Black Dragon Mountain empire would appear at when they entered the virtual universe network.

…

On Amethyst island under the Ganwu continent.

This was an incomparably beautiful island completely made from Amethyst. Even when its entire surface was compared to the Black Dragon Mountain island, it was still extremely beautiful. On it were continuous palaces all made from amethyst. They came in all heights, with different levels of splendor, and right in the center was an amethyst palace that reached up to 10,000 km in height, it was the most glaring one.

Under the shine of the sun, this majestic palace reflected a whole range of colors.

This Amethyst island, was where the Ganwu department of the Virtual Universe company was stationed. As the universe was simply too vast, this location was naturally built in the virtual universe.

“Everything is going normally, yet the headquarters suddenly sent a supervisor envoy over! This Luo Feng, why the rush to break through to domain lord level…” Within the palace was a huge round table with a diameter exceeding 1,000m, and around it were three huge thrones that were all filled.

The one speaking was an apeman with fur, dressed in an exquisite purple robe, he frowned as he spoke.

Chichichi…

His purple robe emitted rays of purple sparks.

“As if your dissatisfaction will do any good. Even if this Luo Feng didn’t break through to domain lord temporarily, he would still enter the domain lord level in a few thousand years. As his home is the Ganwu universe country, when that happens, he would still become the supervisor envoy and come here.” An extremely handsome man with gold long hair as glaring as the sun spoke with disdain. He had three golden feathers on the top of his head.

“Purple lightning Official, Golden Feather Official!” A gentle voice resounded. This was a young lady covered in a black robe and barefooted. Her gaze too seemed to make the space and time around warp. “The order has already been given. This Luo Feng will very quickly arrive to take up his post! There’s absolutely no point in you two arguing now!”

The apeman purple lightning official and the handsome man Golden feather official looked over.

“Luo Feng’s status is the supervisor envoy. He has the authority to check on our work and many other things, he’ll probably find unfavorable evidence against us!” The black robed lady said softly.

“Purple lightning official is in charge of the business side. It has a mess of deals within it, no matter how well the records are kept and evidence destroyed, if one seriously audited it…hahaha, monkey, even if you are not locked in the starfield prison, you’d be sent to the outfields to pay for your crimes through battle!” That demonically handsome man teased.

“And your military department is clean?” The Apeman looked coldly at him.

“Still better than your business department.” The handsome man frowned.

“Alright!”

The lady frowned and ordered softly.

Immediately, both men looked at the lady, she gave off an aura of rage. “There are certain things that cannot be avoided and we’d have to break the rules. As long as the supervisor envoy is dead set on checking, with enough time, he’ll definitely find a few problems. Even if the problem isn’t serious, sacking us wouldn’t be a problem. “Hm.” The apeman and the golden haired man nodded and agreed.

“No matter what, we have to maintain our positions!” The Apeman said seriously.

The three tycoons of the ganwu department, what level of status was that?

They had huge power!

Much higher than any other normal official level undyings.

Among the military, business and army department, the hardest to actually check was the army department. Because, the army department was simply too huge, and the ganwu universe country governed it together with the Virtual Universe company…if the supervisor envoy were to check the army department matters, he would still have to go through the high levels of the ganwu universe country, it was extremely complex.

Checking the military and the business department was much easier.

“Firstly, that Luo Feng isn’t stupid. If he really wants to check, that’ll force us to oppose each other.” The lady said softly, “This wouldn’t be good for him too.”

“If he dares to go to such lengths, we’ll assassinate him!” The golden haired man said coldly.

“Kill him?” The ape man snorted. “Gold feather official, do you think his teacher True Yan emperor is an idiot? True Yan emperor is a sacred being amongst our ape race. And he’s known for being brutal and protective. If you really dare assassinate Luo Feng, unless you do it to a point where not even a drop of water is spilt, wiping even your own memories to ensure there’s no record of it, not allowing True Yan to check, otherwise…you’ll definitely die!!!”

The gold haired man squinted.

True Yan emperor?

Killing someone like himself, Gold feather official, was akin to squashing an ant.

“Wake up both of you, this Luo Feng entered the primal region after his first qualification battles. For such a genius, the highest of levels in the headquarters would take notice of him!” The black robed lady said coldly. “And there’s true yan emperor behind him! The most we can do is teach him a lesson and make him suffer a bit. We definitely cannot kill him. The moment we do…that would be a dead end for us.”

The apeman and the gold haired man nodded.

“We have no other way!” The black robed lady pointed into space. There a screen appeared and detailed plans showed, “These are three solutions my underlings have come up with, take a look.”

The two looked on.

After reading, they exchanged glances.

“Let’s hope that Luo Feng is a smart guy. That way, he’ll be able to enjoy the glory of his supervisor position during his time and pass it comfortably. Then we three won’t have any problems! Otherwise… everybody will suffer together!” The gold haired man snorted coldly.

After a while…

Du! Du! Du! Du! Du! Du!

A piercing alarm rang in the palace.

The three tycoons stood up fiercely.

“He’s come!” The black robed lady said softly. “Let’s go, we have to be extremely passionate in welcoming the supervisor envoy.”

“Right, extremely passionate.” The Apeman nodded.

“Maximum passion.” The gold haired man forced out what he thought was the friendliest smile he could give.

…

In the east side of Amethyst island, there was a plot of 10 square meters of amethyst stones. There, a beautiful beam of light rose shot into the sky, Luo Feng appeared on the stones.

“So this is the office of the Virtual Universe company in the ganwu department?” Luo Feng’s eyesight was slightly blinded from the flash of light that brought him here. The entire island was simply an enormous art work, the sight of light covering the many amethyst palaces was simply beautiful.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew up and flew towards the center of the island, as amethyst island was simply too huge, akin to a Black Dragon mountain empire island.

“Hm?” After flying for about 100,000 km, Luo Feng saw a blur of silhouettes in the huge amethyst plaza. With a glance, he couldn’t see an end to them.

Right in front of all the people were three human silhouettes.

An apeman dressed in an extremely exquisite purple robe, he was smiling, as purple sparks surrounded him.

A man with incomparably dashing gold long hair. His smile was resplendent, he was almost like a huge sun that gave off warmth.

A young barefooted lady in a black robe. Her enticement, Luo Feng knew too it was hypnotism, but he still felt happier after it.

“Welcome Supervisor Envoy, Mr Luo Feng!” The black robed lady smiled.

Hua!

The blur of human silhouettes all immediately knelt down, simultaneously shouting respectfully, “Greetings your majesty Luo Feng!”

“Greetings your majesty Luo Feng!” hundreds of undyings bowed.

“Luo Feng, welcome into our Ganwu department!” The black robed lady smiled and said.

“Luo Feng, I’ve long heard of your reputation. To make it into the primal region in such a short time, it really is worthy of respect, admirable indeed.” The gold haired man smiled brightly. He seemed very friendly like a sun, without any ill intent.

“Haha…Luo Feng, I’m from the Guan Yan clan of the apeman race. Your teacher True Yan emperor is the greatest being in the Ka Hun Si clan. From young, I’ve always worshipped True Yan emperor, he has always been my target. And today I get to see his disciple, it really makes me happy. Haha…” The Apeman was incredibly passionate.

Luo Feng stood there and looked at the three tycoons’ warm welcome, the hundreds of undyings bowing respectfully and the countless others kneeling, he was shocked.

This, this, this…

The Ganwu department’s welcome was too grand.

And the three tycoons were all official level undyings. In terms of position, they weren’t below him, yet they were so passionate?

“Luo Feng.” The black robed lady walked over, smiling, “Let me introduce you.”

“I know about the three of you.” Luo Feng said directly and looked at the lady. “You should be the head of the army department Black Yan official Risa!”

The black robed lady smiled and nodded.

“You should be the head of the military department, Gold feather official Ai Fu.” Luo Feng looked at the gold haired man, he too smiled and nodded.

“And you should be the head of the business department, Purple lightning official Zhen Qian.” Luo Feng looked at the apeman. He laughed loudly and nodded, “Looks like Luo Feng has already studied up on us quite a bit and know us pretty well. With your investigative abilities, this supervisor envoy job will be very easy.”

“I’ll require assistance from the three of you.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Of course.”

“Naturally.”

“Of course.”

The three tycoons smiled and nodded.

“Luo Feng, let me introduce you.” The black robed lady smiled and pointed to the blur of human silhouettes, amidst them the undyings bowing respectfully. “Our ganwu department, as it governs over the Ganwu Universe country’s over 10,000 star fields and over 1 hundred million galaxies, hence other than us, the three heads, there are 322 other undyings, there are also 820 million important personnel who help take care of the many starfields and galaxies, they are all here!”

Luo Feng held his breath.

Seeing the blur of silhouettes kneeling before him. Since it was actually 820 million people, no wonder even with his sight, he couldn’t see the end of them.

“Hm?” As his gaze swept across the 322 undyings, he suddenly saw a green skinned old man with wrinkles on his head, he was shocked within, “Man Luo?”

This old man…

Was the old man he frequently saw in the Black Dragon Mountain empire slaughter house.


Chapter 616: Preparation

“Luo Feng?” Man Luo looked over at Luo Feng. As an undying his memory was exceptionally good, he revealed a friendly smile.

Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

Back then the huge figure Man Luo was casually within the slaughterhouse. Now he had actually become Luo feng’s underling, Luo Feng felt that this too was abstruse.

“Black Yan official.” Luo Feng looked at the three tycoons beside him, saying softly, “There’s no need for everybody to kneel, let them all disperse.”

“Luo Feng you are indeed kind hearted.” The gold feather official Ai Fu smiled.

Luo Feng was stunned within.

His actions were kind hearted? This military department’s Ai Fu’s friendliness…Luo Feng was getting a little sick of it.

The black robed lady immediately ordered, “Disperse!”

That gentle voice actually resounded throughout the entire skies of amethyst island.

“Yes!”

The 820 million in charge of the many starfields all bowed respectfully and after which left in beams of light in an orderly fashion, heading in every directions of the island.

“Undyings, please follow the three of us. Accompany the supervisor envoy Luo Feng to get a good view of amethyst island and the work of our Ganwu department.” The black robed lady ordered.

“Yes!”

Including Man Luo, the 322 undyings all slightly bowed.

Man Luo and the other undyings followed Luo Feng, Gold feather official, Black Yan official, Purple lightning official, the 4 tycoons. The moment it reached a certain department’s work, the undyings would have to immediately step forward and explain.

“Back then, the little punk that took part in the genius competition, followed his 1st and 2nd brother appearing at the slaughterhouse for the 1st time. He was so young and tender! Even during the genius competition…he was still weak and young. Who’d have expected that in these 200 years, he actually became the 4th tycoon of the Ganwu department.” Man Luo looked at Luo Feng, sighing within, “Purple lightning official and the others are incredibly passionate, spoiling Luo Feng and making him happy. Otherwise, if he switches sides…the 3 of them will suffer!”

“Man Luo!” The apeman purple lightning official roared softly.

“Department chief!”

Man Luo walked up and bowed.

“The Black Dragon Mountain starfield’s business department is under you.” The purple lightning official glanced at Man Luo. “Luo Feng’s home is in the Black Dragon Mountain starfield. Since he wishes to understand more about that starfield, please give him an explanation.”

“Yes!” Man Luo bowed.

“Mr Man Luo, long time no see.” Luo Feng turned and smiled at Man Luo.

“It has been a long time. In a flash, your majesty has given me a huge shock.” Man Luo smiled.

“Hm, let’s walk and talk.” Luo Feng nodded.

Within the palace of amethyst island, Luo Feng had the Purple lightning official, Gold feather official, and Black Yan official, the 3 tycoons accompanying him along with over 300 undyings following behind. They walked as they explained the many important departments within the ganwu department. Luo Feng asked a few simple questions as he walked, beginning to get a simple understanding of the work of the ganwu department.

…

Within the resting quarters of the palace.

Purple lightning official, Gold feather official, Black yan official and Luo Feng gathered together, the rest of the undyings had already left earlier.

“If I didn’t see for myself, I really wouldn’t know…just from this one look, the Virtual Universe Company’s power covers everything, it’s truly shocking.” Luo Feng lifted the valuable fruit before him and ate as he talked. “The entire population of the Ganwu universe country, economy etc, it’s almost completely controlled by the Virtual Universe Company.”

“But of course!”

Apeman Purple lightning official laughed, “The 5 leviathans of humanity, the Universe Mercenary alliance values warriors, the universe 1st bank and universe galaxy bank most works on the banking sectors and investment sectors. The Huge Axe dojo also values the strong. Only our Virtual Universe Company controls both humanity’s economies and lives. The economy of the 1,008 universe counties is completely under the control of our Virtual Universe Company.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

The Virtual Universe Company was indeed absurd!

While it seemed as though there were many huge industries, business powers etc in the universe, however at the root of everything lay the control of the Virtual Universe Company.

Just like the businesses that create the virtual games, all of them required a virtual space in the network to operate. Those all need to be leased from the Virtual Universe Company!

The slaughterhouse, that was simply monopoly.

Even the many broadcasts from the Huge Axe dojo required them to give a portion of the money to the Virtual Universe Company.

…

In all, humanity couldn’t break free from the virtual universe network! Hence, the company controlled the economies and even the armies of the universe countries, splitting half of the control with the Huge Axe dojo, each taking 504 universe country armies!

“Any country, any family, any organization, as long as they wish to develop, they have to work together with our Virtual Universe Company.” The ape man purple lightning official’s eyes were filled with confidence. “Even the other 4 leviathans have to work with us, much less the countries and families. In terms of business economy…our Virtual Universe Company holds the monopoly!”

“Economy control, countless treasures, strong as numerous as the clouds, hence the number of geniuses the company absorbs every year is also the most amongst the 5 leviathans.” Gold feather official said confidently.

“In the Ganwu Universe country, we, the ganwu department have half of the controlling power! The other half is the country leader himself!” The black robed lady said softly.

The three tycoons’ words were filled with confidence.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but feel shock.

He had truly felt the overwhelming power and control of the Virtual Universe Company. It was no wonder during the genius competitions, the Ganwu universe country leader couldn’t wait to send it’s own geniuses. From the looks of it, the country leader may very likely be a member of the company too.

“Luo Feng, when are you coming to the Ganwu universe country?” the black robed lady smiled and asked.

“Right, when are you arriving?” The gold haired man and apeman looked anxiously at Luo Feng.

“I’m already on Jade dome planet.” Luo Feng said.

“What!”

The three tycoons were shocked.

The primal region was extremely far from the Ganwu universe country. Even taking the best universe ship would require 1 to 2 years.

“You’ve actually reached Jade dome planet and not informed us.” The apeman Purple lightning official was all smiles, “This is your wrongdoing. You are the supervisor envoy sent by headquarters, you represent headquarters! How can you quietly enter the Ganwu universe country. Gold feather official, Black Yan official, we should act accordingly by the rules and prepare a ceremony to welcome Luo Feng.”

“Right.” The black robed lady nodded.

“Of course we have to prepare a ceremony, and it has to be extremely grand! We’ll use this ceremony to officially let all the upper echelons of the Ganwu Universe country know…that our Ganwu department’s supervisor envoy Luo Feng is here!” Gold feather official said.

“Hm! Leave this matter to me.” Apeman Purple lightning official said.

“Since your business department is taking charge of this, there definitely won’t be any problems.” Gold feather official said. “However, we have to fully reflect Luo Feng’s status. He is a primal region member and a supervisor envoy sent by the headquarters! The conduct and guests of the ceremony has to be extremely high too, don’t let those little family punks come in just to join in the fun!”

Luo Feng could only force a smile.

“Three heads, there’s no need…” Luo Feng had just opened his mouth to speak.

“What do you mean no need, there is a need!” The apeman said. “Luo Feng, this doesn’t simply concern your reputation, but the entire ganwu department, and the entire reputation of the Virtual Universe Company’s headquarters! And also your teacher True Yan emperor’s.”

Luo Feng was completely speechless.

“Leave this matter to me.” Gold feather official said confidently.

“Let the scale be smaller, I’m not too fond of it being too crowded. We’ll hold it on Jade Dome planet.” Luo Feng said.

“Smaller scale, not too crowded? No problem.” Apeman Purple lightning official, as the business head immediately pounded his chest and guaranteed.

The Virtual Universe Company’s Ganwu department naturally had extremely high power within the universe country.

As the ganwu department represented the Virtual Universe Company, it affected the entire governing of the country! Even though on the surface it was the country leader governing…however even the country leader had to listen to the Virtual Universe Company. This resulted in the 1,008 universe countries, every department would attract countless official level undyings who were vying for the positions of the heads.

Three heads, their positions were revered.

Higher than even those 300 Emperor officials!

“Invitation from the Ganwu department?”

“The headquarters has sent a supervisor envoy to join the Ganwu department? No wonder the three tycoons are in such a rush.”

“The three tycoons are organizing a ceremony, I cannot disrespect them.”

When the many invitation letters were sent, the entire upper echelon of the Ganwu universe Country was in uproar!

Invitation letters from the three tycoons?

Who would dare defy them!

…

Jade Dome planet, Tian Cang city, Silver snow official’s residence.

“Head ancestor!”

“Teacher!”

8 undyings bowed respectfully, 100s of sector lords, with a blur of close to 10,000 people knelt there.

This was silver snow official’s true power. Only because of Ji Lan Deng’s daughter was Ji Lan Deng able to barely get close to the 10,000 name slots. Hence, he could be in the back of this group kneeling. And the 8 great undyings…were all silver snow official Ji Lan Deng’s disciples over countless years who broke through to undying level.

The Ji Shi family, how many geniuses could pop out from the family?

There were much more people in the Snow border starfield. Over countless years, Silver snow official had nurtured 15 undyings, in the general headquarters there were only 8.

“Get up!”

A cold voice, it almost made the space around freeze up.

The 8 undyings and hundreds of sector lords along with the close to 10,000 people all stood up. Ahead, stood a silver white long robed man with black long hair and several strands of long silver white hair in front. This man, by simply standing there, the feeling he gave off was that of an endless ice snow world.

He was silver snow official!

Silver snow official Tian Cang, one of the 300 emperor officials of the Ganwu universe country!

“The three tycoons of the Ganwu department have personally sent me an invite.” Silver snow official said coldly. “This time, they are holding a ceremony for the welcoming of a supervisor envoy from the headquarters of the Virtual Universe Company. They’ve sent out invites to all the important families. Due to the rule limitations, I’m only bringing two people with me.”

The 8 undyings and hundreds of sector lords along with the close to 10,000 upper echelon family elites all looked up, their hearts racing.

Such a high level ceremony, those able to participate were definitely the pinnacle of people within the Ganwu Universe country.

Even Silver snow official was only allowed to bring two people. Obviously, many weaker undying families wouldn’t even be able to go.

“Yukan, Feng Yan, you two will accompany me.” Silver snow official said indifferently.

“Yes!”

One of the undyings along with one sector lord out of the few hundred others replied respectfully.


Chapter 617: Welcoming Ceremony

Silver snow official glanced at the two of them and sighed within.

Yukan was his most favorite disciple. But, it was a pity that the 15 undyings under him weren’t the bloodline of the Ji Family.

Feng Yan’s full name was Ji Feng Yan, and he was a sector lord pinnacle warrior. From Silver snow officials perspective, he was one of the top 100 sector lords with the Ji Bloodline that had a hope of breaking through to the undying!

“It’s a pity that under the Ji name, there’s no other undying besides me.” Silver snow official sighed within. The chances of breaking through to an undying was simply too low. Maybe in the vast universe, there were over tens of thousands of undyings, however within a single family, even after countless years, it was still hard for even a second undying to appear.

“Everybody else leave.” Silver snow official ordered.

“Yes!”

7 undyings, 100s of sector lords and close to 10,000 family elites all left respectfully, leaving only the undying Yukan and the sector lord Ji Feng Yan.

…

The ceremony the three tycoons were throwing to welcome the new supervisor envoy quickly spread throughout the entire upper echelon of the Ganwu universe country! Even though, the scale of this ceremony was very small, the level was extremely high. Only the 300 Emperor officials and some other stronger undying families received the invitations.

Over 90% of the other undyings didn’t receive an invitation, much less the sector lord families; one could see from this just how high the level was.

It made many undyings exclaim, “Usually we won’t even get the chance to meet the 3 tycoons. Who’d expect them to make this ceremony so small. I didn’t even receive an invite.”

The invitations from the Ganwu department were a reflection of status!

Those that received one where all the upper echelons of the Ganwu Universe Country.

Jade Dome planet, Swallow mountain villa.

Study room.

The entire room that was filled with vines suddenly shook itself, because the nutrition cabin door automatically opened and a naked legendary god like being of earth with short hair, a youth named Luo Feng stood up from the ice cold nutrition liquid. A genetic armor naturally formed over his body, and on top of it he wore a silver white armor.

“Cloud contact vine.” Luo Feng smiled and rubbed the vine that extended over. “I’m leaving first, continue to evolve.”

The vine shook itself constantly, as though it was nodding.

The study room’s door opened.

Luo Feng smiled and walked out. Outside, a human silhouette glowing from light stood, it was Dylan.

“Your majesty.” Dylan smiled and looked at Luo Feng. “Congratulations on reaching the domain lord level 9.”

“I’ve only reached level 9, not the pinnacle yet.” Luo Feng smiled. “If I have half a month more, I’ll reach the pinnacle. However…since the ceremony is tonight, I cannot help but leave.”

“Your majesty, the 3 tycoons are indeed showing you a lot of respect. This ceremony…I heard that the invitations were sent out by them as well. Those Emperor officials, who among them would dare to reject them?” Dylan smiled. “Your reputation will skyrocket from here on.”

“We all depend on each other.” Luo Feng smiled, “Their actions are also in hope that I spare them.”

Finding trouble in the most miniscule things!

The Ganwu department actually governs over the entire universe country’s business, military and army departments. This would involve huge transactions, to be upright and keep all the transactions clean was something even the person with the most integrity could never do. Afterall, one could look after himself but not over all his subjects.

If Luo Feng truly wanted to check…

Even if the 3 were open and clean, Luo Feng could still give them quite a headache! Who knows, maybe through his own connection with his seniors, along with some official level undyings that specially came to try and take over the department head positions, he could still easily get rid of them.

What’s more, Luo Feng suspected that these 3 were probably not that clean anyway.

Otherwise, would they really need to be that passionate.

“Your majesty, you are prepared to do so?” Dylan looked at Luo Feng.

“If the water is too clean, even fish won’t be able to survive there.” Luo Feng smiled and headed out.

Dylan was stunned.

If the water is too clean, even fish won’t be able to survive there?

“Your majesty is indeed a worthy disciple favored by the ancestor teacher.” Dylan thought and followed Luo Feng out.

…

Luo Feng brought his entire guard team and swiftly rushed over to the location where the ceremony was being held. Simultaneously, he ordered one sector lord to head over to Bushka residence and bring over his big brother Hong.

After a while.

In Xiang Shui city’s east side, the core had a region of a diameter close to 1,000km. One month ago, this was where the Virtual Universe company members gathered, however within this month, this core place swiftly underwent a huge transformation, shifting all the members there to another location.

And within just 3 days, they built a luxurious villa that took up to 1,000km in area and named it Luo Villa.

Once any new supervisor envoy arrives, the Virtual Universe company would help build a living quarters for him. As one of the 4 tycoons of the Ganwu department…on Jade dome planet, a larger villa like that was akin to almost a small galaxy. Building a 1,000km luxurious villa was reflective of Luo Feng’s status.

Luo Feng and his group gazed at the distant luxurious villa.

“3rd brother, this is your new villa?” Hong looked at the distant luxurious Luo Villa. He couldn’t help but get shocked. “This is even larger than Bushka’s residence.”

“His majesty is the Ganwu department’s supervisor envoy. His position is on par with the 3 heads. According to the rules, his place should be akin to the 300 emperor officials.” Dylan smiled and explained as he stood beside Luo Feng. “As his majesty will only be staying here during his domain lord period, the villa they built is slightly smaller than Silver snow official’s residence.”

Luo Feng smiled.

“Let’s go in.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes your majesty.”

The group followed.

The staff within Luo Residence added up to the millions. However, with a luxurious villa with a diameter of over 1,000km, to have over a million staff wasn’t a lot.

“Your majesty, I’ve been waiting here under the order of Purple lightning official.”

“Your majesty, I’ve been waiting here under the order of Gold feather official.”

“…Black Yan official…”

One male sector lord and two female sector lords were standing at the entrance. When they saw Luo Feng, they bowed respectfully. As they bowed, they secretly informed the 3 tycoons.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

The 3 silhouettes instantly appeared at the entrance.

“Luo Feng!” The black robed lady shouted.

“Luo Feng, you really waited till the last day to come.” Ape man Purple lightning official couldn’t help but say.

“This is your villa, Purple lightning official spent quite a bit of energy on this. You should have come earlier to check it out.” Gold feather official said.

Luo Feng smiled and said, “I was busy training, hence I was only able to come today.”

“Ah, training, no matter, training is still the most important.” Apeman purple lightning nodded. The other two smiled and followed suit. What were these 3 tycoons hoping for within? That this absolute genius would focus completely on training and not worry too much about the supervising job.

With the 3 tycoons welcoming him, Luo Feng entered Luo Villa.

…

The construction of Luo Villa only took 3 days, but the preparation for the ceremony however took 10 days of time. The main thing was that several valuable ingredients for the dishes had to be sent over from different parts of the universe. Since the 3 tycoons wanted to make it majestic, making Luo Feng look extremely grand, they did everything to the best of their abilities!

Silmultaneously.

As the Ganwu universe country’s 300 emperor officials and some other powerful undying families all live quite far away.

Hence the invites were sent one month in advance, allowing all the big figures to rush over in time.

In an instant, the sky had turned dark.

The entire Luo Villa had lights illuminating it. Outside the villa, it was impossible to see clearly what went on within, and today, many incredibly expensive universe ships stopped in the air outside the villa, after which, undyings would exit from them and all formally walk in through the entrance.

Within the main hall.

“Big brother, you go stay in the study for now, I’ll go accompany the guests. In a while when I need you out here, I will inform you.” Luo Feng said to Hong, arranging for him to stay in a small quiet study.

“Luo Feng!”

“Quickly come over, the guests are arriving.”

Purple lightning official, Gold feather official and Black yan official looked at Luo Feng.

“I’m coming.” Luo Feng smiled and walked over. With just two flashes, he had moved from one end of the hall to another.

“Today, the guests we’ve invited are after all the true important people of the Ganwu universe country. With these powerful people, since we sent the invitations, we have to be respectful.” Purple lightning official smiled. “However, there’s still about 100km from the entrance to the main hall. They wouldn’t rush through it either, and will actually chat along the way, hence it’ll take awhile for them to get here.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The 4 tycoons of the Ganwu department all stood at 2 sides of the main hall, gazing at the distant entrance. Luo Feng could clearly feel many powerful law energies spread throughout. Be it bright light and glaring energies, or lightning sparks, or ground like heaviness, or flame like madness…

The origin law energies were emanating throughout, the surrounding space was shaking and warping.

Finally.

The powerful beings all appeared within their line of sight. The great beings of the Ganwu universe country, they were all dressed in either grey long robes with long hair and bare feet, or exquisite long robes, or armor that gave everyone a powerful bloodthirst. Another one rode a small undying beast and while one was completely covered in a robe, revealing only his eyes…

Some were up to 10m tall while others not even 1m.

Some were covered in fur, like a beast man.

Others had no hair at all, and resembled a metallic skin, not a single strand.

…

These were mostly official level undyings, and they formed their own groups and chatted along the way, pulling distance from their enemies, while heading towards the main hall.

“Luo Feng.” Purple lightning official communicated secretly. “Other than inviting the 300 Emperor officials, there are other official level undyings, along with some with powerful background and strength. Also some others are closer to you, like Bushka of the Bushka family, and the god leader of the Black Dragon mountain empire. Even though some of their statuses aren’t high enough, we still invited them.”


Chapter 618: Adulation

Luo Feng nodded, looking at the distant group of powerful undyings walking and chatting.

“Golden feather official, Purple lightning official, Black yan official!” A man was walking right in front with a large nose, single horn and curly hair, dressed in an exquisite dark gold long robe. He laughed carefree as he walked ahead of the group. In a flash, he had already reached the main entrance of the hall, full of smiles as he looked at Luo Feng, “This must be the new supervisor envoy Mr Luo Feng.”

“Haha, you are the quickest.” Apeman Purple lightning official laughed loudly. He turned towards Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, this is one of the 300 Emperor officials of the Ganwu universe country, Dragon Wing emperor.”

“Dragon wing emperor, how do you do.” Luo Feng nodded and smiled.

The emperor officials of the universe country, their bearing wasn’t low at all, they were after all official level undyings.

“Haha, I’ve long heard of your name. You’ve given our Ganwu universe country some reputation, today I finally get to meet you.” Dragon wing emperor laughed loudly and said. After which, he brought his two underlings and entered the main hall, led by two staff.

After which, another undying walked over, waving passionately at the 3 tycoons and Luo Feng.

…

The many undyings all brought their underlings and the Ganwu department’s 3 tycoons along with Luo Feng welcomed them.

After a while.

“Purple lightning official, Gold feather official, Black yan official. Your invite really made me, Black dragon, happy, haha…” A tall and sturdy giant dressed completely in black dragon scales and with a single black dragon horn on his forehead walked over very passionately. When his gaze landed on Luo Feng, his eyes gleamed even more.

“Luo Feng, this is your god leader of the Black Dragon mountain empire from your hometown, just call him Black dragon.” Apeman purple lightning official smiled and introduced.

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Ah…

This tall and sturdy godlike giant that gave off a beast like aura. He was actually the god leader of the black Dragon Mountain empire’s sacred land Black dragon mountain.

“Mr Black dragon, how do you do.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Hahaha, you are from the Black Dragon mountain empire, I Black dragon naturally feel very proud.” Black dragon god leader laughed loudly and was very passionate, after which he entered the main hall.

Apeman Purple lightning official watched as Black dragon entered the main hall, after which, he communicated, “Luo Feng, your hometown’s Black dragon mountain empire god leader…comes from a weaker race of the dragon humans in Black Dragon mountain. There are a total of about 10,000 people in his race in that region.

He is the head ancestor of that region, hence he built the Black Dragon mountain empire. His strength is average, still far from that of an official. Normally, for these sort of gatherings, he wouldn’t even be qualified enough to participate. However because he’s the god leader of your home town, we ended up invited him.”

Luo Feng nodded.

One after another.

“That’s him…”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

A tall and skinny man with lumps all over his head brought a kind looking old man with a head full of white hair. As for this white haired old man…Luo Feng naturally recognized, it was Hong’s teacher…The time sector lord Luo! Beside him should be his good friend the undying Bushka.

“Bushak.” Apeman purple lightning official smiled and shouted, “Haha, you’ve finally arrived. This Luo Feng…I don’t need to introduce any further.”

Luo Feng and Hong’s matters, Luo Feng had already revealed to the 3 tycoons the moment they met.

And the reason why Bushka received the invitation, even he knew himself.

That tall and skinny man with a head full of lumps smiled at Luo Feng, and beside him the time sector lord Luo looked at Luo Feng too.

“Big brother is inside, Mr Bushka, Mr Luo, we’ll chat later.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Hm.”

The two of them nodded and entered the main hall.

…

There were a total of close to 1000 invitations sent out by the 3 tycoons. Other than the few for special reasons, like exploring the universe secret regions or engaging in battles with the other races of the universe, the rest all showed up. About 80% of the invited guests had arrived.

Luo Feng welcomed them one after another, and got a better recognition of the upper echelon of the Ganwu universe country.

The so called royalty, crown princes, were laughable.

The true powers of the universe country were still the great undyings.

“Gold feather official, Purple lightning official, Black yan official.” A clear voice resounded. A silver robed man with silver hair from his temples brought a man and woman along with him. Simultaneously he smiled and waved, after which he looked at Luo Feng, “Mr Luo Feng, the supervisor envoy, being able to meet you makes me happy.”

“Luo Feng, this is Silver Snow official.” Apeman purple lightning official smiled and explained.

He’s come!

The main guest had arrived! The most important guest he had to meet tonight had come!

It was him, the one who stopped his big brother and Ji Qing!

Luo Feng looked at this silver robed man with a cold aura, he smiled, “Silver snow official’s reputation, when I first came to Jade dome planet, I already heard from many people discussing. Even here on Jade Dome planet, they even build a city Tian Cang city in your name. To be able to meet you today makes me really happy.”

“Haha.” Silver snow official couldn’t help but laugh.

“I’ve also heard from my guard captain the story of how silver snow official had cased and killed the undying metal life forms Kubati. Just thinking about how you chased him over countless starfields, killed through the bug clan territory, amidst the bug clan’s region finally killing Kubati. It really makes one’s blood boil with excitement.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

Silver snow official’s smile grew even wider, laughing, “That was back then. It’s not worth mentioning at all, not worth mentioning.”

Silver snow official seemed prideful.

However, it still depended on who he was talking to. Luo Feng, as a primal region member, and now a supervisor envoy, his position was no lower than his. As the new favored absolute genius of the Virtual Universe company, plus True Yan as his teacher! He was definitely one of the new prides of the entire humanity of the universe.

Such an absolute genius, saying these words, it immediately made Silver snow official feel extremely good within.

“Silver snow official, please go in first to rest, we’ll chat later.” Luo Feng said.

“Hm.”

Silver snow official smiled and nodded, after which he brought Yukan and Ji Feng Yan who were behind him and entered the main hall.

The scene however had let Purple lightning official, Gold feather official and Black yan exchange secret glances and communicate secretly.

“After receiving so many guests, I’ve never seen Luo Feng that passionate.”

“Right, it’s almost like he met the person he worships. Luo Feng’s status and perspective is very high too. He needn’t lower himself to such standards right.”

“Does he really worship Silver snow official?”

Even though the 3 tycoons knew of Luo Feng’s relationship with Hong from his confession, they didn’t know about the matter of Hong and Ji Qing. After all, the 3 high and mighty tycoons, why would they bother with such little affairs of the heart. Hence they were extremely curious as to why Luo Feng was so courteous earlier.

Finally, close to 1,000 undying guests had all entered the main hall, they sat in their groups around and discussed softly.

And the 3 tycoons of the Ganwu department along with Luo Feng returned to the main hall too.

“Gold feather official.”

A voice reached Gold feathers ears, he turned, in the distance sat Silver snow official Ji Tian Cang.

“Silver snow official, is anything the matter?” Gold feather walked over and sat opposite him.

“There is something.” Silver snow said, “Isn’t your military department in charge of the entire Ganwu universe country’s absorption of the elites?”

“Why?” Gold feather looked at him.

Absorption of geniuses, besides the genius battles, was a normal thing that occurred throughout the universe. The elites were split into 3rd grade, 2nd grade, 1st grade and special elites, prior to deciding on the most exceptional that would enter the core. Actually, compared to the genius battles and hero battles, those absorbed geniuses were no weaker.

“There’s a quota for the elites nurturing, can you give my Ji family 5 times the number?” Silver snow official said.

“5 times?” Gold feather smiled slyly, “That’s too high. Hm, I still have something to attend to, I’ll chat with you later.”

After which Gold feather left immediately.

“This silver snow official really dared to ask, 5 times the quota? The Virtual Universe company spends so much of resources to nurture the elites. For him to want more of his Ji family in, to let the company nurture his people and not having to spend his family’s money. Hmph…” His eyes gleamed with disdain, giving off a demonic feeling.

However after spotting the distant Luo Feng, he immediately changed and became all friendly again.

“Luo Feng.” Gold feather smiled and walked over.

…

Watching Gold feather leave, Silver snow frowned. At this time, Ji Feng Yan and Yukan walked back and Ji Feng Yan asked softly, “Ancestor, did Gold feather official agree?”

“Gold feather didn’t agree or reject.” Silver snow snorted coldly, “For 5 times the quota on for our Ji family’s snow border star field, it’s still not obvious within the Ganwu universe country’s entire region. According to the number of elites every generation, nurturing these would have slight ripples. With a few more in, it wouldn’t require Gold feather to spend that much more resources…however, if we don’t satisfy him, accomplishing this would still be hard.”

A family’s future was most important.

He had 15 undyings under him. If he was the only pillar of light, how would he have such power today?

A small family, growing to be as large as a race.

Nurturing future generations was incomparably important.

“Ancestor.” Ji Feng Yan said softly.

“Hm?” Silver snow official looked at Ji Feng Yan.

“Everyone here can all see that Luo Feng is but a domain lord level 9 punk. Even though he’s a pinnacle genius within the universe, however the path to undying isn’t easy at all, he might even fall soon. The many undyings here all probably don’t care much about him.” Ji Feng Yan said softly, “However, from start to end, they are all extremely courteous to him. This is without a doubt…because of the 3 Ganwu department tycoons.”

Silver snow official looked at Ji Feng Yan.

“The Ganwu department 3 tycoons control too many resources! For a power to grow…one has to depend on the business department! For the family’s future nurture…one has to depend on the military department! Even the strong wanting to head out to explore outside the starfields, to ensure safety and more recognition, he has to depend on the army department. The 300 Emperor officials, many powerful undying families, none dare go against or disrespect the 3 tycoons!”

“Everybody is courteous to Luo Feng!”

“This is because the 3 tycoons are worried about Luo Feng. He has the supervisor envoy power. Hence they are so polite, personally inviting all the huge figures of the Ganwu universe country and personally introducing all of them to Luo Feng. Who has ever seen the 3 tycoons so polite before? It was normally the other way around!”

“Hence!” Ji Feng Yan said confidently, “As long as we can convince Luo Feng to help, if he speaks for us, it would probably be much more useful.”

“Hm.”

Silver snow official nodded, “This I understand. But Luo Feng’s background and status is huge too. Asking for his help won’t be too easy either.”

“Doesn’t Luo Feng respect you a lot?” Ji Feng Yan said.

“Respect?”

Silver snow official squinted, muttering to himself, “Hm…In awhile, I’ll look for Luo Feng to have a chat.”


Chapter 619: That’s My Big Brother

Within the main hall.

These group of undyings with their underlings, there were a total of thousands gathered in the main hall. The 3 tycoons chatted for a while before walking up to the main stage in front.

“Attention all!” Apeman purple lightning smiled at the many undyings below.

“Haha…”

The many undyings all smiled and looked up, ready to listen to the 3 tycoons speak.

“When it comes to picking from the Virtual Universe company’s genius battles, there’s one batch after every era. However, to actually defeat the absolute geniuses who had trained for thousands of years in the qualification battles and make it into the primal region, how many are there?” Purple lightning spoke loudly, “Everybody, thought Bolan was the genius of the past 10,000 eras, however the person I’m speaking about is…even stronger than Bolan! His improvement speed is much faster! For such a genius to appear, there will probably be only one in every million eras?”

“Who is he?”

Purple lightning was all smiles, “He’s none other than our Ganwu department’s new supervisor envoy…Luo Feng! And for a long time in the future, he will be myself, Gold feather official and Black Yan official’s best partner.”

“Right, he will be our best partner. Many things in the Virtual Universe company’s Ganwu department will be requiring his supervision.” Gold feather spoke too.

“For the Virtual Universe company’s headquarters to send Luo Feng to join our Ganwu department, myself, Gold feather and Purple lightning are incredibly happy, to be able to work with True Yan emperor’s favorite disciple and absolute genius like Luo Feng.” The black robed lady smiled and said, her voice resounding throughout the entire hall into everybody’s ears, “Let us welcome Mr Luo Feng up here!”

“Welcome!”

“Welcome Luo Feng up here.”

Purple lightning and Gold feather shouted passionately.

With the 3 tycoons that passionate on stage, how could the undyings from the Ganwu universe country not follow suit? If they did not show their support at such a critical time, the moment it was remembered by the 3 tycoons, that would mean big trouble. Hence, the group of undyings all acted extremely passionately.

“Luo Feng!” Purple lightning shouted passionately.

Luo Feng could only walk up the stage.

…

The 3 tycoon’s passionate welcome also made the great undyings shocked.

“The 3 tycoons of the Ganwu department, they were usually arrogant. Very few in the Ganwu universe country could make them act like that. However today…tsk tsk…”

“Isn’t he just a supervisor envoy, is there even a need to act like this?? If that Luo Feng doesn’t fall in line, then it will be secretly arranged by someone to make him disappear. When that happens, there wouldn’t even be any proof! No matter what, it’s only a domain lord level punk, there are means to deal with him.” Some of the undyings discussed secretly.

“Killing Luo Feng, don’t you know his teacher is True Yan emperor?”

“Would True Yan dare make a mess without any proof?”

“Haha, looks like True Yan has indeed been in primal chaos city for too long, over a trillion years in there, it’s resulted in many forgetting his incident.”

…

The group of undyings, the thing they were most used to doing was to destroy their enemies from the core. Hence, even though they knew Luo Feng was the supervisor envoy, he was after all still only a domain lord level 9 little boy, it made many of them naturally underestimate him.

However seeing how the Ganwu department’s 3 tycoons were that passionate, and expressing their support towards Luo Feng

They were showcasing the fact that Luo Feng was from the same faction as them, and that they were the 4 tycoons of the Ganwu department!

Messing with Luo Feng would mean messing with all of them!

…

Those words were an attitude and a declaration.

Immediately, it made the group of undyings all change their mindset. Hence, at this point in their hearts, Luo Feng’s position stood higher than before.

“Offending Luo Feng would mean offending the 3 tycoons, and offending them…would mean being pushed aside in the Ganwu universe country.” Many undyings saw through it clearly. “Obviously, Purple lightning, Gold feather and Black yan official, their background isn’t sturdy enough, they are afraid of Luo Feng finding trouble with them.”

“Hm!”

“During the time Luo Feng is the supervisor envoy, there’s one more person we cannot offend in the Ganwu department…Luo Feng, he’s considered the 4th tycoon.”

The group of undyings all pondered from their families’ perspectives, clearly recognizing Luo Feng’s importance.

After the Ganwu department’s 4 tycoons walked down from the stage, the many undyings then began to enjoy the ceremony. The staff who were around began to bring out valuable and delicious food the 3 tycoons had brought over from different parts of the universe. Immediately the entire main all was bustling with discussions.

“Gold feather and the rest are so blatant in their attitude, obviously they are showing their support for Luo Feng.” Silver snow official sat in the corner, smiling and nodding.

“As long as we can get Luo feng’s help, the matter would almost be resolved.” Ji Feng Yan said softly.

“Teacher, look over there, Bushka.” Yukan said.

Silver snow turned to look, easily spotting the distant tall and skinny man with lumps all over his head. He couldn’t help but say coldly, “Bushka? And beside him should be Hong’s teacher Luo. I didn’t expect them to have the right to come to this ceremony, I really wonder what the 3 tycoons are thinking!”

“Ancestor, Hong and Little Qing’s matter…” Ji Feng Yan said softly.

“Chasing him out of Jade Dome star or killing him is useless.” Silver snow said coldly, “We have to make Qing Qing choose to give up and forget that punk, that’s what I need. As for that Bushka, he doesn’t dare mess with me. And that punk Hong…has no threat whatsoever. Solve it anyway you want.”

Ji Feng Yan and Yukan nodded.

In their eyes, Hong was akin to mud, they could knead him according to what they wanted.

“Stay here you two, I’ll look for Luo Feng to chat.” Silver snow stood up.

“Yes Ancestor (Teacher).”

Ji Feng Yan and Yukan said respectfully.

Silver snow then headed straight towards the group of undyings who were chatting with Luo Feng.

…

“He’s coming!” Luo Feng saw from the corner of his eye that Silver Snow was walking over. He thought, “I haven’t even looked for him and he’s coming to me by himself.”

“Listen well!”

Luo Feng communicated to a sector lord in the side of the hall, “In awhile, when I begin chatting with Silver snow, you’ll head to the study and bring my big brother Hong to the main hall, and get him to shout loudly for me.”

“Yes your majesty!”

The sector lord nodded.

…

In just a few seconds, Silver snow automatically began chatting with Luo Feng. Luo Feng was incomparably passionate and respectful as he began to chat with Silver snow about his escapades, expressing his shock and respect. And the sector lord that stood at the side saw the scene and immediately headed to the study.

After entering through to the door.

Within that study, Hong sat on the sofa.

“Hm?” Hong turned to look at the sector lord who entered.

“Mr Hong.” The sector lord spoke, “His majesty ordered that you should follow me into the main hall and when you see him, shout out to him.”

“Understood.” Hong nodded.

He got up and followed the sector lord out of the study.

Exiting the study, he entered the main hall and with a glance…he saw the delicious delicacies that were around, which was enough to make normal undyings bankrupt. This included even the group of undyings, and all the upper echelons of the Ganwu universe country. The only one above them was the Country leader!

“It’s him!” In the distance, Ji Feng Yan who was paying attention to the surroundings saw Hong in the side, he frowned, “Why is that punk here, how did he get in?”

“Who?” Yukan asked curiously.

“The youth standing there.” Ji Feng Yan said softly, “He is Hong.”

“That’s him?” Yukan looked carefully at Hong.

After Hong entered the main hall, he too carefully observed the scene. There were thousands within the hall, the powerful law energies…caused a great mix of law ripples throughout. Hong swiftly discovered a silver robed man chatting with his brother…Luo Feng!

“Third brother!” Hong shouted, his voice reverberating throughout the main hall, drawing the attention of many undyings.

A universe level punk?

The group of undyings were all curious.

…

“Speaking of which, the bug clan region was extremely terrifying. There were endless amounts of bugs, just looking at the numbers would shock anyone. During that battle, we had 32 undyings, yet 28 of them died.” Silver snow stood there, his eyes filled with nostalgia, telling Luo Feng the tragic battle of back then.

Luo Feng listened intently, almost holding his breath.

“Third brother!” A voice resounded.

“Hm?” Luo Feng turned to look and smiled, “Big brother, in a second!”

Silver snow who was in the midst of speaking was stunned before he smiled, “Ah, Luo Feng’s big brother, who is it?” He turned to look, spotting the silhouette in the distance, that silhouette continued, “Ok, I’ll wait here for you.”

“Hm?”

Silver snow squinted, staring at the silhouette.

It’s him?

Big brother?

Silver snow turned to look at Luo Feng, Luo Feng kept his smile and said, “That’s my big brother Hong! My brother through life and death!”

“Brother through life and death?”

Silver snow was immediately thrown off. He had recognized Hong the moment he spotted him, due to Ji Qing’s matter earlier, he had checked up on Hong’s information, and his pictures, footage etc! However…Silver snow official, he really didn’t know of his relationship with Luo Feng.

Hong and Luo Feng were life and death brothers, that was indeed never made public.

Back then they both took part in the genius battles under the Black Dragon mountain empire citizen identities. Hence from the outside, people only knew them as Black Dragon mountain empire people.

As for their relationship…

If one didn’t try hard enough, it was indeed hard to check up on.

“That punk is actually Luo Feng’s big brother, and life and death brother?” Silver snow frowned, as many thoughts floating through his mind swiftly. He was an undying, even though it had been very long since he actually needed to scheme something, his consciousness calculation speed was extremely fast. It swiftly connected Luo Feng’s passionate greetings, Bushka and Luo’s appearance and he understood everything.

“No wonder Buska was able to attend this ceremony!”

“No wonder Luo Feng was that passionate!”

“So, it’s all because…Hong is his big brother!” Silver snow looked at Luo Feng before him.

Luo Feng however kept his smile and looked back, “Looks like my brother cannot wait any longer. Silver snow official, the affair between my big brother and Ji Qing, I don’t wish to intervene. But I’d like to ask…what’s the matter with that? I wonder if you could enlighten me? If you cannot, that’s fine too.”

Silver snow looked at Luo Feng and squinted as he pondered, finally he spoke, “Since Hong is your big brother, I’ll tell you.”


Chapter 620: So That’s What It Was

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Looks like there was indeed a reason for Silver snow to stop Hong and Ji Qing being together.

“Sit!”

Silver snow pointed to the side.

Luo Feng nodded and sat.

“Ji Qing.” Silver snow sat and poured himself some wine, simultaneously speaking, “This child is the most exceptional genius of our Ji family in a trillion years. The first time I met this child, I only exchanged a few words with her, from within I was surprised to discover she wasn’t ordinary at all.”

Luo Feng listened quietly.

“She is a genius, our Ji family’s absolute genius.” Silver snow smiled, “She walks the path of a spirit reader hypnotist.”

“Hypnotist?” Luo Feng frowned.

From the genius battles before, with only one Jia Lai Xi actually making it through, it was easy to see… it was extremely hard for a hypnotist to make any progress at all!

“Hm, an exceptional hypnotist at that. Hence, she was accepted in the Universe Mercenary Alliance core.” Silver snow smiled. “You should understand that all hypnotist that have shocking accomplishments all have great understanding of the characteristics of people.”

Luo Feng nodded.

To become a strong hypnotist, the requirements were extremely high. In terms of character and people’s aspirations etc, they had to have an extremely deep understanding!

“Such a genius like Ji Qing, a genius that can clearly see through character and aspirations etc, she doesn’t need any mental state training.” Silver snow smiled, “Whatever she does, I can rest assured! And in the vast universe…love and relationships, the strong all have thousands to tens of thousands of partners, this is very normal. For a strong man to have countless women, a strong woman to have countless men, according to my character, not even her relationship with Hong, even if she had thousands of men, I wouldn’t bother.”

Luo Feng looked suspiciously at Silver snow.

What did these words mean?

If he didn’t mind, why stop them?

“The one who’s stopping them, isn’t me.” Silver snow emphasized to Luo Feng. “It’s her teacher…Fantasy spirit emperor!”

“It’s her teacher?” Luo Feng was shocked. “Fantasy spirit emperor, is, is that spirit devil clan great being…Fantasy spirit emperor?”

“Hm.”

Silver snow nodded.

Luo Feng felt his heart sink.

After following his teacher True Yan and listening to his stories, he often heard of powerful beings from him. That Sky feather emperor was one, and Fantasy spirit emperor was another.

Fantasy spirit emperor was a member of the Universe Mercenary Alliance, an emperor level undying that was extremely terrifying. Even though he had only passed the 19th level of the heavenly bridge, in terms of origin law comprehension, he seemed to be below True Yan and Sky feather emperor by one level, but she had incomparably peculiar hypnotism powers…

Hence, amongst the emperor level undyings, she was one of the most terrifying beings.

The moment one was attacked by her, they would unconsciously be dragged into an illusion and die within.

And the most intrepid thing was her slaves…

There were 81 undyings under her control, of which there were 79 official level and 2 emperor level undyings!

This level of control, was much stronger than the master of the Yun Mo Planet Hu Yan Bo.

Back when he heard of her story, Luo Feng was incredibly shocked… she was too strong. Just the undyings under her went up to 81? And 2 emperor levels? One had to know that his own teacher True Yan Emperor had taught so many disciples, yet he only had 1 emperor level disciple.

“Fantasy spirit emperor’s position is heavily worshipped.” Luo Feng frowned. “Even if Ji Qing is her disciple, she needn’t micro manage that much right. Don’t tell me anyone who becomes her disciple cannot have a relationship?”

“It is truly that way.”

Silver snow official shook his head and sighed. “Luo Feng, I don’t know if you’ve ever searched up on the information regarding her disciples. There are 19 disciples under her, of which 7 are men and 12 are women, and these 19 have lived for extremely long, existing over trillions of years. However they all have one similarity…”

“Similarity?” Luo Feng was suspicious.

“The 19 have never ever had a relationship!” Silver snow emphasized.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was shocked.

In the vast universe, it was easy to find a partner that one could fall in love with.

Hence it was very strange that the 19 had never found a partner.

“Back then, Fantasy spirit emperor had found out through one of her channels about Ji Qing and Hong. She was immediately enraged, asking me directly if Qing Qing had performed any acts of the love. From my energy sense, I could still feel her life energy was still very pure, never having engaged in any of the acts. Only after knowing that did Fantasy spirit relax a little. However, she warned me strictly…to stop this affair between her and Hong, otherwise she could only expel her and not let her stay as her disciple.”

Luo Feng realized.

Silver snow looked at Luo Feng and sighed softly, “You should understand why I stopped it now, it wasn’t me that wanted to, but Fantasy spirit emperor. Just being an absolute genius isn’t enough, one has to have a good teacher. My Ji family hasn’t had an absolute genius like her in so long. For such an exceptional genius, how could I let her be expelled from Fantasy spirit emperor’s door?”

Luo Feng nodded.

It was easy to understand silver snow official’s thoughts.

To actually become a disciple of a great undying was an extremely hard thing to do. Just like himself, when he was 1 out of the 1,000 geniuses in the same batch, finally those able to get an emperor level teacher didn’t even hit 10…much less an absolute pinnacle being who were considered powerful even amongst the emperor level undyings, that was purely a miracle.

“How can this be, they are but her disciples. Is there such a need to meddle in their affairs?” Luo Feng frowned.

“I’m not clear of the reason.” Silver snow shook his head, “I only know that Fantasy spirit emperor doesn’t allow her disciples to have any affairs, otherwise they’d be kicked out!”

“This…”

Luo Feng was troubled.

What should he do next?

Fantasy spirit emperor!

This was a being close to Sky feather and True Yan emperor. Luo Feng gazed around, the group of undyings here were high in position in the Ganwu universe country, however none of them were emperor level. And Fantasy Spirit even had two undying slaves that were emperor level!

Fantasy spirit emperor could be completely careless about the group here.

“My position here is nothing against her. Even my teacher…he could at most speak on equal terms with her, he cannot make her submit.” Luo Feng thought.

True Yan, Fantasy spirit, even though their strengths were close, the two were of different factions.

Fantasy spirit had no need to submit to True Yan emperor.

“Silver snow official, is there any other way?” Luo Feng looked at him.

“I have no way.” Silver snow shook his head, “Fantasy spirit couldn’t care less about me.”

Luo Feng frowned.

“If your teacher True Yan appears, there may be some chance.” Silver snow suddenly said.

Luo Feng glanced at Silver snow, he didn’t wish to make his teacher show himself for such matters.

“I’ve already told you the details, I have no other way, but I have to tell you…For Qing Qing to get Fantasy spirit emperor as her teacher is a great miracle. I definitely will not allow her to be expelled.” Silver snow looked at Luo Feng.

Within the main hall.

The great beings of the Ganwu universe country all chatted in their groups, and in the corner…Hong, Bushka, Luo and Dylan stood together.

“I wonder how third brother’s chat is going.” Hong looked at the distant Luo Feng chatting with Silver snow.

“Don’t rush.”

The white haired Luo smiled. “His majesty Luo Feng has a special position, he even has the 3 tycoons of the Ganwu department behind him. Even that Silver snow official…has to respect him.”

“He can disrespect me, but he wouldn’t dare disrespect Luo Feng.” The tall and skinny Bushka with a head full of lumps smiled.

“Hmph!”

The black robe bald man Dylan snorted softly, “The undyings in this hall, many of them have undyings under them, however none would dare disrespect his majesty.”

Hong nodded, looking at the distant Luo Feng and Silver snow.

After awhile…

Luo Feng and Silver snow finished their chat, Luo Feng turned and walked towards Hong.

“Third brother.” Hong welcomed him.

“Big brother.” Luo Feng walked over, his expression complex.

Hong saw Luo Feng’s expression and knew within that things weren’t looking good.

“What’s the matter?” Hong asked softly.

“Big brother.” Luo Feng found it hard to say. “It’s this way, the one truly stopping you and Ji Qing isn’t Silver snow official, but Fantasy spirit emperor. And this Fantasy spirit emperor…”

Luo Feng explained in detail and described how terrifying she was.

Bushka, Luo and Dylan stood beside and listened.

“That’s how it is.” Luo Feng looked at Hong.

“There’s actually the Fantasy spirit emperor behind this.” Bushka’s expression changed.

“She’s extremely hard to deal with.” Dylan frowned. “Even if my teacher appeared, it would still be useless, unless it was the ancestor teacher…there may be some use there.”

The white haired Luo frowned, looking at Hong, saying softly, “Student…since it’s Fantasy spirit stopping you, and all her disciples are single, it’s fated that she would absolute never change her rules easily. From what I see…you should just give up!”

Hong stood there silently.

“Give up, why do all this for a woman.” Bushka advised him too, “Even if you see through it, it’s useless.”

“There are some things we should give up, but some we have to persevere at.” Hong revealed a smile, looking at Bushka and Luo, “Teacher, Elder Bushka…I definitely won’t give up that easily.”

“Third brother.” Hong looked at Luo Feng.

“Whatever you need me to do, just speak.” Luo Feng looked at his big brother.

“I’m truly troubling you this time, otherwise I wouldn’t even know the reason now.” Hong shook his head. “In his eyes, I’m probably not even worth the explanation. I have something I need you to help me with now, and also the last thing.”

“Big brother, speak directly, we are both from earth and life and death brothers. Hence, you can skip the formalities.” Luo Feng looked at Hong.

“I wish…”

Hong looked at Luo feng, “To meet Fantasy spirit emperor once!”

Luo Feng, Dylan, Bushka and Luo were all shocked.


Chapter 621: Fantasy Spirit Emperor

Meeting Fantasy Spirit Emperor?

Luo Feng, Dylan, Luo and Bushka all had wide perspectives of the universe. Having seen much around, they also knew of the pinnacle beings of the 1,008 universe countries. For a small universe level punk trying to meet True Yan emperor, would it be that simple? It was simply dreaming. Similarly, would it be so easy to meet fantasy spirit emperor?

“Big brother, this…” Luo Feng frowned.

Wanting to meet fantasy spirit, he himself didn’t have any connections with her, and never seen her before.

“Is there no way?” Hong looked at Luo Feng, “If there’s truly no way, then…”

“Don’t rush.”

Luo Feng shook his head, “Big brother, I can only say I’ll try my best.”

“Hm.” Hong nodded.

The ceremony went on.

Luo Feng lifted a wine glass and returned to Silver snow official’s side.

“Luo Feng.” Silver snow sat there, slightly lifting his glass.

Beside, the undying Yukan and sector lord Ji Feng Yan immediately made way. Luo Feng sat opposite Silver snow and smiled, “Silver snow official, I have something to ask of you.”

“What is it? Speak.” Silver snow Ji Tian Cang looked at Luo Feng. He was filled with disdain when dealing with Hong, however towards Luo Feng, he was still respectful. An absolute genius that was that glorious in the Virtual Universe company, with even True Yan emperor supporting him from behind, as long as he didn’t fall, he would be terrifying in the future!

Luo Feng smiled, “Please help me send a mail.”

“Mail?” Silver snow official squinted, asking curiously, “It’s for…”

“Fantasy spirit emperor.” Luo Feng nodded.

Silver snow official was shocked.

“I’ll write the details of the mail, naturally I’ll let you see it too!” Luo Feng smiled. “No matter, this mail is for you to send, naturally I won’t get you in trouble.”

“Haha, I’m not worried about that. I believe that even you Luo Feng wouldn’t want to mess with Fantasy spirit emperor and enrage her.” Silver snow nodded and smiled.

“Hm, this is the content.”

Luo Feng lifted his wrist and on it a mail appeared on his screen, the mail was already opened.

Silver snow read the mail on the screen.

“He wishes to meet Fantasy spirit emperor? He really, really dares to wish it? That universe level punk, without any special background whatsoever. With Fantasy emperor’s status, why would she meet him?” Silver snow was very shocked, he looked suspiciously at Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, do you have such a need to stick your neck out for him?”

“He’s like my blood brother, I definitely have to help.” Luo Feng said.

“Hm.”

Silver snow nodded.

“I’ll help you send this mail to Fantasy spirit emperor, as for whether she wishes to actually meet Hong and you, that’ll depend on luck.” Silver snow smiled. “I’ll give you some advice, if your teacher True Yan is willing to appear, no matter what, at least to meet up… Fantasy spirit emperor will definitely meet you.”

Luo Feng smiled and shook his head.

Without a fool proof plan, it was best not to trouble his teacher. His teacher was already teaching him and he was incredibly grateful for that. As for troubling him with these matters, wouldn’t his teacher become a nanny then?

This was highly disrespectful.

“It’s already sent.” Silver snow looked at Luo Feng, “The moment she wishes to meet you, I’ll inform you.”

“Thank you.”

Luo Feng smiled, “I’ll give you my virtual universe network number, you can contact me directly.”

…

The main man of the ceremony was Luo feng. As it went on, Luo Feng lifted his wine glass and chatted with many of the undyings, the group of undyings all didn’t dare underestimate this punk. Afterall, just his power alone was enough to affect all of them.

The ceremony finally ended!

However Silver snow had yet to receive a reply from Fantasy spirit.

Jade Dome planet, Luo Residence.

The true upper echelon of the Ganwu universe country had all left in their universe ships. Even the 3 tycoons Purple lightning, Gold feather and Black yan official had left.

…

Night.

With the guests all gone, Luo Feng walked alone in the quiet and spacious palace hallways.

“Big brother.” Luo Feng spotted the black robed Hong silently sitting in the grass patch.

Luo Feng was like a breeze moving through the railing, quickly reaching Hong’s side. Hong turned to Luo Feng and said, “Sit.”

“Still troubled?” Luo Feng sat and smiled.

“Not troubled, just waiting.” Hong turned and smiled at him. “Waiting for the opportunity to come. No matter what, at least tonight I found out why Silver snow official stopped me and Ji Qing. After knowing the reason clearly, only then can I think of solutions to solve the problem.”

“You seem very confident.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Not one bit, only…there are some things that one must do.” Hong laughed, “After trying one’s best, only then would there be no regrets. Even if I cannot do it now…when I get stronger in the future, even stronger than Fantasy spirit emperor, I’ll then bring Qing Qing back myself.”

Luo Feng looked shocked at his big brother.

Stronger than Fantasy spirit emperor?

Was he simply bragging or just very confident?

Fantasy spirit emperor…that was absolute a pinnacle being that stood at the top of the universe. With just a wave of her hand she could kill trillions, making an entire group of undyings fall under her hypnotism and die within.

“With no boundaries within, the future becomes limitless.” Hong looked at Luo Feng. “Third brother, don’t have any fear within. If you let yourself feel certain things are extremely hard to pass, how would you be able to do it in reality?”

Luo Feng was stunned.

With no boundaries within, the future becomes limitless?

“No matter how powerful a being is, they all took steps to get there.” Hong laughed. “As long as you keep improving, keep improving. And with an endless life span…then, becoming a great being in the universe isn’t impossible.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Suddenly he paused for a moment…

He quickly connected to the virtual universe network and instantly returned.

“Big brother.” A smile showed on Luo Feng’s face.

“Hm?” Hong looked at Luo Feng and smiled, “Looking at your expression, it must be good news.”

“Hm, I just received Silver snow official’s mail.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Silver snow’s?” Hong’s eyes gleamed.

“Hm, he forwarded Fantasy spirit emperor’s reply.” Luo Feng smiled.

“She’s agreed?” Hong’s eyes gleamed with visible light.

Luo Feng smiled and nodded, “Right!”

“Fantasy spirit emperor will send members under her to head to Black Dragon Mountain’s 9 star bay, who will then bring us to meet her in her palace.” Luo Feng said, “Hence from now on, we have to constantly maintain a thread of our consciousness in the virtual universe network to await the order and meeting.”

Hong nodded.

…

Virtual universe, Black Dragon mountain island, 9 star bay.

Luo Feng and Hong looked at the man before them.

This man was 3m tall, with a couple of black feathered wings on his back, and on his forehead were 10 horns that were different in lengths. He wore black armor and he smiled as he looked at Luo Feng, “True Yan emperor’s disciple Luo Feng? How do you do? I am Fantasy spirit emperor’s disciple Bushla.”

“How do you do Bushla.” Luo Feng nodded.

“This is the punk that wants to marry my junior?” The black feathered man glanced at Hong. His lips curling into a smile, almost somewhat disdainful. Hong wanted to answer but he quickly turned back to Luo Feng, “Let’s go, teacher is waiting for you two.”

“Alright.”

Luo feng nodded and immediately, the three of them followed the man and swiftly left 9 star bay, reaching a teleportation region not far from there and transferred.

…

Shua!

Luo Feng, Hong and the black feathered man Bushla appeared within a vast palace plaza.

“Rumble…” The waves crashed against the shore.

The entire palace was 100,000 km tall, and was split into 9 levels. The lowest level was closest to the ocean, and the plaza Luo Feng the others appeared in was the 5th level’s plaza.

“Follow me.” The black feathered man led the way.

Entering deep within the palace, they proceeded.

Even Hong was a universe level. Hence, the speed at which they moved at was extremely fast. In just a few moments, they reached the 7th level.

This was a quiet hall.

At the entrance stood many ladies dressed in mist like white robes, with furry tails waving from behind them. These ladies all had purple eyes that were extremely enticing, and when they looked over…it made others feel their desires within.

With the black feathered man leading, Luo Feng and Hong entered the hall.

They continued forward.

The women that stood on the sides, from the initial white robed ladies all changed to black robed ones. However, it was obvious they were all from the same race with purple eyes and furry tails.

After another 1,000km, they became purple robed women.

“What mysterious illusions.” Luo Feng walked within the huge hall and looked at the women standing at the sides. He unconsciously fell into the illusion, feeling as though the ladies all became naked as they exuded their mysterious seduction and drew closer to him.

To no avail

…

Luo Feng and Hong were both people who had reached high levels in mental state training. Hence, illusions that weren’t deliberately targeted at them completely had no effect whatsoever.

“Teacher!” The black feathered man bowed respectfully, his voice resounding throughout the large hall, echoing continuously.

Luo Feng and Hong stopped simultaneously.

They looked up and saw in the distance a huge throne with incredibly complex engravings all over. In it lay a curled up woman with purple long hair, purple eyes and long bushy tail. When the pair of eyes looked down…the surrounding sky and land almost felt like it was engulfed in a powerful energy.

“Fantasy spirit emperor.” Luo Feng held his breath.

Having heard of her power before, Luo Feng didn’t dare hesitate. “Luo Feng?” A gentle voice resounded from the distant throne high above. “Indeed a genius that actually passed the Fantasy ocean’s 10th island during universe level. Such solid mental state, I like you punks with such solid mental states. Your teacher True Yan has such good foresight too, he nurtured Bloodthirst emperor before, and from your information, you kill very madly too. The True Yan lineage are all like that, the teacher kills madly, even the disciples are as such…”

“Thank you for the compliment.” Luo Feng bowed.

His teacher True Yan did indeed have time where he madly killed others.

Only now was he much more low profile compared to the past, staying and studying within Primal chaos city. Otherwise, with just the level of explosiveness alone, his teacher wasn’t below his 3rd senior Bloodthirst emperor.

“Hm.” The great being from the spirit devil clan lay lazily in the huge throne. Her purple eyes gazed at Hong, “You are the Hong that Qing Qing had mentioned?”

“Yes.” Hong bowed and replied.


Chapter 622: Gamble

“You do have some guts to come and meet me.” Fantasy spirit emperor looked down at Hong from her huge throne above. Smiling and saying softly, “Aren’t you afraid I might just order someone to kill you in reality?”

With her power, just one order alone.

There would definitely be many undyings in the Ganwu universe country fighting to kill Hong.

“I am afraid indeed!” Hong said respectfully.

“Haha…so you do know fear too.” Fantasy spirit’s voice was like the most beautiful instrument in the world, giving the most exceptional performance. It enticed anyone who listened. “You are afraid, and yet you still came?”

“I’m afraid of death and afraid of not being able to do many of my wishes.” Hong said respectfully. “However, there are certain things that I cannot back down from just because of fear. Qing Qing honestly treats me well, how can I be a coward and be afraid of death? No matter what, I have to do all I can in every way…even if I’m killed or destroyed, I won’t regret it.”

“Ah?”

Fantasy spirit looked at Hong carefully from the throne, gasping with shock.

“Afraid of death but you still must live without regrets?” Fantasy spirit looked at the silhouette below, her gaze becoming somewhat dreamy as she muttered. “Dying and getting your soul destroyed is frightening. However, to still go on and do things without regrets…” Her voice resounded 10m around her, no one else within the hall could hear her.

“If only he, could be like this back then…” Her expression became dreamy. Her eyes were gentle, but occasionally they looked very terrifying too.

Rumble…

The entire hall shook violently, countless peculiar noises resounded within everyone’s ears.

It made Luo Feng, Hong and the group of robed women change their expressions.

“Hm?” Fantasy spirit emperor regained her composure. The sounds disappeared and she gazed at Hong from high above in her throne, “Hong, I’ll give you one chance, a chance to gamble your life!”

Luo Feng’s expression changed.

Gamble his life?

“Please explain Fantasy spirit emperor.” Hong bowed.

“It’s very simple.” Fantasy spirit smiled. “I’ll give you two choices. One, wait until you reach the pinnacle of sector lord and go take part in the war in the outer regions. If your contributions are enough to get you a 1st class medal, I won’t stop you and Qing Qing. Simultaneously, I guarantee I won’t expel her.”

“The second choice is to attempt my 18 levels of Love Illusions! If you successfully pass all 18 levels, I will not stop you and Qing Qing and will guarantee that I won’t expel her.”

“However!”

“The moment you fail, then I will order for the Universe Mercenary Alliance to send powerful warriors to kill you immediately.” Fantasy spirit emperor’s eyes stared at Hong. “This is a gamble of your life! If you fail, you will die! If you succeed, you’ll have a chance to be with Qing Qing. Be it a loving one, breaking up, marriage, I won’t care.”

“Choosing the first option means you’ll have from now to the time you reach the pinnacle of sector lord to train. I will guarantee too… you’ll have that amount of time to train.”

“Choosing the second option means you’ll immediately attempt the 18 levels of Love Illusion.” Fantasy spirit looked at Hong, “You…do you dare to gamble with your life?”

The atmosphere was tense.

The entire hall was silent, including her disciple the black feathered man, even he did not make a sound. He and the robed women could all feel…Fantasy spirit emperor wasn’t her usual self.

“Big brother!” Luo Feng looked at Hong.

Gamble with his life?

Was this a joke?

If Hong really accepted the gamble and was chased by the Universe Mercenary Alliance people. Even True Yan Emperor wouldn’t have any right to go stop them.

“I choose the second option.” Hong looked up at Fantasy spirit emperor in her throne. “Attempting the 18 levels of Love Illusions, if I fail…you don’t have to send people to kill me, I will immediately head to a branch of the Universe Mercenary Alliance and kill myself before the members stationed there. Also, I will have the entire scene broadcasted live to you, lord Fantasy spirit emperor.”

Fantasy spirit emperor squinted in her throne.

“You are sure you want to attempt the 18 levels of Love Illusions?” she said, “If you choose to take part in the wars at sector lord pinnacle level, you can still live for a very long time, and I can even help you reach that level. I’ll ask you one more time, will you change your decision?”

“No.” A smile appeared on Hong’s face.

Luo Feng looked at Hong beside him, looking at the smile on his face.

That was a smile that represented his will to do anything and everything he could.

“Big brother!”

Luo Feng was truly worried now.

Yes.

His big brother’s mental state training was indeed extremely high, akin to a sacred legend of very few from ancient times of earth. However, these illusions weren’t that of fantasy island, but from Fantasy spirit emperor, a being incredibly strong and close to his own teacher True Yan emperor’s level of strength!

They may contain some pressure that could make him crumble.

“Hu!”

Fantasy spirit emperor stood up and looked at Hong below. Looking at his eyes, Hong’s eyes didn’t have any sense of hesitation, neither did they have the teeth gritting madness. All they expressed were a solid determination and incisiveness.

“Very good!” She ordered. “Bushla, bring Hong to the Illusion palace, immediately bring him to the 101st level!”

Shua!

Fantasy spirit emperor vanished immediately.

“Yes, teacher!”

The black feathered man Bushla replied respectfully and bowed, after which he glanced coldly at Hong and said, “Follow me.”

Fantasy spirit palace erupted. A universe level punk actually wanted to attempt the 18 levels of Love Illusions. The moment he failed he would be killed and his soul destroyed! Immediately many people all about the palace swiftly rushed over towards the illusion palace.

“Your majesty Qing, that Hong has chosen to gamble his life and attempt the 18 levels of love illusions. If he succeeds, Fantasy spirit emperor will not stop your relationship with him and won’t expel you. However the moment he fails, he’ll have to be killed in reality.” Within a quiet pavilion, there stood two young ladies, of which a green robed lady said softly.

Inside the Pavilion.

A short haired lady stood at the door, her slender fingers were gripped so tightly they had gone pale.

“I’m leaving.” The short haired lady said softly.

“Your majesty Qing, Fantasy spirit emperor has ordered this, and no one dares to go against it. I can report everything that happens there to you here, please do not make our lives harder.” The green robed lady said.

The short haired lady’s eyes gleamed fiercely.

Ji Ya!

The door closed.

This pavilion was an anchor point for when she entered the virtual universe. As long as she entered the network, she would appear here. And now…she was trapped there and couldn’t go out. In reality, she was also stuck within her head ancestor Silver snow official’s god country.

“Big brother Hong.” The short haired lady walked to the windows and opened them.

She didn’t escape, there at the entrance were two Devil and spirit clan ladies with sector lord level power. They were there specially to guard her, and she was only at the universe level. If the other two ladies didn’t go easy on her, how would she escape?

“Don’t do stupid things!” “Don’t do stupid things!” “Don’t do stupid things!” “Don’t do stupid things!” “Don’t do stupid things!” “Don’t do stupid things!” “Don’t do stupid things!” The short haired lady sent mail after mail to Hong.

After a while.

“No problem, wait for me.” Hong replied.

She was silent.

“Big brother Hong, you…I…” The short haired lady lifted her head and looked through the window, gazing at the distant place that pierced through the clouds. That was the Fantasy palace amidst the many other palaces about.

“Live!”

“You have to live!”

Many people had gathered within the fantasy palace, like the clansman of the devil and spirit clan, along with several other disciples of Fantasy spirit emperor.

“I dare say that punk will definitely die.”

“How can he succeed the 18 levels of love illusions. No matter how powerful that universe level punk is, he still wouldn’t be able to succeed.”

“It’s a death road.”

“Look, that’s the punk attempting the 18 levels.”

“Who? That silver armored one?”

“No, the silver armored one is the absolute genius Luo Feng of the Virtual Universe Company. However, the black robed one is the one who is attempting.”

“Wow, that’s Luo feng? So handsome!”

“Don’t be smitten.”

“I feel that Hong’s pretty handsome too, what a pity he has to die.”

…

Luo Feng and Hong followed the black feathered man Bushla through the walkways. Looking around, into the distance, they could see large numbers of purple eyed ladies. 99% of fantasy spirit palace was made up of women, and these ladies all seemed to be from the spirits and devils ladies, they were all incredibly beautiful, seductive.

“Big brother, your mental state is extremely high. However these illusions…are illusions from Fantasy spirit emperor.” Luo Feng communicated anxiously. “You are strong, but you cannot underestimate the absolute beings of the universe! The moment you fail, you’ll die without a doubt…and there could be pressure within the illusions too! You may get pressured and killed within. Who knows what power lays within these 18 levels of love illusions, even the pressure is extremely strong, wouldn’t you not even have a place to cry?”

An absolute being who knew how to control his strength according to the severity of the situation, may adjust his power according to Hong and use different levels of strength.

However…

Fantasy spirit emperor’s temperament was well reputed to be strange.

She obviously didn’t allow many men to touch her, yet she was seductive. She had an explosive and terrible temper, yet she always pretended to be gentle.

Who would know if she’d set up her illusions to be an absolute death trap?

If she really wanted Hong to die.

Would Hong even have a chance to succeed?

Hong glanced at Luo Feng, “No problem!”

Shua!

A silhouette appeared at the entrance of the 101st level of the palace. It was of a lady completely covered in a dreamy colorful robe. One could only see her purple eyes, her face was unclear.

Immediately there was silence about.

The ladies and few disciples there went to watch the scene all respectfully went silent.

“You still have one chance to back off now.” Fantasy spirit emperor looked at the distant Hong. “If you wish to retreat, I may look down on you, but at least…you keep your life.”

“If you don’t retreat.”

“Then follow this door and head in!”

Fantasy spirit emperor pointed to the door beside her. “This is the 101st level of the palace. Every level is a level of the Love illusions. When you pass 1 level, just head towards the stairs and proceed! After you enter 102nd level, if you succeed, head to the stairs and continue to the 103rd level…keep heading up, if you successfully exit from the 118th level, you’ve finished it.”

“Otherwise, your life will be gone.” Fantasy spirit emperor looked at hong.

Hong smiled.

“Big brother!” Luo Feng’s face was filled worry, yet he didn’t know how to convince him.

Hong was just like that, even if a trillion people all tried to persuade him, it wouldn’t even shake his resolve.

Hong smiled and glanced at Luo Feng before heading straight for the door.

Sou!

He entered the door and with a step, disappeared through it.

“Rumble!” The entire 101st level of the palace immediately became a blur, one couldn’t see clearly what was going on within.

At this time…

Hong already had no way to return.

If he succeeded, he would live.

Failure would mean death!


Chapter 623: Hanging By a Thread

This majestic palace pierced through the clouds in the sky. If it was on earth, Luo Feng would be able to see half of earth simply by standing in it. However, he was still unable to see the entire construct of this palace…Illusion palace.

Mystical energies engulfed the entire palace.

It was a blur within the 101st level of the palace. Luo Feng stared hard through it trying to see Hong’s situation within the illusion, however it was to no avail. It wasn’t just Luo Feng, even the Devil and Spirit clan women and the disciples of Fantasy spirit emperor all wanted to know…if Hong could pass the 18 levels of Love illusions.

“Rumble!”

The 101st level of the palace shook and everything became clear within.

In the center, Hong smiled and looked at the distant stairs, flying straight towards it and swiftly following it up heading to level 102.

“He’s passed the 1st level.” Luo Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Hua!

He flew swiftly through the stairs and quickly reached the 102nd level. Fantasy spirit emperor walked ahead, Luo Feng and the black feathered man along with the other disciples all followed closely behind. After them, the large group of devils and spirits women followed.

…

The 2nd level, the 3rd level, Hong took longer and longer to finish them.

“What now?” Luo Feng followed the stairs up another level to the 4th level, feeling anxious. “These were after all illusions set up by Fantasy spirit emperor and his big brother was only universe level. He could easily lose his life if he got careless. If he really failed, will I simply watch him go to a Universe Mercenary Alliance base and commit suicide?”

“However!”

“I couldn’t convince big brother not to do it, and this was his gamble with Fantasy spirit emperor. Even his teacher wouldn’t be able to budge in.” Luo Feng was very worried.

He couldn’t help, but only watch as things unfolded.

Strength.

This was all due to strength! If he had the power of a universe country leader, he could completely pressure Fantasy spirit emperor. It wouldn’t be so troublesome. And he was only a small genius now, nothing but a small kid before Fantasy spirit emperor, one that wasn’t fully matured at all.

“Your big brother’s willpower is very strong. He’s actually able to pass 5 levels of the love illusions.”

Outside the 105th level doors, the colorfully dressed Fantasy spirit emperor laughed softly.

“Elder Fantasy spirit emperor, please show mercy.” Luo Feng bowed and requested respectfully beside.

“You don’t need to beg me.” Her moving and beautiful purple eyes glanced at Luo Feng. “I’m only letting him attempt the 18 levels. It tests the desires of love, as long as he truly isn’t affected at all by the enticement of love and desires, looking at pure love only for itself, then he has a hope of living on.”

“Desires?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Humans!”

Fantasy spirit emperor laughed softly, “Or in general…life! As long as it’s a life form, then there’ll definitely be desire.”

“Wanting to become an eternal being? To stand high above and control over trillions of beings? To have a beautiful wife? To have family live a better life? To make it big? To become a true powerful warrior?” Fantasy spirit emperor laughed, “These are all different forms of desires.”

“Desires!”

“They are the reason behind life and its evolution.” She smiled, “Even the most pure hearted person will have desires, only their desires are different from others, as they will be more special.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Desires?

Right.

Whether it was a warrior wanting to get stronger, training paths, pleasures of life, etc, in summary, as long as humanity was there, there would definitely be desires!

Even wild beasts, they all had their innate desires, like mating, having more partners, eating better and better…

“Desires are endless.” Fantasy spirit spoke softly, “By itself it is not evil, only life, when controlled by it makes them differ.”

“The desires of love is just one form of it, and it is of a very very complex type. Even an extremely powerful undying may not see through them.” She laughed softly. “The 18 levels of love illusions I’ve set up give the endless taste of love desires, even a god would fall from it.”

“And him!”

“Since he’s so deep in love, then the love desires…to him, should be an extremely hard thing to pass.” She smiled and said, “Only after passing the 18 levels of the love illusions will he have the right to be with my disciple.”

Luo Feng took a chilly breath and looked shocked at Fantasy spirit emperor who was so beautiful she could cause the downfall of an entire kingdom.

Desire?

As one who constantly took advice on mental state training from his firstt and second brother, Luo Feng was very clear on the difficulty of explaining desire. The ancient texts of earth said that even heroes had difficulty with beautiful women. Even the greatest sacred beings had all sorts of desires.

For example, ruling a country, these dreams were in essence different forms of desires.

To be above them?

That was impossible!

“No wonder, even though Fantasy spirit emperor only passed the 19th level of the heavenly bridge, she still has such terrifying power, and is able to stand beside my teacher True Yan emperor and Sky feather emperor.” Luo Feng thought. “And it’s also no wonder she can control two emperor level undying slaves. Fantasy spirit emperor, Fantasy spirit emperor…indeed she’s terrifying.”

“Big brother!”

“These 18 levels of illusions are all love related illusions, can you pass them?” Luo Feng stared at the mystical hall, feeling worried within.

Even though he had confidence in his big brother, he didn’t dare underestimate this great eternal being of the universe.

Even though the mental state training of Earth was one that was worthy of pride even in the universe, however those beings that dominated the universe, powerful beings that have lived for countless years, with some even building universe countries, beings that dominated those levels, who would dare say that their mental state training was weaker than Luo Feng, Thunder god or Hong’s?

They couldn’t be underestimated!

“Thirdie.”

“Thirdie.”

“How’s everything going with you and Hong there?”

A mail appeared on the screen of Luo Feng’s wrist, it was from Thunder god. He was naturally informed of their meeting with Fantasy spirit emperor.

“Second brother.” Luo Feng’s consciousness read the words and a words of reply quickly appeared, forming a mail and sending back to thunder god.

“18 levels of love illusion? Big Brother’s mental state training is extremely high. He definitely will be able to pass it, I’m very confident about that.” Thunder god replied.

“Second brother, these are 18 levels of love illusions set by Fantasy spirit emperor, an extremely terrifying being of the universe. The amount of years she’s lived far exceeds the ancient chinese cultures. She cannot be underestimated.” Luo Feng replied.

“Which level is big brother at now?”

“The 9th! And he’s taking longer and longer to pass each level.”

…

Luo Feng swiftly conversed with Thunder god while anxiously watching his big brother pass the levels.

Time passed, Fantasy spirit emperor and her disciples, along with the large group of Devil’s and spirits women all felt the pressure. They followed Fantasy spirit up level after level, watching the process of Hong passing the levels.

18 levels of love illusions, the 1st level was the fastest, it got slower as he progressed!

At the 10th level…

11th level…

12th level…

Hong was taking longer and finding it harder to break through the illusions. However, he was still as sturdy everytime.

“This big brother, he must definitely succeed, he must.” Luo Feng who had been watching every level anxiously hoped within.

“He actually reached the 14th level!”

“This big brother of Luo Feng is pretty impressive. To actually reach the 14th level, it shows that his willpower is extremely strong.”

“Unbelievable.”

“Didn’t expect this.”

The women of the devils and spirits clan all muttered among themselves.

And while Fantasy spirit emperor was initially very calm, she frowned after hong passed the 14th level.

“I simply don’t believe that a love stricken man like him can pass the 18 levels.” Fantasy spirit’s eyes were like electricity, her expression heavy as she stared at the 105th level.

…

Within that quiet pavilion.

The short haired girl stood silently at the window staring at the direction of the illusion palace, from her field of vision, the tower pierced through the clouds, and it was impossible to see that high through them.

“Your majesty Qing, your majesty Qing, that Hong has already passed the 15th level.”

“He’s successfully passed the 15th level.”

The two devils and spirits clan women shouted at the entrance of the pavilion.

The short haired girl looked up quietly, her eyes filled with worry and anxiety, she muttered, “Big brother Hong, you definitely must succeed, definitely!”

…

“You definitely must succeed.” Luo Feng stared hard at the 117th hall.

The large group of devils and spirits clan women gathered in the 117th level had all held their breaths, even Fantasy spirit emperor’s expression had totally sunken, her eyes blinking over and over as she stared. Everyone felt the pressure got stronger and stronger…as the further they got, the harder and more absurd the difficulty of the love illusions.

After a while!

Rumble!

The blur that shrouded the 117th level broke apart and a pale expressions black haired man Hong appeared.

“One last level!”

Hong looked up.

Not even glancing at the crowd around him, he headed straight for the stairs and towards the last level…the 118th level of the palace, attempting the 18th level of the love illusions.

He flowed like water and reached the 118th level entrance.

“You must definitely succeed, definitely.” Luo Feng stared without blinking, perspiring from his forehead.

Fantasy spirit emperor who stood in front of him stared hard too.

She couldn’t believe it!

She couldn’t believe that the 18 levels of love illusions she had set up for people deep in love could be broken through, that a love stricken man affected by love’s desires could actually breakthrough the 18 levels?

“Impossible!” Her eyes gleamed coldly.

Rumble!

The 118th level shook violently and grew calm, a smiling but obviously fatigued black haired and black robed man walked out, stepping through the door and out into the hall.

“Elder Fantasy spirit emperor, I’ve successfully passed the 18 levels of the Love illusions.” The black haired man said respectfully.


Chapter 624: How Would One Know If Fish Are Happy?

In the spacious walkway outside the 118th level of the palace, which was 1km wide, there squeezed thousands to tens of thousands. They were all looking on in disbelief at the black haired and robed man. They had spent years serving Fantasy spirit emperor and following by her side, they were all very clear on how terrifying she was.

Almost no one believed that Hong could actually pass the 18 levels of love illusions.

Fantasy spirit herself couldn’t believe it!

“Impossible!” She stared at the man before her. Many thoughts were flashing in her mind, however she quickly regained her composure.

“I didn’t expect a person willing to die for love would actually be able to pass the 18 levels.” She looked at Hong and her eyes gleamed with a peculiar light. “You’ve surprised me.”

“There’s nothing fearsome about love, indulge and enjoy it.” Hong said. “When one does so, the soul will produce an incredibly feeling, that’s love.”

She looked at Hong and studied him.

“I now understand how you can make Qing Qing love you.” She nodded and after which turned to face the black feathered man, “Bushla, bring Hong and Luo Feng to meet Qing Qing.”

“Yes, Teacher!” The black feathered man said respectfully.

“Hm.” Fantasy spirit emperor turned and vanished into nothing.

After she left, there was a huge hustle outside in the walkways. The surrounding incredibly beautiful devils and spirits women all spoke in hushed voices and pointed at Hong and Luo Feng. Discussions were rampant, it was almost as though they cared about Hong and Luo Feng and respected them.

“Please follow me.” The black feathered man smiled at Hong and Luo Feng.

“And congratulations on passing the 18 levels of love illusions, probably no one there actually believed you’d succeed.” The black feathered man smiled.

“It was tough and I barely made it through. It is indeed very terrifying.” Hong said.

“But of course, how could an illusion set by my teacher be weak?”

The black feathered man led the way ahead while Luo Feng and Hong walked side by side.

“Congratulations Big brother.” Luo Feng communicated secretly. Smiling slyly, “Congrats to you and the Mrs for being together forever.”

“Hehe.” Hong was all smiles.

“Big brother, how were the 18 levels of illusions? I was extremely worried.” Luo Feng communicated.

“The illusions were powerful, but no threat to me at all.” Hong replied.

Shock flashed through Luo Feng’s eyes, “What, no threat at all? But, from what I saw, you got more and more fatigued through the levels and got slower too, like they were wearing you out, this…”

“It was all an act.”

Hong glanced at Luo Feng and communicated, “Fantasy spirit emperor was watching outside, and these 18 levels of illusions were what she set up. If I swiftly passed every level extremely easily, where would her reputation go? She is the great Fantasy spirit emperor, if her 18 levels of illusions were easily broken by a universe level punk, that would such a disgrace.”

“If I solved it too easily and humiliated her, she might have just changed it along the way as I attempted it.” Hong communicated. “If she truly wanted me to fail, it would be all too easy, like using a spirit attack, making me die within the illusion and failing.”

“If she were to kill me secretly, who there could actually see through it?”

“Even you, if you saw me die in the illusion, you’d have just thought I didn’t pass the illusion, right?” Hong looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was stunned.

Right.

“Hence, I had to go according to her mental state, making her feel as though I am about to fail, and that it was incredibly difficult… breaking through finally and fatigued. That way, my aim would be realized.” Hong smiled at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng nodded.

Indeed.

From start to end, it was all an act and Hong’s performance had made him feel incredibly nervous, as though Hong would fall anytime. Each level was getting harder than before, while the amount of time was longer and longer.

So it was simply all an act.

“Having strength is important. However, using it accordingly would produce the best results.” Hong communicated.

“However, Big brother, these love illusions, Fantasy spirit emperor said it was the endless love desires etc, how could it be that easy for you?” Luo Feng was curious as he asked. His big brother was obviously one how was deeply in love for Ji Qing, attempting the 18 levels without even knowing their full details.

Such a person could actually pass them so easily?

Love desires…

They were after all a very complex desire. How many heroes and warriors have fallen deeply in love.

“Our chinese have such a saying, If one sees a mountain as a mountain, or water as water, then it is so. If they don’t see it that way, then it isn’t. However afterwards, it returns to its original state.” Hong communicated. “A person who hasn’t ever experienced love will naturally assume love is just love. However to one who’s experienced it, only then would he know how incomparably complex it is. It was almost like looking at a flower through mist, extremely dreamy and mystical. In their eyes, love is incredibly complex, because the many feelings would surface from love, making them think its complex. At this time, the mountain and water would no longer seem like just so.”

“Only through experiencing the human world and studying the heart, seeing clearly through relationships and feelings, would one finally see through love’s true face.”

“That would be returning to its original state.”

“Knowing one’s extent of love, seeing it extremely clearly, seeing its essence, what one wants, what one is willing to die for. One won’t be affected by all these,after understanding oneself truly.” Hong looked at Luo Feng, smiling as he communicated. “At this time, the mountain returns to being a mountain. The water is as so. Love…to a person of this level…is already clear.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

He understood a little within.

“It isn’t such that a person deep in love cannot breakthrough.” Hong smiled, “Who knows if the fish are truly happy?”

“A person who truly sees love as is will know, immersing oneself within…is the true path. And cutting it off is actually going against instinct.” Hong said. “Everything I’ve done follows my instinct and nature. What I should do, what I shouldn’t, doing some things even though I know there’s life threatening dangers.”

Luo Feng nodded.

While communicating with his big brother, they walked behind Bushla and headed towards Ji Qing’s residence.

Shua!

A colorfully dressed Fantasy spirit emperor appeared before the quiet pavilion.

“Lord.” The two devils and spirits clan women were shocked as they quickly bowed respectfully.

“Hm.”

She pushed open the door and entered the pavilion.

The short haired girl who was originally looking through the window within turned towards the entrance, looking at Fantasy spirit emperor, she bowed respectfully, “Teacher.”

“You should have received the news about that young Hong passing my 18 levels of love illusions.” Fantasy spirit looked at her disciple Ji Qing.

Ji Qing was an exceptional disciple.

She was the most exceptional out of all of the other disciples, and Fantasy spirit liked her honestly.

“Yes, Qing Qing knows. Thank you teacher for showing mercy.” Ji Qing bowed with gratitude.

“Hmph!”

Fantasy spirit snorted coldly and sat in the chair beside her. Looking at Ji Qing.” Qing Qing, I didn’t show him any mercy, only the Hong that you like, he indeed exceeded my expectations. He actually managed to pass all 18 levels of the love illusions.”

The short haired girl couldn’t help but blush as she heard, displaying a sense of pride.

“As I said before.”

“The moment he passes the 18 levels, I won’t stop the both of you, and I won’t expel you either. Whether you two love forever or breakup, or anything else, I won’t intervene.” Fantasy spirit looked at the short haired girl.

“Qing Qing thanks teacher.” The short haired girl’s eyes gleamed. “However, there are some things I have to tell you first.” Fantasy spirit emperor pointed in mid air and a screen appeared, and on it a book was displayed, “This is my…”

They chatted for awhile.

…

And after that, footstep sounds and some muffled voices could be heard. In the distance, there could be seen a black feathered man, Hong and Luo Feng, who walked right in front. Behind them were a large group of women, all from the spirits and devils clan, and it had obviously become quite bustling.

“Luo Feng, Hong, this is Ji Qing’s quarters.” The black feathered man Bushla pointed ahead at the quiet and beautiful pavilion.

“Ah?”

Hong’s eyes gleamed and his gaze landed on that pavilion, as he walked over.

Luo Feng and Bushla followed behind.

Ji Ya!

The door creaked open and a short haired girl walked out.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked at this girl. Even though he had seen her pictures from the information he gathered in the virtual universe, seeing her in person, Luo Feng felt that she was different from others. She was taller than normal and her figure was proportional and perfect.

She had short hair and seemed valiant and formidable.

Her expression was obviously that of a very firm and decisive, determined, a very strong girl. Simply put…she leaned more towards the strong woman. However her gaze was like spring water, the moment she saw Hong, it seemed like she was about to cry.

“You’re so silly.” The short haired girl said softly at Hong.

Hong only smiled.

The girl rushed over and hugged Hong tightly, she couldn’t help the tears that were flowing from her eyes.

In the distance, the group of devils and spirits women were all smiling, Luo Feng smiled too at the scene.

“Don’t take such risks, it’s not worth it.” Ji Qing hugged Hong tightly.

Hong gently stroked her hair, and the two stood apart, staring at each other.

“Everything’s passed. The cloud that obstructs us is gone.” Hong looked at Ji Qing and smiled.

Hua!

Ji Qing suddenly released Hong’s hands and retreated.

“Qing Qing.” Hong frowned.

“I’m sorry, it’s not worth it.” Ji Qing looked at Hong, “Leave, just take it that I was but a memory. Leave.”

Hong’s expression changed.

The spectators watching the scene were all stunned. What’s going on? Hong had used all means necessary to finally get Fantasy spirit emperor to not obstruct them, yet how could Ji Qing herself say such words now?

“Qing Qing!” Hong stared at her, through her gaze, as he could tell if she was hypnotized or there were any other soul techniques used.


Chapter 625: No. 9

Hong looked at Ji Qing’s eyes, the eyes were the windows to one’s soul, the higher up one was in mental state training, the more observant and accurate they could see…completely seeing through every miniscule reactions with Ji Qing’s eyes, whether she was hypnotized or controlled through soul techniques etc, or was she speaking from her heart.

“What’s going on?”

“Why is her majesty Qing saying this and what does it mean?”

“What other meaning is there, it’s break up.”

“Why is she suddenly breaking up, didn’t she completely refuse to give in before, hence she was locked in the pavilion, why has she changed her mind now?” In the distance, the many devils and spirits clan women were all discussing, they were all very suspicious, it was supposedly a happy occasion, and yet now it was this.

Hong looked silently at Ji Qing.

Ji Qing looked at him too.

From her eyes…Hong could tell that Ji Qing wasn’t hypnotized in any way.

“Why have you suddenly decided to leave me?” Hong looked at Ji Qing.

“You told me before that there are certain things that we must do and others that we shouldn’t. When one makes a decision, it has to be firm, sacrificing whatever that needs to be sacrificed.” Ji Qing said softly, even though her voice was soft…however even Luo Feng who was standing behind Hong could feel the resolve within her voice.

“Hence you are sacrificing our relationship?” Hong asked.

Ji Qing didn’t say anything, she only gritted her teeth and nodded her head.

“Sacrifice?”

Hong stared at her and said solemnly, “Why didn’t you say anything when your head ancestor stopped you, when your teacher stopped you, you even went against both of them. And now, after I got my brother to help me and finally met your teacher Fantasy spirit emperor, gambling with my life, attempting the 18 levels of love illusions. After successfully passing the 18 levels, I came over happy to meet you, yet you tell me this now?”

“Why?”

“Why the sudden change of heart?”

“Why didn’t you say anything before?” Hong stared at her.

She was silent.

Hong’s rage was bubbling…

Luo Feng who stood beside was also unsatisfied, how did this situation end up like this? This Ji Qing had strongly denied her ancestor and teacher, yet at the final moment she suddenly changed her mind.

“Look, that Hong is about to flip.

“Anybody would flip, I heard the 18 levels of love illusions he attempted before, if he got careless, he would lose his life in reality. And now her majesty Qing is saying such words, how can he not rage?”

“If it were me, I’d be raging too, how can she give up such a good man.”

The devils and spirits clan women were all speculating and discussing the situation.

…

Hong looked at Ji Qing.

She lowered her head, “I have to make a choice, love is important, but there are other things that are more important. This was what you told me too.”

Hong took a deep breath.

“You’ve really made your decision?” Hong asked lightly.

“Hm.” She nodded.

Hong revealed a pained smile, “Who would have thought that after so many years, I finally fell for another woman and it ends up like this.”

Ji Qing bit her lips.

Even though she was a strong woman, and there were many things in the family that she was able to control and make decisions, she even regarded herself as stronger than her father…even against her undying seniors, she never cowered before them, however towards the one man she respected…she still felt weak within.

“Ji Qing.” Hong looked at Ji Qing.

“Hm.” The short haired girl lifted her head and looked at the man she loved.

“I hope you realize your dreams.” Hong smiled, “And also…sorry for the time I bothered you.”

After which, Hong turned and walked towards Luo Feng.

“3rd brother, let’s go.” Hong looked at Luo Feng and said, after which with a poof, he vanished.

Luo Feng watched the scene silently and looked at the short haired girl in the distance fighting hard to hold back her tears, he sighed softly.

Sou.

He too vanished and his consciousness returned to reality.

“Big brother Hong.” Ji Qing watched as Hong turned and vanished, those last words ringing in her mind over and over…”Sorry for the time I bothered you.”

“Bothered me?”

“What have you bothered me about?”

Ji Qing muttered within.

She was very clear about Hong’s character, what may seem like a simple line of apology, turning and leaving after, held within his pain.

Also…

She was clear that he would probably never ever look back.

Because she understood him.

“Sorry.” She muttered within.

…

The devil and spirits clan women watching were all stunned, they all thought that Hong who had gambled his life in the 18 levels of love illusions would be engulfed in pain and rage, and thus express it. However they never expected him…to simply say sorry and leave.

The member undyings of the virtual universe company were all in their palaces on Thunder island.

The undyings that were members of the universe mercenary alliance were all gathered in another spot too. Whatever happened in Fantasy spirit palace…was fully discussed by all the staff and quickly spread.

…

“This punk is not bad, passing all 18 levels of love illusions set by Fantasy spirit emperor, at least he’s very strong in terms of love desires and illusions, I think he wouldn’t be weak in the other sides too.”

“Ah, and he’s a special elite of our huge axe dojo? Quickly send someone to absorb him into the currently ongoing training faction.”

“Yes lord.”

Ganwu universe country, one of the 9 1st class planets Jade Dome planet.

Luo residence.

Luo Feng looked at Hong and sighed within, since 3 days ago, when what was supposed to be a perfect ending suddenly completely overturned. Back then Luo Feng had decided to tell Hong directly, “I dare say she was initially strong willed against her teacher and ancestor, however she changed her mind suddenly at the very last minute, that’s a abnormal. If it wasn’t Silver snow official meddling in between, then it would have been fantasy spirit emperor!”

Hong immediately replied, “Of course I understand that either Silver snow or Fantasy spirit had influenced her.”

“However Big brother, why did you just leave then? Are you giving up so easily?” Luo Feng asked.

“Others may influence her, but the final one making the decision is still Qing Qing.”

Hong laughed indifferently, “And i’m very familiar with her character, she’s like me, once she makes a decision, it’s very hard to change it. And I could hear…it was a decision she had made from the bottom of her heart.”

“Why?” Luo Feng asked, “Why did she give up?”

“Because of herself, or family.” Hong sighed softly, “I know her well, she’s a very strong person, she has the dreams and determination to become an absolute warrior, she would never cower to the requirements and demands of love! Also…she’s extremely loyal to continuing the family bloodline.”

…

Standing within the villa, Luo Feng looked at hong, recalling their conversation 3 days again, he sighed.

No matter, his big brother had been through a tragedy this time.

“Luo Feng, don’t think it wasn’t worth it.” Hong smiled at Luo Feng, “Life comes with sadness and happiness…also, after I succeeded the 18 love illusions, the upper echelon of the huge axe dojo noticed me and specially arranged for me to join the special elites training faction. If it wasn’t a special order, I would have to wait a few decades to join that.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, “Take care.”

“Don’t worry.” Hong smiled and nodded.

“Luo Feng, I’m leaving with my student.” The white haired old man Luo said.

Luo Feng nodded.

Then, Luo and Hong entered the round disc shaped ship which was purple with gold mixed in, with a diameter of 620m, this was a ship specially sent by the huge axe dojo to receive Hong.

“Big brother, make a name for yourself, let that Fantasy spirit emperor watch.” Luo Feng shouted.

“Haha…” The black clothed Hong walked to the cabin door and turned, smiling, “Making a name for myself, I never doubted that! 3rd brother, you better not relax, otherwise I might catch up with you.”

“If you have the ability, come.” Luo Feng laughed.

After which Hong laughed completely carefree and entered the ship.

After a while.

The huge disc shaped ship lifted and left Luo Residence, quickly flying through the skies and vanishing through the clouds.

On the grass, Luo Feng looked up and watched the ship leave.

“Your majesty.” Dylan stood beside him.

“Big brother’s gone to the special elites training faction.” Luo Feng exclaimed, “No matter, big brother’s matter is over, this whole affair has ended! I have no more need to stay on Jade Dome planet… Dylan, arrange for me to visit my home planet.”

“Yes.” Dylan nodded.

Luo Feng looked to the skies.

Home.

Milky way! Earth!

It had been over 200 years since he returned to earth, the Luo Family had already become a huge family.

“It’s time to return and take a look.” Luo Feng muttered.

…

That day, Luo Feng brought his guards and took the Yun Mo Planet ship, leaving Jade Dome planet and headed to his home, the milky way!

Ganwu universe country, a few tens of thousands of light years away from Jade Dome planet was a normal life planet, Walo planet.

In an underground base on Walo planet.

“Team leader, the report has been sent via the virtual universe. Through 369 levels of translations and according to their coordinates in the universe, the details of the report are: Luo Feng has brought his guard team in an F grade universe ship and left Jade Dome planet, the intended location is unknown, however from the report we can deduce…that the possibility of Luo Feng heading to his home planet reaches 72%.” A silver uniformed bald 3 eyed man said respectfully.

“Hm.”

Another black uniformed bald 3 eyed man looked at the screen.

On the screen was detailed information.

It was regarding Luo Feng.

“no.9’s information is very little, we have to collect enough data and have a definite guarantee before we begin the assassination. Every time we do a mission in the 1,008 universe countries of humanity, we have to pay a huge price. We have to…achieve success in one time, the last time we failed in killing no.1, we had huge losses, this time we cannot fail again.” The black uniformed bald 3 eyed man said.

Chapter 626

er 626: Change

“Also order the 13th team which is closest to the milky way to check up on no.9’s home, earth.” The black uniformed bald 3 eyed man ordered.

“Yes!”

The silver uniformed underling replied respectfully.

The quiet underground base regained its original calm state, the members of this mysterious organization were usually very quiet, barely speaking.

As Luo Feng was taking his guard team in the Yun Mo planet ship and travelling at 50 times light speed, there was a seemingly normal c grade black disc shaped ship that had already reached the dark universe region within the milky way, it was flying slowly.

“Captain, this space has been modified with space techniques by a powerful undying, it’s blocking the coordinates. We are unable to proceed directly to earth.” A green uniformed tall and sturdy apeman said respectfully.

A piercing sound suddenly rang…

“The situation is as our information suggests, we are indeed unable to head towards earth directly. Unless it’s through a wormhole, however that would still take close to 3 years of time to reach. The 2nd is to get an undying from the organization to break the space technique.” Another green uniformed skinny lady said respectfully. There were a total of 8 green uniformed men and women, before them stood a silver uniformed old man.

“Hm.”

The old man nodded, “The 1st choice of the wormhole, flying 3 years in the actual universe, that’s something the organization cannot accept. And breaking through the space technique requires an extremely powerful undying to come. Any undying concealed here in the 1,008 universe countries of the humans is an incredibly valuable resource. This matter…I have to consult the leader.”

Dark universe.

A blood colored triangular ship was progressing at shocking speed, as Jade Dome planet was close to a hundred million light years away from earth, hence even with 50 times light speed, it would still take about 2 months to reach. All the guards were resting in their quarters.

Within the main cabin, the walls were covered with vines that spread throughout, the green leaves shook about, making the entire spacious cabin look like a little forest.

The nutrition cabin’s door opened automatically suddenly.

Hua hua…

A naked body rose from the nutrition liquid.

“Haha, over a month’s time, I’ve finally reached the pinnacle of domain lord level 9.” Luo Feng smiled and stood up in the cabin, he stood there naked and looked around at the cabin covered in vines, suddenly his eyes gleamed, with one glance he could clearly count that there were a total of 216 vines in the room.

“Success? The cloud contact vine’s evolution has ended?” Luo Feng looked surprised at the vine.

Hua!

The countless vines rushed over, almost like an incredibly joyous child hugging its parent, it completely engulfed Luo Feng and swiftly shrunk and gathered…very quickly, the originally huge 10 plus meter diameter quarters. Which was completely covered in vines returned to its original state as it formed a body hugging jade green armor.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

The armor’s color kept changing, occasionally silver, sometimes jade green, sometimes fiery red and others pure black…it simultaneously sent out thoughts of glee and happiness as it sprouted out leaves and waved happily.

“Even though it could change color before, it wasn’t so easy and simple, sector lord level is indeed the pinnacle evolution limit of the human body.” Luo Feng complemented within.

From star traveller level to sector lord level, the essence of a human body evolves greatly.

Sector lord to undying, that was mostly a soul evolution.

Hence during sector lord level, that was considered the human body’s pinnacle evolution limit. Of course for other races of life forms…there were slight differences.

“Evolving to 216 vines, pinnacle sector lord level cloud contact vine, it’s much stronger than a normal cloud contact vine.” Luo Feng was happy.

The higher the level.

Even though one was the same level, a normal warrior compared to an exceptional one would have their gap get bigger and bigger!

During the star level, the geniuses in the universe have very few that could comprehend the origin laws, the strong ones were not too much stronger. At this time, the difference between a genius and a normal person wasn’t too laarge. However at the universe level… similar universe level 9s, those that were worthy of being called geniuses, most would have comprehended parts of the laws already.

At this time, the power differences would be even bigger than before!

At the sector lord level 9 level!

Law comprehension, internal world, self created techniques, special encounters etc, all these made the difference in power between a genius sector lord and normal one huge. So much so that in history, there were some super sector lords that were able to kill official level undyings at their level…

It could be seen that the exceptional sector lords compared to the normal ones had huge differences.

The higher the level, the more drastic the difference!

1 theory.

The golden horned beast and the cloud contact vine were the same.

A beginning star level golden horned beast and cloud contact vine, had quite stark difference in power levels compared to other races, as their powers rise, the exceptional ones get more and more shocking. During sector lord level…the most perfect cloud contact vine could evolve to have 360 vines, the lowest with only 36, the difference was 10 times.

“The more perfect the vine’s evolution, the harder it is to breakthrough to undying.” Luo Feng rubbed the single leaf that had sprouted on his shoulder, saying softly, “My teacher’s sector lord cloud contact vine had only 108 vines, and you have 216, however, I will definitely make you evolve to undying.”

The leave on his should immediately began to wave.

“You’ve already reached sector lord level, what you must do now is to quickly reach the pinnacle of sector lord.” Luo Feng let go of the leave and it waved slightly, after which it shrank swiftly into the armor and vanished.

“The cloud contact vine breaking through to undying is already very hard, however…the golden horned beast breaking through to undying is even harder, much harder.” Luo Feng sat crossed legged in the cabin and pondered.

His bloodline inherited memories were vast and complex. Within it had warnings and examples of those that broke through to undying. There were countless generations of golden horned beasts stuck at the pinnacle of sector lord level, 99% of them didn’t break through, many of them at that level, were as strong as undyings, however… they remained stuck at sector lord level 9 and died after.

This was also the fairness of the universe.

The stronger a race was, the harder it was to breakthrough to undying!

In contrast, for humans to breakthrough to undying, it was tens of thousands of times easier. Of course the resources humans had when growing couldn’t never compare to that of a golden horned beast.

…

“Ever since I left the primal region, I’ve never tried absorbing a blood river crystal, I’ll try now.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed as he sat crossed legged.

Internal world.

The golden horned beast which was like a huge black mountain range rumbled as he got up. Since the demon note inheritance ended till now, it had been about 10 years, according to his rule, would attempt the absorption of the 100th crystal, however it was out of his expectations.

Absorbing the 100th crystal was incredibly difficult!

Especially the killing aura, the condensed killing aura formed by the 100th crystal would go through a qualitative change compared to before, hence Luo Feng failed everytime.

Chi!

The 2 large river like eyes of the golden horned beast stared at hits right claw, there was already a gash in its palm, fresh blood flowed out continuously, the blood river crystal floated above the blood.

“Rumble!” The 100 crystals absorbed before forming endless killing aura, a powerful willpower attacked, almost like a torrent, each wave stronger than before, rushing wave after wave, the previous wave acting like a step for the next, over and over…

Luo Feng’s willpower condensed and formed a solid ball.

“This time feels much better than before.”

“I feel like I can withstand it.”

“Withstand!”

“I have to!” After awhile, Luo Feng felt muddleheaded, standing on the brink of losing his consciousness, however his one belief kept him going.

The killing aura had to reach another level of strength before it could make Luo Feng completely collapse.

After a certain amount of time…

The endless killing aura retracted swiftly , leaving behind a calm, Luo Feng’s willpower which had reached an almost unconscious state immediately regained consciousness.

“Damn, I successfully withstood the killing aura.” Luo Feng was mad with glee within.

After which…

A terrifying intense pain hit Luo feng’s consciousness through the golden horned beast’s body.

“Ya!” Within the cabin, his earth body immediately knelt on the metal floor, his fingers strongly gripping the metal, leaving behind marks, gritting his teeth so hard blood flowed from his gums.

Within his internal world.

The mosha clansman and the golden horned beast were in intense pain, especially the main body the golden horned beast which was absorbing the crystal, it flew and knocked into the metal mountains, slashing at the ground and roaring loudly, it would fly high into sky and smash straight into the ground.

Pain!

It had reached a point where its consciousness was ready to collapse.

“Hurry and pass.”

“Pass!” Luo Feng and the mosha clansman roared out.

“Wail…”

Howl!!!

Painful cries resounded from the golden horned beast.

Suddenly…

Its huge body, almost like a mountain crashed into the ground, it lay there sprawled out, like it was incredibly fatigued. This was the most painful experience of absorbing the crystal ever, and compared to the 99th crystal before…it was simply too much of a difference, so much so that it almost made him crumble.

“I’ve finally succeeded.”

The beast rumbled about, triggering the blood river crystal within its right claw, immediately his right claw began to undergo change, its bones, muscles, scales and cells within all swiftly evolved from its very essence, this change made the scales on the surface become extremely tight, sturdier than before and a gleaming gold!

The entire right claw was pure gold now!

Also, the blood red engraving spread throughout, its blood color and the gold scales had completely merged together, forming a towering red and gold effect. And if one were to view the engraving of the claw and scales together, it formed a complete picture of the beast god head roaring.

A complete beast god head roaring picture!

Howl…The golden horned beast gently stepped with its blood red gold right claw, with a rumble, the entire ground shook and split apart.

“How, how terrifying.”

The mosha clansman beside the golden horned beast and the golden horned beast itself both stared at the new blood red gold right claw.


Chapter 627: Earth

It was only now that Luo Feng truly realized how much he got from acquiring so many blood river crystals back in blood river continent! The benefit was even more than the demon note inheritance, of course it was mostly because the golden horned beast body was much more suitable for absorbing the crystals, otherwise the benefit wouldn’t be that large.

Luo Feng was surprised at the result of absorbing 100 crystals.

When he absorbed the 99th crystal, the right claw of the golden horned beast had nine times the power of the origin laws, simultaneously, the right claws power alone was akin to its entire body’s strength! It had completely risen its full power by one time!

And also…

Its origin law melding was about ten times now! It may seem very little.

But this right claw alone when used was akin to ten times its full strength!

Right, from just one time to ten times!

Just the right claw alone was ten times the body’s strength.

With everything together, it was 11 times its original strength before! With the beast’s body’s strength, unleashing Deities of the world, with the progress it had made in the 2nd level, it could reach 5 times its strength. And after triggering the blood river energy…plus the new 11 times its power, it was close to 55 times.

Unleashing its natural ability of strengthening, with a slash of the right claw, it reaches close to 110 times the original body’s strength!

110 times!

What was that?

Even if the golden horned beast didn’t use spirit energy, genetic energy, just the physical strength alone was 110 times its original, and its original strength was already incredibly intrepid, plus the comprehension of the beast god statue, the ultimate 1 claw technique…its power was simply too terrifying.

If it had only absorbed 99 crystals.

The difference in power was too much.

Because of the increase in strength of the body, and multiplied with deities of the world and strengthening, it multiplies even further, hence it was that terrifying!

“A normal golden horned beast training in deities of the world wouldn’t even compare to me.” Luo Feng thought, “And under normal circumstances, there would never be a chance to acquire the beast god statue, much less absorbing so many blood river crystals… my willpower is stronger than many undyings, even if those golden horned beasts acquired blood river crystals, they probably wouldn’t be able to absorb so many.”

The combination of many factors.

Luo Feng’s willpower, the golden horned beast’s structure, the resources form the virtual universe company, plus some luck, it finally created a terrifying golden horned beast!

Compared to the golden horned beast, the mosha clansmens strength was much weaker!

“The golden horned beast is still not strong enough now!”

“Firstly, its law comprehension is far from enough, the 1 claw technique, isn’t even 1% of the beast god’s power when it unleashed it.”

“Secondly, I’m currently in the 2nd level of deities of the world, and i’m only training a part of it. Making big progress in deities of the world would allow me to raise my strength by 9 times. If I complete even the 3rd level…then it’d be heavenly.” Luo Feng pondered.

In his heart…

Ever since he heard of his teacher mentioning that absolute genius Ke Di that could kill an official level undying at sector lord pinnacle level, his ambition began to grow…I, Luo Feng, also want to be able to kill an official level undying at sector lord pinnacle level.

“If he can do it, and I have the golden horned beast body, why can’t I do it?” Luo Feng thought.

That Ke Di must have had many miraculous encounters, and many secrets, otherwise, just relying on law comprehension cannot be that heavenly.

Hence Luo Feng wasn’t satisfied with his several encounters.

“The universe is vast and there are many miraculous encounters and things there. To actually combine everything…use it well, only then can one become an absolute warrior.” Luo Feng thought, “If I train hard on earth for a few decades, I’ll be able to step into the sector lord level. Then my origin law comprehension will be able to progress at amazing speeds.

Sector lord level was the time of true acceleration.

What Luo Feng could do now was to make his foundation as solid as possible, that way, when he reached sector lord pinnacle, he could unleash terrifying strength!

…

In the blink of an eye, half a month passed.

Within the Yun Mo planet ship control room, Luo Feng and Dylan stood at the control board.

“Immediately beginning universe transfer, entering the solar system.

“Countdown, 10…9…8…7…6…5…4…3…2…1!”

The ship shook slightly.

Very quickly, through the external simulator, Luo Feng saw a familiar space, a burning sun and surrounding it the many planets, revolving about it.

This space was the solar system.

“I’m back!”

Luo Feng let out a long sigh of relief, his gaze complex.

Sou!

The yun mo planet ship swiftly headed towards earth, as an f grade ship, modified and upgraded by the pinnacle of humanity’s technology the virtual universe company, the power this ship held within was tremendous…at least to the point where earth’s security system had no way to detect this f grade ship.

After flying for awhile…

“Hm?” Luo Feng gazed at the planet close to earth, an originally simple red planet…mars.

“It’s actually…hehe, changed so much.”

Luo feng smiled.

“Your majesty, why are you smiling?” Dylan asked curiously.

“Look, that planet.” Luo Feng pointed at mars.

“The green planet?” Dylan asked curiously.

“No, 200 years ago, it was a red planet.” Luo Feng smiled, “However as it is the easiest planet to modify to be suitable for human inhabitants, plus its surface area isn’t too big, at least far from earth’s area. With earth’s current strength, it had completely changed mars into a life planet.”

“Changed?” Dylan asked curiously, “The price of creating a life planet is much more than buying a life planet.”

Luo Feng smiled.

Right, it was much more.

However the Luo Family was currently the milky way leader, and earth’s position was extremely wealthy, however…the moment they entered universe transfer and left, returning would require going through the wormhole and taking close to 3 years to return. 3 years of travel to the humans of earth was simply too long. Many couldn’t bear to leave earth too, hence they’d rather remodel mars.

Turning mars into a life planet!

Within the solar system, humans were currently living on earth and mars. Of course…there were other moons and satellites that were remodeled but those were much easier.

…

Very quickly, the yun mo planet ship reached close to earth’s atmosphere.

“Wa, so many ships around?” Dylan couldn’t help but get shocked, “I’ve been to many life planets, there’s rarely so many ships about.”

Luo feng gazed at the distant ships that flew out of earth, some heading to the moon and others to mars, he couldn’t help but smile.

“These ships are all not entering universe transfer.” Luo Feng explained, “Earth and mars, along with some satellites, have large amount of ships head back and forth. The travel is convenient.”

Just like a long distance coach or public train.

Large amount of ships headed to earth, mars and many satellites, within one day, they could make it to their destinations.

They could totally eat breakfast on earth, go to mars for lunch and return to earth to sleep.

Also…

To the Luo family, leader of the milky way, large amounts of a and b grade ships was simply nothing to them. The humans of earth only needed to pay a small amount to sit in the ships to travel…the Luo family’s business of running these ships only required the cost of paying one employee.

“Everybody, leave the ship.” Luo Feng suddenly ordered.

Rumble…

The guards on the yun mo planet ship all swiftly left their quarters.

“Dylan, you are in charge of concealing their traces, I don’t want to be discovered by earth, there being over 1,000 people in earth’s atmosphere suddenly.” Luo Feng laughed.

“This is easy.” Dylan nodded and smiled.

A great undying, if he couldn’t even avoid earth’s detection, that would be a joke.

After a while!

Luo Feng and his guard team stood in the space outside, the yun mo planet ship was kept in Babata’s storage.

“Dylan, keep the guards in your world.” Luo Feng smiled, “It’d be best that I return without all the grandeur.”

“Yes.” Dylan nodded.

Dylan looked at the over 1,000 guards floating there, with a wave, he kept all of them within his internal world. The world created by a sector lord was incredibly convenient, and it even allowed people to live within! However…the worlds were only capable of being created by sector lords, the moment one became an undying, they would lose this ability.

Hence, during sector lord level, they would create a few worlds in preparation.

As the costs was huge, the number of worlds created wouldn’t be that many.

“Hm, Let’s go!” Luo Feng rushed through the atmosphere, Dylan followed behind.

…

Passing the atmosphere, he quickly saw the land of earth.

“That’s…the pacific ocean.”

Luo Feng deduced from the continents below, “That way!”

Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng and Dylan’s flying speed had already reached a terrifying speed, within 1 second they flew from the pacific ocean to close to America, finally arriving above Asia.

“What a beautiful planet.” Dylan looked at the planet below and exclaimed, “Your home is not bad.”

“You should have come 200 years again.” Luo Feng smiled and looked below.

Right.

The earth had undergone huge change.

Before the great nirvana, the earth was highly populated, that time, the pollution levels were very bad with smog all over.

After the great nirvana, the entire earth was in its last phase, many cities became playgrounds for beasts, forming wastelands, and the most vast area, the oceans, had become the domain of beasts. Humans could only stay within the bases…careful and vigilant!

However…

With Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god leaving earth to explore the universe, the earth began to undergo change.

With large amounts of technology and resources, even capable of turning a normal planet into a life planet, then, remodeling earth itself became extremely easy.

“So beautiful.” Luo Feng looked below and exclaimed.

The entire earth had become a green ocean, with many types of planets spread throughout, little animals moving within the forests, these animals…were only normal animals, not the beasts of back then.

The wasteland cities had completely gone, ah…no!

There were still small amounts of wasteland cities, they were preserved like museums for the new inhabitants of earth to visit and study.


Chapter 628: Heard

“It’s changed.”

“The density of humans has shrunk.” Luo Feng gazed at the city below as he flew.

There were almost no farming and plantation areas, it was mostly human living regions, suburbs, cities. The cities were all extremely beautiful, the sky was blue and pure, the ground lush with greenery, even in the most bustling cities, it was rare to see huge skyscrapers, only the remains of those from yesteryear.

“Your majesty, where did you live back then?” Dylan smiled and asked.

“There!” Luo Feng pointed at a distant advanced city, “Jiang Nan base, Yang Zhou city, one of the 8 great cities, the name of this place is still the same, however it has completely changed.

Yangzhou city, it was currently the most famous city on earth.

Just the population living there reached up to 20 million, plus the large amount of tourists, those searching for Luo Feng’s history and the many worshippers, it made it extremely bustling. During the entire earth’s remodeling… Yang Zhou city’s status had already reached the level of Jiang Nan base.

Yang Zhou city, Luo Feng’s old living quarters.

“Dylan, in awhile, change your appearance a little.” Luo Feng smiled as he looked at the black robed bald man beside him, “You are obviously not an earth human looking like that, it would draw attention.”

“Understood.” Dylan nodded, simultaneously his undying energy rippled and his facial features moved like water, quickly taking the form of a normal looking yellow skinned bald man, no different from the humans of earth, even his dressing changed to that of a casual night wear.

Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng and Dylan swiftly rushed downwards, the 2 didn’t raise any of the city’s security, without a sound, they entered a pathway in Yang zhou city.

“This is the high school I studied at back then.”

“This is the path I frequented, it still looks the same.”

“There is where I used to live in, a rental place.”

As Luo feng and Dylan walked, Luo Feng gazed at the memories from over 200 years ago, as a universe warrior, his memory was extremely good, he could even pull out memories of when he was an infant.

“It sure is bustling here.” Dylan pointed at the distant spacious Dojo of limits.

“That’s where I trained.” Luo Feng smiled, “Back then I was one of the members.

“Your majesty used to train there, and now you are the milky way leader, no wonder this dojo is so crowded.” Dylan smiled and nodded, Luo Feng pointed at a not too distant restaurant, “Let’s go, to that restaurant to eat, I didn’t expect it to be here even after 200 years.”

Luo Feng put on sunglasses and walked with Dylan into the restaurant.

After entering.

Luo Feng and Dylan realized many had gathered within, it was noisy and crowded.

“The people of my home love to gather and chatter, nothing’s changed.” Luo Feng smiled and walked to a corner to observe the happenings.

It was a mess within.

The plates and bowls on the table were broken, a fat yellow haired youth had 4 black uniformed bodyguards, another youth in training attire was blocking a girl.

“Fat Yan, don’t use your background as a weapon.” The youth in training attire rubbed the blood traces on his mouth, pointing angrily at the fat youth, “Didn’t you want to clear the place, do that! Why pick trouble with me, Yang Zhi. Why…you want to rely on your boss’s bodyguards to cripple me?”

“I’ve never picked on you, who asked you to disrespect my boss.” The fat youth laughed coldly, “And you are still not leaving!”

He thought within…this Yang Zhi actually improved so quickly, he withstood the boss’s bodyguard attacks and was not crippled.

“Chi.” The blood rushed from within the youth in the training uniform, he couldn’t help but spit out some.

“Ah Zhi, Ah Zhi.” The young lady behind quickly supported him, :Are you ok, are you ok?”

“Relax, I’m fine.” The youth snorted coldly, glancing at the yellow haired fatty, “If I hadn’t just broken through, I would really have been crippled back then, hmph, however now that we are downstairs amidst such a huge crowd in Yang Zhou city, that fatty is only an errand boy, he doesn’t have the guts to mess things up.”

The yellow haired fatty shouted coldly, “Boss, boss, I said to clean up the place, why is this punk still here.”

The restaurant boss, a skinny youth just smiled and walked out.

“Yan Huan!” The girl behind the youth in training uniform pointed angrily at the fatty, “My big brother will be here soon, don’t get too cocky.”

“Make way!”

A group of police became beams of lights as they swiftly parted the crowd, 10 of them swiftly took up the restaurant’s important positions.

Luo Feng who was standing in the corner couldn’t help but smile.

Police?

The police on earth now all seemed like war god level. Seems right… after all, the weakest level of humans on earth were soldier level.

“Who dares make a mess?” The leader of the police, a tall and sturdy man gazed at the scene.

“Big brother!” The lady looked like she saw her savior, shouted.

“Little sister.” The man saw that his sister was unharmed, letting out a sigh of relief, however after spotting the youth in training uniform pale and with traces of blood on his clothes, his expression changed, “Brother Yang Zhi, what’s going on?’

“Big brother, this Fat Yan brought people here to clear the place for his boss, we naturally wouldn’t mess with his boss, hence we were prepared to leave. However he purposely couldn’t let Yang Zhi go and intentionally sought trouble, even allowing one of his bodyguards to attack him…luckily Yang Zhi was knocked down to the 1st floor, with the crowd and people here, hence they didn’t dare go further. If it were upstairs, I’m afraid, afraid…” The lady’s eyes had tears in them.

The strong looking man turned and stared at the yellow haired fatty.

The fatty however was all smiles, the 4 bodyguards behind were all smiling too.

“Captain Wang.” The fatty smiled.

“Yan Huan, know your limits, this is Yang Zhou city! If matters are blown up, no one can protect you.” The man ordered.

The fatty smiled, “Right, this is Yang Zhou city, Luo family’s Yang Zhou city! Not just Yang Zhou city, the entire milky way is the Luo family’s…here, anybody who messes with the Luo family, no one can protect you.”

The group of policemen were silent.

The leader of the policemen stared hard at the fatty, ordering softly, “Little sister, let’s go.” After which, he supported the youth in training uniform.

“Hmph.”

The fatty smiled as he looked at the scene.

In the corner of the restaurant.

“He seems to be connected to your family.” Dylan smiled at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng smiled too, “Seems so.”

Suddenly, there was a commotion outside, the large group of people gathered outside swiftly dodged as a powerful sound resounded, “It’s the ship of the genius of the Luo family.” A 30m diameter dark blue ship descended from above, as it came down, many black uniformed bodyguards swiftly jumped off and surrounded the restaurant.

“The boss is here.” The fatty’s expression changed as his hands became a blur, swiftly picking up all the broken plates and bowls and furniture.

“Hurry and clear the rubbish.” The fatty ordered softly about.

Immediately…

The 4 black uniformed bodyguards behind him along with the group of staff swiftly picked up the rubbish and in 10 short seconds, the entire restaurant was clear and empty. A new rug was put on and at this time…the cabin door of the ship outside opened and a curly haired fat youth walked out and landed, behind him followed a purple dressed voluptuous lady.

Luo Yan Zhang glanced about.

Many people outside the circle of guards looked on excitedly.

“That’s the Luo Family’s genius Master Luo Yan Zhang.”

“It’s master Luo Yan Zhang.”

“Look, his eyebrows are very similar to the leader Luo Feng.”

“Hm.”

“I came to Yang Zhou city for holiday, it’s the first time I’m seeing people of the Luo family.”

The crowd around was in an uproar.

Luo Yan Zhang was very calm about the matter, as the family of the leader of the milky way…and because of Luo feng, even the royalty of the black dragon mountain empire didn’t dare disrespect the Luo Family. And the surrounding basic level universe civilizations all worshipped and highly respected the Luo Family.

Even though they didn’t establish a royal family, however…

In the eyes of the humans of earth, the milky way leader Luo family was akin to royalty.

As a family that was started from Luo Feng over 200 years ago, compared to those royal families more than 1 million years ago, Luo Feng’s family members were much lesser compared to them, just the males in the family alone only ranged in the hundreds. Hence, to actually see a member of the family was extremely rare.

“Nana, let’s enter.” Luo Yan Zhang smiled at the girl.

“I’ve always wanted to come here, I heard it’s been here since before the great nirvana.” The voluptuous girl said excitedly.

Luo Yan Zhang smiled and nodded.

The 2 entered side by side.

Within the restaurant.

The group of policemen hadn’t had time to leave, hence they were still there.

“Master Luo.” The policemen all bowed respectfully, including the captain, he too bowed respectfully willingly, even though the Luo Family was powerful, they never had any bad news about them, mostly just some small matters…after all, the legendary member of the family…the leader Luo Feng had very strict requirements on his family.

“Hm.” Luo Yan Zhang smiled and nodded.

After which he gazed about the restaurant, frowning as he discovered the remains of a battle earlier within.

“Boss.” The yellow haired fatty ran over.

“Hmph.” Luo Yan Zhang had a hint of rage in his eyes, causing the fatty to force out a smile.

Yan Huan was his classmate in school, plus they were both fat, also he knew how to please and flatter people, hence they became friends…

Luo Yan Zhang looked at the blood stained youth in the training uniform, smiling, “Yang Zhi, are you ok.”

“No problem, Master Luo.” The youth replied.

“Hm.” Luo Yan Zhang nodded.

“Leave, all of you.” He ordered.

Immediately, the group of policemen, the youth in the training uniform, the girl and the other guest who hadn’t left all walked away, Luo Yan Zhang had ordered them…they all felt like this was a very normal thing. Not discussing other matters, just his power alone was star traveller level!

Within the restaurant.

“I told you last time to teach him a lesson, but you have to see the circumstance.” Luo Yan Zhang shot a cold glance at the yellow haired fatty, communicating, “Don’t humiliate me when you do things, understand?”

“Yes boss.” The yellow haired fatty replied.

Luo Yan Zhang suddenly stopped, his expression changed as he suddenly turned to look at the corner of the restaurant, his eyes revealing shock…he had just ordered and let everybody leave, and he felt as though everyone had already left. The 2 standing in the corner, he was a star traveller level and he didn’t even realize they were there, almost like there were air.

“This punk is quite vicious, he looks one way but secretly acts another, hehe, in the universe, he’d survive quite long. However, he’s pretty unlike you, is he from the Luo Family?” Dylan asked.

“Yes, indeed he’s from the Luo family, he’s called Luo Yan Zhang, my 8th great grandson.” Luo Feng told Dylan.

They noticed Luo Yan Zhang looking over.

Only then did Luo Feng take off his sunglasses, his facial muscles moved slightly and looked right back at him.

“Ah.”

Luo Yan Zhang’s expression went completely pale, sweat beading from his forehead.


Chapter 629: Home

He was completely shocked.

He, Luo Yan Zhang, Luo Feng’s 8th great grandchild.

As a member of the Luo Family…even in the milky way, and even the black dragon mountain star field, that represented a very high status. However, no matter how high their position in the family was, to the legendary being that caused earth’s position to rise so much, Luo Feng, he was still but a small fry.

Also! The Luo Family rules were very strict!

“He definitely saw it, the family leader definitely saw it, definitely.” Luo Yan Zhang’s sweat beaded from his forehead, he looked at this man who seemed normal, slightly taller than he was, his gaze piercing and making him shudder.

This man before him…was the man he worshipped, the leader of the Luo Family, the legendary being of earth.

Luo Feng!

“Boss?” The yellow haired fatty shouted curiously.

“Yan Zhang.” The lady beside also shouted beside him.

Luo Yan Zhang stood before Luo Feng, filled with fear, not knowing what to say.

He was only the 8th great grand child.

There were many disciples under the family, plus with Luo Feng constantly immersed in training for many years, occasionally entering the virtual universe’s black dragon mountain 9 star bay, meeting the little generation that were out for a few decades, they had at most seen him 2 to 3 times…like Luo Yan Zhang, he had only seen Luo Feng 3 times since birth!

Luo Feng had only spoken to him once before!

In his heart…the leader Luo Feng was an absolute being high above.

…

The restaurant was completely silent, everybody felt something was wrong, especially the black uniformed bodyguards that stood and stared curiously at the black haired man in the corner.

Why is he so like Luo Feng?

“Go home immediately, you don’t need to mention me, they’ll immediately forget they saw me.” The black short haired man glanced at Luo Yan Zhang.

“Yes.” Luo Yan Zhang held his breath and replied respectfully.

The others around saw that this genius master of the Luo Family was acting all respectful, hearing that cool Luo Feng looking man say they’ll immediately forget they saw me, they couldn’t help but be filled with shock.

“Let’s go.”

“Yes your majesty.”

The black short haired man and the other bald tall and skinny man vanished.

Only Luo Yan Zhang and his group along with the staff in the restaurant with their boss were left there, and the initially shocked guards and staff all regained their composure immediately, almost like they never saw the 2 men.

“The leader truly has unbelievable power.” Luo Yan Zhang looked at the looks of his underlings around, holding his breath, “My conversation with Yan Huan earlier must have been picked up by him, what do I do? What do I do? Even though I knew that the leader would return within these 2 years, who’d have expected him to not return home immediately and come to this restaurant instead!”

Luo Yan Zhang was worried within.

“Boss, let’s go and eat.” The fatty said.

“Yan Zhang.” The lady beside shouted too.

“Shut up!” Luo Yan Zhang raged, scaring both the fatty and the girl.

“When one is inadequate, it would result in many failures!” He looked coldly at the fatty and ordered, “Let’s go back. Nana, you’ll go back yourself, I have important matters.”

“Yes.”

Even though the black uniformed men were curious as to why their master, who had initially come to eat suddenly wanted to return. However they all complied, supporting him back into the private ship and swiftly lifting off.

Earth, Luo family.

The Luo Family had complete and absolute power, even though the earth was still run by the Earth union. But because the entire milky way was under the Luo family, naturally…their position was special. And the earth union was mainly made of the upper echelon of the 5 great countries.

Yang zhou city, Luo Feng’s old residence.

At its outer rim were many groups of uniformed guards patrolling, the guards were all extremely proud, because it was simply too difficult to become a guard of the Luo family, firstly, many of their guards were universe, star level slaves the family purchased directly, and they were plentiful.

Hence, the standards for the guards taken in from earth were much higher, even with the comrade status, the lowest requirement was a war god level warrior!

However, as long as they joined the Luo family, even if they entered as a war god…they would quickly reach star traveller level!

Star traveller level within the Luo family was very normal.

“Many of the masters have all returned recently.”

“Right, even lord Puyang who was in the Chenjing star field which is far from the black dragon mountain starfield has returned, I heard he rushed in the dark universe in his ship for close to half a year.”

“I heard master Hai also gave up his universe mission and returned.”

The staff within the old residence were all discussing, the Luo family, as a powerful family, had many of its disciples on other planets, with very few remaining on earth. However, recently, they all swiftly rushed back from everywhere, the staff all felt it was abnormal.

…

Luo old residence, within its core was a quiet courtyard. This yard had a special position within the family, because…this was where Luo Feng’s brother Luo Hua lived.

Within the courtyard.

“Big brother!”

“Luo Hua!”

Luo Hua pushed the door and came out, looking at Luo Feng and Dylan who were standing in the yard, he couldn’t help but shout out surprised.

The 2 brothers hugged.

“It’s been over 200 years since you appeared in reality.” Luo Hua said as he smiled.

“Hm, it’s been awhile, the earth’s changed a lot.” Luo Feng nodded at his brother, over 200 years, his brother didn’t seem like he aged at all, still with the youthfulness of a student.

“Where’s mom and dad?” Luo Feng asked.

“Do you need to ask, of course they are battling in the virtual universe games.” Luo Hua laughed, “I don’t know what’s up with them, they actually became game addicts, luckily they’ve been strengthened to universe level strength and mental capability, so they wouldn’t mix up the virtual world with reality.”

Luo Feng shook his head and laughed.

Of the entire Luo family, the most addicted to the virtual games were his parents.

He had heard his dad say that during his escape back in the great nirvana, he had seen some paperback novels, and of which some were online too. Hence his parents were addicted to these virtual games! They had 100% simulation, and when the game time dragged for long periods, it made it hard for people to distinguish reality from the game.

This was also why many rich disciples in the universe develop mental illnesses.

However…

Luo Feng had purely relied on resources to force his parents and little brother to the universe level! These sort of universe levels that purely relied on resources, were enough to buy a small universe level slave army. Of course, forcefully creating a few universe levels was nothing to Luo Feng.

“Big brother, you don’t know, everytime they see me, they get so excited about discussing the games, saying they are massacring in it and becoming some big bosses.” Luo Hua shook his head and laughed, “They even said their lives have been worth it, playing the game makes them feel as though they are experiencing another life. 100% simulation…really exhilarating.”

Luo Feng laughed, “As long as they are happy.”

“Every virtual game goes for a few decades, it’s like living an entire life.” Luo Hua laughed, “By spending some money, it makes it as though they’ve lived for 1,000 eras, playing many virtual games and experiencing many stories.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Life was different.

When his parents were young, the earth was in chaos and they had to flee to escape and occasionally scrape some novels to read. During the many years of fleeing, they finally rooted in the base! However they had to stay in a rental…working hard to care for them 2 brothers. Finally when they reached over 40 and 50, only then did Luo Feng rise up!

His parents could finally relax! Completing their dreams of their youth, playing games within the virtual universe, incomparably thrilling and fulfilling.

Of course.

To play so much, one required money and time.

“Humanity’s stability in the universe, allowing so many normal people to enjoy it, this was all built on countless warriors protecting it.” Dylan who stood behind Luo Feng said solemnly, ” The countless races in the universe, with some pinnacle races in war against each other, the weaker races become subordinates or form their own alliances, they all fight for their survival! Every second, humans die for humanity…if there was a day those great warriors all fall and humanity loses, those normal people won’t be able to continue enjoying it like that.”

Luo Feng and Luo Hua were shocked.

They nodded.

“Your majesty, you have the makings of an absolute being.” Dylan looked at Luo Feng, “Even my teacher praises you, favors you. You will become one of the pillars supporting humanity!”

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng!”

A silhouette entered the courtyard.

Luo Feng turned and saw the long haired Xu Xin.

“Honey.” Luo Feng smiled sheepishly.

“The moment you come back you look for your brother.” She snorted coldly.

“No, I scanned with my spirit energy earlier and you weren’t home.” Luo Feng smiled and walked over, quickly changing the subject, “Right, when I came back…I saw that punk Luo Yan Zhang, the way he does things…”

“You mean Yan Zhang?

Xu Xin frowned with some rage, “Hm, he is quite problematic, the family core is secretly collecting evidence on him, however…at least he hasn’t done any huge grievous matters. Since you’ve brought it up, I’ll immediately send him to the family court and accept his verdict and punishment.”

Managing a family, especially one that would continue on for 10,000 years, a million years and even a trillion years!

It definitely couldn’t rely on one person’s judgment and decision, and Luo Feng didn’t have the time to go manage the entire proceedings of the family, hence…they had to have family rules! And a family court!

“These few years, you haven’t bothered about anything.” Xu Xin stared at Luo Feng, “About the family court, I’ll give you a report, over these many years, there’ve been 3 disciples sentenced to death, 37 punished, light and heavy. That Yan Zhang punk is talented and improves fast, and his crimes aren’t that heavy, plus he is still young, the verdict will probably at most punish him to a mineral planet for 3 to 10 years.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The Luo family rules were much stricter than many of the larger families in the universe.


Chapter 630: The Plan for the Bug Clan Mother Nest

After chatting with his wife for a while and seeing his 2 sons separately, the Luo family held a ceremony that night.

The disciples of the Luo family all rushed back from around the universe.

Evening, the gathering began, the hall was bustling with the disciples within.

“Greetings leader!” Over 2,000 people knelt down respectfully in the hall.

“Haha…” Luo Feng sat in the main seat, smiling as he looked at the crowd below, these over 2,000 people were filled with both men and women, over 200 years, it’s been many generations, the youngest at the moment was the 11th generation grandchild! There were a total of over 500 men amongst the 2,000 below.

The rest were women, of course there were many more daughter in laws, grand daughter in laws etc.

Even though there were many in the family with only 1 spouse, the later generations, as they explored the universe more and gained more perspective, were influenced by other families…with many having many wives and even tens of them. The strong in the universe, those with power and status usually had many wives.

Of course!

Those attending today’s family meeting, the men only brought a max of 3 wives each, not daring to bring more.

“Get up all of you.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes family leader.” Over 2,000 people got up.

Luo Feng looked at infants carried by their parents below, many of them blinked and looked at him, some of them had dark blue eyes, obviously some were mixed blood.

“Xu Xin.” Luo Feng said softly to his wife beside him, “The later generations all seem to have more wives, the number of children are growing too.”

“Hm.” Xu Xin nodded, “Like your 9th generation grandson Luo Ke Di, he has 51 wives, a third of them are of earth human bloodline, the rest are all from the other races in the universe, of course they are still races close to that of the women of earth. That is our family rule! He has 21 sons and 28 daughters.”

Luo Feng was speechless.

Luo Ke Di? Vicious.

“The family reputation is growing and as the Luo Family gets stronger, especially with you taking up the supervisor envoy position, being one of the 4 tycoons of the Ganwu universe country, many ancient races in the country would mix.” Xu Xin said helplessly, these later generation kids have seen much and naturally influenced by them. Those huge families in the universe, some of them marry over 10,000 spouses and have over 10,000 children.

“Compared to them, our Luo family is still ok.” Xu Xin said.

“…” Luo Feng was silent.

“This is a normal thing that happens when a family grows, and for the family to flourish, it indeed to be big, with bigger numbers, only then will the chances of elites be higher.” Xu Xin smiled, “Those ancient families in the universe, which of them doesn’t have trillions of disciples. Just within the family alone, the number of sector lords, domain lords and universe levels are uncountable!”

Luo Feng forced a smile.

If his later generations, everyone of them married tens of wives and gave birth to tens of children…in a hundred to a thousand years, his family population would range in the trillions.

“The reason why humanity is strong.” Dylan said beside him quietly, “is because of its reproductivity strength, its numbers are huge.”

Luo Feng turned to look at Dylan.

Reproductivity?

Tens of children?

Why did it feel like a sow giving birth, having a group at a time.

“Mr Dylan is right.” Xu Xin smiled and nodded, “For a family to become stronger, it cannot simply rely on one person. It requires large amounts of disciples. There’s only over 500 men in the family, compared to the ancient families in the universe, it’s pitiful.”

“Alright.” Luo Feng shook his head and smiled.

His own generation, Luo Ping and Luo Hai…

At least the earlier generations all mostly had 1 spouse, occasionally having 2 or 3.

The later it got.

Especially the 6th generation grandchildren, 7th…it got more absurd.

“Right now Luo Ke Di has tens of wives, i’m afraid the later generations will be even more absurd.” Luo Feng laughed lightly and Xu Xin said beside him, “Eventually, it wouldn’t even be strange if one comes up with thousands to tens of thousands of wives.”

“Luo Ke Di, Luo Ke Di.” Luo Hua who sat beside Luo Feng laughed, “Brother, who came up with this name, it seems accurate. That punk’s strength is average, yet he has so many wives and children… and he’s still young, I’ve seen this punk, he has the brains for business, the family gave him 3 life planets as territory, he not only built a few palaces there, he’s even built palaces in many places in the universe, nice places to keep his women. Having 51 wives at such a young age, I think in a few decades, it’ll reach the hundreds or even thousands.”

“Luo Ke Di, Luo Ke Di.” Luo Hua shook his head, “Just using the huge number of children he has, he can win over his enemies! It’s an accurate name for him!”

“A reminder to all.”

“Xu Xin smiled, “51 wives is the reported number. According to the family report system…that Luo Ke Di has another 62 he hasn’t reported.”

Luo Feng and Luo Hua exchanged glances.

Speechless!

“Genius.” The undying Dylan laughed lightly beside.

…

This gathering, Luo Feng played around with the infants, of course the thing that shocked him the most was still…Luo Ke Di.

Luo Feng had a feeling…

That if this went on.

His family would grow extremely huge, of course compared to the black dragon mountain empire royal family or the Ji Shi family etc, the ancient families…even if his family reached over a hundred million, it wouldn’t even be a fraction of the ancient families.

After the ceremony.

Luo Feng, Xu Xin, Luo Ping and Luo Hai sat together as a family.

“Dad.” Luo Hai asked, “How long will you be back for this time?”

“Little Hai, I’ll stay pretty long on earth this time.” Luo Feng smiled and rubbed his son’s head, of the 2 sons, Luo Ping was more steady and grounded, Luo Hai however was more hot blooded and was studying in the Ganwu dojo, exploring the universe, with the family’s nurturing, he was already star level 8.

“How long is pretty long?” Luo Hai asked.

Luo Ping looked at his father too.

“If it’s short, a few hundred years, if it’s long, over a thousands years to tens of thousands.” Luo Feng smiled, “The time I’m the supervisor envoy, I’ll remain here in reality on earth. Unless there’s a special mission the virtual universe company sends occasionally, the rest of the time I’ll be here.”

“Haha, yay.” Luo Hai cheered.

Pa!

Luo Ping and Luo Hai, the 2 brothers bumped fists in celebration.

Luo Feng and Xu Xin laughed at the scene, there were many disciples in the family, the 2 closest however were still their own sons.

“I won’t be leaving to explore the universe these few years.” Luo Hai shouted, “I want to be on earth, haha, dad, of your guard group, there’s actually 10 sector lords and 100 domain lords…hehe, and even an undying, there’ll be many to teach me in the future.”

“Don’t disturb Dylan if it isn’t important, once or twice is fine.” Luo Feng ordered, “And you are only a star level 8 punk…the 10 sector lords in my guard team are all recognized by the origin laws. All of them can easily give you pointers, looking for them is enough.”

Luo Hai nodded, “Understood dad.”

Sector lords recognized by the origin laws? Even if the entire black dragon mountain star field put them together, there would only be so few.

“Xu Xin.” Luo Feng looked at his wife, “My plan is to buy a few advanced technological items from the virtual universe to remodel the earth.

“Remodel earth?”

Xu Xin, Luo Ping and Luo Hai looked shocked at Luo Feng.

“Hm!” Luo Feng nodded.

“Dylan.” Luo Feng shouted, simultaneously communicating over 1km away into the house.

Sou.

Dylan appeared in mid air.

“Your majesty.” Dylan shouted, Luo Ping, Luo Hai and Xu Xin immediately became serious, after all this was an undying.

“Tell them my plans to remodel earth.” Luo Feng said.

“Hm.” Dylan looked at Xu Xin and the 2 brothers, “Your majesty is True Yan emperor’s disciples, and you even made it into the primal region on your 1st time, you are definitely one of the top elites of the virtual universe company, and the company favors such a genius, similarly…the other races in the universe would too.”

Xu Xin, Luo Ping and Luo Hai were shocked.

“The universe isn’t fair.”

“War will always be there.” Dylan said, “The armies of the universe countries, large amounts of soldiers die every day…however those are still mostly just cannon fodder, for an absolute genius like your majesty, you are the true threat to those other races. With your talent, as long as you don’t fall!”

“It’s set that you’d become at least an official level undying, there’s even hope for you to become an emperor level undying. There’s even a slight chance for you to become the mighty universe country leaders.”

“To these absolute geniuses.”

“Humanity recognizes your importance, naturally the other races do too.”

“What humanity recognizes…is nurture, while what the other races… they have to kill them early!” Dylan said, Xu Xin, Luo Ping and Luo Hai’s expression changed.

Dylan smiled, “However, don’t worry, the few elites the other races have hidden within humanity do not dare reveal themselves too easily, after all, hiding amongst us and not being discovered is an extremely hard thing to do.”

“And also, the absolute geniuses aren’t fully matured yet, and their position is at most similar to an official level undying.” Dylan said, “In truth, to break through that space technique surrounding earth, one has to at least be an official level undying proficient in space techniques, and even so, these official level undyings wouldn’t do it personally, because doing that would reveal themselves, and within humanity’s territory, they wouldn’t be able to escape.”

Luo Feng nodded, “Hence you needn’t be too worried.”

Xu Xin, Luo Ping and Luo Hai nodded.

“To conceal themselves and enter is hard enough, and doing that with an official level undying. To these races, their value is akin to an emperor level undying that’s not in our territory.” Dylan smiled, “They cannot bear to lose them! The stronger the being, the harder it is for them to enter human territory and hide. The moment they succeed…they all become important pawns!”

“However we cannot get careless either!”

“Assassination, there’s many ways to do it, they can use poison or automaton weapons or some special methods.” Dylan said, “Anyway, there’s many ways to kill someone.”

Xu Xin and the 2 brothers were shocked.

“You can relax, during the time any supervisor envoy is sent out, if they cannot even be guaranteed safety in the planet they stay in… they would all be long gone.” Dylan laughed, “The virtual universe company already has a perfect remodeling plan for the planets the geniuses stay long term in, it can at least guarantee that…these planets will be completely safe when they are in them. Only when they leave and do the other missions…normally only then would they face danger.”

Luo Feng smiled, “Let’s believe in the power of the virtual universe company.”

“Right, how’s the bug clan mother nest doing?” Luo Feng asked.

There were 2 important things he had to do on earth, 1 was to remodel it and the 2nd was the plan for the bug clan mother nest.


Chapter 631: Luo Feng’s Treasure Trove

“According to your request, we’ve built an ancient castle surrounding the area, we’ve been watching it very strictly.” Xu Xin emphasized, “That place is indeed very dangerous, even though our slave guards have been incredibly careful and serious in guarding it, the poisonous gas emitted from the mother nest has still killed 3 of our guards over these years.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Bug clan mother nest, it was a time bomb!

“Bug clan mother nest?” Dylan was shocked, “Is it a living one? With the queen within?”

“Right.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

“You’ve struck gold, your majesty has struck gold.” Dylan complimented.

“Not much, I’ve searched on its information, this one should only be sector lord level.” Luo Feng said.

Dylan replied, “Even a sector lord level bug clan mother nest can produce large amounts of bug warriors…and this mother nest is alive. If it were sold in the universe…it’ll definitely be able to fetch in over a million mixed elements! However, controlling it is extremely difficult.”

Catching a live mother nest was extremely hard.

Controlling it was extremely hard too.

However, should one manage to fully control one, then that was pure power. Even a mother nest that could at most produce sector lord level bug warriors…the moment it created sector lord army! With the numbers overwhelming, even an undying would have to dodge. An undying mother nest…was even more terrifying!

Every bug warrior at the undying level, that was simply a nightmare!

Bug clan!

It relied on these terrifying characteristics to dominate the universe and become one of the pinnacle races!

“Tomorrow, I’ll prepare to go see the mother nest.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

“Anytime is fine.” Xu Xin nodded.

“Be careful dad.” Luo Ping said.

“Haha…relax, even if it weren’t in the comatose state, I would have the guarantee of surviving, much less now.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with anticipation.

Bug clan mother nest, since he joined the virtual universe company, he had been keeping it at the back of his head.

His teacher Hu Yan Bo had no way to control this mother nest, however…the virtual universe company should! Afterall, among humanity, there were exchanges and auctions of the mother nests, this was also why Dylan could swiftly report a price. If there were deals on it…there would definitely be a way to control it!

However when Luo Feng was in the absolute beginning region, he didn’t manage to find any such information.

And after he became a primal region member, his authority grew and he managed to find it finally.

To control a bug clan mother nest, of humanity’s long history within the 1,008 universe countries, there were a total of 29 control techniques, all extremely difficult. These 29 techniques…some were obviously similar to the Soul Imprint Hu Yan Bo created. However the soul imprint within the slaves were still very unique.

29 techniques!

They all had different requirements, some of that required an undying to be able to control a sector lord level bug clan mother nest. Some required a universe country leader to control an undying level mother nest.

Some techniques only required a sector lord to control a sector lord level mother nest…similarly, the harder the training, the higher the price.

“Before I accepted the demon note inheritance, I would probably not even have a guarantee to control the sector lord level mother nest.” Luo Feng thought, “However…after receiving it, with my spirit energy amplitude up over 3,200 times, this is akin to many undyings who’ve gone to receive the inheritance.”

Many undyings end their inheritance at the end of the 1st part.

Undyings able to go there, were normally official level or emperor level, these beings, after receiving the inheritance would normally only raise their amplitude to about 3,000 times.

It could be seen…

3,000 times the spirit energy amplitude, this was already absurd. “With my amplitude this high, it fits the 10,000 mind control technique of the 29, the hardest requirement of this is the need to do many things at once, the highest level requires me to do 10,000 things at once.” Luo Feng thought, “When I reach the sector lord level, I’ll be able to use this 10,000 mind control to completely control that mother nest!”

“However, when that time comes, I’ll have to spend a huge amount of points to buy the technique.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, “As long as I can control a mother nest, all this will be worth it.”

Controlling a mother nest and nurturing it, the investment rewards would be shocking.

However…

Luo Feng was however anticipating putting more into nurturing it, the best was to hopefully control an undying mother nest, that would be crazy! However he understood also…that those mother nests were extremely rare within the entire bug clan.

The chances of evolution were even harder than the golden horned beast breaking through to undying by thousands to tens of thousands of times.

“I cannot hope for too much.”

“To even control a normal mother nest is already incredible and powerful. Creating a sector lord bug army, with its combined attack… hehe…” Luo Feng was excited, the bug army could react accordingly to the queen’s spirit energy and become one body, countless bug attacks combining into 1!

A trillion strong bug army acting as one, that was heavenly.

This was the power of the bug clan.

…

“After training for a few decades on earth, I’ll breakthrough to sector lord. When that time comes, I’ll train the 10,000 mind control technique and when that’s done, my strength should almost be ready to control that mother nest.” Luo Feng couldn’t wait, “After all at sector lord level, my internal world will go through an absolute change and I’ll be able to put life in.”

Before the golden horned beast became sector lord level, putting any life forms in would automatically be digested, and if that wasn’t possible, the internal world would crumble.

Sector lord level.

Internal world, it was akin to a human sector lord’s internal world, able to hold life forms within. The only difference was…the internal world of a golden horned beast was extremely vast.

“Placing the bug clan mother nest into the internal world, who knows if it’ll be digested.” Luo Feng thought, “And when my internal world is even bigger than, it’ll be extremely suitable for the mother nest to produce large amounts of bug soldiers, it can prepare a large amount and release all of them at the critical moment!”

Luo Ping and Luo Hai both went to rest, Luo Feng and Xu Xin returned back to their quarters.

…

On the bed.

Xu Xin hugged Luo Feng and said softly, “Feng, I have something to tell you.”

“What?” Luo Feng stroked his wife’s long hair.

“You should have realized that there are huge changes on earth since you left.” Xu Xin said, “And this remodeling completely relied on our Luo Family’s wealth.”

Luo Feng nodded.

That was normal, if the Luo family didn’t supply the money, who would?

“During the remodeling, as it was on a large scale, we dug up deep grounds, mountain paths etc, we discovered a few special items on earth.” Xu Xin smiled, “These items, some were items left during the civilization back then, we’ve studied many of them. However, there’s one item that we haven’t been able to fully understand.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Earth was governed by the universe country a long time ago , it was only after Hu Yan Bo took over later and place his space technique, hence there were naturally some items left behind.

However…

The Luo family now was incredibly powerful, items they weren’t able to study were extremely rare.

“This item, temperatures as high as the sun’s cannot even harm it, we initially started studying it carefully, but we got more daring as it went on, however we weren’t able to damage it at all. This item… is at least f grade material. However it’s definitely something else, not some other f grade metal we can find in the virtual universe.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

At least f grade metal hardness? And its not a f grade metal?

F grade alloy?

In the vast universe, with regards to alloys, it could be explained like that.

1, the highest an alloy could go to was e grade. Indeed.

2, super e grade alloys existed, indeed.

They seemed to contradict each other, in truth, they have to be explained from different angles.

In the vast universe, the highest grade any race can create of an alloy was e grade, only the automaton race have the ability to create super alloys…however, the living AIs, after they become undying and meld with the alloys in their body, it causes their alloy body to evolve and become super e grade alloys.

Meaning.

The super e grade alloys in the universe are actually only 1 kind… undying automaton bodies!

And accurately speaking, the automaton clan actually has no way to create them.

“That thing, looks just like a block.” Xu Xin said, “A very small board.

“That item? Where is it?” Luo Feng asked.

The automaton body should be one full body, not a board.

“It’s been placed in the family’s number 1 treasure trove.” Xu Xin said.

“No.1 treasure trove, so it’s on earth?” Luo Feng couldn’t wait, “Bring me there.”

The ancient families would all have a few treasure troves about, for in case the family were ever to fall, it could rebuild, and these treasure troves, some were stored in the banks, others in inconspicuous mineral planets in the universe.

Luo family, had 12 treasure troves.

Only number 1 was on earth.

…

“The other items in this treasure trove aren’t too valuable, together, they only add up to about 10 mixed elements or so.” Xu Xin walked in the underground path, the 2 sides were filled with lights, the ceiling had other hidden mechanisms, all Xu Xin could purchase with her virtual universe company core member status, “Only that metal board has been hard to price.”

Ke ke ke…

The treasure trove metal door opened automatically.

“That’s it.” Xu Xin retrieved the board.

Luo Feng glanced at it.

This was a pure black metal board, there were even some engravings on the surface, the only thing was that this board should have been broken off from a larger piece.

“The engravings are very normal.” Xu Xin said, “We didn’t discover anything special, however…this broken board, isn’t of any f grade metal we could find, and there’s no way to damage it. And according to the soil around it where we found it, this broken board should at least be over 6 hundred million years old, however it has no sign of decay at all.”

“Ah?”

Luo Feng received the board curiously, with a touch, he was shocked, “So light!”

This board, as it was broken before, had 6 edges, the longest with a length of 11.2 cm, the shortest at 3.1 cm, obviously it was a palm size black metal board. However the weight was akin to a pencil.

“Hm?” Luo Feng carefully examined the peculiar metal board that was discovered on earth.


Chapter 632: Flame God Race

Rubbing the palm sized black metal in his hand, it was cold and slippery, almost like touching a piece of jade.

“Feng, do you have any clue just what this black metal is?” Xu Xin asked.

Luo Feng gently shook his head.

Since he had never seen this black metal, even within the huge inherited memories of the golden horned beast, he had seriously studied the f grade and g grade metals before. However there wasn’t such a metal within the memories at all.

“Babata, do you know about this?” Luo Feng asked within.

“I’ve already scanned it and the scan wasn’t able to get any information, there’s no way to penetrate it, this is a black metal I’ve never seen before.” Babata said with curiosity within Luo Feng’s consciousness.

Luo Feng suddenly used both hands to hold the board.

“He!”

His eyes gleamed and he fiercely used his strength…as a domain lord level 9 warrior, he could easily destroy a life planet! However his powerful force didn’t even have any effect on the small metal board. It was almost as though Luo Feng’s strength was like an ant trying to shake a tree.

“What a strange metal.” Luo Feng frowned curiously, “Let’s return home.”

Luo Feng brought his wife and left the treasure trove.

…

On the balcony of the bedroom, Luo Feng sat there silently, it was already about 3 or 4am in the morning, the moon shone brightly in the sky, the cool chilly night breeze blew through the windows.

“With my authority right now, I’m able to search for many mysterious items and materials in the virtual universe company, I’ve mostly seen everything once before. And within the golden horned beast memories, there are many other special metals etc, I’ve seen that too.” Luo Feng rubbed the black board in his hand, “However there’s no information on this at all!”

“There must be something.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

He was very clear.

Even though his position was high, just within humanity itself…There were many much higher than him. Even though his primal region member position seemed powerful, above him were the emperor level undyings, and his teacher True Yan’s authority, was even higher than the normal emperor level undyings.

And above him were the universe country leaders.

Anyway!

Even though amongst the 1,008 universe countries of humanity, he was considered higher up, it wasn’t the true upper echelon. The information he knew naturally was little.

“However…I can’t even find this in the golden horned beast memories. Then this metal must really be very special.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but stare.

It was a treasure.

A definite treasure!

“The engravings on this broken black metal board surface, why does it look so normal.” Luo Feng stared at it, with his vision, he could analyze things through the superficial level down to even the cell level! However, even so, he couldn’t find anything special.

“Since I can’t see it visibly, I’ll try using spirit energy to scan it properly.” Luo Feng’s thoughts moved.

Chichi…

Formless, colorless, incredibly thin gentle threads of spirit energy gently scanned the board.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s expression changed, revealing a look of surprise.

“Haha! So its that way, it’s really special!”

Joyful surprise filled his gaze.

As he scanned it with his spirit energy, his energy threads didn’t go through the metal board at all, almost like air above it. It however scanned the interior of the board…and he could feel the many layers of obstruction.

“This metal has a definite effect of blocking spirit energy.” Luo Feng was incredibly excited, “However, my energy scan feels like it’s floating through air with this metal…maybe it isn’t a metal board, but a material that’s incredibly sturdy. Or maybe it’s a very special kind of metal! Anyway…I have to use spirit energy to invade it!”

“What’s inside?”

Luo Feng controlled his spirit energy.

Hundreds of spirit threads acted like needles piercing through the interior of the board, the many layers of obstruction, working hard at going all the way in.

After a while…

“hm?” Luo Feng’s expression changed slightly, he felt his spirit energy couldn’t go any deeper.

“I can’t pierce through?”

“I don’t believe this?” He squinted.

Within his internal world.

In the vast continent, that mountain range like golden horned beast raised its head and let out a huge roar, simultaneously the engravings on the 4 horns on its head lit up…

Natural ability strengthen!

It wasn’t simply strengthening the physical body of the beast, but even its soul…the soul within the core was strengthened too!

“Go!”

On the balcony, Luo Feng’s gaze was like lightning.

His earth body was currently domain lord level 9, and the golden horned beast was also domain lord level 9, since they were the same level, the soul within the core could withstand the strengthened spirit energy from within, his earth body wouldn’t crumble from the power!

If his human body was only universe level 9, he would be unable to use the spirit energy of the core.

As the difference was too huge, his human body would be able to take it.

Normally, if the difference was between 2 to 3 levels, the body could withstand it.

“Chi!” With the power of origin laws and increase in strength, Luo Feng immediately managed to pierce through even deeper into the black metal board.

Rumble…

“My child!” A faint resonating voice resounded within Luo Feng’s mind, immediately his consciousness was dragged into that illusion…

After a while…

Luo Feng’s body which was sitting on the balcony suddenly jolted, his expression struggling, he gritted his teeth and opened his eyes fiercely.

“Damn, I’ve never encountered such an illusion!” Luo Feng’s head was filled with perspiration, this was the most peculiar illusion he had ever come across, unlike the illusion techniques of humanity, they would normally be directed towards one’s heart and desires, character etc, making them fall in and unable to break free.

This illusion however…

Was one that purely bullied the person!

With that voice resonating, the many illusions that were created from it…As Luo Feng broke through one, more would appear. This resulted…in Luo Feng constantly breaking through the many illusions with more and more being generated from it, making him fall into an endless nightmare.

“I broke through close to 10,000 illusions, finally the endless illusions began to crumble.” Luo Feng took a deep breath, his spirit energy continued to search deep in the black metal board, suddenly words and information began to enter through his spirit energy.

After awhile, the words and information ended.

“Hm?”

“This is actually an inheritance storage item.” Luo feng rubbed the metal board curiously, “These words, are chinese characters, yet I don’t recognize them at all.”

Many chinese characters.

There were a total of 36,923 words.

It was a pity he didn’t recognize a single one.

“It kind of feels like ancient words from ancient china, yet it isn’t.” His consciousness calculation speed was shocking, he had some understanding of the mysterious ancient words of china, and the words from this board seemed like them, yet, wasn’t completely like it.

“Babata.” Luo Feng shouted.

“Hm? Found something?” Babata asked.

“Do you recognize these words?” Luo Feng found a complicated character from within, a total of 92 strokes and wrote it in mid air.

“This, this…” Babata was shocked, “This is a word from the Flame god race!”

“Flame god race?” Luo Feng was shocked.

He quickly searched through the memories of the golden horned beast and found some records of the Flame god race.

The flame god race was one of the trillions of races in the vast universe, a powerful race that shouldn’t be messed with.

Even though his inherited memories of it were very few, it strongly warned that they shouldn’t be messed with.

“Babata, how much do you know about the flame god race?” Luo Feng asked.

“When I was with the master, I had never even heard of them.” Babata said, “However, after you became a primal region member, as your assistant, I can definitely help search through the networks…hence…with your authority, I’ve searched up on lots of information and stored them within.”

Luo Feng laughed.

While he was training usually, Babata would be bored and thus study and go through information available.

“Tell me about the flame god race.” Luo Feng asked.

“The races that are able to survive in the trillions of others in the universe are all not to be underestimated.” Babata began to explain, “Of course, humans, bug clans, automaton, demons etc all belong to the pinnacle races. These races stand above the rest and have terrifying power.”

“Like the bug clan, it’s incredibly united, they think as one! And the powerful mother nest is able to create undying soldiers…”

“Endless armies of bugs, any mother nest can easily dominate a star field.”

“The automaton race, everyone of them is a living AI and the higher level they are, the more terrifying! Just their advanced weapons alone can be used to kill undyings…”

“Humanity, everyone of them can be trained and grown to be strong. Plus their numbers are huge…with that, they can produce many geniuses and nurture many absolute warriors that can dominate the universe.” Babata said, “Maybe in terms of one body, they cannot compare to the bug clan pinnacle fighters or the automaton pinnacle warriors, however they have huge powerful numbers!”

“Anyway!”

“The pinnacle races usually have 2 strengths, 1 is powerful force, the 2nd is that they have their own techniques like bug clan, automaton and human techniques.

Other than the pinnacle races, there are others that are small in numbers but still extremely powerful. Hence they have a definite position in the universe. Their position may be high or low!” Babata said, “A few weaker races have long become subservient or already been swallowed. The flame god race…is one of the powerful mysterious races.”

“They are few in numbers, hence the territory they own isn’t big.”

“And because they have many absolute beings, plus their territories isn’t too huge, hence even humans and the bug clans, the other pinnacle races do not wish to mess with them. They cannot bear the losses.”

Luo Feng nodded, from the inherited memories he had.

The races.

Could broadly be separated into pinnacle races, powerful races, normal races and weak races.

Humans belonged to the pinnacle races.

The flame god race belonged to the powerful races.

The golden horned beast race? It was slightly weaker than the flame god race, mainly because its numbers were simply too few.

1 elephant, compared to 1 hundred million ants, there was no doubt the ants were stronger.

“The character you wrote earlier was one of the flame god race.” Babata said, “They have a very ancient history, they probably existed back when the universe was first born, and this black metal board has actually been on earth for about 600 million years, from that, we can understand their history exceeds 600 million years.”


Chapter 633: Nameless

“But how did the Flame god race have such special metal?” Luo Feng thought, “Even in my inherited memories or with my authority, i’m unable to find any such information on this metal in the virtual universe network.”

“Firstly Luo feng, you have to understand that your inherited memories are the work of generations of golden horned beasts willingly passing down their knowledge through the bloodline, hence you can receive it. Some extra mysterious information, they may not leave behind.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Right.

“Secondly, as the flame god race is a strong race, even with their small numbers, they are still a strong race. Then…to them, destroying a universe country is still easy.” Babata said.

“They are , strong and mysterious, with very little contact with the outside world, every race has their own unique things, what do you know about them?” Babata said, “While the words and information in this board is of the Flame god race, it doesn’t mean it’s an item of theirs. After all, there are many beings that actually know the characters and words of the race.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“The easiest method is to first learn the language and then translate it, wouldn’t you know it after?” Babata said.

“Haha…”

Luo Feng laughed and nodded.

The flame god race language had similarities with Chinese, they all used pretty similar characters, and all of the characters in the flame god race ancient language added up to only about 10,000 words! It was similar to chinese, while if all the ancient chinese characters were added up would maybe be quite a lot, in truth, many had been discarded, the ones usually used were only that few thousand.

A few thousand words, forming an entire language and culture.

The characters of the flame god race, with Luo Feng’s consciousness memory, just seeing it once allowed him to completely memorize them.

“What a simple and mysterious language, so close to chinese.” Luo Feng thought as he began to decipher the information within the black metal board.

The details were…

“9 levels”

“The flesh and blood life form is mainly the body and the soul, the 2 are equally important. This manual specializes in remodeling the body, changing the essence of the physical body, causing it to change from within, and evolve… (There were 829 words after)”

“The training is very dangerous, every 1 of the 9 levels, failure will result in the soul and body crumbling, immediate death.”

“The 1st level… (31,231 words after)”

“The 2nd level… (92 words after)”

“The 3rd level… (71 words after)”

…

“The 9th level… (1,292 words after)”

This should be a very mysterious and secret training manual, a total of over 30,000 words, it wasn’t complete though. Even the words within were missing parts, the name had 4 words, only the 2 were legible, the other 2 were unknown.

“Damn.”

“According to the details of the front part, there’s a total of 9 levels in this manual, after translating, the 1st manual is complete, the others aren’t.” Luo Feng held onto the broken black metal board, it was incomplete.

Hence the information within was incomplete too.

However from the looks of it, it held within the front part of the entire manual.

However, just from looking at it alone, Luo Feng was shocked, because it was completely unlike any technique he had ever come across, many techniques used the origin laws and battle techniques! Just like Deities of the world, it only allowed one to change one’s size and condense one’s power.

Luo Feng had never heard…

Of evolving one’s body from within!

“The evolution of the physical body, it can only happen that many times, from student level to star traveller, star traveller to star level, star level to universe level, universe level to domain lord, domain lord to sector lord!” Luo Feng thought, “And only through these breakthroughs will one’s body evolve. And from level 1 to 9, it’s simply strengthening.”

“However, according to this technique.”

“Even after one reaches sector lord pinnacle, as long as they train in this, they can see force their body to evolve further?” Luo Feng found it hard to believe.

Physical evolution! Soul evolution!

These were natural things that happened at the breakthroughs, the theory and physics, Luo Feng didn’t know himself, it was purely the movement of the origin laws of the universe. Just like how the universe had set the rules…The soul’s limit was 1,000 eras, the great limit for the star traveller, star, universe and domain lord level.

The limit of the life span, one of the laws of the universe.

The evolution of the body was also one of the laws.

The highest speed in the universe was light speed, this was one of the laws too.

“This manual actually exceeds the universe laws.” Luo Feng felt his heart skip a beat, he squinted, the words of the manual translating within his mind.

The name of the manual was incomplete, hence he simply left it nameless.

“The nameless manual.”

“Evolving the physical body.”

“Even at domain lord level 9, or sector lord level 9! One can still trigger evolution within the physical body.” Luo Feng thought, “This is unbelievable… Many people train till the sector lord level 9 and their bodies are already at the peak, unable to evolve further. Even the golden horned beast’s deities of the world only condenses the body and strength, it doesn’t cause any actual change to the body.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Genetic change?

Blood river energy!”

“I remember the moment I trigger the blood river energy, the golden horned beast’s genes within its right claw etc will all swiftly change. Just the right claw alone is akin to 10 times the body’s strength.” Luo Feng though, the golden horned beast’s body was huge, the right claw alone would normally not even be a tenth of its full strength.

But with the blood river energy, it was 10 times the entire right claw.

This level of genetic change, how terrifying was it?

…

Outside the window, the sky was shimmering.

Luo Feng cleared his throat as he sat on the balcony, he was filled with a fear he never felt before.

Right.

Fear!

“Even after studying the 9 universe primal chaos tablet, with the time space scribbles…these are all guidance in comprehension of the universe origin laws, and comprehending the laws are within the laws of the universe.” Luo Feng thought, “I’ve never heard of going against the laws, this is simply…”

“The undying beings are all masters of the universe laws, they are unable to evolve their bodies further.”

“If they knew of such a heavenly technique, allowing one to evolve their body after reaching its limits. I’m afraid they would fight madly to come grab it.” Luo Feng squinted, “Hm, of course my position within humanity itself is high, and yet low, I haven’t exactly touched the true upper echelon of humanity!”

Humanity, one of the pinnacle races.

Those absolute beings that stood at the pinnacle of humanity had many resources, many of which already monopolized, like the blood river crystals and the slots for the demon note inheritance etc…

Anyway.

For Luo Feng, this little punk, there were many things he could never acquire.

“I dare say that this manual that triggers evolution in the body past the laws of the universe, is incredible valuable.”

“No matter what, I definitely cannot reveal it.” Luo Feng thought.

This manual.

Would make the universe jealous!

The total of 9 levels, failure in every level would result in the soul and body crumbling into ashes.

Success would mean genetic evolution.

Failure would result in the core itself crumbling.

It was very peculiar and terrifying.

The next day, early in the morning, Luo Feng first went to Shen Nong Jia to look at the mother nest, after which he told his guard team he would be immersed in training, leaving Dylan in charge of the remodeling of earth.

…

Within his family’s secret room, the empty secret room had nothing but a row of weapons.

Luo Feng sat there crossed legged.

“Pa!” Luo Feng threw his blade into the rack of weapons.

He glanced at the blood shadow blade, “Right now my mosha clansman has taken on the form of the blood shadow blade, and the core lies within it…no matter what happens, my life core is within the mosha body. No matter how my earth body trains and even if it’s destroyed, I can still rebuild the body.”

This manual’s technique was terrifying.

However…

Luo Feng happened to be one of the very few in the universe that had no fear for his life.

The training of this manual required the soul ball and genetic energy ball as the 2 cores, releasing spirit energy and genetic energy to permeate constantly throughout every cell in the body, causing the soul and genetic energy ball and the body, the 3 to find balance, before beginning the training to evolve genetically.

The moment he failed.

The 3 would crumble.

Body, genetic and spirit energy, the 3 would turn to ashes.

If it were a normal flesh and blood life form, the moment the genetic and spirit energy balls turn to ashes, that would be death without a doubt!

“However, this genetic and spirit energy crystal balls…aren’t too important to me. They can only be considered as energy.” Luo Feng thought, “If I fail, it’s no big deal, I’ll just have to gather energy to reform the body.”

“Exhale!”

“Inhale!”

Luo Feng took a deep breath and the strong gale resulted in a hurricane within the 10m wide spacious room, finally, he closed his eyes and the 30,000 words of the nameless manual appeared in his mind, then he began the training.

Chi!

Chi!

A whirling spirit energy ball that represented his soul flew straight into his brain’s consciousness position.

A genetic energy crystal ball stayed as his Dantian.

“The 3…”

“As 1!”

Immediately the 2 balls simultaneously shot out 720 energy threads, swiftly piercing through his body’s 720 vital points.

“The body as the universe, rise!”

Rumble!

The 2 balls shook violently and once again shot out 36,000 threads that swiftly entered every part of his body, the blur of energy threads pierced through every side of his body, almost like a brand new channel of energy…allowing the genetic and spirit energy balls to condense like never before.

The 3 formed a perfect balance almost like the revolution of the universe, threads of energy following the 72,000 threads, 1,440 main threads that coursed throughout his body.

Incomparably perfect.


Chapter 634: Energy Preservation

72,000 assisting threads with 1,440 main threads, they weaved through and made the genetic and soul crystal balls merge perfectly with the body, making the entire interior of the body into an internal universe, a normal warrior would undergo normal evolution at the breakthroughs naturally.

This technique’s training manual however let the body imitate an internal universe that pushed the body to evolve at the genetic level.

Every time the genes evolved a little.

It would make the body’s power grow by a huge amount.

Hence, the evolution of the genes had to be extremely slow and cautious, the moment there was a mistake, it would result in the body, soul and genetic energy balls crumbling.

“This, this is simply too shocking.”

The drops of energy followed the threads constantly and permeated his body’s cells, pushing them to evolve from within. The 72,000 supporting threads and the 1,440 main threads formed a perfect universe revolution, pushing each cell to change slowly, though slow, it was ongoing. Ever genes’ evolution caused great change in the body…

“Pi Pa!”

“Pop!” Noises resounded from his bones and muscles throughout. “This is simply too…”

“Too shocking, too wonderful.”

Luo Feng closed his eyes, his face revealed an expression of excitement, it wasn’t because of the evolution of his genes but because of the perfect universe that was formed within.

72k assisting threads and 1440 main threads, the genetic and spirit energy crystal balls along with the body, all these merged together to form a universe within. Luo Feng was purely following the instructions of the manual, he didn’t even understand the wonders within, going word for word from the manual, when he felt this…

He was fascinated!

Incomparably fascinated! Almost as though he saw the most beautiful thing in the world.

…

As time passed.

Luo Feng was completely fascinated by the perfect universe formed within his body, and his genes were being pushed to evolve by this revolving universe.

1 day, 2 days…in the blink of an eye, 20 days had passed.

“Ah!”

Luo Feng suddenly twitched violently.

“Not good! He stared wide eyed, his eyes bloodshot, all his skin and muscles were tearing and his bones breaking, suddenly he became a bloody sight. The perfect universe within his body was also affected by this, it shook without a sound, and suddenly, his entire being crumbled to ashes.

Hu!

His clothes fell on the floor, leaving behind a pile of ash, Luo feng was gone.

Within his internal world.

In mid air of the vast metal continent, powerful gold energy madly gathered and formed around the core, forming a golden round ball, large amounts of gold mist entered and it got stronger and stronger.

Rumble!

The golden ball split apart almost like an egg, a completely naked black haired man floated within, it was his earth body revived.

“The manual was right.” He nodded, “This evolution technique is very dangerous, of the 9 levels, everyone of them can destroy me if i’m not careful. Increasing the safety, one, the body has to be strong enough, two the universe must be constructed more perfectly.

The stronger the body the better, if it were a powerful undying, reaching a level of which he can revive at the cellular level.

Then there would be no danger in this training.

Even if he is reduced to dust he could reform and try again!

Of course, because Luo Feng had his other bodies, he had the same safety effect.

And the universe that was formed within, even though the manual describes how to build it, it only roughly stated so…according to the manual, the closer to perfect the universe was built within, the closer it was to the true wonders of the universe, then even a weaker body wouldn’t have a problem.

“Universe revolution?”

“Unbelievable.”

“Just who created this technique?” Luo Feng’s eyes was filled with disbelief, “Don’t tell me he’s already reached a level of which he exceeds the universe laws?”

The universe was incredibly mysterious.

Just the laws alone, there were many kinds. And the movement of the universe, of which the many laws interweave and revolve, it was akin to many gears working together. Like time, space…they couldn’t be separated, only when they worked together would the framework of the universe space be complete.

Hence to comprehend this entire revolution, was harder than simply comprehending the time or space laws.

“Just what level of being was this, to be able to create a technique that simulates the universe revolution.” Luo feng’s eyes were filled with that of wisdom, almost like when he was studying math in school, Luo Feng could now, through the 72,000 assisting threads and 1,440 main threads, his genetic and spirit energy balls and body…

He could use them all to study the universe!

The space and time laws, gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, light, thunder…these were the universe origin laws, yet they only made up a part of the entire revolution of the universe.

“I cannot even imagine or picture that the universe’s revolution can be simulated through 72,000 assisting threads and 1,440 main threads, his genetic and spirit energy balls and body. Even just the characteristics of it, that alone is unbelievable.” Luo Feng looked up at the space above and felt fascinated.

Completely fascinated!

…

Of course no matter how fascinated he was, that was simply it.

Luo feng had yet to completely comprehend one of the origin laws, yet to become an undying, he didn’t even have the ability to touch the true revolution of the universe.

Sou!

He vanished from the internal world.

Within the secret room.

A nude Luo Feng appeared in mid air, the cloud contact vine that fell on the floor swiftly became clothes that covered his body.

“The earth body and the golden horned beast are both flesh and blood life forms, since the earth body failed, I’ll let the golden horned beast try.” Luo Feng sat crossed legged.

…

In the internal world.

The golden horned beast lay across the vast land like a huge black mountain range.

The golden horned beast was different from humans, firstly, its genetic energy crystal ball was actually the 4 horns on its head! From the moment it’s born, it would constantly put all its genetic energy into its horns. Now, it’s true core and soul was either always with the human body or the mosha body.

However…

The consciousness required a vassal, and only the soul crystal ball had a consciousness.

Hence there’s another soul crystal ball within the golden horned beast’s body, exactly alike to the human body’s soul crystal ball.

Actually…

Whether it was the human body or the crystal ball from the golden horned beast body, it was exactly the same as the soul within the main core. The only difference was…the core and soul were connected to the internal world, the moment the soul crumbled, the internal world would crumble and Luo Feng would really be done for.

And the earth human body, the golden horned beast and the mosha clansman, even if the 3 bodies were destroyed, it didn’t affect the main core.

“I’ll let the golden horned beast try if it can complete it.”

“I hope it doesn’t fail.”

“The human body is only that big, if it fails, I can easily recreate another body and the energy used wouldn’t be that much. However…the golden horned beast is even bigger than a mountain range, the moment it fails, to actually recreate another body, the energy used would be even more than ten thousand times that of the human body.”

The human body was not even 2m tall.

The golden horned beast’s body was 90km long, its tail alone was close to 90km long, its height was taller than the tallest mountain of earth by many times.

Recreating the earth human body was but a simple dish.

To recreate the huge golden horned beast.

The energy used from the internal world, Luo Feng would probably have to delay his breakthrough to the sector lord level by a few years!

In a flash, a month had passed.

Within the secret room.

Luo feng opened his eyes and revealed a smile.

He had been training the nameless manual’s 1st portion this entire month, of course he only had the 1st portion anyway.

His earth body had failed 3 times, however his strength had risen it actually doubled! The golden horned beast had carefully trained cautiously, every time acting according to the earth body’s experience.

It would proceed a little and stop and wait for the human body to gain more experience before continuing.

Even so.

The golden horned beast still died once, its huge body crumbled instantly…however, to Luo Feng’s surprise, as it crumbled, the large amounts of ash that was formed actually merged together to form a brand new golden horned beast body. Meaning, those ashes…had the same amount of energy as the entire beast.

“Energy preservation?” Luo Feng was excited then.

Right.

Whether the golden horned beast was destroyed or revived, it was all within its internal world, energy preservation wouldn’t be a weird thing.

“The genes of the golden horned beast is much stronger than the earth humans. This evolution…is obviously harder. This month, the beast’s body has increased by about half, its improvement isn’t as fast as the earth human body.” Luo Feng muttered, smiling.

Right, its improvement wasn’t as fast as the earth human body.

However…the golden horned beast was already extremely terrifying and powerful, raising its strength another 50%, that was shocking.

“Sou!” Luo Feng got up and opened the door of the room.

Walking in the pathway, he asked, “Babata.”

“Luo Feng, what’s up?”

“The virtual universe company sent 29 technical staff, my Luo family also arranged for over 10 million universe workers to carry out the large scale construction, remodeling the earth. I had you supervise the entire process, there hasn’t been any incidents right.” Luo Feng asked, right now the earth’s remodeling was already in its later stages, naturally the virtual universe company’s technology was very advanced, hence the process was also fast.

“Of course there haven’t been any incidents, I placed over 10 million robots even smaller than mosquitoes on those workers as surveillance, the moment they discover any material similar to the black metal board, they would immediately report.” Babata answered.

“How’s it going, has there been a 2nd piece?” Luo Feng asked.

While he was immersed in training, he had ordered.

Very obviously, the piece he had was incomplete, at least it had the full 1st portion in the manual, the 8 other levels behind were incomplete.

“Nothing.” Babata answered.

“Let’s do this, we’ll build search robots on a large scale.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, this manual…is an invaluable treasure, from Luo feng’s perspective, it was probably worth more than all his treasures combined, “If you have no time to build them, just order them, order a large amount of little search robots and excavate the entire earth.”

“Understood.” Babata was very excited.


Chapter 635: 50 Years on Earth

Luo Feng didn’t expect to be able to find on his home planet of earth this valuable black metal board, however from his deduction, he had only acquired a small part of it, there would very likely be other parts on earth. With his order, they swiftly ordered…

A trillion little searching robots that were sent directly to a mineral planet close to earth in the void district where the exchange took place.

After which, Luo Feng’s ship brought the large amount of search robots back to earth.

The method to go through universe transfer from the dark universe to earth’s coordinates covered by the space technique, that was an absolute secret belonging only to the Luo family.

As Babata controlled the countless little robots that plunged deep into the many continents, oceans, etc, beginning their search…

Within the dark universe.

Sou!

A black beam of light swiftly flew through the silent dark universe, its speed exceeded light speed, suddenly, it began to slow down… very quickly, one could visibly see that this was a human shape being, he, engulfed in an ancient purple armor, with only his eyes visible under his helmet.

A body flying through the dark universe?

This was the mark of an undying.

Of course within the universe, some powerful sector lords from the stronger races could go through universe travel too, but these were rare.

“Using space technique to hide the coordinates?” A hoarse voice resounded in the dark universe.

“Hmph.”

“This is very average, I can easily break it. However…since I don’t want to let the virtual universe company discover any traces, I cannot just break it, then, to go through universe travel…that would take some time!” The purple armored warrior flew slowly, his eyes coldly gazing about, the surrounding 10,000 li of space shook with his gaze.

The space warped and changed.

The purple armored warrior became a blur too, simultaneously he kept changing his position.

After about half an hour.

The purple armored warrior that was constantly moving about suddenly stopped, at the same time, the dark universe sent him out into the actual universe.

…

A large sun like star, around it other planets revolved.

This was the solar system.

The beautiful quiet solar system space, the purple armored man appeared from nowhere.

“The mission has been completed, I cannot delay.” The purple armored god gazed at the distant sky blue planet, “Hm, that should be the earth in the report, the home of the absolute genius Luo Feng? Hmph…very quickly, another genius of humanity will fall.”

He waved and a grey universe ship that had a diameter of 120m appeared.

“Sou!” The purple armored god instantly became a black light and quickly accelerated to light speed with his body, vanishing from the actual universe, leaving behind that disc shaped grey universe ship.

The ship’s Ai spoke…

“Universe marker confirmed!”

“We’ve arrived at the destination!”

“13th team, begin scout plan!”

Sou!

The grey disc shape ship flew towards earth.

“Captain, who sent us directly here? Which undying, I haven’t even seen an undying in the organization.”

“Shut up, these are things even I don’t have the right to know.”

The 13th team members discussed within the ship, arriving at earth.

…

3 days later.

In the underground secret base of the seemingly mundane life planet Walo.

“Captain, the earth team has sent a report.”

“No.9 has as report.”

The black uniformed bald 3 eyed man revealed a smile.

“After 402 levels of translation along with the characters from that universe coordinate, the details of the report are, “Superior Captain, it’s as our worst expected situation, earth has already been completely remodeled. Our 13th team has no way of getting close to Luo Feng or assassinating him.” The silver uniformed man said respectfully.

“The humans have always protected their geniuses well.” The black uniformed bald 3 eyed man smiled.

He had never planned on assassinating him now.

What’s more…

Killing any one of the absolute geniuses of the 1,008 universe countries would always result in a huge cavity, the virtual universe company would definitely begin a huge search and investigation, sweep etc.

“Pass the order.” The black uniformed man spoke.

The silver uniformed man immediately listened intently.

“According to the order before, invade the earth and search all information with regards to Luo Feng, there’s currently no time limit on this.” The black uniformed man said.

“Yes.”

With the arrangement of the mysterious organization, the 13th group invaded earth, Luo Feng didn’t even detect them.

…

Luo Feng continued with his training.

1 was studying that nameless manual, of course more of his energy was still spent on time space scribbles and the 9 universe tablet along with the claw techniques, according to his plan, the time he’s placed outside as a domain lord, he would mostly remain on earth. Unless the virtual universe company arranged for special missions.

In the silence, years passed by.

In the blink of an eye…

Luo Feng had returned back to earth for over 50 years already.

…

Earth, asia continent, Yang zhou city, Luo family.

“Your great highness, Luo Feng, your position as the Ganwu department’s supervisor envoy from the virtual universe company, over these 50 years, you’ve done some great work.” A white robed bald man smiled happily and said, “Why don’t you tell the great stories so we peasants who’ve never seen anything can hear about them?”

“2nd brother, the moment you get back to earth you tease me. Come, sit.” Luo Feng smiled and shouted.

“Haha…” Thunder god laughed and sat.

Luo Feng chatted with his 2nd brother and exclaimed over the past 50 years.

It had been very peaceful the past 50 years he was back.

With his status as the supervisor envoy, he would frequently go to the virtual universe network, to amethyst island and carefully supervise the activities of the ganwu department…from which, he did find certain wrongodings. However, against the passionate 3 tycoons, he was very lenient and let certain things slide.

These 50 years…

His origin law improvement had been slower.

The universe laws, they got harder towards the back, and it wasn’t a linear kind of increase!

The 9 universe primal chaos tablet’s raindrop picture, drizzle, thunderstorm picture, each picture was much harder than before. The drizzle picture’s 36 wonders of the space laws, he had completely comprehended, however the thunderstorm’s even more profound 72 rain drops, even though he had some comprehension, he hadn’t even completed one of the wonders.

According to the book’s description and his own projection.

The hardest 72 wonders of the space law, the time spent would probably be a hundred times or even more than the amount of time used on the previous 36.

Back then Lian Luo also spent 3,000 years studying in primal chaos city before he finished all of them, it could only be imagined how profound it was.

Comprehending the space laws, compared to comprehending the wonders of the space laws were of a different level altogether.

However…

He was different from Lian Luo!

First, he had the 3 bodies to work on comprehension, especially with the golden horned beast with the blood river world energy to amplify the origin laws, raising his comprehension and melding by a total of 10 times. The mosha clansman, as a favored child of space, it’s comprehension in the space law was terrifying too! With the 2 combined…

He was definitely one of the most terrifying humans in the history of humanity.

“When I hit sector lord level, my comprehension speed will explode, with the golden horned beast and the mosha clansman, and their strengths…

“Lian Luo needed a total of 3,000 years even in primal chaos city…”

“I won’t even need 3,000 years in the actual universe.”

Luo Feng was very confident.

The advantage of primal chaos city was one had the chance to go see the 9 universe tablet, and the universe laws revolving about.

And he had something close to that effect, the beast god statue and the time space scribbles, even though he was not in primal chaos city, it wasn’t too much lousier.

“A pity!”

“A pity I haven’t been able to find the 2nd black metal board.” Luo Feng was dissatisfied within.

Over these 50 years, his origin law comprehension had improved quite a bit, but that was within his expectations.

And training that nameless manual, his earth body had completed the 1st level in just 3 months, the golden horned beast took a total of 29 years before it finished! The moment this 1st level was completed, his genes made his body evolve in and strengthen by 3 times!

Even with the golden horned beast’s strengthen ability, it only raised it by 2 times!

The 1st level of this nameless manual was already this powerful, simply unbelievable.

“A pity, there aren’t any others.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“Hm.”

“However, I cannot be too greedy, being able to find this 1st level of the nameless manual alone is already not bad.” Luo Feng thought while he chatted with his 2nd brother thunder god.

Suddenly…

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng!”

Babata’s voice resounded in his mind, “There’s a mail!”

“Mail?” Luo Feng swiftly sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network.

…

Yu Xiang mountain primal region, Luo feng’s study in his villa.

He sat before the desk with the fist size Babata on his shoulder, the 2 stared at the laptop screen.

There were a lot of details in the mail.

However, it all simply said one thing.

“Hahaha, 50 years, the virtual universe company has finally sent a mission.” Babata cheered excitedly.

“Yes, finally there’s a mission, the points are quite high, according to the percentage of completion, the highest amount I can acquire is 200,000 points.” Luo feng smiled at the details of the mail, as the supervisor envoy, his 1st job was to supervise the ganwu department, finishing that would give him 100,000 points.

Of course…many primal region members that reach the domain lord level would stay there for tens of thousands of years.

Simply getting 100,000 points for tens of thousands of years, that was impossible.

Hence, on the day he took up this position, it was clearly stated that there would be some special missions for him to do, every one would have points for him to earn.

Universe level, they could choose their own missions.

Domain lord level, they could only wait patiently for the virtual universe company to give them the missions.

He had waited for 50 years; finally there was a mission to do!

“Time to massacre.” Luo Feng stared at the details, “It’s really hard to hit 100% of this mission, and the strongest warrior I need to kill is actually an official level undying.”

“100% Completion, over a hundred million points.” Babata muttered, “The virtual universe company sure is vicious.”


Chapter 636: The 9th Army

“When it involves war with the other races, it isn’t strange the virtual universe company is ruthless in its methods.” Luo Feng looked at the details on the screen.

This was the issue: Through the detailed investigation of the virtual universe company, it confirmed that the Dream underworld empire of the Ganwu universe country’s royal family, the Yao Hai family’s head ancestor Yao Hai and his disciple Jeffrey, the 2 undyings had their souls invaded and controlled by the bug clan’s warriors. Right now, the 2 undyings had already become henchmen for the bug clan.

The entire Yao Hai family was being used by the bug clan, over 3.22 million years, they secretly invaded. As the Yao Hai family became traitors in the wars, there were huge losses for humanity.

Mission targets: Yao Hai family’s suspects, under him the 18 organizations of elites that were being controlled secretly, a total of 1.2 hundred million people, along with the undyings Yao Hai and Jeffrey, kill all of them!

The targets’ strengths in detail”

1, Yao Hao and Jeffrey are normal undyings of the Ganwu universe country, after acquiring the bug clan’s soul manuals, their powers grew greatly, Yao Hai now has the strength of an official level undying and Jeffrey has the power of a higher level general.

2, The normal 1.2 hundred million members, a total of 39 sector lords, 812 domain lords, 91,256 universe levels, the number of star traveller and star levels aren’t confirmed.

Mission objectives:

1, Kill Yao Hai (Official level undying), completion will increase points by 20%, failure would result in a deduction of 20%.

2, Kill Jeffrey (Upper undying general), completion will increase points by 10%, failure would result in a deduction of 10%.

3, Kill all 1.2 hundred million, Completion will increase points by 15%, if even one survives, the mission is a failure, no penalty on failure.

4, Personally kill target Gesili (Sector lord level 1), completion will increase points by 10%, no penalty on failure.

Personally kill target Biao Ai Fu (Sector lord level 1), completion will increase points by 10%, no penalty on failure.

Personally kill target Tan Bulin (Sector lord level 2), completion will increase points by 15%, no penalty on failure.

Personally kill target Biao Lei De (Sector lord level 3), completion will increase points by 20%, no penalty on failure.

Resources you can use:

1 Ganwu universe country’s 9th army (Collective army)

2 Golden horn race Pagoda squadron

3 Virtual universe company’s information system

Mission time limit: 1 year (Any mission not completed within the time frame will be deemed a failure)

Mission rewards: Total completion at 200,000 points, final points awarded.

Person accepting mission: Luo Feng

“What a long introduction.” Luo feng sat at his desk and looked at the laptop screen, smiling, “The virtual universe never really let me do things personally, if they wanted me to personally kill an official level undying, I might as well give up immediately.”

“The Golden horn race Pagoda squadron?” Babata stared at the screen from Luo Feng’s shoulder.

The details of the mission were very long.

Except for the most basic parts, there were still introductions of the 9th army along with the golden horned race pagoda squadron!

“I need to kill 1.2 hundred million people this time, I definitely cannot do it myself, it would be even harder to not miss anybody.” Luo Feng said seriously, “Allowing the 9th army in will be nice, and against the 2 undying, defeating them would be easy, killing them however would be extremely difficult. I’ll need the pagoda squadron to do that.”

The 9th army was very strong.

The pagoda squadron was an even more pinnacle force of undyings.

“I cannot delay, I’ll prepare to head out today towards the Dream underworld empire’s Red Dawn planet to meet the golden horn race people.” Luo Feng emphasized.

…

That day, Luo Feng informed his wife and children, along with his parents and brother before secretly leaving with the undying Dylan and 5 sector lords in the Yun Mo planet ship, leaving earth.

The Yun Mo planet ship swiftly flew through the dark universe at 50 times light speed.

Within the control room.

Luo Feng and Dylan sat within.

“Dylan, with your experience, how can I get the highest amount of points in this mission, the best is to get 100%.” Luo Feng looked at the black robed bald Dylan, in terms of experience and perspective; he paled in comparison to Dylan, and he didn’t dare delay his first mission.

“Of the 4 parts of this mission, “Dylan emphasized, “The most troublesome is killing the 1.2 hundred million targets, with so many targets after all, the moment you make a move, it would result in the groups of targets madly fleeing, and with 1.2 hundred million fleeing madly in the universe, killing all of them cleanly is truly not realistic at all.”

Luo feng nodded.

In the vast universe.

Hiding in random corners would make them hard to locate.

“Hence, of the 4 missions, we have to be extremely careful about killing the 1.2 hundred million targets.” Dylan said, “If we don’t make a move, everybody must not move, the moment we do, we have to be like lightning, slaughtering all 1.2 hundred million in a short amount of time.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

“And killing the 2 undyings Yao hai and Jeffrey comes with danger as well.” Dylan frowned, his gaze cold, “Any undying is extremely hard to kill, much less an official level undying, and the moment any information is leaked and anyone of them flees, teleporting through their god countries, they can instantly travel to a faraway place in the universe, it’ll be impossible to find them.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

They couldn’t be careless about this.

“Of the 4 missions, killing Yao Hai, Jeffrey, failure would result in deductions.” Dylan emphasized, “Failure would not only mean no completion, it would even result in lesser points overall.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

If he had completed the other 2 missions.

Consecutively personally killing the 4 sector lords and got 55% completion, along with slaughtering the 1.2 hundred million targets completely and acquiring the 15% addition. However the moment he didn’t kill the 2 undyings…that would mean a 30% deduction of his completion…leaving behind only 40% done at the end.

“Finally, the personally killing missions.” Dylan smiled, “Actually, these 4 sector lords are not important to the virtual universe company, but their strength will give you a good chance to test your strength and abilities.”

Luo Feng nodded.

4 sector lords, 2 sector lord level 1, 1 level 2 and the last one level 3.

Allowing a domain lord level 9 to go kill these sector lords, only the virtual universe company would arrange for something like that.

“And the completion rate for these killings are pretty high, killing all 4 would give you 55%. Even higher than killing the 2 undyings.” Dylan laughed.

Whether it was Luo Feng or Dylan.

Towards the virtual universe company’s request of slaughtering the 1.2 hundred million, they were only taken aback but had no sense of unfairness or dissatisfaction.

Because Luo Feng and Dylan, one had inherited memories, another was a powerful being that had lived for a long time, hence the 2 were clear on just how brutal the race wars were in the vast universe! Even a few of those other stronger races, having been exposed or revealed in humanity’s regions, with no way to escape, they would go on a mad massacre, that alone could result in trillions of humans dying!

Hence!

The moment it was judged that one was a traitor of humanity, doing things for the other races, they would be sentenced to death immediately!

“Your majesty, from here to Red dawn planet, with the Yun mo planet ship’s speed, it’ll take 16 days.” Dylan smiled, “Your majesty should go rest.”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng nodded and returned to his resting quarters.

As he returned, he sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network and entered amethyst island.

Virtual universe, amethyst island.

This incredibly beautiful island that was made completely of amethyst was the ganwu department’s office.

“Envoy.”

“Envoy.”

As Luo Feng walked within the majestic main palace, the domain lords, sector lords and undyings that saw him all bowed respectfully. After a while…he arrived at a reception hall.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng, hurry over.” Purple lightning official shouted passionately, “The 9th army leader has been here awhile already.”

“Ah?”

Luo Feng smiled at purple lightning official and walked together to the hall.

Within the spacious hall, there was a completely black stone table, around it were huge thrones, there were currently 3 sitting in the thrones, they were…Gold feather official, Black Yan official and a tall and skinny man completely covered in green armor.

This tall and skinny man was about 8m tall, his skin was steel color, his gaze cold and his lips purple. Even as he sat there, he gave off a terrifying energy, almost as though he was made completely of endless lightning, no one could get close.

And behind him stood a blur of undyings, with a glance, there was at least a 100.

“9th army leader?” Luo Feng smiled and walked over.

“Envoy.” The tall and skinny man got down from the throne and smiled as he walked over.

The 2 exchanged glances and smiled at each other.

“According to the virtual universe company’s order, our million soldiers of the Ganwu universe country’s 9th army will be under your command.” The tall and skinny man said seriously, his voice like 2 pieces of steel clanging against each other.

“There’s no subservience, we are all fighting for virtual universe company and humanity.” Luo Feng smiled.

The tall and skinny man couldn’t help but smile wider as he heard this.

Afterall, he was an official level undying and the leader of the 9th army, his position was extremely high, hence when he heard he would be under a domain lord level 9 punk, he was somewhat unhappy within. However after hearing Luo Feng’s words, it kept the respect he deserved as an official level undying with great status.

“Luo Feng.” The black robed lady smiled, “Let me give you a simple introduction of the 9th army.”

Luo Feng listened intently.

“The 9th army is also named the 9th collective army, it is formed with 100 groups.” The black robed lady said, “Every group has 1 undying, 100 sector lords, 1,000 domain lords and 10,000 universe levels. The entire 9th army has over 1 million soldiers.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Every army that headed to the wars outside had at least 10,000 people.

And Luo Feng’s guard team was made up of 1 undying, 10 sector lords, 100 domain lords and 1,000 universe levels, it was only a tenth of a normal army. It was mostly only a guard team…but extremely important! Hence the sector lords within the team were all sector lord pinnacle and all recognized by the origin laws.

And the normal armies that went to wars weren’t so extravagant. An army with 100 sector lords, there would probably only be a few at pinnacle level and recognized by the laws.


Chapter 637: The Gold Horn Race

The army of the Ganwu universe was formed from 100 groups, the soldiers ranged over a hundred million!

In truth, such a big army, to the universe country wasn’t too big a problem at all, firstly, the ganwu universe country alone had over a hundred million galaxies, even if it grew naturally, one galaxy was able to produce one universe level! What’s more…sector lords, domain lords were plenty, the Ganwu dojo was spread throughout the country.

With guidance, the universe levels of the ganwu universe country would on average grow to over 10 a galaxy, adding up to more than 1 billion!

With that.

Over a hundred million universe level warriors was indeed not too heavy and the universe country had enough new blood to constantly replenish these numbers.

“Luo feng, the 9th army leader is from our virtual universe company, he’s also one of our core members.” The black robed lady introduced.

“I’m afraid I’ll be troubling you for awhile, leader.” Luo Feng smiled.

“No problem.” The tall and skinny man looked at the black robed lady, “I am also under the army department of the Ganwu department…if the envoy has any problems, just give the order, there’s no trouble.”

Luo Feng glanced at the group of undyings behind this tall and skinny man.

The tall and skinny man saw that and said seriously, “These are the 100 captains of my 9th army, some come from the virtual universe company and others from the ganwu universe country.”

Luo Feng nodded.

According to the details of the mail, the ganwu universe country army had over 10,000 undyings as captains, and these undyings, half of them are from the virtual universe company and the other half from the Ganwu universe country, they were mixed evenly within the army.

It guaranteed the army wouldn’t be monopolized.

What’s more…

The Ganwu universe country didn’t dare mess with the virtual universe company either.

“Envoy, what do you require our 9th army to do this mission?” The tall and skinny man looked at Luo Feng.

“No rush, I’ll send the details of the mission to you very soon.” Luo Feng said.

“Hahaha…then I’ll await your order.” The man smiled.

Before this meeting, the 9th army had no knowledge at all about the mission.

The mission had to be kept completely secret.

According to Luo Feng’s plan…even during the final movement, he couldn’t tell the 9th army of all the plans.

The 9th army was after all only a resource he could use, a pawn.

As time passed, Luo Feng used the virtual universe network and the company’s information system to confirm all details on the 1.2 hundred million that he had to kill. After which he swiftly made a battle plan…

Passing the information of the 1.2 hundred million and where they were to the leader of the 9th army.

The moment the order was given, they had to head down and catch all of them!

They needed to do it so that none were left!

Complete massacre!

…

“The next step, was to contact the golden horn race pagoda squadron.” Luo Feng sat in the primal region of the virtual universe’s Yu Xiang mountain, within his own study, he saw the large amount of information on his laptop screen, this was all information regarding the squadron.

“Gold horn clan, so similar to the golden horned beast’s name.” Luo Feng smiled.

Babata clicked his lips, “The golden horned beast is one of the space beasts of the blood and flesh life forms. This gold horn race…doesn’t even belong to the flesh and blood life form.”

There were many different divisions of life forms in the universe, the flesh and blood, metal, AI, energy, plant, stone…

Even if some belonged to the same group, their looks and body structure etc would still have huge differences.

Like the stone life forms, some of them looked just like stones, some like mountains, some like huge stones, while some have almost no hint of stone on the surface, from a quick glance they may even look human, some look like other flesh and blood beasts, only the structure of their body within was different.

“What a peculiar race.” Luo Feng looked at the detailed explanation, shocked, “The gold horn race, belong to one of the stone life forms, they look similar to the Pola race of humans, from the surface, you can’t even see the difference

“In truth, they eat mud, rubber, even their defecation comes out as crystal.” Babata said with disdain, “Even if you cut open their bodies, it’s like cutting open some alloys, there won’t be any trace of blood, much less the internal organs, that’s because they don’t need to breathe.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“The gold horn race belongs to a normal level race of the trillions of races in the universe.” Babata said with disdain, “They are simply too weak, and with a huge population, hence they require a larger territory. After not being able to make it on their own in the universe, they relied on humanity and became a subservient race of humanity, one of the pinnacle races.”

The universe races could be differentiated into the pinnacle races, powerful races, normal races and weak races.

The flame god race before belonged to the powerful races.

The gold horn race was only a normal race.

“Not weak at all, they have many tribes within the race, any team sent out by them already has an emperor level undying and 7 official level undyings.” Luo Feng exclaimed, “If one tribe is so powerful, the entire race must be terrifying.”

“When I say weak, it’s compared to humanity!” Babata snapped, “You must understand that no matter what, that is still an entire race!”

“Even the weak races in the universe cannot be underestimated, otherwise they wouldn’t even be able to survive in the universe. They would have long been swallowed up by the other powerful races.” Babata said, “This gold horn race, from what I estimate… there’s at least a hundred emperor level undyings, they probably have about 2 to 3 universe country level warriors. Dominating the Ganwu universe country wouldn’t be a problem!”

Luo Feng nodded.

From the information they had, the gold horn race would indeed find it easy to dominate the ganwu universe country.

However…

Humanity’s pinnacle strength, was in truth gathered in the 5 powers. Just the strength of the virtual universe company alone…like those in the primal universe! They could easily destroy blood river world! Easily creating an entire space! Humanity’s strength was indeed deep and unfathomable.

“Of course, they are subservient to humanity.” Babata said, “Leave the dirty and dangerous work to them! The good things, we leave to ourselves.”

Luo Feng smiled, shocked within.

Surviving in the universe was indeed not easy, with their strength, the gold horn race could only be subservient to humanity, selling their lives to humanity, acquiring the resources they need to develop.

“They are considered not bad, some weaker races can’t even become subservient to humanity.” Babata said with disdain, “They are immediately caught and sold as slaves.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He thought of something…

He himself, should become a pillar of support to humanity of the universe! Allowing the countless humans in the 1,008 universe countries to lead peaceful lives within humanity’s territories.

…

When the Yun Mo planet ship was still in the dark universe heading towards Red dawn planet, a powerful little team had already reached there.

Red dawn planet, a very normal life planet, within one of the stations of the virtual universe company.

Within a luxurious completely gold palace.

9 warriors were scattered within, their skin was green and their forehead had gold markings, the dishes laid out before them all had chemical compounds or gold materials.

“Ka cha ka cha.” One of the gold armored youths lifted the gold metal and gulped it down, complimenting, “The flavor is good, the flavor in this alloy is exquisite.”

“Everybody please look at the information.” An old voice resounded. Sitting the highest, was an old being completely covered in gold armor, revealing only a pair of old eyes, “This is the leader of the humans they’ve assigned to us, it’s also the person we have to take orders from. Kashna, you can eat later! First look at the information.”

“Yes, teacher.” The armored youth nodded.

The other 7 undyings all looked at the projected screen and its details.

“Luo Feng?” The armored youth muttered, “A youth from the aboriginal planet earth, participated in the virtual universe company genius competition at star level, shocking power, finally making it into the top 10 amidst countless absolute geniuses, entering the absolute beginning region. Hai, Teacher, this punk is quite powerful.”

“Continue reading!”

The old man ordered.

“Ah.” The armored youth obediently continued.

“Wa!”

His stared wide eyed, “He actually made it into the primal region during his 1st qualification battles, an absolute genius of 10,000 eras? Hm, Supervisor envoy, hehe, he’s been an envoy for 50 years without any news.”

“Everybody has seen.”

The old man gazed about, finally stopping at the youth, “Kashna, we brought you here on orders of the leader, however you are only a sector lord in strength, so listen obediently and don’t give us any trouble, understand?”

“Understood, teacher.” The armored youth nodded, however his eyes began to wander about after that.

The old man didn’t look at him anymore, instead he said loudly, “From the information we have, this isn’t a normal primal region genius, his improvement speed is very shocking. Even amongst the sector lord geniuses in the primal region in the virtual universe company, his potential is amongst the top few!”

“Hm.” The 7 undyings of the pagoda squadron nodded.

“According to the race internal rules, such an absolute genius will eventually have the chance to become the upper echelon of humanity, we have to be on good terms with him.” The gold armored old man said, his voice gradually getting more serious, like blades clashing, “This mission is our best chance to get on good terms with this Luo Feng, for our gold horn race to survive, we have to mix with the upper echelon of humanity, and their future upper echelon. Everything, for the race!”

“Everything, for the race!” The 7 undyings, including the armored youth all said simultaneously.

“Enjoy the spread.” The gold armored old man said.

The elite members of the pagoda squadron all began to enjoy the alloy and special chemical compounds the virtual universe company had specially ordered for them, laughing happily.


Chapter 638: Pillow Treatment

Days passed.

The space outside Red dawn planet was peaceful, suddenly the space rippled and a blood colored triangular ship appeared.

“Your majesty, that is red dawn planet ahead.” Within the control room, Dylan pointed ahead.

Luo Feng stood there.

Beside him stood his 5 sector lord guards.

“Hm.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded, “Let’s go meet the undyings of the gold horn squadron.

Sou!

The Yun mo planet ship swiftly rushed into the atmosphere of red dawn planet, activating its cloaking system, making itself invisible to the planet’s security systems and the people of the planet. Not long after, it had already landed within the virtual universe company’s station there.

Within the spacious villa.

9 gold horn race members stood there and looked at the blood colored triangular ship.

“This…is an f grade ship! The armored youth’s eyes gleamed, he was so excited his green skin glowed with hints of silver light, “And it should be hybrid copper essence material completely, such a ship, the amount of resources spent on this, this is Luo Feng, a true wealthy leader!”

“Hm!” The 7 official level undyings of the gold horn pagoda squadron all looked on with anticipation.

Only the gold armored old man smiled at everything, at this time, he wasn’t wearing his helmet.

“Work hard, when you have the strength of an emperor level undying, the race will help you get a f grade ship too.” The old man looked at the 7 official level undyings and said.

As a subservient race.

The resources they got were naturally far from that of humanity’s.

Humanity, almost all official level undyings had their own f grade ships, as for the emperor levels…millions of mixed elements meant little to them.

It was different for the gold horn race.

Within their race, those with emperor level undying power could only then acquire one f grade ship, as for the official level undyings? Only few had such honor and glory.

“Hua!”

The cabin door opened.

Under the supervision of the 9 gold horn clansmen, a black haired youth in silver armor led his black robed undying guard and 5 sector lord guards, flying out of the ship. After which, the huge Yun mo planet ship vanished from sight.

“Gold horn race’s pagoda squadron elder, Si Fan Qi and his team welcomes your majesty envoy Luo Feng.” The gold armored old man nodded at Luo Feng, the gold marking on his forehead flashed as the 8 behind all bowed, their gold markings flashing too.

“Elder Si Fan Qi, no need for such courtesy.” Luo Feng smiled and walked over, his gaze sweeping over the 8 others, frowning, “Elder, why is there an extra person?”

“Your majesty Luo Feng.”

The gold armored elder smiled, pointing at the intrepid armored youth, “This is my team’s Kashna, from birth till now, it’s already been over 100,000 years, yet he’s never left home. He followed our team out to see the universe and gain more experience, please forgive us for this intrusion.”

Luo Feng nodded and smiled and looked at the armored youth, “Kashna, very nice to meet you.”

The armored youth was filled with excitement, his green skin glowed with silver light as he said, “Your majesty Luo Feng, I’m very excited and happy to meet you, thank you, thank you.”

Luo Feng discovered immediately that this armored youth was somewhat silly in the way he spoke.

Not strange.

The flesh and blood life forms of the universe, were one of the strongest life forms amongst the others. Mostly because their intellect was very high. Like the plant life forms, even a sector lord level plant…wouldn’t be able to compare to a normal human’s mental calculation abilities.

The gold horn race, as a stone life form, they are naturally not as smart, of course at domain lord and sector lord, their intellect wouldn’t be lower than a normal human.

They just needed to learn some commonly used human universe languages and speak more, then they wouldn’t seem so silly.

“Your majesty Luo feng, let’s head in and discuss the details of the mission.” The gold armored old man said.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng nodded, they walked side by side into the hall, Dylan and the other 7 official level undyings all walked beside each other and entered.

…

Within the hall.

Luo Feng sat down alongside the other undyings, looking at the gold horn race people before him, they all looked close to human, only on careful observation would one realize…they had differences. Like their voices, it was like metal knocking against each other.

“According to the mission the virtual universe company sent us, we have to deal with 2 undyings this time, 1 official level called Yao Hao and another upper level general called Jeffrey.” The gold armored old man smiled, “Our internal department has already discussed it, we will send 3 official level undyings to deal with the official level Yao Hai. And another 4 official levels to deal with that upper level general Jeffrey, we definitely won’t let them escape, we definitely will succeed in killing them!”

Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

The arrangement of the virtual universe company was not bad, after all, the team even had one emperor level undying.

Actually, there was no other way.

Defeating an undying was easy, killing them was troublesome, most of the time, they could only seal the undying or put them in a comatose state. And truly killing an undying…was tens to hundreds of times harder than defeating them! This was also why they had to send such a huge team.

“Elder Si Fan Qi’s arrangement, I have no objections.” Luo Feng smiled at the 9 members of the squadron before him, “If the 2 undying targets are in 2 separate locations, we’ll follow this plan. If something else occurs, we’ll have to adapt.”

“Hm.” The gold armored old man nodded.

“There is one thing I have to say clearly, “Luo Feng looked at the 9 before him, “The entire process of the mission, I require all of you to completely listen to my orders, there will be no individual movement.”

“We understand this, the mission is the most important.” The old man nodded.

“Very well!”

Luo Feng nodded, “Then, we’ll leave now.”

“Leave now?” The armored youth asked.

This immediately made the gold armored old man and the other 7 official level undyings look over at him, scaring the youth as he forced a laugh.

“From what I see, your clansman Kashna would be best by my side.” Luo Feng smiled, “I don’t wish to have any slip ups later.”

“I want to follow my teacher.” The armored youth said.

“No problem your majesty Luo Feng.” The gold armored old man replied, staring coldly at the youth, causing him to lower his head and listen obediently.

Immediately, Luo Feng and the group split into 2 universe ships and left Red Dawn planet, heading towards the capital planet of Dream underworld empire.

The yun mo planet ship and the gold horn race’s pagoda squadron’s ship proceeded together.

Luo Feng sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network, arriving in his own villa in the primal region.

“I need the accurate report of the targets Yao Hai and Jefrrey’s current location.” Luo Feng sat before his desk, his expression serious and he looked at the screen, on it there was an incredibly beautiful jade haired lady.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, Jeffrey is currently in the capital planet, however Yao Hai…hasn’t appeared all this while, we suspect he is in his god country.” The jade haired lady said respectfully.

“Rubbish!”

Luo Feng immediately roared, “If he’s in his god country, how can we kill him? We cannot find his god country, and he can use it to teleport to an incredibly far location. I don’t need a reason now, I only need results! I want you to give me an accurate coordinate and location, simultaneously guaranteeing Yao Hai is on that planet.”

The jade haired lady felt cold sweat drip down.

“I know your information system works on a huge scale and has many responsibilities, doing many things at the same time. However my mission right now is incredibly important too, if there’s no result.” Luo Feng ordered, “I would have to reflect your incompetence to the headquarters and personally deal with matters myself. 3 days, these last 3 days, you have to give me an accurate answer.”

“Yes! Your majesty!” The jade haired lady said respectfully, not daring to look up.

After which the line was shut.

Luo Feng sat before his desk, fuming.

“Don’t be angry, this is very normal, the virtual universe is such a huge power, its information system is huge too, simultaneously dealing with matters of the 1,008 universe countries, doing reports on the other races, assassinations, espionage, they are constantly at max output. Your matter is probably low on their priority, hence they wouldn’t spend too much energy on it.” Babata muttered.

“I know.” Luo Feng said indifferently.

The time limit of the mission was a year.

The information system department of the company naturally knew of this limit, hence they wouldn’t be too anxious at the beginning, they could easily gather the detailed information on the 1.2 hundred million people, however, as for the undying hiding in his god country, they had no way to check, and they were too lazy to spend too much energy on it.

They only had to give the accurate location within the time limit and they wouldn’t lose their jobs.

As for whether Luo Feng could complete it, they couldn’t be bothered.

“With the virtual universe company’s information system ability, if they can’t find Yao Hai, then they can simply lure him out no?” Luo Feng smiled coldly, “Have a random huge undying gathering and send mass invitations, also sending it to Yao Hai! Wouldn’t he show himself! There are many ways! It’s only they are reluctant to do it.”

…

3 days later.

Luo Feng was in the Yun Mo planet ship along with the gold horn race pagoda squadron ship, even the 9th army’s 30 huge interstellar battleships, they all stopped about 1,200 light years away from the capital planet of Dream underworld empire, on a mineral planet. The moment the chance arises, they would swiftly go through universe transfer, not even taking an hour, landing on the capital planet!

The 9th army’s 30 interstellar battleships, were only 30 groups.

1 official level undying, 30 undying generals, 3,000 sector lords, 30,000 domain lords and 300,000 universe level soldiers.

So many were required because of the 1.2 hundred million targets, with close to 30 million on the capital planet, of which many were important figures.

“The information system has yet to give me Yao Hai’s exact location.” Luo Feng stood within the control room of the Yun mo planet ship, looking at the desolate mineral planet, his eyes raging.

“Luo Feng, the virtual universe company has requested a call, it’s the information system.” Babata’s voice resounded in his mind.


Chapter 639: Hunting the Undying

The blood red triangular ship stopped on a mountain in a desolate mineral planet.

In the other regions of this planet, there were 30 enormous interstellar battleships, along with a ship for the pagoda squadron of the gold horn race…at the core of the battle ships lay the Yun Mo planet ship.

Within a dining hall inside the yun mo planet ship.

“How long will we wait?” The armored youth said impatiently as he ate, “Why hasn’t the information system department given us the exact location of our target, we don’t even know where he is right now and we have no way to make a move, are we to simply just wait here?”

“Be quiet.”

The gold armored old man glanced at him.

“Await the order!” The tall and skinny 9th army leader said coldly, “The information system wouldn’t care about your complaints.”

The armored youth pouted.

“Footsteps?” The 9th army leader and the gold armored old man turned simultaneously, immediately, the cabin door in the distance automatically opened and a silver armored Luo Feng smiled and walked in, behind him, Dylan followed him.

Looking at Luo Feng’s smile, the 9th army and the old man couldn’t help but smile too.

“Seems like good news.” The armored youth muttered too.

“Friends!”

Luo Feng smiled carefree, “Right now, our undying target Yao Hai is having a ceremony in the capital planet!”

“Haha, fantastic.” The armored youth jumped up excitedly.

The gold armored old man and the 9th army leader both stood up.

“I didn’t expect the information system to be so efficient.” The 9th army leader smiled, beside him the gold armored old man chimed in, “The probably didn’t dare delay his majesty Luo feng.”

“Let’s go, follow me to the control room.” Luo Feng ordered.

Immediately…

Luo Feng led with his guard Dylan, the leader of the pagoda squadron elder Si Fan Qi with Kashna and the 9th army leader followed behind, the leaders of this entire mission all gathered within the control room of the Yun mo planet ship.

Standing within the control room.

Luo Feng glanced outside at the scenery of the desolate mineral planet, saying coldly, “Pagoda squadron, 30 groups of the 9th army, the target is Dream underworld empire capital planet, head out!”

“Yes!”

“Yes!”

“Yes!”

…

There were many head figures on the screen, a total of 31, these were the captains of the 30 interstellar battleships.

Rumble!

The Yun mo planet ship along with the Pagoda ship, one ahead of the other, became beams of lights and swiftly rushed into the skies.

Rumble…

The land shook.

30 enormous interstellar battleships that were over 10km in length gradually rose into the skies, their speeds accelerated and finally became 30 shooting stars, flying towards space.

When Luo Feng was leading the team swiftly through the dark universe heading towards the capital planet, on that capital planet, it was a luxurious scene.

The capital planet had always been the core of business and economy, it gathered the upper echelon of the universe country.

And today, a huge and extremely grand ceremony was being held, the ones invited were the highest of people within the Dream underworld empire.

“2nd princess, I heard that undying of our empire is a great person within the Ganwu universe country.” A beautiful lady lifting a wine glass, dressed in a purple dress was in the corner softly chatting with another beautiful lady with jade green hair, “Hence even the Head ancestor is coming personally to welcome him.”

“The head ancestor, the person coming must be an undying.” The jade green hair princess’s eyes gleamed, “I haven’t seen an undying from the universe country.”

“You’ll see in a moment princess.” The lady smiled.

The dining hall was bustling with activity.

The upper echelon of the empire that had arrived much earlier all conversed softly, a few beautiful women were amongst them looking at the other youths, these sort of upper echelon ceremonies were usually the best chance for youths to find partners.

…

Outside the capital planet.

Hua!

The space seemed to ripple, a triangular blood colored universe ship appeared first, following closely behind was the pagoda ship and finally the incredibly huge interstellar ships that gathered across the space.

“Your majesty, that is the capital planet of the Dream underworld empire.” Dylan smiled and pointed ahead.

Luo Feng looked ahead too.

Looking from space, that dream underworld capital planet looked like it was covered in mist, a layer of dark green covered it.

“What a beautiful planet.” Luo Feng complemented softly, “It’s a pity today it’ll be destroyed by war.”

“That cannot be avoided.” Dylan emphasized.

The targets this time were the official level undying Yao Hai and the upper level general undying Jeffrey, as undyings that could easily ripple the entire planet…the moment the mission began, there was no question the entire planet would be affected.

“Elder Si Fan Qi.” Luo Feng shouted.

“Your majesty.” The elder of the pagoda squadron listened intently to the order.

“In a while, you will bring you team to kill Yao Hai and Jeffrey.” Luo Feng said softly, “I hope, to the best of your ability, to let the normal civilians live. Of course…the top priority is still to kill the 2 undyings.”

“Understood.” Elder Si Fan Qi nodded.

Luo Feng looked at the beautiful planet in space, his eyes slowly concentrating, ordering coldly, “9th army, 30 groups, surround the entire capital planet, the moment the mission begins, stop and destroy any ships that try to flee!”

“Understood!”

“Understood!”

…

30 replies continuously.

“Move!” Luo Feng ordered.

Immediately, the huge 30 interstellar battle ships that surrounded the Yun Mo planet ship began to disperse, preparing to surround the capital planet from space, able to block all traffic in and out within the region.

“Elder Si Fan Qi, your team should move too.” Luo Feng looked at Si Fan Qi.

“Your majesty, don’t worry, our pagoda team will definitely kill Yao Hai and Jeffrey.” The gold armored old man’s eyes were extremely confident.

“Remember, you have to open broadcast channels with the virtual universe network.” Luo Feng said.

Synchronized broadcast, this would allow the battle footage to be instantly recorded and sent to the virtual universe network, and as this form of broadcast was controlled by the virtual universe system, there was no way to fake it. The detailed progress of these missions etc all had to be synchronized broadcast.

“Understood.” The old man nodded.

“It all lands on you elder.” Luo Feng said to the old man, “Killing the 2 of them is this mission’s most important part, if we fail, we’ll lose a big half of it, we definitely cannot let them escape. Elder Si Fan Qi… I’ll be in space awaiting your news!”

“Let’s go!” Luo Feng watched the gold armored old man leave.

He became a blur and swiftly flew out of the Yun Mo planet ship, entering the neighboring pagoda ship.

Within that ship was 1 emperor level undying and 7 official level undyings, they swiftly became a beam of light and flew towards the atmosphere of the capital planet.

“Babata, the moment the battle begins, engage long distance broadcast, I need to see the process of the battle.” Luo Feng said.

“No problem! The virtual universe company had upgraded many of the systems in here very well, we are very close to the planet, completely within the scanning range.” Babata shouted excitedly from the screen.

“Remember, only begin the scan when the battle begins, or we’ll alert them too early.”

“Understood.”

Luo Feng looked on at that peaceful beautiful planet, along with the 30 interstellar battleships about, like 30 moons hovering about the planet.

“It’s begun!”

Luo Feng took a deep breath.

Within the ceremony hall.

“The god leader is here!” A powerful voice resounded throughout the grand ceremony hall, the hall which was originally filled with rampant discussions instantly grew silent, the royal elites and upper echelon, all the distinguished people of the dream underworld empire, all became incredibly humble and respectful as they waited patiently.

At the door of the hall, 3 silhouettes entered.

A formless undying law ripple caused all the sector lords, domain lords, universe levels and many other normal people to feel the pressure.

“Greetings god leader!”

After which a sector lord knelt first on the ground.

Immediately, everyone within the hall all knelt down, shouting loudly, “”Greetings god leader.”

The sound resounded throughout the hall.

Standing on the stage before everybody was a green armored, handsome normally looking boy at first glance, his forehead had a peculiar crystal embedded within, this seemingly simply youth, was the emperor who opened the empire within the dream underworld empire, the head ancestor Yao Hai!

He, Yao Hai!

He had the greatest power within the dream underworld empire.

“Today, I’m very happy.” Yao Hai smiled, his voice resounding in everyone’s ears, the 2 other undyings standing beside him, one of which was tall and sturdy with a pointy head, he was the number 2 person in this empire, Yao Hai’s disciple…undying Jeffrey!

Another on the other side, dressed in a dark gold long robe with long snow like white hair, smiling, almost like a radiant sun.

“Because the universe country’s Lord Long Chi Er has come to our Dream underworld…” Yao Hai’s voice suddenly stopped.

He frowned.

Even Jeffrey and that white haired undying all frowned, they looked up, because the 3 undyings could feel powerful god energy brushing past them, this was an incredibly disrespectful thing to do.

The upper echelon members gathered in the hall all looked up suspiciously.

“Haha, what a crowded ceremony.”

“Hehe, the humans really know how to enjoy.”

“Right, look at the little doll on the stage. Haha.”

Different sorts of noises that were like glass being scratched resounded throughout the hall, causing many of them to not be able to help but cover their ears.


Chapter 640: Undying Battle

The jade armored youth Yao Hai’s gaze went gold, shouting, “Impudence!”

Rumble!

Ripples much stronger than his voice rose from around him, with the force an undying, it instantly rushed against the enemies that spoke to him. With Yao Hai’s power, he easily discovered the 3 powerful law energies floating in mid air, they were 3 undyings.

“What’s going on?” The white haired old man frowned.

“Enemies.” The jade armored youth communicated, “3 of them, very strong, however they don’t feel human.”

“Other races invasion?” The white haired old man began to rage.

“Hmphm, watch me settle them, those that dare invade humanity’s regions, they are committing suicide.” Yao Hao smiled coldly, he immediately became a beam of green light and broke through the roof of the hall, the roof was torn apart instantly like it was nothing, as that green light broke through the roof…

A completely black sledgehammer flashed gold and suddenly appeared before the green light.

Ah!

The green armored youth Yao Hai’s expression changed greatly, he didn’t even realize the enemy had already rushed right before him, this huge sledgehammer that suddenly appeared before him had completely squeezed all the space around it, making one feel as though the entire land and skies were crashing down on him, that powerful pressure made Yao hai have no confidence at all in blocking it.

“Emperor level!!!” Yao Hao cried out, simultaneously he waved his right fist, on it was a net like glove.

The 2 clashed instantly! Whether it was the black sledgehammer or Yao Hai’s fist, none had any ripples about it, obviously the energies were extremely condensed, however the moment they clashed….

Rumble!!!

The clash of the 2 created a blinding light that was almost like a sun, just the clash alone generated ultra high temperatures that warped the space around, the powerful undying energies created shockwaves all over, it first completely destroyed the ceremony hall below, the royal family and elites were all shouting in fear, as the shockwaves swept through the area, they were all either reduced to dust or a bloody mess.

Shouts of fear and howls of pain, against the shockwaves, nothing could be heard.

The palace had an area of 3,000km.

The civilians outside the palace all suddenly realized…that the palace was completely silent, almost like even the wind and air were blocked off from within.

Rumble!

Following the explosion of the palace, it was like a wave, the entire area shook and all the constructs were reduced to waste in the process, the shockwaves held within them undying energies, even the unlucky sector lords about would explode and die from the waves.

“Look, the palace has exploded.”

“The palace, ah!”

The civilians of the capital planet all watched the nightmare like scene, feeling the ground shake below them, all shocked.

…

In the space above the planet, the Yun Mo planet ship floated.

“Scan the planet, broadcast all footage of the battle here.” Luo Feng ordered within the control room.

“Yes.” Babata complied excitedly.

Chi!

3 three dimensional simulations, Luo Feng, the 9th army leader, Dylan and Kashna all watched the screen, 2 scenes were peaceful, another was a palace that was already half in ruins.

“Who knows if that Yao Hai is dead already.” Kashna muttered.

“Yao Hai will definitely die.” Luo Feng stared at the screen.

Within the palace.

The battle began suddenly, the emperor level undying Si Fan Qi had been hiding and waiting for the chance to sneak an attack from the start, even though Yao Hai fought hard to block, he was still completely reduced to ashes from that sledgehammer, even his meat and bones were completely shattered.

“Teacher!” Jeffrey’s expression changed greatly.

“Outsiders, you dare get arrogant before humanity.” The white haired old man’s eyes gleamed like a star.

“Lord Long Chi Er, please save my teacher and kill those outsiders.” Jeffrey shouted urgently, and at this time, 3 powerful energies descended from above, simultaneously from another direction, 3 powerful energies rushed over as quick as lightning, the 6 official level undyings appeared at the same time!

6 official level undyings rushing amidst the ruins.

“Ya!” Jeffrey roared and rushed into the skies.

“Outsider, die.” The white haired old man Long Chi Er roared.

Rumble!

Jeffrey had instantly clashed with one of the official level undyings, the terrifying undying energies rippled throughout, causing the already ruined palace to once again get hit by a shockwave.

“Ya.” Jeffrey’s expression struggled.

Chi!

A gold light brushed past Jeffrey’s waist, causing him to instantly get sliced in 2, after which a stronger gold light descended…landing and melting his broken body, causing his body to crackle, it was constantly melting, until it finally vanished completely.

“Long Chi Er!!!” Before he died, Jeffrey’s roar resounded within the ruined palace.

Jeffrey would never have believed…

That Long Chi Er would make a move against him!

That white haired old man smiled coldly in mid air, “Those that dare betray humanity will die!”

“Betray humanity? I didn’t expect to be discovered by you all.” His cold voice resounded in the distance where powerful undying energies were gathering to form a human silhouette, it was Yao Hai. Yao Hai stared with hatred at the white hair old man, before looking at the pagoda undyings rushing over.

Sou!

He swiftly fled.

“Flee?”

“I’m just waiting for you to gather your body.” The old voice resounded, that gold armored old man instantly appeared before Yao Hai.

“Teleportation?”

Yao Hai shrieked, his face pale.

In the distance, quietly observing the scene, the white hair old man Long Chi Er smiled coldly, “What an idiot, you think you can survive after betraying humanity? With the virtual universe company’s arrangement, do you think you have any chance of escaping alive. However this time…the other race undyings are really powerful, there’s actually an emperor level, and one that can already unleash teleportation…Yao Hai, is definitely going to die!”

In space.

Within the Yun Mo planet ship, Luo Feng, the 9th army leader, Dylan and Kashna all watched the scene, it showed the battle progress.

“Hm, Jeffrey is already dead?” Luo Feng was shocked, “So fast?”

An undying was very hard to kill.

However, Jeffrey died really quickly.

“Your majesty.” Dylan smiled, “That Jeffrey was weaker, he hadn’t reached the true level undying body. And the one that attacked him was the universe country’s Long Chi Er, he…is proficient in light origin laws and time, an official level undying, light origin law warriors are naturally adept at purifying, combined with the time laws, they form an incredible power that can easily purify and kill a normal undying.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“However, killing Yao Hai is much harder.” Dylan frowned at the screen.

“Yao Hai has already reached the level of undying body.” The 9th army leader said solemnly, “Even if he’s reduced to nothing, he can reform his body, killing him…there are 2 common ways, 1 is complete annihilation, the 2nd is soul destroy. However, that elder Si Fan Qi from the gold horn race isn’t adept at soul techniques, then… he can only annihilate him completely!”

Luo Feng nodded.

Undying, those that truly reach the level of undying body, they were extremely hard to kill.

Back then in primal chaos city, that powerful primal chaos city leader didn’t kill those 2 undyings either. Of course…the main reason was he actually showed mercy, however even so, his single palm was already terrifying, the reason they didn’t die…showed just how terrifying undyings were.

Normal undyings, their spirit imprint and cell formation aren’t completely perfect yet, then, killing and killing a few more times after can end it.

However those that reach the level of undying body.

Within any cell fragment, even if shattered, they can reform their bodies, without even losing a bit of energy! Just relying on brute force and killing them, killing hundreds to thousands of time, they still wouldn’t die. It was in fact easier to simply seal them.

“Soul destroy, was the way Hu Yan Bo died.

His entire body was undamaged, however it was almost like poison, his entire soul was invaded and as time flowed, the soul imprints would fall apart…and he died naturally!

However to unleash such an attack, the power difference first had to be huge, and the attacker had to be proficient in soul attacks.

And annihilation!

That was purely energy usage, reducing the enemy undying to completely nothing, when an undying…was completely purified without any energy, they would naturally die. This method… one first had to have complete dominance in strength, secondly, the amount of energy used was shocking.

Using too much of the energy…would seriously affect his own energies!

Rumble!

Rumble!

On the screen, 8 silhouettes surrounded a light silhouette and slaughtered.

Ah…

Howl…

The undying Yao Hai howled as he was surrounded and killed, the crystal on his forehead emitted a visible green light, shooting in all directions, immediately Dylan and the 9th army leader both were shocked.

“What’s wrong?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“It’s a soul attack technique from the bug clan.” Dylan emphasized.

“It’s exactly like how the bug clan does it.” The 9th army leader added.

The battle went on.

Under the surround attacks of an emperor level and 7 official level undyings, especially with the emperor level undying being elder Si Fan Qi, who was willing to sacrifice large amounts of his undying energy to annihilate him…this emperor Yao Hao of the dream underworld empire was constantly getting his undying energy annihilated, his body gradually grew weaker and weaker, until he finally roared as his body crumbled.

“Congratulations your majesty, Yao Hai is dead! His undying energy is so weak he’s no longer able to reform.” Dylan smiled.

“Congratulations your majesty.” The 9th army leader smiled as well.

Luo Feng nodded.

Looking at the capital planet that was already 1/5th in ruins, he ordered, “Move, begin killing the 1.2 hundred million targets.”


Chapter 641: Disaster

With Luo Feng’s order, it wasn’t simply the 30 interstellar battle ships that began its movement, even the 9th army’s 700,000 universe soldiers that were spread out in different planets also began their mission.

Dream underworld empire capital planet.

After the undying battle from before, 1/5th of the entire planet lay in ruins. The other regions were also affected by the shockwaves with many buildings fallen and people injured.

“Boohoo, boo hoo…”

In a small town on the planet, one could clearly hear howls and cries. Fallen buildings could be seen everywhere. However, the human body was pretty strong, even though they were injured, there were very few dead.

“Don’t cry. Be good, don’t cry.”

“Big brother, our house is gone.” The little girl cried, her eyes red.

The boy hugged his sister.

Behind him was a married couple, the young couple looked on at their fallen house in anguish. It was very expensive to buy a house on the capital planet, and their biggest wealth was that house. Now that it had fallen…after the matter, there would definitely be a new rich owner who would take the land back.

Every time a disaster happened, the benefits would be shared amongst the higher ups.

As for them, the lower level people, they would always be exploited.

“Big brother, look.” The little girl stared wide eyed at the distance.

“Ah.” He stared wide eyed at the distant skies.

In the sky, an enormous completely black malevolent interstellar battleship, with a length of over 10km appeared. It was like a majestic mountain floating in the air, covering the sun itself. And at the end of the horizon, there was another seemingly small, but completely similar interstellar battleship descending as well.

At this time…

30 interstellar battleships descended simultaneously and floated in the air above the capital planet. It had complete control, and was ready to destroy any ship that fled.

“My god!

“Universe interstellar battleships!”

On the capital planet, one could see the malevolent ships everywhere.

These sort of ships that battled in the outer regions were much stronger than the regular battleships. Just the energy barrier formed by these 30 ships that covered the entire planet had already shocked everybody.

“Big brother, there’s a ship flying over here.” The little girl stared and shouted.

Her big brother and parents turned around to see.

A triangular blood colored ship slowly descended, passing right through the barrier and finally landing within a spacious opening in the little town. The townspeople all held their breaths and looked. They were very clear that any ship that was able to pass through the barrier formed by the 30 interstellar battle ships without being affected at all must not be ordinary.

“Hua!” The cabin door opened.

The townspeople were all terrified as they looked on.

A black haired youth in silver armor, with 2 undyings behind him (Dylan, 9th army leader), 6 sector lords (Kashna and his 5 sector lord guards), flew out of the door and gently landed on the ground that was recently shaken.

“Sou!”

A silhouette appeared.

This was a silhouette covered in gold armor. He wielded a huge black sledgehammer, his entire being seemed to make the sky and ground shake.

“Your majesty.” The gold armored old man smiled, “Yao Hai is dead.”

“Hm.” The black haired youth nodded.

They didn’t seal off this conversation. Hence, the townspeople around staring at this group were all shocked, Yao Hao? Yao Hai was dead?

As residents of the Dream underworld empire, who didn’t know of the royal family, Yao Hao family. And in the entire family, there was only who dared to use that name, it was the founder of the family! The Head ancestor! And the greatest being of the Dream underworld empire, the being who founded the empire!

“The god that founded the empire, he’s actually dead?”

“No…”

The people were all shocked.

However they could all see the terrifying huge interstellar battleships in the sky, along with the blood colored triangular ship, lastly, the black haired youth and the group that emanated unbelievable terrifying auras.

“If they didn’t kill the emperor, how would they dare attack the capital planet like that, without any response at all from the royal family?” The people all logically understood that all these were facts.

Sou!

A silhouette flew secretly amongst the townspeople.

“Ai Fu!” A low roar resounded within the town. The fleeing silhouette was actually stopped in mid air.

The black haired youth of the blood colored triangular ship and his underlings flew over.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” A clean and gentle voice sounded. “I’ve seen the universe genius competitions, I know who you are, why have you captured me?” The beautiful brown haired girl dressed in seemingly plain and simply clothing was stuck in mid air. Her nose was very pointed and her eyes slightly sunken in, her skin a dark green color.

Luo Feng and the rest landed before her.

“You traitor, my teacher is an emperor level undying. Before him, do you think you, a sector lord can escape?” The armored youth Kashna pointed at the brown haired girl and roared.

“Emperor level undying?” The girl Ai Fu was shocked. She struggled hard for a while but with the space binding, how could she get free?

“Your majesty Luo Feng, why have you captured me?” The lady looked at Luo Feng, appearing as though she was troubled.

“You only have two paths.” Luo Feng looked at her.

“One of them is to fight me. If I cannot kill you, you can survive.”

“The second option is, well, any other choice will only lead to death.”

Luo Feng was too lazy to even chat with her. She remained bound in mid air, gritting her teeth. She understood that since even Yao Hai was dead, her affairs and matters were probably already revealed, and she was a warrior that had just broken through to the sector lord level, she couldn’t be bothered to act anymore.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, you are saying that if I fight you and live, I can leave from here alive?” Ai Fu looked at him.

“Right.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Can I trust your word?” Ai Fu stared at Luo feng.

“Hmph.” Dylan snorted coldly beside Luo Feng, saying coldly, “His majesty’s prestige is worth more than your life.”

“Alright!” her eyes gleamed, “Let’s fight!”

Rumble!

Immediately, the space binding dissipated and a formless space barrier covered a 100m area. The gold armored old man Si Fan Qi immediately said with his powerful voice, “Your majesty, I’ve already put a space barrier around a 100m area. This will be your battle space with the lady, it won’t affect the surroundings.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Come!” Ai Fu’s originally simple clothing instantly changed, condensed and became a streamlined grey armor. Simultaneously two short blades appeared in her hands.

Luo Feng stood his ground.

“I don’t believe that I, with sector lord strength, cannot defeat you!” Ai Fu roared and immediately, a formless world energy pressure spread out. Simultaneously, her internal world projected and caused the surrounding space to become a black forest world. It felt like she was the master of this black forest.

Rumble!

The world energy extended the two short blades in her hands and they instantly became two huge black whips wrapping about Luo Feng.

“Your origin law comprehension is too weak when compared to the Virtual Universe Company geniuses.” Luo Feng shook his head.

Luo Feng didn’t even want to use the Nan Shen Armament.

Howl!

In an instant, Luo feng rushed forward like an absolute ferocious beast, forcefully stepping on the huge trees and leaves of that forest and rushing straight at the two black whips.

Hu Hu Hu…

Luo Feng’s hands were as quick as lightning. With ferocious energy within them, it made use of the universe gold and space laws that made his claws as fast as lightning. In an instant, he had torn through the two black whips.

Claw technique, 3,000 space.

“Indeed a genius, however…” Ai Fu’s eyes gleamed fiercely. The two blades in her hands instantly triggered the powerful world energy and endless leaves wrapped about Luo Feng.

Luo Feng however didn’t slow down as he tore through the whips, continuing towards Ai Fu. As the endless amounts of vines and leaves rushed at him, he looked malevolent, almost like the single horned lizard beast god clawing at the huge palm in the sky, he too activated his right claw!

Rumble,,,

The gold right claw was a few meters high. With a beast roar, the space and gold laws were completed infused within, forming a real right claw.

It tore right through the leaves and vines.

“How can this be.” Ai Fu stared wide eyed.

Rumble!

The right claw completely shredded her apart. Fresh blood spurted everywhere and a life core flew out of her body and tried to flee.

“Sou.” Luo Feng flashed and caught the core in his hands.

“Your only advantage was having world energy and projecting it. However, in terms of origin law comprehension, you are simply too much weaker.” Luo Feng shook his head and immediately destroyed the life core.

“Babata, close the synchronized broadcast to the virtual universe network.” Luo Feng said.

The battle had already ended.

This battle had allowed him 10% completion of the mission.

“It’s a pity that of the four targets I have to kill personally, only one of them is here on the capital planet.” Luo Feng thought and shook his head.

Sou!

He suddenly rose into the sky. Dylan, the 9th army leader and elder Si Fan Qi along with the group of undyings followed suit.

Standing in mid air.

Luo Feng gazed into the distance. With his domain lord level 9 vision, he could easily see over thousands of km. From the many interstellar battle ships, large amount of universe soldiers were rushing down, while hunting their targets. The entire capital planet became a bloodbath…of course, they were only killing the targets.

“Your majesty, look there.” The armored youth Kashna suddenly stared shocked in the distance.

Luo Feng turned over.

A blurry light had begun to shine thousands of km away. Simultaneously the space around it was rippling, with many huge malevolent silhouettes appearing, large gold bug soldiers flew out, it was a blur. In the center was a nest in the shape of a pyramid a few tens of km tall. It was filled with caves that spewed out all sorts of poisonous gas.

Simultaneously, a light pillar began to shine from the many gold bug soldiers.

In an instant!

The entire capital planet became a sea of gold.

“Your majesty, flee!”

“God country teleportation, it’s an undying mother nest!” while watching the blur light and countless silhouettes appear, Dylan grabbed Luo Feng and rushed quickly towards the Yun Mo planet ship. Even the emperor level Si Fan Qi, the 9th army leader, Kashna and the others all rushed towards the Yun Mo planet ship.

The capital planet had completely become a sea of gold.

Rumble…

Boom!

The entire capital planet exploded open, even the most sturdy planet core was split apart from just a single attack. The large amounts of universe soldiers hunting on the planet were caught in the fire as well.

And the commanding ship of this mission, the Yun mo planet ship was fleeing in panic!


Chapter 642: Undying Bug Clan Mother Nest

That pyramid mother nest which was a few tens of km tall, during the glaring gold sea of light, it let out an ear piercing scream.

“Sha!”

The ear piercing scream caused the numerous golden bug soldiers to roar together. These golden bug soldiers were mainly split into two kinds. One was similar to human form, about 30m tall, they were completely covered in armor, and on their backs were bug wings. Their eyes resembled a houseflies compound eyes.

Another type was much skinnier and about 100m tall. Their bodies were bent and hunched, and their head portion seemed to be filled with eyes, with hundreds to thousands of eyes. Their backs had hundreds of wings.

These two different types of soldiers were completely gold in color.

The auras they emanated caused the space around them to shake.

With the ear piercing scream of the mother nest, both kinds of soldiers all roared. As the leading gold humanoid shaped soldier opened its mouth, a sharp glass like instrument with a diameter of about 30cm glowed with white light.

Thousands of golden soldiers all opened their mouths and extended a similar instrument from their mouth.

Chi!

“Flee!”

“Quickly flee, all flee! Quickly, quickly, quickly!!!” The 9th army leader was no longer as calm as before. Within the Yun Mo planet ship, he was filled with shock and fear. He hurriedly roared at the 30 interstellar battleships through the control board, they all immediately activated and began to accelerate to flee.

However…

The acceleration of the interstellar battleships, how could they compare to the large group of bug soldiers?

Thousands of 30m gold bug soldiers that resembled the demons in legends, they simultaneously shot out a blinding white pillar of light. Thousands of them gathering and condensing in one point! Thousands of powerful soldiers acting as one.

When thousands of them gathered into one single white pillar of light…

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! The space around the area shook violently, instantly exploding apart, revealing a terrifying maelstrom within the space, with all sorts of broken space fragments, layers upon layers of disorderly space was flowing around madly.

Simultaneously!

As that target point at the center, the shaken universe space around fell like dominoes, expanding in all directions! In an instant, it was almost like a supernova explosion!

Rumble!

It created a blinding huge ball of light with a diameter of tens of thousands of km. The slow accelerating interstellar battleships were like 30 little ships amidst a storm, they were instantly swallowed by the huge light ball, completely vanishing from vision.

Following closely!

This was a huge ball of light that was even larger than a star. The violent shockwaves shot in all directions, only then did the ear piercing scream truly sound.

Rumble…

The universe shook!

Space tore apart!

It was almost like an apocalypse!

In the light ball that shot in all directions, the 30 interstellar battle ships shook within, almost like playthings, flying all over as the shockwaves threw them about.

Sou!

Amidst the countless shockwaves, a blood colored triangular ship seemed to brave the winds and billows, flying right out.

…

Within the Yun Mo planet ship.

“No!!!” The 9th army leader’s expression was ugly as he stared behind. The external simulator allowed him to easily see the 30 enormous interstellar battle ships rolling about like playthings.

“This, is too terrifying.” The armored youth Kashna stared wide eyed.

Luo Feng grit his teeth.

Simply.

Too terrifying.

Just one combined attack…it actually caused mass destruction within an area with a diameter of tens of thousands of km. As for the shockwaves, they reached out even further, what terrifying power! Some normal planets didn’t even have a diameter of 10,000 km. Even a star, their diameters hardly ever exceeded 10,000 km.

With such power, who could block it?

The gold armored elder Si Fan Qi quickly roared, “Quick, quickly flee. Another team of thousands of undying bug soldiers are chasing!”

“Undying bug soldiers?” Luo Feng turned.

From the external simulator, Luo Feng could see the blur of thousands of golden bug soldiers rushing from behind the Yun Mo Planet ship. They were about 100m tall, filled with eyes all over. They were hunched with hundreds of wings on their back. All their eyes were fixed on the fleeing Yun mo planet ship.

These gold bug soldiers had speeds that weren’t slower than the Yun Mo planet ship at all!

Undying level, they could enter universe travel with just their bodies.

“Universe travel, countdown…” Babata’s voice resounded within the ship.

“Don’t do it.”

The gold armored elder Si Fan Qi roared, “It’s no use, within the dark universe, they are even faster. When the undying bugs give chase, before we hit maximum speed, their instantaneous acceleration far exceeds this ship’s.”

“Then what do we do?” Dylan roared, “Old man, quickly think of something!”

“Quickly.”

Luo Feng looked at the group of malevolent gold bug soldiers that was closing in fast, he was panicking too. The legendary undying bug soldiers, in an instant there were thousands of them, what kind of terrifying power was this? Thousands of them combining their attacks, even an emperor level undying would have to flee.

“Don’t do anything, leave it to me.”

The gold armored elder roared softly, simultaneously he vanished from the control room.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

“It’s teleportation, he’s already outside of the ship.” Dylan communicated.

“Don’t resist, I’ll absorb all of you into my world.” Elder Si Fan Qi’s serious voice resounded within everyone’s mind in the Yun Mo planet ship.

Sou!

The entire Yun Mo planet ship vanished in mid air, leaving behind only the gold armored elder.

“Repulsive bug clan.” The elder stood in space, looking back at the thousands of bug soldiers swiftly rushing at him, his eyes filled with hatred. “The next time we meet in the outer region wars, I’ll definitely let you know how powerful I am.”

“Wa…”

The thousands of gold bug soldiers saw that the human ship had vanished. They were like humans, all of them had a full body of eyes that shot out gold threads that extended throughout and condensed about the space.

Elder Si Fan Qi who was preparing to teleport again felt the universe space about condense, immediately grit his teeth.

“Bastard.”

Elder Si Fan Qi roared.

Sou!

He accelerated fiercely!

Very quickly, he almost reached light speed, the space around him rippled and he entered the dark universe.

Wa!

The thousands of golden bug soldiers accelerated again and reached light speed, the surrounding space rippled and they all entered the dark universe.

…

Within the world.

The Yun Mo planet had slowed down and stopped in the spacious sky above a forest. Within the control room, the group was silent for awhile.

Luo Feng, Dylan, the 5 sector lord guards, the 7 official level undyings of the pagoda squadron and the 9th army leader, this group of survivors hearts were all still in suspense. This was because everyone was clear…they were only in elder Si Fan Qi’s world.

The moment he died, they would all be killed.

“Can he escape? Can Elder Si Fan Qi escape from the bug soldiers?” Luo Feng looked at Dylan.

“No idea.” Dylan shook his head.

“Definitely no problem. My teacher has incredibly strong power.” The armored youth Kashna shouted.

Beside him the tall and skinny 9th army leader said solemnly, “Undying bug clan mother nest, they belong to the upper echelon of the bug clan. Everyone of them is incredibly terrifying…in the outer regions, every time one of them appears, it’s a nightmare!”

Bated breaths.

Suffocating.

The group within the control room were all silently awaiting their fates.

The thing they were most worried about right now was the world collapsing. That would indicate the death of elder Si Fan Qi, and when the world was destroyed, they would be revealed! When that happened…this group of absolute warriors, against that undying bug clan mother nest, would have no resistance at all.

Sou!

The Yun mo planet ship vanished from the world.

When it reappeared Luo Feng and the rest could see ahead clearly, it was an endless snow storm.

“This is a mineral planet with low temperatures.” A familiar voice resounded.

Luo Feng, the 9th army leader, Dylan and the others all turned to look.

The gold armored elder suddenly appeared within the control room, this was the terrifying power of teleportation…it wasn’t simply extremely fast movement. Fast movement wasn’t enough to break through the defense of the Yun Mo planet ship. However…during teleportation, no mountain or wall could block it.

Of course, even amongst the emperor level undying, only few had the ability to do it.

“Teacher.”

“Elder.”

It was an uproar of celebration within the control room.

Luo Feng looked at the gold armored elder and bowed, “Elder Si Fan Qi, Thank you for saving our lives.”

“It’s my duty.” The elder’s eyes were somewhat fatigued, smiling, “That bunch of repulsive bugs are really hard to deal with. Luckily I’m proficient in the space laws and escaping. In terms of space law attacks, I may be weaker, however I definitely have a guarantee in fleeing. After dizzying amounts of universe travel and being chased through thousands of galaxies, I managed to shake them off.”

Space laws, they could be split into many sides.

Teleportation belonged to the ultimate of one side.

“Teacher, you are hurt?” The armored youth Kashna stared at the elder’s armor, shocked.

Elder Si Fan Qi’s had a tear.

“I was hit once while fleeing.”

He shook his head, “Those repulsive bugs, they all have undying level strength. Even though they don’t have their own intellect, and take all orders from the queen. If it were 1v1, they are much weaker than a true undying. However with thousands of them combined, they far exceed the combined forces of thousands of true undyings, they are indeed terrifying.”


Chapter 643: Taking Stock

Within the Yun Mo planet control room, when they heard what elder Si Fan Qi said, they were all silent.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but recall the scene of what happened on the capital planet. When the mother nest and the large amount of bug soldiers first appeared, just the energy released by the close to 10,000 undyings, it immediately caused the entire planet to explode.

Destroying an entire planet was an extremely hard thing to do.

Even though at sector lord level, one move could cause mass extinction on a life planet, that was only destruction on the surface, the planet itself would still survive.

As for an undying, they too needed to put all their energy in one strike to be able to destroy a planet.

And there were simply too many bug soldiers. With all of them gathered, just the energy that erupted from them created that shocking effect.

“Just now, that one move actually destroyed an area with a diameter of 10,000 km.” Luo Feng emphasized.

“It was very strong.”

Dylan said softly, “Even if they coordinated well, for thousands of undying to accurately and simultaneously attack, making all of them precisely gather at one point…none of them can have even a little bit of error. Even if done well, out of ten thousand times, maybe one would succeed. However…the moment it does…with the attack of thousands of undying, it would cause a maelstrom in the space itself, the power would be devastating. This would be akin to a universe knight.”

The crowd nodded, all still reeling from before.

“The 1st thing is their consciousness has to be one.” Elder Si Fan Qi said solemnly. “Second, they are not afraid of death, and third, with the bug clan mother nest controlling them through her consciousness, thousands of bug clan soldiers are able to unleash incredible law infused attacks. Just like when they were chasing me, they condensed the space around me, making me unable to teleport.”

Teleportation was like a fish swimming in water.

With the space condensed, it was like turning the water to ice.

Naturally the fish cannot swim.

“They even know origin law attacks?” The armored youth Kashna said with shock.

“Of course.” The 9th army leader smiled coldly. “The bug clan, as a pinnacle race like ours, they are one of the races with the biggest population, and also one that has the smallest population.”

“If we count those soldiers without direction, then their numbers would be endless.”

“If we don’t, just counting the highly intelligent mother nest queens, then there would only be those few. Even the most normal mother nest queen, at pinnacle maturity, they too would be sector lord level and would be able to produce large amounts of sector lord soldiers.” The 9th army leader said, “Much less the undying mother nest, even if emperor level undyings encountered it, they would fall if they weren’t careful.”

“The mother nest queen is highly intelligent. Its consciousness and mental capabilities are very strong. It can individually control countless soldiers, even doing precise combined attacks. Hence, you can imagine how powerful it really is.”

“The bug clan all have soul imprints, one of the pinnacle races of the universe. Any queen is a master of soul techniques…this is also why it’s so hard to control a mother nest queen.” The 9th army leader smiled. “And the most pinnacle of beings in the bug clan, any one of them, if they used a soul invasion technique, all of us would probably be controlled and be unable to flee.”

The armored youth Kashna blinked, “That powerful?”

Everyone else glanced at him, even the 7 official level undyings of the pagoda squadron felt disgraced.

Luo Feng too glanced at him without speaking.

In regards to the power of the bug clan, his golden horned beast inherited memories had detailed records of it. A large part of his memories described the bug clan. As there were simply too much on it, Luo Feng had only browsed through the basic information. However even so, that was enough to make Luo feng feel shock and fear.

The bug clan!

Even the golden horned beast race didn’t dare mess with it, especially certain core areas of the bug clan, there lay endless seas of bug soldiers…it would easily make any warrior lose confidence.

“How did the mother nest come here? How could it dare to come here?” Luo Feng frowned. “Aren’t they afraid the warriors of earth would head over and kill it? Some of the absolute warriors of the Virtual Universe Company can completely teleport through their god countries over, and come kill it. And if the mother nest were to teleport through its god country away, it would be a good chance to confirm the location of its god country. Once that’s done, it would be killed without a doubt.”

“Your majesty.”

The gold armored elder’s voice was like metal clanging. “Yao Hao and Jeffrey were controlled by their souls, they may have been controlled by that mother nest from before. Once they were killed, it immediately found out and hence brought its elites and teleported over to exact its revenge!”

“As to why it dared to?”

“I guess that it didn’t use its own god country but through one of the undying’s god country. That way, even if it met the absolute beings of humanity, the queen could still take the mother nest with its soldiers and escape. Even if humans discovered the god country, it would only be that of the controlled undying, which is not a threat at all to the queen. With the undyings it controls as the stepping board, it can very safely and swiftly escape back to the bug clan region. The warriors of earth naturally wouldn’t dare invade there.”

Luo Feng nodded when he heard this, after which he asked curiously, “Then, are there no threats to it? Humanity will just allow it to continue on killing?”

“Of course there are dangers.” The gold armored old man laughed, “The powerful beings of humanity will leave markers throughout humanity’s territories. The moment a big threat like the bug clan mother nest appears at one spot, those beings would immediately teleport over! With their overwhelming power, they would kill the mother nest.”

“Of course!”

“Killing it would be somewhat difficult However even if they don’t kill it, they would have a guarantee of killing a large amount of undying bug soldiers. Afterall…creating an undying bug soldier is not easy.” The gold armored elder shook his head and smiled, “That queen before had to dig up a lot of her army just to come over.”

…

After a while.

The atmosphere within the control room had lightened a little. The mother nest, which was an extremely dangerous threat, had made the group not want to discuss it any further. Afterall, against such a being, one at least had to be emperor level undying to fight back.

“9th army leader, how’s the situation with the army?” Luo Feng looked at the 9th army leader.

“I’m currently contacting the other undyings controlling the 30 interstellar battleships through the virtual universe.” The 9th army leader was obviously affected, his voice was hoarse, “Right now the situation isn’t fully confirmed. Your majesty Luo Feng, please wait a while as I check with the other undyings. The report will be out soon and I’ll relay it to you.” After which, he closed his eyes.

After a while.

He opened his eyes.

“How is it?” Luo Feng asked.

“The losses are huge.” His face was ashen. “When the mother nest and undying army first appeared through the god country, the energy that erupted from them caused the entire capital planet to explode. The large amounts of universe level, domain lord level and few sector lords engaged in the mission all died instantly.

Luo Feng was silent.

During that first explosion, it wasn’t just the large amount of soldiers that died, even all the countless innocent civilians all died.

Over 10 billion people just died like that.

“And after that when the mother nest ordered the combined attack, causing a maelstrom in space and explosions within the fabric of space itself, an area with a diameter of 10 million km was laid to waste. Those lucky few sector lords that dodged the 1st shockwave, at least those still outside the ships, when this 2nd wave hit, they were all definitely killed.” The 9th army leader said.

“Even those that were in the interstellar battleships initially, and those universe soldiers fast enough to return to them.” The 9th army leader shook his head, “When the 2nd wave of shockwaves hit, amidst the explosions in space and maelstrom, even normal undyings would die from such a hit. Even those hiding within the ships…just the tremors from the powerful shockwaves alone caused a large amount of universe level soldiers to be reduced to heaps of flesh, dying instantly. The domain lords may be heavily injured, but their life cores didn’t break, just wounded.”

“All 30 interstellar battle ships all escaped via universe travel, no one chased them.”

“The mother nest was probably aiming for us leaders.”

“In summary.”

“30 interstellar battle ships, 28 undyings, 1,923 sector lords, 5,990 domain lords and 0 universe level soldiers survived.” The 9th army leader’s face was ashen as he reported.

This report made Luo Feng go silent for quite awhile.

Heavy losses!

30 interstellar battle ships, they originally had 30 undyings, 3,000 sector lords, 30,000 domain lords and 300,000 universe level soldiers.

However from that one attack, all the universe level soldiers died from the subsequent shockwaves. Even those hiding within the ships, they were still killed by the space maelstrom and fabric explosions!

As very few of the targets were sector lords, they didn’t really need to head out. So, other than a small team, large amounts of sector lords stayed within their ships. Hence, more than half of them survived!

As most of the domain lords were sent out to hunt the targets, hence only about 1/5th of them survived!

Universe level, all dead!

“How did we lose the two undyings?” Dylan asked.

“According to the survivors, when the 30 interstellar battle ships were in the space above the planet, a large amount of universe soldiers were hunting the targets. There were two undyings that left the ships too.” The 9th army leader sighed, “When the bug clan mother nest teleported over, as we have too many strong warriors gathered here, it first attacked those two undyings.”

Everybody nodded.

They were indeed the most number of powerful warriors here. The 9th army leader, the 7 official level undyings of the pagoda squadron, Long Chi Er, Dylan, the emperor level Si Fan Qi. This power, even if the bug clan mother nest sent out an army and the two of them clashed, many of the bug soldiers would be sacrificed before they could kill all of them. Hence, to instantly attack this group here with soul techniques…wasn’t realistic at all.

“This mission.” Luo Feng forced a smile.

“9th army leader.” Luo Feng suddenly thought of the other 70 army groups, asking, “How’s the result of the other 70 groups engaged in their hunting missions?”


Chapter 644: Before Separation

“Please wait a while.” The 9th army leader closed his eyes and sent his consciousness into the virtual universe network, communicating with the 70 undying commanders.

After a while, he opened his eyes.

“Things are still ok.” He looked at Luo Feng, “There haven’t been any big problems with the other 70 groups on their missions.”

Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief.

With countless people instantly lost before him, and not even 10,000 people left from the original army of 300,000, it was indeed a huge stress on Luo Feng. Especially the countless civilians who originally lived peacefully there, they were all gone now, this made Luo feng shudder from within. If today’s tragedy had happened on earth instead, what would he do?

This was war!

The race wars!

In Front of the race wars, especially the absolute beings that dominated the universe, any one of them had terrifying strength, enough to destroy a planet? It was simply a plaything to them.

“I, definitely have to become an absolute warrior!”

“When that time comes, I’ll become the upper echelon of the Virtual Universe Company and become one of the true top people in the 1,008 universe countries. That way, I can truly protect the earth. I will even be able to place many of earth’s people inside my god country.” Luo Feng had many thoughts, this made his resolve even stronger.

Humans, their resolve was dependent on their dreams and targets!

Their resolve was also a form of their willpower!

Constantly reflecting on oneself and strengthening oneself. Only through this, would Luo Feng’s willpower keep getting stronger and even more unwavering.

“No big problems?” Luo Feng frowned at the 9th army leader, “You mean there’s some small problems?”

“Hm.” He nodded.

“The other 3 sector lords weren’t caught alive?” Luo Feng asked.

Even though the mission required him to personally kill 4 sector lords, which would give him 55% of completion, he had only just killed one Ai Fu before. The other 3 were on other planets. Hence in the plan, he had arranged for the people of the 9th army to capture the other 3.

“The 3 sector lords have already been caught alive.” The 9th army leader said. “And over 90 million of the targets, separated into 368 planets. According to their strengths and number density, the 700,000 army have been split into 368 smaller groups.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“According to the plan, there shouldn’t be any problem.” The 9th army leader nodded. “Envoy, my apologies, there has been a small problem within the 368th planet. From that location, 12 targets have fled.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng frowned.

The situation that he feared had happened.

According to the mission request that was mainly separated into three parts, one was to kill the 2 undyings, second was to personally kill the 4 sector lords, and the third was to kill all of the 1.2 hundred million targets.

That number was simply too huge, luckily he had the 9th army to assist him. However, he never expected that at the last moment to have a hole in his net! Those on the capital planet would have died without a doubt…then those that escaped would be only those 12.

“How did they escape?” Luo Feng frowned.

“The main thing is the mission on 368 planets cannot be a 100% as one.” The 9th army leader explained, “And this planet that the problem arose on…Planet Mosi, it’s upper level management had probably received a distress call from one of its partner planets. Hence, it ordered for its organization’s members, even those able to influence it, the private bodies etc, to all take their universe ships and leave immediately…with countless ships flying all over. We had only sent 111 people to this planet to deal with the targets, and no interstellar battle ships were sent to barricade the space. Hence, we couldn’t block it in time. Amidst the chaos, it was impossible to confirm if the targets were in the ships. Even after chasing, we only managed to kill 27 of the 39 targets, as 12 of them escaped.”

Luo Feng’s expression sank, ordering, “Find and kill those 12. No matter what, we have to kill them!”

Among these 1.2 hundred million targets, whose names were on the list.

As long as even one escaped, then the mission would be deemed a failure.

“Of course.” The 9th army leader nodded.

“We have to grasp the time, in a moment I will get help from the Virtual Universe Company information department.” Luo Feng frowned, “Of course we can only hope that they are fleeing to another life planet.”

As long as the 12 headed to another life planet, they were within the reaches of the Virtual Universe Company.

They would be much easier to find.

However…if the 12 were scared and extremely cautious, hiding in an uninhabited mineral planet in the universe, and purely relying on their ships to survive, who could find them like that?

“Envoy.” The 9th army leader consoled him, “Leaving a group and living an isolated lifestyle, they are not capable of doing that.”

“As long as they survive past a year, my mission would be a failure.” Luo Feng frowned. “We can only do our best. Also, send the order to bring the 3 captured sector lords to Red Dawn planet.”

Red Dawn planet was also the gathering spot between Luo Feng and the gold horn race pagoda squadron.

Within a large hall of Red Dawn planet.

Luo Feng, elder Si Fan Qi, Dylan and the 9th army leader along with others stood within.

“Your majesty.”

An undying from the 9th army bowed respectfully at Luo Feng, “The 3 sector lords have been locked up within my world.”

“Take them out.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes.” This silver scale armored undying bowed. Simultaneously, he looked at the large space in the hall and brought out 3 three meter tall, wide and long dark red boxes. The moment they were out, they rushed into the sky.

“Hmph.” The silver scale armored undying snorted coldly, expanding his undying energy while pressuring, and binding the 3 boxes.

“Your majesty, these 3 boxes are all made of E9 grade alloys. The 3 sector lords cannot escape.” The undying explained, “However, they can still fly about.”

“You can leave now.” Elder Si Fan Qi ordered.

“Yes.” The undying bowed and left.

Elder Si Fan Qi looked at the 3 boxes, easily using the space around to press down on them, simultaneously his formless undying energy swiftly opened the 3 alloy boxes. The 3 sector lords were all men.

“Howl…”

“Release me.”

“Why have you captured me?” The 3 all had different reactions.

However, when they felt the powerful auras from the group before them, confirming that more than half of them were undyings, they were all stunned.

“It’s very simple, I’m giving you a chance to live, as long…as you can defeat me.” Luo Feng looked at the 3, “Otherwise, there’s only death that awaits you.”

“Defeat you?”

Ge Si Li, Tan Bulin and Leide, the 3 sector lords were shocked as they looked at this domain lord level 9 youth.

“You are Luo Feng?”

“Luo Feng of the genius competition?”

“You say we have to defeat you?”

…

When the 3 initially saw the group of undyings, they had given up. However, upon hearing Luo Feng’s words, their fighting spirit lit up again. But, things were different once the battle truly began…

Within the hall, a 100m area was created by elder Si Fan Qi as a space prison.

“Chi!” Luo Feng’s hands were like incredibly sharp claws, piercing right through Bulin’s throat. The terrifying claw crossed and attacked, shattering Bulin’s core instantly. His eyes which were initially staring wide immediately lost their light.

“Hmph.” Luo Feng grabbed Bulin by his throat and casually flung him aside. The lifeless body flew like a stone and smashed into the space barrier, his bones breaking and blood splattering about.

Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with killing intent.

His bones were already filled with killing intent from before. Since he had also just witnessed countless people die in this mission, especially the trillions of normal civilians on the capital planet, it made his blood boil with rage.

“Last one.” Luo Feng turned.

Standing in the distance with a heavy expression was a 2.3m tall and sturdy man. He was the strongest of the 3 sector lords he had to kill personally, sector lord level 3 Leidi. Leide no longer had the initial condescending gaze against this youth. But, he had finally realized…the most pinnacle of geniuses from the universe, a domain lord level 9, could still easily kill a sector lord level 1 and 2 warrior!

“Your majesty Luo Feng, I’m not the same as them, I’m much stronger.” Leide who was binded by the space prison regained his movements.

“Also…”

His eyes flashed.

Xiu!

A formless spirit energy pierced straight into Luo feng’s mind.

“Hm?” Leide’s expression changed, his soul attack actually didn’t succeed!

Luo Feng stared at him coldly. By relying on his earth body against a sector lord level 3 spirit reader, he didn’t have much guarantee. According to the information, this sector lord spirit reader had quite the comprehension of origin laws, plus he had his own world, and the world energy to pressure Luo Feng…it was too much of a threat.

This was also the biggest test the Virtual Universe Company had given Luo Feng.

To prevent the boat from capsizing, Luo Feng had long made the mosha clansman change into a blade and stay in a resting room, along with his core lying within it.

As there was nothing holding him back, Luo Feng could truly go all out against the sector lord level 3 spirit reader.

“Along with void pagoda level 4, and my strong willpower and consciousness, it was actually successful in blocking this sector lord level 3 spirit reader’s soul attack… Great!” Luo Feng thought. The void pagoda was a defense mechanism against soul attacks. It had harsh requirements on one’s spirit energy and law comprehension. And Luo Feng’s law comprehension…

Was akin to a normal sector lord pinnacle warrior!

Luo Feng’s spirit energy amplitude reached over 3,200. Even many emperor level undyings weren’t that strong!

This allowed him to finally finish the 4th level of the void pagoda within these 50 years, constructed solid and sturdy!

One had to know, that when Hu Yan Bo died, he had the 6th level of the void pagoda!

The 4th level was already the limit of many sector lord pinnacle warriors! This 4th level would protect the soul, combined with one’s consciousness and willpower strength, it would get even stronger… naturally blocking this attack.

“You are stronger than them. Hence, you are worthy of me using the Nan Shen Armament.” Luo Feng looked at Leide, a dark golden long rod appearing behind him.

…

Looking within the space prison, the match between Luo Feng and Leide had started. One relied on his world projection to form a world, while the other used the Nan Shen Armament and origin laws to form a blade world. These two worlds clashed over and over.

“So strong. As a domain lord level 9, can he really kill a sector lord level 3. And this sector lord level 3 spirit reader isn’t like the weak fodder from before, his law comprehension is pretty high as well!” The gold armored elder Si Fan Qi’s expression changed. “The absolute geniuses of humanity sure are terrifying. No wonder humanity can stay in power for so long.”

“Elder, shall we invite Luo Feng to our home and build stronger bonds?”A short gold horn clansman that was like a steel block said seriously.

“Invite him over there?” Elder Si Fan Qi’s skin immediately glowed with silver light, a smile appearing on his rigid face.


Chapter 645: Creator of The Nan Shen Armament

“Look, his majesty Luo Feng is about to win.” Elder Si Fan qi smiled and looked within the space prison.

Within the prison.

Sector lord Lei De’s face was pierced. A powerful blade energy entered through his body and with a rumble, his body exploded open with blood spurting everywhere, smashing against the formless space barrier before falling on the ground.

“Phew.”

Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle before slowly descending. Staring at the mess, “This Lei De is only a sector lord level 3. I didn’t expect to find it so hard to kill him. Just in terms of strength, he should be about 10 times stronger than me.”

Domain lord level 9 to sector lord level 1 was a huge jump. The moment one reached sector lord level 1, he would have the world energy and his own internal world. Also, his strength would rise by over 10 times.

In pure strength alone.

Sector lord level 3 was about 4 times stronger than that of sector lord level 1.

All in all, in terms of pure strength, sector lord level 3 was tens of times that of a domain lord level 9! And Lei De’s origin law comprehension was almost at the heavenly bridge level 6! Luo Feng completely relied on his own comprehension being stronger, along with his shocking spirit amplitude to dominate his opponent and finally kill him.

“I’ve already used my full strength in law attacks, I didn’t expect him to force me to use 1,200 times my amplitude.” Luo Feng thought. “A small sector lord level 3 was able to reach heavenly bridge level 6 in comprehension. He’s not renowned or anything, but was just a very normal sector lord.”

“Training the origin laws at Sector lord level is indeed fast.”

“Rumble!”

The space prison crumbled and dispersed.

“Congratulations your majesty on your victory.” Elder Si Fan Qi walked over first and smiled as he said, “Your majesty is only at domain lord level 9 and yet, you actually managed to kill a sector lord level 3 spirit reader. This indeed is respectable, for humanity to be able to produce such an absolute genius like yourself, humanity will only get stronger in the future.”

Luo Feng smiled and simultaneously ordered mentally, “Babata, close the broadcast.”

“The moment your battle ended, I shut it off already.” Babata said.

Luo Feng couldn’t help it.

The difference between a living AI and a normal AI was…a living AI could make his own decisions! Of course he mainly didn’t disobey or go against Luo Feng’s basic orders.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” The armored youth Kashna asked, “How much of your strength did that sector lord level 3 punk make you use?”

“Kashna.” Elder Si Fan Qi roared softly, “Shut up.”

Kashna lowered his head.

As a sector lord, seeing Luo Feng, a domain lord level 9 kill a sector lord level 3, he naturally felt curious.

“Elder Si Fa Qi, Kashna’s question is nothing.” Luo Feng smiled indifferently, “This Lei De forced me to use half of my strength.”

“Half?”

Elder Si Fan Qi, Kashna and the others, even the undying Dylan were shocked.

Luo feng had already used the Nan Shen Armament blade world’s omnipresent level, and that still wasn’t his limit?

Luo Feng laughed within.

He had raised his spirit energy amplitude to 1,200 earlier, still halfway from his limit of 3,200. Plus his strongest flying weapon the Luo Fu Liu board! The moment he used that, his flying speed and flexibility etc would rise incredibly! However, the Luo Fu Liu was simply too valuable. It was the usual choice for official level undyings, Luo Feng didn’t want to take it out for this battle.

In summary..

During this battle, Luo Feng had used about 1/3 of his strength! Of course… this was only his earth body.

After a while.

Within the ceremony hall, a banquet had filled the table.

Luo Feng, Dylan, the 5 sector lord guards along with the 9th army leader stood there with human food laid out before them, a few peculiar fruits, meat dishes etc. On the other side, elder Si Fan Qi, the 7 official level undyings and Kashna had special alloys and materials laid out before them.

Just like how the golden horned beast ate mostly metal, different life forms enjoyed completely different foods.

“Elder Si Fan Qi, I’m really grateful for all your help this time. If it weren’t for you all including Mr Long Chi Er, killing Yao Hao and Jeffrey wouldn’t have been that easy.” Luo Feng lifted his wine glass, smiling, “Let me toast you all.”

“Your majesty is courteous.”

Elder Si Fan Qi and the other undyings of the pagoda Squadron all lifted their glasses, even Kashna did so.

“Mr Long Chi Er’s contribution was huge. However, it’s a pity he had to leave early.” Elder Si Fan Qi smiled and lifted his glass, drinking some very thick liquid. Luo Feng and the rest couldn’t drink after watching the scene, however elder Si Fan Qi and the others seemed to totally enjoy it.

“Your majesty.”

“Elder Si Fan Qi put down his glass and smiled, “After we are done eating, we’ll be returning to our home and race. Before that…I would like to humbly invite your majesty Luo Feng to head over to our Gold horn race’s dwelling place.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Head to where the Gold horn race live?

“Your majesty, our gold horn race is after all a huge race within the universe.” Elder Si Fan Qi said proudly. “We have an incredibly ancient history along with humanity, and also our own unique secrets. Even if we don’t talk about anything else, we can talk about the Nan Shen Armament your majesty uses.”

“Nan Shen Armament?” Luo Feng was curious, why did they mention this.

“The Nan Shen Armament is one of the 9 god weapons for the spirit reader.” Elder Si Fan Qi smiled. “Not just for humans, there are many races in the universe, as long as they walk the path of spirit readers, many use the Nan Shen Armament. A truly good invention will be used by many races in the universe.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Your Majesty should know that the creator of the Nan Shen Armament is the greatest doyen within the history of our gold horn race.” Elder Si Fan Qi said.

“Doyen?” Luo Feng was curious.

Doyen, what position was that in the gold horn race?

“Ah, your majesty may not have heard.” Elder Si Fan Qi laughed, “Our gold horn race is different from humanity. Humans govern on the universe country level. Our gold horn race however has 100s of thousands of tribes that compete amongst each other, and the ones that govern over all these tribes are the powerful Doyen institution! Only when one becomes a doyen would he be able to enter the institution.”

“What level of strength are the doyens?” Luo Feng asked.

The most pinnacle of beings in a race, what strength was that?

“One first has to become a universe knight to be able to become a doyen.” Elder Si Fan Qi’s eyes were filled with anticipation, “The doyens within the institution have all become universe knights.”

Luo Feng sucked in a cold breath.

There was only one universe knight in the entire Ganwu universe country…the Ganwu leader.

And the most pinnacle force of the gold horn clan was a group of doyens that were all universe knights.

“How many doyens are there in the gold horn race?” Luo Feng asked curiously.

“My apologies.” Elder Si Fan Qi shook his head, “The strength of any race will always be a secret. How many doyens the gold horn race has…even I, don’t have the answer, as this is one of the most guarded secrets.”

Luo Feng nodded.

It was normal.

If their trump cards were all revealed and they weren’t strong enough, the entire race would be eliminated.

“And the one who created the Nan Shen Armament is the greatest doyen in the history of our gold horn race, Xi Luo Duo!” Elder Si Fan Qi’s voice rose. As for the other 7 official level undyings and Kashna, their eyes all gleamed with pride and worship. “Xi Luo Duo, the great Xi Luo Duo! The eternal pride of our gold horn race…Xi Luo Duo!”

Elder Si Fan Qi and the other 9 members of the race were all extremely passionate in their worship.

Luo Feng could feel the strong passion within.

“Under the great leadership of Xi Luo Duo, our gold horn race managed to have a place in the universe.” Elder Si Fan Qi suddenly grew darker, “However, ever since Doyen Xi Luo Duo entered a terrifying universe secret region and hasn’t returned, our gold horn race position has fallen since.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

An entire race, its position fell because of the disappearance and death of a great leader? This could only mean that the leader was too strong, and the rest of the race’s power was too far away from this leader’s.

“After which, our gold horn race became the supporters of humanity.” Elder Si Fan Qi said, “With humanity’s help, we were able to acquire enough territory for our race to survive.”

Luo Feng sighed.

Xi Luo Duo?

Looks like…this was an absolute being that dominated the universe, and was someone much stronger than the Ganwu universe country leader. Otherwise, how could he support an entire race?

“Xi Luo Duo left a sacred tablet back then.” Elder Si Fan Qi said proudly. “This sacred tablet, is akin to your humanity’s primal chaos tablet.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Right.

Primal chaos city had a total of 52 primal chaos tablets. They were used to nurture the many generations of humanity’s absolute warriors. He didn’t expect the gold horn race to actually have a sacred tablet similar to the primal chaos tablets, and it was left behind by Xi Luo Duo.

“In our race, only the most exceptional geniuses have the right to go study it.” Elder Si Fan Qi exclaimed. “Over trillions of years, many of our undyings relied on it to breakthrough to undying. Even after Xi Luo Duo’s disappearance, he is still our race’s greatest being.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Without the sacred tablet Xi Luo duo left behind, the speed of which the gold horn race nurtured their warriors would probably be much slower.

“Your majesty, the Nan Shen Armament is a god weapon Xi Luo Duo created back then, and it is very suitable for sector lords.” Elder Si Fan Qi said. “And the inheritance of Xi Luo Duo, deepens the Nan Shen Armament. Over a trillion years, countless of our elites have studied the sacred tablet, yet most of them only understand a bit of it.”

“If your majesty heads over to our gold horn race, I will personally send a request to the doyens. If I get their approval, your majesty will be able to go study the sacred tablet.” Elder Si Fan Qi smiled at Luo Feng. “Since your majesty uses the Nan Shen Armament, you should be walking the path of space and gold laws. I believe that studying the tablet will greatly benefit you. Of course…this requires the doyen’s approval, and this is our race’s most sacred ground, I cannot say I have a hundred percent guarantee.”

Luo Feng was burning with excitement.

The 52 primal chaos tablets of primal chaos city had 2 laws mixed within them, and also those specialized in time, specialized in space, or even in both.

However…

There was no tablet specializing in Space and gold.

He didn’t expect the great being of another race to actually leave behind a sacred tablet that had that.

“Will your majesty be willing to head to where our gold horn race lives?” Elder Si Fan Qi smiled at Luo Feng.


Chapter 646: Laos World

“Haha, since there’s such a chance, I definitely have to go take a look.” Luo Feng laughed carefree, “And I’ve been using the Nan Shen Armament for so long, I never really known just who created it, I’m very respectful of doyen Xi Luo Duo.”

Elder Si Fan Qi along with the 7 official level undyings and Kashna all smiled happily when they heard that.

Xi Luo Duo was the most respected being in the gold horn race.

Once the celebrations ended.

“Elder Si Fan Qi, please arrange for me and we’ll leave together later.” Luo Feng got up and said.

“Haha, we are in no rush. Your majesty can go finish his business first.” The elder smiled.

Luo Feng nodded and turned, bringing with him the human faction group and leaving.

Walking in the pathway.

“9th army leader.” Luo feng walked and talked, “This mission is almost complete. The only thing that is pending is to kill the 12 that had escaped. Hence, I would like to ask for you to arrange for a group of universe soldiers, work with the information system department and continue to chase and kill the 12. I hope we can kill them successfully within 1 year.”

“Definitely.” The tall and skinny 9th army leader nodded, “If there are no other matters, I’ll be returning to the army.”

“Ok.”

Luo Feng smiled, “I’m really grateful for your leadership and assistance this time.”

“No problem. The only thing was I suffered heavy losses from my 30 groups.” He shook his head. “Luckily I only lost 2 undyings. Hence, the foundation is still there, otherwise I’d be in big trouble.” The most important members of the army were the very few undyings. The loss of the large number of universe level soldiers on the other hand weren’t considered heavy.

On the battlefield, universe level were considered cannon fodders.

This was hard to blame…because even if they don’t die on the battlefield, these universe level soldiers only had about 100,000 years in their life span! An eternal undying however…he could progress through the ages, helping the race get stronger and stronger. The only thing was the path to undying was too harsh and difficult.

Becoming an undying was too difficult!

They only lost 2 undyings this time. If they had lost over 10 of them, the 9th army leader would definitely be fired.

Watching the army leader leave, Luo Feng turned to Dylan, “Dylan, I’ll be troubling you to follow me to the gold horn race home.”

“Haha, your majesty, I’ve never gone to such a place before.” Dylan’s eyes gleamed with curiosity. “Another race, this is a race completely different from humanity! To be able to survive and pass down for countless years in the universe…such a race would definitely have its own unique culture and traditions. It’s definitely worth seeing. And the name Xi Luo Duo, I’ve heard of him before. He was a truly powerful being in the universe.”

Luo Feng nodded.

What a joke.

There were trillions of races in the universe, and among them were countless that created spirit reader weapons, but finally humanity picked a few and named them the 9 godly weapons. Obviously every one of them had incredibly deep construction…unlike the spirit weapons normal people could create, the 9 godly weapons were first extremely powerful and also suitable for many people to use.

Of course…the most suitable spirit weapon would undoubtedly be the one that one had been created for himself.

Only when one does that would that truly be suitable.

…

Once Luo Feng settled his business, he placed the Mosha clansman back in the internal world, leaving the core within the human body. After which, he brought Dylan, the 5 sector lord guards and the gold horn pagoda squadron into the Yun Mo planet ship, while heading towards their home.

…

Within the dark universe.

The Yun Mo planet ship was progressing at 50 times light speed.

“I didn’t expect your home to actually be within the Ganwu universe country.” Luo Feng was very shocked, sitting opposite to elder Si Fan Qi and drinking some specialty drinks. The elder said, “In the universe, humanity is one of the pinnacle races. There are many other races that support humanity and thus survive. Since they are subservient to humanity, for safety, naturally they live within their territory. They will use one of humanity’s secret regions and create their own vast continents, becoming their place of living.”

Luo Feng nodded.

According to what the elder had said earlier, the place where they lived was at the side regions of the Ganwu universe country, in a secret region that was rather dangerous.

“Living within the universe secret region, hm.” Luo Feng muttered, “I wonder just how many supporting races there are.”

“That’s a secret.” The elder smiled. “There are definitely many other races supporting humanity. At least in numbers…only the upper echelon of humanity would know the exact figures. And during war, these races are also beneficial weapons.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Weapons?

Humanity could really be using many of these races as cannon fodder, leaving many tedious tasks to them! For example, killing Yao Hai and Jeffrey…the two of them were secretly working for another pinnacle race…the bug clan, helping humanity this way may attract the invasion of the bug clan.

Hence for cautiousness, they let the gold horn clan do it instead.

“They risk their lives in such dangerous tasks, aren’t I the same?” Luo Feng thought. No matter how much of a genius he was, he would still need to accept and do dangerous missions. This was the tradition of the Virtual Universe Company over countless years, and it wouldn’t change just for one.

The distance from Red dawn planet towards the side regions of the Ganwu universe country’s gold horn race home was pretty far, about 1.2 hundred million light years.

Even in the Yun Mo planet ship, with 50 times light speed, it still took close to 3 months.

…

1 month later.

Within the main resting quarters of the Yun Mo planet ship, Luo Feng sat crossed legged. He sent his consciousness into the virtual universe network, entering his villa within the primal region.

“Envoy, we’ve already killed 7 of the 12 targets, there’s another 5 on the run.” On the screen, the 9th army leader reported.

“Another 5?”

Luo Feng’s expression changed. “It’s been a month, it’s been over a month since the mission started! These 12 all fled from the same planet back then, killing them was the easiest back then. But the moment they flee for over a month, it would be troublesome to find them later on.”

“I understand that as well.” The 9th army leader reported. “However envoy…the information system is a very powerful department of the Virtual Universe Company. They have many other missions to attend to, they can at most send a few investigators into several life planets and help look out for the 12 targets. Doing so is already not bad. They cannot possibly chase every tail or lead, going to some desolate mineral planet etc.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“I can only do my best.” The 9th army leader said. “There’s still a long time from the limit of the mission. We can only hope that the remaining 5 cannot take the loneliness and return to a human life planet. When that happens, the information system will swiftly discover them.”

“We can only hope.” Luo Feng sighed.

This mission, everything else was done exceptionally.

Only the complete killing of the 1.2 hundred million had a problem. With that, the mission would only be 85% completed.

“It’ll depend on luck.” Luo Feng didn’t think about it anymore, returning to reality and beginning his training.

…

Time flowed on.

In the blink of an eye, the ship had been flying for over 3 months.

“Luo Feng, we’ve arrived at the destination. Within a minute we’ll begin universe travel.” Babata’s clear and childish voice resounded within the quarters.

Luo Feng who sat crossed legged opened his eyes.

“Still not completed!” Luo feng cursed.

Long before the receiving the mission, his internal world had already reached the pinnacle of the domain lord level 9. A point where it could breakthrough at any point! However…this breakthrough had some lee way. The faster ones would breakthrough soon after reaching that point, the slower ones on the other hand would have to wait for decades.

“Sector lord level!”

“The moment I step into sector lord level, I can train the 10,000 Soul control technique, and after that I can truly control the bug clan mother nest.”

“The moment I enter sector lord level, my consciousness can access the universe energies and my law comprehension speed will rise dramatically.”

“The moment I enter sector lord level, I’ll have the opportunity to create a third clone.”

“The moment I enter sector lord level, my internal world will change at its foundation, and special energies will be produced.”

Luo Feng was anxious.

He could not help but worry. As the pinnacle matured form of the golden horned beast, once he reached the sector lord level, his golden horned beast would truly be matured.

However, right now, standing at the entrance of it, it seemed like he could breakthrough at any time, yet it hasn’t happened. He felt very helpless.

“Being anxious and impatient won’t help.” Luo Feng suddenly got up. “Me stepping into the sector lord level is akin to a carp turning into a dragon. There’ll be evolution in many areas. Whether it’s controlling the mother nest, or the 3rd clone, they will all have an extremely important effect on my growth.”

Bug clan, they were also a pinnacle race. To be able to control a mother nest…it definitely wouldn’t be weaker than having a powerful army.

And the final clone, this to Luo Feng was the most important.

Having tasted the power of having more bodies, Luo Feng was very clear that this 3rd chance of creating a clone, if he didn’t use it well, it would be a waste. However, if used well…it could completely become a heavenly thing.

…

Hua!

The gold door opened.

Luo Feng headed out and the doors automatically opened, very quickly, he reached the control room.

There was already a group gathered there.

“Your majesty, the ship has just entered universe travel.” Elder Si Fan Qi smiled and pointed at the world outside. “Look, that is our gold horn race home.”

Luo Feng looked up.

In the endless space outside, there was a vast continent floating there. This continent was enormous…Luo Feng, who was standing in the Yun Mo planet ship couldn’t see the end of it.

“Countless years ago, our entire gold horn race moved here. Back then countless sector lords used their constructing world energy to create large pieces of worlds. 10,000 tribes worth of countless sector lords working together, and in an instant they created a continent of over a hundred million km. Large amounts of undying created large amounts of continents within their god counties and moved it into the universe, hence they are all gathered together. And the doyens destroyed the space debris all around us, allowing free space about without any obstruction.” Elder Si Fan Qi’s eyes were filled with a peculiar glow, “Hence, we’ve had our own vast world for our race to survive for trillions of years…Laos world!”


Chapter 647: 10,000 Tribes

Luo Feng went silent.

Looking at the endless vast world in the space outside, he felt shock within! All he could imagine was…the universe knight doyens of the gold horn race destroying all the debris, creating a vast enough space. Countless undyings constructing continents within their own god countries, and an even larger amount of sector lords all building the world, all working together, resulting in this vast continent.

What level of spirit was this?

“Elder Si Fan Qi, how big is Laos World?” Luo Feng asked.

“The ground is 300 billion km thick, the diameter of the world is 2.1 light years.” The elder said with pride.

“Why doesn’t the world separate?” Luo Feng asked.

It wasn’t such that with enough continents put together, they could form this enormous continent. It was just like how an incredibly huge planet could crumble and form a black hole. Even though the universe laws weren’t exactly as solidified in the secret regions, it still wasn’t as simple as just building something.

“Laos World, it’s also a weapon.” Elder Si Fan Qi smiled, “Actually you should have seen such large continents in the universe, like your Virtual Universe Company’s headquarters.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“These supercontinents, especially those normally found in large pieces of space, they are all constructed. They aren’t naturally formed.” The elder said, “As for the secret regions…there’s all sorts of wonders in there, you’d occasionally see huge continents. However to actually build a supercontinent…it’s very troublesome.”

“Hence!”

“A very normal way in the universe is to build a continent like building a weapon. This results in the continent being extremely stable and lasting for eternity.” The elder laughed. “In theory, the countless sector lords working together back then from the 10,000 tribes could have build an enormous continent themselves. Why did the undyings have to show up? It’s because the weapon required it.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

The technique to create weapons, that was what made the construct of the continent stable?

The Yun Mo planet ship continued towards Laos world.

“Di.”

“Confirm authorization.” A signal was sent straight to the Yun Mo planet ship.

Luo Feng looked at the details of the signal above the control board, turning to look at Elder Si Fan Qi, he smiled and said, “No problem, let me.”

Shua!

Elder Si Fan Qi vanished from within the Yun Mo planet ship and appeared outside, releasing undying energy that permeated into the continent of Laos world.

“Teleportation is truly powerful, no ships or anything can stop him.” Luo Feng exclaimed. “Even with a ship with it’s powerful defense, against teleportation, its nothing.”

“Unless that ship can block space ripples.” Dylan said softly.

Shua!

Elder Si Fan Qi appeared back within the control room.

“We can now enter Laos world without getting attacked.” Elder Si Fan Qi smiled. “If we were taking our ship from before, that’s within the security system, it wouldn’t be that troublesome. However, that ship’s speed is far from your majesty’s. When the mission was first given to us, we travelled in the dark universe for close to a year.”

Luo Feng smiled.

Even Hu Yan Bo’s Yun mo planet ship back then wasn’t as fast as the current ship. This version was upgraded by the Virtual Universe Company. Hence, it could reach such speeds.

This technology and skill was secret within humanity itself.

Much less the subservient races.

…

The Yun Mo planet ship entered Laos world and continued to fly about.

Looking through the ship, Luo Feng could see the large fields of grass, forests, mountain ranges, rivers, and oceans. What was even more incredible however was the ice and snow worlds! Most regions had very low temperatures, even the surface was mostly covered in thick layers of snow.

“As our gold horn race people prefer lower temperatures than humanity, the world we built had this in consideration.” Elder Si Fan Qi stood by the control board and looked down through the external simulator, it was almost like they were standing in mid air looking down.

“That’s the Qiang Yan tribe, a middle level tribe with about 10 undyings.” The elder pointed at a community of buildings and castles below.

“Middle level tribe?” Luo Feng asked curiously, “Then the pagoda…”

“Upper level tribe!” Kashna said proudly behind Luo Feng. “Your majesty, our Pagoda tribe is a powerful upper level tribe. Much stronger than the Qiang Yan tribe. Our tribe has two emperor level undyings, and they probably don’t even have one emperor level.”

Luo Feng inhaled a cold breath when he heard that.

He had heard of the 10,000 tribes earlier.

Just one tribe alone could be that strong? As for 10,000 tribes, how powerful was that?

“The overall distribution of the tribes, how is it?” Luo Feng asked.

“When we moved over a trillion years ago, we had 10,000 tribes.” The elder smiled. “As for now, we are not really sure. However some tribes have dispersed while new ones have formed, and Laos world is simply too huge, we are not sure. As for the level distribution…the tribes have lower level, mid, upper level and the highest doyen tribe.

“Doyen tribe?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, “There’s a tribe for doyens?”

“No.”

The elder said, “The top 10 tribes in Laos world have the right to gain this title. And as only the top 10 have this right, over a trillion years, it’s always been 10. All of these 10…all have a doyen stationed there from the institution. This is also the special privilege of being a doyen tribe.”

Luo Feng was shocked, Dylan was shocked too.

This meant…

There were at least 10 doyens!

“I never expected such a powerful force to be present, not from the Ganwu universe country’s side, but rather a race hidden within a secret region.” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Haha, shocked?” The elder shook his head. “There’s nothing to be shocked about, the true strength of humanity is the Virtual Universe Company, the Huge Axe dojo, the universe 1st bank, the universe galaxy bank and the universe mercenary alliance, the 5 leviathans. As for the 1,008 universe countries…they are only tools for governing the normal people. Humans…the reason they are a pinnacle race is because they have absolute powerful force.”

Luo Feng nodded.

There was no doubt about this, to occupy a primal universe, what joke was that?

To have so many subservient races, naturally they could dominate over them.

The Yun Mo planet ship flew high in the skies over large mountains, over ice oceans, and after about 10 days, it finally landed.

It had reached the Pagoda Tribe!

…

That night, the pagoda tribe organized a ceremony for Luo feng and specially prepared the food humans liked.

“Your majesty Luo Feng of humanity, let me toast you.”

“Thanks.”

Luo Feng lifted his glass and drank with the large amounts of undyings around, looking at the members around, he was shocked within.

From their chats, he had found out that the pagoda tribe had two emperor level undyings, (The tribe leader and Si Fan Qi), 12 official level undyings, hundreds of normal undyings, tens of thousands of sector lords, a million domain lords and over ten million universe levels. The entire tribe population however was only about 1 billion. Not even that of the chinese.

One tribe, with 1 billion people, yet over ten millions of them were at universe level.

“This race sure has a huge difference from humanity.” Luo Feng was shocked within.

“Surprised that we have so many strong warriors?” Elder Si Fan Qi sat before Luo feng and smiled. “Every human friend we bring over is surprised by this. However you can imagine, the population of humanity and their reproduction ability, just how shocking it is. And our race’s population is just that few.”

The upper level tribe only has 1 billion.

As for the 10,000 tribes, how many would that make?

Any galaxy of humanity would far exceed them. Just one universe country alone had over a hundred million galaxies.

“The universe is fair.” The elder said. “Those high in population, their strong proportion is small. Those small in population have a high proportion of strong. Just like the upper level space beasts, they are all sector lords at maturity, and some even have heavenly natural abilities! Like the bug clan mother nest, they are pitiful in numbers, yet all of them are incredibly strong. And your humanity has huge territories, hence the number of geniuses and strong warriors far exceed our race.”

“Territories?” Luo Feng was curious.

“Luo Feng.” A powerful voice resounded, a man covered in green, almost like steel.

“Tribe leader.” Luo Feng quickly stood up.

“I’ve already written a personal letter. In just a moment, elder Si Fan Qi will take it with you and head towards the Sacred city.” The leader’s voice was like lightning, booming and powerful. “Without tribe’s request and elder Si Fan Qi personally going there, the doyens stationed at the sacred city would not let you in and let you study the sacred tablet.”

“Thank you so much.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Haha…you are a friend of our pagoda tribe, there’s no need for thanks.” The leader laughed.

Luo Feng smiled and toasted.

…

The entire pagoda tribe was incredibly passionate and respectful of the humans that come to their tribe! As normal humans didn’t have the right to come here, those that were invited, if they weren’t absolute geniuses, they would have powerful backgrounds or are true upper echelon figures.

After staying in the pagoda tribe for 2 days.

Luo Feng, Dylan, the 5 sector lords and elder Si Fan Qi, along with the disciple of the tribe leader who joined for fun along with Kashna, all sat in the Yun Mo planet ship and headed towards the sacred city.

“The sacred city is the core and sacred land of our gold horn race.” The elder explained. “There, the most exceptional geniuses of our gold horn race are all gathered. The competition between the strong and geniuses there is intense…there are so many strong warriors opening sects and accepting disciples there.”

“And the sacred tablet is within the most core area of the city. The elder said “The sects within the sacred city all belong to the family of the great Xi Luo Duo’s.”

Sou!

The Yun Mo planet ship flashed through the sky and swiftly headed towards the core of the sacred city.


Chapter 648: Space Beast

After leaving Pagoda tribe, they had been flying at light speed. With the Yun Mo planet ship’s advanced technology, it was still easy for them to see and record everything that happened outside. Luo Feng, Dylan and the rest of them gained profound understanding of the culture of the race.

On the 18th day of flight, they were just about to reach the sacred city.

“On our way here, we frequently saw battles and killings below, what’s going on?” Luo Feng came out of his resting quarters. While looking through some footage, he asked elder Si Fan Qi curiously.

“Our race’s rules are such that, as long as one reaches universe level, he’d have to leave the tribe and wander about, either training outside for a thousand years, or reaching domain lord level before they can return to the tribe.” Elder Si Fa Qi said. “And wandering outside, battles and killings are very normal.”

“They aren’t forbidden?” Luo Feng asked.

The race originally had a smaller population to begin with.

“Why forbid it? The strong have to be trained through battles.” Elder Si Fan Qi said indifferently. “What’s more, only after becoming an undying will one be able to stand at the pinnacle of the race. Otherwise, those with short life spans, the normal race people that cannot become absolute warriors…they are useless to the survival of the race.”

“Your majesty, look, ahead it is the sacred city.” Elder Si Fan Qi said.

The Yun Mo planet ship slowed down.

Luo Feng looked down. There was an incredibly majestic old city that stood amidst the wilderness. This city had a diameter of 100,000 km, and its most dazzling feature was a pure golden statue that reached up to 10,000 km in height. Even from the ship, Luo Feng could see it clearly.

The ship descended.

As the cabin door opened, Luo Feng, Dylan, the 5 sector lords, Kashna and elder Si Fan Qi all got off, after which Luo Feng kept his ship.

“Do you see that statue?” The elder pointed at the most dazzling pure golden statue in the city. “That’s Xi Luo Duo! The great Xi Luo Duo! At any point in time, there will always be countless warriors rushing over to pay their respects to this place. The entire statue is 12,319 km tall, the legs alone are 1,622km.”

Luo Feng nodded, feeling excitement within.

A being able to make an entire race worship for countless years.

“Let’s enter the city.” The elder smiled. “Your majesty must remember one point, as the sacred city is a special place and countless geniuses of our gold horn race are gathered here, these are the future of our race. Hence…killing is forbidden in the city, one has to go outside to the huge arena if they want to kill.”

Luo Feng and the group entered the ancient sacred city.

There were many residents within.

“Xi Luo Duo.” Luo Feng stood in the plaza, looking up at the huge golden statue. Its eyes seemed to encompass the endless universe itself, but without a sense of strictness or force. Rather, there was a calm tranquility. No matter how impatient one was, as long as he looked at the statue, his troubles would disappear.

“Even though I’m not looking at the real person, just from this statue…. it’s no wonder he could lead an entire race within the vast universe.”

Just as Luo Feng was recalling the achievements of this great being of the gold horn race, many of the clansman in the plaza all looked over curiously and shocked at Luo Feng’s group.

“Look, humans.”

“Humans.”

“I smelt the blood and flesh from the blood and flesh life forms, however they don’t have any life imprint on them.”

The disturbance go bigger and bigger.

More and more of the gold horn clansmen discovered the humans. It was rare to see humans in Laos World, however one would occasionally see some invited humans here at the sacred city. Those that do come over were exceptional.

“Hm?” Luo Feng noticed he was being watched.

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes, your majesty.” The group complied.

Suddenly…

“Human, you are only domain lord level 9 and you actually dare come to our gold horn race sacred city. You must be one of the absolute geniuses of humanity. I…Kanoen challenge you!” A gold statue like youth with completely dark red skin and a dark golden long rod on his back roared at Luo Feng.

“Challenge?” Luo Feng looked at this youth.

This youth was also domain lord level 9.

“Your majesty needn’t bother.” Elder Si Fan Qi said as he stood beside Luo Feng. “As there are indeed many humans that come to the sacred city, of which many are absolute geniuses, there’ve been competitions between the geniuses of humanity versus our race’s geniuses. And there have been many stories, hence many of the younger generations like to challenge the human geniuses when they see them. However, your majesty needn’t bother about them and they won’t dare chase you.”

After the elder finished speaking, he sent out ripples of formless undying energy.

It caused the group of gold horn clansman to jump away in shock.

“Hmph!”

Elder Si Fan Qi snorted coldly, no one dared stop them anymore, he smiled and said, “Let’s go visit the doyen in the palace.”

Immediately, Luo Feng and the group left the plaza amidst the countless gazes.

“Humans.”

“There are humans in the sacred city, the leader is a domain lord level 9.”

“Must be a genius of humanity.”

“An absolute genius of humanity has come to the sacred city.”

The news spread swiftly like a whirlwind throughout the entire sacred city. There gathered all of the geniuses from the 10,000 tribes of the gold horn race. These geniuses all had a competitive spirit…once they knew an absolute genius of humanity had come to the city, a sort of pride in their race made them all get excited and riled up, all wanting to look for the human to challenge him.

Luo feng and the group however had already arrived at the doyen palace.

“This, this…”

Luo Feng stared wide eyed in the distance.

“This, how can this be…it’s impossible!” Arriving at the gold horn race home…Laos world, this was the first time Luo Feng was this shocked.

“Your majesty?” The elder, Kashna were both shocked at how Luo Feng, who had always been calm and collected had lost his composure.

In the distance, there was a majestic palace amidst the continuous mountain range, the palace was completely dark gold, over 1,000 km tall, the area it took up was close to 10,000 km. This palace… with Luo Feng’s vision, was nothing compared to the extravagant palaces he had seen before, hence he wasn’t shocked by it.

However at the entrance of this palace, there was a close to 1 km thick black star chain.

This black star chain was 1 km thick, its length stretched close to 10,000 km, its links pierced right through a completely green 620 km tall, gorilla like peculiar beast’s bones and muscles, the beast squatted there, like a majestic mountain, not much shorter than the palace beside it.

“Space, space…” Luo Feng stared wide eyed, shuddering within,”Space beast!!!”

1st time!

Since he had possessed the golden horned beast, even though he had seen much of the universe and experienced much, he had never seen a 2nd space beast, not even a corpse, much less a living space beast! This was the first time he saw another space beast.

However, this space beast was completely subdued with the black star chain piercing through its body.

“Haha…” Elder Si Fan Qi laughed, “Your majesty is shocked at the space beast, haha, this space beast is one of the 12 pinnacle bloodlines of the space beast, the Hui Suo beast, sector lord pinnacle. Even though it’s only at the sector lord pinnacle level, its true strength makes it so that many normal undyings aren’t even a match for it, it’s terrifying.”

Luo Feng stared at the beast that was bound like a pet, feeling the anguish and pain it emanated.

“How long has it been?” Luo Feng asked.

“How long what?” The elder was stunned.

“How long has this space beast been captured?” Luo Feng asked solemnly.

“About 20 million years.” The elder exclaimed, “The space beast’s life span is long, our gold horn race’s sector lord life space is only about 1,000 eras, this space beast however is ten times that.”

“Why is it bound?” Luo Feng asked.

The elder felt like Luo Feng’s tone wasn’t quite right, “This space beast was captured by a doyen back then, however it refused to submit. What level of position is a doyen? A sector lord pinnacle space beast is useless to it, however it’s extremely rare, hence he captured it.”

“Right, doyens are universe knights, naturally they won’t care about a space beast.” Luo Feng said.

“However, this space beast is very obstinate, it refused to submit, back then it even madly howled and we could hear it frequently, it struggled so hard till its body was injured and its veins, fur etc were damaged.” Elder Si Fan Qi exclaimed, “It’s bound by its life core and body, hence no matter how it struggles, it’s useless. Over time…it naturally gave up. However it still refuses to submit, the doyen had said…whenever it submits will be the time to undo the chains.”

Luo Feng shuddered when he heard.

The space beasts were very proud.

Just like back when he possessed the golden horned beast, it was incredibly proud, high above, killing humans like hunting sport. Maybe it was ferocious, vicious, however this was its innate disposition, it was born like that! To make one submit was too hard.

“Is this the first time your majesty is seeing a space beast?” Elder Si Fan Qi asked, “This Hui Suo’s is incredibly powerful, sector lord pinnacle and able to defeat normal undyings, shall I introduce to you it’s origins?”

Luo Feng didn’t say a word.

He knew much more than Si Fan Qi.

Hui Suo space beast, one of the 12 pinnacle bloodlines of the space beast, it stood beside the golden horned beast! However it wasn’t a swallowing type beast.

It was a thunder and time space beast.

It was naturally sly and vicious.

It only had 1 natural ability…Time stop!

Even though it was just one ability, its power was unimaginable.

Combined with its innate slyness and vicious character, the time stop ability made the battle strength and fleeing ability of the beast shocking. It could completely stand beside the golden horned beast and the Flaming star beast.


Chapter 649: Outside the Palace

Luo Feng looked at the distant Hui Suo beast squatting there. In his mind, the scene of the 10 billion humans and 300,000 universe soldiers instantly being reduced to ashes appeared. “Fate, this is fate. The weak are fated to become slaves, no matter how unyielding.”

“The strong!”

“As long as I become strong, I will be able to control my fate.” Luo Feng stared hard at that beast, wanting to carve that image into his memory.

If one day he had to use his golden horned beast body and some absolute being were to capture him, he would probably be used as a pet too.

“I cannot allow that!” Luo Feng thought.

“Your majesty, please stay here. I will take the letter from the tribe leader to see the doyen and report to him the details. If he agrees, your majesty would be able to enter the sacred land to study the sacred tablet.” Elder Si Fan Qi smiled.

Luo Feng took a deep breath and smiled, “Elder Si Fan Qi, thanks.”

“Haha.”

The elder turned and smiled at Kashna. “Kashna, stay beside his majesty and don’t go running around.”

“Yes teacher.” Even though Kashna said so, his eyes were lingering on that huge Hui Suo beast.

The elder shook his head and became a beam of golden light that swiftly flew towards the doyen palace. He then stood outside for awhile before entering.

Luo Feng and the group stood at the foot of the mountain.

“Are you interested in the Hui Suo beast?” Luo Feng looked at Kashna.

“Hm.” Kashna nodded, laughing. “The Hui Suo beast is able to defeat normal undyings with its sector lord pinnacle strength, it’s very powerful. It’s also the only space beast in the entire Laos World. If I don’t observe it well now, once it dies, I won’t have the chance anymore.”

“Then go closer and take a look.” Luo Feng said.

“Ah…” Kashna was stunned.

Luo Feng however brought Dylan and the group, heading towards the beast.

…

After awhile.

They stood in an empty plot of land. Ahead were several guards that surrounded the Hui Suo beast and stood guard.

“Human, please do not proceed any further. Otherwise, you will be attacked by the locking technique that binds this area.” A man in gold armor with a emblem on it said. Since he was speaking to a human, his attitude was extremely friendly.

“Locking technique?”

Luo Feng looked over.

About 1,000km around the Hui Suo beast, there were peculiar engravings, complex engravings that were carved deep into the side regions, almost like a drawn prison.

“What complex space engravings.” Luo Feng frowned.

The Hui Suo beast was 620km tall even when squatting. The huge beast however was trapped within a 1,000km area prison. This was akin to a human trapped in a prison with a diameter of 2 to 3 meters, which was extremely uncomfortable. However, because of the black star chains and the locking techniques, it couldn’t get out.

“Fresh blood and fur.” Luo Feng looked at the dried black blood stains in the vicinity, along with the torn up fur beside them. These were obvious signs of the Hui Suo beast’s struggle from before.

“Hm?”

“Fur and blood stains?” Luo Feng thought.

“This beast is at the sector lord pinnacle level. Then, if I were to acquire its fur, when I reach sector lord level, won’t I be able to produce a Hui Suo Beast clone? Many thoughts immediately appeared within Luo Feng’s mind. He was calculating if this move was worth it.

As he only had one internal world, this natural ability was using the internal world to clone.

And, he was set to only have at most 3 clones.

Even if he made another golden horned beast, as there wasn’t another internal world…hence he couldn’t produce another 3 clones. Thinking about it simply, one would immediately understand, if another golden horned beast clone meant having 3 more clones, then that way, the number of clones he would have would be ridiculous. Hence this wasn’t realistic at all.

The Hui Suo beast only had one technique.

Natural ability…time stop.

This technique was somewhat similar to the golden horned beast’s strengthen! Both techniques that were naturally triggered from the engravings on their surface. As it had nothing to do with their internal worlds… the moment Luo feng had a Hui Suo beast clone, he would be able to unleash this heavenly technique.

“This even goes against the natural order of things.”

“Time stop, it’s definitely a very terrifying ability. Whether its attack or fleeing, it’s extremely useful.” The more Luo Feng thought about it the more he was anxious. If he were to suddenly unleash this move in battle he could use the chance to kill his opponent.

What level of strength was this technique?

Of course these natural abilities weren’t invincible, like if a universe level Hui Suo beast were to use its time stop, it couldn’t stop the time flow of a sector lord warrior. This move wasn’t invincible, it was just incredibly strong. Stronger than Luo Feng’s strengthen.

“My current strength isn’t enough, and my experiences aren’t enough either. I may have a better choice in the future.” Luo Feng looked at the mountain like beast locked there. “However, if I can acquire its fur and keep it just in case! After I experience more in the future, I can pick the most suitable one after.”

“However, I have no way in.”

Luo Feng frowned.

He was only domain lord level 9 now. He definitely wouldn’t make his decision immediately. If he picked the Hui Suo beast immediately and encounter some miraculous encounter in the future that would be even more suitable, wouldn’t he regret it? Back then in Blood River world, he had seen that beast god, from then he was very clear…

There were many special life forms in the universe, and there were even some in his inherited memories.

These life forms were extremely rare and few.

Some were destined to be the only one in the universe when born. Not enough to even be a race. However some powerful life forms, like the beast god, their strength far exceeded the sector lord level. And the clones that Luo Feng could produce, could never exceed his main body. It could at most reach sector lord pinnacle.

He could do clones, yet only a few of them.

Now he was only left with the final slot!

The moment he wasted it, he would never get another chance.

“I’ll just wait.”

“I’ll wait till I reach sector lord pinnacle, or discover a surprise that would definitely not make me regret.” Luo Feng thought.

…

“Hm?”

Luo Feng suddenly felt noise from behind him. He couldn’t help but turn and look. Through the mountain path, a bustling crowd of hundreds of gold horn race youths walked over. This group of youths…with Luo feng’s sense, he could feel that they were all mostly domain lord level 9.

“The human genius is there.”

“Standing there.”

“Domain lord level 9 genius!”

“90 million years ago, Si Tong once defeated a visiting human genius.”

The group of gold horn youths were all completely surrounded by a sense of pride, and all of them were anxious and hoping to defeat a human genius! In history, any human that visited were all very intrepid, almost all of the battles were won by the humans.

However, there were still few instances in which the gold horn race won. The moment they did, their fame would skyrocket and their story would be passed on for a very long time.

As the gold horn race was subservient to humanity, being subservient for countless years against the humans, they naturally always felt inferior within! This internal tag within made them feel extremely proud whenever one of their geniuses was able to win over a human genius.

Race glory!

In face of this glory, they weren’t afraid of death!

As long as they succeeded!

Then their name would be very well known, even more so than an undying!

“Human genius, I, Jia Ai challenge you. If you have the guts, you will accept my challenge!”

“Human genius, I, Bu Kang Duo challenge you.”

The group of gold horn race youths all issued their challenges, even the youths that weren’t getting along with each other. All of them were from different tribes, with green, red, white, purple skins, however they all had a gold imprint on their foreheads.

Fighting spirit! And Hope!

The hundreds of youth looked at Luo Feng, their eyes were all filled with hope, hope for a battle with Luo Feng!

To be able to battle with a human genius was an extremely rare occurrence. Firstly, the human geniuses that came were rare, and it was mostly sector lord geniuses. Hence, it was very rare to meet a domain lord level 9 genius. Even if one really came…some human geniuses that felt weaker wouldn’t even accept the challenges.

To challenge, to get incredible glory!

The battle had to be very fair!

The inferior tag within, made the gold horn race people even more harsh on their quest for fairness! If the human genius was domain lord level 9, then the challenger must be a domain lord level 9! Even if one was domain lord level 7 or 8, they definitely wouldn’t even show up…not even a sector lord level 1. This was a disgrace to them!

“Your majesty.” Dylan smiled at Luo Feng.

“So many have come to challenge.” Luo Feng shook his head and smiled helplessly.

This was definitely a surprise.

“Please accept my challenge.”

“Human genius, please accept my challenge.” The group all spoke precise human universe language. Afterall, with their consciousness at this level, they would only take awhile to learn the language.

…

Luo Feng and his group were surrounded by the group of youths. And as time passed, more and more youth geniuses rushed over, some to challenge, some simply to spectate. This way, very quickly thousands had arrived there.

“What are all of you doing? Why are you gathering before my leader doyen’s palace?” A thick raging voice boomed.

Luo Feng turned.

The thousands of gold horn youths turned too.

In the distance, in the spacious pathway of the dark gold palace, a 3m tall black skinned youth with green armor carrying a dark golden long rod, leading a large group of palace guards rushed over angrily, simultaneously roaring, “This is an important place of the palace. How dare you make a ruckus here, get them out of here!”

“Yes!” A group of sector lord pinnacle palace guards complied.

“Commander, over there are some humans.” Suddenly one of the guards said softly to the black skinned intrepid youth.


Chapter 650: Opportunity

“Humans?” The black skinned youth’s gaze landed on Luo Feng, quickly confirming they were humans.

“You are the leader?”

The black skinned youth was shocked as he saw Luo Feng. From the way they stood, he could see that Luo Feng was standing right in front, the undying Dylan stood at the side and the 5 sector lords and Kashna stood behind.

“How do you do.” Luo Feng smiled at him.

“Haha…” That threatening intrepid youth revealed a smile, and his gaze landed on the youths around. “I understand now, no wonder you are all gathered here. Ah, Jia Ai, you are here too. Haha…looks like everyone wants to challenge the human genius.”

This black skinned youth that looked like steel stared at Luo Feng. “Human, I, Bei Chuang of the Doyen palace, officially challenge you!”

“This Bei Chuang sure is disgusting.”

“Bei Chuang receives guidance from the doyen palace, he’s very strong.”

The thousands of gold horn race youths were discussing.

“Bei Chuang?” Luo Feng looked at the youth. From one look, he could tell this youth was indeed domain lord level 9.

“Please accept my challenge.” The black skinned youth’s eyes were like lightning, almost like they wanted to eat Luo Feng up, staring straight at him.

Luo Feng shook his head and smiled, he was about to reject him when he saw the distant thousands of gold horn race youths, thinking suddenly, “Doyen palace? Hm, looks like my human status has indeed riled up many geniuses to challenge me. This never ending challenges, I should simply accept one and display my strength, at least the weaker ones won’t disturb me.”

“Please accept my challenge!” The intrepid youth roared again.

“I’ll accept it but…you have to agree to one condition.” Luo feng looked at him.

The youth Bei Chuang was stunned, after which he revealed a look of glee. Staring at Luo Feng, “Speak, what’s your condition?”

“I heard the other guards before submit to your order, you should have a pretty high position in the doyen palace right.” Luo Feng pointed to the Hui Suo beast that was not much shorter than the huge doyen palace. “I’ve never seen a space beast before, hence I want to get closer to take a look, is that ok?”

“Close distance?” Bei Chuang frowned. “Going in is a small matter, but that Hui Suo beast has the strength to kill even normal undyings. If you go in, safety…”

Human genius, if he were to die within the gold horn race world.

The consequence would be disastrous.

“Relax.” Luo Feng looked at Dylan beside him.

Dylan nodded.

Dylan was after all an undying close to official level, he was very strong.

“Since you can guarantee your safety, viewing the beast from up close is a small matter, I can make the decision.” The youth Bei Chuang looked at the guard within the locking technique. “Let these humans go in and see, let them go in through the safe way.”

“Yes, commander.”

The group of guards complied.

Seeing the Hui Suo beast up close, this was indeed a small matter. From just looking…what could possibly happen? Several powerful people with backgrounds in the gold horn race would frequently go up close to look at the beast. This was afterall the only space beast in the entire Laos world.

“Ka!”

The metal door opened.

“This is the only path in without triggering the locking technique.” Bei Chuang said. Luo Feng smiled and brought his group through the path into the 1,000km area, that area…was where the beast was locked up.

…

Walking within the wilderness, one could smell the strong scent of the Hui Suo beast throughout.

On the ground, one could see the black blood stains along with some scattered fur.

“Luo Feng, those blood stains that have been there too long can’t be used to produce another body, the fur that hasn’t completely decayed however definitely can.” Babata’s voice resounded within Luo Feng’s mind.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng knelt down and gently touched a strand of fur.

A strand, in truth, was even thicker than a huge tree trunk. One strand alone was a few meters thick, its length reached a shocking few kilometers. Hence, from far it looked thin and soft, like a gorilla’s hair, however compared to that huge over 1,000km tall beast, it was normal. With one glance, one could see scattered fur all over, any spot around it had a few hundred strands.

The entire wilderness region had fur all over.

“Bei Chuang, can I take one strand as a souvenir?” Luo Feng turned and asked.

Bei Chuang who stood outside the locking technique was curious, a strand of hair as a souvenir? Those things were rubbish. Only very few of the of their race people that went up close to the beast took the strands as souvenirs, in truth, they were useless.

“Human, of course you can take a strand of the fur.” Bei Chuang shouted.

“Thanks.”

Luo Feng nodded, after which he kept the strand of fur into his space ring.

“All done, with this fur…I can use the golden horned beast’s natural ability and produce a Hui Suo Beast.” Luo Feng thought, after which he headed to where the beast was.

He looked up and got closer.

Looking at the bound beast squatting there, the space beast that was supposed to roam free and dominate the universe, was like a bound cat or dog, it was a tragedy. And with Luo Feng’s special status…looking at its plight, he felt sorry for it.

“Howl…” A low howl resounded within the mountains.

The beast that squatted there opened its huge eyes, the greenish gold eyes gazed at Luo Feng below.

Luo Feng looked up at it, Dylan stood beside ready.

“Human?” the Hui Suo beast let out a low sound.

“How do you do.” Luo Feng nodded.

One human and one space beast, one looking up while the other looked down.

In their eyes…

They could feel their similarity…

The same ice cold disposition!

Same raging killing intent that was hidden!

Luo Feng had hidden his killing intent because he was in his human body, the Hui Suo beast had done the same because it was bound up and controlled.

“Human.” The beast’s voice went straight to Luo Feng’s mind. “The feeling you give me is very intimate. You and I are very alike.”

Alike?

Luo Feng was shocked within.

Right.

Alike, because from an absolute level, he was a space beast too! If he had the ability, he would definitely save this Hui Suo beast. However, he was only using his human genius identity, and with the doyens at the universe knight level nearby, even if they were subservient to humanity, the universe knights, wouldn’t be easy to deal with.

“Is there anything I can do to help you?” Luo Feng asked mentally.

“No need.”

The Hui Suo beast’s greenish gold eyes gazed down at Luo feng, it communicated, “You cannot help me, and with the doyen from the palace beside had given me a promise after he had bound me for 3 million years…as long as I can breakthrough to undying, he would release me.”

“What?” Luo Feng was shocked.

There was actually such a deal?

A deal after binding the beast for 3 million years, that doyen must have respected the space beast’s obstinate character and strength. However, from within his bones, that powerful doyen definitely wouldn’t give up the beast that easily. Hence he gave the beast the condition of reaching undying.

“Reaching undying, is it very hard?” Luo Feng asked.

“Thousands to tens of thousands of times harder than you humans.” The beast said. “I can already easily defeat normal undyings, yet I’m still unable to break through the final door. I’ve already survived for 20million years, breaking through to undying…I definitely can, definitely!”

“Human.”

“It was rare for me to meet a life form I feel close to, I’ve said enough, you should go, go on.” The Hui Suo beast closed its eyes gradually.

Luo Feng sighed.

Right.

He couldn’t help it, even going to study the sacred tablet, he had to make a request and see if the doyen agreed. He had no right to request anything.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, why are you in there?”

“Hm?” Luo Feng turned to look, outside stood the gold armored elder Si Fan Qi.

Luo Feng brought Dylan and his group along the pathway out.

“I went close to see the Hui Suo beast.” Luo Feng looked at the elder, “How’s it going elder?”

Elder Si Fan Qi laughed, “After chatting with the doyen for awhile, he nodded and agreed to let you go study the tablet. Also, you’ll be specially studying it in isolation alone for a month! And…when you are done studying the tablet, your majesty can choose one copy of any of the techniques stored in the sacred land.”

“Study it alone for a month and a copy of a technique?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Hm, the tablet is afterall just there for study without any system or method, and the techniques within the sacred land are the systematic techniques left by the great beings of our race from the past. They are all space and gold combination techniques, they suit you well.” The elder smiled and said, “Your majesty can pick any one of them. Of course, just one.”

Luo feng’s eyes gleamed, immediately nodding.

“So you are called Luo Feng? You’ve seen the Hui Suo beast up close already, you are not planning to postpone our match till after your study of the sacred tablet are you?” The greenish gold armored black skinned youth standing not too far away spoke, his voice fierce, “Let’s go challenge now and battle.”

Luo Feng looked at him.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, you are battling him?” Elder Si Fan Qi was shocked, communicating mentally, “Your majesty, don’t agree. You just reached the domain lord level 9 not long ago. This Bei Chuang however, is part of the Bei Zhi genius brothers nurtured by the doyen in the palace beside us. In terms of law comprehension, in accordance with how you humans grade it, he should have the ability to pass the heavenly bridge’s 9th level.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

His law comprehension had reached the level of passing the 9th level of the heavenly bridge?

Damn!

The most pinnacle geniuses of the gold horn race were terrifying.


Chapter 651: Luo Feng and Bei Chuang

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” Elder Si Fan Qi communicated urgently, “The absolute geniuses of our gold horn race aren’t weaker than the geniuses of humanity. However, as there are 10,000 tribes in the entire race, the number of domain lords far exceeds that of a universe country. And the most elite of geniuses get guidance by the doyens, their standards are naturally not low.

Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

As they constantly feel threatened, the geniuses of the gold horn race are probably nurtured even more than that of humans, even the universe knights doyen gave guidance to the geniuses.

“The top ten of this generation have the Bei Zhi brothers.” Si Fan Qi communicated. “Among the top ten, the other 9 all have the origin law comprehension of the heavenly bridge 9th level. And the strongest, the elder of the Bei Zhi brothers Bei Qiu is the only one with the power to pass the 10th level.”

“Look, the thousands of youths that wanted to challenge you before, they are all pretty strong, like Jia Ai, he’s one of the top 10 amongst the domain lord level genius.”

Luo Feng blinked his eyes, looking at the group of gold horn race youths gathered, he felt a little ashamed.

He hadn’t thought too much of them initially, he had forgotten…that these were the geniuses of an entire race.

Even if they were weaker than humanity.

They wouldn’t be too weak!

The top ten geniuses of humanity were also the primal region members. Nine of them had passed the 10th level of the heavenly bridge, one passing the 11th!

“The 10th level and the 9th had a huge fundamental difference.”

“Every 3 levels is a jump, 1-2, 4-6, 7-9, the absolute beginning region’s large amount of geniuses were all stuck at the 9th level, passing the 10th was simply too hard.” Luo Feng was shocked. “I didn’t expect there’d actually be one domain lord level in the gold horn race who can pass the 10th. Looks like he’s close to the power level of the members of the primal region.

The one called Bei Qiu.

He was the only one capable of competing with humanity’s domain lord level primal region members.

“Luckily I’m not fighting Bei Qiu, but the other Bei Chuang.” Luo Feng thought. “With my current strength, against Bei Qiu…I have no chance of winning.”

“Even against Bei Chuang, it’s still very dangerous.”

After hearing Bei Chuang had the strength to pass the 9th level, Luo Feng understood he was in trouble.

“Human genius Luo feng, are you afraid?” The black skinned intrepid youth Bei Chuang roared. His eyes were like spotlights, staring at Luo Feng.

“Haha, since I’ve agreed, I will naturally battle you. Why don’t you pick the time and place.” Luo feng replied.

“Alright!”

Bei Chuan was extremely happy, saying loudly, “Then we’ll head out immediately. The time is today and the location will be the arena outside the city!”

“Ok.” Luo Feng nodded.

From such a simple exchange, a match between the geniuses of humanity and the gold horn race was set. The simple exchange had riled up the thousands of those gathered beside, even the guards of the palace all cheered excitedly as their voices echoed through the wilderness.

“Bei Chuang!”

“Bei Chuang!”

“Bei Chuang!”

In an instant, the geniuses of the gold horn race were all extremely excited, all shouting Bei Chuang’s name.

Right.

As one of the top 10 domain lord level geniuses, he was indeed worthy of representing them in fighting the human genius.

“Everybody relax.” The youth Bei chuang looked at the thousands of clansman, immediately shouting loudly, “I, Bei Chuang will definitely win for our gold horn race, definitely!!!”

“Victory!”

“Victory!”

“Victory!”

Thousands of youths roared excitedly.

Luo Feng looked on silently at the scene, thinking, “Victory, right, this battle…I already have no way out, I have to win!”

This battle represented not simply himself, but the glory of humanity!

The moment he lost, then Bei Chuang’s name would be passed down for generations for countless years amongst the race. They would always remember the day Bei Chuang defeated the human genius Luo feng! The more they emphasized the importance of this, the more humiliated Luo Feng would feel if he lost, the only way out was to…

Defeat Bei Chuang!

And win!!!

“Human Luo Feng.” The youth Bei Chuang’s fighting spirit was soaring. He was excited like he never was before, “To the arena outside the city, let’s go.”

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng nodded.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng’s group and the Bei Chuang along with the other geniuses all headed towards the arena. Along the way, many of the geniuses immediately connected to the virtual universe and sent the news to all their friends. Telling them, that the human genius was about to battle their race’s Bei Chuang in the arena!

The gold horn race was subservient to humanity. Hence, they too had rights to use the virtual universe. However, they were limited within a fixed space and could mostly only interact with their own race. A lot of their privileges were also restricted, like not being able to use the slaughterhouse etc.

However the most basic communication was still viable.

News spread like lightning, swiftly throughout the entire sacred city.

“The human genius Luo Feng is about to battle our race genius Bei Chuang.”

“In the arena outside the city.”

“It’s about to begin.”

“Right, the human genius, you heard right. Human!”

The news spread madly.

The residents of the sacred city that were busy with their own affairs all dropped everything and swiftly flew over to the area outside. If one looked from high above, he would discover that traffic which had formed from the sheer number of those rushing over from the city was almost like a river flowing outwards…

In the arena outside the city!

The strong pride of the race! The dissatisfaction of being subservient to humanity for countless years! Naturally they felt some inferiority towards humanity!

The people living within the sacred city were normally proud people. At this time, those that lived in the core of Laos word were all extremely passionate.

They longed for victory!

Wishing for a genius from their race to defeat the genius of humanity!

…

The arena outside the city was extremely vast, it was a special spot within the sacred city.

Actually before the gold horn race had moved over back then, it didn’t have the tradition of arenas. However, after Xi Luo Duo’s disappearance, it made them feel extremely threatened, hence all sorts of things popped up. For example, forbidding geniuses from killing each other, yet fearing they would lack the sense of true battle, hence the arena was created.

Battles were forbidden within the sacred city.

Only within the arena could one have a battle. And the arena was built similar to that of the human’s Huge Axe Dojo arena.

…

“Master, our area only has one hundred million spectator seats. Usually, this number of seats are enough for the battles. However today…master, our seats aren’t enough.” A grey skinned youth pointed into the distance, another tall gold skinned man looked up.

In the distant skies.

It was a black blur, as hundreds of millions of gold horn race clansman were flying over.

The sacred city, as the core of the entire gold horn race, there were over two billion residents here. Those able to live here were all mostly warriors in training. Very few battles actually enticed them. However today…over half of them all rushed over.

Half?

That alone was over 1 billion.

“The seats aren’t enough.” The gold skinned man roared. “Give the order, immediately get rid of all the seats, and act according to our celebration procedures.”

“Yes.” The grey skinned youth replied.

The huge arena was undergoing lightning fast changes, the original settings of the comfortable seatings etc were all removed. Even the comfortable booths , luxurious loft viewing areas were all completely taken away. The entire arena was reset to fit more people.

“So many people.” Luo Feng sat in the resting quarters and looked out at the sky through the window, seeing the dark cloud of people, as this went on for over ten minutes.

“They should all be here to watch.” Dylan looked up too. “This sure is shocking. There’s no way to make such a huge area in the human world for so many people to come spectate. The large scale fights… are normally all held within the virtual universe, that way it’s easier without the chaos.”

“The virtual universe and reality sure are different.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“Your majesty.” Dylan looked at Luo Feng.

“Hm?” Luo Feng turned.

“Any guarantee?” Dylan looked at Luo Feng.

“Not much guarantee, however…this fight, I have no other choice, but to win.” Luo Feng’s eyes focused.

…

Over 3 hours passed.

“Your majesty Luo feng, you can enter the arena now.” Elder Si Fan Qi walked in.

Luo Feng got up.

“Be careful.” Elder Si Fan Qi said, “Battles in the arena, the moment you are careless you will die.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

He definitely understood this.

This was a fight in reality, not one in the virtual universe. This kind of life or death battle, especially involving the glory of two races… had no space for showing mercy. Everybody used all their strengths, and the matches were quick as lightning, the moment one was hit it could result in death.

…

Luo Feng walked out of the room and followed the pathway with the arena’s staff leading him and Dylan, finally reaching the vast arena stage.

Rumble…

The cheers raised terrifying shockwaves, almost demolishing the entire stage.

Luo Feng looked around, seeing the blur of silhouettes all around him. Also, from the 2nd level of the arena to the highest level, all of them were completely filled, with even more floating far in the distance in mid air.

“Bei Chuang!”

“Bei Chuang will win.”

“If you lose, commit suicide.”

“You have to win.”

“Definitely.”

“Victory.”

“Victory.”

All sorts of noises filled the entire space around them. Over one billion gold horn race people roared, causing Luo Feng to helplessly hold his breath.

Luo Feng looked ahead, there stood a green armored black skinned intrepid youth Bei Chuang. At this time, the gold imprint on his forehead was gleaming with red, he had already reached a state of madness. Due to the strong pride for his race, generations of battles against humanity, and over one billion of his clansmen roaring, it had driven him to this point.

He, had to win!

Even if he died, he had to win!!!


Chapter 652: Battle

In the pathway leading to the arena, the undying guard Dylan and Elder Si Fan Qi stood.

“Elder Si Fan Qi, when the battle starts.” Dylan looked at the elder beside, “No matter what, you must protect his majesty’s life!”

“I know.”

The elder said seriously. “I will be very careful. The moment the victor is determined, I will immediately stop the battle and guarantee his majesty’s safety.”

“Hm.” Dylan’s expression was serious, turning to look at the calm Luo Feng.

“The grandmaster made me protect you, I definitely cannot slip up, absolutely.” Dylan muttered.

…

For this battle, just this enormous arena with 3 levels filled with standing silhouettes, and the distant floating ones in the air, including the gold horn race people around, there were over 1 billion of them! Just the undyings alone were over 1,000, with quite a few emperor level undyings too.

“No matter what, during the most crucial time, we have to protect Bei Chuang and that human’s life.”

“We cannot have any bad things occur from this.”

“Everybody do your best.”

All the undyings were thinking alike.

However none of the undyings around dared to say they had a 100% guarantee, because Luo Feng and Bei Chuang were both spirit readers. And the thing that determined their victory was either themselves physically or their spirit weapons piercing through the opponent! And piercing through the body…by this time, one could already have lost his life!

Of course…

Luo Feng was but a genius of humanity, dying in these sorts of public matches, humanity side wouldn’t be dissatisfied. However the relationship between the two races wouldn’t be affected by a little genius that was simply like another small ant.

“Silence.” A voice engulfed their entire land and skies.

The sounds of over 1 billion clansmen immediately quiet down, however they were all still extremely passionate, all staring at the arena.

“This battle!”

“On one side we have our genius Bei Chuang, and on the other we have the genius Luo Feng.” The booming voice resounded like thunder. “The rules are simple, if one side admits defeat or is defeated, the battle ends! Right now…the battle of Bei Chuang and Luo Feng will begin…”

His voice echoed throughout.

Over 1 billion gold horn race people stared at the stage and held their breaths.

Standing in the stage, the silver armored Luo Feng and green armored Bei Chuang stared at each other.

“Gold horn race, Bei Chuang!” The youth Bei Chuang shouted loudly.

“Human, Luo Feng!” Luo Feng stared at his opponent.

Hu! Hu!

The two of them had about 10 km between them, they simultaneously rose into the air and floated there. On their backs each, a dark golden long rod appeared and flying spirit weapons appeared below them.

“You use the Nan Shen Armament too?” Bei Chuang snorted at Luo Feng. “Our gold horn race’s Xi Luo Duo is the true creator of the Nan Shen Armament.”

“Then we’ll just have to see who uses it better.” Luo Feng said coldly.

“Alright!”

Bei Chuang’s gaze grew fierce.

Rumble.

The dark golden long rod on his back shout out countless gold lights.

Luo Feng’s gaze was like lightning, staring at his opponent. His long rod behind shot out countless golden lights as well, instantly, the blade silhouettes floated and interweaved with gold origin law threads. Through the combination of space and gold laws, his spirit energy fused with the laws and formed a world…Blade world!

“That human genius uses the Nan Shen Armament too.”

“They are both using Nan Shen Armament level 6, blade world.”

“Bei Chuang’s world seems to be bigger.”

Over 1 billion gold horn race clansman were discussing softly, watching excitedly.

…

Rumble! Rumble!

The two blade worlds had just formed and immediately clashed.

The worlds clashed, causing the ground to tremor.

Countless blade energies crumbled, the blade world that Luo Feng controlled had tears in it, almost like it was about to break apart.

“It’s about to break.”

“The human genius is inferior.”

“Bei Chuang is about to win.”

The gold horn race people were incredibly excited.

“He is indeed a genius that the elder Si Fan Qi had deemed powerful enough to pass the heavenly bridge’s 9th level. His blade world is obviously stronger than mine.” Luo Feng roared and immediately raised his spirit energy amplitude to over 3,200 up to his max, causing the shaky blade world to instantly become steady and stronger than before.

Rumble! Rumble!

The two blade worlds clashed again and each clash shook the entire space about.

“Hm? His blade world has suddenly reached perfection?” Bei Chuang’s expression changed. The blade world was separated into 3 levels. As one’s comprehension grew higher, the 1st step was making the blade world grow more and more steady, reaching a final level of perfection! Normally it required being able to pass the 9th level of the heavenly bridge…to be able to have the blade world in its most steady form.

Even after Luo Feng’s 50 years of training, his origin law comprehension was only about the pinnacle of the 7th level.

It couldn’t be helped…

With over 3,200 spirit energy amplitude, it made his spirit energy usage raise by over 32 times! It also allowed his control of the blade world to instantly reach that of passing the 9th level. “While others only had one, I have 32 people to control the world. Even if my comprehension is lower, I can still reach that level.”

“Human genius.”

“If he couldn’t reach this level, that’d be weird.” Bei Chuang thought, his lips curling into a smile, his eyes gleaming with light like never before seen, “Then let’s see who’s stronger.”

“Blade world!”

“Condense!”

Bei Chuang gritted his teeth.

The two blade worlds were initially clashing, however Bei Chuang’s world suddenly shrank more and more…similarly, it’s density grew higher and higher, finally forming a huge 10m long crystal like blade that covered his body.

The 10m long blade had completely encompassed the blade world within.

Without any wastage of energy, it was condensed extremely well.

This…was the 3rd level of the blade world.

“Condense!” Luo Feng roared.

With over 3,200 spirit energy amplitude, immediately the vast world with 10km diameter shrank and instantly formed the 10m long crystal blade, he stood within the blade.

“You will lose!” Bei Chuang roared.

“Bring it.” Luo Feng only had his opponent in his eyes.

Hu!

Hu!

With the two of them using their crystal blades and controlling them, they left behind a gold rainbow as they rushed towards each other and clashed!

Bei Chuang’s crystal blade was fast as lightning, unpredictable and ferocious.

Luo Feng’s blade was like an all encompassing power, piercing and straightforward!

The two had completely different styles.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! The two blades that were filled with the blade world energy were fast and terrifying. Every clash was like two absolute swordsman exchanging attacks.

Ka.

Luo Feng looked up fiercely and discovered that his crystal blade had tears at the top, he couldn’t help but feel shocked. In this level of clash, his crystal blade was no longer as stable as before, it was about to crumble.

…

“He’s about to win.”

“That human genius’s blade world blade is about to crumble.”

“Haha, he’s bound to win now.”

“Bei Chuang hasn’t even unleashed his strongest move, he’s already mastered the special move within the blade world, Space tremor blade work. The moment he unleashes it, that human genius will definitely lose even more.”

“Hmph, it goes without saying that our gold horn race is the true birthplace of the Nan Shen Armament. With countless techniques for the weapon, that human using the Nan Shen Armament will definitely lose.”

…

“Sturdiness doesn’t last, such a simple logic, do you not know it?” Bei Chuang roared, “What a disappointment, the human genius actually only has such little power. I haven’t even used 70% of my strength…watch my strongest move…Space tremor Blade!”

Ang!

The crystal blade that Bei Chuang controlled triggered the power of the land and skies, its speed grew and instantly rushed at Luo Feng!

“What exquisite control.” Luo Feng was shocked.

He had only acquired the Nan Shen Armament and knew a few basic ways to control it. How to unleash the greatest strength of each level was all based on his own comprehension. However within the gold horn race…the 9 levels of the Nan Shen Armament, every level had the fitting techniques. These techniques were created by the generations of gold horn race, they required a certain level of origin law comprehension to unleash.

One person’s created battle techniques, how could it compete with countless techniques created by generations of geniuses from the gold horn race?

“Rumble!”

The crystal blade Bei Chuang controlled already created a blur of images, the surrounding space warped and was engulfed within the blade, its power…was utterly terrifying!

“Natural ability…strengthen!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Within his internal world.

The enormous golden horned beast raised its head, a gold glaring light shot out from its gold horn on its forehead. It engulfed its entire body and the natural ability was triggered, his consciousness strength instantly doubled!

“Blood warrior, blood river energy, trigger!” Luo Feng seemed like he was in madness.

Against his opponent’s overwhelming Nan Shen Armament, Luo Feng had unleashed his natural ability of strengthening and his earth body’s blood river energy.

Having absorbed 3 blood river crystals, it made his earth body’s law fusion double, strengthening the power of his crystal blade!

Since using the natural ability strengthen, and his consciousness increased, his control of the crystal blade also rose!

…

Quadruple the power.

The crystal blade Luo Feng controlled connected with the universe space and grew even more terrifying. Its speed increased and it’s rush was even more powerful than before.

“Gold, strong and solid like the sun, piercing and invincible!”

“Break!”

Luo Feng’s eyes were bloodshot.

“Space tremor blade!” Bei Chuang’s crystal blade too pierced through kilometers of distance and reached Luo Feng.

Rumble…

It was like two trains clashing head on!

Like Mars clashing into earth!

Bei Chuang’s crystal blade began to split apart and with a rumble, the incredibly condensed blade world exploded open. Large amounts of little blades scattering throughout, Luo Feng’s crystal blade however was dominating, rushing forward piercing straight at Bei Chuang’s body.

Rumble! Bei Chuang was completely knocked tens of kilometers back, smashing into the side walls of the arena before falling down.

“Hm?” Through the crystal blade he controlled, Luo feng looked at Bei Chuang.

That final hit on his body, he obviously felt a powerful force blocking. Even though it seemed like he flew far, in truth…the overwhelming life threatening force was over 90% reduced, otherwise Bei Chuang would have been reduced to a mess.

“At the crucial time, it should have been an undying that saved him.” Luo Feng thought. It was good too, when he unleashed his moves, he didn’t hold back at all.

It was silent.

When Luo Feng floated in mid air above the arena in his crystal blade, over one billion gold horn race clansmen were silent.

They…

Had lost!


Chapter 653: Sacred Tablet

From the start of the battle, the gold horn race’s Bei Chuang had always seemed on top. Even towards the end, he was still very confident as he unleashed his strongest move, using the world crystal blade to unleash Space Tremor blade to cleanly defeat Luo Feng!

However the outcome was flipped!

The human genius suddenly rose in strength and completely destroyed Bei Chuang.

“How could this be?”

“How did he suddenly lose, just…”

Countless gold horn race clansmen couldn’t accept the result.

And the host of the match once again spoke with his booming voice, “This battle, the human genius Luo Feng wins!”

After hearing the result, Luo Feng couldn’t be bothered to go check on the injured Bei Chuang, he swiftly flew back through the pathway.

“Congratulations your majesty.” Dylan smiled.

“Your majesty Luo Feng’s strength is really out of the ordinary. You’ve been in the domain lord level 9 for such a short time and you are already able to defeat our genius Bei Chuang.” Elder Si Fan Qi congratulated him. However, from his tone of voice, one could feel he wasn’t completely happy.

“Let’s hurry and go.”

In Luo Feng’s ears, he could hear the over one billion gold horn race clansmen all shouting, discussing, cursing and even all sorts of challenges. Many of the youths shouted “Human Luo Feng, I challenge you.””Human Luo Feng, accept my challenge.” “Accept my, Ba Si Wa’s challenge.”

The challenges, the cursing, all sorts of noises seemed to almost tear apart the skies.

“We have to leave immediately.” Dylan nodded.

“They are too passionate.” Luo Feng shook his head and laughed.

“The normal people of the race highly wished for a victory. Bei Chuang’s defeat will indeed rile them up with dissatisfaction.” Elder Si Fan qi shook his head and sighed. “However they are normal civilians and their perspectives are narrow. They cannot see the true difference between the human race and our gold horn race, just the victory of a genius battle alone has no use in the face of our entire race’s survival. However…as it unites our people, even though we know it’s useless, we still have to support it.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Your majesty Luo feng, let’s leave from the back.” Elder Si Fan Qi said.

“Hm.”

…

Luo Feng, the elder, Kashna, Dylan and the 5 sector lord guards secretly followed a back path leaving the arena. However, the moment they stepped out, they encountered another group of youths blocking their paths.

“Human Luo Feng, please accept my challenge.”

“Human genius I Chi Nuo issue you a challenge.”

The group of gold horn race youths were incredibly passionate.

“Let’s go.” Luo feng frowned.

“Right.” Dylan nodded.

“Relax, it’s no problem.” The elder used his undying energy to suppress the group of youths and their pestering.

Sou!

Luo feng’s group swiftly tore through the skies and headed towards the city.

The city was incredibly vast, there was another city within the sacred city, the sacred land.

The sacred land was the most sacred place within the entire Laos world. There were some training quarters within, specially prepared for the warriors of the gold horn race. One was called the Technique tower, and another was the sacred tablet tower. In terms of importance, naturally the tablet tower was higher.

“Look!” Elder Si Fan Qi pointed into the distance at a white tower over a hundred km tall. “That is the technique tower, where the countless techniques written by our warriors are placed. In there, you can read a summary of the many techniques.”

“Summary?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“Right.” The elder nodded. “There are countless techniques in there in order to help the later generations make the best choice. We’ve placed a summary of each of the manuals in there with basic details and information about it. That way, the reader could read through it and get an understanding of what they would be training and their procedures. As for the precise training techniques etc, it’s not in there.”

Luo feng nodded.

“Only once the person has confirmed the book and sent a request will he be given the true manual.” The elder smiled, “After all, we’ve accumulated manuals over countless years, and their worth is immeasurable. If we placed all the manuals in there, it would very quickly attract powerful races coming in to steal them. And right now with only the summaries and no training methods, it’s very safe.”

Luo Feng understood the reasoning.

“The other sacred tablet tower is where the tablet is stored.” The elder pointed at the other gold tower. “Your majesty has the chance to study the tablet alone, you’ll be entering that tower.”

“Look.”

“The entire sacred land is a city within the city.” The elder pointed around. There were quite ancient living quarters about without any fancy decorations. They were all made simple and looked ancient. With a glance…large amounts of them gave off a very special ancient feeling.

The pathways were filled with many warriors slovenly in dress and manner, all pensive and lost in their thoughts.

The entire sacred land didn’t have any entertainment construct or restaurants.

This was a type of training atmosphere!

“To own a place in the sacred land to train, one either has to be an incredibly respected and powerful warrior, or be an absolute genius, or a person the doyens respect.” The elder exclaimed. “The ones training in this sacred land are the future hopes of our gold horn race.”

“Your majesty, our gold horn race has prepared a place for you to stay.” The elder smiled, “Please follow me.”

After a while.

An ancient training quarters soon appeared within sight. Luo Feng and his group stood before it as the elder pointed at the building. “This is already considered a huge space within the sacred land. Your majesty can put your guards in here and even after a month of studying the tablet, you can stay here and slowly absorb the wonders of the tablet.”

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” Outside the quarters, a black armored gold horn race man bowed respectfully. “From today on, this space will be your living quarters, you can stay as long as you want.”

Luo feng smiled and nodded.

“You 5 can rest here.” Luo Feng ordered his 5 sector lord guards.

“Yes your majesty.” The 5 bowed respectfully.

“Dylan, follow me to check out the tablet.” Luo Feng smiled.

Luo Feng brought Dylan, elder Si Fan Qi and Kashna and walked over 100 km, arriving before the majestic sacred tablet tower.

He looked up at the completely golden tower that was over 100 km tall.

“Human Luo Feng.” A deep voice resounded within his consciousness. “I am the guardian of the sacred tablet, you have a month to study the sacred tablet alone, will you begin now?”

“Right now.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Ok.”

The sacred tablet guardian immediately interrupted the group of gold horn race clansmen studying the tablet and chased them out of the tower. Some of them didn’t even finish using their study time… however due to there being a human, they would all have to wait a month before they could continue.

“Human genius?”

“Look, he’s over there.”

“I was studying well and was actually interrupted. I still have 3 more days. Now, I’ll have to wait a whole month before I get to finish it.”

“Seriously.”

“It had to be a human.”

Tens of gold horn race clansmen walked out of the tower and glanced at Luo feng, communicating amongst themselves. However they didn’t dare stir any trouble, chatting awhile before leaving.

“Dylan, you can all go back first. I’ll go study the sacred tablet and come out in a month.” Luo Feng said and headed in.

…

The moment he entered the tower, he felt a bone chilling cold. By simply breathing, he could feel the cold temperature permeate deep into his body.

“Human Luo Feng, I am the sacred tablet guardian, you can call me guardian.” A dark red skinned man completely covered in an exquisite black armor. Revealing only his purple eyes through his helmet, he stood there giving off an incredibly terrifying piercing energy.

Beside him was a 3m tall huge blade that was stuck in the ground.

It gave Luo Feng a formless pressure…

That didn’t seem weaker than True Yan Emperor.

“Guardian.” Luo Feng bowed.

“Enter.” The guardian said solemnly.

Luo Feng nodded.

He headed straight through the black pathway and proceeded. Very quickly, he entered an incredibly vast hall, looking up, he could even see the roof of the over 100 km tall tower. Obviously the entire tower only had 1 level, and within this vast hall there was a majestic crystal!

Crystal sacred tablet!

The entire tablet was 300m tall, 100m wide and 50m thick. It was made of a completely dark green crystal body, and it gave off an energy that made one hold his breath. Simultaneously, there was a hole right in the center of it.

The hole was about 30cm in diameter, with a depth of 1m.

It was a round conical hole.

“It’s different from the 52 primal chaos tablets of humanity. Firstly, the material is different and the feeling is different too.” Luo Feng stood before it and saw the 300m tall green crystal tablet. On it was a peculiar demon picture, a human shaped demon howling.

“Demon howling picture?”

“The entire crystal tablet has only this one picture, and the center actually has a conical hole?” Luo Feng muttered to himself, he didn’t think much more after that and began to examine the tablet.

The moment he focused on it.

His consciousness couldn’t help but get sucked into that demon picture.

Rumble…his consciousness was sucked into one of the wings of that demon picture. It was like looking at a vast endless space, and in it the stars were aligning.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng just had some comprehension, at this point his internal world which had been stuck at the domain lord pinnacle level seemed to have been affected by something, suddenly it began to tremor.

“Ah.” Luo Feng was shocked. He immediately pulled himself out of his immersion in the tablet, understanding instantly what was happening. “My internal world is evolving and breaking through to the sector lord level.”


Chapter 654: Sector lord level

Internal world.

The metal continent which originally had an area of 900,000 km began to madly swallow up the endless gold mist surrounding the place. It also swallowed up the mist above the continent, the mist that engulfed the entire world. The evolution was different from before, the vast metal continent didn’t expand after it swallowed up the gold mist, instead in shrank.

Chi chi chi…

The more it swallowed up the gold mist, the more the continent itself shrank, the entire world however grew bigger.

At this time!

The internal world’s diameter was more than 10 times bigger than before, and the vast continent that had an area of 900,000 km however was constantly shrinking, finally becoming a deep abyss surrounded by golden mountains.

“Dual world pool, form!”

Rumble!

The dual world pool stopped in the space above the continent, as complex engravings filled the entire deep abyss within the dual world pool. This was much more complex than the beast god howling engraving from the blood river energy. Within the mountain range gathered countless gold spots of light. These spots…were the essences of the countless amounts of gold mist absorbed earlier from the 900,000 km metal continent. At this time, the blur of gold lights revolved about like a nebula.

“Gold horn world stone, gather!”

Luo Feng’s consciousness was extremely powerful, controlling this entire process directly.

Rumble!

The nebula of gold lights instantly gathered into one body and became a gold tower like shaped gold stone that was only the size of a finger. This stone floated within the dual world pool. However, it caused the entire space around it to ripple…eventually shaking the entire internal world.

“Gold horn world stone! A golden horned beast can only produce this one gold horn world stone in its entire life. It’s a stone that’s formed from the internal world’s essence, it contains gold and space, a true treasure.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

The gold horn world stone was the golden horned beast’s most important treasure!

After breaking through from domain lord to sector lord level, its internal world isn’t purely gold energy anymore, but a very normal internal world that could have rivers, mountains and even life within! Hence the ferocious gold energy that was filled with offensive power forms a dual world pool.

And the energy of that dual world pool was within that gold horn world stone!

…

As the internal world changes, Luo feng’s earth body core began to undergo change too.

Rumble…

His soul and genetic energy crystals began to melt into a liquid under a formless energy. The two began to interweave and as the spirit energy and genetic energy made contact, it fused both his consciousness and willpower…it was this 1st fusion that resulted in the world energy being formed! The birth of world energy!

It allowed a thread of Luo Feng’s consciousness to resonate and feel the energies of the vast universe.

The primal universe, was the most vast and ancient universe that produced many races and life forms. Like the universe at an early stage of formation, even though it was a part of the primal universe, it wasn’t even a fraction of the primal universe.

The primal universe was the true source of energies.

When Luo Feng’s world energy was first produced in his internal world, it connected with the incomparably distant source.

“Ah.”

“This is the universe source of energy?”

A thread of his consciousness, with the power of the world energy had already entered this source. It was an incredibly vast land, his consciousness could only feel this vast land, and not any other beings about. And within this endless space, every bit of mud was like a space, within it contained endless universe crystals.

“A grain of sand is like a world?”

“A world has endless universe crystals?”

“This, is this the true face of the universe source?” Luo Feng was incredibly shocked.

However the trillions of km vast space that he could feel was only a small portion of the entire source itself. Even so, it shocked him greatly.

“Two worlds resonance!”

…

When Luo Feng’s consciousness made contact with the source, his core and his internal world both underwent shocking change.

His internal world had initially only had the dual world pool within.

At this time, it was like his internal world had opened a path to the primal universe source, endless universe energies flowed as world energy into his internal world was almost like a torrent or flood. It violently and instantly filled his entire internal world!

One had to know, his internal world space was already 10 times larger than before, however it was still completely filled.

Obviously…

To the primal universe source, every grain of sand’s universe crystals energies could completely fill Luo Feng’s internal world.

“Feels good.”

“Instantly having so much universe energy. It’s a pity that such a chance only happens at the break through from domain lord to sector lord level. And only during this time will there be this chance.” Luo Feng thought. After which, he didn’t think more about it, his consciousness feeling his internal world which was filled to the brim with world energy from the source.

“Condense!”

“Center continent, gold, wood, water, fire, ground, form the side continents.”

With a diameter of 5 million km, a vast continent was formed. With about 1 million in diameter continents within that huge continent, the 5 continents were burning, ice cold, or filled with grass and wood, or metal mountain ranges, or thick grounds.

“Between the 6 continents is an endless ocean.”

Rumble…

There was endless waters in between the ground and skies. It flooded the areas and took up half the space in the entire internal world. The surface of the ocean far exceeded that of the continents.

“Within the center continent, there’s an ocean within.”

Immediately, the center continent with a diameter of 5 million km had its center portion crumble. The ground was reduced to a void and endless sea water was produced within, filling it up and a 900 km diameter ocean was formed within the center of the continent.

“Within the ocean, there lies the dual world pool.”

Gurgle…

The ocean churned.

The dual world pool gently rose and just like a solitary island in the sea, it lay in the center of the endless abyss, almost like another world altogether.

“Endless living things, birth!”

Luo Feng left everything for his internal world to work. The center continent, 5 continents within, internal ocean, endless ocean, all these naturally formed plants, flowers, mountain ranges etc. At this time, the entire internal world was no different from a real world.

“Internal world, formed.”

Hua hua…

The universe energies that weren’t completely used swiftly became universe crystals and instantly gathered and formed a universe crystal mountain on the continent.

The internal world was already successfully formed, and the universe energies, world energies naturally gathered and formed a universe crystal mountain. Normally those that just stepped into sector lord level would experience this. However…a normal sector lord would never have acquired such a huge universe crystal mountain.

Because the internal world of the sector lords were much much smaller than Luo feng’s.

“From what I know, many sector lords’ internal worlds only have a diameter of over 10,000 km.”

“Mine however, has a diameter over 10 million km.”

…

The bigger the internal world, the amount needed to sustain the core was also more! From the 900,000 km internal world reaching to over 10 million km, Luo Feng’s core had to undergo an evolution from its foundation. During the process, the core naturally began to absorb the energies emanated from the internal world, a small portion of the gold horn world stone’s energy.

Rumble…within the core, his spirit and genetic energies had completely fused, and according to the natural evolution of the universe, it formed an origin pearl!

The pearl revolved slightly and released endless threads that connected to the main core.

The main core thus began to change.

From star traveller to domain lord level, this core had always been a half translucent crystal with complex gold engravings. It glowed with golden light and was very mysterious. However, after stepping into the sector lord level…the core absorbed the threads of internal world energies, source energies and universe energies, forming a seemingly normal looking core.

Simple!

With a hint of light, even the gold engravings were completely hidden.

“My god.” Luo Feng was shocked. “My core now has to sustain this 10million diameter large internal world. It’s already the core of many sector lord pinnacles, and even more terrifying than that. When I reach the sector lord pinnacle…this core, what level will it reach.”

“No wonder the golden horned beast has 3 natural abilities, with inherited memories and a lifespan which was 10 times that of a human.”

“However very few actually breakthrough to undying.”

Feeling the strength of this core, Luo feng understood why breaking through to the undying was extremely difficult.

Even now, even if Luo Feng released his defenses and allowed others to come attack his core, even a sector lord pinnacle…wouldn’t be able to break it. Naturally Luo Feng wouldn’t give others the chance to do so either.

“Stepping into the sector lord level, my internal world is now a true world. I don’t only have to swallow metals. Normal sector lords would use universe crystals to evolve and change their worlds, and when my internal world was expanding in the past, it relied on countless universe crystals to form.”

“I only have two paths.”

“The 1st is to use the universe crystals to expand my internal world more. That way, when I reach sector lord pinnacle, my internal world diameter will be over 30 million km.”

“The 2nd is to continue using valuable metal groupings from swallowing, the ones suitable for the golden horned beast. After being swallowed into the dual world pool, the most pure and valuable gold energies would enter the gold horn world stone, the other energies would immediately push the internal world to change. After the gold horn world stone evolves, it’s exquisite energies would affect the core and make it stronger, and will be able to withstand a larger internal world. That way, at sector lord pinnacle, my internal world diameter would reach over 90 million km.”

Luo Feng was very clear.

The 1st path was much easier, many golden horned beast chose this path.

The 2nd was much harder. As the shackles would be stronger.

The good thing was that the larger the internal world, the stronger one was and his god country eventually would be stronger too. Also, after constantly absorbing the exquisite energies from the gold horn world stone, the stone would be much more powerful too.


Chapter 655: Sector Lord Studying Speed

There were two paths. One was easy, while the other much harder.

Which one should he choose?

Within the tower, Luo Feng who had his eyes closed before the sacred tablet revealed a smile.

“My heart is like a mirror, and I see through all illusions. My heart is like a blade, slicing through all obstacles.” Luo Feng had no hesitation, as he very calmly made his decision. “If I don’t even have the guts to breakthrough a pinnacle level golden horned beast, there’s no need to even mention becoming an absolute being of the universe, to be the true upper echelon of humanity!”

“I believe I can do it!”

“Definitely.”

Luo feng was silent.

As one that received guidance on mental state training from Thunder god and Hong, he emphasized heavily on the heart.

If one didn’t even have the guts to challenge this sort of difficulty, he would forever be a nobody. And if one had the guts and confidence even against the hardest of obstacles, then he would constantly push his limits and work towards his goal. Even if he fails in the end…that achievement would be extremely high.

…

Hence, Luo Feng naturally chose the 2nd path, strengthening the internal world with large amounts of metal. Actually, he had long purchased the metal groups required for sector lord level…it was obvious, in the depths of his heart, he had long made the decisions he needed.

“Back then, I was only a normal warrior of earth, did anyone even imagine I would become the leader of the milky way?”

“Back then, when I entered the universe as the strongest of earth, did anyone ever imagine that I would become one of the top ten geniuses of the 1,008 universe country genius competition?”

“Did anyone ever think that I would enter the primal region on my 1st try?”

“And right now, many actually think I have hopes of becoming an official or emperor level undying. Yet few dare to imagine…that I’d actually reach the level of a universe knight.” Luo Feng thought, his eyes gleaming brighter than before.

A true warrior had complete faith and confidence.

The 1st step was to dare to dream, and after that it was all about hard work. If one didn’t even dare have such a goal…how would he succeed?

Internal world.

The vast internal world, in the center continent’s grassy patch, there was a mountain like black space beast, and beside it stood the black mosha Luo Feng.

“Gold horn beast, breakthrough to sector lord level!”

“Mosha clansman, breakthrough to sector lord level!”

With his consciousness pushing, the countless universe crystals that formed the majestic mountain immediately broke apart and became world energy. It was almost like two powerful currents, where one was pouring straight into the golden horned beast body while the other into the mosha Luo Feng.

However, one of the currents was about 10m thick, and the other was 10km!

Kakaka…Noises came from all over the golden horned beast’s body. The body that was strengthened by practicing the nameless manual began to evolve, as it was swallowing large amounts of world energy, it caused its body to grow even bigger. Its scales were much more dense than before, and even formed a translucent layer above the scales.

On its forehead, a 5th horn grew out, the other 4 too began to grow longer.

Rumble…The Mosha clansman beside it had completely turned into a black energy flow. The energy grew thicker and thicker, as one could faintly see through it. Right at the center of it was a resplendent shining life crystal that had space law ripples within it.

Rumble!

Rumble!

The 10km thick world energy current and the 10m thick world energy currents stopped simultaneously.

The golden horned beast body length had already reached a shocking 100km. The moment it spreads its wings, it could easily cover any of the super cities of earth. In a blink of an eye it could fly around the entire planet once. To such an absolute being, a planet was simply too small, the place it lived in was…the universe space.

Hua hua… That rumbling black energy flow condensed and formed a black clothed Luo Feng.

Sector lord Golden horned beast and mosha Luo Feng stood in the grass patch.

Howl…

The beast raised its head and howled, letting out a carefree howl that shook the vast world, announcing its breakthrough into the sector lord level.

“Haha…”

Mosha Luo Feng laughed carefreely as well.

“Sector lord level is truly different.” Mosha Luo Feng was filled with glee. “This Mosha Luo Feng originally had 10 times the amplitude of its fusion with the space laws. But, now that it had evolved to a sector lord, being the fastest level, with its amplitude…it’s simply, simply…”

He already knew training during sector lord level was extremely fast.

Sector lord level was the time during which one’s powers would soar. Even undyings couldn’t compare to sector lords! This was also why many choose to stay at sector lord level for very long with no rush to breakthrough.

Like that time sector lord Luo, he had stayed so long at sector lord level. However, as his lifespan was reaching its end, breaking through to undying became more and more urgent.

Within the vast sacred tablet tower, before that majestic tablet, Luo feng immediately stood up and opened his eyes.

“Hm.”

“I’ve broken through to sector lord level, and I also have two dual world pools. When I unleash the swallowing ability, it’ll be much safer than before.” Luo Feng thought. “The golden horned beast and the mosha clansman have reached sector lord level 1. From domain lord to sector lord, the huge evolution in strength is indeed crazy.”

“I’m in no rush to practice the 10,000 soul control technique. After I study this sacred tablet for a month, it would still be ok, I cannot waste this month.”

It may seem slow, but in truth, the internal world breaking through along with the golden horned beast and mosha clansman breakthrough didn’t even take half a day.

Luo feng once again focused his eyes on the dark green crystal tablet.

The majestic tablet had a picture of a huge demon howling. The demon had 2 curved horns, feathered wings and fiery eyes. At first glance, it seemed like a normal demon howling picture, however on careful examination…one would discover that any of the feathers on its wings, the flames around its eyes, every strand of hair, every vein in its horns, engraving in its armor…

Had unbelievable amounts of mystery.

Rumble!

Part of Luo Feng’s consciousness was immersed in the picture, another half of it…the golden horned beast and mosha clansman’s consciousness had entered the universe source through the world energy resonation.

…

In the mysterious universe source.

The entire core of the primal universe, no one knows how long it has been in existence. They only know that at sector lord level, it’s the 1st time their consciousness can enter the source.

“Feels too good.” Half of Luo Feng’s consciousness was sucked into the endless land, which was essentially just a grain of sand in the vast cosmos. His consciousness felt a clarity like never before with the gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, thunder, light, space and time, all the different types of laws, he felt all of it.

The law source too were kept within that mysterious source!

When his consciousness arrived within the source, its would be in a state that was incomparably close to the origin laws. As such…the resonance was extremely clear. Even the other wood, water, fire, ground, wind, thunder, light and time laws that he didn’t understand before, at this time, it felt as clear as his comprehension of the gold law during his domain lord period.

Of course…

If his comprehension of wood, water, fire etc were at a clarity level of 100, then his gold law clarity would be about 10,000 and his space law would be 200,000!

“How can a sector lord not improve fast?”

“The law comprehension is more than 100 times easier than before.”

“Many things I was unable to comprehend at the universe and domain lord levels, after becoming sector lord level, I can still train them till I reach the level of law recognition.” Luo Feng exclaimed. “Sector lord level truly is the sole heavenly level.”

World energy was a special creation energy.

The sector lords used it to create their worlds, and the source…that endless space was an endless space of world energy! Any grain of sand had countless universe crystals. And because world energy was special, it allowed one’s consciousness to enter it.

The moment one reached undying!

Their energies would once again undergo change. They would have powerful undying energy, however their consciousness would no longer be able to resonate with that source again.

Stronger didn’t naturally mean better, what was best was what was suitable.

With world energy…one would have the chance to comprehend all sorts of laws! The moment one became undying…they would take trillions of years and yet still be unable to comprehend space laws. One was because the space laws got harder towards the end, at an extreme level. Secondly, an undying’s comprehension couldn’t compare with a sector lord.

At sector lord level…some absolute geniuses only train for tens of thousands of years and their comprehension can compare to that of an emperor level undying.

However, for a normal undying that constantly breaks through, even a hundred million years wouldn’t be enough for him to reach emperor level!

This was an advantage!

This was the advantage of sector lord level! Many with ambition refused to breakthrough to undying because of this reason. They want to comprehend more laws at sector lord level…allowing them to have a stronger foundation, and when they eventually breakthrough, they immediately became official level or even emperor level undyings.

Like that absolute genius Ke Di, who was able to defeat an official level undying at sector lord level. If he didn’t die and broke through to undying, the moment he broke through, he would immediately reach emperor level!

…

Within the internal world.

Mosha Luo Feng sat crossed legged. The complex space engravings within its life crystal rippled constantly, causing mosha Luo Feng’s consciousness to resonate with the space law ripples, as its amplitude rose by tens of times.

“Blood river energy!” The golden horned beast triggered its energy from the right claw. It swiftly evolved and simultaneously a picture of a beast god head howling appeared, causing it’s gold origin law clarity to rise by 10 times as well!

It’s clarity before was 10,000, and the space law’s clarity was at 200,000.

At this time.

The gold law clarity rose to 100,000 and the space law clarity had reached over 20 million! Far exceeding that of wood, water and the others.

“Wonderful.”

“On one hand, comprehending the howling demon sacred tablet, at the same time using the space and gold laws to compare and contrast, this speed is…” Luo Feng could feel that studying this tablet now for one day was akin to his domain lord level’s 100 years worth of work. Of course, the main thing was that breaking through to sector lord level had made his efficiency rise by 100s of times.


Chapter 656: Origin Law Recognition

Luo Feng was immersed in his study of the sacred tablet. Even when he became thirsty or hungry, he didn’t dare waste a second.

1 day, 2 days, 3 days…

Within an old training quarters in the sacred land, Si Fan Qi, Kashna, Dylan and the 5 sector lords all stayed there.

“His majesty Luo Feng has already entered the sacred tablet tower to train. You all should go focus on training as well. Only those who know they are stronger than Bei Chuang should come back here and look for him.” At the entrance of the quarters, Elder Si Fan Qi looked on coldly at the gold horn youths gathered there. “Those who are too weak but still want to challenge him, hasn’t it been disgraceful enough?”

He unleashed his undying energy.

Causing the group of youths to shudder with fear. An emperor level undying…even in the stronger upper level tribes, there were usually only 1 or 2 of them. He definitely belonged to the stronger undyings.

“Why are you still standing there for, get lost!” Elder Si Fan Qi roared fiercely.

“Yes elder.”

The group bowed respectfully and left dissatisfied.

The elder watched them leave and couldn’t help but shake his head. These youths were all caught up in the previous victories over humanity, they were all too passionate.

“Compared to humans, our intellect is obviously much lower.” The elder exclaimed. “The stone life forms and flesh and blood life forms have huge differences, even though our percentage of strong warriors is higher, however in terms of reproduction and intellect, we are much weaker. These youths are all caught up in the hype and completely lost all sense of reasoning.”

The gold horn race was indeed that way. As long as they were passionate about something, they would risk it all.

Humanity was different.

Humanity had more intellect, even the student level humans were incredibly wise. Even though the gold horn race strong warriors had powerful mental abilities, comparable to a quantum computer, in terms of IQ they were much weaker. They were basically silly with not enough experience, however, those beings that lived for very long were trained by time and naturally grew their intelligence.

“Elder Si Fan Qi.”

Dylan brought the 5 sector lords over.

“Mr Dylan.” The elder smiled at him.

“Sorry to trouble you, every time the groups come over to challenge, you’d have to hold the ground.” The black robed Dylan smiled. “During these 20 days, they’ve never stopped and it’s indeed been hard on you.”

“It’s my gold horn race that has been inconsiderate.” The elder shook his head helplessly. “We have too many youths, and even though we’ve ordered for no disturbance, these youths still come without any fear of death. I cannot kill the future of my race too, I can only order them to leave. Sorry for constantly disturbing your training.”

“It’s nothing.” Dylan shook his head.

“Actually, these challenges are nothing.” The elder shook his head, “The one I’m worried about is a genius within the race.”

“Who?” Dylan asked.

“Bei Qiu.”

The elder said solemnly, “The genius brothers of the Doyen palace, the older brother Bei Qiu. His younger brother Bei Chuang is among the top 10 of the domain lord level 9 geniuses. Bei Qiu however is the undisputed number 1, and his origin law comprehension, according to your human levels, should be at the heavenly bridge level 10.”

“Ah? Level 10?” Dylan was shocked.

From level 9 to 10, that was an extremely hard step.

The domain lord geniuses of the primal region in the Virtual Universe Company had a total of 10, of which 9 had passed the 10th level and one had passed the 11th.

No one expected the gold horn race to have such a genius too.

“The Bei Zhi brothers are ferocious and intrepid, and they are very close brothers.” The elder emphasized. “After Bei chuang’s defeat, his brother Bei Qiu will definitely rush over here to the sacred city. With his proud and fierce nature, he would definitely challenge Luo Feng. The other challenges are nothing, Bei Qiu however…that’s the number 1 domain lord level genius here!”

“Hm.” Dylan frowned.

When Luo Feng defeated Bei Chuang earlier, it had already surprised Dylan.

Dylan even secretly informed True Yan emperor of the match!

“If his majesty meets Bei Qiu, he would probably lose.” Dylan thought, “The difference between the 9th and 10th level is very obvious, and his training time has been too short…”

…

As the two of them were chatting, they suddenly felt a strong energy.

“Hm?”

The elder, Dylan and the 5 sector lords with Kashna turned to look.

“Sacred tower!”

They were all shocked.

In the distance, within the majestic over 100km tall tower, there was an incredible powerful law energy that engulfed the entire area. Gold engravings circulated around and golden light that shot out in all directions. In an instant, the entire gold tower had become incredibly glaring, the powerful law energies made people shudder.

“The law source is descending!” The elder and Dylan exchanged glances with shock, they were very clear on this scene.

“His majesty is in the sacred tablet tower.” A sector lord shouted with glee behind Dylan.

“Other than the guardian, there’s only his majesty Luo Feng within the tower now.” The elder’s eyes was gleaming too. “And now the law source is descending…it’s the gold law without a doubt, his majesty Luo Feng has already been recognized by the gold law.”

“Law recognition!” Kashna was shocked. “That Luo Feng, he’s only, only domain lord level…”

“Hm.”

Dylan watched the distant tower, extremely excited as he nodded and thinking, “I have to inform the grandmaster immediately.”

…

Within the sacred land, the strong were as numerous as the clouds. There would frequently be warriors acquiring law recognition, this law source descending was a special scene. The warriors training in this place were already used to it. However, this time it had appeared within the sacred tablet tower.

And many knew that only a domain lord level human genius was studying alone within.

“The human genius has acquired law recognition?”

“So fast!”

“Domain lord level 9 and he’s already acquired law recognition! Looks like in terms of the gold law, he’s already reached an extremely high level.”

“Strong.”

Many warriors within the sacred land looked up at the majestic gold tower.

Within the tower.

Luo Feng stood quietly before the dark green tablet, his eyes gazing at the demon howling picture.

Rumble… The space about shook.

A gold droplet appeared above Luo Feng’s head and descended.

Drip!

The gold droplet landed straight on his head, passing through his body as though it was nothing. After which it landed in his main core and passed right through that too…finally this gold droplet landed on his origin pearl.

The origin pearl was the soul and genetic energy fusion for domain lord level.

This was Luo Feng’s energy core! And also his soul core!

Chi chi…easily, the gold droplet was absorbed into the pearl, and the pearl had an extra streak of gold.

At this time…

Luo Feng was officially recognized by the gold laws.

On his forehead, a gold blade imprint gradually appeared and this print rippled with power that made people shudder. This was the mark of being recognized by the laws! Simultaneously, a huge gold blade imprint appeared on the forehead of the golden horned beast as well.

“I didn’t expect my gold law comprehension had already reached the level of recognition.” Luo Feng revealed a smile. “Now that I’ve acquired recognition, then my consciousness should be able to enter the law ocean.”

…

Universe source, it was incomparably mysterious.

As one acquires world energy after reaching sector lord level, Luo Feng’s consciousness could resonate with that vast land, and after the drop of origin law was absorbed by his soul, his soul’s consciousness underwent an evolution, and at this time, he felt an incredible change within.

It was almost like a mother calling her child.

Sou!

He sent out half of his consciousness swiftly leaving the vast land and heading towards the call.

Rumble…

The gold ocean was vast and endless.

This was the gold origin law source. The entire primal universe’ gold origin law source, an endless amount of energies emanated from that ocean, a powerful pressure far exceeding any warrior Luo Feng had ever encountered came from it. Luckily…he had already received the law recognition, and had absorbed a drop of the law itself.

Rumble…the powerful waves rose up ferociously.

His consciousness was within that drop of origin law, floating within the ocean, constantly searching for comprehension of the gold law.

Another part of his consciousness was within the vast land, while the 3rd and final part of his consciousness was focused on studying the sacred tablet.

“After my consciousness acquired the gold origin law recognition, my gold law comprehension speed now is not any slower than my space law’s.” Luo Feng looked at the tablet before him, feeling glee within. Getting the law recognition meant…that his comprehension had already reached a very high level.

“20 days of study.”

“Sector lord level study is hundreds of times faster than domain lord level, plus I’m right in front of the sacred tablet. My one day’s worth now is about a 100 years of my domain lord level study.”

“20 days is close to 2,000 years of domain lord study.”

Luo feng exclaimed.

And this was simply the difference between sector lord and domain lord. Within the Virtual Universe Company, the primal region sector lord members had the most intense competition. The many generations of genius battles, hero battles, along with the elite absorption throughout the universe etc, countless years of elites gathered in the sector lord level.

Yet only a 100 end up in the primal region sector lord level!

“No wonder they all place so much importance on sector lord level geniuses. A day’s worth of study is akin to a domain lord’s 1 year’s worth. If a sector lord studies for tens of thousands of years…how can the domain lord level genius even compare?” Luo Feng thought.

“Hm.”

“And this tablet is just right along the path of gold and space, it’s benefits are huge to me.” Luo Feng stared at the tablet. “I still have 10 days, I cannot waste any time.”

Acquiring the law recognition distracted Luo Feng for a couple of minutes, after which he once again immersed himself into studying the tablet.


Chapter 657: Technique Manual

In an instant, 30 days had already passed.

“Human, your study time is over, you can come out now.” The guardian’s voice boomed in Luo Feng’s ears and mind, immediately waking him up. Luo Feng’s consciousness swiftly returned from the universe source and law ocean, dragging himself out of the picture of the howling demon.

“Hu.”

Luo Feng couldn’t bear to look away from this majestic dark green sacred tablet.

“It’s a pity that I only had a month. This sacred tablet’s effect on me is even better than the 9 universe tablet.” Luo feng thought. The first 7 pictures of the 9 universe tablet were all about space laws, hence it wasn’t of much help towards his comprehension of the gold laws, at least far from this sacred tablet.

…

Luo Feng turned and left, following the pathway out.

The black armored statue like guardian stood there,and beside him was a 3m tall huge blade stuck in the ground. A formless pressure engulfed the entire region, making anyone who entered the tower feel its strength.

Rumble…The huge door of the tower opened and the light from outside shone in.

Luo Feng walked out alone.

“Your majesty.”

“Your majesty Luo Feng.”

Outside stood Dylan, the 5 sector lords, Si Fan Qi and Kashna. Luo Feng smiled and nodded at them, after which his expression changed, because there was another huge group of gold horn youths gathered outside and they were all like red eyed bulls, all staring hard at him.

“Human Luo feng, I want to challenge you.”

“Human, accept my challenge.”

“If you have the guts, accept the challenge.” All sorts of noises echoed.

Luo Feng frowned and walked towards Dylan and the group, communicating, “Let’s first return to the training quarters. Elder Si Fan Qi…I’m relying on you to deal with this mad group of people.”

After which Luo Feng brought Dylan and the rest, swiftly leaving the sacred tablet tower. He felt somewhat fatigued at this point.

Within the training quarters.

Luo Feng and the group pushed through the door and entered, Luo Feng spoke while he walked, “Dylan, I’m about to revise and go over my 30 days worth of study before heading to the technique tower to choose a manual.” After which, he immediately chose a quiet room to study.

“His majesty sure is hardworking.” Dylan shook his head and smiled at the scene. “Hm, before I reached undying, I was this hardworking as well.”

After reaching undying and acquiring eternal life, one was no longer bound by a life span.

Plus, the improvement speed on undyings was extremely hard and slow, as slow as their eternal life. It made undyings lose motivation and so they stopped being as hardworking as before.

…

Luo Feng sat crossed legged in the room. His eyes were closed as he pondered over the things he hadn’t fully grasped about the tablet, and began to dissect and go over them.

Unknowingly, half a month had passed.

“Hm.” Luo Feng opened his eyes and revealed a smile, “I’ve finished my study of the tablet.”

30 days of study time, it was akin to his own study at sector lord level for 8 years, and close to 3,000 years of that of his domain lord level.

And from birth till now, Luo Feng wasn’t even 300 years old yet.

His improvement during these 30 days was huge!

It couldn’t be helped, the 9 universe primal chaos tablet’s difficulty grew in a totally non linear fashion.

Even though he had comprehended the raindrop and drizzle picture’s 36 wonders, the torrent picture’s 72 drops were more than a hundred times harder. Even after these 30 days, it only allowed him to raise his comprehension level to about the level where he could pass the 9th level of the heavenly bridge.

Comprehending the 108 drops.

A normal warrior’s comprehension would stop at simply understanding them, this was akin to scoring a 100 on a test.

And comprehending the essence of it, was akin to getting even all the extra and bonus questions right, getting a score of 150. Even though it was slightly harder and more profound, it’s difficulty was still over hundreds of times harder! This was also why when True Yan emperor made Luo Feng study floating blood, he was worried Luo Feng didn’t have the capability to do so.

Because comprehending the essence was simply too difficult.

30 days worth of time!

It was akin to his domain lord level’s 3,000 years worth of study, allowing Luo Feng to completely understand the 3rd torrent picture, meaning he would get a 100 points on the 72 more profound drops and finishing it meant he already had the comprehension level to pass the 9th level of the heavenly bridge.

“It’s only been 30 days and I’ve managed to raise my comprehension level from the 7th to the 9th, comprehending the torrent picture.”

“A normal warrior, in theory would continue on to the next picture, the 4th!”

“However I cannot do so.”

“I have to go through the most profound essence of the 72 drops.” During his 30 days of study, he also realized how hard the essence of the 72 drops was.

The 1st 9 were easy, he had completed them back in primal chaos city.

The middle 27 were much harder, through Blood River world’s encounters, raising his study speed and having the beast god statue to refer to, along with the leader of Tian Shi palace’s guidance, he had finally finished them!

The last 72 were the hardest!

After doing the impossible level mission and studying on earth for 50 years, as well as the 30 days of study with the sacred tablet (close to 3,000 years of his domain lord level study), he had only reached a 100 points level with the torrent picture, having comprehended none of the essence of the 72 drops!

Hard!

It was incredibly hard!

Normal absolute geniuses, even at sector lord level would spend their entire 1,000 era life spans, yet not even comprehending all of the 108 wonders of the space law. Only the true pinnacle super geniuses had the ability to waste so much time doing so. The pinnacle genius back then…Lian Luo, spent 3,000 years studying in primal chaos city.

In terms of talent, with the golden horned beast triggering the blood river energy, the space favored child Mosha clansman, together it probably exceeded the talent of the super genius of humanity Lian Luo.

Especially since Luo Feng had the beast god statue, he could study it at anytime to work on the Sky tearing claw!

Luo Feng walked out of the room and immediately a few silhouettes flashed past him. Dylan, the 5 sector lords, Elder Si fan Qi and Kashna appeared.

“Your majesty’s study is finished?” Dylan smiled.

“Hm.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

“Congratulations your majesty, how was your study of the sacred tablet?” The elder looked at him.”

“Very good.” Luo Feng complimented.

It was indeed good.

Right now, simply with his law comprehension he could pass the heavenly bridge’s 9th level. The moment he completely unleashed his spirit energy amplitude, reaching over 3,200…his power would rise by over 10 times. If he were to attempt the heavenly bridge, he could completely pass even the 10th level!

In terms of law comprehension alone, he could pass the 9th.

His battle strength however could pass even the 10th!

“The demon note inheritance truly benefitted me.” Luo Feng complemented within. “However, my improvement is too shocking. It’s not good for me to attempt the bridge now.” Knowing his own improvement was good enough, there was no need to attempt the bridge now, since there was no special benefits from it.

Without any benefits, it was best to keep it to himself.

“Let’s go to the techniques tower.” Luo feng said.

“The tower has all of the manual samples of the gold horn race, and many of them are unique and unconventional. Even our human treasure trove may not necessarily have some of them.” Dylan smiled, “Your majesty should choose wisely.”

“Of course.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

Of course.

Wanting to buy a manual within the Virtual Universe Company required huge amounts of points to exchange. Normal manuals go up to 10,000 points, while some valuable ones go for over a million and even tens of millions. As for those incredibly valuable ones, even his teacher True Yan Emperor cannot afford them.

“I have to choose an expensive one, I’ll pick from the most expensive.” Luo Feng thought.

The more expensive, the higher its value, this was without a doubt.

Picking one suitable for himself from the expensive ones.

After a while, Luo Feng and the group followed the pathways within the sacred land and reached the majestic white tower. The entire tower was as tall as the sacred tablet tower, its color however was all white, and it gave off a calming energy. As one got closer to it, his soul felt a calm like never before.

Luo Feng and the others climbed the stairs and entered the huge door of the tower, arriving at the 1st level.

“This 1st level is the reception level.” Elder Si Fan Qi introduced.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” A piercing sound resounded, a female gold horn race clansman dressed in dark green armor walked over. She gave Luo Feng the feeling of an absolute candle like beauty! Due to their construct being completely different, they skin was very different from that of humans.

The female clansman smiled, “Your majesty Luo Feng, I am Se Si, the receptionist here at the technique tower. I’ve longed since received the doyen palace’s order. Hence, you can pick anyone of the manuals from here, read through it and select it and I will pass the real manual to you. I will give a full explanation to your majesty, giving you enough time to make your choice. Afterall the number of manuals here are simply too huge, and there are a total of 999 levels in this tower, every level having millions of them.”

“I’ll be in your care miss Se Si.” Luo Feng said.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, we’ll be waiting here. There’s no rush at all, pick wisely, as this is a rare chance.” Elder Si Fan Qi said.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng looked at Se Si.

“I’ll lead.”

Se Si walked beside Luo Feng and swiftly reached the 2nd level.

Luo Feng glanced and took a cold breath. The space within the 2nd level was huge. Just its height alone was about 100m tall, with the many racks of books separated and evenly spaced out. Even though they were placed neatly, the space was simply too huge, and each rack was 70-80m tall, and each of them stored many many books.

The entire 2nd level alone definitely had over a million manuals.

“So many on each level, and there are 999 levels?” Luo Feng exclaimed, “The number of manuals for just one race, it’s absurd.”

Luo Feng gazed about.

He discovered every manual had a price on them. Some of them had a price of 120 contribution points, some 388 points.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” Se Si explained beside him. “The 999 levels of manuals are separated according to their points. The 1st level’s most expensive book only requires 612 contribution points. The 2nd’ level’s cheapest requires 612 points. It gets more expensive as we go up!”

“How expensive is the 999th level?” Luo Feng asked.

“The cheapest book on the 999th level requires about 98 million contribution points, and the most expensive requires about 1.6 billion points.” Se Si said, “Of course, your majesty Luo Feng can pick anyone of them.”


Chapter 658: 999th Level

The female gold horn race’s Se Si couldn’t hide her sense of envy in her voice.

“Then let’s head to the 999th level.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Yes.” Sesi muttered within, this was expected.

…

Luo Feng went with Se Si up the stairs continuously. The higher they got, he noticed that the number of gold horn race people got lesser and lesser. When he reached above the 800th level, he would only occasionally see one receptionist there on each level, and no gold horn race clansmen at all.

Se Si said, “The rules of our gold horn race is that you must have sufficient contribution points to enter each level of the technique tower. Without sufficient points, you can’t even go higher. Like to enter the 999th level, one had to have at least enough points to purchase the cheapest manual there, which is about 98 million points. As for your majesty…since you can choose whichever manual you want, you don’t have such a requirement.”

Luo Feng smiled.

Contribution points? He didn’t have any at all.

“How do you calculate the contribution points of your race?” Luo Feng asked as he walked in the pathway.

“There are many ways to get contribution points. One of the way is to conceive a child within the race, that has some points, and as your strength rises, reaching domain lord, sector lord level and even breaking through to undying, you will get all sorts of points. Also, joining the army…battling in wars for humanity, any contribution there can be exchanged for points as well. In summary, as long as you’ve made contribution to our race, you will receive points.” Se Si said. “The points have great use. They can be used to buy manuals, weapons, treasures, even large amounts of guards, basically things that currency cannot buy, the points can.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

The gold horn race was a subservient race that felt threatened. Hence, their contribution points importance had been raised to such a terrifying level, even having children would give points. And with such a system…the race’s push to improve and grow would naturally be shocking. One could definitely see this from their relentless passionate challenges from the past.

…

Unknowingly they had already reached the 999th level.

At the entrance there was a receptionist there. His main job was to ensure those that chose the manuals had sufficient contribution points, secondly, he was there to make sure no one damaged the books.

“You majesty human Luo Feng.” The old man bowed at the entrance.

Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

This old man was actually an undying, he was also the strongest member of the receptionists within this technique tower.

“Human Luo Feng.” The old man pointed at the racks about and said, “The entire 999th level is the highest level of the tower. The most valuable manuals are all gathered here, and there are a total of 128,120 manuals here. Please take a look around and pick one.”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng walked beside the high racks of manuals. Se Si spoke beside him, “Your majesty Luo Feng, the layout of the manuals grow in value the more we walk inwards. The ones in the innermost area requires the highest contribution points, and the one there at the highest rack in the corner is the most expensive manual of this 999th level.” She said and pointed up at the right corner.

“Ah?” Luo Feng smiled and he flew straight over there.

Each shelf was 60-90m tall. The manuals were spaced out, at least much more than what he saw at the 2nd and 3rd level. Afterall, this level only had close to 130,000 manuals.

…

Luo Feng flew past the many shelves and finally reached the left corner, before the top most manual.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked.

The manuals here were much more expensive than the previous ones. This 80m tall shelf only had 3 manuals, the least of all the shelves, and these manuals had their prices beside them. The one on top was at 1,680,000,000, the one below that was 1,620,000,000,and the one right at the bottom was 1,600,000,000’.

They added up to 1.6 billion!

“Hehe.” Luo Feng floated at the top of the shelf and took the most expensive one to read, the sample book alone felt like it was made of a peculiar metal.

“F grade metal manual? Extravagant.” Luo Feng was shocked, after which he shook his head and laughed. “Seems right, as an important place where the manuals are constantly being passed down to the entire race, these manual samples have to last for over trillions of years, and normal materials would definitely decay. So, it’s not strange that they are using F grade metals. Afterall, one Yun Mo Planet ship’s hybrid copper essence is enough to make countless manuals. To the gold horn race, this is indeed nothing.”

He lifted the heavy 2 ton book.

The name on it was Gold Soul.

“What’s this? Normally the most pinnacle manuals are all about space or time etc. A book specifically on gold laws alone can’t be that great.” Luo Feng muttered to himself, as comprehending the gold laws alone would only make one a normal undying, and comprehending either space or time would allow one to become a powerful universe knight.

Just like…

One had to pass the 21st level of the 9 universe heavenly bridge to be deemed having comprehended the space laws.

And if one didn’t go study space or time and worked solely on gold, wood etc, even if they become undying, they would only have the strength to pass the 10th level. Of course, the other laws such as gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, thunder and light…they were easy initially.

But the final steps were incredibly hard. This was also why so many sector lords couldn’t break through to undying. This was also why the time sector lord Luo didn’t have a guarantee of breaking through to undying within his final 20,000 year life span.

The final step was extremely hard.

However simply getting the law recognition was much easier, like for example the gold laws.

In contrast, as one has to pass the 21st level to be deemed having comprehended the space law, to acquire the space law’s recognition…was tens of thousands of times harder than the gold law. And one had to reach an extremely high level in comprehension of each of these laws to gain recognition.

For example…

Teleportation?

Basically, getting the space law recognition was an incredibly hard thing to do.

“Gold soul?” Luo Feng flipped open the metal book and began to read.

Gold Soul, it was created by a great doyen of the gold horn race Kalofu. It was mostly about approaching the space law from the gold law, and after combining the two to create the terrifying attack Gold soul. It was purely a battle technique, not about comprehension.

Just like the Black hole evolution in the human treasure trove, that was purely a battle technique too.

Battle techniques were purely about getting stronger.

The time space scribbles Luo Feng exchanged for however was to assist in comprehension of the laws and understanding the 9 universe tablet. It belonged to a completely different style. One was for study, another was for battle.

Which was better?

It depended on who read it! Battle techniques could make one stronger while study types could raise one’s comprehension of the laws faster, and make their laws more solid.

Gold Soul had a total of 72 techniques from low to higher level.

The 1st technique to the 35th was usable to those under undying.

The 36th to 70th was for undyings and universe knights.

The 71st and 72nd were only for universe knights.

“If one can comprehend the 1st 35 techniques during sector lord level, he will be completely able to defeat an undying? Akin to an official level undying?” Luo Feng looked at the explanation of the manual and took a deep breath. This power is indeed terrifying, the Nan Shen Armament’s 9 levels comprehension only reached the level of a normal undying.

Also, this was a complete battle technique.

One could use it till universe knight level!

“I currently have the beast god statue and time space scribbles. However these are all for me to comprehend the laws, I don’t truly have a battle technique.” Luo Feng pondered. “And at sector lord pinnacle, that would be the time for me to create my own technique. However before that…learning a few pinnacle level techniques would broaden my horizons.”

“Hm, this will be one of my choices.”

Luo Feng carried this book in his arm before continuing on to the others.

…

He wasn’t in a rush to confirm his pick. However, he swiftly read through the others to check which was better suited, finally picking amongst the most exceptional.

He stood before a shelf and a formless spirit energy emanated from him throughout, simultaneously reading thousands of manuals. The many manuals all flipped through together as he continued to read.

Shua.

He had read thousands of them.

Luo Feng used his spirit energy to close all those books and move on to the next bunch of thousands.

Se Si couldn’t help but open her mouth in shock at the scene, “This human genius Luo feng is seriously, seriously…”

Incredible.

Who chooses a manual like that, reading a few thousand at a time, it was simply too unbridled.

Not too long after.

Luo Feng carried 3 metal books and walked towards the side of the 999th level and sat on a chair, placing the 3 books there.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” Se Si smiled and walked over. “Have you made your choice?” She saw the 1st Gold Soul book and couldn’t help but grit her teeth.

Picking the most expensive one right off the bat, this human was seriously…

“Almost, I’ll be picking from these 3.”

Luo Feng smiled and looked at the 3 books.

The names of these 3 books were all carved on their cover. They were Gold Soul, Nan Shen Armament 36 levels and Xi Luo Duo’s Journal.

Their prices were 1.68 billion contribution points, 910 million points and 100 million points.

“These 3 all have their benefits, which should I choose. If only I could pick all three.” Luo Feng had many thoughts in his mind, after which he shook his head and laughed, he was simply too greedy.


Chapter 659: Choice

The 3 manuals had different prices.

Gold Soul was a battle technique that was extremely powerful.

Nan Shen Armament 36 levels, it was created by the greatest doyen of the gold horn race Xi Luo Duo. This manual could be said to be the simplified version of the Armament. It was also a battle technique and also a form of studying the space and gold laws techniques.

The techniques were separated into 36 levels.

The weakest 1st level was one that someone with little comprehension of the gold and space laws could still use.

The strongest last level, required someone at about official undying level.

In summary.

These 36 levels had an average level of strength. The strongest 36th level had high demands, yet it only had the power of an official level undying. These sort of special manuals, in terms of battle ability and study, had great benefits to the weaker people. However, their price usually wouldn’t go too high, and would normally be just about 100 million contribution points.

However, since it was created by Xi Luo Duo, it was priced at 910 hundred million points.

Xi Luo Duo’s journal was the records of his teachings jotted down by his undying disciples after his disappearance. It’s records were very detailed with many explanations, while showing examples along with usage techniques.

As it was a collection of records, not something Xi Luo Duo actually left himself, this journal was at most used as a reference in training, assisting type of manual. Even though it was related to Xi Luo Duo, it’s price was a total of only 100 million contribution points.

“Which one should I choose?”

“Without a doubt, Gold soul was the strongest of the 3 battle techniques. From the lowest to the highest 72nd level, even universe knights had techniques within.” Luo Feng thought. “The Nan Shen Armament 36 levels is very useful to my training and my future creation of my own techniques. According to Xi Luo Duos introduction, this manual was his most solid basic study. Of course, in terms of battle strength, it is obviously weaker, as it was only a way to use the Nan Shen Armament, it’s power reaching only official level undying level. This was at least two huge levels weaker than Gold Soul.”

“Xi Luo Duo’s journal has benefits to training, yet it’s not a systematic battle technique. However, a lot of it is made of Xi Luo Duo’s teachings to his disciples…its effects definitely won’t be weak at all. The only thing is, that it’s not systematic!” Luo Feng frowned.

All 3 of them had their pros and cons.

“Which one should I choose?”

“Gold Soul has a system for training till an extremely high point, Xi Luo Duo’s journal is purely an assisting manual.” Luo Feng frowned and pondered. “The 36 levels of the Nan Shen Armament’s strongest attack is only at the official level undying level. It’s obviously good for the basics, if only I could acquire a manual with all of Xi Luo Duo’s created techniques.”

Xi Luo Duo had a manual with techniques he created for himself.

It was extremely complex and profound.

It was a pity…

This technique tower didn’t have this manual, and only had the most basic of it, Nan Shen Armament 36 levels.

“Hm, I’ve made my decision.”

Luo Feng suddenly stood up.

Beside, Se Si who had been patiently waiting asked shocked, “Your majesty Luo Feng, have you made your choice?”

“Hm, this one.” Luo Feng picked the center book.

“Nan Shen Armament 36 levels?” The lady gold horn clansman was somewhat stunned. She looked curiously at Luo Feng, she had thought this human genius would pick the most expensive Gold soul. “Your majesty Luo Feng, I’ll report your choice of the Nan Shen Armament 36 levels to the upper management, you can go to the reception room on the 1st level to wait and your manual will be sent over shortly.”

“Ok.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

He headed down the stairs like a breeze.

“10 birds in the forest don’t compare to 1 bird in hand.” Luo Feng thought. “Even though Gold soul is powerful and has techniques that are helpful even for a universe knight, however, for a universe knight? How long would it take for me to get there, and which year would that be? At that level, my strength will be huge, and my perspectives would be broad. I would definitely be able to buy a good technique from the Virtual Universe Company!”

“This Nan Shen Armament 36 levels is after all Xi Luo Duo’s absolute basics learning. Back then when he created this powerful basics manual and simplified it, that was how he was able to create the Nan Shen Armament.”

“The Nan Shen Armament could be passed throughout the universe and used by many races.”

“And Xi Luo Duo, was the greatest being of the gold horn race. His basics manual should be the best one out of the entire race.”

“Even though its power is weaker.”

“To me, it’s still better than Gold souls.”

10 birds in the forest don’t compare to 1 bird in the hand.

What one cannot see ultimately isn’t realistic.

The 72 techniques of Gold souls, from the 36th level on, one had to be undying to unleash them. And he had chosen the hardest path for his golden horned beast, it would be extremely hard for it to reach undying level.

“When I reach undying level, I will naturally have my own better techniques.”

“Hence, to me, only gold souls’ first 35 techniques are useful, and these all don’t compare to the Nan shen 36 levels. Their power may be similar, but in terms of study and creativity in ways to assist the spirit weapon, it pales in comparison.”

…

When Luo Feng was picking his manual within the technique tower, within the doyen palace of sacred city.

Within a dark hall.

Bei Chuang sat silently there, his gaze was gloomy, almost like a volcano that was about to explode, the surrounding space was frozen.

“My dear brother, has being defeated by that human genius completely made you so dejected?” A purple armored black skinned youth walked over. His appearance was very similar to Bei Chuang, only his temperament was different. Bei Chuang was ferocious and explosive, this other youth however had an ice cold gaze and seemed proud and aloof.

Only occasionally would there be a glimpse of evil within his eyes.

“Big brother.” Bei Chuang stood up, his gaze complex and he lowered his head and said, “I lost…I, I lost before 1 billion of our sacred city people.”

“Losing this match is nothing. However, if you continue to be so dejected, then our teacher will be very disappointed.” The purple armored Bei Qiu said coldly.

“Teacher?” Bei Chuang was stunned.

Even though they were part of the doyen palace geniuses.

Their teacher however wasn’t a doyen himself. What level of position was a doyen, they would only occasionally give some pointers. And for them to actually take a student? That was incredibly hard.

“Get up.” Bei Qiu ordered, “Since you’ve lost, your big brother will have to defeat him for you!”

Bei Chuang’s eyes gleamed as he nodded. “Big brother, if you challenge him, you’ll definitely defeat him, as his strength is only just a little stronger than mine. It is far from being a match for you.”

“Hm.” Bei Qiu nodded.

Suddenly a silhouette rushed in from outside. After looking at Bei Chuang and Bei Qiu, the genius brothers, that silhouette stopped. It was one of the palace guards, he bowed respectfully, “Commander Bei Qiu, we’ve already received the news. That human genius Luo Feng has left his living quarters and entered the technique tower, it won’t be long before he comes out from there.”

“Ah?” Bei Qiu’s eyes gleamed as he said softly, “The chance has come.”

Sou!

Bei Qiu became a blur and swiftly left.

“Big brother.” His younger brother Bei Chuang had guessed what he was about to do. He couldn’t help but burn with passion within, immediately shouting out and becoming another blur and rushing out.

…

Within the 1st level of the technique tower.

Luo Feng, Elder Si Fan Qi, Kashna, Dylan and the 5 sector lord guards sat there and rested.

Rumble… A powerful pressure covered the area, as a group of blurred silhouettes appeared in the hall, before their forms gathered. It was 12 gold horn race undyings.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, they are delivering your manual.” Elder Si Fan Qi said softly.

Luo Feng smiled and stood before walking over.

The 12 undyings had pressure throughout the area. The leader was a green skinned lady with a hoarse voice, but her energy seemed no weaker than Elder Si Fan Qi’s. “Human genius Luo Feng, we are under the doyen’s orders to deliver the manual here. We hope you will read it here and return it to us when you are done. Also, we hope that when you leave Laos world, you won’t divulge the secrets of the manual.”

“Of course.” Luo Feng nodded.

The green skinned lady flipped her hand. A 30cm thick metal book which looked almost like a box appeared, floating up towards Luo Feng.

Luo Feng nodded and received the metal book.

Nan Shen 36 levels, the words were clearly carved there.

Luo Feng immediately flipped it open and read through it. This was the basics manual Xi Luo Duo had written. Even though it was only the basics, it allowed Luo Feng to feel the great being’s endless knowledge.

“It’s actually like that.”

“Back then, Xi Luo Duo actually created the Nan Shen Armament this way.”

“I didn’t know creating a technique for oneself can be done this way.”

“Unbelievable, with little effort but great results.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed the more he read, and his face was getting flushed as well. This was the 1st time in a long time that Luo Feng had a book that was suited for a gold and space spirit reader! Learning from only the best, Luo Feng could feel that great being’s endless knowledge, that powerful being that seemed to write this simply, depicting the essence of training.

Almost like the 9 universe tablet’s creator, when he was writing the time space scribbles, any one picture could easily create up to hundreds to thousands of techniques to explain.

“This is too, too…”

“It’s too worth it.”

“A manual that allowed up to a universe knight to unleash its techniques was worth only over 1.6 billion contribution points. This one is only the basics and yet it’s worth 910 hundred million contribution points, looks like it isn’t just the namesake of Xi Luo Duo. This basics manual is truly a pleasant surprise. If I had the entire set…than its price wouldn’t be simply so, definitely even more than a hundred billion points.” Luo Feng was pondering within. “Right, The innermost core manuals of the entire gold horn race, if I was the manager of the race, I wouldn’t place them in the techniques tower. These trump cards must remain secret. Xi Luo Duo’s entire set must be hidden somewhere else.”

Luo Feng was more surprised the more he read, it was simply too worth it.

In one breath, he had flipped all the way to the last page.

There was just one simple saying there on the last page.

“Spirit readers, their greatest strength is being able to control large numbers of spirit weapons. Hence, the higher the spirit energy amplitude the better. If at sector lord pinnacle level, your spirit energy amplitude cannot even reach 300, then give up on being a spirit reader, give up this manual of mine, it is not suited for you. You are also not suited to become a true spirit reader.”


Chapter 660: Studying Xi Luo Duo

Luo Feng closed the metal book, his eyes could hardly contain his glee.

Even though his teacher True Yan was an absolute warrior, in terms of power, compared to the greatest leader Xi Luo Duo of the entire gold horn race, it was quite the difference. True Yan was a fighter, and also not one that studied gold and space together! Hence, when Luo Feng began studying Xi Luo Duo’s book on basics, he immediately felt a veil lift and a whole new world was opened to him.

He didn’t expect that a spirit reader could train that way.

He didn’t expect that a spirit weapon could be constructed that way.

He didn’t expect that a technique could be made that way.

…

“This is what a spirit reader should truly be doing.” Luo Feng exclaimed. “My spirit energy amplitude exceeds over 3,200, even many emperor level undyings cannot compare to me. According to what Xi Luo Duo said, the most important thing to a spirit reader is his spirit energy amplitude, his basics manual has a high requirement for that too.”

There were 36 levels of basics.

They were all working with normal or smaller blades, without any origin law engravings, controlling thousands of blades at once to hundreds of thousands was very normal. Hence the higher the amplitude the better, it tests one’s control ability, law comprehension and technique creation and other sides.

“Babata, You should remember this Nan Shen Armament 36 levels too.” Luo Feng communicated with Babata within his consciousness, large amounts of words etc swiftly flowed within his mind.

With mental capabilities even stronger than a quantum computer, Babata immediately acquired the entire manual.

Within the tower.

Luo Feng controlled the metal book and flew it back towards the group of undyings.

“Has your majesty completely memorized it?” The leading green skinned lady undying said with a hoarse voice.

Luo Feng nodded.

The 12 undyings nodded back at Luo Feng and became a blur, all vanishing.

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng turned and said.

“Your majesty seems very happy.” Dylan said as he walked beside.

“My rewards have been huge.” Luo Feng smiled. The elder Si Fan Qi who was beside him was immediately happy too, whether it was studying the sacred tablet or the manual, they were all extremely valuable. However, for the gold horn race to let Luo Feng study them for free, this was definitely an investment. The higher Luo Feng’s rewards, then when Luo Feng becomes the upper echelon of humanity, he would naturally remember this.

If Luo Feng was an ingrate and chooses to forget this favor later, than the gold horn race couldn’t do anything either.

It was purely an investment.

…

The tall entrance of the technique tower was open for long periods, Luo Feng and his group walked out.

“Another bunch of hot headed gold horn race youths.” Luo Feng glanced outside at the group of domain lord level 9 youths, after which he was shocked, “That’s strange, why aren’t they challenging me? Usually these youths, the moment they spot me, they would passionately challenge me?”

Hua!

The thousands of domain lord level 9 youths that were gathered there naturally separated, revealing 2 black skinned youths.

“Bei Chuang?” Luo Feng immediately recognized one of them. His gaze then landed on the other black skinned youth beside, who gave off an aura of pride, similar to Bolan. Most of the lonely invincible absolute geniuses all gave off this aura, “That youth beside Bei Chuang looks a lot like him, is he the legendary Bei Qiu, his bigger brother?”

“Your majesty Luo Feng, that is Bei Qiu.” The elder communicated.

Bei Qiu was dressed in a purple armor, his gaze was cold as he stared hard at Luo Feng who was standing at the stairs of the tower, his voice had a hint of evil as he said, “Human Luo Feng, I heard you defeated my little brother Bei Chuang, you do indeed have some strength. I, Bei Qiu, today officially challenge you before the technique tower! Do you dare accept my challenge?”

The thousands of gold horn youths all stared at Luo Feng.

Bei Qiu’s gaze had evil as well as pride.

Luo Feng glanced at him.

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng said, after which he dodged the thousands of youths and headed far away.

This made the elder, Dylan and the rest of his group all stunned.

The thousands of youths too were stunned.

The human Luo Feng actually ran from the battle?

Humans shunning their battles was a very normal thing. However, Bei Qiu…that was the number 1 domain lord genius of the gold horn race! Even if Luo Feng didn’t dare battle him, he’d at least have to show some respect.

“Human Luo Feng!” Bei Qiu’s eyes gleamed coldly as he roared fiercely.

Luo Feng continued walking far away and not stopping.

“Do you not dare? Are you afraid?” Bei Qiu roared angrily. “Defeating my brother is nothing, if you defeat me…I dare say no domain lord level 9 in our entire gold horn race will challenge you again ever. And if you don’t accept my challenge, our gold horn race will never submit to you!”

…

Luo Feng brought Dylan and the rest of the group through the pathways, he couldn’t be bothered with Bei Qiu’s roars.

“Your majesty?” Dylan looked curiously at Luo Feng.

“I don’t wish to fight him.” Luo Feng shook his head and said.

“Before when you rejected the other youths, that was fine. But, rejecting Bei Qiu, he is afterall the most exceptional of the domain lords, if you don’t defeat him, countless clansmen won’t submit to you. Instead, they will say that you bullied the weak and are afraid of the strong.” Dylan said. “Of course if you don’t have any guarantee, then you’d probably lose after accepting the fight. It is indeed a good idea not to accept.”

“Dylan, what are you going on about?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh.

Right.

Knowing his background and growth, naturally everybody would think he wasn’t a match for Bei Qiu.

However after reaching sector lord and studying the tablet for a month, his law comprehension alone had reached passing the 9th level of the heavenly bridge. The moment he unleashed his over 3,200 spirit energy amplitude, along with his natural ability strength and the blood river energy, his strength would multiply absurdly.

Defeating Bei Qiu? Luo Feng was incredibly confident!

However the moment he defeated Bei Qiu, firstly the Virtual Universe Company’s information system would know immediately, and with Dylan and his teacher True Yan’s relationship, his teacher would know too.

His win over Bei Chuang, he could still use his blood warrior identity and special encounters to explain.

However defeating Bei Qiu…would be much harder to explain.

“The many geniuses of the universe over the history of humanity have had explosive improvements due to miraculous encounters. If I were to reveal my strength…the Virtual Universe Company would definitely conclude that I’ve stumbled upon some incredible miracle.” Luo Feng thought. “Seems right, my demon note inheritance in demon note mountain had raised my spirit energy amplitude over 3,200, it is indeed a super miracle.”

In terms of origin law comprehension, he was only at the 9th level.

With the amplitude over 3200, that was his true trump card over defeating Bei Qiu.

“If I can avoid it, it’s better not to reveal myself, my demon note inheritance was after all an unintentional swiping of Mist emperor’s slot.” Luo Feng thought. “It’s better to remain low key and train for a few hundreds of years. Even if my strength explodes then…it wouldn’t draw too much attention.”

Luo Feng and the group returned to the training quarters.

“Dylan, Elder Si Fan Qi, I’ll be studying in isolation for a while to organize my studies from the manual. After which I’ll leave from here.” Luo Feng said, after which he entered the room.

He had studied the sacred tablet and acquired the manual.

All the benefits had been received, it was time to leave.

…

Luo Feng sat crossed legged within, recalling the Nan Shen 36 levels and their details. Simultaneously he sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network, beginning to train within his own villa’s training grounds.

To study, to attempt, and to confirm!

Then combine the beast god statue and the ancient pictures together and study.

When training a manual, one had to approach it with consideration of which was the best way to study it before beginning. This was similar to the saying, If the ax is dull and its edge unsharpened, more strength is needed. Luo Feng was currently sharpening his axe to ensure that when he began training, it would be at the optimum condition.

In the blink of an eye, it had been 3 months.

“The requirements are actually so high.”

“Practicing with normal blades is indeed much higher, however this unique training method by Xi Luo Duo actually has such origin law study effects. Of course, when one constructs one’s own weapons and techniques, and when one uses these to attack, it’s indeed awesome.” Luo Feng smiled and got up. “Next time I’ll approach this manual with the mindset of constructing techniques.”

After which he left the study and walked out.

…

This manual had many paths of training.

Any path could lead far, as Luo Feng’s spirit energy amplitude was very high, he had decided on the hardest technique construction angle to study it.

As he walked into the yard, many silhouettes swiftly appeared.

“Elder Si Fan Qi.” Luo Feng said. “I’m about to head out immediately to the doyen palace and thank them and say my goodbyes! The doyen palace has been a great help to me this time, allowing me to study and picking any manual I want. I cannot just leave without saying goodbye.”

“Hm.” The elder smiled and nodded, “Before leaving the sacred city, you should go visit the doyen palace. However your majesty Luo Feng, you should know something.”

“What’s up?” Luo Feng was curious.

The elder looked at Dylan beside him, Dylan smiled and said, “Outside, over these 3 months that you’ve been studying, there have been many many gold horn race clansmen that have taken residence outside. Obviously, after you rejected Bei Qiu, a lot of them have been very dissatisfied.”

“Very many?” Luo Feng was shocked, he didn’t even feel anything.

“In order to not disrupt your study, I created a space void of noise around your room.” Dylan said.

“Thanks.” Luo Feng nodded.

“It’s not just a huge bunch of gold horn race clansman that have come and expressed their anger, even that genius Bei Qiu, over these 3 months, he’s been sitting crossed legged outside on the pathway.” Dylan said.

Luo Feng was stunned,

“He’s been sitting there outside our entrance for a full 3 months, not even moving.” Dylan forced a smile. “Hence even now, there are over 10,000 gold horn race clansmen sitting crossed legged outside.

“I…” Luo Feng was stunned.

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng said.

“Outside?” Dylan and the elder looked at him.

“No!”

Luo Feng shook his head, “I don’t care about them, we’ll fly straight to the doyen palace.”


Chapter 661: Hidden

Sacred land, the pathways outside Luo Feng’s training quarters were completely filled with large amounts of gold horn race clansmen sitting crossed legged. And right at the main entrance sat the purple armored black skinned youth Bei Qiu, he sat there crossed legged with his eyes closed.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

A beam of light shot out of the quarters and swiftly flew away.

“They are flying away.”

“The human Luo Feng is amongst them.”

“They actually just flew away?”

Over 10,000 gold horn race clansmen all began to stir, getting up together and gazing at the distant skies. There the beam of light had disappeared into the distance, they all began to get enraged.

Bei Qiu opened his eyes and looked on coldly at the scene, his eyes almost burning with flames, he muttered softly to himself, “Human Luo Feng… you coward!!!”

Rumble!

He became a beam of light and headed towards the doyen palace. His brother and those with them followed.

When Luo feng was stirring waves on Laos world amongst the gold horn race group, in a distant desolate region within the universe country, within a black silent space, without any stars or planets, only the occasional space debris, there was a layer of space that sat within.

In this vast majestic god country.

An endless gold continent rose, in a grass patch and forest, there lived many humans with many technologically advanced constructs. Amongst them, 100s of billions of humans were scattered throughout the cities, within every city there was a god like statue.

Countless people came to worship this god.

The part where humans lived was but a small portion of this entire god country.

Over 30 million km away from their living regions, within an extremely tall mountain that reached over a million km, there was a shrine at the very peak, gleaming gold. The shrine itself was over 100,000 km tall, and there were many silhouettes within.

Within the shrine.

“Jiji!”

Howl!

Many huge bug soldiers in all shapes and sizes walked within the shrine. One could even occasionally see gold bug soldiers(Undying bugs). Other than these, there were many humans in white robes, gold robes and armor, they often crossed paths but seemed like it was nothing.

In the highest level of the shrine.

A bug clan mother nest over 10 km tall sat in the center. It was surrounded by a large amount of gold bug soldiers, with a glance, there were more than 10,000.

“Master!”

3 gold robed humans were surrounded by large amounts of the soldiers, they however immediately bowed respectfully.

“Why have you called me.” A gentle voice, almost like that of an absolute beauty speaking resounded throughout the hall.

“Master.” The leading gold robed man said respectfully. “An undying stationed within the gold horn race’s Lao’s world has sent some news, the human Luo Feng is currently in the sacred city of Laos world.”

“No.9?” A gentle voice answered.

“Yes.”

The leading gold robed man said, “And another thing, no.9 Luo Feng’s strength improvement is very shocking. He publicly defeated a domain lord level 9 genius of the gold horn race Bei Chuang, that Bei Chuang had law comprehension levels akin to the human’s passing of the 9th level of the heavenly bridge. And Luo Feng barely had the ability to pass the 8th during the 1st qualification battles.”

“Is there footage?” The gentle voice asked.

“That battle was public, there’s plenty. The undying has sent over a footage along with his message.” The man pointed into the air and immediately a projection appeared that replayed Luo Feng’s entire battle with Bei Chuang.

The entire footage, Bei Chuang was subduing Luo Feng.

Finally.

Luo Feng unleashed his attack on Bei Chuang and defeated him.

After finishing the footage.

“Human Virtual Universe Company, universe level geniuses, there’s only one that reached the 8th level of the heavenly bridge.” The gold robed man said. “And Luo Feng, in these short decades, his origin law comprehension has already surpassed the strongest universe level genius. According to these speeds, in the qualification battles of the domain lords a few hundred years from now, he would probably be able to remain in the primal region. His improvement speed is too shocking. In the history of humanity, only the most exceptional from over trillions of eras, would there occasionally be such an absolute genius.”

“Hm.” A gentle voice ordered, “Raise his grade, make him no.3, the other targets will move back.”

“Yes.” The gold robed man complied.

“Also order the undyings on Laos World, get one of them to make a move.” The gentle voice said. “If he can kill Luo Feng, sacrificing one normal undying doll is nothing. However, the number of our bug clan hidden in Laos World is simply too few. We can at most reveal one undying, we cannot sacrifice more. If he cannot succeed, we just have to wait patiently.”

“Yes.” The gold robed man said respectfully, “I’ll immediately give the order to the Ganwu Universe country’s department members, and to the gold horn race members.”

“Go!”

The gentle voice said.

3 gold robed warriors bowed simultaneously and left.

In the side regions of the Ganwu universe country, universe secret region’s Laos World.

Sacred city.

Within a quiet living quarters.

“Kill Luo feng, regardless of cost?” A gold horn race undying in stone grey armor sat there, muttering to himself, “Regardless of cost, regardless of cost…”

Hua!

His eyes suddenly opened and his blood red eyes gazed coldly ahead.

“Luo Feng?” The gold horn race undying muttered softly.

“Elder, elder.” A gold horn race youth rushed in from outside, shouting, “We just received news that the human genius Luo Feng has ignored Bei Qiu’s challenge and has flowed straight from his living quarters to the doyen palace. That Luo Feng is seriously a coward, he’s so afraid that he won’t even battle Bei Qiu.” The gold horn race youth gritted his teeth.

The stone grey armored man ordered solemnly, “You can leave.”

“Yes elder.” The gold horn race youth replied respectfully.

“Doyen palace?”

The stone grey armored man became a blur and flew out swiftly, heading straight to the doyen palace.

…

The human territories were vast. Bug clan and humans, the two pinnacle races of the universe had battled for over trillions of years. The bug clan had long hidden many agents within the universe countries. The bug clan’s soul invasion and control ability was simply too terrifying, even human undyings were unable to escape its control.

In contrast.

With the entire gold horn race gathered within Laos World, the bug clan would hardly ever get a chance to invade them. Only when some powerful gold horn race warriors help in the human wars would they occasionally get a chance to swiftly invade the souls of the gold horn race warriors. And let them bring them back into Laos world.

That way, they would have pawns safely hidden within.

Laos world was vast, and with too few bug agents within, their communication reports weren’t up to date. Only after Luo Feng had created such an uproar in the sacred city did it attract the attention of one of the pawns, finally confirming Luo Feng’s incidents.

Their efficiency was extremely low.

Luo Feng and the group finally landed at the foot of the doyen palace mountain range, after which the group headed towards the palace.

At this time, Luo feng didn’t even think about the fact that there would be other races hidden within the golden horn race’s secret region, hiding to ambush him. This was after all the gold horn race’s survival area, which even many undyings from humanity didn’t know about it. Many undying humans didn’t even know of the fact that the gold horn race was a subservient race to humanity.

If even very few humans knew this, then it would definitely be extremely hard for other races to invade them.

Even so, Luo Feng was still very cautious.

Afterall he was now a supervisor envoy outside. It was actually very common for other races to assassinate geniuses, this was also why he didn’t want to expose his strength too much. Defeating Bei Chuang had already gained the attention of the other races, the moment he defeated Bei Qiu, the other races would probably risk it all to kill him.

“Elder Si Fan Qi.” Luo Feng said, “Help me request, only if the doyen agrees to meet me will I enter.”

“Ok.”

Elder Si Fan Qi easily entered the doyen palace, Luo Feng and the group stood outside as the guards all looked on curiously at Luo Feng and his group. Obviously very few had actually seen a human before.

“Your majesty Luo feng, the doyen has agreed to see you, enter.” The elder’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s ears.

“Ah?”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, ordering, “Everybody else stay here, “Dylan follow me.”

Luo Feng brought Dylan and walked through the entrance. All the guards seemed to have received their orders, hence none of them stopped these two.

…

“Lao’s world’s temperature is extremely low, the doyen palace is even colder.” Luo Feng felt like he was walking within the icy cold demon note mountain. Beside them, the palace guards and staff, along with some disciples could be seen, after awhile, they arrived in a quiet hall.

None of the staff, disciples and guards dared go near this hall.

At the entrance stood two undyings, one man and a lady.

“Human Luo Feng, the doyen is within.” The undying man said.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng nodded and brought Dylan through to the door, entering the hall.

The moment he entered, it was almost like stepping into another space. The outside was completely cut off, leaving only this extremely cold large hall. 10 undyings stood within the hall, all respectful, and above them all sat a doyen dressed in a star robe that revealed his chest.

Sitting there, the space and time had him as the center.

His gaze…held within immense endless power, it made others submit immediately.

“Human Luo Feng greets gold horn race doyen.” Luo Feng took a deep bow to express his respect, Dylan did so beside him too.

To a universe knight, such a great being, respect was a given.


Chapter 662: Elder Kebu

High in the large hall throne, an old man gazed down at Luo Feng, smiling, “It’s been a long time since I’ve seen a young human. Your youthfulness is shocking, I cannot believe that you’ve defeated that child Bei Chuang.”

“Doyen, I did it with great difficulty.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

He was shocked within.

His teacher True Yan had once told him that some of the absolute beings of the universe could see how long one had lived just from a glance. Even the eternal beings, those great beings could still see how long they’ve lived just from a glance. This doyen had probably seen that he had only lived for about 300 years.

“Indeed a doyen stationed in sacred city is this powerful.” Luo Feng was shocked. “The gold horn race has many doyens, those that are able to be stationed here must be extremely powerful.”

“Have you studied the sacred tablet?” The doyen gazed down and smiled asking, almost like he was asking his own disciple.

“Yes, it’s benefits were huge, thank you for giving me the chance.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

A carefree laughter resounded within the hall, the doyen smiled “Little punk, from what I understand, you walk the same path as our great leader Xi Luo Duo, spirit reader and a combination of gold and space laws. The sacred tablet would indeed have great benefits for you.”

Luo Feng bowed, obediently listening to the doyen’s words.

“Do you wish to study it again?” He looked at Luo feng.

Luo Feng was embarrassed, “The sacred tablet has great benefits for my law comprehension, saying I don’t wish to do so would be a lie.”

“Haha, I’ll give you another chance little punk, if you can unleash the Nan Shen Armament’s 9th level before you reach undying, you’ll have another chance to study it.” The doyen smiled, “And if you successfully breakthrough to undying, you’ll get another chance, the time will be the same as this time.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

“Whether you can go study it again depends on your ability.” The doyen smiled.

“Thank you doyen.” Luo Feng thanked him respectfully.

“Haha…”

The elder laughed carefree, “These two chances have their own requirements. If your talent and abilities are insufficient, entering the sacred tablet tower would be a disgrace to Xi Luo Duo.”

Luo Feng was shocked within, this gold horn race doyen, stationed within the doyen palace was a powerful universe knight level being. Yet, he was extremely friendly to him, giving him a chance to study right up front and even giving him a free chance to pick any manual.

“Right.”

“This doyen, he probably saw that I defeated Bei Chuang, hence he noticed me more.” Luo Feng understood immediately. “He initially gave me the chance to study the tablet and pick a free manual. However the two extra chances he’s giving me, even though they have their requirements…however if I cannot reach these requirements, he probably wouldn’t even be bothered with me.”

The doyen were the highest group of beings in the gold horn race.

Even emperor level undyings, these doyens wouldn’t be bothered, human geniuses were the same.

However!

Luo Feng and Bei Chuang’s battle had resulted in Luo Feng’s detailed information being passed onto this doyen. He swiftly determined that Luo Feng’s ability was shocking, hence he was so friendly.

The timing of one’s attitude meant everything.

Luo Feng was only a small being now. For the doyen to be so courteous, Luo Feng would naturally be grateful.

If Luo Feng were to become an absolute being in humanity in the future, it would be much harder for him to make Luo Feng feel grateful then.

After ending his greeting of the doyen, Luo Feng, Si Fan Qi and Dylan left the great hall, the other undyings all stepped out with them.

“Human Luo Feng.” A voice resounded.

Luo Feng turned to look, the one speaking was a man in a loose robe. His appearance was similar to that of the doyen before.

“And you are?” Luo Feng looked at this person.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, this is the official level undying Tu Ka Luo.” Elder Si Fan qi smiled beside and introduced. “Elder Tu Ka Luo is the doyen’s son, and the only one amongst his sons to become an undying.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Tu Ka Luo said indifferently, “Human Luo Feng, the Bei Chuang you defeated, along with his brother Bei Qiu, they are both my disciples.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

The Bei Zhi brothers’ teacher?

“I have nothing to say about you defeating Bei Chuang, I can only compliment you.” Tu Ka Luo looked disdainfully at Luo feng. “However, my disciple Bei Qiu has challenged you. Yet, why have you not accepted it? He’s been sitting outside your living quarters for 3 months, without any answer, even if you reject him, you have to show some respect to our gold horn race.”

Luo Feng smiled, “Elder Tu Ka Luo, so you are the Bei Zhi brothers’ teacher. Honestly, it was already very difficult for me to defeat Bei Chuang. I heard from elder Si Fan Qi that Bei Qiu was more than 10 times stronger than his brother, I have no confidence at all, naturally I wouldn’t accept the challenge and lose outright.”

“So you admit defeat?” Tu Ka Luo seemed stunned.

Luo Feng smiled and nodded, “Right, I’m currently no match at all for Bei Qiu. I can only go train and get stronger before accepting his challenge. As for my actions…it’s mostly because I been scared away by the huge group of youths constantly challenging me, I hope you can understand.”

Tu Ka Luo stared wide eyed at Luo Feng.

He was the only one amongst the doyen’s sons to reach undying. Over a long period of time, all of the doyen’s family had already passed on, leaving only him.

Even though he was only an official level undying, due to his special status, his position was very high.

The incident with the Bei Zhi brothers had made him very dissatisfied with Luo feng. However he didn’t dare make a scene before his father. Now that they were out of the hall however, he wanted to pick a bone with Luo Feng.

However…

Luo Feng admitted defeat!

He simply gave up! Admitting he wasn’t a match for Bei Qiu.

What could he do?

“You…” Tu Ka Luo blinked a couple of times.

“When I’m stronger and I have the confidence, I will definitely challenge Bei Qiu when I come here. As for now, I’m seriously too weak.” Luo Feng bowed. “Elder Tu Ka Luo, if there are no other matters, I’ll leave first.”

Tu Ka Luo could only nod.

Luo Feng brought Dylan and Si Fan qi and left.

“This…” Tu Ka Luo stood there for awhile, speechless.

Luo Feng walked within the doyen palace and bumped into the Bei Zhi brothers who had returned to the palace.

“Human Luo feng, please accept my challenge.” Bei Qiu stood before Luo Feng.

“I have matters to attend to, please make way.” Luo Feng said. Beside him, Dylan released his undying energy, that powerful force immediately brushed aside Bei Qiu like sweeping, Luo Feng, Dylan and Si Fan Qi swiftly left after.

“You!”

Bei Qiu was so angry he gritted his teeth.

…

Luo Feng walked through the winding paths of the palace, thinking within, “Now that I’ve studied the tablet and acquired the Nan Shen 36 levels, it’s time to leave. At most I’ll pay a visit to the Pagoda tribe and return to the milky way after.”

“Later on, I’ll have to exchange points for the 10,000 Soul control, but it’s extremely expensive. However, in order to control the mother nest, it’s worth it.”

“I’ll train on earth for awhile and after I completely control the mother nest, I’ll head over to primal chaos city. There I’ll train for awhile. I have quite a few chances to study the 9 universe tablet that I can use.”

Virtual Universe Company core members all had the privilege of entering primal chaos city.

When they first join at universe level, they had a free 30 year chance, that was Luo Feng’s 1st time.

At domain lord level, they had another free chance to study there for 300 years.

At sector lord level, they had another free 3,000 year chance.

These were all given!

A privilege for the core disciples!

Also when they enter primal chaos city, even though at domain lord level they are given 300 years free, Luo Feng could totally train for 500 years or even 1,000 years, the only price was…the excess time required points! The longer they stayed there, the more points it required. If one had enough points, it was possible to stay in primal chaos city for 100s of thousands of years.

The moment their points were finished, primal chaos city would force Luo Feng to leave.

…

Luo Feng thought about his future as he left the doyen palace with Dylan and elder Si Fan Qi.

“Your majesty.” The 5 sector lords and Kashna welcomed him.

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Your majesty, human Luo Feng. Your majesty, human Luo Feng.” A very passionate voice resounded.

Luo Feng looked up, in the distance a blur silhouette swiftly flew over, condensing about 10m away from Luo Feng. It was a stone grey armored man, his eyes seemed like red jewels, they looked at Luo Feng and smiled, “I’m called Kebu.”

“Kebu.” Elder Si Fan Qi shouted, shocked.

“Elder Si Fan Qi.” The stone grey armored man bowed slightly to express his respect.

Luo Feng looked curiously at the elder, the elder smiled, “Your majesty Luo Feng, this is the elder Kebu, he’s an undying from the Tuo Yan tribe. He’s participated in the wars with humans several times, he has quite a few human friends.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng looked at the undying Kebu.

“When I was in sacred city, I heard about your majesty’s events. I didn’t dare disturb you all this while, now that you are about to leave, I decided to come send you off.” The stone armored man smiled. “It’s truly a happy occasion for me to see a human in my hometown.”

Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

“Where have your majesty gone in Laos World?” The stone armored man smiled.

“Just sacred city, ah, the pagoda tribe too.” Luo Feng replied.

“Ah.” Elder Kebu said, “Your majesty Luo Feng, the home of the gold horn race, Laos World, has an incredibly ancient history with many mysterious places that may have benefits to your training. Have you never gone to those places?”


Chapter 663: Unexpected Rewards

“Which special spots are there?” Luo Feng asked without too much interest. As Laos world was a constructed vast continent and not truly a naturally formed entity from the universe, even if there were any treasures left behind by any warrior of the gold horn race, it would have long been swept up.

Elder Kebu realized that Luo Feng didn’t have any interest, he couldn’t help but be shocked within, “My master told me to risk it all to kill this Luo Feng. However, beside him he has a human undying guard and Si Fan Qi. Their powers far exceed mine and as long as they are here, I have no hopes of killing him. If I cannot make him stay here in Laos world, I would probably never have a chance.”

After one’s soul is invaded, they become completely loyal to their owners.

The master’s command was the most important.

They wouldn’t even care about sacrificing their lives.

“Our gold horn race has a rule that the moment one reaches universe level, they have to leave their tribe and train outside.” Elder Kebu said. “Hence, in the wastelands of Laos World, there are a few shrines built by undyings that would absorb the exceptional youths outside. Our gold horn race encourages a few powerful beings to head to these shrines and thus make the youths all excited to actually leave their tribes and train!”

Luo Feng laughed.

“Over an extremely long time, some great beings leave behind things when they fall. We elders naturally won’t go and purposely search for these treasures.” Kebu laughed. “As for the other undyings, it’s completely impossible for them to search the entire Laos World, thus creating many miraculous places. Also, in order to raise the strength of our gold horn race undying and normal people, we’ve built a few sacred land like places. The sacred tablet is afterall only for gold and space warriors, the other warriors that comprehend other laws have their own special places.”

Luo Feng shook his head, “I have no interest.”

“There’s one place that would be a waste if your majesty doesn’t visit.” Kebu’s wrist quantum computer suddenly shot out a projection in mid air, on it was a simple picture, “Here, this is a place where human warriors definitely have to go when they visit!”

Luo Feng who had been very casual all this while blinked at the picture, his heart shuddered as his eyes gleamed.

He stared hard at the image on the picture.

“How, how can this…” Huge waves erupted within Luo Feng’s mind.

The image on the picture was a huge statue in the canyon of a mountain, the entire statue was a huge lizard like beast with a single horn, that formless pressure made everyone shudder within.

“That’s it!”

“Beast god!”

“It’s a statue of the beast god.” Luo Feng stared hard at the picture.

A few miraculous encounters on blood river continent had made Luo Feng aware of an incredibly ancient era, back when the absolute powers of the Virtual Universe Company had clashed with a terrifying beast god of blood river continent over and over. Even though he hadn’t personally seen the beast god, he could still feel its terrifying power.

It far exceeded the golden horned beast and the Hui Suo beast!

…

Elder Kebu noticed Luo Feng’s expression and immediately smiled. “This is an incredibly special place in our gold horn home. It’s also where the great warriors of humanity would almost all go…Beast god canyon!”

“Beast god canyon?” Luo Feng looked at elder Kebu.

The gold horn race called this statue the beast god too?

“Our race’s greatest being doyen Xi Luo Duo had once said that his studies all came from the comprehension gained from this statue.” The elder exclaimed. “Back then, he even said that as long as anybody can comprehend this huge beast god statue, then that person’s power would raise similar to his own.”

Luo Feng shuddered.

Power similar to Xi Luo Duo’s level? Xi Luo Duo, that was the greatest leader of the entire gold horn race! He single handedly established the entire race, how powerful was he?

“And because doyen Xi Luo Duo said that.” Kebu sighed, “Over the trillions of years, countless people of our race have gone to study the statue. However, none have discovered any mysteries. Even the doyens, I’ve never heard of any that have comprehended this statue. Even the great beings of humanity, those that come here all specially come to study the statue, wanting to comprehend it and have power as strong as Xi Luo Duo, however…I haven’t heard of any that have comprehended it.”

“Of course, there may have been some among humanity that have comprehended it without announcing it.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

So…

The greatest leader of the gold horn race Xi Luo Duo, he got his power from comprehension of the beast god statue.

“Elder Si Fan Qi, is there such a thing?” Luo Feng looked at the elder beside.

“Hm.” Si Fan Qi nodded, smiling as he shook his head. “However over countless years, other than the great Xi Luo Duo, there hasn’t been anyone else who has comprehended the statue. Even I, looking at it, I feel as though it’s a normal statue, and there is nothing special about its structure, I cannot understand it at all. There’s even been a doyen that made a suggestion to slice open the statue to see if there’s anything special hidden within. Of course… out of respect for Xi Luo Duo, and belief in his words, they forbade such an action.”

“However, no one could make anything of it.” Si Fan Qi shook his head.

Luo feng was shocked.

Si Fan Qi, was an emperor level undying, a powerful being who was able to teleport. If placed in the Ganwu universe country…probably only the ganwu universe country leader would be stronger than him. For such a being, even he couldn’t make anything of the statue.

“Bring me there!” Luo Feng said immediately.

…

The Yun Mo planet ship let the sacred city and headed towards beast god canyon.

“Your majesty, for you to bring me along to beast god canyon, thanks.” Within the control room, the stone grey armored elder Kebu said.

“It’s nothing.”

Luo Feng looked at the vast land outside, “You wanted to go visit a friend there too right. It’s convenient, we can just go together.”

After which Luo Feng turned and returned to his resting chambers.

Dylan stayed in a room right beside Luo Feng’s to protect him.

“Right now there’s no chance at all, this Dylan keeps following him, and his undying energy is wrapped around Luo Feng all the time as a warning device.” Kebu looked at Dylan’s back, thinking within. “However there’s no rush, after we reach beast god canyon, the strong there are numerous as the clouds, there’ll be a chance.”

The canyon wasn’t too far from the sacred city. After flying in the Yun Mo planet ship for close to a month, they reached their destination.

In the air along the continuous mountain range, a blood colored triangular ship slowed down swiftly and floated there.

Hua!

The cabin door opened.

Luo Feng brought Dylan and the group out of the ship and kept the ship within his internal world.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” Elder Si Fan Qi pointed into the distance, “That is beast god canyon, the beast god statue is there.”

Luo Feng looked over, faintly making the blurred silhouette within the canyon.

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng ordered.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

They instantly flew over tens of thousands of km, Luo Feng and the group floated above the canyon.

“So many gold horn race clansmen.” Luo Feng looked at the clansmen all training along the caves of the canyon. There were even more in the vast land below them. Hence, he couldn’t help but be shocked.

“As Xi Luo Duo had said before, as long as one can comprehend this statue, they would have powers as strong as his. Hence countless of our warriors gather here.” Kebu pointed below and smiled. “Look, that 3,000km tall shrine is a doyen shrine, it’s specially built here to protect the statue.”

Luo Feng could see the majestic shrine below.

However…

Compared to the beast god statue, the shrine looked ordinary.

“The huge beast god statue there laying like it’s in sleeping form, its entire body length with its tail is about 10,000 km.” Kebu explained.

Luo Feng swiftly descended and flew towards the statue.

Hu!

He landed on the ground and looked up at the enormous beast god statue. He had acquired a beast god statue on blood river world before. However that was much smaller, also his own statue was one of the beast god standing on all 4 legs and raising its horn upwards and howling. This one however was about 10,000 km and depicted the beast god laid out, closing its eyes and sleeping.

Every scale was incredibly clear.

“What terrifying pressure.”

“It’s simply a lifeless statue, yet it makes me feel like I’m facing that ancient pressure.” Luo Feng looked at the sleeping beast god statue and held his breath.

“Your majesty, not even the undyings or doyens have managed to study and comprehend any of the wonders of this statue.” Elder Si Fan Qi sighed as he landed beside. “No one can understand it.”

“I don’t understand it too.”

Luo Feng frowned and said softly.

Right.

He couldn’t see through it at all. The little statue that he got, the golden horned beast could study its tearing sky claw and he could feel the god within. With the mysterious energy emanating and the image of the beast god itself…it allowed the golden horned beast to keep improving and reaching breakthroughs.

This majestic huge beast god statue however, Luo Feng was very clear that they were both beast gods!

Other than the terrifying pressure…

He couldn’t feel anything else!

“There must be some secrets, that Xi Luo Duo wouldn’t casually leave behind this statue and fool his clansmen for trillions of years.” Luo Feng stared up at the statue. “Hm, I’ll compare it with my little statue and see what’s the difference between them, I’ll start from every single scale.”

At this time…

It wasn’t just Luo Feng, not just the gold horn clansmen, there were other absolute human warriors about, trying hard to understand this huge statue before them.


Chapter 664: Statue

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed like lightning. He looked up at the huge beast god statue which was ahead of him. While studying it, his golden horned beast body in his internal world was studying the tiny statue and they compared.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng walked about the statue, fast as a blur, each step crossing over thousands of km.

“Your majesty?” Dylan asked curiously.

“Dylan, what is his majesty Luo Feng doing?” Si Fan Qi asked curiously as well. “Does he really want to inspect every corner of this statue? However, countless people have done it over and over before yet none have found anything special.”

“I don’t know either.” Dylan shook his head.

As the two of them were chatting, Luo Feng had flown into the sky to gaze at the statue from thousands of km up, looking down at its back, neck, head portions.

After a while.

Luo Feng had gotten a good look of the entire beast god statue.

“Hu.”

His gaze finally shifted from the statue and down at the bottom of the canyon. With one glance, that area was tens of thousands of km wide and a million km long. Other than a few palace constructs there, he could see crossed legged gold horn race warriors training there.

Over 100 million of them were present. Almost all of them were sitting crossed legged, the formless energy from that…was no weaker than the beast god statue itself.

“Over 100 million warriors, the many generations of warriors have all come to study this statue, wanting to become as great a being as Xi Luo Duo.” Luo Feng shook his head, after which he swiftly descended like a shooting star, slowing down as he reached the bottom, his silver metal boots gently landing.

“Your majesty.” Dylan and Si Fan Qi came over.

“I need to think about it.” Luo Feng said so and sat crossed legged on the rocky ground, his armor splitting some of the rocks below.

Dylan and Si Fan Qi stood beside him and protected him.

“So it’s like that, this huge statue actually has such a difference from my small statue from blood river continent.” Luo Feng was shocked from his comparison before. “They are similar in appearance, they are definitely the same beast god. Their scale numbers are the same too, a total of 90,729 scales.”

“The scales however are different in structure. Also, this huge statue doesn’t have the god charm of the small one, the same image.”

Luo Feng frowned and pondered.

The two of them had huge differences in structure. One was over 10,000 km long while the other was only about 30cm tall and 1m long. However, no matter how different they were in size and posture, the number of scales were exactly the same.

Even the scales on the sleeping huge statue, the ones on it’s chest or under its claws etc, those not visible to the eye, Luo Feng used his spirit energy to check and realized, even those in between areas had the same number of scales.

It was almost as though this ancient beast lying there was made into a statue itself.

“How strange.”

“The number of scales are the same, both counting to 90,729. However, the structure of the scales are different, the feeling it gives me…is like the ones on the small statue are more organized with charm and imagery. However, there’s no rule to the ones on this big statue, yet it still gives off such a terrifying aura.”

“Just what is going on?”

Luo Feng pondered hard.

…

Ever since Xi Luo Duo had left this statue here, over the generations, there’s been countless warriors coming here to study it. Even great human beings have come here, like some universe knights and country leaders, yet none have comprehended this beast god statue.

Maybe some have understood it, but chose to keep it a secret.

However, there hasn’t been even one public announcement from anyone about comprehension of the statue.

With so many absolute beings not getting anything from it, for a small being like Luo Feng who had just stepped into the sector lord level, with some miraculous encounters, to actually comprehend it… it was without a doubt just a dream.

…

Luo Feng pondered there, and in an instant, over 3 months had passed.

Dylan, Si fan Qi, Kashna and the 5 sector lord guards all stood guard patiently. Elder Kebu had left immediately after arriving, saying he wanted to meet his good friends in the beast god canyon.

Dylan and the 5 sector lords weren’t bored either. This was the 1st time they saw this huge beast god statue, they all tried their best to study it.

They were dreaming too…

That they may be able to comprehend it, that way, they would improve by leaps and bounds.

Si Fan Qi and Kashna however were bored to death, they had already tried it a long time ago.

“Hu.”

Luo feng took a long breath.

“Your majesty?” Dylan and Si Fan Qi immediately looked over.

“Nothing.” Luo Feng smiled and shook his head, after which he closed his eyes again and sent a large portion of his consciousness into his internal world.

Within his internal world, it was vast and endless.

The Yun Mo planet ship was stopped in a grass patch. With his internal world now, the ship needn’t be placed in Babata’s storage unit anymore.

“Babata, combine the pictures I recorded before with this beast god statue and project it.” The black clothed Luo Feng stood beside the ship and ordered.

“Understood.”

The Yun Mo planet ship immediately shot out a beam of light, forming an enormous sleeping beast god statue that stretched over 10,000 km long. This was exactly similar to the one in reality. Even if it was a simple projection, it still gave off a terrifying aura.

Only that it wasn’t as obvious as the real statue.

“I dare say.” Black cloth Mosha Luo Feng stared at the projection, his eyes gleaming, “The problem is in the scales!”

“The huge statue and the small statue both have a peculiar 90,729 scales. One of them is over 10,000 km long, while the other is just 1m in size. Yet, they have the same number of scales. I think that if the number of scales are any different, there wouldn’t be any aura.”Luo Feng had many thoughts in his head, immediately ordering, “Babata, make some changes to this projection, split one of the big scales into 2.”

“Yes.”

Babata complied.

One of the huge scales on the projection in the sky was split into 2 smaller ones.

Rumble!

The pressure dissipated and the originally terrifying projection became nothing more than a simple projection with no aura at all. “Indeed!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Revert it back to original, also, change the veins of one of the scales.” Luo Feng ordered.

After reverting it, the pressure came back.

With the change in the veins, the pressure dissipated again.

…

Luo Feng could confirm that the problem was within the 90,729 scales.

Black cloth Luo Feng waved and the mini statue of the beast god appeared. This small version stood on all 4s, its horn raised and it gave off a powerful aura. That unique charm…was almost like staring straight at a living ancient beast god.

“Babata, blow up the projection of this small statue up to 10,000 km long.” The black clothed Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes.”

Immediately, two incredibly huge beast god projections appeared side by side. One was in a sleeping position while the other standing upright, filled with killing intent and ferociousness.

“Both have pressure.”

The black clothed Luo Feng rubbed his chin, muttering, “The sleeping beast god’s pressure is stronger, the standing one is weaker somewhat. No…not right, I should say the standing one has charm and unique imagery, and it’s controlling its aura, while the huge statue doesn’t have that charm or unique imagery. Looking at the sleeping beast god statue, I cannot picture a living beast god, as it has no charm. also its aura is released loosely, hence it feels that strong.”

As long as one wasn’t dumb.

One could clearly feel that the standing beast god statue was obviously more lifelike, almost like a real beast god.

One felt like it was living.

While the other gave the sensation that it was dead.

The difference was huge.

“The veins on the scales are different.” Black cloth Luo Feng thought. “I’ll give it a shot.”

Rumble…in the distance a black silhouette flew over, landing in the grassy patch. It was an enormous mountain like beast, the golden horned beast.

“The golden horned beast is extremely adept at studying the beast god statue.” Black clothed Luo Feng muttered. “I’ll let it try and carve the beast god statue.”

Right, carve!

Personally carving one to experience the difference in the veins, this was the method Luo Feng had come up with.

“I’ll first carve a sleeping beast god statue.” The black clothed Luo Feng thought. Immediately, a large amount of world energy gathered and a huge mountain range over 10,000 km long was purely used for carving. Also, the world energy simultaneously produced over 10,000 different sorts of carving blades, the big ones were over 100km long, the small ones were smaller than ants in size.

…

The golden horned beast stood in the grass patch and waved its scaled wings, flying around the over 10,000 km long mountain range. It simultaneously used spirit energy to control over 10,000 carving blades, swiftly beginning to carve through the mountain range.

When one’s strength reaches sector lord level, while controlling spirit energy, even as delicate as 1mm, or 1 micro meter or nanometer, not a single mistake can be made!

“Success.”

After awhile, the huge sleeping beast god statue was carved, extremely life like.

“It sure was hard, every vein on the scales were all incredibly complex. However, it’s strange that there isn’t any aura at all?” The golden horned beast stood in mid air, its gaze was curious. “No matter, I’ll try and carve the tiny beast god statue.”

…

Another over 10,000 km long mountain range appeared and the golden horned beast once again controlled over 10,000 carving blades to begin its carving.

The beast god statue’s overall shape was easy to carve, the main thing was how complex the scales were.

Howl!

As it carved the 12th scale, the golden horned beast let out a painful howl. The huge head shook and braced against the pain as it tried to carve the veins of the scale. The more it carved, the more it howled in pain, almost like a formless restriction was pressuring its body, and that formless pressure worked directly on its soul.

Howl…The beast cried in pain.

Its nose, eyes and scales on its wings, claws and tail began to bleed gold blood.

With a huge howl, it completely fell from the air and crashed into the grass.


Chapter 665: Like a God

The grass patch shook violently as the mountain like golden horned beast landed in it. It’s scales revealing traces of gold blood, and parts of its scales were even damaged as golden blood flowed from its eyes and nose.

Immediately, a torrent of world energy swiftly wrapped around the entire golden horned beast body and began to recover its injuries.

In the outside world, Laos world’s Beast God canyon.

Luo Feng who was sitting crossed legged like the other hundred million warriors in training suddenly let out a low noise of pain, both hands gripping hard at the stones on the ground, crushing them to dust.

“Your majesty?”

“Your majesty Luo Feng, are you ok?”

Dylan and Si Fan Qi who were sitting crossed legged beside him were shocked. They both discovered that Luo Feng was in pain.

Luo Feng didn’t answer, he gripped the ground hard, the veins on his forehead throbbing.

“Hu.” He let out a breath and opened his eyes, clearly fatigued as he looked at Dylan and Si Fan Qi, “It’s nothing, don’t worry.”

The two exchanged glances.

Nothing?

It would be weird if it was nothing. He was simply sitting there, under the surveillance of two great undyings, he was definitely not attacked. However, under such circumstances, he was actually in pain, it was simply too strange. Luo Feng was a universe warrior, he wouldn’t fall sick for no reason, it was impossible.

“Looks like his Majesty has some secret.” Dylan thought.

“This human Luo Feng has some secret he’s not willing to share.” Si Fan Qi thought so too.

Luo Feng sat there and looked up, gazing at the incredibly huge sleeping beast god statue, shocked within.

“Why.”

“I was simply carving the scales of the small beast god statue, yet I was hit by a formless pressure that not only acted on the golden horned beast’s body but even its soul. Even my human and mosha souls were affected. How could this be?” Luo Feng found it hard to believe.

He had already completed carving the larger sleeping beast god statue. Yet, why was there a problem in carving the small one!

And the golden horned beast was in his internal world, which was its own territory. Hence, it could never be attacked by absolute warriors. What’s more, Dylan and Si Fan Qi were beside him…

“If I wasn’t attacked by other warriors, what was I hit by?”

“If I wasn’t attacked, there’s no way I would be so heavily injured.”

Luo Feng frowned and pondered.

“The golden horned beast is within the internal world, even so it was heavily injured. The formless pressure affected both the physical body and soul, and was extremely terrifying.” Luo Feng recalled the feeling before and couldn’t help but shudder. It was a feeling where he couldn’t even resist. “There’s only two explanations!”

“The first one is that there’s a being far beyond my imagination, stopping me from carving this little beast god statue, hence he punished me.” Luo Feng thought. “The second one is that if it wasn’t a warrior that stopped me, then it may be the universe laws itself pressuring me.”

The universe was pressuring Luo Feng.

Right.

According to what he understood, the entire universe was bound by laws, like if there was a split in space etc, it would naturally repair itself. The moment one accelerated to light speed, it would travel into the dark universe etc! These were all the physics of the laws of the universe. And if his actions before had triggered or went against these laws, there would be repercussions.

Within the primal universe, one had to follow these laws.

“The universe has special laws, anything that goes against it would have repercussions.” Luo Feng thought. “I’ve seen things that go against them, like the metal nameless manual on earth, it obviously has the ability to go against the foundations of the laws.”

That great being was able to create a technique that went against the universe laws itself.

However Luo Feng…

Obviously against the universe laws themselves, he had only a hair’s worth of understanding. Hence, he couldn’t avoid the repercussions. “These are the two possibilities.”

“Which one is it though?” Luo Feng thought. “An absolute warrior punishing me? Such a possibility is very low, because he would have to get past elder Si Fan Qi and even attack the golden horned beast within my internal world. To do so, it would be a being far beyond my imagination. And that level of being…is there a need for him to observe me?”

Even though Luo Feng was confident in himself, he wasn’t arrogant.

He wasn’t at a level of which such a being would bother to take notice of.

“And I only got hit when I was carving the small beast god statue.” Luo Feng thought.

He came to a conclusion.

There was a 90% chance of it being the laws pressuring him!

…

“Hu.”

After making the conclusion, he let out a sigh of relief. The universe was vast with trillions of races, producing countless powerful races. However, the laws were still fair without any bias. Even the inherited memories of the golden horned beast mentioned the existence of the universe laws, obviously these laws…were in place to stabilize the entire universe.

It wouldn’t immediately kill any life.

At least within his inherited memories, it never mentioned the universe laws killing anybody.

“My actions before had touched the baseline of the laws?” Luo Feng looked up at the huge beast god statue, getting excited within.

The baseline of the universe laws, what did it mean?

It meant that the secret within the beast god statue, was an absolute pinnacle secret, one that would render intervention from the universe laws themselves.

“If I can comprehend this huge secret, it would be just like Xi Luo Duo said, I’d become an invincible being, that would be true.” Luo Feng thought. “It’s no wonder over the countless years none have been able to comprehend this sleeping beast god. After all, this sleeping statue…is the same life form as the little statue.”

“Universe pinnacle secret.”

Luo Feng was really excited now.

Because he had felt…that he had gotten an incredible encounter!

The beast god statue may have a guidance path to becoming an invincible being in the universe! Even if one was as confident as Luo Feng, he was very clear how hard it was to become a powerful being. Humanity, gold horn race etc, these beings have been in the universe for countless years, yet the number of universe knights are still so few.

Then, beings like Xi Luo Duo, a super being that led an entire race, how rare was a being like him.

At least in the history of the gold horn race, there was but one.

“My little beast god statue is obviously much more valuable than this big one.” Luo Feng thought. “I had no problems carving the bigger sleeping one. However, I received punishment from the universe laws when I carved the little one. Also…the small statue obviously has a unique charm, much like a lifelike beast god. And I got this statue from where it used to live, the Blood River continent. Hence, there is a high possibility that it is the original. This huge statue however, may have been carved by some super being.”

…

After realizing what the beast god statue represents, Luo Feng was very clear he had to grab hold of this opportunity!

“The huge beast statue should be a low level statue.”

“The small statue should be a high level one.” Luo Feng deduced within. “Carving the big one is fine, and even though its aura is strong, it has no charm within.”

“Then!”

“I’ll take a bit at a time and study this huge statue’s scale veins. When my strength is enough, I’ll study the small statue.” Luo Feng thought. “This small statue was also left behind by some great being. Naturally if someone could carve it and leave it, it is possible to withstand the universe laws.”

Luo Feng was clear that he was but a little ant amongst humanity, and humanity was but one of the pinnacle races of the trillions of races in the universe.

Compared to the universe laws.

He was simply too small.

“Begin.”

He looked at the huge statue in the beast god canyon, releasing his spirit energy to feel every scale’s veins. Even though he had successfully carved out a similar statue, it had no aura at all, Luo Feng had to figure out why.

“Hm?”

“Ripples?”

As his spirit energy carefully scanned the veins, not like his quick overall scan before, he dug deep in and felt each vein.

Gradually, Luo Feng could feel ripples of universe laws within the veins. It wasn’t gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, lightning, light, time or space, but rather a ripple that made one shudder within.

A formless pressure that was made from these ripples.

“So the wonder is here!”

“How can the veins of the scales make these ripples. Hm, these scale veins seem to be continuous…” Luo Feng slowly began to notice some things.

Actually, whatever he just noticed, the many generations of warriors of the gold horn race and humans had all discovered long ago.

Otherwise it wouldn’t garner so many warriors gathering here to keep studying it.

…

Within his internal world.

As his earth body was carefully analyzing the huge statue, in the grass patch within, the golden horned beast was once again carving another sleeping beast god statue.

“I was wrong before.”

“The carving should be completed in one continuous motion. All of the over 90 thousand scales should be carved out in one slice, forming a wonder of the origin law that triggers the gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, thunder, light, space and time universe ripples.” Mosha Luo Feng looked at the golden horned beast carving out the statue.

Mosha Luo Feng was watching the carving.

The earth body was studying the sleeping beast god statue.

Occasionally Mosha Luo Feng would study the little beast god statue and feel its charm within, letting the other two bodies feel its presence too.

…

Studying it over and over so that he could feel it over and over.

The principle was an old dull way to study the origin laws, which was to replay one powerful warrior’s technique over and over, according to the way he unleashed it. Be it one time, ten thousand times, trillions of times…naturally, as time passed one would feel the law ripples too.

This was a dull and stupid way.

Not studying the wonders of the law, but only the way to unleash it. This method was set so that one would never completely comprehend the laws.

However Luo Feng understood that the secret within this statue may be even harder than comprehending the time or space laws, maybe even much harder than becoming a universe knight.

The universe knight level was already so far away from him.

To comprehend this secret must be even further away.

Since that was so.

Then he’ll use the stupid way, 1 time, 10k times, trillion times, replaying.

“This replaying technique doesn’t work well for the others mainly because this sleeping statue doesn’t have the imagery and charm of a true beast god.” Black clothed Luo Feng looked up at the golden horned beast carving. “However I have an accurate comparison.”

Mosha Luo Feng looked down at the tiny statue in his hand.

It was simple.

While carving, he would let the feeling of the beast god in the tiny statue emanate over and over, so that while the beast was carving…

There would be a form and presence.

Only through that way would it be complete. This was also why Luo Feng believed that using the stupid method to study this statue was the most practical way to help improve his level of strength.

“I’m not aiming to comprehend its wonders right away. Even if I comprehend only just a small bit of it, with that I would be satisfied. When I get strong enough, then I’ll look more into it.” Luo Feng thought that way, knowing oneself was extremely wise.


Chapter 666: Points

He began immediately. Within the vast internal world, the golden horned beast lay before the mountain, using its spirit energy to control over 10k carving blades to carve the statue over and over. He then used the world energy to restore the mountain to its original form and carve it again, repeatedly over and over…this became a loop!

Copying the huge golden horned beast’s scale veins, failing over and over, there was never any aura or imagery.

Failing 10 times, 100 times, 1,000 times.

“I’ve failed over 3,000 times already.”

“It sure is hard. Hm, and it’s just copying a few scales of the little beast god statue.” The golden horned beast was still fearful of the law attack from before. Hence, it copied very carefully, copying the veins of the little statue, it gave off a natural special feeling.

Almost like carving a pathway of the universe!

As it carved, the formless universe law pressure once again surfaced and gradually got stronger.

“Stop!” After carving 10 scales, the beast stopped and howled as it turned to control the carving blades to try and copy the huge beast god statue’s scales.

…

Luo Feng’s earth body sat in beast god canyon, looking at the huge statue, feeling the peculiar ripples.

The golden horned beast was in charge of carving the statues over and over, trying different ways.

The Mosha body was in charge of holding the little statue and studying it, feeling the special god and imagery within that statue. The more it felt it, the clearer it was at how terrifying the beast god was, that feeling that made others shudder and submit.

…

The three worked as one!

Not resting or sleeping, completely immersed in it, as the golden horned beast carved as fast as lightning, within a day of earth’s time, it would normally have carved over 10,000 times.

Under such circumstances…

In the blink of an eye, a year had passed.

The space beasts were naturally born to be lonely. The golden horned beast stood in the grass patch, not resting as it controlled the blades like lightning, carving at the huge mountain before it, instantly finishing the statue. In an instant, world energy reverted it back to its original mountain state, and it was carved again, the speed was simply shocking.

Howl!

The golden horned beast once again used world energy to revert the mountain, suddenly stopping.

Rumble…the beast that was lying there suddenly stood on all fours. It’s dark gold eyes filled with excitement as it stared at the completed sleeping beast god statue that reached over 10,000 km tall.

“Damn!”

Mosha Luo Feng flashed and immediately landed before the statue. He raised his hand to touch the stone and felt a very faint and extremely weak ripple.

“Ripple.”

“That universe law ripple, not gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, lightning, light, time or space.” Mosha Luo Feng shouted excitedly. “Damn, we’ve succeeded! We actually captured a trace of the hint, triggering the universe source ripple.”

“Howl…” On the grass, the golden horned beast too raised its head and howled excitedly. It’s howl echoed throughout the endless grass patch and skies.

…

In the outside world, beast god canyon.

Luo Feng could barely contain his excitement as he sat crossed legged, staring at the distant statue, he felt like shouting out.

He was too excited, truly exhilarated.

“Over one year, more than a year, I’ve copied it over 5 million times! I’ve tried copying the little statue over a hundred times. After the mosha body constantly stared at the little statue and memorized its presence and imagery, trying to absorb it into my consciousness, I didn’t expect to actually succeed this one time.” Luo Feng was very excited.

This success was actually the golden horned beast’s carving that had within it almost negligible ripples.

And the huge beast god statue itself had very normal ripples, the pressure it exerted however was no weaker than a doyen’s (Universe knight). The copy of the statue it made however didn’t have any pressure at all.

“Pressure, none! As for the universe law ripples, maybe a trillionth of the huge statue.” Luo Feng thought.

“However!”

“At least there’s progress.”

“With this little progress, it’s not much help to my strength. But at least it proves one thing…my method works. I’ll continue on! Constantly raising, copying as much of the imagery till it gets stronger, then, the benefits to me would definitely be shocking.” Luo Feng knew that the beast god statue was a true treasure.

And his luck was good enough.

The little statue was impossible to copy at the moment. The moment he tried to copy more scales he would be pressured by the universe laws.

The huge statue could be copied, however without the god presence, it was hard to pinpoint whether the copy was right.

Only with the two of them together would it be a success.

And the little statue was a treasure of Blood River continent. Even though no one understood its wonders, its position was extremely high. At least the number of beast god statues circulated in the universe were extremely few, and one of them was in Luo Feng’s hands.

“Your majesty.”

“Your majesty Luo Feng?”

Dylan and Si Fan Qi both felt ripples from Luo Feng, immediately asking.

“Haha.” Luo Feng looked at both of them and said, “I’ve sat here for over a year. However, I’m very interested in this beast god statue. Hence, I may stay here for another 10 to 100 years. Elder Si Fan Qi, if you have anything to attend to, you can return to the Pagoda tribe. When I’m done studying the beast god statue here I will leave Laos World immediately.”

“My time is limitless.” Si Fan Qi smiled, “Hundreds to thousands of years are but a flash to me. Your majesty needn’t worry about me, if I have any urgent matters, I will definitely inform you before I leave.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, after which he looked at Dylan.

The two of them exchanged glances, not needing to say anything.

Dylan’s job was to protect Luo Feng, and at domain lord level, it was his final chance to lay down his foundation.

At universe level, they stayed within the nest of the Virtual Universe company, at domain lord level they had guards to protect them. However once they reached Sector lord level…they would truly be exploring the universe. Hence, during his time at domain lord level… the most important thing was his training. Dylan was willing to sacrifice his own few thousands of years of training before disturbing Luo Feng’s training.

Luo Feng’s three bodies worked together.

After the 1st success, he let the golden horned beast try copying again, discovering that he would only succeed 1 out of ten times. After another half a month of copying, it became 1 out of 3 times. Another half a month passed and it was finally solid, he could succeed every time.

At this time!

Luo Feng had truly gotten a grasp of the weakest of the beast god’s presence.

Luo Feng called this the beast god presence.

“This beast god presence, I have grasped a little of it. Even the golden horned beast’s sky tearing claw has gotten stronger from it.” Luo Feng sat crossed legged on the stone. In the distance, many gold horn race clansmen silhouettes could be seen. Over 1 hundred million of them were scattered throughout the canyon, almost like a swarm of locusts.

“Hm.”

“Since I have a bare grasp of this presence, then, I’ll station here and train.” Luo Feng made a decision.

Training anywhere was still training.

Even if he was accompanying his wife, parents, children, he could meet them occasionally in the virtual universe. It was after all 100% simulation, which was not much different from reality.

“The time I spend here, I have to first exchange for 10,000 soul control.” Luo Feng immediately sent a thread of his consciousness into the virtual universe network.

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang mountain, primal region, Luo Feng’s villa. Within his study.

Luo Feng sat before his desk and opened his laptop, swiftly opening the treasure trove folder and picking the techniques. After awhile, he found the 10,000 soul control.

This technique belonged to an extremely high level technique, and was much stronger than the soul imprint Hu Yan Bo had created. Even if Hu Yan Bo had the strength of an official level undying, back then he couldn’t do anything against this sector lord level bug clan mother nest. Even if he had money, he couldn’t purchase this valuable manual.

Afterall, amongst the entire humanity, the number of techniques created to control the mother nest were only 29.

All of them were incredibly expensive.

“Damn.”

“So expensive.”

Luo Feng looked at the price on the screen. Unlike time space scribbles, an extremely top end manual which could be purchased in parts, this 10,000 soul control couldn’t and had to be bought in its entirety.

10,000 soul control was a technique to control the soul of a slave, with an exchange price 1.5 million points (primal region 70%, absolute beginning 80%, sky and land region 90% and last phase region full price)

“1.5 million points!”

“So pricey.” Luo Feng looked at the price and felt the pinch, it was simply too vicious. “Teacher Hu Yan Bo’s soul imprint’s entire manual is only worth about 10,000 points, and just the soul imprint, would probably be only worth thousands of points. And this 10,000 soul control, which was also another soul control technique, had reached 1.5 million!”

Babata who stood on his shoulder twitched his mouth. “Stop complaining! If you weren’t a core member of the virtual universe, even if you had 2 million or 3 million mixed elements, you’d never be able to buy this manual. Normally, any warrior that acquires a mother nest would sell everything of theirs just to find a way to control it. As long as one copy of these manuals are auctioned by the Virtual Universe company, there would be fierce competition for it.”

Luo Feng rubbed his chin.

He naturally knew this.

However…

He was poor!

“My points, with the 200,000 points from the mission before, when the one year limit reaches, with two targets still on the run, I would only get 85% completion. And I’d only get 170,000 points from that. The two impossible level missions gave me the most points, demon note mountain gave me 400,000 points and Confusion galaxy gave me 500,000.” Luo FEng looked at his points layout.

His total points were only at 1,316,060.


Chapter 667: 10,000 Soul Control

The points he got were mostly from the 10 dangerous level missions and 2 impossible level missions. Hence, he had 1,316,060 points. Compared to the other universe level geniuses, he did have much higher amount of points.

The price of this 10,000 soul control was 1.5 million. With his primal region member price of 70%, he would still need 1.05 million.

“After buying this 10,000 soul control, how would I buy the 4th manual of time space scribbles. Right now I’m already almost done with the 3rd torrent rain picture. I only need to completely comprehend the 72 wonders within, after that…I’ll have to go on to the next picture.” Luo Feng frowned.

The 1st 4 manuals of time space scribbles required 1 million points!

Where would he get the points?

And the time space scribbles was left behind by the great being that created the 9 universe tablet. It was something Luo Feng left on his Mosha body to comprehend the space laws at all times. The moment he was stuck, it was easy to get inspiration from the manual. It was also a great aid to his study of the 9 universe tablet, he definitely had to buy it.

“No matter.”

“I’ll cross that bridge when I get there. Since I am alive and living, would I ever be stuck?” Luo Feng grit his teeth. “Once I nurture the mother nest well, its potential will be limitless. Even if I have to use all my points I’d still do it!”

Immediately, Luo Feng gently tapped the buy button.

Three prompts immediately popped up on the screen.

“Deal success!”

“Deducting 1.05 million points, remaining points 266,060.”

“Please wait, someone will immediately send the manual over.”

Luo Feng looked at the remaining points he had. That number 266,060 really made him feel the pinch. His points were simply not sufficient enough. Where would he get the points to purchase time space scribbles volume 4? And domain lords on mission had to await for orders from the Virtual Universe Company.

If the company didn’t send anything, there would be no missions.

Only when there were orders would there be points to earn.

“The 4th volume is 1 million points, the 5th is 10 million, the 6th is 1 hundred million, my god…” Luo Feng was in a daze. To get the best resource, he’d have to pay a hefty price, and right now he only had a little more than 260,000 points, it was simply not enough.

…

After a while.

Members of the Virtual Universe Company sent the 10,000 soul control manual to Yu Xiang mountain’s primal region, Luo feng personally went to receive the silver briefcase.

“10,000 soul control technique!” Luo Feng placed the briefcase on his tablet, with a click, he opened it.

Within the briefcase was a book. This book was larger than a normal 14 inch laptop, and it was 12cm thick. Its pages were extremely thin, the entire book contained close to 5,000 pages.

On its cover.

It had 10,000 soul control on it, and in the corner it had the name Ti Pu signed.

“Ti Pu? This is the being that created this technique?” Luo Feng thought. He keyed in the name in his laptop to find some information on Ti Pu. However the result showed that his authority wasn’t enough to get anything.

“This 10,000 soul control is one of the top techniques to control a mother nest. To be able to create such a technique, this creator must have an extremely high position in humanity. With my primal region member status, I still don’t have enough authority to search on him.” Luo Feng shook his head. Not thinking more about it, he flipped open the thick book and began to read, understanding more as he read.

Amongst the 29 techniques to control the mother nests, 10,000 soul control had a strong effect. Sector lords could control sector lord level mother nests, however the requirements were extremely harsh. According to what Luo Feng understood earlier, the most important thing about this technique was the 10,000 soul control.

The main thing was multitasking to an extremely high level.

And Luo Feng’s spirit energy amplitude reached over 3,200, meaning every bit of his consciousness at its peak level could simultaneously control over 3,200 spirit energy!

10,000 Soul control was split into 5 levels.

1st level: 1 State of mind

2nd level: 10 States of mind

3rd level: 100 states of mind

4th: 1,000 states of mind

5th: 10,000 states of mind

That 1st level was very simple. Normal sector lord level spirit readers would have to do very little work to attain success, the moment he reached that level, one could control 1 soul slave!

The 2nd level was much harder, completing it would allow one to control 10 soul slaves, normal sector lord spirit readers would have to use a lot of effort to attain this stage.

The 3rd level was extremely hard. Firstly, one had to reach up to 100 in soul amplitude to even have a chance of achieving this stage! Even with spirit energy amplitude reaching the normal sector lord limit of 100, it would require many years to study and train to actually be able to control up to 100 soul slaves.

The 4th level was even harder. Sector lord spirit readers normally had no hope of achieving this, because firstly their spirit energy amplitude had to reach 1,000! Normally, only a few emperor level undyings could reach this level. Even if their amplitude reached 1,000, finishing this level was very hard. This level allowed one to control 1,000 soul slaves.

The 5th level was a legendary level.

The 1st requirement was that one’s spirit energy amplitude had to reach 10,000. However, even among the great universe country leader beings, very few of them had reached such levels. According to the book, this level was one that even the creator never reached, it was written only according to theory and logical imagination.

Even the creator didn’t reach this 10,000 spirit energy amplitude requirement.

This requirement alone had made it so that countless undyings had no chance at all, much less the even harder training for it. However the moment one completed it, his power would be terrifying, as they would be able to control 10,000 soul slaves.

“10,000 soul slaves, they are all slaves that can train on their own.” Luo Feng exclaimed. “However, the requirements are too harsh. According to my guess, that demon note inheritance is split into 3 levels. The 1st level reaches level 3333. One’s spirit energy amplitude would probably hit 10,000 only if one fully accepts the inheritance. And over countless years, none have ever finished the entire inheritance, reaching the amplitude of 10,000. It must be almost impossible.”

“The 5th, even the creator had never reached it, he only deduced and imagined it.”

“However, for the Virtual Universe Company to sell it, the pinnacle beings of the company must definitely have confirmed that this 5th level is possible.” Luo Feng was very clear that the most pinnacle beings of the company were forces that even the creator of the demon note inheritance couldn’t go against.

…

Closing the manual, Luo Feng smiled as he sat before his desk, he was in a good mood.

According to the book’s description, one had to complete the 3rd level of 10,000 soul control to have a guarantee of controlling a sector lord mother nest. One had to complete the 4th level to have a chance of using undying energy to control an undying mother nest.

As for the 5th level?

Even the creator hadn’t completed it, he only said that one would be extremely powerful if he completed it.

One had to know that even the undying mother nest could only produce so many undying bug soldiers. The moment one completed the 5th level, controlling 10,000 soul slaves, every one of them could train on their own with their own individual train of thought. It was like controlling 10 to 100 undying mother nests, it was simply overwhelming.

“The creator was purely fantasizing and dreaming.” Luo Feng shook his head. “Simply reaching spirit energy amplitude of 10,000 is unbelievable. Even over these trillions of years, there hasn’t been anyone who’s completed the demon note inheritance. Obviously this 5th level is even harder than becoming a universe knight.”

“Hm.”

“According to the technique, the higher one’s amplitude is, the easier it is to train.” Luo Feng looked happy.

Such techniques used the amplitude as the foundation. The more solid this foundation was, the easier it was to train it, and it would also determine how high one would reach.

With the soul amplitude strength of 100, one would immediately at most reach the 3rd 100 states of mind level! Normally the closer one was to his limit, the harder it was to improve. This resulted in long periods of training and study.

However!

Luo Feng’s spirit energy amplitude was over 3,200. Training the 3rd level of 100 states of mind was simply a walk in the park!

His foundation was sturdy, training this was naturally countless times easier than those with amplitudes reaching only 100.

“According to this book, the highest I can go is the 4th level.” Luo Feng thought. “However, obviously this 4th level is much harder. After this technique…even though it emphasizes the importance of amplitude, in terms of law comprehension and spirit energy quantity itself, they all have requirements too. Normally undyings use undying energy to train up to the 4th level. Using world energy to complete this level is much harder.”

Once the plan was set, Luo Feng began to train within the beast god canyon.

His earth body was immersed in the pearl core controlling threads of world energy and training the 10,000 soul control. The pearl core was Luo Feng’s soul core, energy core, domain lord level was split into genetic and spirit energy, however after sector lord level, they all become world energy.

The mosha body was studying the space laws!

The golden horned beast continued on its copying and carving, studying the beast god presence. When it was tired, it would train its tearing sky claw. The moment it felt refreshed, it would madly carve and study the beast god presence, this study actually quickened its claw strength growth.

…

The 3 bodies all trained simultaneously.

Law comprehension, 10,000 soul control, beast god presence, all 3 were improving!

Beast god canyon, it was vast and silent.

Over 1 hundred million sat around the huge beast god statue. Even along the caves in the canyon, just the number of undyings ranged up to hundreds of thousands.

In a wall cave.

In one particular cave, sat a stone grey armored man. It was elder Kebu, he looked down below as though he was studying the beast god statue. In truth, the corner of his eyes were noticing one particular individual around the statue, Luo Feng.

“It’s been one hundred years. This human sits there and doesn’t even move at all, even Dylan and Si Fan Qi, the two undyings are not even moving.” Elder Kebu gritted his teeth. Both of them have stopped all gold horn race clansmen from getting close and disturbing Luo Feng’s training. As for killing Luo Feng…there’s really no way to do it.”


Chapter 668: Returning to the Milky Way

In the blink of an eye, 182 years had passed. During this period, the over hundred million warriors who were sitting crossed legged around the huge beast god statue along with those in the wall caves, 99% of them never got up once.

To these universe warriors with extremely long life spans, a short 182 years was simply nothing.

…

Si Fan Qi and Dylan sat crossed legged behind Luo Feng, their formless undying energy protected Luo Feng’s surroundings well.

“Mr Dylan, his majesty Luo Feng has been training here for close to 200 years, and he didn’t even have a solid plan, when will he end?” Si Fan Qi turned to Dylan and asked. Dylan laughed indifferently and shook his head, “His majesty probably wants to train as long as he can.”

“Hm?”

The two of them looked simultaneously at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng sat there and stretched his neck, moved his waist and with a noise he got straight up.

“Your majesty.” Dylan and Si Fan Qi stood up. This caused the 5 sector lords and Kashna behind to open their eyes with shock, quickly standing up.

“These few years, sorry to trouble you all.” Luo Feng turned and smiled.

“No problem.” Dylan said.

“Close to 200 years is nothing. I still thought you’d be here for tens of thousands of years.” Si Fan Qi smiled.

Luo Feng turned to look at the huge beast god statue, exclaiming within.

Training for tens of thousands of years.

Right.

If it weren’t for that mother nest on earth, he would not be in any rush to return. Staying here and observing this beast god statue, copying it, it gave him a better understanding of the beast god presence, which was very beneficial. Even though he could look at the pictures from the Yun Mo planet ship and compare them, the pictures and projection even having the same pressure.

However the feeling level was still slightly different.

“My perspectives are still very low, my copy of the huge beast god statue will do for now. Anyway, the true presence is in the little god statue. And the studying speed is only slightly slower, about half of it, I can still take it.” Luo Feng didn’t have any way around it. No matter what, he was still a member of the Virtual Universe Company.

And he was the supervisor envoy.

It was set that he wouldn’t be able to stay for too long.

1, he may have missions to do.

2, it was time to head back and control that mother nest. He had spent so much on it, the moment he took control of it it would become his limbs. Even Hu Yan Bo had regarded control of an endless bug army as power enough to defend against powerful enemies. That meant that a sector lord level mother nest was indeed as powerful as undyings, at least stopping and obstructing them, it was best used that way. And the moment it became undying level, then it would truly be absurd, creating an undying bug army, how powerful was that.

…

“Leaving now?” Si Fan Qi was shocked, beside him Kashna said too, “If your majesty has no matters to attend to, you can visit more of our gold horn race home.”

“No thanks, I do have matters to attend to. Otherwise, I wouldn’t stop my study of the statue so abruptly.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“Your majesty has some revelations?” Si Fan Qi asked curiously.

“Merely studying the scales.” Luo Feng said.

“Hm.”

Si Fan Qi nodded, “Our gold horn race have long discovered the special properties of the scales, and the veins trigger ripples, as for it’s laws, that we do not know of. As long as one is an undying, he would immediately discover this trait…and because of the veins, the statue has attracted so many here to train. Even warriors of humanity are attracted, look behind to your left, there are 3 human warriors. Those 3 are all emperor level undyings of humanity.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng turned to look, the 3 sat there crossed legged, controlling their aura, Luo Feng didn’t even recognize the 3 of them.

The gold horn race gave off the feeling of rocks and stones, that was a feeling from within.

Whether it was the space beasts or humanity, they all gave off the feeling of flesh and blood.

“There may even be stronger humans around, but they may be staying in the doyen palace beside.” Si Fan Qi explained. “Those level of beings, I don’t know.”

“Haha.”

Luo Feng smiled and nodded, “Alright, I’m done here. I’ve been very happy coming here to Laos world. Your hospitality and treatment elder Si Fan Qi, I will remember it.”

“Haha, it’s nothing, nothing.” Elder Si Fan Qi was extremely happy on hearing this.

The worst fear of being nice was meeting an ingrate, and Luo Feng’s words had made this almost grandfather like elder Si Fan Qi that had been protecting him for close to 200 years very happy.

“Elder Si Fan Qi.” Dylan spoke too. “Then we’ll be leaving.”

“Hm.”

Si Fan Qi nodded.

“Kashna, we’ll meet again.” Luo Feng smiled at the Pagoda tribe leader’s son Kashna.

“Hm, let’s meet again.” Kashna nodded.

Luo Feng and Dylan smiled.

“Let’s go!” Luo Feng ordered.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng, Dylan and the 5 sector lord guards all swiftly rushed into the skies and as they flew, Luo Feng retrieved the Yun Mo planet ship from his internal world and the cabin door opened, the 7 of them flew in.

…

Within the control room.

Luo Feng and the group stood within, gazing down at the beast god statue through the external simulator.

“Let’s go.”

“Huge beast god statue.” Luo Feng gazed down, sighing within.

Compared to the sacred city tablet, the encounter in the beast god canyon was even more important to his training!

Studying the sacred tablet and acquiring the Nan Shen 36 levels couldn’t compare to his 182 years of constantly copying the statue, while slowly strengthening and refining the beast god presence! This presence, in the initial 2 years of study was almost negligible, with very weak effect, at most allowing the golden horned beast to unleash its sky tearing claw with just a little effect.

However now!

After 182 years, Luo Feng’s control of the beast god presence had some progress. Maybe compared to the true beast god technique, it’s a trillionth of its power. However, the beast god statue the golden horned beast carved out already had some of the pressure.

Yes.

Pressure!

And with the beast god presence infused in its sky tearing claw…it made its sky tearing claw reach a terrifying level.

“My gold and space law comprehension now, in terms of power, the beast god presence has already exceeded my law comprehension side.” Luo Feng thought, “If I continue to train and make the presence stronger, it would be my ultimate trump card.”

He knew how to use it without truly understanding it.

The wonders of the ripples of the statue, Luo Feng didn’t understand them at all, a 100% of zero comprehension.

However that didn’t stop him from using it. At least after hundreds of millions of times copying the statue and refining it, it made him get a grasp the strength amplitude the beast god presence gave him that exceeded his origin law side.

Beast god presence!

Law comprehension!

10,000 soul control technique!

These 182 years, Luo Feng was mainly studying these 3.

The beast god statue was the best surprise for him.

And his law comprehension speed was also a pleasant surprise. Sector lord level comprehension was also much faster. Sector lord level’s one day, it was akin to a domain lord’s 1 year, 182 years akin to tens of thousands of years.

And the 10,000 soul control technique training was also considered fast.

1st level, it took him 3 days.

2nd level, it took him 1 year.

The 3rd level, he just finished it in his 182nd year. Actually compared to normal sector lord pinnacle spirit readers that required over a million years to finish it, his finishing of the 3rd level within a couple of hundred of years was already absurd. His foundation was solid, only the technique itself was complex, hence it took him over a hundred years to finish it.

The moment he finished the 3rd level, he couldn’t wait anymore and decided…to immediately leave for earth.

…

Standing in the control room, he gazed down at the beast god statue, many thoughts were flashing in his mind.

“Xi Luo Duo, thanks for letting me experience the beast god presence.” Luo Feng muttered. “And thanks to elder Kebu, if it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t have even come here to beast god canyon.”

“Babata, depart.”

Luo Feng ordered.

Rumble…

The Yun Mo planet ship fiercely accelerated and rushed into the skies, flying high above Laos World and quickly breaking through the atmosphere into the space…

Beast god canyon.

Elder Si Fan Qi and Kashna looked up and watched the ship leave, disappearing into the skies.

“They’ve left.” Kashna said softly.

“My mission of taking care of Luo Feng is now fully complete. Kashna, let’s return to the tribe.” Elder Si Fan Qi said, Kashna replied respectfully, “Yes teacher.”

The elder waved and Kashna entered his internal world.

Sou!

Teleportation!

Kashna immediately vanished from beast god canyon, simultaneously appearing within the pagoda tribe.

…

Elder Kebu who had been patiently awaiting his opportunity in the cave of the canyon looked up as the Yun Mo planet ship vanished into the skies. Gritting his teeth, “This human Luo Feng is completely a madman, he came to beast god canyon and never once visited the doyen palace or spoke with other humans there. He just sat there and trained. Si Fan Qi and Dylan followed and protect him like automatons, never once leaving his side at all. And the moment he finished his study…he immediately takes his ship and leaves. This punk, seriously…”

How could Elder Kebu not be enraged?

There were over 1 hundred million warriors training there. In truth, there were hundreds of sector lords and domain lords that Kebu controlled and planted there.

A few plans had already been made, Elder Kebu was already prepared to sacrifice himself.

However he didn’t expect…

Luo Feng arrived and immediately began to train, leaving straight after he finished, there was no chance at all.

“Master, I couldn’t use any of the plans to kill human Luo Feng.” Elder Keby immediately used a sector lord he controlled to enter the virtual universe network and send out a secret report. It went through many cycles of coding…finally becoming but one of the countless mails in the virtual universe network.

It finally entered a star traveller level member’s mailbox.

That star traveller member was one that lived in Huang Man universe country, within the splits of space of a god country, he swiftly reported to the upper levels.


Chapter 669: Mother Nest Queen

Milky way, within the atmosphere of that greenish blue planet, a blood red triangular ship was swiftly passing through the atmosphere and activating its cloaking device. Earth’s current security system had no way of detecting the new Yun Mo Planet ship.

“I’m back.”

Luo Feng stood in the control room of the ship and gazed down at the blurry continent below. After the ship broke past the cloud layers, he then could see the continuous land clearly below, the many cities, roads etc. He would also occasionally see a few specially persevered wastelands of the Great Nirvana period. Currently these were all museum property and preserved to let the many younger generations see and experience them.

Hua!

The cabin door opened and Luo Feng brought Dylan and the others out of the ship, keeping it back in his internal world.

“Including the time spent in the dark universe, I’ve been away from earth for about 183 years.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

“Your majesty hasn’t even reached 500 years of age. Naturally, you feel that this time is long, when you step into the sector lord level… the time you spend simply creating your own techniques would go up to thousands of years. Only then you’ll realize, that to universe warriors, hundreds to thousands of years are indeed nothing more than a blink of an eye.” Dylan smiled.

Luo Feng looked at him speechless.

Over thousands of years, a blink of an eye?

He hadn’t even lived for 500 years yet, not even half a blink.

“Let’s go home!” Luo Feng ordered.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

The 7 immediately vanished from mid air and appeared in the air above the Asian continent’s Yang Zhou city, quickly triggering the notice of the 3 sector lord guards stationed there. These were 3 of the 5 guards from Luo Feng’s team that he had left back on earth.

“Greetings your majesty.” The 3 sector lords rose into the sky and knelt in mid air.

“Hm.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

He immediately entered his home straight after and as the entire defense system of his living quarters was managed and designed by Babata, as a Living AI, the amount of effort he put made the system an extremely high quality AI, even though it couldn’t compare to a life form.

Luo Feng’s arrival naturally wouldn’t trigger an attack from the AI.

…

“You don’t even inform me when you return.” Xu Xin who was originally sitting in the quiet ancient yard with hundreds of years of history looked at Luo feng with shock as she stared wide eyed. After which she smiled, “You said before that your visit of the gold horn race Laos World would be a long one. I thought it’d be hundreds to thousands of years, at least you have the heart to come back.”

Luo Feng laughed along.

In truth, the main reason for his return was the bug clan mother nest. Naturally he couldn’t say this or Xu Xin would definitely be angry.

“Don’t we meet in the virtual universe.” Luo Feng said.

“How can that be the same.” Xu Xin suddenly revealed a peculiar smile. “Shall we have a ceremony for your return?”

“Ah, forget it.” Luo Feng said.

Family gathering?

My god.

Compared to his family the last time he returned, the Luo Family was much bigger than before. One had to know that in the history of china, there were some royal families that lasted for 200 to 300 years, and their members already went up to the tens of thousands. During Luo Feng’s return in the past, there were only over 500 male members, the entire count was over 1,000, and as the generations got later, the number of wives married was getting more ridiculous too.

He stayed on earth for 50 years.

Now it had been another 183 years.

The youngest member of the family was already Luo Feng’s 26th generation grandchild! Just counting those with his bloodline alone reached over tens of thousands. If he included the wives, then it’d be even bigger. And the most daring of all was Luo Ke Di. His wives back then reached over a hundred, now his wives alone reached 1,021! And as he had many sons, plus it’s still the early stages of the family expansion. Hence, Luo Ke Di’s lineage alone…was quite high in status in the family.

“Forget it? This family leader hasn’t returned in close to 200 years. We definitely have to have a gathering when you return.” Xu Xin mocked.

“There’s no way around it, there’s too many people.”

Luo Feng laughed helplessly. “It’s only been close to 500 years and the men in the family have already reached hundreds of thousands. I finally understand…how those ancient families in the universe have trillions in their family, having a group of sector lords just within the family.”

“What’s strange about that.” Xu xin exclaimed. “China’s history during the 3 kingdom wars, how many were left out of our population back then? However over a 1,000 years later, the number still exceeded 1 billion. And this was when food was limited, the many generations of war, life spans were limited. If we simply just expanded, in another 100 to 200 years, the family population exceeding 1 hundred million would be very normal.”

Luo Feng felt humanity’s reproduction abilities were even more amazing than before. Not humanity’s numbers, as long as they had enough space, food, survival environment, even if they only began with a few tens of men and women, after 1 hundred million years, that number would be unimaginable.

Hence, creating a universe country…wasn’t hard.

The problem was there weren’t enough territories!

…

Luo Feng visited his close family and Mei Wen and some other friends. After all, he hadn’t even lived for 500 years, and a star traveller’s life span alone reached a 1,000 years. Hence, many of them were still alive! Like Mei Wen. With Luo Feng’s resources, even if they weren’t too hard working, he still reached star level.

With enough resources to nurture, even a pig could reach sector lord level!

Of course the amount of resources required to nurture a pig was probably enough to nurture a million sector lords.

After staying home for a couple of days, Luo Feng brought Dylan and headed towards Shen Rong Jia.

Shen Rong Jia, there stood an ancient castle with close to 10 km in area. It was called an ancient castle but in truth, in terms of size it was almost a city.

Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng and Dylan instantly appeared before the castle.

“Ancient castle.” Luo Feng looked at this castle. There were signs of its age on the walls, plants sprawled all around it, and at the top of it you could see silhouettes. The formless energy was very strong, they were all universe level. There was a universe level slave team in charge of guarding this castle.

Rumble… The castle’s main entrance opened.

From within walked out 4 people, and behind them were a group of universe level slave guards.

“Greetings master.”

“Greetings your majesty.”

The 4 bowed respectfully, the slaves all knelt down.

“Hm, Di Fan, Bai Kalo, and my two sector lord guards, it’s been hard on you.” Luo F eng said. This was the place Bai Kalo and Di Fan were in charge of, the two sector lord guards were there to assist.

“Ah.” Luo Feng looked shocked at Di Fan, “Di Fan, you’ve broken through to sector lord level?”

“With the two elders here to help me, there was a day when I was on a mountain in Shen Rong Jia looking into space, and unintentionally I broke through.” The bald Di Fan said respectfully.

Di Fan and Bai Kalo were the soul slaves he had taken in before. Back then, he only knew the slave soul imprint and used that to control them, the number of slaves he could have was extremely few. Even with Hu Yan Bo’s power he only controlled 9 undying slaves. It showed how little the limit was, and Luo Feng still chose those two as he saw their capabilities and potential.

Di Fan was a slave from birth and worked hard. Even without good resources, he still reached universe level 9.

Bai Ka Lo was a genius that exceeded his teacher Nuo Lan Shan.

After following Luo Feng, they easily broke through to domain lord level and with the nutrition cabin that Luo Feng had provided, even though it wasn’t as good as the one available at Virtual Universe Company, within a few short decades, they both reached domain lord level 9. From domain lord level 1 to 9, the nutrition liquid wasn’t a problem to Luo Feng. As for sector lord level…he couldn’t do so like before.

Di Fan and Bai Kalo bother reached domain lord level 9 long ago!

As Luo feng left behind 5 sector lord guards the last time he returned, the 2 could approach these 5 sector lord pinnacle warriors for guidance. Di Fan however broke through earlier to sector lord level!

“And with your majesty’s techniques and resources, this breakthrough was supposedly even harder than when I trained till universe level 9 back then.” Di Fan said.

Luo Feng laughed.

“Work hard.” Luo Feng encouraged him, “Bai Kalo, you have to keep up.”

“Yes master.” Bai Kalo bowed.

These 2 soul slaves, it was his initial plan to invest heavily in them and eventually bring them around with him in battle. However, after he trained in the 10,000 soul control, the number of soul slaves he could control had grown much larger. Especially with the bug clan mother nest in hand, his vision had broadened. Normal sector lord pinnacle warriors would be useless to him.

The plan now was…

Continue to nurture Di Fan and Bai Kalo heavily. They were after all soul slaves, and were definitely loyal. He’ll let them protect the Luo Family well!

…

After chatting with the two of them for a while, he quickly reached the core and most dangerous place of the ancient castle.

“Hm?” Luo Feng rubbed the fence and gazed at the huge round ball below. It had a diameter exceeding 800m, and its surface had many cavities with poisonous gas emitting out and spreading around. It made the entire mother nest look blurry as the poison fog engulfed the area. Many of the universe level slave guards didn’t even dare get close.

“Bug clan mother nest.” Dylan stared at it too.

This mother nest was a huge treasure.

“Sou!” With a thought, Luo Feng placed the comatose mother nest within his internal world, leaving behind a huge empty pit with poisonous gas still about.

“We can get rid of this ancient castle.” Luo Feng ordered. “Di Fan, and Bai Kalo, you two return to the Luo residence and see Xu Xin to await her orders.”

“Yes master.” The two complied respectfully.

Sou! Sou!

The two of them became beams of light and vanished.

“You two sector lord guards follow me.” Luo Feng ordered. “As for the slave army…continue to wait here for further orders.”

“Yes master!”

The slave army complied simultaneously, shaking the land and skies.

The two sector lord guards complied as well.

…

Luo Feng didn’t stay any longer. He immediately flew towards Yang Zhou city with the two sector lords and Dylan.

Since he had placed the mother nest in his internal world and he had already finished the 3rd level of the 10,000 soul control, he couldn’t wait any longer. He decided to immediately lock himself in at home and use all his energy in controlling the queen of the bug clan mother nest.


Chapter 670: Servant Bug Clan Queen

Luo Residence, Luo Feng brought Dylan and the others back home before he immediately locked himself in. He even ordered no one to disturb him unless it was an emergency.

Within the dark room, the sunlight that poked in reflected off a cold beam of light from the alloy metal ground.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged on the ground, back straightened, and eyes closed. His consciousness was completely within his internal world’s golden horned beast body.

Internal world.

In the center continent’s grass patch, a completely black, huge golden horned beast stood on its four legs. It’s body length reached over 600km, and when it stood straight up…from its claws to its back alone, the height reached over 400km. Its scaled wings could cover over 1,000km in area when spread.

This golden horned beast, if placed on earth, it’s back alone would reach up to space!

400km tall, if the head was included, it would be even taller.

The tallest mountain on earth was only just over 8,000 meters above sea level, and that was only sea level. Compared to this…the golden horned beast head’s horns far exceeded the highest mountain. In terms of body length, its torso length plus it’s over 600km long scaled tail…

As long as the beast rolled about in the asia continent, the entire continent would be smashed flat! The entire continent would sink!

This!

Was a true mature space beast. A sector lord level 6 golden horned beast, currently its internal world had a diameter exceeding 60 million km, which was an incredibly vast world.

At sector lord level, the golden horned beast swallowing normal metals and evolving would normally take 1,500 years from level 1 to 3.

Levels 3 to 6, it would require 6,000 years.

Level 6 to 9, it would require 36,000 years.

As Luo Feng had prepared the best metal groupings, raising its efficiency to 50 times. The normal 7,500 years needed to reach level 6 had become 150 years now. Obviously, his time in Laos world had already exceeded that. Hence, the current golden horned beast and mosha body were both sector lord level 6!

The initial evolution was fast, as for the 7, 8 and 9 levels, they were much slower, even with 50 times efficiency, every level would still require 240 years!

“Even though I’m only sector lord level 6, however in terms of soul consciousness, im comparable to a sector lord level 8 or 9 human soul! Plus, I have extremely strong willpower control, hence I’m no weaker than a human sector lord pinnacle.” Luo Feng thought, “That and my spirit energy amplitude reaching over 3,200!”

“When unleashing the 10,000 soul control, even normal human sector lord pinnacles are weaker than me.”

“This time, I definitely have to succeed on my 1st try.”

“Immediately enslaving the soul of the bug clan queen.”

Black clothed Luo Feng floated in mid air beside the golden horned beast that was almost like a small planet. Gazing at the over 800m in diameter round ball mother nest, that ball which was filled with cavities emitted poisonous gases that filled the air, causing the grass around to rot and the surface of the ground to corrode.

…

“Time to begin!” Mosha Luo Feng headed down and sat on the grass cross legged, not moving at all as his consciousness went completely into the golden horned beast.

At this time!

The earth body and mosha’s consciousness were all transferred into the golden horned beast body, causing it to have all of its energy.

Chi chi…

The 4 thick and powerful claws, the beast gazed down at the mother nest, controlling some world energy to begin seeping in. The moment it entered, it discovered the mother nest was just like a beehive within with many caves and pathways. This was probably where large amounts of bug soldiers were produced.

Within the core of the mother nest, there was a 100 m diameter empty space.

And there was but one life sleeping there.

Her entire body was translucent, almost like a crystal formed soft body. She was about 12 m tall, with a pair of butterfly like wings. The wings wrapped about her fragile body, almost like a thin cloth. Her curvaceous body was simply a work of art. Even while asleep, her forehead twitched slightly, it made one feel sorry for her.

This was the bug clan queen!

A true member of the bug clan, it was the queens that formed the entire bug clan and dominated the universe, becoming one of the pinnacle races. Even if the human warriors were numerous as the clouds, the two races were still evenly matched.

“Bug clan queen, in terms of figure, her body is simply perfect. Even in her sleeping state, her charm is unbelievable.” After the world energy swept past this absolutely perfect body of the queen, it seeped in and began to search for where her soul was.

The world energy became nothing, seeping through her body. The moment it entered, Luo Feng got a shock.

Within her body, it was sparkling and translucent, almost like countless energy light rays that formed within. The many pathways within along with a total of 10,000 light balls, these light balls were similar to a normal sector lord’s soul…the pearl core. However, as the construct of the bodies were completely different, the queen had 10,000 soul sources.

And these 10,000 light balls had countless light threads that formed a mysterious network.

A formless poison began to spread within.

“What a mysterious construct. It makes me feel like when I had first acquired the nameless manual. The network within her body is a lot like the universe networks.” Luo Feng was stunned. However, the differences from the two were stark, the nameless manual imitated the universe revolutions while this turned the other way.

This was a special life form produced by the universe, it had a peculiar construct.

“To control her, I have to control all of her soul sources. No wonder teacher couldn’t do it back then. However, he was rather powerful in soul techniques, at least he managed to put her to sleep.”

“Hm, begin!”

…

The golden horned beast gazed at the mother nest, simultaneously the world energy within the internal world began to swiftly unleash the 10,000 soul control’s 3rd level. Immediately the formless world energy swiftly formed peculiar threads and countless threads interweaved, swiftly forming a blood colored net that glowed with gold light.

Sou!

The blood colored soul net flew out of the golden horned beast’s body and pierced into the huge ball, entering within the queen’s body.

The formless net spread open and invaded every one of the light balls. Immediately, the resplendent light network was covered in a layer of blood colored light. Countless blood colored threads entered every soul source. The queen hadn’t resisted at all, afterall she was still in her sleeping state.

“It’s good.”

“Almost.”

“I have to succeed.”

The golden horned beast used its full energy to control the soul net. The countless threads that invaded the queen’s body got deeper. However, as it got deeper, it actually awakened the queen, during the deep invasion of her souls, Hu Yan Bo’s technique was broken. And as her soul was in true danger, she immediately awoke and began struggling.

“She’s awake!”

“I have to succeed now.”

At the critical moment, the golden horned beast which had long used all of its 3,200 spirit energy amplitude raised its head and howled. The 5 black horns on its forehead wrapped in complex gold engravings lit up and the light spread throughout its body.

Natural ability…strengthen!

Rumble!

The soul invasion net it had used on the queen immediately got strengthened and its control grew even more.

“Succeed!!!” Luo Feng was giving his all, his willpower and consciousness all pushed to their limits.

“Ah!”

The queen let out a painful howl as she opened her eyes, revealing dark blue eyes, only her gaze was very afraid. After which, she gradually quiet down and her struggled expression turned to that of calm, her eyes were like jade water.

…

The 3 consciousness returned to their bodies.

In the grass patch of the internal world, black clothed mosha Luo Feng stood before the mother nest. Hu hu hu…he grew bigger and bigger, until finally becoming a 12m tall giant.

Sou!

Almost like a breeze, the gentle silhouette flew out from the mother nest that emanated poisonous gas, after which she landed on the grass patch. Her butterfly like wings gently flapped, her moving blue eyes looked on at Luo Feng, almost like he was her greatest love. Her face emanated a dark mist, making it seem unclear.

“Master.” The gentle voice that made one tremble within resounded, she bowed.

“Able to produce trillions of ugly bug soldiers and yet the queen is that beautiful. If people didn’t know about this before, who would have guessed?” Black clothed Luo Feng was shocked as he spoke. “Bug clan queen, do you have a name?”

“Master, I’m called Alina.” The queen spoke.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng nodded, “From today on I’ll call you Alina. You are already sector lord level pinnacle now, if you want to reach undying, what do you need from me?”

“Undying?” Alina’s eyes turned as she smiled gently. “Master, firstly my law abilities haven’t reached the level to breakthrough. As for resources, when my law comprehension reaches that level, you can give me the resources then. Normally emperor level undyings should be able to provide sufficient resources. Anyway…for our bug clan to breakthrough to undying, at least from my knowledge, it is the hardest amongst our countless races.”

Luo Feng was helpless.

“If master wishes to help me, then you can give me enough resources for me to produce bug soldiers.” Alina said softly. “With enough bug soldiers, only then can I help you in battle.”

“From what I know, there are many types of bug soldiers.” Luo Feng said.

“There are many types.”

Alina said with some difficulty, “However during the time of my growth I’ve long picked three main bug soldiers. I’m most proficient with these three. If you wish to change the types, you’ll have to pay quite a price. If you really wish to…it’s still possible. Also, production of the soldiers is mostly split into two types.”

“Which two types?” Black clothed Luo Feng looked at the adorable Alina. “Also, what are the three types of soldiers you are proficient in?”


Chapter 671: Bug Clan

Queen Alina said softly, “There are 3 types of bugs that I’m proficient in producing. The 1st is an armor type bug that’s extremely powerful. This bug is from the tiger armored bug clan, specifically, it is part of the Yan Tan bug clan. The tiger armored has the same quality as all armored bugs, strong defense! And it’s strength is reputable…it definitely belongs to one of the most exceptional fighting bug warriors. Once a group of them form a faction, it’d be very hard to break through them. And the moment all of them form an endless bug army, that’s terrifying.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He knew that the bug race could be split accordingly to their abilities, such as scanning types, fighting types, assassin, long distance and so on.

This tiger armored bug belonged to the fighting type.

It was somewhat similar to the Calvary.

“There are indeed many types of bug clans.” Luo Feng thought within. The armored type bugs alone could be split into tens of smaller divisions and every one of those divisions could again be split into thousands of others.

“Master, look, this is a tiger armored bug.” The queen Alina pointed to the grass beside her.

Hu!

In mid air, a bug completely covered in an incredibly thick shell, over 10 storeys high (30m) appeared. At its head portion, there were oval shaped compound eyes, which were completely protected by the shell. It was almost like a helmet was covering its head.

The front of its chest plate had malevolent spikes, and its powerful bent legs behind it supported its heavy body.

It gave off a feeling of sturdiness! Fierce and tough! Almost like a tank, the aura it gave off was powerful. The armor on it was completely fiery red in color, even its eyes that were completely protected were fiery red.

“This is a sector lord pinnacle tiger armored bug.” Alina introduced.

“Sector lord pinnacle?”

Luo Feng looked on with surprise at this 10 storey tall building like creature.

“As our bug clan produces countless soldiers, winning with numbers, hence none of them can ever be too huge.” The queen Alina seemed to have noticed the shockingly huge golden horned beast beside it, hence she explained. “The bigger size is mostly simply for protection and defense etc, hence the amount of resources used would constantly increase as well, just like the golden horned beast master with it’s huge size. If we built a sector lord bug army, we couldn’t build it too big.”

Luo Feng laughed.

The mother nest was only how big? At least queen Alina’s nest had a diameter of over 800m. Even the undying mother nest he had encountered during his mission, the one that had killed two of his undying captains, that had a height of only 10km.

If the mother nest was only that size, how could the soldiers be bigger?

The golden horned beast from head to tail, its length exceeded over 1,200km.

“Alina, do you have sector lord bug soldiers?” Luo Feng asked.

“I do.” She nodded.

“How many?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Not many.” She shook her head. “After the wars in the outer regions, under life threatening situations, my bug army has almost been completely depleted, leaving behind only 11 sector lord pinnacle soldiers. As for the lower level soldiers, they are all gone. The final 11 are for my protection in dire situations. I didn’t expect to be hit by a soul technique from a human, with no time to summon my soldiers before I fell asleep.”

The queen, at sector lord level had her own internal world.

Hence after creating a large amount of soldiers it could completely store them within her internal world, constantly building her numbers so that she could call them out during battle.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, “What’s the 2nd type of soldier you can produce?”

“The 2nd type is a shadow type bug called the Shadow spear bug. It specifically comes from the Na Si bug clan, one that has many special properties. The great being that gave birth to me is in Na Si.

Luo Feng nodded.

The bug types if judged harshly, there was but the queens that would be considered true life forms. The countless other soldiers created were all not even considered life forms, but rather weapons. However, these soldiers with simple intellects…it wasn’t that they had no chance of evolution. The fair universe didn’t cut off any hope of evolution for them.

Na Si were one of the many originally obedient bug soldiers. Occasionally when called out to battle, they would eat special items and go through evolution, developing their own unique sense of identity.

Among the entire bug race, there were actually quite a few others that had their own sense of identity besides the queen.

However very few actually become absolute beings.

Na Si was one of them.

“The Shadow spear clan has the traits of the shadow type bugs with fast speeds. They are incredibly fast, almost like illusions, and their attacks are very strong too. The only weak point is that their bodies are weaker.” The queen Alina explained. “Fast speeds and strong attack with weak bodies, these are the traits of the Shadow spear bugs.”

“Master, I don’t have any of these within my internal world, they were completely used up in the outer region wars back then. Compared to the tiger armored bugs, they are skinnier and smaller. Their shells aren’t red, but a dark grey in color instead.” She explained.

Luo Feng nodded.

One was for fighting, while another was for scanning.

The tiger armored bugs were like the cavalry, while the shadow spear bugs were like the light cavalry.

“The final type belongs to the biggest type of the race, the mantis type, and one of the strongest one at that, the hunting mantis clan. The hunting mantis bugs that I produce belong to the Te Luo clan.” She said. “The hunting mantis bugs are the strongest of the 3 types that I’m proficient in.”

“It has a powerful body and shocking speed. It also has astonishing defense and incredibly nimble evasive abilities, along with naturally powerful battle abilities.” Her voice gradually grew louder. “The amount of resources for producing one hunting mantis, allows me to create almost 5 same level shadow spear bugs or 2 tiger armored bugs.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Hunting mantis?

This queen Alina was actually able to produce hunting mantis, this was an unexpected surprise. Within the golden horned beast’s inherited memories, it had a detailed introduction of the hunting mantis. The mantis type was a huge type within the bug race, second only to the armor type. And hunting mantis type was one of the top 7 types of mantis type..

Each of the top 7 types all had their own proficiencies, the hunting mantis were sly.

“Master, this is a sector lord pinnacle hunting mantis. I currently only have 11 sector lord pinnacle bug soldiers, and among them, 8 of them are hunting mantis.” The queen said. Obviously, the bugs she trusted most were kept around. She pointed at the grass patch beside her and a huge being appeared.

It was 24m tall.

This bug was skinnier than the tiger armored bug, but more intrepid than the shadow spear bug. It’s entire body was mostly covered in a black streamlined armor with complex black scales that had green engravings on them, making it give off a demonic energy. It had thick legs and two blade like forelegs, and beside them were sharp claws.

A pair of compound eyes protruded out.

There were even 2 horns on its head. When its mouth occasionally opened, one could see countless sharp teeth within.

This was purely a fighting machine! It’s body construct had given it absolute defense, nimbleness, speed, along with the pair of claws, a complete slaughtering machine. And its dense scales seemed even more advanced than the tiger armored bug. Even if it was skinnier, it’s defense wasn’t any weaker than the tiger armor bugs.

“Master, these are the tiger armor bugs, shadow spear bugs and hunting mantis bugs. They are the 3 that I am most proficient in producing.” The queen Alina looked at Luo Feng. “Of course, other lower level bugs like the green mantis and so on, I can easily produce them on a large scale. Those don’t even require any study, and are not difficult to produce at all. Any bug clan queen can easily create those low level bugs.”

Luo Feng nodded and smiled.

Very good.

These 3 bug soldiers, they were all top class, and the hunting mantis was the highest of the lot.

“When can you start producing soldiers?” Luo Feng asked.

“Anytime.” She smiled. The tiger armor bug and hunting mantis soldier standing behind here were incredibly respectful. “There are two ways to produce soldiers. I’ll tell you and you can choose.”

“Speak.” Luo Feng listened intently.

“The 1st way is to produce them on a large scale. But, I can only produce weaker hunting mantis, tiger armor and shadow spear bugs.” She spoke. “Creating a few star and universe level bugs is very easy, I can produce lots of them. After which, we’ll let them fight amongst themselves within and eat each other. The weaker ones will die and the strong ones will survive. The strong ones that eat the others would get stronger and when there is only one left, that would be the most exceptional. It can then be nurtured to an incredibly intrepid sector lord pinnacle level bug.”

Letting countless star and universe levels eat each other? Leaving only 1?

“The bug soldiers aren’t exactly the same, some have greater capabilities than others.” The queen explained. “This method would get rid of the weaker ones and the pinnacle soldier that is produced from endless slaughter…would be 10 times stronger than normal sector lord pinnacle soldiers, it would be the king!”

“The 2nd method is the normal production method.” She said. “For me to produce sector lord pinnacle bug soldiers, I would require sufficient resources and I would be able to immediately produce that level of bugs. This sort of immediate production…the speed is fast and the energy usage efficiency is also much higher. Afterall, since I’m immediately producing them, there would a lot less wastage. However…even though their capabilities won’t be weak, it would definitely not compare to the soldier that goes through countless battles and eats countless others.”

Luo Feng pondered after listening.

Both of these methods were very interesting.

“Energy resources, how’s the scale?” Luo Feng asked.

“The 2nd method has less energy usage. The 1st relies on them eating each other, and the efficiency of that is low. During the battles, there would be huge losses too. Hence…the scale would be less by about a hundred times. The amount of resources required to produce one king soldier, is equal to the amount of resources to produce 100 of the same level bug.” The queen Alina explained, “Master, please choose the method.”


Chapter 672: Million Sector Lord Army

Which way to produce the soldiers?

Black clothed Luo Feng smiled. Actually, upon hearing the detailed explanation from the queen Alina, he had already made a decision within.

“I trained in the 10,000 soul control technique and am able to finally control a bug clan queen. The goal was to naturally have a huge bug army!” Luo Feng thought. “The bug clan is known for its sea of soldiers, and not its elite battle tactics! I may produce a few king soldiers, but the majority of the resources would be used for the large scale production of normal soldiers.”

Producing one king soldier required resources enough to make a hundred normal ones.

No matter how intrepid…

100 king sector lord soldiers, compared to 10,000 sector lord soldiers in a group battle, it was without a doubt that the 10,000 army would win!

And in individual battles, maybe one king could break through, killing many of the others.

However in a mass fight…

What was required was the numbers!

“I’ll mainly use the 2nd method.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes master.” The queen Alina replied gently.

“Tell me the resources required for the shadow spear, tiger armor and hunting mantis bugs.” Luo Feng said.

No matter what, he had to clearly know each of their costs.

“There are many pathways for the resources, however there are mainly 3 types.” The queen smiled. “The 1st is to simply use universe crystals. These crystals are formed from world energy, and they can form anything. Hence, using them we can completely create any type of bug soldier! However, there are many uses for the universe crystals, hence the cost for using them…would be very high.”

“The 2nd is to search for large amounts of metal alloy remains, a few warriors or huge beast blood, a few other materials like scale shells, muscles etc. With this large amount of materials, I can still produce bug soldiers, and since we can choose many cheap materials, the price would be much cheaper.”

“The 3rd kind is to collect large amounts of bug bodies, they can instantly be used to create large amounts of soldiers.”

The queen smiled. “Without a doubt, the 1st one’s cost is the highest, the 2nd is extremely low, the 3rd requires some things. it’ll depend on the quality of the bodies you collect. From what I know, purchasing the bodies within the 1,008 universe countries cost too much. If you head out to the outer regions where there are countless bodies, the price may be much lower. As for just how much you have to spend…it’ll depend on your ability.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He understood there were 3 methods, the 1st was the simplest. Supplying universe crystals was a source that could create endless amounts of soldiers. Naturally the simplest way was also the most expensive.

“Tell me the price.” Luo Feng asked. “If I use universe crystals to create, how much would I have to spend to produce one sector lord pinnacle shadow spear, one tiger armored bug and one hunting mantis.”

“A sector lord pinnacle shadow spear would require about 10 mixed elements worth of universe crystals.” The queen said. “A sector lord pinnacle tiger armored bug would require about 25 mixed elements and a hunting mantis would require about 50 mixed elements. These are pretty accurate numbers. If you want to create a king…then the price would be 100 times that!”

Luo Feng took a deep breath.

My god.

Creating a king hunting mantis Sector lord pinnacle, that would require 5,000 mixed elements! Enough to be an undying general’s entire wealth.

“The mother nest truly isn’t for anyone to play with. Just buying one sector lord mother nest at the auction, would lead to a price over 1 million mixed elements! And the technique to control it…is just as crazy. Even if one had money, if he wasn’t a super power core member, he had no place to buy it.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

Just the initial investment was worth over 1 million mixed elements!

Plus producing large amounts of soldiers…

It was a bottomless pit, never ending!

“Hunting mantis king? Just one alone would be 5,000 mixed elements. Even though it’s intrepid, many sector lord pinnacle warriors wouldn’t be its match. However, it simply costs too much. Whether or not I’d actually make one…I’ll decide in the future.”

“Producing the cheapest Shadow spear bug would cost 10 mixed elements per head. 10,000 of them would be about 1 million mixed elements.”

“Too expensive!”

Luo Feng shook his head.

He currently only had about 2 million mixed elements left in his account, and this was his teacher’s inheritance. He had been investing all this while without earning! When this bit of wealth was gone too then he’d have nothing left.

“My plan initially was to create a million sector lord army. The moment a million of them were produced, killing in all directions… even an emperor level undying, as long as he doesn’t have teleportation or time stop, any kind of heavenly technique, even they wouldn’t be able to handle me.” Luo Feng thought.

Emperor level undyings had their own levels in strengths.

If he truly had his million sector lord army, that would be the ultimate trump card. His strength wouldn’t be weaker than an emperor level undying!

“Alina.” Luo Feng spoke.

“Master.” The queen looked on at Luo feng with her jade blue eyes that were almost like water.

“Using metal alloy remains, blood and materials…also bug bodies, use the quantum computer to note down the amounts. Do you know how to use a quantum computer?” Luo Feng looked at her, producing a quantum computer with a flip of his hand.

“Master, I have one.”

The queen smiled, “Please wait a moment. I’ll immediately give you the figures of resources required to produce the soldiers.”

Yangzhou city, Luo residence.

Luo feng sat on a bamboo chair. Beside him, on the table was a pot of tea with some tea cups.

“Making a million sector lord army sure isn’t easy.” Luo Feng sat alone there and pondered. “Babata, have you gotten any information online?”

“I’m still checking, as there are simply too many methods to purchase the materials, all with different pricings. And the materials we are purchasing, in terms of volume, they are all materials the size of a planet. As the amount is so huge, the unit price may differ, but the overall pricings are still pretty much the same. I also have to look for the best discount.” Babata said. “And there are too many people selling materials in the universe. Give me some time, about 6 hours…I’ll settle it.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

These sort of calculations, Babata the living AI would definitely do a better job than himself.

“Big brother!” A surprised voice resounded.

Luo Feng looked up, in the distance his younger brother Luo Hua had a look of surprise.

“Ah Hua.” Luo Feng waved.

“Big brother, aren’t you supposed to be locked in, why are you out so quickly?” Luo Hua walked over and with a wave, a chair floated out and landed beside. Luo Hua poured himself a cup of tea after sitting down and asked smiling, “It hasn’t been a day and you are already out. It’s unlike your usual style, I thought it would be tens to hundreds of years.”

Luo Feng smiled.

He had gone to simply control the bug clan queen, and not train, naturally it was fast.

“Right, big brother, as for the investments, I have to give you a report.” He smiled at Luo Feng.

“Ah?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed

Back then when he didn’t have too much wealth, as his young brother was exceptionally adept at investing, Luo Feng had decided to always give him a portion of his earnings. One reason was for him to have a huge space to maximize his talents and secondly, maybe get a huge return.

However…

As the amount Luo Hua controlled grew more and more, the harder it was for bigger returns.

When he returned over 200 years ago, back then Luo Feng had just acquired his teacher’s inheritance. After returning, he chatted with his brother and gave him a small portion…500,000 mixed elements! This 500,000 amount…Luo Feng could still afford to lose it, hence he gave it over.

Back then Luo Hua had said, “Big brother, with this 500,000 mixed elements, I can immediately rise by 2 levels in the scale of properties I control, and I already have enough to enter the Universe Humans Development financial market.”

This market was the one of the highest levels of the entire 1,008 universe countries. For those who are able to invest in it, the lowest requirement was 100,000 mixed elements! Hence those who are part of it…if they weren’t super powers, they had super powers backing them.

Actually this high leveled market was aimed at attracting large amounts of investors to support the race wars! It was used to get a few undying organizations to send undyings to the universe secret regions etc! There were many missions. However, since it was a financial market, it would naturally generate all sorts of complex dealings. The most talented in dealing and investing were all gathered here, and the amount of wealth controlled was terrifying.

Some emperor level undyings may be on good terms with others, they could gather their resources and pass it to a genius to manage.

This market…

Was filled with perilous situations and crocodiles hidden within. Even an emperor level undying’s entire wealth would be considered small fry within this top level market. Hence, the entry level was so absurd, normal undyings couldn’t even get in.

Requirement of 100,000 mixed elements, that was normal here!

To Luo Hua, this high level market had a great attractiveness, as the amounts involved here were huge, hence even a slight 10% or 20% loss were huge losses.

The strong ate the weak!

Geniuses were eaten!

Only the genuine top brass and absolute geniuses would earn here.

Luo feng had long hoped of entering this high level market, anyone that didn’t manage to enter here…meant that he wasn’t truly top notch.

“Big brother, when you returned the last time and gave me the 500,000 mixed elements to invest.” Luo hua laughed, ” Even though I had run simulations of investing them before, when I truly invested it, that was when I felt true terror.”

“Terror?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“Hm.”

Luo Hua nodded, “As I was careful and cautious, even though I used the 500,000 to apply for an account to participate in this market, I only invested 10,000 mixed elements the first time. I earned some initially and hence I increased the amount to 50,000. However, after that I kept losing. But, as I was confident, I continued to increase the amount!”


Chapter 673: 9 Great Starfields

Luo Hua lifted his cup and drank half of it, exclaiming, “Even though I had losses, I was confident and believed in my system. Unknowingly, I had invested all of the 500,000 mixed elements… who’d have known that I was overconfident!”

Luo Feng was shocked as he heard.

500,000 mixed elements!

His younger brother’s loss shouldn’t be too absurd right!

“Luckily I had never used the guarantee level model, or even the financing for favors lever, I used cash all the way! And because it was my first time entering the market, hence I invested in the Virtual Universe Company and Huge Axe company’s top 20% picks, throwing a wide net for safety.” Luo Hua said. “If I had simply invested in a single undying organization, I may even get to explore a universe secret region. However, if that organization fell, I would lose everything.”

“Ah?”

Luo Feng nodded.

He sort of understood it, this was sort of a shared risk and rewards thing.

“This wide net, also since it’s the Virtual Universe Company and Huge Axe Dojo’s most exceptional picks, these would never fully fall. Otherwise, the entirety of humanity would be gone.” Luo Hua laughed. “This method is very safe. However, I can’t get big money from it. After 120 years of investing, the highest returns I got was 2.3%, increasing my entire wealth to 102.3%. The lowest it got to was 91.6%, other than the initial earnings and losing after, the capital hardly ever passed the 98% mark.”

“There was a time when I chatted with Hong about the future of earth. It eventually gave me some inspiration about investing.” Luo Hua laughed. “From the 122nd year of investment, I began to change my tactics!”

“My initial plan was wrong.”

“Because I chose the most exceptional picks and spread a wide net… this was the easiest and safest way. However those that managed to enter this top level market have all almost perfect skills in investment. After all, the skills I’ve honed over the past 100 years have almost reached its peak too. The bigger issue was…the strategy, thought process, and also the occasional abrupt decisions!” Luo Hua laughed.

Luo Feng rubbed his head, saying softly, “Luo Hua, what you’ve said is really complex. Whatever you said earlier about picking the exceptional, spreading a wide net etc, I thought it sounded not bad. However…now it’s become a stupid method.”

“Not stupid.”

“This method is very safe, and as long the timing is right, you’d still earn. Like 5% in an era, that is already not bad.” Luo Hua shook his head. “However, I’m different. I haven’t even lived for 500 years, I really cannot stand such dead investments that move so little. I can take it for a year or 5 years. However, after 20 to 30 years and I wouldn’t be able to take it. Hence I gave up on this path.”

“I changed this strategy. Even though it was somewhat radical! However it fits my personality.”

Luo Hua smiled at Luo Feng. “The one that suits me is the best, I’m like a fish in water. Over this 100 years, from the initial 96.2% the highest it’s gone is 118.1%. Not long ago I just delivered the investment and it’s currently at 116.2%, about 581,000 mixed elements!”

From 500,000 to 581,000 mixed elements.

There were many twist and turns in between.

“Luckily the delivery was successful, there was one organization I invested in, as they lost quite a lot in the outer region wars, their price immediately fell 60%. If I didn’t cash out, I would have lost over 30,000 mixed elements.” Luo Hua exclaimed.

…

Luo Feng held his breath as he heard.

After explaining so much, it was much easier to understand.

If one wanted to gamble and make big earnings, no matter how much money one had, it could easily be reduced to ashes in an instant! Even if one didn’t use such an approach…investing in a couple of the top picks, the moment they ended, the investment would end too! All the money within would be gone.

Of course, the moment it grew the rewards were high too. Like Luo Hua said, if he had invested 5 times the amount, his capital could actually be 900,000 now. And investing simply in one exceptional pick, if that undying organization were to acquire huge treasures in a universe secret region, the price would double or even triple.

Or it might simply end!

The huge rewards were like a drug, only those that are able to withstand it are able to survive longer within this top level market.

“Even if one’s mental state and levels are good, the super organizations may devise traps. If one isn’t careful, they’d be finished.” Luo Hua’s eyes gleamed. “This feeling…really makes my blood boil.”

“Luo Hua.” Luo Feng sighed.

“Hm?” Luo Hua put down his cup.

“200 years ago, you earned 81,000 mixed elements. These 200 years…your big brother hasn’t earned anything, but I spent a lot.” Luo Feng exclaimed. “Just from this 81,000 mixed elements, you’ve earned about 1/5th of the Black Dragon Mountain star field.”

“The main thing is that you gave me enough capital. Low capital equals low returns, I wouldn’t have even been able to enter the market.” Luo Hua’s eyes gleamed. “Big brother, relax. After the small set backs, I’ve truly begun to enter this market. I don’t dare say that there won’t be any losses. But I can guarantee that it won’t exceed 20%, and there’s no upper limits to the profits.”

“No limits? You seem confident.” Luo Feng laughed.

“It’s possible.” Luo Hua nodded. “There’s hope for doubling and tripling the capital. It’ll depend on my patience, grasping the opportunities and my deductive abilities.”

Luo Feng laughed, “Then I’ll be waiting.”

“As for my 200 years of investing, the Virtual Universe Company is very aware of it. They even sent people over to invite me to work with amounts reaching tens of millions of mixed elements. They were even willing to send a special guard team to guarantee my safety.” Luo Hua shook his head. “However I rejected them, I feel I’m not mature enough yet.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Tens of millions of mixed elements, that was the size of official level undyings’ wealth.

It was indeed nothing much to the Virtual Universe Company. But, their invitation was obviously their display of respect to Luo Hua.

Actually…

Luo Feng didn’t understand that Luo Hua who had entered the highest level of markets without losing past 10% and even over 200 years, earning 16.2 %. Also, the ones he competed with were the most exceptional and terrifying group of big shots of the entire universe. This level of result…how shocking was it!

As for attracting even the attention of the Virtual Universe company, it wasn’t strange at all.

There were investment geniuses within the universe. The only issue was that they had small capital Hence, many were stuck at the lower level investment markets. Even if they made tens of millions of times their capital, the entire scale would probably still not even reach 1 mixed element. Hence, they were still unable to enter the higher markets.

This was the importance of capital!

With Luo Feng’s huge amounts, Luo Hua was able to enter the market and hence…began to display his talents.

6 hours later.

After acquiring Babata’s detailed report, Luo Feng sent his consciousness into the virtual universe network.

…

Virtual universe, Amethyst island.

“Envoy.”

“Envoy.”

The many ganwu department members all bowed respectfully as Luo Feng swiftly entered the amethyst palace within the island.

“According to Babata’s sheet, if I buy the materials, the price of them will be about 1/5th when compared to the universe crystals! However, that is still too high. To create a million sector lord army, even if they are all the cheapest shadow spear sector lord bugs, 1/5th the price is still 2 mixed elements. That would still be 2 million mixed elements!” Luo Feng walked on the ground made completely of amethyst, and his footsteps resounding within the hall.

“Not possible!”

“The price is too high, I only have a little more than 2million mixed elements, I cannot waste it. I won’t have enough cash in the future, and If I needed any, I’d have to ask my little brother.” Luo Feng thought. “And I really want to make tiger armored bugs.”

The tiger armored bugs had strong attacks and defense!

Even a powerful undying, would kill a lot less tiger armored bugs at one go compared to shadow spear bugs.

“Purple lightning official.” Luo Feng pushed open the door and entered.

“Luo Feng, it’s rare that you come looking for me.” The apeman purple lightning official smiled and walked over.

“It’s an important matter.” Luo Feng spoke.

“Speak.” Purple lightning official smiled. “Just speak directly.” He wasn’t afraid of Luo Feng asking for help from him, it was more the opposite he was afraid of.

“It’s this way, I have a good friend who’s an undying and he has a bug clan mother nest.” Luo Feng smiled. “Hence, he needs to buy materials or bug clan corpses. Since you are the business head of the ganwu department, you should be very clear on these matters. Do you have any way that would save money on this?”

Luo Feng’s strategy was as such, first let Babata scour the network on the situation and then ask the purple lightning official.

“Nurturing a mother nest?” Purple lightning official exclaimed. “Your good friend sure has some capability. The mother nests are extremely rare at the auctions, even to control them is extremely hard.”

“I want to know about the materials and corpses.” Luo Feng asked again.

“Haha…”

Purple lightning official laughed. “Purchasing the materials, if you look for them via the virtual universe network markets, they wouldn’t be any cheaper than a certain price. Actually, the best way to buy them is…to buy directly from the companies! For example, those specialized in ship remains, if you buy directly from them, they would naturally pass all their remains to you. As long as you check up well enough on the company’s information and buy, you’d probably only have to pay 1/3rd the usual price, maybe even 1/10th. It depends on your ability to look for the companies.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“As for purchasing corpses, that’s simple too. There are endless amounts of rubbish and remains in the outer regions that would be transferred over to the rubbish starfield.” Purple lightning laughed. “Those remains contain all sorts of corpses, broken things and so on. Even the planet fragments would all be transferred there and large amounts of people are stationed there to split them and sell them.” He laughed, “If you want corpses, just head right to the rubbish starfield.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Some undyings use their connections to look directly for some members in the rubbish starfield. Through some under handed methods like bribery and so on, they would get large amounts of bug clan corpses.” Purple lightning official exclaimed. “These are terrible, they are simply digging into the corners of the Virtual Universe Company! They should buy them through the proper channels.”

After which, he winked at Luo feng and gave him a look.

Luo Feng immediately laughed.

This purple lightning official was hinting to him…that through his internal connections, look for people to bribe and get a large amount of bug corpses at low prices.

However, as this was still within the virtual universe network, he couldn’t say it outright. His hint however was more than obvious enough. However, the virtual universe would usually overlook such matters, as long as one didn’t blatantly violate the rules.

“Ah, there are a total of 9 rubbish starfields, and 9 vast spaces, especially for the countless corpses and remains of ships, puppet remains, huge weaponry, planet fragments etc from the outer region wars.” He laughed. “These 9 great starfields, as long as Luo Feng checks up on them, you’ll know about them. Right, you may not be too familiar, let me give you a virtual universe network number. It’s a person in charge there, and he is a good friend of mine. Just tell him that I introduced you. If you know him…it’d be easier when you get over there.”

After which, he winked once again and gave him a similar gaze.

“Ok.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

Of course he understood.

Through this person, he could get a large amount of bug corpses.

…

The day after meeting with purple lightning official, Luo Feng and Dylan sat in the Yun Mo Planet ship and left earth, heading towards one of the 9 rubbish starfields, Wu Long starfield.


Chapter 674: Tian Qiong

The Yun Mo Planet ship flew with almost zero noise at 50 times light speed within the dark universe. Within its resting quarters, Luo Feng lay on the bed while resting against the wall, as he looked at the simulator screen before him. On it displayed was the detailed information and numbers of some companies.

“Simply using universe crystals to produce bug warriors is definitely not realistic.” Luo Feng frowned and said. “And buying from the companies seems very complex also.”

“Hm.” Babata’s sharp voice resounded within the quarters. “It is very complex indeed. The main thing is that you can buy the alloy remains, materials and so on. If you request things like ship remains etc, and your lowest grade requirements are C grade, it would be best if they are D or E grade instead. These remains, scales and so on all are high leveled items. Also the blood, they all have to be at least universe level beasts or similar life form blood, how will they earn any profit with them. Even though those business have these items within their scope, covering tens of starfields, even though they have D and E grade ship and alloy remains, they still have to deal with the A, B and C grades! After all, the low level business are what brings in the most quantity.”

“But that’s useless to me!” Luo Feng frowned.

He wanted to build a sector lord army!

Producing sector lord pinnacle bug soldiers required metals, matter, blood and other materials and they had high requirements among them too. The best was E grade, even if they aren’t top grade and are slightly lousier, he’ll use quantity to compensate! However, the lower C grade alloys and metals are probably the lowest he could go. Any lower…and it wouldn’t be effective at all.

However…

The entire Ganwu universe country, there were only very few companies dealing with E grade ship remains and alloy remains. However, for these business to reach such levels, they usually had huge backgrounds. Their true mother company may be the Virtual Universe Company. Hence, they wouldn’t sell their goods that easily!

And some with huge ranges of business, it wasn’t worth buying from them.

As A and B grade alloy metals took most of the market.

“The method purple lightning official had mentioned…” Luo Feng shook his head, “Realistically comparing, what he said and the numbers are indeed true. Hence, it was this troublesome.”

These numbers were all provided by purple lightning official.

Just within the ganwu universe country regions, there were a large number of companies that provided such detailed numbers, they were already considered very high leveled. Those without any ability wouldn’t be able to acquire such numbers. And purple lightning official…as the head of the business department, naturally had knowledge of such numbers. And Luo Feng could use his supervisor envoy position to acquire these numbers without triggering any breaches from the Virtual Universe Company.

“You can’t blame Purple lightning official, Luo Feng. He only knows that you want to produce bug warriors, how would he know that you want to produce sector lord level. Normal battles would normally simply produce large numbers of star traveller, star and universe level bugs. Even though they are cannon fodder, when their numbers added up, it’s still useful in the outer region wars.” Babata said.

Endless bug army.

One mother nest could produce a shocking numbers of bugs. In the outer regions, when the entire bug clan and their large number of mother nests combined their low leveled bugs together, the sea of bugs formed would be terrifying.

“I’m not using it in the outer region wars. But, I need an army strong enough to fight undyings! I only have one mother nest. To produce low leveled bugs…the value would be too low, it doesn’t meet my needs at all.” Luo Feng shook his head. “And to let these low level bugs fight it out and evolve to sector lord level, the amount of energy wasted would be a hundred times more, it doesn’t meet my requirements either.”

“Luo Feng.”

“I’ve already calculated, if we buy the companies…we would probably be able to buy 91 of the 95 companies. We would use about 1/10th of the amount used in universe crystals to produce the soldiers!” Babata said.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

That way, the million sector lord shadow spear bug army would require 1 million mixed elements.

1 million sector lord tiger armored bugs would require 2.5 million mixed elements.

1 million hunting mantis bugs would require 5 million mixed elements.

Of course…Luo Feng wouldn’t even think about making king sector lords, which was 100 times the price, it was just too expensive.

“It’s still high.” Luo Feng frowned. “I want a million sector lord tiger armored bugs, that still requires 2.5 million mixed elements. I only have a little more than 2 million in my account, it’s not even 2.5 million.”

Back then, Hu Yan Bo had left Luo Feng about 3.122 million mixed elements. In order to repair and upgrade the Yun Mo planet ship, to nurture the cloud contact vine, he had already used over 400,000 mixed elements. Later on, he gave his younger brother 500,000 mixed elements to invest, leaving him with only 2.218 million mixed elements!

“Luo Feng, this is already the limit.” Babata said. “Purple lightning official is the head of the Ganwu business department and you are the supervisor envoy. Hence, you are able to get such detailed numbers at such a low price. Otherwise, the numbers would be about twice the amount! To get a million tiger armored bugs, you’d need about 3.8 million mixed elements.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Of course he knew that this was the benefit of power. The reduction from 3.8 to 2.5 million, a total of 1.3 million was saved. This was definitely an incredibly huge sum.

However…

His wealth wasn’t sufficient. As he only had 2.218 million mixed elements, naturally he had to find ways to save as much as possible! Wu Long starfield, as one of the 9 great rubbish star fields, it was situated in an extremely rural and desolate region of humanity’s territory.

From earth in the ganwu universe country, even at 50 times light speed in the dark universe, it still required about a year and 2 months to get there.

…

Virtual universe, Ganwu continent.

Within a huge restaurant that stretched high into the clouds, a dark red skinned, large mouthed man with dark green short hair dressed in an exquisite long robe walked into the spacious hall. A formless pressure engulfed the area, and directly behind him, a group of good looking men and women followed in 2 rows.

Beside him a green skinned silver robed man followed, and was always smiling.

“To the top level!” The dark red skinned leader walked to the escalator. The tens of men and women stood outside the escalator, almost as though they were stopping anyone from going there.

Hua!

The escalator rose.

“Attention all, the guests above this escalator…” A manager of this luxurious restaurant walked over, he was about to speak.

“Get lost!”

The pressure the 10 men and women simultaneously released caused the simple minded manager’s consciousness to immediately crumble as he fell to the ground. There wasn’t a single sound within the entire 1st level. Everyone was shocked and fearful as they realized that these 10 men and women were all…undyings!!!

Within the escalator.

It took awhile to go from level 1 to level 9,822.

“Master, is there a need to personally come see this Luo Feng. Won’t sending someone under you be sufficient? He’s after all just a small punk.” The silver robed man said humbly.

“What do you know, do you know who his teacher is?” The dark red skinned leader spoke, his mouth opened wide as he smiled.

“It’s that powerful True Yan Emperor.” The man beside said. “True Yan’s position is very special but he is only his disciple. Within our Virtual Universe Company, there are even a few disciples of knights. What’s more, these ultimate beings have disciples all over, they wouldn’t easily help all their disciples. Even if they fall, they will just let them fall.”

The leader smiled, “Let me tell you, his undying guard right now is called Dylan. Dylan’s teacher is Bloodthirst emperor Tie Jun, and blood thirst emperor is True Yan’s most exceptional disciple. As for Dylan, from what I know, his true strength is almost at the official undying level. To let an official level undying stick to Luo Feng and guard him, hehe…”

“Aah.”

The silver robed man was shocked. “Master, I understand. True Yan had secretly sent Dylan to protect Luo Feng, this means he pays extra attention to Luo Feng.”

The universe knights all stood high and mighty above all. Slightly guiding their disciples is already considered not bad, they wouldn’t waste too much effort. Even though True Yan had yet to become a universe knight, in many warriors’ eyes…he was extremely close to becoming one. Even if a knight wanted to kill him, it would be hard to succeed.

Such a level of being…was the most terrifying within the emperor level undyings.

Weng…

The escalator slowed down and finally stopped on the top level, level 9,822.

The entire top level only had 1 table and there sat a black haired youth. Beside him stood a bald headed black robed man.

“Long Jue emperor.” Luo Feng got up and smiled as he shouted.

“Haha…” The dark red skinned leader laughed loudly, walking straight to Luo Feng, sizing him up as he smiled, “Indeed one of the important geniuses of this generation’s competition. Your bearing sure isn’t ordinary. Let’s sit and talk!”

After which, the leader sat opposite Luo Feng and the silver robed man sat respectfully behind.

“For Long Jue emperor to be willing to meet me, I’m extremely excited and happy.” Luo Feng said. This Long Jue emperor’s name was Tian Qiong. He was the good friend that Purple lightning official had mentioned. He was also one of the powerful managers with control over the Wu Long star field, and he had just been given the title emperor a few tens of thousands of years ago.

His true strength was barely at emperor level.

However, as he belonged to the upper echelon of the Wu Long starfield, one of the 9 great rubbish star fields, even though everybody calls it the rubbish star fields, in truth, these 9 starfields… in terms of value, were worth more than even the 9 starfields themselves!

As the outer region wars go on.

There would be endless remains from the battles that were transported over here! And these remains were made up of many sector lord weapons, flying weapons, along with the countless treasures that fly out after their internal worlds crumbled. There were also many weapons that were created by undyings etc, a large amount of technological weapons, automaton dolls…

Even though they were all damaged, once the quantity adds up, their value was still unbelievable.

Race wars!

The rubbish…their value was unbelievable. Hence, to become one of the upper echelon members of one of these starfields, it was even more impressive than being the head of a department of the Ganwu department! These beings…usually had even emperor level undyings call them in for favors, even universe knights would occasionally come.

Hence…even though his strength wasn’t much, his position was extremely high.

Originally, it was just a simple invitation. However, Luo Feng didn’t expect for him to personally come welcome him in the virtual universe, once he got the acceptance, he was incredibly surprised.

“I heard that you want some bug corpses?” Long Jue Emperor spoke with his mouth wide open, laughing.


Chapter 675: Wu Long Star Field

“I do need some.” Luo Feng smiled.

“How much?” The dark red skinned leader lifted his wine glass and sipped, after which he looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng muttered to himself softly. “If I want all sector lord pinnacle bug corpses, and not bad ones like tiger armored bugs, I need about 10 million corpses.”

“10 million, sector lord pinnacle?” Tian Qiong was somewhat stunned as his red eyes gazed at Luo Feng.

The silver robed man sitting behind Tian qiong was shocked too. Looking at this black haired youth before him, “This Luo Feng sure is vicious. He is actually ready to buy 10 million sector lord pinnacle bug corpses. This is about the max master can deal in one order!”

“Ok, luckily it’s still within my authority. If you required any more, I’d have to have an audit with the other managers.” Tian Qiong put down his glass.

“Then I’m in your debt Long Jue emperor.” Luo Feng sighed within.

Even though it was 10 million bug corpses, those were referring to complete bodies. However, most of the corpses from the outer regions were all damaged. It normally took a few additional body parts added together to be considered one complete body! Afterall, buying bug corpses…the people buying them were mostly human warriors who owned mother nests, all for producing large amounts of bug soldiers.

They didn’t require perfect corpses.

However…

“According to what Aina told me, 5 or 6 complete tiger armored bug corpses, when swallowed, she would be able to produce 1 living tiger armored bug. After getting ten million complete corpses, building the sector lord army wouldn’t be a problem.” Luo Feng finally felt relief, as the biggest problem to building the sector lord army was the huge resources that it required.

If he used normal A grade metals.

Even 100 earth sized metals, along with the same low level blood and materials etc, it wouldn’t even be able to produce 1 sector lord pinnacle bug!

Sector lord!

As for natural evolution, it normally took 1,000 galaxies to produce one sector lord! With an absolute being’s guidance, the probability would rise by 10 times. However, the numbers were still very small. A sector lord, with a wave of his hand could cause great destruction on an entire planet. Hence, creating a sector lord pinnacle bug, one could only imagine the resources required.

Luckily Luo Feng only required the corpses of the sector lord pinnacle bugs. If he went for domain lord pinnacle corpses, the amount needed would be ten thousand times more.

He would require 100 billion domain lord pinnacle bug corpses!

…

1 hour later.

The dark red skin leader Tian Qiong, with the silver robed man beside, brought his tens of undyings and left the luxurious restaurant.

At the top level.

Luo Feng gazed down through the glass. This was the 9,822nd level, and it was about 100km from here to the bottom level. However, Luo Feng could still easily see the endless people within the pathways below, the many races of humanity had all sorts of appearances.

“Your majesty, congratulations.” Dylan smiled. “With Long Jue emperor’s agreement, this matter is settled without a hitch. Right, why is your majesty buying so many bug corpses, and who are you buying them for?”

“For myself.” Luo Feng said.

“Ah.”

Dylan’s eyes gleamed as he smiled. “Even though you have a mother nest, you have no way to control it, why are you getting so many corpses now? The bodies will rot and decay over time.”

Only undyings were eternal.

Sector lord bodies would indeed rot.

“Hence I require sector lord pinnacle bug corpses.” Luo Feng said indifferently. “The higher the power, the slower the bodies will rot! Those normal student level bodies would begin to rot in 10 days to half a month, universe level would take decades to hundreds of years, sector lord pinnacle, even after 10,000 years, would still only rot a little. After another few tens of thousands of years, it would only rot to the bones. Finally, after another tens of thousands of years, only then would it fully decay. I’m speaking about humans, the bug clan…their construct is different from humans, their surface level has scales and shells etc, they are able to last longer!”

“Also!”

“That’s without maintenance. If I freeze them, the process would be delayed hundreds to thousands of times.” Luo Feng said indifferently. “Getting sector lord pinnacle bug corpses, even after storing for 100,000 years, as long as they are frozen, they definitely wouldn’t rot.

Dylan nodded.

“Anyway, whatever I don’t use I can sell in the future.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “What’s more, I have a mother nest, I will definitely find a way to control it! According to my plan, I won’t stay at domain lord level over 10,000 years. When I reach sector lord pinnacle, I’ll naturally have a way to control it.”

“Your majesty has planned far ahead.” Dylan smiled.

Luo Feng glanced at Dylan.

He had told purple lightning official he was buying for someone else earlier. However, Dylan had been sticking by him all this while, and even if he was under the same lineage, under True Yan Emperor, whichever undying he knew, Dylan probably knew even more. Lying to Dylan would eventually be exposed.

Hence he simply admitted to it.

And Dylan was under True Yan’s orders to protect him, every move he made would be reported to True Yan.

True Yan emperor was his teacher.

Other than his own personal secret, he would rather not lie about anything else.

“Planned far ahead? To compete with the pinnacle geniuses of humanity, how can I not plan far ahead? If I only look at the present, I would be exceeded by others.” Luo Feng smiled indifferently. “Like how I’ve already purchased the soul control technique and began its training, all in the hopes of controlling the mother nest in the future.”

Dylan’s eyes gleamed, smiling as he complimented and nodded, “I respect your majesty’s forward thinking. When you own the mother nest in the future and make a bug army…hehe, your majesty, I await that day.”

“Haha…” Luo Feng laughed.

He had long completed the 3rd level of 10,000 soul control and controlled the mother nest. The moment he had enough sector lord bug corpses, he would immediately begin producing that army!

“With the sector lord army in hand, when I explore at sector lord level, I’ll be able to go to dangerous places.” Luo Feng anticipated.

…

The Yun Mo planet ship continued to fly in the dark universe.

…

In the 9th month after he left earth, virtual universe, Black Dragon mountain 9 star bay.

Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god sat around a table.

“The past few times we tried contacting you, we couldn’t even get through big brother.” Luo Feng lifted his tea pot and poured 3 cups. The amber like tea flowed into the cups, “Did you cut off connections?”

“Thirdie, don’t bring up big brother. How many times have I looked for you during these 100 years?” The white robed bald man Thunder god said. “And you only returned to 9 stay bay a few times. When I look for you at other times, you always cut off all connections. Big brother too! During these 100 years, I’ve never even contacted you. The two of you…are so busy!”

“Don’t say that it is just us.”

Luo Feng looked at Thunder god, “2nd brother, you haven’t been on earth these past 200 years. Back then, you even said you’d stay rooted on earth.”

The two of them argued for awhile.

Beside them, Hong lifted his tea cup and smiled at their noise as he sipped his tea.

“Big brother, Thirdie went to the gold horn race home within these 100 years.” Thunder god said. “The gold horn race is another race besides humanity. However, they are subservient to humanity. Right, don’t spread this news about them, it’s just for us to know.”

“Hm.” Hong nodded.

Luo Feng and Thunder god exchanged glances.

Because of Ji Qing’s matter back then, Hong seemed very calm on the surface. However, the 2 brothers knew that it was a huge blow to him. After that, Hong went to join the Huge axe dojo’s elite training faction. After which…Luo Feng and Thunder god, other than the initial conversations, lost contact with him.

They hadn’t contacted each other in over a hundred years.

“Big brother.” Luo Feng spoke.

“Hm?” Hong looked over.

“What have you been doing over these 100 years?” Luo Feng asked.

“Primal chaos city!” Hong said.

“Primal chaos city?” Luo Feng was stunned, beside him thunder god stared wide eyed too.

Luo Feng had been there before, hence thunder god was very clear on what it meant…simply going there was extremely difficult.

“Hm. The last time after Jade Dome planet’s incident, I went to the elite training camp. There, I spent the years working hard and improved quite a bit. Finally, I was accepted into the Huge Axe Dojo’s core!” Hong smiled indifferently. “The group of special elites accepted then had the chance to go to primal chaos city to train. My time there was similar to yours, akin to the outside world of 100 years. It was just yesterday that I left the primal universe. Right now, I’m heading towards one of the Huge Axe Dojo’s secret regions. I’m currently in a ship and my consciousness is in the virtual universe network chatting with you two.”

“Damn.” Thunder god stared.

“Damn.” Luo Feng could only say this too.

Truly.

This big brother Hong was seriously too low profile!

“Big brother, you are too calm for someone who had entered the core of the Huge Axe Dojo. Even the geniuses from the entire ganwu universe country wouldn’t necessarily be picked! Now that you’ve entered their core, you actually told no one and seem so calm. Not even telling anyone about your 100 years in primal chaos city.” Thunder god stared wide eyed.

“It was a lucky incident, and it made my training more solid. What’s there to be proud of.” Hong said casually.

“You are vicious.” Thunder god was speechless.

“Big brother, are you poking fun at him, and about my pride.” Luo Feng looked at Hong.

“Haha…”

Hong laughed, “Alright, it was a small matter. Also the Huge Axe Dojo would pick special elites from the entire universe and after which, they go through another round of selection. Even if one gets into the core, they are only in the outer circles of the core. Akin to your last phase members of the Virtual Universe Company. It’s nothing to be proud of. When the day comes that I’m able to enter the innermost core of the Huge Axe secret region, becoming a true member of the organization, I will definitely celebrate big time then.”

Luo Feng and thunder god exchanged glances and smiled.

…

From the ganwu universe country’s milky way heading to the distant Wu Long starfield, it was indeed very far.

After a year and 2 months of travel, Luo Feng and his group finally arrived at the Wu Long Starfield.


Chapter 676: Medium World

Wu Long Starfield was one of the 9 great rubbish starfields. But, in truth it was a true treasure ground.

Within the dark space, a ripple occurred and a triangular blood colored universe ship appeared.

…

Within the control room.

Luo Feng and Dylan both gazed at the floating group of palaces in space.

“Luo Feng, we’ve arrived at the coordinates, universe travel is now complete. We are very close to the palace from here, it’ll only take 25 minutes to get there.” Babata’s voice resounded within the control room.

“After 1 year and 2 months, we’ve finally arrived. It sure wasn’t easy coming here.” Luo feng smiled. “Let’s go and meet Tian Qiong.”

“Yes.”

The Yun Mo Planet ship accelerated again and became a blur as it flew towards the palace.

The palaces were well organized with outer walls, and within the walls were tens of palaces, all at different heights. The entire area took up an area of over 100k km, and outside of these palaces were black armored guards patrolling. The security system had long discovered Luo Feng’s group.

“Stop.” A warning signal was sent to the Yun Mo planet ship.

“I am Luo Feng here to see Long Jue emperor.” The ship returned a message.

After a while.

With the Yun Mo planet ship stopped outside the walls, Luo Feng kept the ship as the 2 of them stood in space looking at the vast palaces. The palaces had an energy barrier that flashed occasionally and covered the palaces completely. With Luo Feng’s vision, he could instantly tell that it was of a higher grade than the Yun Mo planet ship’s. The moment he tried to barge in it would trigger the defense system’s attack.

“Rumble…” The main entrance opened.

The silver robed man brought with him a large group of black armored guards. Seeing Luo Feng and Dylan, he smiled, “Luo Feng, the master is already waiting for you, please follow me.”

Luo Feng and Dylan followed him and the group, entering the palace.

Rumble, the entrance closed behind them.

The tallest and most majestic palace of the group, at the entrance stood a large group of white robed guards, they were all sector lord pinnacle level.

Luo Feng and Dylan followed the silver robed man into the palace and along the pathways, quickly reaching a quiet slanted hall.

“Haha Luo Feng, this is the real 1st time we are meeting. “The dark red skinned and red eyed Long Jue emperor Tian Qiong laughed loudly. “Sit, both of you.”

“Thank you Long Jue Emperor.”

Luo Feng said respectfully, following which Dylan and him sat down.

“The last time we met was in the virtual universe. Since the entire network was under the Virtual Universe Company’s surveillance, many things couldn’t be said fully.” Long Jue emperor laughed. “You said back then you wanted to buy 10 million sector lord pinnacle bug corpses, I wasn’t clear if you had checked up in secret before. In truth, this number…is indeed the upper limit of what I can supply to you alone.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

“The 9 great rubbish starfields, any one starfield is more wealthy than an entire universe country.” Long Jue Emperor emphasized. “Hence, there are a total of 5 people at the top of management in Wu Long Starfield. They are separate from the Virtual Universe Company, Huge Axe Dojo, Universe 1st bank…the 5 leviathans.”

“As long as the scale of a sale doesn’t exceed 10 million units, we can all individually act. However the moment it exceeds that amount, all 5 have to audit it.” Long Jue emperor smiled. “If anyone has too much power, it could result in large amount of resources being lost.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“And here, every 100,000 sector lord pinnacle bug corpses are priced at 10,000 mixed elements. You want to buy 10 million, hence that would be 1 million mixed elements.” He looked at Luo Feng. “Considering it is right at my limit, looks like there’s someone who told you about this.”

“This, is simply too much of a coincidence.” Luo Feng was stunned. “I really wasn’t informed of this.”

Long Jue emperor glanced at Luo feng without asking anymore.

“Hm!”

He squinted his eyes, his red eyes that made people tremble glanced at Luo Feng, “The 10 million sector lord pinnacle bug corpses are priced at 1 million mixed elements. Wait awhile while I go pay.”

“Can there be any discounts?” Luo Feng asked.

“No.”

Long Jue Emperor shook his head. “This is the fixed price set by the 5 leviathans. 100,000 sector lord pinnacle bug corpses or 1 billion domain lord pinnacle bug corpses, they are all sold for 10,000 mixed elements. There’s no room for any discounts.”

Luo Feng frowned.

He had looked for Long Jue emperor in the hopes of a discount, however it seemed like that was impossible.

“Whether it’s me or the other 4 managers. Our deals…the prices are all fixed, we cannot mess with it.” He noticed Luo Feng’s expression, he couldn’t help but burst out laughing, “Little punk, looks like you are nervous. Don’t worry, hold it in.”

“There’s bound to be loopholes in any law.” He rubbed his chin looking at Luo feng. “This bug clan corpse deal naturally has its loophole. You were introduced by purple lightning official, and you are the disciple of True Yan emperor of whom I respect, let me help you out.”

Luo Feng listened intently.

“Firstly, the amount of money cannot be any less.” He smiled. “However, you should know that the bug clan has many divisions and types. The top level bugs compared to the low level bugs, all are sector lord pinnacle bugs, however their price may vary by ten times.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Right.

A sector lord pinnacle shadow spear bug body compared to a hunting mantis body, how could the price be the same? The difference was about 5 times!

“Every 100,000 corpses are sold as one unit.” Long Jue emperor smiled, “However on Wu Long star field, there are countless corpses stored and split into countless units. Within some units, there are more high level corpses while others have more low level corpses. Among all the sector lord pinnacle corpses, different units will have differences in prices of 2 to 3 times. The extreme ones can reach up to 4 or 5 times.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

10 million shadow spear corpses compared to 10 million hunting mantis corpses, the difference was 5 times.

5 times, what was that?

1 million mixed elements, it could buy bug corpses worth 5 million mixed elements. The profit in this was shocking. In one deal alone, one could earn 4 million mixed elements in profits. How terrifying was this? Of course in reality, it was hard to find such shocking differences in prices of units. Normally the difference was only about 2 or 3 times.

“Here’s 200 numbers.” Tian Qiong flipped his hand and threw out 200 metal cards, on them were complex numbers.

“This is?”

Luo Feng raised his hand and used his spirit energy to grab them. Every metal card was about the size of his palm. But the 200 of them combined reached almost his height. The numbers on each of them were very complex. For example, one of them was “b2461—— 95453——13402——96289——71833”.

“Every number represents a goods unit.” Tian Qiong laughed. “With one metal card you’ll be able to buy 1 unit of sector lord pinnacle bug corpses, every unit has 100,000 corpses within.

“200 units, isn’t that 20 million?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“These 200 units are all not bad. They all exceed their value, and some even had high level bugs.” Tian Qiong laughed, “I’m giving you 200 metal cards for you to go and choose from. Go pick the best 100 units! When you are done picking, you can return me the remaining metal cards.”

“Understood.” Luo feng smiled and nodded.

He felt gratitude within. This Tian Qiong didn’t source for any benefits or hint at any, Luo Feng didn’t know…to such a level of being like Tian Qiong, what benefit could Luo Feng give him? He’d rather do him a favor. And at times these favors…were worth more than getting any benefits, and will be more useful in the future.

To be in such a lucrative post, other than background, one had to have integrity.

“Oh, this is a medium sized world ring.” Tian Qiong tossed out a silver ring. “There’s an internal world within that has an area of 100,000 km. Since you’ve purchased 1 million mixed elements worth of items, you get the chance to go to rubbish mountain to take some treasures.”

“Take treasures?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“Hm.”

Tian Qiong nodded, “The wars in the outer regions have caused countless remains to be sent here. All sorts of remains, some worth anything have already been divided and sold by themselves! There are others that are low in worth that would all be gathered in different places, floating in space, that’s rubbish mountain! Those that come here to buy…would all get a world ring and choose some items within rubbish mountain to place in them…until the ring is full, that would be the end of the trip.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng nodded.

With an area of 100,000 km, one could put hundreds to even a thousand earths in it, how huge was this?

One could easily see the wealth of the business of these 9 great rubbish starfields.

“Haha, rubbish mountain is the accumulation of trillions of years. Among these countless rubbish mountains, who knows how many things have been stored there. There may be some treasures.” Tian Qiong said, “You’ve been given the world ring and it’s a medium sized one, it can store quite a bit. Go pick your items well, you may even get some treasures.”

Luo Feng laughed.

“Go, head over to the financial affairs side to pay. After that, you can enter Wu Long starfield…within the super huge treasure trove, you can slowly pick your bug corpse units and treasures.” Tian Qiong laughed and stood up.

…

200 metal cards and the silver space ring, they were both tokens that represented Luo Feng could enter Wu Long starfield and take the items.

“Luo Feng, sector lord pinnacle bug corpses 100 units.”

“Deal success.”

“Lord, 1 million mixed elements have already been transferred.” A beautiful gold long haired lady undying said respectfully.

“Hm.” Tian Qiong nodded, turning to look at Luo Feng and Dylan. “Luo Feng, let’s go, I’ll send you to within Wu Long Starfield.”

…

After a while.

“Humanity’s territory, there’s been an account transfer in one of the 9 great rubbish starfields, Wu Long starfield. It has no.3 Luo Feng’s name and he just spent 1 million mixed elements, acquiring the chance to enter Wu Long starfield and bought 100 units of sector lord pinnacle bug corpses. He will most probably be spending the next 10-30 days in Wu Long Starfield.” A report that had been encoded hundreds of times within the virtual universe, in a very simply mail format, had been sent to one of the organization’s mail reception points.


Chapter 677: Number 6

High above in the vast endless god country, within a majestic palace.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

A green skinned man with a single black horn swiftly walked within the sparkling hallways, his footsteps resounding within, his body became a blur and in a few seconds, he had reached a few hundred km away, before a gold door that gave off an extreme cold chill.

Rumble…The green skinned man pushed open the door, it rumbled as it opened.

He stepped into the hall.

It was about 100km in area, within the vast area, other than the green skinned man, there was only one other person, a silhouette completely covered in a gold robe, sitting alone cross legged.

“Hm?” The gold robed man looked up, his piercing gaze falling on the green skinned man.

“Master!”

The green skinned man immediately knelt down.

“Speak.” The gold robed man said indifferently.

“According to sources, no.3’s name has appeared in a transaction in Wu Long starfield, one of humanity’s 9 great rubbish starfields.” He said with utmost respect.

“No.3?” The gold robed man said softly, “Luo Feng?”

“Yes master. According to the report, no.3 just spent 1 million mixed elements purchasing 100 units of sector lord pinnacle bug corpses. And according to the predictions, he should be heading to enter Wu Long starfield to choose the sector lord corpses,for the next 10-30 days, he’ll be in Wu Long Starfield.” The green skinned man said respectfully.

“Master.”

“The regions with endless remains in that area forbid undyings from entering. Meaning, No.3 cannot bring his undying guard Dylan with him. He can only go in with the guides!” The green skinned man looked up, his eyes gleaming, “Master, this is a good chance for us!”

Laying hidden within the human territories, one of the most important missions of the organization was…to kill all absolute geniuses that would pose a threat!

The moment they were deemed a threat, if they didn’t take the chance when these geniuses weren’t powerful yet, the moment they became undying…many would immediately become officials, and the absolute geniuses would very quickly reach emperor level, then in the outer region wars, these emperor level undyings would give them terrifying losses.

And according to their threat levels, they naturally had rankings.

This ranking included all the 5 leviathans and their geniuses, (those that haven’t reached the undying level). They were ranked according to their threat levels, as sector lords have the fastest origin law comprehension and improvement speeds, hence the sector lord geniuses tend to be ranked the highest.

However Luo Feng’s rank was still no.3!

Obviously among the bug clan organization hidden within humanity, they deemed Luo Feng’s threat level to be even bigger than many sector lord geniuses. Or as they have trained for very long, their strengths far exceed Luo Feng’s. However with Luo Feng’s display of strength in the Gold horn race Lao’s world…

His improvement was simply too shocking.

Like an absolute genius of a trillion eras, his threat ranking naturally got higher. Like the most exceptional geniuses of humanity’s history, like Ke Di etc, they would probably long have been no.1 even at universe level.

“No.3 is entering Wu Long starfield?” The gold robed man ordered, “Send the order, immediately order agent 6 who’s hidden in there to kill no.3!”

“Yes!”

The green skinned man said respectfully.

No.3 represented his threat ranking, and this ranking meant…that the bug clan was willing to pay a huge price to kill him! The higher the ranking, the more they were willing to pay! And to hide pawns within Wu Ling star field was incredibly difficult, every one of them was extremely valuable.

Agent 6…was already the top assassin of their pawns hidden in Wu Long Starfield.

Wu Long Starfield.

An asteroid was floating in space without moving, even though it seemed like one, it’s interior had long been modified into an observation point.

Within the asteroid.

“There’s a domain lord level life or death battle in the Huge Axe dojo, brothers, let’s all enter the virtual universe, hurry, any delay and the match will be over.” A tall and sturdy man covered in armor shouted excitedly, the days spent in this observation point were dull.

Watching life or death battles, gambling, these were their recreations.

“Here it is.”

“Haha, my luck’s been good recently, I’ve won the past 3 times, I’ll definitely win this time as well.”

The members all cheered within, all with a thread of consciousness in the virtual universe network, as for the observation mission, actually with Wu Long starfield’s extremely perfect security and surveillance system, their jobs as observation members were simply to check if there were any damages in the system etc.

After All the AI system had differences from humans.

Within a resting quarter of the asteroid, this room was completely made of alloys, a skinny man with green eyes lay in his bed, his head covered in a layer of black scales.

“Hu.” He suddenly got up, his green eyes staring at the alloy walls.

“The mission…has come.”

Laying hidden for 10,000 years, 100,000 years, waiting for the one chance to make a move.

The moment he did, whether it was a success or failure, it was hard to survive. Even if he successfully killed Luo Feng…he would be trapped and killed by the powerful human forces within Wu Long starfield.

At this time.

Luo Feng and Dylan, along with Long Jue emperor were sitting in a universe ship and travelling in the dark universe.

“We are about to enter the outback region of Wu Long starfield.” Long Jue emperor smiled, “The starfield is after all to big, if we fly slowly in this ship, even after flying for 100,000 years, we’d still only have flown a small portion of it.”

A normal galaxy had a diameter of about 100,000 light years.

And a starfield, normally had 10,000 galaxies, its diameter being a few million light years was very normal.

Laos world had a diameter of only 2.1 light years, compared to a huge starfield, it was simply a dot. One could only imagine…the endless amount of rubbish remains etc in Wu Long starfield, it could easily fill the entire Laos world.

“Hence we have to universe travel and head to another spot.” Long Jue emperor emphasized, “Let me warn you, there are a few fixed spots within Wu Long starfield for universe travel. The other regions are filled with goods, remains, the moment a ship appears…it would immediately be attacked, even an emperor level undying wouldn’t be able to escape.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

That powerful?

“The 9 great rubbish starfields are true treasure troves.” Long Jue emperor smiled indifferently, “The other 4 and I aren’t the highest level. But we are the highest level in charge of the deals. In the entire Wu Long starfield…there are others in charge of supervision and killing! These are the knights stationed here!”

“There’s no way around it, any 1 of the 9 great rubbish starfields, if it were to be robbed…we could easily lose hundreds of millions of mixed elements in just one heist. Hence we have to have powerful forces stationed here.” He smiled, “The true power of the Wu Long starfield, even I don’t know. I’m only in charge of the deals.”

Luo Feng nodded.

…

After flying for over 2 hours.

The ship went through universe travel and returned to the actual universe, a formless signal scanned past.

Rumble…in the distant floating space, there was a palace with a diameter of about 10,000 km, many silhouettes flew out from there.

The ship stopped and the cabin door opened.

Long Jue Emperor, Luo Feng and Dylan flew out.

“Long Jue emperor.” The group of silhouettes bowed respectfully.

“Hm.” He nodded.

“This is Luo Feng, in a while he will go in to choose his goods. Send 2 guides with him.” Long Jue emperor ordered, the group complied, “Yes!”

Luo Feng and Dylan turned to look and were immediately shocked.

My god!

With a glance…

It was an endless space of countless goods and remains that filled the area, extremely vast!

“I’ve long imagined this, however seeing the entire space filled with goods, it’s truly shocking.” Luo Feng looked up at the endless goods. Without any gravity in space, and no deliberate division, it resulted in…no matter where he looked, he would see…

Only little portions were empty, however other than these spots for light speed universe travel, the other regions were completely filled.

“Don’t be surprised.”

Long Jue emperor floating beside him turned and saw Luo Feng, smiling, “The race wars, what are they? A few huge pinnacle races at war with each other, along with the other races alliance wars… these are wars that cover a vast area, the amount of debris and remains from these are naturally shocking. Even the god countries etc are far from being enough to store all this rubbish, hence the starfields were specially used to store them! Wu Long star field, is but one of them.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Also.”

“As there are countless valuable goods within, hence undyings are forbidden from going in to pick the goods.” He smiled, “As undyings can steal large amount of goods, and teleport them through their god country! Hence…no undying is allowed in to pick goods.”

Luo Feng realized.

Right, if an undying stole lots of goods within and teleported it away via his god country, the losses from just one time could reach hundreds of millions of mixed elements. And this level of wealth… even official level undyings didn’t have such wealth. Undyngs would definitely take this risk.

“Even if one isn’t an undying.” Long Jue emperor exclaimed, “Sector lords and domain lords etc, they have to have extremely high authority granted to them, normal sector lords and domain lords cannot go in either. Luo Feng you are a primal region member, you have high authority…hence you can enter. The normal sector lords, they may be controlled by others and may hide undyings within their internal worlds, or having a world ring, bringing an undying along.”

“Long Jue Emperor, aren’t you worried I’m carrying an undying in my world ring?” Luo Feng smiled.

“You?”

“With such high authority as a primal region member, the moment you steal…you’ll be hunted down by the entire humanity. You will never be able to return! Can you bear to do so?” Long Jue emperor looked at Luo Feng.

“If my soul is being controlled.” Luo Feng asked.

“Soul control on such a high level genius, those organizations wouldn’t be so stupid as to waste such a valuable spy to steal some goods. Maybe to some, these goods are very valuable…however to an entire race, this is nothing.” Long Jue emperor shook his head.

At this time, 2 white robed silhouettes flew over from the distance.

“Luo Feng, these are your 2 guides. He pointed at the white robed men, “Follow them and also tell them you metal card numbers, they will guide you to the right spots with the bug corpses. As for Dylan, he’ll have to stay here. This is the rule, no undyings are allowed within the goods storage regions, even I cannot go against it.”


Chapter 678: Picking Treasures.

Luo Feng nodded, turning to Dylan beside, “Dylan, you can stay here and train for awhile.”

“Your majesty must be careful alone.” Dylan warned.

Over 200 years, Dylan had always stuck right beside him, hardly ever leaving his side.

“Haha, there’s nothing to worry about.” Long Jue emperor laughed loudly. “This is Wu Long starfield, a true important land. What danger could there possibly be? And there are many powerful beings stationed here, the moment there’s any incident, the security system will immediately discover it and the knights…they can instantly arrive at any spot in Wu Long Starfield.”

“Dylan, you heard it.” Luo Feng smiled at him.

“Long Jue Emperor, then I’ll enter.” Luo Feng said.

“Haha, go on. But, don’t forget to go to the many rubbish mountains to look for treasures, you might discover something. Over 3,000 eras ago here, there was an internal member who discovered an ancient broken shard that was worth over a hundred million mixed elements. He immediately struck it rich!” Long Jue emperor exclaimed. “Even though we are extremely careful in our separation of remains, the amount of the goods are simply too huge. Even a robot type human would occasionally make mistakes. Sometimes people simply get lucky and find treasures.”

“How many have actually got items worth over hundred million mixed elements?” Luo Feng asked.

“In the recent 10,000 eras, only 2.” He replied.

Luo Feng shook his head.

The 9 great rubbish starfields would attract the highest echelon of the entire humanity. After which, they sent their own sector lords to enter and pick the items. The number of deals per day was very high…every time there was a deal, according to the size of it, they would also give a world ring for them to head to rubbish mountain.

Yet in the recent hundred million years, only 2 had gotten true treasures. The probability was simply too low.

“Finding treasures, is simply that, finding. However, it’s simply a gift from our end. To actually get treasures will depend on your luck and nothing more.” Long Jue mocked.

Luo Feng laughed.

After which he bid goodbye to Long Jue Emperor and Dylan and followed the two white robed men. “Two guides, let head out.”

The two replied respectfully, “Yes Lord Luo Feng.”

With a wave, a 80 diameter disc shaped universe ship appeared. Simultaneously, they said respectfully, “Lord Luo Feng, travelling within Wu Long starfield requires our internal ship, other ships flying within without authority would be attacked, please enter.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng and the two white robed guides entered.

After which, the ship accelerated and reached light speed, vanishing into the distant space.

…

Long Jue emperor and Dylan watched the ship go.

“Dylan, how long do you think Luo Feng will take to return?” Long Jue smiled.

“10 days to half a month.” Dylan said.

“I’m guessing at least half a year.” Long Jue laughed loudly. After that, with the group that welcomed them, they travelled through 100,000 km of space into the distant palace.

The disc shaped ship travelled in the dark universe for awhile before travelling back to the actual universe.

“Lord Luo Feng, even though we only flew for awhile in the dark universe, if we slowly flew in the actual universe to where the sector lord bug corpses were, it would take at least a hundred years.” The silver disc shaped ship stopped in space. The cabin door opened and the 3 of them flew out, one of the guides continued.

“I know. For 1 light year in the actual universe, it would only take 3 light seconds in the dark universe.” Luo Feng said, gazing about.

My god!

The surrounding light seconds of space was empty, any further and it was an endless sea of bug corpses.

“Every purchase of bug corpses start here.” The taller white robed man smiled. “Your majesty, please tell me your metal card numbers.”

“Hua!”

With a flip of his hand, 200 metal cards appeared in the air, scaring the 2 white robed men.

They carefully examined the cards. “b2461——95453——13402—— 96289——71859” “b2446——56453——13202——96226——43193” the numbers were complex. After reading the numbers completely, the 2 white robed men looked down at their quantum computer and swiftly verified, quickly looking back up respectfully at Luo Feng.

“Lord Luo Feng, these 200 metal cards represent 200 units of bug corpses that aren’t too far away. However, there’s some distance in between each of them, calculating the entire trip if we fly together, with a speed of 100,000 km per second, the round trip will take about 13 days.” The taller white robed man smiled, “This is considered a shorter distance already.”

Luo Feng muttered within.

With Wu Long starfield’s millions of light years in diameter, simply flying for a few days, and being able to verify all the goods, this was indeed very short.

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes.”

The two white robed guides immediately released their world energies to wrap about Luo Feng, becoming beams of lights as they swiftly flew. Sector lord level warriors could easily maintain close to light speed during flight. Undyings could completely use only their physical bodies to reach light speed and enter the dark universe and back.

“So many.” Luo Feng looked about.

The endless blur of goods filled the entire space. With only several pathways in between, Luo Feng and the other two followed a 100km wide pathway and flew.

“Endless bug corpses, almost all of them are broken and damaged.” As Luo Feng swiftly flew within the pathway, he used his spirit energy to sweep the surrounding close by corpses. “These are domain lord level corpses. Long Jue Emperor was right, within one unit there are all sorts of levels of corpses, some high level bugs and others lower levels. Indeed the prices all differ.”

After flying for 8 days.

Luo Feng and the other two finally reached the region with the sector lord pinnacle bug corpses.

…

Within an observation point in Wu Long Starfield.

A skinny man with a head full of black scales sat in his bed. He looked up at the screen before him that displayed detailed maps of the security system of the entire Wu Long starfield. The entire area was under surveillance, with blurs of dots appearing in different regions of the map.

As long as one was within the good storage region of Wu Long Starfield, no one could escape it’s surveillance.

“b24 region, enlarge.”

The skinny man’s green gaze carefully examined the map as he ordered his quantum computer, “Lock in on the 3 silhouettes.”

“Di!”

3 moving dots that appeared in the region of b24 of the surveillance map was enlarged. As for these 3 dots, 2 of them were white, while another the other was red.

“Buying bug corpses?”

“No.3 Luo Feng?”

The skinny man stared hard at the screen. As a member of the observation team within Wu Long Starfield, every member could view the maps. The moment there was a problem in any part of the entire area, these members would immediately discover it and go fix the problem or get a new part etc.

Afterall…

Surveillance over a star field with a diameter of millions of light years, how difficult was that? It was easy for problems to arise considering how much machinery was involved.

“No.3 has already entered the bug corpses region for two days, it’s time to make a move!”

Hu!

The skinny man got up and immediately the projected screen vanished too.

“Hua!” The alloy door opened and he walked out.

“Kasey.” A tall and sturdy apeman walking in the pathway outside laughed loudly. “Why, are you heading out?”

“I’m too bored, I still have 3 chances of searching for treasures. Hence, I’m prepared to head out now. Hey, you want to go as well?” The skinny man smiled. The apeman seemed somewhat envious. “The moment the chances were given I used them all. I really envy you, you still have 3 chances.”

“Haha…Then I’ll be going, wish me luck in finding treasures.” The skinny many laughed and headed out.

“Keep dreaming.” The apeman shook his head.

Rumble…

The seemingly normal asteroid from outside opened up and the skinny man’s green eyes gazed about. With just a wave, a silver disc shaped ship appeared. He entered it and swiftly began universe travel.

…

After a short period of time.

Outside the palace, floating in space, ripples appeared and a silver disc shaped ship appeared.

After keeping the ship, the skinny agent 6 headed straight towards the sides of the palace, to the slanted hall. His arrival didn’t arouse any of the guard’s suspicion.

“Kasey, why have you come?”

“I’m bored, I’m prepared to go try my luck at the rubbish mountain.” Agent 6 casually spoke with the guards he knew well, after which he entered the hall.

Within.

There were many members sitting there.

“I’m here to get a world ring, I still have 3 chances to search for treasures.” The skinny man sat in a chair and told a white robed man. “I’ve already requested this through the virtual universe earlier.”

“It’s Kasey. Haha, hold on.” The white robed man sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe and began to work.

“Alright, this is a small world ring. Remember, you have to return the ring once your chance is over. place whatever treasure you’ve found in your own internal world.” The man said.

“Relax, you are so naggy, would I not know?”

Kasey smiled.

“Good luck then.” The white robed man threw a black world ring out and Kasey grabbed it, after which he casually headed out. Halfway through he turned, “I remember the max amount of time…I’m given is 1 year right?”

“Right, 1 year.” The white man said indifferently.

“Haha, this one year will be relaxing.” Kasey smirked satisfied.

…

Searching for treasures within the 9 great rubbish starfields had already become a tradition. As there were indeed truly lucky people in history, getting some shocking heavenly treasures. And the rubbish mountains within the rubbish starfields, some had been there for trillions of years. Hence, a few treasures may have been overlooked.

Therefore!

In addition to that, the members within the great rubbish starfields have all made requests, and the higher levels all knew that these rubbish mountains were simply all about luck. There were truly very few treasures within. Plus, the lower level members’ lives were simply too dull. Hence, there was an incentive such that, every 10,000 years, there would 1 chance to use a small world ring to search for treasures.


Chapter 679: Life or Death 90 Seconds

The countless bug corpses floating in space had no end to them.

They were all sector lord pinnacle!

“So many bug corpses, trillions of sector lord pinnacle corpses.” Luo Feng looked over, he imagined the trillions of sector lord bug soldiers that fought in the outer region wars…one single attack, the explosion alone, even a knight that was simply brushed by the attack would instantly be killed.

The quantity made a difference!

A million sector lords, even an emperor level undying would have to dodge.

A trillion sector lords, even a knight would have to dodge.

Of course…1 single mother nest, even with its long life span, constantly producing bug soldiers, it still couldn’t reach such a terrifying number such as trillion. This wasn’t something 1 mother nest could do alone, it was the combined effort of countless mother nests working together!

And endless bug ocean, invincible!

“Lord Luo Feng, the small group of damaged corpses gathered here can become 100k complete bug corpses, it’s 1 of the 200 units of yours.” The tall white robed man said.

“Ah?”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, quickly sweeping the area with his spirit energy.

Even though the remains and corpses were endless, in truth they weren’t exactly all pushed and clamped together, every unit was separate from another, with tens of km in between! And the large amount of remains and corpses within each unit could form balls with diameters of several km.

“There are 3 mantis type, 18 armored types, 2 lizard types…” Luo Feng’s spirit energy swept the several km in diameter ball of corpses and remains, according to his inherited memories and the information he had found via the virtual universe network, he quickly determined their worth.

Luckily he knew these well, he quickly made his decisions.

“Not bad, the top level bugs take up more than half, this unit… should be able to produce about 20k sector lord pinnacle tiger armored bugs.” Luo Feng was surprised within, “That Long Jue emperor has indeed treated me well, if the other units can all reach this level. Then with 100 units, I’ll be able to produce 2 million tiger armored bugs!”

It was worth it!

Spending 1 million mixed elements and producing a 2 million strong sector lord bug army! And it was the defensive and powerful tiger armored bug!

“Continue!”

…

Luo Feng went to the next unit.

200 units, Luo Feng examined each carefully, as he viewed more of them, he understood that the 1st unit he saw was considered one of the best.

After viewing half of them, he could see from the numbers.

1 unit of corpses, 2% of them could produce 20-30k sector lord pinnacle tiger armored bugs.

26% of them could produce 15-20k sector lord pinnacle tiger armored bugs.

32% of them could produce 15k sector lord pinnacle tiger armored bugs.

40% of them could produce 10 sector lord pinnacle tiger armored bugs.

After examining all 100 units, he determined the percentage, in summary, he was already incredibly satisfied.

Because if he went through purchasing the companies, to produce 1 million tiger armored bugs, it would require about 2.5 million mixed elements. And right now it wasn’t even half of that, simply 1 million mixed elements, yet he could easily produce over 1 million tiger armored bugs, maybe even 1.5 million!

“Lord Luo Feng, the units of bug corpses around obviously do not compare to yours.” The shorter white robed guide said, “The units Long Jue Emperor had prepared for you are considered the upper level goods!”

“Haha.” Luo Feng laughed and nodded, “Long Jue Emperor has indeed treated me well.”

Naturally picking the corpses required good vision.

As almost all of the corpses that were frozen were broken and in bits, if one had simply gotten information about them via the virtual universe network, it would be hard to determine its condition. Luckily Luo Feng had his inherited memories, within his memories were detailed information about the bug clan, at least much more detailed than the public information the virtual universe company provided.

Luo Feng could simply browse through 90% of the corpses and he would already be able to calculate every unit’s worth.

“Rank the 200 units and their worth.”

“Then I’ll pick the best 100.” Luo Feng wasn’t stupid.

“Lord Luo Feng, look there.” The taller guide pointed into the distance.

Luo Feng turned to look, there in the distance was a black blur of messy remains, just from a glance, one could feel the ancient energies it emanated, the guide smiled, “That’s rubbish mountain! These mountains are dispersed throughout the entire starfield. Do you want to go try and look for treasure there?”

“Look for treasure?” Luo Feng gazed at the mountain floating in space, filled with anticipation within as he smiled, “No rush, when I’ve picked my bug corpse units then I’ll head over to search.”

“Right, right.” The taller guide nodded, “It’s best to finish your main business first.”

Dressed in a white uniform, the skinny agent 6 had become a beam of light as he floated swiftly flew through the floating remains in space.

He had already entered within Wu Long Star field to search for treasures for 9 days, these 9 days, he acted like normal members searching, looking through the many rubbish mountains before flying to the next one, occasionally entering his ship to universe travel, heading to a further location to search.

“It’s almost time to look for no.3.” Kasey thought within.

Following the spacious space pathways, flying at 100,000 km per second, his eyes gazed at the screen on his wrist, on it displayed the map of Wu Long starfield, he had already specially enlarged the areas about him.

“3 light dots!”

“They are not too far from me, heading within 1 space pathway, if they fly towards me and I do the same, we would naturally meet.” Kasey calculated.

“Hm!”

“At b2446——56453——13202——96216’, I’ll kill no.3 there.” His eyes gleamed coldly.

Sou!

Sou!

Kasey flew towards Luo Feng’s direction, the 3 were flying his way, all along the same space pathway.

…

Luo Feng’s group suddenly stopped.

“Lord Luo Feng, this is one of the 200 units you’ve chosen, this one right in front.” The taller guide looked at his wrist and back up, the several km in diameter of frozen bug corpses and remains floated there.

“Hm.” Luo Feng expanded his spirit energy and carefully examined it.

“Ah?” The taller guide was shocked as he looked as his wrist, “Not far from us, there’s one of ours.”

“Ah, so coincidental?” The shorter guide looked at his wrist too, swiftly adjusting the map and the surrounding regions, quickly seeing that there was indeed a white dot not far from them in the same space pathway.

“What’s going on?” Luo Feng turned to look.

“It’s our people.” The shorter guide’s voice was somewhat nasal as he smiled, “Our internal surveillance and staff members within Wu Long starfield all have the privilege of searching for treasures. Every 10,000 years we get 1 chance to go to rubbish mountain for free to search, however we only get the smallest world rings, capable of only storing so much. Hence within Wu Long Starfield we will occasionally meet some of our internal members searching for treasures, after all our jobs here are extremely dull. And because the surveillance demands are so high, it prevents us from playing virtual games for too long, or even training for too long, only occasionally we get to relax. Hence…searching for treasure is considered the thing we enjoy doing the most. The moment we really get a valuable treasure, we will no longer need to lead such a dull life.”

Luo Feng realized and nodded.

…

Kasey was swiftly flying in the several 100km wide pathway, simultaneously looking at his wrist screen’s map.

“Hm, they’ve stopped?”

“I have to control my speed, or maybe even change the location I kill no.3”

Agent 6 Kasey muttered within.

…

After a while, Luo Feng’s group continued forward, the 2 approached each other, the distance shrank quickly, 100s of thousands of km every second.

“Right here at b2446——56453——13202——96233.” Kasey’s gaze seemed calm and cold, immediately flying as fast as lightning within the spacious pathway to a floating ball, this was a black apparatus ball with a diameter of about 3.9m.

This was Wu Long starfield system’s most basic level mini observation point.

These black ball apparatus could see from around it, 3 million km (10 light seconds) in diameter about.

“Chi.” As Kasey flew past the black apparatus, he casually stuck a translucent sticker on it.

After sticking it, he swiftly returned to the pathway.

…

Following the pathway, he stopped several tens of thousands of km away, patiently waiting.

After about 3 minutes, 3 lightning fast silhouettes appeared in the distant pathway, they quickly slowed down and stopped.

“It’s you Kasey. I was still discussing with Yue Fu who it was.” The taller guide smiled, “To bump into you in Wu Long starfield, it sure is rare.”

“I discovered 3 signals too, hence I didn’t rush to head to that rubbish mountain, waiting to see who it was. Haha, so it’s you 2. Ah, this is…”Kasey’s gaze landed on Luo Feng, immediately becoming much more humble, the taller guide seemed respectful too, “This is Lord Luo Feng, Long Jue emperor personally arranged for us brothers 2 guide him.”

“So it’s Lord Luo feng.” Kasey bowed respectfully

“Hm.” Luo Feng looked at the similarly dressed white robed man before him, “How’s the treasure hunt?”

“Nothing.” Kasey shook his head.

Boom!

Several tens of thousands of km away, the black ball apparatus exploded, simultaneously an extremely small region in the Wu Long Starfield map became a patch of white, as it was simply too small an area, at least so small that it was hard to notice with the naked eye on the map, the security system wouldn’t immediately discover it.

“The apparatus has already been destroyed, there are countless observation points in the starfield, it’s normal for such things to happen, it definitely wouldn’t arouse the knights to personally come and check.” Kasey thought, “According to the normal reaction procedure, sending in the closest ship through universe travel to come do some maintenance, the quickest would also require 90 seconds.”

“Within 90 seconds, I have to kill no.3″

…

At the same time, the security system in Wu Long Starfield sent an order, observation apparatus in b2446——56453——13202—— 96233, b2446—56, will immediately head over for maintenance.”

“b2446—56 ship has already activated, it will take about 98 seconds to reach the point.”


Chapter 680: Die!

As the black apparatus ball exploded tens of thousands of km away, as it exploded in space, no sound could be heard. Plus with large amounts of goods placed all over, the far away Luo Feng and his group couldn’t see nor hear it, also the explosion itself was too weak to even reach them, hence no one detected anything.

“Luo Feng, we’ve lost the surrounding scanning signal.” Babata shouted.

“What? Lost?” Luo Feng was shocked.

As he entered within the star field to pick his bug units, Babata had told him that he could clearly detect a powerful overwhelming scanning signal that engulfed every bit of the surrounding area, and its security system afterall covered the entire starfield.

Several million light years in diameter!

Other places could never imagine such an extravagant system, normally the powerful planets would at most have some satellites and systems around the planet. To have over 10,000 observation points and systems about…even the strongest powers in humanity wouldn’t use such high level apparatus, like Babata’s scanning device only had an area of 20km, and it was incredibly advanced.

In the universe, having 1 device every 20km? How many devices would the entire Wu Long starfield need?

How much would it cost?

Hence it wasn’t worth it.

And there was no need to even hide the fact that the entire Wu Long starfield was under surveillance, hence it naturally emitted a powerful signal of an extremely advanced scanning system. When the apparatus was destroyed, Babata had discovered that signal had completely vanished.

“How can the scanning signal suddenly vanish, has it malfunctioned, or…” Many thoughts flashed through Luo Feng’s mind, he became more alert and cautious.

“Hm?”

He suddenly stared wide eyed.

Ahead, Kasey the man with a head of black scales who had been chatting happily with the 2 guides earlier suddenly flashed his blade, and with the short distance, plus no preparation or defense, the other 2 guides had only begun to react when the blades slashed past their heads.

Their heads were instantly split in 2, flying away as the energy of the blade followed through into their bodies and attacked their life core.

Rumble! Rumble!

2 life cores were instantly broken, it took less than 0.01 seconds, the 2 biggest threats to Kasey, the 2 sector lord pinnacle guides were instantly killed.

“Kasey!”

“Assassin!” Babata shouted within Luo Feng’s mind, “Quick, quickly, quickly flee! This assassin must have many hidden trump cards, to actually be able to make a move here within Wu Long Starfield, he must have been hiding for extremely long and not making a move, he definitely won’t give you any chance. Luo Feng, flee!!!”

However…it was too late!

…

Kasey’s bladework was extremely close and instantly as he killed the 2 sector lord pinnacle warriors, his green eyes gleamed coldly, “The biggest obstacles have been eliminated, with the 2 of them dead, no one can protect Luo Feng. And they are unable to send a report to the security system. Luo Feng can at most quickly send a distress signal to Long Jue Emperor…and Long Jue Emperor probably won’t be too quick about it, normally entering the virtual universe occasionally and checking his mail, it would probably take 30 seconds, after reading and knowing the problem, he would sound the alarm and send a powerful warrior here, after the system receives the alarm, the 1st thing they would do is try and contact Luo Feng’s 2 guides, that would take about 20 seconds and if it fails, they would then send the warrior…as the distance is too far, teleportation won’t be able to reach instantly. Even a knight, using his god country teleportation, it would still take at least 30 seconds to get here.”

“I’m a sector lord level 9 pinnacle and he’s a domain lord level 9.”

“He may have some supporting life form etc, however it cannot change the fact…his soul is only domain lord level 9.”

“Spirit attack!”

“Die!”

Kasey had long planned everything out, while killing the 2 sector lord pinnacle warriors, many thoughts had flashed through his mind as his gaze fell on Luo Feng.

Xiu!

A formless spirit attack instantly rushed and attacked Luo Feng.

Sector lord level 9 versus domain lord level 9, just the difference in strength quantity alone was 1,000 times, even with miraculous encounters etc…one’s soul couldn’t defend against an attack 1,000 times stronger.

Rumble…

The brutal attack condensed, it was almost like the sun crashing into earth, overwhelming!

Luo Feng’s main core within, with his enormous internal world with a diameter exceeding 60 million km, even many sector lord pinnacle golden horned beasts, choosing to use universe crystals to evolve would only have an internal world with a diameter of 30 million km.

The bigger the internal world, the stronger the main core.

When Luo Feng had just stepped into the sector lord level, even many sector lord pinnacle warriors wouldn’t be able to split his main core already. And now that the diameter of his internal world exceeded 60 million km…his main core was incredibly strong! Far exceeding many that choose to use universe crystal to evolve.

This main core…

Was something the golden horned beast was born with, it was very mysterious, it could not only withstand attacks, it could also withstand soul attacks. Back then when Luo Feng immolated his soul and used his all to kill to the golden horned beast, it was because of the main core that managed to stop him from breaking through. Finally, he managed to use his soul immolation along with soul imprint from Hu Yan Bo’s techniques, finally breaking through its defense.

It was powerful and mysterious!

“A sector lord pinnacle, trying to kill me with normal attacks, hmph.” Luo Feng didn’t wish to reveal his powerful main core, swiftly using his void pagoda to defend, the moment it appeared, it completely protected his main core.

This was the normal way a warrior would defend, their main cores were weak, that was a known fact. Afterall, how many could be born with an internal world and one that was so absurdly powerful and huge.

Rumble…

That 5 level void pagoda, with the sector lord level 6 golden horned beast’s spirit energy level that was akin to a normal human sector lord level 8 or 9, the pagoda formed from this was extremely powerful against spirit attacks, it slightly shook and easily withstood the attack.

Over 180 years in the beast god canyon, Luo Feng’s law comprehension had improved tremendously, finally forming the 5th level of the tower.

…

Kasey who had discovered that his spirit attack had failed changed his expression, “The soul attack actually failed, how can that domain lord level 9 withstand my attack?” Instantly, 999 blades appeared before him and the palm sized blades revolved about, causing the entire space around to warp, forming an endless blade wheel world, countless blades slashing at Luo Feng.

They covered the land and skies.

However only the original 999 blades were truly the spirit weapon, everything else was formed from his world energy.

Many thoughts flashed in Luo Feng’s mind, he also devised a battle strategy.

Sector lord level 9 assassin?

It was a good test for himself, of course the 1st thing he’d do in his plan was to ensure is safety.

“If you only have this level of strength, then go and die.” Luo Feng roared fiercely, his voice exploding within Kasey’s mind, simultaneously many vines began to extend from Luo Feng’s shoulders, and as they extended, they got thicker and thicker, in the blink of an eye…

It had reached over 10,000 km, 216 large vines that were like huge snakes wrapping about, every one of them even bigger than the full sized golden horned beast, 1 vine’s length alone exceeded the diameter of earth, these 216 when used in a combined attack, caused the surrounding tens of thousands of km to instantly become a green forest, there were many leaves on each vine and as it attacked, even the distant goods were affected by the ripples.

Kasey could only watch as the green leaves completely engulfed him!

Rumble!

The endless wheel blades struck at the surrounding vines, causing many of them to have huge slashes that stretched over several km, however they swiftly recovered and pushed forward again.

“Cloud contact vine, at least sector lord level 6 cloud contact vine!!!” Kasey roared within, “From the information I received, his cloud contact vine is at most sector lord level 6 and it should have about 108-162 vines, however this has 216 vines, this high level cloud contact vine is akin to 216 sector lord level 8s.”

“The cloud contact vine being strong is enough. But why is his soul defense so strong.”

“Looks like I cannot wish to survive and leave this human territory.”

The terrifying endless vines and leaves surrounded and attacked him, Kasey made a decision instantly. However…

As he blocked, Luo Feng had already begun to trigger his other trump card.

Amongst the endless leaves, there was one which had wrapped about what seemed like a simple streamlined laser gun, it was an e9 grade laser gun, with a short preparation time of 0.1 seconds that passed as Kasey defended against the vines, it had already completed.

The red light vanished and the green light shone!

“Vine, shoot and kill him.” Luo Feng ordered.

Di!

The leaf bent in slightly and it pushed the button.

An extremely glaring pillar of white light shot out at light speed from the barrel, with Luo Feng and Kasey’s strength, they could clearly see the beam shooting out from the e9 laser gun, however…Kasey couldn’t dodge it as he was surrounded by endless vines and leaves.

“e9 laser gun!!!” Kasey’s expression changed, “What’s going on with the report, how can there be such discrepancies, his soul defense is absurd and he even has an e9 laser gun! If he bought it in the virtual universe, how could the bug clan spies not have any record of his purchase? Useless things!”

Rumble…

The glaring pillar of white light instantly hit Kasey’s body, burning at an extreme temperature, with countless light particles forming the high pressure attack, causing the leaves about to be burnt to nothing…


Chapter 681: Luo Feng’s Death Trap

Luo Feng floated in space, the 216 thick vines that stretched over 10,000 km were like huge snakes made wrapping about the assassin within, also the countless leaves all attacked individually, with one of them using the e9 grade laser gun, shooting the glaring pillar of white light at Kasey, the high temperatures caused the surrounding leaves to melt, however it didn’t pierce through Kasey’s armor.

“The e9 grade laser gun can kill normal sector lord level 9s, however it doesn’t guarantee a 100% against a sector lord level 9 pinnacle.” Luo Feng was clear on this point.

To be able to make a move within Wu Long Starfield, this assassin must have been hidden for extremely long.

The moment he made a move, it would definitely be shocking!

To be killed so easily, even Luo Feng couldn’t believe it.

“Bring it, let’s see what you have, see how much you can force me to unleash?” Luo Feng stared at the silhouette within the white pillar of light.

Rumble…

Kasey’s expression was pale as he crashed into the large amount of vines behind him

“Vines, kill him.” Luo Feng ordered.

Rustle…

The countless vines slid about in space, engulfing Kasey. Kasey was very clear…that the cloud contact vine was a plant life form that was extremely hard to deal with, many powerful humans with backgrounds all used cloud contact vines to protect themselves, in terms of its size and cell genetics, it was extremely terrifying.

Luo Feng’s cloud contact vine was nurtured extremely well.

A total of 216 vines, at sector lord level, every vine could reach up to 30,000 km, its thickness was at least 300 km thick, naturally in battle there was no need to go that big, a sector lord level 6 high level vine’s sturdiness was extremely solid, even a sector lord level 9’s destroying speed…probably couldn’t keep up with its regeneration.

“Ah!!!” Against the vines that swallowed him up, he struggled within and let out a mad howl.

“Why howl before you die?”

Luo Feng stood in the distant space and watched.

Suddenly…

“Rumble…A formless terrifying energy, almost like an ant seeing a dragon, began to expand throughout, causing Luo Feng’s expression to change greatly, the spot where Kasey was began to sprout with explosions of flames, causing the space there to become a sea of flames, large amounts of the vine and its leaves were instantly burnt to ashes.

Many thick vines began to warp.

The vine sent a simple thought to Luo Feng, terrified, unable to withstand…

…

With Kasey as the core, an area of 30 km was reduced to ashes, many of the regenerated thick vines didn’t dare go close within that 30 km again.

Endless flames burnt within the space.

There were 2 silhouettes within the flames.

One was the heavily injured and mad Kasey, the other…was a 2m tall man, dressed in ancient black armor, revealing his arms. He was the center of the flames, his arms had thick fiery red hair that covered even his face.

His eyes were like flames burning.

He!

Flame undying!

“No, undying!” Luo Feng watched from far, looking at the undying surrounded by endless flames, he felt a powerful pressure, that undying energy that worked on his body, endless undying energy, like a huge mountain pressing him down!

With the undying energy pressure, he couldn’t resist.

“It’s actually, an undying, this assassin actually brought an undying with him, it definitely, definitely must have been hidden within his internal world.” Luo Feng squinted, “What power is this, to actually stay hidden within Wu Long Starfield’s members…My guess was indeed right, his trump card truly is terrifying.”

It was terrifying.

So terrifying it drove people crazy.

An undying!

Agent 6, to be able to rank top amongst the other pawns hidden within Wu Long Starfield, it was because he had hidden an undying within his internal world. This undying was one that had his soul controlled by the bug clan, and as his identity was compromised, he had no way to show himself or use his god country to return to the bug clan territory.

Without their hidden ambush value, these controlled undyings were normally used as cannon fodder or weapons.

Placing an undying as a pawn within an internal world…using him at critical times!

If one could create a technological weapon capable of killing an undying, it’s price would be absurd, these normal controlled undyings…however, their worth was still much more. Also, a sector lord wielding these weapons in true battle would still never compare to an undying.

This!

Was agent 6’s true trump card, it was also the trump card the bug clan had prepared to kill Luo Feng!

“Long Jue Emperor, I need help, there’s an undying the member brought with him to kill me.” Luo Feng immediately sent a thread of his consciousness into the virtual universe network, simultaneously sending a letter to Long Jue Emperor and spamming it 10 times over!

…

Long Jue emperor was at the time within the outermost palace of the starfield, discussing business with others.

“This is 10 million mixed elements to buy goods, this 10%…which is 1 million mixed elements, is a little for your troubles Long Jue emperor.” A bald old man in a black exquisite long robe spoke in a friendly manner, smiling.

“You wish to get 10 million mixed elements worth of goods, that’s not easy…” Long Jue emperor frowned, “You should know that for over 1 million, I cannot make the decision myself.”

As it has to go into the accounts, and there would be detailed records within.

Whatever was bought and paid for.

Like Luo Feng purchasing 1 million mixed elements worth of bug corpses, these were all recorded and thoroughly audited.

Hence…it put an end to buying separate batches, and not anyone could simply come and purchase items, one had to have a certain level of position! If one bought 1 million mixed elements worth of goods and simply did it 10 times, it was too good to be true. The virtual universe company and the huge axe dojo along with the other leviathans would never allow such a loophole, their audits were extremely strict.

The moment there was any corruption, the consequences were severe.

“Long Jue emperor, we’ve known each other over the past 10,000 eras, I seriously need to create this weapon, how about this way… 15% commission will belong to you. As for how to split this with the other 4 members, that’s up to you.” The black robed bald old man’s eyes were almost like space itself, he spoke softly.

“Wait awhile.”

Long Jue emperor frowned as he muttered within, “Who’d send me 10 straight messages?”

He sent part of his consciousness into the virtual universe network and entered his palace on Thunder island.

Standing within, he gently tapped the space and a screen appeared, he opened the mail within, “Long Jue Emperor, save me, there’s an undying assassin here brought by an internal member.”

Hu!

He was totally shocked.

“Luo Feng, attacked?” Long Jue once again opened the screen and immediately adjusted his Wu Long starfield map, sending out an alarm to the security system, “There’s someone being attacked in Wu Long Starfield, hurry and check it out!” No matter what he first had to find the exact location before sending anyone, as the system used white dots and red dots to distinguish between internal members and outsiders.

However there were many people choosing goods within, it was hard to tell which was Luo Feng, he could only tell from where there was a battle!

Di! Di! Di!

The security system scanned all the observation points within the starfield.

“There’s been no battle.” The system replied.

Long Jue Emperor was stunned, however he immediately understood, ordering, “Have there been any points compromised?”

“Observation point b2446——56453——13202——96233 has malfunctioned, 36 seconds ago b2446—56 has already headed there to check and do maintenance.” The system replied, this entire process was extremely slow, Luo Feng sent the messages earlier after the battle had only been going on for 4 seconds.

However as Long Jue Emperor slowly moved and opened the mail before waiting for the replies from the system etc, 32 seconds had passed.

“Right here! There’s an attack here in this observation point region.” Long Jue emperor shouted.

“Contacting the 2 guides.” The security system automatically reacted.

“I’m allowing you to immediately send someone.” Long Jue Emperor said anxiously.

“Long Jue Emperor, your authority isn’t enough, the system has to follow the regulated procedures.” The system continued to try connecting to the 2 guides in the region, over and over…a total of 20 seconds, to no avail. Only then did it send an order to a knight.

This was an AI!

Even if it was a living AI, like Babata the moment the master gave an order…it had to stick completely to the set regulations within, it couldn’t go against it.

This security system of Wu Long star field was exactly like that, as some requests and orders were set by all 5 managers, hence it had to comply.

Without rules, it would be a mess.

Armies had their rules.

This system too naturally had some fixed rules, it may seem stiff, but without them it would result in chaos and even greater losses. And these stiff regulations, even if there were losses from it, it would be within their ability to withstand them.

“It would take about 90 seconds for a knight to get there. Luo Feng, hope you can survive, if you die…that undying wouldn’t be able to flee, even if he teleported through his god country, the ripples left behind by his god country, at least within 60 seconds, with a knight’s ability, he would be able to track its coordinates, he’ll definitely take revenge for you.” Long Jue emperor thought, “It’ll depend on how long you can last.”

…

Wu Long Starfield.

The undying surrounded by endless flames turned to look at Kasey beside him.

“Undying, you have 80 seconds, you have to kill Luo Feng within 80 seconds. Otherwise one of humanity’s absolute warriors will get here.” Kasey’s eyes gleamed with madness, simultaneously communicating via his world energy.

“You can die now.”

A low voice resounded in Kasey’s mind.

Rumble!

Kasey was immediately swallowed by origin law flames and reduced to ashes, this undying hiding within his internal world was considered his final trump card, the moment it was used…it meant that the bug clan would definitely not let Kasey survive, in case humanity discovers how they invaded and stayed hidden within. “Human!” The flaming undying stood there and turned to Luo Feng, his endless god pressure expanding, Luo Feng couldn’t move.

“You can die too!”

Rumble…

Endless flames erupted and almost like a dragon formed from flames, the surrounding 10,000 km region lit up in flames and rushed at Luo Feng!


Chapter 682: Golden Horned Beast vs Undying

This flame was one infused with origin laws, only a true flame undying that had fully comprehended the flame laws could produce such a level of flame so easily, the domain it spread over…was on a godly level, a true law domain! Even though it wasn’t a true god country, it was still much stronger than a sector lord pinnacle’s world projection.

In an undying fight, some were ground gods, some controlled fire, some the land, these were all the law domains, gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, thunder, light, the 8 laws had different levels, naturally their domains were different too.

Hence in an undying fight, they normally didn’t use the law domains.

However!

If an undying was trying to kill a sector lord or domain lord etc, they could use it to bully their opponent. This was the law domain that one only got after fully comprehending a law.

Howl…

A howl tore through the space and resounded.

A mountain like enormous beast that was covered in black scales, the pinnacle of space beasts Golden horned beast appeared before Luo Feng, as it appeared, its body length strength over 200 km, it was still shrinking as it appeared.

Crackle…it’s density kept increasing as it shrank, its scales shrank and its bones and muscles grew more dense, the 5 horns on its head shrank too.

In an instant.

It became a 100 km long space beast!

Deities of the world level 2, small progress, its body length had shrunk 5 times while its density had exploded over 100 times… raising its battle ability to 5 times!

Deities of the world, if he makes great progress in the 2nd level, his strength could be increased by 9 times, the 3rd level allowed his strength to rise 36 times. However this technique was easiest when the golden horned beast was small, as it got stronger, it got harder to train.

Many golden horned beasts only finish the 1st level throughout their entire lives.

Very few actually made great progress in the 2nd level.

As for the 3rd level? It was just a legend.

Luo Feng’s golden horned beast was already sector lord level 6, it was extremely hard to improve in deities of the world, and the requirements were extremely harsh, even now, Luo Feng had no way around it.

…

“Golden horned beast?” The flame undying was shocked as he saw the huge beast, “What powerful energy, it should be a sector lord pinnacle beast, and the golden horned beast of that level is supposed to be over 1,000 km long, this one however has used some sort of shrinking technique.”

“A human actually has a golden horned beast to protect it, who knows whether he’s controlled the soul of this beast or it was a gift from his teacher True Yan Emperor.” The undying was pondering.

“No matter!”

“Even a sector lord pinnacle golden horned beast will die!” The flame undying’s eyes lit up and burned with flames.

Rumble!

The flame laws became a huge fire dragon rushing at the golden horned beast.

Against the endless flames, the golden horned beast let out a fierce howl.

Rumble…

The surrounding over 10,000 km in area warped and became an endless mountain range world, powerful world projection…it immediately clashed against the burning flames, the mountains that hit first were immediately burnt to ashes, however the world projection continued to form.

The flames continued to burn!

The world kept forming!

As such, it became a stalemate!

“How can he have such powerful world projection?” The undying’s expression changed, “It’s actually comparable to the law domain, I’ve long heard of the powerful swallowing beast’s internal world and how vast it was, however…this one is simply absurd!”

World projection, it depended on how powerful one’s internal world was.

Under normal circumstances.

The moment law domain was unleashed, the world projection of a sector lord would instantly crumble without any ability to withstand it.

And for it to be comparable to the law domain, it was simply an impossible scenario.

A human sector lord pinnacle’s internal world only had a diameter of 10,000 km, Luo feng’s however was over 60 million km! Much bigger than even true golden horned beast’s worlds! Normally, sector lord pinnacle golden horned beasts only had world’s with diameters about 30 million km…

Unleashing world projection, they could barely withstand law domain.

They may be disadvantaged but they could withstand it.

At this time!

Luo Feng’s world projection was in a stalemate with the law domain.

60 million km compared to 10,000 km, the difference was 6,000 times, it was like china’s entire territory compared to a small village, china’s projection compared to the village’s projection, the power difference was huge.

“Howl!” the beast howled.

Picking the hardest path naturally had its benefits.

At least, it’s incredibly huge internal world had an extremely powerful world projection, there was no need to fear an undying!

“It’s no use! Law domain is but an assisting skill, in an undying battle, we don’t even use this.” The undying roared too, instantly becoming a flaming beam of light and rushing towards the beast.

Howl!

The beast raised its head and howled.

The engravings on its 5 horns all lit up, its head, neck, back, 4 claws, scaled wings all lit up with engravings all over. It wasn’t just such, even its right claw began to undergo change, becoming thicker, its scales changed as they swiftly changed to gold.

Natural ability strengthening!

Blood river energy triggered!

The natural ability made it’s body grow in strength by an entire time, its physical strength, world energy etc!

With the blood river energy triggered, it’s entire body strength was condensed and its right claw’s strength rose by 11 times.

Deities of the world amplitude was 5 times, natural ability strengthen was 2 times.

Blood river energy amplitude was 11 times, the nameless manual had resulted in its strength already 3 times from before.

It’s terrifying right claw strength…was currently a shocking 330 times that of a normal sector lord level 6 golden horned beast without any natural abilities, and a normal sector lord level 6 beast was already no weaker than a human sector lord pinnacle warrior.

330 times amplitude!

And with its spirit energy amplitude at over 3,200 (32 times that of a normal human), and its strengthen ability doubling that, its world energy was now 64 times stronger!

However in comparison.

The beast’s strongest point was still its body!

Its world projection could match up to the law domain, hence it at least had the ability to put up a fight!

Howl…the beast roared madly, simultaneously welcoming the undying rushing over, it waved its powerful right claw and through its comprehension of the gold and space laws from studying the beast god’s howling picture, it followed the beast god presence comprehension that it had worked so hard on for over 180 years… unleashing it’s strongest attack!

Sky tearing claw!

Rumble…the space around it was instantly torn apart, layers of space were split, causing space tears all around.

“Even if you are a golden horned beast, you are only sector lord level, you actually dare block me, go and die!” A huge blade appeared in the flame undying’s hands, it burned with powerful flames and with a slash…the universe space was also torn apart, the seams and layers sliced open.

This move was infused with complete flame laws along with some space laws.

Its power was terrifying!

With undying energy backing this move, it was extremely powerful.

Rumble…

The gold claw clashed directly with the flaming blade. However against the right claw, the blade seemed as small as a toothpick.

…

330 times stronger than a normal sector lord pinnacle level strength, even though the world energy was far from its right claw’s power, it was infused within, its power was stronger from that. And with its 10 times amplitude from its comprehension of the beast god howling picture, this terrifying claw attack…

Was the golden horned beast’s strongest move!

And even though that flame undying was a very normal undying, he was still an undying, he’s strength was countless times stronger than a sector lord. A sector lord pinnacle golden horned beast, only very few exceptional ones were comparable to a normal undying, many still choose to flee.

Rumble!

The huge golden horned beast and the flame undying were knocked far apart, the powerful clash caused space around them to tear open, its powerful ripples seeped in through the tears into space itself.

“330 times the strength of a normal sector lord pinnacle, and with the howling beast god picture amplitude, and my law comprehension raised 10 times…plus that little bit of the beast god presence, I actually, actually still cannot defeat a normal undying.” Luo Feng was shocked by the difference between a sector lord and undying.

“I, am an undying, I actually cannot defeat a sector lord level golden horned beast?” The flame undying was shocked too.

After which…

Howl, the beast once against rushed.

“Kill!” The flame undying began to grow mad too.

Fierce battle.

The scales on the beast were torn apart as gold blood spewed everywhere.

Waving its right claw, the black armor on the undying was slashed open too, its scales flying everywhere, his layer of red fur was slashed apart, his muscles torn, his gold blood flying about.

Rumble! The beast was knocked hard into the endless bug corpses.

Rumble! The undying too was knocked hard into another pile of corpses.

It was a tough even battle.

One had a 60 million km diameter internal world, with training in the nameless manual along with 100 absorbed blood river crystals, along with other special encounters.

The other was a normal flame undying.

1, had completely comprehended the flame laws and some of the space laws.

1 had comprehended a good half of the gold laws and a part of the space laws, along with the beast god presence, and the howling beast god picture raising its amplitude to 10 times.

Rumble! Rumble!

A golden horned beast and a flame undying, battling within the endless bug corpses, almost every second they would exchange over 100s to 1,000s of blows, fast as lightning, the scales of the beasts were torn apart while the skin and muscles of the flame undying were torn apart too, gold blood spewed in all directions.

“The battle has already lasted 50 seconds.” The undying was boiling with rage, “Kasey had said I have to kill Luo Feng in 80 seconds.

This human is protected by the Golden horned beast within its internal world, if I don’t kill it, I can’t kill him.”

“There’s no time!”

The flame undying, as a soul controlled slave was willing to do everything at any price to fulfill his master’s orders.

Xiu!

He rushed again at the beast, the beast roared as it raised its powerful gold right claw again, as the 2 clashed…

“Arghhh…” The undying’s expression was struggling, his red fur shook as he howled, his eyes filled with madness, “Go and die golden horned beast, explode! Explode! Explode! Explode! Explode!”

Rumble…

The space about crumbled as he instantly became a terrifying super fire ball, almost like a new star that was about to explode!

God, self destruct!

The final move!

Complete the mission at all costs!


Chapter 683: Luo Feng’s Battle Strategy

“Self destruct, this is definitely an undying under soul control!” Luo Feng was shocked.

Howl…

The golden horned beast let out a painful howl, with no time at all to dodge, the self destruct power of an undying was terrifying. To train to undying level was extremely difficult, the true power an undying held was no less than a star, this self destruct was an instant explosion of his trillions of years undying energy!

He already chose to self destruct, why would he leave any undying energy behind?

Plus this was a flame undying.

Rumble…Hotter than even the law flames by hundreds to thousands of times, even the space about was instantly reduced to particles, the supernova like explosion had power on an unbelievable level, and the super close by golden horned beast was the first to receive this attack.

It’s gold right claw was the hardest point on its body.

Its strength was raised by 330 times, actually the other parts of its body were only raised by 30 times, and the right claw was only about 10,000 times that of a normal right claw, hence on average it evened out to 330 times. Raising the right claw by that much…it was harder than even most Undying weapons.

And the particle stream formed from this explosion melted even space itself, yet the right claw managed to withstand it.

Chi chi chi…

Howl…The beast let out a painful howl.

The areas closest to its gold right claw its neck and stomach regions were all attacked, the black scales there were instantly bright red before turning to ash, chi chichi…the thick powerful intertwining muscles, muscles that had strength to tear through space itself, however the explosion had burnt a large portion of this muscles into ash instantly.

Its internal organs were instantly turned to ash too!

Its gold bones were obviously much stronger than its muscles and scales, it had darkened quite a bit from its original gold.

The particle stream caused from the explosion rippled in all directions!

The beast was but in one of those directions, they were surrounded by the large amount of sector lord pinnacle bug corpses in other directions, these were after all sector lord pinnacle corpses with extremely sturdy scales. Even using an e9 grade laser gun, it would still be hard to pierce through its shell, this was mostly because they were dead without any energy infused within its shell.

A true sector lord bug warrior had extremely strong defense!

Even though its body was much weaker, it still shouldn’t be underestimated.

Hence the explosion which was originally capable of spreading over tens of millions of km in area, surrounded by the endless sector lord pinnacle bug corpses, the extremely hot particle flow instantly melted through large amounts of the corpses, continuing to flow out and reducing a large amount of them to ash.

The explosion rippled over 10,000 km in area.

The sector lord pinnacle bug corpses within a 100 km area were reduced to ash, above that up to 10,000 km, some had flaked while others were simply knocked away, without much damage.

Afterall!

After layers and layers of sector lord pinnacle bug corpses withstanding the attack, even an undying’s self destruct, it could only pass through that many layers.

…

However, the golden horned beast with a body length of 100 km took the greatest ripples of the attack.

The strongest peak of the explosion was at 0.01 seconds, and the particle stream that burst out immediately decreases in power swiftly as it flows, even the crumbled space about was regenerating. One could see…under the effects of the weaker flames, the mountain like beast floated in space, at this time…it was almost like a skeleton golden horned beast.

Of its entire body, only its right claw, tail and scaled wings at the side were still covered in scales, its main body portion was left with dark bones, even its head was left with its skull and 5 horns.

“Too terrifying.”

“The power was actually beyond what the beast could withstand, its nothing but a skeleton now.” Luo Feng thought.

At the same time…

Sou!

The skeleton golden horned beast continued to swiftly fly in the distance, about 80k km away from its body, there was a torn up cloud contact vine fragment, however within it were several vines wrapping a few km of room, an entire unit of bug clan corpses!

At the core of the vines…was one bug clan shell!

Shua!

It instantly became Luo Feng, his earth body.

Sou! Luo Feng swiftly headed towards the skeletal golden horned beast, when the 2 got close, the beast vanished straight into his internal world.

Right.

Luo Feng’s true life core wasn’t within the golden horned beast, before…when he discovered assassin agent 6 Kasey earlier, he had wanted to use this to test himself, however he was clear…that an assassin able to hide within Wu Long starfield, such an important place, would definitely have terrifying trump cards.

He didn’t want to play with fire and lose his life, hence the 1st thing he thought about while planning was…

What would happen if he couldn’t win?

Before even considering victory, he planned for failure!

Hence…

When he sent out the cloud contact vine, allowing those 216 vines to extend over 10k km, he had long made the mosha clansman take the form of a leaf within the vines, and placing the core within its body.

Also!

When the vines extended over 10,000 km, it had one more motive, that was to place the mosha leaf over 10,000 km away from the battle, hiding the leaves among sector lord level bug corpses, as it entered the group of corpses, the leaf immediately became a shell of the bug clan.

Mixed within the corpses, it wasn’t noticeable at all.

And when the undying appeared after, causing large amounts of the vine to instantly explode and fly in all directions, the flame undying then…how could he have thought about the bug corpses over 10,000 km away, and after all there were endless corpses all about, he didn’t even suspect anything.

After which!

When Luo Feng used his world projection, expanding over 10,000 km, simultaneously showing the golden horned beast body, Luo Feng’s earth body entered his internal world!

…

The golden horned beast vs the flame undying, it was the chance for him to test his true battle abilities.

If he succeeded, that would definitely be a happy thing.

If he failed, the golden horned beast would self destruct!

It was simply losing one body, no big deal, using some world energy, he could easily replace that body in his internal world! As for the blood river energy within its right claw…if he could retrieve the remains of the right claw after, that would be a good thing, he could easily absorb it into the new body.

If the opponent took the remains of the right claw away…at most he could just absorb another 100 new blood river crystals into the new body.

…

“Whether I succeeded or failed, I would suffer no true losses. And things really took a turn for the worst and an incredibly powerful enemy presented himself. If the golden horned beast died, I will toss my earth body out and throw some items out of my space ring, making it seem like my internal world collapse, then I’ll let him kill my earth body. Allowing him to think that he truly killed me.” Luo Feng thought.

That was the worst case scenario.

To force the golden horned beast to self destruct, only Luo Feng would pick such an opponent, no matter what, the mosha had transformed into a bug shell and was hidden amidst endless bug corpses…

Under any circumstance, he had already devised backups, using all 3 bodies and an incredibly huge world projection, he had many ways around it.

“Damn!”

“The power of the flame undying’s explosion sure is strong.” Luo Feng looked about, it was empty, in the distance he could see burnt bug corpse remains, the law flames from before and the self destruct explosion, had destroyed at least 1,000 units around him, the main thing was the bodies were too densely clustered without the energies from when they were living.

“The losses are that huge?”

“Close to 1,000 bug corpses units, all sector lord pinnacle.” Luo Feng gazed about, “When Wu Long Starfield realizes they’ve lost close to 10 million mixed elements they’d be mad.”

“Hm?” Luo Feng thought within.

He immediately flashed!

He immediately flew several hundred km away and expanded his internal world out, immediately sucking in 300 units of sector lord bug corpses in.

“Hmph!”

“Since they’ve already lost close to 1,000 units of bug corpses, they shouldn’t be able to discover these 300 extra missing.” Luo Feng muttered within, he was happy, 300 units, buying them would require 3 million mixed elements, and he simply just took them like that. Even though he had to use quite a bit of world energy to regenerate the golden horned beast, that little bit of energy was only worth a few mixed elements.

These 300 bug corpses units, was the true benefit from being attacked.

However, he didn’t dare take too much.

That would be too easy to be discovered.

“I’ll take it as compensation, if I didn’t have the golden horned beast body, I’d really be dead. This Wu Long starfield’s response system is seriously too lousy, I requested for help from Long Jue Emperor and yet up till now no one has shown up.” Luo Feng stood in space, not doing anything, just patiently waiting.

His battle with the flame undying was 50 seconds.

The self destruct explosion wasn’t even 0.01 seconds.

The golden horned beast returned to the internal world, about 0.1 seconds.

After which…

Luo Feng looked about and thought of taking that extra 300 units of bug corpses, putting them in his internal world, that took about 1 second.

…

It may seem slow but everything happened really quickly. At that level, Luo Feng’s consciousness and reaction speed were comparable to a quantum computer, his movement speed was also extremely fast, reaching over 10,000 km per second.

After finishing everything, he put on the persona of a victim, patiently waiting in space.

“I’m a victim.” Luo Feng muttered to himself.


Chapter 684: No Evidence

Wu Long Starfield, the place where remains of corpses, weapons and weapons etc were sorted out well from the outer region wars, lined up organized within space itself. Only the tens of thousands of km area that had just gone through an undying level of catastrophe was in a mess, the organized corpses of the sector lord bugs were strewn about.

A few tens of thousands of km away from Luo Feng, where the round metal observation device was situated, a silhouette appeared.

He was about 10m tall, dressed in a complex peculiar armor that was black and purple, mysterious engravings covered the entire armor, causing it to emanate energy that shook even the space about, the boots he wore…it felt like an endless mountain.

Standing in space, he dominated that area!

“Hm?” He glanced at the broken ball beside him, before gazing in Luo Feng’s direction, muttering, “Energy ripples, it’s a flame undying.”

Sou!

Luo Feng who was standing in space looked shocked at the great being that suddenly appeared before him, Luo Feng looked up at him…seeing his dark red eyes behind his peculiar helmet, his soul shuddered within, he couldn’t help but bow respectfully, “Greetings knight!”

After his experience in Primal chaos city, and seeing a few emperor level undyings, he had no doubt that this being that made his soul shudder this way was definitely a knight level being.

“You are Luo Feng?” His voice rumbled in space and within Luo Feng’s consciousness.

“Yes.” Luo Feng replied.

“What happened here, say everything in detail.” The knight looked at the little punk before him, the security system on Wu Long starfield had given him some information and made him leave immediately, it also gave him Luo Feng and the other 3 internal members’ information.

“Yes knight.” Luo Feng said respectfully, “I was here to buy bug corpses, the 2 guides and I were inspecting the conditions on the different units, however just now…we coincidentally met with another internal member, he was in a white robes too, he was called Kasey. The 2 guides that brought me recognized him.”

“It is extremely rare to bump into another member within the starfield, hence the 2 guides were very happy to meet and chat with him.”

“However!”

“At this time, my AI informed me that it felt surveillance signal in this area vanish.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, saying solemnly, “And at this time, Kasey suddenly attacked without any provocation, without any defense at such close distance, my 2 guides were instantly killed.”

The knight gazed at Luo Feng and listened silently.

Luo Feng was nervous within.

He was very clear he needed to be extremely careful in answering, in Wu Long starfield, such a important location of humanity, the knights about ensured that no one could easily flout the rules of the starfield.

“After which, Kasey attacked me.” Luo Feng emphasized, “However since I’ve reached domain lord level and placed outside by the virtual universe company, I knew that I would occasionally encounter danger, naturally I have some trump cards. Within my internal world I bring 10 sector lords as guards and I immediately summoned them back then, also allowing my plant life form cloud contact vine to assist them, dealing with Kasey…”

“It seemed like an easy task to kill him, however!”

“Before he died, he brought out a flame undying from his internal world.” Luo Feng said, “I didn’t expect that he’d actually have a flame undying within…this was simply too terrifying!”

The knight listened silently.

“The moment the flame undying appeared, the 1st thing he did was to kill Kasey, it made me extremely shocked.” Luo Feng said, “After killing him, he made a move to kill my 10 sector lord guards, however, he didn’t know… that within my 10 guards, 1 of which was my soul slave, and within his internal world, it held one of my trump cards…

Luo Feng was very clear…

That flame undying’s self destruct would create ripples that left behind traces, it definitely couldn’t be hidden from the knight, even a normal undying would be able to discern it.

How did he actually escape this?

He needed a solid alibi, however it had to be reliable, otherwise, he’d be in trouble.

“Fire god origin crystal?” The knight’s voice exploded within Luo Feng’s mind.

“Yes.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

The fire god origin crystal was a technological weapon of the automaton race, as the entire universe’s most technologically advanced place, the automaton race was able to create weapons that could kill undyings, however these weapons were extremely pricey, especially those able to be used over and over, their prices were absurd.

F grade laser gun?

It was said it’s price was over a hundred million mixed units, even emperor level undyings couldn’t necessarily afford it.

Other than these laser gun type single held weapons, there were other bigger weapons like Space fort, God Sacred land, those were terrifying weapons that used in the outer region wars, even emperor level undyings, with their entire fortune, couldn’t afford it. Naturally amongst the undying killing weapons, there were still some cheaper ones.

Those that were for one time usage.

Like the Fire god origin crystal, flame, as the easiest explosive energy, the crystal was one of the easier undying killing weapons to purchase. It was a crystal infused with a large amount of flame undying energy within, an explosive device that made all its energy instantly explode. Similar to a flame undying’s self destruct.

The theory was simple but the technology behind it was extremely high, after all to compress such shocking amounts of flame undying energy into an undying crystal, and condense it even more tens of millions of times to an origin crystal, the technology was absurd.

Version 1,129 type flame god origin crystal, it was more of a low level crystal, it’s strength was only akin to a normal flame undying’s self destruct.

As a 1 time usage item, if one had a pathway to buy it, it’s price was around 1 million to 1.5 million mixed elements.

“My soul controlled slave used the flame god origin crystal, instantly exploding…as I fled the moment my 10 sector lord guards were dealing with the undying…when that crystal exploded, I was already tens of thousands of km away.” Luo Feng said respectfully, “The explosion caused the undying to die as well, but I managed to escape.”

…

To protect the secret of his golden horned beast, Luo Feng relied on his world projection to instantly collect all of the beast’s broken scales and flesh into his internal world.

After careful consideration.

He crafted an alibi, using the flame god origin crystal to explain everything, using his controlled sector lord slave to trigger the move.

…

Luo Feng stood respectfully there, awaiting the knight’s reply.

“Hm.” The night nodded finally, “I will record everything you said and send it to the security system of Wu Long starfield. As for you… the other 5 emperor level undyings will make a decision after discussing.”

At this time…

There were ripples in the distant space, in an instant, a universe ship appeared.

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, it was Long Jue emperor’s ship.

Hua!

The cabin door opened, Long Jue Emperor and Dylan became beams of lights as they instantly appeared.

“Knight.” Long Jue emperor bowed respectfully.

Dylan bowed too.

“The matter here will be left to you 5 to settle, as for Luo Feng’s explanation and my deduction, it’s already been passed to the AI of Wu Long starfield.” The knight said coldly, after which he vanished and instantly teleported from their vision.

In space, Luo Feng stood there with Long Jue emperor and Dylan.

“Your majesty, are you fine?” Dylan asked, he seemed self reprimanding within, “The grandmaster left you to my protection, however…”

“Dylan, this isn’t your fault.” Luo Feng shook his head.

Long Jue emperor said, “It’s not Dylan or Luo Feng’s fault, it’s a problem in our Wu Long starfield’s internal division, it looks like there’s some spies of other races mixed in.” Normally whenever any absolute genius of humanity was attacked, most would say it was done by spies of the other races, actually there were some times when these geniuses were killed by other humans with grudges etc.

However as long as it wasn’t thoroughly investigated, it would normally be pushed to other races.

“Who made the move?” Long Jue emperor looked at Luo Feng.

“Wu Long starfield internal member Kasey.” Luo Feng said.

“Hm.” Long Jue emperor nodded, looking about, his formless undying energy expanding out, with a scan of some of the broken bug corpses and surroundings, “There’s quite a bit of cloud contact vine remains…”

“It’s my supporting plant life form.” Luo Feng said.

“The losses this time are not small at all.”

Long Jue emperor frowned, “We actually lost over 1,000 sector lord bug corpses units, hm, if this battle had happened in the domain lord level corpses area, the losses would be much less. Losing over 1,000 units, this will be troublesome.”

“Troublesome?” Luo Feng looked at him.

“Hm.”

Long Jue Emperor looked at Luo Feng, nodding, “Right, even though you informed me that someone tried to kill you, however…the 2 guides and the killer Kasey, are all dead! And since that’s so, there’s no evidence! If 1 was still alive, we can search his soul properly for evidence, now there’s nothing left though…if the loss to Wu Long Starfield was small, not 1 million mixed elements, I can easily settle it myself. However since it’s all 5 managers handing it. And there’s no evidence, Luo Feng, you may have some trouble.”


Chapter 685: Yan Zhu Emperor

“His majesty was attacked within Wu Long Starfield and its internal management was useless.” Dylan raged, “It’s already lucky that he managed to survive, now there’s trouble? What trouble?”

“Dylan.”

Long Jue Emperor frowned.

“Long Jue isn’t too blame.” Dylan slightly bowed before getting up, emphasizing, “But the grandmaster arranged for me to protect his majesty, and I trusted Wu Long Starfield’s security, hence I didn’t follow him. However…I only left him for such a short time and he was attacked! The grandmaster had entrusted him to me and yet I failed…”

Long Jue Emperor shook his head, “I’m from the virtual universe company too, naturally I lean towards Luo Feng. However, this is something all 5 managers will decide. Our matters here are highly regulated. A few deals with problems etc, everything is settled by us 5. Only when there are huge matters will the powerful knights have to step in.”

Luo Feng and Dylan nodded.

“I’m leaning towards you 2, however the other 4 are from the other leviathans…they may not trust you, the 5 leviathans are after all still competing with each other despite working together.” Long Jue emperor, “Please wait a while, the other 4 will immediately be here. Right, amongst the 4 coming, you should be most careful of Yan Zhu emperor.”

“Yan Zhu emperor?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“Hm, Yan Zhu emperor is from the huge axe dojo, plus his background is terrifying, hence he managed to become a manager, among us 5, he is the most brutal one, I and the other 4 tend to avoid him.” Long Jue Emperor said solemnly, “Hence don’t ever mess with him, otherwise there’d be trouble.

Luo Feng nodded and remembered the name.

Yan Zhu Emperor?

…

Luo Feng and the other 2 chatted in space, tens of thousands of km away the space rippled and a few ships appeared, not even half a minute between their appearances. 4 ships appeared, all top leveled ships, after they all gathered, their cabin doors opened.

Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua!

With the doors opened, large amounts of silhouettes flew out, a total of 100, half of them undyings.

Wu Long starfield forbade any undyings from entering, however under special circumstances, it was possible.

“What’s going on?”

“Look here at this mess.”

The 4 managers led their armies over, flying most ahead was a handsome man in an exquisite white robe, this was an extremely dashing and handsome man, not only would women be enticed by him, even men would be moved by his looks, his beauty had reached an extraordinary level.

He had long silver hair, his skin crystal like, almost like the bug clan queen Alina.

His features were perfect.

On his forehead was a dark mysterious engraving, plus his ancient energies, it made others not be able but fall for him.

Such an absolute handsome man, standing there, the other 3 seemed like background figures.

“Follow me.” Long Jue emperor communicated to Luo Feng and Dylan.

The 3 went to welcome them.

The 4 managers led their armies and stopped in space, the group gathered silently there.

“Luo Feng, let me introduce you.” Long Jue emperor smiled, pointing at the curly haired and green skinned skinny man, “This is the universe 1st bank’s Da Nian emperor.”

“Da Nian Emperor.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

“Luo Feng this was our Wu Long starfield’s internal department’s inefficiency, please be forgiving.” Da Nian emperor smiled back.

Long Jue emperor laughed loudly, “Luckily Luo Feng is fine. Luo Feng, this is from the universe galaxy bank, Ceng Yu emperor.” This was a humanoid with 4 arms and 4 eyes, his formless energy was ice cold, he only nodded at Luo Feng.

“This is Yin Ge emperor from the universe mercenary alliance.” Long Jue emperor said.

Luo Feng looked at Yin Ge emperor, he looked very alike earth humans, only he had more body hair, his eyes were like blades as he smiled at Luo feng and nodded.

“As for this…this is the legendary absolute genius, the one who became an official level emperor the moment he broke through to undying, he…is Yan Zhu emperor!” Long Jue emperor’s voice was louder than before, obviously he was more passionate in introducing Yan Zhu emperor.

“Yan Zhu emperor.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

My god.

How could there be such an absolutely perfect man, he was the most perfect out of all the men and women Luo feng had ever seen! Even Fantasy spirit emperor had her charm, and the bug clan queen, that level of life form, they couldn’t compare to his man before him, the engraving on his forehead gave off an ancient energy that made others want to get closer to him.

He extended his white jade like finger and rubbed his chin, gazing at Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, True Yan’s disciple? I’ve heard of him.”

Luo Feng listened respectfully.

“No one knows exactly what happened here.” Yan Zhu emperor’s voice was gentle, it swayed the hearts of people, “I’ve seen the report of what the knight before had submitted to the system, we can only confirm…that the final blow was from a flame undying’s explosion!”

“But what exactly is the truth?”

Yan Zhu emperor shook his head, “The 3 internal members are all dead.”

Luo Feng felt a knot in his heart.

“Yan Zhu emperor.” Long Jue emperor laughed loudly, “The matter is simple, Luo Feng is an absolute genius of our virtual universe company, he’s one of the top ten to be assassinated amongst the other clans. This assassination…for him to survive, at least I can answer to the upper echelon of the company.”

Yan Zhu emperor glanced at him, “Long Jue emperor, we don’t answer to only the virtual universe company, but to all 5 leviathans!”

“This matter has 3 dead internal members!”

Yan Zhu emperor’s eyes gleamed coldly as he pointed at Luo Feng, “Luo Feng said it was the internal member that tried to kill him, however all 3 are dead without any evidence. This could totally be constructed by him!”

“He said others tried to assassinate him!”

“However!”

“Maybe he had long planned to instantly kill 3 members and take away large amounts of units of the sector lord bug corpses!” Yan Zhu smiled coldly, “It’s a huge sum worth over 10 million mixed elements, enough to make a domain lord take the risk, and he’s using his absolute genius identity as protection, naturally thinking there would be no losses.”

Luo Feng’s expression changed.

“Yan Zhu emperor.” Luo Feng spoke.

“Shut up, I’m speaking with Long Jue emperor, don’t speak when I don’t allow you to.” Yan Zhu emperor frowned, glancing at Luo Feng with disdain.

Luo Feng stood there, raging within, however he remained calm and didn’t say anything.

“Yan Zhu emperor, “Long Jue emperor frowned, “There’s no need…”

“There is!”

He said seriously, “This matter is very serious, firstly our Wu Long starfield has lost over 10 million in mixed elements, and it involves an assassination plot, and the final explosion…had power akin to a normal flame undying. No matter, we have to investigate it thoroughly!”

“Whether if there’s a loophole or spy within our Wu Long starfield, or Luo Feng coming up with this entire ploy, we have to know the truth!” Yan Zhu emperor looked at the other managers, “Everybody speak.”

Da Nian Emperor, Ceng Yu emperor, Yin Ge emperor, everyone exchanged glances.

“Yan Zhu is right, this matter is very serious and we have to investigate well.” Da Nian emperor nodded.

“Hm.” Ceng Yu nodded.

“We cannot let Luo Feng be maligned too.” Yin Ge said indifferently.

“But of course!”

Yan Zhu nodded, turning to Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, I’ll question you now.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng replied respectfully.

Beside him however Long Jue emperor looked worried, communicating to Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, don’t mess with this Yan Zhu emperor, as much as possible just look down and bear with it.” Dylan too communicated to him anxiously, “Your majesty, I’m currently informing the grandmaster of this incident, once he shows himself, this matter will definitely be solved.”

Hearing Dylan and Long Jue’s emperor’s words, Luo Feng felt more steady within.

“Let me ask you.” Yan Zhu emperor looked at Luo Feng, “Was what you said with the knight before all true?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng said.

“Do you dare release your soul’s protection, without resistance, and let me search to see the truth? You can relax, I will definitely not harm you soul at all.” Yan Zhu emperor continued.

“No.”

Luo Feng frowned and said respectfully, “Searching one’s soul means one has to completely release all protection, allowing others to dig deep and search, the moment he’s not careful, memories may be destroyed. And once one loses his memories, he’ll become an idiot and his soul may crumble and die!”

“Do you not trust my ability?” Yan Zhu looked at him.

“Yan Zhu emperor.” Luo Feng said, “It’s not that I don’t trust you, but I do not dare gamble like that, I Luo Feng…do not like placing my fate in other people’s hands.”

Even if Luo Feng didn’t have any secrets within, he wouldn’t dare do this, if Yan Zhu emperor had ulterior motives…slightly destroying something, making him become an idiot. After that Yan Zhu could easily say he was simply careless, even if he was punished, Luo Feng would be an idiot by then.

What’s more…

Luo Feng had many secrets within, he couldn’t let others search his soul.

“Yan Zhu emperor, everybody has their own secrets, no one would simply bare theirs open. What’s more, he’s a genius of our virtual universe network, how could we allow such a dangerous thing to happen?” Long Jue emperor frowned, “If it were those normal internal members it would be fine, but such a genius…one that humanity regards as a true treasure, no one would allow it.”

“Ok.”

Yan Zhu nodded coldly, “Since you cannot accept a soul search, then let me ask you, you told the knight before…you let your soul slave use the Flame god origin crystal to explode and kill that flame undying. Then let me ask you…where did you buy this flame god origin crystal? Does the universe 1st or galaxy bank have any records to prove it?”

“No proof.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“You can’t even show proof for this.” Yan Zhu looked at him, “Your words are all fabricated without any proof, how do you expect us 5 to believe you?”

Luo Feng frowned and said, “Yan Zhu emperor, one doesn’t necessarily need to buy a treasure to have it.”

“For example!”

Luo Feng flipped his hand and brandished the e9 laser gun.

“Can you check where I got this e9 laser gun?” Luo Feng looked at him, “Can you find any proof of purchase? No, I have no proof either, and you’ll never find any pathway of purchase, yet I still have it!”

Luo Feng flipped his hand again and took out the purple 100 net leaf!

“Yan Zhu emperor, do you have any proof of my purchase of this 100 purple net leaf, or transaction records?”

The leaf was priced at about 2 million mixed elements or so.

Flame god origin crystal, the low leveled one was priced about 1 million to 1.5 million mixed elements.

The e9 laser gun (0.1 second preparation, special level) priced at 0.5 – 1 million mixed elements.

“There’s no proof at all.”

“Yet I still have the 100 purple net leaf, the e9 laser gun.” Luo Feng looked at him, “Similarly, I had the flame god origin crystal!”


Chapter 686: Lock Up

Yan Zhu Emperor looked at the purple 100 net leaf and the e9 laser gun in Luo Feng’s hands and frowned, with his position, naturally these items didn’t mean much to him, however he was still shocked that a domain lord level 9 youth had such wealth and ability, spending money to buy things was impressive, not spending and acquiring these was something else.

“You sure know how to twist.” Yan Zhu emperor laughed softly, “I won’t bother you about the flame god origin crystal anymore, let me ask you, that soul slave sector lord you controlled, what’s his name, which universe country and starfield is he from.”

Luo Feng was shocked within.

Trouble.

This was a loophole.

“Back then I bought a large amount of universe level salves one of which was called Tai Wu.” Luo Feng’s consciousness speed was akin to an AI, instantly picking out a name from a slave from his universe level and domain lord level slaves, “His talent was exceptional, Yan Zhu emperor, you should know, back then I was only a star level 9, I had no way to force a universe level to be my slave. And this universe level slave didn’t resist at all, hence…”

Luo Feng had indeed bought many universe level slaves.

And many had died along multiple incidents, like the poison gas of the mother nest alone had killed a few.

In all, the things that happened long ago on earth, no matter how powerful one was, he wouldn’t be able to dig it up.

“This Tai Wu, as a slave, had no resources at all, his training methods were rough and yet he still reached universe level 9, later, I passed him a technique, and during the time I was in the virtual universe company, I gave him the best resources.” Luo Feng smiled, “Tai Wu very quickly reached domain lord level and as my soul slave I didn’t want to waste his time, making him go straight from domain lord level 1 to 9, after which, his luck was good and he actually broke through to sector lord level! I naturally used my resources to nurture him and bring him along, after all, using a soul slave to do many things is convenient.”

Yan Zhu emperor frowned.

Before this questioning, naturally he had checked up on Luo Feng as much as he could, however before the genius competition, Luo Feng was but a normal leader of earth, plus it was in the dark space, there was no information on it. And these low level slave transactions were naturally messy.

“Ah?” Yan Zhu looked at him, “That time, you already knew soul control techniques?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng replied respectfully.

“What techniques?” Yan Zhu continued, he had to get a lead, soul control techniques were rare and before Luo Feng was in the virtual universe company, just what techniques could he have?

“Soul imprint.” Luo Feng replied.

“What is that, is there such a thing?” Yan Zhu frowned.

Beside him Long Jue emperor smiled, “Yan Zhu emperor, your intel on Luo Feng should have shown that he is flying the Yun Mo Planet ship, that ship is the Yun Mo planet master Hu Yan Bo’s ship.” Even though there were many undyings in human territories, however any with a little reputation were easy to recall.

Undyings had extremely good memory.

“Luo Feng naturally acquired Hu Yan Bo’s inheritance.” Long Jue emperor smiled, “And Hu Yan Bo, had 9 great undyings as his slaves, many knew about this. Among his slaves, Iron Blade official even got on many people’s bad side. Hu Yan Bo’s technique which he used to control the 9 undying slaves was Soul imprint.”

Yan Zhu emperor frowned.

“You said back then you summoned 10 sector lord guards, 1 was your soul slave, the names and identity along with their backgrounds of the other 9, reveal them all.” Yan Zhu said.

“Yan Zhu emperor, what do you want to ask.” Luo Feng frowned.

“Didn’t you hear me? You only need to answer!” His eyes gleamed coldly.

Luo Feng said respectfully and bowed, “Yan Zhu Emperor, the other 9 were 9 gold horn race sector lords that followed me to protect me after I was invited into their community awhile back.”

“Gold horn race?” Yan Zhu emperor was boiling with rage.

Gold horn race, they were independent of humanity.

Even though they were subservient, however their management and nurture of later generations etc, humanity didn’t meddle in them, hence whatever happened in Laos world was impossible to check. “Everyone listen to the order.” Yan Zhu emperor turned to look at the over 100 underlings behind.

Over 100 white and purple robed underlings all awaited his orders.

“Check the surrounding traces of battle around carefully, any hint and clue, check it all.” He ordered.

“Yes.”

The white and purple robed underlings immediately separated and began to investigate the area.

“I’ll stop my questioning here, we’ll see from the remains of the battle.” Yan Zhu looked at Luo Feng and went silent.

Luo Feng kept silent.

Luo Feng looked at Long Jue emperor, communicating, “Long Jue emperor, does he have a grudge with me, why is he deliberately making things difficult?”

“He is making it difficult for you, as for the reason, I don’t know. I only know from his character that he may find trouble with you, however this is a bit beyond that.” Long Jue emperor replied, “Right, have you informed your teacher True Yan emperor of this?”

“Dylan told me he has, in awhile I’ll go see my teacher in the virtual universe.” Luo Feng communicated.

After which Luo Feng looked into the distant space.

Tens of thousands of km in area, the white and purple robed underlings flashed about, investigating everything.

Luo Feng and Dylan along with the 5 managers all looked on silently.

…

“Place a flame undying weapon shard and pretend it’s something suspicious you found.” Yan Zhu emperor instantly communicated to a distant purple robed undying searching for clues, that was a flame undying too, when he heard the order, he replied, “Yes Lord.”

…

After a while.

Over 100 white and purple robed underlings flew back, all with some items in their hands.

“Lord.” They all bowed respectfully.

“The surroundings should be filled with sector lord bug corpses, these are the items that weren’t.” Yan Zhu emperor pointed at several items, “Let’s seem these, ah, this is a weapon shard with flame law engravings, it’s obviously a commonly used weapon by flame undyings. What if it wasn’t the flame god origin crystal’s explosion but the attack of a flame undying? And these items, Luo Feng, how do you explain these? These aren’t sector lord bug corpses, obviously they were from somewhere else, can you explain all of them?”

Luo Feng frowned and said respectfully, “Yan Zhu emperor, there were many sector lords that were killed, when one dies, their internal world collapses and large amount of items fly out. How would I know where all these came from?”

“Hm?”

Yan Zhu emperor smiled coldly, “You sure know how to push things aside. From your words, does it mean everything that could be used as evidence can be explained as items from sector lord internal worlds crumbling?”

“From start to end, I see how you have been lying.”

“Everything you’ve said have been unable to be verified.”

“Guards, place Luo Feng in the 1st starfield hell.” He ordered, “There, he’ll have to answer everything!”

Beside him, Long Jue emperor and the others were all shocked.

1st starfield hell?

The strictest jails in humanity were the legendary 1st 9 and bottom 9 jail hells, the 1st 9 were the 1st to 9th hells, normal undyings knew about it. The bottom 9 were from the 10th-18th, many undyings didn’t know about it.

18 starfield hells, they were like the legendary 18 levels of hell.

The later it got, the more terrifying!

Even an emperor level undying, the moment he was placed in the 18th starfield hell, he probably couldn’t survive.

The 1st had the lowest risks, however in comparison…at least to Luo Feng, it was terrifying enough.

“Yan Zhu Emperor.” Luo Feng was raging.

“Shut up, you don’t have a right to speak.” Yan Zhu emperor retorted coldly.

“I came here to your Wu Long starfield to purchase goods, I got attacked, your attempt to save me was that slow, if it weren’t for my own trump cards, I’d long be dead.” Luo Feng didn’t care about his retorts anymore, raging, “I haven’t even questioned about your useless protection, and yet you go on over and over questioning me.”

“I’ve been answering all your questions and yet you find trouble.”

“Hmph.”

“You really think we of the virtual universe company are that easy to bully.” Luo Feng said coldly, “I will immediately tell my teacher True Yan emperor of everything, also the organizer of this era’s genius battle 9 blade knight, and lastly to the elder who had been good to me Tian Shi palace leader! I really want to see…just how far you of the huge axe dojo dare to treat me, a primal region member of the virtual universe company!”

Yan Zhu emperor’s face was immediately flushed.

The others around were shocked…

9 blade knight? Tian Shi palace leader?

They were all emperor level undyings, to be managers of Wu Long Starfield, they all had huge backgrounds, True Yan emperor wasn’t too much of a threat to them. 9 blade knight was different, and the Tian Shi palace leader was even more of a legend, even more terrifying than 9 blade knight.

“Tian Shi palace leader?” Yan Zhu was shocked within.

Even his backing wouldn’t dare mess with such a being.

Tian shi palace leader was the man that single handedly dominated the entire blood river world, more powerful than many universe country leaders. Blood river world was after all a terrible place where many of the virtual universe company’s warriors were killed, one could only imagine his power, even though it wasn’t like ancient times, it was still very powerful. For the leader to dominate over the entire world, his strength was already a well known legend.

“Hmph.”

“No matter what, Luo Feng is still suspicious, how can we let him go?” Yan Zhu ordered, “Guards take him to Drizzle palace and watch him well.”

“Yes.” The purple robed undying flew over.

Long Jue emperor and the others didn’t say anything.

This lockup was a simple house arrest, nothing serious.

“Yan Zhu emperor.” Luo Feng stared at him, “The people of the huge axe dojo sure know how to vent their anger, your useless management of the Wu Long starfield has resulted in me being attacked, and you still treat me this way. I will definitely let the upper management of the virtual universe company know, including 9 blade knight and Tian Shi palace leader.”

Hearing those names, Yan Zhu emperor’s eyes twitched.

“Take him away, lock him up.” He shouted.

Sou!

Luo Feng was grabbed by 2 undyings and brought into a purple universe ship, sent straight to a palace within Wu Long starfield, of which Luo Feng was locked in a small hall. As for Dylan…before beings such as Yan Zhu emperor, he had no way to resist.


Chapter 687: Shi Huo Knight

Drizzle palace, it was originally a hall for someone to train in, it slowly became a frequently used placed as a lockup, the entire drizzle palace was 100 m tall, it’s length and width was also several hundred meters, it was completely empty within.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged within.

“Your majesty, I’m outside.” Dylan’s undying energy passed through the halls as he communicated, “This matter, that Yan Zhu emperor is too much, he purely seeks to cause trouble for you. They have their own problems in their internal department and yet they find fault with you, don’t worry, it will be solved very quickly.”

“No problem.” Luo Feng sat crossed legged and smiled, “Just a small setback, it doesn’t mean anything.”

Suddenly Luo Feng looked down at his wrist communicator, he had received a call request.

“Hm? Teacher?” He immediately connected his consciousness to the virtual universe.

Virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain, Primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

A gold armored apeman True Yan emperor was sitting in the hall, Luo Feng suddenly appeared and flew straight in, bowing respectfully, “Greetings teacher.”

“Sit.” True Yan smiled and looked at him.

Luo Feng sat.

“I already know about your matter, and I’ve also checked through the records of Wu Long Starfield.” True Yan looked at Luo Feng, “Was whatever you told the knight true? That Kasey had indeed attacked you and there was a flame undying after that?”

“Yes.”

Luo Feng said respectfully, “As for what I told the knight, the core is true, some smaller details, I don’t wish to reveal.”

The core was indeed all facts.

Luo Feng’s story about defending against Kasey was that of the 10 sector lords, however he had relied on his own void pagoda soul defense! He relied on the golden horned beast to kill the undying, not the flame god origin crystal!

In all, the core was true.

Anything that involved the important secrets, he lied slightly.

“Hm.” True Yan nodded, not asking anymore, as an ancient being that had been around for trillions of years, he was very clear that any absolute genius that could survive in the vast universe all had their own special secrets. He was also very clear that this particular disciple of his had quite a few.

The demon note inheritance was one, and before that, he had already guessed…that Luo Feng had others.

However, everyone had their own secrets.

True Yan couldn’t possibly get everything out from his disciple, he just needed to confirm…that whatever he did, he didn’t go overboard. That way, he wouldn’t bother about everything else. “Since you say that this was an assassination attempt, then there’s no problem here.” True Yan smiled had a sense of pride, “No matter what, you are still a genius of the virtual universe company, no matter how tyrannical that Yan Zhu is, he doesn’t have the right to determine the fate of our members.”

Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief.

“Tell me your exact conversation with Yan Zhu.” True Yan said.

“Yes teacher.”

Luo Feng immediately repeated the entire story to him.

True Yan immediately laughed when he heard, “Haha, you sure know how to throw in names, throwing in 9 blade knight is good enough, after all when you become undying, you will become his underling. You even used Tian Shi palace’s leader’s name…hahaha, hearing his name, that Yan Zhu must have been very shocked.”

“Is the leader that powerful?” Luo Feng asked seriously, “Stronger than even 9 blade knight?”

“Tian Shi Palace leader, he rules over the that palace and dominates over blood river world for trillions of years.” True Yan’s eyes had a gleam of respect, “That is much stronger than any universe country leader or knight, he’s the true upper echelon of the virtual universe company. You were extremely lucky when he gave you some guidance back then.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

His teacher’s words confirmed that Tian Shi palace leader’s position was amazing.

“Right, teacher, why did that Yan Zhu emperor target me.” Luo Feng asked suspiciously, I’ve never seen him before.”

“It’s my fault.”

True Yan’s eyes had a glimpse of disdain, he mocked, “That Yan Zhu, in terms of comprehension, aptitude, talent, everything is actually average. If no one gave him guidance, if he trained on his own, even becoming a sector lord would have been extremely hard. However he has a very powerful father, a true genius of the huge axe dojo, he is also currently Shi Huo knight of the dojo.”

“Shi Huo Knight?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“Hm.”

True Yan exclaimed, “That is a true absolute genius, not even weaker than the Ke Di I mentioned before. Sector lord pinnacle, he could kill official level undyings, after he broke through…he immediately became an emperor level undying, and tens of thousands of years after, he became a knight.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

“Shi Huo knight only had 1 son, you could say he spent endless resources and energy.” True Yan exclaimed, “To make his son Yan Zhu stay in the sector lord level, making him take his time there and not breakthrough, he stayed there for a total of over 9 million years.”

Luo Feng was shocked, Long Jue emperor had said Yan Zhu was a genius before, becoming an official level undying straight after breaking through, however now after hearing this…he actually stayed in the sector lord level for over 9 million years.

Human sector lords only had life span of 1,000 eras.

“Terrifyingly valuable treasures, even treasures that knights would go mad for, Shi Huo knight didn’t even use them himself, he gave all of them to his son.” True Yan said.

“What?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Did you see the mysterious engraving on Yan Zhu’s forehead, that’s the mark of that treasure.” True Yan exclaimed.

Luo Feng immediately recalled his first meeting with Yan Zhu, seeing that mysterious engraving on his forehead…it had indeed given off an ancient energy.

“Endless resources and treasures, along with treasure that even knights would go mad for, they were all used on this sector lord back then.” True Yan exclaimed, “Just his body alone, it was raised to perfection from his father’s treasures. Hence he’s that beautiful, training for 9 million years at sector lord level along with countless treasures, how could he not be strong?”

“Becoming official pinnacle straight after breaking through, that’s completely average.”

True Yan shook his head, “Even normal undyings, with those treasures would immediately reach official pinnacle.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng was shocked.

From this…

That Yan Zhu wasn’t a genius at all.

“He simply had an absolute genius and incredibly powerful father.” True Yan mocked, “As for himself, he’s purely a petty spoilt brat that had been pampered too much by his father, he’s always jealous of true geniuses, that’s why back then when I rose up, he battled me. However I taught him a good lesson. I didn’t care about anything else.”

Luo Feng laughed.

“He kept losing when he challenged me. I couldn’t do anything about it, every time we fought, he would lose, hence we became enemies.” True Yan shook his head, “And with his petty character, it wouldn’t be strange if he sought trouble with you. 1, you are a genius too. 2, he hates me to the bone, however he can’t do anything to me, hence he would naturally take it out on the disciple I favor. I actually already saved him some humiliation, there were several losses that I didn’t even announce, mainly not to get on his father’s bad side. His father…is a true formidable person. Over a trillion years, yet his power is still unfathomable, his position in the huge axe dojo is extremely high.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Not even taking 10,000 years to become emperor level undying, tens of thousands of years to become a knight, over a trillion years… his power would definitely be even more shocking.

“No wonder he’s that tyrannical, no wonder Long Jue emperor and the others, all with their own backgrounds kept empowering him.” Luo Feng thought, “It’s purely because of his powerful father that forced him to emperor level, his father must have paid a hefty price. Not even using the treasure for himself but on his son.”

“You have to bear with this matter for now.” True Yan smiled, “No matter how strong that Shi Huo knight is…he is still from the huge axe dojo. If their people can so blatantly bully our virtual universe company people, our company will definitely not back down.”

Luo Feng nodded.

This involved exchanges between the 2 leviathans.

“No matter how unwilling that Yan Zhu is, he will still have to let you go.” True Yan said, “However you have to wait…until the upper echelon says so.”

Luo Feng understood that Yan Zhu emperor had Shi Huo knight behind him.

His teacher True Yan emperor was but a being close to becoming a knight, compared to that Shi Huo knight that had been in training for trillions of years, their positions were on completely different levels, this matter…his teacher’s appearance alone would probably not be enough. Afterall Yan Zhu hated True Yan to the bone, he definitely wouldn’t show him any respect.

…

Wu Long Starfield, within a majestic palace.

“True Yan’s disciple actually dared to act out before me!” The beautiful looking Yan Zhu’s face was twitching, his eyes burning with hate, recalling his many exchanges with True Yan before, True Yan was arrogant and aggressive not afraid of anything, Shi Huo knight’s son was still stepped on by him!

Yan Zhu Emperor must have had it bad back then.

After being humiliated, if True Yan didn’t think about Shi Huo knight, he would probably have just killed Yan Zhu back then.

“Hmph.”

“True Yan emperor?”

“I didn’t expect your disciple to be as arrogant as you, you 2 are completely alike. Never mind…your disciple has already been put on the list here, even if he escapes this time, there’ll be time to deal with him in the future.” Yan Zhu’s eyes gleamed coldly.

After living for so many years, other than his father’s punishments, no other person had dared humiliate him like that.

Back when he was trampled, he was driven mad, even howling to his father before…”Kill True Yan, kill him, if he doesn’t die, I’ll die! As long as he’s there, I cannot exist!”

His father Shi Huo knight’s reply was…

Throwing his son into the 9th starfield hell, for a total of 1,000 years, he was much better when he returned, even though he was still as petty and ruthless, it was not as unbridled as before.


Chapter 688: Knowing Oneself

On the day Luo Feng was locked up, within virtual universe’s thunder island, in a completely black palace that gave off a terrifying aura.

Beneath the palace.

Long Jue emperor knelt respectfully there, his head on the ground itself.

“Shi Huo’s son keeps picking trouble with True Yan.” A thick powerful voice resounded throughout the endless palace, there were crackling noises, “However he’s stupid to find trouble with Luo feng, he is afterall one of the top 10 seedlings recognized from the other geniuses, to make him suffer without any evidence etc from this matter, that’s a joke.”

In the throne above, an ugly life form covered completely in black scaled armor with a pair of horns on his head, this tall and sturdy scaled life form sat there, his right claw terrifyingly sharp, he casually brushed the armrest, creating the ear piercing sound. He gave off a formless pressure that emanated throughout.

It made people shudder from within!

It made people fear him!

His finger casually scratching of the rest, he ordered, “Give the order, release Luo Feng.”

“Yes.” Long Jue emperor knelt there, not looking up at all.

Sou!

He instantly vanished from the virtual universe.

…

Wu Long starfield, the majestic castle in which Yan Zhu emperor stayed in welcomed a guest…Long Jue emperor.

“Tian, why are you here?” The beautiful Yan Zhu emperor was lying in a chair of the 9th floor, beside him 2 beautiful and sexy fantasy spirit ladies were giving him a massage, he sat in a spot where he could see out into the endless space outside, even to the distant endless amounts of floating goods.

“Yan Zhu emperor.”

Long Jue emperor walked over and said seriously, “The top has given the orders to release Luo Feng.”

“Top, which top?” Yan Zhu looked up and glanced at him.

“My direct superior, You Mo knight.” Long Jue emperor said.

Yan Zhu’s eyes twitched when he heard the name, the universe was vast, every universe country leader and knight were still few in numbers, it took extremely long periods of time for one to be born or produced…there were only those few, and amongst them, there were differences in rankings and position.

If one said Tian Shi palace’s leader was a legend, staying within Tian Shi palace, not making a move for trillions of years.

Relying solely on his name to dominate.

Then You Mo knight was a bloody legend. His name was completely built on slaughter and killing, even his terrifying body wasn’t natural, it changed after his self created technique morphed it into the best killing construct. He was definitely known within the virtual universe company as a god of death.

“I know what to do.” Yan Zhu emperor frowned.

“Yan Zhu emperor.” Long Jue smiled, waving his hand for the 2 fantasy spirit ladies to leave.

Yan Zhu looked at him.

Long Jue emperor smiled, “We have been together for endless periods of times, I’ve hardly ever overstepped you. However…this Luo Feng is afterall one of the heavily favored geniuses from this generation within our virtual universe company, we only lost 10 million mixed elements, this small lose would definitely never equate to the loss of an absolute genius.”

“Thanks.” Yan Zhu emperor’s eyes gleamed.

He could hear it.

Long Jue emperor was hinting at him…Luo Feng was one of the exceptional geniuses of this batch of geniuses (Referring to all the geniuses in Yu Xiang Mountain currently), without any guarantee, it was best not to mess with him. Otherwise it would enrage the upper echelon of the virtual universe company.

“Haha, then I’ll be leaving.” Long Jue emperor smiled and left.

Yan Zhu got up personally and sent him off.

…

After awhile, Yan Zhu returned to that stone throne draped with the Devil clan royalty’s 9 mist beast skin, he lay in the soft skin and closed his eyes.

“This Long Jue emperor sure is scheming, he plays the good guy on both sides.” He muttered to himself.

The 5 managers all represented the 5 leviathans.

The moment a deal exceeded 1 million mixed elements, the 5 would have to audit it together. Over the long periods of time, naturally they formed their own understanding.

Like Yan Zhu emperor’s strength, made the others give him some leeway.

Normally they wouldn’t mess with him.

Like the smaller deals.

Or to deal with some punks.

Against Luo Feng however, Long Jue emperor had a bottom line…like if Yan Zhu insisted on sending him to the 1st starfield jail hell, he would definitely not agree to it. However as long as Yan Zhu didn’t cross that line, Long Jue would naturally let certain things slide. No matter what, his relationship with Luo Feng was shallow, he would allow Yan Zhu to do anything as long as it didn’t go over board.

However the moment a big deal was involved, no one would go soft!

Anything involving the leviathans’ reputation, then these were things they wouldn’t back off on!

The small matter of locking Luo Feng was but a little ruckus.

“It’s a pity I didn’t find any proof.” Yan Zhu’s eyes gleamed fiercely, “If I could falsify evidence to show it was Luo Feng’s ploy, that he killed those guards and stole up to 10 million mixed elements worth of bug corpses…then it’d be over for him, the proud disciple would be killed, True Yan would definitely be enraged.”

“Hehe.”

“True Yan, don’t be too proud now.”

His expression warped slightly, “I have patience, I will definitely make you suffer, and kill you! As long as I accomplish this…I’m willing to die for it!” His eyes gleamed madly, people had always let him get his way, with his father’s presence, even the powerful beings were friendly to him, this way of life had spanned over tens of millions of years, it was ingrained within him.

Until he met True Yan emperor!

The violent and intrepid True Yan! The one that never submitted to anybody!

His greatest blow, standing up over and over and yet being defeated time and again, even being trampled on, it had caused him to descend into madness, back then he even howled to his father those words…”Kill True Yan, kill him, if he’s not dead, I will die! I cannot live when he’s alive!”

However his father Shi Huo knight simply sent him to the 9th starfield jail hell.

A nightmare for 1,000 years.

Within the jail hell for 1,000 years, many blows were much worse than what True Yan had dealt to him, it was simply like hell. However those blows…made him hate True Yan even more, he believed that everything was because of True Yan, the source was him!

When he came out of the prison, he had become more steady, however deep within he still madly believed in his one target.

“Make True Yan suffer, kill him!”

“I want to make him feel fear, regret and suffer because of me.”

“If I accomplish it.”

“I’ll die with no regrets!”

…

“Wei Ni En.” Yan Zhu emperor lay in his throne and said softly.

A demonic silhouette appeared.

“Master.” The silhouette bowed.

“Head to Luo Feng’s home…earth.” Yan Zhu ordered, “You don’t need to do anything, just hide one of my undying crystals there, leave now.”

“Yes master.” The demonic figure replied respectfully.

Weng…

Jade green lights engulfed the area and the space rippled.

Sou!

A space pathway instantly appeared and vanished, the demonic figure had left Wu Long starfield via her god country teleportation.

“True Yan emperor, I’m an undying, I have time, let’s take it slow.” He smiled a perfect smile.

Drizzle palace.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged within, his consciousness within his internal world.

…

Within the vast internal world, the black clothed Luo Feng was floating above the endless sea.

“Bug clan island, form!”

Black clothed Luo Feng pointed down at the endless ocean, immediately the waters began to churn and howl, with crackling noises, they split apart and pure world energy gathered, 100,000 km area of sea had become endless world energy, after which they came together to form continuous rock.

The endless world energy in the air poured in.

In an instant.

An island with a diameter of 100,000 km was formed, there was mud, grass, mountains, canyons, rivers etc, it was a very normal continent world.

“Alina, from today on, you’ll live here.” The black clothed Luo Feng ordered, wielding a world ring, Alina was within, transferring her from the center continent to this new island.

“Yes master.”

The queen Alina and the mother nest landed simultaneously in the island.

“These are 300 sector lord bug can units, from what I estimate, you should be able to produce 3 million tiger armored bug soldiers.” He said, retrieving large amounts of bug corpses from his world, even within his internal world, Luo Feng couldn’t teleport, unable to instantly bring her from the center continent over, he had to use a storage device to bring her over.

“300 units?” Alina was curious.

“Every sector lord bug corpse unit is made of 100,000 sector lord pinnacle bug corpses.” Luo Feng explained, the large amount of corpses piled up beside, it became a mountain formed from 30 million sector lord pinnacle bug corpses.

“Wow.”

The queen’s eyes gleamed, she was getting excited.

“How’s your speed in producing sector lord pinnacle tiger armored bugs?” Luo Feng asked.

“I can produce 10 a day.” She said, “Every sector lord pinnacle bug has incredible amounts of energy, hence the speed is slow. If it were creating star level bugs, I can produce them infinitely from the caves in my mother nest.”

“10 a day? Over 3,000 a year. It’ll take 300 years to produce a million sector lord army, hm, anyway my training will take long.” Luo Feng nodded, “Then you should begin now.”

“Yes master.” The queen Alina was obviously very excited with anticipation.

Sou!

She flew within the mother nest, after which that over 800m tall round ball floated into the sky, diving into the mountain of corpses.

It began producing…

The black clothed Luo Feng watched on silently.

After a little over 2 hours, the mountain of corpses slightly shook, and a malevolent bug over 10 storeys tall climbed out, it was covered in incredibly thick armor, powerful and intrepid, this sector lord pinnacle tiger armored bug jumped down when it saw Luo Feng, with a rumble it landed on the ground, it was extremely respectful before Luo Feng.

“The 1st tiger armored bug…” Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with glee.

“Million sector lord army!”

Luo Feng seemed like he was staring at endless amounts of sector lord tiger armored bugs, his blood boiled within as he anticipated excitedly.

As for acquiring the corpses from Wu Long starfield’s debris, Luo Feng didn’t feel any sense of regret from that. When one reached a level of mental stability as Luo Feng’s, one would see everything clearly, as for knowing oneself, he saw through the mess, he wouldn’t deceive himself.

Heart like a mirror, seeing clearly through the mud.

Knowing oneself and staying true!

Luo Feng was clear on himself, ever since he left earth to explore the universe, as the strongest of earth, especially with all the deception in the universe, seeing ancient families get destroyed, entire planets enslaved, even the gold horn race being subservient, their unwillingness and unhappiness from deep within their bones.

Luo Feng felt a sense of danger!

“I have to get strong!”

“I have to give my all, fighting for my root, if the root dies, how can the leaves survive?”

Back then when Luo Feng decided to sacrifice himself with the golden horned beast, he had already taken earth to be his root, maybe he was strong and had far exceeded the entire earth.

However his root was earth…if the earth were to perish one day, with all his comrades dying, what would be the meaning in his life of solitude after?

Luo Feng knew himself…

Back when he immolated his soul to fight the golden horned beast, he knew it already.

He had to be a guard!

He had to protect his home, his root…earth!

“Progress, never ending progress.”

“I need to keep getting stronger, I will give my all.” His eyes were like blades, solid and piercing.

The path to becoming strong may result in many situations, like the assassination attempt from the bug clan assassin…that flame undying self destructing and destroying large amounts of bug corpses, under such circumstances, Luo Feng easily made the decision to grab away 300 units of bug corpses, it probably had no effect whatsoever to the entire Wu Long starfield, however to his growth, it was a huge benefit, and it didn’t harm anybody…why not?

Anything that harmed others, he would rarely do.

However if it involved the survival of earth, even if it meant a few innocent lives, he would slaughter without hesitation.

He knew his own heart, doing things without hesitation, straight to the point!

Taking away those bug corpses.

Slaughtering, so what?

Knowing oneself, staying true to it.

Only with a steady heart, not affected by outside influence, whether it was to become a slaughtering demon, or a perfect kind person, or an evil person, as long as one was true to his heart, he would go far in his training! And even so, this path was still filled with dangers, like how Luo Feng almost died this time.

“Pa! Pa! Pa!”

There was knocking on the palace’s door.

“Luo Feng, you can come out.” Long Jue Emperor’s voice resounded.

Luo Feng who was sitting crossed legged within Drizzle Palace opened his eyes, they gleamed with glee within.


Chapter 689: Revenge

Rumble…

The door of Drizzle palace opened as 2 sector lord guards used their strength to push it, slowly the door split apart and the silver armored Luo Feng walked out smiling.

“Luo Feng, you’ve suffered this time.” Long Jue emperor walked over.

“It’s ok.” Luo Feng smiled, “That Yan Zhu emperor is only a person from the huge axe dojo, I didn’t believe he could do anything drastic.”

“Haha…” Long Jue emperor laughed loudly, his laugh resounding throughout the hallways, “Your words are right, no matter what, you are still a member of our virtual universe company. And you are the victim this time, his actions were seriously overboard.”

Luo Feng looked at Dylan beside him, “Dylan, I’m prepared to enter Wu Long Starfield.”

“Again?” Dylan was stunned.

“I’ve already paid for 1 million mixed elements worth of goods, should I just leave it?” Luo Feng joked.

Long Jue emperor nodded, “That’s a given, this time, I’ll personally accompany you and be your guide.”

“How can that be.” Luo Feng was surprised.

“Why not?” Long Jue emperor asked, “When do you want to go?”

“I don’t wish to waste any time, how about right now.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Ok, then we’ll head out now.”

…

Long Jue emperor brought 2 white robed guides to follow Luo Feng in a ship, heading towards the region in Wu Long starfield where they stored the endless bug corpses.

“Buzzz…”

The space rippled and a ship appeared, the cabin door opened, Luo Feng, Long Jue emperor and 2 white robed guides flew out.

“Ah, this is the place where I was attacked?” Luo Feng looked at the coordinates on his wrist quantum computer, shocked, “We travelled straight here? I remember the last time I was here, the 2 guides had to first bring me to the void region first before flying slowly over.”

“That’s the normal rules.” Long Jue emperor shook his head, “I don’t need to follow that.”

Wu Long starfield’s storage region forbade undyings from entering, however after Luo Feng was attacked last time, Long Jue had brought Dylan straight in.

Long Jue emperor and the other managers had special authority.

“Hehe.” Luo Feng looked about, the marks of the explosion from the flame undying were all gone, large amounts of units of sector lord bug corpses had filled the area in an orderly fashion, “Long Jue emperor, it’s only been a day, there’s already such a change here.”

“Haha.”

Long Jue emperor asked, “How much of the 200 units have you seen?”

“Half of it.” Luo Feng said.

“Then I’ll help you complete it and after seeing all 200 units, you can choose.” Long Jue emperor said.

Luo Feng flipped his hand and immediately 200 metal cards floated out, with a thought, these 200 became 1 big pile and a small pile, “This small pile is for the units I haven’t seen.”

“Ah?” Long Jue emperor glanced at it, quickly determining the quickest viewing route.

“Then let’s head out.” Long Jue emperor said.

…

He brought Luo Feng with the 2 guides and began to fly within the pathways of Wu Long starfield.

After half a day, they finished the remaining units and after going through all 200, Luo feng had an idea of his top 100.

“Even though I already have 300 corpse units already, there’s still no light at the end of the tunnel, buying these 100 extra units won’t be a waste.” Luo Feng thought, simultaneously he turned to smile at Long Jue emperor, saying, “Long Jue Emperor, I’ve already chosen which 100 units I want.”

“Ah?” He looked at Luo Feng, “Which 100?”

“These.”

With a flip of his hand, he produced 100 metal cards.

Long Jue emperor glanced through them and swiftly compared them with the information he had, he looked shocked at Luo Feng, “Impressive, these sector lord corpses are all broken apart and hard to distinguish between each other, the 100 units you’ve chose, according to their quality, is indeed the best 100.”

Even the internal department information couldn’t be too specific.

Afterall without careful individual examination of each body, with only the most basic differentiation, like top level, mid level and low level goods, this was all information done by the internal department to gain some benefits, Luo Feng’s choices however had picked all the top level goods, with some at mid level.

When Long Jue emperor passed Luo Feng the metal cards, it was mixed in with all 3 levels.

“Can you not bear to sell me these?” Luo Feng smiled.

“Of course not.” Long Jue emperor turned and threw 50 cards to the 2 guides, “You 2, each bring these 50 units over.”

“Yes.”

The 2 white robed guides bowed respectfully and became beams of light, dispersing and searching in the distance.

“Luo Feng, we just need to wait.” He said.

“Hm.” Luo Feng frowned, “Long Jue emperor, I want to know…that assassin Kasey, have you found anything on him? Just who it was that wanted to kill me?”

“We’ve found something, however it’s still in the investigation process.” Long Jue emperor waved his hand and a ship appeared, the cabin door opened, “Let’s go in and talk.”

Luo Feng nodded and followed him in.

After a while.

In the distant Taijin universe country’s Lan Hai starfield, there was a very normal life planet, Bomo planet, ripples appeared in its space and a black disc shaped ship appeared.

It’s mid portion opened and 3 silhouettes flew out.

The leader was a purple armored old man, he gave off terrifying ripples of law energy, he waved his hand and kept the ship, ordering, “We have to catch the target, no mistakes.”

“Yes.”

The 2 black armored soldiers bowed respectfully.

“Head out!”

The old man ordered, immediately the 2 swiftly flew into Bomo planet.

Bomo planet was a planet with a diameter of 18,219 km, it’s oxygen level reached 36% of all its air, the entire planet’s temperature fluctuated, even in the same place on the same day, morning could be minus 30 degrees, afternoon could be 50 or 60…however human’s adaptive abilities were amazing.

This planet had a population of about 22 billion.

And today, there were 3 warriors, 1 thunder undying and 2 sector lord pinnacles that entered it.

“The virtual universe system has already confirmed the location.” The purple armored old man stood on the top floor of a skyscraper, gazing at the city below, ordering coldly, “The target is in this city, find him and bring him here.”

“Yes captain.”

The 2 sector lords bowed respectfully.

The 2 simultaneously released their world energy and easily engulfed the vast city that was just over a 100 km in area, whatever happened in the city…evil in the darkness, new lives being born in the hospital, couple squabbles, affection, weaker warriors training hard, whatever there was…

Everything was incredibly clear!

“Target locked on!”

“Locked on!”

The 2 sector lords confirmed the target’s location simultaneously, within an old skyscraper, there was a green haired man wearing a consciousness transfer helmet, connected to the virtual universe network.

Sou! Sou!

The 2 sector lords immediately became beams of light and flew past tens of km of distance, reaching that little room and easily capturing that green haired man.

“Captain, we’ve already…”

The sector lord’s transmission had just begun when.

Suddenly…

An incredibly terrifying energy exploded from beneath the ground of the city, rumble…the entire city was instantly reduced to dust, following which the energy seemed to instantly engulf the entire planet, whether it was the seas, lands, mountains, they were all split apart, the explosion in the center core of the planet tore apart space itself.

The entire life planet had instantly become a disaster!

In the space above.

Rumble! Rumble Rumble!

3 silhouettes rushed through tens of thousands of km standing above, gazing at Bomo planet, this planet’s endless debris and dust floated, the planet had been severely plowed through, its residents were at most only star level 9, they couldn’t avoid this at all.

“Captain.” The 2 sector lords had blood on their lips, their bodies swiftly recovered as they looked at their captain.

“The target is dead, the lead is gone.” The purple armored old man gazed at the planet, “Let’s go.”

The 2 sector lords looked at the life planet, sighing within.

They sat in the universe ship and left.

Leaving behind the mess of Bomo planet, the 22 billion population, zero survivors.

…

Wu Long starfield.

Within the sector lord bug corpse region, a ship stopped within the space pathway.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng.” Long Jue emperor ran to the resting quarters.

Hua!

The door opened.

“Long Jue emperor?” Luo Feng looked suspiciously at Long Jue emperor.

“We just got the news.” His expression was heavy and serious, “Our virtual universe company checked up on Kasey’s actions and movement before in the virtual universe network, like his mail, conversations etc, we finally found a very small lead and followed it. We were preparing to go capture an important figure. However during the capture, the planet he was on simply exploded and all 22 billion of its people were killed.”

“What?” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

22 billion.

“Hm.”

Long Jue emperor nodded his head heavily, “Yes according to our interaction with the other races before, such vicious methods should be from the bug clan infiltration organization.”

“Bug clan?” Luo Feng expression changed.

“Hm.” He nodded, “The bug clan is proficient in invading and controlling the souls of many life forms, hence their infiltration organization is hard to deal with, and the moment there is a problem with any of their pawns, they would immediately cut them off and sacrifice everything, in the meantime exacting their revenge. Causing an entire planet to become a catastrophe, this is a form of revenge. However in spite of that, we still have to check on the leads, even if we fail hundreds to thousands of times, as long as we succeed once, we’ll be able to do heavy damage to the organization that has cost them countless resources to build.

Luo Feng took a deep breath, 22 billion people, all the life on a life planet.

All gone like that.

The exchanges between races were indeed brutal.

“You have to be careful, it’s obvious you are already on their kill list.” Long Jue emperor emphasized.


Chapter 690: Searching for Treasure in Rubbish Mountain

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded his head seriously.

Bug clan?

He didn’t expect to acquire the mother nest and after be targeted by the bug clan themselves, of course the 2 had no relation at all.

“No matter who it is or wants me dead, they can keep dreaming. Even if I die, I’ll make sure I hit them hard before I do.” Luo Feng swiftly pondered on the best ways to deal with the bug clan assassination attempts, his quantum computer calculation speeds allowed him to think of countless possibilities.

For example allowing the mosha clansman to carry the main core and stay in a safe place while the earth body explores…this seemed like the safest way, however he crossed this out immediately. If his earth body were to be killed one time, many would think that he was actually dead…the virtual universe company would know this too.

And if such a thing happened and he created yet another earth body.

Another Luo Feng would appear!

Even an idiot would know…there was something up with Luo Feng! A domain lord could never have an undying body.

Only if I keep the main core with me will I be able to deal with such a situation. However that has its dangers as well.” Luo Feng pondered.

After pondering for 3 seconds.

Luo Feng already came up with his answer, it was the best he could think of at the moment.

“Hm, just like that.” Luo Feng nodded.

…

After chatting with Long Jue emperor for a while, Long Jue returned to his own room. After all, the 2 white robed guides required about 3 days of time to collect the 100 units of bug corpses, Luo Feng and Long Jue naturally wouldn’t be chatting around for all 3 days, they returned to their rooms to rest.

Within the room.

Luo Feng sat in a chair and sent a thread of his consciousness into the virtual universe network.

Yu Xiang Mountain Primal region, Luo Feng’s study.

He sat before his desk and looked at the laptop, entering the treasure trove folder and the screen displayed, techniques, weapons, treasures, technological weapons, materials, tools, life forms and other special things, 8 categories, Luo Feng immediately opened the treasures folder.

He quickly found “A world.”

World villa, 0.02-0.1 mixed elements.

World house, 0.1-0.3 mixed elements.

World Belt 0.3-3 mixed elements.

World ring, 0.5-10 mixed elements.

…

The different types all had specific details, these were items with worlds within them, the larger their size, the cheaper they were. Just like Luo Feng’s 1st examination from the universe mercenary alliance, he entered that world within that villa, the entire world was within that villa.

To compress an entire world, naturally the smaller one had to compress it, the harder it got!

A belt able to hold an entire world within.

If one wanted to put an entire world into a ring, then the materials used…had to far exceed that of the belt.

Hence…

The cost of creating a world wasn’t exactly very high, sector lords and above could all do it. The only thing was the size. To create a world ring however, this was the most expensive. Even the cheapest within the virtual universe company’s treasure trove was 0.5 mixed elements.

0.5-10 mixed elements, this represented the different space within.

The smallest was a world with an area of 10k km.

The largest was 1 hundred million km.

And the ring he was given in Wu Long starfield was 100k km in area, the price of that ring was about 1 mixed element, to the clients that paid up to 1 million mixed elements, giving a world ring was nothing. As for rubbish mountain…it was too much to handle.

However.

The prices of the world rings was many times more than a space ring. Because the space rings, almost all universe levels had them, even star levels had them.

However!

A sector lord pinnacle warrior would on average have a fortune of about 10 mixed elements, normally they would spend half of it on training, weapons, armor, techniques and part of it on a ship, for them to spend 10% of that on a world ring was impossible, they’d rather use their own internal world, creating a world house within, when they become undying, they can then use more valuable materials and absorb that house into a world ring.

Hence…

Under undying level, very few actually use world rings, unless they had huge backgrounds or wealth.

“Purchase world ring.”

“f10 model, 1 hundred million km wide and high.” Luo Feng swiftly ordered.

The primal region members had a 30% discount, they only needed to pay 7 mixed elements.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, your location is confirmed to be on Wu Long starfield, we will send it there immediately.” A gentle lady’s voice resounded.

“No need at the moment, when I request for you to send it, you can do it then.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes your majesty Luo Feng.”

Closing the laptop, he revealed a smile.

With the extra large world ring, when he left the storage area of Wu Long starfield and acquired it, his plan could begin.

“Bug clan?”

“Want to kill me? Hmph…I’d rather hibernate for a million years than follow the steps of those geniuses!” Luo Feng thought, the percentage of geniuses falling was very high, one was because this path to become strong was in itself very dangerous, secondly, geniuses were envied, with other clans trying to kill them, any power within each race would face dangers.

After this incident, Luo Feng was even more cautious.

…

On the 4th day after the 2 white robed guides went to search for bug clan corpses, they finally returned.

The cabin door of the ship opened.

“Lord.” The 2 stood in space and bowed respectfully at Long Jue emperor.

“You’ve brought them?” Long Jue looked at them.

“Yes lord.” The 2 instantly retrieved all the corpses they had searched for, the empty space beside suddenly had 2 corpse mountains, both 10km tall.

Luo Feng looked at the 2 mountains floating there, nodding his head. After which he absorbed them into this internal world, as the action of absorbing into his world ring and internal world was exactly the same, triggering world ripples.

Hence back then he had placed the mother nest into his internal world and now the mountains of bug corpses.

“Luo Feng, with the corpses in hand, there’s no more problem, these are the 100 units you’ve chosen.” Long Jue smiled at Luo Feng.

“Haha, of course there’s no problem.” Luo Feng nodded and smiled.

As for the other 100 metal cards, he had already returned them to Long Jue emperor.

“With the corpses in hand, do you want to head to rubbish mountain to search for treasures?” Long Jue looked at Luo Feng, actually, he accompanied Luo Feng only out of habit and courtesy, he wouldn’t offend anyone with any power, these past few days meant little to him. However if Luo Feng decided to go search for treasures…

That would take much longer.

Luo Feng naturally saw through Long Jue’s intentions, smiling, “It’s rare that I come here, and with the world ring you gave me, I definitely have to go search for treasures at rubbish mountain. However Long Jue emperor, you’ve already accompanied me enough these past few days. Your 2 guides will suffice for when I go search for treasures.”

“Hm, that’s good.” Long Jue emperor nodded without any hesitation.

“You 2 follow Luo Feng, remember, the moment you discover any one else close by on the map, immediately get away. No one is to get close to you all.” Long Jue emperor emphasized.

“Yes Lord.” The 2 complied.

“Then I’ll be leaving, I wish you the best of luck in getting a heavenly treasure.” Long Jue laughed loudly, “The attack from before, luck is just like that, good luck will come after the bad, after being attacked in Wu Long Starfield, this was an incident that hasn’t happened in the past hundred million years. It’s chances are even much lower than acquiring treasure in rubbish mountain.”

Luo Feng said so too, “If even an attack can happen, looks like getting a treasure is possible.”

“Haha, then I’ll be leaving.”

Long Jue emperor nodded, after which he sat in his ship and swiftly became a beam of light amongst the distant space pathways.

The 2 white robed guides stood beside Luo Feng respectfully, one of them said, “Your majesty, there are rubbish mountains all throughout Wu Long starfield, where will you begin your search?”

“Let’s go through universe travel and randomly pick a spot.” Luo Feng shook his head and smiled, “This place where I just got attacked probably is my bad luck region.”

…

Sitting in the ship, Luo Feng then randomly picked a spot, after travelling awhile, they found a couple of rubbish mountains.

Without going there, he wouldn’t have known. Luo Feng got a shock as he entered the mountains, it was filled with worthless remains, of course even though they were considered worthless, they were still worth a lot more than the diamonds of earth, these were still remains of the outer region wars.

However even if it filled the entire 100k area world ring, it probably wouldn’t even be worth 0.1 mixed elements.

0.1 mixed elements was after all able to buy a normal galaxy.

“Treasure hunt, it all depends on luck.”

“Let’s go, universe travel.”

…

Luo Feng was in a good mood, almost like he wasn’t at all affected by the assassination or Yan Zhu emperor before, this was also a display of his mental state training.

…

“To the nearest stop point.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes your majesty Luo Feng.”

The 2 white robed guides complied, the ship immediately returned to the actual universe, the surrounding region was mostly empty, in the distance was endless goods, amongst them there would occasionally be majestic mountains of rubbish, their size towered over the goods.

“Hm?” Luo Feng frowned.

He could feel a faint calling from somewhere, it entered his entire body, every cell within began to boil!

“What’s going on?” Luo Feng gazed into the distance.

In that direction, it felt like there was a magnetic field acting on his body.


Chapter 691: Calling

With that formless calling, his skin felt somewhat numb, his cells within boiling, including his bones, organs etc…this level of calling, made Luo Feng’s entire body shudder, almost like it was desperately telling him…come, quickly, come here!

“Your majesty Luo Feng, where should we go, there are rubbish mountains all about.” The black skinned white robed guide asked.

“There!”

Luo Feng pointed at a distant rubbish mountain.

“Yes!”

The 2 guides complied and used their world energy to wrap Luo Feng, the 3 became a beam of light and headed towards that majestic mountain, it seemed close but was actually very far away, at a speed of 100k km per second, it took over 3 hours to get there.

“Your majesty can enter the mountain to look for treasures, the 2 of us will wait here, when you are done, you can call us.” The black skinned guide said respectfully.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng frowned, because he felt that the calling wasn’t very strong as he flew towards the mountain…the mountain was like a large planet, with a diameter of hundreds of thousands of km. After flying around, he flew behind the mountain.

Luo Feng looked into the distant space with his back facing the mountain

“It’s still further away, the thing that’s calling me isn’t here in this mountain, but in a much further place!” Luo Feng looked curiously into the distance, there were many goods about, far away, he could faintly see another rubbish mountain…Luo Feng couldn’t fully confirm whether the item calling him was in that mountain!

Anyway!

It was in that direction.

…

Sou!

Luo Feng returned to the 2 guides.

“Your majesty is done already?” The 2 were shocked at Luo Feng’s return, it was too quick.

“I don’t wish to search in this mountain, “Luo Feng shook his head and pointed into the distance, “Let’s continue in that direction, I’m basing which mountain to search, through my gut feeling.”

“These absolute geniuses sure have weird temperaments, using gut feeling to search…he said this mountain earlier, then changed his mind so quickly, seriously! However, it’s just our luck it was Long Jue emperor that arranged us for him.” The 2 sector lord pinnacle guides muttered within, their expressions however were still passionate and respectful, “Yes your majesty Luo Feng.”

They released their world energy again and wrapped Luo Feng, the 3 became a beam of light and flew.

Continuous flying…

Flying over a rubbish mountain, the calling still wasn’t from that mountain, they continued…

Mountain after mountain, they flew for 16 days straight, the 2 guides muttered within that this genius was hard to deal with, spending so much time just picking one mountain, however they didn’t dare go against him, since it was Long Jue emperor’s order, they had to do their job well, flying non stop.

“Rumble…” They flew around a rubbish mountain and the formless calling caused Luo Feng’s entire body to shudder, his blood boiled from within, he felt like his body was about to explode.

“Right here!”

“I want to look for treasure here!” Luo Feng flew to their side and said.

The 2 guides glanced at each other and sighed with relief, this Luo Feng had finally decided on a mountain to search, they flew for 16 days straight, maintaining a speed of 100k km per second, how was that easy?

“The 2 of us will wait here for you.” The black skinned white robe guide said.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng couldn’t wait anymore, flying straight into that mountain.

Watching Luo Feng swiftly head towards the mountain becoming a little black dot and entering it, the 2 guides relaxed, stretching their muscles, the green skinned guide said, “We sure are unlucky this time, simply finding this one mountain was this troublesome, the next one will probably be the same.”

“Grasp the time to rest, I’m preparing to go play some virtual games.” The black skinned guide stood in space, sending a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network to play some games.

Luo Feng was tunneling through the rubbish mountain, it had a diameter of hundreds of thousands of km, with all sorts of rotten remains mixed within, Luo Feng was like a mole tunneling within.

“It’s close.”

“Close.”

The closer he got, the more he felt the powerful calling, his entire body shuddered.

After tunneling tens of thousands of km deeper, he frowned, he could feel many messed up calls from all over, some from the left, some on the right, some ahead, a total of over 10 calls with different levels of strengths.

There were actually over 10 of them!

“It seems like there’s more than 1 item.” Luo Feng stopped awhile, picking the strongest one to fly towards, simultaneously using his formless spirit energy to force apart large amounts of remains before him, creating a tunnel, after moving another 30k km, he finally stopped.

Ahead, there floated an armor fragment, the surrounding items were forced apart by his spirit energy.

The ripples emanated from this fragment.

Armor fragment?

“What is this?” Luo Feng carefully examined it, this fragment was about the size of a normal book of earth, it was completely black, floating there.

Luo Feng carefully approached it.

As he reached about 5m away form it, the dead floating fragment suddenly jumped to life, it shook violently and rushed straight at Luo Feng, as fast as lightning, instantly reaching his right hand and touching his skin, trying hard to dig into his body.

“Chi!” A green layer appeared on the surface of his hand, it was the cloud contact armor.

It forcefully prevented the fragment from digging in.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng used his spirit energy to try and force it away, but he was shocked to realize…simply relying on his spirit energy, he wasn’t strong enough to even stop it from trying to dig into his body! Immediately, thin vines extended from his fingers, it was one of the main 216 vines.

This slender and thin green vine instantly wrapped about the fragment, its leaves gripping hard on it.

The fragment struggled hard within.

However it was forcefully subdued by the cloud contact vine.

“Just what is this, it looks like something dead, but it tried to dig into my skin when I got close.” Luo Feng frowned and pondered, “And it emanates a calling to me, obviously…no one else that came here could feel it, and if they felt it, they would definitely have discovered it, even if they didn’t know what it was, they would still have taken it away.”

Trillions of years!

Seeing many rotten remains about, it was obvious that this bunch of items deep within this rubbish mountain had been here since ancient times, there had been many people searching for treasures in Wu Long Starfield before, yet none have taken it away.

“Weird.”

“Why call out to me? Why can’t others feel it?”

Luo Feng frowned, “I’m not that special compared to others, is it the blood river energy? No, there are definitely many from the virtual universe company that have absorbed the energy, is it because I’ve trained in the nameless manual I discovered on earth? Or is it because I’m from earth?”

He had no way to confirm the reason, however he didn’t dare let it enter his body, if it was beneficial that would be good, however if it was bad, it’d be too late to regret it.

“Hm.”

He flipped his hand and retrieved a silver world ring, this was the one Long Jue emperor gave him, the world within was 100k km wide and high, he could store whatever he found in the rubbish mountain in it, nothing more than that. And within Wu Long Starfield’s surveillance system, it could detect all objects within.

Whatever he took would be calculated and the moment the mass filled up the 100k km area, it would naturally be recorded.

“I’ll put the main core in the world first, even if my earth body encounters danger, it’s no big deal, I’ll just make another body.” Luo Feng flipped his hand and a black stone appeared, this was the mosha clansman in the shape of a stone, within it lay the main core.

With a thought, he tossed the stone into the silver world ring.

Luo Feng had already left his soul imprint on this world ring when he was searching for treasure earlier.

“Alright, the main core is in the ring.” Luo Feng looked at the black armor fragment, “Come.”

The vines swiftly released the fragment and the moment it did, it immediately rushed at Luo Feng’s finger, the moment it came in contact with his skin, it became a black liquid that went through his skin, as it went in, Luo Feng could feel a sense of energy from within.

“It’s that special?” With a thought, a black armor appeared on his arm, this armor…was exactly the same as the fragment before.

This black armor could change from big to small, the biggest it got was only as big as the original fragment was. It covered his arm almost like a arm protector.

“What power.”

Luo Feng could feel like his arm had an incredible power, one punch was akin to a sector lord pinnacle warrior’s strength, it was a strength this black armor gave him, even though it came from the armor, it felt like it was a part of him.

Unlike the cloud contact vine’s strength, that only the vine could unleash.

This armor…Luo Feng was in total control!

“Just one fragment has the strength of a sector lord level 9 warrior?” Luo Feng was shocked, he couldn’t care much about anything else, immediately moving on to search for the others.

…

Sou!

He tunneled through the rubbish mountain and searched through the items, they were all armor fragments, after awhile, he had collected all the special items in this mountain.

“Plus the original one I found, there’s a total of 18 black armor fragments, 1 silver fragment.” Luo Feng had already stripped naked, allowing the 18 black fragments to enter his body. These 18 became black liquid and the largest armor it formed…a black vest.

However the amount of strength it gave him!

Was akin to over 20 sector lord pinnacle warriors.

“Just what is this special black armor fragment?” Luo Feng looked at the black vest, shocked within, “It actually gives me so much power! This is obviously still only a broken part of it…as for the silver fragment!”

Luo Feng looked at the palm size silver fragment in his hand.

He had already tried, only after forcing all the black fragments out of his body was he able to absorb the silver fragment. Just the palm size fragment alone, gave him the power of 5 sector lord pinnacle warriors.

“The silver fragment has 10 times the effect of the black, it’s obviously higher in level.”

“However!”

“The 2 obviously don’t work well together.” Luo Feng thought.

Luo Feng stood naked within the depths of the mountain, looking at the forced out black fragments and the silver arm protector, his eyes gleaming.


Chapter 692: Soldier

“Who knows how long these fragments have been left thrown aside in rubbish mountains.” Luo Feng looked at the black fragments, “Yet it was able to call out to me, if it isn’t because of me being from earth, it would probably be because of the nameless manual.”

He had thoroughly considered his situation.

There were only 2 things special that were different from the other humans that have come to Wu Long starfield, without a doubt, 1 was because he was from earth. The 2nd was the mysterious metal board that held techniques within, its words within from the Flame god race. It was a powerful race independent of humanity in the universe.

As it was a different race, they could naturally have their own training system, armor etc, and one may have to be trained in the nameless manual to be able to use it.

“These are all guesses, I need to test it to verify.” The cloud contact vine spread over Luo Feng’s body, forming a green armor, he forced out both the black and silver fragments and kept them in his internal world.

…

Flying out of the rubbish mountain, he floated in space and focused on his sensing abilities, seeing if there are any other hints of the fragments calling out to him.

“Hm, there are?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, looking in another direction and smiling, “My guess was right, these fragments were probably shipped here after an ancient race war from long ago. And as the machines cannot detect their special qualities, and the one’s scanning them would deem them as worthless metals, hence they were placed in rubbish mountain. As there are many rubbish mountains, they could be scattered all over.”

There was a very weak feeling from the left side.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.”

The 2 guides saw Luo Feng coming over, they bowed respectfully.

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng said.

“Where to, to the nearest rest top to universe travel, or to continue looking for rubbish mountains?” The 2 guides looked at him, they were most afraid of going on a pointless short trip, the flight back would take ten over days along with universe travel…it was better to continue searching around from nearby rubbish mountains.

That was easiest for the 2 of them.

“Continue looking for rubbish mountains.” Luo Feng said.

“Yes.” The 2 were gleeful.

“Head in that direction.” Luo Feng pointed after determining the calling.

The 2 immediately released their world energy and brought Luo Feng there.

…

After progressing about 3 to 4 days, they realized their joy was short lived, this Luo Feng was extremely hard to please, they flew past many rubbish mountains and yet he didn’t even glance at them, they could only keep rushing forward, sending threads of consciousness into the virtual universe to relax within.

After 21 days of flight, Luo Feng finally asked to stop.

After flying 1 round about the floating mountain, Luo Feng determined that there was something calling him from within.

“You 2 can stay here.” With that, he tunneled into the mountain and began searching for treasure.

After a while.

Luo Feng had found 9 black fragments and 1 silver fragment, simultaneously gathering a few tens of km in diameter of metal and alloy remains, he had to put on an act, otherwise simply collecting these fragments, how could it fill up the 100 k area world ring.

After which he let the 2 guides bring him again to search for more fragments.

As time passed, the 2 realized it was their bad luck to be placed with Luo Feng, because Luo Feng was purely relying on his senses to find rubbish mountains to search in, they would frequently have trips over 10 days to get to different mountains. After which they would use their ships to go through universe travel, stopping at certain points, not feeling anything, they’d immediately continue on to the next spot.

…

“You 2 can stay here.” With those words, Luo Feng headed straight towards another floating rubbish mountain.

Within the mountain.

Luo Feng was already used to the calling of the fragments, he easily found 8 of them, 7 black and 1 silver.

“Currently I have 118 black fragments and 6 silver fragment along with 1 shard.” Luo Feng flipped his hand and retrieved the items from his internal world, instantly a blur of black fragments floated before him, along with a few silver fragments and one shard.

Luo Feng looked at the items

The effects of the black and silver fragments, he had some understanding of them, only the shard…it too had the power of calling, it probably came from the same place as the fragments, however he hadn’t found a way to use it.

Dripping blood on it?

Touching skin?

Spirit energy?

Luo Feng had tried all methods he had heard and knew on it, however it was useless against it, almost like it was a very normal piece of a shard without any worth, even its sharpness was average. The only special thing about it was it’s calling ability, hence Luo Feng had collected it.

“No matter, right now I already have 118 black fragments, it almost covered my entire body last time, with these new 7, it should be complete.” With a thought, the cloud contact vine swiftly entered within his body.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

Almost like arrows, the 118 fragments shot at Luo Feng and as it touched him, they swiftly became black liquids that entered his skin, beginning to gather within his body. The mysterious black liquids seemed to become one with his skin and muscles.

As they made contact with each other, they swiftly condensed and grew more and more.

Rumble…

A huge change happened.

“What?” Luo Feng was shocked, carefully scanning his body.

When they had condensed to a certain level, a huge change occurred, they forced out the excess black liquid from Luo Feng’s body, all purely from the black fragments will. 2 black fragments gradually floated out from Luo Feng’s chest, after which they fell.

Saturation!

The black liquid within Luo Feng had reached a level of saturation, they could no longer take in anymore.

“I knew there was no way I could simply keep adding to it, there had to be a limit. Now it’s saturated.” Luo Feng felt the change happening within, the black liquids rumbled as they reached their limits, it was so clear Luo Feng could hear it in his ears.

The change stopped.

“This is?” Luo Feng looked at his bare chest, on it was a black engraving.

A very complex word, yet he recognized it as that of the Flame god race.

A simply word…Soldier!

“Soldier?” Luo Feng looked at the Soldier print on his chest, after which the word hid itself, even though one couldn’t see it visibly, Luo Feng could still feel it hidden in his chest, after all, all of the black liquid’s energy was completely infused in the print, and every time Luo Feng had absorbed the fragments, the moment he forced them out of his body, they would automatically break apart into the original fragments.

This time however!

They had completely combined to form the Soldier print.

“Soldier?” Luo Feng frowned, “Flame god words? Looks like it’s really because of the nameless manual. This Soldier, is it from the Flame god race, or some mysterious race’s lowest level soldier?”

“This mysterious armor, I’ll call it the soldier armor then.” Luo Feng thought.

With a thought, he triggered the print and immediately black threads covered his entire body, simultaneously a malevolent black armor appeared on his body, with a helmet and boots etc, an incredibly energy poured through his body, the armor felt like his skin.

This strength was just like his own.

With his senses he guessed that, it was probably about 80-90 sector lord pinnacles strength gathered!

“Feels terrible.” Luo Feng who was covered in the mysterious armor felt pain throughout his body, after becoming the master of this soldier armor, he knew basic information about it, “This armor, after it forms the print, only then does it become a perfect armor. It can grow bigger and smaller, infinitely malleable in size. However it all has to be triggered by the body, it has huge requirements on the body. I’m currently only domain lord level 9, my body is too weak…I cannot fully withstand the strength of this mysterious soldier armor.” Soldier armor, it contained energy within.

Just his earth body alone could trigger 80 – 90 sector lord pinnacle warriors’ strength! However this was but a part of the armor, the main thing was Luo Feng’s body was too weak and had no capability of fully utilizing it.

And however big Luo Feng could grow, the armor would follow.

Naturally because it was controlled by the body.

“My body is weak.”

“However, the golden horned beast’s body is very strong, and it’s also trained in the nameless manual.” Luo Feng was happy within, immediately forcing out the armor, a black round ball instantly flew out and on it, there was a faint Soldier print.

With a thought, the Soldier ball vanished into his internal world.

…

Internal world.

The mountain range like golden horned beast was lying in the grass when the Soldier ball appeared.

Howl… The beast extended its right claw at the ball and the ball immediately became a liquid that flowed into the beast’s body, as it was a complete soldier ball, naturally…the word Soldier appeared across the beast’s scaled chest, after which it disappeared within.

The beast stood up.

He howled and triggered the power of the print.

Chi chi chi…the print shot out trillions of black threads that covered every bit of the golden horned beast, in an instant, all of its scales, including its horns and claws were covered in a very thin layer of black armor, making it look completely black.

Even its gold engravings were completely covered.

Howl…

The golden horned beast felt immense power flowing within, he howled in joy, it could almost feel no stress on its body, getting even more thrilled with the feeling, this was probably the limit of strength the armor could produce, at this time, the amplitude strength of the beast was at a shocking level, it had reached the level of 1,000 sector lord pinnacle warriors, this was the true strength of the armor!


Chapter 693: 2 years

“Deities of the world!” The golden horned beast howled, immediately unleashing its natural ability, it’s over 1,200 km body and tail began to shrink, getting faster as it shrank, in the blink of an eye, it became a little beast only a 100km long.

As it’s bone and muscle density, along with its scales etc all rose, its body was naturally much more powerful.

And mixed within each scale and claw was a very thin layer of black armor, the energy it held was infused within the beast’s body, it was a terrifying amount of strength!

“It’s exactly as I expected.” The black clothed Luo Feng stood beneath the huge golden horned beast and looked up, “The beast had already pushed the armor to its limits earlier, even unleashing deities of the world, it still triggers about 1,000 sector lord pinnacle amount of strength from the armor, this is probably its limit.”

“Hm.”

“However it’s already heavenly enough, 1,000 sector lords, its pure strength alone…should be akin to a powerful undying general.” The black clothed Luo Feng muttered.

Previously, he had relied on the golden horned beast to fight the flame undying, hence he had a rough understanding of an undying’s strength…

That flame undying was a very normal undying, his pure strength alone should be about 100 times a sector lord pinnacle.

And when the golden horned beast unleashed its skills, it was 330 times a sector lord pinnacle.

However the flame undying did have a grasp of the complete flame origin laws, and even though Luo Feng had a rough grasp of the beast god presence, it was still shallow…his origin law comprehension and study time was still too short. Compared to an undying with a full grasp of the laws, the difference was huge.

The difference in the law comprehension made it so that he had to rely on his basics to fight back, hence the 2 were at a stalemate!

A normal undying’s strength with his undying energy, which was about 100 times that of a sector lord pinnacle!

He estimated that an undying general close to official level…

Should be about 1,000 times that of a sector lord pinnacle!

Black clothed Luo Feng stood on the grass and pondered as he rubbed his chin, “An official level close to emperor level, just his body strength alone should be about 10,000 times that of a sector lord pinnacle. And a pinnacle emperor…if calculated, his body alone should be able to hit 100,000 sector lord pinnacle level.”

Luo Feng knew quite a bit about undyings, even though there was very little about undyings within his inherited memories, just his primal region privilege allowed him to study quite a bit of it.

Undying levels, the difference in their strengths were shocking.

Just their bodies alone had huge differences, because undyings would spend endless amounts of time training their god bodies, firstly reaching the Undying body level, this alone was the dream of many. As their bodies grew stronger, their bodies too would evolve… reaching True Yan emperor’s level, his body alone was incredibly intrepid.

Along with origin laws, they could dominate the universe.

“100-1,000 sector lord pinnacle, normal undying.”

“1,000-10,000 sector lord pinnacle, official level.”

“10,000-100,000 sector lord pinnacle, emperor level.” Luo Feng muttered, “This is just my rough estimate, however from the information I’ve gathered, my accuracy should be over 60%.”

Luo Feng’s calculation speed was shocking, his reasoning speed was extremely high too, plus he could read up on many things within the virtual universe company network, plus his interaction with his teacher True Yan emperor, interaction with Dylan and fighting the flame undying, thus he came up with this.

Naturally this all involved only the most basic of strength and usage.

In terms of origin law and skills.

To the emperor, official and general level, whether it was the most basic undying body for these 3 levels, or in terms of origin laws, the difference was huge. Hence it created a huge difference between each of the levels.

“If my calculations are correct, early emperor level, just their bodies alone should only be about 10,000-20,000 times that of a sector lord pinnacle.” Luo Feng thought, “And I have my million sector lord army, 1 combined attack…the energy produced, even an early level emperor level would have to dodge the attack.”

Luo Feng was very happy after acquiring the mysterious Soldier armor, after leaving that rubbish mountain, he continued to search for others.

…

A ship was flying in the dark universe.

Within the control room, 2 white robed guides stood there, occasionally glancing at Luo Feng’s gaze, they felt a sense of helplessness.

“Let’s stop here, let’s go to the nearest stop point.” Luo Feng said, full of fighting spirit.

“Your majesty, we cannot stop.” The black skinned guide said.

“Hm?” Luo Feng turned to look curiously at them.

Both of them looked back.

“What’s going on?” Luo Feng frowned and asked.

Beside, the green skinned guide bowed respectfully, before speaking slowly, “Your majesty, the 2 of us have already accompanied you around the rubbish mountains for a year! Every treasure hunt period is at most a year.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng was stunned.

His time was up?

“We already received orders from the Wu Long starfield system telling us to bring you and leave.” The green skinned guide spoke slowly, he couldn’t hide his fatigue.

How could he not be tired?

An entire year, the 2 had almost never rested, following Luo Feng about to search through the mountains, occasionally they would fly continuously for over 20 days, suddenly stopping, however, before even half an hour passed, they would once again head out to a distant mountain.

They hadn’t rested properly in a year.

This was the 1st time the 2 had met such a difficult client.

“Ah, so the time limit is up.” Luo Feng nodded, “Then let’s return.”

The 2 exchanged glances.

They were finally free!

“Right, you 2 should also have treasure hunting missions right.” Luo Feng frowned, “When I spoke to Long Jue emperor earlier, he had mentioned that other than obtaining the world rings to hunt after purchasing goods, one can come individually to hunt for treasures. It seems that 1 mixed element can buy a small world ring, 10 mixed elements for a medium ring and 100 mixed elements for a large ring. Also, one can also buy extra treasure hunting time…1 year, 10 years, even a 100?”

The 2 guides’ expression changed.

Right, there was such a mission, as the rubbish mountains themselves hardly have any profits, and the cost of maintaining them was quite high, hence they came up with such systems for those that wanted to try their luck. It was a win win for everybody, why not?

“Rubbish mountain treasure hunt mission?”

“Ah…” The black skinned guide’s expression grew heavy.” Yes, there is.”

They didn’t dare lie.

“Ah.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded, “When we head back, I’ll buy a world ring and treasure hunting time, You 2 do a very good job, when I continue my hunt, will you 2 continue to help me lead the way?”

The 2 shuddered within.

This level of fast flying without any rest, was it going to continue? 1 year? 10 years? 100 years? This was hundreds to thousands of times more tedious than their surveillance job.

“Haha…” Luo Feng laughed loudly, “Just joking, maintaining a speed of 100k km per second, and flying for an entire year, anybody would be tired. I’ll get another guide.”

Only then did the 2 let out sighs of relief.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” The 2 bowed, feeling regretful.

“Humans are not machines, you don’t have to say anything.” Luo Feng laughed.

…

Over this year, Luo Feng acquired a total of 132 black fragments and 7 silver fragments along with 1 shard, of which the 116 black fragments formed a complete soldier armor. On average, every month he would get about 11 black fragments and half a silver fragment.

“The golden horned beast has a complete soldier armor, my earth body should get one too.” Luo Feng thought.

Luo Feng bought a medium world ring and 1 year’s time of hunting time, naturally the management arranged for another 2 guides for him.

“Luo Feng, you are currently in the domain lord level, training is the most important at this level.” Long Jue emperor looked at Luo Feng, he had come personally to send him off knowing his treasure hunt time was over, he didn’t expect Luo Feng to continue his treasure hunt, “Treasure hunting in rubbish mountain is just for fun, don’t waste too much time here.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

“If you get any huge treasure you have to tell me, whatever valuable items you get, I can help you sell at an extremely high price.” Long Jue emperor said.

“Definitely.”

After exchanging a few more words, he and the 2 new guides once again entered the starfield heading towards more rubbish mountains.

…

Luo Feng had already carefully examined the soldier armor, it was very mysterious, containing power within, however with the main body in control of the strength it supplied, one’s body had to be strong enough to fully utilize its power.

Other than that, the armor had the ability to block even spirit energy, meaning spirit attacks would lose about 90% of its power from the armor. Of course whether the omnipotent undying energy would be blocked by the armor…Luo Feng was still unclear.

Luo Feng wasn’t an undying yet, he had no way to test it.

“Triggering all of its strength, I require a sector lord pinnacle body.” Luo Feng thought, “Obviously this soldier armor was prepared for sector lord pinnacles.”

“A sector lord wearing this armor would have strength akin of a normal undying, however…normal sector lords cannot withstand an undyings soul attack, that’s probably why this armor also has the ability to weaken soul attacks. Only that way, can a sector lord pinnacle wearing this armor, truly stand up to an undying.”

Luo Feng was shocked within.

Just who was it that created this mysterious armor? Just the soldier armor alone was so absurd.

The higher quality silver fragments, what armor would it form?

This was definitely a terrifying race! It was easy to see…that one should never belittle any race surviving in the universe.

“Humanity is a pinnacle race, they should have many trump cards too. It’s only because my position is still low and I’m oblivious too them.” Luo Feng thought.

…

In the blink of an eye, another year passed and Luo Feng finally decided it was time to leave Wu Long starfield and return to earth.


Chapter 694: Mission with The Highest Points

After saying goodbye to Long Jue emperor, Luo Feng and Dylan sat in the Yun Mo planet ship and left Wu Long star field, heading towards Ganwu universe country.

…

Yan Zhu emperor was lying in his beast fur throne, looking ahead at a screen of information.

Footsteps could be heard, a purple robed man swiftly entered and bowed respectfully, “Lord.”

“What’s up?” Yan Zhu emperor continued looking at the screen.

“Luo Feng has left Wu Long starfield.” He said.

“Ah.” Yan Zhu emperor smiled, “This punk has finally left, I still thought he’d stay here in rubbish mountain forever. It’s hard to blame him, an aboriginal…anything in rubbish mountain would be considered a treasure. Alright, you can leave.”

“Yes Lord.”

The purple robed man bowed respectfully and left.

Yan Zhu looked up at the screen, the information on it immediately switched into detailed information of earth, this was the information he had sent someone to go gather.

“An aboriginal planet.” He mocked, “Little punk, we may meet very soon.”

The Yun Mo planet ship was flying at 50 times light speed in the dark universe, however, to reach earth, it would still take about 1 year and 2 months.

Space travel was extremely dull.

“If that Yan Zhu emperor found out that I had acquired such a treasure, he’d probably be extremely enraged.” Luo Feng lay in his cabin bed, looking up at the décor above, he thought of his earnings from rubbish mountain, “2 years time, a total of 232 black fragments and 12 silver fragments, 1 shard.”

Combined together.

It formed 2 complete black soldier armor, 3 extra black fragments, 12 silver fragments and 1 shard.

This soldier armor gave one the strength of an undying, it was an extremely heavenly item, in terms of price, even tens of millions of mixed elements wouldn’t be able to buy it. It was a pity that this mysterious armor…most of humanity was unable to use it, or even discover its peculiar abilities, obviously it was a battle armor for another race.

“Armor for another race, just which race is it, flame god race? Or some other mysterious race? However, at least the words are from the flame god race.” Luo Feng muttered, “It’s a pity my mosha body is unable to use it, otherwise I’d definitely make another one for it.”

Wu Long star field was simply too vast.

A starfield with a diameter of millions of light years, Luo Feng’s 2 years in the sector was probably not even a trillionth of the entire place! Yet he already acquired 2 complete soldier armor sets…if he spent more time, he would definitely get even more, however he wanted to spend more time on training.

“After a while more, I should head towards primal chaos city to train, there I get to visibly see the universe laws, study the 9 universe tablet occasionally, my improvement will be shocking.” Luo Feng thought, “I’d probably take a couple of hundred of years in there to fully comprehend the 108 wonders of space.”

Over 180 years in beast god canyon, Luo Feng had comprehended the 19 of the 72 most profound wonders.

Luo Feng estimated that it’d take about 700 years for him to fully comprehend the 72 wonders.

This efficiency was already much higher than Lian Luo spending 3,000 years in primal chaos city, if he was in there…it would be even faster, the main thing was Luo feng had the beast god statue etc, hence the benefits of primal chaos city wasn’t as important to him as to others. Within there…the main thing that attracted him was the 9 universe tablet.

“My 3rd volume of the time space scribbles is almost done, I have to buy the 4th, however I require 1 million points…where can I get them?” Luo Feng racked his brains.

Buying the 10,000 soul control technique had already cost him a large amount of points.

He didn’t even have enough currently to buy time space scribble’s 4th volume.

As time passed, he had spent over 8 months travelling in space.

“Di.”

“Mail?”

Sitting in his resting quarters, Luo Feng immediately connected to the virtual universe network.

…

Virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain Primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

Within his study.

Sitting at his desk, he opened his laptop and swiftly opened the mail.

“Hm?” Luo Feng squinted.

The subject of the mail was “Domain lord level mission with the highest points.”

“Highest points?” Luo Feng held his breath, he had long heard of the legend of the mission with the highest points, the core members at domain lord level would sometimes get missions from the virtual universe company, and these missions had different amounts of points, of which there was one that was supposedly the highest.

Highest points for the primal region members, naturally the rewards for primal region members were much higher than the absolute beginning, Sky and land and last phase region members!

“How high is it?” Luo Feng stared.

The details were.

“This mission has the highest amount of points for the primal region members (Domain lord level), the entire mission is separated into 4 levels.

1st level, highest points awarded 100,000, given according to the level of completion, if completion rate is 70%, points awarded will be 70,000 (70% of 100,000).

2nd level, highest points awarded 200,000.

3rd level, highest points awarded 300,000.

4th level, highest points awarded 400,000.

Extra reward: If all 4 levels are completed, according to the performance in general of the 4 levels, the virtual universe company will give an extra reward, the lowest being 0 points and the highest at 1 million points.

Hence…

The entire mission, including the extra point rewards, has a total of 2 million points to be awarded!

Warning! Warning!

Every level is determined by the level of completion, minimum required completion for the 1st level is 80%, only then can one proceed on to the 2nd level…if one cannot reach 80%, he cannot move on to the 2nd level, the entire mission would automatically end.

Example: If completion rate of 1st mission is 70%, member would receive 70,000 points and the mission would end there.”

“Damn!”

“The requirements are so high, continuous levels? The points are absurd too, the highest being 2 million.” Luo Feng looked at the mail and was completely shocked, it was absurd, as even the most dangerous of impossible level missions at universe level, Abyss hell, gave only 1 million points.

And this highest point mission was very peculiar, one had to continuously complete every level to activate the next.

When the 4 levels were completed, there was still an extra reward, and this reward…was according to the overall performance, the virtual universe company would determine how much to give, there wasn’t a clear standard.

…

After finishing the mail, Luo Feng looked at the subsidiary message, it’s subject was, “Highest point mission 1st level.”

Luo Feng gently tapped it and opened the mail.

Its details displayed…

“The 1st level is the highest point mission’s 1st step, it is also the most important step! This step will decide whether you move on to the next level, simultaneously, it plays a crucial role in the final step of determining how much extra reward you will receive, hence one has to seriously complete the 1st level.

The details are:

There is a slave trader organization in the Ganwu universe country’s Cui Lang starfield, named Flame Wind, the Flame wind organization has a total of 18 members in its upper echelon, other than the normal slave trading, they also had many dark secret business dealings that went against the rules of the universe country laws, hence…Luo Feng, you have to personally deal with all of them.

Also, exact punishments on all 18 of the upper echelon.

There are several choices for punishment: 1, death, 2, Jail for 100 years, 3, Jail for 10,000 years, 4, Jail for a million years.

As to how you punish them, it’s completely up to your decision.

You can choose to jail them for a hundred years or even simply dealing them the death sentence.

…

All choices will be in your hands!

When the entire mission is engaged, you have to maintain the synchronized broadcast with the virtual universe network, everything you do has to be broadcasted. Only with detailed understanding of your progress and your punishment decisions…will we be able to give the most accurate grading of your completion.

When you reach 80% completion of the 1st mission, you’ll be able to move on to the 2nd level.

If the 2nd mission’s completion is below 80%, the entire mission will end immediately.

The final parts of the mail contains the Flame Wind’s top 18 executives and their information, if you want more information, you’ll have to request it from the information system department. Remember…from start to end, any killing, capture, punishment, everything has to be done personally by you. You cannot send anybody to do it.

Your guards can only protect you, they cannot help you carry out the mission.”

Luo Feng sat before his laptop and frowned as he looked at the 1st level’s requests, feeling how troublesome it was.

This mission was completely different from his previous mission.

Back then, his universe level missions had a fixed standard and grading, e.g acquiring one blood river stone or collecting several items…even the hunting undying mission before, its highest points was at 200,000,yet its grading system was extremely clear and precise.

This time however…

There wasn’t a clear answer.

“Babata, what’s up with this mission?” Luo Feng frowned.

“It is very strange.” Babata’s piercing voice resounded, “As long as you synchronize and broadcast all your actions, doing everything personally, capturing the 18 executives and exacting their punishment. Whatever punishment and how heavy, everything is up to you. How strange. And the process of this mission, whether it’s a mass massacre or protecting the innocents from harm, there’s no requirements at all… as long as you finish your mission, the company will give you a judgement of completion!”

Luo Feng nodded.

No precise grading system.

“Slave trading and other dark business, this Flame wind organization sure has the guts to deal in such matters.” Luo Feng flipped through the information and shook his head within.”

“This mission sure is peculiar.”

“They even give me 4 ways to exact punishment, death, 100 years in jail, 10,000 years in jail, a million years in jail, there’s no exact number…this mission.” Luo Feng frowned.

He had to be extremely careful this 1st level, reaching at least 80% completion.

Otherwise, this mission that reached up to 2 million points would immediately end.


Chapter 695: Bass Planet

He sat before his desk and pondered.

He then contacted the information department and quickly got through.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” A clean voice transmitted over.

“I just received the highest points mission.” Luo Feng said, “With regards to the 1st level’s Flame Wind organization and its specific details of its 18 executive’s, strengths and living locations etc, send them all to me. How long will it take?”

“It’s already prepared.”

The clean voice replied, “We are sending it over right now.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Di!

An extremely complex mail with all the detailed information was sent straight to Luo Feng, the entire mail only had the words Flame wind organization as its subject. Luo Feng sat there and opened the information, after reading through, he realized the information they just provided was much more detailed than the mission mail provided.

“This…”

“He really deserves to die!!!” Luo Feng’s expression grew uglier as he read, “To actually be this sick, when I was one earth, especially during the Great nirvana period, there were many extreme matters going on, however I didn’t expect…that those matters cannot even compare to those of the universe. Corrupt, so corrupt…”

Countless warriors gave up their lives in the race wars to allow such peace in the 1,008 universe countries.

They sacrificed for peace!

These warriors helped protect the entirety of humanity!

With such peaceful lives, some with background and power, like kids with fathers who were domain lords in some lower level civilizations would instantly be tyrannical. After reaching star level and being unable to breakthrough, without any rights to succeed the family, they get lazy without any goals and simply get corrupted.

These rich people that have power but no goal, simply do many unbelievably terrible things.

Cannibalism, eating infants etc, all these were no longer enough to even satisfy these people!

Using all sorts of imagination to torture their slaves, and without any repercussions, they would feel empty again after torturing them… turning their gaze to the civilians after and torturing them too! In all, man’s desire was endless, and the Flame Wind organization fulfilled these people’s desires and satisfied them.

“If there were such people in my Luo Family, if there’s one, I’ll kill him. If there were 10, I’d kill all 10. Such a state of corruption, it’s better they be dead.” Luo Feng’s gaze gleamed with ferocity, “However humanity is simply too huge, their numbers are endless, if there are exceptional and elites, there would naturally be scum about!”

18 executives, also known as the Flame Wind organization’s 18 board members.

These 18 controlled the entire organization, every 100 years, they would pick one of the 18 to take up the lead position, they all rotated this way.

These 18 executives, were…

Klaus: Domain lord level 9, he was currently living in Bass planet where they nurtured slaves.

Kevin: Domain lord level 8, living in Cui Lang Starfield’s Cui Lang planet.

Benedict: Domain lord level 9, living on a tourist planet Fu Di planet.

…

Pan Xi: Sector lord level 3, living in the Flame wind organization’s headquarters, minor planets Bei En.

“18.” Luo Feng looked at the 18 names and their locations, ordering, “Babata, calculate their locations and determine the closest and most efficient path, I don’t want to detour.”

“Yes!”

Babata swiftly calculated and instantly replied, “Already done, Luo Feng, if you follow this path, the order should be Klaus first, Kevin… Pan Xi, exactly alike with the order of the namelist given.”

Luo Feng’s gaze gleamed coldly as he smiled, “Looks like the information department had considered my position well, let’s head out towards Bass planet!”

They were originally headed towards the Ganwu universe country’s black dragon mountain starfield, the Yun Mo planet ship slightly altered its course within the dark universe.

“It’ll take about 5 months and 8 days to reach Bass planet!”

…

After 5 months and 8 days.

Within the Yun Mo planet ship’s control room, Luo Feng and Dylan stood there, the room resounded with Babata’s countdown, “5…4… 3…2…1…universe travel!”

After a while.

They returned to the actual universe, through the external simulator, they could easily see the distant stars and planets about.

“Bass planet.” Luo Feng’s gaze landed on the closest planet, it was a mesh of white and dark red, the white was the clouds and atmosphere while the dark red was the main color of the planet itself, it was Luo Feng’s 1st stop, Bass planet.

“Your majesty, are you prepared?” Dylan looked at Luo Feng.

“Dylan, remember, from start till end, you cannot intervene, I have to do this entire mission on my own.” Luo Feng looked at the planet, his eyes gleamed coldly, “As to what to do, I’ve already decided within.”

The highest point mission, it had thrown Luo Feng into a haze and confusion then.

However after considering for awhile, he had almost fully understood, the geniuses of the primal region within the virtual universe company came in all sorts, there would always be the special ones, brutal, cold, gentle, kind, mad…there were countless different types of geniuses in history.

Different personalities would have different ways of dealing with this mission.

The brutal ones would probably immediately give them the death sentence.

And the colder ones, would probably just give the jail sentence to those that they felt the crimes weren’t too severe.

Different people would have different choices, they couldn’t possibly simply tell everyone to always give the death sentence to everyone, hence…this mission didn’t have a fixed answer, it depended on their characters.

And the details of the mission also said… “This 1st level was the 1st step for the entire mission, and also the most important step! This step would determine if one would be able to continue to the next level, also, it was the foundation of for the extra rewards after completion of all 4 levels, hence one had to do it seriously.”

Main foundation for verification?

Luo Feng thought that this was the main way for the company to determine the geniuses’ character!

“There’s no wrong answer.”

“Everything was determined by the upper echelon of the virtual universe company, whether they favored your methods, if they did, they would give a high completion rate, giving up to 100%.” Luo Feng thought, “Hence one had to keep open synchronized broadcast throughout.”

…

The Yun Mo planet ship continued to head towards Bass planet, the upgraded f grade universe ship couldn’t be detected by the security system of Bass planet.

As it reached the atmosphere.

Sou!

Luo Feng and Dylan flew out of the ship, Luo Feng kept it within his internal world.

“Babata, open the virtual universe network synchronized broadcast.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes, it’s already open.”

From this moment, Luo Feng’s every move was recorded, his every action was observed.

“Dylan, let’s go.” Luo Feng said.

Sou! Sou!

2 beams of light swiftly entered through the planet’s atmosphere, with Dylan’s undying capabilities, they naturally wouldn’t be discovered by anyone on the planet.

Bass planet’s east hemisphere, mountain ranges stretched for miles, some of their peaks were already barren, it was obvious the high altitudes made it extremely hard for any life to survive there, and the lower halves of those mountains were covered in red trees and plants, the main color of the vegetation was all red, with many aboriginal civilians walking through the inaccessible pathways, tens of thousands of meters of rocky and sloped mountain paths, it made the jobs of these people picking crops and herbs hard.

The medicinal herb Rainbow flame herb was the main herb of Bass planet.

Slave training and trading of the Rainbow flame herb.

The slaves were the main collectors of the herb, every year each tribe had to collect a certain amount of the herb, the moment it was insufficient, a large amount of the slaves would be taken to be sold as punishment.

And with the strong threat of the slave organization and the technology watching over the entire planet…there wasn’t a single tribe that dared go against them.

“Dad, I cannot walk anymore, let’s rest awhile.”

“Bear with it and go find more herbs, you only managed to find 92 today, less than yesterday, if this goes on, our family won’t be given anymore rations and we’ll starve.”

The slaves walked among the mountains looking hard for the herbs.

Rainbow flame herb was naturally produced in Bass planet, it was troublesome to search for it, if one didn’t know the way, they wouldn’t be able to spot it easily, after all, there were simply too many types of plants in the forests and mountains.

…

At this time…

Sou! Sou!

2 silhouettes landed from the space above, fast as lightning, instantly landing on a peak.

On that peak.

1 was in silver armor and boots, there was an arm guard on his shoulder, he coldly gazed at the endless land, beside him was a black robed bald man, his eyes indistinct, almost like a god from the universe landing on the planet.

“Those are the slaves of this planet?” Luo Feng stood and gazed far into the distance, the aboriginals appearance, even their facial hairs, were all clear to him.

“Hm.” Dylan nodded, “According to the information, these slaves are the natives of this planet, the flame wind organization then bought the planet and they became their slaves, many generations of slaves, with their talents, they have to search for these hard to find rainbow flame herbs.”

…

Standing on the peak, Luo Feng’s spirit energy swept past thousands of km around, clearly understanding the area.

“Over 1,000 km of area, a total of 8,219 civilians.” Luo Feng gazed down at the poor slaves, saying solemnly, “Only 12 of them are star traveller level, and the rest are student level normal people, and there are many surveillance devices about, every action they take is being monitored.”

“Slaves…” Luo Feng said softly, “My earth almost became a slave planet back then too.”

Dylan looked at him.

Sou!

Luo Feng flashed and instantly reached over hundreds of km, Dylan followed closely.


Chapter 696: God

Hundreds of km away on a flatland, there was a wooden house that stretched forever, it was built with a very commonly seen wood, the countless other wooden houses gathered together forming a tribe, with one look, this tribe probably had up to a million residents, it was a huge tribe.

“Look!”

“There’s a ship.”

“A ship is here.”

“The demon palace ship is here.”

The residents of the tribe all looked up and gazed into the skies, disc shaped ships tore through the skies and approached them, these ships were completely red, on their bodies were the logos of the flame wind organization, every one of them had a diameter of 100m, a total of 10 of them appeared in the air above, making the many residents of the tribe hide in their houses and look through their windows.

10 disc shaped ships gradually landed on the flatland.

Hua!

All the cabin doors opened.

1 person walked out of each ship, some as tall as 6m, some with fangs and huge mouths, some were only 1.2m, some with big beards and messy hair, thick powerful looking arms…these people, were all dressed in uniformed armor and their arms all had quantum computers.

“It’s the demons.”

“The demons are here.”

“Demons.”

The civilians all looked on with fear at the soldiers of the flame wind organization, every one of them took a disc shaped ship here, all dressed in alloy armors and carrying alloy weapons, equipped with quantum computers. These were invincible demons to the residents, even the strongest warriors in their tribe would be knocked down in one blow by them.

“Huge wood tribe’s leader?” The 10 flame wind organization looked coldly at the slave tribe, the leader had special black scales, he roared, “Ask him to come out and meet me.”

Hurried footsteps resounded.

Hundreds of people flew over swiftly, as they ran up to the flame wind soldiers, they all quickly knelt down, their heads touching the ground.

“Greetings demon.”

Hundreds all knelt there respectfully.

“Huge wood tribe, your collection of the Rainbow flame herb last year only hit 70%, there’s still another 30% to be submitted. Thus, according to the rules, 30% of your tribe has to come with us.” The leading demon soldier said coldly, “30% of your tribe would mean 1,213,682 people, have you prepared the namelist?”

“It’s already prepared.” Among the hundreds knelt there, an old man with a helmet said respectfully.

“Hm, hurry up.” The leader of the soldiers roared.

“Yes, yes yes.”

The tribe leader immediately gave the orders.

The entire tribe immediately rose up and hustled, all sorts of painful cries resounded throughout the tribe, every year, whenever their collection of the rainbow flame herb was insufficient, they’d have to sacrifice some of their tribe people. According to their numbers and percentage…they’d have to give the same number of people.

Those that contributed highly to the numbers could survive and even live their whole lives in the tribe.

Those that contributed lowly would be sent to the demon palace, eventually becoming a slave…sold to other families on other planets, their fates, naturally need not be mentioned.

“Father.”

“Big brother.”

“Ma Mai.” All sorts of cries could be heard throughout, however despite the huge numbers and struggle, countless years of habit had made them realize…it was pointless to resist, they could only follow the rules, 1,213,682 of the tribe gathered and walked towards the disc shaped ships of the demons.

Every ship had a diameter of 100m, their thickness were also 30m.

Enough to cram 30,000-40,000 slaves within.

A total of 48 ships came this type, enough to store over 1.21 million slaves, these civilians all followed the pathways of the ships, with the leadership of the robots within, they entered their chambers, cramming the rooms full. Every level could house up to 10,000 people, a total of 3 levels, they squeezed in 30,000-40,000 people.

As they entered their chambers, they all looked back unwillingly at their tribe.

Goodbye…close ones!

Goodbye…tribe!

“Haha, I didn’t expect your tribe to have a star traveller warrior.” The leader of the soldiers suddenly laughed loudly, with a flash he became a blur and flew towards the distance, straight towards a very normal looking wooden house, with a rumble, it immediately broke apart.

Within, a youth roared and waved a blade at the soldier.

The soldier extended his hand and broke the blade apart, immediately grabbing the shoulder of the youth, with his powerful genetic energy flowing, he made the youth shudder.

Sou!

The soldier seemed like he was carrying a little chicken as he dragged the youth, swiftly heading towards the ship.

“Dragon Lou!” The elder of the tribe and the others were shocked.

Dragon Lou was a true genius of their Huge wood tribe, his power grew very quickly and he could float in the air, one punch could decimate a mountain, however before the soldiers of the demon palace, he still had no resistance at all. Even using their tribe’s secret weapon…the soldier easily grabbed and broke it apart.

“Look at this punk, star traveller level 3, not bad.” The leader of the soldiers laughed loudly.

“Without any training manuals, he actually still reached star traveller level 3, captain, this punk can easily reach the star traveller if nurtured, he’ll sell for a lot next time.”

“Indeed he’ll sell well.”

The other soldiers of the flame wind organization all said the same thing.

“Demon, release him, we can replace him with other people from the tribe.” The elder head of the tribe said nervously.

The soldier raised his hand.

Rumble!

A formless genetic energy came down and the elder immediately imploded, fresh blood spewed in all directions, even the others standing beside him were affected, his blood and bones pierced right through their bodies, some with holes left in their bodies, dying beside him…

Silence, the other tribesmen were all shocked into silence.

“Your Huge wood tribe can get a new elder, he was too stupid.” The leader of the soldiers said coldly, “The last time your huge wood tribe produced a star traveller was over 800 years ago, I guess you’ve all forgotten the rules. Remember! We will take all star travellers produced, going against it means the tribe leader will die!”

“This punk can reach the star level if we train him, his worth would be over a million of you normal folk, you even want to exchange him for others, idiots.” The other soldiers all mocked.

Without any guidance or resources, being able to reach star traveller level.

With some guidance and pressure, he’d naturally reach star level, then he’d be able to sell for a high price. And these student level 1, 2 and 3 normal folk, they were cheap and not worth it. Even if a million of student level 9s were added together, it would only be worth about 1 star level 4 warrior, one could easily see the worth of normal people.

…

The flame wind soldiers all laughed loudly, the civilians were all terrified by their presence, looking at their people enter the ships, looking at the bodies and blood, they could only feel pain and fear.

Rumble! Rumble!

2 silhouettes suddenly descended and landed on the ground.

Silence!

The soldiers that were originally laughing casually seemed to suddenly choke, they all stared wide eyed at the sudden appearance of the 2. It wasn’t just them, even the civilians and members of the tribe all looked on with shock at them.

2 people, one in silver armor and boots, black short hair, his gaze cold. The other was a bald man in a black long robe, his gaze even colder and profound.

These 2, their formless pressure…

Caused all the tribesmen to shudder within, it caused the soldiers to be filled with fear.

The soldiers all knelt down, incredibly respectful, they were all soldiers from the universe, they’d at least have some perspective. They were clear that if the pressure alone was this terrifying…the 2 before them were definitely absolute warriors of the universe, at least universe level, maybe even stronger, how could they resist?

“A group of star traveller level 9? 1 star level 3?” Luo Feng’s cold gaze swept past the soldiers.

The tribesmen could all easily conclude…

This mysterious black short haired man, just the one in the silver armor…he was obviously much more terrifying than all the soldiers.

“We are members of the flame wind organization, why has this lord travelled to Bass planet, if there’s any matters, our great lord Klaus is currently here, we can report to him any matters you have.” The leading soldier’s forehead was perspiring profusely, speaking with fear.

The tribesmen of the Huge wood tribe all looked on with shock at this scene, that powerful soldier…he was so weak and small now?

That…

That mysterious black short haired youth, just what level of being was he?

“No need, I will personally go look for him.” Luo Feng said coldly, simultaneously his spirit energy passed through that leading soldier’s body and he began to search his soul, with Luo Feng’s control in his soul techniques, it was no weaker than a sector lord’s touch. Against a star level 3 warrior, a soul search was simple.

In an instant, he knew from the memories he searched through just how corrupt these group of scum were.

“All of you here!”

Luo Feng’s gaze swept past the ten soldiers, the soldiers of the flame wind organization, the ones called demons by the tribesmen slaves of Bass planet, they all looked on with fear.

“I sentence you to…death!” Luo Feng raised his right hand.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Tens of light beams shot out from his right hand, instantly landing on the soldiers, they all didn’t even have time to say anything as they stared wide eyed, suddenly “Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!” They all exploded open and became nothing but a mess. Their remains didn’t even fly out randomly, they were all left exactly at where they stood.

The tribesmen of the huge wood tribe all looked on with fear at this scene.

Easily killing a group of demons?

What power was that?

“God!” A person shouted from the tribe, immediately the rest all knelt down and shouted in unison.

“God! God! God! God! God! God!”

Millions all knelt down and shouted, rumbling through the skies.

Luo Feng and Dylan watched the scene.

“A warrior from the universe coming here and being called a god. The name god sure is worthless.” Luo Feng thought, however…In terms of strength, Luo Feng was truly akin to an undying, hence this title was something he was indeed worth.


Chapter 697: Demon Palace

The Huge wood tribe’s millions of tribesmen have been slaves and suppressed for countless generations, it could be said that the thought of the demons being invincible had been ingrained into their minds the moment they were born, it was already common knowledge. And now, there was a mysterious being that actually easily defeated 10 of them, it had left them completely stunned.

God, this was a god!

“It’s god.” The genius and number 1 warrior Dragon Lou knelt there, looking at the silver armored black haired youth and the black robed bald man, his blood boiling from within!

This, was the strength he was seeking.

A powerful sense of anticipation filled his mind, he knelt there and struck his head hard on the ground, after which he looked up and shouted loudly, “Dragon Lou is willing to serve the god, please… accept and take me in!”

“Hm?”

Luo Feng turned to look at the messy haired youth, a thought appeared in his head, “An absolute genius of a race, the number 1 race, I was the top genius back on earth back then too, however I was much luckier. I have the golden horned beast, the Yun Mo planet inheritance, all these helped me rise up in the universe, all this punk needs is an opportunity.”

“Luo Feng.” Dylan communicated, “You do not need to care about this punk, since the virtual universe company has given you the mission to deal with the Flame wind organization, then its obvious they want to get rid of it…after everything, the slave planets etc left behind, the company would naturally take care of them and make it so they won’t remain as slave planets.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Slavery was something many great beings disliked, the virtual universe company was clear on this, however as there were resource limitations and competition within the race itself, slaves had become a very common product, naturally they didn’t intervene. However the moment they got rid of some organizations, the slave planets left behind, the company would naturally not cash in on them but actually…help them become normal life planets.

“The virtual universe company will send people over to manage and help revitalize the entire planet, punks with talent like this Dragon Lou will also receive nurturing.” Dylan said.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng nodded and glanced at Dragon Lou, “This punk will have to depend on himself then.”

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng instantly became a beam of light.

Sou! Dylan followed.

The 2 vanished from the sights of the millions of Huge Wood tribe’s people, leaving behind them with their mouths gaping.

“What do we do, what do we do now? Now that the demons have been killed the demon palace will definitely be enraged.”

“We are in trouble.”

“The demon palace may take it out on us.”

The millions of tribe people were in a flurry, all extremely afraid, the many generations of being suppressed had ingrained in their minds that the demon palace was the strongest being out there.

“The god didn’t accept me, god…” Dragon Lou knelt there, somewhat lost, however after seeing the bodies of the Flame wind organization’s soldiers, he shuddered, “With the demon palace’s brutality, when they vent it on our tribe, we will all be killed, what do we do now.”

Cold sweat beaded from his forehead.

“Little punk, the demon palace will be destroyed, Bass planet will have an equal chance to develop like the other life planets, just wait for the members of the virtual universe company to come.” A voice resounded within his mind.

“It’s the god’s voice.”

Dragon Lou’s eyes gleamed and it seemed like he was filled with energy, after which he was curious, “The virtual universe company’s members will come to our planet? What is the virtual universe company? Will this company be able to defeat the invincible demon palace?”

If the top 18 executives of the Flame Wind organization had heard this words, they would probably all be shuddering in fear.

Demon palace.

The most terrifying place within Bass planet, the place countless slaves feared. Actually, there was a group of elite guards stationed here by the flame wind organization, it was made of 1 universe level and 50 star levels along with 5,000 star traveller level 9s, hence their strength on this planet was so powerful.

The rainbow flame herb was very valuable, and this planet was the core planet of hundreds around it, hence there was a universe level stationed here!

Universe level warrior, within a normal galaxy, he was already invincible.

…

Klaus of the 18 executives had brought his guard team to Bass planet. He treated it completely as a holiday place, staying within the demon palace, with many female and male staff sent over from the large amount of slave planets around, he led a carefree life.

The 18 executives all had their own temperament.

Klaus enjoyed the feeling of torturing slaves, hence he would frequently head down to the slave planets for periods of time.

The strongest Pan Xi of the 18, he was already sector lord level 3, he was very self disciplined, other than the occasional outburst, he spent most of his time on the minor planet Bei En, that was a cluster of minor planets that was impossible for normal people to survive, that was his training spot.

“Du…du…du…”

The ear piercing warning sound resounded throughout the demon palace, the palace that took up tens of km about a majestic peak was instantly thrown into chaos

“What’s going on? What’s happening?”

The leader of Bass planet was man with green fur and eyes, he looked like a wolf at first glance, he was the manager of Bass planet and the surrounding hundreds of other slave planets, Moza, a universe level 7 warrior!

“The executive is in my demon palace and an alarm actually goes off, he would definitely be enraged…” Moza was so scared cold sweat covered his body, simultaneously his arm quantum computer connected to the planet’s security system and through it, Moza clearly saw what had happened.

The 2 mysterious men, a silver armored youth, a black robed bald man, easily killing a team of his underlings. They had to be at least universe level

“They actually didn’t even alert the planet’s security system and entered the planet, these, these 2…” Moza was shocked, quickly rushing towards the core of the palace to alert Klaus.

“Lord Klaus.”

“Lord Klaus.”

Moza rushed towards the core.

Rumble…many silhouettes swiftly flashed through the palace, all dressed in uniformed blood red armor, their powerful energies spread out, these were all universe level 9 in strength they coldly looked at Moza, scaring him so much he didn’t dare move anymore.

“Moza, what are you doing?” The leader of the guards, a domain lord level 5 warrior looked on coldly at Moza.

“Lord.” Moza said with fear.” There are 2 mysterious warriors that have suddenly come to Bass planet, the planet’s security system didn’t even detect them, and one of my teams have already been destroyed.”

“There isn’t a power here in Cui Lang starfield that dares mess with the Flame Wind organization.” The vice captain said coldly, “Immediately send all the information in your quantum computer to the lord, you don’t have to go disturb him”

“Yes.”

Moza said respectfully.

The levels in the organization were very strict, the 18 executives were high above, as a power with sector lord strength, even though they weren’t in the top 10 of the Cui Lang starfield, they could still rank in the top 50! This was simply the superficial strength, such an organization, relying on a slave market and other dark methods to rise up…their background wasn’t that simple, hence the captain dared to say there wasn’t any power in the entire starfield with the strength to mess with the flame wind organization.

It was a pity, this was the virtual universe company sending its people.

Rumble!

In an instant.

A powerful silhouette rushed out, he was over 3m tall and powerfully built, his face was covered in a black beard, his eyes purple, a powerful energy emanated from him, this tall and sturdy man was one of the 18 executives of the Flame Wind organization Klaus, at this time, he said with shock, “Everybody separately take your universe ships and leave Bass planet.”

“Yes Lord Klaus.” Even though they were puzzled, they all simply complied.

Immediately!

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

Over 100 silhouettes flew through the skies out of the demon palace, almost all of them took out a c grade ship from their space rings, Klaus too took out a similar ship, obviously he wanted to lose himself amongst the crowd, making the enemy unable to determine which ship he was in.

“You think you can run?” A cold voice resounded.

Immediately countless glaring gold lights lit up the skies of the demon palace, these gold lights were little golden blades, countless blades swept past the skies and the c grade ships were instantly torn part, all falling from the skies like rain. Over 100 ships immediately crashed into the roof of the demon palace, decorations etc flew in all directions.

Klaus and his guard team all watched in fear at the scene.

After which they looked in the distance…

In the dark night (The demon palace and the huge wood tribe were at different ends of the planet, it was day at the Huge wood tribe and night here) Klaus and his guard team clearly saw 2 silhouettes floating in the night, a silver armored youth and a black robed bald man.

“Gre, greetings undying.” Klaus immediately knelt on one foot, saying with fear.

After hearing Lord Klaus speak those words, the guards were all filled with fear, all imitating him and kneeling.

“Greetings undying!”

Their voices resounded across the skies, and the true owner of Demon palace, the universe level Moza and his underlings all looked up and saw this scene. Their revered powerful Lord Klaus was shivering and kneeling with fear, undying?

My god.

“Greetings undying.” Moza knelt too, everyone about him did the same.

In the distant skies.

Luo Feng and Dylan began to chat.

“This punk sure has good sight, he can actually tell I’m undying.” Dylan laughed and said.


Chapter 698: Luo Feng’s Punishment

Klaus knelt in mid air and looked up at the two of them. He said respectfully, “Two Lords, I, Klaus, am one of the executives of the Flame wind organization. 5% of the shares belong to me, and I’m willing to give it all to you two. I also have some connections with a prince of the Ganwu universe country…”

“You mean the 7th prince?” Luo Feng gazed down at him.

Klaus was shocked.

There were many princes within the royal family, and as time passed, many had already died of old age with very few becoming undying.

Of which the 7th prince was one that became undying.

The flame wind organization did have connections with the 7th prince.

“He actually even knows this secret.” Klaus was shocked. Yet, he wouldn’t have expected that Luo Feng had already gotten incredibly detailed information from the Virtual Universe Company’s information department, easily knowing all of their connections. However…within the entire Ganwu universe country, as one of the 4 tycoon heads of the Ganwu department, probably only the Ganwu universe country leader could intimidate Luo Feng. He couldn’t care less about anybody else.

“May I know why you two have come to Bass planet? Whatever it is, I will definitely provide my assistance.” Klaus said respectfully.

“We came to judge you.” Luo Feng said.

Klaus’s expression changed immediately. He smiled wryly and said, “The two lords must be joking. I have never met you two before or created any grudge either.”

The guards around them were all shocked. The Klaus that they protected was considered as one of the highest standing people within the entire Cui Lang Starfield. He even had connections with the core of the Ganwu universe country. Klaus…was definitely a powerful person here. A single order would cause fear within countless planets, and with just one word, countless heads would roll.

This was Klaus’s power!

Just the number of slaves he controlled ranged up to the trillions, and the number of slave planets he owned went up to the tens of thousands too. He was extremely powerful, much more than many basic level civilization emperors. However, at this time, he knelt there in fear.

…

In the air above the demon palace.

Luo Feng said coldly, “3 domain lords, 101 universe levels, 49 star levels, close to 5,000 star travellers.”

All the members of the flame wind organization kneeling there were utterly shocked.

This was the strength of the organization there on Bass planet, of which the 3 domain lords and 100 universe levels were Klaus’s, guard captain, vice captain and 100 guards.

Rumble!

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed coldly. His formless spirit energy penetrated the 49 star level members’ minds, searching their souls! Luo Feng had already killed 1 star level soldier earlier at the Huge Wood tribe. These 50 soldiers were the ringleaders of the force stationed here on Bass planet.

After searching their souls, Luo Feng swiftly understood the 49 star levels and their 100 underlings’ situation, he also understood more about their leader Moza.

“Anita!” Luo Feng roared seriously, his voice resounding throughout the entire air above the palace. Immediately a star level lady amongst the others looked up curiously.

“Dai Er!”

A star level 9 soldier looked up.

“Fei En.”

A star level 9 soldier looked up.

“Cliff.”

Another star level 9 soldier looked up.

“Doug.”

A universe level 9 member kneeling in mid air looked up curiously.

5 names, the powerful silver armored man had shouted out 5 names.

“I judge the 5 of you…to be innocent.” Luo Feng’s gaze swept past the thousands of silhouettes. Whether it was the group of universe level soldiers kneeling in mid air or the many more star traveller level 9s below, they were all shocked.

“Everyone else…” Luo Feng smiled, his eyes flashing with bloodthirst, “Will be given a death sentence!”

“I’ll personally execute it!”

The moment his words left his mouth, the thousands around the demon palace were all filled with fear, many shouting out.

“Flee!”

“Disperse and flee.”

“Hurry.”

No one even thought of resisting, as they all chose to run. Luo Feng stood in mid air and said softly, “Blade world!” The dark golden long rod on his back shot out tens of millions of gold light fragments. Countless little gold blades interweaved with large amounts of law threads, instantly covering the entire area and forming a vast blade world, countless amounts of blade energy swirling within.

Under the pressure of the blade world, no one could run.

The 5 innocent parties were tossed out by Luo Feng’s blade energy. Dylan too stood outside, within. Other than Luo Feng, the controller, everyone else was sentenced to death!

“Lord, two lords, spare me.” Klaus realized there was nowhere to run, he quickly shouted in fear.

Luo Feng however became a blur and unleashed his teacher Bubu’s claw technique, 3,000 space. Within this blade world, Luo Feng chased and killed each and every warrior.

As his claws slashed through a person’s head, red blood spewed everywhere like overflowing wine.

As he slashed a person’s chest, the slash continued up to the neck and tore apart their heads.

Violent attacks, leaving their heads open like watermelons being smashed.

Hua, with just a wave, a person was torn in half.

…

Fresh blood flowed, and broken armors landed on the ground stained in red. The demon palace had long crumbled from Luo Feng’s occasional energy bursts. Parts of the palace were crumbling throughout. As for the bodies, some had scales while others had heavy fur, and at this time, the dead came in all sorts. The less severe ones simply had their heads cut open, while the more severe ones were struck by over 100 claws and howled in pain before dying. The other bodies were split in two, and some were torn apart with broken limbs and internal organs strewn about.

This was a blood world, fresh blood stained the entire ground.

“Madman, it’s a true madman, a bloodthirsty madman.” Klaus’s expression was pale. As he looked on in fear at the scene, he wanted to flee, yet he couldn’t break through the blade world’s pressure.

Death!

Thousands of them were all killed in just 5 minutes. Luo Feng had killed over 10 people every second, and some even received over 100 claws before they were killed.

Silence!

With the thousands within the blade world killed, only Klaus was left behind.

“Klaus, it’s just you left.” With a flash, a silhouette appeared before Klaus, it was Luo Feng.

Klaus looked on with fear at the silver armored youth. After massacring so much, even though this youth had fresh blood all over him, his expression was still ice cold, and even his gaze was ice cold. The only thing was…within his gaze there was a sense of mad bloodthirst, obviously the killing had triggered the blood thirst within his bones.

“How thrilling.” Luo Feng felt his soul moan, “Massacre sure is addictive.”

Howl…

The golden horned beast in the internal world raised its head and howled.

Man is fundamentally good in nature.

The golden horned beast however was fundamentally blood thirsty, it made Luo Feng that way from within his bones.

Klaus was filled with fear, “As a member of the Virtual Universe Company, I am but an ant to you Lord. I am not even worth the thought of killing.”

Klaus and the other guard members had already connected to the virtual universe network earlier when they couldn’t escape. However, they were shocked to realize that they all couldn’t connect, and disallowing the connections of people was something only the Virtual Universe Company had the power to do.

Hence, Klaus had guessed that this was a member of the company.

Luo Feng, who had changed his facial features made it so that Klaus would never have expected…this person before him to be the genius Luo Feng.

“You’ve guessed about the Virtual Universe Company?” Luo Feng looked at him.

“Lord, please spare my life, I’ll do anything.” Klaus said.

“Anything? Then…go and die.”

Luo Feng waved his right hand fiercely, it became a claw and slashed down from high above. Klaus fought hard before it, wanting to use his genetic energy blade to defend. However, Luo Feng triggered the space and gold laws within his claw…the claw smashed down on the blade and caused it to cut right into Klaus’s head.

Rumble!

Klaus was shaken so badly that his entire body crumbled, and even his bones were shattered. At the same time, the blade world and blade energy immediately destroyed his life core.

…

It had ended.

Luo Feng stood in the vast blade world, looking at the blood river around the destroyed demon palace. As he looked at the mangled bodies, he felt a sense of perfection with the scene. “What a heartwarming sight.” Blood thirst rose within his body and mind, as he wanted to continue killing.

“The blood of the golden horned beast and its effect on my soul has long entered my bones.” Luo Feng shook his head.

Rumble…

The blade world crumbled and countless gold lights returned to the dark golden long rod on his back, with a flash, he returned to Dylan’s side.

“You seemed to enjoy that a lot.” Dylan looked at Luo Feng. “I feel like you are more suited to the name Blood thirsty than even my teacher the Blood thirsty emperor.”

“Ha.” Luo Feng laughed.

His 3rd senior, was named bloodthirst emperor.

Luo Feng was different though, whether it was the massacre he did during the genius competition selections, or massacring in reality…he always maintained a state of ice cold. It was almost like killing was as normal as eating and drinking. Afterall most humans didn’t enjoy killing naturally, and very few could actually reach such a state.

“Let’s wait, the people of the Virtual Universe Company will come soon and collect Bass planet.” Luo Feng said.

“Hm.” Dylan nodded.

Luo Feng gazed down at the distant 5 innocent survivors, they were deemed innocent by Luo Feng. At this time they all looked on with fear at the blood river about the demon palace, it was a nightmare. They then looked up at Luo Feng, unable to imagine just how this silver armored youth could turn so terrifying the moment he unleashed his strength.

About half an hour later, a huge universe ship reached Bass planet. It was the Virtual Universe Company’s members coming to collect Bass planet.

The 5 survivors were passed on to them by Luo Feng, after which, he then left.

…

Sou!

The Yun Mo planet ship travelled within the dark universe.

“Luo Feng, from start to end, you kept your synchronized broadcast with the virtual universe network. They clearly saw your scene of massacre.” Dylan shook his head. “I didn’t expect you to not even use the blade energy to kill them, but to kill them personally one by one. Did it feel good?”

“Killing them personally felt better.” Luo Feng shook his head. “Let them see everything, I know myself…whatever I do, I’ll stay true to it.”

“The grandmaster probably favors you because of this.” Dylan smiled and nodded.


Chapter 699: Mysterious Pan Xi

Luo Feng had begun his massacre.

On Cui Lang planet within Cui Lang starfield, Luo Feng had killed all of Kevin and his guards, a total of 103 people had died, leaving none behind.

On the same day, he had reached Fu Di planet. Almost all of it had become Benedict’s private planet. He had hundreds of thousands of staff, tens of thousands of guards, and his power was heavenly. He lived carefree within his own palace. The massacre on Fu Di planet, Luo Feng had killed a total of 36,237 people. Countless people were shocked at the scene happening in front of them, Benedict himself was punished harshly. Luo Feng had used his blood shadow blade to slash him over ten thousand times before letting him die.

On the 4th day, Luo Feng reached Yi Wei planet, it was also the home of Le Ka, one of the 18 executives. Luo Feng killed Le Ka and his guards, a total of 103 people, one of which Luo Feng deemed innocent and let go.

…

On the 26th day, it was also the craziest massacre of the flame wind organization till date. This time it was on Dripping Planet.

It was a planet completely in the control of one of the 18 executives, Lee. This Dripping planet had incredibly tight security, it was a complete demon hell. This planet was also a favorite place to relax amongst the powerful among the Cui Lang starfield. All sorts of corruption could be seen here, it made these people addicted to the rush.

This time!

Luo Feng had killed a total of about 100,000 people including Lee and his underlings. A larger amount of them were taking their ships and fleeing, while these powerful people were massacred on a large scale, even their guard teams were madly killed. Eventually, even those people were killed. The entire dripping planet had become a blood ocean. Even the members sent by the Virtual Universe Company were shocked at the bloodbath.

During this battle, Luo Feng had killed a grand total of over 1.02 million people. His blood shadow blade…had killed everyone he had deemed guilty.

…

Among the 18 executives, Luo Feng had already killed 16 of them.

Wei Feng planet.

This was a planet with frequent howling winds. The normal civilians of the planet usually spent most of their lives cooped up within the city, and in the North west region of the planet, there was a luxurious planet that took up over 100km in area. The guards stationed there were over 10,000 in number. The slaves ranged in the tens of thousands, it was the true free and unfettered area of the planet.

“Why do you have to kill me? Why!!!” Amidst the bloody ocean in the palace, the 17th executive Pa Li Man De’s eyes flashed coldly staring at Luo Feng.

“You are guilty.” Luo Feng wielded his blood shadow blade and stood before him.

That formless blood thirst made him cower in fear.

Luo Feng’s massacre over this period of time had indeed reached an insane level, and he didn’t even bother to try and suppress it he wanted to clearly see…just how strong his blood thirst within was. Hence, he didn’t use the quickest killing methods which was to use his spirit energy weapon. Rather, he simply used his blood shadow blade to kill them one by one.

He had initially wanted to use only his hands, however the numbers were too huge, and his claw efficiency was too low, hence he decided to use his blade!

“I’m guilty? You are a member of the Virtual Universe Company, however you cannot slander me. I have lived here on Wei Feng star from a young age, alone, growing up and working hard. Even after joining the Flame wind organization, I never questioned their doings. Lee was in charge of the business side, and the entire fate is managed by the boss Pan Xi. As for the inhumane practices, I’ve never dealt in them. Then, why do you say I’m guilty, why?” He roared.

“When the flame wind first began, it faced dangers from all sides.” Luo Feng said indifferently. “Back then, the 18 domain lords killed all about, in order to gain portions of the market, and in order to make the powerful people fear you. In 3 short months, you all killed all the 621 powerful people, and their 32,193 underlings.”

Pa Li Man De was shocked.

“You all killed whoever stood in the way. And even though you never dealt in the dark dealings, you’ve allowed them to happen and still gain large amounts of profits from them.” Luo Feng said coldly, “You’ve never been the main dealer, however you have no right to say you are clean of them.”

Pa Li Man De choked.

“Even though you aren’t as dirty as others, however, you rely on these businesses to gain endless wealth. Hence, you deserve to die even more.” Luo Feng said coldly.

“I only relied on the Flame wind organization as a stepping stone to gain more resources to train.” Pa Li Man De howled.

Chi!

A blade flashed as Pa Li Man De stared wide eyed, after which he was split in half with his internal organs flowing onto the floor.

“Hmph.” Luo Feng flipped the blood shadow blade in his hand and sheathed it, after which he turned and left.

In the dark universe, the Yun Mo planet ship was flying.

In the control room, Dylan and Luo Feng sat there and sipped wine.

“After massacring, you specially pick red wine to drink.” Dylan shook his head.

Luo Feng lifted his glass. The red wine shone under the light, reflecting the desires of his heart, Luo Feng said softly, “Drinking wine after massacring sure is a nice feeling.”

“I can only sigh at your massacres.” Dylan shook his head. “If it weren’t for my experiences with my teacher and having seen his bloodthirsty ways, I probably won’t be able to get used to your massacres.”

“Those that should be killed, I kill. Those that shouldn’t, I won’t.” Luo Feng said.

Just like the 1st time on Bass planet, the detailed information of Klaus and his guards had all been provided by the Virtual Universe Company. As for the large amount of star traveller level 9s of the demon palace, Luo Feng had used his soul techniques to search their souls and understood their pasts.

Those that shouldn’t die, Luo Feng didn’t kill.

Those that were guilty, he killed them all.

“How do you judge who you should kill and who you shouldn’t?” Dylan asked with curiosity. “Are you so sure…that your judgement is right?”

If this question were to be given to a hundred people, there’d probably be 100 answers.

“Dylan, Among the people that I have killed so far, whom do you think I shouldn’t have killed?” Luo Feng asked in return. “If there’s no reason to, naturally I won’t kill them. I always kill with a reason.”

Dylan laughed.

Whatever anybody else thought of this was fine, Dylan was pretty satisfied with the answer. As he was an undying and he had battled in the outer region wars before. He was very clear…the race wars were brutal, as long as one was stronger than the other, that would mean he could kill him or capture.

There was no space for leniency! No retreat!

If humanity took a step back, and got weaker. The other races would get stronger and step forward.

In the long run, it would be a slippery slope down for the strength of humanity, as their regions would get smaller and hence…one couldn’t be soft.

The bloody race wars would make many of the weaker willed people go crazy and crumble within.

And these were only the normal scenes. Even those that self declared they enjoyed massacre, killing 100s was nothing. Truly killing means to kill tens of thousands to millions, even hundreds of millions of others, especially using all sorts of illusions and bloody battles in the wars. It was easy to be shaken by these type of killings, hence there were many that lost their minds and died within the battlefield!

“Understanding why you kill is very important.” Dylan nodded. “Even if your reasons are very simple, you have to have a reason within your heart and determination. If there isn’t any determination…when you enter the outer region wars in the future, and get messed up by the illusions and so on, it would be very easy to begin doubting yourself.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

The wars on earth alone would make many soldiers get mental illnesses and lose their minds.

Much less the outer region wars.

Two days later.

The Yun mo planet ship went through universe travel and arrived at the minor planets Bei En.

Within the control room, Luo Feng and Dylan gazed at the distant space, the little cluster of planets in distance were like messy stones all about.

“Pan Xi.” Luo Feng said softly. “The true soul and spirit leader of the Flame wind organization, who had even gotten the recognition of the 7th prince. Compared to Pan Xi…the other 17 were nothing but small fry.”

“Hm.” Dylan nodded.

The two looked through Pan Xi’s information, they couldn’t help but respect him.

His experiences were pretty legendary.

Pan Xi was born a slave. However, on the day before he was about to be implanted with the living microchip, he rose up and took over a life planet. After which, he commanded a large amount of underlings to take a ship and leave the slave planet, leaving a large hole in the slave force there.

After fleeing the slave planet, he first dispersed his underlings and obtained a universe civilian identity within Cui Lang Starfield alone.

Living on a normal life planet in the starfield and training for hundreds of years, he waited to show himself again. When he did though, he was already a universe level warrior. With his strength, he began to take revenge on the slave traders from back then, they had some strength too but were later destroyed by Pan Xi.

After which!

Pan Xi took control of his own slave trading ring and became a new slave trader!

With resources in hand, his power rose quickly and he later reached domain lord level. At this time, he contacted the other 17 domain lords and created an alliance! With the 18 of them together…they naturally took a greater control of the market. He had gone through careful consideration before picking his people.

Those with background, those that could fight, those well known in scheming, they were all elites.

With the Flame wind organization behind him, Pan Xi got a large amount of resources and established his power before training seriously. He bought techniques and had begun training and became the only one to reach sector lord level 3. Through his power, he even got to know the 7th prince, and along with the prince’s support, his network got even more terrifying!

He, was Pan Xi.

A slave that rose up to become a ruthless and formidable person, a sector lord level 3 warrior! One had to know that the number of sector lords within Cui Lang starfield was probably in the tens, and they mostly had teachers and guides, and among them were even undyings. Relying on himself and reaching sector lord level 3, this was unbelievable.

As the spirit leader of the Flame wind organization, he was recognized as its boss.

Pan Xi hardly ever enjoyed his luxurious life. However he secluded himself in training, staying within Bei En planet.

“This Pan Xi.” Dylan nodded and smiled, “I respect him.”

“I respect him too.” Luo Feng nodded and exclaimed. “Being born a slave with nothing, training hard to reach sector lord level now, it is indeed impressive. And training within these minor planets… willpower, ambition, methods, he has everything…”

“Right.” Dylan shook his head, “The only thing is he didn’t have was a bottom line to his methods. His brutality and ruthlessness had caused trillions to suffer. The Flame wind organization controls tens of thousands of slave planets, many universe civilians leading peaceful lives have had their families broken because of him. Trillions of them being enslaved and sold about, such dark methods…have finally made the Virtual Universe Company have to deal with him.”

Luo Feng shook his head within.

“Let’s go judge Pan Xi.” Luo Feng said.

Sou! The Yun Mo planet ship flew within the minor planet’s cluster…


Chapter 700: Sector Lord Level 9

Bei En Minor planets, they were a group of heavenly bodies that revolved about a star. A total of 209 little planets with the smallest having a diameter of 1.2km, and the largest at 898km.

The Yun Mo planet ship was flying amidst the planets.

“Searching through each of the planets, all of them have all been modified.” Babata’s piercing voice resounded throughout the control room. “They all contain many technological weapons, the entire area can be called an automaton fortress. Even the Cui Lang royal family’s fleet would be destroyed.”

“Cautious indeed.” Luo Feng gazed at the distant planets.

“Would he have been able to get to this level if he wasn’t this cautious?” Dylan smiled. “I have a feeling, this time won’t be as easy as your past 17.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng frowned.

The Yun Mo planet ship continued to fly and search through the planets.

“Signs of life detected.” Babata said. “On the 82nd little planet amongst the minor planets.

“Then let’s go.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed as he ordered.

…

That particular planet was ranked 3rd in size amongst the rest. It looked very normal from the surface, however as the ship drew close, the entire planet suddenly shook.

Rumble!

Rumble!

Rumble!

3 beams of light suddenly shot into space towards the ship. The ship maneuvered quickly to dodge, however it was brushed by one of the beams…the surface energy barrier rippled slightly without any damage.

Rumble! The ship too shot out a beam of light and it struck the distant little planet.

Rumble!

The little planet with a diameter exceeding 600km instantly exploded, countless fragments flew in all directions, revealing a dark purple blade like ship.

“E9 grade ship?” Luo Feng laughed, ordering, “Babata, ram it!”

“Yes!”

Babata replied happily.

The Yun Mo planet ship immediately accelerated, the triangular ship became a blood colored beam of light rushing towards the other ship. Whether it was, material, energy system, or the overall motors etc within, after the Virtual Universe Company’s upgrading, his ship far exceeded that of his enemy.

Rumble! Rumble! The purple ship seemed to panic as it shot out two beams of light before immediately trying to flee.

However in terms of acceleration…

The E9 alloy ship was like a tractor racing a Ferrari compared to the Yun Mo planet ship.

Hua!

As fast as lightning, and definitely impossible to dodge.

The Yun Mo planet ship instantly crashed into the purple ship. With its extremely sharp and piercing sides reinforced by the engravings, it was much more terrifying than when it was piloted by Hu Yan Bo back then! It was almost like a sharp blade slicing through wood, “Chi!” With a brush, it began to slice through the purple ship easily!

Hua La!

The purple ship was sliced clean in two The alloys warped as it got sliced, the energy system began to send out huge amounts of light.

“Who are you two?” A silhouette flew out from the damaged ship, floating amidst the remains, he stared at the Yun Mo planet ship.

Hua! The cabin door of the Yun Mo planet ship opened.

Luo Feng and Dylan flew out.

…

The two of them stood in space and looked at the man before them, this man was skinny, his eyes were like a wild wolf, filled with a sense of apprehension. However after he saw Luo Feng and Dylan appear, it instantly turned to despair.

“Undying, an undying actually came to capture me.” Pan Xi was filled with despair, after which he seemed unwilling to give up. Staring at the two of them, “I don’t think I’ve ever offended you two, and my presence here in the Bei En minor planets is an absolute secret. How did you two know? And what grudge do we have between us?”

“Absolute secret?” Luo Feng laughed.

Against the Virtual Universe Company, what absolute secret could there be? Simply checking his space coordinates from wherever he connected to the virtual universe allowed them to determine his position.

“Pan Xi, I’m here on the Virtual Universe Company’s orders to judge your flame wind organization.” Luo Feng said fiercely. Since he used his spirit energy as the medium, his voice resounded through the silent space. “The other 17 executives are all dead, you are the only one left.”

“Virtual Universe Company?” Pan Xi stared wide eyed with fear.

My god!

When he saw the two earlier, he still had some thoughts of fleeing, he was simply acting like he had given up. However, upon hearing the name of the Virtual Universe Company…he felt completely helpless! That was a leviathan that had the universe countries all in submission.

“No wonder I didn’t even get any news of my 17 executives being killed. So, it’s the Virtual Universe Company that arranged this.” Pan Xi stared at the two of them. Mocking, “The powerful Virtual Universe Company, when did it bother itself with a small figure like me and specially send people to deal with me.”

“Cut the crap.”

Luo Feng said coldly, “The true leader of the Flame wind organization is you. You have the biggest responsibility on everything it does, I now sentence you…to death! I’ll personally execute it!”

“Personally? Domain lord level punk, are you saying you’ll personally kill me, or saying…that the undying beside you will stop my movements and make me unable to defend before you make your move?” Pan Xi laughed coldly, he had originally thought of using the 7th prince as his trump card. However, after hearing the name of the Virtual Universe Company.

He knew…

He had to fight for his life!

“I’ll personally make my move alone.” Luo Feng stared at him, “The undying will definitely not intervene.”

“Ah?” Pan Xi’s eyes gleamed.

“Die!”

Immediately, countless gold lights shot out from the dark golden long rod on Luo Feng’s back. They covered the area instantly, endless blade energy interweaved and engulfed the hundred km area about them, powerful spirit energy controlling them…this blade world pressure was no weaker than a true sector lord’s world projection.

Simultaneously, Luo Feng wielded the blood shadow blade and became a blur, rushing at Pan Xi.

“Good, what an idiot, wanting to do close combat with me? My chance has come, as long as I can capture this arrogant punk alive, using him against the undying, I have a chance of fleeing.” Pan Xi’s eyes gleamed coldly, unleashing his world projection.

Rumble!

The blade world and the world projection clashed.

“7 illusionary blades…Burial!” Luo Feng immediately unleashed his strongest move of the blade techniques, infusing the presence of the Sky tearing claw into his move.

Rumble!

Rumble!

The both of them used blades and as the two worlds clashed, their blades collided as well.

Rumble…A formless invincible energy transmitted over.

“Ah!”

Luo Feng couldn’t withstand it, his right hand knocked back so hard that it shattered, his bones shattered and the blood shadow blade was knocked far away. Simultaneously the mysterious soldier armor and the cloud contact vine on the surface of his skin immediately stopped the rest of the attack.

Luo Feng was knocked away.

“Haha, you think you can flee?” Pan Xi’s face was malevolent, he waved his arm fiercely.

Hua!

Countless colorful vines shot out from his arm, instantly covering the surrounding area in all sorts of vines. The sturdy vines shot straight a Luo Feng wanting to wrap him within.

“Sector lord level 9 Metal Vine!” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

Metal vine.

A very normal plant life form, if one said that the cloud contact vine was a rare existence among the plant life, then this metal vine was considered staple goods and low cost. Same level and grade, but its power was much weaker than the other plant life forms. At most, it was comparable or a little better than a similar leveled human.

Normally, reaching star level 9 was their limit.

It was rare for them to reach universe level.

To nurture them till domain lord level, that was purely luck!

And for it to reach sector lord level 9, this, this was a miracle!

Dylan frowned in the distance.

“Cloud contact vine!” Luo Feng who was seriously injured gazed at the countless vines rushing over, immediately roaring.

Vines immediately shot out from his shoulders and waist, a total of 216 vines, everyone of them grew extremely long instantly. Each vine was sturdy and thick with many leaves, they instantly attacked the Metal vine.

Sector lord level 6 cloud contact vine against a sector lord level 9 metal vine!

The metal vine was cheap.

The cloud contact vine was rare, and to nurture it to such a high level of 216 vines, even at sector lord level 6, it could still easily kill a normal human sector lord level 6.

“Hua hua…” The vines clashed and attacked each other within tens of km in space. Without a doubt…the cloud contact vine had the advantage.

“Hmph.”

In the distance, protected within the core of the metal vine, Pan Xi’s eyes gleamed. He immediately pointed his left hand at Luo Feng, blood red leaves began to shoot out. In an instant, the area around where the two vines were battling was wrapped in red leaves. Blood red flowers began to bloom throughout, every one of them with a diameter exceeding 1 km, within one could even faintly see black cold teeth.

Sector lord level 9 Sha Luo flower!

If one said the Metal vine was staple goods and cheap, belonging to the lower class of plants, then this Sha Luo flower was one that was comparable to the cloud contact vine. The cloud contact vine was known for its swallowing and cell regeneration. As for the Sha Luo, it was a special plant that enjoyed swallowing blood of other life forms, it was known for its attack and swallowing strength.

Sha Luo flower, if distinguished by earth’s standards, could be considered to be a man eating plant.

“Sector lord level 9 Sha Luo flower?” Luo Feng’s expression changed. “How did he nurture 2 sector lord level 9 plants?”

“Ah…”

The Sha Luo flower’s ear piercing noise resounded from its flowers.

The many bright colored flowers instantly rushed towards Luo Feng, the huge flowers’ and their mouths crackled as it crunched its teeth, saliva drooling from within.


Chapter 701: Mad Explosions

Nurturing a plant life form was a very extravagant thing to do, like nurturing the cloud contact vine to sector lord level 9. Even if one scrimped on it, it would still require 10,000-20,000 mixed elements, and for one as high a level as Luo Feng’s the cost could reach up to 100,000 mixed elements!

100,000 mixed elements, just how much was that?

An undying general’s average wealth was only about 10,000 mixed elements, a human sector lord warrior’s average wealth was only at 10 mixed elements!

It may seem like the Flame wind organization was huge, owning so many slave planets. However, one had to know that one galaxy was usually not even worth 1 mixed element. Even the entire Black Dragon Mountain star field was worth only about 300,000 to 1 million mixed elements Luo feng’s expense on the cloud contact vine alone was worth the entire starfield!

One could only imagine the costs!

Without proper funding, it was best not to mess with the plant life forms. The more normal a plant life form was, like the metal vine with its limited capabilities as a universe level 9 metal vines was already rarely seen. For them to actually break through to domain lord or sector lord, the costs would be even more than that of the cloud contact vine evolving!

Metal vine reaching sector lord level 9! The costs must have been extreme!

Sha Luo flower reaching sector lord level 9! Obviously this was also a high leveled Sha Luo flower.

Nurturing the two must have cost over 100,000 mixed elements!

Even a normal undying wouldn’t be able to have such wealth.

“He is just the boss of the flame wind organization. For his wealth to reach tens of mixed elements alone should be considered not bad. How did he nurture two plant life forms?” Luo Feng was shocked. “And from the Virtual Universe Company’s information back then, Pan Xi relied on the metal vine to take over the slave planet. However, back then, it was only at star traveller level 9, who’d expect it to be sector lord level 9 now.”

…

“Sha Luo, capture him.” Pan Xi communicated mentally while controlling the sector lord level 9 Sha Luo Flower.

He had acquired the metal vine by chance when he was young, it was the crutch that changed his fate.

The Sha Luo Flower was something he bought when he grew to power. He nurtured it from young and was his strongest trump card.

As he had remained low profile all this while, even though he had used it several times before, he always killed off all his enemies. Hence, the fact that he had a metal vine and Sha Luo flower both at sector lord level 9 had been a secret, even the Virtual Universe Company’s information system couldn’t know.

No matter what, the Virtual Universe Company couldn’t reach the level of all knowing.

Just like how when Luo Feng chased down the 102 hundred million targets back then, with a few managing to hide in some desolate planets. Luo Feng was unable to locate them in the end.

The many bright colored flowers of the Sha Luo flower were as fast as lightning. In less than 0.001 seconds, they had passed over tens of km and were wrapping around Luo Feng.

Luo Feng dodged as quickly as he could, staring at the devil like flowers, simultaneously shouting mentally to Babata, “Babata! Quickly!”

“Coming!”

Rumble!

The Yun Mo planet ship that had been floating beside Dylan fiercely accelerated, the blood colored triangular ship, its sides alone were sharp enough to easily slice through a planet. Even against asteroids, it’s speed would hardly be affected.

F9 grade metal engravings support by the Virtual Universe Company!

How powerful was that?

Hua!

Hua!

Almost like a blade cutting through grass, as the ship flew at the Sha Luo flowers, they instantly spread open. The fully bloomed flowers were incredibly huge, easily swallowing up the entire Yun Mo planet ship. It’s dense sharp teeth bit down. However, after a while, it exploded open, as the ship had cut right through the flower while its speed was hardly even affected at all.

At 290,000 km per second, its terrifying speed pierced right through! Slashing through the plants!

As it brushed past, the Sha Luo flowers were instantly sliced apart, it let out all sorts of howls and the powerful ripples of noise resounded within space. One could visibly see these noise ripples warping the space about. The Sha Luo flower tried to dodge…however with its huge size, and the cloud contact vine wrapping about it, how could it?

The metal vine wanted to dodge too, however it was deeply entangled by the cloud contact vine.

Hua! Hua!

The Yun mo planet ship arced and slashed through large amounts of vines, heading towards Pan Xi.

“How can this…” Pan Xi stared wide eyed, almost in disbelief at the powerful ship.

Hu!

The metal vine wrapped about him tightly and tugged him strongly, allowing him to dodge the slice of the ship.

“Babata, continue!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed in space.

“Haha, understood.”

Babata continued to control the entire ship to rush Pan Xi down, this triggered a feeling of nostalgia for him, almost like when he had followed Hu Yan Bo back then. However compared to then, the ship now was much more powerful. While it’s slicing abilities were already astounding back then, slashing through asteroids like tofu, it was even stronger now after the Virtual Universe Company had upgraded it.

Its defenses were so powerful even an emperor level undying would have to work really hard to break through.

Normal undyings wouldn’t even dare get close to it.

Naturally…

Undyings had great dodging speeds. Actually, even sector lords could dodge very well, at least much faster than a ship’s dodging ability.

“Big trouble, his cloud contact vine is actually stronger than my metal vine, and the cloud contact vine is huge and extremely sturdy. Even if it cannot win against my Sha Luo flower, it can still hold it in place. The moment it’s restrained…both the metal vine and Sha Luo flower became targets.” Pan Xi’s expression changed.

Hua!

Hua!

The Yun Mo planet ship flashed past like lightning time and again. Its sides acted like a huge axe slashing through, as large amounts of vines were chopped off. Large amounts of flowers were chopped off, with the cloud contact vine restraining them, the two plants were completely demolished.

“Haha!”

“Gagaga.”

Babata’s piercing cackling laughter resounded throughout the control room of the Yun Mo planet ship.

After being sliced through many times, the two plant life forms were heavily damaged and their strengths greatly diminished. Afterall, they were both not reputable for their cell regeneration.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The automaton ship was summoned out by Luo Feng too.

The two ships together fiercely attacked and fired off at the plants, finishing off the already weakened Sha Luo flower and metal vine. With Babata’s precise calculations, the attacks mostly all landed on these two plants, hardly ever hitting the cloud contact vine.

Even if it was hit, while the cloud contact vine’s offense wasn’t as strong as the Sha Luo flower, its regeneration was much stronger.

…

After a flurry of attacks, especially with the automaton ship as the main force, with a force akin to a full undying’s attack, the Sha Luo Flower and the metal vine were blasted into nothing, along with Pan Xi within!

Over!

“It’s ended.” Luo Feng stood in space and smiled at the scene, simultaneously closing off the synchronized broadcast with the virtual universe network.

Mission complete!

“Waa…” Babata and his subsidiary AI controlled both ships and flew towards Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng, that was too thrilling, I haven’t felt like this in a very long time. This Yun Mo planet ship is seriously overpowered, its acceleration and instantaneous direction change is over 80% stronger than before. Along with the engravings on it, its slicing power is seriously absurd, slicing through the Sha Luo Flower and metal vine was too easy.”

Luo feng smiled, communicating mentally, “Upgrading the Yun Mo planet ship cost me 100s of thousands of mixed elements. And this is with my primal region member discount! Do you think their upgrade would be a joke?”

…

Luo Feng flew forward while communicating mentally with Babata.

After Pan Xi’s death, his internal world crumbled and large amounts of items floated about. Scanning with his spirit energy, Luo Feng didn’t discover any special items. However…he still kept everything within his world ring. Due to him having two sector lord level 9 plants, Luo Feng felt…that Pan Xi should have some secret.

“Dylan, mission complete, let’s go.” Luo Feng said.

“Using two ships and the cloud contact vine, your power was pretty strong.” Dylan smiled, “When your cloud contact vine reaches sector lord level 9, with its regenerative abilities, and sturdiness…normal sector lords would find it hard to free themselves from it. First, you constrain them and then use the Yun Mo planet ship to slice through them, hehe…”

Luo Feng laughed too.

Sou!

The Yun Mo planet ship floated in space and opened its cabin doors.

“Luo Feng, please enter the ship.” Babata’s voice was passionate as it resounded within the entrance.

“Haha.”

Luo Feng and Dylan laughed and flew in.

After entering the ship, Luo Feng finally checked his extravagant buy, the world ring with a diameter of over a hundred million km, the one he bought back then in Wu Long starfield.

The reason why a sector lord’s internal world was small was because their main core couldn’t withstand it.

And as one could use valuable materials to create the world rings, they weren’t limited to the main core, hence they could create huge worlds.

…

Within the world ring.

A vast land over a hundred million km, with the continent as the main center piece, the endless continent had rocks, mud etc. Of which a piece of mud was the mosha clansman.

Shua!

The piece of mud became a black energy flow and with a warp, it became a black clothed Luo Feng.

When Luo Feng was attacked back then in Wu Long starfield, he had pondered hard, as he needed to take the main core with him, hence…he finally thought of a plan. Buying an extra large world ring and letting the mosha clansman take the main core, changing to a piece of mud and hiding within the endless space.

Whether it was the space ring or the world ring, both had to be scanned with spirit, undying or world energy.

And the scanning radius depended on the person’s abilities.

For example!

In a world, a weak warrior could scan with his spirit energy several hundreds of km, while the strong could scan 100s of thousands of km. It all depended on their strength.

Only two places allowed for easy limitless scanning.

One was an internal world.

The second was the god country!

Scanning one’s own internal world, with a thought, one could easily scan the entire area.

Scanning one’s god country, it was similar to the internal world.

And the world ring was an independent world. Even if Luo Feng entered this world, he’d have to rely on his spirit energy to scan it well.

A world with a diameter of one hundred million km.

The bigger the world, the higher the gravity.

The higher the gravity, the smaller the scanning radius!

“If I encounter an enemy I cannot defeat, and the earth body is killed, I’ll pretend like I was killed. Even if they acquire the world ring and scan it properly! With such terrifying gravity, and the same level of strength, they’d probably only be able to search 1/10,000 the area compared to the area on earth.” Luo Feng thought, “One hundred million km in diameter, only a knight would be able to search through it all.”

“And such a rough scan wouldn’t be able to detect the mosha clansman’s transformation. Only through deep scanning of every stone, every grain of sand…hehe, a world with a length and width of one hundred million km, to carefully scan through everything, it wouldn’t be easy at all.”

“As long as they didn’t know my secret beforehand, who’d know I’d be hidden within?”

Changing into a piece of mud within such a large world.

Who’d expect it?

Who would be able to find him?

“Hm, let’s see just what Pan Xi had. I feel that he should have some secret.” Black clothed Luo Feng looked at the distant flat lands, large amount of items were placed messily over there, it was all the items he had just collected.

…

Black clothed Luo Feng stood on the land surrounded by a mess of items, some were rather valuable. However, how high was Luo Feng’s perspective?

“All of these items added together wouldn’t even be worth 20 mixed elements.”

“Seriously!”

Luo Feng shook his head and scanned 3 items.

Two space rings and one world ring.

“There might be something in the rings?” Black clothed Luo feng picked up a world ring and carefully scanned it, but was not able to discover anything.

“Could it be in the space ring, or did he really not have any secrets?” Luo Feng pondered. He carefully scanned the two space rings. The two rings were small within, one of them with only a diameter of several hundred meters while the other was even smaller with a diameter of only 100m.

After searching, he discovered nothing but small items within.

“Damn.”

“I’ll put everything in my internal world and scan them.” Luo Feng thought, immediately retrieving all the items in the two space rings and one world ring.”

After which he placed them in his internal world.

In his internal world, he was the dictator!

“There’s really something special after all. I thought it was just large amounts of useless things, and this was just a very normal card. If it weren’t in my internal world, it would be extremely hard to find anything special about it!”

Black clothed Luo feng’s eyes gleamed, immediately entering the internal world, allowing the main core to revolve about and float about in the world of the world ring.


Chapter 702: Luo Ke Holy Water

Internal world.

Black clothed Luo Feng stood amidst the large amount of items. In his hand, he held a well carved silver card. Even though he had checked through Pan Xi’s items in the world ring before, it was impossible for him to detect anything special. However, in his own internal world, he was the king within. Hence, his sensing abilities were much stronger, he immediately detected something different about this silver card…

“This is actually a card that stores a world within, I didn’t even feel it before, what exquisite craftsmanship.” Black clothed Luo Feng exclaimed softly.

Chi!

A thread of his world energy forcefully invaded that silver card. Within it even held a part of Pan Xi’s memories, however without Pan Xi himself to support it, it was but a memory. It was quickly broken through and Luo Feng left his imprint within.

Luo Feng’s world energy entered the silver card’s world.

This was a tiny world with an area of only about 100km, other than a flat land and a river in the center of the world with a diameter of about 10 km, there wasn’t anything else. The water was ice cold and cold air filled the entire world.

“What’s this?” Black clothed Luo Feng frowned.

The entire world, under careful examination seemed very normal, the continent was normal, but only the river seemed special.

However Luo Feng couldn’t recognize it.

…

“Babata!”

“Babata!” Black clothed Luo Feng’s consciousness connected to his own space ring and called out to Babata.

Other than the earth body itself which had Babata in him, the Yun Mo planet ship, black clothed Luo Feng, golden horned beast and the automaton ship all functioned with the AI that Babata had created. This subsidiary AI could be said to be Babata’s clone, Babata could control it.

It had all of Babata’s stored memories, only it lacked a living quality, it could only be considered the best of AIs.

Of course!

Normally when Luo Feng was in the Yun Mo planet ship, Babata’s main body would enter the ship and take over the control of the ship.

“Master.” The AI said very respectfully.

“Come scan this, have you seen a river like this before?” With a thought, black clothed Luo Feng’s consciousness entered the world.

Cold!

Even though he was an energy life form, he still shuddered slightly. This 100km area world was extremely cold, and the cold air all emanated from the river.

“Hm?” Black clothed Luo Feng suddenly felt a lot more comfortable, his life crystal seemed to have been provided some warmth.

“Master, I’ve seen this before.” The AI shouted excitedly.

“Ah?” Black clothed Luo Feng asked, “What is it?”

“This is Luo Ke Holy water.” The AI said. “Back then, the master had taken part in an auction, of which 1 cubic km of Luo Ke holy water was auctioned. Back then it was stored in a small world bracelet, I even remember its selling price was 8.9 million mixed elements.”

Black clothed Luo Feng stared wide eyed.

My god!

8.9 million mixed elements? 1 li km?

“Pan Xi!” Black clothed Luo Feng turned fiercely and stared hard at the river, carefully scanning the entire area.

It’s shape wasn’t exactly round, it’s largest diameter was 16.2 km, and the smallest at 10.3km. Also, the depth of the river was 3.2km. With black clothed Luo Feng’s scanning abilities, he instantly measured it’s entirety accurately. It was also the entire amount of the Luo Ke Holy water…712 cubic km!

How much was that?

According to the auction price, how much was it worth?

6.337 billion!

“6.3 billion mixed elements?” Luo Feng was stunned, completely stunned.

Was this a treat from heaven?

A beggar had suddenly found a gold mountain?

A punk from earth was suddenly informed by the Ganwu universe county’s leader…you are my long lost son, I’ll give the entire universe country to you!

It was this exact feeling.

Stunned!

“6.3 billion mixed elements, my god, I’ve really struck it rich. This is truly a huge fortune.” Black clothed Luo Feng roared within.

“Luo Fu Qi board?”

“Yun Mo planet ship?”

“Void flame gold?”

“Purple 100 net leaf?”

Black clothed Luo Feng shivered. The wealth from before all added together was only about 10 million mixed elements. This was akin to a normal official level undying’s wealth. Even if the soldier armor he acquired was very expensive, it was not usable by others. The rest of humanity probably couldn’t use it. However this Luo Ke holy water was different, it was something that went through auctions in humanity.

1 li km, that alone sold for 8.9 million mixed elements!

This river of his was worth over 6.3 billion mixed elements!

“Luo Ke Holy water, it’s named after a legendary being of humanity Luo Ke from an extremely ancient time when the universe had just been born.” The AI explained, “Back then he discovered this water unexpectedly. He found out that it had extraordinary life energy, it can be used to nurture plant life forms and heal the body. All in all, anything that can absorb life energy can use it, it has many uses, hence its price is also very high. The level of life energy it contains is extremely high, much more powerful than a life fruit. It has a very good effect of undying plant life forms, hence many undyings want to buy it.”

Black clothed Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed as he nodded, almost like a chicken pecking at rice.

Fortune.

He had struck it big.

A normal official level undying’s wealth was only about 10 million mixed element, even an official pinnacle, probably only had 1 hundred million mixed elements max.

6.3 billion mixed elements, how much was that? That was probably all of an emperor level undying’s wealth! Of course for a being like True Yan that was close to becoming a knight…he was much more wealthy than normal emperor level undyings. To True Yan and Sky feather emperor, they wouldn’t even flinch when tossing out treasures worth over millions of mixed elements.

“Master.” The AI said respectfully. “Your treasures from before are mostly items used by official level undyings. This Luo Ke holy water however…is already the depths of an emperor level undying.”

“The depths of an emperor level undying?” Luo Feng laughed.

This was a good comparison.

At different levels of strength, the difference was stark. A powerful emperor level undying could easily decimate a group of official level undyings, and the wealth they could acquire was also shocking. Naturally, they had extreme amounts of wealth! However even so, many emperor level undyings would probably have to take everything they had to buy this river of Luo Ke holy water.

“Hahaha…” Black clothed Luo Feng laughed loudly, “Looks like we cannot underestimate normal people at all.”

“Even though Pan Xi was a big slave trader, he seemed normal, and many official level undyings wouldn’t even give him a second look. Who’d have thought, he had Luo Ke holy water?” Black clothed Luo Feng laughed loudly. “He sure was cautious, even the Virtual Universe Company didn’t know he had such a thing!”

The vast universe was extremely mysterious.

It had countless life forms, those with such encounters were definitely plenty.

If Luo Feng could have such things, others naturally did too!

Pan Xi did have such a miracle. Actually, he himself didn’t know that this was Luo Ke holy water, however as he used it to nurture his Metal vine, he was shocked to discover that it helped it evolve too easily. It evolved at an alarming rate, finally stopping only at sector lord level 9. And the amount of Luo Ke holy water he used on the Metal vine was but a small portion of it.

After which he used it to nurture the even more powerful Sha Luo flower, easily making it reach sector lord level 9!

He immediately understood…

This Luo Ke holy water was a treasure!

It took tens of thousands of mixed elements for a Sha Luo flower to reach sector lord level 9. However, he simply used a small bit of the Luo Ke Holy water and it did the trick. How much would the entire river be worth? Thinking of such a huge sum…he naturally felt fearful, he was clear that if he revealed just a little of it, the powerful undyings, even the maybe the Ganwu universe country leader may act on him.

He was fearful!

Hence he hid it well and remained low profile, he kept it as his true trump card when he evolved. He also occasionally sipping some as he trained, speeding his training up. Hence even without a teacher, he was still able to breakthrough to sector lord level. This was the miraculous use of the Luo Ke Holy water.

“There are many miraculous encounters in the universe!”

“And the treasures are different in levels too. When I acquired the Yun Mo planet ship, the Luo Fu Qi board, the Purple 100 net leaf etc, they were all official level undying treasures. And now this…is truly a top class emperor level undying treasure.” Black clothed Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, “6.3 billion mixed elements, billions!”

He couldn’t help but get more excited as he thought about it.

…

Within the Yun Mo planet ship.

Luo Feng sat in his resting room, he couldn’t help but smile excitedly.

“I’ve struck it rich.”

“When I got lucky before, it was mostly in training. Like getting the beast god statue etc, these were all treasures I worked hard to get. And this, is truly good luck…almost like a treat from the heavens. My god, I never expected to have such a day. Haha…” Luo Feng was extremely pleased and carefree.

How carefree?

“With this river of Luo Ke holy water, I will have deeper pockets. I’ve been spending so much, without earning anything. Sooner or later I’d be left with nothing.” Luo Feng smiled. “Now however, with this river…”

“Hm.”

“Cloud contact vine.” With a thought, he immediately placed the cloud contact vine within the world ring.

After which he kept the vine within his internal world.

After that, he placed it within the little world’s Luo Ke Holy water river.

World within another world…

“With this river, it’ll be very easy for the cloud contact vine to reach sector lord level 9. Luo Feng thought. “Hm, however it won’t be that easy to breakthrough to undying! Otherwise, after so many years, Pan Xi’s metal vine and Sha Luo flower would long have broken through to undying. However with the help of this holy water, it’ll probably help the cloud contact vine’s chances a lot more in breaking through.”

Luo Feng was extremely elated.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng.” Babata shouted, “There’s mail.”

“Mail?” Luo Feng was stunned.

Ah.

Looks like there was an outcome from the completion of the 1st level of the highest point mission.


Chapter 703: Knight’s Visit

Luo Feng connected to the virtual universe network.

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang mountain’s primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

“Teacher?” Luo Feng was shocked to see a silhouette within his living room, it was the golden armored ape man True Yan emperor. When True Yan saw Luo Feng, he smiled, “You’ve finally come.”

“You are looking for me teacher?” Luo Feng asked curiously.

Babata who sat on Luo Feng’s shoulder said with his piercing voice, “Luo Feng, the mail was sent by your teacher.”

“I sent the mail to get you to come into the virtual universe as fast as possible.” True Yan said.

Luo Feng smiled, “I have to say, I just killed Pan Xi, just completing the 1st level of the Highest points mission, I was shocked after receiving mail…I thought that the verdict of the mission was out that quickly, it’d probably have to take some time after all.”

“You’ve finished the 1st level?” True Yan frowned.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Tell me.” True Yan ordered.

“Yes teacher.” Luo Feng explained the entire mission to him, without withholding any information about his methods.

“You’ve killed quite a bit.” True Yan smiled, “Very much like my style.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

“Domain lord highest points missions are set to test the character.” True Yan, as one of the upper level members of the virtual universe company, even though he wasn’t the true top level, he was still clear on many things, he smiled casually and said, “Afterall, they can’t spend their resources on nurturing just any genius, especially if one doesn’t have any beliefs, are extremely selfish or will be a liability in the future in the outer region wars or secret regions.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“The entire mission has to be synchronized online, they will judge your gaze, your every word, how you deal with the small members, how you punish the big figures, etc studying every bit of you.” True Yan smiled, “They’ll finally determine if you are fit to be nurtured, many absolute geniuses are judged from the 1st level completely.”

“Teacher, do you think my 1st level will be able to pass 80% completion?” Luo Feng asked.

“It’s hard to say.” True Yan said.

“Hard to say?” Luo Feng was curious.

It’s because I don’t know who is in charge of judging you.” True Yan shook his head, “There are many amongst the top echelon of the virtual universe company, everyone has different characters, if it were your senior Bloodthirsty emperor, he would probably give you a high score. However some of them dislike geniuses who massacre so much, they might give you a lower score, after all, you did kill quite an absurd number of people this time. Over 1 million, and your methods were vicious, it’s obvious there’s blood thirst in your bones…some upper echelon members may dislike that.”

Luo Feng was speechless.

So what if they disliked it, it was him!

“Teacher.” Luo Feng didn’t want to think anymore about the mission, he smiled and asked, “Is there something you need from me?”

“An extremely important matter.” True Yan’s expression grew serious.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“Let me know, other than Yan Zhu, have you messed with any important people in the Huge Axe dojo?” True Yan carefully analyzed Luo Feng’s gaze.

Luo Feng was stunned.

“No.” Luo Feng shook his head, “I’ve had some trouble with Yan Zhu, you know that well. As for others…I really cannot think of anyone else big that I’ve had issues with.”

“Then that’s strange.” True Yan frowned.

“Why?” Luo Feng asked, feeling nervous.

True Yan said seriously, “An absolute being of the Huge Axe dojo…a being even more terrifying than Yan Zhu’s father Shi Huo knight… Undying knight! He went through me to get your contact, and personally wishes to contact you.”

“Undying knight?” Luo Feng was stunned, “Who is he?”

Undying?

This title sure was intimidating.

“Undying Knight is a true member of the upper echelon of the Huge axe dojo, he’s lived a much longer time than Shi Huo emperor. The title undying, means his ability to survive is incredibly strong, over long periods of time he’s experienced many life or death situations and yet he’s still alive. As for his strength and position, it’s definitely comparable to the Tian Shi palace leader of our virtual universe company.” True Yan emphasized.

Luo Feng took a deep breath.

Undying knight?

Meeting him personally, he hadn’t even heard of this person before, why would he want to meet? And he was the upper echelon of the huge axe dojo, if it were the virtual universe company, it could be one that liked geniuses…however the other leviathans, they wouldn’t do this. Even if they wanted disciples, they’d have to go through the virtual universe company’s internal upper management to do so.

“Undying Knight’s teacher is the pinnacle of humanity.” True Yan emphasized, :The creator of the Huge Axe dojo!”

Luo Feng opened his mouth but no words came out.

The creator of the Huge Axe dojo?

“The creator of the Huge Axe primal chaos tablet?” Luo Feng asked even though he knew.

True Yan nodded.

One of Humanity’s treasures, the 52 chaos tablets, of which the Huge Axe tablet was ranked 1st, it had a total of 32 levels on the heavenly bridge, and the 2nd Universe tablet had 30 levels. Luo Feng trained in the 9 universe tablet that only had 27 levels! One could see the power just from the tablets and their levels.

To leave behind a tablet, one had to be an absolute pinnacle being. The Huge axe tablet was ranked 1st!

And the huge axe dojo and the virtual universe company were both the 2 most powerful existences in humanity, the creator of the Huge Axe dojo…that level of power, one could only imagine. For True Yan to call him a true pinnacle being of humanity, it wasn’t hard to understand.

“Damn.” Luo feng’s heart raced, his mind was in a flurry, “Power akin to Tian Shi palace leader, one of the top of the Huge Axe dojo, his teacher is an even more terrifying being. Why would such a powerful being even want to meet me, such a small figure?”

Luo feng was very clear on his position.

There were many geniuses, the absolute geniuses from the past 10,000 eras, during that same amount of time, another 10,000 such geniuses could be born. And the universe had been around for an extremely long time, who knows how many absolute geniuses have been born, with miraculous encounters and all. Those that were able to survive to become a knight were extremely few.

Undying knight probably didn’t even care about True Yan, much less himself.

“Meet me?” Luo Feng was even more puzzled.

“Since you haven’t messed with anyone, and have no connection to him, I can relax.” True Yan laughed carefree, “Go on with your life and await his call.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

His teacher left, leaving him alone in his study waiting patiently.

Fear?

Curiousity?

It was like if a normal person on earth was informed…by the president of America or china that they’d both come specially to meet him.

…

Every second felt like a year, Luo Feng didn’t know whether he’d have to wait for a day, a month or a year before Undying Knight would call him.

…

3 seconds after his teacher left, he got a call request.

“Anonymous number.” Babata said.

“Connect.”

Luo feng quickly stood up and pointed in mid air, a huge screen appeared and ripples and blurry waves filled the screen, powerful pressure emanated over from the screen, engulfing the entire study, Luo Feng couldn’t even resist it as he quickly bowed over, unable to lift his head.

Suddenly, an ear piercing strange laughter resounded, almost like glass scratching against a black board.

The pressure finally diminished.

Only then did Luo Feng lift his head and look at the silhouette on the screen, he seemed dressed in a weird armor, one couldn’t even say it was armor, it was like a blur of vines that formed it, countless vines that wrapped about him, his eyes glowed green. Luo Feng had only just met eyes with him before he fell into an endless nightmare illusion.

Countless demons howling making him unable to resist, in an instant, they devoured him.

“Ah.” Only then did Luo Feng awake.

“Wawawa…” The strange laughter resounded from the silhouette behind the countless vines, shaking the space about.

“Even through a screen, he easily shook the virtual universe space, able to trap me in an illusion.” Luo Feng finally felt the power of this absolute being, even though his willpower was sturdy, it was still like a blade against an endless swamp.

“Little punk, your willpower is not bad.” The strange laughter resounded.

“You are?” Luo Feng asked respectfully.

“Me?” The strange sound rose fiercely, “I am the great Undying Knight, you can call me Undying Knight, remember, it’s Undying Knight. Not just Knight!”

Luo Feng was shocked within.

Is this undying knight mad?

“Greetings Undying Knight.” Luo feng bowed respectfully.

“Hm.”

His green eyes gleamed in the screen, scanning Luo Feng, suddenly he madly waved his armor, countless vines shook before he said satisfied, “Little punk, you are the leader of the milky way galaxy, earth’s leader right?”

“Ah… yes!” Luo Feng reacted.

“That’s good.”

The weird temperamental undying knight laughed strangely, “I want to buy the milky way! Sell it to me, you can say any conditions, as long as I can, I will agree to it.”

“Milky way?” Luo Feng was stunned.

A small galaxy…this was a true upper echelon member of the huge axe dojo, something that wouldn’t appeal to this undying knight. Afterall, with his ability, building a universe country wasn’t exactly a hard thing to do.

“With undying knight’s ability, you can acquire the milky way galaxy, anytime.” Luo Feng said.

“The 1,008 universe countries have their authorities, put in place by the 5 leviathans together, I cannot mess with that.” The countless vines on the screen shook, undying knight laughed strangely, “Hence I will buy it very normally, you are the leader, as long as you sell it to me, it’ll be over. Quickly, will you sell or not! My time is precious, I don’t have any to waste on you.”


Chapter 704: Delivery

Luo Feng felt a formless pressure. The one talking to him was a true absolute being of the universe, an undying knight, and he had a weird temperament. The moment he was angered, calamities would occur. Luo Feng was but a small little ant compared to him. Simply relying on his connections alone, this undying knight could easily kill off Luo Feng without a trace.

“Undying knight.” Luo Feng stood before the screen and bowed respectfully. “Great sir, would I dare to not sell you the milky way? I’m willing to give you all the planets in the milky way for free, however I wish to retain my home planet earth.”

On the screen, undying knight was stunned. He blinked for a while, as his green eyes were filled with a sense of helplessness. He rubbed the greenish black vine by his ear before his piercing voice resounded again, “You are interesting. However, honestly, I wish to buy only the planet earth in this milky way, I’m not interested in any other planets.”

Luo Feng who stood there respectfully was taken aback.

Wanting to buy earth?

“Why?” Luo Feng asked, “This small little earth is but a normal life planet, why do you want to buy it?”

“I naturally have my reasons.” Undying knight seemed restless. The surrounding vines wrapped together as he roared, “Will you sell or not!”

Luo Feng took a deep breath.

He bowed respectfully before emphasizing, “Undying knight, there are a trillion races within humanity itself, and the humans of earth belong to one of them. Just like the home of the Manka people is Manka planet, earth is the home to our earth humans. For my home, my comrades are all willing to die. Please forgive my disrespect, great undying knight…I cannot sell my home to you!”

After which, Luo Feng bowed again, awaiting undying knight’s answer.

Silence!

In the screen, undying knight’s green eyes gleamed, staring hard at Luo Feng. His formless pressure getting stronger and stronger, passing through the screen and pushing down Luo Feng’s body. It caused his body to begin to crack, with loud pops, Luo Feng’s leg broke apart and he was forced to kneel.

Still, he remained silent and waited for an answer.

“Wawawa…”

“Cackle…”

A weird enraged laughter resounded from undying knight’s throat.

Among those that were familiar with him, how many dared to go against him? Amongst the knights in the Huge Axe Dojo, even though many had weird temperaments, they couldn’t compare to undying knight’s strangeness. He was proud and moody, and he enjoyed exploring dangerous universe secret regions, the more dangerous they were, the more he enjoyed them.

Even the great knights, in some universe secret regions, had to prepare for quite awhile, inviting some help before carefully exploring the areas.

Undying knight was completely different.

He took these dangerous places as a game. Frequently visiting the dangerous spots, exploring the terrifying regions, even the knights, at their level, if they explored these areas unprepared, sooner or later, they would fall. Undying knight however just didn’t die.

His survival ability was very strong. Even the bug and automaton clans along with other powerful races knew, that there was a weirdo undying amongst the humans. Even within the many secret regions…he would find a way to survive.

He didn’t open a universe country!

Not building his own sect and army! He didn’t fight for power or status!

He believed those were beneath him!

As proud and arrogant as he was, he would even scold other knights, and was extremely arrogant. He enjoyed taking risks…no matter how powerful his opponent was, he would still challenge them! Hence after knowing that this undying knight wished to speak to Luo Feng directly, True Yan was so scared he had to talk to him first, asking if Luo Feng had offended anyone close to undying knight.

“What guts, you actually dare to go against me.” Undying knight’s voice pierced through Luo Feng’s ears, his eyes like 2 cold blades, piercing straight into his soul.

In the screen.

Luo Feng knelt there and said respectfully, “Selling my home, selling my earth comrades and land, I simply cannot do, please forgive me.” Undying knight stared at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng patiently awaited.

Deadlock…

1 second, 2, 3…10 seconds…

A total of half a minute.

“Ha, hahahaha…” Undying knight’s laughter changed yet again. It made one’s hair stand on end. “Punk, you sure got guts. Don’t you know that by angering me, I can easily kill you, getting rid of little geniuses like you is too simple for me.”

“I know.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

As he chatted with undying knight, Luo Feng had already thought of all sorts of methods to deal with the situation. Unless he was forced on a path with no return, he would definitely not sell earth!

The moment it became undying knight’s territory.

Whatever he did on earth, Luo Feng would have no power to intervene. Earth was the home of the earth humans…selling his home and leaving his comrades no place to return to, this was something he couldn’t do.

Hence!

Luo Feng had thought it through, no matter what, he was an absolute genius of the Virtual Universe Company. And even though that undying knight had an extremely high position and strength, he was still from the Huge axe dojo.

If he wanted to kill Luo Feng, that would be a disrespect to the Virtual Universe Company, and it would invite trouble for himself.

The chances of Undying knight killing Luo Feng was very low.

Of course…

With such a weird temperament as his, Luo Feng couldn’t fully guess what would happen. Undying Knight could actually make a move to kill him, that was extremely simple for someone like him.

“If I don’t sell him my home, he would want to kill me. Then…I would have to let Dylan immediately take me and teleport through his god country to earth.” Luo Feng thought. Earth was his home, to rush home to earth as quick as possible, Luo Feng had let Dylan place an item as a marker there.

“After returning, I’ll immediately keep earth in my internal world.” Luo Feng thought.

There were indeed instances when a planet was placed in another world.

Luo Feng’s internal world was big enough, it could withstand it. Just like the Manka planet was kept in a god country.

“Anyway, a few hundred years ago, earth still hadn’t melded with the universe, they can still lead a happy life there. It’s actually even safer within my internal world.”

“Also!”

“My earth body will immediately head towards the Virtual Universe Company’s primal region. The mosha clansman will take the main core and becoming a normal human, hiding in a distant universe country’s life planet. With its cloning abilities, it wouldn’t be discovered if it hid in those planets with mostly only star levels.”

“When that happens, if undying knight wishes to kill me, he’d have to head to the primal region. I’d really like to see if he’d dare rush into the primal region and attack. If he succeeds, the powerful members of the Virtual Universe Company would be better off dead. It is the primal region after all! If they are killed by undying knight, I can totally give up on the Virtual Universe Company too.” Luo Feng thought. “Even if he kills the earth body, my true strength is not affected at all.”

This was Luo Feng’s plan.

No big deal.

Either the fish dies or the net breaks!

If such a situation were to arise, and the Virtual Universe Company couldn’t protect him, then there was no need for him to work for them anymore. It would be better to hide off in a desolate planet, even exploring other mysterious places in the universe and training.

If he didn’t have such methods to hide himself, for the humans of earth’s safety, he may submit.

But since he had such trump cards, why should he?

No matter what happened later, Luo Feng maintained his respectful position and awaited undying knight’s answer.

“You know and yet you still defy me? Guts, you sure got guts.” The Undying Knights laughter sounded satisfied. “I like people with guts. Unlike those knights who have so little guts that they are filled with such fear about exploring the secret regions. Haha, not bad at all. I like you, hence I’ll spare your little life, you can simply give me any island on earth and this matter is resolved, there shouldn’t be a problem with that right.”

Luo Feng relaxed within, saying, “No problem, I will definitely prepare an island well for undying knight.”

“Hm.”

Undying knight nodded as his green eyes carefully examined Luo Feng, letting out a bone chilling laughter. “You little punk before me, from start to end I’ve never seen you lose your composure, sturdy! Strong! Interesting, really interesting…” He vanished amidst the laughter.

The pressure within Luo Feng’s study vanished too.

“Phew.”

Luo Feng let out a long sigh of relief, sitting back on his chair.

“My god, this undying sure has a weird temperament. He’s really strange.” Luo Feng’s forehead was beading with perspiration. “I was almost forced to abandon everything and wander the universe.”

If undying knight had truly wanted to forcefully get earth, Luo Feng was already prepared to put earth in his internal world and wander.

On the same day he had the conversation with undying knight in the virtual universe, in the distant milky way, earth.

Earth, amazon forest.

The forest was extremely humid, the many thick trees had occasional beasts running through them. It was very rare to have beasts nowadays on earth, they had already become protected beings for viewing and study. And since the earth humans didn’t wish to destroy the natural habitats of the huge amazon forest, there was nobody about.

Weng…

A blurry red light engulfed the area, causing the surrounding space to ripple, after which 10 powerful beings appeared. All of them were dressed in either exquisite long robes or armors. They appeared together, with all sorts of appearances, however their energies were all terrifying. Of which, one of them…was the demonically beautiful Yan Zhu emperor.

“The last time I had someone place one of my undying crystals here, I didn’t expect to have to use it so quickly and teleport through my god country over. Amongst the many knights, my father’s underlings should be the earliest here on earth.” Yan Zhu smiled satisfied, “I’ve done good work for my father this time.”

Beside him, the other emperor level undyings smiled and nodded.


Chapter 705: Earth! Earth!

Yan Zhu emperor smiled satisfied.

How could he not?

Back when he arranged for someone to leave one of his undying crystals there, it was to prepare for when he could come and deal with Luo Feng someday. This petty action actually allowed him to help his father now!

“This earth is located in a remote location. No other undyings under the other knights would have left their markers here.” A jade haired old man with a single horn laughed. “Without a marker, they have no way to teleport via god country over! Hence, we are definitely the fastest.”

“Haha…” Yan Zhu’s smile grew even wider.

A black armored lady with scales on her face nodded. “If the other knights sent their people here, they’d still have to teleport via their god countries to the closest nearby spot before flying slowly over in a ship. Black Dragon Mountain starfield…it’s a very normal star field, with only 2 undyings. How many of the knight’s underlings would have even left markers about.”

They had to have markers left somewhere.

Only through that could they teleport via their god countries. Back when Dylan brought Luo Feng before, he had to teleport to a certain point in the universe country before taking a ship and flying for awhile before reaching Jade Dome planet.

“The others would probably take at least 3 to 5 days to get here.” A hoarse voice resounded from a skinny intrepid lizard like man.

“Senior Yan Zhu, you give the order on what we should do here on earth. The 5 of us will be sure to complete your orders.” The black armored lady said.

“Since you all agree on this, then I’ll give the order.” Yan Zhu smiled.

A total of 6 emperor level undyings under Shi Huo knight had come, along with 12 official level undyings. Even though Yan Zhu was considered the weakest amongst the other emperors, he held seniority as his father had him before he even became undying. And the other emperor level undyings…almost all of them were accepted after Shi Huo knight had become a knight.

Hence!

Yan Zhu was considered amongst the disciples under Shi Huo knight, the 2nd senior.

“Bu Na!”

Yan Zhu suddenly shouted.

“Lord.”

A tall and sturdy silver armored bald man instantly appeared and bowed.

“With so many emperor level undyings here, Luo Feng may not dare show himself, and he’s had some trouble with me before too. This time…father’s orders are absolute, we need to buy earth easily without any complicated methods. You go and find a way to draw out Luo Feng to meet you.” Yan Zhu ordered, mocking. “That Luo Feng is an aboriginal at birth, he probably doesn’t even know of earth being special. Even my father and the other universe knights had just found out, how would he know. Buying it from him should be easy.”

“For example, you can just tell him you want to buy the milky way galaxy. This way we can avoid hinting to him about earth being special.” Yan Zhu laughed.

“Understood.” The bald man replied.

“Go on.” Yan Zhu ordered, “The moment there’s any news, inform me.”

“Yes.” The bald man became a beam of light and swiftly vanished.

“My juniors, we need to not let Luo Feng discover us when he’s returning to earth. There may be some trouble when Bu Na draws him out, let’s all head to space for now.” Yan Zhu looked at the surrounding undyings, his gaze landing on the jade haired single horned old man, “9th junior, we’ll rely on you.”

“Haha.”

The old man laughed. Even though there were 6 emperor level undyings about, only he was able to use teleportation. His undying energy immediately engulfed the group of undyings.

“Let’s go!”

Shua!

The group of undyings instantly vanished from earth and appeared 1 light year away in an uknown space.

“No matter what soft of detection abilities he has, he won’t be able to discover us 1 light year away.” The old man said confidently.

“Haha…” Yan Zhu and the other emperor level undyings all laughed, the other 11 official level undyings just stood there obediently.

The group of undyings chatted within the vast space, awaiting Bu Na to send a message. The moment they received it, they could instantly teleport over back to earth.

…

Earth, Eurasia continent, china, Yang Zhou city.

There were close to 10,000 people living in Luo residence. The members of his family didn’t even reach 30,000, most of them were in charge of managing the milky way galaxy and doing business with other powerful families etc. With Luo Feng’s supervisor envoy position, it was too easy for them to do business.

Even though their family was small, their status was extremely high.

Firstly, Xu Xin stayed on earth, along with Luo Feng’s parents, his brother Luo Hua and his two children. The children frequently explored the universe but still stay within their home for long periods of time.

“Mum.”

“Mum.”

In a vast grassland in Luo residence, with a glance, hundreds of infants were crawling about, some crying out for their mothers.

Xu Xin stood in the distance smiling at them.

These hundreds of infants were a small portion of newborn in the Luo family. Afterall, with hundreds of years of growth, his bloodline alone had descendants in hundreds of thousands. Every year, the number of newborns was a huge number. These hundreds…were the infants of the elites, otherwise how would they have the right to live in the actual residence.

There was no way.

After a family grows huge, especially over thousands of years. China had 5000 years of history and culture, if a family expands over a thousand years, with enough land, food, resources and being able to marry many, then the numbers would far exceed that of the entire population of earth. The reason why the population of earth was so small was mainly because there was a limit to land and food etc.

The large population meant there would be stricter rules, differentiation in levels and status within the family etc.

Rumble!

A formless pressure engulfed the entire Luo Residence.

“Who?”

11 silhouettes rose into the sky, it was the 11 sector lords stationed there, they looked about angrily. There stood in the sky and looked at the tall and sturdy bald silver armored man. He smiled at them, giving off a formless pressure, his presence was like a glaring sun.

God!

Luckily he controlled his pressure and only used it as a warning. Otherwise the infants would probably have died.

“Undying.” One of the sector lord guards roared. “This is the residence of the Ganwu Department supervisor envoy Luo Feng. We are under orders from the Virtual Universe Company and are members of his guard team. Why have you…come over here?”

“I want to meet Luo Feng.” The bald sun like man smiled, gazing down, focusing on Xu Xin, with a wave of his hand…

Shua!

Xu Xin rose into the sky and flew towards him, unable to break free. The bald man’s pressure engulfed the entire residence as he smiled, “I only wish to meet Luo Feng, that simple. Don’t make me angry, or else…the consequences will be dire.”

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang mountain primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

Luo Feng was within his study, his conversation with undying knight before had left him disturbed.

“Earth?”

“Undying knight is already one of the true upper echelons of the Huge Axe Dojo. His position is extremely high. He actually personally looked for me to buy earth.” Luo Feng frowned and pondered. “Just what is so special about my home earth. The mysterious black metal board I found before already shows that…earth is indeed special, however my teacher Hu Yan Bo controlled earth for so long. Yet, I’ve never heard anything about it being special from Babata. And within our humanity’s history on earth, there haven’t been any shocking places.”

Luo Feng was suspicious.

Suddenly…

Du!

Du!

Du!

Consecutive call requests appeared on the screen beside him, Babata shouted out, “Your son Luo Ping, along with Bai Kalo, Di Fan and your sector lord guards, and your father Luo Hong Guo…they are all calling you…”

“Put them all through.” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

Shua!

10 screens appeared in the study, many silhouettes appeared before him, all of them from earth.

“Dad, hurry back, mum’s been captured. An undying came here.”

“Master, an undying has come, this is the footage.”

“Your majesty Luo Feng…”

All sorts of hurried and anxious voices resounded, Luo Feng focused on all 10 at a time, instantly picking out the gist of what they all said, all while watching the footage.

His expression immediately changed, calling Dylan in.

“Your majesty.” Dylan looked curiously at Luo Feng.

“Look.” Luo Feng pointed at the 10 screens before him, many of it replaying the footage Luo Ping and Di Fan sent him.

“It’s an undying, ah, official level undying Burning Heart official Bu Na.” Dylan recognized him immediately. Even though there were many undyings within the universe, undyings had amazing memory, they were normally able to recognize large amounts of others.

“He’s captured my family member.” Luo Feng’s expression changed. “Let’s head to earth now!”

“Yes.” Dylan didn’t even try to stop him.

…

The Yun Mo planet ship which was flying within the dark universe swiftly went through universe travel back to the actual universe. After which, through the god country teleportation, it entered Dylan’s god country and finally teleported to the solar system.

…

Solar system, mars.

A blur of lights rippled in the space and a blood colored triangular ship appeared, it was the Yun Mo planet ship.

As earth was Luo Feng’s home, in order to rush back in times of crisis, Dylan had placed a marker on earth. Along with 12 other places about the solar system to be prudent. Afterall, they may not necessarily be able to teleport to earth all the time.

Like now, with the undying Bu Na on earth, he could easily scan the entire earth.

The moment Dylan teleported through his god country onto earth, Bu Na would easily find his marker and dylan’s god country would be revealed. That was extremely dangerous.

“Your majesty, we’ll immediately head towards earth.” The Yun Mo planet ship accelerated.

Sou!

It became a beam of light and quickly entered universe travel, entering the dark universe and quickly returning, only 10 seconds had passed before they reached earth’s space.


Chapter 706: Discussion

Luo Feng and Dylan became beams of light and instantly tore through the atmosphere and arriving in the air above his residence.

“Hm?” Luo Feng easily saw in the distant skies the tall and sturdy undying. Beside him was his wife Xu Xin and she was obviously bound without any way to break free.

“Dad.”

“Your majesty.”

“Master.”

The group of undyings looked at Luo Feng and Dylan as they appeared, their faces filled were with joy. Even Xu Xin who was bound, her eyes lit with excitement and worry as she saw Luo Feng.

“Hahaha… Your majesty Luo Feng sure is fast.” The sun like undying Bu Na turned and smiled.

“Burning heart official.” Luo Feng frowned, “You are an official level undying, to do such a thing without a care for your status, it’s truly shocking, please release my wife.”

Bu Na smiled, “I didn’t expect your majesty Luo Feng to know my name too, it sure is an honor. I’m controlling your wife…only to bring you here, without any ill intentions. Since your majesty has asked me to do so…I naturally will!”

As he said so, Xu Xin realized she was free to move, without saying anything, she swiftly flew back to the ground.

Luo Feng looked on suspiciously at Burning heart official, “Burning heart official, why have you come looking for me?”

“Let’s find a quiet spot to sit and chat.” He replied.

“Simple.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Simultaneously the mosha body within the world ring held the main core…as Luo Feng had refined this world ring so that he could easily exit from it, if others entered it, they had no way to get out.

The mosha clansman with the main core released his world energy and easily found its way out of the world ring!

It spread all over the Luo residence.

Keep!

Including Luo Feng’s parents Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan along with all the members of the family, with Di Fan etc, they all entered the gold continent. Di Fan along with the 10 sector lords etc, they didn’t know that this world ring they entered was actually his internal world.

Afterall, whether it was an internal world or another world, the only difference was the objects within that sustained it.

The internal world was held by his main core and life core.

The other world was held by valuable materials.

“Bu Na, let’s go down to chat.” Luo feng smiled.

“Your majesty sure is cautious.” The bald Bu Na glanced down. The Luo Residence was completely empty, he didn’t mind, smiling as he followed Luo Feng and Dylan into one of the yards below.

…

Within the yard.

The 3 sat down.

“Speak.” Luo Feng looked at Bu Na and smiled indifferently. “Burning Heart official, you came all the way to earth, not caring about your status and using such methods to draw me out, just what is it about.”

“Haha, I truly am regretful to do such a thing.” Bu Na smiled. His face glowed with light as he emanated light law energies. “I happened to chance by the milky way galaxy and have wandered about it, I’m very intrigued by this galaxy and I cannot help it. Hence I came personally to your majesty’s home earth to want to buy the milky way galaxy.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Buy the milky way galaxy?

Didn’t Undying knight from before also want to buy the galaxy, and now this official level undying Bu Na wanted the same thing.

“A normal price of a galaxy is usually not even 1 mixed element. However I don’t wish to have you make a loss, I’m willing to fork out 100 mixed elements to buy the milky way galaxy. Are you willing?” Bu Na smiled at Luo Feng.

“100 mixed elements, what a high price.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

What a joke.

This was something the undying knight of the Huge Axe dojo was willing to personally appear for. Back then, he was even willing to agree to anything Luo Feng asked. To such a being, even if Luo Feng had quoted a price akin to the worth of True Yan emperor, billions of mixed elements, undying knight would have agreed anyway.

Even in the end, all he wanted was an island of earth.

“Even undying knight, that level of being only got an island of earth, 100 mixed elements? He must be dreaming, he must think I don’t know how special earth is.” Luo Feng mocked coldly within.

“It’s not high at all, I like the galaxy, hence it should have such a price.” Bu Na said.

“Seems right.”

Luo Feng nodded, “I’m willing to sell all the other planets in the milky way galaxy to you. However, earth is my home, I definitely cannot sell it.”

Bu Na was stunned.

Luo Feng mocked coldly within, he enjoyed watching this official level undying’s expression. Go on and act, let’s see how much you can act.

“I really like the galaxy, the most exquisite part of it is this galaxy however is earth.” Bu Na said, “Your majesty Luo Feng, speak your price. As long as it’s reasonable, I’m willing to pay.”

“Hmph!”

Luo Feng stood up fiercely and roared, “Mr Bu Na, you know very well earth is my home, who would sell their home.”

“No hope at all?” Bu Na looked at him.

“Nope.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“Then there’s no way about it.” Bu Na shook his head and swiftly sent a message to Yan Zhu emperor and the others via the virtual universe network.

Weng…

The south regions of earth had a sudden appearance of a group of undyings. After which, they all quickly teleported over to the yard in Luo Feng’s residence.

Within the yard.

“There’s undying energy searching.” Dylan communicated to Luo Feng.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was shocked.

In the yard, a large group of 17 appeared, all with terrifying god presence, the formless pressure made Luo Feng go pale.

“Yan Zhu emperor.” Luo Feng looked at the group that suddenly appeared. Yan Zhu emperor was dressed in an exquisite robe. He was accompanied by the powerful single horned old man, and the bone chilling black armored lady with fish scales on her face, along with another man who seemed dressed in a torn up robe but still giving off a special energy, and finally the lizard like man.

The 5 of them that stood beside Yan Zhu emperor all had terrifying energies. Behind them were another 11 undyings with pressure that was even stronger than Dylan’s.

“Luo Feng, we meet again.” Yan Zhu emperor smiled.

“Yan Zhu emperor.” Luo Feng got up to welcome them. Beside him Dylan’s expression changed as he communicated, “Your majesty, including that Bu Na from before, among these 18 undyings…6 of them are emperor level and 12 are official level. This is a very terrifying force, and they are all from the Huge Axe dojo. Your majesty should be extremely cautious.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng replied.

He pondered suspiciously within.

18 powerful undyings, one had to know that under the universe country leaders, there wasn’t even 1 emperor level undying. Normally, only the knights of the 5 leviathans had such beings! A total of 6 emperor levels …this was definitely a force that could decimate half of a universe country.

Ah?

These 18 were all from the huge axe dojo. That undying knight before was from the huge axe dojo too. Why were they all from there?

Luo Feng was suspicious within, yet he still spoke calmly, “Why has your majesty come personally to earth?”

“Don’t be nervous, sit.” Yan Zhu emperor sat first, the other 5 emperor level undyings sat too.

“Yes.” Luo Feng sat, Yan Zhu emperor had torn into him before, and yet now he was smiling.

“As to why I’m here, Bu Na has said it, I want to buy your earth.” Yan Zhu sat there. His crystal like fingers that were more beautiful than a lady’s gently tapped on the stone table, he smiled at Luo Feng, “Cut the crap, speak your price, we will buy it.”

Luo Feng frowned, “Earth is my home…”

“Speak a price!” Yan Zhu interrupted Luo Feng’s words, gently lifting his finger, “1 hundred million mixed elements.”

Dylan who stood beside Luo Feng was stunned too.

1 hundred million mixed elements?

“I said before, I cannot sell my home.” Luo Feng shook his head, “Even if it’s 1 hundred million mixed elements, I still can’t.”

“Hahaha, ok, ok, ok.” Yan Zhu smiled, “Bold indeed, I’ll show you some respect, I’ll give you a heavenly price…1 billion mixed elements! Many low level emperor level undyings have only accumulated that much wealth. With that amount of wealth, even nurturing your cloud contact vine to undying wouldn’t be a hard thing.”

Luo Feng still shook his head.

Yan Zhu’s expression grew heavy.

“Hmph!”

He stood up fiercely, raging as he slammed the stone table, it immediately exploded apart with fragments flying in all directions, Dylan used his undying energy to control the fragments as the entire yard became a wasteland while his area was fine.

“I show you respect and yet you still refuse.” Yan Zhu smiled coldly at Luo Feng, “Then we’ll do it the hard way!”

Rumble!

His powerful undying energy instantly wrapped about Dylan and Luo Feng, after which a world energy spread in all directions, engulfing the entire earth.

“Keep!” Yan Zhu’s expression was cold.

The entire earth, whether it was the chinese, americans, Africans etc, or even the slaves from other planets, every living human was kept into his world ring. As for earth itself, since his father Shi Huo knight wanted it, he didn’t dare keep it.

In an instant…

All humanity on earth was gone, only the ones in this yard were left.

“Other than the people here in this yard, there’s no other humans.” Yan Zhu emperor released his undying energy binding.

Luo Feng’s expression changed, and he quickly released his spirit energy to scan. Every city in china was empty, the dishes were still steaming, tea still boiling, yet there wasn’t a single soul. Other than these people in the yard, no one was left.

Amidst the ruined yard, Yan Zhu looked coldly at Luo Feng and roared “I’ll give you 2 choices, the 1st, agree to sell earth to us and you’ll get 1 billion mixed elements and the humans of earth back. The 2nd, reject us and all of the humans kept in my world will die!”


Chapter 707: A Letter

Luo Residence, ruined yard.

Yan Zhu stood there and stared coldly at Luo Feng.

Beside him were the 5 emperor level undyings and 12 official level undyings. Compared to Yan Zhu, Luo Feng was indeed weak, even Dylan barely had the power of an official. In truth, he wasn’t a match against one true official.

“I get bullied if I’m weak! The strong prey on the weak, it’s indeed survival of the fittest.” Luo Feng was forced into a corner. Even though he was raging within, he had to carefully calculate his next move. “Yan Zhu emperor probably doesn’t even think of me as anything. From his point of view, I’m just another aboriginal genius.”

“Only he doesn’t wish to kill me, because he’s guessed that…both Dylan and I have opened a synchronized broadcast with the virtual universe network. The moment he makes a move, the Virtual Universe Company would have full evidence. Even if he didn’t die, he would be in big trouble.”

“However the bottom line is still strength!”

“He has a powerful father. Even if he kills me, he’ll at most be heavily punished! Those that are weak are destined to be bullied, this is the strong preying on the weak!” Luo Feng’s will to get stronger grew more and more.

If he was at the sector lord pinnacle level, he would be able to kill the official level undyings and fight against the emperors.

Such a level of genius…

Even Yan Zhu emperor wouldn’t dare mess around, because these absolute geniuses would definitely be treasured individuals of the Virtual Universe Company.

“There are only two paths, pick one!” Yan Zhu roared.

Luo Feng roared, “Yan Zhu emperor, using the earth humans as hostages, isn’t that too degrading even for you?”

“I’m asking you to choose!” Yan Zhu’s pressure rippled throughout, pressing down on Luo Feng, he was obviously raging.

“Then I’ll speak honestly.” Luo Feng looked at Yan Zhu. “Just today not long ago, your Huge Axe Dojo’s Undying Knight contacted me via the virtual universe network to buy the milky way galaxy. Against him, even though I refused initially, his pressure was too terrifying… hence I finally submitted.”

“What?” Yan Zhu’s handsome face was filled with shock.

“Undying Knight?” The jade haired old man beside him was shocked too.

“Undying knight?”

Everybody around including the 6 emperor level undyings were all shocked by the name.

“Don’t lie to me.” Yan Zhu smiled coldly at Luo Feng. “If you did sell the milky way galaxy to undying knight, the records would all show that he is the leader. However in all the records…I’ve been monitoring, there hasn’t been any change.”

Luo Feng said indifferently, “As he’s on the way over to earth, when we meet face to face, he’ll hand over the treasures to me. Only then would the transaction be fully complete. Even though it hasn’t been transferred yet, I already have an agreement with him. I definitely would not go against it. Yan Zhu emperor, you can go look for him and if he agrees, I naturally would have no objection.”

“Liar, you are lying!” Yan Zhu’s eyes flashed.

Within however, he was filled with many thoughts.

It was very possible.

Undying knight’s position in the huge axe dojo was even higher than his father’s, it was normal for him to have received the news on earth. And with his weird temperament…he might really personally send the treasures in exchange for the deeds.

“Who cares, I’ll first obtain the rights to earth. Even if I’m asked again later…I’ll just say that Luo Feng was lying.” Yan Zhu said. “And undying knight is a lone wolf, he doesn’t have a sect. Even though he’s an upper echelon member of the Huge axe dojo, he doesn’t have much help. My father’s influence within the Huge axe dojo however is huge. With the rights of earth in his hands, as long as it’s lawfully done, that undying knight wouldn’t be able to do anything.”

…

Luo Feng’s residence, only the stone benches were fine.

Luo Feng suddenly sat down.

He could see that Yan Zhu was worried.

“Punk.” Yan Zhu saw Luo Feng sitting down. His eyes twitching slightly as he communicated, “I know you are not fearful because of your backing, and I know that you are doing a synchronized broadcast with the virtual universe. However, I’m not stupid either, I won’t make a move directly at you. However, in all honesty, even if I don’t do it personally, I can let others do it. I have 3 other undying slaves in space above earth, and they are my soul slaves. I just have to get one of them to kill you. So what if the virtual universe network picks up the broadcast? They’ll at most record an undying killing you and not me personally!”

“Without proof that he’s my slave.”

“As for your guard Dylan, I’ll get others to forcefully bind him. He won’t even be able to help you.”

“And when that happens, boom!”

“You’ll be dead! All of the rights to the milky way will go to your son, and I naturally have my ways to make your son hand them over to me.” Yan Zhu communicated to Luo Feng. “As long as you are dead, without the Virtual Universe Company primal region member status as protection, would your sons dare defy me? As for undying knight…it’ll still take him at least 3 to 5 days to rush over. When that time comes, everything here would have been settled.”

Luo Feng’s expression changed, staring at Yan Zhu emperor.

Yan Zhu smiled at him, continuing, “Haha, I’m communicating mentally to you now. The virtual universe broadcast cannot pick up our conversation. What can you possibly do now?”

“Punk.”

“Don’t resist, I’m trying to avoid more trouble. If I know I’m going to be sent to the starfield jail, I’d have killed you long ago. At most I’d be punished.” He looked at Luo Feng’s with a hint of pity. “If you submit, everything will be good right?”

Luo Feng sat on the stone bench, however he had long sent a thread of consciousness to the virtual universe network.

Virtual universe Yu Xiang Mountain primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

While the broadcast was live, he had swiftly written a letter.

“Knight:

For a reason I do not know, the Huge axe dojo’s Undying Knight contacted me wanting to buy the milky way galaxy, especially earth. I refused to submit and was finally lucky that he didn’t forcefully take it, only wanting an island of earth.

However, as I’m writing this letter, in my home earth, the Huge axe dojo’s Yan Zhu emperor and 6 other emperor level undyings along with 12 official level undyings have reached earth and are holding my countless comrades as hostage, forcing me to sell earth to them. Otherwise they’d use their undying slaves to kill me and acquire the deeds to earth via my son.

I have no way to resist this.

I’m powerless!

I hope sir knight can right this wrong.”

Luo Feng had swiftly written the letter via his thoughts and sent it to 9 blade knight.

His genius competition was hosted by 9 blade, he was naturally one of his underlings. If he had sent it to Tian Shi palace’s leader, it would be overstepping, as he had only given him some little guidance back then. Also, he only knew the contact number of one of his undying underlings.

He didn’t know Tian Shi palace’s leader’s number.

“Send it 9 times.” Luo Feng sat before his desk and looked at the laptop, he had already sent the mail to 9 blade knight.

“I cannot spam it too much, only just a little for him to notice. That the Huge Axe Dojo has obviously discovered something special about earth. When the time comes, the Virtual Universe Company will come not only for my sake, but also for earth’s secret. They naturally wouldn’t let this matter rest.” Luo Feng nodded.

He believed…

That the moment this letter was sent, it would carve a huge hole and make the Virtual Universe Company clash with the Huge axe dojo!

…

Earth.

Luo Residence, ruined yard.

Even though he had sent the mail, Luo Feng’s expression was still ugly, as he was trying to stall for time while communicating back to Yan Zhu. “Yan Zhu emperor, it’s not that I cannot see the situation clearly. The only thing is…since I’ve already agreed to undying knight, that’s the undying knight. You, Yan Zhu emperor have Shi Huo knight to protect you, but what about me? Against Shi Huo knight’s rage, I will be finished.”

Yan Zhu revealed a smile as he heard this.

He was happy within.

It seemed that the deal was going to happen.

“Relax.” Yan Zhu replied. “When you return to the primal region or primal chaos city, these two places…are extremely safe.”

“I cannot stay in those two places forever.” Luo Feng replied.

Yan Zhu seemed impatient, “Cut the crap, hand over the rights to the milky way right now, and at least you’ll be left alive. Even if it’s hard in the future, when your position rises, it’ll be fine. If you don’t agree…then you’ll die now and the entire human population of earth will die with you, hurry up and choose!”

Right at that moment…

Rumble!

A powerful undying energy swept the entire planet.

“Hm?” Yan Zhu and the other emperor level undyings and 12 official level undyings were all shocked.

“Undying energy.” The lizard man said coldly.

“An undying has actually come, how could he be so fast? The armies of the other knights will take at least another 3 – 5 days.” Yan Zhu’s expression changed.

“It may be the armies of the other knights, that happened to have left markers close to earth’s coordinates.” The black armored lady said.

Weng!

Teleportation.

A silhouette appeared within the yard, just his teleportation alone had left the 6 emperor level undyings in shock. Those with teleportation were definitely not the normal undyings. Of the 6 emperors there, only 1 of them could do it, it was obvious how rare it was.

Luo Feng too was shocked at the appearance of this person.

This was a huge man that could really be said to be tall and sturdy. He was over 3m tall and he had 2 blood red horns on his forehead. He also had some silver scales there, and his armor revealed his 2 arms that had silver scales about. He was covered in a black and blood colored armor, obviously an absolute being of the Nakameng race.

He stood there like a majestic god mountain.

His formless bloodthirst engulfed the entire area, his energy pressuring Yan Zhu and the others.

“Greetings teacher.” Dylan bowed respectfully.

“Bloodthirst emperor!”

“Tie Jun!”

Yan Zhu and the other emperor level undyings changed their expressions, all shouting out the name.


Chapter 708: Mobilization

The Nakameng clan was one of the powerful races of humanity. Even though they were few in numbers, they were well adept in battle. And Bloodthirst emperor was one of the top 3 absolute beings of the entire clan. In terms of reputation, he was even more renowned than his teacher True Yan emperor, he had massacred heavily for his name!

Under his formless pressure, Bloodthirst emperor’s golden eyes swept past Yan Zhu emperor and the other emperor level undyings, he instantly shocked all 6 of them.

“Junior.” He looked at Luo Feng and smiled.

“3rd senior?” Luo Feng was surprised and happy.

His 3rd senior actually came at the critical moment, how did he?

Beside, Dylan communicated, “Your majesty, when the grandmaster asked me to protect you, he actually had a trump card…for when you ever meet a great danger that even I cannot deal with, I could call my teacher over. As his disciple, I naturally carry one of his markers. Back then when I left some of my markers about the solar system, I also placed 3 of my teacher’s markers there. When Yan Zhu emperor faced you earlier, I immediately contacted him via the virtual universe network.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng was elated.

“Surprised?” Bloodthirst emperor looked at his junior, his voice powerful, “Relax, with me here, the Huge axe dojo cannot do anything to you!”

He also said, “I’ve already arranged for another friend of mine, Iron wall emperor to wait at the 9th teleportation point in the primal region. I carry his marker around, you should let 9 blade knight know. You are after all under him, he will definitely see to this matter.”

“I’ve already reported.” Luo Feng replied.

“Hm, if 9 blade sends his army, you can tell him to send them to the 9th teleportation point and come over with Iron wall emperor.” Bloodthirst emperor said.

His mental conversation with Luo Feng ended instantly, after which he turned over to the 6 emperors with ugly expressions.

Yan Zhu and the others!

“I didn’t expect Tie Jun to come.” Yan Zhu mocked.

“Yan Zhu.” Bloodthirst emperor gazed coldly at them. “This is my junior’s home, why have you and the Huge Axe Dojo people come? No matter what, this is still the home of a core member of our Virtual Universe Company. Naturally it is protected by the Virtual Universe Company, it’s better for you lot not to make a mess.”

The jade haired old man suddenly shouted out, “Bloodthirst emperor, there’s 6 of us here, don’t you dare get arrogant!”

“Ah, Bao Jin emperor.” Bloodthirst emperor glanced over. “You mean to say, that with the 6 of you emperors together, you can beat me?”

“Hmph.”

The lizard man beside snorted coldly, saying hoarsely, “With me around, Bloodthirst emperor, you can dream about teleporting.”

Bloodthirst emperor looked at him, “So it’s the Piercing heart emperor who is proficient in space lockdown. With you using that, indeed there’s no way for me to teleport. However that means that Bao Jin emperor cannot do so either. With everybody unable to so, and 1 against 6, who do you think will die when we truly engage?”

It was said very casually.

However, the words, who do you think will die made the 6 change their expressions. The difference between emperor level undyings was huge. If the legendary True Yan emperor appeared, Yan Zhu and the others probably wouldn’t even dare resist. As for Bloodthirst emperor…

Even though his reputation was higher than his teacher’s, his strength was still slightly weaker. However, he was still a high level emperor level undying, who was intrepid and strong…amongst the undyings of humanity. Who wouldn’t have heard of him?


Even though it was very hard for an emperor level undying to die, even if the fight dragged on, Bloodthirst emperor would definitely survive while Yan Zhu’s side may very likely lose a couple of them.

…

Within the ruined yard.

The two sides faced off, as the Bloodthirst emperor’s energy pressured Yan zhu and the others.

This scene made Luo Feng incredibly excited. This was a true face off between the strong, one person threatening a group of other undyings. If he could reach this level, it would be awesome.

“You all should just leave.” Bloodthirst emperor said casually.

“I’m under orders from my father here, how can I just go?” Yan Zhu’s expression was ugly. “Tie Jun, don’t force me. Even if I can’t bear to, I may use my trump card. Even if it can’t kill you, it’ll definitely leave your undying body heavily damaged.”

“Oh really?” Bloodthirst emperor glanced coldly at him.

In terms of wealth and trump cards.

Bloodthirst emperor definitely couldn’t compare to Yan Zhu. Afterall, Yan Zhu had absorbed that treasure into his soul, it was one that even knights would fight for. If he unleashed that treasure…even though the cost wouldn’t be small, but for a short amount of time, Yan Zhu would have the emperor pinnacle level of strength.

What’s more, Yan Zhu had other life preserving trump cards. There was just no other way around it. His family had that powerful father…Shi Huo knight!

As for Bloodthirst emperor, it was the opposite. His treasures couldn’t compare to Yan Zhu’s, however his body was incredibly strong.

Weng…

Bloodthirst emperor suddenly triggered one of the world rings on his body, spreading the world energy at Luo Feng, wanting to place him within.

“Bloodthirst Emperor!” An ear piercing voice resounded. The intrepid lizard man suddenly howled out, causing the surrounding million km of space to lock down. The initial normal ripples all condensed and the world energy crumbled.

“We are here, don’t even think about placing him within your world.” Yan Zhu smiled coldly.

“Luo Feng will be your bargain.” The jade haired old man mocked at Bloodthirst emperor.

The 6 emperors seemed confident.

Bloodthirst emperor’s expression however was ugly.

If it weren’t for Luo Feng and Dylan, he could care less about anything and fight it out with the 6 emperors. However, now with them staring hard at him, he couldn’t keep Luo Feng in his world.

“Bastard!”

Bloodthirst emperor roared. With a wave of his hand, a huge gold disc appeared with a diameter of about 1,000 meters. Simultaneously, this gold disc extended two large arms that grabbed Luo Feng and Dylan with one, the other acting as a shield against attacks.

“Grab Luo Feng!” Yan Zhu roared.

“Yes!”

The group of undyings complied.

Rumble!

6 emperor level undyings all simultaneously attacked Bloodthirst emperor. The other 12 official level undyings rushed at Luo Feng and Dylan.

Hua…Luo Feng and Dylan watched as the big gold hand blocked them!

The other hand grabbed them and dragged them into the ship.

Ka!

The two golden hands vanished and the gold disc ship locked down, letting out a voice, “Master, the two are within my body.” The voice resounded in the space above earth, the gold disc ship rumbled and rushed into the skies instantly tearing through to space.

“Chase.”

The 12 official level undyings rushed after them.

“Use soul techniques to pierce through the defense of the ship, control Luo Feng.” Yan Zhu communicated urgently.

“Hahaha…” Bloodthirst emperor laughed loudly, rushing upwards into space too.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Yan Zhu and the other emperors all followed into space.

At this time, virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

Luo Feng sat in his study awaiting 9 blade’s reply, at this time…

“Luo Feng, a call request, it’s 9 blade knight’s number.” Babata shouted excitedly.

“Quickly answer.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Yes.”

A screen immediately appeared and on it a silhouette, it was a handsome purple scaled man in an ancient green robe, his formless pressure was strong but controlled, it was 9 blade knight.

“Knight.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

“I already know, however the people I’ve sent will take awhile to get to earth.” 9 blade said.

“Knight, right now at the primal region’s 9th teleportation point, Iron wall emperor awaits.” Luo Feng said respectfully, “As long as you send your people there, they can teleport via his god country together and arrive at earth.”

“Got it.” 9 blade knight said.

Pa.

The call disconnected.

…

Virtual universe, thunder island, within 9 blade knight’s palace.

Below him was a black blur of undyings, this vast group of undyings, even the weakest was an official level.

“Greetings knight.” The group all bowed respectfully.

In the throne above.

9 blade knight gazed down below and ordered, “The Huge Axe Dojo has sent people to invade my underling Luo Feng’s home, earth. Right now, all of you head over to the 9th teleportation point immediately and meet with Iron wall emperor. After that you will teleport to earth. Remember…protect Luo Feng’s life.”

“Yes.” The large group of undyings rumbled as they bowed, they were shocked within.

Protect Luo Feng?

He was but a little genius, was it enough for 9 blade to send such an army?

This was an army of 50 emperor level undyings along with close to 1,000 official level undyings. These were almost all of the elites of 9 blade knight. Other than the few that were away or in dangerous regions, these 50 emperors was almost all of the emperor level undyings he could mobilize.

“Go!” 9 blade knight ordered.

“Yes!”

The blur of undyings bowed respectfully and vanished, leaving the virtual universe network.

…

In reality, the beings scattered across the universe all swiftly teleported via their god countries, heading over to the 9th teleportation point as swiftly as possible.

The emperors and officials under 9 blade knight all gathered!

Their goal…

Earth!


Chapter 709: Arrival

Solar system, about 1 hundred million km in space away from earth.

12 official level undyings were surrounding a huge gold disc ship, attacking Luo Feng and Dylan who were hiding within.

“Use soul attacks straight through the ship against Luo Feng. Don’t care about anything else, get rid of him.” Yan Zhu communicated to them. “Don’t ever let that Dylan keep Luo Feng in his world. The moment he enters the world, there’d be no meaning in this battle.”

“Yes lord.”

The 12 undyings all used their soul attacks, even those not proficient in such techniques did so, as long as their undying energy became voids, they could use it as a soul attack.

Whether it was a fighter or spirit reader.

They simply used undying energy.

…

Within the ship.

“Relax, you are both in my body, they cannot get in. However, you’ll have to block their spirit attacks.” A huge face appeared on the wall in the resting room of the ship. He looked at Luo Feng and Dylan and smiled. “Soul attacks are useless against me, however I have no way to block them. The material used to build this resting room has a definite effect on blocking undying energy. It can also weaken the soul attacks, it’s the best I can do.”

“Leave the blocking of soul attacks to me.” Dylan emphasized.

A formless undying energy wrapped about Luo Feng, blocking him against the 12 official level undyings’ attacks.

“Rumble!”

Rumble!

Even though it wasn’t visible, Luo Feng could feel the undying energies attacking over and over.

“These bastards keep dispersing my world energy. Your majesty, I have no way to keep you in my world.” Dylan’s face was panicked. “They are aiming straight at you, and from the looks of it, they want to kill you.”

“Kill me?” Luo Feng was shocked, “Dylan, can you withstand it?”

“It takes up a lot of energy.” Dylan replied, his expression heavy. “Luckily, I’m proficient in the soul offense and defense. Plus, the walls of this room have a weakening effect on their attacks, I can hold it for awhile. However amongst the 12 official level undyings, 3 of them are proficient in soul attacks. If time drags long, I may not be able to hold it.”

Rumble!

Rumble!

The many undying attacks clashed over and over. Dylan controlled his undying energy into a complex web like protection against them, blocking them from attacking Luo Feng.

“Dylan, hold on for awhile. 9 blade knight’s people will be here soon.” Luo Feng communicated.

“Hm.” Dylan’s expression was serious, he fought hard to withhold them.

“Ah!” A painful scream.

Rumble!

An explosion from outside the ship.

…

In the space, even though the 12 official level undyings already knew this ship had melded with a metal life form, they had kept their guards up and maintained their distance. However as they flew about and unleashed their soul attacks to no avail over and over, they got more desperate.

The further they were, the weaker their soul attacks. Hence the 12 slowly got closer in desperation.

And just before, very suddenly…

The dark gold disc ship that seemed solid and sturdy suddenly extended a large metal arm, fast as lightning, faster than an emperor level undying’s attacking speed. It waved…grabbing one of the official level undyings proficient in soul attacks and used its strength!

With a rumble, the undying exploded!

“Be careful of the ship.”

“Stay further away from it.”

The other 11 undyings were shocked.

“Huhu…” Large amounts of green light dispersed in all directions, instantly reforming into a black robed purple haired lady. It was obvious that she had reached the undying body level, she communicated anxiously, “Everybody be careful, this metal life form has good comprehension of the space laws. When it exploded my undying body, my dispersed undying energy was actually unable to escape for awhile. That hand locked me in with space laws and destroyed my undying energy, I lost a great amount of it…”

“What!” The other 11 were shocked.

With an undying body, being destroyed once had almost no effect on their energies.

Of course, it depended on who used it. Like in primal chaos city, back when the city leader’s palm smashed down casually on the two undyings, they were smashed so hard they were very close to dying, but of course they were spared. This level of control, was much harder than simply killing those two undyings.

And like True Yan Emperor, he could easily kill an official level with just one move.

“Hahaha…see if you dare underestimate me. Haha, 3 proficient in soul attacks, 1 heavily injured. The other can give up on attacking with their full strength.” A huge human face appeared on the ship. He laughed loudly and became a blur as it extended 2 huge hands and grabbed about.

He even aimed at the other two specialized in soul attacks!

It forced the 12 official level undyings to dodge over and over while attacking. This naturally lowered their attacking power by a lot.

…

Through the external simulator, Luo Feng and Dylan clearly saw everything.

“It’s much easier.” Dylan was happy.

“What a strong ship.” Luo Feng complimented the sturdiness of the ship.

This ship was an F9 grade ship that had melded with a metal life form. In terms of defense, it was extremely strong, and the metal life form made it even more special. Just like if a metal mountain suddenly became a life form, its life construct would definitely have huge differences from a flesh and blood life form.

In the universe, there were many life forms without souls. Many of them, and the mosha clansman was one. Those without souls would naturally have their life cores.

When Luo Feng and Dylan along with the metal life form ship were facing off against the 12 official level undyings.

Yan Zhu and the other 5 emperor level undyings were worried.

“Useless, useless.” Yan Zhu roared within.

“Haha…Yan Zhu, they can’t even harm Luo Feng, you should just give up.” Bloodthirsty emperor laughed and waved a peculiar shaped blade, fighting it out with the 6.

Rumble…

The surrounding space was torn apart. Every time it was recovering, it was sliced through again, a million km in diameter area about was completely torn apart. The space flowed madly about, with the 7 emperors fighting it out madly. However, the mad space flow couldn’t even hurt them.

Boom!

Yan Zhu blocked a blade and was instantly knocked back hundreds of thousands of km, spitting out gold blood.

“Senior, what do we do?” The other emperors were anxious too, of which the black armored lady communicated, “It’s 6 of us against Bloodthirst emperor and yet we are at a disadvantage. These 12 useless things cannot kill Luo Feng, we are purely wasting time. If bloodthirst emperor could get here so fast, the other people from the Virtual Universe Company will be here soon.”

“I know.” Yan Zhu was incredibly worried.

At this time…

The distant gold disc ship suddenly had a blur of gold light about it. With the gold blur, an incredibly huge pressure spread throughout. The strength of this wave…instantly covered the surrounding ten million km, even the battling Yan Zhu and the others all stopped.

“God country teleportation!” Yan zhu’s expression was ashen.

A blur of silhouettes, every one giving off terrifying pressure, gathered together, it reached an unbelievable level. Even though he was over a million km away, Yan Zhu still shuddered within.

Silence!

Space was silent, the 12 official level undyings along with Yan Zhu and the other emperors all gathered. Bloodthirst emperor flew towards the gold disc and it naturally opened a door at its side, Luo Feng and Dylan flew out into space.

“My god.” Luo Feng watched the blur of silhouettes appear, completely stunned.

With just a glance, it was at least a thousand!

Everyone of them had energies that exceeded Dylan, even with others that were comparable to Bloodthirst emperor.

A god country teleportation of over 1,000 undyings in the silent space. The amount of power was even bigger than the undying mother nest before. These weren’t 1,000 normal undyings, this was the true elite of a knight, capable of easily stomping on an undying mother nest.

This 1,000, was led by a jade armored lady wielding two blades, as her cold energy spread throughout.

“Luo Feng.” She looked at Luo Feng, “I’m here on the knight’s orders to protect you.”

“Thank you knight, thank you all.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully in space.

The jade armored god, along with the entire army’s pressure all looked at Yan Zhu. She roared coldly, “Yan Zhu emperor, Luo Feng is a member of our Virtual Universe Company, what right does you Huge Axe Dojo have to make a move on our member?”

“Hmph.”

Yan Zhu’s expression was ugly, he rubbed the blood on his lips and snorted coldly.

“Capture Yan Zhu emperor.” The lady ordered.

“Yes!”

Immediately, 26 emperor level undyings flashed over like lightning. This made Yan Zhu and his other emperors all change their expressions. The Virtual Universe Company and the Huge Axe Dojo were both leviathans of humanity, they frequently had little squabbles. However, his actions today had made it so that if he were truly to be captured, even the Huge Axe Dojo would find it hard to save him.

And once he was captured, it would be a true humiliation.

“Get lost!!!” Yan Zhu’s eyes gleamed with madness. He howled fiercely and the ancient engraving on his forehead lit up, a terrifying energy emanated in all directions. Like a fierce beast that was awakening, his forehead seemed to begin to tear apart, revealing a single purple vertical eye.

The purple vertical eye shot out a purple gaze, sweeping past the surrounding space and condensing the area about. He’d rather fight it out before being captured.

Rumble…

There were ripples in space and a terrifying pressure descended, almost like a dragon descending on countless ants. The energy made the surrounding people all submit immediately, as it spread over the surrounding starfield. The powerful undying army’s power was instantly squashed, and even the uprising Yan Zhu was suddenly pushed back down, forcefully stopped halfway through his move.

A blur silhouette gradually appeared.

“Father!!!” Yan Zhu turned and shouted with glee.


Chapter 710: Knight’s Punishment

Standing beside the vast undying army, Luo Feng could clearly feel the powerful energy from this army beside him. Babata shouted loudly within Luo Feng’s mind, “Undying army! These undying are all stronger than your teacher Hu Yan Bo. This is definitely an elite army there’s actually no normal one within.”

Luo Feng had never felt such a terrifying wave of power before.

26 emperor level undyings immediately surrounded Yan Zhu emperor, Yan Zhu grew mad and began to unleash his trump card!

Rumble!

The purple vertical eye that split open on his forehead condensed the surrounding million km of space, that ancient energy instantly made the weakest person in the area Luo Feng fall into a nightmare illusion. He felt like the entire vast universe had vanished before him, leaving only the purple eye floating in space.

“Yan Zhu emperor is terrifying.” Luo Feng was just shaken out of it.

However…

A force hundreds to thousands of times even stronger descended and caused Luo Feng’s soul to instantly go black. He had lost consciousness immediately, before awakening later as he heard the despicable voice of Yan Zhu emperor shouting, “Father!”

“Shi Huo knight?” Luo Feng blinked his eyes and looked over.

In the distant space.

A majestic being stood there, his body was a blur, surrounded by black flames that spread over a million km about. If earth was to touch these flames, it would instantly be reduced to ash. Even the space around was burning into particle streams. The large amounts of space flow between became nothing but particles. At this instant, everything within the solar system was under his power.

Universe space, with him as the dictator!

He was the ruler of space itself!

Luo Feng could clearly feel this feeling. The blurry being within the core of the black flames that burned hotter than the sun, he was invincible.

“This was the being that at sector lord level could kill an official level undying, becoming an emperor straight after breaking through to undying. In 100,000 years he became a knight…Shi Huo knight?” Luo Feng muttered. “Over a trillion years, this being has been invincible and terrifying. Those black flames, it reminds me of the 9 black planets that burned with black flames, the ones Tian Shi palace’s leader demonstrated for me back then.”

Comparing Tian Shi palace’s leader to Shi Huo knight.

Tian Shi palace’s leader was more controlled, he probably didn’t want to bully little Luo Feng. Hence he controlled his power more

Shi Huo knight however burnt with black flames over the million km in area, he unleashed his strength.

“Greetings Shi Huo knight!”

The jade armored lady bowed respectfully, following which the vast undying army all bowed respectfully too. “Greetings Knight.”

Luo Feng and Dylan bowed too.

“Greetings teacher.”

“Greetings knight.”

The 12 official level undyings and 5 emperor level undyings all bowed respectfully. Only Yan Zhu emperor was glowing with the purple light as the eye on his forehead began to close, shouted out excitedly to his father, after which he roared angrily at the undying army, “Father, 9 blade knight’s undyings actually want to capture me!”

“Hmph.”

With a snort, Luo Feng felt his consciousness shake, it resounded amongst all the undyings about.

“You’d rather use the forbidden skill than look for me?” The majestic being within the black flames said, with a sense of rage. “If you’d have trained well, you’d long have reached the level of controlling that treasure. Then you’d have no fear of these emperor level undyings.”

“Yes.” Yan Zhu bowed respectfully, not daring to say anymore.

The majestic being looked at the army, his voice rumbling through their minds, “Jade!”

“Jade greets Shi Huo Knight.” The jade armored lady, leader of the undying army replied respectfully.

Jade emperor was 9 blade knight’s strongest undying.

Jade, Tong Nan, True Yan, they were life or death friends. They frequently explored the secret regions together, and through the many experiences, they naturally became good friends. And it was obvious that they were all extremely powerful, belonging to the pinnacle of emperors.

Of course…True Yan Emperor, he was amongst the countless races in the universe, trillions of undyings, the closest to becoming a knight. Even against a knight, he would survive.

Jade and Tong Nan were slightly weaker.

“Jade!” Shi Huo knight roared amidst the black flames, “Did you order the capture of my son?”

“Shi Huo knight.” Jade’s appearance was beautiful the jade armor had gems that were translucent. As she was standing there, it was almost like she wasn’t there, obviously she could withstand the pressure as she smiled respectfully. “I’m here on the orders of the knight to protect Luo Feng. And Yan Zhu brought people to even kill him, no matter what, Luo Feng is still a core member of our Virtual Universe Company. Any punishment should be dealt by the company. Yan Zhu’s actions…he has overstepped. Hence, I want to capture him and bring him to the knight!”

“Yan Zhu is my son, any punishment will be done by me and not 9 blade!” Shi Huo knight’s voice boomed like thunder.

It made all the undyings in the army grimace in pain.

Luo Feng however didn’t feel anything.

“That’s strange?” Luo Feng looked at the over 1,000 undyings along with Dylan and Bloodthirst emperor all grimace in pain, only he wasn’t affected.

“It’s probably cause I’m too weak. The moment it hits me, I’d probably die instantly, hence he didn’t target me.” Luo Feng thought.

…

Looking at the army all grimace in pain, Yan Zhu and his group were satisfied.

“Take this as a punishment!” Shi Huo knight said coldly, “Remember, don’t ever disrespect any knight.”

Jade could only lower her head and bow respectfully, “Yes!”

Afterall…

In terms of strength, Shi Huo knight was even stronger than 9 blade.

He floated amidst the black flames, after which his gaze fell on Luo Feng. His voice becoming more affectionate, “You are Luo Feng?”

“So powerful, forcing even Jade emperor to lower her head, the entire undying army submitting under the pressure.” Luo Feng was still exclaiming when he discovered the being’s gaze on him. He was stunned as he heard the gentle voice, “That’s Luo Feng?”

All the undyings there could only stare in shock.

This, this, this…

Is this the same tyrannical Shi Huo knight?

A genius amongst the absolute geniuses. He didn’t need to bother himself with such little beings, yet he spoke with such a gentle tone to Luo Feng.

“I am.” Luo Feng was stunned as he quickly reacted. Bowing respectfully, he said “Greetings knight.”

“Hm.”

Shi Huo knight’s voice didn’t seem to have any rage, all it had was affection. “I had asked my son to come talk to you about selling the rights of earth. I didn’t expect this useless son of mine to make such a mess of it.”

Luo Feng blinked his eyes.

Jade emperor and the other undyings were all speechless.

“I…” Yan Zhu stared even wider, “Father…”

“Shut up!”

Shi Huo knight’s roar caused Yan Zhu to get even more angry and nervous.

The entire atmosphere within that space was awkward.

Shi Huo knight’s pampering of his son was well reputed throughout. However today, he was that courteous to a little domain lord punk and fierce towards his son. This was unbelievable, Luo Feng may be a rare genius of a ten thousand eras. However even a rare genius of ten million years wouldn’t be treated that way.

Geniuses were ultimately just that.

The strong were the strong.

Before truly becoming one of the strong, none of them deserved to be treated that well by Shi Huo knight.

“Luo Feng, I’ll talk to you personally, are you willing to sell earth to me.” Shi Huo knight smiled at Luo Feng. “Whatever conditions there are, just speak.”

“Knight.” Luo Feng said respectfully. “Earth is my home and all the humans of earth, no matter what, I won’t be willing to sell it.”

Luo Feng had seen through the situation.

No matter what…

9 blade knight had already intervened, meaning this matter was already a clash between the 2 leviathans. Shi Huo knight wouldn’t make a move against him.

“Ah, the birthplace of a race?” Shi Huo knight nodded, “As a birth place, earth is indeed special to you, I won’t force you.”

“Yan Zhu.” Shi Huo knight turned to his son.

Yan Zhu emperor was shocked.

Even though he was called Yan Zhu emperor, this was just a name for respect and formalities. Those that were higher in power…may simply call him Yan Zhu. Taking away the emperor position. However his true name was Meng Cha Luo.

As his father, Shi Huo knight would normally call him by his true name, as it was more affectionate.

Only when he was unhappy would he call him Yan Zhu.

“Father.” Yan Zhu felt the tone of his father’s voice, shouting out respectfully.

“I only gave you the right to buy earth. I’d never expect you to go to such lengths. If Dylan didn’t protect Luo Feng, would you have killed him?” Shi Huo’s serious voice was filled with rage.

“Father?” Yan Zhu looked at his father suspiciously.

“You don’t know when to stop. If this goes on, who knows what huge trouble you will bring.” Shi Huo knight said coldly. “I now punish you…to be imprisoned in the 9th starfield jail hell for 1,000 eras.”

“Father!”

Yan Zhu stared wide eyed.

Luo Feng, Bloodthirst emperor, jade emperor, Dylan etc, all the undyings there were stunned.

My god.

Back then, Shi Huo knight had thrown his son into the 9th jail hell, however that was only for 1,000 years. This time it was 1,000 eras, that was over ten million years, and in the 9th jail hell…that was a long lasting nightmare!

All the undyings were stunned and speechless. Even if Yan Zhu had killed Luo Feng, it didn’t deserve such a severe punishment.


Chapter 711: Unstable Situation

“You lot, go back now!” Shi Huo knight ordered the 5 emperors and 12 official level undyings.

“Yes knight.”

“Yes teacher.”

The many undyings bowed respectfully. After which, Bao Jin emperor released his undying energy to wrap everyone and instantly teleported 1 light year away before they all dispersed. Afterall, if they teleported via their god country before 9 blade knight’s army, they would reveal their god country’s locations.

“Yan Zhu, release all the earthlings.” Shi Huo knight ordered.

“Yes.” Yan Zhu didn’t dare resist.

He became a beam of light flying above earth and releasing a large number of the humans back. Over a billion of them were placed randomly throughout, some chinese people appeared in North America, some white people appearing in Africa and so on, it was a mess.

For everyone to be sent back to their respective homes and for earth to regain its order, it would take at least 10 days to half a month, and this was also because of its advanced technology.

After a while!

Yan Zhu flew back.

Shi Huo knight looked at his crestfallen son and shook his head, ordering, “Let’s go.”

Rumble!

His black flames wrapped about his son and in an instant, the both of them had vanished.

Within the vast god country.

Shi Huo knight and Yan Zhu emperor appeared within on a mountain peak.

“Father!” Yan Zhu looked at Shi Huo knight, his eyes filled with rage. “Why have you sent me to the 9th jail hell, and for 1,000 eras? Don’t say it’s because of Luo Feng, I don’t believe it. Even if I killed him, it wouldn’t deserve such a severe punishment!” Yan Zhu was indeed enraged.

Even though he respected his father, this punishment was too heavy.

He could only bear with it and ask later.

He wanted to know the truth!

“Cha Luo.” Shi Huo Knight rubbed his son’s head and said softly. “This isn’t something I wanted.”

“Hm?” Yan Zhu’s eyes gleamed.

“However, my teacher ordered me to do so in this matter, saying you are getting out of hand and have to be punished heavily.” Shi Huo knight sighed. “Back then, my teacher said…to send you to the 9th starfield jail hell for 1,000 eras, that it was considered a small punishment.”

“Father, your teacher?” Yan Zhu stared wide eyed.

Rumble!

Yan Zhu felt like his brain had exploded. His father was Shi Huo knight…his position alone plus his sect within the Huge Axe Dojo was already absolute. Even against Undying knight, it wasn’t too big a difference. Even though undying knight’s position was high and he was powerful, he was a lone wolf without a sect and help. Hence Shi Huo knight wouldn’t be too afraid of him.

However…Shi Huo knight’s teacher, that was something else.

All of Shi Huo knight’s sects, the true leader of them was his teacher! Shi Huo knight…was but one of the great being’s disciples. That great being was the true powerful dictator within the Huge Axe dojo, and probably only the founder of the Huge axe dojo could suppress him.

“Void gold master!” Yan Zhu said hoarsely.

Shi Huo knight’s teacher…Void gold master!

A true dictator within humanity’s ancient and endless history. He was a true power within one of the two great leviathans of humanity, the Huge Axe dojo. Even within, he was one of the pinnacle beings, with only the founder capable of making him bow!

“Void gold master wanted to punish me?” Yan Zhu was filled with fear. “The great Void gold master, why has he taken notice of me?”

Void gold master!

High above, even the universe country leaders bowed before him, Shi Huo knight and those level of beings all bowed before him. Even the entire gold horn race…they would all shudder before him! The most ancient and powerful beings of humanity, this was the level of being he was.

To be able to hear his name from Void gold master, Yan Zhu should already feel extremely honored.

And this was within the pinnacle race of humanity, like the gold horn race and many other races, they could never produce such a level of being like Void gold master. Even within humanity itself, it took countless calamities and trials for such a being to be produced.

“Father.” Yan Zhu looked anxiously at his father, “Why has he noticed me?”

He was afraid.

Even his father was afraid of him. Yan Zhu belonged to the Void gold sect, if the master wanted to kill him, who could protect him?

“Teacher said to punish you, as for the specific details, I don’t know. Since he didn’t say it, I didn’t dare ask.” Shi Huo knight looked at his son. “However you can relax. At his level of being, how respected is it? It’s not worthy of him to deal with a small punk like you.”

“Hm hm.” Yan Zhu nodded.

“Teacher’s orders, made me suspect…whether Luo Feng has any connections with him.” Shi Huo frowned.

“Ah.” Yan Zhu was taken aback, “Father, so you treated him that well earlier, it was all because…”

“Hm, your matters on earth have drawn his attention, hence he wants to punish you.” Shi Huo knight nodded slightly. “Teacher is very protective, yet he still wants you to enter the 9th jail hell for 1,000 eras. I can only guess…that he has some connections with Luo Feng.”

“But Luo Feng is from the Virtual Universe Company and Void gold master is from the Huge Axe Dojo.” Yan Zhu said.

“I’m not sure about the details.” Shi Huo knight shook his head.

Yan Zhu could only sigh.

He anticipated the day his father could become a being like void gold master, that would be absurd. Whether it was the primal chaos city leader or void gold master, they all stood at the true pinnacle of humanity. These were beings that stood above the vast countless other races.

“Since it was teacher’s orders, then you’ll have to go serve your 1,000 eras. You’ve indeed caused much trouble these past few years, it’s time you trained. When you can control that treasure, anything under a knight shouldn’t be a threat. Even that True Yan, you’ll be able to match him. Afterall strength is absolute…Father cannot always protect you.” Shi Huo knight said.

“Hm.” Yan Zhu nodded.

Solar system.

The vast undying army led by jade emperor all became a blurry light, teleporting via their god country away. It left only Bloodthirst emperor, Dylan and Luo Feng.

“They just teleported like that?” Luo Feng was shocked. “Aren’t they afraid of their god country coordinates being revealed?”

“The one using the teleport should be an undying slave.” Blood thirst emperor smiled causally. “And after using it, that slave would have to work hard to move his god country’s position, that way, the coordinates would be useless.”

“Move the god country coordinates?” Luo Feng was curious.

“God countries lie within the slips of space, and these slips are vast and endless. Naturally, the god countries can be moved within them, leaving the original position.” Bloodthirst emperor said, “However, the movement of the god countries are extremely slow. If one searched for the coordinates immediately, that would be extremely dangerous.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Junior, do you know Shi Huo knight?” Blood thirst emperor looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng shook his head, “No, I’ve only lived for a few hundred years, how could I know him.”

“Then why was he so courteous, so strange.” Bloodthirst emperor frowned. “The knights are all powerful invincible beings of the universe. They usually can’t be bothered with little punks like you.”

“I don’t know.” Luo Feng was puzzled as well.

After which he smiled and said, “Senior, it’s rare you come around here, let’s head to earth for awhile.”

“Alright.” Bloodthirst emperor replied easily.

…

Earth, china, Yang zhou city, Luo residence.

After Luo Feng got back, he released his family.

“Dad.”

“Master.”

“Luo Feng.” The residence got busy instantly.

Luo Hong Guo said, “Little Feng, when I was kept in the world earlier, I immediately connected to the virtual universe network… contacting many of my friends before finding out that many of them were kept in a world too. I heard over a billion of them were all kept together. However they all didn’t know it was you who kept them, hence they were extremely terrified.”

“Ha…” Luo Feng laughed.

The other people of earth weren’t kept by him.

“What a mess.” Luo Feng used his spirit energy to scan. He couldn’t help but laugh as it swept past Yang Zhou city. It was a hot summer day, yet there were many white people in jackets in the city, even some nude with towels appearing in the streets. Some even appeared at the top of skyscrapers.

Virtual universe thunder island.

9 blade knight had mobilized such a huge undying army, and they had gathered at the primal region’s 9th teleportation spot. Naturally, the upper echelon of the Virtual Universe Company would know of it. The incident on earth couldn’t be hidden, many knights came over to question 9 blade.

“Haha, I’ve checked in with some good friends in the Huge Axe Dojo. It wasn’t just Shi Huo knight and undying knight. There were many other knights there that sent their elites over to earth. However Shi Huo knight’s people got there first.

“Luckily they didn’t succeed.”

“Right, if earth truly is a treasure land, it should be our Virtual Universe Company’s. That leader of earth, that punk Luo Feng, he is a genius of ours.”

“Hm.”

“9 blade, this earth seems like a very normal life planet, we should have discovered something special long ago. Just what was it that made so many of the Huge Axe Dojo knights send their people down?”

“What is special about earth 9 blade, tell us?”

“I have no clue.”

Thunder island, within 9 blade knight’s palace, the few powerful knights and universe country leaders had all come. Yet they all left after, over 8 of them had come to question 9 blade.

The palace regained its calm.

Jade emperor who was dressed in her jade armor walked in, and in the throne a silhouette appeared. It was the green robed purple scaled man. Jade Emperor bowed respectfully, “Knight.”

“Arrange it for me, I wish to see Luo Feng personally.” 9 blade knight ordered


Chapter 712: 9 Blade Knight

“Yes.” Jade emperor complied and left.

The green robed purple scaled man frowned in the palace, muttering, “Earth? Just what’s so special about this life planet, that even the Huge Axe Dojo people have gotten so crazy over it.?”

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang Mountain primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

In his study.

Luo Feng was talking to his teacher True Yan emperor on the screen.

“That sure is strange.” True Yan rubbed his chin in the screen, as he was curious. “Even if that Shi Huo knight had gone to Laos world, home of the Gold horn race, he’d be barging in and not even caring about their doyens and so on! As an absolute genius, he’s extremely arrogant. Yet, for him to show courtesy to a punk like you, how strange.”

“I thought so too.” Luo Feng was helpless.

“There must be a reason!” True Yan thought for awhile, shaking his head after and smiling. “There’s no use pondering over it. Since he was courteous to you, at least the reason behind it must be good, it shouldn’t be bad. Don’t bother about it…train well and quickly step into the sector lord level. That’s the level which is most critical to your training, it’s also the level that will determine your fate.”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng nodded heavily.

After this incident, he clearly felt how little he was. If he had reached the sector lord pinnacle level, and combined with that soldier armor…as long as he raised his law comprehension by a few more levels, he may not have a guarantee of killing an official level undying, but he was confident his strength could be comparable to one.

After all, the soldier armor’s maximum strength already made him close to one.

After chatting with his teacher, suddenly…

Du.

“Luo Feng, Jade emperor has requested a call.” Babata shouted on his shoulder.

Luo Feng was shocked, Jade emperor? This was the one of his teacher’s close friends, and 9 blade knight’s number 1 emperor level undying.

“Accept.” Luo Feng got up as a sign of respect.

A silhouette appeared on the screen. It was a jade armored extremely beautiful lady Jade Emperor, she spoke coldly, “The knight wishes to meet you, just wait in your villa, I’ll be there immediately. I will bring you to meet the knight.”

“9 blade knight?”

Luo Feng was shocked, however he still replied respectfully, “Yes!”

In an instant.

Luo Feng stood patiently in his yard outside and gazed at a beam of light flashing towards him, it was Jade emperor.

“Lord, where will we go to meet the knight?” Luo Feng asked curiously.

“You are not an undying yet, hence we cannot go to thunder island. We’ll instead go to a special place that he has created.” Jade Emperor glanced at Luo Feng. “Follow me to the teleportation point.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng followed.

They first reached the teleportation point before being sent to 9 Blade knight’s space.

The virtual universe was after all still virtual, hence it was easy to create a large space. Just like the genius competitions, they would normally be held in a created space! Even the Huge Axe Dojo’s broadcast, they were within a large island that was fixed there just for that. Normal undyings didn’t have the right to create their own space, knights however did.

9 Blade knight’s space.

“Wow.”

Luo Feng stood at the foot of the mountain, looking up at the 9 majestic mountains that pierced through the clouds, he was shocked. 9 blade like mountains, all of them reached hundreds of thousands of km high. Even with his vision, Luo Feng could barely make out the silhouette of the mountains, the middle tallest mountain was the hardest to see.

“The knight is in the 9 blade shrine.” Jade emperor led Luo Feng straight around to the center most mountain’s canyons. Within these canyons was a range of palaces, and all of them were extremely exquisite and beautiful. Of which, 9 blade shrine was the most majestic.”

Sou!

Jade emperor and Luo Feng landed before the entrance of 9 blade shrine, 2 undyings standing guard there didn’t even stop them.

“Follow me in.” Jade emperor led the way and Luo Feng obediently followed.

…

The entire shrine was engulfed in pressure.

Jade emperor walked towards the steps of the shrine and bowed respectfully, “Knight.”

“Knight.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully too.

In terms of status, Luo Feng was akin to an official level undying. Hence, he didn’t need to kneel when he saw a knight. Normal sector lords or absolute beginning region members and so on however, had to kneel as a sign of respect when they saw a knight.

“Jade, you may leave.” A clear voice resounded.

“Yes.” Jade emperor vanished.

Rumble…

The large door of the shrine closed, leaving only two people within… Luo Feng and 9 blade knight.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was shocked as he felt the door closing. He looked up and saw the green robed purple scaled man in the throne above, the aura that he emanated made people submit.

“Luo Feng.” 9 blade knight gazed down below and spoke.

“Here.” Luo Feng listened intently.

“Let me ask you.” He gazed carefully at Luo Feng and said, “Is there anything you need to report about what happened on earth?”

Luo Feng shook his head, “I’m completely puzzled.”

“From what I know, it wasn’t just undying knight and Shi Huo knight from the Huge Axe Dojo, there were many other knights that sent their people to earth. Only thing was that earth was too far, hence they all didn’t make it in time. With so many knights noticing earth and you as the leader, you should know the reason right.” 9 blade knight observed Luo Feng.

“Sir Knight, both undying knight and Shi Huo knight came to buy earth from me, however they didn’t tell me the secret.” Luo Feng said respectfully. “If I knew the secret of earth, I would have reported it long ago and not allow myself to fall into such a dangerous situation.”

9 blade knight carefully observed Luo Feng’s gaze and expression as he spoke.

Finally, he determined…

Luo Feng did indeed not know any secret.

9 blade knight immediately exclaimed, thinking that the Huge Axe Dojo has well guarded all their secrets, to not even tell Luo Feng when they went to buy it. Seemed right too…if the Virtual Universe Company knew of earth’s secret, and if it was very important, they would definitely hide it from the Huge Axe Dojo.

“Remember.” 9 blade knight’s voice got serious.

Luo Feng bowed.

“Other than the island you provided for undying knight, from now on, without the Virtual Universe Company’s orders, without my order, you are forbidden from doing any deals regarding earth.” 9 blade knight emphasized. “Especially with the knights of the Huge Axe Dojo. No matter how much benefits they give you, you are forbidden from selling earth. You just tell them…this is the order the company has give you and you cannot go against it.”

“Yes.” Luo feng replied respectfully.

“Go on!” 9 blade knight waved his hand.

Luo Feng vanished from the shrine, he had left the virtual universe.

9 blade knight frowned, muttering, “Secret? They actually kept the secret…then they can give up on acquiring earth.”

After meeting 9 blade, especially hearing his final order, Luo Feng very easily understood the reason. Obviously the upper echelon of the Huge Axe Dojo knew of earth’s secrets and the Virtual Universe Company didn’t. Hence the two of them were in a deadlock. Without them telling the company about the secret, they couldn’t even think about getting it.

“Luo Feng, Hong’s message.”

Not long after chatting with 9 blade knight, Luo Feng received a mail from Hong…scheduling a meeting in 9 star bay.

Virtual universe, black dragon mountain island 9 star bay.

In the quiet yard.

Luo Feng, Hong and the white robed Thunder god gathered.

“The earth sure is in a mess.” Thunder god exclaimed. “The moment I’m not here things get so messed up.”

“It’ll still be messy with you here.” Hong smiled. “This matter is very complex, it’s involves the knights and so on.”

“You know about it too big brother?” Luo Feng looked shocked at Hong.

Hong smiled and nodded, “When the billions of people were kept in the world, some friends contacted me via the virtual universe network and told me about it. I was greatly shocked, and after investigating a little, I knew of Shi Huo knight and how he sent his undyings to earth.”

Thunder god didn’t even get how special these words were.

Luo Feng however was shocked.

“You can check on such things?” Luo Feng stared in disbelief.

The Huge Axe Dojo was an elite organization like the Virtual Universe Company. The internal matters were governed extremely strictly. The positions and authority were separated very clearly, different levels had different amounts of authority! To be able to check up on how Shi Huo knight sent some undyings to earth, this was unbelievable.

“It’s fine now right?” Hong smiled.

“It’s fine, everybody’s been returned back to earth.” Luo Feng still looked curiously at Hong.

“I won’t ask about this, but I’ll ask about you and Shi Huo knight… they didn’t trouble you too much right.” Hong asked.

“No.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“Hm, I guessed so.” Hong exclaimed. “Having Void Gold master as support sure is a good thing. He barely said a few words to Shi Huo knight and he actually listened obediently.”

“Void gold master?” Luo Feng stared, “Who is that?”

The white robed thunder god looked shocked at Hong.

Shi Huo knight…that was a being that opened a universe country. To obediently listen to the words of Void gold master, just what terrifying being was this guy.

“Void gold master, 3rd brother, you should know of him.” Hong laughed. “We’ve both been to primal chaos city, you should know there are 52 primal chaos tablets.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“There’s one particular one, called the Sky ruins tablet, and the creator of this tablet…is the great Void gold master.” Hong laughed. “That’s a true absolute being, even the universe country leaders have to kneel before him.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

Sky ruins tablet was considered very powerful amongst the 52. According to the heavenly bridge’s levels, this tablet had 26 levels, just 1 short of the 9 universe tablet Luo Feng studied. In the overall rankings, it was within the top 10!

The huge axe tablet was 1st, the universe tablet was 2nd…

52 tablets, every one of the creators of these tables were true pillars of humanity!

“Void gold master, this, this…” Luo Feng looked shocked at Hong, “Big brother, How do you know him?”

“Luck.” Hong laughed.


Chapter 713: Hong’s Encounters

Luo Feng was stunned, his encounters were already not bad, having received guidance from Tian Shi palace’s leaders back then, and even speaking to undying knight. However, he didn’t expect his big brother Hong to have connections with Void gold master.

That was a being that created a primal chaos tablet. In Luo Feng’s imagination…the 52 creators of the tablets were the strongest 52 in the history of humanity. Even if his guess was wrong, it wouldn’t be too far off. And the Sky ruins tablet was among the top 10!

How powerful was that?

Humanity was a pinnacle race, and one of the top 10 amongst the entire pinnacle race. Such a being…it made others shudder within.

“What luck?” Luo Feng asked.

“Big brother.” Thunder god stared too. “I heard you talk about 52 tablets before. Those who are able to create those tablets are all absolute beings of countless eras, and you actually know such a being?”

In truth, Luo Feng, Hong and Thunder god were all ants in the universe. It was unbelievable that such ants knew such pinnacle beings.

“Let me explain that luck to you.” Hong smiled and exclaimed. “Back then when I took part in the special elites training camp, I was finally recruited into the Huge Axe Dojo’s core, also proceeding to primal chaos city to train. Didn’t I tell you before that I came out from the city?”

“Hm.” Luo Feng and Thunder god nodded.

“After leaving the city, I was placed to receive some nurturing from the Huge Axe Dojo.” Hong sighed. “And just yesterday, I felt the urge to go attempt the Fantasy island, after that attempt… everything happened.”

Luo Feng and Thunder god held their breaths.

Fantasy island?

With their big brother’s mental strength, how far could he go? However the consciousness pressure of Fantasy island was more terrifying as it got further, even their big brother shouldn’t be able to get too far.

“I went through each island after island.” Hong exclaimed. “It was very powerful, it got harder and harder as I got further, the consciousness pressure was terrifying…even for me. I was forced to my limits, finally making it to the 21st island with much difficulty. But, it’s a pity that I failed there.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

“Big brother, you actually failed?” Thunder god was curious.

“2nd brother, what do you know.” Luo Feng cursed, looking at disbelief at Hong. “You…you made it to the 21st level? Just one more step and you’d have finished it?”

“Hm.” Hong nodded.

“How’s that possible, it’s impossible.” Luo Feng shook his head. “The consciousness pressure gets more terrifying. At the 10th level, it’s already an undying’s consciousness pressure, and the 21st is that of a knight. Big brother, you are only at universe level, how’d you withstand the 20th island pressure?”

Hong laughed.

“3rd brother, let me ask you.” Hong asked. “Back then, when you were at universe level, how far did you make it?”

“I made it to the 10th island and failed.” Luo feng said.

“A sector lord pinnacle may not even pass the 9th island, and yet you passed it at universe level, why?” Hong asked. “If we disregard the illusions behind it, how’d you withstand the consciousness pressure?”

Luo Feng replied, “My willpower was the general, consciousness is the soldiers. With willpower leading, my heart was like a blade, naturally my consciousness and willpower condensed into stone and forcefully withstood the pressure.”

“Haha…”

Hong laughed, “Against a tsunami of consciousness pressure, you know how to condense your willpower and consciousness into a stone. This is considered the 1st level in the 3 levels of mental states. However, the reason why you failed is because you had reached the limit of it, too firm and unyielding!”

“If your mental state training is at your 2nd brother’s level, who is able to adapt, then it would be different. With that level of mental state, against the tide of pressure, you’d be soft and gentle, hard when necessary, yet soft when it needs to be. Adapting to each situation, you’d naturally be able to pass the pressure.”

“Of course, reaching this 2nd level man and nature as one, the perfect harmony, it would only take you to maybe the 14th and 15th islands. The pressure gets more terrifying after that.”

“Even the 3rd level, limitless heart, encompassing all, the pressure was within my limits. Without a limit within, I naturally wouldn’t crumble from the pressure.” Hong shook his head and smiled. “However, it’s a pity that I had just broken through to the 3rd level, without it being fully perfect yet. Hence I failed at the 21st island.”

Luo Feng blinked hard.

Damn.

His big brother was absurd.

“When I failed at the 21st island, the upper echelons of the Huge Axe Dojo immediately knew of it. This included Void gold master and the founder of the Huge Axe Dojo.” Hong exclaimed. “The great founder gave the order to lockdown this news. Hence even the knights didn’t know of this.’

Luo Feng nodded.

Passing the 20 islands at universe level, this was indeed a terrifying thing, it had attracted the attention of the great beings.

“The founder immediately accepted me as a disciple.” Hong smiled. “However, the great founder is still one of the greatest beings of humanity. He wouldn’t have the time to guide me, hence he arranged for Void gold master to teach me first and when I become an emperor level undying, only then would I have the right to go listen to his teachings. Only then would I be considered a true disciple of his. Right now I’m not considered his disciple at all.”

Luo Feng was completely stunned.

Miraculous encounter!

Miraculous encounter!

Back then during the genius competitions, even Bolan didn’t have the right to learn from the knights. Only Rong Jun managed to get a knight teacher, and he himself was under True Yan emperor. It could be seen that the knights were proud and were lazy to accept geniuses as disciples. He didn’t expect his big brother Hong to actually exceed everything.

He became a disciple of humanity’s strongest Huge Axe Dojo founder!

Even though it was just in name, it was already impressive.

At least now with Hong receiving guidance from Void gold master, and later on after he became an emperor level undying, he could move on to be taught by the founder himself.

“Big brother, Huge Axe Dojo founder. His tablet ranks top amongst the 52 tablets.” Luo Feng looked at him.

“It was simply because of my attempt at the Fantasy island.” Hong shook his head and smiled. “Even though the mental state training does nothing to your training, it’s afterall void and intangible. During a true battle, one relies on his spirit energy and genetic energy etc, the true tangible strength.”

“Even if my mental state is powerful, a sector lord can still kill me in just one move.”

“It acts as a support, only true strength is absolute.” Hong exclaimed.

Luo feng smiled.

Thunder god laughed.

“Stop acting.” Thunder god laughed.

“Seriously.” Luo Feng laughed too, “If Silver snow official’s Ji Shi’s family gets news of you becoming the founder’s disciple, receiving guidance from Void gold master, they’d go mad from regret!”

Hong laughed indifferently.

Hong had exceeded everything, his backing now was shocking.

“Void gold master had told me before.” Hong shook his head, “Comprehending the laws has great requirements on blending with them…some may comprehend hundreds to thousands of times faster than others, as their comprehension is deeper and clearer. It’s a pity my comprehension is only considered not bad. However it’s still hundreds to thousands of times lousier than absolute geniuses like you 3rd brother.”

“And with good mental state training supporting, I can at most raise it 2 to 3 times. However it still pales in comparison to geniuses.” Hong laughed. “Void gold master even said that my training time will be very long.”

Luo Feng and Thunder god listened intently.

“My mental state training is high, and almost all of the illusions have no effect on me. Hence…he designed a path for me to go towards, as an illusionist fighter.” Hong laughed. “Attacking physically along with illusions. This is the best route for me.”

“Illusionist fighter?” Luo Feng and thunder god were both stunned.

“Big brother.” Thunder god was shocked. “With your mental state at that level, if you use illusions, who’d be able to withstand it?”

Hong laughed, “Even though my position is high now, in order to protect me, everything has been confidential. I’m still an outermost member, even the knights don’t know about this.”

Luo Feng nodded, feeling happy for his big brother.

His two brothers’ talents were far from his own. They were most proficient in mental states, and his big brother used it to jump far ahead. However, a teacher is still but a teacher, for the disciple to get strong, he’d have to train one step at a time.

“2nd brother.” Hong looked at Thunder god.

“Hm?” Thunder god was stunned.

“I also recommended you to Void gold master, saying you’ve reached a high level in mental state training.” Hong laughed. “He’s already arranged for one of his disciples to accept you, he will be contacting you soon.”

Thunder god stared wide eyed.

…

Luo Feng couldn’t help but feel happy as he looked at his brothers.

Back then on earth, the 3 of them had very close levels in strength. However, after reaching universe level, his own improvements have been absurd. He was even capable of killing an undying now! However his two brothers fell behind by a lot…and yet, they all had their own encounters now.

“Come on.”

“My two brothers, it’s not just you. There are the other geniuses of humanity, and even the absolute geniuses of the other countless races, some have strong teachers, and others with their own miraculous encounters, others talents simply heavenly.”

“I Luo Feng too will definitely exceed the countless humans and stand at the top.”

“Definitely!”

Luo Feng was burning with fighting spirit.

There was only meaning with competition. After being attacked by the bug clan, his perspectives had grown, and so have his ambitions!

Ke Di?

Shi Huo knight?

Geniuses with absolute beings teaching them?

“I want to be stronger than all of them!” Luo Feng muttered.

…

The 3 brothers chatted within the yard.

“Big brother.” Luo Feng asked. “Why did the knights of the Huge Axe Dojo send all their undyings to buy earth, just what is that about? What is earth’s secret? What about earth has made all of the knights act so madly, you should know it right?”

“Hm.” Hong nodded, “This I do know.”


Chapter 714: Earth’s Secret

“When I passed 20 of the Fantasy islands consecutively, it was a miraculous thing. A universe level passing 20 islands was an unbelievable event. It made the founder and Void gold master take notice, and they quickly learnt that you and 3rd brother, are both from earth.” Hong looked at Luo Feng. “3rd brother, you’ve been regarded as a genius of ten thousand eras, and my passing of the 20 islands…that was even rarer.”

“Two geniuses from the same life planet, same generation.”

“This was unbelievable to them!” Hong said.

Luo Feng nodded.

During the genius competitions back then, 1,000 of them were picked from 1,008 universe countries. On average, it was about 1 per country. The chances were already low enough. And with Luo Feng’s absurd improvement speed, he became a rare genius of ten thousand eras. That was 1 genius from 1,008 universe countries, over ten thousand eras! And that genius was from earth, how low were the chances?

And Hong, such an unbelievable human, was even rarer, and he too was from earth, and he was in the same generation as Luo Feng.

“Hence!”

“The founder of the Huge axe Dojo thought there may be something special about earth, otherwise what are the chances? He immediately headed to earth to check it out, and with that…he discovered earth’s secret.” Hong said.

Luo Feng and thunder god held their breaths.

The absolute being, founder of the Huge Axe Dojo actually came to check out earth.

“What secret?” Thunder couldn’t help but ask.

“What did he find?” Luo Feng was anxious too.

“The true secret, it’s terrifying.” Hong emphasized.

Thunder god quickly said, “Can we say this secret in the virtual universe. Whatever we say here may be discovered by the virtual universe system.”

“Relax.”

Hong laughed, “Back then when I met the founder of the Huge Axe Dojo, we had a chat about it. And also when I met and chatted with void gold master, I asked him about the safety of this issue. He replied…that it’s absolutely safe, even if the upper echelon of the Virtual Universe Company wanted to find out some information. Different levels of management had different levels authority. Hence nothing will be revealed. Unless you are a traitor of humanity or danger to the company, otherwise there’s no need to worry.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The Virtual Universe Company was terrifying. Whether one was in an internal world, god country, actual universe, dark universe or primal universe…one could enter the virtual universe at anytime and communicate with others.

This ability was heavenly.

“Don’t bother about the system, what is earth’s secret, big brother? Stop keeping us in suspense.” Luo Feng asked.

Hong put down his teacup and emphasized. “When the founder came to check out earth, he discovered…that earth had long been remodeled.”

“Remodeled?” Thunder god was curious.

“What remodeling?” Luo Feng asked.

“The founder told me…that a trillion years ago, earth was remodeled by an absolute being. Normal life planets usually only had resources for people to survive. Earth however is very special. As long as one was born here, especially affected by earth’s formless influence during pregnancy period, their souls will have special evolutions.”

“Hm?”Luo Feng and thunder god stared wide eyed.

Evolution?

“One of the evolution effects of the humans of earth, is in the mental state side…it’s easier for them to comprehend and raise their mental states.” Hong emphasized. “Hence, in the history of earth, within just china alone, there are many sacred beings with extremely high levels of mental states.”

“What?” the two stared in disbelief.

“I didn’t believe it too.” Hong shook his head and exclaimed. “However the great founder found marks of the remodeling and deduced…the identity of that being.”

“Who was it?” Luo Feng asked.

“The founder didn’t say. However, when he chatted with Void gold master, I heard the gist of it.” Hong shook his head. “That great being had unbelievable power, and even Void gold master said he was weaker than him. Only the founder of the Huge Axe Dojo could stand on par with him.”

Luo Feng felt it was unbelievable.

The founder of the Huge Axe Dojo, he was a true absolute being of humanity. And that great being could actually stand on par with him?

“The founder had exclaimed before…that that great being was impressive. He had once created an entire race, creating body evolution in strength, resulting in an evolved powerful race. The only weakness was…in terms of mental states, they were weaker. I think they were called the Flame god race.” Hong said.

“Flame god race?” Thunder god was suspicious.

Luo Feng however was completely stunned.

The secret Hong had revealed was simply too heavenly. That great being which actually created the entire race was the Flame god race! He himself had acquired the black metal board on earth and within it were the words of the flame god race, it was a manual used to evolve one’s body…now that he had heard it, he sort of guessed.

“According to the founder and Void gold master’s exchange.” Hong exclaimed, “That great being, had once taken a group of humans to evolve them, finally creating an entire new race called the flame god race!”

“Flame god race, it centered about body evolution, but it’s weakness was in mental states.”

“Maybe because of that, the great being remodeled earth. It was like a basket to him, he would catch a group of humans and place them on earth, wanting to let the many generations of humans evolve and produce beings that were extremely adept at mental states.” Hong said. “In an ancient time long ago, earth wasn’t even a human territory. Hence the great being could naturally nurture his humans that way. However later on, the territory earth was in was taken over by humans. Hence that being had to leave.”

Luo Feng and Thunder god stared wide eyed.

Luo Feng however believed it.

A great being of a race…

Like the being that left behind the demon note inheritance. He too had to leave when humanity took over the region! Demon mountain was separated into Ice mountain and demon note mountain, of which the demon note inheritance was in demon note mountain. Luo Feng naturally suspected there was another inheritance left in the ice mountain.

One had to know that the universe was vast and mysterious, producing trillions of races. Humanity was but one of them.

Naturally, there would be some other great beings from other races!

There would be the strong and also the weak, the strong were comparable to humanity’s strongest!

“They are too powerful. They were able to create an entire race, Flame god race…so it was created by that great being.” Luo Feng was extremely shocked. “Earth was used as a nurturing ground to nurture other races. Only later on it was taken over by humanity. Hence, that being had to leave.”

“Unbelievable.” Thunder god stared and said.

“There are many unbelievable things.” Hong smiled. “Even though humans are a pinnacle race, there are many others in the vast universe, who are even stronger and more powerful, along with countless other middle and weak races. Maybe if they are alone, they are weaker than humans, however with the trillions of races added together, who knows how many absolute beings there are.”

Luo Feng nodded.

There were many super powers around, like the beast god in Blood River world, like the founder of demon mountain, the creator of the flame god race…and other pinnacle beings such as the creator of the 52 primal chaos tablets in primal chaos city. Those beings couldn’t be too far off.

…

Luo Feng and Thunder god were obviously still reeling from the shock.

“This great being had used countless amounts of energy to remodel earth, how much do you think earth is worth?”

“Limitless.” Thunder god said.

“At least more than a universe country.” Luo Feng nodded too.

As a member of one of the pinnacle beings of the universe, the remodeled earth naturally was a true treasure.

“With earth as the center of remodeling, the surrounding 1,000 light years and countless planets have been remodeled slightly too. The entire remodeling had earth as its core.” Hong said, “Hence, earth has to remain in this specific solar system, it cannot be moved away. The moment it’s moved, it will lose its special attributes.”

“The remodeled earth is very special.”

“Even if it’s damaged, and left with remains, as time flows, it will naturally reform itself.” Hong laughed. “The founder of the Huge Axe Dojo also discovered over the long passages of time, that after the great being left, earth has been almost destroyed 12 times. Yet, time and again it reformed itself.”

“Ah.”

Luo Feng and Thunder god could only listen.

Even though mental state was important, it was as intangible as anything else.

To become strong, there were a few requirements such as talent, willpower and resources.

Resource referred to training techniques, teachers and other treasures to get strong. If one didn’t have training techniques, just like earth during the great nirvana period, even the sacred people of the time wouldn’t be able to last. The past earth lacked just that.

Talent, one without talent may become strong, but it was hard for them to become an absolute warrior. Others train for a day while that person may take 10 years, how could they compare?

Willpower, even with talent and resources, if one didn’t have willpower, unable to take the solitude…they wouldn’t make it far. Becoming an absolute power required extreme willpower.

The three of them were all important.

People with strong mental states naturally had strong willpower! And sufficient patience!

Strong mental state, it could also be used to defend against illusions etc.

Hence to the entire humanity…placing a few strong bloodlines on earth to be influenced by it, when their children were born, they only needed to train and teach it well for their mental states to easily rise. The moment that happened…including the bloodline and talent, with large amount of resources, the number of absolute warriors would greatly rise.

“Mental state is but an assistant to becoming an absolute warrior.” Hong said. “My appearance has shocked the upper echelon of the Huge Axe Dojo, but earth’s appearance was what truly gave them a surprise. Afterall, when one reaches the level of Void gold master or the founder of the Huge Axe Dojo, they all had absurd levels of power. They could all create their own race while others may not be able to do so. Naturally they realized the importance of earth.”

Luo Feng sighed.

Everything was clear now.

Earth’s background, it involved a great being.

“I’m the leader of earth, with such a treasure, I will face a lot of trouble next time.” Luo Feng thought. “Who cares, I’ll let the Virtual Universe Company deal with the Huge Axe Dojo.”


Chapter 715: Luo Feng’s Choice

After knowing earth’s secret, Luo Feng was clear that earth was a nurturing basket for which a great being had spent countless amounts of energy in remodeling. It’s worth was immeasurable and wasn’t something he could control alone.

It was like a treasure wanted by two gods, however a child had gotten it instead. It wasn’t a windfall but instead a disaster! The gods wouldn’t care about the child’s death. To the Huge Axe Dojo and Virtual Universe Company, Luo Feng wasn’t even an ant.

“Just wait.” Luo Feng thought so.

…

However the Virtual Universe Company and the Huge Axe Dojo’s upper echelon were moving very swiftly, just 3 hours after Luo Feng’s conversation with his brothers…

Virtual universe, Yu Xiang Mountain primal region. Luo Feng’s villa welcomed two guests.

“Luo Feng!”

A clear voice resounded within his villa, and within everyone’s ears. Luo Feng quickly flew out and landed in the yard.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked up and got a shock, “9 blade knight!”

Two silhouettes were chatting and walking over. One of them was the green armored man with purple scales on his head, 9 blade knight. Beside him was a lady in ancient red armor, she wore a veil on her face, revealing only her jade green eyes.

They walked in mid air and instantly landed in the villa.

“This lady is walking beside 9 blade knight, she must be a knight too.” Luo Feng thought.

“Greetings knight.”

Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

9 blade knight and the jade eyed lady glanced at Luo Feng. The lady smiled and said, “This must be Luo Feng. His luck is really good, to actually own a territory with such a special place like earth.”

“Haha…” 9 blade laughed too, his gaze landing on Luo Feng, “Luo Feng, let’s talk in the living room.”

“Yes knight.”

Luo Feng respectfully led the two knights into the living room.

The doors closed behind them.

Even though his living room was far from a god shrine, it was still very spacious. 9 blade knight and the lady sat casually about, while Luo Feng stood beside them.

“No need to be nervous.” The lady’s voice was like a 100 bird calls. It made one feel comfortable, “I represent the virtual universe company and I’m here to discuss matters about earth.”

“It’s here.” Luo Feng thought.

He didn’t dare speak as he thought, as he was very clear about the fact that he was just a piece of meat and the Virtual Universe Company was the knife!

“The Ganwu universe country is within the control of our Virtual Universe Company. The entire universe country belongs to the company. Technically, as long as the company orders it, we can take away your rights to earth.” The lady said indifferently.

Luo Feng listened obediently.

“However, the company has decided to act according to the rules.” She flipped her hand and a file appeared. “Take a look, these are the deals the company has arranged for you regarding earth. There are two transactions, it’s up to you to choose.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng received it respectfully.

He exclaimed within…

For the Virtual Universe Company to come up with these transactions, it represented them giving him two choices. However, about the underlying message , he was clear about what they meant…he only had two choices, nothing else!

This was tyranny!

However everybody would understand that this was natural. It was something done by one of the two great leviathans of humanity, naturally this was how it was going to be. And they even gave Luo Feng two choices…this was already kindness on their part.

“There are two files, but the 1st has more benefits for you. Pick whichever you want.” The lady said.

Luo Feng looked at the files.

The contents weren’t complex at all, it was mainly explaining the two deals.

The 1st was Luo Feng selling earth to the Virtual Universe Company, everything in regards to earth from then on would be handled by the company! Of course, with regards to the promise Luo Feng had given, about giving undying knight an island…the company would handle that.

By selling earth, Luo Feng would get 200 billion mixed elements.

Even though the number was huge, any knight would be able to easily fork it out. Compared to the worth of earth…200 billion was extremely little. However, for the company to be willing to give Luo Feng this much, it was already not bad.

For the sake of his safety however, they wouldn’t give it all at once to him.

As the huge wealth would make many undyings go mad for, there would be those willing to take risks to deal with Luo Feng and steal his wealth.

Hence…

The file stated the following.

At Domain lord level, Luo Feng would get 20 million mixed elements.

At Sector lord level, Luo Feng would get 2 hundred million mixed elements.

At Undying level, Luo Feng would get the remaining 199.78 billion mixed elements.

The 1st deal concluded that way. This was all in consideration for Luo Feng, Two hundred million mixed elements may not be much for a primal region sector lord member, but it was still ok.

The 2nd deal, considered the fact that Luo Feng maintained his position of earth being his home even against the Huge Axe Dojo, unwilling to sell it. Hence it came up with a plan.

The details were, The humans of earth could remain there. However, the entire earth’s surface area was close to 1.5 hundred million km. It’s sea surface area was 3.6 hundred million km, its sea surface area was much bigger. With the humans living on land, all of the air above the sea would belong to the Virtual Universe Company, and the company would build a floating city etc over it.

Also it promised…

That there would be nothing over the land areas.

It was obvious the company was giving way to Luo Feng in this, allowing the humans of earth to remain on earth, and only building floating cities over the sea areas. With the promise that it wouldn’t disrupt the lives of the humans of earth, also…giving large amount of resources to nurture the people of earth.

This deal had much lower benefits. Luo Feng could at most receive 50 billion mixed elements, this was only ¼ of the 1st option.

These were how he would be paid.

At Domain lord level, he would get 5 million mixed elements.

At Sector lord level, he would get 50 million mixed elements.

At Undying level, he would get the remaining 49.95 billion mixed elements.

…

There was silence in the living room.

9 blade knight and the lady waited patiently, Luo Feng looked at the files and finally looked up.

“Have you finished?” The lady asked Luo Feng.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

The two deals may seem like he was being bullied, with the first giving 200 billion mixed elements and the 2nd only giving 50 billion. Also, the payments were divided into 3 payouts! Luo Feng however was very clear…his right of earth, was something the Virtual Universe Company could easily take from him, without leaving him a single cent. Even the deal Yan Zhu emperor had tried to deal with him before had the highest price of only 1 billion mixed elements.

It was obvious that in the upper echelon’s eyes…

Luo Feng was a lucky punk.

To actually give him these benefits was already an act of kindness from them. Their little action alone naturally was a huge amount.

Two deals.

Especially the 2nd one, Luo Feng was very satisfied with. At least the humans of earth needn’t change their lifestyles. The Virtual Universe Company would at most build their floating cities above the sea regions and promised not to disrupt the earth humans lives. Without any other circumstance, this was already a good deal.

“Which will you pick?” The lady looked at Luo Feng, “You have to pick one.”

“The 2nd.” Luo Feng said.

“The 2nd?”

Both knights revealed a look of shock as they exchanged glances.

She laughed, her voice resounding in his ears. “You must think carefully. The 1st is a reward of 200 billion, but the 2nd only gives 50 billion…the differences is 150 billion mixed elements. Even a knight would feel the pinch from such an amount, can you give it up? If your comrades leave earth, can’t they still lead their lives?”

“Do you want to change your choice?” The lady looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng shook his head and said softly, “It’s my home, I have no other choice. I cannot let my countless comrades leave their homes.”

The lady and 9 blade knight both had a sense of appreciation within their eyes. There were many powerful warriors in the universe, over the long dangerous journeys, they would risk everything for treasures. 150 billion was such a treasure, and was able to buy many items and important treasures, and it was enough to make countless undyings go crazy for it.

For home, he was willing to give it up?

Many warriors would respect Luo Feng’s choice.

Respect was respect…however there would still be many that would simply pick the 1st choice. Afterall, only few recognized the importance of home that much.

“This is the contract.”

“With the acknowledgement of the virtual universe system, signing this contract means it’s settled.” The lady flipped her hand and another folder appeared, it was the contract.

The lady first signed and passed it along to Luo Feng.

Luo Feng signed his name as well.

…

Within the living room.

Luo Feng sat alone, 9 blade knight and the jade eyed lady had already left.

“Luo Feng.” Babata shouted happily. “The universe galaxy bank has sent a mail, your total has increased by 5 million mixed elements. The 1st amount from the agreement has already been deposited. That was fast.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng sat in his sofa. Leaning back, he lifted a cup of amber colored wine.

“Why?” Babata asked curiously on Luo Feng’s shoulder. He felt that Luo Feng was somewhat fatigued.

“Nothing.”

Luo Feng said softly, “I feel weak!”

“Weak?” Babata blinked.

“Against the Huge Axe Dojo and Virtual Universe Company, even against Shi Huo knight, 9 blade knight and Yan Zhu emperor…I have no way to withstand them at all.” Luo Feng said softly, after which he downed the amber colored wine.

“Being weak is not wrong, accepting and letting yourself stay weak is the problem!” Babata shouted. “Even the great founder of the Huge Axe Dojo, or the founder of the Virtual Universe Company, those pinnacle beings, which one of them didn’t start from a weak little thing, only slowly growing until they could stand at the pinnacle of trillions of races?”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with anticipation. That burning passion was enough to melt a glacier. “Only through growth and my own strength, would I be able to truly get strong. Babata, you are right, I need to keep on moving one step at a time, until I become an absolute being.”


Chapter 716: Hong Alliance?

After the contract was signed, things were naturally carried out according to the contract.

The Huge Axe Dojo wouldn’t dare come find Luo Feng again. Also, the Virtual Universe Company’s efficiency was extremely high, as it immediately sent large amounts of people via god country teleportation to earth, and began to build their floating city. They also started building a shrine in the outer regions of the solar system, its size was almost comparable to the sun.

In this shrine, absolute beings were stationed. Afterall, earth was simply too important.

“The Virtual Universe Company did promise not to disrupt the lives of the people.” Luo Feng saw everything happen himself.

…

Luo Feng, who had been patiently staying on earth, was also waiting for the results of the highest point mission. Afterall, he massacred at an extreme level during the 1st level’s Flame god organization mission…as for the completion rate, he didn’t know the results yet.

5 days later.

“Luo Feng, mail, mail.” Babata’s voice resounded in his mind.

Luo Feng who was in the yard sipping tea with his brother Luo Hua sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network. Virtual universe Yu Xiang Mountain primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

Within his study.

The moment he sat down, Babata, who was on his shoulder said with a glee, “It’s from the Virtual Universe Company, and the subject is related to the highest point mission.”

“Hm.”

Luo feng gently tapped the screen and opened the mail.

The details were…

“You’ve already completed the 1st level of the highest point mission. The members have judged that your final completion rate is 82%, hence you will get 82,000 points. This also means that you have the right to move on to the 2nd level.”

“Evaluation: The mission was for you Luo Feng to judge the 18 executives of the Flame wind organization, it didn’t ask for you to judge their guards along with their corrupted guests and clients. You however massacred everybody, killing over a million of them. Obviously, you are blood thirsty by nature, and you even used claws and close combat, not even feeling any disdain from killing over a million of them. Also, your gaze hardly even changed…you enjoy killing from within, you love the thrill from close combat, this is a bit dangerous. Humans are innately not a bloodthirsty race, even though the population is extremely huge, there are very few with bloodthirst in their bones.”

“Even the races in the universe that are bloodthirsty, they are extremely few.”

“However!”

“When you kill, you are cold and collected, as to who to kill and who not to, you are distinct. To kill over a million and not let the blood affect you…still clearly making distinct decisions on who to kill and who to spare, it’s obvious you are not controlled by the bloodthirst, it hasn’t affected your core.”

“In summary, despite your blood thirsty nature, we still gave you 82% completion!”

Luo Feng immediately laughed when he saw the mail.

82% completion? That was risky, he almost ended the highest point mission immediately.

The evaluation did make sense.

Right.

The mission had told him to judge the 18 executives, yet he killed everybody within the organization, and even the corrupted clients and their underlings.

“According to the evaluation, they let me pass because they could see I was calm and collected, and was not affected by the massacre.” Luo Feng laughed. Even though it made sense, however if they had let him do the mission again, the result would still be the same. Luo Feng would never change the way he did things just from some evaluation.

That scums, they were the vermin of humanity.

They were completely corrupt!

If he didn’t see it, it would be fine. But since he saw everything and knew the truth, he naturally had to kill them!

“I’ll just do things my way, who cares how many points I get.” Luo Feng thought. “I don’t wish to change the way I do things because of their words.”

“Di!”

A new mail appeared on the screen. Babata shouted out, “It’s the 2nd level.”

Luo Feng smiled and opened the mail. The subject read ‘Highest Point mission 2nd level.’

Details…

“This mission is the 2nd level of the highest point mission.”

“Mission background: In the Gu Lun universe country region, there’s a powerful emperor level undying Blood demon emperor. He is a lone wolf and antisocial in nature, he’s also not a member of the 5 leviathans. Within the universe country he controls the Du Tuo star field. That is his sole territory, and it’s completely under his control. As he is an important member of the Hong Alliance, he has absolute control over this area and the Gu Lun universe country itself has no power over it.”

Luo Feng was interested in the words background.

Hong Alliance!

“Hong alliance?” Luo Feng frowned and muttered, “And it says that Blood demon emperor is a lone wolf, anti social in nature. Yet he is an important member of the Hong alliance.”

“It’s simple, it shows that the alliance is a lax one, and that it doesn’t have many requirements from its members. Only a lax alliance would let lone wolf members join.” Babata exclaimed on his shoulder. “However, the requirements to join this alliance must be a harsh one. After following your teacher for so many years, we’ve never even heard of it. This shows that he didn’t have the rights to even join them.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He recalled back then in demon note mountain in the demon note inheritance palace, there were two undyings that spoke when they reached the core. Luo Feng clearly remembered their conversation.

“Ah, how come there are only 8 palaces without people, the rest are all filled?”

“Hm? That’s weird, the report from Hong Alliance stated that there were 9 empty. Hm, who cares, we are just two people. Whether it’s 8 or 9, we have our spaces.”

The simple conversation between the two undyings back then was enough to perk Luo Feng’s curiosity.

The demon note inheritance was obviously very valuable. After chatting with his teacher True Yan, it also showed him…that he had taken the slot of Drizzle mist emperor! A slot so valuable even to an emperor level undying…yet it was decided by the Virtual Universe Company or Huge Axe Dojo, it was from a Hong alliance he had never heard of.

Luo Feng had a feeling.

The Hong alliance’s influence must be huge!

“It is indeed powerful.”

“A lone wolf, just because he’s an important member of the alliance, he controls a starfield and can operate it independent of the universe country. It’s his own country.” Luo Feng exclaimed. Even though there were countries like the Black Dragon Mountain empire etc within the Ganwu universe country along with other undying lands.

The Ganwu universe country still had control over them.

He was shocked by this mysterious Hong alliance. He quickly connected to the virtual network and started searching for it, gently tapping the screen.

“Di.”

Search complete.

It was completely blank.

“Damn, my authority is already really high, yet I cannot find anything about them. Just how high in power are they…where are they from?” Luo Feng thought, immediately searching up on Blood demon emperor.

Di!

One piece of information popped up.

Luo Feng opened it to read.

“Blood demon emperor, name Du Tuo, he is arrogant and has incredible strength and power. He was extremely powerful even amongst the emperor level undyings. He’s been stationed for a long time in Du Tuo starfield, and has 36 undyings under him. He’s a big independent power from the Gu Lun universe country.”

This information didn’t mention the Hong alliance, however it mentioned his undying underlings etc.

Luo Feng sat at his desk and pondered about the information regarding Blood demon emperor and the Hong alliance. Even though it was little, he could only deduce…that this arrogant Blood demon emperor, being a part of the Hong alliance, only showed that the alliance was…extremely powerful. Even the slots for the demon note inheritance were decided by them.

Luo Feng shook his head and continued reading the mission details.

“Mission details: Within the Du Tuo Starfield that Blood demon emperor controls, there’s a very brutal test called the Blood demon trials. This has later been called the Blood demon hell by the people of the Du Tuo starfield. This trial would be organized over tens of thousands of galaxies in the star field, however the period of time over which it stretched was very long. However in a month, the Meng Ya galaxy and the Wei Li galaxy will begin its trials simultaneously.

The Meng Ya galaxy will hold a High level demon trial. The trial details state that capturing and placing 1 million star level humans onto a mineral planet, making them fight it out and slaughter until only 10 are left. Only then will the trial stop. The remaining 10 will be absorbed into Blood demon planet.

The Wei Li galaxy will hold a low level blood demon trail. The trial details states that capturing 10 billion star traveller level humans, fighting until only 100 are left. The final 100 will be absorbed into Blood demon planet.

The death rate is too high.

10 billion being reduced to 100, 1 million star levels down to 10…this high death rate has made the people of the star field incredibly terrified of the trials. However, the entire starfield is suppressed by the government, as they’ve gotten rid of any advanced technology. Many planets don’t even have universe ships, or even basic technological tools.

Du Tuo starfield is a huge cage.

However, Blood Demon emperor, outside of the trials, has been very kind towards his countless life planets. As he doesn’t kill too much and has never breached the limit, we cannot punish him.

Mission request:

Both trials will be held simultaneously in Meng Ya and Wei Li galaxy. As they are separated…Luo Feng, even with your undying guard’s god country teleportation, you’ll only be able to save one galaxy.

Your mission is…

Stop the Blood demon trail, and save the members by keeping them in a world ring.

As for which galaxy to save, it’s your choice! Please remember, that the moment the mission begins, your synchronized broadcast will be turned on. All details of the mission will be sent to the virtual universe.

The billions of lives are in your hands…

Luo Feng, you decide!

If your final completion rate reaches 80%, you can move on to the 3rd level. If it’s below 80%, the highest point mission ends.”

The details weren’t long, Luo Feng’s expression however changed as he read.

Two blood demon trials were going on simultaneously, but he could only pick one to save, which would it be?


Chapter 717: Struggle

“Luo Feng.” The fist sized Babata on his shoulder muttered, “The Meng Ya and Wei Li galaxies are extremely far apart. Even with the Yun Mo planet Ship, it’d take at least 8 days to travel. Also, we still have to get over from the Ganwu universe country…from here to the Gu Lun universe country, it’s too far, you’d have to ask Dylan for help and teleport via his god country. Otherwise we’d waste at least half a year. The Blood demon trials start in a month.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

He was still pondering which galaxy to go to.

“Have you picked yet?” Babata asked. “The Virtual Universe Company let you choose, one side is 1 million star levels and the other is 10 billion star travellers. From what I see, picking the star travellers shows you are kind, naturally picking the side with more people. However if you pick the 1 million star levels, it shows you have the thought process of the strong, there are many powerful warriors in the universe…they all think that the strong have more right to live.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Under Blood demon emperor’s government suppressing the star field, they must have gone through a lot to even reach star level.

As for the star traveller level, any galaxy could easily produce over 10 billion star travellers. It was obvious that due to Blood demon emperor, even the general public had reached star travellers level already.

Would it be the normal 10 billion people.

Or the 1 million star levels that have gone through trials and torture.

“I pick Wei Li galaxy.” Luo Feng emphasized.

Luo Feng didn’t dare waste time. Within the same day, he sat in the Yun Mo planet ship and left earth, letting Dylan teleport them via his god country and going straight to the Gu Lun universe country’s Yu Fu star field. After which, they flew straight towards Wei Li galaxy, that alone would take about 26 days.

In the dark universe, the Yun Mo planet ship flew.

In the control room, Luo Feng was chatting with Dylan.

“What a coincidence. Dylan, your god country marker was left in the Yu Fu starfield, which is the closest one to Du Tuo starfield. It’ll take 26 days to get there, heading to Meng Ya would take 25 days.” Luo Feng looked at Dylan, smiling, “Did the Virtual Universe Company ask you before sending this mission?”

Dylan smiled and nodded.

“Damn.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but curse.

It was true!

The Virtual Universe Company had indeed planned everything out perfectly. It had probably already ordered Dylan to leave markers around the Gu Lun universe country, but not use them yet.

“The Virtual Universe Company, has planned everything for their training.” Dylan smiled. “Don’t be angry.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded.

Luo Feng didn’t have any grievances against the Virtual Universe Company.

As one of the two greatest powers of humanity, naturally when they do things, it was all with the thought of protection and strengthening humanity in mind! Ever since he had joined the Virtual Universe Company, Luo Feng had always been fairly satisfied with them, even with regards to the deal about earth was considered fair.

If a normal person on earth discovered a treasure and it’s worth was over 1 million mixed elements, Luo Feng, with his position on earth… would probably buy it also.

Giving just 18 billion earth dollars would suffice.

From Luo Feng’s perspective…that much money was enough for a normal person to live without any worries for the rest of their life.

1 theory!

To the Virtual Universe Company, earth was a nurturing basket that a great being had spent countless energy on remodeling, and its price was limitless. Even a great knight’s wealth wouldn’t be able to purchase a fraction of it. However, they couldn’t simply give Luo Feng such an amount of wealth.

“Your majesty, why’d you pick the 10 billion star travellers and not the 1 million star levels?” Dylan asked curiously. “Without any technology and the blood demon government suppressing them, 99% of them wouldn’t find it easy at all to break through to star level. And from what I’ve found, the overall evolution of Du Tuo star field is pretty high. Any life planet would easily have tens to hundreds of thousands of star travellers, it’s not hard for a galaxy to have 10 billion star travellers, these are all normal warriors.”

“Everyone is an independent life form.” Luo Feng said softly. “My home had been through countless calamities before, I know the tragedy of death.”

“Just like my relatives, they were all normal people back then too, are they not worth anything? At least to me, my relatives are worth more than 1 million sector lords! And for those normal people, they all have that one life each, and it’s worth more than 1 million star levels.”

“10 billion normal people should die so 1 million star levels can live?”

Luo Feng shook his head.

There is no such thing!

If it involved a race and its survival, such sacrifices may have to be made. For example…Tens of millions of people in a race may die just to protect a powerful warrior, because he was the only hope for their race’s survival.

And since Luo Feng’s choice this time didn’t involve the survival of a race.

He naturally picked the normal people.

26 days later.

In the air above a yellow planet, the Yun Mo planet ship floated.

“This is not a life planet, it’s almost round and has a diameter of 18,023 km.” Babata’s sharp voice resounded. “According to the Virtual Universe Company, this is where the Blood demon trail will be held. Look…there are already a lot of people stationed here. However relax! They cannot detect us.”

“Hm.”

Luo feng gazed below, this mineral planet did have over a 100 people stationed, half of them universe level.

“Let’s wait for when the 10 billion star travellers are sent over.” Luo feng said softly.

At that moment, the 10 billion star travellers from the hundreds of thousands of planets were being transported over in 10,000 universe ships. They were all travelling in the dark universe and heading over.

…

Within one particular ship, all 3 levels were jammed full with cages. Every one of them had 10 star travellers within. With one glance… every level had countless star travellers within, some even had hundreds of thousands.

“Mom.”

“Liz…”

Faint crying and muttering resounded from the tens of thousands of cages, this…was simply hell.

Within one cage.

A youth dressed in torn animal skin was hugging a girl tightly. Because of blood demon’s government…the evolution of the Du Tuo starfield humans were high. Hence, it was normal to see star travellers, and they would normally pick these youths to undergo the trials.

“Wuwa.” The youth hugged the girl, his eyes gleaming beneath his dirty face. It had hope, hope of life, he gently said confidently, “Brother will definitely help you survive, definitely.”

The girl suddenly shook.

She was a pretty looking girl, even though she was dirty and unwashed too, one could see she was pretty. However in Du Tuo starfield…strength was already the absolute, if strength wasn’t enough, appearances didn’t mean a thing.

“Big brother.” She said, “Will we die? I heard only a 100 will survive the Blood demon trials from 10 billion. Many of these 10 billion come from various sects, they have spirit weapons, genetic weapons, and others have techniques. As for us, we don’t have any weapons and only know some basic techniques, how will we survive?”

The youth began to tear up the moment he heard this.

He had a tragic fate since young.

His parents had died young and he had to take his younger sister to wander and learn as much as they could, finally reaching star traveller level and was able to lead a safe peaceful life. However, it hadn’t even been 2 years of peace…and those without background were all captured and forced to participate. Every planet had to hit a quota of people to send.

If the normal people weren’t enough, the star travellers with backgrounds were captured too!

The Blood demon trials took place under the order of Blood demon emperor. Hence, no one dared go against it.

“We will survive, definitely, big brother swears it.” The youth said softly.

“Hm.” The girl replied softly, burying her head once again in his chest.

Maybe…

These final few days lying in her brother’s chest before the nightmare began, was the most happiness she could enjoy.

“Definitely.” The youth gripped his right fist hard. His nail pierced his palm, and his eyes were somewhat hysterical, as he shouted within, “I must let my sister survive, definitely.”

100 out of 10 billion.

What was that?

It was plainly a mass massacre. Even those with techniques, genetic armor and weapons, these geniuses would be surrounded and killed if they weren’t careful. Afterall, the density of 10 billion on a normal mineral planet was too much. The moment the battles and killing began…no one had a guarantee to survive?

And to be able to live to the end, one had to have power! Brains! Guts! And also luck!

…

As for the lower level struggles, all the star travellers who were about to begin the trials were all afraid of it. Even if they had strength…against countless people fighting, they too would feel despair.

…

“Ship 0229, stop at position 0293!”

“Ship 3619, stop at position 0123!”

The yellow planet had long been remodeled, and at this time, this dead silent planet had a dark purple flat ship floating in the air. It was giving orders to the many ships delivering the star travellers, and these many ships opened their cabin doors as they landed. Large amounts of cages were opened and a blur of dirty unwashed men and women filled with fear on their faces walked out, the blur of people walked within the planet.

The temperature of the planet was very low, roughly below 80, and as it was a mineral planet, there was no way to breathe. However star travellers no longer needed to breathe.

“Hmm…”

“So, so many people.”

The large amount of star travellers that were dropped off flew away the moment they landed. They could all see extremely far away. There was a blur of silhouettes…there were already over 5 billion now. When have they ever seen so many star travellers?

At this time…

A camouflaged blood colored triangular ship was floating tens of thousands of km above the planet, observing all the star travellers on the planet.


Chapter 718: La Peter

Within the ship’s control room.

“5,729 ships have already arrived, 5.729 billion star travellers have arrived.” Babata’s child like voice resounded within the control room. “Another ship has arrived, 5730…5733…5734…”

Luo Feng and Dylan just gazed on.

All of the star travellers forced to participate in this blood demon trial all had looks of fear and unrest. Hence, they were carefully glancing at each other. Only those close to each other truly trusted and helped each other, this sort of pressure and fear…

Even Luo Feng could feel it, despite being high up in the sky.

“10 billion of them.” Luo Feng thought.

“Being controlled by Blood demon emperor, that’s their bad luck.” Dylan shook his head.

“Doesn’t the virtual universe care about it?” Luo Feng shook his head and frowned. “Even though they are considered universe citizens, these are after all star travellers too,, this is akin to a huge massacre. And this sort of thing was happening in every galaxy. There are over tens of thousands of galaxies in the Du Tuo starfield that he controls…and the blood trials happen over a long period of time. Considering the massacre of so many universe citizens, does the company not even say anything?”

Dylan looked at Luo Feng and shook his head, “Unless it reaches a critical amount, the company and Huge Axe Aojo cannot do anything.”

“Critical amount”

Luo Feng thought.

He remembered the details of the mission mentioning that if the number of people killed didn’t hit the restricted amount, they couldn’t be punished.

“This isn’t even the limit yet? Just what is it then?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask.

“Luo Feng, the limit is calculated per planet.” Dylan explained. “If every year, every life planet has a limit of 200 star travellers that could be killed, and every galaxy has 200,000 life planets. Then in 1 year, the number of star travellers that could be killed in a single galaxy would be one hundred million. And the number for this blood demon trial that occurs every 100 years would be…10 billion! Of course at different levels of power and position, the limit is different too. An emperor level undying or knight naturally has different standards. A knight can kill in the trillions without any repercussions, of course…they too have a limit to uphold.”

Luo Feng understood.

Privilege!

Just like Void gold master, that level of being, he could probably kill off half of a universe country with countless deaths and still have no repercussions at all. At most, he would get a slight punishment from the upper echelons of humanity.

“They cannot ban killing from those managing the planet territories.” Dylan said, “Blood demon emperor controls the entire Du Tuo star field with billions of planets. Since it’s citizens were countless…his blood demon trials only took so many people, and this amount doesn’t even get close to the limit. After all, other than the trials…he doesn’t randomly massacre citizens on the planets. He knows the importance of steadiness too, the better the billions of planets advance, continuously producing warriors, the stronger and more solid his power grows.”

“Hmph.”

Luo Feng frowned, “This method of picking elites, doesn’t he fear that the elites would eventually hate him?”

“So what if they do, they would be constantly nurtured, and when they become sector lords…only then would they have the right to have their souls invaded to become blood demon soldiers.” Dylan shook his head.

“Blood demon soldiers?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“Blood demon emperor has created a technique, through which he’s currently capable of controlling 999 undying slaves.” Dylan said indifferently. “And his undying disciples and slaves, along with the sector lord disciples, they all train in this technique as well. Hence, they too can control a few slaves, however those that were all controlled were elites.”

“Blood demon emperor controls undying slaves and nurtures his disciples, the undying slaves then control another new group, and those elites and exceptional worthy ones will train in the technique too…” Dylan smiled coldly, “As long as one is controlled, he becomes a blood demon soldier.”

Luo Feng’s expression changed.

“And the blood demon trial was created precisely for picking the blood demon soldiers.” Dylan smiled coldly. “The never ending supply of elite geniuses from the entire starfield, they would all end up in Blood demon emperor’s hands! His governance is incredibly sturdy and matchless…he is definitely a terrifying being amongst the emperor level undyings.”

…

As Luo Feng and Dylan were high in their ship patiently awaiting the gathering, the dark purple flat ship that was giving orders opened its doors, a 100m diameter disc shaped ship entered.

“Lord La Peter is here.”

“Quick, go welcome Lord La Peter, quickly.”

Within the dark purple ship.

A group of well dressed silhouettes were present. Among them, the weakest being universe level 3, swiftly ran to the entrance, leading the way was a domain lord and behind him were over 100 universe level upper management.

Hua…

The door of the disc shaped ship opened. A snowy crystal skinned man with snow white short hair and black armor walked out with a piercing gaze. The group of upper management all bowed respectfully, not daring to look up.

Two guards followed behind him, both of them were sector lord level 9!

“Greetings Lord La Peter!” Over 100 people bowed respectfully.

“Hm.” The snow skinned black armored man nodded coldly. “Have all the participants for the trial gathered?”

“It’s already reached 7 billion, they should all be gathered in about half a day.” The leading domain lord said respectfully.

“Hm.”

This La Peter nodded indifferently.

He, sector lord level 9 was a part of the blood demon core. He was trained in the blood demon techniques and the two behind him were two blood demon soldiers that he controlled.

“I’m in charge of supervising the trials this time.” His eyes gleamed coldly as his gaze swept past the group of management. Immediately, they all felt uneasy. “The control of the entire trial must be done well. Make sure that the final 100 are those that have survived after killing and surviving the battle, and not those lucky ones that hide and survive, understood?”

“Yes!”

The management all complied.

“To the control room.” La Peter brought his two guards and walked towards the control room, the group followed behind.

The many ships arrived one by one. As the doors opened, large amounts of star travellers trapped in cages walked out, a blur of humans swiftly filled every corner of the mineral planet.

With their energy sensing abilities and the ship’s flying speeds, 10 billion star travellers gathered on this mineral planet…the density was simply too high.

“Wu Wa.”

The youth standing on some stones had a blade on his waist. He held onto the weak girl beside him, carefully gazing about. The blur of star travellers felt the formless pressure all over, “In a moment, we will do as we had planned. You help me and we’ll work together to survive the 1st battle and later find a desolate place to hide.”

“Hm.” The girl looked about cautiously too, spreading her formless spirit energy around.

Anxiousness!

An occasional ship flew by above, sending another million star travellers, it made the pressure increase constantly.

“Ah, ah ah…Mommy, mommy!” There were some that collapsed mentally, crying like infants for their mothers.

No one laughed at them.

Almost 99% of the them felt like they were about to collapse at anytime. They had heard of the legends of the blood demon trials ever since they were young. After flying in cages for days plus being cramped with so many others, the killing intent, the fear, the pressure…it was enough to make a person collapse.

…

Within the dark purple flat ship.

The snow skinned snow white hair La Peter was looking over everything. As he saw their fear, their collapsed states, his eyes filled with excitement and they twitched slightly. His entire being appeared to have entered a state of madness.

“Lord La Peter, 9,992 ships have already arrived, the final 8 will arrive soon. The blood demon trial will begin soon…please announce the commencement of the trial.” The leading domain lord said respectfully.

“Hurry.”

La Peter’s eyes were filled with madness, “I cannot wait any more.”

The final 8 ships arrived and when the final 8 million arrived on the mineral planet, the ships left and a cold voice filled the air above the entire planet.

“Children!”

“Only 100 of you from the 10 billion will survive. Through the great blood demon trial, you’ll become the most loyal and exceptional soldiers. Right now…let the killing begin! Kill everyone around you, kill them all!”

His voice resounded.

However at that time…

Two silhouettes swiftly descended from the skies.

“Babata, open the synchronized broadcast to the virtual universe network.”

“Yes.”

Two silhouettes, one was a green armored black haired youth, and on his forehead was a gold engraving. His entire being was almost like a terrifying gold blade piercing forward. Beside him was a black robed normal looking bald man.

From Ten thousand km away, the two of them instantly reached the surface of the planet.

“Using the world ring, keep!” Luo Feng triggered the world energy within the ring and swiftly spread it over the entire planet.

Hu!

The 10 billion star travellers that were just about to begin killing vanished and the mineral planet was left completely empty. They all appeared within the spacious grasslands of his world ring.

“Pu chi!”

“Go and die!”

“Kill!”

The 10 billion that had entered a state of madness didn’t notice their surroundings change. As Luo Feng kept them, part of them had already begin their battles. However, after being tossed into the grasslands, they were all stunned. Even the siblings stained in blood looked about in shock.

…

The moment he collected all the star travellers into his ring, he ordered, “Close synchronized broadcast.”

“Yes.” Babata complied.

“The 2nd mission sure is simple, it’s over just like that.” Luo Feng shook his head.

At that time…

“Those that dare disrupt the blood demon trials, you will die!” An enraged howl filled the entire planet. Simultaneously a terrifying blade flash tore through the universe space, slashing over 10,000 km and headed straight towards Luo Feng.


Chapter 719: Mission Completion Rate

This was an arc blade spirit energy weapon, with the control of a sector lord level 9’s world energy, it slashed through the space over 10,000 km, heading straight towards Luo Feng.

“Hu La!”

10 flexible vines instantly shot out from Luo feng’s shoulder, swiftly growing and becoming a 1,000 km long vine. The ten of them intertwined in space, wrapping around the spirit energy weapon.

“Ang…” The spirit energy weapon slashed hard at it tore through the vines. However, the regeneration speed of the vines was too fast, it completely exceeded the spirit energy’s destruction speed, wrapping it so that it couldn’t break free.

“You dare stop my weapon!”

A furious roar could be heard.

A white beam of light tore through space and flew over. 8 more beams of lights followed behind him, and all of them were sector lord level 9.

“Your majesty, that white haired punk is called La Peter. When he left the ship, he only had two sector lord guards. Now however, there’s suddenly 8 of them. I think…these 8 are all blood demon soldiers he controls, and this guy is obviously one of blood demon emperor’s elites.” Dylan smiled and communicated. He was an undying proficient in spirit and soul techniques, every action from the ship was completely visible to him.

La Peter and the 8 beams of light shot over.

9 sector lord level 9s!

“Domain lord level punk, you dare disrupt the blood demon trials, you must be seeking death! He roared, eyes burning with rage. Blood demon emperor was a force unmatched within the Gu Lun universe country. Other than the universe country leader himself, who else could control him?

Trillions of years of tyranny, they’d long gotten used to it.

Right now there was someone actually disrupting the trials, wasn’t it suicide?

“Rumble!”

Dylan who had been standing beside Luo Feng smiled, he had been hiding his power all this while. Suddenly he let out his powerful energy and a gleaming gold light instantly covered the 9 sector lords, almost like a sturdy rope that bound them immediately.

“Ah!” The 9 sector lords were completely bound by the undying energy. La Peter gritted his teeth and struggled hard, however he couldn’t get free.

“Undying!” He stared hard at Dylan.

“Master.”

The 8 sector lords were struggling too, shouting out.

“You really hid yourself well.” La Peter stared angrily at Dylan. Howling, “When I scanned earlier, you hid your strength and now you suddenly let it out. Why, does bullying a sector lord like myself satisfy you?”

La Peter’s mad gaze swept past Luo Feng and Dylan.

“Who are you!”

“Just who are you? To actually dare mess with Blood demon emperor’s matters! Have you been living for too long.” La Peter stared at Dylan.

“You sure got guts.” Dylan smiled, glancing at him and saying softly, his voice resounded within La Peter’s mind. “Even though your master Blood demon emperor is powerful, compared to our Virtual Universe Company, he’s nothing. However, he is still my elder and for that I will spare your little life.”

Dylan’s smile broadened.

Rumble…

La Peter’s 8 sector lord guards immediately exploded from the powerful undying energy, their flesh and blood spewing everywhere.

“Ah!!!” La Peter gritted his teeth and shouted madly.

His 8 blood demon soldiers!

He could at most control 9 slaves now, and these were 8 of them! With them being killed…he could at most have one slave for awhile.

“Your majesty, let’s go.” Dylan looked at Luo Feng.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Sou! Sou!

Two beams of light tore through space, leaving La Peter behind to howl in rage.

Luo Feng and Dylan sat in the Yun Mo planet ship and travelled in the dark universe, heading towards a mineral planet in the Gu Lun’s universe country’s Du Tuo starfield to gather with the members of the Virtual Universe Company.

“That La Peter sure was arrogant, even before an undying he behaved that way. Undyings normally wouldn’t want to offend Blood demon emperor, hence they usually won’t kill him. But handing out punishment is still normal. For his 8 soul salves to be destroyed like that, whether he’s pitiful or not, he can probably control no more than 10 slaves.” Luo Feng muttered and laughed.

Each soul salve was incredibly important.

Everyone took up an irreplaceable spot. Even Luo Feng who had trained in the 10,000 soul control, he could at most control 10 soul slaves now.

“He’s used to being a tyrant.” Dylan smiled.

“He is entitled to his tyranny.After all, he did have 8 sector lord slaves.” Luo Feng mocked.

Sector lord slaves?

Luo Feng was indeed not affected by it at all, with his mother nest constantly producing his bug army now, in 2 to 3 years, she had already produced about 10,000 sector lord pinnacle bug soldiers! This 10,000 bug army, with the queen Alina’s control, could completely match up to an official level undying.

Naturally, whether it was Luo Feng or Dylan, they couldn’t be bothered with that La Peter.

…

After 3 more days of flying.

In the space above a nameless mineral planet, the space rippled and the blood colored triangular ship appeared. Once the doors opened, two silhouettes flew towards the planet.

In a crater of the nameless planet, a black universe ship was stopped there, three silhouettes flew out from within.

The three of them met with Luo feng and Dylan.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.”

The three that flew out were led by a winged old man. He smiled and said, “Your majesty can release the 10 billion star travellers here.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

He triggered the world ring and immediately a sea of star travellers were released from within. The desolate planet was suddenly filled with people, the blur of star travellers all seemed shocked as they looked about.

Rumble…the old man suddenly released endless green winds that wrapped the entire planet and all the star travellers on it.

He stood high in the air.

Behind him was a huge over 100km tall projection that spread throughout. Everybody could clearly see this majestic projection.

“From today on, you close to 10 billion people will be free from the Du Tuo star field. You no longer have to participate in the blood demon trials. Our Virtual Universe Company will give you a peaceful life.” The winged old man’s voice resounded within their minds, as they were all completely stunned.

After which they all cheered madly! Howls! Crying!

“Wu Wa, we no longer need to die, no more.”

“Big brother!”

The siblings hugged each other tightly.

As close to the 10 billion people had filled up half of the planet, the two siblings happened to be close to Luo feng and Dylan. With their star traveller energy, they clearly saw Luo Feng and the group.

“It’s the black clothed god.” The girl said.

“Ah. It’s him.” The youth’s eyes gleamed, saying, “It’s the same black clothed god that stopped us from fighting in the grasslands. Only his armor has changed.”

Before…

When Luo Feng had placed them within his world ring, he was worried they would continue killing within. Hence, mosha Luo Feng appeared before them and shocked the 10 billion people.

…

After the winged old man had finished, he placed all of them within his world ring and the planet regained its original desolate state.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” The winged old man flashed and landed beside Luo Feng. “Your 2nd mission is now complete. You should have gotten your completion rate too. They’ll tell you what your 3rd level mission is.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng was stunned.

Simultaneously…

“Luo Feng, there’s mail.” Babata’s voice resounded within his mind.

“Haha.” The winged old man laughed when he saw Luo Feng’s expression. “Your majesty should have received the mail, please take a look and in awhile, I’ll have to take you to carry the mission out.”

Luo Feng sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network.

Virtual universe network Yu Xiang mountain primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

In the study.

“Open.” Luo Feng sat before his desk and looked at his laptop, opening the mail.

“Hua.”

The mail opened, the details were…

“You’ve completed the 2nd level of the highest point mission. The members have made their decision. Luo Feng, your completion rate is 90%, you get 180,000 points. Also, you now have the right to begin the 3rd level.”

“Evaluation: Despite the blood thirst in your bones you still pick the weak and more 10 billion star levels. Obviously you care more for the pitiful, or you see an equal importance between star levels and star travellers. Massacring millions yet calm as still water, at the same time, picking the weaker people to save, we were definitely shocked by your choice. We give you 90% completion for this level, hopefully you’ll continue to surprise us for the 3rd and 4th level.”

Luo Feng laughed, Babata who sat on his shoulder laughed too. “Babata, I bet that among the members judging me for the highest point mission, the one with the actual power is one that prefers kindness and less killing.” Luo Feng laughed. “Because of my blood thirst in the 1st level, luckily I remained calm and collected throughout, they gave me 82%. After seeing how I picked the weaker people to save…they actually gave me 90% completion.”

Reading between the lines.

Luo Feng could feel that the upper echelon writing the letter was kind within.

“Don’t get proud.” Babata shook his head, “The 1st and 2nd level seem easy, but this is after all still the highest point mission. It tests a core member’s character and ability in judgement. It not only represents the points superficially…but whether you’ll be of use to the company in the future.”

Luo Feng nodded.

His chat with his teacher before had let him know.

This was the Virtual Universe Company truly trying to get to know its core members, and to find out if a core member had no limits to his blood thirst and was incredibly mad. They may still become absolute warriors in the future! But they would at most become generals that fought the inter race wars and could never truly become the huge authority figures in the company, their nurture would be less too.

“3rd level.” Luo Feng opened the mail.

He smiled and looked at the details.

After which…his smile froze, he stared wide eyed, not budging at all.

“Damn! The virtual universe sure is absurd.” Luo Feng was completely shocked from the 3rd level of the mission.


Chapter 720: 3rd Level

“Wow…” The fist sized Babata on Luo Feng’s shoulder stared wide eyed, shocked, “The Virtual Universe Company sure is the Virtual Universe Company, this is like a slap to the face.”

Luo Feng shook his head and forced a smile. “They are not forcing Blood demon emperor, they are forcing me.”

The details of the mail were…

“3rd level mission: Blood Demon emperor controls the entire Du Tuo starfield, with hundreds of undyings under him. Even though he hasn’t done anything over the limit, there are a few of his underlings that have. Currently, we have confirmed 21 of them.

There are 21 undyings and 19 sector lords.

They are…

Abdullah: Undying, given the Chi Tie galaxy as territory. He had once massacred all life on a few hundred planets in the galaxy, even keeping a large amount of them in his god country…

Yi Suo: Undying…

Ai Di: Sector lord…

Ao Ke Fei: Sector lord, he had once gathered over 10 billion young ladies and organized the craziest blood demon ceremony, over ten billion of them becoming a sea of blood. He also…”

“Mission: The Virtual Universe Company has already sent the order to blood demon emperor to capture these 21 alive, and he has already locked them up within blood demon planet. Luo Feng, you are to swiftly head over there…and judge the 21 of them. The choices are…Death, jail for a million years, jail for a hundred years, innocent.

The fates of these 21 are in your hands, you can judge them in whatever way you want.

You control whether they live or die.”

“Reminder: When you reach blood demon planet, you have to open the synchronized broadcast, and close it only after the judgments are complete.”

Within the study.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but force a smile. He had known that the highest point mission wouldn’t be that simple. The 1st and 2nd levels didn’t pose any difficulty at all to him, and no danger was present. However this 3rd level…

The Virtual Universe Company was absurd, ordering Blood demon emperor to capture the 21 people.

Even though he was a member of the Hong alliance, the power of the Virtual Universe Company was on another level altogether. How could the little Blood demon emperor go against them? Naturally, he could only obediently capture the 21. However the judgment and the fate of these 21, they actually let Luo Feng do it, having to personally head over to blood demon planet!

Blood demon planet!

That was Blood demon emperor’s nest!

He would naturally meet Blood demon emperor himself, and execute his judgment before him. Wasn’t this a blatant slap in the face?

“The heavier the sentence, the more it would invoke Blood demon emperor’s hate!” Luo Feng shook his head. “Afterall everything is decided by me, and if I give a light sentence, it would go against my character.”

“They are really forcing me.”

“The Virtual Universe Company has ordered Blood demon emperor to do so, he must be enraged and yet at the same time, he cannot disobey the direct orders.” Luo Feng forced a smile. From the way he did things, it was obvious that the Blood demon emperor wasn’t a kind person. Now for no reason whatsoever, he had to go offend a great emperor level undying?

On that mineral planet.

In mid air, Luo Feng and Dylan along with the winged old man stood in space and chatted.

The old man smiled, “Your majesty Luo Feng, have you seen the 3rd level mission?”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded and revealed a sense of helplessness.

“Haha…” The old man laughed at the scene. “Relax, even though that blood demon planet is his nest, he would never ever dare touch you, unless he’s looking to die.”

“Even if he doesn’t dare now, what about the future?” Luo Feng shook his head.

“Then that’ll depend on your choice, a lighter punishment will make it so that he will remember your mercy.” The old man muttered. “Alright, we won’t say anymore. Please follow me towards blood demon planet.”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng wasn’t in a good mood, he nodded and kept the Yun Mo planet ship. He flew with Dylan into the black ship from the Virtual Universe Company and headed to blood demon planet.

Blood demon planet, it was the core of the entire Du Tuo star field.

Over 10,000 galaxies holding their blood demon trials to absorb more elites that would be sent here, large amounts of blood demon soldiers, be it sector lords or undying, they were all here. Also…the powerful Blood demon emperor himself stayed here, it was truly a demon hole.

“They are going overboard! The Virtual Universe Company is simply bullying me!!!”

His voice resounded throughout the entire blood demon palace, every one within shuddered.

Within the palace.

The god dressed in red armor with a helmet was raging. Beside him, 18 undyings all acted respectfully.

“If they want to catch my underlings, just do it. Yet they force me to do it myself, capturing Abdullah and the other 20!” His eyes burned with flames of rage. “They want to sentence my people and still force me to do it personally. They even sent people to disrupt my blood demon trial earlier! They seriously do not even bother showing me any respect!”

The 18 undyings had expressions of righteousness, within however they were thinking…

Disrespecting Blood demon emperor?

What a joke.

Why would the Virtual Universe Company even bother with him. It was such a huge power, Blood demon emperor was but a little thing compared to them!

“Seriously overboard!!!!” He raged even more.

“I’ve told you all before, when I give you territories and galaxies to handle, it’s up to you how you do it, but always remember the limit.” He turned to look at the 18 undyings beside him, “Now you see, Abdullah and Yi Suo have got it coming to them, you all better remember this.”

“We will remember.” The 18 undyings bowed respectfully.

“Lord.” One of the shorted undyings said respectfully. “Didn’t the order of the Virtual Universe Company also say that it will send a primal region member Luo Feng over to do the judgments, and that all the sentences will be dealt by him. A small domain lord, at least with your pressure…he wouldn’t dare offend you. When the time comes, he may even let them go off scot free.”

“Hm.”

Blood demon emperor said solemnly, “Sounds right, that little punk wouldn’t dare offend me! No matter what, since Abdullah and the others are all my underlings, I must do my best to keep their lives.”

For this lone warrior, his underlings were all precious to him.

When others came to seek shelter, he naturally had to take up the responsibility of a boss. The two undyings had come to him earlier to seek help. the least he could do was to protect their lives. Even though the undyings about him didn’t dare say it, they weren’t that blind to the situation, if they fell, Blood demon emperor’s interior cohesiveness would naturally fall.

6 days later.

A black ship appeared in the galaxy outside blood demon planet.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, look, that’s blood demon planet.” The winged old man pointed and said.

Luo Feng glanced over, there floated a completely blood red planet, just seeing it up close was enough to make one shudder.

Hu!

The ship swiftly flew towards the planet. As it drew closer, one could see the huge mountain sized constructs. The entire surface of the planet was void of any technology. These constructs were all made like mountains, and the interior was where the network was.

“Sou!” Tearing past the atmosphere, the ship headed straight towards the most majestic palace.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, that is blood demon palace.” The winged old man pointed far ahead at the most majestic palace. Surrounding it were many little palaces, even the small ones were a few km in area, many of them were surrounding the huge one.

In front of the huge palace was a huge plaza measuring tens of km, and large amounts of warriors gathered there. With just a glance, there were at least a thousand people here, and the weakest being sector lord. They were led by a red armored god, his brutal bloodthirst energy was felt by Luo Feng even through the ship.

Hu!

The ship descended and landed in the plaza, the cabin door opened. The winged old man, Luo Feng and Dylan along with two others came out.

“Greetings Blood demon emperor.” The white winged man bowed slightly, after which he introduced, “This is our Virtual Universe Company primal region genius, His majesty Luo Feng.

Luo Feng bowed too, showing respect to his elder while observing his actions. Even though Blood demon emperor had controlled his aura enough not to let Luo Feng feel the pressure, his blood red armor body itself gave off a weak aura, almost like an endless blood ocean.

He wore his helmet, hence making it hard to see his expressions.

“You are Luo Feng?” Blood demon emperor laughed. “True Yan emperor has indeed taught an exceptional student. I heard not long ago you disrupted my blood demon trial in the Wei Li galaxy?”

Luo Feng was stunned, saying, “Yes…”

“Haha, no need to explain.”

Blood demon emperor waved his hand, “One galaxy’s blood demon trail means nothing. Over a span of trillion years, we’ve held it in over 10,000 galaxies over and over, losing 1 to even 10 times means nothing.” At different levels, one’s perspective was different. To Blood demon emperor, 1 to 10 times of the trails was indeed nothing. However to his underlings, every one of them was an extremely important matter, how could they be careless?

“This Blood demon emperor seems straightforward.” Luo Feng noticed as he thought, “However, he was forced to capture 21 of his underlings personally, with 2 of them being undying. Anyone with any temper wouldn’t be happy about that, he may not care about the blood demon trials, but my disruption of the trial was a slap to his face. If he said he didn’t care about my disruption, that would be a lie.”

He thought so within.

On the surface, he showed gratitude, “Thank you Blood demon emperor for your understanding.”

“Understood, of course I do. You are just working for the Virtual Universe Company, business is business, there are still many things of which you have the power to decide.” Blood demon emperor laughed loudly, “Am I right?”

The winged old man interrupted. “His majesty Luo Feng definitely has the power to decide, whether the 21 are sentenced to death or imprisoned, or innocent. It’s all up to Luo Feng to decide.”

“This old man…”

Luo Feng was getting anxious.

“Luo Feng’s power sure isn’t small, haha…” Blood demon emperor smiled even wider, looking at Luo Feng.

Over a hundred of the undyings that had gathered there looked at Luo Feng, along with the thousands of sector lords.


Chapter 721: Demon Blood Emperor and Luo Feng

The pressure from being stared at by Blood demon emperor along with over 100 undyings and the 1,000 sector lords was terrifying. However, Luo Feng had already experienced such a scene before… back when 9 blade knight’s undying army came. Their pressure, which also included the raging Shi Huo knight was much worse.

“Looks like this is his show of strength.” Luo Feng thought.

“Your majesty.” Dylan communicated beside, “We can only stay low and bear with it.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng answered.

At this time, Blood demon emperor laughed carefree, “Luo Feng and the undyings…please come in, follow me.” He passionately grabbed Luo Feng’s hand and headed into Blood demon palace.

Luo Feng was taken aback, but he could only obediently follow him in. Dylan and the winged old man followed along with the vast army of undyings and sector lords.

“Lord.”

Many absolutely beautiful lady maids were kneeling within the palace throughout.

“Come come come, Luo Feng, what do you think of my palace? The main body of this palace is an ancient one that I found damaged in a universe secret region a long time ago. I had it renovated and now it’s become the blood demon palace.” He pointed about, “Just the repairs and renovation cost me over 10 million mixed elements.”

Even though Luo Feng could feel a special energy from the palace, he wasn’t able to make sense of what it was. He could only smile along, “It’s really out of the ordinary.”

“Indeed.” The old winged undying pointed about and said, “The palace itself is a fortress. After the renovation and fusion with a metal life form…in terms of defense and battle ability, it’s even stronger than those F9 grade ships.”

“Haha…”Blood demon emperor laughed loudly.

“Guards!”

Blood demon emperor suddenly shouted.

Immediately, 3 undyings from the army behind rushed up front.

“Go, bring the guilty 21 here.” Blood demon emperor roared.

“Yes.”

The 3 undyings complied respectfully.

This scene actually shocked Luo Feng, they had just entered the palace…wouldn’t bringing the 21 here immediately change the whole atmosphere?

“Luo Feng, I really respect your teacher True Yan Emperor. It’s a pity that over the many years, he’s always been in primal chaos city and never left. Hence, I’ve never had the chance to have a taste of his unmatched talent, it truly fills me with regret.” Blood demon emperor sighed. “You are his disciple and my junior, sentencing these 21 is a small matter, we can talk about it later. Since you are here for the first time, I’ve prepared a ceremony for you. Come, follow me!”

He led the way.

Luo Feng could do nothing but follow.

After a while.

They entered a large hall, the army of undyings and sector lords stayed in the reception area outside while Blood demon emperor, Luo Feng, Dylan and the winged old man along with two others entered the exquisite small hall. An exquisite jade blue stone table was already prepared there along with well carved chairs.

The six of them sat down.

“Bring the dishes.” Blood demon emperor ordered.

Immediately, absolute beautiful ladies carried the dishes out. They were all fine delicacies, and there were many plates of them. There was also fine wine and many other deserts.

“This is…The demon clan Soul dragon’s liver?” The winged old man was shocked, “This, this is the Flame Snow Soul juice?”

Everybody around the table looked on with shock at the many delicacies that were coming out. There were many fine dishes on earth, however with the vast and mysterious universe and the immeasurable food items, there was much much more around. Luo Feng was already used to fine delicacies from the virtual universe.

With 100% simulation, the price was still much cheaper.

However it was after all still just the virtual universe, the feeling within was still different. As for the dishes before them…even in the virtual universe, they would still be extremely expensive.

“This table of dishes alone should hit up to 10 million mixed elements.” The winged old man looked at blood demon emperor, “You’ve really spent quite a bit here.”

“Haha, as long as you enjoy the food. The moment I met Luo Feng I was filled with joy, this little bit means nothing.” Blood demon emperor said carefree.

Dylan and Luo feng exchanged glances.

This bit, how much was it worth?

What a joke!

10 million mixed elements was quite a bit, even for an emperor level undying that has accumulated wealth over extremely long periods of time. Even normal undyings’ wealth usually only hit up to 10,000 mixed elements. The two undyings captured to be sentenced, in terms of worth, they probably didn’t even hit 100,000 mixed elements.

Why did Blood demon emperor spend so much?

Just for the two undyings?

No.

Those two undyings weren’t worth this much, it was all for reputation and face!

The Virtual Universe Company had after all forced him to capture his 21 underlings. This had indeed enraged him, and he didn’t want to let down the undyings under him, hence he had to find a way to protect their lives. Spending 10 million mixed elements?

To an emperor level pinnacle warrior, he didn’t care!

To him, with his high and mighty position, even if he had to lower himself to treat this little punk well, spending 10 million mixed elements on incredibly luxurious delicacies, if we was willing to do so much…would Luo Feng be in a good position to sentence the 21 heavily?

The action was simply.

Yet it was very effective.

…

Luo Feng looked at the many luxurious delicacies on the table, not daring to eat.

“The mouth that has been fed by others is soft, the hand that has received doesn’t reach!” Luo Feng thought, “For Blood demon emperor to lower himself for me, if I eat any of these delicacies… how will I be in a good position to sentence his underlings heavily later?”

“Come, try the Soul dragon’s liver. It’s an absolute delicacy, it will make your entire soul feel comfortable as you eat it. When I knew you were coming Luo Feng, I had this sent over via god country teleportation, it is definitely extremely fresh.” Blood demon emperor said.

Luo Feng and Dylan both didn’t eat.

The winged old man and the other two however ate to their hearts’ content.

“Good food, delicious.” The old man exclaimed. “I really have to thank you Luo Feng this time. Otherwise, if it was just me, even with my entire fortune it wouldn’t be enough to afford the items in this table.” The two normal undyings that followed along both nodded too, complimenting the food.

“These 3!” Luo Feng was angry.

They were purely here to make a mess of things.

“Try it.” Blood demon emperor looked on with anticipation at Luo Feng.

Under his gaze…

How could Luo Feng not eat?

He picked up his chopsticks and began to eat before shaking his head. “Please forgive me Blood demon emperor, I cannot eat now, since the mission from the Virtual Universe Company is still on my mind.”

“Hm, I shall not force you then.” Blood demon emperor laughed.

At this time, a ruckus occurred from the reception area and Blood demon emperor frowned and shouted, “Open the doors.”

“Yes.” The maid beside immediately went to open the doors.

Even though Luo Feng and the others were seated around the table, they could still see the scene of protest outside in the reception hall. 21 chained up warriors knelt outside and two of them especially had powerful auras. Their chains were different too, with complex engravings on them, obviously it was some kind of seal.

Killing undyings was a very hard thing to do.

Sealing was much easier. Defeating them was easier than sealing, however it was obvious that these two undyings were sealed up specially.

“Lord!”

The two chained up undyings knelt down. Beside them were the 19 sector lords who knelt down as well.

“Hmph!” Blood demon emperor slammed the tablet before him, shouting, “It’s too late to regret now!”

“Lord, we’ve wronged.”

“We are extremely regretful now, please give us a chance.”

The two undyings protested, but obviously they also knew that they only had 1 life, plus it was begging Blood demon emperor, naturally they didn’t care too much about their face anymore. They were clear this was a true predicament. Afterall, it was the order of the Virtual Universe Company, if they weren’t careful, they could be instantly killed.

“Give you a chance?” Blood demon emperor stood up fiercely and roared. “If you knew this was coming, why did you do such things then! What’s more…your fates aren’t in my hands today, but in Luo Feng’s from the Virtual Universe Company! If you want to beg, beg him.”

“Your majesty Luo Feng.”

“Lord Luo Feng.”

The two undyings knelt there and begged. The 19 sector lords beside had pained expressions, however they didn’t say a word.

Luo Feng immediately guessed, “The sector lords probably don’t mean anything to Blood demon emperor. These 19 sector lords have been controlled to not say anything, it’s obvious that he really wants to save the two undyings this time. As for the 19 sector lords, they are at my disposal.”

The two undyings that had death facing them begged earnestly.

“You two.” Blood demon emperor walked from his seat to the reception hall, standing before the two undyings. He sighed softly and gently slapped their shoulders, “Abdullah, Yi Suo, you two have followed me for so long, I don’t wish for you to die too. However, I have no say in this, it’ll depend on your fates.”

After which he shook his head and walked back.

“Luo Feng.” Blood demon emperor sighed, “These two have been with me for over 10,000 eras, I’d be lying if I said they didn’t mean anything to me. However, you have to pass the judgment. I hope that you can follow the orders of the Virtual Universe Company and still give them a chance to survive. They are after all two undyings, as every single undying is a treasure to the human race, producing even one undying isn’t an easy task at all.”

Within the hall and reception room, all of them had gone silent.

Only Blood demon emperor was speaking and acting.

Seeing this scene…how could Luo Feng not be clear of his intentions?

He had basically laid everything bare. Even though it didn’t seem like he was forcing Luo Feng, in truth, he was telling him…show me some grace and let the two undyings go. But, the other 19 are at your disposal!

“Luo Feng, go judge the 21 of them.” Blood demon emperor said and sat beside him in a chair.

“Yes blood demon emperor.”

Luo Feng complied respectfully and turned to face the kneeling 21.


Chapter 722: Luo Feng’s Judgment

Luo Feng’s gaze landed on the 21 of them kneeling there, his eyes had a sense of rage.

Guilty!

These 21 should all die! These 21 that had been pointed out by the Virtual Universe Company, they had long passed the limit set by the 5 leviathans of humanity, and these were all that could be found. The hidden things they did would be even more terrifying.

“Ao Ke Fei!” Luo Feng shouted, his voice resounded throughout the hall, echoing over.

A messy gold haired brute looked up as he knelt there, his eyes begging as he looked at Luo Feng, not daring to say anything.

Luo Feng’s eyes however gleamed coldly, begging at this time? Afraid? To make over 10 billion young women die in the blood demon trial, even as they begged. As for the blood sea that resulted from that, how could he beg when he’s caused countless lives to die even as they begged.

“I sentence you!” Luo Feng said coldly, ” To death!”

“Ah!”

He struggled hard as he opened his mouth to shout, but he could barely make a sound, not able to even say a word.

Rumble!

The winged old man who sat at the tablet instantly rushed into the reception hall. As he stood before the 21 of them who were kneeling, he waved his hand and his condensed undying energy landed on the despair filled Ao Ke Fei. He was instantly reduced to a bloody mess. Large amounts of items randomly scattered throughout the ground, his internal world had crumbled, leaving behind all his items.

Ao Ke Fei, dead!

“The Virtual Universe Company has ordered.” The winged old man smiled and looked at the group of angry undyings and the over 1,000 sector lords. “The moment his majesty Luo Feng sentences any of the 21 to death, I will personally execute it.”

Over 100 undyings and over 1000 sector lords all shuddered at the words from the member of the Virtual Universe Company. Even though they were bitter within, they didn’t dare say anything.

“Hmph, don’t disrupt Luo Feng’s judgment.” Blood demon emperor sat steadily in his chair and roared. “Their judgments are all given by him, whether they die or live, only he can make the decision. No one else is to interfere.”

“Yes!”

Over 1,000 warriors complied.

“Luo Feng, go on.” Blood demon emperor shot a glance at him, his glance was somewhat cold. Even though he may say he didn’t care about the other 19, if Luo Feng could allow any of the 19 to live, he would still be happy. However he didn’t expect Luo Feng to sentence the very first person to death, naturally he wouldn’t be happy about it.

“Next.” Luo Feng’s gaze moved on to another sector lord, “Ke Si Qi!”

The skinny man with fur all over his face shook, looking at Luo Feng as he begged.

“I sentence you…” Luo Feng said coldly, ” To death!”

Rumble!

The sector lord Ke Si Qi was filled with despair. The winged old man who showed beside him gave him a slap and he was reduced to a mess, as large amount of items flew out.

“Death!” “Death!” “Death!” “Death!” “Death!” “Death!”

Sentencing one after another.

Slapping the despair filled sector lords, large amount of their items filled the reception hall. Some even with universe ships and all, it had become a small mountain within.

…

Silence and pressure!

The entire atmosphere was tense, Luo Feng had continuously sentenced the 19 to death. It made the over 100 undyings and over 1,000 sector lords all burn with rage. Even Blood demon emperor, the aura he emitted had steadily grown stronger. However he still controlled it, as he had only lost the sector lords so far.

“This Luo Feng sure is vicious, that’s fine, killing the 19 is fine. As for Abdullah and Yi Suo, I doubt you have the guts to kill the two of them.” Blood demon emperor stared silently at Luo Feng.

Only two more were left kneeling.

These two were the two undyings, Yi Suo and Abdullah!

“Yi Suo.” Luo Feng’s gaze landed on the undying, his eyes gleaming with ferocity. After viewing the information about the two undyings, Luo Feng felt…that the two of them had already thought of themselves as true gods, placing themselves far above countless others.

They massacred humans and stepped on them for fun, they didn’t even treat them as lives.

High and mighty…they treated other humans as ants, almost like they were from another race.

“I sentence you…” Luo Feng’s voice was steady, “To death!”

“No!”

Yi Suo looked up fiercely, his eyes were filled with madness. Rumble! After which he became a beam of light and rushed at Luo Feng, roaring, “You don’t have the right to kill me!!!”

“Looking for death.” The winged old man’s expression changed. Even though Yi Suo was chained up and couldn’t use his undying energy, just his physical undying strength was enough to kill a sector lord. Anxiously, the old man rushed ahead to block Luo Feng.

Rumble!

A blood colored palm extended out of mid air and landed on Yi Suo.

Rumble!

He was instantly reduced to powder. He hadn’t reached the level of undying body yet, the strike alone had completely decimated all remnants of his soul. His soul was gone, and he couldn’t revive anymore.

…

Silence, the entire hall was silent, everyone looked on in fear at Blood demon emperor. Even Luo Feng looked at him with shock, that attack earlier was from the powerful Blood demon emperor!

“Impudence!” His blood thirst boiled as he roared. “To dare make a move on a member sent by the Virtual Universe Company, he deserved to die! Luo Feng, carry on with your judgment of Abdullah, I believe…you will definitely make a fair judgment.”

Fair, the word was heavy.

“Abdullah.” Luo Feng turned to Abdullah.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” Abdullah looked at him.

Everyone in the hall looked at Luo Feng. The aura Blood demon emperor emanated too was heavier than before, as the atmosphere was extremely tense.

“I sentence you…” Luo Feng’s voice was as firm as ever, “To death!”

“Ah!!!” Abdullah immediately roared.

Chi!

The winged old man was already prepared with a huge arc blade, it instantly slashed past Abdullah and the countless wind energy instantly sliced him into 10,000 parts. The undying energy infused within wreaked havoc and reduced him to powder, and his soul was destroyed as well!

The winged old man wielded his huge arc blade and smiled at Luo Feng.

No one else there could even force a smile, especially the over 100 undyings and over 1,000 sector lords that gritted their teeth and raged. As for Blood demon emperor, he sat there and didn’t move at all. His rage however had filled the entire hall.

Rumble! He slammed his palm on the table fiercely.

All the luxurious delicacies along with the table itself was reduced to powder.

“Luo Feng.” Blood demon emperor stared coldly at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng could feel his cold gaze staring hard at him.

“Your judgment was very very fair!” He smiled coldly. “Since you’ve completed your mission, I won’t make you stay.”

“Blood demon emperor.” Luo Feng bowed very respectfully. “This was a test from the Virtual Universe Company and has huge implications on my future, I hope you can understand.”

“Hmph!” Blood demon emperor snorted coldly and became a blood colored blur, vanishing from sight. He didn’t wish to even see Luo Feng at all. If Luo Feng wasn’t representing the Virtual Universe Company, he probably would have immediately killed him.

“Your majesty’s judgment was indeed very fair.” The winged old man smiled. “Now that the 3rd mission is over, my job is done, I’ll take my leave.”

“Dylan, let’s go.”

Luo Feng said directly.

“Yes.” Dylan replied.

Sou! Sou!

The two of them became beams of light and instantly rushed out of blood demon palace, piercing through the atmosphere and taking the Yun Mo planet ship through universe travel, swiftly leaving.

…

“Bastard! Bastard! He should die, he should die!”

Blood demon emperor roared.

He was enraged.

Even though Luo Feng had explained himself at the end, it was not enough to quell Blood demon emperor’s rage, what level of position was he at? If he went under any of the knights, he would instantly become their number 1 emperor level undying. That level of power was indeed enough to dominate many universe countries, yet he lowered himself to welcome Luo Feng with such hospitality, making such an extravagant banquet…yet the outcome was still the same?

“This Luo Feng, he thinks he’s some big shot! I showed him respect and he actually humiliated me.” He gripped his fists tight, his bones were cracking within.

The Yun Mo planet ship flew through the dark universe, within the control room.

“You can still smile.” Dylan couldn’t help but say, “That Blood demon emperor treated you with such hospitality and even made a banquet, yet you still sentenced all 21 to death…”

“This is a blatant slap to the face.” Babata’s voice resounded within the control room.

“And you can still smile.” Dylan looked at Luo feng.

Luo feng smiled and stood there, “What’s the point in regretting things that have been done?”

Heart like a mirror, seeing through things clearly.

When he saw the 3rd mission earlier, he was indeed speechless. The Virtual Universe Company was indeed forcing him to humiliate Blood demon emperor and completely enrage him. Against an enraged Blood demon emperor, they made Luo Feng go and carry out the sentences…

How dangerous was this mission.

After careful consideration, he solved the problem and immediately decided to sentence all 21 of them to death!

All of Blood demon emperor’s actions, along with his extravagant banquet couldn’t influence him at all.

“One must be flexible.”

“However if one always compromises, then he becomes a coward. Hence, if one truly cannot compromise, he has to stand firm and be unwavering!” Luo Feng was very clear about this. “Bending over too much will make one a hunch back.”

A man should know when to be flexible!

Even Han Xin had suffered humiliation before! However if he had compromised every single time, would he still have become a hero?

If Luo feng had faced death earlier, he might have compromised.

However it was clear Blood demon emperor didn’t dare make a move on him.

And after the highest point mission was over, Luo Feng would enter the primal chaos city to train. The next time he came out…his strength would have undergone a huge transformation. When that time came, using the soldier armor and other methods, he believed he could deal with the dangers.

“He’s just a Blood demon emperor? If I don’t even have the guts to face such danger, what right would I have to become an absolute warrior.” Luo Feng thought.

Flexible!

When to bear with things, and when to reveal one’s fangs. This involved every problem one would face, those that were able to do well in these…would naturally have great achievements!


Chapter 723: 4th Level Mission

Dylan saw that Luo Feng didn’t even seem nervous about it, he couldn’t help but say, “Little uncle!”

“Hm?” Luo Feng was stunned.

Dylan usually called him your majesty, why did he change now.

“There are many hidden dangers in the path to becoming strong, you cannot get careless. Dylan said nervously, “I’m here on orders from the grandmaster to protect you. Even if we meet any true dangers, I can swiftly call my teacher Blood thirst emperor over. However…this is only during your domain lord stage. When you reach sector lord level and go explore the more dangerous areas, you’ll experience far crazier levels of danger. And the guard team cannot be there to protect you anymore. When that time comes where there is no one to protect you, characters like Blood Demon Emperor may arrange for assassination attempts on you! People may not even know how you die!”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded.

“If you knew that, how could you still offend him like that.” Dylan said.

“Dylan, Although I understand it, It’s too late now. Alright.” Luo Feng said.

Dylan couldn’t help but shake his head.

Luo Feng was grateful for Dylan’s concern. However, Dylan couldn’t possibly know about his trump cards. When he reaches sector lord pinnacle, he would immediately have 50 million mixed elements, with that huge amount, he would definitely buy valuable treasures.

Like training deities of the world!

Or evolving the cloud contact vine to undying!

Anyway…

He already had a rough idea of how to strengthen himself. Along with his clones, he naturally had his own ways of making sure he wouldn’t die! His strength may not be enough to withstand those beings, but he could still improve his survival rate.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng, there’s mail.” Babata’s voice resounded in his mind.

“It should be the mission completion rate.” Luo Feng muttered and immediately sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network.

Virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

Within the study.

Luo Feng sat at his desk and gently tapped open the mail, and while looking at the subject title, he realized that it was the 3rd level’s mission completion status.

The details were…

“You’ve already completed the highest point mission’s 3rd level. Through the judgment of the members, Luo Feng, your completion rate of this 3rd level is 100%. You’ll get 300,000 points and the right to go on to the 4th level.”

Seeing those words.

Luo Feng and Babata were stunned.

100% completion?

It actually reached that level, it was absurd, it represented that the upper echelon members that judged his mission on blood demon planet to be completely satisfactory from start to end. This made Luo Feng suspicious…he had already guessed that his completion rate would be high, but 100% was extreme, after which he looked at the comments.

“Evaluation: Blood Thirst emperor lowered himself to welcome you and prepared a huge banquet for you. Even with all these formless pressures along with his status and reputation, Luo Feng, you actually still dealt the death sentence to all 21, it is commendable! You maintained your sense of self, despite all the threats and pressure. You are indeed strong and sturdy. Well done. We hope you can carry on this way.”

Seeing those words, Luo Feng laughed.

“What does it mean?” Babata shouted, his voice piercing, “The evaluation says it’s very satisfied with you, why is it so?”

“Because I was unwilling to compromise and completed the mission perfectly.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed brightly as he laughed, “I completely understand now.”

“What do you understand?” Babata asked curiously.

“You know very little about human character.” Luo Feng shook his head. On earth, Luo Feng was considered the upper echelon too, hence it was easy for him to consider things from that angle.

What did the Virtual Universe Company’s upper echelon need? They needed assistants!

Even with the emperor level undyings, they were still only considered as helpers of the knights. After that, when they become the great knights themselves…there would still be even greater beings above these knights, beings like the primal chaos city leader etc. In summary, the true bosses, the upper echelon people.

As for those below, they were simply there to execute orders!

“If I were to nurture a genius, it would not be bad if he became an emperor level undying. As for becoming a knight…the chances are extremely low…hence this mission is actually for them to pick their assistants in the future.” Luo Feng muttered. “If I were the upper echelon members, I’d naturally hope for my underlings to stay strong and finish the mission.”

“If they were to back down in the face of danger or compromise when there’s trouble, the missions wouldn’t be able to complete fully, these sort of underlings naturally wouldn’t do.”

“Strong and firm?”

“To the upper echelon, they definitely wish for their underlings to be strong and firm, acting like a loyal dog to them.” Luo Feng smiled. It was like the statesmen and generals of ancient china, they were all incredibly loyal and were even willing to die rather than to give in. These were the underlings the upper echelon would like.

Talent, loyalty and firmness!

These were good underlings!

In truth, it was hard to find such people, most absolute geniuses had themselves as the core, they judged the hour and sized up each situation, backing down at danger and would usually submit in the face of danger. However, these naturally went against the mission requests. Hence the judgment of this level was especially easy.

If Luo Feng had spared the two undyings, the mission completion rate would definitely be lower than 80%, in the evaluation. It would have stated that he was too protective of himself, a coward and was unable to take huge responsibility.

If Luo Feng had only killed one undying and heavily punishing the other, he would have barely passed 80%.

But Luo Feng’s actions naturally resulted in 100%.

…

Luo Feng was very firm and decisive, bold and dedicated to progress. Even in the face of danger he hardly ever backed down… unless it was truly something he couldn’t handle.

“Luo Feng, look at the 4th level.” Babata shouted, “There’s another mail.”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng laughed and opened the mail. “The highest point mission has 4 levels, each getting more vicious than the other. The 3rd was already vicious enough…who knows what the 4th level will be.”

The 1st level gave 100,000 points.

The 2nd had 200,000 points.

The 3rd was 300,000 points.

The 4th… even though it seemed like it was just 400,000 points, in truth, it was probably the most critical to the extra reward that came after, that being 1 million points. Hence the importance of the 4th level was huge.

Di.

Luo Feng gently tapped open the mail.

“4th level, it is the final level of the highest point mission, it is also the most crucial for the extra reward. We hope Luo Feng, that you will carry it out carefully.

“Mission background: Ever since Luo Feng rose up and became a supervisor envoy of the Ganwu department, his family’s position has been getting stronger. As his bloodline members range in the 100s of thousands, including the many daughter in-law’s and so on, his members exceed over a million. Even though they have their family rules…however it’s not realistic for the family to have complete supervision over the later generations that are scattered throughout the universe. Hence, naturally there will be vermin within the family.

Mission details: Luo Family’s 21 members have been recognized as guilty. Luo Feng, you will now sentence these 21. You can choose death, jail for 100 years, jail for 10,000 years or innocent. If you choose death, you will have to execute them personally. These 21 are…”

Luo Feng’s face was ashen as he read.

He continued to look through the list.

“Luo Fu Xin, Luo feng’s 15th generation grandson, he used Luo Families influence to do energy business. When he meets a competitor, he either assassinates them or sabotages them, and he had also once completely massacred a family of thousands. Since Luo Feng is the supervisor envoy of the Ganwu universe department, the many departments don’t dare investigate.

Luo Yu Qian: Luo Feng’s 9th generation grandson…

Luo Yu Rong: Luo Feng’s 9th generation grandson…

…

Luo Fang Qiong: Luo Feng’s 12th generation grandson…

Luo Hong Guo: Luo Feng’s father…”

Luo Feng began reading this mail while sitting there. As he read, he slowly got up, his face growing more ashen, especially after seeing the 21 names on the list, his gaze went manic. That last name Luo Hong Guo made him slam the table violently.

Rumble!

The table exploded and the laptop split apart.

“Damn!!!” Luo Feng’s expression was frenzied as he cursed.

“21, 21!” Luo Feng’s expression was ugly, and he laughed softly at the same time. “Vicious, I just punished 21 in blood demon planet. Now they give me this 4th level…making me sentence another 21 of them. Even though all of them are mostly my later generation grandsons, the final one is still my father!”

“Implausible!”

“Seriously implausible!” Luo Feng gritted his teeth. “I do admit there are some amongst the 21 that deserve death, but my father? He does nothing but play virtual games the whole day, for you all to actually deem him guilty.”

The family was huge, including the women, it hit over a million.

With such a large family, it was certain that there would be some vermin within, but for Luo Hong Guo to be placed in the list, it made Luo Feng rage.

Who was that?

That was his father!!!

The father that nurtured him!

How could he forget that back then, when they were in the rental house, his father had worked hard to feed the family. According to the virtual universe’s investigative results that were found, even if he was dragged to a court, the punishment of death sentence would be too severe. He would be jailed for at least 10,000 years etc. However, Luo Feng was very clear about his father’s personality!

It was obvious his father had unknowingly been used by others. Actually, with the Virtual Universe Company’s investigative abilities, it could easily find the real reason. However, they purposely chose not to do so or they decided not to provide extra information.

This way.

With 21 names on the list, each with different positions and different limits of crimes. Like an emperor level undying…even if he massacred over 10 planets and over 100 billion lives, he wouldn’t be guilty. However for normal people, within the confines of the law, even if they killed 1 universe citizen, he could be sentenced to death.

“Father.” Luo Feng gripped his fists tightly.

“What are you prepared to do Luo Feng?” Babata muttered on his shoulder, “You sentenced all 21 members on blood demon planet to death before. But now, the Virtual Universe Company has sent another 21 of them, yet all of them are from your family. Damn, look, these 21 all have the Luo name. It’s definitely intentional and was created to make your life difficult…and then your father’s name is there as well. How will you sentence them?”


Chapter 724: Grey Snow World

“How do I sentence them?” Luo Feng’s eyes burned with rage, yet he smiled coldly. “How do you think I’ll do it!”

“Impressive. The Virtual Universe Company sure is impressive. They actually give me this as the final of the highest point mission, and they even make me sentence my father.” Luo Feng clearly remembered all the details of the 21 people on the list, of which the clearest in his mind was that of his father.

His father’s name there, it stated he had kill many important universe citizens.

Of course his father had never done anything personally. One had to know he had always been on earth and all he does was play virtual universe games, and he naturally couldn’t make a move himself. The information the company had given was…Luo Hong Guo, was one of the die hard players of the virtual universe game Grey Snow world.

The virtual games had a huge influence on the 1,008 universe countries.

Because, to become an absolute warrior, it took tens of thousands of warriors for one universe level to be produced, sector lord chances were much lower. Hence, with many unable to progress on that path, having no dreams to pursue and rich offspring, jobs that gave them lots of time…they would all naturally choose to play these games.

100% simulation, it felt exactly like reality.

If they couldn’t become an absolute warrior in reality, they may still become one in these games. They could still command an army and dominate the world, how intoxicating was that?

Hence!

The virtual universe games were an exceptionally developed business, they had a huge market and the competition within was naturally terrifying. The games the Virtual Universe Company made themselves however take up a huge portion of the market. Of which, Grey Snow world was one of the top 10 games.

The highest amount of online players at a time had even reached 1/3rd of citizens in a universe country.

With that many players, the benefits within the game were naturally shocking.

Luo Hong Guo!

With Luo Feng as his son, he was naturally one of the wealthy players within. His son would casually give him wealth equivalent to that of a sector lord to play. And the true warriors would normally only play these games a little. Training and strengthening their body was the most fundamental to them. Luo Hong Guo had money and was incredibly passionate about the games, thirdly he had a talent to play these games. Last but not least, Luo Feng had forcefully made his father reach universe level. Hence, his consciousness level and reaction speeds etc were far ahead of many other players.

Naturally he made a name within!

Luo Hong Huo had created a union within, called Nirvana.

The Nirvana union grew extremely fast.

However, with the players of Grey Snow world spread throughout the 1,008 universe countries, many of them being the descendants of families with no hope of growing stronger, they had a lot of time to kill. These were the empty souls of reality, but they grew alive through the games. Hence, the competition amongst the unions within the games were usually brutal!

Hence…this eventually resulted in disasters within reality as well. For example, the members of a union may appear in reality to kill another, making it naturally crumble.

Even though the Virtual Universe Company wouldn’t reveal its players information, the communication between players may result in unintentional revelation of information. There were also many players that called their friends by names, when a large group of them were playing together. The moment one person was compromised, everyone’s information would definitely be revealed.

During the growth of the Nirvana union, there were thousands of assassination incidents in reality! Some of them were extremely brutal.

As the leader of the Nirvana union, Luo Hong Guo naturally had to take up this responsibility!

…

“Stupid.” Luo Feng raged within. He was so mad, that he was about to go crazy. “My father had always been a normal person who worked very hard in life. When he was young, he didn’t even get to go to school before the great Nirvana happened! Later on, he worked hard to take care of me and my brother, he doesn’t know anything about schemes. Without a good education, plain and simple…how could he have the makings of a Leader of a union.”

How could Luo feng not be clear on how his father was like?

No matter what he did, he worked hard to survive and grow his family. When he played the virtual games he was completely immersed within, how would he know about the dangers hidden within.

“At its peak, 1/3rd of the civilians of a universe country are online playing it simultaneously. That means at its peak, there was 1 playing out of 3,000 civilians at the time!” Luo Feng had tried playing the games before, every game was like a new world altogether, it was extremely addictive.

“A game with that many players, how huge are its benefits?”

“With the payouts, there would naturally be schemes and hidden things going on.”

“The nirvana union’s growth speed, how shocking is it? Simply relying on his father, gathering countless elites to grow the union in the game itself, that wasn’t too possible. If his father had such foresight and skill, he wouldn’t have had to work hard for 10 to 20 years to support them before.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “Maybe it’s because has money, or they know of his status, they think that the father of the supervisor envoy of the Ganwu department is powerful enough. Hence they all entered and helped build his union.”

Ganwu department supervisor envoy!

Huge figure!

To those players, this was an absolute power that ranked in the top 10 of a universe country. For his father to actually play the game and to build a union, they would naturally join him. Having money and power, naturally had their benefits.

Virtual universe, Black Dragon mountain island 9 star bay.

Luo Feng’s house.

“Give the order.” Luo Feng ordered. “Swiftly capture these 20, don’t let any of them get away.” After which, he slammed a piece of paper on the table.

“Why are you unhappy?” Xu Xin looked at the paper.

The 20 names on the list.

Luo Fu Xin, Luo Yu Qian, Luo Yu Rong…

Xu Xin was shocked after reading the list. She looked at Luo Feng and asked suspiciously, “Why are you capturing these 20, they all have their own businesses, and are considered exceptional amongst the later generations of offspring in the Luo family. Their businesses are doing alright, of which 3 of them, I was prepared to absorb into the family for important matters.”

“Absorb them?” Luo Feng said coldly, “Don’t speak anymore, hurry and capture these 20. Remember, don’t let anyone get away.”

“Alright.”

Xu Xin didn’t ask anymore, immediately arranging for their captures.

When it came to the main matters in the family, Xu Xin was usually in charge of them. In terms of management ability, she was indeed strong.

“Also, grab all of them and bring them to Qian Hua planet.” Luo Feng said coldly, “I’ll be there in 3 days.”

…

The previous three missions had never enraged Luo Feng this much. It may be from the fact that his later generations weren’t determined enough, or the fact that the Virtual Universe Company purposely made him do such a thing. The raging Luo Feng didn’t want to slowly fly over from the Gu Lun virtual universe country in a ship. He used Dylan’s god country teleportation to immediately return to the milky way galaxy!

And after which he headed to Qian Hua planet.

Black Dragon Mountain empire, Qiu Long star.

In a luxurious mansion, all those that headed in and out seemed wealthy. The owner of the place was Luo Fu Xin, he was the energy businessman that suddenly rose up within the Black Dragon Mountain empire. The energy business was one that had sudden huge profits, and the entry requirements were also extremely high. And yet, he was still one no one dared to mess with!

Even the royal family passionately supported him.

“Lord Luo, Lord Luo.” A piercing voice resounded.

A skinny skeleton middle aged man dressed in exquisite golden robes, brought a group of people along the mansion halls, shouting as they walked. From far, a person walked over. It was a handsome youth, dressed in a similarly exquisite robe. He laughed carefreely, “Ka Tuo Si, my dear Ka Tuo Si, I’ve missed you.”

“Ah, let me see the group of beautiful women behind you.” The youth’s eyes gleamed as he saw the women of all races behind.

“Lord Luo, these are the absolute beauties that I’ve painstakingly searched over 10 star fields for you.” The skinny middle aged man laughed slyly. He was very clear on how powerful this youth before him was, even the Ganwu business department had to treat the supervisor envoy with respect. And the business head of the ganwu department…was already considered the greatest boss of the Ganwu universe country’s business dealings.

Who would dare offend that boss. Anyone that did so could simply give up on business altogether. Hence, he naturally had to get in this youth’s good books!

He knew…

Even the departments all didn’t dare mess with him.

Also…

Anyone that went against him would all die.

“Hm hm.” The youth carefully examined the ladies, complimenting, “My dear Ka Tuo Si, I am very grateful to you. I’ll give you an extra 25% share of the energy crystals that you require.”

“25%? I spend so much energy just to get so little, what a stingy fellow.” The middle aged man cursed within. However, he still displayed a smile full of gratitude, saying, “Lord Luo, you are too generous. If you need anything just give the order, I will do my best.”

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Three beams of light shot down from the sky.

“Who is it!”

“To actually dare barge in on Luo Residence.” As they roared, a group of universe level slave guards rushed out.

The three beams of light landed directly before the youth, releasing their powerful energies.

“Three domain lords!” The middle aged man shuddered as he saw them. In the low level civilization of the Silver blue empire, the strongest was only domain lord level three. And now, three domain lords appear before them.

“Who are you, how dare you barge in on Luo residence!”

“Luo Fu Xin, on the family leader’s orders, we are here to arrest you.” One of the 3 domain lords took out a warrant and captured the terrified Luo Fu Xin after.

Sou!

They flew black through the skies.

…

“I am Luo Yu Qian, how dare you capture me. You must be tired of living!”

…

“I am a member of the Luo Family, who are you!”

…

“The Ganwu supervisor envoy is my family leader, how dare you capture me.”

…

The offspring of the Luo Family had power even greater than the royal family of the Black Dragon Mountain empire princes, and these 20 were considered vicious within the family. With such methods, their achievements were naturally huge. However, when they found out it was the leader that had sent for them to be captured, they were all stunned.

Rumble…

The blood colored triangular ship became a beam of light rushing towards the milky way galaxy’s Qian Hua planet.

Within the control room.

Luo Feng’s cold gaze stared at the planet before him, almost like he could see the captured offspring of the family within.


Chapter 725: Family Leader Luo Feng

Qian Hua Planet, it was an important place for the Luo Family in the Milky Way galaxy.

And since earth was discovered to be valuable by the Virtual Universe Company and the Huge Axe Dojo, having a huge floating city built on earth, Luo Feng began to decrease the use of the old Luo residence. Instead, he focused more on the home in the virtual universe Black Dragon Mountain island in 9 star bay. Qian Hua planet was one of their important gathering spots too.

The number of Luo family members staying here long term exceeded 60,000.

Qian Hua planet, east hemisphere, there was a jail for the Luo family surrounded by a copper wall with a diameter of over 1,000 km.

“Great grandfather, save me, save me.”

Within a cell, a handsome Luo Fu Xin knelt within and grabbed the bars and cried. Within each of these cells were railings and other constructs of a normal jail, the materials used were of C9 to E9 alloys.

“Hmph, just what did you do to make the family leader catch you!” Luo Hai’s eyes gleamed like lightning, looking angrily at Luo Fu Xin.

“Great grandfather, I really don’t know, I really don’t know. I’ve always held myself to high standards, I didn’t dare break the family set limits.” Even though he was afraid within, on the surface he still maintained his innocent composure. He carefully recalled every thing he did before, he thought he had been extremely cautious and prudent, not leaving any traces behind.

There was no way for him to know…

The Virtual Universe Company had surveillance throughout all the life planets, especially any planet that had humans, (on few aboriginal planets and others yet to be discovered, along with warrior territories). All these were all completely under surveillance. Everything Luo Fu Xin had done, although it was untraceable by the family investigation team, the Virtual Universe Company however could find out everything easily.

“Alright, I’ll help you. As long as you haven’t broken the family rules, I will guarantee you that you won’t die!” Luo Hai emphasized.

Luo Feng had two sons.

Luo Hai and Luo Ping.

Luo Hai was a lot like Luo Feng, he enjoyed training and exploring the universe.

Luo Ping was more like his mother Xu Xin, he enjoyed management matters. The two of them had received the most exceptional education, and hundreds of years of training. Both of them were very smart…over the hundreds of years, Luo Hai had countless descendants too, of which there were naturally a few he favored.

Luo Fu Xin was one that he pampered more.

Qian Hua planet, Luo family’s plaza. Over 100,000 people had gathered here, all dressed differently. Other than the men in the family, many of their wives had gathered there too. Standing ahead of the entire crowd was Xu Xin, Luo Ping and Luo Hai, along with Di Fan and some other sector lords.

Rumble…

A blood colored triangular ship descended and landed in the plaza.

The 100,000 people all didn’t dare make a sound. Many of them were shivering with excitement as they saw the cabin door open. The Luo Family’s most exceptional foundation and core, he was the pillar of the entire family…the family leader Luo Feng, he had finally come! Many of the people were seeing him for the first time.

Many children dragged over by their parents all stared wide eyed.

“Hua!” The cabin door opened.

Two silhouettes walked out. One of them was a black haired youth in green armor, he had a gold blade on his forehead. That powerful piercing gold law energy made people shudder. Beside him was a black robed bald man that gave off an immense and seemingly endless amount of power. This made the countless family members all shiver with excitement.

“That is the family leader, what terrifying energy. Beside him is the legendary undying guard of his? Undying, yet he’s only a guard for our family leader.” They were all extremely excited.

Suddenly…

“Greetings family leader!”

100,000 family members all knelt down, only Xu Xin, Luo Ping, Luo Hai and few others remained standing.

Luo Feng and Dylan flew down, simultaneously Luo Feng kept the Yun Mo planet ship.

“Xu Xin, how’s it going, have all the 20 been captured and brought over?” Luo Feng walked over to her and asked softly.

“Not that fast.” Xu Xin shook her head. “Some are in other starfields. Even if I arrange for E9 grade ships to rush at their fastest speeds, they cannot get here in 3 days. It’ll probably be…the slowest will reach here in 12 days. Right now, there are already 9 in the jails here of Qian Hu planet.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, he had travelled here via god country teleportation, naturally it was fast.

“Dad, why did you capture these 20…” Luo Hai couldn’t help but ask.

“We’ll talk later.”

Luo Feng’s gaze swept past the blur of 100,000 people. All of them added together seemed like there was a sea of people. Even though all of them were kneeling there…however Luo Feng sighed within. “The family has indeed grown huge, including the women, the family members have exceeded a million. When I return from primal chaos city…the members would probably have exceeded over 10 million. The more people there are, the more the family has to enforce strict rules, we cannot let them simply enjoy.”

After which, Luo Feng brought Xu Xin and the others towards the living quarters.

The 100,000 people waited till he left before all getting up, leaving and dispersing.

Within the warm living room.

Luo Feng, Xu Xin, Luo Ping and Luo Hai all sat about casually in the sofa.

“Dad.” Luo Hai couldn’t help but ask again, “Why have you ordered for the capture of these 20? That Luo Fu Xin…I watched him grow up since young, he’s very exceptional, and smart, don’t accuse wrongly the disciples of the family.”

“Shut up.” Luo Feng ordered coldly.

Luo Hai was completely shocked.

Luo Ping and Xu Xin were shocked too. They could feel that Luo Feng’s temper today was explosive.

“Exceptional? Smart?” Luo Feng said coldly, “However he didn’t use it in the right ways. 1, he doesn’t train seriously to become a warrior. 2, he relies on underhanded methods to run his business. He already has the Ganwu business department’s full support, and the help of the Black Dragon Mountain empire, if he works just a little, there’s no way he can fail. However he still uses these methods…looks like he was brought up used to being pampered, without any setbacks. The moment he encounters an opponent, or obstruction, he doesn’t know how to use competition to win them ove . Instead, he simply kills them. Smart indeed, exceptional.”

Luo Hai, Luo Ping and Xu Xin were shocked.

“Luo Feng, do you have proof?” Xu Xin asked, “The family investigation department didn’t…”

“They didn’t find anything, that’s their incompetence! This is the information the Virtual Universe Company gave me personally. It’s definitely solid and fool proof, would it be wrong?” Luo Feng frowned. “Also, with the family growing more and more, and our resource growing along with it, we are allowing the later generations enjoy the benefits. However, even with so much resources, against a sea of people it would still be little. Hence, we have to increase the difficulty of actually acquiring these benefits, selections, competition, also training them well, strengthening the rules of the family.”

Xu Xin nodded, “These are all within the plan.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, the rage on his face finally dissipating a little, he sighed, “I know that the large families of the universe, with the amount of people within, would naturally have such problems. However I didn’t expect for the bloodline members, at below a million to already have such problems. Xu Xin, help me prepare, when all 20 are here, I want to hold family trial, make all the members on Qian Hua planet come.”

“Alright.” Xu Xin nodded.

This trial was extremely important and Luo Feng was very prudent about it, not just for the Virtual Universe Company, but also for his family! He wanted to use this…to scare his family, letting them know the severity of breaking the family rules. The moment the family rules were unbridled, there would be many corrupt members within the family, this was something he didn’t wish to see.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, this is the information you requested.”

“Thanks.”

Luo Feng had requested information from the Virtual Universe Company’s information department regarding Luo Fu Xin, Luo Yu Rong and all 21 of them. These required very low authority to gather, hence they were easily sent to him. After viewing all of it… Luo Feng couldn’t help but grit his teeth and rage at the incompetence of the later generations.

On the 13th day after Luo Feng returned, all of the bloodline members were gathered in the family court. The court was extremely huge, and was large enough to hold a million people to watch.

“I heard the leader wants to sentence a few members within.”

“Who is he sentencing?”

“I don’t know. I heard they secretly captured quite a few, over a hundred, and he’s personally sentencing them, it must be serious.” Close to 100,000 members had gathered within the court and were discussing in hushed voices. Immediately buzzing noises could be heard within as the court and the doors opened, all the members immediately grew silent and 20 handcuffed men and women were dragged out.

“Look, it’s Luo Fu Xin.”

“It’s Luo Tian Qi.”

“Wow, it’s Luo Fang Qiong, the beauty in the family, she was captured too.” The many members were shocked as they watched the scene.

20 members of the family, all of them were forced to kneel on the ground.

Sou!

There was nobody initially in the main seat earlier, suddenly 1 silhouette appeared. It was a black armored Luo Feng, his gaze was as sharp as blades as he looked down on the 20.

“Family leader.” Close to 100,000 members all shouted respectfully, after which there was silence.

“Family leader.”

The 20 members kneeling below all looked up in fear at the legendary being. He was a true power and pillar of the family, ranked in the top 10 of the absolute powers of the entire Ganwu universe country…Luo Feng! And right now he was gazing coldly at them, like they were 20 ants.

Amongst the close to 100,000 people, Xu Xin, Luo Ping and Luo Hai etc were there too.

“Luo Fu Xin, do you know your crimes.” Luo Feng said coldly.

“Family leader, I, I don’t know.” Luo Fu Xin knelt there. The knowledge from before all useless, he could only force the words out.

“You don’t…You have only been living for about a hundred years.” Luo Feng’s voice was cold, “Yet you’ve killed over 10,000 innocent people that have never had any grudges with you, only because they affected your business. Killing in itself is not wrong, but after killing so many innocent people…you should die too.”

“Ah…” Luo Fu Xin stared wide eyed wanting to say more.

“You think that the family investigation department can’t find anything? Yes, you are very careful and clever, not leaving any traces behind. However if the family cannot find it, it doesn’t mean the Virtual Universe Company can’t.” Luo Feng stood high above and looked down on him.

Luo Fu Xin’s face immediately went pale.

The 19 others kneeling behind all changed their expressions when they heard that, and close to 100,000 people listening in court all were shocked as well.My god, so the family leader could check through the Virtual Universe Company’s information department on all of them, the company was such a huge power, who would dare say they couldn’t find anything?

“I sentence you…to death.” Luo Feng raised his fingers.

Xiu!

A blade flashed and pierced through Luo Fu Xin’s forehead, leaving behind a bloody cavity.

The kneeling Luo Fu Xin had a face full of fear, after which it dimmed and he fell on the floor, blood pouring out and staining the floor. This scene shocked the close to 100,000 members within the court. This scene was also sent via synchronized broadcast over to the Virtual Universe Company’s upper echelon members who were judging Luo Feng.


Chapter 726: End of Show

Luo Fu Xin fell on the ground of the court, as fresh blood flowed from his forehead. This scene made everybody shudder.

“That’s the family leader.”

“He really doesn’t show any mercy.”

“Too strict.”

The family members all had a blind sense of worship and respect to this legendary being Luo Feng. The entire family started from him! If anyone else in the family was carrying out this trial and that sparked disagreement, no one would dare even be any bit unsatisfied with Luo Feng carrying out any punishment.

They would only think of him as strict!

“Next, Luo Yu Qian.” Luo Feng gazed at the next person below, “Do you know your crimes?”

The beautiful Luo Yu Rong that looked almost like a girl was completely pale, he put his head on the ground and said, “Yu Qian knows his crimes.”

“Luo Yu Rong.” Luo Feng’s gaze landed on a gentle looking girl that looked exactly like Luo Yu Qian beside, “Do you know your crimes?”

“Family leader, I…” Luo Yu Rong seemed to want to tear before lowering her head, “I do.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He immediately sentenced them, “Luo Yu Rong, for bewitching your older brother Luo Yu Qian, you cannot be pardoned, death!” After which Luo Feng lifted his finger and shot a gold beam of light. This gold law infused attack pierced right through her forehead, leaving behind a bloody cavity.

“Rumble!” Luo Yu Rong fell on the floor, her face still filled with shock, regret, resentment.

“Little sister!” Luo Yu Qian immediately stared wide eyed, his tears flowing.

Luo Feng said coldly above, “Luo Yu Qiang, you pamper and empower your sister, not separating business and family ties. I sentence you…to 10,000 years in jail!” Large amounts of the members within the court were all shocked. This was because Luo Yu Qian’s name in the family was actually very well reputed, and they could tell that their crimes were mostly because…of his younger sister.

Jail for 10,000 years, he was only still at the star level! His life span wasn’t longer than 1 era! He would simply die in jail.

Unless…

He could break through to universe level in jail. Otherwise, he would stay in there till he died. Also, without all the resources the Luo family provided, just simply relying on his own capability, it was simply too hard to breakthrough to universe level.

…

“Relying on power to massacre, you reek of blood, your crimes are severe, death!”

…

“Vicious, however you are still young and haven’t done much, jail for 100 years.”

…

“Evil crimes, death.”

…

“Jail for 10,000 years.”

…

“Death!”

…

“Death!”

…

“Jail for 100 years.”

…

“Death!”

…

The entire court was tense, Luo Feng gazed coldly at the members below and carried out their sentences one by one. The Virtual Universe Company had intentionally arranged for different levels of crimes within the 21, some heavier, some light, some with lesser information. Luo Feng however went according to the detailed information the information department had given him!

His sentences were carried out according to the family rules!

Luo Feng didn’t care about any of the different rules of the universe country. The Luo Family had its own rules, some areas extremely strict, some more lax. It was something Luo Feng, Xu Xin, Luo Hua and others had worked together to put in place.

20 family members, of which 13 were sentenced to death, 4 were jailed for 10,000 years and 3 for a 100 years.

One had to know that amongst these 20, only 1 had become universe level and he was put to death by Luo Feng. Hence, those that were jailed for 10,000 years, all faced a dilemma. They had to breakthrough to universe level within the jail or they’d simply grow old and die within.

“Death!”

When Luo Feng killed the final member there.

The atmosphere in the court had reached an extreme level. In the past, when they held their trials, the death sentences weren’t carried out in the court there…and they weren’t done by the family leader himself.

“All of my members listen carefully.” Luo Feng’s eyes gazed coldly at the surrounding close to 100,000 members in the court, saying coldly, “The family rules aren’t for you to mess with, even if you think you can get past the family investigation, do you think you can get past the Virtual Universe Company’s information department?”

The close to 100,000 members all listened intently.

“Along the path of becoming strong, killing is normal, killing a person in rage is normal.” Luo Feng said coldly, “And even accidentally killing 1 or 2 innocents, can be explained as carelessness. However, by killing a hundred to thousands, these are intentional acts, do you think you can explain that? Even for a sector lord or undying, the moment they pass the limit…they too would be put to death! Don’t think that the family will protect you and allow you to carry on with your ways. Don’t think that you are clever enough to avoid the investigation department and thus continue on.”

“You want to simply enjoy life, no problem! The lowest family resource grants can completely allow you to play virtual games till you die.”

“However, these too have a limit.”

“The moment you pass the limit…”

Luo Feng pointed below at the scene of fresh blood, bodies and lifelessness, the terrifying picture, “You’ll end up like them!”

After which, Luo Feng became a beam of light and left, leaving behind the silent members within. They were all shocked, almost all of them went back to carefully study the family rules, to prevent themselves from ever having to receive such punishments, the scene today had let all of them know that Luo Feng wasn’t joking.

This scene…

This news also swiftly spread to the other members who were dispersed throughout the many starfields and planets, as all of them watched the broadcast of the trial. Including the women, the members exceeded over a million, and they were all shocked. Some of them who were doing evil deeds had immediately change their ways.

…

Qian Hua planet.

Luo Feng stood on the top floor of a palace and said solemnly. “My father Luo Hong Guo…innocent!” The Virtual Universe Company requested for 21 to be judged. No matter what, he still had to do it. Even though Luo Feng didn’t capture his father or sentence him, he had long made his decision about him.

To kill his father?

He’d rather go up against the company itself! He would never let his father die. He could never forget that back then, his father was drenched in sweat, thirstily drinking water from a large plastic cup.

“Close the synchronized broadcast.” Luo Feng said softly.

“Got it!”

Babata cheered, “The highest point mission is finally over.”

“Hm, it’s over.” Luo Feng nodded gently.

Whether it was the completion rate of the 4th level or how much extra reward they would give him, these were all matters for the upper echelon members to decide. At least, it was all over now.

The final 4th level with the most points.

The 1st level was judging 18 executives of the Flame wind organization.

The 2nd level was choosing which to one save.

The 3rd was judging the 19 sector lords and 2 undyings in front of the Blood demon emperor.

The 4th level was judging his own family members, including his father.

“Testing my character? Seeing how I truly am?” Luo Feng thought. “Now that the mission is over, I wonder if they can understand who I truly am.”

Night.

The top level of the palace was very cold, Luo Feng stood there silently.

“Feng.” A voice resounded.

Luo Feng turned, it was Xu xin in a white fur coat. She smiled, “What are you thinking about, are you still thinking about today’s trial? You had indeed shocked all the children of the family. Even those in the far away galaxies and other starfields were all shocked.”

“That’s good, they should be afraid.” Luo Feng said.

“Right.” Xu Xin nodded.

“Xu Xin.” Luo Feng suddenly flipped his hand and produced a simple looking laser gun.

“This is?” Xu Xin was shocked.

“E9 laser gun.” Luo Feng smiled and explained. “It’s storage time is 0.1 seconds and it can kill normal sector lord level 9 warriors. This E9 laser gun, combined with the planet security system, the moment any enemy barges into the planet, with the security system triggering the gun, in a short 0.1 seconds…even a sector lord wouldn’t be able to rush over. After it’s preparation is complete, when you are close, just fire it and kill him! This is definitely an ultimate weapon.”

Xu Xin nodded.

Even within the royal family of the Black Dragon Mountain empire, they didn’t have such a weapon. Sector lord level 9 warriors usually couldn’t keep watch over an area for a long time as their life spans were limited, and this laser gun simply required maintenance and it could last forever.

Even though Luo Feng had sector lord level 9 warriors in the family, those were his guards!

When Luo Feng reached sector lord level, the guards would all leave. At that point, Luo Feng would only be left with one sector lord Di Fan.

“With this E9 laser gun, the family will be much safer.” Xu Xin said excitedly.

“This space ring is also for you.” Luo Feng passed it to his wife.

“Hm?” Xu Xin took it curiously, “This is?”

“Automaton ship.” Luo Feng said, “The main cannon of this ship is terrifying and is akin to an undying’s attack. Naturally the power is much stronger than the E9 laser gun. However, it’s range of attack is too huge and storage time is too long, its efficiency cannot compare to the laser gun. However it’s still another ultimate weapon.”

Xu Xin nodded.

Akin to an undying’s attack…this was definitely a restricted weapon.

“Of course, you and my parents all stay on earth, and earth right now…is considered the safest place in the entire Ganwu universe country.” Luo Feng smiled. What a joke, that majestic shrine in the solar system, just what level of being was stationed there, Luo Feng couldn’t even imagine.

And with that one absolute being there, even if other race enemies appear, he could call a large army through god country teleportation.

“Luo Feng, why do I feel like you are planning something?” Xu Xin said suspiciously.

“Hm, I will be gone for a long time this time. Very long, far longer than anytime before.” Luo Feng said.

“Where to?” Xu Xin asked.

“Primal chaos city!” Luo Feng said.

“How long?” Xu Xin asked nervously.

“Not sure…at least a 1,000 years.” Luo Feng sighed, “When I come back next time, I’ll be sector lord pinnacle.”

“At least 1,000 years, and in primal chaos city?” Xu Xin asked curiously. “I know a lot about training matters too, and you are now already recognized by the gold laws. This training didn’t even take 500 years…and your training efficiency in primal chaos city is much higher too. Why do you need to train for so long?”

“You wouldn’t understand.” Luo Feng said.

“Ah…” Xu Xin didn’t bother anymore, “Anyway we can meet in the virtual universe network.”

Luo Feng saw how his wife didn’t seem to care much, he couldn’t help but laugh. The normal management of the super organization Ping Hai company and the family matters were all taken care of by her…and it was only before him that she acted this way. She normally upheld a sense of power and fear.

“Luo Feng, there’s mail! It must be regarding the highest point mission.” Babata’s voice resounded within his mind.

“Ah?”

Luo Feng sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network.


Chapter 727: Of All Virtues, Filial Piety is First

Virtual universe Primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

Luo Feng sat before his desk and opened his laptop, gently tapping open the mail.

“You’ve completed the 4th level of the highest point mission. The members have made their judgment and you’ve acquired a completion rate of 70%, getting 280,000 points. This is the end of the highest point mission.”

Luo Feng frowned.

“Only 70%? During these 4th mission, especially regarding the matter with his father’s judgment, he had indeed simply deemed him innocent. However he still sentenced the rest of the members fairly.

“Let’s see what the comments say.”

Luo Feng continued reading the mail.

“Evaluation: You were sent to sentence 21 people this time. However, with regards to your father, you didn’t even capture him nor did you interrogate him. You didn’t complete the 4th level mission at all. It’s obvious in your bones, you heavily respect your father, and didn’t wish to sentence him.

Even though your father is obviously innocent, he still cannot avoid responsibility. Jailing him for 100 years should be the lightest punishment that should have been carried out, yet you judged him innocent.

When it came to public and private matters, you were biased.

We only give you 70% completion this time, we hope you will be clearer on business and personal matters next time.”

After finishing the evaluation, Luo Feng didn’t feel any different within. For Luo Feng who had reached the limit in mental state training, even if Hong or Thunder god had tried to convince him, it would still be hard to move him. It could be seen how stubborn he was, or how strongly he believed in his ways.

He closed the mail coldly, opening another new mail.

“Reward for highest point mission?” Luo Feng smiled and looked.

If all levels of the mission had a 100% completion rate, he would get 1 million extra points.

“According to the performance of all 4 levels, we will give you 600,000 extra points, we hope you can use it wisely.”

Luo Feng was moved within.

An extra 600,000 points?

At this point, his total points would be 82,000 from the 1st level, 180,000 from the 2nd, 300,000 from the 3rd, 280,000 from the 4th and an extra 600,000 for completing all four missions for a total of 1.442 million points. It was 72.1% of the total 2 million points he could get, it didn’t even hit the marginal 80%.

The score was obviously just average.

“Overall evaluation: Even though you massacred over a million in the 1st level, you were still clear enough to spare the innocent, this proves…that you are very calm even when you kill. And despite your bloodthirst, you still chose the 10 billion weaker people to save, this shows you pity the weak.

The 3rd level showed that you aren’t afraid of strength, you’d rather not submit and follow your beliefs in finishing the mission.

Blood thirsty and yet calm, also showing pity for the weak and are unafraid of fear.

If only your 4th level had done as well as the 1st three, we would have given you an extra 900,000 points as bonus.

However, during a similar mission of judging 21 people, only this time it was against your family, your change however shocked us… especially against your father. You didn’t even wish to judge him, not even catching him or putting on a show. It’s obvious that your family’s influence on you is huge, to a point where you cannot distinguish your personal matters from the rules and law.

Humans are social creatures and should indeed respect their family.

However, everything should be done within a certain level of expectation. It’s obvious that you have crossed that line in this aspect, you should be more aware of this.”

The highest point mission is now over.

As to how the Virtual Universe Company viewed him from this mission, Luo Feng couldn’t be bothered.

“Excessive in this aspect?”

“I respect my father too much?” Luo Feng laughed coldly.

What a joke, what a bunch of arrogant idiots!

Under his 1st and 2nd brother’s guidance, he had carefully studied ancient books from china, gaining a sense of clarity from them, and many ideologies had resonated with him.

Since ancient times, there was a saying in ancient china that of all virtues, filial piety comes first!

Filial piety was of the utmost importance.

Even with the many changes in dynasties and eras in ancient china, they all uniformly agreed that anyone who were disrespectful or disobedient to their parents should die! There were even punishments such as flaying or slow deaths for such actions, it was obvious the level of filial piety was respected at a very high level.

In contrast, in modern eras, especially during the new eras, not taking care of one’s parents and even hitting them had become common.

However without the background of ancient chinese culture, people didn’t think of it as a crime at all.

Luo Feng however, trained in mental states…

He had always respected his parents from young. After which, when he found himself through mental state training, he understood more of the ancient history texts.

Like during the Spring and Autumn era, there was an incident of which a son reported his father for stealing a goat, the son however was punished instead for not being filial!

Qin Guo of ancient china was incredibly strict and heavy on its rules, it was however more lax on being filial.With the entire country lacking the most basic respect, how could its citizens truly be loyal? How could the country be steady? Hence, both of them had naturally collapsed!

There were many stories regarding this in history, but it all showed one thing.

Filial piety!

It was humanity’s most basic element, if a person couldn’t even do this, and was bad to his parents, then how could he be loyal to anybody else? Especially to a country? For such a person, if he wasn’t brainwashed he was extremely selfish!

If he can’t even be filial to his parents, then within his heart…there would never truly be anybody he respected other than himself!

Extreme selfishness!

Of all virtues, filial piety comes first!

“Even if my father had sinned, I will bear it for him! I will also advise him to change. As for punishment…as a son, I will never do it.” Luo Feng thought, “Separating business and personal matters?”

“Maybe what the Virtual Universe Company needs is one that would perfectly execute its missions, and one that would never disobey their orders! Even if it involved family, their mission importance should still exceed that of even their family, this is probably what they need.”

“A pity!”

“The company’s orders, are not even worth a fraction of my father’s importance.”

“Excessive?”

“I don’t think so.”

Luo Feng thought.

The next day.

Virtual Universe Company, Black Dragon Mountain 9 star bay, Luo Feng sat with his father Luo Hong Guo and mother Gong Xin Lan.

“Dad, Mum.” Luo Feng poured tea for them.

“Why have you called us over today?” Gong Xin Lan looked at their son, smiling.

Luo Feng smiled and changed the subject. “Dad mum, did you two build a Nirvana union in the virtual games?”

“How do you know?” Luo Hong Guo’s eyes gleamed as he heard. He said, “That Grey Snow world is incredibly vast, it makes one go dizzy within. I can ride a flying beast and fly through endless snow worlds. Hehe…a million strong army clashing against each other is just too cool.”

The word cool was something his father’s generation often used.

“Haha.” Luo feng saw his father’s excitement and couldn’t help but laugh. For his father to live the life of his dreams, he was already very satisfied.

“Dad Mum, let me show you something.” Luo Feng said.

After which he brandished some information with regards to Nirvana union’s people killing others, after getting the data from the information department…with Luo Feng’s questioning, he had confirmed that the information was the lowest level of information and with his position, he could show it to them.

“What is this?” His parents looked on curiously, as they received the file and looked at it.

They grew silent for awhile.

Luo Feng sat there and patiently waited.

As they stared at the file, their expressions grew uglier, even to the point where Luo Hong Guo slammed the table fiercely. His eyes were gleaming as he cursed, “Bastards, a bunch of ingrates. I treated them as my life and death brothers, I didn’t expect them to use me. Xin Lan, when you advised me not to be so trusting before, I thought…that all these were simply within the virtual universe, and that we can eat, drink and kill others without any repercussions, how thrilling. I didn’t expect… I didn’t know…”

“Dad.” Luo Feng saw the state his father was in and knew he had taken quite a blow.

Luo Hong Guo sat down, his eyes pained.

Gong Xin Lan sat beside him and consoled him.

“So many people died.” Luo Hong Guo’s voice shook.

“Dad, you can only be blamed for your poor judgment of character. However, the ones truly responsible for killing are those bastards.” Luo Feng said.

“But they used my position and power.” He shook his head.

“Wrong, in truth, they are using my position.” Luo Feng said. “If it weren’t for me, why would the Black Dragon Mountain empire and Ganwu Universe Country avoid and fear you.”

Luo Hong Guo felt extremely bad within.

Luo Feng was very clear that showing them the data would hurt his parents badly. But despite that, he still had to show them that he had to admonish them.

“Dad Mum.” Luo Feng changed the topic to take their minds off it, “I’m about to leave.”

“Leave?” The two of them looked at him curiously.

Doesn’t he leave often?

“I will be going away for a very long this time, at least a 1,000 years.” Luo Feng emphasized. “Hence, it will be quite awhile before I can return to earth, even the virtual universe…I will only come once in a long while.”

“Where are you going?” The 2 asked.

“Primal chaos city.” Luo Feng replied.

He had been there before, hence his parents knew some simple things about it.

…

After the highest point mission was completed, Luo Feng had immediately requested to head to primal chaos city. As a core disciple, during universe level, domain lord level and sector lord level, he could enter to train there…Luo Feng’s request naturally went through quickly. After which…

Through god country teleportation, Dylan sent him straight to the Virtual Universe Company’s main headquarters.

After which, he took the company’s ship along with other undyings and entered primal chaos city.

Dylan and the other guards couldn’t follow.

According to his plan.

When he left primal chaos city, he would already be sector lord pinnacle. When that happened, he would no longer have a guard team. Meaning, at this time, the guard team had left him for good.


Chapter 728: Safe Haven Primal Chaos City

The universe was evolving all the time. The primal universe however was a small universe that was in its early evolution stage. There were many splits and tears in the space with thread like crystal energies flowing and repairing. Each time it repaired, it would tear open again and repeat for eternity…

Primal chaos city was the only ancient city within this entire universe.

Rumble…an oval ship stopped in the air above, its cabin door opened and a large group of human silhouettes flew out. Amongst which, a green armored Luo Feng was mixed within, he wasn’t noticeable at all.

100 people flew out.

A black beam of light flew over to greet them. It was a black robed man with green scales covering his head, this man smiled malevolently. “I am the emissary of primal chaos city. Most of you aren’t here for the first time. Those familiar with the rules of primal chaos city can carry on, I believe you know what to do. And for those that are here for the 1st time, please follow me.”

Sou! Sou! Sou!

22 silhouettes followed the black robed man as he led them away. These 22 were those that had gotten in through auctions or other methods and were here for the 1st time.

And the rest of the hundred headed in their own directions, dispersing.

Luo Feng gently landed in a spacious pathway. As he looked around, he noticed that the distant balconies had large amounts of warriors sitting crossed legged and training. Sector lords and undyings could be seen everywhere. However, most of them were undyings. As for the energies emanating from them…even the sector lord energies, since these were sector lords training in primal chaos city, they were much stronger than the normal sector lords outside.

“Primal chaos city, humanity’s sacred training ground.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

Just from the sacred training ground one could see the difference.

The gold horn race’s sacred training ground was simply a piece of land carved out from the world they lived in. Humanity’s sacred training ground however was a primal universe specially used to hold 52 primal chaos tablets, and the leader of the city was one that far exceeded the power of the doyens in the gold horn race.

This was humanity, a pinnacle race in the universe.

“Very good, this a good training place.” Luo Feng looked around. “Hm, I have to choose a good living spot, I’ll pick somewhere close to teacher.”

After awhile.

Luo Feng picked a quiet spot about 1,000km away from his teacher’s residence. Once he walked near the white entrance door, he gently placed his hand on it and it triggered the system. The color began to change to a dark grey. From then on, Luo Feng was the owner of this residence.

Every room within the quarters was spacious, even though there were rooms within, large amounts of the warriors still sat crossed legged on the balconies.

“From today on, I’m going to live here for over a thousand years, this will be my home.” Luo Feng followed the staircase up and quickly reached the balcony.

The balcony was close to 100m wide, much bigger than the field he had in high school. There were random scribbles all around the balcony, these were obviously left behind by the warriors that had trained and stayed here before in history. Luo Feng believed…that someday he too would leave behind his own scribbles.

He sat crossed legged, feeling the coldness of the balcony.

He looked up at the skies!

The primal energies revolved in the sky, tears stretching across the skies with complex engravings and threads of energies flowing about. The laws were visible and it was calming to one’s soul.

“From today on, I will be here on this balcony for a long time.” Luo Feng smiled.

After returning to the 1st floors’ living room, the service AI of the place had already prepared a hot pot of tea.

He lay on the fur sofa, lifting the cup of hot tea, he gently smelled the fragrant tea and sipped. As he drank it down from his mouth, he felt the warmth spread throughout his body. After which, he began to think at an incredibly fast speed.

He loved to sip tea and ponder at the same time.

“I now have the beast god statue and the picture of the large sleeping beast god, time space scribbles 3rd volume, Floating snow, Nan Shen armament’s 36 levels, Illusionary techniques, Deities of the world, Absolute space, ancient pictures, and Sky tearing claw. I also have over 6 million mixed elements and over 1 million points.” Luo Feng pondered on all his possessions.

He clearly planned out his training.

Normally, sector lords would all begin to create their own techniques and their own weapons. Luo Feng was prepared to hit sector lord level in primal chaos city. Since his law comprehension now was already at a very high level, he could begin to create his own technique.

Techniques were mostly separated into study and battle.

The study type was basically used to aid in raising one’s comprehension of the laws. The higher the comprehension…the stronger the power, the laws were akin to internal strength. The battle techniques however were more about the usage of these laws, when learning the same laws but with different usages, one’s strength would definitely be different.

Law comprehension was the inner work, the techniques were blade work etc.

Of course these were just examples.

“The golden horned beast’s technique is the sky tearing claw.”

“The Mosha clansman uses the Illusionary techniques.”

“The earth body uses the Nan Shen Armament, as it slowly gets more and more ineffective, I will begin to study the Nan Shen 36 levels and create a better technique for myself.”

“As for time space scribbles, the beast god statue and so on, these are all for my comprehension. Even the Deities of the world is a strengthening technique.”

“Law comprehension is the absolute.”

“Hence I will spend most of my focus on it, when they reach a bottleneck level, then I will study the battle techniques.” Luo Feng thought, “That will be the way.”

After planning out his long period stay, Luo Feng left his living quarters and headed to his teacher True Yan emperor’s residence to visit him.

The entrance to the residence was wide open.

Di.

The scanning system on the door scanned Luo Feng and confirmed that he had the right to enter, naturally not stopping him. Luo Feng sneaked into the residence and quickly reached a 10km wide and long plaza. There, close to 1,000 warriors had gathered and were respectfully sitting and listening.

Ahead was a golden armored apeman sitting crossed legged, explaining the 9 universe tablet’s 4th picture.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng thought within, not daring to disrupt his class and he sat in the corner.

True Yan noticed an additional Luo Feng in the corner as he taught, smiling before he continued on with his class…

After awhile!

“Today’s class ends here.” True Yan said indifferently.

“Thank you teacher.” The close to 1,000 warriors all bowed respectfully below.

“True Yan emperor sure is powerful, I’ve already comprehended the 5th picture, but hearing him explain the 4th picture still gives me greater insight. Looks like I haven’t fully comprehended the 4th picture.”

“Completely comprehending it is really hard. I heard that the 1st 3 pictures have a total of 108 wonders, and fully comprehending these 108 wonders is ten to hundreds of times harder than simply finishing the 4th picture.”

The warriors all discussed and dispersed from the plaza.

Luo Feng however walked up to his teacher.

…

“Junior.”

“Junior is here.”

“It’s been awhile since we’ve seen you.” True Yan’s ten disciples there all smiled and waved at Luo Feng, Luo Feng waved back. These seniors of his were mostly Official level undyings, and many of them were at official pinnacle. However, it was a pity that none of them had formally reached emperor level yet.

Normally, an emperor pinnacle level person can easily ask people to help and get the official level pinnacles to be named emperors too.

True Yan had high expectations of his disciples, hence he never did such a thing, he regarded it as a disgrace.

“Luo Feng, follow me.” True Yan said.

“Yes teacher.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“My seniors, I will formally greet you all later.” Luo feng bid goodbye to them and followed True Yan, arriving in his quiet yard.

This yard was a few km wide and long, it was simply a grassland.

True Yan sat crossed legged within casually and said, “Sit.”

Luo Feng obediently complied.

“Have you completed the highest point mission?” True Yan smiled.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Tell me about it, including the final evaluation etc.” True Yan said.

“Yes.” Luo Feng said respectfully, “The 4th level mission was…” He explained in detail about the points he got, evaluation etc, not hiding any details about it at all.

True Yan was displeased as he heard the story. “This group of idiots, are they really expecting a son to lock his father up in jail, will they only be satisfied that way?”

Luo Feng was stunned.

His teacher was scolding them as idiots?

“If one doesn’t even protect his loved ones, then what’s the point in training?” True Yan glanced at Luo Feng. “Luo Feng, stick to your beliefs, don’t be poisoned by those punks. Our upper echelon of the Virtual Universe Company has indeed become very rigid…do they wish for all the warriors to simply be their pawns? Hmph, the strong are strong because they are independently strong. And those upper echelon, they only show themselves once in awhile.”

Luo Feng blinked at his teacher.

“Haha…why, are you shocked?” True Yan laughed, exclaiming, “Your teacher has a bad temper. Back then, I had kicked up such a ruckus that they didn’t have any choice but to toss me into primal chaos city, not giving me any authority or status. However, as I am hidden here, I don’t have to take their orders. Unless it’s truly a grave matter, otherwise I don’t have to bother with them.”

Luo Feng laughed.

His teacher had once kicked up a ruckus, regarding his matters, he knew very little.

“How long are you prepared to stay in primal chaos city this time?” True Yan asked.

“Until sector lord level.” Luo Feng said.

“Ah, are you giving up the other missions?” True Yan was shocked. During domain lord level, the company would occasionally send missions, Luo Feng had currently only completed 2 of them, one giving him 200,000 points and the other was the highest point mission which could at most give him 2 million points. There were others to do still left.

However, if he stayed in primal chaos city, he naturally couldn’t do any more.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded


Chapter 729: Teacher’s Gift

True Yan sat crossed legged on the grass, pondering a while, he nodded, “Alright, since the highest point mission is over, the other scattered missions at domain lord level all only add up to so little points. You wanting to train in primal chaos city is good too. Since you are prepared to train to sector lord level…then, I’ve prepared a gift for you.”

“A gift.” Luo Feng was shocked.

True yan laughed carefree, “You are my disciple, and sector lord is the most critical training period of time. If I don’t help you now, can I still be called a teacher? Enter the virtual universe, I’ll pass you a manual.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded excitedly.

Virtual universe primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

Luo Feng stood in the villa and looked up, a silhouette flew straight towards him, it was True Yan emperor. In his hand, he held a 2m long and wide large metal briefcase. It felt like a shipping container altogether.

“This is?” Luo Feng was stunned. The normal handheld briefcases were much smaller, yet his teacher carried such a huge one, how many manuals were there within it.

“Come here.” True Yan brought the briefcase straight into the living room.

With a toss, bang, the huge briefcase fell on the floor of the living room.

“A sector lord needs to create his own techniques, and a sector lord’s comprehension speed is the fastest. Hence, you will need the highest levels of technique manuals! Hence, I have exchanged for a bunch of manuals for you.” True Yan laughed loudly, pointing at the briefcase, seemingly proud of it.

“Teacher, I can exchange for these manuals myself.” Luo Feng had just begun to speak.

True Yan retorted, “You think your little bit of points is worth anything? You could at most exchange for some very basic manuals, you wouldn’t be able to exchange for any true powerful manuals at all. Time space scribbles is but an assisting guide, yet it’s already worth 100 billion points. As for the true study and battle technique manuals, those with absolute top notch power…your 1 million points is useless.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but choke as he heard.

1 million points is useless? For someone extremely close to becoming a knight like True Yan emperor, this made total sense.

“Look carefully.” True Yan walked forward and immediately opened the huge briefcase.

Rumble!

Its metal lock was opened and within lay many thick books. The thinner ones alone were about 20cm thick, the thickest being 1m long and wide and half a meter thick. They were completely dark gold in color and were made of metal. There were a total of 3 such metal books within!

Just these 3 books took up a lot of space, the rest were scattered about within.

“There’s a total of 106 normal techniques manuals and one valuable one within.” True Yan laughed. “The 106 books are cheap, adding up to a few million points only. They are mainly to assist you, some are for study while others are for building weapons and techniques etc.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed and nodded.

These 106 techniques, they seem to cover just about everything.

“As for this one!” True Yan pointed to the neatly arranged 3 dark gold books, “This is expensive.”

1 set, 3 volumes.

Every volume was 1m wide and half a meter thick.

“How expensive is it?” Luo Feng asked.

“8 billion points.” True Yan smiled, looking at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng stared wide eyed.

My god!

8 billion points!

This bit of wealth was enough to be an entire emperor level undying’s fortune. Of course to the emperor pinnacle, even a normal knight, it was still something they could afford. Even so, this was still a huge gesture from True Yan. Luo Feng was completely stunned by the amount.

An undying could use money to exchange for points, 1 mixed element for 1 point. This was akin to 8 billion mixed elements, even for an undying, it was a huge amount!

Because of earth, Luo Feng had signed a deal with the Virtual Universe Company.

However that amount was split up and was to be distributed at 3 occasions.

Before undying, he would get less than 100 million mixed elements. Only after becoming undying…would he get close to 50 billion mixed elements. However, the golden horned beast was extremely hard to breakthrough to undying, who knew when that would ever happen.

“Haha, just from this 8 billion points, I spent a good half of my points.” True Yan laughed. He didn’t hide anything from Luo Feng, “When I want to exchange for something in the future, I probably have to use my money.”

“Teacher.” Luo Feng said, “I cannot accept this, this…”

Back when his teacher had persuaded him to get the time space scribbles, he had told him that even he couldn’t afford the entire set, and that was worth 100 billion points. It was obvious that this 8 billion was a huge sum to him too.

And in truth.

True Yan naturally didn’t have many points. However, just like Luo Feng, who had the Luo Ke holy water and close to 10,000 blood river crystals along with other treasures. True Yan emperor, as an absolute warrior naturally had many treasures. The worth of his wealth was much more than a normal emperor level undying. If he was willing to sell some treasures, he’d probably have a lot more.

“Your teacher is now at the final step before becoming a knight, the materialistic things are useless now.” True Yan shook his head. “I haven’t spent much over a trillion years, and it’s been easy for me to nurture your seniors. Your seniors however, I’ve never spent more than 1 billion. You are the most.”

Luo Feng looked curiously at him, “Why?”

“I’ve seen your bladework, your control of the Nan Shen armament, and your claw techniques.” True Yan emphasized. “I discovered… whether you are conscious of it or not, your fusion of the gold and space laws are extremely ingenious. Hence, I know this valuable manual will fit you well.”

Luo Feng couldn’t even force a smile.

Fusion was ingenious?

He had been studying the beast god presence, and it was a pinnacle level fusion of the gold and space laws. After having a grasp of the beast god presence, he often sought help from his teacher, during his demonstrations he would display some of its flavor.

“This manual will definitely fit you well, the moment you have some progress in it, your power will catch up to mine.” True Yan’s eyes were filled with anticipation. “If you can catch up to me, even against normal knights, you won’t die.”

“Work hard.” True Yan rubbed Luo Feng’s head, laughing loudly, after which he vanished.

Luo Feng looked at the briefcase full of 106 normal manuals and 1 valuable one, for a total of a few hundred books. He felt extremely grateful within.

“Teacher!”

“Your student will always remember this debt.” Luo Feng decided to return the favor the moment he achieved anything.

Over a long period of time, True Yan’s family had all long died, hence his treatment of his students was like a parent to his children. A teacher like that was very special…and now he even gave Luo Feng these valuable manuals. One had to know that if Luo Feng were to fall along the way, everything would simply be wasted, yet he still did such a thing.

This was also why his students were all very united, no one wanting to ever hurt their teacher.

107 manuals, a total of 582 books, Luo Feng swiftly brought all of them over to his study.

“106 normal manuals, buying them through the treasure trove actually requires close to 6 million points.” Luo Feng was shocked. Even though these manuals were normal according to True Yan, in truth everyone of them was still stronger than Illusionary techniques.

“This valuable manual.”

Luo Feng looked at the top 3 dark gold metal books. Their covers only had the words, 1, 2 and 3 on them, representing each volume. They didn’t have any other information.

Luo Feng gently flipped open the 1st volume.

It’s details were…

“Through the primal universe’s evolution, over a trillion races have been produced. There have been many mysterious life forms of which, there’s the powerful beast god. This beast god is a super being developed by the universe itself, its body is a fusion of the space and gold laws. A slash or whip of its tail, or even a headbutt all has the universe laws melded within. Wu Xi Luo Duo, has studied the beast god’s 7 techniques to create the Nan Shen 7 forms.”

Beast god 7 techniques, Nan Shen 7 forms.

Completing the 1st 3 levels, one will be invincible amongst anything below the knights.

Completing the 1st 6 levels, one will be invincible amongst anything below the universe masters.

Completing the 7th level, one can become like a true beast god, akin to a true universe master, standing at the pinnacle of the universe.

Creating the beast god 7 techniques, Nan Shen 7 forms, he only finished the 1st 6 levels, the 7 is purely imagination, it isn’t truly perfect. To become a true beast god…as powerful and invincible as it is. It is extremely hard and difficult! He hoped that the later generations of the gold horn race would be able to perfect it and complete it.”

Luo Feng was stunned from the book.

Xi Luo Duo?

The greatest being of the gold horn race?

“Completing the 6th level, meant one would be invincible amongst anything below the universe masters? 7th level was akin to a universe master? Such a terrifying manual…is it not as expensive as Time space scribbles? No.” Luo Feng was shocked, quickly flipping through the 2nd and 3rd volume, he couldn’t help but feel a sense of regret.

His guess was right.

These 3 manuals were simply the 1st 3 levels of the Nan Shen 7 forms.

“So it’s only the beginning. Yet, finishing these 3 and one would be invincible amongst anything below the knights, and these alone were worth 8 billion points.” Luo Feng exclaimed, he now truly understood just how powerful the great Xi Luo Duo was.

It was no wonder…

That he alone could support the entire gold horn race. He had reached a level where he was invincible amongst anything below a universe master.

“Universe master? So Void gold master, primal chaos city leader and the beast god, they are all the same level?” Luo Feng pondered.


Chapter 730: Beast God 7 Techniques

After looking through the beast god 7 techniques again, Luo Feng got a rough idea of how, above the universe knights, there was an even higher level. Like the powerful Void gold master, beast god, and primal chaos city leader, it was obvious that they were much more powerful than the knights. Even Xi luo Duo…he supported the entire race.

“So it’s that way.” Luo Feng muttered.

Undying…Universe knights…Universe master.

As a middle level race, the gold horn race only had Xi Luo Duo back then as their leader, not requiring anybody else to protect them. And he had trained till the 6th level of the beast god 7 techniques back then, it meant that he was invincible amongst anything below universe master…he had true power.

And the universe master, even amongst a pinnacle race like humanity, was still a pinnacle being.

According to the information, Luo Feng began to get a grasp of the power levels of the absolute warriors of the universe.

“My teacher True Yan emperor is already considered an absolute warrior, and the knights are the next level. Universe masters however, they are the true rulers of the universe! Even at Xi Luo Duo’s level…he was already a ruler.” Luo Feng was extremely excited within, after which he began to read through the thick and valuable manual.

The entire 1st 3 volumes of the beast god 7 techniques.

Luo Feng simply read through everything at one go, even though he didn’t fully understand a lot of things, he still learnt a lot.

“It actually….”

“Meld the laws?”

Luo Feng was shocked within. After reading through the entire volume, he understood the theory behind the beast god 7 techniques.

The universe had gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, thunder, light, space and time. These 10 laws, according to Xi Luo Duo’s manual, said that when the universe was 1st evolving, there were only two great laws. Of which one split into gold, wood, water, fire, ground and space, while the other became wind, thunder, light and time!

Hence two sects were formed.

The space sect with space as the main and the 4 under it, gold, wood, water, fire and wood.

The time sect with time as the main and thunder, wind and light under it.

…

Completely comprehending the space law would make one a space knight.

Completely comprehending the time law would make one a time knight.

When one comprehended both these laws, truly grasping time and space, with the unbelievable power to warp time and space…that was a universe master.

…

Even amongst the trillions of races and countless warriors, there had never been one that had completely melded the gold, wood, water, fire, wood and space laws into one, returning it to one of the original two great laws. And there hadn’t been one that had melded thunder, wind, light and time back into the other.

And through the passages of time, the countless warriors have discovered…

Simply melding gold and space, or wood and space, or water and space, or fire and space, or wood and space, these alone were extremely difficult! Simply melding two laws as such would already make one an absolute warrior.

Melding gold and space, once it reached a level of perfection, that alone was enough to become a universe master.

The beast god 7 techniques Xi Luo Duo created were very strange too.

The 1st level was a partial fusion between gold and space.

The 2nd level…

…

The 6th level, was a complete fusion between gold and space, forming a fusion law! Xi Luo Duo had reached this level back then… and he already was invincible between anything below universe master.

However Xi Luo Duo knew too…that the universe could produce something as powerful as the beast god with universe master level strength, and it was an embodiment of the fusion between gold and space laws itself. Every attack was naturally infused with the fusion of laws, even the statue of it was a fusion of the laws.

Hence he strongly believed…the fusion of space and gold could match a universe master.

The beast god 7 techniques he created should have a 7th level!

The 7th level should allow one to become a true beast god, akin to a universe master. Of course, these were simply his thought process and had yet to be completed, hence even though it was called the beast god 7 techniques, in truth it could only be trained till the 6th.

…

“Comprehending the space law completely and becoming a knight, that alone is already incredibly hard, many absolute geniuses barely become a knight.” Luo Feng exclaimed. “And according to Xi Luo Duo, melding space and gold is thousands to tens of thousands of times harder than simply comprehending space.”

This path was hard!

However, at least Luo Feng got a clear path to follow now.

“Beast god path?”

“I have the beast god 7 techniques from Xi Luo Duo as guidance and the beast god statue to refer to.” Luo Feng’s mind flashed, he suddenly thought of something, sending his consciousness into his internal world.

Within his internal world, the spacious grassland.

Black clothed Luo Feng was carrying the beast god statue, beside him was a continuous black mountain range like golden horned beast lying on the ground. Its large river like eyes were staring at the little beast god statue too, this statue…was the one he had gotten from Blood River world back then luckily.

In terms of pressure, it couldn’t compare to the huge beast god statue in the gold horn race beast god canyon.

However, it was much more condensed, comparable to a true beast god.

Howl…The golden horned beast suddenly raised its head and howled, it was extremely happy and excited within.

“I know, I got it.” Black clothed Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, he said excitedly, “I finally know why this statue gives off a special presence and pressure. It’s because…because this statue itself is a fusion of the laws! A true beast god’s every move is infused with the fusion laws…and this statue was from where it lived back then within the Blood River world. Who knows how this statue was created, however it’s akin to a true beast god. As it’s a fusion of the laws, even if this statue cannot be considered a full fusion, it is still infused with the fusion laws within!”

It’s no wonder.

No wonder that while seeking the beast god presence, and constantly imitating it, he was able to grasp the pressure from the beast god presence.

So he was actually looking at the fusion of laws over and over, imitating it…

“Haha…”

“I have this beast god statue, it is a body of the fusion laws itself.”

“And now I have the beast god 7 techniques. It’s extremely valuable, and is the gold horn race’s most valuable manual.” Black clothed Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with madness. “Even though…even though this path is much much harder than the path of becoming a knight. However with these two to assist me, I will definitely have high achievements.”

The beast god statue and the beast god 7 techniques, these could be considered miraculous encounters.

And simply having these wasn’t enough, one still needed talent, hard work, luck and many more factors. Afterall, standing at the pinnacle of the universe was simply too hard.

Even though the beast god statue was special, it was condensed and hidden. The undyings in Blood River world couldn’t even understand it, and the golden horned beast is a favored child of the gold laws itself. It had a natural talent for the space laws too. Like it’s natural ability Swallow, that was a space technique as well.

And the golden horned beast had the strongest bloodline with gold and space laws.

The beast god was a fusion of gold and space.

The two had a special connection, otherwise it wouldn’t be that easy for the golden horned beast to absorb that many blood river crystals. Other life forms found it hard to simply absorb 10 crystals, but the beast could absorb a 100…and it was still only because its willpower couldn’t take more, otherwise it could absorb even more! It could be seen that the golden horned beast and the beast god did have some relationship. Hence, he could faintly feel the fusion laws within the condensed beast god statue.

If it weren’t for the golden horned beast, other life forms would have to reach an extremely high level of fusion between the two laws before being able to sense anything special about the statue.

Primal chaos city, True Yan’s residence.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng bowed with gratitude.

“Sit.” True Yan sat cross legged in the grass.

“Yes.” Luo Feng sat beside him.

“Have you finished the manual?” True Yan laughed.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“How is it, does it fit you well?” True Yan’s eyes were filled with anticipation. No one would know before beginning the training whether something would fit well, however his vision had always been accurate. Having frequently seen Luo Feng demonstrated his techniques, he discovered that Luo Feng was naturally talented in this field. Hence he bought the manual for him.

True Yan’s entire fortune wasn’t even enough to buy 1/10th of the entire 7 volumes! Buying the 1st 3 was still acceptable to him.

“It suits me well.” Luo Feng said.

“That’s good, haha, if it didn’t, I would feel the pinch.” True Yan laughed.

“However, back then I had planned to stay for a few hundred years in primal chaos city, and melding the laws is obviously a lot harder. I may have to stay for a few thousand years now.” Luo Feng said. When he told his family that he would be leaving for over a thousand years, that was still actual universe time, and the time flow between the two universes was different.

1,000 years in the actual universe was only a little more than 300 years in the primal universe.

Hence, a few hundred years in primal chaos city seemed ok. But, from the looks of it now…it was obviously not enough.

“No rush at all, the basics are the most fundamental.” True Yan said.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, filled with confidence within.

Walking the true pinnacle path of the beast god, he was filled with confidence.

“Ah, right.” True Yan said, “Luo Feng, I know you are very strong, much stronger than what you show the Virtual Universe Company.”

Luo Feng laughed.

He frequently sought help from his teacher, naturally he showed him quite a bit of his strength.

“You have no need to hide your strength, you have to show it.” True Yan emphasized. “Show you heavenly talents, only then will they favor you more. And every primal region sector lord will get a sea of resources for nurture. The stronger you are, the more you’ll get. If you perform very well…the moment you break through to sector lord, you will immediately be given a huge amount of resources!”

“If you are weak, you’ll get less.”

“The strong get more.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

That was right, he was in primal chaos city, there was no more need to stay low profile.


Chapter 731: Training Way of Life

Luo Feng devoted himself to studying the beast god’s seven technique’s 1st manual.

The 1st level was a partial fusion of space and gold.

The gold laws…Luo Feng had already received the recognition of the laws, he was close to almost fully comprehending the gold laws. In that sense, he was already adequate enough to reach up to the 5th level of the beast god seven techniques.

In terms of the space laws, the 1st level’s requirements were…1st 3 pictures of the 9 universe tablet.

“Xi Luo Duo went through normal comprehension back then too, he didn’t truly comprehend all 108 wonders like I will.” Luo Feng thought. “However, according to his book, if one fully comprehended all 108 wonders of the space and gold law foundation, then the power of the 1st level would be even greater.”

“Hm!”

“I’ll first finish up the 108 wonders of the space law.” Luo Feng thought.

The path of comprehending the wonders was extremely tough. Luo Feng had the mosha clansman, the golden horned beast and he was sector lord level, hence his training was much faster. The over 180 years of training that he did in the gold horn race world, which was during sector lord level, was worth more than tens of thousands of years of domain lord level training.

Tens of thousands of years of training!

With Luo Feng’s talent, if he hadn’t studied the wonders of space, and simply studied the basic 9 universe tablet like others, he probably would have finished the 4th picture already.

Back then, Lian Luo took 3,000 years at sector lord level to fully comprehend the 108 wonders.

“Before comprehending the wonders fully, I won’t study the 4th or 5th picture…or there will be distractions.” Luo Feng took a deep breath.

Choosing this path.

It was set to be tough…

And he even picked a path which was even tougher than simply comprehending the laws…this was the fusion of laws!

“Bring it!”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with anticipation.

After which, he began his period of training, sitting crossed legged everyday on his balcony, while looking up occasionally to observe the law revolutions. The golden horned beast kept studying the huge beast god statue, and was also comprehending the beast god presence from the little statue. The mosa clansman on the other hand was studying the space laws.


With the help of the beast god statue, he was able to observe the law revolutions in the primal universe. He would occasionally head over to the city leader’s residence to view the tablet personally…also, he could head over to some emperor level undyings teaching classes. This way, his training speed was many times faster than in the actual universe!

…

Time passed.

His life had turned into a routine of listening to his teacher, attending other emperor level undyings’ classes, studying the beast god statue, and training.

Luo Feng was like a well oiled machine continuously growing, like a dry sponge desperately soaking up moisture.

…

In the blink of an eye, close to 90 years had passed, but this was the Primal universe time. As for the actual universe time, it was already close to 300 years.

Primal chaos city, within a majestic ancient residence, there gathered over a thousands warriors who were sitting crossed legged. They listened to an old man covered in green scales with a long beard teach a class.

“So, it’s that way.”

“Wonderful.”

Luo Feng sat crossed legged amidst the others and listened intently. He couldn’t help but reveal a look of glee, as the doubts in his mind started clearing up. The old man teaching the class…was one of those that he frequented in this close to 90 years. This warrior was Yan Long emperor, he was well reputed in primal chaos city, as he was definitely a true pinnacle level being amongst the emperor level undyings. In terms of strength alone, he was very close to True Yan emperor.

True Yan emperor and Yan Long emperor along with other pinnacle level emperors would often draw a lot of people to their classes.

Yan Long emperor was from the Virtual Universe Company faction, and he specialized in space and gold laws. Hence, Luo Feng enjoyed his classes and frequented them.

“We will end here today.”

The green scaled old man smiled and said, his long beard flowed in the wind as he got up.

“Thank you teacher!”

Over a 1,000 warriors below, and more than half of them were undyings, along with the other geniuses, got up and bowed extremely respectfully as they shouted with gratitude.

These classes were afterall free, they were definitely grateful for them.

Yan Long emperor smiled and brought his disciples and left, the crowd down below began to disperse as well.

“Ah, Tuo Ka, that must be Luo Feng. Even though I’ve heard of his name in the Huge Axe dojo, and know that he’s an absolute genius, this is the 1st time I’ve seen him. Ah, right, he should be a primal region domain lord. You are also a domain lord primal region member, you should be familiar with him right. Tell me about him.” In the distance, two men were chatting.

Among these two, one was fatter with 3 soft horns on his forehead, and his skin was red as he smiled at Luo Feng. The other was a skinny cold man in black armor.

“Hm, he is indeed a primal region domain lord. There are a total of 11 people in the domain lord level primal region right now.” The skinny man said coldly. “He just rose from the universe level, and he hasn’t even taken part in any qualification battles. Hence, I’m not close to him.”

“Ah, what a pity.” The fatter man shook his head.

“What’s there to pity.” The skinny man said coldly, “Ti Si Pu Luo, do you really care about him?”

“He is afterall a rare genius.” The fatter man said.

“Hmph…he just recently became a domain lord, he hasn’t even taken part in one qualification battle. And the next domain lord battle will be in 18 years. The primal region universe level members have very low standards, the strongest only passing the 8th level of the heavenly bridge. And at our domain lord level…the lowest primal region members have all passed the 10th level.” The skinny man said coldly, “This Luo Feng is set…to be eliminated to the absolute beginning region.”

“Newbies. It’s normal to be eliminated temporarily.” The fatter man said.

“That’ll depend on his strength then.” The skinny man glanced at Luo feng and smiled coldly. “My teacher said that he was an absolute genius, he would definitely take the primal region slot in the future. However, I don’t believe it…geniuses normally start off fast and slide down slowly…there’s so many cases of it.”

“That does seem right.” The fatter man nodded.

“What’s more, our domain lord primal region has 10 seniors. Even though on the surface, only 1 has passed the 11th level, they are all incredibly crafty. Even if they had the ability to pass the 11th, they will all hide it well. This way, they can surprise their opponents during the qualification battles.” The skinny man said softly, “I dare guarantee, that there are at least 3 of the seniors that can pass the 11th level. As for the rest, they all have passed the 10th a long time ago…but, they all have their own secret techniques…”

The fatter man nodded.

“The qualification battles 18 years from now will have the 10 seniors and Luo Feng, the single newbie. Just watch, he will lose very badly.” The skinny man said confidently.

“Haha…” The fatter man laughed.

…

Luo Feng, who was walking out with the crowd heard everything clearly, it was obvious this Tuo Ka wasn’t trying to hide it.

“These bunch of punks…they don’t know that I don’t even consider them as opponents.” Luo Feng thought.

Tuo Ka was one of the 10 seniors of the domain lord primal region members, he was pretty strong.

Actually over so many years…

Luo Feng had discovered that the 10 seniors of the primal region had some conflict with him due to his swift uprising! It made many within the Virtual Universe Company regard him as a rare genius of the past 10,000 eras, and that he would take a spot in the sector lord primal region.

Amongst the four secret regions, the primal region was the most respected and valuable.

Universe level, domain lord level, sector lord!

It was obvious that the competition was most intense at the sector lord level, of which it involved a large amount of resource distribution. As the upper echelon all complimented Luo Feng…it naturally made the similar primal region geniuses all unhappy. All of them were afterall vying for the same sector lord primal region spots!

“Looking down on me?” Luo Feng thought as he shook his head, mocking within, “During the qualification battles in 18 years, I’ll give them something to look at.”

“Luo Feng.”

Babata’s voice resounded within his mind, “Even though on the surface you are a domain lord, in truth you are already sector lord level! Your training efficiency for one day equates to their 1 year… and now, with the 3 clones, and the beast god statue, you are already stronger than them. You will simply be bullying them.”

“Bully?” Luo Feng laughed.

Indeed.

During the close to 90 years in primal chaos city, Luo Feng had completely comprehended 102 of the 108 wonders. In terms of efficiency…it was 20 times that of Lian Luo! The main thing was that he had 3 clones, all extremely gifted and the heavenly beast god statue, naturally his efficiency was much higher.

“I hope I can finish the 108 wonders before the qualification battles.” Luo Feng thought.

The moment he did that.

Then his space law comprehension would be sufficient to pass the 12th level of the heavenly bridge. This was what Lian Luo said back then…and Luo Feng had realized himself as well, that even without relying on his shocking spirit energy amplitude, he could still pass the 11th level already.

“Let’s go to the city leader’s residence.” Luo Feng turned and headed that way.

“Why are we heading there?” Babata asked.

“To study the 9 universe tablet.” Luo Feng smiled.

“But you’ve already used up all your chances.” Babata said.

Having been in primal chaos city for close to 90 years, Luo Feng had never once attempted the heavenly bridge. Hence, he only had two chances at studying the tablet, and 30 years ago, he had already used it up.

“Simple, I’ll attempt the heavenly bridge.” Luo Feng smiled. “My walk from here to the city leader’s residence…should be enough for me to pass the 12th level.”

Immediately, he sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network.

Standing at the entrance of the heavenly bridge.

Right in the center of the beautiful island stood the watchman Bevin who had been here for countless years. He stood there patiently, suddenly a silhouette appeared out of nowhere in the center, it was a black haired youth.

“Ah, Luo Feng.” Watchman Bevin revealed a smile, dressed in a fiery red long robe, he smiled and walked over.

“Watchman Bevin, you’ve changed your robe.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Haha, I can’t always be wearing the same thing.” He smiled and replied. “I haven’t seen you in a long time, ever since you passed the 7th level, you haven’t attempted it even once. In the blink of an eye…several hundred years have passed. I know you, the moment you attempt the bridge, it’s always shocking. How are you prepared to shock us this time? Passing straight to the 9th? Or…the barrier of the 10th?”

Most of the domain lord primal region members had all only passed the 10th.

Luo Feng had only been training for a few hundred years…

Watchman Bevin was mocking him too, he didn’t think Luo Feng was truly that exceptional.

Luo Feng smiled, “I’ll surprise you.”

“Ah?” Watchman Bevin was shocked, “I’ll be waiting.”

Luo Feng smiled and became a beam of light flying towards the 9 universe bridge.


Chapter 732: Attempting The Heavenly Bridge

Luo Feng stood before the 9 universe bridge and gazed at the never ending bridge before him. Smiling he said, “Old friend, it’s been awhile, naturally I’m going to shock everyone today. It’s time to give it my all and show everybody my strength.”

Sou!

He instantly became a gold beam of light and disappeared into the distance, beginning his attempt.

…

As he began his attempt, watchman Bevin began sending out a group of mails.

“The absolute genius of the past 10,000 eras Luo Feng sure is watched by many of the upper echelons.” Watchman Bevin muttered. “They all ordered me to let them know the moment he attempts the bridge.”

In an instant, tens of mails were sent out.

There were 3 exceptional members from Luo Feng’s batch of geniuses. One of them was Bolan, another was Rong Jun and the last was Luo Feng! Bolan and Luo Feng were both regarded as geniuses of the past 10,000 eras. Rong Jun however was looked on as a treasure by the upper echelon of the Virtual Universe Company, they even competed against each other to accept him as their disciple.

However at least for now, of the 3 geniuses, Luo Feng was in the lead.

…

Jade emperor extended her crystal like finger and gently tapped open a screen, a mail appeared on it.

“Luo Feng is attempting the heavenly bridge?” Her perfect face revealed a peculiar smile as she said softly, “This punk never rests till he shocks everybody. The other geniuses from his batch that had attempt the bridge regularly, especially that Bolan…he’s already passed the 8th level!”

“Who knows how many levels he’ll pass this time, 9th? Or…the unbelievable 10th?” Jade Emperor smiled and immediately rushed to the bridge.

In less than 10 seconds, Ture Yan, Jade, Tie Nan…Bei Cang official and so on, a total of 86 undyings, where over half of them were emperors, and the rest of them were officials, had all gathered at the bridge.

On the island in the center of the heavenly bridge area, True Yan and the other undyings gathered.

“Haha, so many people.” True Yan laughed and looked about.

“True Yan, it’s your fault for producing such an exceptional disciple.” A huge man with a huge golden beard laughed. “The knight ordered me to take note of this punk, I don’t dare slack off. The moment I found out he was attempting the bridge, I had to come immediately.”

“Yea, I’m here on the knight’s orders too.” The other emperors along with some officials smiled.

The atmosphere was good.

True Yan laughed as he turned to look at Jade behind him, mocking, “Jade, you have to tell the 9 blade knight the news. With so many of the upper echelon watching him…9 blade sure has pressure on him. When my disciple does well, others may want to steal him away.”

“Whatever belongs to the knight is his, no one can take him away.” Jade’s gaze swept past the group of undyings, making many of them laugh out loud.

The knights (universe country leaders) within the Virtual Universe Company were all competing, and the number of warriors below them…were naturally different. And getting more pinnacle level emperors under them may give them the chance to actually break through to becoming knights.

These naturally formed sects even amongst the knights. There were many situations where the knights couldn’t personally attend to, naturally having a powerful warrior under them made a huge difference.

“It’s hard enough to get a normal emperor level undying. However as for when Luo Feng will reach emperor level pinnacle like his teacher True Yan, when that time comes, he can form his own sect.” A black robed lady with a long snake tail smiled, “9 blade knight won’t be able to stop him either. When that happens, the many knights and country leaders will use all methods to attract him…it’ll be hard to say who he will go to.”

“You seem to really favor him.” Jade looked over.

“That is at least a possibility.” The black robed lady smiled, “Everybody, how far do you think he’ll go this time?”

“At least the 8th! The Bolan from his batch has already passed the 8th.”

“From what I see, it may be the 9th, he’s used to shocking people.”

“Hm, I think it’s the 9th too.”

“9th is the limit! Every 3 levels is a barrier, it’s highly unlikely he passes the 10th.”

“9th.”

“It may be the 10th, don’t get too shocked when he does it.”

“True Yan, what do you think.”

A big group of emperors and officials representing their knights, even though the officials were weaker in strength, they could still take on such matters. It was obvious they were all trusted aides… hence everybody was carefree about the matter.

“It seems like most think he’ll reach the 9th level.” True Yan wasn’t exactly laughing as he smiled, his gaze sweeping past the crowd, “Everybody will just have to wait and see, ah. The battle’s starting!”

After which the 86 undyings all turned to look at the screen.

On it, Luo Feng had just reached the end of the 8th level, the asteroid had just turned into a blue clothed man as they faced off and began.

The battle ensued for just a second before it ended.

He had passed the 8th level!

“He didn’t win completely over the 8th, the 9th should be his limit.”

“Hm.”

86 undyings all watched the screen and commented; however they quickly grew silent.

…

The 9th level’s opponent still used the Nan Shen Armament’s 6th level Blade world, but it had reached a very high level. Luo Feng used his blade world as well to clash about 10 times, after getting a good grasp on his opponent’s attack…only then did he defeat him.

9th level, pass!

…

The 10th level was a yellow clothed man, he used the Nan Shen Armament’s 7th level, Land and sky crushing rod. This rod belonged to the extreme high level of the blade world. Luo Feng similarly clashed with him for about 10 times before fiercely crushing him.

10th level, pass!

…

11th level, the yellow clothed opponent used the Nan Shen Armament’s 8th level, Space slicing Gold blade, Luo Feng still clashed with him for awhile before killing him.

11th level, pass!

On the island.

The group of undyings were all silent, as all of them were shocked as they stared at the screen, all in disbelief.

Was this possible?

He was initially leading the geniuses by passing the 7th level of the heavenly bridge in the past. But, within just a few hundred years, suddenly he had the strength to pass the 11th level. Also, from what the undyings saw, he was obviously still not giving his all, he would purposely clash a few times with the opponents before killing them. It was obvious the 11th level opponent hadn’t even given him much of a challenge.

“My god.”

“How is this possible?”

“His improvement is so fast, and he’s only a domain lord. Even if he was a sector lord, it’s still impossible for him to improve so much in just a few hundred years.”

“Terrifying!”

“Too terrifying.”

The emperors and officials were all stunned. Luo Feng’s improvement speed had far exceeded an absolute genius, even exceeding that of a demon. Hence, they could only call him a monster! one that exceeded all expectations and imaginations, an absolute genius monster!

Just like Ke Di back then…universe level, domain lord, sector lord level, he could all pass the primal region sky mountain. And at sector lord level pinnacle he was akin to an emperor level undying, he could even kill official level undyings!

This was a monster!

In terms of strength, Luo Feng was still far from Ke Di back then. However, his speed improvement over these few hundred years… was definitely not ordinary!

“Will he pass the 12th?”

“Is law comprehension as easy as drinking water to him. How is this even possible? There should be a limit, no?”

“Right now amongst the 10 seniors of the domain lord primal region members, the strongest has only passed the 11th level, and he’s already trained for tens of thousands of years. As for this Luo Feng, has he exceeded him from just a few hundred years of training? This is impossible!”

The undyings all held their breaths.

It was pure silence on the island, no one dared say anything, all of them were staring hard at the screen.

…

Levels 7-9 were in space. 10-12 were within a planet itself, the bridge extended into the core and lava region of the planet itself.

Within the planet.

Luo Feng stood at the end of the 12th level, gazing down at the vast land below, “I’ve finally reached the surface.”

There was rumbling from below the ground and a voice resounded, “Pick your opponent, fighter, controller, or hypnotist. Pick one, defeat him and you will pass the 12th level.”

“Controller.” Luo Feng said.

Rumble…

The ground shook and countless yellow lights shot out from all about below, swiftly gathering in mid air. In an instant, it became a yellow armored mysterious warrior wearing a mask, he carried a dark golden long rod on his back and stood on a dark cloud shuttle. He looked at Luo Feng and said, “To reach the 12th level at domain lord level, you are very exceptional. As of now, none of the domain lord members of the Virtual Universe Company have passed this.”

“Then let me break the record.” Luo feng smiled.

“You seem confident.” The yellow clothed man said coldly. “I’ll still be using the Nan Shen Armament’s 8th level, Space slicing gold blade. However, it’ll be much stronger than the 11th level, you will have to be careful.”

“Come.” Luo Feng smiled.

Rumble! Rumble!

Luo Feng and the yellow clothed man immediately shot out countless gold lights, every 81 of them swiftly becoming a golden little blade.

The two of them had 108 golden little blades around them. These 108 blades immediately revolved around and shot out many gold threads, as the powerful law ripples filled up their surroundings, space and gold laws, in perfect harmony, swiftly fusing.

“Combine!” Luo Feng and the man shouted simultaneously.

108 gold blades swiftly gathered and became a 2.8m tall gold broadsword.

The two of them floated in mid air with their broadswords.

Weng weng… Luo Feng’s broadsword shook before him.

“Spirit energy amplitude! Explode!” Luo Feng could feel his control over the broadsword feeling somewhat taxing. He immediately increased his spirit energy amplitude to 1,200, it was immediately much easier. It was almost like a normal person lifting a barbell, if he had 12 times the strength suddenly…it would suddenly seem much easier.


Chapter 733: Explode! Explode! Explode!

Luo Feng stood on his dark cloud shuttle. 1,200 threads of spirit energy poured into controlling the Nan Shen gold broadsword, precisely controlling the entire blade’s complex law engravings, triggering the space and gold laws. Luo Feng looked at the distant yellow clothed man and shouted, “Space slice!”

Hua!

The gold blade was strong and unwavering. The space around it warped as it followed the flow of space itself, almost like it flowed through the most precise path or slit in space. What was visible was a golden thread slicing through space, leaving behind a visible slit as it flew. It was obvious that if it was any stronger, it would instantly tear apart space itself.

“Hua!” The yellow clothed man stood on his dark cloud shuttle as he controlled his blade, fast as lightning.

The two blades instantly clashed in mid air.

It was almost like two absolute swordsman exchanging blades. Luo feng and the man had already reached an unbelievable level of control of the gold blades, they were so fast that only gold threads were visible in mid air, which spread throughout the skin and covered the area.

Clashing time and again.

It was very intense.

This scene had complete stunned the group of undyings watching the broadcast of the battle. This was a scene where the 8th level of the Nan Shen armament had reached an extremely high level…the gold blade was not even clearly visible, one could only see the gold threads move about. And this thread was caused by space being sliced apart.

Luo Feng and the yellow clothed man both were at domain lord level 9. Hence, they only left behind slits in space. If the two of them were sector lords, with their spirit energies 1,000 times stronger… using the space slice gold blade would slice through space like tofu. And only very very few sector lords could reach this level, yet Luo Feng had done it at domain lord level.

“Haha, this sure is savage.”

“Not bad.”

Clashing tens of times, Luo Feng got a clear grasp of his opponent’s ability, he finally smiled widely and increased his spirit energy amplitude to 1,600.

Xiu!

A gold thread got even faster, swiftly passing through the yellow clothed man’s body, so fast he couldn’t even dodge.

Papapapa…his body was instantly sliced apart like tofu. In an instant, the gold blade’s fierce blade energy sliced through and tore his body to shreds, his life core was broken…

12th level!

Passed!

“13th level!” Luo Feng took a deep breath, and his eyes were filled with anticipation and madness.

Rumble…the end of the bridge once again began to extend…

10th level, 11th level, 12th level, these were all within the core of the planet, the lava region and the surface of the planet.

Every three levels was a barrier.

The 13th…

The bridge extended upwards towards a star in space, it was obvious the battle would take place there.

“Star?” Luo Feng followed the never ending bridge up towards the fiery star, smiling as he swiftly flew along to begin the 13th level.

In the island at the center of the bridges.

86 undyings were all watching as Luo Feng once again exchanged blows with his opponent tens of times before killing him, they were all shocked.

“12th level, he has passed the 12th level! This Luo Feng keeps picking the most disadvantaged controller route…and he actually succeeded?” Jade was shocked within. She was completely dumbfounded, Luo Feng’s improvement speed had reached an unbelievable level, it completely surpassed her expectations.

“Could, could he…”

Jade looked at Luo Feng on the screen heading towards the 13th level, her eyes were filled with shock, “He’s attempting the 13th?”

It was not just Jade at this time, all the undyings including his teacher True Yan were all in shock. True Yan muttered to himself, “Luo Feng frequently demonstrates to me when he asks for guidance, I always felt that he could barely pass the 12th level. However from the looks of it…it wasn’t even taxing for him, could he really just pass the 13th? It’s not that possible, this is truly quite impossible.”

“Impossible.”

“How could it be.”

The group of undyings all couldn’t believe that Luo Feng would be able to pass the 13th level, however no one dared to make a guaranteed bet anymore. Luo Feng had just consecutively passed from the 8th to the 12th level, 5 levels in a row. This level of steadiness, clashing a few times before killing his opponents.

This level of steady self confidence had influenced them, it made them all unsure…of whether he could pass the 13th level.

Theoretically they all felt it was impossible!

…

Every three levels was a barrier, 1-3, 4-6, 7-9, 10-12…

It was obvious that the 12th to the 13th would be a huge difficulty jump, and it was very hard to breakthrough. As for Luo Feng’s attempt this time…many undyings had initially thought that he wouldn’t even pass the 10th level, yet now he had even passed the 12th.

One had to know that the strongest and most exceptional of the 10 seniors in the primal region domain lords had just passed the 11th, and these seniors had all been training for tens of thousands of years. But, how long had Luo Feng trained for?

It was absurd!

Passing the 12th level alone was crazy, would he really think of being able to pass the barrier, pass the 13th?

The heavenly bridge stretched from the planet all the way to space and into a star.

Luo feng swiftly flew to the surface of the star.

“Pick your opponent, fighter, controller, hypnotist, pick any one and if you defeat him, you will pass the 13th level.” A deep voice rumbled from the star.

“Controller.” Luo Feng held his breath.

When it came to the 13th level, he didn’t have much of a guarantee.

Completely comprehending the 108 wonders of the space laws was only sufficient to pass the 12th level, and right now he had comprehended 102 of the wonders. In terms of the space laws, he only had the capability to pass the 11th. Relying on his 1,600 spirit energy amplitude, only then could he defeat the 12th level.

And the opponent of this 13th level…his power was heavenly.

Could he still win?

“I’ll do my best and give it a shot. Let’s see if my hard labour for the past 90 years in primal chaos city bore fruit.” Luo Feng stared ahead.

Rumble!

The surface flames of the star suddenly shot out a fireball. This fireball floated and gathered on the surface of the star, becoming a red armored masked man. He had fiery red hair and carried a dark golden long rod and stood on the dark cloud shuttle.

His gold eyes stared at Luo Feng.

“To reach the 13th level at domain lord level, it’s been too long since this happened.” The flame armored man looked at Luo Feng as his powerful voice resounded.

“Then let me break the record.” Luo Feng smiled.

“The 13th level is much harder than the 12th. Little punk…let’s hope you can take it.” The man smiled, “I believe you’ve guessed it, I use the Nan Shen Armament’s 9th and final level…A match against undying.”

Luo Feng squinted.

He actually…this punk could actually unleash the last level.

Nan Shen Armament, also known as the Heavenly armament, the full name was 9 levels heavenly armament, which had 9 levels in total. From the 1st level’s Illusion blade rising to the final and strongest 9th level A Match against undying. Even many sector lord pinnacle warriors couldn’t reach this level. In fact, many undyings couldn’t even use this.

“Let’s begin.” Luo Feng held his breath, “I have to give it my all. Whether I lose or win, it’ll depend on luck.”

“Very good, you seem to have fighting spirit. “The flame armored man laughed.

Rumble!

The flame armored man’s dark golden long rod immediately exploded open, and countless little golden blades spread throughout the sky. From there, a peculiar fusion began to occur, it was completely different from the 9th level’s combination. It was the final and strongest combination of the Nan Shen Armament!

In an instant!

A completely golden 3.3m blade that seemed normal floated there in space. It seemed like it was there and yet not, almost like it could vanish into space.

Nan Shen Armament’s 9th level…A Match against undying!

This was actually called that because if a sector lord pinnacle could use this, it could instantly pass through space like teleportation and vanish, suddenly appearing at any spot and instantly killing the opponent.

The weapon could pass through space and time to appear anywhere. Naturally, it was much simpler than one teleporting himself, hence when one’s space comprehension reached the 13th level of the heavenly bridge, along with their gold laws at the extreme, they could barely begin to unleash this move.

Even at the basic level of strength, this move as still called A Match against undying!

That was because, If a sector lord pinnacle could use this move, its powerful force along with its instantaneous ability to attack…even a normal undying would have to be on guard against it and not let it accelerate against him. The moment he got careless and let the sector lord chase up to him with the blade appearing instantly…

Chi, even an undying would be heavily injured, if he wasn’t killed. And this would make it so that they would be unable to use their fastest speed to chase the sector lord.

Hence, this move was called A Match against undying.

…

The flame armored man’s dark golden long rod exploded behind him, becoming the perfect form of the Nan Shen Armament, a 3.3 m long golden blade.

Luo Feng was going all out.

Rumble. The golden long rod on his back immediately shot out countless gold lights and became 108 little blades before swiftly forming the 2.8m long golden broadsword. It was the 8th form Space slicing gold blade. Afterall, he couldn’t unleash the 9th level yet.

“The maximum power of the 8th level can still beat the 9th.” Luo Feng howled within.

Rumble!

The golden horned beast in his internal world raised its head and howled, using its natural ability strengthen.

Rumble!

His spirit energy amplitude rose instantly from 1,600 to over 3,200, reaching its limit!

“I spent 90 years in primal chaos city studying the beast god statue hard, also studying the laws and resonating between the two of them. These 90 years add up to over 900 years in the actual universe. After such a long period of training, I can control a bit of the powerful beast god presence. Even though I still don’t know how to fuse the laws, after trillions of times imitating it, I can still use some of it.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with madness.

“Kill!”

His maximum spirit energy unleashed as he controlled the blade.

Searching for that thread of terrifying beast god presence, the 2.8 m broadsword instantly tore through the air. The noiseless and somewhat traceless perfect form of the Nan Shen armament, the 3.3m gold blade instantly flew through the air and the two blades finally clashed for the 1st time.

Neither was prepared to give an inch!

Rumble!


Chapter 734: Huge Shocks

The two blades clashed!

The space around the flames of the star instantly exploded apart, revealing a visible black hole. Many spatial tears appeared throughout with shards of space floating about. The black hole broke open as swiftly as it sealed itself back up.

The broadsword floated in mid air, it was knocked back a few thousand km before once again tearing through space and rushing towards the 3.3m long Nan Shen gold blade.

That blade was knocked back over 10,000 km before it flashed forward again.

“I have the advantage.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed at the situation.

Actually, the opponent had unleashed the Nan Shen’s perfect form… using 10,081 little gold blades to form the perfect 3.3.m Nan Shen blade. However, he didn’t unleash the legendary teleportation ability, and if his opponent was sector lord pinnacle, using the world energy of a sector lord pinnacle…he could trigger the perfect Nan Shen blade and travel through space, disappearing occasionally, and was also extremely hard to follow and predict.

However, the opponent was only a domain lord level 9, hence he was unable to unleash its full potential!

The theory was simple.

Basic foundation strength was important, if there was a star traveller monster that could unleash the 9th level of the Nan Shen armament, he could at most form it, but with a star traveller’s spirit energy, they could only make it fly at a pitiful speed. It could never compare to a sector lord’s speed.

The opponent was disadvantaged, but so was Luo Feng.

The body he used in the virtual universe network was that of a basic domain lord level 9 with a domain lord level 9 spirit energy, and that compared to a sector lord pinnacle was a difference of 1,000 times! If Luo Feng reached the sector lord pinnacle, using the terrifying beast god presence in his blade…its power would be absurd!

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

In the space above the star, the broadsword and the Nan Shen gold blade clashed over and over.

The gold blade was vicious and piercing, almost like a silent assassin, as it unpredictably flashed about. However, the moment it got an opportunity, it would strike!

The broadsword was brutal and powerful, like a true tyrant. It was infused with a powerful sense of the beast god, almost like a force that rushed forward without any obstruction in space. Of course, in terms of control of the weapon, it seemed simple and brute like, but it had the sense of an unpolished gem.

The two blades clashed, the assassin against the brute.

It was very clear…

The brute was taking the advantage.

“This is the true Space slicing gold blade! It’s infused with brutality and will power, slashing through space itself!” Luo Feng was completely immersed in his control of the beast god presence. The broadsword flashed through the space and left behind slits and tears. Everytime they clashed it left behind huge tears in the space around it.

Battle!

The broadsword was obviously winning. With each clash, he was getting better and better, forcing the opponent’s Nan Shen gold blade to be knocked back and its area getting smaller.

“Go and die!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed as he determined he could win.

Xiu!

The broadsword became a piercing gold thread and tore through space, piercing straight at the flame armored man.

The Nan Shen gold blade tried to stop it.

But the broadsword simply dodged it and pierced straight at the man! It was a risky tactic, regardless of the opponent’s attack, he would still aim to kill the other.

“No!” The flame armored man retreated quickly on the dark cloud shuttle and controlled the gold blade to pierce at Luo Feng.

It couldn’t be helped…

The clashes before had forced the flame armored man into having very little space to move about, hence the broadsword instantly reached him. The Nan Shen gold blade however took quite a while to get to Luo Feng.

With such a gap…

It determined the victor instantly!

Pu Chi! The broadsword flashed past the body of the flame armored man, as countless amounts of blade energy tore his body to shreds and destroyed his life core.

13th level!

Passed!

The 86 undyings standing in the middle of the island of the heavenly bridges all looked up at the broadcast. When Luo Feng finally defeated and passed the 13th level, all of them, including True Yan were completely stunned.

Domain lord passing the 13th level?

How long has it been?

There were definitely such absolute geniuses in history. However, whenever such a person would appear, 99% of them were domain lord geniuses that had trained much longer than Luo feng had. Afterall, to pass the 13th level after a few short hundred years of training was indeed amazing when compared to those that trained for tens of thousands of years and only passed the 11th…and that person was the strongest genius amongst the seniors of the primal region domain lords.

The 11th level compared to the 13th, these were two completely different standards.

Especially since the 12th to the 13th was a barrier, breaking through was extremely hard.

“It’s, it’s only been a few hundred years.”

“This Luo Feng…”

“He actually passed the 13th level!”

“From the 8th to the 13th, 6 levels consecutively?”

The group of undyings including Bevin all held their breaths and watched. No one dared to say anything…they were all stunned by the miraculous run of 6 consecutive levels. Against the appearance of this monster, they couldn’t say anything at all.

…

Luo Feng stood at the end of the 13th level, looking ahead as the bridge extended into the star itself.

“I barely won the 13th level. My advantage was very slight, I probably don’t have much hope for the 14th. Even though there’s no guarantee, I still have to try.” Luo Feng swiftly flew to the 14th level and continued, quickly reaching the insides of the star…deep into the sea of flames.

Even though it was extremely hot, it was nothing against a domain lord level 9 body.

A domain lord level 9’s flying speed was afterall faster than over 10,000 km per second. Even a universe level could fight on a White dwarf star, a domain lord level 9’s body was much tougher than that after all.

Chi chi chi…

There were endless flames everywhere.

At the end of the 14th level, Luo Feng stood there and chose controller again as his opponent. The opponent was similarly a flame armored man.

“Passing the 13th level at domain lord level, you have a boundless future.” The flame armored man’s gold eyes looked at Luo Feng. “If you pick controller, these levels 13 to 15 all use the Nan Shen Armament’s 9th level. Although they will all use the same move…the power however is very different, if you didn’t have anything in reserve before, then you probably have no chance of victory.”

Luo Feng smiled as he listened.

A match against Undying, it was the final and most perfect move of the Nan Shen Armament.

Just like how blade world was used in levels 7-9.

A match against undying was being used from levels 13-15, this was within his expectations.

Rumble!

Both unleashed their Nan Shen Armament simultaneously.

They clashed instantly!

Chi!

The Nan Shen gold blade brushed past Luo Feng’s broadsword, shaking slightly, fast as lightning, unpredictable as it instantly pierced through Luo Feng’s body, tearing him apart.

Brush, shake and pierce.

Luo Feng didn’t even have a fighting chance, he simply lost.

“From the Nan Shen 36 levels, A match against undying is also separated by its power levels.” Luo Feng thought before being kicked out of the heavenly bridge.

Luo Feng had lost!

This attempt at the bridge had officially ended, he finally lost at the 14th level.

The 86 undyings in the center island, including the watchman Bevin all watched as he finally lost at the 14th level. Many of them who had held their breaths nervously finally let out a sigh of relief.

“He finally lost.”

“He, can lose too.”

Many undyings within the group all laughed, even beginning their discussions.

However what followed was a rush of shock over all of them, they were actually pressured by this monster’s performance. They couldn’t be blamed…his performance was simply too terrifying, just how many levels were there on bridge?

Reaching the 18th level was already the emperor undying level.

Reaching the 15th was the official level undying level.

Reaching the 10th was the most normal undying level.

Of course, law comprehension level didn’t represent that a sector lord was weaker than an undying. Many sector lords would immediately become official level the moment they broke through, even emperor level.

Luo Feng had passed up to the 13th level. If a sector lord that had trained for hundreds of thousands of years had passed the 13th level, it wouldn’t even be shocking. However, this domain lord that had trained for a few hundred years…this was simply beyond anyone’s expectations.

“True Yan, congratulations.”

“Haha, you have a good disciple.”

“Congratulations.”

The group of undyings all laughed.

“Hahaha…” True Yan was extremely happy too, he thought within, “This kid sure knows how to hide. He probably had a few special encounters, he normally displays to only me, his true law comprehension levels. And when he attempted the bridge earlier…he should have used some extra strengthening abilities. Sick, in a few hundred years, he’s passed the 13th level. Back when he first came to primal chaos city, he didn’t even pass the 1st level.”

“Jade.” True Yan looked at her, “You have to be careful, there will be many knights after my disciple.”

Jade glanced at him.

Shua.

She vanished, obviously rushing to report to 9 blade knight. She was also very clear…that the appearance of such a monster would immediately arouse all the superpowers.

Following her, many other undyings swiftly left too to report to their superiors, True Yan simply laughed loudly and left. Only watchman Bevin was left on the island, he took a deep breath, “This Luo Feng’s performance was simply too, too…”

Watchman Bevin secretly sent out a bunch of mails, this monster that probably only appears only once every trillion eras, he didn’t dare not to report him.

…

“What did you say?” 9 blade knight sat high up in his throne, he stood up fiercely and gazed down at Jade emperor.

“Luo Feng passed 6 levels consecutively, he’s passed the 13th level of the heavenly bridge.” Jade said respectfully.

…

“Sir knight, I’m cutting to the chase, Luo Feng has indeed passed the 13th level. I know that the primal region domain lord 10 seniors, even the strongest one has only passed the 11th…you can watch the footage here.”

…

“A few hundred years and he’s already surpassed the other geniuses that have trained for tens of thousands of years, and is even stronger by a hundred times? Is he another absolute genius like Ke Di?”

…

The group of undyings along with Bevin’s report had resulted in almost all the upper echelon of the Virtual Universe Company hearing the news of Luo Feng’s heavenly bridge attempt almost immediately.


Chapter 735: Storm

Such a miraculous occurrence, it spread like wildfire. The group of undyings couldn’t help but share it with their friends…hence, within a short half an hour, the news of the punk that had only trained for a few hundred years passing the 13th level had already spread throughout…

And the main lead Luo Feng however wasn’t in the least bit excited.

“I won’t go study the 9 universe tablet yet.” He suddenly stopped as he headed towards the city leader’s residence. Frowning, “I had some revelation earlier when I passed the 6 levels, I’ll first head back to reflect on it before heading out to study the 9 universe tablet.”

After which he turned and headed back to this training quarters.

Every level he fought, he had exchanged tens of rounds with his opponents. Hence, he had clearly seen their skill and they way they handled their Nan Shen Armament. All of them had different styles from him, hence it triggered quite a bit of inspiration in him.

…

On the quiet balcony of his training quarters, Luo Feng jumped up and sat crossed legged there, and began to reflect on the many battles. This was very important to him, hence he immediately closed his virtual universe connection to prevent any disruptions.

Hu…hu…

The flow of the primal chaos energies, Luo Feng pondered calmly.

He didn’t know that he had created a huge commotion throughout.

Virtual universe, Thunder island, 9 blade knight’s palace.

9 Blade knight stood there and frowned, he was dressed in his green armor with purple scales on his head.

“Knight, this Luo Feng is too terrifying. Many absolute geniuses start off strong but slow down towards the back. His improvement however simply gets more shocking…he’s only lived for a few hundred years, yet he’s already passed the 13th level. He is definitely a rare genius of 10 million eras. The other knights and universe country leaders will definitely want to accept him as their student. When that happens, he may become someone else’s underling, you cannot hesitate anymore.” Jade stood nervously beside.

9 blade knight gently held out his hand in mid air.

Jade emperor immediately held back whatever else she wanted to say, keeping silent.

“I understand.” 9 blade nodded.

“However…” Jade said nervously.

Jade was 9 blade knight’s number 1 emperor level undying. Hence they were very close, and the two of them often discussed problems together. Even though it was 9 blade that gave the orders…jade was usually the one that organized and led his armies, along with other duties etc.

9 blade shook his head and smiled, “How can I not be clear about it, that Bolan and him have trained for about the same amount of time. However, he only just passed the 8th level…and yet he’s already considered exceptional amongst the universe levels. This Luo Feng however has already passed the 13th level, he is thousands to tens of thousands of times stronger than Bolan. Bolan is a rare genius of 10,000 eras, yet, this Luo Feng naturally is one of one in 10 million eras.”

“But look, which of these geniuses of the 10 million eras have never aroused the many powerful people to want them. I’m clear on this, Luo Feng must be clear too.” 9 blade shook his head, “Otherwise, he wouldn’t have ignored the mail I personally sent to him.”

“Knight, you’ve already sent the mail?” Jade was shocked.

She didn’t expect his action to be that fast.

“He didn’t reply, how can he dare not to reply?” Jade was shocked.

“He naturally wouldn’t dare not to reply me. However, he’s closed his connection to the virtual universe network.” 9 blade knight shook his head. “Since he’s done that…he naturally cannot receive anything, hence I cannot blame him.”

Jade was shocked.

Clever punk.

This Luo Feng sure was cunning, he had probably already expected many powerful people to invite him, or have the intention of accepting him as their disciple, and as he was low in position himself, he wouldn’t dare reject anyone. Hence he purposely shut off his connections, this would naturally leave him innocent.

Reopening it after awhile after amassing large amounts of mail, he would then be able to pick from the lot.

“Cunning.” Jade said softly.

“Such a genius, it’s natural he has such smarts about him.” 9 blade knight shook his head and smiled. “Relax, I am after all the knight above him and am either directly or indirectly responsible for him. The 1st mail he should receive should still be mine.”

After Luo Feng passed the 13th level of the heavenly bridge, a huge storm was caused. It didn’t only affect the upper echelons of the Virtual Universe Company, it also reached the other races.

…

In a starfield in desolate universe country, there was a slit in space which held a god country within.

This majestic god country was where the bug clan organization lay in hiding.

Within the god country, there was a mountain range that was over 1 million km high. It was the tallest mountain there, and at its peak… there was a shrine that was over 100,000 km tall. It glowed in a dazzling gold light, shining over the land, and silhouettes could be seen within the shrine.

Humans, intrepid bug soldiers, they worked harmoniously within.

“Master, master.”

Within the highest level of the shrine, a gold robed silhouette flashed and appeared within the vast palace, shouting anxiously, “I have important matters to report, important matters.”

Howl…howl…Over 10,000 gold bug soldiers (Undying bug soldiers) scattered within the palace immediately raged as they noticed the gold robed man rushing straight in, they let out warning signals to him. Almost like they were saying if he showed anymore disrespect, they would attack him.

“Why the rush, what’s there to report.” A gentle voice resounded within the hall, a voice that calmed one’s entire body.

The gold robed man looked respectfully at the large amount of undying soldiers protecting a 10km tall mother nest. “I just got news that the human genius Luo Feng, no. 3, has just attempted the heavenly bridge today. He’s only lived for a few hundred years and yet now he’s already passed the 13th level!”

“13th level?”

Her gentle voice had some suspicion within, “Passing the 10th is a normal undying’s level. This means that no.3’s law comprehension is already akin or even better than a general already.”

“Yes master.” The man replied respectfully but urgently. “And to reach such a level in a few short years, compared to the most exceptional Bolan that came from the same batch of the genius competition, he only just passed the 8th level, he cannot compare to Luo Feng at all. That Bolan is already considered a rare genius of the past 10,000 eras, but, this Luo Feng is worthy of being one of the past 10million eras.”

10 million eras, that was 100 billion years.

Even though the universe had been around for a long time, 10 million eras was still considered a long period of time. Any genius capable of taking that title, such as Ke Di and Shi Huo knight, even though many had fallen during their time, whoever that didn’t… would have shocking achievements!

The absolute genius of 10 million eras that didn’t die, the weakest would also be an emperor pinnacle level.

“Rare genius of 10 million eras, comparable to Ke Di?” The gentle voice resounded.

“Yes.” The gold robed man said.

“When we got rid of Ke Di’s threat back then, our bug clan had spent quite a bit of energy and resources to cause his teacher, the primal chaos city leader to be unable to warp time and space and revive him.” The gentle voice resounded. “Raise Luo Feng’s position to no.1. I will report this to the race…our organization already doesn’t have enough resources to deal with him, you can go.”

“Yes.”

The gold robed man left respectfully.

The universe was infinitely vast, humanity, bug clan, automaton race etc, all these together still only took up but a small portion of the universe. In the distant regions, there were other incredibly powerful races. Of which, there was a god country hidden in a slit of space there.

This was a god country continent filled with black energy flow.

Within the majestic black shrine.

“Master.”

A silhouette covered in black smog knelt respectfully, and within the chilly hall there sat a over 3km tall silhouette formed from countless black rocks. The surface of the rocks burned with red flames, his nose occasionally shot out black flames.

His two horns seemed to be made from a translucent ceramic glaze.

He looked down at the tiny black silhouette.

“Hm?” The majestic silhouette shot out black flames from his nostrils.

“Master, we just got word that the Hong Alliance humanity just produced an absolute genius, he’s called Luo Feng. He’s only trained for a few hundred years and yet he’s already passed the heavenly bridge’s 13th level.” The little silhouette said respectfully. “He is definitely a rare genius of 10 million eras, however he is currently living in the sacred land of humanity primal chaos city, with their leader guarding there. Hence, our race has no way to infiltrate.”

The majestic silhouette gazed down at the silhouette below. Wherever the primal chaos city leader guards, there’s no hope. We’ll wait, when he becomes sector lord, he will definitely head out to the outer region wars…there’ll naturally be a chance to get rid of him!”

Countless crystal metals floated about the majestic god country. The entire diameter of the place was about 3 million km, and was completely formed from a peculiar crystal.

In the core of the area.

A man sat in a jade green throne. He seemed like a perfect crystal carving which had the appearance of a human, and on his forehead he had one gold eye. The formless ripples revolved about his eye as it spread over the diameter of 300km area.

“Ah?”

“The distant Hong alliance human race has actually produced a rare genius of 10 million eras…”

“Looks like the bug clan, the demons and the automaton race will all try and find ways to kill him. Sending out knights to do the job will have a guarantee of killing Luo Feng. However, the price would be that of them sacrificing their knights to the powerful warriors of humanity. Using a knight in place for Luo Feng? No race would do that. However if it’s just an undying…trying to assassinate him would be troublesome.”

“Interesting, interesting.”

“The 4 pinnacle races have territories close to each other, the more they fight the better.” The man said to himself softly, after which he closed his 3 eyes.

…

The news of humanity producing an absolute genius had, within one day, spread throughout the universe to countless races.


Chapter 736: Thirst for Talents

Primal chaos city, amongst the countless living quarters, on a particular balcony.

Luo Feng opened his eyes while sitting crossed legged, revealing a smile on his face, “The reflections have given me good benefits.”

“Babata.” Luo Feng shouted within.

“Here!” Babata said passionately. As Babata had only recognized Luo Feng as his true master only after he hit domain lord level, he was now extremely swift and passionate in all his orders now.

“Open connection to virtual universe network.” Luo Feng smiled, “There should be mail from quite a number of powerful people.”

“Understood.” Babata was very happy.

He immediately opened the network and a flood of mail entered.

“A total of 392 mail and 13 call requests.” Babata said.

“So many?” Luo Feng was shocked as he smiled.

When he decided to attempt the bridge earlier he had guessed that passing the 12th and 13th level would create a storm. Afterall, the strongest of the primal region domain lords that have trained for tens of thousands of years had only reached level 11…

He immediately sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe.

…

Virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain primal region, Luo Feng sat at his desk and opened the screen.

On it were many mails and some call requests.

“The main bulk of it is from knights, a total of 322 knights.” The others are some powerful undyings, also Wuka and Rong Jun have sent mails. The call requests include those two, ah, and your teacher True Yan’s call request is here as well.” Babata stood on his shoulder and said.

Shua shua shua…

Luo Feng swiftly read through the mails, his viewing speed was shocking as he finished them quickly.

“The knights don’t care about a rare genius of 10,000 eras.”

“As for an absolute monster of 10 million eras however, this has aroused them.” Luo Feng smiled. He could clearly feel their sincerity as they spoke affectionately to him via the mails, saying how they were willing to accept him as their disciple.

Of course everything was still up to Luo feng’s decision, and these knights didn’t bother to force him at all.

“I’ll first pay a visit to my teacher.” Luo Feng said.

Primal chaos city.

Luo Feng jumped down from his balcony and became a blur, swiftly heading to the not too distant True Yan Emperor’s residence. “Teacher.” Luo Feng walked into the yard and bowed respectfully.

“Sit.” True Yan had some peculiar wine beside him, he poured a glass for Luo Feng.

“Yes.” Luo Feng sat.

“Haha, you really gave me a shock.” True Yan glanced at him, after which he laughed, “I’m sure many knights have sent you mails.”

Luo Feng nodded, “Yes teacher.”

“Hm, your improvement has been shocking. According to the level and speed, even if you slow down slightly in the future…becoming an emperor pinnacle undying shouldn’t be too hard.” True Yan smiled. “Afterall, a rare genius of 10 million eras, other than falling mid way, the weakest still become emperor pinnacle, and close to 1/3 of them become knights. After discovering your shocking improvement, they will definitely fight to accept you…after all, the student teacher relationship is the most sturdy.”

Luo Feng nodded his head heavily.

The strong warriors all had incredibly long life spans, hence their relatives would all die off. Their next closest person would naturally be their teacher.

Respecting their teachers, this was something very important amongst humanity. Even if one of them exceeded his teacher in strength, he still would have to respect him. Because…the teacher was the one who guided and sped up your training, and a true teacher would have helped you time and again, this debt was huge. Naturally respect was a given. Whoever disrespected his teacher would be held with disdain by all the warriors.

This was also why the knights all wanted to accept Luo Feng as their disciple.

As long as he didn’t die halfway.

He would at least reach the emperor level pinnacle, and would become someone who is completely able to become their right or left arms! And the moment he became a knight…with a knight disciple, whether it was the wars or exploring the universe secret regions, outer region battles etc, with the student and teacher working together there was a higher guarantee of success. Others may backstab or kill others etc, however these sort of things hardly ever happen between student and teacher.

Whoever dared to kill their teacher, if it was discovered, they would be made a public enemy!

“Have you decided?” True Yan looked at him, “Then, who will you choose be your teacher.”

“I…” Luo Feng was hesitating.

“Don’t hesitate, which warrior doesn’t have a group of teachers.” True Yan laughed loudly. “Back then, I too climbed from a weak warrior to having a group of teachers. A teacher’s capability is afterall limited. For the sake of humanity’s growth, there’s naturally no limit to one person having only one teacher, it would only waste your talents.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“There are many knights, however I don’t know which to choose.” Luo Feng said.

Within, he was thinking of getting Tian Shi palace’s leader.

It couldn’t be helped.

Tian Shi palace’s leader never sent out any mail. As for the other over 300 knights, Luo Feng mostly didn’t even recognize them, he didn’t know who was strong or weak. The mail they all sent only briefly explained their abilities, however Luo Feng naturally understood the theory of overselling one self, and that not everything they said could be believed.

“Let me recommend you one.” True Yan smiled.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“Primal chaos city leader!” True Yan emphasized.

“Ah.” Luo Feng was shocked.

Primal chaos city leader?

The super being that guarded the sacred land of humanity itself? With the trillions of other races eyeing this sacred land constantly, the importance of this location could only be imagined. However after so long, no other race has ever dared come invade this primal chaos city, one could only imagine how powerful this being was.

“However teacher, he didn’t send me any mail.” Luo Feng said. “Am I to personally go promote myself?”

“No.” True Yan shook his head, “Even though he hasn’t sent a mail, he sent someone to tell me…that he’s willing to take you as a disciple in name.”

“Disciple in name?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“Haha…The city leader’s position and status is extremely high up. Even though your performance was not bad, you still haven’t earned the right to become his true disciple.” True Yan laughed loudly. “His disciples are all normally made up of knights. Of course…that Ke Di was his disciple too. But compared to Ke Di, you are still somewhat weaker.”

Luo Feng nodded his head and accepted it.

Ke Di had passed the primal region Sky mountain at universe, domain lord and sector lord level.

At sector lord he was akin to an emperor level undying, who was even able to kill official level undyings. It was said that his law comprehension at sector lord level was capable of passing the 20th level…otherwise he wouldn’t have been able to use his sector lord body to kill an official level undying.

Such an absolute genius, only he was accepted as a disciple.

“The city leader has also left a primal chaos tablet, do you know which one?” True Yan smiled at Luo Feng.

“52 tablets…” Luo Feng was shocked, in his mind the names of each tablet appeared.

“The universe Tablet.” True Yan said.

“The 2nd ranked tablet?” Luo Feng took a deep breath.

52 primal chaos tablets, the huge axe tablet was number 1 and the universe tablet was number 2.

The huge axe tablet was left behind by the creator of the Huge Axe Dojo, and the universe tablet was left by the primal chaos city leader. From this, it could be seen that this city leader should be among the top 3 pinnacle beings of the entire humanity. He guarded primal chaos city for countless eras, making countless other races not dare to enter.

An absolute pinnacle being.

“Even though the other knights will take you as their disciple and the city leader is only taking you in name, however even in name…if you perform exceptionally in the future, you will rise to become his disciple.” True Yan smiled. “With him as your teacher, no one in humanity will dare mess with you. Incidents like Yan Zhu emperor messing with you will never happen again. Of course…the warriors of the other races will not care about him.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The other races…

Right.

Humanity was but one race, the other races and its warriors, and their great beings akin to the Huge Axe Dojo’s founder, they existed. Even the Yan Shen race was left behind by a great being. The demon note inheritance, the ice mountain inheritance…they were probably left by other races too.

The universe was vast with many powerful beings, it was indeed important to always be humble.

“I’ve decided, “Luo Feng nodded, “I will take the primal chaos city leader as my teacher.”

“Haha.” True Yan nodded satisfied. “However, go see 9 blade knight first and tell him of your decision. He is afterall the knight in charge of you. Once he knows you are taking the primal chaos city leader as your teacher, he wouldn’t dare say anything either. He is afterall one of the top people in the Virtual Universe Company.”

“Top person in the Virtual Universe Company?” Luo Feng couldn’t take it anymore. He really wanted to see this being personally, who was a true pinnacle being.

Compared to the Huge Axe Dojo founder, he couldn’t be too far off. Otherwise, how could he guard over the sacred land of humanity and stop all other races from invasion?

…

Luo Feng couldn’t wait anymore, he quickly first connected to the virtual universe and headed to 9 blade knight’s special space, respectfully visiting him.

9 blade knight was a lot more courteous to Luo Feng this time. Of course…once he knew the city leader was taking him as a disciple in name, 9 blade knight was helpless to stop it.

He was after all…the primal chaos city leader!

Even as a disciple in name, Luo Feng’s position was still much higher than any other knights’ disciples!

“Haha, you seem impatient.” 9 blade knight said in the throne above. He gazed down and smiled, “Since the city leader has given the order, then hurry and head over. Remember, there should never be any disrespect before him. His has been the guardian of humanity’s sacred land for countless ages, his contribution to humanity is immeasurable.”

“Yes, knight.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

After which he vanished.

At the same time…

Luo Feng walked out of his teacher True Yan’s residence and followed the vast walkways to the city leader’s residence, from afar, he could already see the majestic palace.

“Primal chaos city leader.” Luo Feng muttered to himself softly.


Chapter 737: Primal Chaos City Leader

The main entrance of the city leader’s residence was left open with people frequently heading in and out.

Luo Feng followed his usual path in. In the past, he had always been heading towards the 9 universe tablet, this time however, he was heading to visit the city leader.

“The city leader’s inner mansion!” Luo Feng took a deep breath and walked towards the highly guarded area.

The outer areas were all lax and free.

The inner areas however had guards all over. With just a glance, one could see that all of them were undyings.

“Clang!” Two guards simultaneously banged their pikes and stopped Luo Feng, looking coldly at him.

“I am Luo Feng, I’m here to visit the city leader.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“The city leader isn’t a person you can visit as you will.” One of the guards engulfed in lightning looked coldly at him. “Without his order, even a knight won’t be able to see him.” For him to actually become a guard of the primal chaos city leader, it was something very honorable. This was the primal chaos city leader, the no.1 being in the Virtual Universe Company, a true authority.

The undyings would all fight simply to guard the place, even though they were just guards, their authority allowed them to disregard even knights.

As they represented the primal chaos city leader.

“Please check.” Luo Feng smiled, “I did indeed receive his order to come here.”

“Ah?”

The surrounding group of undyings all looked at Luo Feng.

Right.

Without the city leader’s order, why would this little punk dare come here in the first place.

“Please wait, I’ll go check.” The guard covered in lightning no longer had a cold expression, he smiled passionately.

“You are Luo Feng?” After awhile, the guard looked shocked at him.

Luo Feng nodded and smiled.

“Go in, Gui Yi knight is waiting for you within.” The guard said and withdrew his blockade, allowing Luo Feng to enter.

Luo Feng smiled and entered the mansion, as the group of undying guards about all began to discuss amongst themselves. It was extremely rare, even within the past hundred million years, for a domain lord or sector lord to be able to enter the city leader’s residence, this was his living quarters.

Within.

He followed the spacious walkways and quickly reached a primal stone plaza. He glanced into the distance, spotting a fiery red robed bald man. He was smiling indifferently, he seemed calm. Just from looking at this man…Luo Feng couldn’t help but calm down, feeling as though he had melded into the spacious and calm space.

Everything about him seemed to vanish, leaving only that bald man.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was stunned as he awoke.

“What a terrifying being, Tian Shi palace, Undying knight, Shi Huo knight, 9 blade knight…I feel like these knights are all incredibly powerful. And even though the emperor level undyings are strong, I can still faintly determine their strength. As for this man before me… I cannot tell at all, he should be a knight.” Luo Feng instantly confirmed. “He should be the Gui Yi knight the knights mentioned.”

Luo Feng walked towards the red robed bald man.

“I am Gui Yi knight, I’m here to receive you on my teacher’s orders.” He smiled. The energy he emitted had an immediate influence on Luo Feng’s soul.

“Luo Feng greets Gui Yi knight.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

“Follow me.” Gui Yi knight said.

“Yes.” Luo Feng said respectfully and followed.

The knight led Luo Feng through the mansion, smiling as he turned towards him, “Teacher is willing to take you as his disciple in name, and from what I see, it seems that you’ve agreed?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Hm, since you’ve become his disciple in name, you don’t have to call me Gui Yi knight anymore. Just call me 2nd senior instead.” Gui Yi knight smiled. “I went under him very early, hence I became the 2nd senior. He has other disciples under him with many of them stronger than even me. However he favors me, hence I get to stay close to him.”

Luo Feng said, “Greetings 2nd senior.”

“Hm.” Gui Yi knight smiled and talked as they walked. “Teacher has 3 great bodies, the one in primal chaos city is here to kill and punish. Hence, you have to be extremely respectful, you cannot offend him.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng was shocked as he replied.

My god.

That primal chaos city leader actually has 3 bodies, and the one left in the city was for killing and punishment? Just one body of his was enough to guard the entire primal chaos city? If that was so, the strength he had in total was unimaginable.

Actually, the city leader having 3 bodies was not a secret at all. The strong were still the strong, hence he was respected. He had massacred…and killed countless other warriors from other races. His 3 bodies are well known throughout the trillions of races in the universe, every one of them having unbelievable power.

“Primal chaos ruins?” Luo Feng looked into a quiet yard ahead. There was a stone tablet there with three words on it.

“Teacher is within.” Gui Yi knight said and brought Luo Feng in.

Luo Feng stepped through.

Rumble…

Time and space warped. Initially, they were in the city leader’s residence, however the moment he took a step into the yard, he felt the stars and everything warp, he had entered into a boundless world.

Endless ground before them, with bodies all about. Some were as big as planets, some smaller than humans, however they all emanated terrifying energies. This…was probably the ruins of a terrifying pinnacle battle.

Luo feng and Gui Yi knight walked through the endless ruins.

“Teacher.” Gui Yi knight suddenly shouted.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was shocked to discover a 3 meter tall and sturdy man in the distance. He wore an incredibly complex ancient dark red armor with boots on, and a snake tail extending out of his armor behind.

As Luo Feng’s gaze landed on him, he felt his soul shudder within. He had only spotted a silhouette initially, yet now he was looking at endless universe laws…the vast universe laws, and the killing intent emanating from him. It made Luo Feng’s soul completely submit.

No sense of resistance.

“Luo Feng?” A very normal voice resounded. The illusion before was completely shattered as Luo Feng once again saw the man standing before them.

This red armored man with a snake tail turned to look at him, there were two red horns on his forehead with peculiar engravings on them. It seemed evil and terrifying, however his eyes were calm like the vast ocean, like the endless space, it made one calm down from within.

“Luo Feng greets Lord city leader.” Luo Feng knelt down.

“Terrifying, too terrifying.” Luo Feng shuddered within. “That 1st glance, I thought I was staring at the universe laws themselves. Right, this is the level of which one becomes the laws! Xi Luo Duo had said so too…the beast god is fused with the laws, every action triggers them. Even the statue of it has the laws within! And the primal chaos city leader, since he’s reached this level, naturally he carries the laws within. Just looking at him, it was like looking at the powerful amount of law energies he has.”

This was an extreme realm.

One that definitely exceeded the knights, a true pinnacle being of the vast universe.

“Your performance was not bad, your encounters are quite plenty too.” He looked at Luo Feng and smiled.

Luo Feng listened respectfully.

Within however, he was panicking, because he felt like the gaze of the city leader could see through him completely. It was almost like there was no secret he could keep from him, “My mosha body is keeping the core with him and he’s hiding in the world ring. I’ve already refined that ring…I’ll know if anybody scans it. And if anybody scans my core, I should know that too. Hm, however this city leader’s power is unbelievable, it’s hard to say. He is afterall the city leader, he wouldn’t bother to scan my world ring.”

“I’ve seen the footage of your heavenly bridge attempt, you are almost done with the 108 wonders of the space.” The city leader smiled. “And it’s been less than 90 years this time in primal chaos city. To almost finish the 108 wonders within this time frame is not bad.”

Luo Feng listened obediently.

“You passing the 13th level, it should be from the beast god presence you got from the gold horn race’s beast god canyon right.” The city leader said.

“Yes.” Luo Feng said.

Within however he shuddered.

Terrifying, even though the city leader’s guess was somewhat off, it wasn’t completely wrong. As Luo Feng had copied the huge sleeping beast god statue trillions of times in the beast god canyon, that was how he got some bit of the presence. The little beast god statue he got couldn’t be copied at all. The moment he copied a little too much of it, the universe would punish him, only the statue Xi Luo Duo left behind was possible.

“To be able to comprehend a bit of the presence is not bad already.” The city leader said, “Are you willing to be my disciple in name.”

“I’m willing.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

The city leader nodded his head.

He, one that stood at the pinnacle of humanity, even though a genius was important, he was very clear that some people may have slow comprehension speeds. Regardless, after constantly break through their boundaries, they too could become knights. Hence unless it was an absolute genius of 10 million eras, he wouldn’t care.

Even such a genius, he would still observe for awhile before actually accepting him as a true disciple.

“I know True Yan exchanged the top half of the Nan Shen 7 forms for you.” The city leader said. “And since you can actually comprehend a little of the beast god presence, it shows that you have a talent in the fusion of the laws. However…fusion of the laws, is tens of thousands of times harder than simply comprehending one law.”

“I’ll give you time, 3,000 years.” The city leader said.

“If you can finish the 1st form of the Nan Shen 7 forms in 3,000 years here in primal chaos city, I will accept you as my disciple.” The city leader said to Luo Feng.


Chapter 738: Completion

“Finish the 1st form of the Nan Shen 7 forms within 3,000 years?” Gui Yi knight who stood beside was shocked within. The Nan Shen 7 forms or Beast god 7 techniques were well known as an extremely valuable manual amongst the pinnacle race humanity’s upper echelon. There were two reasons for its reputation. One of them was because the gold horn race’s Xi Luo Duo was well known amongst the trillions of races in the universe back then. The second reason was also because of the universe producing such a powerful creature, the Beast god. And because of it, humans back then had sacrificed quite a lot.

The strong were forged.

Xi Luo Duo and the Beast god were like that! And the Nan Shen 7 forms that Xi Luo Duo created was created with the Beast god in mind, naturally this was respected by humanity itself.

When the gold horn race became subservient to humanity, the strongest manual they had was this Nan Shen 7 forms. Naturally, it became humanity’s and since then, as they respected Xi Luo Duo and the Beast god, there were many that exchanged for this manual and trained in it.

This training…

Made them discover that the Nan Shen 7 forms were incredibly difficult, it was tens of thousands of times harder than simply training in the space law alone. Especially the 1st level, even some knights have yet to pass this 1st level. Completing this 1st level proved that one had talent in the fusion of the gold and space laws.

“I remember back then, Lian Luo took 3,000 years to completely comprehend the 108 wonders of space laws.” Gui Yi knight was shocked within. “And teacher is only giving Luo Feng 3,000 years to comprehend the Nan Shen 7 forms 1st form, that’s tough.”

“3,000 years?” Luo Feng was nervous within.

Xi Luo duo had mentioned in the 1st volume that this was just the beginning, it was best to completely comprehend the 108 wonders first before trying this out, and the time spent on this would be hundreds to thousands of times longer than the time spent on the 108 wonders!

These were some words left behind by Xi Luo Duo in the manual, casual hundreds to thousands of times.

“I spent over 100 years comprehending the 108 wonders, then wouldn’t the time I need be 10,000 to 100,000 years?” Luo Feng thought. “However, I have the little Beast god statue. Since I’m able to study it and imitate the way it fuses the laws…my efficiency will be much higher. If I work hard, I’ll definitely be able to finish the Scale section within 3000 years.”

…

“I will definitely do my best.” Luo Feng stood before this body of the city leader, not daring to show any disrespect.

He nodded.

After which walked into the distance, Gui Yi knight and Luo Feng followed.

“Your 9th senior is here.” He said.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng turned around and suddenly amidst a tornado, a 9m tall huge man with 6 arms and 6 eyes walked over. Behind him was a huge gold axe almost as tall as him, it had incomparably complex engravings on it, and powerful energy emanated from it, causing the space around it to tear apart.

He took huge strides over, stepping through some bodies, the space about shook.

“Teacher.” The huge man said respectfully as he got closer.

“This is your 9th senior Huge Axe knight.” The city leader explained behind Luo Feng.

“9th senior.” Luo Feng bowed.

“Your 9th senior Huge Axe knight has trained in the Nan Shen 7 forms before.” The city leader revealed a smile. “From today on, within these 3,000 years, I allow you to go visit him for guidance once every decade, whatever questions you have, you can ask him.”

Luo Feng was happy.

Even though it was said that no one had comprehended the secret of the sleeping Beast god statue in the gold horn race’s beast god canyon, Luo feng had long guessed that there would be some warriors that had seen through it, but had not publicly announced anything. The strong were numerous as the clouds, they even had this manual, there would definitely be many that have tried it.

“Yes.” Luo Feng said respectfully, after which he turned to the Huge Axe knight and said respectfully, “I’ll be troubling you for the next 3,000 years 9th senior.”

“No trouble at all.” He laughed and said.

What a joke, the city leader ordered it, would he dare go against it?

“This Nan Shen 7 forms is too hard. Even though I’ve trained in it before, I can only roughly guide you.” Huge axe knight explained. Even though he had tried training it before, he had only reached the 4th level. His body itself however was very strong, after a trillion years of practicing, he realized the gains didn’t make up for the losses.

Right now he had completely given up on it, and was focusing on studying time itself.

He was already accomplished in space. Hence, he was waiting for the moment he reached the same level in time as well.

Time and space as one, he would naturally become a universe master!

Training time and space, this was the great path common amongst the universe’s trillion races, 99.9% of knights all walked this path.

…

After the city leader ordered Huge axe knight, he turned to Luo feng, “The way our Virtual Universe Company nurtures its geniuses, is that the higher the talent, the more resources he would receive. Of course, you’ll only get these when you reach sector lord level. Since you are under me now, I will naturally give you some resources too.”

“Thank you teacher.” Luo Feng was glad within.

“I’ll give you an extra 20 times to study the 9 universe tablet.” The city leader said. “I believe it’s what you need the most now, go on, let’s hope you’ll finish the 1st form within 3,000 years.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng could barely suppress his joy, bowing respectfully. Gui Yi knight and Huge axe knight bowed too.

Hua!

The three of them simultaneously vanished and appeared within the Primal chaos ruins yard.

“Space warp?” Luo Feng realized as he stood in the yard, shocked.

“Luo Feng junior, work hard.” Gui Yi knight said as he smiled, after which he vanished too.

“I’ll visit you in the virtual universe Yu xiang mountain in 10 years.” Huge Axe knight’s voice rumbled, after which he vanished too.

“3,000 years?” Luo Feng thought, his eyes gleaming with joy, “And another 20 times to study the tablet, it’s wonderful.”

20 chances to study the 9 universe tablet. Although it seemed normal, in truth, it’s worth was priceless.

That was because even with points, it was impossible to exchange for these chances!

Everytime one passed a level in the heavenly bridge, he would get one chance. After passing the 21st level, one would already be a knight. One would only get about 21 times. Every chance itself was extremely valuable…The main reason Luo Feng came to primal chaos city was mostly also to study this 9 universe tablet.

Out of nowhere, he suddenly got 20 more chances! It was even better than the many manuals he had, surprising him more than acquiring any treasure.

…

After exiting the residence, he headed straight to study the tablet. He currently had a total of 26 times (he had 6 times left from the heavenly bridge and the city leader gave him another 20), using each time wisely would allow his improvement speed to grow extremely fast.

Time passed.

The news of Luo Feng becoming a disciple in name to the city leader was well known amongst the knights. And the Ganwu universe country leader too made a rare order to look after his family well. With that, the many undying families naturally were incredibly passionate to his family.

The Luo family power immediately soared even more, akin to a powerful undying family within the Ganwu universe country.

…

Luo Feng didn’t care much about this, he was clear this was the most important period of rising for him. The stronger he got and the higher he climbed, then his family would get even stronger…the moment he fell however, his family too would fall rapidly.

…

10 years later.

“Yes 9th senior.”

“Understood.”

“Ah.”

“Hm.”

Within his training grounds in the virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain primal region, Huge axe knight was guiding him, answering the questions he had bottled up for 10 years.

And as one of the early disciples of the city leader, with countless years of guidance from the city leader himself, his strength was no weaker than Shi Huo knight. He was maybe even stronger. His guidance…was naturally solid, easily explaining and making Luo feng smile with delight.

After 3 whole days of guidance.

Huge Axe knight left.

…

Luo Feng continued to sit crossed legged on the balcony, occasionally looking up to the skies, and other times immersed in his thoughts. The golden horned beast and the mosha clan too were training hard.

In a flash, it had been 12 years since he left the city leader’s residence after becoming a disciple in name.

“Haha…”

Luo Feng, who sat crossed legged on his balcony suddenly opened his eyes and stood up, he couldn’t help but smile excitedly.

“I’ve finally done it!”

“I’ve completely comprehended the 108 wonders of space!”

“Lian Luo took 3,000 years!”

“I did it in a little over 100 years.” Luo Feng laughed loudly, filled with glee. “I trained with a sector lord body, he did the same. Yet I’m close to 30 times faster than he was. Looks like my speed has exceeded his.”

With the separate bodies, Luo feng’s speed and talent did exceed Lian Luo’s.

However it wasn’t as absurd as 30 times more. The main thing was he had the little Beast god statue. To be able to study and feel its presence, it naturally was a huge benefit to his training in the space laws.

“No wonder Lian Luo had said that with the comprehension of these 108 wonders, the 4th and 5th and even the 6th picture would be easier.” Luo Feng smiled. “Haha, even though the 4th to the 6th are incredibly complex, in truth, they are a formation of these 108 wonders.”

The 108 wonders were like the ingredients.

And all delicacies relied on the most basic ingredients, comprehending the foundation before training the 4th-6th pictures… it was completely unlike the normal warriors with their basic level comprehension.

“The 4th – 6th pictures, I’ll at most take a little time with them, they won’t be a barrier at all.” Luo Feng said confidently.

“Hm.”

“However, I’m in no rush to study the 4th picture now…I have to first study the Nan Shen 7 forms…I have to grasp the time.” Luo Feng couldn’t care less about anything else. He closed his eyes, and in his mind, countless words and training methods etc floated within, this was the Nan Shen 36 forms he had acquired back in the Gold horn race sacred land’s Manual tower.

As he read through the Nan Shen 7 forms, he discovered….

The Nan Shen 36 forms was the basic beginners manual to the Nan Shen 7 forms. This was actually said in its detailed introduction back in the Manual tower, that this was Xi Luo Duo’s basic manual!


Chapter 739: Domain Lord Qualification Battles

Before, Luo Feng had simply relied on the golden horned beast to grasp the Beast god presence, not trying to comprehend the laws within, but simply imitated it!

At this time, he had truly begun to study the fusion of the laws. Just like how some people were naturally gifted in piano on earth, and some more in the sciences, even though they could achieve anything with effort, the talent was a good stepping stone. And in the difficult path of fusing the laws, one that even many knights weren’t able to begin with, and Luo feng had just stepped in…

Was it fast?

Or slow?

It was hard to say before the training began.

Virtual universe, Luo Feng’s training grounds.

In the spacious sky above the mountains, Luo feng stood on the Luo Fu Liu board with over 800,000 little blades surrounding him, a blur of blades covered the sky. He used his spirit energy to trigger the blades and through the universe laws, began to unleash his Illusionary blade, Sky piercing blade, Blade domain, Heavenly pillar, Space slicer, Blade world…

Even though these were ordinary blades, with no law engravings on them.

He could still use his moves.

The main advantage of the spirit weapons were that they had fixed law engravings on them. Through some combination work, the moves could be used to trigger them. Simply triggering the law engravings allowed one to use them. But, without the spirit weapons, for Luo Feng to control the blur of blades, and triggering the laws by himself was too tedious.

Using the same move without a spirit weapon, the amount of energy needed alone would be tens to hundreds of times different!

“Space slicing gold blade!”

Countless blades danced in mid air, triggered by the universe laws, they eventually formed one body together. A huge blade with golden energy flow was formed.

Luo Feng’s face was flushed red, he stared hard at the huge blade formed by countless little ones.

“If I used the Nan Shen Armament, I can easily unleash this move, and the power will be much stronger.” Luo Feng thought. “However, using hundreds of thousands of normal little blades, and triggering the laws for each one of them to eventually connect them with the laws themselves is very tedious. I can barely form this huge blade.”

One had to know that Luo Feng had already comprehended the 108 wonders of space, and his space law comprehension had already reached the 12th level of the heavenly bridge. The moment he combined that with his 3,200 spirit energy amplitude…he could already unleash the Nan Shen Armament’s 9th level, A match against undying.

With the Nan Shen Armament, he could use the 9th level.

Without it, using countless normal blades, even the 8th level was tedious.

…

Through training in the Nan Shen 36 forms, he had naturally learnt how to control ordinary blades with the laws, triggering the laws to control them was a skill used in creating techniques. Spreading one’s attacking technique into hundreds of thousands of little blades, and arranging each and every one of them.

Finally reaching a level of satisfaction.

After which, combining them with the laws themselves, and engraving the required laws within, that way, one didn’t need to work so hard when unleashing his move, he just simply needed to trigger them.

Of course.

Luo Feng hadn’t reached the level of creating techniques. Training this Nan Shen 36 forms had great benefits for him…it worked well with the Nan Shen 7 forms’ 1st level.

“So it’s that way.”

“Beast god presence, the wonder within is like that.”

Luo Feng occasionally had smiles and frowns as he sat on his balcony.

When he first began fusing the laws, he discovered that the little Beast god presence that he had grasped had benefits. This was almost like some car mechanics, even though they didn’t know the principles behind the engines, they could still fix them. And when they began to actually study it, it would resonate with their fixing experience, their comprehension would thus speed up.

Luo Feng was that way as well.

He knew how to do it in the past, but he didn’t understand it too well.

Now that he began to study it, they worked together and he would be extremely excited whenever it happened.

“So it’s that way.”

“Haha.”

…

During the 6th year after he began the Nan Shen 7 forms.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng sat beside his teacher.

“How’s the study of the Nan Shen 7 forms, do you have confidence in completing the 1st level within 3,000 years?” True Yan looked at Luo Feng, he knew about his deal with the city leader.

“I’m doing well for now.”

Luo Feng smiled, “My first 6 years into it have been smooth, however this Beast god path is extremely profound. Just the 1st Scale portion alone is incredibly complex. According to Xi Luo Duo, it has many barriers within, I don’t know whether I’ll be able to easily break through them.”

“Hm.” True Yan nodded.

This was a true high level manual, the moment one finished the 6 levels, he would stand at the pinnacle of humanity. Just like the Huge Axe Dojo founder, primal chaos city leader, void gold master and other few rare existences, he may still be weaker than them but it was still enough to dominate over trillions of races in the universe. Hence, every level was incredibly difficult.

“Smooth sailing at the start, that’s good, it means you fit this path well.” True Yan nodded satisfied. There was no way for him to know that the golden horned beast had been imitating the sleeping statue for a long time, studying the little Beast god statue and its special presence which was also infused with the fusion laws, and practicing it with its sky tearing claw over and over.

Amongst Luo Feng’s 3 bodies, the earth body and the Mosha body’s training in the beast god path was far from the speed of the golden horned beast.

The golden horned beast, the sleeping Beast god statue, the little beast god statue, along with the Nan Shen 7 forms and Nan Shen 36 techniques, these were the ideal combination.

“Hm, a few more days and it’ll be the domain lord millennial qualification battles.” True Yan laughed, “You must remember to take part.”

“I remember.” Luo Feng laughed.

Domain lord qualification battles?

The strongest of the 10 seniors had only just passed the 11th level, even if he didn’t use the Beast god presence, just using his space laws and 3,200 spirit energy amplitude, he could already easily pass the 13th level.

“Fighting them is simply bullying them, they are no challenge at all.” Luo Feng muttered to himself.

Even though it was obviously bullying, the date of the qualification battles still came.

Virtual universe Yu xiang mountain, primal region.

“The primal region domain lord battles are about to begin, all gather.” A thick voice resounded within the entire primal region. All 11 members looked up in the sky, gazing at the silhouette in the air, after which they all rushed up into the skies.

Shua!

11 of them gathered in mid air, looking at the purple clothed man.

He was the organizer of the battles sent by the Virtual Universe Company, and also a powerful undying.

“Luo Feng?”

“That’s Luo Feng?”

“Tuo Ka, that’s Luo Feng, his training speed is absurd.” The 10 seniors all seemed to gaze at him. Of the 10, only Tuo Ka was currently in Primal chaos city, the other 9 were elsewhere…and as Luo Feng hardly attended classes in the virtual universe.

He mostly attended them personally in primal chaos city, hence the other 9 weren’t familiar with him.

“Interesting.” Luo Feng could feel their gaze on him. He smiled, “Forget it, it’s no fun if I bully them too much. I’ll show them some respect when we fighter later. I’ll settle them quickly but not too badly.”

It was indeed bullying.

Passing the 13th level compared to the 11th…the difference was too huge. It was purely elimination.

Before Luo feng had consecutively passed the 6 levels, the 10 seniors all thought Luo Feng had some capability, but at least they were still stronger than him…some couldn’t wait to fight him. However, now that he had passed the 13th level, the group of seniors were all stunned.

Dumbfounded.

Tuo Ka who was in primal chaos city howled within, “I’ve trained for 30,000 years, but he’s only trained for a few hundred years. How is he so much stronger than me, this is too, unfair.”

“Is this another Ke Di?”

“To be in the same generation as a monster, what a tragedy.”

The 10 of them couldn’t even face him.

Some looked on at him like he was an absolute genius monster. They were very clear about the fact that Luo Feng wasn’t on the same level as them at all.

…

The purple clothed man looked at the 11 before him, his gaze landing on Luo Feng. He couldn’t help but carefully analyze Luo Feng. He had heard Luo Feng had become the primal chaos city leader’s disciple in name, he was filled with envy. His level of undying didn’t even have the chance to meet the city leader, he was totally envious.

“Same rules as before.” His gaze swept past the 11, expression serious, “Once every millennium, the domain lord qualification battles occur. There are a total of 11 of you this time, everyone will fight against the other 10. In these matches, the victor will get 1 point, the loser will get 0, the final score will rank you all. The top 6 will continue to stay in the primal region…the remaining 5 will compete against the top 5 of the Absolute beginning region domain lords, fighting for the final 4 slots. I’m sure you all understand.”

“Understood.”

The 11 of them nodded.

Luo Feng was very relaxed. The 10 of them however all felt the pressure. No matter what, Luo Feng had already taken one slot.

The top 5 of the absolute beginning region, the geniuses of over 100 in that region, wouldn’t be too far behind. The moment they had to compete against them, it would extremely intense.

“The battles will all be held in special areas. The virtual universe system will automatically send you in pairs to them, everyone will fight with everyone else, unless your opponent forfeits. Those not in battles can watch the live broadcasts of other battles.” He smiled, “Prepare yourselves, and await for the teleportation.”

11 members nodded, their gazes changing to that of competition.

Competition!

From the day they stepped into the Virtual Universe Company, this had always been the case.

Luo feng stood calmly in mid air, as he didn’t care about the 10 seniors. He wasn’t competing against them, not even the geniuses of his generation. But the great beings of humanity in history, or the absolute geniuses of the other races in the universe.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

10 of the 11 were immediately teleported, leaving only Luo Feng behind.

“The 5 matches that just begun, i’m the only one not taking part.” Luo Feng shook his head and laughed.

“Don’t be anxious, everyone will fight eventually.” The purple clothed man smiled at Luo Feng. “And this is simply just a passing to you, there’s no challenge at all.”

Luo Feng laughed.


Chapter 740: Star Eating Plant

The domain lord level qualification battles just passed like that. The absolute pinnacle beings of humanity along with the other geniuses weren’t even surprised at Luo Feng getting 1st place. They were all very clear that with his training speed, he was bound to become one of the absolute beings of the universe!

Now everybody was just waiting to see…if he was capable of completing the 1st form of the Nan Shen 7 forms in 3,000 years, and whether he’d become a true disciple of the city leader.

…

Within primal chaos city.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” 3 silver armored sector lords walked up to where Luo Feng stayed, they looked up at his balcony where he sat crossed legged.

“Hm?”

On the balcony, Luo Feng opened his eyes to look down, a smile appearing on his face.

Sou!

He jumped down immediately.

“Is it what I ordered?” Luo Feng looked at the 3 sector lords before him.

“Yes.” The leader of the 3 silver armored sector lords nodded, he respectfully passed over a world ring. “The items and things your majesty ordered are all within this world ring.”

Luo Feng received it and used his spirit energy to scan the world ring. The world within this ring was small, with a diameter of only 10,000 km. However, it was completely filled with large amounts of things. The goods took up over 1,000 km in space, of which the most obvious were the 3 silver boxes within.

“Very good.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded, “Thanks for the trouble.”

“No problem, no problem.”

The 3 sector lords were somewhat taken aback, saying, “We shall not disturb you further, we’ll be leaving.”

The 3 swiftly left.

Following the spacious walkways, they walked along, discussing, “He’s said to be a rare absolute genius of 10 million eras. But, I didn’t expect him to be so humble and easy to get along with. When we went to deliver goods to the primal region sector lord before, hmph, he was acting all big and arrogant.”

“This is called bearing!”

“Hm.”

“I heard his majesty Luo Feng has been accepted as a disciple of the primal chaos city leader.”

“I heard he’s only a disciple in name.”

“Rubbish, he is a true disciple.”

“Ah, there may be some miscommunication.”

The three of them discussed mentally. Even though they were all sector lords, as they were simply staff of the Virtual Universe Company core, they often heard secrets from their interactions. Most of what they heard had been passed down from many sources, hence they would at most get them 50% right.

Luo Feng held the world ring and immediately walked into his own training quarter’s living room.

Sitting in the sofa, he rubbed the world ring and it swiftly refined.

“Come out.” Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with anticipation, immediately taking out the 3 silver boxes from within the world.

The 3 silver boxes laid out on the dining table.

Every box was about 1m long, half a meter wide, and 30cm tall.

Luo Feng took a deep breath and swiftly opened all 3 of them. “Click! Click! Click!” There was a white plant within each box, they were carefully placed within, 60cm tall, their stolon silver white.

“Star eating plant!” Luo Feng smiled as he looked at the 3 plants, “They’ve finally come!”

Since 6 years ago, when he first began his training in the Nan Shen 7 form’s 1st form, he had studied on his rough power level after completing the 1st form. Hence, he got a clearer idea on what would happen in the future. His training in primal chaos city…was set to be a very long time, hence he had to use the time here wisely.

How?

He had a large amount of Luo Ke holy water, that was a top level treasure for nurturing plant life, hence he had decided to do so.

One had to know that there were many warriors training within primal chaos city, they would often purchase a few treasures, and the Virtual Universe Company’s ship would often frequent the place. Naturally they could order things.

Luo feng had ordered 3 infant Star eating plants.

…

Star eating plant: a very special plant life form that was born in the universe. It could be produced on a normal mineral planet. But as it grew, it would swallow the planet’s metals, minerals and rocks etc. Normal minerals on the planet were usually enough to let it evolve to universe level, and the mineral planet later collapse and the plant would begin to wander the galaxy with the large amounts of asteroids.

While wandering the universe, it may swallow other special metals and stones, plant life forms etc, evolving further.

…

The plant life forms could be divided into many types.

Like those for defense, or attack, or both, along with others. As there were many many types of plants…their abilities were also countless, even to the point where some plants could produce other living things, while others acted like trees and stayed rooted to the spot. Transplanting them had to be done carefully, not all of them could be moved about like the cloud contact vine.

In all, there were many types with countless abilities.

The most suited was best.

…

Star eating plant: It was named the most sturdy attacking type plant, what ‘most sturdy’ refers to is only within the plants humanity sells. There are other special and mysterious types of plants in the vast universe that cannot be bought. The star eating plant enjoys swallowing rocks, metal, trees etc, it will make it even sturdier.

Its attack method is very simple.

Just one move, entangle and kill!

The cloud contact vine and star eating plant were very different. The cloud contact vine was mainly for defense, and it’s attacking ability was but average.

The star eating plant however is even more expensive than the cloud contact vine. One without position or an avenue…wouldn’t even be able to buy an infant star eating plant! This was because it was the ‘most sturdy’ attacking type plant, hence it was an extremely good assisting life form, during a battle…

It’s countless vines could wrap about an opponent, as long as it affected the enemy’s speed and attack, the battle outcome could be changed!

The only ability of entangling and killing, had given it the title of most sturdy attacking plant life form, leading to it being in high demand.

3 infant star eating plants, they cost Luo feng close to 900,000 mixed elements.

Of course the infant stage was all the same, the nurturing later on would make them different.

Just like the cloud contact vine, the sector lord weakest had 36 vines, and the strongest with 360 vines. Back then the Yun Mo planet master Hu Yan Bo’s cloud contact vine at sector lord level only had 108 vines, yet it still took a whole lot of work for it to break through to undying. Luo Feng’s sector lord cloud contact vine had 216 vines, it was more than 10 times harder for his to breakthrough to undying.

The star eating plant, was more expensive than the cloud contact vine.

Of which at sector lord level, the weakest would have 10 vines, the strongest would have 1,000 vines.

“Star eating plant!” Luo Feng looked at the 3 infant plants, smiling.

The 3 star eating plants, plus the huge amount of material to nurture the plants had filled up the entire world ring. All of them added together had come up to close to 2 million mixed elements! Without enough wealth, how could one even begin to dwell on it?

“The cloud contact vine’s defense and the star eating plant’s attack.” Luo Feng thought, “The star eating plant’s sturdiness is well reputed, at infant stage it can already swallow a planet…”

“Luo Feng, don’t get happy too early.”

Babata’s voice resounded within his mind. “Your teacher’s cloud contact vine only had 108 vines, yet it still required 6.2 million mixed elements and luck for it to finally breakthrough. And it only gave that cloud contact vine an early official undying level of strength. Your cloud contact vine has a total of 216 vines, it’ll be 10 times harder than your teacher’s! If it’s the strongest 360 vines…it’ll probably be 10 times harder than the golden horned beast breaking through to undying! And similarly, the moment it broke through to undying, the 360 vines cloud contact vine would have emperor level strength.”

“The star eating plant is even more expensive than the cloud contact vine.”

“Nurturing the weakest 10 vine plant, to become undying would definitely be easy.”

“However, the 500 vines plant, would be akin to the strongest cloud contact vine.”

“And the legendary 1,000 vine star eating plant, breaking through to undying, would probably be even harder than a bug clan queen breaking through to undying…the difference would be minimal! Of course the moment it succeeds, an undying 1,000 vine star eating plant would definitely have an emperor pinnacle level of strength.”

…

After hearing Babata’s words, Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh.

Of course he knew this, the universe had trillions of life forms that were incredibly mysterious. However there was never a free meal! The universe was fair, just like the space beasts, the bug clan queen, breaking through to undying was incredibly difficult. And the plant life forms were the same, the more powerful they were…the more absurd the difficulty of their breakthrough.

If one nurtured a lower level plant life form, it would be easy to breakthrough to undying.

If one nurtured a stronger plant life form, it could never breakthrough to undying.

The choice was all on the person.

“Haha, hence I ordered 3 of them.” Luo Feng laughed. “3 star eating plants, I will make one with 100 vines, another with 300 and last one will be the best one with1000 vines.”

He had spent close to 2 million mixed elements. 3 of the infant plants close to 900,000, and over 1.1 million mixed elements in the resourcesthat were required to nurture them.

The main thing was that nurturing the 1,000 vines star eating plant took up over 90% of the resources.

“Luckily.”

“Luckily I have the Luo Ke holy water, otherwise producing a sector lord level 1,000 vine star eating plant, would be enough to make an official level undying go bankrupt.” Luo Feng thought. “I’m lucky, I only spent 2 million…when I reach sector lord level, the Virtual Universe Company will give me an extra 50 million mixed elements.”

Nurturing the star eating plants was very easy. They first had to recognize their master, then the process was simple after. Most of the time the 3 plants would be left in the pond of Luo Ke holy water. With Babata watching over them and observing their evolution process, giving them the required resources when they needed to evolve.

…

“Right now all 3 are in the infant stage. However, I’ll be here in primal chaos city for a very long time. When I complete the 1st form the of Nan Shen 7 forms, the 3 would probably have already reached sector lord pinnacle.” Luo feng smiled, he didn’t think anymore about it, immersing himself in his training of the Nan Shen 7 forms.

Time passed…

He spent long periods of time sitting crossed legged on his balcony, like the other warriors about.

1 year, 10 years, 100 years…time passed continuously…Luo Feng kept improving…


Chapter 741: 800 years

In the blink of an eye, it had already been 800 years since Luo Feng was accepted as a disciple in name to the primal chaos city leader. There were another two domain lord level qualification battles (Actual universe every millennium, equates to 300 years in primal chaos city). Without a doubt, Luo Feng still got number 1 each time, everything else had been normal.

Altogether, Luo Feng had been here for over 900 years (Actual universe over 3,000 years). During this time, Bolan had become a primal region domain lord and Rong Jun had become an absolute beginning domain lord.

Virtual universe, within an island in a special space, with palaces joining together, it was extremely beautiful, an absolute beautiful location.

“Master.”

“The master is back.”

Many beams of lights immediately flew through the island. Many absolutely beautiful ladies and others rushed into the virtual universe the moment they got news from their friends, and silhouettes filled the island.

“Greetings, master.”

Over one hundred million staff and ladies all knelt respectfully. “Hahaha…hahaha…” mad laughter resounded throughout the island. A demonically beautiful man stood before them, he, was Yan Zhu emperor!

“You, you, you…” Yan Zhu’s eyes burned with madness. He walked amongst the hundred million kneeling before him, and casually picked a few of them.

“Come with me.” He ordered.

“Yes.”

The over 1,000 men and women he had picked followed him, but their eyes were somewhat nervous. Ever since 3,000 years ago, their master Yan Zhu emperor wouldn’t even come into the virtual universe, coming in only once every century, and at most staying within for only a month.

Everytime he came, he would find all sorts of methods to vent! None of the staff dared to resist.

There were cries of pain and shock, howling and all sorts of noises from the palace.

After awhile.

He rubbed off the blood stains from his lips, and put on a long robe over his naked body as he walked barefoot. His body flashed as he quickly reached another hall and sat in the throne above.

“Lord.” Two men and a lady bowed respectfully within.

These three were all undying.

“Hu!” Yan Zhu let out a comfortable sigh of relief. Being cooped up in the 9th starfield jail hell was too terrifying, he was set to be locked up for 1,000 eras. Normally, there was no way to connect to the virtual universe network from inside, that entire area was banned by the system from connecting.

However, he was Yan Zhu emperor and his father was Shi Huo knight!

Shi Huo knight had gotten a chance for his son…he would be able to enter the virtual universe network every century for a month. He knew his son’s mental state too, if he were to be locked up in there for 1,000 eras without any connection, he would probably go crazy or lose his mind.

However, being able to enter the virtual universe every century to vent it out would help alleviate matters.

“I only get a chance every century, those other punks all have to battle it out to find ways to occasionally get a chance to connect, and they only get a short day.” Yan Zhu thought, “However, I get a fixed chance every 100 years and for a month, if they knew…they’d be truly jealous.”

It was only thrilling with comparison.

9th starfield jail hell, that was indeed a nightmare. Those who were all locked within were all that had committed grave sins, and all of them were extremely powerful.

“You three, report to me the news of the past century.” Yan Zhu sat in his throne, lifting his wine and sipping it.

“Yes lord.”

“The Huge Axe Dojo has arranged for another manager at Wu Long starfield, Qi Li emperor to substitute you, he just took on the position.” The black robed undying said respectfully.

“Scum.” Yan Zhu’s expression grew heavy.

“Shi Huo knight’s underling Bao Jin emperor has led a group of undyings heading to…” The undying continued with the reports. As all these were well prepared beforehand, Yan Zhu could easily and swiftly read through them himself. However, he enjoyed bossing them around from high above and listening to them report to him.

He enjoyed this feeling.

One report after another.

After awhile.

“With regards to True Yan’s disciple. True Yan has been in primal chaos city these past 100 years, without any movement, his disciple Blood thirst emperor has been hard to locate. As for his smallest disciple Luo Feng, he’s still training in primal chaos city, he’s on his balcony almost everyday.” The lady of the three undyings said below.

“Haha…”

“Training on the balcony like an idiot? He really thinks he can finish the 1st form of the Nan Shen 7 forms within 3,000 years? He must be dreaming.” Yan Zhu mocked. When he had heard that Luo Feng had become a disciple in name to the city leader, he was extremely furious, he felt unfairness within. He was punished because of Luo Feng to suffer in the jail hell for 1,000 eras, yet this Luo Feng actually became a disciple in name to the primal chaos city leader. These were completely two different levels of fate, how could he feel at ease with this?

After which, every time he entered the virtual universe every 100 years.

Almost every report he got of Luo Feng was of him training on his balcony.

“Keep dreaming.”

“Hmph.”

3 months after Yan Zhu got his report from his underlings, within virtual universe’s thunder island.

Thunder island, it was the gathering point of the undyings of the Virtual Universe Company.

Within its highest quarters!

There was a majestic palace engulfed in primal chaos energy flow. This was the living quarters of the primal chaos city leader.

The palace was filled with primal chaos energies, one couldn’t visibly see past 100m.

“Teacher.” Huge axe knight bowed respectfully. He still carried his huge axe on his back, and he also had 6 arms and eyes.

“What’s the matter” A voice resounded from the depths of the primal energies.

Huge axe knight had left primal chaos city long ago. Hence he had been teaching Luo Feng from the virtual universe all this while. Naturally, he reported to the city leader in the virtual universe as well.

“You let me give guidance to Luo Feng. In regards to him, I have some matters to report.” Huge Axe knight said respectfully.

“Speak.” The voice resounded.

“I’ve been teaching him every 10 years, yet I discovered…this Luo Feng is quite strange.” He said.

“Strange? Explain.”

Huge axe knight spoke at the endless primal chaos energies, respectfully, “Yes! When I was teaching him, I discovered his improvement speed is simply terrifying. Although many problems would slightly obstruct him, he’d swiftly breakthrough them every time. There was nothing that actually held him past 3 months, and currently…he’s already close to completing the 1st level of the Nan Shen 7 forms.”

“Close to completion?” A blur silhouette walked out from the primal chaos energies.

“Yes.” Huge axe knight said respectfully.

The city leader stood before Huge axe knight. This was a strong looking gold armored powerful looking man, completely different from the one back in primal chaos city.

He looked at Huge axe knight: “How long do you think he will take to complete it?”

“If he’s fast, in half a year, if he’s slow, maybe 3 years.” He replied.

“Looks like I did underestimate him when I gave him 3,000 years.” The city leader smiled. With that smile, it felt like the entire space about had livened up, “Looks like you’ll be getting one more junior.”

Huge Axe knight smiled too, “Luo Feng’s talent in the beast god path is indeed shocking. Even though that Nan Shen 7 forms is a top class training manual, there are no tablets to refer to or anything, it can at most be studied. And for junior Luo Feng to breakthrough so easily, it’s very impressive indeed. His future is boundless.”

The city leader smiled and nodded.

“800 years?”

“3,000 years?” His eyes gleamed satisfied.

Even though Luo Feng’s gold and space law improvement speed was heavenly, to the primal chaos city leader, it was but average.

And in the beast god path however, it had made him very satisfied.

Three months after Huge Axe knight’s conversation with the city leader, on a balcony in primal chaos city.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged, suddenly illusionary scales appeared on the surface of his body. In an instant, there was a faint cloak of a single horned lizard all over his body, this was the beast god illusion.

Rumble.

He suddenly opened his eyes and two beams shot out, it was a terrifying power.

The Nan Shen 7 forms, also called the Beast god 7 techniques, it was a way of training to materialize the beast god itself. When one had finished the 7th level, he would be able to transform into a beast god (This 7th level was purely imagination, it had yet to be completed). And Luo Feng already had a sense of its energy now.

Powerful!

Intrepid!

“The 1st level scales, completed.” Luo Feng opened his eyes and gazed at his body below. During these 800 years, he had occasionally been studying the veins of the scales too, hence he was surrounded by many scattered veins as well.

“The city leader gave me 3,000 years to complete it. But, I’ve already completed it in 800 years.” Luo Feng was gleeful.

“It’s all thanks to the beast god presence, the beast god statue.” Luo Feng was happy.

While he was training, he discovered that the beast god presence he had grasped from his trillions of times imitating the statue had helped him a lot!

Training the Nan shen 7 forms was ultimately for usage, and since he could already do it…it resonated well and made the 1st scale portion much easier. What’s more, he could personally see the scales from the statue itself, almost like seeing a living beast god. Hence his improvement was so much faster.

After tasting the benefits of the beast god presence, he naturally imitated the sleeping beast god statue intensely. His comprehension of the fusion laws grew even more as he began to understand it, naturally, his grasp on the presence became easier.

From not knowing anything, he copied the statue trillions of times to get a grasp of it.

However after understanding the fusion laws, it only took tens of millions of times of imitation to reach the same result.

The beast god presence and the fusion laws were interlinked.

The more one understood the fusion laws, the higher the efficiency of control of the beast god presence.

The more one had a grasp of the beast god presence…the more he would be able to understand the fusion laws.

Luo feng had always maintained the beast god presence being above the fusion laws, both spurring each other, reaching optimum results. Just like that…it only took him 800 years to complete the 1st level.

Of course…

Within these 800 years, his benefits have been plenty too.

His internal world had grown to its limit, with a diameter of 90 million km. Golden horned beast and mosha bodies too had reached sector lord level 9!

“It’s time to go visit the city leader.” He thought.

Sou!

He jumped down from the balcony and landed in the walkways.


Chapter 742: True Disciple

Within the city leader’s mansion.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, the city leader has ordered earlier for you to enter when you arrive.” The group of undying guards within didn’t stop him.

Luo Feng smiled and walked in.

As they looked at his back, they began to discuss amongst themselves.

“Entering without a need for verification. Other than the very few individuals, they are all the city leader’s disciples. Has Luo Feng become a true disciple?”

“Very likely.”

“The city leader’s order didn’t come too long ago, he should have accepted Luo Feng as a disciple.”

…

Luo Feng stood in the yard facing the primal chaos ruins.

He stepped through.

Rumble!

Time and space warped and he appeared within a vast wasteland, trillions of other races corpses filled the land, there was a silhouette sitting crossed legged within.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng got up and carefully bowed respectfully, not stepping on any of the corpses.

The silhouette got up.

He turned to look at Luo Feng. Despite the malevolent face he had, his eyes were gentle and warm. He smiled and nodded, “Have you finished the 1st level?”

“I just finished the 1st Scale portion of it, hence I immediately came to report to you.” Luo Feng said.

“Your 9th senior said you’d be here quickest in half a year, slowest in 3 years. I didn’t expect you to come here after 3 months instead.” He nodded. “Demonstrate the 1st form for me.”

“Yes.”

Luo Feng said respectfully.

Actually over these 800 years of training, even though he had finished the 1st level Scale portion, in truth he had only gotten comprehension of the 1st form. As for its usage in techniques, he hadn’t actually learnt anything. The law comprehension was simply that, usage was just as important.

Luo Feng had thought of coming earlier to see the city leader, coming without any techniques at all.

“Luckily I usually let the golden horned beast train with it, and my human body trained in the virtual universe often mixing it with the 3,000 space claw technique. Finally, I managed to comprehend the most basic usage.” Luo Feng was happy within.

Rumble!

The genetic energy within him swirled as layers of scales appeared on the surface of his body, they even began to appear on his arms. Every scale’s engravings were exactly the same as the sleeping beast god statues, but the only difference was that it was smaller.

“Hm.” The city leader smiled.

At this time Luo Feng had become a human form beast, covered in scales with its intrepid energy engulfing the area. It could be said to be a simple beast god transformation, however his power level had shot up greatly.

“Sky tearing claw.” Luo Feng rushed forward fiercely.

He!

His right hand covered in scales clawed forwards, almost like the golden horned beast unleashing the technique.

Hua La…the space within the ruins shook violently, a blurry terrifying huge claw silhouette tore through space and dispersed after. After unleashing the move…the scales on his body immediately began to return to genetic energy and disappear within his body, regaining his original form.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“Your claw work is not bad.” The city leader nodded satisfied. “You’ve only gained comprehension of the 1st scale form. In terms of usage…you can use it in spirit weapons, blade work and so on for various usage such as for movement and defense. However these usage techniques have to be trained as well, your claw work however is not bad at all.”

Luo Feng was shocked within.

Could it be weak?

Sky tearing claw was his trump card, one that he had gotten from studying the beast god pictures and training for a very long time. Even though the golden horned beast had imitated the statue trillions of times, during that period, it had constantly used sky tearing claw to get a grasp of the beast god presence.

“From today, you will become my 32nd disciple.” The city leader emphasized.

“The student greets the teacher.”

Luo Feng knelt down.

The city leader looked at this young punk kneeling before him. Compared to his long life and power, this punk was indeed small and weak. Actually it was like a parent speaking to his child, normally they pamper the weakest of them the most. In truth, they care about all their children, however the youngest one is usually the one they naturally took care of the most.

One theory.

The total number of disciples the city leader had, including Luo Feng was only 32. There were only 27 surviving, of which 25 were knights and 1 was an emperor level pinnacle. The final one was Luo feng, who was the smallest and weakest.

Towards the smallest disciple, the city leader would naturally look after more.

And seeing Luo feng kneel before him today, he suddenly felt as though he was looking at a very lively punk Ke Di from before.

“Ke Di…” the city leader couldn’t help but feel hurt and rage as he thought of Ke Di, he too was a true disciple of his. Back then, the bug clan warriors had ambushed him and made him lose his disciple. Actually, once anyone reached the city leader’s level of power, killing his disciples was very hard.

Even if they were killed and their souls were destroyed.

The city leader could reverse time to the point before his disciple’s death, reviving him.

Of course, reversing time was extremely difficult and this went against all the universe laws themselves. Hence, as a consequence, there would be a backlash.

All in all, reversing time was an extremely hard thing to do.

And this move wasn’t invincible, it wasn’t such that all the dead could be revived. Like Ke Di, with the bug clan warriors planning everything out, the city leader still lost his disciple.

“Get up.” The city leader said softly.

Luo Feng obediently complied.

“Including you, of the 32 disciples I’ve had, 5 have already fallen.” The city leader said. “Among the surviving 26 seniors of yours, 25 are knights. Only one is an emperor level pinnacle. You are still weak, however I believe you’ll reach emperor pinnacle easily.”

Luo feng heard the words ‘still weak’, he couldn’t help but mutter to himself.

Weak?

He had been in primal chaos city for over 900 years, but over 3,000 years had passed in the actual universe. According to earth’s time, he was already over 3,000 years old! 3,000 years of growth, the population of earth humans had reached an incredibly level, they had filled the entire milky way galaxy, even reaching other galaxies.

The limit of the population was mainly territory and food etc.

Without these restrictions, a small tribe of 10 can easily reach over a hundred million in a 1,000 years!

Hence, with 3,000 years passing, the number of earth humans and people in the Luo family had exploded to an extreme level, and with Luo Feng in such a high position on earth, his family too had the same prestige. Many called him an ancient ancestor, calling him the sacred person of earth and so on.

However before the city leader, he was ‘still weak’, he knew that the city leader wasn’t wrong.

“Compared to the city leader or universe knights, those level of beings, anyone who hasn’t lived over a hundred million years would be considered small.” Luo Feng muttered.

“From today onwards, you can teleport directly to my palace on Thunder island.” The city leader said. “If you have any questions, you can ask me in the virtual universe thunder island. As for here, the primal chaos ruins, without my order, you don’t have to come here.”

“Yes teacher.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“Also…on the day you reach sector lord, and the day you decide to leave primal chaos city, come here.” The city leader said.

“Yes.” Luo Feng remembered.

The day he became sector lord and the day he left primal chaos city?

Come visit his city leader teacher?

“You can leave now.” He smiled indifferently. “Ah, your authority has been risen. You can search for a lot more information regarding what you want to know through the virtual universe network from now on.”

“The disciple takes his leave.” Luo Feng replied happily.

Shua!

The city leader immediately teleported Luo Feng out of the ruins.

Only the city leader was left in the wastelands. Looking at the vast ruins, the trillions of other race warriors’ bodies around, he sat down crossed legged again silently…

Luo Feng felt the time and space warp before him, he was instantly standing at the entrance of the primal chaos ruins yard.

“I still thought I’d get some reward after becoming a true disciple.” Luo Feng thought and laughed. “However, he told me to visit him when I become a sector lord and when I’m about to leave the city, there should be some special reason. If there wasn’t, we could simply meet in the virtual universe.”

“Authority risen?”

Luo Feng was happy within as he walked within the residence, quickly walking out of it and returning to his quiet balcony. He sat crossed legged and immediately sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe to check information regarding the primal Sky mountain.

With different levels of authority, the amount of information was naturally different.

Even though he was a primal region member before, he still couldn’t find much, he couldn’t even find anything about the Hong alliance.

And the status of a primal chaos city leader disciple was extremely high.

“The authority sure is different, I get much more detailed information now.” He sat crossed legged and smiled, “Primal region sky mountain…hehe, it sure is hard.”

“Universe level, primal region sky mountain, one had to have the capability of passing the 12th level of the heavenly bridge to pass.”

“Domain lord level, primal region sky mountain, one had to have the capability of passing the 16th level of the heavenly bridge to pass.”

“Sector lord level, primal region sky mountain, one had to have the capability of passing the 20th level of the heavenly bridge to pass.”

Luo feng looked at the information and couldn’t help but exclaim.

Tough.

The primal region sky mountain…was indeed the hardest of all. Using True Yan’s words, they had no intention of letting the geniuses pass it. Only absolute geniuses of 10 million eras, very few of them had passed them before. Of course geniuses of 10,000 eras didn’t have such ability.


Chapter 743: Sector Lord Resource Rewards

Virtual universe Yu Xiang Mountain primal region, Luo Feng sat at his desk and looked at his laptop.

The screen displayed detailed information on the primal region Sky mountain.

“It’s so tough.” Luo Feng muttered to himself.

The guardians of the primal region sky mountain were separated into the foot of the mountain, the middle and the peak. Every level had a bullfighter, an apeman spirit reader and a snake illusionist all working together. The foot of the mountain was the easiest, the middle was much harder and the peak was simply absurd! One had to pass all three of them to succeed.

It could be said that the intent of the sky mountain was never to allow anyone to pass it, hence they erected a tall untouchable standard for all.

However there were bound to be some monster like geniuses in humanity.

Like some one in ten million eras absolute geniuses that have passed it!

“Can I pass it now?” Luo Feng muttered to himself.

“According to the Nan shen 7 forms manual, once I complete the 1st scale form, I should have law comprehension akin to the 15th level of the heavenly bridge. So I should be able to hit the 16th level…the moment I use the beast god presence, my strength might rise even more.” Luo Feng thought.

This was in theory, a true battle that had many more factors.

Like mental state, self control etc, this was a group attack from a fighter, spirit reader and illusionist. As long as one was somewhat affected by the illusionist, he could easily be killed off by the others.

…

After looking through the data of the primal region sky mountain, Luo Feng began to search for information on the sector lord resource rewards.

“I had heard that the rewards for primal region sector lords would be shocking. All of the geniuses give it their all, for this specific reward.” Luo Feng smiled. “I didn’t know it’d be this shocking.”

Du!

Large amounts of data immediately appeared on the screen.

“Higher authority sure is different.” Luo Feng was satisfied. Before becoming a disciple of the primal chaos city leader, when he searched for this, it had been completely blank. Right now however, it displayed a large amount of information.

“Wow!” Babata shouted out in shock, “That’s absurd.”

“Yes it is.” Luo feng took a deep breath, pointing and tapping the screen, opening a file.

Sector lord: This is the most important training period. The way the Virtual Universe Company nurtures its geniuses, at universe level, they are simply doing some training and living within the secret regions. At domain lord level, they are given some missions and a guard team, it’s still overall very safe without any dangers. However, it takes trials and tribulations for true growth, an absolute warrior has to be molded by the many wars and battles.

Hence the primal region universe and domain lord levels don’t get much rewards.

The true rewards come at the primal region sector lord level.

They are as such…

After becoming a primal region sector lord and taking part in the 1st qualification battle, ranking 1st will give out 1 billion points reward. Ranking 2nd…10th will have a 3 hundred million points reward, ranking 11th…100th, will have a 1 hundred million point reward.

Of course…

These rewards are only there for the 1st participation, the 2nd, 3rd… 10th, even the 100th will not have any rewards. As for what the sector lords need to buy, they can use the points to exchange for them.

“Smart enough.”

“Every sector lord needs different manuals and treasures etc, hence they simply give points.” Luo Feng thought. “That’s very generous, however it’s very hard to get the high points too. As everybody’s 1st qualification battles would be when they had just broken through, they would be newbies in the primal region sector lord level. Compared to the seniors, ranking 1st and getting 1 billion points, that’s tough! Extremely tough!”

“The ones that get 3 hundred million points would probably be very few.”

“1 hundred million would be the majority.” Luo Feng thought.

The points were very valuable.

As the Virtual Universe Company treasure trove had many treasures that had to be exchanged for with points, even the powerful True Yan emperor, he had used points to exchange for the 1st half of the Nan Shen 7 forms for Luo Feng.

And later on, their buying power would get even stronger.

Like the life fruit or Nan Shen armament along with other cheap things, it wasn’t actually worth it to exchange for them with points. Items priced at 1 mixed element may require 10 points.

However…

As the items get more and more expensive, the points begin to display their advantage.

Like the Flame void gold, if it were to auctioned at 1.5-2 million mixed elements, with Luo Feng’s current authority, he could get a huge discount when using his points to exchange for it. Using only 500,000 points to exchange for the Flame void gold. At this time… the buying power of 1 point was even more than 1 mixed element.

And there were many items that couldn’t be bought with money, hence many undyings would rather exchange their money into manuals and treasures and so on.

“1 hundred million points, it’s buying power exceeds 1 hundred million mixed elements.” Luo Feng thought. “And an official level undying’s wealth is mostly only around 10 million mixed elements.”

“Every primal region sector lord!”

“The moment they become undying, even the weakest usually become official level undyings, and they’d definitely be the more wealthy ones amongst the official level undyings.” Luo Feng thought.

Of course…

The points were there to be spent!

These points were given for free by the Virtual Universe Company for the primal region sector lords to use, for them maximize their growth! Afterall with 100 sector lords in the primal region, it only added up to over 10 billion points or so…the Virtual Universe Company could easily afford this. It was only because primal region sector lords would constantly be produced, hence they limited the distribution.

…

Luo Feng continued to look at the information on the sector lord rewards.

“Ah?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

The Virtual Universe Company gave extra incentives:

1, after passing the universe level primal region sky mountain, one would get 1 hundred million points when he reached sector lord level.

2, after passing the domain lord level primal region sky mountain, one would get 3 billion points when he reached sector lord level.

3, after passing the sector lord level primal region sky mountain, one would immediately get 100 billion points.

“My god.”

“Brutal.” Luo Feng took a deep breath.

This was a huge amount!

“Wow, that’s generous.” Babata cheered on his shoulder. “That’s normal though, how tough is it to pass the primal region sky mountain! Normally, only a rare genius of 10 million eras can do it, naturally they’ll give more points to these geniuses. This setup is probably because they are worried that the geniuses would start out strong and weaken and fall later. Hence, they give higher rewards later on.”

Luo Feng nodded.

To succeed in the sector lord primal region sky mountain, that required the ability to pass the 20th level of the heavenly bridge! This was only 1 level away from becoming a knight! The moment such a sector lord broke through to undying, he would probably immediately reach True Yan emperor’s level! His chances of becoming a knight would be very high too. Hence, giving 100 billion points to nurture him would be normal.

“Phew!” Luo Feng laid back and lay on his study’s sofa, lifting a cup of wine.

“Talent, resources, character, encounters…one cannot lack any of these to become an absolute warrior amongst the trillions of races.” Luo Feng sighed. “The Virtual Universe Company does work hard to nurture the future warriors.”

The highest rewards were in the sky mountain! Because…this was something usually only a genius of ten million eras could attempt. To the large majority of geniuses, this wasn’t realistic to them at all.

Primal region sector lords, their rewards were high too. This was more realistic, as it was the goal of countless geniuses.

As for the sector lords of the absolute beginning and Sky and land regions, they too would get rewards in their 1st qualification battles, but it was much lower.

…

“Let’s check what Deities of the World level 2 requires.” Luo Feng thought.

Deities of the world, this was a very heavenly technique.

It could multiply one’s strength!

However, the resources needed for this technique were simply too harsh, and the price was absurd.

“Having a higher authority sure helps. There were many treasures I couldn’t even search for in the past, now I can find them all.” Luo Feng was happy. With his higher authority, the treasure trove was much more detailed than before. He easily found the materials he required for Deities of the World level 2.

However, calculating the points…

“My god.” Luo Feng took a deep breath, “Let’s attempt the primal region sky mountain!”

There was no choice, he was just too poor!

Even after he became sector lord level, he would only get 50 million mixed elements in cash. Nurturing his cloud contact vine and Star eating plants was like feeding a bottomless pit! The most absurd one was still Deities of the world.

Just a Kan Luo Si feather alone was priced at 12 million points in the treasure trove. There were even more expensive items required. Whatever he couldn’t find before, they were all there now. However their prices were even more ridiculous than the Kan Luo Si feather, to actually complete this 2nd level, the amount of points required would exceed over 10 billion points! As for the 3rd level…he didn’t even dare think about it. With his authority, he could still only find 3 ingredients he required for it, everything else was still hidden.

It was no wonder…

Those amongst the golden horned beast sector lords, hardly any one of them had ever finished the 2nd level. How could the solitary golden horned beasts have more treasures than humanity? The amount of treasures the Virtual Universe Company had collected was naturally incredibly shocking. However, these were from countless absolute warriors risking their lives to acquire these.

“After passing the primal region sky mountain, I’ll get 3 billion points.” Luo Feng thought. “With this 3 billion points, my power will rise greatly.”

Sou!

Luo Feng instantly vanished from his study.

…

In the center space of the sky mountain area, there stood 3 majestic mountains amidst the vast land, and on them glowed bright gold words, Sky and land, absolute beginning, and primal region, of which the primal region sky mountain was obviously the highest.

Sou!

Luo feng appeared on the land itself, swiftly flying towards the primal region sky mountain.

He landed on the foot of the mountain and looked up at the mountain that stretched through the clouds, after which he looked down at the not too distant foot of the mountain. There lay a huge stone like Ox man sleeping on the ground, beside him lay a dark purple huge axe. It felt like it was formed from countless bloodshed, and it made one tremble within.

“Wake up Ox man, get the apeman and the snake lady out, I want to attempt the sky mountain.” Luo Feng shouted.

The Ox man that was deeply asleep suddenly climbed up, blinking his eyes as he looked about, he saw Luo Feng, “You, want to attempt the primal region sky mountain?”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.


Chapter 744: Primal Region Sector Lord

“Ah!” The Ox man stared at him, immediately howling, “There’s someone here to attempt the primal region sky mountain!”

Two beams of light flew over. It was the apeman spirit reader and snake lady illusionist. The three guardians gathered at the foot of the mountain, quickly acquiring Luo Feng’s information.

“Luo Feng? You’ve passed the heavenly bridge’s 13th level?” The snake lady smiled enticingly, “Your majesty Luo Feng, your strength is far from enough.”

“Cut the crap.”

The dark golden long rod on Luo Feng’s back immediately split into 10,081 little golden blades, the blur of gold lights immediately began to interweave perfectly, forming a 3.3m long dark golden blade. This was the most perfect 9th form of the Nan Shen Armament, A match against undying.

Xiu!

The battle started immediately!

…

He killed from the foot of the mountain up to the middle level, successful in both levels.

“Phew…” Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle and flew through the primal region mountain’s path that stretched into the clouds. After flying for a while, he finally reached the peak.

The clouds engulfed the entire peak, the ox was lying and snoring thunderously there. The apeman was happily drinking at a large vat of wine and the snake lady was swimming in the water. When Luo feng landed on the peak, the three of them simultaneously opened their eyes and gazed at him.

The peak, this was the final level, and the toughest.

“How many years has it been.” The snake lady sighed in the water, she slowly swam out of the water, putting on a silk robe. Even though she was a snake lady, her upper half revealed a little through the robe, she could easily seduce men from all over.

“Yes, it’s been too long.” A low voice resounded from the ox man.

“Since the three of us have been created, it’s been a million eras since we’ve been challenged.” The apeman stood up.

Luo Feng was shocked as he heard.

Created?

After which he understood, these should be AIs created by the virtual universe system. One had to know that their system was heavenly, they were able to imitate the laws in places like the slaughterhouse, even creating any sort of opponent one requested!

Hence, to create the guardians of the Sky and land, absolute beginning and primal region sky mountains, this was just a small feat for them.

The only thing was that they lived for so long, some had already become living AIs, ones who were able to feel emotions.

“Luo Feng.” The snake lady looked at Luo Feng, her voice was gentle and enticing. “Even though I really wish to chat with you, we have to do our mission, and fight with all our strength…”

“Me too.” Luo Feng said softly.

Rumble!

The dark golden long rod on his back immediately dispersed and became a golden long blade. At the same time, scales appeared throughout his body and he instantly became a human form beast god. Unleashing this move meant that he had only completed the 1st level, it wasn’t too strong yet.

“Seems not bad.” The snake lady smiled.

With her smile…

Luo Feng was thrown into an illusion. An arc light shot out from behind the skinny apeman and slashed at Luo Feng’s neck, and was about to chop off his head.

“Break!” Luo Feng’s gaze was light lightning as he roared, instantly breaking through the illusion.

Dang!

The gold long blade’s instantaneous speed had reached an extreme level. It howled like a beast and was incredibly powerful, instantly tearing through space and crashing into that arc light. As they clashed, both the Nan Shen Armament and the Arc blade was knocked far away.

“I’ve already unleashed my spirit energy amplitude, combined with the 1st level’s Scale form infused in my Nan Shen Armament…yet my power is still only equal to the apeman’s.” Luo Feng’s expression changed as he roared.

He immediately rushed straight at the ox man.

As he targeted the ox man, he controlled his Nan shen armament to distract the apeman. As for the snake woman…Luo Feng didn’t care about her at all! He was confident in his ability to withstand the illusions.

“Haha…” The ox man laughed, rushing straight at Luo Feng. Every step he took, shook the entire ground, he wielded his huge blood thirsty axe and lifted it high up, the space around it instantly shook, and the image of a huge axe projected throughout. With just his roar, the space was instantly torn apart.

Domain lord level 9 strength, it could easily tear through space!

“Good.” The beast god form Luo feng waved his right hand.

“Break!!!”

Luo Feng’s slash through the sky was almost like a big slap, a claw appeared and a projection of a blurry beast god claw emerged This claw…hit right at the huge axe, with a clash, the axe was knocked sideways, the ox man immediately adapted…changing his vertical slice to that of a side one!

Sou! Luo Feng however was as fast as lightning.

After slashing with his claw once, he immediately rushed forwards, both hands facing the huge axe and clawing at it fiercely!

“Sky tearing claw!” Luo feng unleashed everything for the first time.

This claw was incomparably brutal!

The moment he clawed, 5 tears in space immediately appeared and his attack tore through the ox man’s chest armor. His terrifying attack destroyed his insides…easily destroying his life core.

The ox man was dead!

“Just two left now.” Luo Feng turned immediately after tearing through the ox man and looked around before flashing forward like a beast.

…

Actually, the moment the ox man was killed, this battle had already been decided.

“I’ve succeeded.”

Luo Feng stood at the peak, looking at the three bodies amidst the clouds, after which, their injuries vanished and they regenerated. All three of them stood up.

“Congratulations Luo Feng.”

“Congratulations on passing the primal sky mountain.”

The three guardians smiled at Luo Feng, the snake woman couldn’t help but ask, “Luo Feng, how come my illusions didn’t even work on you?”

“They aren’t strong enough.” Luo Feng smiled.

900 years of training in primal chaos city, along with long periods of solitude, this was very good training for his mental state. Over these 900 years…Luo Feng’s willpower had improved a lot. Even though knowing oneself was still only the 1st level in mental states, once its trained beyond its limits, it could still continue to get stronger.

Luo Feng’s willpower was extremely sturdy, how could her illusions affect him?

Primal chaos city, on a particular balcony amidst others.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged.

“I’ve succeeded.” Luo Feng opened his eyes fill with glee, “I’ve passed the primal region sky mountain. This way, the moment I reach sector lord, I’ll receive a huge reward. With that, my strength will reach a new level again! I’ll have a better chance in the life or death trials ahead.”

“Hm.”

“The primal chaos city leader teacher also told me…to look for him when I reach sector lord level.”

“Then, I’ll break through to sector lord level right away.”

Luo Feng closed his eyes…

…

At the same time.

The virtual universe’s thunder island was bustling. The management level members had all come to know of a piece of news…Luo Feng had passed the primal region sky mountain!

“It’s been so long, there’s finally someone from our humanity’s later generation that has passed the sky mountain, and it’s the domain lord level sky mountain.” A tall and skinny green armored man with compound eyes sat there. He lifted a glass of wine and sipped, as he complimented.

“This Luo Feng is indeed one favored by the primal chaos city leader, since his capabilities are extraordinary.” Another man in a silver robe, bald head and with green engravings on his face smiled and shot a glance over.

These were three knights chatting.

The three of them were all the management level elders of the Virtual Universe Company. Luo Feng’s highest point mission from before was judged by these three.

“Hmph.” A short messy green haired man snorted coldly. “This Luo Feng is extremely blood thirsty and selfish. What’s the point of being strong, he may be a calamity in the future. From what I see, we should restrict him as early as possible, stopping his growth!”

“The two of us don’t dare to do so.” The compound eyes man mocked. “That’s the disciple of the primal chaos city leader, the strongest in the Virtual Universe Company. With his control…I have to say, Bo Si Wa, you sure got some guts to think about restricting his disciple.”

The short man’s expression grew ugly.

Beside him, the silver robed bald man suddenly laughed. “Right, I remember that the moment someone passed the domain lord primal region sky mountain, when he becomes a sector lord…he’ll receive 3 billion points in rewards.”

“Hm, there is such a thing.” The compound eyes man nodded.

“3 billion points, this Luo feng improved so fast before without much resources. When he becomes sector lord…buying his treasures with these 3 billion points, also with the primal chaos city leader’s instructions, he’ll soar. He’ll become an absolute being just like Ke Di back then.” The silver robed bald man complimented.

The compound eyed man and the silver robed man chatted together, it made the other short one unhappy.

They couldn’t be blamed for taunting him, the main thing was during Luo Feng’s highest point mission’s 4th level, the 3 were in conflict. Both of them thought…that being a little selfish was very normal, it would be weird if he wasn’t, and Luo Feng was very fair towards all the other members, they wanted to give him 90-100% completion, and a higher extra bonus after.

This Bo Si Wa however didn’t agree.

He thought Luo feng was very selfish!

He didn’t even question his father, obviously he didn’t care about the Virtual Universe Company. If such a person was nurtured, maybe it will lead to a calamity in the future.

In conflict…

Hence the final decision! The points weren’t high or too low.

“Just wait, I’ve said it, he could very likely be a calamity.” The short man said.

“Ah?” The other two just laughed.

During their chat…

They all received a bit of news.

The number of primal region sector lords had risen from 100 to 101, there was a new primal region sector lord…Luo Feng!

“Luo Feng has become a sector lord?” The compound eyes man and the silver robed man both laughed, the short man however simply looked on coldly.


Chapter 745: Secret

The level of secrecy regarding the primal region members of the Virtual Universe Company wasn’t considered too high. When Luo feng became a sector lord and was confirmed by the virtual universe network system…it automatically increased his status, thus becoming a primal region sector lord. The moment that happened, the name list changed and many undyings and absolute beings naturally found out about it.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng walked towards the city leader’s mansion and saw many undyings looking at him.

“That’s Luo Feng?”

“He’s already a primal region sector lord.”

“I heard…that he’s already passed the domain lord primal region sky mountain.”

“Where’d you get that news? The sky mountain results aren’t public, I heard only the knights will know of such things.”

“I just heard.”

There were many undyings discussing softly along the way. It was obvious that within the past 1,000 years, Luo Feng had become a reputed genius within primal chaos city. Hence, almost all the warriors knew him.

Luo Feng entered the city leader’s residence amidst the discussions, stepping into the primal chaos ruins yard.

Time and space warped.

Amidst the vast ruins, trillions of bodies could be seen about. Luo Feng walked through the land and saw a silhouette sitting crossed legged in the distance.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng stood there and bowed respectfully.

Hua!

The city leader got up, his snake tail swept as he looked at Luo feng. This made Luo feng shocked within, “I’ve been visiting him for so many years in the virtual universe. My teacher in the virtual universe…the pressure and energy I feel from him is completely different compared to real life.”

The primal chaos city leader had three bodies, Luo Feng knew that this was one of them.

“You were finally willing to breakthrough to sector lord level.” The city leader’s eyes seemed to smile at him.

Luo Feng was stunned.

Finally willing?

From domain lord level 9 to sector lord, one would usually meet with a barrier, it wasn’t an easy thing to breakthrough! However, his teacher’s tone…

“When did you possess the golden horned beast’s body? Was it back when your home earth was attacked by one?” The city leader asked casually.

Luo Feng stared wide eyed.

My god!

Possess the golden horned beast?

This, this, this…

He had kept this secret extremely well, not ever disclosing it. How, how…

“Hahaha, you little punk.” The city leader laughed loudly. “Do you think you could hide that from me?”

“Teacher.” Luo feng was very nervous.

“Don’t worry, it’s no big deal.” The city leader shook his head and laughed, “The main foundation of a flesh and blood life form is the soul. No matter what you possess, or what body you get, your soul never changes, it’s still a human soul. Naturally, you’d still be part of humanity.”

Luo Feng let out a sigh or relief within.

That was right, there were many possession techniques. Someone at star traveller level, or star level, even those could use them. There were many that would possess others and try again if they weren’t satisfied with the 1st, just like his teacher Hu Yan Bo had done so before. There were many warriors in the universe that possessed others to decrease the limits of their lower bloodlines.

Hence, possession wasn’t something that was degrading.

The soul was the core!

One that possessed a golden horned beast still possessed a human soul, naturally he was still human!

“Haha, don’t be fooled by appearances. If one’s appearance is human but their body has already been possessed by the other races, his soul would be that of theirs. Then…he would be from the other race.” The city leader smiled. “Being able to possess a golden horned beast’s body is your own skill. If you can possess a stronger life form…that would be even better, the only worry is if you fail.”

Luo Feng finally calmed down within.

He had been worried before, because Hu Yan Bo had at most possessed another human. As for him, he had possessed another race altogether! The moment it was revealed, if he was marked as another race, that would mean big trouble. He didn’t dare gamble! Hence he had been hiding this fact. From the looks of it, the upper echelon of humanity seem pretty open about it.

“Teacher, how did you find out…” Luo feng couldn’t help but ask.

“Every batch of geniuses absorbed, whether they are from the genius competitions or absorbed members for the 5 leviathans, they all come to primal chaos city once.” The city leader laughed, “When you first came here, one reason was for you to pick your primal chaos tablet, the 2nd was to determine if there were any other race spies within. If we nurture you and you turn out to be from another race, that would be a joke.”

“Within Primal chaos city, I can instantly check through all of you.” The city leader said, “I immediately saw the core within your body then.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng was shocked.

Right.

How could humanity not check through the geniuses and spend resources on them.

And the primal chaos city leader, as one of the most pinnacle beings of humanity, was definitely one of the top three powers of humanity. He naturally could easily see through a person and his soul!

“Then, then…” Luo Feng couldn’t help but say, “Since you know I possessed a golden horned beast, and that it was at sector lord level, why’d you let me carry on as a domain lord level member?”

“Even though I know about it, it doesn’t mean others do.” The city leader smiled indifferently.

Luo Feng blinked.

“My job is to make sure you aren’t a spy of the other race.” The city leader exclaimed, “There are many encounters in the universe. Your possession of the golden horned beast…doesn’t mean anything in the vast universe. As long as I can make sure you are human, that’s enough! As for the management people not finding out and still taking you as a universe level, as a domain lord…I can’t be bothered with it.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

The city leader, he was the biggest boss of the Virtual Universe Company, what level was that? Why would he bother about such matters.

“If you could find out, how could the others not?” Luo Feng asked curiously.

“I control the time and space here.” The city leader smiled, “In this space, I can easily scan everything. Those knights, they may have comprehended space or time! They haven’t reached my level, unless they purposely send a piece of god energy into your body to check, they would never be able to discover you possessed a golden horned beast.”

Luo Feng realized.

The universe master controlled both time and space, he was naturally much more powerful than a knight.

“It was a good thing you came here when you were weak.” The city leader said, “If you had come here for the 1st time when you were undying, I may have mistaken you to be a spy of the space beasts.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

“The moment one becomes undying, his soul would begin to meld with the body, every bit of spirit imprint fusing with your cells.” The city leader smiled. “When that happens, every cell is a part of your soul, as there’s no clear soul itself, only the most basic spirit imprints about, and the imprint of every life that has a soul is different”

“There wouldn’t be a way for me to determine if your soul imprint was that of human or not.”

“Hence…I would suspect you to be a spy for the other race.” The city leader smiled.

Luo Feng nodded.

Ah.

Right, when a normal human reaches sector lord, his soul would gather. At domain lord level, it was a soul crystal, sector lord it became a pearl, completely condensed within. Naturally the city leader would be able to see if one was a human soul or not.

However after one became undying, the soul would crumble and disperse, melding into every cell. It wouldn’t be possible to see the soul clearly anymore, as the soul had already become part of the undying body.

“If that was the case, wouldn’t you be unable to determine if some undyings are spies if they come here for the first time?” Luo Feng asked.

“Right.”

The city leader nodded, “There’s no way to. Hence, every undying that comes here for the 1st time are all suspects, they would be placed under supervision.”

…

After hearing this, Luo Feng felt that the security around humanity’s sacred land, primal chaos city sure was strict. His teacher had probably only told him about 1 level of security. There should be others. He had always thought his possession of the golden horned beast was a secret, he didn’t expect the city leader to know of it.

Only back then, he was too lazy to bother about this little punk.

“Possessing a golden horned beast, amongst the trillions of races in the universe it’s only considered an above average encounter.” The city leader smiled. “The only good point is you get its natural bloodline ability of cloning, picking good clones is extremely important. How many do you have now?”

“Two.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“Hm, looks like there’s only one left.” The city leader nodded, “Let me advise you…”

Luo Feng listened hard.

“The universe is fair, this natural ability is not limitless.” The leader emphasized, “From what I know, there are some very mysterious and terrifying life forms in the universe, some of them are even completely unique. Even at sector lord level…your golden horned beast’s internal world cannot produce such a life form. The internal world of the beast can at most…produce one that’s ten to a hundred times stronger than itself, if it were to produce such a life form, it wouldn’t be too realistic. Of course, the golden horned beast itself has an exquisite bloodline, hence almost all the sector lord life forms of the universe are viable, only very few life forms are exceptions.”

“Secondly, if you pick a powerful being close to your internal world’s limit, at 100 times stronger than your golden horned beast, you’d definitely be able to produce it yes. However, the universe is fair, if your clone is too heavenly, your growth will meet with some obstructions.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

“Obstructions?”

“Right.” The city leader nodded, “If your clone is too strong, there would be some difficulties along the way.”

“Good luck and misfortune are interdependent.” He smiled. “This is the fairness of the universe. Even though there would be obstructions, the moment you breakthrough them, you will have a much greater power.”


Chapter 746: Shi Wu Wing

Hearing that from the Primal chaos city leader, Luo Feng pondered carefully.

He had made a choice back then to swallow high grade metals to grow his golden horned beast to sector lord level 9. That way, his internal world could reach a size of 90 million km in diameter. It would make his world projection extremely powerful! The down side was that breaking through to undying would be ten to hundreds of times harder than a normal golden horned beast!

Just like the 1,000 vine star eating plant, the 360 vines cloud contact vine and the bug clan queen breaking through to undying, they were all far harder than the golden horned beast. These heavenly beings breaking through to undying was almost impossible!

If!

The 3rd clone he produced was a 100 times stronger than the beast itself, if he made a bug clan queen as the 3rd clone, the moment the queen became undying, she could create a powerful undying army. That would make him invincible beneath anything of a knight, and he would be able to decimate many undying armies.

If his 3rd clone was a bug clan queen ant and it broke through to undying…would there be no chance? This didn’t comply with the universe laws.

“The powerful clones would definitely create special obstructions.” Luo Feng muttered to himself.

“My teacher is right.”

“And before, the two clones I have, one is an earth human and the other a mosha clansman. The earth human is too much weaker than the golden horned beast, the mosha clansman too would probably only be a tenth of the golden horned beast.” Luo Feng thought, “The two clones before were too weak, hence there wasn’t any special obstructions.”

“Who cares.”

“It’s just like teacher said, the moment I breakthrough the obstructions, my strength would naturally be even greater.” Luo Feng thought.

…

There were many other race warrior corpses scattered about, the primal chaos city leader however looked calmly at Luo Feng, he could feel a forward looking drive from Luo Feng’s gaze.

“Ke Di was the same back then.” He sighed within.

Ke Di from before was just like Luo Feng now, full of confidence despite any challenges, never ever disheartened.

“Luo Feng.” The city leader shouted.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“You haven’t truly trained in the usage methods of the Nan Shen 7 forms right.” The city leader said.

“Not yet, I just simply comprehended the law side of it and immediately came to visit you.” Luo Feng said.

Even though he hadn’t trained in it.

He had seen it before, the entire Nan Shen 7 forms, other than the details of the law side, it had 4 special techniques. Among these 4, 3 of them were very strong, and the 4th was the Beast God transformation. Training in the Nan Shen 7 forms would naturally allow one to use this.

It was very simply, however the training for the 3 techniques was incredibly complex.

The city leader nodded, “Xi Luo Duo was also an absolute being of the universe, and the Nan Shen 7 forms has all of his studies, you’ve only just studied the 1st form, you are still weak and small. Train the others first…they are beneficial. As for creating techniques and your own weapons…”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed as he listened intently.

Normally, sector lord pinnacles would all begin to create their own techniques and weapons.

“Other sector lords mostly only comprehend the normal laws. Yet, you are different, you are training in the beast god path.” The city leader looked at him. “Creating your own techniques wont be easy. Also…do you know, why do the sector lord pinnacles begin to create their own techniques?”

Luo Feng said respectfully, “It’s because other people’s techniques don’t fit them.”

“Right, they don’t fit.”

The city leader nodded, “And you haven’t even trained in any of the battle techniques of the Nan Shen 7 forms. Naturally you can’t say that they don’t fit you. Hence what you need to do…is first study hard at all of Xi Luo Duo’s battle techniques. After that, learn from it and go battle! Through countless battles, you will slowly begin to feel…that his techniques aren’t able to unleash your full strength. When that happens, only then will you begin to create your own techniques. With the Nan Shen 7 forms as the foundation, begin to build your own techniques.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng realized.

The leader didn’t want him to begin creating his own technique simply because others were doing it at the same level, how could his situation be the same with others? He was training in the much tougher beast god path, it was absurdly tough and also extremely powerful.

The true time to create his own techniques was when the pathway was open.

“This beast god armament is a spirit reader weapon suited for unleashing the Nan Shen 7 forms.” The leader flipped his hand and a thick heavy shield appeared in mid air. It was completely gold and had some blood red engravings. It was about 2m tall and 1m thick, on the sides were little beast god engravings, it was exquisite.

Luo Feng held his breath.

“It’s called the beast god armament.” The city leader laughed, “It’s in memory of the beast god.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

He had never trained in the battle techniques yet, however he had seen them, he naturally knew that back then, Xi Luo Duo had used the beast god armament to dominate the vast universe.

“Of course this isn’t the beast god armament Xi Luo Duo used, the one he used has vanished long ago with him.” The city leader said, “There have been many human warriors that have tried training in the Nan Shen 7 forms. Even though many give up after awhile, they all mostly order this Beast god armament, it naturally became the standard beast god armament weapon. Also, it’s not considered expensive, just average.”

Standard?

Not expensive? Average?

Luo feng muttered to himself, he couldn’t trust every word the city leader said, his perspectives were simply too high, Luo Feng’s possession of the golden horned beast was actually only regarded as an above average encounter amidst the trillions of universe races.

“Of course, many that start in the Nan Shen 7 forms are knights. Hence this beast god armament…is enough to make many knights kill for, it’s not that bad.” The city leader said.

“Weapons used by knights, being deemed average…” Luo Feng muttered to himself.

Teacher…

Your perspective is simply too high!

“This beast god armament, you can use it from now on. When you want to create your own techniques, it wouldn’t be too late to create your own weapons then.” The city leader floated the shield to Luo Feng.

“Thank you teacher.” Luo Feng said gratefully.

He used both hands to receive the shield.

Once he received it.

Chi chi, it was pretty heavy, it was indeed a weapon used by knights. Luo Feng could feel it was comparable to even a destroyer of earth during the Great nirvana. Naturally, when one reached Luo Feng’s level, he could easily destroy the earth with one move, this little bit of weight was nothing.

“My teacher asked me to come when I reach sector lord level. The main thing is to advise me and give me this weapon?” Luo Feng thought, simultaneously keeping the Beast god Armament in his world ring.

“Sector lord is the most important period for training. As your teacher, I definitely have to give you a treasure.” The city leader said.

Primal chaos city leader!

He was indeed the big boss of the Virtual Universe Company! One of the top 3 in the entire human race. He took out the beast god armament like it was nothing, he still thought his teacher called him over to simply give him one beast god armament, but it looks like he underestimated his teacher.

“This is a rare treasure, even I’m unable to refine it. If you reveal it’s abilities, it would make knights fight over to get it.” The city leader smiled. “However this treasure has yet to been made public, it’s always been with me. Hence, no other life forms in the universe know of its existence. Naturally its usefulness to me is almost negligible.”

Luo Feng held his breath.

Almost?

It meant that this treasure still had some use to his teacher, it would draw attention from even the Knights. Just what was this treasure? His teacher sure was generous.

Hua.

The city leader flipped his hand and the surrounding space shook, a huge treasure floated in the air.

“Ah.” Luo Feng looked at it, stunned.

It was a pair of exquisite silver wings, 80 tall and huge as it shook the space about it. Each feather was clearly visible on it, however it was easy to see…that each feather was made from special metals and all of them were extremely sharp. And they were not real feathers either! These could become weapons themselves.

“So big.” Luo Feng muttered softly.

“Once you’ve refined and absorbed it into your body, it can change in size. When it’s big…it can even reach a trillion km and cover the Laos world easily. If you wish so, it can even shrink down smaller than a single cell.” The city leader said.

Luo Feng was completely stunned.

Such a powerful weapon?

Smaller than a cell? Bigger than Laos world? It was no wonder that it would make even the knights go crazy go for it. Luckily it had never been exposed, and no other life forms knew of its ability.

“It’s called the Shi Wu wings.” The city leader said. “You can rely on it to fly and flee or battle. As for its true use and how to use it…I will send a manual to you via the virtual universe network, study it well.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

The manual for the Shi Wu wings couldn’t be disclosed, hence it was better to do it in the virtual universe.

“Remember, don’t divulge information about it. Just from looking at it, or even if others see you use it, even a knight wouldn’t be able to confirm it’s true ability.” The city leader emphasized. “However, if you divulge information on it, the knights crazy for power will definitely come for it.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng replied respectfully.

“Hm.”

The city leader nodded, sighing within.

Ke Di was dead.

Luo Feng…with the Shi Wu wings, should have a much higher chance of survival.

“Go on.” The leader waved his hand, “When you are about to leave primal chaos city to go through your life and death trials, come and look for me first.”

“Yes teacher.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

After which, he was immediately warped out of the primal chaos ruins.


Chapter 747: Universe Limit

After getting the two weapons, the beast god armament and the Shi Wu wings, Luo Feng left the city leader’s residence excitedly and returned to his own quiet training quarters. The moment he got back…he immediately connected to the virtual universe network.

Virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain primal region.

“Your majesty, did you request for the nutrition cabin to be sent to primal chaos city?” A clear voice resounded on the screen.

“Yes.” Luo Feng sat at his desk and nodded, “Send it as soon as possible.”

“Yes.”

After which the call ended.

Luo Feng revealed a smile, with different position, one’s authority was different too. Back when he first came to primal chaos city, he had mostly always had to listen to orders. Things like sending the nutrition cabin etc, the service wouldn’t be this good, sending it personally to primal chaos city. Now it was different…his position was much higher than a primal region sector lord.

“Nan shen 7 forms.” Luo Feng waved his hand and a thick book flew out from the book shelf, landing on the table before him. As for the laptop, he tossed it on a small table beside his sofa.

“I had only briefly seen through the 4 techniques before, never really studying them. Now that I’ve completed the 1st form’s scale formation, I know more about the beast god path, naturally, it’s time to learn how to use it.” Luo Feng flipped open the thick book. It was half a meter thick, every page however was extremely thin, the 1st volume alone was close to 10,000 pages long.

The 1st 1/3 pages of the 1st volume was information related to studying the laws, mostly on how to train the scale formation.

The remaining 2/3rds was about the 4 techniques and their usage.

The 1st beast god transformation was the easiest to learn. As long as one understood the laws, it could be learnt. However, it was still one of the ultimate paths!

And it was an extremely important one!

This particular move Xi Luo Duo made had let Luo Feng understand a big secret of the universe!

According to Xi Luo Duo:

Using one’s body to 100% perfection is something all undyings can do. A true absolute warrior however…can totally exceed that limit! For example, using 200% to 300% strength instead.

Like Luo Feng, his golden horned beast’s natural ability strengthen was strengthening in overall, of which his body strength would double as well.

And deities of the world, it was an extremely valuable technique. The moment it was unleashed, the golden horned beast would shrink and its muscle and bone density would increase at a shocking rate. This would make his strength rise by a few times…the highest was the legendary 36 times.

These were all special techniques used to instantly raise one’s strength!

And the body’s universe limit was a 100 times! Whether it was through techniques or any other method, the highest was still 100 times.

Same theory.

The spirit energy amplitude had a universe limit of 100 times! Luo Feng’s however could reach over 3,200…and as the perfect form was only 100, his was over 32 times that. And according to what he deduced…the final goal of the demon note inheritance was probably 100 times amplitude!

…

100 times, this was the universe limit.

There was no way to exceed that!

Completing the Deities of the world would increase one’s amplitude to 36 times, and according to Luo Feng’s inherited memories, other than the 1 golden horned beast that created deities of the world back then, the other generations of beasts never ever completed the 3rd level. Very few even made great progress in the 2nd level.

Amplitude of 36 times, it was extremely tough.

Beast god transformation only had 6 levels.

The 1st would amplify 2 times.

The 2nd, 4 times.

The 3rd, 8 times.

…

The 6th, 64 times!

This meant that the great Xi Luo Duo, a being invincible amongst anything below a universe master, could at most amplify his strength 64 times when he unleashed the beast god transformation. Not even mentioning 64 times…simply being able to reach the 5th level of 32 times alone was already incredible.

…

It could be seen that reaching the universe limit was extremely tough, whether it was the soul amplitude or body amplitude, or not even reaching the limit. Just reaching 50 times…that was enough to stand over countless absolute beings.

Demon note inheritance, many emperor level undyings would go receive the inheritance. Even with such an encounter, many were unable to complete even the 1st level! Those without such an encounter would naturally be even weaker.

10,000 soul control technique, it’s pinnacle 10,000 control required one’s spirit energy amplitude to reach 10,000, (100 times). However, even the creator of the technique never completed it, it was but an imagination.

The demon note inheritance had stayed in demon note mountain for a countless amount of time.

Yet none had ever fully completed it!

Hard!

Extremely tough!

The universe limit had held back Xi Luo Duo, the creator of the 10,000 soul control and other countless absolute beings.

And Luo Feng’s golden horned beast body.

It’s true amplifying techniques were Deities of the world and its natural ability strengthen. Of which, deities of the world could amplify his strength 5 times, and strengthen could raise it only 2 times. Hence, using those alone, he could raise his golden horned beast’s strength by only 10 times.

Of course, from the black metal Nameless manual, it made the beast’s cells evolve and strengthen it by 3 times. However, this was a cellular evolution. It was the foundation! Not a technique that amplified.

Like the blood river energy, using it could instantly change the genes of the right claw, making its right claw become almost like the beast god’s, its strength amplifying 11 times from before. However this too was a genetic change, not an amplitude technique.

“Hence genetics and bloodline is very important.” Luo Feng thought within.

“With good genes and bloodline, one’s basics would far exceed that of others. Even if there were two sector lord pinnacles, a golden horned beast’s body attack strength will be already 10 times that of a human sector lord pinnacle. Stronger in foundation by 10 times…I have to say, that black metal Nameless manual is incredibly terrifying.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but exclaim.

He had acquired that black metal on earth and gotten the incomplete Nameless manual’s 1st level.

Just it’s 1st level alone, its price was immeasurable.

Normally when one reached domain lord or sector lord pinnacle, their bodies would no longer be able to evolve. However, relying on this nameless manual…raising one’s genetic makeup by another 3 times! This wasn’t an instantaneous amplification, but a true evolution of the genes…raising the foundation altogether. This was definitely against the universe laws!

“A manual that goes against the universe laws, it’s a pity there’s only that 1st level.” Luo Feng thought. “If I have all 9 levels, this nameless manual…it’s price would far exceed any manual I know of.”

The 1st beast transformation was a body amplification, similar to Deities of the world and the demon note inheritance and other amplification techniques.

The 2nd Beast god armament was a technique to use the Beast god armament. This was a true technique Xi Luo Duo had used to dominate the universe, killing many others. It seemed like a simple standard Beast god armament, however in Xi Luo Duo’s hands, it could decimate almost everything dominating trillions of races.

The 3rd technique was the Beast god howl, this was a soul defense technique, and was similar to the Void pagoda Luo Feng studied. However, it was much stronger than that. No matter who it was, as long as he had a soul, it was necessary for them to study soul defense. And Xi Luo Duo was a spirit reader, hence the soul defense technique he created was naturally extremely powerful.

The 4th was Beast god run, this was used to flee. The universe was vast and mysterious, with many ambushes hidden within. Being strong in battle was one thing, however what truly determined how long one lived was his ability to flee. Like Undying knight, going through countless life or death situations, treating the universe secret regions like his own garden, surviving through everything!

Like the primal chaos guardian, having many separate bodies, this was a survival technique.

Beast god run, if trained well, could raise one’s survival chances by at least 10 times!

4 techniques.

1 for body amplification, 1 for spirit weapon attacks, 1 for soul defense, 1 for fleeing.

“The names of the 4 techniques sure are interesting. Beast god transformation, Beast god armament, Beast god howl and Beast god run, haha. It truly is a manual designed to fully transform one into a beast god.” Luo Feng smiled. On his shoulder, Babata suddenly shouted, “Luo Feng, why are there no soul amplification techniques?”

“How would I know.” Luo feng shook his head.

He didn’t know…

The beast god was a path of the body. Not a soul path.

Hence, the fusion of the gold and space laws with the final goal of becoming a beast god, it was only a body amplification, it didn’t have any soul amplification.

As for Xi Luo Duo himself, he naturally had other encounters. He knew other soul amplification techniques, the only thing was, they weren’t created by him.

…

4 techniques.

Everyone of them was extremely crucial and profound, and after carefully studying them, Luo Feng was even more shocked. He didn’t even have any thoughts about creating his own techniques. His city leader teacher was right…learn the great techniques of the elders first, and once he had fully comprehended them, through battles and all, he would someday feel they weren’t fully unleashing his strength. Only then would it be a good time to create his own techniques.

He was still learning the basics now, it was better to study these 4 of Xi Luo Duo’s techniques.

Du.

“Luo Feng, there’s a call request.” Babata shouted.

“Accept.” Luo Feng gently tapped the air and a screen appeared.

On it was a white bearded white robed old man. He was the manager of the primal region, Ai Tuo Er. He bowed slightly and said, “Your majesty Luo feng, There’s a briefcase with a manual here for you.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

The city leader had said that he would send someone who would bring the details about the Shi Wu wings.

“I’m coming.” Luo Feng immediately closed the call, sou, he flew out of his windows.

He rushed into the skies and headed straight for the entrance of the primal region.

In the blink of an eye, he had arrived.

There at the entrance stood a few maids, Ai Tuo Er the undying stood there too, he held a silver briefcase.

“The standard Beast god armament, my teacher the city leader doesn’t care too much about. However he did say these Shi Wu wings were a true treasure that hadn’t been seen by the universe yet, who knows what wonders it holds.” Luo Feng was very clear that such a treasure would take him an extremely long time to train in to fully understand it, looking at the manual would speed things up a lot more.

“Thanks.” Luo Feng landed and received the briefcase.

“Haha, I heard you’ve become a true disciple of the primal chaos city leader. Congratulations.” Ai Tuo Er said passionately.

Luo Feng looked at him shocked, this was the manager of the primal region, he sure was well informed.


Chapter 748: A Long 300 Years

Luo Feng carried the briefcase back to his villa.

“Pa.” He sat on his sofa and opened the case, and in it a grey book lay within.

He lifted it and took a look.

“So it’s like that.”

He nodded and continued to read.

Shi Wu wings: A treasure suitable for one trained in the fusion of the gold and space laws. As it’s suited for this fusion, the city leader gave it to Luo Feng. The origin of this item was a mystery. It’s material was incredibly sturdy, so much so that even a universe master wouldn’t be able to destroy it.

The city leader didn’t walk the path of the beast god, hence he wouldn’t be able to use it perfectly. However his vision and perspective was incredibly broad, he was able to see its true power.

The Shi Wu wings was mainly used for fleeing.

According to the research, the city leader had discovered that the wings should have 3 forms.

The 1st form was its normal form, after completing the Nan Shen 7 forms’ 1st level, one would be able to trigger it. Using the wings, one’s flying movement would be incredibly unpredictable.

The 2nd form was where the wings would change, after completing the Nan Shen 7 forms’ 3rd form, the bone transformation, one would be able to unleash this 2nd form of the Shi Wu wings. When used, there would be a massive space disruption in the area, and that disruption would be the domain of the Shi wu wings.

The 3rd form, after completing the 5th form, Horned section of the Nan Shen 7 forms, one would be able to unleash this 3rd form. When used, it would become a space tide, flying within this tide wouldn’t affect the wings at all.

Of course…

As its material was so sturdy even a universe master wouldn’t be able to break through, as long as they wrapped around the owner, it was a very good defensive item which was able to disperse a lot of attacks. And the feathers weren’t exactly real feathers, but sharp piercing knives.

In flight, they could be used to attack and slash through anything!

“There’s a technique at the back of this book, most of humanity doesn’t have wings. Hence, the usage of such items are incredibly limited. I believe you’ve never trained in such a technique before too! However, this Shi Wu wings should be your strongest treasure. In order to unleash it well, I’ve prepared a technique called Universe line, this is one that has space as the main law and gold as the secondary law.”

…

Fleeing and survival ability is very important.

After studying Beast god run and Universe line, Luo Feng immediately began to search through the golden horned beast’s inherited memories for techniques. The golden horned beast had wings, and there were huge amounts of such techniques for the usage of its wings! Luo Feng searched through and began to study them.

Looking through Beast god run and Universe line, Luo Feng’s perspectives had grown. He quickly found a technique specialized in fleeing, this had some similarities with the other two techniques…its name was Universe Strike Travel.

“Amongst my 3 bodies, the golden horned beast is the strongest.”

“Naturally, the strong would work best with the strong! This Shi Wu wings will go to the beast.”

“And this Universe Strike Travel, it’s created by one of the ancestors of the golden horned beast, it’s very suited for its use. I’ll use it as the main technique, and Beast god run and Universe line as the secondary.”

In the study.

On his screen, there was a silhouette covered in fog, it said with a low voice, “Primal region sector lord member Luo Feng, you’ve passed the domain lord primal sky mountain, hence the Virtual Universe Company will reward you with 3 billion points. You can use this to exchange for items that will add to you strength, this will give you a higher chance of survival in the outer region wars.”

“Understood.” Luo feng stood before the screen.

“We hope you’ll be able to survive and return from the wars.” After which, the silhouette cut off the connection.

Luo Feng smiled, his eyes filled with excitement.

It’s finally here!

“3 billion points.” Luo Feng checked his points, 3 billion had just been transferred to his account.

“I’ll first check and exchange for the materials required for Deities of the world.” Luo Feng sat before his laptop and searched through. Even though he had searched before, he didn’t exactly check how to use the least amount of points to get the best effect. “Babata, help me calculate, with my 3 billion points…how far can I raise Deities of the world.”

“Yes, calculating.” Babata blinked on his shoulder, “Complete.”

“3 billion points will be able to raise Deities of the world to amplify your strength by 7.9 times.” Babata said.

The 1st level was 3 times.

The 2nd was 9 times, however that required over 10 billion points to complete.

“7.9?” Luo feng frowned, “How much does 7.5 times require?”

“2.12 billion points.” Babata said.

“Very good.” Luo Feng nodded, “Help me exchange.”

He didn’t even hesitate, immediately exchanging for the items. Luo Feng was very clear on the logic of the strong going with the strong. The golden horned beast’s body was over a 100 times stronger than his earth body, even adding multiple times of his earth body ‘s strength wouldn’t be any good. It was better to simply amplify the beast’s strength!

“Exchange successful, a total of 2.12 billion points have been spent, and the materials will arrive in primal chaos city within 6 months.” Babata said. He couldn’t help but shout out, “Damn, 2.12 billion points, and this is with your huge discount. If it was cash, even 5 billion mixed elements wouldn’t be enough. Damn…it’s enough to make a poor emperor level undying go completely bankrupt.”

Luo Feng laughed.

He continued to search for information on how to make his cloud contact vine, star eating plant and the bug clan queen become undying. For the two plants to breakthrough…the price was extremely high. And there wasn’t even a 100% chance at all.

For example…

The best option for the 100 vine star eating plant to have a chance of breaking through to an undying was at 80%, and the price required however was 10.86 million points.

The 300 vine star eating plant, it’s best method would only be at 60% chance, and the cost was 920 million points.

As for the 1,000 vine star eating plant, the best method would only yield a 30% chance, and the cost was close to 120 billion points.

The higher it climbed, the more terrifying the costs were.

And the chances of breaking through kept going lower. Whoever spent 120 billion points but failed in making his 1,000 vine star eating plant break through to undying would definitely feel the pinch.

When it came to the 108 vine cloud contact vine, the best method had a 80% chance, and the cost was 18.1 million points.

For the 216 vines cloud contact vine, the best method had a 50% chance, and the cost was 1.53 billion points.

As for the 360 vines cloud contact vine, the best method had a 40% chance of breaking through, and the cost was close to 11.6 billion points.

These were the best methods.

If one spent lesser, and used lousier methods, the chances of breakthrough would be even lower. When Hu Yan Bo’s cloud contact vine broke through back then, luck played a big part. As his investment and method wasn’t exactly the best…his chances were only 40%, however he still succeeded.

Exchanging for materials and treasures!

Exchanging for Time space scribbles 4th, 5th and 6th volumes!

Exchanging for some automaton weapons! Many such weapons were prohibitten, Luo Feng’s authority however was high enough for him to purchase them! Even though the price of these weapons was extremely high, it was usable by weak warriors, giving them the ability to fight the strong.

…

Large amounts of point usage!

He used the 3 billion points till only a pitiful two hundred million was left. He then used it to exchange for many other items, things that could help raise his strength further and also deal with crisis.

…

Time passed, in a flash, it had been 300 years since he became sector lord. (Actual universe 1,000 years)

Within primal chaos city, countless warriors sat crossed legged on their balconies.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged on his and looked up at the space tears with the universe laws revolving about.

“Hahaha…”

He suddenly laughed and got up.

“300 years, I’ve been able to study the 9 universe tablet a total of 18 times. I’ve finally comprehended the 4th Star picture and the 5th Galaxy picture.” Luo Feng was happy within. Normal study of the 5th picture gave one the capability of passing the 15th level of the heavenly bridge, which was comparable to the 1st level of the Nan Shen 7 forms.

However, it was much easier than the 1st level of the Nan Shen 7 forms.

Including the 108 wonders that he had completed earlier on, along with the 18 times of study of the tablet…his efficiency had risen greatly. Even if he needed to concentrate on the 2nd level of the Nan Shen 7 forms alongside it, he wouldn’t require 300 years.

“It’s a pity that the 2nd level of the Nan Shen 7 forms is much harder than the 1st. Even after 300 years, I barely scratched the surface of it.”

Sou!

He jumped down and landed below, walking to his door and gently touched the door.

The color began to change back to white.

“I’ve stayed here for over 1200 years.” Luo Feng said softly, “Over 4,000 years have passed in the actual universe. Most of my time since I’ve been born have been used training, and now…I can’t bear to leave.”

“It’s time I left.”

Luo Feng shook his head.

He turned and left towards the not too distant True Yan’s residence. Before leaving primal chaos city, he had to bid goodbye to his two teachers.

“Junior Luo Feng.”

“Junior.”

Walking within, he would occasionally see his seniors who would wave at him passionately. After knowing the face that he had become the true disciple of the primal chaos city leader, they naturally treated him much better.

“Teacher is that way.” A senior pointed.

Luo Feng arrived before the yard.

“Come in.” A voice resounded from within.

Luo Feng stepped in and saw True Yan sitting before a table, with wine in a bamboo pot.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

“Are you leaving?” True Yan continued to drink.

“Yes.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

True Yan glanced at him, “Go on, don’t spoil my reputation!”

“Hm.” Luo Feng knelt down respectfully, bowing very heavily before getting up, “I’ll be leaving teacher.”

He turned to head out.

True Yan looked at his back and shouted, “Come back alive. Also bring some good wine, I haven’t tasted any good wine from you yet.”

“I will definitely bring some when I return.” Luo Feng said as he vanished into the distance.


Chapter 749: Leaving Primal Chaos City

Walking out of True Yan’s residence, Luo Feng had made up his mind to make a name for himself.

He has had three teachers so far, one of them was Hu Yan Bo, another was True Yan and the third one was the primal chaos city leader. In terms of relationship…True Yan was without doubt the top, as he had spent so much time with him, and True Yan was also very dedicated in teaching him. It was almost like a father teaching his child. Just buying the Nan Shen 7 forms alone, that was a debt Luo feng found hard to repay.

One had to know that True Yan wasn’t a knight, the cost of buying the first half of the Nan Shen 7 forms was extremely high for him.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.”

“Your majesty Luo Feng.”

The undying guards within the city leader’s residence all said respectfully, opening a path for him.

Luo Feng stepped into the residence and quickly reached the yard, with a deep breath, he stepped in…

Scattered corpses laid throughout the entire vast continent. One had to know that this was reality and not the virtual universe. All the bodies were real, not decaying over countless years, it was obvious all these were undying bodies, just the energies from them alone was terrifying.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng walked towards the man sitting crossed legged and bowed.

The city leader stood up and turned to look at Luo Feng.

“Are you prepared to leave primal chaos city?” His eyes were calm and vast like the ocean.

“Yes.” Luo Feng replied.

“Hm, it’s time you went out and explored.” The city leader nodded. “Where are you prepared to head out to? Universe secret region? Outer region wars?”

“Outer region wars.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

Sector lords were required to go through life or death training, this was the long time tradition of the Virtual Universe Company.

The life or death training was split into two types. One was the outer region wars and the other was the secret regions. Both places were extremely dangerous, the outer region wars were where the races battled each other. There were many warriors hidden within , and a combined army’s force…even if they were weaker individually than Luo Feng, the combined attacks could end him immediately.

As for the secret regions, they were also comparable to the outer region wars. Just like how Luo Feng’s senior Ke Di had fallen in one of the secret regions, some of the dangers there were enough to make knights fall!

“Outer region wars?” The city leader frowned. “There are many races hidden out there. You are now my true disciple, and are also regarded as a rare genius of 10 million eras. Countless warriors will have made plans to kill you, the moment you head there…I’m afraid…”

Luo Feng smiled, “I understand, I’ve been ambushed by the bug clan before. And that was even before my reputation had grown. The bug clan did all they could to kill me in Wu Long star field. And right now, they are probably willing to sacrifice even more to kill me.”

“Bug clan!”

The city leader snorted coldly, the surrounding vast space immediately shook.

Luo Feng was shocked.

He could feel the city leader’s rage the moment the bug clan was mentioned.

“Automaton race, Demons, bug clans, the 3 pinnacle races that are neighbors to our territory.” The city leader said coldly. “As they are nearby, anybody that wants to expand or doesn’t want to be invaded has to go to war! Among these 3 races…the bug clan is the most sinister. As they have many underhanded methods, you have to be most careful of them when you head to the outer region wars!”

Luo Feng nodded, “Yes teacher.”

“You must be prudent, because your senior Ke Di fell to them.” The city leader emphasized, “His strength, his self preservation methods etc, were much more than yours currently. You only received 3 billion points to buy large amounts of items. He on the other hand had passed the sector lord primal sky mountain, getting 100 billion points! His treasures all far exceed yours, he also had many encounters, still he fell.”

Luo Feng shook within, “I will be prudent.”

Right.

He had thought that he had many techniques and methods. However, he recalled the last few words Hu Yan Bo had told Babata to tell him…One had to always hold respect for the universe, and keep a humble heart. This was the mindset of a lone warrior undying exploring the universe.

“Never ever get proud, the moment you get careless, you might lose your life.” Luo Feng warned himself.

“The inter race wars are extremely brutal, as they are wars for survival, over countless years, countless warriors have fallen. The grudge between each race grows more and more, it’s already reached a very terrifying level!” The city leader turned and looked at the vast land of countless corpses, “Look at all these bodies.”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng looked about, countless bodies, some as big as 1,000km tall, some less than half a meter, some metal life forms, energy life forms etc…the energy levels were all different, some no weaker than a living Shi Huo knight.

“These are all beings I’ve killed personally.” He said softly. “Just me alone, I’ve killed countless other warriors, and this is not even a fraction of it, there are many that have been reduced to nothing by energy ripples.”

“Humanity hates other races.”

“They hate us too.”

“It’s not clear who’s right or wrong, or maybe nobody’s wrong, it’s simply for survival. A weaker race will want to get stronger, the strong will find ways to control and stop them.” The city leader said softly. “The massacres are endless. Even though I have the ability to revive, the cost of it is too much.”

“Revival?” Luo Feng was shocked.

The city leader glanced at Luo Feng, “Universe masters control time and space, naturally they can reverse time and space!”

“Even if you die! I can reverse time and space and return it to a time before you died, reviving you within.” The city leader shook his head and sighed. “The theory is simple, the cost however is extremely high. Afterall, reviving a soul that had been destroyed goes against the universe laws, it would get a backlash from the universe laws.”

“I can withstand the backlash from reviving an official or emperor level undying.”

“However, if I revive a knight, even I would be heavily injured. Some pinnacle beings amongst the knights, like Xi Luo Duo…if I revive him, just the backlash alone would probably make me fall.” The city leader said, “If I die, there’s no one that can revive me.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

What a terrifying price.

The backlash from reviving a knight was actually enough to heavily damage the primal chaos city leader. Reviving a pinnacle being like Xi Luo Duo would even make him fall.

“Reversing time and space, reviving the dead, one would not only receive a backlash from the universe laws.” He shook his head, “There are many flaws in this heavenly technique, of which I cannot explain everything shortly, it makes it so that I can only try to bring you back if you die. Like your senior Ke Di, I had no way to revive him. Hence you have to be prudent…when they make a move against you, they’ll definitely think of a way to stop me from reviving you.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Remember!” He emphasized, “The most important thing is that don’t ever let your soul be possessed or taken control of. The moment you become a soul slave, even I have no way to save you.”

Luo Feng was shocked, becoming a soul slave was indeed the end.

“If you receive a soul attack you cannot withstand, self destruct. That would still be the better choice than becoming a soul slave.” He stared at Luo Feng.

“Self destruct?” Luo Feng nodded.

“This is my keepsake.” He flipped his hand, a gold card appeared, on it were faint engravings, the picture of a city.

Luo Feng received it respectfully.

“If you encounter a danger you cannot deal with, you can immediately destroy this card. The material that makes up this card is very weak, it’s only C9 grade alloy, you can easily destroy it. It has my spirit imprint, and the moment you destroy it, I will know and will rush over in a short time!” The city leader emphasized.

Luo Feng nodded.

“Of course…I hope you won’t ever be forced to use it.” The city leader looked at him, “I hope…for you to rely on your own strength and become an absolute warrior. Then the other races cannot touch you. Before you leave, I have one last thing to tell you…”

“Remember, survival is number 1.” He emphasized, “With an absolute survival method, the other races won’t dare to mess with you. Like undying knight of the Huge Axe Dojo…his strength is at knight pinnacle level, however his survival ability is very strong. Even the universe masters would find it extremely hard to kill him. The moment one cannot kill…he would get revenge, while he may not be your match, he can take it out on your disciples and race people.”

Luo Feng got a revelation as he heard this.

Right.

Survival ability was not something to be messed with. If you can’t kill him, don’t make a move against him, otherwise messing with such an unkillable enemy would bring only trouble.

“I do not need you to become like undying knight, his survival ability is simply absurd. However try your best to raise your survival skills.” He emphasized, “Don’t ever think…that you are absolutely safe, even up to my level, I do not dare say such words.”

“I will remember this well.” Luo Feng said gratefully.

“Go on!”

“Go and explore the universe!” The city leader waved his hand.

Luo Feng knelt and bid goodbye to his teacher.

Shua!

Luo Feng was immediately warped out of the primal chaos ruins.

…

He glanced at the yard, then turned and left.

There were frequent ships that flew through the universe pathways between the primal universe and the Virtual Universe Company’s headquarters in the actual universe. Luo Feng decided to leave that day, checking up on the schedules and requesting to leave.

Sou!

He rushed into the sky and headed to the air, there floated a huge ship.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, we are all ready.” The purple robed undying stood there at the entrance and smiled passionately at him.

Luo Feng glanced back at primal chaos city. This was where he had lived for 1,200 years, the place where his teachers True Yan and the primal chaos city leader were.

“It’s time to go.”

He flew into the ship.

Hua!

The cabin door shut, “Rumble…” The ship began to fly deep through the primal chaos energies.


Chapter 750: Luo Feng’s Bug Army

Primal universe, Virtual Universe Company headquarters.

It was an extremely vast continent, bigger than even the Laos world of the gold horn race. This, was the Virtual Universe Company’s headquarters!

“Rumble….” Within the core, two heavy doors automatically opened, revealing a magnificent pathway.

This was the universe pathway!

It connected the primal universe with the actual universe, a ship flew through and later accelerated…within a few minutes, it finally landed at a gathering spot.

Hua! The cabin door opened.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, please.”

“Your majesty Luo Feng.”

Everyone else standing at the entrance was incredibly passionate and humble towards him, even the two emperor level undyings stood at the side and allowed him to pass first! The news of every disciple of the primal chaos city leader was made public, and their position was incredibly high. Luo Feng’s authority naturally stood above many emperor level undyings now.

He stepped out and landed on the ground.

“Your majesty Luo feng, this way please, we will swiftly leave the headquarters. And along this way…you will find the gathering spot 3 space.” The host of the universe ship guided him passionately.

“Thank you.” Luo Feng smiled.

“No problem.” The host said.

Luo feng turned and walked alone towards the pathway that headed towards the 3rd gathering space.

…

As he walked along, Luo Feng easily crossed hundreds of thousands of km every second, after a few minutes, he reached the pathway.

“Wow.” Luo Feng looked at the screen before him. He couldn’t help but exclaim, “36 fixed space pathways!”

These 36 pathways were headed in 36 different sections of humanity’s territories. One had to know that the costs of god country teleportation were incredibly shocking, and these fixed pathways connected the headquarters to many regions, as many undyings frequently used these. As the demand was huge, it had become the norm.

Since the costs were much lower, even those able to use god country teleportation would rather use these pathways. Saving money!

Luo Feng naturally didn’t lack money, he was even nurturing 3 star eating plants and a cloud contact vine, and he had successfully made the 100 vine star eating plant breakthrough to undying. He was able to use god country teleportation. It was a pity the time it had become undying had been too short, he hadn’t left any markers about the universe, hence he couldn’t use it to teleport to other areas.

“Hm! With the 100 vine plant breaking through to undying, I can make a few hidden undying crystals from the plant.” Luo Feng thought. “In dire times, I’ll be able to teleport to these places.”

“Your majesty Luo feng?”

A smartly dressed green skinned man walked over from afar, his body emanated powerful life energy.

“Hm? Undying?” Luo Feng looked at him curiously. Most of the staff around were all sector lords or domain lords, there were very few undyings sent here to do work. From the looks of it…he should be the head of the staff here.

“Your majesty has requested to be sent to the 9th division, we received the news long ago. Hence I, Pupuka, have been here waiting for you. Please follow me.” The green skinned man smiled.

“Thank you.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Haha, no problem.” After getting Luo Feng’s thanks, this Pupuka who was in charge of the 3rd gathering spot was all smiles. He passionately led Luo Feng to a space pathway. The space pathway… from a glance, was just like a rippling water screen.

“9th division, it’s the closest to Wu Long starfield.” Pupuka said passionately.

Luo Feng nodded.

He stepped through the water screen.

…

The space pathways were using the god countries and teleportation points. These undyings had given up their god countries, of course… even under such circumstances, their god countries were kept incredibly safe.

Through the space pathway, in an instant, they travelled over a hundred million light years. After which Luo Feng sat in the Yun Mo planet ship and began to head to Wu Long starfield.

Within the control room.

Luo Feng was sipping some wine, pondering.

“While travelling at a steady 50 times light speed, in half a month, we’ll arrive at Wu Long starfield.” Babata said.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng nodded, sending his consciousness into the virtual universe network.

…

Virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain Primal region, sitting before his desk, he gently tapped the screen on his laptop.

“Purchasing 10,000 sector lord pinnacle bug clan corpse units.”

“Confirm.”

“With a 60% discount, it costs 60 million points.”

“Points deducted.”

Luo Feng looked at his remaining points, he only had 180 million points left, he couldn’t help but exclaim at his lack of points. However…these were meant to be used in crucial times. Hence, buying the 10,000 sector lord pinnacle bug corpse units was already something he had planned long ago.

“Du!”

“Your majesty Luo Feng, you just purchased 10,000 sector lord pinnacle bug corpse units. Where should we send it to?” A voice resounded from the screen.

“I will go directly to Wulong to starfield to pick them.” Luo Feng said.

After which he closed the call.

Luo Feng revealed a smile, disconnecting from the virtual universe.

Within his vast internal world.

Bug clan island.

Countless 30m tall sector lord pinnacle tiger armored bugs lived on this island. There were also few 20m tall, streamlined Hunting mantis kings, and even fewer 6m tall Shadow spear kings! And right in the center of the island, was an over 1,000m tall mother nest.

Sou!

Mosha Luo feng appeared in mid air and floated above the island.

“Alina.” Luo Feng gazed downwards.

“Master.” A beam of light shot out from the mother nest, it was the absolute beauty bug clan queen Alina.

Rumble!

Millions of sector lord pinnacle bugs all knelt down respectfully, showing their respect to Luo Feng.

“There are 3 million tiger armored bugs, 10,000 hunting mantis kings and 1,000 shadow spear kings.” Black clothed Luo Feng smiled, “Alina, you’ve done well.”

“Working for master is my honor.” Her voice was gentle.

Luo Feng nodded.

The last time he came to Wu Long starfield he had taken away 400 units of sector lord bug corpses, of which 300 units were taken when he was ambushed. Those however weren’t considered top tier! It could at most produce about over 3 million tiger armored bugs, and the 100 units he had bought was the best, it could produce close to 1.8 million tiger armored bugs.

With the 2 combined!

He finally managed to get 3 million tiger armored bugs, 10,000 hunting mantis kings and 1,000 shadow spear kings.

The number of soldiers the bug clan queen could control was limited. For example, if she wanted to control all of them to attack at once, that was not possible. She could at most control 10,000 of them to do it! This was the limit, the moment the number exceeded that, she would be unable to make all of them attack.

As the numbers grew, the control would get more ragged.

When the numbers reached 1 million, the queen could at most control countless soldiers to attack and withdraw, as for the precision…it wasn’t as precise.

If the numbers exceeded 1 million, reaching a few millions and above 10 million!

She would be unable to even gather all of them in one spot.

“10,000 was the limit.”

“1 million was another barrier.” Luo Feng thought.” As long as the soldier numbers are within 10,000, the soldiers would be precise, even infused with laws, akin to humans. When their numbers are within 1 million…it can at most be like a perfect army, coordinated and directed. But, anything over that…it would get messy.”

This was also why the undying bug clan queen would never control over 10,000 undying bug soldiers!

“Alina.” Luo Feng said.

“Master.” She replied respectfully.

“I’m prepared to make a million king soldier army.” Luo Feng said.

“Bug clan kings, 1 million?” She was shocked.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, “Tiger armored kings.”

Tiger armored bugs were huge with strong defense and attack.

Compared to the hunting mantis, they were slower. However in other areas, they were comparable. For the million strong army, speed wasn’t a required thing.

“Master, creating 1 sector lord pinnacle tiger armored king, has the cost of creating 100 sector lord pinnacle normal tiger armored bugs.” Alina said, “The king’s body is incredibly tough, his strength and attacks are about 10 times that of a normal tiger armored bugs.” She said.

If the million strong tiger armored bug army, battled against a 10,000 tiger armored king army.

The million strong army would definitely win!

However…

One hundred million tiger armored bugs army, compared to a million strong king army, the million kings would definitely win. As it exceeds one million…with just Alina controlling everything, she wouldn’t be able to control so many soldiers.

“Master, you are sure you want to make them?” she asked.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, “How long will it take?”

“Producing the kings will actually be faster.” She said. “As I can easily make endless streams of star and universe levels tiger armored bugs, the burden on me is actually less. It’ll take more time during their killing and massacre process, producing the many sector lord pinnacle tier armored kings! I can probably produce about 100 every day.”

“100 a day…The million strong army will take 30 years.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Thanks for your work Alina.” Luo Feng said.

“No trouble at all.” She said happily. “Producing soldiers is a way for the queen to strengthen herself, I’ve never had so many materials before for me to make so many soldiers.”

Luo Feng smiled, “The bug corpses will come in about half a month.”

The ship continued to progress, after half a month of flying, it finally reached Wu Long starfield.

“Wu Long starfield.”

Luo Feng stood within the control room, gazing at the endless vast goods that filled up the entire space. “Million sector lord king army! Also…Mysterious Silver armor! These two are extremely important in my plans, finally…they’ll be in my hands.”


Chapter 751: Wu Long Starfield

Wu Long starfield, Long Jue emperor’s palace.

At this time, the 5 managers of Wu Long starfield were gathered here.

“Life is so fickle, Luo Feng was so pitiful the last time he was bullied by Yan Zhu emperor. In the blink of an eye, only a few thousand years have passed.” Long Jue emperor shook his head. “The tables have turned now, Yan Zhu is now in the 9th jail hell, imprisoned for 1,000 eras, and Luo Feng is soaring, becoming the disciple of the primal chaos city leader.”

“Long Jue emperor, you’ll have to help us this time.” The skinny Da Nian emperor put down his wine glass. “The last time Yan Zhu treated Luo feng like that, we all didn’t even stop him. I’m afraid…he will remember it.”

“Hm.” Yin Ge emperor nodded too.

“Long Jue emperor, we’ll rely on you to persuade him.” Ceng Yu emperor said.

To be able to take on the position of manager here, it showed they all knew how to deal with people. They were clear on the fact that even though Luo Feng was still unable to do anything to them, and they were a different level of power with him at the moment. However what about the future? The way he’s growing, he may become the new Shi Huo knight!

The moment his strength grew, dealing with them would be easy.

Those petty and vengeful warriors, there were plenty of them.

“Haha…relax.” Long Jue emperor nodded and smiled. He was however proud within, him helping them out would mean they would owe him a favor.

“I’ll have to thank his majesty Luo Feng too.” Beside them sat a handsome man.

In terms of beauty, Yan Zhu back then was so beautiful it was hard to tell whether he was a man or lady.

This man however was easily distinguishable as a man.

“If it weren’t for him, I wouldn’t be here.” The man smiled.

“Haha Qi Li emperor, you’ll have to thank him.”

“Hm, indeed.”

“Otherwise, Yan Zhu wouldn’t be chased away so easily.”

the other 4 all laughed.

Suddenly…

“Lord, lord.” A silver armored sector lord rushed in from outside, kneeling respectfully, “His majesty Luo Feng has already arrived.”

“Luo Feng?” Long Jue and the others were shocked.

Hua.

The 5 got up simultaneously.

“Let’s go welcome him.” Da Nian Emperor said.

“Hm.”

The 5 managers rushed out, as they were clear on Luo Feng’s relationship with Long Jue emperor. They guessed that he would come here first, hence they had all gathered here to welcome him.

Outside the palace.

Luo Feng had already kept his Yun Mo planet ship and stood outside the entrance.

“Luo Feng.” A powerful voice resounded.

Luo Feng turned and saw 5 people approaching, smiling, “Long Jue emperor, ah, Da Nian emperor, Yin Ge emperor, Ceng Yu emperor too.” Even though he wasn’t vengeful against the other 3 emperors, he didn’t have a good impression of them. Back then when Yan Zhu wanted to jail him in the jail hell, the 3 simply stood there and did nothing to stop him.

“We knew that you were coming, so we’ve been waiting for you here.” The tall and skinny Da Nian emperor smiled.

“Ah.” Luo Feng nodded without saying anything else.

“Luo Feng, let me introduce you.” Long Jue emperor smiled and pointed to the handsome man beside him, “This is Qi Li emperor from the Huge Axe Dojo.”

“Qi Li emperor?” Luo Feng looked over.

Damn.

Another handsome fellow. Back then Yan Zhu had reached such a level of beauty, and even though this man before him wasn’t at that level, he was definitely a dashing guy.

“The emperors that the Huge Axe Dojo sends out, are they all handsome fellows?” Luo Feng muttered to himself.

“Greetings your majesty.” Qi Li smiled. “I just took on this position, haha, I really have to thank you for this. If it weren’t for your incident and Yan Zhu emperor being locked up in the 9th jail hell, I wouldn’t be here… Thank you your majesty.”

Luo feng immediately smiled, ah, looks like this Qi Li wasn’t on the same side as Yan Zhu.

“Luo feng, let’s go in, we can sit and discuss matters.” Long Jue emperor said.

“Go go go, let’s go in.”

“Your majesty, please.”

They were all incredibly passionate, as Luo feng showed them respect. With the 5 managers’ welcoming him, he entered the palace. This scene made all the sector lord guards about mutter amongst themselves…just who was this, able to make the 5 managers welcome him so passionately.

…

Within the palace.

A luxurious banquet was spread out as the 6 of them sat down.

“In the blink of an eye, 4,000 years had passed already. In the past, Luo Feng you were still a normal primal region member. Now, you’ve already become the primal chaos city leader’s disciple.” Long Jue emperor lifted his wine glass, “I respect you, come, let’s toast to that.”

“Damn.”

Everybody lifted their glasses, Luo Feng followed suit.

Bottoms up!

“Luo…” Long Jue emperor was about to say something when Luo feng smiled, “Long Jue emperor, we can discuss these later. I’m here at Wu Long starfield this time to purchase bug corpse units, naturally I want to go search for treasure too. Hence, we’ll discuss business first and settle the matters.”

“Alright, we’ll get to work.” Long Jue emperor nodded.

“We should get to work.”

“Business is more important.” The other managers all chimed in.

Luo Feng was shocked.

There was a saying on earth, “The poor are ignored in the busiest streets, the rich will find relatives in the deepest mountains” One theory, when one is weak, the emperors with power didn’t care about him at all, they were all either cold or arrogant before him, in all, they weren’t exactly smiling when they met him the first time.

However after he became the disciple of the primal chaos city leader, every word he said, they complied.

“Forget it.” Luo Feng’s dissatisfaction towards them within dissolved. “They are all in charge of business departments, they should be used to such matters.”

“Luo Feng, you purchased 10,000 sector lord pinnacle bug corpse units, since you’ve already ordered, then it’s simple.” Long Jue emperor smiled, “I’ll arrange for people to go to the storage area and bring over the 10,000 units. Ah, since the size of this deal is huge, it’ll have to go and discuss it with the other 4 managers.”

“No problem.”

“I will definitely pick the best 10,000 units for your majesty.”

“Relax.”

Qi Li emperor was still ok. The other 3 were obviously much more passionate than before, they were obviously trying to make amends for the actions before, since their goal was achieved, Luo Feng was pleased with the scene.

“How long will it take?” Luo Feng asked.

“Within 10 days.” Long Jue emperor said confidently.

“So fast?” Luo Feng was shocked.

The last time he bought 100 units, it took quite long. But this time it was 10,000 units, the time required however was shorter.

“I’ll arrange for 100 members to head straight to where the best units are kept.” Yin Ge emperor laughed. “Naturally it’ll be very fast. Your majesty just needs to rest here, and within 10 days you’ll receive your bug corpses.”

…

Within his 10 short days in Wu Long Starfield, the 5 emperors brainstormed and used all sorts of methods to make him happy and enjoy his stay. Luo Feng realized just how important strength and position was.

“Your majesty.” Long Jue emperor’s voice resounded within the entire palace.

Luo feng walked out.

Two maids stood by the entrance, in the distance, Long Jue emperor swiftly walked over, one step crossing over 1,000km.

“Long Jue emperor.” Luo Feng smiled, “What’s the matter, have the bug corpse units all been gathered?”

“Yes they have.” Long Jue emperor nodded and smiled. With a flip of his hand, a black world ring appeared, “10,000 bug corpse units all in here.”

“Ah?”

Luo Feng received it happily. This world ring was without an owner, hence he easily used his world energy to enter it and begin to check the 10,000 sector lord pinnacle bug corpse units. From the looks of it, Luo Feng couldn’t help but reveal a smile.

“Long Jue emperor, Da Nian emperor, Yin Ge emperor, they were are generous and straightforward.” Luo Feng was happy. “These 10,000 units, their average standard is even better than the 100 units I bought the last time.”

The last time he bought 100 sector lord units, he could produce about 1.8 million tiger armored bugs, it was already top tier. And ordering through the virtual universe network, he also roughly knew the standards. If he had ordered the shipment to be sent to him, the 100 units he bought would roughly produce 1 million bug soldiers.

That meant, that the 10,000 bug units he ordered would probably be able to produce 1 million tiger armored kings!

However, he was delightfully surprised…

He had come personally to choose, and the 10,000 units the 5 managers had given him, were enough to create 2 million tiger armored kings!

“Double the amount.”

“60 million points, yet I managed to buy 120 million points worth of goods.”

“These 5 managers sure have treated me well.” He was happy within. “Of course…this is the overall wealth of humanity, not their own money.”

If Da Nian emperor and the others were to foot the bill, they probably wouldn’t have been so generous.

Long Jue emperor saw the look of glee on Luo Feng’s face, he laughed loudly, “How is it, is it good enough?”

“Very good, these units are really good.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Some of the units are bad while others are good. This time, the other emperors have really worked hard to pick the best ones to send over.” Long Jue emperor smiled. “The 3 have actually been trying hard to make amends for matters from before, we hope you don’t take it to heart.”

“I understand, Yan zhu emperor has Shi Huo knight behind him, I understand their actions.” Luo Feng nodded and smiled, “I don’t blame them.”

“Haha, that’s good.” Long Jue emperor nodded.

After getting some benefit, it was sort of a payment for before, Luo Feng naturally didn’t hold it to heart.

“I remember you wanted to head to rubbish mountain.” Long Jue emperor asked. “How long are you prepared to search for treasure?”

“Not more than a hundred years.” Luo Feng said.

The aim of this time was to collect enough silver fragments to form a silver armor. According to his estimate, a few decades should be enough.

“Ah…Here are 100 world rings, every one of them represents you can hunt for treasure for a year.” With a flip of his hand, Long Jue emperor retrieved 100 world rings. “Also, I’ll send you a surveillance map, with your authority, you can view it. When the time comes, you can freely search for the treasures without needing anybody to follow you.”

Rate Translation Quality

5 comments ，join in

Chapter 752: Silver Armor

Luo Feng received the 100 world rings. These sort of huge deals normally came with free chances to hunt for treasure. Buying 10,000 bug corpse units was 100 times that of the previous time, naturally he had 100 years to hunt for treasure.

“Searching about freely within Wu Long starfield would be much better.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Haha, connect to the virtual universe network.” Long Jue emperor said. “I will send the map to you, this has to pass the audit of the virtual universe system.”

“Hm.” Luo feng nodded.

The virtual universe system had many abilities, witnessing, audit etc.

Like the Universe 1st Bank, the Universe Galaxy Bank, the Universe Mercenary Alliance, the Huge Axe Dojo, they all had to use this virtual universe network. This made it so that Luo Feng could not help but exclaim again despite knowing how powerful it was.

…

After awhile, Luo Feng got the authority and the screen on his arm displayed the entire Wu long starfield map.

“Long Jue emperor, I’ll be heading out to hunt for treasure.” Luo Feng smiled.

“I hope you get a treasure.” Long Jue said.

“Haha…” Luo feng smiled, becoming a beam of light and leaving the palace.

Watching him leave, Long Jue couldn’t help but exclaim, “He’s actually wasting time by hunting for treasure? Hm, now that he’s sector lord level…he should be about to go through life or death training. But, before that, he probably wants to relax a little by hunting for treasure. Pitiful punk, who knows whether he can survive the training.”

In history, there were simply too many absolute geniuses that had fallen during this period of training.

Without it, they would never truly become strong warriors.

Despite knowing of the dangers, humanity still sent their sector lord geniuses to go through these trials.

Wu Long starfield, the entire starfield was filled with countless remains from the inter race wars, all sorts of remains were lying around, naturally they were still neatly organized.

“I always had guides beside me the last time I searched for the fragments, it was so troublesome. This time is better…being alone, I can be free.” Luo feng sat in his universe ship and looked at the map on his arm screen. “Hm, there are so many white dots on the map, they should all be internal members. This red light…ah, the place I’m at also has a red dot, looks like it represents an outsider.”

Very quickly, Luo Feng understood the map system.

The authority required for the map system wasn’t exactly very high. One had to know that these internal members were all simply staff members, with Luo Feng’s current level of authority, it was easy for him to get it.

“Babata, we’ll stop here.”

“Understood.”

The Yun mo planet ship swiftly slowed down and stopped, returning to the actual universe.

Chi!

Wu Long starfield, a blood colored triangular ship stopped at one of the stop points.

“Hm?” Luo Feng flew out.

“Calling!”

Luo Feng could once again feel the calling. Turning into the distance, “That way, there are fragments there.”

With a flip of his hand, he kept the Yun Mo planet ship and flew swiftly in that direction. He accelerated and quickly reached light speed, flying at about 280,000 km per second.

…

Light speed was the limit of the actual universe, accelerating past that would send one straight into the dark universe, going through universe travel.

Undyings were all capable of doing that with their bodies alone.

Sector lords were mostly unable to do that. Normal sector lord pinnacle humans usually only reached up to 150,000 km per second, the main thing was their body structures weren’t strong enough. Hence, as they accelerate faster and faster, the burden on their bodies would increase! It would compound and get heavier on them.

The golden horned beast’s body was huge, it was able to go through universe travel with its body.

These are extremely rare!

Even after training in the nameless manual, Luo Feng’s body structure was 3 times stronger than that of a normal sector lord pinnacle, yet he still couldn’t do it. However, he had the soldier armor on him now. Back when he was domain lord pinnacle, he was unable to unleash its true strength, now however, he could do it.

The soldier armor could unleash 1,000 times that of a sector lord pinnacle strength.

In acceleration, this armor could withstand most of the burden, allowing him to easily reach 280,000 km per second, even reaching lightspeed…that wasn’t a hard thing.

“Haha, my luck is not bad.”

“Just from this trip, I’ve discovered 2 silver fragments.” Luo Feng stood within a rubbish mountain, filled with glee. He was happy, “The last time, it took 2 years for me to collect 232 black fragments and 12 silver fragments along with 1 shard. I was only able to assemble 2 full soldier armors.

Soldier armor, it was incredible.

It’s defense was strong, its strength was also incredible, and it also had some effect withstanding spirit energy attacks.

However, it’s ability to give an additional 1,000 sector lord pinnacles’ amount of strength, it was not bad for the golden horned beast back then, but after 1,200 years in primal chaos city, the current beast was much stronger than before…just one soldier armor didn’t do much for it.

One had to know the basic strength of the beast alone was 30 times that of a human (Normal golden horned beasts were 10 times that of humans, but training in the nameless manual, it became 30)!

With the blood river energy triggered, it was 11 times.

And with Deities of the world (7.5 times) and it’s natural ability Strengthen (2 times) it could raise its strength a total of 15 times!

In total, it added up to 4,950 times that of a sector lord’s strength! The reason it was so ridiculous was mainly due to the nameless manual and the blood river energy. Without these twothe beast would only be 150 times that of a human sector lord. It would have been only be a normal golden horned beast sector lord pinnacle level.

The blood river energy and the nameless manual allowed it’s body strength to increase a lot! The soldier armor’s effect…was naturally not as obvious.

Luo Feng stood within Wu Long starfield, almost like treasure hunting rat, searching within the mountains.

Searching for the silver fragments was incredibly tough. His efficiency was not bad at first, however as time went on…it began to decrease. Along the way, he had already collected a few other soldier armors. It was obviously much easier to find the black fragments, the main aim for him this time however was to get the silver fragments.

Luo Feng didn’t give up.

Actually, he had only sent out a thread of consciousness to search for treasures, the golden horned beast and mosha bodies were studying the 2nd level of the Nan shen 7 armaments.

…

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain island, 9 star bay.

“Dad!”

“Dad!”

Luo Ping and Luo Hai shouted outside the door.

“Luo Ping, Luo Hai, your dad just returned. Can’t you let me have some time alone with him first.” Xu Xin said unhappily, “Come in.”

“Didn’t he come back frequently these 21 years.” Luo Hai laughed loudly and stepped in.

The 2 youths stepped in, even though they had lived for over 4,000 years, they hadn’t aged at all. Among the two of them, Luo Ping was much more poised, he was managing the entire family matters, he was the main authority within the family. Since, he was normally calm and collected, naturally the aura he gave off was so.

Luo Hai was the exact opposite, almost like an uncivilized bandit, his eyes burning with fighting spirit.

Two sons with two different characters.

“Dad, have you been in Wu Long starfield these past 21 years?” Luo Hai asked.

“Hm.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

Collecting a full silver armor wasn’t easy,, he hadn’t succeeded yet.

What’s more, his plan was to collect 2!

He had to spend quite some time at Wu Long starfield. A sharpened knife was much more effective than a blunt one, only with proper preparation could he head out into the outer region wars fully prepared.

“After Wu Long starfield is done, you’ll head to the outer region wars?” Luo Hai couldn’t help but ask. “Dad, can you take me along? I have a sector lord plant life form, it’s very safe.”

“You?”

Luo Feng shook his head, “You are still far from it. Even with the plant life form, your body is only domain lord level 9…you’ll be cannon fodder in the outer region wars. A strong spirit attack from the other races will easily kill you. Even I have to be extremely careful there, I won’t have a way to protect you at all. Just focus on your training, exploring within humanity’s territories. Don’t think about the outer region wars yet, when you reach sector lord pinnacle and you have the strength of an undying, then we’ll talk.”

“Ah.” Luo Hai drooped his head and replied, within the family, he feared nothing and was almost like a tyrant.

However, he truly feared his father.

“Calm down, “Luo Feng ordered. “You have resources many will never have, treasure them.”

“Understood dad.” Luo Hai replied.

The Luo Family was currently one of the biggest families in the Ganwu universe countries, naturally it had to have some backing. Back when earth was eyed by many knights and Luo Feng made the deal with the Virtual Universe Company, he placed about 10 million mixed elements worth of Luo Ke holy water within the family to nurture plant life forms.

10 million mixed elements worth of Luo Ke holy water, it was enough to nurture 100 sector lord level 9 plant life forms.

And he had plenty of it, this was but a small portion.

Of course, the family was still weak now. Without an undying within, Luo Feng didn’t dare leave too many treasures within the family. However, with the main location on earth, it was extremely safe.

“Hm?” Luo Feng suddenly revealed a look of glee.

“What’s up dad?” Luo Hai asked loudly.

“Dad?” Luo Ping looked curiously at him too.

“Good thing.” Luo Feng smiled.

…

Wu Long Starfield, within a rubbish mountain.

“How many years has it been, 21 years. I’ve collected a total of 1,985 black fragments before finally completing 113 silver fragments.” Luo Feng stood within the mountain. He forced the soldier armor pearl out from his body, then the large amounts of silver fragments entered and a special change began to occur.

Fusion!

Luo Feng had experienced this before, he knew what it meant…the silver armor was complete!

Large amounts of silver liquid gathered within his body until it reached its limit!

Rumble!

A change happened instantly!

Luo Feng felt his entire body shudder, after which, a mysterious word appeared on his chest. This was a dark silver word imprint, it was the Flame God race word…General!

Luo Feng looked down at the silver world on his chest and muttered softly, “General?”



Luo Feng received the 100 world rings. These sort of huge deals normally came with free chances to hunt for treasure. Buying 10,000 bug corpse units was 100 times that of the previous time, naturally he had 100 years to hunt for treasure.

“Searching about freely within Wu Long starfield would be much better.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Haha, connect to the virtual universe network.” Long Jue emperor said. “I will send the map to you, this has to pass the audit of the virtual universe system.”

“Hm.” Luo feng nodded.

The virtual universe system had many abilities, witnessing, audit etc.

Like the Universe 1st Bank, the Universe Galaxy Bank, the Universe Mercenary Alliance, the Huge Axe Dojo, they all had to use this virtual universe network. This made it so that Luo Feng could not help but exclaim again despite knowing how powerful it was.

…

After awhile, Luo Feng got the authority and the screen on his arm displayed the entire Wu long starfield map.

“Long Jue emperor, I’ll be heading out to hunt for treasure.” Luo Feng smiled.

“I hope you get a treasure.” Long Jue said.

“Haha…” Luo feng smiled, becoming a beam of light and leaving the palace.

Watching him leave, Long Jue couldn’t help but exclaim, “He’s actually wasting time by hunting for treasure? Hm, now that he’s sector lord level…he should be about to go through life or death training. But, before that, he probably wants to relax a little by hunting for treasure. Pitiful punk, who knows whether he can survive the training.”

In history, there were simply too many absolute geniuses that had fallen during this period of training.

Without it, they would never truly become strong warriors.

Despite knowing of the dangers, humanity still sent their sector lord geniuses to go through these trials.

Wu Long starfield, the entire starfield was filled with countless remains from the inter race wars, all sorts of remains were lying around, naturally they were still neatly organized.

“I always had guides beside me the last time I searched for the fragments, it was so troublesome. This time is better…being alone, I can be free.” Luo feng sat in his universe ship and looked at the map on his arm screen. “Hm, there are so many white dots on the map, they should all be internal members. This red light…ah, the place I’m at also has a red dot, looks like it represents an outsider.”

Very quickly, Luo Feng understood the map system.

The authority required for the map system wasn’t exactly very high. One had to know that these internal members were all simply staff members, with Luo Feng’s current level of authority, it was easy for him to get it.

“Babata, we’ll stop here.”

“Understood.”

The Yun mo planet ship swiftly slowed down and stopped, returning to the actual universe.

Chi!

Wu Long starfield, a blood colored triangular ship stopped at one of the stop points.

“Hm?” Luo Feng flew out.

“Calling!”

Luo Feng could once again feel the calling. Turning into the distance, “That way, there are fragments there.”

With a flip of his hand, he kept the Yun Mo planet ship and flew swiftly in that direction. He accelerated and quickly reached light speed, flying at about 280,000 km per second.

…

Light speed was the limit of the actual universe, accelerating past that would send one straight into the dark universe, going through universe travel.

Undyings were all capable of doing that with their bodies alone.

Sector lords were mostly unable to do that. Normal sector lord pinnacle humans usually only reached up to 150,000 km per second, the main thing was their body structures weren’t strong enough. Hence, as they accelerate faster and faster, the burden on their bodies would increase! It would compound and get heavier on them. The golden horned beast’s body was huge, it was able to go through universe travel with its body.

These are extremely rare!

Even after training in the nameless manual, Luo Feng’s body structure was 3 times stronger than that of a normal sector lord pinnacle, yet he still couldn’t do it. However, he had the soldier armor on him now. Back when he was domain lord pinnacle, he was unable to unleash its true strength, now however, he could do it.

The soldier armor could unleash 1,000 times that of a sector lord pinnacle strength.

In acceleration, this armor could withstand most of the burden, allowing him to easily reach 280,000 km per second, even reaching lightspeed…that wasn’t a hard thing.

“Haha, my luck is not bad.”

“Just from this trip, I’ve discovered 2 silver fragments.” Luo Feng stood within a rubbish mountain, filled with glee. He was happy, “The last time, it took 2 years for me to collect 232 black fragments and 12 silver fragments along with 1 shard. I was only able to assemble 2 full soldier armors.

Soldier armor, it was incredible.

It’s defense was strong, its strength was also incredible, and it also had some effect withstanding spirit energy attacks.

However, it’s ability to give an additional 1,000 sector lord pinnacles’ amount of strength, it was not bad for the golden horned beast back then, but after 1,200 years in primal chaos city, the current beast was much stronger than before…just one soldier armor didn’t do much for it.

One had to know the basic strength of the beast alone was 30 times that of a human (Normal golden horned beasts were 10 times that of humans, but training in the nameless manual, it became 30)!

With the blood river energy triggered, it was 11 times.

And with Deities of the world (7.5 times) and it’s natural ability Strengthen (2 times) it could raise its strength a total of 15 times!

In total, it added up to 4,950 times that of a sector lord’s strength! The reason it was so ridiculous was mainly due to the nameless manual and the blood river energy. Without these twothe beast would only be 150 times that of a human sector lord. It would have been only be a normal golden horned beast sector lord pinnacle level.

The blood river energy and the nameless manual allowed it’s body strength to increase a lot! The soldier armor’s effect…was naturally not as obvious.

Luo Feng stood within Wu Long starfield, almost like treasure hunting rat, searching within the mountains.

Searching for the silver fragments was incredibly tough. His efficiency was not bad at first, however as time went on…it began to decrease. Along the way, he had already collected a few other soldier armors. It was obviously much easier to find the black fragments, the main aim for him this time however was to get the silver fragments.

Luo Feng didn’t give up.

Actually, he had only sent out a thread of consciousness to search for treasures, the golden horned beast and mosha bodies were studying the 2nd level of the Nan shen 7 armaments.

…

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain island, 9 star bay.

“Dad!”

“Dad!”

Luo Ping and Luo Hai shouted outside the door.

“Luo Ping, Luo Hai, your dad just returned. Can’t you let me have some time alone with him first.” Xu Xin said unhappily, “Come in.”

“Didn’t he come back frequently these 21 years.” Luo Hai laughed loudly and stepped in.

The 2 youths stepped in, even though they had lived for over 4,000 years, they hadn’t aged at all. Among the two of them, Luo Ping was much more poised, he was managing the entire family matters, he was the main authority within the family. Since, he was normally calm and collected, naturally the aura he gave off was so.

Luo Hai was the exact opposite, almost like an uncivilized bandit, his eyes burning with fighting spirit.

Two sons with two different characters.

“Dad, have you been in Wu Long starfield these past 21 years?” Luo Hai asked.

“Hm.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

Collecting a full silver armor wasn’t easy,, he hadn’t succeeded yet.

What’s more, his plan was to collect 2!

He had to spend quite some time at Wu Long starfield. A sharpened knife was much more effective than a blunt one, only with proper preparation could he head out into the outer region wars fully prepared.

“After Wu Long starfield is done, you’ll head to the outer region wars?” Luo Hai couldn’t help but ask. “Dad, can you take me along? I have a sector lord plant life form, it’s very safe.”

“You?”

Luo Feng shook his head, “You are still far from it. Even with the plant life form, your body is only domain lord level 9…you’ll be cannon fodder in the outer region wars. A strong spirit attack from the other races will easily kill you. Even I have to be extremely careful there, I won’t have a way to protect you at all. Just focus on your training, exploring within humanity’s territories. Don’t think about the outer region wars yet, when you reach sector lord pinnacle and you have the strength of an undying, then we’ll talk.”

“Ah.” Luo Hai drooped his head and replied, within the family, he feared nothing and was almost like a tyrant.

However, he truly feared his father.

“Calm down, “Luo Feng ordered. “You have resources many will never have, treasure them.”

“Understood dad.” Luo Hai replied.

The Luo Family was currently one of the biggest families in the Ganwu universe countries, naturally it had to have some backing. Back when earth was eyed by many knights and Luo Feng made the deal with the Virtual Universe Company, he placed about 10 million mixed elements worth of Luo Ke holy water within the family to nurture plant life forms.

10 million mixed elements worth of Luo Ke holy water, it was enough to nurture 100 sector lord level 9 plant life forms.

And he had plenty of it, this was but a small portion.

Of course, the family was still weak now. Without an undying within, Luo Feng didn’t dare leave too many treasures within the family. However, with the main location on earth, it was extremely safe.

“Hm?” Luo Feng suddenly revealed a look of glee.

“What’s up dad?” Luo Hai asked loudly.

“Dad?” Luo Ping looked curiously at him too.

“Good thing.” Luo Feng smiled.

…

Wu Long Starfield, within a rubbish mountain.

“How many years has it been, 21 years. I’ve collected a total of 1,985 black fragments before finally completing 113 silver fragments.” Luo Feng stood within the mountain. He forced the soldier armor pearl out from his body, then the large amounts of silver fragments entered and a special change began to occur.

Fusion!

Luo Feng had experienced this before, he knew what it meant…the silver armor was complete!

Large amounts of silver liquid gathered within his body until it reached its limit!

Rumble!

A change happened instantly!

Luo Feng felt his entire body shudder, after which, a mysterious word appeared on his chest. This was a dark silver word imprint, it was the Flame God race word…General!

Luo Feng looked down at the silver world on his chest and muttered softly, “General?”


Chapter 753: Cang Bird Star

Looking at the Flame god race words, many thoughts appeared in Luo Feng’s mind, the black armor before had the word soldier, this time it was General.

As the imprint disappeared under his skin with his thought, it vanished.

“Let’s feel its strength.” Luo Feng thought.

Rumble!

Countless silver threads swiftly expanded from the core imprint, almost like it entered every muscle, and every bit of skin throughout his body, also on the surface of his skin, a silver armor appeared, boots appearing below the soles of his feet. A silver mask and helmet appeared over his head.

Chi…Luo Feng took a deep breath, he could feel pain in every muscle throughout his body, almost like it was being torn apart.

This armor far exceeded the strength of the soldier armor.

With a push, he could already feel the limit of his body being reached…it made it extremely painful.

“I can only trigger about 1,200 times sector lord strength.” Luo Feng made his judgment, when one reached his level of strength, it was easy to make such accurate and precise measurements.

“Hm? When I use the soldier armor, I can easy trigger all of the armor’s power…1,000 times sector lord pinnacle.” Luo Feng pondered, “And according to the golden horned beast using the armor back then, normal human sector lord pinnacle can use this soldier armor. And I’m 3 times stronger than a normal human sector lord pinnacle! Yet, I can only use 200 times sector lord strength…”

He began to understand.

The further back it got, the harsher the requirements on the body.

…

“Looks like my body is still too weak, the soldier armor fits me better. This general armor…it’s too harsh on my body now.” Luo Feng thought, his guess wasn’t wrong, the soldier armor was the most basic armor…it was meant for sector lord pinnacles to use, and this general armor…was for undyings.

Naturally the requirements were much harsher.

“General pearl.” With a thought, he forced the General armor out into a pearl, this was a round silver ball, smaller than the soldier one by a little, on it the imprint General could be seen.

“I’ll let the golden horned beast try it. The beast’s body structure is much stronger than my earth body.” He thought.

Sou!

He sent the General pearl into his dark red world ring, the mosha body and the main core was hidden in this. This dark red world ring was the one he specially ordered while in primal chaos city, for the sake of safety, he spent 180,000 points.

Within his internal world, a vast grassland.

Howl…The mountain like golden horned beast howled, its voice filled with excitement, it forced out a black soldier pearl and it immediately fell on the grass beside.

After which it raised its majestic head and looked at the little General pearl, it extended its right claw and touched it, immediately… chi chi…the silver pearl entered its body, in an instant, the flame god race word General appeared on its chest and vanished after.

“General armor!”

“Trigger.”

The beast’s eyes gleamed with a gold light as it howled.

Rumble…

The imprint within its chest instantly triggered and countless silver threads spread out and covered every part of its muscles, skin, scales, immediately a powerful force spread throughout its body, the shocking amount of strength kept rising…rising…and rising!

1,000 times sector lord strength, 2,000 times! 3,000 times! 4,000! 5,000!

The severe pain spread too, almost like it was tearing apart its muscles.

Howl! The beast let out an enraged howl, even with its body strength, it couldn’t fully trigger the strength of the general armor. One had to know that a normal golden horned beast had 30 times a sector lord’s strength.

Howl…

It howled and immediately unleashed Deities of the world, immediately all its scales, muscles, internal organs and horns began to shrink, its density rising rapidly! As it shrank, the beast continued to trigger the General armor.

Its muscles, bones, scales and horn density kept rising…it was indeed able to withstand the strength of the armor!

6,000! 7,000! 8,000! 9,000! 10,000!

Rumble!

The beast no longer felt the fatigue from the armor, it had been pushed to its limit, and at this time, the beast had shrunk to about 300km long, one had to know that a sector lord pinnacle golden horned beast was usually about 1,000km long.

“Deities of the world had reached amplification of 3.3 times, the beast was about 30 times a normal human sector lord before…a total of 100 times.” Luo Feng nodded, “This is about the lowest level of a normal undying, looks like this general armor is for undyings afterall.”

“Shrink!”

“Shrink more.”

The beast howled and its huge body shrank even more, its muscles, bones, scale density all continued to rise, finally it stopped and it reached the limit of Deities of the world.

Using 2.12 billion points, Deities of the world’s amplification had risen from 5 times back then to 7.5.

“Easy, trigger the armor, chi chi…10,000 times sector lord strength, this is about an official level pinnacle, almost an emperor level.” The beast was now about a little over 100km long, still bigger than any mountain on earth, beside it a black clothed Luo Feng appeared, he muttered, “Combined with Sky tearing claw…and the Shi Wu wings teacher gave me, hehe…”

Luo Feng nodded satisfied.

Even though it was still far from his end goal, against a being like his teacher True Yan, he could still be instantly destroyed.

However at least the beast now had reached his short term goal.

“Not bad.” Luo Feng nodded satisfied.

The golden horned beast was considered his hidden trump card, after receiving guidance from his teacher the primal chaos city leader, Luo Feng didn’t dare feel proud, his possession of the beast was but an above average encounter, and he had only received 3 billion points, Ke Di had over a 100 billion back then.

Hence it was better to be humble, at least the current him, didn’t have the ability to kill an official level undying with an undying body.

…

After collecting one general armor, Luo Feng didn’t want to end it yet. His earth body may not be able to use the armor yet, but what about the future? He didn’t want to waste more time coming back here again to search for the fragments.

…

Years passed.

His earth body stayed and explored Wu Long starfield, constantly searching for silver armor fragments. The golden horned beast and the mosha clansman continued their training.

In t blink of an eye, he had stayed there for close to 60 years, another 3 months and it would be 6 decades.

“Haha.”

“Finally, finally, I’ve finally completed the second general armor.” A silver armor appeared on the surface of his skin, he was all smiles, “It gets harder and harder to find more silver fragments.”

The efficiency of the search dropped the more he searched.

It took 21 years for him to complete the 1st armor, and another 39 to complete the 2nd.

“I’ve completed 2 general armors, the soldier armor…I’ve collected a total of 58.” Luo Feng laughed, “That mysterious shard, I’ve got a total of 9 of them now, it’s a pity I still don’t know what it’s for now. Even though I can feel it’s calling, I cannot absorb it, dripping blood on it is useless too, and the spirit imprint cannot invade it.”

Luo Feng shook his head.

9 shards, he didn’t know what they were, at least how to make them recognize him.

With the 2 general armors, 58 soldier armors plus the 1st 2 soldier armors he got during the 1st time he was here, he had a total of 60 soldier armors.

“60 years, I finally got 2 general armors, my other trump card, the bug army now has a king army.” Luo Feng smiled.

Within his internal world.

Bug island.

Howl…The completely dark red tiger armored bug about 26 m tall was intrepid and thick, its compound eyes terrifying, in terms of height it was about 4m shorter than a normal tiger armored bug, its size smaller. However whether it was the shell strength, its power or speed, world energy gathering etc…it far exceeded a normal tiger armored bug.

King!

Every tiger armored king had a high cost of production, using universe crystals, it required 2,500 mixed elements! Enough to make a poorer normal undying go bankrupt, of course this was too extravagant.

“If I simply ordered them to be delivered, I’d only be able to produce 1 million kings.”

“However, since I personally came to choose the goods and made the deal with the 5 managers, I got twice the number.” Luo Feng was happy.

60 years.

Alina had produced a total of 1.5 million tiger armored kings along with 200,000 hunting mantis kings and 200,000 Shadow spear kings, the remaining corpses were used to create normal tiger armored bugs…her production days continued…

“Bug king army.” Luo Feng was very excited.

The strong all enjoyed the feeling of leading an army.

The million king army was indeed very powerful. It was at least 10 times stronger than a normal million strong army…one combined attack, if it hit, would even kill an emperor level undying. Of course the chances of it actually hitting was very very low, however with the bug queen commanding them, they naturally had other methods.

“I’ve completed the 2 missions I’ve come to Wu Long starfield for, the General armor and the bug king army.”

“Now that everything is settled, it’s time I left Wu Long starfield and headed to the outer region wars.”

As Luo Feng left, he was naturally sent off with a luxurious banquet thrown by Long Jue, Qi Li, In Ge, Da Nian and Cang Yu emperor.

“The shortest path from here to the outer region wars is to first head to Cang Bird star.” Long Jue emperor said, “That is a logistics base and troop transport point. A large number of the soldiers and many lone wolves wanting to participate in the wars can all head there and be sent out.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Since he was at Wu Long starfield, the natural path was to head to Cang bird star and be sent out from there.

“Thank you all for your hospitality, I’ll…be taking my leave.” Luo Feng laughed and got up.

“Be extremely careful.” Long Jue emperor said.

“The outer region wars are very dangerous, be on alert at all times.” Yin Ge emperor emphasized.

“Don’t get careless.”

The 5 emperors all reminded him strongly.

“Haha…I will definitely return alive from the outer region wars.” Luo Feng laughed, after which he turned and left, taking his ship and heading towards the troop deportation point Cang bird star!


Chapter 754: Sector Lord General

Cang Bird star, one of the 8 great logistics bases of humanity. It was also the transportation point for the universe army. Large amounts of the army would be sent to the outer region wars from here, it was a very important location.

“We’ve arrived.”

“That’s Cang Bird star.” Luo Feng gazed at the huge planet from his blood colored triangular ship. Cang Bird star had a diameter of 1.028 million km, it was a man made planet, it was a fortress.

“Du.”

“Luo Feng, we’ve received a signal from Cang Bird star.” Babata shouted from the control room, “It’s already been answered, just follow their instructions.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Sou!

The Yun Mo planet ship swiftly entered Cang Bird star.

Within its landing points.

“Wow, an F grade ship, completely covered in hybrid copper essence. This ship should at least be a few million mixed elements.” A silver armored man said shocked. At this time, Luo Feng flew out from the ship and kept it within his world ring.

“How are you, I’m a worker here.” The armored man smiled. He was shocked within, “Looking at his forehead, it’s a law recognized sector lord. A sector lord could actually afford a ship like this, he must have a huge background.”

Luo feng glanced at him, this man’s head was like a jellyfish, somewhat translucent.

“I requested to enter the outer region wars, where do I head to?” Luo Feng asked.

“The universe armies are all gather here. The lone wolves all follow this pathway to another gathering spot.” The man pointed to a distant transparent glass made pathway. “This pathway is over 3,000 km long, the end of it is where the gathering spot is.”

“Thanks.” Luo Feng nodded.

He followed the pathway, every step passing over a few tens of km. After awhile, he reached the end. It was a beautiful scenic plaza with over 10,000 people gathered there. As it was huge with a diameter over 100km, the 10,000 people barely filled it.

“How do you do, please head this way to rest.” An enchanting lady worker with a furry tail walked over and said.

“When will we head out to the wars?” Luo Feng asked.

“We have to hit a certain number of people, otherwise the cost of travel alone would be too high.” The lady smiled. “Sector lord, your timing is already good. Many like you have already been waiting here for 12 days. The lone wolves gathering are after all not like the armies. The armies that come here are all extremely vast, the lone wolves take time to fill up to hit a number.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He walked to the side. There were many alloy benches where many soldiers wanting to participate in the wars were scattered throughout, Luo Feng sat casually.

…

“Hey, how do you do.”

“Another has come?”

Two similar looking sector lords with fur on their faces like wolf men walked over.

Luo Feng looked up curiously at the two of them. These two were both sector lord pinnacle, and from their forehead, they were both recognized by their laws. One had to know that even though there were over 10,000 people there, most of them were domain lords, and very few of them were sector lords and universe level.

There were even less universe levels than domain lords, mainly because they were very weak. Few universe level lone wolves would come take part in the wars, just the far distance of flying alone would be a huge deterrence.

Luo Feng nodded, “I’m alone.”

“One person coming to Cang bird star alone, it must have been hard. We brothers took a ship over, it took a total of 12 years to get here.” The bigger wolfman sector lord smiled, after which, he and his brother sat on an opposite bench. With a flip of his hand, a bottle of wine and 3 glasses appeared.

World energy control.

He poured the wine and it floated before the 3 of them.

“Thanks.” Luo Feng lifted his glass. “I’m ok though. My travel time isn’t as long as 12 years.”

“Ah.” The wolfman laughed loudly. “I’m called Klaus and this is my younger brother Badi.” The skinnier wolf man seemed humble, he nodded at Luo Feng and said hi.

“I’m called…” Luo Feng muttered, “Madman.”

“Madman?”

The 2 wolfman sector lords knew straight away that was a nickname. And such a nickname was too common. Many within the army didn’t reveal their true names, they preferred nicknames. And 1 out of 100 were probably called madman.

They both felt like Luo Feng didn’t want to reveal his true name, naturally they didn’t ask.

“Ah, look, another sector lord has come.” The stronger looking wolfman looked into the distance.

Luo Feng glanced over, it was another sector lord.

“There are already 96 sector lords here.” The skinnier Ba Di said softly. “We are close to leaving.”

“They always have to gather 100 sector lords before sending out the troops. This is truly…after travelling in space for 12 years, I have to come here and wait even more. Not killing after so many years, my blade is starving.” The older brother said unhappily. Luo Feng answered sparsely to both of them, not revealing anything about himself.

Luo Feng was very clear, that as a disciple of the primal chaos city leader, there were many warriors out there that wanted to kill him. Caution was extremely important, it was best not to reveal his identity.

The strong were numerous as the wind in the outer region wars, if he revealed his identity early on, the dangers would probably multiply by 100 times.

…

Luo Feng waited for a day and the number of sector lords that arrived had finally reached 100.

“Universe level, gather here.”

“Domain lords, gather here.”

“Sector lords, all come here.”

The entrance of the pathway opened and over 10,000 lone wolves swiftly split apart. Luo Feng got up and gathered with the other sector lords. As they gathered, another one came, making the total number of sector lords 101. It made them all discuss about the luck of the last female sector lord…not having to wait at all.

“All sector lord soldiers, you will be heading to the most glorious and most brutal outer region wars.” An undying emanating powerful killing aura. His entire body looked like it was made of metal that stood before them, “However you must all understand, the army has its rules, you won’t be as relaxed as before!”

Luo Feng and the other 100 sector lords listened.

“Before we leave!”

“I need all of you to go through the traditional authority award ceremony.” The undying emphasized.

“Authority award ceremony?”

“What does it mean?”

“What’s that?”

The group of sector lords all discussed amongst themselves, it was obvious that most of these lone wolves didn’t know much about the details of taking part in the outer region wars.

The undying seemed to know this, he continued, “This ceremony is to confirm your position in the army, the level of army, the level of command and so on. Hence, we need to award you your authority within the army, and how we do it is to test your strengths.”

“Are they going to make us fight?”

“Test?”

Some sector lords shouted out.

“Wrong.” The undying shook his head. “Every one of you have probably trained countless times within the virtual universe network, and the network will judge you base on your performance within. This judgment…is very important to your position within the army.”

“The judgment is split into three. One is a normal sector lord soldier, the 2nd is an elite sector lord soldier and the 3rd is a Sector lord general.”

“Most sector lords are normal sector lord soldiers.”

“With law recognition, they can barely be considered elite soldiers.”

“Out of 100 elites, there may be an occasional sector lord general!” The undying said, “I believe everyone of you have displayed your true strength in the virtual universe before. If anyone has never done so, and you are worried your position may not be fair, you can now enter the virtual universe network and do so. In awhile, the ceremony will begin.”

…

The undying went silent for 10 seconds before speaking again. “Shouldn’t be a problem now right, all of you come one by one to receive your position.”

The 101 sector lords walked up to him and his armband shot out a blue light that covered the sector lords that approached him.

“Elite Sector lord soldier!”

“Normal Sector lord soldier!”

“Elite Sector lord soldier!”

“Elite Sector lord soldier!”

His armband automatically shouted out the positions. Also, every sector lord that received his post would get a mail from the virtual universe system. The higher one’s authority was…his position in the army too would naturally be different.

Luo Feng looked at this and was shocked, “There are so many elites, according to theory…normal sector lord soldiers should make up most of the army, ah, seems right. Those lone wolves that dare go to the wars alone all have confidence in themselves. Ah, most of them have acquired law recognition.”

The sector lords all lined up to receive their posts, it quickly reached Luo Feng’s turn.

The blue light engulfed him and shouted out.

“Sector lord general.”

Hua!

This scene immediately made a large number of the sector lords, including the distant domain lords and universe levels collecting their posts all turned over shocked. Amongst the 101 sector lords, there was actually one general.

“Not bad.” The undying glanced over shocked at Luo Feng, nodding his head.

Luo Feng walked to the side calmly.

The other sector lords continued to receive their posts.

“Elite Sector lord soldier.”

“Normal Sector lord soldier.”

…

“Sector lord General!”

Once again, the group all turned over, within this group of 101 sector lords there were actually 2 sector lord generals. Luo Feng looked over too. This was a 3m tall well build youth, his eyes gleamed like two blades clashing, they made it so that no one dared look down on him.


Chapter 755: Secrets of the Territory

“He looks quite strong, I wonder where he’s from.” Luo Feng glanced at him and didn’t think much about it.

The ceremony ended quickly, there were a total of 2 sector lord generals, 62 elites and 37 normal soldiers within the 101.

The Sector lord and universe level ceremonies ended quickly.

Even with 10 of them receiving their posts simultaneously, the domain lord level ceremony took quite awhile.

“The ceremony has all ended.” The undying’s voice suddenly boomed, resounding throughout the over 10,000 soldiers’ ears. “Follow me, we will send you all in a group to the outer region wars. This race wars involve a large amount of soldiers. There are a total of 11 battlefields, and all of them are outside our territories. Hence they are called the outer region wars, you’ll all be heading to the 7th battlefield.”

“7th?”

“All outside humanity’s territories?”

“Hm, my teacher is in the 2nd battlefield, looks like there’s no hope of meeting him.”

Discussions popped up all over.

Luo feng thought to himself, “7th battlefield? Average death rate is 96.8%, it’s ranked 3rd amongst the 11 battlefields. Hm, seems like a good place to train.”

“Depart!” the undying ordered.

Immediately, the over 10,000 soldiers moved forward, Luo Feng and the other sector lords were naturally right at the front. After a while, they arrived at a huge hall, the palace had a diameter of over 1000 li. This huge hall had 11 huge space water screen pathways.

“This is the pathway that heads to the 7th battlefield.” The undying walked towards it. “The 7th battlefield is a huge universe region with a diameter of about 1.1 million light years. Of course with trillions of years of war within, the region itself isn’t dangerous at all. The main threat is the other races and the enemies. The 7th battlefield has a total of 100 soldier bases, you’ll be transported to the 26th base.”

The pathway was 1km wide, it was also 1km tall.

Hua!

The sector lords all entered and Luo Feng stepped in too, over 10,000 soldiers all entered.

With the god country as the hub, Luo Feng and the others quickly reached the god country stop and once again entered the pathway, being transferred to the 7th battlefield’s 26th base.

…

Luo Feng stood at the god country stop and stepped through. He felt the time and space before him warp as he instantly reached another spot.

“Haha, the new soldiers are here.”

“There are new soldiers.”

“Quickly, hurry, stop wasting time, there are things to do.”

Orders were shouted immediately.

Luo Feng saw 10 white armored soldiers, ah, they weren’t all completely in armor. There was one white haired undying in a white robe. He smiled at them, his eyes gleaming with thunder within, “New soldiers, welcome to the 26th base of the 7th battlefield. Sector lords follow him, domain lord will go with this punk, universe levels will all follow that little lady.”

The white robed undying swiftly introduced the 3 guides.

Universe level, domain lord and sector lords all followed different pathways.

“Sector lords, ahead lies the sector lord camp.” The guide said.

After awhile.

They reached an elegant hall, within 10 million seats were located. With just one glance, Luo Feng could see that there were already a few hundreds of thousands of sector lords sitting within.

“How are there so many sector lord soldiers?” Luo Feng was shocked. “Each universe country only has a few million sector lords, and humanity only has 1,008 universe countries. And there are a total of 11 battlefields, everyone with a hundred bases. On average, how many sector lords can there be in one base? It can’t be such that all of humanity’s sector lords are fighting in the wars right? And in theory…there should be many out fighting, only very few staying in the base, how can there be so many here?”

The other 100 sector lord new soldiers were shocked too.

“Alas!”

The guide shouted loudly, “The new soldiers are here, there are 2 generals in this new group, haha…” the guide finished and simply left.

“Sector lord generals?”

“Generals?” The other soldiers that were originally drinking and chatting all ran over, over 10,000 of them.

When the soldiers got close to each other, their quantum computers would immediately inform each other of their positions. Hence, the over 10,000 soldiers all turned their attention to Luo Feng and the other tall youth.

“Join our elite team, we have an undying leading our team. The army contribution points are much more, and the chances of survival are much higher as well.

“Our little team is stronger.”

“You two…”

The old soldiers madly invited Luo feng and the other, they couldn’t even be bothered with the other 99 new soldiers.

…

After awhile.

Luo Feng and the other youth sat at the dining table, beside them sat a blood armored undying with a scaled snake tail. This undying was called Tai Wo, his was a ground undying. And as he was the first undying to actually go invite them, Luo Feng and the other sector lord general chatted with him despite the over 10,000 sector lords clamoring to invite them. As to whether they would join, no one agreed yet.

“Captain Tai Wo, why are there so many sector lords here?” Luo Feng asked, “There are a total of 11 battlefields and every one of them has 100 bases, how can there be so many resting here?”

“I’m curious too.” The youth beside him asked.

“Haha…”

Tai Wo poured some wine for himself, “We’ll drink and chat. Madman, Rock, it’s not just you two There are many new soldiers that are curious too as to why there are so many here! If you actually interact with many of them, you’d find out the reason easily.”

Luo Feng and Rock looked at him.

“The 1,008 universe countries of humanity are actually just one part of humanity.” The captain smiled, “From what I know, there are many continents within secret regions that have countless humans living within, and those large continents have diameters of over 100 billion km etc. The population on these continents can match that of a universe country.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

Continent?

Right.

The gold horn race lived in Laos world, that itself was a supercontinent. The Blood river world was one too, the number of warriors on these two continents definitely exceeded that of a universe country.

“Humanity’s territories lead into many of these secret region continents. And these are filled with universe energies, the humans living there all mostly become star travellers at maturity, the number of strong warriors are plenty.” Tai Wo smiled, “That’s just one part of it, there are large amounts of people living within undyings’ god countries too.”

“People within god countries, secret regions, universe countries, these form humanity.” Tai Wo smiled, “Many of our life and death brothers grow up within god countries, and some in the super continents. However, their materialistic wealth cannot compare to ours, just like the virtual universe network, they can only access it when they reach universe level.”

Luo Feng was shocked when he heard.

He immediately sent a thread of consciousness into the network to check, with his authority, he immediately found lots of information.

Humans, according to their living environments, could indeed be separated into god country, secret regions and universe humans.

The number of universe humans weren’t that many. One had to know that the secret region had continents akin to a universe country, and it was easy to build over 10,000 large continents within these secret regions. And the god countries of undyings were incredibly vast, many humans could live within.

“So, large amounts of humans can live in the secret regions, then why do we still have to fight for territory?” When Luo Feng had gone to Laos World before, he was curious about this. Only after becoming the disciple of the primal chaos city leader did he have the authority to search for answers.

The war was for territory!

Why fight?

According to the information he found.

It was just like a plant life form requiring sufficient sunlight, the moment the population was too dense, all the plants wouldn’t grow well, same logic! The formation of life was very special, whether it was flesh and blood or automaton or plants etc…as long as there is life, during its growth it would absorb the universe’s essence.

The production and growth relied on the absorption of this special energy.

For example, with a 1,000 light year area, with only 1 life planet and 10 billion people on that planet, almost all of the universe energy within that 1,000 light year area will be given to that planet.

And the secret regions.

If the population comparable to a universe country were all squeezed within a huge continent, its population density was much higher, hence the essence they received was naturally much lower.

The god country humans.

The god countries exist in slits of space, not the actual space itself. The universe essence absorbed was even lesser than that of the secret region humans!

The information said…

“God country humans, their numbers are the most plentiful, they can only train till sector lord level. Over countless years, the number of undyings produced only reaches 9,082, they all had miraculous encounters. Without these encounters, they are set never to reach undying.”

“Universe secret region humans rank number two in population. They can reach undying like the universe humans, however…the chances of them reaching knight is extremely low!”

“Universe humans, least in population, they own the most territory! There have been many undyings in history, and the number of knights in humanity, 98.2% of them are from the universe humans.”

Territory was like a fertile land!

The larger it was, the stronger the race could grow, the chances of producing absolute warriors would be higher too.

…

Within the hall.

“Among the sector lord soldiers, most of them are from the god countries?” Luo Feng asked.

“Right.” Tai Wo nodded.

Luo Feng was shocked, the god country humans probably didn’t know of the secret that their chances of becoming undying were extremely low, even producing one was extremely rare. The sector lords themselves probably didn’t even feel this problem.

“The number of soldiers from the god countries are the most. Hence, many sector lord warriors are from the god countries.” Tai Wo laughed, “Through many life or death situations and threats, their strength will grow, and gaining enough contribution points, they can exchange for treasures to strengthen themselves. Even though they are only sector lord, they can match up against normal undyings.”


Chapter 756: Integration

The 3 chatted and drank.

At this time, a sector lord walked over. Luo Feng glanced at him, he was a 1m tall punk with a cute round face. There was a green engraving on his cheek, he stood at 1m tall like a child…the armor he wore however was not ordinary.

“Hai, captain, have you pulled them in?” The short sector lord pulled a chair over and sat noisily beside them.

“It’s not that easy, 30% of the new sector lord soldiers are only elites, 0.3% of them are generals…to actually have a general amongst the new recruits is already extremely rare, and these people aren’t easily convinced.” Tai Wo smiled, after which he turned to Luo Feng and Rock, “Let me introduce you, this is…”

“I can do it myself.”

The short sector lord picked up a glass and poured himself a full glass. Smiling at the two of them, he said, “I am a member of Captain Tai Wo’s team, the sector lord team 026-2089491. You can call me…Poison! I am a chemist, of course…I’m also a sector lord general.”

“Poison? Chemist? Sector lord general?” Luo Feng was shocked.

The strong were mainly made of fighters, spirit readers and illusionists, the 3 great paths. Puppeteers, chemists and beast tamers etc were extremely rare, especially chemists…it was extremely hard to make any progress with it.

Back then during universe level, there was a universe level genius in the Absolute beginning region Yu Feng, he was a chemist!

The chemists could win over people much stronger than themselves.

They were the most dangerous to be underestimated. Even a god had to be careful against one. As their battle strength was determined by their potions.

“There are a total of eight in our team including me, I am an undying. The other seven are sector lord generals, of which two are fighters, two are spirit readers, two are illusionists and one is a chemist.” Tai Wo said proudly, “Poison is very important in our team.”

“My two new friends, come, let’s toast.” The dwarf Poison smiled and lifted his wine glass.

Luo Feng and Rock lifted their glasses.

“Even though my seven members are all generals, they are all those that have gone through countless life or death battles and gotten stronger over time, until they were finally awarded the general position. Only Poison…he was a general when he first came.” Tai Wo looked at both of them. “I wonder if you two are willing to join my team? We are still short of two members! For a small sector lord team like ourselves, we are definitely one of the most exceptional, you won’t be disappointed if you join us.”

“Tai Wo is a good captain.” The dwarf Poison drank his wine and occasionally said a couple of things.

The tall and calm youth nodded, “I, Rock, am willing to join your team.”

“Haha, good.” The undying Tai Wo was very happy, he turned to Luo Feng, “Will Madman join us too?”

“Hmm…” There were many thoughts within Luo Feng’s mind.

The army had its rules.

Everyone who took part in the wars had to fulfill their own requests, Luo Feng naturally had to do so too! Before accumulating sufficient contribution points, one had to join a group and take orders. Since that was so…joining a more elite sector lord team seemed like a good idea.

“Ok.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Haha…” The undying was very happy. He turned to look in the distant corner, using his god energy to communicate, “Come here all of you.”

Very quickly, six silhouettes came from distance.

They were of all sizes, some built, some small, some enchanting while others cold and filled with killing aura, and another smiling happily as he looked at the two.

One was over 6 m tall, seemingly made of red rocks with two bent horns on his forehead. There was a rhombus crystal engraved there, he was from the Mother Flame race. Another was enchanting, a lady of the demon lady race covered in fog…the six of them came over, all dragging a chair and sitting about.

The ten of them gathered.

“Let me introduce you.” The undying Tai Wo pointed about. “This is the new soldier sector lord general, you can call him madman.”

“Madman? Hm, that’s an arrogant nickname.” A skeleton like man sat at the side, carrying a silky white furred cat. This cat had purple eyes and seemed to enjoy its owner’s stroking.

“Wei! Don’t pick a fight.” The chemist Poison who had already drank a lot frowned as he ordered.

“Wei, Little Chen Chen is right.” The demon lady sector lord smiled.

“Don’t call me little Chen Chen?” The dwarf Poison raged. “You can call me by my real name Zhu Chen, not little Chen Chen, I like the name poison too.”

“Little Chen Chen is angry.” The lady covered her mouth and laughed.

Poison looked helplessly at her, continuing to drink his wine.

The captain Tai Wi laughed at the scene and pointed at the tall youth, “This is another Sector lord general, you can call him Rock.”

“Madman and Rock.” Tai Wo said, “You already know Poison, let me introduce the others to you.

“Demon lady is an exceptional illusionist, very few sector lord warriors can escape her illusions. You should both know…that the demon lady race all have exceptional enchanting abilities.” At this time, the lady engulfed in fog smiled. Even though it made her face unclear, it made her seem even more mysterious.

“Tornado, a powerful fighter.”

The expressionless masked fighter with pointy ears glanced at them without saying anything.

“Mad Wu, spirit reader.”

The smiling purple haired man nodded at them.

“God is this white armored punk, despite knowing the dangers, he still wears the most glaring white armor. He calls himself God, haha…he’s another spirit reader.”

The white armored man with white scales on his head smiled brightly like the sun, he gave off a feeling of warmth. It made Luo Feng deduce that this was definitely a sector lord trained in the light laws, and his comprehension level must be pretty high.

“Wei, is this boney fellow with the cat, the cat which had explored the universe for so many years was taken in by him. However Wei cannot be underestimated, he is an illusionist too, his soul attack is very strong.”

Wei who hugged the cat only snorted as he glanced at the two of them.

“The last one, you can call him Hammer. He’s a very steady and solid person from the Mother Flame race, and also a powerful fighter.”

The 6 m tall Mother flame race sector lord Wei smiled at the 2 of them.

Poison, Demon lady, Tornado, Mad Wu, God, Wei and Hammer, these were the seven members of the team. They were all sector lord generals, definitely warriors that had survived countless battles.

“I’m a spirit reader.” Luo Feng said.

“I’m a fighter.” Rock said.

From then on, the little team had two new members.

After Luo Feng sent the request, he joined team 026-208941.

The next few days, Luo Feng and Rock would listen to stories and advice from the older soldiers. Even though both of them had background, they listened intently.

…

“What, allied forces?” Rock was shocked.

“Right, Allied forces. The main participants in this war are of course the 4 pinnacle races. However, all of them have other allied races. If we enter a battlefield, we will meet other allied forces, even though they are from other races, they are still our partners. Relax…the virtual universe system will tell you if they are our allies. If they don’t…just kill them!”

“Ah.” Rock was stunned.

Luo Feng sat quietly, allied forces? As a pinnacle race, humanity naturally had many subservient races, like the gold horn race! These races would naturally go to war too, Luo Feng knew about this long ago.

…

“The battlefield is cruel with high death rates, exceeding over 95%?” Rock was shocked again.

“Only with a high death rate will absolute warriors be trained. Out of 20 new recruits, only 1 usually survives, however it may take up to 20 normal sector lord soldiers to get rid of one elite or even a general. Such high death rates and terrifying battles, plus countless treasures and ability to exchange for manuals etc…it’s made the outer region wars the place where most absolute warriors are forged.”

“And is a 95% death rate high? It’s not high, from what I know, every 1,000 eras, there are huge scale battles where countless warriors face off against each other. Even emperor level undyings have to be extremely careful. That death rate is what I consider high, I heard it exceeds 99%! However we cannot engage in such battles frequently, even a pinnacle race would suffer huge losses, every 1,000 eras…it’s still within our limit.”

“Huge scale battle? Decisive battle? When will the next be.”

“It’s still early.”

“Ah.” Rock listened obediently.

Luo Feng who sat in the corner frowned, he exclaimed within. “The normal war that goes on already has a death rate over 95%, this is used to forge absolute warriors. It may seem like huge losses, in truth it’s similar to creating a bug clan king, losing large amounts of normal sector lords to create one powerful one…their chances of breaking through to undying are much higher.”

Long periods of brutal war, that was training.

And every 1,000 eras, a huge decisive battle, that was called the Race Meat grinder.

…

After staying in the base for 8 days, Rock learnt of many new things that totally shocked him. Luo Feng however remained very calm, he had naturally learnt most of this online before. However regarding the main experiences on the battlefield itself, he too had to listen to them.

On the battlefield…there were countless other race warriors, with all sorts of strategies and methods. Undyings were hidden throughout, even emperor level undyings could easily fall, how could he be careless?

They stayed until the 9th day!

This little sector lord team with its new members finally departed and headed to the battlefield.


Chapter 757: AAA God Base

“So many people!”

“So many ships.”

Luo Feng and the others were shocked at this scene. This was a huge hall with a diameter exceeding 30,000 km, and was able to hold billions of soldiers!

“There’s at least a few million people here right.”

“Hm, definitely.”

“There are a few thousand ships lining up ahead.”

The many ships lined up in order to stop within the hall. Some of these ships were over 1,000m in diameter, and some with a few hundred meters in diameter, the soldiers differed too. Some could hold up to 1 million soldiers while some only held the few.

“Don’t stand there stupidly, get on the ship.” Captain Tai Wo ordered, swiftly releasing a disc shaped ship with a hundred meter diameter from his world ring, it appeared within the hall.

“Yes.”

“Coming.”

Tai Wo first entered the ship, followed by the 9 sector lord generals Mad Wu, God, Poison, Rock, and Madman.

“The material here is E9 alloy.” Luo Feng gazed at the ship. Carefully examining the engravings on its surface, “It’s actually the most basic law engravings? Tai Wo is afterall an undying, and he’s one that has lived very long in the outer region wars, it shouldn’t be too hard for him to get a better ship.”

Luo Feng didn’t think more about it, quickly boarding the ship.

Hua, the cabin door closed!

A blur of ships stopped within the hall, after which they all flew forward through the same pathway.

…

Luo Feng and the others had just entered the ship before Tai Wo, who walked ahead of them shouted, “To the resting quarters!”

“Not the control room?” Luo Feng laughed and asked.

“It’s an AI controlled ship afterall, he can give us orders both from the resting quarters and the control room.” Mad Wu smiled beside him. He was a handsome purple haired youth, who seemed very friendly. He was the one Luo Feng had gotten most close to on the ship, and there was one more reason.

The two of them were both spirit readers, and their appearances were closest. Afterall, there were many types of humans in the universe with all sorts of appearances, but the two of them happened to look alike.

After awhile.

They arrived in the resting quarters, it was about 20m in length and width and was also 10m tall, for a total of 400 square meters in space. The 10 sector lords had enough space within.

“Arriving in our safety nest, I naturally feel more comfortable.” Poison jumped and landed in the sofa, rolling about in it.

“Safety nest?” Rock looked about and asked curiously, “The material of this wall within here seems to be…”

“F9 metal Tungsten Mother rock.” Luo Feng said softly.

“F9 metal?” Rock looked shocked at Luo Feng.

“Right.” The always smiling white armored God smiled. “The resting quarters is the safest place in the ship, the ship’s main material is E9 alloy. However in the battlefield, it cannot withstand some terrifying attacks, hence the captain ordered a completely Tungsten mother rock resting room, this is our safety nest. If we encounter any danger, at the least we will have some time to react.”

Luo Feng nodded.

It was a smart decision, since they were not able to afford an F grade ship, it was better to simply make one room that strong.

“I can afford one room. However if it’s the entire ship…I cannot.” The captain said, ordering, “External simulation 100%.”

Di!

Even though Luo Feng was sitting in the sofa, he couldn’t see it visibly, the ground vanished below him and all he could see was the vast hall outside with the other ships around them. As time passed, the ships swiftly flew through the pathway and very quickly, it was their turn to fly through.

Following the pathway, they flew straight for a few 100’s of thousands of km before turning and flying along an arc, all the ships followed the same path.

After awhile!

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The straight pathway which was hundreds of thousands of km long began to close off its entrance.

Simultaneously!

The outermost door of the entire base began to open. Although there were over 10,000 pathways there, only a few hundred opened.

“Activate energy barrier.”

“Depart.”

The captain ordered.

Luo Feng and the others sat in the ship and left through a pathway from the base.

Hua!

All the sector lords turned to look back at the huge soldier base as they flew through the door. Even the ones that had been through this countless times still looked back, and Luo Feng with his high perspectives and vision, did the same. It was because it…was simply too majestic!

“That is the soldier base.” Luo Feng said shocked. Through the external simulator, he clearly saw the huge base floating in space.

The entire base, from what Luo Feng estimated was at least a few million km in diameter!

This was a base which was even larger than the sun!

The base was completely covered in a colorful energy barrier, a barrier that covered a base that huge, it was absurd. If one went up close to see the sun, how shocking would that be? What’s more, they were looking up close at this malevolent base.

“Colorful energy barrier”, “Mysterious powerful law engravings”, “Automaton cannons with diameters of a few hundred km”, “Blur of pathways”, “Countless energy points”.

This was a war machine that had been upgraded to the point of perfection!

“It’s too majestic.” Tai Wo exclaimed.

“Look at that cannon, normal universe ships use energy laser beams. However, the god base uses the very backdated huge cannon hole. It may seem backdated, but when it truly unleashes its power…that terrifying scene, it would reduce everything in its path to nothing.” The white armored God’s eyes gleamed with passion.

The new recruit Rock was completely stunned.

Even having seen a lot before, Luo Feng was still stunned.

“God base, what grade of a god base is this.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask.

“AAA grade.” Poison’s eyes were fixed on it too, he said softly, “The outer region wars is a battle between the races. The entire 7th battlefield only has these 100 bases, and these are the bases of humanity, naturally they made sure that it was of the highest grade. Even the universe country leaders, that level of warriors wouldn’t be able to destroy this base.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He had checked on the automaton’s terrifying weapons before. Some huge weapons were very expensive, like the space fortress, it was still absurdly expensive, and that was just one fortress. The God base was still the pinnacle level of huge weapons, every one of them were much more expensive than a fortress!

And among the god bases…the AAA grade was the highest grade of them all.

At least from what he knew! Within the automaton nests, there may even be more terrifying things…

…

It was safest within the base, every base was made at AAA grade, even with trillions of warriors rushing it, it could still instantly reduce everything to nothing.

“The base serves as the harbor for the soldiers.” Poison lay on his sofa and lifted a wine bottle. “It’s the safest there, you don’t even have to worry about anything. However the moment you leave it… danger lurks all around us. Afterall, this entire region of over a million light years in diameter…is a battlefield.”

Luo Feng kept looking outside.

With a glance.

With his vision, one had to know that he could fly close to light speed and still easily dodge items around him. Even though this ship was reaching sub light speed, he could still clearly see the scene outside. He saw a few broken bug bodies, ship remains, human remains etc, all floating in space. Some were simply knocked aside by the ship!

“Are some of the remains and corpses valuable?” The new recruit Rock frowned and asked.

“No one is an idiot.” The Mother flame race Hammer said with a low voice. “The ships’s scanning system has long scanned through everything, those floating around in space aren’t worth anything. If they were, they would have been taken away. Those that haven’t… may simply be traps. Rock, if you haven’t noticed…our ship hasn’t been flying in a straight line, but dodging all the remains, the huge ship remains?”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, it was indeed so.

“Those places may very likely have enemies hiding within. You have to know…the entire starfield, excluding the bases are battlefields.” Hammer said seriously. “Don’t think that we all look very relaxed right now, everyone of us is prepared to battle at any moment.”

“Alright, don’t scare the new recruits.”

Captain Tai Wo smiled, “Our destination this time is about 80,000 light years from the 26th base, it’s extremely brutal over there. A squad like ours normally does guerilla tactics. In a while, when we reach a open area that doesn’t have rubbish or remains, we will begin universe travel. It’s usually safe once we go to the dark universe, we’ll be able to rest well…and we’ll travel for another 3 days. We can rest till then, once we reach the destination, it’ll be a bloodthirsty battle.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The universe secret regions weren’t like the normal space. There were large amounts of rubbish and dust about, hence one had to specially clear a spot of space to be able to accelerate to light speed.

There were over a hundred million such spots in the 7th battlefield.

Rumble!

Rumble!

The universe ship dodged the dangerous regions as much as it could, reaching the clear spot after awhile. However, just from that short distance…Luo Feng had seen the aftermath of many large energy explosions about, and the other sector lord generals were all on high alert because they knew a battle could occur at any time.

“Entering dark universe, everybody can relax now.”

“10…9…8…7…6…5…4…3…2…1, Universe travel!”


Chapter 758: Collapse

After flying in the dark universe for 3 days, they went through universe travel again.

“Be on alert, don’t get careless.” Within the resting room, Tai Wo ordered, pointing to a space outside which had no remains obstructing it. “From this clear spot of space to our destination, we have to fly for 2 months, and within these 2 months…we’ll be flying in dangerous spots, battles could erupt at any moment.”

“We know captain.” Poison lifted his wine bottle and smiled. “Among the 7 old soldiers, even the newest of us have been here for over 8,000 years. Even when we are drunk, we are still on high alert, it’s already become part of our subconscious. If you have to say it…you just have to let the new recruits know.”

“Don’t drag us down.” The white boney Wei hugging the cat said coldly.

“It won’t be considered dragging.” Poison looked at the two of them “Older soldiers all started from scratch as well. Rock, Madman, you two better remember all the experiences we shared with you. Don’t look down on these, they were formed from countless life or death battles.”

“Understood.” Rock nodded.

Luo Feng nodded too.

Luo feng had learnt much from the 7 old soldiers. Firstly, Poison was the highest ranking among them, even Tai Wo was very courteous to him. Normally Poison would occasionally reprimand the others, and they all wouldn’t complain about it.

This was a natural authority formed from countless battles.

Actually, back when Tai Wo had come to ask the two of them to join their team, Poison was the 1st to run over…one could already feel some of the problems.

“Rock, Madman, be on alert.”

“If a battle occurs.” Captain Tai Wo ordered, “We do not need you two to fight well with us, just be of some sort of assistance. If you see any of the others in danger, go and help them. In the beginning…we will rely on the 7 old soldiers for strength.”

…

The ship flew at sub light speed, carefully making progress within the space, dodging any space that could hide other enemies.

…

Within a broken universe ship’s control room.

There were three automaton clansman gathered within. These three were completely made of metal, they looked very similar. From a glance, it looked like three robots were all sitting in alloy chairs.

“Haha, with the 3 of us together, we destroyed that undying’s team…he should be an official level undying right.” One of them smiled and said.

“Palati, you did good work back there. You heavily injured the undying, and it allowed us to kill the other sector lords…and later ganged up to kill the undying. He was indeed an official, he had lots of wealth, Palati…we better distribute the goods.”

After which, the two automaton clansmen looked at the 3rd one.

This 3rd automaton clansman called Palati wore a dark red armor, he looked beautiful. He looked on calmly at the other two, with a flip of his hand, two space rings appeared and he tossed it to them.

“Our temporary alliance ends here, you two can go.” He said coldly.

The two automaton clansmen smiled and received their space rings, swiftly checking them. As they checked, their eyes immediately erupted with rage.

“Palati!”

“Palati!”

They were both suppressing their rage.

“Still not leaving?” He looked on coldly at them.

“We worked together, and you got the benefit from killing that official level undying already. As for the spoils…you actually dare to take 95% of it?” The dark green armored clansman roared, the other silver armored clansman raged too. “You are going overboard.”

Palati looked coldly at both of them.

The two fought hard to suppress their rage.

“We don’t ask for much, just split 40% between the two of us. You’ll get 60% and we’ll each get 20%.” The dark green armored clansman said, beside him the other one nodded in approval.

“Get lost!”

Palati roared fiercely, “Without me, do you think you can deal with the official level undying? Even though he had just become an official, he already had an undying body. To kill him…you all think it was that easy, do you know how much it cost me? You still want to split the spoils with me? On account that you are from my race I gave you part of the spoils. If there wasn’t a punishment for killing within our race, I would have killed you two long ago.”

The other two glanced at each other and gritted their teeth.

“Hmph.”

“We hope you live a little longer.”

The two automaton clansmen instantly became beams of light and left the broken remains of the control room.

“Two idiots.” Palati snorted coldly, and his eyes flashing with brutality. Even though he seemed like a metal person, he was still a life form. Even though his body was sturdy, it was still flexible.

“Hm.”

“I lost quite a bit this time, however to actually kill an official level undying, my contribution points were enough compensation. Including the spoils itself…it’s not bad. However, the army I own has suffered huge losses…it’s time to return to the god base to replenish and repair my strength.” He pondered.

Every automaton clansman could be called an empire themselves!

Of course the strength of an automaton empire was its controlling ability and its wealth level, both were crucial! If one had a huge army…but simply relying on its AI battle abilities wouldn’t do. They had to use the Automaton clansman to control the army, allowing the army to use law infused attacks with precise combinations. That way, it could raise their strength by tens to hundreds of times.

The automaton race were living AI’s.

And living AI’s, the moment they knew the laws, combined with their natural absurd calculation and commanding abilities…it was terrifying.

Combined with the automaton weapons, their strength was terrifying!

It was a pinnacle race as terrifying as the bug clan!

The bug queen had natural battle instincts!

The automaton race was even more technical and knowledgeable, and were very scheming!

“Hm?”

“There’s a human ship?” Sitting in the control room, Palati’s eyes gleamed. “An E9 grade alloy ship, low level engravings on surface, looks like a normal sector lord team ship. However…there’s a possibility of it being an elite sector lord ship.”

“However…”

“As long as its within my abilities, I can settle it. After this, I can head back to replenish my strength.” Palati smiled. “Pitiful humans, you can try in vain to detect my location. Hmph, in terms of technological abilities…compared to our automaton race, you are just average.”

…

Remains could be easily seen everywhere, be it corpses or ships or weapons.

The vein lines of a seemingly normal floating piece of metal began to give off terrifying energy, storing energy and gradually, a translucent light ball could be seen.

“Attack!” In the distance, Palati ordered.

“Di.”

“Rumble!”

A blinding pillar of light instantly tore through space, rushing at the disc shape ship flying. It instantly hit and part of the ship melted. The powerful pillar of light tore through the thick E9 grade alloy ship’s body, causing it to explode into a fireball. “Rumble…” Ripples shot out in all directions spreading over tens of thousands of km, causing large amounts of debris and remains to be knocked far away.

…

Within the ship.

“I dare to bet Madman would get more contribution points.”

“I bet on Rock, look at him, such a calm fellow. Haha…this time, he will definitely get more contribution points than Madman. I bet 1 mixed element on Rock.”

“You really dare to bet? I bet on Madman, I too bet 1 mixed element.”

“I bet on Rock.”

“Madman.”

The old sector soldiers were all gathered around setting their bets. Because, each time they came out to battle, it would go on for quite a few years, and sometimes up to thousands of years. Hence they naturally gambled on which of the two new recruits would do better, Poison led this gamble.

They swiftly made their bets.

“You two aren’t betting? If you do, I’ll accept it too.” Poison said as he squatted in his sofa.

Rock grinned.

Luo Feng laughed too.

“Warning, imminent…” An ear piercing alarm rang throughout the resting quarters, causing the chatting soldiers to instantly change their expressions. Almost simultaneously, every one of them had swiftly retrieved their weapons.

Rumble!

The moment the alarm rang, the entire ship shook fiercely, the resting quarters was shaking violently too. The outer layer of the ship was completely blown apart, and this completely F9 grade resting quarters was kicked about like a can, under the powerful impact it spun madly in space.

The entire room kept spinning.

All the members in there all felt uncomfortable.

Rumble! Tai Wo instantly released his powerful undying energy and covered the entire room.

“Everybody out.” Tai Wo ordered.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

4 cabin doors opened simultaneously within.

“Go!” Poison ordered, armor instantly covered his body and he revealed only his eyes. Beside him, the Mother Flame race Hammer carried a large hammer and shield, the two simultaneously flew out of a door. The others flew out of the other doors.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

The old soldiers all swiftly headed out, Luo Feng carried the Nan Shen armament and followed…


Chapter 759: Danger

They flew out of the resting room and into the space, where ripples from the explosion before were still reverberating.

“Hm?” Luo Feng gazed about and saw the remains of the ship that had just exploded, not seeing any enemy.

“Be careful everybody.” Captain Tai Wo communicated, simultaneously keeping the resting room in his world ring. He didn’t care much about the ship being destroyed. Afterall, the most valuable place within was the completely intact F9 metal Tungsten mother rock resting room.

“Where’s the enemy?” Rock’s eyes gleamed and he looked about.

“New recruit, don’t get anxious. Just be vigilant, but leave everything else to us.” Demon lady smiled.

The other old soldiers all smiled as they looked around carefully. They had experienced too many such incidents…even in the face of danger, they were completely calm and composed.

“Since they are not showing themselves, let’s go.” Tai Wo suddenly flew in a direction.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

The other 9 followed him and swiftly tore through space and fled.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

9 spots from the distance shot out a glaring thunder bolt, and all of them were converging around Luo Feng and his group. Even a powerful undying wouldn’t be able to reach light speed in an instant in the actual universe.

However!

Thunder and light etc, the moment it was unleashed it was light speed. Luo Feng and the others however required a certain amount of time to accelerate to close to lightspeed. As for the ships…it required even more time to do so.

Hence as the 9 points shot out its light beams, it quickly joined together, forming a huge thunder cage!

The huge cage completely surrounded Luo Feng and his little group.

Chi chi chi…the instant it formed, countless thunder snakes tore through space and wrapped about the over 1 hundred million km in diameter cage. Without a doubt…Luo Feng and his group of 10 were attacked by them.

“Thunder hell!”

“It’s thunder hell!”

The old soldiers seemed shocked.

“Let’s go, this is the work of the automaton race, and a powerful one at that. It’s very troublesome.” Tai Wo ordered.

Immediately, he led the way and the others followed him.

Luo Feng and Rock however were curious.

Why flee?

This thunder hell was no threat at all.

“If the lightning bolts attack us, it can instantly kill a sector lord. However…the cage it formed and its lightning snakes have spread over a hundred million km in diameter. It probably wouldn’t even be able to kill a sector lord or 2, there’s no threat right?.” The new recruit Rock asked.

“What’s terrifying about the thunder hell?” Luo Feng asked as they fled too. Being able to multitask was a very normal thing, chatting while fleeing was normal.

“New recruit, you’ll see in awhile, we are definitely in trouble. This thunder hell…it’s not something a normal automaton clansman can set up.” Poison’s expression was serious.

Luo Feng nodded.

His perspectives were extremely high, easily seeing that…this thunder hell was able to spread over a hundred million km in diameter. For it to reach so far, the amount of equipment usage would easily range in the millions of mixed elements! And the Automaton race was proficient in this, hence their costs may be lower. However it would still probably exceed hundreds of thousands of mixed elements. This was definitely something not any ordinary automaton sector lord could afford.

As for its energy usage, it wasn’t too shocking.

As the thunder snakes could keep revolving about the cage, if there wasn’t anyone in the cage, they could keep doing so, creating an energy loop, making its usage close to 0!

“Energy loop” It was like the AAA god base. The energy barrier of the huge base was able to withstand even attacks of a knight. The colorful barrier was maintained throughout…as long as it wasn’t attacked, it would have no energy usage at all.

…

As Luo Feng and his team fled, suddenly…

Rumble…

A blur of light dots shot out from the 9 spots in the thunder cage. These dots swiftly shot towards the group to surround them, forcing them to slow down as a large number of dots shot at them.

“It’s automaton puppets.” Luo Feng easily saw through them.

They seemed like light dots from far, however on careful examination, one could tell…

They were silver robots that were 12m tall. They carried a thick alloy blade on their backs and their surface body had thunder snakes wrapped about, countless thunder snakes within the hell didn’t have any effect on them whatsoever.

“It’s thunder Automaton puppets.” Tai Wo emphasized. “We are in trouble, thunder hell and thunder puppet army, this is a common combination in the automaton race, however it is still terrifying. Normally only undyings have this level of equipment.”

The 9 members all listened to his orders.

Luo Feng began to feel his own weakness, he was very familiar with battle tactics within humanity itself. However the other races and their strategies, even though he had researched a lot about it through the virtual universe network, the explanations were too ambiguous. Like the automaton race, the sites had said they were living AIs and every one of them represented an automaton empire. Using their own resources, great control, combination and tactics, they could form a terrifying attack.

“Everybody listen.”

“Follow me, we’ll breakthrough with the greatest speed, we have to get out of the thunder hell.” Tai Wo ordered.

“Yes!”

The 9 listened.

The team immediately flew at shocking speed, as the cage was simply too huge, their little team had to fight hard just to get around the thunder puppet army.

…

Within the broken ship’s control room.

The automaton Palati smiled, “Trying to escape? Army 6, formation ci9, engage!”

…

These puppets have lower flexibility, they shouldn’t be able to catch us.” Luo Feng dodged the thunder puppets and continued to flee.

The closest puppet army suddenly absorbed a large amount of the thunder snakes. Over 100,000 thunder puppets seemed to form an electric circuit, as countless snakes were flowing through them, of which 21 of the puppets suddenly produced glaring thunder balls.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

21 thunder balls, they all formed a special engraving, almost like a thunder fishing net.

Sou!

The fishing net shot out at light speed.

As it got close to Luo Feng and his team, the powerful binding slowed down and covered the team. The powerful pressure was trapping the team, it was actually infused with space laws, this made Luo feng shocked.

“Ha!” Tai Wo howled, unleashing his undying energy and law domain.

Countless yellow light dots spread throughout tens of thousands of km. Every one of them were extremely heavy, smashing against the huge thunder cage. His undying energy swiftly attacked.

“Break open.” The Mother Flame race Hammer used a huge hammer to hit the fishing net.

“Break!”

The sector lord Mad Wu controlled his spirit energy weapon, one of the 9 god weapons for spirit readers the God Tearing Armament. It instantly formed a glaring light wheel and slashed madly at the net.

“Tear open.” The white robed sector lord God had a drizzle of light beams float about him, causing the space to warp and tear open.

…

The 9 members all unleashed their attacks, Luo Feng used his Nan shen armament too.

The thunder fishing net didn’t really attack them but it trapped them there. And from the distance, one of the 9 puppet armies had already caught up.

Rumble! Captain Tai Wo howled and he finally broke a tens of km wide hole in the net.

At the same time…

The entire fishing net instantly crumbled.

Rumble…The originally unstable net crumbled, the powerful lightning energy exploded open, instantly tearing through the surrounding space. The powerful ripples hit Luo Feng’s little team too, Captain Tai Wo however blocked them.

“Captain.” Rock looked worried at the captain.

“I’m fine.” He said softly. “All of you, looks like this will be troublesome. The puppet army has already surrounded us…looks like we won’t be able to avoid this fight.”

“Why flee, since we are heading to a place to fight anyway, might as well start the fight from here.” Poison licked his lips, his eyes gleaming.

“Hm.” Hammer nodded.

The other members’ eyes all gleamed with fighting spirit.

“Demon lady, Wei, you two be more careful.” Tai Wo ordered.

“We can protect ourselves, killing the enemy however will be hard. Against the automaton race…our illusions have no effect at all.” The skinny Wei communicated back. Every illusionist knew how to control spirit weapons too, only thing was that they were more proficient in illusions, but not so much at using the weapons themselves.

The space swiftly recovered.

And three teams of puppets had already surrounded the little team. Every army had over 100,000 puppets, with a glance, they had the team completely surrounded. In the distance, 6 other teams were rushing over at sub light speed, it would take only a few seconds for them to be completely blocked off.

“I wonder how the team will deal with this.” Luo Feng was very calm. The automaton puppet army, as long as he took out his undying Star eating plant, with its regenerative abilities and ability to grow over a million km, it could wrap all of them instantly!

…

Within the distant broken ship’s control room.

“The trap is set, time to collect!” Palati said softly in his alloy chair. “One undying and nine sector lords…I’ll at most lose 27% of the puppets before I am able to win.”


Chapter 760: Kicking a Metal Board?

In space, the three teams of thunder puppets surrounding Luo Feng’s team instantly began their attacks.

“Kill!”

“Die!”

The puppets were all 12m tall, brandishing the alloy blade from their backs orderly, after which they roared and rushed at the team.

10 people, against a million thunder puppets?

The scene of the team being surrounded by a million thunder puppets made the inexperienced Rock shudder.

“Kill.” The Flame Mother race fighter Hammer howled and unleashed his world projection, instantly engulfing the surrounding puppets and slowing them down. With his huge shield, he easily defended against their attacks. They were 12m tall and this made it hard for too many to attack at a time, Hammer easily defended against them.

1 large shield and 1 large hammer.

Rumble! The hammer struck as fast as lightning against the chest of a puppet. Chi…the alloy chest of the puppet was knocked in and it was knocked far away, behind him, the quick puppets easily dodged it.

“New recruits, use your heavy attacks! These thunder puppets are all E9 grade alloys. Destroying their bodies will take up too much energy, it’s not worth it. Just use heavy attacks to destroy their machinery within, these quantity based puppets probably wouldn’t cost too much! Hit them hard…even if their body is still intact, they won’t be able to move after.” The Mother Flame race Hammer ordered Luo Feng and Rock.

Rock brandished two blades as he used his world projection.

“Understood.” He replied.

He began to madly attack the thunder puppets, every blade with enough vibrations as he slashed through their bodies. Even though it only left little scratches on the surface and seemingly undamaged, in truth, the internal machinery of each robot was destroyed from inside, after receiving each attack, they were immobilized.

…

A tornado was rushing through the puppets.

The tornado slashed through with a cold flash of the blade, however only 1/3rd of the puppets hit were immobilized.

This was Tornado of the 9 sector lord generals, he was the fastest amongst the 7 old soldiers.

“Tornado, you are disadvantaged.” The distant Demon lady controlled a ball of liquid that floated about. This liquid like spirit weapon easily blocked off the surrounding thunder puppets.

“At least I’m killing more than you.” Tornado said seriously.

…

The many sector lord generals easily destroyed the enemies. Other than the illusionist Demon lady, the others were clearing off the puppets. Even the illusionist Wei controlled a Nan Shen Armament and he used its 7th form, the Sky and land Pillar. It was about 20cm thick and 6m long, the golden rod hit heavily on each puppet.

This sky and land pillar, was the model of heavy attacks.

The moment they were hit, the puppets all fell.

“Madman, your achievements in the Nan Shen Armament is very high too, the 8th level’s space slicer? Or the 9th level A Match against Undying?” The skinny illusionist Wei asked.

Luo Feng’s killing rate was extremely high.

He too used the 7th form’s pillar, however the gold pillar formed had a huge void about it. As it rolled, it easily destroyed tens of puppets at a time. With just one sweep, a whole bunch of them were destroyed.

This gold pillar was infused with space laws, and were extremely heavy and powerful.

It’s enemy killing efficiency…was shocking.

Anyone could easily tell that anyone able to unleash the 7th form to such a level could probably unleash a level higher than that, 8th or even the 9th! Hence the illusionist Wei asked.

“This thunder puppet army shouldn’t be that weak.” Luo Feng controlled the Nan Shen Armament and easily destroyed the surrounding puppets. “He should still have other tactics.”

“The automaton puppets are much weaker than bug soldiers.”

“They are afterall simply robots. One heavy attack can shake and damage their internal machinery, making them immobilized.” Luo Feng thought. “The bug soldiers…are actually life forms. In terms of production, theirs are much higher.”

E9 grade automaton puppets are simply huge robots made with E9 alloys. As there were over a thousand E9 puppets, the cost of production would probably be akin to that of a E9 grade ship with a diameter of a 100m.

As for the sector lord pinnacle bug soldiers, each one of them was priced around an E9 grade ship!

Just from the price alone one could see which was better!

“Collect, I will collect all!” The chemist Poison stood in space. Two dark green vines extended from his armor, easily clearing the puppets around him. The many puppets were all immobilized after being hit and were kept in his world ring.

“Collect them after immobilizing them. It’ll make the enemy feel the pinch. Haha, these puppets are only valuable because of their alloys, one alone won’t be worth much, but a 1,000…will be enough for a ship. If we can get 10,000 of them, we’ll earn much.” Poison was very excited.

“Right, collect.” Demon lady nodded.

“Collect and make him feel the pinch and flee. Let that enemy know that he’s hit a metal board.” The captain Tai Wo was laughing loudly too. While laughing, he used his law domain to carefully scan the surrounding endless thunder puppet army.

Even though close to 10,000 puppets had been lost already, compared to the million strong army…that was but just 1%.

…

In the distant broken ship, Palati smiled in his alloy chair. “They are already gathered, first trap the undying and kill the 9 sector lords. Then use all strength to kill the undying…let the massacre begin!”

In space, the 10 sector lords surrounded by the million automaton puppets finally changed their expressions.

“Captain!”

“Be careful captain.”

The others all clearly saw 3,000 bolts of thunder shooting out from the million strong army, surrounding the captain Tai Wo. These 3,000 bolts were space infused attacks, the countless puppets about madly absorbed the thunder and passed it on to the 3,000 core puppets.

These 3,000 core puppets surrounded and attacked Tai Wo.

“Ah.”

“Get lost.” Tai Wo roared, with a flash he appeared before one of them and punched its body.

Rumble!

The puppet was knocked far away, its surface E9 grade alloy exploded open, revealing a purple metal within. As the surface E9 exploded open…it, finally revealed its true face. A completely purple metal puppet, after being knocked by an undying, it was undamaged and flew right back, rejoining the other 2999 puppets and continuing its attack.

In the distance, Luo Feng’s expression changed slightly. “It’s actually a F8 metal Amethyst essence. Looks like the 3,000 puppets surrounding the captain are all F8 grade puppets. This is troublesome, such high level puppets, just shaking them with a hard attack won’t do.”

“Amethyst essence!”

“It’s amethyst essence!”

“That’s not the E9 grade puppets but the expensive F grade puppets.”

The 7 old soldiers changed their expressions.

They weren’t as relaxed as before. 1 million E9 puppets could probably only be worth as much as 100 F8 puppets. But, just the 3,000 F8 puppets were enough to distract the undying Tai Wo.

“Countless normal puppets are absorbing the Thunder hell’s energy and are turning into the F8 puppets, making them completely able to pressure the captain.” Luo Feng thought.

“Be careful, there are other F8 grade puppets.” The captain warned them anxiously.

It was indeed so.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Countless bolts of lightning shot towards 800 core puppets. These 800 instantly surrounded and attacked Luo Feng and the other 8 sector lords.

The Illusionists Wei and demon lady each had 50 core puppets attacking them.

Hammer, Tornado, God and Rock…including Luo Feng, each had 100 surrounding them. And they used combined law attacks! Their power was absurd.

“This is troublesome, Poison, Poison, save me.” Demon lady’s expression changed as she shouted.

“Everybody give it your all.”

The chemist Poison shouted. “Take out some of your trump cards, don’t save them. We can always exchange for more treasure when its gone. However if you die…it’s really over.” Dark green vines shot out from his body and spread over many directions. Each of them reached hundreds of km long, and wrapped up a large amount of the normal puppets and madly sweeping them aside.

“Howl!” Hammer howled too, the rhombus crystal on his forehead lit up and his body grew quite a bit.

“Kill!”

The white armored God gave off a glaring white light. The book he wielded ripped apart and countless fragments melded with the pike he held, making it more ancient than before.

“I’ll have to use some effort.” The most calm amongst the group was Luo Feng, who looked at the Nan Shen Armament, “The 9th form A match against Undying should be enough to destroy these stupid puppets.”

Weng!

The dark gold long rod on his back instantly separated along with the golden pillar, countless gold blades swiftly formed together and became the Nan Shen Armament’s most perfect form, the Nan Shen gold blade. A 3m long normal looking gold blade was formed.

“Nan Shen gold blade?”

“A Match against undying?”

“9th form?”

The scene completely shocked the other generals.


Chapter 761: Luo Feng’s Blade

Even though the defenses of the F grade thunder puppet were incredibly strong, their attacks were naturally weak. They relied on the countless E grade puppets supplying energy from the thunder hell, and gathering them within the core of the F grade puppets to make them stronger…

Even so, just one F grade puppet alone was simply akin to one sector lord general in strength.

“Bastards, these punks sure are hard to deal with.” Tai Wo raged.

3,000 F grade thunder puppets spread themselves about Tai Wo and surrounded him heavily.

They continued to absorb energy from the countless thunder puppets that were around. At this time, Tai Wo was constantly being attacked. Even though he didn’t care about the single attacks, with 3,000 of them…as long as 1/3 of the attacks hit him, it would be a nightmare!

Luckily he dodged well.

Rumble!

Rumble!

He knocked them over and over away, making the number that surrounded him decrease. However after a while, they would once again returned almost undamaged.

Despite his fast attacking speed…the number of F grade puppets surrounding him never went below 2,500.

Just like that…

Tai Wo was held up by the 3,000 thunder puppets, unable to break free.

“Everybody be careful, these F grade puppets are all comparable to sector lord generals after receiving all the energy.” Tai Wo communicated urgently. “Poison…we are relying on you. The enemy doesn’t know your strength, give it your all. Keep Demon lady and Wei and the others into your world ring.”

“And Madman.” Tai Wo observed the battle, discovering Luo Feng’s strength, “You can unleash the 9th form of the Nan Shen Armament, help the other members.”

…

“Understood”

“Understood.”

Poison and Luo Feng replied simultaneously.

Poison relied on the large amount of dark green vines extending out of his armor that wrapped about large amounts of normal automaton puppets. It dug through them in all directions, causing a big stir within the army of puppets. The 100 F grade puppets that surrounded him were hence unable to absorb sufficient energy from the others.

Actually from the scene, everybody could tell that the F grade puppets were simply large chunks of metal.

One dead piece of metal without any attacking ability.

The only reason their attacks were strong was because of the countless normal robots absorbing energy from the thunder hell and sending it over. Without the thunder hell…these F grade puppets would be no threat at all. Without the large amount of normal puppets, the F grade puppets’ absorption of energy would be decreased by tens of thousands of times.

“Be careful poison.” Luo Feng communicated.

The number of F grade puppets on him rose from 400 to 800 in an instant.

The other 400 aimed at Luo Feng and the others.

“Little punks.” Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle and controlled the Nan Shen gold blade.

Xiu!

The Nan Shen gold blade was demonic, appearing occasionally and instantly vanishing from sight as it travelled through space, appearing hundreds of meters elsewhere. Rumble! The blade hit 1 F grade puppet. This 9th form was powerful enough to harm an undying, one could only imagine its power.

Rumble! That F grade puppet was knocked far away as it spun out of control.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

It was extremely fast as it travelled and knocked the many F grade puppets away. One had to know…that it had the ability to travel through the slits of space, how terrifying was the speed of teleportation? It far exceeded the speed of Tai Wo’s movements. As long as an undying hadn’t reached the level of teleportation, their speed couldn’t match up to this blade.

Even Tai Wo could easily knock close to 500 of the them away in an instant.

The 50 puppets surrounding Luo Feng, in the blink of an eye, had been knocked away as the gold blade attacked 50 times.

Xiu!

Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle and flashed, swiftly heading towards Demon lady who was getting fatigued from constantly defending.

“Demon lady.” Luo Feng flashed over, his gold blade flashing through and knocking away the 50 F grade puppets.

“Madman, Madman. I love you to death.” The fatigued demon lady shouted with glee. “Quickly keep me into your world ring.”

Sou!

Demon lady was kept in Luo Feng’s world ring.

“Bastard.” Poison gritted his teeth. He had already brandished a bottle of colorful liquid, however after he saw Luo Feng unleash his strength, he immediately smiled and kept the bottle.

On the battlefield.

Luo Feng was fast as lightning as he passed through the puppet army. His gold blade flashed through simultaneously, appearing occasionally and attacking with terrifying speed.

“Hahaha…this new recruit the captain got sure is powerful. Madman, I really respect you.” The illusionist Wei who was getting worn out from defending against the 50 puppets laughed loudly too. He sent a flying kiss to Luo Feng, he was obviously excited to escape death.

Sou.

The illusionist Wei was kept in Luo Feng’s world ring. One had to know that he easily got 100 world rings at Wu Long Stafield, the world rings…he had plenty of them.

“Come here quickly.” Hammer roared urgently, “I can’t hold on much longer.”

Hammer was an incredibly intrepid fighter, and his offense and defense were strong. His only weakness was his flexibility He was often hit by the F grade puppets’ attacks, if it weren’t for his natural strength, he would have died long ago.

Sou!

As the 50 puppets were knocked away, Luo Feng kept Hammer in his world ring.

…

“Madman, you sure are powerful.” The new recruit Rock complimented as well.

“Damn, the first time I met him, I knew this madman was a powerful warrior. Haha, look, look how powerful he is, how decisive he is. 50 F grade puppets…they are merely toys against his Nan Shen gold blade. This final level of the Nan Shen Armament sure is powerful.” The white armored God laughed carefree.

“Hehe, we are set for the future. Haha…” The fighter Tornado laughed too.

…

They were all kept in Luo Feng’s world ring.

Only 4 people were left fighting against the puppets…Tai Wo, Poison, Luo Feng and Mad Wu.

Mad Wu was a spirit reader, he used the combination of Wind and space. Also, the God tearing armament, his current usage of the weapon was akin to the Nan Shen Armament’s 8th level Space slicer, and its speed was terrifying, he could easily defend against the 50 puppets himself.

“Haha, Madman, come help me.” Tai Wo communicated excitedly.

“Coming.”

Luo Feng stood on the dark cloud shuttle and rushed forward, controlling the Nan Shen gold blade.

Weng…the blade became countless images. In almost a blink of an eye, it knocked over 100 of the puppets over 10k km away, and this was also only because of the countless normal puppets stopping them, otherwise they would have been knocked millions of km away.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

The Nan Shen gold blade was fast as lightning, appearing everywhere occasionally. The normal puppets didn’t even affect its speed in the slightest.

The ability to pass through the slits of space was simply heavenly, it made its speed terrifying.

In an instant! Over 500 puppets were knocked far away…

When the 1st knocked away puppet had returned, Luo Feng had already knocked away 2,000 F grade puppets, Tai Wo took the chance to escape their trap.

“Haha, Madman, beautifully executed.” Tai Wo exclaimed happily.

Rumble…

The little team of thunder puppet armies surrounding their group swiftly began to retreat, dispersing in all directions, and the activated Thunder hell closed off too.

“They are gone.”

“They’ve retreated.”

Mad Wu, Poison, Tai Wo and Luo Feng looked at the huge army dispersing in 9 directions.

“Should we chase?” Luo Feng asked.

“We cannot.” Tai Wo shook his head. “An automaton who is able to produce such a huge army definitely has a self destruct Core crystal akin to a normal undying, even the cheapest Fire god core crystal… would be extremely expensive. If that was used to attack us, it’s simply a small loss to them. However if we continue to chase them down and force him to give his all…one fire god core crystal’s explosion, if we are not careful, might wipe us out.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

The fire god core crystal…he had used it as an excuse against Yan zhu emperor back then.

1 low grade fire god crystal (Akin to a normal flame undying’s self destruct), with his current status he could purchase it at a discounted rate of 600,000 points.

And the automaton race proficient in making them could get them at an even lower price!

An automaton capable of setting up the thunder hell, would most likely have a fire god core crystal or such an item for self protection. “My guess was right, this thunder puppet army should have suffered a huge loss before attacking us.” Poison laughed. “We’ve experienced such battles before, looking at his control and resources…he could definitely do much better.”

…

Within the distant broken ship’s control room.

Palati roared in his alloy chair, “A sector lord level 9 plant assisting life form, another with the Nan Shen armament’s 9th form, how can my luck be so bad. To actually meet such a rare human sector lord group…if, if only my losses from killing the official level undying before weren’t that huge, with the thunder hell’s attacking system being damaged, how could you escape? It’s your good luck, just pray you don’t meet me ever again.”

In space.

Tai Wo brandished an E9 grade universe ship.

“Captain, this ship seems very similar to the previous one, the only difference is the resting area is empty.” Luo Feng smiled.

“It’s not empty anymore.” He stood within the ship and pointed ahead.

Sou.

The resting quarters suddenly appeared and locked right into place, completing the lay out.

Luo Feng and the 4 immediately stepped in.

“Haha, I ordered a total of 600 of these E9 exactly similar ships back then.” Tai Wo smiled. “All of them are completely alike, and are able to at most hit 1.2 light speed in the dark universe, with simple law engravings outside. It can be said to be the cheapest E9 grade ships. However over the many years, we’ve already had 182 of them destroyed. Right, get everybody out.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded and with a thought.

Tornado, Wei, God, Rock, Demon lady and Hammer all appeared.

9 members and the captain all gathered there.

“Madman.” Demon lady said, “I love you to death.”

“Haha our team has one more powerful warrior.”

The resting quarters erupted in cheers.


Chapter 762: Contribution Points

The disc shaped E9 grade ship flew at sub light speed carefully through the space, dodging the dangerous spots.

Within the resting quarters.

“Everybody sit.” Tai Wo smiled and sat in the sofa. Using his undying energy to control a wine bottle and some glasses, he poured 10 cups of wine. The crystal clear glasses floated before the 10 of them.

He lifted his glass.

“Let’s toast.” He said.

“Haha…”

The 9 members smiled carefree and lifted their glasses.

“For our luck in this battle, for our 2 new exceptional members, let’s toast.” Tai Wo said.

“Cheers.”

“Cheers.”

The group of sector lords laughed loudly. Any one of them, when placed in the normal starfields would all be large figures living it up. However, they all chose to come to the outer region wars…because they all had the hopes of becoming even stronger and fighting other stronger warriors!

“As per usual, we’ll first reflect on the battle.” Tai Wo placed his glass down, “That battle before…everything was within the enemy’s control. Whether it was the thunder hell set up or the 9 armies of thunder puppets, the 3,000 F grade puppets holding me up and killing you all after etc, everything was within his plan.”

The 9 members listened intently.

“All the other old members did well, staying not too far from me and Poison. Even in danger…Poison would be able to give his all and save you all.” Tai Wo revealed a smile, “The two new recruits did very well too. Amongst which I’m very satisfied with Rock, he did as well as the old members. I believe that through some more experience, he will get stronger too.”

“Of course! The one that made everybody the happiest was…we got a new powerful member…Madman!” Tai Wo looked at Luo Feng.

“Madman.”

“Madman.”

The group looked at him and cheered. In such a dangerous place such as the battlefields, it was a good thing to have such powerful team mates.

“Because of him, Poison didn’t need to go all out, and we saved a valuable potion.” Tai Wo looked at the childlike Poison squatting on the sofa, “Poison, you’ve got it made.”

“Hehe.” Poison grinned at Luo feng.

Luo Feng looked shocked at him.

This chemist was very strong?

“Madman.” Demon lady’s voice was enchanting. “Poison is the 2nd strongest in our group, he once defeated an undying before.”

“Defeated an undying?” Luo Feng looked shocked at him.

“What!” Rock was even more shocked.

Even the 9th form of the Nan Shen Armament, A match against Undying, was only a match, and could be use for survival. It couldn’t exactly defeat an undying. Of course the Heavenly Bridge’s level 13, 14 and 15 all used this move, of which the 15th level’s move had the ability to already kill a normal undying.

However that was the Heavenly Bridge level 15!

The requirement for official level undyings! Such an absolute genius would definitely become a sector lord core member of the Virtual Universe Company.

“The main thing is that I can rely on my natural ability and potions combined with the plant life form I nurtured.” Poison smiled. “1 potion costs close to 80 mixed elements to succeed, hehe, Madman, you’ve saved me 80 mixed elements, come, let’s drink.”

Luo Feng lifted his glass, filled with respect within.

A chemist was able to create special potions, even according to one’s own needs, nurturing special plant life forms.

“To reach this level, he is pretty impressive.” Luo Feng thought.

“Other than the captain and Poison, Madman, you are our 3rd ranked warrior now.” Mad Wu laughed.

“Hm, the 3rd.”

“And you don’t need potions like Poison.”

The others all laughed and said.

…

This battle allowed everyone to know the strengths of their two new recruits, they got a good grasp on the two of them. Especially the new Madman, who was regarded as the 3rd ranked in the team.

Luo Feng was indifferent.

He didn’t care about such ranks, even though his earth body alone had the ability to kill an undying.

The ship continued forward. In a flash, two months had passed and even though they did encounter two other attacks, they were able to easily settle it. Afterall, a team led by an undying with 9 sector lord generals…wasn’t something just anyone could deal with.

This was also why they headed to a special location, the other locations’ enemies were simply too weak, and accumulating contribution points simply took too long.

…

“The two attacks before sure were weak, and the moment they saw we had an undying, they all fled.”

“Hm, so boring.”

“This makes accumulating points too slow.”

The members discussed within the resting quarters.

“We’ve got two more days to reach the starfield 001289038484… Shattered stars.” Tai Wo said, “Shattered stars is a more renowned battlefield area, as large amounts of other race warriors lay hidden there. Over there, we will definitely be pushed, the only thing we will be complaining about is our own lack of strength.”

“Madman.”

A deep voice resounded, the most sturdy looking of the team, Hammer, looked at him, “What’s your contribution points quota?”

“My contribution points quota?” Luo Feng frowned.

Every soldier in the outer regions had a quota to hit, they had to get sufficient points to free themselves. For example, if one had a request of 1 million points, starting at zero, killing in the battlefields would give them points.

Until they reached 1 million, only then could he choose to retire, exchange for treasures or continue to fight, even fight alone etc…

He would gain the right to choose.

And before hitting that quota, they would have to obey the army orders.

“Right, how many do you have?”

“Madman’s quota should be high.”

The sector lord team sat in the sofas and looked over.

“My…” Luo Feng said casually, “It’s still ok, the quota is 1 billion.”

“1 billion?”

The white armored God stared wide eyed, “Did I hear right?”

Luo Feng nodded curiously, “Right, 1 billion.” Was this number absurd, he thought it should be within a normal range.

“Damn, 1 billion?”

“My god!”

“It’s 1 billion.”

Even the calm Tai Wo stood up, the old members all looked shocked at Luo Feng, the illusionist Wei stroking his cat turned quickly at Rock, “Rock, how much is your quota?”

“Mine is 2 hundred million.” Rock said.

“Not bad.”

“It’s already impressive.”

“But Madman, it’s absurd, it’s actually 1 billion?”

The members all discussed.

The two new members however were curious, just what did this quota actually mean? Even though Luo Feng’s status was high, he had only checked on some information he needed to know. As for just what this quota number actually implied, he didn’t know.

“If you interact enough with the other sector lords, you would know.” Tai Wo exclaimed, “The capable ones do the most work. The stronger one is, the higher his quota would be. When the new recruits first join the outer region wars…they would be given their quotas. These would accurately represent their strength.”

“And the authority they are given is only the most raw judgment of their strength, the normal sector lord, the elite and the general, these are unclear levels.”

“The sector lords usually have a lowest quota of 1million, the highest being 1 billion.”

“Of which a normal soldier normally has 1 million to 10 million.”

“The elites have 10 million to about 1 hundred million.”

“Sector lord generals have 1 hundred million to 1 billion.”

Tai Wo said, “The quotas between 1 hundred million to 1 billion are all sector lord generals, of which they have different levels of strengths too. It’s obvious that Rock is already very exceptional for a new recruit. Even without any experience in the battlefield, he’s gotten this strong. Madman however…you, you are simply…”

Luo Feng was stunned.

“1 billion is the top limit of a general. For anyone that has such a high quota…it means you have the strength no weaker than a normal undying.” Tai Wo emphasized.

“Hm.”

“The Virtual Universe Company’s system will never be wrong, you have the strength to match a normal undying.”

The members were all shocked as they looked at him.

However they didn’t know…

That sector lords that could match a normal undying did have quotas of 1 billion. However, those able to kill a normal undying or even an official level undying etc all had the same 1 billion quota. As that was the absolute limit for sector lords.

They didn’t know that Luo Feng’s strength was much more terrifying than what they imagined. For them, being able to match and kill a normal undying was already heavenly!

“So, that’s how it is.” Luo feng shook his head and laughed.

“Growing through the many life or death experiences in the battlefield before reaching general level. There are many sector lords that go through this. However, those able to match and kill a normal undying, those are extremely few and rare, of our entire 26th base, there are probably only 2 or 3 such sector lords.” Tai Wo exclaimed, “In contrast, our alliance partners, even our enemies the bug clan sector lord queens, automaton sector lords, many are able to kill undyings. Some of their warrior talents are simply too heavenly, as for human sector lords able to do so are simply too rare.”

“However, our team now has one.” Tai Wo smiled at him.

Poison looked at him too.

Their eyes were filled with anticipation, their team now had 3 undying level strengths. Unlike Poison that had to rely on potions, Luo Feng truly had the battle strength of an undying. This would naturally raise their survival rate in Shattered stars by a lot.

“Howl.”

Luo Feng could only smile.

1 billion contribution points quota?

He didn’t even think about the number, this quota was something the system itself had alloted him. It was a formality, every sector lord ranged between 1 million to 1 billion, and his strength was enough to be given the limit.

However the Virtual Universe Company had another request for him to accomplish through his life or death training.

That request was 10 trillion points!

After completing it, only then could he leave the outer region wars, this was his life or death training!

This was the army’s request, and another was the Virtual Universe Company’s sector lord level request.

One was 1 billion, another was 10 trillion!

Hence…

Luo Feng didn’t even think his 1 billion was a lot!


Chapter 763: Shattered Star System

The virtual universe had high standards for every primal region sector lord. Since, Luo Feng was one that had passed the domain lord Sky mountain and acquired 3 billion points in reward, also being the primal chaos city leader’s disciple…one could only imagine their level of request and expectation they had of him.

It was definitely the highest amongst all the primal region sector lords!

10 trillion points quota, this was also after careful consideration from the company.

…

Time passed.

“We’ll be arriving at our destination in half a day.” Tai Wo gazed at the 9 sector lord generals, and his eyes were solemn. “Shattered stars is a very dangerous region, Madman and Rock, you probably know very little about the area. Before we arrive, I’ll explain it to the both of you.”

Luo Feng and Rock listened intently.

Luo Feng didn’t dare relax at all, the other races had all sorts of methods and tactics, the moment he wasn’t careful, even if he was strong, he’d still be killed.

“The entire starfield is a battlefield.”

“Battles can erupt at anytime.” Tai Wo looked at the two of them. “However, there are two types of battles. One is the army battles, and the other is between elite teams.”

“Universe level and domain lords, these are weak. And some normal sector lord soldiers, without the invitation of any elite team, would be sent to lead large amounts of universe and domain lords, forming a huge army.” Tai Wo said, “These armies are led by an undying to go into war with the other armies. The undyings would fight other undyings and the weaker ones would fight each other…”

“We are different.”

“We are an elite sector lord team, just us alone is akin to a full army.” Tai Wo said. “However, we are small in numbers, and there are many empty spaces within the 7th starfield battlefield. We can easily spot the enemies, fleeing as soon as we know we are not a match. Hence these areas aren’t fit to be battlefields.”

“Special regions are thus made within this 7th battlefield. The 4 pinnacle races put their strongest warriors within the regions and massacre each other, the battles are intense.”

“We are heading to the 001289038484 region…Shatter stars system. It’s a more renowned battle region. Over trillions of years, who knows how many warriors have fallen there.”

Tai Wo gently tapped in mid air.

A light screen immediately formed and on it a star map appeared.

“This is Shattered stars system.” Tai Wo pointed at the map.

Luo Feng looked carefully.

Shattered Stars system…it was like a region filled with asteroids.

“The legendary shattered stars system, when this secret region hadn’t become a battle field yet, it was a huge planet. According to what was said, it had a diameter of over 10 million km.” Tai Wo exclaimed, “Later on, this planet was completely destroyed by one of the demon clan’s Top races, the 1,000 centipede clan. The planet was reduced to countless remains floating within this space with a diameter of 0.8 light years. Through countless battles after, these remains get shattered further over and over…hence there are countless fragments throughout the area…these fragments are called shattered stars.

“And this whole 0.8 light years in diameter area is called shattered stars system!” Tai Wo said.

Luo Feng nodded, “Shattered stars? Has anybody calculated how many pieces there are?”

“It’s shocking, almost every 1 hundred million km area has fragments, and some with more in density. Some are more sparse within the entire area…” Tai Wo laughed, “It may be due to it being a secret region but the fragments are incredibly cold and sturdy. Even a sector lord’s strength will find it hard to break these fragments.”

“And because they are hard to destroy, shattered stars system became a renowned battlefield with large amounts of other race warriors hidden within.” Tai Wo said.

“You two must remember!”

“There are simply too many other race warriors, hence we cannot fight for too long or draw too much attention!” Tai Wo emphasized. “The moment the battle drags, it may attract others to rush over, and once we get surrounded…that would be it. If the battle is too flashy…even an official level undying with an undying body, one who is arrogant and powerful, would be reduced to nothing and destroyed!”

Luo Feng nodded.

…

This disc shaped E9 ship finally reached shattered stars system.

Through the external simulator, Luo Feng gazed out. He could see floating planet fragments throughout the space, these fragments were all over, and a formless energy permeated through everywhere.

“The energy here sure is shocking. Countless warriors have fallen throughout these areas.” Poison laughed, “If you feel uncomfortable, you can send part of your consciousness into the virtual universe network to relax, no one will make fun of you. Afterall, we won’t be here for a day or two, but for hundreds to thousands of years.”

“There’s a human sector lord team.” Luo Feng looked at his screen.

On the battlefield, humans naturally could assist each other.

The main thing was to keep a portion of the consciousness connected to the virtual universe network. That way, if there were any allies or partners within a 1 billion km area, they would appear.

1, displaying ally markers (Within a 1 billion km area)

2, distress signals (all human allies within the 10 billion km area would receive it)

These were the two huge uses of the virtual universe network in the battlefield.

Of course, there were other uses like reporting and calculations etc…

“Shattered stars system has many other race warriors.” Mad Wu smiled. “There are many humans too, along with allies from other races. It’s normal to discover allies within the 1 billion km area.”

They progressed.

They often discovered other allies and their markers about.

“Stop.”

“We’ll stop at the shattered stars system nest for awhile.” Tai Wo ordered. The ship slowed down swiftly, “Let’s get out.”

Hua!

Luo Feng and the others swiftly flew out and Tai Wo kept the resting quarters first before keeping the ship.

The group stood in space.

“The path we flew by, especially the regions we recently passed had many other humans and allies around. It means this is an area we humans mostly control, we’ll choose this area to set up base.” Tai Wo smiled.

The 9 sector lords nodded.

Luo Feng discovered through his screen that within the 1 billion km area, there were two gathering markers. It was obvious that there were two human and allies areas within.

“That fragment.” Tai Wo pointed in the distance. “The scanners have discovered a deep cave within, it should be left behind by one of the teams, we don’t need to waste our strengths.”

Sou! Sou! Sou!

The 10 warriors swiftly flew over, closing millions of km in an instant as they landed randomly within the fragment.

This fragment had many marks of battle, it was clear that over trillions of years, it had received countless ripples and attacks. Its largest diameter was 1.6km and smallest was 1.1 km, it had a total of 21 pathways within.

Luo Feng and the team followed one pathway until they reached the core of the fragment.

This was a huge cave with a diameter of about 100m.

“It’s pretty big.” Tai Wo smiled and pointed at the ground.

Sou!

A resting quarters completely made of Tungsten essence appeared and landed on the ground.

“Open.” Tai Wo ordered.

The cabin door opened automatically and the group entered.

…

Within the resting room deep in the fragment.

“We just arrived at Shattered stars system, everybody take a rest.” Tai Wo smiled. “we’ll first contact our neighbors through the virtual universe network…the allies that we have in this 1 billion km area. Even though humans have taken most of the region, there will be other race warriors that might invade the area. We cannot see their markers, and those that come will definitely have confidence and strength. Just our sector lord team won’t be able to handle them alone, it’s better to contact our allies.” After which Tai Wo closed his eyes and sent his consciousness into the virtual universe network to contact the neighbors.

The others relaxed.

All calming themselves.

They rested in order to do better in battle.

“1 billion contribution points and 10 trillion.” Luo Feng sat in the sofa and pondered. “The army gave me a quota of 1 billion. As long as I finish that…I’ll be free, I can choose to retire or exchange for treasure, even choosing to continue to battle or battling alone.”

“Hm.”

“I’ll first stick with Tai Wo and the others, I’ll swiftly gain experience about the battlefield and I’ll be able to quickly complete my 1 billion points quota too.” He thought. “Once that’s done, I’ll probably understand how to survive in the battlefield, then I’ll no longer need to stick to the team.”

Sticking to this team, he had no way to fully unleash his strength.

As there were too many people, revealing his true strength would shock them and they would naturally tell their other friends about it…then it’d be troublesome.

Luo Feng was very clear.

His status as the primal chaos city leader’s disciple didn’t bring just benefits, it brought dangers as well…the other races would madly rush to kill him.

“When I work alone later on.”

“I’ll be able to unleash my strength and kill the other races, even if my identity is revealed, I can swiftly switch locations.”

“Hm.”

“I’m still a newbie here, I have to gain more experience.” Luo Feng thought, “I’ll help out this team while I’m here.”

At this time, Tai Wo opened his eyes.

“Haha, I’ve already contacted our neighbors. They are also two elite sector lord teams led by undyings. One is a human elite team while another is an allied race team.” Tai Wo smiled. “We’ve formed a offensive and defensive alliance. If anyone other race warriors dare attack us here, we 3 will join together. Our survival rate would grow by a huge amount. Everybody rest for a day, tomorrow we begin our battle!”

“Yes!”

The 9 sector lords replied, all filled with anticipation.


Chapter 764: Lei Quan Race

The 7 old members were on high alert when they arrived in Shattered star. This was completely normal to them, as they had been in such environments for too long.

Luo Feng was on high alert too when they first arrived. There was a saying that an able person was more daring. With his high perspectives, and mental state, Luo Feng quickly got used to such a state of alertness, that of being in critical danger at any time.

As for Rock.

He was a new recruit too, however his strength was far from Luo Feng’s, and was only considered exceptional amongst other sector lords. After rushing to shattered stars the moment he signed on, the moment he thought about being in such danger all the time, he was unable to calm down. Since the killing aura within the entire area was too heavy, he was a nervous wreck.

“Rock, you should send a part of your consciousness to the virtual universe network to play some games and relax.” Tai Wo smiled as he noticed.

“Yes captain.” Rock was filled with regret.

“Don’t feel bad, everyone here, when we first came to the wars, the feeling of a battle breaking out at any time…it forced everyone to go crazy. There are no such terrifying places in humanity’s territories. The new recruits all go through the same thing, we call it the new recruit sickness.” Tai Wo smiled.

Rock nodded and connected to the virtual universe network to relax.

“Captain.” Demon lady smiled, “Madman doesn’t seem to have that sickness at all, he seems totally calm.”

“You think he’s an ordinary person?” Poison lay in his sofa and hugged his bottle of wine. He seemed to enjoy drinking the most out of all the members, as for creating potions…most of his experiments were done in the virtual universe as it was realistic enough. As long as there are enough materials, he could do the same in reality.

…

The group chatted casually, some choosing to rest up. Very quickly, the next day came.

“Gather!” The undying Tai wo ordered.

Poison, Mad Wu, God, madman…they all swiftly stood up.

“This is our first mission since coming to Shattered stars, we have to succeed.” Tai Wo’s gaze swept past the 9 of them. “The old members should know the rules. New recruits…when we encounter special situations, just watch how the old members react.”

“Yes.”

Luo Feng and Rock nodded.

“Alright, let’s go.” Tai Wo smiled and ordered.

“We can finally begin to gain contribution points.”

“Haha, I used up most of mine long ago.” The old members all laughed, these old members had gone through many life or death situations to become sector lord generals, they had long completed their quotas, hence they were free from the army long ago, they could use the points gathered to exchange for treasures they needed.

Normally 100,000 contribution points added up to 1 mixed element.

Luo Feng and group swiftly exited the nest, the captain naturally kept the resting quarters.

“C9 grade ship?” Luo Feng and Rock stood on the fragment, shocked at the floating ship.

“Right, we’ll be taking a C9 grade ship out.” Tai Wo nodded, “This C9 ship’s weakness is its slow acceleration and deceleration, and it dodges slow too. However the moment it accelerates, it can be quite fast too. Reaching sub light speed shouldn’t be too hard.”

“The most important thing is…there are too many powerful warriors in shattered stars, they can attack at any time. The moment they do, the ship would be destroyed…we wil

l be staying here for a long time, if we lose a ship everytime, I cannot afford such losses. Hehe, such C9 grade ships are very cheap, even if I lose hundreds of thousands to millions of them, I wouldn’t feel the pinch.” Tai Wo smiled.

Luo Feng was stunned.

C9 grade ships were indeed very cheap, even a million of them wouldn’t add up to 1 mixed element. To an undying…it was indeed very very cheap. Afterall, any heirs to some powerful families all can sit in C grade ships. These were definitely made large scale, just one ancient family alone…would probably have up to 10s of millions of them.

And the wealth of such families usually didn’t even add up to an undying’s.

…

Luo Feng and the others sat in the low quality C9 ship, flying at sub light speed, dodging the many fragments and maintaining distance from them.

“The scanning device I bring along with me is worth 120 mixed elements, which is much more valuable than a C9 grade ship.” Tai Wo stood in the resting quarters and smiled. “This scanning device is able to detect life signals within area with a diameter of 1 hundred million km. Even though we know the markers of our allies, we don’t know our enemies’. Hence we have to rely on such devices, this thing…we cannot scrimp on it. A good scanning device is very important.”

Luo Feng laughed.

The scanning device was indeed important, hence before coming to the outer region wars, he had exchanged for one himself. With his status and discount, he spent 3.9 million points on one. Naturally, to Luo Feng who had 3 billion points back then, it didn’t cost much, and whether it was the outer region wars or the secret regions, this would come in handy.

Even after discount it was 3.9 million points.

If it were auctioned outside, it would cost at least 10 million mixed elements and normal official level undyings only had that much. Such an expensive scanning device like this…normally only emperor level undyings could afford.

“If the enemy has a powerful scanning device too, it would detect our scan.” Tai Wo said, “Naturally a lot of other races are weaker technologically. They would only detect us after we began our attack.”

The ship continued to progress.

The 1st day, they were mostly within the area with their allies.

The 2nd day, it began with sparse warriors about, later on they discovered many other race warriors.

…

2nd day, in the ship.

“Quick, change direction and fly away from the target.” Tai Wo ordered, the ship changed its direction and maintained its sub light speed.

“What’s wrong captain?”

“Why so scared?”

Demon lady and Mad Wu mocked.

Tai Wo hushed them, “There are ripples of 6 undyings.”

“What?” Luo Feng was slightly shocked, everybody else however jumped up.

“6 undyings gathered together?” The illusionist Wei hugging his cat stared wide eyed.

“Hm.”

“Relax, we’ve been maintaining our speed close to the limit within the area. And with us flying away from them, even if they wanted to chase…they wouldn’t be able to.” Tai Wo smiled, “They probably detected us too and are too lazy to bother.”

“A team formed from 6 undyings?” Luo Feng was curious.

“Hm, this team might have an official level strength within such a team.” Tai Wo nodded, “Such a terrifying team is definitely a trump card team. We are only an elite team. If we faced off…just one official level undying would be able to kill us all.”

Flying within the space, they were careful throughout.

After experiencing several other dangerous situations.

“Discovered target.”

“92.84 million km away from target, there are a total of 5 of them, they should all be sector lords.” Tai Wo said.

“5 sector lords? No difficulty at all.” The white armored God smiled.

“Be careful everyone, those able to come to shattered stars are all not easy opponents. Even if they are just 5 sector lords, they should have some trump cards.” Poison warned.

“Understood.”

“Relax Little Chen Chen.”

The ship then began to slow down and headed towards the targets.

“Distance shrinking, 90 million km…80 million…70 million…the 5 sector lords stayed within a fragment without any movement. I guess their scanning device is just average, hence they haven’t discovered our scan…and their scanner, should have been jammed by ours already.” Tai Wo said.

Anyone in the outer region wars definitely had scanning devices.

If I can detect you and you cant detect me, this was the difference in technology.

Like when they were attacked by the automaton warrior before, their scanners never picked up anything. It was obvious the enemy was much more advanced in technology. And this time…it seemed like their own device was superior to the targets’.

…

After awhile, the distance closed to 3 million km.

“Ship decreasing speed, stopping.”

“We’ve already detected their appearances, they are 5 other race sector lords, look.” Tai Wo’s arm screen shot out a blurry light that projected the images in mid air. It had their height and size, skin color etc along with detailed information.

It was 5 other race warriors. Their heights were between 21-25m, and they were definitely giants compared to humanity.

They all wore thick armor.

The top half of their bodies were close to humans.

The bottom half were creatures with 6 thick hooves, with a long scaled tail, their entire body was covered in green scales.

“Lei Quan race.” Tai Wo said seriously.

“They are creatures proficient in thunder, they are on the bug clan’s side.” Poison nodded.

“No wonder they dared to come here, the thunder race creatures are harder to deal with.”

These old members all began their discussions.

Luo Feng carefully looked at the pictures, getting a better understanding of the other races. Actually Tai wo and Poison etc, they didn’t know detailed information about the other races that much. They used their countless battles and interactions with the other races to accumulate their experiences. Hence they had a rough understanding of their abilities.

Luo Feng however knew everything extremely well.

Lei Quan race: They had a sacred land Lei Quan, every infant would be placed in that area, when they could use their own strengths to climb up to the peak of the area and out of it, only then would their nurturing stage be complete. Hence everyone of them…were naturally proficient in lightning laws, they could naturally control it and their comprehension of the laws too naturally made their strengths powerful.

Just like the mosha clansman being proficient in the space laws and the golden horned beast in that of the gold.

Naturally.

Even though they had natural talent, they mostly relied on the evolution from the Lei Quan sacred land. Hence, in terms of comprehension and law unleashing, it couldn’t compare to the mosha clansman. Even so…compared to humans, it was already a huge advantage.

However they did have a weakness…their numbers weren’t even a millionth of humanity.

“Everybody get out of the ship.”

“And sneak in.”

“We will unleash our attacks simultaneously.” Captain Tai Wo ordered.

“Yes.”

The group sneakily flew down and Tai Wo kept the ship. Later on, they tore through the space and headed towards the fragment where the 5 sector lord Lei Quan race warriors were hiding…


Chapter 765: 1st Batch of Contribution Points

At this time within the fragment’s caves.

5 Lei Quan sector lords were chatting and laughing within.

“Superior, the contribution points we got this time were not bad. If this speed keeps up, within a decade, you’ll have collected sufficient contribution points. Then you can go back and be absorbed into the sacred land!” A warrior with a lion like body with 6 hooves, covered in green scales and a human like torso said.

The tallest 25 m Lei Quan race warrior laughed loudly.

“Right, those that looked down on you before will definitely regret it.”

“They will think that he actually died in the outer region wars.”

The many clansman all laughed loudly and happily.

Of which the smallest one with a height of 21m, an icy cold looking one revealed a rare smile. “Back then when I stayed in the clan I was under someone, I forced myself out of a death path… finding the only chance. Coming to the outer region wars only has two outcomes. One is to die and the other is to succeed and return, standing above others!”

…

In space, Tai Wo and the others were 100,000 km away.

“Stop.” Tai Wo communicated.

The 9 sector lords stopped, the 10 of them were standing in space.

“Don’t get anxious.” Tai Wo pointed at the distant fragment. “There are 5 sector lords within. They shouldn’t have discovered us yet, they are now within the fragment itself…let me first send the 1st attack, even if they don’t die, they’d lose half of their strength.”

“Captain, we’ll rely on you.”

“The captain’s cannon is coming.”

The old members communicated and laughed.

Luo Feng watched on curiously.

“Hmph.” Tai Wo raised his hands and immediately a torrent of ground undying energy began to gather in his hands, the god energy condensed further…it got stronger and stronger, until a yellow light ball formed between his hands. The strength of the god energy kept rising until even Luo Feng changed his expression.

This was purely overpowering the enemy with strength!

“Go!” Tai Wo rushed forward like lightning, flashing over 100,000 km until he was only a few km away from the fragment. Then he waved his hands almost like tossing out a huge asteroid.

Rumble!

An undying energy ball became a glaring laser, rushing into the spacious cave of the fragment (For the Lei Quan clansmen to fit through, it was naturally spacious).

Within the cave

“Not good!”

“Let’s go.” The skinny Lei Quan clansman changed his expression and ordered.

Their detection device in the superior’s hands had gone off when Tai Wo had rushed closed to them with that powerful energy ripple, he immediately ordered all of them to flee…

At the time…rumble!

The Lei Quan clansmen flew in all directions, rushing into the pathways out when a huge explosion occurred.

Rumble…the powerful undying energy imploded within, large amounts of energy rippled along the caves and swiftly flew out. The powerful force had torn through space itself, flowing through the caves and rushing out.

It naturally hit the 5 Lei Quan warriors.

This attack was one that the undying Tai Wo had stored for long before unleashing. Even though they were only hit by the ripples of the explosion, it was still more deadly than 10 sector lords’ combined attacks.

Chi! Purple blood spewed out.

The green scales tore apart.

The 5 Lei Quan warriors let out enraged roars, their 6 hooves stomping as they rushed out of the fragment.

At this time, a distant beam of light shot over.

“Kill!” The leading undying with powerful law ripples ordered.

“It’s the humans.”

“Human undying!”

“It’s the law domain.”

The 5 Lei Quan warriors changed their expressions.

The undying Tai Wo instantly unleashed his law domain, countless yellow light dots spread over the area. Every dot was like a mountain, madly rushing at the incredibly huge Lei Quan sector l

ords. Even though the law domain couldn’t kill them, it had decreased their speeds by over half!

And Luo Feng, Poison and the others, went according to the plan… swiftly surrounding them.

“Be careful everybody.”

“Killing 5 sector lords isn’t that difficult, however we don’t want any losses here.” Tai Wo communicated.

“Relax.”

“We understand.”

The 9 members all followed, they knew too that falling into a trap would easily be dangerous for them. They all had partners who had fallen along with the enemy despite having huge advantages.

…

Seeing the human sector lord team surround them, the leader being an undying, the 5 Lei Quan warriors changed their expressions.

“I’ll deal with the undying.” The skinny little warrior’s eyes gleamed with madness.

“Superior.”

“Superior.”

The other 4 looked nervous.

“Remember, there’s only two options, live or die! Give it your all.” The skinny warrior said. He was only skinny and small compared to the others. Compared to humans…he made the biggest Mother Flame race Hammer look like a child, he couldn’t even compare to the size of one hoof!

“Right.”

“Yes superior.”

The 4 warriors almost simultaneously brandished close to 15m tall shields, another hand wielding 60m long pikes, their bodies covered in thunder snakes.

“Humans!!!” the skinny warrior brandished the same weapons, his shield however was slightly smaller. The pike however reached a length of 80m, and it had incredibly complex engravings on it, the blood thirst emanating from it was terrifying.

“Receive my attack!” The skinny warrior roared. His 6 hooves in space shook, as the surrounding space instantly tore apart. The long pike seemed to become a huge lightning bolt, as he roared, the pike pierced forward!

Rumble!

The pike became a thunder whirlpool, turning and changing as it pierced forward.

“Hm?” The undying Tai Wo receiving the attack felt his reaction time slow down by quite a bit, and his expression changed, “Not good, it’s a genius Lei Quan warrior that’s well trained in thunder and time laws.”

The well experienced Tai Wo was very clear on this.

It was extremely hard for a human sector lord to be on par with an undying.

However the chances of that happening in the other races was much higher.

It was because their basic foundation was much higher.

“Roar!” Tai Wo instantly punched forward.

With the punch, it was like an endless mountain pushing forward, infused with law comprehension bound strongly to it.

Rumble!

The punch and the pike clashed head on.

The huge ‘skinny and small’ Lei Quan warrior was knocked back over 1,000km. Purple blood spewed from his mouth as he roared, “Go and die, go and die!” His expression malevolent as he stomped his 6 hooves in space and once again rushed at Tai Wo. The thunder pike in his hand seemed to grow even more and his arms seemed to tear because of it. His scales tore apart too, revealing his muscles, it was obvious that he had exceeded his limit.

“Howl!”

The thunder pike actually left his hands and revolved forwards, distorting time and space as it pierced at Tai Wo.

“Haha…the stronger you are, the more contribution points I’ll get from killing you.” Tai Wo smiled wide. Stepping forward, his stomp tore through space and countless space fragments flowed messily, he however was a steady pillar amidst the mess, once again punching forward.

Rumble…

Due to the huge clash between the two of them, the surrounding 100km of space completely crumbled with countless slits of space flowing madly about.

The huge thunder pike was actually knocked back from the punch. However as it flew, it returned back to the skinny Lei Quan warrior with an ugly expression.

“It’s a pity, I’m not the same warrior as when I just came to the outer region wars. If it were the me of back then, I may even be disadvantaged. Now however…you will die, race genius, become my contribution points.” Tai Wo’s energy soared, instantly becoming an endless majestic mountain in space itself, once again punching at the little and skinny Lei Quan warrior.

This punch was more terrifying than the two punches from before.

“Superior.”

“Superior.”

Harsh cries resounded from the other side.

The skinny warrior unleashed his world energy, he had long discovered what had happened on the other side. Amongst his four underlings…two of them had already died.

…

“Ya…” One of the Lei Quan warriors stomped his hooves and pierced his pike at the illusionist Demon lady. It was actually one of her illusions…it caused two of them that had fallen under her spell to be instantly killed.

Demon lady’s expression changed.

That warrior’s eyes were filled with madness. How many years had it been? Back then, 30 underlings had followed their superior into the outer region wars. Massacring along the way, many had fallen…now only four were left. They had finally succeeded and killed a large number of enemies, accumulating their contribution points, seeing the reward within a decade of their grasp, who’d expect them to be attacked today.

Xiu!

A gold light flashed.

The Lei Quan warrior first saw a gold blade from the distance, after that it vanished into space and reappeared right before his eyes, as he stared with shock…

Chi! The gold blade pierced right through his head and into his body, destroying his life core, causing the source to crumble and his internal world to collapse. Some items appeared and filled up the space that was filled with the aftermath of battles.

“Thanks.” Demon lady looked at the dead Lei Quan warrior and winked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng laughed.

He thought within, “This, is probably the 1st other race warrior I’ve killed since coming to the outer region wars.”

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng, you’ve got contribution points.” Babata said.

“Ah?” Luo Feng smiled.

Every battle had to be connected to the virtual universe network, only that way could the system observe the battle and give the contribution points.

“1 million points?” Luo feng looked at the screen, shaking his head, “So stingy, I killed an opponent close to sector lord general level, and they only give me 1 million? However…it’s also my 1st batch.”


Chapter 766: Half a Year

This battle went about swiftly, especially with the illusionists Wei and Demon lady, they easily affected the 4 Lei Quan warriors. Only the captain Tai Wo had to clash head on with the strongest of the group over and over as he could block the illusions.

“No.”

“I can’t accept this, I can’t accept this!” The skinny Lei Quan warrior was almost mad, roaring in his language with his final breaths.

He wanted to survive, but under the pressure of the law domain, his fleeing speed was greatly reduced, he couldn’t flee at all.

Even if he wanted to, he couldn’t!

He could only fight!

And he couldn’t win the fight, he could only die! There was no other choice.

Rumble! With Tai Wo’s 3rd punch, the skinny warrior was reduced to a mess of meat. His internal world within crumbled as well, as countless items appeared.

“Quickly keep the spoils and we’ll go.” Tai Wo ordered.

“Yes.”

The 9 sector lords swiftly collected all the goods before leaving swiftly, taking the ship and flying away at sub light speed.

Within a few minutes.

A few other race teams had arrived at the scene.

“Our allies are dead.”

“The culprits sure fled fast.”

The other teams all checked about before dispersing. The percentage of falling in the outer region wars were simply too high, especially an area like Shattered stars with so many other warriors, the death rate was shocking. The many warriors that came here were all used to it.

…

Within the ship.

“Our spoils are not bad.” Tai Wo said, “That Lei Quan race left us many items, everybody split them.”

“The strongest one was killed by you captain, whoever killed him has the right to decide, captain, you pick.” The tall and sturdy Hammer said with a deep voice.

“I want his long pike. You guys can split everything else.” Tai Wo kept the thunder pike, as an undying, his perspectives were much higher.

The group went through the goods.

“Madman you?”

“Do you want anything?”

Luo Feng sat in the sofa and drank the wine, shaking his head, “You guys go ahead, I don’t need them.”

“That’s the manner of a strong warrior.” Demon lady winked at Poison, “Little Chen Chen, you should show off such manners too, don’t compete with us.”

“Do you think my potions are free.” Poison grasped tightly on the world ring and began to search through the large amount of items, collecting whatever was valuable. After checking a while, he took two items and tossed it to Demon lady, “You guys go ahead, I’m done.”

“Damn.”

“Stingy fellow.”

“Vicious, the best have been taken away.”

Mad Wu, Wei and god all looked with despise at Poison. Actually after all the things they had been through, they were long life or death brothers in arms. This little argument was nothing but their show of affection towards each other. As for the distribution of spoils, they had their own rules that they followed.

Against their condescending gazes, Poison didn’t seemed ashamed at all. Instead, he was satisfied, “I’m not madman, he is a new recruit and he already has the strength to defeat an undying. Even if he wasn’t a core member of the 5 leviathans, he’ll definitely be a favored disciple of an absolute warrior. He definitely has plenty of treasures, he wouldn’t care about such little things, madman, am I right?”

Luo Feng smiled.

Since entering Cang Bird star till now, no one had recognized his true identity.

It wasn’t strange.

The number of humans was simply too much, there were all sorts of appearances, and only a few actually watched the genius battles. Hence, many had probably forgotten it already.

Secondly, over 4,000 years had passed and Luo Feng’s strength and power had all changed completely. He was young and tender back then, however after training in the Beast God path, he was like a ferocious beast even when relaxed. When unleashed it was even more terrifying. After 4,000 years, it had a huge change on a person.

Thirdly, Luo Feng had changed his appearance slightly too.

He had changed his color slightly to give off a different look. Even if his overall look was the same, the slight changes would make him unrecognizable.

His energy and looks had all changed.

Who would have expected this to be the same star level punk from 4,000 years ago, for him to suddenly be a sector lord pinnacle with the strength to match an undying?

Luo Feng and their team sat in the C9 grade ship and carefully explored, dodging the powerful enemies and swiftly dealing with those they could. Each battle was extremely short, they fled right after it was over.

In the blink of an eye, they had already explored for about half a year, with 11 bloody battles!

Three of them were more dangerous, Mad Wu and Wu were heavily injured before, luckily Luo Feng saved them.

…

“Madman, I owe you my life too.” Within the ship’s resting room, Mad Wu came out of the world ring and expressed his gratitude to Luo Feng.

“Even if didn’t save you, Poison would have done so.” Luo Feng said.

“Don’t talk about me, even if I did, I would have paid quite a high cost.” Poison shook his head as he sipped his wine in the sofa. “Having Madman sure is good, with his Nan Shen Armament… passing through the slits of space instantly, it’s speed is shocking. It’s extremely good for saving teammates. Since the enemies usually focus on the captain, thinking he’s the most important, they never actually focus on Madman.”

“They don’t really care about sector lords.” God’s smile was like the sun. “With no one holding up Madman…the three dangers before, if Madman wasn’t there, we’d have to go all out. But with him…it was much easier. With him attacking, it spoilt all the enemies’ plans, messing them up, allowing us to flip the tables.”

Rock however sat quietly in the corner only occasionally making a sound.

Luo Feng glanced at him, he could feel his depression. Rock had joined the team with him, when he became the 2nd most important person next to the captain, Rock still required assistance occasionally from the other older members, naturally he would feel depressed.

He was filled with confidence before as a genius.

However, in front of Luo feng, he had lost his shine.

“A few more setbacks and he’ll awaken.” Luo Feng thought, “Babata, how many points do I have?”

“Including the two you just defeated, you’ve accumulated 32 million contribution points.” Babata said.

“The two I killed just now only added 11 million?” Luo Feng shook his head within, “So stingy.”

It was.

After he had killed the 1st Lei Quan warrior, including the 12 bloody battles over half a year, as well as the many warriors he had killed, according to how his points increased, he got a good understanding on the system.

Killing a normal sector lord soldier alone was 100,000 points.

Killing an elite sector lord soldier alone was 1 million points.

Killing a sector lord general alone was 10 million points.

And this was killing them alone. If others helped, the points would be split and he’d only get a portion of it.

Luo Feng had naturally dealt with the more powerful opponents, he killed mostly generals and elites, hence he accumulated 32 million.

“1 normal sector lord would give a lowest point of 1 million. This means…he’d have to kill 10 opponents of his level to complete his quota.” Luo Feng thought. “Always fighting against others just as strong, to the new recruits, going through this life or death struggle at least ten times?”

Luo Feng shook his head.

Of course, the stronger one was, the higher the requests were.

The army gave him the limit of sector lords to accumulate 1 billion contribution points. The Virtual Universe Company however gave him 10 trillion.

“Not leaving the team and killing normal sector lords like that, even 10,000 years or a million years wouldn’t be enough.” Luo Feng thought. “What’s more, there aren’t any sector lord generals for me to kill. One army usually only has so few sector lords. It’s obvious the Virtual Universe Company is forcing me to kill undyings.”

In the Virtual Universe Company’s point of view, the disciple of the primal chaos city leader should be able to kill undyings at sector lord level.

…

In this half a year, their team had returned to the base 3 times and rested for 10 days to half a month.

“One more battle and we’ll return to rest.” Tai Wo said.

“Yes.”

“After we kill them, we’ll head back to rest.”

The members all laughed, relaxed.

They carefully scouted for enemies, after 8 hours had passed, they found their target.

A completely jade green ship was flying within shattered stars system.

A living ship was actually one that was commonly seen in the universe. However…it was more mainstream only within the demon clan etc, as for humans and automatons, they mostly used alloy and metal ships. The living ships and the metal ships all had their pros and cons.

Within the control room.

Standing at 1.6m tall, a completely red scaled life form extended its claws and grabbed a glass of wine and sipped. Beside him stood another that looked exactly alike.

The two of them gave off fire law ripples.

“Two captains, the swallowing is complete, the living ship has reached 100% completion.” A smaller sector lord said respectfully.

“Hm.”

The two captains nodded.

20 sector lords were gathered within the control, all of them were obviously from the same race. Even though they were all about 1.3m to 1.7m tall, their eyes were vicious and their bodies covered in scales, their elbows and knees sharp, it was obviously a race proficient in battle.

“The scanning device has detected battle ripples.” 1 stronger looking undying being said.

“Get close!” Another scaled being immediately ordered, “Also scan their strengths.”

“Hm.”

In just 10 seconds or so.

“We’ve already discovered their ripples, there’s an undying and the rest are sector lords.” The stronger looking being said excitedly, “Just one undying.”

“Prepare for battle!” The other one immediately stood up and roared.

Hua!

20 sector lord scaled beings all stood up, armor appeared on the surface of their bodies. Weapons appeared in their arms and their eyes were mad and blood thirsty.


Chapter 767: Sworn Enemy

“Fu Wei San, the target’s scanning device should be lousier than ours, they haven’t detected us.” The stronger looking undying being said solemnly.

“Hm.” The intrepid scaled being nodded, his gaze sweeping over the 20 sector lords. “Children, the targets haven’t detected us, we’ll sneak in. Remember, you all have to stick close to Tuo Lu, that way our scanning device can jam theirs and make them unable to detect us.”

“Yes.” The 20 sector lords all seemed to be frantic to go.

“Distance shrinking, 10 million km, 8 million, 6 million…” The stronger looking undying said softly.

“Slowing down.” The one called Fu Wei San ordered.

The living ship swiftly stopped.

“All get off, we’ll fly over.” Fu Wei Sand ordered.

Immediately 20 bloodthirsty sector lord scaled beings all rushed out. The other two undyings followed.

In space.

Luo Feng and their team were engaged in battle with another team. Without a doubt, Luo Feng’s team had the advantage as the enemy had only two sector lords remaining.

“Hm?” Luo Feng gazed into the distant black blur, “Enemies?”

Tai wo’s scanning device was only worth 120 mixed elements, maybe it was better than the Lei Quan race’s device. However, amongst the undying, there were many that had devices better than Tai Wo’s. Luo Feng’s scanning device was much more advanced, with his status, with a huge discount, he bought one at 3.9 million points.

The auction of that same device would hit up to over 10 million mixed elements.

Hence…when they were 1 billion km away, Luo Feng’s scanning device had already detected them. The only thing was he didn’t care too much…as it was very likely that they were simply passing by. However, as they drew closer and began to head in their direction, Luo Feng understood that they had been discovered.

“Small things.” Luo Feng thought, his inherited memories had allowed him to know of these creatures.

Qiu Shi race: One of the tens of millions of energy life forms, blood thirsty and enjoyed swallowing other life forms, they are very brutal.

Just like the rock life forms, some had souls while others didn’t.

The blood and flesh life forms, some had weaker bodies while some had bodies stronger than even the metal life forms.

One theory was that the energy life forms, as one of the powerful life forms had all sorts of creatures. Some were well known for assassination like the Mosha clan, standing at the pinnacle of the energy life forms. However, there were others more commonly seen like the Qiu Shi race, they had terrifying soul attacks but couldn’t change their forms like the Mosha, stuck in fixed forms.

However the moment they exploded their bodies, they could still reform it, this was a power of the energy life forms.

However everytime they exploded, the harm to their bodies was huge.

And also, they swallowed other life forms, using them to replenish their energies as they absorb, this was also a power of the energy life forms.

Swallowing living bodies, there were many in the universe that enjoyed doing so.

…

In the distance.

The scaled beings were suppressing their excitement as they drew closer, the skinny scaled being ordered, “Slow down, Tuo Lu, we’ll attack them first and heavily injure them.”

“Alright.” The stronger looking undying was obviously excited.

Chi chi…the two undying scaled beings extended their two claws. Mad undying energy began to gather within, condensing and forming a fire god core crystal kind of attack. The fire god core crystals were incredibly condensed undying crystals, melded into a crystal and used to detonate into an explosion.

Even an emperor level undying wouldn’t have the ability to condense enough energy to form a core crystal level kind of power.

“Kill!”

The two undyings swiftly flashed forward and the 20 sector lords immediately followed.

As they drew closer, the two undyings were already prepared to unleash their undying energy balls.

…

“Qiu Shi race, blood thirsty and proficient in battle.” Luo Feng thought. “Two undyings and 20 sector lords, quite troublesome. Hm? Condensed undying energy?”

“Haha, hurry and collect the spoils, once we are done we will return to our base.” Captain Tai Wo laughed and said.

“This battle was easy enough.” Illusionist Wei laughed.

“Back to the nest.” Poison cheered.

“We can finally rest.” The white robed God smiled.

The group of sector lords swiftly collected the floating goods about, Luo Feng pretended to look about, suddenly he stared into the distance and shouted to the group, “Enemies!”

“Enemies?”

“Where? We haven’t even battled for 3 minutes and others have come?”

Tai Wo, Poison and the others all looked in the direction of where Luo Feng was looking. In the distance, two beams of lights were rushing over.

“Condensed Undying energy attack!” Tai Wo’s expression changed as he immediately raised his hands.

Rumble! Rumble!

Two light pillars shot out from Tai Wo’s hands headed straight for the two beams of light. Tai Wo simultaneously shouted, “Retreat, hurry and retreat.” The sector lord team swiftly began to flee.

Rumble…

His two light pillars clashed instantly with the condensed undying flame energy, creating a terrifying explosion. The powerful undying energy instantly tore through up to 1,000 km of space, rippling in all directions. Luckily Luo Feng had warned them quick enough and Tai Wo reacted quickly…hence their team was far enough to be slightly hit by the ripples without anyone getting injured.

“This undying energy!” Tai Wo’s expression changed.

“This flame undying energy…” Poison who was originally serious suddenly began to grow enraged as he shouted hoarsely, “It’s them! It’s them!!!”

The most collected of the team, Tornado felt the flame undying energy and even his expression grew mad. One had to know that every undying energy was unique. His eyes grew bloodshot as he howled, “It’s that flesh eating freak, that flesh eating freak!!!”

“The flesh eating freak!” Demon lady and Wei, the two illusionists changed their expressions too.

Mad Wu!

God!

Hammer!

The captain Tai Wo!

They all flew into a frenzy.

“What’s going on?” Luo Feng and Rock were stunned.

“Madman, Rock, that team is our sworn enemy, don’t hold back, use everything to kill them. Kill all of them flesh eating freaks.” Tai Wo ordered.

“7th brother! 7th brother!” Poison howled as tears welled up in his eyes. He could never forget the scene of the number two of their team back then, 7th brother, risking his life to save them from that undying scaled being. He finally died and was even eaten before the team. Poison had gone mad back then.

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

Captain Tai Wo and the 7 old members all were enraged, charging straight into the distance, Luo Feng and rock naturally followed.

A group of lights shot over too.

“Haha, they actually didn’t flee.”

“We knew it was the bunch of humans that survived back then. I didn’t expect you all to come and fight.”

The two undying scaled beings were excited as they laughed, they were very clear of the enemies’ strength. This human team only had one undying that was harder to deal with. Back then, there was another fighter that was very powerful, able to match up to an undying. However he was still finally eaten by Tuo Lu.

Two teams.

One with one undying and 9 sector lords.

Another with two undyings and 20 sector lords.

Both met in space and almost instantly clashed.

“Children, kill them all, eat them all.” The intrepid scaled undying cackled as he ordered.

“Yes.”

“Yes lord.”

The group of sector lord beings laughed madly, all wielding blades and knives etc, all extremely fast and nimble as they rushed forward.

“Ah!!!” Poison’s voice was hoarse, his expression manic as he howled. The originally 1m tall little childlike being instantly grew stronger and bigger, his body began to shoot out dark green vines that madly spread in all directions, he flipped his hand and brandished a colorful potion that was instantly swallowed by the vines.

“Grow!” Poison roared, “Die!”

Rumble!

Poison had already grown into a 12m tall giant, his chest glowing with a glaring engraving gold light, that light shone on the vines. The dark green vines that had absorbed the potion began to go through a special change along with Poison. The originally dark green vines…grew a layer of gold membrane over it.

“3,621 years!”

“7th brother died for us.”

“I’ve been making potions everyday and studying them, finally I succeeded in making one that can combine with my plant life form, all for this day…all for this day!!! Go and die, all of you!!!” Poison howled, a total of 72 vines, almost like 72 gold snakes pierced through space and madly waved about.

The two scaled sector lords originally rushing at him were instantly wrapped by two vines. “Pu chi…” They were instantly torn to shreds, causing their internal life core to break. Their internal worlds collapsed and countless items flew out.

“It’s you, you.”

“You ate 7th brother.”

“Go and die.” The manic giant Poison howled as he stared at the stronger looking scaled undying.

Rumble…72 huge vines covered in gold membrane shot through 1,000km, all aiming towards that undying.

“Kill.” Tai Wo was engaged in battle with that intrepid scaled undying too.

Madness!

The battle had reached its climax in an instant.


Chapter 768: Annihilation

“Fu Wei San, this little punk is stronger than before.” The stronger looking scaled undying suddenly brandished a 3m long flame red blade as he spoke.

“I’ll handle the human undying, you settle that chemist! All children kill the human sector lords.” A 100m long chain appeared in his hands as flames burned about it, that chain was like a black fire dragon dancing in space.

“Understood.” The other undying laughed.

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

The manic little sector lord scaled beings all wielded their weapons and clashed with the humans.

…

The most intense battle was without doubt Poison against the stronger looking scaled undying Tuo Lu.

“Rumble…” 72 gold vines madly rushed at Tuo Lu, the surrounding space was torn apart but Tuo Lu maintained his manic laughter. He instantly unleashed his law domain, causing countless flames to fill the area. They burned the vines and even Poison himself.

“Go and die!!!” Poison howled, bearing with the flames.

“Haha, little punk, you think you can use the plant life form to kill me at sector lord level?” Tuo Lu smiled manically. The scales on his face shifted as he attacked the vines about him ferociously.

The fiery blade kept flashing!

Almost like a huge fire wheel, it knocked away the large amounts of vines around even knocking away the gold membrane and slashing through one of the vines. Some of the gold membranes that were torn apart quickly regrew new ones.

Under the attack of the huge fire wheel, the many gold membranes began to dissipate and the vines were being cut.

“Howl.” The dark green vine let out a painful thought.

“Ah Mo, Ah Mo, give it your all. Even if we die, we have to kill him, kill him.” Poison’s expression was manic. The plant life form was extremely loyal, the moment it recognized its owner, it would die along with him. Since the owner was giving his all…this plant would naturally not hesitate!

Rumble…gold membrane vines pierced through the space and wrapped about Tuo Lu.

There were vines being cut all around, however they would join with the broken pieces, its regenerative speed was quite fast. However… everytime it got cut, the damage to the plant was huge.

“Ah Mo, Ah mo.” Poison howled.

Powerless!

He could feel…against this ugly scaled undying, he was disadvantaged.

“I’m still not strong enough. Even though I’ve successfully killed an undying before, that was one that used a large hammer, he had no way to cut Ah Mo. He was finally worn out by Ah Mo.” Poison teared as he stared hard at the enemy, roaring within, “7th brother, 7th brother, I will definitely kill him, definitely!”

…

Poison’s battle was very intense, however the other old members were just as fatigued.

Everyone of them had 2-3 sector lords attacking them. These beings were bloodthirsty and intrepid. Maybe alone they were no match for the humans, but with 2 to 3 of them together, it wore out the members.

“Illusions have little effect on them.” Demon lady said anxiously.

Hammer wielded a shield and large hammer, protecting her beside him, “These flesh eating freaks, their home is filled with massacre. They’ve been killing since young and have grown up in such an atmosphere. They’ve long become used to such a demeanor, it’s in their bones. Hypnotizing them is hard, we can only kill!”

“I’ve killed one.” Mad Wu was in a dangerous place too, he was being attacked by 4 of them at a time.

“Harming them is useless.” Rock said urgently. “Damaging them is useless.”

“Rock, if you don’t destroy their life core, even if their bodies explode, they can reform. The moment you pierce their bodies, you have to destroy their life core.” God said anxiously.

The battle reached a crazy level.

“Madman.”

“Madman, help.”

“Madman, hurry, Poison is risking his life, he’s in the most danger.” The captain Tai Wo was extremely urgent.

Luo Feng gazed about after killing two sector lords. The gold Nan Shen blade instantly became a splendid gold light and tore through space before vanishing.

“Chi!” The gold light appeared and pierced through a sector lord scaled being’s chest, destroying its energy crystal. “Rumble!” Large amounts of items poured out.

“Shua!” The gold light flashed again and another scaled being stared wide eyed with its mouth opened wide, revealing cold fangs, its gaze dimming…

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

Luo Feng used his strength, even though he hadn’t unleashed much, it was still akin to a normal undying’s strength. The Nan Shen gold blade that could pass through the slits of space killed at a shocking speed, 10 sector lord scaled beings were instantly killed within three seconds.

The many scaled bodies floated in space, their internal worlds collapsed and countless items filled the area.

“Madman sure is powerful.”

“Powerful.”

The other sector lord members couldn’t help but get shocked. It was actually not that easy for an undying to massacre so many sector lords in the battle field. One had to see the type! If a fighter undying wanted to kill 10 sector lords, it would be a troublesome thing. And Luo Feng however used the Nan Shen Blade that was proficient in chasing down and killing others.

“What.” The intrepid scaled undying stuck with Tai Wo, Fu Wi San, was shocked to see the distant black armored human, “Nan Shen armament? 9th form?”

“Fu Wei San, there’s one in the team akin to an undying.” The other scaled undying Tuo Lu was shocked too, “What do we do?”

“Retreat!” Fu Wei San ordered.

The tables had turned.

The humans now had three undying strengths.

They only had two.

And the human side…had the other sector lords. While they wouldn’t be able to kill them, they could weaken and affect them.

“You can’t run.” Luo Feng had just killed 10 sector lord scaled beings in one breath. He immediately controlled the gold blade to rush at the scaled undying Tuo Lu that was fighting the dark green vines.

Xiu!

The gold blade vanished and appeared 300m away, and them immediately 2m behind Tuo Lu.

Pu Chi!

It instantly pierced at his armor, the armor however blocked it. The powerful force within the Nan Shen gold blade caused a huge vibration within his body. His two blades were affected and the dark green vines immediately rushed in, wrapping around the undying Tuo Lu.

“Hm? An undying’s defense sure is strong.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed in the distance. “Looks like the 1st level of the 9th form doesn’t have much effect.”

The Nan Shen armament’s 9th form, A Match against undying.

Could actually be split into 3 levels.

Its power too could be split into passing the heavenly bridge’s 13th, 14th and 15th level.

Of which the 1st level, when unleashed would vanish occasionally… able to travel through the slits of space and re-appear. The distance it could do so was short, only a few hundred meters. The travel distance was very short…hence the attack power was only average, at most harming a normal undying.

Normally unleashing the 1st level was enough to affect an undying, causing him to be unable to chase back. One would be able to survive against an undying.

The 2nd level had a huge increase in power, the distance it could vanish for would get even further.

Both levels had a weakness though. When it travelled through the slits of space it would have law ripples. An undying proficient in space law would be able to sense this ripple and easily dodge and defend against it.

Only the 3rd level!

It’s power increased by leaps and bounds! It’s travel distance would reach over a million km! And only then would its travel reach the level of true teleportation, without a sense of space ripple, making it undetectable! Of course it’s only the weapon being teleported, and that…was obviously much easier than the teleportation of one’s body.

Even so, it was the maximum power of the Nan Shen Armament!

“However it’s obvious that this scaled undying’s space comprehension is very weak. He cannot seem to detect the space ripples.” Luo Feng’s gaze flashed coldly.

…

“The Nan Shen armament cannot harm me.” The undying Tuo Lu howled, beginning to defend against the dark green vines and flee.

Xiu!

A gold light flashed.

It once again pierced at Tuo Lu’s body. With experience from before, he was filled with confidence, however after that he felt a terrifying force pass through his body, weng…it caused his undying body to shake and make it almost crumble, his hands going completely numb.

Hu…the dark green vines once again wrapped about him.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

72 heavily damaged vines shrank swiftly and became the thickness of an arm, wrapping madly about Tuo Lu.

“Ah ah…” Tuo Lu struggled madly.

However in terms of strength, with the special form of the 72 vines combined, it was much stronger than him.

“Hahaha… go and die.” Poison immediately went mad as he howled. “The last undying died just like that, you are set to die.”

Ka cha ka cha…

Pa! Pa!

Tuo Lu’s bones were constricted till they broke apart, after which large amount undying energy exploded from within. The 72 vines however had formed a dark green cage covered in gold light, without a single slit, it completely trapped his undying energy within.

If he had reached the level of undying body, he could have disintegrated and slipped out. However he hadn’t reached that level, if the damage was too severe and his spirit imprint was destroyed, that would be the end.

Howl…Pain and rage rang from within the dark green cage, dissipating after awhile.

The undying Tuo Lu had fallen!

“7th brother!!!” Poison raised his head and howled, his throat had gone completely hoarse as tears flowed down his eyes. He knelt before the dark green vines.


Chapter 769: Sinister Tactics

After holding the hatred for over 3,000 years, he had studied on raising his potion strength madly, dreaming of the day he could take his revenge. Poison had always thought…if his 7th brother hadn’t gone to distract the enemy back then, he could have totally escaped. However, to save poison, he went to block the scaled undying Tuo Lu, thereby sacrificing his life.

“I’ve succeeded, 7th brother, I did it, I’ll killed that flesh eating freak.” Poison shouted within. Over the 3,000 years, he laughed and cursed on the surface, but that hatred had always remained within.

This grudge was settled.

“There’s another one.” Poison turned fiercely and stared at the distant Tai Wo fighting against the scaled undying Fu Wei San.

“Go and die.” Poison controlled his plant life form and immediately 72 vines swiftly shot towards him.

It wasn’t just him.

Luo Feng had already controlled his Nan Shen Armament to head towards the last enemy, the strongest of the Qiu Shi group.

…

“Die.”

“You can’t escape.”

“Die.”

The illusionists Wei and Demon lady, along with the spirit reader Mad Wu and god etc, all used their soul attacks and illusions, along with spirit weapons and so on. They didn’t aim to actually damage him, but as long as they could affect him in the slightest, it would allow Tai Wo to gain the advantage.

“Tuo Lu is dead.” Fu Wei San noticed his partner’s death and glanced at Luo Feng and Poison who were rushing over. He was shocked within, “Those two sector lords are very powerful, the moment they combine forces with this human undying…I’ll be in trouble. I may even fall here.”

“I can’t care about anything else.”

The scaled undying Fu Wei San wanted to flee without getting injured, however with Tai Wo holding him back now and Luo Feng and poison rushing over.

“Yayaya…” He roared manically, the flaming black chain on his body instantly vanished and he used his two claws to smash directly at Tai Wo’s fists.

“Swell!!!”

His two claws immediately glowed a glaring fiery red. One had to know that an undying’s body was formed from countless amounts of undying energy condensed together. The moment one became undying, his body could easily become endless undying energy and vice versa, of course he had to maintain the spirit imprint for it to be complete.

Fu Wei San instantly gave up both his arms, placing about 10% of the energy he had accumulated over countless years into them. It may seem like a small 10%, however every part of an undying’s body was filled with their spirit imprint. Hence, while exploding, it would give up part of their spirit imprint too. He didn’t have an undying body yet, that was something that allowed regeneration so long as there was a single cell available. He wasn’t at that level, hence…blowing up 10% of his body was already his limit.

Rumble…

The powerful explosion hit Tai Wo and knocked him far away.

The surrounding space exploded open with a large ravine opening from the tears. Countless space fragments flowed madly throughout and rippled in all directions, even the distant floating scaled sector lord warrior corpses’ large amount of items were instantly destroyed from the ripples.

Rumble! Fu Wei San used his undying armor to withstand the explosion and used its force to propel him away as he swiftly escaped!

Sou!

He instantly flew over 100,000 km away.

As he escaped, the large amount of items about were knocked astray, no one would have discovered that among the countless items, there was a seemingly normal black space ring.

“Bastard, he got away.” Poison gritted his teeth.

“He sure fled real fast.” Luo Feng gazed at the opponent that was already a million km away flying close to light speed.

When an undying truly wanted to flee, and there was distance.

Unless one had teleportation, otherwise even an emperor level undying wouldn’t be able to chase.

“Let’s go, the commotion was too huge. If time drags on, there will definitely be many other race warriors rushing over.” Tai Wo ordered. “Hurry and collect the spoils.”

The sector lord elite team swiftly collected the goods, sat in the C9 ship and left.

Shattered stars space.

The C9 grade ship was progressing, heading to their base.

“So close, just a little more and we would have killed the other undying flesh eating freak.” Poison had regained his normal form, his eyes filled with mad excitement.

“Alright, it’s already not bad. To force that punk to sacrifice 10% of his undying body, that’s already a huge cost.” Tai Wo laughed. “Even after 100,000 to 1 million years, he won’t be able to regain the spirit imprint.”

“What’s going on?” Rock asked curiously, “Their race can self destruct without any consequences. How can him exploding 10% of his undying body have such a high cost?”

“Their explosions only explodes the body, later, returning it to undying energy.” Tai Wo explained, “And this undying energy…holds energy and their spirit imprint, it’s the foundation of an undying. With the energy gathered together, it can form an undying body.”

“However the moment one self destructs…it blows up even the undying energy with no remains at all, becoming the most basic particle flow.” Tai Wo laughed, “Hence its power is huge.”

“This is also why the explosion wouldn’t be huge.”

“Self destructing however creates a huge explosion.”

Tai Wo said, “That undying energy holds his spirit imprint, if he only lost a little, it can easily regenerate. However losing 10% at one go, equates to losing 10% of his soul. Even though the imprint is still whole, his strength and abilities etc will all suffer a huge loss…it would take a very long time to recover.”

“Of course.”

“If he had reached the level of Undying body, even after the explosion and the undying energy begins to crumble, the spirit imprint collapsing…as long as one fragment remains! He would be able to instantly absorb the countless broken fragments of energy and regain his complete undying body.” Tai Wo said, “Once one reaches that level, he would be very hard to kill. Not just 10%, even if he loses 99.99% of his body, as long as there’s a fragment, he can completely recover and instantly.”

Rock nodded.

…

“Let’s toast.”

“For 7th brother, for the many lost comrades over the years, cheers.”

“Cheers.”

Tai Wo, Poison and the others all lifted their glasses. Even though Luo Feng and Rock were new recruits, they could feel how emotional they were.

“From the day I entered the outer region wars, death has always been beside me. I’ve been here for over 30,000 years. During this period, from sector lord to undying, the many life and death partners, Big brother, 3rd brother, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th and 9th, they’ve all died.” Tai Wo looked at Poison beside him.

Poison took a deep breath too.

Back then Tai Wo was number two Poison joined the team later on too and had always been taken care of by 7th brother. He enjoyed the company of the childlike adorable Poison.

“The old comrades go and new ones come.” Tai Wo exclaimed, “We all have our own targets, our team’s 2nd fool completed his target and retired, I’ll probably retire in another 20,000 years too. Let’s wish…that the brothers and sisters here will live until they retire.”

“Hm.” The group raised their glasses.

“Living till retirement.”

They toasted.

The group of old members had already completed their most basic quotas, they were all free. However they didn’t want to return to living normal lives, as they had their own goals. Hence, they wanted to acquire large amount of contribution points to exchange for treasures. One had to know that 100,000 contribution points could exchange for 1 mixed element, and that allowed them to get treasure from the army system.

Accumulating 1 billion points was 10,000 mixed elements, that was already the wealth of a normal undying.

Within humanity’s territories…these sector lord generals, even after risking it all for 1,000 eras, they probably wouldn’t even earn 10,000 mixed elements unless they had special encounters.

And in the outer region wars, as long as they could survive for a few tens of thousands of years, accumulating 10,000 mixed elements was very easy.

Of course…

The prerequisite was surviving for tens of thousands of years.

“Poison, your grudge has been settled, you can drink less from now on.” Tai Wo said softly.

“Hm.” Poison nodded.

Poison walked to Luo Feng and looked up at him, his eyes gleaming with gratitude, “Madman, thanks.”

“Hehe.” Luo Feng smiled.

At this time, within the spirit reader Mad Wu’s space ring with all the goods from the battle, there was a blur of items within. Of which there was a very normal black space ring, amongst the many items in there there was a level 5 spirit weapon.

…

The living ship carefully flew within shattered stars.

“Bastard, bastards, despicable humans, bastards!!!” The scaled undying Fu Wei San howled in the control room, he was madly sweeping his wine and other items about, Pa! Pa! Breaking sounds and curses were spewed about, reverberating throughout the room.

After while, he stopped, his claws had already returned to normal.

His eyes filled with madness, “10% of my soul, this will make my space law comprehension slow down so much, despicable humans… I will definitely kill you!”

“I bet you didn’t even notice amongst the countless items floating in space there’s a normal space ring, and within that space ring there’s a weapon.” His eyes gleamed with ferocity, “That weapon is my marker item, I’ve hidden my spirit imprint on it, no matter how far away it is, I can feel it.”

“And through it, I can naturally determine your locations at anytime.”

His eyes were filled with hatred.

An undying was able to use his god country teleportation at any time, as long as there was a marker which was actually an undying crystal, undying energy was filled with their spirit imprint. It could be a plant life form or even a specially made marker, like the one the primal chaos city leader gave to Luo Feng.

With some of the undying’s spirit imprint within the item…no matter how far away , whether it was in an internal world, god country etc, he could still feel it.

“No.”

“I cannot waste time.”

“These despicable humans may have already discovered it’s secret. Even though the chances of that happening are low…I cannot afford the chance…I have to take revenge and kill them.” Fu Wei San gritted his teeth, “I have to immediately contact the other undying allies and partners and settle them together.”


Chapter 770: Invitation

“Who should I look for?” Fu Wei San sat in the living ship, his claws tapping the arm rest as it scratched.

Suddenly, his eyes gleamed, “Right, my fellow clansman Lake Ya, he should be here in Shattered stars too, I’ll look for him.” He immediately used his consciousness to contact his clansman via his quantum computer. He cursed, “The demon race is one of the pinnacle races of the universe, however in terms of communication, it’s far inferior to the humans and automaton. Especially the humans, I heard they can enter a virtual universe from anywhere in the vast universe, and it can do 100% simulation, almost like reality. I’m so envious…I’m a great undying and yet I’ve never had such an opportunity.”

Consciousness simulation technology was advanced a long time ago.

These other race undyings normally had such chances to enter the virtual universe, however their areas were usually extremely limited. Like how earth had the virtual world war god shrine, which only spread over earth. These other races had their own virtual worlds that probably covered 1 galaxy, it wasn’t even close to the size of humanity’s virtual universe.

And its messaging system was even worse!

The universe was too huge, this was a hard problem to solve.

Even within the demon race territories, it could at most do consciousness conversations within a universe country area…almost like making a call on earth, it can only hold a conversation and not actually see the other party. And it had to be within the area, the demon race area. If it was outside their territory…

There was no way to communicate!

Of course, as the outer region battlefields were a special place, communication devices were erected throughout, thus the leading allies and races could use these to communicate, and only have conversations.

…

The universe was vast, communication was a huge problem.

Even amongst the many pinnacle races, only the humans and automatons could actually communicate at any spot in the universe. The automaton virtual world normally only covered one universe country size! The entire automaton territory had hundreds of them, every one with their own virtual world.

The moment they left their territories, even though they could communicated in other places, it was like making long distance calls, very simple.

Only the humans!

They had the virtual universe, which was a legendary existence. It could simulate any universe laws, even the fusion laws. It spread throughout everywhere, even to another universe…the primal universe was within its boundaries.

Using the virtual universe, humanity’s strength could combine together, conquering a whole territory and becoming a pinnacle race thus wasn’t so strange.

Amongst the countless shattered fragments in the area, within a particular shattered fragment.

A scaled undying was sipping his wine and enjoying, while his underling sector lords were singing praises and flattery of him.

“Great Lake ya, you are the greatest leader of our west mountain area, only you can become its greatest leader.”

“Lake ya!”

The scaled sector lords all cheered.

And the powerful scaled undying was enjoying the flattery, suddenly he raised his hand and all the sector lords immediately went silent.

“The punk Fu Wei San is actually looking for me?” His eyes gleamed with villainy, his ugly claw grabbed the wine glass and he sipped from it, “Accept!”

“Lake ya.”

“Fu Wei San, it’s rare for you to find me, what’s the matter? Ah, you must know I’m very busy now exploring shatter stars. I may encounter a battle anytime, I have no time to be distracted by you, get to the point. Otherwise I may get into a battle anytime and break the call, then you can’t blame me.” Lake ya said.

“Tuo Lu is dead.”

Lake ya who initially wanted to have some fun with his partner was shocked, his expression changed.

The Qiu Shi race was a blood thirsty race, every one of them grew up amidst massacre. With intense competition, only the victor could stand above the countless piles of corpses. However whenever there were external pressures…the entire race would be incredibly united, all working together.

“How did he die?” Lake ya said seriously.

The two chatted through the communication device.

“He was killed by humans.” Fu Wei San said.

“Fu Wei San, are you stupid, this is the outer region wars. The 4 pinnacle races have many subservient races, and countless warriors killing in all directions. Tuo Lu being killed by humans is a very normal thing. Over a trillion years, who knows how many of our warriors have fallen.” Lake ya said.

“I want to kill that human team.” Fu Wei san said.

“Revenge?” Lake Ya was suspicious, “Can you determine their location.”

“Yes, when they collected the goods from the battle, I tossed out a space ring. That space ring has always been my trap for whenever I need to take revenge. The spirit imprint on that ring is that of one of my sector lords and there are large amounts of items within, of which one weapon seems to give off sector lord energy, but in its inner core I’ve hidden my marker and my spirit imprint. Unless they have an official level or emperor level undying to scan through the items and find the weakest signals within, otherwise…they’d never know what I left them”

“You sure are crafty.”

“They killed my brother and underlings, I definitely have to take my revenge.”

“You should know that during battle, the humans activate their scanning devices and the virtual universe network broadcast to determine their contribution points. These two together…would discover the extra space ring amidst the countless others floating in space. That’s a suspicious point!”

“Relax, I naturally won’t commit such a stupid mistake.” Fu Wei San said confidently, “I was using my strongest attack against their undying back then, tearing through space and destroying a large amount of the items. Among which some space rings broke and produced large amounts of items from them to take. I took the chance to toss out this ring. Even if their scanning devices and broadcast detected it, it wouldn’t be suspicious at all.”

“Hm, you sure are crafty.” Lake ya admitted, there was indeed no loophole in his plan.

“What’s the human’s strength?” Lake ya asked.

“Their team has one undying and nine sector lords.” Fu Wei san said, “Of which two sector lords are extremely powerful, akin to undyings. One is a chemist and other is a spirit reader with the Nan Shen arment, the two of them combined easily killed Tuo Lu.”

“Three undying strength?” Lake ya was shocked, quickly asking, “All normal level undying fighting strength?”

“Yes, do you think I could survive if they were stronger?” Fu Wei san said.

Undyings were split into generals, official level and emperor level.

Even the lowest level generals, had their difference in strength, the weakest were those that could pass the 10th level of the heavenly bridge. The strongest could pass the 14th. The moment they passed the 15th…that would be the official level of strength.

From the 10th to 14th, they were all general level, of course the difference within was still huge.

Undying generals were also called normal undyings.

In the battlefield they were naturally split into normal undying low, mid and pinnacle.

“Hm, that’s still ok, however even the normal level undying, there’s three of them. The two of us together would still have no hope.” Lake ya shook his head.

“Relax, I won’t send you to your death. Since I’ve set this up, I want to act only with full guarantee. Lake Ya…you are just one of the members I’ve invited, I heard that you are close to the demon clan’s majesty Meng Wei Na?” Fu Wei San said excitedly, “As long as he can come along with us, even if we don’t invite the other allies, just him alone would be able to destroy the human team.”

“His majesty Meng Wei Na?” Lake Ya was shocked.

Even though their communication system was inferior, their strengths were powerful.

In terms of numbers…they didn’t lose to the humans.

In terms of intelligence…the weakest demons were akin to the normal humans.

And their natural talents were much stronger than humans. Hence, their sector lords and undyings etc…they could completely suppress the humans. However, the upper echelon of humanity was very powerful, plus they had the virtual universe to assist…in a true universe battle, they had never been suppressed by the demon clan. The two pinnacle races had been fighting for countless years.

The demon clan was different from humanity.

The demon clan favored bloodline! Just like the space beast bloodline, they had a definite higher or lower level.

Their emphasis on the bloodline was very strong. Hence, they had a large number of empires…of which some of them had countless races that could have emperors or kings, distinguishing between their bloodlines. As long as one had emperors and kings, they would be called majesties.

The Qiu Shi race etc were subservient races, towards the demon clan, they were very respectful.

Just like how the gold horn race and many other subservient races respected humans.

“His majesty Meng Wei Nan, is one of the members of the 10,000 Hidden snakes empire, you want to invite him?” Lake Ya was still hesitant.

“His majesty’s normal state is that of a higher normal undying. However once he unleashes his talents, his battle strength rises close to an official level undying.” Fu Wei San said, “He can beat anyone below official level. With him there, we’ll have a full guarantee.”

“I can help you ask, but I can’t promise anything.” Lake Ya said.

“Give me his number. Once you let him know that I am looking for him, I’ll then try to contact him. I have a full guarantee of getting him to help.” Fu Wei San said.

“Full guarantee?” Lake Ya was shocked.

“You’ll know soon enough.” Fu Wei San said confidently.


Chapter 771: Special Reward from Demon Race

When the Qiu Shi undying Fu Wei San had contacted Lake Ya, Luo Feng and his team was on the way back to their base.

Within the C9 ship’s resting quarters.

“Everybody split the goods.”

“We got rid of 20 sector lords and 1 undying this time, there’s plenty of goods. That fallen undying must have many treasures within his world ring. Haha…” Tai Wo laughed, ordering simultaneously, “Mad Wu, you are in charge of checking, whether any of the goods have any hidden spirit imprint of the undying that escaped.”

“I’ll check.”

Mad Wu took the 6 world rings and checked through each of them. Actually, whenever there were goods from a battle that involved an undying that escaped, they had to check.

The scanning devices were used to check on the battlefield.

The goods had to be checked again.

Hence the chances of falling for a trap was very low. However, no matter how well one’s defenses were, as long as an undying purposely intended to set the trap, one would definitely fall for it. Like if one of the sector lords in Tai Wo’s team had a huge background and he had an item from his teacher. The moment he died, Tai Wo wouldn’t be able to recognize the item either.

However the outer region wars were filled with dangers, there were many that fell, very few that tried to take revenge.

Hence the warriors on the battlefield didn’t care too much.

“No problem.” Mad Wu laughed.

“Good, then let’s split the goods.” Tai Wo said, “This time, Madman and Poison did the most work, Poison even used a valuable potion, you two can pick first.”

“Without madman, I wouldn’t have been able to kill that flesh eating freak, Madman you can go first.”

“You go ahead.”

Luo Feng sat in the sofa and lifted a wine glass, casually.

…

After splitting the goods, Luo Feng and the others took the C9 chip all the way back to their base, returning to rest within their base. The members all reflected on the battle and used that experience to train and strengthen themselves.

Shatter Stars, within one particular fragment.

The scaled undying Fu Wei San stood alone within, his eyes gleaming with ferocity, “You made me lose 10% of my soul, despicable humans, I’ll make you regret it!”

“What’s up with Lake Ya, I’ve already returned to the base and he still hasn’t contacted his majesty Meng Wei Na?” Fu Wei San was very anxious. As a subservient race, the Qiu Shi race was naturally far below the demon race. Even with the same level of strength, the Qiu Shi race still had to be very respectful of the demon race warriors.

What’s more, Meng Wei Na was from an empire, and he was stronger than him. Even though he really wanted to kill the human team, he didn’t dare go bother him.

“Call?” Fu Wei San revealed a fanged smile, finally a call had come.

“Lake Ya, I’ve waited so long for you to finally contact me.” Fu Wei San said happily.

“Hmph, among the empires in the demon clan, the 10,000 Hidden snake clan is renowned to be ruthless. Even though I have some interaction with his majesty Meng Wei Na, calling him randomly would enrage him. Hence, I had to detour a little…just now he agreed to accept your call.” Lake Ya said, “This is his number.”

Fu Wei San was extremely happy on acquiring the number.

“I’ll contact you once I’ve successfully got him on board.” Fu Wei San said.

“If his majesty agrees, I’ll definitely come along.” Lake Ya said.

“Then just wait for my good news.”

Pa.

Fu Wei San cut off the call and pondered for a bit, saying softly, “The news I heard before should be right. If I’m not wrong, then I’ll have a 100% guarantee of getting his majesty on board.” After which he dialed the number and awaited the answer.

In an instant.

“Who’s this?” A hoarse powerful voice resounded, almost like within a deep valley, this voice resounded straight within Fu Wei San’s mind.

It made Fu Wei San to be able to help but think, “The demon clan can at most communicate verbally, but their level of communication can actually emulate normal speaking voices? In terms of technology, it’s much better than our Qiu Shi race. The moment there’s a bit of distance, we’d have to take a ship to pass on the news.”

“Great majesty Meng Wei Na, I am from the Qiu Shi race, Fu Wei San.” He said, “I believe Lake Ya has already introduced me.”

“Fu Wei San? You wish for me to come help you kill the humans?” A thick voice resounded.

“Yes.” Fu Wei San said.

“Countless warriors fall in the outer region wars, are we to take revenge for every one of them? Would that still be a war?” The thick voice was somewhat enraged, “Speak, tell me your reasons.”

“Your majesty Meng Wei Na.” Fu Wei San said respectfully, “I believe my clansman Lake Ya didn’t introduce the human team to you properly, otherwise you wouldn’t be angry. In fact you’d be happy.”

“Hm?” The thick voice responded, “Speak.”

“That human team has an undying and nine sector lords. Of which two of the nine have strengths akin to a normal undying.” Fu Wei San explained.

“Two human sector lords with undying strength?” The thick voice seemed urgent.

“Yes your majesty.” The scales on Fu Wei San’s face creased as he smiled satisfied. Looks like the news he heard was right.

“Tell me about these two sector lords.” The thick voice ordered. “Among these two humans, one is a chemist. He’s nurtured a sector lord plant life form, using his potions to make it have undying strength. The other is a spirit reader that uses the Nan Shen Armament. He can actually unleash the 9th form A match against undying, heavily injuring us.” Fu Wei San said.

“Good, very good.” The thick voice seemed excited, “Fu Wei San from the Qiu Shi clan, from now on, you have become my friend. Of course…you cannot lie to me!”

“Definitely not.” Fu Wei san said.

“I heard from Lake Ya that you can determine their location?” The thick voice questioned.

Fu Wei San explained in detail about his guaranteed safe trap. After everything, he said, “Even now I can clearly feel their location.”

“Where are they?”

“Their exact universe marker location is…” Fu Wei San explained.

Actually, once the marker was too far away, even though an undying would be able to roughly feel its location, they wouldn’t be able to tell the exact coordinates. However Shattered stars had a diameter of 0.8 light years, an emperor level undying with teleportation could easily travel end to end, the distance was simply too short.

Luo Feng and his team’s base wasn’t even 0.1 light years away from Fu Wei San, thus he could clearly feel their location and determine their coordinates.

“That’s within shattered stars, there are many human powers gathered within.” The thick voice said, “We cannot risk entering.”

“Ah.” Fu Wei San was stunned, “Your majesty, as long as we are careful…”

“No.”

The thick voice said, “We have to wait until they leave the area of the humans. Only then can we make our move.”

Fu Wei San could only reply, “Yes.”

PA!

The call was cut off.

Within the dark fragment, Fu Wei San sat crossed legged. He used his claws to scratch the rocks below, while roaring, “The 10,000 Hidden snakes clan is ruthless yet careful, the rumores sure were right indeed. Hmph! Looks like we can only wait, I believe they’ll leave their nest quickly.”

“At least I succeeded in getting this demon on board.”

“The news I heard was right, amongst the demons, killing genius humans had extra rewards.” Fu Wei San was very proud.

…

The overall talent of humans was weaker than the demons.

Hence it was extremely rare for a human sector lord to have the power of an undying. And it was so few that within the 7th battlefield’s entire 26 camp, one could easily count them with one hand. And their enemy, the demon race had special rewards for their warriors when they killed human geniuses.

The 10,000 Hidden snakes clan was simply one of the empires, there were many more powerful ones above them!

Hence, Meng Wei Na, as a relatively normal undying within the clan with not many resources would get so excited about the reward of killing two human geniuses.

Under his orders, the Qiu Shi race’s two undyings, Lake Ya and Fu Wei San headed to a gathering spot.

The three of them gathered.

They stuck together and awaited the human sector lord team to come out. The moment they left the area of where many of the human forces had gathered, they could make their move.

“It’s been eight days already, why aren’t they coming out?”

“Fu Wei San, are you sure your item hasn’t been found, they may have purposely left it there.”

“Relax, it definitely wouldn’t be found. My item was hidden within the slits of a weapon. Unless they destroyed the weapon…could it be that they madly destroyed all weapons?”

“Be quiet and wait!”

The undying team were like hunters, patiently waiting for the chance to arrive.

…

Shattered stars, within Luo Feng’s team base.

“We’ve rested for fifteen days this time. This is five days more than the previous time. I’m sure everybody’s well rested.” Tai Wo smiled.

The tall and sturdy Mother flame race Hammer said with his thick voice, “My hammer is already starving.”

“I still lack a lot of points.” The illusionist Wei said, rubbing the cat on his stomach.

The members all got up.

After resting for so long, they were ready for battle.

“It’s been half a year, I’ve got a good grasp of the outer region wars already.” Luo Feng thought. “Should I follow this team for long? Accumulating points with them is simply too slow. If I went out alone, I could totally go hunt undyings and some even more powerful undyings.”

“However before the 1 billion points are accumulated, I’m not free and have to follow the army’s arrangements.”

Luo Feng pondered.

“Haha, we managed to kill an undying the last time, I hope this time we can get a similarly huge reward.” Tai Wo’s eyes gleamed as he ordered, “Let’s go.”

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

All the members swiftly followed the deep pathways out and flew into space, after which they took their C9 ship and once again began their journey of massacre…


Chapter 772: Prey

“The human sector lord team has departed!” The scaled undying Fu Wei Sand shouted excitedly.

“Ah?”

The 2m tall snake head demon with a human body with silver skin sitting in the alloy chair looked over. Beside him were two other chairs, and in one of them sat a scaled man with a dragon head and the other, a lady with a mouse head.

“Yes, your majesty Meng Wei Na.” Fu Wei San said.

“They just left, it should take them a day to leave the human area.” Another scaled undying that was slightly bigger Lake Ya said beside him, “Don’t be anxious, it’s still early.”

Fu Wei San immediately shouted, “If we leave now and fly in their direction, it would still take two days for us to meet them. Leaving now wouldn’t be too early.”

“Hm, let’s head out.”

The snake head man stood up, beside him the dragon head and mouse head lady stood up simultaneously.

These three looked like they were made from alloys, somewhat similar to the Liquid Silver guards Luo Feng used back then, totally unlike real life forms.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

The five silhouettes flew out of the dark pathway and into space, the leading snake head man waved his hand and a living ship with a diameter of 100m appeared. A cabin door opened on its body.

“I really envy you.” The snake head man looked down at the two Qiu Shi undyings Fu Wei San and Lake Ya, exclaiming, “Even though your bodies are small, it allows you to easily take any ship. Our demon race…especially the strong ones, find it extremely hard to take a ship. Take me for instance, just to fit my body alone, I require an interstellar battleship…”

“Hm.” The dragon head man nodded. “To store my actual body is the same, it’s not just the size of the ship. Even the cabin door has to be huge, otherwise I’d be stuck and wouldn’t be able to get out.”

“There are always pros and cons.” The mouse head lady said beside him.

The two Qiu Shi undyings cursed within as they heard, Fu Wei San was jealous, “It’s a natural gift to be so big and strong, and it’s just a simple matter of not being able to fit into a ship. I would like to have such size and power too. It’s just the size problem…simply relying on a puppet body would allow them to board no?”

Right, the three beast head demons were using puppet bodies, somewhat similar to the automaton puppets.

Their bodies were simply too huge, unable to fit in any ships. Hence, they could only hide their bodies in their world rings.

Allowing their puppet bodies to carry the rings in the ship, the moment there was danger, they could rush out from the rings at anytime. As for the puppet bodies, they were very popular within the demon race, controllable via one’s consciousness , they were made of alloys.

Using a thread of consciousness to control them, one could fully mobilize them.

Hiding their true bodies in the world ring, they could come out any time, and these were the weak and small world rings. Even in any dangerous situations, they could use their strengths to break out of the world ring.

In all…

The puppets carried their true bodies in the world rings. And this was very safe and mainstream amongst the demons in the universe that needed to take ships. They had thought of ways to curb the dangers.

Of course, only the demon race could afford such things, world rings were afterall very expensive.

“I really envy the races with powerful bodies. Our bodies are so small, even our undying bodies are so small.” Fu Wei San exclaimed within.

“If I had the powerful body of one from the 10,000 hidden snakes clan…” Lake Ya was envious too.

The larger the body, the moment one breaks through to undying, the bigger the advantage would be!

The instant one breaks through to undying, it would connect to the universe energy and law source. At that time, endless amounts of energy would instantly be provided to transform the sector lord body to an undying. Everybody only got such a free transfer once in their life.

Some life forms were only 1 or 2 meters tall, how much energy would they absorb from breaking through?

While, some were 1 to 2 km long, the amount of energy required was much more shocking.

The space beast, reaching up to 1,000s of km, the amount they required was heavenly! In terms of attack, their strength may only be 10 times more, however the amount of undying energy stored within was much much more.

…

The demon clan Meng Wei Na led the undying team in the living ship, swiftly heading towards the sector lord team.

Time passed.

In the blink of an eye, two days had passed.

Within the control room of the living ship, the three demon puppets sat in the alloy chairs.

“Your majesty Meng Wei Na, in about three minutes, we will meet with the ship.” Fu Wei San said respectfully using demon race language. “The human sector lord team has a lousy scanning device, it cannot even match the one I use. Much less your majesty’s, they definitely won’t be able to detect us.”

The snake head Meng Wei Na nodded and laughed, “Very good, when they discover us, it would be too late to flee.”

“Long Tu.” Meng Wei Na looked at his two underlings, “Later on, you and the two Qiu Shi race will swiftly separate and surround them. No matter what, don’t let any one of them escape.”

“Understood.”

The dragon head demon and mouse head demon replied. They only followed because Meng Wei Na was stronger than them, however they didn’t need to be too respectful. They were afterall members of the demon race too. In terms of the status…Long Tu wasn’t any lower than Meng Wei Na.

“Making contact in 60 seconds, 59, 58, 57, 56…” Fu Wei San suddenly shouted.

“Fu Wei San, Lake Ya, I’ll let you destroy their ship.” Meng Wei Na ordered.

“Yes.”

Fu Wei San and Lake Ya responded respectfully.

“Humans…” Meng Na Wei’s puppet eyes were gleaming with excitement.

About 10 million km away from the living ship, a C9 ship flew.

Within its resting quarters.

The group were laughing and chatting, Luo Feng however sat in the corner of his sofa, “Three demon race puppets? Two undyings from the Qiu Shi race?” Long when the other ship was 1 billion km away, his scanning device had detected them. In terms of value, his scanning device…was simply far beyond that of his majesty Meng Na Wei’s.

“Looks like their target is our team, seeing the way they are heading straight for us.”

“That undying that fled before actually dared to come back, looks like he has some sort of guarantee and has brought some powerful help.” Luo Feng squinted his eyes. “Three demon puppet bodies… normally they have human bodies and demon heads, hehe, even in their dreams they want to be above us.”

“Looking at how respectful the two Qiu Shi undyings are, those three demons should be undyings too.”

“Five undyings!”

“No wonder they are so confident.” Luo Feng thought. “Just relying on captain Tai Wo and Poison along with the others, they definitely wouldn’t be able to deal with it.”

“I need to do something, I haven’t got the chance to kill an undying since coming to the outer region wars. The last time Poison killed that Qiu Shi undying. And that was just a normal undying, because of my help, I got 10 million contribution points, but Poison got 90 million points, for a total of 1 hundred million points.” Luo Feng thought, “A stronger undying should probably have more.”

Killing a sector lord alone would at least give 100,000 points and a maximum of 10 million points, Luo feng knew this long ago.

And killing an undying alone had a minimum of 1 hundred million and a maximum of 1 quadrillion (Killing an emperor pinnacle).

The 1 quadrillion points news had long spread throughout the camp. As long as one could kill a pinnacle level emperor, one would get shocking amount of points. But that was pinnacle level emperor! That would mean at least Fantasy spirit or Bloodthirst emperor level, the renowned undyings of the universe.

Killing an official level mostly required an emperor level strength.

Killing a pinnacle emperor level?

That was extremely tough.

Defeating was easy, capturing was difficult and killing was the hardest.

As for Luo Feng’s 10 trillion points quota…he would probably take very long to complete it. However, the basic army quota of 1 billion was very easy.

“Five undyings. I wonder if it’s enough to accumulate 1 billion points.” Luo Feng thought. “Let’s hope all of them are worth 1 hundred million points each.”

“Warning, we’ve encountered…”

The ship suddenly rang with an ear piercing alarm.

“What.”

The originally relaxed members all suddenly stood up, armors appearing throughout as they brandished their weapons.

“Rumble!” A powerful force collided with the ship. Everybody within felt the shockwave after as the resting quarters flew madly about. The body of the C9 ship was destroyed just like tofu.

Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua!

Four doors opened from the ship as the sector lord elite team all rushed out in two’s, the undying Tai Wo kept the resting quarters too.

…

In space.

Tai Wo and the others stood there, looking at the distant two scaled undyings.

“You actually dared to come.” Poison stared hard at the distant Fu Wei San.

“Of course.” He used an ear piercing voice to speak in human language. The Qiu Shi Fu Wei San smiled, “Despicable humans, you made me destroy 10% of my soul, this time, you will all die.”

Rumble! Rumble!

From the distance, two incredibly powerful energies swept past them. It made the originally confident Tai Wo, Poison and the others all change their expressions as they turned to look. Two enormous beings had appeared, one was a single horned dragon covered in scales and the other was one completely covered in sharp spikes with a flappy membrane over the neck area and with a mouse head on the top. Although it’s eyes seemed adorable, but its gaze was filled with bone chilling killing intent.

“Demon race!”

“Demon undying.”

“Four undyings.” Tai Wo, Poison, Mad Wu, Wei, Hammer, Tornado, Demon lady, God and Rock all went completely pale. Luo Feng’s gaze however was fixed on the distant snake head demon puppet.


Chapter 773: The Blooming Star Eating Plant

The Blooming Star Eating Plant

“It’s over.” God shuddered.

“No.” Demon lady stared about.

“Madman, Poison, Mad Wu, Wei, Hammer, Tornado, Demon lady, God, Rock.” Tai Wo’s eyes were filled with despair as he communicated, “This is the flesh eating undying’s revenge. He’s already seen our strength, hence he definitely got enough back up, we don’t have much hope. When I give the order, the moment there’s a chance, everybody will disperse and flee. We have 10 of us, with some luck…some can still live on. Everybody give it their all.”

“Let’s stake it all.” Mad Wu gritted his teeth.

“We have to at least drag one of them down with us.” Poison’s eyes gleamed with madness.

At this time, the Qiu Shi Fu Wei San and Lake Ya had another silhouette fly up from behind, it was the snake head puppet.

“Your majesty Meng Wei Na.”

“Your majesty Meng Wei Na.”

The two were very respectful.

The scene made everybody about shudder within. My god, there was an even stronger opponent?

“Humans.” The snake head puppet stood before the two Qiu Shi warriors, smiling as his gaze landed on Luo Feng and Poison. Fu Wei San had long shown him the images of the two of them. Hence, he was very clear, and wouldn’t care about the other humans. But his majesty would definitely want to personally kill Poison and Luo Feng.

The snake head puppet spoke with passionate human language, “Congratulations, to die under me, Meng Wei Na’s hands, it’s your honor to see my true form.”

After which the puppet vanished and a majestic mountain like snake appeared in space. It was about 200m thick with 12km in length. This was much higher than any peak snake on earth. It was completely green in color with scales throughout its veins, each with over 1,000 rings.

It had six wings made from muscles, and it only had one eye that was jet black.

Rumble…as this 10,000 hidden snake clan member appeared, an unbelievable chill instantly spread over 10,000 km. Water droplets appeared about within the area, after which, countless flows of water froze into ice, just like an ice domain. Even if Tai Wo unleashed his law domains to withstand it, the sector lords would still feel the bone chilling cold.

“Five individuals!” Tai Wo’s eyes were filled with despair.

“And this one is much stronger than those four” Poison stared and gritted his teeth.

“It’s really over.”

…

Just from a simple energy scan, one could clearly feel the huge disparity between the 10,000 hidden snake member compared to the other four undyings, it was simply that much stronger.

“Give it your all brothers and sisters. We’ve lived for thousands of years, we’ve long anticipated the day we fell. Even if we die, we cannot let them do it easily.”

“Right, kill.”

“Even if we die we have to drag one down with us.”

“Back then when 7th brother died, I had thought of the day I would die too, it’s finally here.”

The members including captain Tai Wo didn’t even think about feelings anymore, their only thought…was to drag a couple of them down with them.

“Make your move.” Meng Wei Na stood up above as his cold gaze swept past the team while he ordered, “Leave those two humans to me, you all can settle the rest.”

“Yes.”

Rumble!

Immediately, the three undyings including Meng Wei Na along with the two Qiu Shi undyings all released their law domains. Flashing from all directions towards the humans, some were cold, while others laughing maniacally.

“Brothers, kill.” Tai Wo ordered.

“Kill.” The members all felt despair and roared madly.

The two sides moved instantly.

At this time, an incredibly powerful energy engulfed the area from the human side, it even made Tai Wo and the others turn immediately. Even his majesty Meng Wei Na and the others rushing over were shocked as they felt the rush of power. Whether it was humans, Qiu Shi or demons, it was hard to believe this scene.

A huge water plant like plant life form floated before Luo Feng, it was completely gold and had thick vines, and there were a total of 100 of them.

“Bloom.” Luo Feng muttered softly.

Almost like a little plant growing into a huge monster, this gold plant madly expanded in all directions. Every vine of the star eating plant grew thicker and thicker, countless incredibly sharp leaves shot out like teeth, and in an instant, it had become almost like a huge heavenly body.

Every vine reached over 100,000 km. The main vines had countless leaves that were used to wrap around and swallow.

100 vines…it made the undying star eating plant to look akin to almost the sun!

The completely unleashed star eating plant floated in space almost like an incredibly lush plant…only this plant had the size of a sun. The five undyings that were rushing at the human team were only a few ten thousand km away, naturally they were instantly engulfed by the size of the plant’s countless leaves.

It was almost like fish struggling in the water against a huge plant, the sun like undying star eating plant, how could they get away from that?

“My god.”

“My god.”

“This…”

“This is simply…”

Tai Wo and the other members of the human team were completely stunned. Personally seeing a 1m tall gold plant…instantly swell to the size of a star, this terrifying undying energy gave them the chills.

An undying plant! This was an undying plant!

“Plant life, this is an undying plant.” Fu Wei San’s eyes were filled with shock. “How can there be an undying plant, every plant life form is incredibly hard to nurture. Even the lowest level have extremely powerful strength, they require countless amounts of treasure and wealth. How can someone in shattered stars have an undying plant.”

“Big trouble.” He looked about at the countless leaves that looked like teeth surrounding them.

The scaled one horned dragon along with the spiky mouse demon were all in despair. Their bodies had a length of 8km and 5km, compared to humans and the bug clan etc, they were huge. However compared to the plant life forms…

The plant life form was like a star! Over 100 vines spreading about, covering an area with a diameter of close to 1 million km. Even a single gold leaf alone was bigger than their bodies.

“Star eating plant, an undying star eating plant.” The 10,000 hidden snakes Meng Wei Na looked around as the large amount of huge gold leaves surrounded him. He was prepared to defend at any time, however he knew about the star eating plant in front of him Hence, he didn’t have any confidence in fleeing, “This is the most sturdy offensive plant life form, which is incredibly solid. The moment one is trapped by it, even an official level undying wouldn’t be able to flee quickly, much less me. I’ll send distress signals! Call everyone! We’ve met a human with an undying 100 vine star eating plant!”

…

Tai Wo and the other humans all looked at Luo Feng. The other five undyings all saw through the slits of the huge leaves, they knew too…that this undying star eating plant came from that black armored human.

Luo Feng simply complimented softly, “The fully bloomed star eating plant sure is beautiful.”

“Dying from the star eating plant is your honor.” Luo Feng said softly.

“No!”

The single horned dragon, the mouse demon and the two Qiu Shi undyings all howled as they madly struggled and unleashed their undying energies.

The large amount of gold leaves that weren’t attacking before suddenly became like a man eating plant, rushing at them. They used tens of spiky teeth like gold leaves to surround each undying, whether it was the huge demon race undying or the Qiu Shi undyings, they were all completely wrapped up.

Chi chi chi…they were completely trapped within the gold leaves as they madly struggled.

The leaves constricted tighter and tighter.

Their bones broke and their muscles tore apart, their bodies crumbling altogether. Against the ‘large mouths’ of each gold leaf they were completely shredded and swallowed! This star eating plant naturally had the ability to swallow large amounts of plants, metal, rocks etc, even flesh and blood.

Howl…

“Ah.”

“No!”

“Self destruct, self destruct!”

The 4 undyings wrapped within the leaves let out all sorts of noises, 2 undyings chose to self destruct in despair, rumble! Rumble! They only managed to damage a few gold leaves, however this undying star eating plant…was a huge heavenly body the size of a star with countless gold leaves.

Just like that, the four powerful undyings were swallowed whole by the star eating plant.

“If there weren’t five undyings, I wouldn’t even have bothered to use the star eating plant, using it sure is overkill.” Luo feng looked at the scene and couldn’t help but feel shocked. One had to know that this undying star eating plant was considered pinnacle general level, after taking some strengthening abilities into consideration, even official level undyings wouldn’t be able to escape quickly.

Being surrounded by countless vines and leaves was indeed a very terrifying thing.

“Luo Feng, the four undyings have been killed. You received four hundred million contribution points.” Babata’s voice resounded in Luo Feng’s mind.

“What, only four hundred million?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but feel helpless.

Damn.

His target was one billion contribution points, he had to hit that quota before fulfilling their requirements and setting himself free.

“This last Meng Wei Na demon undying, he must be the leader. He seems much stronger, my undying star eating plant cannot suppress him in a short amount of time. The other four only gave me one hundred million points each, this guy should be worth more.” Luo Feng glanced over. That 10,000 Hidden snakes demon was howling madly as the large amount of water and ice particles surrounded him, he twisted about madly as he attacked with space laws infused within.

The large amount of gold leaves were forced aside, unable to suppress him.

“No.”

“No.” He madly struggled within, almost as though he could see his demise.


Chapter 774: Quick End

Against the engulfing golden leaves from all directions, Meng Wei Na of the 10,000 Hidden snakes fought madly to defend himself. Every time his snake tail whipped about, it would be infused with space laws that knocked the surrounding leaves away, even destroying part of it.

“I can’t get away, I can’t get away.” He was extremely worried, his one eye gleaming with madness, “There’s no other hope, I can only call for help and hope for the close by allies to rush over. I have to hold out until they get here. I can do it!”

“Distress signals, there’s a human sector lord with an undying star eating plant!”

While Meng Wei Na was struggling against the undying plant, he was constantly sending out distress signals.

…

Similar to humans, when the demon clan warriors sent out distress signals, it would swiftly be transmitted via their communication systems to the surrounding ten billion km area to their allies. Ten billion km was relatively small, with light speed at 300,000 km per second, it would take about half a day for anyone within the ten billion km away to get here. And Luo Feng and his team were only two days out from their base.

Half day was only the distance of the diameter, if they were spread out even further.

Allies, how many were there?

“There’s a sector lord human with an undying star eating plant.” This news was swiftly spread throughout the groups amongst the demon race.

“Undying star eating plant, going there would be suicide.”

“Who’d go.”

“Unlucky fellow.”

“Poor thing.”

“So unlucky.”

“Hehe, for a human sector lord to have an undying star eating plant, looks like his background must be huge. Killing him should have extra rewards. It’s a pity, you’d have to be extremely powerful to do it, haha, I wont commit suicide.” The large amount of warriors in the demon clan all received the news and simply scoffed at it.

There were afterall very few in shattered stars that could mess with an undying star eating plant.

…

However, there were still seven teams that rushed over in the area.

“It should be some genius of humanity.” Within the ship, a wolf head man with a human body smiled, “He must have some background to have an undying star eating plant. However no matter what…he’s still from another race! Haha, the stronger the genius, the more achievement I get when I kill him.”

The man sat high above.

Below him were eight other demon puppets, and below them were even more demon puppets gathered about respectfully. It was obvious that the close to hundred puppets right below represented the sector lords.

The leader of this team was very well known within shattered stars. He was called Cocoon Wolf official, and he was an official level undying.

Shattered stars, even though many warriors had gathered there, there were very few official level undyings there. Also, it was obvious that this official level undying was afraid of death, not daring to head out to other dangerous regions, staying within shattered stars. But here…this team was considered extremely powerful.

In space, within the star like star eating plant, the over 10km long Meng Wei Na was struggling hard to break free.

“Hm?”

Luo Feng gazed at him struggling for five seconds and frowned. “This is trouble, my undying star eating plant only has 100 vines, and it’s only as strong as a pinnacle level general. Anything stronger than that 10,000 Hidden snakes member will be trouble. Even though I can bind that guy, I cannot kill him within a short amount of time, I need quite some time to grind him to death.”

“No.”

“He will definitely call for help.”

“Once time drags, the nearby warriors of the demon race will rush over. Even though the chances of those brave enough to face an undying star eating plant is very low. I cannot take the risk.” Luo Feng instantly made his decision. “Using the Nan Shen Armament will be hard for me to kill this undying general pinnacle demon.”

“I’ll use the soldier armor.” Luo Feng thought.

A black armor instantly extended about him and formed his helmet along with a complete armor. The armor was streamlined and the power from this mysterious armor coursed through out his body. A strength that was total of 1,000 times a normal human sector lord pinnacle, and akin to the body of an official level undying coursed through his body.

“Clang.” A silver blade with blood red around its edges appeared in his right hand.

In his left a silver six edged shield.

“Kill!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed coldly.

Xiu!

He became a beam of light and rushed straight at Meng Wei Na.

“Madman.”

“Madman is a fighter?”

“That, that…” Tai Wo and the others had just awoken from the shock of seeing an undying star eating plant. They were even more shocked as they saw him take on the form of a fighter, with a shield and blade.

“A sector lord able to use the Nan Shen Armament to that level, he’s actually a fighter?” Poison’s eyes stared wide eyed.

“A fighter.”

Tai Wo communicated seriously, “And a very powerful one, even more than his Nan Shen Armament control, his instantaneous speed earlier was even faster than my full speed.”

“What?”

The members were all shocked.

…

Countless gold leaves wrapped about as Luo Feng rushed forward, he ordered, “Star eating plant, use your leaves to wrap about, I don’t want the captain to see my battle with him.”

“Yes master.” The undying plant sent a thought back. Right away, countless gold leaves moved and completely blocked the captain and the others from watching. Simultaneously, Luo Feng used his scanning device to jam all other signals about, he didn’t want them to witness his battle to prevent more trouble.

Xiu!

Luo Feng became a black blur and instantly reached Meng Wei Na.

“Human.” Meng Wei Na was happy within. “If you didn’t have this plant, how could you be my match. Yet now you actually come to me.” His terrifying ice aura expanded throughout and large amounts of water droplets moved, freezing occasionally and flowing at other times.

The icy energy spread over 10,000 km and Luo Feng instantly rushed in.

“Hmph!” His eyes gleamed, “Law domain, what a joke!”

Rumble!

He used his world projection and the space around it instantly warped into an endless vast grassland. Even the law domain of Meng Wei Na crumbled instantly under the pressure!

“How can this be?” His eyes were filled with shock as he let out an ear piercing scream in demon race language.

A world projection actually crushed a law domain?

How powerful was this internal world for it to have such a world projection.

Some golden horned beasts that chose to rely on universe crystals to evolve had internal worlds with diameters of 30 million km at sector lord pinnacle. The world projection of such an internal world was completely able to match a law domain. Luo Feng’s internal world right now was over 90 million km!

In terms of size, it was 27 times bigger!

The power of the world projection was much stronger. Back then when his internal world was 60 million km in diameter, it was already able to suppress a law domain, now it could completely crush it.

“I’ll settle this fast.” Luo Feng was fast as lightning.

“Howl…” Meng Wei Na’s six muscular wings flapped. He rushed forward and opened his mouth, forming a few km wide huge mouth. Using his law power to swallow, he caused the surrounding space to warp.

This ferocious swallow!

Rumble!

The surrounding space completely crumbled and countless space fragments were sucked into his mouth. The black armored Luo Feng that was rushing in could feel the terrifying force as well.

“Die.” Meng Wei Na’s eye gleamed with madness.

“What a joke.” Luo Feng squinted his eyes.

Rumble!

His speed soared as he became a black beam of light and rushed straight at his mouth, waving the blood shadow blade in his hand. The instant he waved it…the surrounding space seemed to be torn apart almost as if there was a giant splitting it, forming a huge slit without a sound.

The blade flashed and slashed over 10,000 km, splitting the space in two.

A beautiful flash, it made others shudder.

Silence…

Meng Wei Na maintained his open mouth manic position, his eye however was filled with fear, after which, his head was sliced right through the middle and his entire body was split in two, as large amounts of his organs spilled out.

He was sliced clean in two!

Illusionary 7 blades, Dutchman’s pipe!

“Clang!” Luo Feng shook the blade and looked at Meng Wei Na split in two, “You should be honoured to be killed by the Dutchman’s pipe.”

Simultaneously, countless gold leaves wrapped about and instantly held on to the two pieces of his body. Even though he was split in two, he still wasn’t dead. But the only thing was… that moment, his body pieces were wrapped up by the countless gold leaves, with countless teeth like blades chomping down, he didn’t have any chance of survival.

In the blink of an eye, Meng Wei Na was swallowed by the countless mad gold leaves.

“Using the soldier armor I roughly have the strength of an official, my law comprehension level however has long reached official level.” Luo Feng sighed. “Even though I didn’t use the beast god presence to unleash the strongest move of the illusionary 7 blades Burial, just the Dutchman’s pipe alone is at official level already.”

“My world project completely suppressed him.”

“Splitting him in two is only natural.”

…

The fully bloomed star eating plant began to shrink swiftly and become a very small plant, entering through Luo Feng’s shoulder.

Tai Wo and the others were still reeling from the shock.

“Sou.” Luo Feng carried the blood shadow blade on his back and flew back.

Looking at the fighter like Luo Feng, the rest of the team couldn’t help but shout out in shock, “Madman, you…”

“We’ll talk later, that demon undying definitely called for help, we have to go.” Luo Feng said.

“Hm, let’s go.” Tai Wo finally calmed down.

The other members could only hold in all their shock and questions, immediately flying swiftly into a C9 grade ship, becoming a beam of light and tearing through space.


Chapter 775: Going Alone

When the seven elite teams of the demon race had reached the battlefield, all they found were ship remains.

…

The C9 ship was flying at sub light speed in space, within its resting quarters.

The elite team that survived the disaster exchanged glances, occasionally looking at Luo Feng. He however was chatting with Babata.

“Babata, how many points did I get? Don’t tell me I haven’t hit 1 billion yet. Even though I easily defeated that 10,000 hidden snakes member, he’s still a pinnacle general undying. It would be very hard to kill him without official level strength.” Luo Feng said to Babata mentally.

“Total points 1.461 billion.” Babata said.

“Phew.”

Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief. “Not bad, the points that 10,000 hidden snakes demon gave was about a billion, however it’s still very little. He’s already a pinnacle general undying, and yet he only gave one billion points.”

“Luo Feng, you are free from the army now, even if you leave the team you won’t be punished by the army.” Babata said. The army was very strict, as long as he wasn’t free, even if he was the disciple of the Primal chaos city leader, he couldn’t go against the rules.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Right, he was free now. This meant that he could leave the sector lord elite team. Even though he could chat with them in the team, he didn’t have a chance to fully unleash his strength. For example… shattered stars system was simply an area too weak for him.

“Madman.” The captain Tai Wo finally spoke amidst the silence in the resting quarters.

“Captain.” Luo Feng looked at him.

Tai Wo revealed a smile, “I didn’t expect to have such a level of warrior in my team, the undying star eating plant instantly killed the four undyings, and you yourself went to kill that Pinnacle general undying demon. I must have been blind all this time. Your strongest moves are that of a fighter, not a spirit reader, it truly makes us… regretful!”

“Madman.” Poison stood in the sofa, looking oddly at him. “You are truly absurd, pretending to be a spirit reader and yet you can already unleash its 9th form A Match against undying. Your true Fighter path, damn…you are only a sector lord and you can kill a pinnacle general undying, you, you are…”

“Mad.”

“Even the sector lord core members of the Huge Axe Dojo that I know aren’t that strong.”

“Only the true core of the five leviathans would have such power.”

“Hm.”

“The Primal region and Absolute beginning region sector lord members of the Virtual Universe Company are those that have trained for 100s of thousands of years. Hence, many have law comprehension akin to official level undyings. However they still may not be able to kill a pinnacle general undying.” Rock spoke, Luo Feng was shocked when he heard that, glancing over at him. Rock was right, the sector lord members of the Absolute beginning region and Primal regions…as long as they become undying, they would normally at least be official level!

For Rock to know this, he must have some background too.

“To be able to join the outer region wars with you is my honor.” Rock looked at Luo Feng.

“Respect.”

“Madman, against you…I feel inferior.” The white armored God lamented. “You are more suited for the title god.”

“Damn.”

“Don’t be shameless.”

The other members all laughed.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh too, he got along well with these brothers and sisters. Actually he could see…the members could all tell from his strength earlier, that even if he wasn’t a core genius of the five leviathans, he would be a disciple of some absolute being. However they didn’t want to dig further.

“My brothers and sisters.” Luo Feng looked at the crowd.

The group all went silent as they looked at him.

“My trip here to the outer region wars, other than the quota sent by the army, I still have other missions to accomplish.” Luo Feng said, “I believe everybody can guess what I’m about to say.”

“One billion points is simply nothing to you Madman.” Poison nodded. “You can’t be here simply to finish that one billion points, and its not very likely you are here for money. Because just the nurturing of that undying plant…is enough to make even an official level undying bankrupt.”

Luo Feng smiled and nodded, “And when I killed the five undyings earlier, I had already collected the one billion points, I’m now free from the army.”

“You mean?” Tai Wo was stunned.

“You are leaving?” Hammer said seriously.

“Are you leaving?” Demon lady wanted to speak but said nothing.

The group looked at him.

Luo Feng nodded, “Right, I’m leaving.”

Tai Wo, Hammer, Poison, Tornado, Demon lady, Wei, Rock, Mad Wu and god all exchanged glances, their expressions were complex. Even though they couldn’t bear to lose Luo Feng, they had all guessed…such a level of warrior couldn’t possibly stay in such a low level place such as shattered stars with them.

“My apologies.” Luo Feng said softly.

“No need.” Tai Wo said, “If you stay with us, against the weak, it would be a waste of your time. However against the strong…we would only hold you back, your decision is right.”

“Haha, no matter what, I Poison…was once your team mate.” Poison laughed, “Madman, you’ve never revealed your true name, looks like you must have some serious background. Haha, anyway we all have your contact number in the virtual universe, when you eventually wish to reveal your identity, you’ll tell us.”

“Definitely.” Luo Feng nodded.

Demon lady looked enchantingly at Luo Feng, shouting gently, “Genius…when you become a huge figure, don’t forget us.”

“I knew you’d cling to power.” The illusionist Wei rubbed the cat on his lap and shot a glance at her.

“If you were just as strong, I’d do it to you too.” She lifted her head, causing the skinny Wei to be speechless.

“Tens of thousands of years later, we may meet again. I’m afraid that, by then you’d shock us completely.” Hammer raised his large hand and pat Luo Feng’s shoulder. “I await that day, of course I’d have to survive and leave the outer region wars.”

…

Luo Feng had afterall chatted with this group for half a year, the separation…had finally come.

“These are the spoils from killing the five undyings earlier.” Luo Feng flipped his hand and took out a world ring. Looking at his brothers and sisters before him, “To me, these items…honestly, aren’t very useful. I believe you all need it a lot more than I do.”

After which, he used his world energy to control the ring.

“How can we allow this.”

“This…”

Tai Wo and the others were completely stunned, this was the wealth of five undyings, and especially with his majesty Meng Wei Na, it was easily akin to tens or even hundreds of one scaled undying Tuo Lu.

“Madman’s perspectives are completely different from ours. That Meng Wei Na…he easily killed him, these items truly don’t mean anything to him, everybody, just accept it.” The new recruit Rock said.

“Haha, the bigger the reward the better.” Poison laughed, immediately reaching first for the world ring.

“Wow, so many treasures.”

“Let me look.”

“These have to be worth a few tens of thousands of mixed elements.”

“Hm.”

“This is akin to our past 1,000 years of goods.”

The members all passed the ring around to check it, the captain Tai Wo said excitedly, “This scanning device is much better than the one we use. A good scanning device is very important in the outer region wars, it will allow one to detect your enemy first while remaining hidden to them. This one alone should be worth over 10,000 mixed elements. It’s good stuff, Madman, you…you will be exploring the battlefields, you need a good scanning device.”

“I have one.” Luo Feng nodded.

He already had two good scanning devices.

He bought one himself, which was extremely pricey. It would easily auction for over ten million mixed elements.

The other was the one his teacher Hu Yan Bo used back then, it too was priced at several tens of thousands of mixed elements. However, the one Hu Yan Bo used was more proficient in short distance and somewhat weaker at scanning huge areas like one hundred million km.

“Captain, how much do you know about the contribution points given from killing undyings?” Luo Feng asked, he wanted to ask before but hadn’t found the chance.

“Undyings are separated into generals, officials and emperor level. Of which official levels usually can reach the level of undying body, once that happens, killing them is extremely tough.” Tai Wo said, “And those generals without undying bodies are much easier to kill.

Luo Feng nodded.

“Killing a general has the least points, and was usually split between two levels. The lower level general will give one hundred million while the higher level would give one billion. Just these two levels.” Tai Wo said, “Official levels and emperor levels both have three levels each.”

“Killing a lower level official will give ten billion.”

“Killing a higher level official will give hundred billion.”

“Killing a pinnacle level official would give one trillion.”

“A lower level emperor would give ten trillion.”

“A high level emperor would give hundred trillion.”

“A pinnacle emperor would give one quadrillion.” Tai Wo finished everything in one breath. He had been in the outer region wars for a long time, hence he knew many undyings and also information about them.

Luo Feng nodded as he heard.

“Thanks.” He suddenly got up.

Tai Wo and the others looked at him.

“My brothers and sisters, you are considered my life and death partners, we’ll meet again when we leave the outer region wars. But, right now…I’ll be taking my leave.” He said.

“Be careful.” Tai Wo emphasized.

“Don’t you dare die.” Poison shouted, “Be careful, the other races have many tactics, without an undying body…the moment you fall into a trap, it’d be hard to escape.”

“I’m waiting to cling on to you.” Demon lady winked.

…

Luo Feng said his goodbyes to the group and turned to fly out of the ship.

Sou!

With a flip of his hand, an E9 grade disc shape ship appeared and he flew in.

Two ships, One C9 and another E9…flew in different directions and vanished into the distant space.

Luo Feng finally began his true battle journey in the outer region wars…


Chapter 776: Yan Ji Continent

Luo Feng had killed a good number of sector lords along with five undyings in his half year in Shattered stars. Even though he had given the valuable items from the five undyings to his sector lord elite team, he still kept some things…like the ship!

These other race sector lords and undyings had gone through countless life or death situations too, killing many human and automaton warriors, collecting a lot of ships. However they were killed by Luo Feng and now he owned many of these ships for himself.

When it came to F grade ships, there was just one, the Yun Mo planet ship.

As for the E grade ships, he had 1,821 of them.

For the D grade ships, he had 302.

Also, he had over 800 million C grade ships, it was a pity that they weren’t worth much.

Other than that, he got over 1 hundred million different grades of living ships.

“Even the captain Tai Wo, although he’s still an undying, he still uses a normal C9 grade ship to fly about in shattered stars, even though he has a whole bunch of E9 ships too. These C9 ships are cannon fodder. So, who knows how many he’s got.” Luo Feng thought. Many warriors spend hundreds of thousands of years in the outer region wars.

Normally, they order a large amount of C grade ships as cannon fodder.

Since it was cheap!

…

Within this E9 ship’s control room, Luo feng lay in the sofa and sipped on a boiling hot cup of tea.

“With this advanced scanning system, I’ll be able to quietly sip tea in the outer region wars, and I wouldn’t have to worry about any surprise attacks.” Luo Feng drank his tea as his arm screen displayed the surrounding information of the area about him. 1 billion km around him, the other race warriors couldn’t even detect Luo feng.

Shattered stars system didn’t have any warriors who were able to purchase this device worth over 10 million mixed elements, or those with the channels to do so.

“Luo Feng, there’s mail.” Babata shouted.

“Hm?” Luo feng frowned and connected to the virtual universe network. Most warriors were always connected to the network in the outer region wars, because it allowed them to know where their allies were around them, and in battle, they had to open the synchronized broadcast.

Only that way could the system see the battle and distribute contribution points.

“Send information to my arm quantum computer.” Luo Feng ordered, looking at his screen.

The army system immediately gave the order.

“Soldier Luo Feng, you’ve already completed your point quota and left the team. You have two choices now, one is to continue fighting, and the other is to retire and leave the outer region wars.” The worlds immediately appeared on his screen.

“Continue battle.” Luo Feng said softly.

The system received his answer and quickly sent another mail.

“Being free from the army, you have the right to exchange for treasures and even for cash. Every 100,000 contribution points equates to one mixed element. And as a Virtual Universe Company member, ever 100,000 contribution points can be exchanged for 1 point in the company. You can use the system to exchange for treasures or exchange them for points to exchange for in the virtual universe treasure trove.”

“You chose to continue to fight. Hence, you have two more choices”

“One, you can go alone.”

“Two, you can choose to lead a team. This team can have 100 sector lords, 1000 domain lords, and 10,000 universe levels. Your mission is to lead this team into the battles. When you encounter other armies, you will deal with the undying and your army will battle against theirs.”

“Pick one, the contribution points distribution is the same.”

“Picking the 2nd choice to lead an army, the point distribution will have an extra 50%. For example, when you kill a normal undying you usually get 1 hundred million points. When you lead an army however, killing the same undying will give you 150 million points. Also…when you lead the army, you needn’t protect them, you will have to deal with the undyings and stop the other race undyings from massacring.”

“Please make your choice.”

Luo Feng laughed.

Becoming a nanny?

The benefits seemed good, getting an extra 50% in points, even though it was pretty troublesome, however with the extra points, many undyings would probably still pick it. However Luo Feng had too many trump cards, especially the golden horned beast. Hence, how could he use them when he led an army?

“I pick the 1st option of going solo.” Luo Feng said softly.

“Already recorded. Soldier Luo Feng, you can apply to lead an army anytime you wish. We’ll now send you the latest 7th battlefield map. Please accept.” The system sent the new map over via the virtual universe and closed the call after.

…

“Map.” Luo Feng sat in his sofa and sipped tea, looking up at the map before him.

A 3D virtual map of the area showed up. The entire 7th battlefield seemed very complex in the map with a blur of special areas, like Shattered stars. These areas ranged in the tens of thousands, there were even more lower level places that were in the trillions, these areas had very few strong warriors, normally only sector lords, domain lords and universe levels moved around in those areas.

“Shattered stars has many sector lord teams, there are quite a few undying led teams too, with few official levels.” Luo Feng shook his head. “It has no challenge for me, and there are too few undyings. Just looking for them alone is problematic, hunting them would be even harder.”

Shattered stars didn’t suit him.

“Then I’ll head to…”

Luo Feng looked at the map.

After zooming in a little, the countless dots had names beside them.

“Yan Ji continent.” Luo feng glanced at this spot, “This is one of the high level battle areas within the area of the 26th base.”

“Zoom in.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Zoom in on Yan Ji continent.”

From among the trillions of dots, Yan Ji Continent was enlarged. This was an irregular continent that had large fragments floating about it. Words began to appear beside it, explaining in detail about the area.

“Yan Ji continent: One of the highest level battle areas in the 7th battlefield’s 26th camp area. Those that dare enter are humans along with other race warriors, their elite teams most definitely have undyings and the armies are usually led by undyings.”

“Every team has an undying, and there are a large number of official level undyings.”

“Amongst the undyings, generals take up 2/3rd of the number, officials take up 1/3 of them, and only very few are at emperor level.”

“Here, if one doesn’t have an undying body, survival chances are very low.”

“…”

“…”

Large amounts of information about the area’s dangers were displayed. It finally said, “The Yan Ji continent’s largest diameter is 1.8 light years with a few thousands of fragments that float about. These fragments have different diameters, the small ranging in the millions of km while the large in the trillions of km.”

…

Luo Feng sat in the sofa and sipped his tea, looking at the 3D map.

“Yan Ji continent is one of the highest level battle areas.” Luo Feng said. “However within the 7th battlefield, it’s still considered a 2nd class area. Above it, there’s still the 1st class, and within camps 22-36, there are even more terrifying areas. However those areas lowest level warriors are all at least official level undyings. The emperors mostly stay in those areas.”

“Hm.”

“My human body can rely on the soldier armor, amplifying to 1,000 sector lords’ strength…that would be the low level official undying’s strength, and my law comprehension is slightly stronger than a lower official. However I don’t have an undying body.” Luo feng shook his head. “Against normal official level undyings, my earth body would have a lot of difficulty…”

“The most dangerous places are where large amounts of emperor level undyings gather, I’ll head there in the future.”

“My strength is still insufficient.”

Luo Feng nodded, “When I become the most powerful being in Yan Ji continent, only then will I have the right to head to those places.”

“Babata, let’s head out.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes.”

Luo Feng’s scanning device had long detected some enemies, and easily dodged them. Hence this E9 ship had never been attacked even before engaging in universe travel.

“Universe travel.”

“50 times light speed.”

“Luo Feng, it’ll take about two hours to reach the travel point close to Yan Ji continent. After we travel there, it would still take another six days to reach the area. However, we have very advanced scanning devices, the chances of being attacked are very low. Regardless, you cannot get careless. You may get unlucky and meet an emperor level warrior somewhere, that level of warrior would have a device even more advanced than yours. If they discover how advanced your device is, they may very well choose to sneak over and attack you!”

“If you meet an emperor’s attack, that would be dangerous.”

“Hence you have to be on alert at all times.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

…

Six days later.

The black disc ship that had flown for a few days in the universe finally reached its destination.

Hua!

The alloy door of the control room automatically opened and Luo Feng entered the control room, ordering, “100% simulation.” The external scenery was immediately displayed clearly.

“Yan Ji continent.” Luo Feng stood in the control room and gazed ahead, “We are finally here.”

A vast continent stood before them, and surrounding it were other huge continents floating about.

“My time in the outer region wars may be spent here for the next few thousands of years.” Luo Feng pondered on the images of Tai Wo, Poison, Hammer, Demon lady…

“They are probably still in Shattered stars, Tai Wo, let’s hope you will all survive and return.”

“Let’s hope I will do so too.”

Luo Feng revealed a smile.

Sou!

The E9 ship swiftly flew towards the continent. From today, Tai Wo’s elite team would be fighting within Shattered stars against the other races. Luo Feng however would be fighting against the stronger warriors of the other races. What the future held, no one truly knew.


Chapter 777: Nuo Lan Shan?

Yan Ji Continent was the main huge continent surrounded by many other large fragments. Even though some of them are called fragments, some of them still require close to two months to completely fly past, one could only imagine how huge they were.

“Sou!” The black disc flew above a fragment.

“It sure is huge.”

Luo Feng stood in the control room and gazed at the vast endless continent below, “It’s just a fragment and yet I can’t see the end of it.”

“Luo Feng, according to the marker on the map, the main continent is named number One, we are currently flying over number Nine, and its largest diameter is about 900 billion km. The path we are taking right now is near 700 billion km mark, even if we maintain a speed of 290,000 km per second, it’d still take us a month to pass this area.” Babata’s voice resounded within the control room.

Luo Feng nodded.

Actually while in shattered stars, Luo Feng’s team had always flown about at light speed within a few days’ distance. However, this continent number Nine required a month to completely fly through, it was suitable to be a battlefield for warriors.

“An undying led army?”

“Hm? Hehe, this is the dark scarlet race, this is the first time I’ve seen one, it’s as cute as those in my inherited memories. Just from its appearance, it’s hard to imagine that they are truly terrifying.”

“Hm, an official level undying?”

While flying above continent Nine, through his scanning device, Luo Feng could clearly see the many teams around his 1 billion km area. As he guessed, this continent Nine…even though it was just a fragment, it was huge and had many warriors hidden within.

The many teams of other race warriors, their levels were clearly much stronger than Shattered stars, at least the undyings were frequently seen.

Luo Feng was dazzled by it.

After awhile, he didn’t bother to check up on every team, only ordering, “Babata, you’ll be in charge of the scanning device, let me know if anything happens.” He returned to his resting quarters. That room was made of F9 alloys, of course it was one from his majesty Meng Wei Na after countless years of battle.

…

After flying for half a month over continent Nine.

In the resting quarters.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng.” Babata shouted out urgently from within.

“What’s up?” Luo Feng asked.

“Hurry and come to the control room.” Babata said.

“You are purposely hiding something.” Luo Feng smiled and walked out towards to control room.

The external simulator was on within the control room. Luo Feng looked down and was shocked, “Babata, why have you stopped the ship? We planned to enter the main continent, but why are you stopping in the air above continent Nine?”

“Hehe.” Babata laughed weirdly.

Weng!

A screen appeared before Luo Feng and on it was a human image. He was dressed in a dark green armor with pointy ears, and his eyes were gleaming with red light like a venomous snake, the image gave others a chill.

“Nuo Lan Shan?” Luo Feng was shocked, “Babata, why are you showing me his picture, don’t tell me…”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Hehe, congratulations, you’ve guessed right.” Babata said proudly.

“You’ve really found him?” Luo Feng was shocked. Even now he still didn’t dare to believe it, how huge was the outer region wars, even though he flew through the large areas and scanned everything, it was still just a small portion of the entire battlefield.

And he actually found Nuo Lan Shan, this was fate!

“The ship was flying in the air above continent Nine with the scanning device turned on. Even though there were few human teams, there was nothing special. Just now however, it suddenly discovered Nuo Lan Shan and I immediately recognized the signal, hence I stopped the ship. Back then in order to get the treasures of earth, he used many underhanded tactics, you and your family almost died at his hands.” Babata said. “And now to be able to meet him here, according to what the earthlings say…it’s divine intervention!”

“Hm.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed coldly.

Nuo Lan Shan, back then he had sent a star level team to earth to use force to threaten earth, during which many humans had died and he forced the elites of earth out of their bases, and destroying the many bases as threats. Luckily Luo Feng became the leader of earth at the right time and used the Black Dragon Mountain laws to force him away.

The Nuo Lan Shan family was dissatisfied and secretly sent a special elite team to swiftly capture all of earth’s leaders along with Luo feng’s wife Xu Xin, and his brother Luo Hua as hostages.

His many tactics failed.

He even sent two universe level warriors over, of which one died and another became Luo Feng’s soul slave.

Finally, because of the incident in the world within a world, Luo feng had gotten a powerful warrior to kill Nuo Lan Shan. He however had fled in fear and come straight to the outer region wars.

Many things happened back to back, if even one of them had gotten messed up.

If Luo feng had become the earth’s leader later, earth would have been reduced to nothing with countless killed or injured.

If Luo Feng hadn’t successfully saved his family, they would have probably died tragically.

“Nuo Lan Shan!” Luo Feng was filled with killing intent. “We haven’t met in over 4,000 years, I wonder how strong you’ve gotten.”

“Babata.” Luo Feng ordered, “Scan where Nuo Lan Shan is and project it.”

“Yes.”

A screen appeared immediately in mid air and it displayed a shocking battle scene. On one side was humans with two undyings, around 200 sector lords, close to 2,000 domain lords and close to 20,000 universe levels. The other side was the demon race led by one demon undying. It was a completely scaled undying with four thick hooves, it had a layer of thin armor over its body and two malevolent heads, one of which had gold eyes and another had silver.

This powerful demon undying was fighting against and suppressing the two human undyings.

Simultaneously, the sector lords, domain lords and universe levels of the demon race ranging in the thousands had all sorts of appearances. The smallest was at 10m long while the largest reached 32 km. With thousands of them, their power completely suppressed the human side.

Among the close to 200 sector lords on the human side, there was one human silhouette…Nuo Lan Shan!

“Sector lord level 3?”

Luo Feng gazed down from the control room, however he could only see mist and not the battle scene itself, after which he looked up through the projection and mocked. “They had sent a distress signal straight to him.”

Distress signals were sent to all surrounding allies within an area of 10 billion km.

Luo Feng realized his distance from the battle wasn’t even one hundred million km. However, as his scanning device was advanced, it had blocked off any other party from scanning him…hence they couldn’t detect him. However the human side had the army system which informed them of when any allies were close by.

“Luo Feng, an undying from the battle below is requesting a call.” Babata said.

“Accept it.” Luo Feng nodded. “Send it to my arm quantum computer.”

The screen displayed a white robed man who had an urgent expression, “Ally, please help us, my scanners cannot detect you but the army system has detected your marker. You should be stronger than us, and with us two undyings, we should be able to deal with the demon undying. Please come and help us, we can barely hold on. The weaker universe, domain lord and sector lords are all crumbling and fleeing in all directions, the sector lords may be able to flee but the universe and domain lord levels have very low chances. We are all humans, please help.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Pa, he closed to call.

“That Nuo Lan Shan sure is crafty.” Luo Feng looked at the situation of the battle. “At sector lord level 3, he naturally won’t deal with the sector lord pinnacle warriors himself. Naturally the other sector lords will help him, hmm, looks like his relations with the others are not bad.”

“If this goes on, he may escape. And many universe and domain lord levels may die.” Luo Feng shook his head.

A black armor swiftly extended through his body, a black helmet covered his head and boots covered his feet. Simultaneously, a peculiar half a meter wide stone board appeared beneath his feet, and an exquisite gold beast god shield about 2m tall appeared in his hand.

“The golden horned beast doesn’t require the beast god armament, I’ll let the human body use it.” Luo Feng thought.

Luo Fu Qi board and beast god armament…

This was the set up he was going to use to battle here.

Rumble!

The cabin door opened and he swiftly flew out.

He rushed down.

High in the air above the mountain range, the humans and demons clashed. One could see huge ancient statues within the mountain ranges, these were left behind by the original natives of the Yan Ji continent back then. However, over the trillions of years, the natives were no longer there. Even though the statues had some peculiar energies, most were completely destroyed.

“2nd brother, we cannot hold on much longer.” Nuo Lan Shan said urgently. “We are about to fall, get ready to flee.”

“5th Brother, you hurry and leave.”

“5th brother, you are only sector lord level 3, if you meet any sector lord pinnacle you will definitely die. Many of the universe and domain lord levels have dispersed, hurry and flee, we have to give you all enough time.”

“2nd brother, you all…”

Nuo Lan Shan was anxious.

“Go on.”

“We won’t die.”

Amidst the massacre, Nuo Lan Shan gave off a pained expression but thought within, “This is already the 63rd time fleeing in the outer region wars, one truly meets life or death comrades here. Without them, I wouldn’t have been able to survive till now. It’s a pity, over 1,000 years of relationship may just end like that.” As Nuo Lan Shan was preparing to flee…

A powerful energy descended from above.

Howl…

A howl resounded throughout the land and skies.

A huge beautiful bird like silhouette rushed down and shocked both sides.


Chapter 778: Nuo Lan Shan’s Shock

The beautiful terrifying huge bird silhouette rushed down, it was a black armored silhouette with a gold shield.

“Luo Fu Qi Board!”

“Luo Fu Qi Board! There’s hope!”

The two human undyings were gleeful. The malevolent two headed demon undying however howled.

The Luo Fu Qi Board was a renowned flying weapon, it was naturally formed and made special. From a glance it was almost like a bird, especially with its naturally formed mysterious engraving of a bird. The moment it had fully melded with its owner, triggering it fully would produce the silhouette of a bird, causing one’s speed to rise greatly.

The price of the board was only about 1 – 2 million mixed elements. But as it was naturally formed, it was extremely rare and hard to buy. Even very few official level undyings had one.

Having a Luo Fu Qi Board alone was a display of status.

“Shu Fan, we can win.” The copper armored undying was burning with flames as he communicated excitedly.

“Haha, we may flip the tables.” The seemingly weak man was surrounded with water droplets as he smiled.

Howl…the demon undying was extremely cautious too. Even though it was attacking the two human undyings, it was ready to flee the moment anything bad happened.

However in that instant…

“What a joke.” Both undyings stared wide eyed, “Sector lord???”

“How could it be a sector lord!”

Howl…the demon undying was incredibly excited.

Their energy detection was incredibly precise, instantly sensing that the black armored man rushing down was a sector lord. Even though his energy was off the charts, even though he stood on a Luo Fu Qi Board…it couldn’t change the fact that this black armored man was still only a sector lord.

“How can it be a sector lord?” The two undyings were about to crumble. They thought their savior had come, yet it was just a sector lord…

Luo Feng stood on the board and rushed down. After looking at the malevolent two headed demon undying, naturally he was very clear about what type of demon this was.

Time Space Nightmare: One of the eighteen royal bloodlines of the demon race. At maturity it would naturally reach domain lord level, one head had a silver eye and the other had a gold. The gold eye could affect space while the silver could affect time, the moment both eyes used its strength simultaneously…it would have a strong control of both space and time, combined with a law domain…it could amplify its strength by many times.

And this beast below should be considered the shame of the Time Space nightmare undyings.

As a royal bloodline proficient in time and space, this particular beast had very low achievements in both time and space. Any stronger beast would easily reach official level, simply relying on its natural talents and yet this one only reached pinnacle general level. It was indeed a shame to the bloodline. Otherwise…a royal bloodline family was actually used to lead an army on the battlefield, and not given a undying underlings.

“Time Space nightmare, even though it’s far from the Hui Suo beast’s time stop, and far from the golden horned beast’s natural ability to strengthen…its population is still much more than both the space beasts.” Luo Feng thought within. “The twelve pinnacle bloodlines of the space beasts are much more valuable than the eighteen bloodlines of the royal demon bloodlines. However, similarly, the chances of them becoming undyings are much easier than the space beasts.”

Time space talent had different levels.

Space binding was a talent too, but its effect was pitiful.

Time flow change was a talent too, normally it could speed or slow down time, its amplitude was very minimal.

Teleportation was a talent too, its effects were heavenly (There were some life forms that were able to teleport from birth).

Time stop was just as heavenly.

…

“The weaker races all have their heroes too, the strong ones would have their weaker warriors. Time space nightmare…die!” Luo Feng rushed down and instantly triggered the gold shield in his hand. Large amounts of rhombus shaped metal plates flaked off, each with complex engravings as they instantly interweaved with countless gold threads.

A total of 999 flakes shot out. As countless threads weaved through, connecting to the universe laws, it almost instantly formed a huge large beast god projection in mid air. The 999 flakes vanished from sight and the beast god projection became clear, every scale on it visible.

Four thick legs with claws, a long scaled tale, one horn that pierced that skies.

The powerful energy that dominated the universe, even though it seemed weak at this moment, it still made others shudder.

“What’s this?”

“This…”

The two human undyings were shocked, even the demon undying stared wide eyed at the image. As for the humans and demon sector lords, they all simply went limp in mid air, falling from the skies and flopping on the ground. All of them were filled with fear, just the pressure alone made them crumble.

“Beast god armament 1st form, Beast god descends.” The black armored Luo Feng stood on the Luo Fu Qi board and gazed down at the Time Space Nightmare.

Howl…the beast below howled and rushed into the sky, simultaneously using both malevolent eyes to shoot out beams of light. The powerful law domain was affected by the time space control and its power rose greatly, immediately rushing towards the seemingly small and weak black armored sector lord.

“Hmph.”

Luo Feng gazed below.

Rumble!

The surrounding space warped and a huge grassland appeared. The powerful world projection immediately clashed with the law domain.

“Rumble…” The two clashed and the law domain was pushed back, finally closing in until it was only 100km around the beast itself. This made the beast give off a look of disbelief. How could his law domain be pushed back by world projection?

“Beast god descends with Sky tearing claw.” Luo Feng thought.

The powerful beast god projection let out a howl as it tore through space. This howl seemed to come from an ancient time itself, and as it flew, it rushed downwards and got incredibly close to the beast, after which it unleashed its malevolent claw…

Tear!

This blurry claw instantly tore through one of the beast’s heads that was biting at him, tearing through the thin layer of armor. Red and blue spewed in all directions as its head was torn apart, the claw didn’t seem to weaken at all as it followed through and slashed straight through the beast’s torso.

Howl…the beast’s other head let out an enraged howl as countless fragments of its body became undying energy and began to reform.

Tear!

The terrifying claw of the beast god along with countless gold leaves swiftly spread through tens of thousands of km in area, wrapping around the heavily injured and fleeing time space nightmare. Countless gold leaves madly wrapped around it, and in the blink of an eye, nothing was left of the beast at all, it had fallen.

“Dying under my strongest beast god presence and technique, you should be honored.” The black armored Luo Feng waved his hand and the undying star eating plant swiftly shrank and entered his shoulder.

Back then Xi Luo Duo had left four great manuals behind.

Beast god Armament, Beast God howl, Beast god transformation and Beast god run. Of which Luo Feng most frequently used the Beast god armament.

The Beast god armament had six levels, matching the seven forms of the Nan Shen 7 forms’ six levels.

Luo Feng had finished the 1st scaled form. After studying more, he also learnt the Beast God Descends. One had to know that when Luo Feng spent 900 years in Primal chaos city, his Beast god presence was already at the level of passing the 16th level of the heavenly bridge. As he focused even more on it for another 300 years, it allowed him to reach the point of the 17th level.

And the Beast god armament was a frequently used weapon by the knights. A good spirit weapon had very strong amplification effects. With the beast god armament, his power naturally soared. It became extremely easy for him to unleash the Sky tearing claw, almost as proficient as when the golden horned beast used it. Its power was close to an emperor level undying.

Close to emperor level!

Spirit energy amplitude was over 3,200!

Sector lord pinnacle spirit energy!

This made it so that when Luo Feng unleashed this move, it would have power akin to an official level undying! After including his world projection, he could easily suppress the Space time nightmare’s strong law domain…the moment he hit the body, victory was a given.

“Flee.”

“Flee.” The thousands of demons howled and shouted in all languages, dispersing in all directions. The human sector lords, domain lords and universe levels that were originally losing worked together and swiftly killed as many as they could. The two human undyings naturally didn’t lower themselves to go chase them, smiling as they walked towards Luo Feng.

“Thank you brother.” The copper armored undying walked over.

“Thanks for the help.” The weak looking undying carefully examined Luo feng, saying, “He is Boye and I’m Shu Fan, we are both generals. We believe that you are a majesty from one of the five leviathans.”

The black armored Luo Feng with helmet and boots descended, the Beast god armament in his hand and the Luo Fu Qi board beneath his feet entered his internal world.

Hua!

The black armored moved and his helmet vanished, revealing a short haired youth.

“2nd brother, 3rd brother.” On the other side, Nuo Lan Shan gathered excitedly with the two other sector lord pinnacle warriors, “We don’t have to separate anymore, it’s safe.”

“Haha…5th brother, we should thank that powerful warrior then.”

“That warrior sure is powerful, he should be sector lord level, yet he easily killed that demon race undying. And the gold leaves…should be an undying plant.”

Nuo Lan Shan nodded as he heard, thinking within, “A sector lord easily killing a demon undying, that’s powerful. That’s a true absolute genius, who knows what his background is. If I can get close to him, then Luo Feng wouldn’t be a threat anymore.” Nuo Lan Shan’s fear of Luo feng drove him to the outer region wars.

“Look, that warrior is revealing his face.”

“Hehe, looks like he’s no ordinary person.” The 2nd and 3rd brothers’ eyes gleamed. Many sector lords, domain lords and universe levels all looked over.

Nuo Lan Shan turned too.

The usual high and mighty two undyings seemed humble as they welcomed the black armored man and chatted with him. The warrior revealed his face, even though he had changed his appearance slightly, as this person was the reason behind his coming to the outer region wars for 4,000 over years, how could the hate filled Nuo Lan Shan not recognize this face?

“He, he, he…” Nuo Lan Shan looked at the distant black armored man, his eyes staring wide, almost like they were about to pop out.


Chapter 779: Traitor

“Luo Feng, it’s really Luo Feng!” Nuo Lan Shan’s brain was just crumbling from this.

He knew that over 4,000 years ago that if he stayed in the Black Dragon Mountain empire, with Luo Feng’s improvement speed…the distance between him and Luo Feng would only get closer within the human territories. Afterall, he did get the Huge Axe award for universe level, he had madness in his bones, hence he gritted his teeth and headed into the outer region wars to gamble.

Along the way, he had two very dangerous situations.

In the outer region wars, he risked his life over and over, he quickly broke through to domain lord level when he arrived. However, a domain lord level 1 here was just cannon fodder, he continued to struggle…

Overcoming situations over and over until he finally reached sector lord level!

How many years has it been and what did he fight for?

Because he was afraid of Luo Feng, hence he kept improving himself.

However now…

Luo feng actually appeared before him, and he had the strength to kill a pinnacle undying general.

“How did he get so strong, why is he so strong? Didn’t he just join the genius competition over 4,000 years ago, and he was only star level 9 then? It’s only been 4,000 years, and now he’s a sector lord pinnacle. Even a sector lord pinnacle shouldn’t be able to kill a pinnacle undying general!”

“It’s over.”

“It’s over.” His mind was in a mess, he felt helpless.

The two undyings of this army Shu Fan and Boye had introduced themselves.

Luo Feng smiled and nodded, “I’m called Yang.”

“Yang?” The two remembered this name,

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Luo Feng naturally had formed many connections with others, those closer to him like Tai Wo, demon lady and comrades in life or death, he would ask them to call him Madman! The main thing was to remain anonymous. Actually, the name Madman…was one he used even back on earth.

This nickname was commonly seen. Out of ten soldiers, there would probably be one with that name, Luo Feng wasn’t afraid of revealing his identity through it.

As for Shu Fan and Boye etc…they were bound to be just passing acquaintances, just a quick name for them to call. He had grown up in one of the eight great cities back in Jiang Nan base Yang Zhou city, hence he chose the name Yang.

“Yang, the commotion from the battle earlier was huge. There will be many other powerful warriors rushing over, we had better leave quickly.” Shu Fan said.

“Come with us.” Boye said.

Luo Feng nodded, “Alright.”

“Haha…” The two undyings immediately laughed. What a joke! To be able to kill a pinnacle general undying at sector lord level, it showed that his law comprehension level was at least an official level pinnacle. For such a being…when he became undying, he would almost definitely become an emperor.

Keeping close to such a being was such an honor.

“Gather.” Boye ordered and waved his hand, a huge silver disc ship with about 300m in diameter appeared, hua…the middle portion opened revealing a huge pathway.

“Gather!”

“Gather!” the other sector lord pinnacle warriors ordered, “Hurry onto the ship and we’ll leave immediately.”

“Yes.”

The incredibly excited universe levels, domain lords, sector lord soldiers flew from all directions, all flying into the ship, the pathway allowed up to a thousand at a time.

“5th brother, what are you thinking about?” The furry face tall and sturdy sector lord dragged Nuo Lan Shan, “Hurry into the ship.”

“Ah.” Nuo Lan Shan awoke, he couldn’t help but look into the distance.

There stood Luo Feng who glanced over, and the two of them made eye contact, causing Nuo Lan Shan to feel as though the beast god pressure had landed on him again, he shuddered.

“Coming.” Nuo Lan Shan followed the others into the ship.

…

This 300m diameter disc shape ship’s middle portion had a diameter of 200m and there were three cabins within. These three rooms all had a diameter of 200m each and easily housed close to 20,000 soldiers. Of which Nuo Lan Shan was within the middle cabin.

He sat in the corner and held his head.

“Calm down, I have to stay calm.” He howled within, as he couldn’t hold it in. Luo Feng’s appearance today had caused all hopes he had for the past 4,000 years to instantly crumble. He struggled between life and death for over 4,000 years because of that fear. This was specifically for the chance to take revenge on Luo Feng.

“Phew.”

“Phew.”

“Breathe.” Nuo Lan shan took deep breaths, perspiration beading from his forehead as he gradually calmed down.

“Over 4,000 years, he actually reached such a level and his strength is so terrifying. He’s definitely heavily respected within the Virtual Universe Company.” Nuo Lan Shan thought. With his position, he naturally didn’t know much about Luo Feng’s position in the company.

“Then!”

“My chances of revenge are zero!” He thought, “Using the other races to take revenge is also not possible. First, the moment they see a human they will kill me immediately. Secondly, they won’t even believe me. Third, if I work with the other races, I’ll be killed immediately. Fourth, even if they know there’s a genius here, there are many human geniuses, why would they want to kill Luo Feng? Lastly, if I leave the army, Luo Feng will take the chance to kill me, I’d have no chance to report at all.”

In all.

Using the other races to take revenge had a success rate of under 0.000000001%. This was close to zero, and the cost would be his own life.

“I don’t want to sacrifice my life.”

“Hm.”

“Then I’ll have to think of a way to survive.” Nuo Lan Shan pondered, suddenly his eyes gleamed “Right, the army has its rules in the outer region wars. Allies cannot kill each other, anybody who does so will be deemed a traitor and will be executed…”

“That means as long as I stay within the army, with countless people around me, Luo feng cannot kill me.”

“And if I leave the army and go on my own. He’ll probably have his methods to get an automaton puppet etc to easily kill me. And if a puppet kills me…even if the system sees it, it cannot determine its him.”

“Right.”

“This is what I will do then.”

Nuo Lan Shan nodded, making up his mind within. He would stay with this army under the two undyings! At least if Luo Feng did do anything to kill him here…the army would be able to determine his guilt easily and he would be executed.

“I don’t believe he would sacrifice his life to kill me.” Nuo Lan Shan smiled.

“5th brother, that mysterious sector lord warrior before sure was powerful, he must have a huge background to have an undying plant and such strength.”

“Hehe, right, he sure was powerful.” Nuo Lan Shan smiled and nodded.

Within the ship’s control room.

Boye and Shu Fan, the two undying generals were using a banquet to welcome Luo Feng.

“Yang, if it weren’t for you this time, we two brothers may have fallen. This debt…we will always remember. Come, try, this is the Ye Hua wine exchanged from the camp, even though it’s not very expensive, it has a unique flavor.” Shu Fan lifted his glass.

Luo Feng did so too and took a sip, the wine dripped down his throat and became a shimmering light, making his entire body comfortable.

“Not bad.” Luo feng nodded.

“To meet you in such a time of crises, haha, we are blessed.” Boye laughed loudly.

“Since we are all allies, I naturally should help if I can.” Luo feng said.

As for helping…

One of the reason was because they were human allies, and most importantly, his target was Nuo Lan Shan. Luo Feng hated him to the bone. Right now, he had entered this team…then dealing with Nuo Lan Shan would be much easier, as every action of Nuo Lan Shan could be easily monitored by him.

“He was terrified earlier, now he seems to have calmed down.”

“Haha, looks like he realized that I cannot do anything to him in the army.”

“Right, within the team, I am unable to make my move. Attacking allies is a serious offence.”

“However…”

“You will still die.” Luo Feng naturally joined the team with a guarantee of being able to kill Nuo Lan Shan without any consequences.

“If you leave the army and go alone, I’ll have ways to kill you.”

“If you stay within the army, the moment the army clashes with other races…amidst the chaos, I’ll naturally find a way to kill you.” Luo Feng was incredibly relaxed.

Whether Nuo Lan Shan stayed in the army or left in fear, he would still die!

Nuo Lan Shan still thought that the army would be safe, because… he didn’t know, a warrior as powerful as Luo feng would be able to find ways to kill him no matter what.

“Shu Fan, Boye.” Luo Feng smiled, “I want to ask.”

“Speak.”

The two undyings spoke simultaneously.

Luo Feng smiled, “I just came to Yan Ji continent, and this continent here…should be one of the larger fragments right.”

“The space map says this is continent number Nine.” Shu Fan smiled, “Actually there are many other races here on this continent. Over the countless years, they’ve already had their own names for these fragments, this one fragment is called island.”

“Island?” Luo Feng was shocked, a continent larger than the sun by many times was called an island?

“Right, other than the main continent, the other fragments are normally called islands. The one we are over right now is Fog island.” Shu Fan smiled. “The main continent has many powerful warriors, many official level undyings, even emperor level undyings. Hence it’s extremely dangerous. Those that know they are not strong enough… mostly stay on these islands. This Fog island is a larger island with many other races, however the undyings here are mostly at general level. There are about twelve official level undyings here, maybe a little more. In all, we’ve confirmed twelve of them and these twelve are considered the top power on Fog island.”


Chapter 780: Expedition

“There are at least twelve official level undyings?” Luo Feng put down his wine, “I really haven’t fought an official level undying yet since coming to the outer region wars.”

“Yang, you have to be cautious, otherwise it’s really easy to die.” The undying general Shu Fan emphasized, “A pinnacle general compared to an official. Even though it may seem like a small difference. However the difference in ability is terrifying…up to tens of thousands of times different. Just in terms of strength, the two may have very little difference, the only difference however is…the undying body!”

“The moment one attains an undying body, the difficulty to beat him will go up tens of thousands of times.”

“Like Boye and I, our strength is very close to an official, however if we self destruct, we can completely destroy an official level undying. However, he would still be able to regain his body without any damage. If our self destruct cannot even harm the enemy, what’s the point of battle? If we meet an official, there’s only one word… Flee!” The undying general shook his head and sighed. “With an undying body, even if we destroy that body thousands of times, he would be undamaged. Only with an undying body would one truly be eternal, otherwise even an undying is just cannon fodder.”

Luo Feng frowned.

Normally there were only two ways to kill an undying with an undying body, one was to destroy his soul, another was to simply use brute force. But, both of these options had huge requirements. Like the mission Luo Feng was assigned to by the Virtual Universe Company, killing an official level undying, they naturally sent a team led by an emperor level undying, and it still took a few rounds of battle before the undying was killed.

“Let’s not talk about such matters Yang.” The general Boye’s voice was thick as he said anxiously, “You just came to Fog island, if you don’t have a destination in mind, how about…you follow us brothers first.”

“Right right right.” Shu Fan said beside, “Sticking to us brothers, you can get used to the battle atmosphere here in Yan Ji continent.

The two of them looked with anticipation at Luo Feng.

“Then I’ll be bothering you two.” Luo Feng smiled.

Sticking to this team would allow him to deal with Nuo Lan Shan, naturally this was his best option. The more important reason was…

His battle plan.

Luo Feng would be here on Yan Ji continent for a very long time. As to exploring such dangerous places, it was better to acquire some experience first and collect information about the place.

…

After flying in the ship for over a day, they entered a mountain range, the clouds engulfed the area. This was the reason the area was called fog island, as over 1/3rd of the island was covered all year in thick fog.

“We’ve returned.”

“Haha, we’ve survived.”

“And we got quite a bit of points this time, it’s all thanks to the sudden appearance of the mysterious sector lord warrior.”

Nuo Lan Shan followed the other soldiers through a path and entered the camp within the mountain range, its insides had long been dug clean to fit a large base.

“Since Luo Feng joined the army, it seems like he really wants me dead.” Nuo Lan Shan glanced at the three silhouettes walking together in the distance, cursing within, “Just wait, I’ll just stay in the army, let’s see what you can do to me. If you kill me, that would be a huge crime and you’d have to pay the consequences.”

…

“Yang.” Shu Fan and Boye sent Luo Feng into a quiet palace, “You can stay here for now, we’ll give you detailed information about Fog island when we get back. And whatever we understand about the place, we will send to you. We will rest for about 15 days before heading out on another expedition.”

After awhile.

Luo Feng received information via the virtual universe network.

There was very little information about Yan Ji main continent, but there was much available about the Fog island.

“Detailed information about the twelve officials of Fog Island.” Luo Feng sat and looked at the information on his arm, every one of their pictures and information was displayed.

“Demon race, nickname Wheel Snake?” Luo Feng looked at his picture and shook his head. “This is one of the eighteen royal bloodlines of the demon race, the Wheel oct eye snake. Looks like a lot of the human undyings have very little understanding on how to deal with the other races.”

“Belongs to the bug clan, nickname Boulder? The information sure is lacking, this Boulder, he should be one of the races living far on the borders of the universe. He should belong to the Rock life form Ka Wu race.”

“Automaton allies, nicknamed Blade flash?”

“Nickname Black mist?”

“Nickname Nightmare?”

Luo Feng looked at the information of the official level undyings, among which the demon race had three, the automaton race had two, the bug clan had four and humans had three. Of course, large amounts them were of the four pinnacle race’s allies. After all the subservient races were far from the pinnacle races, however once the numbers added up…they would be much more than the pinnacle race undyings.

In the blink of an eye, fifteen days had passed. The general Shu Fan and Boye led their armies in the ship and flew carefully above Fog island, looking for their target. This time however they were very confident…because Luo Feng was on the ship too.

Luo Feng, Shu Fan and Boye stood in the control room.

“We’ve discovered our target.” Shu Fan pulled up his screen and projected it. It was a blur of large amounts of Scaled beings. The Qiu Shi soldiers, from a glance, there were over 10,000 of them. These little scaled beings are very ferocious, even normal domain lords and sector lords can explode and reform. From the looks of it, their scanning device isn’t as advanced as ours. They have two undyings, and these two are not from the twelve officials list, they should be at general level.”

“Should we attack?” Shu Fan looked at Boye and Luo Feng.

“Yes.” Boye gritted his teeth.

“Yang?” Shu Fan looked at Luo Feng.

“I came here to get points.” Luo Feng smiled, “Let’s do it.”

“Alright.”

Shu Fan immediately gave the order to the three cabins below, “Listen well, the battle will begin in about four minutes, the targets are the disgusting scaled beings.”

…

Nuo Lan Shan looked at the pictures of the scaled beings, looking up, “Just some ugly scaled beings, everybody better get more points later.”

“Yes captain.”

“Understood.”

The domain lords and universe levels all replied excitedly.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng, I will always stay within the army, let’s see what you can do to me. In awhile, I’ll get more points.” Nuo Lan Shan was feeling the itch and he suddenly heard a rumble, the cabin doors had opened and a powerful roar rang in his mind, “Listen to my order, battle.”

Hua!

The vast army of close to 20,000 soldiers swiftly flew through the spacious cabin pathways, Nuo Lan Shan was naturally amongst them.

“Rumble…” A distant terrifying ripple rushed over, causing the space around to tear apart, the ripple shocked everybody.

“The battle’s already begun.”

Nuo Lan Shan glanced at the distance. In mid air, there were three humans. One of them was completely covered in flames, one in ice cold energy and one more with the aura of a huge bird, simultaneously controlling a terrifying huge beast god projection.

They fought against two undyings. One of them was extremely powerful, and every punch tore through space and another with nine blades.

Howl…The countless ugly scaled beings rushed over at them.

“Kill!” The human soldiers all became over 10,000 beams of lights and fought.

“It’s time to get points!” Nuo Lan Shan’s eyes gleamed with excitement. He, who had acquired the Universe level Huge Axe medal before enjoyed killing within. He flashed as fast as lightning at two Qiu Shi Warriors, they were both domain lord level 9 warriors, they howled and tried to surround Nuo Lan Shan.

“Committing suicide.” Nuo Lan Shan released his world projection and suppressed them, after which two delicate cicada wing like flashes of blade lit up!

They flashed in eight directions.

The two Qiu Shi warriors were instantly torn to shreds. It made the distant sector lord level nine Qiu Shi warrior howl and rush over, causing Nuo Lan Shan to retreat.

“Fifth brother, be careful.”

“Leave that punk to us.”

The relationships forged over countless years had made the sector lord pinnacle warriors naturally come help out.

This scene made Nuo Lan Shan happy within. Even though he was independent of the army already, he didn’t like exploring alone mainly because the army always had others to help him out. Of course…at sector lord level 3, he normally needed other sector lords to help. It would take very long for him to reach sector lord level 9.

Pu chi.

“Die.” He once again killed the surrounding domain lord level 9 enemies, flashing back immediately to join with the other humans to kill others. Within this life or death training, he was like a fish in water, he enjoyed it deep in his bones.

“Thrilling.” Nuo Lan Shan killed excitedly.

“Ah, this Luo Feng actually didn’t take out his undying plant.” Nuo Lan Shan glanced at the distance, discovering that Luo Feng had fought a few rounds with one of the scaled undyings. Even though the enemy was heavily injured, he hadn’t won completely yet, “If he takes out his undying plant, he would definitely win, without it… would be much harder.”

Nuo Lan Shan turned back to continue his massacre, rushing straight at a group of weak soldiers, making the sector lord level 9 Qiu Shi warriors rush over angrily.

At this time…

Rumble!

A powerful flash of a blade tore through thousands of km, directly piercing through the area Nuo Lan Shan was in.

“Ah!” He was instantly pierced through by the slash, his entire body exploding to pieces, before he died, he stared wide eyed, raging within, “Luo Feng!!!” The slash had torn through many of the little Qiu Shi warriors surrounding him, they died tragically.

And in the distant air, Luo Feng who was engaged with the undying with the nine blades noticed this scene in the corner of his eye, snorting coldly before continuing to battle.

“I don’t believe I can’t kill you without the undying plant.” Luo Feng roared.


Chapter 781: Ants

“Fifth brother.”

“Fifth brother!!!”

“Captain!” The distant universe soldiers who witnessed the scene all shouted in pain and agony. Nuo Lan Shan had been a good comrade over these countless years.

“Bastard.”

“Despicable punks, go and die.” The pain filled soldiers all attacked even more madly at the Qiu Shi scaled warriors. They only thought that he was killed by a ripple of attack from the undying battle, these ripples normally don’t kill sector lord. However even a sector lord pinnacle would die without doubt when hit by one of the blade slashes, much less the Sector lord level 3 Nuo Lan Shan.

“Kill.” The human soldiers rushed at the enemies, the enemies did the same back at them.

It was war!

…

Nuo Lan Shan’s death was indeed within Luo Feng’s calculations.

The Qiu Shi undying fighting Luo Feng was a spirit reader too, he controlled nine blades! While Luo Feng was blocking his attacks and the two fought, the Qi Shi’s blade clashed with the Beast God’s claws. The blade’s attack was knocked sidewards and its slash naturally curved. The Beast god projection simply altered its angle and aimed it at a particular direction Luo Feng had intended on.

The Beast god projection’s claw blocked and altered the attack’s angle…

Even the harsh and extremely strict army system wouldn’t be able to determine Luo Feng as the culprit. He was after all simply blocking an attack.

Just like that…

Nuo Lan Shan was dead! He thought that the army would be extremely safe for him, he didn’t know…that there would be loopholes in the system. Hence he died unknown in the battlefield, amongst the countless members that had fallen.

“Back then I was forced by Nuo Lan Shan to such extremes, almost like it was the end. I felt like he was such a huge presence back then unable to shake. Now however…after 4,000 years of training, he’s strength had risen so much, yet he was still nothing but an ant to me. There was no difficulty in killing him at all, just like stepping on an ant.” Luo Feng thought. “Strength, this is strength.”

“The outer region wars, is life or death training.”

“This training is most importantly to raise one’s strength and not to head out to kill aimlessly over and over. One has to reflect on each battle over and over to acquire more experience.” Luo Feng got a strong sense of anticipation after accomplishing his goal of killing Nuo Lan Shan.

Becoming an absolute warrior!

A true warrior with the ability to protect himself, unshaken by any other powerful warriors.

…

“Go!” Luo Feng stood on the Luo Fu Qi board and looked at the distant Qiu Shi undying.

Howl…a formless howl from an ancient time, a powerful Beast god projection that rushed forward, completely suppressing the surrounding space, pushing down on the poor enemy. It could only use its nine blades to block and defend.

Tear!

Its powerful claws immediately hit the nine blades that were used to defend, after which, the terrifying energy tore right through its body.

Rumble! Its body was torn apart and knocked away.

The shredded body quickly began to regain its form in space as the enraged Qiu Shi undying looked at the distant Luo Feng. He let out an ear piercing scream in human language, “Human sector lord, I don’t believe I can’t kill you.” The nine blades quickly became nine beams of light and pierced at Luo Feng!

“Phew!”

The Beast god’s projection used its scaled tail to sweep away seven beams of light, with two remaining.

“You are after all just a sector lord, your body cannot withstand my attack.” The Qiu Shi undying gritted his teeth.

Rumble.

Luo Feng wielded the Beast god Armament shield, casually blocking. With the Beast god armament, it gave him the strength of a low level official undying, plus its material itself easily knocked away the two blades.

“So hard to kill, a pinnacle general undying sure is hard to kill. I’ve already shredded his body seven times, however he manages to regain his form over and over. However, from the looks of it, he’s lost quite a bit of strength.” Luo Feng frowned. “Simply using the Beast god armament without the undying star eating plant…sure is hard.”

Rumble!

A howl resounded from another direction, the other scaled undying had fallen.

“Yang, Yang.”

The distant Shu Fan and Boye looked over at Luo feng, Shu Fan couldn’t help but tell him mentally, “These scaled beings are energy life forms. They are more adept than flesh and blood life forms in regaining their form! Even those without an undying body, as long as they aren’t too weak, they’d still take tens of times to be destroyed before they truly die. Yang, with the undying plant helping…first destroy him and than let the plant swallow his shredded body. Completely swallowing his shredded body will naturally kill him. This is the quickest method.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng replied, “I want to use him to train myself, please wait awhile.”

The distant Shu Fan and Boye exchanged glances, not daring to say anything, immediately heading to the army to swiftly deal with the little enemies.

“Quickly flee.”

“Flee.”

Howl…

The Qiu Shi soldiers all shouted in different languages, dispersing in all directions. The human soldiers naturally took the chance to kill as many as they could.

The remaining Qiu Shi Undying immediately revealed a look of shock. “The two human undyings are coming, the moment they join hands with this sector lord, I’d be dead. I have to flee now.” He couldn’t care less anymore, immediately turning to flee.

“Where are you going?” Luo Feng’s gaze was cold.

Rumble!

His world projection swiftly increased its binding strength. With it there, the Qiu Shi undying’s flying speed was naturally affected, Luo Feng’s however was boosted and he swiftly caught up.

“Human, don’t force me.” The undying turned and shouted angrily, its screech piercing.

“Self destruct?” Luo Feng smiled coldly.

The huge Single horned lizard in space rushed down and pressed down, its right and left claws grabbing the Qiu Shi undying. It was just like a piece of tofu, madly torn apart by the Huge Beast god projection over and over…however it simply regained its form everytime. But, each time the body was reformed, it did take up a lot of its undying energy.

It didn’t have an undying body afterall, it would lose a large amount of its undying energy everytime it was torn apart.

And it couldn’t escape!

Attacked over and over.

“Ah.” The undying howled and wanted to rush at Luo Feng, wanting to self destruct to take him along with is. However it was once again torn apart by the beast god projection.

It felt nothing but pain and hatred.

He wanted to self destruct and yet it couldn’t even get close!

It was forced into a corner with no other way. Its spirit attacks before had no effect whatsoever and it failed in attacking him with its long distance spirit weapons. Now its self destruct abilities were hindered by the distance too. Being torn apart over and over drove him to the brink of madness.

“Tearing me again, you shall be torn too!!!”

“Rumble!” The undying was being torn apart again when it self destructed.

Rumble…

The explosion instantly caused thousands of km of space around to crumble. The pinnacle general undying’s explosion was thousands of times its normal attack…this was an undying’s final move. Luo Feng’s Beast god projection instantly crumbled under the attack with large amounts of metal flakes dispersing in all directions, after which they all curved and returned to Luo Feng and rejoined the Beast god shield.

“Killing a pinnacle general undying sure is troublesome.” Luo Feng shook his head.

Sou! Sou!

The distant Shu Fan and Boye flew over.

“Haha, congratulations Yang.” Shu Fan smiled, “To be able to kill a pinnacle general undying alone, this is not easy at all. Even us…we have to combine our strengths to do so.”

“You must combine strengths?” Luo Feng looked at them.

“Hm.”

Shu Fan nodded, “1v1 with the strengths closely matched, it’s extremely hard to kill a pinnacle general. Even if he’s torn apart, he can reform his body. Even though it would take up undying energy. However, normal generals can maintain their energy to reform at least ten times. This isn’t a problem, especially when he ultimately feels like he cannot hold out any longer with no chance to escape and no allies coming in time, he can choose to self destruct at the last moment…1v1, if he self destructs at close distance, the victor would lose his life too.”

“Hence normally we work together.”

“With the two of us, the moment we gain the advantage and destroy his body, we can immediately use undying energy to bind the shattered fragments, not letting him swiftly reform, and separating the pieces. As these fragments have powerful undying energy within, they will struggle very hard. It takes two of us with our full strengths to control them and destroy each part individually. These fragments would then be separated into two portions. One man will deal with the fragments and continuously destroy them, making those parts get weaker and weaker, wasting the enemy’s undying energy. And under such circumstances, he wouldn’t be able to self destruct too…finally when all undying energy has been spent, he would die.”

“If it was one person alone, one would first separate the fragments and suppress the fragments himself, unless he was very strong, it would be very hard to do…”

“Unless one attacks from a distance like you Yang, you don’t have to fear the self destruct.” Shu Fan smiled.

Luo Feng nodded.

When he killed the undyings before, he used the star eating plant to help him, naturally it was much easier.

“Shu Fan, Boye, I think…it’s time I left.” Luo Feng said.

“Leave?” The two generals were shocked.

“Right now?” the two of them really wished for Luo Feng to stay in their team. However, they were very clear…the chances of him staying for long was very very low.

“Haha, you two are my first friends here in Yan Ji continent. We will definitely meet again.” Luo Feng smiled, “I have my own plan, hence…”

“We all have our own goals, we won’t force you. Yang, live till retirement.” Boye said.

“Live till retirement.” Shu Fan said too.

“Same, live till retirement.” Luo Feng smiled.

Rumble!

After which he became a beam of light and swiftly vanished into the distance.


Chapter 782: Hundred Years

Luo Feng sat in his ship and flew above Fog Island. He had just forced the Qiu Shi undying to self destruct. It however made Luo Feng realize that he didn’t have the power to cleanly kill just one pinnacle general undying, he was much weaker than he thought.

“Train, I have to strengthen myself. I’ll first train on fog island and when I’m the strongest here, I’ll head to the main continent.” Luo Feng decided.

“Babata, that mountain range.”

Sou!

Luo Feng kept his ship and sneaked alone into the mountain range. It had a huge cave within that seemed like it hadn’t been inhabited for a long time. Some large team had probably used it a long time ago.

“From today on, this will be my base.” Luo Feng raised his hand, “Star eating plant, fill up every hole and cave in this mountain except for mine!”

The gold star eating plant immediately landed within the cave and followed his orders, swelling up to a huge size. One had to know that this plant had the ability to grow to the size of a sun. Hence, filling up this entire cave was simply too easy, countless leaves spread open and the entire cave became a sea of leaves.

Heavily layered protection!

The scanning device had a diameter of one billion km. It also had a super scanning area of 10,000 km. Luo Feng’s device was afterall one of the top end devices, it could maintain a huge area and specialized area simultaneously, naturally its small area was more advanced.

Other than that, there was also the star eating plant’s protection.

“At least while I train, I don’t want to be ambushed. The scanning device is after all just a device, there will be errors. But, with the star eating plant…it’ll be much safer.” Luo Feng immediately set up base, this would be where he would stay for long.

His training program thus began. According to the survival experiences he found from the virtual universe network, along with his own experiences, Luo Feng had his own rules in regards his training and survival in the outer region wars.

After every hunt and battle, he would return to reflect for ten days to half a month if short, the longest stretching for three to five months.

…

One had to know that the undyings mostly moved in two’s or even three’s.

Yet, Luo Feng hunted alone!

Simply using the Beast god armament was very taxing. Hence, he was occasionally surrounded and had to unleash his blade work to battle.

Luo Feng’s strength using the Beast god armament was only around low official level. But, the main thing was the basics of a sector lord pinnacle world energy was too weak. And his official level strength wasn’t at an undying body level yet. Accurately speaking, it was only slightly stronger than a pinnacle general undying.

Using close combat however, he had the strength of a high level official. As he could use the soldier armor which amplified his strength to 1,000 times sector lord, his foundation was much more powerful. That plus his close to emperor level Beast god presence, his blade work…was naturally at a high level official amount of power.

The moment he used his blade work, the other race warriors would immediately begin to flee. Even if Luo Feng used his undying star eating plant…he would normally only be able to catch and kill one.

…

Time passed, any surviving warrior in the outer region wars had usually been around for thousands to tens of thousands of years. In the blink of an eye, a hundred years had passed since Luo Feng came to Fog island.

A hundred years…

Luo Feng had gone hunting hundreds of times. When he first began, he simply relied on the star eating plant when he couldn’t succeed alone to kill his enemies. He had killed quite a few undyings then. However gradually, his reputation spread and the strong warriors on Fog island shared that information about him. They all knew of a human sector lord with an undying star eating plant.

“Despicable human, actually relying on an undying star eating plant.”

“He actually has an undying plant.”

“Bastard.”

“Even my senior, an official level undying doesn’t have an undying plant. The other eleven officials have never owned a plant before! That plant is simply too hard to deal with. With countless leaves, the moment they wrap about and swallow, there’s no place to flee, it’s worse than dealing with an official level undying.”

In the past, the undyings of Fog island would move about in two’s or three’s.

However with the news of the Star eating sector lord spreading, with him even being recognized by the twelve officials of Fog island, they all regarded him as the thirteenth most powerful being.

Hence…

The many undyings of Fog island began to form alliances. They were moving in two teams , with four to five undyings in one team, or even six or seven at a go. That way…even if they met Luo Feng, they had the strength to suppress him. The moment he unleashed the star eating plant or blade work, they could all choose to sacrifice 5% of their undying bodies to self destruct the plant and shake his world projection binding before fleeing!

Hence, Luo Feng’s point accumulation gradually decreased.

He had sighed back then: “The undyings, none of them are stupid. Without an undying plant before, they all moved about in twos or threes. But, now with my appearance here…they’ve immediately become four or five, even six or seven moving together, and when they realize things are going south, they self destruct 5% of their undying energy to escape together, all maintaining close to light speed. I can’t even catch up…it makes it extremely hard for me to kill an undying.”

“Luckily…my aim right now is to train myself. The contribution points are secondary, the more undyings there are…the better it is to train myself.”

Every battle.

Was a life or death training experience. The other races would easily lose their lives if they got careless, hence they would give their all, making Luo Feng gain more from each battle.

…

Of course over these hundred years, Luo Feng did meet some danger.

There were three times so far that he had come across extremely dangerous situations.

Of which two times, he was surrounded while chasing an undying! Actually even though it was traps set by those undyings, Luo Feng naturally had discovered them long ago. However, in order to train himself, he still rushed straight in.

Such mad killing, using all his strength to survive made him have extra benefits. Even though the two times were dangerous, his earth body still survived.

The third time however was the most dangerous within these hundred years.

That time…

Luo Feng had locked on to a team that had four undyings. Luo Feng didn’t even consider them a challenge and sneaked in…suddenly attacking and destroying the living ship. The battle began instantly! The large amounts of sector lords, domain lords and universe levels fled in all directions.

Luo Feng began a mad battle with the four undyings.

At this time!

One of the fleeing sector lords suddenly had a huge bug clan mother nest appear beside him. A blur of sector lord pinnacle bug soldiers accompanied the nest for a total of 300,000 sector lord pinnacle soldiers. Just one combined attack caused his earth body to have no way to escape. He even gave up on using the undying star eating plant, he didn’t want the plant to be killed by the blast.

Back then, he did one thing…

He grabbed the 2m tall 1m wide gold shield to block the attack.

Rumble!

The combined attack of 300,000 sector lord pinnacle bug soldiers hit the Beast god armament shield. This was indeed a weapon used by knights…the attack naturally didn’t even damage the shield but it was instantly knocked far away. The powerful force of the attack however instantly shattered the Soldier armored Luo Feng’s body behind it!

The shield had already diffused 99% of the attack!

However with his body three times stronger than a normal sector lord’s, he was still instantly shattered by the force. Even his internal core, (formed by world energy, not the main core) was instantly shattered.

His earth body died!

In the instant he died.

The mosha body transformed to the earth body’s appearance, the shattered body and soldier armor etc were all kept in his world ring. The Mosha body grabbed the world ring and wielded the shield, as he was knocked back, he used the force of the attack to flee.

Sou! Sou!

He later took the Yun Mo planet ship and swiftly fled.

While he fled, his scanning device helped him realized…that the other race undyings and soldiers etc were underlings of the bug clan queen. She hid herself in one sector lord slave’s internal world, normally staying hidden within.

Even the bug clan queen was shocked that the combined attack of 300,000 sector lord pinnacle bug warriors which had the power to heavily injure an emperor level undying didn’t even kill one human.

“He actually didn’t die, hurry and flee.” The queen ordered.

“Flee.” Luo Feng did so too.

Even if he could win if he fought on against the queen, the cost wouldn’t be small.

…

Other than that one time with the bug clan queen, other times were ok.

Actually, the undyings would adapt according to the situations in the outer region wars. If it was very dangerous, they would team up. If it was pretty safe, they could explore alone. In all…the level of danger Luo Feng encountered was pretty normal.

One extremely dangerous incident in hundred years, it wouldn’t be easy to survive tens of thousands of years.

…

Within another area of the mountain range where Luo feng had his base.

Three beast head human body men and women sat in alloy chairs, it was obvious these were demon race puppets.

“Bu Ci Ya is dead.”

“It’s that star eating sector lord.”

“How can our luck be this bad. Over these sixty years, we’ve met him three times, that’s simply unlucky. During these three times…the first two times we managed to survive. The third time however, he got rid of Bu Ci Ya. That star eating sector lord’s improvement is too fast, he was much more powerful than the first two times.”

“He’s improving too fast, if we meet him again, I’m afraid…” The three demon undyings went silent, the atmosphere within the palace was very subdued. There were thirteen terrifying beings on Fog island.

Twelve official level undyings and one star eating sector lord!

They had a saying…they’d rather face an official than the star eating sector lord!

And yet they bumped into him three times in sixty years…it was just unlucky.

…

In another portion of this mountain range, there lay Luo Feng’s training grounds.

“Haha, the effects of my 1,200 years of study in primal chaos city are growing so much more from the fighting and killing.” Luo Feng walked out of his palace and stretched, rubbing the star eating leaf that extended over, smiling, “Demon undyings, your base is only 120 million km away from here, it’s always under my observation. I’ve been extremely benevolent to only attack you three times in sixty years.”


Chapter 783: Testing His Blade

“If I make some progress with my bladework, it would be too simple to just go kill the three demon undyings. There’d be no challenge, naturally I wouldn’t be able to fully test my blade work.” Luo Feng’s eyes were excited. Even though his rewards from his 1,200 years of study in primal chaos city were huge, however law comprehension… was simply just theory.

Theory was very important.

Usage was just as important.

And the techniques that were used to attack and defend, like the four absolute manuals of Xi Luo Duo were most suitable for himself. As Luo Feng trained in the Beast god path too, these four manuals suited him well! Hence he had already reached a very high level of using the Beast god armament.

However!

His earth body and gold horned beast were strongest at close combat!

His earth body, because of the soldier armor, was naturally strongest when using blade skills. But, Xi Luo Duo’s manuals had no such techniques! As for the golden horned beast’s close combat…none of its techniques were made with the concept of the Beast god path too.

Hence Luo Feng had to create his own.

“Back then, the illusionary seven blades that I learnt had long reached the creator’s level, however the seven blades themselves have no limit theoretically. They are simply seven techniques, Dutchman’s pipe, Pensive, Burial, Nightmare, Regret, End of the world. These seven techniques had seven different pathways, however they could be further studied…

“From my many battles these hundred years.”

“The experience I got from killing the other races, the practical experience has allowed me to constantly put the Beast god presence into these seven blades, making them stronger. Over the hundred years…I’ve finally made some progress with these seven techniques. The new seven absolute blade techniques are much more powerful, even though they still aren’t as powerful as Xi Luo Duo’s creations.”

Luo Feng’s new blade techniques were very powerful. However, compared to Xi Luo Duo’s absolute manuals…Luo Feng only dared to call them mild progress.

Of course…

This mild progress was only in comparison to Xi Luo Duo. Who was he? He was the greatest being in history of the entire gold horn race, a true absolute power of the universe.

“Star eating plant.”

Luo Feng smiled and raised his hand, the undying plant swiftly shrank from all the caves of the fragment into a little plant that entered his shoulder.

“Let’s head out to test my blade!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed as he flew out.

…

He took a black disc ship and flew at sub light speed over fog island.

“Luo Feng, there’s a team by that mountain range, there are four undyings.”

“Too weak.” He stood in the control room and gazed at the vast Fog island. Fog engulfed the entire area, he could barely see the mountain ranges along with the statues that were scarred from the trillions of years of battle.

After awhile…

“Luo Feng, there is a team of six undyings 920 hundred million km away.”

“Just six? It’s still not enough. It’s best to get an official level undying, batting with one…” Luo Feng shook his head, “It’s been 100 years since I came to Fog island and yet I’ve never bumped into an official level undying.”

Babata’s voice resounded in the control room, “Fog Island is incredibly vast. There are only twelve known officials, how could it be so easy to bump into them?”

After awhile…

“This team is not bad, there are eight undyings.”

“Barely enough to test my blade, however let’s look for something stronger.” Luo Feng replied, “Babata, continue the search.”

After awhile…

“Wow, 990 million km away there are twelve undyings gathered together. Twelve undyings, Luo Feng, isn’t this too much?” Babata was hesitant, “You couldn’t even withstand the fight against eight of them back then, and you’ve never encountered so many before.

Even though you’ve improved a lot, this time…let’s look for ten undyings.”

“Twelve?” Luo Feng looked at the details on his arm quantum computer.

“Ah?”

Looking at the group of undyings, his eyes gleamed. These twelve undyings were split into three races. The Eternal dragon race, the Ka Wu race and the Starlight race.

The Eternal dragon race was a flesh and blood life form. They were about 6-8m tall, and were bloodthirsty and renowned. Its head was somewhat like an alligator, and it had four thick limbs and a scaled tail along with a black shell on its back.

Ka Wu race: This was a rock life form, which was 15-20m tall. From a glance, it looked like it was completely made of alloy, and it had all sorts of appearances. It could look like humans or demons, however it was mainly a rock life form.

Starlight race: They were an energy life form. It was a peculiar life form that could take all forms. It wasn’t affected by soul attacks. It was similar to the Mosha clansman…of course it didn’t have its heavenly cloning ability. However the moment it reached undying, the starlight clan became very powerful, and its energy crystal within would meld with its undying body. Because of its natural talent, it’s regeneration ability was incredible, even more so than the Qiu Shi race. It would probably take destroying its body hundreds of times to kill a normal undying from the starlight race.

These three were all on the bug clan side.

Amongst these twelve undyings, eight of them were from the Eternal dragon race, three from the Ka Wu and one from the Starlight.

“My blade… will be tested on them.” Luo Feng’s eyes burned with spirit.

“Yes!” Babata replied loudly.

Rumble!

The disc ship flew swiftly towards the mountain range.

…

About one hour later, the ship finally reached the mountain range. With Luo Feng’s scanning device…it was obvious that the team didn’t even detect him getting close to them. The twelve undyings still stayed gathered together, discussing battles, allies, law comprehension and so on.

“Star eating sector lord, hmph.” The 16m tall Ka Wu undying raged. “You are overestimating him, he only has such strength because of that undying plant life form. Without it, how many undyings can he kill? Compared to the twelve officials…he’s far from them!”

“Long Suo.” An eternal race undying said solemnly beside, “We all know his true strength is a lot lower than the officials. However even an official level undying would normally find it extremely hard to kill a normal undying alone. That Star eating sector lord however can rely on his plant to trap his target. In terms of threat level…the star eating sector lord is higher. But a hundred years ago, when he hadn’t even come to fog island, the undyings all moved in pairs and three’s Now however, they all move in fives or sixes, why is this? It’s all because of that star eating sector lord, will you not admit to that?”

“Hmph.”

Long Suo snorted angrily, “His luck is just good. If he meets a true official level undying, against their undying body and strong attacks, he will definitely die.”

Suddenly…

Rumble!

The side of the mountain immediately blew open with countless amounts of rubble flying about, almost like the entire sky was crashing down on them. Rubble flooded the palace, making the twelve undyings enraged. They all released their powerful law domains, be it fire, lightning etc…to knock away all the rocks, burning them or freezing them.

Once the dust settled, a silhouette appeared.

He was covered in a black armor from head to toe, and was wielding a six edged shield with a blade on his back. Pa! Pa! Pa! He slowly walked forward, and his boots smashing the rubble below. As he got closer, his silhouette became visible. He stared coldly at the twelve powerful undyings, and the twelve of them all saw his face clearly.

“Star eating sector lord!”

“Star eating sector lord!”

The twelve undyings all felt pressure, as his reputation was renowned, having spread all over Fog island. Which undying wouldn’t know of the star eating sector lord.

“Star eating sector lord.” The most beautiful of the twelve with colorful star like long hair and crystal like skin, a lady 6m tall from the starlight race looked at Luo Feng, “We don’t want to be your enemies, but with the twelve of us combined, we are not afraid of you too, please leave.”

“We wish you to leave.” One eternal dragon undying said hoarsely. Luo Feng stepped on the rubble. Looking at the messy palace, his gaze sweeping past the twelve of them as he smiled, “What a joke, wouldn’t soldiers from different camps fight the moment they meet. Yet, you are actually asking me to leave, haha…I’m here to kill you all. If you are afraid, just flee now.”

“Bastard.”

“Despicable human.”

“Would twelve undyings fear you?”

The twelve undyings were all angered. Undyings were all prideful creatures,they may bow before the strong warriors but that didn’t mean they would take humiliation.

“Cut the crap.” Luo Feng immediately grabbed his blade from his back.

Hua!

He drew it out of its scabbard.

The blade and the six edged shield were both weapons he ordered in primal chaos city. As his strength grew, the level 5 weapons would break easily in a fight with undyings. Hence, he ordered weapons made from materials used to make emperor level weapons, spending six million points.

“Other race warriors, die.” Luo Feng shouted.

“Savage human.”

“Star eating sector lord, the twelve of us don’t believe that we can’t kill you.”

“Kill.”

“Kill.”

The twelve undyings were raging. In an instant, six eternal dragon race members simultaneously unleashed their undying energy to use soul attacks. Weng! Six soul attacks instantly passed the soldier armor, its special material had already diffused over 99% of the attack, and the remainder hit his core within.

The inner pearl had a little sleeping Beast god that wrapped about it.

Rumble! The soul attacks hit directly on the Beast god.

Howl…the Beast god opened its eyes and roared. These ripples completely diffusing the attacks.

This was one of the four Xi Luo Duo absolute manuals, soul defense…Beast God Howl!


Chapter 784: Slash!

Back then, Luo Feng’s Void pagoda was used purely for defense, and it was considered passive defense. The Beast God Howl had formed a Beast god that defended the soul passively. It also allowed it to release an attack that could disperse all attacks, this was the active side. But it’s defensive abilities were shocking. It was obviously a lot more powerful than the void pagoda.

“The cave is collapsing!”

“The undyings are clashing.”

The large amount of eternal dragon sector lords, domain lords and universe levels all rushed out as fast as they could from the caves, becoming tens of thousands of lights. It looked almost like a meteor shower in space, after which they all stood in space and gazed millions of km away.

Rumble…

Rumble…

Terrifying energy ripples could be felt even millions of km away.

“Who would dare to attack twelve undyings at the same time?”

“No idea.”

“The ones capable of doing so in Fog Island would probably only be from the top 13 tyrants, and even those 13…any one of them against twelve undyings could probably survive, but he’d be disadvantaged too, no one is that stupid.”

“Who knows.”

“We can just watch, they are really going at it there. If we get hit by the ripples, we’d definitely die.”

The tens of thousands of soldiers were like a blur of locusts, floating in space and chatting, but not daring to head over.

…

A million km away.

At Luo Feng’s level, one dash of movement alone covered a distance of tens of thousands of km. Hence, for a planet like earth…it wasn’t suitable for an undying level battle! The moment they unleashed some strength, the entire planet would be destroyed. Only the universe secret regions or special places in space could be considered a good battle ground.

“Howl!…kill him, kill that arrogant and despicable human.” The sturdy Ka Wu undying wielded two large Hammers. He emanated a powerful lightning aura around him with lightning surrounding the area, this was a thunder undying!

“Soul attacks are useless, we’ll use our weapons to attack instead.” An eternal dragon undying emanated icy cold energy, the surrounding hundreds of km became like an ice god country.

“Suppress his world projection.”

“Together.”

The twelve undyings all released their law domains simultaneously. Their simultaneous release of the twelve law domains clashed against Luo Feng’s world projection. The vast grassland however pushed back their domains, this completely stunned the twelve undyings. They had long heard of his terrifying world projection, where normal undying law domains would instantly collapse. With the twelve of them working together however, they didn’t expect to only be able to withstand the pressure without collapsing but they were still unable to force him back.

“Rumble!” A large lightning hammer, was swung at Luo Feng, almost like an asteroid crashing down.

“Xiu!” A colorful beam of light slashed at Luo Feng.

“Hua!” A huge blade slashed through the space at Luo Feng.

…

Twelve undyings surrounding and attacking him.

“Haha!” Luo Feng’s eyes were glowing with spirit. Even though he was the smallest in size, with his world projection pressuring the twelve undyings, his basic movement has long exceeded the creator of the illusionary techniques. His shield was also filled with strength and his blade easily withstood the six combined attacks.

Clang!

Clang!

The surrounding space instantly crumbled. Luo Feng’s clash with the twelve undyings left the particles floating around madly. They began to fight amidst the shattered fragments of space, and some of the fragments even had some land and ground within them. However, these were instantly shattered from the ripples of the battle. He did have to admit though that the twelve undyings were working well together, unleashing their attacks in perfect combination against Luo Feng.

“Chi!” Luo Feng defended against eight undying’s combined attacks. His blade slashed through the space, as a blurred Beast god image appeared and dispersed again.

The soldier armor however wasn’t able to completely diffuse the attack.

Normally, any attack below the strength of 1,000 sector lords would completely be diffused, however the moment it exceeded that, the soldier armor would diffuse most of it. The eight undyings’ combined attacks had far exceeded that limit. Even if a small part of the attack got through, it was enough to shake Luo Feng hard enough to cause him to spit out blood.

“Luo Feng, battling twelve undyings is definitely above your limit.” Babata said nervously.

“Twelve undyings sure is hard. Haha, 10 years ago, I had to flee against eight undyings, yet now I’m able to match twelve undyings.” Luo Feng spit out blood. His gaze however was growing more excited, “However, it’s still far from my limits.”

“He’s injured.”

“Hurry and kill him.”

“Don’t give him the chance to recover.”

The twelve undyings roared and all of them rushed at him.

“I’ve tried the first six moves, let’s try the strongest one.” Luo Feng became a blur. Shua! Shua! Shua! Three Luo Feng’s appeared in space, they were exactly like the real body, moving nimbly about in an arc. This was the result of his many years of study in Primal chaos city.

According to the Linear Universe the primal chaos city left and Beast God Runs from Xi Luo Duo, along with the Strike travel from his inherited memories, his movement technique had made some progress that his earth body could use.

The moment he unleashed this movement, he instantly dodged the attacks of the eight undyings.

“Haha, let’s kill one.”

Luo Feng wielded his blood shadow blade and gazed at the huge human shaped Ka Wu undying, that sturdy undying waved his two lightning hammers…

Hua!

A beautifully terrifying flash of a blade that stretched over a 1,000 km flashed, along with it was a huge Beast god projection. The edge of the blade was almost like a howling beast god slashing with its claws! The entire Beast god projection was incredibly clear and visible, melding perfectly as one with the blade!

His strongest move of the seven new blade techniques was Burial! Even though all seven moves had been infused with the Beast god presence, Burial was still his strongest. Afterall he had spent the most time and effort on it.

Chi!

The blade instantly slashed at the huge thunder hammer, it slashed right through the metal and lopped off the Ka Wu undyings’ head. Following which, it went down the undying’s body down to his waist! Hua…his body was instantly slashed in two and during that instant, the blade began to swallow and vibrate. At the same time, countless blade energies shot out and tore through his insides, causing his body to be shredded from within, becoming countless rocks.

“Die.” Luo Feng tossed out a little gold plant that swiftly grew. Countless gold leaves extended out…it was the undying star eating plant that made all of the warriors on Fog island shudder in fear.

“Stop him.”

“Forget it.”

“Despicable.”

The other undyings didn’t expect that even under their combined attacks, the star eating sector lord was still able to use his terrifying movement to completely cause a powerful Ka Wu undying to be shredded apart, taking out his undying star eating plant to swallow his body fragments.

“No.”

“Stop him.” The other eleven undyings all gave it their all, madly pouring energy into their law domains and using their all to attack the undying plant. With a rumble, the powerful attack caused several gold leaves to break off and the plant began to back off.

The shredded rocks of the Ka Wu undying instantly reformed, it was obvious however he had lost quite a bit of energy.

The Ka Wu race was a rock life form. It used strength to win, and splitting its body was very hard. Similarly, it would lose a large amount of energy everytime it broke apart.

“Bastard.” The reformed Ka Wu undying howled with rage.

“Twelve of us combined and he still almost killed Long Suo. This is a disgrace to us, let’s work together. Give your all, I’ll stop him and you all kill him.” The starlight race undying communicated. A transparent thread shot out from between her eyes, it instantly grew longer.

It rushed straight at Luo Feng.

“Starlight Life thread!” Luo Feng was shocked from the attack. He had inherited memories and thus understood much about the starlight race.

The starlight men and women were all extremely beautiful. They were born with the ability to form a thread from their life core crystal, and the moment they used this…their core crystal would instantly crumble. Hence this was their final move. The moment one became undying…their core crystal would dissipate and meld with the body.

When this happened, they wouldn’t die even after using this move. It would still heavily damage them however, requiring thousands to tens of thousands of years to recover.

Chi chi…the transparent thread bent and tried to wrap about Luo Feng.

“Take the chance to kill him.”

“It’s our last chance.”

“Kill him, he definitely has a lot of treasures.” The other eleven undyings raged in madness, even burning some of their undying bodies.

Against the Starlight life thread, Luo Feng’s world projection was unable to force it back. Its speed was extremely fast, already reaching close to him. He shouted, “Star eating plant!”

Rumble!

The star eating plant swelled with countless gold leaves extending out. The starlight life thread was incredibly thin as it followed through the slits of the plant to attack Luo Feng. However, he used the countless gold leaves to try and stop the thread as the other twelve undyings including the starlight undying rushed to attack the undying plant.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Large amounts of leaves were destroyed and the undying plant was forced to shrink.

“Blood river energy.” Luo Feng triggered his blood river energy and his connection with the universe ripples became even clearer.

“Strike travel!” Luo Feng became a blur as he flashed about, his blood shadow blade lit up again and his blade produced a beast god projection.

“Come on, let’s do it.”

Luo Feng used the star eating plant to block the starlight life thread and used his body with the blood river energy triggered to fight the twelve undyings. This intense battle was a great test for his new blade techniques.


Chapter 785: Deserve To Die Even More

When the battle first began, Luo Feng was still testing out the power of each of his new blade techniques. Hence, he never once unleashed his strongest Strike Travel movement. Thus it seemed like he was forced into a corner by the twelve undyings. However, that environment allowed him to maximize the usage of his blade work to fight back.

Once he unleashed his Strike travel, he easily destroyed the Ka Wu undying.

“Blood river energy! Strike travel movement!” Luo Feng didn’t wish to drag the battle on any longer!

Shua! Shua! Shua!

His image warped as three incredibly realistic images appeared beside him. It caused the twelve undyings to get shocked as the difficulty of surrounding grew. They began to get knocked away from Luo Feng’s attacks and being forced to attack individually.

Chi!

The blood shadow blade pierced forward and a huge cavity appeared in the space. Countless fragments flowed madly as he pierced straight at the beautiful starlight undying’s forehead.

“Dutchman’s pipe.” Luo feng’s blade was like lightning.

He flashed forward.

One eternal dragon undying was instantly sliced in half.

…

Dutchman’s Pipe! Pensive! Nightmare! Reflection! Burial! Hatred! World’s End!

He exchanged between the seven techniques. Even though they were helping each other, combined with his exquisite movement and the help of the blood river energy…he managed to fight back against all twelve of the undyings, and was even able to slash one of them apart while they were still being covered by the rest of them.. They were beginning to fall apart.

It was very obvious…they were losing and were being suppressed.

“Not good, the starlight life thread is broken.” The starlight undying communicated urgently. The life thread wasn’t supposed to appear for too long in the first place.

“Star eating plant.” Luo Feng smiled widely.

The undying plant madly expanded and spread over 100,000 km, countless leaves twitched about like teeth and wrapped around the undyings. The twelve of them roared and madly attacked the undying plant, making it shrink back once again.

However as they were distracted with attacking the undying plant, the disadvantaged undyings…naturally welcomed their 1st tragedy.

Rumble! Rumble! Two eternal dragon undyings were instantly torn to shreds by Luo Feng, their torn fragments were immediately swallowed by the star eating plant.

His blade flashed past brutally!

As the two eternal dragons were torn apart the scene immediately caused the other undyings to try and stop Luo Feng. They were very clear that if they focused on the plant, they would slowly lose more and more and finally fall. The moment some of them were heavily injured, they wouldn’t even be able to hold back the star eating plant anymore and it would swallow all of them.

“Let’s go.”

“Quickly flee, disperse.”

The undyings knew that the battle would get worse for them as it dragged on, they barely saved one of the eternal dragon undyings before fleeing immediately.

“Chi chi chi…” The undying plant was already swallowing one undying.

“Flee?”

Luo Feng glanced as the eleven undyings fled in eleven different directions, he had no choice but to pick one.

“Forget it, I’ll chase you.” Luo Feng waved at the star eating plant and simultaneously unleashed his Strike travel. Within three flashes, his speed reached sub light speed and rushed at the unlucky undying…the sturdy Ka Ww undying, the 1st one that he actually slashed in half.

“Why me?” The Ka Wu undying Long Suo was angry and worried.

“Stop there.”

Luo Feng expanded his world projection, what projection was this? An internal world projection…it was a projection of his internal world outside. Normal sector lords could expand their projection up to about 10,000 km. Luo Feng’s projection, at its greatest limit was however…able to reach 90 million km. However if he did so…it would be like broadcasting to everybody my internal world has a diameter of 90 million km.

Hence he would never do so.

After all…the Ka Wu undying he was facing was only a few hundred thousand km away from him.

“Stop there.” Luo Feng unleashed his world projection.

It instantly engulfed the Ka Wu undying Long Suo.

“World projection?” Long Suo was surprised. He felt the powerful force around him. He could still fly but his speed had a definite decrease, the star eating plant swiftly caught up from behind.

Hua…

the undying plant once again bloomed with countless gold leaves covering the entire area, naturally it engulfed Long Suo too. With countless teeth surrounding him, it made him madly flail his thunder hammers about. Rumble! The leaves withstood each attack.

Sou! The gold leaves automatically opened a path and Luo Feng entered, appearing before the tall and sturdy Ka Wu undying.

“Human.” Long Suo was shocked and angry, but he knew it was over.

“You cannot kill me, you cannot kill me.” The Ka Wu undying let out sounds of worry and pain, causing the surrounding space to shake.

“I cannot kill you?” Luo Feng smiled coldly. “Ah, give me a reason, are you a disciple or relative of some Ka Wu knight? Would I be punished if I killed you? Doesn’t seem right…if you had some background, you couldn’t possibly not have any treasure at all.”

“I, I…”

Long Suo howled urgently, “The official level undying, the one you call Boulder, is my senior!”

“Ah, Boulder of the twelve officials, he is your senior?” Luo Feng scoffed. Indeed, there was a renowned Ka Wu official undying named Boulder.

“Very good.”

“Very very good.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Long Suo’s eyes had some hope. Even though he was incredibly huge and this human before him was but a dot, he was clear that this little dot had enough power to kill him easily.

“Then you deserve to die even more.” Luo Feng flashed and his blood shadow blade slashed through space, leaving a huge tear in space.

Howl…

The Beast god projection appeared, its claws seemed to meld perfectly with the blade as it passed Long Suo, causing him to howl in despair. As the blade reached him, he wanted to self destruct but his body was instantly reduced to shreds before it could happen. His self destruct naturally failed as countless gold leaves swiftly swallowed the countless rock fragments.

…

There was an ancient palace in the burning deserts of Fog island, no one knew when it was actually built.

A majestic 12m tall Ka Wu undying was sitting in the throne. He was one of the twelve officials of Fog island, Fen Ya, also known by the human undyings as Boulder. On Fog island, he was one of the strongest. He suddenly received a distress signal from his little brother Long Suo.

“Long Suo!”

This Ka Wu undying stood up abruptly.

However, immediately after he received a message, “It’s the star eating sector lord, avenge me!!!” After which, there was no more signal no matter how he tried to contact him.

“Long Suo is dead.” Fen Ya’s eyes were enraged.

“Star eating sector lord, Star eating sector lord.”

“Human, I want you dead, I want you dead!!!” He howled, and it resounded throughout the entire palace.

He was furious!

Even though they weren’t blood brothers, they both came from the same tribe and only one other Ka Wu clansman from the same generation had become undying with him, that was Long Suo. Hence the two of them naturally explored together and they both received orders from the upper race…reach the distant bug clan territory and enter the outer region wars.

On Fog island.

Fen Ya was invincible, Long suo followed closely behind him. Hence, Fen Ya let Long Suo join up with his other teams.

“Star eating sector lord!” Fen Ya grit his teeth.

Undying star eating plant?

It may strike fear in the generals, however a hundred vine undying star eating plant didn’t even bother a true official level undying.

“You should die! You WILL die!” He howled, suddenly his eyes gleamed. “Spirit imprint? That’s mine! I gave an item to Long Suo and now that he’s dead, would that human actually take it with him? If he dared to…he’s really looking to die.”

He immediately sensed for his spirit imprint.

Sou!

He rushed into the skies and tore through thousands of km of the desert, after which he swiftly took a ship to head towards where he felt the imprint was.

After swallowing the undying, the undying star eating plant shrank and entered Luo Feng’s arm.

“Special item?” Luo Feng carried the two world rings, the Ka Wu undying’s special item was within one of them.

“Luo Feng, he said that his senior was the official Boulder, and Boulder is on Fog island. It’s most likely that Boulder left him a spirit imprint item so that he could come help at any time. This item would very likely be within this bunch of stuff.” Babata said.

Luo Feng flipped his hand and kept both world rings.

“Having it is good.”

Luo Feng smiled, “This Ka Wu undying’s senior is Boulder? I’ve spent 100 years year on Fog island and have yet to meet an official level undying. Now that I have the chance, I’ll use it to draw an official to me…this is a good thing. I really want to see the difference between my earth body and an official’s. I also want to see…whether my gold horned beast can kill an official.”

“I’ll look for a random place.”

“And wait for half a month, and at most one month.”

“If Boulder doesn’t show, I’ll return.” Luo Feng said.

Sou!

With a flash, he flew tens of millions of km, looking for a cave. He entered and began to reflect on the battle before, the battle had given him much inspiration and honed his new seven blade techniques. Afterall, these seven blade techniques would continue to improve as his comprehension grew.

“Strike Travel is afterall something the golden horned beast uses with its wings. ”

“Even though I’ve learnt it, the human body doesn’t do it half as well as the golden horned beast.”

“I have to continue to refine it.”

“To suit the human body’s usage.” Luo Feng muttered to himself.

…

Time passed and Luo Feng refined his techniques over and over within the cave. At this time, the official level undying Fen Ya was drawing closer and closer using his ship.


Chapter 786: Battle On the Lake

Within the quiet cave, fog engulfed the area.

Luo Feng sat crossed legged. His consciousness was already connected to the virtual universe and he was studying his blade techniques in his own training grounds.

Wielding the blood shadow blade, he stood on a vast land and unleashed his blade work over and over, as countless sector lord pinnacle warriors rushed from the sides, madly trying to kill him.

Dutchman’s pipe! Pensive! Nightmare! Illusion! Burial! Hatred! World’s end!

The blade flashed!

Tearing through space!

The many sector lord warriors were killed and the massacre was ongoing.

“This is not right.”

“It doesn’t feel right.” Luo Feng waved his hand and roared! “Stop!” the countless sector lords rushing over all stopped. This was after all a simulation in the virtual universe.

He walked to the stopped sector lords and frowned as he pondered, “When I battled the twelve undyings before, I always felt that my blade work was still lacking. Also it has not reached my current level of law comprehension limit.”

With a thought, he brandished the Beast god Armament shield.

“The first form of the armament…Beast god Descends.” Luo Feng unleashed it and the 999 metal flakes instantly shot out of the shield, connecting with the virtual universe simulated laws, countless gold threads interweaved between them, forming a huge Beast god projection. It’s pressure was engulfing the area.

“This is a true perfect technique.”

Luo Feng looked up at the powerful Beast god projection! Even though it was just the first form…with just 999 metal flakes forming the technique, it was perfect and the Beast god projection had its own pressure!

Perfection!

“When I use my blade work, it naturally melds with the Beast god projection, yet it doesn’t have any of the pressure.” Luo Feng shook his head. “Maybe compared to my teacher Hu Yan Bo, the techniques I created are already very powerful. However, compared to Xi Luo Duo, these are still too raw. How can I improve and breakthrough?”

Luo Feng stood there silently.

Under the gaze of countless sector lords, he looked up at the floating Beast god projection.

“Breakthrough.”

“How do I do it?”

“My golden horned beast is proficient in close combat. Can it only rely on that one crude sky tearing claw? Is there no absolute technique like Xi Luo Duo’s Beast god armament?” Luo Feng gazed at the projection in the sky, trying to feel it thoroughly. Yet, it always seemed like a fog was clouding his view.

…

Time passed.

He pondered hard on how to refine his techniques and the beast’s battle techniques. Actually, the golden horned beast’s techniques were connected to his blade techniques, they were all considered close combat techniques! One relied on the beast’s body itself and another on the blade, and the blade was considered an extension of one’s body.

Naturally the two were linked.

However, everything had to be created by himself. During the past 100 years, he did make some progress with his blade work. However, when battle truly ensued, he always felt…his blade work still wasn’t perfect enough, it wasn’t capable of unleashing the strongest power of the Beast god presence.

“The moment it’s perfected…”

“My blade pressure will exceed the Beast god armament, because I’m creating something that fits myself. As for the beast god armament, it only fit Xi Luo Duo.”

Luo Feng had occasionally gone hunting over the past 100 years. 99% of the time, he still spent time studying the Beast god path and blade work along with battle techniques. Now…Luo Feng was immersed in this state.

In the blink of an eye, twelve days had passed.

Rumble!

A 600m tall pyramid ship tore through the skies and flew. Within that ship.

“Star eating Sector lord. Star eating Sector lord.” The Ka Wu undying Fen Ya who was sitting in the alloy chair was burning with rage. Beside him were polygon shaped hammers, it was clear…that he used the same types of weapons as the fallen Long Suo.

“He hasn’t moved at all.”

“The position of the item hasn’t moved at all.” He said solemnly. “Does he know of Long Suo’s connection with me? Is he afraid of my revenge, hence he tossed it there when he found the item?”

If Luo Feng truly wanted to flee within the vast Fog Island, how could Fen Ya even begin to search for him?

What’s more, if Luo feng simply moved on to the main Yan Ji continent, Fen Ya would have no way to look for him at all.

“No.”

“No, he must be there, he must be.” Fen Ya was worried and anxious within. He truly wanted to kill that despicable human and avenge his brother. He was afraid that the human would have tossed the item there and left. Then the chances of revenge would be extremely slim.

The distance shrank.

“He must be there.” Fen Ya gazed forward. Even with 100% simulation he could only see the distant fog.

…

“Luo Feng, we’ve discovered a dangerous target.”

“He’s flying alone in an automaton ship and is heading towards us. After scanning his appearance, it seems like he’s from the Ka Wu race! Undyings mostly move together on Fog island. But, for him to move alone, plus the fact that you killed the Ka Wu undying before… there’s a 90% chance that this target is Boulder of the twelve officials.”

Babata reported to Luo Feng.

“Ah?”

Luo Feng, who sat crossed legged enshrouded in fog opened his eyes, “He’s finally come?”

“It’ll take another hour for him to arrive.” Babata said.

“I’ve waited so long for him to finally come. Since my arrival on Fog island 100 years ago, I’ve yet to fight with an official level undying.” Luo Feng nodded. “I have some questions to solve about my blade work and the golden horned beast’s battle techniques. Maybe this will be a good chance to clarify everything.”

Sou!

He instantly flew out of the cave and flew along the walls of the mountain, quickly reaching a quiet spot in the mountain range. There was a huge lake here, this lake on the peak had a diameter of tens of thousands of km. It was simply unimaginable on earth, however it was normal here on Fog island.

“Water.” Luo Feng sat by the lake, feeling the cold air around him. He extended his hand to pick up some water flowers.

The bone chilling cold instantly reached his entire body and he felt the chill, but of course this was something he could easily withstand. “So cold.”

“But it feels good.” He sat there and smiled, playing with the water.

After awhile…

Rumble!

The pyramid swiftly tore through the skies and swiftly stopped in the air above the lake. Its high speed caused shockwaves that blew away the sand and rubble around, however the incredibly heavy and ice cold lake simply rippled.

Hua! A fiery red armored 12m tall Ka Wu undying stepped out of the door, and the pyramid vanishing beside him. He stood in the air above the lake, a formless pressure expanding throughout as the air around his body burned in flames that spread and covered over 10,000 km in area.

“Weng!” Luo Feng sat there playing with the water, expanding his world projection too.

It clashed hard with the fire law domain, as his body was unaffected.

“Grrrrr…” The icy cold water suddenly began to bubble. This lake that was over a hundred times larger than all the seas of earth combined began to boil.

“So boring.”

Luo Feng stood up.

Rumble!

He expanded his world projection and pushed back the fire law domain. The powerful projection completely suppressed the fire domain, and it was clear to see that the law domain was about to crumble.

“Hmph!” The official undying Fen Ya standing over the lake snorted angrily. The seemingly normal fire domain suddenly began to change from within, almost like a group of straggling soldiers suddenly gaining order and discipline, causing the entire domain to gain more stability.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The world projection clashed over and over against the fire law domain. Even though Luo Feng was still more powerful, it was unable to completely suppress the enemy.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked shocked at the fire domain. This was the first time someone was able to withstand his world projection alone.

“According to what teacher said, one can put both space and time laws into their law domains. However, those undyings would at least have to have the comprehension of the Nine universe tablet’s fourth picture.” Luo Feng frowned. “Law domain, it’s a gift of the universe laws itself. Natural law energies, when pressured, they are like straggling soldiers. However the moment space laws are infused within, they become much stronger. Official level undyings…they are indeed much stronger than the normal generals.”

“You are the star eating sector lord!”

A thick booming voice spoke with human language.

Luo Feng looked up at him, “You are Boulder?”

“Haha…it’s really you.” Fen Ya’s voice rumbled. “My guess was right, you knew long ago I would be coming.”

“Right.” Luo Feng nodded.

“You’ve got guts.” Fen Ya said seriously. “You killed my tribe brother and guessed I would be coming, yet you dared to stay with the item I gave him. Should I thank you, or laugh at your stupidity? Hmph… you’ve made me use effort to come and search for you, I’ll make your death thrilling.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng flipped his hand and brandished his blood shadow blade as well as the six edged shield.

A shield and a blade.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Both of their world projection and law domain clashed again. Even though Luo Feng’s projection had the advantage, it didn’t affect the battle too much.

“I’ve waited here for twelve days just for you. You sure are slow, I hope you don’t disappoint me.” A black armor appeared over Luo Feng’s entire body. This battle would be the first time he got to truly fight against an official level undying, he couldn’t help but itch in anticipation.

“I won’t disappoint you.” Fen Ya gazed down at the tiny dot, both hands wielding green hammers, the surrounding areas were burning in glaring flames.

Fog islands’ thirteen tyrants.

Star eating sector lord against Boulder, the two of them clashed.

“Strike travel!” Luo Feng’s eyes suddenly gleamed as he flashed, instantly leaving three winding orbits. It was almost like lightning as his speed reached a terrifying level, a glaring light simultaneously lit up with his blade.

“Go and die!” Fen Ya roared too.

The battle began instantly!


Chapter 787: Peculiar Beast

The burning hammer waved about and broke through the space itself. In front of the official level undying Fen Ya, the space itself was too brittle. Hence, the huge hammer…rushed straight at Luo Feng through the countless space fragments.

A resplendent blade flashed.

As it flashed, a huge tear in space occurred.

“I want to see just how strong an official level undying is.” Luo Feng wielded his blood shadow blade and clashed head on with the hammer.

Rumble!

The space fragments warped as the powerful force of the shockwave rippled to tens of thousands of km, dispersing all the boiling water up. It seemed like a giant was moving the lake itself.

“Hahaha…” Fen Ya laughed as he stepped through, every step closing in tens of thousands of km, as he swung another fiery hammer.

Luo feng however was knocked hundreds of thousands km away from the clash earlier. His body had gone numb from the shock, and his internal organs were damaged as he spit out blood, after which he flashed and stood far at the tip of the mountain. He was gazing down at Fen Ya who was rushing at him.

“What a terrifying force, I could withstand eight generals at the same time without being so fatigued.” Luo Feng gazed down at the fiery giant rushing at him. “The inherited memories were right, the Ka Wu body advantage is indeed huge. This Fen Ya’s law comprehension is only around a basic official level, but his body is already at a high official level. As for that hammer…I cannot withstand it.”

Fen Ya took large strides to come over.

“Human!” Fen Ya’s voice pierced through the space. “To be able to survive my attack at sector lord level, I respect you. But, it’s a pity that I have to kill you, time to die.”

“Idiot.” Luo Feng snorted coldly.

Shua!

He unleashed his Strike travel movement. He simply wanted to test his opponent’s strength earlier, now that he had a grasp of their strengths, he naturally wouldn’t go clash head on again. This Fen Ya was obviously weaker in technique, but his undying body was incredibly strong.

Three blurry silhouettes flashed and Luo Feng appeared suddenly behind Fen Ya.

“Dutchman’s pipe!”

His blade flashed, it was beautiful and terrifying.

“Hmph.” Fen Ya used the hammer in his right hand and swung it around. The space around it crumbled, it was almost like a road roller going past a little path.

Shua! Shua! Shua! The three silhouettes flashed and Luo Feng appeared at his other side.

Another flash and he appeared in front of Fen Ya.

Another flash and he was behind him!

Chi!

Amidst his mad movement, the blood shadow blade broke through the defense of the hammer, slashing at Fen Ya’s side. Chi chi chi…the blade seemed to cut at the incredibly solid material, but only cutting about half a meter deep in, which was not even a fifth of his hip. There, the blade got stuck and was unable to go deeper.

“What a solid body.”

“His strength alone is ridiculous, his body is also super solid.” Luo Feng’s expression changed.

Normally, flesh and blood life forms that were able to unleash the same amount of power would naturally still be weaker in terms of how sturdy their body was compared to the rock life forms. And these flesh and blood life forms normally had scales, muscles and so on for defense, the moment it reached past that, the body was soft and weak. The rock life forms however were completely different.

They were naturally adept at defense.

Much less Fen Ya.

In terms of strength, he was at a high official level, however in terms of body sturdiness, he was at least seven to eight times stronger than that of a high official.

“Haha…” Fen Ya looked at Luo Feng and swung his hammer at Luo feng’s head.

Shua! Luo Feng swiftly retreated!

Clang!

While he retreated he used his blade to defend against the heavy hammer. Luckily he was fast enough, allowing only 30% of the hammer force to go through. Even with just that, Luo Feng felt his blood boil within but didn’t have to spit any blood out.

“Star eating sector lord, you are incredibly fast.” Fen Ya took a stride over and continued to attack.

“Speed is an advantage too.” Luo Feng snorted coldly.

He flashed again!

In an instant…the entire mountain range was going through a disaster. As the two of them passed by, countless amounts of rubble broke apart and the peak collapsed, the universe space crumbling over and over.

Both of them had completely different styles.

Fen Ya was strong and sturdy, his body was a stone fortress, however his law comprehension was weaker and his nimbleness and flexibility were weaker than Luo Feng’s.

Luo Feng relied on the soldier armor to raise his strength to roughly an official’s level. However, with his close to emperor level Beast god presence and with his strike travel, he could suppress his enemies. In terms of speed and flexibility…Fen Ya could never catch up to him.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Luo Feng flashed over and over, appearing at different spots and unleashing his cold blade attacks against Fen Ya.

“Fighting with a strong warrior sure is different.” Under the barrage of heavy fiery hammers over and over, Luo Feng’s movement and blade work were both pushed to their limits. As the enemy pressured him, he once again unleashed his strongest moves, slowly refining them further during the battle.

As time passed.

Luo Feng was initially forced to block some attacks and take some hits. However as his movement got more and more refined and he grew more accustomed to how to deal with the attacks, he began to use his blade to affect the flow of the hammers themselves while he dodged.

Fen Ya was no longer able to attack him!

“Arghhhhh…” Fen Ya stood on the mountain rage and roared loudly, it was obvious that he was frustrated.

When Luo Feng slashed at him, he didn’t even block.

He immediately used his hammer to attack Luo Feng!

“Human, go and die.” Fen Ya howled enraged.

He no longer cared about Luo Feng’s blade and attacks. His eyes were fixed on Luo Feng alone as he swung his heavy hammer, his two huge arms were waving about. It almost felt like attacks were coming in from all directions! Luo Feng realized that the situation had worsened…when he attacked before, Fen Ya would do his best to defend with his hammers.

With attack and defense, the pressure on Luo Feng wasn’t too huge.

Now however!

Fen Ya had lost it, he no longer cared about the attacks, and he focused solely on offense as he swung the two fiery hammers at Luo Feng.

Attack! All out attack!

Luo Feng felt like the skies were crashing down on him with the two fiery hammers that were at least a few times bigger than him.

Rumble! He accidently got hit.

He was instantly knocked tens of thousands of km away, smashing into the mountain, creating a hole in it. Luo Feng rushed out quickly.

Rumble! Countless hammer images madly poured down as Luo Feng was knocked back again.

Fresh blood spewed out.

Knocked over and over!

Over and over!

Luo Feng was like a tragic suicide scene. For him to attack Fen Ya, he’d have to get close to him and when he got close, he would naturally be attacked by the two fiery hammers. Fen Ya didn’t even care about being attacked, he simply just swung his hammers madly.

Unless Luo Feng chose to retreat, he would simply just become a target.

Even with his fast movement, against the lightning fast mad hammers, he’d avoid them seven to eight times but would eventually still get hit once in awhile.

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi!

“Damn.”

Luo Feng’s body was numb.

He lay on the mountain peak, spitting out fresh blood.

“I can’t fight anymore. Fen Ya’s body is too sturdy, it’s like a F grade metal. Even if it isn’t at F9 grade, it’s still at least at F3 grade…my blade cannot slash through and he doesn’t even need to care about my attacks. He only needs to hit me.” Luo Feng smiled and shook his head. The fiery giant took large stride past the space and appeared before him.

“Human!” Fen Ya roared, he was shocked as he saw Luo feng simply lying there, had he given up?

Howl!

A terrifying howl resounded from the mountain range. The formless pressure spread past the surrounding hundred thousand km. Even the fiery stone giant changed his expression, quickly turning to the side, he saw an incredibly huge silhouette rise gradually from the mountain.

It was over 100km in length, and its body was covered in silver scales, which were filled with beauty.

Silver scales, with four silver strong limbs, along with a silver scaled tail, and an incredibly glaring pair of huge scaled wings, This was a completely silver coloured peculiar beast, which had dark gold eyes and a peculiar silver crown on its head.

The crown, its four limbs, scaled tail and huge scaled wings.

In terms of body.

These together made the golden horned beast look bigger than it was.

The powerful pressure spread throughout, even the official Fen Ya felt fear within.

“What’s this? What life form is this? In terms of size, it should be a space beast. The demon race isn’t that big.” The flaming giant looked at the sudden appearance of the beast and was completely shocked. He saw the very calm human on the mountain peak beside him. “This human has the strength to match an official undying, he’s definitely a genius of humanity. This mysterious beast…is this his tamed beast? His soul slave? Or…it’s a guardian arranged from his teacher? It’s very likely that his teacher is some huge being that arranged a guardian for him. Simply relying on his own power shouldn’t be enough to tame such a terrifying being.”

The sudden appearance of the silver beast made Fen Ya completely ignore Luo Feng.

Fen Ya felt pressure!

To the point…where he didn’t even know what beast this was? Completely silver scaled? Such terrifying pressure? It seemed unlike any of the twelve pinnacle bloodlines of the space beasts.

“Howl…” The beast howled again, it’s dark gold eyes were staring at Fen Ya.

It unleashed its killing intent.

Luo Feng stood on the peak beside, gazing at Fen Ya and muttering to himself, “I don’t believe that if I unleash Beast God transformation, Deities of the World, Blood river energy, combined with the General armor and mysterious Sha Wu wings…I don’t believe that this rock giant can take a fully unleashed golden horned beast!”


Chapter 788: Luo Feng’s Problem

“Terrifying, this beast is much more powerful than the star eating sector lord.” The Ka Wu undying Fen Ya was covered in flames as he stood in space. Wielding the two huge hammers and staring at the mountain like silver beast, his countless years of battle experience made him naturally fear this beast before him.

“Howl…” The silver beast let out a howl, its huge silver wings beginning to flap.

Hu!

As fast as teleportation, it instantly passed over 10,000 km in distance and appeared before Fen Ya, after which it slashed forward, the space was like tofu before it.

“So fast, faster than any opponent I’ve met before, even faster than the emperor I met before!” Fen Ya was in distress. He was clear that the speed was his weakness, against this huge powerful claw…he could only grit his teeth and defend against it with his hammers!

Rumble!

The space around them crumbled…

The two fire hammers clashed with the claw and the over 10km thick limbs of the beast slashed through as easily as stepping on an ant. It slashed past the two hammers at the official undying’s body, the blade like slashes of the claw went through everything.

The two hammers were knocked far away and Fen Ya was completely torn apart, his powerful body had no resistance against the beast’s claws whatsoever.

“Howl…”

Immediately after slashing Fen Ya, the silver beast changed from slashing to slamming, pressing down fast on his broken body!

Weng…

Fen Ya was smashed into little pieces.

The powerful official level undying was reduced to powder from a simple slash and slam from the silver beast. However, the powder instantly regained his human form. He looked on with fear at the beast, “Emperor level, emperor level strength.”

“Fog island actually has an emperor.”

“This beast is actually an emperor.” Fen Ya was afraid now. While exchanging blows he could feel it, emperors were incredibly rare and the chances of bumping into one was simply too low.

Luo Feng stood on the distant mountain peak and frowned, “His energy didn’t decrease at all, he was already reduced to powder earlier, yet it had no effect on his strength! Undying body is indeed an undying body. Even though the golden horned beast isn’t strong now, it’s still around the level of an emperor level.”

The silver beast was the golden horned beast.

It was the beast in its strongest form.

The beast was supposed to have five black horns filled with complex gold engravings about it. However, after melding with the general armor, it could take on any form…Luo Feng purposely made the five horns into a crown like look on its head, and as Beast God transformation had some effect on the beast’s body too, after the fusion of the Sha Wu wings.

Hence, it was hard to tell that it was a golden horned beast.

Unleashing Beast god Transformation!

It’s four limbs grew thicker, and its tail was longer, as it became more like the structure of the beast god.

…

After The golden horned beast’s transformation, blood river energy, nameless manual’s first level, it made it 330 times stronger than a human sector lord.

Using the amplification techniques like Beast god Transformation, Deities of the world and its ability Strengthen.

Deities of the world amplified it seven and a half times.

Beast god transformation’s first level was simply two times. However, these two were simply body amplification, they would contradict each other. Just like how Deities of the world could reach thirty six times and beast god transformation could reach sixty four However, the two didn’t fully add on to each other, simply reaching eighty times was already not bad.

Hence these two techniques added together currently only had an overall effect of about ten times.

Combined with Strengthen.

This natural ability had no conflict with anything, it completely added on to anything.

Hence, The beast could reach twenty times the max strength just from these techniques.

It’s body itself was 330 times.

With everything combined…

6,600 times the sector lord strength!

Finally, with the general armor’s 10,000 times sector lord strength! It’s final strength was 16,600 times! It was already in the emperor level. It couldn’t be helped, Luo Feng’s current law comprehension was weaker, even with the fusion laws…it was just about emperor level.

It’s entire strength was that of a low emperor level.

Of course with Fen Ya that was two to three times weaker in body structure and comprehension that was much much weaker, it was easy to defeat him.

After he reformed from powder, his world ring and hammers flew to his hand and he looked with fear and rage, “I have to flee, otherwise I’ll be killed. This Fog island…actually has an emperor, this is seriously bullying.”

Sou!

He turned and fled, keeping his weapons in his world ring. He was clear that with or without them, there was no difference against that beast, it would instead affect his speed.

“Flee?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed coldly at the peak. “I let you reform earlier, let’s see how you do so again.”

“Star eating.”

Luo Feng tossed.

Sou!

A gold light flew swiftly at Fen Ya, it was the golden star eating plant.

Simultaneously, the terrifying pressure from the golden horned beast rushed down from above, with a flap of the Sha Wu wings and the first level of Strike travel, it easily reached above Fen Ya, making him look on with despair.

“Emperor undying, why have you come here.” Fen Ya howled with despair.

Right.

Fen Ya hadn’t even realized up till now that this beast was actually a sector lord. Luo Feng had discovered this when he first began to meld the Sha Wu wings…the wings were a true treasure. Even the primal chaos city leader, that level of being recognized it as a treasure, enough to make knights go crazy for.

Back then…

After Luo Feng acquired them, he melded it for the first time with the golden horned beast, he felt that the wings were simply too heavy and tiring to use. As time passed, it was just like the Luo Fu Qi board, it gradually became one with the body of the beast, almost just like another part of its body.

After fully melding, the beast’s body naturally gave off an aura. This energy…was from the Sha Wu wings and it released it from the body of the beast. Even though it only released a little of it, it was enough to shock any official level undying.

With the fusion of the wings…

There was no way to sense the beast’s true strength.

“True Yan emperor had said that Yan Zhu emperor had a special treasure that even knights craved for. The moment it was activated… it would be extremely powerful.” Luo Feng had exclaimed back then. “However, I now have this Sha wu wings, it’s enough to make the knights go crazy for. Just the pressure I release from it…is just like the pressure an emperor undying releases.”

…

Rumble…

Another slash!

The poor Ka Wu undying fleeing hard was instantly reduced to powder, as they regained its form, the beast slashed once again!

Three continuous slashes!

Fen Ya kept reforming, and even after a total of three times, his strength was unaffected. This was an undying body!

Rumble…the fourth time he became powder.

The gold star eating plant madly grew, its speed was naturally not like the golden horned beast. It only managed to catch up after the fourth time Fen Ya was destroyed, countless gold leaves began to swallow the powder.

Chi chi…the powder dispersed from the leaves and vanished.

The undying plant actually didn’t manage to swallow any of the powder.

“Hu.” The countless powders reformed in to Fen ya again!

“What’s he using the undying plant for, looks like this star eating sector lord hasn’t fought with an official before, doesn’t he know… that to kill one, he has to either destroy the soul or forcefully annihilate me?” Fen Ya looked on curiously at the distant Luo Feng, turning to flee again.

Rumble!

Another slash and slam, he became powder again and reformed.

“This emperor beast is another thing, why does it keep attacking me like that?” Fen Ya was growing more suspicious, “Even though it’s emperor level, it’s barely an emperor. Does it think it can kill me without any consequences at all?”

Fen Ya fled again!

The beast slashed again!

…

Luo Feng frowned on the distant peak, “It’s like what I read before, killing an undying with an undying body sure is hard.”

Luo Feng’s status was very high, naturally he had read up on this information before.

With his methods, he was naturally unable to destroy his soul, he could only forcefully annihilate him.

And that was extremely tough!

It relied on absolute strength to pressure the enemy and destroy his undying energy! As long as his undying energy was destroyed…the enemy would die.

There were two ways to forcefully annihilating the enemy.

The first was when the difference in strength was huge, like the primal chaos city leader or knights, they could easily kill an official level undying without any consequences. When the difference was that huge…destroying an undying body was easy.

The second was for when the difference wasn’t that huge, a low level emperor killing a high level official…even though one can keep destroying his body, the enemy can keep reforming it. One would have to pay some price to kill the enemy then, that was to burn some of his own undying energy, burning some of one’s own soul. And this was an eternal loss!

A low level emperor burning some of his undying energy would have an instant increase in strength, enough to reach a pinnacle emperor…naturally he would be able to kill an official.

Annihilating a high official! Even a low level emperor would have to recover for a hundred to thousand years to get this done.

Of course…

For a high level emperor to kill a high level official, even without burning undying energy, using normal attacks while burning some undying energy could achieve the same effect, and the recovery would only take a few years.

If it was an emperor pinnacle, then one could easily kill Fen Ya.

…

This was forcefully annihilating!

It relied on a definite gap in strength. If the gap wasn’t huge, one would have to rely on burning undying energy.

“Barely an emperor and he wishes to kill me without any consequences?” Fen Ya felt the dilemma too.

“How can I kill him?” Luo Feng frowned. “Destroying his body over and over doesn’t harm him at all. And forcefully annihilating relies on burning undying energy…the golden horned beast is a sector lord, it has no undying energy to burn.”

“What do I do?” Luo feng was stuck.


Chapter 789: Sha Wu Wings

“With the golden horned beast’s strength, it’s easy to win the fight against that Ka Wu undying. Killing him however, it’s not at the level of burning undying energy. The beast doesn’t have undying energy… have I reached a dead end?” Luo Feng pondered on the many options within his mind.

Everything was discarded again as none could work.

“There’s only one way!”

“Maybe, just maybe.” Luo Feng gritted his teeth, “I’ll rely on you Sha Wu wings!”

The beast had already unleashed its strongest sky tearing claw, the next strongest move would be the Sha Wu wings! This was a treasure given to him by the primal chaos city leader himself. It was used to flee, and it did have some battle ability too, the leader had told Luo feng back then.

Of course, it was mainly for fleeing and flying.

It only had minimal attacking abilities.

Luo Feng had experimented with it before and felt that it’s strongest points were it’s speed and sharp feathers. Slashing with them while flying at high speeds was like cutting with a blade.

…

Howl! The silver beast flapped its wings and once again rushed at the fire giant Fen Ya.

“Can you not be so excessive.”

“Why?”

Fen Ya was worried and angry, “This silver beast’s instantaneous speed, how can it be so absurd? It’s only barely an emperor, it shouldn’t be that fast. If it was a bit slower…I’d be able to reach sub light speed and then escape.”

Fog island’s resistance was pretty huge.

Reaching sub light speed was the limit! One had to go to the special Universe travel spot to reach light speed.

As long as one was an undying, with enough time, they could all reach close to light speed. The moment they reached that speed, even if an emperor level was chasing behind, he wouldn’t be able to catch up to a normal undying. As everybody’s speed was about the same, no one could actually catch anybody.

Unless one had teleportation!

Hence!

The undying battles relied strongly on instantaneous speeds. If the distance was close without sufficient space in between, it would be easy for one to instantly catch up with another ahead! Afterall, it did take awhile to reach close to light speed.

“Sha Wu wing’s three forms.”

“I can only trigger the first form currently, and my flight is already at a demonic level, the movement speed is shocking.” Luo Feng thought. “Even Yan Zhu with his treasure from his father, the moment he triggers it he can fight against a pinnacle emperor. Even though my Sha Wu wings aren’t mainly for attack but used for fleeing…the moment I dodge and flee, unless one has teleportation or time stop, even an emperor level undying wouldn’t be able to catch me.”

Rumble!

The beast flapped its wings and moved fast as lightning as it left a blur in the air. At this point it already reached beside Fen Ya.

Hua!

The feathers were like blades!

As it flew past, the feathers acted like blades and slashed at Fen Ya, almost like slashing through tofu as his body split in half at the waist.

“Ah…” Fen Ya let out a howl of pain as he was slashed in half. Even when he was reduced to powder before, he had never once let out a cry of pain.

Pain, intense pain!

The formless piercing energy acted like water .. melting the ice, his undying energy seemed incredibly weak against it as it was forcefully melted away. However the effect on his body was very minimal, it only instantly destroyed 2% of his undying energy!

This was destruction from the root!

“Ah!” Fen Ya howled in pain.

“I’ve succeeded.” Luo Feng stood on the distant peak and revealed a look of glee. With his sensing abilities, he could feel his enemy instantly lose 2% of his undying energy. This effect surprised Luo Feng, “Haha! This is indeed a treasure even the primal chaos city leader regards as valuable. It’s main use is for fleeing, however it still has some attacking ability, and that little bit is this powerful. And this is but a small portion of its true strength.”

The Sha Wu wings were incredibly mysterious.

With the trigger of one’s body and energy strength, it could trigger mysterious abilities. Luo Feng called this the space energy, and this was the powerful core of the wings.

This particular energy allowed the golden horned beast to fly at shocking demonic speeds.

The second form of the wings allowed for it to completely throw the space into disarray! (One had to reach the third level of Bones to trigger it)

The third form allowed one to control the space tides! (Required fifth level of Horn to trigger)

This all required the space energy from the wings to trigger. This special energy was incredibly powerful, however Luo Feng could only unleash the first form currently. The space energy was from the core of the wings, but Luo Feng could only trigger a very small portion of it currently.

Yet it could already destroy 2% of his undying body!

“Haha, go and die.”

“Ka Wu undying, go and die.” Luo Feng was extremely happy.

Rumble!

The beast flapped its wings and he once again used them to slash past Fen Ya’s body.

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

Fen Ya had no ability to even dodge. Even though he reformed over and over, as he reformed, the beast would slash past him again and he would lose another 2% of his undying energy. Even with an undying body, it would only take 50 times for it to be over…if he was a normal undying.

Losing 50% of his undying energy was akin to 50% of one’s soul, and his consciousness would instantly crumble.

With an undying body, even after losing 99% of his undying body, he still wouldn’t die.

However the final 1% could at most hold his memories, he would become a cannon fodder amongst undyings. Relying on this 1% to regain all his past strength would require trillions of years.

“No.”

“No.” Fen Ya howled in pain.

“Spare me respected emperor, spare me.” Fen Ya communicated mentally to the golden horned beast. Against the beast’s terrifying speed…he knew that even if he burned his undying energy to flee, he would still be unable to escape. That mysterious silver beast was simply too fast!

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

In an instant, he was attacked over 10 times.

Fen Ya’s undying body was left with only 50%, he lost half of his soul like that.

“Emperor, don’t force me, don’t force me!!!” He howled.

“Force you? Other race…just die!”

The beast’s speed was terrifying, its silver wings slashing over and over at Fen Ya’s body, destroying countless years of energy accumulated within…the undying body was the core.

“No!”

“No!”

Seeing that he was only left with 30% of his energy, he was panicking. Losing half of his strength was too huge a loss, he howled in rage and finally sunk into despair. As the silver beast once again attacked, he let out a howl within.

“Rumble!!!” He instantly self destructed his entire undying body.

Self destruct!

Fen Ya’s final decision! Even if he couldn’t kill an emperor, he wanted to heavily damage him, this was his revenge.

Rumble…the space about crumbled along with the mountain range, the beast had wrapped itself in the Sha Wu wings as it was extremely close to the explosion. The wings had the ability to disperse the attacks because of its special material.

Before this, out of the trillions of races in the universe, only the primal chaos city leader knew of the existence of the Sha Wu wings.

Destroying it was hard even for universe masters.

This explosion was but a tickle against the wings. It diffused over 99% of the attack with the final remnants of the force landing on the general armor, as long as it didn’t exceed the armor’s strength… 10,000 times that of a sector lord, it would be completely diffused.

Rumble…the universe space crumbled.

The huge beast wrapped in the silver wings flew back tens of thousands of km, before spreading its wings in glory, it’s cold gold eyes looking forward.

…

It took all the goods left behind by Fen Ya.

“I have to leave quickly, that battle drew too much attention, there are already some teams rushing over.” Luo Feng frowned and looked in the distance, the beast entered his internal world.

Sou!

With a flash, he used his Strike travel. However, it was obvious that his usage, compared to the golden horned beast…was on a completely different level. One was mainly the difference in body and secondly, the beast had the Sha Wu wings.

The death of one of the twelve officials of Fog Island, Boulder, was known to very few.

He didn’t send out a distress signal before dying, as there were no other allies who were stronger than him on Fog island. Who could he ask for help from? As for leaving a warning to others? Who would he warn? With the silver beast reaching emperor level strength, only the twelve officials could actually make a move on it.

As for the other eleven officials, none of them were from the Ka Wu race.

“Since I’m dying, some of you will come join me.” Fen Ya didn’t care about the others. If they were the same race, he may have warned them, but towards the other races…he wasn’t that noble.

…

Luo Feng returned to his base.

The star eating plant grew throughout the caves to protect his palace and Luo Feng sat within happily.

“Haha, Sha Wu wings.”

“Teacher gave me a true treasure.”

His mood was extremely good. He sat and drank his wine as he pondered, “I finally got a sense of fighting a strong warrior. That Yan Zhu has a treasure that would make other emperors jealous. Yet now, I have one too, and it’s even better than his. Even though , its main usage is for fleeing, however it still has some offensive and defensive abilities.”

“Hehe.”

“Hm?”

A thought struck like lightning within his mind, he muttered softly, “The golden horned beast’s close combat and the blade work of the human body…” After which his eyes gleamed.


Chapter 790: Creating Techniques on Fog Island

Back when he studied in Primal chaos city for 12,00 years, Luo Feng had pondered about his blade work and the golden horned beast’s close combat skills. The Virtual Universe Company had lots of techniques, however those techniques were infused with many other laws. Yet, Luo Feng couldn’t find anything related to the Beast god path techniques.

Afterall…

No one in humanity had ever reached Xi Luo Duo’s level of accomplishment in the Beast god path. Even the blade techniques of some of the knights were simply in the beginning stages, hence those imperfect techniques would naturally not be sold! Selling those imperfect techniques would be a disgrace to the knights.

And as he couldn’t find suitable techniques, with only Xi Luo Duo’s techniques that were best suited for the Beast god path, yet it was mainly just for spirit readers.

“After troubling over this for so many years.”

“I’m still stuck with this even in the outer region wars, even after spending 100 years trying to refine the seven illusionary blades, and creating seven new blade forms. However his level of refining was too low, at least I gained quite a bit of experience from the process.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “And I finally found the right path from this battle!”

To improve, one had to first choose a path.

Luo Feng was blind to this before.

And without any experience from anyone else before.

“I’m so silly.” He thought. “Beast god…the beast god itself is an embodiment of the fusion of laws itself, and it’s a fusion of the space and gold laws! With my training, the golden horned beast will gradually naturally infuse the Beast god power and become more like it.

“Whether it’s the claws, horn or tail etc, these are all weapons of the Beast god.”

“I’ve had too much balance before.”

“I couldn’t find the most suitable technique…I didn’t know whether to study claw techniques or tail techniques or any others.

“Now that I think about it…it’s so silly. The strongest thing about the beast is without doubt the Sha Wu wings.” Luo Feng was very excited. “But these wings have little use to the universe masters. Naturally as I get stronger, I should create techniques suited for the Sha Wu wings.”

“The Sha Wu wings are strong themselves.”

“Combined with suitable techniques, and infused with the Beast god path within, it’ll naturally be the strongest method.” Luo Feng smiled.

The human will work on blade techniques etc.

Why?

Because his blade work was naturally stronger than his punches and kicks. If it was weaker, warriors would naturally use their fists. In reality, they all mostly used weapons, only few with special techniques used only their fists.

“Human body will work on blade work and spirit weapon techniques”

“The beast will create a scaled wing attack instead.”

…

With a certain path ahead, he just needed to spend the time and focus on his goals.

Luo Feng began to madly study techniques such as Strike travel and Linear universe, which were both ways to use his wings, they could also be used in attack. One had to know that the beast originally had scaled wings Hence, there were many winged attack techniques in its inherited memories, Luo Feng studied them.

And from the Virtual Universe Company’s treasure trove, he had already exchanged for some wing attack techniques. While it may not be as deep as Strike travel or Linear universe, what he needed was references and experience in creating such techniques. Studying many different types would broaden his perspectives and ideas.

Studying many different techniques and melding the Beast god presence in, Luo Feng began to create his own battle techniques.

…

Fog island.

“Silver beast, flee.”

“Quickly flee.”

“It’s speed is too fast, too fast, it should be emperor level.”

“Little…”

The four other race warriors fled, however with a flash from the scaled wings, it felt like a bright light in the sky had descended on them, it was terrifying. After which they were all torn apart, these pinnacle general undyings had no way to withstand the terrifying Sha Wu attack infused with its space energy, they instantly crumbled and fell.

…

“Everybody disperse and flee.”

“It’s the silver beast.”

“If just one of us can escape.”

The poor other race undyings were once again decimated.

…

As time passed, the news of the silver beast on Fog island spread.

During their discussions, the other race undyings determined that this silver beast was at least at pinnacle official power, or even at emperor level. The moment one met it…that would be a tragedy! At least on Fog island, there was no warrior strong enough to fight against it.

No one knew of where it came from.

They only knew…

It was from the human camp. However, each of the four camps all had large amounts of other races under them, and only very few had special races that were that powerful. This silver beast may have come from a desolate part of the universe.

…

“Bastard.”

“Even if this beast isn’t an emperor, he should have pinnacle official level strength. And its speed is terrifying. With such strength…why is he staying on Fog island? It should head out to the main continent! The main continent has large amounts of officials, even few emperors! That should be its battleground.”

“Right, it’s excessive! I heard that two of the twelve officials have already fallen.”

“Don’t say such things, it’s hard to say whether they fell from the silver beast or they fled to the main continent. Even if they left, they wouldn’t let us know.”

“Hm.”

“Actually, this silver beast is still ok, killing only once every two years. The most terrifying thing is, anyone who meets it is certain to be killed. Hence, it scared off many of the warriors off Fog island. Fog island clearly has a lot less warriors nowadays.”

Bug clan subservient race undyings were discussing on a ship.

The reputation of the silver beast had become a nightmare for Fog island.

It exceeded the thirteen tyrants of Fog island from before.

Back then, how could the twelve officials and one star eating sector lord compare to the silver beast!

When meeting the others…the chances of fleeing was still high. But, after meeting the silver beast, even if the six undyings dispersed and fled, they would be lucky if even three of them managed to get away.

…

In the blink of an eye, over a hundred years had passed since he began studying winged techniques. Luo Feng finally managed to get a basic idea of a Sha Wu wing attack technique. Even though it was crude compared to Xi Luo Duo’s absolute manuals, it far exceeded the new seven blade techniques, and there were still many areas to refine it.

“Creating a technique sure isn’t easy.”

“Especially creating a top class technique, like soul imprint and Illusionary seven blades…” Luo Feng shook his head. His perspectives had grown, and his law comprehension far exceeding his teacher Hu Yan Bo. Also, having seen many top tier techniques and including his teacher the primal chaos city leader’s guidance, how could his improvement be slow?

“Hm.”

“It’s time to go see my teacher.” Luo Feng sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network.

According to the primal chaos city leader’s request, he would often go to Thunder island, primal chaos shrine to seek guidance.

Virtual universe thunder island.

Within the highest area of Thunder island, there stood a shrine engulfed in primal chaos energy. As the true disciple of the leader, Luo Feng would naturally be allowed here.

Sou! Luo Feng suddenly appeared before the shrine. This shrine had no staff, and it was completely empty. All it had was the omnipresent primal chaos energy.

He stepped in.

Stopping within the shrine, he said respectfully. “Teacher.”

“What’s the matter?” A voice resounded from the energy.

“I’ve made some progress in my techniques created for the Sha Wu Wings, I’m here to seek guidance.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“Unleash them.” The voice spoke.

“Yes.”

Luo Feng said respectfully.

With a thought, he vanished and a over 100km long golden horned beast appeared. This was the virtual universe where everything was simulated, and according to what his teacher said…his shrine had some of the special effects of the training grounds. Whatever he thought off could appear.

Luo Feng naturally transformed into the beast, its wings were more suitable for the Sha Wu Wings (The wings were naturally simulated in the virtual universe too)!

The highest authority in the Virtual Universe Company was the primal chaos city leader. Hence, when he became the golden horned beast etc, he didn’t have to worry about any privacy issues.

Hua!

The beast waved its wings, this wave had the experience of Strike travel, with just a slice during flight, every attack was deep and powerful. The space would be sliced apart like tofu, natural and light.

The feathers slashed past the air and left behind a very feint trace.

Sou!

The beast landed in the shrine and transformed back to Luo Feng.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

Luo Feng was pretty confident within. He was simply using the most basic usage of the Sha Wu wings over 100 years ago, simply borrowing its speed and special features. Now however, it was completely different. It may seem simple, but it’s power was much more than before, Luo Feng was naturally elated.

“Hm.” The voice spoke from the energies.

“Your wing attacks are already considered at entry level. It’s obvious that they aren’t perfected yet, if you do, they will be much more powerful. However it’s hard for you to find proper opponents to train them against. From today on, stay frequently in your training grounds, I’ll arrange special opponents for your to match you weak points, allowing you to constantly battle them and train your techniques. In about 1,000 to 2,000 years, you’ll have some progress in your first absolute manual.”

“Yes teacher.” Luo Feng was incredibly respectful.


Chapter 791: 1,000 Years, Progress

“Go on.” The voice spoke.

Luo Feng bowed respectfully and vanished.

“It has only been a few thousand years, but Luo Feng is already able to kill an official. Even though its using the Golden horned beast and the Sha Wu wings, it’s already not bad. If this goes on, he will eventually catch up with his senior Ke Di.” The city leader sat crossed legged in his shrine, the energies revolved around him, making him look like a blurry silhouette.

“If…”

“If I had given Ke Di a treasure back then, maybe he would still be alive.” The city leader sighed.

Ke Di was afterall one that had passed even the sector lord sky mountain. In terms of law comprehension, he naturally reached the 20th level, he was already close to a knight, and was much stronger than Luo Feng. Of course, he had trained longer than Luo Feng too. Even though he was very powerful and had many trump cards, with many survival methods etc, a treasure like the Sha Wu wings was hard even for a knight to acquire, much less geniuses like Ke Di and Luo Feng.

And only a being like the primal chaos city leader, a true absolute warrior of the universe could produce a treasure like that.

Virtual universe primal region, Luo Feng’s training grounds. Originally, every primal region’s training grounds were the same size, however with the city leader making the arrangements, Luo Feng’s place became as big as the expensive slaughterhouse, the virtual space within vast and endless.

Within the vast space.

Luo Feng stood there and transformed into the over 100km long silver beast (Golden horned beast).

“Having the primal chaos city leader as your teacher sure is good. Even my personal training grounds has become as large as the slaughter house, it sure is luxurious.” His virtual assistant Babata shouted happily. “And he even arranges for special opponents to work on your techniques and weaknesses.”

“Even your teacher True Yan doesn’t have such vision and arrangements.” Babata said excitedly.

Luo feng nodded.

Right.

Even though he created these techniques, he wasn’t sure on what their weaknesses were, it was hard to create opponents who were good enough. However, the ones arranged by the city leader were different. The city leader was one of the most pinnacle beings of the universe, looking at Luo Feng’s techniques was like looking at little children playing, he could easily see through everything.

Weng!…A blurry silhouette suddenly appeared and formed.

He was a 10m tall body made completely of rocks. It had flames burning between the rocks, and its eyes were burning with purple flames. This god had a powerful energy that emanated throughout, and he wielded a 30km long blood colored pitchfork.

Of course in terms of size.

He was like an infant compared to the golden horned beast.

Howl…The beast howled too.

The first battle began!

…

In the following weeks.

Every opponent the Golden horned beast faced was incredibly terrifying, almost all of them were proficient against his weaknesses. According to the training plan set by the city leader…he had to defeat each one before another would appear.

“In the virtual universe, the basic structure of the beast is fixed. To get stronger, you can only rely on your law comprehension and powerful techniques.”

“The opponents that I have set for you.”

“Defeat one and another will appear.”

“If you can defeat 500, it means the technique you created is already top class.”

“If you can defeat 1,000, it means it has reached a pinnacle level. This is similar to the level of Xi Luo Duo’s absolute manuals. Of course to be specific, you’d have to defeat 1,200 opponents to reach his level of techniques.”

“Also, if you can defeat 2,000 opponents, it means your technique has reached the extreme level, the level of the techniques I create.”

“Work hard my student.”

This was what the city leader told him.

These words made Luo Feng’s ambition grow, and he was also able to feel just how terrifying his teacher was. Xi Luo Duo’s absolute manuals were at the pinnacle level, and his teacher however was considered an extreme level.

…

Difficult!

Beating each opponent was extremely tough, each battle would make him reflect and refine his techniques more.

The shortest he took with one opponent was about ten days to half a month.

The long ones took about 10 years and he still wouldn’t even be able to defeat him!

The hardest of the first 500 was the Hui Suo space beast. This was an undying beast with the natural ability to stop time. It made Luo Feng lose many times. After a few hundred battles with it, taking a total of 18 years, it was the longest he took against an opponent.

…

After spending 200 years, the golden horned beast defeated 500 opponents. Regardless, Luo Feng wasn’t satisfied at all.

He continued to fight and study!

It got harder and harder, and the time it took to defeat each opponent grew longer. However, he would constantly study the three ancient pictures from before, the battle scene of the Beast god. This was much more profound than Xi Luo Duo’s absolute manuals, it also gave him a much more discerning feeling as he looked at them. A total of 1,000 years!

He finally defeated the next 500 opponents.

Howl…

On a desolate planet, there were countless green threads flashing in the surrounding ten thousand km, it wrapped the entire planet.

The Golden horned beast waved its wings and left behind a terrifying silver blur of light, not long after, countless green threads were instantly destroyed. Rumble!…The planet was torn apart too, as it was slashed like tofu by the silver wings of the beast.

The 1,000th opponent was the rare life form Green thread Bug, and this opponent had stalled Luo Feng for 102 years. But finally he was able to defeat it.

This bug could produce trillions of green threads, but it was rooted to the planet, it could control life puppets. This particular one the beast fought had no life puppets and could only use its own body to fight. Battle after battle, the beast kept losing and being killed.

After a hundred years, it finally won once.

Howl…

The beast raised its head and howled.

After which it became a human silhouette.

“Hahahahahaha…I actually created a pinnacle technique. Even though it’s only the first form, it’s too powerful!” Luo Feng was very excited. The Beast god armament had a total of six forms. the first was the Beast god Descends but it was a form from Xi Luo Duo’s absolute manual.

This was very normal.

According to Luo Feng’s plan, before becoming a knight, he would probably only create two to three forms.

“Luo Feng, I have to worship you.” Babata mocked him.

“Hehe.” Luo Feng smiled, as he was feeling happy within.

“How could he not?

Xi Luo Duo was an absolute being, and the manuals he created were terrifying. Even though he had only created the first form, at least this first form was on the level of pinnacle manuals too. What’s more, Luo Feng’s law comprehension wasn’t exactly very high. This first form was already good for him to use, like the Beast God’s second form, he had no way to use it at all. A technique that he cant use was useless.

“Hm, I’ve succeeded, it’s time to visit teacher.” Luo Feng thought.

With a flash, he vanished.

…

In the highest regions of thunder island, the shrine lay amidst the chaos energies. There were no staff or anybody around, and only endless chaos energies could be seen and felt.

Luo Feng suddenly appeared and entered the shrine.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng bowed with gratitude and respect. A blurry image walked out from the depths of the shrine, and he was dressed in a long gold robe, with green scales on his head. His face was similar to an earth human, and his expression was amiable. Only his eyes seemed profound like an endless ocean or vast space.

It was completely different from the body in primal chaos city.

His gaze however was the same.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully. When he came to the shrine before, he never actually got to see his body.

“You’ve actually created a pinnacle technique. Even though it’s only the first form, its enough for you to use…and its what you created yourself. There are many pinnacle techniques in the universe, but the one you create is most suitable for yourself. Even if you study other extreme level techniques to the highest level, if they don’t suit you, their power will never be as strong as your own…” the city leader’s eyes were satisfied. “Not bad, not bad.”

Luo Feng listened obediently.

Extreme level technique?

Firstly, they were incredibly hard to study, and every one of their creators were universe masters. Even if they didn’t suit him… studying them would still be better than normal top class techniques. However, Luo Feng had created a pinnacle level technique, just one level below the extreme level.

And because he created it himself.

It was most suitable for him, and its power naturally huge!

“Do you want to continue on? Attempting the 1001st opponent and moving on?” The city leader joked as he asked.

“I naturally want to continue.” Luo Feng replied respectfully.

A soldier that didn’t wish to become general was not a good soldier.

A warrior that didn’t wish to become a universe master wasn’t fit to be one. Luo Feng naturally wanted to attain as much power as he could, hoping for his own technique to reach the extreme level. Even though he knew that the path was tough and the success rate was incredibly low, he would still attempt it!

“Very good.” The city leader nodded satisfied. “Does your technique have a name yet?”

“The first form is set, But I still don’t have a name for the entire manual.” Luo Feng thought.

“What name?” the city leader asked curiously.

“The first form is called Milky Way Across the Sky.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

This technique…

Was a way to use the scaled wings and use it as blades. Like flying and winged blades, the two could interchange easily.

This name came naturally to him when he created it.

“Think of one for the entire set.” The city leader smiled. “Even though it’s only the first form, it’s still one of a pinnacle manual, it has to have a name.”


Chapter 792: Home, Moon

“Name…” Luo Feng pondered.

The great being Xi Luo Duo’s manuals were at the pinnacle level too, such manuals definitely had to be named with careful consideration.

“What shall I call it?”

“This is a scaled wing attack technique that can be used as a blade technique. Wing Blade? Void Blade? Wing Blade six forms? Wing blade seven forms? The main thing is using the Sha Wu wings to fight, hence…Sha Wu manual? But this can also be used with a blade to battle, using the blood shadow blade. Maybe, blood shadow manual then?” Luo Feng thought of many names.

Vetoing each one.

He felt they were lacking.

“What does it lack?” Luo Feng kept thinking.

Looking at Luo Feng ponder, the primal chaos city leader watched silently. A pinnacle manual was the proof of an absolute warrior, even if he were to fall…his manual would be passed on. Hence, every warrior would carefully consider the name, this was also a proof of longevity.

Luo Feng’s eyes suddenly gleamed.

“It lacks a certain strength.”

“The strength of the spirit.” The thoughts continued in his mind. “When I think of my manual, I get a boundless sense of force and emotion. When I think of it, it fortifies my warrior’s heart, and I understand my own resolve.”

“What my resolve is…”

The many scenes appeared in his mind.

…

“I want to stop my parents from suffering, letting them lead a good life.” Back during the base era, Luo Feng carried his shield and blade, exploring the wilderness and beginning his warrior’s path.

…

“Dragon egg! Armor!” In wilderness sector 003, a monster leader was fighting with two wargods, Luo Feng rushed in and took away its egg and armor from its nest…

…

“A cornered rabbit will bite back, you really think I won’t kill you!” His flying blade lopped of the powerful head. Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with madness as he fled madly, at that time, Luo Feng was like a demon.

…

“100 billion?” When offered the huge bounty, he was filled with fear about his teammates divulging the information.

…

“28 billion?” The first time his brother Luo Hua saw the number he was stunned.

“Luo Hua, I told you before, I will let you stand confidently before that lady Xiao Nan, and before her parents. I told you before.” Luo Feng promised before his brother.

…

The honor of becoming an investigator of the dojo of limits.

…

The appearance of the Golden horned beast and the apocalypse of earth, the many warriors of earth risking it all to fight the Golden horned beast.

…

Just leaving Earth into the universe, he was very careful and yet decisive, visiting the world within a world and fighting with his life.

…

…

…

Every step of the way, he unleashed his talents, risking it all in missions, and all these came from his heart of resolve! To protect his loved ones! Protect his home!

“Home? Family?” Luo Feng instantly came up with the name…Moon!

Looking at the moon, he would reminisce and miss his family.

Luo Feng had been studying many ancient chinese texts, hence the first thing he thought of was Moon. Countless poems from ancient times spoke of the moon while dreaming of their home, standing alone under the moon and remembering their family.

“Moon!”

“One law alone is simple, but with many others, they form a policy.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “I’ve only created the first form now, there will eventually be the second and third…together they will form a policy.”

“My new manual shall be called Moon Policy!”

Luo Feng made the decision.

Moon Policy represented his resolve, the policy also represented his ambition, and his spirit to never give up, but to get stronger.

“Done?” The city leader looked at Luo Feng’s excited gaze and smiled.

“Yes.” Luo Feng replied respectfully.

“Tell me?” The city leader asked.

“It shall be called Moon Policy.” Luo Feng answered.

“Moon policy…” The city leader was curious. There wasn’t any manual in the universe that used the word policy, most were xx manual, or soul imprint, or linear universe, Strike travel, Nan Shen seven forms etc.

He had never seen a manual called xx policy.

What’s more, the meaning behind Moon, the city leader didn’t fully understand. Even so, he didn’t bother to ask more.

“Moon policy…moon policy…let’s hope this name will cause fear and envy amongst the trillions of races.” The city leader smiled.

“I will work hard.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“Hm.” The city leader nodded.

“Teacher, I want to ask, what are the levels of a technique?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask. He only knew that the top three which were top class, pinnacle and extreme.

The city leader said, “Easy distinction: Low level, normal, top class, pinnacle and extreme.”

“The techniques normal sector lords and some normal undyings usually create are normally Low level.”

“Like the inheritance you got from Hu Yan Bo, his soul imprint has some special features. It already surpassed the low level category, it should be considered normal! Like the new seven blades you’ve been studying, even though it surpasses the original seven illusionary blades, it’s still within the normal category, many official level undyings and some sector lord geniuses have normal level techniques too.”

“Above that!”

“Is the top class. Usually sector lord absolute geniuses, and emperor level undyings will create such level of technique!”

“Above that is pinnacle.”

“Like your other teacher True Yan, who is able to survive even before a knight, he’s as powerful as a normal knight. A being like that, or even like your senior Ke Di, who was extremely powerful during sector lord level, they would normally create pinnacle level techniques.”

“The knights all mostly create pinnacle techniques. Of course it’s just like what I told you, the opponents you face, from the 1,000th to 1,999th, they are all using pinnacle techniques. Hence, even within the pinnacle techniques, there are still huge differences. Even though Xi Luo Duo was strong, he was still only from a normal race like the gold horn race. They don’t have the background of humanity, hence the techniques he created cannot compare to ours. This is why, his techniques will only be about the level of the 1200th opponent you will face.”

“As for the extreme level!”

“The extreme level…is too far away from you for now.” The city leader smiled, “When you can deal with the 2,000th opponent, then we’ll talk.”

Luo Feng was shocked within, immediately replying, “Yes teacher.”

“Actually, you’ve already done not bad this time.” The city leader said. “With my full support in altering your opponents according to your improvement, while dealing with your weaknesses everytime, under such circumstances, your efficiency in studying has risen hundreds to thousands of times. I still thought that with my help, I’d be able to help you create a top level technique in 2,000 years, but you exceeded my expectations. Creating a pinnacle technique in 1,200 years, your comprehension is very high. At least in the Beast god path, it’s extremely high.”

Luo Feng felt regretful within.

The creation of a technique was very hard, to have someone specially arrange such opponents for him…even the knights would find hard to do. With such help, how could he not improve fast?

1,200 years, it was akin to his own self study of hundreds of thousands of years!

“How could teacher even know that even though my comprehension of the Beast god path is high, it’s not as high as you think.” He pondered. “I have the Beast god statue to help me, I’m able to study it personally and understand it, feeling its aura.”

One who stays near vermillion is stained red, studying the statue daily made his improvement naturally fast.

…

“Go on.” The city leader turned and walked into the energies. “Continue to fight against the warriors in the outer region wars. The life or death training will help you perfect your techniques and help you improve faster.”

“Yes.”

Luo Feng bowed respectfully and vanished.

In the seventh battlefield, Fog Island was shrouded in mist as a living ship flew.

“1,200 years, these 1,200 years, the silver beast has vanished. No one on fog island has seen it since.” Four demon undyings in their demon puppets sat separately, as the atmosphere was relaxed.

“It might have gone to the main continent. There are many strong warriors there, many officials and even some emperors. Those emperors have all sorts of techniques, anyone able to become emperor must have huge fortunes, and they are able to buy large amounts of automaton weapons or terrifying items. They aren’t easy to deal with, the silver beast may even be killed by some emperor there.”

“Hm.”

“With the disappearance of the beast, Fog island now has many more officials than before. Now there are 18 tyrants, and they are all extremely arrogant.”

“Especially the star eating sector lord amongst them, when the silver beast dominated the Fog island, he remained hidden. Now that it’s gone, he sure is arrogant. However, to be accurate…he is extremely strong. I heard that even against an official undying, he’s able to keep up.”

“Hm, his strength improvement is huge.”

…

Eight hundred million km away from this living ship, a black disc ship was swiftly leaving Fog island.

Within that ship.

A black armored Luo Feng stood and looked at the undyings chatting eight hundred million km away, he said softly, “The silver beast vanished? It simply can’t find any opponent here on Fog island. The main continent is supposed to have a lot more powerful warriors, with many official levels about. One would easily bump into officials everywhere and occasionally the emperors!”

“I have to be careful.”

“Officials are already hard to deal with and emperors have even more wealth than I do, and there will be other race assassins about…they may come up at any time.” Luo Feng thought, “On the main continent, I definitely cannot reveal the connection between the star eating sector lord and the silver beast. If the other races don’t know my trump cards, my chances of survival would be much higher.”

“Battle? Danger?”

“Bring it.”

Luo Feng gazed into the distance at the incredibly vast main continent.

That was the Yan Ji main continent, which was tens of thousands of times bigger than Fog island, and many strong warriors were there.

…

The black disc ship continued to head towards the main continent.


Chapter 793: Yan Ji Main Continent

The Main continent had a largest diameter of 1.8 light years. Its surrounding thousands of islands together didn’t even add up to a tenth of the main continent.

The main continent had a black disc ship flying at sub light speed above it’s desert.

“Luo Feng, 960 million km away there’s a team with three undyings and an army of over 10,000. According to the army’s conversation, there should be one official undying amongst the three, and he’s pretty strong.”

After awhile…

“Luo Feng, 980 million km away there’s a team stationed in the desert. There are two undyings and twenty three sector lords. According to what they are saying, they should have just finished a battle and lost quite a bit of their strength, their team has just one official.”

After awhile…

“…the leader of the team is an official.”

“…the leader of the team is an official.”

…

…

Luo Feng sat in the sofa of the control room, casually sipping his wine, listening to the reports of Babata.

“Alright Babata, you don’t have to tell me everything in detail.” Luo Feng put down his glass. “You don’t even have to scan, I’ll be able to guess…that every team almost definitely has an official!”

“Indeed the master of I, Babata, you are wise.” Babata mocked.

When Luo Feng reached domain lord level, according to the living AI’s most basic system, it would automatically regard Luo Feng as its master. However as it was already a living AI…with its own emotions, it still naturally resonated more with its old master Hu Yan Bo. It normally called Luo Feng by name, hardly ever calling him master.

The name was just his way of calling him.

As a living AI, Babata naturally respected Luo Feng as its master.

This was the special quality of a living AI. Like the automaton race, a pinnacle race of the universe, every one of them was a living AI. They had strict limitations about authority within their bodies, and they would never have an incident where the lower ranking warriors would disrespect the higher rankings! It could be said that they were the most united race of the universe.

“Wise my ass.”

“I’ve been in the Yan Ji main continent for thirty six days, discovering over 800 teams. Whether its other races or human teams, according to what I’ve seen, there’s never been a team without an official.” Luo Feng shook his head, “It’s obvious that every team here has an official!”

“Strange.”

“According to the information I gathered, among the undyings, the generals should take up 2/3rds of the undyings, the officials 1/3rd, and there should be very few emperors.”

“With the percentage of officials that high, out of every team of three to five undyings, there would most definitely be one within. A team without an official cannot survive on the main continent.” Luo Feng smiled. It was just like when the star eating sector lord appeared on Fog island, it forced the undyings into group in five or six.

One theory was.

The high percentage of officials meant that more teams would have officials, forcing the teams without one to form alliances with another that had at least one official! That way, their chances of survival were much higher. Otherwise, if they were attacked by a team with an official, they would be massacred.

Official!

They had undying bodies, and it was very rare that officials were killed, unless a particular enemy official was very proficient in soul attacks.

…

“Looks like there are very few emperors. After flying here for thirty six days, I haven’t even seen an emperor team.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“That is very normal. It takes about two years to fly past the entire continent, and that is flying in a straight line. If we want to search the entire continent, considering that the emperors don’t move at all, even searching for 10,000 years wouldn’t be enough. You’ve only flown for thirty six days…do you think it would be that easy to find an emperor.”

“Even if you bump into one, his scanning device may be even more advanced than yours. It may completely block off yours, and we wouldn’t even be able to discover him!”

Luo Feng shook his head.

“Babata.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Activate all abilities of the second scanning device, and maintain number one’s normal state and close off all of its jamming abilities, only maintain it’s protection status.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Understood.”

Babata immediately did so.

The first device was the one he spent a huge fortune on in primal chaos city to exchange for, this was definitely something an emperor would use.

The second one was the one he got when used the Golden horned beast to kill the official level undying Fen Ya. This one would cost about a few hundred thousand mixed elements too, it was not bad.

Right now, he closed off all jamming systems of the first device.

Then…

As long as the enemy teams had devices better than his second device, they would be able to find Luo Feng. It was hard to find any device better than his first device, however, it was easy to find people with those better than his second.

“Luo Feng, you sure are crafty.”

“Not crafty, just bored. I have to catch some fish, luring them to eat my bait.”

310 million km away, there was a completely black living ship flying.

Within its control room.

“Despicable human, actually having an undying plant, if not for it, I’d long kill them.” A scaled wolf head man roared. “The humans are simply too wealthy, even an official human has an undying plant.”

“Humans are wealthy.” Another undying with large compound eyes and butterfly wings said beside him.

If it was Luo Feng, he could instantly tell.

This was…the Wei Yi race, a powerful race that wasn’t subservient to the demons.

Actually there were many other powerful races in the outer region wars that weren’t subservient to the four pinnacle races. Some of them sent their members after discussion with the pinnacle races just for experience and training.

Even to the point!

That there were other pinnacle races besides the four.

After all…

Demons, automaton, humans, and bugs, these were but four of the six pinnacle races of the universe. As their territories were close, they often clashed and fought. There were two other pinnacle races in the universe…as they were much further away, naturally they wouldn’t get too involved in the big wars.

Otherwise, just the cost of transportation alone would be shocking. However, there were some members of the two pinnacle races that were willing to come fight.

Like the Ka wu race…even though they belonged to the side of the bugs.

In truth, they were subservient to one of the two distant pinnacle races.

“Humans are very adept at machinery and living things.” Another Wei Yi undying said with envy. “Combined with the one and only virtual universe network, combining the entire strength of humanity, using their resources most efficiently, it’s made it hard for any other race to match them.”

“Hmph!”

“Humans have poor body structures. Hence, they are much weaker than us demons. This is why they have to use other tactics to match us.” The wolf head man said. “It’s a pity that the space beasts are too proud, not wanting to be part of us demons. Those proud space beasts should think too, they have high intelligence and talents, and they are huge beasts…they should naturally be part of us demons. This is especially true for the pinnacle twelve bloodlines, they are even higher than our royal bloodlines. It’s a pity…”

“The space beasts have powerful strength, but no territories, it sure is peculiar.” A Wei Yi lady spoke.

“Even without territories, they are situated throughout the universe.” The wolf head man said. “The space beasts are scattered throughout the universe, many sector lord pinnacle beasts never meeting another in their life times. Unless they become undying and have eternal life, only then could they make contact with the space beast core.”

“The space beast alliance! That’s one of the super alliances of the universe.”

“If that alliance was willing to merge with the demons, our demons would definitely become the top pinnacle race.” The wolf head man exclaimed.

The demons and space beasts did have many disputes.

Actually as a whole, the space beasts were like a strengthened demon race! The demons couldn’t be blamed in wanting them to merge.

…

While these three undyings were discussing humans, demons and space beasts…

“Ah?” The wolf head man looked at his arm screen.

The other two Wei Yi undyings looked at him.

“Captain?” The two of them asked curiously.

“We’ve discovered a ship, it’s a human.” The wolf head man said seriously.

“What’s special about a human ship.” The lady smiled, “Looks like the captain is triggered by humans.”

“No…There’s only one human on the ship, and it’s a sector lord!” The scaled wolf head man emphasized.

“Sector lord?”

“How can that be?”

The two Wei Yi undyings were shocked. The main continent was filled with powerful warriors, it was almost certain there would be an official within every team or someone with the abilities of an official! However, there was a human sector lord on the main continent now. “A humans sector lord actually dares to come to Yan Ji main continent?”

“Is he looking to die?” the other two undyings couldn’t believe this.

“I’ve thought of a person.” The wolf head man said suddenly. “Do you remember the star eating sector lord I spoke off on Fog island.”

“Fog island’s star eating sector lord?” The two Wei Yi undyings single eyes gleamed.

“I heard that he has the strength of an official and an hundred vine star eating plant.” The wolf man revealed a smile. “This human sector lord…could very likely be the start eating sector lord. Maybe he found himself invincible on Fog island and decided to come to the main continent, how stupid! The main continent isn’t like Fog island at all! Let’s kill him…are there any objections?”

“Of course not.” The two other undyings laughed.

“Let’s get close.” The wolf head man ordered.

Sou!

The living ship swiftly flew towards Luo Feng’s ship.


Chapter 794: Accumulating Contribution Points

The living ship got closer.

“Look, that human sector lord is still casually sipping wine.” The leading scaled wolf head man pointed at the screen and mocked.

“If only he knew that he was being watched by the demon clan’s pinnacle official warrior from the Gold Fear race…he’d probably be weak in his knees from the fear.” The Wei Yi lady laughed. Beside her the Wei Yi man nodded and said coldly, “Ignorance is bliss, let’s help him die faster. To have such power at sector lord level, he’s definitely an absolute genius by the demon alliance standards, his rewards would be extremely high.”

“It is very high.”

The wolf head man nodded, “Hence we need to record footage of the battle and keep his body and items to prove our work.” Unlike the humans that had the virtual universe, the demon communication system was much more backwards. They could only maintain consciousness communication in the seventh battlefield, and were unable to project images or footage, much less the synchronized broadcast of the virtual universe network.

“Understood.” The two Wei Yi undyings were excited.

…

Within the ship.

Luo Feng sat in his control room and sipped his wine, revealing a peculiar smile, muttering to himself, “Ignorance is bliss, right, you guys are right. You are very blissful right now, because you don’t know what’s about to hit you. Actually, the contribution points I’ll get from you will be pretty high, official pinnacle? Hehe, I am much stronger than the Boulder of Fog island, the Golden horned beast should have no problems getting rid of you.”

“Five minutes…four minutes…”

“Countdown 30 seconds.”

“30, 29, 28…” Luo Feng’s first scanner clearly recorded the distance between his ship and the living ship.

Sou!

An undying light ball that was being condensed instantly shot through tens of thousands of km, hitting the black disc ship Luo Feng was in. The E9 ship was instantly torn apart with large amounts of alloy remains shooting in all directions. The entire ship was exploded open along with the space itself, as countless space fragments shook.

After awhile, the fragments regained their form.

Amidst the ripples…a black silhouette stood in space, he held a shield and had a blade on his back.

“Little punk, you sure got some guts coming to Yan Ji main continent.” A sharp voice resounded from the butterfly winged undying with compound eyes. The Wei Yi lady spoke, “Only at a sector lord level, you must be an absolute genius of humanity, how can you be so stupid.”

“His stupidity gives us points.” The Wei Yi man said from the other side.

“Don’t waste time, hurry and kill him.” The wolf head man said from the distance.

The three undyings surrounded Luo Feng from all sides.

“So noisy.” Luo Feng brandished his blade from the scabbard on his back, his gaze gleaming coldly at the three undyings.

“Poor little…” The Wei Yi lady had just begun to speak.

Hu! Hu!

The two Wei Yi undyings simultaneously became blurs, leaving a s curve as they flew towards Luo Feng. They shot out large amounts of white threads from both hands, seemingly like spider web. Luo Feng however saw through it easily.

The threads shot through the distance, slashing the space and creating a thin slit.

The two undyings released over ten million threads that wrapped around Luo Feng from all about, wanting to trap him within.

“The Wei Yi race sure is powerful, their methods aren’t ordinary at all. However these two are obviously still too weak.” Luo Feng shook his head.

Hua hua…

Countless white threads wrapped about him.

“What an idiot, he doesn’t even block it” The Wei Yi undying male mocked.

“Even though the two of us are weaker, however even if the captain was caught by us, he wouldn’t be able to break free immediately.” The lady’s compound eyes sneered, after which however their smiles vanished. Because, just as the white threads began to form their cocoon around Luo Feng, they were shocked to realize that…

The black silhouette was already thousands of km away.

“How can that be.”

“How can his dodging speed be even faster than us?” The two undyings were shocked.

Luo Feng simply glanced at them. While creating his techniques, the 182nd opponent set by his teacher the primal chaos city leader was a Wei Yi undying, back then the Golden horned beast fought against that undying…that opponent was emperor level, and his power and skills were at a much higher level.

The Wei Yi race were well known in speed and dodging, and they could naturally spit threads.

The threads they made were incredibly flexible and sturdy. The moment they formed a cocoon, they would trap their opponents. Even if the enemy had his body completely shattered, he wouldn’t be able to escape…this was like a cage that was almost impossible to escape from in a short time!

It was a pity…

Luo Feng had detailed information about them within his inherited memories, and with battle experience against an emperor level Wei Yi undying, how could he be bothered with these two barely official punks.

…

“Die!” Luo Feng flashed three times, leaving behind warps within the 10,000 km area, almost like lightning that was warping.

Strike travel!

The Wei Yi man immediately hurriedly tried to dodge and use his threads to stop Luo Feng. But, it couldn’t be helped, Luo Feng was faster than him by a large margin.

Hua!

The blood shadow blade instantly left behind a terrifying flash. This silver flash was invincible, slashing through space itself, leaving behind torn fragments of space and creating a silver milky way…the flash of the blade formed a milky way!

With that milky way…

It couldn’t be stopped!

Rumble! The shocked Wei Yi undying was instantly torn to shreds.

Moon Policy first form…Milky Way Across the sky!

Hua!

Hua!

Another two flashes and two more milky ways appeared in the space, one tearing apart the Wei Yi lady and another rushing straight at the wolf head demon.

Three Milky ways!

Attacking three undyings!

Howl…

The body of the wolf head man instantly broke apart, a powerful howl erupted as a huge gold scaled beast with a wolf head but with a horn on top appeared. Its head’s scales had incomparably complex engravings.

One of the royal demon empires, the Gold Fear race!

They were renowned for swallowing, they were somewhat similar to a weakened Golden horned beast.

“Captain, I lost 3% of my undying body.”

“I lost 2% of my undying body.”

The two Wei Yi undyings reformed their bodies in mid air, as their eyes filled with rage and shock. They had just recently completed their undying bodies, hence they weren’t fully stable yet. However they were barely official level. To damage their undying bodies…one had to at least have barely emperor strength or close to emperor ability!

Indeed.

The current Luo Feng and his human body did have close to emperor strength.

His basic strength was 1,000 times that of a normal sector lord, which was at a low official level.

In terms of skill, over 1,000 years of creating his techniques and studying the Beast god statue, with it in hand, it allowed him to reach the beast god presence of passing the Heavenly bridge’s 18th level. This was already at the emperor level.

As for his usage of the blade, he had created the pinnacle technique Moon Policy!

The three had combined!

Skill and bladework with the increase in body strength, this allowed him to have close to emperor level strength. Afterall, the true pinnacle emperors…like Bloodthirst emperor, Fantasy spirit etc, the techniques they created were only Top class level. But, Luo Feng’s blade work was indeed very intrepid.

“A human sector lord with close to emperor level strength? If we kill him, how much points would we get? He may be slightly stronger than me, but it can’t be by that much. The two Wei Yi idiots just finished their undying bodies, and they have yet to stabilize it. Even I have the ability to damage 1% of their bodies at a time.” The Gold Fear race demon’s eyes were burning, “And this human is just a sector lord, he doesn’t even have an undying body. The worst case scenario…I’ll burn some of my undying energy and give it my all to kill him. Such a genius, his points should be akin to an emperor.”

Killing a sector lord genius had a much higher reward than killing a similar level undying.

Sector lord with the strength of an emperor.

Killing him would give indeed give him the points akin to actually killing an emperor.

“The two of them actually got injured, and their undying bodies were damaged?” Luo Feng glanced at the two Wei yi undyings, “So weak, my earth body only has close to emperor strength! And not even a true emperor!”

Howl…

The distant Gold fear demon rushed over and opened its mouth. A terrifying suction strength immediately acted on Luo Feng’s body. He probably wouldn’t dare forcefully swallow a similar level pinnacle official, but a human sector lord, even if he was strong, he was still human without an undying body.

He immediately attempted to swallow him!

The sky and land grew dark as the powerful space energy acted on his body.

“Hmph.” Luo Feng instantly took out the undying star eating plant that instantly swelled and covered 100,000 km of space.”

“Let’s see how you swallow this.” Luo Feng’s other body was the Golden horned beast. Naturally he was clear on the weakness of this ability. The swallowing area had a limit. A 100,000 km diameter plant was something the demon had no way of swallowing.

Howl…

The demon was forced to stop abruptly as it howled, countless gold lights appeared in the surrounding space, and within this gold domain…the demon rushed at Luo Feng.

“Be my training partner. Once I’m done, the Golden horned beast will kill you and get the points.”

Luo Feng wielded his blood shadow blade and instantly rushed at him.


Chapter 795: Eliminate Early

In the air above the vast desert, a huge terrifying Gold Fear demon was battling against a black armored man. The battle was intense as the both of them were fighting at close combat.

Pu Chi!

The Slash that left behind slits in the space only managed to slice through the scales and skin of the Gold fear demon. Even though gold blood spewed out, with his undying energy flowing within his body, such injuries meant nothing to him.

Howl…the demon clawed at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng flashed about, instantly dodging his attacks while attacking again.

His blade flashed!

Across the skies!

“Despicable human!” The demon howled after fighting for awhile. “He’s too cunning, he’s dodging and hiding abilities are simply too good, I cannot even hurt him.” He had initially thought he’d engage in close combat with the advantage of his undying body, thinking it would be incredibly easy to kill him. However, he realized that the human was simply too fast. Even after so many exchanges, he only managed to clash blades once in awhile, without even harming him once.

Anxious, rage!

“Killing this human will be very hard, unless I burn my undying body.” The beast recognized the fact.

“I have to report to the alliance.” It thought. “A human sector lord with strength close to an emperor, he’s definitely an absolute genius. Even with just the report, if confirmed, I will get quite some points.”

The beast immediately began his report via his device in his world ring.

“I’m on Yan Ji main continent, my coordinates are…”

“I’ve discovered a human sector lord proficient in blade work. I believe that he’s the star eating sector lord from Fog island. His true strength is a little stronger than a pinnacle official, and closer to emperor. My two Wei Yi underlings had just gotten their undying bodies, and his attack actually damaged their undying bodies.” The gold fear beast reported.

A pity.

The communication systems of the demon race was simply too weak. It was unable to even send images, and was only capable of mental communication. Even the confirmation of the contribution points will be taken care of only after the report reached the base. The human virtual universe network’s synchronized broadcast on the other hand could easily confirm the battle situation, sending points immediately.

“My blade is actually able to pressure this Gold fear demon. Combined with my movement skill, it’s perfect.” Luo Feng was excited as he battled, “The feeling of battling in the outer region wars sure is different from the virtual universe.”

In the virtual universe, one would subconsciously recognize.

It was all simulated.

All of them were fake.

This was a natural instinct.

Even if it did have the ability to train his techniques, it was unable to produce the feeling of fear and caution within Luo Feng. The outer region wars however were different. The enemy may produce surprise tactics at any time, he didn’t dare get careless at any time. Like this Gold Fear beast, the moment he burned his undying body, he would instantly have emperor level strength. Of course that was akin to burning his soul, and unless it was truly necessary, he wouldn’t do so.

“Training complete.”

“Time to let the Golden horned beast appear.” Luo Feng immediately used his first scanning device to jam the enemy’s devices. Simultaneously from afar, a huge silver silhouette appeared. It’s high speed movement made it seem like a blur, it rushed straight at the two Wei Yi undyings.

…

“They are actually in a stalemate.”

“Accurately speaking, the captain is losing.” The two Wei Yi undyings watching the fight from the distance were both stunned.

“No problem, the captain has an undying body. Even though he’s losing, there’s no danger, and the moment he burns 2-5% of his undying body, he’ll settle the human quickly. Even though almost all of the points will go to him, as long as we get a little, that’s still something.”

The two Wei Yi undyings were chatting when they suddenly felt a terrifying pressure.

“What!”

They turned fiercely and their compound eyes saw an incredibly glaring silver light tearing past space. It slashed past space like it was tofu, they didn’t even have time to react as the silver light sliced past them!

This wasn’t some silver light, it was the silver beast’s Sha Wu wings.

Wings like a blade, sturdy and piercing, slashing past everything!

Weng…

Weng…

The two low officials had already lost some of the undying bodies when the human Luo Feng slashed them. As the Sha Wu wings sliced them apart, the space energy from the wings instantly caused their bodies to degrade and get reduced to nothing.

The beast flapped its wings and headed straight for Luo Feng and the Gold fear demon.

The gold fear demon had discovered the silver beast the moment it attacked the two Wei Yi undyings. However, when it discovered they were instantly destroyed, the demon was completely shocked.

“What.”

“Emperor undying.”

“Definitely an emperor. Since it’s so relaxed, it’s definitely not a low emperor, at least a high level emperor!” The demon was filled with fear. “No wonder the scanning device couldn’t detect it, its scanning device must be much more advanced than mine, damn, what beast is this.”

“Flee, flee, flee!”

The Gold fear demon couldn’t care about the human genius anymore, immediately fleeing.

“Flee!” Luo Feng pretended to be shocked too as he turned and fled.

One human and one demon, were both fleeing.

“Hope that emperor undying chases that human.” The demon thought within. “Go chase that human, ah, why are you chasing me? He’s caught up!”

Hu!

The Sha Wu wings flapped and the golden horned beast instantly caught up with the demon.

Hua La! The wings acted like blades. Moon Policy was firstly created as a winged attack, and was especially used with the Sha Wu wings. Even though it was altered to be used as a blade technique, it was obviously much more wanton and carefree as a winged attack.

The silver light slashed past he space.

The Gold fear demon was sliced in half, fresh blood along with its organs could be clearly seen. The blood and organs seemed to be held by a formless power, as the two bodies quickly rejoined.

“I lost 6% of my undying body?”

The demon was extremely shocked, “This is a pinnacle emperor, pinnacle emperor!”

It was a pinnacle official.

To easily harm a pinnacle official’s body, one had to have a pinnacle emperor’s strength.

“Spare me, spare me.” The demon immediately communicated.

Pu chi!

Pu Chi!

The golden horned beast flashed over and over, slashing the demon countless times. Its speed was simply too fast. The moment his body reformed, he was sliced apart again, instantly losing 50% of his undying body.

“Spare me senior, don’t force me!” The demon was worried.

Hua!

The beast attacked again and it made the demon fall into despair.

“Go and die!!!” The demon howled and used the remaining energy within to self destruct. The countless years of accumulation of his undying body, it held terrifying amounts of energy. It instantly exploded and the force of the explosion instantly reached the level of a pinnacle emperor’s level of attack.

Rumble…

Hundreds of thousands of km of the space above the desert was instantly torn apart, countless space fragments were shredded.

The Golden horned beast had immediately flashed away the moment it discovered the undying demon was about to self destruct, simultaneously hiding behind the Sha Wu wings. The wings grew in size and completely covered the beast as it was knocked back a few hundred km before stopping.

The Sha Wu wings had diffused over 90% of the force. Even though the remaining force exceeded the 10,000 sector lord limit of its general armor, the armor still diffused 90% of the remaining force. That little force remaining was only about over 6,000 sector lord strength, it was but a tickle to the golden horned beast.

…

Luo feng, who was pretending to flee stopped too, it quickly let the beast collect the items left behind and put him back in his internal world.

“Powerful.”

“My Beast god presence is already at the 18th level, and with my pinnacle technique.” Luo Feng thought. “However, my body structure side is only still at the basic emperor level, with the 3 together…it gives me a high emperor strength.”

“The Sha Wu wings are simply too powerful, the space energy it produces sure is terrifying.”

“It’s able to harm even a pinnacle official’s body.”

Luo Feng was extremely happy.

He took the items from the three officials and produced another ship, swiftly leaving.

Within the management department of the demons in the outer region wars.

“Confirmed report.”

“A human sector lord with close to emperor level strength has been discovered on Yan Ji main continent. He should be an absolute genius of humanity, ranking among the top 100 of human sector lord geniuses.”

Looking at the result produced by the AI.

Two completely black colored puppets sat there.

“Having close to emperor strength, he should be a core genius of one of the five leviathans, like the primal region sector lords of the Virtual Universe Company. Even though there are a 100 of them, only 1/3rd of them are probably able to reach close to emperor level strength.” A completely black bodied man with a lion head said seriously.

Indeed.

There were indeed over a hundred human geniuses that had close to emperor level! Those sector lords that have trained for up to millions of years, their law comprehension would at least reach up to the 18th level. Combined with their trump cards and techniques, they could produce close to emperor level strength. However…

Close to emperor level, just that alone was very difficult to kill a low level official.

“I didn’t expect the star eating sector lord of Fog island to have such strength. He had only killed normal undyings back then, battling with the weak officials of Fog island. Now he actually has close to emperor level strength.” Another black bodied puppet with 99 miniature heads spoke.

“The human geniuses are all well hidden, it’s hard to find one. For such a genius, to be that powerful at sector lord level, the moment he becomes undying, he’s set to become an emperor. And he could very likely be a high emperor, or even pinnacle emperor. When he gets an undying body, killing him would cost tens of millions of times more. Even though his strength is not weak now, he still doesn’t have an undying body, and killing him is still easy. Such a threat… should be eliminated as early as possible.” The lion head demon said.

“Hm.” The puppet with 99 heads nodded, “I’ll immediately report this and let the upper management give the order.”


Chapter 796: Vanishing Without a Trace

In the desolate regions of Yan Ji main continent, there was an ancient palace that lay amidst endless ice mountains. No one knew when it was built, however it had become Purple Sky Emperor of the demon race’s territory.

“The captain’s mood hasn’t been too good recently. I just heard her scolding the vice captain earlier. We’ve been on the Yan Ji main continent for close to 10,000 years, and yet I’ve never seen her so troubled.”

“Right, however I heard that she’s this troubled because of a human genius.”

“Really?”

“I’m not sure, I just heard that.”

Two demon undyings in their puppet bodies were discussing secretly, they were both members of the renowned Purple sky team of Yan Ji main continent.

Purple sky team!

It was one of the teams that was well known,and its captain Purple sky emperor was an emperor undying of the demon race, who had the ability to teleport. The vice captain was also a low level emperor, and almost all of the other members were pinnacle official. The weakest was at high level official level!

Such a team, naturally it was renowned within the main continent.

Even though it was powerful, it couldn’t be called invincible!

…

Within the depths of the palace.

A lady with an incredibly beautiful fox head wore a black robe. Her puppet body wasn’t too different from her real body, her expression and gaze were also incredibly alluring.

“Bastard.”

“Plaus that bastard, he actually dares to provoke me.” The wolf head lady was incredibly angry. “Luckily the upper echelon are wise, can they blame me? It’s been a year since I got the mission and none of the members in the entire demon alliance in Yan Ji continent have even seen the human sector lord. If they cant even find him…how will I kill him? How will I do it?”

“Plaus, he dares to call me useless.”

“Can they blame me?”

“This idiot, he’s definitely enticed by the contribution points. By killing a human sector lord who’s points given were akin to an emperor, it’s hard to blame him.”

“It’s a pity that you wont get it, idiot.”

Purple sky emperor cursed.

Within, she was sullen…

Even though she was an emperor with teleportation, normally official and emperor levels all had undying bodies. With her ability, she could at most kill a pinnacle official, as for emperor warriors…there wasn’t a single emperor on the entire Yan Ji continent that could have a 100% guarantee of killing one!

A low level emperor was incredibly hard to kill!

A high level emperor was naturally even harder.

Hence…

To kill a human sector lord and still get points akin to an emperor, this was naturally incredibly lucrative! Her close to 10,000 years of points probably didn’t even add up to a tenth of this mission! Hence when she got the mission…she was extremely excited!

One had to know that even though they were on Yan Ji main continent, the demon race had only two emperors. However there were a total of 329 emperors in the demon alliance!

The demon race had a lot of subservient races afterall. Along with some others that weren’t subservient…but those who come along form a distant location to be part of the demon race to take part in the outer region wars added up to the 329 emperors on the main continent under the demon alliance.

This mission was one that everybody eyed!

However, the internal department of the demons naturally passed off such missions to their own. Since Purple sky emperor had teleportation, hence she got the job. Back then, it had made many others jealous, but it was useless as this was an order from the top.

Purple sky was very happy, she couldn’t wait to go kill the human sector lord.

All of the members in the demon alliance on Yan Ji continent were given the order to immediately report if they discovered the human sector lord with strength akin to an official!

The moment they determined the location, Purple sky emperor would immediately teleport over.

One or two light years of distance was very easy to teleport to.

It could be said…

That the entirety of Yan Ji main continent was within her teleportation range, she could instantly reach any location within the continent. The moment she got a report…she would immediately teleport over to kill the human sector lord and acquire the huge amount of points.

What a simple job!

“Useless.”

“The information department sure is lousy. It’s been a year and no reports have come over, no one has even discovered the human sector lord.” She raged within. Being able to see the prize and yet not get it was hard to swallow. The upper echelon gave her the opportunity to get so many points and yet there hadn’t been a single report.

“Human sector lord!”

“I don’t believe that you’ll stay hidden forever. Our demon alliance takes up a quarter of the main continent. Hence, I don’t believe no one will bump into you. As long as you reveal yourself, you’ll be dead! Dead.” Purple sky grit her teeth. She was waiting in anticipation while not knowing when it would happen was hard to bear.

At this time, Luo Feng didn’t even know he had become an important target for the demon race.

“Die!”

A glaring silver flash slashed past the air above the ocean, the space was instantly torn apart as a milky way covered the skies. The short half a meter tall other race undying was instantly slashed in two He was still relaxed before, but after reforming, he was filled with fear and shock as he discovered he lost 18% of his undying body.

“How can this be? How can this be?” The official undying was extremely shocked.

Hua!

Hua!

A few more silver slashes, the undying couldn’t even escape, only managing to self destruct at the last moment…the battle had ended.

“Hu!” Amidst the ripples, Luo Feng floated in space, a black pair of wings flapping behind him.

“Undying bodies are sure hard to kill.”

“The first time I came to Yan Ji main continent, the earth body had hurt the Wei Yi undyings, that was truly lucky. Those two undying bodies were probably still very weak and new. Now however… I am coming across the stronger basic officials, and I’m unable to hurt them relying on my blade alone.” Luo Feng shook his head. “Using my blade is ineffective against them, I have to rely on the Sha Wu wings! The Sha Wu wings sure are powerful, even though the earth body is much weaker and can only trigger a pitiful amount of its space energy, I am still able to kill a low level official already.”

“Hm.”

“Time to leave.”

Luo Feng collected the goods and sat in his ship, leaving far from the battlefield.

Within the ship.

Luo Feng sat in the control room. Same old rules applied, he closed off his first device’s jamming abilities and using his second device normally.

“The Sha Wu wings sure are useful.”

“With it, the earth body that could only kill an undying general before can now kill a low level official. And the Golden horned beast…can kill a pinnacle official.”

“And the wings also make the enemies unable to sense my power level accurately.”

“Hehe…”

He laughed happily.

When he first came to the main continent, clashing with the Gold fear demon and Wei Yi undyings, Luo Feng realized a problem… “There were too many powerful warriors on the main continent, totally unlike Fog island. There, a low official can become a tyrant, with only ten or so of them. In this main continent however… I heard there are over a 1,000 emperors.”

These were facts.

Even though the humans only had three emperors on the main continent! However there were many other subservient races under humanity and its alliances. Together, they had a few hundred emperors. Afterall, this included tens of thousands of races. With one emperor for every ten races on the main continent, this made the number of emperors very high.

In total, the main continent had over a 1,000 emperors.

Naturally…

Compared to the large amounts of generals and officials, the emperor numbers were incredibly pitiful.

“There are many powerful warriors on Yan Ji continent.”

“I could still mess around on Fog island, however on the main continent, battling over and over with official pinnacles with the chance of meeting a low emperor. This could result in the other races targeting me, Teacher had warned me of this before, what can I do?” Luo Feng had pondered back then.

He quickly came up with an idea!

The Sha Wu wings!

The wings were a true treasure, and when used on the Golden horned beast, it completely hid the beast’s energy levels. The natural pressure it released…made the enemy think it was a powerful warrior.

One theory was.

The wings on the earth body could naturally hide his energy.

“I’m so smart.”

“Combining the earth body with the wings and controlling the pressure released, acting as a pinnacle official.”

The Golden horned beast with the wings can release more strength.”

“Hehe…”

“That way, a pinnacle official human becomes extremely normal here.” Luo Feng was very happy.

After which, he acted according to his plan.

Exploring the main continent, the beast and his human body would never appear simultaneously.

Some battles were for his earth body to train, and the beast would never reveal itself unless an unexpected danger presented itself. These battles were for him to work on his bladework and study Moon policy.

During some other battles, the human body wouldn’t even show himself, and used the Golden horned beast from the beginning combined with the Sha Wu wings. These battles were mainly for accumulating contribution points. Afterall, the efficiency of the beast in collecting points was much higher.

…

These were the two types of battles.

One was for training and the other was for points.

Luo Feng was having a blast on the main continent. It had been a year since his battle with the Wei Yi undyings. There had been six battles and he had encountered ten other undyings. During which, he used his earth body to battle three of them and three for the Golden horned beast. He killed a total of five officials and three generals.

The efficiency was very high.

“A low official is not even worth me training my blade work. I have to find powerful warriors, like a high official to give me a good challenge.” Luo Feng was very excited. Battling the many other races along with their many techniques and methods gave him an excitement from the hunt.


Chapter 797: Walking Alongside the River

Time passed, and in the blink of an eye, Luo Feng had been on the Yan Ji main continent for three years now.

He had had a very fulfilling three years, battling and training as he improved. Most of his time was spent studying the battles, laws and Beast god presence, while studying his techniques and so on. He had a total of fifteen battles over these three years, killing twenty two official undyings and nineteen generals.

Of which eighteen officials and thirteen generals were killed by the Golden horned beast, while the human body only killed four officials and nine generals. He had relied on the Sha Wu wings to kill the officials.

This made Luo Feng feel that…

He was still very weak!

Even though his comprehension speed was fast, having only trained for a few thousands years, the other primal region sector lords couldn’t hold a candle to his efficiency. However, those that had trained for up to a million years were close to his level of comprehension, they were all official level standard.

And the top twenty three were close to emperor level standard.

The top few all had comprehension levels reaching the eighteenth level of the heavenly bridge.

However, they were all still extremely far from Ke Di’s level. As the law comprehension got harder and harder the more one trained, True Yan was stuck on the 20th level, spending trillions of years and yet still being unable to pass the twenty first level. The levels towards the end were much harder. Breaking through from the eighteenth to the nineteenth was almost akin to the difficulty of the first to eighteenth levels added together.

The difficulty compounded as it grew.

Hence, even though the eighteenth to the twentieth may seem short, almost every generation of primal region sector lords all reach the eighteenth However, to reach the twentieth…it probably took ten million eras for one.

…

These three years, Luo Feng had made a name for himself.

The golden horned beast had killed pinnacle officials. Even though only two out of the eighteen were pinnacle officials, the name of the beast had spread wide. Afterall, many of the 18 were high officials, this was something only a high level emperor could do.

The strong were numerous on the main continent, with countless races, yet there were only over a thousand emperors.

Every one of them had their own reputation.

The Golden horned beast always appeared as the silver beast, and since its winged attacks were terrifying, naturally it got the nickname silver winged emperor. As for the earth body? He was considered a very normal standard on the main continent, naturally it didn’t attract any attention.

The fourth year Luo Feng was on the main continent, within the automaton virtual base.

“Ci Wei Ka.” In the streets, a tall automaton youth suddenly shouted.

“Senior.”

His body was mainly silver, and there was some gold at its waist and shoulder areas. From a glance, it looked like a handsome alloy automaton youth was lowering its head in respect.

“Ci Wei Ka, how are your gains in the outer region wars?” The tall youth smiled and asked.

“I’ve already completed 51.2% of the master’s mission, I’m currently in the seventh battlefield’s Yan Ji main continent. There are many other powerful warriors here, my efficiency will keep rising, killing over a thousand more almost official levels will probably help me accomplish the goal.” The handsome youth smiled. The automaton race had very unique differences from the other races because every one of them were born as living AIs, as living AIs…

They were born recognizing their master.

Within the race, a knight would naturally make some undyings recognize it as their master!

The powerful leader of the automaton race, who was comparable to the primal chaos city leader would naturally make some knights recognize it as their master! These processes were carried out much earlier. Unless their strengths were to some day exceed their master’s, only then would the master remove the binding, if not they were bound by their roles forever.

The entire automaton race had this pyramid hierarchy.

One universe master controlled large amount of knights, the knights controlled even more undyings!

They had emotions, they could feel rage, jealousy, excited, happiness and so on. However, the master binding was something within their core, the moment their masters were picked, they would definitely abide by them, without a single thought of betrayal. While they may feel jealous of some other comrades, they would remain completely loyal to their master!

The pyramid hierarchy ruled all!

This was the automaton race, a definite level of strictness, without even a single thought of betrayal. This was a terrifying race.

“Completed 51.2%? Ci Wei Ka, you sure are exceptional. It’s no wonder the master pampers you.” The tall youth laughed oddly.

“My debt to the master, I will naturally give it my all in return.” The handsome youth remained humble, maintaining his respect.

“Very good, keep up the good work, hurry and become an emperor.” The tall youth ordered.

“Yes senior, I will definitely work hard and learn from you.” The handsome youth lowered his head.

“Hm.”

The tall automaton youth replied, leaving the youth Ci Wei Ka alone after. Inside however he was indignant, “Hmph, isn’t he just a weak ship living AI that accompanied the master back then, having life or death experiences with the master. Now he’s only an official pinnacle, yet the master pampers him more than me! Hmph…if the master hadn’t helped you out that much, how could you kill so many officials? You make it sound so easy, finishing your mission after killing another thousand or so more, hmph…let’s hope you fall in the battlefield!”

The handsome youth glanced at his senior leaving, his eyes gleaming coldly.

“These followers the master collected, especially the emperors, they are all stronger than me, and give me guidance. But, what a bunch of idiots. When I was going through life or death situations with the master, where were you all! Hmph, you are jealous of the relationship I have with the master? If it weren’t for the race rules, forcing me to show respect to the higher level comrades, I wouldn’t even be bothered with you all.” Ci Wei Ka was unsatisfied within.

He looked down on these emperors.

The master treated him like a brother, why would he bother with the emperors.

“I can meet the master and report straight to him. Hmph, these punks…they probably have to wait just to meet the master.” Ci Wei Ka rubbed his nose and looked up, heading towards where his master was.

The virtual world created by the automaton race could spread within a star region.

Hence every one of the hundreds of regions the race had, they each had one virtual world.

Even though they were scattered in different regions, everyone was able to communicate with the main base. With that as the main coordinator, naturally…this was all very complicated, and the normal automaton warriors didn’t have the right to enter. Ci Wei Ka, through the special virtual world set up in the outer region wars by the automaton race, he could use his consciousness to enter the main base.

Only then could it communicated with his master.

The automaton virtual main base was called Indigo world.

…

A pyramid ship flew in the air above Yan Ji main continent.

“Ha!”

The automaton youth dressed in his jade green armor opened his eyes and smiled, “The master treats me well. I only have to complete 80% of the mission for him to give me a treasure. If the other jealous seniors knew about this, they would probably erupt in rage. However, so what?”

“Idiots.”

“Even though in terms of strength alone, I cannot match them. However in true battle…our automaton race is afterall known for its usage of treasures and methods. With the many treasures and trump cards the master gave me, I can even deal with emperors. If forced into a corner, I can even harm a pinnacle emperor.”

Ci Wei Ka was that confident.

Because he had killed many officials these past year years, he naturally formed a sense of confidence from his experience.

“Ah?”

“This human sector lord…scanning device, project!”

Ci Wei Ka ordered.

Immediately, he could see the 3D image projected, and in it was a black armored human sector lord seated there crossed legged. “Human sector lord? Yan Ji main continent actually has a human sector lord?” He rubbed his alloy nose, frowning. “His scanning device is pretty advanced, even only the pinnacle officials of our race will have such a device. If it’s the other races…normally only emperors would have such.”

“A weak human sector lord actually has such an advanced device.”

“Luckily…”

“My device was given to me from my master. It’s much more advanced than even the emperors of our automaton race!” Ci Wei Ka slapped his alloy chair, standing up, “This punk is still training, he hasn’t detected me…his background must be huge.”

“He may have special human treasures on him!”

“And he may very likely be an absolute genius of humanity. Even if that is not the case, his background alone must be huge. However the bigger the better, that means his wealth would be even more shocking. The more of a genius he is…the higher the contribution points will be.” His eyes gleamed, other race warriors didn’t care about their backgrounds at all.

“Get close!”

“I want to kill this human sector lord.” Ci Wei Ka ordered.

The low cost pyramid ship immediately headed to where Luo Feng was training.

…

There was a saying, walking alongside the river for long periods of time, how could one’s shoes not get wet.

Luo Feng had relied on his scanning device to fight whoever he wanted these past three years, jamming whoever he didn’t want to fight. However…when the enemy’s device was more advanced than his, that power naturally belonged to the enemy.

At this time, Luo Feng didn’t even know about the danger, and part of his consciousness was in the virtual universe.

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain, nine star bay, within his residence, a private movie hall.

Luo feng and Xu Xin were enjoying a movie.

There were just the two of them.

“This is much better than the movies of earth.” Xu Xin said softly. Luo Feng held his wife’s hand and smiled, “The geniuses of the universe creating movies, whether it’s the story line or the virtual effects etc, they are all much more exciting. Naturally it gives a more thrilling experience.”

The couple chatted softly while watching.

This was their way of maintaining their relationship.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s expression suddenly changed.

“What’s the matter?” Xu Xin was shocked.

“Sorry my wife.” Luo Feng smiled apologetically and vanished, returning to reality. He had encountered a dangerous situation.

Xu Xin suddenly stood up, nervous.

She knew Luo Feng was in the outer region wars, naturally she was incredibly worried.


Chapter 798: Trouble

Yan Ji main continent, within an ancient underground palace.

The walls of this palace had ancient sacrificial pictures, and they had faint law ripples. Over trillions of years, they had yet to be fully destroyed. Luo Feng was shocked when he first saw them. Who knew what life forms lived here countless years ago.

He sat crossed legged in the palace.

Suddenly…

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Nine light pillars simultaneously pierced through the thick stone layer, hitting the palace directly. The brute force of the lasers instantly broke part the palace, even the space around was ripped apart as large amount of rubble flew about.

Luo Feng only awoke when the nine pillars were hit.

“Not good!”

Black armor extended over his body, protecting his entire body as he swiftly lifted the Beast god shield. A powerful glaring beam of light rippled onto Luo Feng as it shot through the palace. The power of the lasers were already reduced by half after piercing through the stone layer. It first hit was on Luo Feng’s beast god shield, allowing him to dodge in time.

Darkness ensued, the underground palace crumbled.

Luo Feng flew backwards too.

“Where is it from?” Luo Feng immediately adjusted and flew through the torn space. Hua la la! He pierced through the deep caves and surfacing out of the cave.

He looked up and was shocked!

In all directions…

There were a total of nine pyramid ships. It was clear from their positions that the nine laser beams were shot from these nine ships.

“Automaton ships?” Luo Feng frowned. “Automaton ships, Babata, can the scanning device detect these nine ships.”

“Luo Feng, the scanners are unable to determine the target. They are probably totally jammed, the enemy has a more advanced scanner than ours.” Babata communicated mentally back, “Someone with a device more advanced than ours. Luo Feng, you need to be very careful, his strength could very likely be emperor level.”

Luo Feng was very calm.

Luo Feng could tell from the surface energy barriers of the nine pyramid ships that every one of them was much more expensive than his Yun Mo planet ship.

“Where is he from?” Luo Feng was shocked. “Just these nine ships are all better than my Yun Mo planet ship? From the feel of it…the energy barriers are very strong, maybe only if I let the golden horned beast out will I be able to harm the nine ships.”

Strong warrior.

A true strong warrior of the automaton race, this wasn’t the same automaton warrior that went after the same treasure as Hu Yan Bo, that undying back then was only at general level. He wasn’t that powerful, and his ship was only a pinnacle E grade. How could it compare to this warrior that could so easily brandish nine extremely expensive pyramid ships?

“Bastard, I can’t find a trace of him.” Luo Feng was worried.

This was the first time…

He had the taste of having an opponent with a better scanning device than himself. He had always toyed with the other opponents before, fighting and fleeing as he felt like. Now that power was completely in the hands of the enemy,

“Sou!”

Luo Feng paused for a short 0.01 seconds in mid air before swiftly fleeing.

…

“Little punk, trying to flee?”

“Hahaha, toying with a human sector lord that dared to come to the main continent sure is fun.” Millions of km away from Luo Feng, Ci Wei Ka watched the scene in his control room with interest. When Luo Feng tried to flee, he instantly ordered, “Attack!”

The nine dormant ships suddenly rumbled and their bottom parts tore open, revealing a few hundred meter wide cabin doors.

Hua hua hua…

Almost like locusts flying out, black automaton puppets shot out like lightning. The nine ships simultaneously shot out large amounts of black puppets. Theoretically, these nine ships were all 1,800m tall, and with the engine within the ship, it was unable to fit too many puppets. However, at this moment, they flew out continuously. Almost in a blink of an eye, over a million black puppets had flown out of each ship.

“Nine million!”

Looking at the nine directions, a blur of countless black puppets covered the skies. Luo Feng was stunned.

These puppets were all 10m tall, and completely black. They carried axes, blades etc on their backs, all sorts of weapons.

“Just where is this guy from, this, is too absurd.”

“Nine million F9 grade puppets, and everyone of them is completely made of F9 grade metal Black Swan essence. Even if the costs are economized, every one of them is still made of so much metal, a single one alone should be worth ten mixed elements.”

“Nine million would be ninety million mixed elements!”

“Spending such a huge fortune to buy a sea of puppets, this, this is too extravagant. Just where is this guy from?” There was a saying that a sharp blade worked better. Similarly, ninety million mixed elements worth of wealth would do better being spent on precious treasures or weapons.

But for ninety million puppets?

Truly controlling each with precision, normally one million was the limit, and anymore would definitely be a waste.

Weng! The nine ships that shot out one million F9 puppets each. The closest one to Luo Feng had its puppets simultaneously gather energy within their chests.

Rumble!

A million light beams shot at Luo Feng, they formed a huge 100m in diameter pillar of light.

Sou!” Luo Feng wielded the beast god shield and swiftly dodged.

Weng… Weng… Weng… Weng… Weng… Weng… Weng… Weng…

Nine ships took turns to gather energy and attack in turns. As the distance got closer, from the 3rd attack on, Luo Feng was unable to dodge no matter how fast he was. He could only rely on the Beast god shield and his soldier armor to defend, blocking the terrifying attacks.

Luo Feng immediately unleashed his movement techniques, flying straight towards a group of the puppets.

The puppets however dispersed simultaneously. The other eight armies pressed in close. No matter how he escaped, the nine groups all maintained a suitable distance. Whichever way he fled, the army there would disperse and the others would close in.

As such, Luo Feng was trapped.

“Bastard.”

“This too vulgar.”Luo Feng was worried.

The distance between him and the armies allowed them to hit him over and over.

…

“Hm?” He actually consecutively blocked twenty of my energy attacks? Every one of them is akin to full blast from a pinnacle official.” Ci Wei Ka, who was controlling the puppets from a distance was stunned, “This human sector lord sure isn’t ordinary. The shield he uses to deflect my attacks is completely undamaged, it even disperses a large amount of the force, hehe…”

“Begin the three army combined attacks.” Ci Wei Ka ordered casually.

When the nine armies began surrounding Luo Feng, they attacked in turns one by one, Luo Feng was unable to escape and was trapped.

After withstanding twenty attacks, the nine armies began to combine three armies together and attack. The force of the attack was too huge, actually this was probably the limit of the nine armies. Afterall they were all in different positions, they could only at most gather three armies to attack at once.

However, Luo Feng once again withstood the attacks.

“Trigger the energy!”

“Flame simulation, Trap formation.” Ci Wei Ka ordered again. “Even a true pinnacle official would be trapped, much less this punk. To waste so much of my energy, you should be proud.”

The originally countless dumb automaton puppets instantly lit up with a glaring red light, the powerful energies of the ninety million puppets made Luo Feng’s expression change. “This, this…what powerful energy. These aren’t cheap metal lumps, and their energy cores are very advanced. Just one of them alone would be worth a few hundred mixed elements. Altogether, this will be…at least a few billion mixed elements!”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Passing the domain lord primal region sky mountain before and getting three billion points in reward, he had thought was already very impressive.

However the scene before him.

Ninety million F9 grade puppets, and every one of them was highly advanced, and they were not simply metal lumps. Just like back when he was in Tai Wo and Poison’s team, being attacked by the automaton warrior before, the enemy simply used puppets that had simple cores that relied on the thunder hell for energy. Compared to these ninety million, they were pitiful.

“Spending billions of mixed elements so easily?” Luo Feng was stunned, he understood too, “Since he’s poured so much wealth into it, these nine armies definitely have more than simple combined attacks.”

Weng!

900 puppets burned with flames on their surface. Hua! they gathered as one, all of them brandished the weapons from their back, be it axes, blades etc.

Suddenly one army of the nine had its puppets all rush straight at Luo Feng with their weapons.

Di!

The flame energy passed through their blades and swiftly formed a huge red beam of light, rushing at Luo Feng.

A million red lights gathered as one, shooting from all directions, it formed a net like structure, stretching around Luo Feng.

“Terrifying.” Luo Feng shuddered within, clearly feeling the countless red light net surrounding him.

He couldn’t match its strength!

If he fought back, he would be trapped and wouldn’t be able to escape, this was what he felt.

Rumble!

Luo Feng vanished.

Howl…a huge silver winged beast appeared in mid air, a terrifying pressure emanating throughout.

This scene caused the distant Ci Wei Ka to change his expression, “Silver wing emperor? This human sector lord is actually a puppet controlled by the silver wing emperor? Or is this emperor his guardian?”


Chapter 799: Nine Absolute God Country

Over the three years, since the Golden horned beast created a name for itself as the Silver winged emperor, it became quite a renowned being on the main continent. The automaton youth Ci Wei Ka frowned, “A human who is able to withstand the attacks of my armies, he’s definitely an absolute genius, and is not one to become another’s soul puppet. There’s a higher possibility of this silver winged emperor being his bodyguard. This human’s background must be huge.”

Indeed.

His teacher had given him the Beast god Armament and the Sha Wu wings, even the cheaper Beast god armament was a weapon the knights used, it was still extremely pricey. Much less the Sha Wu wings…a trillion races in the universe, the only other person who knew of the wonders of this item other than the user Luo Feng was the primal chaos city leader himself.

Such a treasure, if its power was divulged, it was enough to make even knights go crazy for. Even the entire wealth of a knight wouldn’t be able to afford it.

Of course Ci Wei Ka didn’t know Luo Feng had such a treasure, he only guessed that with his background, he had many treasures. Such an absolute genius was worth a lot of contribution points.

“Contribution points and the treasures he has.” Ci Wei Ka gritted his teeth, “I’ll give it my all.”

“Even if the cost is huge, it’ll be worth it.”

…

Luo Feng was being cornered too. Against the nine million F9 grade puppets attacking in formation, it was something the earth body couldn’t hold up against for long. And his other trump card, the bug army was suppressed too. Even though its attack was extremely powerful, these puppets were F9 grade and their strongest point was their defense!

One attack from the bug army!

May cause chaos amongst one million of the puppets and even problems within 10,000 of their cores. However there would be little loss of their F9 armors.

In comparison…

The moment the bug army was attacked by the other eight armies, the bug army was only sector lord pinnacle, their defense was not even comparable to a normal undying. Naturally they couldn’t compare to the defenses of the F9 metal. The losses would be tragic and heavy.

“The bug clan strength is their powerful attack, a million sector lord kings…can even heavily damage a pinnacle emperor!”

“Against a normal automaton army, it’s powerful attack can damage their internal cores.”

“However!”

“These F9 grade puppets are advanced both outside and inside. They are all extremely expensive to make. Every one of them costs more than a sector lord pinnacle king, they are extremely sturdy. I’m unable to disrupt their core from the outside. It would be a tragedy.” Luo Feng was very clear on this.

Different methods had their pros and cons.

Against the nine armies surrounding him, Luo Feng only had one way out, and that was to let the Golden horned beast appear. He had no other choice.

“I’ve been in the outer region wars for over 1,000 years, yet I’ve never been in such a situation before. Automaton scum, cry in despair.” Luo Feng raged and rushed into the sky. The Golden horned beast appeared in the air above the vast land. With a flap of its wings, it suddenly flashed and dodged the countless red threads.

With the help of the Sha Wu wings, plus its own physical abilities, its speed with strike travel was absurd.

Howl!

It let out an enraged howl.

It flapped its wings and rushed straight towards one of the million strong F9 puppet army. The army immediately began to flee while the other eight pushed forward instead, maintaining optimum position to surround and attack the beast.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Leaving behind three warps in mid air, the beast had reached sub light speed, simultaneously accelerating more, reaching close to light speed.

The million F9 puppets’ acceleration was much slower, they couldn’t even compare to Luo Feng’s earth body’s speed. They were only relying on the distance and support from the other armies, reaching sub light speed before the earth body could catch up. The Golden horned beast however was completely different!

Strike travel was originally a movement technique for wings.

The Sha Wu wings were adept at fleeing and dodging!

Even a pinnacle emperor, without teleportation wouldn’t be able to keep up with the beast!

Hua!

The million F9 puppets were just accelerating, before reaching sub light speed, the extremely fast Golden horned beast had already caught up. With a flash of its wings…spreading over a 100km area, it instantly covered the skies.

Howl! The beast howled.

It’s wings acted like blades!

It instantly clashed against the fleeing puppets. Just how huge were its wings, a few hundred km in area! Every one of the puppets was only 10m tall, even with a million gathered with some distance between them, it would at most spread over 1,000km.

Rumble…The beast rushed past the army.

Countless F9 puppets waved their weapons, clashing against the beast’s body. However, the weapons were simply knocked away, almost like play things being thrown about. The most peculiar thing was…with the attack of the Sha Wu wings, large amounts of the puppets actually lost the ability to move, swiftly falling from the sky.

…

“How can this be?”

“These are exceptional grade F class puppets, their energy cores are extremely sturdy. How can it lose its mobility after just one clash? One clash can actually make over 10,000 puppets stop moving?” Ci Wei Ka watched in disbelief at the scene.

…

The Golden horned beast let out an ear piercing howl and flapped its wings.

Luo Feng, who had initially thought it was not bad that one clash allowed him to damage over a 100 puppets was surprised to discover that as long as the Sha Wu wings flashed past the puppets, their F9 bodies may still be undamaged, but their cores would all be destroyed.

The reason was that the Sha Wu wing’s special space energy, that energy sent out threads of energy into the puppets.

Those threads…

As long as they touched the F9 puppets, it was over.

“Regret.”

“Regret with pain for attacking me.” The beast let out an excited howl, continuing to flap the Sha Wu wings, rushing over and over against the million strong army. A large amount of them fell from the sky, all losing their mobility. While rushing past them…the beast had continuously collected the puppets that had lost their mobility into its world ring.

Even though they couldn’t move, with repair, they could still be fixed.

A plaything worth a few hundred mixed elements each, even a damaged one would be worth tens of mixed elements.

In the blink of an eye…

The beast had collected hundreds of thousands of F9 puppets. The other puppets all fled madly in all directions, even the other eight million began to swiftly flee, flying towards the nine pyramid ships.

“Howl…” the beast flapped its wings and left three more warps in mid air, rushing to another army.

This time however he only got few tens of thousands of puppets, the rest had managed to flee.

…

The prerequisite to collecting them in his world ring was that they couldn’t resist. The moment there was resistance, the collection wouldn’t be successful. This was also why the beast could only collect those with damaged cores.

Of course, there were methods to forcefully collect them, like…its natural ability swallow.

Forcefully swallowing them all.

That was very dangerous, those with ability to resist, once that resistance grew too powerful, it may damage and ultimately collapse the beast’s internal world.

“Ya…” In the distance space, the automaton youth Ci Wei Ka grit his teeth and smiled coldly in his control room, “To take away so many of my puppets, Silver wing emperor, silver wing emperor, indeed an emperor undying and is very powerful. However, my property isn’t so easy to devour, I will make you spit everything out.”

“Nine absolute god country!”

“Activate!”

He gritted his teeth and ordered.

His master was an absolute automaton warrior that had explored the universe for countless years with him as a ship AI. The master treated him like a true brother and specially built a terrifying automaton weapon for him. Normally such weapons had incredibly high prerequisites to controlling them. Even the Sha Wu wings’ first form required Luo Feng to master the first level of the Nan Shen seven forms before he could use it.

To make it possible for Ci Wei Ka to use and manipulate the formidable power.

His master had spent a lot of money and energy to personally make this nine Absolute God country.

…

In mid air.

“Just where is the enemy hiding?” The Beast’s golden eyes gazed about. The countless F9 automaton puppets had all rushed back into the nine pyramids. In mid air, only the nine pyramid ships floated, the beast couldn’t find the true body of the automaton undying.

“Hu.”

It flapped its wings.

Rushing at one of the nine pyramids.

“This is the first time I’ve been so pressured in the outer region wars, and am unable to even find the enemy. However, I won’t let you go easy.” The beast flew towards the pyramid.

Weng! Weng! Weng! Weng! Weng! Weng! Weng! Weng! Weng!

The nine pyramids simultaneously shot out glaring purple lights.

Hu! A blur of purple lights shot out from the bottoms, almost like a special weapon. However before the beast could see everything clearly, the purple lights spread and countless beams shot in all directions, covering everything in light.

As they interweaved, parts of them trapped the Golden horned beast.

Howl…howl…The beast flapped its wings and struggled madly, slashing large amounts of the lights, however even more appeared.

The instant it was trapped, the pyramids had all connected.

Rumble!

The land and skies changed, everything before them vanished, leaving behind a purple space. The beast had totally been caught in the nine absolute god country.


Chapter 800: Pressured

When the Golden horned beast had fallen into the nine Absolute God country.

Virtual universe, Back Dragon Mountain, nine star bay. Xu Xin was praying for Luo Feng. “He has been in the outer region wars for over a thousand years and yet I’ve never seen him leave so hurriedly before…god, please protect Luo Feng.” Everytime Luo Feng experienced danger, his family would be most worried for him. This was also why he hardly ever told them when he was in danger.

…

At the same time.

The the dark universe, a completely black blade like ship was swiftly flying.

“Your majesty, we are still a day away from the travel point.”

“Your majesty, this is our first time to the outer region wars and we are heading straight to Yan Ji main continent? There are many powerful warriors there, your majesty just became an emperor, you are still a low emperor, there are even pinnacle emperors there…”

With a cold snort, the two underlings shut up.

This was a tall black armored youth. His appearance was like a stone statue, and he was completely hairless. The most eye catching thing about his look was his eyes, they were like red gems, they gave off a mysterious glow. His entire being emanated a powerful demonic black energy.

“It was hard for me to get the chance. While my relationship with the demon race is good, using their identity to enter the craziest battlefield in the primal universe…now that I’m here, how can I back down?” The black armored youth said coldly.

“Yes.”

“Yes.” The two official undyings replied respectfully.

“Hmph, relax, I’m afterall a low level emperor. Even if the other races have special techniques, they may be able to defeat me, but it’s impossible for them to kill me.” The youth shook his head confidently. “This is my opportunity to enter the upper echelon of the race, I cannot slack off.”

The two underlings listened obediently.

“Yan Ji main continent…” The black armored youth gazed at the vast dark universe, muttering.

When Xu Xin was praying for Luo Feng, the mysterious black armored youth was heading towards Yan Ji Main continent…

Luo Feng was trapped in a dangerous predicament.

…

A vast purple space gave off terrifying energy. The nine pyramids before had shot out large amounts of special weapons that floated in different positions. These special weapons, some were half meter tall puppets while another was a 100m long huge blade, another was a 0.1m tall special shaped puppet.

All sorts of shapes and forms!

Scattered in the corners of the purple space, swiftly gathering, the huge energy within the space underwent a huge shocking change.

A million special weapons instantly formed eighty one fully armored giants!

Eighty one giants, standing in the corners of the purple space, surrounding the Golden horned beast.

The shortest giant was 8m while the tallest was 80m.

“This is…” The beast floated in space. Its dark gold eyes were calmly analyzing the situtaion. He felt shocked within, “The countless weapons that gathered earlier, they seem to be made of G grade metals. These eighty one giants…they use G grade metals. Even if they aren’t pinnacle G grade, they would still be worth over ten billion mixed elements.”

G grade metal was very expensive.

Like the blood shadow blade and six edged shield he specially ordered, they were both made of G grade metals. Emperor level warriors normally used G grade metals. Afterall, F grade metals couldn’t withstand an emperor’s battle. To actually fight properly at that level…one had to use top level G grade metals.

Naturally, Luo Feng only bought a blade and shield. With his discounts, he only spent about six million points.

Just a blade and shield was more expensive than the Yun Mo planet ship.

G grade was obviously much more expensive than F9 grade metals. Emperor undyings normally only used G grade for little items, as they couldn’t afford to make a ship out of it. That would be something only the knights and above could afford. These eighty one giants before him, even if they were low grade G metals, they’d still be worth over ten billion mixed elements! This was comparable to an emperor’s wealth.

“Just where is this enemy from?” Luo Feng was shocked. Smiling coldly within, “No matter what, when I kill him, all these will become mine. This is worth much more than accumulating points.”

“Silver wing emperor!”

A booming voice resounded from the tallest purple giant, it spoke common automaton language.

The golden horned beast turned to face that purple giant. Compared to the over 100km long beast, that 80m tall giant was but a little person.

“Speak.” The beast spoke automaton language.

“You’ve collected 530,000 of my puppets. If you return them to me, I’m willing to release you.” The purple giant looked up at the huge beast. “You should know that my scanning device’s capabilities far exceeds yours. You won’t be able to detect me, but I can easily find you.”

The Beast was silent, its dark gold eyes gazing coldly at the giant.

“My eighty one giants…they are my final trump card, the nine Absolute god country’s eighty one gods.” The giant continued. “Why call them gods, because within this god country…every one of them has low level emperor strength, and this is individually. If I unleash my techniques within here, even if you were an emperor with an undying body, you’d still be heavily injured. You’d lose part of your undying body and it would take millions to tens of millions of years to recover.”

“If we fight it out.”

“It’s not worth it.”

“As long as you return the puppets, I will release you from the nine Absolute god country and let you leave safely.” The purple giant said.

The beast stared at the eighty one giants.

Gods?

Low emperor level strength?

“Whether we have a truce or fight it out, it’s up to you silver wing emperor.” The giant said.

…

In the distant control room, the automaton youth Ci Wei Ka revealed a demonic smile. “Stupid punk, when you return the puppets to me, I’ll teach you a good lesson. While destroying your body, I’ll break your world ring and chase that human sector lord out. Getting his treasures is my goal.”

“However, the 530,000 puppets are top class puppets. I spent eight hundred million indigo gems. It would take over ten million indigo gems to repair them as well. Afterall they are slightly damaged, their core body should still be ok. These top level puppets in the hands of a beast, it’s an absolute waste.”

Indigo gems were the highest currency of the automaton race.

Compared to the human currency.

Two indigo gems were about the price of one mixed element.

Naturally, as the enemy was from another race, each currency couldn’t work with each other. Some warriors may barter in private, two indigo gems for one mixed element, this was just a rough estimate of the amount. When they truly bartered…naturally many other factors were involved.

The beast observed.

This nine absolute god country was not a true god country. It was only in name, and its core was still the nine floating pyramids.

Howl…the beast roared and the eighty one automaton gods moved to surround it.

Big trouble.

Every one of them had low emperor level strength. With eighty one of them pressuring him, it was akin to a pinnacle emperor. What’s more, would they not have special abilities hidden? The controller had even said there were special techniques he could use.

“Fight or truce…” The largest god looked at the Golden horned beast.

“Automaton undying, do you think I’ll be as stupid as you.” The beast let out a roar.

“Your answer has disappointed me.”

“So…Enjoy the nine absolute god country.”

“You are the first one to make me use this, you should feel honored.” The purple giant spoke. As it finished speaking, the eighty one gods immediately gave off terrifying energies, each becoming beams of light and shooting at the beast from all directions.

The beast looked up and howled.

Hua!

Flapping the Sha Wu wings, it left three warps in space and instantly dodged the twelve gods attacking it, rushing straight to the corner of the god country.

“Automaton idiot, do you really think I will clash head on with them? Would I be that stupid to fight against G grade metal gods. My advantage is my speed, even a pinnacle emperor, without teleportation will never match the Golden horned beast.” While chatting with the automaton undying earlier, Luo Feng had devised a plan.

Dodge! Dodge! And keep dodging!

The eighty one gods were obviously clumsy and stupid, and were unable to surround the nimble beast.

“Let’s first tear apart this god country.”

The beast unleashed its wings and flew to the side of the god country, immediately unleashing Moon policy’s first form. Its wings acted like blades and slashed through anything in its path, the space itself was torn apart and a silver flash slashed at the sides of the purple space.

…

“God country…Trap!” The distant Ci Wei Ka muttered softly, mocking, “This is a powerful weapon the master created, you can dream on about destroying that easily.”

Within the god country.

As the beast slashed at the sides, large amounts of purple threads shot out suddenly within the space. Countless threads wrapped about…at close distance, even the beast couldn’t avoid them.

Howl…The beast howled and struggled.

The Sha Wu wings flapped and slashed large amounts of the threads, it just began to flee when more threads appeared.

…

“God country…Tear!” Ci Wei Ka muttered, controlling the eighty one gods.

Within the nine Absolute god country.

The eighty one gods waved their arms like blades. Even though it seemed like a simple slash…with eighty one slashes ripping through the space itself and rushing at the beast. While in flight, the eighty one slashes began to meld together, forming one huge blurry blade. Also, endless amounts of purple energy poured into the slash from the space itself, causing it to get clearer.

Finally, it formed a 300m long true blade slash.

As it flew, very thin tears appeared in the space itself.

“What is this?” The Golden horned best was feeling rage and helpless against the countless purple threads. However, after seeing that 300m normal looking blade fly at it, its eyes revealed a look of seriousness, it quickly closed its wings and wrapped itself within.


Chapter 801: Luo Feng’s Revenge

A seemingly normal huge blade slashed through space, and in the blink of an eye, it hit the silver wings. The Golden horned beast which was wrapped within was like a silver egg…the wings had completely protected the beast well, not leaving a single slit.

Rumble…

The beast was knocked back far away. The large amounts of purple threads holding on to the beast had to be let go too, some of them broken from the powerful force. The beast became a beam of light as it flew backwards.

After flying back hundreds of thousands of km, only then did it open its wings.

It’s mouth had a hint of trickling golden blood, and it’s dark eyes gleaming with madness. The wings had diffused over 90% of the force, with the general armor diffusing another 90% of the leftover force. Through these two weakening the attack greatly, the remaining force was but a thousandth of the original, even so, it still hurt the beast.

Howl! The beast flapped its wings.

It warped in mid air and swiftly rushed at the closest god. It was obvious that they were strongest when attacking together. As long as it could catch on to one beast…it would be much safer.

Chi chi…countless purple threads once again rushed aroundt the beast, beginning to trap it.

“These purple threads again.”

“Bastard.” Luo Feng raged within.

The beast struggled madly, causing large amounts of the threads to break. However, more were produced, causing the beast to once again fall into the same trap, unable to break free.

Howl!!! It struggled and raged.

“To actually be able to withstand my Absolute nine god country attack and not be torn apart, I respect your strength.” The tallest god of the eighty one gods suddenly brandished a blade bigger than itself, roaring, “Then receive my second attack!”

Weng…

The other eighty of them all extended one finger and shot out a thin purple light. Though they were thin, they were extremely condensed.

These eighty purple lights all shot into the blade.

The tallest god simultaneously threw out the huge blade, which was infused with the space and fire laws. It made the huge blade tear a big hole in space itself, it instantly flew straight at the beast at a terrifying speed.

The beast naturally closed itself in its wings again, and was forcefully knocked back again.

“His body is still ok? Then take my third attack. I don’t believe you can take it!” The tallest god roared.

Each attack was stronger than the previous.

This third attack was almost like a solid hammer, clashing into the protected beast’s wings.

Chi!

The beast was so shaken that blood flew out of its eyes, nose and ears, it even spit out gold blood.

As it was knocked back, countless purple threads came to bind it again, causing it to get extremely enraged.

…

The youth Ci Wei Ka controlling this battle from afar slapped his alloy chair, breaking it apart, “Three consecutive attacks didn’t destroy its body. This god country is something my master personally created, and its 3 attacks are all considered to be at pinnacle emperor level. Even though one would have an undying body, his body would still be destroyed before reforming. Why isnt his body breaking apart?”

“As long as I can destroy his body, its world ring will appear.”

“I’ll use the god country to instantly grab the world ring and cause instability in the ring to make it collapse. Once the human sector lord appears, I’ll be able to capture my target.”

“However!”

“Why am I unable to destroy its body? This is the Nine absolute god country, it was something the master built for me out of the relationship we’ve had over the countless years. He spent a huge amount on it to improve my strength and weaponry. A normal emperor’s wealth cannot even afford it. Even though it cannot kill a pinnacle emperor , destroying his body should be easy. However…” He couldn’t believe the scene before him.

Nine Absolute god country, he naturally wouldn’t suspect.

A pinnacle emperor was very powerful. Even after destroying his body, he could easily reform without any damage. Hence killing him was very hard.

Ci Wei Ka didn’t even think of killing the silver winged emperor.

He didn’t have the confidence to do so either. He simply wanted to destroy his body once, using the chance to get the sector lord and automaton methods to cause the world to crumble.

“I don’t believe this!”

He gritted his teeth, “Not being able to kill you is one thing, but I cannot even destroy your body? The master’s Nine absolute god country cannot be that weak.”

“Break!”

…

Ci Wei Ka raged, his god country once again began a more terrifying attack.

Fourth attack!

Fifth attack!

Sixth attack!

The eighty one gods that were all low emperors used the purple space’s help to unleash terrifying attacks over and over.

“God country…Grinding wheel!” Ci Wei Ka gritted his teeth and unleashed the ninth attack of the god country, the strongest one he had.

The eighty one god’s eyes all lit up, light gathering within their weapons as they all flew out of their hands and gathered in mid air. Among the eighty one lit up weapons, the big ones were like 100m blades while the small ones not even half a meter in length. They formed a peculiar grinding wheel weapon, with sharp edges on the side.

Ge ge ge…

The wheel spun and countless purple light threads melded into it, it acted like a purple space core.

“Hu la!”

It rushed straight at the beast. The two bottom and upper layers of the wheel interweaved. Ge ge ge…even space was ripped apart into countless shreds. When the wheel hit the Golden horned beast, it began to madly grind at it. The Sha Wu Wings were clashing hard against the mad grinding. Although the golden horned beast’s body was reduced to powder, the outer layer of wings however was undamaged.

“Howl…” The beast let out a howl of pain.

“Automaton idiot, stupid punk, what other methods do you have?” The beast let out an enraged howl. “Can you only rely on these purple threads to bind me?”

The grinding wheel swiftly flew back, returning the eighty one weapons to the gods.

The eighty one gods looked at the distant golden horned beast, not know what to do.

“The Nine absolute god country was actually unable to destroy its body?” The distant Ci Wei Ka was angry and worried. This ninth attack was the strongest attack the god country could do, unless… unless Ci Wei Ka was willing to pay a bigger price to unleash its final attack.

That move would damage even a pinnacle emperor, destroying part of his undying body. He then would require tens of millions of years to recover.

“Using that move once costs one billion indigo gems.”

“Is it worth it?” Ci Wi Ka hesitated.

One billion indigo gems. This was huge sum for even an emperor, one couldn’t bear to use this much on just one battle. Many emperors would rather sacrifice 5% of their undying bodies and not lose such a sum.

“Is it worth it?”

…

While Ci Wei Ka was hesitating, the Golden horned beast that had taken nine attacks finally exploded.

“Eighty one gods?”

“Hmph, after the nine consecutive attacks, his energy should be depleted. They would take a while for the energy to replenish to attack again.” The beast glanced at the distant eighty one gods. While unleashing their ninth attack, their energies had already reached extremely low levels. At this time, countless amounts of energy was pouring into them from the space about.

The beast’s eyes gleamed with madness.

“My chance has come.”

“Alina!”

“Master!”

“Command one million tiger armored kings to do a combined attack, the strongest attack, and break through this purple space. This is a space formed by those nine pyramids, just choose one and attack it.” Luo Feng ordered his bug queen Alina within his internal world.

“Yes master.” Alina said respectfully.

Rumble!

Large amounts of countless bugs appeared around the Golden horned beast. Every tiger armored king was about 26m tall, and they were covered in a thick armor. Their dark red malevolent bodies gave off terrifying energy. A blur of one million armored tiger kings appeared, and all of them were exactly alike.

In the core of the bug army was a 1km in diameter bug clan mother nest.

Weng…

The million tiger armored kings extended their claws. A glaring light gathering at the tip of their claws, the million soldiers seemed to be linked by their souls. In truth they were all being controlled by one queen. Simultaneously controlling one million bugs, even though it couldn’t do a law infused attack, it could still do a precision attack.

“Bug clan, it’s the bug clan.”

“A million sector lord bugs, and tiger armored kings!”

“Quick, break.” The distant Ci Wei Ka was immediately at a loss. One combined attack by a million kings…that was extremely terrifying.

A combined attack by one million normal sector lord bugs could heavily injure a pinnacle emperor. Naturally it had to hit first, the emperors weren’t stupid, they could all dodge and flee. Hence, normally the million strong army was good as a threat, and was useful in an army battle, however against an emperor.

It was too hard to hit.

However no one could deny its power!

And the million kings compared to the million normal sector lords, the power was much more powerful by at least tens of times! Even a pinnacle emperor would probably lose 50-100% of his undying body. Meaning, there was a possibility of a pinnacle emperor falling.

This was the power of one million bug kings!

Of course, the requirement was…it had to hit.


Chapter 802: Trying To Steal a Chicken Only To End Up Losing The Rice Used to Lure It

“Try and bind the bug soldiers? That won’t work. The million bug kings can instantly send off power that over a hundred times that of an emperor. I can at most only bind up to 10,000 of them, however this has little effect on the million strong army. This move is useless!”

“Binding that mother nest, killing the queen?”

“The eighty one gods have mostly used up their energy, and they are still replenishing it. The despicable silver wing emperor is actually using both wings to wrap about the nest.

Ci Wei Ka stood in his control room, eyes filled with worry as he instantly pondered on many options.

He realized there was only one way…

Releasing over eight million automaton puppets to fight it out with the sector lord bug kings, that may be effective. However just the time it took to release the puppets was enough for the army to attack a few times. Even though this solution was good, it wasn’t fast enough.

“Give up!”

“I can only give up, and watch the silver wing emperor escape.”

He made the decision grudgingly. “Silver wing emperor, you got lucky this time. And that despicable human, you got lucky too!”

…

It may seem like a long time.

In truth, the moment the million tiger armored bug kings appeared, they had already begun to unleash their attack!

“Attack!”

“The target is…” This purple space wasn’t a true purple space. It was simply a space domain formed from large amounts of energy. The Golden horned beast could easily feel the nine energy spots within the purple space, they were simply the nine pyramids.

“Rumble!” “Rumble!” “Rumble!” “Rumble!” “Rumble!” “Rumble!”

A million beams of light shot out!

They instantly pierced through the purple space.

Every beam of light was the full strength of a bug king. A million of them combined was enough to make even a true emperor change his expression. Against such pure brute force, one could only dodge! Even the Golden horned beast with is Sha Wu wings and general armor would have its body destroyed if it tried to defend against it.

A million light beams gathering in one spot!

Extreme precision!

Not a single beam was with any error, and all of them accurately gathered together. If it were a million human sector lords, even training tens of millions of times wouldn’t result in a single successful shot. This was the advantage of the bug clan.

Gathered in one spot!

A very small dot!

Silence!

The entire purple space was silent, accurately speaking it was the loss of sound. Even the land and skies vanished, leaving only the little light dot formed from the million lasers gathered together. It may seem like a lot of time had passed, but in truth, it was only an instant before the little light dot erupted!

Rumble…the land and skies rumbled as the silent world was thrown into chaos. A large hole tore open within ten million km, as countless space fragments rushed around madly.

The huge collapse of the space caused even the distant Ci Wei Ka to feel the ripples.

“Quickly.”

“Alina, all of you get back in.” The beast immediately collected all the bugs into its internal world immediately after unleashing their attacks.

After that, the huge explosion rippled over.

The beast closed its wings…the explosion that took place 100,000 km away rippled over. The weakened power after the Sha Wu wings and the general armor was still enough to make the beast spit out blood.

“Terrifying.”

“Even with the Sha Wu wings and general armor, I’m still heavily hit by the explosion from 100,000 km away.”

“If one is hit directly by this, even a pinnacle emperor with an undying body would find it hard to survive.” Even though Luo Feng had long known the power of this, seeing it personally and feeling the ripples left him in shock.

“That pyramid!”

The beast turned to it quickly.

In the distance, the pyramid had been ripped open.

Sou!

The beast flapped its wings.

It rushed straight at the pyramid.

…

Millions of km away, Ci Wei Ka was unhurt due to the distance.

“Ah, the foundation of my Nine absolute god country.” Through his scanner, he easily saw the pyramid that was hit. It was hit face on at close distance, hence it was ripped open. The pyramid that was able to withstand a pinnacle emperor’s attack, under the combined attack of a million bug kings…

Even though it managed to dodge at the last moment, that little distance had little effect…

The combined attack with an explosion of an area of over 1,000km was extremely powerful.

The pyramid was torn open.

“Master, the foundation ship is heavily damaged, however the core cabin is still fine.” The AI of that ripped open pyramid ship reported. Even though the ship was badly damaged, its AI was still undamaged. The important apparatus within the ship used to make the god country was fine too. This was something Ci Wei Ka’s master had built, hence it was heavily protected.

It was completely undamaged.

“That’s good” Ci Wei Ka let out a sigh of relief.

“Master, the ship is no longer able to fly, it’s movement system is completely gone.” The AI reported.

“I will let a god go pick you up.” He revealed a relaxed expression, after which it grew sullen as he roared, “Silver wing emperor!!!”

The scanner showed…

The silver wing emperor flapped its wings, using its terrifying speed to instantly rush at the broken pyramid.

…

The beast reached the ship, as its eyes filled with excitement. This was an important piece to form the Nine absolute god country. Even though the other eight pyramids were still in perfect condition, it would be very hard to get them, this one however…

“Collect!” The beast tried collecting it into its world ring.

“Hm?”

With a scan with his world energy, he discovered that the AI within the ship was still ok. It was controlling the defense mechanism of the ship to fight back.

“Alina, use 10,000 Shadow spear kings to destroy the ship’s controlling system.

“Yes.”

10,000 skinny shadow like bug soldiers moved demonically, rushing into the broken ship. Even though they seemed skinny and weak, they were still kings. It was simple to control just 10,000 of them, the mother nest didn’t even need to show itself. Hence, it only sent out 10,000 weak bits of consciousness into every bug.

Rumble…

The pyramid rumbled within, with much of its abilities already disabled from before, it couldn’t resist.

“Silver wing emperor.”

“Silver wing emperor.”

A raging howl rang in the beast’s ears, it glanced into the distance. The eighty one gods were rushing over angrily, and all of them were incredibly mad. It was obvious that they wanted to take this pyramid away from it.

“Master, it’s been done.”

“Good job.”

…

The Golden horned beast swiftly collected the broken ship along with the 10,000 Shadow spear bug kings into its world ring.

“Bastard!!!” The automaton warrior Ci Wei Ka smashed the control board before him as he saw everything clearly through his scanner.

“The ship’s control system has been damaged 73%.” A voice resounded within the room.

“Shut up.”

Ci Wei Ka cursed.

After which he stared at the screen on his arm and grit his teeth, “My foundation ship, my foundation ship! Despicable Silver wing emperor, despicable Silver wing emperor!!!”

The nine foundation ships were his most important treasures!

Firstly, the nine million F9 puppets were within the ships, and every one of the ship had one G grade metal puppet that used a world ring to carry the one million puppet army. With that hit earlier, the ship was ripped open. At that time, this G grade metal puppet instantly had its core destroyed.

The puppet army ring was secondary.

The most important thing was…

Every ship’s core cabin had an apparatus used for the Nine absolute god country. Only when the nine of them were combined, would it be able to completely form the god country. The moment one of them was gone, it would be impossible to form it. And this apparatus was incredibly expensive…it was his most important asset!

The Golden horned beast felt free as it kept the pyramid.

After being disadvantaged for so long, it was its chance to fight back.

“Silver wing emperor.”

“Silver wing emperor.”

The eighty one gods separated and floated about looking at the beast.

Howl! The beast let out a howl. “Without that purple space, you cannot even replenish your energy, and you cannot unleash your combined attacks. You don’t even have the purple threads to bind me. Without any methods left, you are of no threat to me.”

It flapped its wings.

The beast immediately knocked away three gods. With the Sha Wu Wings, the three gods were knocked far away.

G grade metal was indeed very strong.

“I cannot deal with you now.” The tallest god said. “However silver wing emperor, how about we make a deal.”

“Deal?” The beast asked.

“As long as you return the broken ship to me, I’m willing to give you one billion mixed element’s worth of treasure.” The tallest god spoke.

“The broken ship’s worth far exceeds one billion mixed elements.” The beast replied.

“No.”

The tallest god with a huge blade on its back shook its head. “It’s very important to me, but to a human, you’d only get one part of the nine that is used to make the Nine absolute god country, it’s useless like that. Even if you sold it, you wouldn’t be able to sell it at one billion. Only I would be willing to sell it at such a high price.”

“The nine million automaton army is only worth one billion mixed elements.” The beast said, “The eighty one gods are probably only worth about ten billion mixed elements.” And the most valuable thing about the Nine absolute god country…you really think I’m that stupid.”

Sou!

With a flap of its wings, it flew far away.

“We can discuss this.” The tallest god urgently called out.

“I won’t sell a treasure to the enemy. What’s more, I have my pathways to deal with treasures. Like my human alliance friends, there are many powerful warriors there, a valuable automaton apparatus…will definitely attract many warriors.” The beast flapped its wings and left far away.


Chapter 803: Star Tower

In the vast skies, a silver beam of light flashed past.

The Golden horned beast was flying close to light speed.

“It’s a pity that the nine pyramids were all so far apart. Since I got the broken one, the others won’t be able to catch me even at their max speed.” Luo Feng felt the pinch for the automaton warrior that just lost a huge treasure.

The nine pyramids were worth a shocking amount. He had gotten three billion points when he passed the primal region domain lord sky mountain. He estimated that this pyramid ship would be worth quite a bit too.

“Such a reward sure is a blessing.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

Actually, if it weren’t for the sector lord bug kings that tore apart this ship, even if the Golden horned beast could catch up to the ship, it wouldn’t have been able to break through.

…

While flying, Luo Feng reflected on the battle from before.

From start to end, he never made any mistakes, however it was extremely tough.

Firstly, his scanner wasn’t as advanced as his opponent. Hence, it allowed his opponent to have the advantage. Against the surrounding nine million automatons, he had no other way but to let the Golden horned beast to appear. And while the beast was intrepid, it was easy to get the 100s of thousands of puppets to force the opponent to use his trump card, the Nine absolute god country.

The moment the god country was unleashed.

Especially with the countless purple threads binding him, it made the beast lose its greatest advantage of speed, allowing it to be attacked by the eighty one gods over and over. Luckily the Sha Wu wings had incredible defense. It finally had the chance when the eighty one gods were replenishing their energy, to instantly unleash the million sector lord army.

“Seems wise.”

“Luckily I held out until the final moment before finally using the bug army! If I used it from the start, whether it’s the nine million F9 puppets or the eighty one gods, I’d lose out. The combined attack of the bug army is incredibly powerful, but their defense is too weak…”

“Overall…”

“The reason I was disadvantaged is mainly because…of my scanner!”

“Without it, I’m not able to detect his movements, and got dragged along by his games. If my scanner was more advanced than his…I wouldn’t have been ambushed. I would have detected him long ago, even not even letting him detect me.” Luo Feng exclaimed. “The tragedy was…even up till now, I still don’t know where the real body is!”

Luo Feng and Ci Wei Ka both had their trump cards!

Ci Wei Ka was weak himself, he relied on his apparatus and techniques etc.

Luo Feng was stronger.

He lost out on having a lousier scanner, allowing his enemy to control the flow of the battle. If he had a better scanner, he would have been able to get close secretly and let his million sector lord bug army destroy the main enemy ship, killing that automaton warrior! Luo Feng would have earned a lot from it, and it would have been in a relaxed manner.

“Scanner!”

“Scanner.” Luo Feng reflected on the importance of a good scanner. This battle had forced him to the edge simply because of that one fact.

…

The Golden horned beast glanced backwards slightly, it had an instinct that the automaton warrior was still following him.

“He probably hasn’t given up.”

“He’s most probably following me at a distance. Seems right, he lost so much, especially the important piece of his god country device, how could he just let me go? He’s definitely following me and thinking of a way to get it back.”

“What do I do?”

Luo Feng pondered, hating the fact that he didn’t have a better scanner.

“Do I just let him follow me?”

“He obviously has quite some background. He’ll definitely find a way to get the broken ship back, if I keep letting him follow, it’s like having a ticking time bomb next to me. Even though I would not have cared that much initially…I have to spend some money.” Luo Feng made the decision.

His guess was right.

Three hundred million km away, a ship was following.

Within the control room, Ci Wei Ka sat in his chair, and his expression was ashen. Looking at the silver beast on his screen, he gritted his teeth. “Silver wing emperor, I cannot miss a single one of my nine ships. I need all nine to use the Nine absolute god country. You think you can get away with it? You must be dreaming!”

“I initially didn’t want to spend a huge amount to kill you.”

“Killing an emperor costs too much. However, you took away a ship from the nine pyramids my master had built. you are forcing me.” Ci Wei Ka’s eyes were filled with madness.

“Die.”

“Just wait for your death.”

He had sent a thread of his consciousness into the virtual universe, this was the virtual world the automaton race had set up in the outer region wars.

…

Virtual world.

Di…di…di…

He stood before the screen. After awhile, a silhouette appeared. This was a 2m tall and 1m wide fat life form. Although it was covered in scales, however countless scales on its body had eyes on them.

A blur of eyes, it was terrifying.

On its head it had a huge gold eye, the formless powerful energy emanated from the screen.

If Luo Feng saw him, he would have been able to tell instantly that this was a powerful race of the universe. The 1,000 eye race, they were extremely few in numbers but were extremely powerful. They were considered one of the more powerful races in the universe, however their warriors…have to join one of the four camps to gain the right to enter the outer region wars.

Battle was the best way to train a warrior.

A true warrior wouldn’t be afraid of battle, constantly giving himself pressure to get stronger.

“Momobu!” Ci Wei Ka was very respectful.

“Ah, my dear Ci Wei Ka.” The 1,000 eye race smiled. The blur of eyes on its body seemed friendly, but it was disgusting. “You should know that I’m currently on Star tower. it’s an extremely dangerous place, hence I cannot be distracted. Still, you’ve chosen to contact me despite this…speak, what’s the matter?”

“It’s like this.”

Ci Wei Ka swiftly explained, slightly altering some details, but the core matter was still the same. “What I want to do…is to kill the silver wing emperor and take back my weapon.”

“Ah? Silver wing emperor of the human camp?” Momobu said curiously. “He actually took an important piece of your weapons. However Ci Wei Ka…that is still an emperor, you should know just how tough it is to kill an emperor, we may heavily injure him, but to kill…”

“I’ve planned it out already.” Ci Wei Ka said, “This silver wing emperor’s defense is extremely powerful, and it’s extremely fast too. It’s attack however isn’t as terrifying as its defense! It’s obvious its comprehension level isn’t too high, and it relies on some treasures for defense!”

“And it’s battle techniques rely on close combat.”

“Hence it’s soul side should be weaker. Momobu…you are an absolute warrior proficient in soul attacks. As long as you attack, we should have a 90% guarantee.” Ci Wei Ka said.

The 1,000 eye warrior on the screen didn’t agree.

Ci Wei Ka said, “I won’t waste your time, you are afterall on Star tower now. I’m willing…to use three billion indigo gems to get you to help me, and when we kill the silver wing emperor, you will naturally get the contribution points. Also the items it leaves behind after, you will get a lot of it.”

“Ah?” Momobu’s many eyes all over gleamed.

Three billion indigo gems…

That was generous enough.

It usually took emperor’s trillions of years to accumulate that much, one invitation with that amount, this was extremely rare.

“This Ci Wei Ka sure is wealthy, his master pampers him too much. Only at a pinnacle official level and his wealth is more than many emperors.” Momobu couldn’t help but exclaim. Just like how Yan Zhu emperor was renowned for being Shi Huo knight’s only son, this Ci Wei Ka was the same within the Automaton race.

One had to know that the automatons were living AI’s, they didn’t have the idea of parent and child.

Hence, Ci Wei Ka was considered his master’s most important relative.

“I’m in star tower, how will I head over?” Momobu asked, “Using a ship? That would take half a year.”

“No.”

Ci Wei Ka shook his head. “Using a ship would take too long. Momobu, teleport via your god country, I will give you safe coordinates. Just come straight to Yan Ji main continent.”

“God country teleportation, this will reveal my god country’s coordinates.”

“With your ability Momobu, who will you fear on Yan Ji Main continent. What’s more, only I will know your god country’s coordinates, and as allies, I cannot betray you. Momobu, you’ll have extra time after completing the mission to change the coordinates of your god country.” Ci Wei Ka spoke.

Momobu finally agreed. The rewards from this deal, if successful, was simply too eye catching.

…

After awhile.

Within Ci Wei Ka’s living quarters in the virtual world.

“Let me introduce you, this is from our automaton camp, Black Jade emperor from the Pang Wan race.” Ci Wei Ka pointed beside him. It was a skinny short man with a silver mask, his hands were like a wild beast’s claws, almost like two blades. “Black jade emperor is a pinnacle emperor with teleportation.”

“Black jade, this is Death Soul emperor from the 1,000 eye race. He’s extremely renowned within the seventh battlefield.” Ci Wei Ka pointed at Momobu of the 1,000 eye race.

Black Jade emperor and Death soul emperor.

Both were pinnacle emperors. But in terms of reputation, Death soul was more renowned, mainly because there were many emperor undyings that fell before him.

“Death soul emperor.” The short Black Jade looked at Momobu, “Aren’t you in Star tower?”

Momobu smiled, all his eyes looked friendly, “I’ll rush over.”


Chapter 804: Unstable Situation

“Rush over from Star tower?” Black Jade smiled. “Ci Wei Ka must have paid a pretty hefty price to get you over. However, after this battle, let’s head over to Star tower together. My rewards from Yan Ji main continent are getting smaller and smaller. It’ll be better to head over to Star tower, there may be some goods there.”

“You are coming too?” Momonu nodded, “That’s good.”

The locations in the outer region wars were separated according to their danger levels.

Yan Ji main continent was considered the most dangerous place for the human twenty sixth camp. However, compared to the entire seventh battlefield, even though Yan Ji main continent was still considered very dangerous, there was another above it. That most dangerous spot was…Star tower!

Star tower was one level above it.

Large amounts of emperors gathered there, and officials were considered weak there.

“Then let’s work out how we will deal with the silver wing emperor.” Black jade said.

“Also, we should discuss our settlement of his goods and so on. This will solve any problem we may encounter later.” Momobu said.

“Right, right.” Ci Wei Ka smiled and nodded.

…

Ci Wei Ka discussed with the two emperors that he invited on how to deal with the Silver wing emperor, and also about the distribution of his goods.

“Haha, according to the main plan and our two contingency plans, the silver emperor will definitely be sealed even if he doesn’t die.” Ci Wei Ka was obviously very excited. “He…”

His expression suddenly changed, revealing shock and rage.

“Ci Wei Ka?”

“Ci Wei Ka?” Both emperors looked at him, feeling something amiss.

“I regret to say this.” Ci Wei Ka stood up. His eyes trying hard to suppress his rage as he shook his head, “We cannot deal with him now.”

“What’s going on?” Both emperors were getting angry.

Was he deceiving them?

The plan was set, the distribution of goods was done, and everybody was ready to make their move. Yet now they couldn’t start?

“Please look at this.” Ci Wei Ka held back his rage and pointed in mid air, a screen appeared.

On it displayed all the areas Ci Wei Ka was scanning. On that screen, a huge silver winged beast was flying through, suddenly a beautiful half transparent silhouette appeared and spread its undying energy about the beast.

Shua.

They vanished in mid air.

“Teleportation?” Both emperors frowned.

“Right, teleportation.” Ci Wei Ka gritted his teeth. This despicable Silver wing emperor is too crafty, I followed him secretly and he actually got help from his allies. This teleportation…is far out of my scanner’s detection radius, I don’t know where he’s gone.”

Black Jade and Death Soul emperor exchanged glances, helpless.

“However you two.”

Ci Wei Ka spoke, “This matter is not over. I will send out a bounty to get help from all our allies. With countless allies looking out, as long as we find him, I will immediately know. Then I will inform you two.”

Both emperors nodded.

“This is the only thing we can do for now.” Death Soul nodded, “Then I’ll take my leave.” He left the virtual world.

“Contact me when you find him.” Black jade left too.

Both emperors were obviously unhappy.

If Ci Wei Ka’s background wasn’t that huge, then the two of them wouldn’t have been so polite.

“Bastard.”

Ci Wei Ka slapped the table angrily, gritting his teeth, “He actually escaped! As long as you are on the main continent, I definitely won’t give you a chance. With countless allies looking for you, the moment we discover your whereabouts, you will be done for.”

…

Ci Wei Ka immediately informed a large amount of his allies, sending out a bounty for his whereabouts.

Within the edges of the main continent, two silhouettes appeared in mid air above an icy cold lake. The large one was as big as a mountain, covered in silver scales, it was a huge silver winged beast. The small silhouette however was a 10m tall lady with misty wings. She was enchanting with a half transparent body, covered in a robe armor. She had crystal like hair and eyes as deep as the ocean.

“Star fantasy emperor.” The Golden horned beast gazed at the little dot, “Thank you for your help.”

“By helping you this once, I easily get ten million mixed elements. If you need similar help in the future, do call me. This is much easier than killing a pinnacle official.” The transparent wings flapped, and her eyes were like water, “If there’s nothing else, Silver wing emperor, I’ll be leaving.”

The beast nodded.

Hua.

She vanished.

“What a good way to earn money.” The beast instantly vanished too. A black armored Luo Feng appeared within the lake, he couldn’t help but mutter. “Ten million mixed elements at once, my teacher Hu Yan Bo only had that much.”

“Spending money to get rid of the threat.”

“After teleporting one light year away. That Ci Wei Ka definitely cannot find me.” Luo Feng thought.

When he deduced that the automaton warrior would never give up, following him from the distance…he immediately made the decision to spend money to get help.

Even though he could get his third senior Bloodthirst emperor to help, he wasn’t in the outer region battlefield, and a long distance god country teleportation would be monitored by Ci Wei Ka. It would easily reveal his god country location to others. Hence…Luo Feng would rather spend the money and get someone who could use teleportation from the human camp.

Getting his ally to teleport him away.

Very simple.

Simply teleporting without having to battle, hence the cost didn’t have to be too high. Ten million mixed elements was a normal amount. If it was too low…the warriors able to teleport wouldn’t bother with it. This price was normal. If he needed the allies to come fight it out, the price would be much higher.

“Hu.” Luo feng flipped his hand, a small sesame seed sized pair of silver wings appeared and merged with his body.

He grew a pair of wings, their color changed slightly, this was a true treasure. Changing its color was very simple. After melding with the Sha Wu wings, Luo Feng gave off a powerful energy, his sector lord energy was completely covered by that pair of the wings.

He immediately became a black winged god.

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng causally picked a C9 grade ship from his countless ships and sat in it, swiftly leaving.

…

The ship flew over the main continent.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng.” Babata’s voice rang in his mind, “There’s an important notice you should see. This is the summary of what the scanner picked up, it’s a group of other race undyings chatting 920 million km away.”

“Hm?” Luo feng sat within his control room and looked at the screen on his arm, it immediately played a broadcast of three undyings chatting.

“Fifty million indigo gems.”

“Hehe, what a huge amount. Fifty million indigo gems just to reveal the coordinates of the silver wing emperor. The moment it’s confirmed, we’ll get 50 million indigo gems. This bounty, just where is it from? The reward for the information sure is high, isn’t this person too wealthy?”

“Who knows, however the one sending this bounty out definitely wouldn’t dare deceive us. This is a public broadcast afterall, and countless allies will know of it. If he dared to deceive us…not paying after, it would offend the entire alliance.”

“Hm.”

“Poor silver wing emperor.”

“This silver wing emperor will find it hard to travel about Yan Ji main continent.”

…

Looking at the details of the scanner, Luo Feng frowned.

“Luo Feng, that enemy wont give up.” Babata communicated.

“That’s expected, I did steal an important ship of his. It is an important part of the Nine absolute god county.” Luo Feng mocked. “However, since it’s a public broadcast of the bounty for the automaton alliance on Yan Ji main continent, hmph…looks like this punk has prepared backup and has confidence in dealing with me. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have gone public with this…looks like I cannot reveal the Golden horned beast for awhile.”

“Caution is important.” Babata emphasized.

Luo Feng nodded.

He was very clear that the enemy was prepared to take him on, he was just waiting for the chance.

“Damn.”

“My scanner is too lousy compared to his, otherwise I wouldn’t have been in this position. The moment my scanner is more advanced than his, I can take the advantage.” Luo feng gritted his teeth. “I cannot delay anymore. I’ll head over to the twenty sixth camp now and find a way to get a high price for my items. With enough wealth, I can buy a better scanner.”

Sou!

The ship swiftly flew away from the main continent. This trip back to the twenty sixth camp would take a year and a half to reach.

Along the way, at a travel spot on Yan Ji main continent closest to Luo Feng.

Weng…

The space rippled and a black blade ship appeared.

“Travel complete.”

“Your majesty, we will take another six days to reach the outer regions of the main continent. There are large amounts of fragments there, even the fragments of Yan Ji continent are huge, it would take a long time to fly. It will take about one or two months of flying to get to the main continent.

“Hm.”

The black rock statue like youth gave off a dark energy, he gazed at the vast space through the ship.

“Yan Ji continent is my first step.” The black armored youth said softly.

…

Just as this youth’s ship went through universe travel, Luo Feng’s expression changed in his ship.

“There!”

Luo Feng turned fiercely, staring hard at the travel point. His gaze seemingly passing through the barriers of space itself, gazing at the distant point.

“There.”

“Treasure.”

Luo Feng felt every cell in his body shiver with excitement, almost like countless starving beggars seeing food. This uproar from every cell in his body…they all locked in on that direction, Luo feng seemed to feel something ahead in that travel point.

A treasure that made every cell in his body jump, it was there!

“This feeling, this feeling, is similar to the soldier and general armor.” Luo Feng’s heartbeat rose.

“But even both armors never made me shiver like this before. This feeling is extremely strong despite the distance. It definitely far exceeds the importance of the two armors.” Luo Feng cleared his throat, “Just what is it?”


Chapter 805: Choice

In the air above Yan Ji main continent, a C9 silver colored blue disc shaped ship was flying.

“The distance is shrinking.”

“We are getting closer.” Luo Feng’s expression was serious. Every cell in his body was jumping, locked on a certain spot far away. He could clearly feel that as time passed, the dot moved closer to the main continent.

“It’s moving.”

“Just what is it, it can actually call out to me so strongly from so far away?” Luo Feng frowned and pondered. “There’s a high chance…it’s linked to the nameless manual. Only the related treasures, like the soldier and general armor can call out to me like that.”

The calling he felt, he had always thought it was very mysterious. As normally even treasures wouldn’t call out to people.

Like the Sha Wu Wings or Beast god armament etc…there were countless powerful warriors and treasures in Primal chaos city, however he had never felt such a feeling before. And Luo Feng had checked through the virtual universe network before, he had never seen any information about a treasure calling out to people at all, hence he deduced…

This treasure must have a high requirement for its user, like one had to be trained in the nameless manual to use it, hence the powerful calling.

“I’ve checked.”

“Within the virtual universe treasure trove, there’s no such mysterious god armor that allows one to have the strength of 1,000 sector lords or even 10,000 sector lords. Such a special armor…at least with my authority, I haven’t been able to find one. The soldier and general armor have been in the Wu Long Starfield for countless years, yet no one has ever discovered their power.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

In summary…

There were very few treasures linked to the nameless manual, at least humanity’s understanding of it was very little.

“It’s moving.”

“Just what is it? A treasure? Or a life form?” Luo Feng was filled with curiosity.

…

Days passed.

Luo Feng sat in his ship and continued towards the space outside the main continent, the area was simply too huge, even flying at sub light speed for three months, the ship had yet to fly out of the main continent area!

“We are close.”

“It’s getting closer to us, we will probably meet in half a month.” Luo Feng suppressed his excitement. “It’s been flying these 3 months, maintaining sub light speed. Then…it’s very likely that its within a ship.”

…

The distance got smaller.

When it was within ten billion km away, Luo Feng purposely stopped his ship.

“Stop.” Luo feng’s eyes flashed, gazing into the distant space, almost like he spotted the ship.

Ten billion km away!

Nine billion, eight billion…the distance shrank, in a blink of an eye, five hours passed.

“No…” Luo Feng shook his head and frowned, “It didn’t head towards us, and is continuing to fly towards the main continent. I can only feel it, and that ship probably cannot sense us, otherwise it would have headed towards us long ago. The owner of the ship isn’t like me, he cannot feel the soldier and general armor.”

“Very good.” Luo Feng smiled.

The ability to feel the treasure, the enemy didn’t have it, this was good news.

“Get close.” Luo Feng ordered, “Head towards it.”

“Yes.” Babata replied.

Luo Feng pointed in the direction and the ship headed towards the mysterious treasure, the distance shrank, three billion km, two billion km…

The blade like ship was flying above the air of the main continent.

A black armored youth stood within the ship’s control room, gazing at the scenery outside, laughing. “It is indeed a battlefield, this main continent has so many strong warriors. After two months of flying above the continent, I’ve already clashed 10 times with other strong warriors. They really have some peculiar techniques, it’s thrilling. There’s no way I would have met so many other race warriors staying within our own territory. Only by coming to the outer region wars where there are plenty of strong warriors would I feel how vast the universe is. There were hardly any repetitions of the races I fought, almost every team was a new race altogether.”

“This is afterall the outer region wars, the battlefield for the four pinnacle races.” An underling spoke respectfully.

“When will my race become a pinnacle race?” The black armored youth sighed. “Even though my race is strong, and there is only a level difference between a strong race and a pinnacle race, however the strength difference is unimaginable. Whether it’s the number of basic undyings, or the number of absolute warriors, they cannot be compared at all. Only by forming alliances with other powerful races will our race be able to become a pinnacle race.”

“Your majesty.”

An underling spoke, “The universe has six pinnacle races afterall. It’s extremely hard to become one. What’s more…with our huge alliances, we naturally don’t have to fear the pinnacle races too, we can at least stand equal with them.”

“Hm.” The youth nodded.

Within the universe.

There were six pinnacle races, they were the strongest amongst the trillions of others.

However, they weren’t invincible. While other races may not match up to the pinnacle races alone, with their alliances, their strength would far exceed the six pinnacle races by tens of thousands of times. The numbers of the other races were afterall huge, hence there were many alliances within the universe.

While they may be weak alone, forming alliances allowed them to stand on par with the pinnacle races.

There were different levels of alliances too.

The power struggle within the universe was brutal, the proud lonely space beasts were also forced to form their space beast alliance, allowing them to stay in power. They were at most willing to do this. As for the Demon race wanting them to be absorbed into their race… the space beasts disliked the demons in the first place, why would they even bother?

…

The two ships got closer.

One billion km, this was within Luo Feng’s scanning area.

“He should be about 990 million km away.” Luo Feng clearly felt the coordinates of the treasure, “Babata, have you discovered anything?”

“990 million km? However, Luo Feng, the scanner hasn’t picked up any ship within that distance. I’ve only discovered two ships One is 510 million km away and the other is 780 million km away.” Babata said, “But we haven’t discovered your target.”

“Hm?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Get closer, follow the direction.” Luo feng ordered.

The distance got smaller.

Eight hundred million km, seven, six…

“Nothing.”

“Nothing.”

“The distance is within 420 million km, no ship has still been detected.” Babata said, “And we haven’t detected any other ship flying at sub light speed.”

Luo Feng’s expression changed.

He clearly felt the treasure moving at sub light speed, yet the scanners picked up nothing, the biggest possibility was…the enemy has a scanner more advanced than his.

“When we encountered the automaton warrior before, his scanner was more advanced than mine, could it be that this life form is the same?” Luo Feng cursed.

“Stop.” Luo Feng ordered.

The ship stopped.

In the distance, the blade ship continued forward, even though they weren’t exactly flying towards each other, the distance continued to shrink.

380 million km…360 million km…300 million km!

“Hm?” Luo Feng could feel the dot moving all the time, clearly feeling it change directions. It actually began to head towards them, it was clear that they had locked onto his ship.

“We’ve been discovered.” Luo Feng opened his eyes suddenly.

“The enemy has discovered us.”

Luo Feng looked down at this arm screen, there was still nothing on his scanners, even anything flying at sub light speed, “My scanner hasn’t picked up anything, the enemy is already 300 million km away and has locked onto our position. It’s changed its direction and is flying towards us.”

“It’s obvious he has a more advanced scanner.”

…

Within the blade ship.

“There’s a black winged human in the distance, there’s only him in the ship, he should be some winged human from humanity.” The underling said respectfully, “Your majesty’s scanner was a gift from the knight, it’s definitely top notch within Yan Ji main continent, this human has no clue.”

“Hm.” The black armored youth nodded.

…

The two of them got closer.

Two hundred million km, one hundred million km, the blade ship headed towards Luo Feng’s ship, the direction was spot on without any error.

“What do we do?” Luo Feng felt every cell in his body jump, his blood boiling.

Excitement.

Uproar.

It was almost like he was about to obtain an impressive treasure, he had to fight hard to suppress it.

“Do I go all out and fight for it.”

“Or immediately flee.”

“If I go for it, the bug clan army has to be within 100,000 km. If the distance is too far, it would be too easy to dodge. If I let the golden horned beast out…that would reveal its location, who knows which camp this enemy is from. I can definitely confirm its not from the human camp, if it’s the automaton camp…the moment they see the beast, they would immediately inform the enemy and he would probably teleport over.”

Luo Feng was calculating all decisions.

“Arghhh!”

“What do I do?”

“To have such an advanced scanner, he’s definitely not a normal official, or he has some huge background. Or he must be extremely powerful. My earth body can only deal with a low level official. To have such a scanner, he definitely has more strength than that.” Luo Feng was worried.

He wanted to fight it out for the treasure.

But his strength wasn’t sufficient.

The only hope was the Golden horned beast. However, there was the risk of revealing its location, and if revealed, the automaton warrior from before would definitely appear with more power than before.

“Ninety million km…eighty million…” Luo Feng clearly felt the distance shrink.


Chapter 806: Harbor

The ships kept getting closer.

“Luo Feng, don’t risk the danger. Don’t lose your mind because of the treasure.” Babata said urgently. “This is the outer region wars. Even though you may get treasures through the dangers, whether its this enemy before you or the automaton enemy from the past, your scanner is no match for theirs, you are disadvantaged! If you take the risk…you may very likely lose your life.”

Luo Feng clearly felt the distance get closer.

56.39 million km…50…

As it got closer, the calling got stronger too. If his willpower wasn’t strong enough, his body would have simply jumped out on its own and rushed towards the treasure.

“Leave!” Luo Feng gritted his teeth and ordered. “We leave immediately, head towards the travel point.

“Yes!” Babata said excitedly.

Sou!

The ship that was stopped in the air fiercely accelerated, quickly reaching sub light speed and flying above the main continent.

This scene made the black armored youth chasing him frown. “Your majesty, the target is moving and has reached sub light speed, he’s heading in the complete opposite direction. Even if we chase at the same speed, we can only get close slowly through angles, it would probably take a long time to catch him. The prerequisite is that he doesn’t know we are chasing him.” An underling said.

The black armored youth shook his head, “This human is lucky, let’s give up. There are many other powerful warriors on the main continent.”

“Yes.”

The blade ship swiftly decreased its speed and headed in its original direction.

Hence…

The two ships got further away from each other.

…

Luo Feng sat in his control room and wielded his blood shadow blade, rubbing it and saying softly, “The weaker ones shouldn’t mess with the stronger ones More haste, and less speed…my scanner is weaker than the enemy’s, and I’m unable to use my strongest card. I’m also oblivious to the enemy, an enemy with such a scanner must be one with some background.”

“If I fight now, I probably can’t win.”

“It would be a tragedy.”

He shook his head.

“Bear with it.”

“Since he’s come to the main continent, and from where he’s headed, it’s obviously towards the deep regions of the main continent. He’s here to explore the continent. It would take over three months from here to the closest travel point…and my return to the camp would take less than four months before I return here.

“Unless he’s dumb enough to come here and return immediately.”

“Otherwise…Even with my trip back and forth from the camp, I should still be able to find him.” Luo Feng confirmed.

Anyone that came to the main continent, as long as they didn’t fall, would at least stay for hundreds if not tens of thousands of years.

And that enemy had obviously just come to the main continent. From where it was headed, it was obvious that it was towards deeper regions of the continent. The continent was vast, the moment one flew it, it would take a few years to circle around it.

“Even from far, I can still feel the treasure.”

“When I return, I should be able to clearly feel his position.”

“Hm, back to the camp.”

…

Even though he was unwilling, he could only bear with it, everything would have to wait till he returned from the camp.

Flying straight to the travel point from the main continent and later travelling straight to the twenty sixth camp.

It took over three months for this return.

“The camp.”

The disc shaped ship was like a bead of sand, the camp itself was like a huge planet.

Luo Feng gazed at the camp.

The malevolent war machine was larger than a sun with a diameter of over a million km. It was a pinnacle AAA god base, and its colorful energy barrier surrounded it. Its malevolent ancient looking cannon had complex engravings around its barrel, it made Luo Feng shudder within.

It was a perfect piece of art!

Di!

“Soldier Luo Feng, your ship will now be controlled by the camp, do not resist. If you resist, you will be attacked and the consequences will be deadly.”

As the ship got close, it was forcefully taken over by the camp.

Hu!

The ship was brought to a pathway into the base, following the pathways for awhile before it entered a huge hall.

Luo Feng had returned to the camp.

…

“Welcome back soldier.” A silver uniformed human worker smiled and welcomed Luo Feng from the cabin door, “Did you choose to retire or come back to rest?”

“Rest.” Luo Feng waved his hand and kept the ship in his world ring.

“Follow me.” The worker smiled.

Luo Feng followed.

The worker said, “As a free soldier, you have no need to follow the arrangements of the army, you can choose when you want to return to battle or rest. You can also choose to bring an army or not, however…it is rare to see a lone wolf in the outer region wars.”

“I don’t like it crowded.” Luo Feng glanced at him.

The worker smiled, the two of them became beams of light and quickly reached tens of thousands of km away.

“The left end is the entertainment region, restaurants, and gathering, as all sorts of entertainment can be found there. Ahead is where the free soldiers live. Their living arrangements are much better.” He said. “You should have been arranged a place, just retrieve the number given to you and head over. As for entertainment…you can head to the left. If you want to head back out you can follow this path.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Then I wont be bothering you.” The worker was very respectful as he left.

Luo Feng glanced ahead.

“Not bad.” Luo Feng complimented.

Tens of thousands of km ahead, there was a mountain range with rivers and trees, along with some snowy and sandy areas. This was the top class living quarters of the camp, and it was almost just like a holiday on a planet. To a base with a diameter exceeding millions of km, such a space was easy to make.

Luo Feng’s quarters was an island in the middle of a lake.

“Soldier Luo Feng, this island is your private quarters. While you stay here, no one else is allowed to enter the island.”

The beautiful island became his private territory.

Luo Feng walked on the gentle sand and he was satisfied.

“Hey!” He suddenly heard a loud shout .

Luo Feng turned to look. In a distant island, there was an undying human, dressed in loose long robes, covered in green fur and walking barefoot on the sand. Even though he was far, both had vision capable of seeing each grain of sand on their islands. The green furry man smiled and said, “I’m called Ku Tuo, welcome neighbor.”

“I’m called Yang.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Yang, are you a pinnacle official or emperor?” The distant Ku Tuo smiled.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was curious, “Why are you asking this?”

“Haha…This private spaces are for the free soldiers. However, they all have different living quarters. Some have normal spots while others have more luxurious places such as villas. To have an island by yourself or a mountain peak, these are the top class quarters. Normally only those with high contribution points have the right to live here. They are normally emperors…however from the energy you give off, you seem to be pinnacle official.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh.

Right.

His contribution points were mostly brought in by the Golden horned beast. Hence, he did earn quite a bit. Being given this place…he belonged in the place of an emperor. The human body with the Sha Wu wings gave off the energy of a pinnacle official.

“Almost an emperor.” Luo Feng said, “However I haven’t gotten my ranking.”

“Haha…looks like you’ve had some growth in the outer region wars. I, Ku Tuo, am known as the Explosion emperor.” The distant green fur man smiled.

“Nice to meet you, I have some matters to attend to. Once I’m done, let’s go grab a drink together.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Alright.” The man smiled back.

The strong were as such, they would normally befriend others of the same level, and the arrangement by the army naturally gave the strong extra encounters too.

Luo Feng entered his own living quarters.

This was a very special place. The island took up an area of 1.2 cubic km. The island itself had some one or two leveled ancient constructs, and surrounding these were ancient statues one could also locate a few azure rivers.

“It’s a good holiday spot.” Luo Feng kept the armor and changed to his underpants and jumped into the warm river.

Lying within felt very comfortable.

“Time to study the goods.”

…

Within the world ring.

Mosha Luo Feng wore a black robe and stood before the huge broken pyramid.

“That automaton warrior sure was wealthy. However, this ship should be considered his top treasure, otherwise he wouldn’t even bother to chase me.” Black clothed Luo feng followed the slit in the pyramid and entered the ship, after which he carefully examined each cabin.

“Babata.” He shouted, with a wave, robots appeared within the walkway.

“Arrange for a careful examination of the ship.” He ordered.

“Leave it to me.”

A robot replied, the many robots immediately dispersed about. Black clothed Luo Feng…stood before a short G grade automaton puppet. This was the only G grade puppet in the entire ship, however after the attack from the million bug army, even though its body wasn’t fully destroyed, its core within was completely shattered. This was after all an attack that would kill even the Golden horned beast, much less an automaton puppet.

“This G grade puppet, just its metal body alone is worth quite a bit.” He muttered.

With a sweep of his world energy, he checked all the items on it, quickly discovering the world ring.

“This should be where the large automaton puppet army is kept.”


Chapter 807: Sum of Goods

This world ring was controlled by a G grade automaton puppet. Hence, it didn’t have any spirit imprint, and it was considered a free ring. Black clothed Luo Feng immediately used his world energy to scan within.

“Haha…”

He smiled, “Indeed there are 1 million automaton puppets, and all of them are F9 grade, and are in perfect condition.” He had already acquired 530,000 puppets before. However, they had their cores damaged by the Golden horned beasts attack. The ones in this ring however were in perfect condition.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng.” A 1.5m tall youth Babata ran over.

“Babata.” Luo Feng glanced over.

Babata was a living AI, hence it could easily control an automaton puppet body. Back then, the master of the Yun Mo planet Hu Yan Bo had given him a similar body. However, the usage of a metal body… was very normal, it didn’t help his abilities much.

The evolution of a living AI was very hard, unless one acquired an Evolution Heart and absorbed it, melding the AI with their body… only then would the two be fully fused.

Almost like a soul to its body.

The living AI would then have a precious living body, and would be able to grow and evolve…

After fully melding with their body, they would feel the universe laws much clearer, at least akin to a normal human warrior. And those without the ability to evolve, like Babata, may train their comprehension. But even after a trillion years, they could never ever become undying! Only with the Evolution heart will one truly have the ability to become a powerful automaton warrior.

As training progresses, the automaton’s body will keep strengthening, and the flexibility and sturdiness will improve, almost like a flesh and blood body.

Hence the evolution heart was very important.

It couldn’t be helped…

The evolution heart was something only the automaton race had. This was their most important treasure, hence their control on the evolution heart itself was very strict, forbidding any one from ever selling it. This rule is embedded deep within their core, they may be able to produce many evolution hearts to nurture warriors…however they would never sell a single one, even at a huge price.

This made it extremely hard for humans, demons and so on to get their hands on the evolution hearts!

The difficulty was simply too high.

This was something only the automaton race had.

Hence…

Every evolution heart was priced above ten billion mixed elements. This was akin to an emperor’s entire wealth. This means…unless one truly wanted to make their living AI their life or death partner, or one was an absolute warrior with huge wealth, they wouldn’t be able to afford the evolution heart.

Babata currently didn’t even think about it, it had never had one before, he was satisfied with a metal body.

“Luo feng, don’t ever forcefully try and hack the perfect F9 puppets.” Babata shouted.

“Hm?” The black clothed Luo Feng looked down at the youth Babata.

“The perfect condition puppets all have defensive abilities. If they are forcefully hacked, they will self destruct.” Babata said. “The automaton warrior is extremely far from us right now. He’s unable to control these puppets, however if they are attacked and they self destruct, they’d become worthless.”

“Hm? There’s no way to control them?” Luo Feng asked.

“Of course there is, but my hacking ability is not sufficient.” Babata smiled, “Hence there’s no need to forcefully attack them. Just scan their insides and sell them! The Virtual Universe Company would naturally have the ability to easily hack them, we just have to pay a small sum.”

Luo Feng nodded.

This hacking…it was better left to the professionals.

“How is it, is the scan complete?” Luo Feng looked at Babata.

“Hm.” Babata nodded.

“Completed, there are four types of items in this broken ship.”

“The first item is the ship itself. This F9 ship is equipped with an extremely powerful defense energy barrier, it’s slightly more powerful than the Yun Mo planet ship. It’s a pity that the attack before had destroyed it, it’s been ripped apart. It’s mostly only worth its weight in F9 metal now, it’s entire price would still be about five million mixed elements.”

“The second item is the G grade puppet. This puppet may not be huge but its still G grade, and its quality is still much better than your blade and shield. It should be worth about twenty million mixed elements.”

“The third is the cores you’ll get from the 530,000 damaged puppets along with the one million good condition puppets. The price of that would be worth about eight hundred million mixed elements.”

“The fourth item is the most valuable. It’s the most valuable apparatus within the control room, the apparatus are all made of G grade and F grade metals. Their energy system is incredibly complex, I don’t even dare scan it. However, just the metal from the apparatus alone would be worth over 500 million, of which the technology and other abilities are even more complex. They are probably worth much more. As for how high, I have no way to confirm.”

“Just these four items.”

“The entire price must be extremely high, at least more than the goods you’ve accumulated over these 1,000 years. The total sum of your 1,000 years here would only be worth about one hundred million mixed elements. This is far from this ship’s value.”

Luo Feng nodded and laughed.

It was time for the harvest!

It was definitely worth it to fight against those with background. He had only acquired a single ship, yet his rewards were that huge. The wealth of that automaton warrior did give him a shock.

“How do I sell this though?” Luo Feng pondered.

“I’ll advise you to first get an estimate from the Virtual Universe Company.” Babata said.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

…

He first scanned through all the items and made records of them before simulating them in the virtual universe.

Within the virtual universe primal region, Luo Feng’s villa.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, it’s an honor to meet you. To receive an invite from you really makes me, Nuo Si Wu Xi honored.” A green robed fat undying with two fish eyes bowed low to display his respect to Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was the primal chaos city leader’s disciple, naturally his position was extremely high.

“Thanks.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Look.” Luo Feng pointed to the land beside. On it was a broken pyramid ship, this was completely simulated.

“This is?” The undying asked curiously.

“This is my spoils of war. I’d like to ask, as the purchasing head of the company, what price can you give me.” Luo Feng asked. The Virtual Universe Company naturally had a purchasing department. They normally let their AIs handle the deals, the higher value deals however were run by the internal members.

Nuo Si Wu was one of the main managers of this department, he normally dealt with emperors.

“The ship is damaged, it should be worth a few million mixed elements.” He said casually. Having frequently dealt with emperors, he didn’t care about such low numbers.

“The true goods are inside.” Luo Feng smiled, “Follow me.”

“Ah?”

Nuo Si Wu was shocked, he was curious about this disciple of the primal chaos city leader.

He entered the broken pyramid along with Luo Feng.

“This is an automaton ship, and one from a warrior with quite some background.” Nuo Wu Si looked at the décor within, smiling as he passed judgment. When he first saw the G grade puppet, he nodded and complemented, “G grade puppet, its metal alone is worth twenty million mixed elements.”

“These are the 1.52 million puppets I collected, of which 530,000 are damaged while one million of them are still fine. These are the damaged ones and the perfect ones.”

“This is the most valuable apparatus I acquired, it’s able to set up a powerful space that can even trap an emperor.”

…

After the viewing, Nuo Wu Si was shocked, because even an emperor usually only had a wealth of only about ten billion mixed elements. They would hardly have a deal worth tens of billions.

“The automaton puppets are only slightly damaged, only their energy cores have been shattered. Since their important parts are still fine, they only require light repairs. The 1.53 million puppets are exceptional goods even amongst the F9 items. They’d be worth a few hundred mix elements each. The cost of building them within humanity is much higher…on average they’d require about 1,000 mixed element each, hence I can give you a price of 1.5 billion mixed elements.”

“Of course.”

“The most valuable items is the apparatus, this batch…uses extremely good materials and the most important thing is their usage. This is considered top class even within the automaton race, a knight level warrior probably spent quite a bit of energy to create them. To get an automaton knight to build something like that…it’s worth a lot, but it’s a pity this is only a part of it. As for the apparatus…I can give you a price of three billion mixed elements.”

Nuo Si Wu finally gave Luo Feng the estimates.

“Including all the other little items, I can raise them slightly higher. I’ll give you a total price of 4.6 billion mixed elements.” He smiled, “I’m normally not this generous with normal emperors.”

“4.6 billion mixed elements?” Luo Feng was surprised.

“Thanks, I’ll think about it.” Luo Feng said.

“Haha, no rush. If you wish to sell them, you can find me anytime.” Nuo Si Wu smiled, “Your majesty’s rewards are huge, especially the apparatus. However, if you could get the complete set made by that knight, it would be worth a lot more.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Nuo Si Wu left.

“Haha…even the Virtual Universe Company is willing to fork out 4.6 billion.” Luo Feng smiled, “This sure is worth a lot, that automaton warrior must really have some background.”

“Not bad.” Babata smiled, “Fighting a powerful enemy brings bigger rewards. Fortune and disaster go hand in hand after all.”

“This is fortune, how can this be a disaster.” Luo Feng smiled. “Right now I’m wondering how to get a higher price and through what means should I go through.”


Chapter 808: Deal

what was the best way to get the highest price for his goods?

“I’ll have to rely on the network.”

He searched for information on how to sell stuff, reading each article carefully.

“Ah, Hong Alliance?” Luo Feng looked at the screen and frowned. “According to this, the rarest and most valuable items in humanity are normally dealt within the Hong alliance? These treasures are only circulated within the large number of powerful warriors in this alliance, and only they can give a true high price. However, I’ve not been invited into the alliance.”

“Hm.”

After thinking for awhile.

He immediately contacted his teacher True Yan.

“Du…du…”

A gold armored ape appeared in the screen, it was True Yan. His eyes were like lightning as they looked at Luo Feng. He laughed and said, “My dear disciple, why have you contacted me?”

“Teacher.” Luo Feng said respectfully, “I have a favor to ask of you.”

“Speak.” True Yan smiled.

“It’s like this.” Luo Feng swiftly said. “I acquired some valuable items in the outer region wars, however I don’t wish to simply sell them to the Virtual Universe Companies buying department. I want to get your help…to help me sell them to the Hong alliance.”

“Ah?” True Yan frowned, “Sending to the Hong alliance to sell?”

Luo Feng nodded.

“The Hong alliance isnt ordinary at all.” True Yan warned. “They are a huge alliance formed mainly by humans with other powerful warriors from other races! One has to at least be emperor level to become a member. Even for the staff position, many warriors are fighting to send their sector lords and undyings…”

“There!”

“Countless powerful warriors are gathered within, deals are a normal thing. I, True Yan, do indeed know many warriors within. It’s not that I can’t help you, I only have one request, and that is that it has to be valuable. Otherwise, I’d simply lose my reputation.” True Yan said.

“What is considered a treasure?” Luo Feng asked.

“Worth at least 1 billion mixed elements and up” He replied. “If it’s not even worth that much, don’t make me lose my face.”

“Teacher, this is the detailed information about my goods, I’ll send it to you.” Luo Feng sent a mail. “These goods…the buying department of the company offered me 4.6 billion mixed elements.”

“4.6 billion?”

True Yan was shocked, staring hard at his disciple. “The company will definitely give you the lowest price possible, yet that alone is worth 4.6 billion? My disciple, just who did you steal from, earning the wealth of an emperor like that.”

Luo feng smiled.

True Yan began to look through the information.

“Hehe, an automaton knight created this special weapon? This is worth a lot.” True Yan nodded, “My disciple, leave it to me, I will sell it at a high price. Haha, I was wise to have you as my student, your treasure earning ability is three times that of your third senior.”

Luo Feng smiled.

“The fastest this would take is half a day, slowest 3 to 5 days, just wait for my call.”

“Pa.”

True Yan disconnected and went to carry out the favor.

Actually, dealing in such big deals did give one a sense of achievement. True Yan had spent countless years in Primal chaos city, he hardly ever had such dealings. He was happy to actually work with such a deal with the Hong alliance, going through his connections to get a high price.

…

Luo feng currently had two teachers, True Yan and the primal chaos city leader.

Luo Feng had spent a long time with True Yan. Since True Yan’s character was straightforward, Luo Feng always felt relaxed and friendly with him. With the city leader however, he felt extreme pressure, he had to always maintain full respect.

Hence, for certain matters, Luo Feng would rather look for True Yan rather than bother the city leader.

Unless it was a huge matter, he didn’t dare disturb the leader.

“Slowest would be 3 to 5 days?”

Luo Feng sat before his desk and gently tapped the screen. “Then I shall do some studying on scanners.”

“Hua!”

Detailed information and numbers appeared.

sfret01——102983, scanning area of one billion km in diameter. It requires five million points (lowest discount 5%, highest 10%, you get 6%.)

sfret01——102983, scanning area 300 million km in diameter. Requires four million points (lowest discount 5%, highest 10%, you get 6%.)

…

sdu01——000001, scanning area one billion km in diameter. Requires fifty billion points (lowest discount 5%, highest 10%, you get 6%.)

sdu02——000001, scanning area of 300 million km in diameter. Requires forty billion points (lowest discount 5%, highest 10%, you get 6%.)

…

…

a111——192039, scanning area 100 km in diameter. Requires one million points (lowest discount 5%, highest 10%, you get 6%.) a112——192039, scanning area 20 km in diameter. Requires 800,000 points (lowest discount 5%, highest 10%, you get 6%.)

…

…

The scanners were mostly separated into two kinds.

One was with large areas, normally about 100 million km, 300 million km and 1 billion km in diameter. The better it was, the more area one would be able to see, like the 300 million and 1 billion km types.

The other type was the small area. Normally with diameters of 10 km, 20km, and 100km. The higher ones were 20km and 100km.

The large ones…could scan ships from far, it was easier to set up.

The small ones…were normally for universe secret regions, it scanned small areas extremely well. As its area was small, it could do a higher level scan.

“Hu.”

Luo feng continued to read through the information, the many high level scanners were usually not available even to primal region members. Luo Feng however was able to see everything…but he couldn’t even afford them. When he saw they required ten billion points or even hundred billion, he could only stare wide eyed.

“Absurd prices.”

“Even with my discount, I still can’t afford it.”

Luo Feng pondered, “What grade should I buy this time? Ten million points level? Over hundred million points level? Billion points?”

Back when he bought his scanner in primal chaos city, he had no experience whatsoever. He purely looked at some information about scanners used in the outer region wars and bought one. However… having been here for over 1,000 years and suffered some losses, he knew exactly what he needed.

“I’m too stupid.”

“There’s no need to have a one billion km diameter scanner. I just need a three hundred million km area.”

“I’ll also buy a specialized small area scanner, it’ll serve me better when I am closer.”

“The two scanner would complement each other when both were used.”

“For the large area…I have two choices. One of them is for two billion points, the higher level one is six billion points. As for the small one, I’ll have to spend quite a bit too.” He thought. “Let’s see how much teacher can bring in from my goods.”

Luo Feng had many things he wanted to buy. The most pressing being the scanner, he also wanted to nurture the cloud contact vine and other items.

However…

They all needed money.

“Ku Tuo.”

“Yang.”

A black armored Luo Feng with black wings on his back lifted his wine glass with the green armored and furry man.

“Yang, how are your rewards?” Ku Tuo asked.

“Normal, you should know too, that official level undyings all have undying bodies, killing every one of them is extremely hard.” Luo Feng lifted his glass. “I only killed about 100 officials over the last 1,000 years. All of them were mostly low officials while there were very few high officials, and that is still lucky. Hm, the points take too long to accumulate.”

“It’s very hard to kill undying bodies.” The furry man put down his glass angrily, shaking his head. “I’m also at emperor level, the pinnacle officials are obviously weaker than me, and yet I cannot do anything about them. Killing a hundred officials over 1,000 years is not bad already. It’s even better than me, right, where are you situated?”

“Yan Ji continent.” Luo Feng replied.

“Yan Ji continent?” Ku Tuo stared, “You are already emperor level, yet you are still there? You can come to Star tower already, I’m right there!”

“The most dangerous place in the seventh battlefield?” Luo Feng smiled.

There were several extremely dangerous places in the seventh battlefield, the closest from the twenty sixth camp was star tower.

“Even though it’s dangerous, it’s full of encounters.” Ku Tuo advised, “Whenever you head over, let’s work together.”

“Ku Tuo.”

“Ku Tuo.”

Three voices resounded and three silhouettes walked over, the formless pressure they emanated was terrifying.

Even though the restaurant was huge, the other normal undyings and officials all naturally stayed away from this region, because the undyings here were all emperors.

“Ha.” Ku Tuo waved his hand and said to Luo Feng, “These three are my comrades in Star tower. I’ve explored the areas with them, let me introduce you.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Come come come, I’ll introduce you all to my new friend Yang.” Ku Tuo shouted to the three emperors.

…

Luo feng waited patiently within the twenty sixth camp for his teacher’s answer, while making friends with the emperors within.

On the third day, true Yan finally contacted Luo Feng.


Chapter 809: Information on Blood River Crystals

At dawn, mist engulfed the river.

On an island within, Luo Feng lay within the hot springs, and was relaxing his body, when True Yan suddenly contacted him.

“Hurry over to my palace on Lightning island.”

“Yes teacher.”

…

Virtual universe Lightning island, countless undyings within the Virtual Universe Company stayed here, True Yan’s palace was one of them.

“Your majesty, his lord is within.” A guide showed Luo Feng the way.

“My disciple, hurry in.” True Yan’s voice boomed from within.

Luo Feng immediately entered.

With a glance, three warriors were sitting around a table within. One of them was True Yan, another had feathered wings and gold eyes, while the last one was a huge silhouette, almost like black mud.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng shouted respectfully as he entered.

“Haha…” True Yan smiled, “Let me introduce you.”

“These are other race warriors. This is Desire emperor and this is Black heart emperor.” True Yan pointed at the feathered warrior and then the black mud like warrior. All of them wore a smile, of which the feathered warrior Desire emperor smiled and said, “This is your disciple True Yan, and the disciple of the primal chaos city leader. True Yan, you don’t have to introduce him, his reputation is quite wide spread.”

“Hm.” The black mud like warrior nodded.

“Disciple, sit.” True Yan pointed at the chair beside.

“Yes.”

Luo Feng sat down.

“I’ve already arranged everything for you.” True Yan explained, “The grade puppet and the 1.53 million puppets will all go to desire emperor. That apparatus…will go to black heart emperor. The prices have been set, Desire emperor is willing to give you 1.8 billion mixed elements. Black heart emperor is willing to give you 4.3 billion.”

Luo Feng nodded within.

The automaton puppets were easily accessible to such powerful warriors. The Virtual Universe Company was willing to give him 1.5 billion, the highest it could go would probably be about two billion.

Hence, 1.8 billion was already very high, the puppets were after all common items.

The Nine absolute god country apparatus however was a rare item. Although it wasn’t worth much to people uninterested in the automaton weapons, to the collectors however, it was a true treasure. They could dissect it and carefully analyze it…studying their methods.

“Luo Feng.” Black heart emperor said, “Do you know anything about this apparatus?”

“This is one portion of the device used to set up the Nine absolute god country.” Luo Feng immediately explained. “When set up, even a pinnacle emperor would be trapped within…and combined with the special automaton puppets within, it can unleash several special attacks, its power is absolute.”

“Hm.” Black heart emperor’s eyes gleamed, nodding as he smiled, “Trap? Attacks? Let’s immediately begin the exchange then.”

“Alright.” Luo Feng nodded.

Luo Feng discussed with the two emperors and swiftly confirmed their method of exchange…using the Virtual Universe Company as the middleman to deliver the goods and confirm the exchange. The commission for such a deal would usually have a high of 1,000 mixed elements max, lowest being one mixed element. For such a deal…

As both black heart emperor and Desire emperor were both outside humanity’s territories, both deals were charged 100 mixed elements as commission.

Compared to the deal involving 6.1 billion mixed elements, this was nothing.

…

After the deal was settled.

Both emperors were interested in getting along with the primal chaos city leader’s disciple, they were after all races subservient to humanity. Even as generals for humanity, they mostly used mixed elements as their currency. Since humanity has such a large influence on them, a being such as the city leader…was looked up to and worshipped by them too. It was a pleasure for them to talk to Luo Feng.

They chatted and ate.

During the banquet, a team from the company in reality went to collect the goods from Luo Feng.

The goods were confirmed!

Black heart emperor and desire emperor naturally transferred the funds.

“Hm?” After the banquet, Desire emperor suddenly stood up as he was discussing his experiences in the secret region.

“What’s the matter?”

Black heart emperor and True Yan both looked at him shocked.

Luo Feng was curious too.

“The Hong alliance has opened a blood river crystal auction! It will begin immediately!” Desire emperor said softly, his eyes suppressing his excitement.

“Blood river crystal auction? The other two emperors were shocked.

“Hmm, we’ll see if I can get any this time.” Desire emperor’s eyes were filled with anticipation, after which he smiled, “True Yan, you are already pinnacle emperor, almost akin to a knight…don’t fight with us for the crystals.”

“Blood river crystals are effective even for knights, why shouldn’t I fight for them?” True Yan mocked.

“Bring it! Anyway, there will be many others.” Desire emperor shook his head, “Let’s go participate in the auction.”

“You two go on ahead.” True Yan said.

“Luo Feng, we’ll be leaving first.” The two emperors said their goodbyes and rushed off, vanishing from the hall.

Only True Yan and Luo Feng were left behind.

“Teacher…what’s with the auction for blood river crystals? I remember they are banned items, banned from deals, auctions etc.” Luo Feng asked.

“Ah, right, you’ve been to Blood river continent.”

True Yan smiled and nodded, “You must remember one thing, anything that is banned, is all only relative. Even the most valuable items, they may be banned for sector lords, but the undyings can still make deals! If they are banned for undyings…the knights may still exchange them freely, the term ban is only relative to different levels.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

It was as such.

“Hong Alliance is an alliance led by humans with many other races, naturally many valuable items will appear.” True Yan said.

“The blood river crystals?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask.

Absorbing them was extremely hard. A human absorbing ten crystals was already unbelievable, what would be the benefit of auctioning them?

“Why are even the knights fighting for the crystals?” Luo Feng asked, “Absorbing them is extremely hard.”

“Of course it’s hard.”

“At sector lord level, the body’s genetics are evolved to its limit. A human absorbing ten crystals is already unbelievable.” True Yan laughed loudly. “However, the crystals…these are condensed crystals of the Beast god’s essence, they are crystals of its blood.”

“The Beast god is a being akin to a knight, and as a powerful natural beast of the universe, with gold and space infused within its body, the crystals’ wonders…do you think there’d simply be just one way to absorb them?”

Luo Feng was stunned.

So that was it…the crystals were essences, condensed blood of the beast god?

“The crystals have many uses, with huge benefits even to the knights.” True Yan nodded. “However humanity’s upper echelon has a strict control on these important items, usually only supplying them to the strongest! Hence very rarely would there be a few blood river crystals circulating to be auctioned. These crystals…are important treasures to any blood and flesh life form.”

“Every hundred crystals form a unit, because a hundred of them can form one drop of the beast god’s blood.” True yan said.

“However…I’m currently at the emperor pinnacle level. What I lack is the law comprehension, external treasures are useless to me. Hence, I won’t bother fighting for them.” True Yan smiled, “When I become a knight, I’d probably have to go fight for some too.”

“Haha…the blood river crystal auctions normally attract many powerful warriors, I’ll head over just to join in the fun. You should return.”

Luo Feng replied, “Yes teacher.”

Shua!

True Yan vanished from the hall.

“Blood river crystal? A hundred of them can be condensed into one drop of the beast god’s blood?” Luo Feng muttered. “A true treasure to any flesh and blood life form, one that even knights will fight for?”

“Damn.”

“Back then, the Virtual Universe Company gave us universe level punks a low price of 600 points for one crystal.” Luo Feng smiled weirdly. Shaking his head, “Seems right, we were simply universe level punks, they needn’t give us too high a price. To them, they already gave us a chance to acquire the crystals. How would the little punks know that these crystals were incredibly important treasures to the emperors and knights.”

Sou!

Luo Feng vanished too.

…

A hundred crystals could be condensed into a drop of the beast god’s blood, and it was hard for the universe level geniuses to acquire even a few of them. Luo Feng, who was supposed to be a universe level, had a powerful domain lord clone proficient in assassination, the mosha body…

This was too rare.

And back then, he had used the mosha body to steal close to 10,000 crystals.

Back then, facing the 600 points per crystal price, he fought hard against his desire for more points. He was sure that these crystals were true treasures and that he shouldn’t sell them.

…

“Haha, I never would have expected the uses and benefits of the crystals would be that important in the future.” Luo Feng walked out of the hot springs. The water flowed off his body, the chill from the air made him comfortable.

He casually lay in a chair.

The more he thought of it, the happier he got.

Wise, he was wise to keep all the crystals, this was a fortune.

“Right.”

“Back then my universe level human body only absorbed three crystals. Now that I’m sector lord pinnacle, and I’m trained in the nameless manual, my cells have evolved.” Luo Feng thought. “It’s time to try absorbing the crystals again.”

It had been many years since he last tried.

As it was too hard to simply absorb the three crystals last time, with the Black warrior… even a being, a legend within the history of blood river continent, he always thought he would never reach ten crystals. And without reaching ten crystals, the rise in his power would be limited. Hence, he never gave it another shot, just like that…a few thousand years had passed.


Chapter 810: Deep Pockets

Within the room, Luo Feng sat crossed legged.

“Absorbing a new crystal always gets increasingly difficult. However, my body is much stronger than before, who knows how many I can absorb now.” Luo Feng wasn’t confident in absorbing ten blood river crystals simply because the black warrior was but a legend in Blood river continent.

From his absorption back then, his genetic make up was much stronger now, even with the nameless manual. However that was only the first level.

It was still extremely hard to become a black warrior!

“Let’s begin.”

He flipped his hand and brandished one blood river crystal.

It was a triangular crystal that was completely blood red and translucent. It gave off energy ripples that were almost like a heartbeat.

“Back then when I first saw a crystal, I thought it was like a life form. But, now I know that it’s the blood crystals from the fallen Beast god.” Luo Feng slashed his palm and allowed the crystal to make contact with the bleeding wound.

The killing intent permeated his skin and his body changed. He was familiar with this feeling. For someone that had absorbed over hundred crystals, this level of pain…was nothing.

After awhile.

The fourth crystal was completely absorbed. Luo Feng was very calm, absorbing up to five or six crystals was within his expectations.

“Who knows which one I can get to.” He flipped his hand and brandished the fifth.

Fifth crystal!

Sixth!

Seventh!

“The seventh one succeeded as well!” Luo Feng’s face was covered in perspiration from the pain. But his eyes were gleaming excitedly, “I actually succeeded in absorbing the seventh. Back then, it took countless years to produce an absolute genius like the Blood God Ba Qi, and he only absorbed eight crystals. My body genetics aren’t exactly the strongest, is it because I trained in the nameless manual that I’m able to go through this change?”

“I’ll try the eigth.” Luo Feng took out another crystal.

Absorb!

Success!

“Ah…I’ve caught up with Ba Qi.” He blinked his eyes, “Let’s try the ninth.”

He couldn’t help but grow in excitement. He may truly become a black warrior, he easily withstood the killing intent from the ninth, as the energy poured into his body…

“Pa!”

His muscles and skin began to tear apart.

“Ka Cha.” His bones broke.

After which the blood river energy flowed back into the crystal, the absorption of the ninth crystal had failed!

…

“Absorbing the eighth is already beyond my expectations. I only have an earthling’s human body, the only special trait is being trained in the nameless manual. And it allowed me to reach the level of that absolute genius Blood god Ba Qi.” Luo Feng was shocked. The nameless manual was simply unbelievable.

In truth, once one’s genetics reached its limits, it was hard to evolve further.

The first level of the nameless manual allowed him to raise his body strength three times! What level of gene evolution did it take to get such an effect?

“Absorbing eight crystals have very little effect on my strength though.” Luo Feng shook his head.

Absorbing three, ten, hundred, these were there limits.

After the third crystal, one’s melding with the universe energies would double.

After the tenth, one would reach three times! And triggering the blood river energy would cause one’s cells to evolve temporarily and rise in strength.

At eight crystals however, compared to passing the three crystals from before…his strength had risen just a little more than before.

He walked out of the room full of perspiration. He jumped into the pool barefoot and swam about casually at the bottom.

He was already very satisfied with absorbing eight crystals.

Even though his strength didn’t rise that much, it showed how powerful the nameless manual was.

“If, if I can get the second level of the nameless manual, my body will once again go through a huge evolution. I may be able to absorb 10 crystals.” Luo Feng shook his head helplessly. For such a heavenly manual, getting the first level alone was a huge miracle, how hard would it be to get the second?

“Hm.”

“The earth body is at its limit. I’ll let the Golden horned beast try to absorb more crystals.” Luo Feng lay on the rocks as the warm water flowed about him. Simultaneously, he began trying to let the beast absorb more blood river crystals.

He wasn’t too anxious about letting the beast absorb more crystals.

Mainly due to the fact that absorbing hundred crystals seemed to already be the maximum amount. Luo Feng could withstand the killing intent and power of the hundred and first crystal a long ago. However, the right claw was unable to absorb anymore blood river energy. The Beast god howling picture formed from triggering the energy was already very perfect.

The right claw had reached its limit!

Then, he could only absorb the crystals with the rest of the body. However, no matter how strong his willpower was, to absorb another hundred crystals…would at most make its other body parts as strong as the right claw. Even so, its entire body strength would double from before.

And this is only after absorbing another hundred. One had to know that each new crystal got harder and harder, Luo Feng didn’t dare expect too much.

“101st!”

“102nd!”

Within his internal world, the beast began its absorption. He picked the back portion this time mainly because this was the core of the body’s strength, and the wings were on its back too. If it was strong enough, it would be easier to use the Sha Wu Wings and unleash its strength.

“The back just begun to absorb crystals, the gene change is starting from zero Hence, the pain is very minimal.” Luo Feng smiled as he lay in the river.

Crystal after crystal.

110th…

120…

130…

The killing intent got stronger and stronger. However, Luo Feng was only a few hundred years old when he absorbed the first hundred, and with a few thousands years passing since then…his long years of comprehension and connection to the universe source had trained his consciousness and willpower. It made his mental state strength much stronger than before. Even though he was only in the first level of mental state training, Knowing oneself, his willpower was incredible.

The higher level of mental state training may not necessarily be stronger than the lower levels.

The second level of Innocence compared to the first level was normally much stronger.

However Luo Feng constantly pushed the limits of the first level. His willpower back then was but a few hundred years old.

140th…

150th…

160th…

162, 163, 164, 165!

“The 166th crystal has failed, my willpower cannot take it.” Luo Feng revealed a smile, “To absorb 165 crystals is already not bad. It gets harder towards the end, and my willpower has improved quite a bit over these few thousand years.”

Even though the beast had absorbed sixty five crystals in its back.

The entire strength of the beast had probably only risen by ten percent.

As the back strength was but a small portion of its entire strength, it couldn’t compare to the right claw, hence the growth was limited.

The fourth day Luo Feng stayed in the camp.

“Rumble!” Three silhouettes flew above the mountain ranges and quickly reached Luo Feng’s private island.

“Haha, you are finally here.”

Luo Feng strode out.

“Sir, these are the goods you ordered.” The three silhouettes were led by an undying. He respectfully handed a world ring, “This world ring is complementary.” The ring flew straight at Luo Feng and floated before him.

“Hm.” Luo Feng accepted it excitedly.

After fighting for so long and thinking hard, he was simply just waiting for the goods.

He had completely spent the 6.1 billion mixed elements. Giving a world ring worth one mixed element was normal for such a huge deal.

“We’ll take our leave.”

“Go on.”

Luo Feng waved his hand and entered his house excitedly. From start to end, the three workers from the Virtual Universe Company never set foot on his island. As this was a private island, the army had ruled that no one was allowed to set foot on it without Luo Feng’s permission.

“They are finally here.”

“I spent all of my 6.1 billion.” Luo Feng sat in the chair beside and immediately used the mosha body to check the goods.

He had gotten 6.1 billion from Black heart and Desire emperor back then, immediately exchanging all of it for 6.1 billion points. Under normal circumstances, only after becoming undying would one be able to exchange mixed elements for points. However, after Luo Feng became the disciple of the primal chaos city leader, his authority had risen higher than most emperors. Naturally he had the right to exchange mixed elements for points.

After getting 6.1 billion points, plus the 180 million he had from before.

He began to splurge.

Firstly, he bought two types of scanners. A large one that cost two billion points, only few emperors could afford something like that. And a small scanner that cost 1.8 billion, even though it could only scan an area of twenty kilometer, it’s detail and level of scan was akin to the large scanners worth 100s of billions. Meaning…with this small scanner, as long as a few powerful warriors discovered Luo Feng, even if his own large scanner couldn’t detect them…his small one would.

Secondly, he bought the best combination of items to nurture the cloud contact vine to undying level, spending a total of 1.53 billion points! Naturally, even so, the chances of the cloud contact vine becoming undying was still only 50%.

Thirdly, he bought one Flame god core crystal, akin to a high emperor’s self destruct. This was enough to kill even a high level emperor or harm a pinnacle emperor, and he had spent 800 million points on this. Back then in primal chaos city when Luo Feng had three billion points, he had exchanged for Flame god crystals before. He had gotten two low level emperor crystals, after spending four hundred million points. The only thing was that he was never actually forced to use them yet.

With the three of them together.

He spent a total of 6.13 billion, leaving him with only 150 million points.

He couldn’t wait any longer, “To make the cloud contact vine reach undying…the evolution process would require quite some time. While returning I’ll evolve it, I’ll head out now…back to Yan Ji main continent.”

…

After bidding goodbye to the emperors he had been hanging out with, Luo Feng sat in his ship alone and left the twenty sixth camp, heading back to the main continent.


Chapter 811: Cloud Contact Vine

This was a disc shaped E9 ship. It had begun universe travel at the spot closest to the twenty sixth camp.

Within the dark universe.

“The ship is proceeding at light speed. It will take 122 hours to reach Yan Ji main continent’s travel spot.” Babata’s voice resounded within the control room.

“Accelerate a little.” Luo Feng ordered within, “Make it so that we reach there in 3.5 days.”

“Yes.”

The ship slightly got faster, maintaining its stability.

Luo Feng closed his eyes, saying softly, “According to the plan, the cloud contact vine evolution process requires three days. I hope that it succeeds.”

…

Within his internal world.

In the center island of the continent, a thick vine had spread over tens of thousands of km. It was the full form of the cloud contact vine.

“Cloud contact vine.”

“Howl.:

Ten thick and several km long vine flew straight towards the black clothed Luo Feng. Hua hua…the surrounding leaves immediately made way and cleared a space for Luo Feng.

“Cloud contact vine, good.” Luo Feng rubbed the little vine and smiled, “Make an area with a diameter of 1,000 km.”

Countless leaves swiftly pulled back.

The surrounding space was cleared, a clear empty space of 1,000 km in diameter around Luo Feng appeared.

“Enough.” Black clothed Luo Feng flipped his hand and seven glaring red fruits appeared in mid air.

“First step.” Luo Feng got serious.

“Vine, swallow them.” He ordered.

Rumble!

Seven vines rushed over and immediately swallowed the water melon sized red glaring fruits. after which, red light began to glow throughout the plant. It seemed to struggle slightly from the pain.

“Pain, pain…” The vine communicated.

“Bear with it.” Luo Feng flipped his hand and a huge stone basin appeared in mid air, and it was filled with a jade green like liquid.

“Swallow it.” He continued.

As time passed.

All sorts of materials appeared and the vine continued to swallow them all. According to the detailed instructions, just this process alone took up to two whole days. The amount of materials added up to only a small portion of the vine. However, one could only imagine how much it was considering it was worth 1.53 billion points.

“As for the final step…these 18 materials, swallow them all!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with madness as he ordered.

Seemingly normal vines that gave off terrifying energy madly wrapped about the materials. In the blink of an eye, it swallowed everything.

“Vine!”

“Now it’s all up to you, do you breakthrough to undying or will my investment be for naught, it’s a gamble now.” Luo Feng stared at the surrounding vines. It seemed calm after swallowing the latest materials, however crackling noises almost like cannons resounded within.

Tens of km of vines began to glow with colorful lights, it was mesmerizing. The vines also constantly tore apart with countless fragments leaving the main body, it relied on its regenerative ability to regrow them.

Tear!

Regrow!

The old fragments vanished as new ones appeared.

The entire cloud contact vine seemed to have shed its entire whole body and evolved to something else. Changing over and over…it continued to evolve, the efficiency was terrifying.

Time passed and Luo Feng watched from mid air as the vine twisted over and over and regrew. He couldn’t help but mutter, “Withstand it, you have to continue on. The moment you stop, the evolution will fail.”

After one whole hour.

The cloud contact vine that tore apart every few seconds had evolved like that for one whole hour.

An hour later.

“Weng…” The now completely gold cloud contact vine which had been storing its special energy within seemed to finally find the chance to explode open. The originally excited and glaring gold cloud contact vine suddenly had special explosions of energy from every leaf.

It’s energy soared instantly!

The gold cloud contact vine instantly froze up, ice crystals forming throughout its vines and leaves.

It was like a huge ice sculpture, not moving at all, almost like it was dead. Only a faint very weak energy rippled from within, small changes still occurring on the surface of the vines.

“Whoa!” Black clothed Luo Feng felt the surrounding cold and said softly, “So cold, I wonder who in the universe created this evolution process for the cloud contact vine. The many steps are all incredibly detailed, it should have been some powerful chemist or many generations of chemist constantly perfecting it.”

Seeing the evolution process reminded him of techniques used by chemists.

“The last day.”

“Vine.”

Luo Feng looked at the ice statue, “You have to withstand it to the last step and breakthrough to undying. Otherwise you’ll fail, it’s the last day, you have to last till the end.”

This one day of being frozen was the most dangerous step of the entire evolution process.

Seconds passed as little changes occurred within the vine. Luo Feng held his breath and watched as he was in fear of the vine crumbling.

“Hold on.”

“You have to.” He muttered. Every second seemed extra long, it felt like a hundred years or even a thousand.

During this one day of being frozen, there were many tiny changes occurring within the cloud contact vine. After it finally reached its limit, the ice crystals instantly melted off and the cloud contact vine rushed madly into the sky. The 216 vines were still with countless vines and leaves expanding and waving about in the air.

“Rumble!”

A terrifying spirit shook the area.

“Breaking through the confines and connecting to the universe source. This is the final step!” Luo Feng stared hard in mid air, gripping his fists hard. Even though he had the hundred vine star eating plant breaking through back then, the difference between the hundred vine star eating plant and his cloud contact vine was too huge to compare.

The probability of that hundred vine star eating plant breaking through was extremely high. As for his cloud contact vine, it only had a 50% probability, and the amount of materials used was much much more.

The vine had reached the final step.

Weng…

A formless pressure descended.

Luo Feng who was originally in mid air was forced to land on the ground and kneel from the pressure.

“The universe source pressure.” Luo Feng was extremely gleeful. “It’s succeeded!”

It’s consciousness had connected to the universe source!

The laws had descended!

At this moment!

It had broken through life’s constraints and became an undying!

Rumble…countless amounts of undying energy infused with wood laws poured into the cloud contact vine, as the gold leaves madly absorbed all the undying energy. This was the only chance it had to endlessly absorb the energy.

And world energy within fused with its body too and became undying energy.

It’s energy evolved!

Body evolution!

It’s spirit imprint swiftly entered every bit of its undying energy. From now, the undying energy was no longer free but governed by its spirit imprint. Even if its body was torn apart, the separated undying energy belonged only to it, allowing it to reform.

“Infuse into every bit of god energy, every cell, all into its spirit imprint.”

“Able to revive with even a shred of itself.”

“Undying body.” Luo Feng muttered from the distance, and his eyes were filled with glee.

The universe source slowly dispersed.

And the huge crystal like vine that spread over hundreds of thousands of km continued to change colors. Gold, silver, purple, black, green, blue…it began to control the pressure it emanated, yet the energy was still terrifying.

Everything was calm.

Sou! The vine swiftly shrank and became a crystal vine only a few meters tall.

Black clothed Luo Feng flew over and landed beside it, gently rubbing the vine and smiling, “Congratulations vine.”

“Thank you master.” A gentle voice resounded from the vine.

“When are you preparing to build your god country?” Luo Feng asked.

“The star eating plant has already built his. Master can use his to do god country teleportation. Hence, there’s no rush for me to do so. When you have extra time to look for another spot, I will then let my internal world fuse with a space fragment into a god country.” The vine’s consciousness was communicating with Luo Feng, its voice was gentle but clear.

“Haha…” Luo Feng was very happy within.

Honestly.

The cloud contact vine had been with him since earth. After so long and countless experiences, the vine had been fighting hard for him. In terms of feelings…it was almost like a brother to Luo Feng. Naturally he had more feelings for it than the star eating plant. When the star eating plant had become undying, Luo Feng was naturally happy that he had a strong ally. However, at this moment… it felt like a good friend had broken through to undying, he felt happy for it.

“No problem, I’m not lacking in time. We will go through universe travel later and look for a safe spot to teleport away via the star eating plant god country. Then we can choose a safe spot for you to build your god country.” Luo Feng said.

“Thank you master.” Its voice still gentle.

“Haha…” Luo Feng was very happy.

Back then his teacher had nurtured his 108 vine cloud contact vine to undying, with that it had the power of a low official.

Luo Feng’s cloud contact vine had 216 vines. At undying level, it was akin to a pinnacle official. And because of its sturdiness and strength, even though it was only at pinnacle official level, its body strength was akin to a low emperor human.


Chapter 812: Building A God Country

After three and half days of flying in the dark universe, the disc shaped ship finally went through universe travel and arrived at the closest travel point to Yan Ji Main continent.

Within the control room.

The cloud contact armor melded with his skin, the black armored Luo Feng had a pair of black feathered wings on his back as he gazed into the distant space. It was almost like he could see the distant Yan Ji man continent.

“It sure riles me up.”

“Luckily, that warrior is still on the main continent.” Luo Feng said softly. He could clearly feel the powerful calling from the distance, one that exceeded the soldier and general armor. Every cell in his body was responding and clearly locking on to the position of this calling, and it was on the main continent. It was obvious that warrior with the treasure was still there.

“That’s good!”

“I’ll go look for you very soon.” Luo Feng thought.

“Babata, find a desolate spot around here.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Understood.”

The ship flew swiftly, the seventh battlefield was separated into different regions. Some regions had desolate areas with very few warriors. Hence, after flying for more than a day, the ship found a rather desolate spot.

Hua! The cabin door opened.

A black armored Luo Feng jumped out alone, floating in space as he kept the ship in his world ring.

Sou!

He became a black beam of light and landed on an asteroid, after which he drilled deep inside. There were many signs of old tunnels within. However, Luo Feng could tell they were there from a long time ago.

“Scan with the scanners…this asteroid’s caves hasn’t had life forms in here for the past 100,000 years.”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng looked around and nodded, “Very good, this asteroid has a diameter of about 10km, and its material doesn’t seem to be weaker than that of Shattered Stars. It’s definitely enough to be used as a marker.”

“Star eating, give me a leaf.” Luo Feng ordered.

A leaf floated out from the star eating plant on his shoulder and landed in his palms. This leaf was after all formed from undying energy. If a scanner was to scan it…it could easily feel its energy.

Luo Feng brandished a space ring and placed the leaf within, after which he tossed the space ring into a crack in the asteroid.

“Marker settled.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Star eating, god country teleportation.” Luo Feng ordered.

The star eating plant beside him lit up, glowing with a glaring light as it engulfed the entire area, with Luo Feng within.

Weng! Luo Feng who was engulfed within gazed at a distant god mountain.

Xiu!

They travelled through this light speed path and entered the god country.

…

As they entered the star eating plant’s god country and later teleported out from it, they arrived straight within human territory.

The god country teleportation was very different from normal teleportation. Teleportation could be used any time during battle, but the god country teleportation couldn’t. There had to be two different points opening a path for the god country teleportation, and during this process, the pathway had to be extremely steady. But, a battle could easily disrupt the path and make it fail.

Hence…

Even though they had the god country teleport, no undying could actually use it during an intense battle.

When Luo Feng was heading towards Wu Long Starfield back then, he had left the star eating plant’s items at several spots, all for the sake of being able to travel back.

…

Within a mess of star bodies, there was a cave.

Gold light lit the area.

A black armored Luo feng appeared within.

“I’ve arrived.” Luo Feng looked about the black cave, there was no sense of life at all. The surface gravity was only a tenth of earth’s, without any of the gases, “I’ve already entered humanity’s territory.”

“I have to look for a desolate spot to let the cloud contact vine build its god country.”

Sou!

He flashed and flew out of the asteroid, in an instant reaching a million km away. After which, he sped up to light speed with his body and entered the dark universe. Normal undyings could all do it with just their body, naturally he could do it too.

…

“Cloud contact vine, how’s this spot? There aren’t any life planets in the surrounding 100,000 light years.” Luo Feng floated in space.

“Master, let’s do it here.” The two to three meter tall cloud contact vine said beside him.

“Alright.”

Luo Feng waved his hand and with a slash, it exceeded the strength of a normal sector lord pinnacle by 1,000s of times.

Tear!

A space slit appeared and Luo Feng stepped through with the cloud contact vine.

Within, there were countless space fragments.

Luo Feng stood in space.

God countries were all built within this layer of space. One had to first find a desolate spot, one that wouldn’t be frequented by other warriors. Battles could easily tear open spaces and they may unknowingly discover the god country. The universe was extremely vast, there were many suitable spots!

The second requirement was that one had to take into account for a god country teleportation to save money.

For example, if one was always within the Ganwu universe country, then building it within the country was most suitable. That way, the teleportation would use less resources. However…to Luo Feng, he didn’t really need to bother with such things, as he couldn’t always remain within one universe country.

“Space slit, I heard it’s split into tens of thousands of layers.”

“The first is the fragments.”

“The second is the god country layer.”

“The third is the space current.”

Luo Feng thought.

The space layers were a terrifying space. The fragment layer was very close to the primal space, and its threat was small. Sector lord warriors normally could already withstand this space, and the god country level was more steady, undyings could normally survive within. The fragments were much bigger, some had diameters of tens of thousands of km, up to 100 million km etc.

The next level was the space current…

Even the powerful undyings could die within, the deeper they went, the higher the threat was.

“It’s almost like swimming in the sea, the threat near the shore is small. The deeper one goes, the larger the threat. The deep end of the ocean is tumultuous, even a good swimmer might die.” Luo Feng muttered. “The space layer fragment is just like that, the deeper in one goes, the more dangerous it is.”

Sou!

He swiftly headed towards the fragments, he flew over trillions of km and spent ten days flying.

“I’ve flown far enough, this fragment is big enough.” He nodded.

“How’s this, vine?”

“Very good Master.”

In the distance.

Huge fragments were flying in disarray ahead, the huge ones were void of both space and life.

“Master, I’ll begin building my god country.” A crystal like cloud contact vine floated beside him. A formless energy immediately locked onto the distant fragment with a diameter of 30 million km. A world appeared and it seemed to exist in another space altogether, flying towards the fragment.

The fragment was affected by it and was drawn together.

The two of them, one was unreal while the other solid.

The two of them drew close!

One was with a diameter of less than 100,000 km, while another with one at thirty million km.

“Rumble…” It was almost like the sky and land were crashing. The 2 of them fused as they got closer, gradually, the void space fragment began to have a world appear within. The world solidified and became real.

Rumble!

The fusion was a success!

The internal world was gone, the god country was formed!

“Master, the god country has been built. From now on, it will continue to grow, even swallowing the space fragments about and growing bigger.” The cloud contact vine brought Luo Feng into the god country.

It had a diameter of less than 100,000 km.

And it was constantly spreading in all directions.

Luo Feng stood on a mountain peak and gazed at the expanding god country, looking up at the huge space fragment outside it, thinking, “Who knows when I can become an undying.”

“Master, your law comprehension is very high. As long as you are willing, you can probably quickly fully comprehend the space laws, and with your ability, breaking through the core wouldn’t be too hard.” The vine communicated, “However, the moment you breakthrough, you won’t be able to produce your 3rd clone.”

“Right.”

“Hence I’m afraid to train the gold laws now.” He shook his head and smiled.

The gold laws were indeed very easy for Luo Feng. He didn’t even study it now, and at the same time, he didn’t dare take the gamble!

The third clone…

He had high hopes for it, he had the Hui Suo beast’s hair for a long time. However, he didn’t want to simply settle on it. He could still exchange for some fragments of rare life forms from the Virtual Universe Company treasure trove. However, he was still waiting, because this was the final clone he would be able to make.

He definitely had to pick the best.

In the seventh battlefield.

Within an asteroid in a desolate area.

A glaring gold light lit up the pathways and a black armored silhouette appeared. It was Luo Feng who had left more than month ago. The main thing was to build the god country within the slits of space, the entire process of flying within the slits took quite some time.

Actually, there was no need for him to personally enter the god country layer, just letting the cloud contact vine do it was enough.

However, he wanted to personally see the building process, as he didn’t actually see it when the star eating plant did it last time.

“Safe.” Luo feng looked down at his arm screen. His large scanner and small scanner had been maintaining their area, there were no other warriors around.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew out of the asteroid.

“This powerful calling…it’s reminding me that the treasure awaits me.” He looked in the direction of the distant main continent. “However, the warrior holding such a treasure must be pretty strong. I’ll have to kill him to get the treasure.”

“At all costs!”

“I have to get it.”

“Move!” Luo Feng took his ship and headed towards the main continent.


Chapter 813: Encounter on Yan Ji Main Continent

Luo Feng headed towards the calling, after over four months of flying, he finally got close.

One billion km…900 million km…

The distance kept getting closer.

After awhile, it became 300 million km.

“Discovered the enemy’s scanner, he’s within an ice mountain cave.” Babata communicated. “His scanner has an area of 300 million km too. However, his scanner…is less advanced than ours.”

“Less advanced?” Luo Feng revealed a smile.

Great.

After having the experience of being disadvantaged, the feeling of having the advantage with the scanner once again was great, as it determined the fact…that this battle was now within his control.

“This is the enemy’s appearance.” Babata said.

Luo Feng looked up, a screen appeared in mid air and footage appeared, it was the other race warrior chatting.

There were a total of three warriors.

“Your majesty, what a pity. Even though we met that undying, we cannot deal with him. But, we cannot let him get away like that.” An underling undying said respectfully.

“My strength can harm a pinnacle official, killing them however is extremely hard, unless I’m willing to burn some of my undying energy.” The black armored youth shook his head. “Killing an undying body sure is hard, accumulating points sure is slow when one cannot kill a pinnacle official.”

…

The footage made Luo Feng frown.

“Able to harm a pinnacle official?” Luo Feng muttered, “It’s unlikely that he has a treasure like the Sha Wu wings, and if he can do that, that means he’s at least a high emperor. This is troublesome, and from where the treasure seems to feel like, it should on him.”

With a distance of two hundred million km, Luo Feng could feel the exact location of the treasure.

He could confirm now…

That the item was in the same spot as the black armored youth, it was definitely on him!

“What do I do?”

“It’s extremely hard for me to kill a high emperor.” Luo Feng frowned. “Even if I use all my energy, I’d still only have 10% of a chance of killing him.” Luo Feng began to plan on how to deal with the enemy. However the basis was still the requirement of strength.

If the enemy was too strong, no matter how precise his plan was, it was still useless.

This black armored youth was a high emperor, that meant it was troublesome.

…

200 million km away, within the completely frozen cave.

The black armored youth was talking to his two underlings.

“Go reflect and train.” The youth ordered. “Raise your strength, only then will we be able to kill a pinnacle official.”

“Yes your majesty.”

The three of them seemed to be chatting, however…

The were communicating mentally too in secret.

“The enemy’s large scanner is more advanced than ours, luckily our smaller scanner which only has an area of 20km picked up his scan.” The black armored youth emphasized. “However we can confirm that the enemy must be very strong considering the scanner he’s using.”

“Your majesty, what do we do?” The two of them asked.

“Let’s pretend to keep chatting.”

“Since he hasn’t detected our small scanner, we can pretend to chat…and lure him in. I can keep pretending to have high emperor level strength. A high emperor would have no threat on Yan Ji main continent. Even the powerful warriors would have to reconsider about using soul destruction techniques to kill a high emperor. The moment a high emperor self destructs, that would be terrifying.”

“Understood your majesty.”

After confirming secretly.

One of the underlings said, “Your majesty, what a pity, even though we met that undying, we cannot deal with him, and let him get away like that instead.”

“Our strength is enough to harm a pinnacle official, but to kill one, unless I’m willing to burn part of my undying energy.” The black armored youth shook his head, “The difficulty of killing an undying body…” The youth continued.

Their act…

Really confused Luo Feng, in truth the black armored only had the strength of a low emperor. The difference between a high and low emperor may not seem huge, in truth the power difference was shocking. Many undyings spent countless years training and breaking through, whether it was the god body or law comprehension, the difference was shocking.

A low emperor had to be careful on the main continent. A high emperor however could be a tyrant, unless he messed with some that were simply too powerful.

The three other race warriors communicated mentally.

“The enemy hasn’t left.”

“His scanner is locked on us.” The black armored youth said. “Even though our small scanner can detect him, it can only detect his scan. With a scan of only twenty km…when we truly detect him, he would already be twenty km away from us.”

The advantage of the small scanner was just this! It could at most act as security, to rely on it to discover the enemy’s location, that would be a joke.

“We are unable to detect his accurate location, we don’t know where to flee to either. Blindly fleeing could very likely result in him catching us, the chances of us getting away safely is less than 0.1%.” The youth said, “Our only option now is to scare him away. If we fight, we have to find our chance to flee.”

“Understood.” The two underlings replied.

“My plan is…”

The black armored youth swiftly told the two underlings his battle plan.

Luo Feng continued to get closer, his scanner constantly locked on the enemy’s location.

Within the control room, a screen projected their every move.

“Hm?” Luo Feng frowned suddenly, “What is he doing?”

On the screen, the black armored youth flipped his hand. A beautiful purple flower floated beside, after which it expanded out fiercely and grew out of the caves, countless flowers with thorns pierced through the rocks.

In almost an instant!

The flower had spread over 100,000 km, it completely wrapped the three other race warriors completely.

“Other race warrior!”

On the screen, the black armored youth said coldly, “I know you can hear what we are saying.”

Luo Feng frowned in the distance, “Damn, the worst case scenario has occurred.”

Luo Feng had his own mini scanner…hence he was afraid of this happening. Also, he had no way to avoid it, he could only rely on luck, hoping that the enemy didn’t have such a high level mini scanner. However from the looks of it, the enemy did have a very advanced mini scanner. Even though its area was small, it managed to discover his scan.

“I do not wish to fight against such a high level warrior.” The black armored youth emphasized. “You should know that the consequence of an emperor fight is extremely severe too. I’ve already invited my emperor allies over. The moment the battle begins, they will rush over, and when that happens…it’ll all depend on strength!”

Pa!

The screen immediately lost its image, it was obvious the black armored youth had used his mini scanner to shut off any scanning within his 20km. Luo feng was unable to see anything.

…

“Master, you’ve invited emperor allies?” The two underlings were surprised.

“It’s a ruse.” The youth snorted coldly. “Do you not know this? Hmph…his strength is unknown, and he could very likely be an extremely powerful warrior. Do you think that without knowing the level of strength the enemy is, the emperor allies would rush over to help? Even if I did invite them over, the price would be too high.”

No one was stupid in the outer region wars.

An emperor fight was risking it all, and anyone who was able to become an emperor would have his or her own methods. Who’d be willing to stupidly help out anybody? The moment they lose some of their precious trump cards, it would be too late to regret.

Like the automaton warrior inviting the two pinnacle emperors.

One, they had to have some history or relationship.

Two, the warrior had accurately measured the silver wing emperor’s strength along with its techniques etc, so the two pinnacle emperors had an idea of what to do.

Three, he spent a huge price, billions of mixed elements, and that wasn’t something just anybody could afford. Naturally, if it weren’t for the two pinnacle emperors, the cost wouldn’t be that absurd.

“Get ready for battle.”

“Hmph, even if we can’t win, I have faith in surviving.” The black armored youth flipped his hand and a black disc ship appeared within the flowers. “Enter the ship. If we get hit by a long distance attack, with the flowers protecting us and the F9 ship blocking, we wouldn’t lose out too much from the start.”

Luo Feng had lost the visual. Hence, he wasn’t clear on what sort of trap his enemy had set up for him.

“However…”

“Tricking me once, and trying to do so again.” Luo Feng thought coldly. “High emperor? If he was a high emperor, he wouldn’t act like that. Calling emperor allies? They don’t even know who I am, would they just come and help you. Also, it would take time to convince them to come over along with a huge price, it wouldn’t be that easy.”

“Babata.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Close the large scanner, and maintain the small one. Get close to him, within 10 million km.”

“Yes.”

Even though he didn’t use the large scanner, as he could clearly feel the calling from the treasure, he simply had to follow that direction and get close. He had to use the large scanner initially because he needed to know what kind of enemy he was facing, what race etc. And from the looks of it, it was the Na Shi race. This was a distant powerful race that wasn’t subservient to any of the pinnacle races. Seeing one Na Shi warrior here was extremely rare.

This also meant…

It would be very hard for him to get help.

“My Na shi race friend, I will use the most beautiful fireworks to welcome you.” Luo Feng said softly.


Chapter 814: Intense Battle

Luo Feng shut off his large scanner and sneaked closer.

This obviously made the black armored youth grow uneasy. He was now unable to detect the enemy, why did he stop using his large scanner, did he give up?

“Yang, I’ve already checked, the Na Shi Race are part of the demon camp in the outer region wars.”

“Haha, thanks Ku Tuo.”

“Small matter Yang. Whenever you come to Star tower, come look for me. There are simply too many strong emperors there. A low emperor like yourself going alone will find it very dangerous.”

“Thanks.”

Luo Feng smiled within the control room. The reason he moved so slowly instead of rushing into battle was because he was waiting for this call. He had confirmed the enemy was from the Na Shi race earlier, they were extremely rare in the outer region wars, it was hard to determine which camp they were with.

Since he couldn’t determine, he made use of the network of friends. They had friends too, hence…it formed a huge network.

He asked Ku tuo and Ku Tuo knew many other emperors. It was a simple enough question. After awhile, he found out that the Na shi belonged to the demon camp, some undying had discovered them riding along in a ship with demons before.

“So he’s from the demon camp.”

“That automaton warrior’s bounty is only within their own camp, and communication between different camps is forbidden. It’s akin to treason and treated with death! The demon side…have no way to communicate with the automatons too. The two of them have no connection at all.”

“Using the Golden horned beast will be safe this time.” Luo Feng smiled. “The chances of getting the treasure has risen greatly.”

“Alina, get ready!”

“Yes master.”

Weng!

A blur of tiger armored bug kings appeared, all giving off intrepid energies. These were much stronger than normal tiger armored soldiers. Amidst the countless kings was the malevolent mother nest. To control a million bugs precisely, she couldn’t remain within the internal world.

“Listen to my order.” Luo Feng stated.

“Yes.” Alina replied mentally.

Alina was Luo Feng’s soul slave. The two had a special connection between their souls, there was no need to speak and the two could communicate mentally.

“Having the million king bugs is like having a deadly weapon.” Luo Feng clearly felt the location of the treasure. It was naturally where the black armored youth stood, “The only weak point is…nobody would stand still stupidly for the attack and would move around. Hence, combined with a very good scanner, and caution, the bugs’ offence is simply too strong.”

“Hm.”

“He actually shifted his position sneakily?” Luo Feng smiled.

“This is the accurate position…” Luo Feng ordered. “Alina, Combine the million king’s’ attacks at this point.”

“Yes master.”

Weng…

At the core of the blur of bugs that the mother nest sent, it controlled the million kings simultaneously. At this time, they were all of one mind. Every one of them had a large energy ball at the tip of their claws. If it’s just one shot alone, that was something an undying could totally ignore.

A million gathered into one however, even a pinnacle emperor would fall if he was hit.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Countless light balls tore through the skies, almost like countless shooting stars streaking across the skies, all gathering in one spot. The light beam that gathered after 100s of thousands of km tore through the brittle space between.

“We are under attack!” The official undying level Yan flower plant that had spread 100 thousand km about the mountain had unleashed its law domain long ago, spreading an extra 10,000km about. It immediately detected the terrifying attack. However, by the time it detected it, it was too late.

The distance was too close!

Rumble!

The glaring light made even Luo Feng shudder within. It smashed straight into the countless flowers about.

Tearing the entire plant apart!

It was almost like having one’s hair close to fire, the strands would be instantly reduced to ash. The flowers suffered the same fate. Against this attack that made even pinnacle emperors shudder in fear…the flowers were reduced to ash. However, the thick beam of light continued to pierce through the mountain, condensing further within.

After piercing through hundreds of thousands of plant life form, it condensed in a spot and exploded.

Silence!

The land and skies seemed to experience calm!

After which…

Rumble…

The mountain the black armored youth hid within was completely destroyed, and countless rocks were reduced to nothing with more being thrown all over within the torn up space slits. The plant life form Yan flower’s countless flowers were instantly reduced to nothing, it was a true annihilation. Luckily its size was huge enough, with a diameter of over 100,000 km, if it was any smaller, it would have died.

The explosion spread over 200,000 km, hitting the F9 grade ship.

Tear…

The ship barely withstood the blast before being torn apart finally.

The terrifying blast hit within the ship and the black armored youth was so scared he even kept both underlings within his world ring, withstanding the blast alone.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

After several waves of attacks within the rooms, the terrifying force finally dispersed.

“What a terrifying attack.” The black armored youth looked at the torn up cabin before him, his expression changing, “Even with such distance he could destroy the F9 ship. Even normal pinnacle emperors wouldn’t have such strength, is this the attack of a bug army?”

The combined attack of a bug army was well known as terrifying within the trillions of races.

“Subservient bugs?” He rushed out of the ship and his fists became a blur. Without much precision, he shot out incredibly powerful undying energy straight at the direction from which the blast came from!

A 1,000 undying energy light beams instantly shot out!

This instantly depleted his undying energy within to almost zero. However this was fine, as long as he didn’t burn any, or destroy any bit of it…it would eventually return to his body. As the undying energy was infused with his consciousness and belonged only to him!

This was the power of an undying.

…

Thousands of undying energy light beams shot out.

Luo Feng could only laugh at the scene, “This Na Shi youth sure is smart, knowing instantly that that was a bug clan attack. However, since I know the bugs’ weakness, why would I give you the chance?”

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Countless undying light beams tore through the skies. However, they hit nothing, after flying for awhile, they hit the distant mountain range. As for the target, the bug army, straight after they had unleashed their attack earlier, Luo Feng had immediately kept them within his internal world.

The bug army was one of his trump cards!

He couldn’t be careless about it.

After all, the emperors undyings all had the power to destroy the bug army. Hence, he had to be extremely careful with them, the moment they were destroyed and Alina died, he would have lost his trump card.

“Poor Na Shi punk, go and die.” Luo Feng instantly vanished and passed the Sha Wu wings to the Golden horned beast.

A silver winged beast immediately appeared in mid air.

Sou!

It flapped its wings and with three flaps, it became a glaring beam of light and shot through millions of km at its target.

The moment it made a move, it was to kill!

Delaying the battle may have consequences, hence Luo Feng naturally wanted to settle the fight as fast as possible.

…

As he swiftly tore through the skies, the black armored youth who had failed in his attack frowned. He waved his hands and his two underlings immediately appeared in mid air.

“Let’s separate, release your law domains.”

“We cannot rely on the scanners, we can only use our law domains.” The youth ordered.

“Yes your majesty.”

Even though the two official undyings were still shocked by the attack before, they knew they had no choice.

Sou! Sou!

The three Na Shi warriors separated and simultaneously unleashed their law domains, covering the surrounding tens of thousands of km. Without knowing where their enemy was, they couldn’t flee… they could only get ready for battle.

“Relax, the reason his attack was that strong before was probably because of a combined bug army attack.” The black armored youth communicated. “And the bug army has to store energy to unleash that powerful attack. Therefore, each attack takes quite some time. I’ve already retaliated earlier…he’s probably already kept the army away, as he probably cannot bear to sacrifice his bug army.”

Sou!

A flower flew from the distance.

“Yan flower.” The youth’s expression changed.

“Master, I’ve lost 62% of my undying body. Luckily I detected the attack a little earlier and spread my flowers apart, hence I managed to save 38% of my undying body. It will take me many years to recover.” The plant communicated.

The black armored youth was shocked.

Just how powerful was that attack from before? The Yan flower had a diameter of close to one million km, even with its defense and preparation before it only managed to save 38% of its undying body.

“Enemy!”

One of the officials communicated.

The black armored youth’s expression changed and immediately kept the Yan flower. Looking ahead, a silver winged beast was rushing straight over. Its powerful pressure and huge size terrified him.

“Silver wing emperor!” The black armored youth communicated. “Silver wing emperor, I’m from the automaton camp, there are warriors on your bounty…don’t force me.”

The youth thought, “There are very few Na Shi warriors in the outer region wars, this silver wing emperor probably cannot determine within this short time if I’m from the automaton camp.” He had explored the Yan Ji main continent for awhile. Through his scanners, he frequently discovered the automaton conversations, hearing about the bounty.”

“This demon camp punk still wants to lie to me, go and die!” The rumbling voice resounded in his mind.

Simultaneously, the huge silver silhouette rushed over.

“Fight!” the black armored youth gritted his teeth and shouted.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

He led his two underlings and got ready to fight!


Chapter 815: Flee

The Golden horned beast flapped its wings and unleashed Strike travel, instantly leaving an after image in the air. The silver wings acted like sharp blades rushing at the black armored youth, and it tore through space like tofu, leaving a terrifying silver light.

“Die.” The beast’s eyes gleamed, unleashing its pinnacle technique right from the start.

“Weng weng weng…” A droning sound could be heard.

The youth suddenly stopped as he pointed at Luo Feng. His red gem like eyes flashed, “Go and die!”

Immediately, a black thread appeared in mid air. It was like a thin black snake reaching tens of km in length, but only half a meter thin. The Golden horned beast could easily see it. This wasn’t some black thread, it was a black chain that acted like a whip.

The black whip slashed through the skies like a long chain, stopping the beast.

Hu!

Hu!

The black whip was a blur in mid air.

The silver wings slashed at the black whip. Chi chi chi…instantly knocking it away. The energy from the whip however seemed to constantly affect the beast, causing it to feel uneasy with its speed and sense of time. It was almost like it affected the flow of time.

It broke through the beast’s attacking presence.

“Time flow has changed!” The beast flapped its wings and floated in mid air, its eyes staring coldly at the youth.

“Silver wing emperor.” The youth floated in mid air and gazed at the huge beast. “The automaton warriors have a bounty on you and you still dare to show yourself? If I were you, I’d have left the main continent long ago. Let me advise you…to leave quickly.”

“Time laws?” The beast let out a low growl.

“Right.” The youth smiled and nodded his head. “You should know that a warrior versed in the time laws is very good at fleeing. Even though you are more powerful, it’s impossible for you to kill me, it’ll be a waste of time for you.”

The other two underlings stood beside him.

“Waste of time?” The beast spat out human language and roared.

While creating Moon policy, the primal chaos city leader had arranged many other race warriors for Luo Feng to fight, and he had managed to kill every one of them. Among which, there were some well versed in the time laws. Luo Feng was naturally clear on how troublesome it was to deal with them, even so, he had the experienced it before.

“You can try if you don’t believe me.” The youth said softly.

His red gem like eyes gleamed.

Chi!

A formless soul attack immediately attacked the beast.

It instantly passed the general armor. Since its material was special, it had great ability in blocking undying energy. Hence, it instantly reduced over 99% of the attack, leaving just a little, and with the beast god image roaring within…

Soul defense technique Beast Howl. It dispersed what remained of the attack, leaving behind a weak inkling that did nothing against the beast.

There were many ways to defend against a soul attack, this was linked to one’s spirit energy levels.

When Luo Feng was a normal warrior on earth, before he was even a star traveller, his spirit energy was unable to pass through metal! Normal metal alone was capable of blocking spirit energy. As his strength grew, the spirit energy began to be able to pass through different materials.

The Yun Mo planet ship could block any soul attacks below undying level.

The weaker it was, the easier it was to block.

When one became undying…

Materials that could stop an undying’s soul attack were rare. The efficiency was much lower as well. But, the general armor could block 99% of a soul attack. It was simply too heavenly, and such a treasure was definitely a top class treasure within the universe. Even the knights wouldn’t be able to find such a treasure.

“Howl…” The beast howled and rushed at the youth.

“Weng!” “Weng!”

The black whip lashed about and the time flow changed with it.

The beast however let out a mad roar and unleashed its strike travel, flashing over and over and changing its position.

“Bastard.” The youth’s expression changed.

The control of time flow was usually affected a limited area. If the golden horned beast was stuck in one spot…then it would be much easier for the youth. However, with the beast flashing about now, changing its position constantly, it forced the youth to constantly change the area he was affecting and this was very taxing.

“Stop him.” The youth ordered.

“Yes your majesty!”

One of the two officials controlled a blur of silver threads, over 10,000 of them and used them to engulf the beast. The other controlled a water like cage that rushed at the beast too.

“This Na Shi youth is trying to stop me, and trap me within a small space, then either fight it out or flee. That would be his choice.” Luo Feng looked at the two official underlings and understood his battle style.

Countless silver threads rushed over.

A water cage rushed over!

“You two officials dare to fight me?” The beast howled loudly, causing the vast ice land to rumble. The ice layer on the ground and mountain around him to tear apart.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

The beast’s speed reached its limit, leaving the others stunned as it warped about.

The silver threads and water cage couldn’t even touch it.

“How can it be so fast?”

“It’s absurd.”

“Our spirit weapons cannot even catch it.” The two officials were stunned.

The black armored youth was stunned too. “In terms of instantaneous speed and warping, even a pinnacle emperor wouldn’t be that fast.” He didn’t know that the Sha Wu wings was most adept at movement.

“You two little punks will die first.”

Hu!

He warped in mid air and the beast rushed straight at the two officials. They tried to control their spirit weapons to protect them but they were simply too slow.

“Be careful!” The black armored youth controlled his black whip and was about to keep the two undyings in his world ring. However, the moment the world energy spread out, the Golden horned beast used its two wings to form a ripple through the space, completely shattering the world energy.

Howl…

Against the black whip, the beast used its right wing to stall it, while its left wing acted like a huge blade that was over hundreds of km long, slashing through the air!

Hua!

It left a dazzling flash of light over 10,000 km long in space that lingered for a long time.

Rumble! The two officials instantly exploded from the attack.

At that instant.

One of them began to reform.

“Luo Sha, Luo Sha.” The reforming official’s expression changed to that of an extreme shock. “Luo Sha is dead, he’s dead.”

“What.” The distant black armored youth’s expression changed.

“Your majesty, Luo Sha is dead, and I lost 6% of my undying body. Luo Sha was a high official, getting killed with one hit…” The surviving underling was shocked. “This silver wing emperor has pinnacle emperor strength!”

A high emperor could kill a high official, however it would take quite some time.

They didn’t know…

The beast itself had the strength of a high emperor, and with the Sha Wu wings, it had the strength of a pinnacle emperor.

“Pinnacle emperor!” The youth’s expression changed. “A pinnacle emperor proficient in space laws, he should be able to teleport, if he uses that…I’d long have lost out. However it hasn’t used it at all. Yet, its speed is unbelievable…hm, he probably has yet to study teleportation, and studied the other parts of space laws instead.”

“I cannot mess with a pinnacle emperor.”

“If he burns part of his undying body, I’d be dead.”

The youth gritted his teeth.

Flee!

…

He was completely shocked. One of his two underlings, a high official was actually destroyed in just one hit. That was terrifying!

“Silver wing emperor!” The youth howled, his voice transmitting via undying energy towards the Golden horned beast.

Howl…

The beast turned, its dark gold eyes staring at the tiny little creature.

“Stop!” The youth’s gem like red eyes suddenly shot out two red lights. They swiftly expanded and covered a 100 km around the beast, the beast suddenly stopped within the light.

Sou!

The youth turned and fled.

He accelerated and fled in a straight line.

“Time stop?” The beast instantly understood. Even though its body was affected, he could still think and function mentally, but was only unable to move. Its wings were unable to move too, its eyes and ears unable to see or hear anything.

Darkness, silence!

This was a silent dark world…only its consciousness wasn’t affected.

There were usually only two ways to break the time stop.

One was to be adept in time laws.

The other was for those not trained in time laws, was to break through forcefully.

Break! Break! Break!

Luo Feng howled within.

The beast howled madly from within, naturally unleashing all its strength. The Sha Wu wings also shook violently, almost like it was bound by a formless rope.

Crumble.

Something crumbled.

He stared at the vast ice land ahead, seeing the distant mountain range crumbling from the bug army’s attack, hearing the howl of the winds.

“Flee? You think you can flee?” The beast instantly felt the location of the treasure. It was already one million km away.


Chapter 816: Target 30 seconds

“Not good.” Luo Feng felt the Na Shi youth fleeing swiftly and knew the situation wasn’t good.

“After him!”

The beast flapped its wings and tore through the skies, instantly disappearing from sight.

The black armored youth had already reached sub light speed and close to light speed, it was the maximum speed one could hit here on Yan Ji main continent! Because of the universe secret region environment, it was impossible to breakthrough. The Golden horned beast had no way to pass this limit too. Also, since the black armored youth was flying in a straight line, it was impossible to catch up.

“What do I do?”

“I cannot catch up.”

“Unless I unleash my world projection, spreading it over 90 million km to slow his movement, otherwise I won’t be able to catch him!” Luo Feng pondered for a while. According to the information he gathered from the battle before, he made a new decision. “This Na Shi youth can actually stop time? It won’t be easy for me to kill him then. Hm, I’ll have to trick him then!”

The beast continued to chase the youth.

One ahead of the other, they were flying at the maximum speed.

Luo Feng activated his large scanner.

Even though he could still detect his enemy without it, he didn’t want to reveal this fact. With the large scanner, the enemy could rely on his mini scanner to jam Luo Feng’s scanner. However, that scanner only had an area of 20km, and with sub light speed…

With such speeds, the air ripples would be torn apart. In fact, there would even be space ripples around.

Even though they sped past, there would still be clear indications in the air and space.

Through the air and space indications, one could naturally determine the accurate location of the enemy.

…

“He’s still chasing.”

“Just what grudge does this silver wing emperor have with me, to chase me non stop. Even though he knows he cannot catch me, he’s still not giving up.” The youth maintained his max speed and flew. With his mini scanner, he knew that the silver wing emperor was still scanning him. He was filled with rage, “Keep chasing, let’s see how far you can chase me.”

“I’m already at maximum speed, you will at most be at the same speed.”

“This way, you will never catch me.” The youth gritted his teeth.

Xiu!

Like two shooting stars, a small and a large one was flying along the same path.

This chase lasted over six hours.

“Hahaha…”

“Hahaha…” The originally ashen black armored youth suddenly revealed a manic laugh. He maintained his speed as he laughed, “I knew you’d never be able to catch me.” … ” Since he would never be able to catch up, he would give up eventually! Haha, looks like he’s really given up.”

His mini scanner had discovered that the signal from the large scanner had disappeared.

Obviously he had stopped scanning.

“When he stopped his scanning when I was in the cave before, that was understandable. However, with me flying at max speed…I may change directions suddenly. Since he’s stopped his scan, he naturally won’t be able to find me.” The youth was very happy, he could finally relax after the chase.

He continued flying forward for over three hours, then changing his direction for another day, then changing for another day…

A total of nine days had gone by.

Finally he flew above a large river.

“I’ve flown consecutively for nine days, changing my direction constantly. Without the large scanner…he naturally won’t be able to find me.” The youth stood in the air above the river and smiled coldly. “Silver wing emperor? Hehe, I won’t forget your chase, this grudge…I will definitely return it.”

Sou!

He pierced straight into the river. It was blue in color and deep, as cold air emanated from it.

…

Half a day later.

A black disc ship appeared in the air above the river, within the control room.

A black armored and black winged Luo Feng sat in his sofa, lifting a glass of boiling tea and sipping.

“Cautious indeed.” Luo Feng smiled. “How would you know…that despite all this, I can still easily find you.”

The powerful calling that Luo Feng’s cells reacted to, just how strong was that.

Every cell was jumping from it, and locked in on the treasure’s location.

“Killing him sure is difficult.”

“I didn’t expect a low emperor to have the ability to use time stop.” Luo Feng muttered. “Looks like he should be a genius from one of the Na Shi races.” Just like humanity with its many other races, some with more talent than others, the demon race had the empires, royals and so on, the Na Shi race was similar.

“Time stop.”

“If only I had this move too.” Luo Feng muttered.

Teleportation and time stop, they were both heavenly techniques.

Teleportation, it was a space heavenly technique.

Time stop was that of the time laws.

In comparison, time stop was stronger. The moment one was hit by it, they would instantly be unable to defend, the enemy could choose to flee or attack. Of course, it took different amounts of time to break through the time stop. Luo Feng was unprepared, he didn’t expect a low emperor to have the ability to use it.

If one is prepared, he could maintain his defenses. However he would still require about a second to break through.

To a pinnacle emperor, he would simply take 0.1 second to forcefully break through.

However…

To an emperor, 0.1 seconds was enough to attack multiple times.

“Luckily, the Na Shi race truly thought I was an emperor level with an undying body. With his level of strength, he wouldn’t even be able to damage me, hence he chose to flee.” Luo Feng thought. “However that was right. Even if he attacked me, the Golden horned beast has the general armor and the cloud contact vine within it. With these two defenses…even if he self destructs, I may not die.”

The cloud contact vine was huge.

Hence, it could form a layer of armor over the entire beast easily.

…

The disc ship floated above the river, suddenly a huge silver beast appeared and the ship disappeared.

Hu!

The beast looked down and rushed into the river.

It easily rushed tens of thousands of km in, only then did it stop. The secret regions were filled with dangers about, this river was cold enough to freeze even a domain lord warrior. But of course, it was no threat to the Golden horned beast.

“Alina.”

“Master.”

“Million bugs, once again, give my enemy beautiful fireworks.”

“Yes master.”

The beast looked down at the huge deep river. It reached over one million km deep. But, some regions were only 200,000 to 300,000 km deep. The beast saw through the bottom rock layer, down where the youth was hiding. The experience from the previous battle made it very clear that it was impossible to defeat this youth through normal battle. Especially with his time stop.

Luo Feng didn’t know his strengths before.

Now that he did, he naturally wanted to eliminate him with one move without giving him a single chance.

“Kill him within 30 seconds!”

“Weng weng weng…” The malevolent tiger armored kings appeared around the beast. A million of them were like countless locusts. And beside them, the mother nest appeared.

Everything happening about was jammed by Luo feng’s large scanner.

As he maintained about 600,000 km of distance from the enemy, and the enemy’s small scanner only had a diameter of 20km, he naturally didn’t discover this.

“Attack.” Luo Feng ordered.

“The coordinates are…” He informed Alina.

…

Below the rock layer of the river, within a cave lay an F9 ship. The youth had a total of over ten such ships. As he had twelve undying underlings all with different improvement speeds, the strongest were the two that came along with him before.

Among the other ten, six were officials while four were normal undying generals.

Within one of the cabins in the F9 ship was a G grade cabin. With a length and width of 10m and height of 5m, it was more expensive than the tens of other F9 grade ships.

“Your majesty, the silver wing emperor truly doesn’t care about his safety. With the automaton bounty, if he flies in the air, he could easily be detected by the automaton camp, Hence, it’s normal that he didn’t chase. And he cannot deal with you either, you don’t have to worry.”

Three underlings sat beside him.

“Hm.” The black armored youth nodded.

“This G grade cabin should have some use against that terrifying attack from before.” The youth thought.

A cabin able to diffuse 90% of the attack would be not bad already.

Luo Feng had the Sha Wu wings and the material used to make it had an effect better than a G grade cabin, yet it could still only diffuse over 90% of an attack.

“Ambush!”

The youth’s expression suddenly changed.

Rumble!

A terrifying attack tore through the layers of stone and hit the ship. This made the youth’s eyes gleam with fear: “I didn’t even detect any scan, how can we get attacked? Is the silver wing emperor so terrifying that even his large scale scanner is better than my mini scanner?”

Rumble…

The F9 ship was almost like a box being ripped open, the internal cabins were reduced to bubbles as the explosion hit the G grade cabin.

Rumble! The G grade cabin was like a soccer ball being kicked.

Sou!

It became like a shooting star and flew out. The surrounding millions of km of space was already torn apart, and this G grade cabin had a huge dent in the part where it was hit. A tear occurred at the middle of it as layers of space spun madly within, it was tragic for the black armored youth.

The moment he sensed the attack, he instantly kept his three underlings.

However, the force of the combined attack from the bug army was simply too terrifying. It instantly destroyed the F9 ship and exploded on the G grade cabin. Even though it only destroyed part of that cabin, the force it generated…reduced the chairs and tables within to dust. The space particle flow within flowed madly, even the low emperor youth was shaken so badly his body exploded.

Sou! His body reformed.

“It actually destroyed 3% of my undying body.” The youth was completely shocked. Without the G grade cabin, he probably would have died instantly from that attack. After which…he expanded his law domain.

At this time, he was already amidst the particle flow.

“Silver wing emperor!” He discovered a huge silver beast amidst the particle flow rushing in, flying straight at the cabin.


Chapter 817: Fall

“Open the cabin door.” The youth immediately opened the door and flew out.

He was clear.

If he hid within the cabin, it was just like turtle in a jar. He wouldn’t be able to dodge the opponents attacks at all and would lose all mobility.

“The silver wing emperor is back again after failing last time. A pinnacle emperor like him, without a guarantee he wouldn’t waste his time. That means he knows how to deal with me this time.” The youth kept the cabin as he flew out and immediately fled.

This was a space layer with countless fragments flying about, this was akin to large asteroids clashing about. How strong would this force be?

An undying may be able to fly within, but it did take quite some time to accelerate.

“Hua! Hua!”

The silver wing emperor however was like a fish in water, the Sha Wu wings were a treasure that could control its own space energy. Hence, it wasn’t affected at all within this mad flow of fragments, it left behind a demonic image as it swiftly rushed at the black armored youth.

“Stop!”

The youth was just about to unleash its time stop but the beast had already dodged.

“Not good.” The youth gritted his teeth.

“Hmph, since I know you have that ability, would I let you do it again?” The beast was extremely fast, warping from place to place, attacking the youth.

The time stop ability was only effective within a certain area.

Just like a rifle from earth.

Hitting a still target was easy, but a moving target, especially one with extreme fast movement, was very hard! One theory was that since the beast was huge in size, unleashing time stop required using it over a large area and with the beast warping about, it made it extra hard for the youth.

“Stop!” The youth pointed at the beast.

Xiu!

The tens of km long black whip waved about, wrapping around the Golden horned beast. The beast’s one wing was wrapped by the whip and its speed was affected. “The youth was extremely happy, “I’ve done it!”

Rumble!

Even though the beast’s left wing was held on by the black whip, it still rushed just as fast at the youth.

“Stop him.” The youth grit his teeth.

The thin long whip glowed with black light and constricted tighter. The left wing of the beast however wasn’t damaged at all. This was the Sha Wu wings, a true treasure. Even a universe master would find it extremely hard to damage this wing. The whip had a slight effect on it. But, how could it possibly completely stop its movement?

Rumble!

The beast got close to the youth.

“Stop!” The youth once again used his move.

“Stop my ass, explode!!!” The beast rushed forward, howling within his consciousness.

In an instant…

A red terrifying pyramid shaped crystal floated between the beast and the youth, both were extremely close.

“Flame god crystal!” The youth revealed a look of fear. Especially when he felt the ripples of energy from the crystal, he was shocked, “It’s over, it’s over!”

“A flame god crystal is akin to a high emperor. This, this…has this silver wing emperor lost his mind? This is a high emperor’s self destruct. Even he, a pinnacle emperor, at this distance would lose a great portion of its undying body! Even so, he’s not burning his undying body to kill me…rather, using such an expensive crystal?” The youth had many thoughts in his mind before dying.

“Teacher, teacher save me!”

The black armored youth immediately broke an item within his world ring.

“I’ll drag you along with me!”

At this moment…

Through his communicator, he began to send messages madly to the countless warriors within the demon camp. “I’m about to fall, the enemy is the silver winged emperor, the coordinates are…” This message was instantly sent to countless warriors.

If he had spoken about the bounty, allowing others to contact the automaton race, the message would be instantly destroyed by the AI system. Because communicating with the other races was… considered treason!

The four camps, treason…was like betraying an entire race.

Death sentence!

Even a knight wouldn’t be able to save him. Of course, a pinnacle being like a universe master may be able to do something. One had to know…many subservient races like the Gold horn race etc, didn’t have a being like a universe master.

…

“Disciple!” In a distant region far away in the universe, the place where the Na Shi race lived.

“He’s in the outer region wars… no!!!”

A similarly black armored larger man roared, “Disciple, you, you have to survive.” Even though he had given his disciple an item, with which he could teleport via his god country to there. But, that was the outer region wars, the place where the four camps fought, it didn’t allow any knights within!

Unless it was a huge war.

Otherwise…

Only beings under knight level were allowed within. Of course, a being like the primal chaos city leader could occasionally break the rules due to his high status. The subservient races wouldn’t dare say anything. However, no knights of any other race were allowed.

…

Rumble!

It may seem long, however the instant the crystal exploded, the black armored youth didn’t even have time to get further than 1,000km away. Against that high emperor self destruct power, the closest 10,000 km had the strongest explosion.

Rumble…

The space fragments that flowed madly about were instantly reduced to stream particles that couldn’t be broken down any further. The youth and the beast did the exact same thing…defend!

“Hu!” The beast closed its wings about itself, completely wrapping itself within.

“No!” the youth immediately placed the G grade cabin before him and controlled his Yan flower, the plant life form to block him. The plant life form knew that if its master died it would die too, hence it used all its might to defend him.

Explosion!

Explosion!

Explosion!

The surrounding tens of thousands of km were reduced to particles. Even with the G grade cabin before him, the explosion spread all around. It at most reduced half of the explosion. In an instant, the youth and his Yan flower were reduced to nothing, leaving behind only the G grade cabin, weapons, G grade metal world rings and other particles…

The beast used its wings to protect itself.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Against the terrifying explosion, through the Sha Wu wings and the general armor, the force was reduced to a thousandth of its original. Even so…it was still akin to a high emperor’s attack! The cloud contact armor wrapped about the entire beast was destroyed. Luckily, it was a high official…and its body was akin to a low emperor human.

Even though it was destroyed, because of its undying body, it didn’t lose too much strength.

“Hm.” The Golden horned beast felt the ripples and was barely bothered by it.

Naturally…

It was just a small portion of the attack.

“Haha, a high emperor’s self destruct is able to harm even a pinnacle emperor. With the Sha Wu wings and general armor, along with the undying body cloud contact vine…even against a pinnacle emperor’s self destruct, I probably wouldn’t die.” Luo Feng was feeling exceptionally good.

The blast was dispersing and reducing its strength gradually.

The beast gazed into the distance, the G grade cabin, black whip and world ring etc were all floating there. Actually, the world rings used by the powerful warriors are mostly made of G grade metals.

As the rings take up very little metal, it was cheap and within the budgets of powerful undyings.

How powerful were the ripples from an undying fight?

If they used normal F9 grade metals for their rings, they would be easily damaged.

…

Within a world ring.

The nervous officials, normal undyings, the underlings of the black armored youth were all filled with fear as they learnt of their master’s death.

“No!”

“No!”

They only had enough time to shout out.

Suddenly, plop! Plop! They all fell one by one. Even though their bodies were still present, their souls were destroyed.

Just like when Hu Yan Bo died back then, his slaves too all died along with him.

The master’s death!

This also meant the death of the slaves! Even if they were incredibly strong, it couldn’t change this.

…

Amidst the mad flow of space, only slight ripples remained from the explosion.

The beast relied on the Sha Wu Wings, general armor and cloud contact armor to withstand the blast, it was unhurt by the explosion. Of which, the Sha Wu wings and general armor were incredibly sturdy, and were able to diffuse over 90% of the blast! The cloud contact armor was unable to do so much, but it still withstood a large portion of the blast…

Until it crumbled!

Through the first two layers, the remaining force was still able to make a low emperor level cloud contact armor crumble, after that third layer, the force was negligible.

The true defense was still within the Sha Wu wings and General armor.

These were both incredibly valuable treasures.

The worth of the Sha Wu wings needn’t be mentioned, even knights would go mad for it.

The general armor could diffuse the force of the attack, it was even more adept at blocking soul attacks. Humanity didn’t have such a treasure. They didn’t even know of its existence or know how to use it. Luo Feng was also trained in the nameless manual, hence he could use it.

“Hahaha…”

“It took the loss of an eight hundred million points flame god crystal to kill you. Yet, it allowed me to get the treasure which makes all my cells go mad for. It’s worth it.”

The Golden horned beast flew up too, and it’s dark eyes looking at the G grade cabin, the black whip and the two world rings along with the armor remains and so on. It felt a strong calling within its cells from one particular world ring. One that was over 10,000 times stronger than the calling of the soldier and general armor, its cold eyes revealed excitement.

Spending so much.

Was totally worth it.


Chapter 818: Hexagon Prison

At the edge of Yan Ji main continent, there was a majestic golden palace amongst the desert, and it stood out within the desert.

Strong warriors normally hid themselves within mountain caves, underground caves, underwater caves and so on. As for this incredibly visible palace, it definitely belonged only to pinnacle warriors of the area, and the current owner of this palace was…

Black Jade emperor!

As a pinnacle emperor with teleportation ability, he truly feared no one within the Yan Ji main continent.

Sou!

In the air above the palace, a 3m tall silhouette appeared. It was a human shaped black ball of flame. This flame gathered into a black robed warrior.

“Black Grace Emperor.”

The powerful being Black Jade emperor had immediately discovered the enemy arriving, communicating, “You are from the demon camp, why are you here? Do you want to fight?” They were both the top powers of the main continent, both with teleportation ability, and if they did fight, it would only be a waste of time.

“Black Jade emperor! Ci Wei Ka!” The black robed warrior communicated. “I know the Silver Wing emperor’s location. If you want the coordinates, you’ll have to exchange for it with two hundred million indigo gems worth of treasure. Remember…this location is his current location, you’ll have to act fast or he’ll be gone soon.”

Sou! Sou!

Two silhouettes appeared outside the palace. One was a short skinny masked Black Grace emperor with beast claws, and the other was the automaton Ci Wei Ka. Ci Wei Ka had been staying in this palace since he put out the bounty, because…the moment he got the whereabouts of the Silver Wing emperor, he could immediately teleport over with Black Jade emperor.

“You say you know where he is? However you want two hundred million indigo gems just for the coordinates?” Ci Wei Ka roared.

“It’s a treasure worth two hundred million indigo gems, and I have no way to use your automaton currency.” Black grace emperor communicated. “You can continue to waste time. The longer you wait, the farther he’ll go. Then you wouldn’t be able to find him anymore. Twelve seconds have already passed.”

“Bastard.”

Ci Wei Ka gritted his teeth within.

Even a pinnacle emperor wouldn’t earn money this fast. Even if they took it easy for over 10,000 years, they probably wouldn’t even earn this much, and yet he demanded this absurd amount just for the information.

“I’ll pay.” Ci Wei Ka flipped his hand and a space ring appeared as he tossed it over.

Black Grace emperor received it and quickly scanned through.

“Not bad.”

“These are the coordinates.” He immediately sent it over to Ci Wei Ka and Black Jade.

“You will come with us.” Ci Wei Ka ordered.

“Relax, this news was given to me from a low emperor, and it was probably before he died, it’s definitely right. Since I’ve already received the two hundred million indigo gems worth of treasures, I’ll accompany you. Let’s go.” Black Grace was confident, as he truly feared no one here on the main continent.

Sou!

Ci Wei Ka, Black Jade and Black Grace all instantly followed Black Jade’s teleportation to the lake where Luo Feng had just fought the black armored youth.

Within the slits of space.

The Golden horned beast didn’t care much about searching through the items after detonating the flame god crystal. He immediately kept the G grade cabin along with the two world rings and black whip into his own space.

“I cannot delay!”

“Before his death, he may have called for help, I better leave fast. I can go through the treasures later.”

Sou!

The beast tore through space and returned back to the actual universe, appearing in the depths of the river. After which, he switched back to his earth body, melding the Sha Wu wings on his body. As to why…it was because the beast’s body was simply too huge, since the body was over 100km, along with a tail that was over 100km long too, as well as its wings.

The mini scanner only had a scanning area of 20km diameter, it couldn’t even cover the entire beast’s body.

Rumble!

He flapped his wings and flew up, rushing through the rock stratum and out of the deep river, out to the surface.

Sou!

He swiftly fled.

“The battle before caused too much of a commotion, the combined attack of the bug army may attract other warriors over. I have to quickly flee.” Luo Feng flapped his wings and unleashed Strike travel. His speed accelerated, even though he was rushing, he was extremely happy within.

He had planned for pretty long to get this treasure from that warrior.

He had wanted to attack the moment he felt that calling, however he forced himself to return to the camp and raise his strength before returning. He finally managed to kill him and got the treasure.

…

At the bottom of the river.

Hu!

Ci Wei Ka, Black Jade and Black Grace all appeared simultaneously.

“Such powerful energy ripples.” Black jade communicated.

“Very strong indeed.” Black Grace’s expression changed too.

“The Silver Wing emperor may be here, keep scanning.” Ci Wei Ka couldn’t care less, immediately using his large scanner and small scanners to cover the area about.

…

“Not good.” Luo Feng who was flying swiftly activated his large and mini scanners simultaneously.

His large scanner detected the enemy.

His small scanner was to protect himself and jam signals from stronger enemies.

When the three warriors appeared in the cave beneath the river, Luo Feng’s large scanner immediately detected them.

“It’s them!” Luo Feng was shocked.

Luo Feng had no way to identify Ci Wei Ka because he had never revealed himself before in the battle before.

As for Black Jade and Black Grace however, Lou Feng immediately recognized them. When he was chatting with the other emperors back in the camp, he got to know of several beings he couldn’t deal with on the main continent.

Black Jade and Black Grace were amongst them.

“They actually teleported here! That automaton…he could very likely be the one who put the bounty on me, that extremely wealthy one.” Luo Feng laughed as he recognized Ci Wei Ka, “I have to thank you. If you didn’t give me so much resources, the cloud contact vine wouldn’t have been able to breakthrough to undying so quickly, and I wouldn’t have been able to kill that Na Shi warrior and get his treasure too.”

“Stop!”

Luo Feng was swiftly flying slowed down fiercely and flew slowly, he relied on the mini scanner to protect himself. Also…the moment he detected the enemies, he immediately shut off his large scanner.

He didn’t dare fly too quickly as it would generate space ripples and tears in space, this would make it easy for the enemy to track him.

…

The three other race warriors activated their scanners.

“Anything?”

The three of them were all shocked.

“Black Grace emperor.” Ci Wei Ka looked at him, “I trusted you and passed you the treasures immediately. However the Silver Wing emperor isn’t even here. Did you give me the coordinates too late? Or are you deliberately deceiving me?”

“It hasn’t even been thirty seconds since I acquired the coordinates.” Black Grace communicated. “Thirty seconds, he couldn’t have fled more than nine million km…and our large scanners, the smallest has a diameter of three hundred million km, there’s no way he’s out of our scanning range. The fact that we cannot find him…shows that his small scanner is very advanced.”

“Advanced?”

Ci Wei Ka was unsatisfied, “I’ve battled him, his scanners were average.”

“You battled him in the past, wouldn’t he then go purchase a better scanner after?” Black Grace scoffed.

“Don’t fight!” Black Jade roared. “I’ll head into the space slits to check if he’s in there. Also…Black Grace…help feel the space about and see if there’s any special changes in the ripples, the moment there’s any, it might be him.”

“Hm.” Black Grace nodded, “I’ve already got my treasures, I’m willing to help.”

Tear!

Black Jade tore through the space and pierced deep in, emerging a few seconds after.

“Anything?” Ci Wei Ka looked at him.

“There are countless fragments within but nothing special.” Black Jade said. “I think he should have returned to the original universe after his battle, the chances of him being within is very low. Let’s check the surrounding area well.”

“Ok.” Ci Wei Ka nodded.

There were many ways to scanning the space about.

The easiest was to use undying energy to scan, however this was a crude way of doing so.

A higher level scan would be like using a scanner, the level of scan would be dependent on how advanced the scanner itself was. A lousier scanner would be like a normal undying scanning, a better one would exceed even an emperor’s.

A higher level one would be using law domain or world projection. Law domain and world projection both were usage of the universe laws. These were things only warriors of this level had, it wasn’t something one could simply have with comprehension. Within a law domain…the god was the owner. Within the world projection, the sector lord was the owner, they could clearly feel everything within.

Of course…

The thunder hell of nine absolute god country were other space techniques that could do this.

“I’ve set up my Hexagon Prison with an diameter of one hundred million km.” Ci Wei Ka said. “As long as he’s within one hundred million km, I will find him.”

Shua!

The three of them rushed out into the air above the lake.

After which Black Jade brought Ci Wei Ka and teleported swiftly to six spots about, leaving behind a ship in each location. One had to know that the nine absolute god country was very mysterious. It was something an automaton knight spent a lot of time and effort on, and it had many uses. Even without one ship, even though it couldn’t unleash its strongest god country.

The other 8 still had many uses.

Each ship could even unleash a domain more powerful than Thunder hell.

Six ships in different locations…they activated the Hexagonal prison.

“Weng…” Countless beams of lights shot out and engulfed the one hundred million km area, spreading over the mountains and permeating through tens of millions of km of land and river… Everything was within its scanning area.

Luo Feng, who was flying slowly to avoid creating space ripples naturally was covered within.


Chapter 819: Checking Every Inch

In the air above the vast land, six pyramid ships floated in the distance. With the six of them as base points, they shot out countless beams of light that interweaved and linked together, forming a white space. It was almost like a white fog space…the hexagon prison!

Over 100 million km in area was completely cut off from the outside world!

“Within this prison, even weapons or incredibly weak creatures cannot escape detection!” Ci Wei Ka floated in the air above the river. Even the river and mountains were all part of the white fog space.

“Incredible.” Black Grace emperor said shocked.

“This is something an automaton knight built.” Black Jade smiled. Any automaton was a master of mechanics. They could easily build a huge empire, and of course as they got stronger and their comprehension grew, the things they built would naturally get stronger.

The things a knight level master built would naturally be extremely rare and expensive.

“That Silver Wing emperor cannot escape.” Ci Wei Ka said softly.

“Search!”

He gritted his teeth, “Check every inch of this place, anything with a life imprint or life force, search it all.”

Weng!

Weng!

Weng!

The hexagon prison’s mist suddenly shot out visible white threads, as countless threads began to search the area within thoroughly. For such a scan, just one wave alone was incredibly detailed, and the amount of energy it used was incredible. It was enough to make a normal undying broke.

“One suspicious item, two…” The six pyramids swiftly reported.

Thirty nine seconds had passed and the search was completed. They found eighty two suspicious items.

“Lock in on them.”

“Target confirmed.” Ci Wei Ka ordered.

“Black Jade, to save some time, come with me to check these items.” Ci Wei Ka looked at Black Jade beside him and said.

Black Jade nodded.

The area within the prison was afterall over 100 million km, and these eighty two targets were scattered throughout. Just flying alone would take over one hour, and they couldn’t afford to waste time. The more time they wasted, the easier it was for these to change.

“These are the eighty two points.” Ci Wei Ka swiftly sent them over.

“Leave it to me.”

Sou!

Black Jade grabbed on to Ci Wei Ka and swiftly arrived at the first point.

“Hm?” Ci Wei Ka looked at the alloy remains wrapped about by the white threads, sending his undying energy to scan it further, frowning, “It’s just the remains of a universe ship.”

“On to the next one.” Black Jade once again teleported.

…

Of the eighty two suspicious items, sixty two were ship remains, nine were weapon fragments, ten were fragments of damaged undying bodies and one world ring. Basically anything with any energy was detected.

When they found the world ring, Ci Wei Ka was very happy. He shouted, “Silver Wing emperor, do you think that I wouldn’t detect you if you hid in a world ring?”

He immediately destroyed the ring, and normal items scattered around Several of the sturdy items were ok, while everything else… Ci Wei Ka didn’t even find anything that could hide the Silver Wing emperor.

“This world ring, according to my scan of the surrounding rocks, have been here for over 100 million years. This was one from a battle that long ago, it’s weird that it wasn’t discovered.” Black Jade said, “However, the Silver Wing emperor won’t be inside.”

“Just where is he?” Ci Wei Ka gritted his teeth.

“Black Grace.” Ci Wei Ka looked at him.

The black robed Black Grace emperor said coldly, “Don’t suspect a pinnacle emperor. I wouldn’t degrade myself and lie just for your two hundred million indigo gems worth of treasure!”

These warriors all had eternal lives. At their level, respect and dignity was much more important than anything. While they may massacre others or get cursed …there were some matters like lying and cheating that would be considered as a huge disgrace.

If it were some huge treasure, that may be explainable.

But for 200 million indigo gems…this was something a pinnacle emperor wouldn’t do.

“Then where is he?” Ci Wei Ka floated in the air above the river and looked about.

“There are three possibilities.”

Black Jade communicated mentally, “First, he’s hiding in a slit of space and hasn’t returned to the actual universe, and he’s deep within. From a normal standpoint, the chances of him digging deeper into the slit of space after a battle is extremely low, not over 1%.”

“Second, he’s within the hexagon prison, only we cannot find him and the prison cannot detect him. This can mean that his scanner or other techniques are very advanced, and the chances of this happening is at 20%.”

“Third, he’s escaped your Hexagon prison area, and this has the highest probability.”

“How did he escape?” Ci Wei Ka looked at him.

“There are many methods.” Black Jade said, “Silver Wing is well known for his instantaneous speed and dodging. With his accomplishments in space laws, he may have comprehended teleportation. After killing the enemy, he may have teleported away.”

“Teleportation? It hasn’t been a year, how could he learn that so quickly?” Ci Wei Ka shook his head, “It cannot be.”

“It’s hard to say.”

Black Jade continued, “Another reason is that after his enemy sent out messages before his death, it may have been leaked to the human camp. The Silver Wing emperor definitely has friends within the human camp. Just when we were about to make a move the last time, didn’t someone come and teleport him away? It may be the same this time.”

“I don’t believe this!”

“I don’t believe!” Ci Wei Ka gritted his teeth. Even though he knew that Black Jade’s words were logical, he didn’t want to accept it. He couldn’t accept the Silver Wing emperor escaping once again.

“Hexagon prison, use maximum energy!” Ci Wei Ka ordered, “Area… the entire prison!”

“Destroy!”

“Destroy everything within the prison, the rivers, the mountains etc, reduce them to nothing!” Ci Wei Ka’s eyes gleamed with madness. “Reduce this entire area of over 100 million km to nothing, only then will there be no doubt.”

Rumble…

Large amount of energy poured from the six ships, and mad explosions occurred within the entire area.

One had to know that the strongest combined attack from the bug king army would at most spread over 10 million km. This huge area…was much bigger! Hence the strength of attack within each area would definitely not compare to the bug clan’s attack, it could at most destroy E2 or E3 grade metals.

No matter how strong the energy was, after it spread over such an huge area, the overall damage would be lessened.

Though this was weak.

The river stones and mountains, other than few exceptionally sturdy ones, were mostly unable to withstand such an attack. An endless stream of rocks and mountains were exploding to nothing, and the rivers were destroyed too with large amounts of the ground disappearing.

99.9% of everything was reduced to nothing.

Only few things remained torn apart.

Some other even more sturdy items remained undamaged.

Actually back when Luo Feng was in shattered stars, every fragment there could take a sector lord pinnacle’s attack. Even though Yan Ji main continent was much bigger, its materials weren’t as sturdy.

…

“Damn.”

“He’s actually doing something like that, this energy usage must at least be akin to a high emperor’s self destruct.” A seemingly split apart rock lay amongst the rubble. Its energy and material etc all seemed just like any other rock.

In truth, it was the transformation of the Mosha clansman. By relying on its natural ability of cloning, it completely transformed into a rock. Hence…unless a warrior uses his undying energy to scan the internal portion of this rock, simply relying on scanners of its appearance, there was no way for them to know.

“Spread over one hundred million km! So much energy was used. Using a flame god crystal would be understandable, which was the most expensive method to condense an undying’s energy. However relying on a device to do so…so much energy must be worth 10s of millions of mixed elements, that automaton punk must be furious.”

…

“Attack!”

“Attack and destroy everything!” Ci Wei Ka gritted his teeth. He wanted to completely destroy everything within this area…only then would he be satisfied and sure that the Silver Wing emperor got away.

When Luo Feng was trapped in this situation, within a spacious hall in the virtual universe.

There were 108 ancient thrones within, and every one of them had warriors, be it human or other races, they gave off terrifying energies.

“We gathered everybody because, according to information from the outer region wars, the human sector lord Luo Feng has successfully killed a low emperor!” A purple armored giant with a peculiar helmet spoke.

“Impossible.”

“He cannot kill a low emperor yet.”

“I request…for everybody to view the footage.”

The news made many about deny it immediately.

“Attention, relying only on his sector lord body, he’s naturally unable to kill a low emperor. However…the contribution points were awarded to him, it means he does have some special methods to kill a low emperor. According to the rules of our Hong alliance, since he’s done so, whether its treasures or methods, as long as one kills a low emperor…it means we can bring him in.” The purple armored being said.


Chapter 820: Impressive

The purple armored being gazed at the others. Be it human or other races, saying, “Everything is according to the rules. Since he fulfills all the requirement, we should accept him.”

“Agree!”

“Agree!”

Large amounts of warriors agreed.

“The Hong alliance only accepts true absolute warriors! If one can rely on treasures or special techniques to kill a low emperor, it still proves his strength. However, what I’m worried about is that it may be his guardian that killed the low emperor. And that guardian isn’t recorded in the army system. Naturally the army would take it as… Luo Feng’s contribution.” A jade green life form said with a sharp voice. “Hence, I request to see the footage.”

“Looking at the footage will prove everything.”

“Ye Zhen knight, take out the footage.” Many warriors looked at the purple armored human.

“Viewing his footage is beyond my authority.” The purple armored human said, “I haven’t even seen it yet.”

“Ah.”

“How can that be?”

“I personally requested it from the army system…”

“But my authority is too low.”

“I failed.”

“He’s not even a knight, how can his video be so hard to get?” The originally quiet hall had over a hundred warriors immediately begin to argue. It was obvious that this lack of authority for his footage was something beyond their understanding.

The purple armored man said, “This is the authority level set personally by the primal chaos city leader.”

Silence.

The over 100 warriors all went silent, glancing at each other, as their eyes were filled with helplessness.

The Hong alliance was a powerful alliance made of many other race warriors led by humans.

With humans as the leaders, the primal chaos city leader ranked amongst the top three in humanity. His authority and power in the Hong alliance could only be imagined, and as for the authority levels he set…the knights present couldn’t say anything about it.

His authority level was extremely high. As long as he wished it, less than three in the alliance could see the footage.

“Any objections to accepting Luo Feng in?” The purple armored giant looked at the others.

“No objections.”

“Nothing.”

“Agreed.”

“Agreed.”

They all swiftly nodded and forgot about the footage.

“Since everybody agrees, I will immediately arrange for a team to invite him officially into the Hong alliance.” The giant nodded and vanished. The others began to vanish as well and in an instant, only 108 empty seats were left.

On Yan Ji main continent.

“Attack and destroy everything.” Ci Wei Ka gritted his teeth.

The hexagon prison immediately shot out a blur of white lights that gathered into lasers. Each beam had at least ten sector lord pinnacle strength, and over a 100 of them were destroying everything in the area.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

The sturdy stones and metals were instantly reduced to nothing against these lasers, few became fragments and even lesser were left undamaged.

Chi!

A beam of light hit the Mosha transformed stone, this was afterall 10 times pinnacle sector lord strength, and the mosha body was only sector lord pinnacle. After becoming a stone, its law comprehension etc were all useless.

Pa, the stone tore open and became seven fragments, the remaining parts became dust.

“I’m about to be discovered!”

…

“Continue to attack, reduce everything to nothing.” Ci Wei Ka began to examine the information clearly from his hexagon world.

“Black Jade emperor.” He communicated to him.

“Hm?” Black jade looked at him, his eyes cold behind his mask.

“I’d like to trouble you to look for Death Spirit emperor.” Ci Wei Ka said. “When we got the report from Black Grace emperor, I immediately invited Death spirit over. He’s already in the space above the Yan Ji main continent. He teleported here via god country, these are the coordinates.”

“Hm.” Black Jade vanished.

Ci Wei Ka was feeling the pinch, hate and unhappiness, “I thought that Black Grace, as a pinnacle emperor wouldn’t give me false information. I immediately informed Death Spirit. Now that he’s teleported via god country over, if he came here for nothing, I cannot not give him anything.

To make a pinnacle emperor teleport via god country over for nothing? How could he do that, he naturally had to give some gifts to satisfy him.

After a few seconds.

Shua!

Two silhouettes appeared. A short masked black jade and a scaled 1,000 eyed Death Spirit emperor. His formless pressure caused Ci Wei Ka to feel uncomfortable, even Black Grace felt a shock.

Both were pinnacle emperors, but the difference in power was still huge.

Death Spirit was strong in the soul side, and there were many emperors that died under his hand. Naturally his position was higher.

“Where’s the Silver Wing emperor?” He asked.

“This…” Ci Wei Ka felt embarrassed.

“Space ripple!”

“Space ripple!”

Black Jade and Black Grace simultaneously felt a space ripple. This familiar ripple…to the two that knew how to teleport, they instantly deduced…there was a warrior that teleported.

“A warrior teleported!” Black Grace said coldly, “I’ll lock down the space around us.”

Weng!

Black Grace who had been watching beside felt a bit guilty for taking the two hundred million indigo gems worth of treasures as they searched for the Silver Wing emperor. He couldn’t possibly return it, naturally he wanted to try and help.

He had long set up his undying energy about. He then activated it to become countless undying threads, forming a spider web, locking down an area of about 30 million km.

“The Silver Wing emperor is there!” Ci Wei Ka easily detected him with is hexagon prison. The prison also locked down on two targets, Ci Wei Ka was extremely excited. “Beside him is that teleporting undying that saved him last time, Star Fantasy emperor.”

“It’s Star Fantasy from the human camp.”

“Chase.”

Black Jade and Death Spirit were filled with killing intent, while Ci Wei Ka was excited too.

“Ci Wei Ka, use your hexagon prison to stop him. With the space lockdown, they won’t be able to teleport anymore, and can only fly! With the hexagon prison stopping them within a million km distance, we can easily catch them.” Black Jade was very excited, as he was anticipating the rewards from the capture.

“Understood” Ci Wei Ka was extremely excited.

Black Grace stood by the side, using his space lockdown to help, communicate, “Ci Wei Ka, with this, we are even.”

“Haha, Black Grace, thanks.” Ci Wei Ka was extremely grateful.

Black Grace and Black Jade had spread their undying energy to scan. However Black Jade had suddenly gone to get Death Spirit…with that, just for Black Jade to spread his undying energy again to scan would take quite some time. The speed of the undying energy spreading was only maximum light speed.

Black Grace however had been there all the while and maintaining his scan. Hence, he could unleash the space lockdown the fastest.

…

“Silver Wing emperor, there’s trouble.” Star Fantasy smiled gently. Her voice resounded within the Golden horned beast’s mind.

The moment she teleported here, the space was on complete lockdown, she couldn’t teleport away.

“Haha, no problem, we cannot teleport away but they cannot teleport over too.” The Golden horned beast replied, “Stay on my claw, they can’t catch us.”

“I’ve heard of your legendary speed, we’ll rely on it then.” Star Fantasy smiled. Her dreamy wings flapped and she landed on the beast’s claw scale, undying energy binding her to the scale tightly.

“Let’s go!”

The beast flapped its wings and unleashed strike travel, leaving behind warps in the space as it accelerated to a shocking speed.

“Weng weng…” Countless white threads wrapped about the beast’s surroundings. Even though it wasn’t like the purple threads of the nine absolute god country, these threads only had one ten thousandth of its strength, but it was much more numerous.

Even though it couldn’t stop the beast, it did slow it down.

“Not good.” The beast slowed down with death spirit. Black Jade and Ci Wei Ka were chasing behind, along with Black Grace who was watching the show.

“Haha, Silver Wing, you cannot escape.”

The beast looked back and easily saw hundreds of thousands of km away, there were four little dots that were closing the distance swiftly.

Hua!

The beast flapped its wings and a huge space slit appeared. It flew in, however Black Grace’s space lockdown was everywhere.

Death Spirit, Black Jade, Ci Wei Ka and Black Grace all simultaneously flew into the slit, the hexagon prison easily tore the space and pierced in.

…

Within the slit of space.

The six pyramid ships were like sturdy stones unaffected by the mad flow of space, maintaining their prison! Black Grace maintained his lockdown, however the space fragments…made the others all slow down a lot.

Countless fragments were all around, there was no way to get rid of them all.

Their flight was affected greatly.

“Howl!” The beast howled happily, flapping its wings.

Hu!

The beast was fast like a demon, completely unaffected by the mad flow of space within.

“The mad flow of space doesn’t affect him?”

“That’s impossible!”

The calm Black Grace was shocked. The other two emperors were shocked as well. They didn’t know that the Sha Wu wings had its own space energy. Also, unleashing its second form would allow the beast to control the space movement around him! Now at only the first form, even though it couldn’t control the flow, it could still easily fly within…unaffected by it.

Like a fish in water.

It flapped its silver wings with terrifying speed.

Even though the hexagon prison was affecting the beast, the space flow was affecting Ci Wei Ka and his party…its effect on Ci Wei Ka was the greatest.

He watched…

As the huge silver beast flew further and further, breaking out of Black Grace emperor’s space lockdown area. After which, they teleported…and vanished.

“Bastard!!!” Ci Wei Ka howled unsatisfied.

The other emperors all stopped and were silent.

Black Grace who was simply here for kicks couldn’t help but exclaim, “Impressive.”


Chapter 821: Happy Surprise

Black Jade and Death Spirit looked at Ci Wei Ka.

“Ci Wei Ka.” Death Spirit emphasized, “Even though we don’t want to admit it…with the Silver Wing emperor’s strength and his allies, we have no way to kill him.”

“Hm.” Black Jade nodded.

“Damn.” Ci Wei Ka gritted his teeth in disgust.

If only his nine absolute god country was complete, then using it alone, he could stop the Silver Wing emperor and stop him from escaping. The nine absolute god country had forbidden formations to stop warriors, back then when they battled, Ci Wei Ka had hesitated to use it.

As it was forbidden, each seal cost about one billion indigo gems worth, hence he hesitated.

Even getting a pinnacle emperor only cost that much?

That hesitation…

Made it too late.

Later on when the beast used the bug clan army and unleashed its strongest attack while the god country was replenishing its energy, it destroyed one ship and it immediately threw Ci Wei Ka’s plans into disarray.

“Death Spirit and Black Jade.” He looked at the two of them and communicated, “This is my mistake. Since we have no way to deal with him currently, we’ll give up. As for you two, you’ve both shown effort. Death Spirit even rushed over from Star tower, I will repay you two accordingly.”

Black Jade and Death Spirit’s gaze became gentler.

They had worked hard. Seeing that there was no hope of getting the Silver Wing emperor, they didn’t request for the initial reward agreement. However they still deserved to be repaid somewhat.

…

Automaton virtual world.

After appeasing the two emperors, Ci Wei Ka arrived in his own quarters and sat in the alloy chair, looking at the information on the screen.

“This plan would have a 99% rate of killing the Silver Wing emperor.” Ci Wei Ka revealed a pained look. “However, it would make me spend almost all my cash, would it be worth it? I could completely lower myself to ask my master to rebuild the ninth ship. Even completely rebuilding it…would only cost a few billion indigo gems.”

“The plan however would make me lose almost all my cash.”

Ci Wei Ka was troubled.

He had given the two emperors about two hundred million indigo gems each. Without any success, this was generous enough. It meant that his expense so far still wasn’t that huge, only a few hundred million indigo gems. This new plan however was absurdly expensive.

“Heck.”

“Even if I don’t use it after buying it, I can sell it away.”

“Even if it’s not against the Silver Wing emperor, it’ll be another trump card.” He gritted his teeth, “I’ll get it.”

He immediately began to craft his order.

The automaton race relied on their weapons to battle. Hence, one had to have sufficient wealth to buy powerful weapons to deal with stronger warriors. Even if one had enough wealth to buy a SSS god base, even a knight wouldn’t be able to deal with them. One attack… would kill a pinnacle emperor without a doubt.

This was the power of the automaton weapons.

Similarly…it was extravagant.

Within an endless river on the main continent.

Silver Wing emperor and Star Fantasy emperor appeared in the depths of the river.

“Star Fantasy, thanks for your help.” The beast let out a low rumbling noise.

“I didn’t do anything, I just teleported.” Star Fantasy’s voice was gentle. Her blurry wings flapped gently, as her demonic figure appeared and disappeared. She laughed, “To personally see the Silver Wing emperor unleash his flying technique within the space slits, that’s an extra benefit for me.”

“Right, Silver Wing emperor, seeing the way you fly, theoretically, you should be able to teleport already.” Star fantasy asked.

“I’ve comprehended part of teleportation, along with space combination, the two combined creates a special flying method. I’ve been spending time on this. However later on…I will quickly comprehend teleportation fully.” The beast answered.

“Ah?”

Star Fantasy was shocked, replying with respect, “Combining teleportation and space combination to create a flying method? I’m filled with respect.”

The space laws were indeed split between teleportation and space combination, and space movement. Every one had its own subdivisions, teleportation had inanimate teleportation and space resonance along with Contact void and many others…only when one fully comprehended everything could he teleport.

This was but one way to do it.

Just like how humans could be split into men and women, they could also be split into infants, children, youths, adults, mature. Using a different mindset…there were many ways to go about it, this was afterall a combination of the whole space laws. Hence, they could naturally all be blended together.

“You overestimate me.” The beast said.

“That’s a fact. In terms of instantaneous speed, you are the fastest amongst all the emperors I’ve seen.” Star Fantasy said.

“Thanks.” The beast wasn’t proud at all because it knew that this was but a lie he said. With sufficient accomplishment in the space laws, he could easily create something suitable, in terms of flying…it mostly relied on the Sha Wu wings.

…

After saying goodbye to Star Fantasy emperor, Luo Feng returned to his earth body and swiftly sat in his ship. He flew in the vast skies, looking for a new base.

While flying.

He couldn’t help but feel curious and excited, he made the mosha body and the Golden horned beast examine the treasures the youth left behind.

Within the world ring.

Black clothed Luo Feng and the beast appeared. Mosha Luo feng held two world rings and within them lay the Na Shi youth’s treasures.

“Just what treasure is it within this that can make both the earth body and the beast feel its powerful calling, every cell jumping from within?” Mosha Luo Feng held the world ring that gave off the powerful calling. The beast was sending its spirit energy in to examine it.

Rumble!

The black armored youth was long dead. Hence, the spirit imprint was like water without a source, and was incredibly weak. It immediately crumbled and the beast’s spirit energy pierced in.

Hua lalala…

Large amounts of items appeared on the ground before the beast.

“That’s it!” The beast felt the powerful calling, and black clothed Luo Feng immediately grabbed the item.

This was a palm sized black and light, glossy soft metal board.

This…

Was similar to the black metal board he had discovered back on earth. It was similar in material and size, technically, it was a little bigger.

“The second black metal board.” Mosha Luo Feng held his breath, “This is it!”

He could feel the soldier and general armor.

A heavenly treasure he had no way of getting within the human treasure trove…the nameless manual.

It was because of this metal board!

This was the root of the inheritance.

“No wonder the calling far exceeded the soldier and general armor.” Luo Feng thought. “Just the material of the board…is more mysterious than any G grade metals I know.”

“It should hold the nameless manual within, let’s hope it’s the second volume.” Luo Feng anticipated.

The nameless manual had a total of nine volumes.

The one he found on earth let him learn only the first.

This second board may not necessarily hold the second volume. It was hard to say, it may even be the seventh or eighth. That way, it was impossible to study it without learning the earlier volumes. It had to go in order, like that Na Shi youth…even with this metal board, without the first volume, he had no way to train it.

“Howl!”

The beast let out a howl and looked down, using its spirit energy to permeate the black metal board.

“My children!” A thread of consciousness pierced into Luo Feng’ mind. This was similar to when he did the first board on earth, the same voice, after which endless illusions followed, however in terms of willpower, Luo Feng was obviously stronger than back then.

He quickly passed through them.

Just like before, large amounts of words entered his mind, flooding him with information.

This information was more than before, a total of 59,103 mother flame words.

The details within this one involved the second, fifth and seventh volume.

Of which the second and fifth were complete, while the seventh one only had over 3,000 words and was incomplete.

Now…

Of the nine nameless manual volumes.

The first was complete.

The second was complete.

The third was missing.

The fourth was missing.

The fifth was complete.

…

The remaining four were missing and incomplete.

“Hahaha, this is a true windfall. I always thought the earth body and the Golden horned beast’s bodies weren’t strong enough, and now I got the second black metal board. The second volume is complete, at least I can begin its training.” Mosha Luo Feng stood beside, extremely excited.

“Howl!!!” The beast raised its head in excitement.

Glee!

This was something that allowed them to breakthrough the limitations of their genes. Luo Feng had never heard of any other manual that had the same effect. With his current status, he had access to many manuals, and even techniques created by warriors like the primal chaos city leader. Yet, he had never seen something like this…this was something that the laws of the universe should have destroyed.

“To train the second volume, I would need some time.” Black clothed Luo Feng muttered to himself. “The first volume back then took the earth body three months and the Golden horned beast twenty nine years. This second volume would require quite some time too, I’m in no rush to begin now, let’s see what other treasure he has.”

“To acquire this black metal board is a huge windfall for him. To a low emperor that can unleash time stop, he may have other treasures within.”

He kept the second black metal board.

He once again began to examine the other items that were left behind carefully.


Chapter 822: Encounter

After completely searching through and taking out the treasures the Na Shi youth left behind, the goods spread over 10,000 km across the vast grassland.

Even though it was plenty, there were only few with value.

One of which…instantly attracted his attention.

“29 cm 1,000 year light?” Black clothed Luo Feng looked at a laser like item, this 29cm of light was lying on the ground, after careful examination, he could feel the light warp about it, naturally being drawn in.

1,000 year light, it was a peculiar item, it was a material used to create time based weapons, these sort of materials would occasionally occur within a black hole or within a secret region.

It was priceless.

“This 29cm 1,000 year light, it would cost at least 3 billion points in the treasure trove.” He muttered, “That Na shi warrior actually had such a treasure.”

“Green White dew, 32km, diameter 2.1m-8.2m.”

“360 beads of 9 light grains.”

…

After separating the goods, he got more and more excited.

“Seeing how he’s accumulated so many materials, he must have been planning to forge a powerful time base weapon.” Luo feng muttered, “That black whip was made of good materials too, it could change in size and meld with the time laws, however its price is only within 1-200 million points. How could it compare to these…just the materials alone would cost about 8 billion points, and this is with my discount and all. That Na Shi youth would probably have to pay even more, the weapon he would create from these would have been terrifying.”

After documenting all the items.

Luo Feng smiled.

Very good.

The points and wealth accumulated from killing normal warriors could never compare to simply killing one with a huge background. Of course…the bigger their background, the harder it was to kill them. That Na Shi youth…from Luo Feng’s perspective, was much harder to kill than Ci Wei Ka.

The black armored youth, Ci Wei Ka and Luo Feng.

They all had huge backgrounds. If they succeeded in killing Luo Feng…the Sha Wu wings, the beast god armament, the Luo Ke holy water, the black metal boards, the general armor, they’d truly strike it rich.

Even with background…the knights behind the black armored youth and ci wei ka would never dare barge into the outer region wars. As for Luo Feng’s teacher the primal chaos city leader, he had said so himself…he didn’t wish to have to go save Luo Feng, afterall he could do so with his position.

However it was somewhat of a disgrace.

Unless he was completely forced into a corner, the city leader would never come.

“Hm.”

“The spoils are not bad.” Luo Feng nodded.

The beast beside him was gazing down at the blur of items, suddenly a seemingly normal crystal attracted its attention, he looked down…it dark gold eyes staring at the crystal amidst the countless other items, it was a round and normal looking crystal.

Sou!

Black clothed Luo Feng flew to it and stared.

The round crystal ball was the size of a soccer ball, it lay on the ground.

“Xiu.” World energy floated about the crystal before permeating it.

Weng!

Just as the world energy entered the crystal.

It suddenly lit up.

Hua!

All sorts of colors glowed from it, it shot out light in all directions, almost like a glaring sun, endless lights engulfed the entire world, within the lights, Luo Feng and the beast felt discomfort within the space and time.

“My god.” Luo Feng stared.

“Howl.” The beast howled, staring wide eyed.

The 2 bodies stared at the normal looking crystal that was glowing brightly with many colors, that mysterious powerful energy…and the discomfort of the time and space…instantly made Luo Feng understand!

“Huge treasure!”

“I’ve found a huge treasure!”

“Damn, this is that Na Shi youth’s true treasure, I’ve been curious… at low emperor level, how could he unleash time stop. That move is even harder than teleportation. This must definitely be a huge treasure.” Luo Feng muttered, staring hard at the glaring crystal.

Actually, when the Na shi youth unleashed time stop, Luo Feng had thought…he had used a combination of his talent and law comprehension to do so.

After seeing the mysterious crystal…

Luo Feng instantly deduced, that ability was most definitely from the crystal ball. Luo Feng had seen many treasures, however he rarely saw something with such powerful energy.

Chi chi chi…” A blur of mysterious words began to appear on the surface of the crystal, the strokes of the words were like engravings, even though Luo Feng didn’t understand them, he instantly understood them.

“These words!”

Luo Feng was staring intensely.

“Demon note inheritance! It’s the same words from the demon note inheritance!”

Yes.

Luo Feng had seen these words once before, it was back then when he accepted the demon note inheritance. The same mysterious words from before, even though he didn’t recognize the words, he still instantly understood what they said.

The content was simple, the summary was…

“This is the inheritance crystal of Dream light god, any sector lord life form with a soul can fully accept it.”

“After completing it, he can begin training in Dream light god techniques.”

“Completing the inheritance to perfection will make one a god messenger. The messengers can meld these crystals with their body, if successful…he can become a new Dream light god candidate.”

“The universe is vast, however there will only be one Dream light god.”

“If one becomes the candidate, the others with the crystals can only at most become messengers. Only when the candidate falls will a new one emerge.”

“The inheritance occurs once every 10,081 eras, this one was used 82 eras ago, it requires another 9,999 eras…to accept another.”

…

Luo Feng blinked after reading.

He understood this dream light god candidate…meant that there were many that actually made huge progress with this inheritance. It was obvious the difficulty was far below that of the demon note inheritance, back then the demon note inheritance had said, over countless years, not a single being had completed it.

And the way of inheritance seemed different too.

The demon note inheritance went step by step, only reaching the end…will it allow one to have great progress!

This dream light inheritance was first learning the technique and training it, when one reached the level of messenger, he could wait for the current candidate to fall and grow.

“Another 9,999 eras for the next one?”

“Damn.”

“1 hundred million years?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh, “Looks like the last inheritance was definitely used by that Na shi youth, he definitely got the technique within, hence he could use time stop.”

“What do I do about this?” Luo Feng muttered.

This was a treasure, yet he couldn’t use it.

Simply guessing alone, it was clear that this was related to the time laws, he however walked the path of the beast god, this path…was a true path of the universe masters, mainly fusing gold and space. Naturally he wouldn’t waste time in studying the time laws, specializing was more efficient, spending time on what he was proficient in.

However he couldn’t use this…

But it’s value was undeniable, this was an inheritance crystal, one that occurred once every 10,081 eras, it was hard to determine its worth.

“I cannot use it.”

“It’ll be a waste in my hands, anyone who wants to use it will have to wait 9,999 eras.” Luo Feng shook his head, “Only those that have lived that long would have the patience.”

“Hm, I’ll go ask teacher on how to deal with this.”

He instantly made the decision.

The dream light god inheritance crystal was something he had never seen within the treasure trove, it was obviously much rarer, such a treasure…it was easiest to get an answer from the primal chaos city leader.

“True Yan is training in the space laws too, he’s at the final step now to becoming a knight. This is useless to him.” Luo Feng was very grateful to True Yan, if he could help him, he would definitely do it, however…True Yan was at the final step, many valuable treasures were useless to him.

The useful ones, Luo Feng couldn’t afford.

…

Virtual universe, at the highest peak of thunder island, endless primal chaos energy engulfed the palace, that was the city leader’s palace.

Shua.

Luo Feng appeared outside the entrance and stepped in, walking inwards.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

“What’s the matter?” A calm voice resounded from the chaos energy.

“I’ve just acquired a treasure from the outer region wars.” He said respectfully, “This treasure…I’ve never seen it before, after checking it, mysterious words appeared on the surface and I got to know that it’s an inheritance crystal for the dream light god.”

“God inheritance crystal?” The city leader walked out from the chaos energies.

Even though he didn’t show any of his strength, a life form at that level naturally made Luo Feng submit. The city leader’s expression was casual, his eyes deep and profound, he smiled, “You actually got an inheritance crystal, your luck sure is good, even the Hong alliance has only collected over 8,000 such crystals, as for the dream light god crystal, the Hong alliance only has 1, it’s very rare.”

“Ah…” Luo Feng blinked.

“Not strange.”

The city leader said, “Back then when you accepted the demon note inheritance, there were 32 palaces there. The demon light inheritance has tens to over 100, why the surprise?”


Chapter 823: Couldn’t Bear

Luo Feng was disappointed within.

Whether it was selling away the inheritance crystal or using it in the future, the rarer it was the better.

From what he heard…there were tens to hundreds of the Dream light inheritance crystal.

“Of the over 8,00 crystals the Hong alliance has, the ones with the most similar crystals is at most 101 of them.” The city leader stood there, chaos energy revolving about him, “The Hong alliance only has 1 Dream light inheritance crystal, hence the price of yours is pretty high.”

Luo Feng was happy within as he listened intently.

“A God candidate inheritance is lower than a god general inheritance.” The city leader said, “Even with great progress in the god candidate inheritance, one would at most reach the limit of emperor level…only with the fusion of the crystal and becoming one with it would one have the strength of a normal knight, which is the strength of your teacher True Yan.”

“True Yan?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Hm.”

The city leader nodded, “Your teacher True Yan is invincible amongst the emperors, akin to a normal knight. This is the strength level of a Dream light messenger, as for the candidate…even with great progress in all the techniques, he would at most be a pinnacle warrior, not akin to a normal knight.”

“Also…”

“There is a bad side to accepting this inheritance. If one doesn’t make great progress in it, that’s ok. However if one goes far with it, their limit in their life would forever be that of a candidate.” The city leader looked at Luo Feng, “Meaning, training in the inheritance techniques may raise one’s strength early on, however later on, they would be affected by it and never will be able to truly become a knight.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng stared wide eyed.

Couldn’t become a knight?

Fortune begets disaster, one would be extremely strong early on, but never able to become a knight.

“Becoming a knight itself is extremely hard, hence many geniuses don’t have that kind of ambition, even willing to train in the inheritance techniques.” The city leader said, “As one has to be sector lord level to train in the inheritance, undyings are unable to receive it…hence the price for each inheritance isn’t too high.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

If a sector lord could receive the inheritance, how high could the price be?

“Normally they have their teacher’s help, within the Hong alliance, accepting one inheritance…one can use points to exchange for it, it’s usually priced within 1 billion to 3 billion points, according to the different inheritance and power levels, the price differs.” The city leader continued, “If it’s a god general inheritance, that’s completely different…the emperor undyings all fight hard for their slots, getting their teachers to help, the price of one time alone could reach several tens of billion of points, also, they would owe favors for getting their teachers’ help.”

“Tens of billions of points along with favors, just to try and get one chance for the god general inheritance.” The city leader said, “You should know how much more valuable it is. True Yan has accepted one before.”

“Ah…” Luo Feng was curious.

“A god candidate inheritance has a limit of an emperor level strength, even becoming the one and only candidate would allow one the strength of a knight.”

“The god general inheritance is trillions of times harder, the moment one accepts it, that would have the limit of knights…even against universe masters, they will be able to survive. It’s akin to the creator of the Nan shen 7 forms, Xi Luo Duo! Also akin to the Tian Shi palace master whom you know, though it’s not truly the level of a universe master, they can be considered almost at that level.” The city leader said, “Of course the god general inheritance is much harder, it’s extremely hard for one to complete them, even so, they still benefit a lot. Definitely much greater in amplifying the soul and other techniques, even strengthening the body.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He had received the inheritance before, his spirit energy amplitude exceeded 3,200.

“God candidate inheritance, God general inheritance.”

“The difference is huge.”

“The strength difference is huge, so are the future prospects. Hence with regards to the point exchange within the Hong alliance, the difference is huge as well.” The city leader looked at Luo Feng, “As to the Dream light inheritance crystal you’ve got, it’s useless in your hands. You have 2 choices…”

“1, sell it to the virtual universe company, it will be priced at 30 billion points.”

“2, you can use it to exchange for a god general inheritance, as there is only one every 10,081 eras, the next suitable one for you will happen 120,000 years from now.”

“2 choices, you can choose.”

After he spoke, he remained silent and awaited Luo Feng’s answer.

Luo Feng was troubled.

2 choices…

Tough choice!

30 billion points had many uses, he could exchange for many treasures, if used well, they could raise his strength greatly, no one truly knew…what they truly needed at each point in time, afterall, it was hard to predict what encounters they would face.

The god general inheritance chance was much more valuable, something that emperors would fight for with the help of their knight teachers. Spending tens of billions of points and owing favors just for the chance of a slot, Luo Feng was very clear, having received the demon note inheritance before, just how heavenly the inheritance was.

If he received an inheritance related to the body, his body amplitude may rise tens of times, that would be impressive.

Deities of the world, at its limit could only amplify 36 times.

“How do I choose?”

“Even though the god general inheritance is good, it’ll happen 120,00 years from now, I won’t get any benefit within these years.” Luo Feng frowned.

If it were other warriors, they may immediately exchange for the slot.

Luo Feng was different.

He had only lived for a few thousand years, what was 120,000 years? It was simply too long, his accomplishments within a few thousand years were this much, just how much could he grow with that 120,000 years? What would he encounter? There would definitely be times where he would need more points.

He stood there and considered hard for 20 seconds, with his calculation speed, he thought of countless answers.

“Teacher.” He said respectfully.

“Have you thought of an answer?” The city leader looked at him.

“I would like to keep the crystal for now, as to whether to exchange it for points or a slot for inheritance, I’ll make the decision when the time comes.” He said.

“No problem.”

The city leader nodded, “I will help keep a slot for the god general inheritance, that one is for the Square god general inheritance, I will keep it…until 120,000 years later.”

“Thank you teacher.” Luo Feng was grateful.

There was no such thing of saving a slot, was it that simple? This was purely the city leader helping him out.

“Go on.”

“Yes.”

Luo Feng left respectfully.

Watching Luo Feng leave the palace, the city leader nodded within, “Looking at the army footage of Luo Feng, he…can actually easily kill a pinnacle official, even using a flame god crystal to kill a low emperor. Even though the Sha Wu wings diffused a lot of the explosion, its strength lies in its speed, in terms of attack and defense, they are secondary…his golden horned beast body can actually withstand the blast, this disciple’s encounters are much more mysterious than I thought.”

“Who knows what they are.”

“Other race inheritance? Or a special treasure from the universe itself? Or something from before the big bang…” He shook his head, “The encounters and treasures are there, but everything still depends on the person. Let’s see how far he can go.”

The city leader knew much about Luo Feng.

However, with regards to the Nameless manual, the soldier and general armor, no one knew about them, it was unknown amongst humanity.

However as he observed Luo Feng’s growth, he naturally deduced… Luo Feng definitely had some powerful encounters, only with his own knowledge and vision, he could think of countless possibilities, but it was hard to confirm which it was.

Within a cave on the Yan Ji main continent, Luo Feng had set up his temporary base.

He activated his mini scanner and his cloud contact vine spread 10km about as security.

The mosha body had become a stone within the cave, as for Luo Feng’s earth body and the golden horned beast, they began to train in the 2nd volume of the Nameless manual.

“This 2nd volume is much harder than the 1st.”

“Howl.”

“The genes are evolving, how unbelievable.” As he trained, Luo Feng couldn’t help but compliment the manual, training the 1st volume… had led his genes to evolve past a normal human sector lord, now with the evolution of the 2nd, his genes could evolve to the level of a normal golden horned beast sector lord!

Humans and the golden horned beast had a huge difference in gene level.

However with the nameless manual, it could remedy that!

A technique that surpassed the laws of the universe…it was simply unbelievable!

…

Peng!

The beast’s body completely crumbled, it once again began forming a new body within, continuing with the training.

…

Within the 2nd month of his training, in his villa in the primal region Yu Xiang mountain, virtual universe.

“Your majesty, a team from the Hong alliance has come.” The manager Dylan pointed outside.

“Ah?”

Luo Feng walked over, frowning, Hong alliance?

Outside the large entrance of the villa, a group of undyings stood, all with different appearances, some human, some from other races, a total of 9 of them.

“Greetings.” Luo Feng walked over, curious, He could guess…from the formless pressure they gave off, they were all emperors.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” The leader was a pink armored lady with pink long hair, her body somewhat translucent, she smiled and Luo Feng was naturally affected by it, “We are a special envoy group of the Hong alliance, we’ve come here to formally invite you to join the Hong alliance.”


Chapter 824: Joining The Hong Alliance

Luo Feng frowned, joining the Hong alliance?

According to the information he had gathered on them, along with talking with other powerful warriors, normally, only emperors would get officially invited! Becoming an emperor was the prerequisite to joining, he had never heard of a sector lord being invited.

“Please come in, I’m quite surprised by this, can we sit and talk slowly?” Luo Feng smiled and asked.

“Since your majesty invited us, we naturally would not reject.”

Luo Feng led the team from the Hong alliance into his spacious villa’s living room.

Luo Feng had already gotten his people to prepare a banquet earlier on.

“Please sit.” Luo Feng smiled.

The members all sat down, simultaneously, they looked on with interest at Luo Feng, since they were in this team, they naturally knew about him…that he was the disciple of the legendary being the primal chaos city leader.

And to be invited into the Hong alliance at Sector lord level, it showed that he wasn’t ordinary at all.

“I still don’t know your names.” Luo Feng finally sat.

“Human, Desire emperor.” The leading absolute beauty, the lady with pink armor smiled and said.

Ferocious clan, Chasing Lightning Emperor.”

“Fog clan, Dripping water emperor.”

…

The 9 envoys replied, there were 2 humans, 7 other races, all emperors.

“Hm, all emperors.” Luo Feng complimented, “It’s rare for me to meet so many emperors too, and other race emperors.”

“The weakest in the Hong alliance are at least emperors, we are not worth your compliments.” Desire emperor smile was enough to make an undying mesmerized and faint, “You should know the reason for our visit, the Hong alliance involves many other races forming a huge alliance, we definitely will not force anyone to join, however once one joins…he cannot betray the alliance, are you willing to join?”

The others all looked at Luo Feng.

“Of course.” Luo Feng nodded.

What a joke.

Who would dare reject an alliance with all the super warriors of humanity within, his 2 teachers were also a part of it, how could he not join? And once he was in, he would know almost all of the emperors of humanity. This was truly expanding his horizons and network.

“Ding!” The moment Luo Feng replied, a glaring star appeared within the living room.

It was resplendent.

It became a beam of light and flew onto Luo Feng’s shoulder.

Rumble!

A blurry image of a human silhouette floated in space, his formless pressure and the light he projected made it so that Luo feng and the other emperors couldn’t lift their heads to get a clear view of him. It was almost like ants facing a god, no resistance.

The light silhouette lowered his head and looked at Luo Feng.

“Human Luo Feng!” the light spoke, it was hard to tell whether it was a man or woman, it pierced straight into Luo Feng’s soul.

“Welcome to the Hong alliance, from now on, you are an official member!”

“The universe is filled with dangers, for the race to survive, warriors have to fight, whether its for the Hong alliance or humanity, this is a duty for everyone, and yours too.” The light dispersed, the voice resounding over and over within his mind and there was silence in the living room.

…

“To fight for the Hong alliance and humanity…” Luo Feng muttered.

“Excuse me” Luo Feng awoke and looked at the 9, “May I know who was that?”

Even though the city leader always controlled his strength around him, he would occasionally emanate energy comparable to that silhouette earlier…and that silhouette’s energy earlier didn’t seem weaker than his teacher’s.

“That’s an enigma of the Hong alliance.” The cool looking bug soldier Chasing lightning emperor laughed, “Every time someone joins the Hong alliance, this scene will appear, it would make countless members wonder just who that is, some say it’s the appearance of one of the Hong alliance’s palace masters, some say it’s some AI, the virtual universe can simulate any kind of pressure, this is a possibility.”

Luo Feng asked curiously, “A palace master of the alliance?”

“Your teacher…the respected primal chaos city leader is one of the palace masters, they are all beings that surpass the 7 stars.” Chasing lightning said.

“Surpass the 7 stars?”

Luo Feng looked at the 1 star mark on his shoulder, “I’m considered 1 star?”

“Right.”

Chasing lightning nodded, “Anyone who just joins the alliance will all be 1 star! 1 star is the lowest position of an official member, everybody starts there, don’t worry about it.”

“One star when one just joins, I’m naturally not affected.” He said curiously, “This 1 star, 7 stars, palace masters…can you explain to me?”

Desire emperor quickly jumped in beside.

“Luo Feng, you are already a member of the Hong alliance, you can read up on the detailed information yourself.” Desire emperor said, “Everything can be searched, if we explain to you, it’ll take forever. There’s simply too much information about it, we cannot summarize everything, before you enter Hong alliance city…take a look at the information, that way you’ll understand more before you get in.”

Luo Feng nodded and smiled, “Since I’m already an official member, let’s have a banquet together.”

“Haha, how can we reject a banquet from your majesty?”

“It’s a rare chance.”

The team of 9 emperors wished to get close to Luo Feng too, it was after an enjoyable banquet that Luo Feng left the group.

…

Within the study.

Luo Feng sat in his study and swiftly began to read about the Hong alliance.

“Hehe, that’s quite a bit.” He held his breath and read, he didn’t have access to the information before, now there was plenty to get through.

Pictures, footage, words, everything.

From the pictures and footage…

The main camp of the Hong alliance was within a space specially opened by the virtual universe company, that space had countless stars and in the center was a huge floating ancient city. There lived countless warriors, it was the Hong Alliance city.

It was where countless humans and other race warriors gathered.

It seemed peaceful…it was the virtual universe after all.

The security was strict here…everyone had different levels of authority according to their strength and contribution.

Their strengths were determined by their battle records, the higher they were, the more points they got and they would be separated into 1 star, 2 stars, 3 stars…until 7 stars, a very simple distinction, all warriors had their star markings on their shoulders.

That way, it was easy to see who was at what level.

Those that just joined were all 1 star, and later on, according to their battle records, the virtual universe system’s Hong alliance point system would automatically calculate and appoint stars to them accordingly.

1 star, a mark of a new comer, they were normally normal emperor level .

2 stars, a strong warriors amongst emperors.

3 stars, emperor limit.

4 stars, the beginning knight level, True Yan was at this level.

…

7 stars, the lowest level of a universe master, the Tian Shi palace leader was at this level.

“What a big city.”

“The Hong alliance city is separated into the outer, inner city along with the palace.” Luo Feng looked at the footage and complimented, “The humans sure have many strong warriors, close to 100,000 emperors, with the other races together, the number of emperors exceed 3 million.”

In the footage.

The ancient city that floated amidst the stars had a blur of warriors about…over 3 million emperors gathered together, their strengths split into 1 to 3 stars, all living in the outer city. The inner city was almost empty.

The ones with 4-6 stars lived in the inner city, these were almost all knights.

At the core of the city…

There was a majestic over 1 million km tall palace, almost like a huge blade piercing into space, this was the Hong alliance palace.

There lived the 7 star beings, these beings…were at least on the level of the Tian Shi palace leader or Xi Luo Duo.

The palace masters…were those that surpassed the 7 stars.

They were all beings that could easily shake up trillions of races.

“Hu.”

“This is the true hidden strength?” Luo Feng exclaimed, The primal chaos city leader had the ability to reverse time and revive other warriors, over countless years, the accumulation of warriors, Luo Feng had guessed…that there would be many emperors, however there were a total of hundreds of thousands of human emperors.

“The Hong alliance’s other races truly make it strong.”

“The pinnacle other races are very strong, even though they are weak alone, with so many gathered together, there are a total of over 3 million emperors.”

“Even so…the leader of the alliance is still humanity.”

“Looks like in terms of pinnacle strength, humanity still wins.”

Luo feng could easily guess.

Like Xi Luo Duo, he was already considered the greatest being in history of the gold horn race. And his level, similar to that of the Tian Shi palace leader, they were still not at the peak of humanity, the Huge axe founder, Void gold master, Dragon line master, primal chaos city leader…the difference in strength was obvious.

“Humans as leaders, taking up huge territories and resources, naturally the other races can only follow and serve from behind.” Luo Feng thought.

“Who knows…”

“Just how many palace masters there are in the alliance.” Luo Feng had tried searching but his authority level didn’t give him anything.


Chapter 825: 2nd Volume

Luo Feng carefully read through the Hong Alliance information, getting more shocked as he read.

The Hong alliance gathered all the strong warriors about, and just who would get the treasures owned by an entire race? Naturally the powerful emperors or knights, and the universe masters that stood above them all. They owned large amounts of the entire race’s wealth.

Hence…

Several auctions held by the banks for their guests, compared to the deals of the Hong Alliance…were considered small fry.

Their normal deals alone were worth billions of mixed elements.

Some larger deals were worth even more.

Some other even rarer items only involved barter.

…

Auctions! Huge deals! Elite teams that explored secret regions! Outer region wars elite team! Teams formed from similar interests and goals! In all…even though there were only more than 3 million in the alliance, they controlled large amounts of humanity’s wealth and protection.

Humanity was ruled by the Hong alliance!

The primal chaos city leader, Void gold master and other super powers they may all benefit the survival of the race, however when it comes to their own personal development, there would naturally be conflict! Afterall, the city leader, void gold master, Dragon Yan master…they all had their own goals!

Humanity had its own internal competition, the other races naturally fought hard to get more resources too!

In all…

The Hong alliance was a true place where fish and dragons mixed, the powerful were all within.

“Just the information I’m allowed to access has so much, it sure has huge benefits and the competition is fierce…hm, I’ll have to spend some time studying this information.”

“However, I’m currently training the Nameless manual volume 2.”

“The earth body’s training is fast, it’ll complete soon, then I will have enough strength to stay on the main continent with just the earth body alone.”

Yan Ji main continent, within his base.

Luo Feng wasn’t in a hurry to go to Hong alliance city, it was a deep and huge place that he’d have to explore properly. “The 1st volume of the nameless manual took 3 months for the earth body to complete, the golden horned beast however took 29 years.”

“This 2nd volume should be about the same.”

…

As time passed, in a blink of an eye, Luo Feng had already trained in the 2nd volume for close to 3 months.

Internal world, within the vast beach.

A half naked Luo Feng sat crossed legged on the sand, his body glowing as he gave off a different energy. Just like the golden horned beast or Hui suo beast, even asleep, they gave off a powerful energy, this was the pressure formed from the evolution of life itself.

The golden horned beast was a pinnacle bloodline, at sector lord pinnacle, it was ten times that of a human!

Completing the 2nd volume, his earth body would be 6 times that of a normal human! That was akin to the royal family of the demon race.

“Phew.”

He opened his eyes, “Done.”

“My body has reached 6 times that of a normal human, not the 9 times that I guessed.” He shook his head and laughed, “I’m too greedy, this gene evolution is already heavenly, it’s made my body akin to a royal bloodline demon. If I complete the 3rd volume, I’d probably reach the pinnacle space beast bloodline.”

This nameless manual had a total of 9 volumes.

The 1st amplified 3 times.

The 2nd, 6 times.

The 3rd…

Until the 9th.

Simply relying on it allowed his normal human body to evolve past a golden horned beast or Hui Suo beast bloodline, his basics would surpass all. Breaking through the constructs of the universe laws, just how heavenly was this? Luo Feng’s high position naturally made him realize just how valuable this technique was.

“Time to try absorbing blood river crystals, I absorbed a total of 8 before…now that I’ve competed the 2nd volume of the nameless manual, my foundation has grown further, almost compared to a golden horned beast, akin to a royal bloodline demon.” He thought, “I may be able to become the Black warrior that hasn’t occurred over countless years in Blood river continent.”

Hua hua…

The ocean rushed against the shore, covering his calves.

“Begin.” He flipped his hand and a beautiful blood river crystal appeared, he slashed his palm with his finger and grabbed the crystal.

The pain from the absorption of the 9th crystal was easily withstood.

He stood on the beach.

Regaining his composure after awhile.

“Very good.”

“Success!”

“The absorption of the 9th was successful, let’s see how the 10th goes.” The originally calm Luo Feng couldn’t help but hold his breath, swiftly grabbing another crystal, easily withstanding the illusions. As the energy poured into his body, it was completely different from the golden horned beast absorbing the energy into separate parts of its body. This energy poured into his entire body. Chi chi chi…

All his muscles shook violently.

Ka! His expression changed as he fought hard, looking down at the crystal in his palm, it was already translucent as the final changes occurred within his body.

“I must succeed!”

“I must!” He frowned and felt his entire body.

His bones and muscles felt like they were being torn apart, about to crumble at any time. The blood river energy poured into every cell in his muscles and the pressure within grew larger and larger, finally as the last bit of energy entered, the pressure faded away like water seeping away.

The scales that had covered his entire body began to disappear.

Luo Feng stood quietly on the beach, silent.

“Hahaha…I’ve succeeded!”

“I’ve become a black warrior a true black warrior!” He couldn’t help but wave his right fist excitedly, triggering ripples in space as his powerful force rushed in all directions, causing the calm waves to rise over hundreds of meter into a tsunami as it poured over.

“10! The 10th has succeeded.”

“The black warrior is a legend in blood river world, yet I’ve succeeded.” Even though he knew early on that he might succeed, he still couldn’t help get excited over the success.

His success was actually very normal.

In terms of genes, he far exceeded the aboriginals of blood river world, even akin to a royal bloodline demon Qi Niu…Qi Niu even absorbed more than him, one was because its genetics were high enough, secondly he was a aboriginal of blood river world, from birth, it had been shaped by the formless beast god pressure about, it naturally could absorb better.

“Even though I almost failed at the end, it went through.”

“If my guess is right…” His eyes gleamed, “Whether the earth body’s strength soars or grows slowly, it all depends on this.”

“Blood river energy!”

His eyes gleamed with madness.

Rumble, dark gold appeared throughout his body, his eyes gleamed dark gold too as his body seemed to shrink a little, almost like iron, sturdier. At this time…he didn’t seem like a human at all, he seemed like an absolute beast.

“My guess was actually right!” His eyes gleamed with glee.

“Hahaha…”

“I actually got it right.”

“Triggering the blood river energy in the earth body after absorbing 10 crystals creates a change in my genetics, my strength actually soars and reaches 10 times that of before.” He was extremely elated.

Right, his body strength was 10 times stronger than before.

Back then when the golden horned beast absorbed 10 crystals, it’s right claw had the strength of its entire body, akin to 2 times that of before.

1 was 2 times! This was 10 times!

Luo Feng had guessed this early on.

The theory was simple, as the golden horned beast’s body was huge, the blood river energy could only cover its right claw! Just its right claw could absorb 10 crystals, akin to its entire body’s strength…just how strong was it? The claw alone was akin to only a tenth of the body before, now it was as strong as the entire body…

10 times!

The claw was at least ten times stronger before it absorbed the crystals!

The beast had absorbed 100 crystals, making its right claw now 10 times that of the entire body, how much had it evolved? At least over 100 times.

…

The beast’s body was huge, it was both a good and bad thing. The bad side was that it made absorbing the crystals harder.

The earth body absorbed the crystals’ energy into his entire body, his entire body evolves, naturally his body could easily reach 10 times that of before.

“Very good, that’s a good surprise, looks like my theory from before is right.” He was very excited as he shouted, “Beast god transformation!”

Countless scales began to appear throughout his skin, he became a human beast god.

“I’ve succeeded.”

“The beast god transformation is a success, hahaha…my earth body has enough strength now.” As he thought of battles ahead, he couldn’t help but laugh loudly.

…

Training in the nameless manual evolved his genes, his strength was akin to 6 times that of a pinnacle sector lord human! With the trigger of the blood river energy, this evolution from the blood of the beast god itself…made his strength rise 10 times. He thus now had 60 times that the strength of a human pinnacle sector lord.

The beast god transformation’s 1st level amplified his strength by 2 times!

That was 120 times!

The general armor’s requirement was 100 times sector lord strength.

“Haha…”

“I’ve got another emperor’s strength.” The human beast god flipped his hand and a silver crystal appeared, general armor crystal, “General armor, fusion!”

Sou!

The general armor immediately entered his body and became countless threads that connected to his every cell and muscle and organ etc…the pressure from the fusion was huge, however now Luo Feng could easily withstand it, the word general appeared on his chest before disappearing within.

“General armor, appear!”

A silver armor swiftly appeared throughout his body, it gave him the strength of 10,000 sector lords, easily making his body strength reach emperor level! Along with his blade work and pinnacle techniques…

He got the strength of an emperor!

“Haha…from today on, I have 2 emperors’ worth of strength.”

“With the earth body and the golden horned beast both at emperor level, those I’m unable to deal with alone, I can use both bodies!”


Chapter 826: Hong Alliance City

With the completion of the 2nd volume and the successful absorption of 10 blood river crystals, becoming the legendary black warrior, plus the General armor…his earth body may be weaker than the golden horned beast, but he had the strength of an emperor! 2 emperor’s worth of strength…Luo Feng was definitely confident.

It was hard to kill each other in a fight between emperors, even the golden horned beast with the Sha Wu wings had to rely on a high level emperor self destruct flame god crystal worth 800 million points to kill his enemy. And it was normally hard to even use the flame god crystal as the explosion would affect its own user!

If the golden horned beast didn’t have the Sha Wu wings and general armor, it would have died too.

Hence…

When emperors fight, they could at most suppress each other, death was a rare thing. Using numbers…with 2 emperors joining hands, the enemy couldn’t flee.

“Since the earth body is ready, it’s time to head to Hong alliance city to check it out!”

The earth body took close to 3 months to complete the 2nd volume, as for the beast…it would probably take about 30 years, Luo Feng didn’t have the patience to wait that long before heading to the city. Luo Feng pressed the automatic transfer button in his villa of the virtual universe, as a member of the Hong Alliance, he had one more location he could teleport to, Hong Alliance city.

Xiu!

He vanished and was transferred to another space.

…

The entire virtual universe’s greatest space, where the strongest gathered, it was the Hong alliance space.

A vast space with stars revolving, there lay an ancient majestic city floating, it was Hong alliance city.

Weng!

As he landed, one of the countless stars about lit up.

“This is Hong alliance city?” Appearing within a living room no more than 1,000 square meters, he looked about and frowned, this was a small living room. While his height wasn’t that tall, there were others that exceeded 10 m etc, this was simply too small.

“Luo Feng Luo feng.” Babata sat on his shoulder and shouted, “I’ve received mail, this is your living quarters, all the outer city members have the same living space, it has an area of 3,200 square meters.”

“So small.” Luo Feng shook his head, “The Yu Xiang primal region villa is thousands of square meters, this space will be hard to even practice or do anything.”

“Luo Feng, according to the Hong alliance city management system, Hong alliance city isn’t a place for you to practice, it’s a place for the strong warriors to gather, they all have the same body build, a student level body.”

“I feel it.” Luo feng nodded.

Back when Luo Feng had first entered the black dragon mountain island in the virtual universe, it was the same, all the humans had the exact same body build, this was set to prevent fights. Just looking at their appearances was hard to determine their strengths.

Yu Xiang mountain however was a gathering spot for geniuses.

A place to nurture geniuses, for them to battle and train. Hence everyone had bodies close to their real bodies in reality. If one was a domain lord level 9 in reality, they would be so in the virtual universe…that way, it was suitable for training and battle.

The Hong Alliance city however reverted back to the original settings, everyone had the same weak body.

“Not just the emperors, even the knights have the same bodies here.” Babata said, “Hence as long as the knights control their pressure, even if a knight stood before you, you wouldn’t be able to tell. As everybody has the same build, the only difference is the consciousness…and one can control their pressure, making it impossible to tell.”

“Let’s go take a look.”

Luo Feng walked out.

…

It was a quiet vast little district, every living quarters took up 3,200 square meters, all 2 storeys high, each with its own style.

“The outer city is the most crowded and bustling, afterall, the inner city is mostly filled with knights and there are only so few of them? At least it’s clear…the outer city has over 3 million residents, separated into little districts, each with at most 10,000 residents.” Babata told Luo Feng.

Walking within the little district.

Luo Feng felt…almost like he was walking in a little district of earth, however seeing the different styles of each living quarters, seeing the many different warriors, be it rock life forms etc…only then did he feel he was in Hong alliance city, a place where the strong gathered.

He looked up to the skies.

The endless space, stars littered throughout.

“According to the information I gathered.” Luo Feng said softly, “Every star represents a warrior within the city, I wonder which one is mine.”

“Hm? There are a lot of warriors ahead.” He glanced forward.

In the land ahead there were many chairs and tables, the warriors sat in their groups and drank and chatted, with a glance…there were at least a hundred of them, about 5 of them human while the others all from other races.

“Ha, a new comer?”

“I’ve never seen you, have you just joined the Hong alliance?”

“Come, let’s drink together.”

Immediately, many warriors lifted their glasses and waved.

“Hehe, even though they are from different races everybody is friendly.” Luo Feng thought, simultaneously ordering within, “Babata, don’t reveal my identity.” The title of being the primal chaos city leader’s disciple was too shocking, and that news…definitely has spread throughout the Hong Alliance.

Plus, it was rare to see a sector lord in here, he didn’t want to become a spectacle.

“Understood.” Babata said.

Luo Feng headed towards the friendly warriors and smiled, after which he grabbed a glass of wine from the bar and headed to the 5 humans, they naturally formed a group around him.

“If you don’t mind, I’ll sit here.” Luo Feng was wearing black armor, his appearance slightly altered, plus with very few knowing the news of Luo Feng joining the Hong alliance, other than the 108 knights of the management level and the envoy team, no one else knew.

“Haha, dispense with the ceremonies, come sit.”

“Sit.”

The other 5 emperors smiled.

Luo Feng looked at their star markings on their shoulders, 4 2 stars and 1 3 stars.

“You just came to Hong Alliance, let me introduce you, I’m Wood Jade emperor. A long haired warrior with dark skin said, “These 4…”

…

Luo Feng chatted happily with the 5 emperors, occasionally, other race warriors would come say hi, this made Luo Feng get to know many other race warriors, he felt…as though the atmosphere was peaceful within the city, one had to know the emperors on Yan Ji main continent definitely didn’t get along well.

And it was hard to see so many emperors, how many emperors were there on Yan Ji main continent? Other than those rushing over by teleportation to kill or escape, it was extravagant to see 2 emperors together otherwise.

In primal chaos city however…

They were everywhere!

“Ice mountain is here.”

“Scum.”

The other race warriors suddenly got noisy, making Luo Feng get shocked. He gazed over with the other warriors…in the distance, a silhouette in white armor walked, it was a single eyed warrior with a mask and hundreds of braids.

This ice mountain warrior walked over to the bar, got his wine and walked to a table to drink alone.

“Ice Mountain, why are you still here?”

“You think you can just sit here?”

“You sure are shameless.”

“Hmph, if it were outside, I’d long have killed you.”

The many warriors all mocked, Ice mountain however continued to drink his wine, after which he stood up, stretched and glanced over, snorting coldly, “What a bunch of idiots.” After which he walked away into a little district.

Watching him leave, Luo Feng asked curiously, “What’s up with him? Did he enrage everybody?”

“Ha…I wouldn’t consider it that.” Wood Jade laughed softly, “There will naturally be competition where the strong gather, our little district currently has over 8,000 emperors, all from different races. As time passes, some will stay here for long, groups are naturally formed. The large groups will have over a thousand while the small will have hundreds.”

Luo Feng nodded.

After being sent to a small district, they would be stuck here, many had stayed here for trillions of years, naturally their would get closer to each other and groups were formed naturally.

“Several deals and other things that happened, that Ice mountain didn’t help out the larger leaders, hence everybody treats him that way.” A huge armored man with 2 beast claws said beside, “Luckily this is the virtual universe, if it was reality, he’d be dead.”

Wood jade continued, “Actually, what he did wouldn’t even be considered wrong.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng was stunned.

No wrong, and yet he was in this position?

“He can only blame the fact that he’s from a weak race.” Wood jade shook his head, “The race powers have a huge influence, that Ice mountain is from the Nuo Bu Si race, a weak race. I heard that the entire race only has 1 knight. Within the entire Hong alliance, they have no influence whatsoever. What do you think…for such a weak clansman from a weak race, it’d be better for him to stay low profile, however for him to mess things up like that…haha, everybody here are mostly emperors, even if he was the son of that race’s knight, no one would care.”

“However, as I said before, what he did cannot be considered wrong. The fault lies in his identity.” Wood jade smiled, “Like us humans, even if we did the same thing, who would dare mess with us? Just like when you walked over earlier…didn’t you see how passionately everyone greeted you.”

“Because…in Hong alliance city, humans are the strongest.” Wood Jade said softly.


Chapter 827: Shop in Hong Alliance City

Wood Jade emperor was very good at starting conversations and connecting. When Luo Feng wanted to go walk around Hong Alliance city, Wood Jade said confidently, “I’m extremely familiar with everywhere within the city, I’ll accompany you and introduce you to a few things.”

“That would be troublesome for you.” Luo Feng smiled.

“No trouble at all. Undyings have limitless life, they can’t always be training. And the dangerous battles only occur once in awhile. Over the long years, we do have to do some other things no? To accompany a good friend around Hong Alliance city is a happy thing.” Wood Jade smiled, revealing his snow white teeth.

With Wood Jade leading, Luo Feng began to explore the city.

…

Hong Alliance city, the lowest level of strength here was at emperor level. Countless warriors gathered in such a city, and the city itself was naturally very advanced. Rare scenes that occured in a typical place was very common here.

Large ship deals.

Plant life forms, metal life forms being exchanged.

Warrior employment.

Special item acquirement missions.

Huge auctions.

Gambling establishment.

“Gambling?” Luo Feng looked at the peculiar looking seven storey palace. On it were three human language words Pu Ya palace.

“Warriors all have the characteristics of taking risks, and over eternal life, there aren’t that many new things to do. Pu Ya palace is a gambling place…a hobby, come, I’ll introduce you.” Wood Jade dragged Luo Feng in. The moment they entered, they saw large numbers of warriors about.

This huge palace took up several km in space, it was bustling.

“Open!”

“Open!”

“Open!” The many emperors all stared ahead, laughing as they shouted excitedly.

“Number 1031.” A loud voice shouted the numbers.

Many of them within immediately cursed. There was one however that shouted, “1031 is Nong Cang emperor, he’s struck it rich this time.”

“Nong Cang, you’ve won 100 million mixed elements worth of treasure, you’ll have to treat me next time.”

“Don’t be stingy.”

“Is Nong Cang a stingy human?”

Loud shouts came from all over, after which, a curly long haired tall man shouted out, “Go go go. Those with tickets can all head to the Nine fragrant palace hall.”

“Luxurious.”

“Generous indeed.”

Large cheers could be heard.

Luo Feng looked over immediately, asking curiously, “Wood Jade, what’s going on?”

“This is a one out of 10,000 gamble.” He laughed. “And this lottery system allows the gambling den to earn quite a bit.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“These sort of games are very simple. They produce treasure worth 100 million mixed elements, these aren’t some random lousy things. The treasures here are worth at least that much when exchanged or sold outside.” Wood Jade explained, “One treasure from the gambling den is produced and then they will sell 10,000 tickets. Also, every ticket is priced at 10,000 mixed elements.”

“When all 10,000 tickets are sold, they will choose one number out of the lot, the one with that ticket will get the treasure” Wood Jade said.

“So it’s like that.” Luo Feng realized.

It was interesting.

It was akin to 10,000 warriors buying one item together, and one out of all of them would get the item alone.

Investing 10,000 to get back 100 million.

Of course many of them failed.

“Since the ticket is only priced at 10,000 mixed elements, occasionally gambling is fun.” Wood Jade walked and explained. There were many different types of gambling, and they were quite similar to the gambling of earth itself, with some unique traits of its own.

The smaller ones were worth a few hundred mixed elements, while the higher ones were in the hundred millions.

However the higher ones would have prominent figures occasionally come give it a shot. Afterall, even emperor pinnacles wouldn’t dare gamble so high.

…

“Hu.” Walking out of Pu Ya palace, Luo Feng was shocked, “How much does this place earn? So many warriors coming here to gamble, just earning a little from each of them would be plenty enough.”

“Pu Ya palace is the only gambling den in the entire city. Even though it is taxed by the alliance, it’s profits are shocking, and it cannot be bought or sold either.” Wood Jade exclaimed. “There’s no way to request to build another gambling den in the city, there’s just this one. I’ve heard that a palace master is the boss of Pu Ya palace. I’ve even heard that it may be several palace masters together owning it.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Not just Pu Ya palace.”

Wood Jade walked in the alley, pointing to the huge shops, “All the businesses have number limits. These shops…have to have at least a knight backing before they can begin. Hence, not everyone can simply have businesses here in the Hong alliance.”

“Of course there are pros and cons.”

“Other than Pu Ya palace and few other unique places, there are many shops that are also unique but limited in numbers, naturally there will be competition.”

“Haha…”

“Even though we emperors are unable to open a shop, we don’t need to pay for lodging and so on in here, but only for gambling or buying things. Naturally we will have no expenses if we wished it. However as long as a shop is open…it requires paying taxes to the Hong alliance all the time.” Wood Jade pointed ahead. “Look, that’s the best shop with lots of goods…it’s named universe treasure hall. I’ve heard a human palace master opened it.”

The hall was split into two levels, and every level was the same size as Pu Ya palace.

One had to know that space was limited in the city, and even the emperors lived in tiny spaces. Hence for a ship to be several km in area, how much stuff could fit in there?

“Hu.”

“Hehe.”

Luo Feng entered the universe treasure hall. Looking at the countless treasures displayed about, every one of them had a picture that showed footage, picture and information about the item, including it’s background, specialty and price.

“The treasures on the first floor are priced from one million mixed elements to 100 billion, there’s everything.” Wood Jade pointed out, “Look at the stairs heading to the second floor.”

“Hm?” Luo Feng turned to look.

“Universe treasure hall is the best ship. There are countless treasures on the first floor, and the second floor has even more valuable items. Some could be bought with mixed elements. Others were contraband, and one had to exchange for them with other treasures…using a barter system.” Wood Jade explained. “You should know that several treasures in the universe are extremely rare and unique. To give them an accurate price is very hard… especially unique items, since they may be useless to some, but crucial to others. It’s hard to put a price on some items, but exchanging makes it a simpler deal.”

Luo Feng nodded, walking and looking about.

After awhile, they reached the stairs.

“This isn’t a place you can go.” Nine beautiful other race ladies stood next to the hundred meters wide stairway, and one of them stared coldly at Luo Feng and said.

Luo Feng was stunned.

“The second floor isn’t open to just anybody.” A piercing voice resounded. A man with purple scales and was dressed in a peculiar gold robe that made him look like a purple jade statue walked over, immediately walking to the stairs and shooting Luo Feng a glance.

“Yang.”

Wood Jade walked over. Looking at the gold robe warrior, he said, “One has to be a four star or above being to go up. Or have over 100 billion mixed elements in your account of the Universe first bank or Universe galaxy bank. Fulfilling any one of these criteria will allow you to go up.”

“And who’s that seemingly arrogant fella?” Luo feng laughed.

“He’s called Wu Pin emperor.” Wood jade said softly. “Even though he’s from another race, his teacher is a seven star being, and his teacher spoils him and views him as his own.”

“A disciple of a seven star?” Luo Feng laughed.

“That Wu Pin emperor is pretty vicious. Since he’s been outspoken and friendly with powerful warriors, he has powerful friends. Yang, we are from different circles…we cannot mess with him.” Wood Jade said. “Different circles have differences, naturally those with a stronger background would all mix together.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng nodded.

“There are countless treasures on the first floor. They are in the trillions, and this is enough for you to view for a long time.” Wood Jade smiled.

“I guess so.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He laughed within at that Wu Pin emperor. Looks like the other races did feel inferior to humans, and against the truly confident humans… they didn’t care about the other races. His arrogance was probably a sign of his own feeling of inferiority.

…

The universe treasure hall was indeed the best shop in Hong Alliance city. There were many rare treasures, and some that even the virtual universe treasure trove didn’t have. Of course, there were some items in the virtual treasure treasure trove that weren’t available here too.

However…how could the items in the treasure trove compare to the ones here.

“Sure makes me want to buy stuff.”

“Hehe, the treasures needed for Golden horned beast training Deities of the world, there are a few here.” Luo Feng was happier as he looked around. He didn’t intend to buy anything initially. However after seeing trillions of treasures, he couldn’t help but want to buy something. However, the things he was truly interested in were normally worth a few hundreds of millions to billions of mixed elements.

Unfortunately…

He had no money on him, even though he had several items after killing that Na shi youth, he didn’t exchange them for cash.

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s gaze suddenly landed on a over 8m tall peculiar gold armor. Even though this was simulated by the virtual universe, the instant he saw it, he immediately thought of the soldier and general armor.

“This is…” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.


Chapter 828: Gold armor

Luo Feng carefully examined the gold armor before him, especially the energy that was simulated from it. It was similar to the soldier and general armor. But the only thing was…this armor was something scanned and simulated in the virtual universe. Hence, Luo Feng couldn’t feel the calling here.

If it were in reality, he would easily feel it.

That was impossible in the virtual universe.

“The feeling it gives me is similar to the two armors I posses.” Luo Feng looked at the picture. On it was detailed information about it along with a price.

“Hm?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but reveal happiness, “Mother flame race…”

The detailed information of the picture.

This armor was acquired from an ancient battle in the race wars. It’s original owner was an emperor of the Mother flame race, who was incredibly powerful. Ten emperors died from his hands…and later on, he was killed by a knight!

The warrior was instantly reduced to nothing from the attack, the gold armor on him however was undamaged. It was a shocking and a mysterious treasure.

This armor was kept as a memento of the battle, after careful examination…

It couldn’t change its size!

Unable to be absorbed into any body!

However its material is sturdy enough so that even a knight would take quite some effort to break through it. Because of the tests, there are three very tiny tears in it.

Even though it cannot change its size…an undying can become undying energy and enter it. The undying can then form his body accordingly. According to the tests, even if one cannot fuse with it, as long as one wears it, soul attacks would be diminished by over 90% by it!

Even other attacks would have the same effect!

Just with the soul and physical attack diminishing properties…this golden armor is a true treasure, it is priceless! However it’s weakness is…its form is fixed and cannot change, making it slightly troublesome.

1, A fixed golden armor is rigid at the joints. If one is a fighter, he will find it hard to wave his blades.

2, A two meter tall god having to form an over 8m tall body affects his strength greatly. A human undying with a height of 2m would definitely never purposely make himself 10m, 1,000m or even 10,000 m tall. Even though it was possible, it would have great effect on his strength. Hence the original form was the optimum.

3, Even though this gold armor had a helmet, it’s face area was revealed. As long as a soul attack goes through that area, it wouldn’t be blocked by the armor. It’s power wouldn’t be diminished.

3 great weakness.

Combined with it’s incredibly high price…five billion mixed elements, it made it so that no one would even bother asking about the armor.

“Five billion mixed elements?” Luo Feng nodded, “Not bad, it isn’t too absurd.”

“Yang.”

Wood Jade walked over and saw Luo Feng engrossed in the description of the golden armor. He couldn’t help but laugh, “This armor is very mysterious. It can block both physical and soul attacks. However it’s weakness is obvious, especially the revealed face portion, it makes its strength useless. Especially with its five billion mixed elements price…haha, this armor is useful even for emperors, but who would be willing to pay five billion for an armor they have to change their undying body to fit with so many flaws?”

“Ah?” Luo Feng looked at him, “No one has bought it before?”

Even with so many weaknesses.

It’s strengths were shocking, there should be some who would buy it.

“Of course it’s been bought before.” Wood Jade laughed. “Back then the Black phoenix bought one. To fit into it, she changed her body just and even specially making an alloy armor to help it.”

“What happened?”

“She met another other race warrior in a secret region and because she changed the size of her body, her strength got lowered! And the other race warrior was much stronger, discovering her mask’s weakness after a while. As her special alloy mask isn’t as good as the gold armor, it only decreased half of the soul attacks.”

“The enemy’s soul attack went through her face.”

“She fell in the war!”

“Ah what a pity.”

Wood Jade shook his head, “One has to know that the most terrifying emperors are those proficient in soul attacks. They pass through space itself and are incredibly fast, able to go in through anywhere. As long as there’s a weak spot anywhere, the defenses of the other parts are useless. The gold armor is useless against it, even making an undying change her form just to fit it, it’s simply a waste and useless.”

“If it were cheaper, like about 500 to 600 million, people will buy it more.”

“But five billion…”

“It’s enough to make an emperor feel the pinch and not buy something like that.” Wood Jade said, “Over countless years, there have been several unlucky warriors that have fallen. Hence no one buys it stupidly anymore. However it is strange…this armor has been transferred about several times, even taken by the enemy but returning after a few battles. However, the price has always been fixed. Theoretically, the price should drop after so long, however it’s always remained at five billion. Ah…when it first appeared its price was fifty billion, and after the 1st user fell, it dropped to five billion. Over countless years, it’s stayed the same.”

“Transferred a few times?” Luo Feng was curious, “The universe treasure hall only has this one?”

“They have a total of three.”

Wood Jade said, “However, this one with the three tears was the one sold to Black phoenix, I knew her.”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng nodded and eyed the armor.

Simultaneously decreasing physical and soul attacks?

Unable to change in size?

Unable to fuse with the body?

Mother flame race?

“This is it!” Luo Feng was very sure from the four points. “This is the higher level armor from the soldier and general armor.”

“Mother flame race? The soldier and general logo are the same.”

“Unable to fuse with the body? Hmph, the mosha body untrained in the nameless manual cannot fuse with the armors too.”

“Unable to change in size? It can only do so after the fusion.”

“Weaken physical and soul attacks? This confirms it…this is similar to the soldier and general armor.”

Luo feng was very excited within.

The Hong alliance was indeed a place where the strong and countless treasure gathered. He randomly stumbled upon a mysterious gold armor and even though all its treasures were priced accurately, it was lucky that no warrior in the alliance had a way to use this armor properly. Hence it wasn’t too expensive.

“I definitely have to buy it.” Luo Feng thought.

Luo Feng was very clear about his own trump cards.

Even though the Sha Wu wings were very strong, the more important thing to him was the nameless manual and the general armor. Because, these two could raise his strength. The general armor allowed him to have an extra 10,000 sector lords’ strength, making up for the difference between him and the undyings.

It not only increased his defense and offense, it increased his chances of survival.

General armor!

The Golden horned beast and earth body both had emperor level strength mainly because of it. In terms of law comprehension, Luo Feng relying on the Beast god presence was only at level 18. This is far from Ke Di’s level 20 from back then. However with the mysterious general armor…he had intrepid strength.

Along with the Sha Wu wings and his own pinnacle technique, he could easily kill a pinnacle official. Even relying on the flame god crystal to kill a low emperor.

“If I didn’t have the nameless manual and the general armor…”

“I’d only have official level strength.”

“I have to thank the creator of the nameless manual.” Luo Feng guessed that since earth humans were nurtured by that great creator, the Mother flame race was probably nurtured from the same creator. The nameless manual should therefore be from the same great creator.

“I have never met him, but he’s given me so much.” Luo Feng thought.

“Wood Jade emperor.” Luo Feng said.

“Yang?” Wood jade looked curiously at him.

“I need your help in something.” Luo feng smiled and walked out of the shop with him.

…

To buy the gold armor, he needed five billion mixed elements!

Luckily it was only five billion, and it was not enough to force him to sell the inheritance crystal. But the goods left behind by the Na Shi youth…Luo Feng had to sell them all.

As for those goods…with his discounted price, Luo Feng would still have to spend at least eight billion points. Naturally the other emperors couldn’t get it at such low prices. Luo Feng was the disciple of the primal chaos city leader, only because of that was he so privileged. The Virtual Universe Company earned very little from him.

…

After a day and a half, Luo Feng finally sold everything.

He first got an estimate from the Virtual Universe Company, they agreed to use seven billion to buy everything.

After which, he asked around the shops in Hong alliance city, and they agreed to buy some, the highest giving him 7.8 billion.

It was crucial to get a good price!

Wood Jade passionately brought Luo Feng around, first to the district where he stayed, then to friends, asking for prices…finally he sold everything at 8.6 billion.

“If I exchanged for treasure within the Virtual Universe Company and then sold it here, wouldn’t I make it rich? It’s a pity that the Virtual Universe Company is very strict to all primal region members, banning any sales of items.” Luo Feng sighed. The company nurtured him well and didn’t earn much from him.

Hence the prices were so low.

…

A day and a half later.

Luo Feng came alone to the universe treasure hall, making sure there was no one else around. The treasures were extremely expensive, and it took an emperor countless years to buy one. With only more than three million emperors in Hong alliance city, only a few would come in and browse, it was mostly empty.

“Come here.” Luo Feng called the employee.

“Valued customer, what do you want to buy?” He walked over.

“This gold armor is special, I’ll buy it.” Luo Feng said.


Chapter 829: Decision

“Gold…gold armor?” The worker stared hard with disbelief. This gold armor had been displayed here for a long time with no one buying it. There were some in the management of the treasure hall that suggested getting rid of it or lowering the price, however no suggestion ever went through. It remained here and its price stuck at five billion.

“Dear customer, please wait.” The worker said, going to call the owner of the first level. It was a seductive looking human lady with gold curly hair, her sleeve had the mark of three stars

A three star warrior!

The lady smiled at Luo Feng, “Let’s go in and talk.”

Luo Feng nodded and entered a room behind the shop, and the two of them sat opposite to each other.

“Let me introduce myself, I am Can xin emperor, the secondary owner of the treasure hall.” She said.

Luo Feng nodded silently.

“It’s rare to meet someone who wishes to purchase the gold armor.” She smiled. “I will warn you, there have been many that have purchased it before but none have ended well, and five billion is not a small amount…”

Luo Feng nodded.

He was pretty wealthy, however he still wasn’t able to simply dish out 5 billion for a worthless item. This however was an armor that was similar to the soldier and general armor, one that even a knight would find hard to destroy. It was too obvious that this was a higher level version of the other two.

Even if it meant selling everything, he had to buy it!

“I’ll buy it.” Luo Feng said.

“This is the contract.” The lady said. “With the virtual universe system as witness, both parties will sign and you will immediately transfer the funds to us after. If we do not send it to you within the time, you’ll be refunded ten times the amount.

Luo Feng and the lady signed.

Luo Feng immediately transferred the five billion to the Universe treasure hall account.

“I hope to remain anonymous within your records. I don’t wish for anyone to know I purchased the armor.” Luo Feng frowned.

“Relax.” The lady said confidently, “Our treasure hall has a confidentiality clause. Of course, if you reveal it yourself, you cannot blame us.”

Luo Feng got up and left.

The lady watched as he left and she vanished from the hall.

…

Virtual universe, a space opened specially for a knight.

The lady appeared within a vast ice land, and in the center was an ancient palace. It was completely empty within, but on the surface of the ice outside the palace, sat an old man.

“Palace master.” The lady stood before him respectfully.

“What huge deal did the treasure hall do?” The old man looked at the lady. This was the palace master of the treasure hall, a knight level being. Normally only huge deals would require him to appear personally.

“The gold armor has been sold.” The lady said.

“That useless broken armor?” The old man said curiously.

“Yes.” The lady replied.

“Who bought it?” The old man asked.

“He didn’t reveal his identity, leaving only his virtual universe contact number to contact and receive his goods.” The lady replied. “And it’s very hard to search for his identity from his number.”

“I can’t do so either, naturally it’s hard.” The old man waved his hand, “You may leave.”

“Yes.”

The lady vanished.

Only the old man was left in the vast ice land. He frowned, “A lousy gold armor is worth five billion, why does the master value it so much? The master ordered that the price would remain at five billion, and to inform him immediately when someone buys it. Is this armor truly that mysterious?”

His master…

Was a true absolute being of the pinnacle race of humanity, he was the true owner of the Universe treasure hall.

Virtual universe, within the highest palace on thunder island surrounded by chaos energy, a silhouette appeared outside. His body was demonic like a mountain, long with a dragon tail, along with eyes that seemed to hold the entire universe within. Just standing there alone, he gave off a huge force that shook the space about.

“Primal chaos city leader.” He stood outside and said, his voice reaching into the palace and resounding within.

“Long Yan, why aren’t you coming in?” A calm voice resounded from within.

Two warriors.

One was enough to shake space.

One was calm like the ocean.

“Without your approval, how could I dare barge in?” Long Yan’s voice was booming as he mocked before entering.

The chaos energy parted naturally, revealing a pathway, allowing Long Yan master to easily see the primal chaos city leader in his throne. Long Yan was straightforward…walking straight towards the throne beside and sitting down, “I’m here because of the Yan Shen race gold armor.”

“That armor?” The city leader’s eyes gleamed, “Long Yan, have you found the way to duplicate it?”

“No.” Long Yan shook his head, “That creator was simply too powerful. To make these armors in bulk, even after so many years of studying it, humanity still hasn’t created a single one.”

“Then why have you come?” The city leader asked curiously. “Someone has bought one of the gold armors.” Long Yan master said.

The city leader looked at him. So what if someone bought it? He knew too…Long Yan purposely set the price at five billion, mainly to force those without confidence to give up on it and those with confidence of using it only to buy it. They may have had some encounters that allowed them to use the wonders of the armor.

However to tell him personally, could it be…

“The buyer of the armor is your disciple Luo Feng.” Long Yan master said.

“Ah…” Even though he had guessed, many thoughts had rushed through his mind as Long Yan confirmed it.

“Your disciple is from earth, and the humans of earth were nurtured by that great creator.” Long Yan said. “The Yan Shen race was also produced by the same creator…I’m afraid, your disciple may have a way of using the gold armor.”

“So what if he does? How many gold armors are there within the race?” The city leader shook his head. “The most important thing for the race is to study how to make the armor in bulk, studying the Yan Shen race’s limitless amplification Royal armor. Just a few sets of the gold armor alone is useless for humanity.”

The city leader and Long Yan master…such absolute beings, how far did they see.

The way to create the Yan Shen race’s most powerful Royal armor was the only thing they were looking for. It was obvious that the Yan Shen race could make it in bulk, there was obviously a way to do so. It was a pity even after killing many Yan Shen warriors, and searching their souls, using all methods, they still haven’t found the answer.

“Haha…I won’t bother about your disciple then, you as the teacher can manage him yourself.” Long Yan boomed. “If he discovers any important secret in relation to growing humanity’s strength, that would be a huge contribution.”

“Hm.” The city leader nodded, “Leave it to me.”

“Has your main body returned?” Long Yan suddenly asked, his expression serious.

“Not yet.” The city leader shook his head.

“Be careful.” Long Yan said seriously, “Don’t fall.”

“Even if I do, I’ll use my clones to make another body, using some energy and time.” The city leader said.

“How many energy crystals are required to make another body of yours? And how much time? That’s a huge blow to humanity. And the loss of your body for such long periods of time has a huge effect too, you are an important strength to our race.” Long Yan smiled, “Don’t get too crazy, know when to retreat.”

The city leader nodded.

“I’ll be leaving.” Long Yan turned and vanished.

…

Within the palace, the primal chaos city leader sat in the throne, Long Yan had been gone for awhile.

“Even though Luo Feng had created a pinnacle technique, his law comprehension is average.” The city leader frowned. “Even relying on the Sha Wu wings…he is still very weak, however the strength he displays is shocking. Even not relying on the wings, he still has a high emperor’s strength. I always knew he had some special encounter or treasure, and from the looks of it…it should be the Yan Shen race’s soldier and general armor.”

“Sigh!”

He sighed.

He was very disappointed.

It was because even though the soldier and general armor were powerful…these were created in bulk by the Yan Shen race. They may give him the strength of a god and were extremely useful during his undying phase. However as his strength grew, the effect of the armors got less and less useful. They were only useful in bulk!

It had a temporary effect on one only.

“I thought he had some great encounter, or got some treasure produced by the universe, or from before the big bang…” The city leader shook his head. A true treasure was supposed to get stronger as a warrior’s strength grew, like the Sha Wu wings in the hands of an undying could only unleash average strength.

However in the hands of a knight, it was terrifying.

At the universe master level, it was still useful.

This was a true treasure.

“This is only a conjecture.”

“We’ll see if he can really use the gold armor.” He said softly. “Maybe he cannot use it and has some other hidden things. But, if he can use it, it also means he has a special way of using armors from the Yan Shen race.”

Humanity knew of the way to use the armors long ago.

However…

They couldn’t copy it. Other than the Yan Shen race, no other races could use it. Just like back during the first few wars, countless undyings were reduced to nothing, and countless fragments of the soldier and general armors were broken apart and mixed in the remains. The humans later on never discovered these fragments, thinking them as part of the debris.

And as the gold armor wasn’t completely destroyed, it was valued and treated as a treasure.


Chapter 830: Decades

After Luo Feng purchased the gold armor from the Treasure hall in Hong alliance city, he had set the delivery to be three days later at the 26th camp.

Naturally rushing over from Yan Ji main continent would require a few months, to even a couple of years. However Luo Feng was very anxious to get the armor. Also, the many deals he had selling the goods of the Na Shi youth were mostly set in the 26th camp too. Hence, he had to rush over.

Using the Star eating plant’s god country teleportation, he immediately returned to human territory.

This time he teleported to a close space to Cang Bird star.

After flying in the dark universe for two days, he arrived there and used the space pathway to head to the 26th camp in the 7th battlefield.

…

Within the transportation pathway of the 26th camp.

“New recruits are here.”

“Go lead the new recruits.”

“Hm, why are there so little this time?” The leader of the new recruits, the white robed undying and his underlings were all shocked to see so few of them. According to the rules, normally only after 100 sector lords were gathered would they send the group. And usually the accompanying domain lords and universe levels would add up to a few thousand at least.

“This time however, there was only over 1,000 of them, about 10 sector lords.

“Weng…” A formless pressure spread out.

“Ah.”

The expression of the white robed undying changed. His gaze landing on a silver armored and silver winged youth. The pressure coming from the youth was powerful, it made this undying go pale, “So an emperor has come, no wonder they sent so little this time.”

Cang Bird star dared to make the sector lords, domain lords and universe levels wait, but they didn’t dare do so to an emperor.

“Lord.” The white robed undying welcomed him.

“I know where to go.” Luo Feng said, after which he followed the familiar pathways within.

This scene made the undying and his underlings all smile, the group of new recruits blinked…this great being was at least an official too.

“My living quarters are the same as before.” Luo Feng was given the same villa within. “Looks like no one has taken it since then.”

There were two usual practices for the distribution of spaces.

The higher contribution points emperors would be given a place, and as long as no other undying takes it after he leaves, he would be given the same place after.

“Ha, Yang.”

A voice resounded.

Luo Feng looked into the distance, about 100km away on a mountain peak, there stood a luxurious villa, a silhouette gazed over.

“Zi Ma.” Luo Feng smiled back.

“It hasn’t been long since you came last time, why are you back again? Haha, what a pity, Ku Tuo is currently at Star tower.” The emperor said from afar, after which he soared through the air and appeared outside Luo Feng’s island. This was an other race warrior with three heads, and one was bigger than the other two, “Not inviting me over?”

“Would I dare? Please come.” Luo Feng said.

The island was a personal private space. Without permission, no one was allowed to enter. Within the camp…no one dared break this rule.

“It hasn’t been a year since your return last time.” Ci Ma said.

“I have some business, hence the quick return.” Luo Feng said. He immediately returned to Yan Ji main continent after buying the goods to fight it out with the Na Shi youth. After killing him and getting the second black metal board, he trained for another three months before returning.

Indeed it hadn’t been a year.

…

After returning, Luo Feng met up with a few emperor friends and many of them said, “Yang, you were in black armor and wings before, why are they silver now?” Luo Feng immediately replied, “My armor changes color frequently, from black to silver, it may even turn gold soon.”

This made many emperors laugh.

…

Back in the camp.

During the first day, Luo Feng swiftly handed large amounts of the goods to the Virtual Universe Company delivery department, sending them towards the emperors he sold them to.

During the second day, the gold armor arrived.

“Sir, these are the goods you ordered.” The staff member stood outside the island, “Please confirm your identity…confirmation complete.”

“Thanks.” Luo Feng received the space ring.

The employee bowed respectfully and left.

Luo Feng used his world energy to enter the ring and easily discovered the one item within…the gold armor! Actually from the moment the employee arrived at the 26th camp, his body’s every cell was already jumping from within. Luo Feng knew at that point, that the treasure had arrived!

He knew even without checking.

He was incredibly excited. Even though his guess before had a high chance, without feeling it personally, there was no way to confirm it 100%.

“Such a thrilling feeling.”

“My entire body is shaking.” Luo Feng’s eyes held suppressed excitement. “Five billion mixed elements. Even the silver armor! Just in terms of soul and physical attacks, it can diffuse over 90% of it. This is enough to make an emperor go bankrupt. Even if it was fifty billion, I would still buy it! Much less just 5 for this gold armor!”

“I’ve struck it big.”

“Let’s see, the previous two were soldier and general, what would this one be called.”

Luo Feng excitedly returned to his quarters and let the golden horned beast within his internal world study the gold armor.

Internal world.

A vast grassland, a huge mountain like golden horned beast lay there. Suddenly he got up quickly. Because it had been training the second volume of the nameless manual all this while, its body constantly crumbled to nothing. Hence, it had long forced the general armor pearl out of its body.

Sou! The over 8m tall golden armor appeared in the air above the grassland.

“Howl.” The beast raised its head and howled, looking at the tiny gold armor.

Xiu!

The descending armor seemed to be hit by some strong force, instantly becoming a beam of gold light rushing into the beast’s body. After which, it became countless gold threads melding with its every cell, and a peculiar imprint began to form at its chest.

There on the beast’s chest, above the scales, the Yan Shen word King appeared before dispersing.

“King.” Black clothed Luo Feng stared at the huge scale on the beast’s chest. Surprised, he said “It’s indeed what I guessed. A higher level than the two armors from before, this should be the King armor!”

“Soldier, General, King, I wonder if there are others that are even stronger.”

“Who cares, this king armor alone is placing huge stress on the beast. Let’s see if it can trigger the full power of it.”

“King armor, gather!” Black clothed Luo Feng stared at the huge beast before it.

“Howl!”

The beast raised its head and howled, gold began to swiftly form throughout its body. The black scales quickly became gold, and in an instant, the entire beast had become a glaring gold, its powerful aura spreading throughout.

“Not enough!”

“The pressure is too huge!” The three bodies all shared one consciousness, black clothed Luo Feng changed his expression.

The beast howled and triggered its blood river energy! It’s body strength amplified 12 times!

“Still not enough.”

The beast began to shrink, unleashing deities of the world.

Beast god transformation!

Natural ability!

Using everything.

The beast’s body kept growing in strength. The pressure form the gold armor was decreased over 99%. Yet it still felt painful and uncomfortable, it was obvious the beast hadn’t pushed it to its limit.

“The beast’s body is actually unable to fully utilize the King armor?”

…

Later on, Luo Feng forced out the King armor pearl and let the beast continue training in the second volume of the nameless manual.

Simultaneously, he left the camp and took a ship for a few months to return to Yan Ji main continent, beginning his training days.

Studying the laws.

Studying his Moon policy.

And also studying the second volume.

He would occasionally go out to hunt, it was pretty easy on him. As his earth body had the silver armor and silver wings, it made the warriors on Yan Ji continent know…there was a powerful human warrior called Yang with emperor strength. He was fast and intrepid with high emperor strength, and was not to be messed with.

In the blink of an eye, thirty years had passed.

“Haha, I’ve finally finished the second volume.”

“Now I can completely unleash my strength. The beast can unleash over 10,000 sector lords strength. I don’t believe I can’t fully utilize the king armor now.” Within his internal world, black clothed Luo Feng floated in mid air and stared ahead.

The beast once again melded with the king armor pearl.

Hua!

The completely black golden horned beast shrank and became like a little beast god, instantly becoming its strongest form, and was covered in gold completely.

“I’ve already successfully pushed it to its limit.”

“It truly takes 10,000 sector lords’ strength to push the King armor to its limit.” The beast howled with joy as it resounded throughout the grassland and skies. This King armor had given the beast a total of 100,000 sector lords’ strength!

A human emperor body at pinnacle level could only produce 100,000 sector lords’ strength.

This king armor’s power was incredibly.

“Haha…”

“I fear no one on Yan Ji main continent anymore!” With such an intrepid body, he was able to completely block 100,000 sector lords’ level of power, physical or soul. It meant that any attack from a pinnacle emperor and below was completely blocked. Even an attack stronger than that…would be diffused by over 90%.

In defense, the King armor was much stronger than the general armor.


Chapter 831: Billows in Yan Ji

In the 189th year Luo Feng was in Yan Ji main continent.

Within the edges of the continent, there was a majestic mountain range over a million km high. A silver armored and winged youth was lying on a stone, and beside him was a blood shadow blade. He muttered, “Hope that Night emperor has some good news for me. Hope it doesn’t waste my time.”

“Sou!” A silhouette appeared beside him.

“He’s come.” The youth got up.

“Yang, you sure are casual.” Night emperor mocked. He was in a dark red armor and he had wings with gold eyes.

“Occasionally.”

Luo Feng’s eyes were like lightning, giving off a terrifying energy. As a black warrior with a thick mix of the beast god bloodline, he maintained his beast god transformation all the time…along with the pressure the Sha Wu wings gave off, how could it not be terrifying?

“Speak, why have you come to me. And, how come we cannot speak in the virtual universe, but having to come here personally.” Luo Feng looked at him.

“Big news, big … but good news.” Night emperor emphasized.

“What news?” Luo Feng was curious.

Over time, he had acquired many emperor friends, of which some were in the main continent with him. The main thing was that his earth body form used the name Yang to interact. Naturally the golden horned beast had several friends too, like Star fantasy emperor. However, the beast made friends mostly with the rare other races, and it only had a total of three friends.

The earth body had many friends, of which he was closest to this Night emperor!

Night emperor was one of the human races, a pinnacle emperor with the ability to teleport! He was intrepid and brutal, not easily recognizing others. However the moment he did…he was straightforward and easy with them. Luo Feng had sparred with him several times…after he was recognized, the two of them became true friends.

In the words of Night emperor, “Your instantaneous speed is simply too fast. Even though I’m able to teleport, the moment I do, you’ve already dodged. Unless one is proficient in soul attacks, it’s extremely hard to harm you.”

…

“We’ll speak in your cave.” Night emperor was being very cautious.

“So cautious?” Luo Feng smiled, he could feel the atmosphere as he brought Night emperor into the cave.

Within.

The two of them sat down.

“Yang, you should know of some of Yan Ji continent’s legends right.” Night emperor said. “Let’s communicate mentally, just in case there’s some warriors with scanners more advanced than ours. Haha…of course on the main continent, it’s rare for that to happen. Anyway, we have to be careful.”

“Yan Ji continent legends?” Luo Feng was stunned, “You are speaking of…Sacrificial tower?”

“Hm.” Night emperor nodded.

The 7th battlefield had many mysterious places.

Like Yan Ji main continent and Star tower and other battle regions, they all had their legends, like the main continent usually had many sacrificial statues about. Even over trillions of years, they had yet to fully decay, and their energy usage was shocking, making many warriors ponder about the indigenous people of the continent.

“I’ve heard of some.” Luo Feng frowned. “Back then when the 7th battlefield was first opened, I heard that the four pinnacle races swept through the area to forge the battle regions. The indigenous people of the main continent were naturally driven out, and unable to stand up against the four pinnacle races. As it was sudden, only part of them got away, and many others were massacred.”

“Yan Ji main continent is most known for its sacrificial towers, and every one of them…is a huge survival base. The indigenous people had many treasures stored within them before taking them along and fleeing.”

“However as it was rushed, many didn’t manage to get away.”

“Some were taken away by the four pinnacle races, while some were left hidden in parts of the continent. I heard that they are mysterious in their construct, that even a knight’s god energy cannot detect them. Our scanners cannot detect them at all.” Luo Feng said, “Ten towers were discovered so far.”

“Have you discovered a tower?” Luo Feng smiled at him.

Night emperor’s expression was serious, nodding.

“Damn.”

Luo Feng suddenly stood up, staring at Night emperor, “Are you lying to me? Am I truly that lucky?”

“I’m not lying.” Night emperor emphasized.

“What’s going on?” Luo Feng looked at him, frowning, “We are definitely good friends. However, the Sacrificial towers…they are survival bases from when the indigenous people fled,and they hold a large amount of treasure. That’s the amount of an entire race, even though each tower only has a small portion, but it’s still a huge amount to us emperors. Such an amount of treasure, there’s no need for you to share.”

Every place had its own stories.

Like back on Shattered stars, Yan Ji main continent or Star tower.

They all had their own stories.

Yan Ji continent’s Sacrificial towers were renowned, and several top battle regions in the 7th battlefield, like Star tower had even more precious treasures that would make emperors go crazy for. Of course, only one appeared once in awhile. But even so, the probability was still much higher than discovering a Sacrificial tower.

“You are right. Even as friends, there’s no need to share.” Night emperor smiled, “The reason I’m inviting you is because of your flying and dodging abilities. In a critical time with space lockdown, we can rely on it to escape. After sparring so many times, your flying ability…is truly impressive.”

“Ha…” Luo Feng smiled.

“I’ll tell you in detail.” Night emperor emphasized. “I fought with another race emperor, who had hid within a deep cave. Even though he was weaker than me, he’s still a high emperor. That fight…we gave it our all and the ground collapsed, and the space tore apart. He was already heavily injured and was fleeing, then we unexpectedly discovered the tower!”

“It’s incredibly mysterious, even the knights cannot break through it or detect it. It’s a survival base of the indigenous people of the main continent. Naturally both of us were unable to forcefully keep it in our world rings.”

“However, at the entrance lay a body of one of the indigenous people. Both of us discovered a talisman to enter the tower. We immediately fought to acquire it, the main thing was that he had the advantage as he got there first. Even though I’m stronger, I only got half of it.”

“There were a total of six parts to that talisman.”

“I got three and he got three.”

“According to the items we found on that body, there was an instruction that said one could enter the tower with the talisman. However, the six parts had to be used from six different sides simultaneously to get the treasure within.” Night emperor shook his head helplessly. “Since both of us got part of the talisman, we could enter the tower, However, we could only move about in the living areas etc, the treasure areas within had all sorts of security devices. Hence, we need six of us to enter simultaneously! And to activate that door…”

“Night emperor, these six life forms may need to be indigenous people.” Luo Feng frowned. “The tower may have set that only indigenous people can enter, and it wouldn’t let us other races take the treasure. Even with the six talismans, we may not be able to get it.”

“I definitely understand that.” Night emperor said. “However…didn’t other warriors acquire the treasures from the other towers before?”

“Anyway, the treasure left behind by the indigenous people is within. Even though this is only one tower, it should be akin to at least a knight’s wealth. And over countless years, its defenses may have already grown old and weakened.” Night emperor said. “Risking it to get such a treasure, I’d definitely do it. Yang, will you go?”

“Danger comes with risk.”

Luo Feng smiled, “Of course!”

Luo Feng was pretty confident of his survival ability. Looking at the history, there were others that had gotten the treasures from sacrificial towers before, why couldn’t he do so too?

“Let’s go, follow me to look for Piercing tiger emperor.” Night emperor said.

“Piercing tiger?” Luo Feng asked curiously, “Let’s go.”

Shua!

Night emperor held on to Luo Feng and teleported.

…

In another side of the continent, Piercing tiger emperor and his team were stationed around a cave in a mountain. It was normal to see one stay either in a cave or underground.

Within a palace.

Luo Feng, Night emperor and Piercing tiger emperor stood there. Even though Piercing tiger wasn’t a human, he was from the human camp. Hence, he was naturally on good terms with the other two. “Yang, Night emperor, why have you come here?” He asked. “And we have to communicate mentally even without any underlings around, looks like it’s something big.”

“A huge thing indeed.” Night emperor began to repeat the story again and tell him about the Sacrificial tower.

“I’m in!”

He slapped the table, “How could I not go for such a chance? Even after exploring the many secret regions amidst life or death, we may not get such a treasure.”

“Good.” Night emperor was very excited. “I’m proficient in teleportation, Piercing tiger you are proficient in space lockdown and attack, and Yang is proficient in flying. With the three of us combined, and all of us having plant life forms…we can definitely get the treasure.”

“We’ll set the distribution of the treasure 2:1:1, how’s that?” Night emperor looked at the two, “We’ll all work together to get the treasure, I’ll have the portion of two while you both get one.”

Piercing tiger exchanged glances with Luo Feng.

After which, they both nodded at Night emperor.” Good.”

“Sweet.” Night emperor smiled too.

He was clear that these two were not ordinary people. Piercing tiger had strength on par with him, as for Yang…his flying ability was absolute, and they all had their own trump cards as well. Especially Yang…every time he saw him fly, he would get shocked. This movement was something he created himself, and it displayed his amazing talent on how he must be heavily nurtured by the race. If it was something taught by his teacher, it meant his background was terrifying too.


Chapter 832: Sacrificial Tower

“This is a talisman.” Night emperor flipped his hand and produced two triangular crystal like rocks with complex engravings on them. This was somewhat similar to the jadeite of earth.

“Once you send your spirit imprint in, you’ll become its master.” Night emperor said. “Only with this…can you enter the tower. Otherwise, you cant even get in.”

“These engravings are infused with the space laws and water laws. Wow, how mysterious.” Piercing Tiger emperor couldn’t help but say as he received the talismans and examined them. Luo Feng sent a thread of spirit energy in and immediately placed his spirit imprint, it fused right into his skin.

The spirit imprint was an imprint of the soul, a mark of life.

Piercing Tiger kept his too.

“Alright, let’s go.” Night emperor said.

Xiu!

The three warriors from the human camp instantly vanished from the cave and appeared deep underground over a trillion km away.

…

Deep underground.

Luo Feng could feel the space warp, and in the blink of an eye, he appeared within a dark cave underground.

“This is…” Luo Feng looked at the huge object stuck in the ground before them. As the mud had covered part of it, he could only see a few hundred meters ahead. The huge construct had a round entrance that was completely shut. Even after trillions of years, it was still perfectly undamaged.

“Babata, scan it.” Luo Feng said.

“I cannot detect it, and am only picking up the mud and stones within a 20km area.”

“Ah? Even the mini scanner cannot detect it?” Luo Feng was shocked. He had long heard that the towers were undetectable, and even a knight’s god energy couldn’t detect it. However only after trying did he fully feel its power.

“It’s right before me and yet my god energy cannot detect it.” Piercing Tiger’s voice was booming as it resounded about. “My god energy can only pick up the mud and rocks around, yet I can see it right before me.”

“This is the mysterious Sacrificial tower.”

Night emperor smiled, “Without being in front of it, even a knight cannot find it. This tower is the survival base the indigenous people used to flee in. Even though it is an important fleeing tool and yet it’s so mysterious.”

“Corpse!”

Luo Feng saw a corpse in the mud ahead. It was about 2.6 m tall, completely jade like, with 6 arms, bald and giving off terrifying energy. This was the energy of an undying, which was able to withstand trillions of years without any decay…naturally this was an undying.

“Quite some power, this undying energy has some pretty powerful god energy, he should be an emperor.” Piercing Tiger walked over and glanced at it.

“It is an emperor.” Night emperor looked at the body and smiled. “The tower was managed by six emperors when they were fleeing, they all had one talisman each.”

“From the looks of it, he didn’t suffer any pain when he died.”

Luo Feng carefully examined the body too.

This body had a sense of anxiety, his eyes were wide open, yet he just died like that. It was almost like he experienced a very sudden death.

“He died very quickly. An emperor is very hard to kill, yet when he died, his armor was completely undamaged. It’s obvious there wasn’t even a battle.” Night emperor said. “I think…a large group of knights from the four pinnacle races used their soul attacks and swept the entire main continent when they were forging the battlefield. Hence, all the life on the main continent…was completely annihilated, the six emperors were killed instantly too.”

Luo Feng nodded.

…

Night emperor, Piercing Tiger and Luo feng stood outside the entrance.

“We’ll wait patiently for the enemy to come.” Night emperor said. “They should be here soon.”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng and Piercing Tiger sat crossed legged there and waited.

After awhile!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Three figure appeared.

“Night emperor, you sure got here fast.” An ear piercing voice resounded. A 3 m tall completely black and gold scaled snake like creature with small eyes appeared. It’s silver white lips opened as it let out an ear piercing laughter. “Cackle…These are the two you’ve got to help you?”

“This brute must be Piercing Tiger emperor.”

“Hm, silver armor and wings…never seen before.” It glanced at Luo Feng.

“Let me introduce you.”

Night emperor’s gaze landed on the three warriors from the enemy camp, “I am…Night emperor!”

“I am Piercing Tiger emperor.” The powerful booming voice resounded from Piercing Tiger.

“I don’t have an emperor title yet, I’m called Yang.” Luo Feng looked at the three enemies.

There were three of them…

Luo Feng instantly recognized, that two of them were from the Qi Chang race, and another was from the renowned Gold Cang emperor of Yan ji main continent. He was well known, Luo Feng knew much about it. The other two however…Luo Feng didn’t know anything, as he hadn’t spent a lot of time on the main continent afterall.

Among the two Qi Chang warriors, one was close to 3m tall and the other was 1.6m.

“We’ve already introduced ourselves. Ice Blade, what about your side?” Night emperor roared.

“I’m called Ice Blade.” The 3m tall Qi Chang warrior laughed weirdly.

“Purple Clock emperor.” The 1.6m tall Qi Chang emperor, who seemed skinny spoke. But its voice was even more piercing.

“Gold Cang emperor.” This huge beast, which was as tall as Piercing Tiger and had thunder engravings on his face. He stood there and glowed with electricity, his energy…pressured against the human camp. Piercing Tiger however gave off his own terrifying energy, the space seemed to almost fall apart.

There were two camps.

One was the humans, and the other the automaton. Naturally on their side…none of them were automaton race.

“Now that we have introduced each other…” Ice Blade said, “Let’s go.”

“Go.” Night said too.

Gold Cang went along with Purple Clock and Ice Blade, while Luo Feng and Piercing Tiger went along with Night Emperor.

They all headed towards the entrance. It had been shut for a long time, however as Ice blade touched it, the seemingly solid and sturdy material became like a liquid and flowed, as Ice Blade walked in. Night emperor did the same. As for Luo Feng and the others, as this was the first time they entered, they were extremely cautious.

“How strange.”

As Luo Feng touched it, the entrance door automatically flowed away, making him feel as though he was passing through water.

…

The six emperor level strength warriors stood within the huge 1km wide pathway, with the entrance behind them.

“Getting the treasure won’t be easy.”

Luo Feng looked at the three enemies. “That Ice Blade is a high emperor, his threat level isn’t that huge. Gold Cang however is a well renowned warrior of the main continent…he should have the emperor limit strength.”

“Yang, Night, this is going to be troublesome.” Piercing Tiger communicated, “I didn’t expect to meet Gold Cang here.”

“Hmph.” Night looked at Luo Feng and Piercing Tiger, saying, “That Ice Blade is weaker than me, he knew that without getting someone stronger, he wouldn’t be able to get the treasure. According to the information I gathered, that Purple Clock…should be pinnacle emperor. And all of you already know Gold Cang, he is at Emperor limit.”

“Emperor limit!”

The three of them felt stressed.

An emperor was sorted according to his strength, normally from low, high and pinnacle!

A low emperor’s body normally reached around 10,000 sector lord’s strength.

A high emperor reached around 30,000 sector lord’s strength.

A pinnacle emperor however reached around 100,000 times the strength.

And 100,000 sector lord’s strength…it was a human emperor’s highest form. Without a miracle, it was impossible to breakthrough.

However, amongst the emperors, there were those with body amplification techniques, like the Golden horned beast had Deities of the world and Beast god transformation along with Strengthen, allowing its strength to amplify 20 times! True Yan had acquired the God general inheritance before. Naturally there were others that would have received them or had their own amplification techniques.

Body amplification was very hard!

Beast god transformation’s first level was only two times.

Deities of the world was very powerful, it was a combination of the beast’ swallow technique to amplify. Luo Feng’s earth body…he only had the Beast god amplification. Hence he could only amplify its strength by very little,

It was extremely rare to be able to amplify even three to five times.

As for the god inheritance…

They were too rare!

Even knights were fighting for these slots. The Hong Alliance’s large amount of warriors were all fighting for them too. To get one usually meant spending tens of billions of mixed elements and owing many favors. It wasn’t something normal emperors could afford.

…

Hence, emperors were normally sorted into low, high and pinnacle. Only very few had body amplification techniques and soul amplification techniques, or they created their own pinnacle techniques or had some miraculous encounters, allowing them to unleash emperor limit strength.

Above that!

With everything added together, only then can an emperor have the strength of a normal knight, like True Yan.

And Gold Cang belonged to that category!

“Emperor limit is just one level above us. Even though we are weaker, the difference isn’t too huge.” Night emperor said.

“Hm, leave Gold Cang to me.” Piercing Tiger’s eyes gleamed with fighting spirit.

Luo Feng looked at him.

Piercing Tiger was renowned for his strength and intrepid powers, he should be able to withstand Gold Cang.

“Actually we have an advantage within this tower, that’s Yang.” Night looked about. The circular pathway was huge, but it had countless ancient statues about that gave off law energies, “This tower is very mysterious. Its entire structure has god energy everywhere, almost like the space is on lockdown within! This is also the reason I cannot simply teleport into the tower.”

Teleportation was very powerful.

One could teleport straight into a ship from outside. If the Sacrificial tower was made from normal material, Night emperor could teleport into the center easily.

“With the space lockdown, Yang’s speed and dodging will become our greatest advantage. Plus Piercing Tiger and I are both emperor pinnacle. Even though that Gold Cang is emperor limit…we aren’t too different in levels.” Night said.

As they were discussing secretly.

The other group was doing the same.

After a few seconds.

“Let’s enter the core region.” Ice Blade said.

“Let’s go.” Night nodded.


Chapter 833: Ancient God Country

Even though they spoke in a friendly manner, both sides were extremely cautious. Since they needed to work together to enter the core area, hence they maintained the truce.

However the moment they entered the core…

With both sides from enemy camps, they would fight it out for the treasure!

“Hehe.” Purple Clock emperor gazed at Luo Feng’s group, his gaze was sharp like a blade.

Luo Feng looked over coldly too.

Both sides didn’t hide their hostility. No one was stupid, there was no need to hide it.

“Corpses.”

“So many.” Luo Feng and the others walked within the walkway. It was 1km wide and 3km tall, and was winding about the core. Even though the entire height of the tower was tens of thousands of km, the length of this walkway was at least hundreds of thousands of km.

They would occasionally pass halls along the way.

Bodies could be seen throughout.

“All of them are undying bodies, and the bone remains should be sector lord level. As for the domain lord and universe level…anything below, they’ve long decayed into nothing.” Luo Feng saw many bodies along the way. All these dead bodies experienced death at the hands of the four pinnacle races.

The knights of the four pinnacle races may not have discovered the Sacrificial towers.

However they at most hid the indigenous people, it couldn’t block against the soul attacks!

With a sweep of the entire continent!

Everyone died!

Even the emperors died instantly, much less the other undyings and the weaker residents.

“Yang.” Piercing Tiger communicated.

Luo Feng looked over.

“Have you noticed that all the bodies we’ve seen don’t have any space or world rings or even weapons?” He said.

“Haha…” Luo Feng naturally understood.

“Night emperor and Ice Blade definitely did a good cleanup. They both entered much earlier, other than the core area…they’ve swept the entire tower of everything else. Six emperors’ worth of treasures along with the large number of undyings about…Night emperor probably got a lot from it, it sure makes me itchy.”

“Night emperor, how’s the collection?” Piercing Tiger was straightforward as he asked.

“I only managed to get three emperor corpses, the indigenous people cannot compare to the humans or pinnacle races, and their emperors were much poorer than normal emperors.” He said directly.

“Still complaining about it.” Piercing Tiger replied.

…

They chatted mentally while walking. The two teams quickly reached the entrance of the core area.

“This entrance…” Luo Feng looked at the huge six edged star. The six edges were the pathways…each with diameters of 10 m. The pathways glowed with light within. It was almost like membranes surrounding each walkway, it gave off large amounts of terrifying energy.

“According to the information we gathered, the six of us have to head in from all six pathways. We will have to rush past the barriers and place the talismans in there. Only when they are placed in there together will the core area open, the treasure is within there.” Night emperor said.

“Right.” Ice Blade nodded, “Every pathway has many layers of barriers that normal officials cannot get through. It must be something the indigenous people used to stop their own later generations from rushing in.”

“Layers of barriers?”

The Qi Chang race purple clock emperor looked coldly at Ice Blade beside him. Snorting, he said “Ice Blade, are you playing with me? The energy these pathways are giving off isn’t weak at all. If it is a special attack, what will happen if we fall?”

“Don’t enter if you are afraid.” Piercing Tiger snorted coldly. “Coward.” Luo Feng egged him on.

“Ice Blade, the helpers you got sure are cowards.” Night emperor mocked.

The human side mocked them.

It made Gold Cang, Ice Blade and Purple Clock frown. Purple Clock shot a glance at the human camp and snorted coldly, not speaking again. However from their glances…it was obvious they argued mentally for awhile.

Luo Feng and the human side communicated secretly too.

“I’ve already tried several times, relax, I’ll lead the way in!” Night emperor said confidently.

“I have the Sha wu wings and general armor…the energy here can’t possibly kill me. What’s more… it’s only the earth body, if something happens, it’ll still be under control.” Luo Feng was extremely confident.

“Night emperor, we trust you.” Piercing Tiger trusted Night emperor too.

After awhile…

After both sides concluded their conversations, they arrived before the entrance. Since they were already here, how could they possibly retreat?

“Enter.”

“Enter.” Both teams said.

The human side followed a pathway while the other side entered through another.

six pathways…six warriors…

“This water screen is like membrane?” Luo Feng flapped his wings and covered himself, forcefully rushing in.

Chi!

The water membrane was passed through, as it’s force was unable to stop Luo Feng’s strength.

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi!

He flew past the many layers. Even though each layer was stronger than the previous one, his earth body had over 10,000 sector lord’s strength. Hence, he easily reached the end. There was a wall at the end with a triangular slot in the wall, this seemed to fit the talisman he received before.

Luo Feng floated the talisman and gently placed it in.

“Ding!” The talisman fit in and the engravings around the pathway all lit up, and the space quivered.

Ding! The same sound could be heard from the other pathways.

After awhile, all six pathways shook.

All the engravings within lit up brighter and brighter. This scene made Luo Feng and the others get nervous. Such treasures usually came with risks, how could one get rewards without any dangers? And everybody knew…that the dangers wouldn’t be too great. Hence, they dared to risk it, even so, no one was fully sure.

…

Within the core control room of the tower.

A 3D image floated there. Through this image, one was able to see every portion of the tower. Naturally when Luo Feng and the other just entered the tower, their image was captured as well.

“Other race invasion.”

“Other race invasion.”

A six arm automaton puppet made of alloy sat in the control room. This was a puppet that resembled the indigenous people, but it was a living AI. Over countless years of looking over the tower, it evolved into a living AI.

It has been countless years, since it discovered an invasion from another race.

Sou! It immediately stood up and stepped through the water membrane beside.

This membrane was the pathway to a god country.

Just like the fixed pathway built within the Black Dragon Mountain empire country, the fixed pathway had a relation to the distance. The further apart the two spaces were, the more resources it took to maintain the pathway. However, the closer it was, the easier it was to maintain it.

Even the undying of the Black Dragon Mountain empire could maintain it, this pathway within the Sacrificial tower…was a very simple thing to create and maintain.

The AI appeared within a vast mountain range before a majestic palace. Gazing down from above…he could see the blur of living quarters, countless Yan Ji indigenous residents stayed within this god country and survived.

“Sou!” A gold robed six arm silhouette appeared, it was an indigenous clansman.

“Master.” The AI said respectfully.

“Aren’t you in the tower, why have you come here?” The gold robed warrior said.

“Master, the tower has been invaded by other race warriors.” The AI replied.

“Invaded?”

His eyes immediately gleamed like two lasers, causing the space around to crackle. After which he laughed loudly, “Sacrificial tower, our race’s Sacrificial tower! How long…how long has it been. We’ve been hiding since forever, secretly surviving…fleeing the moment we got discovered, and struggling at death’s door!!!”

“Haha…”

“We’ve finally been invaded! There are finally intruders!” The warrior laughed loudly.

“Emperors, all gather here. Third brother, bring them here.” The warrior instantly boomed throughout the god country.

In a breath’s time.

Eleven silhouettes appeared before him. These warriors all had six arms, rock like skin and were bald. They were all obviously from the same race. And the energies they gave off were incredibly powerful…they were all emperor level.

“God master.”

“God master.” The eleven emperors all looked curiously at the gold robed warrior.

“Why have you summoned us?”

“The Sacrificial tower we took back then, it’s finally been invaded by other race warriors.” The warrior said.

“Ah.”

The eleven emperors all shook with excitement, half of them breaking out with glee and tears.

“How many years, how many years has it been since our race faced extinction…and the knights were made targets by the four pinnacle races. We formed groups of tens of thousands and fled, every team taking the race’s inheritance and treasures, hoping to rise again. However the four pinnacle races were too fast. Only very few of our teams actually got away. Our team’s six guides were leading the people in when the attack came!” An emperor was filled with tears, his entire body shaking. “We undyings were safe within the core region. Luckily our third small brother was smart. In case of emergency, he left markers about and we teleported via god country here to his god country.”

“Who knew…that when we returned to the tower.”

“Everyone there was already dead.”

“The six guides all died outside. Without the six talismans…we couldn’t access the treasures within. Without the items and treasures, even though we have countless people here in the god country, it was hard to nurture warriors.”

“No talismans!”

“The core area was completely shut. Even if we teleported into the core region via god country, we couldn’t leave it.”

“We didn’t dare return to Yan Ji main continent.”

“Didn’t dare.”

“We didn’t dare gamble. The moment we were discovered, the four pinnacle races would rush over to kill us, and we would face complete extinction.”

“It’s been too long.”

This emperor with shaggy skin had tears streaming down his face, but his eyes gleamed with madness. “Finally, there are finally invaders from other races, they will bring the talismans…and we can finally get them and get our treasure.”

“Finally, the chance has come.” The gold robed warriors said seriously.

The other emperors all had madness in their eyes.


Chapter 834: The Arrangement

In the ancient era, a huge tragedy fell on the indigenous people of Yan Ji main continent. Back then they were all normal people of the universe, and they didn’t even have 10 knights in their race. Against the might of the four pinnacle races forging the battlefield, they were like ants.

The knights knew that they were the main targets, naturally their chances of fleeing were low.

Hence they swiftly distributed their treasures to their people. It was originally distributed to 100 little teams with 9,900 other little teams that acted as decoys. The 10,000 towers had different levels too. These 9,900 teams were used as cannon fodder against the four pinnacle races…using the special energy of the Sacrificial towers to hide the rest from scanners and space ripples etc.

It’s material itself was however just average.

Actually…

The 100 inheritance teams had many differences from the 9,900 little teams.

The inheritance teams had six emperors each. But the 9,900 normal teams only had six officials in total!

The treasures within were different too.

The 9,900 teams had little treasures.

The inheritance teams…they were truly treasure troves, they were meant to truly succeed the race eventually.

And obviously…

The tower Luo Feng and the others entered had six emperor guides, and it was one of the 100 inheritance towers!

On the mountain peak, the mad winds howled.

The twelve emperors of the survivors exchanged glances, as their eyes were burning with madness.

“Let’s go to the tower.” The gold robed warrior said.

“Hm.” The eleven of them nodded.

The twelve emperors swiftly went through the water membrane…

…

Within the control room of the tower.

The leading gold robed warrior and the other emperors gathered within, and the AI appeared right after.

“Master, look.” The AI pointed at the 3d image, “This shows the entire tower, they are following the pathway now.”

“Six individuals.”

The gold robed warrior stared hard at the six individuals who were clearly projected. Whether it was the gold eyes winged Night emperor, Ice Blade, Gold Cang emperor, Silver winged Luo Feng… they were all clearly shown.

“There are humans and some weak races.” The warrior said.

“Completely simulate their energies.” A fat emperor standing beside ordered.

Immediately, the six silhouettes were displayed as their original heights and sizes along with their energies.

With the tower’s simulation, at least 10% of their energies was emulated. The surviving warriors all looked on, the fat emperor saying softly, “These six…should all be emperor pinnacle, with special items, they may be even stronger.”

“What.”

“Third brother!”

“Elder!”

The other warriors looked at him. This third brother was the cautious undying back then, teleporting them into his god country. Including the others that were originally in there…that was the only way to keep his people alive. He was the strongest amongst the group, and he hardly ever meddled in affairs. The person usually managing everything was the gold robed warrior.

“Third brother, are you sure?” The gold robed warrior looked at him.

“Yes, I, Qiu Chi Ka, will never be wrong.” The fat warrior smiled. “And the six of them…should be from two different camps. Even though they are moving together, they are enemies, we still have a chance.”

“Ah.”

“Enemies?”

The gold robed warrior and the others continued to observe, swiftly discovering the little traits that allowed them to discern…that the six of them were from two different camps.

“This is our chance.” Qiu Chi Ka said, “However, the weak will be useless in this fight.”

“Elder.”

“Third brother.”

It immediately made some of the low emperors shout out.

“Pu Ai is pinnacle emperor, while La Di Mo and Men Bu are high emperor. The three of them including me will make it four. Big brother, you and the other eight should return to the god country.” He made the decision. “You won’t be of much help, and this fight will be very dangerous. We are unlike the other races with powerful techniques. When we lost our inheritance, we lost a lot of our techniques. The eight of you will still have to lead our race.”

“Go back for the future of our race.” He gazed at them.

The eight low emperors were reluctant.

“Yes.”

“Yes elder.”

“For the race.”

They finally all followed the elder’s orders.

“Elder, god master, you all have to come back.”

“You have to survive.”

The eight emperors were worried.

“Relax, we will send our true inheritance back to the race.” Qiu Chi Ka waved, “Go on.”

The eight of them turned around and left via the water membrane.

Only the four strongest and the AI were left in the control room. The indigenous people of Yan Ji continent used to live in their tribes. The main head of the tribe was the god master, while the strongest was the elder. The elder was in charge of leading the tribe while the god master managed it.

Four warriors.

The elder Qiu Chi Ka, god master Pu Ai, La Di Mo and Men Bu. Two pinnacle emperors and two high emperors.

“The enemy will reach the core area soon.” The elder pointed at the projection. “The core area has the treasures, everybody knows that it’s divided into two treasure rooms and one inheritance room.”

“The two treasure rooms have all sorts of expensive materials, weapons and mysterious items.”

“The inheritance room is our race’s countless years of accumulation of techniques. With them, we will be able to pass on our techniques to the later generations to produce more warriors.” He said. “Our race’s twelve emperors…all of them came from the disaster era, and none were produced after. This was mainly due to the lack of techniques to nurture the later generation. After all, the techniques we know…are only a small fraction of the race’s entire collection.”

“Our first goal!”

“To get the inheritance room, and teleport it to the god country.” Qiu Chi Ka said, pointing at the two rooms that were being projected. “These two treasure rooms, one has to be opened by our race people, but we got the treasure within long time ago. The other room however requires one of our race people with a talisman to open.”

“Two rooms, one with less treasure than the other.”

“According to what I know, the second room has tens of times more treasure than the first!” He said, “The second goal is to open this second treasure room.”

“Hm.”

The other three nodded.

The three rooms all had different levels of difficulty in opening. Opening the room with the least amount of treasure was something they already knew about. As for the other two, one held treasures while the other held techniques.

“Even though the treasure is valuable, the techniques are more important to the race.”

“Hence we have to first use all our strength to get the inheritance room.” He ordered. “Don’t get tempted by the treasure. They may be useful to you but they have little benefits for nurturing our later generations. Everything…for the race!”

“Understood elder.” Men Bu and La Di Mo nodded.

“Understood third brother.” The gold robed Pu Ai nodded as well.

“Alright.” Qiu Chi Ka nodded. “We have a good chance of getting both the treasure rooms and the inheritance rooms. Afterall they have to be activated by our people.”

The others nodded.

“Naturally we cannot fight it out with them. The moment we show ourselves, they will team up against us.” He pointed at the first treasure room, the one they had opened in the past. “This first room…is the place where I’ve planned for them to fight it out.”

“Elder, but we’ve emptied this room.” Men bu said curiously.

“We just have to put some things in.” He smiled. “The treasure case we got back then is still with me, it’s just a box, only its material is valuable. I’ll put the three cases that we got in the past in there, the cases will simply be empty. When they discover the cases and are unable to scan it with their god energy, along with some message from the deceased elders…”

“Right, right.”

“It would be strange for them not to fight.”

“They would definitely think we were all dead and there was no other life in the tower.”

Qiu Chi Ka nodded, “It’s not that we are smart, it’s just that they would never expect for us to have survived. Remember…they don’t know we are here, and that’s our greatest advantage. Until the final moment, we cannot reveal ourselves. We should go arrange the first treasure room now.”

He swiftly left the control room and began his plan.

He returned after awhile.

Within the control room, The four warriors looked at everything happening.

“Six talismans.”

“They have it, the core has been activated.”

“We have to find a way to get at least one of them. Only that way can we activate the inheritance room and the second treasure room.”

…

Ge ge ge…

The six pathways shook simultaneously. After revolving for awhile, pathways opened at each end.

Their paths were all clear.

“Core area.” Luo Feng carefully covered himself with the Sha Wu wings and entered, finally stepping through the pathway and landing on the ground.

It was a vast hall.

Gold Cang, Purple Clock and Night emperor were already standing there.

“Yang.”

“Yang.”

Piercing Tiger landed too. The two of them exchanged glances and walked to Night. Ice Blade, Gold Cang and Purple Clock stood together as well.

“Be careful, we are already in the core region. Even though we had to rely on all six to enter here, now that there’s no more need to co-operate…a battle can occur at any time.” Night communicated to his group. “Yang, especially you. Your undying body is weakest here, that Gold Cang is extremely strong, he may target you first.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

The distant Gold Cang, Ice Blade and Purple Clock instantly became three beams of light and split into two. Gold Cang flew one way alone while the other two took another path, it was obvious they were trying to get to the treasure faster.


Chapter 835: Treasure Room

Gold Cang, Ice Blade and Purple Clock shot out in two different paths, looking along the pathways.

“Gold Cang is the fastest and strongest, I’ll follow him.” Night communicated, “Piercing Tiger, you and Yang head in the other pathway. We cannot let the other two get the treasure.”

“Understood.”

“They must be dreaming if they think they can get the treasure.” Piercing Tiger mocked. The two of them became beams of light and chased after them, while Night chased after Gold Cang.

Two teams in different pathways!

As the entire tower was covered in complex engravings, it made it so that teleportation couldn’t be used within. Hence the two teams could only rely on flying, and at this time, Luo Feng’s strength could be unleashed, his silver wings flapped…

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Warping about the pathway, he swiftly accelerated. Piercing Tiger couldn’t even keep up.

“Yang, go slow him down first.” Piercing Tiger knew that he couldn’t keep up with Luo Feng. Afterall Luo Feng wasn’t as strong as him, but that wasn’t the reason he was invited anyway.

“Relax, leave it to me.”

Luo Feng got faster and faster.

These were internal pathways within the tower, and with the core area only stretching several hundreds of thousands of km, wrapping around the tower. It was narrow at certain parts, and the directions kept changing as well. There were spots where one had to completely turn 180 degrees just to follow the path. Luo Feng had to slow down rapidly and stop before turning.

In such a pathway…

Having to slow down immediately after accelerating, they had to do this over and over every few km. An emperor could easily accelerate and speed up, however to stop and start like this, it was tedious. Just like several bending pathways on earth, no matter how good a car one had, he couldn’t accelerate and could only decelerate during a turn.

To these warriors travelling close to light speed, bending every few km or hundred km, it was a torture.

“The longest stretch is only a few hundred km. I still have to slow down almost immediately, I cannot go fast at all, only maintaining low speeds for turning.” Gold Cang roared, and his eyes were filled with rage.

“Haha, Gold Cang, your speed is shocking. However in such a place, you cannot go fast at all. However, I as a Na Yi human with wings, I’m good at direction changes. Haha.” Night emperor caught up from behind.

“Hmph!”

Gold Cang snorted and turned to look at Night emperor.

Rumble!

A thick bolt of lightning shot out from Gold Cang’s eyes, the bolt dispersed immediately after shooting out. It seemed almost like countless lightning snakes, forming a huge net that shot at Night emperor who was behind him. The pathway was only that huge, the net completely covered the pathway.

Rumble. Night emperor’s eyes flashed coldly, he became a beam of white light and forcefully broke through the net. However, it did affect his speed.

“You want to surpass me? Haha, Night emperor, you keep on dreaming. I will always be ahead of you. As long as there is treasure, I will definitely be the first to get it.” Gold Cang mocked as he turned and flew, occasionally shooting out more nets at Night emperor behind. Night emperor could only helplessly grit his teeth.

…

As the two of them fought on, at the other pathway.

Luo Feng was different, he naturally warped around. Since, all the other warriors couldn’t reach their max speeds, naturally Luo Feng couldn’t do so either. However he was proficient in changing directions, and this was a huge advantage for him. He easily reached close to ten times the speeds of Purple Clock and Ice Blade.

Ten times, how fast was that?

He instantly caught up.

“You wish to flee?” Luo Feng gazed at the two Qi Chang silhouettes ahead. It was the two emperors.

“He’s caught up.” Purple Clock turned and got a shock when he saw Luo Feng. “This Yang is extremely fast.”

“No problem, his strength is the weakest of the three. He should only be proficient in flying in such confined spaces.” Ice Blade said confidently. “Purple Clock, we’ll rely on your ability.”

“My one attack will knock him back.” He said confidently.

Luo Feng was too fast.

He rushed straight beside them and was trying to get ahead!

“Howl…” Purple Clock opened his mouth and the ripples from his peculiar howl rushed into Luo Feng.

The silver armor diffused the ripples of the attack, and the remainder of it hitting the cloud contact armor within. This completely blocked off the attack.

Even though it was blocked, Luo Feng’s speed was still affected.

“Hmph.”

He flapped his silver wings fiercely and unleashed strike travel.

Hua! He became a beam of silver light and shot through in between the two emperors. He was so fast, that they had no time to react.

“Quick, stop him.” Ice Blade said. “Purple Clock, you are most adept at stopping!”

“Bastard.”

He gritted his teeth and howled again, immediately visible ripples formed a huge clock in the air. It flew extremely quickly. The speed of the attack naturally exceeded Luo Feng’s flying speed. It trapped Luo Feng before shaking violently. “Weng…” It exploded as Luo Feng diffused the attack.

“Damn.” Luo Feng shook his body as his speed decreased.

“Human, don’t think about getting the treasure! It’s mine!” Purple Clock howled.

“Up!”

Luo Feng shook his wings, the Sha Wu wings were indeed incredible.

Even though he was affected by the attack, with a shake, he once again shot forward. The other two emperors had no way to keep up at all.

“Now I know why Night emperor got him in. This human’s flying is too peculiar, and his instantaneous speed is shocking. Even in such a pathway he can still go that fast.”Ice Blade said.

“Purple Clock, with your little abilities! Haha…keep dreaming about the treasure.” Luo Feng said.

He turned sharply at the turns in the pathways and continued.

Purple Clock soon lost sight of Luo Feng, and was even unable to attack him.

“Bastard.”

“Chase.”

The two gritted their teeth and chased.

…

Within the control room, the four indigenous warriors looked at the two chase scenes.

“They sure are incredible.”

“The more intense the battle the better. In fact, it’s best if they killed each other.” Qiu Chi Ka said coldly as he looked at the projection. “These other races…back then the four pinnacle races forged the battlefields, destroying our home and taking it from us. In the future…we will definitely let them taste the destruction of their race!!!”

“Let them taste the destruction of their race!”

The four emperors gritted their teeth, as hatred was boiling within.

They were still very clear, that this was only a dream for the moment and that they had no way to fulfill it now. Even if their race was completely present, and was countless times stronger than before…a pinnacle race would still easily crush them.

After hunting large amounts of prey, the prey would naturally want revenge.

However if a hunter feared the prey, he wouldn’t be a hunter.

The weak are prey to the strong!

The universe had many resources and trillions of races. Which race got more resources…would depend on who was stronger! It was simple as that.

“Two pathways, the four warriors’ pathway…is closest to the first treasure room. That silver winged human is the fastest, he’s already reaching the room.” Qiu chi Ka said softly.

…

Luo Feng followed the pathway and swiftly examined the large rooms along the way. He could see that they were all empty, completely empty.

“Hm?” He saw a room with an entrance size of 100m, and it was half open.

In it lay an undying body.

“This is a corpse of an indigenous person, he should have fallen from the spirit attack too.” Luo Feng slowed down and got more cautious as he approached the different areas.

Glancing in.

There was a translucent platform within and before it lay the body. Luo Feng could sense from the energy that it was a fallen undying. There were three normal book sized silver cases on there too, and his eyes gleamed.

Sou!

He flapped his wings and became an arc, rushing into the room.

The room had an area of 100m. Luo Feng gazed about and ignored the body, as his attention fixed on the 10m wide and long platform, it had a blur of words on it. The language was within humanity’s trove of languages.

“Words from the Indigenous people of Yan Ji main continent.” Luo Feng had long learnt all the languages.

With his level of consciousness, he could easily learn and use an entire language in a few seconds.

“This is…” Luo Feng read and immediately understood.

The words said.

Our race is facing extinction. Each of these three cases contain a world ring that holds large amount of treasures to be used for our race to rise up again. The cases’ sensors have to be activated by our own people to work, and no other race can activate it.

“What exquisite construction. A G9 metal infused with engravings?” Luo Feng looked at the engravings on each case. “I probably need knight level strength to forcefully break it open. Just the construct alone, should be worth over a billion mixed elements. As to opening it…”

“Who cares, I’ll settle it next time.”

He smiled and instantly kept the three cases.

“Leave the treasure!” Ice Blade rushed in from outside, gritting his teeth and roaring.

“The treasure is mine!” Purple Clock’s eyes were filled with madness.

Even though they didn’t see any cases, they saw Luo Feng standing within. It was highly unlikely of him to stop while searching for treasure. Hence there must have been something that made him stop here.

“Gold Cang! Yang got the treasure!” Ice Blade roared.

His undying energy spread out and the howl immediately resounded about. Its speed was shocking, and the pathway Gold Cang picked… did have a meeting point with the one Luo Feng picked.

“Treasure?” Gold Cang’s eyes gleamed.

“Yang got the treasure?” Night emperor was happy.

Sou! Sou!

The two of them immediately followed the direction of the howl and swiftly flew.


Chapter 836: Fight!

Within the control room, Qiu Chi Ka and the other warriors watched the scene nervously.

“Go and die, it’s best they fight and killed each other.” The God master Pu Air said, staring hard at the projection.

“Watch carefully, observe what moves they have.” Qiu Chi Ka emphasized. “Even though we are all emperor level, because we’ve been hiding for so long, we haven’t truly fought with other emperors. And these invaders have been fighting for so long…we have to observe and gain experience by knowing their trump cards. We need to acquire the inheritance and treasure room. Just relying on plans wont be enough, we have to rely on strength.”

“Yes elder.”

“Hm.”

The other three nodded.

They were already prepared to fight to the death. This battle would determine the growth of their entire race.

Within the first treasure room.

Luo Feng kept the three cases he just got. Ice Blade and Purple Clock rushed in madly.

“This is part of an entire race’s treasure, it’s definitely worth much more than normal emperors.” Purple Clock communicated, “Ice Blade, even if we have to burn part of our undying bodies, we have to get the treasure!”

“I know.” Ice Blade’s eyes were like little venomous snake eyes.

Among the two of them, Ice Blade was huge while Purple clock was small and skinny. In terms of strength, Purple Clock was pinnacle emperor while Ice Blade was only high emperor.

While the two of them communicated, their speed didn’t slow down at all, as they rushed into the room.

“Hm?” Luo Feng turned to look at the two Qi Chang warriors rush in.

“Hmph.”

Luo Feng flipped his hand and a blood shadow blade appeared. At the same time, the silver wings on his back began to flap.

“Cloud contact vine, help stop them.” Luo Feng ordered.

Thin vines sprouted out from his arms. As they shot out, they began to swell rapidly, splitting into large amounts of vines and leaves, rushing like a tsunami at the two emperors.

Even though the cloud contact vine was only pinnacle official level, in terms of sturdiness and regeneration strength, its strength was akin to a low emperor human. Maybe the difference compared to a pinnacle Purple Clock and high Ice Blade was still huge, however simply slowing down and stopping…was something it could still do easily.

“Blood cloud!” Purple cloud howled.

Hua!

Two bloody flowers shot out from his waist portion, extending and swiftly swelling. The huge flowers were like the ceiling itself, blocking the large number of vines. The vines tried to extend through the flowers, however the edges of the flowers were filled with sharp thorns. They began to madly bite at the cloud contact vine. In terms of attacking, the cloud contact vine was obviously weaker, it madly wrapped around its enemy.

The two fought on, and were evenly matched.

“It’s rare for normal undyings and even officials to have a plant life form. It’s only common amongst emperors. However they normally only manage to grow them to pinnacle general level or low official.” Luo Feng frowned at the scene, “I didn’t expect Purple Clock to have a pinnacle official Blood demon flower.”

“Don’t think of escaping.” Purple Clock twisted his ugly face into a malevolent smile.

“Hmph” Luo Feng flapped and became a blur beam of light, wanting to escape through the 100m wide entrance. It was troublesome to be trapped in this small room. The moment he got out however, it would be much easier.

“Cackle…” an ear piercing laughter resounded as a huge blade slashed at Luo Feng.

“Break!”

A glaring silver light tore through the space like a stream, dispersing the huge blade slash, causing the space around to break apart like glass. However, it quickly recovered. Luo Feng’s speed was affected even though he dispersed the enemy attack. At this time, a voice resounded from behind. “Yang, I’m here to help you!”

“Piercing Tiger!” Luo Feng was happy within.

It was indeed hard for him to escape from the room. But, with Piercing Tiger here, he naturally could fight it out or find a chance to escape.

“Ah!”

“Piercing Tiger!” An ear piercing howl resounded from the room. The small and skinny Purple Clock turned, and his expression was malevolent. Three fiery clocks appeared before him, each causing the space to crumble about it. After which they all flew towards Piercing Tiger wielding two huge axes.

“Hahaha…” Piercing Tiger laughed madly.

“Split!!!”

He used his left axe to protect himself, as his right axe slashed downwards. This slash…caused the land and skies to split apart. The terrifying force caused the space around to go into disarray. Purple Clock gritted his teeth and used his fire clocks to block the axe slashing at the Blood demon flower.

Rumble…The axe clashed with the clocks.

The force of the clash caused the engravings about the tower to flash, later on they took the brunt of the attack, leaving the tower undamaged.

“Ice Blade, you and Blood cloud attack the human together! I’ll stop Piercing Tiger!” Purple Clock howled. “Wait, once Gold Cang comes, we’ll win for sure. We don’t need to defeat them, just block the entrance and not let them out, we’ll definitely win!”

“Leave it to me.” Ice Blade howled.

…

Purple clock and Piercing Tiger fought outside the entrance, while Luo Feng and Ice Blade fought within. Luo Feng rushed over and over. Even though he could suppress Ice Blade, with Ice Blade bravely stopping him, along with the Blood demon flower’s help… Luo Feng couldn’t escape.

“Gold Cang!” Purple Clock who was getting fatigued saw a beam of lightning shooting over, and was extremely happy.

That lightning bolt was Gold Cang!

He flashed!

Gold Cang had arrived!

“Get out of the way!” He howled. It resounded directly within Piercing Tiger’s mind. The formless soul attack was like a powerful bolt, attacking madly within his mind destroying the spirit imprints within his undying body. Even though Gold Cang was proficient in body amplification, not soul.

His soul attacks were still quite powerful.

“Ah…” Piercing Tiger felt his soul shake as he stammered.

Rumble!

Gold Cang’s huge foot violently smashed into Piercing Tiger’s head, crushing him in. Piercing Tiger was knocked hard into a distant wall. The walls shook a little, and the engravings flashed.

“Make way.” Gold Cang communicated.

“Understood.” Purple Clock communicated via soul directly to the Blood demon flower, “Blood cloud, let Gold Cang through.”

Hua!

The entrance which was heavily clogged with the flower swiftly formed a pathway and Gold Cang rushed in.

…

Within the room.

The blood demon flower and the cloud contact vine had both almost taken up the entire room, causing it to become a world of plants and flowers.

“Human!” Gold Cang rushed in straight at Luo Feng.

“Die!!!”

A long ancient thunder pike appeared in Gold Cang’s hands. It flashed as Gold Cang roared, and his body shrank by one size. However, gold light surrounded his entire body, was almost like a gold metal.

This scene terrified Luo Feng, “Body amplification technique!”

Body amplification techniques would cause changes to the body, Gold Cang had unleashed his move.

Xiu!

Gold Cang roared and waved his pike, and all the power was concentrated at the tip. Within the small confined space, it moved at close to light speed. Luo Feng had no time to dodge, he could only wrap his body in his wings as Gold Cang unleashed his technique, using the wings to protect himself.

Chi!” The thunder pike clashed with his wings.

Luo Feng was knocked backwards, as the thunder pike continued on hit the wall. Accurately speaking the pike didn’t pierce through the wings, however the force was strong enough to stick Luo Feng against the wall.

“What.” Gold Cang was extremely shocked, “I didn’t destroy his body?”

Even though he knew it was extremely hard to kill an emperor, this human Yang was only high emperor. With his full strength, even if he didn’t kill him, he should have destroyed his body.

“Yang! I’ll stop Gold Cang!” Night emperor rushed over in a blur.

Piercing Tiger was fighting with Purple clock.

“Night emperor!!!”

Gold Cang turned, his eyes flashing and raging at Night emperor. Even though Luo Feng had blocked his attack, Gold Cang was still clear that he biggest threat in the human team was Night emperor, followed by Piercing Tiger. They were both pinnacle emperors afterall.

The smallest threat was Yang.

“Ice Blade, stop Piercing Tiger.” Gold Cang immediately ordered. “Purple Clock, even if you have to burn your undying body, we have to get the treasure. Leave Night to me!”

“Ok.” Purple Clock gritted his teeth and instantly rushed into the room.

Ice Blade rushed to block Piercing Tiger.

As for Gold Cang…

He waved one hand, the thunder pike landed in his hand as his cold gaze landed on Night emperor. His body glowed with green light with the body amplification technique, the formless pressure he gave off…made Night emperor shudder, he had to be careful.

“Burn my undying body to get the treasure?” Purple Clock gritted his teeth, as his eyes were filled with madness.

Luo Feng wielded his blood shadow blade…looking at Purple Clock.

At this critical point of the battle, burning one’s undying body was the solution.

“Looks like, to get the treasure, everyone will have to burn their undying bodies.” Luo Feng thought. “But…I don’t have an undying body.”

“Hand the treasure over! Or…die!”

Purple Clock’s eyes were filled with madness.

Rumble!

Three fire clocks revolved. They were almost like small stars burning intensely and rushing at Luo Feng.


Chapter 837: Going all out

Three fire clocks burned the space about into stream particles. They revolved and formed a huge fireball which rushed towards Luo Feng, even controlling the space around and forcing Luo Feng into a corner, making it difficult for him to even move. The incredibly hot fireball rushed over…

“Hmph, controlling space?” Luo Feng flapped his wings and the wings easily tore through the suppressed space, unleashing strike travel.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

He Left behind three visible warps, making the fire clocks hit nothing but the wall, causing the engravings to once again shine and leave the walls undamaged again.

“What terrifying speed!” Purple clock’s eyes were filled with shock and rage. Even though he knew that this human was proficient in speed, to dodge in such a confined space…left him baffled.

A spirit weapon attack was actually dodged?

Of course, the combined attack of his three fire clocks became much slower together. However, at such close distance, even normal emperors wouldn’t have been able to dodge at all.

“Purple clock, don’t waste time!” Gold Cang roared within.

“Bastard, leaving me the troublesome one to deal with.”

He cursed within, after which his eyes gleamed as he looked at Luo Feng, roaring, “Human, go and die.”

“Howl…”

Purple clock raged as terrifying undying energy erupted from within his body, causing Gold Cang and Night emperor to change their expressions. “Burning his undying body?”

“Good!” Ice Blade’s eyes gleamed as he engaged Piercing Tiger.

“Haha…” Gold Cang couldn’t help but laugh.

“Burning his undying body? Yang is going to be in trouble!” Piercing Tiger was shocked. “Yang, be careful!”

…

It wasn’t just them who noticed what happened. In the core of the control room, the group of indigenous warriors held their breaths and watched as well. They then muttered, “Die, die, hurry and die.” In their eyes, these invaders were better off killing each other.

Within the treasure room.

Purple Clock burned his undying body and his energy grew even stronger than Gold Cang’s.

“Break!!!”

He looked coldly at Luo Feng, putting part of his burning undying energy into the three fire clocks, making them form three fireballs. Even though they seemed like normal fireballs…every one of them was much more terrifying than a star. They could easily pierce through a star like an iron needle through tofu.

Luo Feng could currently treat stars as playthings. However against these three fireballs…he could only rely on his wings and the general armor to defend him.

They were lightning fast, forming together and attacking. Luo Feng knew…

“I cannot dodge, I can only defend!”

As the three clocks had to revolve to form one fireball before, it was much slower. This time they rushed together! And infused with burning undying energy…their power was over 1,000 times stronger! How fast was it?

Luo Feng could only hide behind his wings and cover himself.

Rumble!

Rumble!

Rumble!

The first clock hit Luo Feng’s wings and knocked him back into the wall, the terrifying force caused the entire room to shake. The engravings madly shining as the tower began to shake. It was using it’s entire construct to diffuse the attack.

The second clock hit! And then the third clock!

Luo Feng was pinned against the wall!

“Rumble…” Te space around the room instantly crumbled into stream particles. Amidst the mad explosions, the engravings shined madly, trying to diffuse the attack. Gradually…the space recovered and peace followed.

“This…” Ice Blade stared wide eyed, his ugly face was warped.

“Wa!” Piercing Tiger opened his mouth wide.

Night emperor couldn’t even speak, his eyes filled with surprise and joy.

“How can this be…” Gold Cang stopped his attack against Night and stared at the scene.

“I, I, I…” Purple Clock’s expression was complex, shocked and in disbelief.

Against the wall of the room.

Luo Feng gradually slid down and stood back up, smiling at Purple Clock before him.

“I actually didn’t destroy him? I burned 3% of my body and he didn’t explode?” He was stunned. Burning the undying body was akin to burning one’s soul. If he burned 50% of his undying body, that would mean losing half his soul, and his strength wouldn’t even be 10% of what it was before!

And burning too much would cause one to lose too much of his soul, and would be unable to maintain a complete consciousness, falling into slumber.

A god’s slumber…he would gradually recover his soul in that state. This process took an extremely long time, pass trillions of years, or maybe never even waking up.

Hence normally they would only burn 5% of their bodies! Recovering this much wasn’t too hard.

Imbuing the attack with that much energy, like how he did with his three fire clocks…3% of his undying energy was enough, unless one truly simply decided to self destruct. Self destruction had an absolute power and superior advantage, and it would reduce their enemies to nothing!

Purple Clock thought…

Burning 3% of his undying body would at least destroy 10-20% of his opponent’s undying body, that was normal.

However…

Luo Feng’s wings weren’t even scratched!!!

“Good!” Piercing Tiger roared excitedly.

“Yang, your survival ability sure is incredibly. Do you have a pinnacle emperor plant protecting you? Or pinnacle emperor metal life form?” Night communicated surprised, as those were the highest probabilities.

The plant and metal life forms naturally have advantages in their physical states.

If one had a pinnacle plant life form…its body will far exceed an emperor pinnacle human. Also, its regenerative abilities could definitely withstand that attack.

“Haha…” Luo Feng laughed.

Night and Piercing Tiger didn’t ask more.

Who didn’t have their own trump cards?

Yang’s trump cards were probably related to survival and fleeing, only it was at a simply absurd level.

“Haha, the treasure is ours.” Night emperor communicated excitedly. “Hurry and escape from the room, we will escape later on! After we get out, we will teleport and distribute the treasure.”

“Right, let’s go.” Piercing tiger said too.

…

The battle scene had changed.

Before, Gold Cang, Purple Clock and Ice Blade had the advantage, they had planned for Purple Clock to destroy Luo Feng’s body. Once it was destroyed, his weapons and world ring and so on will be thrown around. Naturally they could take the chance to get the world ring at that time. The world ring…was after all just a storage world.

They would have their own ways to get the treasure within. However now…

“Gold Cang, I cannot deal with him.” Purple Clock communicated.

“Gold Cang, what do we do?” Ice Blade said nervously.

“I didn’t expect this little human who seemed the weakest to have such a move. He definitely has treasures that aren’t proficient in attack or some metal or plant life form.” Gold Cang’s eyes raged. “Purple Clock, Ice Blade, you two are useless, completely useless. I’ll have to go all out now!”

The two seemed enraged.

“When we get the treasure, I get 70%. Purple Clock you get 20% and Ice Blade you only get 10%!” Gold Cang communicated. “Otherwise I lose too much.”

“Ok.”

“No problem.”

Ice Blade and Purple Clock weren’t stupid, they knew that with Yang’s defense, only Gold Cang could actually destroy his body while burning his undying body. The cost of this emperor limit burning his undying body, just how high was that? Getting 70% was indeed natural.

“Then watch me!” Gold Cang’s eyes gleamed with lightning flashing within.

It may seem slow, but in truth after Purple Clock’s attack against Luo Feng failed, only a few seconds had passed before Gold Cang went all out!

“Ya!”

Green light began to shine from Gold Cang’s entire body!

Rumble!

Terrifying energy filled the room. It shook the walls and the engravings flashed. This scene made Luo Feng, Night, Ice Blade and the others all shocked.

“Not good, Gold Cang is going all out.”

“He’s burning his undying body.”

“Flee!”

Everybody, including Luo Feng was shocked.

Gold Cang was a emperor limit warrior. With his body amplification technique, he could unleash up to a million sector lords’ strength. If he self destructed, it would be even more terrifying than Luo Feng’s million king bug army combined attack! Even if it was only burning a small part of his undying body…it was incredibly terrifying!

However once one reaches his level, the cost of burning any bit of the undying body was huge. Unless one was forced into a corner, they would never do so.

“Flee!”

“Flee!”

“Flee!” Luo Feng and the others panicked, as no one dared to take on Gold Cang in this state.

“Howl…” Gold Cang let out a roar, easily reaching the closest Night emperor beside.

“So fast!” Night couldn’t even dodge.

Rumble!

A lightning infused large palm smacked Night emperor’s head, with a rumble…Night emperor was immediately reduced to ashes…


Chapter 838: Situation

The winged human Night emperor who was reduced to ashes had incredibly weak amount of energy left. The scene made Luo Feng, who was about to flee the room shocked. From his energy level… Gold Cang had actually instantly made Night emperor lose half his undying body!

50%!

Losing half his soul made it so that Night emperor could only unleash 10% of his strength from before, the soul was very important.

“Gold Cang, don’t force me!” Night emperor’s eyes were filled with madness as he reformed, staring hard at Gold Cang.

Gold Cang was incredibly intrepid now.

Even if Night emperor burned his undying body, he still couldn’t escape. He could only hope for Gold Cang to spar him.

“If forced, I’ll…” Night stared at Gold Cang.

“Self destruct? Haha, do you think that if you do so, I’ll be afraid? My undying body won’t be hurt even a little from it! Haha, I’ve already destroyed half of your undying body, and destroying the other half will kill you. So, why should I let you off? Just die!” Gold Cang didn’t show any mercy.

“Remember…remember…I will return to take revenge!” Night emperor roared.

“Explode! Explode! Explode!”

Night emperor howled.

Self destructing with only 50% of his undying body left…that was the result of Gold Cang’s undying energy destroying Night emperor’s other half. Hence his explosion wouldn’t be too huge.

At this time, Gold Cang could take the blow alone, but who would be that stupid?

Gold Cang chose to retreat!

Rumble…A pinnacle emperor’s self destruct, it was so powerful it made everyone else, such as Purple Clock, Ice Blade, Piercing Tiger and Luo Feng shocked.

Pinnacle emperor self destruct was akin to a million sector lord king bugs attacking together!

This was able to kill a high emperor! Heavily injure a pinnacle emperor! Or even cause the pinnacle emperor to fall because of it, but of course that required luck…

Even though…

Night emperor only had 50% of his undying body left, it was still half of a pinnacle emperor’s explosion. Unlike Gold Cang’s attack that destroyed him, this was an explosion that rippled in all directions. There was no way to control the direction of attack. Self destructing meant the death of a god, his energy would ripple in all directions!

“No!!!” Ice Blade, who was engaged with Piercing Tiger changed his expression, “Gold Cang, you caused this!!!”

Ice Blade fled in fear.

“Rumble…” The powerful force instantly acted on his body. The high emperor Ice Blade was instantly reduced to ashes, and his ashes were further destroyed.

“Night emperor, you are dragging me along with you!” Piercing Tiger rushed into the room in shock.

Rumble!

The force rushed over Piercing Tiger like a torrent of water. His armor gleamed before his entire body exploded, after which he reformed.

Rumble! The force rippled through Purple Clock’s body. He gritted his teeth and a membrane flashed throughout his body, withstanding the attack for awhile before his body became powder too, after which he reformed back.

Rumble! Luo Feng wrapped himself in his wings and withstood the attack!

…

Gold Cang, Purple clock, Ice blade, Piercing Tiger and Luo Feng all withstood the force of Night emperor’s explosion. Some were undamaged, some hurt while one fell!

Not just the five of them.

Even the Sacrificial tower wasn’t as stable as before against the force of a pinnacle emperor’s explosion. The walls within the pathway and room glowed madly from the force before breaking apart and crumbling as the ripples spread about.

Every wall gleamed for awhile before falling apart, however with each layer of wall it broke through, the power slowly diminished too.

With a diameter of 60km, a circular crater was formed as everything was reduced to nothing!

The tower itself was made of F grade metals. This was a special weapon, and just like how many weapons could become big or small, this tower could do so as well. However, it was closer to a God base or Star fortress level of weapon, but it’s internal defense wasn’t the same throughout.

The inheritance room and second treasure room, these two important rooms had higher defenses.

The walls outside the core region were incredibly strong as well.

Although there were many walls within, they were weaker. Even with the help of the mysterious engravings…Night emperor’s explosion still destroyed an area of 60km in diameter.

Silence.

Within the tower, there was silence.

Luo Feng and Piercing Tiger exchanged glances, communicating.

“Night emperor actually made me lose 6% of my undying body, what a waste.” Piercing Tiger communicated, “However Yang, we are in trouble. Night emperor’s death is a big loss to our strength. Even though they’ve lost Ice Blade too…he was only a high emperor. There is not much of an effect on the remaining two.”

“What a pity for Night emperor.” Luo Feng replied.

“What’s there to pity, isn’t he a human? You humans…value each and every emperor. Even if they fall, they will be revived after reversing space and time in the future.” Piercing Tiger said. “It’s a pity that I don’t have that kind of luck. Even though I am a member of the Hong alliance too, for me to get that kind of chance…I have to earn more contribution points to raise my position.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

A universe master had unbelievable power, and they could reverse time and space to a point before the target hadn’t died…reviving a warrior. Humanity had several beings that could do so, like the founder of the Huge Axe Dojo, the Primal Chaos city leader, Long Yan master, Void gold master…

They would, in a certain point in time, revive a large amount of warriors together!

Those revived were either very strong or had great contributions or were disciples of important people etc…

However…

It did have its price.

The universe masters paid very little for reviving someone like Night emperor. However, the small price was only to beings like them. They couldn’t possible swallow the costs, these had to be returned eventually by the warriors who were revived. They either had to fight for humanity or get treasures to give to humanity.

“Poor Night emperor. Even if he is revived, he’ll have to fight for humanity for a very long time.” Luo Feng thought. “However, it’s already lucky that he has such a chance. As for the other races… some races didn’t even have a being like a universe master. Even if they join the Hong alliance…the requirement just to be considered for revival far exceeded that of the humans.”

No one wanted to fall!

The stronger one got, the higher the price of revival would be.

The Primal Chaos city leader had said himself that reviving a knight would make him receive a backlash from the universe laws that could damage even him.

If he revived a being like Xi Luo Duo or the Tian Shi palace leader, he may even fall from the backlash! One had to know that the city leader’s power far exceeded Xi Luo Duo and the others. But he could fall from reviving them…it was clear that the backlash was terrifying.

Night emperor would be revived sometime in the future!

The price he would have to pay could only be imagined.

…

“Gold Cang, that Night emperor was about to flee, why did you force him?” Purple Clock was enraged. “Even Ice Blade has fallen!” Ice Blade was from the Qi Cang race too. Even as a fellow clansmen, Purple Clock didn’t respect him too much. But, they had explored together and were of the same race, hence they trusted each other.

“I got hurt from his explosion too.” Purple Clock raged. “And humanity is one of the four pinnacle races. Some universe master being will eventually revive him.”

“Shut up.” Gold Cang cursed, “That will take countless years to happen. Even if he is revived, he still won’t be my match. I only know that I can get his wealth from killing him.”

With a wave of his hand, he kept the world rings and items from Night emperor and Ice Blade.

“Don’t let the other humans escape.” Gold Cang roared.

Xiu!

Luo Feng flapped his wings in the distance and unleashed strike travel, swiftly accelerating and disappearing down the pathway.

“You can’t escape!” Gold Cang chased behind.

“Hmph.” Purple Clock chased behind too.

Piercing Tiger stood amidst the waste and watched the scene, smiling coldly, “Everybody is going mad for this treasure. They are burning their undying bodies or falling. That Gold Cang’s strength is something I should avoid. Even if I attack him, I will die.” He flew down another pathway swiftly.

Within the control room.

The elder Qiu Chi Ka, the god master Pu Ai, Men Bu, La Di Mo, the four indigenous warriors stared at the projection.

When they saw Night emperor’s explosion damaging the other warriors and killing Ice Blade, they all revealed a look of happiness and shock. “Look, the talisman.”

“That’s the talisman.”

Night and Ice Blade’s death made the originally melded into their bodies talismans fall to the ground.

“Go, hurry and go. You invaders, leave the talismans.” The elder hoped. But, no one would have expected Gold Cang to wave his hand and keep all the items that fell from their deaths.

This made Qiu Chi Ka and the others change their expressions.

“They are heading out of the tower!”

“But the talismans are still with them.” The god master Pu Ai said urgently. “Third brother, the moment they leave and teleport, we will never be able to open the inheritance room.”

The elder gritted his teeth and roared, “Listen to my order.”

Pu Ai, Men Bu and La Di Mo’s eyes gleamed, listening to the order from their elder, they knew that it was time to move!


Chapter 839: Qiu Chi Ka Shows Himself

When Qiu Chi Ka and the other indigenous warriors began to move, Luo Feng, Gold Cang and Purple Clock were in a frantic state.

“Flee, flee, flee!” Luo Feng flapped his wings, warping like a demon through the pathways.

“This Gold Cang is too strong!”

“This is a emperor limit strength, which far exceeds a pinnacle emperor’s strength. Even Night’s self destruction did no damage to him.” Luo Feng was panicking within. “Even my combined attack from my bug army cannot harm him. If I fight it out with him, he may burn some undying energy and kill my earth body. The moment the earth body falls, that would be troublesome. The pathways are too narrow, the Golden horned beast cannot fight here at all!”

The beast was much stronger than the human body, however the tower wasn’t suitable for it.

“Human, don’t flee, just give up.” Gold Cang howled and chase behind.

Rumble!

Rumble!

From time to time, bolts of lightning burst out of his eyes. These lightning bolts naturally exceeded Luo Feng’s speed, instantly forming countless lightning snakes that acted as a net, bound by countless strings. It greatly affected Luo Feng’s speed. Right after breaking free, the second net had already reached.

Lightning bolts connected and formed a net over and over…

It made it extremely hard for Luo Feng!

“If it weren’t for this pathway, I would have long gotten far away, and his lightning wouldn’t even be able to touch me.” Luo Feng flapped his wings and fled.

“You can really run.” Gold Cang shouted from behind.

He slowed down Luo Feng over and over, yet he could only shorten their distance a little at a time. This made him feel disappointed with himself.

…

The two of them continued as Purple Clock chased from behind too.

“Gold Cang sure is brutal, using Night emperor to kill Ice Blade.” Purple Clock’s eyes gleamed coldly. “We are all from the automaton camp, and we cannot kill each other. The moment we do so it would be broadcasted in the virtual world, and we will be hunted down from the camp, unable to escape.”

“Hence…”

“He wouldn’t dare attack personally, but he still wants to get the treasure for himself.”

“Now that Ice Blade is gone, in truth he used someone else to kill him.” Purple Clock cursed. “Hmph, no matter, he simply used someone else, he wouldn’t dare attack his own camp ally. And I’m not Ice Blade. Even if Piercing Tiger self destructs, I won’t fall.”

“Gold Cang, you want the treasure all to yourself? Hmph…” Many ideas flashed within his mind.

Being from the same camp didn’t mean they were on good terms. Because of the rules, they didn’t kill each other. Going against the rules…not only would the automaton race send powerful warriors, even Gold Cang’s own clansman would send their own.

Luo Feng, Gold Cang and Purple Clock flew along the pathways, with ideas of their own.

“Ahead is the core area exit.” Luo Feng fled with all his strength.

Shua!

With a flash, he arrived before the exit. The six pathways remained activated, however what stunned Luo Feng was that a purple armored six armed undying floated before the exit. He gave off god energy ripples and blocked off the exits.

“Yan Ji indigenous race?” Luo Feng was shocked at his appearance, but he couldn’t care less at this moment.

“Make way!” He roared and was about to rush forward.

“Hua la!”

The six armed undying’s arms grew thicker and thicker. It blocked off the six pathways as Luo Feng rushed towards one. Each arm was incredibly powerful, after growing in size, it slapped and knocked back Luo Feng.

“Haha, Yan Ji indigenous resident? I must thank you.” Gold Cang caught up and communicated.

Sou!

Purple Clock appeared too.

Luo Feng, Gold Cang and Purple Clock stood there. That Yan Ji warrior blocked up all six pathways, and he was at pinnacle emperor strength. Luo Feng may have the advantage in speed, but to forcefully break through…the strength difference was too much.

“Yang, who is this?” A beam of light flew over. It was Piercing Tiger who flew from another pathway. After landing he was shocked too, “Indigenous?”

The group all exchanged glances, after which they looked at the warrior.

“This indigenous punk, after escaping back then, he actually dares show himself?” Gold Cang roared. The warriors there all knew that they could easily report to their camps about any spotting of these warriors, however there was no forced regulation about reporting or killing them…

These had never been a responsibility for the warriors.

And the warriors didn’t want to draw attention to the treasure in the tower either.

“Attention other race enemies.” The warrior floating there seemed a little chubby, and his smile was terrifying, “I really wish for you to die, but since you were all about to leave the tower, I had to show myself. Let me introduce myself, I am the survivor of the Yan Ji race Qiu Chi Ka. Back then I was a normal undying when my race faced extinction. However, countless years have passed and I’ve been incredibly lonely, but I also grew in strength.”

“You’ve been here all this while?”

Gold Cang, Purple Clock, Piercing Tiger and Luo Feng were shocked. “Right, I’ve been in here observing your every move.” Qiu Chi Ka smiled. His smile however was peculiar and terrifying, “I had planned initially…for you to kill each other more. Those of you belonging to other races, you destroyed my race back then. Hence, its better for you all to die.”

“But I really need the talismans.”

“I didn’t expect you to actually keep both the fallen warriors.” Qiu Chi Ka pointed at Gold Cang.

Gold Cang frowned, this warrior actually knew that he had kept the talismans. Looks like he truly had been observing the entire tower.

“Why do you need the talismans?” He roared.

“You said… your plan…” Luo Feng frowned, “That treasure room…”

The others were shocked when they heard.

“Smart.” Qiu Chi Ka complimented, “There’s at least one smart fellow amongst you all, haha, I’ve been here all this while, and that room had always been open. If there were any treasure, it would have been long gone. Those three treasure chests…are empty chests. Since you are all unable to scan them, I used them to bait you all into killing each other.”

“What!”

“Empty chests?”

“Night emperor and Ice Blade fell for empty chests?” Piercing Tiger roared, as the others remained shocked.

Everybody had risked it all for those chests, and the emperors had all lost part of their undying bodies for them.

“Human.” Qiu Chi Ka looked at Luo Feng. “When you acquired the chests, you should have seen the words on it. It clearly states that only a person of my race can open it. Naturally, I opened them a long time ago and left the chests there as part of my plan.”

“There were those words.” Luo Feng and Purple Clock frowned.

“Purple Clock, you saw the words too?” Gold Cang asked. Purple clock replied, “Yes, indeed. And when we found that room, it was already open. Also, this warrior seems to know our every move, he’s obviously been watching us. He definitely knew of the room before, he probably took the treasure long ago.”

“Hm.” Gold Cang acknowledged this point.

“If you don’t believe, you can hand me one chest and I can open it for you.” Qiu Chi Ka smiled as he said.

“Yang, take out one chest.” Gold Cang looked at Luo Feng.

“Take it out.” Purple Clock said.

Luo Feng frowned but still retrieved one chest. There were complex engravings all around the chest. Since one couldn’t forcefully open it, Luo Feng tossed it over.

When Qiu Chi Ka received it, he rubbed his hand along the sides and with an easy click, opened the chest.

The emperor’s all stared hard.

The chest was completely empty.

“Empty chests.” Gold Cang was enraged, roaring, “Bastard.” He had burnt part of his undying body for this. Even though the material of the case was worth some money too, he didn’t care for such petty wealth.

What he wanted…

Was the treasure from the fleeing race of Yan Ji back then!

“Haha…” Qiu Chi Ka laughed, “If you all weren’t fleeing so fast, I wouldn’t even have shown myself. The more you killed each other, the better it would have been.”

“So why have you shown yourself now?” Gold Cang asked.

The others stared at Qiu Chi Ka.

Qiu Chi Ka’s expression suddenly grew demonic as he stared at them. “You other race punks, if it weren’t for the true treasure of the tower, I wouldn’t even care about you.”

“True treasure?” Luo Feng was shocked.

The others were stunned too.

“Haha…you don’t think that a room that a pinnacle emperor’s self destruct can destroy will hold the real treasure?” He mocked, “Why would you think…that I, having gotten the treasure before, would risk my life here to waste my time with you?”

“Right.” They all agreed.

Would an inheritance treasure room be that weak?

“The treasure is separated.” Qiu Chi Ka said coldly, “The room you all saw was indeed one of them, but it’s an ordinary one. The secret ones however…hide the true treasure.”

“Any one of our race can open that normal room.”

“The true treasure in the secret room requires not just our race, but also the talismans to activate. Only with it…will it confirm our identity, and one without it cannot open the room.” Qiu Chi Ka said, “Back then when we fled, the knights were worried that the normal warriors would be controlled by others, hence he entrusted talismans to a few to hold…and those holding the talismans had to be emperor level! It’s incredibly hard to control an emperor undying.”

Luo Feng and the other warriors nodded as they listened.

They had to admit.

Whatever he said was logical, it fit.

“If you all leave, I will never be able to get the true treasure, and without the talismans I won’t be able to open the doors. However without me, you all will never be able to open it too.” Qiu Chi Ka looked at the group, “My request is simple, I just want half of the treasure!”


Chapter 840: Treasure

At the exit of the tower, Qiu Chi Ka spoke, revealing the secret of the hidden treasure.

“Real and fake treasure?” Luo Feng pondered.

They had to admit that whatever he had said sounded true.

“The treasure chests I got before were empty, plus he could easily tell us about what’s been going on. There’s no doubt that he was here long before us, that’s confirmed.”

“There are two possibilities.”

“The first one is that, he truly wants to get the true treasure, and it requires the talisman…hence he’s here to work with us.”

“The second possibility is that everything is fabricated! He had long gotten the true treasure, however since his race was destroyed back then…he holds immense hatred against us. He then set up the plan for us to kill each other. But now that we are about to leave, he’s holding us up, it could very likely be a ploy…for revenge.” Luo Feng thought.

A survivor of a destroyed race.

If earth was destroyed or humanity was destroyed, Luo Feng knew… that he would probably be driven mad with vengeance too.

“Is it for the treasure? Or revenge?” He hesitated.

…

The other three emperors were doubtful as well.

“Gold Cang, do you think what he’s said is true?” Purple Clock said.

“There’s a 50% chance.” Gold Cang replied.

Rubbish! Purple Clock thought.

“What do we do?” Purple Clock thought.

“I must get the treasure!” Gold Cang’s eyes gleamed with ferocity. He had already burnt part of his undying body. Even though he had already gotten Ice Blade and Night emperor’s wealth, that little bit couldn’t satisfy an emperor pinnacle warrior like him. His aim was only one…the towers treasure.

Without that, he wouldn’t be satisfied.

“Then I’ll trust you and stick with you Gold Cang. Even if this warrior has any traps set up, it wont go through.” Purple Clock said.

“Haha…plans are all useless against true strength.” Gold Cang said confidently. “Relax, after getting the treasure, I will distribute it with you accordingly, you get 20%.”

“Thanks Gold Cang.” Purple Clock felt hatred within but suppressed it.

Before, they had agreed on the ratio of 7:2:1, now that Ice Blade had died, Gold Cang simply decided to take 80%.

…

Qiu Chi Ka simply laughed within, “If you all didn’t flee so quickly, I wouldn’t have had to take this special path to the exit and risk myself.” Luo Feng and the others had flown in two batches earlier. One was Luo Feng, Gold Cang and Purple Clock.

The other was Piercing Tiger by his lonesome.

While both the groups rushing towards the exit…Qiu Chi Ka was in the control room then, but there was a path that led him straight to the exit. He actually wanted to…simply stop Piercing Tiger and use all four of their warriors to overpower him.

It couldn’t be helped.

Without a proper pathway to stop Piercing Tiger, he could only risk it by showing up by himself.

“Greed and ambition, both are things a warrior can never get rid of.” He looked at the other warrior’s face and relaxed.

“Have you decided?” He asked.

The emperors below all exchanged glances. Even though they were chasing after Luo Feng before…now that they knew the chests were fakes, they didn’t want to waste anymore time fighting each other, as there was no benefit in that.

“Ok! I believe you.” Gold Cang’s voice roared like thunder.

“Qiu Chi Ka, don’t do anything stupid.” Purple Clock smiled coldly. “I will trust you for now.”

“Let’s go along then.” Piercing Tiger looked at Luo Feng.

The two of them exchanged glances and nodded.

With Night emperor’s death, they had to help each other now. Even though Gold Cang was intrepid…Luo Feng’s defense was heavenly and Piercing Tiger was a pinnacle emperor too. If they truly fought, even if Gold Cang killed them both, he would have to sacrifice over 10% of his undying body.

That price was too costly…

“As long as we are careful and don’t take too much, Gold Cang won’t go too crazy. Losing 5 % of one’s undying body is easy to recover. Anything over that however is troublesome, and over 10% is even worse.” Piercing Tiger communicated.

“Hm, with us together, we can help each other.” Luo Feng replied.

The four warriors agreed.

Qiu Chi Ka laughed, “Indeed everyone wants the treasure, however remember what I said before, I get half!”

“I said it too, I agree!” Gold Cang had a downcast expression, as he replied.

The others nodded.

Gold Cang laughed coldly within, “Half? Hmph” It was just lies. He naturally wouldn’t do anything yet. But, once the room was open… he would use everything to get the treasure.

“This aboriginal probably has some trump card too.” Luo Feng and the others were clear on this.

However for the treasure…

Even if the enemy was strong, they wouldn’t give up.

“Follow me.” Qiu Chi Ka flew ahead.

“Wait.” Gold Cang roared.

Qiu Chi Ka stopped and turned curiously, Gold Cang stared at him coldly, ordering him, “To maintain our trust, you will fly between the four of us.”

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Purple Clock, Piercing Tiger and Luo Feng stood around and surrounded Qiu Chi Ka.

“Haha, so strong and yet so cowardly.” He mocked.

“It’s called caution, a careless warrior will die young.” Gold Cang said coldly.

“Then let’s go, I’ll point the way.” Qiu Chi Ka replied, “Just follow this path on the left.”

Immediately…

The group began to fly within the tower under Qiu Chi Ka’s guidance Luo Feng and the others discovered several hidden pathways on the way. They only needed to push some disguised walls and another pathway would reveal itself.

Within the control room.

The god master Pu Ai, La Di mo and Men Bu held their breaths nervously as they watched the projection.

“Elder, elder…” Men Bu clenched his fists, his eyes were clearly filled with worry and anxiety.

“Third brother is doing everything for the race, that’s why he’s putting himself in danger.” Pu Ai said. “The invaders are already acting according to his plan, half of the plan has succeeded! This time…no matter the cost, we have to get the inheritance treasure.”

“Hm.” The other two nodded.

“Keep watching.”

Pu Ai continued, “We’ll see if third brother can succeed. Afterall, the invaders are all extremely cautious and clever, and they are strong too. To succeed…we’ll need both third brother and a lot of luck.”

…

Along a dark internal pathway.

The four warriors surrounded Qiu Chi Ka and flew carefully. The further they got, the brighter the pathways were, after awhile…they arrived within a bright hall.

“Where do we go next?” Gold Cang roared.

“We’ve arrived.” Qiu Chi Ka’s eyes were gleaming.

“We’ve arrived?”

Luo Feng looked around curiously. This huge hall had a diameter of over 10km. The walls were smooth with complex engravings on them, and he didn’t see anywhere to hide any treasure.

“Hmph, you invaders, even after standing before the treasure room, you wouldn’t even be able to recognize it.” Qiu Chi Ka mocked, “Even if you find the treasure room…you wouldn’t be able to open it.”

“Where is it?” Gold Cang raged.

They all looked at Qiu Chi Ka. He however walked very calmly towards a distant wall, the others naturally followed closely to stop him from doing anything devious.

On the smooth wall…

Qiu Chi Ka took a deep breath and muttered, “My countless dead clansmen. I let these invaders enter the treasure room for the sake of the race’s prosperity again. My clansmen…forgive me.” He extended his six palms. Simultaneously, the engravings on the wall lit up and rumbled.

“Hm?” Luo Feng turned.

The wall began to pull apart, revealing 10km wide pathway.

“The treasure room is within.” Qiu Chi ka said.

“Very good, isn’t it good that we all work together?” Gold Cang laughed. However they maintained their cautious position and flew in.

The pathway was only 100m long.

At the end was a door covered in gold light. The engravings on it were incredibly mysterious as it emanated powerful energies.

“This is G grade metal?”

“It’s G grade metal!”

“Other than the treasure chests, this is the first time we’ve seen another G grade metal, and it’s the entire door. Just this door alone…should be worth several hundreds of millions of indigo gems.” Purple Clock smiled. Beside him Gold Cang smiled as well. The door alone was incredibly valuable.

Looks like…

Everything Qiu Chi Ka said was true, the treasure within must be shocking.

“It was worth it to burn my undying body.” Gold Cang could barely suppress his excitement.

Luo Feng carefully observed everything.

No matter what, he had the Sha Wu wings and general armor. Hence, he had a certain guarantee to survive. He naturally wouldn’t give up on the treasure that easily.

“Attention all, to activate the door, I have to have a talisman and I will have to personally do it.” Qiu Chi Ka said coldly, “Give me the talisman and let me open the room.”


Chapter 841: All is Revealed

Give Qiu Chi Ka the talisman?

Gold Cang and the others exchanged glances. If this talisman were to be handed to Qiu Chi Ka, it would be hard to get it back.

“Hmph.” Qiu Chi Ka snorted as he saw what happened, mocking, “You are all warriors too. You want the treasure, yet you are afraid to pass me the talisman. Haha, everything must be perfect in your world. I have no ability to forcefully take it from you all anyway, we’ll just have no way to open the room then.”

Gold Cang roared, “Purple Clock, go and give it a shot. See if you can open the door.”

Purple Clock felt unhappy within, however he still nodded, “Ok.”

The rest of them stood by the side. Purple Clock walked towards the gold door and touched it with both hands, trying to push it, pouring his undying energy in. After which, he used the talisman to press against the door…trying many ways to open it.

“Hm?” He frowned as he tried.

He had failed over and over.

This made Gold Cang’s expression grow ugly. He looked at Qiu Chi Ka, who stood smiling coldly at the scene, mocking, “Trying to get the treasure without me? What a dream. Keep trying, you must be dreaming if you think you can open it.”

Qiu Chi Ka mocked and laughed openly, as everyone heard it.

“Shut up.” Gold Cang roared.

“Hmph.” Qiu Chi Ka shot a glance at him and went silent.

Gold Cang turned to look at Purple Clock and roared, “Forget it.” Purple Clock was incredibly unhappy within, but he obediently walked back and said, “Looks like only an indigenous Yan Ji can open this inheritance room.”

“Qiu Chi Ka, you are an emperor too. Don’t be stupid, and try any tricks.” Gold Cang roared.

Qiu Chi Ka simply shot him a glance and remained silent.

“Give it to me!”

Gold Cang tossed out a talisman to him.

Qiu Chi Ka extended his hand received the translucent talisman. His hands were shaking from the excitement. He sent in his spirit energy for it to recognize him as its owner and it melded with his skin. His eyes were wet as he howled within, “My clansmen, I’ve finally received the talisman!”

Weng…

After the he successfully melded with it, the entire tower seemed to connect to him.

“Master.” A voice communicated mentally with Qiu Chi Ka.

“Tower.” He said excitedly.

Yes, the tower was a movable survival base, just like a space fortress.

It had its own AI.

The AI could control the entire tower. Different levels of Yan Ji people had different levels of authority within. The normal residents and undyings with the talisman…had higher authorities. Qiu Chi Ka could only do low level actions within the control room in the past.

Now however, he was the master of the entire tower!

Only a Yan Ji clansman with the talisman could get the recognition of the tower, and only after melding with the talisman would he truly gain control! When the six leaders fell before…the tower became useless, and was unable to fly.

…

Within the control room.

Pu Ai, La Di Mo, Men Bu watched the scene, especially after seeing him melding with the talisman, they were incredibly excited. Men Bu even teared a little.

“Pu Ai, La Di Mo, Men Bu, I’m halfway there.” A voice resounded within the control room.

“Third brother!” Pu Ai shouted excitedly.

“Elder!”

“Elder!” The other two shouted excitedly. “You can communicate with us?”

“I’ve already become the master of the tower, I can communicate with it mentally. Naturally it can resound within any part of the tower. Right now…I must carry out the most important step! My beloved clansmen, wish me luck! And pray that our fallen race can get its most important inheritance!” His voice was filled with excitement and anxiety.

…

Before the treasure room door.

“Hurry and open the door.” Gold Cang frowned.

Luo Feng carefully observed Qiu Chi Ka’s actions. However, it was hard to tell just from looking that he had become the master of the tower.

“Hahaha…how many years has it been. How long have I waited. I’m finally able to get the treasure of our race.” He laughed and glanced at Gold Cang, “We are working together, don’t get cocky.”

“Hmph.” Gold Cang snorted coldly, looking at Qiu Chi Ka, “I’ll let you be arrogant for awhile.”

“I am here to open the door!”

Qiu Chi Ka walked straight to the door.

The others quickly followed closely, they didn’t dare let there be any distance between them.

Qiu Chi Ka clicked his lips and walked unhappily towards the door, and touched it gently. The engravings on the door immediately lit up and reacted. The others seem excited but after awhile, the door remained shut.

“What’s going on?” Gold Cang roared.

“Give me another talisman.” Qiu Chi Ka shouted at them, “I need two talismans to open the door.”

“Why didn’t you say so before?” Gold Cang frowned.

“I wasn’t a leader back then, and only the six leaders knew the secrets of the tower. I only know that the true treasure room must be opened by someone of my race. I only knew this. As to requiring two talismans, only the leaders knew that. How could I know about this beforehand?” He raged. “Back then, this setup was probably to prevent any greedy leader from acting alone.”

“If that’s not possible, you can come open the door yourself.” He raged.

“Hmph.”

Gold Cang snorted and tossed out the other talisman.

Qiu Chi Ka took the talisma. He used both of them to touch the door simultaneously.

“Tower, lock in the talisman and open the treasure room door.” He communicated mentally.

“Yes master.”

Weng…

The engravings lit up and countless beams of light wrapped about the talismans. After which, the room rumbled as the door began to lift up. This scene made Gold Cang and Purple Clock watch in anticipation.

“The door is opening.” Luo Feng watched on.

Sou!

Qiu Chi Ka rushed in.

“Trying to get everything?” Gold Cang raged, sou! Sou! Him and Purple Clock immediately rushed in, while Luo Feng and Piercing Tiger swiftly followed.

…

The entire room was made of G grade metal, and was filled with countless engravings. 20 m long, 20m wide and 10m tall. There were twelve locks on the ground, heavily locking the ancient chest for trillions of years.

“Treasure chest.” Qiu Chi Ka rushed towards it first.

He had truly brought the invaders here for the treasure chests, and those chests held within the true treasures, Qiu Chi Ka had never gotten them before.

“Get out of the way.” A lightning bolt hit his body, it was the lightning pike. It smashed hard into Qiu Chi Ka, knocking him into the wall.

Gold Cang grabbed the chest hard.

“Mine.” Gold Cang grabbed it hard!

Hua la!

The twelve locks bound the chests even tighter, and the engravings on it easily withstood Gold Cang’s strength.

“Hahaha…you think you can forcefully take it?” Qiu Chi Ka mocked as he lay against the wall. “These locks are specially constructed. Even a knight would find it extremely hard to break them, as for you? Even if you self destruct you won’t be able to break them.”

“Idiot.” Purple Clock was initially nervous, but he laughed after seeing the scene.

Luo Feng and Piercing Tiger relaxed aswell.

“We’ll act accordingly.” Luo Feng communicated, “That Qiu Chi Ka would never stupidly bring us here to give us his treasure, without getting anything himself. Also…Gold Cang would never willingly share half of the treasure with him. Those two will definitely fight, and the moment that happens, our chance will come.”

“Hm.” Piercing Tiger agreed.

“The locks may not be able to break, but the chests can still be opened.” Qiu Chi Ka mocked, “Of course, you definitely can’t open it.”

“Open it!” Gold Cang roared.

“You think I’m stupid? The moment I open and pass it to you, what do you think will happen?” He jeered at Gold Cang.

Gold Cang was simply boiling with rage now as he stared hard at Qiu Chi Ka.

He stared back.

“Ha!” Qiu Chi Ka laughed, simultaneously sending an order, “Tower, close the treasure room door.”

“Yes master.”

“Rumble!”

A huge rumble occurred behind them. Luo Feng turned quickly, seeing the raised door suddenly fall and shutting the room completely.

“What’s going on?” Gold Cang raged, simultaneously using his lightning pike to pierce at Qiu Chi Ka, pinning him to the wall, “Why did the doors suddenly shut? How will we get out?”

“Right, the doors are shut.” Qiu Chi Ka exclaimed, “How will we get out?”

“I’ll give you all a suggestion.”

He seemed to ponder hard before saying, “You can teleport via your god country and leave this room.”

Everyone’s expressions changed.

Luo Feng pondered too…

Nobody trusted each other here. How could they teleport via their god country? What’s more, without the treasure, no one was willing to leave. This move…Qiu Chi Ka had finally revealed his true colors.

“What’s he doing?” Luo Feng frowned.

Luo Feng who had the strongest ability to survive naturally watched the scene calmly.


Chapter 842: Death

Luo Feng gazed around. This entire room was made of G grade metals, along with the mysterious engravings, it was impossible to break out.

“Aboriginal, what are you planning!” Gold Cang waved his lightning pike, staring angrily at Qiu Chi Ka.

The other emperors looked on coldly at him.

Even though they were trapped within, the warriors weren’t too worried because they could teleport via their god country out. Only thing was they they didn’t trust each other and they still wanted to get the treasure. Hence they didn’t plan to leave immediately.

At this moment…

Outside the room.

Two beams of light swiftly flew over and stopped outside the room. They were the aboriginals Men Bu and La Di Mo.

They looked at the two locked in talismans on the door, with excitement and pain at the same time.

Pa! Pa!” They reached and easily retrieved them.

They hesitated for awhile as they looked at the room. They knew that their elder was within.

“Elder!” They howled in pain within.

“Hurry and go!” A voice pierced their ears. “Hurry and go, we cannot be careless at all with the inheritance.”

“Yes.”

Men Bu and La Di Mo gritted their teeth and became beams of light leaving the room.

“Elder, you must survive, you must survive” Men Bu turned and howled as they left.

“Elder!” La Di Mo shouted too.

A voice resounded within the walkway. “If possible, I would. However the chances of that are very slim. As long as you can get to the inheritance room and get the treasure there, I will have no regrets.”

“Elder!”

“Elder!” The two of them welled up in tears.

Within the control room, Pu Ai watched the scene with pain and excitement. This was Qiu Chi Ka’s inheritance plan, the entire plan was to get the talismans. The plan was simple, he would show himself and draw the invaders to the treasure room. After which, he would get the talismans and open the room, leaving the talismans on the door. Then he would rush in and pretend to get the treasure. Naturally the invaders would be drawn in along and then he would shut the door. The talismans could then be retrieved.

With the doors shut, the invaders wouldn’t be able to escape.

Men bu and La Di Mo could easily head towards the inheritance room and take its countless treasures away.

Two things about the plan required luck.

One was that Gold Cang and the others had to trust Qiu Chi Ka and follow him to the room.

Secondly, it was whether they would rush into the room along with him, and whether they’d notice the talismans stuck to the door outside. If they requested for it to be taken down…Qiu Chi Ka could secretly order the door to shut, saying that the doors required the talismans to be stuck on it or it would simply shut.

All in all, there were several risks.

He was the first to rush into the room, putting himself in danger. This was the most important part of the mission. If he didn’t enter or rushed out immediately, the others would naturally follow him and he wouldn’t be able to lock them in. That would affect the plan.

“Third brother.” Pu Ai shouted in pain, “You could have chosen not to enter the room.”

“If I don’t enter, they won’t enter either. And if they don’t enter…Men Bu and the others won’t be able to get the talismans easily, the plan would be for naught.” Qiu Chi Ka’s voice resounded within the control room. “Everything is for the race!”

“Hm, everything for the race.” Pu Ai nodded.

Of the three treasure rooms, the first one held the least treasures. The second room had more treasures within. As for the third one, it had countless techniques and inheritance treasures for the entire race, it was the true inheritance.

The inheritance room was the most important of the three Qiu Chi Ka couldn’t allow any failure, hence the one he entered…was naturally the second room.

…

Within the room.

“What am I doing?” Pinned against the wall, he smiled at Gold Cang. “Invaders, why don’t you guess what I’m doing?”

“Playing with me.” Gold Cang’s voice rumbled.

Luo Feng frowned at Qiu Chi Ka, he had felt something amiss all this while, almost like victory was in Qiu chi Ka’s hands.

“Speak, how do we open the chest.” Gold Cang pointed at the ancient chest bound by twelve locks.

“Hmph, haha.” Qiu Chi Ka laughed weirdly at him.

“Do you wish to die?” Gold Cang was very angry now as he roared.

“Smart!” Qiu Chi Ka simply looked at him and said softly, “I wish to die!”

The others beside him were all stunned. They looked on with disbelief at this aboriginal.

“I wish to die.”

“Do you understand?”

“I’ve lived for far too long, and I’ve been in pain for too long. When my race faced extinction back then, I’ve been struggling for so long, I’m too tired. Now it’s time to end it.” His eyes seemed relaxed. “I may even take a couple of other race emperors with me, haha, how exciting is this.”

“Not good.”

“This aboriginal is mad.” Purple Clock and Piercing Tiger were stunned.

This aboriginal was a pinnacle emperor too. If he self destructed, Gold Cang may be fine, but the two of them would be in trouble.

“We’ve finally got the inheritance.” He closed his eyes and smiled. “I’ve done my part.”

“Marsha!”

“My love…when you fell back then, I wanted to accompany you, but I couldn’t. Now however, I can follow you into eternal sleep.” He closed his eyes and smiled widely, after which powerful ripples began to emanate from his body.

…

“No!!!”

Pu Ai was watching the projection in the control room all this while. He howled painfully, “No!!!” third brother, don’t do this!”

Xiu! Xiu!

Two beams of light flew into the control room. It was La Di Mo and Men Bu who had just acquired the inheritance, they watched the projection and were stunned.

“Elder!”

“No.”

…

Within the treasure room.

“No!” Piercing Tiger opened his eyes and fiercely banged hard at the wall, however the walls were too sturdy.

“Madman, madman, madman!!!” Purple Clock gritted his teeth and cursed madly.

“What a madman.” Gold Cang simply snorted and stood there.

Luo Feng wrapped himself in his wings and said, “I don’t know if I can withstand this.”

Qiu Chi Ka maintained his smile as terrifying energy started to exploded from within. He closed his eyes, rumble…every cell in his body instantly exploded with terrifying energy, trillions of years of undying energy began to erupt!

Rumble…an explosion akin to a million sector lords combining their attacks filled the entire room.

The room was only that big. So, there was nowhere to hide!

“I cannot die!” Piercing Tiger howled.

“Hmph.” Purple Clock snorted as a purple clock image appeared on his body.

Luo Feng wrapped himself.

Gold Cang simply stood and stared coldly.

The powerful force instantly engulfed the four warriors. At this time, Piercing Tiger and Purple Clock fought hard.

Rumble! The final force which passed through the Sha Wu wings and General armor still managed to make his cloud contact armor crumble. It’s sturdiness was akin to a low emperor human, and normal high emperors wouldn’t even be able to breakthrough it. Completely crumbling meant the difference was huge.

“Rumble…” The remaining force shook his body hard, instantly destroying 80% of his body. However it swiftly recovered.

Without the Sha Wu wings and general armor, Gold Cang, Purple Clock and Piercing Tiger were completely different.

Gold Cang stood there coldly, his body instantly crumbling from the force. However, he reformed right after with the same cold expression, staring at the other three.

…

The tragedy was just as bad in the control room.

The three aboriginals were in absolute grief. Qiu Chi Ka had been leading their race since the sweep before. He was a spiritual leader and he helped support them for so long. He had settled all difficulties and dangers. But, now that they had finally acquired the inheritance, he was gone.

“This is a message left behind by the master, he wanted me to pass it to you after he died.” The AI of the tower said clearly.

The three warriors held their breaths.

Qiu Chi Ka’s voice resounded.

“Pu Ai, Men Bu, La Di Mo, when you hear this, I’ll already be gone. Please forgive me, I’ve chosen to escape! The trillions of years before, living only on faith, now that we’ve acquired the inheritance, I’m satisfied. I’ll leave everything to you all. The treasure room is already shut, and they cannot get out and they cannot open the chest either. I believe they will ultimately choose to teleport via their god country. The moment they leave, you can sneak in and get that treasure chest too!”

“This is the most perfect ending. If other invaders come, you can instantly enter the god country via the space pathway and destroy the pathway.”

“Clean up the ends.”

Pu Ai, my brother, La Di Mo, Men Bu, my children, the future of the race is up to you all. Forgive me for my escape.” Silence.

The three couldn’t help but cry.

The undying survivors had all supported each other through the years, and their relationships were incredibly close, even though Qiu Chi Ka had been their elder and leader.

“You didn’t escape third brother, you didn’t. You were simply too tired, you needed rest.” Pu Ai muttered, beside him the other two were silent.

For the race, their elder Qiu Chi Ka…had fallen…


Chapter 843: Purple Clock’s threat

“The race must rise again, we cannot let the elder’s sacrifice be in vain.” La Di Mo howled. Men Bu nodded beside him.

“Look at the treasure room!”

The god master Pu Ai said, “The treasure room and the inheritance room. The inheritance room holds techniques that our race has accumulated over countless years for our people, while the treasure room holds all sorts of valuables. As long as they teleport via god country out of the room, we can get the treasure.”

“Hm.” The other two nodded. Their eyes were gleaming as they watched the projection.

Within the treasure room.

The aboriginal Qiu Chi Ka, a pinnacle emperor had self destructed. It took a while for the room to gradually regain its peace.

“Bastard, bastard, bastard!!!” Piercing Tiger howled as he stood in the corner, his eyes were filled with madness.

“Hmph.” Purple Clock was ashen. His gaze was fixed on Gold Cang who was in the center of the room.

Gold Cang retained his cold expression.

Luo Feng was like a cocoon pinned against the wall in his wings. He slowly opened his wings and gazed around. Piercing Tiger’s energy had dropped to an extreme low. In comparison, Purple Clock didn’t seem to have any change, and so did Gold Cang.

“Piercing Tiger suffered huge losses. His undying body has been damaged over 50%!” Luo Feng thought. “But Purple Clock isn’t even injured? It’s normal that Gold Cang wasn’t hurt, but Purple Clock…”

The two enemies.

Gold Cang had reached the limit of an emperor.

Purple Clock was also an emperor pinnacle.

“Hehehe…” Gold Cang laughed coldly.

“You sure know how to act.” He turned to face Purple Clock. His voice was booming, “Purple Clock, if it weren’t for that aboriginal self destructing, I wouldn’t be able to see your Qi Chang race’s strength. Other than the attack you used earlier when you burnt 3% of your undying energy, whether it was Night emperor’s explosion or this aboriginal’s explosion…they didn’t even harm you!”

That explosion…

Gold Cang was undamaged.

Luo Feng used the same terrifying defense and was left undamaged. Gold Cang had already predicted that this human had his own trump cards, hence he wasn’t shocked that Luo Feng survived.

Piercing Tiger had lost half his undying body. If he was damaged any further, he would fall into a coma, this was within his expectations.

Only Purple Clock, he seemed to only be pinnacle emperor level. When Night emperor self destructed before, he wailed like he was injured. However, as he hid in the room, the explosion spread over a large area. Even Piercing Tiger had barely survived. Even if Purple Clock was injured…it would be hard to tell just from looking.

No one thought of anything special about Purple Clock!

This time was different!

Qiu Chi Ka’s explosion was within this small treasure room,which was 20m wide and 10m tall! And it was shut! The defenses of the room made it so that the walls were totally undamaged. This also made it so that his explosion was contained within. Hence, the force of this explosion would have been terrifying.

Piercing Tiger was heavily injured. If he was injured anymore, he would fall into a coma.

Purple Clock however was undamaged, that was weird.

“Cackle…” Purple Clock laughed. His scales contracting on his face, which looked incredibly ugly. His voice was piercing as he said, “Gold Cang, there are trillions of races, and countless treasures. There are also countless dangerous areas, would I not have any survival trump cards?”

“When we planned it out earlier, you didn’t say anything.” Gold Cang looked at him.

“This is for my survival, there’s no need to say anything.” He looked down, seemingly giving in.

“Hmph.”

Gold Cang snorted coldly.

After which his gaze landed on the human youth and Piercing Tiger, mocking within. Piercing Tiger wasn’t even worth mentioning now.

As for the human with powerful defenses, his attack was average, and so he was no threat as well.

“Let’s everybody try and open this chest.” He pointed to the chest, “Who’ll try first?”

Who would dare attempt to open the chest?

“Gold Cang, you go first.” Purple Clock said.

“Hmph.”

Gold Cang walked over to the ancient chest bound by twelve chains. He tried to open it with brute force and skill. After trying everything without any result, he kicked it hard, causing the space about to crumble. “You all give it a shot.”

“I’ll try.” Purple Clock walked up to try. When he reached it, he turned to Luo feng, “Human, don’t you want to give it a shot?”

“No need.” Luo Feng wasn’t in a rush.

Purple Clock tried a few times, failure!

Luo Feng and Piercing Tiger went to try too, still failure!

…

Within the control room.

“These invaders still want to get our treasure? What dreamers!” Men Bu said angrily.

“The treasure is ours.” La Di Mo mocked. “These invaders, they don’t know when to give up. Look at the strongest Gold Cang, he’s about to go crazy. Even so, it’s useless, they still wont get the treasure. The only path they’ve got left is to teleport via god country!”

“We’ll wait till they leave and we’ll go grab the treasure.” Pu Ai said.

The three aboriginals all watched on, waiting…waiting for when the invaders left via their god countries.

After a few minutes within the room, the warriors all realized…they had no way to open the chest.

“Maybe I can let the Mosha clansman become a Yan ji warrior and try.” Luo Feng stood in the corner and thought. “However as to whether I can deceive the chest system, I don’t have a full guarantee. Whether it works or not, I cannot do it in front of others.”

“What a waste!” Gold Cang roared, his voice resounding within the room.

The other warriors about mumbled, waste? Ice Blade and Night emperor did get the wealth of the six guides…and all of their wealth ended up in Gold cang’s hands. It should be worth at least several tens of billions of mixed elements. That was considered a waste?

“Greed is something all warriors have.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but sigh, “The difference is whether one can control it or not.”

“You three!”

Gold Cang roared, “Teleport via your god country out.”

Luo Feng was shocked. He was trying to make the three of them leave first? Wouldn’t that reveal their god country location? Wouldn’t Gold Cang be able to to follow them after? With his strength…the moment he entered the enemy’s god country, whether it was Piercing Tiger or Purple Clock, the god country would probably crumble.

“We have to leave first?” Purple Clock raged, “Gold Cang, you are much more powerful than us. Even if you teleport via god country, none of us would dare follow you. Hence, from what I see…we should leave according to our strengths, the strongest should go first and the weakest last.”

“Right.” Piercing Tiger roared too.

“I agree.” Luo Feng nodded.

They were very clear that they had to work together now.

Within the dark treasure room, Gold Cang who was covered in lightning roared, “Anybody who betrays me…will die!!!”

“Even if we don’t betray you, we will die too!” Purple Clock’s eyes gleamed with ferocity

“I’ve already suffered heavy damage and will take countless years to recover. Gold Cang, don’t push it.” Piercing Tiger’s eyes were filled with madness. How pitiful was he, he didn’t even get any treasure and yet he was so heavily injured. As an emperor, he still had some pride. The long periods of time have made it so that many of them did not fear death, and choosing to self destruct was a common thing.

Luo Feng looked at Gold Cang.

It was obvious that an unspoken alliance between the three weaker warriors had formed.

“Ah?” Gold Cang’s eyes gleamed with lightning. He looked curiously at the group, “What guts!”

“I’ve already activated my virtual world broadcast.” Purple Clock gritted his teeth at Gold Cang. “Everything here on out would be recorded. If you dare make a move, even similar camp allies attacking another, no one can protect you!”

“Broadcast?” Gold Cang looked mockingly at Purple Clock, “This tower jams all signals and cant even be detected. You can only use the basic recording with your own vision. I’ve long ago warped the light around and noise travels straight into your brain. You have no way to record this.”

“Ah…”

Purple Clock’s expression changed.

“Haha…this tower, even the most expensive scanners are useless before it, and even god energy is useless. Although your virtual world device has some recording ability, but anything recorded and not broadcasted can easily be edited, it cannot serve as evidence at all. What’s more, I control the light and sound, haha…” Gold Cang looked madly at Purple Clock, “For you to block that aboriginal’s explosion and go undamaged, looks like you have some treasures on you.”

“That human had blocked it too.” Purple Clock looked over nervously.

Luo Feng’s expression changed when he heard.

“Him?”

Gold Cang looked curiously at Luo Feng. “His strength cannot compare to yours, but his defenses are absurd. He must have some special techniques or something. Relax…you all, I will settle you one by one. Even though I cannot get the treasure in here, combining the wealth from the three of you, it’s considered a small compensation.”

The three of them were all shocked, Gold Cang had revealed his true colors.

“Don’t get too cocky.” Piercing Tiger said hoarsely.

“Shut up! You are so heavily injured, that your explosion won’t even harm me in the least.” Gold Cang mocked. “I’m not even interested in your little wealth. I value these two more.” He turned to face Luo Feng and Purple Clock.

“Don’t force me.”

Purple Clock raged, flipping his hand and brandishing a black crystal. A terrifying energy rippled from it, “If forced, we will all fall together!”


Chapter 844: Then You Should All Die

Piercing Tiger stood with Luo Feng, while shocked at the black crystal ball which seemed normal, but the energies it emitted weren’t ordinary at all.

“It’s a flame god crystal, and an extremely advanced one.” Luo Feng thought. “It is at least a tier higher than even the one I bought!” He had spent 800 million before to buy a high emperor flame god crystal. But, this one was obviously on a different level.

According to its characteristics.

Naturally there were thunder god crystals and water god crystals. However, in terms of explosive power, the flame god crystal was the cheapest to purchase, as it was the most common. The others had other special qualities and were useful in other situations, naturally warriors would still purchase them.

“Hahaha…” A booming laughter, Gold Cang’s voice resonated within his chest.

Purple Clock wielded the flame god crystal.

“Threatening me?”

“You are threatening me?” Gold Cang’s voice was like thunder. His huge body was over looking Purple Clock. “Using that flame god crystal to threaten me? Haha, this crystal…is your most famous trump card. An A812 flame god crystal, I heard that you brought this out to scare off many opponents in the past, allowing you to survive till now. And you dare take it out to threaten me?”

Purple Clock however spoke softly, “A812 flame god crystal, is an extremely high level item.. It is akin to three times a pinnacle emperor’s explosion. Just this one…took up all of my wealth back then.”

“A812?” Luo Feng thought.

The more power the crystal had, the higher the price.

A crystal with the power of a high emperor’s explosion was worth 800 million. This A812 crystal however, would require at least twelve billion points. Purple Clock probably had to spend even more without any discounts. For such a huge sum, it could make many emperors bankrupt. Many would choose to spend it on strengthening themselves, or buying weapons and so on. Very few would actually purchase a crystal like this.

“You are right.”

“I’ve used it to survive many times.” Purple Clock’s voice was thin as he continued, “I believe that this time will be the same.”

“No use, it has little threat to me.” Gold Cang said confidently.

“Three times pinnacle emperor strength…it definitely cannot kill you, but within this little space, it can definitely destroy 5-10% of your undying body.” Purple clock looked at him. “You are already injured, anymore and you would take very long to recover.”

Gold Cang nodded, “Well said!”

Gold Cang turned to Luo Feng, “Human, this Purple Clock seems like trouble, I think I’d rather kill you first.”

“Hmph.” Luo Feng remained silent.

…

The atmosphere in the room was tense. All three weaker warriors looked at Gold Cang’s presence which had forced them to take out their trump cards. Should their trump cards prove terrifying enough, Gold Cang would have to withdraw.

If they didn’t have anything, then he would make his move!

This was normal in a fight between warriors.

At this level, these beings were ancient with millions of years behind them. Even if they could suppress and kill the enemy, they would first completely overwhelm them. If they came out with everything immediately, forcing the enemy to brandish a terrifying flame god crystal, then both would simply fall, wouldn’t that be silly?

It was possible to have two casualties, they normally wouldn’t risk such exchanges.

“What a pity, your threat is too low.” Gold Cang revealed a bright smile, “Then…you all will die first!”

“Move!” Purple Clock roared.

“Kill!” Piercing Tiger instantly burnt his undying body.

“Give it everything!” Luo Feng replied.

The three weaker warriors immediately understood that Gold Cang’s final decision was to kill them all! Even if they died, they wouldn’t let him get off easy, even though they couldn’t deal with him, almost like three ants going against an elephant.

“Rumble…” Vast lightning energy surrounded Gold Cang and spread throughout the room.

“Kill!”

He wielded his thunder pike and had already burnt part of his undying body, making the others tremble from his energy ripples.

“He’s burning his undying body, he’s trying to settle this fight quickly. Killing us with the least cost.” Purple Clock communicated to the other two. “Don’t hold back, use everything.”

“Ah!!!”

Piercing Tiger let out an enraged howl. He was already heavily injured, it was almost like an ant trying to shake a tree, as he ignited his entire undying body to explode. The explosion filled the entire room. His power only about 20-30% that of Qiu Chi Ka’s explosion.

Piercing Tiger had finally died!

“Idiot.” Gold Cang shook a little, not even caring about his actions.

“Yang.” Purple Clock howled, “We’ve got to give it our all!”

His eyes were filled with madness. However, no matter how much he shouted at Luo Feng, Luo Feng wasn’t an undying, he had no undying body to burn, how could he go all out?

“Die!” Gold Cang’s eyes were condescending and cold.

“Human, you sure are useless.” Purple Clock lost the madness in his eyes, leaving only coldness. A purple membrane appeared throughout the surface of his body, as an ancient clock covered with mysterious engravings appeared. Luo Feng didn’t even recognize the words.

The clock gave off a terrifying pressure.

Hua!

The clock suddenly changed and flew up, swiftly expanding before engulfing the entire room! The room was only that big. Hence, Luo Feng and Gold Cang had no space to dodge, as the entire room was covered with the clock.

The purple ancient clock seemed to hold an eternal age within. The powerful energies made Luo Feng tremble. “True treasure, this is a true treasure. Back then the treasure that Yan Zhu emperor had gotten and used from his father, even its power didn’t seem as strong as this one. This was definitely a true treasure that knights used.”

This clock…was an ancient treasure with vast power.

…

Within the room…

All three warriors were caught within. The entire clock had a diameter of 16m, covering more than half of the room surface.

“Purple Clock emperor!” Gold Cang looked shocked at him, “You, you…”

“You all know I use fire clocks to attack and the purple clock membrane for protection, but no one knows that my true treasure is this mysterious ancient clock.” He mocked within, ordering, “Gold Cang, you wanted to kill me, so don’t blame me for killing you instead. Two pinnacle emperors and one emperor limit have already fallen to this clock before. You and the human will die today!”

“Human, you sure are useless, you should die too! With you dead, that mysterious defense treasure will be mine.”

Two separate voices were heard, each in Luo Feng and Gold Cang’s minds.

After which…

Purple clock took a step back and walked out through the ancient clock. He had long melded with it, and was able to fuse it into his body and pass through it. When he stepped back, he placed the black flame god crystal worth over ten billion mixed elements within the clock.

“Not good.” Gold Cang’s expression changed.

“Trouble.” Luo Feng saw the crystal and it was already erupting.

“Explode!” Purple Clock laughed.

Simply relying on himself and the clock alone wasn’t enough to kill Gold Cang. Even though his treasure was powerful, there was a limit to which it would extend his powers. Even though Luo Feng had the Sha Wu wings…he couldn’t possibly kill an emperor limit.

Hence Purple Clock had to use the flame god crystal.

This crystal had the power of three pinnacle emperors’ explosion. In theory it could barely damage Gold Cang. However, the situation at hand was different. The entire explosion was contained within the ancient clock, and fine tuned further by its special qualities into a focused attack. It was completely directed and with Purple Clock’s control.

That attack would hit Gold Cang!

This would raise the strength of the attack by ten times! That way, even an emperor limit would fall. Unless this emperor limit had the king armor or other such heavenly armors, or some incredibly valuable treasures like this ancient clock.

Before when purple clock experienced Night emperor and Qiu Chi Ka’s explosion and came out undamaged, he had the purple clock membrane protection!

Ever since he acquired the ancient clock…he had killed other super powers and used large amounts of wealth to strengthen himself, such as buying the incredibly expensive flame god crystal. However, he remained low profile, as those that had witnessed his moves were killed.

“Killing that human and Gold Cang will give me a huge windfall again. Gold Cang even got the other warriors’ wealth before, and his own wealth should be huge too. I’ll use that to buy two more flame god crystals.” Purple clock pondered within. “And that human…even though he’s much weaker, his defense is shocking. He may have some ancient treasure like my ancient clock.”

Purple Clock anticipated within…

“Die, go and die, everything is mine!”


Chapter 845: Big Winner

The three aboriginals in the control room watched everything through the scanners, observing everything that happened within the treasure room.

“Kill each other.”

“The more you kill the better.”

“Go for it.”

“Just die.”

Pu Ai, La Di Mo and Men Bu were all very excited, and they watched the projection happily. As survivors of the tragedy, they treated all other races as enemies. Especially those that participated in the outer region wars, they hated them the most.

Because their race was almost wiped out due to the four pinnacle races forging the battlefields.

“Just to forge the battlefields, they had to destroy our race.” Their hatred ran deep.

However to the four pinnacle races…

It was like a few powerful lions establishing an area to fight, the rabbits that occupied that area first naturally had to be gotten rid off. To the lions…eating the rabbits was like stepping on ants. However to the rabbits and ants, the lions became huge enemies.

Between races…there was no mercy.

“Die, all of you die.” The aboriginals watched with hatred in their eyes.

The purple clock seemed extremely ancient, filled with a blur of engravings that gave off powerful energy. With a rumble, the explosion erupted within it and even though the entire force was channeled into one direction, it still formed a huge ripple outwards.

Rumble!

A formless ripple spread out through the clock! Rumble! It rushed straight back at the skinny Purple Clock’s body. Though it was diffused by over 90%, the force still made his body crumble before reforming. He was however smiling excitedly, and his eyes were filled with anticipation. “Gold Cang, Human, you will all die and the treasures will be mine! All will be mine!”

…

“Ahahahaha!” An enraged howl came from Gold Cang’s throat, his eyes were filled with rage.

“Purple Clock!!!” He stared hard.

Boom!

The ancient clock howled as the terrifying force condensed within it shot out in one direction…straight at Gold Cang! At such close distance, Gold Cang had no way to dodge, he instantly received the terrifying attack.

The force which was supposed to explode in all directions concentrated on him instead, as it’s strength was amplified by ten times!

It originally only had the strength of three times a pinnacle emperor’s explosion. But, now it was ten times more!

“Rumble…” Energy swelled within Gold Cang’s body, he had already burnt 3% of his undying body earlier to solve the fight fast. But before he could do anything, he got trapped in the ancient clock. If he burnt more undying energy, at emperor limit, he could withstand the blast for awhile.

However it was useless.

He only withstood it for that instant. His initial strength from burning his undying energy could stand up to the blast for that one instant.

But in terms of quantity, that 3% of his undying energy was instantly used up.

While taking on the attack, he burnt more undying energy trying to withstand the blast, and at that instant, he knew, “It’s over! I’m dead!”

“My disciples.”

“My teachers.”

“I, Gold Cang bid you all farewell. I hope in the distant future that I will be revived and will be able to see you all again!” His eyes were filled with hurt as he howled with rage amidst madness. “Purple Clock, you want to kill me? You will die too!!!”

“Explode!” He chose to self destruct at the final moment.

Normal attacks like the flame god crystal explosion killing an emperor had destructive effects, these attacks destroyed energy itself. Just like when Gold Cang destroyed 50% of Night emperor’s body, it didn’t create too much ripples around.

However if one chose not to withstand the destruction, but rather self destruct.

Just like how Night emperor’s explosion was huge…it was akin to Gold Cang becoming a flame god crystal explosion himself!

“Rumble…” The crystal energy boiled.

“Rumble…” Gold Cang’s explosion was even more terrifying.

It was like two flame god crystals exploding simultaneously, the power was terrifying.

…

Outside the ancient clock.

“No!” Purple Clock’s expression changed. He had been outside the explosion area all this while, with the ancient clock protecting him by controlling the direction of the blast. He naturally felt the powerful blast heading over in his direction! The moment he could not control the direction of the blast anymore.

The energy would burst in all directions.

His clock membrane could diffuse 90% of the force. But, the final force was still enough to completely destroy a pinnacle emperor! This was after all the explosion of an emperor limit and was akin to another flame god crystal!

“Bind!”

“Bind it!!!”

“All in one direction, all in one direction!!!” Facing death, he gave his all to control the ancient clock, trying to control Gold Cang’s blast too along with the initial crystal blast, pushing it all downwards!

Binding and pushing it all in one direction would make that side suffer greatly.

The other areas would receive much less damage.

This way, the force actually hitting the clock itself was much weaker. But, it was obviously very hard to control so much power, even with the ancient clock.

“Bind!” He burnt his undying energy, while his eyes filled with madness.

Hua hua…

Burning his undying energy almost like a turbulent flood was pouring out, he madly used the strength he gained from it. His gained enormous strength in his final bid to control the blast from Gold Cang along with the flame god crystal!

The two forces united!

They were focused in one direction!

Downwards!

Rumble…the force slammed against the ground of the treasure room, this was within the ancient clock’s area.

The walls and surfaces of the room were incredibly strong, as it could even withstand the blast of a pinnacle emperor. One had to know that was already the strength of a knight’s normal attack. An emperor limit explosion however…concentrated by the ancient clock had ten times the strength.

The ground instantly received over 100 times the force!

Rumble…

The metal surface of the room began to tear apart, the center spot where the chest lay naturally received the attack as well! Even as the ground tore apart, the twelve chains connecting the chest to the ground had incredibly strong defenses, as the twelve chains remained undamaged by the force.

“Si La…” The force pierced through the ground.

The other regions below the room however were much weaker. When Night emperor exploded with only 50% of his undying body, it already reduced the surrounding 60km area to nothing, but this attack was much stronger.

Rumble…

One could visibly see the force being pushed downwards!

The twelve chains and the chest on the ground were knocked far away, the fore of the attack destroyed a world ring that unleashed a large amount of items.

It created a 6,000km deep cave downwards before it dispersed, as everything within the area was destroyed!

…

Gold Cang had suffered a tragedy, Luo Feng didn’t do too well either.

When the flame god crystal was focused on Gold Cang, some of the force hit Luo Feng, this threat wasn’t too huge and he could withstand it. However when Gold Cang exploded…that was trouble, even though Purple Clock forced it all down, the straggling ripples about were still plenty powerful.

Luo Feng was hit by about 50% of an emperor limit’s explosion!

“Dodge!”

When Gold Cang exploded, Luo Feng instantly knew it was dangerous. He hid his human body right away in the internal world.

Unlike using a world ring to retrieve items, Luo Feng’s three bodies could instantly switch or enter the internal world. The internal world was used to nurture them with the core within, even though he hid within, he hid the original core in a world ring within the Sha Wu wings.

The Sha Wu wings had long been melded into his body.

His muscles were completely melded with it and the world ring was the same, naturally he could put the world ring in.

As such!

This was the safest way!

Rumble, the silver wings hid the world ring and was knocked downwards. At the same time, large amounts of other items outside were forced downwards with it. Actually, that world ring was something Luo Feng specially ordered, it’s defenses were incredibly strong.

Jus the force of the attack alone wouldn’t break it. But he didn’t dare gamble, hence he placed it within the wings.

…

When the wings hugged the world ring, the chains, the chest and the metal fragments, Gold Cang’s world ring was instantly destroyed and it unleashed a large amount of items. The wealth of the other emperors from the past and his own…they were all knocked downwards.

“All mine!”

“They are all mine.” When the ground was completely destroyed, Purple Clock who had burnt his undying energy to control the blast shouted, he had already used 26% of his undying body, it was a huge loss.

“It’s worth it!”

“Completely worth it!”

“All the treasures from the emperors and an emperor limit’s wealth, that human’s defensive treasure and the chained chest, everything is mine. Losing my undying body…it’s worth it!” Even though he was shocked by the ground crumbling, he rushed down straight after the treasure immediately.


Chapter 846: Race, Rise!

The impact of the force created a deep ditch that went straight down. However, Its diameter was only that small.

“Peng! Peng! Peng!” The large amount of treasures couldn’t possible fall down straight into it. Hence, it was like broken glass clanging against the sides, all sorts of items fell and bounced from side to side…

What a mess.

However, Purple Clock’s eyes gleamed with excitement.

Even if a normal person seeing a large amount of cash fluttering around in the streets, covering the entire street…even though it may be messy, he would still be excited.

“It’s all mine.”

“Hahaha…”

“I’ll buy two more flame god crystals later on.”

“And I’ll buy a slot to study the Flame clock god mountain, and large amounts of recovery treasures, also…” He rushed downwards and swiftly collected the falling items, excitedly planning his next steps.

All sorts of treasures were thrown around.

Like the Purple Clock, it was something even knights would value. The Sha Wu wings, it would even make knights go crazy for.

Or something even higher, that universe masters would use.

And all sorts of things like the general armor, or other things.

In all…

It couldn’t be counted! Treasures were needed for exploring dangerous regions, and needed for battles, one had to buy some in bulk!

“Hahaha… this is thrilling, thrilling.”

“Too thrilling.” Purple Clock rushed down and collected whatever he found.

…

Sou!

The Sha Wu wings continued to fall, and beside it was the chest and the large amount of treasures.

“I actually get to collect so much too, haha.” A metal fragment floating beside the wings fell with it. It was a G grade metal transformed by the mosha clansman. Of course, it only copied its energy sense, as it was still soft and energy based. The mosha body was unable to completely turn itself into a G grade metal.

Sou!

The wings disappeared and was kept in the internal world. The world ring was then kept with the mosha metal fragment, as it was impossible to scan within the tower. With energy ripples continuously spreading around from the blast, Purple Clock had no way to discover this from above.

“This chest is mine too.”

Sou!

The chest bounded by twelve chains connected to that metal fragment, it suddenly vanished.

“Gold Cang’s thunder pike? Hehe, it’s actually undamaged, it’s mine now.”

“What is this? Space ring? World ring? Hm, looks like its from Gold Cang’s broken world ring, there are other rings inside, I’ll take them all!”

“Hehe…This device storing the Purple god tree marrow sure is durable. It hasn’t broken even after hitting the walls so many times, I’ll take it too.”

“Wa, this is worth one billion mixed elements, I’ll take it.”

“Take take take!”

“I’ll take them all!”

The Mosha body metal fragment easily swept through the large amount of falling items, almost like cash from the sky. Luo Feng didn’t care, collecting as much as he could. Purple Clock was collecting treasure from above too. The two of them, one from above while the other was below, were collecting treasures.

“Hm? Where’s that chest” Purple Clock frowned as he rushed down. “Did it hit the walls and fall somewhere along the side?”

This was a 6,000km long ditch, naturally it connected to several pathways along the way in the tower. Hence, some may have bounced around and flew into the sides.

“I have to find that chest. All of the treasure together probably wouldn’t even add up to that chest’s worth.”

“And that human.”

“I wonder what treasure he has.” Purple Clock thought. When Gold Cang exploded, large amounts of treasure flew in a mess against the silver wings. With the huge amount of items that were scattered around, Purple Clock had no way to distinguish which belonged to the human Luo Feng.

“I’ll first look for the chest.”

“That’s the most valuable. As long as I can get it back, I’ll find a way to open it.” He began to search around, occasionally discovering other treasures along the way and keeping them. He only kept them in his space ring, as he has had many experiences in his life.

He had experienced many things, he knew of special life forms, things that didn’t seem like life forms from appearance, but once they were kept in a world ring, that would be trouble. Hence he kept all the valuable items in a space ring.

“No matter how small, it’s still something.”

“This is afterall a G grade metal, I’ll take it.” He collected little and big fragments of metal. The metal was very valuable too. Any single one was a normal undying’s entire wealth, and if added together, they were worth over a hundred million mixed elements.

“Where is that chest?”

“Where is it?”

He looked about nervously, unable to find it.

“What’s going on, just where did it go?” He was getting more anxious. That was the treasure he most valued from the tower, yet he couldn’t find it.

“Xiu!”

Purple Clock once again collected a metal fragment.

Rumble, the space ring automatically rejected the metal fragment.

“What’s going on?” He was shocked, turning fast to look at the metal fragment.

“Hahaha…”

A silhouette appeared. It was the silver winged Luo Feng, the metal fragment landed in his hand as his world ring melded into his skin, the mosha body had returned into the internal world.

“You, you, you…” Purple Clock stared wide eyed at the silhouette.

Silver armor and wings, floating and flapping there, Luo feng smiled at him and said softly, “Thanks Purple Clock.”

The three aboriginals in the control room had been watching everything from the start, only when the huge explosion earlier destroyed the room and large amounts of the tower’s construct, they lost vision for awhile but quickly regained sight.

They clearly saw Purple Clock rushing down and collecting treasures. They also discovered…the treasures below were disappearing mysteriously, and finally when Luo Feng showed himself, they were all shocked.

“It’s that human.”

“He survived.”

“Even that powerful invader has died, and yet the human survived. No wonder the elder said…some warriors of the four pinnacle races have many treasures and techniques. We cannot take our revenge yet. It sure is terrifying…that powerful invader, even with his strength, he still died. And that human seems to only have high emperor level strength but he still survived.”

Pu Ai, La Di Mo and Men Bu couldn’t help but feel shock.

The greatest winner of this treasure hunt…seemed to be that human.

“He’s the real winner.”

“Hm, the treasure in that room is in his hands.”

“There are countless techniques in the inheritance room, but the most useful treasures for our race are all within that treasure room.” The three of them were regretful. Especially the god master Pu Ai, when Qiu Chi Ka died, he naturally became the strongest leader of their race. He felt the pressure of leading the race and was responsible for their survival.

He needed to live up to the elder before.

That was why the pressure of the race’s survival normally landed on the strongest warrior.

“I didn’t expect that they’d manage to destroy the treasure room.” Pu Ai sighed. “I wanted to wait till they teleported via god country out and get the treasure. But, now that the room is gone, the chest has become theirs too. Even the tower…having been pierced through 6,000km, the engravings about have been gravely damaged, it’s only about 20% functional. The tower is now useless.”

“Let’s go back.” He looked at the other two. “The chest has been taken by the invaders, the valuable engravings left by the knights have been greatly damaged and are now extremely weak, the tower is useless.”

“Hm.” Men bu and La Di mo nodded.

“At least we got the inheritance.” Pu Ai sighed softly, “At least with that, our race has a future.”

Earth recognized early on the importance of inheritance and culture.

And to the trillions of races in the universe…

Every race had countless years of techniques and training methods accumulated throughout the years. These were the most important things to a race. When all the top warriors of a race are killed, the surviving weak undyings would be the only ones remembering the techniques they had, these were insufficient to strengthening an entire race.

Without the countless techniques…over the long passages of time, they could face destruction again. As for gaining strength, there was almost no way to do so.

With the race’s techniques…now they had hope.

“Tower, self destruct.” Pu Ai ordered, “You will leave with us.”

“Yes master.”

…

Within the vast god country, the three aboriginals appeared in mid air.

“God master.”

“Where’s the elder?”

“Why hasn’t the elder returned?” The other emperors asked.

La Di Mo, Men Bu and Pu Ai had grief in their eyes. Pu Ai pointed at the space pathway: “Crumble!” The entire pathway instantly crumbled.

“The elder…he has fallen for the race!” Pu Ai said softly.

The other emperors were stunned.

“But his death has given our race our inheritance!” Pu Ai howled. “The countless techniques from before the great disaster, techniques suitable for our race people, we’ve retrieved them all. With this, our race will grow and will rise again!”

“Rise! Rise! Rise!”

The emperors all felt grief from the loss of their elder. At the same time, they also felt a strong burning faith, and hope for their future.

Their race…would rise again!


Chapter 847: Gold Armored Beast

Pu Ai destroyed the pathway and didn’t care anymore about what happened within the destroyed tower. They were now focused on nurturing the later generations of Yan Ji warriors.

Within the tower.

The skinny Purple Clock looked malevolent. A purple membrane was glowing on the surface of his body, and the pressure emanated throughout as he stared at the silhouette.

Luo Feng naturally flapped his wings and smiled at him.

In terms of build, Luo Feng was considered normal amongst the trillions of races. This Purple Clock emperor was 1.6m tall and skinny, it made Luo Feng seem bigger.

“I underestimated you.” Purple Clock said hoarsely.

“I didn’t expect you to be so scheming too.” Luo Feng said softly.

“The treasure was mine, but I didn’t expect you to get it in the end. After Gold Cang’s death you probably got a bunch of the treasure.” Purple Clock gripped his scaled claws tightly. Obviously he was raging within, as he had thought he would get all the treasure. But now he had only gotten a fraction of it. Of course he would be angry!

“The treasure should be yours?”

Luo Feng mocked, “There’s Piercing Tiger, Night emperor, Ice Blade and Gold Cang’s treasure within too! This tower’s treasure…should be the Yan Ji people’s! Which of it is yours?”

“I won the final battle, it should naturally be mine.” He snorted coldly

“Battle after battle with the warriors falling one after another, leaving only the two of us.” Luo Feng laughed. “During this battle…any survivor is a victor, and I’m the true victor.”

“Scheming.” Purple Clock snorted.

He had burnt his undying body, and spent a flame god crystal to kill Gold Cang. Yet, most of the treasure ended up with Luo Feng.

“You are not too bad.”

“First, you hide your strength even though you could deal with me. Yet you’d rather burn 3% of your undying body to hide your strength. Making that Gold Cang…fight it out against the others, such as Night emperor, Ice Blade, Piercing Tiger and even up to the last moment, you still made me go all out! It’s obvious, that you made us use up Gold Cang’s strength before finally using yours.” Luo Feng said, “I’m nowhere as scheming as you. The only thing is that I managed to hold out!”

“Cackle…”

Purple Clock let our an ear piercing laughter. “Well said, I’ve outdone you, but your defense and techniques are still stronger than mine.”

“However!”

“The treasure will still be mine!” His voice resounded within the ditch as he rushed straight at Luo Feng.

The moment he moved, Luo Feng flapped his wings and unleashed strike travel.

Xiu!

His speed accelerated as he rushed in an arc and fled through the pathways.

“You can’t escape!” Purple Clock had a clock silhouette about his body as he chased.

Shua! Shua!

The two of them got further and further. Even the emperor limit Gold Cang couldn’t manage all the twists and turns in the tower that well, and had relied on other methods to slow down Luo Feng. As for the weaker Purple Clock, he had no way to stop Luo Feng…Luo Feng instantly got so far that he was out of sight.

He was out of sight and couldn’t be scanned.

“Bastard.” Purple Clock raged, unhappy, “I must kill you, I must.”

Luo Feng had gotten most of the treasure and he knew about Purple clock’s great secret…that ancient clock.

These two points had made Purple Clock want to kill him.

“I must use everything to kill him.”

“A strong trump card is ones hidden ability. The moment the others know about my ancient clock, they will be prepared. And the super beings…may make a move against me to take my treasure.”

“I have to kill him as soon as possible.”

“Chase.”

He flew as hard as he could. Even though he couldn’t see Luo Feng, he could only use his max speed to fly out of the tower.

Luo Feng flew out of the core area and through the living quarters, finally flying out of the entrance and out of the tower.

“I’m out.” He looked about at the vast ground about, smiling.

“I was chased so much in there.”

“I have no way to unleash my strength within the tower, it was tiring. The pathway was at most 1km wide. The golden horned beast would be squashed within.” Luo Feng smiled and immediately swapped bodies. It took less than a second…for a huge beast to appear in mid air.

It was over 100km long and completely golden with thick limbs and gold wings. Even it’s eyes were dark gold in color.

“Howl…” Hot air burst from its nostrils.

“I haven’t truly fought since acquiring the King armor. Purple Clock will be the first one.” The beast lay on the ground, it easily pushed it aside and lay there. To the beast, the thick layers of mud and gravel was like air resistance to a human on earth.

…

The beast stared at the entrance, and it was almost like a giant waiting for an ant to appear.

“This human is weak and cannot teleport. As long as he gets discovered outside the tower, he cannot escape, I can teleport to him!”

“Human, you cannot escape!” Purple Clock became a beam of light and flew out the entrance of the tower.

Sou!

The moment he was out, he madly unleashed his undying energy about, wanting to scan in all directions. He also relied on his scanners and released his law domain…in all, he was using everything to locate the human as quickly as possible.

“Ah!” He was shocked to discover the huge beast before him, he looked up at it.

The beast that was lying down was still over 80km tall. Their size difference was like a normal human looking up at a beast that was ten times taller than the Himalayas.

“What a huge beast, where did it come from? Demon clan? Space Beast?” Purple Clock looked on curiously.

“Howl!”

The beast had been waiting patiently. The moment Purple Clock appeared, he didn’t even hesitate in waving his right claw. The claw was much thicker through the beast god transformation. It was one entire time bigger than a normal Golden horned beast’s claw, that huge claw was terrifying.

Hua!

One slash!

The space around crumbled as the gravel and mud flew about. The beast and Purple Clock were thrown into a space slit.

Rumble…

One was patiently waiting, and the other was stunned and wanted to test the strength of this huge beast. All in all, the huge claw landed straight on Purple Clock.

“Rumble…” Within the space slit, countless space flowed madly around Purple Clock as he steadied himself.

“Howl…” The beast rushed over.

“What a terrifying beast!”

“He’s actually pinnacle emperor!” Purple Clock was shocked.

Hua!

The beast was huge and had the King armor on. With just a flap of its wings, its speed was several times that of his human body. Purple Clock controlled three fire clocks to defend himself only to have them slashed apart.

“Its speed is even more terrifying than that human!” They had exchanged two blows, and Purple Clock was already knocked back.

“At my pinnacle form, this beast won’t have any advantage.”

“However, I lost great amounts of my undying energy in the tower. Hence, my strength isn’t even half of its peak.” He was angry and anxious.

He really wanted to look for Luo Feng and not fight this beast.

“What’s going on, where did that human go? How did this beast suddenly appear? Right…this beast is very similar to the legendary silver winged emperor, with it’s huge body, crown on its head, thick limbs, and the wings. The only difference is it’s color, it’s completely gold. Changing color is easy, but this should be silver wing emperor. Silver wing is from the human camp…that Yang was a human too, this beast could be invited here by him.”

“Bastard!”

“It’s the worst case scenario, the moment he exited the tower he called for help! This gold beast must be the first one, and others may arrive soon.” Purple Clock had no choice but to decide to leave.

Shua!

He teleported and vanished.

Only after he vanished did the beast vanish too, and the earth body appeared.

“Hm…” Luo Feng nodded. “Without a doubt, the beast has emperor pinnacle strength. Even though it’s lacking in the law comprehension, its law fusion amplifies it ten times. Along with the pinnacle technique, it makes it have pinnacle emperor strength.”

“But the weakness is still obvious.”

“A true pinnacle emperor is either proficient in teleportation or time stop, they all have powerful law abilities.” Luo Feng thought, “Looks like I still need to get stronger, I’m still lacking.”

The beast was very strong, but it didn’t have teleportation or time stop. The two were absolute techniques for those either trained in space or the time laws.

Luo Feng lacked a trump move.

But he had the Sha Wu wings and King armor for survival.

Sou! He became a silver beam of light and swiftly left the space slit, returning to Yan Ji main continent and taking a ship, flying at sub light speed…

…

In the distant air above an icy ground.

“Human!”

“Human!” The scaled and malevolent Purple Clock clenched his fists, as large amounts of energy causing explosions about that caused tornadoes of snow and ice over 10,000 km around.

“Taking the treasure that belonged to me, and the treasure of the tower!”

“And he knows my secret.”

“I…must definitely kill you, I must.” His eyes gleamed madly as he pondered on a plan to deal with Luo Feng.


Chapter 848: Locked Treasure Chest

A black disc flew above the main continent. Luo Feng lifted two cups of wine within the control room.

“Night, Piercing Tiger.”

“Even though I wanted to save you two, I had no power.” Luo Feng said softly. “The evil of the universe caused two warriors to fall, and the strong survived. Let’s hope that I’ll see you again in the future.”

“True Yan and the Primal Chaos city leader told me before, there are dangers all around. One always has to be cautious. Back then, the master of the Yun Mo planet Hu Yan Bo had left one final saying to Babata to tell me, for me to always have respect for the universe and never get arrogant.” Luo Feng sighed. “This was formed from experience.”

“I had thought…a pinnacle emperor would be absolutely safe on Yan Ji continent.”

“I had thought…an emperor limit would be safe within the entire outer region wars.”

“I had thought…having teleportation would make it almost impossible to die.”

“But the fact of the matter is that within a tower here in the main continent, Night, Piercing Tiger, Ice Blade and Gold Cang…all fell. Even an emperor limit fell.” Luo Feng sighed, “And Gold Cang lost to one that was weaker than him, one cannot get careless at all.”

The results of the battle made him reflect a lot.

The special environment of the tower made it so that no one could teleport or scan, and this naturally resulted in such a huge loss. If they fought in the air above Yan Ji continent, Gold Cang who was proficient in time laws, he naturally wouldn’t be able to stop those proficient in teleportation. Those that couldn’t win would have long fled.

“Can’t be helped…”

“This is the universe, and just a small tower of the Yan ji continent. Like countless other dangerous secret regions, there are too many unknown dangers.” Luo Feng thought.

“No matter when, I must always be on alert, and never get arrogant. If I can get such a huge lucky encounter, other geniuses may have gotten them too, or even better.”

This battle ended with four emperors dying!

What kind of tragedy was this!

It made Luo Feng realize the importance of caution. When he got the Sha Wu Wings and King and general armor before, he had gotten confident and was proud. Just like how the city leader had regarded his encounters…his encounters were simply average.

The King and general armor only adds to his exterior strength. As his own strength rises, the usage would diminish.

“Hm?”

“A call request?” Luo Feng frowned.

Virtual universe, within a bar of Hong alliance city, Luo Feng sat in the corner with another human.

“Tian Chen, why the rush to find me?” He looked at this human before him. This was a friend he had made for many years. Tian Chen had grown up in the same time as Night emperor, they were both core members of the Huge Axe Dojo. The two of them had always been rivals, yet it was a deep and complicated relationship.

“Yang, Night is dead.” Tian Chen’s eyebrows were very long, it made him look very serious all the time. He exclaimed, “Before he died, he left me a message, saying that Gold Cang killed him. He died on Yan Ji main continent and there are only three human emperors there including him. You are there too, and you are his good friend right. Do you know anything?”

“Right, he was killed by Gold Cang.” Luo Feng exclaimed. “He was forced by Gold Cang to self destruct.”

“Who is Gold Cang?” Tian Chen asked.

Even though Gold Cang was renowned on the main continent, he was afterall from another race, a warrior from the automaton camp. Tian Chen naturally didn’t know who he was. Even within the Hong Alliance’s over three million emperors, he only knew a small group of them.

“Gold Cang is dead too.” Luo Feng said.

“Wa…” Tian Chen was shocked, nodding, “Hm, life and death is part of the universe. Dying is inevitable. Come, let’s drink.”

“Ok.” Luo Feng drank with him.

Luo Feng didn’t wish to speak too much about the matter. Him and Purple Clock were fated to settle one day, he didn’t wish to drag Tian Chen into it. Whether it was him or Purple Clock, they both had huge amount of treasures on them with powerful survival tactics. And even though Purple Clock didn’t get the chest of the tower…he still managed to get close to half of all the other treasure.

The large amount of treasures represented huge wealth.

Purple Clock was completely able to buy flame god crystals and other treasures to strengthen himself.

“The next time we battle will be even more dangerous.”

“He is afterall an emperor that has killed an emperor limit.” Luo Feng didn’t dare get careless. He didn’t know that including Gold Cang, Purple Clock had killed two emperor limits in total.

“I have to think of a way to settle him.”

Purple Clock thought of Luo Feng as an enemy and was working on a way to kill him. Naturally, Luo Feng was doing the same.

Within his world ring, the mosha body and golden horned beast appeared.

“Tower chest.” Luo Feng saw the item right in the middle, the chained chest.

“All of the other items added together will still be far from this chest.” Luo Feng thought. “just the protection on it alone cost tens of billions of mixed elements. The treasure within must be shocking as well. Hm, let’s try and see if the mosha transformation can fake a Yan Ji person and open the chest.”

“If it’s not possible, then I’ll have to take a trip to Primal Chaos city to see my teacher and ask for his help.”

This chained chest, Luo Feng thought that even his teacher True Yan would have difficulty opening.

To the city leader however, it would be extremely easy.

Even though he did not want to bother his teacher, for the treasure within, he was willing to take the trip. His teacher would easily open it.

“Let’s give it a shot.”

“Change!”

Black clothed Luo Feng became energy and reformed into a six armed Yan Ji clansman. There were remains of corpses all about the tower before, and many of them were sector lord pinnacle bones, their strongest part of their bodies were the bones. Like the Yun Mo planet master’s disciple, even after tens of thousands of years, his gold bones were still perfect.

Sector lord pinnacle, their bodies were strong, they were the strongest part of the body.

The bones of a sector lord were closely compared to the body of an undying. Hence, in terms of decay, the bones could last a lot longer. Luo Feng had planned to deceive the chest into opening, hence he brought one of the bones back. Using its genetic makeup, he cloned the make up of a Yan Ji clansman.

“Natural ability…cloning!”

The Mosha clansman changed its energy and took on one of Qiu Chi Ka.

Afterall, he had only seen one living Yan Ji clansman, Qiu Chi Ka. As for the fallen clansmen about…he didn’t have a guarantee as to whether a dead warrior’s energy would work. Hence he picked the living one he saw.

“Talisman.” Mosha Luo Feng flipped his hand to produce a talisman. It had his spirit imprint within. The three bodies all had the same imprint, naturally it recognized him as its master and melded with his body.

“Everything is ready.”

“Genetics, energy, talisman, I have everything. I wonder if it’ll work.” Luo Feng walked to the chest.

The twelve chains were still linked to the metal fragments and binding the chest shut. The chest had mysterious engravings all around. Luo Feng took a deep breath and extended his right hand to rub it.

Di!

The chest’s scanners activated.

“It must work, it must.” Luo Feng anticipated within. Even though he could easily get the city leader to open it, within, he would rather not if he didn’t need to. He wanted to rely on himself. Only if there was no other way, would he look for help to open it.

“I wonder how advanced this chest’s scanning system is. Let’s hope it works.”

…

The scanning system of the chest actually wasn’t as advanced as Luo Feng had thought. It only scanned two things. One was the talisman and the other was the life energy! As to the genetic makeup…different races naturally had different make ups, but there were ways to deceive it.

The life energy however was always different, different forms of life had different energies, different races had completely different energies as well.

Humans had different energies from each other.

However, among the entire race, they were still considered similar.

Humans, when compared to the bug race however had completely different energies, and this was almost impossible to imitate. Other than the very few special races that had special abilities, these natural abilities were things given to them by the universe. It was something that couldn’t be trained.

Di.

Life energy…confirmed!

Talisman…confirmed!

Pa! The lock on the chest began to loosen.

“Hahaha…” Luo Feng who was waiting anxiously revealed a smile and flipped it open.

Within the chest lay three world rings.

With a scan of world energy, he found that the three rings didn’t have a master.

“I’ll look at them one by one.” Luo Feng began to check the rings, sending world energy into the first one. This had a vast world within, there were metal mountains within and countless valuable liquid rivers. There were also many E grade ships, along with countless items almost like locusts.

All the goods were in huge numbers.

“Damn.”

“This, this, this…” He was shocked.

He lifted the second ring and the third.

“Damn.”

“This…I’ve struck it rich.”

“A race’s treasures, even when the Yan Ji race was still strong back then, this should still be a huge portion of it.” Luo Feng was shocked from the amount of treasure. He had no way to know that back then, the knights knew that they wouldn’t survive, hence they had placed all their wealth into the hundred true sacrificial towers.

This was 1% of the entire race’s wealth!


Chapter 849: Engraved Weapon

The treasure left behind by the people of Yan Ji was shocking.

“My god.”

“I’ve really struck it…” Luo Feng blinked, and his body was trembling. “I’m rich, really rich! It’s no wonder Gold Cang and the others went all out for this. Even Night and Piercing Tiger were filled with hope. Looks like they’ve seen more than me and knew of how shocking the treasure is.”

“Shocking.”

“It’s madness.” Luo Feng muttered.

The three rings all had different levels of treasures, of which there was a message in each of them.

With a flip, three metal fragments appeared in his hand. On them was a blur of Yan Ji continent words, they explained the treasures within.

“Survivors, the rings have different leveled treasures for the sector lord, domain lord, universe level, star and star traveller level. Even though they are very cheap, they are huge in numbers, and are able to fill the entire world ring. In total, they add up to a huge amount of wealth, you all have to use them wisely. Considering the trillions of years needed to nurture our race, control the portions given out. Nurturing the later generations is the most important, because these weak but growing clansmen are our future. These world rings… represent our future.”

“Clansmen, within this ring are treasures for undyings. Even though the numbers cannot compare to the ring before, it still adds up to a huge sum. Survival will be extremely hard after the tragedy, the undyings will have to open their own living spaces, they require enough treasures to explore the universe.”

“Clansmen, this final ring holds a complete engraved weapon. This is our clan’s highest achievement. Over countless years, the knights worked hard to construct this, and they only managed to construct not even a hundred of them. And these weapons along with the other treasures from us knights have been separated into hundred towers. Some of the towers have the engraved weapons while others have knight’s weapons. Even though…these weapons have little usage for knights, they are still priced as high as other items used by knights, because they have great abilities. As for how to use them and what they can do, the weapons themselves have explanations on them. Even though there’s only one engraved weapon here, its price far exceeds the other two rings!”

Luo Feng looked at the three fragments and was stunned.

Three world rings.

One was for below undying…sector lord, domain lord etc…the weaker clansmen.

One was for undyings.

One was for the top of the race…This was the engraved weapon!

“Absurd.”

“This engraved weapon is their highest achievement? Constructed over countless years, not even a hundred of them have been made? Its price far exceeds the other two rings?” Luo Feng retrieved the only weapon within the third world ring with a thought.

Hua.

The weapon was small and delicate, similar to an armband, and its material was mainly black with some Hazy Star belt feeling.

“How do I use this, it has an explanation?” Luo Feng pondered but couldn’t understand it, sending some world energy into the armband to investigate the weapon. His world energy was imbued with his own spirit imprint as it activated the band.

The weapon instantly recognized its owner.

“So convenient.” Luo Feng easily got it to recognize him as its owner, as a message began to relay within his consciousness.

The message explained the details about the weapon.

It was called the Space Lock band, and there were less than a hundred in the universe.

The most mysterious thing about the Yan Ji race was its Yan Ji engravings. It was something the ancestors chanced upon and comprehended a long time ago. It was a path suitable for the people of Yan Ji. The tower uses the most basic form of the engravings.

The tower has countless engravings, the final ones have space abilities.

However as these were solid engravings, they required a carrier and had a huge limitation. It couldn’t be used effectively in battle. Hence, the ancestors created the stronger void engravings. Every engraved weapon has complex void engravings within, and the moment its energy is triggered it would cause the engravings to scatter around space.

Spread over an area, controlling anything within.

The optimum energy source is an undying crystal It is best not to use one’s own undying energy, as the weapon energy consumption is incredibly shocking. And once the source is depleted, if one uses his own undying energy, it would be burning his own undying body. That wouldn’t be worth it at all.

The universe has all sorts of undying crystals. The stronger the energy, the longer it can be used.

The Space Lock band spreads its void engravings over a domain and the space ripples within are locked.

It disables teleportation!

Hence, this is a space warrior’s nightmare. Of course, it would also affect the user, making both parties unable to teleport! Hence…this band is most suited for one proficient in time laws. To the time law warriors, who are able to unleash time stop and disabling their enemies from teleporting…their advantage would be huge.

This band has void engravings within.

Hence as long as one brings it around, with the user as the source, it can unleash its space lockdown anywhere, and will be much more efficient than the towers. The towers’ spaces have limits, its very hard to bring it around with the user, and in battle, simply destroying the engravings in the towers would stop the effect. The void engravings however cannot be destroyed.

The space lock area can be separated into three levels.

First level, area with a diameter of 10,000 km will be affected.

Second level, diameter of 100,000 km will be affected.

Third level, diameter of one million km will be affected.

The larger the area, the more the energy usage will be. Only use it against a true enemy and during a life or death crisis. Use it sparingly. This was the message, and it wished for the warriors of the race to rely on the engraved weapons to protect their people and rise up again!

“Damn!”

“Damn!”

“Damn!” Luo Feng felt his blood boil, as he was extremely exited, cursing!

“I, I’ve, I’ve really made it. This is huge.” Luo Feng reflected on the information again. He had truly gotten a huge reward from this encounter. When he first saw the engravings within the tower, he was already eyeing them.

During the battles, he would get the advantage.

However once the battles grew more intense and the towers began to crumble, and with the limits of space within, Luo Feng could only ponder.

“Engraved weapon? Yan Ji engravings?”

“This is the path the ancestors of the Yan Ji people happened to chance upon?” Luo Feng exclaimed, “Impressive, there are solid and void engravings.”

The three world rings, especially the third one, truly made Luo Feng happy and surprised.

“Let’s give it a shot.” He couldn’t bear to wait as he extended his left arm.

Hua!

The band stuck straight to his arm and melded with his skin, simultaneously the black surface cracked open, revealing an energy input spot.

“It requires a high undying energy source?” Luo Feng smiled. “I still have two flame god crystals, and every one of it is worth two hundred million points. Also, just one alone is akin to a low emperor self destruct.”

Flame god crystal, thunder god crytals etc…

They were condensed undying energy, which were able to be used as energy sources or bombs! In truth, back when the automatons designed them, they were made to give large amounts of pure energy. Later on, they were discovered to be good in battle too, especially the flame god crystal, it became a bomb for many warriors.

“Pa.” Luo Feng flipped his hand and put the crystal into the input, taking up only a third of the space.

Chi chi…the input immediately sealed up and the energy poured in.

KA! The surface sealed up.

The entire band was now solid.

“Haha…” With a thought, his silver armor covered the band and protected the band well. Actually, the construction material of this band was incredibly expensive, and the chained chest was even more solid, where even knights would find it hard to destroy it. “Space Lock!”

The band had long recognized him as its owner, he could easily trigger it.

“Smallest area, diameter of 10,000 km. Space lock.” Luo Feng easily triggered it.

With the two hundred million points flame god crystal within, it had sufficient energy to trigger. Weng…with Luo Feng’s arm as the core, a formless energy instantly spread in all directions, it was a ripple similar to that of space energy.

Diameter of 10,000 km.

The skies, mountains, grass and mud below…had translucent engravings appear throughout. These void engravings of the Yan Ji appeared occasionally, even with a punch, it hit nothing, because there was no way to destroy these void engravings.

One had to destroy the arm band to destroy the engravings.

“Haha…” Luo feng smiled with glee, surveying his surroundings and looking up and down.

It was real.

And with the Mosha body’s sense of space, it could clearly feel the universe space within the 10 km area locked down, without a single ripple of space, one couldn’t teleport at all.


Chapter 850: A Bucket of Cold Water

“Space lock, it’s truly space lock. Good, good good.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with excitement.

“Space lock!”

“This is like having great comprehension of space itself.” Luo feng was excited as he was clear on just how valuable this engraved weapon was.

The space laws could be split into teleportation, twist and lock.

Every one of them had their own sub divisions. As long as one reached a high level in any one of them, they would be able to get the recognition of the space law. However, to reach the limit of any one of them was extremely hard. Any warrior who is able to do any of these would…normally all be at pinnacle emperor level.

Few high emperors could do it.

As this relied on law comprehension, some high emperors may be weaker in certain aspects, but strong in their law comprehension, hence they could use it.

“With space lockdown!”

“Combined with my Sha Wu wings…I, Luo Feng, truly have the right to stand ahead of countless of undyings.” Luo Feng was happy within.

…

He was too excited, dreaming about different scenarios.

“Ah, right, shut off the device. This consumes energy constantly. Hm, it’ll hit ten seconds in a bit, shut off!” Luo feng deactivated it. The engravings that appeared throughout the 10,000 km area all disappeared.

“I wonder how much energy it took up.” Luo Feng checked to see.

The armband screen displayed…energy remaining 98.9%.

“My god.” Luo Feng stared wide eyed, “Only 98.9% left? This, I only used it for ten seconds and in its smallest area, and this is a flame god crystal worth two hundred million points, its usage is so fast?”

In just ten short seconds, it used 1.1% of the energy within the crystal. Each one of these were worth 200 million. That meant that in ten seconds it used 2.2 million points, while sixty seconds would use 13.2 million points.

“A minute of it uses 13.2 million points?”

“One minute alone would use up an official’s wealth?” Luo Feng took a deep breath. He finally got an understanding about the fairness of the universe. Such a heavenly weapon, did not require any prior training. Just equip it with an energy source and it could use space lockdown. If the energy usage was low on top of that, it would be unbelievable.

One minute, would consume 13.2 million points.

“It’s no wonder the ancestors of the Yan Ji people said that its usage is shocking and should only be used in a crisis. Use it sparingly. Right…unless it is absolute necessary, I cannot use it. This is a black hole that sucks up unlimited resources!” Luo Feng shook his head.

After acquiring the engraved weapon, he was extremely excited. However, the extreme energy consumption was like a bucket of cold water over everything, it woke him up.

“I cannot use it unless it’s absolutely necessary!”

“I definitely cannot use the engraved weapon, unless it’s the last resort. Otherwise it would simply be a huge loss.” Luo Feng muttered. Even so, he was still very happy. This space lock band far exceeded the amount of wealth from the previous two rings, it was true. This was an absolute trump card against the space law warriors.

“I have to verify the contents of the two rings.”

“Just how much are the treasures in the other two rings worth.”

…

The two world rings along with some treasure from Gold Cang and the others, Luo Feng had to calculate them on a whole. However, as the numbers and variety were too huge, he and Babata worked hard but were still unable to find an accurate price.

…

Via the virtual universe network, via some friends in the Hong alliance, via the shops in the Hong alliance city, and via his status as the disciple of the primal chaos city leader and other pathways.

It took a total of seven days for him to finally get an estimate for all the goods.

“The first ring, even though its most valuable items are only suitable for sector lords, the amount is huge. The countless items can form a continent…In total, it’s worth about 221 billion mixed elements.”

“The second ring holds items for undyings. Even though the number of items are much lesser, however in all, it’s worth about 285 billion mixed elements.”

“The third ring only has that one engraved weapon. These are extremely rare in humanity itself, they are almost non existent. There’s no accurate price for it. This weapon…it cannot be priced with money, and it can only be exchanged with other valuable items. It’s price far exceeds the two other rings before.”

“The goods I got from Gold Cang and the others are worth about fifty three billion.”

“In total.”

“There is a complete engraved weapon and the items are worth 560 billion mixed elements.”

Within his study in Yu Xiang mountain.

The palm size Babata sat and looked at the screen with Luo Feng, they were both stunned by the final tally of numbers. Both of them exchanged glances.

“Luo Feng, you’ve really struck it big.” Babata blinked.

“Haha…” Luo Feng smiled.

Indeed.

The amount he got from the tower felt like it gave him a whole new life. Ever since becoming the disciple of the primal chaos city leader, he had interacted with his other seniors. Most interaction was with Gold Axe knight and some other knights like Evil Gun knight. It opened his perspectives. He had also checked before and knew how shocking these absolute warriors’ wealth was.

Normal undyings usually had about 10,000 mixed elements.

Officials usually had about ten million.

Emperors usually had about ten billion. This was the standard for high and pinnacle emperors, and emperor limits would normally have between tens of billions to hundreds of billions.

Warriors like True Yan, who are invincible amongst emperors and akin to a normal knight, had wealth of hundreds of billions or even more.

Of course…

These were only estimates. In truth they would spend most of their wealth on ships, plant life forms, weapons, treasures etc…they normally kept very little. And for True Yan to so easily exchange the Beast God seven forms for Luo Feng, to have so much liquid cash around…that was shocking.

Even with his earnings this time from the tower, Luo Feng wouldn’t be able to produce so much cash.

And as one got stronger, especially advancing towards the knight’s level, the treasures they needed were extremely rare and few, many couldn’t be purchased with money. They could only barter! Like this engraved weapon, it couldn’t be bought anywhere.

The wealth of the warriors were mostly fixed assets.

Luo Feng’s assets were huge, the Sha Wu wings, Beast God armament, engraved weapon, inheritance crystal…these were all fixed assets and they weren’t worth selling, because he could get cash for them. But, cash may not necessarily get some treasures. Luo Feng may need a certain treasure in the future.

But that treasure may not be bought.

He could then publicly announce, “I will use this engraved weapon with the space lock down ability to exchange for a certain treasure.” This would have a much higher chance of succeeding. Warriors wanting to get the weapon for their students and so on would then be willing to barter with him.

“I’ll keep the most valuable treasures.”

“Those that are useless to me or common in the universe, it’s best to sell them as soon as possible.” Luo Feng thought.

The best items were those that fit him.

Other emperor treasures may not necessarily fit him.

…

Once everything has been decided, Luo Feng began to secretly deal with the large amount of goods, like the sea of items in the first ring. The Hong alliance city did business mostly with emperors. Hence, there was no way to sell these normal goods to them. And with such numbers…the shops couldn’t deal with so much either, he could only sell it to the Virtual Universe Company.

Luckily the buying department of the company showed him respect as the disciple of the city leader, they didn’t dare push the price down too low.

“Sold!”

“The useless and common items have all been changed to cash.” Luo Feng was very busy but happy.

Just as he was selling treasures through his various connections, there was a day he suddenly received a mail from a good friend in Hong alliance city.

The details were simple… “Yang, I heard you received treasure from a sacrificial tower in Yan Ji main continent?”

“What.” Luo Feng was shocked from the mail.

The human Yang was his alias. After all, the news of Luo Feng being the disciple of the city leader had long spread about. The warriors in the universe had all been searching for this Luo Feng, he naturally didn’t dare reveal his identity. The identity of Yang was low profile, just like a normal emperor.

However now that this identity was involved in the treasure of a sacrificial tower, it would make this low profile character gain the attention of many greedy people who were eyeing the treasures.

If someone like Gold Cang had gotten the treasure instead, the other emperors would not dare go mess with him.

But Yang?

That newbie?

True treasures could only be held by absolute warriors. It would be strange if no one planned to steal from him!

“Mo Na emperor, where are you?” Luo Feng immediately contacted him.

…

After awhile, within a restaurant in Hong alliance city, Luo Feng chatted with a fox tailed handsome Mo Na emperor.

“Mo Na, where did you get that information?” Luo Feng was anxious. “Which bastard spread it, isn’t this sabotage?”

“I was shocked when I heard it too. If it was false, this bastard must be completely evil.” Mo Na shook his head and smiled, “However the news that had spread seems too real, and it even sent out accurate coordinates in the universe. They are…and there is indeed a tower there. The news checks out, Yang, you did get a treasure from the tower there! And many warriors have actually gone to check out the coordinates and tower there. It has spread throughout Yan Ji continent…even some emperors at Star tower and other places have heard of it.”

Luo Feng’s expression was ugly.

Coordinates?

“Purple Clock emperor!!!” He raged within.


Chapter 851: Rumors

One had to know that when Mo Na emperor sent over the mail, Luo Feng had already suspected it was connected to Purple Clock emperor. Now that he knew about the news of the tower being public, he could almost confirm it was him. This conclusion was also based on Purple Clock’s insane character.

“Purple Clock, I haven’t begun to search for you and you’ve already started looking for trouble.” Luo Feng cursed within, “Looks like you really want to kill me!”

“You’ve got guts.”

“You’ve really got guts, you aren’t afraid that I’d share the news of your ancient clock.”

Actually when they left the tower, Purple Clock had thought hard and understood one thing. If the human had no way to deal with him, he wouldn’t let it rest. It was very likely the human would spread the news of his ancient clock, and since the human would fan the flames of his treasures, it was better to force him out early, killing him was the right thing to do.

If the human wanted to kill him and get the ancient clock, he naturally would spread the news of it. Even so…it meant that the threat of that human was even bigger. This was to the point that he had the ambition to take his treasure, he should be destroyed even earlier.

Hence, Purple clock had to make the first move!

“Vicious.”

“Vicious. I wanted to wait till I got a bit stronger before dealing with you. Since you’ve already issued the challenge…then let’s do it!” Luo Feng was filled with killing intent. “A kind person gets bullied, they all think that my persona Yang is easy to bully. I’ll have to search for a chance…to completely massacre him.”

Battling over and over to deal with the greedy warriors was a very stupid thing.

The best day to deal with this was to make it a true bloodbath by showing his strength and scaring off the others. It would make them all know just how powerful and dangerous Yang was. Naturally they wouldn’t dare pick a fight with him without a grudge. They wouldn’t unnecessarily come try their luck.

Afterall, there were a whole bunch of emperor limits with large amounts of wealth in the universe.

As long as they were strong enough…no one would bother them.

…

Mo Na looked at Luo Feng said softly, “Yang, are you ok?”

“No problem, I was just thinking of the trouble this is going to cause.” Luo Feng smiled coldly. “Looks like it’s one of those with a grudge against me.”

“Don’t be afraid to call me for help, we human warriors aren’t that easy to mess with.” Mo Na spoke. “If you get friends from the human alliance…we’ll just fight it out.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Mo Na emperor, thanks for informing me. Otherwise I would still have been oblivious.” Luo Feng said.

“Ah, it’s not your fault. This news was spread amongst the other races and later to the human camp. I came immediately the moment I heard.” Mo Na said.

Luo Feng nodded, “This is troublesome, I’ll leave first to ponder on how to deal with it.”

“Go on.” Mo Na told him. “Be careful, the outer region war has a great mix of other races, you have to be vicious with the greedy ones and make them fear you. If you are soft on them, more of them will come.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded.

Looks like…

It was time to massacre!

Yan Ji main continent.

“The news is real. There have been some emperors that have broken into the tower and searched it.” Two automatons sat facing each other. The taller one emphasized, “They discovered a G grade treasure room and a destroyed room, but the treasures were already taken!”

“G grade metal room?” The smaller automaton was shocked, “Looks like there truly was a treasure.”

“Many other race warriors in the main continent have already checked up on Yang through many routes. However, no one has found him.” The taller one said hoarsely. “The moment anyone discovers him, it would be a big fight, and many other races would jump in.”

“Pa Ci.” The shorter one smiled, “Will you join them?”

“Haha, this human is weak. He’s probably a punk that just became an emperor. What right does he have to hold such treasure, I will definitely go.” The taller automaton said.

“The both of us should cooperate, we’ll also split the treasure in half.”

“Ok!”

…

The two automatons formed their alliance. In Yan Ji main continent, the emperors were usually very free, since emperor fights hardly ever reached a fatal stage. Now that the news of the treasure of the tower had spread, a fire had erupted within the entire continent. Even the warriors in Star tower and other places rushed over.

A storm was brewing in Yan Ji continent.

Even the officials around had been ordered to scan and constantly search for the human Yang, the weird thing was…

They couldn’t find him!

“Cowardly human.”

“Despicable human.”

“He must have been scared off, leaving the outer region wars.” Many warriors on the main continent cursed.

The most worried and anxious one was still Purple Clock emperor. Within a dark ice mountain.

He sat crossed legged on a frozen rock, His eyes gleaming coldly, while muttering, “The entire continent has been searched over and over, where did he go? We can’t find him? Hmph, I’ve already forced his hand and yet he still hasn’t even revealed the secret of my ancient clock.”

“Looks like this human Yang has huge ambitions.”

“He’s obviously guessed that I let out the news. Theoretically, he should have done the same about me. Yet he hasn’t spoken…looks like he’s waiting for the chance to kill me and take my treasure, he must have some guarantee.”

“Human…”

Purple Clock was actually quite fearful of Luo Feng.

Because back in the tower, Luo Feng had survived with his terrifying speed and defense. And he was able to hide his life energy almost completely until he was sucked into the world ring. All these things showed that Luo Feng had some terrifying moves.

Would Purple Clock underestimate such an opponent?

“I have close to 100 billion indigo gems this time.” He thought. “I better prepare well. This human has completely hidden himself, and the moment he shows himself it would be crazy.”

Whether it was Luo Feng or Purple Clock.

They were both very clear, on the fact that after they left the tower, they would be sworn enemies. When Purple Clock revealed the news about the tower…the two of them were set to fight to the death!

…

Within the twenty sixth camp, Luo Feng lay within his pool. The mountain peak had white snow all over, the pool however was warm. Mist filled up the area and Luo Feng lay there casually.

Right, while the entire Yan Ji continent was searching for him, he was within the camp. Actually, the moment he got that large amount of treasure, he swiftly headed towards the camp, because he had deals to sell stuff with the Virtual Universe Company and others. He naturally had to come back to the base.

“Looking for me?”

“How will they find me when I’m in the base?” Luo Feng lay relaxed within the pool.

Suddenly, three silhouettes flew over.

“The Virtual Universe Company people have come.” A silver armor appeared on his body and his wings unfolded. He flew out of the water and onto the peak.

“How do you do? I’m from the Virtual Universe Company. The leader of the group was a handsome three eyed man with a golden robe.

He was here on orders of the boss. The boss didn’t even reveal the status of the client, only telling him to not ask random questions. This made the emperor level three eyed man know that the client was linked to the highest of levels. His boss was a knight and was one of the upper echelons, yet even he acted like that..

“I know.” Luo Feng nodded, tossing out a world ring.

The three eyed man received it and scanned with his undying energy, simultaneously the ring recognized him as the owner as he tossed a scanner in. Both human and machine scanning simultaneously, he even said, “As this involves a huge amount of treasure, this may take awhile.”

“No rush.” Luo Feng stood there.

About three minutes later.

The scanner had finished and the emperor had finished as well.

“The goods are complete.” The three eyed man smiled at Luo Feng. “The money has already been transferred, we shall not disturb you further.” He was clear on how shocking the amount of wealth was involved in this deal. It exceeded over 200 billion mixed elements, this silver winged and armored warrior definitely wasn’t ordinary.

…

The deal with the company was the fastest. The other routes were much more troublesome. Some were sold to people, while some were sold to shops, and some to other race warriors. As the deals were huge, many other race warriors had to come to the twenty sixth camp personally to check the goods.

The entire process took close to one month before it was completed.

“Ha…” Luo Feng stretched and lay in the pool, smiling, “It’s finally over. My wealth is now about 560 billion mixed elements!”

“Such a huge sum.”

“It may be a small amount to the knights, but to the emperors, it’s extremely wealthy.”

“I have to think of how to use this.”

“Do I use it on Deities of the world etc, or to strengthen myself?”

“Or do I use it on the 1,000 vine star eating plant and other plant life forms?”

“Or do I buy automaton weapons? After I buy them, even if I don’t use them, I can sell them later. Or should I order strengthening treasures for myself and the plant life forms, however I cannot sell them back for money.”

He lay in the pool and considered his options.

560 billion mixed elements, leaving it in the bank was a stupid thing to do. It was best to strengthen himself in various ways.


Chapter 852: Name Fei Mo

Spending 560 billion was easy, but spending it wisely was not so easy. Luo Feng had many dreams while laying in the pool. As there were simply too many treasures in the universe, even though he knew many of them, there were still countless others he didn’t know about.

“I have several trump cards now.”

“The Golden horned beast, the bug clan, the flame god crystals, space lock band.” He pondered, “I should strengthen the strongest asset.”

“Bug army!” Luo feng’s eyes gleamed, standing quickly, “If I can make Queen Alina become an undying, as an undying queen…she can lead an undying army and that’s considered invincible amongst anyone below knight level. If that succeeds, spending all of the 560 billion would still be worth it.”

The more he thought about it, the more he got excited.

The queen could separately control 10,000 bug soldiers, who were all able to use law infused attacks. She may be able to use a million soldiers too, but they wouldn’t be law infused attacks and only directed attacks instead.

Back then, when the queen had controlled 10,000 undyings, its power was already heavenly.

If she controlled a million?

She would be Invincible!

The more he thought about it, the more his eyes gleamed. He couldn’t help it anymore, “I’ll go ask Alina.”

…

In his internal world, bug clan island.

Shua!

Black clothed Luo Feng appeared within the world and floated above the bug clan island.

Xiu! The absolute beauty Alina flew straight up and bowed before him, “Master.”

“Alina.” Luo Feng asked immediately, “How much you would need to breakthrough to undying?”

“Master, you…” She looked shocked.

“Just speak.” Luo Feng said, he felt wealthy.

Alina smiled, her voice clear and crisp, “Master seems to have a shocking amount of wealth. However master, a bug queen breaking through to undying is an extremely hard thing to do, just the materials alone would cost close to 100 billion mixed elements.”

“I’ll buy it.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Let me finish.” Alina said. “This is only the external requirements, there are still internal ones! The queen would have to have extremely high levels of law comprehension, be it space or time laws! Just having gold, or wood and the other basic laws isn’t enough to become undying, she needs great comprehension in either space or time too.”

Luo Feng frowned.

“Master.”

Alina explained, “The true intellectual beings of the universe all require great law comprehension to become undying! Just the materials alone is not enough. Like humans, no matter what, they at least have to have one of the smaller laws to become undying. If they don’t even have that, having treasures is useless. And a bug clan queen is the same, as one of the pinnacle races, it’s extremely hard to break through. Both the materials required and the law comprehension required are extremely high.”

“The cloud contact vine you use is different. The plants have low intellect, hence they have no requirements for law comprehension, and can just evolve. And the universe would naturally give them a law suited for them after evolution.”

“However such things…”

“Can only happen for the low intellectual creatures such as plant life forms, bug soldiers and so on.. The other life forms all require law comprehension.” She said. “I’ve only comprehended the fire law, and I’m still far from comprehending the space laws. No amount of treasures can make me breakthrough.”

Luo Feng was somewhat disappointed, but he understood.

Right, those bug soldiers that could be produced in bulk were purely almost mindless creatures. The cloud contact vine and star eating plant only had their basic emotions too, when they became undying, only then could they truly communicate via consciousness!

“The other intellectual begins, humans, automatons, demons, bug clan queens, gold horn race, Yan Ji aboriginals and so on, the hardest part about becoming undying for all of them is the law comprehension.” Luo Feng sighed. He had initially simplified it too much. He thought that the queen could simply evolve with resources, since the soldiers definitely did so. But the queen was a true intellectual being, and the requirements for her law comprehension were very high, but hers were far from ready.

“My law comprehension is still insufficient, you don’t have to prepare resources for me.” She smiled, “However, when I’m almost there, I will rely on you.”

“Hm, no problem.” Luo Feng replied easily, he still felt disappointed within.

He had gone in full of hope only to have his dreams shattered.

“Right, the undying bug queen is invincible below knight level. How could it be so easy to breakthrough.” Luo Feng immediately sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe.

…

Virtual universe, Luo Feng’s villa in Yu xiang primal region.

Luo Feng sat at his desk and looked at the screen, searching information on all sorts of treasures.

“Black hole weapon, able to form a small black hole at point of target, only knights and above can survive?”

“Soul laser, triggering a light beam from within a universe secret region. The moment it is triggered, a normal knight would be injured too, anything under would definitely die?”

“Wind slicer weapon, it’s a special wind formed in a secret region, and even a knight hit by it would have his undying body slashed apart. This weapon is formed from the wind slicer itself, anything under knight won’t be able to survive…”

“Ka Suo weapon, a special metal named after the founder, this metal has strong destructive abilities against undyings. A dagger made from this metal can instantly kill an emperor limit, destroying his undying body completely.”

There were many weapons.

These were all weapons that could be ordered, and many that humans themselves created.

Luo Feng searched with the key words, anything under knight will not survive, easily flipping through 203 weapons, he stared wide eyed.

“My god.”

“All of them can kill anything under knight?”

“Why do undyings seem so fragile? Also, some weapons have primal powers, they can even heavily damage knights?” Luo Feng was stunned. There were twenty one automaton weapons within, and three human weapons. The rest were special weapons formed from special materials.

“However, it’s no wonder I haven’t seen anyone use any of these in the outer region wars.”

“Who could use such weapons?”

“The moment one uses something like that, countless emperors would target him to take his treasure.” Luo feng looked at the list and thought, the cheapest one here was six trillion! The normal ones were ten trillion…these prices were enough to make even a knight feel the pinch.

Anyone with one of these weapons was holding a true piece of treasure.

How much was the sacrificial tower treasure worth?

A weapon costing over ten trillion mixed elements, if revealed, would make countless undyings go crazy for it!

“I can only look.”

“I cannot buy them.”

He suddenly felt very poor, not even having enough for a part of one weapon. He actually knew that for weapons like the black hole device, it seemed very complex just from the surface, and the requirements for building it must be extremely high. The soul destroying laser, the wind slicer…to retrieve materials such as the slicing wind etc and storing them well for frequent usage, they were places that even knights could fall within, the prices would naturally be absurd.

…

Since the queen couldn’t evolve to undying, and he couldn’t afford these weapons, he could only think of other methods.

Hence…

He began to study and research the many items within the treasure trove that he couldn’t see with his status. He also relied on his 560 billion wealth…to enter the shops in the Hong alliance city and view the VIP areas. These were areas frequented by knights.

“I only found three materials for Deities of the world level three in the treasure trove, but the shops in the Hong alliance city actually have eighteen of them, it’s almost all here. However, they are really expensive.”

“It’s extremely hard to reach far in Deities of the world.”

With his status and research, he spent over a month’s time before finally deciding on what to buy. He knew that this windfall may take forever to happen again.

Spending about 110 billion mixed elements to allow the Golden horned beast to train its deities of the world to sixteen times amplification. (He only spent 10.2 billion to finish the second level initially).

Spending 130 billion to buy four flame god crystals (Each one cost close to thirty billion), and large amounts of water god crystals for the space lock armband (Close to ten billion mixed elements, the water god crystals were most suitable for the arm band).

Spending 300 billion to buy one kg of Fei Mo Liquid poison.

Spending eight billion to make the cloud contact vine evolve from pinnacle official to low emperor.

And some other little expenses were taken care of. However, he had almost spent all of the 560 billion from this windfall.


Chapter 853: Begin

Battlefield seven, twenty sixth camp, above the snow capped peaks, a silver armored and winged Luo Feng stood. He was discussing with the staff from the Virtual Universe Company.

This scene was seen by two distant emperors.

“Look, the human Yang.”

“It’s him.”

“All the other race warriors from the other camps in Yan Ji continent have all gone crazy searching for him. No one would expect him to be hiding here in the camp. Ha…the other race warriors would never be able to find him. Even if they knew he was here, they couldn’t do anything.”

“Do you…think that Yang actually got the treasure from the sacrificial tower?”

“I’ve been to the tower personally to check and there were battle scars about, it should be true.”

“This Yang sure is lucky. Look, he’s discussing with the staff from the Virtual Universe Company, he must have bought countless treasures.”

“What’s the point of being jealous, he got the treasure, what can you do about it?”

“Right, I cannot do anything, who would dare make a move on an ally? However I dare say…if it weren’t for the army system, there would probably be other humans making a move on him.”

The two other race emperors gazed at the mountain peak hundreds of km away. With their vision, they could see every hair on Luo Feng’s face even at such distance.

They watched as they discussed.

…

The news of Yang being in the twenty sixth camp spread quickly, causing the many other race warriors on Yan Ji continent to curse.

“Coward!”

“Weakling!”

“Cowardly punk.”

“This human is actually hiding in the camp, bastard!”

“Let’s go, leave Yan Ji continent! This human is so scared he’s hiding in the camp, what can we do? Even knights cannot do anything, we are just wasting our time. Let’s hurry back to star tower! There may be other treasures there!”

The many warriors began to grow disappointed. They had guessed before that the human Yang may leave after getting the treasure, however they never got accurate information, and didn’t trust one another.

Afterall, the chances of getting treasure in the outer region wars were extremely slim.

“Human!” Purple Clock raged within a cave. “Prudent and yet cowardly.”

“However, you hiding in the camp will make the others see you as even weaker, and it confirms that you have the treasures!”

“However, I do know…”

“Your cowardice is all an act.” Purple Clock had been extremely alert about Luo Feng. He had battled with him before, and throughout the treasure hunt in the tower, Luo Feng had remained low profile. Yet he never backed down in face of danger, knowing when not to hold back, “Knowing the right time to act, and vicious at the the right moment.”

“Human Yang, what are you waiting for?” He muttered, “Waiting for the right chance to deal with me? If you want to make a move, hurry and do it.”

He had a feeling, that the human Yang was simply waiting for the opportune moment…

The two would eventually fight!

Within a specially crafted world ring.

Vast grassland.

Black clothed Luo Feng sat crossed legged, his expression serious as he looked at the black briefcase.

“Fei Mo poison!” He muttered. Within this case was the terrifying and expensive Fei Mo poison. He only had ten billion left from the 560 billion. He had almost spent everything and of which, the most expensive thing he bought with 300 billion mixed elements was this one kg of poison.

“Careful.”

“Any leakage and my Mosha body will be destroyed.” Luo Feng took a deep breath. He didn’t even dare deal with it in his internal world, he was worried that any leak would cause the world to crumble, that would be an unjust death.

The mosha body was within the world ring.

His body could be produced again even if it fell, and this was a new world ring. Even if it crumbled, it meant nothing.

“Open.” Luo Feng gently opened it.

Pa!

The black briefcase opened and revealed ten crystals, every one of them brimming with terrifying purple liquid, flowing about.

“Fei Mo poison, ten vials, and every one with one hundred drops of Fei Mo poison.” His eyes gleamed.

Fe Mo poison: Just one drop was worth 300 million mixed elements. A powerful chemist from humanity Fei Mo had created this, hence the name. It was a powerful corrosive agent, specially used to corrode undying bodies. Normally ten drops was enough to kill an emperor limit. As for one hundred drops or one vial, was able to kill an invincible emperor like True Yan.

Its power was terrifying.

But its weakness was obvious.

Firstly, it was a one time use item and diminished easily.

Secondly, it only works after making contact with the undying body, most warriors all wear armors and the poison has no effect on armors. Hence, one has to tear through the armor and let it touch the enemy’s skin. Or attacking a place that wasn’t protected like the face…

Also, it was a liquid that had to be carried by an agent, like rubbing it on a weapon and attacking after letting it dry. When the weapon slashes through the enemy…only a small portion of it may actually enter the body, dealing too little damage.

Lastly, if a hundred drops entered True Yan the first time around, with his strength, he would discover the poison destroying his body. He would instantly give up fighting and would start to focus on his undying energy to push the rest of the poison out. By then, only one or two drops would have probably succeeded while the others would be wasted. Hence, each attack usually did best with a little of the poison, acting before the enemy can drive it out.

Although it had its weaknesses, it was not as pricey as other heavenly weapons.

Like the Ka Suo dagger, it could be used over and over, piercing into an emperor limit would instantly kill him. Whether it was longevity or effectiveness, it far exceeded the Fei Mo poison. However its price was absurd too.

…

Luo Feng brandished a blood shadow blade. This was a newly ordered blade, using expensive G grade metals, which were on par with the treasure room of the sacrificial tower. The Fei Mo poison was very weak on metals, and it had no way to corrode this new metal blade.

Of course, this blade cost close to one hundred million points.

“I’ve simulated it in the virtual universe over 1,000 times, nothing should go wrong.” Luo Feng carefully coated the blade with the poison. The blade was fairly small in size, and it could at most have fifty drops of the poison on its surface.

After awhile…

Luo Feng gripped his new blade and looked at it glow with purple light, smiling, “From today on, this blade shall be called Poison shadow blade. A blood shadow blade and a poison shadow blade… I’ll use the blood shadow blade most of the time and only use the poison shadow blade in critical moments.”

“I have to be patient.”

“The Golden horned beast has to train Deities of the world and the cloud contact vine has to evolve, I have to wait…” His eyes gleamed, “Purple Clock emperor, it’ll be soon!”

One year later, in his internal world.

“Howl!” The beast raised its head and let out an excited howl. It had finally depleted the large amount of resources that cost 110 billion, amplifying Deities of the world to sixteen times.

“Everything is going according to plan!” Luo Feng stood on the grass. His eyes were filled with anticipation. “Cloud contact vine.”

Xiu!

A beam of light flew over, it was the 256 vines cloud contact vine. Luo Feng had used eight billion points to evolve it from 216 vines to 256, and its power rose from pinnacle official to low emperor! If he wanted to raise it more to 360 vines (High emperor), that would require over a hundred billion points, with a success rate of less than 50%.

If nurtured from young to have 360 vines, only about ten billion points would have been required.

It was obvious that upgrading a weak plant later on would cost tens to hundreds of times more than simply nurturing a strong one.

“Hu!”

The vine flew over like an octopus instantly wrapping about Luo Feng and melding with his skin. “Master.” It communicated excitedly.

“Ha…” Luo Feng smiled.

This plant had been with him for so long, risking life and death with him, what was a few points? He would rather spend more points on this one than nurture a new one. The only thing was that he wasn’t wealthy enough right now. Plus, with threats mounting, he hadn’t reached the level of being able to spend over a hundred billion mixed elements to gamble on something with less than 50% success rate.

“Space lock band.” Luo Feng placed a water god crystal into its energy chamber.

“Silver armor.” A silver armor appeared, protecting the cloud contact armor and the arm band.

“Sha Wu wings.” Silver wings opened on his back, it covered the original sector lord energy and powerful energy emanated about.

The silver winged and armored Luo Feng smiled, his eyes gleaming.

“Babata.” He ordered, “Send a mail immediately to all the emperor friends I know on Yan Ji main continent, get their help to search for the automaton camp Qi Chang race Purple Clock emperor.”

“Yes!”

Babata immediately sent bulk mails to get help.

“I wonder if they can find him.” Babata said. “He was probably afraid of dealing with you when he spread that news earlier, he might have hidden himself.”

“If I can’t find him, I’ll put a bounty of him.” Luo Feng said softly.

Just like how the automaton Ci Wei Ka had placed a bounty on Luo Feng back then, spending up to ten million as a reward, it would make the warriors of the human camp search for Purple Clock madly.


Chapter 854: Luo Feng’s Show

As the emperor friends of his searched for Purple Clock on Yan Ji continent, Luo Feng began his trip back from the camp to the continent.

Several days later.

“Universe travel complete.”

A space ripple occurred at the travel point closest to the main continent and a black disc ship appeared.

Within the ship.

Luo Feng sat at the control room and frowned, “We have so many emperors in the human camp, yet no one has found him.”

“Luo Feng, when Purple Clock released your information before, he definitely guessed that you’d come looking for him. Hence, it’s normal that he’s hidden himself. Finding him won’t be easy.” A child head floated in the control room.

“There’s no point waking up early if there’s no benefit.”

Luo Feng laughed, “I only got my emperor friends to help keep a lookout. They would at most look around, and there are only so few of them. How vast is the main continent? Back then, when I first came here, I didn’t even meet another emperor for an extremely long time. For these emperors to find Purple Clock…it’s hard enough. Without any rewards, they wouldn’t even order their official underlings to help look. And even if they did so, the officials would only do the bare minimum, who would actually waste their energy.”

“Luo Feng, you want to give a bounty?” Babata’s eyes gleamed with excitement.

“Right, bounty!”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, “I’ve long seen through this. Regardless if it’s us or the other races, warriors all own treasures and no one would risk their lives needlessly. For the strong to have treasures is normal, and no one else would risk the danger of fighting for that treasure. The weak having treasure is completely different, many of them would come to snatch it away! I was very low profile in the past, and no one knew I had treasure. Hence, no one ever found trouble with me. However, after the sacrificial tower…with Purple Clock publicly announcing, I have no way to stay low profile anymore. Since that’s so, then I have to display enough strength to scare off the others!”

“The moment I make my move, it has to completely shock and scare off all of the other warriors!” Luo feng muttered, “Only that would be worth it!”

“That’s my aim for this time!”

“To let them know the consequences of offending me!”

That day, he sent out bounties to the countless warriors in the human camp on Yan Ji main continent. They were all shocked, because…it wasn’t a private offering, but rather a public bounty sent through the army system to all allies on Yan Ji main continent!

And Luo Feng had already transferred the reward to the army system account.

Fifty million mixed elements!

This bounty simply required one to just discover the location of Purple Clock. Once the coordinates are confirmed, that person would receive fifty million!

“Madness!”

“This human Yang sure is mad. He’s been hiding in the camp for so long, but the moment he appears, he puts a huge bounty of Purple Clock. Fifty million, we officials usually at most only have ten million in total. It takes countless years to even get that amount, and now all we have to do is discover this other emperor’s location and we’d get such a huge sum.”

“Madness.”

“Fifty million!!!”

“This Yang sure is wealthy!”

“Haha…this is getting interesting. All the other race warriors are watching him, and he still dares to put such a bounty on Purple clock. Looks like he must be prepared, and the battle will be interesting.”

“Who is Purple Clock?”

“Yang is placing a bounty on Purple Clock. Looks like this Purple Clock must have been the one that revealed information about him.”

…

The entire Yan Ji continent was in an uproar. There were afterall very few emperors, and most of them were officials and normal undyings. To them, the fifty million mixed elements was a huge sum, which was enough to make all of them go crazy. They wouldn’t dare go fight with the other race emperors, but they still dared to occasionally eavesdrop and search about.

The hunt for Purple Clock emperor had started!

Countless undyings from the human camp were madly searching about. Just like when the other race warriors were searching for Yang before, now it was the other way around. However, the human camp’s search was much crazier.

This was afterall a public bounty!

However…

One day, two days, half a month, one month…

There was no news of Purple Clock.

“What’s up with him?” Luo Feng had almost reached Yan Ji main continent in his ship. He frowned and muttered in the control room, “Not right, he let out news to force my hand, and he should be wanting me to reveal myself. Now that I’ve released a public bounty, he should have reacted. And the news of my bounty is huge, it should have reached him. He should know that I’m looking for him…”

“But he’s vanished?”

“Did he leave the main continent?” Luo Feng shook his head. No, for Purple Clock to force him to reveal himself, it shouldn’t be that simple.

“Luo Feng, I have a feeling that he’s hiding to observe what happens, he will show himself sooner or later.” Babata said. “According to the battles from the tower, he’s extremely scheming. Unless there’s no hope, he would never give up. Even against the Emperor limit Gold Cang, he still dared to attack! Against you…he would definitely not be scared away.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Automaton camp’s virtual world, within an iron skyscraper, on a particular level’s hall.

Purple Clock sat casually eating food. Suddenly the door opened and two warriors entered. One of them was completely covered in fur with a single red eye, almost like an upright beast, and he gave off a wild energy. The other was a tall and skinny warrior, over 8m tall in a silver robe and black mask. His mask had peculiar engravings.

“Purple Clock, you sure are relaxed, enjoying delicacies in the virtual world. Don’t you know that countless undyings form the human camp are madly searching for you on the main continent?” The tall and skinny man had a piercing voice as he said.

“The bounty on your head is fifty million. This is akin to our automaton camp’s one hundred million indigo gems. This is no small sum.” The beast spoke, as his voice echoed with growls of a beast.

“Blood Beast emperor! Heavy Arrow emperor!”

He looked up and revealed a smile, “Don’t I have you two? Two emperor limits here, who would I fear on the main continent?”

“Hahaha…”The beast immediately let out a roaring laughter. “Purple Clock, you are right. With us two, within the entire Yan Ji continent, none of the emperors are a threat at all!”

“Haha…” The tall masked man laughed lightly, his laughter was filled with confidence.

Purple Clock continued, “As for the fifty million bounty on me, it can only mean one thing…this human Yang is extremely wealthy. As long as we kill him, haha, I believe the rewards will definitely surprise you two.”

“Hm.” Both emperors nodded.

Blood Beast emperor, Heavy Arrow emperor.

The both of them were specially invited by Purple Clock. They were both emperor limits in Star tower. There were hardly any emperor limits on Yan ji continent. Only the most dangerous region of the area, Star tower, had such warriors.

They were both no weaker than Gold Cang.

This time, Purple Clock…had specially paid both five billion indigo gems along with 1/3 of the spoils to get them to assist him.

They could get 1/3 of the human Yang’s wealth!

Blood Beast and Heavy Arrow would even get five billion upfront. Even if they knew that Yang wasn’t one to mess with, they both still agreed.

“Shouldn’t be messed with? It’s because of that that you invited two emperor limits.”

“Purple Clock is indeed generous. Looks like that human’s wealth must be shocking too, he truly got the treasure from the sacrificial tower. Even 1/3 for us each would be a huge sum. This will be huge.”

“Hm, a high emperor, even with his trump cards and warrior friends. Who would we have to fear?”

Both emperors had conversed secretly when they were invited, finally they both accepted.

…

Purple Clock, Blood Beast and Heavy Arrow sat around the dining table and chatted while enjoying delicacies.

“Purple Clock, that human has placed such a huge bounty on you, when will you show yourself?” Heavy Arrow said softly.

“I have to first let him think that I’m weak.” He smiled. “Let him think I’m afraid…haha. I’ll first hide outside the continent, they have no way to find me. However, it’s not long before I’ll show myself.”

“I’ll suddenly appear and purposely let myself be discovered by the human camp.”

“Luring him into the trap.”

His eyes gleamed with ferocity, “Then I’ll get you two to help. Two emperor limits working together should be enough to crush him with overwhelming strength! The moment we make a move, we will completely leave him with no chance.”

“Haha, thrilling. I respect your style.” Blood Beast laughed loudly, his voice booming about, “Right, we can completely overwhelm him. I hate the long tiring fights, those are too troublesome. It’s better to completely squash the enemy.”

“Hm.” Heavy Arrow nodded.

“You two should prepare outside the continent.” Purple clock laughed. “The moment he enters my trap, I will immediately inform you two and you should teleport immediately.”

“Relax.” Blood Beast said.

“We’ll both head to the space outside Yan Ji continent to await your call.” Heavy Arrow said.

Purple Clock smiled and toasted, “I won’t make you two wait long. Come, let us toast to acquiring the sacrificial tower treasure.”

“Come, to the treasure.” Blood Beast lifted his glass.

“To the dead human.” Heavy Arrow emperor lifted his glass.

The glasses clinked.


Chapter 855: Purple Clock Shows Himself

Luo Feng was awaiting Purple Clock’s news when True Yan sent a mail to him, stating he was at Yu Xiang mountain waiting for him.

…

Within Luo Feng’s villa in primal region Yu Xiang mountain. The staff had already brewed a hot pot of tea, True Yan sniffed it before taking a sip.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng walked in, “You wanted to see me?”

“Hm.”

True Yan put down his cup and smiled proudly, “Disciple, this tea from your home earth is not bad. It’s comparable to the drinks from many other places, and the more I taste it the more I like it. I’ve added this tea to my collection, also it’s price is very reasonable.”

“Since you like it, I will let my family prepare the latest brews and send it to you and the primal chaos city leader.” Luo Feng said.

Tea leaves were a business of the Ping Hai company.

The company had some foundation in earth, naturally it would cultivate different types in different parts of the universe, studying new tea leaves and creating more flavors. In terms of quantity… naturally his family had the most.

“Haha, good.” True Yan laughed. “I’m here today because I heard your Yang identity has recently sold a great amount of expensive goods? And after checking, I learnt about the seventh battlefield’s Yan Ji continent, and that the news of you acquiring the sacrificial tower treasure has spread, is this true?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

His teacher naturally knew of his Yang identity.

True Yan was shocked, his eyes gleamed, “Any trouble?”

“Some.” Luo Feng smiled, “But I can handle it, don’t worry.”

“That’s good, I know your personality. Since you can say so, I’m not worried at all.” True Yan nodded and asked curiously, “How much is the treasure worth? To create such a fuss.”

“Hundreds of billions of mixed elements.” Luo Feng didn’t hide at all.

True Yan stared shocked, “Hundreds of billions? You are not joking right? For a place like Yan Ji to have treasure worth tens of billions is already not bad, how did it get so high?”

Luo Feng smiled.

“Haha, lucky fellow, I truly got a good disciple.” True Yan laughed loudly, and his eyes pleased. “Disciple, I’m very satisfied with your performance on Yan Ji continent. However, you cannot be proud, just because I’m satisfied doesn’t mean your other teacher the city leader will be satisfied. His perspectives are much higher than mine.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded.

His city leader teacher stood at the pinnacle of trillions of races, and to satisfy him wasn’t such an easy task.

To the city leader, hundreds of billions of mixed elements wasn’t even worth mentioning. As the number one person of the Virtual Universe Company, with his authority, he could easily check everything about Luo Feng in the outer region wars. Yet, he had never complimented Luo Feng on acquiring the treasure, maybe to him, it wasn’t even worth saying.

The only time he had truly complimented Luo Feng was when he created his pinnacle technique Moon policy.

“Work hard!”

“Since the primal chaos city leader has taken you in, you cannot relax at all. This position as the disciple was full of honor, and also full of pressure. All warriors…would naturally expect your performance to far exceed other warriors. Only then would you be worthy of that title. Performing exceptionally is to be expected. If you don’t reach that standard, you will be mocked.” True Yan said.

“Yes teacher.” Luo Feng nodded.

…

Just like how Purple Clock was shocked by Luo Feng’s performance back in the tower. However, if he had only known that he was facing the disciple of the primal chaos city leader…then, no matter how many trump cards Luo Feng took out, he wouldn’t have been shocked. He would have considered it as absolutely normal.

One had to know…just what kind of being the city leader was.

…

Luo Feng chatted with True Yan for awhile. True Yan was proud of him and predicted that Luo Feng would become his most exceptional student. However, he was still worried within that he wouldn’t be recognized by the primal chaos city leader, naturally he paid close attention to his growth.

He often came to reiterate this point.

“Hearing you say this, this Purple Clock sounds extremely scheming and evil, and he definitely has already set up a trap.” True Yan nodded. “To release such information, he definitely has a plan, he wouldn’t hide from fear.”

“I thought so too.” Luo Feng nodded, “But he still hasn’t shown himself.”

“Wait patiently.” True Yan said. “You must have patience. Even though your enemy sounds strong, I believe you can handle it.”

There were many in the universe that could actually reach the level of Emperor limit, however very few actually become invincible amongst emperors and close to knight level.

Techniques, law comprehension, amplification techniques, treasures, mental state…none could be lacking.

True Yan had experienced countless types of warriors and had vast experience. He easily saw through Purple Clock just from hearing about him. Be it his craftiness or scheming personality, he saw through it all. But, he was clear that his disciple Luo Feng would be able to deal with it properly. Luo Feng may seem normal and average, but he was wise and understood his own strengths and weaknesses.

Knowing when to stay low profile and when to unleash his full strength.

Even in the face of death, he is able to make a calm decision.

That was Luo Feng!

Compared to Purple Clock…that was true wisdom, a seemingly low profile but terrifying enemy.

“Your weakness lies in your own strength being weak.” True Yan said, “Don’t get careless.”

“I’ve already made preparations.” Luo Feng nodded. “Of course, the universe has too many mysterious things about. I do not dare proclaim absolute guarantee, but I at least have 90% confidence.”

Du! Du!

“Luo Feng, there’s a call request along with a mail, both from the same number.” Babata said.

Luo Feng gently tapped in mid air and a screen appeared. He first received the call and opened the mail, on it was a black armored tall and sturdy bull giant said, “I’ve discovered the whereabouts of the Qi Chan warrior Purple Clock emperor, his coordinates are…”

The mail had the same details.

“He’s been found!” Luo Feng immediately stood up.

“Very good, the moment it’s confirmed, I will send the reward over.” Luo Feng replied.

“Please rush over to the location. Once time passes, he might slip away.” The bull giant said.

Pa.

The call was cut and True Yan smiled beside, “Purple Clock has shown himself?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“This will be a life or death battle, even if you have the advantage, don’t get careless.” True Yan reminded him, “Go on, I’ll be here awaiting your good news.”

“Yes.”

Luo Feng smiled, after which he vanished from the virtual universe.

Yan Ji continent, within an ice cave.

Purple Clock sat crossed legged alone on an ice rock. His large and mini scanners were only scanning, and their jamming abilities were deliberately shut off. Hence the lucky official level undying from the human camp was able to discover him.

“Discovered me?”

“An official level punk.” He said softly, “I’ll rely on you to get Yang into my trap, consider yourself lucky.”

Weng…

Purple Clock sensed the space ripples about.

He was proficient in the space laws, and was able to teleport too. Hence, he was incredibly sensitive in being able to feel the space ripples.

“Spacial ripples, teleportation!” His eyes gleamed, “The human has fallen into my trap!”

…

About 1,000km away from him, the silver winged and armored human appeared simultaneously with a black silhouette.

“Cha Wu emperor, thanks.” Luo Feng said.

“Look for me if you need such help again.” The silhouette laughed before vanishing.

“I have to keep relying on pinnacle emperors since I cannot teleport. It’s a pity, my law comprehension is far from it.” Luo Feng shook his head and ordered, “Babata, have you found Purple Clock?”

“Purple Clock is 3,201 km away in that ice cave. He’s sitting crossed legged on a rock and even though his scanning device is activated, its not jamming any signals. He’s obviously waiting for you.” Babata communicated.

“I know he’s got a plan.”

“We both know it.” Luo Feng laughed. “We are both not stupid… since both are prepared, knowing both sides won’t back down, this fight is unavoidable. He’s obviously very confident, but I am confident too. When he falls, he will regret this!”

“Babata, since the report was accurate, send the reward to that lucky official.” Luo Feng said.

“Yes.”

At different levels, the amount offered was different too.

“Babata, we have to give Purple Clock…a greeting.” Luo Feng smiled, “Alina, attack twice according to the plan earlier.”

“Yes master.”

The mother nest appeared beside him.

…

Thousands of km away in the cave, Purple Clock frowned, “There were two consecutive ripples earlier. They were both teleportation, appearing and leaving…that should be a warrior bringing Yang over, then he left alone. Since Yang is here…why hasn’t there been any movement? Does he not dare to attack me?”


Chapter 856: Battle

Numerous bug soldiers circled around the mother nest, and every soldier was 10m to 100m apart, forming a huge ball. One million Tiger armored kings formed a huge ball and the other ball consisted of 500,000 Tiger armored kings, 200,000 Shadow spear kings and 200,000 Hunting Mantis kings.

Weng…

Close to two million kings stored their energy.

Luo Feng’s mini scanner was able to completely cover 20km. As for the entire area of the ball, in terms of space, it blocked out all sensing from outside.

“Attack.”

The silver armored youth standing beside the mother nest smiled and ordered.

“Yes master.” Alina replied.

“First wave attack!”

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The million Tiger armored bugs released all their stored energies. The skies and land instantly changed color as countless laser beams shot out and gathered in a glaring and terrifying spot, which turned into a beam. This energy beam hit the ice mountain and it was reduced to nothing, the mountain range slowly disappeared…

Rumble!!!

A terrifying energy wave spread out.

“Second wave, attack!”

Alina released control of the first wave and immediately controlled the second wave. Once again they gathered their energy and unleashed it all on a targeted spot, destroying everything in its path.

“Back!”

“All back into the world ring.” Luo Feng first kept the mother nest in his ring and collected the soldiers after.

…

Purple Clock who had been sitting crossed legged within muttered. “That human Yang may be acting cautious, carefully scanning from outside?” Suddenly a terrifying energy blast descended, it reached here at light speed. With only a few thousands km of distance, at 300,000 km per second, how long would it take to reach?

By the time Purple Clock sensed it, the attack had already reached.

“Not good!” Against the terrifying attack, he instantly teleported and vanished, escaping!

Rumble!

A thick laser beam decimated the area, never once exploding.

The point of explosion for the attacks were completely controlled by the queen. As the million beams gather, ten at a time, they began to condense, until 100 of them were gathered.ater another 10, and another…until the numbers grew absurd before and reaching its limit!

The distance, angle, projection would all affect the condensing of beams.

Only when it had fully gathered to its limit would it explode!

As long as the queen willed it, she could make the attack explode 100s of thousands of km away, or a millions of km away. This time, Luo Feng knew that this attack had no way to harm Purple Clock with his Ancient clock, and he could teleport too, since it wasn’t within the sacrificial tower…

Even though he had the space lock arm bad, this was his trump card.

He would only use it at a critical time.

This bug attack didn’t have enough power and the enemy had teleportation ability. Hence ,he made the queen only explode it 300km away. His goal was simply to stir up the enemy…forcing him to reveal his trump cards early.

Two waves, one after another, with only a difference of 0.1 seconds.

After which Luo Feng immediately kept the queen and then the soldiers. As for the full explosion, that happened a full second later.

Even so, when Purple Clock sensed the terrifying energy rushing over, he was so scared he immediately teleported!

Xiu!

He teleported to a distant place on the continent.

“Hu, what a terrifying attack.” He took a deep breath, his eyes raging, “This human must have bought a terrifying weapon after acquiring the treasure. That combined attack before…is akin to a pinnacle emperor’s explosion.”

“Luckily I invited emperor limits, these attacks are useless.” He floated in the air for ten seconds before teleporting back.

…

The explosion caused the entire ice mountain range to be reduced to nothing, leaving a vast crater over one million km deep. After a while, a silhouette appeared within…Purple Clock emperor appeared.

“Hm?” He gazed down at the huge crater and at the distant silver armored and winged youth. He couldn’t help but feel shocked, “This human unleashed such an attack the moment he arrived. He’s too arrogant and confident, or is he simply stupid? From the battle in the tower, he didn’t seem stupid at all.”

“I cannot get careless, the moment I’m not careful, I could lose my life. I better immediately call the two emperor limits over, and let them take the risks instead. Hmph, I’ll just wait for my chance to kill him.” Many thoughts flashed through his mind.

Luo Feng’s goal had been reached.

His bug army attack had completely scared Purple Clock. Such power, if it was a flame god crystal, it would be worth tens of billions of points. If it was some automaton weapon, just the energy usage alone would be shocking. To attack like that…one must be incredibly confident. He didn’t know that Luo Feng had a bug army, and every one of them was at a sector lord level and they could replenish their own energy, unlike automaton weapons that required a huge amount of storing before it could be used.

“Blood Beast emperor, Heavy Arrow emperor.” Purple Clock contacted the two of them via the virtual world.

“That human is here?”

“He’s already here. However, from what I see, he has some special weapons. Hence we cannot be careless, act according to the third plan.”

“Third plan?” Blood Beast was shocked.

“Hm, we cannot hesitate, we have to go all out from the beginning. There are two parts to this plan. First, the both of you will teleport to two different locations…then…” Through the virtual world, Purple Clock swiftly went through the plan. He had wanted to exchange a few blows with Luo Feng alone initially. But now he was scared into calling both emperor limits immediately.

…

Yan ji continent side regions, Blood Beast and Heavy Arrow were already waiting within a palace.

The two of them exchanged glances.

“Don’t hold anything back.” Blood Beast roared. “We have to kill that human immediately.”

“Relax.” Heavy Arrow smiled. “With our combined attacks, I don’t believe he can dodge.”

Even though they said so, they were both emperor limits afterall. With their status, they definitely had heavenly survival treasures etc. Even though they talked about going all out, they wouldn’t waste their trump cards unnecessarily.

Xiu! Xiu!

They both teleported and vanished.

…

In mid air.

Silver winged Luo Feng stared at the distant Purple Clock.

“Purple Clock, I still thought you were too afraid to show yourself.” He gazed at him. “Didn’t you spread the news about me and yet when I appeared, you hid yourself. I had to place a bounty just to find you. This is something you should have found out much earlier and yet you only appeared now. Looks like you are confident in dealing with me.”

“Hmph, I did spread the news, but you hid for pretty long too.” Purple Clock smiled. “Looks like you bought some special weapon, automaton weapon, or other races?”

“Won’t you know in a bit?” Luo Feng mocked.

“Ah, looks like you have some trump cards.” Purple Clock smiled. His race’s appearance however made his smile look even more malevolent.

He was waiting.

Luo Feng was waiting too.

They were both waiting for each other…

“I’ll let you be proud first, Blood Beast and Heavy Arrow will be here immediately. No matter what you have, they will take the blow first. I want to see…just what you got from the treasure of the tower. No matter what, the body’s strength is still the foundation.” Purple Clock was cold and filled with killing intent.

“Purple Clock, bring out whatever you have. Otherwise, it won’t be worth my time.” Luo Feng muttered within.

Xiu! Xiu!

Two silhouettes appeared in the distance.

“Ha!” Purple Clock’s eyes gleamed with glee, “They are here.”

“Hm?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed coldly and gazed at the distance. The two silhouettes gave off terrifying energies. Among which, the tall Blood Beast emperor glowed with a blood colored light, and Heavy Arrow made Luo Feng shudder within. Their energies were no weaker than the amplified Gold Cang.

“Emperor limits.” Luo Feng thought. “Blood Beast and Heavy Arrow emperor!”

Before the battle, Luo Feng had naturally studied quite a bit.

Within the entire twenty sixth camp area, including Yan Ji and Star tower, he knew about all the strong and renowned warriors, especially the emperor limits, of which there were these two.

“It’s actually these two This is going to be troublesome.” Luo Feng thought.

“Human!”

Blood Beast’s single eye was terrifying.

“Human.” Heavy Arrow always wore a mask, making it impossible to see his expression.

The two had unleashed all their strength and stared at Luo Feng together.

Xiu! Xiu!

Both of them teleported and rushed at Luo Feng.

“Die.” Purple Clock watched from thousands of km away, happily anticipating. If he didn’t have to act at all, letting just the two emperor limits kill Luo Feng, how perfect that would be.

“This is the right moment.” Luo Feng instantly unleashed strike travel with his wings and immediately rushed at Purple Clock.

Shua! Shua!

Blood Beast and Heavy Arrow appeared simultaneously and discovered that Luo Feng’s instantaneous acceleration far exceeded theirs, leaving them both stunned.

“Space lock armband!”

“Activate!”

A formless void engraving spread over 10,000 km around him. This was almost like a formless water membrane, the space ripples within were completely locked down.

“Space lock! All three enemies were shocked.

“You all…” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with madness, “Cannot escape now!”


Chapter 857: Madman!!!

Within an area with a diameter of 10,000 km, the translucent void engravings floated around. Anything within this space had its space ripples stopped. At this point, Blood Beast and Heavy Arrow were both nervous and angry. They communicated mentally, “Purple Clock, didn’t you say this human was weak, not knowing how to teleport or perform space lock?”

“These engravings…” Purple Clock looked on in shock. “Right, these are the engravings from the tower. It must be some special weapon from the treasure chest that allowed this human to do this. This is unbelievable.”

“This human Yang definitely doesn’t know space lockdown. Don’t you see the surrounding floating engravings?” Purple Clock replied. “These are common engravings from the statues about Yan Ji, he must have gotten a special weapon to do this!”

“Relying on a weapon to use space lockdown?” Both emperors were shocked, after which they laughed excitedly and greedily.

Such a treasure was priceless.

It was definitely a true treasure.

“We’ve struck gold!”

“Give it your all, kill that human. Just that treasure alone would be plenty for us.”

…

It may seem slow but their conversation actually only took an instant, as they were rushing towards Luo Feng. While it seemed like they were doing a combined attack, Purple Clock was much slower than the other two.

“Bring it!” Luo Feng flapped his wings and became a beam of light, drawing closer to Purple Clock.

The three warriors surrounded Luo Feng.

They were filled with killing intent.

“Yang, you are dead.” Purple Clock smiled with excitement.

“Very good, just like that.” Luo Feng felt the distance between the enemies draw closer. Suddenly he smiled widely, “Now!”

He flipped his hand!

Two glowing red black crystals appeared. These crystals seem round, in truth they each had 10,081 sides and had space engravings locked within. Both of them gave off terrifying energies.

“What did he take out?” Blood Beast emperor’s single eye gleamed, carefully looking. The three of them were from the automaton camp, and these crystals were created by the automatons, they were common but expensive. The emperor limits couldn’t bear to buy such weapons, but they were extremely familiar with most sorts of weapons.

Just one look scared the wits out of them.

“My god, it’s the strongest flame god crystal, it’s the strongest flame god crystal!”

Blood Beast was filled with rage and shock, immediately slowing down to flee…

“It’s the strongest flame god crystal!” Heavy Arrow had finally seen it clearly too. He too was stunned, not even hesitating to turn and try to flee.

“What!” The excited Purple Clock was shocked by the scene. He couldn’t care less as well, as he immediately turned to flee.

“Madman, a pure madman, that’s the strongest flame god crystal.” Blood Beast howled. “Even an emperor limit may fall from that, and he took out two of them together. The moment it explodes, even if I don’t die, I’d be in a terrible state! Each crystal is worth 100’s of billions of indigo gems, and two is twice that. How did he get two of them? And how can he dare to take out two? Is he not afraid of dying from it?”

“Flee, that’s a madman. Purple Clock, the human you are dealing with is a madman.” Heavy Arrow roared.

“Flee!” Purple Clock gritted his teeth.

Luo Feng had indeed brandished the strongest flame god crystal. It took a lot of work to condense and stabilize so much energy. This strongest crystal cost Luo Feng, with his primal chaos city leader disciple position, close to thirty billion mixed elements each!

Like Heavy Arrow, Blood Beast or Purple Clock, those not from the automaton camp had to spend at least 100s of billions of indigo gems to purchase one of these. (One mixed element is about two indigo gems).

Back when Purple Clock took out a flame god crystal worth ten billion mixed elements, it was already akin to three times a pinnacle emperor’s explosion.

And the ones Luo Feng just took out…were akin to ten times a pinnacle emperor’s explosion! It had a certain guarantee of making an emperor limit fall! And taking out two at a time…even if Purple Clock used his ancient clock to diffuse 90% of the force, he was only a pinnacle emperor, how could he dare defend against it?

“Flee!” “Flee!” “Flee!”

The three howled within, all cursing that they couldn’t teleport. Only then did they realize why the human had used space lock, it was obviously to stop them from fleeing.

“You won’t make it.”

Luo Feng casually tossed the two crystals in different directions, they had already ignited.

…

The three of them slowed to a stop. They had just begun to flee when the terrifying strongest flame god crystals began to explode. It was almost like a million stars exploding instantly. Two supernovas were instantly formed as the terrifying energy condensed within was unleashed.

The space about were instantly reduced to stream particles as the space slits had countless fragments that were melted into particles.

“Madman, madman, madman!!!” Blood Beast howled, “Is he not afraid of death? Does he have enough confidence to survive the two crystals head on?”

“No!” Blood beast howled.

Rumble!

A huge beast projection appeared behind him. It was of a furry peculiar beast with blood colored eyes and stars. He had obviously given his all to protect himself, he didn’t wish to die just like that.

Simultaneously, the glaring stars of destruction was so bright, that no one could open their eyes. It completely engulfed Blood Beast.

…

“Just who did this Purple Clock mess with? Is he completely going for suicide?” Heavy Arrow was filled with rage. He had many trump cards, but could use none on Luo Feng before the two crystals exploded.

“I must survive, I must survive.” Heavy Arrow roared. “Otherwise, I can only wait for the distant future where I will be revived. However, once I’m revived, it’s akin to selling my soul to the automaton race. No!”

Silence.

The light instantly engulfed Heavy Arrow.

…

“How can he be so crazy? His defense is very strong, does he have a space fortress or god base? Is he hiding within something like that? However, even a knight cannot afford a god base. So, he can’t have one either. He has defensive treasures, but how can he possibly survive this?”

“I must withstand it!”

“Then I’ll kill him after and take his treasure. I still haven’t used all my trump cards.” Purple Clock was sullen. Letting the two emperor limits attack first was only the first part of his plan. He was the type to let the strong be his cannon fodder. Just like back in the tower, he first let Gold Cang lead him…when things were going bad, he instigated for the others to kill each other till he remained.

This time was the same.

He first let the two emperor limits go and had them dig out Luo Feng’s trump cards. However…the moment his trump cards were out, it was too terrifying.

Two strongest flame god crystals!!!

“I have to withstand it!” An ancient clock appeared around his body, within a silver light glowed.

Simultaneously…

The glaring white light swallowed him up!

Purple Clock and the others never expected Luo Feng to be that crazy. This was just the first move and it was absurd. Even though its power was great, it had a great flaw, which was that it attacked everyone without prejudice! The strongest force was within this tens of thousands of km, Luo Feng naturally was hit by it too.

That white light engulfed him too.

…

There was silence.

The glaring white light engulfed 10s of millions of km around. Everything within the area, the ground, rocks, underground palace, everything was reduced to particles. After a prolonged silence, explosions occurred all over as a formless pressure rushed in all directions, knocking away the distant mountain rangers, tearing apart the ground and canyons millions of km away.

“Human, human, you will die, you are definitely dead.” Within his ancient clock, Purple Clock howled.

In that instance, he was reduced to ashes.

Even though the clock would diffuse 90% of the force, this was afterall the strongest flame god crystal. It had a power capable of killing even an emperor limit! Even after diffusing 90%…with two strongest crystals exploding, as all four of them were caught in the strongest blast region, he was naturally destroyed, and part of his undying body was destroyed too!

He lost over 50% of his undying body!

Even so, he managed to survive.

“I’m not dead, I’m not dead.” He howled within. He began to reform his undying body in the ancient clock. “If I’m not dead, that means you will die!”

Xiu!

A silver arc tore through the white glowing sky, rushing below the ancient clock. It was a silver armored and winged Luo Feng. He held in his hand a blade…a purple light glowing on its edges, it was obviously the Poison shadow blade.

“Pu chi!” He slashed at the bottom of the ancient clock at the reforming particles of Purple Clock.

“Purple Clock, let me send you off!” Luo Feng howled at the reforming undying body.

The Fei Mo poison on the blade madly attacked at his undying body. It seeped in and even though it was harder to actually destroy an emperor limit’s body, against a pinnacle emperor, especially one that had over 50% destroyed already, it caused the body to instantly crumble.


Chapter 858: Fall

Purple Clock was reduced to ashes from the explosion. Just as he was reforming, Luo Feng found him and he was stunned, “How can this be? The time between my reforming is only that short…how did he rush over in such a short time. Unless…the flame god crystal explosion didn’t destroy his body! That’s impossible!”

In truth, Luo Feng’s body was fine from the explosion!

Back then…in the sacrificial tower, when the elder Qiu Chi Ka had exploded in the room, Luo Feng could withstand it head on.

This flame god crystal explosion was tens of times stronger than that one!

Back then, the room was completely shut. This explosion however happened in such a vast space. Theoretically speaking, the enclosed explosion back then would definitely create a bigger force.

Qiu Chi Ka had exploded alone, this time however there were two crystals.

After the two were combined.

It add up to ten times the explosion force of Qiu Chi Ka’s in the enclosed room…

Back then, Luo Feng’s cloud contact armor was at pinnacle official level, and it’s sturdiness was akin to a low emperor.

Now, it was a low emperor, but was akin to a high emperor human!

Through the Sha Wu wings and General armor diffusing the force to only a thousandth (Akin to a low emperor explosion), and with the high emperor cloud contact armor, it only barely managed to break through the cloud contact armor slightly. Hence, it was unable to completely destroy it.

“Compared to the tower back then, the explosion this time was ten times stronger, but my cloud contact armor has also grown. You were all reduced to ashes, but I’m totally fine.” Luo Feng rushed straight through the explosion. Accurately speaking, it was because of the wings and the general armor that the cloud contact vine could withstand it. As long as it could do that, Luo Feng would be fine.

…

He easily withstood the force, plus Purple Clock was only a few thousands km away. With just a flap of his wings, he naturally reached beside him. Just as Purple Clock was reforming, Luo Feng acted according to his plan and slashed him with the poison shadow blade!

This blade was vicious!

“How could he get here so fast?” Purple Clock was filled with suspicion. However as he realized Luo Feng’s blade slash over, he mocked, “Even the flame god crystal couldn’t kill me, your blade cannot even tear through my undying body, it’s simply too…ah!”

“Pu chi!”

A blade slashed through!

The poison shadow blade tore into his broken undying body, and right away the Fei Mo poison began to destroy his body into pieces. “No!” Purple Clock was completely shocked by the poison. He instantly chose to break off that part of his undying body, but…it was too late! An emperor limit required about ten drops of poison to die, but a pinnacle emperor only needed one drop.

And usually with quick reflexes, one slash would only have about 0.3-0.8 drops of poison entering the body.

Purple clock only had less than 50% of his body left, the 0.72 drops of poison instantly ran through his body onto every fragment, invading every cell…he had no way to defend against it.

“It’s over!” He instantly understood. “I’m about to die.”

He was filled with rage and regret, however before he died, he swiftly connected to the virtual world.

…

Virtual world.

“Mass send! Send mail to everyone!!!” His consciousness formed a body that stood in the living room and raged.

According to his plan, one part of it was if he couldn’t deal with Yang, he would drag in a large number of other emperors. He had prepared this mail long ago, even the location and coordinates were in the cave he was in.

Hua hua hua…

The mail was sent out like snow flakes, instantly reaching large numbers of emperors in the automaton camp.

“That Yang has appeared? Where?”

“Sacrificial tower treasure!!!”

“Hahaha…”

“He’s appeared.”

The large number of emperors received the mail and immediately reacted. Even though they were very excited, these emperors weren’t stupid. They couldn’t teleport immediately, because there were very few that could actually teleport, and also, what if it was a trap? Hence, they began to form their alliances. With groups of emperors together, they would be much stronger and less fearful of a trap.

“Haha…hahaha…” Purple Clock felt his consciousness crumble.

He simply looked up and laughed madly.

He didn’t lead an ordinary life, having acquired the ancient clock and even killing two emperor limits and many other pinnacle emperors. He was definitely considered an absolute being amongst the Qi Chang race. In his heart he still had hopes of becoming a knight, of becoming a greater being.

However…

Because he messed with the human Yang, even though he had prepared adequately, none of his plans could be used in time. The flame god crystal explosion and the Fei Mo poison instantly took his life.

“Even if I die, don’t think you’ll get off easy!!! He howled fiercely.

Pa!

His consciousness became a bubble and broke, vanishing forever. He would never reappear.

Even though he was from the automaton camp, the high and mighty universe masters of the automaton race may revive a large number of warriors in the future. However for the Qi Chang race, they would at most revive the emperor limits. Even if his luck was good and he was chosen, because he had fused with the ancient clock, it had a great effect on the revival. The backlash from the revival…would be akin to the revival of a knight. Hence, once the universe masters discover the ancient clock on him, they would most probably give up on reviving him.

Having true treasures and falling made it harder for revival!

And if one wanted to forcefully destroy the treasure and revive, the price would be ten to hundreds of times that of the treasure itself! Simply carrying the treasure alone made revival extra hard.

…

Purple Clock, who had the ancient clock, was set never to be revived. Unless the universe master was willing to take the backlash.

Purple Clock, hence…fell!

In the distant regions of Yan Ji continent, there were many emperors from the automaton camp that were chatting within the virtual world.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

The warriors with teleportation began to gather the others all together.

“An Meng emperor, the news suddenly broke out, and it’s from Purple Clock emperor. It was obviously sent in a group mail to all the warriors, would this be some ploy?” A group of oddly appearing emperors all gathered in mid air. The only similarity they shared was they were all from the automaton camp.

“It might be some trap!”

“But it could be true too.”

The group all communicated, suddenly one short and stony god shouted, “I tried contacting Purple Clock, the virtual world informed me that he’s fallen.”

“Already fallen?”

“Dead?”

All the suspicious emperors had tried too. The virtual world system did reply to them all, letting them know that he had fallen. This made them instantly trust the message that was sent at least 90%….the system’s record of his death meant he was connected when he fell, hence it naturally knew of his situation.

Everything had to be scanned before confirmed.

Like the Yun Mo planet master Hu Yan Bo, he had never opened his connection to the virtual universe to scan himself. When he fell over 10,000 years ago, no one ever knew.

“Hurry and go!”

“Purple Clock has fallen, the battle must have been intense.” The group all shouted excitedly. “However large amounts of our automaton warriors will definitely go. With our numbers, we need not fear him.”

“We can teleport directly to hundreds of thousands of kilometers away from the location. Even if there’s trouble we’ll be prepared.”

“Let’s go.”

Xiu!

The group instantly vanished and rushed to the fight.

Even though they all had different levels of strength, with even some low emperors, they weren’t afraid. Because, there was no killing within the same camp. As long as large amounts of them worked together, they would be naturally safe. What’s more, killing an emperor wasn’t exactly an easy thing to do. They all regarded Purple Clock’s death…as something that the enemy had to pay a huge price for.

…

Yan Ji continent, in the distant star tower.

Groups and groups of automaton emperors began to teleport to the fight! Of course, the emperors in Yan Ji continent naturally reached first. As for the distant star tower…they first had to find a safe spot before teleporting via god country and finally teleporting to the target spot, this alone took quite some time!

At the battleground, the broken space began to madly recover, one could visibly see the space reforming.

“Ah!” Blood Beast emperor howled, as his body was completely reformed.

“I actually lost 42% of my undying body, how long would it take me to recover?” His single eye was filled with rage. The loss of his body meant the loss of his soul, and such a huge loss required a long time to recover. He could actually use treasures in the universe to assist in the recovery, but they were all incredibly expensive. Hence, how could he afford to do so.

On the other end.

“I lost 59% of my undying body!!!” Heavy Arrow had it worse. “I don’t even have 10% of my original strength! Even a pinnacle emperor can suppress me.”

Even though the strongest flame god crystal had the ability to kill an emperor limit, who wouldn’t have their own defenses! Special armor or techniques to decrease attacks, 20%, 30%, along with plant life forms, metal life forms etc, emperor limits would normally have all of these.

Even so, they still suffered heavy losses.

…

At the other end.

The silver winged and armored Luo Feng wielded the Poison shadow blade. Looking at the items left behind from the fallen Purple Clock, he swept the world rings, armor, ancient clock and everything into his own world ring.

“Thanks Purple Clock.” Luo Feng said softly.

“Hm?”

He turned, tens of thousands of km away, the space shook violently, as tens of emperors suddenly appeared. In another direction, the space shook too as groups and groups of emperors began to arrive.


Chapter 859: Shaking

When the first batch of ten emperors appeared tens of thousands of km away, Blood Beast, Heavy Arrow and Luo Feng were on the move.

“I’ve lost 42% of my undying body, and that human actually withstood the entire blast. It’s unbelievable, if he uses another flame god crystal, I may fall. It isn’t worth losing my life over the sacrificial tower treasure!” Blood Beast swiftly flew at his max speed, trying to rush out of the space lock area.

“Flee.” The damaged Heavy Arrow chose the same path.

These two were scared off by the explosion.

The first explosion destroyed everything around them. With two strongest flame god crystals, that was akin to 200 billion indigo gems instantly reduced to nothing. It’s power however was shocking. To survive this first wave alone was hard enough, they didn’t have the confidence to take another. They both flew simultaneously in different directions.

“There’s just this one human! He can only chase one of us and the space lockdown area is only so small. There is no way he can get both of us.” Both emperor’s thoughts were similar.

With a diameter of 10,000 km, this was truly very small area to such warriors.

As long as they rushed straight out, if Luo Feng hesitated for even a second, they would be able to escape. However at Luo Feng’s level, how could he lose focus at the critical moment?

“Heavy Arrow suffered more damage, I’ll deal with him first!”

Sou!

He flapped his wings and shot after Heavy Arrow.

“Haha…” Blood Beast and Luo Feng flew in different directions. He naturally escaped the space lock region

“I won’t stay here any longer.” He glanced at the stunned ten emperors that just appeared. Smiling coldly, “Those punks, they can only hope the human doesn’t go crazy again. If he does, their little bit of strength would be destroyed by the flame god crystals!”

“It’s time to leave.” He didn’t dare stay any longer.

Shua!

He vanished and teleported far away.

…

The automaton camp An Meng emperor and the other group of tens of emperors had just arrived. But, the scene in front of them certainly shocked them. An area over ten million km of vast land, rivers, mountains, snow, everything was gone, leaving nothing but a wasteland.

The ripples from the terrifying explosion before were still resonating around the area.

Just the ripples alone were enough to make the emperors shudder. What shocked them even more was…the incredibly renowned and ‘invincible’ Heavy Arrow and Blood Beast emperor. These two emperor limits were fleeing madly in two different directions. Blood Beast managed to escape and teleport, Heavy Arrow however was being chased by a silver winged and armored human.

“Just what happened here.”

“Madness.”

“This, this…”

The emperors were all stunned and pondering as the scene before them was simply too unexpected.

“What sort of attack would reduce such a huge area to nothing? How terrifying of an attack was this? Even an emperor limit wouldn’t be able to do so much damage.”

“Madness.”

“It’s no wonder Purple Clock fell. What happened here?”

“Blood Beast and Heavy Arrow are both emperor limits, how can they be losing. Blood Beast has escaped, but Heavy Arrow is being chased?”

They were stunned. In mid air another batch of emperors appeared, and another. The many groups began to rush over as the numbers quickly exceeded a hundred. However, when they arrived, they were all stunned.

According to the explosion ripples and the area of wasteland, they could easily deduce just how terrifying the attack was. It was able to completely destroy all of them.

And the scene of Heavy Arrow fleeing scared them.

“What’s going on An Meng, why is Heavy Arrow being chased?” Another group of emperors that arrived later asked.

“Not just him, Blood Beast was scared off earlier.”

“Blood Beast escaped? Isn’t he good friends with Heavy Arrow?”

“Who knows? Purple Clock has fallen, I feel that this may be troublesome.”

“Attention all, this doesn’t seem too good, I’ll take my leave first!” Sou! A pinnacle emperor immediately teleported away.

What a joke.

Any of them being able to survive till emperor level would all be incredibly wise. If even Blood Beast escaped and Heavy Arrow was being chased, while Purple Clock fell a while ago, including the tens of millions of km of wasteland, it all proved one thing. It proved that this area was extremely dangerous!

A point where even emperor limits could fall. Since their strength difference was obvious, the naturally wiser ones would choose to leave.

“Look!”

“Heavy Arrow is in danger!” The stunned emperors all looked on at the distant battle.

…

Luo Feng had picked Heavy Arrow to attack, because he had suffered greater damage. Normally, any undying with 50% damage on his undying body would only have 10% of their strength left. One had to know that the initial small losses on the undying body didn’t affect their strength much, but as the damage grew, the effect became more absurd.

Losing within 10% of the undying body had almost no effect at all on their strength.

Losing 30% would leave only 50% of their strength.

Losing 50% would leave only 10%.

Losing 70% would leave less than 1% of their strength.

After losing 90%, they would fall into a coma and they would lose their consciousness. Only after long periods of time in their comatose state they might slowly recover or even slowly fade away until they died. Anyway, in that state, they had no defense at all!

It was clear that the loss of the undying body had a huge effect on their strength.

“After losing 59% of my undying body, my strength is only a little stronger than a high emperor.” Heavy Arrow was worried as he saw Luo Feng catching up.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

His silver wings left three warps in space and he immediately caught up. The two of them had a huge difference in speed.

“Die Heavy Arrow.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed coldly.

“Human, don’t get ahead of yourself.” Heavy Arrow immediately pulled out a completely black and silver bow with an arrow lodged in the middle. It was rare to see a bow and arrow user in the universe, because it couldn’t compare to a spirit weapon. However, the genuinely knowledgeable users were terrifying.

Relying on the bow itself, it could amplify their strength greatly.

Xiu! The bow launched the arrow.

A black arrow with yellow traces tore through tens of km. The land and skies were silent as a long slit was left in the space. The power of the arrow was obviously condensed, even the slit was incredibly fine. However, as the arrow hit Luo Feng’s wings, it barely even moved a feather. Since, it could even withstand the flame god crystal explosion, naturally this was nothing.

“You only had that one chance.” Luo Feng flapped his wings and got close, not giving his enemy another chance.

“Die.”

He brandished the poison shadow blade. With both the wings and blade, he unleashed moon policy.

Using his own pinnacle technique with his high emperor strength, with the Sha Wu Wings internals space energy, it had terrifying tearing abilities. The power of his attack was amplified further as the wings produced a silver light, slashing through Heavy Arrow’s armor and the poison blade slashed at his undying body.

“What.” He didn’t even have time to dodge as he got slashed, feeling the Fei Mo poison begin to invade his body.

“Tear!” He wanted to cut off that part of his undying body.

“Cloud contact vine!” Luo Feng wouldn’t give him the chance. Ten vines shot out from his shoulder and fiercely wrapped about Heavy Arrow.

Heavy arrow had originally lost 59% of his undying body. That slash earlier made him lose over 80% of his power. Even the cloud contact vine could forcefully hold him at this point, and the most peculiar thing was the three vines that wrapped around him had three thorns that pierced deep into his body and held him in place.

Pu Chi! Pu Chi! Pu Chi!

The slash earlier along with the three stabs, all contained Fei Mo poison on it. Luo Feng had managed to create nine thorns with the poison, and every one of them with thirty drops of the Fei Mo poison. However, because he was already in a tragic state before, having lost 59% of his undying body, it made his overall body fall to only 12%…

“Chi! Chi! Chi!” The three thorns immediately pulled themselves out. They were afraid of staying within for too long as it would immediately poison Heavy Arrow to death.

Heavy Arrow’s eyes went vacant as his consciousness faded, not even moving within the cloud contact vine.

Even though 10% was the definite comatose level, according to the different levels of willpower, some would go into a coma at 15%, or 16%. At this point, Heavy Arrow had fallen into a coma.

“Keep.” Luo Feng immediately kept the comatose Heavy arrow into a separate world ring.

…

Everything happened extremely quickly. The other emperors around the area could all see that Heavy Arrow had already suffered huge losses, and from the battle after, his strength wasn’t even at pinnacle emperor. The human’s strength wasn’t even enough to scare off the huge number of emperors. Hence many were still hesitating, with only very few having fled first. Most chose to simply stay and watch.

The space ripples kept shaking as more batches of emperors arrived.

“Just one human?”

“That’s him, the human Yang!”

“Kill!”

“Get the treasure!”

The sixth batch had just arrived with twenty one emperors. They saw that the one human Yang was surrounded by over 100 emperors. But, they had no way to know that the earlier emperors were stunned by the scene before. By coming later, they didn’t get to see Blood Beast fleeing, or Heavy Arrow being forced into a coma. They just assumed the human was surrounded. Hence, the greedy emperors decided to rush in first and this batch of twenty one completely went for it…

Rumble…

The greedy group of emperors became resplendent beams of light shooting straight at Luo Feng.

“This group of idiots.”

“It’s not their fault. If we didn’t witness the scene of Blood Beast fleeing or Heavy Arrow entering his coma, we would have rushed in too if there was only one human there. Anyway, we are all from the same camp, we don’t have to worry about fighting each other for the treasure. Just a matter of whoever gets it first.” The other onlooking emperors chatted.


Chapter 860: Flashing Blade

His space lock had remained activated throughout. Luo Feng wielded his blood shadow blade and flapped his wings, floating up and gazing at the eighteen silhouettes rushing over. There were two pinnacle emperors, six high emperors and ten low emperors that rushed into his space lockdown area.

“Pitiful other race warriors, I’ll use you to leave a message.” Luo Feng muttered.

“Kill!”

“Kill that human.”

“Take the sacrificial tower treasure!” The eighteen emperors were all filled with killing intent, unleashing their energies as they rushed over.

Luo Feng flapped his wings and became a blur. Shua! Shua! Shua! He left warps in the air as he slashed straight at one high emperor. That undying was covered in flames all over, even his eyes were burning and he wielded a huge metal chain. When Luo Feng rushed over, he whipped the chain forward to wrap about Luo Feng.

Xiu!

Luo Feng became a demonic blur. He used the poison shadow blade to defend against the chain and rushed close to the undying, unleashing moon policy. A glaring silver slash tore through the space, lasting long after. The slash tore through the armor of the undying and slashed his body.

In an instant…it left 0.4 drops of Fei Mo poison on him…

This immolating undying stared wide eyed in shock, after which he instantly crumbled and fell.

“What!”

“He’s dead?”

“How can a high emperor be killed instantly?” The large group of emperors watching from far were all shocked. Even though many had seen Heavy Arrow fall into his comatose state, however the initial moment they saw him, he was already heavily damaged and was almost about to fall. Secondly, they guessed it was related to the cloud contact vine.

This time however, they witnessed…

The silver slash that slashed past the undying, instantly reducing the high emperor to nothing. This was a high emperor, and the cloud contact vine didn’t even appear.

Under normal circumstances, only an emperor limit could kill a low emperor that easily. As for a high emperor…to easily kill one was an extremely hard thing to do, unless one was an emperor proficient in soul attacks. Soul attacks were incredibly complex things, the power was terrifying, but at the same time, it was incredibly hard to use. Normally out of tens of emperors there would only occasionally be one who was proficient in it.

…

Luo Feng’s blade completely caused the onlooking emperors and other seventeen rushing over to be shocked. The battle however didn’t give these seventeen time to think.

“The Fei Mo poison sure depletes fast.” Luo Feng kept the goods of that fallen undying and flashed his wings, rushing at another low emperor. The blade only briefly touched the chain and I lost about 0.5 drops. Also, I used another 0.2 drops on his armor, only 0.4 drops truly attacked his body.

The weakness of the poison was obvious.

Because it was melded with the blade, at an emperor level fight, weapons would clash and the space about would be destroyed, and the force was several times that of stars clashing. Such a clash would use some of the poison on the blade. Hence, it’s optimum usage method…was when Luo Feng used it to kill Purple Clock.

First destroy the undying body, making them unable to defend.

Then slash the undefendable body. Without the armor or weapon to defend, how easy would it be?

However, destroying the undying body alone was tough.

“I’m simply getting my money’s worth. 300 billion mixed elements gets me one kg. Its power is not bad already, I can deal with the flaws.” Luo Feng easily flashed past the low emperor’s attack and his silver slash flew past the head of that emperor, after which, he too crumbled.

He had fallen!

“Killing a low emperor sure is easy, he’s already weaker and I only used 0.1 drops to break the armor. The other 0.3 drops completely attacked his body.”

“Kill!”

Luo Feng rushed at another high emperor.

…

His slashes were incredibly precise. As a self created pinnacle technique, in terms of usage and precision, even the primal chaos city leader praised it. It was terrifying and beautiful. It was a slash that tore through the skies, with undyings falling. Each slash resulted in emperors falling…

No one could withstand it, as every slash represented the death of another emperor.

“Surround and attack him.”

“Surround him.” The undyings wanted to surround Luo Feng, but his speed was simply demonic. The eighteen that had rushed over had already fallen. No one was able to keep up with him. The silver wings flapped and he warped about, easily dodging the emperors and aiming for his next target.

Whoever he killed was completely up to him.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Flashes of his blade were terrifying and beautiful, and painful screams could be heard as the high and low emperors didn’t have any hopes of ever being revived by the universe masters.

“Flee!”

“Quickly flee!”

“We can’t take his blade, he is too terrifying.” The other emperors began to flee. However, even so, their speed was far from Luo Feng’s. With a flap of his silver wings, he caught up to another group and circled them. There were three flashes of his blade.

Another three emperors fell. Finally, the last five emperors fled into the distant group of other emperors.

Luo Feng wielded his blood shadow blade in the air. Gazing at the up to 200 emperors that had come, there was silence in the air as everyone was shocked by the scene before.

Eighteen emperors rushed forward, among which, only five remained. There were two pinnacle emperors,one high and two low within.

The other thirteen had all fallen!

Thirteen emperors!

In the history of the Yan Ji continent, the percentage of emperors falling was extremely low. For thirteen to fall at once, such an event hadn’t occurred in a very long time. The last time it happened was probably hundreds of millions of years ago, back when Ghost Mound emperor let loose. His name grew from that incident as he became a pinnacle being amongst trillions of races.

“He actually killed so many emperors at once, some of which were high emperors and some close to pinnacle emperors. Yet they all died so easily.”

“His bladework is perfect, and there are laws infused within too. His slashes aren’t like space laws or gold laws at all, or any other laws.” They all didn’t know that Luo Feng was trained in the Beast god path, which was the fusion of gold and space.

This was extremely rare in the universe, and these emperors had never seen it before.

“What are you afraid of!”

“What are you afraid of.” A short pinnacle emperor howled. “Can’t you all see that he’s only dealing with the low and high emperors, not ever touching the pinnacle emperors? That means his strength is insufficient, otherwise why wouldn’t he attack them?”

“Fen Nong emperor, didn’t you see Blood Beast emperor fleeing and Heavy Arrow falling into a coma?”

“Hmph, that’s enough to scare you? That human has probably used up all his trump cards already. Everybody saw it, and after all that he shouldn’t have the strength of an emperor limit. To do so much… means he must have paid a huge price, and he probably can only do such a thing once. Would there be a second time? And we already have over 200 emperors here. Will over 200 emperors be scared off by merely one human?”

“You can go ahead first, stop instigating the others to their deaths.”

The warriors watching all had different opinions.

Suddenly a boom resounded within the space about.

“Attention all automaton camp undyings.”

This sound made all the undyings look over. It was from the human Yang of whom they had surrounded. The silver winged human wielding the blood shadow blade smiled, “Don’t worry, the emperor limits are all extremely powerful beings. There’s no way for me to easily kill them, I just have to pay a big enough price, like this thing I have here…”

He flipped his hand and a beautiful black crystal with red lights on it appeared. The entire crystal had 10,081 sides with law engravings all around it, the undyings all felt the terrifying energy within.

“Strongest flame god crystal!”

“Hundred billion indigo gems for one!”

“It can even kill emperor limits! Pinnacle emperors will definitely die!”

The over 200 emperors there all looked on with shock. This was the strongest crystal that anyone could create. As its strength was absurd, the moment it exploded, even if the over 200 undyings used all their strength together to defend against it, 90% of them would still fall! Afterall, none of them were emperor limit.

…

Against the restless 200 emperors, Luo Feng smiled, simultaneously connecting to the virtual universe and contacting Xi Wu emperor and shutting off his space lock.

He simply wanted to scare them off this time. He wanted them to know he is not one to be messed around with!

As for massacring all of them?

He only had four such strongest flame god crystals. He had used two before and only had two more left. And to instantly kill all the automaton emperors on Yan Ji continent, it would definitely enrage a lot of absolute beings in the automaton camp. The emperor limits may get together and other powerful background warriors may want to come deal with him.

That would be troublesome.

“Scaring them is enough. I don’t have enough strength to deal with the trouble.” He thought. “And my strength now is obviously lacking, I’m still weak going head to head with the stronger undyings.”

…

Over 200 emperors surrounding Luo Feng. When the black silhouette Xi Wu emperor teleported beside Luo Feng, he was shocked.

“So may emperors?” He was completely stunned, “Yang, what’s going on?”

“Don’t worry.” Luo Feng wielded the strongest flame god crystal.

When Xi Wu emperor saw that crystal, he too was shocked, after which he looked at the over 200 undyings and guessed what happened. They were all stunned by the crystal, within, he couldn’t help but feel respect for Luo Feng. “This Yang sure has got some guts, and he’s crazy enough. To be able to deal with over 200 undyings, he must have some ability.”

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng said.

“Ok.” Xi Wu immediately teleported with Luo Feng.

Hua.

They vanished and teleported far away.

The distant over 200 emperors watched as Luo Feng left with his friend, and no one even tried to stop him. They were completely scared from the appearance of that crystal.


Chapter 861: Blade River Emperor

Over 200 emperors there were all stunned, watching as Luo Feng simply left. None of them felt that it was a disgrace. Over their long lives, they had all experienced life or death situations many times, and they all had a certain set of rules. Maybe it was natural for them to want to steal the sacrificial tower treasure from a weaker warrior, that he wasn’t fit to hold it

But that human earlier, was he weak?

Heavy Arrow was in a coma, Blood Beast had fled, Purple Clock and thirteen other emperors were all killed by his blade. This type of result, which of the 200 emperors here could do that?

“Powerful!”

“Too strong.”

“In that instant, thirteen emperors fell, terrifying.”

“Despicable Purple Clock! He even called us over before he died. He truly had evil plans, he knew that even Blood Beast and Heavy Arrow couldn’t deal with this human, yet he called us over. He definitely deserved to die!”

“Purple Clock deserved to die.”

The groups of emperors there all chatted. Luo Feng’s performance earlier had truly subdued all of them, it made them respect him. Without a doubt, he was a true strong warrior, and for such an absolute warrior to hold the treasure was natural.

If even such a warrior wasn’t fit to hold the treasure, who amongst these over 200 emperors was?

“That human Yang, even though he seemed low profile, his strength definitely doesn’t pale in comparison to an emperor limit. From now on…there’s one more absolute warrior we should fear in this twenty seventh battlefield…the human Yang!”

“Does this human not have a title?”

“We only know him as Yang, we’ve never heard of his title.”

“Never heard.”

“We’ve never heard either.”

“His bladework was exquisite, each slash formed rivers that lasted for a long time. One slash alone resulted in one emperor falling, and the thirteen slashes across the sky killed thirteen emperors. From what I see, we should call him Blade River emperor.”

“Blade River emperor?”

“Not a bad name, the moment I hear that name, I recall what happened earlier.”

…

As the group of watching emperors discussed, they all agreed on a title for the human. Some warriors were given their titles from some super powers during their official days or emperor days, however others were named through terrifying incidents, or battle results that made everybody agree on a name together.

Without a doubt, the latter kinds had more persuasive abilities.

The battle for the sacrificial tower treasure thus came to an end, and the result of the battle ended with the title…Blade River emperor! He had killed fourteen emperors and put an emperor limit in a coma. He even chased Blood Beast emperor away. Such a result made his title spread even faster!

The automaton camp had their virtual world, within which the over 200 emperors had talked about him with their friends and described his strength.

From a hundred to ten thousands, and ten thousand to a million.

The bug camp, human camp, the demon camp, everybody soon received news about it and because the news was so terrifying, whoever heard it spread it even more.

“What? fourteen emperors fell?”

“Heavy Arrow is in a coma? That’s an emperor limit, how did he lose so badly?”

“Human Blade River emperor?’

“Blade River emperor is too powerful.”

“Is he that strong?”

…

And the one that managed to get away, Blood Beast emperor naturally heard of the discussions in camp. This camp was the automaton base closest to Yan Ji continent, and the news naturally spread like wildfire here. He naturally became a stepping stone for Blade River emperor’s name to rise.

The news of Blood Beast fleeing in fear spread fast.

“Scum.” He grit his teeth. “That human simply relied on the strongest flame god crystal! If he didn’t have that, how could he deal with me!”

“Scum, despicable scum!” He howled within.

He had also received calls from several friends along with mails, asking him about what happened. This made it hard for him to live.

“My undying body is severely damaged, losing 42%. If I continue here in the outer region wars, my enemies will definitely deal with me while I’m weak. Hm, it’s time I returned to the race and recuperate.” Blood Beast took the base’s travel points and headed back to automaton territory.

Through a secluded area in the territory, he teleported via god country.

Within his vast god country.

Weng!

A shrine floated within the highest peaks of the god country, and suddenly a blinding blood colored light lit up and engulfed the entire god country.

The grass, flatlands, mountains, islands and other regions had countless single eyed men and women that looked up at the light, after which they all knelt down excitedly. Trillions of such people shouted in worship in their own tongue, “God! God! God!”

A sea of shouts filled the entire god country.

Within the core of the god country, within the shrine.

Blood Beast sat in his throne and heard the calls from the countless people in his god country. He began to smile, as his mood started to brighten up.

Sou! A distant beam of light flew over and more beams shot over, all entering the shrine. In an instant, nine undyings stood within. These were all soul slaves, hence naturally they were completely loyal to him. However only two of them were the same race as Blood beast, the rest were of other races.

Nine undyings, and only one emperor, the rest of them were officials.

“Master.” The nine of them bowed respectfully.

“From now on, I will stay in here for a long time. I’ll appear after a 100 million years, and my territory will be left to Ba Nuo Er to take care of.” His voice boomed within the over 10,000 km tall shrine.

“Yes master.” A snake head undying replied respectfully.

“Master, you injury…” A single eyed male said anxiously below.

“You can all leave.”

Blood Beast said solemnly.

“Yes.” The nine of them bowed respectfully and left, leaving only Blood Beast in his shrine.

He was already calm now, muttering, “Blade River emperor…”

Even though he was enraged, he recognized how terrifying of an enemy Blade River was. To produce two strongest flame god crystals…even his own entire wealth wasn’t enough to buy two, and Blade River even managed to withstand the full blast.

Just these two points alone made Blade River terrifying.

“You, were nameless before.”

“And now you’ve become renowned as I became your stepping stone. However, I know that an emperor capable of withstanding the strongest crystal blast, definitely will achieve a lot more in the future.” He muttered, “Unless I breakthrough to become a knight, it will be hard for me to match you.”

“I’ll appear a hundred million years later.”

Rumble…

The shrine door closed and he began his long road to recovery…

Actually to a being like Blood Beast, they all had extremely long life spans, just like True Yan. A 100 million years was but a short portion of their life, and staying shut in for that amount of time was a very normal thing for them.

Within the primal universe primal chaos city.

True Yan had always been observing Luo Feng’s growth. When Yang unleashed his strength and killed fourteen emperors, leaving Heavy Arrow comatose and Blood Beast fleeing, gaining himself the title Blade River emperor, True Yan immediately found out through the countless races that were spreading the news.

“Unbelievable.”

“Even though he used countless treasures, Luo Feng was still only a sector lord. How did he get so strong? Even a pinnacle emperor was killed by him, and an emperor limit was left in coma?” True Yan was stunned. No matter what, Luo Feng was still a sector lord!

Many treasures had harsh requirements to use, if one had insufficient strength, it was hard to unleash its strength.

The general armor required hundred sector lord’s strength in foundation to be used. Luo Feng had this because he had become a black warrior, trained in the Nameless manual’s second volume and used beast god transformation. That was why he could use the general armor! It was obvious that even with treasure, it was still hard to raise one’s strength that much.

“True Yan!” A booming voice resounded within True Yan’s mind.

True Yan was shocked.

He immediately replied respectfully, “Primal chaos city leader.”

“The news of Luo Feng being Blade River emperor must be kept a complete secret. It cannot be spread.” The booming voice resounded within his mind.

“Yes.”

…

Within the primal ruins, amidst the vast corpses all about, the city leader sat silently within.

“Even though Luo Feng relied on the flame god crystals, Fei Mo poison, and Sha Wu wings, he is still only sector lord, and he even used his earth body, to do so much…” Even though he paid attention to Luo Feng, he was still one of the pinnacle beings of humanity itself. Many important matters were handled by him and many other even more critical problems were all solved by him. He at most occasionally checked in on Luo Feng.

He was very clear…

The universe was fair. How much strength could a sector lord unleash, even with a lot of treasures? Making an emperor limit fall into a coma, how hard was that?

“Is it linked to the Yan Shen King armor? But the techniques used by the Yan Shen race themselves are gone, and the requirements on the body alone are extremely harsh. Normally only low emperors can fully use the king armor. My disciple, can his earth body trigger the strength of the king armor?” He said softly. “Looks like I’ll have to find time to talk to him properly.”

“Blade River emperor…”

“Interesting. He is able to receive an emperor title at sector lord level.” He then closed his eyes and stopped thinking about Luo Feng, as he had to focus on the predicament his true body was in…


Chapter 862: Ancient Clock

When the name of Blade River emperor spread about, many emperors that Luo Feng had gotten close to immediately contacted him. They were incredibly passionate with their greetings. Luo Feng initially still dealt with them, “I was forced to do so, Blood Beast and Heavy Arrow both wanted to kill me. I had no choice but to give my all! Hence it ended up like that.”

“Luck, just luck.”

“Haha, thanks.”

After dealing with some friends, he couldn’t be bothered anymore and shut off his virtual universe reception.

Within his internal world.

A silver armored Luo Feng stood at the peak of a mountain, looking at the few treasures that laid there. Those emperors had ancient robes, powerful weapons and seemingly special perfect armors and some world and space rings. Luo Feng’s gaze naturally landed on the ancient clock.

“Ancient clock.” Luo Feng thought, “I better examine this carefully.”

To examine this ancient clock, he sent his earth body into the internal world. As for outside…he let the golden horned beast with the Sha Wu wings lay hidden within a cave. In terms of strength, the beast was much stronger than his earth body, as it didn’t fear any warriors outside.

“These words…”

The ancient clock had countless complex words on it, they were blocky letters but not like any he had seen before.

“Babata, do you recognize these words?” He asked mentally. Babata had frequently searched through the virtual universe network, and any language that Luo Feng could search for with his status had been completely memorized by Babata.

“I know countless languages, yet I haven’t seen this one before.” Babata replied.

“Ah.”

Luo Feng nodded and didn’t ask anymore, and gathered his focus on the clock. It was about 3m tall and had a diameter of close to 3m. There were also countless words on it. From the looks of it…these words seemed to have some relationship, almost like a formless thread weaved through them, forming peculiar engravings.

“I don’t understand it.” He shook his head.

“I’ll first meld with it.” He gently touched its body. A heat wave pulsed through him, almost like a soldering iron, he immediately sent spirit energy in. The ownerless clock swiftly absorbed the energy and easily recognized Luo Feng as its new master.

Rumble…its consciousness howled.

An ancient message poured into Luo Feng’s mind before it finally stopped.

“Battle technique, Demon note Flame god clock?” Luo Feng frowned. A technique on how to use the clock pulsed through his mind, however all he got was the first level. Only when one had completed this first level would he be able to read the second level.

However the requirements for this first level alone were extremely harsh. It required one to comprehend the fire and space laws well to make progress.

“It’s no wonder Purple Clock could control the force of the flame god crystal explosion that way to kill Gold Cang. He should have completed the first level.” Luo Feng muttered. “Just the requirements for the first level alone are so high. Looks like this is a treasure suitable for knights.”

Luo Feng’s perspectives were incredibly high, like these items that were incredibly strong right from the beginning, which had harsh requirements too, obviously it was suited for warriors to grow to knights before using.aaawassss

“Fusion!”

Luo Feng tried fusing it into his body, but it seemed to be stopped at his skin level. The general armor imprint on his body shook violently.

“Hm?” He frowned. With a thought, the silver armor vanished and he forced the General armor pearl out. at this point, he was only wearing the cloud contact armor. He tried fusing with the ancient clock again.

Hu!

In an instant, the clock melded into his body, into his muscles and organs, becoming one with him.

“So it’s like that.” He shook his head, “This ancient clock is worthless to me, it’s such a pity.”

The clock was indeed a true treasure. I could diffuse 90% of soul and physical attacks! It’s defensive abilities seemed to be on par with the General armor. Of course, the general armor gave him the strength of 10,000 sector lords…this was something the clock didn’t have, however the general armor had harsh requirements for usage too. Other humans couldn’t even use it. But the ancient clock didn’t have such problems in recognizing its owner, as long as one sent in his spirit imprint, that would do it.

He had to admit that this was a true treasure.

And a priceless one at that.

But it was useless to him.

Because defensive items had ultimately limited usage. For example, those that could meld with his skin meant that he could only wear one of these. It wasn’t such that…one warrior could simultaneously wear ten to hundred armors. The general and soldier armor pearls melded into the muscles and organs etc, that meant he could only have one at a time.

It was impossible…

For one to wear several king armors, general and soldier armors together. To wear another, he had to first force out the previous one.

To meld with the ancient purple, he had to force the general armor pearl out!

The logic was the same, similar defensive items couldn’t work together.

The general armor and the ancient clock, Luo Feng could only pick one at a time. He would naturally pick the general armor.

“This is definitely a treasure, one that is used by knights.” He said softly. “It’s a pity that I have the general armor already! The golden horned beast even has the stronger king armor! These armors are better suited for me…”

…

Even though he was somewhat disappointed, he was still very happy, as this was still a true treasure. In terms of price it should far exceed the 560 billion, and he had another thought…True Yan had always been good to him, this may help him.

“Let’s see my other rewards.” Luo Feng instantly left the internal world and entered a world ring.

A vast desert was within the world, and there lay a powerful undying body. Even in a comatose state, the formless pressure…was still as terrifying.

“Heavy Arrow emperor.”

He smiled and faced him. “Back when you were heavily injured, you chose to self destruct. If you did so…countless years later you may be revived, even though you’ll have to pay a huge price. However, after becoming my slave, you’ll never have that possibility. Back then you still had the hopes of fleeing, you didn’t expect the three thorns of the cloud contact vine to pierce your body, forcing you into a comatose state.”

It was extremely rare for such a thing to happen.

Heavy Arrow didn’t expect the cloud contact vine to pierce his body and corrode his undying body, forcing him into a coma.

“From today on, you’ll become my slave.” Luo Feng looked at Heavy Arrow before him, nad unleashed the 10,000 soul control technique. Unlike controlling the bug queen Alina before, even though she too was in a comatose state, that was a technique Hu Yan Bo had used on her.

The moment Luo Feng used his move, Alina awoke and began to resist.

Heavy Arrow however was seriously injured, and he had lost his consciousness. Right now he was like a fish waiting to be sliced, with no resistance whatsoever.

In an instant…

“Success.” Luo Feng smiled.

However as he looked at Heavy Arrow lying there lifelessly, he frowned. Right, he had control over Heavy Arrow, but it did nothing to help his injuries. He was still in a comatose state from his injuries, like this, Heavy Arrow was useless to him.

“I have to recover his strength and his undying body.” Luo Feng pondered. “There are many treasures in the universe that can help his recovery, but they are all extremely expensive. How much should I spend to recover this emperor limit slave, is it worth it?”

“However, this is an absolutely loyal slave, who is able to teleport. With him helping me, my exploration of the universe will be much more convenient.”

“I’ll first go research.”

He had killed fourteen emperors in total this time. A few armors, weapons and treasures in world rings added to a lot. Like the silver armor Purple Clock wore, this alone was worth fifty billion in the Hong alliance city shops, as it was capable of diffusing 50% of physical attacks!

50% and 90%, it may seem small in difference.

In truth, diffusing 50% allowed Purple Clock’s defense to double. Diffusing 90% meant ten times the defence! It was obvious that the ancient clock, general and king armor, these were all extremely priceless. The general and king armors could be used in many ways, and their prices were definitely shocking. Even so, the king armor was still only regarded as being worth fifty billion in the Hong alliance treasure shop.

…

Luo Feng spent two days through the virtual universe network and Hong alliance before finally confirming the price of his goods.

Heavy Arrow’s wealth was worth about sixty billion mixed elements (Luo Feng took off his ring and forcefully broke into it to take his treasures.)

The wealth of the thirteen emperors added together was about fifty billion mixed elements.

Purple Clock’s wealth was worth about 120 billion, not counting the ancient clock!

In total.

230 billion mixed elements plus the ancient clock!

“It’s still best to deal with powerful warriors like Purple Clock, as the rewards are much higher.” Luo Feng muttered. “After killing the normal emperors, thirteen of them only gave me fifty billion, and it created such a fuss. The more I kill them the more I’d attract the attention of the super beings.”

“Hmph.”

“Purple Clock type of warriors are the best. However, these special encounters warriors usually have powerful trump cards.” He thought, “Killing them is hard too.”

“Like me, whoever kills me would truly strike it rich.”

“But killing me wouldn’t be that easy.” He thought, “If forced into a critical situation, I can call for the primal chaos city leader to save me! The moment he appears, anyone would be stunned! Seems right, the Sha Wu wings are such a treasure, I only got it because he gave it to me. If it weren’t a gift from such a super being, stealing it would only be a dream.”

Stealing the ancient clock was still possible.

But the Sha Wu wings? That was but a dream.

“If I have to let him appear, I would be too much of a failure.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“What should I do now, how should I deal with these goods and the sleeping Heavy Arrow?” Luo Feng had more problems now, but fortunate problems.


Chapter 863: Recovered Heavy Arrow Emperor

Through Luo Feng’s study on how to awaken and recover Heavy Arrow, he came to know of one good and one bad news.

The good news was that even though Heavy Arrow was an emperor limit, the level of emperor limit was through body amplification techniques that rose his strength for an instant. The overall energy still didn’t change, just like how the golden horned beast uses Deities of the world.

However the reason behind the strength growth was the shrinking of the body and increased density of muscles etc.

The comatose Heavy Arrow naturally had dispersed his amplification technique, his body now was at most a normal pinnacle emperor

Hence to recover Heavy Arrow or a pinnacle emperor had no difference.

The bad news was…

There were 2 parts to his recovery, one was to awaken and the 2nd was to recover. As long as he was awake, he would have his own consciousness, he could personally absorb the treasures and energy to recover, while asleep, he couldn’t do it himself, hence the amount of treasure needed was much more expensive.

The awakening stage required 63 billion mixed elements, even though it was simply raising his undying body from 12% to 20%, it was extremely expensive.

The recovery stage required 58 billion.

It may not seem like much, but an emperor limit’s entire wealth was but about that much. They had accumulated that amount over countless years, like Blood Beast, he would rather lock himself in to train slowly over a 100 million years than spend that amount.

…

In space, the 26th camp.

“Bought!” Luo Feng sat on the peak of the snow mountain and gritted his teeth, “No matter what, this is an emperor limit! A living one has space to grow, with the resources that I provide…it would definitely be faster than his own training, he might get even stronger.”

In terms of strength, Heavy Arrow was stronger than Luo Feng.

However in terms of resources, he was an other race undying, how could he compare to Luo Feng of humanity? Luo Feng was the disciple of the primal chaos city leader, his resources were much more. Taking some and giving it to his soul slave would be plenty for his slave.

…

The following days were spent buying and selling, luckily the dealings weren’t as complex as when he had to sell the treasure from the sacrificial tower. It was much easier this time.

Half a month later.

230 billion mixed elements, he spent about 120 on buying the materials required for Heavy Arrow to fully recover, he also spent another 30 billion on another strongest flame god crystal, leaving 80 billion plus the little left from the treasure from before.

His cash was about 90 billion, he wasn’t in a rush to use it.

Whether it was strengthening Deities of the world or the cloud contact vine, or the 1,000 vine star eating plant, this amount was far from enough. Luo Feng sighed, “A plant life form and automaton weapons etc, these all rely heavily on countless treasures, and the countless treasures…require huge amounts of wealth!”

1 month after Blade River emperor got famous, within a world ring.

A nutrition cabin built according to Blade river’s specifications, 10m long and 4m wide lay on the sand, black clothed Luo Feng looked at the sleeping Heavy Arrow beside him and used his world energy to drag him into the cabin.

Di! Luo Feng gently pressed the button.

Hua…

A transparent cover on the surface automatically closed, simultaneously releasing a large amount of liquid and materials within, many were broken down fragments and placed within the liquid. The most expensive was 1 San Jin Bo Luo leaf, this leaf alone took up 50 billion of the total amount of 63 billion.

Chi chi chi…the liquid engulfed Heavy arrow as the mysterious energy seeped into his body, the liquid began to bubble and boil about.

“It’s begun.” Luo Feng muttered softly.

“Heavy arrow, if you didn’t become my slave, you’d probably sleep for countless years.” Luo Feng looked at the cabin and smiled, “Of course if given the choice, you probably wouldn’t choose to become my slave. No matter how weak you are, it’s still your own, no matter how strong a slave is, he’s still a slave…it can’t be helped, this is the rule of the strong. You were forced by me into a coma, who can you blame? You can only blame your own lack of strength!”

Minutes and seconds passed.

The liquid within began to grow dim, about 3 days later, Luo Feng, who had been standing beside all the while could feel a ripple of consciousness from his slave.

“Almost.” Luo Feng smiled.

The moment that ripple was there, it only took another hour for Heavy arrow to regain consciousness.

Hu la! The liquid in the cabin instantly became clear as the treasures within were swallowed immediately.

The transparent cabin opened.

Heavy arrow jumped out onto the sand, looking at Luo Feng, he couldn’t help but exclaim, “One moment’s folly and I’ve become an eternal slave. However for master to use such valuable treasures to awaken me, he must be a good master.” With control on his soul, Heavy arrow naturally had a good impression of Luo feng, filled with worship.

He sensed that he was now a slave and being controlled, however he had no sense of disobedience at all. The control worked on the very essence of the soul, he naturally regarded his master as good and obeyed him.

This was a soul slave!

From the soul, he was an absolutely loyal slave.

Unlike the microchip controlled slaves, even though they were controlled, they were still unhappy from within, wanting to change their fates. A soul slave never had that possibility.

“Master.” Heavy arrow bowed respectfully.

“Hm.” Luo Feng looked at him, a black armor appeared on Heavy arrow along with a mask. He was over 8m tall, even though he bowed extremely low, it was still like talking to a 3 storey tall giant, it didn’t feel good.

“Shrink to my height.” Luo Feng said.

“Yes master.” Heavy arrow immediately shrank, quickly changing to 1.7m, he bowed almost like a butler.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

An undying could easily change his size, however it would affect their strength, the original size was the optimum size. Heavy arrow would lose 30% of his strength by shrinking so much!

“Stay this way normally, only return to your original form during battle.” Luo Feng said.

“Yes master.” Heavy arrow replied respectfully, “However I just awoke, and my undying body isn’t even at 20%, my strength is greatly affected.”

“Later, I will help you recover your full strength quickly.” Luo Feng flipped his hand and immediately an ancient clock appeared in mid air, landing on the sand. Heavy arrow looked at it, his eyes gleaming, the powerful energy emanating from it would make anybody turn.

Luo Feng smiled.

“That’s a true treasure.” Heavy arrow was excited, such a treasure was normally used by knights. To emperors…very few actually had such a treasure.

“Give it a shot.” Luo Feng smiled, he had already gotten rid of the spirit imprint on it before, it was currently without a master. Even though in his plan, he had wanted to help his teacher True Yan, seeing if it was suitable for him, that was something for when he returned to Primal chaos city, it was best to pass it to Heavy Arrow first.

And the ancient clock was suited for a warrior proficient in fire and space laws, his teacher true yan was proficient in ground and space, it was hard to tell if it would be useful to him.

“Yes.” Heavy arrow was very excited, he rubbed the clock and left his spirit imprint.

Hu!

The clock entered his body and a faint clock silhouette appeared on the surface of his skin, hiding itself after.

“Hm?” Heavy Arrow’s eyes seemed worried.

“Master.” He said respectfully, “This ancient clock has to be triggered by one proficient in fire and space laws. And i…relied on the ground laws to become undying, even though I have some comprehension of the fire laws, it’s not much.”

“Ah?” Luo Feng looked at him.

Heavy arrow said nervously, “However I did get recognized by the fire laws too, even though after reaching undying, my body has already become part of the ground laws and it’s hard to comprehend others. I still ultimately have been recognized for the fire laws, there’s still some hope.”

“Haha…” Luo Feng smiled, “I’ll let you use it for now, even if you are unable to use its other abilities, just its defense is extremely powerful. Hurry and comprehend more of the fire law.”

“These are the treasures you need to recover.”

Luo Feng casually tossed out a space ring at him, after Heavy arrow received it and checked, he was extremely gleeful, “Thank you master!”

“Hm, hurry and regain your strength, I’ll need your help in exploring the dangerous regions of the universe.” Luo Feng smiled.

…

At sector lord level, every law was easy and close.

At undying, the soul had already become part of the body, this was formed by undying energy and the law energies were a part of it. For example, if one used the ground laws to become undying, trying to study the other fire, water, light or wind laws after would be extremely hard, millions of times harder.

Of course there were exceptions.

If one had gotten recognized by the laws early on, there would be no backlash, it would simply be as hard.

Also…

The 5 basic laws added to one law above, the space law.

One could comprehend all 5 laws to become undying before studying the space law, even though there would be some backlash, there was a possibility of it still happening, only it was much harder than at sector lord level.

Wind, thunder and light could also be used to study the time law.

If one had studied the wind law but wanted to study the space law after, it was possible at sector lord level, however once he reached undying, it was impossible.

3 months passed in the blink of an eye and Heavy arrow regained his full strength, returning to his optimum strength.


Chapter 864: Star Tower

“Master, you wish to go to Star tower?” Within the villa, Heavy arrow carried a tray of dishes, his expression shocked, “This, don’t you wish to leave the outer region wars, why are you going to star tower?”

Luo feng sat on the sofa and sipped his wine smiling, “I’ve already reached my contribution points quota, but since I’ve come all the way here, how can I not go to the most dangerous place in this battlefield, wouldn’t it be a waste? In terms of danger level, Yan Ji continent is a whole level below star tower.”

“It is indeed so.” Heavy arrow said respectfully, “There are very few emperors on Yan Ji continent, however there are hundreds of thousands of emperors there on star tower.”

“So many?” Luo Feng was shocked, “Our Hong alliance only has a total of over 3 million, this is only the 7th battlefield’s star tower, how can so many emperors be there.”

Even though he had planned on going, he hadn’t fully studied up on star tower.

“It’s not a lot.” Heavy arrow said, “The Hong alliance and humanity itself are 2 different things. Anyone who joins the Hong alliance is from a race that completely ally themselves with humanity, any battle or war is completely controlled within humanity’s leadership. The outer region war human camp is completely different…this is a lax camp, the Hong alliance is but a part of it. With trillions of races in the universe, and so many warriors here in the wars, many races that have no relationship with the Hong alliance would mix with humanity to be sent out here too.”

“Hence, it may be said to be the war of the 4 pinnacle races, in truth, it’s really the war of countless other races. Of course the number of warriors would be absurd.”

“The number of emperors in total in the outer region wars…hehe, even if it’s only 1% of the all the emperors in the universe, it would still be terrifying.”

“This is one reason.”

“Another reason is…star tower is a very special place, it’s more dangerous than others and attracts more warriors.” Heavy Arrow said, “As for it’s specialty, if you check, you’ll find out easily.”

“Ah?”

Luo Feng sat on his sofa and looked ahead, ordering, “Projection.”

A virtual projection appeared in mid air and Luo Feng’s arm screen connected with it, he began to search through information on the virtual universe network.

…

A majestic 9 storey tower appeared on the projection, completely square shaped and similar to some towers in china on earth. Surrounding this majestic tower were countless nebula whirlpools that were simply mesmerizing.

Star tower, 9 light years tall, it had been here trillions of years ago when the battlefield was forged, over countless years, it had absorbed endless amounts of energy from the universe, forming the 9 whirlpool nebulas about. They seemed like nebulas but were in fact terrifying energy whirlpools.

9 nebula whirlpools, the ones closest to the tower was the strongest.

The 4th whirlpool, even emperors could barely withstand it, only a knight could safely enter.

The 7th, even a knight would perish.

…

The ancient star tower was completely black, its material was unknown, it was completely undamaged from the 4 pinnacles forging the battlefield…even the powerful universe masters couldn’t damage it.

…

There were the Sealed stars within the tower, every sealed star was about the size of a normal star, after melding, it could be used to seal warriors, after defeating them they could be sealed within this stars. The enemy would never be able to break out. Such a treasure…even the knights would go crazy for.

And within the 9 light year tall tower, it produced countless sealed stars, just like rain drops, even though they were true treasures, they were common within the tower.

It couldn’t be helped…

Unless the sealed stars released themselves, even the knights had no way to forcefully take them out.

…

Information poured in as Luo Feng stared wide eyed.

“This, this, this…” he was shocked, “Even knights would die from the Nebula whirlpools? And, there are countless knight level treasure Sealed stars?”

“Right.”

Heavy arrow exclaimed, “I heard that the powerful universe masters can safely enter the 9 nebula whirlpools. As for the sealed stars… look a the pictures behind, they do show many of them within, I’ve been exploring star tower for many years too, I’ve seen hundreds of them, yet I cannot obtain them, unless they break off themselves… otherwise there’s no way to get them. I heard the absolute beings of the 4 pinnacle races had a huge war when they first discovered the star tower.”

“Huge war?” Luo Feng was curious, even though his status was high, he had only lived for a few thousand years, he naturally didn’t know as many stories as an ancient being like Heavy Arrow emperor.

“Hm.”

Heavy arrow nodded, “When the 4 pinnacle races forged the battlefield back then, they picked a distant star field and began their sweep. When they discovered star tower, those knights in charge of the sweep discovered how terrifying the 9 nebula whirlpools were, discovering that their attacks had no effect on the tower. They immediately regarded it as treasure, I heard they called the universe masters of their race over, for this star tower…the 4 pinnacle races had a huge war, I heard countless knights fell, as to who won, nobody knows. I only know that even the great universe masters couldn’t do anything about the tower, leaving it here for countless years after!”

“Ah?” Luo Feng nodded.

The treasures could grow in size.

However, most were limited, like the Sha Wu wings, it could reach as wide as light years outside his body. However the prerequisite was his own strength.

This star tower was 9 light years tall, it produced countless sealed stars, but even universe masters couldn’t deal with it.

“The countless races in the universe all have this saying…star tower is a unique treasure of the universe.” Heavy arrow exclaimed, “It was a treasure that even universe masters would go crazy for, however, even within trillions of years in that space, no one was able to forcefully take it away, this was why it became renowned.”

“Impressive.” Luo Feng exclaimed.

An ownerless tower, able to form nebula whirlpools and easily destroy knights…causing the 4 pinnacle races to fight madly for it. However, even after that, no one was able to take it away…treasures on the same level as the ancient clock were countless within…

Enough to make countless warriors go crazy for!

“Pinnacle races are the strongest races in the universe.” Heavy arrow said, “The 4 races, even they weren’t able to take it away. This has made countless warriors deduce…that relying on brute force alone is useless, the tower should be awaiting a master that was suitable. Or, that no one was worthy enough to be its master.”

“Damn.” Luo Feng choked.

“There are countless rumors, but every warrior hopes that they may be the lucky owner of the star tower, its reasoning is still unclear.” He smiled, “And because countless warriors have this hope, there are many emperors around the star tower. And…the star tower would occasionally break off one of its sealed stars! Every sealed star is a true treasure capable of sealing away enemies, enough to make emperors go crazy for. Plus, even the universe masters are unable to destroy the area, naturally this became a pinnacle battleground.”

Luo Feng nodded.

There were treasures suited for universe masters in the universe, like the Sha Wu wings, though it had little effect. Those special items that they used for battle, it was normal for them to be virtually indestructible.

“Widen my horizons.” Luo feng exclaimed, “I have to go take a look.”

“Heavy Arrow, let’s go.” Luo Feng got up.

“We are leaving now?” Heavy arrow was shocked.

“Right.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed with excitement.

“Yes master.” Heavy arrow replied respectfully.

They travelled in the dark universe with the Yun Mo planet ship for 2 days, finally reaching the closest travel point to star tower.

…

Ripples appeared in the space and a malevolent triangular blood red ship appeared, within the control room, silver winged and armored Luo Feng stood alone. He had placed Heavy arrow within his world ring, in terms of battle strength, Luo Feng wasn’t too weak, he was strong enough to explore star tower.

If he encountered danger, only then would he let Heavy arrow out. Revealing your trump card too early wasn’t a wise thing to do.

“Wow!”

An automaton child jumped excited beside Luo Feng, pointing at the space ahead, “Luo Feng, look look, star tower, what a big star tower, 9 light years tall! This tower is so much bigger than those on Yan Ji continent, we are so far from it and yet it is already unbelievable.”

Almost like it blocked off half of the universe, the tall majestic tower floated there.

The resplendent nebula whirlpools circled about the tower, madly swallowing endless amounts of energy, these 9 whirlpools were beautiful and also a warrior’s nightmare, even knights would die within.

“Unbelievable, truly unbelievable.” Luo feng looked at the star tower and muttered.

“Why so shocked? Didn’t you read up on it, is there a need to be so stunned.” The automaton child Babata mocked beside him.

Luo Feng was completely stunned.

When they successfully came out of universe travel, he felt a powerful calling instantly descend on him, that calling exceeded that of the soldier, general and king armor, even more than the nameless manual metal board. It caused very cell in his body to shiver, to the point where his soul was shaking!

“A treasure like the nameless manual is calling me?” Luo Feng couldn’t believe it.


Chapter 865: Entering the Tower

The tower didn’t have a master that controlled it. Since it’s nine nebular whirlpools were incredibly destructive, it was obvious why this tower was considered a legendary tower. However, for it to generate such a powerful calling on Luo Feng?

“Can I get the star tower?”

“Can I become its master?” Luo Feng didn’t dare believe it, but the calling that he sensed in his soul was very evident, it was obviously coming from the tower.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng.” The automaton child beside him Babata shouted, “Why are you spacing out?”

“Nothing.” Luo Feng took a deep breath and calmed down.

Calm.

At this critical moment, it was crucial to remain calm and not let the calling get to him.

“The star tower has been here for over a trillion years. Even the universe masters couldn’t handle it, it is legendary and priceless.” Luo Feng thought. “Teacher gave the Sha Wu wings to me, but the star tower, with its endless supply of Sealed stars within, teacher couldn’t give me something like that. It’s obvious how much stronger this star tower is than the wings.”

“If such a treasure were to land in my hands, would I dare use it?” Luo Feng thought. “Something capable of making the four pinnacle races fight over it. The moment I’m discovered to have it, many universe masters would rush over. Even if they couldn’t control it, they would very likely make me their soul slave to control the tower through me…”

Strength and treasure were interdependent.

Without strength, one didn’t have the right to have such a treasure. The Sha Wu wings were a thing that only the primal chaos city leader knew about in the vast universe, no one else could recognize its abilities. Hence the city leader dared to give it to him.

The star tower…

Its reputation was huge!

In the vast universe, amongst trillions of races, who didn’t know of the tower? If Luo Feng didn’t have sufficient strength to take it, it would be a disaster! Acquiring it would leave him with only one choice, that was to hide it and wait till his strength rose. Only when he didn’t have to fear the universe masters could he use it openly.

“I’m thinking too much, let’s head over and take a look first. At least this proves one thing, that the tower is related to the nameless manual.” Luo Feng sat in the Yun Mo planet ship and swiftly headed towards the tower.

The tower seemed close yet it was incredibly far away.

Looking at the tower that blocked off almost half of the entire universe, the ship that flew close to light speed took about ten more days to actually reach it. Even though he could easily use Heavy Arrow to teleport over…because the calling of the tower was messing with Luo Feng’s mind, he forced himself to fly these ten days to calm himself down.

The star tower itself had the nebula whirlpools circling it.

The base of it however didn’t have any. The lowest level 1 had nine entrances and many other race emperors and officials came to try their luck.

“We’ve arrived.”

A silver beam of light stopped, Silver winged and armored Luo Feng stopped at the entrance.

Before the entrance, it was impossible to see the end of it. How high was nine light years? Compared to the sun, it was still a looming mountain.

“Let’s see if it can recognize me as its master.” Luo Feng took a deep breath, as he was incredibly nervous, calming himself down as his cells within burned with rage. He extended his hand to gently touch the huge over a million km tall entrance door. The black door was ice cold, and Luo feng was filled with anticipation as he touched it.

Back then, the soldier and general armor automatically entered his body and was easy to control.

“Hm?” He frowned, there was no reaction from the door at all.

“Recognize me.” He sent a thread of spirit energy into the tower.

However it was like a drop of water falling into the ocean, instantly swallowed up. The tower remained the same and Luo Feng had no reaction from it whatsoever. He was somewhat anxious, trying with blood, changing his position, going to another door…basically he tried everything possible.

Failure, failure, and still failure!

“What’s going on?”

“How can there be no reaction at all? Even if I cannot control it, it should still have some reaction, even the Sha Wu wings I got didn’t act this way.” He was very curious. “I feel like the entire tower is calling out to me strongly. However, no matter what I try, there’s no reaction.”

Sou!

A silhouette appeared from the distance behind Luo Feng, he flashed beside Luo Feng.

“Blade River emperor?” A passionate shout resounded.

Luo Feng turned to look, it was a malevolent looking other race warrior with three curved horns and fangs, with a lizard tail on its back. It also had four legs and two arms. Luo Feng instantly recognized him, smiling, “Vulture emperor.” Vulture was a renowned pinnacle emperor within the twenty fourth base. With Luo Feng’s memory, he naturally recalled him easily.

“Haha, what a coincidence.” Vulture smiled, looking even more malevolent than before. It could only be blamed on his race’s appearance. Maybe to him, he thought that he was smiling very happily and being friendly, “I’ve heard of your incident before, and always wanted to meet you. It’s such a coincidence for me to meet you here at star tower. Were you trying to get it to recognize you as its owner earlier?”

Luo Feng was stunned

“Give me a second, I’ll give it a shot too.” Vulture went to the side and tried all sorts of methods on it, be it blood, or spirit imprint etc. After awhile, he turned and shook his head, “Damn, looks like I don’t have the luck. Any warrior that comes here for the first time, always gives it a shot. However over countless years, no one has ever succeeded.”

Luo Feng smiled and nodded, “I failed too.”

“Blade River emperor, how about we explore this star tower together?” He suggested. “There are many dangers within the tower and the tower itself is dangerous, along with hundreds of thousands of emperors…the battles can get terrifying.” This invite was based on strength. Vulture had obviously not invited over by anyone when he came, and the name Blade River emperor was well renowned now. Vulture naturally wanted to have him on his side.

“No thanks.” Luo Feng smiled and rejected.

Vulture didn’t push it, they were after all from different races with their own mindsets and secrets etc, he naturally wouldn’t ask further. He smiled and said, “Then I’ll head in first.” After which he became a blur and rushed into the tower.

Luo Feng waited a while before stepping in.

After confirming that the tower had a special connection with him, having other warriors around would make it troublesome. Luo Feng would rather head in alone. He even had his slave Heavy Arrow… why would he need a pinnacle emperor to go along with him.

…

He walked within the vast tower, each step crossing tens of thousands of km. His silhouette was simply a blur as he swiftly progressed. He could hear rumbling within the tower.

He had checked up quite a bit on the tower before and chatted with Heavy Arrow for awhile. Hence, he was clear about it’s construct within.

The star tower was a massive skyscraper with many ‘rooms’ within. Naturally, each room was actually a forbidden space, and every one of them was secretly linked to each other.

Also…

The countless forbidden spaces would shift about occasionally.

Meaning even though staying inside of the star tower meant that one didn’t move, as time flowed, the location of the tower would shift about.

“Forbidden spaces.” Luo Feng was currently in one of these forbidden space. The pathway before had already sealed up and vanished behind him. This was an endless desert space, and at the edges, there were formless barriers that stopped anyone from getting close.

“Scanning devices, world projection, spirit energy scan, they can only be used within a forbidden space, and would be unable to reach outside or to another space. Teleportation can only be used within here too, I cannot teleport to another forbidden space.” Luo Feng was clear on this point.

Getting out was easy.

Using god country teleportation would allow him to leave the star tower immediately. If he didn’t need to, he would have to travel within the many forbidden spaces, until he found the pathway between two spaces.

“Star tower, nine light years tall, it holds countless forbidden spaces.” Luo Feng looked about at this space.

Rumble…

The entire desert began to shake.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was shocked as he turned to look. All of the sand was shaking violently as a huge object seemed to climb out from the sand.

“I’ve never heard of Heavy Arrow talking about this.” Luo Feng quickly summoned Heavy Arrow out.

Sou!

Heavy Arrow appeared beside him and said respectfully, “Master.” Simultaneously, he noticed the shaking of the sand and his expression changed. “Such a huge disturbance? Master, the star tower is filled with dangers, and every forbidden space has its own dangers. Only they are normally dormant. Even if triggered, they have different levels of danger. The most dangerous thing about the tower is still mostly warriors killing amongst themselves. However, once the dangers of the rooms come out, they are terrifying. Such a huge disturbance means more danger! Master, did you just come in? Why does this forbidden space have such a huge disturbance?”

“This is the first forbidden room I entered.” Luo Feng looked at the sand.

The sand grew upwards!

Almost like a wild beast awakening, hua hua…countless sand particles fell off and a red armored being rose from within. Over 1,000km with a blur of over 10,000 sharp blades, a centipede like metal creature appeared. Its jade green eyes were looking at Luo Feng, and filled with killing intent.

“This, this 1,000km grade forbidden guard?” Heavy Arrow’s eyes stared wide, he turned to Luo Feng, “Master, you actually attracted a 1,000km grade forbidden guard in your first forbidden room? I’ve been here over 10,000 years and been through countless rooms. The strongest I’ve ever encountered is only a 100km grade guard!” Luo Feng frowned, “I definitely felt a strong calling from the tower, yet I was unable to make myself its master, and there was no special reaction. However the first room I entered, such a strong forbidden guard appeared…this, at least this is better than no reaction at all.

Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow were like two tiny ants, looking up at the huge forbidden guard.


Chapter 866: Forbidden Guard

“According to my research, the forbidden guards are metal automaton puppets.” Luo Feng muttered. “Even though they are just puppets, they are extremely advanced, and are unaffected by soul attacks. Normally it’s very hard to actually destroy their core within.”

“Master.”

Heavy Arrow looked at the huge fiery red centipede in the stand. Communicating mentally, “It’s quite impossible to destroy it and soul attacks are ineffective. Even though it’s energy core is very sturdy and hard to disrupt, we have only one choice…and that’s to shake it enough to destroy its core within.”

“I know.” Luo Feng nodded, his eyes fixed on the guard.

Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow watched the centipede.

The huge centipede gazed down at them almost like a lion or tiger glaring at shivering rabbits, like it was mocking them.

“Howl!!!” An ear piercing cackle resounded from its throat. The sound itself rippled strongly throughout at light speed towards Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow. This caused their brains to shake from within. When Luo Feng awoke from the shock, the centipede had already vanished from its spot and appeared above them.

The huge body was almost like a cloud that covered them from above, crushing downwards.

The blur of claws along surrounded and began to attack the two of them.

Tear…

Tens of claws were aiming at them, and every one of these were tens of km long. They were thin, sharp and long blades with nine forks each. Each blade was taller than earth’s tallest mountains came slashing at them. They rotated like a meat grinder, the universe space was easily torn apart.

“Hmph!” Luo Feng wielded his blood shadow blade and snorted coldly as he rushed into the sky and unleashed his bladework, heading straight towards the huge body.

Hua!

A silver river slash appeared. Rumble…one of the claws clashed with his blade with a loud clang, being knocked aside as the surrounding other claws rushed madly at him.

“It’s incredibly sturdy. Even my blade cannot break out of this.” Luo Feng looked at the surrounding claws, his expression changing. He had initially wanted to attack the body of the centipede immediately. Only this had the highest possibility of shaking and disrupting its energy core within.

However with the claws surrounding it, he had no way to even touch the body.

Sou!

He flapped his wings, dodging over and over before the claws. They were thick and huge, hence Luo Feng could easily dodge and evade them.

“Break!!!” Not too far away, Heavy Arrow howled.

Luo Feng turned to look.

Heavy Arrow’s energy had soared as he too was surrounded by tens of claws. He had unleashed his amplification technique and wielded his ancient bow, drawing and shooting his arrows. Just the backlash from the bow alone caused the space around to become stream particles. The arrow formed a demonic illusion and were incredibly condensed with energy, almost like two different shots.

As the arrow shot out, space split apart.

“Heavy Arrow emperor’s dual arrow!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

It was one arrow, but it gave off the effect of two. This wasn’t the space law’s illusion technique, but rather the use of his powerful undying energy with law movement. The bow technique he used made it seem like two real arrows were shot out. Back then, when Heavy Arrow was chased by Luo Feng, he didn’t even have enough strength to unleash this move.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The two arrows clashed hard against the many claws, knocking them aside.

Rumble…

The final arrow hit the stomach portion of the centipede, this was the full power of an emperor limit warrior!

Tear!

The first arrow forcefully tore at the stomach portion, revealing a wound as the second pierced right through. A huge cavity was left there as the centipede cringed, the claws that surrounded Luo Feng stopped their attacks too and withdrew.

“That powerful?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Be careful master.” Heavy Arrow flashed to beside him, communicating, “The forbidden guards have powerful defenses. Even invincible emperors have no way to tear through its body. From what I estimate, this one seems to have a weaker stomach portion, it may have other trump cards hidden.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

Xiu! Xiu!

The two of them swiftly flashed and created distance between them and the centipede. It couldn’t be helped, they were in a forbidden space, and it was impossible to escape.

Luo Feng carefully examined the twitching centipede, lightning began to sprout from its torn up stomach region. Pa! Pa! Pa! Another head forcefully sprouted from the stomach hole as it tore open, the metal began to form a whole other centipede.

Stunned.

One centipede became two.

Cackle! Cackle!

The two howled and flew at them.

“One became two, don’t tell me these two will become four?” Luo Feng flapped his wings and flew far away.

Cackle…

One centipede pierced through the skies, its countless claws climbing in mid air as the space around it shook violently. It chased Luo Feng, and its speed was pretty fast. However, with Luo Feng dodging with his max speed…even Heavy Arrow was far from his speed. This centipede could never catch up with him.

On the other end, another centipede was rushing at Heavy Arrow. Heavy Arrow once again shot an arrow at it.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

His powerful attack shot out!

The space about tore apart as the attack knocked away the claws!

The final vibrations hit the centipede’s stomach…chi! Its stomach was pierced through. Heavy Arrow rushed angrily straight at the hole, countless claws madly slashed at him to stop him. But he had long prepared another arrow…easily knocking away all the claws as he took the chance to try and pierce into the body.

Just as he reached the hole and as about to rush in.

Chi!

A gold silhouette shot out from the hole, fast as lightning. Even Heavy Arrow had no way to dodge.

Dang! It hit directly on his body and the ancient clock armor, knocking him far away. As he was flying backwards, he shot another arrow to breakthrough the other claws obstructing him.

Howl…

An ear piercing sound resounded throughout the space, shaking the entire desert.

The two huge centipedes stopped and landed on the ground.

Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow gathered.

“What’s going on, why is it so hard?” Luo Feng frowned. Heavy Arrow looked at the two, especially the one with the hole in its stomach. It was twitching there with the gold silhouette that popped out before, almost like something was about to reveal itself.

“Master.”

He said, “The true danger of Star tower is the hundreds of thousands of emperors. As for its own dangers, even though there are many, it shouldn’t be so hard for an emperor limit like me. They are usually insufficient for me to burn my undying body…this time however, there’s something wrong.”

Chi chi chi…

That centipede with a hole in its head kept twitching at its stomach, some gold thing seemed to be climbing out.

“From what I know, there’s only one reason why it’s so troublesome.” He said.

“Speak.” Luo Feng felt something was amiss.

Heavy Arrow was an emperor limit.

If a forbidden guard had to force him to burn part of his undying body, then wouldn’t all the pinnacle and high emperors be dead? In truth…star tower couldn’t be that dangerous, if a battlefield was that dangerous, why would so many emperors come?

“Star tower is usually very calm, unless a Sealed star is about to release.” Heavy Arrow’s eyes gleamed with fire.

“A sealed star is about to release?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“After we settle this guard, you can check with your friends in the virtual universe to see if those in star tower have encountered dangers too.” Heavy Arrow said. “If a large group has encountered trouble, then a sealed star may possibly be released soon. A huge fight is about to occur here.”

Luo Feng held his breath.

Defeating an emperor was easy, sealing was hard and killing was even harder!

And the Sealed star is a sealing treasure. As long as one was slightly stronger than the enemy, he could use the sealed star to seal his enemy within! The enemy would never be able to escape as its material was incredibly special. Once trapped within, even a knight wouldn’t be able to forcefully break out.

Of course, it would be much more troublesome to seal a knight.

However it was still a true treasure, that was enough to make countless warriors from trillions of races go mad for. There were already many gathered here, while others may rush over. One could only imagine how brutal the bloodshed would be for the sealed stars. Every one of them would invite a huge massacre!

“Master, you just entered star tower and something like this is happening, looks like you are fated to get the sealed star.” Heavy Arrow said. In a slave’s heart, his master was the most important thing in the universe.

Pa pa pa!!!

The centipede with a hole in its stomach had its hole enlarged as a gold armored creature climbed out. It was a 20m long gold armored scorpion, and its tail was sharp and bent. Heavy Arrow squinted at it, it was this tail that attacked him earlier.


Chapter 867: Danger

The two huge centipedes were each hundreds of km in length. This gold armored scorpion however was only 20m long. It was almost like an ant compared to the tw huge mountains.

Pa!

It gently waved its tail, causing explosions in the space around it. Tears could be seen as its dark blood red eyes stared hard at Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow.

Howl…it let out an ear piercing howl.

Cackle! Cackle!

The two huge centipedes obeyed it, lying down respectfully as the scorpion climbed on it, never taking its eyes off Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow.

Luo Feng stared back.

“Master, this gold armored creature is very strong. I only exchanged a quick blow with it earlier.” Heavy Arrow said, “Even though it doesn’t know any laws, its pure attack is still slightly stronger than a pinnacle emperor, and its tail…should be its strongest offensive weapon.”

Luo Feng stared at the scorpion and replied, “Have you found its weak point?”

“No.” Heavy Arrow said, “When I fought with the huge guard earlier, I discovered its body regions were weaker, and my arrows could pierce right through. However it could also be because it was hiding this gold armored creature within, hence it made its stomach region easier to break out off. As for this creature…its defense is much stronger, and dealing with it will be troublesome. It’s not wise to butt heads with it. If we drag out this fight, we may discover the pathway out of this forbidden space, then we can swiftly leave. The guards have no way to leave their own space.”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng stared carefully.

He had the feeling that even though the scorpion was staring at the two of them, it seemed more focused on him, and not the stronger Heavy Arrow.

Howl…the creature suddenly howled.

Rumble! Rumble!

In the distance, the two centipedes lying down suddenly moved, both rushing at Heavy Arrow. Of course because of their size, and Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow were both close by, it seemed like both of them were simply attacking both of them. Luo Feng immediately dodged while Heavy Arrow went another direction.

Fight it out with the guards, using flame god crystals? Burning undying body? It wasn’t worth it at all.

Drag the battle out!

Drag it till they discovered a pathway out.

“Cackle! Cackle!” The two huge centipedes called out, both rushing at Heavy Arrow, one on each side. With their huge form, it was almost like two red clouds descending on him, along with the blur of 10km long claws, it was like a blade forest which was engulfing Heavy Arrow.

An ancient clock appeared on his body. He was an emperor limit with an undying body, with the ancient clock protecting him…even the strongest flame god crystal explosion would hardly even make him lose 1% of his undying body. The two centipedes may seem powerful and capable of suppressing him but in truth, it was hard to harm even a hair of him.

…

“Weird.” Luo Feng was stunned as he noticed the two centipedes attack Heavy Arrow.

“Howl…” The gold armored scorpion which was sitting in the distance finally made its move.

Xiu!

It waved its tail like a gold lightning bolt, piercing at Luo Feng.

“Let’s see just how strong this scorpion is.” Luo Feng was confident in his defense, plus the scorpion wasn’t as huge as the centipedes. Being trapped by them was troublesome, against this scorpion however, with just 20m in size, Luo Feng could easily dodge…and escape.

The gold scorpion was a gold beam of light, and Luo Feng was a silver beam of light. The two of them instantly clashed.

Rumble…

A resplendent silver slash clashed with its claw, and the even fast tail of the scorpion formed a gold beam of light, piercing at the unstable Luo Feng who was flying backwards from the clash. Luo Feng however reacted fast enough, waving his wing infront.

Chi!

The sharp tail clashed with the Sha Wu wings. This force that had knocked away an emperor limit earlier caused Luo Feng to be knocked back in a silver beam of light. As for the scorpion, it had hit an immovable wall, the undamaged wings created a huge force back at it…

It caused the scorpion to roll backwards for awhile.

“Heavy Arrow is right.” He flapped his wings to stop in mid air, gazing at the scorpion. “The tail is indeed powerful, against such an automaton puppet, the Fei Mo poison is useless.”

“Then receive another attack.”

Luo Feng wielded his blood shadow blade and instantly became a beam of light rushing forward.

Howl…the scorpion rushed at him too, force against force, it had no fear.

Luo Feng raised his blade!

The scorpion used its pincers to defend.

Hua!

Luo Feng’s right wing flapped hard as he unleashed moon policy. One had to know that this pinnacle technique was created for wing usage, and later on adapted for the blade. The scorpion which was defending against his blade was suddenly hit by the silver wing and thrown off balance.

As the distance between them was too close. Luo Feng had unleashed it when they had gotten extremely close.

Chi! The edges of the wing were incredibly sharp, and as a true treasure, its sharpness exceeded any blade.

Hua!

The space around was torn apart almost as though an invincible god had appeared to attack. A silver light followed the tear and slashed at the scorpion’s body. As it touched, it became the special space energy of the Sha Wu wings that pierced inwards. Even an undying facing this energy would have his body destroyed somewhat. The defense of the scorpion too naturally weakened.

Ge chi chi chi…a weird sound, almost like a guillotine slamming into a steel bar could be heard, as the scorpion rolled backwards.

The gold armor seemed undamaged, however there was definitely damage within.

The scorpion however continued to roll into the distant desert until it stopped, lifeless.

Cackle! Cackle!

The distant huge centipedes immediately flew over, they didn’t care about Heavy Arrow anymore. One of which opened its large mouth and swallowed the metal of the scorpion, after which it glanced at Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow before burrowing into the sand.

Both centipedes burrowed deep into the sand and calm followed after.

Heavy Arrow flew over and landed beside Luo feng.

“It was that easy?” Luo Feng frowned.

Heavy Arrow who had been watching his fight said, “Master, I only clashed slightly with its tail earlier, as for his body’s defenses, I wasn’t clear about it. Your attack earlier did cause damage to its energy core within, it was afterall much smaller and the force of the attack could easily reach its core.”

…

Hearing his explanation, Luo Feng agreed. Automaton puppets were indeed that way. Destroying their bodies was tough, normally the only way to deal with them was to destroy their core within.

However he still felt something amiss.

“Heavy Arrow has never encountered such troublesome guards after so many years in here. It’s only my first time, and it’s my first forbidden space, yet this happened.”

“Also, the gold scorpion was drawn out by Heavy Arrow. Yet…it chose not to deal with him but rushed at me instead.”

“And I can feel…”

“The gazes of both centipedes and the scorpion have emotions, they were filled with killing intent, and were trying to kill me.”

“Did my coming here arouse their defenses?”

He frowned, pondering according to the situation before. Even though he could feel the strong calling from the tower, he was unable to become its master. It was completely different form the soldier, general and King armor. Also, getting a pinnacle treasure like the star tower…couldn’t be that simple.

“The closer I am to victory, the more careful I have to be.”

“The star tower is reacting differently to me. It can mean two things, one is that it’s friendly with me, another is that it truly wants to kill me.” Luo Feng thought. “If I was the creator of the tower, and I left this powerful tool here…I wouldn’t casually hand it over easily to the later generations, especially by simply relying on luck? Not possible, even to the most pinnacle of beings in the universe, the star tower is still an incredibly huge treasure.”

Luo Feng’s soul could be excited, happy and gleeful, but he always maintained his calm.

Knowing oneself!

Laughing when it was the time, being excited, nervous, angry as needed! Everything was simply being himself, yet it didn’t mean that he would lose himself to these emotions, or truly believe that his luck was heavenly, easily getting such a huge treasure like the star tower. If he was like that, he would very likely lose his life.

“I have a feeling.”

“Star tower may be the place where I die.” Luo Feng gazed about the desert forbidden space. The gold armored scorpion and centipedes had emotions in their eyes, they were filled with killing intent that made Luo feng shudder.

He wasn’t fearful of the guards, rather…of the entire tower!

“The star tower had a master before, and its master may very likely be the creator of the nameless manual. I was lucky in attaining the manual, don’t tell me, that the tower is specially used to deal with lucky people like me who got the manual unexpectedly?” Luo Feng thought. “Success means I’ll live! Failure means death?”

Many thoughts flashed within his mind…

“Master master, I’ve discovered the pathway.” Heavy Arrow shouted, waking Luo Feng from his thoughts.

“Ah, pathway?” Luo Feng looked over.

“Master, here.” Heavy Arrow walked ahead.

Sou!

They quickly reached far away. There in the center of the desert, there was a whirlpool, and within the darkness…there was star light.

“This is the pathway, I’ve been through such pathways many times.” Heavy Arrow said.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, “Let’s go.”

They stepped straight into the whirlpool…


Chapter 868: Human Name

The moment they stepped through, they landed on a stone surface, leaving the desert forbidden space.

“This is…” Luo Feng was shocked and looked around.

Within the vast space.

A rock bridge spiraled into the distance. But, there were no beams supporting it, it simply floated there downwards.

“Master, this is the pathway.” Heavy Arrow landed beside, respectfully pointing at the end of the bridge. “There’s nothing there, Reaching the end of this passage leads to another forbidden space.”

“What’s below?” Luo Feng gazed down at the void below the bridge. “Can we fly down?”

“Nothing will happen.” Heavy Arrow smiled. “Normally if your luck is good, you’ll see Sealed stars along the pathway. However, the place they are in is very dangerous, there are formless barriers that stop warriors from getting close. If one forcefully gets close, he would most likely fall. I’ve seen many sealed stars about. If my luck was good, I’d see one every one or two years. If it was poor, maybe one every 1,000 years. Back then there were some other race emperors that got very excited from seeing them, they flew directly to grab them but they were killed.”

“See one every one to two years?” Luo Feng gazed below, “I think I’ve already seen it.”

“Ah.” Heavy Arrow was stunned, he looked down too and stared wide eyed, “Indeed.”

Luo Feng gazed below.

Deep in the void, there was a star that was rolling. Its size was similar to a normal star, the energy it gave off was terrifying. It revolved there in a steady speed within the vast void…

“True treasure.” Luo Feng said.

Heavy Arrow said, “We can only look at it. There are many sealed stars in Star tower, just those recorded are plenty, along with many others that haven’t been found. It’s a pity, unless the sealed stars fall off themselves, even the invincible universe masters of the four pinnacle races cannot forcefully grab them.”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng continued forward.

“Another sealed star.” Heavy arrow walked along the stone bridge and exclaimed shocked.

Luo Feng followed. In the depths of below the bridge, they would occasionally see a revolving sealed star in a different position. It maintained such speed for trillions of years, never stopping, until it falls…

Just as he walked along the bridge, he received a call request. He immediately sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe network to receive the call.

“Yang.”

“Tian Chen emperor.” Luo Feng smiled shocked. This emperor was a human, he hadn’t been in the Hong alliance too long but he had spoken to quite a few human emperors within. Many of them were either immersed in their own training or too proud or exploring secret regions etc. Even though Luo Feng didn’t get the chance to meet a lot of them, he had gathered most of their basic information.

“I’m at star tower. Through the army system, it showed me that you are nearby, hence I immediately messaged you.” Tian Chen said.

“Ah.” Luo Feng nodded.

The army system compiled the locations of all the soldiers and broadcast them within the virtual universe system. Even in a special environment like the forbidden space where one could scan other spaces, they could still discover their allies.

“I’ve already contacted a few good friends because I was attacked by the forbidden guards within the space. It’s rare for them to be so troublesome. Three of the friends I’ve contacted encountered the same, what about you?” He asked.

“Ah, you too? I was attacked by the guards too.” Luo Feng said.

“It’s getting serious, looks like the chances of a sealed star falling is very high.” Tian Chen said. “Yang…if a sealed star were to fall, the forbidden spaces within the tower will keep drawing the warriors closer together. This would naturally gather all the warriors to where the star would fall! Everytime a sealed star falls, a huge massacre would occur, you have to be careful too. I’m entering my next space now.”

…

After ending the call with Tian Chen, Luo Feng received another six calls from allies that were closeby. Any ally within a one billion km area would be able to detect him. They all went through the same trouble and suspected the imminent fall of the sealed star. After talking to them, it seemed like…the possibility was very high.

“A sealed star is really going to fall?” Luo feng was on alert now.

Even though the sealed star was a true treasure, for Luo Feng who had the space lock arm band, the general armor, the king armor, the Sha Wu wings and the ancient clock, he wouldn’t simply lose his mind over the falling of a sealed star. With his perspective and the strong calling of the tower, his vision was much higher than others.

“A sealed star only falls once in a very long time.”

“One is falling the moment I came here?”

“Doesn’t seem like a coincidence!”

Luo Feng was on alert, asking, “Heavy Arrow, what happens when a sealed star falls?”

“They are usually different, but there are still some similarities. The forbidden spaces within the tower would all naturally join, gathering all the warriors together, resulting in a final bloodbath…” Heavy Arrow explained.

“Hm, let’s go.”

Luo Feng nodded, not speaking anymore as they quickly reached the end.

Looking at the void below the bridge, he could make out the revolving sealed stars below. He kept Heavy Arrow in his world ring and stepped through alone into another forbidden space.

…

This was an ocean world.

The moment Luo Feng stepped through, the entrance disappeared and the silver armored Luo Feng floated in the air above the ocean, looking about and searching for the pathway to the next space.

Under normal circumstances, the pathways were very easy to find, it usually took up to one day max to find it.

Hua hua hua… The waves began to churn violently, rumbling from within.

An explosion occurred right after.

Li!

An ear piercing screech could be heard. A jade blue snake like creature with a head full of metal scales flew out of the ocean, revealing close to 2km of itself above the surface. Its lower half had limbs as its appearance caused the ocean to shake from within.

Its gold eyes stared at the silver winged and armored human.

“Another guard?” Luo Feng muttered.

…

The star seemed incredibly unfriendly against Luo Feng. From the first to the ninth space, every space had a guard appear and their battle techniques and styles all had different levels of danger. The seventh space was the most dangerous one he encountered. A 1.2m short black metal gorilla wielded two huge hammers and was incredibly fast and nimble.

The smaller it was, the more nimble it was.

The black gorilla was the fastest guard he had encountered in all nine spaces. In terms of speed and dodging, it could keep up with Luo Feng. Its two hammers were more terrifying than Heavy Arrow’s attacks.

Heavy Arrow could only resort to being a shield, unless he burnt his undying body, he had no way to fight back.

It was the first time Luo Feng used his full strength with the Sha Wu wings, defending against the hammers and dodging. It took over half an hour before the exit appeared. Only then did they escape the seventh space. When they escaped, the gorilla was still howling within.

“Luckily it’s only a metal puppet, unable to burn its undying body.” Luo Feng muttered.

“Madness, this guard, in terms of strength…he’s already exceeded an emperor limit, and was even close to an invincible emperor. If it was a true god, who is able to burn his undying body, just burning a little would raise its strength over 1,000 times. I would have no resistance whatsoever.” Heavy Arrow was still reeling from the shock.

…

After the ninth space, Luo Feng didn’t get attacked by any more guards.

Within the tower, they passed through the many forbidden spaces.

“Twenty first space.” Luo Feng sat crossed legged on a fireball, as the ball flew straight to the twenty first exit.

This twenty first space was a swamp land, and two groups of other race undyings were floating in the skies above. One was from the automaton camp with twenty two undyings, all at emperor level, and two of which were automaton people.

Two automaton emperors!

The other group…was the bug camp, with six emperors. Their energy levels were however much higher. Among the six, there was one that was an emperor limit puppet. This emperor limit puppet naturally represented that terrifying bug undying.

The undying bug queens, everyone of them was a terrifying force.

“I didn’t expect to bump into them here.”

“This will be troublesome.”

“However there’s no need to fear. When the sealed star falls, our race’s Life Fall emperor will definitely appear. Our automaton race will team up, would we need to fear the bug race?”

Two similarly dressed automaton warriors in black armor exchanged glances. Beside them, the twenty other undyings obviously followed them. The automatons were few in numbers, and every emperor represented a terrifying automaton empire that was truly terrifying.

Of course under normal circumstances, they were still weaker than the bug undyings. The bug race didn’t have such level markings of emperors.

As long as a queen was undying…it would naturally be the most terrifying being beneath knight level, controlling an undying bug army…each combined attack would make countless emperors shiver in fear.

Hua!

In the distance a split in space occurred.

A silver armored and winged silhouette flew out and floated in mid air.

The automaton and bug camps were engaged in a deadlock, both sides didn’t seem to care much about the lone warrior that appeared.

“It’s Blade River emperor!”

“It’s the human Blade River emperor!”

“Ah, this is the one that chased Blood Beast emperor away and forced Heavy Arrow into a coma?”

Both sides quickly went on full alert, the reputation and incident from before made them not underestimate this human.

“This is…” Seeing the two distance camps face off in mid air in the twenty first space, especially the powerful energies they emanated, Luo Feng was nervous.


Chapter 869: Chen Hun Emperor

Luo Feng carefully examined the groups. One group was huge while the other had less undyings. The automaton side had two more prominent automaton warriors dressed in black armor, and the others crowded together. Their positions were obviously different.

“It’s a pity that I don’t know any of them.” Even though Luo Feng had studied a lot on many warriors, he knew many of the emperors on Yan Ji continent.

As for star tower…

There were hundreds of thousands of emperors from other camps, and it wasn’t easy to go through all of them.

“On the other side.” Luo Feng turned to look.

The group with lesser undyings, with a total of six emperors. However from the deadlock, he could see from their gazes and the energies they emanated that this group was more powerful.

“It’s him!” Luo Feng stared at one of the six emperors. His energy was huge, and no weaker than Gold Cang and Heavy Arrow. His appearance was ugly, as he was 3m tall covered in a layer of black. His face had eight soft black horns that drooped down the side, his little eyes shot a cold gaze.

He was from the Ba Yi race, Skeleton emperor.

His reputation was huge within the entire seventh battlefield. However, he was renowned not because he was an emperor limit, and not even because he was from the Ba Yi race, but rather… because he was a soul slave. A slave that was controlled by a bug can queen. His presence here meant that his master was also here!

“Bug clan queen.” Luo Feng tensed up within, “Nan Cheng!”

Nan Cheng was the name that queen had reported before. Within the bug clan, there was no separation of class amongst undyings, no officials or emperors. That queen was naturally simply called Nan Cheng, with no emperor title. However within the seventh battlefield, many warriors had gathered information on her because she was a bug clan queen!

“Bug queen Nan Cheng, she controls quite a few emperor limits and pinnacles, among which the Ba Yi race Skeleton emperor is the one with the strongest defense. Hence she normally uses him to move about, while she and her army stay hidden within a world ring.” Luo Feng thought. “It’s no wonder the automaton side is being pressured despite their strength…”

…

It was only then that Luo Feng truly felt, that this was star tower! The highest and most dangerous place within the seventh battlefield. Finding one emperor limit on Yan Ji continent was extremely hard, and finding an emperor pinnacle proficient in soul attacks was very hard as well. However in Star tower…there were trillions of emperor pinnacles from all over. Even though there were less emperor limits or pinnacles proficient in soul attacks, there were still quite a few

And a few terrifying beings!

Like queen Nan Cheng…this level of being, because of her race, treasures and strength, she was close to an invincible emperor. However, compared to a true invincible emperor like True Yan, there was still quite a difference. Her level of being could be considered invincible below knight level. However against a knight…she would have no resistance at all.

It was easy to see the difference between her and True Yan.

However in the seventh battlefield, she was already the most pinnacle of beings. True Yan’s level was rare even amongst the trillions of races. Those at his level were all looking for chances to breakthrough to the knight level. They would hardly ever come to the outer region wars, mainly because they pose no challenge to them at all.

In mid air.

The automaton side and bug side floated, Luo Feng stood alone as the three faced off, all searching for the exit from the forbidden space.

Luo Feng naturally didn’t get too close to them. The two camps were both his enemies, why would he get close?

“You are Blade River emperor?” A hoarse voice resounded.

Luo Feng turned to look. It was a larger sized undying from the automaton camp with a huge iron face and black mouth. From a human point of view, this was the face of a simple and honest person, he was smiling oddly at Luo Feng.

“Who are you?” Luo Feng asked.

“I am Chen Hun emperor, a good brother of Purple Clock.” He mocked.

“Purple Clock’s brother?” Luo Feng frowned at him. He had searched a lot about Purple Clock before but he never picked up on this. However, they were both from the automaton camp. Hence, connections such as this were common.

The other automaton emperors beside seemed chatty. Even though they were on alert…whether it was them or the bug clan side, they all had the right to look down on Luo Feng! In terms of absolute strength, they were much more powerful.

“Purple Clock’s brother, do you have a problem?” Luo Feng looked at him.

“Blade River emperor.”

He snorted, “Quite arrogant, however you have to understand that this is star tower, not Yan Ji continent. Over here…especially here, whether its against us or the bug race, you have no right at all to be arrogant!”

“Haha…” Laughter resounded from beside.

The automaton camp burst out in laughter, the bug side watched on.

Luo Feng frowned at the scene. He felt the animosity from the automaton camp, especially from this Chen Hun emperor. He seemed to be filled with killing intent. Back then Luo Feng had killed Purple Clock along with thirteen other emperors from the automaton camp, using them as stepping stones. It was understandable that they were filled with contempt for him.

“I’ve never displayed any arrogance before the two camps. But you, this tiny little Chen Hun emperor, you dare get arrogant before me?” Luo Feng mocked.

“Are you looking…” Chen Hun raged but suddenly stopped.

In the distance, a huge silhouette appeared beside Luo Feng. It was the masked black skinny warrior, and his powerful energy…was definitely comparable to the strongest warrior from both sides here.

“Heavy Arrow emperor!”

“It’s Heavy Arrow!”

“What powerful energy, he’s in his peak form.”

“The comatose Heavy Arrow has recovered his full strength so quickly?” Both camps were completely shocked.

Even though both sides were on alert before, they didn’t bother too much with Luo Feng. Now however, they were on their toes. Even the warriors from the automaton camp who were making fun of Luo Feng before all stopped smiling, not daring to brag anymore. They felt threatened!

Able to help recover Heavy arrow to his perfect form in such a short time required over 100s of billions of mixed elements! Just the wealth alone…showed how much of a threat Luo Feng was!

And also, with Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow combined…they were a force not to be reckoned with!

“Chen Hun, know your place.” Luo Feng gazed coldly at him and looked away after.

“Master.” Heavy Arrow stood behind him respectfully.

“Heavy Arrow, remember, don’t reveal your ancient clock. The fact that you have it…is my huge trump card.” Luo Feng communicated mentally.

“Understood.” Heavy Arrow replied.

An emperor limit was terrifying.

One with the ancient clock was even more terrifying! Just from how Purple Clock was incredibly powerful with it was proof enough. Also he was only a pinnacle emperor, who was able to kill two emperor limits with the clock. Now, Heavy Arrow was an emperor limit with the ancient clock…

“Hmph.” Luo Feng looked at the two sides. He was very clear, in the world of warriors…displaying strength appropriately was the way to win respect. If he remained low profile all the way, he would be bullied. Even the pinnacle emperor Chen Hun was trying to stand above him.

Suddenly…

“We’ve found the exit.”

“Exit!”

Hua! Hua!

The two sides immediately flew into the distance. Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow flew forward too, the exit was closest to the bug camp side. Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow were closer then the Automatons. The Automaton camp was the furthest.

The three powers flew towards the exit.

“Blade River emperor…the automaton camp and the bug camp will head forward first. You should wait behind.” Chen Hun shouted at him.

Luo Feng turned behind to look, Chen Hun was flying with his large group of emperors. His eyes gleeful, being disgraced earlier… however his words implied their different standings, that their camp was stronger and they should naturally leave first.

“Hmph.” Luo Feng turned away and continued heading forward. “Blade River!” Chen Hun’s expression changed, he immediately raged and shouted angrily.

“Looking for death!”

Luo Feng turned fiercely.

Hua!

Heavy Arrow instantly attacked, he rushed straight at Chen Hun since their distance wasn’t too huge. With one flying forward and another rushing back at him…they instantly connected.

Heavy Arrow wielded an arc blade and it glowed with a purple light.

Pu chi! Pu Chi!

Two flashes occurred and the blade slashed through Chen Hun’s body. He was instantly cut into three parts. His eyes still originally gleeful, “Without burning your undying body, an emperor limit cannot kill me. Your action only starts a fight and when the two automaton warriors make their move, you’ll be dead!”

“Ah!” After which his eyes were filled with shock. The two arc blades were covered with the Fei Mo poison, they completely entered his body and destroyed it from within.

Chen Hun emperor…dead!

…

The bug side and automaton side all watched in shock as Chen Hun’s undying body crumbled. They couldn’t imagine…how could a pinnacle emperor fall so easily?

Heavy Arrow wielded the blades coldly and looked at the armor, weapons and treasure left behind, saying coldly, “Humiliating my master, you deserve to die!”


Chapter 870: The Warriors Gather

Chen Hun just fell like that?

The automaton camp was completely stunned. They immediately guessed…that the famous Blade River emperor had some special techniques, buying some special weapons from the universe. Afterall, even though Heavy Arrow was an emperor limit, he couldn’t simply kill another pinnacle emperor just like that. The blade he used must definitely be special, either its material was special or there was something unique about it.

“So extravagant.”

“That Blade River emperor must have some kind of background.”

“Before his name grew huge, I heard he got the sacrificial tower treasure and was instantly different. The treasure must have been shocking, allowing him to buy such weapons.” The other warriors of the automaton camp, including the warriors in the bug camp all swiftly deduced.

Both sides began to take more notice of Blade River emperor, not daring to stupidly go insult him anymore.

…

Even so, the automaton camp was still made of emperors with two automaton warriors within. Not that they had been bullied, but could they live it down? If they didn’t even do anything for their fallen comrade, that would be too huge of a disgrace.

“Blade River! What are you doing?” The two black armored automaton warriors with slight green skin roared.

Sou!

Heavy Arrow had already returned to Luo Feng’s side, respectful as before. However no one could forget how vicious he was earlier.

“Automaton undying!”

Luo Feng said coldly, “I never picked a fight with either yours or the bug side! However that little Chen Hun dared to insult me! Hmph… do you really think that with allies around I wouldn’t react to insult? He forgot…the pride of a warrior doesn’t submit to humiliation or challenges!”

“Unless…he had enough strength, it’s a pity my underling Heavy Arrow proved one thing, that he was too weak.”

“Since he dared insult me, then he should have been prepared to receive my attack.”

Luo Feng’s gaze swept past the automaton camp. “I believe that all of you saw everything and understand my reasons. If you wish to act because of that idiot before, I will welcome you! My character…is such that I do not usually fight with people I have no grudges with. I wish to save my strength for the falling of the Sealed star, wasting any strength now will simply lead to regret later! It’ll allow the others to gain the advantage!”

The automaton warriors all gazed at the bug clan ahead.

There were three powers now.

Luo Feng was the weakest, the automaton camp was slightly stronger and the bug clan was the strongest. If the automaton side fought it out with Luo Feng…they may ultimately be picked off by the bug clan after.

“Hmph, the sealed star is the most important, let’s hope you can survive till then.” The leading automaton warrior roared.

“Let’s hope you can do the same.” Luo Feng smiled.

After which, they didn’t speak anymore.

The bug side was disappointed but this was still within their expectations.

…

The warriors that weren’t too different in strength would hardly ever truly fight it out, who would attack if they didn’t have a guarantee? Without any benefits, what’s the point? Chen Hun’s death forced the automaton side to question Luo Feng, and he replied accordingly. Everybody understood the reason, as to settling the debt?

Was it possible? Who would be stupid enough to risk their life against Blade River emperor who could even enslave an emperor limit?

Seemingly dignified on the surface, but within they were all greedy.

“There’s benefits from chaos.” Luo Feng muttered. “Our chinese history has seen all of this before, everything is for the sake of benefits.”

The Bug side, the automaton side and Luo Feng with Heavy Arrow, the three groups entered the next forbidden space.

The moment they entered, they discovered that there were already two groups of undyings there, who were also stuck in a deadlock. One of which was the human camp and the other was the bug side.

“Tian Chen emperor.” Luo Feng saw a three eyed man with long brown hair within the human camp. That was Tian Chen emperor, a pinnacle emperor. However because he was proficient in soul and illusion attacks, his threat was comparable to that of an emperor limit.

Such warriors proficient in illusions or soul attacks, as long as they burned a little of their undying body to attack, even an emperor limit would be in danger.

“Yang.” Tian Chen’s eyes gleamed.

“Qiang Wu emperor.” Luo Feng brought Heavy Arrow over, mixing in with the many others in the human camp. The group of human undyings only had one true human, the rest were from other races.

“Yang.”

“Blade River emperor.”

“Blade River.” Many warriors were shocked when they saw Heavy Arrow behaving obediently around Luo Feng. Back then when he was forced into a coma, everybody had guessed that he would be enslaved. However, to recover his full strength so quickly would have huge costs. It made the emperors all respect Luo Feng, but feel despair at the same time!

Everyone was extra passionate with him, those close called out Yang, those that weren’t shouted out Blade River emperor.

The camp naturally revolved around Luo Feng and Tian Chen emperor as the core.

On the other side.

The two bug groups had gathered, many shouted out Skeleton emperor. “Skeleton emperor, where’s lord Nan Cheng?” “Skeleton emperor…” From those words, one could tell without a doubt that the leader of the group was still the queen Nan Cheng, who had yet to show herself!

“Skeleton emperor?” Tian Chen frowned. “He’s the one with the strongest defense, with him there, Nan Cheng will definitely be around, I didn’t expect to bump into her so early.”

“Even if you don’t meet her now, you’ll still eventually see her.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Do you have confidence in dealing with Nan Cheng?” Tian Chen looked at Luo Feng.

“Nope.” Luo Feng said casually, “You?”

“No hope at all.” Tian Chen shook his head. He too was candid. “Every bug queen is proficient in soul attacks and defense. Even Skeleton emperor, an emperor limit was enslaved…she’s definitely stronger than me in soul attacks, I have no hope at all.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Right.

Undying Bug queens were all terrifying, they were naturally proficient in soul attacks, and they even had an undying bug army!

“The more warriors there are, the less of a threat of this strength difference.” Tian Chen said. “Right now the queen Nan Chen is very threatening, she alone can stand over all of us here. However as the number of warriors grow, the threat will shrink. Especially when the sealed star falls, the number of other race emperors would have grown to a huge number. As long as we all combine our attacks, even a knight wouldn’t be able to withstand it. They would have to dodge and not take it head on.”

Luo Feng nodded.

When the numbers grew over an extent it would get even more terrifying.

…

As time passed, they travelled from one forbidden space to the next.

Every space they entered, they gathered more warriors and the numbers grew bigger. This scene made all the warriors sure that a sealed star was about to fall. Only when that was about to happen would the star tower actually shift the spaces this way, gathering the warriors together.

“Skeleton emperor.”

“It’s Skeleton emperor!”

“If Skeleton emperor is there, the bug queen Nan Chen must be there too. That old being is here to fight for the sealed star too, our chances have gotten slimmer.” Even though the numbers were growing, whether it was the human camp, demon camp or automaton camp, the main topic seemed to be Skeleton emperor and Nan Cheng.

Nan Cheng…without a doubt, was the strongest warrior amongst the entire group gathered!

Luo Feng stood in the air above the grass with the undyings from the human camp.

“Meeting Skeleton emperor and killing Chen Hun all happened today. And this is only the ninth space. I didn’t expect to already see over 2,600 undyings gathered.” Luo Feng glanced into the distance. The automaton camp had over 600 warriors, the bug camp had over 800, the demon camp had over 500 and the human camp had over 600.

2,600 undyings. Even though Luo Feng could recognize quite a few, from the percentage he could deduce…

Over 90% were emperors!

“We haven’t reached the final space and there are already so many. When the sealed star falls, how many would there be.” Luo Feng exclaimed. It took countless years for a large group of emperors to be revived, and even so, that would only be about 100,000 emperors.

In the universe, with trillions of races added together, the number of emperors was absurd.

Just star tower alone had 100s of thousands of emperors, exceeding humanity as a whole. One race alone had no way to compete with trillions of others. Even if only a thousandth came out from the other races, it would still far exceed the single race. However the pinnacle races were strong because…they had more pinnacle strength!

Weng…

A tear occurred in the space, a large group of warriors hustled through.

“It’s the exit.” Luo Feng glanced over. “There are even more undyings now. Hm, it’s mostly two camps, one from the bug camp and another from the human…no, there are three camps!”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

There were indeed three camps from this intake. The bug camp had over hundred, the human had over thirty and the demon camp only had one!

“Black Tomb emperor!”

“Black Tomb emperor!”

“It’s Black Tomb emperor!”

Immediately, the attention of the over 2,600 undyings in this region all switched to the lone warrior from the demon camp entering. He carried a huge blood colored blade on his back, covered in blood red scales, with a single horn on his wolf head. His face had one green and one blood colored vein, with nine scaled tails. He stepped through the space, his gaze making everybody shudder.

Even though there were over 2,000 undyings here, they all immediately went silent, their energies suppressed by this one warrior.

Even the bug camp with the queen Nan Cheng instantly went silent.

“It’s Black Tomb emperor!” Luo Feng squinted.


Chapter 871: Battleground

There were several terrifying beings in the seventh battlefield, each from different camps. They all stood above the rest and Luo Feng was clear, even if he gave it his all, using all his trump cards, he still wouldn’t be a match for anyone of them. When the difference in power was too huge, nothing really mattered.

If one said that the bug queen Nan Cheng was one of them, then Black Tomb emperor was another.

Nan Cheng used her undying bug army to rule over the battlefield.

Black Tomb relied on his one Blood tomb blade, massacring many, he relied on brute force.

In terms of reputation, Black Tomb was higher! As for battle strength, it was hard to tell who was weaker between the two of them. In a small space where the undying bug army would be affected, Black Tomb could easily kill the entire army! If they had sufficient space, the bug army could easily attack over and over, that would be terrifying.

“Black Tomb emperor is proud in nature, he has offended countless warriors and is from the Qi Wang race. As he offended too many warriors, he fled to the outer region wars during his domain lord level. He then began a long journey of killing, growing till he was almost invincible at emperor level. The Qi Wang race had long treated him as a pillar of support, settling all his enemies from back then. Even giving him huge amounts of resources to grow.” Luo Feng’s mind reflected on the data he read before.

“Impressive.”

“Growing from domain lord to such a level, if he was better in certain aspects, he would be akin to my teacher True Yan already.” He thought.

Nan Cheng and Black Tomb were both close to invincible emperors.

The difference may not seem like much, but it got harder as one climbed higher. To perfect certain areas was simply too hard. For True Yan to reach invincible emperor level, it was extremely rare even in the trillions of races. The number of such undyings was even lower than the number of knights in total!

…

Time passed and the warriors kept growing in numbers, all gathering in the many forbidden spaces and heading on to the next. They stayed for half an hour to half a day in each space before moving on. This kept on happening for two days and the number of warriors in each team grew to a shocking number.

“Just our batch alone has over 16,000 warriors.” Tian Chen was shocked beside Luo Feng. “And we haven’t even reached the final gathering spot, the other groups will make the number grow even more.”

“Hm.”

Luo Feng’s gaze was however fixed on a warrior in the human camp. He carried seven different blades on his back, a human warrior. He was dressed in an ancient purple armor, wielding a special black glove on his hands. His forehead had the mark of seven blades and he gave off an incredibly amount of energy. Even the distant demon camp Black Tomb emperor felt it, so much so that he strengthened his bloodthirst.

“Seven Blade emperor!” Luo Feng muttered within.

Seven Blade emperor, a human warrior.

The number of warriors in the human side had already reached over 5,000 undyings, and over 90% of them were emperors. Just the emperor limits alone had reached tens of them. There were another ten emperor pinnacles proficient in soul attacks. Naturally the core of the group was no longer focused on Luo Feng or Tian Chen, but rather that Seven Blade emperor!

“According to teacher, Seven Blade has hopes of catching up with him and Heavenly Feather.” Luo Feng thought.

Seven Blade was a spirit reader warrior.

He rose up from the Huge Axe dojo and was absorbed as a core genius. And he was the number one genius of that generation back then. Maybe in terms of talent and improvement speed he couldn’t compare to Ke Di, or Luo Feng (Luo Feng has the golden horned beast and mosha bodies, at sector lord level, and his earth body was still at domain lord level. Hence, even though it appeared as though his improvement was incredibly fast, it wasn’t as crazy as it seemed.)

But Seven Blade was still much higher than a genius like Bolan.

After becoming undying, he was taken in as a disciple by one of the universe masters of the Huge Axe dojo, later on rising up even further. In just a few tens of thousands of years, he was already close to Invincible emperor level, and was not far from True Yan and Heavenly Feather and some other ancient warriors.

The upper echelon of humanity favored Seven Blade and all regarded him as having high hopes of becoming a knight.

With humanity’s nurture and that universe master’s guidance…

Along with some of his own special encounters…

It resulted in the current Seven Blade emperor.

“This is a true disciple of a universe master.”

“It’s that universe master?”

“No idea, I heard it’s from the Huge Axe dojo.”

“Humanity sure is strong, we don’t even have one universe master in our race, but they have enough to form five leviathans, everyone with a few within.”

The human camp discussed in hushed tones. Not even mentioning Seven Blade’s strength, just the title of being a disciple of a universe master alone was enough to allow him to lead the group. Because such a being…definitely wouldn’t fall! What a joke, if a disciple of a universe master fell here, that would be more terrifying than the falling of a sealed star.

“Luo Feng, if you reveal your identity, you’d stand out even more than that Seven Blade!” Babata said mentally. “You are the disciple of the primal chaos city leader, and he is the number one person of the Virtual Universe Company. He defends the human sacred land primal chaos city, which is much stronger. And you were accepted at sector lord level.”

“Stand out my ass, shut up.” Luo Feng roared.

“So fierce!”

Babata didn’t bother with Luo Feng anymore.

“Seven Blade?” Luo Feng glanced, it would be very hard for Luo Feng to defeat him at sector lord level, but once he broke through to undying, then defeating him would be easy.

“What a pity, I’m only sector lord level.”

“Without getting the best choice for the third clone and producing it, I definitely cannot break through. My training time has been very short too and my law comprehension is not high, I’m in no rush to break through.” Luo Feng had pondered hard about the third body. Just within Hong alliance, and the treasure trove, he had checked up on special beasts and their furs, blood etc.

However…

Whatever he could buy, there were a few better than the golden horned beast, yet they did not meet his expectations.

The universe did after all have some heavenly beasts, some with only one in the entire universe, like the beast god. Naturally Luo Feng only required a sector lord version of one of these beasts…

The human camp had a total of over 16,000 undyings, and all of them were from different parts of the universe, with different appearances. Some were flesh and blood life forms, some energy, some metal, some plants…the plant life forms were a huge species, even though plants like the cloud contact vine and star eating plant had weak consciousness.

There were some with intellect comparable to humans, some that looked similar to humans, only with different constructs within.

Rumble…

The mountain rumbled and revealed a huge incredibly deep hole, stars revolving within.

“Exit!”

“It’s the exit!”

The four camps immediately moved, according to their distance from the exit. Over 16,000 undyings from all races entered the huge hole. The human camp was the third group to enter, after they flew in, they felt the time and space shift as they landed on a huge stone peak.

…

A vast space, there floated many stone peaks, close to each other… they were like countless pebbles floating about, forming a huge pathway.

Luo Feng already had this experience, knowing that this was the void pathway. Following this would lead to the next forbidden space.

“Damn!” Luo Feng landed on a stone and gazed into the distant space, taking a deep breath. “So many warriors? This is simply a pathway to the next space. The number of warriors here should be much lower, yet over here there are over 100,000 undyings.”

A blur of stones floated in the vast space.

Every one of them had a huge number of undyings gathered on top, the numbers was simply absurd. At this point alone, it had exceeded 100,000!

“The Hong alliance of the humans only has 100,000 emperors.” Tian Chen stood beside him and smiled.

“And the quality of that 100,000 emperors isn’t that high either.” Luo Feng said.

“Of course it isn’t.” Tian Chen exclaimed. “This entire process, gathering more warriors from each space, especially the weak ones, after seeing the stronger warriors would naturally back off. They all fear losing their lives, along the way they would definitely leave.”

The way to give up on the sealed star was simple…when the large groups entered the pathways, simply not follow them through and wait for the next one to leave alone, that would allow them to leave the groups.

“Also, many absolute warriors full of confidence around the seventh battlefield may also head over here after hearing the imminent fall of a sealed star.”

“The super warriors of star tower are the same, teleporting via god countries over, heading close to the spot.” Tian Chen exclaimed. “Hence of the over 100,000 undyings here, there are many absolute warriors. Look, the automaton Life Fall emperor, our race’s Seven Blade, and that Da Long emperor…who isn’t renowned here? Now that everybody is gathered here and there are so many in this pathway…this will probably be where the sealed star will fall.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

The place where they could normally see the sealed stars was within these pathways. Hence the chances of it falling here was very high.

“Sealed star.”

“Look, sealed star.”

“It’s appeared.”

“The sealed star has appeared.” The bustling over 100,000 undyings all focused their attention below immediately, Tian Chen and Luo Feng followed.

In the vast space below…a whirlpool of energy appeared and in its depths, a star was revolving and floating up.


Chapter 872: Alliance

Rumble…A rumble occurred from the huge whirlpool.

Within the whirlpool, the sealed star was revolving and floating up slower and slower, almost like it was being stopped by something.

“So many sealed stars!”

“There’s got to be thousands of them.”

“Wow!”

Shocked voices.

Around the huge whirlpool, revolving sealed stars were floating about. Every one of them with diameters of 9,000 km to 90,000 km. With one glance, there were thousands of them all moving gradually within, they were all revolving about the center of the whirlpool. The one sealed star that had floated out was the most glaring of the group…this scene immediately made the over 100,000 undyings there go crazy.

“Many of them already cannot wait.” Luo Feng glanced.

“Yang.”

Tian Chen called out to him beside, “Do you want the sealed star, don’t tell me you don’t want it.”

Luo Feng glanced at him beside and smiled. “Who would come risk their life if they didn’t want it? However, our chances of getting it are very low. There are over 100,000 undyings here, of which there’s Nan Chen, Black Tomb, Da Long etc, a total of nine terrifying beings…”

“They are strong, but there are over 100,000 undyings here. Their individual strengths have been diminished, who would dare go against a group? Even the knights, if hit by a combined attack of over 100,000 emperors would die from the attack!” Tian Chen said, “I’ve already contacted the emperor limits, forming an alliance with about 1,000 allies around. We’ll attack together and get the treasure.”

“Over 1,000 allies forming an alliance?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Hm.” Tian Chen said. “I’ve already sent a request via the virtual universe system to have a meeting, allowing all those with access to enter.”

This temporary meeting room, whether it was in the outer region wars or secret regions, undyings could frequently set them up under dire circumstances. The moment the request was approved, undyings invited could immediately enter and they could make quick decisions…naturally the cost wasn’t small.

However it wasn’t much to an emperor.

“I’ve sent mass mail out to remind them, we have to hurry and make a move to have a chance.” Tian Chen said.

“Attention, I am Tian Chen emperor and I’ve sent out mail to you all. After reading it, please immediately head to the meeting room.” Tian Chen communicated, making over 1,000 undying allies in the human camp exchange glances, all sending their consciousness into the virtual universe to check their mails.

…

Virtual universe, within a special space, there were many islands there with several others floating in the sky. Every island had a magnificent meeting room. Anyone who requested to use these rooms could use them at any time.

Within the room, there was a huge round table, there were stone carved thrones about, a total of 1,000 of them.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Silhouettes appeared around on the thrones, as the number of warriors grew. Luo Feng and Tian Chen appeared on thrones too. Within ten seconds, the 1,000 thrones were filled, almost all of them emperors.

“Attention all.”

Tian Chen spoke, “According to the rules from before about the sealed star falling, from the time it appears to the time it falls, it has to slowly break through the barriers about it to finally fall. This would take quite some time. We still have time to plan now! However, the fight for the sealed star has attracted many warriors about, even Black tomb and Da Long and others have appeared…if we don’t team up, we have no hope at all!”

“Right, we all came here not to watch them get the treasure.” An undying with powerful energy covered in heavy armor said.

“There are a huge number of warriors. The moment the star falls, it’ll be an all out war. A team that is too big will be hard to control, 1,000 undyings is just nice.” Tian Chen continued. “We may not be a match for Black Tomb if we are alone, but with 1,000 of us, with almost all at emperor level, we won’t have to worry too much. Also, there are eleven emperor limits and eight pinnacle emperor’s proficient in soul attacks.

Luo Feng was shocked.

The percentage was really high. Among normal emperors…it was hard for even one out of hundred to hit emperor limit level! The main thing was that many of the weaker warriors had left early, leaving only the strong. Hence, the percentage was so high.

“There are over 1,000 emperors!”

“With our forces combined, even Da Long or Black Tomb wouldn’t dare pick a fight with us alone.” Tian Chen said, “With 1,000 of us… we have a chance.”

“Tian Chen, who will the sealed star go to?” A distant other race undying immediately shouted.

“Very simple, when it first begins, we will combine forces.” He smiled, “As to who gets the sealed star, that’ll depend on luck. Whoever gets it…our alliance will automatically disband then! At least we are all allies in the army system, and we cannot kill each other. As for the one that gets the sealed star, he’ll have to depend on his own fleeing ability. To expect others to help him after getting the treasure, even if I say it, I doubt anybody will do it.”

“Haha…”

“Cackle…”

All sorts of laughter came from the group of undyings, they resounded throughout the meeting room.

“As to the plan, there’s no need. When I send out the message, we will all help each other out later. I believe no emperor is that stupid!” Tian Chen said. “When we combine forces later, we only have one goal…when the sealed star falls, we will all get as close as possible. Whoever gets it will be up to luck and skill.”

“Does everybody agree with my suggestion?” He looked around. “If there are any objection, please speak up.”

The entire room was silent, no one said anything.

To be able to reach emperor level, they would all naturally be clear about the plan. Such an alliance…had to be naturally formed against beings like Da Long and Nan Cheng. Afterall, with over 100,000 emperors here, no one was here to play around, every body had ambition.

“Very good!” Tian Chen smiled.

“Our alliance is formed.” A distant human warrior smiled too. It was a pinnacle emperor Cang Qi emperor. Normally, such alliances had humans as the core.

“We’ll work together, as to who gets the sealed star and whether he can keep it, it’ll depend on his own skill.”

“Good!”

“Howl!”

“Battle!”

All sorts of noises were heard. Even other race languages could be heard, it was obvious the group was excited and filled with anticipation.

Actually, there was hope to flee with the sealed star. Like if Luo Feng or some others got it, he could immediately flee into their group of allies. While they may not be too happy about it, they wouldn’t dare betray him. And the other enemies would have no way to do combined attacks either. If they did, it would hit the other human warriors and they would naturally block it together.

In such a mess, having allies as shields definitely gave one the hope of surviving.

Of course…

The chances of falling was much higher!

However for the sealed star, the undyings here were all willing to take the gamble!

Luo Feng stood in mid air and looked around, clearly seeing the many undyings floating above the peaks, naturally forming their own groups and moving. It was obvious that they were secretly forming their alliances. Many of the warriors here didn’t have the strength to match up to Da Long or Black Tomb or Seven Blade…however no one was willing to simply let them get away with it!

Even Luo Feng…

Even though he was on alert about everything within star tower, he too wanted to try and get the sealed star.

“Yang, Can Yu emperor.” Tian Chen said, “We nine are all humans, we’ll definitely be more united.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“But of course.” A distant short white haired man with a white beard said.

Tian Chen, Luo Feng and Can Yu were the strongest of the nine humans.

What followed them were the pinnacle emperors and high emperors. The nine humans didn’t have any low emperors or officials.

“It’s a pity that Seven Blade won’t help us.” Cang Qi communicated, “If he joins us…we….”

“We would become cannon fodder!” Tian Chen roared. “Do you know how strong he is, and with his high position? Haven’t you realized that there are many warriors that he’s already bought over beside him? He is the disciple of a universe master, his wealth must be insane, buying these warriors over. These warriors know their chances of getting the sealed star are very low. But, to get some benefit and make allies with Seven Blade, there are many would be willing.”

“If it was me, I’d be willing too.” Cang Qi muttered.

“You punk.” Tian Chen couldn’t even force a smile.

“Stop messing about, look below.” Can Yu shouted.

Luo Feng and the group of nine humans all looked down. That sealed star within the whirlpool was floating upwards…however it fought hard against a formless pressure. As it floated, Luo Feng could visibly see ripples, countless ripples holding the star back.

Whether it was that sealed star that was about to fall or the other thousands revolving about, they were all held back by the same ripples.

“That’s the energy of star tower, it holds back the countless sealed stars!”

“We cannot get close.” Tian Chen said softly. “If we forcefully pierce through that barrier, we will definitely fall. No warrior here has the guts to do that, and they are all waiting for the sealed star to fall itself, everybody is being careful. When the star breaks through later, even though the barrier will be broken and there’ll be no energy holding back the thousands of stars, we’ll be able to actually fly to the countless stars. However, don’t ever do that, unless a star falls on its own, even a universe master is unable to forcefully take it away, the result of such greed is only one…death!”

Minutes and seconds passed as the sealed star rushing upwards got stronger and stronger.

Weng weng weng…that formless pressure around created a ripple that was visible to all.

Almost like a soap bubble, above a sewing needle, no matter how solid and sturdy the bubble was…as long as the needle reached the bubble, it would pop.

…

Time passed and the blur of warriors all looked down, all patiently waiting.

Rumble…an explosion shook the space about.

Xiu!

The sealed star that was rushing upwards immediately shot up, becoming a glaring light and rushing into the sky.

The sealed star…had emerged!


Chapter 873: Killing

Over 100,000 undyings from all over the universe gathered here. When the sealed star rushed up, it was like a stone breaking the surface of water, the silence was instantly broken! The vast group of undyings all began to move, all sorts of long distance attacks instantly erupted!

Rumble…

The originally calm space around was like a piece of paper, as it tore apart and countless fragments were thrown all around. Countless fragments caused the flight for many undyings to get a lot harder.

“Space lock.”

“Space lock.”

The instant the sealed star erupted, a large amount of pinnacle emperors unleashed space lock, as they didn’t want to allow the other warriors to teleport to the sealed star and take it away.

…

“Quick, rush forward.”

“Go.”

“The space has been locked, teleportation is useless, let’s combine forces, hurry.” Tian Chen hurriedly communicated.

Luo Feng who had wanted to let Heavy Arrow teleport him over saw that space had crumbled into countless fragments, and its regeneration speed couldn’t keep up with the rate of destruction. With large amounts of warriors unleashing space lock, he could only order, “Heavy Arrow, give up on teleporting, let’s fly over!”

“Yes master.”

“Remember, keep your god energy around me at all times, stop any warriors from using soul attacks on me.” Luo Feng ordered mentally. His greatest weakness was his soul defense, even though he had beast god howl with 32 times soul amplification combined with emperor level law comprehension, and a terrifying willpower! Also the golden horned beast naturally had a strong consciousness!

Many things combined!

It made his soul defense akin to a high official!

After the silver armor and the Sha Wu wings diffused most of the attacks, even a high emperor proficient in soul attacks would find it hard to kill him. But he could still be affected by the soul attack. And a pinnacle emperor proficient in soul attacks was able to be a huge threat to him, of course that’s only if he didn’t burn his undying body. If he did, even a low emperor would be able to kill Luo Feng’s earth body.

Luckily…

There were very few proficient in soul attacks! Luo Feng hadn’t suffered before, but there were over 100,000 warriors here, there were plenty of such warriors.

Even though his earth body was only one of the bodies, which is able to be reborn after destruction, but to have his soul destroyed here under such circumstances would be disastrous.

“Yes master.” Heavy Arrow followed him.

They rushed towards the sealed star, the other 1,000 undyings about did the same.

“Block!”

“Block!” Tian Chen shouted hurriedly.

Luo Feng and the group all released undying energy attacks together to form a combined barrier and shield to block the terrifying attacks.

…

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

An all out war!

Over 100,000 undyings from the four camps, were made up of over 95% emperors. They had already secretly formed their own alliances before. Be it an alliance of 500, 1,000 or 2,000, the combined attacks may not be as precise as a bug army attack, but its power was terrifying. There was only one way to block such attacks…

Similarly using hundreds to thousands of warriors together to defend.

“Madness.” Luo Feng held his breath. Even with his powerful defense, he didn’t dare go up against such combined attacks.

“Block.”

“Be careful.”

“Rush, go, go.”

Tian Chen and the other emperor limits or pinnacles proficient in soul attacks all shouted anxiously.

“Not good.” Luo Feng was naturally safe within the group. Looking in the distance where the sealed star was, there were already large amounts of warriors getting close. The attacks and explosions there were the most terrifying. This made Luo Feng’s expression change, “When we were together earlier, with tens of thousands from the human camp together, even though we split into our little groups, we wouldn’t attack each other. The distant attacks would only occasionally hit us, we only needed to defend once or twice. In all, it wasn’t too dangerous.”

“However, getting close to the sealed star…it’s a complete mess.” Luo Feng had the feeling that his group may have the first casualty.

“Rush!”

They were only a group of 1,000 undyings, rushing forward as a group towards the sealed star. Simultaneously, the other tens of groups were doing the same. The teams lagging behind all gritted their teeth and attacked over and over at those rushing at the sealed star!

Rumble…” The area near the star constantly had explosions, the space around had been completely destroyed, leaving nothing but stream particles.

Even though the teams were getting close, no one dared to rush in.

Because the combined attacks from the teams that landed on the sealed star itself were all already capable of killing knights. The sealed star was truly a treasure even knights would go crazy for. Such attacks didn’t even scratch it, as the teams got closer, there were less teams behind and the attacks got weaker.

And as the number of teams getting close to the sealed star grew, they could easily work together to defend the attacks from behind.

It may seem slow!

In truth, in the twelfth second after the sealed star erupted, the star was finally not attacked, because the earlier attacks had knocked it so much it flew downwards.

“Grab the treasure!”

“Grab it!”

The many undyings all madly rushed at the sealed stuff. In an instant, over 10,000 undyings rushed towards the surface of the star. This was a star that was the size of a planet. Even with over 100,000 undyings landing on it, there would still be plenty of room. The undyings used their greatest speed to send their undying energy into the sealed star, wanting to leave their soul imprint.

To control a treasure, one had to completely leave a spirit imprint, and this had to be done within the shortest amount of time.

However with over 10,000 undyings, the difference between the fastest and slowest was probably less than 0.1 seconds. In such a short time, with so many imprints…naturally they all failed.

Leaving an imprint required one to be alone and not disturbed. The treasure could afterall only have one master.

…

Luo Feng and his team were the second group to land on the sealed star, there were already over 30,000 undyings then.

“How will this work.” Luo Feng rubbed the star, failing as he shook his head. More and more undyings were gathering on the star, 40,000, 50,000, 60,000…

Rumble!

A terrifying combined attack instantly descended from afar.

The thousands of undyings on the star surface immediately unleashed their defenses, easily blocking the attack. However the force of the attack…knocked the star downwards even faster.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The many attacks from afar were easily blocked by the undyings on the star.

“It’s them.” Luo Feng glanced. There were about 30,000 undyings floating in mid air in their groups. Among this group, Da Long, Black tomb and Seven Blade, the nine terrifying beings all led their own teams, they didn’t rush over at all.

“The strong and the weak have different methods.” Luo Feng thought. “Tian Chen and the others are weaker, they can only rush to get to the star first. And the absolute beings like Da Long, even if a lucky undying got the star, they have a guarantee of killing him and taking the treasure from him.”

“Flee!”

“Quickly flee!”

A piercing order resounded, many undyings around quickly spread the word as they madly fled from the star.

Rumble…the sealed star was already moving extremely fast downwards. Even though the formless pressure below was broken, it was still the energy of star tower. The ripples formed after grew even more violent, some fleeing from it were hit by attacks from other undyings. Even if they didn’t die, they were knocked backwards, into the mad star tower energy…

Chi!

Whether it was a low emperor or pinnacle emperor or even an emperor limit, the moment they were hit downwards and unable to dodge, flying into the energy ripples, they would instantly be reduced to ashes. Some warriors’ weapons were instantly destroyed, while some world rings broke as well. The better rings may not break.

“What terrifying power.” Luo Feng was shocked.

That formless barrier was stable before, forcing back the countless sealed stars and the terrifying force behind it.

Now that it was broken.

The formless barrier itself became a mad source of energy. Combined with the other similar energies around, it produced the mysterious energy of star tower…easily destroying the emperors. Whoever touched it would die without doubt.

“Treasure.”

“Di She emperor’s world ring.”

“It’s mine.”

The danger from below where the thousands of sealed stars were located, terrified all the warriors above. However those unlucky ones that died left behind huge amounts of treasure that floated about, making many rush to get them. Because the powerful energies pushed the items left behind up, it was easy to take the treasures.

…

Amidst the mess, the nine absolute warriors led their teams, seemingly in no rush.

“You think the sealed star would be so easy to get?” The automaton warrior Life Fall emperor gazed coldly from afar, he was dressed in gold armor with black skin. “They are too anxious. The tens of thousands of exits haven’t even appeared. Even if they get the star, they won’t be able to flee, they’ll only become a target.”

He had forgotten…

The other undyings weren’t as powerful as he was. If they didn’t make their move early and stood in the distance, waiting till the final moment, they would have no chance at all.

“Getting the sealed star is the second goal, Seven Blade is the first.” He shot a look at the distant Seven Blade emperor.

The automaton race had detailed information about the Seven Blade emperor. He was their number three target on their list to assassinate amongst the human geniuses.

Ranked number one was the genius sector lord Luo Feng who was comparable to Ke Di, and was accepted as a disciple of the terrifying primal chaos city leader. According to their information, Luo Feng should be in the outer region wars, with many undyings dying by his hand, after which he disappeared, he should be hiding from the danger.

Ranked number two was Dream Fire emperor.

Ranked third was Seven Blade emperor.


Chapter 874: Luo Feng Waiting

Humanity was one of the four pinnacle races. Anyone able to be ranked as the third genius on their assassination list must have extraordinary talent, mental strength and encounters, like Seven Blade emperor. The automaton race had already confirmed that he had the treasure seven blades, and others like Space Grasp etc. He should have also gotten some special inheritance from the universe master before.

“The inheritance he got may very likely be from the universe top power, the Ancestor Gods, and it’s the ultimate inheritance.” Life Fall emperor said, “If he keeps growing, he will definitely become a terrifying being in humanity.”

“We must kill him.”

“Make him fall, even if his teacher reverses time and space to revive him, the cost of reviving such a warrior that’s close to invincible emperor and with such a terrifying inheritance, will definitely be akin to reviving a knight. And his treasure, seven blades, along with the space grasp and other things…will come to us.” Life Fall looked at the distant team that Seven Blade emperor led.

Seven Blade emperor carried his seven blades on his back and floated in space, gazing at the distant sealed star, not rushing at all.

“Get ready.” Life Fall ordered secretly.

The automaton race were extremely strict and orderly, akin to the most organized race in the entire universe, with the characteristics of living AIs, they were incredibly synchronized. The highest authority here was Life Fall emperor, the others would follow his orders all the way. As for the other races under the automaton camp, they too had acquired the virtual world system from them, the rewards given within made them submit too.

“Target the Seven Blade emperor.”

“Sixth formation.”

“Activate the separating tower!”

“Attack!”

…

When the bug queen Nan Chen, Da Long, Seven Blade and Life Fall emperors were watching the fight, the sealed star was knocked so far low it landed in the danger region. The moment it hit that part, many emperors instantly fell, causing fear amongst the rest.

“Items.”

“World rings.”

“Grab them!”

The tens of fallen undyings had left behind many items that the rest fought to get their hands on.

“Haha…The bottom area is dangerous. It’s filled with the mad energy of star tower itself. The moment one touches it, he will fall! It’s usually very hard for us to kill the other emperors. However, now as long as we knock them into that area, they will die without a doubt.”

“Kill.” The large portion of undyings that had just fled from the dangerous region immediately began to fight it out.

While they may have stayed in their groups when they rushed towards the sealed star, now, everything was in a complete mess. Everybody fought for survival, as they distanced themselves from the sealed star. The camps began to fight each other, the teams were all gone. Only the camps in general were left.

Rumble!

Rumble!

Spirit weapons, soul attacks, energy attacks, automaton weapon attacks…amidst the fragmented space, some unlucky warriors were pushed into the dangerous regions and instantly destroyed.

“Grab them all!”

“Haha, I’ve been waiting for this moment. The sealed star isn’t something I can get, but using the dangerous region, I can actually kill many other camp emperors. I may easily get tens of billions to hundreds of billions.” A six armed human giant killed excitedly.

Whether it was the humans, automatons, demons or bugs, or the other countless races, they were all killing and grabbing whatever they could!

“It’s madness. The sealed star can only have one owner. Hence, many will die because of it.” Luo Feng looked around at the dangerous region below. “But that region can easily wipe out these emperors with undying bodies, this is a rare chance. Those emperor limits have gone all out…”

Suddenly…

“Ang!!!”

A jade green light rippled throughout, instantly covering the vast space, stunning the over 100,000 emperors. Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow were both stunned too, and they looked over. In the distance, Life Fall led his automaton team with over 100 automaton warriors.

They all wielded a 3m tall tower like weapon, and Life Fall emperor had one that was close to 20m tall.

There were close to 900 other emperors that simultaneously burnt their undying bodies, every eight or nine of them supporting each automaton warrior, creating terrifying energies to pour into the towers. The over 100 towers…all gave off a terrifying pulse network that gathered in Life Fall emperor’s huge tower.

After which…

One ripple of jade green light pulsed through the area and shot straight at Seven Blade’s team.

“Separation tower!” Seven Blade’s usual calm expression suddenly changed greatly, and his eyes were filled with shock. “The automatons are going all out for me!”

“Burn! Act according to the plan I said earlier!” He shouted madly.

As one of the nine super powers here.

Seven Blade had already set up a plan for offense and defense earlier.

None of the emperors under him hesitated. The automaton side was aiming straight at Seven Blade. If they didn’t act, he would die without a doubt. However, the ripples from the attack alone was enough to kill them all! Hence the human camp warriors all simultaneously burnt their undying bodies…

The peculiar thing was, they dispersed the energy from their burnt undying bodies into mid air.

“Howl…” Seven Blade opened his large mouth.

A gold river shot right out. This gold river had many ancient beast statues along its side, of which there was the beast god statue too. In the center of it, there was a barren spot, as it shot out, it instantly swallowed all the dispersed energy from the human camp.

Rumble…the energies rushed in.

The ancient river swallowed all the energy and erupted, instantly spreading a formless gold net that completely covered the over 1,000 warriors of the human camp. Rumble…the jade green beam shot out from the separation tower hit the gold net, ancient beast images appeared throughout the gold net.

“It’s really the Ancestor gods!” Life Fall gritted his teeth at the scene, “My guess was right.”

This was the first time Seven Blade revealed the ancient gold river.

…

Luo Feng was stunned. The separation tower was a super weapon from the automaton race, and its price was comparable to true treasures. However he didn’t expect Seven Blade to take out the ancient gold river. Just its energy and the beasts projections about… made all the warriors there know that this was a terrifying treasure.

One had to know that the automaton Life Fall had long prepared his plan and unleashed his strongest attack.

And even though Seven Blade reacted on the spot, and the amount of undying energy the human camp burnt was far from the automaton side, the net formed from the gold river was still sufficiently strong enough to diffuse the attack from the separation tower. It was obvious the gold river’s defence far exceeded the tower.

“Strong.”

“Terrifying.”

The many undyings were all shocked, losing all confidence in getting the sealed star.

“Kill.”

“Kill.”

The four camps were in an all out war. Close to 100,000 warriors were fighting and madly killing, and any warrior caught close to the danger region because of the fights instantly fell.

Weng! Weng! Weng! Weng! Weng! Weng!

Space fell apart around them.

Many exits appeared everywhere, and thousands of them were visible.

“The tens of thousands of exits!”

“The exits have appeared!”

Anyone who’s seen the history of the sealed star falling would know that once the killing got too extreme within the area, many exits would appear and each exit led to individual forbidden spaces. One could swiftly head to any of them and leave the area.

As long as one left, they could escape.

“Flee.”

“Let’s hurry and go.” The weaker warriors were completely shocked by the madness, heading to the closest exits and leaving.

“Kill.”

“Kill them all.”

“There won’t be another chance if they escape.” The emperor limits and pinnacle emperors however were going all out. They wanted to make use of the dangerous region to kill as many as they could to take all their treasures and remains. To them, there would never be such an easy chance to kill so many emperors.

…

Even though Luo Feng had come here, he wasn’t as crazy about the sealed star as the others. Even towards killing the other emperors, he wasn’t that interested. If there was any interest at all, it only towards the entire star tower itself.

“That calling that exceeded the king armor, even the black metal board.”

“Yet I cannot become its master.”

“The moment I came so much happened, and a sealed star even fell.” Luo Feng thought. He didn’t think of this as a coincidence at all, about the strong calling that brought him here and the fact that the star chose to fall only when he came. Was there such coincidence in the universe? Maybe so, but the chances were extremely low.

Luo Feng believed that there was something special here. Because of the calling of the star tower, the sealed star naturally didn’t interest him too much.

Hence…

He simply followed along and mixed in with the teams, and when they rushed, he did so too. Until he got to the sealed star, he didn’t run around randomly, and simply stayed close to Tian Chen and Cang Qi emperor along with the other strong warriors. Later on, when the star entered the dangerous regions, he fled along with the large group.

In all, he was just tagging along and mixed in with the army, quietly observing everything and seeing if there was any difference between this star’s falling with those in the past.

But in overall till now, there hadn’t been anything special.

“If my guess is right.”

“During the process of the star falling, there should be something special.” Luo Feng had been waiting for that moment.


Chapter 875: Unexpected Twist

Luo Feng mixed in with the huge camps and teamed up with Tian Chen, Cang Qi and Qu Wu emperor. Even though he didn’t purposely kill the other undyings, Qu Wu was an emperor limit and Tian Chen was a pinnacle emperor proficient in soul attacks. The two would do a lot of combined attacks!

That plus the complete mess the place was in, several items that were thrown around by emperors killed would occasionally fly to Luo Feng’s little team’s side.

“In just a few minutes, even I’ve gotten over ten billion mixed elements worth of wealth.” Luo Feng was stunned, “It’s no wonder all the emperors have gone crazy.”

There was both death and wealth about!

Madness!

Within the vast space, there were thousands of exits. However, amidst the ripples of fights, the space around would crumble, but new exits kept appearing…

“Be careful everybody!” Tian Chen shouted anxiously, “I’ve gotten hit by a soul attack!”

“What?”

“Tian Chen, you got hit by a soul attack?”

Qu Wu, Cang Qi and Luo Feng were all shocked.

“The demon camp has about ten warriors heading over, amongst which there’s Chi Mang emperor who’s another pinnacle emperor proficient in soul attacks. I’ve fought with him several times before, I don’t have a guarantee on dealing with him.” Tian Chen said, “They are already here!”

The others had already seen. In the distance, twelve demon camp warriors were rushing over to them.

“Tian Chen!” The leader was extremely ugly. He had four animal like limbs. He roared out loudly.

“Qu Wu!” A 10km long double headed dragon roared too.

“Blade River!”

The elite demon team had obviously caught on to Luo Feng’s little team.

On Luo Feng’s side, they had Qu wu and Heavy Arrow who were both emperor limits. Blade River’s name had long spread far and wide, and they all treated him as another emperor limit too. Tian Chen too could be treated the same. Only Cang Qi was as well renowned. In all, Luo Feng’s team…could be said to have four emperor limits. This was also the reason why they could stay safe before and get treasures from around them.

And for the demon team to rush over, it meant they had confidence.

The twelve warriors had six emperor limits! And that Chi Mang emperor had fought with Tian chen in star tower before, but they couldn’t finish each other off. Even though he couldn’t kill Tian Chen, stopping him wasn’t a problem.

“Let’s retreat.” Qu Wu ordered.

Howl…

The dual head dragon from the demon side howled, unleashing a time control on the area Luo Feng’s team was in.

Time stop!

“Break!” Their team all howled within, unleashing their strength to return the time flow back to normal.

“Haha, Tian Chen, you will die this time.” Chi Mang smiled widely, his laughter piercing.

“Kill them.”

“What a rare chance.”

The demon elite team were all incredibly excited.

The amount of wealth they could get from killing this team was crazy, especially that Blade River emperor that had gotten the sacrificial tower treasure before, who was able to make the comatose Heavy Arrow recover in such a short time. His wealth was well known throughout.

…

Amidst the 100,000 undyings war, Luo Feng’s team fight wasn’t very glaring.

Their side had five warriors, and four of them were considered emperor limits.

The demon side had twelve warriors, and six of them were emperor limits. However, with the six combined together, it gave them the strength of one more extra emperor limit.

Luo Feng’s side was disadvantaged.

The battle immediately sunk into madness.

“I can only stop Chi Mang.”Tian Chen said urgently.

“I can only temporarily stop two emperor limits combined.” Qu Wu was anxious too. “Blade River, can you withstand them?”

“Leave it to me.” Luo Feng gritted his teeth.

There was no way.

Even though he had the strongest flame god crystal, the explosion wouldn’t differentiate allies from foes. What’s more, the enemy side had six emperor limits, and their combined defense could completely withstand the blast. If he detonated all three crystals he had on him, there was still some hope then, however that would probably mean his side would be gone too.

“First kill those emperor pinnacles.” Luo Feng ordered Heavy Arrow.

Hua! Luo Feng flapped his wings and brought Heavy Arrow along. Fast like lightning, making the demon camp have no way to catch up with him.

“We can’t catch him!”

“This Blade River is too fast.”

“Deal with Tian Chen and Qu wu first! We’ll combine strengths later to settle Blade River.” The demon camp swiftly made the decision to give up on chasing Luo Feng.

However even if they did so…Luo Feng wouldn’t let them go.

Luo Feng brought Heavy Arrow and rushed towards the emperor pinnacles, “Pu chi! Pu Chi!” Heavy Arrow wielded the two arc blades and slashed them., one pinnacle fell…

Death!

Death!

Luo Feng himself fought against the other pinnacle. Using the Sha Wu wings to tear through his defense before using the poison shadow blade. He slashed through 50% of his undying body, decreasing his strength before using another slash to almost kill him.

In the blink of an eye.

Heavy Arrow had dealt with three emperor pinnacles and Luo Feng had settled one.

“Ah…” When the four pinnacles of the demon camp fell, the human side’s Cang Qi emperor howled. He was knocked into the danger region and instantly reduced to nothing…Can Qi had fallen!

Rumble!

Qu wu was simultaneously attacked by three emperor limits, narrowly avoiding the danger region and escaping. He was shivering within as he said, “Yang, Tian Chen, let’s faster flee, I can’t hold on any longer.”

“I can’t flee.” Tian Chen was anxious too. He was facing off against Chi Mang and another emperor limit and was in extreme danger.

Luo Feng was panicking too. In an instant, his side had fallen into such a predicament, and even Cang Qi had fallen. “Heavy Arrow, go help Qu Wu. Your defense is strong, you should be able to take the two to there emperor limits.”

That emperor limit that killed Cang Qi was flying towards Qu Wu. Qu Wu would then be attacked by four emperor limits at the same time.

“Yes master.”

“I’ll go help Tian Chen.” Luo Feng flapped his wings and flew towards him.

According to his plan, Heavy Arrow was able to block two to three of the enemies. With him teamed up with Qu Wu…even with the four emperor limits attacking them, they could withstand it.

Tian Chen however was in danger…

His strength was close to Chi Mang, and at this time another emperor limit was helping Chi Mang. The only reason Tian Chen could hold on was because he had already burnt his undying energy to fight back. Chi Mang and his partner had done the same and the battle was intense.

Chi!

A blurry huge hammer silhouette smashed hard into Tian Chen, causing him to spit out blood, falling fast. Below him was the danger region.

“Tian Chen.” Luo Feng flapped his wings and formed an arc line, rushing to stop him.

Rumble!

With the burnt undying energy, one could only imagine how strong that attack was. Luo Feng held on and slowed him down but he too was dragged down.

“Yang.” Tian Chen looked urgently at Luo Feng.

Weng!

A formless soul illusion attack…was sent from Chi Mang above, hitting Luo Feng.

While he was hit, Luo Feng lost control of his body and flew downwards. This made the distant Heavy Arrow change his expression to fear as he shouted, “Master!!!”

“Yang!” Tian Chen had pained look too as he rushed downwards at him.

…

Tian Chen seemed like he was in pain, but his eyes gleamed with a cold excitement.

“Hahaha…I’m truly to going to get a heavenly gift this time!”

“Back then I managed to control Chi Mang’s soul, allowing him to return to stay in the demon camp, that was indeed a wise move.” He was extremely excited.

Tian Chen was a master at soul control.

He had led a hard life and faced a lot of adversity. It made him have a special view of the world. He passionately made friends with a large group of people, anyone who interacted with him would all think he was not a bad person!

Within however…he was completely something else.

He had indeed fought with Chi Mang several times before. That third time they met, he used his soul techniques to control the enemy and Chi Mang became his soul slave! There was no way to see it on the surface, plus the demon camp’s army system communication was that weak.

They didn’t have the human or automaton’s army scanning system.

The way they accumulated contribution points required them to record everything and pass it on, and they could only send messages. This allowed him to control Chi Mang emperor…and because of the poor communication system, no one could discover the changes within him.

Hence…

Chi Mang continued to stay within the demon camp, occasionally going out for missions with his partners, later on they would accidentally meet and work together. He had done this three times before! Once, they managed to work together to control another emperor limit Mist emperor.

This time with the falling of the sealed star, they immediately realized the chance. When he met Luo Feng, he was immediately happy, “Haha, Yang? Blade River? This is a big fish. I heard that he got the treasure of the sacrificial tower, and he could even make Heavy Arrow recover that quickly…his wealth must be much more than the normal emperor limits.”

…

Hence, he had ordered Chi Mang and Mist to immediately bring along some demon friends to attack them together.

The two of them were both controlled by him!

And when Chi Mang had teamed up with another emperor limit before to attack Tian Chen…Tian Chen and Chi Mang had both burnt their undyings bodies to pretend. In truth, they teamed up to attack the other emperor limit together. Two masters at soul attacks burning undying bodies, their first goal was to control that emperor limit. If that didn’t work they would kill him…

However the result was a success.

“The heavens are helping me, how hard is it to control an emperor limit. Even if I burnt my undying body and even though both Chi Mang and I are proficient in soul attacks, even with all these…the chances are all very low. And I actually succeeded. Hahaha…” Tian Chen was incredibly excited.

Hence…

The fight this time, Tian chen had already three emperor limits helping him, no one on either side knew about this at all.

“You are all my targets.”

“Your treasure and wealth is all mine!” He crazed madly within.

To become an absolute warrior of the universe…

One either had special encounters or powerful teachers.

Without any or both, one had to create their own chances. Tian Chen had happened to control Chi Mang and let him return normally back to the demon camp. With the demon camp’s poor system, it allowed this to go on for awhile and gave him the chance to rise up.

…

He pretended to be knocked far back simply to lure Luo Feng to save him. Luo Feng naturally rushed in but was hit by Chi Mang’s attack, falling quickly.

“Yang!” Tian Chen rushed down with a pained look, within however he thought, “Your wealth is mine, it’s mine! No one else will get it!” He watched as Luo Feng fell towards the danger region. Fearing that his wealth would get stolen by other warriors, hence he was the first to rush in after him.

“Yang!”

“Yang!” Tian Chen rushed downwards.

“Master!” The distant Heavy Arrow couldn’t care about Qu Wu, and immediately rushed over. Qu Wu didn’t dare fight against the four emperor limits, quickly retreating with Heavy Arrow and flying towards Luo Feng.

However, no matter how fast they flew, how could they catch up?

They looked on…

Luo Feng was about to fall into the danger region.

“Hmph!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed as he awoke. Back then when he took part in the genius battles, his mental state had already reached the first level’s limit, long reaching the level of Knowing oneself. However, he had yet to reach the second level, pushing the limit as he grew.

Primal chaos city, outer region wars, the thousands of years of training, yet he stayed at this limit!

Madly refining it!

It made his beliefs incredibly sturdy! His willpower grew more and more terrifying! The ancestors of china probably didn’t have thousands of years to refine their mental states.

His heart and mind had long been refined into a diamond, and was able to see through anything without a single speck of dust. It was sharp and piercing. This was his mental state! Even when hit by a soul attack…he may be in slight trouble, he may have to let the golden horned beast appear.

But illusion?

Luo Feng could use his willpower to break through!

“Tian Chen!!!” Luo Feng looked at him, his eyes filled with madness, “It’s you!”

The moment Luo Feng awoke…he knew Tian Chen had planned this!

Firstly, Tian Chen was a master at soul attacks. He knew Luo Feng would come save him, how could he allow the enemy Chi Mang’s attack to hit Luo Feng? Would he commit such a grave error?

Secondly, when Luo Feng held on to Tian Chen, in theory, Tian Chen should have been strongly fighting against the force of the attack. However, he not only didn’t fight back, but when Luo Feng held on to him, he even pushed Luo Feng alittle more! When Luo Feng felt the force of the attack…he was hit by the illusion!

Force, Illusion, perfect combination.

Everything was prepared perfectly for Luo Feng! He was supposed to die from this!

“Not good.” Tian Chen noticed Luo Feng awoke and was shocked. He had guessed that Luo Feng knew the secret, however his eyes flashed coldly. “It’s too late, the distance to the danger region is too close and the force of him falling is too strong, there’s no way to stop now.”

“It’s too late.” Luo Feng noticed this too. The force of his fall was too strong and even with the Sha Wu wings, he had no way to dodge the vast danger region.

He flipped his hand and produced a strongest flame god crystal, ready to detonate.

“I am not able to escape, I’ll use the crystal to escape and use its force to push me up.” Luo Feng’s reaction was simple and deadly, “During the explosion, the close distance will also kill that evil Tian Chen!”

“Not good.” Tian Chen’s expression changed, “He’s trying to kill us all together!”

…

However just as Luo Feng took out the flame god crystal, a majestic irresistible mysterious energy instantly covered Luo Feng, a voice resounding within his ears, mind and consciousness, “Child, come here!”

Hua!

With over 100,000 undyings madly fighting it out above, even Da Long, Life Fall and Seven Blade, with thousands of exits crumbling and new ones appearing, one suddenly appeared before Luo Feng, making him unable to even dodge. In truth, that mysterious energy had actually guided him into it.

Xiu!

Luo Feng wielded the flame god crystal and rushed through the exit, leaving the space.


Chapter 876: Receiver

Tian Chen, who was regretting and in fear after seeing Luo Feng take out the strongest flame god crystal was relieved to discover him fall into an exit, leaving the space altogether.

“I survived!” He gushed.

“My luck is not bad, I managed to work with Chi Mang before to control an emperor limit. I thought that was lucky enough, and now even as Yang took out the strongest flame god crystal at the last moment, right before my death, who would have expected an exit to appear right there and suck him in…allowing me to live on!”

“Luck.”

Tian Chen was celebrating within, after which he thought, “Is this where my era begins?”

Even though his plan against Luo Feng failed, allowing Luo Feng to know his true colors, he wasn’t worried or regretful. Afterall compared to keeping his life, what was having one more enemy to him?

“I have two emperor limit slaves, and Chi Mang who is close to my level of strength. Also amidst this mad war, I can use this strength to get more wealth…huge wealth to raise my strength even further! With such strength, would I still fear a Blade River emperor?”

“Hm!”

“Since I failed this plan, there are three more emperor limits on the demon side, and I have Chi Mang and Heavy Arrow to deal with.” He immediately made a decision. “I’ll first let the demon side deal with Qu Wu and Heavy Arrow, then I’ll secretly use them to get rid of the demon side emperor limits not under my control.”

This was his ideal plan. However, even if he just killed the three emperor limits, his earnings would already be shocking.

If he could soul control another, then that would be his lucky day.

“Master!” Heavy Arrow rushed over.

Weng!

The exit Luo Feng escaped through crumbled.

“Master!” Heavy Arrow called out within. However it wasn’t as crazy as before, at least his master wasn’t in danger.

…

Luo Feng was wrapped in that mysterious energy, unable to resist as he went through the exit. The calling resounding in his mind. “Child, come!”

After entering the exit, he didn’t appear in another forbidden space, rather, he flew along a colorful pathway.

Hua hua…

A beautiful pathway.

Luo Feng was wrapped around and was flying continuously. The space around him warped and he could see huge sealed stars around enormous pillars. There were many treasures with powerful energies, only Luo Feng couldn’t visibly see them clearly.

“Heavy Arrow, Heavy Arrow.” Luo Feng called out mentally to Heavy Arrow.

The soul slave and his master had a binding via their souls.

As long as the distance between them wasn’t absurd, they could communicate via their souls. Since they were still both within star tower, no matter how far they were within, with their soul strength, they could easily communicate.

“Master, are you ok?” Heavy Arrow asked.

“I’m fine. Remember, Tian Chen is evil. He tried to kill me earlier and I almost died…and I suspect that the demon side’s Chi Mang has a deal with him. Anyway, tell this to Qu Wu and flee as fast as possible. Mix in with the other humans and bear with it. First leave the space and star tower, and wait for me to return.”

“Yes master.”

Luo Feng relaxed a little.

It wasn’t that he didn’t want revenge. But, he had tried to save Tian Chen but was actually used and almost killed! No matter who it was…they would definitely want to take revenge, however Tian Chen was after all still a human.

With the threat of the army system, Luo Feng didn’t dare go against an ally!

Killing an ally meant death, it would result in large amounts of the human camp combining their strengths to assassinate him. Even his teacher the primal chaos city leader wouldn’t be able to save him. This was afterall the ironclad system set in place by the humans and the countless other races, how could he go against it?

“I cannot go against the army system.”

“But there are loopholes.” Luo Feng thought. “Like the army system relies on scanning to observe the battles before making its decisions. And the scanning relies on the scanning devices. These devices naturally have limitations, just like when I went to save Tian Chen earlier and he secretly added more force to the fall…the devices have no way to measure that.”

“Even so, that Tian Chen…”

“I treated you as a brother and you tried to kill me. If I don’t kill you, how will I find peace?” Luo Feng was raging within. “The army system is a disciplinary authority on the soldiers. When I choose to retire later on, I won’t be a soldier of the human camp anymore. Even though it means the other human warriors can kill me without any repercussions, I can do the same…”

Tian Chen had been marked for death within Luo Feng’s mind.

…

Many thoughts floated within his mind as he was brought around by the mysterious energy, flying through the warped pathways.

Rumble!

The mysterious energy dispersed.

Luo Feng flew out of the pathway and landed on the ground. He turned around like a feather and gently stood up.

“This is…” He looked around.

This was a vast mysterious shrine. There were a total of nine, over 10,000 km tall pillars that held it up. In the air above, there were many sealed stars. These countless sealed stars looked almost like a galaxy above the entire shrine.

This shrine seemed to float in the center amongst countless sealed stars.

“That is?” He looked over.

In the distance sat a silhouette. He had a long snake like body, and the top half was human. His purple beard drooped down and his eyelids gently hung down too. However, the vast pressure he gave off made anyone about naturally submit.

His energy was vast and endless, though not violent, it didn’t allow any resistance.

“Child.” The ancient voice resounded from him, “Come here.”

“It’s him, he was the one who brought me here.” Luo Feng thought. “And what terrifying pressure. This is much stronger than Shi Huo knight, and even close to the primal chaos city leaders. Is he a universe master level being?”

Luo Feng at least understood this one point.

When he stood before this being, he was like an ant with no power whatsoever.

Since that was so, it was better to just obey.

…

Within the shrine that stood amidst the countless sealed stars, two people stood. One was a snake bodied human while the other was Luo Feng.

Luo Feng walked over to him.

“This great being seems like a human.” He thought. “But the four pinnacle races have yet to control the star tower. How can this being actually stay in here and call me over?” This beast snake man seemed like one of the many races.

Like the apeman, wolfman, snakeman etc, they were all considered part of humanity.

“Elder.” Luo Feng bowed respectfully.

“Sit!”

The powerful ancient being pointed to the ground.

“Yes.” Luo Feng immediately sat beside.

“Are you filled with suspicion?” The great being looked down at him, he smiled. “Wondering why the tower calls out to you and yet you cannot become its master. Wondering why you met such a powerful forbidden guard the moment you came, and even wondering about the falling of the sealed star?”

Luo Feng was shocked.

This being even knew about the star tower calling out to him?

“Yes, I’m filled with questions, please enlighten me.” Luo Feng replied respectfully.

“I’ve been waiting for you for far too long.” The being sighed. “Of course, I normally only leave a clone here, only rushing here personally when I knew you were here. Ah…I’ve yet to introduce myself. I’m called Pu Ti, I’m the guardian of the Star tower, and also the one to welcome you here.”

Luo Feng was stunned, “You are not the creator of the tower? I…”

“You are wondering about who left you the manual? You are wondering on who was the one who created the star tower?” Pu Ti gazed down at him smiling. “Haha, I am the first servant of the creator of the star tower. However, over countless years, I’ve become a universe master…my master was graceful enough to accept me as his disciple.”

“I am his first disciple.”

“The leader of the Yan Shen race is his second disciple.”

“He has many underlings, but only two disciples. I was lucky, because I’ve followed him the longest. Because of my strength and how sentimental he is, hence I had the right to become his disciple. But the Yan Shen Race and the Earthling race, those are the true core of what teacher poured his soul into.” Pu Ti looked at Luo Feng. “There were two other candidates from earth before that failed, you are the third one. Coming here 8.2 billion years after the second one. If you succeed, you will be like the leader of the Yan Shen race, you’ll become the leader of the earthling race, the third disciple of teacher! If you fail, you’ll end up like the two before you. Only death will await you!”

Luo Feng was stunned.

There were two candidates before him? He was the third that came 8.2 billion years later?

Leader of the Yan Shen race? Leader of the Earthling race?

“The leader of the Yan shen race and this Pu Ti…just who was their teacher?”

“The creator of the nameless manual and star tower, specially producing the Yan Shen race and Earthling race? Is this the Huge Axe dojo founder’s almighty tribe warrior?” Many thoughts flashed through his mind.


Chapter 877: Cause

“The Yan Shen Race and the Earthling race? And I’m the third candidate?” Luo Feng looked at him.

Pu Ti smiled, “Earth is simply the name you give to your living planet. During the timeframe of the previous two candidates, they called it different things. The first candidate called it the Shan Hai world, the second one called it the Origin Star, and during your era now, you all call it earth.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“As to the two races…”

“Back then, I followed my teacher and explored the vast universe.”

“He spent countless amounts of effort and chose this particular planet and began to nurture it, producing a powerful race! This race later became the Yan Shen race.” Pu Ti smiled. “Unlike the servants and others that he chose, this race was one that he specially nurtured. Under his strict selection, the strongest being of that race became his second disciple.”

“This junior of mine submitted to no one.”

“He brought his own race and formed his own Yan Shen area, becoming one of the powerful races of the universe.” Pu Ti smiled. “Even though in total, the power of the Yan Shen race was far from humanity itself, they have my junior and he is a universe master with special treasures from master. He didn’t fear the pinnacle beings of humanity and hence became one of the powers of the universe.”

Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat, saying, “Then what about you, elder Pu Ti?”

The Yan Shen race was originally a part of humanity.

Pu Ti seemed like he was human too.

“Hahaha…” He sat crossed legged there, his beard drooping down as he laughed loudly, shaking the entire shrine. He looked down at Luo Feng and smiled, “Have you heard the name Ti Pu?”

“Ti Pu?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, recalling the name on the 10,000 soul control manual.

That manual was written by Ti Pu.

“Pu Ti, Ti Pu, is it?” Luo Feng looked shock at this powerful being that followed an even more powerful being.

“I don’t have such ambition, and I’m not like my junior with my own special race, who is able to bring that race around and take over territories, becoming a superpower.” He sighed. “What’s more, teacher valued both the earth and Yan Shen race highly. He had prepared special treasures for both…my junior has more such treasures and is stronger than me.”

“I’ve been alone all this while, naturally I stayed within humanity.”

“But I do not wish to reveal my strength, since that may implicate my teacher. Hence, I’ve remained low profile and allowing my clone to stay for long periods here, allowing it to demonstrate only knight pinnacle level strength, naming myself Ti Pu.” He said.

Luo Feng sighed.

That great being had two disciples.

One of them ruled the Yan Shen race, becoming a superpower.

The other simply left a clone here and revealed strength on the level of Tian Shi palace leader and Xi Luo Duo.

“Even though teacher created the Yan Shen race, he wasn’t too satisfied with it.” Pu Ti continued softly. “Teacher had lamented…that he had raised the basic level of talent, but the soul evolution was much harder. Hence he spent even more time and effort to find a way to finally create your earthling race.”

“A pure soul from birth.”

“Teacher even spent time to specially create a heavenly technique, the Nine volume manual to help your bodies keep evolving, until it reached the level of several rare races in the universe.”

“With a soul that was naturally exceptional along with the Nine volume manual, this was the best combination he came up with.” Pu Ti’s eyes gleamed.

Luo Feng held his breath.

That great being was simply too heavenly. To create an exceptional race of humans, he had actually spent so much effort to prepare and created such an unbelievable technique.

“However, this manual was rejected by the universe laws themselves.” Pu Ti shook his head. “Even though it was created, the moment teacher passed it on to any earthling, the universe laws would automatically try and wipe away memories of the manual. Teacher’s power was strong, hence the laws couldn’t affect him, but it affected anyone he tried to train.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

Memory wipe?

But he was able to learn this heavenly technique.

“Later on, teacher left alone, not knowing where to go. Finally he brought back some special treasures, named the Heavenly soul crystals, placing the entire manual within.” Pu Ti said. “They have unbelievable power, and as long as one was human and from earth, if they are able to pass the illusions within, they could acquire the techniques from the crystals.”

“Why wouldn’t the laws wipe the memories after?” Luo Feng asked.

Without a doubt, these crystals were the black metal boards.

“That’s the wonder of the Heavenly soul crystals.” Pu Ti said. “Teacher had said before that the universe laws were very fair, without any absolutes, there was always a chance. Using the crystals made it possible for the Nine volume manuals to be passed on. The natural power of the crystals could pass on the technique to you, and not be affected by the universe laws…but they only have one shot at it.”

“Only one shot?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“Yes.”

Pu Ti nodded, “The crystals record within them the nine volumes. However, its power only allows for it to be passed on once. As long as the warrior who received the technique is alive…it would be unable to pass it on to another. Unless the first one dies!”

“Hence, the earthling race, including you, has had three candidates.”

“The first one fell and because of its power, only then could the crystal pass it on to the second one.”

“The second one fell and thus you became the third.”

“The manual, even with the heavenly soul crystals, would never have two candidates living simultaneously.”

Luo Feng was completely speechless. The laws of the vast universe were incredibly harsh. The more special and rare something was, like the power of the Nine volume manual, the harder it was to even create it. It even required a special vessel and there could only be one who trained in it!

“Teacher valued the Yan Shen race, but he valued the earthling race even more.”

“The leader of the Yan Shen race is my junior.”

“The leader of the earthling race will become the third disciple.” Pu Ti said. “And teacher has…prepared treasure for both his disciples!”

Luo Feng frowned, asking, “Elder Pu Ti, your teacher, that great being…why did he even create both the Yan Shen and the earthling race?”

“At teacher’s level, he’s already invincible within the universe.” Pu Ti’s voice sounded old and tired. He said, “You don’t need to think too much. As one of the strongest in the universe, he had long been invited to many powers and organizations to be their leader, but he was too lazy to bother.”

“As a leader?” Luo Feng asked.

“The strongest powers of the universe, the Human alliance (Hong alliance), the Space beast alliance, the Bug race alliance…and many others, they are the pinnacle strengths of the universe. There are others like the Nine domain alliance and other weaker ones, I’ll simply tell you about this one.”

“The Nine domain alliance is formed by 100,000 races, of which there are some powerful ones within. In terms of numbers, they far exceed the human and bug alliance.”

“They have over 50 million emperors, over 100,000 knights and over 10 universe masters! In terms of strength, they are not weaker than any other.” Pu Ti said. “Hence they invited teacher over to be their alliance head, do you know why?”

Luo Feng was still shocked over the power of this alliance.

The Hong alliance only had just over 3 million emperors, tens of thousands of knights, and as for universe masters…he wasn’t clear.

“The universe masters are considered pinnacle beings in the vast universe, why get teacher to be their head? Why are 100,000 races all willing to submit to him? Even the strongest of warriors, would find it extremely hard to kill a universe master, there’s no need to submit at all, why do so?” Pu Ti smiled, “It’s because…teacher is able to revive any being Universe master and lower.”

Luo Feng took a deep breath.

The primal chaos city leader had said before…that he could easily withstand the backlash from reviving an emperor. He would be heavily injured from reviving a knight! If he tried to revive the Tian Shi palace leader or Xi Luo Duo level of warrior, he would fall.

And from what he knew, the city leader was already extremely strong amongst the universe masters, and was one of the top three beings of humanity.

“You should know that some powerful knights have strength akin to universe masters.” Pu Ti said. “To be able to revive them meant that they could risk it all and continuously fight for their race! Even if they fell, they could be revived over and over! This would naturally make the alliance incredibly powerful.”

“The most pinnacle strength in the universe.”

“The six pinnacle races, they all have their own strongest warriors who is able to do so. Your human race has the Huge axe founder!” Pu Ti said. “And outside the six pinnacle races, there are some special life forms like teacher, the only one in the entire universe with no other similar life forms.”

“Outside the six pinnacle races, these special life forms, along with the powerful beings from the trillions of races…created beings like the huge axe founder.”

“Teacher is one of such.”

“Any such warrior leading an alliance would make the alliance truly strong. They needn’t even go out and battle, just using their revival abilities, would make the enemies fear them. What’s more, they had many other special abilities.” Pu Ti looked at Luo Feng. “Once one reaches teacher’s level, conquering the universe has no meaning. If he wanted to, he could easily join any alliance as a leader! However to him, that’s meaningless.”

“He prefers to work alone.”

“Carefree, the six pinnacle races had long spent huge amounts of wealth and effort to invite him. But, he didn’t even bother and never participated in the wars.”

“However, he had other special goals.”

“The Yan Shen and earthling race were the fruits of his labor.”

“Of course, if you succeed, you will become the third disciple! Then your future will be boundless, becoming a universe master and dominating the earthling race wouldn’t be impossible. You could choose to stay within humanity and become one of its upper echelons, or even be like your second senior, breaking away and taking your own territory, becoming your own power. Everything will be your own choice.”

“Of course, the prerequisite is that you do not fall like the two before you. If you do, then I’d have to wait for the fourth candidate. Only, that would be another countless years from now.”


Chapter 878: Life Or Death Inheritance

Within the shrine.

Pu Ti looked down on Luo Feng, “Child, you are the most exceptional one from Earth. You’ve already passed many hidden tests before, there’s only one last life or death path you have ahead. If you live, you become the true leader of the earthlings! You’ll have the chance to become a super power in the universe, even having the possibility of reaching teacher’s level.”

“Reaching teacher’s level?” Luo Feng was shocked.

That great being…was one of the greatest in the vast universe, and only the founder of the Huge Axe dojo in the Hong alliance could match him.

“This was what he said personally.” Pu Ti emphasized. “Of course, it’s just a possibility. Anything related to laws or training, techniques and so on, all relies on yourself. Just like my junior, the leader of the Yan Shen race, even after training for trillions of years, he’s still weaker than teacher.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Actually, the leader of the Yan Shen race, who is a power in the universe alone, and is able to make humanity not dare challenge him, was already very powerful.

“The final life or death path, what is it?” Luo Feng asked.

“Star tower!” Pu Ti said softly, “The final challenge is…make star tower recognize you as its owner!”

“Star tower to recognize me as the owner?” Luo Feng’s body shook.

The process of making this treasure recognize an owner was a life or death battle?

“Teacher is extremely proficient in creating treasures. All the strongest beings in the universe are good at different things. While teacher may not compare to the Huge axe founder at certain things, in terms of creating treasures, he’s definitely the best.” Pu Ti exclaimed. “The vast universe has many hidden treasures, and even the strongest dare not say they’ve seen and know everything. This star tower…was something he created by chance within a special secret region back then. When it was close to completion, it interacted with a special gold light. Hence, it created this current star tower, making it different from the initial idea he had envisioned.”

“Teacher has his own treasures and has no need for it.”

“But he realized that it was too hard to let it search for its owner and recognize an owner.” Pu Ti said. “The star tower is considered as one of the strongest treasures in the universe, and is even compared to teacher’s treasures. The process for recognizing an owner however is extremely harsh.”

“Harsh?” Luo Feng frowned.

Pu Ti looked down at Luo Feng, “Yes! The stronger the soul of the candidate, the more terrifying the process would be. A long time ago, teacher had searched among tens of thousands of warriors, from sector lord to undying, to knights etc to try. But, all of the warriors that tried had failed and died.”

This great being was vicious indeed, Luo Feng thought. Casually getting a bunch of warriors to experiment, even knights were like lab rats to him.

“Through trial and error, teacher deduced…”

“That there was still a chance for sector lords and undyings. But, knights and above have no chance at all.”

“The process tests one’s soul and willpower!”

“Hence teacher nurtured the earthling race to have swift growths in mental states.” Pu Ti said, “You are now at sector lord, and you have a chance of success. In history, among the two candidates before, one was sector lord and another was undying, and both of them had reached high levels in mental states. However, both of them still failed.”

“I’m sector lord?” Luo Feng looked at him, this Pu Ti’s vision had seen through everything.

“I can easily see through your soul.”

“The treasure you rely on to camouflage your life energy may fool knights, but you cannot fool a universe master.” Pu Ti smiled. Luo Feng realized, back then the primal chaos city leader had easily seen through him too, knowing he had other bodies and so on. And this Pu Ti was only slightly weaker than the city leader.

But he was still a universe master being.

“I know about your other bodies too.”

“However the moment the process begins, you’ll have no way out. Even if your primal chaos city leader teacher appeared, he couldn’t save you.” Pu Ti emphasized. “Even though he’s very powerful, and is even considered invincible within the primal universe, however in the actual universe and in star tower itself, he cannot do a thing.”

“The moment the process starts, no one can stop it.”

“The moment you fail.”

“Your willpower and soul will completely crumble, and you’ll die.” Pu Ti emphasized. “Even though your teacher can reverse time and space to revive you, he cannot revive any memory of the Nine volume manual. You cannot be revived along with that manual, it is something the universe doesn’t allow.”

“The moment you die.”

“Even if you are revived, the Nine volume manual will be gone and the evolution you got from it will be gone. Even if you get the general and king armor again, you’ll have no way to use them. In all, you’ll lose the right to become the leader of the earth race, and any ability to ever get it.”

Luo Feng took a deep breath. If he lost all this, his strength would fall greatly.

…

Rumble…countless sealed stars suddenly shook about the shrine.

“It’s begun.”

Pu Ti turned to the center of the shrine, “The process is about to begin.”

“Star tower is a treasure the leader of the earth race deserves.”

Xiu!

Light descended from above the shrine and gathered in the center. Countless lights were shining on one spot, forming a translucent crystal, and it glowed with gold threads within.

“Luo Feng.” Pu Ti turned over. “The first candidate persevered for 2,600 years before falling. The second one went on to 3,300 years. I hope you can survive.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng turned to look at the crystal.

A chance to change his fate!

This entire process was a chance to change his fate.

If he failed, even if the primal chaos city leader revived him, he would lose everything in regards to the Nine volume manual. He would only be a genius without his special encounters. He would be much weaker than before and the city leader’s respect for him would definitely fall. It would be lucky if he could become a knight, and a knight…in the great beings eyes, were nothing but little ants.

If he succeeded…

Becoming the leader of the earth race would give him the chance to become a superpower in the vast universe. He would even have the chance to become someone as strong as the great being himself!

“Success!”

“I have to succeed.” Luo Feng roared.

“Master master.” Heavy Arrow communicated mentally to him.” I just fled from the space, even though I warned Qu Wu about Tian Chen, he was surrounded and ultimately killed by the demon camp! Master, where are you? I can feel your location but I cannot enter.”

“Qu Wu fell?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but shout out. “Tian Chen! I have to kill you!”

“Heavy Arrow, leave star tower first, and even the outer region wars. Wait patiently until I contact you via the virtual universe.” Luo Feng ordered. He had given him an anonymous virtual universe network device much earlier.

“Yes master.”

…

“Luo Feng, you must be sturdy, since the process is incredibly painful and long. The two candidates have proven in the past that 3,300 years still isn’t enough.” Pu Ti looked at him.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Kill Tian Chen?

He first had to pass this trial. If he failed and died, his own underlings will die along with him. Even if he was revived…without the general and king armor, it would be hard to even deal with Tian Chen.

“I must survive this.” Luo Feng thought.

“Then begin!”

Pu Ti emphasized and gently pointed at Luo Feng. Immediately, a seemingly normal crystal without any special energy or pressure flew at him. As it touched Luo Feng, he didn’t even feel it enter his mind.

“Chi!”

The instant the crystal touched with his core.

His main core hidden within his world ring shook violently. Even the mosha body and Golden horned beast’s souls shook…just like how if someone controlled his human body’s soul, they could completely control his other bodies!

There were three parts of the soul, but the main core was the center of it. Also, his consciousness could easily switch between the three.

Even if one body was destroyed, it was fine. However the moment his soul was taken over and he became a slave, the rest of the bodies would be affected as well.

As the crystal melded with him, it affected the main core. The moment he failed, the main core would crumble.

“I don’t sense anything?”

“Didn’t he say that it was very painful and would last for a long time?” Luo Feng sat crossed legged, and was curious.

Rumble!

That unbelievable terrifying pain instantly attacked all three bodies and his main core. It felt like a beast was trying to crawl out of his soul.

…

Pu Ti sat crossed legged within the shrine, his purple long beard swaying in the wind. Looking at the crossed legged Luo Feng shivering from the pain, he thought, “It’s not so easy to become the leader of the earthling race. Let’s hope that this third candidate will make it through.”

…

There was once in his life that Luo Feng had to immolate his soul to fight the golden horned beast, that was when he possessed it.

That was when his life took a big change!

And since then, this was the second time. Everything depended on whether he could survive this…

Within the vast energy flows.

A being over 90,000 km tall glowed with black light. He sat crossed legged on a mountain peak. This old being had sparkling translucent horns, his voice boomed, “Meng Tuo master, I’ve unintentionally butted in on your fight with the humans. However, those ninety one sand grains, I want them!”

“Old punk, my race finally managed to suppress that human and now you want to simply take away one of the three treasures?” A thunderous voice shook the entire energy flow about, resounding at the over 90,000 km tall being.

“If you don’t hand it over, I’ll help the human.” The majestic old being didn’t seem disturbed at all.

Suddenly, his expression changed slightly as he turned towards the vast space, almost like he could see through any distance, straight at the star tower in the seventh battlefield.

“The third candidate has begun?” The majestic being’s eyes lit up with anticipation. “Let’s hope that the little punk will succeed.”

“Old punk, you sure are vicious! Don’t let me meet you!”

In the distance, the great being raged, causing lightning to strike throughout the energies. After which, ninety one resplendent beams of light shot over towards the old being.

“Meng Tuo master, Primal chaos city leader, I’ll take my leave!” The old being laughed. Sitting on the mountain peak, he instantly became a beam of light, even the mountain peak vanished from the energies about.


Chapter 879: Long Time

The pain of his soul tearing apart caused his body to shudder.

“This pain is still much weaker than anticipated.”

“It should be about the level when I absorbed the 110th blood river crystal.” Luo Feng was able to maintain his calm. In terms of threshold of pain, thousands of years ago when he was still weak in Blood river world, he felt that the pain caused during the absorption of the first crystal’s alone was unbearable. However, as he grew, it honed his mental state more.

However, as he absorbed more blood river crystals, the pain naturally grew more and more. Back then he had crumbled countless times from the pain, and over these thousands of years, his threshold grew more and more. Currently, the golden horned beast’s right claw and back had a total of 165 crystals!

“It’s easy.”

Even though his body shook slightly, he could still smile.

Luckily in terms of mental states, he had already reached the limit of Knowing oneself. Even though this was the lowest of the three levels, it simply represented where he was at. Like Innocence emphasized on coupling strength with gentleness and the highest level, Encompassing all included everything.

The three levels were explained as such. The first level was stupidly sticking to one’s self, without any skill, simply relying on force alone and perseverance. Almost like a stone against rushing waters, being honed over and over.

The second level had skill involved. Knowing when to be soft, and when to be hard, and eventually melding the two, naturally withstanding any force against it.

The third level was above them all.

However…

The only reason why the second and third levels were higher than the first, was simply because skill was involved and there was an amplifying effect.

The same soul willpower, comprehending Innocence and perfect fusion could withstand pressure and illusions, withstanding soul attacks at least ten to hundreds of times more. If one reached the level of Encompassing all, his ability to withstand all these would rise hundreds to thousands of times more again.

However, this fusion of the crystal had nothing to do with soft or hard, encompassing nothing. It was simply melding the crystal and the soul. All one had to do was to bear the pain! And at this time, the mental states were useless…it all depended on one’s perseverance and pain threshold!

This pain was from within the soul.

Not illusions or from external sources!

Ying Yang?

Encompassing all?

This pain was from within, and not from an attack, rather, true pain from the fusion of his soul with the crystal! Luo Feng had walked the limit of the first level all this while, constantly honing his self and forcefully bearing with pain. His mental state had long been honed to that of a diamond.

…

The star tower’s crystal gradually melded with his soul in an extremely slow manner. As the level of fusion grew gradually, the pain naturally followed suit!

1 year, 2 years, 3 years…10 years, 20, 30..

In the blink of an eye, 60 years had passed.

While bearing with the pain, he continued to study the Beast god statue and laws. Even connecting to the virtual universe and meeting with his family.

On the 61st year, the pain level had already doubled compared to before.

Luo Feng who was optimistic initially began to worry. “The speed of this pain growing is faster than expected. I could easily bear with it initially, but it’s grown so much in 60 years. If it keeps up this way…I don’t have any confidence in bearing with this for over 3,000 years.”

“What do I do?”

“Fall?”

“No.” He opened his eyes, looking at Pu Ti sitting crossed legged beside him.

“I have to survive, I have to succeed and become the earthling races leader.” Luo Feng thought. While bearing with the intense pain, he swiftly made his plan.

“Hone my soul!”

“From birth till now, I’ve only lived for a few thousands years. In terms of mental state training, this process will go on for at least 3,300 years. During these 3,300 years, my mental state may rise even more! However the level of growth is still not enough…I have to search for the quickest way!”

Luo Feng pondered, his mind coming up with many mental state training methods.

Actually, bearing with the intense pain alone was a form of training, it would make one more resolute.

“Not enough, just using the pain to hone my self is not enough.”

“I need a quicker way.”

From birth till today.

The first 200 years, his mental state training had been going pretty well. The later thousands of years…even though it had risen quite a lot over time, in terms of speed, it was much slower than before.

“The heart, is true, pure and honest! Only then can a miracle occur!” Luo Feng believed in one of the experiences shared by one of china’s ancestors before.

True. In nature and in virtue.

Pure. No distractions.

Honest, having an honest heart.

This was the path to unleashing one’s soul.

The theory may seem simple, just like if how a researcher focused solely on research, without any distractions within, he could fully immerse himself within and his soul would provide sufficient energy to grow. The results and efficiency would improve by tens to hundreds of times.

“These 60 years, I’ve been bearing with the pain. Yet, I’ve been affected by it and unable to steady myself.” Luo Feng thought.

“From now on.”

“I’ll begin to study the Beast god path, and purely focus on it. No matter how painful it gets, I will not let it affect me. My heart will be pure and solely focused on study.” Luo Feng thought.

…

Being vigilant in peace time, and planning ahead. Luo Feng could feel the impending danger ahead. Under this formless pressure and intense pain, he began to immerse himself in the study of the Beast god path.

Being true and pure may sound easy, doing it however was extremely hard!

Without the intense pain, Luo Feng was easily able to carry on. However it was hard not to be affected by it. Even with his strong willpower, he would often get distracted and thrown off by the pain.

And the descending formless pressure would distract him too.

…

However gradually, he forgot all about it. Tossing the pain aside, no matter how intense it got, he focused on the Beast god path…

Only in solitude, would one’s soul unleash its strength!

And a pure and honest heart, especially one that is able to remain this way despite the pain, would produce endless energy, allowing him to persevere…

Virtual universe, in the highest peaks of thunder island, within a shrine covered in vast energy.

The primal chaos city leader had been worrying about his own matters for the past hundreds of years, he had finally gotten to relax a little. He summoned Luo Feng, wanting to test him, also find out about his situation.

“He actually closed off his virtual universe connection? And he even left an automated reply for me, saying he’s training?” He sat in the throne and laughed.

Ever since he began accepting the inheritance, Luo Feng had entrusted several tasks to his family but he didn’t dare disturb the city leader, not even sending a mail. Rather, he prepared an automated reply, the moment the city leader sent a request or mail over, it would reply him immediately.

“Outer region wars army system.”

“When and where was the last time my disciple Luo Feng connected to the virtual universe?” The city leader sat in his throne and said to the space ahead.

“Primal chaos city leader.”

Almost like metal clanging, “Luo Feng’s last connection to the virtual universe was in star tower.”

“Star tower?” The city leader nodded.

Hundreds of years ago, the sealed star had fallen. Over 100,000 emperors went for it with about 8,000 of them falling. It was extremely hard for an emperor to fall, since so many fell at that one time, the news spread far and wide, shaking the entire universe. As for the sealed star, it was said that it landed in one of the distant universe races’ Qi Hou Race emperors.

“Luo Feng, when you enter the virtual universe, come see me immediately.” The city leader sent out an order to Luo Feng. He didn’t know that his disciple was currently facing a terrifying trial.”

…

With his soul under intense pain, Luo Feng had been immersed in studying the Beast god path. During this time, his consciousness and willpower unknowingly began to grow at a rapid rate…the effect was incredibly beneficial. Even though his mind was growing, as time passed, the pain grew more and more intense too.

The level of pain outgrew his soul’s growth!

100 years, 200, 300…800, 900 years…

In the blink of an eye, 1,000 years had passed.

Luo Feng initially had a huge advantage against the pain. However, even his 1,000 years of training couldn’t keep up with the pain growth, it reached closer to his limit. If this kept up, Luo Feng was afraid he would barely make it past 2,000 years.

When that happened, the moment it exceeded his limit, his consciousness and willpower would crumble, and the crystal would make his soul crumble…

He would fall!

Of course there were unexpected benefits from this 1,000 year of training. His over 1,000 years of honing and immersion into the Beast god path resulted in certain gains. Just his Beast god presence alone had reached the 19th level of the heavenly bridge. It was a pity that his law comprehension had no help towards this life or death inheritance.

…

Even though he faced danger, his soul was still completely immersed. With a pure and true soul, he didn’t even sense the danger.

If he didn’t do so, his soul wouldn’t have grown so fast over these years.

1,600 years, 1,700, 1,800, 1,900…

The pain of the soul grew more and more terrifying, it far exceeded that of absorbing the 165th crystal, and was very close to his limit. However, he still kept himself immersed in the Beast god path. Unless the pain reached a level where it could actually affect his state, he didn’t even sense the danger.

Heart pure and true, with no other distractions.


Chapter 880: Hope and Despair

2,000 years, 2,100, 2,200…

The fusion level of the crystal and his soul got higher and higher. It made the intense pain grow even more. This wasn’t just any ordinary pain, but a tearing of the soul. At the final threshold, the soul would be completely torn apart! However as it got closer to the limit, Luo Feng focused his mind, it helped hone his mental state even more and he improved faster.

2,300 years, 2,400, 2,500, 2,600…

“It’s been 2,600 years.”

Within the shrine amidst the sealed stars, Luo Feng sat crossed legged there covered in perspiration and blood. Under such pain, blood drops would drip out as his entire body shivered. However, there was a strong sense of sturdiness from his expression, and he wasn’t shaken by such pain.

“The two candidates from the past, the first one lasted 2,600 years, and the other for 3,300 years.”

“Both were absolute geniuses of their time, and were incredibly exceptional elites and beings of the earth race. In terms of encounters, the first one was the strongest, and he was at the level of Innocence, yet he only lasted 2,600 years. The second one however was slightly weaker, even weaker than Luo Feng. However, his mental state reached the level of Encompassing all. At the end, he too fell.”

“There have been many with strong mental states in the history of earth. There are countless in the first level, many in the second and quite a few in the third.”

Pu Ti sighed within.

His teacher, the great being that nurtured the earth race had said before…

The three states weren’t higher or lower than each other, they simply represented three different paths.

Knowing oneself and staying true to it, knowing one’s strength and absolute confidence! No matter what happens, one would always believe in oneself and not be shaken. However the growth of this path was the hardest, with no external factors, relying solely on willpower.

Put crudely, it simply meant being extremely obstinate. Such a person would suffer easily.

However such a warrior wouldn’t follow the crowds, he would be sturdy from within. Even when many others criticize and scold him, he wouldn’t change. This was the most tiring paths of all…

Innocence, Man and nature as one.

Such a person could gain the respect of many others, it was hard to hold grudges against such a person, as they saw through the souls of trillions of lives. In history, many of them were considered saints.

Encompassing all, one believed in the vastness of the universe, and that they were unable to exceed everything. They weren’t satisfied with just going with the flow, they wanted to encompass everything.

Such warriors had huge hearts.

With endless ambition, and one’s belief was terrifying too.

…

Three paths.

The reason why the earth people regarded each level as higher than the other was because they hadn’t produced a true great being.

There were many in history that had reached the peak of Knowing oneself, and after encountering countless setbacks, there were huge changes in history itself. They had seen through themselves and realized eventually that getting along was the path, and completely enforcing their way was too extreme.

Hence there was Man and nature as one, the so called perfect level.

Then, they no longer suffered, no longer butted heads, rather they were worshipped by many.

…

After walking that second path for a long time, they would have deeper visions.

They weren’t satisfied with just man and nature as one, they wanted to encompass it all, this was the third level.

In the history of earth, anyone who reached the third level, built countries or sects. All in all they were all the pinnacle beings of earth. This heart that encompass all allowed them to take any setbacks and improve through any situation.

While their qualifications may not match others, however with resolve and steady improvement, it allowed them to reach the top!

…

Three paths, different levels.

The third was the strongest, the second one followed and the first one was the hardest.

Hence it became known this way through the many generations of earth…and ignorance was as such. Any great being…or absolute warrior would however mock this, as they knew that the path was simply different. What was the point of comparing these?

…

“To persevere for over 2,600 years, his heart is indeed sturdy.” Pu Ti said, “Against such tearing pain, he must have a completely sturdy heart and willpower to push through. Only then could he last long… it’ll just depend on how strong his heart is.”

There were many courageous warriors in chinese history that crumbled under torture.

Despite their loyalty, it could only be said that their pain threshold hadn’t been honed. That their methods to train weren’t strong enough. As for such pain that permeated the soul, that lasted for thousands of years…who could take it? As for the normal heroes from the past, just a few thousand years of solitude would make them go crazy, much less what Luo Feng was going through now…

While he was bearing with the torture, he forced himself to not be affected by anything, immersing himself in studying the Beast god path.

In the 2,800th year…

The high level of pain finally reached his true limit, affecting his study.

“Don’t disturb me.”

“Howl!”

Within his internal world, the golden horned beast looked down at the statue and copied it.

Just like some scientist from earth, even in sickness and pain, they continue to research. Even though they were affected and distracted, they would continue their work. Luo Feng who had been immersed within for over 2,000 years had already gotten so deep in that even though he was affected, he would simply push it aside!

Pain? Force it away, continue his study!

Distraction? Push it aside!

A pure heart, against the danger, it created a mysterious energy and strength, allowing him to push aside the pain. And everytime he did so, it allowed his heart to stabilize. It would gradually strengthen him…and this speed of growth was faster than before.

Just like that…Luo Feng held on.

2,900 years, 3,000, 3,100 years, 3,200…

His ability to push aside the pain grew better as time passed. The strength his soul had for pushing aside this eternally rising pain, this pain that he could never quell, only continue to meld with it. However, the pain continued to grow. Almost like after stabilizing himself from the distractions for so long, one would still eventually get tired and unable to move. No matter how strong his beliefs were, one would reach a limit, and the result was…to die!

“Is this the end?” Pu Ti sat crossed legged there and looked at the shivering Luo Feng covered in sweat and blood. His body twitched in pain, sometimes madly, sometimes a little…

His entire body was shivering madly.

“He’s tired.”

“Child, just give up.”

“Even if you fall, and your teacher doesn’t revive you, just because of your strong will, I will reverse time and space to revive you. While you may lose much, however…the process for the star tower to recognize an owner is simply too hard. Back then when the tower melded with that colorful light, even teacher didn’t have a guarantee, maybe…then even if the earth race produced incredibly exceptional beings, it still wouldn’t work. If the first three all failed, even the fourth, fifth and so on might keep failing. Who knows when teacher will change his mind and not force this star tower to recognize an owner.”

Pu Ti sighed,

He was a universe master, a pinnacle being of the vast universe. He could easily see through Luo Feng’s soul, and he knew that Luo Feng was already at his limit.

“Don’t disturb me!”

“Don’t bother me!!!” Luo Feng was still completely immersed in studying the Beast god path. Against the powerful pain that constantly interrupted him, he howled within and raged, “Don’t disturb me, no one can disturb me, no one will!”

Rumble!

A sudden change!

If his willpower and consciousness before was said to be honed into a diamond, incredibly sturdy and piercing, over the 3,200 years of training, it reached another level and it became an even denser diamond than before. Just like it was placed in a location with extreme pressure, like a star becoming a neutron star.

Consciousness and willpower, it had an unbelievable evolution!

The diamond was forced into an atomic nucleus.

“Continue.” Luo Feng had a feeling like he never had before. Almost like when he reached his final limit of fatigue, passing it now gave him even more strength than before! The pain had disrupted his study before, knocking him hard until he reached his limit. Now however, it was completely suppressed and gave no resistance whatsoever.

…

“What!”

In the shrine, Pu Ti who had been observing the entire process glanced at Luo Feng’ s soul and naturally discovered the evolution.

“How did it change?”

“How did this happen, this never happened to the two of them before him. Especially the second, he lasted for 3,300 years before falling and nothing like this ever happened.” Pu Ti was shocked. “Right, the two candidates, one was at Innocence and the other at Encompassing all. They had different ways of dealing with the pain. Innocence would make him get used to the pain and meld with it. Encompassing all…would encompass even the pain. However the two of them were both wrong. Wrong in the sense that this isn’t a pain from anything, but rather the crystal melding with the soul. This isn’t an illusion, but something real!”

“While their methods could push their souls to the limit to not feel the pain.”

“However without withstanding it, they cannot suppress it. Their strength to suppress it naturally won’t be enough. Because they melded with it, they encompassed it.”

“And Luo Feng chose to withstand it! Completely withstand and suppressing the pain, not ever melding or encompassing it.”

“While he may feel more pain.”

“But isn’t this a way to train the first level of Knowing oneself? Pushing his willpower to the limit finally resulted in evolution, resulting in a huge jump.” Pu Ti gasped.

A huge leap forward gave Luo Feng a huge leeway.

3,300 years…3,900…

4,000…

4,300…4.900…

The crystal continued to meld with him, and the pain gradually rose. Even though the evolution before gave Luo Feng a huge leeway, over the past 2,000 years, it finally got close to his limit again.

“Is there no way for this star tower to recognize an owner?”

“The past 3,200 years was only the first half?” Pu Ti was shocked as well, because the longest a candidate lasted before was only 3,300 years. No one truly knew how long this process would take.

No one had done it.

No one knew the limit…whether it was Pu Ti or that great being before.

“If Luo Feng fails, how many more candidates would it take to actually succeed?” His face was filled with worry.


Chapter 881: Missing…You all…

“5,000 years!” Pu Ti’s voice was old and filled with worry.

He had never expected the process to take over 5,000 years. The first two had only lasted 2,600 and 3,300 years respectively.

“Let’s hope that Luo Feng succeeds.” Pu Ti heaved a long sigh, his voice resounding throughout the shrine.

…

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain, Nine star bay.

Within an ancient construct.

Nine star bay was now used only by the highest levels of Luo Feng’s family, as the many other members all lived in other places. As a family with over 10,000 years of history, plus with Luo Feng’s status being akin to the Ganwu universe country leader, the family’s power was huge.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

Walking along the exquisite stone floor, Xu Xin walked along the pathway followed by two ladies. As Luo Feng, the highest power in the family was exploring the universe, everything was mostly left to his oldest son Luo Ping to handle, however the important matters were still handled by Xu Xin.

Xu Xin had a special position in the family, and also she was the CEO of the Ping Hai company. Over the 10,000 years, her position and authority grew, just a glance from her would make others shudder.

Normal people didn’t even dare look up at her.

However, there always seemed to be a sense of worry on her face.

“Master, it’s a letter from the family leader.” Her virtual assistant suddenly alerted her.

“Mail?”

She suddenly stopped, her eyes happy from the surprise. No matter how calm she was, she was in a flurry now, “He said he was off to do something important, closing off the virtual universe receiver. However, he completely vanished for 6,000 years, and was unable to be found or contacted. How can I not worry?”

In the world of warriors, disappearing for 6,000 years without any news, it could very likely mean one had fallen.

Luckily he had left messages for his family before he shut off his receiver.

“The wife seems very happy.”

“I’ve never seen her so happy.”

“She’s been deep in worry the past few years. Now however, she seems much lighter than before.” The two ladies behind discussed secretly.

Indeed so, Xu Xin was happily reading the mail.

“He really knows how to say the right things.” She read the mail, her smile growing wider, “Even the events from high school, we are already an old couple, is there a need for all these…”

The mail was very long.

A total of tens of thousands of words, Xu Xin had walked from the pathway to the grass and sat in a chair to slowly read through. This was a mail filled with emotions, from the time the two met to the time they fell in love…Xu Xin couldn’t help but smile as she read.

As she read on…suddenly her expression changed.

Her body shivered as her eyes revealed shock.

“No!”

“No!”

She stood up fiercely, roaring within, tears about to flow down, “I don’t want your guilt, no!!!”

This shocked the two ladies behind her, they exchanged glances and felt something amiss.

“Ma! Ma!”

An urgent shout resounded from afar as a silhouette swiftly rushed over and another from another side. They were Luo Ping and Luo Hai, they both had anxious expressions, shouting for her as they arrived. They too had received mails.

“Close the door, forbid anyone from entering.” Xu Xin shouted at the two ladies.

“Yes.”

The two ladies were her personal staff. Whether it was matters with Ping Hai company or family affairs, Xu Xin often gave her orders through them. Even though they were just her staff, their position was akin to high level managers of the family, naturally they were incredibly astute and intelligent. When they sensed something amiss, they immediately shut off the doors.

“Ma, what’s going on?”

“Has dad really…” Luo Ping and Luo Hai were both anxious.

Xu Xin hugged her two sons, finding it hard to hold back her tears.

This mail was something Luo Feng had actually set to send 6,000 years after he began the life or death inheritance. According to his thinking back then…the first candidate lasted 2,600 years and the second one lasted 3,300 years. He expected the entire process to only last at most 4,000 years.

It was too long, absurdly long. The two had passed the hidden tests before and had finally gone for the life or death inheritance. They were obviously both exceptional beings too, they shouldn’t have been too far from the end.

Luo Feng had expected 6,000 years!

“Since the first lasted 2,600 and the entire process should be about 4,000 years. It wouldn’t be so absurd as to go on for 6,000 years right, who could last that long?”

“If I succeed in this, I’ll get rid of the mail.”

“If I fail, at least they will have something.”

“Afterall, the moment I fall…the connection to the virtual universe has been shut and the primal chaos city leader wouldn’t know about me falling. With his level of being, his training may go on for hundreds of millions of years at a time, who knows when he would actually revive me. And Xu Xin’s life span is at most 10 million years.”

Luo Feng was very worried.

He believed…that even if he fell, he would eventually be revived by his teacher. However, what if he was only revived after ten million years?

What about his wife?

After his revival, what if his wife, son, parents and younger brother were all dead?

Hence…

He prepared a mail for them and set it to send automatically 6,000 years from when he began.

“Your father is in a predicament, but he did say he would return in the future. If short, ten thousand years, if long up to ten million years…” Xu Xin’s voice shook, right, ten million years, her life span was but that long, would she see him again?

“Dad.”

“Dad.” Luo Ping and Luo Hai were shocked too.

“Let’s go see your grandparents.” Xu Xin suppressed the pain and said.

…

After awhile, the three of them met up with Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan, along with Luo Hua, they all bore a look of pain. The entire Luo Family…was supported by Luo Feng! The humans of earth were the same! He had always been there, weathering the storms and allowing them to grow to such strength, allowing the humans of earth to stand high in the entire Gan Wu universe country.

However…the pillar had fallen!

“Little Feng, little Feng.” Gong Xin Lan was shaking. Even though Luo Feng said he would return in the distant future, the family all regarded this as words to console them.

“Our Luo family, our earth, is facing a huge crisis.” Xu Xin’s voice was hoarse.

Everyone looked at her.

“The account number and password he left in the mail is for some wealth for the Luo family. It’s one with a huge amount of wealth within.” Xu Xin said, she hadn’t seen him in so long. She didn’t expect for him to leave an account in the mail, reaching up to 50 billion mixed elements!

This was an unbelievable sum to her. Within the entire Gan wu universe country, other than the leader himself, who would have such wealth?

“Everybody hurry and get ready to deal with this.” She said hoarsely. “The hypocrisy of the world, if Luo Feng truly fell, our family would definitely be targeted. We don’t have enough strength to protect the entire huge family. I’m heading immediately to see his teacher True Yan and ask about him.”

“Hurry and go.”

“Go, leave the family to us.”

Luo Hong Guo and Luo Hua said.

“Hm.” She nodded.

Xu xin was afterall a core member of the Virtual Universe Company. With her connections and her having True Yan’s number from a long time ago, she quickly contacted him and told him what happened.

“What?”

“Return in the distant future?” True Yan’s expression changed.

Unlike Xu Xin and the others, True Yan was an absolute warrior of the universe. He knew much more, he immediately understood…Luo Feng’s distant future meant he would be revived. Otherwise with the virtual universe network spreading all over the vast universe, how could they not be able to contact him?

“I’m going to see the Primal chaos city leader.” True Yan said urgently.

“Sorry to trouble you.” Xu Xin said anxiously.

“I am his teacher!” True Yan immediately left the virtual universe network.

…

Primal chaos city, True Yan immediately rushed to the city leader’s residence to request a visit.

What level of being was the city leader? Even True Yan had almost no possibility of ever seeing his true body, unless there were extenuating circumstances, this time…True Yan saw him.

“You say that he might have fallen?” The city leader sat crossed legged across the vast wasteland of corpses.

“Yes.” True Yan said respectfully.

“He’s still alive.” The city leader said.

“Alive?” True Yan was shocked.

“I can confirm that he’s been in the seventh battlefield’s star tower, and he’s been there the past 6,000 years.” The city leader said. “He hasn’t connected to the network for the past 6,000 years, but I can confirm his life energy is still there. At most, he should be in some trouble. It’s normal for danger to appear within star tower.”

True Yan was somewhat nervous when he heard, that was the star tower!

On the surface, the tower only had forbidden guards in spaces. However in truth, it had many dangers about, one had to know that it was a place that even universe masters didn’t dare mess about within.

Star tower.

Within the shrine surrounded by countless sealed stars, the floor was stained in a layer of blood. Luo Feng sat there, his body shivering from the pain, as blood flowing all around. The sector lord body’s regeneration was incredibly strong, the main core could give never ending energy to recover, yet he kept bleeding…

His body was about to crumble everywhere, this was the result of intense pain from the soul. It was obvious that the pain from his soul was absurd!

“6,000 years!”

“5,000 years ago, he was already close to his limit, and at 5,600 years, he had completely reached his limit already. He was able to evolve at the critical moment last time, I don’t believe that he can be so lucky this time. However from the 5,600 year to the 6,000 year… it’s been 400 years, just what amount of strength does he have!”

Pu Ti sat crossed legged and looked at Luo feng shocked, he couldn’t imagine how he could still hold on even after reaching his limit 400 years ago.

…

The pain on his soul had already reached its limit, and he had no way to suppress it anymore. Luo Feng couldn’t study the Beast god path anymore, and his consciousness was simply holding on by a thread…withstanding the tearing of his soul.

“I want to see you all again!”

“You all!”

“You all…”

Luo Feng’s consciousness held on to one single thing, that was his family. His parents and brother, his wife, he didn’t want to be revived to a time where they were all gone. He couldn’t accept that. At the final point, his heart only held that one thought…his family!

“I wish!”

“I really wish!”

…

His soul began to crumble, however a formless willpower forced it back together. Crumble…form…amidst the struggle, his only thought held him together, within he called out to his family. He was guilty, he couldn’t bear to…that crystal however continued to meld and tear his soul apart…

His soul was about to crumble!

“I really wish…”

“You all…”


Chapter 882: Luo Feng Awakens

He was already unable to even think, as his soul was on the brink of shattering.

Just one thought…

Forced his soul to stick together, the only surviving thought…

…

“You are still fighting, your soul is already crumbling.” Pu Ti sighed. “Child, you are too tired, just give up.” With his unbelievable power as a universe master, he had seen the state of Luo Feng’s soul, he had begun to care for this child.

“You have already spent 6,000 years you’ve struggled with this, yet….you’ve only lived past 10,000 years.”

“You are too young.”

“And still a child…” He shook his head. He was the first underling of the great being. From the most ancient of times, he had followed the great being throughout the universe, and he had lived an incredibly long life. In his eyes, the sector lord lifespan of 1,000 eras was only maturity.

As for Luo Feng’s 6,000 years of struggle with the inheritance, he had only lived past 10,000 years, in the vast universe, it was indeed tender.

“Ke ke…” Luo Feng’s body shook as it unconsciously made noise, as fresh blood flowed.

Almost like a fish on shore that was about to die…

He was struggling! He couldn’t die that easily, even if he knew he would be revived eventually.

Pu Ti’s snake tail lay across the ground. He looked on at Luo Feng who could fall at any time. He understood that this youth was fighting with everything he had.

“You are impressive.”

“The first one lasted 2,600 years, while the second one lasted 3,300 years. Yet, you’ve been here over 6,000 years. It’s already very impressive, and you should be proud. Just give up.” Pu Ti was very clear on what Luo feng was going through, who was even unable to even think, while his soul was falling apart…

“Star tower!”

“Why is this inheritance so hard?” He sighed, looking at the unconscious shivering and bleeding Luo Feng.

…

Luo Feng had a life changing event before, that was when he immolated his soul to fight the golden horned beast. During that time he was supposed to die too, he was willing to give it all up to kill the beast. Fate plays tricks on people, he didn’t expect to actually possess the beast and begin a whole new life.

He was the pride of the genius battle, the Ganwu universe investigator, the disciple of the Primal chaos city leader. He had massacred emperors till he got the name Blade River emperor… intrepid! Incredibly exciting!

Now he was at this point again.

This was the second life changing event.

If he succeeded, he would live on.

If he failed, he would fall.

…

His body unconsciously made cracking noises, as his expression was warped. His skin was torn apart, even more tragic than most dead people.

Live or die.

Luo Feng struggled on this thin fine line. The mad winds blew at him, blowing him towards the side of death, but his love and affection for his family made him fight hard to hold on, pulling himself to side of living.

However, every thought had its limit, and if the inheritance continued, his soul would continue to be torn up stronger than before!

“I wish…really wish…”

Luo Feng was like a person running on the highway being chased by the cars, running as fast as he could. However the traffic behind was speeding up and gradually catching up…

Finally they caught up!

Within the thousands of forbidden spaces in star tower, many undyings from all over were suddenly shocked.

“What’s going on?”

“Why are the forbidden spaces shaking?”

Rumble…

Almost like a giant who was shaking every space violently, the entire nine light year tall tower shook. However, with the nine whirlpools around, it was hard to tell. The countless undyings within all didn’t know what had happened.

…

Simultaneously, within an incredibly distant dangerous area, amidst vast energies, a lonely palace glowing with green light floated up.

The many underlings within were all knights.

“Hm?”Within a huge throne, a majestic old man over 90,000 km tall sat there, listening to the reports from his underlings. Suddenly, his expression changed and he looked far away, almost like he saw through time and space, right at the star tower.

“The process of the star tower recognizing an owner has been going on for so long, that youth actually lasted past it.”

“Haha…”

“A Trillion years of waiting, the earth race has finally produced an exceptional warrior.”

He got up suddenly.

Sou!

Vanishing from sight.

…

“Success?” Pu Ti looked shocked at Luo Feng who had stopped shivering. He had felt Luo Feng’s consciousness slowly fading away, almost like it was about to end, he would at most last another two to three years. Luo Feng had already lasted 6,092 years.

What was two to three years before the thousands of years before?

Anyone would have known that the end was coming.

Even if he fought hard, with no more fuel left, he would naturally stop moving altogether.

And just earlier, that crystal had finally completely melded with his soul, the fusion was a success.

Fate decreed so!

Actually, if Luo Feng didn’t have such a sturdy heart, withstanding the pain for so long, the evolution wouldn’t even have happened 3,200 years ago. Without that evolution…no matter how strong he was, he wouldn’t have lasted another 3,000 years.

Even with that evolution.

If he didn’t hold on to his thought for close to 500 years…

This final moment! The final evolution!

Even with miracles, one needs hard work to create opportunities!

“Success.” Luo Feng opened his eyes, as his world energy shook off all the blood on his body. His eyes were incredibly fatigued and joyful. “I’ve succeeded, I’ve succeeded, I can return to you all…”

He was relaxed and gleeful.

The extreme fatigue on his soul overtook him and consumed his consciousness.

Rumble!

Luo Feng who had been sitting crossed legged all this while, even when death was upon him, suddenly fell and lay on the ground motionless. He had fallen into a deep sleep.

“He’s fallen asleep?”

“He actually fell asleep?” Pu Ti smiled at the scene, “It’s rare for a sector lord to fall asleep from fatigue.”

An undying would fall into a coma when they lost too much of their undying body.

And the moment a sector lord’s soul collapses, they die. Unless it was like Luo Feng’s condition where he forced too much out of his soul, far exceeding the limits of a sector lord’s soul. Hence he fell asleep right after succeeding. His soul itself was too tired, it required time to recover.

However, normally warriors who are able to unleash their soul strength were already considered not bad, much less exceeding its limits. For a sector lord to lose consciousness from fatigue was incredibly rare.

…

One month, two months, three months…

For a sector lord to be so tired that he required sleep, the sleep naturally lasted a long time. However as his soul was still complete, it wouldn’t be as long as an undying recovering from a coma.

Luo Feng slept for over nine years!

He hadn’t dreamt like that in a long time. He lay within the shrine of star tower, smiling as he lay there. He seemed to dream of happy things. At this time, beside him in the shrine…there were two incredibly terrifying beings of the universe there watching the scene.

Luo Feng’s eyes gradually opened.

He slept so deep that he dreamt of many things. It was clear his soul had completely recovered, when his dream finished, he opened his eyes.

“Child…” A warm voice resounded. Just like the voice from the black metal board, it made Luo Feng stand up immediately and turn about.

There were two silhouettes.

One was the familiar universe master Pu Ti. At this time, he sat crossed legged and had kept his power, remaining low profile. And right ahead in the center stood a majestic over 900m tall huge silhouette. He wore a normal green armor and had two translucent horns on his forehead, he was looking down at Luo Feng.

His vast energy engulfed the entire shrine.

Amidst the vast energy, Luo Feng felt like a normal human being covered by the sun. There was no sense of threat, instead it was very comfortable. It also made him realize this wasn’t pressure, but the natural life energy this being emitted. Just this energy alone far exceeded Pu Ti’s, and even the Primal chaos city leader’s…

“The universe laws, I can’t feel them anymore.” Luo Feng was shocked.

“How is this possible?”

“Why can’t I feel the laws?”

The warriors all trained in feeling the laws and comprehending them, the clearer they were the faster they trained. However, whether it was his human body, or the mosha body or the golden horned beast, they all similarly couldn’t feel a hint of the laws, just as though…

This being before him, his life energy forced even the laws of the universe away.

“This is the power of the great being?” Luo Feng looked at this over 900m tall majestic old being. Feeling shock within, “Even the laws of the universe are no match for him? It’s no wonder he can create the Nine volume manual, something that goes against the laws altogether, this is simply too…too…”

Over 900m tall, it shocked Luo Feng.

Human beings were hardly ever that tall. He didn’t know that this being’s normal size was actually over 90,000 km tall. As a completely unique life form, in terms of talent and bloodline level, it was much higher than the golden horned beast. However, to enter the shrine to see Luo Feng, he shrank himself to only 900m.

“Congratulations, from now on, you are the leader of the earth race. You have the right to become an absolute warrior of the universe!” The majestic being’s voice thundered throughout the hall straight into Luo Feng’s heart.

Beside him, the universe master Pu Ti was smiling at him too, and was happy for him. “Third junior, congratulations.”


Chapter 883: The Great Being

The words “Have the right to become an absolute warrior” made Luo Feng excited. This was coming from the great being of the universe himself…able to match up to the founder of the Huge axe dojo. In the eyes of this great being, to even begin to be called an absolute warrior, one had to at least be a universe master.

He had two disciples.

One was Pu Ti, a universe master.

The second was the leader of the Yan Shen race, who was also a universe master.

Luo Feng was about to become the third. He had hopes of becoming a universe master too! This made him burn with excitement within, universe master…reaching the pinnacle of knight level like the Tian Shi palace leader or Xi Luo Duo were already considered huge powers of the universe. As to reach the level of universe master…

With the power of time and space in his hands, one is even able to revive warriors. It would make the race have a never ending supply of warriors.

“The human race and the Yan Shen race are both my children.” The mountain like majestic old being gazed at Luo Feng, his voice booming throughout, “You’ve passed the many hidden tests, and even survived the star tower test, you are now my disciple, and probably the last one too.”

Luo Feng was shocked.

Last disciple? Who could say what the future held. But this being seemed to have already confirmed that he would only have three.

“Don’t be shocked.” The great being’s gaze was like sunlight itself, shining on Luo Feng’s soul. “For your senior and you, since the beginning of the universe, I’ve long had a plan and spent countless amounts of effort and used wealth accumulated over countless years on treasures for you two.”

“A large amount of treasures?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“Like building the star tower, even if your entire human race uses all its energy, even if you had my skills in creating treasures, how many can you build?” The being turned to Pu Ti, “My help towards Pu Ti however has been the least.”

Pu Ti bowed, “Teacher, without your help, I would have probably stayed an undying all my life.”

“Even without me, you would still have become a knight.” The being shook his head. “Back then I took in many underlings, and all of them with great talents. I’ve helped so many of them, they all had the same amount of help and resources, yet they all remained knights. Only you became a universe master.”

“It can’t be helped, every treasure recognizing a master is incredibly harsh. I began preparing for your two juniors long before they were born.”

“I already have my own treasures.” Pu Ti said.

“Your treasure isn’t worth mentioning. Compared to the six pinnacle races and their universe masters, yours is only considered normal.” The being shook his head. “I’m currently preparing a treasure for you, I’ve collected it for countless eras and it’s already almost done. It’ll probably take another 10 million eras for it to have some hope.”

Pu Ti bowed excitedly, replying respectfully, “I will be eternally grateful for everything Teacher does.”

“Haha, my disciples will get nothing less.” The being laughed loudly. “I only hope that one of you three will actually catch up to me. Haha…that would be the legend of the universe, both teacher and students, ultimate warriors, hahaha…”

Luo Feng embraced the thought within.

This great being had extremely few disciples, and both the second and third disciples were picked from races he made, creating his own techniques and picking the most exceptional of the lot. It was obvious that this being had harsh requirements for his disciples.

Outside of the two races he created, he only picked the one underling that he had great feelings for, the only one that became a universe master to be his disciple.

Other than that!

Despite the trillions of races, the countless eras that passed, among the countless geniuses, he never accepted another disciple. The Primal chaos city leader was different, as he carried the weight of humanity on his shoulders. However, when absolute geniuses of powerful beings appear, he would accept them as disciples. He had a whole bunch of disciples, and many more in name. Even the founder of the Huge Axe dojo was similar.

When it concerned the entire race, they were all like that.

This great being however was a completely unique life form, with no race to his name. He didn’t care about the geniuses at all. He nurtured two races as his children, only then would he put in the effort to raise them.

“Luo Feng my disciple, you haven’t called me teacher yet.” The being looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng bowed respectfully, shouting excitedly, “Teacher!”

The great being was the founder of the earth race. He could be said to be the great creator, and without him, there probably wouldn’t even be an earth race.

“Ok.”

“As my student, I will do my best to help you.” The being’s voice boomed. He looked at Luo Feng, “I have three methods in teaching my disciples. One, I like to prepare the best resources for them. Secondly, I will not teach any techniques at all. Thirdly, I will not care if you die or live, and I will definitely not revive you if you die.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Not teaching any techniques? Don’t care if he lived or died?

“A true warrior cannot be taught.” The being said solemnly. “Everything relies on yourself. Every universe master comes from their own created techniques and growth.”

“By having a teacher to always protect you, you’ll never become strong.”

“The way I teach my disciples, I don’t teach techniques, don’t care about their survival, and I will only provide resources. If you fall along the way, I will pick another candidate from the earth race to accept the life or death inheritance and find another third disciple. The two races I’ve nurtured are destined to always have their leader, and the leader may not always be in each generation, you are but one of them. Let’s hope you will forever remain the leader.”

His voice boomed, straight into Luo Feng’s soul.

And the voice of this great being was like vast energy, making others naturally submit.

“Understood.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“You understand the theory. No matter how powerful the teacher is, no matter how much resources he provides, the treasures he provides, if the student doesn’t train…then it would be impossible to even reach the undying level.” The being said seriously. “The external resources are very important, the self training is even more so. However the stronger one gets, the less the external help will benefit him. Using endless treasures will allow one to train a little to become undying. Becoming a knight however…will have harsh requirements on training. A universe master, that’s incredibly tough. If you become a universe master…to improve to the next level, where I am at, no treasure will help at all. Your first and second seniors have all been stuck at this point for countless eras. Other than humanity’s Huge Axe founder, no one else has been able to breakthrough.”

“I understand, I will do my best.” Luo Feng said excitedly.

Many warriors were afraid of not having enough resources.

Why were the pinnacle races and super powers fighting? Why massacre and have war? All for resources!

Nurturing geniuses required resources!

A warrior required resources to grow!

With that…it was akin to having the foundation, everything else relied on their own training. And this great being was providing enough resources for Luo Feng to become a great being himself. This was a terrifying amount of resources.

“I’ve prepared two treasures each for you and your second senior.”

“A total of four treasures.”

“Of which three are about the same level, only the star tower is different!”

“Your star tower is very special, as it is much stronger than any treasure your senior has.” The being exclaimed. “Back then, I spent countless resources and treasures to create the star tower. In the midst, something special happened that was totally unexpected, making its power grow much more than before! Making it the strongest treasure among all of them!”

“Even though its power grew, it also made the process of recognizing a master tens of thousands of times harder.”

“For the tower to recognize a master, I specially nurtured the souls and willpower of the earth race to be much sturdier. Even so, the first and second candidates both failed. And back then, the treasure for the Yan Shen race easily recognized its master, unlike you, having to go through so much.”

Luo Feng gasped within.

Right, it was torturous. He recalled the over 6,000 years of pain, every second felt like a year. These 6,000 years…were much harder than a normal hundred million years. It was like an endless hell, one without an end, suffering within. Fighting to stay alive…finally holding on to the thought of his family…

Until he grew too weak.

Luckily at the critical moment he succeeded!

“The star tower’s abilities are very strong, and because of the special change, even I don’t know its limits. Just to have it recognize a master alone was extremely tough, triggering it is even tougher.” The being said, Luo Feng understood as well. Like the Sha Wu wings, its basic form alone required comprehending the first level of Beast god transformation.

The wings had little use for universe masters.

But the star tower was suitable even for the greatest of beings! One of the strongest treasures of the universe! Without a master controlling, it left the universe masters dumbfounded. Even the strongest of the four pinnacle races couldn’t forcefully take it. The requirements for using it, would naturally be much harsher than the Sha Wu wings.

“Your human teacher, the Primal chaos city leader is the highest of universe masters in the vast universe. Even your second senior is at most his level, and even possible weaker.”

“However, if you ever become a universe master, with these two treasures, especially the star tower, it will definitely make you at least be his level. You might even be able to suppress him.”

“This is the power of the strongest treasure.”

The ancient being said, “The star tower is one, and I’ve prepared another treasure for you, named Force armor.”

“Force armor?” Luo Feng was stunned.

“The Force armor had been placed amongst the Yan Shen race, and is being guarded by your second senior. This armor…with special resources, can produce different levels of armor pearls, namely the soldier, general, king and Emperor armor pearls. These are all suited for the Yan Shen race, but are mainly used by knights and below. At most raising the entire strength as a whole. The Force armor is the true treasure, which is even suitable for universe masters to use. It has endless power and is your second treasure.”

Luo Feng was overwhelmed when he heard this.

The soldier, general, king and emperor armors…were produced by the Force armor?

“One force armor and the star tower which was even more terrifying.”

“The great being had prepared two true treasures for the leader of the earth race.”

“These were both more intrepid than the Sha Wu wings, and is enough to make even universe masters go crazy for. Let’s hope that the requirements for using them aren’t too harsh.” Luo Feng was a little worried. With his little bit of strength, would he be able to use such terrifying treasures?


Chapter 884: The Future of The Earth Race

Within the shrine, amidst the countless sealed stars, the great being gazed down at Luo Feng, speaking slowly and affectionately. His voice boomed throughout the shrine, as a completely unique life form of the universe, his height was naturally over 90,000 km, he was used to speaking loudly.

“Disciple, your two treasures, one is the star tower, the other is the Force armor. As for your second senior’s two treasures, one is the Yan Shen Halberd and the other is the Raw Soul.”

“Back then, when I nurtured the Yan shen race, they were naturally born with natural abilities. Hence, they naturally became fighters. The leader, which is your second senior was also proficient in close combat, with endless power. The Yan Shen Halberd was a terrifying weapon, while the the Raw soul was a special soul treasure. When fused with the soul, it could make the soul become extremely strong!”

Luo Feng was shocked.

The Treasure Raw soul could strengthen a soul?

“Your second senior’s god body was extremely powerful, but his soul was relatively normal compared to it, and was akin to normal universe masters. Using the Raw soul, it gave him the upper hand. Since then…the Raw soul has made his soul side grow much stronger, and with the Yan Shen Halberd giving him intrepid strength. Currently, he’s become an absolute power of the universe, who was proficient in battles, and became a race that many others do not dare mess with.

Luo Feng nodded as he heard.

He respected within, creating a super power of the universe, which was truly unbelievable.

“However, I wasn’t satisfied.” The being looked at Luo Feng, his eyes gleaming. “Hence, I created the earth race.”

“Even though the body was strong, the universe has some ways to change the bloodline and evolve the genetics. I created the Nine volume manual that went against the laws of the universe, and was able to improve the foundation of earth humans, raising them to become an extremely rare and powerful life form! You possessed the golden horned beast. Hence, you are already considered one of the pinnacle bloodlines, your attack strength is tens of times that of a human. The first of the Nine volumes raises the strength three times, the second is six times, and the third is twelve times. Just the three volumes alone can make a human body exceed that of a pinnacle bloodline golden horned beast!”

“Then there is the fourth and fifth…”

As one goes further, the commonly seen bloodlines and life forms will have no way to match you. The golden horned beast is able to pass on its memories to its next generation, it is still considered a normal race.” The being exclaimed, “And there are still other special life forms in the universe, they have no way to reproduce or pass down anything.”

“Since the dawn of time, some life forms could possible only have two or three members of it’s race in the entire universe, even some having but one, completely unique.”

“The stronger they are, and the more heavenly the life form is, the lesser the numbers.”

“Like the way you acquired the blood river energy, they are blood drops of the Beast god.” The majestic being exclaimed. “The Beast god is a completely unique life form, with the laws embedded within its body, having the strength of a universe master! Can you imagine being born as a universe master?”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Special life form?

He had searched thoroughly before and understood quite a bit. There were life forms born in special environments of the universe, which were unable to reproduce or pass down. It was impossible for them to have a race. The golden horned beast, though rare, could still reproduce and pass down their knowledge. Over countless eras of accumulating…it resulted in large amounts of absolute warriors.

However some special life forms like the Beast god, was the only one in the universe, with no way to reproduce, they naturally couldn’t form a race.

“Many special life forms in the universe have to grow from being weak and small. The Beast god, with the laws embedded in its body, was naturally strong. But, such a thing is extremely rare.” The being looked down at Luo Feng. “These special life forms have genetics that are hundreds of times to thousands of times stronger than humans. This far exceeded the golden horned beast.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The golden horned beast was already considered a pinnacle bloodline, and it referred to the many generations of reproduction. Those unique life forms that exceeded the beast were plenty too, only their numbers were pitiful. Like the Beast god and the great being, they were completely unique.

“Using the Nine volume manual is akin to creating a special life form. It’s a pity that only one person can use it, and it has to be a flesh and blood life form with the soul from earth to train.” The being said.

“I have great expectations for you.”

“You have the Nine volume manual and your genetics are hence much more evolved. You will eventually have a very powerful body and soul! As a rare exceptional leader of countless ears, your willpower and consciousness are already very powerful. Consciousness will strengthen your spirit energy, and willpower will make your consciousness even more powerful! These two tools will make your soul unleash strength tens to hundreds of times what it is naturally capable of.”

“Strong body and soul, strong willpower and consciousness too.”

“Whether it’s the body or the soul, there are many ways to strengthen them. Only willpower and consciousness relies on one’s heart, treasures and techniques are useless.” The being sighed. “Hence, after suffering from the previous experience, I created the earth race, with the mental states as the core. Even though the body is considered quite normal among humanity, the universe is vast and mysterious, with powerful consciousness and willpower, it’s enough to make countless races look up to you.”

Luo Feng nodded.

In terms of mental states, the earth humans were indeed worthy of respect from countless races.

“These two treasures now belong to you.”

“The force armor, even though your body is strong, when you become a true absolute warrior, it’s still be weaker than your soul. Hence, you can use the armor to strengthen it!”

“The star tower strengthens your soul, willpower and consciousness. You naturally should walk the path of the spirit reader controller or illusionist. Your body is strong now, when you reach undying, your soul side will truly shine! This star tower is something that is incredibly suited for you…”

“Your second senior and you have a total of four treasures. Among which, the star tower is the most complex, you will slowly understand it later.”

“Let me take you to a place now.” The being’s voice rumbled as he stood up.

“Teacher, where are we going?” Luo Feng was curious.

“You’ll find out soon.”

The being took one step and appeared in the center of the shrine. A warped passage appeared in the center, Pu Ti and Luo Feng, followed behind. This pathway extended into a space passage.

…

Within the warped passage.

The great being and the others flew as fast as lightning, quickly reaching a mysterious area.

Hua hua hua…

A colorful space.

With a glance, one could easily see different colored water droplets floating in the vast space. The being brought Luo Feng and Pu Ti into the area.

“This is a space within the star tower.” The great being pointed at the colorful water droplets floating around. “Luo Feng, do you know what are these?”

“Hm?”

Luo Feng carefully examined them. With a glance, there were over a million of them, floating in a blur about the space.

“This is the future of your earth race.” The being exclaimed.

“The earth race’s future?” Luo Feng held his breath, looking at the millions of water droplets.

“Hm.”

The being nodded, “I created the Force armor for you, and the Raw soul for your senior. In truth, their strength doesn’t reach their optimum level at all. The main thing about these two treasures…is their ability to reproduce. I spent more than half of the materials making sure they were able to produce other such treasures.”

“The force armor can produce the soldier, general, king and emperor armor.”

“The raw soul can produce the soldier, general, king and emperor soul.”

“Of course these are just names, representing the four different categories.” The old being smiled. “The armors are able to be used by the Yan Shen race and others specially evolved by me. Of course, since you are trained in the Nine volume manual, you belong to my race of evolution as well. Also, your evolution is even higher than the Yan Shen race. You can use them too.”

Luo Feng realized.

It was no wonder that humanity hadn’t been able to study the armors. Not even being able to discover the soldier and general fragments. The usage requirements were simply too harsh. When this great being created them back then, they were specially made only for those he had specially evolved.

“The Raw soul is the same.”

“When I modified earth into a nurturing basket.”

“The raw soul…the soldier, general, king and emperor souls could only be used by earth humans.” The old being exclaimed. “Other than you earth humans, only the leader of the Yan Shen race, and your senior can use the soldier and general soul’s strength. Of course the Raw soul he has doesn’t require all these.”

“However…”

“These aspects are very important to your earth race.”

“With them, the earth race can create a very terrifying spirit reader army. Whether they are controllers or illusionists, they would all be incredibly powerful. They would be able to reduce the mortality rate of the earth’s elites. That way, there would be a higher probability of producing knights!”

“The earth people have a limitless future.”

“As they have to be born on earth itself for their soul to be special, and the earth is only so big. Hence, it would limit the number of humans on earth. Bound by this little planet…it’s made the earth race as rare as the Yan Shen race. However the percentage of powerful warriors would be very high. With enough time, when you become an absolute warrior in the future, with your protection, guidance and nurture, you will create a powerful race.”

“Of course whether you remain within humanity, or make the earth race a separate race itself, it’s all your choice.”

“However, this would all have to wait till you become a true powerful warrior in the universe before it’s possible.”


Chapter 885: Touring the Tower

Luo Feng looked at the vast space of water droplets.He was almost able to see the future of the earth warriors in his eyes. With his guidance, the name of the earth would spread far and wide, becoming an incredible power of the trillions of races in the universe.

“Even though a skyscraper always starts from the first level, the foundation of the building will determine how high it can go.”

“My foundation is set!”

“It’s time to build!”

“It’ll all depend on my hard work.” Luo Feng thought. There were extremely few in the universe that had as many resources as him. Humanity had countless races under it with quite a few universe masters. It was definitely unwise to leave this star tower and Force armor to a sector lord immediately.

No matter how much of a genius he was, it was impossible!

The great being however was a lone wolf. He didn’t need to think about the race, and it was obvious that his accumulated wealth and strength wasn’t too far off from humanity as a whole. To be on good terms with such a being…even the universe masters would be incredibly happy.

“My disciple.” The majestic being pointed to the floating water droplets around. “There are a total of a million soldier souls, 100,000 general, 10,000 king and 1,000 emperor souls. They are similar to the Yan Shen armors, they have a huge requirement on the bodies. The Raw souls have a huge requirement on their souls.

“The soldier soul, only a normal human sector lord pinnacle can fully accept the fusion.

“The general requires 100 times that of a sector lord pinnacle.”

“The king soul requires 10,000 times.”

“The emperor soul requires 1 million.”

The being looked at Luo Feng. “Disciple, even though you are only sector lord, you have soul amplification techniques. In terms of willpower and consciousness, you’ve passed the life or death inheritance. The consciousness is part of the soul, while yours may be slightly weaker, its akin to an undying. However in terms of willpower…many knights don’t even compare to you.”

The star tower inheritance is very special, the stronger the soul, the more painful the fusion.

Hence back when the being got a big group of warriors to experiment on, he had got a few knights to give it a shot. Anyone able to become a knight was incredibly powerful and would have been an absolute genius. However the pain was unbearable, without any struggle, they all fell! Very simple.

The sector lords and undyings had weaker souls, the pain from the inheritance was naturally lesser. But, even they all fell too. All they did was that they managed to struggle a little.

Hence he set for the candidates to be either sector lord or undying.

But for Luo Feng to succeed…his willpower had to be heavenly first, honing it over the past 6,000 years, especially with that evolution at the 3,200 year mark. A knight’s willpower couldn’t even compare to his.

“The soul acts as the soldier, the consciousness is the general, and the willpower commands them all. The stronger the consciousness and willpower, the higher the amount of strength you are able to unleash. Even though you are a sector lord, you have over 32 times soul amplification. However, using your willpower…even after using the General soul, you’d still have plenty to spare.” The being said. “Take these two general souls. One is for your earth body, and another for the golden horned beast. Once I have arranged everything, you can use it then.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

With a flip of his hand, he kept two general souls into his world ring.

“Teacher, these soldier and general souls…” Luo Feng was hesitant. Beside him, the universe master Pu Ti laughed, “Third junior, they are all special items, and their level of power is not lower than many true treasures. Unless you truly want to begin nurturing the earth race warriors, otherwise, it’s better to leave them here. They are safest here.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, looking at the countless water droplets, these were the future of the earth warriors.

“Follow me, let me take you on a tour of the star tower!” The being pointed ahead and countless water droplets in the space began to form a boat. First it formed the head and later on the rest of it the power gathering of energy formed an exquisite over 10km long boat. Luo Feng stared wide eyed.

“Get on.” The being jumped in and sat crossed legged.

Since he was over 900m tall, when he sat in this over 10km long boat, it was almost like a normal person sitting in a 30m long boat, it was normal enough. However, Luo Feng and Pu Ti were much smaller.

“Creation?” Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with shock. This was a boat that was even stronger than the one Nine blade had sat in, yet he constructed it so easily.

“Are you shocked? Third junior, teacher is one of the greatest beings of the universe. The laws make way for him, they are useless in the area around him. You should feel it too, you cant even feel the laws around him.” Pu Ti smiled at Luo Feng. “And he’s able to fully control whatever happens in the area around him. It’s not like the laws obeying him, rather, he’s the master!”

“Within a certain area, even the laws have to obey whatever he says!”

“If he said that fire can freeze a person to death, that would happen.”

“If he said that countless lives have reached the end of their life spans and should die, then they would all die.”

“If he said that a star should vanish, giving off endless light, that would happen.”

“If he said that the speed limit isn’t light speed, but 10 times that, then this area would allow ten times light speed.”

“The laws obey him!”

“Within his area, the laws are useless and he controls everything.” Pu Ti laughed as he looked at Luo Feng’s shocked expression.

Luo Feng was completely stunned.

The laws obey him?

This was the great being?

Anything he said goes?

The laws were useless?

“Of course it’s not as invincible as you think. In this vast universe… everything flows according to the origin laws, it gives the strongest beings respect. Hence they have certain privileges, this ability is only applicable to a fixed area around him. If one is truly going against the laws of the universe, that would be suicide.”

“In theory, being able to do this would mean he can easily kill countless warriors?”

“However, when it came to the universe masters who are able to control time and space…even the great being would find it hard to kill them.” Pu Ti explained.

…

Luo Feng felt shocked as he listened to the explanation. The perspectives were completely different. In the past, he was fixated on becoming an emperor or knight, looking high up at the universe masters, having some hope of someday becoming one. Which genius didn’t have that dream?

A soldier that didn’t want to be general wasn’t a good soldier, but just how many could make it that far?

The geniuses all had ambitions and dreams, but many end up simply just that.

Luo Feng looked up to the universe masters. However, now with both his seniors as universe masters, and his teacher being the great being, listening to them speak was like hearing the highest level of secrets about the universe.

“Star tower, nine light years tall.”

“If you slowly go about it, who knows when you’ll finish.” The majestic being sat crossed legged like a huge mountain. He pointed about, “Let me guide you and you’ll finish it in half a day. Pay close attention.”

Luo Feng sat in the boat.

The boat’s speed far exceeded light speed. In theory, the moment that happened, they would enter the dark universe, but that didn’t happen. The great being had already fixed the speed limit around the boat, going against the laws of the universe. This was something only the great being could do.

The most peculiar thing was, Luo Feng could still see everything clearly.

“Able to see everything past light speed?” Luo Feng couldn’t understand it at all. Everything went against what he was used to, but he carried on.

The vast star tower.

There was endless space within. The many forbidden paces only took up less than 1% of the area. As for the larger areas, there were the many heavenly pillars…endless pillars, The short ones were a few light seconds long, while the long ones were over one light year!

The pillars had endless engravings and were incredible complex. They glowed with gold light. They leaned and supported the tower, and around them were other strange shaped treasures, all with enormous amounts of energies. Other than those, there were the many sealed stars. They were like automatic cars that revolved on their own all about, ever the ones with markings on them.

The pillars were the framework of the entire tower!

The other treasures were the tiles and bricks!

And countless sealed stars revolved about!

The huge law engravings covered the heavenly pillars, piercing through countless treasures and sealed stars. It almost looked like an incredibly terrifying machine…forming one complete body. This was the true treasure, star tower. While Luo Feng could visibly see the complex engravings…it exceeded even that of the Beast god statue.

This tour…took an entire day.

Luo Feng was completely stunned.

“These law engravings…” Luo Feng held his breath.

“Even though I spent countless years and effort on them.” The great being’s voice boomed. “But during the process, a special change occurred that was out of my control. Even I couldn’t understand it, this was the wonder of the universe. My disciple, you can feel and sense the entire tower.”

“Yes I can.”

Luo Feng nodded, “After the process was over, I could feel it. The sealed stars, I feel as though they are easy enough for me to just grab, easy for me to enter the many forbidden spaces. As for triggering the entire tower…I still feel like I’m facing an immovable mountain.”

“The star tower has limitless power.” The being smiled. “You are still so weak, how can you trigger it?”

“Just triggering that force armor alone requires a body strength of one hundred million times sector lord! Normally, only knights can reach that limit. When you break through to undying, you will definitely become emperor invincible level, and will be even stronger than many invincible emperors out there. When you train in the Nine volume manual later on, you will become akin to a special life form, you’d be able to use the force armor then.”

“However, the star tower is stronger than the armor by hundreds of times.”

“Triggering it is incredibly hard.”

“For you to use it perfectly…”

“It will be very difficult!”

“The moment you can do it, even if you use the smallest amount of strength, it would be extremely easy for you to squash the knights.” The being said. “But, right now, you are still weak.”


Chapter 886: Star Map

“I understand.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“The star tower and Force armor are both items you cannot fully utilize yet. The Force armor is a complete armor that cannot be separated. However, there are countless treasures within star tower…you can take some of them. I’ve made some special treasures according to what star tower produces.” The being flipped his hand.

Hua..

A huge map floated in the air above the boat, engulfing the entire boat. The over 10km long boat became but a tiny dot against this map.

A terrifying energy emanated from it.

This map’s energy was incredibly powerful, far exceeding the sealed stars.

“This map is a true treasure, which is able to meld the many sealed stars within. With the two combined, it becomes a very special treasure…Star map. Although, it barely reaches the level of true treasure.” The being looked at Luo Feng. “Once you become its master, you will know of its wonders.”

The map shrank swiftly and landed before Luo Feng.

Luo Feng received it, sending a thread of world energy inside. With his spirit imprint within, he formed a soul connection with it and information about the star map poured into his mind.

“So it’s like that, what a terrifying star map.” Luo Feng was shocked.

The map itself was a treasure.

The sealed stars were treasures too.

The map was able to absorb the sealed stars, and according to the information he gathered, it could at most hold 100,000 sealed stars! Every sealed star was a treasure. Once 100,000 sealed stars were absorbed by the map, it would make the star map become a true treasure.

The star map could be used to imprint Luo Feng’s attack techniques and law engravings.

The moment it attacks, the stars within would connect with the laws, its power was limitless.

“I was lazy.” The being laughed, his voice resounding throughout the space. “Thus I made this map, the sealed stars however are from star tower.”

“Thank you teacher.”

Luo Feng was truly grateful.

“This star map can hold up to 100,000 sealed stars. Even though there are many sealed stars within star tower, they are all important pieces of star tower itself, and none can be spared. Only very few, about 10,000 of them are useless. Those you can take.” The being said.

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded. After becoming the master of star tower, he came to know of many things.

“Actually…”

The majestic being exclaimed, his voice echoing throughout, “The sealed stars, when I first made them, it didn’t have the ability to seal. It was mostly for attacking…whether its controlling countless stars to attack or trap an enemy. However when the change happened, the many stars acquired the ability to seal, that exceeded my expectations.”

“Controlling the stars with the law engravings on them, they can easily be sent to seal others.”

“Before you can control the entire tower, controlling the stars to attack would be a big advantage for you.” The being exclaimed. “If you can completely control the star tower…with just one attack, you can make the tower like a dagger and pierce forward. This attack! Would be its strongest attack. Even with its weakest strength, it would still easily kill a knight. If you can unleash more of its strength, everyone in the universe would fear it.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask, “Teacher, may I ask when I’ll actually be able to trigger the entire tower?”

“Haha…”

“Can you see the energy whirlpools?” The being asked.

“Yes, the nine whirlpools are incredibly powerful, even knights would die if they fell in.” Luo Feng said.

“The nine whirlpools are there for the tower to regenerate its energy, absorbing energy from the universe itself.” The being said. “The tower is nine light years tall, and it holds immense power. Even the absolute warriors of the universe have no way to power it. To hold such strength, the amount of energy it uses is terrifying too.”

“It’s constantly swallowing energy, hence it’s able to easily destroy a knight. If you shrink its size, when will you be able to supply that much energy?” The being asked.

Luo Feng was stunned.

That would take a huge amount of energy, the whirlpools alone could destroy knights.

“Relax, that’s at its optimum form, you only need to unleash the minimum strength and the energy required would be much lesser.” The being said. “Even so, it far exceeds the requirements for the force armor! As for the star tower, I have one request for you.”

“Please say it.” Luo Feng replied.

“Before you can fully trigger it, let it stay here.” The being emphasized.

“Leave it here?” Luo Feng instantly understood.

“The star tower has long drawn the attention of the absolute warriors of the universe, even beings that can match my strength have longed for it. This is afterall one of the strongest weapons in the universe. It’s been noticed here in the outer region wars for a long time, the moment it vanishes, it would create a huge commotion.”

“All you soldiers of the outer region wars in star tower, the soldiers of the four camps, the hundreds of thousands of emperors including you, no one will get away!” The being said.

Luo Feng stared wide eyed.

Hundreds of thousands of emperors, no one could escape.

Right.

For such a treasure, it would attract the most terrifying of beings. With their power, who could escape? Even the universe masters of the universe, they wouldn’t let Luo Feng and the others get away. With Luo Feng’s status…getting the Sha Wu wings which had little help to the universe masters was still ok.

But for the star tower, even the strongest of warriors would go crazy for it, it definitely wasn’t something he could possess now.

The Huge Axe founder, the Primal chaos city leader…

They all constantly thought for humanity.

Yet they too would take this away from Luo Feng, and give it to some strong universe master to use. It was even possible for the Huge Axe founder to use it for himself.

“Unless you have the strength to match up to them, without it, don’t come and move it.” The being emphasized. “If you can truly trigger it, you’d almost have strength that could match up to them. Plus, with humanity behind you, by then you’d be one of humanity’s upper echelons, and no one would dare take your treasure. Naturally you’d have the right to own the star tower.”

Luo Feng nodded.

This was a double edged sword.

“You have three treasures now.” The being said. ” When I first saw you, your energy was completely camouflaged, like a normal undying. Anything able to do that is a true treasure, this must be something your teacher the Primal chaos city leader gave you. For him to give it to you means it has little use for universe masters, but it’s still enough for knights to envy. This is your first treasure”

Luo Feng blinked his eyes.

This was extremely accurate.

“The second one is the Tower pearl. This is the pearl that fused with your soul. This pearl…is the control center for the forbidden spaces within the tower, and sealing is the most important ability of the tower. The attacking and piercing are subsidiary. While the defensive abilities are secondary too, sealing an absolute warrior…is its main ability.”

“The pearl itself is considered a treasure too.”

“Fusing the pearl with your soul, you should know how to use it to protect your soul.”

Luo Feng nodded. During the process of fusing the pearl, it was incredibly painful. However, after its completion, he could feel that it was extraordinary.

“The third is the star map. Fusing it with the sealed stars will grow its power. It’s already considered a low level true treasure. Your strength currently is unable to use too many sealed stars. Even with the general soul, I estimate you’ll probably only be able to use about 10 stars, and that’s already not bad.”

“Three treasures.”

“All the universe has yet to see these treasures.” The being said. “Since its so, nobody can recognize it. As long as you don’t use their power to their limits, no one would be able to guess your treasures.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Sha Wu wings were yet to be discovered.

As for the Star map, he would go fuse it with the sealed stars later, it was a completely new treasure.

Tower pearl on the other hand was the core of the star tower. No one had ever successfully fused with it before, hence no one knew about it.

These three treasures all belonged to the realm of true treasures, at the level where the universe masters wouldn’t bother too much, but sufficient for knights to go crazy for.

“Don’t get cocky. These three low treasures are not even a fraction of the star tower or the force armor.” The being said.

“I will work hard to be able to use the force armor and star tower as soon as possible.”Luo Feng said.

“Hm.” The being nodded.

…

Luo Feng and Pu Ti sat on the boat and listened to their teacher, beginning their way back to the shrine.

The speed on the way back was very fast, they reached back in an instant.

“Teacher, I’ve only acquired two fragments of the Nine volume manual. May I know where the rest are?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask.

“The Nine volume manual can make your genes evolve to the level of a special life form in the universe.” He looked down at Luo Feng, “And if your genetics are too absurd, it would attract the attention of countless warriors. The stronger you get, only then would you be worthy of getting special treasures.”

“The heavenly crystal fragments of the manual, there are a total of five pieces.”

“You’ve already gotten two pieces. As for the other three, they are placed in dangerous regions in the universe. At sector lord level, you can go get another piece, at undying, you can go get the other. After becoming a knight…you can go get the last piece.” The being looked at Luo Feng. “The areas get more and more dangerous.”

“When you become a knight and get the last piece, completing the set…I think you’ll be very close to triggering the entire star tower.”

“The coordinates for these three metal boards have some simple descriptions about the dangers.”

The being pointed at Luo Feng, and a beam of light flew at him straight into his mind.The information poured in and Luo Feng instantly understood.

“Disciple, don’t die at these places.” The being said.

“Yes.”

Luo Feng was very clear.

“Now that the job is done, I’ve prepared sufficiently for you. With three treasures…everything will depend on yourself. I will not help you at all in the future.” The being said. “I await the day…you’ll be able to trigger the entire star tower.”

After he said that, the space shook.

The being had vanished.

…

Leaving behind Luo Feng and Pu Ti in the shrine.

“Senior, I’m ashamed to say I still don’t know what teacher’s name was.” Luo Feng said, he didn’t dare ask before.

“Haha…”

Pu Ti sat crossed legged and laughed, “No one knows his true name, but because he often sits on a mountain peak and is seen as such throughout the vast universe. The absolute warriors of the vast universe gave him a title, Mountain Sitting Guest.”

“Your second senior’s name is Cao Ben qi, he’s known in the universe as Emperor Yan.”

“The great being Mountain sitting guest and the leader of the Yan Shen Race Emperor Yan?” Luo Feng remembered them.

“The earth race has a leader now and the job is done. I’m much more relaxed now. Third junior…I’ll take my leave.” Pu Ti smiled and the space shook as he vanished.

Within the shrine.

Luo Feng stood alone, smiling, “My teacher is one of the strongest in the universe, Mountain sitting guest. But, he sure is lax about his disciples. From now till the time I trigger the star tower, he didn’t even care at all.”


Chapter 887: Luo Feng’s Teleportation

Luo Feng walked within the shrine, as he reached the edge, a pathway appeared.

Standing before it, the endless sealed stars floated outside.

“Stars come.” Luo Feng smiled.

Immediately, the tower began to revolve within. From the endless years of consuming energy, part of the energy began to rush over from within the tower, quickly gathering before Luo Feng. Over 10,000 sealed stars revolved. All of them didn’t seem to have the gold glow of origin laws.

“The other sealed stars cannot be taken. Hence, these 16,235 stars are currently useless.” Luo Feng nodded.

He triggered the stars via the star tower, they began to fly over to him and recognize him as their master one by one.

“Teacher had said that I’d at most be able to trigger ten of them at the same time. Then I’ll first take a hundred and when I need more, I’ll come back again.” Luo Feng stood in space. In front of him, there were a hundred sealed stars that looked like glass pearls were revolving.

With a flip of his hand, star map appeared.

The hundred pearls all landed within the map. Immediately star marks began to appear throughout the map as they began to form a special connection.

The star map was born.

“Sky tearing claw.” With a thought, he looked down at the star map and a complex law engraving appeared on it. It was the complete law engraving of his sky tearing claw. Six out of the hundred stars glowed with gold.

“Looks like sky tearing claw can at most trigger 6 stars.” Luo Feng nodded.

The use of the star map was as such, by controlling a large amount of sealed stars, one can imprint techniques within them. One could also easily wipe it clean and place a different technique if and when needed. The level of the techniques would determine how many stars were needed.

“Rise!”

Luo Feng roared.

Six pearls rose gradually out of the star map. They were completely black in color and glowed with laws. After changing from within the star map, it was impossible to tell that these six little stars…were the powerful sealed stars from before.

“Go!”

Luo Feng gazed into the space ahead.

Hua!

The six black stars immediately rushed forward, connecting with the universe laws. Countless gold threads interweaved, and in almost an instant, they formed a claw. Just for the limb and claw portion…it brought with it terrifying force as it slashed through the space ahead.

Luo Feng was full of joy as he looked on, after which the six stars returned back into the star map.

“Haha, this star map is definitely a spirit reader’s treasure.” He was incredibly excited. The weapons a spirit reader requires were normally powerful techniques that were placed within incredibly expensive materials. Therefore, during battle, they could rely on triggering the law engravings, saving a large amount of effort to unleash maximum strength.

The Nan Shen Armament had the nine techniques imprinted within before combining the knife blades within. Hence, using the weapon to unleash the power of the techniques.

The star map was different.

It could switch the techniques within at any given time. With the sealed stars as its foundation, no matter how powerful the techniques were…even a universe master, would probably just have to use a little more sealed stars to place his techniques within.

“And these are sealed stars!”

“Every one of them is a true treasure, which is extremely powerful. Even if I don’t use any powerful techniques, just the sealed stars alone attacking would be incredibly powerful. Even the stars, white dwarf star etc, they would be instantly smashed. This was afterall a treasure even knights sought.” Luo Feng smiled.

Unlike the Sha Wu wings, as it was too powerful, he was unable to unleash enough of its strength yet.

The star map, though powerful by itself, the sealed stars within… were true treasures too. The moment Luo Feng uses the General soul, he would be able to trigger extremely powerful techniques.

“Star map…this star map will be able to take any technique I come up with.”

“It will accommodate my path!”

“From today on, this star map…will be called the Star diagram.” Luo Feng really like this star map. Hence, he could take liberty to completely name it what he wanted.

“Absorbing the General soul.”

Luo Feng flipped his hand and a drop of water floated and flew towards his forehead, gently fusing as it touched. As it connected with his main core, it was like water gushing into a dry river, swiftly being absorbed. The absorbed general soul was like an infant growing into a giant, giving endless strength.

“So powerful.”

“With my current willpower and consciousness, I can completely trigger it. The soldier soul…has 1,000 times the sector lord’s soul strength, while the general soul has 10,000 times.” He exclaimed. “Teacher created the Force armor and Raw soul. Even though they both targeted different aspects, the requirements and strengths are pretty similar, as one is for the body, while the other is for the soul.”

Luo Feng’s current spirit energy was incredibly powerful, having 10,000 times sector lord spirit energy with the General soul. This was akin to a low emperor, and with his control of his willpower and consciousness…he could unleash strength akin to a pinnacle emperor.

“Weng.”

A blur tower silhouette began to engulf the little Beast god formed from his main core. This silhouette…was formed from the tower pearl, it slowly got absorbed and vanished.

“My soul’s foundation is set, and with my willpower, the power will be limitless. Just in terms of defense, with the help of tower pearl… who can deal with me?” Luo Feng was incredibly confident.

…

He spread his silver wings within the shrine.

With the Sha Wu wings on his back and the tower pearl within, also with the General armor and general soul…he even had the star map for offense! He was intrepid, as this was enough to make emperor limits despair. Against such a terrifying being, who would dare offend him?

In terms of foundation, it was deep. He had many treasures, even Seven blade or Life fall emperor would all stare in shock. Only thing was their strength was very strong, combined with their treasures, they could still give Luo feng a tough fight.

“6,000 years of life or death inheritance.”

“Over 5,000 years of studying the beast god path, assisting my space laws.” He exclaimed, when he was at the 1,000 plus mark, he had already reached the 19th level of the beast god path, with 5,000 years now, he had already reached the 20th level, his improvement speed was incredibly fast.

Passing the heavenly bridge’s 20th level!

Terrifying, of course the main thing was that he had the beast god statue to forcefully copy and imitate, plus his willpower and consciousness kept getting stronger, allowing him to reach higher levels quickly.

Just his beast god presence improvement alone was swift.

However, his Nan Shen 7 forms and space laws were slower.

He had just finished the 2nd form of the Nan Shen 7 forms, its power was only akin to the heavenly bridge’s 18th level.

With regards to the space laws, he had completely comprehended the 6th picture, akin to the 18th level too.

It was obvious in terms of law comprehension, the beast god presence was much harder to make progress in…however as it was much more powerful, it gave him terrifying strength.

“And I got an extra surprise.”

“I only completed the 6th picture of the space laws, and the 7th picture is the most important, yet I know nothing about it. The Mosha body however…using the life crystal and its special connection with the universe, is now able to use teleportation.”

“Teleportation.”

“I’m now able to do it myself.” He was incredibly happy, “Even though I have Heavy arrow as a slave, during critical times of battle, the enemy will naturally deal with us separately, Heavy arrow will be unable to always stay by my side.”

“If I need to flee, being able to teleport myself is the fastest.”

He had already imagined it, if his earth body was fighting, he could let the mosha body become a piece of metal and appear within his muscles.

Shua!

The mosha body could use teleportation and he could flee. The mosha body and the earth body both shared the same main core, for the mosha body to appear from within his internal world…this was something no one could stop. Unlike the world ring which required world energy to guide.

Appearing from within the internal world only required a thought.

…

6,000 years, his improvement was indeed a jump.

His beast god presence had reached the 20th level, Nan Shen 7 forms, the 2nd level, his mosha body could teleport, his willpower was now at least thousands of times stronger than before…and his teacher had left him 2 treasures that would make countless knights go crazy for, altogether, he had 3 treasures now, along with his special General Soul and armor…

Everything was within his grasp.

“Many methods within my grasp, even against 7 blade or Life fall or Da Long, I need not fear.” He was incredibly confident, getting the inheritance from the sitting mountain guest being, he learnt that there were quite a few such powerful beings in the universe.

Such warriors that didn’t need to think about races or others, their inheritance could truly make the 6 pinnacle races go green with envy.

The primal chaos city leader had long thought…if he couldn’t get them in, it was better to let someone of his race get their inheritance, that would be extremely beneficial to the race.

“Everything is settled.”

“Time to visit my family.” Luo Feng’s gaze before was piercing and strong, the moment he thought of his family, they softened.

During the life or death inheritance, he persevered all because he wanted to see his family again…

The only thing was after he awoke, he needed to speak to the great being, against him, he didn’t dare send a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe to see his family. That was incredibly disrespectful! That was his first meeting, he didn’t want to offend his teacher.

If he was a teacher and he went to see his disciple for the 1st time, should his disciple be distracted and have part of his consciousness in the virtual universe, he would definitely not be happy.

Hence he had to bear with it…

Waiting until his teacher left before swiftly settling the star map, absorbing the General soul, once everything was done…it was time to see his family.


Chapter 888: Luo Feng’s Return

Virtual universe, within Luo Feng’s villa in the primal region.

“Hm?” Luo Feng just connected and realized he had a bunch of mail.

“So much.”

He was stunned, gently tapping in mid air as the pages appeared and he read through.

“Primal chaos city leader teacher had tried to contact him twice, True Yan nine times, Bolan once, Rong Jun twice, Gao Sheng once…”

“Luo Ping eighteen times, Luo Hai twenty one times, Luo Hua three times, Dad three times, Mom eighty three times As for Xu Xin, she had contacted him 38,192 times!”

A blur of messages, it completely stunned Luo Feng.

Other than his teachers, friends and family, there were other friends from the Hong alliance. Some had invited Blade River emperor to explore regions with them, some wanting to sell some items to him, some asking for help…

…

The Primal chaos city leader’s mail was very simply, “Come see me as soon as possible!”

True yan’s mail said, “If you survive, there’s no rush. Deal with your family first then come see me.”

…

Bolan and his other good friends before had just become sector lords not long ago.

As for his friend Gao Sheng who he met on Horned star dragon long time ago, he mailed him to tell him he had broken off from his family and had been exploring the universe for many years, finally striking it big. The mail was filled with glee, also awaiting Luo Feng’s reply. However this mail was sent over 2,000 years ago…and Luo Feng hadn’t replied to any of his mails.

…

As for his family, they were all filled with worry.

“Xu Xin.” He looked at the blur of mails from her, shocked, these were all sent when he began his six thousandth year of life or death inheritance. There was almost one every day, sometimes two. Within a couple of hundred of years, there were over 30,000 mails from her.

He swiftly scanned through them.

“Feng, the family’s concealment plan is almost complete. I’m much more relaxed now and just awaiting your return. The Luo family will get even stronger now”

“Feng, I’m currently in North Birch star field. There is a beautiful planet, the scenery is really nice, only a little cold…”

“Feng, I encountered some trouble today, I didn’t expect that after trusting her for so long, she’d dare go against me like that. I guess you never know what’s going on in someone’s heart. Seems right, I haven’t seen that underling in a few hundred years…”

…

The many mails were just like a diary, recording her life, joy, troubles and so on, over the hundreds of years.

The words were filled with worries, the pain that came from deep within, even when she spoke of happy things, it made Luo Feng feel that there was still worry behind.

“Trouble.”

“The mails of back then sure were filled with trouble.” Luo Feng felt the bitterness within.

Back then when he accepted the life or death inheritance, when he detected danger, only then did he leave behind the mail for his family, set to be sent during the 6,000 years. When he finally succeeded, he didn’t expect…that the inheritance would have lasted over 6,000 years, it was absurd.

“They must be extremely worried from that mail.” Luo Feng was able to guess their reaction.

“The Primal chaos city leader and True Yan, I’ll visit them later.” He thought. “They wouldn’t care if I wait awhile.”

“I’ll visit my family first.”

Sou!

He immediately entered Black Dragon Mountain island’s Nine star bay.

Nine star bay, other than the three core residences which belonged to Luo Feng, Thunder god and Hong, every other living space was from the Luo family, and the renovation styles of the other buildings were all uniform.

Luo Feng’s ancient villa hadn’t changed over the past 10,000 years.

As It had a special meaning and position, normal family members couldn’t even enter it. The grass before the villa currently had Luo Ping sitting in a stone chair, and the table had bottles of wine, with tens of them already empty. He was sipping and drinking, non stop, his forehead filled with worry.

“Hm?” Luo Feng instantly appeared before the villa, his expression changed at the scene.

“Luo Ping, what’s the matter?”

He had never seen his big son use wine to forget his troubles. Of the two kids, Luo Ping was the calm one and he managed a lot of the family affairs. He was already considered one of the family leaders.

“I said, everyone get out, leave us now!” Luo Feng detected some people behind him and immediately roared as he waved his hand.

“Luo Ping.”

A voice resounded.

The voice was calm, almost like the vast ocean, even so, it was filled with vast energies. A strong warrior speaking to a weaker person gave a different feeling. Luo Feng’s powerful willpower and consciousness naturally affected others about.

Luo Ping was completely stunned as he turned gradually.

Behind him…

The silhouette that stood there was a very normal human body, even slightly shorter than himself. However, this silhouette was the pillar of the entire Luo family! The pillar of the entire earth!

“Dad!” Luo Ping stared wide eyed, dropping the wine bottles as they fell on the grass and rolled, wine leaking out.

“Dad, dad.” He rushed over excitedly, hugging Luo Feng.

“Haha…” Luo Feng laughed. “What’s the matter, why have you resorted to drinking.”

“The stress is too much.” He got up and wiped his tears. He felt the endless worries within instantly vanish. He had yet to undergo such stress before, however when Luo Feng returned, everything disappeared with the wind, they were no longer worries.

“Where’s your mother?” He asked, “Bring me to her.”

“She’s currently negotiating with the Gold Mist universe country’s Luo Si family.” Luo Ping said.

“Negotiating?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Hm.” Luo Ping said helplessly, “Dad, since you sent that mail to the family, we were all afraid.”

“I didn’t say I had died, only I was in some trouble.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but reply.

“We know you were alive. Seeing Di fan and the others alive naturally meant that you were alive. However, your mail said that you were in danger and that we may not be able to see you for a short period of time at best and longer period of time at worst. Short period could potentially mean 10,000 years, and long period could potentially mean millions of years. In all, the family began to get worried, and only grandpa and grandma, along with uncle, mum and little brother knew about it. For the family…we began to swiftly reorganize the management. Enforcing stricter management, cutting down on bad members that brought us enemies.”

Luo Feng’s family had been around for over 10,000 years. Hence the number of family members were shocking.

Many normal disciples and members, without any privileges, lived like normal people. Afterall with their current numbers…even over 10,000 life planets weren’t enough for them to live on. It was obvious how fast humans reproduced! Actually several super families in the universe, had enough people to take up an entire galaxy, or even hundreds of them, this was very normal.

“Our Luo Family grew too fast. When you were here to control it, it was still ok.”

“But because…”

“Hence, we controlled the rules and began to leave many back doors for the family. The business had grown huge and long left the Ganwu universe country. We didn’t expect that a few decades ago, the Gold Mist universe country’s Luo Si family, because of some elite disciple’s problem that grew bigger and bigger, refused to make way! That family…is a super family in the Gold Mist universe country, and their family leader is Jian Ta emperor. I also heard that his teacher is a knight!”

“After the matter got worst, I heard that he sent a mail to you to settle it personally.”

“However your virtual universe has been shut for so long.”

“Mum even said that there’s been rumors around Yu Xiang mountain that you’ve fallen.” Luo Ping said. “The underlings in your villa haven’t seen you in over 6,000 years. To a sector lord that barely lived past 10,000 years, vanishing for 6,000 years at a go was unbelievable.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Indeed…there were rumors that he had fallen.

“That Jian Ta emperor may have noticed this and hence never stopped his family. Maybe he wanted to make use of the opportunity to force our family to submit to him, seeing if you’ll show yourself.” Luo Ping said

“Hmph.”

Luo Feng nodded coldly, “Whether I’m alive or dead, just this news alone is priceless. Especially the other races in the universe…they’d want to find out the truth about the matter. That Jian Ta emperor is only a disciple of a knight, yet he dares go so far. Let’s go, bring me to your mum.”

…

Nine star bay, Luo family headquarters.

Xu Xin personally brought the team of envoys from the Luo family.

“Mrs Luo, our Luo Si family respects lord Luo Feng greatly. Hence we’ve been bearing all this while, however this doesn’t mean that we can be easily bullied. This is our final line…as long as you can compensate us this much, everything will be settled.” The negotiator from the Luo Si family was a gold armored giant with an elephant nose.

Xu Xin sat there.

Could she agree? Being bullied to that extent. If she bowed down, the rumors would get even crazier, and the other families would gradually all begin to suspect if Luo Feng had truly fallen. Once that begun, it would be even more troublesome.

“Mrs Luo, the negotiations have already gone on for seven days, and today is the last day. If there is no resolution, our Luo Si family will have to…”

Pa!

The doors swung open violently, everyone within was shocked. This was an important negotiation, who would dare barge in like that?

A silver armored silhouette walked straight in.

The formless pressure…just the pressure from his consciousness spread throughout…

Immediately made everyone in the Luo Si family go pale.

“Luo Si family? Jian Ta emperor?”

“Tell him!” The silver armored youth looked coldly at the leader of the family. “Anyone who dares bully my family, his guts must be huge. I really wonder…who gives him such guts. Has he been bribed by the other races? Tell him, without a proper answer, I don’t mind… in killing him and wiping out the entire Luo Si family!”

Everyone in the hall was shocked.

“The head of our Luo Si family…” The giant with the elephant nose was stuttering and about to speak.

“A low emperor. Hmph.” Luo Feng snorted coldly. “Remember, I want a proper answer. If it’s not good enough, you know what will happen.”

The Luo Si family side were all shocked into silence.

“Get out.” Luo Feng ordered.

They all bowed respectfully, leaving the room haggardly before vanishing. They didn’t dare vanish before Luo Feng, their pride had all been completely smashed.

…

Within the hall.

Everyone in the Luo Family had looks of glee, Xu Xin stood there, her body shaking excitedly as she looked at him.

“It’s been hard on you.” Luo Feng turned to his wife and gently held her hand.

The others all left obediently.

Only Luo Feng and her were left.

“You are back, that’s good.” She looked at him, tears welling up.

“Everything is good. I promise you that no one will bully our family, no one.” Luo Feng gently rubbed her face. Recalling the over 30,000 mails, he felt sorry within, he…owed too much to her.

“As long as you come back, that’s enough.” She said softly, “Give me a hug.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

They hugged for awhile as she lay in his chest. Although there was silence, she was feeling his warmth, his heartbeat, and his energy.

After awhile…


Chapter 889: Primal Chaos City Leader’s Questions

Even though they didn’t even say a word, hugging his wife in his arms, he could feel her warmth, their souls connected and they could feel each other’s thoughts.

Luo Feng could feel the way she missed and loved him.

Xu Xin could feel his guilt and pain.

Gradually, the two of them enjoyed the silence between them and each other’s warmth.

After awhile.

“Feng, don’t make us worry, understand?” She looked up at him, saying softly, “I know you are exploring the universe, and a lot of things are out of your control. The path of a warrior is extremely dangerous, but…try your best not to enter dangerous regions.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded, gently stroking her hair. “What do you think of Jian Ta emperor of the Luo Si family?”

“Luo Si family?” Xu Xin frowned. “After the matter got blown up, the Luo Si family was initially courteous to us. I heard that when he couldn’t contact you, that was when they began to lose that courtesy and even tried to step above us.”

“Since you became the disciple of the Primal chaos city leader, our family’s strength flourished. We began to do business with almost everybody, it was good enough that we didn’t bully anyone. Who would dare bully us?” She said.

Luo Feng nodded.

Doing business with the disciple of the city leader, all the undying families, official and emperors, many of them would be willing to lower their head rather than offend the Luo Family! This was simply the way of life, like how Luo Feng treated the city leader with utmost respect.

Back when he was weak and small, the first time he met Yan Zhu emperor, he felt weak and small against him.

The theory was the same.

At different levels of strength and position, the power one had was different.

“Even though Yu Xiang mountain has been filled with rumors of your death, Jian Ta emperor has been wondering if you really fell. When he couldn’t contact you, his demeanor changed. But this doesn’t justify him trying to bully our family.” Xu Xin said, “Which family would dare do that? Even the royal family of the Gan wu universe country would treat us as equals.”

“Your way of thinking makes sense.” Luo Feng nodded.

Jian Ta had secretly allowed his family to do so. Even though it was cautious enough, from the negotiations it was clear they wanted to step over the Luo family. This was a slap in the face. As long as Luo Feng hadn’t fallen, he needed to show himself!

“He’s forcing me to show myself.”

“It may very likely be so, to see if I’m still alive.” Luo Feng said. “Feng, your current position is different, there are many warriors from other races watching and waiting to kill you. This whole incident feels like there are some other races involved. You have to be careful.” She said.

“Without enough benefits, who’d dare do such a thing?” Luo Feng nodded. “Relax, within human territory, they aren’t worth worrying about.”

“Hm.” Xu Xin nodded, even though she was worried within.

“The Primal chaos city leader is looking for me, I rushed home as soon as I could. But, I have to go see him now. I’ll be back later.” He smiled. “Prepare for a reunion dinner later.”

“Hm.” She nodded happily.

…

Within the highest peaks of thunder island, a palace was engulfed in primal chaos energy, the city leader lived within.

Shua.

Luo Feng appeared at the entrance, stepping in and walking along the deep pathways, where he couldn’t even visible see the ends of the hallways. After awhile, he stopped.

“Teacher.” He said respectfully.

A gold robed silhouette walked out from the energies. That powerful energy made him hold his breath, however his perspectives were higher now. Having seen the sitting mountain guest, he could feel that this teacher of his was stronger than Pu Ti, but obviously weaker than the great being.

“You’ve returned.” The city leader’s gaze was vast like space. He smiled, “It’s good you are back alive. Looks like you’ve suffered quite a bit over the past 6,000 years.”

“I did go through quite a bit.” Luo Feng answered, remembering the days of the life or death inheritance, sighing within.

“Hm?”

The city leader’s eyes gleamed, carefully observing him. This made Luo Feng stunned, what was he looking for? This was the virtual universe, the bodies were all simulated. The most he could do was examine his consciousness and this could be easily felt. Afterall, how powerful was the city leader?

“Your consciousness has grown even stronger than before.” He said shocked, “And you’ve gotten recognition from the space laws.”

Luo Feng was stunned before he realized.

The recognition from the space laws was something he had gotten during the over 6,000 years of inheritance. When the mosha body could use teleportation, he connected with the universe laws and that was when he got recognized. All three bodies now had the mark on their forehead. When he connected to the virtual universe, the system scanned him and his forehead was naturally recorded.

“And it’s a high recognition, you should be able to teleport.” The city leader said shocked.

The law recognitions had different levels too.

Like the gold law, it could form a gold blade or even a gold mountain. Different imprints represented a different side of the recognition. And Luo Feng’s forehead had many dotted stars appearing and disappearing, this was the highest of the three recognitions, one that only appeared with teleportation.

“How’s your law comprehension?” The city leader asked.

“About the heavenly bridge’s 20th level.” Luo Feng replied respectfully.

In terms of strength, his law comprehension could indeed pass the 20th level. The main thing was that he relied on the Beast god presence. And his true strength, the Nan Shen seven forms and space laws, those were far from his Beast god presence.

“20th level?” The city glanced at him, “Your improvement is huge, and is even comparable to the top genius of humanity Ke Di and Shi Huo before.”

“It’s mostly due to luck.” Luo Feng said.

“Luck and encounters are a part of strength as well.” The city leader smiled. “You disappeared for over 6,000 years, there have been many rumors about you falling. Did it create any trouble for your family?”

“Some little trouble.” Luo Feng replied, “I can handle it.”

“The position in humanity is important, but strength is more important. Even though you are my disciple, if your improvement has been slow all this while and not representative of your status, others will look down on you.” The city leader said. “Over these 6,000 years, you haven’t shown your strength at all. When you find the time, go attempt the sector lord Sky mountain, if you succeed, your name and reputation will spread. Those little punks wouldn’t dare mess with you anymore. Anyone who does, we can only suspect…whether they are linked to other races and are traitors of humanity.”

Attempting sky mountain?

His teacher naturally referred to the primal region sky mountain, for which one required law comprehension of the 20th level to pass. In history, anyone able to pass this were all absolute pinnacle geniuses. Only after passing this sector lord primal region sky mountain would one truly be on the same level as Ke Di and Shi Huo knight and the others.

“Yes.” Luo Feng replied.

“Knowing when to hold back is important, and so is knowing when to display your strength.” The city leader said. “Like your Blade River emperor identity, you have to keep it separate from your Luo Feng identity. You even made an emperor limit your slave, if the other races know about this…they will spend huge amounts to kill you.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

The news of Blade River having Heavy Arrow as his slave had long spread far and wide. Hence, the Primal chaos city leader naturally knew about it as well.

“I’ve already specially created a Blade River identity, from his youth to emperor level, with detailed information, without a loophole.” The city leader said. “And when you pass the sector lord sky mountain, I will arrange for the Hong alliance to welcome you in. Then, you’ll join as Luo Feng too. You’ll have two slots.”

“Thank you teacher.” Luo Feng said gratefully.

“If you don’t mind me asking, how can you use the Yan Shen armor, and how can you kill those emperors so easily?” The city leader looked at him, he had asked very gently. These beings had lived a long time, and they were clear that the geniuses tend to hide their special inheritance and treasures and not reveal them.

Everybody was selfish.

And because of that, they were able to strengthen themselves, working hard to protect their loved ones, and their race. These beings were clear that they couldn’t force such questions, or the geniuses would turn their backs on them. The more of a genius one was, the more they were proud.

“I was naturally able to use the armor.” Luo Feng replied.

“Naturally?” The city leader instantly understood, Yan Shen race, Earth race…

“As to killing the emperors. I relied on the armor, Sha Wu wings and the Fei Mo poison.” He replied respectfully.

“When I first stepped into the outer region wars, I used the soldier armor. Later on, as my strength grew, I began to barely use the general armor.” He said respectfully. Actually the city leader could see clearly through the army system that he began with a black armor and later switched to a silver armor.

That was after he had acquired the second black metal board on Yan Ji continent.

“As for being able to trigger the strength of the general armor, it’s because…on Yan Ji continent, I successfully absorbed ten blood river crystals and became a black warrior.” Luo Feng said respectfully. Secrets and trump cards were meant to be hidden, but there were some that he could reveal, he wouldn’t be able to hide it for too long anyway.

“Black warrior?”

The city leader’s eyes gleamed with some shock, after which he turned happily to Luo Feng. The black warrior was a legend even on Blood river continent, much less within humanity. Luo Feng didn’t fully comprehend the importance of being a black warrior, however, just who was he speaking to? The city leader was very clear what the black warrior represented…

“Good, good good.” He said three words, his attitude towards Luo Feng had risen obviously.

The stronger he got, the more the city leader naturally favored him.

Everything he did and acted was from the perspective of the entire race. The city leader was as such.


Chapter 890: Celebration

Luo Feng was shocked. After so many meetings with the Primal chaos city leader, he was very clear on how strict and serious he was. His usual performance was already exceptional by his own standards, yet the teacher treated them all as though they were average, very rarely ever complimenting him.

Even when his moon policy was complimented, it wasn’t like this, saying ‘good’ three times.

For the city leader to say good three times, that was completely unexpected.

“I only said I became a black warrior.” Luo Feng thought. “A black warrior can instantly raise his genetics ten times, making my foundation stronger than others by ten times. It is special, but not enough for teacher, such a being to say so much! And teacher…is thinking about everything for the race, does being a black warrior mean more than this?”

“Luo Feng.” The city leader smiled.

“Teacher.” He replied respectfully

“Don’t spread the news about becoming a black warrior yet, haha. It’s been a very long time since our humanity has had a black warrior.” He complimented. “Your talent in the Beast god path is very high, and you are a black warrior…it’s an absolute perfect combination! Hm, since your law comprehension is so high now, you should be able to breakthrough to undying anytime, when are you preparing to do so?”

“I want to go explore a secret region before breaking through.” Luo Feng replied respectfully.

The plan he had involved getting the third metal board first.

As for breaking through…

His Beast god presence had reached the heavenly bridge’s 20th level. At such a high level, as long as he wanted to break through, he could with the gold laws. Then he instantly completely comprehend the gold laws. Using that, he could breakthrough, even though the golden horned beast usually found it very hard to breakthrough, with comprehension at the 20th level, no matter how hard breaking through the foundation of the main core was, it was still possible.

The only thing was, did he dare?

No.

Because hadn’t found his third clone! The moment he broke through, his internal world would become a god country, and then it would be impossible to produce a third clone.

“Secret regions?” The city leader frowned, Ke Di had fallen in a secret region…

The outer region wars were dangerous, but it was still controlled.

The dangers in the secret regions however weren’t. Countless regions were dangerous enough for even knights to fall. Like how Xi Luo Duo had vanished within one, leaving the entire golden horned race to fall after, having no choice but to rely on humanity.

“Your law comprehension is very high, if you can breakthrough, just breakthrough.” The city leader said. “After you become undying, you’ll be much stronger and your survival ability will much higher too. It wouldn’t be too late to explore the regions then.”

“I have to look for my third clone.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“Ah.”

The city leader looked at him. He had long known about his possession of the golden horned beast and that it had 3 slots for clones, all the higher position warriors knew this.

“Treasure trove, Hong alliance, they all have special life forms and remains.” The city leader said.

“I need a sector lord level remain, and those places do indeed have special remains. However most of them are undying level.” Luo Feng said. “As for sector lord level, they are very few. Afterall, most special life forms are naturally born highly intelligent and they know there are many out to possess them. Hence while they are weak, very few actually leave the secret regions, and it’s easy for them to become undying. Hence, there are very few sector lord levels…the preserved corpses especially, are extremely rare.”

The higher the bloodline, the harder it is for them to become undying!

However special life forms were different.

Special life forms, the higher their bloodline, the more heavenly they were. But, they had no right to be considered a race. They were few in numbers, some so few that there’s only one in the entire universe. The more plentiful ones with maybe ten to a few hundred.

Even in the thousands, that was still very few.

Like the golden horned beast, though few in name, in the vast universe, there are still quite a few. Through the many generations of passing down for countless years…the number of undying golden horned beast had grown rather significantly. As long as they passed down their inheritance, with enough time, more would be produced eventually.

…

Special life forms were rare.

They however broke through to undying easily, with few of them being born as undying, like the beast god, born immediately with universe master strength. As they are simply too few, with no reproductive abilities, the laws of the universe gave them special advantages.

They, were special from birth!

“Hm.” The city leader nodded. “Sector lord special life form, almost all of them hide in the secret regions. Wanting to capture them is incredibly hard. And your production of a clone only requires a feather or scale, it’s worth trying.”

“I wish to do so too. While I may not be able to capture them, I should still be able to get a feather or scale etc.” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“Remember, act according to your strength.” The city leader ordered.

“Yes.” Luo Feng replied.

“Go on.” The city leader turned and walked into the vast energies.

Luo Feng bowed respectfully and left.

Thunder island, True Yan’s palace.

Luo Feng was carrying two valuable cases of wine and heading in.

“Teacher, teacher.” Luo Feng shouted loudly.

“Why don’t you come in.” True Yan laughed.

Luo Feng stepped in and met many of his disciples in name. These disciples in name all naturally called Luo Feng Senior, regardless of age or when they actually took on the title.

The palace was huge. After walking a while, Luo Feng reached a waterfront pavilion.

Within.

True Yan sat there looking at the vast ocean waves, gazing further onto the lightning surrounding thunder island.

He sniffed, his gaze turning to the two cases Luo Feng carried. “Spirit downfall and nine peaks wine?”

“When you sent me off back then, you asked me to bring some wine back.” Luo Feng smiled. “I’m just about to leave the outer region wars. Even though I haven’t found the time to get back to primal chaos city, I’ll give you some in the virtual universe first, since the wine here…is much cheaper than reality.”

“I got a good disciple indeed. These two cases should be worth over three million mixed elements.” True Yan received them and took out each bottle. In reality they’ll be worth over 3 hundred million! “Even I, I’ve only drank Spirit downfall once, even though I can afford it, it’s still quite a pinch.”

Luo Feng laughed.

He could bear to do so only because of his teacher. If it was for himself, he couldn’t bear to either.

Even spending over three million mixed elements in the virtual universe, that was enough to buy several starfields.

“Come, cheers.”

The wine was poured and the two of them chatted while they drank.

“Teacher, I got a true treasure in the outer region wars.” Luo Feng said.

“True treasure?” True Yan was shocked.

“This true treasure is an ancient clock…” Luo Feng began to explain in detail about its ability and its requirements etc, “Teacher, I already have a treasure that the Primal chaos city leader gave me. Hence, I don’t need this one, I wonder if you need it.”

“Haha, you sure think of your teacher.” True Yan laughed. He was very happy, however from how he saw it, Luo Feng had suffered plenty within the outer region wars. That ancient clock was a reward of his, and such a treasure…it was priceless. Just one sealed star alone resulted in such a bloodbath, it was easy to know how valuable this was. With his character, how could he accept such a treasure for his disciple so easily?

“Relax.”

“Your teacher is renowned.” True Yan sipped his wine and said. “To be able to make such a name, who wouldn’t have true treasures? Without them to protect me, how could I be an invincible emperor?”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Ah, Life Fall emperor, Seven Blade, Da Long…these all had plenty of treasures on themselves. His teacher True Yan had lived for trillions of years, he was even stronger than them, akin to a knight! How could he not have any true treasures himself?

“This ancient clock doesn’t fit my path too, it’s useless to me.” He shook his head, “Keep it for now.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng nodded.

Even though he rejected the gift, his smile widened even more than before. His disciple was willing to give him a true treasure, unless he truly respected his teacher, how could he do that? Afterall, Luo Feng’s other teacher was the Primal chaos city leader. He had no need to stay on good terms with him anymore, it showed that Luo Feng was genuine in his respect.

“Have you returned home?” True Yan asked.

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“How’s the family?” True Yan laughed. Xu Xin had come looking for him before and he immediately went looking for the city leader.

“They were worried.” Luo Feng sighed. “However, it’s ok now. When I went back, I actually found out that Jian Ta emperor of the Luo Si family was creating trouble for my family.”

“Jian Ta emperor, who’s that?” True Yan frowned.

“He just became an emperor not long ago.” Luo Feng replied.

“Ah, I remember, his luck is not bad, he went under Gold Mist knight.” True Yan shook his head. “Gold Mist knight is an average knight amongst many others. He has quite a few disciples, even Jian Ta managed to get in.”

“He actually dares to pick a fight with your family?” True Yan was shocked. “Who’s supporting him, he sure has some guts. Even his teacher Gold Mist…would treat you courteously, he wouldn’t offend you. You are after all the disciple of the Primal chaos city leader. Even if the city leader didn’t appear for you, just your group of seniors, anyone of them would be able to completely scare the shit out of Gold Mist.”

“Right, I was puzzled too.” Luo Feng shook his head.

The disciples of the city leader were mostly knights, Gui Yi knight, Gold Axe etc…

“It’s definitely because you vanished, with the rumors of you dying and all.” True Yan’s eyes gleamed with ferocity. “You have to check! And punish them heavily. During such times, you must set an example for others!”


Chapter 891: Jian Ta Emperor Pleads Guilty

“With the rumors of my death, they began to test the waters.” Luo Feng sighed. “This is the character of man.”

“Your family relies on you to support them. The moment you fall, your family’s strength will naturally suffer.” True Yan sipped his wine. Shaking his head, he said “My Ka Hun Si race relies on me too. Even with me alive, because I don’t normally interfere with the ape man affairs, my race would still be bullied. If you don’t teach them a good lesson, they will always find ways to step over you.”

Luo Feng nodded, “The city leader told me before as well, asking me to pass the sector lord primal region sky mountain to show off my strength and scare everybody.”

“What the city leader said makes sense.” True Yan nodded, after which he added shocked, “You can pass the primal region sky mountain?”

“Should be.” Luo Feng nodded.

“That requires law comprehension of level 20.” True Yan said.

Luo Feng smiled.

“Haha, good little punk.” True Yan couldn’t help but say, “You’ve only trained for such a short time and yet you’ve already caught up with your third senior.”

“Well, I am a genius.” Luo Feng said shamelessly.

“Haha, when you get to primal chaos city, you have to buy me some good wine.” True Yan said.

“But of course.” Luo Feng said carefree.

“Passing the sky mountain gives 100 billion points. The little bit you will spend on wine would mean nothing to you.” True Yan laughed loudly.

Even though they were simply jesting and joking.

Deep within, Luo Feng was still pondering over the matter with Jian Ta, thinking about how to deal with him. As for passing the sky mountain, he wasn’t in a rush to do it yet. When he had fully settled things in the outer region and returned, it wouldn’t be too late to attempt it then.

As for Jian Ta emperor…

He had to settle it immediately!

Even though Jian Ta’s actions were considered controlled, without any killings, this was a start, a start to bullying the Luo family! The moment such a thing began, it was best to get rid of it immediately, letting the other families know…the heavy consequences of messing with the Luo family!

…

Luo Feng chatted and drank with his teacher. With their strength and position close to each other, they naturally got closer. However, he didn’t dare to do so with the Primal chaos city leader or the sitting mountain guest. He had no way to be that friendly with them. And the city leader or the great being couldn’t possibly be that way with him either.

“Luo Feng, there’s mail.” Babata alerted him on his shoulder, “It’s Jian Ta.”

“The mail has come.” Luo Feng’s gaze focused.

His son Luo Ping and wife Xu Sin had said before that Jian Ta had tried to contact him before but he never once got a mail from Jian Ta.

He gently tapped the screen and the mail appeared.

True Yan sitting opposite lifted his wine glass and asked, “What did Jian Ta say?”

“He said.” Luo Feng smiled, “He will personally come to my residence in Nine star bay to plead for his crimes.”

“He’s actually willing to do such a thing.” True Yan mocked. “Looks like he’s clear that this concerns his life.” In the outer region wars, it was forbidden to kill allies of the same camp. However, within humanity outside the wars, there was no such army system regulation. It was normal for warriors to kill each other from grudges and fights, and the upper echelons hardly ever bothered.

Their management attitude was very simple.

It was fine with little killings within, however if another race had invaded to kill humans within, they would completely react. As for humans heading to the outer region wars to battle other races, they had to be completely united!

“Attitude alone is not enough.” Luo Feng lifted his wine glass. “Teacher, I’ll finish this wine with you before heading back, it wouldn’t be too late then.”

“Hm, let him suffer a little.” True Yan lifted his wine glass too.

Pa.

They knocked glasses and continued chatting. After a while, only when the wine was finished, did he leave.

Virtual universe, Black Dragon Mountain, Nine star bay.

“The family leader is currently not here, you can return another time Jian Ta emperor. Or you can wait here.”

“No rush, I’ll wait here.”

“Then I’ll be leaving.”

Within a pavilion specially used for guests, over 8m tall, a gold armored giant with an elephant nose sat there.

Luo Feng’s guest areas was separated by levels too.

This one was for normal guest to rest, letting an emperor rest here was considered an insult.

“Looks like Luo Feng is pretty angry with me.” Jian Ta sniffed the air, as his eyes were filled with worry. “Without his order, how could the Luo Family dare treat an undying like that? What’s more, I’m an emperor! With no staff to wait on me, and only a slave to guide me over, and this is a very normal place. Even the tea is cold.”

“Wait.”

“I have to wait for Luo Feng to appear.” He lifted his cold tea and slowly sipped, seemingly unaffected by the environment and treatment.

…

The upper echelon of the Luo Family had gathered within the mansion.

“Jian Ta is here? He’s been put in the tea pavilion?” Gong Xin La couldn’t help but worry. “That is afterall an emperor, we cannot treat him so badly.”

“Mum.”

Xu Xin smiled, “No problem, this is what Luo Feng personally instructed us to do.”

“Ah, I don’t quite understand.” Gong Xin lan nodded, sighing. “I just feel that an emperor is a huge being, our Ganwu universe country leader doesn’t even have an emperor under him.”

“He isn’t even complaining about being placed there.” Luo Ping laughed.

“Because…”

A voice resounded as someone walked in, it was Luo Feng, “He doesn’t wish to die!”

“Dad.” Luo Ping and Luo Hai stood up.

“You are back.” Xu Xin walked over as well.

“Brother.” Luo Hua shouted happily.

Luo Feng nodded, looking at his parents, “Dad, mum.”

“It’s good you are back.” The two of them nodded.

“I’m going to deal with Jian Ta, we’ll have a reunion dinner later.” Luo Feng said. After leaving for so long, he respected the chinese mid autumn festival even more than before. Because, whenever he trained, it would go for at least a few decades. Hence every time he returned, it was a good time for a reunion.

“Go on.”

“Go on.”

They all said, after all, against an emperor, just their formless pressure alone could make normal people below undying level submit. Unless they had heavenly willpower and consciousness strength. As for Luo Feng, his willpower alone exceeded that of many knights, and he was the leader of the earth race, having survived the life or death inheritance.

…

The cold tea with bad scenery, without any staff.

Jian Ta sat there slowly waiting.

A silhouette walked over from afar. This made Jian Ta look over, he immediately smiled and stood up, standing at the entrance to welcome Luo Feng in. Only when Luo Feng got close did he bow, “Your majesty Luo Feng, this whole incident has been a blemish on the Luo Si family side, I’m here to apologize humbly.”

“Apologize?” Luo Feng glanced at him, meeting a warrior of such caliber in the outer region wars, Luo Feng could easily settle him in one blow.

Back then he was already capable of acquiring an emperor limit as a slave. With his strength which was even more powerful now, and his perspectives higher than before, even Seven Blade or Da Long, those absolute warriors that had names spread through the trillions of races. Luo Feng didn’t even fear them, as for this little Jian Ta? What was he?

Jian Ta said, “Your majesty Luo Feng, I personally came to seek forgiveness, but let me state one thing.”

“Speak.” Luo Feng had sat on the stone chair.

“I believe that you are clear too that I founded the family a long time ago and have been immersed in my training, hence I don’t manage a lot of the family matters.” He said. “Any family usually has its own managers. And the true founder usually sticks to his training and hardly meddles in the affairs.”

“Right now, my seventh generation grandson is the one that manages the family. He is quite strong and has some management ability, he’s a normal undying.” Jian Ta said, “Back then, when my family had some issues with yours, when it got blown up…the negotiating team and everything were all arranged by him.”

“He hid everything from me.”

Jian Ta shook his head and sighed. “When you appeared and spoke out, you immediately scared the entire family. Only then did one of my descendants actually send a mail to me and ask me on how to settle this. I only found out then…that they actually dared offend your majesty’s family! I was immediately shocked. That scum actually offended your family, is he trying to destroy the entire Luo Si family?”

“I teleported via god country over immediately. When I saw him, he just looked at me, smiling peculiarly before self destructing.” He said.

Luo Feng sat quietly and listened.

“Are you done?” Luo Feng looked at him.

“Your majesty, I wasn’t strict with my management of my family and this resulted. However…this matter, I just became an emperor, I wouldn’t have the guts to come offend your majesty.” Jian Ta said. “You are maligned?” Luo Feng looked at him.

“I am guilty, but this wasn’t instructed by me.” He said. “I know too that there are many other races searching for you, and as a small little emperor, I wouldn’t dare act like that. Even if those other races had planted spies within my family, they probably wouldn’t dare use them. However, controlling a normal undying in my family and using him to check up on your family, this has little cost to them.”

“But no matter what, I am still guilty.”

“I am here to plead for forgiveness.” He flipped his hand and respectfully placed a list of items on the stone table.

Luo Feng glanced at it.

It was a list on all sorts items to amend the dispute, it was considered generous enough.

“Hmph.”

Luo Feng however snorted coldly at him, “Are you done?”

He was shocked, saying, “Please speak your majesty.”

“I don’t care what happens within your Luo Si family, this has nothing to do with me.” Luo Feng gazed coldly at him. “I only know that your Luo Si family has offended my family, don’t blame me and say I didn’t give you a way to live. The universe always gives a chance of survival, I’m giving you a chance too, agree to it…and you’ll survive!”

Luo Feng tossed something out coldly.

He had also prepared a list earlier, Jian Ta was pale as he heard those words from Luo Feng. As he gazed through the list…he stared wide eyed.


Chapter 892: Luo Feng’s Kindness

“Have you seen it clearly?” Luo Feng looked at him.

Jian Ta was huge, standing beside Luo Feng, Luo Feng looked like a little child. However this absolute warrior of the Gold mist universe country was in a flurry. He had read through the list clearly and he was stunned. He had no sense of resistance, only remorse.

“I’ve seen it your majesty Luo Feng, your…I, I…” Jian Ta was stuttering.

The list had three simple requests.

The first one was that all of the Luo Si family’s business and assets, 99% of it would be transferred to the Luo family, leaving only 1% for themselves. This was to be arranged within half a day for the transaction.

The second on was that the members involved in the scuffle between the families were to be sent to the Luo family to be dealt with.

The third request is that cash of one billion mixed elements as compensation.

“Even if you lose your family’s 99% of assets, at least you still have 1% to survive.” Luo Feng looked at him. “And I only want the members involved. Without these scum, it’s actually beneficial to your family. As for the one billion mixed elements…a low emperor like you should be able to afford it.”

“My three requirements all have some leeway. Since I haven’t forced you too much, it’s already considered me showing you kindness.” Luo Feng said.

Jian Ta was about to cry.

Kindness?

My god!

99% of his family’s assets, the huge amount of assets accumulated over the countless years were to be instantly transferred over, leaving a pitiful amount.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, I am only a low emperor. Many pinnacle officials’ entire wealth doesn’t even add up to one hundred million mixed elements. I’m only slightly stronger, and even if I sell all my treasures, it’ll be hard to cough up so much.” Jian Ta looked urgently at Luo Feng, begging, “Whatever you’ve requested, I will naturally do my best, but I simply cannot…”

Luo Feng looked coldly at him.

Jian Ta went completely silent from the look.

“Remember.” Luo Feng said coldly, “These three requirements, you have to do all of them before this matter will be considered resolved! If you don’t…you know the consequences.”

Jian Ta was dripping with cold sweat.

“Understood.” He nodded.

“Go on, I’ll give you seven days to accumulate the one billion. As for the transfer of assets, you have half a day.” Luo Feng waved his hand.

“Yes.” Even though he lamented within, he had no choice but to leave obediently.

Luo Feng watched his bleak silhouette leave, within he laughed coldly. After being in the outer region wars for so long, he was very clear on a low emperor’s wealth. Even though there were some low emperors that probably couldn’t cough up so much, Jian Ta was the disciple of a knight!

To become a disciple of a knight, how could the knight not leave any treasures for him? Coughing up one billion shouldn’t be too hard.

…

Virtual universe, Gold mist continent, within the Luo Si family’s luxurious villa.

There was silence within.

Jian Ta sat alone in his throne, and his expression was dark. Within he burned with rage, and was incredibly regretful. “Back then I shouldn’t have been greedy, ordering my underlings to act that way. I only got one hundred million mixed elements in benefits, and now I have to pay so much for it. This Luo Feng sure is vicious.”

“This gamble was a failure.” He cursed within.

When Luo Feng vanished, there were already rumors of him falling. They only spread a little initially, later on when there was movement within the Luo family, only then did people truly begin to suspect that he had fallen.

To check on this…

One could invade the Luo Family, by placing spies and using all sorts of methods.

There was one that used one hundred million mixed elements to get the Luo Si family to check on the Luo family. Afterall, Jian Ta controlled the entire family, having conflict with the Luo family…how could this entire thing be controlled by his seventh generation descendant. Jian Ta was behind it all along.

And he didn’t dare offend Luo Feng, he simply had to let an errand boy do the deed, by checking on the Luo family and easily getting one hundred million, why not?

If Luo Feng had truly fallen…this would have been easy money.

If he hadn’t fallen…Luo Feng wouldn’t have come killed him over this. What’s more, he hadn’t shown himself all this while. Hence, he used his seventh generation descendant as a front, ordering from the shadows.

“Family leader.”

“Family leader.”

Over hundred upper echelon of the Luo Si family knelt down respectfully within the hall, their voice resounding within.

Jian Ta’s expression was ugly as he looked at them, thinking, “That Luo Feng sure is vicious. He’s clear that if he forced me into a corner I would flee to my teacher’s side! Afterall, even though it may seem like a small problem from the surface, he has no power to force my teacher to hand me over, he wouldn’t dare offend a knight easily.”

“Right now, he’s only pushing me to my limit, not killing me, but pushing.”

“99% of my family assets will be possessed, seemingly kind enough to leave 1%. I’d rather he take all of the assets than have to fork out the one billion.” He cursed. The largest assets of a family was the huge amount of wealth and the strongest warrior. Just like Luo Feng having a huge amount of wealth, bigger than the entire Luo family.

The hall was silent.

The upper echelon of the family all knelt there, Jian Ta simply gazed coldly, his killing intent rising.

“Swiftly organize a team to head to Black Dragon Mountain island’s Nine star bay, go to the Luo family and transfer 99% of the Luo Si family assets to their family.” He said solemnly, yet it was like a heavy hammer hitting all their chests, they were all stunned.

“What?”

“99%?”

“Why doesn’t he just steal it?”

“He is going overboard.” They were all worried.

Jian Ta roared fiercely, “Shut up!”

They all went silent again.

“When the feud began, why didn’t any of you stop it? And no one told me a thing?” He roared at all of them below. They all muttered within that no one would dare stop it back then, and there were two among them that had contacted Jian Ta before, but he had shut off his virtual universe network connection.

They couldn’t reach him!

“Hurry and form the team.” He roared.

“Yes.”

…

The feud between the families was actually being observed secretly by someone, when Jian Ta gave out the orders to his upper echelon and roared. The news of this had spread within half an hour.

“The Luo Si family has submitted, look, Luo Feng is returning.”

“99% of the family assets? That’s probably just one of the requirements. Luo Feng sure is vicious, the entire Luo Si family probably has to migrate! This is a slap to the face, Jian Ta has no more pride left.”

…

“Hahaha, this Luo Feng sure is soft and kind, he didn’t even kill anybody. If it were me, I’d have killed Jian Ta immediately.”

“Brother, Jian Ta may be hiding with Gold mist knight, killing him won’t be easy.”

…

“Elder, the Luo Si family is one of the strongest families in the entire universe country, and yet they are just going to disappear like that? They control so many many star fields and countless planets, is it just over?”

“Right, it’s over.”

“Then, then…”

“Child, remember! The most important thing of a family is its absolute warriors, like those middle level civilizations, they normally only have one normal undying. If the undying falls, the country would naturally fall. And the super families, even Jian Ta has to bow to them, they naturally have to sacrifice much to survive.”

“Elder, looks like business and everything else is secondary, strength is the most absolute.”

“Right, whether it’s humanity or the countless other races, it’s simple, the strong eat the weak! Our humanity is powerful and has countless resources and treasures. Even if the weaker races acquire some treasures, they would be snatched away. Hence, child, you have to work hard! A family with two absolute warriors…would have higher chances of surviving.”

“Yes elder.”

The huge number of starfields, countless planets, countless companies and assets were all transferred to the Luo family. This news was immediately known by many super families about. As time flowed, it created a huge wave, as the empires, families and organizations all began to know about it too.

They all felt that Luo Feng’s tyranny and that his family wasn’t one to be messed with.

“Dad, I respect you.”

“Dad.”

“Uncle.”

“Uncle.”

In Nine star bay, Luo Feng’s family all gathered, including his brother Luo Hua and his wife and kids. Luo Hua only had one wife currently, yet he had nine kids. Afterall he didn’t explore the universe like his brother…he naturally stayed in the family longer and had more children.

The large table was bustling.

“Haha…” Luo Feng stood up, laughing as he chatted and sipped wine.

“Ah Hua, I haven’t seen you for so many years, you’ve gotten a few more kids.” Luo Feng laughed at the group of youths.

“You disappeared for 6,000 years!” Luo Hua laughed as well.

Xu Xin glanced at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was stunned.

Damn.

It was his fault now for not paying enough attention to his wife. However he was now a sector lord. The stronger he got, the harder it got to have children. And Xu Xin’s physique had changed, she would probably never bear children again.

The family ate happily and soon enough, the kids all left.

Luo Feng and Xu Xin chatted quietly.

“Xu Xin, the family requires a strong warrior to defend the family too. I’m preparing some undying plants.” He said, Xu Xin stared at him. “Who knows how long we have to wait for you. Didn’t you leave fifty billion mixed elements for the family before? The family has already discussed and decided on taking out a portion to nurture the current sector lord level nine cloud contact vines and star eating plant, making three of them to undying. Then we’ll have official level strength.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

“Alright.” He laughed and nodded, “With regards to the family’s safety, when I return from the outer region wars, I’ll arrange again. I’ve stayed here long enough, I’ll devote my time to settling the outer region war affairs.”

“Go on, your work is important.” Xu Xin said.

Luo Feng smiled.

He had spent a total of three days with his family this time, mainly to make up for the lost time. As to settling Tian Chen emperor? 6,000 years had passed. Hence, three days was nothing.

“Alright, I’ll return when I’m done.” He kissed his wife and smiled, vanishing as his consciousness left the virtual universe.


Chapter 893: Hunt

Outer region wars, within the ancient Star tower.

Within a palace.

Luo Feng had given an order via the virtual universe to Heavy arrow, “Heavy arrow, sense my location and teleport via god country over.”

In a few seconds.

A blurry light filled the palace and the space rippled. A silhouette appeared, it was the masked tall and skinny Heavy arrow. He immediately bowed at the sight of Luo feng, “Greetings Master.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

Simultaneously, he felt the thoughts of the star tower…should we kill this intruder? This was considered the core of the tower, and it forbade any intruders. The moment one entered, it could engage its own defenses to kill the intruder. As for the forbidden spaces, it was free for countless warriors to enter.

“No.” Luo Feng communicated back. The star tower was one of the strongest treasures in the universe, a weapon however was after all just a weapon. It’s intellect was low. It’s calculation speed may match up to an AI, but its emotional intelligence was that of a two or three year old child.

“Back then, Tian Chen’s matter, did he reveal himself?” Luo Feng asked.

“Master, he didn’t.” Heavy Arrow said respectfully. “If you didn’t warn me, I wouldn’t even have discovered that he was so scheming. Only when I observed him carefully did I discover that something was amiss with Qu Wu emperor’s death. And after his death, I fled immediately. The demon camp actually pushed towards me, leaving my side with only Tian Chen…in theory, he was supposed to die, yet he managed to survive.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

This was also within his expectations. Judging from his own interaction with Tian Chen, this person was careful. Even when he had plans to kill Luo Feng, he didn’t act until the final moment. If not for Luo Feng’s strong willpower against illusions, Tian Chen may have succeeded.

“Star tower.” Luo Feng ordered, “Search for a human undying.”

…

The many sealed stars revolved within the palace. Luo Feng sat crossed legged and communicated with the tower, Heavy Arrow stood beside him respectfully.

“There are a total of 359 human undyings in the tower.”

The information poured into his mind, images appearing as the many human warriors’ battles, training and chats with allies appeared…these were all humans. Even though there were hundreds of thousands of undyings, there were few real humans within.

He quickly scanned through all of them.

“No Tian Chen?” He frowned. “Star tower, scan carefully if there’s this person on my arm screen?” An image of Tian Chen appeared on his arm.

“There’s no such person, he left 1,800 years ago.” Star tower communicated.

“He’s already left?” Luo Feng stared wide eyed and stood up suddenly.

“Master?” Heavy Arrow took a step forward and asked, “Are we going to deal with Tian Chen?”

“He’s not in the tower now.” Luo Feng shook his head. This was now his battlefield, and he had a huge advantage. However, as the life or death inheritance had taken over 6,000 years, many of the warriors normally only explored the outer region wars for up to 10,000 years. It was normal that Tian Chen had left.

“Who knows if he’s still in the outer region wars.”

“Has he returned to humanity?”

Luo Feng shook his head, his eyes gleaming. “Very good, if you’ve left, that would be even better! I’ll still kill you!”

“Master, what’s our next move?” Heavy arrow asked.

“Don’t get anxious.” He smiled. “He is afterall a member of the Hong alliance. I know many friends that are his too! Even though I cannot contact him directly, through his friends…it’ll be easy to find him. Then I’ll be able to make my move. However, before that…I still have something to do.”

Heavy Arrow was curious.

Luo Feng turned to look outside, the vast sealed stars were revolving, “I need to get more soul slaves!”

He was the master of the tower, even though he couldn’t trigger the entire tower, he still had a huge advantage. Using the tower, he could clearly know the hundreds of thousands of undyings locations and which forbidden spaces they were in. He was even able to send himself there.

“As long as I want to, I can pick any battle to join.”

“And no exits will ever appear unless I will it too. Be it a day, ten days or a month.”

“As such…”

“How can anything go wrong?”

His eyes gleamed with ambition, having allies and slaves was extremely important in the universe! And to get a large number of slaves was a hard thing to do, one had to meet someone he could deal with and make him unable to flee, and soul control was something a soul master was best at, and these masters were extremely rare.

Other than that, there was only one more stupid way to go about it!

Force them into a coma and control them after!

However, this method had its own weakness, forcing the enemy into a coma? The enemy might sense the danger and self destruct. Also, if he went slightly overboard, he could very likely kill the enemy instead. Secondly, even if he succeeded, controlling a comatose undying would require him to wait a long time for the undying to awaken and recover. Using treasures could help speed things up, but the costs were high.

In all, controlling a powerful undying slave required one to have strength close to or stronger, and it was still an extremely hard thing to do.

Normally, only the masters of soul attacks had higher proficiency.

“In the universe, who could so easily meet so many warriors? And who had such power to easily pick whoever they wanted?”

“I have full control.”

“It just depends on whether I have the ability to control them.” Luo Feng communicated with the star tower and began to search for some absolute warriors. The targets were naturally emperor limits. With his current strength, dealing with Life Fall emperor or Seven blade would still be extremely hard.

As for pinnacle emperors?

Luo Feng didn’t care about them, unless it was a pinnacle emperor soul master.

Hence he set his targets as emperor limits and emperor pinnacle soul masters.

“Him!” Luo Feng smiled, “Demon camp, Ci Ya race…Black Crow emperor, emperor pinnacle soul master will be my first target.”

…

There were countless forbidden spaces within the star tower.

Within a particular one, wild winds howled as snow fell. Amidst the snow, three blurry silhouettes sat crossed legged within.

“My luck sure is bad, that high emperor human earlier was about to be killed, yet at the last moment he managed to flee from Black Crow’s control.” A turtle like creature howled, its blood red eyes filled with ferocity.

“Damn.” Another similar life form howled.

The two of them were from the far reaches of the universe, and they had temporarily joined the demon camp’s Qiu Jia race. They were a tone life form, these two emperor pinnacles had a similarity with that race…their defenses were very strong.

Very few of them joined the outer region wars, and the number of emperors were even Fewef. Within star tower, there were only three emperors, and they became known as the Qiu Jia Ci Ya brothers.

“We must have patience.”

A hoarse voice resounded, it was a black furred bird like creature with jade green eyes, he was Black Crow emperor, the leader of this team. “There are hundreds of thousands of undyings here, we will have a chance. With patience, our hunt will succeed.”

The two Qiu Jia Ci Ya warriors howled in agreement.

“Hm?”

Black Crow suddenly turned to the distance, the two crossed legged creatures beside turned too, a space slit had appeared.

“I was right, with patience, look, a prey has come.” Black Crow said hoarsely.

Gu…

Gu… The two Ci Ya warriors howled with excitement, their eyes gleaming as they looked on. Even though they were filled with killing intent, without seeing their target, they didn’t dare make a move. It might be another demon camp warrior or someone stronger than them.

A silhouette appeared amidst the snow.

Black Crow and the brothers looked over carefully, the silhouette seemed human, with silver wings and armor, he floated in mid air.

“It’s a human.” The brothers howled.

“Blade River emperor!” Black Crow’s expression changed, as Blade River’s name was well known. Even though it made them go on alert, but it was not enough to scare them off.

“Haha…I actually bumped into Black Crow.” The youth stood in mid air and laughed, shaking the space about.

“Blade River!” Black Crow’s laughter resounded, “Where’s your slave Heavy Arrow? Call him out.”

Hua!

A silhouette appeared beside, it was the masked Heavy Arrow.

This made Black Crow’s laughter grow even more piercing. “Hahaha, very good human Blade River emperor. If I kill you, that’s a huge windfall.” He secretly ordered too, “Brothers, I’ll rely on you to hold up Heavy Arrow, while I deal with Blade River.”

“Relax, even though we aren’t a match for Heavy Arrow, we can still definitely hold him for awhile.” The two brothers were very confident.

…

Killing intent rose from both sides.

Heavy Arrow stood respectfully beside Luo Feng. Luo Feng however smiled at the scene, he had to pick a team that was close to him in strength. Otherwise, anyone else would have fled after seeing Heavy Arrow.

“Let’s see the power of the Star map.” With a flip of his left hand, the star map appeared. There were visible star imprints within, and six black balls were floating within, after which they floated onto his palm.


Chapter 894: Suppression

The battle began instantly. Heavy Arrow immediately teleported beside Black Crow and almost simultaneously, one of the Qiu Jia brothers used space lockdown! Behind him, the two brothers had their shells swell up in thick armor, becoming like two fortresses.

Rumble…

The space shook as the two brothers were like two moving fortresses, pressuring the space around and attacking Heavy Arrow.

“Black Crow, deal with Blade River!”

“We can at most hold Heavy Arrow for awhile, you have to settle it fast.” The two warriors communicated urgently.

“Relax.” Black Crow replied.

…

When Heavy Arrow had teleported, Black Crow and Luo Feng had instantly begun to fight as well.

“This Blade River emperor, relied on the flame god crystal to kill Purple Clock and forced Heavy Arrow into a coma, becoming famous through that fight! His defense is heavenly, more powerful than normal emperor limits, and his blade is very powerful too, killing 10 emperors at a go, with one slash each. I cannot be slashed by him.” Black Crow was very clear on Blade River emperor’s information.

The fight that got him famous had long spread far and wide.

From that battle alone, everyone knew of his powerful defense. He was able to withstand even the strongest flame god crystal’s explosion. Secondly, his blade was special, and it should be a special weapon. These two points showed one thing, which was that Blade River was very wealthy, with the strongest flame god crystal and a special blade.

“They are all external strengths, a soul attack would do the trick.”

“Become my slave!”

Black Crow’s jade green eyes gleamed with madness as he gazed at the distant Luo Feng, instantly unleashing an illusion. The invisible technique instantly passed through Luo Feng’s general armor. But, its power was greatly weakened before entering his body.

Howl…

His internal core had long formed a Beast god, a single horned beast with thick limbs and a long tail. This miniature beast god had a tower pearl around it. However, this illusion attack wasn’t even enough for it to show itself. The Beast god howled and unleashed one of the four techniques of the Nan Shen seven forms, Beast god howl,

With powerful willpower and consciousness, this howl was extremely powerful.

The illusion was instantly dispersed.

“Go.”

Luo Feng released the six black balls in his left hand. Every one was about the size of a marble, and law engravings glowed on it. These six seemingly normal black balls…who would expect them to be the incredibly terrifying sealed stars, these were much more powerful than normal stars.

Striking a star would cause it to crumble.

However these black balls that were the size of marbles seemed ordinary.

With his powerful spirit energy triggering the six balls, they flew in a straight line fast as lightning straight at Black Crow.

“My soul illusion was actually dispersed, those six balls…not good!” Black Crow saw the black balls shooting at him, causing a thin slit in the space as it flew. This slit was incredibly fine, almost like a pathway being slit open, for the balls to fly through. How could Black Crow not be clear of what this meant?

Hu la!

Black Crow wanted to dodge, but the black balls were very fast. Even with the Sha Wu wings, Luo Feng wouldn’t have been able to dodge them easily himself. Afterall, spirit weapons were much faster than a warrior.

Rumble!

Black Crow brandished a white peculiar shield, as the first black ball hit the shield with terrifying force. With a bang, the arm Black Crow used to wield the shield was already completely smashed behind. At the same time, the second ball had smashed into the shield.

Rumble…

The shield was tossed aside in a beam of light that vanished into the vast snow.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The four consecutive balls that followed, hit Black Crow’s body. Even though he fought hard against them, the force from the balls was terrifying, striking his body hard. This was much stronger than any attack he had ever received in Zhong Zi star back then. His bones and muscles were all instantly shattered.

Chi! He spat out blood from within, blood stained his broken body.

However in almost an instant, his body had recovered completely.

“It’s useless, a pinnacle emperor’s undying body isn’t so easy to destroy.” He stared hard at the distant Luo Feng, “Mo Zhi howl!”

Rumble!

A terrifying soul attack instantly pierced through Luo Feng’s general armor, but 90% of it was diffused. After which with the Beast god howl within, it was almost completely disperse, not even touching the Beast god itself, much less any damage.

Luo Feng was very satisfied within, “The star map’s strength is indeed powerful, I didn’t even unleash any wonders before, and purely used the strength of my consciousness and the six sealed stars alone. Even that was enough to make him unable to defend against it!”

The star map was a true treasure.

The many sealed stars were much more powerful than normal stars. Just pushing it with his consciousness and willpower gave it that much strength.

That experiment…made him incredibly satisfied.

This was the benefits of a true treasure, compared to the Sha Wu wings…this sealed star combination with the star map was actually even easier to unleash greater strength. In terms of control, it was as difficult as a true treasure would be, but its strength was extraordinary.

“Experiment complete, begin the hunt!”

He looked at the distant Black Crow and controlled the six black balls. The law engravings on their surfaces lit up this time, immediately triggering the universe laws. Within an instant, a giant projection of a huge Beast god appeared…

Only its right claw had the six balls gathered there, and the projection was incredibly distinct.

The Beast god’s sky tearing claw!

“Isn’t this Blade River known for his blade work?” Black Crow was terrified. The vast law energies from the six balls caused a huge surge in power…

Tear!

The huge claw tore down and he was instantly shredded, the powerful claw sliced apart even the little fragments.

In the distance, Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed at the sight, “Now!” A black ball appeared in his left palm, and this one was covered in a layer of purple light, it was coated in the Fei mo poison. The star map had absorbed hundred sealed stars, but right now just how many was he using?

Hence he had ten sealed stars specially coated in Fei Mo poison.

Xiu!

This purple light ball became a beam of light and shot at the recovering Black Crow. The countless fragments were gathering, and before he could take form, the black ball shot right through!

“Attacks are usel…ah, no!” Black Crow felt his god body attacked, instantly losing 52% of it, shocking him.

“Flee! Flee! Flee!”

He immediately communicated to his partners.

“Flee?” The other two fortress like Qiu Jia warriors were shocked. However, having been in the outer region wars for a long time, their reactions were fast, immediately turning and fleeing.

Rumble!

Black Crow lost more than half of his strength, as a powerful spirit energy permeated his body.

“10,000 soul control one” Luo Feng stared hard at him, unleashing his technique.

In his plan, to control Black Crow, he first had to deplete his strength to less than 10%, before using 10,000 soul control to forcefully control him.

This was an unavoidable thing.

If he wanted to force him into a coma, he would have to use the Fei Mo poison twice? However, each attack could destroy 30 to 80% at a go, and he had no way to precisely control its effectiveness. With two balls attacking Black Crow…it could cause him to fall instantly!

Even if his luck was good and the enemy was forced into a coma!

However, even if he did manage to control a comatose undying, would he spend over 100 billion mixed elements to recover him? To Luo Feng…spending so much for an undying slave wasn’t worth it at all. Afterall, he already had Heavy Arrow.

…

In all, the best way was to rely on the poison during the first attack and make him suffer heavy losses. After that, forcefully use 10,000 soul control on him.

“My willpower is very strong.”

“With the General soul assisting it!”

“Using 10,000 soul control, the power of it would naturally be exceptionally powerful, and this Black Crow’s current strength is not even 10% of his full power. I hope I can succeed.” Luo Feng used his full strength and stared hard at him, beginning to invade his soul.

Black Crow’s body fell from mid air and landed in the snow, not moving at all.

However his soul…

Was currently engaging in a powerful struggle.

“Trying to control me? No! No! No! I’d rather fall, there’s still a chance of revival. If I’m controlled, then there’s no hope for revival at all.”

“Break.”

“Break!!!”

He howled within, as his entire soul was madly struggling, finally breaking through Luo Feng’s control.

“Explode!!!” The moment he broke free, he immediately self destructed.

…

The terrifying force instantly spread in all directions, covering the entire forbidden space. The vast snow was instantly reduced to nothing. Even the two Qiu Jia brothers were injured from it. As for Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow, they were naturally unharmed.

“I failed?” He stood in space, not even looking at the items left behind by Black Crow, only sighing, “To control an undying close to strength sure is hard. Strength, planning, and luck, I cannot lack in any of these.”

“Master.” Heavy Arrow said.

“Kill the other two.” He ordered immediately.

“Yes.”

Heavy Arrow flipped his hand and brandished an arc blade covered in purple light, rushing at the two injured Qiu Jia warriors.


Chapter 895: Embryo

With Heavy Arrow’s strength with the Fei Mo poison, Luo Feng stood in the distance casually tossing the six sealed stars out. Each of them were incredibly heavy. Even though Luo Feng didn’t use any of the laws with them, they could at least affect the two Qiu Jia brothers who were fleeing.

Hence…the two of them fell quickly.

After killing Black Crow and the others, Black Crow had treasures worth about thirty billion mixed elements, while the other two had a total of about eighteen billion.

“I actually failed, hm, on to the next prey then.” Luo Feng contacted the star tower and large amounts of information instantly poured into his mind, allowing him to make his choice.

“Good, the target will still be emperor pinnacle soul masters.”

“Star tower, open a pathway.”

Luo Feng gazed ahead.

Hua!

The torn up forbidden space suddenly had an exit appear. Luo Feng and Heavy Arrow flew right through the exit into the space pathway into another space. There were four bug camp warriors there, of which there was one emperor pinnacle soul master.

“Let’s hope it works this time.” Luo Feng anticipated.

…

Three minutes later.

The space was left in a mess, and the sea had been reduced to nothing as a large half of the sea bed had vanished. Silver winged Luo Feng stood high above, as Heavy Arrow stood still respectfully by his side.

“Master, the many treasures add up to about sixty billion.” Heavy Arrow said respectfully.

Luo Feng nodded, after which he shook his head and sighed, “We failed again!”

“Master, to control a soul master is extremely hard. They are all warriors that have spent countless years studying how to control soul techniques. Since they are incredibly adept at the soul techniques, to capture them…requires quite a bit of luck.” Heavy Arrow said respectfully, “However, our earnings are still huge.”

“Killing more warriors would create anger in others, making the absolute beings appear.” Luo Feng said softly. “Hence I have to succeed this time.”

“Yes master.” Heavy Arrow’s expression went serious.

There were a few hidden rules known in the universe, like how a knight could easily kill emperors and officials. Naturally the emperors and officials wouldn’t dare offend the knight, as they had their own pride. If they offended one, they would naturally be killed! However the knights would not go about massacring large amounts of undyings, if they did so…

Everybody would get enraged, the other knights would team up to deal with this one!

Same theory, like True Yan, an invincible emperor, he needn’t head to the outer region wars. As for Seven Blade, Da Long, Life fall etc, if they took out their trump cards, they could easily kill pinnacle officials or even emperor limits. Killing once or twice was fine, even killing ten of them consecutively, was ok.

However if they went overboard, it would lead to many others getting enraged.

Afterall a pinnacle emperor and an emperor limit…were the elites of the many races. If they were massacred in large numbers, the super beings of their race would natural want to take revenge!

Luo Feng brought Heavy Arrow along and began to hunt…

The first day, they battled three times, killing all the enemies, and not even succeeding once. They acquired treasures worth about 160 billion mixed elements.

The second day, they battled three more times, killing all of them. As for soul control? They still failed. But they did acquire about 210 billion.

Third day…

Four days in a row! A total of twelve battles were fought. The targets were all emperor pinnacle soul masters, however all twelve of them fell, and not one succeeded. Of which only nine of them managed to spread the news of Blade River being the killer. The other three died too fast, as they didn’t even have time to inform others.

Nine pinnacle emperor soul masters fell, and the culprit was Blade River!

Luckily the nine of them were from three different camps.

The camps were all enemies of one another, and news wouldn’t travel between them too quickly However, within each camp itself, the news had spread that Blade River had begun killing emperor pinnacle soul masters.

Automaton camp…Four were killed.

Demon camp…Two were killed.

Bug camp…Three were killed.

“This Blade River emperor sure is powerful. A total of four emperor pinnacle soul masters all died by his hands. I heard that his defense was heavenly, and was able to withstand the strongest flame god crystal explosion! I didn’t expect him to be so intrepid even against soul masters, killing four consecutively! Material defense, soul defense…both are so strong, he truly is terrifying.”

“Terrifying Blade River emperor.”

…

The name Blade River had begun to spread again after 6,000 years of silence.

The last time, Blade River had Heavy Arrow as his slave and could withstand the strongest flame god crystal. His terrifying material defense had made many not underestimate him. However no matter what…from what happened, he still relied on many external factors to kill so many.

This time however!

Against the falling of the soul masters, this had completely terrified all the other warriors.

Material attack? Soul attack?

Blade River would withstand it all, how could they deal with such an absolute warrior with no weaknesses?

…

Even though his name spread fast, within the short time, it wasn’t too absurd.

On the second hunt during the fifth day, within a burning island space, a human like silhouette with crystals embedded in his body stood there covered in little diamonds. From a glance, he looked like a diamond man! He lay on the island.

Weng…

His soul imprints within his body were all struggling madly, however after the Fei mo poison’s attack, he only had 36% of his undying body left, and his strength was greatly diminished. Within the past few days, Luo Feng had battled three times each day, and each battle lasting at most a few minutes.

What was he doing with the rest of his time?

He was studying the 10,000 soul control, embedding the laws within to make it even more powerful, studying it over and over, making his technique grow more refined.

“Submit!” Luo Feng felt the enemy’s resistance get stronger, pressing on.

Rumble!!!

Vast soul threads instantly invaded his soul.

Success!

“I’ve finally succeeded.” His eyes revealing joy. It wasn’t easy at all, as he had spent so much effort. By using the star tower’s ability to pick his targets, only after so many tries did he succeed for the first time.

“Pa Luo Wa race.” Luo Feng looked at the diamond man.

He stood up, his gaze towards Luo Feng filled with utmost respect. Luo Feng had become this being’s most important person. He bowed respectfully, “Master.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded and smiled, “Honed Heart emperor.”

Sou!

A distant silhouette flew over. It was Heavy Arrow emperor. He landed beside and said respectfully,” Master, I’ve killed the other two warriors, these are the items left behind.”

“Hahaha…” Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh loudly.

Heavy Arrow glanced over at the diamond man Honed Heart emperor when he saw this, immediately saying, “Congratulations master on controlling Honed Heart emperor.”

“It wasn’t easy, not at all. I spent so much time and effort to get this one.” Luo Feng continued laughing, “Luckily the Fei Mo poison is very strong, causing him to lose so much strength. Only then could I succeed. With him…it’ll be much easier to get more slaves.”

Honed Heart could burn his undying body, causing his soul control to instantly surge in power. That way, the chances of controlling another slave was much higher.

“With him here, our next target should be an emperor limit.” Luo Feng was filled with ambition within.

“Take a rest Honed Heart, recover your strength.”

Luo Feng took out some items he acquired before to help Honed Heart recover. Afterall, he had killed many emperors before and they all had quite a few such items for recovery. It was obviously kept for use in times of emergency, to recover quickly.

At this time, Luo Feng had given them to Honed Heart emperor.

There was no choice!

Only a fully recovered Honed Heart emperor was useful to him.

…

Everything went according to Luo Feng’s plan. After he got Honed Heart, his control proficiency rose greatly.The only trouble was that he couldn’t let the enemy burn his undying body, the moment they did…even if Honed Heart burnt his undying body, controlling them would be hard.

Before, without Honed Heart to help him, the moment the enemy burnt their undying bodies, Luo Feng immediately gave up on capturing, and chose to kill them instead.

With the Sha Wu wings and star map, he could forcefully kill them.

Heavy Arrow had the ancient clock on him, and he wasn’t afraid of the enemies burning their undying bodies. He too could easily kill them.

…

After acquiring Honed Heart, Luo Feng’s probability of success had risen from 20% to 33%. Hence, he gradually began to not show himself, but letting his slaves make the moves instead. Two emperor limits combined together with treasures he provided…the Fei mo poison and the sealed stars, the hunt had begun.

Everytime a sealed star fell, it would be a huge ruckus. Almost all the fallen sealed stars were recorded in history.

Hence…

Even though he had given his slaves the sealed stars, he had told them strictly to not use its sealing abilities. Only shrinking them to little crystal balls to attack! With the sealed stars infused with the laws within…just its offensive abilities, though far from its sealing strength, was powerful enough. Afterall the plan…was to simply use the sealed stars to attack.

Become a crystal ball to attack.

The other warriors wouldn’t be able to recognize them as sealed stars. Afterall, it’s true use was normally for more than to completely seal the enemies! And these crystal balls were hard to determine.

“The sealed stars are linked to the star tower.”

“This cannot be divulged.”

“You two, unless I allow it, you must never use its sealing abilities.” Luo Feng made a strict order, not only on the soul slaves but to himself. He could only use them to attack. And unless it was truly critical, he never allowed his soul slaves to even use them. After the battle, he would collect them back, preventing an occasion where his slaves were killed and others acquired the sealed stars.

He didn’t even give any to his teacher True Yan.

Afterall…the star tower had a huge implication, he couldn’t gamble with that kind of danger.

This entire hunt was within his own territory, the star tower. Everything was within his control. Only because of this, was he confident enough to let his soul slaves use the sealed stars.

…

Without a doubt.

The proficiency left him pleasantly surprised.


Chapter 896: Luo Feng’s Guard Team

The hunt lasted for a month, of which he battled three times a day for the first eight days, later on he only did one battle a day.

Within this month of hunting, Luo Feng was the main force during the first six days. However later on, he began to hide and let his slaves do the job. Even though the proficiency may have fallen slightly without him, it didn’t affect the hunt too much, and doing so…would help him avoid huge troubles later on.

Afterall, if he appeared every time as the main leader.

He would be in big trouble for killing too many warriors.

A total of forty six battles were fought in a month.

This made his slave count grow from the initial Heavy Arrow, to a total of nine! Meaning…from his hunt, he had acquired eight new slaves.

“Congratulations master.”

“Master, these are the goods left behind.”

The soul slaves were all absolutely loyal, giving all the treasures from the battles to him. As for their own wealth and treasures, they gave to him also. And Luo Feng arranged them on his own after, leaving them a few according to his plan. Even though he managed to get a huge amount of wealth from the forty six battles… Upgrading the strength of the nine slaves would require his own strength and resources, he felt the pressure.

The shockwave that he had created…spread throughout star tower.

Initially.

He had brought Heavy Arrow with him to the many battles, and the news had spread between the three camps. At that time, the number of warriors he killed hadn’t reached so high yet. Even though it had made him more renowned than before…the entire star tower was still considered pretty calm. However, as time passed, the news of him killing more warriors shook the entire place.

Six days, eighteen battles, thirteen of which spread the news!

There were about a total of forty emperors dying at the hands of Blade River emperor! Among which thirteen of them were pinnacle emperors and soul masters or emperor limits!

Hua!

The news spread fast and shook star tower.

…

The outer region wars was a massacre place. The warriors there wouldn’t back down from fear of Blade River’s strength.

His actions had indeed enraged many!

Many warriors from the other races began to form groups all looking for him and Heavy Arrow, wanting to kill him! The originally calm over 100,000 undyings thus had more intense battles, this resulted in many more casualties.

However…

When they had begun to look for him, he vanished. The many battles that took place never had Blade River in them.

In truth, some of the slaves Luo Feng got didn’t reveal their enslavement. Hence, Luo Feng had arranged for them to form groups of two or three to hunt. One battle a day, without Luo Feng within, no one would suspect that he was involved.

…

The atmosphere had gotten pretty crazy within star tower because of the massacre from Blade River emperor. After he vanished, he secretly sent his slaves to target pinnacle soul masters or emperor limits. There were still many that fell, the deaths of these warriors…

Caused the atmosphere to go crazy.

“It’s too crazy, even a pinnacle emperor or emperor limit can fall here. It’s best we leave star tower temporarily.”

“Haha, this is a rare encounter. With warriors dying, we have a chance of getting huge wealth.”

“Kill.”

“It’s rare to have a chance to battle. Normally, those hard to deal with warriors would just retreat, that’s seriously boring. Right now, star tower is truly a battleground.”

Some of the weaker and scared warriors left start tower. However, other bloodthirsty and confident warriors rushed here, causing the chaos within to ensue. There were also many still searching for Blade River. However, they couldn’t locate him at all.

Within a forbidden space.

A glaring gold armored silhouette glowing with black light, seemingly like an automaton puppet was present. This cold automaton warrior was the automaton super warrior that had just rushed here, Life Fall emperor.

“He actually killed so many pinnacle emperor soul masters, and so many emperor limits! Over ten of them! And the many other emperors…” His voice was filled with strength. His eyes were gleaming with fighting spirit, “This warrior is worthy of my time!”

Behind him six others followed respectfully.

“I’ve come here for Blade River emperor.” Life Fall was excited. At his level of strength, he wasn’t interested in dealing with normal emperor limits anymore.

If he wanted to fight, it had to be one with special encounters! Or heavy treasures! Or one with special battling abilities!

In all, it had to be special.

When the sealed star fell before, he didn’t manage to kill Seven Blade, and that made him regretful. He didn’t have any guarantee dealing with Seven blade or Da Long, such absolute warriors. However, against a new Blade River emperor that was just a little more renowned than other emperor limits, he was confident.

“Lord, we cannot find Blade River.”

“We’ve contacted many other allies, none of them have discovered him.”

Life Fall’s eyes gleamed with rage as he heard this. “This audacious Blade River had created such a storm, killing over ten pinnacle soul masters and emperor limits, yet now he’s just vanished? Has he left star tower? Check for me. We have automaton warriors all over, and I will also give a bounty of one billion indigo gems for news on his location. The moment we confirm the news is real, I will give the reward.”

“Yes.”

“Yes lord.

The six warriors replied.

“Blade River emperor…” Life Fall’s eyes gleamed.

He was clear that since Blade River could kill so many warriors, he definitely had some treasure or encounters. Also, just the wealth from killing so many emperors, that would be no small sum even to him. The moment he killed Blade River, he would get a huge windfall.

Naturally, he wouldn’t give up so easily on his target…

…

“Blade River emperor?”

“Check!”

“Find out where Blade River is!” Da Long had targeted him too, killing him would get him a huge windfall, why not?

…

This storm had started because of Blade River. Even though he had killed so many absolute warriors, he was only that strong himself. Killing the emperor limits wasn’t considered a massacre…plus the numbers weren’t huge, hence the super beings didn’t intervene.

However!

Warriors like Life Fall, Da Long and Black Tomb were renowned warriors of the outer region wars. Hence, they all began to target him.

The level of strength begets the level of fame!

Since Blade River dared to cause such a storm, then the others would naturally covet for his wealth. It became a challenge to see whether one could defeat Blade River. As long as Blade River could flee from Life Fall or Da Long, that would be proof of his strength.

Virtual universe, Luo Feng’s villa.

There were only two people in his living room, Luo Feng and True Yan.

“Luo Feng, you’ve caused quite a storm this time, what are you doing?” True Yan stared at his own disciple. “Your reputation has grown huge, and that would attract stronger enemies! I think…Black Tomb, Da Long, that group of punks could all be targeting you.”

“No problem.” Luo Feng smiled.

“No problem?” True Yan shook his head. “Look, you don’t even know how many of these other race warriors are trying to kill you, and your reputation within the Hong alliance is huge too. With frequent dealings with many warriors…like those exploring dangerous secret regions, they would invite you along. The name represents strength.”

“Without sufficient strength behind, you will fall.” True Yan looked at him.

“I have had some special encounters.” Luo Feng smiled and consoled his teacher.

True Yan was shocked.

Special encounters?

“Are you fully confident of being able to survive and escape from such warriors?” True Yan couldn’t believe it. His disciple was powerful, but these other warriors, which of them didn’t have their own treasures and encounters? Which of them didn’t have huge amounts of treasure? How powerful were they?

“I have confidence.” Luo Feng nodded, without any hesitation.

True Yan looked shocked at him.

After which he sighed and shook his head, “Forget it, forget it, since you are so confident, let’s see what happens.”

“I will work hard and not disappoint you.” Luo Feng mocked.

There were indeed many trying to befriend him after his name grew. However, he dealt with them casually. Only with his teacher did he actually take the time to meet and handle any questions.

…

Within the palace in star tower surrounded by sealed stars.

Silver armored Luo Feng stood there, and behind him stood a row of absolute warriors…a total of nine!

They were…

Heavy Arrow, emperor limit!

Honed Heart, emperor pinnacle soul master!

Zhen Zhong, emperor limit!

Metal Flag, emperor limit!

Sorrow Demon, emperor pinnacle soul master!

Qu Can, emperor pinnacle soul master!

Ji Hong, emperor limit, holding the true treasure ancient clock!

Mountain Howl, emperor limit.

Fu Shui, emperor limit, holding the true treasure Ice Net!

These were the nine warriors Luo Feng controlled. There were a total of forty six battles in his hunt, killing over hundred emperors. Of which, when he killed a high emperor, he was lucky to discover he had the true treasure Ice net. Killing so many emperor limits and soul masters however didn’t get him any true treasures. According to their strengths and styles, he finally gave the ice net to Fu Shui to use, and the ancient clock was more suited for Ji Hong emperor.


Chapter 897: Twin Whirlpools

Luo Feng looked at his nine slaves and felt strength.

Even though he had been strong all this while, the moment a pinnacle or emperor limit burnt their undying bodies and gave it their all, he would only be able to rely on the Sha Wu wings to defend and dodge. Because of this, he was only capable of prolonging the battle, and this was his big weak point, he had no undying body to burn.

“Now I have nine powerful slaves, and all of them are undyings of other races. I wouldn’t ever have to simply waste time when the enemy burns his undying energy.

Nine warriors, of which four were controlled directly by him.

The other five were controlled by him through his slaves.

He directly controlled Heavy Arrow, Honed Heart, Ji Hong and Fu Shui. When he first chose his targets, he knew that Ji Hong was suitable for the ancient clock. Hence, he naturally personally controlled Ji Hong himself at critical times. As the last one he controlled, Fu Shui was controlled because he was suitable for the Ice net.

In terms of importance, the ancient clock and Ice net…these two true treasures, were much more important that the emperor limits themselves.

Hong alliance, within a restaurant.

Luo Feng was sipping tea casually. The Ping Hai business had grown huge, making tea a widely available drink, and there were many connoisseurs of tea throughout the universe now.

Pa! Pa!

A knocking on door, the staff specially assigned to his booth gently tapped on the wall and a white screen appeared. In it a lady friend Yong Yan emperor dressed in a purple armor with short purple hair was present, and her eyes were glowing blue.

Luo Feng glanced over and nodded to the staff, only then did he open the door.

“Hua.” The booth door opened.

Yong Yan entered.

“You can leave.” Luo Feng ordered the staff.

“Yes.”

The staff left and closed the door behind him, leaving only Luo Feng and Yong Yan within.

“Blade River…it’s been so long, why have you contacted me?” Her expression displayed a sense of interest and curiosity. She sat right beside him as she continued, “But I heard that you’ve recently caused a great massacre within star tower, that was quite a shock.”

Yong Yan was a high emperor.

She was friendly but distant before. This time however, after Luo Feng’s name had risen greatly, she was shocked by the news initially, as she never expected him to be that strong.

“I need your help.” Luo Feng said directly.

“I will do my best to assist you. Only thing is…just what can I do to help you?” She looked at him.

“Tell me where Tian Chen emperor is, his exact location!” Luo Feng said directly. “The moment it’s confirmed, I will transfer 100 million mixed elements as a thank you.”

“Hmph, Blade River sure is generous.” She looked at him, “He won’t find out about this right?”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

It was easy enough to guess. Afterall back then Blade River and Tian Chen were on good terms. If there weren’t any special circumstance, he would have easily been able to just call up Tian Chen and ask him himself. Was there a need to get his location through another person? Yong Yan wasn’t stupid, she smiled, “Tian Chen is currently in the most dangerous place of the seventh battlefield, the Twin Whirlpools. Blade River, you can begin heading there and when you arrive, I will give you the exact location.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded, “Thanks Yong Yan, I trust in your ability.”

After which he vanished.

Yong Yan lifted the glass of tea and pondered, smiling, “This is getting interesting. This Blade River sure isn’t ordinary at all, it’s better to stay on good terms with him.”

Star tower, within the palace surrounded by sealed stars.

“Which among you can get to Twin Whirlpools as fast as possible?” Luo Feng looked at his nine slaves.

“Master, I can do it.”

Three warriors spoke up, they were after all the top notch warriors in the outer region wars. Only several others were stronger than them, mainly Life Fall, 7 blade etc. Hence, other than Star tower, they had naturally been to many other places within the outer region wars, leaving markers about.

“Very good, Ji Hong, you shall lead the way.” Luo Feng said.

“Yes master.” Ji Hong said respectfully.

“Other than Heavy Arrow and Ji Hong by my side, you other seven will stay in the world ring. Only when I need you for battle will you show yourselves.” Luo Feng ordered. The other seven warriors all complied respectfully, entering the normal world ring.

Luo Feng would summon them at critical times. If the battle ever got too intense and he had no way to trigger the world energy of the world ring, the seven warriors would be able to forcefully break out on their own too.

“I left one of my plant life form markers within an asteroid there back then.” Ji Hong said.

“Then let’s go.” Luo Feng ordered.

Weng…

A light appeared and it engulfed the entire area. Luo Feng was able to see the scene of the distant god country.

Hua!

Luo Feng, Heavy Arrow and Ji Hong were all teleported away from Star tower.

…

They first appeared within the god country before being teleported to Twin whirlpools.

Twin whirlpools was an area covered by two extremely huge whirlpools. The smaller one had a diameter of 3.9 light years and the larger one 4.2 light years. They affected each other and were both unable to swell any larger. However, large amounts of items were still pulled into them.

“Master, Twin whirlpools has both gravity and repelling forces.”

“When you first enter the area, the gravity is very strong. As you get deeper, it gets even crazier, and when you reach the limit, the gravity would vanish and the repelling force will act on you instead. The closer you get to the core, the stronger this force will be. None of the emperors have ever reached the core area.” Ji Hong introduced the area respectfully. “Some have tried to teleport in, however the moment they did that, the huge force would instantly destroy them.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded.

The most dangerous places in the entire outer region wars all had their own specialties. Of course, Star tower was the most special as it was in itself a treasure.

Hua hua…

An asteroid with a diameter of 3 km revolved about the twin whirlpools.

“This asteroid’s speed is so fast, flying within this arc for countless years. It is unable to escape from the whirlpools or get deeper.” Ji Hong said. Luo Feng stood on it and gazed about. With a glance, amidst the vast blackness, he could see little asteroids and mountains etc.

“Yong Yan.” Luo Feng contacted her via the virtual universe, “I’ve arrived at Twin whirlpools.”

“So fast? However I’ve already checked on his location, these are the coordinates.”

“Thanks, once it’s confirmed I will send the reward over to your account.”

A simple transaction.

Luo Feng had already acquired the accurate coordinates. Even though Yong Yan was only a high emperor, she was one of the members of a powerful group within the Hong alliance. This group was proficient in information and investigation, and its unique quality was that all members were female! It was said that the leader of this group was one of the Shrine masters of the Hong alliance.

“Tian Chen isnt far from me, let’s go.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Master, teleporting within Twin whirlpools requires extremely accurate coordinates. The moment there’s a mistake and one enters too deep into the dangerous regions, one could easily lose his life.” Ji Hong warned.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng nodded, the Mosha body had become a metal fragment on his cloud contact armor, feeling the vast space ripples, swiftly determining the exact coordinates.

Luo Feng, Heavy arrow and Ji Hong vanished from the spot.

…

The larger whirlpool had a continent within with a diameter of over thirty million km. It was flying within for all eternity.

Within this continent, there were two teams, and one was a team led by Tian Chen.

“Hmph.”

His long hair flew in the wind as he sat crossed legged. Beside him stood a tall and sturdy scaled other race warrior.

Ever since he earned a lot from the star tower incident, his luck had been good. Currently, he had three slaves, of which two were emperor limits, and one was the pinnacle soul master, Chi mang emperor. With the three warriors and his own strength…

He had successfully killed many, getting many treasures and lots of wealth, buying many items within Hong alliance.

When one got stronger, their wealth naturally grew and their treasures grew too. With that, they would get even stronger. This was a virtuous cycle!

In theory…he was initially in a very good mood, but it changed suddenly.

“Blade River emperor!”

“Blade River!” He sat crossed legged there, the words resounding in his mind, he recalled the information clearly.

In less than half a month, Blade River had killed over ten soul masters and emperor limits, with other emperors ranging over forty. “These were all done by Blade River and his slave Heavy Arrow!

“I knew it!”

“I knew back then that when he escaped, there would be trouble.”

“Just from the exchange with him from back then, I knew that if he could enslave Heavy Arrow, he must have true treasures and a limitless future. I carefully prepared that set up…and secretly tried to kill him. Who would’ve thought at the critical moment, he’d break free of the illusion and brandish the strongest flame god crystal. Luckily that exit appeared, allowing me to escape.” He still remembered that scene when Blade River brandished the crystal without any hesitation…

It was terrifying.

He understood after that incident that if Blade River didn’t die, there would be a tragedy for him in the future. Hence over the 6,000 years, he worked hard to strengthen himself. Even though he had prepared sufficiently, no one would have expected him to be that terrifying.

“Hm, teleportation?” He felt a spatial ripple, turning to look.


Chapter 898: Battling Tian Chen

Tian Chen and the tall and sturdy scaled warrior beside him both looked at where the ripple occurred.

Shua!

Three powerful silhouettes appeared at the same time.

They were the black furry Ji Hong emperor, the half a meter tall adorable Mountain Howl emperor and the jade green skinned Fu Shui emperor. They were all emperor limits, of which Ji Hong and Fu Shui had the ancient clock and the ice net treasures. Hence, they were the strongest of Luo Feng’s nine slaves.

As for Mountain howl, if the others all didn’t have powerful treasures, he was the strongest of the lot!

The three of them were Luo Feng’s strongest three.

…

Tian Chen was shocked at the three silhouette appearing. “Ji Hong, Mountain Howl and Fu Shui…they are all emperor limits, all warriors that have explored Star tower. Why are they here? Ah, I heard that Fu Shui had fallen, but I didn’t expect to see him here. I wonder if he’s been enslaved.”

“They must have come here because Star tower is in too much of a mess.”

The three emperor limits were actually from two different camps. As to the appearance of different camp warriors…Tian Chen was actually not surprised.

Just like how Luo Feng had first explored the sacrificial tower with Purple Clock emperor, due to special reasons, the different sides would occasionally team up.

“The three of them are teaming up, especially that Mountain Howl emperor. He’s the biggest threat! Even if my other two slaves appear…we’ll only have four in total here, and two are emperor pinnacle soul masters. The other two however are emperor limits. If we fight it out, we have no chance of winning.” Many thoughts flashed past his mind.

Over the past 6,000 years, he had killed many other warriors.

However…

It depended on who he targeted. The three before him were all emperor limits, he wouldn’t madly rush in.

Both sides stared at each other. Ji Hong side’s energy was obviously stronger, Fu Shui said coldly, “Tian Chen, we didn’t expect to bump into you here.”

“Fu Shui, Ji Hong and Mountain howl…what a coincidence. Looks like we are all exploring the Twin whirlpools. However I have other things to do, I’ll take my leave first.” He smiled and said, wanting to take his scaled slave with him to teleport away. However as he said those last words, a formless ripple spread throughout.

The space around them was locked down.

“Space lock down?” His expression sank. “Is there something you need from me?” The tall and sturdy scaled warrior behind him looked coldly at Ji Hong’s side.

“Indeed.” Fu Shui smiled coldly.

The moment he spoke…

Rumble…

The air around exploded, as both sides moved almost simultaneously. Fu Shui and his team rushed forward while Tian Chen’s side suddenly had two more warriors appear, making his team number reach four. Tian Chen and his three slaves howled and welcomed the battle!

“Since we’ve begun, we’ll give it our all to control them, if we fail, we’ll kill them all!” Tian Chen’s eyes gleamed with madness, ordering his three slaves, “Chi Mang, we’ll both burn our undying bodies and use illusions!”

“Yes master.”

Rumble! Rumble!

Tian Chen and Chi Mang were decisive, instantly raising their strengths, causing the space around them to warp.

The two were incredibly terrifying after burning their undying bodies. They both used illusions to attack Mountain howl and Ji Hong. While using the illusions, they also tried controlling their souls. Even though the chances of success were incredibly low, if they succeeded, they would have one more ally.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! As their energies swelled, Ji Hong’s three emperor limits didn’t hesitate in burning their undying energy too. This forced the other two slaves of Tian Chen to do the same.

Hence…

This battle which involved a total of seven warriors all burnt their undying energies, making Tian Chen angry and worried.

“If you all back off, we won’t go after you.” Tian Chen shouted.

“Haha, stop dreaming.” Ji Hong’s side didn’t even stop.

“We have no grudges, this fight will only result in heavy losses on both sides. It’s better to retreat, that’s the best for both sides.” Tian Chen tried reasoning with them. However, Ji Hong simply replied him with mad attacks.

Rumble…

The incredibly solid and large continent floating within the whirlpool had a layer chipped away from the ripples of attack from the seven absolute warriors.

…

And within a world ring Ji Hong carried.

Luo feng and the other six warriors lay waiting. They formed a row, maintaining utmost respect for Luo Feng.

“It’s begun.” Heavy Arrow smiled. “Master, that Tian Chen probably doesn’t even know why Ji Hong and the others are going all out.”

“Haha…” Luo Feng laughed too.

Usually when parties had similar levels of strength, they hardly ever fought it out.

And Ji Hong and the others were on orders from their master, they naturally followed them and battled.

“First heavily injure Tian Jen, make him lose over half his undying body and his strength won’t be 10% of what it was before. Then, I’ll appear with the other slaves and try and control him together with the others.” Luo Feng’s plan was something like that. The reason why he didn’t show himself initially was to avoid unnecessary trouble.

Because right now, Life Fall, Da Long…many absolute beings were targeting Blade River.

And Tian Chen was naturally clear on this, as he too was worried about Blade River. The moment Luo Feng showed himself…Tian Chen would immediately send this news via the virtual universe, publicly spreading his location! Life Fall and the other super beings, many had publicly announced bounties on his location.

“Luckily, I’m already retired and I am not part of the army system. As long as I don’t show myself, they will never find me.”

“I’ll hide for now.”

“When Tian Chen is heavily injured, only then will I appear and swiftly settle this. Then I’ll leave immediately.” Luo Feng thought. “Tian Chen, Tian Chen, I had suspected you to be a petty little thief back then. Yet I would never have expected you to control three slaves. Fight it out, go on, after this battle, if you don’t fall, you’ll become my slave.”

“Fu Shui, make your move.” Luo Feng ordered via his soul.

“Yes master!”

Seven warriors madly clashed on the flying continent. Mountain Howl emperor unleashed his natural ability, becoming a mountain like giant, he was intrepid. Tian Chen’s two soul masters had caused Ji Hong and Fu Shui to be unable to unleash their full strengths, and were suppressed.

“Yes master.” The moment Fu Shui received his order, he smiled coldly and used the Ice net to unleash his renowned technique Fu Shui nine blows.

Hua!

He unleashed his law domain and triggered the universe energies. The ice net became the framework, immediately forming an endless ice domain one million km around, engulfing all seven warriors within. Every drop of water was 1,000kg, with endless ice and water about. Naturally, their speeds were all greatly affected.

“Master, why is this Fu Shui’s Fu Shui sea so powerful? I’ve battled him before and it wasn’t this strong.”

“Hurry and get out of the Fu Shui sea.” Tian Chen ordered.

Amidst the ice cold ocean.

Tian chen and the others all rushed into the sky.

However, amidst the vast ocean, flying along within was a visible clear transparent thread that shot straight at Tian Chen.

“Master, be careful.”

“Ah.”

“A special rope binding spirit weapon.”

“Be careful.”

Tian Chen’s side was caught off guard. Chi Mang was the first to be heavily bound by the rope, and he automatically let his undying body crumble to escape the binding. However the moment he was reforming, the rope once again wrapped about him.

That way, he had no way to unleash his strength at all.

He and Tian Chen were both soul masters, the other two slaves were even more unlucky, because they relied on close combat.

“What powerful binding. I can’t get free, and even my attacks don’t work. It’s very likely a true treasure.”

“Be careful.”

Tian Chen saw the three powerful silhouettes swiftly rushing closer. He gritted his teeth and took out his most treasured possession from the past 6,000 years. He brandished a 12m tall automaton weapon, it was the super automaton weapon, Separation tower!

Its power was terrifying.

Back then when Life Fall tried to kill Seven Blade, he used this separation tower. Hence, it’s power was well known.

Weng weng weng…Tian Chen madly burnt undying energy to pour into the weapon, he was willing to risk it all.

“You want to kill me? Go and die!”

His expression was malevolent.

Ang!!!

A jade green arc light suddenly appeared and shot straight at Fu Shui! In Tian Chen’s eyes, that powerful binding that made even two emperor limits unable to attack or escape was too powerful. The moment this went on, his team may lose their lives.

Hence, his first target would naturally be the one controlling the net, Fu Shui emperor.

“Dang!”

A huge clock appeared within the ocean, it completely covered the now smaller Mountain Howl, Fu Shui and Ji Hong within. Actually, when Tian Chen took out the separation tower before…Ji Hong was shocked. “It’s a separation tower. Mountain Howl, Fu Shui, hurry into the ancient clock!”

Rumble! The jade green light shout out and hit the purple ancient clock, as its powerful force tore through the entire ocean area.


Chapter 899: Luo Feng Shows Himself

The ancient clock shook as it got hit, diffusing 90% of the force, creating ripples of shock waves within.

Within however, Fu Shui, Mountain Howl and Ji Hong were all emperor limits, and they had burnt their undying energy. In terms of quantified strength alone, they were one whole level above Tian Chen. Even without the ancient clock’s defense, they would at most get heavily injured from the separation tower, and the chances of falling were very low.

With the ancient clock protection now, they were easily able to defend themselves.

“We actually had to use the ancient clock. Let’s give it to that punk good, anyone who mess with the master must die.” Ji Hong’s smile was malevolent, he began to trigger the clock.

The ancient clock had a battle technique within, Demon Note Fire clock.

It’s defense was just its subsidiary ability, but its main usage was still its demon note attack. The only thing was that it had harsh requirements on the fire and space laws. Back then Purple Clock only managed to finish the first level. However, Ji Hong was picked especially by Luo Feng, as he was most suitable for it, plus his law comprehension and control was far above Purple Clock. He had already made progress in the second level…he could unleash the demon note attack!

“Dang!”

Ji Hong poured his undying energy into the ancient clock and controlled the entire clock.

It was almost like a formless heavy hammer smashing onto the clock, a powerful clang resounded, making a visible demon note ripple that instantly rushed at Tian Chen who was hiding within the Separation tower. This attack was extremely fast, as it had already reached the limit of the universe of light speed.

…

Within the separation tower.

Due to controlling the separation tower earlier, Tian Chen only had 82% of his undying energy remaining. At this point, his expression changed.

Dang…

The ancient clock rang as the attack pierced through the tower, and its sound diminishing ever so slightly. However, it still passed right through Tian Chen’s body. Hua! That demon note pierced his body almost like boiling water being poured into snow. With a splash… Tian Chen’s undying body with only 82% remaining suffered huge losses, leaving only 33% intact.

Even though the separation tower was a super weapon, and hiding within was extremely safe, it’s defensive abilities could only be compared to a normal true treasure.

If Ji Hong hadn’t held back earlier, it would have completely destroyed Tian Chen.

“How can this be? I…” His expression changed greatly.

“Chi Mang, you three quickly come protect me, we have to flee!” He was panicking. He’d rather sacrifice his slaves now to let himself get away.

Within Ji Hong’s world ring.

“Master, Tian Chen is heavily injured. He probably only has about 30-50% of his undying body left.” Tian Chen communicated via his soul link and reported to Luo Feng.

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Honed Heart, Sorrow Demon, Qu Can, you three go out immediately. Use your full strength together and control Tian Chen.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes master.”

Three emperor pinnacle soul masters bowed respectfully before vanishing from the world.

Within the ancient clock.

Initially, there were only Fu Shui, Ji Hong and Mountain Howl. But now, three more appeared!

…

Tian Chen had initially wanted to use his slaves to protect him and flee. However, with the flash, ancient clock melded with Ji Hong’s body, revealing the three new warriors. Tian Chen’s eyes were filled with fear and shock.

The three were made of the diamond man Honed Heart, the beautiful Sorrow Demon and the black robed stone like Qu Can. Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Three powerful energies surged as they burnt their undying bodies.

“Three more powerful warriors, Honed Heart, and…” This scene shocked Tian Chen.

Simultaneously, three powerful god energies pierced into his body.

“Three soul masters.” He was completely shocked by the attack. He had fallen into despair, he never expected the enemy to be that terrifying. With three emperor limits, and two of them with true treasures. And now, there were three more emperor pinnacle soul masters.

These were soul masters, who were extremely rare. How did these three appear together?

If he was perfectly fine, Tian Chen still had confidence in getting away. Now however, with only 33% of his undying energy left, he was incredibly weak. He had no confidence at all, he could only make one decision in despair!

“I’ve been attacked by a group of other race warriors!”

“The team has a few emperor limits, two of them have true treasures! This is the location!”

He had connected to the virtual universe and swiftly sent the mail out madly. Any human camp warrior within the surrounding ten billion km region, along with the many numbers that he had, would all receive the urgent message.

At this time…he could only hope that other warriors would rush over. If he had to rely on his strength alone, it would be over.

“Where did they come from, with two true treasures and three soul masters? Just where did they come from, when did I ever make such an enemy?” He was panicking. Many guesses were flying through his mind, of which Blade River’s name did pop up.

The only thing was that he had offended too many, not just Luo Feng.

Weng!

Honed Heart and the others rushed forward and his consciousness was completely suppressed, unable to maintain his connection to the virtual universe.

“Maintain, I must persevere until the other get here.” He howled within. Even though he was being suppressed, he struggled madly. Since his consciousness was being pressured and he was unable to even control his god body or connect to the virtual universe, much less self destruct, he was like a vegetable.

Only his consciousness remained.

His whole body was pressed down.

“Separation tower.” Fu Shui controlled a thread to throw Tian Chen’s body to the side, keeping the separation tower. The other threads from his Ice net madly wrapped about the unlucky Tian Chen’s three slaves. These three were completely subdued by Mountain Howl and Ji Hong.

Within the world ring.

Luo Feng who was worried about revealing his identity received a few mails from several friends, including Yong Yan. They were all forwarded with the information Tian Chen had sent out.

“What.”

“They are all forwarded.” Luo Feng read the mail in the virtual universe, his expression changed.

Suddenly he received a call request, it was Yong Yan.

“Receive.”

He gently tapped the air and a screen appeared, she was standing in it.

“Blade River.” She smiled, “You just got Tian Chen’s location from me, I haven’t even finished my tea and yet I’ve received his crazy mails. Countless warriors in the human camp know about this as well. Don’t tell me…that you are behind this.”

Luo Feng looked at her.

“Be careful. Tian Chen is well renowned, and there are many that trust him. Hence, he has plenty of friends. And the two true treasures will definitely attract many others. A large group will probably be rushing over now.” She said.

“Thanks.” Luo Feng nodded and didn’t say anymore.

He naturally understood the lure of the true treasures, seeing how the sealed stars caused such a commotion was enough. Back then when Purple Clock used the ancient clock, he was careful not to be discovered too. The two true treasures would definitely draw a huge group over. The only thing he was relaxed about was that Tian Chen’s mail mentioned the several emperor limits.

Emperor limits with true treasures, this was dangerous!

“Not many would dare to come.”

“I’m just worried about Seven Blade and Black Ti.” He frowned. The human camp had two beings that were terrifying beings in the outer region wars. One was the Seven Blade, another was Black Ti. Seven Blade was human, while Black Ti was only in the human camp, and was not even a Hong alliance member.

“However for them to rush over would require some time.”

“As long as I’m fast enough and settle this, I will be able to leave swiftly. It would be fine. If I’m slow, then it’s be troublesome.” His eyes gleamed ferociously. He was already retired now and wasn’t under the control of the army system. Even if warriors from the human camp came, anyone that made a move against him…

He would kill! All of them!

“Master, Tian Chen is already unable to resist the soul control, will you control him or should we do it?” Honed Heart communicated to him mentally.

“Ha!”

Luo Feng smiled, “I’ll do it personally!”

Tian Chen had three slaves behind him, and controlling him would be akin to getting four warriors! If he let Honed Heart or any of the others control him, if they fell, wouldn’t he lose five warriors?

“It’s over.”

Tian Chen lay on the broken stones, and his consciousness was suppressed. Without any strength to struggle at all, he could only await the soul control. Such helplessness…made him fall into despair.

A silver winged silhouette appeared.

However with his consciousness suppressed, whatever he saw didn’t connect to his mind, he couldn’t even see Luo Feng.

“Tian Chen.” A voice resounded within his mind.

“It’s you, Blade River!” His consciousness howled, “I guessed that it could be you, it really is! Blade River, I cannot accept this, I can’t, I can’t!!!”

However after which, the howls vanished.

He lay there and opened his eyes, looking at Luo Feng’s gaze. He felt a sense of worship from within, he swiftly stood up and bowed respectfully, “Master.”

Luo Feng smiled before his expression changed. There were three simultaneously ripples in space around him, as three teams had already appeared.

“Let’s leave.” He ordered immediately.


Chapter 900: Life or Death Brothers

Even though he gave the order immediately, it was still too late.

The ripples about had already begun and many warriors around had used space lockdown. This made Luo Feng’s expression sink initially as he sighed. These warriors had moved extremely fast after getting the news, teleporting here and instantly using space lockdown.

…

After the three teams appeared, they searched for their target immediately.

“Other race team?”

“Where’s the team that attacked Tian Chen’s group?” The three teams looked about, sending their undying energy to search. At the same time, they used their scanners…

“Nothing.”

“We can’t find them.”

“We were originally here in Twin whirpools, and when we got the news we instantly teleported over here, also using space lockdown immediately. In such a short time, they actually managed to escape? That Tian Chen is a well renowned warrior, was he unable to last for that short while?”

The three teams looked at each other. Since they were all from the human camp, they immediately recognized each other and communicated.

“Attention all!”

A snow furry monkey like being with a sharp nose from the group said, “Your scanners may not have detected anything. But mine has detected another small scanner 22km away from us.” He pointed in the direction.

“What?”

“There’s a mini scanner there?”

“Snow Horn emperor, are you sure? Why haven’t we detected anything?”

“Snow Horn’s mini scanner is the most expensive of our group, worth several billions of mixed elements. Hence, he’s definitely right, there must be another team there hiding. Haha, we’ll find out soon enough if they are hiding there…break!” A powerful undying energy swept past the area.

How much area could a small scanner cover?

An area of ten km was easily covered by undying energy. As long as there was resistance, without a doubt there would warriors hidden there.

Rumble.

God energy spread over the area.

Rumble! The hidden region suddenly exploded with a stronger undying energy, immediately engulfing the undying energy that swept over it. It overwhelmed the sweep…sweeping past the three teams.

“It’s an emperor limit warrior!”

“Be careful everybody.”

Even though the three teams were cautious, they knew that the other team was from another race and that they had true treasures. Yet they still dared to rush over immediately. This was definitely a team that stood at the pinnacle of strength in Twin whirlpools. Afterall, every area within here had diameters of a few light years.

And teleportation easily covered a couple of light years.

A few teleports would easily cover the area. In theory, most teams should get here fast enough, however why were there so few? It was because the other teams were afraid. They wanted to let other warriors get here first before rushing over for the fight, seeing if they could get anything amidst the chaos.

The three teams had a total of sixteen warriors, for a total of nine emperor limits, three pinnacle soul masters and four emperor pinnacles.

It was an extremely powerful team.

Rumble…the undying energy that swept past them was easily dispersed.

“They actually dared to attack warriors of the same race, are they looking to be killed by our human camp?” A cold curse resounded. In the distance the hidden region warped and three silhouettes appeared. One was the silver winged Blade River emperor, Tian Chen with his long hair and Ji Hong emperor.

“It’s Blade River.”

“It’s Tian Chen!”

The three teams were all shocked, since the victim of this incident was still alive? And the terrifying Blade River had come to twin whirlpools?

“Blade River, it’s a misunderstanding, we didn’t know it was you.”

“Blade River, Tian Chen, it’s all an error, we thought it was the other race team hiding there.”

Attacking another warrior from the same camp was wrong. Even though no one was injured, the three teams immediately expressed their apologies. Obviously they didn’t want to mess with the renowned Blade River emperor.

“Hmph!” Luo Feng’s expression was ice cold.

In truth, he heaved a sigh of relief within. With his prudence, to prevent others from seeing too much by rushing over, when he soul controlled Tian Chen earlier, he had already activated his mini scanner to hide them. When the space was on lockdown, preventing them from fleeing, he immediately acted according to his plan B.

First keep the other warriors into his world ring, after that appear with Tian Chen and Ji Hong…acting like they were all from the human camp.

After all, Blade River was a human!

…

“I gave my all to save my friend Tian Chen and evade the other race team. If I managed to escape from them only to be killed by your attacks…then I’d have nothing to say.” Luo Feng gazed at the three teams, they all smiled apologetically.

If they accidentally attacked a weak warrior, they wouldn’t even bother.

But Blade River was simply too renowned, massacring emperor limits and pinnacle emperor soul masters, plus he was human! Within the human camp…the other races were all subservient, and humans were the strongest. Also, the army system was obviously biased towards the humans as well.

This made it so that the three teams didn’t dare offend Luo Feng!

“Tian Chen’s energy is really weak.”

“Looks like he’s lost over half his undying body.”

“It’s tragic, the injury must be severe. However, it’s known that Tian Chen and Blade River are good friends. When the sealed star fell in star tower, they were together too. It was said that Blade River almost fell into the danger region and Tian Chen almost rushed in, however Blade River got lucky and an exit appeared before him.”

“This is true friendship, over our long life spans, our relatives all die. Hence, the good friends are more important. There are all sorts of dangers in the universe, and very few true friends are out there. Hence, everyone is important! Tian Chen and Blade River have such a relationship, I bet the moment Blade River got the news, he immediately rushed over and was here first.”

“Tian Chen might have called out to him first, allowing him to get here faster.”

“They are indeed good friends.”

“Only life or death brothers would do so.”

The three teams communicated secretly. Since Blade River had already forced the other race team away, allowing them to escape, the teams that were on the hunt, all ready to unleash their strongest attacks relaxed.

There was however one exception to the group…Snow Horn emperor.

“Disperse your space lockdown.” Luo Feng ordered coldly. He was waiting for them to do that so that he could teleport away.

“There’s no rush.”

A cold voice resounded, it was Snow Horn, whos eyes were gleaming fiercely.

He stared at Luo Feng and mocked coldly, “Blade River, there are many other camps hunting you down. I didn’t expect you to actually show yourself! Looks like your relationship with Tian Chen must be deep, however…you are too stupid, to put yourself in danger for him.”

“Danger?” Luo Feng looked at him.

“Snow Horn, disperse the space lockdown.”

“Right, disperse it.”

The other team mates all told Snow Horn the same thing. Even though Blade River was eyed by many powerful warriors, he wasn’t one that emperor limits could aim for. What’s more…he was from the human camp and killing within the camp was forbidden.

“There’s no rush.” Snow Horn said coldly, “This Blade River…even though I don’t know the reason, since his number is well known by many warriors, I’ve tried sending an SOS to him via the army system. I specially sent it to him…in theory, even if he shut off his virtual universe connection, the army system would report so. However, it’s reaction this time was…that he has already retired! If he’s not in the system, one cannot send an SOS to him.”

“Retired?”

“Retired?”

“Blade River has retired?”

“I’ve tried too, he’s really retired. There’s no way to call him from the army system. The system states that he’s retired.” The three teams were shocked. Even though they knew he had a huge amount of wealth, and true treasures on him, they had never thought of this.

One was because of power. But, the second was the more important reason, that it was forbidden to kill within the same camp!

Now that they knew he was retired, their thoughts had shifted, should they deal with Blade River? Surround and attack him? The atmosphere shifted immediately, it wasn’t as friendly as before as they began to plan something against him.

“Blade River risked his life for me and you wish to attack him?” Tian Chen raged, his voice resounding within their minds.

“Tian Chen, this is none of your business.”

“You should step away.”

“Tian Chen, your current strength cannot affect anything. Even though we won’t attack you, you should know your place.” The three teams’ gaze had changed. At this time, tens of other teams flew over, and they were all unable to teleport close due to the space lockdown, hence they could only appear further away and fly over.

Even though they were still flying, their scanners had detected everything.

“It’s Blade River.”

“Blade River is actually still here.”

“Blade River has retired and is not in the army system, he’s not under their protection anymore.”

A vast group began to appear about.

This scene made Luo Feng frown. He spoke yet, “Tian Chen, you take a rest, leave it to me.” He kept Tian Chen in his world ring. This action…wasn’t stopped by the three teams at all, because they didn’t wish to accidentally hit Tian chen during their battle. At this point in time, they still thought that Tian Chen was the same Tian Chen of before, they didn’t know that he had already become Luo Feng’s soul slave.

“Interesting.”

Luo Feng gazed at the teams that were rushing over. “The news of the true treasures from the other races have brought this scenario. Who would’ve thought that the identity of Blade River…would bring me so much trouble.”


Chapter 901: Silhouette of a Whip

Those who were able to rush over immediately were definitely the strongest of the human camp warriors in Twin whirlpools. Tens of teams plus the initial three, a total of close to ninety warriors were present. Amongst which, there were over thirty pinnacle soul masters and emperor limits!

“Blade River is retired?”

“Hehe, I heard his body is about emperor pinnacle strength, yet he’s able to kill so many powerful warriors. He must have some true treasures.”

“Right, back then he forced Blood Beast away, killed Purple Clock and forced Heavy Arrow into a coma and then turned him into a slave. He relied on the strongest flame god crystal. However, he wasn’t even harmed by it, I don’t believe that he has some powerful defensive treasures. And recently he massacred so many. It seems like his strength must have grown further, and also he must have some new treasures!”

“Attention all, the other race team has already been forced away by Blade River. Tian Chen has been saved by Blade River already.”

“That other race team was said to have several emperor limits and two true treasures, yet they were forced away by Blade River? This Blade River…is too strong, he must have more than one true treasure.”

Close to ninety warriors of the human camp floated about, all staring at the silver armored and winged youth.

Luo Feng gazed around. Even though they were all from the human camp, there was only one true human amongst them, the rest were from other races!

“Cha Mang emperor, you wouldn’t think of making a move on me too would you?” Luo Feng looked straight at the human. As Blade River, he had gotten to know many emperors within the Hong alliance, and this was one he was an acquaintance with.

“Of course not, I only came here because Tian Chen was in trouble. I came to deal with the other race team, why would I attack someone of the same race.”

He stood among the many warriors and looked around, his voice booming like thunder, spreading far and wide. “Blade River is a human warrior, even though he’s retired, he is still human! About 1/3 of you here are from the Hong alliance, are you all going to attack a human warrior?”

“No.”

“We won’t interfere in this, we came here for the other race team.”

“We won’t interfere.”

Many Hong alliance members immediately said.

Since they were from the Hong alliance, they couldn’t escape the rules of the alliance. Humans were the core of the entire alliance! The warrior Blade River definitely had some background. If he were to be killed by one of them…his friends, teachers etc would all come take revenge for him, it would be too easy to find them all.

“Looks like they haven’t gone mad.” Luo Feng thought.

While these warriors may be greedy within, with so many spectators about…there were many more problems to think about.

“Hmph, the Hong alliance may not interfere, but I’m not a member.” Snow Horn said coldly.

“Hehe, they can stand by and watch.”

“Since he’s retired, he’s not protected by the army system. Hence, he has no relation to us.”

The many other warriors stared hard at Luo Feng.

The vast number of other races in the universe used humanity to enter the outer region wars. The Hong alliance was but a small portion of the human camp, but many others weren’t part of it. While they may have some relation with humanity now, once they retired, they would return to their homes and have no connections to humanity. Hence, they didn’t care about all this.

Luo Feng kept Ji Hong in his world ring and stared coldly at everything. He had kept him outside initially with the plans of forcefully breaking through, now however with so many emperors around, it was impossible to do so. It was better to be alone.

“More are coming.” Snow Horn gazed. “Attention all, if we keep standing around, more would come to take the treasure.”

“Attack!”

“Kill!”

Tens of warriors all moved simultaneously. Since they were all from the same camp, they were not worried about being attacked by others after getting the treasure. Hence more than half of the group attacked.

“Very good.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Hmph!”

He flapped his silver wings and unleashed strike travel. His Beast god presence was incredibly high now, and his movement was even faster than before. The tens of warriors could only watch as the silver light arced around them and easily dodged all the attacks.

Rumble…

With so many attacks, the surrounding space was torn apart as the fragments flew madly about, this affected the other warriors greatly. However with the fragments, it allowed Luo Feng to be like a fish in water, unaffected at all as his speed left them all stunned.

…

The Hong alliance members including Cha Mang emperor, along with few that didn’t participate all watched on shocked.

“Blade River’s instantaneous speed is absurd!”

“With so many space fragments, he can actually change directions thousands to tens of thousands of times, his speed is incredible.”

“Tens of warriors attacking him and none even got close.”

“Too strong”

“With such terrifying speed, this Blade River can go anywhere in the vast universe.” The spectating warriors all realized how terrifying he was. With such instantaneous speed, his survival ability was crazy.

If not for the space lockdown, he could teleport away immediately.

With it there, he could still move that fast, and under the gazes of countless warriors, he would still be able to get away.

In all.

His survival ability was heavenly, unless one had a true treasure like the ice net or something, or special spirit weapon attacks, or soul illusions to affect him. They had to find a way to control his speed to deal with him, otherwise it was almost impossible.

“You want to affect me with these little soul attacks?” Luo Feng was like a god howling, his voice booming in all the attackers’ minds. “I can get away easily enough. However…Snow Horn, you are detestable!”

Shua!

A silver light flashed and he was already beside Snow Horn.

“How can he be that fast, we have so many warriors and yet, we cannot hold him down?” Snow Horn’s eyes were blinded by a light as he found himself staring straight at Luo Feng’s cold eyes behind the silver helmet. He instantly understood, “He wants to kill me!”

Hua!

The six purple lit black balls appeared from Luo Feng’s left hand. They were all sealed stars coated in the Fei Mo poison and imprinted with the Beast god descends sky tearing claw. With a trigger of his powerful consciousness, a blurry projection of the Beast god appeared.

Howl! The right claw had the six sealed stars within, tearing downwards.

“Break!” Snow Horn had a huge turtle shelled beast image appear behind him, and two blades appeared in his arms which became a huge scissor like weapon.

The huge right claw clashed with the scissors!

Hua…

The surrounding space fragments were instantly hit by the shockwaves and reduced to stream particles. The six sealed stars within the right claw were incredibly intrepid. Every little black ball far exceeded the power of a star. Ka Cha, ka cha…the scissors crumbled as the claw slashed through Snow Horn who had no way to escape.

Rumble, his god body instantly crumbled.

In terms of strength, he was indeed an emperor limit. Luo Feng’s current consciousness and spirit energy, with the general soul’s help along with the powerful Beast god presence was only at the pinnacle emperor level.

A pinnacle emperor with the help of true treasures could normally match an emperor limit, and even kill an emperor limit, like Purple Clock emperor!

Luo Feng relied on the star map, and he completely suppressed this emperor limit!

Hua!

Six purple lit black balls pierced through the gathering fragments of Snow Horn. Every black ball was able to destroy about 5% of his god body, with six of them, that was about 30%.

“Trying to kill me without burning your undying energy, you must be dream…no!!!” His body was just reforming as his eyes were suddenly filled with shock. He felt a special corrosive attack on his god body as it reformed, instantly destroying 35% of his god body.

Hua!

The six balls turned in the distance and once again became a howling Beast god, its right claw descending once again.

“Die.” Luo Feng looked on coldly.

“Blade River emperor!” A cold voice suddenly rushed into Luo Feng’s mind. A powerful attack flew over from far. A over 300m tall black lightning hammer tore through the air. Its speed was terrifying, as the broken space fragments were simply knocked aside.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The fragments were all reduced to stream particles as the black hammer caused Luo Feng’s expression to change. “Even with the Sha Wu wings I won’t be able to dodge this.”

“Go.” He waved his left hand.

Eight black balls swiftly flew over, and they were all infused with the laws within, forming a huge Beast god projection in mid air. Compared to the sky tearing claw beast that got formed before, this one was obviously much more condensed and real.

The eight balls formed a Beast god with a long tail which was a few hundred meters long. It swung like a whip forwards!

“Howl!” The Beast god howled as its tail whipped at the lightning hammer.

Beast god armament second form, Whip!

The Beast god armament had a total of six forms. The first was Beast god descends, while the second was whip. This was the strongest move he could use after comprehending the Nan shen seven form’s second volume.

…

A blurry whip silhouette, and a majestic black lightning hammer, they clashed directly. The eight sealed stars clashed hard with the hammer.

Rumble!

The tail whip instantly crumbled from the force. The eight sealed stars were knocked away too, after which they flew back to Luo Feng’s hands and landed in his left palm. This made him frown.

The thunder hammer was knocked far away too, it shrank until it was only about 30 plus meters, landing in the 20m tall black armored giant with three horns on his forehead. He stared at Luo Feng too.

“Blade River!” A voice boomed.

Silver winged Luo Feng immediately stood straight up and gazed into the distance, “Black Ti emperor!” His voice resounding about.


Chapter 902: Luo Feng Vs Black Ti

When the sealed star fell before, Black Ti didn’t participate, but this didn’t affect his reputation in any way.

The four camps in the outer region wars all had terrifying beings, like Life Fall, DA Long, Nan Zheng, Seven blade and so on. They were all renowned figures. Black Ti was one that could match them as well. Even though he was from the human camp, he was from a distant universe region, and not from the Hong alliance.

He had a true treasure hammer named Black Ti, hence his name.

“It’s Black Ti!”

“He’s actually here, and he is so fast.”

“Blade River is in trouble, but Black Ti’s terrifying strength. Back then when he had fought with Da Long for quite awhile, both of them decided that it was best to call a truce finally. Within the entire seventh battlefield, Black Ti is definitely one of the pinnacle beings, Blade River is disadvantaged.”

“If Black Ti is here, Blade River’s treasure isn’t for us to take.”

“Do you think you could ever get Blade River’s treasure? With a flap of his wings, he’ll easily leave you far behind.”

…

The distant other race warriors had all given up. They were clear that this level of being, even with seven emperor limits combining forces, they would all be easily knocked back by him. Hence, the other warriors simply stayed back and watched the two battle.

Two silhouettes were floating in space with a distance between them.

One was huge, while the other was tiny.

However both energies made the others around them tremble.

“He seems quite strong.” The tall and demonic Black Ti’s voice boomed. “To be able to receive my hammer, he must be quite strong.”

“Since I entered the outer region wars, this is the first time I’m actually dealing with a level of warrior like that. It really makes my blood boil. Come on, let me see if your reputation is well deserved.” Luo Feng stared intensely from the other end and said, both sides filled with fighting spirit.

Both of them were strong!

Battling with other strong warriors and pursuing the limits of the universe, this was Luo Feng’s ambition.

“Good! I’ll let you see if my name is real!” Black Ti’s voice boomed as he rushed forward instantly.

Xiu!

He became a lightning bolt, and his speed was terrifying.

If he had tossed out his hammer, that hammer…had a speed so fast that it even shocked Luo Feng initially. However, his own speed wasn’t something Luo Feng actually bothered with. With the Sha Wu Wings, his own instantaneous speed far exceeded Black Ti’s.

Xiu! Luo Feng flapped his wings and easily flew far away. Amidst the broken space fragments, his speed was demonic, easily dodging and changing directions.

“Go!” eight black balls floated in his left palm.

The eight black balls immediately revolved in space, and the law engravings on them glowed with gold light. Luo Feng’s terrifying willpower that exceeded even that of knights triggered the laws and instantly a few hundred meter long Beast god formed.

“Howl…” The Beast god howled. It was actually a spirit weapon taking on this form, and its speed was absurd.

Shua!

It appeared before Black Ti and instantly whipped its tail at him.

“Hmph.” Black Ti wielded his hammer and stepped forward, causing the large amount of space fragments to instantly become stream particles. He swung his hammer heavily. He had casually thrown it earlier, but this time he swung it with his full might.

Weng!

The Beast god’s tail actually recoiled and evaded the head on clash with the hammer, whipping it back at Black Ti.

“So fast.” Black Ti was shocked. He had used his full force to swing the hammer. Hence, he was unable to bring it back on time to defend. With a howl, he used his left hand to punch. A dark red metal covered his hand. It seemed like a special punch, as it triggered the laws, causing the the space about to completely crumble into fragments.

Rumble!

The punch clashed with the tail whip. Black Ti’s punch could easily smash through a star, however, he felt intense pain from this clash!

“Good!” He actually howled malevolently, getting even crazier.

“Hahaha… Black Ti, your hammer’s speed seems slower than before.” The distant Luo Feng controlled the Beast god to once again attack.

In mid air, the Beast god flashed time and again. As it flashed, its tail grew even more demonic, occasionally whipping, and at other times recoiling. It was extremely fast, and it made the enemy unable to trace it. After all, even for normal animals…their tail whip movement was extremely fast.

The Beast god was the same!

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

Black Ti unleashed his strength.

His swung his hammer against the Beast god’s tail over and over. Every time it hit, it knocked the eight black balls far away. The only thing was that since Luo Feng was a spirit reader, even if the eight sealed stars were knocked away they could immediately gather and reform the Beast god image, attacking once again. This was the difference between a spirit reader and fighter.

The fighter couldn’t back down, once his weapons were knocked away, his body would take the blow.

A spirit reader however, even if his weapons were knocked away, as he would usually attack from afar, he could still reform his weapons and attack immediately.

“He actually blocked it over and over?” Luo Feng was shocked as he controlled the eight sealed stars. “His usage of the hammer has changed too. Every attack has a revolving force, and with each attack, the force grows. Even if I make the tail dodge the attack, he would still be able to defend.”

…

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The demonic Black Ti howled as he rushed at Luo Feng with his hammer, every step was as fast as lightning. Even with the Beast god’s tail whipping at him, he easily knocked it away with a swing. It was almost like a huge car rushing forward easily knocking away a bicycle, however this bicycle simply reformed over and over and attacked again.

“What power.” Luo Feng’s expression changed, feeling the difference between himself and Black Ti. The rest of them who were watching this battle felt the same way.

“That toss earlier…I could still withstand it, probably because he didn’t use too much force initially. Now that he’s serious, each blow is like a huge mountain crashing down. Even my eight sealed stars are knocked away easily.”

“Even with the eight sealed stars, I’m still losing. I can only barely affect his speed.”

The bicycle may have been knocked away over and over again, however it still managed to slightly affect the car’s speed.

“I’m not his match.”

“If I go all out and let Fu Shui use his Ice net on him, there would still be a chance. However he hasn’t even burnt his undying body, it’s obvious he doesn’t wish to go all out with me.” Luo Feng thought. “Since we’ve already tested each other’s strength, it’s time to go. However before that…”

His gaze turned to Snow Horn emperor, he couldn’t forget the one that was most passionate about killing him. “I’ll deal with him first.”

The surrounding number of warriors kept growing, they all formed their own little teams and floated about, gazing from a distance at the fight.

Black Ti was intrepid and powerful. Even with Blade River’s full attacks, he easily knocked them away. However, Blade River remained far away and Black Ti had no way to get close. Even if he rushed forward, Blade River could easily get away.

“Even though Blade River can easily deal with an emperor limit, he still isn’t a match for Black Ti.”

“Black Ti’s strength is heavenly. Even though his strength surpasses Blade River, but his speed cannot even touch him.” The warriors around could all see this.

“Hahaha… Black Ti sure is powerful, much respect! But I’ll be leaving first!”

His voice was filled with spirit energy, which resounded throughout the space.

Shua!

Luo Feng flapped his wings and formed a silver flash, with one flash, he once again reached Snow Horn emperor.

“You…” Snow Horn who was with his teammates changed his expression.

“Do you think you can take my treasures? You sure don’t know your place!” six purple lit black balls formed a Beast god projection and howled as it rushed at Snow Horn. His teammates all actually dodged. Having seen his power, none of them dared to offend Blade River.

Tear!

The right claw tore Snow Horn apart as the six balls instantly pierced through, destroying over 30% of his god body.

“Blade River!!! I will have my revenge!!!” He howled in anger as he instantly self destructed. He knew that he wasn’t a match for Blade River, but he was still an emperor limit. It was definite that he would be revived in the future. However, if he was forced into a coma and taken away, then he would have no hope left for revival.

Rumble…

The force of the shockwave rippled in all directions. An explosion with only 30% of his undying body left was something the emperor limits could withstand against together. Only a few pinnacle emperors were heavily injured, but no one fell.

Just like that, Snow Horn fell!

…

Xiu!

With so many warriors watching him, Blade River left just as he said. Before he left, he even killed an emperor limit Snow Horn emperor, and the speed he displayed as he left…made all the warriors around shake their heads and sigh. Even Black Ti, only when he tossed his hammer could he catch up to him.

But he was clear too, that when he tossed his hammer, Luo Feng would immediately use the Beast god projection to defend. It wouldn’t even affect his fleeing.

In an instant…

Blade River flew out of the space lock down area and with a teleport, he vanished from sight.

“What power, what speed.” Black Ti’s voice boomed, he sighed before he became a beam of light and vanished.


Chapter 903: The Legend of Blade River Emperor

The broken space fragments began to recover, and the continent that had been floating within the whirlpools for so long had been completely pierced through, revealing a huge hole with a diameter of hundreds of thousands of km. Hundreds of warriors floated there, still stunned at the scene that just took place.

Suddenly…

A powerful energy appeared in mid air. An armored metal person glowing with black light appeared, and his formless pressure spread out, causing the hundreds of human warriors to grow silent.

“It’s Life Fall emperor!”

“It’s the automaton Life Fall emperor!”

“He’s from the automaton race, how’d he get here so fast?”

“Haven’t you heard that he gave out a bounty for Blade River’s location? There were definitely some from the human camp that revealed the location earlier, allowing him to rush over.” Almost all of the human warriors were emperors. However, there were many low and high emperors around. Against the powerful Life Fall, they didn’t dare challenge him.

…

Life Fall stood in space, gazing about, he roared, “Where’s Blade River?”

“Life Fall.” The warriors of the human camp may not dare challenge him, but that didn’t mean they feared him. A warrior the size of a small mountain spoke, “Blade River had just battled Black Ti and left right after, along the way he even killed Snow Horn emperor. He should have teleported via god country far away by now.”

“He fought Black Ti?” Life fall looked at the warrior.

The warrior boomed, “You can see for yourself.”

Shua!

A light projection appeared in mid air, producing a 3D image. This was something that earth had even back in the base era. However the universe technology was obviously more advanced, as it was 100% simulation of the battle between Blade River and Black Ti that replayed before them.

Life Fall watched on right until the end.

Him and Black Ti both belonged to the pinnacle of beings in the outer region wars. At their level, they could see wonders and little things within the battles. Without a doubt…this battle was but a test from both sides. Unless they truly wanted to go all out, no one would actually burn their undying bodies.

Black Ti and Blade River both didn’t.

“Black Ti only used his most basic methods, his god hammer!” Life Fall muttered, “He only used one of the three techniques. And Blade River…”

“I heard he’s most proficient in blade work, yet he used a spirit weapon this time.”

“And he has Heavy Arrow as his slave, the report even said that Tian Chen and Ji Hong followed behind him. Tian Chen was saved by him, while Ji Hong is from another camp, for him to be so respectful, he should be his slave too!”

“Just how many slaves does he have?”

“His speed is crazy!”

“His defense was renowned before, and now he even revealed a spirit weapon.” Life Fall felt like this Blade River was truly mysterious, with so many trump cards, just the fact that he didn’t even let his slaves attack showed his own confidence.

…

The many human warriors all looked at Life Fall, observing his reactions. When he finished viewing the battle, he was silent for a while before saying, “Blade River is worthy of his name and even if he has true treasures, he deserves them.” After which, he teleported away.

Life Fall had left, however those words made the hundreds of warriors there shocked.

“Life Fall has recognized Blade River’s strength.”

“He recognizes that Blade River is worthy of his treasures.”

“What a pity, looks like it’ll be hard to see the both of them ever clash.”

“Since Life Fall says so, no one will go after Blade River anymore. This fight…has let Blade River prove his strength.”

The many warriors sighed. The circle of warriors was as such that only the strong were worthy of true treasures. The weak would have to be careful not to reveal their treasures. If not, they would be attacked! And Life Fall, even Seven Blade, which one of these beings didn’t have many treasures?

Seven Blade, his seven blades alone were true treasures, along with the many others he had.

Black Ti and Life Fall were similar.

Everyone in the outer region wars knew about their treasures, yet no one ever attacked them for the treasures! This was strength! And this fight…with Blade River facing off against Black Ti, that was proof of his strength! It proved that he had that level of strength too, maybe he was still weaker than Black Ti, but his speed and terrifying defense…made him as hard to deal with as the others.

This fight thus began to spread the legend of Blade River throughout the outer region wars.

Countless warriors began to compare Blade River with Black Ti. Black Tomb, Seven Blade, Da Long etc, in their eyes…he may be slightly weaker than the others, but his speed would leave many in despair.

“I’d rather meet Seven Blade and Life Fall than meet Blade River!”

“There’s still a chance of fleeing against the others. However against Blade River with space lockdown, who can outmatch him in speed? We won’t be able to escape.”

“Be careful to not mess with Blade River. Over 6,000 years ago, he could already withstand the blast of the strongest flame god crystal. But, right now he’s even stronger, it’s absurd. His defense is strong and his speed is crazy, it’s better to avoid him.”

The legend of Blade River thus spread far and wide amongst the many warriors in the universe, making him a renowned being in the universe.

…

Luo Feng however had already left Twin whirlpools after that fight, teleporting straight to humanity.

…

Virtual Universe Company base.

Luo Feng took on the form of his sector lord self, sitting in the Virtual Universe Company ship and headed straight to the primal region primal chaos city.

“Your majesty.”

“Your majesty.”

The emperor undying in charge of the ship said respectfully.

Luo Feng just smiled and nodded as he found a single cabin to rest in.

“Captain, is there a need to be that courteous with him. He’s only a sector lord, with your strength as a high emperor, you can kill him with a wave of your hand.” An undying member of the ship said. Beside him, the other members were all discussing. “That’s right, he just got lucky and became the disciple of the city leader, if not for that, he’s only a sector lord, why bother? This trip was specially organized just for him, if it were normal sector lords, they’d have to wait till the numbers had tallied before we’d take off.”

The captain laughed, “Even though he’s only a sector lord and I can easily kill him, he is still the disciple of the city leader. We can say this secretly, but never ever say it out loud. If he chose to pursue the matter, no one can protect you all.”

“We understand.”

“Relax captain, we are not stupid.”

“We are just saying, I just cannot stand his behavior, as if we are supposed to be respectful of him.” The undying member said unhappily.

The captain shook his head. It was normal to feel unjust as he felt that way too, but he still had to maintain absolute respect, if he wanted to climb up the ranks of the Virtual Universe Company. If his strength was insufficient, he couldn’t offend anybody. And a being like Luo Feng was one he definitely couldn’t offend.

“Hmph, the glory of the old days has passed. It’s been close to 10,000 years after he became the disciple of the city leader, yet I’ve never heard of him having any achievements. He’s probably been forgotten by many.” The captain thought.

The ship flew to a stop in the air above the city.

“Your majesty.”

“Your majesty.”

With the captain leading, the members all sent off Luo Feng respectfully.

Luo Feng gazed at the primal chaos energy that engulfed the ancient city below. Ever since he became the disciple of the city leader, he had gotten the rights to be a permanent resident here. Actually, even with his level on the heavenly bridge alone, he already had that right.

Primal chaos city, True Yan’s residence.

Luo Feng rushed into the residence, seeing some disciples in name along with other true disciples.

“Senior.”

“Senior Luo Feng.” Many disciples within shouted passionately at him. Luo Feng asked them to find out where True Yan’s current living quarters was.

After awhile…

He rushed into a yard and stopped suddenly.

“I’ve heard you from far away, why aren’t you coming in.” True Yan’s voice resounded from the yard.

Luo Feng smiled and entered the door.

True Yan sat there, with a wave, the doors shut.

“Have you come with nothing to see me?” True Yan sat there and looked at Luo Feng, seemingly cold and indifferent.

Luo Feng however smiled and with a flip of his hand, brandished a red wine bottle. This was about the size of a palm, and was peculiarly shaped, almost like an orangutan shape, with complex engravings carved on its surface and it glowed with fire law energies. Luo Feng placed this bottle on his teacher’s table.

“According to what you said, I have to bring wine to visit you.” Luo Feng said seriously, “I wonder if this satisfies you.”

“Very satisfied.”

True Yan stared wide eyed at this burning wine bottle. After careful observation, he extended his furry hand to touch it, nodding, “Indeed, this is it. Damn, only those with huge amounts of wealth in humanity can afford this, and even so, this would take an emperor limit’s entire wealth. There’s extremely few such wine amongst humanity, I’ve only tried one glass before, I didn’t expect…”

“Hehe.” True Yan immediately smiled happily. “My good disciple, the powerful Blade River emperor, looks like your rewards from the outer region wars have been huge.”

“Hehe.” Luo Feng smiled.

It was huge indeed.


Chapter 904: Primal Sky Mountain

The biggest reward of course was still the life or death inheritance from star tower, the star map and Pearl tower. After over 6,000 years of torture, his willpower had evolved greatly, and his Beast god presence had reached another level too.

In terms of wealth.

During that one month of massacre in star tower with over forty battles, everyone got several billions worth of wealth, occasionally more. In all, how much was that? Even though while massacring, he would only occasionally activate the virtual universe synchronized broadcast to accumulate contribution points. He didn’t declare more than half of them.

Even so, the number of points he got was still shocking. The amount of wealth he could exchange from that may not be as much as the massacre, but it was still very high.

“If the rewards weren’t big, I wouldn’t have been able to afford this Purple flame ape wine.” Luo Feng said. “After I retired, I discovered there was this one bottle within the army system. I was shocked that they actually had it! I immediately thought of you and bought it without any hesitation.”

“Haha…”True Yan couldn’t help but laugh out loud. He rubbed the bottle in his hands, as he was extremely happy.

The Purple flame ape wine was something only a special life form of the universe, the Purple flame ape could produce.

Even though it had the name ape, in truth the human and ape race had no relation to it. In fact, it was produced by the universe as a ball of purple flames that was somewhat resembled an ape. It was actually a mysterious flame! With powerful energies.

There were over 10,000 purple flame apes in the universe. However over the years, their numbers only dropped without ever going up.

However, the years also resulted in several super beings, plus with their special living environment, like some terrifying flame regions that even knights didn’t dare enter. The knights would instantly be reduced to ashes within. However, the flame apes weren’t worried about this. They were in fact most renowned for their wine, hence naming it the Purple flame ape wine.

As for this wine, just its flavor alone made it a top class wine.

Of course there were countless good wines in the universe, just the taste alone wouldn’t give it such a high price.

The first point of this wine was it was beneficial to the body and soul. Anyone who drank this would feel his or her comprehension of the fire laws grow! Their bodies would be more adept at the fire laws and thus become stronger with it.

The second point was that it would definitely get one drunk!

Even the strong ones, be it knights or more, as long as they didn’t purposely wipe off the alcohol from within after finishing one cup, they would naturally get drunk. Once they awake from it, they would feel all headaches and troubles vanish after. To the strong, they favored this point even more mainly because it was extremely hard for such beings to even get drunk. It took endless wealth to achieve this effect.

Other than these two points.

There were many other abilities. One cup could make a normal person evolve into a universe level warrior, and drinking more would make him one with an extreme high level of understanding of the fire laws. Of course, no one would waste billions to hundreds of billions just to nurture a universe level warrior.

Even an undying wasn’t worth 1% of this one cup!

For this wine…Luo Feng had spent eighty billion!

“Your luck was good.” True Yan exclaimed. “The army system has many treasures within, as they are provided by the countless races. And many of them aren’t from the Hong alliance! Many are from the distant regions of the universe, and the treasures they provide form the true treasure trove of the army. There are many of other races… hence occasionally there would be special treasures. Only thing is they require contribution points to exchange for. Even if a powerful warrior discovered this bottle of wine, very few would actually exchange so much contribution points just for it. Hence you got it.”

“Right, there was only this one in the trove.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Even I cannot afford to drink too much of this, I’ll drink a little at a time.” True Yan’s eyes gleamed peculiarly. “I’ll bring some good brothers over and make them drunk.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh.

“What’s your plans on this return?” True Yan asked.

“I’m going to attempt the Primal sky mountain first.” Luo Feng said. “After that I’ll head out to explore some secret regions. Ah! Relax teacher, I’ll definitely head to those less dangerous ones. Not the renowned and risky ones, I know myself well.”

“That’s good.” True Yan relaxed. “Even so you still have to be careful. The secret regions will occasionally have dangers that exceed your imagination. They are after all special places. Their laws don’t always follow the rest of the universe.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded.

“I know your strength too, Blade River!” True Yan laughed as he said this. The name Blade River had indeed cause quite a storm in the outer region wars. He was extremely renowned now, and even within the emperors of humanity, he was one of the top.

Those stronger than Blade River are very few. Other than True Yan and Heavenly Feather and the other invincible emperors that had lived for trillions of years, other than that, there were none.

In terms of the younger generation.

Only Seven Blade and Meng Sui emperor and some others could compare.

“You have to keep your Blade River identity an absolute secret.” True Yan emphasized. “I dare to stay this here in Primal chaos city because, I’ve blocked off all scans here, and this is the territory of the city leader.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Hm, head over to the Primal sky mountain.” True Yan laughed. “It’s been a few thousand year. I often hear others discuss about how you haven’t done anything. It’s made many strong warriors unhappy, standing above others without strength, it’s natural they are unhappy about it.”

“When you finish the sky mountain, come drink with me!” True Yan hugged the bottle of Purple flame ape wine.

“Yes, I’ll head over now.” Luo Feng sat before him and closed his eyes, connecting to the virtual universe.”

“This punk sure is straightforward.” True Yan blinked.

Virtual universe, sky mountain.

The mountains beside stood taller than the other. When Luo Feng appeared, he flew towards the tallest of the three, the Primal sky mountain. As he was a primal region member, he naturally could attempt it.

…

At the foot of the majestic mountain, three silhouettes sat crossed legged, playing some unseen game.

“White ape, there’s someone.”

“Someone is here.”

“Quick, get up.”

The three silhouettes seemed rusty, as they stood up. The tall and sturdy bull man looked at Luo Feng, laughing immediately, “So it’s your majesty Luo Feng. Even though you are the disciple of the city leader, you are overconfident to attempt the sky mountain? You are only sector lord level!”

“Bull head, what are you saying, this is his majesty Luo Feng, what’s there he cannot do.” The ape man chimed in.

“Your majesty, are you going to begin?” The snake lady glanced at him, her gaze almost like water.

Luo Feng laughed, “This feels so familiar.”

“Familiar?” The three were stunned.

“I’m about to begin.” Luo Feng smiled and a shield appeared in his hand, it was the Beast god armament.

Fighting in the virtual universe, his tower pearl, the Sha Wu wings, the star map, everything was naturally gone. Even things that boosted his power like the general armor and general soul were gone. All he had was his normal sector lord body that was similar to all the sector lord geniuses, but the only difference was his willpower and consciousness strength!

Of course the Beast god armament was something he chose. The one he had now definitely wasn’t as good as the one in reality, but it was enough for a sector lord to use.

“Come.” The bull man waved his huge axe.

“Let’s see your strength.” The ape man’s gaze shot out like lightning.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, I feel sorry for you.” The snake lady’s formless soul attack had already begun.

Howl…

A Beast god projection appeared in mid air. A huge Beast god howled and rushed forward, tearing through the bullman, stomping on the ape man and whipping its tail at the snake lady.

The battle ended instantly.

He had passed the foot of the mountain.

“This part sure was easy.” He stepped forward. He had already forgotten that when he first became sector lord, he couldn’t even pass this level. However over his 7,000 plus years in the outer region wars, he had improved greatly.

…

The mid portion of the mountain was just as easy!

…

At the peak, he had a little trouble but with his powerful willpower, the moment he got serious, unleashing the strongest Tail whip from the Beast god allowed him to succeed.

“Congratulations your majesty Luo Feng, you’ve passed the sector lord primal sky mountain.”

“Any human able to pass this is definitely an absolute genius of ten million eras.”

“Only those able to pass this can be considered the most pinnacle of geniuses in the history of humanity.”

The three guards revived and were incredibly surprised and respectful towards Luo Feng.

Luo Feng stood at the peak, gazing at the vast land below. He could see the other two shorter mountains. As he stood there, thoughts filling his mind, the upper echelon of humanity had already gotten the news of him passing the sky mountain.

This piece of news was like a tornado, swiftly spreading.


Chapter 905: Gamble

Standing at the peak with the winds howling.

“I’m finally at the peak.” Luo Feng gazed down at the vast land below, thinking, “The sector lord primal sky mountain, this is a benchmark for countless geniuses in human history. Only after conquering it can one stand amongst these geniuses. I’m currently standing alongside the strongest of geniuses. However, a genius is just a genius, not a true strong warrior yet.”

“One day…”

“I will stand at the peak of the universe!”

Feeling his fighting spirit rush, he made a vow, back on earth when he was still weak he took on this path, for not only his family, but also for his dream! This warrior’s path, he had dreams and feelings for, it was impossible for anyone to take any path without such feelings.

Shua!

He vanished from the peak of sky mountain.

At the heavenly bridge, on the beautiful center island, the watchman Bevin stood there for trillions of years, guarding the front.

Shua.

Luo Feng appeared there, causing Bevin to immediately smile, “Your majesty Luo Feng, it’s been so long since I last saw you.”

“Haha, it has been long indeed. I missed you Bevin, hence I came again.” Luo Feng joked.

Bevin said curiously, “You seem very confident, which level are you aiming for this time?”

“To whichever I can, hopefully I get to fight the 21st level.” Luo Feng said.

“21st level?” Bevin was stunned, “You at least have to pass the 20th level first to do that, don’t tell me…”

Luo Feng smiled, “Is there anyone at the Nine universe bridge?”

“No.” Bevin said.

“Very good.”

Luo Feng smiled.

Sou!

He flew straight towards the Nine universe heavenly bridge. Bevin watched him go, as he muttered to himself, “That’s too much confidence. He’s only trained for so few years, yet he seems confident he can pass the 20th level, hm? There’s a mail? Ah, and not just one.”

Bevin opened his mail and got a huge shock!

“What, he passed the sector lord primal sky mountain!” Bevin stared wide eyed, turning back to face the Nine universe bridge, “Looks like he’ll really get to fight it out with the 21st level guardian.”

The upper echelon of the Virtual Universe Company were the first to know of such news.

Within Primal chaos city, amidst the primal chaos wastelands, the city leader exclaimed as he sat crossed legged. “Luo Feng’s improvement speed sure is fast, to be able to pass the sky mountain.” This was no surprise to him. Even though Luo Feng had mentioned before that he had the law comprehension to pass the 20th level.

But passing the 20th level of the bridge was only one prerequisite to passing the sky mountain, it wasn’t assured that he would definitely pass it! Because during battle, many other factors come into play, such as techniques, amplification, spirit energy, willpower etc!

“His success will definitely quell all earlier fights and competitions. They all said that Rong Jun had a limitless future, and that my disciple couldn’t compete with him. This time, they’ll definitely be speechless.” The city leader smiled and nodded.

…

Above Blood river continent, the powerful fortress Tian Shi palace that stood over the continent for countless ages.

This silhouette seemed to have countless illusions about. He was one that stood high in the Virtual Universe Company, with countless warriors respecting him, the Tian Shi palace leader. He laughed out loudly, resounding throughout the palace, causing all the sector lords and even undyings on the 1st and 2nd level to be shocked. They didn’t know why he was so happy.

“Good job!”

He gazed into the vast space, smiling, “The Huge Axe Dojo and Universe 1st bank punks, they all bet on Rong Jun! Back then I said Luo Feng was the one! Even when he was accepted as the Primal chaos city leader’s disciple, they still didn’t admit defeat! They even said that becoming a disciple only changed his status, and it didn’t mean he was stronger. Back then when Luo Feng passed the domain lord sky mountain, they didn’t care…thinking that it didn’t mean anything.”

“Now they definitely have to admit their defeat.”

“The sector lord primal sky mountain represents the strongest of geniuses! This means that his law comprehension is only one step away from the knight level. Even though Rong Jun’s improvement is extremely fast, compared to Luo Feng, it’s much slower.” The leader was incredibly gleeful.

Back then, the upper echelon of humanity, be it the Virtual Universe Company, the Huge Axe Dojo, the Universe 1st bank…all of them were debating about Luo Feng and Rong Jun.

How high were their perspectives? Even though Bolan’s initial talent far exceeded theirs, his weakness in character made it so that it would be hard for him to reach high, unless he fixed it. Luo Feng and Rong Jun were different, as Luo Feng had his terrifying willpower and mental state. Such a genius…even if he didn’t improve fast, he would constantly grow and finally become an absolute warrior.

As for Rong Jun, he was even more special!

The upper echelon of humanity were all placing bets on these two! Beings like the Tian shi palace leader, or even high universe masters, their bets would naturally be absurd. When Luo Feng returned from Blood river world back then, the leader couldn’t help but give him some pointers as well.

…

While the city leader and the Tian Shi palace leader were celebrating, some others were sighing in despair.

“We actually lost, Rong Jun cannot compare to this genius.”

“Rong Jun is too much of a disappointment.”

“We can’t blame him, Luo Feng’s improvement is just too crazy. We all knew that he would have high achievements, but we’d never expect him to improve this fast! In another million years, there’s no doubt Rong Jun would become an emperor pinnacle. He even has a certain possibility of becoming a knight.”

The beings all sighed.

…

The news of Luo Feng passing the sky mountain swiftly spread, shocking countless warriors, and making those that were unhappy before submit!

How could they not?

He had already conquered the highest benchmark of humanity’s geniuses…sector lord primal sky mountain! Every genius that did so…when they became undying, would become emperor limit, even maybe invincible emperor. Their chances of becoming a knight were extremely high as well.

Virtual universe Yu Xiang mountain, within a restaurant.

A white armored Bolan and a tall and sturdy Rong Jun walked together into the booth. There was already someone inside…Wu Ka!

“Haha, you’ve come. Sit, sit.” Wu Ka smiled.

The two of them sat down.

“You can all leave.” Wu Ka ordered the staff.

“Yes.”

The staff left respectfully out the door, leaving only these three behind.

“You all know about it?” Wuka helped to pour the wine.

“Hm.” Bolan nodded.

“I thought the distance had been shortened, who’d expect it to get even further.” Rong Jun’s voice was heavy. After close to 10,000 years, his energy had grown tremendously, and the overpowering energy emanated from his bones. This energy was one of solitude strength, yet it wasn’t detestable.

Wu Ka sighed, “Back then, we were the Absolute beginning brothers, you, me and Luo Feng. Luo Feng was the first to enter the primal region, and you too Rong Jun. Your improvement speed gets faster and faster. Back then as a domain lord primal region member, you were number one. With that you rose to sector lord and became a sector lord primal region member.”

Bolan and Rong Jun were both primal region sector lords!

Bolan had changed after his revision back then, he began to display his genius ability as a genius of 10,000 eras, improving at an incredible rate! Right now, he was already a sector lord!

As for Rong Jun.

He wasn’t too fast initially, however as they all grew, his speed grew faster and faster. Later on, he was even faster than Bolan! And his speed kept growing. It was so fast it left many stunned. Back then when Luo Feng had already become the disciple of the Primal chaos city leader, only thing was he hadn’t displayed any achievements since then.

Some had said that the most exceptional genius of this group should be Rong Jun!

Even though they were both primal region sector lords, should they have a qualification battle, Bolan would probably be knocked out into the absolute beginning region. Rong Jun however would still be able to stay within the primal region!

“Too fast, his improvement speed is too fast.” Rong Jun shook his head and sighed. “Over these 8,000 years, I thought the law comprehension would get harder towards the end, and that Luo Feng’s speed would definitely slow down. However…”

“To surpass him, there’s only one way.” Bolan said coldly.

Wuka and Rong Jun looked at him immediately.

Bolan said coldly, “Become a knight! Otherwise, we’ll always be below him!”

“Unless we become a knight, we will never surpass him.” Rong Jun nodded.

“We’ll work hard together.” Wuka lifted the wine glasses, “My aim is to become an emperor, you two will become knights, we’ll do it.”

“Work hard.”

“Work hard.”

Rong Jun and Bolan lifted their glasses.

The three of them toasted.

As they discussed, another piece of news came over.

“Hm?” The three of them read their mails.

“He’s passed the 20th level of the heavenly bridge?” The three exchanged glances before sighing. It was true, that Luo Feng passing the sky mountain meant that he had the ability to pass the 20th level of the heavenly bridge. However, to truly get the news, it still made them sigh, because…

From the 20th level to the 21st, there was just one step left.

Finishing this step meant he could become a knight!

…

Standing at the bridge amidst the darkness, there was only one winding bridge that extended far into the void. Luo Feng continued to fly along this void. He had just passed the 20th level and was heading to the 21st.

“The guardian of the 21st, he has the comprehension of a knight.”

“I want to see if a sector lord’s world energy will be able to fight against a knight’s law comprehension.” His eyes were filled with fighting spirit.


Chapter 906: 21st Level

Within the vast darkness, there was silence.

The bridge extended deep into the darkness. Luo Feng’s heart was cool and yet was burning with fighting spirit!

“The 21st guardian! Complete space laws!” Luo Feng thought.

Even an emperor pinnacle or limit or an invincible emperor, they were mostly stuck at the 20th level. While their talent and comprehension may not be that different, and they may have even more resources and treasures, however they were still all stuck at this point. Why? Because this last step was simply too hard!

True Yan, with his many techniques and resources could match even a knight, yet even he still couldn’t finish this step!

This one step…

Meant a step to heaven!

No matter how powerful an emperor is, he is but a strong warrior in the universe, as the knights were the true absolute beings! And the Tian Shi palace leader and Xi Luo Duo were absolute beings of the universe! As for the Primal chaos city leader and other such beings of that level etc…those were already pinnacle beings of the universe.

The 20th to the 21st level may seem like just one step, however, the difficulty of this one step was not lower than the 1st 20 levels combined!

Luo Feng slowed down, the end of the bridge was right before him. Located there was a 2m diameter ball that had caused the space around to tear. Large amounts of space fragments surrounded it.

“Every three levels of the heavenly bridge is a new environment. The 19th to the 21st was a black hole environment, and flying outside earlier allowed me to see the black hole.” Luo Feng looked at this ball. Since it was but a background image, he couldn’t feel any effects of the black hole gravity at all, and no light was being sucked in.

A true black hole was something that couldn’t be seen with the eyes. In the earth era, there were even debates about its existence.

However the universe had long made it clear.

It was a heavenly body that had been compressed to an ultra degree. This was much higher than a star or planet, it was a super evolution of a star in the universe, and it would swallow everything, including ships, stars, asteroids and so on, strengthening itself constantly.

Black holes could be separated into weak and strong ones too. The stronger ones had a greater area. Even a weaker black hole would require at least a knight to actually enter its core. The stronger ones were avoided even by knights.

“Pick your opponent. Fighter, Controller, Illusionist, pick one and if you defeat him, you will pass the 21st level and become a knight.” A voice resounded from within the black hole.

“Controller.” Luo Feng wielded the beast god armament, saying directly.

Hu…

A large black dot suddenly floated above, forming a human silhouette. He was covered in black armor and had a mask on. He carried a huge blade on his back, this huge blade was actually formed from a blur of fragments, it was some special spirit weapon.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, to meet a sector lord challenger is my honor.” The guardian stood above the black hole and floated.

“To battle against the 21st guardian is my honor too.” Luo Feng smiled too.

“I have to say, without completely comprehending the space laws, you will not pass my level.” The guardian was very graceful. “However, I will let you feel the strength of the complete space laws. After passing the previous levels, you should already know that I’m unable to use the beast god armament.”

“I know.” Luo Feng nodded.

Theoretically, choosing controller should result in the guardian using the same spirit weapon as himself. Back then when he used the Nan shen armament, it was a space type spirit weapon, mixed with gold laws. This was a mix of the laws, but not a fusion. The beast god armament however…was a fusion law weapon. This fusion made it so that it was no longer just a space or gold law weapon, but it was of a higher level, a fusion of the two laws.

“Your majesty, please make your move. Once I attack, you won’t have a chance.” The guardian laughed and seemed respectful.

“Then take my attack.” Luo Feng wasn’t arrogant at all.

Rumble!

The beast god armament immediately shot out fragments that were imbued with law engravings within, forming tens of thousands of threads that swiftly interweaved. Luo Feng stared at his opponent, his powerful willpower and world energy triggering the many fragments, after which a hundred meter long Beast god appeared.

Howl…

The Beast god became a beam of light and rushed at the guardian, as the surrounding space was torn apart.

“Seal!” The guardian pointed at the howling Beast god.

A powerful formless binding instantly descended. The Beast god that was rushing forward suddenly stopped, and Luo Feng floating who was in the distance was stuck too. The sealing power was strong, as even the Beast god was held back. Luo Feng was shocked in disbelief.

“The complete space laws’ power exceeds your imagination.” The guardian was very graceful. “You should feel proud that you managed to get to this level, however the complete space laws isn’t something you can…what!”

He looked shocked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng gaze was filled with madness. The veins on his face were twitching, almost like when he reached the limit of the life or death inheritance back then. Back when he attempted the Primal sky mountain, he had only unleashed his spirit energy amplification, and he didn’t even push his willpower to its limit.

But this time, he unleashed it!

Pushing his willpower and consciousness to their limit, the form he took when he was at his limit at the inheritance before.

“Tail whip! Break!!!” He howled. With his willpower as the commander and consciousness as the general, he controlled his world energy and poured his beast god presence that had been trained over countless years into the Beast god. At this point, the beast god projection seemed almost life like.

It didn’t even howl, simply whipping its tail strongly.

“Ge ge ge…” The space about trembled.

The Beast god’s tail seemed slow but it moved steadily. With rumbling all around, the sealed space was completely broken apart.

“Kill!” The graceful guardian before starred with ferocity. He was no longer graceful, as the huge blade on his back became countless gold lights and flew into the air, forming a huge arc blade. This arc blade slashed at Luo Feng, creating a huge tear in the space around it.

Luo Feng controlled the Beast god to defend.

“Chi chi chi!” Even though the speed was slow, the blade slashed past the entire Beast god, causing it to crumble. After which, its speed soared again. Luo Feng was unable to escape this slash, as it destroyed Luo Feng’s life core.

Luo Feng fell.

Failure!

Watching him vanish, the guardian’s eyes once again regained its calm from before, he said softly, “What terrifying willpower, to actually force me to use my kill technique. Even the knights that have passed the 21st level, when they were knights, very few had willpower like that, and he’s only a sector lord…”

…

In the center region of the heavenly bridge, watchman Bevin watched Luo Feng’s battle on a screen that floated before him. He had originally wanted to smile and joke about with Luo Feng, as this was something he found interesting. However, his expression changed very quickly.

“Seal, he actually broke through the seal?”

“He forced the guardian to use his kill technique?” Watchman Bevin was stunned, and his mouth opened wide.

All the space guardians, even though they may use different weapons, they all still had three moves, Seal, Kill and Teleport. These were the evolution of the normal moves of the space laws, and they were very powerful. Amongst which, Kill was the one with the highest offensive ability.

And Seal was normally used on weaker opponents. Only when they met opponents that were hard to deal with would they be forced to use Kill! Meeting an opponent of the same level, they would be forced to use all three moves together.

Primal chaos city, True Yan’s quarters.

True Yan sat silently in his yard, facing Luo Feng who finally opened his eyes.

“Haha, Luo Feng, congratulations on passing the Primal sky mountain and the 20th level of the heavenly bridge.” True Yan hugged the bottle of purple flame ape wine. “I still thought you’d stop right after the sky mountain. I didn’t expect you to go attempt the heavenly bridge. The 21st guardian is very powerful eh.”

“Hm, he is very strong indeed, Seal alone was absurd.”

Luo Feng nodded. With just Seal alone, if his willpower was any weaker, or he didn’t have the 32 times spirit energy amplification, he wouldn’t even have been able to breakthrough. It was obvious that the 21st level was hundreds to thousands of times harder than the 20th level!

“Of course it’s strong.” True Yan laughed. “Our space law techniques can be split into Teleport, Kill and Bind. These are the three distinctions, and as we have to train them individually, it takes an extremely long time. And the three combined form the complete space laws. Only when they are fully combined will they be complete! The difference in power is huge, a complete space law Seal…that’s the true Seal! The knights can easily use it on the normal undyings.”

“In all, simply comprehending one side of it compared to the entire complete thing, has a difference of thousands of times.”

“Just like the god body!”

“Our human emperors, along with their comprehension of the laws, the amount of stable god energy we can condense is only 100,000 times that of sector lord energy. However, the moment we become a knight, using the complete space laws, the god body condensed from that far exceeds ours. Just that difference, with the difference in law comprehension, soul amplification, genetic evolution and god body amplification, treasures, techniques…will naturally be much stronger than us emperors, creating a huge difference in levels altogether.”

“Of course some special beings like Seven Blade, and me, with true treasures, we can exceed normal knights. With our created techniques and special encounters, only because of these, I have the right to be considered an invincible emperor, who is able to flee from knights. However, that’s only for surviving.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Comprehension at the 20th level was still fragmented, but the complete space laws were much more powerful.

“Don’t worry about these. In just a short 10,000 years, you’ve already created a name comparable to Seven Blade, and are very close to me. You are impressive enough. If you go out and listen, you will realize that right now everyone in Primal chaos city should all be discussing you.” True Yan laughed. “Who cares what goes on outside, your job now is to drink with me and celebrate.”

“No one can drag me away, I’ll drink with you, give me more.” Luo Feng said.

True Yan stared and hugged the wine, “One cup is enough to get drunk, yet you want to drink more. Let’s slowly savor it.”

“I understand” Luo Feng smiled.

At this time…

Ambition, law comprehension, techniques, and everything else was tossed aside. All he wanted to do was to relax and drink until he was drunk.


Chapter 907: Devil Hand Emperor

Luo Feng lay in his bed and opened his eyes, after which he sat up. Shaking his head, he laughed, “The feeling of getting drunk sure is wonderful, it’s a rare thing to enjoy.” He pushed open the door and walked out. This was a yard within True Yan’s residence, he had drunk with his teacher before and got drunk from just one cup.

His fighting spirit soared!

The winds blew as he looked up at the visible laws that revolved in the skies.

“I feel clarity like never before, and all my troubles gone. Even though frequently getting drunk would make one troubled and eat away at one’s willpower, to the strong, occasionally enjoying it once in awhile is a form of release.” Luo Feng walked out of the yard and walked about True Yan’s residence, meeting the many disciples in name and true disciples, chatting with them for awhile.

He simultaneously sent a thread of consciousness into the virtual universe to begin his business.

Yu Xiang mountain, Luo Feng’s villa.

“Before I head to Ice hell star, I better prepare well.” Luo Feng sat at his desk and pondered.

There were a total of five books to the Nine volume manual, and he had already acquired two of them. The other three were in three separate secret regions.

According to the guidance he got, at sector lord level, he could go get the first one, and the first one was in a distant secret region, within Ice Hell star. From the information his teacher had given him, he knew just how dangerous this place was.

It was a given, this was a test the Sitting mountain guest gave to his disciples. As he was clear on all his trump cards, the test given would naturally push him to his limits. Without ample preparation, how could he recklessly enter the area?

“The entire outer region wars trip.”

“The hunt in star tower had forty six battles! I got a total of 2.86 trillion mixed elements worth of treasures. I also got the Separation tower, Ice net and Ancient clock true treasures.” He thought. Among these three treasures, the Separation tower was worth the least. The other two both exceeded at least his 2.86 trillion.

Cash was important to emperors.

However to the knights, they mostly bartered with treasures! There were few treasures that could be purchase with cash that were actually useful to them, they required extremely rare items.

“I cannot sell the three treasures, since it would be hard to buy them back.”

“The others are worth 2.86 trillion. Along with the over 300 billion contribution points, and the 100 billion points from the Primal sky mountain.”

“How should I use it?”

Luo Feng pondered.

Without a doubt, he had to increase his own strength. Next, he had to leave some trump cards for his family, and lastly, he had to strengthen his little team of warriors. He had a total of thirteen warriors under him now! If they weren’t emperor limits, they were emperor pinnacle soul masters, and every one of them needed strengthening.

For example, giving all the pinnacle emperors a plant life form? However, Luo Feng couldn’t afford something like this. The number may seem like a lot, but the true treasures were much more expensive than this.

…

As he pondered, Babata shouted on his shoulder, “Luo Feng, there’s a mail. It’s from the Primal chaos city leader.”

“The city leader?” Luo Feng was shocked, immediately tapping the air, a screen appeared and the mail showed before him. Luo Feng tapped one more time and read the mail.

The details were quite long.

The gist of it was, “You cannot reveal the secret of Blade River emperor. Back then the 108 managers of the Hong Alliance may have formally invited you into the alliance, but none of them had the rights to view your footage. Hence, no one knew…that you are Blade River. Even though you could enter the alliance as Blade River later on, this didn’t prove that you were Blade River.

Because the alliance has a practice.

Any emperor can be invited straight into the alliance without the managers having a discussion. Only certain special additions require that.

Even the 108 managers, they probably all thought Blade River was another emperor being invited in.

The member identities of the alliance were all kept secret, as the 108 managers couldn’t get detailed information. Especially the strong human warriors, the shrine leaders of the other races will never be able to get the secret information of humanity, only the human shrine leaders can see them.

Hence…

Since you passed the sector lord Primal sky mountain, you can enter the alliance immediately! I will arrange a special location for you within. Everytime you enter the alliance…you can pick whether you will enter as Blade River into your little district or as Luo Feng in the new place.

As for the Luo Feng identity, you have extremely high status and privileges. As long as you don’t make a mistake, the Hong alliance will never reveal your identity.

You have to remember, you cannot reveal your identity as Blade River for now!

…

The details of the mail were pretty long, of which the warning was severe. It was clear that Blade River’s accomplishments had indeed shocked the city leader. For a sector lord to do so much, if the other races knew about it, they definitely wouldn’t believe that he had no special encounters, even the city leader wouldn’t believe him!

He was set to become one of the greatest warriors, the other races would definitely be willing to pay a huge price to kill him!

That would be troublesome.

“I’ll have two identities from now on, Blade River and Luo Feng.” He laughed at the mail.

“You should be proud, the city leader personally arranged for you to have two identities in the Hong alliance.” The fist sized Babata on his shoulder shouted loudly. “Your Blade River identity is afterall shocking, as you true strength far exceeds many emperor limits. It’s even close to Seven Blade and Life Fall. Back then when I followed your teacher around the universe, we respected such warriors as you, and we didn’t dare offend such warriors.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Hu Yan Bo? He couldn’t help recall, Hu Yan Bo was killed back then by an undying that was barely an emperor. He had remembered that he had to help him take revenge, to repay him for the inheritance. Hu Yan Bo had after all given him huge help initially. Without it, he may have still had the chance to become an absolute warrior, but the path would have been completely different.

“Babata, back then, who killed the master of the Yun Mo planet.” Luo Feng asked, “You didn’t want to say back then, now I’m sure you can tell me.”

“Luo Feng, are you going to take revenge for the master?” Babata was very excited.

“Hm.”

Luo Feng nodded, “After I’ve made preparations with the treasures in Primal chaos city, I will visit my home. Once that’s done, I’ll head to Ice Hell star. Along the way…I’ll go take revenge for the old master.”

“Haha, if you go now, it’ll be extremely easy.” Babata said, “Back then the murderer was a low emperor soul master, he’s called Suo Luo Pu, or Devil Hand emperor, as for his strength now, I’m not too sure. Only a few tens of thousands of years have passed, he shouldn’t have grown too much.”

“Devil hand, Suo Luo Pu?” Luo Feng muttered, he had never heard of this name before.

“One thing at a time.”

“I’ll first head to Hong alliance city and sell and buy items. After that, I’ll research about him.” Even though he couldn’t care less about a low emperor, he still had to study his enemy well enough, to prevent allowing him to escape later on.

Virtual universe, Hong alliance city.

There were many small districts within the city, and every one with at most 10,000 residence. Even though the spaces were separated fairly, as long as one had power, there would never be absolute fairness. Some small districts had True Yan, Heavenly Feather, Seven Blade, such beings. The price and value of these districts would soar, afterall, to be able to get close to such beings allowed people to become friends with them easier.

“This is my new district?” Luo Feng walked out from the stairs and looked outside.

“Luo Feng.”

“How do you do, your majesty Luo Feng.” two calls resounded.

Luo Feng turned to look. One human and another race warrior walked side by side. The human had short blue hair, and his eyes were blue too. He was dressed in a simple armor, and his face had unsteady blue engravings, his smile was friendly.

“You are…Dream Fire emperor?” Luo Feng was stunned. He had checked up on some absolute beings of humanity. Even though there was only a small amount of information online, it all came with pictures and footage.

“Your teacher True Yan was in this district back then too, now he’s in the inner city.” He smiled.

“Your majesty Luo Feng, this is one of the top three districts of the Hong alliance city, the strongest emperors are all here.” The other race warrior who was beside him spoke. Dream Fire introduced, “This is Nan Shi emperor of the Tuo Ma race. He’s the most exceptional emperor of the younger generation in his race.”

Nan Shi emperor said, “That’s too much, to compliment me before his majesty, I’m ashamed.”

Luo Feng looked carefully at Nan Shi, as he had definitely heard of him before. The two may not be the same race, but they were on good terms and were life or death brothers. They often explored together! Dream Fire was simple and honest and hardly used power to pressure others, and it wasn’t easy to enrage him. But Nan Shi was the opposite. He may seem simple too, in truth, he was ferocious, at least hundreds of times stronger than Life Fall or Black Tomb. His reputation was built from massacre.

“Such a bloodthirsty fellow actually looks that simple.” Luo Feng thought. “You really cannot judge a book by its cover, one is so friendly while the other is ferocious, yet they are life or death partners, how interesting.”

“This little district…looks like there are truly many powerful warriors.” Luo Feng thought.

…

He walked about the district, the number of absolute beings far exceeded that of Blade River’s district. It had a total of over 8,000 warriors, with close to 1,000 emperor limits, and there were quite a few other terrifying beings like Dream Fire and Nan Shi and so on.

Luo Feng’s name was huge now. Anyone able to pass the Primal sky mountain was set to become a terrifying being.

Even Dream Fire and Nan Shi were that courteous to him, much less the other emperors.

Luo Feng browsed the entire street and got familiar with it. Once others had known that Luo Feng was in this district…he returned to his own villa on Yu Xiang mountain, beginning to plan what to do with the spoils of his battles.


Chapter 908: Back To Earth

After staying in Primal chaos city for over a month, he kept only a few of the treasures from the battles, like some items that were good for recovery of the undying bodies etc. Many of the warriors he killed had such items, he naturally kept them, along with three top class ships.

He sold everything else and begun his huge spending spree, to buy for his team, his family, himself, until there was only about 100 billion left. Only then did he leave Primal chaos city happily.

Solar system, a majestic palace was floating in space protecting earth, this palace far exceeded the size of earth.

Within its first level.

There was a fixed pathway that connected the Virtual Universe Company camp along with the Huge Axe camp, The Universe 1st bank, Universe Galaxy bank and the Universe Mercenary Alliance.

Hua…one of the pathways lit up with light.

“Someone’s coming.”

“Someone from the Virtual Universe Company is coming.” The guard team of ten sector lord were all respectful. Anyone able to take this pathway would either have to be extremely strong or had high status. They all looked on curiously at a black armored youth that walked out alone.

“It’s his majesty Luo Feng.” The sector lords immediately recognized him. Half of the rights of earth belonged to him, how could they not recognize him?

“Your majesty.”

They all bowed respectfully.

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded and glanced at them. “You’ve stood guard over the solar system for 10,000 years, has there been anything special?”

“Nothing, everything is normal.” The leading sector lord replied respectfully.

Luo Feng nodded and teleported, vanishing from sight.

“Teleportation!”

“Wa, only sector lord and yet he can teleport, he is truly too impressive.”

“Don’t you know, he just passed the sector lord Primal sky mountain. I heard that any one who passes that would have 100 billion points in reward.”

“100 billion!”

“I haven’t even got 100 mixed elements yet.” The group was all stunned. Even though these sector lords that were within the five leviathans were much better off than the lone wolves, their wealth was still pitiful. Compared to an absolute warrior like Luo Feng, easily spending over two trillion mixed elements before, normal sector lords were nothing but ants to him, he could easily kill them.

…

In the space above earth.

“Hu!” Luo Feng appeared, turning to look at the majestic palace in the solar system, he sighed.

After which he rushed into the atmosphere.

“This is earth, this is earth, invader, please identify yourself.” A little ship suddenly appeared within the atmosphere. He sent out sharp ripples that pierced through his earths, using universe language.

“What’s going on?” Luo Feng frowned, after which he used world energy to swiftly check, covering the entire earth. There were many little such ships hidden throughout the entire earth. Also, above the atlantic ocean, pacific etc many luxurious floating palaces stood there. In them all sorts of races, winged humans, ape man etc all lived.

“It’s changed.” Luo Feng was stunned.

“When I become a true power, I will definitely take the earth back.” Luo Feng thought, “Even if I have to pay a huge price, it’d be worth it.”

“Please identify yourself.” The little ship continued.

Luo Feng frowned and glanced at it, roaring, “Get lost!” his voice shot out like a shockwave, instantly destroying the ship and leaving it in fragments.

“I know you can see me!” Luo Feng stood there and said coldly, “But remember this, this is earth and we own half of it, I, Luo Feng coming to earth…is not for you to supervise! This will never happen again!”

Sou!

He rushed down.

Earth, within a huge floating city, lived hundreds of millions of residents, within a particular skyscraper.

This was the headquarters of the immigrants, within a control room stood two middle aged men and a lady. They all watched the screen, on it displayed Luo Feng speaking in mid air.

“That Luo feng sure is arrogant.” The green armored winged man said coldly, “What’s his deal, he is only a disciple of the Primal chaos city leader. Doesn’t he know that those that have moved here are under the Huge Axe dojo, and Virtual Universe Company’s people too? And many have universe masters behind them?”

Earth was a special nurturing basket, each slot to move here was extremely expensive.

Many universe masters had paid the price to let their elites come here, and the status required to get here was extremely high.

“Control yourself!” Another four armed middle aged man said, “Luo Feng is the disciple of the city leader, he’s not someone you can mess with, and he just passed the Primal sky mountain. He may become a knight eventually! Even though those that come here have huge backgrounds, backgrounds are after all just that, it doesn’t represent their own strength. When Luo Feng becomes a knight, do you think you can even withstand his blows?”

“I’m afterall still an emperor! At least right now, I can still deal with him.” The green armored man said coldly.

“Shut up.” The lady ordered, “There are strict orders that forbid challenging Luo Feng.”

“Hmph!”

The green armored man looked through the glass at the ocean below, “Such a beautiful planet, yet it’s owned by rubbish! Our Huge Axe dojo hasn’t been firm enough. We should have assassinated that Luo Feng back then, then the earth would be ours…”

“Shut up.” The lady ordered.

“If you wish to die, don’t drag me along.” The other four armed man turned and left.

Asian, Yang Zhou city, Luo Feng’s residence.

This residence had a history of over 10,000 years, it was steep in meaning and culture. Ever since it received news of Luo Feng returning, the upper echelon and elites all rushed back, all wanting to see the family leader Luo Feng.

…

“I didn’t expect that the house I lived in back then is still doing well. Look, this was the layout back then, even now, it’s still the same.” Luo Feng walked with his wife and two sons along.

“We kept it this way over the 10,000 years. Of course it’s still like that.” Xu Xin joked.

Luo Ping laughed along too, only Luo Hai’s expression wasn’t too happy.

“Luo Hai.” Luo Feng looked at his son.

“Dad.” He replied.

“What’s the matter?” Luo Feng asked.

“No, it’s just the return to earth that pissed me off.” Luo Hai said unhappily. Beside him Xu Xin frowned at him, silencing him.

“Speak.” Luo Feng said directly, he had somewhat guessed.

“It’s those immigrants!” He raged, “When I returned, I took my ship directly into earth from space, they actually stopped me. I still went along with them initially, who’d expect them to take me to their floating city and lock me in there for half a day. Only later on did someone come tell me saying it was a mistake, this was obviously all part of their plan.

“That is considered ok.” Luo Ping sighed. “Brother, you’ve been staying here all this while, you know little about the family matters, during the later parts of when dad vanished for over 6,000 years, this wasn’t our earth at all. It was purely the territory of the immigrants, they all came over to our land like we were some goods, all acting arrogant, not showing us any respect.”

“Which one of us would dare mess with them?”

“No one, we could only swallow our pride!”

“However despite all this, they still haven’t dared to chase us away.” Luo Ping sighed.

“Chase you all away?” Luo Feng’s expression changed. Back then he had signed a deal with the Virtual Universe Company. It stated clearly that the floating immigrants couldn’t disrupt the lives of the humans of earth, now it was extensive bullying.

“Dad, the deal you signed before told us that too.” Luo Ping shook his head. “But it’s useless. Despite all that, they are still arrogant and brash, bullying us earthlings. But they all say…they are only making friends with us, not disrupting our lives, what can we do? It’s hard to clarify such matters.”

Luo Feng’s expression was ugly.

He was indeed offended when he returned this time. It was obvious that the group of immigrants were incredibly arrogant, to act like that towards him, much less the others.

“Luo Feng.” Xu Xin said softly, “These immigrants all have huge backgrounds, they are involved with the super families of the universe. I heard that many are straight from the upper echelon of the Huge Axe dojo and Virtual Universe Company.”

“Hmph.”

Luo Feng raged. Back then the huge axe founder had found the special qualities of earth, the pinnacle beings and the super families sending their elites was totally understandable. These elites were naturally proud. With such huge backgrounds, they obviously believed, “Would one Luo Feng dare offend so many of us?”

“Luo Feng, calm down.” Xu Xin said.

“Relax, I won’t go crazy.” Many thoughts flashed through his mind.

“Dad, since you passed the Primal sky mountain, they’ve actually controlled themselves a little, it’s not too overboard.” Luo Ping said.

“What do you mean not too overboard! They have no right to bully us!” Luo Feng frowned. Even though he was incredibly enraged within, at this time…he hadn’t found the right solution to deal with the problem.


Chapter 909: One Order

“Go back and rest, let me think.” Luo Feng said.

Luo Ping and Luo Hai exchanged glances and left, leaving Xu Xin with Luo Feng.

…

As they walked away, Luo Ping couldn’t help but say, “Brother, why’d you tell dad about this. He just passed his life or death inheritance and got back safely, yet you spoke of such matters. Wouldn’t that completely endanger him? Don’t you know how terrifying the backgrounds of these immigrants are?”

“I, I…I just couldn’t take it anymore.” Luo Hai said weakly.

“Can’t take it? How many times have you returned over the years, you’ve been exploring the universe for so long and you are now a sector lord. With the many treasures and techniques dad prepared for you…you yourself are powerful. Also, for your safety, mum even prepared an undying plant life form for you, not mentioning your strength, with just your statues, which warrior would dare mess with you? You’ve gotten so used to having it your way, you haven’t suffered before!”

“But dad is different from you.”

“He is the pillar of our Luo family, he is the pillar of earth! The stronger he grows, the more jealousy will occur. He’s been eyed by the many other races of the universe, and all of them want to kill him. His exploring of the universe is constantly met with life or death situations! Can’t you let him relax when he returns? It’s just some bullying? Those of us here being bullied have just endured it. As long as dad keeps getting stronger, they would naturally lose their guts. When he passed the Primal sky mountain, they’ve already controlled themselves quite a bit. Just bear with it, until dad becomes an absolute being of the universe…then all these will vanish.” Luo Ping looked at his younger brother. “As his family members, we shouldn’t trouble him, dad is tired enough.”

“Hm.” Luo Hai was regretful, “I, I just couldn’t stand it…”

“Who can.”

Luo Ping shook his head, “The world runs this way, whoever’s fist is bigger is stronger! Those immigrants…many have terrifying backgrounds. I heard that they are linked straight to the upper echelons of the Virtual Universe Company and the Huge Axe dojo! The upper echelon! Which one of those princes would even consider us? They are only wary of dad.”

“Hm.” Luo Hai nodded.

“Just wait until dad becomes an absolute being, then they will all obediently follow.” Luo Ping sighed, he didn’t wish for their father to do something now.

The saying went as such, the king of hell was easier to deal with than an imp.

The powerful great beings have lived for eternity, their families stretching over millions of eras. As for their later generations, how many of them have personally seen the founders of their family? The universe masters? Even though they haven’t seen them, the pride in their bones was ingrained. Just like how the Luo family had Luo Feng, they all exuded pride and were proud of him.

And the founders of these families were all universe masters, it was easy to imagine their pride.

And on earth, these princes formed a huge group!

Pacific ocean, within the huge floating city.

“What’s that Luo Feng’s deal!” The winged green man sat in his throne, rubbing the seat rest as his eyes gleamed fiercely.

“Master don’t be angry.” A simple robed lady with purple hair smiled and walked over. “He is the disciple of the Primal chaos city leader, it’s natural that he’s proud. However, no matter how proud he is, he cannot do a thing against us. The immigrants of the floating city here come from the five leviathans. With many the disciples of universe masters’ families, even though they are but the later generations, they still aren’t people Luo Feng can deal with.”

“Hm.”

Only then did the man reveal a smile. With a wave, the purple haired lady flew over and landed in his lap, they were about to engage in intimacy right there.

Suddenly, a voice resounded, “Jie Li emperor!”

“Hm?” The green armored man frowned and looked outside, hugging the lady. He was dissatisfied, “Feng Chen emperor, what’s the matter?”

A four armed man walked into the hall, his voice booming, “Jie Li, no matter what, Luo Feng is still part of our Virtual Universe Company, and he’s the disciple of the Primal chaos city leader. Don’t go overboard, if things get messy, will you be able to deal with it?”

“I don’t believe he dares mess with me!” Jie Li stood up fiercely.

“Hmph.”

Feng Chen looked coldly at him, “Jie Li, be clear on this, even though you are the later generation of a universe master, your family has been around for trillions of years. The members have reached countless numbers, even though we are emperors, and we are the elites of the family, however the true elites…wouldn’t have been arranged to earth to protect a group of infants.”

Jie Li was about to interrupt.

“Let me ask you, have you seen the founder Void gold master before?” Feng Chen asked.

Jie Li’s expression was ugly.

“Even I haven’t seen him before.” Feng Chen sighed. “To the universe masters, the Zi Si family has countless people within, what are we? It’s better to stay low profile.”

“However, you have to see who’s dog you are beating. The immigrants here are all considered elites from the many universe masters, nobody would dare mess with us.” Feng Chen said. “But you shouldn’t get too arrogant, treating the earth humans one way is ok, but to Luo Feng, you’d still have to show him some respect. That challenge earlier wasn’t worth it at all…who doesn’t know his appearance? Yet you still purposely made him identify himself, he would easily see through this.”

“Enough.”

Jie Li’s expression was ugly, “It’s just one Luo Feng? He’s only a sector lord now, I don’t believe he’d get much stronger anyway! Do you think becoming strong is that easy? Every step is filled with danger, the better he performs, the more the other races would want to kill him! Not just the dangers…just the law comprehension required to become a knight is incredibly tough! Even the group of disciples under the Primal chaos city leader, even a bunch of them haven’t become knights!”

“Don’t bug me…it’s only because that Luo Feng is part of the Virtual Universe Company just like you, that’s why you are helping him by speaking for him.”

“Hmph.” Feng Chen’s expression changed and he left immediately.

Jie Li watched the scene and snorted coldly.

“Proud earthling.” Jie Li looked out at the vast space, gazing at the earthlings below. “Even if you have Luo Feng behind you, that cannot change your low bloodline. When he falls, I want to see your look of despair. When that happens…I’ll make sure you all leave earth!”

“Luo Feng?”

“Let’s see how long you can stay proud.” He was filled with anger within. Since he was not respected within his family, his hatred and dissatisfaction brewed…and Luo Feng was a shining star, compared to him. He naturally couldn’t stand it, and he wished to see Luo Feng’s look of despair.

Virtual universe, Chaos energy engulfed the palace at the peak of thunder island.

Luo Feng entered respectfully.

“Teacher.” He bowed respectfully.

“Is something the matter?” The city leader’s voice resounded.

“I have a favor to ask of teacher.” Luo Feng replied respectfully.

A silhouette walked out from the energies, a gold robed city leader said, “You experienced quite a lot of danger in the outer region wars, yet you’ve never come to see me. You are naturally not the type to ask for help, speak…what’s the matter?” The city leader had indeed favored Luo Feng a lot more now. Ever since he displayed his strength, to so easily kill emperor limits, even matching Black Ti.

It made the city leader realize…

This disciple of his was still hiding other things! Otherwise, no matter how talented a sector lord was, even with the general armor, even with law comprehension reaching the 20th level, he still wouldn’t be able to kill an emperor limit so easily! Much less exchange blows with Black Ti. He wasn’t bothered about his disciple hiding things from him, as everyone had their own secrets. He understood that there were some things he didn’t wish to share.

He also realized that Luo Feng’s future achievements would be shocking, hence he personally cleaned up the mess and gave him another identity of Blade River.

“It’s like this, when I returned to earth, there were many things that happened. I realized…that the other immigrants have created trouble for our earth humans.” Luo Feng said respectfully. “I had no other way, hence I came to seek your help.”

He had come to seek his help.

He said it blatantly, the city leader, with his status, wouldn’t get angry about this. If Luo Feng had to beat about the bush, that would in fact irritate him.

“Such a small matter…right, the immigrants come from many powerful families, you better not mess with them. I’ll give out an order.” The city leader nodded, “I know you value your family and fellow earth humans, I will settle these things for you. Don’t bother about such matters…what you need to do is become strong!”

“Yes teacher, I will do my best.” Luo Feng was gleeful, as his teacher’s response was simple and straight to the point.

“Go on.” The city leader nodded.

Luo Feng bowed respectfully and left.

The city leader smiled as he watched his disciple leave. He had never come to ask for help before, and yet now when he did, it was over such a small matter.

“Caring for his fellow humans and family, such character…as long as humanity treats him well, he will naturally fight to the death for us.” The city leader nodded. There were several traitorous warriors of humanity. The moment they got strong, they wouldn’t even care about their own race’s safety.

Just like how Yan Di, the leader of the Yan Shen race was originally from humanity, however he chose to leave humanity with his race and become his own power. This had enraged many pinnacle beings of humanity, but Yan Di’s power was huge, and he had the great being behind him, hence they could only bear with it.

…

Half a day later, an order was passed on to the palace guarding earth, and to the managements within the immigrants and the earth humans.

The order was very simple…

It stated that no immigrant was to set foot or fly over the earth territories, and no earth human was to set foot or fly over the floating cities territories, anyone that went against it…were to be killed!

“What!” The green armored youth who was fooling around with the girl howled when he got the order.


Chapter 910: 1,000 Vine Star Eating Plant

“Who, who gave this order?” Jie Li emperor was angry. “I will definitely report this to the upper echelon of the Huge Axe dojo!”

The order seemed to apply to both sides, however in truth, it was mainly to protect the earth humans more.

As the immigrants all had huge authority and backgrounds, they often headed to the continents to explore, who’d dare resist them if they bullied the humans there? And there were many powerful warriors amongst them, domain lord guards and sector lord guards were common. As for the earth human strength, how weak were they?

In contrast, the earth humans didn’t dare step into the sea regions at all, not invading the immigrants’ space, or the little ships they controlled would swiftly appear and capture them!

In all, the situation was that despite staying within their territory, the earth humans still had to suffer humiliation from the immigrants.

…

The three emperor managers of the immigrants gathered. Feng Chen from the Virtual Universe Company, Jie Li from the Huge Axe dojo and the lady Huang Shi emperor who represented the 1st bank, Galaxy bank and The Mercenary alliance. In terms of strength, she was the strongest, as she was a emperor pinnacle.

The other two were quite a bit weaker.

“This is too much. How can he do this, who gave this order. Did they discuss with any of my Huge Axe Dojo upper echelon? I will report this, definitely!” Jie Li howled.

“Report, go on, this is from the Primal chaos city leader.” Feng Chen said casually.

Jie Li could only stare wide eyed, “Primal, primal…”

Huang Shi was shocked too.

“There’s no mistake.” Feng chen nodded, “He gave the order personally.”

“It must be Luo Feng, that despicable Luo Feng.” Jie Li gritted his teeth. He felt even more jealous now. He had reached emperor level and yet he never got the chance to meet his family leader Void Gold master, Luo Feng however was able to easily get the city leader to give such an order, how big was their difference?

“Of course it’s Luo Feng, but what can you do?” Feng Chen looked at him.

Jie Li gritted his teeth, he couldn’t think of anything.

As Luo Feng had signed an agreement with the Virtual Universe Company back then with the Virtual Universe Company as the main controller, and not the Huge Axe dojo. The Huge Axe dojo had to pay a huge price to be able to send a large amount of young warriors over. In truth, everything was left to the Virtual Universe Company to manage.

The Primal chaos city leader was the number one person in the company! He was the biggest power in the entire company! Who would go against his order?

Jie Li gritted his teeth, “This order…every order will always have a loophole…”

Suddenly…

An incredibly terrifying energy spread throughout earth, engulfing the entire planet. Whether it was Asia or Europe etc, even the Atlantic or pacific floating cities, everyone could feel the terrifying energies.

“Look.”

“What’s going on?”

“Who is it?” The three emperors flashed to the air above their floating city, gazing about. With their vision, they could easily see thousands of km away.

“That is…”

The three of them were all stunned.

A majestic vine plant had risen from the continent of earth, each continent have many vines. Its height…pierced right through the atmosphere, tens of thousands of km high. The three emperors easily saw hundreds of vines.

“Star eating plant!”

“Undying star eating plant!” Huang Shi was shocked, “Every vine has the same energy, they are from the same undying plant.”

“Check how many vines it has!” Feng Chen said.

“1,000!” Jie Li’s voice was tiny.

“A 1,000 vine star eating plant, just who is that wealthy? Nurturing such a plant would require hundreds of billions of mixed elements!” Huang Shi’s eyes were filled with disbelief. “Is it Luo Feng? Is he that rich? Even passing the Primal sky mountain would only give him 100 billion points, it’s not enough for this at all.”

“Of course the Primal chaos city leader gave him this, do you think his pitiful wealth would be enough?” Jie Li said coldly.

Even though the 1,000 vine star eating plant was emperor pinnacle, plant life forms were special. Its sturdiness could compare to a human emperor limit warrior!

And its huge form…even against a human emperor limit warrior, it would still have the advantage. Its life energy was much stronger too, even a strongest flame god crystal wouldn’t destroy it. 1,000 vines could easily spread over 1 million km, the flame crystal would only have a small area of destruction.

“The Virtual Universe Company has ordered!”

A cold voice resounded throughout the entire earth, within every earth human and immigrants’ ears, “From now on, no immigrant is allowed to enter the land regions, and no earth human is allowed to enter the ocean or floating city regions. Anyone who goes against this…will die! This is an undying 1,000 vine star eating plant, and it will guard the borders of the continents. It’s main job is to guard, whether it’s earth humans or immigrants, anyone who goes against the rule will be killed!”

His voice lingered for a long time.

All the humans of earth, whether it was the earth humans or the immigrants, everyone was in uproar.

The earth humans couldn’t stop cheering.

“Haha, those despicable immigrants won’t come here again.”

“This is great.”

“Who’s voice was that? To actually arrange an undying to guard us?”

“Stupid, who else can help us, it must be Luo Feng.”

…

As they cheered, the immigrants were all raging.

“Who gave this order, forbidding us from entering the continents? We’ve never heard of such a rule before.”

“Who gave the order.”

“What guts, even if the upper echelon gave the order, to actually use a 1,000 vine star eating plant to threaten us, he must be too arrogant. This is a threat to our lives!”

As both sides were in uproar, Jie Li, Feng Chen and Huang Shi all flew to the edge of the Asian continent, Luo Feng flew there too and they exchanged glances.

“Your majesty Luo Feng.” Feng Chen said courteously.

“Feng Chen.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded, he recognized him.

“Luo Feng, even if the city leader gave the order, you cannot place a 1,000 vine star eating plant there.” Jie Li howled. “This is a threat to all immigrants, we will follow the order of the city leader, but you have to take the plant away.”

Luo Feng looked at him coldly and smiled at Feng chen and Huang Shi, “You two, we will chat in the Hong alliance soon, I’ll be taking my leave.”

Feng Chen and Huang Shi nodded.

“Stay there.” Jie Li shouted.

Luo Feng turned and vanished, leaving a cold voice, “Idiot!”

Jie Li’s face was flushed red. Beside him the other two looked at his stupid expression. In their eyes, Jie Li was an idiot, just who was Luo Feng? This was the disciple of the city leader, Jie Li was but a later generation disciple of a family, he hadn’t even met Void gold master before.

The two of them had completely different levels of authority.

And he still yelled out?

Luo Feng couldn’t even be bothered!

“Jie Li, you better be careful, don’t let your anger take control. You’ll be killed by that 1,000 vine star eating plant.” Feng Chen said casually, after which he became a beam of light and left. Among the three of them, the two often didn’t see eye to eye, Huang Shi usually settled such matters.

“Calm down Jie Li.” She said, “He didn’t dare mess around with your challenge before mainly because of many immigrants behind you The over 10 billion immigrants all represent powerful families and they have universe masters behind them. As for you…with Luo Feng’s status, he can’t even be bothered with you. Look, your only saving grace is your personal strength. Since he easily took out a 1,000 vine star eating plant, he can kill you easily. We are in the same line, let me give you some advice, don’t lose your life over this.”

Sou! She too flew away.

Jie Li stood in mid air and gazed at the borders of the asian continent, his expression struggling, he could only turn and leave.

…

Later on, there were even two arrogant immigrants that were killed by the 1,000 vine star eating plant, the rest quickly got the news and knew that the order was real. They all got a stern warning from the upper echelons too! They all immediately fell in line, the city leader was afterall the number one person in the Virtual Universe Company, who’d go against his order?

The earth humans cheered, they no longer had to suffer in silence, they could lead their lives freely.

…

One month later.

Luo Feng was finally about to leave earth.

“There’s the 1,000 vine star eating plant, secretly, there’s also the emperor limit Metal Flag emperor.” Luo Feng spoke to his wife. “And the many trump cards I left you, you can nurture an undying plant too. All in all, you can make the arrangements, I leave the family to you.”

“Hm.” Xu Xin nodded. Within she felt warmth…the husband explored the universe while she watched the house.

“You better be careful this time.” Xu Xin said.

Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

“Dad, mum.” Luo Feng said goodbye to all his parents, brother and sons before leaving, teleporting and vanishing from sight.

…

Within the dark universe.

A malevolent armored bug ship was flying swiftly. This was one of the top three ships Luo Feng had acquired when he hunted the emperors. This living ship, under normal circumstances, only an other race emperor limit could use it.

Within the control room.

“We’ll first go and deal with Devil Hand emperor, then we’ll head to the distant secret region Ice hell star!” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes master.” The ship’s voice replied.


Chapter 911: Heavily Injured Devil Hand Emperor

Through god country teleportation and the living ship travelling through the dark universe, it took about half a month for Luo Feng to reach where Devil Hand emperor was.

“Luckily I had Tian Chen.” Luo Feng was surprised. “My other eleven slaves are all other race warriors! Only Tian Chen is human, and other than the three soul slaves he has, he has other weaker undyings, where many of them were humans too.”

“Human undyings have many markers around humanity’s territory. Hence, it’s easy to teleport via their god country.”

“At least I can reach any universe country easily within Humanity’s territory.”

“And with my other race slaves, I can easily rely on them to reach the distant regions of the universe too, it would save a lot of flying time.” Luo Feng was happy, discovering the advantages of having more slaves.

The longer one lived, the more one has explored, the more the markers were left around.

Tian Chen and the others had painstakingly left many markers all around, and now they were all for Luo Feng to use.

“Master, we are about to engage in universe travel.”

Weng!

The living ship slowed down to a stop, flying out of the dark universe and back to the actual universe.

“Devil Hand Star.” Luo Feng stood in the living ship’s control room and gazed at the vast space. Under the glare of a huge star, a green life planet was giving off powerful life energy ripples.

“According to the information from the Virtual Universe Company, his nest is here. And half a year ago, he had connected to the virtual universe, while his marker was right here.” Luo Feng frowned at the green planet. The virtual universe wasn’t all knowing, they could at most give as much information as they could get.

“Luo Feng, let me out.” Babata’s voice resounded within his mind.

“Come out.”

Luo Feng let Babata out of his world ring, he was draped in black armor, and his face was masked, revealing red blood crystal like eyes. He was about 1.45m, like a child with two gold horns on his forehead.

This was Babata with the Heart of evolution!

Luo Feng’s earnings in the outer region wars were huge. Hence, he bought one for Babata, allowing him to finally have the chance to train and evolve! As for his arm computer, that was the Subsidiary AI Babata made.

…

“I want to see that Suo Luo Pu die!” Babata gritted his teeth.

“Ok, but you have to stay by my side.” Luo Feng said.

“Hm.” Babata nodded, as his eyes were filled with hatred. Even though he had recognized Luo Feng as his master at domain lord level, he was a living AI with emotions. His old master had brought him around for long periods of time, allowing him to evolve from a normal AI to a living AI, Hu Yan Bo was like a father to him.

“Let’s go.” The cloud contact armor swiftly wrapped around Luo Feng.

Hua!

A glaring gold armor, that covered even his face appeared, Luo Feng was like a gold armored man. The Sha Wu wings were kept within his body…from the appearance alone, no one was able to identify who he was.

He kept the ship.

The black armored man and the gold armored man teleported straight to the atmosphere of the green planet.

“Why aren’t you entering?” Babata asked anxiously.

“Let me check on the accurate location before making my move.” Luo Feng used his large scanner to sweep the entire planet. Babata was stunned, “Luo Feng, I’ve lost control.”

“Haha, it’s extremely rare for a living AI to lose control, this means that emotions have affected your judgment.” Luo Feng laughed, “It’s a good thing.”

Babata was filled with hatred.

Luo Feng didn’t really feel it, as he had never interacted with Hu Yan Bo before. With no connection, all he had was respect for his elder.

“He must, must, must be on this planet.” Babata muttered within over and over anxiously.

“Found him.” Luo Feng suddenly said.

“On this planet?” Babata was happily surprised.

“Right, on this planet, and from my scan, he should be heavily injured.” Luo Feng said. His large scanner was advanced enough to avoid detection by Devil Hand emperor.

“Heavily injured? Who cares, we must kill him.” Babata pushed, “Let’s go.”

“Let’s go see him.”

Babata brought Babata and teleported…entering the core of the planet.

…

The star field around this planet was a forbidden place within the Gu Lun universe country. Several super families within the universe country knew, that this space was taken by a powerful undying! And since this undying didn’t have too much ambition, only taking up nine galaxies within the starfield, no one dared to mess with him.

The core of this starfield was Devil hand star!

“The demon emperor has been in a bad mood recently, be careful not to make him angry or you’ll lose your lives.” An undying said to a group of lady staff.

“Yes.”

The most intelligent and beautiful women chosen from the nine galaxies around were all trembling within. For the past thousand years, the demon emperor had been in a bad mood, any little bit of aggravation would result in tragedy.

“Go on in.” The undying ordered.

Over 800 ladies all lifted their dishes and went into the palace. The deeper they went, the more they trembled…finally they reached within the hall.

When only half of the group entered, they heard a cold voice.

“Devil Hand emperor!”

The voice was ice cold! A formless pressure spread throughout!

Over 800 ladies couldn’t help but kneel down, the terrifying pressure caused main managing undying to actually kneel too, “My god, what terrifying pressure. This is over a hundred times stronger than when the master was at his peak! Just who is this, where did such a warrior come from in the Gu Lun universe country?”

“Rumble!” The roof of the palace was torn right off, as a grey silhouette rushed into the sky.

Shua!

A gold silhouette floated there, kicking the grey silhouette. The law infused kick…made the grey silhouette instantly spit out gold blood, flying backwards until he landed on the broken palace. This evil looking man had a head of an eagle, he was dressed in grey armor.

The undying kneeling within the palace was shocked at the scene, thinking, “Teleportation? That gold armored man can teleport? It’s over for the master!”

Countless staff within the palace knelt, some looking up secretly at the scene of the invincible devil emperor being defeated so easily. That gold silhouette was shining bright above.

…

“Teleport?” Devil Hand floated in mid air, looking up at the gold armored man and bowing respectfully, “Greetings lord, if you can teleport, you should be an emperor pinnacle. How have I offended you, please tell me…I will do my best to repay you. If that’s still insufficient, then you can take my life.”

Luo Feng gazed down at him, his voice booming, “You sure understand formalities.”

“Since you can teleport, it means I cannot escape at all. Even if I’m at my peak, it would still be far from your strength. What’s more I’m heavily injured now, with my strength lost…you can easily kill me, what should I do? I can only do my best to survive, if I can’t…then I can only submit.” He was incredibly respectful.

Luo Feng’s voice boomed, all the staff below could hear him.

Devil Hand wasn’t afraid of humiliation. He spoke directly, and his voice spread around. Obviously he wanted to display sincerity, as for the staff below?

“Hmph, those staff that have seen me like that, as long as I can survive…I’ll kill all of them!” Devil Hand thought within.

…

“How come the demon emperor is like his servant?”

“Just who is this gold armored man, he’s much stronger than the demon emperor.” Countless staff didn’t know the danger they were in.

…

“Kill, Luo Feng, kill him.” Babata communicated to Luo Feng.

“Please state how I offended you, I’m clueless as to how it happened.” Devil hand said respectfully.

Luo Feng gazed at him, “It’s useless to struggle, I’ll tell you…you will definitely die.”

“I…” Devil hand’s eyes had a look of fear. Just as he was about to speak, Luo Feng had already appeared before him, wielding a thorn, this was a Fei Mo poison coated cloud contact vine thorn. Luo Feng used it to stab forward!

Chi!

It pierced through the armor straight into Devil Hand’s body, after which, gold blood was spilt as it dripped down.

Devin Hand’s body was corroded by the poison, his eyes filled with fear. After which, he crumbled along with the gold blood, leaving only the armor and world ring that fell before it was swiped away by a black silhouette.

The black silhouette stopped beside Luo Feng, it was Babata.

“It’s over.” He wielded the armor, his blood crystal like eyes with a complex gaze, “Over 60,000 years…”

Luo Feng looked at him, not interrupting.

“Boss, do you see this? Devil Hand is dead.”

“He’s dead.”

“Back then you entrusted the inheritance to me, I didn’t dare tell him who the enemy was, I’d never expect…to be able to take revenge!”

“You’ve been avenged.”

“He had no resistance at all, back then he had chased us for so long. But against Luo Feng, he was so weak…” Babata muttered. Luo Feng had completely shut off all sound around them with his spirit energy, his mini scanner jammed any signals too. Luo Feng did all this while patiently waiting for Babata to recover.


Chapter 912: God Body Separation

Babata muttered and released his emotions which were suppressed for tens of thousands of years. The pain from his master’s death, the thrill from avenging him, and the memories from countless ages ago…

“Luo Feng, I’m ok now.” Babata looked at him, “Thank you.”

“I owe Hu Yan Bo a debt of gratitude, and I even paid my respects to him as my teacher before, this is what I should do. Babata, now can I keep you back into the world ring?” Luo Feng asked.

“In the ring, I can get guidance from the other emperors. I’ll do my best to become undying as soon as possible.” Babata nodded. “My current strength will only affect you, however I can contact you via my subsidiary AI.”

With a thought, Luo Feng placed Babata back into his world ring.

With the heart of evolution, Babata was now similar to the automaton race. It was easy for them to reach sector lord, however…reaching undying was extremely hard.

Luo Feng gazed at the shivering countless people below kneeling before him, he teleported and left Devil Hand star.

“He’s gone.”

“The gold armored god is gone.”

“Too terrifying, the demon emperor had no resistance against him whatsoever. I heard that undyings have undying bodies, but he was still killed so easily.”

“With the demon emperor dead, we have no need to fear anymore. This starfield is now ours haha.”

The power of Devil Hand star started to shift immediately.

…

In a distant starfield away, countless light years away from humanity’s territory, within a normal star. The stars were the most commonly seen heavenly bodies in space, this star however was somewhat special…because within, amidst the endless flames, there was a silhouette.

This silhouette sat cross legged within.

“There really was a warrior that killed me.” A hate filled voice resounded. This silhouette was Devil hand emperor Suo Luo Pu.

He sat crossed legged, the star’s heat not affecting him at all.

“And he was that strong, yet he still hid his identity. He may very well been sent by that Luo Feng. I had guessed long ago…that this day might come!” He muttered softly. Back then Luo Feng was extremely exceptional during the genius battles, being absorbed into the Virtual Universe Company. Even from back then, Devil Hand had been observing him.

He suspected that Luo Feng had gotten Hu Yan Bo’s inheritance.

“When I killed Hu Yan Bo back then, I used a soul technique to make sure he would die. Plus he fled too quickly into the dark universe, it was hard to chase him, and because of the treasure, I didn’t continue.”

“He had many hiding spots, who knows where he fled to.”

“50,000 years later, Luo Feng suddenly rose to power. A spirit reader just like him, and he could buy earth, an aboriginal punk…without any special encounters, how could he afford a planet? And his performance was heavenly during the genius battles? I suspected back then he was linked to Hu Yan Bo! However he had been in the Primal chaos city for such a long time, I couldn’t do anything against him.”

“Finally…”

“He became a domain lord and returned to the Ganwu universe country, and the ship he used was actually the Yun Mo planet ship! Hehe, this ship…confirmed my doubts that he was the disciple of Hu Yan Bo!”

“But he was the investigator this time and resided in the Primal region of the Virtual Universe Company. If I made a move and was discovered…I would be dead.”

“I could only gamble that Hu Yan Bo left no information on who killed him, if he knew what was good for them, he would let them go against an emperor. Afterall when he was alive, his disciples were only that weak, how strong could his later disciples be? And he could never predict the future!”

“Looks like my guess was wrong!”

“He left something that told Luo Feng.”

“Luo Feng’s status is extremely high, it’s very easy for him to engage a super warrior’s help, for them to hide their identity and come kill me.” He sat crossed legged within the burning star, and his eyes gleamed with ferocity. “Luckily, even though I gambled, I didn’t place all my bets on one table. I cut part of my god body, of which one part had 40% and another had 60%.”

“God Body separation.”

“I left the weaker body to pretend to be seriously injured on Devil Hand star, awaiting the day. The other, I hid in a distant region, patiently waiting. My plan was to wait one million years. If there was no danger after one million years, I would show myself again. Haha…luckily I left a way out for myself!”

“I’m not eligible to be revived, but I left a way out! Gold armored warrior…even though I don’t know who you are, I can guarantee that you were sent by Luo Feng. Other than him, there’s no one else able to engage such a powerful being.”

“Luo Feng!”

“I may not win against you now, however…I will return. I will definitely return to humanity’s territory!!!” Devil hand howled, his voice rippling throughout the star.

…

God body separation wasn’t something normal warriors had the guts to do.

Devil Hand separated his body into 60% and 40%, of which the 60% body had 10% of his perfect condition strength. As for the 40% body…it was even weaker. Under such circumstances, the strength drop was simply too much.

Another risk was that if one side was soul controlled, then all of Devil Hand will be controlled.

The weaker one was!

The easier it was to get controlled!

There were two big risks, it wasn’t something just anyone could risk! Of course the only benefit of this was that he would have a chance to survive!

The two separated bodies resonated off each other, hence both bodies would never regenerate. Only when one side had fallen would the other gradually recover over long periods of time to its perfect form.

Time passed.

The malevolent bug ship flew within the dark universe, maintaining 80 times light speed.

Within the control room, a crystal made dining table had a total of twelve super warriors sitting around it, and Luo Feng was in the main throne.

“Tomorrow we’ll arrive at the secret region. It’s been over two years, but we’ve finally arrived. To reaching the destination! Cheers.” Luo Feng raised his glass.

“Congratulations master.” The twelve warriors all shrank their bodies to human size, raising their glasses.

They toasted and celebrated.

At this time, Luo Feng still didn’t know that he had only killed a portion of Devil Hand over two years ago, afterall the chances of that happening was very small. Actually even if he did know, he had no way to do anything about it. The other portion of Devil hand was hidden well within a distant region afterall.

Even so, Luo Feng wasn’t afraid.

It took trillions of years for him to become a low emperor. With Luo Feng’s twelve slaves, they were all either emperor limits or pinnacle soul masters! A normal emperor didn’t even have the right to become his slave. As for Tian Chen, Chi Mang, Honed heart etc these were all soul masters, and they all had a group of soul slaves under them. Only thing was, they had many normal undyings and officials, and occasionally a normal emperor, they weren’t even worthy to show.

“Universe…” Luo Feng lifted his glass, “Is too huge. By relying on god country teleportation, I reached close to the secret region, yet it’s still close to two billion light years away. Even at 80 times light speed, it still took over two years.”

“Master, the Black flower region is simply too desolate, none of us have been there.” Heavy Arrow smiled.

“The universe is vast and endless, with countless universe secret regions separated throughout. For those of us that have taken part in the outer region wars, we aren’t even considered far from humanity itself. And there are several slaves under you that come from much further. However there wasn’t even one that has been to the Black flower region. Hence, we have to fly for so long.” Fu Shui added.

Luo Feng nodded.

The great being had placed the third black metal board within Ice Hell star. It was desolate and dangerous, far from humanity. If he relied only on flying, at 80 times light speed, it would take over a hundred years. One could only imagine the distance. Luckily he had a slave that could teleport close, saving most of the travel.

“And lucky this ship is that fast, faster than even the Yun Mo planet ship.” Luo Feng thought.

Rumble!

A powerful energy ripple shockwaved from outside.

“It’s a robbery.”

“Another one.”

Heavy Arrow, Fu Shui, Ji Hong and Tian Chen all laughed, Luo Feng laughed too.

The dark universe within humanity’s territories was considered relatively safe, only very few would try and rob others within. It was mainly because humanity’s control was very strong. However outside of that, in the dark universe, in these desolate areas…it was common to have such incidents within the dark universe.

“It’s some officials and normal undyings.” Ji Hong extended his god energy over and swept the enemies, laughing.

“We are so lonely” Tian Chen said, “After flying for over two years, even though we encountered a few attempts, no one actually dared to make a move.”

“They are not stupid either. Even though the living ship’s level cannot be discerned from the outside, we’ve maintained a speed of 80 times light speed. Anyone that is able to do that…even most emperors don’t have a ship like that. Would they dare?” Ji Hong’s voice was ear piercing. He laughed, “If you want to be attacked, it’s simple, we just have to slow down to 10 times light speed, I guarantee…every day we’ll be attacked at least once.”

“Haha…”

“Interesting.”

“This has to be approved by the master.” The warriors all laughed. Luo Feng laughed too. It took killing many warriors and enslaving many for him to get this ship, it was the fastest of all his ships! The Yun Mo planet ship’s max speed was 50 times light speed, and this was after modification from the Virtual Universe Company, and it was much harder to upgrade from there onwards. 80 times light speed however, was unbelievable.

“No rush, when we get to the secret region, you will get to fight.” Luo Feng smiled.


Chapter 913: Black Flower Secret Region

The Black flower secret region’s largest diameter was 160,000 light years, and it was considered small amongst the secret regions. The entire level of danger was considered normal as well, as even normal undyings could enter. Other than six extremely dangerous areas, it was much less dangerous than many others, only threatening to normal undyings.

And these six dangerous areas were spots that even knights could fall!

Ice Hell star was one of the six spots!

…

Within the secret region, Ice Hell star was the outermost region, a malevolent armored bug ship appeared within the space.

“Ice Hell star, I’ve arrived.” Luo Feng stood in the control room gazing out. He had gone through universe travel straight to the outer regions of Ice Hell star, even though the great being had given him the exact coordinates. However, since it was a huge area, even knights wouldn’t be so daring as to rush straight into the core region. Naturally, Luo Feng didn’t dare do so either.

“According to the data, the Black flower region’s danger level is relatively low. However, this Ice Hell star area is very dangerous. This test from the great being, truly doesn’t care about my survival.” Luo Feng thought. As one of the greatest beings of the universe, it wasn’t strange that he trained his disciples that way.

“Six dangerous regions, these were all stated before. And the secret region is simply too huge, there are still many that haven’t been explored. There might even be a seventh.”

A small secret region could have a diameter of tens of thousands of light years, and a large one could go from millions, up to hundreds of millions light years.

Not mentioning the super huge ones, just the million light year diameter ones, flying at lightspeed straight through it alone would take a million years! To completely explore the area, would require one passing through different areas trillions of times…and such scanning may not even detect its true dangers. How could one detect the dangers flying at lightspeed?

Hence every secret region, warriors hardly went to the unexplored regions, unless they were completely confident.

“Depart!”

Luo Feng took the living ships and activated his large and mini scanners, allowing the living ship to head towards Ice Hell star. He didn’t dare teleport, as the entire region had a diameter of only 2.1 light years. Just one teleport could lead him straight into danger.

The living ship flew at sub light speed for over three months.

Luo Feng closed his eyes and sat crossed legged within the control room.

“Warning, warning, attack imminent, attack imminent.” The AI reported, “Power level high official, unable to damage the ship.”

“Hm?” Luo Feng opened his eyes, his expression changed, “Not good!”

Rumble!

Rumble!

Two powerful attacks swept past the ship, it only slightly shook, easily withstanding the attacks. It’s defense was over a hundred times stronger than the Yun Mo planet ship, and the entire ship was infused with the special life form Nuo Wei Ka tree. It was a type of plant life form, with low offensive abilities and intellect, simple but with powerful survival abilities.

Just like metal ships fusing with metal life forms, a living ship could fuse with special life forms too, allowing it to evolve.

This ship had incredibly strong defense and was extremely fast, and it had the ability…of regeneration. The only thing was that its offense was weak.

“Bastard!” Luo Feng gritted his teeth after being attacked.

“Those bunch of bastards.”

He immediately teleported and flew out of the ship.

Silver armored and winged Luo Feng stood beside the ship and gazed far away. There in the distance he could see a vast green and purple milky way stretching through the space. This milky way was over three hundred million km thick, and over one hundred million km deep. Its length stretched on forever…this was the renowned star river of Ice Hell star.

“Two bastards.” Luo Feng looked about cautiously, after which he looked angrily at the two silhouettes that appeared from the star river.

The ship could easily withstand the attacks, however Luo Feng was afraid of the energy ripples…spreading and drawing out the terrifying enemies within Ice Hell star, the master of the area.

“Luckily we are still far from Ice Hell star.” He relaxed.

“Haha, human, do you think that we cannot detect you with your scanner jamming the signals? The ripples from flying at sub light speed are easy for us to detect. However, your ship is not bad, it was able to withstand our attack.”

“Human, why stand there, why don’t you come here? Don’t you want to make a move?”

These two warriors had fish tails and were covered in black scales with a layer of green light surrounding them. As they shouted out, Luo Feng easily recognized them as the E Tuo race, they were adept in water and this star river was filled with extremely cold droplets of water.

This star river’s water was known for its coldness and density. Even if an emperor entered it, he would feel extreme cold, reducing his speed to 1%.

As long as one used the star river water to make an metal armor.

Wearing it would allow one to withstand the cold, and one would be completely at home within the star river, with no resistance. It was obvious that the two warriors which were glowing with a layer of green light had worn the special armors.

“Haha, are you afraid?”

The two warriors mocked, wanting to lure Luo Feng in. They had both stayed in the star river for tens of thousands of years, and they were clear on the many dangerous areas. As long as Luo Feng rushed in…with their natural proficiency and the armor, plus their knowledge of the area about, they believed they could kill this human.

“Two scum!” Luo Feng’s expression grew serious.

Two black balls appeared in his left palm.

“Go!”

Xiu! Xiu!

They swiftly formed two beams of light, rushing towards the star river. These balls were sealed stars, and every one of them was incredibly heavy, much heavier than stars. No matter how high the density of the star river water, how could it compare to the sealed stars? The force had little effect on the balls, as for the cold, it was completely useless.

“Flee.”

The two E Tuo warriors quickly rushed into the star river, however the two black balls were incredibly fast.

“His undying energy isn’t weakened by the star river at all?” They couldn’t believe as they fled, fighting hard to defend against the balls.

“Spirit energy piercing into the star river would be weakened by 1,000 times. Luckily I have the general soul, otherwise just relying on sector lord world energy…it would probably be destroyed by the star river.” Luo Feng’s spirit energy was decreased by 1,000 times. Even so, with the ability to suppress emperor limits, dealing with these two officials was easy enough.

“So heavy.”

The two E Tuo warriors could only feel the unbelievable force from the two black balls, knocking away their weapons and piercing their bodies.

Chi! Chi!

The balls pierced right through their chests, the Fei Mo poison on the balls instantly began to madly corrode their bodies, their eyes revealed shock and fear as they crumbled completely. They had spent too much time in the star river, they didn’t even fear emperors. However they didn’t expect to fall today.

Luo Feng used his spirit energy to guide the black balls and treasures from the two officials back to him.

“Two arrogant punks.” Luo Feng shook his head.

He had ample preparation before coming, and he understood every bit of the special areas of Ice Hell star. The star river was vast and within its depths there were some dangerous areas. The terrifying beings of Ice Hell star were even more adept at the cold and the water, Luo Feng had never once thought of entering.

“The two of them were right in hiding in the water. Using their understanding of it and its specialties, plus their speed, even emperors couldn’t deal with them.” Luo Feng shook his head. If they knew of Blade River emperor’s name, it would have been another story.

It was a pity the news had spread rampantly throughout the virtual universe network. Other than that, only the automaton race managed to get little information on him, much less the other pinnacle races.

Even the demon race and bug race couldn’t even complete their long distance transmissions. As for these little races like the E Tuo, who lived far from everyone else, how could they know what happened in the outer region wars.

…

“Flying too fast in the universe ship creates space ripples.”

“Teleporting will create special space ripples, allowing those proficient in it to detect.” Luo Feng frowned in space. “I’ll just fly myself, the larger the frame, the more commotion there’ll be. My body will definitely have less commotion than a living ship. Using the Sha Wu wings to control space, I’ll be extremely fast, and the effect on the space would be minimized. And I can fly slower.”

He kept the living ship and began to fly, accelerating gradually to 100,000 km per second. With the sha wu wings, the energy flow was much smoother.

Xiu!

The mini scanner completely covered him.

He carefully proceeded. Whether it was because of the great being or the information he had found on the place before, he didn’t dare get careless. As he got deeper, he discovered the many special things about the region.

The outer most star river…

Along the way, there were frozen corpses floating casually around the 10,000 mausoleum…

As one went even deeper inside they could locate the dangerous star belt.

“Star belt.” He stood in space, beside him ice mountains floated. Ahead was a colorful water flow, almost like a belt that revolved about the core area of Ice Hell star. The water gave off terrifying cold energies, Luo Feng was that far away and yet he could still feel it.

He knew that that wasn’t water, but peculiar frozen little crystals, forming a landslide like river flow. It was the second dangerous region of ice hell star.

As for the most dangerous…

It was the core area’s vast region, with the many frozen planets! With a glance, Luo Feng could easily see a hundred of them.

“Ice Hell stars.” Luo Feng thought.


Chapter 914: Name Doku

Luo Feng stood beside the vast galaxy, gazing at the Ice Hell star. Even though it was very far away…it was similar to how earth humans could easily see the sun. Luo Feng’s vision was at a level where he could see one’s facial hairs up to 10,000 km away, naturally he could see the distant Ice Hell star easily.

“Black metal board.” Luo Feng felt the strong calling from there.

“Yes.”

“That one!”

He fixed his gaze on one particular star, “It’s coming from there! The coordinates the great being gave was right. The black metal board is there on that star.”

“The mission he gave me was very simple. It was to enter the Ice Hell star, take the metal board and leave.”

“However, the stars are nests for special life forms, and every star represents a type of special life form.” Luo Feng thought. The special life forms that lived within each Ice Hell star was named Doku by the other races of the universe.

Doku were life forms formed from extreme cold. They were demon like in appearance and incredibly pure. Though pure, they were purely bloodthirsty, as killing was a game to them, and they felt no sense of evil.

Even though they had no way to reproduce, they were all naturally talented. It was said that there were a thousand Dokus within the area, and this was their nest! According to the information from the Virtual Universe Company, among these thousand Doku, there were a hundred that became undyings and two that even became knights!

Among which the hundred undyings built their own Ice Hell stars.

“Dokus are special life forms, and even at the same level, they are stronger than humans by hundred times.” Luo Feng thought. A human emperor’s body limit was 100,000 times that of sector lord strength, unless there was some genetic evolution. For the Dokus however…an emperor could reach 10 million sector lord strength. This was their pure god body, and not accounting amplification techniques.

Just like how the golden horned beast was 10 times stronger than humans.

The special life forms of the universe, the weakest of the lot were comparable to the beast.

…

“Every Ice Hell star is very dangerous. I may be able to fight a doku undying, but the moment there’s a commotion, I’ll be exposed.” He thought. There hasn’t been anyone that had survived after being exposed within Ice Hell star, because there were two knights there!

They were special life forms, hence they were much more powerful than many human knights.

Just as Luo Feng had finished observing the situation and pondering. Suddenly, a blurry silhouette rushed out from the vast space ahead.

“Ha…haha…”

“Ha…”

A crisp voice filled with cold energies pierced through the space and spread throughout, the laughter was filled with joy.

“Hm?” Luo Feng gazed. In the distance three silhouettes rushed out, one purple in color, and two green colored. The purple one was about 3.2m tall, tall and graceful, and was completely purple. He had a hundred purple braids from his head, the crystal like armor on his body was translucent. From it, one could see its body,and it took on the form of a human lady. The other two green ones were 3.6m tall, extremely handsome, with a hundred green braids each. They donned a green armor, and were similar to human males in looks.

As special life forms, they had no sex distinction, this outer appearance purple represented the difference in their talent level

The purple were rarer, the green were more populated.

The cold air around the purple Doku could easily freeze souls, and the green ones could freeze the bodies.

Together.

The three of them laughed and cheered about. Their speeds were incredible, easily reaching light speed and going through universe travel, disappearing from Luo Feng’s sight.

“Universe travel?” Luo Feng looked on carefully. “The rubbish about the space about have been cleared, it’s easy to reach light speed. Hm, the three dokus earlier…they are weaker, they should be sector lord level! But their strength is similar to a normal undying, and they can easily go through universe travel to return to their nest.”

“Looks like I have to do it this way.” Luo Feng nodded.

…

Within his world ring.

Black clothed Luo Feng stood there, the twelve warriors bowed respectfully, “Master.”

“Tian Chen.” Luo Feng looked over.

“Master.” Tian Chen replied.

“You have a few officials under you right, call them out. The more nimble the better, the smarter ones.” Luo Feng said. Tian Chen and Chi Mang were both soul masters, both with a group of slaves under them. They may have few emperor slaves, but there were many officials.

“Yes.” Tian Chen waved his hand, and beside him a 1.1m tall little crooked being appeared. It was filled with black scales, and its eyes were jade green. This was the demon race’s Devil Shell monkey.

“Master.” It smiled evilly.

“From now on, you will listen to my master’s orders.” Tian Chen pointed at Luo Feng. “Fully submit to him, his orders to you…is akin to my orders.”

“Yes yes yes.” The monkey replied.

Black clothed Luo Feng looked at this official level undying, “You have a small and large scanner?”

“No.” It replied.

“Mas…” Tian Chen was about to speak when he was shushed. Luo Feng flipped his hand and tossed out a scanner, “This one has both the functions of a large and small scanner.”

“This is a virtual universe connection device, anonymous device.” Luo Feng tossed out an arm band. “Make them both recognize you.”

“Yes yes yes.” The monkey was very excited, “Virtual universe…”

The helmet devices kept its users anonymous, much less with Luo Feng’s high status, it was easy to get one that could last forever. The only thing was these devices…were controlled strictly by the virtual universe.

“Listen well.” Luo Feng ordered.

The monkey listened.

“When you leave in awhile, you will accelerate to light speed and universe travel. In the dark universe, you will reach these coordinates and come back to the actual universe.” Luo Feng’s armband projected the star map. It was within the Ice Hell stars, of which he gave exact coordinates.

“When you appear, you should be sixteen million km away from this Ice Hell star.”

“Remember, you need to activate the mini scanner and hide your tracks to not be detected.”

“Then you will sneak into this star that you are closest to and search for a black metal board, this is what it looks like.” Luo Feng explained the metal board to him. He also explained what to do after discovering it, in case the monkey screwed up. It was better to personally tell him what to do.

“Very good.” Luo Feng nodded. “Get ready to leave, I will immediately lead you in.”

“Yes.” The monkey had no sense of hesitation.

Luo Feng’s order was akin to his master’s order, even if he ordered him to self destruct now, he wouldn’t even resist. Hence, the moment one’s soul was controlled, its entire core and being would submit to his master.

…

Amidst the vast space, Luo Feng stood hidden. His mini scanner was activated, and beside him stood the Devil shell monkey.

“Just like that, accelerate and reach light speed and universe travel, go on.” He ordered.

“Yes.”

The monkey’s eyes were lit with excitement.

Sou!

His speed increased, becoming a beam of light in space, quickly reaching light speed. The space shook before he vanished.

Luo Feng gazed at the scene, “The Doku’s use universe travel to get from one Ice Hell star to another and to return. The distance is so far, just flying normally would take ten days to half a month, and universe travel ripples occur frequently. Then, the monkey’s universe travel wouldn’t garner too much attention.”

“It’ll depend on luck.”

“Let’s hope that it’s luck is good, let this one slave bring me the metal board.” Luo Feng thought. “If he can’t, at least I’ll gain some information about the area.” Entering the area was too dangerous, Luo Feng wouldn’t blindly enter himself.

Sixteen million km away from the Ice Hell star, the universe space rippled and the monkey appeared, he naturally activated his scanner.

“Hehe, it’s been too lonely following the master for so many years with nothing to do. There’s finally something to do. Just what is this place, it seems dangerous.” The monkey surveyed the area cautiously, using his consciousness to connect to the virtual universe, sending everything he saw to Luo Feng.

“Ice Hell star.”

The monkey was clueless but brave. He had never heard of Ice Hell star, and he didn’t know just how dangerous it was, but he still flew in cautiously. Sixteen million km was very close, even though he flew slowly, he got close within an instant.

Hu!

Hu!

Two beams of light shot out. Two sector lord Dokus appeared, and these two extremely handsome Dokus were chatting and laughing, even though their gaze had passed the monkey, with the scanner blocking him, he was completely hidden. At least he was not visible to the naked eye. The two Dokus laughed and joked, they began to accelerate to light speed…after which they vanished into universe travel, heading to another area.

“Luckily they didn’t discover me, however master’s master sure is cowardly. The two punks should only be at sector lord level, I can easily kill them. He even made it so that I cannot attack anything.” The monkey carefully began to fly into Ice Hell star, finally…he entered the Ice Hell star.


Chapter 915: Da La Sha Teacher

Luo Feng stood hidden within the space belt, his consciousness connected to the virtual universe.

Virtual universe primal region, within his villa.

“He’s entered ice hell star.” He sat his desk, looking at the laptop before him, the screen displayed everything the devil shell monkey was sending.

“You can only depend on yourself now, even I don’t know where the black metal board is hidden.” Luo Feng looked on.

…

Ice hell star’s temperature was extremely cold, the monkey landed on the surface.

“So cold.” It looked about, his mini scanner covering his area, “What metal board does master’s master want? And where is it?”

This ice hell star had a diameter of over 8k km, its surface was bare, only vast pathways lay ahead straight into the depths of the star.

“Pick a route.”

The monkey chose a path and sneaked in, relying on the small scanner to look about.

The deeper he went, the colder it got.

After about 3,000 km, it finally reached the end.

“Ah, the depths of this star…is actually a palace?” It blinked its eyes and looked ahead, it was a completely purple and green mix crystal palace that was over 1,000 km tall, a terrifying energy emanated from within.

“A terrifying warrior is within.” The monkey gritted his teeth.

“Master’s maser, what should I do?” It asked Luo Feng via the virtual universe.

“Activate your large scanner and control it to engulf the entire star but avoid that palace! Other than that palace, scan everywhere else.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes master’s master.”

It had no sense of disobeying, immediately activating the large scanner.

Weng!

It began to swiftly scan through the entire ice hell, other than the palace itself, it scanned everything, all the information was sent via the virtual universe to Luo Feng.

…

Luo Feng looked at his laptop and frowned.

“Ice hell star is very much like the bug clan mother nest.” He said softly, “All the areas within the star have nothing, it’s simply all ice. Without a doubt…the black metal board, should be within the palace!”

“Devil shell monkey!”

“Close the large scanner and activate your mini scanner and enter the palace.” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes master.”

The monkey felt the strong energy from the palace, but it had no way to go against Luo Feng’s order, he could only cautiously enter, the palace was too huge and empty, he couldn’t see anyone.

“So cold.”

It flew slowly through the palace, not daring to fly too fast, in case he drew attention from the powerful warrior.

“Just where is it, black metal board, where is it?” The monkey used his mini scanner to search about, just as he flew past one door…

A formless ripple spread throughout the entire palace.

“Other race!”

An enraged howl resounded, a purple light almost instantly appeared before the monkey.

“Not good.” The monkey was shocked.

“Activate your large scanner and scan the entire palace before fleeing.” Luo Feng quickly ordered from the virtual universe.

The monkey immediately did just so, he couldn’t care less as he fled for his life.

“You think you can run!”

The purple silhouette pointed at the monkey, a purple beam of light shot out of his crystal like finger, hitting the monkey, ge ge ge…a layer of ice swiftly formed throughout its body, becoming a huge ice block. The monkey was completely immobilized within, its soul imprints completely frozen to the point it crumbled.

It had fallen.

Actually the moment it became a soul slave, it was akin to having fallen, the universe was like that, the weak was the prey of the strong.

“Hmph.” The powerful purple silhouette snorted coldly, “These other races, they all wish to get the ice hell star stone and the ice hell dew. An official and yet he dared come here, become an ice statue.”

After which he waved his hand.

A powerful energy flowed through the corpse within the ice as it flew straight into the corner of the palace, there were already tens of ice statues there. They were all other race undyings that had come here to explore the palace, they had all been frozen solid.

…

Virtual universe.

Luo Feng carefully examined the last scan, seeing the layout of the entire palace.

“This palace actually has ice hell star stone.” Through the scan, he had detected a finger nail sized translucent purple stone.”

“The black metal board…is stored in another location, ok, luckily it isn’t with the stone.” Luo Feng thought, there were 2 renowned treasures within ice hell star, making some desperate warriors take the risk, gambling it all on the treasures.

As long as they managed to get one, they would rise again!

The 1st treasure was the ice hell star stone, another was the ice hell dew, of which one took extreme amounts of efforts from the green dokus to create while the other from the purple.

These 2 were extremely valuable materials, they had special qualities.

That fingernail sized stone within the palace was worth about 2 trillion mixed elements.

“Treasure.”

“However the more valuable it is, the more dangerous the area.” Luo Feng shook his head, “Ice hell star is one of the top 6 most dangerous spots in the Black flower region. Especially with the 2 Doku knights, they are extremely powerful even amongst knights, akin to the Tian Shi palace leader.”

“The great being’s test sure isn’t easy.”

“This palace has obviously been refined by that undying doku into a weapon, the moment anyone enters…it would immediately sense.” Luo Feng frowned, “If I want to get the black metal board, I have to enter the palace, and yet the moment I enter, I would be detected.”

Luo Feng stood hidden in space, gazing at the vast stars ahead, straight at that one ice hell star.

“I will definitely be detected if I enter the palace.”

“That would mean death!” Luo Feng frowned.

He looked forward, recalling the 3 sector lords earlier, he immediately thought and the mosha Luo Feng appeared. With black energies revolving about him, he became a 3.6m tall green doku, giving off ice cold energies.

“Natural ability…clone!”

His life energy swiftly changed, becoming exactly similar to that green doku earlier.

“As long as one doesn’t specially scan my body, no one will be able to detect. This is one of the many plans…and the safest one with the highest chance of success, let’s hope it works.” The earth body and the mosha body looked at the distant ice hell star, after which, the mosha body became a beam of light.

…

He quickly accelerated, the mosha body had the presence of the 20th level of the heavenly bridge, in terms of strength it could completely suppress normal officials, its high law comprehension allowed it to easily reach light speed.

Chi!

Universe travel!

…

In an instant.

About 6 million km away from the star, he appeared, it was in his green doku form, his life energy was similar to the one before. Naturally he flew openly towards the star. He wouldn’t be stupid enough to use a scanner to hide himself.

“Bei Fa, Bei Fa.” A voice resounded within his ears.

“Hm?” Luo Feng was shocked, turning to look.

A distant beam of light flew over, it was a purple 3.2m tall doku, it was obviously more detailed and fine than Luo Feng, it flew over excitedly, “Bei Fa, you heard that Teacher Da La Sha caught an other race warrior too?”

“Ah…I only came here to pay my respects to him.” Luo Feng thought fast and replied.

Luckily, the language they used was the common demon language in the universe. Actually due to the rarity of the special life forms, they all normally used common other race languages. Luo Feng could obviously use them too, as for his voice, he had heard the one before.

“Let’s go, we can go see him together.” The purple doku grabbed Luo Feng’s hand and flew downwards.

Luo Feng could only follow.

1 green, 1 purple…flying down.

Luo Feng and made ample preparation before, he also knew that the relations between the dokus was very good, they were special life forms, born with endless life spans! And life forms that could reproduce endlessly had to become undyings to achieve such a state. The long years of mingling together…

Made it so that they valued every race member, as long as one died, even if it was only a sector lord punk, it would enrage all the dokus! Even the 2 knights would come look for the murderer. However the many explorers still killed many of them.

…

The 2 held hands and followed the pathways of the ice hell star, quickly reaching the ice palace.

“Teacher Da La sha, Teacher Da La Sha.” The purple doku dragged Luo Feng and flew straight in.

Luo feng could only follow.

They quickly reached the dangerous region of the palace, a silhouette walked out, it was the one that killed the monkey earlier.

“Ya Wu, Bei Fa, you’ve come.” Da La sha smiled, nothing like before, he was warm and friendly, but Luo Feng was clear…this was only towards its companions, if it discovered Luo Feng’s identity, Da La Sha would definitely turn vicious.

“Where’s that other race warrior?” Wu Ya said, heading towards the ice statues.

Mosha Luo Feng followed suit and looked at the ice statues behind.

“It’s the demon race Devil shell monkey, about official level strength.” Da La Sha pointed at the statue.

Wu Ya dragged Luo Feng and headed over.

Luo Feng followed and landed before the monkey’s statue.

“Ah, Devil shell monkey…this is the 1st I’ve seen personally.” Wu Ya’s eyes gleamed.

“Bei Fa, you usually talk the most, why are you so quiet today.” The purple silhouette reached Luo Feng in just one step, rubbing his braids affectionately.


Chapter 916: Exposed

Luo Feng tensed up within, he let Da La Sha rub his braids as Ya Wu said beside, “I too felt that Bei Fa was boring today.”

“Are you troubled?” Da La Sha continued to rub his braids.

“I’m just not in a good mood, I don’t wish to talk about it.” Luo Feng said.

Da La Sha looked at him affectionately, “Looks like Bei Fa is troubled. Think about it properly anything you cannot solve you can talk to me, I will tell you.”

“Hm.” Luo Feng nodded, he could feel the strong bonds shared between the group.

This was a very powerful bond.

“The information was true, the Dokus are extremely vicious against intruders, but amongst themselves, they are very affectionate. Any person who kills a Doku would be chased down by all the others.” Luo Feng thought.

“You two can play here.”

Da La Sha smiled, “If you have any matters, come to the shrine to look for me.”

“Ok teacher.” Wu Ya said.

“Understood teacher.” Luo Feng said.

Da La Sha smiled and turned to leave.

Only then did Luo Feng let out a sigh of relief, the footage of when he killed the Devil Shell monkey earlier was terrifying. Da La Sha was cold and murderous, now however he was almost motherly. Luo Feng didn’t know…that when the universe evolved, it produced the special life form Dokus at different times, and not simultaneously.

Some were produced earlier or later than the others, and it had been over 300 million years since the last one was born.

Da La Sha…was one of the first nine to be produced, trillions of years before Bei Fa and Wu Ya. Strength wise he was also among the top ten, and it was his responsibility to mentor the weaker dokus. Hence Bei Fa and Wu Ya all called him teacher.

…

Luo Feng looked at the ice statues before him, of which the monkey was in one, and there was a Lei Quan race warrior too. There was even a human warrior! They were all frozen, and their souls long frozen to death.

“What an interesting monkey.” Wu Ya carefully examined the monkey for awhile. “This is the first time I’ve seen it in real life, I’ve only seen it in the virtual world before.”

“Virtual world?” Luo Feng thought.

The virtual skills were considered a very normal technology in the universe, a small area can be called a virtual world. Just like earth back then, with the quantum computer they acquired from an ancient ship remains, they built the war god shrine world. This was common technology, the hard part was expanding the area.

A world that had an entire galaxy.

One that had a starfield, or a one whole territory of humanity, or the entire virtual universe!

The larger the area, the harder it got!

“The Dokus have created a virtual world that covers the Ice Hell star area, this is indeed easy. Acquiring many quantum computers from the generations of intruders should make this easy.” Luo Feng understood.

“Bei Fa, let’s head to the shrine to take a look.” Wu Ya said. “The techniques teacher created are very complex.”

“I’m not going.” Luo Feng said, “I wish to walk alone.”

“Ah.”

Wu Ya nodded, “Right, the techniques he made are suited for us, not you all.”

Luo Feng was stunned for awhile before he realized she was referring to the green and purple dokus.

“Then I’m going.” Wu Ya happily skipped and vanished.

“My luck sure is good.” Luo Feng relaxed. “I wanted to find a way to move alone, I didn’t expect to get the chance so easily. Hm, I’ll head to where the black metal board is stored.” He began to fly madly about the palace.

Within the depths of the shrine.

Da La Sha sat crossed legged on the ice floor, his formless god energy permeating throughout the entire palace. He smiled, “Wu Ya’s headed to the technique shrine, Bei Fa has gone to the 10,000 item shrine. Wu Ya sure is something, she knew that Bei Fa wasn’t in a good mood, hence she didn’t keep him company, instead she headed off to the technique shrine. Bei Fa isn’t trained in our ways… it’s ok, there are all sorts of items there from the other races, it’ll help him cheer up.”

After which he closed his eyes and connected to the virtual world, chatting with other Dokus within.

To the special life form Dokus…

Over the long periods of time, there were indeed many daring explorers that have come before. Even though 99% of them had been caught, there would still be lucky ones. This made it so that there would always be others that would come and try their luck. After they are killed, the many treasures and items they carry with them were mostly useless to the Dokus, normally they were all just used as decoration and toys.

Da La Sha had placed all these toys within a shrine and called it the 10,000 items shrine.

The black metal board was located here as well!

…

Within the shrine.

Luo Feng turned casually and arrived there. As the entire palace had been scanned in detail by the monkey before, he already had a clear idea of the construct of the place.

“Right now, it’s just luck.”

He stepped in on the cold ground, his gaze fixed on a bunch of items before him, it was filled with everything, weapons, armors, special materials etc. They were all placed randomly, and they weren’t worth much, at least not to Luo Feng.

“Black metal board.” Luo Feng waved his hand and moved the items to the side, looking at the black metal board buried below.

“The third metal board.” He knew the moment he touched it that this was what he was looking for.

“Now it’s up to luck…I have to leave the moment I take it.” He thought. “It’ll take awhile from the palace to get out of Ice Hell star! Within this time, if Da La Sha discovers something off…then I’ll be in trouble. However, she shouldn’t be too wary of her own race, I have a chance.”

“And from the looks of it, seeing how the board is placed here casually, it’s obviously not valued.” Luo Feng didn’t hesitate anymore.

He kept the board in his world ring and headed out.

Sou!

He flew within the palace, not too fast or too slow.

As he headed out of the entrance of the palace, a voice resounded in his ears, “Bei Fa, you are returning? Not going to wait for Wu Ya?”

“No, I wish to return.” Even though he shook within, he still managed to say, “I’ll come visit teacher again soon.”

“Hm. Go on.” Da La Sha said affectionately.

Luo Feng couldn’t care about anything else, quickly flying out and heading out of the Ice Hell star. Even though he could teleport, it wasn’t something he dared to do…because the moment he teleported, he would be discovered. This was something the virtual universe company’s information had stated.

Even though he was in a rush, he had to continue flying.

…

Ice Hell star’s virtual world.

Within a vast plaza, Da La Sha was sitting with three other Dokus, drinking wine and shaking his head, “This child Bei Fa, I wonder what’s wrong, when he came to me earlier. He seemed to be troubled and I felt like there was some change.”

“Maybe his confession was rejected.” Another Doku laughed.

At 1,000 Dokus, even though they were unable to reproduce, the green dokus had always chased after the purple ones, living together. The green ones were more numerous, and the purple ones were less. Also, the purple dokus enjoyed living in solitude more, hence it was normal to face rejection.

“Da La Sha, you said Bei Fa visited you and was troubled? I just saw him with Bo Ya and they were laughing happily, playing some battle games.”

“Laughing?”

Da La Sha’s expression changed, the Dokus were pure, they wouldn’t lie to each other. How could he have been troubled earlier and then gone to play battle games, laughing happily at the same time?

…

Da La Sha who was sitting crossed legged within the shrine suddenly opened his eyes, his expression changed. A formless god energy swiftly spread outside, sweeping past mosha Luo Feng who had just flown out the pathway of the Ice Hell star. His spirit energy easily scanned through his body…discovering that the fake Bei Fa had a life crystal within.

“It’s not Bei Fa!”

“Intruder!” His eyes were instantly filled with murderous intent.

Shua!

Da La Sha instantly teleported and vanished from the shrine, appearing before Luo Feng.

Teleportation, this was forbidden within Ice Hell star!

Even though there were powerful Dokus that could do it, like Da La Sha, they normally didn’t use it, relying on universe travel to visit their friends. Because…the quickest method used by intruders was teleporting.

As long as the Dokus didn’t use it, the moment they discovered a teleportation space ripple, it would definitely be an intruder!

Other than that…when chasing down an intruder, they could all use it.

In all, discovering a teleportation space ripple meant intruders, or a major situation.

“Intruder!”

“An intruder is here?”

Within the many Ice Hell stars about, ten powerful Dokus felt the space ripple.

And within the two biggest Ice Hell stars, one with a diameter of 13,000 km and another with 96,000 km…the terrifying knights lived within them. The special life form knights, they were terrifying from birth.

“Intruder?”

“There’s an intruder?”

The two knights instantly felt it too.

…

“As long as I fly out of this Ice Hell star and accelerate to light speed, I’ll be able to escape.” Luo Feng rushed out of the pathway and continued to fly. As he got close to the outer surface, a powerful air force similar to earth’s atmosphere rushed forward.

He had to fly out to accelerate to light speed.

Rumble!

A powerful energy appeared in the air before him, it was the purple silhouette Da La Sha, filled with murderous intent, his eyes fixed on Luo Feng as he roared, “Intruder!”

Luo Feng who was flying out saw the silhouette, his expression changed.


Chapter 917: Flee

Da La Sha was filled with rage within, she didn’t expect an intruder to disguise himself as one of her clansman, she even rubbed his braids, this enraged her further.” No mercy!”

Rumble!

She teleported to the air above Luo Feng, looking coldly at the fake Bei Fa. Without saying anything she pointed a finger at him, a purple light instantly shot at Mosha Luo Feng. Luo Feng knew things weren’t good, “Shit, I’ve been discovered, plan c!”

He immediately teleported. However the purple light’s speed was incredibly fast, it shot through his body and a terrifying cold pierced his body, almost like it was freezing his consciousness. It couldn’t be helped, the power of this beam was against the soul, however it was completely useless against the mosha body which was immune to soul attacks.

Sou! He vanished.

…

“What!” She couldn’t believe it. She had used her full strength to freeze the enemy’s soul, yet he still escaped. She closed her eyes and sensed about, connecting with the space ripples…however Luo Feng’s teleport was too far away, exceeding her area.

“Da La Sha, don’t make such a mistake again, leave it to me.” A booming voice resounded within her mind.

“Leader, he stole a black metal board.”

“I know, leave it to me.”

“Yes leader.” She nodded, feeling unjust within.

Yet she still didn’t think that the thief could get away. As she teleported, the terrifying two knights had felt it. Even if she let the thief get away, with the two knights…anyone of them could easily catch up to him.

Sou!

Mosha Luo Feng appeared in the space far away before vanishing again.

Sou!

He appeared in the air above a continent before vanishing again.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

Madly teleporting about, everytime over one light year away, as he didn’t care about the dangers, and was simply fleeing as fast as he could…

…

In the air above a continent, a powerful green silhouette stood in space his eyes smiling, “This punk sure is fast. However he only knows how to teleport, compared to grasping the entire space laws…it’s an entire different level, how can he escape?”

He began to sense the ripples all about…easily finding a spot where there were teleporting ripples.

“There.”

He flashed and began to hunt.

Once one comprehended teleportation, whether it was a sector lord or emperor, the distance would all be about the same. It was a reflection of the comprehension of the space laws! Communing with the space ripples and teleporting via the ripples to a far away location.

Comprehending teleportation would allow one to usually sense up to one light year away in a particular direction.

However sensing in all directions, that was much more taxing. And the distance wouldn’t even be 1% of working in one direction. Hence, as Luo Feng fled…Da La Sha had no way to guess where he teleported to. The knights however were different.

Once one fully comprehends the space laws, the knight’s teleportation was much more powerful. They could easily teleport over 1,000 light years! Even sensing in all directions…they could cover over ten light years in area.

Luckily Luo Feng teleported constantly, changing his direction over and over. It would take the knight quite some effort to catch him.

Hu!

Mosha Luo Feng appeared above a mountain range, his hands and feet landing.

Sou!

He once again vanished!

A green silhouette appeared right after before vanishing again.

…

One was fleeing while the other one chased.

“This punk is really not stopping.” The green silhouette chased for ten seconds before he got impatient. As they teleported ten times per second, and he had originally wanted to easily capture this intruder. It was much harder now. He could only teleport after he detected where Luo Feng was.

The moment he confirmed, he teleported, however that time alone was enough for Luo Feng to get away.

“I’ll have to use some energy.”

He stood in space, surrounded by little black mountains. There were many ship remains amongst the mountains. This was one of the dangerous regions in the Black flower region, of course to the knights…he couldn’t be bothered, he unleashed his move.

Rumble!

A blinding green light shot out from his body, he instantly became a star, shooting lights in all directions.

He gave off such powerful energy to disturb the space ripples about, with a knight’s strength, he could control the entire space laws, allowing him to easily seal and disrupt space ripples! Just affecting the ripples was easy enough, but it had to be within a fixed area, he had burnt some of his undying energy, and his strength had soared to an unbelievable level…

Weng!

Almost like plucking a string, rippling throughout.

The knight had used his full strength to disrupt the space ripples around, spreading over ten light years.

A light year was a huge area.

In a normal fight, knights had no way to affect one light year in area. Even if it was simply affecting the space ripples, they still had to burn some undying energy to affect over ten light years.

Amidst the mist.

Mosha Luo Feng was about to teleport when he turned and sighed. He clearly felt the space ripples affected, with broken lines all over, even though they would recover quickly, for now…he couldn’t teleport.

Rumble!

A powerful pressure extended over, covering the space. The area around naturally had its space locked down too, the powerful seal… made Luo Feng immobile, almost like a full binding!

“Greetings knight.” Mosha Luo Feng shouted.

“Return to your original form, I don’t like killing my own clansman.” The voice boomed as the green silhouette appeared before him. He was about the same height as the other Dokus, but his pressure was much stronger. The willpower and strength he gave off…shocked even Luo Feng.

“Since you want to kill me, why order me to do something.” Luo Feng looked at the knight before him.

The green knight looked at him, “You sure got some guts. As a mosha clansman, you aren’t afraid of soul control.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

The mosha clansman didn’t have a soul, naturally it couldn’t be controlled. This was the difference in life forms itself! Luo Feng had checked up on this long ago, he was clear on this.

“Speak, mosha genius.” The knight looked at him. “A sector lord and yet you can teleport. Even amongst the mosha, you are definitely an absolute genius, but you came to us. What I’m curious about is, from the way you kept teleporting, you knew well you couldn’t escape, yet you still did something so useless, forcing me to burn 0.1% of my undying body! You should know that doing so would only enrage me. Knowing there’s no escape and enraging a knight, that’s not wise at all.”

“Yes!” Mosha Luo Feng smiled, “Kill me and you’ll know the reason.”

“Don’t tell me?”

The knight gave off murderous energy, revealing a look of rage, he waved his hand and with a rumble… a formless slap smashed the mosha body, instantly reducing him to nothing. Even the normal world rings and devices etc were all destroyed.

“Nothing! That black metal board…it’s gone!” The knight looked about. He had destroyed everything and even amongst the fragments, he didn’t find anything.

His expression changed.

Within the entire Ice Hell star…the other Dokus all didn’t know the importance of the black metal board, however only he and the other purple knight knew!

“I’ve been played!” He raged. “He must have placed it somewhere else when he teleported.”

…

In another area of the black flower region, thousands of light years away from Ice Hell star.

A living ship was floating.

Within.

Luo Feng stood in the control room, wielding the stone in his hand, smiling, “I’ve got it!”

To get this Nine volume manual, he had come up with many plans, just the mosha plan alone had six side plans! Enough to deal with all sorts of predicaments. This plan c…had taken in consideration the knights not being willing to burn his undying energy.

According to this plan, If the mosha body were to be discovered, immediately take the board and teleport away! After that, teleport over and over! The process had to be fast! Fast! Fast! No hesitation!

Teleporting over and over, even if the knight wanted to kill him, he wouldn’t bear to burn his undying energy immediately.

Only when he got impatient would he do so!

However…

In truth, within the mountain range from before, Luo Feng had arranged for a slave to be in a world ring there, hiding within. When the mosha teleported there and landed on the mountain, he would place a stone like world ring there and teleport away.

The green knight would keep chasing…not knowing that the slave had taken the ring away and gone through universe travel. After ten seconds in the dark universe, they would have already reached a far enough place.

“I’ve got the item, time to leave.”

“I lost an official Devil Shell monkey and the mosha body this time. However it would just take some energy to reproduce him.” Luo Feng wielded the stone and smiled.

Suddenly, a cold energy engulfed the area.

Luo Feng’s expression changed, turning.

A beautiful purple robed demon stood behind him. Luo Feng was stunned, he knew…just who this was. It was the other knight of Ice Hell star…the purple Doku knight!


Chapter 918: Ice Hell

“Purple Doku knight!” Luo Feng hated the fact that his plan still fell short. Now he was in trouble.

He bowed slightly to express respect, “Greetings purple Doku knight!”

“Little punk, you sure are impressive.” The knight looked at him and smiled elusively. “You actually manage to swindle the other knight and make him waste his time.”

“No matter, I still couldn’t escape from you.” Luo Feng shook his head, after which he turned curiously to him. “I wonder if you could explain to me how you managed to find me even after I got free from the green knight?”

The purple knight looked curiously at him, she didn’t expect the mastermind behind the stealing of the useless black metal board…to actually chat with her so casually. It was almost like he was speaking to his elder, wasn’t he worried at all? Worried that he would be killed? Wasn’t he worried that he would be made a soul slave?

“Purple knight.” Luo Feng was being stared down.

“Aren’t you afraid I’d kill you, that I’ll enslave you?” The knight asked.

“At this point, I have no way to resist, what’s the use?” Luo Feng said.

“Interesting.”

The purple knight smiled, “You little punk, you sent the mosha to steal, and he stole nothing but the useless special metal board. Even though it’s special, it’s still useless. Da La Sha had the Ice Hell stone, it’s interesting you didn’t go for that instead.”

“My underling was useless. His perspectives were too low and he knew too little about the treasures of the universe. When he saw the black metal board, he thought it was special and thought it was a treasure, hence he took it.” Luo Feng shook his head. “But he knew too…the stone would be guarded well, he’d have no chance of stealing it.”

“He is smart, if he went to steal the Ice Hell stone, Da La Sha would immediately suspect he was the fake Bei Fa.” The knight nodded. “I chanced upon this metal board back then, however after studying it for awhile, I didn’t find any use for it. Hence I took it as a toy and passed it around, it finally ended up with Da La Sha.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Toy?

Indeed, the Nine volume manual within the metal board was limited by the universe laws, only one person could use it. To others, it was completely useless. The two knights probably didn’t recognize its importance and took it as a toy.

“I wonder if the knight can release me, I’m willing to pay for my actions.” Luo Feng bowed. This wasn’t something he thought on the fly, but rather from the information he gathered from the virtual universe company. The two knights liked to collect treasures, some intruders that had been caught had used treasures to exchange for their lives before.

“Release you?” The purple knight looked curiously at Luo Feng. “Seems right, that black metal board is but a toy, I’ll sell it to you, but the cost wont be small.”

“Please speak.” Luo Feng was gleeful within.

There were pros and cons to the deal, but he didn’t expect to get lucky enough to get to keep the metal board.

“Seeing your moves, your background must not be ordinary, the cost would naturally…” her expression suddenly changed, she glanced at him and said seriously, “Punk, you actually forced green knight to burn part of his undying body and you’ve completely enraged him. It looks like I cannot let you go.”

Luo Feng’s expression changed, he naturally knew that the mosha had completely enraged the green knight.

“Come with me!” The purple knight didn’t say anymore, a formless space ripple spread throughout.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

There were three consecutive teleports, and each of them over 1,000 light years. When Luo Feng’s sight finally regained stability, they had already reached an incredibly cold planet. He looked around, this vast ice planet had many Ice Hell stars in the sky.

“This is on an Ice Hell star, and it’s an extremely huge one, it’s where either of the knights live.” Luo Feng thought.

“Where’s my ship?” He was originally in the ship, yet now it was gone. “Looks like they took my living ship away.”

Rumble!

A powerful energy appeared in the air and stared down at Luo Feng, it was the green knight.

“Haha…you sure got humiliated.” Purple knight laughed.

“Hmph, this human.” The green knight landed and stared at him. “You sent the mosha? Where’s his main body? He actually sacrificed himself so easily, that must not be its main body.”

“Green knight, the mosha’s real body is my friend.” Luo Feng said respectfully, “I specially got his help this time and I already owe him a favor, how can I rat him out?”

The purple knight spoke beside, “Stupid, if you just say a special person, like if this friend was the disciple of the Huge Axe founder, or the disciple of the Primal chaos city leader…anyway, any disciple of the super warriors of humanity. I wonder if he’d dare go take revenge.” The purple knight mocked.

“Hmph.” The green knight stared at Luo Feng. “Despicable! If I can just kill you like that, it would be too easy…”

Suddenly…

In the distant space, ripples occurred, ten silhouettes had come through universe travel over. Some were green while others were purple, they all landed down. And the numbers kept growing, more ripples kept appearing about.

“This is the one that acted as me?” Bei Fa stared at Luo Feng.

“The one that did has already been killed, this is the mastermind.” The green knight said.

“Leader is so powerful, killing that impostor and catching the mastermind.” Bei Fa said excitedly. Beside him the group of sector lords all stared at Luo Feng like he was some rare goods. The group of Dokus were all close and affectionate. Their treatment of the knights weren’t how sector lords usually treated knights with fear and respect, however it was almost like respect for their grandfather.

“Leader, you killed that intruder, he even held my hand.” Wu Ya seemed unhappy.

“That was an impostor.” Bei Fa shouted, “I’m the real Bei Fa!”

“I know.” Wu Ya said

The hundred Dokus all cheered. Da La Sha stared at Luo Feng, his eyes filled with murderous intent, it was obvious he was still angry from being deceived earlier.

“Two leaders, I wonder how you will deal with this human.” Da La Sha asked, immediately the rest of the Dokus all turned to the two leaders.

The green knight looked at the purple knight beside.

The purple knight laughed, “You seem enraged, you decide.”

“Hmph.” The green knight stared at him. “We have to slowly destroy him, Da La Sha…you will personally bind him, send him to the Ice Hell!”

“Yes!”

“Wa, Ice Hell?”

“This intruder sure is unlucky.”

“The Ice Hell is about to be opened again.”

The other sector lord dokus all cheered.

Luo Feng’s expression was ugly, he thought within, “Ice Hell? It’s just as I thought. As long as they don’t kill me…they’d definitely lock me in the Ice Hell, hm, there’s still a chance. I don’t have to get the city leader’s help yet.”

Why was this region called Ice Hell star?

The ice cold planets, why not simply call them ice stars, instead, Ice Hell stars? Why the word hell?

It was because of a legendary place within the area…that was Ice Hell. According to the information he had gathered, Ice Hell was a powerful special weapon similar to the sealed stars. It could lock up many warriors within, one of the two knights was in control of the weapon.

“Go.” Da La Sha and the others stared at him.

Luo Feng didn’t resist.

He allowed himself to be chained, what a joke, Da La Sha and the other two undyings were the top ten warriors of the Dokus. Their god bodies were all ten millions times stronger than a sector lord’s. With body and spirit energy amplification and etc…these three were all as strong as True Yan!

These were special life forms! Their basic genetics were much higher than humans, plus these three were the most exceptional of the undyings. Naturally they were extremely powerful.

Before, the mosha had escaped because soul attacks were useless against it, and with its teleportation, even True Yan wouldn’t have been able to chase him. It had to be a knight with a full grasp of the space laws, only such a warrior could have caught him.

…

Within the dark universe.

A ship was flying slowly, within the control room stood Tian Chen.

Within his world ring.

Howl! The golden horned beast’s huge body was lying there, its internal world was producing another mosha body.

Hu!

Black clothed Luo Feng appeared beside.

“Master.” Fu Shui and the others bowed respectfully.

“Luckily I left a back door.” He said softly. “I knew the great being’s mission wouldn’t be that simple, hence my main core had to absolutely stay safe. Afterall, the moment I fall, even if the Primal chaos city leader reversed time and space to revive me…I wouldn’t be able to have the star tower and other treasures. I’d also lose the Nine volume manual.”

Of all the plans, there was one simple prerequisite…the main core had to be safe.

Hence…

When the mosha body was in action, the earth body had separated from the beast’s body, the beast carried the main core and Tian chen and the others, flying in the dark universe.

“No matter how my plans fail, at least the main core will be safe.”

“The earth body has the tower pearl guarding the soul, hence he cannot be soul controlled. If a powerful attack hits, to protect the many treasures on the earth body, I’ll get the help of teacher.” Black cloth Luo Feng thought, “There’s no need at the moment, the two of them haven’t discovered my true treasures, they are simply locking me in the ice hell.”


Chapter 919: Stuck in Ice Hell

The two knights obviously didn’t know that this was but the earth body of Luo Feng. Even though he had the sha wu wings, the star map and tower pearl which were all incredibly important, if he was forced into a corner, Luo Feng would call his teacher the primal chaos city leader to show himself, and he would be able to take his treasures away.

The star map and tower pearl were almost considered true treasures. Even if the city leader discovered them…he wouldn’t take them away.

Hence he was still grounded within. The only thing was calling his teacher was his last choice. Until he was in a dire crisis, he would never do so.

Within the core of the purple knight’s ice hell star, there lay a majestic ice palace over 10,000 km tall.

Both knights walked side by side within the palace.

“Actually…I really want to slap this human to death!” The green knight said.

“Are you looking for death? The sitting mountain guest, just who is he? That’s one of the strongest in the entire universe! If we offend him, even with the warriors we know, no one would be able to protect us. If you want to die, don’t drag the clansmen with you.” The purple knight scolded him.

The green knight smiled, “I’m just saying, come on…we are both knights. What’s more, we are among the most powerful of knights in the universe, yet we have to put on a show before this human.”

“This was an order from mountain sitting guest, we definitely have to follow them. And he even gave us quite a bit of rewards.” The purple knight nodded.

“Back then…he had ordered for us to casually put the black metal board within an Ice Hell star, forbidding us from putting it on our stars, awaiting an intruder to steal it. He even said…as long as a flesh or blood life form stole it, we cannot kill him, we have to lock him in Ice Hell.” The green knight frowned. “That mosha was an energy life form. I killed it instantly…however the mastermind was actually a human!”

“Why do you think he gave such an order?” The green knight asked.

“Isn’t it obvious, he spent so much effort probably to nurture a strong warrior.” The purple knight’s eyes gleamed, “This human should have been picked by him.”

“Nurturing a disciple?” The green knight shook his head. “What a vicious teacher, he knew very well the rules of our Ice Hell, yet he still wants to send this human in? Even if his disciple is powerful, he should know what kind of warriors are within our ice hell.”

“Vicious.” The purple knight said. “It could be a tough training. If he can’t get past this, and the human dies…it’s akin to the sitting mountain guest killing him. Anyway, it’s none of our business.”

“Hm.” The green knight nodded.

The two chatted as they walked.

“However this human was indeed crafty, even I was fooled. How did you find the black metal board?” The green knight asked curiously. “When the sitting mountain guest gave the order back then, he said if some intruder managed to get away with the black metal board, so be it. Only if he was captured by us would he be sent to ice hell.”

“Hehe.”

The purple knight laughed.

“Quickly, tell me how you did it.” The green knight asked.

The purple knight smiled, “Didn’t the mosha teleport over and over with the board? Along the way, he disguised it as a rock in a world ring and placed it on a floating mountain range. That was when I took notice that another intruder took the rock and fled. I followed him and finally discovered the human! After observing him for awhile, I confirmed that the mastermind was the human, only then did I show myself.”

“No!” The green knight shook his head, “I was chasing the mosha all the while, you didn’t even chase. And the way he teleported…placing the ring on the mountain range would have only taken an instant. Even when I teleported over, I didn’t realize it, how did you? And how could you have caught up in time?”

The purple knight smiled mysteriously.

“Quickly tell me.” He asked curiously.

“Very simple.” She said proudly, “I left a small imprint on the black metal board. No matter where it goes, I can sense it. We all have our own markers, I can feel you constantly changing your location, however the black metal board stopped moving after a while. Hence, I immediately teleported to where it was hidden. I observed the other intruder take it away and followed, you know what happened next.”

“You…” The green knight stared, “You actually left an imprint! You left one on the board!”

“Why not?”

She smiled, “I’ve been very curious, as to this entire plot set up by the sitting mountain guest. I wanted to see just who it was for, however I was worried that he would get away without us knowing. To prevent that, I did this. Haha…he never once said we couldn’t do this. What’s more, he wanted us to catch the thief and send him to ice hell anyway!”

The green knight shook his head, he felt sorry for Luo Feng.

He had actually gotten away, but because of the purple knight’s curiosity…he got caught!

“Poor fellow, let’s hope he doesn’t die inside.” He shook his head.

“Anyway, we cannot intervene. Whether he lives or dies, that’ll depend on his luck. If he dies…he would have died under the sitting mountain guest’s training, it has nothing to do with us.” The purple knight shook her head.

“The sitting mountain guest ventures the universe in solitude. He is eccentric, even the super powers do not dare mess with him. It’s indeed true…he’s eccentric.” The green knight shook his head.

Within the huge Ice Hell star which was the green knight’s home, it had a majestic pillar that was about 800km thick and over 10,000 km tall.

Hu!

Four silhouettes rushed down. It was Da La Sha and the three powerful warriors that held Luo Feng captive. The space around them was completely locked down. It was obvious that one of them was maintaining the lockdown around them, preventing this crafty human from teleporting away.

They didn’t know that without the mosha body’s help, his earth body still had no way to teleport.

“That’s Ice Hell?” Luo Feng gazed at the huge ice pillar. An unbelievable energy engulfed the area about, one that was no weaker than the sealed star.

“Right, that’s Ice Hell!” Da La Sha held onto him and said coldly. “You seem relaxed, you are about to locked up, and you probably won’t get out even after a trillion years from the never ending fear and horrors within, finally dying within. Yet you aren’t nervous at all!”

“I’m already captured, what’s the use?” Luo Feng smiled.

His main core was with the golden horned beast far from the black flower region, it was within a slave’s god country. As long as he called for it…they could teleport via god country over and take him away.

Luo Feng gazed at the distant Ice Hell.

The legend of the ice hell was the most renowned one within this area! It was said that even though the knights would kill the captured intruders, if they captured some absolute warriors or some special undyings, they would lock them within.

Through the long periods of time and trillions of eras, nobody knows how many warriors were locked within! Their strengths within would naturally rise too.

Plus the two knights had forced the captured intruders to kill each other, training, killing, endless amounts of time within. With such pressure…it made the Ice Hell a madhouse.

“Unless I face a dire situation, I have no need to call my teacher. Also…on my way to becoming a true absolute warrior, I hope never to have to call him.” Luo Feng had long had this thought. From his point of view, being forced to call his teacher was humiliating.

If he had the strength, he would do it alone!

Growing along the way, even standing on par with his teacher, even surpassing him. Along this path…he didn’t wish to call him at all! This were his own standards.

A true warrior would never give himself excuses.

…

Da La Sha and the others grabbed onto Luo Feng and arrived before the Ice Hell.

“Human.” The green knight said fiercely, “Even though you are quite strong, the weakest captured within are at least emperors. Without that amount of strength…the leaders wouldn’t even bother locking them up within. And being locked for unknown lengths, killing madly within, let me give you some advice…if you fear all these, it’s better to self destruct. The darkness and madness within is not something you can take.”

“Ah, I am definitely anticipating it.” Luo Feng smiled

“This is your tag.” Da La Sha tossed it casually. A purple and green ice tag was thrown to him, and on it were demon race numbers.

Luo Feng received it.

“This is my identity?” Luo Feng was curious. Thinking within, this almost feels like the number given to earth prisoners.

“Go on.” Da La Sha pushed him strongly.

Hu!

Luo Feng was pushed straight to the edge, within hundred km of the Ice Hell.

In an instant…

Rumble…a terrifying swallowing force engulfed him, almost like an endless whirlpool.

Luo Feng immediately opened his wings within trying to resist it.

“Don’t resist, if you do, you’ll know the consequences.” Da La Sha and the others looked coldly at him.

“Seems right.” Luo Feng shook his head.

This was the territory of two knights, they could teleport here immediately.

“Then I’ll go check this Ice Hell out.” Luo Feng looked up at the source of the swallowing energy, a black cave had already split open from the Ice Hell, the many layers formed what seemed like a fan of leaves.

Rumble!

He was sucked right in.

Rumble…layers and layers of fan like leaves opened and closed, the huge ice pillar once again returned to its original form, and not a single trace of the slits was visible again.

From then on…

Luo Feng was locked in the Ice Hell.

“Enjoy yourself human!” Da La Sha looked coldly at the ice pillar.

“Let’s go Da La Sha.”

“Let’s go.”

They became beams of light and swiftly rushed into the sky.


Chapter 920: Danger

It was a vast ice world.

Hua! After being swallowed, Luo Feng felt a terrifying force act on his body. It was almost like a majestic mountain had pinned him down. With a flap of his wings, he withstood the force and floated in the air, gazing at the vast ice world.

“This is Ice Hell?” He looked about.

The space about seemed like it had trillions of unseen blades, causing the space to shake occasionally.

“This is indeed a true treasure. It frequently shakes the space, making it impossible to teleport via god country.” Luo Feng had expected this. Any true sealing treasure would definitely suppress god country teleportation. The requirements to teleport via god country were harsh, it had to be within a steady space.

During battle with the ripples of energy all around, one couldn’t teleport via god country.

“And I cannot teleport here.” Luo Feng sensed. The space ripples in here were completely cut off from those outside, “Even with the mosha body, I can at most teleport within Ice Hell, I cannot teleport out. This is pretty similar to the forbidden space within the Star tower.”

Star tower had countless forbidden spaces, and the warriors could only teleport within each space, but not out or to another.

…

Unable to teleport via god country or normal teleportation, all the while feeling like the weight of a mountain was on him, this was what Luo Feng felt when he entered Ice Hell.

The only thing he could be happy about was that he could connect to the virtual universe!

“Impressive.”

“I’ve been in the Star tower, Demon mountain, Primal universe, Blood river world…anyway, everywhere I’ve been to has allowed me to connect to the virtual universe.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but exclaim. This virtual universe truly was omnipotent, even within a true treasure, one could still connect.

“Master, the space around is too special, the large scanner cannot function properly. The mini scanner can still work properly.” Babata’s subsidiary AI reported the problem to him. Luo Feng nodded, the mini scanner was much more advanced than the large one, it could still be used in ice hell.

“For the green knight to lock me in here for an indefinite amount of time, it shouldn’t be that simple right.”

Luo Feng landed on the snowy ground.

He took several steps, each one over 1,000 km long, “I’ll explore this area and see why he actually locked me in here.”

As he walked within, the footsteps he left behind finally drew the attention of another warrior within.

“Claw marks?”

“What claws are these?” A blurry black silhouette landed on the snow. “None of the warriors in Ice Hell should have these, is there a new comer?”

“Hehehe…my chance has come.”

…

“This Ice Hell sure is vast.” Luo Feng suddenly stopped, looking around. “The binding is too strong, my spirit energy can only cover 10,000 km in area. Hence, I can only check a small portion of it at a time. I’ve already walked 100,000 km, yet I still can’t see the end of the snow and mountains.”

Just like a marble sized little sealed star has its own forbidden space within, or a world within a world ring.

This Ice Hell, as a true treasure of the green knight, had a space that far exceeded its outer appearance.

“Hu!” He took a deep breath, the chill entering his chest as he stride out again.

“It was said that there are many warriors within, I don’t believe I cant even meet one.” He continued forward.

…

He left many footprints in the snow, every one of them over 1,000 km apart. A normal human had no way to even track him. However to the strong, over 1,000 km was a simple step.

“Master, ambush!” The mini scan swiftly sent out a warning.

Rumble!

Luo Feng flapped his wings, causing the space around to shake as he flew up.

A black beam of light shot right past him and landed on the snow.

“Hm?” Luo Feng looked down from high above. There sat a crossed legged black life form, it had a body length of over 8m long, but its tail was even longer than its body. It had long fangs and eyes that were burning with black flames. It stared at Luo Feng, and its was body covered in black scales.

“Soul swallowing beast?” Luo Feng was stunned.

The soul swallowing beast was an incredibly rare creature of the universe, just like the golden horned beast and mosha which were rare as well, this was comparable to the mosha. Such a rare beast… had its own natural abilities, and it had two.

“Human, you actually recognized me.” A hoarse voice resounded from the beast.

“To actually meet a soul swallowing beast here in Ice Hell, haha, we have some fate.” Luo Feng smiled and descended. Landing on the snow, he smiled at the beast which was filled with killing intent, “Beast, I just entered Ice Hell. I wonder if you can explain to me the situation here in Ice Hell?”

“Arrogant human!” The beast howled and sprung forward.

Fast as lightning!

Within Ice Hell which had the powerful pressure, it was already much slower than before, however its current speed was still shocking.

“Hu.” Luo Feng flapped his wings and easily dodged.

“I’m willing to chat with you, why fight it out?” Luo Feng laughed easily.

The beast however howled hoarsely and vanished.

“Teleportation?” Luo Feng squinted.

Behind him, the beast appeared once again and opened its huge mouth to bite him. However Luo Feng detected it and flapped his wings…stopping the bite.

“Ka!” The beast bit hard on the sha wu wings, feeling the force of the G grade metal.

“Soul blade!” Luo Feng turned to face the beast. His powerful willpower became a spirit energy blade, infusing it with the beast god presence, he slashed it straight at the beast’s soul!

A simple soul attack!

Even though he wasn’t exactly very proficient in soul attacks, his willpower and consciousness were indeed strong enough to control such moves with precision. Unleashing a powerful illusion may still be very difficult, but a simple soul attack wasn’t that bad. Simply infusing the beast god presence in…even though his soul blade construction skills were considered crude, but his beast god presence had reached an incredibly high level. His move wasn’t weaker than a pinnacle emperor soul master’s attack.

Weng! The beast was stunned immediately by the attack.

Luo Feng waved his left hand.

Six black balls shot out, hitting the stunned beast’s body. Without any resistance, the first ball tore through its bones and muscles, the second one caused it to explode apart, while the others swirled within, dissipating the fragments that remained.

Hu!

The beast simply vanished.

“Vanished?” Luo Feng’s expression changed. “He didn’t regenerate or teleport, how did he just vanish? I didn’t even use the Fei Mo poison.” Teleporting required one to reform his body first. When a warrior was slashed into parts, the parts were unable to teleport on their own.

To vanish after being reduced to fragments usually meant one thing, the main body of the beast was far away. That way, even if it’s god body was destroyed, the scattered undying energy had its imprint long ago, it would naturally return to its main body.

“Is this…”

“Doppelganger!” Luo Feng thought, “This is just one of its doppelgangers.”

The soul swallowing beast had two natural abilities. The first was the terrifying attacking move soul swallow, the second one was its terrifying fleeing ability, doppelganger. The body formed from this ability…in terms of strength, was far from the main body. It was so weak it couldn’t even use its first ability.

However, it at least knew the laws, as long as the main body did, so would the doppelganger!

…

After being ambushed once, Luo Feng continued forward. He didn’t expect…that the soul swallowing beast would ambush him another two times.

The second time it had used a soul attack, with Luo Feng’s terrifying willpower and the beast god howl, he easily withstood it. He didn’t even need the tower pearl’s help.

The third time, the beast used illusions, which was still ineffective.

Luo Feng used the same methods to deal with him, using the stars from star map, he easily killed the beast!

“Master, that beast is using his doppelgangers to attack you over and over, he’s obviously testing your strength. If you aren’t too much of a threat, his real body would probably show itself. If you are too strong…he would carefully avoid you, he sure is crafty.” Ji Hong said within the world ring.

“Master didn’t even show his strength or use the Fei Mo poison.” Honed heart said.

Luo Feng brought two warriors within his world ring, the others all followed the golden horned beast’s body.

Honed heart was a soul master.

Ji Hong carried the ancient clock. With the two combined…in dire times, they could easily change the outcome of the battle. When Luo Feng was planning how to steal the black metal board back then, he had considered what would happen if he was caught. Hence he left two warriors to protect his earth body. His earth body after all had no way to burn undying energy, this was the biggest difference between him and the other warriors.

Without burning undying energy, he could win against many.

The moment they burnt their undying energy, he would be disadvantaged.

“I’ll patiently wait for him, let’s see if he shows himself.” Luo Feng continued to walk in the snow. He believed that there were other warriors around, “The green knight’s words before and Da La Sha’s warnings, they state that Ice Hell is terrifying, just which part of it is terrifying?”


Chapter 921: Path of Death

In the snow grounds over 100,000 km away from Luo Feng, a black silhouette lay hidden.

“Hehehe…this human can’t seem to teleport, but he is still very strong. Even though my doppelgangers only have a portion of my strength, he killed them so easily. He’s at least pinnacle emperor, it’s better to let the other punks deal with this guy first.” The silhouette vanished.

…

Luo Feng continued to walk unhurriedly, enjoying the scenery.

“That soul swallowing beast is not coming, I only showed a little of my strength and yet I scared him away. He sure is cautious.” Luo Feng continued on. He had been walking in a straight line for close to ten million km, yet other than that beast, he hadn’t discovered anyone else.

“Hm?” His eyes gleamed, in the distant ice mountain peak…there stood a silhouette.

The two of them stood 100,000 km away from each other. But with their vision, as long as there wasn’t anything obstructing, they could easily see each other.

The silhouette turned to face him!

He had a huge god body covered in fur, and his vertical eyes stared straight at Luo Feng.

“Katu race.” Luo Feng thought.

The Katu race were one of the subsidiary races under the demon race, they were renowned for their cold heartedness and ferocity. When Luo Feng confirmed the Katu warrior on the distant peak, he knew that a bloody fight was imminent.

Hua! The warriors instantly became a beam of light, leaving a resplendent silhouette as he rushed straight at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng stood there and looked up at him rushing over, patiently waiting.

The two of them got closer and closer!

The Katu warrior’s eyes were filled with madness and killing intent. This made Luo Feng display the same, “The warriors trapped in Ice Hell, why are all of them so direct in attacking their enemies immediately?”

Weng!

The Katu warrior unleashed space lockdown, making it impossible for both parties to teleport.

Luo Feng smiled within. This Katu warrior probably didn’t know how to teleport, in truth, he himself couldn’t either. Hence, there was no need for space lockdown at all.

“Human, die!” The warrior roared, “Either one of us will die today!”

Rumble!

A terrifying force rushed from the Katu warrior. Luo Feng who had been calm all this while was shocked, “Burning his undying body? He’s mad. Even if he wanted to fight me to the death, he needn’t have burnt his undying energy before even finding out my strength. Burning too much at once requires a long time to recover.”

Xiu! Luo Feng flapped his wings and swiftly dodged the attack from the Katu warrior.

“Katu warrior, I haven’t met you before, why have you burnt your undying energy without even knowing my strength? Even if you want to kill me, if I was weak, wouldn’t you have wasted your energy?” Luo Feng communicated.

Hua!

A ferocious blood colored blade slashed through the air, Luo Feng dodged it easily.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Luo Feng used the sha wu wings to dodge over and over. This Katu warrior before him was about pinnacle emperor level, the moment he burnt his undying energy… Luo Feng had no way to match force with him. He could only dodge more and let him burn more of his energy.

“Even after burning my undying energy, my speed still cannot match yours?” The warrior seemed to be lost in his madness. “Human, if you are strong enough, fight me head on! Even if I die, let me die from a head on fight.”

“Katu warrior, do you think I’m stupid?” Luo Feng easily dodged over and over.

The Katu warrior was incredibly powerful after burning his undying energy, but it was pointless. He couldn’t even touch Luo Feng…if the warrior had heard of Blade River’s name, he probably wouldn’t have done something so stupid. But it was obvious the warriors locked in Ice Hell, probably didn’t even know of Blade River.

“Haha…”

The Katu warrior suddenly looked up and laughed loudly, his laughter rippling in all directions like a shockwave.

He stood in mid air, not chasing anymore and laughed.

“Hahahahaha…hahaha…” He seemed mad. Even though he simply stood there and laughed, what shocked Luo Feng was that he continued burning his undying body, not stopping at all.

“Katu warrior.” Luo Feng spoke.

“Hahaha…this is fate, it’s fate.” The Katu warrior looked up and laughed. “I’ve grown all this while. When I was young I was even a genius…until I became an emperor and got powerful enough. However I was trapped in Ice Hell after! The moment that happened, I would never escape, spending the rest of eternity in here. My race has probably long forgotten about me, my loved ones are probably all dead, I guess only a few of my friends are alive.”

“I cannot leave.”

“Wasting so much time, and I still have to battle with all you punks, killing to survive. Haha, never relenting over a trillion eras. I cannot take it anymore. Old blind, Soul swallowing…you can all struggle, I’ll be taking my leave first.” His voice resounded in all directions.

The Katu warrior looked at the shocked Luo Feng, “Human, I wanted to die in a mad battle, I didn’t expect to not even get that chance.”

“Are you just giving up?” Luo Feng asked.

“What else can I do? Human…being in Ice Hell is the greatest torture.” He shook his head. “Unless you have an absolute being in your race that favors you and will come take you away personally. Otherwise, there’s no hope of ever getting out. My race has probably long forgotten about me.”

“I’m leaving.”

“Release.”

He exploded his body and a huge sun was generated from the blast, as endless energies shot in all directions. He didn’t even care about the human beside him, he was already lost in despair. As to whether the human survived the blast, he couldn’t even be bothered. If he died, so be it, that would be a release for the human too.

…

Deep in the ice mountains.

The soul swallowing beast sat crossed legged, hearing the voice that spread throughout Ice Hell, its fierce eyes shook with some hurt within.

“Old friend, are you just giving up?”

“If you wanted to die, why don’t you die by my hands, that way I’d have a chance of leaving.” The beast’s hoarse voice resounded within the cave.

…

Over 1,000 km deep in a snow cave, a wriggling silhouette sat crossed legged. It had a human like head, his eyes were closed as he sighed, “He’s free.”

…

In a majestic palace deep in the oceans of Ice Hell.

“Another idiot has given up, good, good, good. The more the merrier, the more dead the better. That way my chances of leaving are higher. Go and die you idiots.”

…

The many warriors locked for endless ages within Ice Hell all either felt hurt, laughed or were indifferent. They had different reactions, but no one was shocked, because this type of suicidal incidents had happened many times before.

The energies flowed madly about in mid air, Luo Feng gradually opened his wings that wrapped around him.

Floating in mid air, he looked at the world ring, weapons, armor etc that the Katu warrior left behind.

“Suicide?”

“Anyone able to reach emperor level should all have strong willpower? Which one doesn’t have their own believes? To actually be forced to suicide.” Luo Feng muttered. The words from the warrior before rang in his ears, he slowly began to understand why he did so.

“The Katu race, is a weak race. Even a strong demon warrior here cannot contact their race. Much less a subsidiary race like the Katu.” Luo Feng said softly. “They don’t have the virtual universe and have no way to make contact, they can only stay in here and suffer.”

“Killing is the main thing in Ice Hell.”

“After endless time, solitude, trapped and being unable to make contact. The endless killing and battles. One year, a hundred, 10,000 years…he finally crumbled within.” Luo Feng thought. This was the battle against solitude and time. Against time, if one was forever in solitude, even an emperor would crumble.

“What’s going on?”

Luo Feng was indeed shocked by the suicide of the Katu warrior, he no longer had the patience to walk about slowly, immediately becoming a beam of light and flying in the skies.

Xiu!

He shot across the skies.

He constantly recalled and pondered what happened before. The more he thought about it, the more shocked he was, “I was able to even withstand the life or death inheritance back then, but that was only over 6,000 years, yet every second and year became increasingly difficult. However, I stuck to my beliefs! If I was in the same situation as that Katu before, knowing my loved ones were long gone, would I be able to persevere for trillions of eras in Ice Hell?”

He asked himself.

Could he do it?

“Yes!”

“Definitely!” He nodded.

He would definitely leave and find a way to revive his loved ones.

If he couldn’t, he would take revenge on the green knight, as it was the knight that took away his precious time with his family.

“Strength, the green knight is strong, who is able to lock so many powerful warriors in here for his game.” Luo Feng thought. “If any of them managed to become a knight in here, the green knight would probably immediately eliminate him.”

…

Luo Feng flew in the skies, below him was an endless snowy plain, with ice mountains all around. He finally saw a transparent huge ice tablet.

The tablet was majestic, and on it carved were demon language words.

“No wonder…” He read the words and muttered. “What a vicious green knight!”

Chapter 922

Chapter 923: Ten Emperors

Luo Feng nodded after hearing what it said. He could understand how much those powerful ones who were detained for countless eras wanted to enter the “virtual universe,” as he saw and reunited with his family when he was adventuring in the universe. The virtual universe made Luo Feng feel as if it were reality, and he believed that those detained here had the same desire.

“Do you have an anonymous sensor?” the creature of Cang Jiang Clan suddenly asked.

Luo Feng was stupefied.

“I’ll do anything for you if you let me enter the virtual universe and get in touch with the outside,” the creature continued.

“I don’t have one,” Luo Feng said, shaking his head.

The creature was left in despair.

Luo Feng didn’t show any empathy because he knew that nobody could ever know that he had the sensor. If they did, he would become the common enemy to everyone in Ice Hell. And those powerful ones would conspire to attack him. Luo Feng was not that stupid.

“Let me ask you one more thing.” Luo Feng looked at the giant creature in front of him. “Do you all believe that you can make your way out if you get 10,000 tags?”

“I do! Of course, I do!” The creature looked more vital. “The green knight said it long before, in public, that he would not play us. And anyway, we have no choice but to trust him.”

Luo Feng frowned. “How was Ice Hell in the past eras? How many have survived? How powerful are they?”

“Killing. Backstabbing. Intrigue. One can do anything for that slight trace of hope.” The creature gave an ear-piercing laugh. “Humans. The powerful ones in Ice Hell were much more ruthless than those outside. Some are even willing to perish together.”

Luo Feng recalled the powerful one of the Ka Tu Clan and how it had blown itself up. It did have the intention of fighting Luo Feng and had wanted to perish with him. However, it couldn’t even touch him and didn’t even care whether or not Luo Feng was beside it when it committed suicide.

“As for powers,” the creature went on. “the potential of the powerful ones could be stimulated under extreme pressure. Since the infinite era, 860 powerful ones have survived.”

“860?” Luo Feng sighed because it meant that 11,000 undying were dead.

“Everyone was pushed to the edge,” the creature said. “And that’s why those who come from a strong bloodline have an advantage. Among the 860 survivors, peak emperors and high-level emperors were the least powerful, and high-level emperors can do nothing but hide. As for peak emperors, they have the guts to fight, but they’re in the bottom 800. Also, there are 50 limit emperors. On top of that, there are ten who are almost as powerful as invincible emperors and five who are, indeed, invincible emperors. Let me show you something.”

It waved its enormous arm, after which, a huge ice tablet fell from the sky. Luo Feng took a look. It was ten-meter tall ice tablet, on which were thickly dotted demon-race characters

“This is the ranking—the ranking of the powerful ones in Ice Hell.” The Cang Jiang creature groaned. “It was too lonely and dull to stay in Ice Hell, and it was impossible to practice at ease because you can be attacked at any time. During the infinite amount of time spent here, the ranking is one of the few things that pique our interest. One of the invincible emperors, Sky Wolf, ranked everyone according to their strengths.”

“How is it possible to rank everyone?” Luo Feng said, scowling. “When two are equal, it’s difficult to tell which one will prevail in a fight.”

“Of course, we know,” said the creature. “However, the ranking by Sky Wolf is credible, and it’s based on all the combat that has taken place in Ice Hell. Although they’re hopeless, getting into the top 100 or top 50 is an improvement for them.”

“Don’t you think it’s pathetic?”

“We’re so lonesome that we’re fixated on the ranking.” The creature laughed with its body trembling.

Luo Feng looked at the ranking on the tablet.

“It is good of you to defeat me,” the creature continued. “However, those terrifically powerful ones are very strong. Neither the five invincible emperors nor the ten that come close are easy to deal with. And you, as a newcomer, will surely be subjected to one sneak attack after another. Unless you can defeat the limit emperors and prove yourself, you will endure it forever.”

Luo Feng nodded. “Go,” he said.

“You’re really letting me go?” The creature couldn’t help asking.

Luo Feng looked at him. “I’ll change my mind if you don’t.”

“I’ll give you a suggestion, human,” said the creature. “Don’t have any form of kindness here, or you’ll only end up with misery.”

The creature’s voice echoed in the sky while he escaped using teleportation. Luo Feng had already undone the “space.”

Luo Feng looked at the tablet on the ground and remembered everything on it with a glance. He then put it into the world ring. As for the advice from the creature, he didn’t take it to heart. The powerful didn’t change their personalities just because of a line from others.

“Creature of Ka Tu Clan, ranked 732,” Luo Feng mumbled. “Creature of Cang Jiang Clan, ranked 611. Soul-Swallowing Beast, ranked 102.”

He realized that the creatures of the Ka Tu Clan and the Cang Jiang Clan, whom he had defeated, were ranked at the bottom, whereas the soul-swallowing beast was ranked high because of its gift.

Luo Feng had a clear picture of Ice Hell by reading the passage on the tablet. In the center of Ice Hell was Ice Sea. There were five districts in Ice Hell: Ice Sea, Eastern Ice Hell, Western Ice Hell, Northern Ice Hell, and Southern Ice Hell. The five invincible emperors had their own “manors” and would fight each other only under uncommon circumstances.

“Three of the invincible emperors are special creatures, Luo Feng muttered to himself. “One of the remaining two is from the Ci An Clan, the other is this Sky Wolf from the royal demon race.”

The golden-horned beasts were ten times stronger than humans. The bodies of human peak emperors were 100,000 times more forceful than those of sector lords, whereas the bodies of the beast were 1 million times more forceful.

Nevertheless, the weakest special creatures could match the level of golden-horned beasts, not to mention the ones in Ice Hell. The weakest special species was 60 times as forceful than human beings, and the strongest was 200 times as forceful. Putting aside other amplitude scrolls, the strongest one out of the three peak emperors was 20 million times more forceful than sector lords. How unbelievable!

The Ci An Clan was a scarce race in the universe and was comparable to the Mo Sha Clan. They were ten times more forceful than humans. Sky Wolf, on the other hand, was the least gifted one and was six times more forceful than humans. In short, the five invincible emperors were highly gifted, per se, and after an infinite amount of time of torture, every one of them had tremendous powers.

“Three special creatures survived Ice Hell, and all of them became invincible.” Luo Feng sighed. “Special creatures are indeed almighty. The constitution of human bodies is comparatively weaker, and it was more difficult for them to reach the invincible level.”

Luo Feng gradually realized the disadvantages facing the human races in the universe. Humans were barely mediocre when it came to body constitution. However, a few of the supreme beings that could shake the whole universe came from the human race.

Luo Feng built an underground residence in the snow beside the Ice Sea. He was practicing there temporarily.

“According to the ranking on the tablet, each of the invincible emperors is as powerful as my teacher, True Yan Emperor,” Luo Feng whispered. “I’m not capable enough to get 10,000 tags, but it’s a good thing. I’ll treat it as a chance to steel myself, after which I’ll defeat them one by one. Only then will I walk out of Ice Hell. As for purple knight, it doesn’t matter whether it means to let me go or not. If it wants to toy with me, I’ll summon my teacher, Burgrave of Chaos City. I’ll make it lose everything.”

Luo Feng closed his eyes and cleared his mind. While everyone else was busy trying to get out of here, Luo Feng would treat it as a practice field.

A three-meter-high red creature covered with bony spurs marched through the snow. It wore a scarlet mask, and the 10,000-square-kilometer area was engulfed in fire under the hefty law. Everywhere it touched evaporated.

However, when it walked by, the water in the boiling lakes coagulated into snow under the effects of Ice Hell, as if nothing had happened.

It stopped and looked down.

“Footprints,” it said. “A stranger’s footsteps.”

The voice had echoes in its chest.

“There is a stranger in Ice Hell,” it said. “How reckless was he that he dared not to erase his footsteps? Is it confidence?”

It strode. The snow it passed by turned into boiling lakes, and the entire law field was under its detection.

Eventually, it reached the shoreline of Ice Sea.

“Hong!”

A silver shadow jumped up into the sky. He opened his wings and floated in the air, overlooking everything beneath.

The barbarian looked up at Luo Feng and smirked. That giant eye was filled with madness.

“Human!” it bellowed.

“Bone Emperor, ten of the limit emperors,” Luo Feng said, looking down upon it with this information in his mind. “Ranked 11.”

Five invincible emperors and the ten top limit emperors were the 15 most powerful creatures in Ice Hell. Other than those five invincible emperors, the ten limit emperors weren’t scared of anything.

“Human! Human!” it growled, growing madder by the second.

“Bone Emperor!” Luo Feng’s voice passed over from the above.

The sense of war and killing intent permeated the air.


Luo Feng nodded after hearing what it said. He could understand how much those powerful ones who were detained for countless eras wanted to enter the “virtual universe,” as he saw and reunited with his family when he was adventuring in the universe. The virtual universe made Luo Feng feel as if it were reality, and he believed that those detained here had the same desire.

“Do you have an anonymous Scanner?” the creature of Cang Jiang Clan suddenly asked.

Luo Feng was stupefied.

“I’ll do anything for you if you let me enter the virtual universe and get in touch with the outside,” the creature continued.

“I don’t have one,” Luo Feng said, shaking his head.

The creature was left in despair.

Luo Feng didn’t show any empathy because he knew that nobody could ever know that he had the Scanner. If they did, he would become the common enemy to everyone in Ice Hell. And those powerful ones would conspire to attack him. Luo Feng was not that stupid.

“Let me ask you one more thing.” Luo Feng looked at the giant creature in front of him. “Do you all believe that you can make your way out if you get 10,000 tags?”

“I do! Of course, I do!” The creature looked more vital. “The green knight said it long before, in public, that he would not play us. And anyway, we have no choice but to trust him.”

Luo Feng frowned. “How was Ice Hell in the past eras? How many have survived? How powerful are they?”

“Killing. Backstabbing. Intrigue. One can do anything for that slight trace of hope.” The creature gave an ear-piercing laugh. “Humans. The powerful ones in Ice Hell were much more ruthless than those outside. Some are even willing to perish together.”

Luo Feng recalled the powerful one of the Ka Tu Clan and how it had blown itself up. It did have the intention of fighting Luo Feng and had wanted to perish with him. However, it couldn’t even touch him and didn’t even care whether or not Luo Feng was beside it when it committed suicide.

“As for powers,” the creature went on. “the potential of the powerful ones could be stimulated under extreme pressure. Since the infinite era, 860 powerful ones have survived.”

“860?” Luo Feng sighed because it meant that 11,000 undying were dead.

“Everyone was pushed to the edge,” the creature said. “And that’s why those who come from a strong bloodline have an advantage. Among the 860 survivors, peak emperors and high-level emperors were the least powerful, and high-level emperors can do nothing but hide. As for peak emperors, they have the guts to fight, but they’re in the bottom 800. Also, there are 50 limit emperors. On top of that, there are ten who are almost as powerful as invincible emperors and five who are, indeed, invincible emperors. Let me show you something.”

It waved its enormous arm, after which, a huge ice tablet fell from the sky. Luo Feng took a look. It was ten-meter tall ice tablet, on which were thickly dotted demon-race characters “This is the ranking—the ranking of the powerful ones in Ice Hell.” The Cang Jiang creature groaned. “It was too lonely and dull to stay in Ice Hell, and it was impossible to practice at ease because you can be attacked at any time. During the infinite amount of time spent here, the ranking is one of the few things that pique our interest. One of the invincible emperors, Sky Wolf, ranked everyone according to their strengths.”

“How is it possible to rank everyone?” Luo Feng said, scowling. “When two are equal, it’s difficult to tell which one will prevail in a fight.”

“Of course, we know,” said the creature. “However, the ranking by Sky Wolf is credible, and it’s based on all the combat that has taken place in Ice Hell. Although they’re hopeless, getting into the top 100 or top 50 is an improvement for them.”

“Don’t you think it’s pathetic?”

“We’re so lonesome that we’re fixated on the ranking.” The creature laughed with its body trembling.

Luo Feng looked at the ranking on the tablet.

“It is good of you to defeat me,” the creature continued. “However, those terrifically powerful ones are very strong. Neither the five invincible emperors nor the ten that come close are easy to deal with. And you, as a newcomer, will surely be subjected to one sneak attack after another. Unless you can defeat the limit emperors and prove yourself, you will endure it forever.”

Luo Feng nodded. “Go,” he said.

“You’re really letting me go?” The creature couldn’t help asking.

Luo Feng looked at him. “I’ll change my mind if you don’t.”

“I’ll give you a suggestion, human,” said the creature. “Don’t have any form of kindness here, or you’ll only end up with misery.”

The creature’s voice echoed in the sky while he escaped using teleportation. Luo Feng had already undone the “space.”

Luo Feng looked at the tablet on the ground and remembered everything on it with a glance. He then put it into the world ring. As for the advice from the creature, he didn’t take it to heart. The powerful didn’t change their personalities just because of a line from others.

“Creature of Ka Tu Clan, ranked 732,” Luo Feng mumbled. “Creature of Cang Jiang Clan, ranked 611. Soul-Swallowing Beast, ranked 102.”

He realized that the creatures of the Ka Tu Clan and the Cang Jiang Clan, whom he had defeated, were ranked at the bottom, whereas the soul-swallowing beast was ranked high because of its gift.

Luo Feng had a clear picture of Ice Hell by reading the passage on the tablet. In the center of Ice Hell was Ice Sea. There were five districts in Ice Hell: Ice Sea, Eastern Ice Hell, Western Ice Hell, Northern Ice Hell, and Southern Ice Hell. The five invincible emperors had their own “manors” and would fight each other only under uncommon circumstances.

“Three of the invincible emperors are special creatures, Luo Feng muttered to himself. “One of the remaining two is from the Ci An Clan, the other is this Sky Wolf from the royal demon race.”

The golden-horned beasts were ten times stronger than humans. The bodies of human peak emperors were 100,000 times more forceful than those of sector lords, whereas the bodies of the beast were 1 million times more forceful.

Nevertheless, the weakest special creatures could match the level of golden-horned beasts, not to mention the ones in Ice Hell. The weakest special species was 60 times as forceful than human beings, and the strongest was 200 times as forceful. Putting aside other amplitude scrolls, the strongest one out of the three peak emperors was 20 million times more forceful than sector lords. How unbelievable!

The Ci An Clan was a scarce race in the universe and was comparable to the Mo Sha Clan. They were ten times more forceful than humans. Sky Wolf, on the other hand, was the least gifted one and was six times more forceful than humans. In short, the five invincible emperors were highly gifted, per se, and after an infinite amount of time of torture, every one of them had tremendous powers.

“Three special creatures survived Ice Hell, and all of them became invincible.” Luo Feng sighed. “Special creatures are indeed almighty. The constitution of human bodies is comparatively weaker, and it was more difficult for them to reach the invincible level.”

Luo Feng gradually realized the disadvantages facing the human races in the universe. Humans were barely mediocre when it came to body constitution. However, a few of the supreme beings that could shake the whole universe came from the human race.

Luo Feng built an underground residence in the snow beside the Ice Sea. He was practicing there temporarily.

“According to the ranking on the tablet, each of the invincible emperors is as powerful as my teacher, True Yan Emperor,” Luo Feng whispered. “I’m not capable enough to get 10,000 tags, but it’s a good thing. I’ll treat it as a chance to steel myself, after which I’ll defeat them one by one. Only then will I walk out of Ice Hell. As for purple knight, it doesn’t matter whether it means to let me go or not. If it wants to toy with me, I’ll summon my teacher, Burgrave of Chaos City. I’ll make it lose everything.”

Luo Feng closed his eyes and cleared his mind. While everyone else was busy trying to get out of here, Luo Feng would treat it as a practice field.

A three-meter-high red creature covered with bony spurs marched through the snow. It wore a scarlet mask, and the 10,000-square-kilometer area was engulfed in fire under the hefty law. Everywhere it touched evaporated.

However, when it walked by, the water in the boiling lakes coagulated into snow under the effects of Ice Hell, as if nothing had happened.

It stopped and looked down.

“Footprints,” it said. “A stranger’s footsteps.”

The voice had echoes in its chest.

“There is a stranger in Ice Hell,” it said. “How reckless was he that he dared not to erase his footsteps? Is it confidence?”

It strode. The snow it passed by turned into boiling lakes, and the entire law field was under its detection.

Eventually, it reached the shoreline of Ice Sea.

“Hong!”

A silver shadow jumped up into the sky. He opened his wings and floated in the air, overlooking everything beneath.

The barbarian looked up at Luo Feng and smirked. That giant eye was filled with madness.

“Human!” it bellowed.

“Bone Emperor, ten of the limit emperors,” Luo Feng said, looking down upon it with this information in his mind. “Ranked 11.”

Five invincible emperors and the ten top limit emperors were the 15 most powerful creatures in Ice Hell. Other than those five invincible emperors, the ten limit emperors weren’t scared of anything.

“Human! Human!” it growled, growing madder by the second.

“Bone Emperor!” Luo Feng’s voice passed over from the above.

The sense of war and killing intent permeated the air.


Chapter 924: Secret Moves

The fights during the infinite time in Ice Hell stripped away the hopes of the lowly ones like “Creature of Cang Jiang Clan” and “Creature of Ka Tu Clan,” leading some to even want to commit suicide. However, creatures like “Soul-Swallowing Beast” didn’t have any death wishes. As for the ten rampant emperors who basically ruled Ice Hell, each of them was fraught with ambition.

Although they were still at a disadvantage compared to the five invincible emperors, it was possible for them to catch up and get out.

Fight! They fought excessively to improve themselves.

Bone Emperor was filled with hostility and gazing at Luo Feng. “You didn’t run away. Good for you.”

“The ten emperors’ fame is widespread,” Luo Feng said. “If other creatures in Ice Hell run into you, they would indeed run away. As for me, I won’t run if I’m not defeated by you.” Luo Feng was floating in the air. “I’ll run like hell if you defeat me.”

“You won’t have a chance, by then,” Bone Emperor said in a deep voice echoing in his chest. The space around it was frozen, thus neither of them could teleport.

Hong!

Bone Emperor vanished and rushed at Luo Feng like a beam of light. “Hua!” Luo Feng cried, vibrating his wings, leaving a locus with twists. At the same time, eight black balls appeared around his hands. He threw them randomly with the law engravings on the balls triggered. Innumerable golden threads bustled, and a beast god came into being.

Bone Emperor didn’t scratch anything. It turned around and looked at Luo Feng and the beast god from afar, smiling as it said, “Fast enough. And he’s a controller. Good.”

“How!” The beast god marched toward it, roaring.

Bone Emperor laughed furiously.

Peng!

A blurry reflection of the whip clashed with Bone Emperor’s claw, creating a shockwave that tore the surroundings apart. Bone Emperor was blown away by the force, and the beast god became indistinct for a while before solidifying again.

Seeing the snow turn back to its original shape, Bone Emperor looked up at Luo Feng and said, “Human, now I admit that you’re qualified to see my real fight form.”

His voice was like thunder reverberating in the air. At the same time, Bone Emperor suddenly even more unbelievable. His bone spurs contracted into his body, and his entire body was heightened. The color of its body changed from red to white. The moment it stopped transforming, it became silvery white, covered with armor made of twisted bones.

“This is your fighting form, Bone Emperor? Great.” Luo Feng shot him a sharp look. “Take this!”

It was the limit of will. The strong will was guiding his conscience, and the beast god became more distinct under spiritual force, marching toward Bone Emperor. However, Bone Emperor stood with confidence and only waved its right claw when the beast god’s tail slashed toward it.

Slice!

The right claw tore the space apart, whereas the tail of the beast god retreated before whipping incessantly.

“Sneaky guy.” Bone Emperor said as it rushed toward Luo Feng.

Its claws became phantoms. There was a pair of gloves on its claws, and that pair was the only treasure it had. If there was anything different between the powerful ones from inside Ice Hell and those from the outside, the number of their treasures was a clear indicator.

Like Bone Emperor, it could get several treasures given its status. However, it only got one here. Nevertheless, after the struggle between life and death and the countless pressures, Bone Emperor was able to make the best use of the gloves. Although it had only one treasure, it could wield the power that resembled that of the several treasures combined owned by the powerful ones outside.

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

Bone Emperor faced the beast god, and its claws became countless phantoms, making attacks continuously.

Peng!

The tail of the beast god was finally cracked, and the eight black balls were destroyed.

“How mighty!” Luo Feng muttered. He was stupefied by how Bone Emperor had dashed and destroyed the beast god in its fight form. The power of Bone Emperor was at “Hei Ti emperor” level, and this form of madness was even more terrifying.

“Die, human!” Bone Emperor flew directly at Luo Feng the moment it defeated the beast god.

Heng!

Luo Feng shook his wings and escaped.

“Bone Emperor, I admire your power,” said Luo Feng. “I’m not your match, and therefore, I’ll take off now. I’ll fight you next time.”

Luo Feng had already flown away by the time his voice reached Bone Emperor. It stopped halfway and growled, seeing how fast Luo Feng was. It looked at Luo Feng’s silhouette from afar.

“This human being is indeed extremely fast,” it said. “Faster than the five invincible emperors. It seems there will be another superpower in Ice Hell.”

Even though Bone Emperor had barely fought with Luo Feng, it could immediately tell Luo Feng’s power. He was a little stronger than average emperors, while he had the fastest teleportation speed in Ice Hell. Such a human being could certainly post a threat to the ten most powerful limit emperors.

“There’s going to be more fun,” said Bone Emperor. “More fun in Ice Hell.”

Bone Emperor was pleased. It didn’t care for the dull times spent in Ice Hell, and it wanted some creatures with special power here to spice things up.

After fleeing from the space range, Ji Hong Emperor appeared deep in the snow and teleported Luo Feng to eastern Ice Hell. It built an underground residence deep in the snow.

“I underestimated the creatures in Ice Hell.” Luo Feng recalled the battle with wine in his hand. “I thought those creatures weren’t that powerful when detained in a place where they had only gradually grown stronger. I thought they didn’t have treasures, and even if they did, that only the most powerful ones would have one or two. But I was wrong.”

The power of one treasure can match that of ten if it’s properly used, Luo Feng thought.

The powerful could only concentrate on one of the treasures they had in a combat.

“Also, the powerful ones in Ice Hell are different from those outside. They had more pressure and were pressed more harshly, which forced them to improve themselves no matter what. If they could acquire a single treasure, they would study it thoroughly and make the best use of it.” Luo Feng kept contemplating. “Although the powerful outside will also study their treasures, they won’t put up so much effort.”

“Bone Emperor… Its body constitution barely enters the threshold of average emperor. However, it has a treasure that is the perfect match for its claws. The movement of its claws and body perfectly coordinate with each other.”

Luo Feng believed it was the secret move invented by Bone Emperor because it was impossible to reach such a level by studying others.

Luo Feng nodded his head while contemplating. The powerful in Ice Hell concentrated more on themselves and were more capable of wielding the power of treasures. The powerful outside had more treasures and moves. This was the key difference between them

“I was wrong,” said Luo Feng. “Ever since I created the first move of Moon Policy and left Chaos City, I haven’t studied any secret moves.” Luo Feng sighed. “Not until today do I realize how important it is to have a series of secret moves that correspond to the treasure. My treasure, the star map, is mighty, and I need to come up with a series of secret moves to better utilize it.”

Moon Policy was the law of blade, which was the combat method of Sha Wu Wing. After all, the golden-horned beast that Luo Feng owned did close combat, and Sha Wu Wing couldn’t be wasted. Hence, he must keep up designing Moon Policy. However, Luo Feng needed another set of secret moves that were fit for a spiritual force leader.

“Let’s begin,” Luo Feng muttered. “Treasures, genes, amplitude, and secret moves. Some of them focus on the outer body and some on the inner. I don’t need to train the outer body now because I can’t gain any process in a short time, so I’ll train my inner capabilities. The star map can only be better utilized if I can come up with secret moves.”

The star map was the most suitable treasure for Luo Feng!

Although the tower pearl, the star map, and Sha Wu Wing were all invaluable treasures, they had different uses. Sha Wu Wing was used to escape, where the tower pearl was for soul stabilization. As for the star map, it was used for attack. Sha Wu Wing couldn’t help much if Luo Feng wanted to increase his combat capabilities. However, the star map could wield tremendous power if it was fully utilized. Precious few of the invincible emperors had treasures for attack.

Luo Feng began his practice deep in the snow and connected to the virtual universe. He experimented in the virtual universe with his new moves over and over again. He didn’t need to simulate the star map; all he needed to do was get a weapon with spiritual force that was in the same class.

“He paid attention to spiritual-force weapons now.” The master of Chaos City had doubts, even while providing one competitor after another for Luo Feng.

Luo Feng had been using blades before. However, the master of Chaos City didn’t criticize Luo Feng because he knew that Luo Feng would only learn a lesson after suffering losses. What he didn’t know was that Luo Feng was most suitable for spiritual-force weapons— and would be even more so when he became an undying.


Chapter 925: Searching for Humans

News spread in Ice Hell that Luo Feng was trying to create a series of secret moves for the star map using the virtual universe.

“How can I be lying about it?” gossiped one. “The combat between the human and Bone Emperor was incredible, and the energy wave made me watch it from afar. I saw it with my own eyes, and everything I have told you is true.”

“It’s too outrageous,” replied another. “You’re saying that the human is able to teleport himself ten times faster than Bone Emperor and is the fastest one in Ice Hell? The five invincible emperors in Ice Hell all possess extraordinary skills, and three of them are special creatures. How can they be slower than this human?”

“This is the truth!” The one who shared the news was irritated.

“I’m not saying that I don’t believe you. We’ve been taking care of each other like siblings, and that’s how we have survived until now in Ice Hell. But I just can’t believe he can be that fast. It’s just preposterous and too terrific to be convincing.”

“I could feel the wave from the combat,” said another. “I flew out of the sea and watched it stealthily. This is what I saw.”

“Come on. At least make yourself sound more reasonable, even if you’re making stuff up.”

Ice Hell was not an excessively enormous place, and lots of creatures hiding in the icebergs, beneath the snow, or deep within the Ice Sea had been watching furtively when then sensed the wave, which was how the news began. However, only the stories told by the top beings were believed.

Nevertheless, everything changed after Bone Emperor complimented the human and said he was the fastest in Ice Hell. The story became much more convincing when it came from Bone Emperor’s mouth. Besides, Bone Emperor wouldn’t lie, considering how full of itself it was.

Ten years later…

One of the five invincible emperors, Sky Wolf, posted an updated version of the rankings in Ice Hell, and the human newcomer was ranked 18! Apparently, Sky Wolf thought highly of the human, which was why he had ranked him at 18 after the mere three fights Luo Feng had. In the profile for Luo Feng, it said, “Speedy.”

If the rumors were favorable to the human newcomer initially, the rumors that followed were not so much.

“That human must possess an anonymous account to connect to the virtual universe.”

“He’s the only human in Ice Hell, and he is definitely able to connect to the virtual universe by himself. He must also have a high social status, given his powers, not to mention that he’s a spiritual force leader who can control some slaves, and he needs to use an anonymous account in the virtual universe to accomplish that.”

These rumors were logical and convincing. The virtual universe? An anonymous account? These things were already fairly attractive to the creatures in Ice Hell. They were patient, however, thanks to the time they had spent here, and they did not act on their intentions at first.

After a while, some creatures started to look for Luo Feng in private, but only a considerably small portion of them actually had the guts to challenge him, since they knew how strong he was.

Only a few of them could actually find Luo Feng.

“Why can’t I find him?”

“Where is he hiding at?”

“Why can’t we find him? Ice Hell is not that big of a place, and we’ve searched every inch of it.”

The several powerful creatures looking for Luo Feng were a little irritated. Theoretically, it should have been easy for them to use godly power to find him. What they didn’t know was that Luo Feng owned a highly developed “micro-detector” that could completely hide his information. There were a couple of other creatures that owned the micro-detectors, but those were more primitive than that of Luo Feng. They just could not find him.

A strong creature in Northern Ice Hell known as Silver Eye lived at the peak of an iceberg, where a splendid palace was built.

Silver Eye ranked second in all of Ice Hell and was one of the five invincible emperors. His eyes were closed most of the time. However, if he opened his eyes and someone was spotted, that creature was doomed.

“Virtual universe?” On the throne of the palace sat a 30-meter tall god in white battle armor. He had a giant pair of slanted eyes, and his entire body was vibrating, which emanated invisible waves that affected time.

Two emperors, manipulated mentally by Silver Eye, groveled on the ground before the throne. Nobody wanted to be a slave due to despair in Ice Hell, so the only way was mind control.

“Master, according to the information, nobody saw that human possessing an anonymous account,” said the first slave. “However, he is a spiritual force leader, which mean it’s highly likely that he has a device to connect to the virtual universe.”

“I think so too, master,” the second slave spoke up.

“I want to see this human,” Silver Eye declared.

“Master, nobody has been able to find him.”

“He excels at hiding himself.”

“Oh?” The enormous silhouette marched down from the throne and said, “Then I’ll go look for him myself. It’s been a long time since I last left Northern Ice Hell, but it’s well worth it to acquire the anonymous account and placate my loneliness.”

He then walked out of the palace and started to search for Luo Feng.

Although Silver Eye was ranked the second in Ice Hell, it was difficult to tell which one of the five invincible emperors was the strongest because, for a significant amount of time, each of them had focused on occupying a single district. As for Silver Eye, he was good at law of time and was a special creature. Therefore Luo Feng’s speed was nothing to him. Speed was useless in front of Time Pause. He left his palace only because he was sure that Luo Feng wouldn’t get away.

Silver Eye began to look for Luo Feng without concealing the news. Incredible to all the creatures in Ice Hell was that even Silver Eye could not find the human.

Inside his cave in Eastern Ice Hell, Luo Feng’s micro-detector had been on stealth zone the whole time. He had changed his own detector to the micro-detector worth tens of billions of mixed elements with the huge amount of fortunes he had earned in the outer-sector battlefield. Luo Feng intended it to be his life-saving straw, so naturally, he was willing to purchase the top-tier one.

Luo Feng sat in the hall with his legs crossed and his mind connected to the virtual universe. Inside the practice field of the virtual universe, he did battle.

Howl!

The giant beast was entrenched in the sky with its mouth breathing fire toward Luo Feng.

“Tail of beast god, concentration!”

There were 160 golden pearls with intricate engravings floating around Luo Feng. They flew out under Luo Feng’s control like traces of light and became tens of thousands of golden threads. Suddenly, a 1,000-meter-long beast god appeared in the sky.

This beast god was nothing like the one under Beast God Soldier. Beast God Soldier had six moves, which were all invented by Xi Luo Duo. Once they were exercised, the phantom of the beast god became real and started to evolve. When the sixth move was exercised, the phantom became almost indistinguishable from the real beast god.

The phantom created by Luo Feng, however, was completely different. The phantom looked pretty vague and blurry except for the tail, which was made of hard, bony scutes. It looked exactly like the tail of the real beast god.

“Xi Luo Duo had never seen the real beast god sculpture,” Luo Feng murmured, “whereas I own it and am able to see each engraving on the scute. My golden-horned beast avatar has been studying the engravings on the tail for 100 years, and my secret move focuses on the tail. All the other parts of the body were illusory but the tail. Xi Luo Duo wasn’t wrong. He never owned a beast god sculpture, so he needed to improve the phantom as a whole gradually. I, however, actually have it, and thus I’m able to concentrate the spiritual force in one place.

Howl!

The scorpion beast engulfed in fire trembled and marched towards the beast god. The beast god marched toward it roaring.

Hong!

They clashed in the sky, and the beast god’s head and claws became vapor. After the attack of the scorpion, it condensed into the head phantom again, with its scute-covered tail authentic and ready to move.

Ping!

It was rapid as lightning. It hit the scorpion beast right on its head, which burst open. Its whole godly body trembled before turning into dust.

“Done!” Luo Feng was pleased.

A person in a golden cape appeared in the sky. Luo Feng turned to him and greeted him politely, “Teacher.”

He was somehow confused because he had gone to the palace in thunder island to greet his teacher after he created Moon Policy. But this time, the castellan of Chaos City came to the practice field himself.

“Your secret move to control your spiritual-force weapon is as good as your blade move, now,” The castellan complimented.

Luo Feng listened quietly.

“However, real battles are different from battles in the virtual universe,” the castellan continued. “Fight ten creatures and come see me again.”

“Yes, teacher,” Luo Feng answered with great respect. He also wanted to try his new moves.

“Go,” the castellan said.

Luo Feng saluted to the castellan before leaving the virtual universe.

The castellan shook his head. “Warriors and spiritual-force leaders are different. Even though he studied the beast god, he did not concentrate on a single move, as every other powerful one does. Every powerful one does this, no matter how powerful they are. He shouldn’t have tried both schools. Only after he’s defeated will he learn.”

The castellan then disappeared.


Chapter 926: Hit the Light-Racing Star

In Eastern Ice Hell, deep inside the snow, Luo Feng stood up with joy and laughed.

“I finally came up with the first move after 100 years.”

“Congratulations, master,” Honed Heart Emperor replied with respect.

“Master has improved quite a bit,” Ji Hong Emperor said. “And now, master can kill more creatures and take more tags in Ice Hell. You are more likely to collect 10,000 tags now.”

“I don’t let you two out just to flatter me,” Luo Feng laughed. “I want you two to give me some advice.”

“Advice?” Honed Heart Emperor and Ji Hong Emperor looked at each other.

“I created the top move ‘Moon Policy,’ which is for close combat. Now that I’ve created one more series for a spiritual-force weapon, what name do you think I should use?” Luo Feng asked.

He had vetoed lots of other names before settling on Moon Policy. It was difficult to come up with an appropriate name.

“Since it is a series for a spiritual-force weapon,” Honed Heart Emperor said, “and master is using stars, and you created it in Ice Hell, why doesn’t master call it ‘Star Hell’?”

“No, that’s no good,” Ji Hong Emperor said. “Ice Hell is only a temporary habitat for master, but these secret moves will follow master, and their fame will be spread when master achieves success and wins recognition. Ice Hell can’t even come close. From my perspective, I reckon ‘Beast God’ is more appropriate, as master is following the path of the beast god and able to form a beast god by wielding the spiritual-force weapon. Although Beast God sounds a bit reckless, it shows master’s aim to achieve the beast god level. Sometimes, it’s okay to be overbearing. The name Beast God is a given.”

Luo Feng kept shaking his head.

While Ji Hong Emperor and Honed Heart Emperor were giving advice, Luo Feng was also contemplating. One name came up after another. Some were mighty while some were conservative. However, it was almost impossible to satisfy Luo Feng.

Eventually, Luo Feng settled on a name that was simple and ordinary but fit his criteria.

“I’ll call it ‘10,000-Star Sermon Map’!” There was a trace of expectation in Luo Feng’s eyes. His secret moves were revealing his Dao, and there were only 10,000 stars in Star Tower. According to Zuo Shan Ke, Luo Feng could only exercise ten of them. The name 10,000-Star Sermon Map represented Luo Feng’s ambition: to exercise all the stars. It was not necessary to explain the inclusion of the word ‘Sermon.’

“The first move is speedy,” he said. “I’ll call it ‘Hit the Light-Racing Star.’”

Luo Feng came up with this name pretty quickly. The first move of 10,000-Star Sermon Map: Hit the Light-racing Star.

It had only taken Luo Feng 100 years to create this move. In contrast, Luo Feng had spent 1,000 years coming up with Galaxy on the Sky. There were two reasons why he had spent such a shorter length of time on the new move. Firstly, Luo Feng was on a higher level now. Secondly, the move 10,000-Star Sermon Map was derived from the first chapter of Nan Shen Seven Moves, together with the conception of the beast god. Also, Luo Feng had more experience when inventing 10,000-Star Sermon Map.

It was not that Luo Feng didn’t want to create it according to the second chapter, Muscle. That one was more difficult. The second move was easier when there was a first one.

Luo Feng brought Ji Hong Emperor and Honed Heart Emperor back to his ring and decided to walk out of the cave.

“I’ve created the move suitable for Sky Map and significantly increased my power,” he said. “I’m going to try it now and see teacher after ten combats. Hmm…” Luo Feng stopped at the exit of the cave the frowned. “Why did Chaos City teacher only ask me to go find him after ten battles, without saying another word? Instead of complimenting me, he only asked me to come find him after ten battles. Does that mean he’s not satisfied with the moves I created for my weapon?”

Luo Feng thought of all the possible reasons. He was actually very perceptive. He didn’t dig into the implication of the castellan’s words because he was overjoyed after successfully creating his first move after 100 years.

“Not satisfied. Is it because I didn’t concentrate?”

Luo Feng figured out the reason instantly. It was so obvious—it was common sense! The powerful ones needed to focus on one move, and they needed to concentrate on one move no matter how talented they were. Dividing their focus into two was a stupid strategy. For instance, Bran had previously studied space law and time law at the same time, but only after he had gone through severe adversaries had he recognized the correct path.

“He’s not happy that I’m creating a move for spiritual-force weapons,” said Luo Feng. “That means he wants me to take the warrior path!”

I have a powerful spiritual force and a high amplitude thereof, thought Luo Feng. I’m fit for the path of a spiritual leader. Castellan teacher knows this. Why does he want me to follow the warrior school?

Luo Feng was talented enough to follow both the warrior path and the spiritual-leader path. Which path to choose? Castellan wanted Luo Feng to follow the warrior path.

“Teacher knows some secrets,” Luo Feng contemplated. “However, Zuo Shan Ke suggested that I should follow the spiritual-force-leader path, and that’s why he left me the Force armor and Star Tower. The Star Tower, in particular, which is a spiritual-force weapon, is one of the most powerful weapons in the universe. It will be a total waste if I don’t study into the spiritual force leader path.”

Besides, he didn’t have a treasure for close combat like Flaming God Halberd, owned by his second brother, Flaming Emperor.

Doesn’t matter, Luo Feng thought. Zuo Shan Ke is one of the most powerful creatures in the universe, and he should know more than Castellan. Moreover, earthlings were taught and guided by teacher Zuo Shan Ke, and he should now my potential is more for the spiritual-force-leader path. Also, it will only take me a little more time to study Moon Policy and 10,000-Star Sermon Map at the same time. I’ll study them at the same time and will choose between one of them if there are some secrets I don’t know.

Luo Feng made up his mind. He stepped out of the cave.

Hong!

He soared, and the snow was like air, unable to create any friction. Luo Feng flew to the ground in an instant.

It was white and freezing in the vast snowfield. Luo Feng flew in the sky and overlooked the surroundings.

“I need to find someone to fight with,” Luo Feng said, looking around. “How can I find someone to fight with if everyone is hiding? I’ll try my luck first.”

Xiu!

Luo Feng flew like a beam of light.

Inside a palace in Northern Ice Hell, on the peak of the iceberg, one of the five invincible emperors, Silver Eye, sat on the throne like a sculpture. He was much more nonchalant than he had once been, after an infinite amount of time spent in Ice Hell. Sometimes, he wouldn’t even move for tens of thousands of years.

Outside the palace, an emperor in black armor guarded the door. Suddenly, a silhouette belonging to one of the two slaves of Silver Eye appeared.

“Have you found the human?”

“We haven’t,” said the slave. “Nobody has been able to do that since his battle with Bone Emperor. He has completely vanished.”

The two slaves talked to each other. They would go out and search for Luo Feng and would immediately report to their master Silver Eye if they found him.

“Protect master,” the black-armored slave said.” I’ll go out and search.” And then he teleported himself.

Luo Feng had hidden himself for 100 years, and those who wanted to fight him in the first place had temporarily given up.

“I can’t find any of them,” Luo Feng murmured as he flew through the entire area of Eastern Ice Hell and stopped above Ice Sea. “It seems these powerful creatures usually hide themselves. I’ll need some special methods to get them out.”

Luo Feng overlooked Ice Sea and suddenly became sharp.

“Break!”

Hong!

A spiritual force dove toward the ice. When Luo Feng’s spiritual force awakened on the earth the first time, his force could twist concrete iron. Now, Luo Feng could destroy a neutron star without even trying. One could extrapolate what the ice would be like when hit by his force

All the ice within the tens of thousands of squared meters vanished, and the tremble made the faraway ice crack as if crushed beneath the weight of a great beast.

The wave spread.

Some powerful creatures will notice it in no time, Luo Feng thought. The real powerful creatures in Ice Hell will come out.

A powerful creature living tens of millions of kilometers away felt it.

“Energy wave… Who’s fighting?” The creature inclined his head out of the ice and saw the shadow. “Human!”

The creature was shocked, and it snuck back to the sea.

“The human showed up,” it said. “The top ten limit emperors and the five invincible emperors are all looking for him. And he dared to show up.”

The creature was surprised inside but didn’t have the guts to test him. He knew he wasn’t his match, since the human could flee from one of the top ten limit emperors and was ranked fastest according to Bone Emperor.

As for telling the secret? There was no upside to telling Silver Eye. He might be killed for doing that.

The wave spread everywhere. More and more powerful barbarian creatures noticed it, but none of them dared to show up, knowing it was the notoriously high-ranked human.

The energy wave gradually wore off and disappeared.

“No one?” Luo Feng stood in the sky for a long time and couldn’t find anyone. “I can’t believe no one showed up.”

Luo Feng looked afar and bombarded the ice with his spiritual force.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

It wasn’t until after the third time he hit the ice that a creature finally accepted the challenge.


Chapter 927: First Combat

The fragments of the ice were all over the sky because of the spiritual force. A silhouette marched toward Luo Feng among the bits. Luo Feng stood above Ice Hell and saw the shadow.

“You dare to show up, human!” The vigorous and forceful voice pierced through the void while a mighty, godly power spread everywhere. The fragments turned into nothing instantly, and the entire area became clear and bright.

Luo Feng could finally see the powerful creature clearly. He had a lion-shaped lower body with four hoofs, whereas he possessed a human upper body with four muscular arms. His body was dark blue, as if it were made of metal.

Luo Feng identified this creature. Lightning-Racing Emperor, ranked 12 and proficient in law of time.

“It’s him,” Luo Feng said. He was dazed. “Although he is only ranked slightly lower than Bone Emperor, there’s almost no gap between the top ten limit emperors. Besides, this one is proficient in law of time, while my edge is teleportation. Things won’t end well for me if he stops the time.”

However, the anxiety could also heighten his aggressiveness.

“Why wouldn’t I have the guts to show up!” Luo Feng’s voice resounded across the entire ice sea. “You think I’m scared of you? Even Bone Emperor couldn’t defeat me, not to mention you.”

“Human, don’t you know that two of the five invincible emperors are looking for you?” Lightning-Racing Emperor roared.

Luo Feng suddenly had goosebumps. Five invincible emperors?

They were the strongest in Ice Hell, and three of them were special creatures. Luo Feng couldn’t underestimate them.

“Both Silver Eye and Blood Dog looked for you before,” Lightning-Racing Emperor continued.

“Both are special creatures,” Luo Feng muttered. Then he shouted aloud, “So what? Does that mean I should hide forever?” He grimaced.

“Yes,” said Lightning-Racing Emperor. “There’s no point for them to look for you. Because I will kill you today.” Lightning-Racing Emperor’s voice struck like thunder. He had told Luo Feng that both Silver Eye and Blood Dog were looking for him just to make him anxious. “Die, human!”

Combat began instantly.

More than 30 barbarian creatures were watching it from all around.

“The human’s fighting Lightning-Racing Emperor.”

“The human might be defeated.”

“The human is speedy.”

The combat between them went wild.

“Thunder-God Roaming!” Lightning-Racing Emperor growled, bearing down on Luo Feng like an immortal ox.

He roamed the void, which cracked under his force, and the electric snake fluttered. What irritated Luo Feng the most was how variable the speed of Lightning-Racing Emperor was. Before Luo Feng was well-prepared, Lightning-Racing Emperor arrived right in front of him.

Ta! Ta! Ta! Ta! Ta! Ta!

Lightning-Racing Emperor’s hoofs stepped toward Luo Feng, and the fluttering electric snake could turn a planet into dust.

Peng!

He stepped right on Luo Feng’s back while his Sha Wu Wing shielded him from hundreds of constant attacks. Lou Feng crashed into Ice Sea and caused tremendous waves. All of a sudden, a silver lining flew out—it was Lou Feng, unharmed.

“Take this, Lightning-Racing Emperor!” Luo Feng threw eight black balls out of the wave and secretly started to exercise the spiritual attack, Soul-Blade.

Lightning-Racing Emperor started to roam with the void again. Four ancient chains appeared around his arms, and each of his hands held one chain. The electric snakes were rotating around the chains, and just when he was about to fight against Luo Feng’s spiritual-force weapon, Soul-Blade hit him. Lightning-Racing Emperor felt pain.

“Human!” Lightning-Racing Emperor roared while flinging the four chains. Space and time were changing rapidly under the effect of the four chains. “Scar of Thunder!”

One of the chains of Lightning-Racing Emperor burst out like a hunting snake and pierced the sky with a light. The chain rushed to the barely formed phantom of beast god, whose tail slashed the chain.

Peng!

Eight black balls hit the chain but bounced back.

“Human, what else can you do except run?” Lightning-Racing Emperor laughed recklessly and flew toward Luo Feng. He was holding the four chains, each of which was terrifying and turned the realm into the territory of the lightning chains.

Luo Feng took back the eight stars and looked at Lightning-Racing Emperor. He thought to himself, I couldn’t exercise a Splash of Whip Shadow as well as Lightning-Racing Emperor, Bone Emperor, and Hei Ti Emperor.

Hu!

He opened his wings and tried to get away from Lightning-Racing Emperor.

“Don’t you dare run!” he roared. That was when he realized what “the fastest in Ice Hell” truly meant.

Luo Feng didn’t even glance at him. Instead, he stared at his left palm.

“Now it’s time to see how good my spiritual-force weapon works after 100 years of practice.”

A shred of expectation flashed in Luo Feng’s eyes. Instantly, engravings appeared on the Star Map on his hand. 16 stars were needed to carry such complex engravings. Eight of the stars had purple halos around them while the other eight didn’t.

“Go! Show him the power of Lightning-Racing Star!”

16 stars flew up, connected by tens of thousands of threads, which set off the universe origin law. A huge beast god that was over 1,000 meters long appeared above Ice Sea.

The beast god looked unstable, as if it could crumble at any moment. However, each scale on the tail of the beast god was as distinct as possible. The scales laminated each other and formed the tail, which emanated an almighty force. Other parts of the tail were like air.

Lightning-Racing Emperor guffawed while staring at the tail. “This phantom’s inferior to the previous one! I can destroy it with one blow.” He reckoned that the tail would be a threat. “Go!”

The four chains charged the beast god like four bolts of lightning.

Howl!

The tail covered with scales moved when the four chains raced toward him.

Hong!

The move was terrifically swift, and the tail slashed one of the chains. The other three chains tried to attack the beast god, but they were all twisted and fell back.

“Good!” Luo Feng smiled. “It can actually ward off Lightning-Racing Emperor’s attack. As expected, Star Map will not let me down if I study the law of spiritual-force weapon thoroughly.”

All the barbarian creatures watching the battle were shocked to their very core. They had lived in Ice Hell for such a long time that 100 years was merely a blink of an eye to them. They couldn’t imagine that the human who could only flee when battling Bone Emperor could defeat Lightning-Racing Emperor in hand-to-hand combat.

“He is the equal of the top ten limit emperors?”

“How could he improve so quickly?”

“This is incredible!”

To Luo Feng, this was all totally conceivable. Each of the stars in the Star Map was invaluable, and 16 stars, perfectly connected, made each other them much more powerful under Luo Feng’s secret move. That’s why Star Map was invaluable. Because if it were not for the panorama, owning even 1 billion stars would be pointless.

“Creating my own secret move is the only way to utilize the treasure,” Luo Feng said, feeling joyful inside. “However, according to the description on the ranking, the chains of Bone Emperor can merge into one, and that’s when its power reaches its peak. And he hasn’t exercised Time Pause. I should be more careful.”

One of the servants of Silver Eye flew slowly above eastern Ice Hell. He wore black armor and was looking for the human.

“I’m actually giving myself a day off in the name of searching for the human,” the servant said, looking relaxed. “It’s so difficult to find the human, and nobody will attack me because they all know I’m the servant of Silver Eye. It’s such a relief.”

“Eh?” The black-armored servant looked in the direction of Ice Sea. “Energy wave? I’ll go and take a look.”

The servant teleported himself.

Sou!

He arrived tens of millions of kilometers away from the battlefield and saw two shadows. The bigger one was the phantom of beast god, and the smaller one was of Lightning-Racing Emperor.

“Lightning-Racing Emperor is fighting a beast,” said the servant. “Wait… Where did the beast come from?”

The servant opened his eyes wider and saw the figure of a human.

“It’s the human. The human’s here! That’s right. The phantom comes from his spiritual-force-weapon attack. The information on him confirms this.” The servant was ecstatic. “I found the human! This is a huge contribution! Master will be overjoyed. I’ll go tell my master now.”

The servant teleported himself and vanished into the sky of Eastern Ice Hell. He teleported himself to the entry of Silver Eye’s palace.


Chapter 928: Silver Eye Shows Himself

Lightning-Racing Emperor pulled his chains back in shock.

“Defeat?”

Lightning-Racing Emperor couldn’t believe it. He thought this was the human who ran from Bone Emperor. His chain was a treasure he had obtained after countless battles in Ice Hell, and it was mighty. It could be divided into several chains, and the separate ones could be combined into one.

“Combine!” The chains around the arms of Lightning-Racing Emperor instantly touched and shrank, becoming one ordinary, rusty chain.

Howl!

The phantom of beast god charged him roaring, and the tail that was longer than the original body made the beast god anxious.

“Whip of Thunder!”

Lightning-Racing Emperor waved the chain in his hand, growling. The chain gradually pierced space, and the speed of time in different areas was changing—created by the exterminating power formed by the disorderly time attached to the chain.

The seemingly slow chain actually moved faster than the phantom. The void was cracking. The tail quickly slashed the phantom-like lightning and forcefully hit the chain. One was the exterminating power of thunder and time, and the chain was more fit for thunder and space.

The other was the might power of gold and space. Each of the 16 stars was worth as much as the chain, and the 16 stars were combined into one after merging into the map.

Hong!

The chain was hit away while the tail was quick as lightning, sweeping through Lightning-Racing Emperor. The emperor could not outpace the phantom, and his godly body was cracked by the tail. The 16 stars were dimming around the tail, and his godly body eroded when it touched those stars.

“Damn!” The body of Lightning-Racing Emperor gathered, and he pulled back the chain, glaring at Luo Feng. “I’ll never forget this, human!” Lightning-Racing Emperor turned into a beam of light and wanted to flee. “I won’t let you flee that easy.”

Luo Feng couldn’t keep up with him from such distance. However, he exercised his spiritual force, and the beast god surpassed Lightning-Racing Emperor and blocked him. The terrific tail slashed toward Lightning-Racing Emperor.

“Goddamn human. You made me do it.” Lightning-Racing Emperor roared, and the power became hundreds of times stronger. It crushed the beast god and the 16 stars were blast away.

The creatures watching the battle stealthily were dazed.

“Lightning-Racing Emperor is burning his body.”

“Lightning-Racing Emperor is forced to burn his own body!”

Luo Feng, who could barely flee from Bone Emperor 100 years ago, left Lightning-Racing Emperor no choice but to run away. This was outrageous!

“Interesting! Now the human has to burn his godly body.”

“Lightning-Racing Emperor’s power surged, and the human is only as powerful as, if not more powerful than Lightning-Racing God. He needs to burn his own body to match Lightning-Racing Emperor.”

“That human is as stupid as one can be. Just let the emperor run away if he wants to. He’s forcing each other to engage in a deadly fight by stopping him.”

Luo Feng was shocked. Lightning-Racing Emperor was burning his body, whereas he wasn’t able to do the same.

“You can go now, Lightning-Racing Emperor.” Luo Feng shook his wings and fled like a beam of tortuous light. At the same time, the 16 stars flew back to Luo Feng’s palm.

“Goddamn human.” Lightning-Racing Emperor held the chain and smashed everything with his hoofs. The void kept cracking, charging Luo Feng incredibly quickly.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Tortuous loci appeared in the sky. Once Luo Feng reached his speed limit and began changing his directions instantly, he was extraordinarily fast. One could see that the distance between Lightning-Racing Emperor and Luo Feng was getting larger. No matter how Lightning-Racing Emperor burned his body, he still failed to catch up with Luo Feng in terms of explosivity.

“It’s impossible.”

“How is this possible?”

“The first in Ice Hell. The first in Ice Hell!”

It was an eye-opener to all the creatures.

“It’s too late for you to flee now!” Lightning-Racing Emperor was furious and kept chasing Luo Feng. He wanted to exercise the move time stop. However, Luo Feng was running farther and farther away, and he wasn’t sure whether it would work or not.

time stop was almighty. However, there were severe limitations to it. For space, it couldn’t be affected, no matter how fierce the combat was.

As for time stop, it was different. Once time stop was imposed on a certain district, all the lives would be affected, except the soul and the conscious. Everything else would be fettered, and it would take a long time to break away, which gave the imposer adequate time to kill the opponent.

Exercising time stop first and killing the opponent who was not able to move. How incredible was that? However, firstly, it would cause severe backslash from the opponents’ bodies and weapons, and he must be able to narrow the time stop district. The smaller the district was, the stronger the effect would be imposed on the human. Secondly, he must impose it in the enemy’s region.

Nevertheless, Luo Feng was a spirit reader, and he was always releasing his spiritual force. Once Luo Feng detected Lightning-Racing Emperor’s godly power, he would be alerted. And Lightning-Racing Emperor was not able to exercise time stop in time to make sure Luo Feng stayed in the ideal region.

He was burning his godly body, and his power was surging. As a result, Lightning-Racing Emperor was able to impose time stop on the larger region. However, Luo Feng was sharp-witted enough to run as far away as possible. It was more difficult to impose time stop from such a long distance, especially under the great pressure in Ice Hell.

“Wicked human!” Lightning-Racing Emperor was furious. He didn’t intend to kill the human. Instead, he was only meant to force the human to burn his body without expecting that he wouldn’t even do that. “Damn!”

Lightning-Racing Emperor turned into a beam of light and vanished.

In Northern Ice Hell, inside the palace on the peak of the iceberg, the one in the throne stood up.

“Are you serious?” said Silver Eye.

“I’m not lying, master,” said his servant. “The human is fighting Lightning-Racing Emperor right now. We need to go immediately; the fight will be over if we arrive late.” The servant was urging Silver Eye to hurry. He didn’t even want to waste another second in talking because he knew how fast the battle could be.

Silver Eye grabbed the servant. “Lead me there.”

“Yes, master.” The servant teleported them to the battlefield.

Above ice sea, all the powerful creatures had already gone back to their homes. The battle left them with nothing but shock.

“He was able to defeat Lightning-Racing Emperor and forced him to burn his body,” said one onlooker. “The most unbelievable thing was that he ran away successfully without even burning his own body. Lightning-Racing Emperor must be deranged. The ten top limit emperors, each of them being equally powerful, had never run into any defeats. This time, it was a major defeat for this emperor.”

“The human is so fast.”

“Lightning-Racing Emperor can’t reach him even by burning his body.”

While the creatures were returning to their homes, they felt a dreadful energy wave, which made them looked up to the ice. A snow-white figure was floating in the sky, sending out a power that overwhelmed those creatures.

“Silver Eye!”

“It’s Silver Eye!”

“Master of northern Ice Hell. Silver Eye!”

Those powerful creatures who had lived in Ice Hell for an infinite amount of time had forgotten a lot about the world outside. The only thing they knew was the five invincible emperors—Silver Eye being one of most ghastly. According to a rumor, any creature except the other four invincible emperors would meet certain death if they saw his “silver eye.”

Fortunately, Silver Eye knew that he couldn’t gather enough tags, even if he killed all those weaker than him, because most of the tags were distributed among the five invincible emperors. Besides, he didn’t want Ice Hell to be boring. That’s why he ignored the weak.

Luo Feng was sighing. “The distinction between the powerful ones inside and outside Ice Hell is manifested in Lightning-Racing Emperor. Powerful creatures like him must own several treasures, at least one of them being a shield. His body wouldn’t be broken by my stars that easily if he had a shielding treasure. However, there are significantly fewer treasures in Ice Hell, and they were all brought by the powerful ones.”

Luo Feng was prepared to fly away, thinking to himself.

However, a mighty force spread. Luo Feng looked up. A 30-meter-tall god dressed in white armor was standing in the void afar. There was a giant scar on his forehead, but his eyes were missing. His utter desolateness was emanating, and Luo Feng could feel gloominess from him merely standing there.

Weng!

Space froze.

“Silver Eye…” Luo Feng said, terrified. “One of the five invincible emperors… Silver Eye! Special life Silver Eye!”

He had already known how petrifying Silver Eye was. However, the moment Luo Feng actually saw him… Out of nowhere, a great sense of danger rose.

Silver Eye stood afar and said in a tranquil voice, “Human! Give me the anonymous account to the virtual universe or die.” His black-armored servant was standing behind him in awe.


Chapter 929: Death God’s Point

White-armored Silver Eye stood in the sky, waiting for Luo Feng’s answer.

Luo Feng felt like he was in danger, but he looked up at Silver Eye keenly and said, “I don’t have an anonymous account. Will you let me go?”

“I’ll kill you and check your world ring,” Silver Eye overlooked Luo Feng and said nonchalantly.

“You don’t trust me?” Luo Feng said.

“I don’t trust anyone but my servants in Ice Hell,” Silver Eye said slowly.

The black-armored servant glared at Luo Feng and yelled, “Hand over the anonymous sensor now, human! Or master will kill you. Don’t tell us you don’t have the sensor. We don’t believe you.”

Luo Feng nodded. “Yes, I have the sensor.”

Silver Eye looked more aggressive.

“But I don’t want to give it to you.” Luo Feng smirked and showed his teeth.

“You want to die?” the servant roared.

“It seems you’re craving for death,” Silver Eye said in a deep voice. “I’ll die just because you said so?” Luo Feng glared at Silver Eye, and he could feel his blood boiling. He was filled with belligerence.

He wasn’t a chicken when he had faced the golden-horned beast before. And he dared to steal the black metal knowing that both the green knight and the purple knight were there.

Right now, he had three invaluable treasures, together with armor and general-soul auxiliary. What was more, the beast god had reached level 20, and he had created his own secret technique. How was it possible that he would run away without a fight just because Silver Eye was only an invincible emperor? How was it possible that he would hand over the anonymous sensor just because he was asked to do so? Silver Eye was being delusional!

Fight! Fight! Fight!

Luo Feng kept glaring at Silver Eye and smirked, “Silver Eye, I came to Ice Hell to fight each of the powerful creatures. Now that the top ten peak emperors are no longer a threat, you five invincible ones are my major target! I’ll fight all five of you, and you’re the first one!”

“You’re not afraid of death?” Silver Eye’s eyes were closed the whole time. He acted as if each inch of his skin were examining the surroundings.

“You can’t kill me!” Luo Feng yelled.

Luo Feng wasn’t anxious at all. Instead, he was excited and proud. He remembered how he became an apprentice to True Yan Emperor when he first stepped into Chaos City. After 10,000 years, he was now fighting Silver Eye, who was True Yan Emperor’s equal. This was the first time he would fight someone so powerful.

Come! Show me how powerful the legendary invincible emperor is! Luo Feng was shouting inside.

“Show me how strong this so-called special creature is,” he said.

Luo Feng’s mental faculties were strengthening and concentrating. Only this sort of fight could harden him.

“As you wish,” Silver Eye said mildly.

He waved his transparent palm while his slave was looking at Luo Feng with pity. His hands looked light diamonds, and the moment he waved his hands, Luo Feng felt the shape change in the area.

Shua!

Luo Feng shook his wings and tried to escape while summoning the 16 black balls. Tens of thousands of threads started to connect the balls and formed the phantom of the beast god.

“There’s no way you can escape,” Silver Eye’s voice was still echoing.

An enormous palm was formed. The ice-crystal palm turned around and tried to slap Luo Feng.

“What is this? Attack of space law?” Luo Feng manipulated the phantom to strike the palm while dodging it with Sha Wu Wing.

The scene dazed Luo Feng. He recalled the ancient panorama he had seen in Blood River world, and one of the depicted how the palm was cracked by the tail of the beast god. Apparently, the two on the panorama were much more powerful than Luo Feng and Silver Eye, as one of them was the real beast god and the other was the great creature that defeated the beast god. However, there were lots of similarities between the two fights.

The phantom fiercely brandished its scale-covered tail to defend against the diamond palm.

Hong!

The tail whipped the diamond palm like a thunder. Both of them were more than 1,000 meters long, and the clash caused a blast. The phantom and the palm trembled at the same time. The phantom broke apart, and the 16 black balls swiftly flew toward Luo Feng. As for the palm, it cracked like ice.

“Silver Eye, proficient at time law and having learned law of space,” Luo Feng marveled. “He is much better at the time law than law of space, but he can still wield such power utilizing the law of space. Incredible!”

Luo Feng could feel how forceful Silver Eye was. His body constitution was tens of millions of times more powerful than that of sector lords, and his move was exquisite. A simple strike could suppress the most powerful attack from Luo Feng’s treasure, which stemmed from his intense training.

“Huh?”

Silver Eye exhaled, “Good of you to take the first strike. Now I see why you’re so arrogant.”

“Not arrogant but confident,” said Luo Feng. “Stop bragging and show me your best move, Silver Eye.” Luo Feng opened his wings and stood afar.

“Okay.”

Silver Eye faced Luo Feng. He felt like he was being stared at by countless eyes even though Silver Eye still hadn’t opened his eyes.

Chi!

A crystal finger showed up right in front of Luo Feng out of nowhere. The whole space had been solidified; thus, Luo Feng couldn’t teleport himself. Obviously, Silver Eye excelled in the flow of time. Just when Luo Feng was trying to close his wings, an invisible wave spread across the entire area. Luo Feng couldn’t move a muscle. It was time stop.

“It’s time stop,” said Luo Feng. “I was hit!”

“Pathetic,” Silver Eye sighed and tried to pierce Luo Feng with the diamond finger.

Break! Break! Break!

Luo Feng’s mental faculties went wild and emboldened his entire body. Sha Wu Wing, the Star Map, and Tower Pearl were all trembling. Under Luo Feng’s spiritual force, which was stronger than most of the universe knights, the treasures broke loose from the constraint.

Break! Luo Feng roared in his mind.

Sha Wu Wing warded off the finger. Luo Feng bounced off like a meteor under the terrific shockwave.

Luo Feng was relieved. “Lucky that I can break away from time stop. Silver Eye is cunning. The giant palm and crystal finger were both formed by the godly power from afar, which made me less careful about the force around me. That’s how the move worked.”

Thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind. Of course, the main reason time stop worked on me was his power. Although his force was permeating, his main force still remained around his finger, which was far away from me. He was actually able to exercise time stop, and it went into effect, which means he is much stronger than Lightning-Racing Emperor. I’ve never met any stronger barbarian creature in practice.

Just as Luo Feng was shocked, Silver Eye and his slave were equally amazed.

“He dodged it!” The servant couldn’t believe it. “I can’t even remember how many powerful creatures have died because of master’s Death-God’s Point, yet he managed to dodge it. He’s even able to break from master’s time stop. How is this possible?”

In the distance, all the creatures watching in various places were shocked to their very cores. They weren’t all that surprised when Luo Feng withstood the slap. After all, he was powerful enough to suppress Lightning-Racing Emperor. However, when Luo Feng held out against his point…

“Death God’s Point!”

“The Death God’s Point of Silver Eye!”

“Though Silver Eye knew of law of space, he’s actually proficient in time law. His Death God’s Point is a move mixed with both time attack and soul attack. It starts with time stop, and the finger contains a soul-eroding attack that corrodes the enemy’s soul in secret, after which the enemy won’t be able to fight back.”

“The human is powerful enough to resist Death God’s Point.”

“The two moves Silver Eye uses to roam Ice Hell—one of them being Death God’s Point, the other being Silver Stare—pose a threat even to the other four invincible emperors.”

“Maybe we can see that move today.”

“Pathetic human. If Silver Eye opens his eyes, the human will be doomed.”

Silver Eye was also amazed. That ordinary point was one of his secret techniques. He had aced the move time stop, and that soul-eroding move was insidious. However, the human was capable of breaking loose of time stop in such a short time. And that crystal finger was not having an effect on the human, even though it touched him and began eroding his soul.

Luo Feng floated in the sky with his wings open. “Cunning move, indeed. Unfortunately, it’s of no use. Silver Eye, show me your other moves.”

Although attacking skills were his shortcoming, he had extraordinary defending abilities. He had robust body defense power, and his soul defense was even stronger.

Luo Feng thought, Although I was not able to charge him as he does, I can protect myself with no problem.

“Human, you’re indeed strong,” Silver Eye said slowly. “I’ll leave if you can survive this. All the other creatures hit by this move have died except the other four invincible emperors. This… is Silver Stare.”

Hua!

The crack on his forehead slowly opened, changing the speed of time and trembling space.


Chapter 930: Luo Feng’s Message

His mighty body affected the flow of time around him. And the energy wave he created trembled space when he exercised his top move. His silvery-white eyes had no pupils. He was staring at Luo Feng.

Pu! Pu! Pu!

The space continued to crack because of the eyes’ godly power. An eye appeared on Silver Eye’s transparent body inch by inch, and his entire body not inside the armor was covered with eyes. The most powerful of all the eyes was the one on his face, with a silvery halo around it.

Hong!

The invisible, godly power rammed into Luo Feng’s body. The second the eye was opened.

No wonder I felt I was being stared at by Silver Eye. What kind of special creature is he? This thought struck Luo Feng the second he saw the silvery eye, and the power hit his body after piercing through Sha Wu Wing and his General Armor. Silver Eye’s gaze was still terrifically powerful.

The beast god roared, but it couldn’t stand against this attack in the slightest.

Hong!

It pierced through Luo Feng’s soul. Luo Feng suddenly fell into a state of illusion.

Does he want to deceive me with this illusion? How ridiculous. Break!

Luo Feng had an incredibly strong will, which helped him break out of the illusion without even trying. The scene around him vanished, and he entered nature.

An illusion again? Break!

Still an illusion? Break!

Luo Feng was strong-minded and broke through one illusion after another. However, the illusion formed as fast as he could escape it, and it just kept forming. Luo Feng felt like he had fallen into an infinite loop of illusions—as if he had spent millions of years inside.

This is not just any illusion. I’ve never heard of any illusion like this, and that move was so unusual. I reckon it’s his top-secret technique.

Luo Feng had fallen into the illusion for a significant amount of time, but he still remained tranquil. His will was sharpened, and it was firm.

His top-secret technique is supposed to be intricate. It’s impossible for creatures to train themselves to be able to exercise moves like Split and Strengthen of the golden-horned beast. His top-secret technique is something I’ve never seen before.

Although Luo Feng was trapped in the infinite illusions, he was not in a rush, as he knew only a second had passed outside the illusion by connecting to the golden-horned beast body. Of course, he wouldn’t have been able to do that without his firm will; he would have been confused, otherwise.

After exercising the move, all the eyes on Silver Eye’s diamond skin disappeared, and the crack on his forehead closed.

This was the secret technique, and there were only two ways to break out of it. The first required mighty, godly power or soul-protecting treasure. In Luo Feng’s case, he could certainly use Tower Pearl to break it. The second required one to break all the illusions one by one without falling. That made for an extremely long time within the illusion, whereas in reality, it was only a blink of an eye.

“Infinite loop,” said Silver Eye “If he indulges himself, his will is going to crumble, and his soul will collapse. One has to go through desolateness to break each of these illusions and can’t give himself a break. Hundreds of thousands of years is enough to bend even the strongest will.”

Silver Eye was pretty proud of his move.

This was, indeed, an extraordinary move. It was much more terrifying than being detained in Ice Hell, because in Ice Hell, one could still hide in his comfort zone, whereas one couldn’t rest at all in the illusion. Actually, this move resembled the move Inheritance of Life and Death that Luo Feng had endured before, which was more difficult, as he couldn’t even think during such an impasse.

Just when Silver Eye closed his eyes, Luo Feng opened his.

“You, you…” The eyes were dimming on Silver Eye’s skin. “How is this possible?”

The servant screamed, “This is impossible! Nobody other than the other four invincible emperors survived this! And the other two burned their godly bodies to withstand it. How did you hold out against it as a human?”

“How long did you spend in the infinite loop?” Silver Eye asked.

“The infinite loop of illusions?” Luo Feng answered. “10,000 eras.”

“10,000 eras? You survived 10,000 eras of loneliness and struggles?” Silver Eye was a bit amazed. “I must say that I’m impressed.”

“Not that much of a struggle, though,” said Luo Feng, smiling.

When Luo Feng had been under Inheritance of Life and Death, he had suffered much more terribly for 6,000 years, and he had walked between life and death countless times. In fact, Luo Feng chose to survive this without Tower Pearl for a reason, which was to sharpen his will. After an infinite amount of time in the illusion, he didn’t feel lost at all. In contrast, he was sober.

Those old creatures were as ancient as the universe, and living that long granted each of them an unbending will. Luo Feng wouldn’t give up an opportunity like this.

“I’m indeed impressed,” Silver Eye nodded. “Now that you’ve survived three of my moves, I promise that I won’t kill you.”

“I took three of your moves.” Luo Feng grinned. “Now, it’s your time to take my move.”

Peng!

One of the world rings carried by Luo Feng suddenly cracked, and an aggressive vibe emanated from it. An ancient, purple clock floated beside Luo Feng, and Ji Hong emperor inside was already burning his godly body. The forceful energy was injected into the purple clock.

Dang!

The visible wave charged Silver Eye at the speed of light. At the same time, Luo Feng threw out eight stars covered with Fei Mo Venom. The demon sound was so fast that Silver Eye couldn’t manage to dodge it.

Peng!

His body cracked, then instantly started to heal. However, eight traces of light pierced through the body and started to corrode it, after which it flew back to Luo Feng.

“Let’s go.”

Luo Feng grabbed Ji Hong emperor the second after he threw out the eight black balls, shook his wings, and escaped as fast as possible. The eight black balls flew towards Luo Feng quickly and went back to Luo Feng’s palms in a moment.

“Master, he just played you,” The black-armored servant said furiously. “We can’t let him go.”

Silver Eye’s godly body healed completely while Luo Feng fled. He smiled. “I said that I wouldn’t hunt him again if he could survive my move,” said Silver Eye. “Besides, how am I supposed to chase him? He has run far, and I can’t stop him by pausing time.”

The servant was dazed.

That’s right. The human was the fastest in Ice Hell! Even the five invincible emperors couldn’t match him.

“Then we’re supposed to let it go?” The servant found this hard to believe, as he had never seen his master taken advantage of.

“I attacked him three times, whereas he attacked me once,” replied Silver Eye. “I wasn’t taken advantage of. However, that was a fierce move.”

Silver Eye could feel the injury in his body, but he didn’t care about it. It was only a slight piece. Suddenly, Silver Eye heard a voice.

“You want the anonymous account to the virtual universe, Silver Eye?” Luo Feng’s voice echoed. “I’ll give you a chance to get it, and my condition is pretty simple. I’ll trade one sensor for one treasure, and I’ll send my servant to do the deal three days later. Whether we have a deal or not is up to you.”

Silver Eye was dazed, and he looked at the human who had teleported himself and escaped the space-clotted zone.

“Sneaky human… greedy human,” Silver Eye couldn’t help saying.

Although he did have a strong desire for the sensor, he needed to contemplate whether it was worth a treasure or not. Treasures were scarce in Ice Hell, and he owned the treasures because the undying captured before had not been ordinary.

“Let’s go.”

Silver Eye reversed the space clot and left with his servant.

Both Luo Feng and Silver Eye took off. The powerful creatures who had witnessed the battle were awed, as the human had survived the move Silver Look. That was something that couldn’t be accomplished even by the top ten limit emperors, who would resort to burning bodies to flee if they ran into the five invincible emperors.

“This is just incredible.”

“The human will soon be ranked sixth after this battle.”

“The strongest one under the five.”

All the creatures couldn’t help sharing and discussing this with their friends, since it was a major incident in the tedious Ice Hell.

Luo Feng and Ji Hong emperor teleported them back to the cave deep in the snow.

“No wonder he’s an invincible emperor,” said Ji Hong emperor. “The purple clock could only crack his body instead of smashing him. And I strengthened its power by burning my body.” Ji Hong emperor couldn’t help sighing. “That was horrendous.”

“His body constitution is more than 100 times stronger than yours, so even if you burn your body, you can only reach his level,” said Luo Feng. He shook his head. “I grabbed the chance to erode him using the stars covered with Fei Mo venom, which was only a mosquito bite to him. I couldn’t even feel that he was weakened. But that makes sense, given how powerful and enormous his body is. He’s way taller than a human and wields vigorous godly power. I reckon he won’t die even if he has one kilogram of Fei Mo venom.”

One kilogram of Fei Mo venom could possibly kill a human invincible emperor. However, Silver Eye was a special creature, which was not easily corroded.

I don’t know whether he will say yes to my offer or not, thought Luo Feng. It will be more than lucky for me if I can get a treasure with a cheap account. That deal might actually happen.


Chapter 931: Easily Obtained

The desire the powerful creatures had to connect to the outside world was understandable.

“I’ll know in three days.” Luo Feng stopped guessing and started to reflect on the battle. “The treasure is indeed powerful. I created the most suitable secret technique to make the best use of it, and it gave me the power to defeat Lightning-Racing Emperor,” Mused Luo Feng. “It’s such a pity. If he were not here, he would’ve had at least one treasure to defend himself.”

There weren’t enough treasures in Ice Hell.

The 12,000 creatures detained in Ice Hell did carry some treasures. However, after an extensive amount of time, almost all the treasures had been claimed by the top emperors. Even so, the treasures these top emperors owned were significantly fewer than those owned by the emperors outside. For instance, Seven Blade Emperor had a set of seven-blade weapons, together with treasures of defense and escape. In addition to the golden ponds, he had a tremendous number of treasures.

It was possible that Lightning-Racing Emperor and Bone Emperor were as strong as Seven Blade Emperor and Hei Ti Emperor. However, if they were engaged in a real fight, talents like Seven Blade Emperor and Live Falling Emperor—who were specially trained by their clans—could have crushed the detainees in Ice Hell. “Treasures aren’t less important than powers,” Luo Feng postulated. “It’s the same for the masters of the universe. Teacher Zuo Shan Ke has already provided me with enough treasures. And I need to strengthen my power.”

Three days later, on the peak of the iceberg in Northern Ice Hell, Ji Hong Emperor stood at the foot of the mountain, addressing the metal person with respect.

“Master,” said Ji Hong Emperor.

“Stay here,” ordered the metal person. “Run if something goes wrong.”

“Yes, master,” Ji Hong emperor answered.

After giving the order, the metal person started to hike leisurely. The metal person was Luo Feng, who was using the method of the demon race. The powerful creatures of the demon race would use their body to handle things like these while hiding their real bodies in the world ring, as those powerful creatures of the demon race had enormous bodies. It would have been inappropriate to use their real bodies when adventuring the universe in spaceships.

Luo Feng gave a bit of his consciousness in that body so that nothing would happen his physical self, even if that body was destroyed.

It’s been a long time since I last hiked, thought Luo Feng. It’s tiring to hike under the pressure of Ice Hell.

Luo Feng hiked slowly. Suddenly, the shadow of the black-armored servant appeared.

“You come,” the metal person said in Luo Feng’s voice. Luo Feng had adjusted the pronunciation of the body.

“It’s you?” The servant was furious. “I can’t believe that you come here yourself. I thought you would send your servant here.”

“Wouldn’t it be better to come here myself?” Luo Feng said. “Let’s go.”

Luo Feng vanished with his body. They were inside the spectacular palace when they appeared again. Luo Feng looked up and saw the god, Silver Eye, through the body’s optical system. Luo Feng felt had equal the first time he’d seen him, but now the scene was blurry, as the body was being inhibited.

“Silver Eye, take back your force,” Luo Feng shouted. “My body can’t take this. There will be no deal if the body is crushed.”

“Human!” called Silver Eye.

Luo Feng withdrew his force. He could easily blow up an entire star with a breath. He was trying not to affect the fragile body. “I reckon you’re going to take the deal,” Luo Feng said.

“You’re not afraid that I’ll snatch the sensor?” Silver Eye said.

“Snatch it?” said Luo Feng. “Have you never known what technology is, or have you just forgotten how the outer world works? This anonymous account is permanent, and it’s strictly monitored. I only brought a few accounts here, but I can apply for many more. I can take away your access authority even if you’re offered one now.”

“What if you take away my access authority after I make the deal with you?” Silver Eye asked.

“Relax. I won’t do something so clearly disadvantageous,” Luo Feng said. “You have to have faith in my reputation and know that I’m somebody in the human race. I won’t damage my reputation merely for a sensor.”

“Good to hear,” Silver Eye replied. “However, it’s completely unfair to trade a treasure for a single sensor. I want three of them.”

“I only have two in total and need to do business in the future,” Luo Feng answered. “I’ll only give you one, and that’s the final offer. Why do you need three? You’re the only one who needs it, anyway. You can lend it to your friends if they need it.”

Luo Feng had been born solemn. He wasn’t good at negotiations as the human, and he wouldn’t bargain if he didn’t value the treasure and the sensor equally.

“Two,” Silver Eye said.

“One, and that’s the final offer,” Luo Feng said. “There’s no use for you to have two, either. Maybe you want to resell one of them? I’ll tell you now that I can totally take away the access authority of one of the sensors, as you’re the one I’m making the deal with and you’re the only one who can get the access authority.”

“Okay, one sensor it is,” Silver Eye gave in. Indeed, he was weak at negotiating.

“Greedy,” said Luo Feng.

“Cunning,” Silver Eye couldn’t help saying from his throne.

“Cunning,” agreed Luo Feng.

“This goddamn human is cunning as one can be,” the servants swore to one another in a low voice. That was a treasure, which was difficult to obtain. Although the top ten limit emperors had some of them, they were shrewd enough to avoid the five invincible emperors at all costs. Hence, it would be tricky to catch them.

“This is the sensor.” Luo Feng threw the arm-protecting quantum computer to Silver Eye, and it fell once it left Luo Feng’s hand.

Silver Eye caught the quantum computer in shock. “Be careful,” he complained.

“It’s too repressive, here,” Luo Feng said with a smirk. “Besides, my body is too weak. Now that you have the sensor, where is the treasure?”

“I shall try it first.” Silver Eye started to test it and connected to the quantum computer, which led him into the virtual universe.

Luo Feng said, “I’ve created 80,000 virtual mock accounts for you in case you don’t know how to use it. Besides, the scanning function has been turned off—and don’t you try to turn it on. If you do, your real figure will be shown in the virtual universe. A human dummy will be shown otherwise. You can totally change the size of the body and turn into human shape before turning on the scanning function.”

Silver Eye smiled. “Interesting. These virtual games you humans are playing are quite interesting.” Silver Eye looked down at Luo Feng and grimaced. “The fear wears off the second I step into the virtual universe.”

Luo Feng burst into laughter.

“This is the treasure.” Silver Eye threw out a treasure. It was a three-meter-long viridescent axe.

“You’re just greedy,” Luo Feng repeated the point. “Glad to trade with you.” He smiled. “You should be happy, Silver Eye, as I’m going to seclude and cultivate myself. You should know that it’s almost impossible to find me, and when I come out next time, which may happen hundreds of years from now, the other four invincible emperors will need to satisfy me if they want a deal with me.”

“Go. And stop being smug here,” Silver Eye said. “Escort Luo Feng out.”

“Yes, master.”

The black-armored servant teleported Luo Feng.

Silver Eye looked afar and smiled. He had obtained two treasures in total in Ice Hell, but he had only used one without touching the other. Besides, the treasure he actually valued wasn’t ideal because he could wield much more vigorous power by his own move.

“The virtual universe and virtual games,” said Silver Eye. “There are so many lives here, and it is filled with hustle and bustle. Wow! More than a trillion creatures playing one game!”

Silver Eye spared a slice of his consciousness and played the game. He needed to relax after being desolate for so long. This anonymous account was, indeed, more valuable than a treasure to Silver Eye.

Inside the cave in Eastern Ice Hell, Luo Feng held the viridescent axe. It was thin and looked like a jade.

“Ha! I didn’t even know whether it would work when the idea hit me,” he said. “But now, I actually have one treasure, which is more than valuable! I only got an ‘ice net’ when I slaughtered all the creatures in star tower, and all the other fortunes I got combined were as valuable as one treasure.”

Luo Feng could feel its power merely by looking at it.

He laughed, put it away, and connected to the virtual universe.

Inside the practice field exclusive to Luo Feng, Luo Feng said between the stars, “There’s still room for me to improve. I only came up with the first move for both Moon Policy and 1,000-Star Sermon Map. As for Ran Shen Seven Moves, I’m already proficient in the second chapter, and I can totally create the second move based on that chapter and conception of beast god.”

On one hand, it would be much more difficult to create the second move; on the other, he was at a higher level.

“Let’s begin.”

Luo Feng started to create the secret technique. However, just when he decided to fight an opponent, the castellan of Chaos City appeared in golden rope.

“Teacher,” Luo Feng greeted him with respect.


Chapter 932: Anxiety

Luo Feng was confused. Castellan teacher had asked him to come to see him after ten battles, but here he was after only two. And the castellan was patient enough to wait for him to finish.

“You’re going to create the second move?” the castellan asked, looking at Luo Feng.

“Yes,” Luo Feng said with respect. “I don’t think the first move of Moon Policy or 10,000-Star Sermon Map is enough, which is why I need to create the second one.”

“You’re studying both of them?” the castellan continued.

“Yes.” Luo Feng didn’t hesitate a bit.

The castellan frowned and said in a throaty voice, “Did you engage in any fighting?”

“Two,” Luo Feng answered. “I barely won the first one but lost the second one.”

“What’s your takeaway from that?” the castellan asked.

“I realized that both strengths and treasures are important,” Luo Feng said. “For one thing, treasures can’t be fully utilized if the owner is not powerful enough. Plus, one will be put at a disadvantage in a battle against enemies at the same level if he doesn’t have treasures. For me, I have adequate treasures, whereas I need to increase my power.”

Both Luo Feng and the castellan stood among the stars in the practice field and engaged in questions and answers.

“Didn’t these battles make you realize that you’re wasting your time trying to follow the spirit reader path?” the castellan scolded Luo Feng in a raucous voice.

The voice directly hit Luo Feng’s mind, yet Luo Feng remained extraordinarily firm.

“Waste of time?” Luo Feng shook his head. “No. I feel like I’m strengthened and that it’s the right path for me.”

Luo Feng thought the castellan was kidding because he owned the Star Map, which was designed for spirit reader to attack. He wouldn’t be able to defeat limit emperors with his own power and moves, whereas he could out-power Lightning-Racing Emperor with the Star Map!

The castellan shook his head. “Give up. Give up on the spirit reader path and focus on the warrior path.” The castellan sighed.

Luo Feng was dazed and stared at the castellan who had been guiding him all along. “Why?” he asked. “I have an unrelenting will, and I inherited from Demon-Sound General, which gave me a high frequency of amplitude. I can make great accomplishments following the spirit reader path.”

“But you can accomplish greater things if you follow the warrior path!” the castellan said.

“Could you please clarify?” Luo Feng said and bowed.

The castellan looked at his student, knowing that it was impossible for him to give up because of one sentence alone.

“I’ll elaborate on it,” the castellan said with earnestness. “First of all, you’re a black warrior. Second, you’re following the path of beast god!”

Luo Feng listened carefully.

“The black warrior has become a legend in Blood River Land,” the castellan said. “Being a black warrior means your genes tally with those of the beast god, and you can significantly improve your genes using Blood of Beast God in the future. Genes are foundational. If you’re fundamentally 1,000 times stronger, how is your enemy going to fight you? Besides, the fallen beast god in Blood River land concentrated on close combat. Remember, spirit reader can never reach the top by following the path of beast god.”

The castellan looked at Luo Feng. Luo Feng was bewildered.

Can never reach the top?

“You have to follow the path of the warrior to match beast god’s level!” the castellan said. “You’re a black warrior, so you have an extremely rare constitution. The fact that you could improve so quickly on the path of beast god shows your great talent. How can you squander it? You’re likely to become a master of the universe if you follow the path of the warrior. It’s indeed difficult, but success is guaranteed. If you just follow your own whims, it will be almost impossible for you to become a master of the universe.”

Luo Feng fell into silence.

“Some small clans don’t even know about this secret,” said the castellan. “Some have tried both paths like you, which is ridiculous because they will never be able to reach the top. Just take Xi Luo Duo as an example. He was stuck at the last challenge and never managed to cross it.” The castellan looked at Luo Feng. “Think deeply. And give me the answer when you’re done.”

The castellan turned around. Luo Feng remained silent.

I can only follow the path of the warrior if I want to match the beast god? Luo Feng mused. Being a black warrior means my genes tally with the beast god? That’s right. I learned Nine-Calamity Tome, after which my genes sharply improved, exceeding those of humans, and that’s how I managed to merge the ten Black River Crystals. One path is given by castellan teacher. I need to follow the path of the warrior and the beast god, and I’m likely to become as powerful as the beast god, which means I will become a master of the universe!

The spirit reader is offered by teacher Zuo Shan Ke. I’ll concentrate on Nine-Calamity Tome, and there’s no need to create any form of secret techniques, because I’ll take charge of the Star Tower when I become more powerful in the future. Both students of teacher Zuo Shan Ke are masters of the universe, which means it is more likely that I’ll become a master of the universe following this path—not to mention one of the most forceful treasures, Star Tower.

“Which one should I choose?” Different scenarios struck Luo Feng’s mind.

He laughed. Why should I even bother? I’ll follow two paths since each of them offers a chance for me to become a master of the universe. Luo Feng perked up. I’m not like Bran, who divided his focus between two laws. Although it seems like I am following both the path of the warrior and the path of the spirit reader, I’m following the path of the beast god, essentially. And I can study how to combine them together if I follow both paths.

Among the stars, the castellan stood in the void for quite a while.

“Teacher,” Luo Feng finally said with veneration.

“You’ve made your decision?” The castellan sounded tranquil.

“Yes,” Luo Feng said, looking as if there were lights in his eyes. “I’ve decided to follow both paths, and I’ll give one of them up if I realize I have made the wrong decision in the future.”

The castellan turned to Luo Feng. “I will say no more on this, as you’ve made up your mind,” said the castellan. “I’ll see how far you can go by following both paths.”

Luo Feng looked at the teacher.

“Great.” The castellan nodded. “It’s okay to make mistakes. What really matters is whether you can persevere and put your heart into it.”

Luo Feng kneeled. “Thank you, teacher.”

He kneeled because he was sincerely thankful. He realized that the castellan would still support him even if he went against his suggestions, and that the castellan arranged one opponent after another for him to practice his secret techniques, which was time-consuming. Even if the castellan valued Luo Feng because of his race, he owed so much to him. He needed to remember his kindness and repay it when he had the chance.

“Let’s begin!”

Luo Feng disappeared, and the golden-horned beast appeared. Luo Feng followed the usual schedule and started with Moon Policy, followed by 10,000-Star Sermon Map.

In the rural area of the universe, Black Flower Secret Region, inside Ice Hell, the news was spreading that Luo Feng had managed to survive both Death God’s Point and Silver Look and escape. However, there weren’t advanced communications in Ice Hell and the detector Luo Feng carried was interrupted. It was not realistic to establish an internal virtual world inside Ice Hell.

Poor communication!

Besides, there were feuds between the powerful creatures, and they were so hostile toward each other that they would fight each other anytime they met. Only some friends or equals would gather once in a while. As a result, only one-third of the creatures knew about what Luo Feng had done after more than half a year had passed.

In the snows of Southern Ice Hell stood a spectacular palace with blocks of ice littered all around. Demon-race characters were crafted on them, which were clearly the rankings of Ice Hell. Without a doubt, inside the palace lived a very special creature—Sky Wolf! One of the five invincible emperors!

Additionally, he was the editor of the rankings and also happened to be best-tempered. It was said that sky wolves were ruthless and fierce creatures, whereas the Sky Wolf living here was arguably one of the most peaceful. However, he would also kill if he was irritated. After all, he was one of the top five creatures in all of Ice Hell, a title earned by majestic battles.

In the tremendous icy throne sat a mountain-like demon around fifteen kilometers long. It was covered with snowy hair tipped with gold, giving the appearance of a halo around him. There were three strange, scar-shaped engravings on his forehead.

He was Sky Wolf!

“Master, it seems the ranking needs to be updated.”

“There have been new battles?”

“Yes. It was the human who fought with Lightning-Racing Emperor and Silver Eye.”

Five servants covered with scales stood in the palace, and they were at the level of officials. Sky Wolf had brought them here when it was detained.

“Human!” Sky Wolf suddenly raised his head and glared down at them. “Where is the human? Find the human right now!”

The servants were dazed. “Master, the fight was more than half a year ago.”

“More than half a year?”

Sky Wolf growled. When the human showed up in Ice Hell, Silver Eye had publicly looked for him. Sky Wolf, on the other hand, had sent his servants to search for him in secret but had eventually given up the search. He hadn’t expected the news to come more than half a year late.

“This can’t go on,” said Sky Wolf.

Sky Wolf stood up with his four hoofs on the throne. His servants kneeled down under the fear of his might.


Chapter 933: 2,000 Years of Hibernation

The five servants stayed silent, kneeling.

Sky Wolf looked bellicose. “Even if the human shows himself sometime in the future, he will disappear again when I get the news.” Sky Wolf realized that and quickly made a decision. “Prepare the ice tablets.” He said in a deep voice.

“Yes, master,” the servants answered.

One of them turned around his hands and put a giant, bar-shaped ice tablet on the ground. Sky Wolf walked down from the throne and toward the tablet.

“Tell me about the two battles,” Sky Wolf said.

“Yes, master. The human fought Lightning-Racing Emperor first, and the emperor was suppressed by the human. Besides, the human was so rapid that Lightning-Racing Emperor couldn’t run away, and he resorted to burning his own body. However, he was still slower than the human with his body being burned.”

The five servants told the stories one by one. Although some details were left out, they mentioned all the key points.

Sky Wolf looked down at the ice tablet.

Chi, chi, chi.

Demon-race characters appeared on the tablet one by one, and the new ranking was determined.

First: Blood Dog

Second: Silver Eye

Third: Sky Wolf

Fourth: Black Wind

Fifth: Ci An

Sixth: Human

These creatures were named according to their races; for instance, “Ci An,” “Human,” and “Sky Wolf.” As for Blood Dog, Silver Eye, and Black Wind, they had been given these names due to their appearances. This was a usual way to name someone because there was only one from the Ci An clan and one from the human race.

The ranking was soon determined, and each name came with a description. The names and the descriptions almost filled the ice tablet, only to leave a huge blank on the top.

The servants were baffled and started to mutter, “Master always crafted the ranking from the top to the bottom. Why did it change?”

“Yes. I’ve never seen master do this.”

As they were discussing this, demon-race characters started to appear on the blank:

Anyone who brings the human to me will be forever protected. And I swear I will not kill him if I see the human. I swear to all of Ice Hell, and this tablet is the evidence.

“Done.” Sky Wolf raised his head. “Make 900 copies of this and send them to the peak of the mountain on the other side.”

“Yes, master,” the five servants answered with veneration.

They made 900 copies instantly, and one of them flew away carrying these tablets. He flew toward the mountain near Ice Sea where the ranking was usually distributed. That was a battle-free zone where no occupation was allowed, which had been agreed upon by everyone in Ice Hell.

The tablets were carried away by one creature after another, and Sky Wolf’s bounty spread throughout Ice Hell.

“Sky Wolf’s protection?”

“Unless Sky Wolf dies, nobody can kill me if I can get its protection.”

“Will Sky Wolf break its promise?”

“How is that possible? Sky Wolf announced that through the ranking and made it known to everyone. He’s not likely to break his promise because of us and humiliate himself publicly. Besides, Sky Wolf is always proud and doesn’t deign to attack us. Also, everyone knows he’s peaceful.”

“Hurry up and find the human.”

“That’s right. Let’s go find the human.”

All the other creatures tiptoed except for the strongest ones. Even Bone Emperor and Lightning-Racing Emperor would avoid meeting the five invincible emperors, not to mention the others. Though they were weak, they made up 90 percent of the creatures in Ice Hell. They devoted themselves wholeheartedly to finding Luo Feng. However—Luo Feng’s habitation was hidden deep in the snow, and there was a micro-detector around. Even if some creatures actually arrived there, they couldn’t detect Luo Feng with their eyes or godly force unless they destroyed the whole place and forced Luo Feng to come out.

The creatures vehemently searched for the human for hundreds of years, after which the enthusiasm gradually wore off. However, there were still some weak emperors continuing to search because once they succeeded, they could live a peaceful life.

On one of the islands of the sea, Luo Feng, dresses in black, sat on the beach watching the tides. As for the golden-horned beast, it was staying in Inner World and copying the sculpture of beast god.

“It’s been 1,000 years,” said Luo Feng. “I thought it would be almost impossible to improve because my conception of the beast god reached level 20 of Heavenly Bridge 1,000 years ago. By contrast, it was slowly but constantly improving.” Luo Feng was smiling. “However, there’s a huge gap between level 20 and level 21, which takes ten times longer than improving from level 19 to 20.

The conception of beast god was achieved by copying different sizes of beast god sculptures. Luo Feng’s perception of the merging law of Dao of Beast God was important as well, as it was difficult to achieve without it.

Perception of law was the root and the trunk. Conception was the branches. Only if the root was deep enough and the trunk thick enough that the tree could bloom.

They were functioning upon each other. With the perception of law, one could grasp a higher level of conception. Meanwhile, a higher level of conception boosted the perception of law.

Time flew.

The golden-horned beast concentrated on Ran Shen Seven move and tried to apprehend the conception of beast god by copying. The human form was studying Moon Policy and 10,000-Star Sermon Map.

The castellan provided different opponents based on the weaknesses of Luo Feng’s moves, under which Luo Feng refined his moves and improved sharply. He was already able to create new moves based on the second chapter, Muscle, and apply the law in a magnificently comprehensive way.

It took Luo Feng 1,600 years to create the second move for Moon Policy. Both the move of blade and Sha Wu Wing could be utilized. One move of blade could destroy any obstacle! It was almighty.

However, Luo Feng ran into some difficulties when studying 10,000-Star Sermon Map. Luo Feng originally thought that he could create the second move of the map ten times faster than creating the move for Moon Policy. After all, he was already experienced. However, it was much more difficult than Luo Fen thought.

The first move is based on the first chapter, and it’s simpler. Yet the second one stems from the second chapter, which is far more complicated. It becomes so difficult that I can’t extrapolate from Moon Policy.

Luo Feng identified the key distinction between the law of close combat and that of spirit weapon. The two weapons would only become more different when the secret technique became more intricate, and the experience would become increasingly useless.

Inside the palace of Thunder Island in the virtual universe, Luo Feng stepped into the palace, stopped halfway, and greeted, “Master, I’ve created the second move for both. Please give me some advice.”

“You realized, didn’t you?” came a voice from the infinite airflow.

“I realized,” Luo Feng said with respect, “that I was wrong to think it would be easier to create the move for spirit weapon if I knew how to create the move for close combat. However, it wasn’t as easy as I thought.”

“You’re creating the top-secret technique instead of the mediocre one. There are fundamental differences between the arcane codes of close combat and spirit weapons. Of course, the more you study them, the more obvious the differences will be. You can still refer to each other when creating the first or second move, but there will be no point when you start the third and fourth move. What’s more, it will only slow you down if you do that when you’re creating the fifth move, let alone the sixth one. And it will be an impossible venture to create the seventh move, which represents the power of a master of the universe.”

“Ah…” Luo Feng was startled.

“Diluting your concentration can indeed help you at first by supplementing one arcane code to another,” the castellan said. “However, they will only negatively affect each other when you reach a higher level, making it strenuous to create one more move. You think the powerful creatures are afraid of squandering time? No. They have eternal lives and couldn’t care less about time. What they’re really afraid of is losing the chance of the peak forever. Are you still sticking to your own way?”

“I am!” Luo Feng said, nodding.

“Fine. You’re still qualified to make mistakes. Let’s just hope you will change your mind when you start to create the fourth move.”

Luo Feng bowed without saying a word.

“Keep on. Show that you’re right with your achievements.” The sound was vague.

“Yes, teacher.” Luo Feng bowed, thinking that he would definitely prove it with his accomplishments.

Sou!

Luo Feng vanished, and his consciousness went back to reality.

Inside the cave of eastern Ice Hell, Luo Feng finally opened his eyes. He had been sitting in the living room with his legs crossed.

“Just wait for it, castellan teacher,” Luo Feng said. He had lost the joy he should have had after creating a new move. Rather, all he had was the intention to battle. “I need the reality to tell me I was wrong!”


Chapter 934: Meet Sky Wolf

Luo Feng left the cave and arrived at the surface of the snow. He walked slowly on the snow.

“Masters of the universe are the peak of the universe,” Luo Feng said under his breath. “However, not all the masters are equally powerful. The castellan is top-tier, Second Brother Flaming Emperor is mid-tier, and Big Brother Pu Ti is low-tier. Regardless, they were all awed by billions of clans in the universe. Nevertheless, Flaming Emperor doesn’t possess a treasure like Star Tower, even though he has two treasures, while the treasures Pu Ti has might be inferior to those of Flaming Emperor. Star power triggered the war between the top four clans. It’s able to stand solid between stars in the battlefield outside the domain, consuming energies constantly, which led to nine whirlpool nebulas, and the whirlpool could easily tear a universe knight apart. The most powerful treasure.”

Luo Feng nodded in silence. According to Zuo Shan Ke, when Luo Feng became a universe knight and collected the last piece of metal for Nine-Calamity Tome, he would almost be able to operate the entire Star Tower, and if he managed to do that, he could have the authority to talk with masters of the universe equally.

That means I will be the equal of the masters of the universe when I become universe knight, as long as I can operate the Sky Tower, Luo Feng thought. In this case, I must not waste this treasure, which is coveted by even the most powerful in the universe. The core of each element of the Star Map is a soul-controlling valuable.

Tower Pearls and Sealing Stars were nothing compared to the Star Tower. It was incredibly powerful.

The more Luo Feng thought about it, the more convinced he was that he had been right to follow the spirit reader path.

Teacher said following both paths spelled failure to create the seventh move. Luo Feng shook his head. However, the castellan also said before that no human could become a master of the universe following the path of beast god. Maybe some individuals of the barbarian races managed to.

“Of course, they are but exceptions,” mused Luo Feng. “Exceptions can’t represent anything. Maybe the teacher exaggerated a bit to convince me.”

Luo Feng walked step by step on the snow. Thoughts kept flooding his mind, which was affected by what the castellan had said. Although Luo Feng stayed firm both in front of his teacher and himself, the castellan was one of the three most powerful humans in the universe, and what he said could exert a huge impact on Luo Feng. That was why he needed to keep reminding himself of his motive in the first place.

He was firm not only because he had faith in himself but also because Zuo Shan Ke was more powerful than the castellan.

Luo Feng wasn’t blind. Without Zuo Shan Ke, he would ponder for quite a while because of what the castellan said.

A creature hid behind the ice tablets at the peak of an iceberg, staring at the void afar.

“That is?”

The blurry figure trembled and flew out, landing on the snowfield tens of millions of kilometers away. It was a metal creature with a metallic luster all over his body. His eyes were like rubies, and the body was stooping—like a cheetah trying to stand on two feet.

He was staring at the footsteps on the snow.

“I’ve never seen footsteps like this.” He examined them with his back bent, after which, he brightened. “Is it the human’s? If so, it’s my lucky day.”

Sou!

He took off along the overlook, noticing another footstep thousands of kilometers away. He teleported himself over and over again toward the footsteps, and after dozens of times of doing so, he spotted a shadow wandering on the snow. Each step he took was more than 1,000 kilometers long.

“Haha! It is the human!” The metal creature was exhilarated. “I’m the first one to find him, which means I don’t need to live in fear anymore!”

Hu!

He dove toward Luo Feng.

Luo Feng made an abrupt turn and saw a creature flying toward him. Luo Feng saw the two-meter-tall body covered with dimming gold and the ruby-like eyes.

“It’s metal Ka Tuo. Ranked 626.”

The powerful ones were killing each other in Ice Hell. Nobody would approach each other if they weren’t close, just as the weaker ones wouldn’t approach the top ten limit emperors. If they did so, they brought death upon themselves.

“A guy ranked 626 dares to challenge me,” Luo Feng said. He stretched his left arm and 52 black balls appeared. “I’ll test my second move on you.”

The second move was extraordinarily complicated. However, it was so powerful that the engravings needed 52 stars to carry.

Hong, long, long!

Countless golden threads connected the stars and 1,000-meter long beast god appeared. The beast god was dense, the scales on it were distinct. The scale-covered tail was the sturdiest. The scales on other parts of the beast god seemed to be covered with dust, whereas those on the tail were spick and span. There was a mystical vibe of law inside.

The sense of its aggressiveness emanated. Millions of square kilometers of space were trembling because of the beast god. The combination of 52 stars, the powerful secret techniques, and the stronger conception of beast god after 2,000 years resulted in outrageously magnificent power.

“No!” Metal Ka Tuo, who was originally overjoyed, was almost scared to death and teleported himself hundreds of thousands of kilometers afar, saying, “I mean you no harm, human. I come here in the name of Sky Wolf.”

Luo Feng stood on the snow with the aggressive beast god floating above. Luo Feng looked at the beast god with satisfaction. He exercised this move because he wanted to try it in a real battle, and it seemed that it would wield significant power.

“Sky Wolf?” Luo Feng looked at the metal creature from afar, waved his hand, and the beast god disappeared. The 52 stars fell from the sky to his palms.

The metal creature flew toward Luo Feng carefully and smiled with respect. He took out the tablet of ranking. “Mr. Human, please see for yourself.”

“Ranking?” Luo Feng skimmed the tablet and surveyed the ranking and the bounty Sky Wolf had offered to everyone in Ice Hell. “Why is Sky Wolf so keen to find me after he promised not to kill me to the public.”

“I’ll go check.”

After thinking about it for a short while, Luo Feng decided to go. “Lead me there,” Luo Feng said, looking at the metal creature.

Ka Tuo was thrilled and said, “Mr. Human, how lucky I am to be the first one to meet you. I’ll lead you to the palace of the master of Southern Ice Hell now.”

He teleported himself with Luo Feng to Southern Ice Hell.

Luo Feng looked at the palace from afar and the ice tablets with rankings around the palace.

“Mr. Human, I don’t dare to teleport inside, so let’s just fly there,” Ka Tuo said.

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng nodded.

Sou!

Two beams of light traveled toward the palace, and two of the servants were alerted.

There were seven servants around Sky Wolf’s palace; five of them were brought by Sky Wolf from the outside. They dealt with minor duties, while the other two were in charge of guarding the palace. These two had been mentally controlled by Sky Wolf ever since being severely damaged by him.

“Who? Who dares to trespass?” the servants of emperor level shouted after seeing the lights. “Um, isn’t that…?” They looked at them carefully. “Human!”

“It’s the human!”

They exchanged an eye contact after identifying the human whom their master had been dying to meet.

“It’s me who brought the human here,” Ka Tuo said with a smile.

“Lucky for you, Ka Tuo, you’ll get the eternal protection of the master,” one of the servants said. “Human, master has been waiting for you for more than 200 years. Come with me, both of you.”

The servant brought both of them into the palace. Luo Feng observed the surroundings and was able to see the giant beast sitting on the throne. It was Sky Wolf of the royal demon race.

Sky Wolf looked enormous with its more-than-ten-kilometer-body, whereas it was to the golden-horned beast like an ant to an elephant.

“Human!” Its eyes opened and overlooked him.

“Sky Wolf.” Luo Feng looked at Sky Wolf from afar and smiled. “Why are you looking for me so eagerly that you made such a promise to everyone in Ice Hell? Is there anything you want from me?”

“Of course, there is.”

Sky Wolf looked to Ka Tuo, who was bowing with reverence. Sky Wolf said slowly, “You brought him here, Ka Tuo?”

“Yes,” Ka Tuo answered.

“Okay,” Sky Wolf said. “From now on, nobody will dare to touch you around your palace.”

“Yes! Thank you, Mr. Sky Wolf.” Ka Tuo was so thrilled that his body was trembling. As someone ranked lower than 600, he was one of the weaker in Ice Hell and had to live in fear all the time, which was why he often went out to look for Luo Feng, knowing he could get Sky Wolf’s protection.

“Go.” Sky Wolf didn’t want to talk much with Ka Tuo.

Ka Tuo greeted Sky Wolf with veneration and bowed to Luo Feng with gratefulness before leaving the palace. Luo Feng couldn’t help feeling for the weaker creatures in Ice Hell.

Hong, long, long. The door was closed.

“The door is closed, and only your servants are here.” Lou Feng looked at Sky Wolf on the throne. “You can say what you want now.”


Chapter 935: Sky Wolf’s Treasure

Sky Wolf overlooked Luo Feng from the throne while a trace of amusement flashed in its eyes. His voice was echoing in the entire palace.

“Human, you should’ve figured out that I ask you here because I want to buy the anonymous account sensor from you. And you should know how much I want to connect to the outer world after being detained here for such a long time.”

“You’re from the demon race, and I’m from the human race!” Luo Feng said as he looked up at Sky Wolf. “You should know that our races were hostile against each other and that the virtual universe will reject your consciousness. You can’t enter the virtual universe even if you had the sensor.”

Souls and elements of consciousness were fundamentally different between races. The virtual universe belonged to humans. Lots of creatures from the demon race, the bug race, and the automation race wanted to use the virtual universe to convey their messages. However, the races deemed as enemies to humans couldn’t connect to the virtual universe. Even the other barbarian races who were not hostile against humans would be restricted and monitored while using the virtual universe. Silver Eye, for example, was a special creature and was still be able to use the virtual universe, although he had limited access authority.

“I understand that,” Sky Wolf said. He looked at Luo Feng. “However, you should also know that my servants are able to do that. Two of my servants are from the sister races of humans, and they’re able to enter it.”

“Where’s your previous sensor?” Luo Feng asked.

These sneaky enemies of the barbarian races would try everything to utilize the humans’ virtual universe, which was quite handy. Thus, they could usually acquire the sensor.

“Something went wrong, thus the access authority was taken away,” Sky Wolf said.

“No wonder.” Luo Feng grinned.

The monitor was especially sensitive and determined, and no matter how they tried to conceal the fact that they were using human slaves or barbarian slaves from the Hong Alliance to connect to the virtual universe, their access authorities would be stripped right away once a clue was found. Meanwhile, the access authority of the sensor would be taken away. What was worse, it would use the coordinates to capture the phony!

As a result, countless numbers of individuals belonging to the barbarian races had been captured and killed. However, the five peak races were still trying to establish intelligence networks through the virtual universe.

“I don’t have the sensor,” Luo Feng said, shaking his head.

“This lie may work on others, but my race has been fighting yours forever. Do you really think I’ll buy that?” Sky Wolf was gazing at Luo Feng. “You can certainly make a sensor using the artificial intelligence you’re carrying. The most important thing is the access authority! And you’re more than qualified to apply for an anonymous account.”

Sky Wolf kept overlooking Luo Feng.

“Relax,” he continued. “I don’t want to give you a hard time. You know that there is a plethora of intelligence systems for espionage built by the barbarian races. Although it’s difficult to be detected, the destruction of an intelligence system spells huge losses. Regardless, there are still so many barbarian races trying to build one intelligence system after another.” Sky Wolf stared at Luo Feng. “It doesn’t matter if I’m added, as there are so many of them, right?”

Sky Wolf gazed down at Luo Feng. “There’s no point hiding my intention because you can easily guess it,” Sky Wolf said. “Yes, I want out. Although I’m not sure whether the intelligence system is still there or not, I still want to take my chances. I want out!”

“And you think I’ll help a barbarian?” Luo Feng said.

“Not help, but a deal,” Sky Wolf said. “The anonymous sensor is easy to get, so selling one to me is not a crime. Besides, you’re not helping me send the message. Rather, the only thing you will do is to sell an account. Innumerable accounts are being sold throughout the human race every day, and some of them are purchased secretly by the barbarian race.”

Luo Feng stared right back at him. Sky Wolf was correct. It was commonplace to resell the accounts.

“I won’t take it for granted,” Sky Wolf said. “I’m willing to trade it for one treasure.”

“Treasure?” Luo Feng lifted his eyebrow. “How generous you are.”

Sky Wolf lifted its hoof, beside which appeared a black-stoned stick. On the two sides of it were beautiful sculptures, which made it look more like a piece of art than a weapon. However, the force it emanated filled the entire palace.

“One treasure for one anonymous sensor,” said Sky Wolf.

Sky Wolf watched Luo Feng. Yet Luo Feng was silent.

“You can have as many sensors as you want in the human world,” Sky Wolf said. “And you’re only selling one sensor. Both of us are trapped in Ice Hell, and all I want is to leave. Besides, I am only at the emperor level of undying. Me leaving is not a threat to you humans whatsoever.”

Emperor undying? Even universe knights weren’t influential in the human race and the demon race.

“No!” Luo Feng said, shaking his head.

“You’re not selling the sensor, even for a treasure?” Sky Wolf said.

He stood up abruptly and sharply became aggressive. The five servants were glaring at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng looked at Sky Wolf and kept shaking his head. “No deal!”

It was not because Luo Feng was inflexible; selling one sensor was nothing. Besides, adventuring in the universe could sometimes prompt different races to cooperate under some special circumstances. Luo Feng didn’t care about one sensor. What he really cared about was the price.

One treasure? Not enough!

“Two! I’ll give you the treasure I’m currently using!” Sky Wolf growled and glared at Luo Feng. “Two treasures for one sensor that is cheap on the outside! This is the greatest price I’ll pay. Take it, human! Even if you’re adventuring in a secret area of the universe, it’s not easy to get two treasures.”

Luo Feng looked up at Sky Wolf and said mildly, “No deal.”

“No deal?” Sky Wolf was startled. “Don’t you know these are both treasures? Do you even know how many treasures there are in Ice Hell? Even invincible emperors like me, or Silver Eye, have no more than three! I’m keeping only the most important and most suitable one while giving the other two to you. How dare you?” Sky Wolf roared. “Don’t you be so outrageous. I can use these two treasures to hire a universe knight to kill the most powerful of the human race. I’m not asking you to betray the human race; all I’m asking for is a sensor. I’ll ask you one more time, will you sell the sensor?”

Luo Feng shook his head. “No.”

Sky Wolf was infuriated.

Hong!

The entire palace was filled with belligerence.

Sky Wolf vanished from its throne while Luo Feng opened his wings with 52 black balls around his hand.

Howl!

Sky Wolf appeared right at where Luo Feng had been with its hoofs bent. He stared at Luo Feng bellicosely.

Luo Feng stood afar with 522 black balls floating around his hand and said, “I thought you made a promise to all of Ice Hell that you wouldn’t attempt to kill me.”

“It depends,” Sky Wolf said hoarsely with its teeth exposed. The three strange scars on his forehead were squirming. “Goddamn human blocking my hope of getting out. Tell me now, I shouldn’t kill you?”

“That sounds about right,” said Luo Feng. “But you should know that if you do kill me, you’ll never get the access authority to the sensor. Without the access authority, the sensor is useless to you.” Luo Feng looked at the 52 black balls in his palms. “Besides. You can’t kill me. Even Silver Eye, who’s proficient in time law, couldn’t do that.” Luo Feng stared at Sky Wolf. “As for you, your edge is space law, but I’m faster than you. How are you going to kill me?”

Sky Wolf was as belligerent as one could be, but Luo Feng treated it with nonchalance. They looked at each other from afar.

“Okay,” Sky Wolf said in a deep voice. “I bet your status is pretty high, given your power, and it’s much easier to get treasures on the outside. No wonder these two treasures can’t attract you. Well, I’ll trade the sensor for the most important treasure I have.”

“Oh?” Luo Feng was bewildered. Sky Wolf possessed something more valuable?

“These two treasures will not belong to you, but I’ll give you this one instead,” Sky Wolf said as he glared at Luo Feng. “I acquired this treasure by chance. This is something worth fighting for, even between universe knights. I killed a weak barbarian and got this in Ice Hell.”

“What is this mysterious treasure?” asked Luo Feng. “Is it the invaluable?” He grinned. “I won’t believe that.”

“Of course not,” said Sky Wolf. “That would set the universe knights crazy. However, this one is much more precious than a treasure, though it can’t compare with the invaluable.”

Sky Wolf slightly lifted its hoof, and a hexagonal stone tablet the size of a human palm came into sight. There was a beast roaring on the tablet.

The sculpture of the beast on the tablet made Luo Feng’s heart tremble. He had seen several kinds of peculiar beasts, like the one on the Nine Universe Primal Chaos Tablet and the beast god.

However, the beast on this tablet stirred some special feelings inside Luo Feng.

“What is this?” Luo Feng said, grinning. “This is merely an ordinary stone tablet. The only thing special about it is the shape and the sculpture. You call this treasure?”

“Just penetrate your will into it,” said Sky Wolf, staring at Luo Feng. “Then you’ll understand. This is the token of beast god inheritance from the most powerful Ancestral God School. Of course, it is much more valuable.”


Chapter 936: Reckoning

“The most powerful Ancestral God School?” Luo Feng was a bit confused. Even though he knew nothing about this school, Token of Beast God Inheritance appealed to him. He reached out. “Let me see.”

“Use your godly power penetration,” Sky Wolf said, watching Luo Feng. “As for the token, I’ll keep it until there’s a deal, and you may use your power to probe it.”

“You’re too careful.” Luo Feng glanced at Sky Wolf.

“Humans are cunning,” Sky Wolf urged him. “Just go check if you want it.”

Luo Feng looked at the hexagonal stone and injected an invisible spiritual force into it. The moment the force hit the stone, Luo Feng felt like he was entering an ancient world.

“When I’m going to the land of inheritance with the token, I can receive inheritance from beast god if I’m qualified. The coordinates are…”

Luo Feng collected the information, which described the stone as the token of soil and space merging law. Luo Feng was a little disappointed, as he was practicing the merging law of gold and space.

“Have you seen it?” Sky Wolf asked Luo Feng. “Make your decision.”

“Let me think about it,” Luo Feng answered.

“No need to rush. I’ve waited long enough to be patient.”

Sky Wolf stared at Luo Feng. Luo Feng stood there, frowning, whilst connecting to the virtual universe.

The virtual universe, inside the room of Luo Feng’s manor.

Luo Feng started to look up the necessary information on the laptop. He started by searching for the information of the school mentioned by Sky Wolf.

“Ancestral God School…”

Luo Feng’s access authority was updated after he successfully got out of sector-level Primal Sky Mountain.

“Hmm,” Luo Feng said, his spirits brightened a bit as he started to read the information on the screen. “Token of Beast God’s Inheritance.”

Ancestral God School was the most powerful organization in the universe. It was as old as the universe, and the highest level belonged to the legendary three Ancestral Gods. Three Ancestral Gods, Eight Beast God, 72 Holy Deified Generals, and 3,000 Prophets. There was a fixed number for each position. Although there could be candidates, each beast god position could only be filled by one. Unless the original beast god fell, there wouldn’t be a new beast god, and the same rule applied to deified generals and prophets.

There were three forms of inheritance in Ancestral God School. The first was inheritance of prophets, the second was inheritance of deified generals, and the third was inheritance of beast god. Inheritance of beast god was the highest level of inheritance, with each of the eight beast gods being a master of the universe. Hundreds of millions of races had followed the path of the beast god, and some of them had even received its inheritance and successfully trained themselves to reach the beast god’s level.

However, they still couldn’t become a beast god unless the beast god they were following fell. Once one became the real beast god, its power would surge. That was why there was a fixed number for each position.

Ancestral God School was open, and it neither participated in the battle for power nor needed a large territory, as there were only some 3,000 members in it. It was open to all the powerful creatures in the universe, and the inheritances they had were distributed across the universe to make sure they would be received by the right one. However, neither those who received the inheritances nor those who excelled at following the inheritances belonged to Ancestral God School—only the one who inherited the position.

Ancestral God School didn’t meddle in any wars. Other than the holy ancestral gods, only the beast gods, the deified generals, and the prophets were among all the races in the universe. Beast gods were the strongest, followed by deified generals and prophets.

The inheritance crystals of prophets floated randomly in the universe and collected by one powerful one after another. However, the lands of deified-general inheritance were fixed in a particular area. As for the lands of beast-god inheritance, they were under Ancestral God School’s control, and one must show the token to enter the land.

There were eight tokens, golden and space, wood and space, soil and space, light and time, wind and time, and thunder and time. Eight merging laws represented the eight paths of beast gods.

There was a rule for humans that if powerful humans managed to find the token, they could keep it for themselves. If they found it to be useless, they could hand it in, and they would be rewarded treasures as valuable as the token. Sometimes, they might get another token.

Luo Feng was amazed after reading all this information. He realized how supreme Ancestral God School was and how small the number of members was.

“Three ancestral gods and eight beast gods,” Luo Feng said. “How powerful are ancestral gods? I reckon they’re as powerful as teacher Mountain Sitting Gues. Only because of that could the Ancestral God School be the most powerful organization in the universe.”

Elite strategy… Ancestral God School followed the elite strategy. It didn’t have an abundant number of members, but it surpassed the six peaks.

“I can trade this token for the token that suits me,” Luo Feng realized aloud. He was expecting something more. “Sky Wolf, today is your unlucky day!”

Ice Hell, inside the palace of Sky Wolf.

Sky Wolf stared at Luo Feng.

“You’ve made up your mind?” Sky Wolf said.

Luo Feng nodded. “Yes.”

“Good. Now, do we have a deal or not?”

Sky Wolf said it more aggressively because it had a strong desire to go back to his clan. It was now an invincible emperor, where it was still lagging behind others at the same level, which stemmed from the lack of treasures! He was powerful enough, and all he needed were a couple of suitable treasures suitable, after which he could sharply improve his fighting and defending abilities.

Luo Feng looked at Sky Wolf. “Deal,” he said.

“Smart choice.” Sky Wolf laughed and said, “Human, give me the anonymous-account sensor first. I need to check it.”

Luo Feng frowned. “Let’s exchange our goods at the same time.”

“Haha! Are you kidding me?” Sky Wolf said. “If I give the token to you directly, you can run out in no time and take away the access authority. Then how am I supposed to know whether or not you’re telling the truth?”

Luo Feng glanced at it and started to contemplate. Sky Wolf was really sneaky, and he didn’t know whether he would be tricked or not.

“Makes sense.”

Luo Feng threw out a quantum computer. A godly force caught the quantum computer. Filled with excitement, Sky Wolf stared at the quantum computer. While he was detained in Ice Hell, he was only mediocre, but now he was an invincible emperor, which would make his clan value him significantly more. Once he managed to get back, he would be specially trained by his clan, and he might become a universe knight. And based on his power, he wouldn’t be an average knight.

“Do as I said,” Sky Wolf growled.

A figure came into view. It was a prepossessed, nine-meter tall female with a great body and six wings.

“Yes, master,” the female servant answered with respect and took the quantum computer.

The female servant connected to the virtual universe. Sky Wolf looked at her with a thrill while glimpsing at Luo Feng a couple of times. He was watching the scene in silence and monitoring everything in his virtual universe. He had high access authority and was one of the highest levels in the human race. He had reached this level by being the student of the castellan and one of the top talents.

In reality, Luo Feng had constructed a local area network for that anonymous account, which meant he was the only one who used the account all along. For instance, there were lots of players of virtual games, and there were quite a few people drinking in the bar. However, these were all simulated; even Luo Feng couldn’t tell that it was fake.

“Do whatever you want to do, including sending the message,” Luo Feng muttered under his breath. “Unfortunately, you’re currently in private virtual network, and it’s been cut off from the entire virtual universe.”

The female servant entered the game.

Luo Feng was monitoring everything. It was the number-three game, which dated back to 30,000 years ago. It was completely normal for a well-functioning game to be operated for more than 100 million years, given that human history had started zillions of years ago and some games were extremely popular. The game could be maintained as long as there were profits.

The female servant publicized the bounty mission.

Luo Feng noticed that the servant started by transferring a small amount of money from an anonymous account of the First Bank of the Universe to herself, after which she released a bounty mission to the entire game. She logged off after staying there for a while.

Inside the palace, Sky Wolf watched his servant. Finally, she said, “Master, there was no response.”

“Human!” Sky Wolf roared, becoming furious. “You’re playing me!”


Chapter 937: Luo Feng’s Original Plan

Luo Feng looked up at the enormous Sky Wolf and grumbled, “Yes, I was playing you! But you were playing me as well!”

“How did I play you?” Sky Wolf roared. “I was exactly following the deal, which says I can test whether it’s authentic or not! And you say I am playing you?”

“Do you really think I’m so stupid that I would allow you to connect to the virtual universe without the token? I still have a brain.” Luo Feng smirked. “I bet you were trying to send the message to the demon race as a means of testing.”

Sky Wolf was dazed.

“Publicizing a bounty mission in a virtual game with countless players is indeed a smart move,” Luo Feng said coyly. “There might be some spies among the players, and there’s no way for the system of the virtual universe to know who the spies are. Humph! You can send your message by this easily.” Luo Feng looked at Sky Wolf with a baffling look. “If you had succeeded, my Scanner would have meant nothing to you, and you would have achieved your goal. However, you would still have the inheritance token. Do you think you would really give it to me at that point?”

“I always keep my promises,” Sky Wolf answered in a hoarse voice.

“Nonsense,” Luo Feng sniggered. “I would be a joke if I believed the promise of an enemy race.”

Sky Wolf was stupefied and hesitant.

“Tell me, Sky Wolf, how can I trust you?” Luo Feng said, studying him.

Sky Wolf kept staring at the human in front of it. Sky Wolf, as a member of the royal demon race, was ruthless and cunning, and was the one in Ice Hell that perfectly manifested such characteristics. What was more, he was proficient in disguising himself. Still, even though he always acted kindly during the time he had been detained in Ice Hell, he did occasionally reveal his true self.

He was, indeed, luring the human with his token and trying to send the message in the name of testing. Once he got a response, it would mean the message was received, and it wouldn’t matter even if the human took away the access authority. By then, he wouldn’t have to give the human the inheritance token.

“What do you have in mind?” Sky Wolf said in a low voice.

“Since we’ve played all our cards, let’s be honest with each other from now on,” Luo Feng said, carefully watching Sky Wolf. “There’s only one rule. You give me the token first—before I give you the Scanner!”

“No!” Sky Wolf roared. “What if you take the token and run away?”

“Haha! You, as the master of Southern Ice Hell, fear that I’ll run away?” Luo Feng gazed at it.

“Who in Ice Hell doesn’t know you’re good at escaping?” Sky Wolf stared at Luo Feng with its blue eyes.

Luo Feng shook his head. “I’m indeed good at escaping, but you’re an invincible emperor. I don’t have any other ideas if you’re not on board with this one—unless you can offer me one!”

Sky Wolf sat there, pondering for a long time. He couldn’t think of anything else. He couldn’t come up with anything that could gain the trust of this cunning but cautious human.

“I’ll leave if you can’t make a decision,” Luo Feng said, shaking his head and smiling. “What’s the point of having the token if you can never get out of Ice Hell?”

“Wait…” Sky Wolf gazed at Luo Feng with hesitation, then shouted, “Fine! I’ll give you the token! But you must give me the access, and if it’s still fake, I swear I’ll have all the creatures in Ice Hell hunt you down!”

“Rest assured,” Luo Feng said with a smile. “Have some faith in human’s reputation.”

“It’s foolish to trust one’s enemies,” Sky Wolf growled and threw Luo Feng the token.

“So, you do know it’s a foolish thing to do,” said Luo Feng.

Luo Feng caught the token with his hands. The hexagonal tablet was heavy, and he could feel its extraordinary nature just by holding it. He was excited and thought to himself, I can trade it for another token, perhaps the one of special inheritance. This token is far superior to the inheritance of demon-note deified general, and maybe I can get an incredible reward.

“The access is granted,” Luo Feng said to Sky Wolf.

“Yes, master,” the female servant said with respect and connected to the virtual universe with her mind.

Luo Feng looked at her in silence, then connected to the virtual universe.

Virtual universe, the peak of Thunder Island, inside the palace of the Primal Chaos City Leader.

Luo Feng went to see the Primal Chaos City Leader right after he read the information of the ancestral god school and the token online. The interior of the palace permeated an air of chaos.

“Teacher,” Luo Feng greeted with veneration.

The airflow conveyed the voice of the Primal Chaos City Leader. “What happened?”

“It’s about the beast god token,” Luo Feng said.

A figure covered with a golden cape walked out. The Primal Chaos City Leader looked serene, though there was a trace of surprise in his eyes. He was a bit irritated by how Luo Feng diverted his attention, but he had to admit that Luo Feng was indeed lucky.

Luo Feng once fought Hei Ti Emperor as Blade River Emperor in the outer-domain battlefield, which was a piece of widely spread news, and the Primal Chaos City Leader had known about it all along. Although Luo Feng turned off the synchronized transmittal of the virtual universe, lots of powerful ones among the human race had videotaped the battle.

The Primal Chaos City Leader was surprised that Luo Feng had fought Hei Ti Emperor as a sector lord in the first place, and then he noticed that the black balls were a series of treasures. Like the invaluable, there were different levels of treasures. Treasures could be rated by different functions; offensive treasures were not as precious as defensive ones, which were inferior to sealing ones. And different treasures came with different powers. Series of treasures were definitely top-tier. The seven blades owned by Seven Blade Emperor were a series of treasures.

“How did my student obtain the token right after he got the series?” the Primal Chaos City Leader asked, startled. The token was certainly as valuable as a series of treasures. The token stood for the chance to be in the Ancestral God School.

“Allow me to elaborate,” Luo Feng answered.

“Please do,” the Primal Chaos City Leader said.

“I went to Black Flower Secret Region this time,” Luo Feng started to tell his stories without revealing his real intention, which was to find the black metal. “I didn’t panic after being captured in Ice Hell, as my core is outside. I treat it as the practice field. Although the five invincible emperors are all mighty, I have some chances. The invincible emperors only have a few treasures, and defending treasures are scarce. I plan to train myself in Ice Hell, and once I’ve completed the third chapter of Nan Shen Seven move, I can exercise the second form of Sha Wu Wing, which can disturb space. By then, even universe knights won’t be able to seal me, not to mention the invincible emperors in Ice Hell.”

“Being the fastest one makes me undefeatable,” Luo Feng went on. “I’m almost as powerful as them now. When I complete the third chapter and become stronger, I’ll have no problem suppressing and severely injuring them. I bought a considerable number of treasures before, and I’ll give the purple clock to one of the invincible emperors I might defeat and control in the future. As long as I have the defending treasure and an invincible emperor servant, I’m confident that I can defeat them one by one. This was my original plan, which was to train myself and defeat them one by one.”

The Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. Luo Fen was, indeed, filled with aspirations, daring to fight invincible emperors as a sector lord. However, the invincible emperors could barely reach the threshold, as they had too few treasures and were rather inferior to the real ones like True Yan Emperor.

“However, I found this beast god token,” Luo Feng said, and he briefly summarized the story of Sky Wolf. “If Sky Wolf buys my story, I can get the token without having to put up a fight. However, even if it knows more about my intentions, I’ll try to get the token in the first place. I can’t stand staying in Ice Hell for 10,000 years after seeing the token. I want to get out and go to the land of inheritance. I want to be stronger!”

Luo Feng added with reverence, “I can’t get out unless I stay here for another 10,000 years. I need your help, teacher. Teacher… I’ll have to give the Scanner to Sky Wolf if I want to get the token. My first plan is to escape after getting the token. Sky Wolf can’t do anything, as I’m proficient in defending myself. The second plan is to let it connect to the virtual universe and send the message, after which the demon race will appear, and so will teacher. Would teacher give some advice? If teacher prefers neither of those options, I can wait here for another 10,000 years.”

The Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng and beamed. “I can see that your mind is fixated on the land of inheritance, and it will be tortuous for you to stay here,” he said. “Let Sky Wolf send the message. Although it’s an invincible emperor now, it was weak before, and the demon race won’t believe everything it says. It’s impossible for the demon race to send a Universe master.”

“Even if it is a Universe master, I can overpower that,” said Luo Feng.

“Get the token first, in case the demon race sends a Universe master to protect Sky Wolf,” the Primal Chaos City Leader said. “The token is indeed valuable. My body is wandering in the universe these days and would slaughter for one of the invaluable. It’s worth the effort to get a token.”

“Yes,” Luo Feng said. “Okay.”

The Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng expectantly. He felt that he was indeed lucky, and it would be a waste for him to spend 10,000 years in Ice Hell. If he went to the land of inheritance, he might encounter some other rewards. After all, Luo Feng kept pleasantly surprising him after becoming his student. The only thing that slightly bothered him was Luo Feng’s choice to follow both the path of a spirit reader and that of a warrior.


Chapter 938: Master of Sky Wolf

Ice Hell, inside Sky Wolf’s palace.

Sky Wolf stared at its female servant anxiously, brimming with hope, as the servant tested the virtual universe.

“I’ve been detained here for an infinite amount of time,” roared Sky Wolf. “This will decide whether I can get out or now!” Sky Wolf was suddenly aggressive—a rare glimpse of his true nature. “It has to connect. It has to!”

Time was passing by while Sky Wolf felt like he had been through centuries. The servant opened her eyes.

“Is it done?” Sky Wolf grumbled.

“Yes, master,” the servant answered respectfully. “Someone just responded.”

“Someone responded?”

Sky Wolf trembled and felt its blood heating up. He had never been so thrilled after being detained here.

“Awesome! Awesome!” Sky Wolf howled. The sound spread out from the palace.

“Sky Wolf,” Luo Feng said.

“Haha! Human, you are a man of your word.” Sky Wolf said, looking down at Luo Feng.

The “response” was the confirmation of receipt of the message, which would be forwarded to Sky Wolf’s teacher. How could he not be exhilarated to know he was about to get out? Sky Wolf had been as steady as an iceberg before, whereas now, he was as aroused as a volcano about to burst.

“Then I’ll walk myself out,” Luo Feng said, smiling.

“Haha!” Sky Wolf burst into laughter. “Be my guest.”

The door opened, rumbling. Luo Feng glanced at the door, open his wings and flew away.

“Congratulations, master!” the servants said as they started to celebrate.

Sky Wolf, however, said, “No need to elaborate. Although the purple knight can’t keep an eye on everything that happens in Ice Hell, we’ll be in trouble if he finds out. Be constantly on alert until we actually get out. We’ll just wait here and will get out in a day or two.”

Sky Wolf looked up at the boundless ice world outside, “Human, I’ll let you keep the token for a while to avoid any trouble. I’ll get it back and dedicate it to my race after the supreme being arrives.”

Thinking of this, Sky Wolf couldn’t help but laugh. Under his delicate manipulation, the sound only echoed inside the palace.

After Luo Feng left the palace, Ji Hong Emperor appeared beside him and teleported himself.

Deep in the snow of Eastern Ice Hell, inside Luo Feng’s habitation, Luo Feng was overjoyed.

“I’ve acquired the beast god inheritance token,” Luo Feng said. “I didn’t expect Ancestral God School to be so powerful and to own all the eight beast gods. Oh, right—there were different sculptures of beast gods on the golden pool of Seven Blade Emperor.”

Suddenly, the scene entered his mind of the birth of the sealed star and how Life Falling Emperor had launched a sneak attack against Seven Blade Emperor. It had been during the attack that Seven Blade Emperor had pulled out a special golden pool.

That might have something to do with Ancestral God School, thought Luo Feng.

“It seems that Seven Blade Emperor also got the special inheritance.” Luo Feng was filled with suspense. “I’ll go to the land of inheritance and see how it is. Sky Wolf… I’ll need to thank you, this time.” Luo Feng looked up and smiled. “I’m waiting for the supreme being of your race. Let’s see whether it will be my teacher Primal Chaos City Leader’s rival.”

The demon race did set up lots of intelligence networks in the virtual universe of the humans. However, ordinary undying were not allowed to access it, and even emperor-level undying were not allowed unless under special circumstances, as using the network was extremely dangerous.

Although there was a plethora of delicate methods to conceal their identities, supervision was everything in the virtual universe. Thus, even a tiny shred of a clue might expose the entire network, which was costly.

“Si Bo Wa is still alive!”

Inside the territory of the demon race was a prosperous planet where lots of young demon races were living. However, on the planet lived a powerful universe knight.

“Si Bo Wa became my third student when I had just been made a universe knight,” he said. “I haven’t heard from him for God knows how long. I can’t believe he’s still alive.” A merely two-meter-long Sky Wolf with blue feathers was joyful inside a peaceful palace. “And there’s more. It became an invincible emperor without any resources or help in Ice Hell. Haha! I expected Si Bo Wa to become a universe knight before, and I was right all the time. If it could have stayed in the clan and had been provided with the proper resources, he could’ve become a universe knight long ago.”

The seemingly ordinary Sky Wolf was walking around.

“Teacher, did you decide to come out?” A ten-kilometer-long Sky Wolf appeared and shrunk to two meters. The emperor-level Sky Wolf was another student of the universe knight, and it was the owner of the planet.

“I still have some things to deal with.” The blue Sky Wolf howled and vanished. “I’ll come back in a few days.”

“Yes, teacher.”

Deep inside the territory of the demon race floated a palace among the stars. It was surrounded by blazing fires of rainbow color. Each ball of flame was as large as a star.

The scene could not be seen unless one was within close proximity of the palace’s location. Apparently, the space and time around the palace were both twisted and independent of the outside universe. The palace had the shape of a ball of flame, and it was silent inside. On the enormous square in front of the palace appeared a blurry figure, which condensed into a ten-kilometer-long blue Sky Wolf.

“Leader,” the universe knight groveled on the ground and greeted.

The eye-shaped sculpture on the palace blinked and a rumbling voice came out, “What’s the matter?”

“Leader,” the Sky Wolf said with veneration. “I just received news of my student, one who became my student when I was first made a universe knight. I valued it the most until it disappeared a short while after becoming my student. His name is Si Bo Wa.”

“I,” the rumbling voice continued. “I know of him. His name was on the list of ‘Turning-Back-Time Rescue.’ I tried to do that and save it, but I failed. I thought it was mentally controlled by some other powerful ones.”

Although Si Bo Wa had not been as powerful when it went missing as it was now, it had been qualified to be resurrected due to its potential. Unfortunately, it couldn’t be successfully revived and was thus forgotten.

“I received its message,” the Sky Wolf said. “It was in Ice Hell of the Black Flower Secret Region, and it has been detained there for an eternity.”

“Ice Hell of the purple knight and blue knight?”

“Yes, leader.” The Sky Wolf continued, “It became an invincible emperor without any resources or instructions.”

“An invincible emperor?” The sound was mixed with surprise.

“I wouldn’t dare lie,” the Sky Wolf answered. “Leader, I want to go and rescue my student. However, I’m not sure whether I’m powerful enough to do that with the purple knight and the blue knight guarding Ice Hell—especially with the purple knight present, who was one of the deified generals of Ancestral God School. That’s why I want to ask Sky Flower Knight to help. But I’m afraid that he won’t be willing to do so. Hence, I came here to notify you first.”

Sky Flower Knight was the second most powerful creature of the Sky Wolf clan. Although he was only a limit universe knight, he was as powerful as an ordinary Universe master. He was definitely an overlord of the universe. And the most powerful one was the master of Sky Wolf, who was the owner of this palace.

“If Sky Flower is willing to show up, together with the deterrence of our race, the two knights in Ice Hell won’t dare reject us,” the Sky Wolf said.

“Sky Flower is in a dangerous place, and I can’t reach him,” spoke the rumbling sound. “Even I have no idea when he will come back to the original universe. Now that it is an invincible emperor, I’ll go myself.”

“Leader, you’ll go by yourself?” the Sky Wolf said with gratefulness. “Si Bo Wa will be filled with honor and gratitude if it knows.”

“I haven’t seen the purple knight for a long time.”

All of a sudden, the balls of flames flew toward the palace, shrinking to small tongues of flames that merged into sculptures of flames within the palace, making the aura in the palace all the more vigorous.

“This is one of the invaluable,” the Sky Wolf said as he admired what he had just seen.

This palace was one of the invaluable possessed by the Sky Wolf clan. The Master of Sky Wolf had obtained it when the universe first came into being.

“I’ll go now.”

The entire palace vanished.

Only the blue Sky Wolf was still floating among the stars, and he couldn’t have been more joyful.

“Si Bo Wa,” he said, “will be safely brought back!”


Chapter 939: Arrival of the Primal Chaos City Leader

Inside the Ice Hell star band of the Black Flower Secret Region.

A towering palace surrounded by flames appeared out of nowhere, and the second it appeared, it became the core of the entirety Ice Hell, exerting an aggressive and mighty force on it. All the undying playing in the Ice Hell star band instantly began shivering out of fright.

“What’s the point of scaring them as Master of Sky Wolf?”

A trace of purple light and then blue light flew to the floating palace.

“They ought to grovel upon my arrival,” the rumbling sound came out of the palace, and a figure covered with fire walked out.

The figure looked like the manifestation of law of the universe. Tongues of flames surrounded him, and the dark Sky Wolf was walking at a slow pace. The space and time around him were in his control completely, and he was the owner of the entire Ice Hell star band! Even the blue knight and the purple knight had to revere him.

He was the greatest being of the Sky Wolf clan: Master of Sky Wolf!

“There is a sky wolf detained in Ice Hell.” His voice was rumbling, trembling the entire domain. “Let it out.”

The purple knight and the blue knight gave each other a look. There was an immense number of demon-race creatures, and they hadn’t expected that Master of Sky Wolf would show up for merely an undying.

“Please wait a minute, Master of Sky Wolf,” the blue knight said and waved his hand.

A cylindrical icicle appeared on his palm. Since Master of Sky Wolf arrived, he needed to carry his treasure to greet him. Ice Hell was one of the sealing treasures, which was scarce and precious; together with the blue knight’s talents, its tremendous power could be fully utilized.

The blue knight’s mind entered the Ice Hell and locked onto the Sky Wolf, kicking it out easily.

“Get out!”

The white Sky Wolf didn’t stand straight until rolling among the stars. After looking around, exhilaration filled its eyes. When it saw the purple and blue figures, and the palace engulfed in fire where stood the forceful black Sky Wolf, it recalled the legend of the Sky Wolf clan. It couldn’t believe its eyes.

“Leader!” Si Bo Wa groveled with a thrill.

The legendary leader of Sky Wolf clan! The eternal leader!

“Purple knight, how powerful is this Sky Wolf?” The black Sky Wolf looked at the purple knight from afar.

Although the purple knight and Master of Sky Wolf bore some grudges against each other, the knight had to suppress his hostility. Master of Sky Wolf wasn’t just any Universe master with invaluable treasures.

“Master of Sky Wolf,” said the purple knight, “this one is particularly talented, and it is ranked among the top five in Ice Hell. If it were equipped with some suitable treasures, it would rival other invincible emperors.”

“Then why did you detain it, knowing its potential?” Master of Sky Wolf kept grumbling.

“It’s my Ice Hell that detained it,” the blue knight said, clearly irritated.

Master of Sky Wolf looked to the blue knight.

Rumble!

An invisible force assailed the blue knight, whose body bounced away and cracked, after which the pieces were assembled.

“Who allowed you to speak?” the voice was muddled with anger. Coldness flashed through his eyes, which terrified the purple knight.

“Master of Sky Wolf!” the purple knight screamed.

“Relax. Because of you, I won’t actually hurt him.” Master of Sky Wolf calmed himself down. “It was just a small punishment.”

The blue knight flew back to the purple knight. He was filled with exasperation, but all he could do was to suppress it. The purple knight smiled and said, “Master of Sky Wolf, I’ve already let your people go. If you want to catch up with me, you can come with me to the Ice Hell star band, and I can invite some friends.”

“I’ll pass.”

Master of Sky Wolf glimpsed at the purple knight and looked down to Si Bo Wa.

Si Bo Wa said, “Leader, there’s a human in Ice Hell, and he has the beast god token.”

It didn’t dare to tell him that it was the one who had given the human the token, as it was afraid to enrage this supreme being that it had only heard of before.

“Beast god token?” Master of Sky Wolf looked to the purple knight. “Let the human out, and I’ll take him with me,” Master of Sky Wolf said.

It was an excellent deal to get the token with a word, as the tokens were limited resources to a race.

“Human?” The purple knight and the blue knight exchanged eye contact and realized they were in trouble. The purple knight shook his head. “There was no human.”

“Don’t you dare tell me there’s not!” the voice blasted, trembling its surroundings. The space was twisted like waves. “Of course, you know that there’s a human inside!”

“No, there’s not,” the purple knight said and kept shaking his head.

The two knights didn’t have the guts to hand in the human. They had already contacted Mountain Sitting Guest and confirmed that the human was a student highly valued by him. Everyone knew how mighty Mountain Sitting Guest was. Even Master of Sky Wolf was nothing compared to him. They might manage to survive if they wronged Master of Sky Wolf. However, even the Ancestral God School couldn’t protect them if they wronged Mountain Sitting Guest!

“There’s no human,” agreed the blue knight, shaking his head, too. “The little one must have misremembered it. There was a human before, but he died a long time ago.”

Master of Sky Wolf looked at the purple knight and the blue knight in shock. He could not believe they were unwilling to give him the human. Si Bo Wa, standing to the side, was also looking at its leader and waiting for his hint. If he was to give up, it would say the similar thing as the two knights. Otherwise, it would tell a different story.

“Interesting,” Master of Sky Wolf said. “Who is this human? He doesn’t sound like a nobody.” Master of Sky Wolf stood in front of the towering palace and overlooked the knights. “Did a supreme being of the human race make a pact with you both so that you two would rather defy me? If it’s something good to humans, I’ll surely sabotage it! Give me the human!” Master of Sky Wolf glared at them. “Or I’ll get him myself!”

“Leader! They were lying! I just saw the human!” Si Bo Wa shouted.

“Did you hear me?” Master of Sky Wolf looked down at the knights.

“Master of Sky Wolf!” The purple knight said with fury. “Are you going to fight us because of a human?”

“I’ll suggest you back off!” the blue knight said.

They were already secretly notifying Mountain Sitting Guest, who had unbelievable skills, to share the news. However, Mountain Sitting Guest only responded, “Give him the human and meddle. Don’t tell him my relationship with this human.

“Give me the human!” demanded Master of Sky Wolf. “No matter who’s behind him, I won’t be afraid. Even if he’s the founder of Gigantic Axe!”

The purple knight and the blue knight gave each other a look. They were pondering why Mountain Sitting Guest would tell them to stand aside and not expose the relationship. Master of Sky Wolf would certainly go away if he heard the name “Mountain Sitting Guest.” But what was the point of this if Mountain Sitting Guest said so?

“Okay.” The purple knight nodded. “We’ll let him go.”

Deep in the snow of Eastern Ice Hell.

Luo Feng sat in the living room and waiting for the Primal Chaos City Leader.

Rumble!

He suddenly felt the entire sealing force squeezing him. Space cracked at the front. He was squeezed out without even putting up a fight.

Luo Feng opened his wings and floated among the stars.

It must be my teacher, Luo Feng thought.

But he was startled by what he saw. The purple knight and the blue knight were standing afar, and on the other side floated a gigantic palace surrounded by flames. The power that emanated from it was colossal and surpassed that of the Sky-Swallowing Palace which Luo Feng had seen before. The owner, a black Sky Wolf, petrified Luo Feng, and next to him stood a subservient white Sky Wolf.

It’s the Sky Wolf of Ice Hell, Luo Feng thought to himself.

“Human,” Si Bo Wa said, looking down at Luo Feng smugly. “The token was only kept by you temporarily. And now, the token and your life will both be gone.”

Master of Sky Wolf looked down at Luo Feng. “You seem to have a strong background,” the master said. “Unfortunately, you’re dying today and will not be resurrected.”

Where is my teacher? He should’ve arrived a long time ago.

“Die!” Master of Sky Wolf said nonchalantly.

All forms of sound went off and spread to all the creatures detained in Ice Hell. Luo Feng and Si Bo Wa heard it, too, and so did the two knights and Master of Sky Wolf.

Among the Ice Hell star band, a blurry river of sky that was several light years long appeared and covered the entire star band. It looked infinitely long, as if it were opening an entrance to another universe.

On the river floated various kinds of treasures, each of whose force permeated the space.

“It’s thousand-treasure river!” cried the purple knight, dazed.

“Thousand-treasure river!” the blue knight said and looked to Master of Sky Wolf, gloating.

Master of Sky Wolf was bewildered. He roared, standing in front of the palace with his hoofs. “Primal Chaos City Leader! Why don’t you show yourself, since you’re here?”

The fire around him soared with spread everywhere, but it was extinguished by the force from the river. The palace started to oscillate as if it would topple at any minute.


Chapter 940: Seeing Through

The weak undying, together with Luo Feng and Si Bo Wa, were stunned after seeing this. The thousand-treasure river was only a reflection of a river that cast a shadow on the stars, which was why it looked blurry. However, Sky Wolf Palace could only barely resist its mighty power.

“That is the first time I have ever seen thousand-treasure river!” the blue knight sighed. “It is indeed forceful and unstoppable. According to the legend, thousand-treasure river is made up of 1,000 invaluable treasures, and if it was dismantled, it would become 1,000 individual invaluable treasures!”

“Dismantle? Who could do that?” said the purple knight. “The birth of this river is for the treasures to strengthen each other. Each of the treasure has its flaws and is only as powerful as an ordinary top-tier treasure. Only assembling them into the thousand-treasure river can make the invulnerable treasure that roams the universe. You have never seen how the Primal Chaos City Leader slaughters other creatures. This is only an body of him. His original body is more powerful than this.”

“I’ve heard of it before,” the blue knight said as he nodded. “Primal Chaos City Leader. One of the bodies sits in the primal universe and the other in the original one, taking charge of the virtual universe company. And the strongest original is meant for killing.”

Luo Feng couldn’t hear the conversation between the blue knight and the purple knight.

“How powerful my teacher is!” muttered Luo Feng. “And this is only one of his bodys.”

Luo Feng looked at the boundless projection of the river and Master of Sky Wolf, who was struggling to control Sky Wolf Palace inside the project. Luo Feng admired his teacher even more.

Teacher Mountain Sitting Guest thinks that I can become a Universe master and utilize star tower in the future—even surpass the Primal Chaos City Leader in the future? thought Luo Feng, filled with aspiration.

The Primal Chaos City Leader could annihilate everything within several square light years with a snap of his fingers!

A gigantic figure that was 10,000 kilometers tall walked on the waves of the river toward him with a huge stone stick. “Master of Sky Wolf,” said the figure. “It is outrageous for you to kill my human student.”

“What is that?” gasped Luo Feng.

He was thrilled. This was the first time he had seen the other body of his teacher. It was 6,000 miles tall and silvery white. There were 1,000 antennas on its head, and the eyes looked tranquil. He walked on the waves barefoot and held a rugged stick. Only a seemingly ordinary shirt was covering the body, whereas the sound of the treasures on the shirt echoed. Each thread of the shirt looked like a running river.

“Is… is this a special life?” Luo Feng knew that it was a special life, as there were no clans in the human race that looked like this. What’s more, it was 6,000 miles tall. If it wasn’t originally this tall, enlarging one’s size would only make it weaker.

“This is the Primal Chaos City Leader!” Si Bo Wa was dazed and had to reluctantly admit that the Primal Chaos City Leader was indeed more forceful than the leader of its clan. Si Bo Wa glanced at Luo Feng. “He is able to bring the Primal Chaos City Leader here?”

When the Primal Chaos City Leader walked toward everyone with the rugged stick in his hand and thousand-treasure shirt on his body, Master of Sky Wolf did look comparatively inferior.

“Primal Chaos City Leader, you think so highly of this human that you come here by yourself,” Master of Sky Wolf said.

“Didn’t you come for this little one here?” the Primal Chaos City Leader asked, looking at the tiny white Sky Wolf.

There was no comparison between their sizes, but they were at least equally forceful. As for the blue knight and the purple knight, they became the insignificant parts of the conversation and were overlooked by both the Primal Chaos City Leader and the master. As for Luo Feng and Si Bo Wa, they were less than negligible.

“I didn’t come here with a purpose.” Master of Sky Wolf suddenly looked to Luo Feng. “You, on the other hand, gave this human an invaluable treasure.”

Luo Feng was startled.

“An invaluable treasure? He possesses an invaluable treasure?” Si Bo Wa was stupefied and looked to Luo Feng.

“What?” the purple knight and the blue knight said, also looking toward Luo Feng in shock. This was new information for them.

“Let me check,” Master of Sky Wolf said in a hoarse voice. “Blade River Emperor? Interesting. I can’t believe a sector lord is able to disguise himself as an undying with the invaluable treasure and garner such a reputation. This student you have is nothing like the fallen Ke Di. Let’s see which invaluable treasure he possesses. According to the information, Blade River Emperor is incredibly rapid, so I assume this wing is his invaluable treasure? Am I right, Primal Chaos City Leader?”

The purple knight, the blue knight, and Si Bo Wa were all dumbfounded.

Sector lord? He was only a sector lord?

“He can escape from Silver Eye as merely a sector lord?” Si Bo Wa was bewildered. “It must be the invaluable treasure which makes him so powerful.”

“Impressive, indeed,” said the purple knight.

“He can be this mighty as only a sector lord and earn such fame,” said the blue knight. “No wonder Mountain Sitting Guest values him this much.”

The purple knight and the blue knight sighed. They would also definitely aspire to get the invaluable treasure if they had known Luo Feng had one, but they wouldn’t have actually had the guts to take it by force.

Luo Feng was in shock. He looked at Master of Sky Wolf and thought, Teacher Mountain Sitting Guest is right. I do have three invaluable treasures, the tower pearl, star map, and Sha Wu Wing, respectively. However, I’ve never shown them in front of the master, and the powerful creatures shouldn’t be able to recognize them unless I wield their powers. Does he suspect it simply because I’m so fast?

This Master of Sky Wolf is perceptive, indeed. The invaluable treasure can only trick the knights.

Luo Feng recalled how Pu Ti and teacher Mountain Sitting Guest were able to see his real identity as a sector lord. The invaluable treasure wasn’t as effective at concealing the aura.

The Primal Chaos City Leader said, “An ordinary invaluable treasure is nothing, and of course I’ll give it to the juniors of my race who have great potential. This is how the supreme beings are made. Do you know why we of the human race have less undying than the demon race, yet we have more supreme undying? It is because we’re willing to give while you are not. Will you, as Master of Sky Wolf, be willing to give this little one an invaluable treasure?”

Si Bo Wa was thrilled. An invaluable treasure? Could it really get an invaluable treasure? It couldn’t help glancing at the master, but then it looked down instantly. The invaluable treasure could only be rewarded by the master, and Si Bo Wa could never ask for it directly.

“Everyone knows you humans prospered because of the virtual universe,” Master of Sky Wolf roared. “And it’s not your business to tell me how to train my descendants. I’m done talking to you now.” He finished and brought Si Bo Wa into the palace.

The Primal Chaos City Leader burst into laughter, which permeated the thousand-treasure river and made the Sky Wolf Palace tremble. Master of Sky Wolf growled and flew away, entering the dark universe after hitting light speed. Apparently, within the power range of the river, Master of Sky Wolf couldn’t teleport himself even with the palace.

“This Sky Wolf is still so reckless.” The Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head and looked to the two knights. “Thank you for taking care of my student for the past two thousand years,” he said. Then he vanished together with Luo Feng and the river.

“Thank us?” the blue knight said, a bit dazed. “I heard that the Primal Chaos City Leader was belligerent, but now he thanks us? Why is he so good-tempered?”

“Good-tempered?” The purple knight sneered. “You only say that because you’ve never seen how the Primal Chaos City Leader slaughtered before. The master dared to speak only because he was innately reckless, but did you realize he fled after only saying a few words? Among the five forces of the human race, the virtual universe company is as powerful as the Battle-axe Coliseum. Do you really think the Primal Chaos City Leader can control the entire virtual universe by being good-tempered? How can his original be famous for slaughtering if he’s good-tempered?

The blue knight blinked.

“Be careful,” the purple knight said. “The most powerful of the six peak races were all ruthless, and they can destroy us in the blink of an eye if necessary.”

“I get it.” The blue knight nodded.

Inside the primal secret region.

After one god-country transport and a million-lightyear teleportation, the Primal Chaos City Leader arrived at one of the many secret regions of the human race, the primal secret region. The Primal Chaos City Leader jumped up with the thousand-treasure shirt and turned into a boundless river, surrounding the stars and the palaces.

“The river,” Luo Feng said. He looked at the stars and couldn’t see the end of the river.

“The thousand-treasure river can transform into everything, and this river is its original look.” The Primal Chaos City Leader pointed at it. “Luo Feng, the reason that I could intimidate the master is this river. And an invaluable treasure like this is the cornerstone of our race! You are a man with luck. Perhaps you will be able to get an invaluable treasure like this in the future.”

“I’ll try my best,” Luo Feng answered.


Chapter 941: Famous in the Universe

The Primal Chaos City Leader smiled and said, “Then I’ll wait and see.”

Thousand-treasure river was a top-tier invaluable treasure, and even most of the masters of the universe couldn’t obtain treasures like this. The Primal Chaos City Leader was just saying this to encourage Luo Feng instead of actually expecting him to get a top-tier invaluable treasure.

Perhaps you don’t know, teacher, but I’ve already had two invaluable treasures, thought Luo Feng, one of which being Force Armor, and it’s thousand-treasure river’s equal. As for Star Tower, it’s one of the most powerful invaluable treasures in the entire universe.

The Primal Chaos City Leader shrunk to the size of Luo Feng from a planet-sized giant.

“Luo Feng, there’s something I need to ask you,” the Primal Chaos City Leader said. “But the choice is yours.”

“Please, teacher,” Luo Feng answered.

Beside the river and the palaces, they started to talk.

“True Yan Emperor is also your teacher, and that’s why I need to tell you more about him,” the Primal Chaos City Leader said gradually and calmly. “As a matter of fact, True Yan Emperor’s also practicing on the path of beast god.”

“What?” Luo Feng was dazed.

“There are a few powerful ones on that path, but they all kept it as a secret,” the Primal Chaos City Leader explained. “The most talented ones of your generation, like you and Seven Blade Emperor, are all following the path of beast god. However, beast gods belong to Ancestral God School, whose existence is a top secret in the universe, and thus people who train themselves following the path of beast all keep in as a secret, and so do you.”

Luo Feng nodded. Only a small number of people knew that Luo Feng was following the path of beast god.

“I told you this because your teacher True Yan Emperor is following the branch of soil and space,” The Primal Chaos City Leader said.

“Soil and space!” Luo Feng said with shock. The beast god inheritance token he just obtained was of soil and space!

“You’re a smart person, and you must have guessed what I mean,” the Primal Chaos City Leader looked at the boundless thousand-treasure river and said. “Seven Blade Emperor got a token from our race before. Given your potential, you’ll also get one when you officially become an undying.”

“On the contrary,” he continued, “your teacher True Yan Emperor is not as talented as you. He only became an invincible emperor by training for an extraordinarily long time and getting instructions from other powerful ones within our race. It’s impossible for him to get a token from the race. He filed an application before, but the race has never granted him any approval, and thus, he can only earn the token himself. However, the tokens are some of the scarcest resources in the universe, and one can only find them by luck, with which a sector lord can obtain one by accident. But without luck, a universe knight can’t find one even if he were to comb every inch of the universe.”

The Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng. “The resources in our race belong to all the humans. Although there are countless treasures, they must be granted to the most talented, and it must be subject to all the seniors’ discretion. But now, there’s a way to help your teacher.”

“I bet you already understand what I mean,” the Primal Chaos City Leader continued. “You can give the token to your teacher directly. Your teacher is going to the land of inheritance now, and it’s a huge opportunity for him, as he might become a universe knight. He might also fail since he’s far less talented than you or Seven Blade Emperor. You two are almost his rivals by such a short time of training.”

“I’m willing to give it to my teacher,” Luo Feng answered without any hesitation.

He had to pay True Yan Emperor back.

I’ll get the token anyway when I become an undying, he thought. All I need to do is wait. Once my third body comes into being, I’ll become an undying. However, my teacher has already waited for an eternity. A small time of waiting in exchange for a huge opportunity for my teacher is totally worth it.

“You’ve made up your mind already? No regrets?” The Primal Chaos City Leader looked to Luo Feng.

“No, I won’t regret it,” Luo Feng said, nodding sternly.

“Great.” The Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Now, you’ll give the token to your teacher. However, you don’t necessarily have to wait to become an undying to go to the land of inheritance. I’ll file an application for you. Normally, you’ll be granted one after entering the undying level, but I believe Master of Sky Wolf will make the news of Blade River Emperor public.”

“Master of Sky Wolf?” Luo Feng was dazed.

“Yes,” said the Primal Chaos City Leader. “Blade River Emperor is a sector lord. He will definitely let everyone know and will polish the story. Once it’s made known, lots of the peak races will have their eyes on you and try to assassinate you.” The Primal Chaos City Leader sighed. “The human race will know, too.”

“Your identity as Blade River Emperor is only known to few, but it will change soon,” he continued. “I’ll use it as an excuse to file an application for the inheritance token for you. Since you’re already as powerful as Seven Blade Emperor, you’re already qualified to enter the land of inheritance.” The Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “Although that’s a place of danger, it only comes from the competition within our race, as nobody from the other races will dare to assassinate you in the sacred land of Ancestral God School.

“That’s why I think the token will be granted. However, I can’t be 100 percent sure. After all, they’re the resources of the entire human race, and all I’m in charge of is the virtual universe company. The seniors might veto it, since only the undying were able to enter it before. I’ll say you’re more likely to succeed than to fail.”

“Thank you, teacher,” Luo Feng said. He truly appreciated the help.

There would still be grudges between siblings. Hence, normally, there were hidden competitions between the five powers of the human race. It would be conceivably difficult, as the resources didn’t only belong to the Primal Chaos City Leader.

“The more powerful and famous you are, the easier it is for me to apply for the resources,” the Primal Chaos City Leader said with a smile. He was content looking at Luo Feng. Although he already knew Luo Feng’s personality by experience, he was joyful when he saw Luo Feng’s willingness to give the token to True Yan Emperor without any doubts Apparently, Luo Feng knew how to show gratitude.

Blade River Emperor was only a sector lord.

The news was like a thunder and shocked all the powerful creatures. It spread like wildfire, and lots of the powerful ones of the human race knew about it within the day. People everywhere in the Hong Alliance City were talking about it.

“Blade River Emperor is a sector lord!”

“He was able to kill a peak emperor. And now, people are saying he’s only a sector lord? How is it possible for a sector lord to be so mighty? It’s outrageous!”

“It must be fake!”

“It’s real. Both the demon race and the automation race have already found out about it, and they’ve already offered bounties for killing this Blade River Emperor.”

“If he is indeed a sector lord, why were so many powerful ones unable to distinguish him? The auras between a sector lord and an undying are totally different.”

“They said Blade River Emperor obtained an invaluable treasure, which conceals his true identity.”

“Invaluable treasure?”

“Blade River Emperor has an invaluable treasure? That can even set universe knights crazy.”

It was madness. The news that Blade River Emperor is a sector lord and that Blade River Emperor had an invaluable treasure made a plethora of powerful ones jealous. One could tell how tempting an invaluable treasure was by the sound and fury sealing star resulted in.

“If Blade River Emperor is a sector lord, who is he exactly? He’s even more unimaginable than the legendary Ke Di.”

“Perhaps it’s Luo Feng, as he’s the most powerful sector lord of the human race and has already passed the sector-lord-level Sky Mountain.”

“I don’t think it’s Luo Feng. Instead, it might be a super talent who has been undercover all the time. And this talent is even stronger than both Ke Di and Luo Feng, and that’s why they’ve kept it as a secret and given him an invaluable treasure to conceal it.”

“Where did all the talents come from? Luo Feng is already the genius of our time.”

“Maybe this Blade River Emperor is one of the most talented of the human race and is even mightier than Ke Di and Luo Feng.”

“I still think it’s Luo Feng. It’s impossible for such a genius to stay anonymous.”

Within the boundless universe and hundreds of millions of races, most of the creatures had heard the news of Blade River Emperor. They also knew that Blade River Emperor belonged to the human race, but they couldn’t be sure who he really was. Lots of people thought it was Luo Feng because, based on all they knew, only Luo Feng had such potential.

“Dad, are you the Blade River Emperor?”

“Some of the super-families within our Ganwu universe also talk about this Blade River Emperor during businesses. I’ve heard of some of the news and guessed it was you.”

In the nine-star bay of Black Dragon Island, Luo Feng was having meals with his family.

“I also heard of it,” Xu Xin said.

“Don’t interrogate me,” Luo Feng said.

Luo Ping and Luo Hai smiled because their father would’ve denied it if it weren’t true.

“Dad, you’re awesome!” Luo Hai said, opening his eyes wide.

“Remember not to tell anyone,” Luo Feng said as he glanced at his sons.

“We know,” said Luo Ping.

“We know how serious it is,” Luo Hai answered with excitement.

Although Blade River Emperor was yet to become the most powerful one in the universe, he had already garnered widespread fame, and his name would be in history forever. Wasn’t that what they wanted? Fame?

This is only the beginning of my rise, thought Luo Feng. I’ll only become stronger since I’m on the edge now. And the demon race… you’ll lose in the end.


Chapter 942: True Yan Emperor and Luo Feng

Inside, the ancient Chaos City was peaceful as always. Three purple messengers were walking on the street and reached True Yan Emperor’s house.

“It’s the purple messengers of the Primal Chaos City Leader.”

“The purple messengers are here.”

The most frequently seen messengers normally wore black. Some of the students in True Yan Emperor’s house were startled, as they’d rarely seen the arrival of purple messengers. They knew something significant had happened.

“Go, tell the teacher.”

After only a short while, True Yan Emperor came out and greeted them himself. He was also baffled. “Three purple messengers are here?” he said. “One black messenger is enough, normally. What’s the point of sending three purple messengers here?”

“Congratulations, True Yan Emperor!” The tallest messenger laughed. “Congratulations.”

The other two purple knights laughed along.

“Why do you congratulate me? Come, sit inside.”

True Yan Emperor led the three messengers into the hall, and several students served some wine and fruits. They left after duty, as they knew they were not supposed to meddle with some major issues. That left only the three messengers and True Yan Emperor in the hall.

“It’s such great news.” The tall messenger beamed and brought out a metal box.

“What’s so mysterious?” True Yan Emperor took and opened it. There was a hexagonal stone tablet inside, on which was sculpted a roaring beast god.

True Yan Emperor was dazed, and his hand started to tremble. He picked up the stone tablet, and his eyes turned red. He caressed this tablet as if he were worried that it was a phantom. His voice faltered as he said, “Beast god inheritance token! It’s the beast god inheritance token! For such a long time—practically forever—I’ve always wanted it!” True Yan Emperor’s body trembled. “Now, I’ve finally got the chance. Finally!”

He was stuck at the last step for what felt like an infinite amount of time. Although the token could help him greatly, it was almost impossible to get one. The tokens were extremely rare in the universe, as they represented the most special inheritance of Ancestral God School. Perhaps there were only a few of each type of the tokens within the human race, and the race needed to prepare for the potential peerless talents in the future. The tokens would only be granted under few circumstances.

He couldn’t make the final breakthrough if he didn’t get the token. It was indeed only one step, but it was like a chasm, separating countless emperors from universe knights.

“Thank you, Primal Chaos City Leader.” True Yan Emperor kneeled with excitement. “Thank you, seniors. I’ll strive to become a universe knight and live up to the expectations.”

“Please, get up.” The tall messenger helped True Yan Emperor to his feet.

“The race rewarded with a token. I…” True Yan Emperor was thrilled.

“It’s not from the race. It’s from your student Luo Feng.”

“Luo Feng?” True Yan Emperor was stupefied.

“Yes, your student Luo Feng,” the tall messenger continued. “I was serving the Primal Chaos City Leader in the primal secret region. The Primal Chaos City Leader asked us to come here directly and give this to you. As for Luo Feng, he’s still with the Primal Chaos City Leader in the primal secret region.”

“How did he get the token?” True Yan Emperor suddenly had complicated feelings. “My student was also following the path of beast god, and he could certainly trade this token for another. Why did he give this to me?”

No matter how close the relationship between the teacher and the student, the powerful ones would do everything in their power to improve themselves. Giving the insignificant ones to their teachers could be regarded as gratitude.

“True Yan Emperor, you have a great student.”

“We won’t stay for long, as we need to go back and report,” the tall messenger said. “We’ll escort ourselves out.”

The three messengers left.

True Yan Emperor was both exhilarated and anxious. Even though he had desired the token for so long, he felt like it was too much.

True Yan Emperor connected to the virtual universe and sent ten emails to Luo Feng before coming to Luo Feng’s manor in Yu Xiang Mountain.

“Luo Feng,” True Yan Emperor shouted, which baffled all the servants and the guards.

“Teacher!” Luo Feng soon got out of the hall.

“Come with me.”

True Yan Emperor grabbed Luo Feng and entered the hall. True Yan Emperor couldn’t wait to yell, “Where did you get the token? Did you get it from our race? Don’t you know how important it is to you? You’re following the path of beast god yourself! How could you just give it up and hand it in to your teacher? I’ll be restless knowing you’ve traded your future for mine. And you know if I can’t be tranquil, I might fail even if I enter the land of inheritance.”

“Please relax, teacher,” Luo Feng said. “I got it myself instead of getting it from my race.”

“You got it yourself?” True Yan Emperor was startled.

It was not so easy to get one. Once other powerful ones found it, they would use their godly power to penetrate it and discern how important it was. Usually, they would just hand it in to their race. That was how most of the tokens were held by the races.

“It’s true. I obtained it by myself.” Luo Feng said. “Just think about this. I gave this to you in the hands of the Primal Chaos City Leader. If I actually got it from our race, the Primal Chaos City Leader wouldn’t allow me to do so.”

“That makes sense.” True Yan Emperor nodded his head. “The Primal Chaos City Leader won’t let you be reckless.”

“Just use it now, teacher,” Luo Feng continued. “It’s not difficult for me to get a token from our race.”

“You’ll definitely be valued by our race based on your potential, and you’re more than qualified to get the token. Even the Seven Blade Emperor, who is less talented than you, could get one.” True Yan Emperor nodded his head and frowned. “However, you need to become an undying to get the token, and that’s going to take a long time.

“Please don’t worry about that, teacher.” Luo Feng smiled. “Did you forget that I’m Blade River Emperor, teacher? I’m already powerful enough to get one, and the Primal Chaos City Leader will file an application for me. He told me that it would succeed given his presence and my genius.”

True Yan Emperor sighed. “The Primal Chaos City Leader is the ruler of the virtual universe. Okay, he’ll definitely succeed. Luo Feng, I’ve benefited so much from you.”

“It was a piece of cake.” Luo Feng beamed.

Deep in the primal secret region, the thousand-treasure river surrounded the stars. Luo Feng was sitting on top of one of the palaces and looked at the river from afar. He thought back to what the Primal Chaos City Leader had told him.

“Luo Feng, this is the date when we’ll know whether you can get the token or not. If it fails, you’ll have to wait until you become an undying. I hope it can succeed.”

“I will succeed,” said Luo Feng as he sat on the top of the palace with his legs crossed. “Land of inheritance, the sacred place of Ancestral God School. How exciting!”

Time passed. Luo Feng was growing anxious from waiting. However, he knew that the seniors from all the five powers of the human race were negotiating the decision. Could they make an exception for Luo Feng? Could Luo Feng succeed?

After a long while, Luo Feng heard a peaceful voice.

“Luo Feng.”

Luo Feng turned around and saw the Primal Chaos City Leader holding the rugged stone stick. Luo Feng’s heart missed a beat, as he knew the meeting had ended and a decision had been made.

Luo Feng stood up and greeted him. “Teacher.”

“The meeting’s over,” the Primal Chaos City Leader said. “I can tell by the look on your face how concerned you are. Rest assured, because it’s good news. The application was approved, and your identity as Blade River Emperor thrilled the masters of the universe of our race. They all think highly of you, and thus I don’t need to put forth too much effort.”

Luo Feng was overjoyed. He didn’t believe what the Primal Chaos City Leader said and was certain his teacher had pulled lots of strings.

“Thank you, teacher,” Luo Feng said. “I won’t fail you and the other masters of the universe.”

“Just don’t fail the human race.” The Primal Chaos City Leader burst into laughter. “The token will be sent to you in two days, and I’ve already told True Yan to come to the primal secret region to meet with you. You’ll go to the land of inheritance together.”

“Yes, teacher.” Luo Feng was cheerful.

The human race was efficient, and the token arrived after only one day.

“Beast god inheritance token.”

Luo Feng started to examine the hexagonal metal tablet in his hands. There was a single-horned lizard sculpture on the tablet, which was the beast god of Blood River World. However, it was not as distinct as the one Luo Feng had gotten before, and it did not contain any law.

“How marvelous the metal is. I’ve never heard of it.”

Luo Feng caressed the tablet and penetrated it with his spiritual force. The information struck his mind. It was the same as the one before. They even had identical coordinates.


Chapter 943: Land of Inheritance

True Yan Emperor took off from Primal Chaos City immediately after Luo Feng told him the news and arrived at the Primal Secret Region on the same day.

Inside the transportation center of the Primal Secret Region.

Luo Feng was dressed in black armor and True Yan Emperor in gold as they departed from their spaceship and landed on the boundless expanse of the Primal Secret Region. Here, many transportation channels had been built for the purpose of Godly Kingdom transportation. Creatures here didn’t need to fear the risk of discovery.

“Teacher, we’re far from the Land of Inheritance,” Luo Feng said. “Do you have the coordinates of any nearby locations?”

“The closest is 1 billion light years away,” True Yan Emperor said.

“That far?” Luo Feng was startled. A distance of 1 billion light years would take them a whole year to cross. “One of my servants has some coordinates. Maybe we can cut down on the journey by half a year or so.”

Luo Feng waved his hands, and a Barbarian creature covered with scales appeared. It had a purple membrane on its face, and its appearance drew the attention of many powerful warriors in the area.

Murmurs went up among the crowd. “It’s True Yan Emperor!”

“How is it possible that True Yan Emperor left Primal Chaos City?”

“He actually left?”

“Then who is the one with him? The man in the black armor?”

“Could that be Blade River Emperor? Everyone says Blade River Emperor is Luo Feng, and we all know Luo Feng is a student of True Yan Emperor. This black-armored man standing with True Yan Emperor… Can you feel the force emanating from him? It could be Blade River Emperor concealing his wings!”

None of these individuals made any efforts to lower their voices; they deliberately let Luo Feng hear them in order to observe his reaction.

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor looked at one another.

They’re quite astute, True Yan Emperor said, speaking to Luo Feng telepathically. Your reputation precedes you.

It’s not surprising that they’ve guessed it, replied Luo Feng. Others already have. And rumor has it that my invaluable treasure is the Silver Wing. Besides, there are only so many powerful individuals within the human race, and everyone knows each other. It’s little wonder that an earthling whom they have never seen before—who suddenly shows up with you, of all people—is the subject of suspicion.

You’re in big trouble, True Yan Emperor teased.

Luo Feng shrugged. Eh. It’s not necessarily bad to be famous. He turned to his servant and said aloud, “Perform Godly Kingdom transportation.”

“Yes, master,” said the Barbarian servant.

It started the transportation process immediately. A flash of aqua-blue light surrounded Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor. In an instant, they saw a boundless world at the other end of the light. It was the Godly Kingdom of the Barbarian race.

Luo Feng, True Yan Emperor, and the servant all vanished.

They soon arrived at a quiet place far away from the territory of humans—a star in a remote region of the universe.

“Disguising a ship as a star?” said True Yan Emperor. “Your servant is very interesting.”

“There are infinite stars in the universe,” replied Luo Feng. “The perfect disguise for any object.”

The teacher and the student flew out to the blinding surface of the star-like object.

“How fast can your ship go?” True Yan Emperor asked.

“In the Dark Universe, 72 times of the speed of light,” said Luo Feng. He sighed. “I had one that was 10 percent faster, but it was taken away by a Universe Knight.”

“Ah, the Green Knight!” said True Yan Emperor with a nod. “How reckless you were to tangle with him.”

They had spoken at length in the Primal Secret Region, and True Yan Emperor had naturally asked Luo Feng how he had acquired the token. Luo Feng had briefed him—without divulging certain important information—about the events pertaining to his situation with the Blue Knight.

“I have a ship that’s 90 times lightspeed,” True Yan Emperor said. He smiled at the look on Luo Feng’s face. “Finally, I have something to be proud of.”

“90 times lightspeed?” Luo Feng was shocked.

True Yan Emperor waved his hands, and a streamlined, shuttle-shaped spaceship appeared in the sky. It shone with lustrous golden plating.

“Master,” came an elderly male voice from the spaceship. “You’re finally using me. I haven’t flown in the Dark Universe for years.”

“This is a Metal Life Form,” True Yan Emperor explained. “I haven’t let him out since I first arrived at Primal Chaos City. Come on, let’s get in.”

The door opened, and Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor entered the spaceship. As soon as they were aboard, the ship surged forward, and they entered the Dark Universe, increasing to lightspeed in an instant. The ship’s speed kept increasing after entering the Dark Universe.

“89 times, 90 times, 91 times—oh, it can’t go faster!” the Metal Life Form within the ship said joyfully. Suddenly, an image of a cute girl appeared on the control panel, and the ship’s voice changed from that of an elderly male to a youthful, energetic female. “Master is finally adventuring again. I have been so lonely!”

Luo Feng, in the middle of a sip of wine, promptly spat a mouthful all over the floor. “Where she come from?”

True Yan Emperor glared at the control panel. “Hey, weren’t you an old man before?”

“It’s been hundreds of millions of years!” squealed the Metal Life Form. “Is it really so surprising that I would transform?”

Luo Feng burst into laughter. “Teacher, let’s face it. Who among us wouldn’t change a little over hundreds of millions of years?”

True Yan Emperor shook his head.

Interstellar travel was a boring affair. The scene outside the ship never changed, and life within the ship went on almost as unchanging. Initially, Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor exchanged some pleasantries, but after getting drunk, they both went back to their cabins and started training. At 90 times lightspeed, it would take four months to reach the Land of Inheritance.

Inside the cabin, the body of the Mo Sha clan was present while the original earthling body went back to the Internal World and started to practice Nine-Calamity Tome.

Inside the Internal World, on the boundless prairie, Luo Feng looked at the Golden-Horned Beast from afar.

“It’s the third metal of Nine-Calamity Tome,” said Luo Feng, filled with delight. “It really is a lot.”

The first two metals he had gotten before only provided him with the tomes of the First, Second, and Fifth Calamity, and he lacked the tomes for all the other calamities. However, the third metal offered him the tomes of the Third and Fourth; thus, Luo Feng could practice three tomes consecutively.

“The First Calamity makes my genes three times stronger, and the Second makes them six times,” he said. “The Third, 12 times. The Fourth, 24 times.”

Luo Feng looked at the Golden-Horned Beast from afar. During the past 2,000 years spent in Ice Hell, the Golden-Horned Beast had already accomplished his goal. However, Luo Feng realized there was an issue. The Golden-Horned Beast’s genes were ten times stronger than those of humans. And now, after finishing the first Five Calamities of the Nine-Calamity Tome, the Golden-Horned Beast was 480 times more powerful than humans. It was outrageous to even comprehend. Not even Dokus—or Silver Eye—were more than 100 times stronger than humans.

“480 times… Unbelievable.” Luo Feng sighed. “That means when I become an Undying Knight, I’ll become 100,000 times stronger than a sector lord, while the Beast can become 48 million times stronger! Many of the Special Life Forms are not even that mighty.”

Special Life Forms generally had genes that possessed 100 times greater potential than those of humans, and even the weakest Special Life Forms were ten times stronger. A small number of Special Life Forms were 500 times more superior. Only a rare number of them could be 1,000 or even several thousand times finer. The more superior they got, the rarer they were. There were quite a few Dokus, whereas Beast Gods and Mountain Sitting Guest were one of a kind.

“I figured out before that the more superior one’s genes are, the less effective Blood River is,” said Luo Feng. “The force of Blood River could make its right hoof 100 times stronger and its entire body ten times stronger. However… it’s not omnipotent. It can strengthen humans and Golden-Horned Beasts, but can it enhance Beast Gods? It is, after all, the essence of the blood of Beast Gods.

The function of the force was obvious when the genes were at a low level. However, to individuals like Mountain Sitting Guest, it might provide zero benefit. The Golden-Horned Beast had been practicing the Nine-Calamity Tome for a long time, and it was already as powerful as a Special Life Form. When the Beast exercised the force again, the effect was significantly smaller.

“The right hoof of the Beast is still stronger,” said Luo Feng, “but it’s only twice as strong as the entire body.”

Luo Feng recalled that it had previously been ten times mightier than its body. Clearly, the strength of the right hoof could not be improved further. Neither the Fourth Calamity nor the Fifth couldn’t improve its strength, as it had already reached its limit.

“Once the force is exercised, the constitution of the Golden-Horned Beast’s body will be 1,000 times stronger,” Luo Feng mused. “That’s rare even for Special Life Forms. I suppose I should be content… I’ll keep practicing. No wonder Nine-Calamity Tome may only be borne by the Sky-Soul Crystal. Only one is qualified to practice it.”

Luo Feng became more and more powerful by practicing during the course of the journey, and the true power of the tome gradually showed.

Four months later, Luo Feng heard True Yan Emperor’s voice calling, “Student! Student! Come out! We’re arriving at the Land of Inheritance!”

Luo Feng smiled eagerly. The Land of Inheritance!


Chapter 944: Bauhinia Island

Inside the control room of the spaceship, Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor were looking at the outside through a virtual scene. One gale after another blew everything they touched, as if they were pythons playing among the stars.

“This is the legendary ancestral god secret region!” True Yan Emperor was amazed.

“The ancestral god secret region is one of the most dangerous secret regions in the universe,” Luo Feng said with wonder. “It’s the same size as a universe country, and dangerous areas are everywhere. Even universe knights can’t manage to survive it.”

There were various levels and areas of the secret regions. Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor would certainly research the region, as they had known the coordinates. They were startled to find out that the land of inheritance was located in the ancestral god secret region. As a top-tier secret region filled with hazards and ordinary dangers that could kill a universe knight. In some extremely risky areas, even masters of the universe needed to be careful.

Its diameter was 160 million light years, and it took 200 million years to travel in sub-lightyear speed. One might need to start the adventure from the birth of the universe to pay the entire region even a cursory inspection. Besides, no one dared to do that.

Mysterious! Dangerous! Off-limits! These were the words that best described the ancestral god secret region.

“One of the most common things in this secret region is ‘Hei Chong Whirlpool,’” said True Yan Emperor. “Even a small whirlpool can severely injure a universe knight. And a large one can kill them for good. Look. Those are the Hei Chong Whirlpools ahead of us.”

“There are more of them at the back,” said Luo Feng.

True Yan Emperor turned around and saw a whirlpool that was billions of kilometers long running through the stars. If the whirlpools at the front were like pythons, and the one at the back was hundreds of millions of times mightier.

True Yan Emperor was stupefied. “This is the Hei Chong whirlpool at the periphery. Only the one at the outer right is so enormous.”

“We’ve arrived,” Luo Feng said and nodded his head.

The spaceship slowed down and stopped. Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor flew out.

Among the stars were the Hei Chong Whirlpools chasing each other. Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor stood amongst the stars and looked at each other.

“Where is it?” Luo Feng said, frowning. “I can’t see the land of inheritance.”

“Just wait,” True Yan Emperor said.

Suddenly, the space twisted and sucked them in like a series of swirls.

“Teleportation?” said Luo Feng.

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor thought of this, and everything became clear. They were still both standing in hollow space, but the scene afar was breathtaking. The colorful river was running, emanating a mystical power that was highly enticing. Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor both possessed strong wills and realized something was wrong.

“Quick enough,” they heard a cold voice say.

They turned around. An eight-meter-high rock undying stood in the hollow. He was dressed in a fiery armor and was green like an emerald. Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor realized he was of the Fei Cang Clan, one of the rock creatures.

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor were shocked, as they hadn’t realized anything else was here.

It’s a universe knight, Luo Feng thought. Only a universe knight can teleport without letting us recognize it.

Even I can’t sense it, True Yan Emperor thought, surprised.

“I’m the guide of Ancestral God School,” the knight said. “Give me the token, humans. Or you’ll die with it.”

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor both felt like they were trapped in a fire, and Luo Feng felt like a boat adrift, lost at sea.

The guide of the school? he thought.

There were gods, beast gods, deified generals, and prophets within the school, and prophets were the weakest. They were merely as powerful as the weakest universe knights. However, this creature of Fei Cang Clan emanated a force that was irresistible.

Teacher, is he a general? Luo Feng asked mentally.

It should be, True Yan Emperor answered.

They took out the tokens anyway.

“The tokens are rare,” the knight said with a smile. “No wonder the human race is one of the top six races. Sending two people with tokens at one time is impressive, indeed. Come with me.”

The knight was flying with Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor aside.

“Do you see that?” The knight pointed to the dreamy and colorful river.

They both nodded.

“Come and look at it closer.” The knight teleported them to beside the river.

“This is…?” Luo Feng held his breath.

It was no river; on the contrary, it was composed of auroras of five different colors. He could still see the river shape from afar, whereas he could only feel its boundlessness standing beside it.

“Is this the five-color aurora lake?” True Yan Emperor asked, thrilled at the idea.

“You do know something,” the knight complimented him. “Yes, it is indeed the five-color aurora lake.”

“A lake?” Luo Feng was bewildered and trying to look to the end of the river.

“Of course, it’s a lake,” the knight explained. “You see it as a river only because you’re standing on the same level of it. However, if you fly above and overlook it, you’ll see a circular lake. This lake has a diameter of ten light years and is almighty. One aurora can severely injure a universe knight, and it’s constituted by countless rays of auroras. It’s one of the most forceful invaluable treasures in the universe.”

Both Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor were dazed. Even one aurora was this powerful?

“This lake is the guarding invaluable treasure of the Ancestral God School,” the knight continued. “Who will dare to trespass with such an invaluable treasure around?”

“One of the most powerful invaluable treasures? Guarding invaluable treasure?” True Yan Emperor sighed.

“No wonder the Ancestral God School is the first power of the universe.” Luo Feng recalled his star tower instead.

There were countless auroras on the surface of the lake, and together, it served as the guarding treasure of the Ancestral God School. The spiral of the star tower, which was made up of sealing stars, was also precious, and together with the heavenly pillar, the star tower was also one of the most forceful invaluable treasures in the universe, according to Mountain Sitting Guest.

“What an eye-opener for me to see the five-color aurora lake,” True Yan Emperor said.

“It’s lucky enough for you even to take a look at an invaluable treasure of this level,” the knight said, a bit proud. “There’s another invaluable treasure of this level: star tower. That’s something that can’t be moved by literally anyone, and lots of the powerful ones in the universe still don’t know the tower’s real power.”

“Star tower is also one of the most powerful invaluable treasures?” True Yan Emperor was shocked.

“It seems you don’t know everything.”

The knight shook his head. “Star tower is one of the easiest to see but also the most mystical invaluable treasures in the universe. Nobody’s been able to figure out the mystery behind it, and nobody can take it away. It’s been standing there forever.”

“I’m done talking, and I’ll take you to Bauhinia Island now,” said the knight. With that, he teleported.

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor felt a bit dizzy before getting to the edge of the lake. They were only a few hundred meters away from it. Each of the auroras was around 10,000 kilometers long, and its force made Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor shiver.

“Did you see that?” The knight pointed to the deep of the lake. “That’s the Bauhinia Island.”

“What? Inside the lake?” They looked in that direction. They could indeed see a blurry island, dim among the auroras.

“Come in.” The knight flew directly inside.

“Go in? Even though the auroras are forceful?” True Yan Emperor couldn’t help asking.

“Rest assured, this is one of the most powerful treasures in the universe, and it won’t hurt anyone it recognizes,” the knight said. “You both have the tokens, and thus, you’ll both be fine.”

True Yan Emperor looked at Luo Feng and said, “Student, I’ll try first.” And then he touched an aurora with his hands. The aurora encircled his arm like running water without attacking him.

The knight didn’t say anything after seeing this. He had seen how careful and distrustful those heirs were.

“Let’s go,” True Yan Emperor said.

“Yes, teacher,” Luo Feng said and followed him into the lake.

They felt like they were marching in a real lake, and the auroras comforted their bodies. The island became larger and larger as they approached it.

“This is Bauhinia Island, where your beast god heirs will reside on,” the knight said just before they reached the island. “And this is the margin of the lake.”


Chapter 945: Guarding Beast God

Bauhinia Island, with a diameter of millions of kilometers, was far away from the auroras.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

The knight, Luo Feng, and True Yan Emperor landed on the island like three beams of light.

“There are so many palaces,” said Luo Feng, looking at the palaces on the ground and on the mountain. He could literally feel the force coming from all the palaces in every area. He frowned. “There seem to be lots of powerful ones living here.”

“Look at that,” the knight said, pointing to the sky.

They both looked up.

“Huh?” said Luo Feng.

He saw halos enveloping the entire island. The halos kept swelling before they disappeared, and then, a new halo came into being. Each halo surrounded another in concentric circles like the ripples on the water. They were spreading. Born and vanished. Born and vanished. Again and again.

Each halo was made of threads of the law—the time law, space, gold, wood, water, fire, soil, wind, thunder, and light. Each law was mixed in each thread, which made the halos complete and perfect. Luo Feng was amazed as he realized the halos were actually manifesting the laws of the universe.

“You two!” the knight shouted.

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor came back to reality.

“This is… This is…” True Yan Emperor was rendered speechless. “It’s incredible!”

“This is the periphery of the laws.” The knight looked at the halos ardently. “The ancestral god school is the first power of the universe and is responsible for maintaining the operation of the laws of the universe. And it’s protected by the laws.”

Luo Feng was bewildered. Maintaining the operation of the laws of the universe?

“The secret region of our school has the most special creatures and treasures,” the knight said with great confidence. “The five-colored aurora lake was also rewarded by the laws of the universe. What we’re doing is following the laws, and ancestral god school is defying the laws of the universe.”

“How overbearing it is,” Luo Feng murmured.

“You don’t believe it?” said the knight. “You’ll understand after living here for hundreds of millions of years.” The knight glanced at Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor.

“Hundreds of millions of years?” Luo Feng was baffled.

“Come with me,” said the knight. “The first thing to do is to build a dwelling place on the island.”

The knight walked quickly with Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor following him. One step was a thousand kilometers, and they reached the destination in no time. They could see all forms of palaces and powerful ones of all races while walking on the island. There were billions of races, and all of them were mystical with different shapes and characteristics. Luo Feng could recognize some of the special creatures.

“How many residents are there on the island?” Luo Feng wondered.

“Other than the island owner, all of the others are the heirs,” the knight said. “My job is to lead you here, and I’ll leave soon. There are a plethora of heirs. You can calculate yourselves. There have been only a few hundred human heirs since the birth of the universe. And when you take into account the entire universe? It’s a fair universe, and the tokens were distributed everywhere. There are hundreds of millions of races in the universe, and adding all of them together makes tens of billions of heirs.”

“Tens of billions of heirs?” Luo Feng stared at the knight.

“There are really that many heirs?” True Yan Emperor found it hard to believe.

“It’s a vast universe, and humanity is only one of the many races,” the knight explained. “Only the ancestral gods know how many heirs there are. Of course, there are only 100 million living on the island.”

“100 million?” Luo Feng pondered. “What about the others?”

“If an heir dies, the Universe master will reverse the time to bring back rather the heir than the token. It’s too costly to bring back a token, and even a Universe master is reluctant to pay the price.” The knight continued, “Each of the heirs comes with a token, and the second you step in here, your life and the token are bound. The token will be shattered if you die, and it can never be reused. Many powerful heirs died. That’s why there are only 100 million of them now.” The knight finished explaining.

They walked to the ground beside a river. The knight said, “You two will build a palace here. Remember, each palace can be no longer or wider than one kilometer. Even those enormous demon races and sky beasts need to shrink to fit the designated space. There are no exceptions.”

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor nodded. They didn’t see any palace that was over one square kilometer.

“Also! You can leave some authenticating objects in the palace to make sure you can God Country Teleport yourselves here,” the knight said. “You’ll visit the island very often unless you die. If you have soul servants, don’t bring them out. They will be destroyed by the lake. Keep them in the palace, as it’s your place. Don’t ever bring them out. Of course, botanic or metal life forms are the exceptions.”

“We get it.” Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor followed the instructions carefully.

“Come with me,” the knight said and continued briefing them, as he was the guide.

After a short while, they arrived at the tallest mountain where sat a towering palace that was a thousand square kilometers.

“The owner of this island, unlike you heirs, is not restricted.” The knight pointed at the towering palace and said, “That’s the palace of the owner. Let’s go.”

They walked up the mountain.

“Look up,” the knight said, pointing at the sky.

They both followed the knight.

“What is it?”

Luo Feng saw something inconceivably spectacular. He could see a crack inside the lake, inside which a magnificent and extensive palace was located. There were eight sub-palaces surrounding the glowing main palace.

“That is the core of the school,” the knight said admiringly. “That’s the largest palace, which is the ancestral god palace, where the ancestral gods live. Although there are three ancestral gods, only one of them is sitting here. The eight palaces around it are the beast god palace, where the beast gods reside. And there are around a dozen palaces around each beast god palace, which are the guarding beast god palaces.”

“Outside the beast god palaces,” continued the knight, “are the locations of 72 lands, only 63 of which are in our view, of course. And the 72 generals are living there. Each of the general’s land is as large as Bauhinia Island. There are 3,000 stars on the margin, and those are 3,000 starry worlds, on which live the prophets. All these constitute the core of the ancestral god school.” The knight sighed. “Other than these center places, there are lots of islands on the five-color aurora lake, and there are many sub-members of the school living there.”

“Sub-members?” Both Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor looked at him in shock.

“Yes. They’re candidates of the prophets and deified generals, and powerful heirs of the beast god.” The knight couldn’t help laughing. “Humans, do you really think there’s free food available in the universe? Remember, it’s a fair universe, and our school is not a charity. We paid a huge price for the inheritance crystals of prophets and the land of inheritance of the generals and the beast gods. You’ll certainly have to pay for it.”

“However…” continued the knight. “The school won’t care much about the weak. That’s why those who receive the inheritance of prophets and deified generals won’t be required to work for the school unless they receive a complete inheritance. However, once one obtains the complete inheritance, like that of deified generals, the entire land of inheritance will crumble.”

Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat. He recalled that he had been told something similar in the demon-note general’s land of inheritance— that if anyone received a complete inheritance, the entire land would disintegrate.

“All the candidates of prophets and deified generals have received the complete inheritances,” said the knight. “As for those following the path of beast gods, the most powerful ones have reached an extremely supreme level and are close to the complete inheritances. Note this: The school needs to pay a higher price for beast god inheritance, and those who are on the way to triumph will also need to sacrifice more. These are the sub-members.”


Chapter 946: Three Paths

“Then what about the guarding beast god palaces?” Luo Feng couldn’t help asking.

“Guarding beast gods are the ones who gain the complete beast god inheritance and have become masters of the universe,” the knight explained. “They didn’t become actually beast gods either because there were no vacancies, or they themselves didn’t want to inherit the positions in the first place. After all, your power can be significantly improved after inheriting the position, but that’s the end of it.”

“Masters of the universe are the greatest and mightiest beings in the universe, no matter where they are,” the knight continued. “The ancestral god school will respect their will and make them ‘guarding beast gods’ even if they don’t want to inherit the positions.”

Both Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor nodded. There was no such thing as a free meal, and everything came at a price. The ancestral god school wouldn’t give resources away without being paid back. For those who had enough potential, the school didn’t care for returns, whereas for those who could gain a complete inheritance, the school would demand something back.

“Rest assured.” The knight smiled. “The ancestral god school is arguably the freest power in the universe, and it has no intention of fighting for other territories. The dangers in the secret region are enough to intimidate other powers. Even if you become the sub-members of the school, you won’t feel restricted.” The knight shook his head. “Of course, it all means nothing if you can’t even become a sub-member in the first place, which is difficult to begin with. No matter which path you’re following—prophet inheritance, general inheritance or beast god inheritance—they’re all highly demanding!”

Luo Feng listened carefully and nodded. None of the hundreds of thousands of creatures in the land of demon-note deified general inheritance managed to get the complete inheritance. However, the land accepted 32 creatures for every 10,081 eras, and the creatures there only tried for 50 million eras, which was a blink of an eye compared to the history of the universe.

“The owner of Bauhinia Island is a guarding beast god.” The knight looked at the towering palace.

“Guarding beast god?” Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor followed him.

There were quite a few sculptures on that palace. Some were like lizards, some were like roaring apes, and some were like birds. Although there were tens of thousands of sculptures, they could all be classified into eight categories. Luo Feng understood them to be the images of the beast gods.

In front of the palace of the island’s owner was an enormous square, which was a section of a mountain. There were three flowing springs on the spectacular square, with their water coming seemingly from out of nowhere. However, the ground on the square was not wet at all.

The knight, Luo Feng, and True Yan Emperor walked to the springs and looked at the door of the palace.

“Get inside,” the knight said. “My job is done here. I hope you can live longer on the island instead of falling, as you won’t be able to come back with another token. I bet few races will give you a token twice.”

“Thank you, knight.” Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor appreciated the knight’s instruction.

The knight smiled and flew into the auroras like a beam of light.

“Let’s go, student.” True Yan Emperor smiled.

“Sure.”

Inside sat a human wearing a simple black cape. He had long blue hair and blue engravings. A dimming force was emanating from him, reserved yet terrifying. Luo Feng felt he must be at least a universe knight.

“A human?” Luo Feng was startled. “Is he the guarding beast god?”

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor exchanged a glance. The guarding beast god was a human?

The man stood up, looked at them, and smiled. “I didn’t expect to see humans here. How wonderful. You guys can stop guessing, I’m only a servant of the island owner instead of a guarding beast god. My job is to guard the palace and message the island owner.”

“A servant?” Both Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor missed a heartbeat. A soul slave of a universe knight level? And he was a human?

Of course, thought Luo Feng. If I can enslave the barbarian races, then the barbarian races can enslave humans, too. Besides, guarding beast gods are masters of the universe. It’s not surprising for them to have a universe-knight level slave.

Luo Feng could only console himself in this manner.

True Yan Emperor looked at the black-caped man and said, “We’re the new heirs and are here to greet the guarding beast god.”

The man smiled. “You just wait here. I’ve already passed the message to the guarding beast god, but he’s currently busy. Please be patient.”

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor gave each other a look.

Let’s just wait.

They could only wait for the guarding beast god.

After half a day of waiting, both Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor were tired out. Luo Feng asked, “When will the guarding beast god arrive?”

“Be patient,” the man said with another smile. “The issues the guarding beast god is dealing with are much more important, and you guys are not in a rush. According to the rules of the ancestral god school, it will take the ancestral god ten years to show up. If the guarding beast gods know they can’t make it in ten years, other guarding beast gods will take over.”

“Ten years?”

“It ranges from an instant to ten years,” said the sitting man. “The unluckiest guests I received in the past waited for three days shy of ten years. So, please sit down and be patient. Just wait!”

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor sat down without knowing when they could meet the island owner.

After twelve days.

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor sat on the courtyard of the palace with their eyes closed. Suddenly, they felt an almighty force surrounding the palace. They both opened their eyes instantly.

“It’s the guarding beast god.”

They both stood up, and the knight was already inside the main hall.

They heard a high voice from the hall say, “Come in.”

They both went in, and Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor saw a figure on the throne. It was a special life form in dragon-shape. It possessed wings and strange armor on its body and looked down upon them. There were tongues of flames on the armor, which made Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor feel like they were being engulfed in fire and the special creature was the controller of space. The dragon could kill them with a snap of its fingers.

Guarding beast god, Luo Feng thought to himself. It should be following the path of fire, space.

“From now on, you’re the heirs of Bauhinia Island,” the guarding beast god said. “First of all, I’ll grant you access to the world of glory.”

Two mini-quantum computers appeared after it finished talking, and they flew to Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor.

“This is the receiver of the virtual world,” said the guarding beast god. “The world of glory is the virtual universe of the ancestral god school, and it’s akin to humans’ virtual universe. Although it’s much smaller, they have similar functions. You’ll know when you land on it.”

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor took the receivers.

“I’ll also grant you the access to the land of inheritance, the land of treasures, and the land of the secret region,” the guarding beast god said. “Did you see the three water curtains outside?”

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor nodded. Water curtains? Weren’t those springs?

“That’s the portal,” the guarding beast god continued. “It’s impossible for you to get in without my permission. The one on the left is the portal to the land of inheritance, the one in the middle is to the land of treasures, and the one on the right is to the land of the secret region. Three water curtains are portals to three different places. The land of inheritance is where you accept the beast god inheritance, and you’ll be tested how much you understand the laws.

“In the land of treasures are buried all the valuables left by the beast gods, guarding beast gods, and the powerful ones following the path of beast gods. There are a plethora of valuables there, and the seniors placed lots of barriers, restrictions, and requirements. Only if you satisfy the requirements of the seniors can you take treasures there. Not long ago, one of your humans gained a treasure.

“As for the land of the secret region, you can go there for adventures. The secret region of the ancestral god school is the most mysterious secret region in the universe, where reside the most special creatures and the most mystical riches. There are natural and crafted treasures alike. However, it’s also the most menacing secret region, and the closer you get to the land of treasures, the more dangers there will be. Even universe knights can be killed, and even masters of the universe can be trapped. Prepare to die if you decide to adventure there.”

“The land of inheritance, the land of treasures, and the land of the secret region, together with the world of glory, are the four places you need to be familiar with. Go build a palace first, and then go to the land of inheritance.” The guarding beast god looked down on them. “Go.”

“Yes, island owner,” they said.

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor saluted it before exiting.


Chapter 947: Inheritance

There were hundreds of millions of heirs on the Bauhinia Island. Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor went to the location the knight had given them and started to build a palace.

“Concentrate!” Luo Feng said.

He used force of world in his internal world to build a mansion. It was an enormous courtyard that resembled the Jiang Nan garden of ancient China. There were paths made of cobblestones, and all sorts of flowers were planted on the side.

At the corner of the courtyards sat a pool of water. The water was the essence of a Jiang Nan Garden. There was a stone bridge above the water, and pavilions were placed around it. Besides, there were lots of individual bedrooms and living rooms, and in front of some of the rooms were pools where rock gardens could be seen.

Although the entire garden was only one square kilometer, it was constructed in a mesmerizing way, which was exactly how Luo Feng remembered his hometown. Lots of the gardens had been destroyed during the grand nirvana, but some of the rich built the gardens during the base city era. Luo Feng had learned about it before, when he was a student, and he had an extraordinary memory. All he did was memorize the pictures on the history textbooks. Luo Feng used lots of force of world techniques to solidify the garden.

Luo Feng pointed to the mountain afar.

“Get out!”

Hong!

Another private garden appeared. Afar were the undulating hills which merged as one with the rivers, gardens around them.

“Student, you’re…” True Yan Emperor was still building a huge palace while glimpsing at the residence Luo Feng built. “Extraordinary.”

“Teacher, you can’t actually feel the secret of my hometown by using your godly power. Come inside.” Luo Feng smiled and led True Yan Emperor inside.

True Yan Emperor had adventured the universe long enough to see quite a lot. There were countless other forms of designs of architecture on the Bauhinia Island, and they were just as delicate as the one Luo Feng built. However, True Yan Emperor had never seen something like this.

True Yan Emperor said with surprise, as walking on the stone bridge, “It’s incredible. I feel like it’s dozens of times larger than it actually is. There are different scenes of the same pool at different angles.”

Luo Feng smiled. “A single step can shift the scene, and this is the mystery of it. And all the scenes are breathtaking in a unique way based on the visual guide.”

“Can you make me one?” True Yan Emperor asked him.

“How can I not? You’ve already asked me.” Luo Feng made another garden of a slightly different type. The garden he had made for himself was more akin to those during the Ming and Qing dynasties, while the one for his teacher was of the Tang dynasty, which was more majestic.

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor went back to the square in front of the palace of the Bauhinia Island owner.

“Let’s go.”

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor entered the spring on the left.

The moment they touched the spring, they disappeared. The scene changed completely, and before Luo Feng could get a clear sight of his surroundings, he felt a terrifying force.

Hong!

The force was stronger than anything in Ice Hell, and he felt like dozens of neutron stars on his body, together with lots of other souls.

“What is this?” Luo Feng asked.

He could finally see everything clearly, and it was hollow surrounded by black mist around him. There was a huge aerolite floating in the hollow, and a purple-armored powerful one with a wolf head was sitting on it. It belonged to one of the most populous branches of the human race—Werewolf.

The werewolf was surprised to see Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor. He laughed and said, “You must be Blade River Emperor and True Yan Emperor. I knew you two are coming.”

“Greetings, Jiu Feng Knight,” True Yan Emperor saluted him.

“Greetings, Jiu Feng Knight.” Luo Feng bowed to him as well, but he was baffled.

Just then, True Yan Emperor started to talk to him in his mind. Student, Jiu Feng Knight is one of the seven-star overlords of the human race, and he’s an equal of the master of the heaven erosion palace. Rumor has it that he received the complete inheritance of deified generals.

Luo Feng was startled. Complete inheritance? An equal of the master of the heaven erosion palace?

“This is the land of inheritance of the ancestral god school,” said Jiu Feng Knight looked at the two of them with a smile. “Naturally, there’s a powerful force, which is to suppress the soul seals in the godly bodies. Creatures less powerful than emperor-level undying will die under the force, which is why only the undying can be granted the tokens. After all, talents who can get the tokens are all at least as powerful as the emperors. Can you see the black mist surrounding us?” Jiu Feng Knight pointed around.

Both Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor nodded. It was such a strange district. Neither godly power nor world power could detect anything, and it was surrounded by black mist.

“Get into the black mist and accept the inheritance,” the knight said. “You two, separate.”

“Yes,” Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor answered respectfully.

They flew away in different directions.

The second Luo Feng flew into the black mist, he felt a force pressing his body, and even though Luo Feng had a stronger will than most of the universe knights, he couldn’t resist it. He stood in the hollow a long time and reached out with the fingers of his right hand.

Chi!

World power burst out and turned into a law engraving. The engravings kept bursting out, starting from space and gold.

Luo Feng started to perform without control over his own body. Starting from the basis, he manifested all his understanding of the laws. More and more engravings came out as time passed by, and the threads were all twining around each other, painting a beautiful world of the law.

Luo Feng only stopped much later. The mystical force left Luo Feng.

“Huh?” Luo Feng finally had his mind back. “What?”

Luo Feng was so terrified that his entire body was sweating. He remembered distinctly how he was manipulated by the force to manifest the laws of merging.

“It’s—it’s incredible,” he stammered. “My will is so strong, and there is a tower pearl in my soul to protect it. Even masters of the universe would find it hard to control my mind. However, that mysterious force, it…”

Luo Feng finally realized how mighty the ancestral god school was.

“That’s right. It’s the land of inheritance. Even those universe knights who are as powerful as the master of the heaven erosion palace or Xi Luo Feng will come here if they don’t acquire the complete inheritance. That force will just manipulate everyone else, like what it just did to me. The mysterious force is nonaggressive, but it didn’t even give me a chance to resist. What did that come from?”

As Luo Feng was still pondering its whereabouts, the force arrived again.

“The third level,” Luo Feng heard a pressing voice say.

It did not say anything else, but it made Luo Feng realize what “the third level” meant. The voice was echoing inside Luo Feng’s mind, and Luo Feng fell into a hallucination He was trapped in a bizarre dreamland.

Inside the dreamland, Luo Feng was shown the most mystical and intricate secrets of the path of beast gods, and all the merging space laws and gold were instructed in the most detailed way possible. It was like someone pouring all the knowledge inside Luo Feng’s brain. It was far more effective than reading 52 chaos tablets or looking at the sculpture of beast gods.

After a long time, the force wore off. The black mist kicked Luo Feng out of the dreamland.

“It’s beyond my wildest imaginations.” Luo Feng blinked and was inspired. “I wish I can have more of this. I’ve trained myself in Ice Hell for more than 2,000 years, and I could barely comprehend a tiny bit of the third chapter of Nan Shen Seven Forms. However, I can now comprehend a lot more after spending only a short time there. I feel like I can actually complete the third chapter if I can be indoctrinated one more time. I must have been taught the whole third chapter, but I can only understand half of it.”

Luo Feng was anxious. He hadn’t felt this way for a long time. It was like dreaming, but he could only remember a small portion of it. After becoming a powerful one, he had never experienced blurry memories. But now, he felt the same way, and all he could remember were fractions of secrets of the third chapter.

“Don’t just stand there,” the knight on the aerolite said.

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor both looked happily surprised.

“The land of inheritance was born with the universe, and it was fraught with wonders,” the knight said. “It was the most important place of the ancestral god school. Every time, it will test how much you have understood the laws. There are seven levels of beast god inheritance, and if you’ve completely comprehended the first two levels, you’ll be bequeathed the third-level inheritance, so on and so forth.” Jiu Feng Knight looked to Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor. “How about you two? Which level have you reached?”

“The third level,” Luo Feng said. “I’ve learned a lot.”

“The fourth level,” True Yan Emperor said with thrill. “I feel… I feel that I’m having my breakthrough.”


Chapter 948: Extrapolation

“Breakthrough?” Jiu Feng Knight looked at True Yan Emperor in surprise.

“Teacher? You’re—you’re!”

Luo Feng was exhilarated. His teacher had been stuck at the last step for eras, and although beast god inheritance was a huge opportunity for him, he wasn’t guaranteed to succeed. However, he was going to have his breakthrough right after inheritance.

True Yan Emperor was thrilled. He had been waiting for too long. He was still accompanied by his families when he first became a powerful one, but with time going by, his families all became old, and his hometown also prospered because of him. After eras, he didn’t need to worry about his hometown anymore. The only thing he was pursuing was the path of power. Nevertheless, he couldn’t move forward while some of the other talents of the barbarian race had become universe knights. He could only stay in Chaos City and find a sense of accomplishment by teaching the juniors.

Beast god inheritance was his biggest opportunity. However, success wasn’t guaranteed.

“Haha! I just feel this way as I have lots of inspirations,” True Yan Emperor laughed. “I’m not sure when I can actually step forward.”

“Even feeling it is good enough,” said Jiu Feng knight with a smile. “What will really worry me is that you don’t feel anything. Now that you’ve got inspirations, go back and contemplate them. Study the path of beast god and you’ll recall the instructions you had during the inheritance.”

“Ah!” Luo Feng was startled.

Could he actually remember them?

“This is a small trick,” Jiu Feng knight said. “During the inheritance, you, Blade River Emperor, received the third level of it by watching every secret behind that. However, the amount you can remember depends on your original progress, and that’s why you can’t remember everything. If you go back and ruminate on it, you can remember more. The key is to seize the moment and study the path of beast god!”

“Thank you, Jiu Feng knight,” Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor said with gratitude.

“Also, is the inheritance great?” Jiu Feng Knight looked at Luo Feng. “I can tell by your facial expressions. Don’t be smug. You might think this one-time inheritance is far more effective than the training you’ve done before, but it’s only an illusion.”

“An illusion?” Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor were dazed.

“Maybe you found it difficult to understand during your previous training,” said Jiu Feng knight. “However, you only ran into those problems because you actually put effort into it, and that’s why you were suddenly enlightened during the inheritance. If you think inheritance itself is enough for you, you’re way off. Without the reflection of the failures you had before, you wouldn’t gain anything even if you received the inheritance.”

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor suddenly understood. It was just like the chaos tablet, which would only be helpful after they practiced long enough. As for beast god inheritance, it was tens of millions of times more helpful.

“When can we come here for inheritance again?” Luo Feng asked.

“There are seven levels of beast god inheritance, and you can have a free instruction for each level,” Jiu Feng Knight said. “When you complete the second level, you can take the inheritance for the third level. When you’re done with the third level, you can come here for the fourth level, and so on and so forth. You can get only one for each level. That means you can’t get a free third-level inheritance.”

“Free? Does that mean I need to pay a price?” Luo Feng asked. It was totally worth it to trade a treasure for one inheritance.

“What’s the price? A treasure?” True Yan Emperor followed up.

“Do you really think the ancestral god school would care about your treasures?” Jiu Feng Knight shook his head. “The only way is to go to the world of glory.”

“World of glory?” Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor remembered it.

“You’ll know one when you enter it,” Jiu Feng knight said. “But you need to be extra careful.”

Jiu Feng knight looked at Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor and said, “I’ll tell you two rules. One: There shall be no killings in the five-color aurora lake, or you’ll be attacked. Two: Each heir has a palace on the Bauhinia Island, and the palace belongs to you and you only. Nobody can trespass in it, and you can’t trespass in others’ palaces. Remember the two rules. Now go. The portal is right behind you.”

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor took a bow, turned around, and saw a transparent wave. They flew inside.

Shua!

They were teleported.

Jiu Feng knight sat on the aerolite and said, “Blade River Emperor? Is he the sector-lord Blade River Emperor? Incredible for him to reach the third level as only a sector lord.”

On Bauhinia Island.

Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor walked out of the water curtains and flew back to their palaces.

“Student, I have so many inspirations now that I think I can actually have my breakthrough—if I can actually accomplish it.” True Yan Emperor looked at Luo Feng. “You deserve the credit for that.”

“The token means nothing without your hundreds of millions of years of training,” Luo Feng answered.

“That sounds about right,” True Yan Emperor said. “I gained a lot by taking you on as my student. I still need to contemplate and try to leap forward. I guess I can either spend a year or 10,000 years before I become a universe knight. But if I can’t even make it after 10,000 years, I might lose my chance.”

“You can succeed, teacher,” Luo Feng encouraged him.

“I hope everything you say will become true,” True Yan Emperor said. “I might not show up for a long time. And don’t come to me unless there’s something urgent.”

“I understand,” Luo Feng said, nodding. He wouldn’t interrupt his teacher at such a crucial time.

“I hope I am a universe knight next time I see you,” True Yan Emperor said.

“I hope so, too.” There was a trace of light in Luo Feng’s eyes.

True Yan Emperor flew to the garden afar and closed the door.

Luo Feng sat beside the river and couldn’t help smiling. “Finally, my teacher can have his moment. I’ll need to work hard, also. The training I have in normal times is the root.”

Luo Feng went back to his palace, sat on the path beside the pool with his legs crossed, and started to practice.

Half a year passed, and Luo Feng finally opened his eyes.

“Jiu Feng knight was right,” he said. “I did advance a lot in the past half a year. Although it wasn’t as effective as I was during the inheritance, it’s much better than in Ice Hell. I can now understand that in a normal speed. I don’t need to rush.”

Luo Feng stood up and walked outside. He walked to the side of the river and looked around. The door of his teacher’s palace was still closed, and he could see other figures afar.

“Where can I go? The world of glory, the land of inheritance, the land of treasures, and the land of the secret region,” Luo Feng murmured. “I can’t go to the land of the secret region now or I’ll die. And there’s no point going to the land of inheritance. I’ll go to the land of treasures.”

Luo Feng was expecting something great. The land of treasures, according to the guarding beast god, was filled with treasures left by a plethora of beast gods, guarding beast gods, and their equals.

“The guarding beast god said there was a human obtaining a treasure,” said Luo Feng, recalling how Seven Blade Emperor used the golden pool. “Could that be him? Whatever, I’ll go take a look first.”

Luo Feng flew to the square in front of the palace of the island owner. As he landed, he saw a figure there. The figure was ten feet tall and wore armor resembling green bark. He had silver skin, a bald head, and diamond eyes.

“Automaton race,” Luo Feng said as he landed.

“Human,” the powerful one of the automaton race said. It stared at and inspected Luo Feng. Then it smiled and said, “I have the information of 91,293 human emperors, and that of all the famous undying of humans is here. Normally, only the well-known emperors can get tokens and get in. But strangely, I can’t find your information. Based on the fight between Blade River Emperor and Hei Ti Emperor, a phantom of beast god will appear if the Blade River Emperor makes his move. Apparently, Blade River Emperor is following the path of beast gods. And in the past 10,000 eras, there were few humans following the path of beast gods. The Blade River Emperor is extraordinarily talented, and the human race would definitely give him the token. Correct me if I’m wrong. You’re Blade River Emperor!”

The powerful one of automaton race looked at Luo Feng and added, “How incredible true treasures treasures are, that I can’t even tell you’re a sector lord.”


Chapter 949: Land of Treasures

Luo Feng looked at the powerful individual of the automaton race in front of him, frowning. He didn’t expect the barbarian race to be so accurate. But, on second thought, he wasn’t that surprised. The bug race, the demon race, and the automaton race were often in contact with humans, and they had detailed information on humans. Besides, only the most talented ones could get the tokens and come to the land of inheritance.

“I know you’re Blade River Emperor, even if you’re not talking,” the powerful one of the automaton race said as he stared at Luo Feng. He wanted to kill the human in front of him to get the tempting reward.

“All you can do is to guess my identity.” Luo Feng grinned.” I, however, have already figured out that you’re Ju Jue Emperor. As for my identity, you can keep guessing.”

Luo Feng took a step into the spring and vanished.

Ju Jue Emperor was a bit dazed. He looked at the empty square and whispered, “Interesting that he didn’t admit it. It seems this overly talented Blade River Emperor doesn’t have a good temper. After all, he’s so gifted.”

Everyone who was qualified to enter the land of inheritance was gifted.

Fame was what made Blade River Emperor special. Everyone in the universe knew that there was a Blade River Emperor in the human race who was able to defeat peak emperors as only a sector lord. That eclipsed lots of other talents in the universe—even those invincible emperors. It wasn’t surprising that they were jealous.

“Land of treasures?” said Ju Jue Emperor. “That place is always filled with heirs, and they won’t stay there for long. There’s going to be someone who can figure out his true identity.” Ju Jue Emperor smiled and stepped into the water curtain.

Although Luo Feng didn’t admit to his true identity, Ju Jue Emperor had evolved from intelligent life forms, which granted him extraordinary speculating capabilities that were a source of pride for him.

The teleportation was finished. Luo Feng appeared on the peak of a mountain, and he could see tens of thousands of hills of all sorts. He couldn’t even see the end of them. There were lakes of different sizes among the mountains, the largest ones being over a million square kilometers. The lakes were like emerald jades; some were light while others were dark.

Luo Feng looked up. There were moving auroras up on the sky. Apparently, the land of treasures was within the five-color aurora lake.

That’s right, Luo Feng thought. The land of treasures was flooded with valuables. The Ancestral God School needs to place it in a secure place, or it will be robbed by some supreme beings outside.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew up and traveled across the mountains through the air. He could see creatures of all races, including many special creatures. Some of the gigantic creatures of the demon race and plant race shrunk their bodies.

Interesting, Luo Feng thought. It’s like an exhibition of all the creatures. Although I saw lots of races in the outer-domain battlefield, it was nothing compared to this one.

This was the first time Luo Feng had seen so many races and clans he had never encountered before, which made him excited. After a while, he got used to it.

Luo Feng dove and landed on a mountain. He found a rock, sat on it, and wondered, “Where are the treasures?”

“Brother Human!” he heard a voice call out.

Luo Feng turned around and saw someone flying toward him. He was transparent with a handsome face and covered in green armor.

Luo Feng smiled and said, “Brother Dark Mist clan.” The Dark Mist clan belonged to Hong Alliance.

“I’m Thousand Rain,” the handsome one from the Dark Mist clan said with a smile.

“I’m Hua,” Luo Feng said.

“I’ve never seen you before. Did you just arrive?” Thousand Rain asked.

“Indeed. This is my first time in the land of treasures.” Luo Feng looked around and sighed. “I heard there are quite a few treasures left by the seniors of Ancestral God School. But all I can see is the beautiful view instead of the treasures.”

“You didn’t find any treasures?” Thousand Rain burst into laughter.

“What’s the deal?” Luo Feng looked at him. “Why is that funny?”

“There are treasures everywhere.” Thousand Rain pointed around. “Treasures are hidden in every mountain and every lake.”

“Everywhere?” Luo Feng was dazed.

There were tens of thousands of mountains and lakes. How many treasures were there?

“There are a plethora of treasures. See? Those are the tallest 108 mountains.” Thousand Rain pointed to the towering mountains afar, which were significantly taller than others. “Every heir knows that the most precious 108 valuables of the Ancestral God School are hidden there, and 42 of them have been taken away by some of the luckiest guys in the universe, the latest being 1.2 million eras ago. The universe knight of the demon race who got lucky obtained an invaluable treasure.”

“An invaluable treasure?” Luo Feng was thrilled.

“Of course,” Thousand Rain continued. “This is the land of treasures of the Ancestral God School. Each of the top 108 valuables is at least an invaluable treasure. There are many other rare valuables, too, some of them being really helpful for those following the path of beast gods. They’re just almost impossible to get.”

Luo Feng looked to the mountains.

“Nobody tried to cut into the mountains?” Luo Feng said jokingly.

“Who has the guts to do that?” Thousand River said. “For one thing, all the mountains are protected by the force of the five-color aurora lake, and emperors like us can’t damage them at all. Also, for universe knights who are able to do that, they dare not. Vandalizing the land of treasures is a blasphemy to all the seniors of the Ancestral God School, for which anyone would be killed instantly by the five-color aurora lake.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Don’t even think about the valuables there,” Thousand Rain smiled and said. “The more precious the valuables are, the more difficult it is to get them. If we know the requirements, we might be able to strive for it. However, we don’t even know what conditions those supreme ones have for opening the treasures. That’s why only luck can help. If you can find one that suits you, the weakest one here is more precious than an ordinary treasure.”

Luo Feng nodded, thinking about the creatures who had placed the valuables.

There were a great many emperors in the land of treasures, but there were also lots of universe knights. After all, many heirs were universe knights, and many of the sub-members of the Ancestral God School were universe knights. The ratio between emperors and universe knights was 1000 to one, and the emperors avoided the knights.

Hong!

A towering figure dove into a mountain.

“Humans?” the creatures said as it glimpsed Luo Feng and Thousand Rain. “Humans are the most annoying.”

The figure detested them. He dove toward Luo Feng and Thousand Rain, who attempted to dodge him. However, the figure sped up and hit Luo Feng directly.

Hong!

A terrific, godly power assaulted Luo Feng and Thousand Rain, and they bounced away.

Pu!

Blood trailed from their mouths.

“Bastard!” Thousand Rain gnashed the teeth in anger.

Luo Feng’s face darkened. Thousand Rain grabbed him and spoke to him mentally, saying, Don’t go. He is a universe knight.

Luo Feng was furious. He had never come across anyone so aggressive and reckless. We’re inside the five-color aurora lake. What can he do? Kill us?

He didn’t kill us, Thousand Rain replied. These universe knights have lived here for eras, and they know the rules. See? The mountain remains intact, and our bodies are not broken. He was just trying to humiliate you. What can you do about it?

But Luo Feng was charging the knight before Thousand Rain could finish.

On top of the mountain, the creature glanced at the two of them and sneered. However, he was surprised to see the human coming toward him.

“What is he doing? He’s only an emperor.” The creature was irritated and planned to swat Luo Feng away.

Suddenly, he noticed something that dazed him. Luo Feng was holding a flame god crystal. The crystal posed him no threat, but the explosion from it could kill the human. If the human died, he would die along with him.

“Knight.” Luo Feng landed on the mountain holding the flame god crystal and looked at the universe knight of the barbarian race. “Can bullying emperors really give you a sense of accomplishment?”


Chapter 950: The Knight and the Emperor

Bei Shan Knight had been living on Bauhinia Island for a long time, and he went to the land of treasures often. And the weak emperors were already accustomed to him being dominant! This was a usual situation for the island, as the knights and emperors were in no way equals.

Knights with good tempers would fly to a place slowly, and the emperors there would go away. However, if they ran into aggressive ones like this Bei Shan Knight, they could only put up with them. It was quite common already.

Bei Shan Knight looked at the human in front of him and sneered, “Bullying you? I innately dislike humans, and that’s why I bully you. What can you do about it? You dare disrespect me as a mere emperor?”

“Yes, I just did it, and I’ll continue to do so. What do you want to do about it?” Luo Feng looked up at the barbarian knight, holding the flame god crystal.

It was silent all around.

Thousand Rain with blood on his lips, as well as other powerful ones of the barbarian races, all turned to watch.

“I haven’t seen this one,” said one of them.

“He’s new.”

“Look, another stupid one.”

“Not surprising at all. They think they’re under the protection of the law of the Ancestral God School and that the knights can’t hurt them. Besides, lots of the newcomers are the special ones of different races, and they can’t put up with it. The Bei Shan Knight is hostile against humans and is reckless. It’s normal that the newcomers defy him. But he’ll know how to behave himself after this.”

“Let’s see what sort of fight the new one will put up.”

“The human’s smart to hold the flame god crystal in his hands. That way, he can intimidate Bei Shan. If the crystal kills the human, Bei Shan will die along with him.”

The powerful ones around them were all watching from afar. Most of them were emperors, and a few of them were universe knights.

At the peak of the mountain, Luo Feng wiped his lips and looked at the universe knight of the barbarian race.

“Impressive,” Bei Shan Knight said and looked at Luo Feng from the top. He was irritated but, at the same time, interested. He hadn’t come across a human emperor who dared to confront him directly in a long time. “Human, do you know that I’m a universe knight?”

“I do,” Luo Feng said, staring at him. “But so what?”

“Don’t you think you should revere me?” Bei Shan Knight said.

“Why should the weak respect the strong?” Luo Feng answered. “Because the weak are afraid that the strong will kill them, and they admire the power of the strong. Apparently, I don’t admire you whatsoever. I don’t need to be afraid of you within the five-color aurora lake. So, you tell me, why should I venerate you?”

Bei Shan Knight burst into laughter, which echoed among the mountains. More powerful ones turned to watch.

“Indeed, you don’t need to be afraid of me here.” Bei Shan Knight curled his lips and added, “But, human, you should also know that you’re not going to stay here forever. I have seen you, and now I know your scent. You know what could happen if I find you outside. Don’t you think what you’re doing is stupid?”

Luo Feng gazed at Bei Shan Knight.

Forget about it, Thousand Rain said, communicating with Luo Feng telepathically. Don’t mess with a universe knight. The universe knights have been used to being revered all the time, and we’re not equal to them. Bei Shan Knight indeed stepped out of line this time, but all we can do is bear with it. It’s not good for us to have feuds with universe knights.

Thank you, Thousand Rain, replied Luo Feng.

Luo Feng wasn’t terrified at all as he looked at Bei Shan Knight. The mighty Master of Sky Wolf had already spread the news of Blade River Emperor, and there were countless creatures in the universe who were trying to assassinate him. The rewards from the peak races were already tempting for a great number of universe knights, possibly some masters of the universe. That was why Luo Feng had chosen to hide here.

“Several top races are trying to kill me,” said Luo Feng. “Why do I need to tolerate you? Besides, you’re only an ordinary knight, and when I become an undying, my golden-horned-beast body is thousands of time stronger than humans, and it can wear force armor.”

Luo Feng didn’t want to suffer from this. Since the news of Blade River Emperor was known to the entire universe, and since Ju Jue Emperor had already recognized him, his identity wouldn’t be a secret in the land of inheritance for long. So, why should he put up with this? Compared to the glaring from the peak races, this Bei Shan Knight was nothing.

Luo Feng nodded. “You’re right, I’ll make an enemy of a universe knight if I wrong you, and it might be stupid. However, I’ve already wronged you. Tell me what I should do?”

Bei Shan Knight was dazed, as he’d never come across anyone like this before. “Interesting.”

“Bei Shan, you’ve finally encountered a handful!” came a rumbling voice from a knight of a barbarian race from a mountain afar.

“The human newcomer doesn’t even give a damn about you!” said another.

A third voice added, “Kill him and build your reputation!”

Three universe knights were laughing, and their voices were echoing in the sky. As for the emperors watching, they whispered to each other.

Thousand Rain was holding his head, hiding far away. “Oh my god, the human’s gone mad.”

Occasionally, there would be some stubborn newcomers. However, they would usually admit defeat right away. This time, on the contrary, the newcomer was overly reckless. None of the emperors were able to identify Luo Feng, but they all thought the human was foolhardy.

Bei Shan Knight heard the laughter from the other knights, and his face darkened. They, as universe knights, would care more about how they looked. There were many universe knights within the Ancestral God Schools, and they were divided up according to different alliances. For example, the human universe knights were one group, and the universe knights of the Nine-City Alliance would form another group. Presently, the universe knights from another group were laughing at him.

Heng!

Bei Shan Knight gave Luo Feng a cold look and surrounded Luo Feng with an aggressive force. Luo Feng treated the force like a breeze.

“Brave enough,” Bei Shan Knight said. “I’ve always hated humans, and I hate you even more after what has happened here. Now, you’ll kneel down and destroy half of your godly body, and I’ll pretend none of this ever happened.”

Luo Feng glanced at Bei Shan Knight. “You want me to destroy half of my godly body and kneel down to apologize? You’re so merciful. What if I disobey you? Will you kill me outside if you have the chance? I’m so afraid.” Luo Feng looked at him wryly. “I’m so afraid! I’ll remember this if I’m afraid, and I’ll have my revenge. You’re of the Fang Chui clan, right?”

Bei Shan Knight became more and more hostile, and Thousand Rain was already scared to half death.

Just apologize, urged Thousand Rain. Just…

Bei Shan Knight said in a low voice, “Human, I admire your bravery. Remember, I’m Bei Shan Knight. Hide in five-color aurora lake as long as you can.”

Heng!

Luo Feng sneered. He had a reason to be so contemptuous. If Bei Shan Knight knew that he was Blade River Emperor, he wouldn’t dare lay a finger of him.

The Fang Chui clan could handle the anger from the human race, who highly valued super-talents. If he did it, the whole clan would suffer because of him, and thus, only the powers that were Hong Alliance’s equal would dare to hurt Luo Feng.

At the peak of the mountain, neither Bei Shan Knight nor Luo Feng lowered their heads. It was impossible for them to do so.

Heng!

Bei Shan Knight hummed and prepared to fly away.

“Bei Shan,” came a voice.

A snow-white figure appeared beside the mountain, and the figure was ten feet tall. His entire body was coagulated like an ice cube, and there were lots of other ice shatters inside. He looked like a human and was wearing ice armor. He seemed to be more forceful than Bei Shan Knight.

“Zhu Chong Emperor!” Bei Shan Knight’s face darkened.

“Bei Shan,” the ice-armored man said with a smirk. “I know that you don’t get along with humans, but he just arrived. Do you really need to be so cruel to him? I’m just here to tell you to go easy on the emperors.”

Luo Feng was blown away. He couldn’t help staring at the ice-armored man. An emperor? The ice-armored man in front of him was an emperor?

Thousand Rain, who is he? Luo Feng asked Thousand Rain.

Thousand Rain wasn’t prepared for Luo Feng’s question. But then he answered, That’s Zhu Chong emperor, one of the three emperors on Bauhinia Island. Rumor has it that he’s a unique creature in the universe, and his original body is more than 40,000 miles tall. His constitution is 5,000 times more powerful than ours as only an emperor and is more powerful than lots of ordinary universe knights. Besides, his techniques are extraordinary. He got two invaluable treasures from the Ancestral God School, who specially trains him. Ordinary universe knights are not his match.

Luo Feng blinked and looked at Zhu Chong Emperor in front of him.

A unique life form? thought Luo Feng. More than 40,000 miles tall? 5,000 times?

Chapter 951

“Unique?” Luo Feng found it hard to believe that a unique life form would just appear in front of him.

He had known only two unique lives before, one of them being the fallen beast god, who was born to be a Universe master. And the other was teacher Mountain Sitting Guest, who was one of the mightiest in the entire universe. Luo Feng perceived a unique life to be incredibly powerful.

“A unique life form at an undying level? One of the top three heirs on the island?” Luo Feng rejoiced in his heart. “That sounds about right, as all the talents of the universe are on Bauhinia Island. My teacher True Yan Emperor can barely get in. Top three? How strong can those be?”

Luo Feng wasn’t arrogant anymore. He wasn’t qualified to be arrogant when compared to the Zhu Chong Emperor.

A unique life form, thought Luo Feng. That’s right. Special life forms. The guarding beast god told me that the secret region of the Ancestral God School has the most special creatures out of the entire universe. Perhaps I can find a chance to confirm my third body, which is crucial to my future. I don’t need to find the strongest one, but I need to find the one that suits me best.

Thousand Rain couldn’t help but praise the emperor while Luo Feng was thinking about his third body. “We’re emperors just like Zhu Chong Emperor, but look at the gap between us and him! Our constitutions are already 5,000 times weaker than his, and that’s a larger gap than between the universe knights and us. Rumor has it that Blade River Emperor can kill an emperor undying as only a sector lord, and this Zhu Chong Emperor can kill an ordinary universe knight as only an emperor. No wonder the Ancestral God School treats him as a special life form.”

“Stay out of this, Zhu Chong Emperor,” Bei Shan Knight said in a low voice.

“Oh?” Zhu Chong Emperor enlarged his body to the size of Bei Shan Knight. He gazed at Bei Shan and said, “First of all, I’m an undying emperor, and this newcomer is a human. You know that humans are my brothers. Tell me why I should stay out of this.” But just when Bei Shan Knight tried to say something, Zhu Chong Emperor continued, “Knights are indeed at a higher status than emperors, and that’s why emperors will avoid the knights if they see the knights from afar. However, you’re so belligerent, Bei Shan. Can you really blame him for fighting back? You’re within five-color aurora lake, and killings are forbidden here. You were trying to force the human to burn his godly body?”

Heng!

Bei Shan Emperor flew away like a beam of light. Zhu Chong Emperor turned back to a ten-foot figure after seeing this.

“Human,” Zhu Chong Emperor said and looked at Luo Feng.

“Thank you, Zhu Chong Emperor,” Luo Feng said and smiled.

“I didn’t help you much,” Zhu Chong Emperor said. “I could’ve stopped it if I found out sooner, but now, Bei Shan Knight might hold a grudge against you. Be careful.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded.

Zhu Chong Emperor was a little surprised. He didn’t care about being hated? He had no idea how many enemies Luo Feng had.

“You can come find me in the world of glory,” Zhu Chong Emperor told Luo Feng, after which he flew away.

Thousand Rain didn’t fly to Luo Feng until Zhu Chong Emperor left. Thousand Rain landed on the mountain and sighed. “Please don’t blame me, as I really don’t want to mess with that universe knight,” he said. “He was way out of line this time. I was going to avoid him when he hit me away. It’s like he’s trying to show off.”

“I’m not blaming you.” Luo Feng smiled.

In the distance, creatures were gossiping The confrontation between Zhu Chong Emperor and Bei Shan Knight attracted tens of thousands of powerful ones, which was remarkable considering the size of the land of treasures.

Luo Feng heard what was being said and smiled. “Nobody thinks much of me,” he said.

“Can you blame them for thinking that you’re foolhardy?” said Thousand Rain. “How many emperors have the guts to confront universe knights? For the ordinary races, even the top ones like space beasts, only have ten times more powerful genes than ordinary ones. And even though we are the peerless talents of our own clans, we are still emperors; we won’t dare to fight with universe knights. Only the most exceptional of the special creatures have the ability and bravery to do that.”

“There are only several emperor-level special creatures among the heirs.”

“We need to be careful,” Thousand Rain said. “We’ll be in trouble if a universe knight holds resentment against us.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng was listening to a discussion afar. “I’ll go check out other places.”

“Haha! I know you can’t stand all the gossiping,” Thousand Rain said. “I’m coming with you.”

Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng and Thousand Rain flew away like two flashes of light.

Tens of thousands of powerful ones were talking about what happened in small groups.

“How mighty Zhu Chong Emperor is! Bei Shan Knight didn’t dare say another word!”

“Bei Shan Knight was only at fourth-level inheritance, and his constitution is nothing compared to that of Zhu Chong Emperor, whose godly body was 5,000 times stronger than ordinary emperors. Besides, Zhu Chong Emperor has two invaluable treasures. What do you think Bei Shan Knight could do about it?”

“He’s wise not to mess with Zhu Chong Emperor, who has killed universe knights and defeated three universe knights before.”

“How incredible.”

“Well, he’s 5,000 times more forceful than ordinary emperors. There’s no comparison.”

“Bei Shan Knight was humiliated this time. How unfortunate for him to run into a stupid newcomer and be suppressed by Zhu Chong Emperor at the same time.”

Some of the universe knights were gloating.

“Unlucky Bei Shan.”

“Although Bei Shan is aggressive, it’s no big deal. Who expects the human to refuse to back down?”

“The human newcomer is a bit stupid. See? He now has made an enemy of a universe knight.”

“You should just back down when you’re weak.”

After Luo Feng and Thousand Rain flew hundreds of thousands of miles, they were stopped by three emperors.

“Um?” Luo Feng looked at the three emperors in front of him.

One that looked like a beetle stared at Luo Feng with its compound eyes. “Human, are you Blade River Emperor?” it said in a hoarse voice.

Luo Feng was dazed.

“Blade River Emperor?” Thousand River said, turning to gape at Luo Feng in surprise.

“Stop covering it up, human,” said the beetle emperor, confident and excited. “Based on my information, there’s not a single emperor of the human race that matches you—except the mysterious Blade River Emperor… Blade River Emperor, I’ve heard a lot about you. How thrilling it is to finally see you. Bei Shan Knight is stupid enough to mess with you. The automaton race and demon race have already released the reward for hunting you down, and there are a plethora of powerful ones trying to kill you. However, they’re all really careful, as they all know the resources the human race have put in place to protect you.”

Luo Feng frowned.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew away, followed by Thousand Rain.

“Blade River Emperor! Blade River Emperor!” the beetle screamed, and its voice spread everywhere.

“Blade River Emperor?” others replied

“What Blade River Emperor?”

“It is, of course, the most unimaginable talent of the human race! Blade River Emperor! Where is he?”

“It’s the human!” said the beetle. “The one who confronted Bei Shan knight on the mountain! I was pondering his identity just now. There’s detailed information of the Nine-Domain Alliance, and the humans who came here with the tokens are the most incredible talents. It should’ve been fairly easy to find his information, but I can’t. Now I understand why. It’s Blade River Emperor. They said Blade River Emperor used the method of beast god to fight Hei Ti emperor. It must be him.”

“The human newcomer is Blade River Emperor?”

The powerful ones who were just randomly gossiping suddenly got serious.

Ju Jue Emperor talked to his friends, who couldn’t help marveling. “He’s Blade River Emperor, unless another super-talent comes out— and it’s almost impossible that there are two super-talents. The probability of him being Blade River Emperor is over 99.1 percent.”

“It actually is the Blade River Emperor. And he came here as only a sector lord.”

“Impressive.”

“He didn’t even bow down in front of a universe knight. How arrogant is that?”

“Do you think it’s possible for such a peerless talent not to be arrogant? He was able to kill an emperor as a sector lord, and he’s only human. We all know humans aren’t special creatures. The supreme beings of the human race must treat him as one of a kind. The demon race, the automaton race, and the worm race all want to kill him. No wonder he didn’t give a damn about Bei Shan Knight. Who is he compared to the demon race, the automaton race, and the worm race?”

“Unbelievable! He’s Blade River Emperor.”

The news that Blade River Emperor had come to the land of treasures and confronted Bei Shan Knight spread like wildfire.

All the powerful ones of the barbarian race knew about Blade River Emperor, and there were even a few of them who didn’t care about the outside but heard the news from their friends. They were all amazed.

“He can kill an emperor as a sector lord? Then can he kill a universe knight when he becomes an emperor? And he’s not a special life form, but rather a human?”

He was no special creature, but he was as powerful as one. This was how Blade River Emperor garnered such fame and why the worm race, the demon race, and the automaton race wanted to kill Luo Feng.


Chapter 952: The Trouble with Fame

Luo Feng and Thousand Rain flew away like two beams of light. The land of treasures was boundless, and lakes could be over a million square miles.

“How long are we going to fly like this?” Thousand Rain said. “Let’s teleport ourselves.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng answered.

His Mo Sha Clan body turned into a metal sheet, and they teleported themselves almost at the same time with Luo Feng following Thousand Rain. Although it was difficult to sense the accurate coordinates during distant teleportation, Luo Feng and Thousand Rain didn’t teleport themselves that far.

They appeared inside a remote mountain. Thousand Rain looked down and pointed at a col between peaks and said, “Let’s go there. I bet there are lots of them trying to find you. We can at least have some quiet time there.”

“Good.” Luo Feng smiled and dove alongside Thousand Rain.

There were streams in that col, and the water was running. Luo Feng and Thousand Rain landed beside the stream.

“Are you really Blade River Emperor, Hua?” Thousand Rain couldn’t help asking.

“Do you really want to do this?” Luo Feng looked at him.

“No, that’s not what I mean,” Thousand Rain explained. “I’m not investigating you. I’m just curious. Blade River Emperor is so famous because he can kill an emperor as a sector lord, which is something that can only be accomplished by unique creatures like Zhu Chong Emperor. I bet there are lots of others who are curious.”

“Then just think of me as Blade River Emperor,” Luo Feng said. He smiled and nodded.

“You’re not him?” Thousand Rain was dazed. “Or perhaps you are? Are you a phony that the human race introduces to mislead those barbarian races who want Blade River Emperor dead? Impressive. Impressive, indeed. That way, they can protect the real Blade River Emperor and render all others’ efforts in vain. Besides, the race will certainly reserve the time and bring you back to life, given your talents.”

This Thousand Rain is really imaginative, Luo Feng thought to himself.

Thousand Rain said, “Rest assured. I won’t tell anyone. You’re not trying to mislead me, right? Maybe you are indeed the real Blade River Emperor.”

“You can think whatever you want,” Luo Feng said, smiling. “You can call me either Hua or Blade River Emperor. I’ll answer to both.”

“You…” Thousand Rain didn’t know how to respond.

“Stop talking about this,” said Luo Feng. “I’m really curious about the treasures here.”

Luo Feng looked at the col. The scene was breathtaking, and the mountains were steep, where grew all kinds of plants. Rocks and streams were everywhere. Luo Feng observed it for a long time. “Where are the treasures hidden?” Luo Feng couldn’t help asking. “I haven’t seen any treasures after arriving here.”

“There are treasures everywhere,” Thousand Rain said jokingly. “Of course, they are invisible to you.”

“What do you mean by that?” Luo Feng kept asking.

“You know nothing, newcomer. Enter the world of glory and chat with our friends in the Hong Alliance more. You’ll know more by doing that. Let me introduce you to some common sense.” Thousand Rain pointed around. “All the supreme beings of the Ancestral God School can leave some treasures here, and they set conditions for those treasures. As long as one is qualified, the treasures will show themselves to that one when it walks close.”

“Show themselves?” Luo Feng was baffled. “Treasures are not alive. How do they know whether we’re qualified or not?”

“You don’t understand.” Thousand Rain pointed to the sky and said, “The Ancestral God School controls the entire five-color aurora lake. They’ll know everything you do or touch within here.”

Luo Feng was suddenly enlightened. That’s right. I can know everything that’s going on in star tower.

Just like the five-color aurora lake.

“The level of beast god inheritance you’ve reached, the strength of your godly power, the amplitude of your soul and godly body—the control system of the world of glory should be connected to that of the entire five-color aurora lake,” Thousand Rain said. “In a word, the control system will collect all your information. And once you’re qualified for a certain treasure, it will open automatically for you. There are two conditions for obtaining a treasure. One, be qualified; two, go to the treasure directly.”

Thousand Rain smiled and added, “If you want treasures, show some extraordinary talents in the world of glory or inside your palace if you don’t want to reveal it to everyone. Although the palace belongs to you, the control system will still know your every move. Remember. Show your power. Otherwise, the control system can’t collect information.”

Luo Feng nodded. It was exactly like him being in star tower, where he could see how the powerful ones in the star tower moved. However, that was the most he could do. He couldn’t examine the souls of the barbarians and inspect the secrets inside their bodies.

“If you are indeed a sector lord, you can reveal your true identity temporarily in your palace,” Thousand Rain said. “There have been fewer than ten sector lords arriving here since the birth of the universe, and every one of them who did was an emperor’s equal. That’s what makes you special. Maybe there are some treasures that are for sector lords only.”

“Ha…” Luo Feng smiled as thoughts flooded in his mind.

I’ll collect some information in the world of glory later, thought Luo Feng. I know so little as a newcomer.

While Luo Feng and Thousand Rain were hiding at the periphery of the land of treasures, the place was filled with hustle and bustle.

The news that Blade River Emperor had appeared in the land of treasures and confronted Bei Shan Knight spread like a virus. Through the virtual world of the world of glory, tens of thousands of heirs knew about it, except some, who turned off notifications.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

One creature after another appeared at the portal. The powerful ones who rushed to the land of treasures all wanted to see the famous Blade River Emperor.

“Where is Blade River Emperor?” they demanded.

“Where is the human, Blade River Emperor?”

“Blade River Emperor flew away with the Thousand Rain Emperor of the Dark Mist clan,” answered those who knew the truth.

“You can confirm that the human is Blade River Emperor, right?”

“We can all confirm it. He is the Blade River Emperor, and there are only so many emperors within the human race. Talented emperors are rare. Do you really there’s another who can rival Blade River Emperor? Coincidentally, Blade River Emperor also follows the path of beast god. Do you really think two peerless geniuses following the same path will hide their identities and rise at the same time? He must be Blade River Emperor.”

“Makes sense. Let’s go. I want to see this Blade River Emperor. I know of the rewards offered by the demon race, the automaton race, and the worm race, and all of them are incredibly generous. Especially the demon race, who offer an invaluable treasure. Although that one can barely reach the threshold of invaluable treasures, universe knights are all crazy for it.”

Although the land of treasures was vast, there were too many powerful ones, and Luo Feng and Thousand Rain were spotted after a short while.

“Look, isn’t that Thousand Rain Emperor?”

“That’s right. See the black-armored human beside him? That must be Blade River Emperor.”

“Blade River Emperor is a sector lord? Why can’t I tell?”

“Blade River Emperor is said to have invaluable treasures, which can cover his scent.”

Three creatures dove towards the col. Luo Feng and Thousand Rain lifted their heads, and those three arrived.

“Busted.” Luo Feng shook his head. He had originally planned to wander within the land of treasures, which seemed impossible now.

“Blade River Emperor.”

“Blade River Emperor.”

All of the three figures were five feet tall with broad waists and muscles so strong it was as if they were carrying shields. They had six arms and six eyes that stared at Luo Feng trying to discern the secrets behind this sector lord who could kill a limit emperor.

“Are you Blade River Emperor?” a green-armored powerful one suddenly asked.

“He must be.”

“He must be,” the other two said.

“Powerful ones from Ta Bei clan, what do you want with Blade River Emperor?”

“Stop denying it,” said a powerful, purple-armored creature from the Ta Bei clan. “It’s impossible that two peerless and hidden talents who both follow the path of beast god could come from human race.”

“Blade River Emperor,” the green-armored one said, gazing at Luo Feng. “I’ve heard of your story, but I don’t buy it! The human race has ordinary genes, and no matter how deeply you understand the laws and how powerful your secret techniques are, you can’t defeat an emperor without an extraordinary constitution and body. Rumor has it that you’re a sector lord. I bet that’s fake!”


Chapter 953: Hong Alliance

“You don’t think Blade River Emperor is a sector lord?” Luo Feng asked. “The demon race, the worm race, and the automaton race seem convinced. Convinced enough to post rewards for killing Blade River Emperor. And the demon race even offered an invaluable treasure.”

“Who knows?” the undying of the Ta Bei clan said, gazing at Luo Feng. “Maybe that’s because you humans are so good at deceiving others. That sounds about right. You humans are one of the peak races, you are talented at just about everything. You don’t need to explain anything. We’ll be convinced if you can give out the scent of a sector lord, after which we’ll apologize to you and show you our admiration.”

They all stared at Luo Feng, waiting for the scent of a sector lord.

“Thousand Rain, I’ll go back first,” Luo Feng turned around and told Thousand Rain beside him.

“Um, I bet other powerful ones will arrive in no time,” Thousand Rain said, nodding.

“Human? Human!” two of the three creatures from the Ta Bei clan screamed.

“You three,” said Luo Feng. He turned to them and sneered. “You’re all stupid. I didn’t deny, nor confirm that I am Blade River Emperor. I don’t care if you believe it or not.”

Sou!

Luo Feng teleported himself and vanished.

“You little—!” But before they could finish cursing at him, Luo Feng was long gone.

“Ha!” Thousand Rain laughed, smirked, and disappeared.

They all gnashed their teeth in anger. “How dare this Thousand Rain Emperor be disrespectful?”

The green-armored one looked at his companions and said, “This Blade River Emperor is indeed careful. He didn’t give away anything or have any intention of revealing his sector-lord scent. It seems that we didn’t succeed in confirming his identity.”

“Let’s go back to report to our seniors.”

The three powerful creatures of the Ta Bei clan flew away.

Luo Feng teleported to the portal of the land of treasure, where some barbarians talking to each other immediately noticed him.

“It’s the human.”

“Look, it’s Blade River Emperor.”

“He’s the Blade River Emperor?”

The barbarians flew to him instantly, one yelling, “Wait! Blade River Emperor!” while another shouted, “Human!”

However, Luo Feng pretended that he didn’t hear anything and stepped into the portal. The barbarians could only sigh and shake their heads.

Luo Feng teleported back to his palace instantly after getting back to Bauhinia Island.

I didn’t expect to rouse suspicions quite so soon, thought Luo Feng as he went to the second floor of a pavilion.

There were futons on the ground with empty space surrounding them. Here, he could see the pools and gardens directly. He sat down with his legs crossed and looked down.

“On second thought, it’s not that startling,” he murmured. “It’s almost impossible for two hidden peerless talents to rise from the same race, not to mention both following the path of beast god. Even I wouldn’t buy it, let alone the barbarians.”

Luo Feng waved his hand, and the mini quantum computer appeared on his hands. It was the receiver to connect to the world of glory.

I’ll enter this world of glory and see how it’s different from the virtual universe of my race, Luo Feng thought.

He sensed the receiver through his mind and connected to the world of glory shortly.

In the world of glory, a figure appeared at the periphery of a square holding a black book.

“Um?” Luo Feng smiled, holding the book. “Interesting. The virtual universe uses virtual assistance to function, while this one uses this book.”

Luo Feng opened the book. There was only one word on the first page, written in the human language: “Name.” The following pages were blank.

“Please enter a username for the world of glory,” Luo Feng heard a voice say when he turned to the first page.

“Name?” Luo Feng considered for a moment, then answered, “Blade River.”

Since many powerful creatures already thought he was the Blade River Emperor, he would give himself this username. He didn’t care much about the authenticity.

Luo Feng turned to the second page. It was the map of the world of glory, and Luo Feng heard the voice say, “There are two districts in the world of glory. One is the open-air square, and the other is the world of battle. You can connect to the world of glory within the secret region of the Ancestral God School.”

“Wow… it’s pretty small,” Luo Feng whispered.

And there are very few functions, he complained inwardly.

There was no comparison. If the virtual universe was a skyscraper, the world of glory was a cottage. It only covered the Ancestral God Secret Region, and there were only two districts: the open-air square and the world of battle. There weren’t even accommodations or shopping malls. The human virtual universe was much more bustling. There were countless levels of space and a wide range of functions. Everything that you could or could to do was provided in the virtual universe.

Luo Feng skimmed through the options.

Leaderboard of the world of glory

Glory points

Points for inheritances

Now, Luo Feng understood. The only way to have extra inheritances was to come to the world of glory.

There were seven rankings on the leaderboard starting with first-level ranking and descending to second-level ranking and so on and so forth. Different heirs appeared on different rankings according to their wins and losses. As for Luo Feng, he was at the back of third-level ranking. Zero wins and zero losses! Of course, there were creatures with records far worse than his.

It’s simple, indeed, Luo Feng thought. The Ancestral God School only wants to offer a place for us to gather by setting up such a simple virtual universe.

“Open-air square?” Luo Feng looked away.

The square was actually an open-air bar where lots of wine was being served and meals were taking place. They could be enjoyed by all heirs at any time. There were chairs assembled within the square, and Luo Feng could see tens of thousands of heirs with a glance. And with a glance, they spotted him, as well.

“Look, it’s Blade River Emperor.”

“It’s Blade River Emperor.”

The heirs all noticed Luo Feng, but they chose to stand by. He realized that the heirs were in hundreds of or even thousands of separate groups. He could sense the hostility among the groups.

There are always conflicts whenever there are powerful ones, thought Luo Feng. Especially in a place like this, where all the talents in the universe live.

“Blade River Emperor.”

A creature flew toward Luo Feng like a bolt of lightning.

Luo Feng looked at him and realized it was human. He smiled. “Cha Man Emperor.”

Cha Man Emperor was a low-key emperor of the human race. Although he wasn’t as mighty as the emperors who could rival universe knights, he was very close. Cha Man Emperor was incredibly talented and had risen to a high level very quickly. For this, he was highly valued and specially trained by the human race. Unfortunately, he was stuck at the final step to becoming a universe knight, which had robbed him of his pride and made him meek.

Many talented ones suffered similar fates. There were, after all, only so many who were qualified to become universe knights—such as Seven Blade Emperor. Who could say for sure whether he would become a universe knight?

“Let’s go, the Hong Alliance is here.” Cha Man Emperor took Luo Feng and walked away. “According to the command I received from our race, I should call you Blade River Emperor directly when you’re suspected. Will it affect you?”

“They will be just as suspicious if you don’t call me that.”

“It’ll happen either way.”

“Don’t worry about it.” Luo Feng smiled.

Cha Man Emperor nodded and continued. “These heirs are divided mainly by the alliances they belong to. The enemy alliances don’t get together. We who belong to the Hong Alliance will stick together.”

“There seem to be many groups,” Luo Feng said.

He could see the divisions between them. Most were in groups of hundreds or thousands of members. There were few groups with more than 10,000 members, and they represented the superpowers of the universe.

Luo Feng pointed to one particularly large group where hundreds of thousands of powerful ones sat together. “Who are they? There are so many members.”

“That’s the Snow Territory Alliance,” Cha Man Emperor said. “Although they are inferior to our Hong Alliance in terms of power, it is the alliance that has the most members. There are lots of undying and even emperor-level undying within that alliance, though most are from weak, ordinary clans—with a few exceptions. You should know that the Ancestral God School doesn’t care about the number of members a clan has when it distributes tokens.”

After a short while, they arrived at a corner of the square.

“That’s our place,” Cha Man Emperor said with a smile.

Luo Feng looked to the front and saw only around 1,000 powerful ones. They were all very common clans of the Hong Alliance.

“This is it?” Luo Feng whispered.

“We’re the elites,” Cha Man Emperor said, still smiling.

“That’s right, we’re the elites,” agreed Luo Feng. “No point comparing the quantity, I suppose.”

Luo Feng smiled back and followed Cha Man Emperor to the heirs of the Hong Alliance.

Within the territory of the demon race.

Balls of flames as big as stars were distributed everywhere and enveloped the valley. At the center was the towering Sky Wolf Palace.

An enormous, snake-shape creature with two heads groveled on the palace floor, but its voice was echoing within the entire space. “Master of Sky Wolf, the heirs of our demon race within the Ancestral God School gave us a message. A human suspected to be Blade River Emperor went to the land of treasures. It’s highly likely that he’s Blade River Emperor.”

The Master of Sky Wolf was in charge of the reward for hunting down Blade River Emperor.


Chapter 954: A Difficult Invitation to Battle

“Give me the details,” the Master of Sky Wolf said, looking down at the snake-shaped creature.

“I bring news,” said the snake. “I’m here to tell you first that important information is about to be sent to you.”

“Go,” the Master of Sky Wolf said.

“Yes.”

The snake flew out of the Sky Wolf Palace and teleported itself.

The Master of Sky Wolf stood in front of the palace and received the information from the virtual universe. Although the telecommunication system owned by the demon race couldn’t compare to the human race or automaton race, they had built a basic system by plundering parts from others. Besides, creatures who were masters of the universe could easily obtain information from hundreds of millions of lightyears away without any need to access the virtual universe.

Weng!

Among the stars appeared a three-dimensional virtual projection. The Master of Sky Wolf looked at it from afar, watching the confrontation between Luo Feng and Bei Shan Knight in the land of valuables.

“It’s him,” The Master of Sky Wolf murmured. “I can tell by his eyes.”

He had seen Luo Feng before. The speculations made by other super beings of the other races were questionable, but the Master of Sky Wolf was powerful enough to distinguish between the real thing and a forgery. The eyes were the window to the soul, and he could recognize that meddlesome human by those eyes.

“I can’t believe he went to the Ancestral God School. It was a smart move, indeed, but I’m a bit surprised the humans are unable to protect him within their race. I’m sure he’ll stay in the Ancestral God School for a long time… The worm race and the automaton race might also receive the information. They might even act first. It’s going to cost them dearly if they want to kill Blade River Emperor within the domain of the Ancestral God School. I’ll let them do it first.”

The eyes of the Master of Sky Wolf gleamed as he pondered how to dispose of this individual—this man who possessed the potential to be a great being of the human race.

The Master of Sky Wolf had seen Luo Feng before, and he was sure that the talented human could become an undying. However, it would be exceedingly difficult for him to become a universe knight. It was difficult for anyone to become a universe knight. Like True Yan Emperor, who had been stuck at the last step for an age. Or like Cha Man Emperor, who was every bit as talented as Seven Blade Emperor but couldn’t break through even after hundreds of thousands of years of training. And like Zhu Chong Emperor, who was a special life form in the universe—even more powerful than some bona fide universe knights. However, he still couldn’t become a universe knight, even with all the resources provided by the Ancestral God School.

Mountain Sitting Guest had once said that rare resources could help the undying make their breakthroughs and become universe knights, but it was a huge price, and success was not guaranteed.

Blade River Emperor was indeed impressive. However, he was still outshone by a special life form like Zhu Chong Emperor.

He must have lots of secrets, thought the Master of Sky Wolf. That’s how he killed an emperor limit as a mere sector lord. If he becomes a universe knight, especially a high-level one, he will rival a universe master. Perhaps he will become another heaven erosion palace leader—or maybe even stronger than that. He will pose a greater threat than a universe master by then!

To the enemy races, the idea of universe knights wielding the power of universe masters was, indeed, more intimidating than actual universe masters, as no one could resurrect a dead universe master! However, although universe masters like the Chaos City leader couldn’t bring back a universe knight as powerful as the heaven erosion palace leader, the strongest ones of the universe—such as the founder of the Huge Axe dojo—could certainly do that.

A supreme being that could be resurrected at any time… What a threat that was!

“There’s a huge hurdle between an undying and a universe knight!” said the Master of Sky Wolf. “If Blade River Emperor can’t cross the hurdle but the human race still tries to help him regardless, they might pay a huge price without any reward.”

Although the Master of Sky Wolf was worried about the surge in power of Blade River Emperor, this human was far from a real threat at the moment.

“I’ll wait and see if the worm race or the automaton race make the first move.”

The worm race and the automaton race received the message on the same day. Four of the peak races in the universe—humans, automatons, worms, and demons—had territories close to each other, and the wars between them could be bitter and devastating. They would surely try to eliminate any peerless talent as soon as possible.

The automaton race reasoned, “The demons and worms might get to him first. There’s no need to rush.”

Meanwhile, the worms debated, “The humans must have a plan to protect Blade River Emperor now, and we need to arrange any attack carefully.”

The three peak races were the only ones concerned. The other powers that could rival the Hong Alliance were all on the fence. As for the weaker ones like the Nine-Territory Alliance, they would love to see the four peak races destroy each other in battle.

On the open-air square in the world of glory.

Luo Feng quickly became friends with many powerful beings.

“The Hong alliance really doesn’t have many heirs.” Luo Feng couldn’t help saying.

“Indeed,” Li Li Emperor said with a nod, sitting beside Luo Feng. “But this is only a quarter of us. We humans are rare only because the Ancestral God School distributed their tokens indiscriminately among the races, rendering us at a disadvantage. Besides, the Hong Alliance wants only elites, and those within the alliance are either powerful races or subsidiaries thereof.”

Luo Feng nodded. There were several powerful barbarian races within the Hong Alliance, and they all consisted of universe masters.

“We don’t have lots of members in the Hong Alliance, and that’s why we don’t get lots of heirs,” Li Li Emperor said.

“The beast god inheritance is only one of the many ways to become stronger,” said Cha Man Emperor, shaking his head. “Humans are relatively weak within the Ancestral God School.”

Li Li Emperor and Cha Man Emperor were both humans, and the halos on their heads were gone.

“What’s most frustrating is that it’s so difficult for us to earn glory points,” Cha Man Emperor said, shaking his head a second time. “We humans have the virtual universe, which is envied by countless other races, especially in the world of glory. Lots of barbarians won’t even challenge us or accept our challenges. You can’t earn glory points without enough battles. Thus, we don’t have the opportunities to receive the inheritance.”

Li Li Emperor brought his wine glass up and said, “We can only challenge others in the Hong Alliance. Few within our alliance share the same level of inheritance, however, and we all know each other pretty well, so we don’t challenge those who can beat us.”

“Challenge?” Luo Feng said, tilting his head.

He had read the rules in the black book and knew that the world of glory was divided between the open-air square and the world of battle. Glory points could be gained and lost in the world of battle. Each newcomer would have three glory points, and the smallest price to pay for each battle was one. An heir had to send a letter of invitation to battle first, then wait until for an affirmative response before he could engage in a fight. 100 glory points could be exchanged for one inheritance.

“Can you imagine how difficult it is to get 100 glory points without any challenges?” Cha Man Emperor said with a sigh. “Occasionally, there are some who challenge us, but they’re ultra-powerful. If we answer to that, either we’re at least at the same level, or we’re just being stupid.”

“It is so difficult to earn glory points,” Li Li Emperor agreed.

Thousand Rain Emperor stood to the side, smiling as he said, “Compared to you humans, I’m lucky as I’m not so isolated. However, you can earn glory points only if you win a battle. Otherwise, you’ll lose points. If you lose all your glory points, you have to wait for an era to get a new one. If you lose all of them three times, you have to wait for 10,000 eras for another chance. And if you lose them six times, you have to wait for 100,000 eras! So on and so forth! That’s why everyone is very careful and will only make a large bet if they are certain they can win. Normally, the wager is only for one glory point per battle, but larger bets will happen under only extreme cases.”

Thousand Rain Emperor shook his head and added, “Although there are innumerable heirs here, it’s almost impossible to get an extra inheritance through glory points.”

“Don’t gloat,” Cha Man Emperor said. “At least you get challenged.”

“Not very often,” Thousand Rain Emperor replied. “And most of them are stronger than me.”

Luo Feng quietly considered how difficult it was to exchange an inheritance with glory points.

Just then, many heirs of the other races began to notice Blade River Emperor’s arrival—or, more specifically, the arrival of “Blade River.” On the black book of the world of glory, an arrival time and name, along with a note, always appeared when a newcomer arrived.

Someone glanced at their book, saying, “It says here ‘Blade River’ is here. And it reads ‘human’ for the note. It must be Blade River Emperor.”

“Hmm. Then that means he is here now.”

The barbarians all looked from afar.

“It’s impossible for a sector lord to kill an emperor limit only with the law comprehension,” someone said. “He must possess invaluable treasures. However, in the world of glory, everyone has the same intensity of godly bodies. Even Zhu Chong emperor has the same constitution as we do. And we must use the weapons provided by the world of glory. Even Zhu Chong Emperor was defeated many times in the world of glory. This Blade River Emperor? A third-level heir?”

“I’ll invite him to a battle!” someone spoke up.

“I’ll do that too!” another cried out. “It’ll be interesting to bully and humiliate this legendary Blade River Emperor!”

“I’ll crush Blade River Emperor.”

“I’ll make him miserable!”

All at once, a plethora of talented heirs from every race were sending battle invitations to “Blade River.”

As Luo Feng continued chatting with Thousand Rain Emperor, Cha Man Emperor, and Li Li emperor, he felt the trembling of his floating black book.

“Hold on,” he said as he opened it up. His eyes went wide. “Um…?”

The number 10,232 filled the blank beside the “Invitations to Battle,” line in the book, and the number was soaring.

Now 12000. 13000. 14000… Now 20000! And still rising rapidly.


Chapter 955: Accepting the Challenge?

Luo Feng was just listening to Cha Man Emperor and Li Li Emperor complain about how difficult it was to acquire challenges. However, in the blink of an eye, the invitations to battle sent to him had already skyrocketed. After only a few seconds, it reached 30,000!

“This… this is unbelievable,” said Luo Feng, his heart pounding at sight of the number. “I hadn’t received any invitations to battle last time I checked the black book. It happened so fast!”

Luo Feng had entered the World of Glory just now and had given himself the name “Blade River.” Before that, even if other races had wanted to challenge Blade River Emperor, they couldn’t find the target. But now, Luo Feng appeared in the open-air square, and almost all the heirs knew about it. As expected, many of them wanted to battle the legendary Blade River Emperor. Besides, Luo Feng was one of the third-level beast god heirs, and out of all seven levels, the third level contained the most heirs.

More than 100 million heirs were at the third level. There were only a few universe knights, whereas hundreds of millions of the heirs were emperors!

Almost all of the talented fighters who went through hundreds of millions of years of training reached the third level. A considerable number of them had completed the third level and started to comprehend the fourth level, like True Yan Emperor. Accordingly, the largest portion of the heirs belonged to the third level, followed by the fourth level. The rest, in descending order, were the second level, the fifth level, the sixth level, the seventh level, and the first level.

The Heaven Erosion Palace Leader represented the seventh-level heirs, who were almost as powerful as beast gods. As strong as they were, only a few dozen reached the seventh level. As for the first level, even the newcomers had some foundation, so there was no one at the first level.

Thousand Rain Emperor, Li Li Emperor, and Cha Man Emperor all noticed that Luo Feng was staring at the black book.

“What are you looking at?” Thousand Rain Emperor shouted.

Hu.

Luo Feng looked at his three friends from the Hong Alliance, knowing he didn’t need to hide the news that so many other races were challenging him. He whispered, “I’ve received tons of invitations to battle.”

“Tons of invitations?” they said. All of them were dazed.

“How many have you received?” asked Li Li Emperor. “100?” Realizing something was wrong, he shook his head. “Blade River, you’re too famous. You can kill a limit emperor as a sector lord. The heirs here are from hundreds of millions of races throughout the universe. They won’t rest until they fight you in a battle, and many of them want to grasp this opportunity to crush you. Hmm… I bet you can receive lots of invitations. Perhaps thousands.”

Both Cha Man Emperor and Thousand Rain Emperor looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng blocked the space around them to ensure that only they could hear him as he murmured, “More than 50,000 already.”

“50,000?” Li Li Emperor said, opening his eyes wide.

“50,000…” Cha Man Emperor sighed. He had spent an eternity on Bauhinia Island, and he hadn’t even taken part in 1,000 battles.

“It’s been such a short time,” Thousand Rain Emperor said, dazed.

Cha Man Emperor was a bit let down. “It seems,” he said, “that I’ve underestimated how much those other races want to fight you. You’re just too famous, and you’re only a sector lord. Lots of the treasures and true treasures were absent in the World of Glory. You’ll be at a disadvantage when you’re fighting them. Not only do they want to fight you; they want to crush you. They think they are superior to you.”

Luo Feng glanced at the black book; he had already received more than 60,000 invitations. There were, indeed, lots of great beings from other races who wanted to fight him.

“Blade River Emperor, you’re one of the third-level heirs,” Thousand Rain Emperor said. “Third-level heirs and fourth-level heirs make up more than 99 percent of all the heirs here. And there are more than 90 million third-level heirs! You’ll receive 900,000 invitations to battle even if only one percent of them challenge you.”

Luo Feng nodded his head.

“You need to be careful,” Thousand Rain Emperor continued. “Don’t accept invitations without consideration. All the heirs use the same godly bodies during the battles in the World of Glory, and they’re all 100,000 times stronger than the body of a sector lord. You can choose your own look and body type, but your constitution is the same. And you have to choose from weapons within the World of Glory, which are all ordinary weapons. The playing field is kept even. All the treasures you obtained outside and all the special skills you happen to have will disappear. When you’re in battle, you can only use fusion laws. All other laws are useless in the World of Glory. Only fusion laws can generate power.”

Luo Feng nodded, listening carefully.

“For example,” Thousand Rain Emperor continued, “Zhu Chong Emperor is a special organism—unique in the universe. But in the World of Glory, he doesn’t have the incredible godly body, the extraordinary techniques, or the true treasures. Thus, he becomes ordinary. He’s only at the upper-middle tier of the third-level heirs, and he will drop to one of the lower-middle ones when he becomes a fourth-level heir.”

“Yes,” Cha Man Emperor said with a frown. “Besides, sector lords’ mind powers can’t compare to that of an undying fighter. You’ll be at a disadvantage.”

“Blade River Emperor,” Li Li Emperor said, “the powerful fighters are all peerless in their races. Quite a few have come up with their own pinnacle techniques, and several of them even came up with ultimate techniques! As for law comprehension, there are some at the third level that almost complete it. When it comes to body amplification, all of them have their own techniques, and their willpower is top-tier.”

Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat. Ultimate techniques?

The Primal Chaos City Leader praised him after he created his own pinnacle techniques. In a place like Bauhinia Island, where hundreds of millions of peerless talented fighters lived, it was unsurprising that lots of them had created their own pinnacle techniques. However, Luo Feng was amazed that several had created ultimate techniques even though they had only completed the first few moves.

The Ancestral God School gathers talented fighters from all the races in the universe, thought Luo Feng. They have various talents and various life forms. Some have incredible godly bodies, and some of them have extraordinary techniques. It’s conceivable that a few of them could come up with ultimate techniques.

“You have to think twice before you accept challenges, as a commitment is binding,” Cha Man Emperor said. “They’ll only be nullified after you lose all your glory points, so you need to be careful.”

“Uh-huh,” Luo Feng said, nodding.

Suddenly, several voices arose from afar.

“Blade River Emperor!” shouted a voice. “I, Tie Jing Emperor of the demon race, challenge you! Do you dare to accept it?”

“Blade River Emperor, you can name your bet!” another voice cried out. “But apparently, you only have three glory points, so I’ll bet you three glory points! Do you have the guts to do so?”

“I highly doubt that Blade River Emperor is that powerful,” another jeered. “Perhaps he got famous because he was lucky.”

More voices flooded the area. All spoke in human languages. Some were high, and some were low. Some were squeaky, some were like thunder, and some were hoarse and echoing.

All the other races were provoking him. Yes—provoking him! They were all peerless talents within their own races, especially in the world of battle, where all the special effects were void. How could they possibly admit to the power of a sector lord?

“Do you think Blade River Emperor will accept the challenges?” asked a lanky powerful one with nine leaves on its head.

He stood with several others, all of whom were green and black with leaves on their heads. Their skin resembled bark. They were of the Fan Ling Clan and had no genders. All were descendants of the Fan Ling Tree.

“Maybe he will, at first,” another replied. “However, he’ll realize the powers of the other races after losing once or twice. There are many challenging him this time, and we might not have the chance to fight him. He has only three glory points, and he’ll lose all of them in no time. He won’t be able to fight after losing them all.”

Luo Feng did, indeed, want to accept the challenges from the talented fighters of other races. However, he was still rational. He knew he shouldn’t underestimate them. They were not just some ordinary powerful fighters from the outer-domain battlefield. Many of them had created their own pinnacle techniques, not to mention those who had created ultimate techniques.

“The number’s still increasing,” said Luo Feng, looking at his black book. It had already hit 100,000. “Cha Man Emperor?”

“Yes, Blade River?” Cha Man Emperor said, looking at him.

“I’ve got an idea,” said Luo Feng. “You give me the number of the virtual universe. I’ll leave the World of Glory and enter the virtual universe to then connect you. Let’s have a mock fight in the virtual universe. How does that sound?”

Cha Man Emperor’s eyes gleamed. “Good!”

“Clever,” Li Li Emperor said with a smile. “You’ll have a mock fight in the virtual universe first so you can determine how powerful you actually are compared to other third-level heirs. After that, you’ll know who to choose to fight. Cha Man Emperor and I are both upper-middle tier of the third-level heirs. I’ll join, too. You can easily learn how powerful you are, relatively speaking, by fighting us.”

“Count me in,” Thousand Rain Emperor said. “I’m from the Hong Alliance and have the number of the virtual universe, too.”

“Haha! Thank you all,” Luo Feng said.

Luo Feng had a strong desire to fight after receiving so many challenges. How could he possibly let it go? He didn’t know when or if he would receive so many invitation letters again.

After being given the number of the virtual universe, Luo Feng’s mind left the World of Glory and connected to the virtual universe.

Inside one of the practice fields in the virtual universe.

A range of rocky cordilleras ran along the practice field. Luo Feng stood on one of the mountains while Thousand Rain Emperor, Li Li Emperor, and Cha Man Emperor stood across from him.

“Blade River!” said Cha Man Emperor. “Let’s at least make it a good fight!”

Their battle senses burned brightly—like Seven Blade Emperor and Meng Sui Emperor before, having been silent for a long time. But in terms of power, these fighters were stronger.


Chapter 956: Luo Feng’s Strength

“Who would like to start?” Luo Feng asked, looking at the three strong beings in the distance.

“I am slightly weaker than Cha Man Emperor and Li Li Emperor,” said Thousand Rain Emperor. “How about I take the first shot? Blade River Emperor, if you fight them first, you might lose pretty badly.”

Both Cha Man Emperor and Li Li Emperor looked at Luo Feng, waiting for him to choose.

“If you want to fight, bring in the strongest one,” Luo Feng said bluntly.

“Fair enough,” said Thousand Rain Emperor.

Cha Man Emperor and Li Li Emperor looked at each other. And then, the world was filled with Cha Man Emperor’s eerie voice. “Li Li Emperor and I are basically on the same level,” he said. “I can fight first. However, Blade River… do not underestimate us just because we are low-keyed. There are only two to three Beast God-level emperors among humans who are stronger than us. Newcomers like Seven Blade Emperor are weaker than us.”

“I surely won’t underestimate you,” said Luo Feng.

He knew very well that among humans, many of the older guys maintained low profiles. Although these guys had probably been stuck in the last step for an eternity, some of them possessed intimidating, tremendous strength. On the contrary, rising newcomers like Seven Blade Emperor and Dream Fire Emperor may have been enjoying great fame, but if they couldn’t even break through 100 million eras, they would fade to obscurity in future generations. That was simply the cruel nature of time.

In midair, Luo Feng and Cha Man Emperor faced each other across a distance.

“Familiarize yourself with your godly body,” said Cha Man Emperor. “Let me remind you that we will be fighting in the virtual world. Hence, as soon as the fight begins, we will both burn our godly bodies and fight frantically. Do not be as reluctant to burn your godly body as you are in reality.”

“Hmm,” said Luo Feng, feeling his own virtual godly body.

Boom!

With vigorous power filling his body—his every cell comprised of unparalleled godly force—Luo Feng could, if he were willing, turn into an inexhaustible godly force in an instant. Even when his godly body was shattered to pieces, he could recover in the blink of an eye. His confidence in his own dominance and absolute control was much stronger than when he had been a sector lord. This was a godly body 100,000 times stronger than that of a sector lord!

“There are pros and cons,” Luo Feng said, acclimating to this godly body. “In real life, even with the assistance of the general soul, my spiritual force is only on the low emperor level. Thanks to my willpower, which is more domineering than most of the universe knights, I can ultimately rival pinnacle emperors. But right now, even without the general soul, I have reached the pinnacle emperor realm with virtual godly force. Coupled with my willpower and consciousness, I will naturally grow stronger.”

During his sector lord period, the primal force had combined with the spiritual force, becoming the strength of a world. During his undying period, they became an undying force. Now, with the virtualized undying godly force, he could strike a soul attack.

“Previously, in the real world,” Luo Feng muttered, “my strength of a world was too weak. My soul was nothing compared to the general soul, even after my soul amplification using the techniques that I inherited from Demon Note God-General. But now… my virtualized godly force is amplifying completely once again.”

From the aspects of godly force and amplification, Luo Feng had, indeed, improved a lot. But there was a weakness. The supreme treasure, the Star Map, was gone. The power of the Star Map could have helped Luo Feng skip two or even three levels.

“Weapon.”

As he turned his palms over, 600 semi-transparent golden globes filled with mysterious engravings, which were the interpretations of Luo Feng’s mightiest techniques, started to float above his hands. These were very common spiritual weapons Luo Feng made through the virtual universe. After all, only common weapons could be used during battles in the World of Glory.

“Have you gotten used to it?” said Cha Man Emperor.

Luo Feng laughed. “Cha Man Emperor,” he said, “you’ll have to exert your greatest effort to avoid a humiliating defeat.”

With a booming sound, Luo Feng’s breath intensified. His every cell started to burn completely, and his strength became 1,000 times stronger in a split second.

“How long have you been cultivating?” asked Cha Man Emperor. “A little friendly advice: Don’t mess around with us old tough guys. I will defeat you within three moves.”

Abruptly, two giant, blade-shaped claws appeared, covering Cha Man Emperor’s fists.

Buzz.

The 600 golden globes floated as Luo Feng turned his hands over.

“Spirit reader?” said Cha Man Emperor. He frowned slightly, looking at Luo Feng in confusion. Before heading to the land of inheritance, spirit readers should have been told by the members within their races that they would be at a disadvantage if they were to take the beast god path. Why was Blade River Emperor still a spirit reader?

Luo Feng tossed the globes randomly. Through the intricate patterns on the 600 golden globes, the burning virtualized godly force activated the law of merging ultimate sources. Suddenly, an enormous Beast God appeared high in the air.

Since this move was unleashed by burning godly force, this Beast God was more real—so much so that its scaled tail had infinitely formidable power.

“Humph!” Cha Man Emperor snorted deeply.

Boom!

Cha Man Emperor transformed swiftly into a human-shaped Beast God with thick shoulders covered in scale armor. Behind him, a giant, semi-visible Beast God shadow also emerged. His eyes were fraught with madness. This powerful human being, quite genteel a moment before, had suddenly become insanely barbaric.

Cha Man Emperor became a beam of light and pounced at Luo Feng.

Thousand Rain Emperor and Li Li Emperor watched attentively from afar.

“Blade River Emperor is indeed impressive,” said Thousand Rain Emperor, pleasantly surprised. “Though he is in a slightly unfavorable position, he has gotten used to Cha Man Emperor’s fighting style in no time. They are running neck and neck.”

“Hold on,” Li Li Emperor said in a soft voice. “Cha Man Emperor thinks that Blade River Emperor is weak in techniques due to his short cultivation time. That’s why Cha Man Emperor didn’t use his most powerful secret technique from the start. Look, Blade River Emperor is losing out, isn’t he? Humph. Now that their godly bodies are on the same level, it is the comprehension of laws, secret techniques, godly force amplification, experience, etc., that are at stake. Cha Man Emperor is perfect in those aspects. His secret technique is a pinnacle technique, and his godly force amplification is inherited from the Demon Note God General.”

Pinnacle techniques were not uncommon. Almost every universe knight could create pinnacle techniques, so those remarkable geniuses who had the potential to become universe knights would certainly put stricter demands on themselves. Particularly in the event that they couldn’t break through the endless ages, those geniuses would put greater emphasis on the creation of pinnacle techniques. Under the instruction of good teachers, many talents from peak races had created pinnacle techniques over an extended time. Luo Feng had complimented simply because it had cost him a short time to invent his pinnacle techniques.

“It is not bad for Blade River Emperor to be on a par with Cha Man Emperor, who is…” Li Li Emperor trailed off, stunned. “What…?”

Thousand Rain Emperor was also stupefied. “Blade River Emperor, he—”

But he couldn’t even finish his sentence. To their surprise, Blade River Emperor’s energy suddenly burst. Previously, the two opponents had been equally matched. But now, Blade River Emperor’s strength seemed to surge, suppressing Cha Man Emperor immediately.

In the air.

With his gaze burning crazily, Luo Feng maximized his willpower in an instant. “You shall lose,” he said.

Boom!

With a rumbling sound that trembled the surrounding space, the scaled tail of the giant Beast God pushed through time and space like a steamroller. The thrashing of the scaled tail was terrifyingly fast and ferocious.

Bang!

Roaring, the human-shaped Beast God of Cha Man Emperor resisted the whipping of the scaled tail with his two claws.

Bang!

He was beaten so hard that his godly body deteriorated rapidly.

“Admit your defeat!” demanded Luo Feng.

Gaining momentum, Luo Feng attacked Cha Man Emperor repeatedly until the godly body of Cha Man Emperor vanished entirely. Luo Feng had won!

Standing in midair, Luo Feng gazed at the dumbfounded Thousand Rain Emperor and Li Li Emperor in the distance. In astonishment, he muttered to himself, “I can’t believe that I am pushed to this extent to exert my own pinnacle techniques. Compared to them, I still have the advantage of the Beast God conception!”

While other heirs were arousing their pinnacle techniques using law comprehension, Luo Feng stimulated his by Beast God conception. In terms of the comprehension of the combination law, Luo Feng belonged to the intermediate level of the third stage, but his Beast God conception had already surpassed the third stage, reaching the threshold of the fourth stage! After all, Luo Feng’s current Beast God conception was incredibly close to the 21st level of Heavenly Bridge.

Therefore, Luo Feng had great advantages with his Beast God conception! Besides, Luo Feng’s spiritual force amplification was also very strong and couldn’t be considered a shortcoming.

Still, Luo Feng couldn’t help but sigh. At the beginning of the battle, before his willpower broke out completely, he had been at a slight disadvantage. In the end, his willpower—which was more incredible than most universe knights—had burst. If he were just a fighter, the benefits of strong willpower wouldn’t have been obvious, but things were different for a spirit reader.

Willpower was the commander in chief. Consciousness was the general. And spirit force was the soldier.

The might of Luo Feng’s willpower made his ability to control his spiritual weapon upgrade two levels, turning his unfavorable position into complete suppression over Cha Man Emperor.

Cha Man Emperor flew over, looking at Luo Feng incredulously. “I have lost. Blade River, how did you…?”

“I admit defeat, too,” said Li Li Emperor. “There’s no need to compete.” Li Li Emperor sighed, shaking his head. “Blade River, you truly live up to your fame. We are convinced by your treasures as well as your strength…”

They both felt rather bitter. As low-profile as they were, they were quite confident in their strengths, for they ranked on the middle-upper level in the land of inheritance, a place with numerous talents. It was obviously very difficult to improve once they had reached certain levels. In the aspects of willpower, consciousness, secret techniques, and godly force amplification, they had nearly achieved perfection.

Yet they had still lost. Luo Feng had won in a landslide.

It was only through the simultaneous outburst of two absolute advantages—my willpower and my Beast God conception—that I could overwhelm Cha Man Emperor, Luo Feng thought to himself.

On the distant Bauhinia Island, the core land of the Ancestral God School, the heirs who had sent Luo Feng invitations to fight were discussing this matter in small groups. They soon received their replies.

“Blade River Emperor is just a sector lord, after all,” said one heir. “In the virtual world, he must abandon every treasure he owns in the real world and rely on his actual strength to fight. Humph. Zhu Chong Emperor also yielded before, didn’t he?”

“It is estimated that hundreds of thousands of challenges to fight have been sent to him,” replied another.

“How many does he dare accept?”

“Haha…”

“Well—he has accepted mine.”

“What? He accepted? Lucky you. Perhaps he chooses the weakest ones to battle. Haha. But alas! He has also accepted mine.”

“I have also gotten his response. He has agreed to fight.”

On the open-air square of the World of Glory, numerous strong beings of other races were flipping through their black books. Every one of them had received replies accepting their challenges!

“My challenge has been accepted,” they said to one another.

“So has mine.”

“Blade River Emperor has agreed to battle!”

Soon, frantic discussions were heard in every corner of the open-air square. The heirs of hundreds of millions of races of the universe were left in great astonishment.

“How many challenges has Blade River Emperor accepted? Probably tens of thousands!”


Chapter 957: 620,000 Battles ！！！

Numerous colorful aurora surrounded Bauhinia Island, and the halos, displaying the mysteries of universe law, constantly diffused up in the sky.

Bauhinia Island was home to palaces of diverse races. In one of the palaces were plenty sculptures of ancient swords. Suddenly, the gate to this palace opened. Out walked out a figure. With eyes as sharp as blades and a mark of seven battle swords between his eyebrows, this man, dressed in purple armor, looked like a battle sword himself.

Shouted two chimpanzee-liked beings from another race shouted at the figure from afar.

“Seven Blade Emperor! Blade River Emperor from the human race is quite something.”

“Seven Blade Emperor, did you invite him to fight?”

Seven Blade Emperor had gained a treasure from the Land of Valuables and as a result had become moderately famous on Bauhinia Island. Furthermore, the treasure had been found at a spot reserved by a super being of the Ancestral God School for its inheritors! Mediocre as Seven Blade Emperor might have been in the battles in the World of Glory, he could be very intimidating with his “Seven Blade Inheritance,” “beast god great being inheritance,” and formidable ability to survive in the real world. His good luck even invoked jealousy from numerous great beings among the human race.

Thanks to the Seven Blade Inheritance, Seven Blade Emperor and Dream Fire Emperor had become two undying-level talents of their generations to be trained intensively by the human race.

The “beast god great being inheritance” had made Seven Blade Emperor’s status surpass that of Dream Fire Emperor among the human race. However, many races had no idea what the treasure was, since Seven Blade Emperor had kept the secret to himself. Even the automaton race, a peak race, only knew that he had gained some sort of inheritance.

The Land of Valuables had numerous treasures left by the beast gods of the Ancestral God School, including school-guarding beast gods and beast-god cultivating great beings.

As for what the treasure was, it was difficult to tell. The treasure was not necessarily related to the beast god path. For example, if Luo Feng reached a high status in the future, he could also put some of the treasures he had acquired by chance—and didn’t use—in the Land of Valuables for future generations.

Therefore, apart from Seven Blade Emperor and the senior staff of the human race at the Ancestral God School, none of the other factions knew the extent of how amazing Seven Blade Emperor’s actual gains would be. Otherwise, no one would have tried to assassinate him.

Seven Blade Emperor laughed with blade-light flashing in his eyes. “Haha! He is also a human. Now that so many great beings of other races have challenged him, why would I invite him to fight? By the way, do you know how many challenges Blade River Emperor has accepted?”

“If you don’t know, what makes you think we would? All we know is the number is over 10,000.”

Then the two chimp-like beings each took a step greater than 600 miles and disappeared in the distance.

Standing in front of the palace, Seven Blade Emperor murmured to himself, “Over 10,000 battles? Blade River Emperor, the most incredible talent of the human race? I will never admit defeat to Blade River Emperor so easily.”

Having acquired his new treasure, Seven Blade Emperor believed that he had outclassed Dream Fire Emperor, thus becoming the best of his generation among humans. But now, Blade River Emperor was in his way.

“During the fight for Sealed Star in the battlefield of the outer regions, you were so insignificant that I barely noticed you,” said Seven Blade Emperor. “What a surprise that you are a sector lord. I know that you are madly accepting challenges to fight. For the first time, you have my full attention. I want to see your strength, for you are such a talent of the human race that even my teacher believes you are better than me… I don’t know if you are overly confident or just insane to agree to engage in over 10,000 battles. Soon, you will realize that all the heirs here are peerless talents. Even I am only considered mediocre in the World of Glory. You will soon come around to this cruel reality.”

In the heartland of the Ancestral God School.

The Thunder Beast God Palace was one of the eight palaces for beast gods. The palace was magnificent in appearance, standing taller than 60 million miles. Inside the palace was a time-space containing picturesque scenery including rivers, mountains, deserts, ice fields, and snow.

Deep inside those endless ranges of mountains, a repetitive sound erupted like breathing.

Ha! Hoo!

Ha! Hoo!

The diameter of the time-space exceeded a light year, and every “ha” filled it with pounding thunderbolts. And every “hoo” filled it with roaring winds, destroying numerous mountains, drying up lakes and rivers, and swirling up sand from the deserts. Luckily, there were no other creatures in the whole time-space.

“Who dares interrupt my slumber?” echoed a rumbling voice.

Several peaks of those endless mountains were pushed upward. A gigantic, winged, three-hoofed beast god covered in green hair longer than 50,000 miles, stood up. With every step it took, the earth shook and mountains collapsed.

“Why does the Ancestral God make me manage the trivialities of the school?” it growled. “The other seven beast gods have slacked off and gone elsewhere while I am the only one who has had to stay here for 100 million eras. Alas! How long have I slept? Only 30 million eras. I can leave only after staying for 70 million more eras.”

The time-space trembled as the hairy, giant beast god stepped forward.

“Come on in!” Thunder Beast God finally spoke up.

The time-space of the beast god palace opened, and the god-general that had been waiting outside entered the palace.

“Greetings, beast god,” said a voice. “I am Blood Fire God-General.”

Blood Fire God-General flew across the sky and landed on the peak of a mountain, looking at the beast god—which was much bigger than mountains—from afar.

“I told you not to disturb my sleep unless there was something truly important,” said Thunder Beast God, and the airflow that spurted from his nostrils wiped out the surrounding mountains. In the sky, more thunderbolts generated out of nowhere, as if expressing the fury of Thunder Beast God.

Blood Fire God-General saluted the Thunder Beast God and said, “Beast God, this is an important matter.”

The operating system of Ancestral God School left the Blood Fire God-General with no choice but to solve many problems himself. The beast gods were so lazy that they didn’t even bother to connect their consciousnesses to the World of Glory. Apparently, sharing their consciousnesses irritated the beast gods.

“Speak,” Thunder Beast God demanded, looking down on the tiny Blood Fire God-General.

Having inherited the position of a god-general, Blood Fire God-General wielded strength that could rival common universe masters. As for Thunder Beast God, once it had inherited the supreme status of a beast god, its strength would become even greater.

“We have found a universe talent worthy of being trained by Ancestral God School,” said Blood Fire God-General.

“A universe talent? You woke me up just for this?” Thunderbolts flashed in Thunder Beast God’s eyes.

“He is only a sector lord, yet he can attack and kill an emperor limit,” said Blood Fire God-General.

“Hmm?” said Thunder Beast God. “A powerful special organism?”

Thunder Beast God’s eyes lit up. The Ancestral God School needed to cultivate great beings as well. For example, great emphasis was put on Zhu Chong Emperor for his cultivation. Once the Ancestral God School appreciated the great beings, things would turn out differently for them. But the issue was, the Ancestral God School was extremely picky. It didn’t even care about the so-called peerless talents of the universe like Ke Di.

“No, he is a human,” said Blood Fire God-General, “but he was capable of killing an emperor limit even during his sector lord period —even hitting and killing from the front.”

Since he took the place of beast gods in managing Ancestral God School, Blood Fire God-General had extensive secret knowledge. When it came to the law of how the universe worked, the Ancestral God School undoubtedly held the most profound understanding.

“Kill from the front? This is against the law of the universe,” said Thunder Beast God in a rumbling voice.

With some extremely powerful treasures, it would be possible for a sector lord to kill emperors at the limit level by waging sneak attacks. But from the front? Great beings of emperor limit level would defeat sector lords easily with their soul attacks and godly force attacks.

“According to the intelligence from the Ancestral God School, when he was in Ice Hell, he could conceal his breathing with an invaluable treasure, thus enabling him to fight with emperor limit,” continued Blood Fire God-General. “And he could withstand soul attacks and substance attacks. His strength can even kill emperors at the limit level.”

“Hmm.” There was light in Thunder Beast God’s enormous eyes. “He has received special treatment, enabling him to violate the laws of the universe in some respects without being suppressed by the law!”

Thunder Beast God knew very well what this meant.

The universe was fair; strength-enhancing armor such as general armor and king armor placed a great burden on one’s body. For instance, only a body that was 10,000 times stronger than a sector lord force could put on the king armor. Even the golden-horned beast could only wear it after cultivating the Nine Volume Manual. Hence, without the incredible Nine Volume Manual, it would be impossible to use general armor, king armor, general soul, and the like.

Without these items, Luo Feng, as a sector lord, was just a common peerless talent who could, at best, rival Ke Di but couldn’t kill an emperor limit.

“Violating the universe operation law without being suppressed by it?” said Thunder Beast God in a rumbling voice. “From now on, I will pay close attention to him.”

“Thunder Beast God,” said Blood Fire God-General. “Because he has killed emperors at the limit level as a sector lord, he enjoys great fame in the universe. But he is a human, after all. What he has achieved is quite stunning, though no other factions understand the implications yet—except the Ancestral God School. Ever since he arrived in Land of Inheritance, many heirs have invited him to fight. Just now, this human accepted all the challenges.”

“All of them?” Thunder Beast God was stupefied.

“Yes. All of them. Over 620,000 battles.”

“620,000 battles?” said Thunder Beast God. “What’s his name?”

“Blade River Emperor!” said Blood Fire God-General. “Apparently, his real name is Luo Feng.”

“Let’s wait and observe the outcomes of these 620,000 battles, said Thunder Beast God. “His opponents are peerless talents from all over the universe. I want to know how far this human being, who has run against the universe operation rule, can go.”

In the battle world of the World of Glory, in the endless desert.

Luo Feng was dressed in black armor and a pair of black battle boots and a pair of wings with scales. Wings were the most convenient way for Luo Feng to fly and dodge.

“Though I have not become immortal, I have felt the powerful godly body that is 100,000 times stronger than the force of a sector lord,” said Luo Feng, looking at a shadow in the distance.

A silver-gray snake-shaped monster was gradually rising from the desert. Its triangular-shaped head was high while its gigantic godly body appeared indistinct beneath the desert surface.

With a trace of a smile on his face, Luo Feng said, “The first of my 620,000 battles.”

Chapter 958

The silver-gray, snake-shaped monster slowly arose from the desert. With its triangular head high, it stared coldly at Luo Feng from afar and squeaked in a voice millions of times jarring than scraping glass.

“Blade River Emperor!” it hissed. “How many glory points do you have? Do you dare to bet with me?” Like a shockwave, the voice stirred up vast quantities of sand.

“You should feel honored to be my first opponent in the World of Glory,” Luo Feng said, smiling amid the swirling sand.

The silver-gray, snake-shaped creature glowered at Luo Feng. “Your first one? Haha! A pleasure for me, indeed. Three glory points. Do you dare?”

“I will choose one glory point to fight each of my rivals,” said Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was daring, but he wasn’t stupid. Judging by his fight against Cha Man Emperor, he estimated that he could become one of the best among the third stage inheritors with his beast god conception and mighty willpower. However, if he wagered high stakes and lost all of his glory points right at the beginning, he wouldn’t be able to battle with other rivals.

After all, he had accepted over 620,000 battles; betting one glory point for each battle was surely enough.

“One point? Ha! What I want is to win and acquire all your glory points so that the inheritors of other races can’t battle against you,” said the snake complacently. “By then, all of Bauhinia Island will know that Blade River Emperor was defeated by me, King Serkaphinse.”

Luo Feng chuckled. “Cut the nonsense. You’re just my warm-up. Let’s fight.”

“Damn!”

With a jarring squeak, a stream of formidable current surged toward the sky, making the whole desert tremble.

“Very good,” commented Luo Feng.

Boom!

With his eyes lit up, Luo Feng also augmented his breathing sharply and burned his undying godly body. Meanwhile, as his scaled wings fluttered, he turned into a beam of light and flew upward. As he flung his left hand fiercely, 600 golden beads flew across the sky. Simulated within the battle world of the World of Glory, the 600 golden beads were made from common materials that pinnacle-emperor-level spirit readers used for forging weapons.

As the beast god roared and King Serkaphinse screeched, the battle began.

Only seconds later, after a few dozen moves, the godly body of King Serkaphinse was annihilated.

“No…!” King Serkaphinse wailed.

Its cold, snake-like eyes were fraught with fury. It refused to recognize that it had lost to a sector lord, especially under the conditions that they both fought in godly bodies. And then, its figure blurred until it vanished. Obviously, it had been kicked out of the battle world. Luo Feng had moved on to his second battle.

During the interval between the two battles, Luo Feng looked at his black book. Indeed, one glory point had been added.

“Four glory points,” he said. “The first rival that I chose just now ranked medium on the list of third-stage inheritors. Well, its strength was weaker than that of Cha Man Emperor.”

Without being pushed to his limit, Luo Feng had defeated his opponent.

He still stood in the desert. Looking at his second rival in the distance, Luo Feng grinned. “Here comes another one to give me their glory points.”

The battles continued.

The open-air square of the World of Glory had turned into a state of commotion. At the moment, at least 100 million heirs, including Seven Blade Emperor, were connected to the World of Glory, for they had received word that Blade River Emperor had commenced taking on his challengers nonstop.

“What?” one onlooker said to a defeated challenger. “You lost to that Blade River Emperor? A sector lord? He has no treasures to turn to in the battle world, and you still lost?”

“Haha! So useless to lose!” another added. “I hope Blade River Emperor doesn’t lose all his glory points too soon. Watch me when it is my turn to fight him.”

In the beginning, the three great beings who lost one after another became objects of ridicule within their respective factions. Although the rest of the heirs sneered, they also put their guards up because they knew the strengths of their partners.

Since the open-air square was large enough for nearly 100 million inheritors to gather there—forming smaller groups of hundreds of or thousands of heirs—the news that three heirs had lost consecutively spread quickly within their factions. But Luo Feng was fighting very quickly. Because his godly body fully recovered after each fight, he didn’t need to rest at all.

Before long, he had fought 1,000 battles in succession!

After about eleven hours, Luo Feng paused his fighting and decided to take a break.

It took me about eleven hours to fight 1,000 battles, thought Luo Feng. Well, the actual time consumed by each battle averaged less than 10 seconds. It was the launch of every fight in the battle world and the conversations with my rivals that wasted so much time.

Usually, Luo Feng didn’t bother to speak too much except for some trash talk such as, “Give me your glory points!” or, “Die!” or, “Don’t keep me waiting!”

Bauhinia Island. In front of Luo Feng’s mansion.

“Blade River,” said a voice from outside.

“Blade River!” said another.

After 1,000 battles, Luo Feng had left World of Glory temporally. He was about to rest when he heard his name called twice. He knew the voices belonged to Thousand Rain Emperor and Cha Man Emperor.

As Luo Feng took a step, he disappeared from the attic and arrived at the gate to his mansion, opening the door in person. It was Cha Man Emperor, Thousand Rain Emperor, and another human heir standing outside the door.

“Seven Blade Emperor?” Luo Feng said in shock.

Dumbfounded, Luo Feng looked at this great being of the human race who had come to visit him. He had met Seven Blade Emperor in the Star Tower before.

For the first time, the Seven Blade Emperor attentively observed Blade River Emperor, the mysterious fighter who had stunned the universe. At first glance, Blade River Emperor was very common. But if anyone paid attention to Blade River Emperor’s eyes, they would have felt the formidable strength harbored in his heart. The strength was the confidence brought by mighty willpower, indicating that Luo Feng was extremely self-assured. After Sky Wolf had revealed his identity, Luo Feng had felt relieved, and he had stopped hiding. Instead, he had become more fearless, ready to confront any obstacle.

True gold feared no fire! And a blade became sharper after refining!

“Seven Blade Emperor, we meet a second time,” Luo Feng said, with a trace of a smile at the corner of his mouth.

“Blade River Emperor, “Seven Blade Emperor said with a smile. “I didn’t notice you last time because I only cared about the Sealed Star. Now, here I am to meet the legendary Blade River Emperor. I wonder if my visit is welcomed.”

“Of course.” Luo Feng smiled and moved aside. “Please come in, my three guests.”

“Haha! I told you that Blade River Emperor is a very amiable friend,” said Thousand Rain Emperor with a smile.

Cha Man Emperor, meanwhile, kept his cool.

Soon, the four of them entered the mansion together and arrived at the reception hall, where the garden style was that of Jiang Nan, China, Luo Feng’s hometown. There were only old-fashioned wooden armchairs and a tea table in the reception hall. Luo Feng sat in the center. Though Seven Blade Emperor, Thousand Rain Emperor and Cha Man Emperor were confused about the layout, they noticed the three chairs alongside the table and sat down casually.

“Blade River,” said Cha Man Emperor. “How many battles have you accepted?”

“I have accepted every challenge issued to me,” said Luo Feng.

Seven Blade Emperor and Thousand Rain Emperor were slightly startled.

“How many is that?” asked Thousand Rain Emperor. “Moments after you entered the open-air square of the World of Glory, you had received tens of thousands of challenges. The number must have climbed up afterward. Besides, by consulting other factions, the great beings of various races in the World of Glory have estimated that you must have accepted over 100,000 battles. It’s hard to count the accurate number because there are too many camps, but the number should be clear in a few days.”

Luo Feng smiled and said, “That’s right. I didn’t receive too many challenges when I was new to World of Glory, but the number snowballed later. In total, I have accepted over 620,000 challenges. Considering that there are over 90 million third-stage inheritors, the fact that less than 1 percent challenged me isn’t surprising.”

“6—620…?” Cha Man Emperor stammered in astonishment. “620,000?”

Thousand Rain Emperor’s jaw dropped.

Even Seven Blade Emperor was speechless for an instant. The number was horrifying. Everyone knew Cha Man Emperor had been here a long time, and he had accepted less than 1,000 challenges in all. When it came to fighting, the human race had to be extremely careful, because humans had already made plenty of enemies among the other races in the universe.

“You can kill emperors at the limit level as a sector lord,” Cha Man Emperor sighed, shaking his head. “You are so famous that it is believed that you are to be an unforgettable peerless talent. That is why those confident heirs of other races, no matter how cautious they are, want to fight you. Since the base number of total inheritors is over 90 million, it is to be expected that over 620,000 of them challenged you.”

“We are here to congratulate you on your 989 victories during your 1,000 battles today,” Thousand Rain Emperor said, laughing.

“Congratulations,” said Cha Man Emperor.

“Earning over 900 glory points in one day,” sighed the Seven Blade Emperor. “That’s sufficient to exchange for nine inheritance opportunities. How I envy you. And this is only the first day of your battles.”

Luo Feng grinned but said to himself, “I still lost 11 times.”

Although his strength was at the peak, it didn’t mean that he was the best of the third-stage inheritors! Among the 1,000 rivals Luo Feng had selected on his first day, there were stronger and weaker ones, but one should have known the different fighting styles or secret techniques that could restrain them. Usually, it was the great beings with confidence who would challenge Luo Feng, and almost every great being on the top level on Bauhinia Island had invited Luo Feng to fight. And Luo Feng had accepted every challenge.

Luo Feng’s heart was filled with pride. “I don’t care about losing a few glory points,” he said. “After combating against so many heirs of other races, the losses are worthwhile.”

The second day, Luo Feng continued fighting.

By reading their black books, the heirs of other races could see Luo Feng’s battle records. On the ranking list of third-stage heirs, the numbers of wins and losses were clearly listed.

That day, Luo Feng fought another 1,000 battles. He did so again on the third day. 1,000 battles every day. Then Luo Feng would take a break after fighting and continue likewise the next day!

He kept fighting in this way, and thanks to his extremely high winning rates, Luo Feng’s glory points skyrocketed, stunning numerous heirs of other races. Soon, it had been proven that Blade River Emperor was one of the best of all 90 million third-stage inheritors. As a result, many heirs who had wished to humiliate Blade River Emperor started to deeply regret their decision to challenge him. Unfortunately for them, they couldn’t withdraw now that Luo Feng had accepted their challenges. Even if someone chose not to fight, one glory point would be deduced automatically.

Chapter 959

On the open-air square of the World of Glory, millions of heirs flipped through their black books frequently, viewing Luo Feng’s combat records within the ranking of third-stage heirs. Today was the third day since Luo Feng commenced accepting his challenges. He had fought 2,700 battles. “2,682 wins, 18 losses” was his latest record.

“Why is this Blade River Emperor so powerful?” asked one challenger. “It seems I am going to lose one of my glory points. I have always been very cautious when it comes to inviting others to fight in the battle world. I never choose anyone who ranks higher than me. I have tried my best to choose the weaker ones or someone on essentially the same level as me, at best. Thanks to my caution, I have collected 51 glory points till this day. Now, I’m going to lose a point just like that? At this speed, the Blade River Emperor must have collected plenty of glory points.”

“You don’t say,” said a great, sea-monster-looking being with dozens of tentacles. He seemed rather bitter. “I think I am going to lose my glory point to Luo Feng as well. Who would have known that this human was so strong? Alas!”

“The hundreds of thousands of inheritors that have challenged him to fight shall suffer great losses.”

“Although I didn’t challenge him, I could understand everyone’s thinking,” offered another. “How pleasant it would be to humiliate the legendary Blade River Emperor, who is such a powerful sector lord, even without any external assistance. He is absolute…”

Almost every conversation in the open-air square was about Blade River Emperor. The inheritors were incredibly irritated. Even as the heirs spoke, Luo Feng’s winning rates went up sharply.

2,779 wins, 19 losses.

2,789 wins, 19 losses.

2,811 wins, 19 losses.

2,889 wins, 19 losses.

The heirs, who had to fight so hard to gain one glory point, now felt rather embarrassed. If the Blade River Emperor had shown his strength in the world of battle from the beginning, never would so many heirs have sacrificed their glory points to challenge him.

The heirs treasured their glory points dearly, but regret was futile.

“Perhaps Blade River Emperor is just an outlier,” said one heir, sighing deeply. “It’s unusual to collect glory points in such a great amount.”

How could one ever hope to be like Luo Feng? Firstly, they would have to be famous among the billions of races in the universe. Few great beings had enjoyed fame to this extent. Secondly, they would have to be sector lords. Otherwise, the heirs of other races would not challenge them so readily. The heirs were not stupid; only when facing sector-lord-level heirs would these peerless talents believe they could win.

In the history of the Ancestral God School, Luo Feng was not the only sector lord who had arrived at the Land of Inheritance, but few sector lords had done this. Among these few sector lords, two were very famous, but neither had willpower as strong as Luo Feng’s. After these battles, Luo Feng’s strength had convinced numerous heirs on Bauhinia Island. Without any external assistance, Luo Feng, as a sector lord, was able to stand on the peak of the third-stage fighters during combats in the battle world!

Some superpowers of the universe had noticed Luo Feng long ago. Once a large number of challenges began, many heirs sent the information back to their clans.

In front of the magnificent Sky Wolf Palace, roaring sounds trembled the entire area, which was filled with flames as large as fixed stars.

“Kill! Kill! Kill!”

The Master of Sky Wolf’s eyes were fraught with malice. “The human, Blade River Emperor, must not live!”

Lurking among the void before Sky Wolf Palace, the giant snake shadow was alarmed by Master of Sky Wolf’s rage.

“His law comprehension is surprisingly strong to rank as one of the best among the third-stage heirs,” Master of Sky Wolf roared. “He can compare himself with innumerable peerless talents of diverse races! He must be about to fulfill the third stage of beast god inheritance. And as far as law comprehension, he is also close to that of universe knights.”

“As long as he wants to, he can become an undying fighter at any time,” continued Master of Sky Wolf. “Once he has become undying, coupled with his plentiful glory points, his alarming amount of inheritance opportunities from the Ancestral God School—plus with his comprehension, which is very close to that of universe knights—it would be a simple matter for him to become a universe knight! Then it will be difficult to have him killed.”

Master of Sky Wolf issued an order. “Hurry up. Devise a plan and report it to me. We must kill this human quickly.”

“Right,” the giant snake shadow bowed and said respectfully.

Suddenly, Master of Sky Wolf’s green eyes shot out two green rays, landing on the giant snake shadow. “Go,” he said.

Boom.

Removed from this time-space, the giant snake shadow arrived at a time-space beyond Sky Wolf Palace’s control. Then it teleported and vanished.

“Human…” grumbled Master of Sky Wolf as he stood before the palace. His green eyes were constantly flickering with the intention to kill. Among the universe masters of the demon clans, Master of Sky Wolf was surely one of the most cunning and cruel.

“When I saw Blade River Emperor before, I didn’t take him seriously because he was just an insignificant sector lord. Unexpectedly, he can still defeat most of the heirs in the battle world, even without the help of many treasures from the outside world! His law comprehension is amazingly insightful! If he is assisted by a large number of inheritance opportunities…”

Master of Sky Wolf now deemed Blade River Emperor a major threat to demons in the future.

In the mysterious and desolate Star Domain.

In the void, a black ripple expanded outwards in concentric circles. At the core of the black ripple was an enormous black throne standing tens of thousands of miles tall. At the top of the back of the throne, 18 golden skulls of various races were embedded.

The black throne was at the core of the endless black ripple that covered billions of miles of the void. Anyone looking upon this throne might have mistaken it for an endless sea of blood, with its 18 embedded golden skulls howling at all times.

“Master.”

A great being with nine scorpion tails lay on the verge of the ripple. Its voice penetrated the ripple.

“Here is the news from our clan’s heirs in the Ancestral God School. The human, Blade River Emperor, has agreed to engage in hundreds of thousands of fights. Currently, he has only lost 19 out of 2,781 battles. He is, without a doubt, the best of the best emperor-undying-level inheritors on Bauhinia Island. And it is predicted that he will be able to exchange his points for a surprising amount of inheritance opportunities. It is highly possible that he will become a universe knight in the future.”

“Haha…”

Soul-penetrating laughter was heard from the black throne, causing the previously calm time-space to tremble and stirring up a black wave, as if innumerable black dragons were chasing one another and wandering in the void.

“A peerless talent has emerged from the human race,” said the voice, “and he is about to become a peerless great being. It is not us, the prison clan, but the human race’s neighbors—the automaton race, demon race and bug clan—who are most anxious about this situation. Haha! Just wait and see. The assassination attempts targeting this human peerless talent are about to begin. I look forward to seeing whether this human will become a peerless great being after the brutal obstacles… or fail miserably along the way. Haha! Go. Go.”

The laughter from the black throne echoed in the time-space. At the end of the black wave, the great being with nine scorpion tails bowed and vanished.

The creatures of the “prison race,” one of the six pinnacle races, had their roots in a peculiarly dangerous place of the universe, but they had survived the perilous place and made a name for themselves. The physiques, appearances, and the life essences of these prison race great beings varied; some were rock creatures while others were made of flesh and blood. But they shared one thing in common. They were all born in that peculiarly dangerous place. A place that they called “Prison,” from which they took their name.

Forged by numerous crystals, a cluster of magnificent palaces covered a region in several light years. Within the cluster of crystal palaces, planets, fixed stars, and neutron stars were like ornaments embedded everywhere.

A high tower among the palaces stood 3.2 light years tall. Its razor-sharp spire shot a bright ray upward into the depths of the boundless, starry sky. Everywhere this ray traveled, a hole would be pierced on any planet or fixed star. The power of this ray could reach almost the entire starfield before it completely declined.

Many great beings resided within the cluster of palaces. In front of the tower, two universe knights stood guard. They had impeccable appearances and perfect bodies forged by crystals. Their heights were almost the same, and they both wore dark-green ancient armor that emitted formidable force. Between their eyebrows, they both had a golden eye issuing invisible waves in all directions and supervising the vast areas around the high tower.

Inside the tower.

“My lord, that is how the situation is,” a great being said, kneeling in the hall.

Above the hall stood a great being with a gleaming, crystal-cast godly body, dressed in a resplendent golden robe. As the golden eye between his eyebrows gazed below, it seemed that the heart of the universe knight below was pierced through.

“How interesting,” said the great being, and though the voice was gentle, it possessed a persuasive power. “The human race usually wins due to their large population, and every human possesses tremendous potential. How unexpected that such a talent has emerged among them. Issue my order that the human, Blade River Emperor, has been listed as an ‘invincible’ level creature of another race.”

“Yes, my lord.”

Powerhouses of the universe including as the six pinnacle races, the space beast alliances, and the northern border alliances had all received the news.

At the summit of Thunder Island in the virtual universe was the Palace of Primal Chaos Energy. A blurry phantom stood before the palace. And then, he walked into the center of the hall and said respectfully, “Primal Chaos City Leader, assassination attempts against Luo Feng are almost a certainty. How should we handle this operation? Please give us your instructions.”

“Assassinations?” said the voice of the Primal Chaos City Leader. “Shadow, how can you be so sure?”

Startled, the blurry phantom said, “Blade River Emperor has agreed to fight over 620,000 battles. And don’t you know about the results of his latest 3,000 battles? I sent you messages long ago.”

“Luo Feng has accepted 620,000 battles?”

The figure dressed in golden globe walked out from the Primal Chaos Energy. It was the Primal Chaos City Leader. As he touched the void slightly, three messages fell one by one. Obviously, he had read none of the messages the Shadow Emperor had sent him.


Chapter 960: Kill Him!

Primal Chaos City Leader had an extremely high status both within the human race and the Hong Alliance, so lots of issues would go to the city leader directly through virtual messages. However, there were different classifications of mail, and the leader would only read the urgent mail. Under ordinary circumstances, the leader would read them when he was free.

Shadow Emperor was in charge of the intelligence department of the virtual universe company and the Hong Alliance. He was one of the universe overlords. The news of Luo Feng, as in Blade River Emperor, was known by the seniors of the human race. Shadow Emperor, of course, also knew about it.

“What?” Primal Chaos City Leader said in surprise, holding the messages. “He won 2,979 times out of 3,000 battles?”

“Yes, Primal Chaos City Leader,” Shadow Emperor said with veneration.

“I didn’t expect him to achieve that.” Primal Chaos City Leader was indeed thrilled. The top ones out of the 90 million heirs were all equals. Luo Feng could either win or lose when he was fighting his rivals.

“Luo Feng has a bright future ahead of him.” Shadow Emperor, who was in charge of Hong Alliance intelligence department and known for his indifference and eerie presence, smiled.

“Haha… More than 26,000 battles!” The Primal Chaos City Leader laughed, and his voice echoed in the palace. “If he keeps the winning rate, god knows how many glory points he will earn. He can trade 100 glory points for one inheritance, and he can get numerous inheritances. The Ancestral God School might cultivate a supreme being of our human race this time.”

No one doubted that even the demon race, prison race, and other superpowers in the universe thought that if nobody stopped Blade River Emperor, he would grow to be a supreme being of the human race! A terrifying creature! Nobody could tell how long that would take. That was why they needed to kill him before he reached that stage.

“Primal Chaos City Leader, not only could Luo Feng earn a great many inheritances with such a winning rate, but he also shows how deep his comprehension of laws is,” Shadow Emperor said with a slight bow. “The bug race, the demon race, and the automaton race will no doubt try to assassinate him in the near future—before Luo Feng can become a universe knight. City Leader, what should we do about it?”

“Assassinate him?” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded and said, “The demon race, the bug race, and the automaton race have all sorts of methods to do that. However, my disciple is now in the Ancestral God School, and they can do virtually nothing about it. The only feasible way for them is to ask the powerful heirs to kill Luo Feng.”

“Yes.” Shadow Emperor nodded.

The Ancestral God School could not be infiltrated. Peak races like the demon race would rather Luo Feng became a supreme being than risk sending someone to trespass there.

“I’ll deal with it,” the Primal Chaos City Leader said. “And have some faith in my disciple.”

“I’ll leave now.” Shadow Emperor bowed.

“Go.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded.

Shadow Emperor had become the person in charge of the intelligence department of the Hong Alliance because he was from the virtual universe company. The virtual universe’s terrific efficiency of information sharing attracted the other races in the universe to place spies within it and classified communications methods, even though they were often cracked and cost the other races dearly.

That was why he had become the person in charge of the intelligence department of the Hong Alliance so quickly after being in charge of the intelligence department of the virtual universe. His power was so enormous that it could rival the some of the palace leaders within the Hong Alliance.

The bug race, the demon race, and the automaton race had stopped observing. The bug race had already come up with a plan to commit the assassination of Luo Feng.

Inside the virtual universe of the bug race.

Surrounded the endless clouds and mist was a beautiful floating island. There lived one bug clan queen after another, all of them with beautiful wings resembling butterflies and transparent bodies like crystals. As they played, their figures were so breathtaking that other creatures could not help but want to protect them.

“Look, it’s one of the other races,” said one of the queens.

“It’s Kong Wan clan from our bug race alliance,” said another.

The bug clan queens looked at a figure with prominent cuticles wearing a mask. Dressed in ancient black armor, the powerful warrior from the Kong Wan clan arrived at the center of the island in no time. On the island stood a palace made of wood.

The door opened, and the masked warrior of the Kong Wan clan walked in without being stopped by the guards.

“Greetings, universe master, from Jue Guang of Kong Wan clan,” said the masked figure with a bow.

On the wooden throne in the palace sat a beautiful creature that could mesmerize even the most powerful souls. A colorful mist surrounded her.

“Jue Guang Knight,” she said. Her voice was clear and melodious. “Do you know what I want you to do for me?”

“I do,” Jue Guang Knight answered with veneration.

“Do you have anything to say?” the one sitting on the throne asked.

“Universe master chose me because, firstly, I’m an heir,” Jue Guang Knight said. “Secondly, I’ve decided to give up on the beast god path because I didn’t make enough improvements, and I’m planning to follow the path of space and time. Thirdly, I have my alternative bodies. And finally, as one of the Kong Wan clan, I’m proficient in mind control. It’ll be most cost effective for me to assassinate Blade River Emperor.”

“Yes, you are indeed the most suitable one out of everyone in bug race alliance,” said the creature on the throne. “However, you shall pay a huge price. Losing one of the bodies of a universe knight will cost you dearly. Besides, you’ll lose the opportunity to inherit and step into the Ancestral God School forever.”

Jue Guang Knight stood still, listening respectfully.

“The alliance will compensate you for everything you’ll lose,” the beautiful creature said. “Do you have any idea how you will assassinate him?”

“Based on what I know, Blade River Emperor has been accepting challenges, and he stays in his palace the rest of the time,” Jue Guang Knight said. “An heir has absolute control over its own palace. If anyone dares to trespass, the five-color aurora lake will attack the trespasser and kill it instantly. I can only wait for the human to step out.”

“Will you lure him out?” asked the creature on the throne.

“The most tedious way—but also the best way—is simply to wait for the human to step out,” Jue Guang Knight said respectfully.

The beautiful creature looked down at Jue Guang Knight and smiled. “You are calm. However, I have to remind you that you had better utilize mind control over Blade River Emperor. Once you take his mind, the humans might turn back time and resurrect him. Of course, you can also choose to kill him directly if you can’t control his mind.”

“Yes,” Jue Guang Knight answered respectfully.

Bauhinia Island.

Jue Guang Knight walked slowly while all the other heirs tried to keep their distance from him, showing respect for a universe knight, who demanded deference. Jue Guang Knight was pleased by this. However, he frowned when he saw the distant palace resembling Earth’s Jiang Nan.

“I’m a universe knight here,” he said. “However, to creatures in my clan and the bug race alliance, I’m nothing compared to that human. The only way to kill Blade River Emperor is to allow myself to be killed by the five-color aurora lake. The most terrifying proposition is to then be confined to living a secret life ever after, or being confined only to the territory of bug race; otherwise, the human race will kill me to revenge their peerless talent… Pathetic!”

Jue Guang Knight felt helpless and hopeless. Even his clan couldn’t resist the order of the bug race, let alone him. Perhaps he was indeed powerful on an individual level, but he was nothing compared to the peak creatures of the universe.

Two days later.

The shadowy, snake-like creature stood the peak of a mountain and looked down.

“Sacrifice myself to kill him… Master of Sky Wolf promised to bring me back by reserving the time. However, I will lose the opportunity to follow the beast god path forever even if I’m resurrected. Also, I’ll be hunted until the end of time by the human race.”

He could practically still hear the roaring of the Master of Sky Wolf. “Kill him!”

The automaton race, the demon race, and the bug race had all sent their powerful ones. However, they had all sent knights of other races rather than those from their own races. They had to pay the other races rather than be too tyrannical in their demands. That was the price of preserving the alliance.

Time passed, and Luo Feng continued to fight 1,000 battles a day, as was his routine.

The demon race, the bug race, and the automaton race all awaiting the good news. They all knew that humans had already perceived that they would try to assassinate Luo Feng. However, they thought that unless Blade River Emperor hid in his palace or was guarded by a universe knight every time he stepped out of his palace, someone would surely make good on the first chance to kill him.

Rumble!

In the world of battle, Luo Feng, clothed in black armor, flew above a city in ruins. He had black wings on his back, and as he waved his hands, 600 golden balls flew back.

After almost two years and more than 620,000 battles, Luo Feng had finally finished them all.

“All the battles are finished,” Luo Feng whispered as he looked at the waves of godly power afar.


Chapter 961: Ambush on All Sides

On Bauhinia Island, there were plenty of palaces for the heirs from different races. Several thousand miles away from Luo Feng’s mansion, there was an ancient mansion like a massive dead tree, which was the residence for an emperor-level heir from the bug clan. On top of the manor, a universe knight stood silently.

“Orders from the alliance,” said the Light Perception Knight to the emperor-level heir. “I am to stay at your palace temporarily, and you must not divulge this information.”

“Yes,” the heir replied respectfully. “Knight, if you want me to do anything for you, please tell me. I will be in the silent room.”

“All right. Off you go.” The Light Perception Knight nodded.

After the heir left, the Light Perception Knight was the only one on the top floor. Sitting with his legs crossed, he looked over the railings at the space before Blade River Emperor’s mansion in the distance.

“Although the bug clan alliance has nearly 10,000 heirs on Bauhinia Island, only a few dozen of them can see Blade River Emperor’s mansion clearly from their dwellings,” Light Perception Knight said to himself. “This is the only way to watch over him. Once Blade River Emperor comes out, I can spot him. Today, his battles come to an end. He will probably come out.”

Light Perception Knight stared at Luo Feng’s mansion. In total, 626,183 heirs had challenged Luo Feng. Only days after Luo Feng commenced his battles, various clans had contacted each other and confirmed that this was the correct number. As Luo Feng fought 1,000 battles every day, today was the day he was scheduled to finish all the battles.

With a bit of his consciousness connecting to the World of Glory, Light Perception Knight looked at Luo Feng’s ever-changing battle records in the black book.

“The last 32 battles,” he muttered.

At the thought of Luo Feng’s formidable battle records, Light Perception Knight couldn’t help but have mixed feelings. The tremendous number of glory points owned by Luo Feng was simply unbelievable, rendering Light Perception Knight envious. Prior to Blade River Emperor, no others had ever gained this many glory points.

“If the rest of the great beings knew that you were so powerful, they wouldn’t challenge you unless they were confident enough to win,” Light Perception Knight said to himself. “If I could possess these glory points, I might have the chance to become a Universe Overlord.”

He checked the book again. “All the battles have concluded.” With his eyes lit up, Light Perception Knight stared at Luo Feng’s mansion more intensively.

Apart from the three knights sent from the automaton clan, the bug clan, and the demon clan, several great beings from other powerhouses were also watching silently. Though they did not step in, they didn’t mind viewing a significant battle. Those powerhouses had already speculated that the three pinnacle races adjacent to the human race would not allow Blade River Emperor to continue growing stronger.

Only the toughest side would survive this battle.

Everyone was waiting silently. One hour went by. Then two hours. Then three hours…

Including the Light Perception Knight, the three knights were hidden in three different places where they could observe Blade River Emperor’s mansion. All of them waited patiently, including the great beings of the other powerhouses.

“Perhaps Blade River Emperor is tired after fighting continuously for so long. He will probably come out soon.”

A day went by. Then two days. Then three days…

Finally, the universe knights and emperor-level heirs that had been continuously staring at Luo Feng’s mansion became a bit restless.

Is Blade River Emperor going to hide in his mansion forever? they wondered. But he must go out to accept his inheritances at the inheritance passageway before the Palace of Bauhinia Island, right?”

The other clans were quite bewildered. But the fact was, Luo Feng had never come out.

The Virtual Universe, the Nine Star Bay of Black Dragon Mountain.

For the past few days, Luo Feng had done nothing but spend time with his family. Although he was insanely persistent about his cultivation, he could not neglect his family, and he admitted that he owed them a lot.

“Dad, you know what?” said Luo Ping with a laugh. “Younger brother caused big troubles while adventuring in the universe. But what’s amazing was that the sovereign of Ganwu, the most powerful being in the Ganwu universe, saved him!”

Xu Xin couldn’t help but say, “Luo Feng, discipline your son. He indeed has made a mess this time.”

“What’s the matter?” Luo Feng looked at his son, Luo Hai, curiously.

“Nothing,” said Luo Hai. “I just wanted to make a name for myself with my strength without showing off my identity while adventuring in the universe. And then I pissed someone off.” Luo Hai pursed his lips. “He was very arrogant because he had an undying-level emperor teacher. So what? My dad is the disciple of the Primal Chaos City Leader! Why should I be afraid of that douchebag?”

“So, you guys fought?” Luo Feng also smiled.

Luo Hai nodded. “Yes. That idiot was barely able to beat me, all right? However, his undying-level emperor teacher showed up in the end. Furiously, he attacked me, and the plants that I brought with me were no match for him. Because I was adventuring with my friends from Ganwu, the news that we got involved in a fight with that douchebag traveled back to Ganwu swiftly. Unexpectedly, the sovereign of Ganwu showed up in person and protected us.”

Luo Feng was a bit surprised that, over the course of 10,000 years, his son had, for the first time, provoked a great being who was an undying-level emperor.

“Be more cautious next time,” said Luo Feng.

Since his son Luo Hai wanted to follow his path and become a great being, it was expected that he would encounter some dangers and setbacks. All his son could do was remain alert.

“Luo Feng, the sovereign of Ganwu, has treated our family well,” said Xu Xin. “Not only did he save Luo Hai a few years ago, but he also bestowed us a large patch of territories as big as 12 starfields a year ago. What’s more, those territories were the 12 starfields around our hometown, Black Dragon Mountain Starfield. The royals of the Ganwu universe were the ones who had made such an arrangement to compensate the royals of those 12 starfields.”

“A year ago?” Luo Feng was a bit startled. At that time, he had been halfway through his battles against the 620,000 heirs.

It seems that the sovereign of Ganwu is well-informed, said Luo Feng to himself.

Without visiting Luo Feng, the Ganwu Emperor had quietly helped the Luo family time and again, and had even saved Luo Feng’s son Luo Hai. Usually, the Ganwu Emperor would not know about such a triviality as Luo Hai and his friends being in danger. Apparently, the Ganwu Emperor must have instructed that any information about Luo Hai be delivered to him directly. That was the only explanation for why the Ganwu Emperor could arrive at the battlefield so swiftly.

“Emperor of Ganwu, I will remember your favor,” Luo Feng said to himself.

Nine days had passed since Luo Feng had finished his battles. On Bauhinia Island, the great beings of the various races that wanted to kill Luo Feng were still waiting patiently for him to come out.

Luo Feng’s mansion, in a pavilion close to a lake.

Filled with enormous pride, Luo Feng held a wine glass and said to himself, “621,081 wins and 5,102 losses. Over 610,000 glory points. With every 100 glory points, I can exchange for one inheritance opportunity. Haha! Those heirs of other clans planned to humiliate me, but it is I who have benefited significantly. Every single one of my 620,000 or so rivals were peerless talents, but only six were undoubtedly stronger than me. Though plenty other rivals defeated me, they got lucky—just as I was lucky enough to beat other heirs.”

In respect to accumulated points, Luo Feng ranked first! After all, his 621,081 wins were an impressive feat. The great being who ranked second only had 9,822 wins. In terms of win-loss ratio, this runner-up—who had won 9,822 times and lost only three times—was far better than Luo Feng.

In summary, six of the nine most potent third-stage heirs had battled against Luo Feng. Besides that, nearly 10,000 heirs whose power had been on the same level as Luo Feng had fought him.

“After so many battles, I have gained more comprehension about the Dao of Beast God. Nevertheless… There’s no rush for me to accept my inheritances, for it’s only been two years since my last inheritance. I need to concentrate on internalizing the experience I have gained from these 620,000 battles before I receive the inheritances. Through this opportunity, I should completely understand the third-stage inheritance. After that, I can set out to search for the special life suitable for my third body.”

Luo Feng had made detailed plans a long time ago and couldn’t afford any sloppiness. Without any hesitation, Luo Feng sat with his legs crossed and started to study the Dao of Beast God above the pavilion near a lake.

On Bauhinia Island, Light Perception Knight and the other two knights still waited anxiously for Luo Feng to appear. The heirs from other powerhouses had already given up. Many of them cursed Luo Feng secretly.

“He has been hiding in his house without going out,” they said. “What a hideous and spineless human. But with so many glory points, how could you not go to the Land of Inheritance?”

One year past. Then two years. Three years…

100 years.

200 years.

300 years…

In the beginning, the Light Perception Knight observed Luo Feng’s mansion with his full attention for three years. He also cursed him secretly. Later, as he started to cultivate, he only used a bit of his consciousness to watch over Luo Feng and didn’t bother to curse the human anymore.

As time went by, the Light Perception Knight brought out an intelligent robot and opted to let the robot supervise Luo Feng’s mansion. He didn’t want to watch Luo Feng’s dwelling place any longer.

“Just wait,” he muttered. “One day, you will go to receive inheritances, and I’ll be waiting for you.”

Light Perception Knight had no other option but to wait.

In a blink of an eye, 900 years had passed.

“Wow! 900 years of contemplation,” Luo Feng said joyfully. “Those 620,000 battles were especially beneficial to me. I have achieved amazing progress in space law comprehension and beast god conception. And I am close to fulfilling the third stage of the Dao of Beast God.”

Luo Feng had been cultivating the law of the fusion of space and gold. By comprehending fusion, Luo Feng had also gained more insights about space.

Now, both my original earthling body and my golden-horned beast second body can teleport, he thought. But I still need to comprehend the other two major aspects regarding space law.

Suddenly, Luo Feng stood up.

“Time to go out. If I go to receive inheritances now, I believe that I can fulfill my Third Volume right away.”

Luo Feng looked at the gate to his mansion in the distance.

Moments later.

Amid the silence, Luo Feng pulled open his mansion’s gate, which issued a squeaking sound, and walked out with a smile. At this time, no heirs were personally watching Luo Feng’s residence; even the three universe knights had arranged robots or slaves to do their job, who now reported the news.

“My lord, the door is open.”

“My lord, Blade River Emperor has come out.”

“My lord, he is here.”

With a great shudder, the three universe knights in three dwellings on Bauhinia Island woke up. In an instant, several other heirs who had also sent out slaves or robots to monitor Blade River Emperor’s mansion were on the move as well!


Chapter 962: Assassinate! Luo Feng Died!

Light Perception Knight heard his intelligent robot servant scream eagerly. He opened his eyes and saw Luo Feng step out of the door.

“Blade River Emperor!”

Hostility flashed through Light Perception Knight’s eyes, and murderous rage filled his heart. He had waited 900 years for this moment.

“A universe knight for a sector lord. You should be flattered, Blade River Emperor!”

Light Perception Knight suddenly disappeared.

The seniors from Northern Territory Alliance, Prison Race Alliance, and the Nine Territory Alliance stared at the palace of Blade River Emperor. The seniors had clear orders, and the demon race, the automaton race, and the bug race would send assassins to kill the human, Blade River Emperor.

“Do you think it will be the doom of Blade River Emperor or the loss of the three peak races?” they mused.

“How will they kill Blade River Emperor?”

Over 10,000 heirs were watching in secret, holding their breath.

Luo Feng walked out the door with a smile on his face. He waved his hands, and the door closed.

Without any warning, a huge figure appeared in front of Luo Feng. It was a beast from another race, and it was covered with mud. Its eyes looked misty but filled with aggressiveness.

Rumble!

The beast fluttered towards Luo Feng at an incredibly fast speed. Its body emanated an aura that could tremble the surroundings. Its godly body was burning.

“Um…” said Luo Feng.

Light Perception Knight witnessed the beast covered with mud appearing by teleportation. He was dazed. Mud Swallowing Knight!

Light Perception Knight was sharp enough to evade the scene by flying a thousand miles away.

“That Mud Swallowing Knight is trying to kill Blade River Emperor too?” Light Perception Knight was surprised. “I’ll watch first. I only teleported nearby, without attacking him first, so the five-color aurora lake wouldn’t I planned to kill Luo Feng. I’ll see how this plays out.”

Luo Feng was attacked by Mud Swallowing Knight’s burning godly body the moment he stepped out of his palace.

“Shi Wu Wing!” Luo Feng shouted, his body trembling. Wings appeared at his back, and he tried to dodge the attack.

Rumble!

A beam of godly power drilled into Luo Feng’s brain, trying to control Luo Feng.

“Trying to make me a slave?” said Luo Feng. “It won’t be that easy!”

Luo Feng had an incredibly firm will. Under the attack of the godly power, Luo Feng’s soul wasn’t tempted at all.

“Went!”

Tower Pearl was guarding the beast god soul and defended it from that godly power. Mud Swallowing Knight, who had moved quite close to Luo Feng, was surprised to find that he had failed to control Blade River Emperor’s mind. He was a universe knight, and even burning his godly body wasn’t enough to do it.

Rumble!

The five-color aurora lake, which was normally tranquil, started to vibrate fiercely. Traces of aurora dove toward Mud Swallowing Knight. However, Mud Swallowing knight was already burning his godly body before Luo Feng, and he was speedy. He didn’t even glance at the terrifying five-color aurora.

“Die!” Mud Swallowing Knight opened his mouth.

Hua La!

His enormous tongue, covered with drops of muddy water, came at Luo Feng like a charging wall. This was one of his talent techniques. His tongue had tremendous eroding power. Even universe knights’ godly bodies couldn’t resist it.

Luo Feng’s Shi Wu Wing was indeed fast, but it couldn’t compare to a universe knight’s burning godly body. Mud Swallowing Knight stuck out his tongue like a frog, and it struck fast as lightning. Luo Feng was captured before he could move a muscle.

Heng!

Luo Feng looked at Mud Swallowing Knight the second he was captured. Mud Swallowing Knight disregarded it.

The second that giant tongue entangled Luo Feng, the eroding power went to work. Shi Wu Wing wasn’t eroded in the slightest, but Luo Feng’s armor immediately started to crack. Holes were burned through it.

The tongue ate through the armor and lashed against Luo Feng’s body like a whip. The eroding power didn’t kill Luo Feng, but the force was extraordinary.

Rumble!

Even with Luo Feng’s defending power, his body could not stand up to the powerful attack. In an instant, he was annihilated—his body turned into nothing. All that was left was his broken armor, his complete wings, the tower pearl, the star map, a drop of general soul, and his solid world ring.

Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua!

Five color auroras dived. They were like beams of lightning arrows, and they locked the surrounding space, preventing Mud Swallowing from teleporting himself to freedom. He was within the range of five-color aurora lake.

“Haha…” Mud Swallowing Knight lifted his head and roared. He stared at the diving aurora. There was no shame in dying at the hands of the guarding true treasure of the Ancestral God School.

The auroras were over 10,000 kilometers long. However, they were shrinking as they fell, narrowing to the size of arrows.

Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu!

The arrows pierced through Mud Swallowing Knight’s body. Instantly, most of the body vanished like foam. A moment after that, what little remained also disappeared while the auroras flew back.

Everything went silent.

The five auroras were still flying gradually. The damaged ground in front of Luo Feng’s palace was suddenly fully repaired, as spotless as a snowfield in Ice Hell.

“Dead…” gasped Light Perception Knight.

He had watched from afar. The five-color aurora lake, ranked among the most powerful true treasures in the universe, was so mighty that it had annihilated a universe knight instantly. The five-color aurora lake was indeed terrifically forceful.

Light Perception Knight felt fortunate, scared, and regretful all at once.

Anyway, now that Blade River Emperor is dead, I’ll report back to the bug race, Light Perception Knight thought.

The heirs watching the events from afar were all dazed.

“Blade River Emperor died? Just like that?”

“He’s dead?”

“He was annihilated!”

And they began to spread the news.

Among the stars, Master of Sky Wolf received the news almost at the same time.

“Haha! Mud Swallowing Knight killed Blade River Emperor,” he growled gleefully, surrounded by flames. “Haha! He’s dead. That annoying little one is dead. I hope Mud Swallowing Knight managed to control his mind before he was killed. Either way, I’ve achieved my goal. The Primal Chaos City Leader was trying to protect that human all this time. What a shame. Even the Primal Chaos City Leader wouldn’t dare trespass on the holy grounds of the Ancestral God School.”

Master of Sky Wolf stood in front of Sky Wolf Palace and roared joyfully, shaking all of the surrounding space, exhilarated not only because the human genius had been destroyed, but because he had finally gained his revenge.

On Bauhinia Island, lots of flying shadows approached. Almost all the heirs from the various races came out of their palaces. The energy waves created by Mud Swallowing Knight’s burning godly body had been massive, and the auroras from the five-color aurora lake had rocked the surrounding space. Everyone knew that something terrible had happened.

“What happened?” said Seven Blade Emperor as he arrived. He had teleported himself to Luo Feng’s palace the second he sensed the waves caused by a universe knight’s burning godly power. He had witnessed the auroras killing Mud Swallowing Knight, but Mud Swallowing Knight’s tongue had shrouded Luo Feng’s body by the time he’d made it there, so Seven Blade Emperor hadn’t even seen Luo Feng.

“Who did Mud Swallowing Knight kill? Why did the auroras come down?” Seven Blade Emperor asked, confused.

“Seven Blade Emperor,” answered several onlookers.

Cha Man Emperor, Li Li Emperor, and Thousand Rain Emperor all arrived via teleportation.

“Who died?” asked Thousand Rain Emperor. “Who did the five-color aurora lake kill?”

They were less informed than Seven Blade Emperor and hadn’t even witnessed the death of Mud Swallowing Knight.

“It was Mud Swallowing Knight,” said Seven Blade Emperor, “but I don’t know who he killed—ah!”

Seven Blade Emperor’s eyes went wide as he noticed the treasures scattered in front of the palace. They belonged to Mud Swallowing Knight and Luo Feng. Mud Swallowing Knight had known he was going to die. Hence, he had left his precious treasures elsewhere. Luo Feng, on the other hand, had left quite a few. The most eye-catching one was the set of giant silver wings. Blade River Emperor was known for those wings, and rumor had it that the wings were a true treasure.

“Those wings… it was Blade River Emperor!” Seven Blade Emperor was dazed. He had already made up his mind to surpass Blade River Emperor, never expecting that something like this would happen. “It was Blade River Emperor who died. Blade River Emperor was killed by Mud Swallowing Knight!”

The voices of discussions among the other races came from afar. The sector lord who had garnered widespread fame across the universe—the heir who had gone through 620,000 battles and won a considerable number of glory points only two years after stepping in the land of inheritance—had just died? The news shocked every race.

“That was the wing left by the late Blade River Emperor,” the onlookers said.

“A true treasure, that wing.”

“Yes, you’re right. That wing is a true treasure.”

Lots of the heirs from other races were stupefied by the news that Blade River Emperor had just been killed. However, lots of cheering was heard, and even those universe knights watching the fight from afar were staring at the objects in front of Luo Feng’s palace, especially those huge silver wings. The temptation of a true treasure couldn’t be overstated.


Chapter 963: Anyone Who Touches It Shall Be Killed

The numerous heirs and universe knights floating in midair all stared at the eye-catching, giant silver wings before the manor gate, all eager to claim them.

“That is a true treasure,” said a universe knight. “If I could get one, it would be so valuable that I wouldn’t need to come to the Land of Inheritance ever again.”

A creaking sound.

Surprisingly, the closed gate to Luo Feng’s mansion opened again, startling the numerous heirs in the distance. Wasn’t Blade River Emperor dead? Why was his gate opening from the inside?

An emperor-level, undying great being, whose godly body seemed like being carved of diamonds, stood at the gate in green armor. It was Luo Feng’s slave, Honed Heart Emperor.

“Heirs,” said Honed Heart Emperor loudly. “Blade River Emperor is not dead. You are not permitted to touch his treasure. If any of you touches it, you are essentially stealing from Blade River Emperor. I believe that every heir present understands the rules of the Ancestral God School. The five-color aurora lake protects every heir. If any of you dares to kill another heir, you will be attacked and annihilated. Seizing the treasures from other heirs is just as grievous a crime as assailing and killing them. By doing so, you will also be destroyed.”

Tens of millions of heirs looked at Honed Heart Emperor who dared not step out from the manor gate.

The rumbling voice of a demon clan heir spoke up. “Blade River Emperor is not dead? How do you know that? And who are you, anyway? I have never met you on Bauhinia Island before.”

“I am Blade River Emperor’s soul slave,” said Honed Heart Emperor. “I have never left this mansion. If my master Blade River Emperor is dead, then so am I. If I am alive, it means that my master is also alive. I say again, none of you shall touch my master’s treasure. If you touch it, you will be stealing from a fellow heir, and the five-color aurora lake will kill you.”

Honed Heart Emperor’s voice echoed through the air of Bauhinia Island.

Tens of millions of heirs hesitated. If they stole a treasure from a living heir, they would certainly be killed. But if an heir was dead, his treasure would become ownerless and up for grabs to anyone.

Swish!

A figure dove at the silver wings. In the blink of an eye, a stream of black light had arrived at the mansion gate.

“I will make the most out of a bad situation,” announced the black, shadowy figure. “Having been trapped in the last step for billions of years without achieving any results, I shall gamble for success this time! I saw with my own eyes that the Blade River Emperor was annihilated. How can I trust the words of someone I don’t even know? Humph! As long as the Blade River Emperor is truly dead and I acquire this pair of valuable wings, no other heirs will dare attack me. Besides, my clan members and I can exchange this true treasure for plenty of resources. Perhaps I can even break through the last phase and become a universe knight!”

“Don’t!” shouted Honed Heart Emperor.

Some greedy heirs were irritated. “We hesitated, and now he is a step ahead of us!” However, they dared not steal the treasure.

“It is mine!” said the black shadow as he grabbed the silver wings.

The moment his sharp claws touched the silver wings, an invisible force froze the area in a space ripple. Mud Swallowing Knight had not been able to escape from this very force last time; neither could the black shadow.

“No!” said the black shadow as he felt himself locked in the space ripple. He issued a shrill cry. He refused to accept his doom! If he died today, all the treasures he had accumulated over many years would be gone. Even if his clan members resurrected him in the future, he would have lost his opportunity for inheritance. It had already been difficult for him to break through to the last step. He would only be worse off after being resurrected.

Swoosh!

A streak of aurora fell swiftly from the sky. The black shadow dropped the silver wings in his hands, and flew across the sky, trying to escape.

Whiz!

In an instant, the aurora punched a hole through his godly body. And then, like a bubble that had been popped, his godly body vanished. The streak of aurora flew up high again, returning to the endless five-color aurora.

Silence filled all of Bauhinia Island!

“Dead?”

The tens of millions of heirs in midair were dumbfounded. These were the peerless talents of many races, highly confident in their knowledge and abilities. It was impossible for them to blindly believe Honed Heart Emperor’s words. Yet they now saw the truth with their own eyes. The five-color aurora had killed an heir for touching the silver wings. That meant…

Blade River Emperor was still alive!

“Blade River Emperor is still alive?” muttered the Light Perception Knight, looking down at the mansion gate from afar. Eyes fraught with astonishment, he said, “How is this possible? He was obliterated! Does he have multiple bodies?”

It was very rare to possess more than one body in the universe. Though a second body could be created, the strength and breathing of the second body would differ from the original. As a knight, Light Perception Knight would have quickly been able to tell a phony from the real thing. Apparently, it was the original body of Blade River Emperor, not his second body that had been destroyed.

Light Perception Knight had a hard time accepting the idea. “Multiple bodies? I am bestowed with this technique because I am the sacred son of the Kong Wan race. But he is just a human. How can he have that ability?” “What should I do, now that he is still alive?” Light Perception Knight was very anxious.

While the tens of millions of heirs in midair above Bauhinia Island looked at the treasure on the ground in astonishment, a formidable force arrived.

A dragon-like body covered over 6,000 miles. As a pair of giant wings unfolded, and the dragon head of the creature extended and looked downward. Suddenly, the tens of millions of heirs landed on the ground and bowed respectfully.

“Master of the island,” they said in greeting.

It was the guarding beast god of Bauhinia Island who had arrived!

The guarding beast god’s voice was a guttural rumble. “How dare that universe knight attempt to assassinate Blade River Emperor at the vital center of the Ancestral God School? For blatantly violating the rules of the Ancestral God School, he deserves to be dead— forever! Even if time and space were reversed, and Mud Swallowing Knight was resurrected, the Ancestral God School would hunt him down and kill him again!”

This formidable force terrified the heirs. How brutal the guarding beast god was!

The Ancestral God School would chase and kill the revived Mud Swallowing Knight? Since the guarding beast god delivered the message, it must represent the opinions of the leaders of the Ancestral God School, thus frightening numerous heirs.

“Luckily for me, I didn’t make a move first,” said Light Perception Knight, shuddering at the thought.

“I can’t believe other heirs would try to snatch Blade River Emperor’s possession,” the guarding beast god said, looking down with cold eyes. “Blade River Emperor’s inheritance token is not broken! Of course he is still alive! Although the Ancestral God School is lenient, once a rule is set, it cannot be challenged. For seizing an item from an heir, that thief deserved to die.”

Meanwhile, in a pavilion of Luo Feng’s mansion. There was a cushion on the ground. The cushion had been transformed from the Mosha body and contained the World Ring. Inside the World Ring was Luo Feng’s core.

In the vast internal world, a naked, black-haired youth hovered high in the upper at the center of the world.

“I did it again,” chuckled Luo Feng. “I can’t believe the other races tried to assassinate me at the cost of a universe knight—and the very moment I went out! They must indeed think highly of me. Too bad they failed; they have only wasted a bit of my energy.”

A battle uniform condensed over the surface of Luo Feng’s body.

After Luo Feng’s 620,000 battles, the news that other races were going to assassinate him spread widely. If other heirs suspected an assassination attempt, how could Luo Feng not have known about it?

But he was very confident. Since he could have more than one body, he had nothing to worry about as long as he kept his core in his mansion, the safest place for him. Even if his original earthling body was destroyed, he could be revived. Furthermore, since his soul did not perish, his inheritance token would not be broken, and the five-color aurora lake would know that he was still alive. In that case, he knew that only he could touch his treasure. If anyone tried to take it, they would be attacked and killed by the five-color aurora lake.

In other words, he had nothing to fear. That was why Luo Feng had exited his manor so intrepidly. Since the Tower Pearl guarded his soul, he was not intimidated by soul control. He had wanted to see what tricks the other races had up their sleeves.

“Apart from the universe knight who attacked me, there was another universe knight who appeared suddenly but withdrew at the last moment,” said Luo Feng. He shook his head. “Regrettably, after this battle, I believe he will be too afraid to attack me. He now knows it is useless to attack me, and he might even get himself killed for his trouble.”

Swish!

Luo Feng left the internal world and arrived at the pavilion of his manor.

The formidable guarding beast god silenced the heirs. Suddenly, they saw the silver wings and other treasures left by Blade River Emperor fly toward Luo Feng’s manor.

These were the treasures melded by Luo Feng, meaning he could easily summon them. The reason his Mosha body did not gather his treasures was that the Mosha clan could not assemble the General Armor and the General Soul. Only a body with flesh and blood could wear the General Armor, and only the soul of an earthling could use the General Soul.

Of course, his golden-horned beast body could also summon his treasures. However, the golden-horned beast was so enormous that if it exited the internal world, it would fill the sky.

Numerous heirs watched the items fly toward Luo Feng’s mansion.

“What?” they said. “Why did the treasures fly inside?”

“Blade River Emperor is not dead,” someone said. “Those are treasures melded by him, of course. He can summon them. But we saw him killed and annihilated, how could he…?”

Tens of millions of emperor-level, undying great beings, plenty of universe knights, and even Seven Blade Emperor stared at Luo Feng’s residence attentively.

Honed Heart Emperor, who had been standing at the gate without stepping out, bowed with respect. “Master!”

A figure had come out of the mansion: a youth from the human race dressed in silver armor and a pair of silver battle boots. The Shi Wu Wings unfolded behind him. It was Blade River Emperor, back from the dead.

Stunned, the heirs from various races watched Luo Feng as he walked out from his manor. They murmured among themselves in hushed voices.

“It’s him! It’s the Blade River Emperor.”

“He is surprisingly safe and sound.”

“Does he have the legendary talent to have multiple bodies?”

Luo Feng bowed to the beast god in the air. “Master of the island,” he greeted.

Looking downward, the guarding beast god answered, “Hmm.”

The great beings who wanted to kill Luo Feng, Light Perception Knight included, were shocked to see Blade River Emperor die and reappear. They now realized that killing Blade River Emperor was thousands of times harder than they had imagined. Meanwhile, the great beings from the human race, such as Seven Blade Emperor and Cha Man Emperor, along with numerous heirs, now realized that Blade River Emperor was exceedingly strong and mysterious.

Chapter 964

964 Only the Soul

“I shall take my leave,” said the guarding beast god floating in the sky above Bauhinia Island, his voice spreading across the entire island. “Remember, Blade River Emperor is an heir of the Ancestral God School. You’ll be hunted down by the Ancestral God School if you attempt to assassinate him.”

“Yes,” said the heirs, bowing as one.

The heirs held their breath didn’t relax until the guarding beast god had disappeared.

“What’s the meaning of this?” someone spoke up. “Throughout the history of the Ancestral God School, there have been killings between heirs, but the Ancestral God School never hunted them down! Why should Mud Swallowing Knight be hunted even after he’s brought back? This is—”

“How silly are you that you can’t even understand this?” someone else cut in. “Apparently, the Ancestral God School gives Blade River Emperor special treatment. Didn’t you see how the Ancestral God School favored Zhu Chong Emperor? Now, they’re favoring Blade River Emperor, too!”

“You mean Blade River Emperor is another Zhu Chong Emperor?”

“Humph! Based on his potential, he might not be inferior to Zhu Chong Emperor once he becomes an undying fighter.”

“Hmm. Either way, the Ancestral God School treats him special.”

The heirs from all the races in the universe continued talking while flying away like beams of light. Most of the heirs only justed, but some of the heirs—particularly those assigned with tasks from their own races—were a bit irritated.

“How am I supposed to kill him?” Light Perception Knight wondered, looking at Luo Feng who stood in front of the palace from afar. He was terribly upset. “There’s no way to kill him now.”

Suddenly, Luo Feng looked up and smirked directly at Light Perception Knight. It was a look that said, “Come kill me if you dare!”

Light Perception Knight knew that the human had already discerned that he was a killer. He teleported himself and disappeared without saying a word.

Luo Feng stood in front of his palace and watched the countless heirs leave. Thoughts flooded his mind. The guarding beast god had said publicly before that Mud Swallowing Knight would be hunted down by the Ancestral God School even after he was brought back. Although Luo Feng’s earthling body had still been in the World Ring at the time, his Mosha body had heard every word of it.

The Ancestral God School gave me special treatment, Luo Feng thought. But on second thought, it seems that I’m not as important as Zhu Chong Emperor in their minds. Zhu Chong Emperor was given two true treasures, whereas I was given none.

Luo Feng turned around and went back to his palace.

“Ai,” said Honed Heart Emperor, and he closed the door.

“Although I was completely safe in the palace, my multi-body technique has now been exposed,” said Luo Feng. “There must be a weakness to the multi-body technique. For safety reasons, my original body had better stay in the human territory.”

Luo Feng walked to one of the side palaces, and the Mosha body had already gone back to the internal world. The ring fell back into Luo Feng’s palms.

He was standing in the side palace when he saw a beam of blurry, golden light, and God Country Transportation was enacted. He saw the boundless God Country on the other side of the golden aisle.

Sou!

The teleportation was over.

Five minutes later, the golden light was on again, and Luo Feng went back.

“Master,” Honed Heart Emperor said, already waiting in the side palace.

Luo Feng laughed and smiled. As his multi-body technique had been exposed, he had sent his core to the primal secret region in the virtual universe. He had assigned Tian Chen Emperor to wear the ring, which held the golden-horned beast body and its core.

“Master,” said another voice.

Luo Feng turned and saw 360 Cloud Contact Vines flying into the side palace. Luo Feng had known that he would be assassinated. Hence, he had chosen not to bring the cloud contact armor.

“I’ll go and take another inheritance,” Luo Feng said. “You, Cloud Contact, shall stay here with Honed Heart Emperor.”

“Master, I’ll go out with you,” said Cloud Contact, vines swinging.

“Although it’s highly unlikely that I’ll be assassinated again, I need to be careful,” Luo Feng said with a smile. “Rest assured I’ll bring you out if I leave on an adventure.”

“Yes,” Cloud Contact answered, and the vines drooped.

Luo Feng walked out of his palace instead of teleporting himself. After a half-hour stroll across Bauhinia Island, he reached the palace of the guarding beast god. Luo Feng, of course, caught countless powerful ones’ attention by walking in the open for so long, including two of the universe knights who had been ordered to kill him. However, they could do nothing about it.

Killing him wasn’t the problem; if they managed to kill him, he would be resurrected again, and their deaths would be in vain. The two universe knights were smart enough not to do that.

Sou!

Luo Feng stepped into the waterfall.

“Blade River Emperor went to take an inheritance,” said one of the universe knights.

“He can take an inheritance whenever he wants,” said the other. “After all, he has over 600,000 glory points. The land of Inheritance has become his territory.”

The heirs of the other races brimmed with jealousy.

While Luo Feng was taking the inheritance, news spread, and all the superpowers of the universe already knew what had happened. The demon race, the bug race, and the automaton race were all infuriated. It was bad enough already that the human was so powerful. Now, he even had the multiple bodies technique! It was unfair that there was such a peerless talent in the human race.

The multiple bodies technique could not be gained by training. It was a technique owned by only some of the races and special organisms. Normally, it was extremely difficult to kill an undying fighter with the multi-body technique, as other bodies could be used to resurrect the killed fighter. The worst that could happen was to lose a great deal of energy in the process.

His adversaries adjusted their plans.

“Universe master, there are no other ways to kill Blade River Emperor except by controlling or eroding his soul. This is the only way to deal with a powerful one with the multi-body technique.”

“Go and make a plan. His sector lord core must be hidden in the safest place of the human race. There’s only one way to kill him, and that’s to control his soul.”

All the supreme beings and superpowers knew that the core was Luo Feng’s weakness as long as he was still a sector lord. However, if he became an undying fighter, the core would become a God Country, which would become his new weakness. A God Country, however, could be hidden in a remote area in an interlayer of space, which would make it almost impossible to find.

An undying fighter with the multi-body technique would usually leave a body in the God Country in case his other bodies were destroyed. In other words, the only way to kill an undying fighter with the multi-body technique was to control their souls.

The soul was the common element that connected different bodies. Different bodies though they were, they had the same will. All three of the bodies of Luo Feng were interconnected, and once one of the souls was controlled, the other two would be, too. If the soul was eroded, the other bodies would be likewise eroded. It worked like a virus.

The Master of Sky Wolf roared in fury. “Mud Swallowing Knight will be hunted by the Ancestral God School even after he’s brought back! They fiercely demand more compensation from our demon race! I’ve already brought Mud Swallowing Knight back as a promise to compensate them. Now they want more?”

The demon race was the most enraged out of all the human race’s enemies. The death of a universe knight had only consumed a fraction of Blade River Emperor’s energy. And perhaps the strength of a world used to recover his body was worth less than a mixed element.

“Mud Swallowing Knight is in a pitiable state,” said his shadowy, snake-like acolyte. “It’s natural that his clan demands more. Master of Sky Wolf, if we refuse to do this, the other races in the alliance will be disappointed.”

“Damn it!” Master of Sky Wolf shouted, furious. He was angry with the humans, particularly Primal Chaos City Leader and Blade River Emperor. He stood in front of the Sky Wolf Palace and stared down at the snake-like acolyte. “You’ll be in charge of the compensation. But now, let me ask you first. Do you have any idea how to kill Blade River Emperor?”

The snake-like acolyte groveled as it said, “The only way is to control his soul.”

“And how can we do that?” Master of Sky Wolf said.

“Master of Sky Wolf, the most upsetting thing now is the order from the Ancestral God School. The school must value that human very much. It wants to train him as a second Zhu Chong Emperor. However, he’s not powerful enough yet, so the Ancestral God School hasn’t revealed how much it favors him. Regardless, the death mark on Mud Swallowing Emperor is already deterring universe knights in the Ancestral God School from killing Blade River Emperor. And besides, there are only a few universe knights of our demon race in the Ancestral God School. The only thing we can do now is wait.”

“Wait? Till when?” Master of Sky Wolf roared.

The giant snake stopped talking.

When indeed. Who knew when? As long as Blade River Emperor remained within the domain of the Ancestral God School, it seemed there was nothing they could do about it. Even the universe knights who were proficient in soul control were afraid of being hunted down by the Ancestral God School as retribution for attacking him. After all, it was the mightiest power in the universe. The universe knights were not afraid of being hunted by the human race, but they were, indeed, afraid of being hunted by the Ancestral God School.

Master of Sky Wolf knew that his acolyte couldn’t answer this question. “Go,” he commanded. He turned around and walked into the Sky Wolf Palace.

Bauhinia Island, the secret land of beast god inheritance.

In a deep valley, Jiu Feng Knight looked at Luo Feng with a smile on his face.

“Congratulations, Blade River Emperor,” he said. “Your name has already disappeared from the third-level heir ranking and has entered into that of a fourth-level heir. You’ve completed the third-level inheritance.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

The 620,000 battles with all the talents from other races had helped him a lot, and together with the 900 years of comprehension and training, he had completed the third-level inheritance at one time. However, Luo Feng had barely gained anything.

“Work hard,” Jiu Feng Knight told him. “All the supreme beings of our human race have high expectations for you. Although I did the same thing on Rong Jun, I have the same expectation for you, too.”

Luo Feng smiled and went back to Bauhinia Island through the portal.


Chapter 965: Departure

The Virtual Universe, in a city of the Hong Alliance.

After receiving the inheritance, Luo Feng appeared at the booth of a restaurant on the same day. Luo Feng, Thousand Rain Emperor, Cha Man Emperor, and Li Li Emperor had gathered together.

“Blade River Emperor, why did you call us here?” Li Li Emperor asked bluntly. “Do you need to unwind after someone tried to assassinate you today?”

“You think Blade River Emperor is like you?” Cha Man Emperor ridiculed Li Li Emperor. “Didn’t you see how he looked after the assassination? Under the eyes of millions of heirs, Blade River Emperor walked out from his mansion unflustered.”

“It’s hard to tell what he wants,” Thousand Rain Emperor said jokingly, studying Luo Feng.

“Guys.” Luo Feng held up a wine bottle and poured wine for his three guests. “I want to ask you for a favor.”

“Even the most common wine becomes a rare vintage if Blade River Emperor serves it,” Cha Man Emperor said, holding up his wine glass and taking a tiny sip. “Blade River, tell us, what can we do for you? We will try our best without hesitation.”

For them, it would be an honor to help Blade River Emperor. It was well-known by now that as long as Blade River Emperor didn’t die, he would attain remarkable heights in the future. It was challenging to build and maintain a friendship with such a great being. For example, the sovereign of Ganwu had taken an indirect approach; instead of visiting Luo Feng, he chose to help Luo Feng’s family.

“Just say the word,” said Thousand Rain Emperor.

“We will spare no effort to help you,” added Li Li Emperor.

“I want to gather the detailed intelligence about the secret region of the Ancestral God School,” said Luo Feng. “As far as I know, plenty of the heirs of the Ancestral God School head to the secret region through the transport passage in front of the palace of the master of Bauhinia Island. Many of them must have collected a great deal of information. I need the intelligence.”

Holding his wine glass, Cha Man Emperor frowned. “The Ancestral God School has set up three passages, leading to the land of valuables, the land of inheritance, and the secret region, respectively. Apparently, the school wants the heirs to adventure in these places. Plenty of heirs have done so. They would team up and help each other. What’s more, once the heirs apply to form a squad in the World of Glory, the squad members must not kill one another. In the secret region of the Ancestral God School, the heirs’ consciousnesses can always be linked and sent simultaneously to the World of Glory. If anyone dares to kill their partners, they will be expelled and hunted down by the Ancestral God School.”

Both Thousand Rain Emperor and Li Li Emperor looked at Luo Feng. They were speculating whether Blade River Emperor was going to the secret region.

“If you are going, you’d better join a team,” said Cha Man Emperor.

“I need the intelligence,” said Luo Feng. “Just tell me if you can get it.”

“No problem,” Cha Man Emperor said, nodding. “Plenty of heirs have been to the secret region, and there are many bits of intelligence within the Hong Alliance. Besides, information is frequently shared among different groups. Give us some time, and we will collect the detailed intelligence about the secret region of the Ancestral God School.”

“Blade River Emperor, if you must go to the secret region, you should be careful,” said Thousand Rain Emperor. “That place is so dangerous that even the detailed information and the strength of the undying level aren’t enough for you. I know that you have multiple bodies and can revive even if you die there, but the adventure would be for naught if you lost your treasures in that perilous place. You’d better join an adventure team with universe knights. For example, universe knights from the Hong Alliance, or knights from other races that have good relationships with Hong Alliance.”

“Come on, then,” said Luo Feng, raising his glass. “Let’s drink.”

Since Luo Feng didn’t want to say more, his three guests stopped talking and enjoyed drinking with Luo Feng.

The banquet didn’t end until much later. As they watched Luo Feng leave, the three guests stood in front of the restaurant and looked at each other.

“It seems like he is very interested in the secret region of Ancestral God School,” Cha Man Emperor said.

Thousand Rain Emperor frowned. “Who isn’t? It’s the most magical and advanced secret region. But I have the feeling that Blade River Emperor wants to go there alone.”

“No worries,” Li Li Emperor said. “Blade River Emperor’s methods are beyond our imagination. It’s a rare opportunity that he asks us for a favor, so let’s gather the intelligence quickly.”

In an instant, the three emperors left the virtual universe and headed to the World of Glory.

Bauhinia Island. Luo Feng’s mansion.

“The secret region of the Ancestral God School,” muttered Luo Feng. “The most advanced secret region of the universe. It harbors the most treasures and special organisms. Hence, it is also the best place for me to search for my third body.”

Hands on the railings, Luo Feng looked at the sky in the distance. The halos containing numerous law engravings enlarged, faded, and revived in the air.

“Now that I have fulfilled the third volume of Nan Shen Seven Forms, I can access the second pattern of Shi Wu Wings, which can form spatial turbulence. My ability to escape will be 100 times stronger than it is now. Fulfilling the third volume also means that my law comprehension has reached the limit of the 20th level of Heavenly Bridge. I can’t delay anymore. It’s time to choose my third body.”

Luo Feng’s blood was burning with anticipation and desire. Right after the inheritance was concluded in the land of inheritance, the first idea that came to Luo Feng’s mind was to find a unique life form suitable for incubating his third body. And then, he could step into the undying level.

“The universe has known my name,” he said, “and the three pinnacle races have decided to murder me. I must improve my strength as soon as possible. When I become undying, I believe my genes will be essentially the same as Zhu Chong Emperor. By then, I will possess the strength of a universe knight, and no ordinary universe knights can be my rivals. Now, I should wait patiently for my third body. It is crucially important for my growth in the future.”

Luo Feng was physically present in his mansion, waiting for Cha Man Emperor’s intelligence, but his heart had floated into the mysterious secret region, where he was sure to find a special organism suitable for his third body. He waited for 16 days.

Virtual Universe. In a city of Hong Alliance.

On the 16th day, in the same restaurant, Luo Feng, Thousand Rain Emperor, Cha Man Emperor, and Li Li Emperor sat around a table containing cuisine from throughout the universe. As Luo Feng clicked the air, a screen occurred and floated in the air. He clicked open the mailbox and read the message content.

In the long history of Ancestral God School, an array of heirs who didn’t think they could make a breakthrough on their own efforts had ventured into the secret region early. They traveled in groups and were extremely cautious. Some received special treatment and thus became successful. Their experiences had left behind a high amount of intelligence for the generations to come.

“What do you think?” said Thousand Rain Emperor jokingly.

Staring at the screen, Luo Feng nodded several times. “Very good. Better than I imagined. The intelligence is very detailed and has recorded many dangerous places and special organisms.”

“Blade River,” said Cha Man Emperor, “because we are friends, I want to tell you something, though it might upset you. Even with this intelligence, many heirs have died in the secret region. It is so large that nobody has fully explored it since the dawn of the universe. As detailed as this intelligence is, it has recorded only a small part of the secret region. You might want to think twice before going there alone.”

“I see.” Luo Feng turned off the screen. He would study the intelligence carefully on his own later. “Relax. I won’t do anything stupid.”

It was a promise given to reassure his friends.

But Luo Feng was not so easily swayed.

The day he got the intelligence, Luo Feng left Bauhinia Island through the God Country Transportation and arrived at the Star Tower of the outer region wars.

At the center hall of Star Tower.

Since Luo Feng had already left letters in the Star Tower, they could be delivered to the center hall at any time.

“I have only 100 stars in my Star Map,” he said. “52 stars have been consumed in my second move. I’m afraid the stars won’t be enough for me in the future.”

Luo Feng came to the edge of the center hall. As he flipped his hands, an enormous floating scroll appeared. Meanwhile, Luo Feng controlled the stars around the center hall and made them fly toward him.

These were the temporarily unused stars in the Star Tower.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Like raining hail, one after another star shrank and blended into the scroll swiftly. Moments later, 1,700 stars were integrated into the parchment. The Star Map now contained as many as 1,800 stars. Luo Feng extended his left hand, and the large scroll in the air shrank rapidly into his palm.

Looking at this scroll, Luo Feng felt that the star-dotted map was just like the sky full of stars. As he counted, he found out there were 1,800 stars in total.

“The Star Map feels different after integrating 1,800 stars.”

On the surface, the Star Map was not different from before. However, since Luo Feng’s consciousness was connected to the scroll, he could sense the massive, formidable power contained by the giant stars inside it.

“By the time I can rouse these 1,800 stars, I’ll probably be a universe knight,” Luo Feng said to himself. “With these 1,800 stars, the Star Map is sufficient for me to use for a long time.” Luo Feng smiled and added, “Star Tower! When I come back next time, I can control you completely!”

And then, rays of golden light appeared in front of him.

Swish!

Luo Feng left through God Country Transportation.

After carefully studying the intelligence about the secret region of the Ancestral God School, Luo Feng purchased some treasures that he could carry from the human race’s domain. Later, he returned to Bauhinia Island.

Luo Feng stood in his mansion and said, “I have a Mosha clan body, so I can send it to explore many dangerous places. How could I possibly be suitable company for other heirs now that numerous groups are trying to assassinate me? Adventuring with other heirs would only complicate matters.”

“Honed Heart Emperor,” he instructed. “Stay and guard the mansion. Remember: Never set foot outside the mansion.”

“Understood,” Honed Heart Emperor said respectfully.

In the blink of an eye, Luo Feng had entered the World Ring. At the same time, the Luo Feng’s Mosha body appeared.

“Aha!” As the Luo Feng in black clothes grinned, he stirred up the air flow. By copying the talents and techniques of the original Luo Feng, Mosha Luo Feng turned himself into an heir of a different race, but his breathing was still the same as Luo Feng’s. Since Bauhinia Island was within the five-color aurora lake, everything that happened on the island was supervised. As a result, the five-color aurora lake was aware that the transformed heir was Luo Feng.

“Go!”

Luo Feng’s Mosha body teleported himself.

At the same time, he appeared at the square in front of the palace for the master of Bauhinia Island. He took a step forward and entered the water curtain of the spring at the right side of the square.

Swish!

He vanished and was sent to the secret region.


Chapter 966: World Tree

The Ancestral God secret region was boundless.

Inside floated a beautiful spring, and the spring water doused the surroundings again and again. A figure walked out of the spring— Luo Feng’s Mosha body.

The Mosha body looked around and saw only the floating spring. There were no guards here.

“The Ancestral God School is so confident that it placed the portal here without worrying about it being vandalized by others,” he said. “But, on second thought, it seems right. The secret region is the property of the Ancestral God School, after all… Transform.”

His bodies changed, and the original earthling body came out while the Mosha body went back inside the World Ring. The original earthling body was much more powerful, especially after completing the third volume. He was able to practice the second form of Shi Wu Wings, which gave him a much higher chance of survival.

“Detector.”

Luo Feng turned on both the micro and macro-detectors. Detectors were designed for adventuring in secret regions of the universe instead of the outer-region warzone. Macro-detectors were designed for those hurrying in their journeys through secret regions of the universe. Macro-detectors could identify some celestial bodies afar and remind users to dodge them, making movements much safer. As for micro-detectors, they were used for precise exploring in dangerous places.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew away like a flash of light. After finding that it was temporarily safe ahead, he teleported himself.

He dodged the hazards cautiously. The celestial bodies inside the Ancestral God School’s secret region were peculiar. Some of the colossal ones looked odd. In the normal regions of the universe, most of the celestial bodies were spherical—planets, stars, white dwarfs, neutron stars, and even black holes—but in the Ancestral God secret region, the celestial bodies took on irregular forms. Some of them were like enormous continents. Some were gigantic lakes in space, possibly containing islands. From time to time, Luo Feng could also see floating mountain ranges with waterfalls running over them. It all looked so beautiful and magical, but in reality, it was full of danger.

Luo Feng saw one waterfall whose water could freeze even universe knights and crush their life marks, which could lead to their demise. The water was a rare substance called “Cold Whale Nine-Colored Water.” It would be lucky for someone if they could use a treasure like the purple clock or other items to take some of the water. The water could be used in battle and wielded enormous power.

Unfortunately, beneath the Cold Whale Nine-Colored Water lived a terrifying special organism called the Cold Whale. Cold Whale Nine-Colored Water appeared as different colors from different angles— nine colors in total. Some great beings had discovered the nine-colored water when the universe was young and had tried to collect some. However, they had been attacked by the Cold Whale before they could even touch the water, thus losing their lives.

There was only a short description of Cold Whales in the information Luo Feng collected. Only universe masters were their rivals.

Heirs were transported directly to the deepest area of the Ancestral God secret region, which was the least dangerous. It was the place where the Ancestral God School trained their heirs. Of course, there would be dangerous if there were some precious of the universe.

On the ninth day of Luo Feng’s journey, a beam of light suddenly stopped in the space outside the border of a mountain that was thousands of light years long.

“I’ll rest first after nine days of the journey.” Luo Feng stood in the space and looked around, spotting the massive mountain. “The celestial bodies in the Ancestral God secret region are indeed very weird. This mountain is more than six thousand light years long, and it’s perilous. According to the information I have, there are 201 of them.”

Lots of heirs had tried to explore the mountain before. However, only a small part of it was mapped, as it was far too dangerous.

“It should take me around 32 days to arrive and see the World Tree at my speed,” said Luo Feng.

Expectation flashed in Luo Feng’s eyes. World Tree! The third body of his plan!

Luo Feng had high access authority in the human race and had collected a great deal of information about special organisms. He had researched them, and he had to admit that the Ancestral God secret region had the most special organisms in the universe.

Many mystical and powerful organisms lived in the Ancestral God secret region, such as Cold Whales, the Back Mountain Tremble, and World Trees. They were all special organisms that could rival universe masters. After careful screening and filtering, Luo Feng had decided that he would choose World Tree as his third body. Although there existed some other organisms that would be more beneficial to him, only special organisms at the sector-lord level could suffice. So, Luo Feng had chosen the World Tree.

There were nine World Trees, in total, in the universe. The most powerful one was a universe knight. Its trunk was 7 million miles wide, and it was 370 million miles tall. The tree’s canopy had a diameter of over half a billion miles. It was the largest tree-typed special organism in the universe.

There were three undying-level trees, which were only slightly smaller than the one at the universe knight level, at heights of 75 million miles. Below those were five sector-lord-level World Trees, which were 40 million miles tall.

Luo Feng chose World Trees as his third body firstly because of their abilities. World Trees had the ability of manipulation of space and time. They could control the space and time within a set range. Although it couldn’t compare to that of universe masters, the power surged as their strength grew. Rumor had it that the universe knight World Tree could manipulate space and time as skillfully as a universe master.

As for the undying-level and sector-lord-level ones, they were much more inferior. However, they could crush those at the same level as them. World Trees had genes that were thousands of times superior to humans. Thanks to their size, they had overwhelmingly mighty godly bodies with terrific amounts of godly power. Only a few creatures dared to engage in combat with World Trees.

Their manipulation of space and time and their enormous size were only two of the advantages. There was a third advantage. A World Tree could amplify and solidify God Country. Luo Feng hadn’t managed to find anyone with a World Tree body. However, he had found that Man Tuo General of the Ancestral God School had once taken a twig from the universe knight World Tree and had planted it in his own God Country. The twig had grown into a giant holy tree named Live Tree.

Live Tree could stabilize God Country. The stabler God Country was, the most pressure it could impose on the enemies trespassing in the God Country. Man Tuo General had used it to lure enemies into his God Country. He’d killed many; it was no secret.

Normally, undying fighters in God Country used the pressure to suppress enemies and make themselves several times stronger. With the Live Tree planted in God Country, however, it could make an undying fighter 100 times more powerful and more efficient in stifling enemies.

The Live Tree is indeed magical, thought Luo Feng. World Trees must be a great deal more magical and would further strengthen God Country.

How could Luo Feng not be tempted?

Besides, World Trees can give me an edge in both space and time. Although I’m following the beast god path, I’ll need a breakthrough when I actually become one. Also, I might not even finish on the path of beast god. I’ll have the opportunity to follow the path of time with a World Tree.

The idea was to follow the path of time and space and became a universe master.

Luo Feng pondered his future beside the gigantic mountain. Although his aim was a World Tree, Luo Feng was also worried. No one had ever done this before, according to the intelligence he’d gathered. But it was possible that someone had hidden the information.

Primal Chaos City Leader once said that there was a limit to my internal world, Luo Feng thought. I can’t hold the unique organism in my internal world. The World Tree I chose is at the sector lord level—the weakest one.

A species without a breakthrough in its genes hit its limit in size when it became a peak sector lord. Golden-horned beasts were more than a 600 miles long, and they would remain so even when they became undying fighters, universe knights, and even universe masters. The size would only change if the genes were improved. Luo Feng’s body didn’t change after practicing the Nine Volume Manual with his original earthling body; he remained less than six feet tall.

However, the nine World Trees varied in size. The most powerful one had genes thousands of times superior to those of humans, and it was a top-tier special organism. The three undying World Trees were inferior, followed by the five sector lord World Trees.

Even the sector lord World Trees are better than a twig. The twig became a Live Tree, which is not even a World Tree. I’m just not sure whether I can breed that sector lord World Tree or not.

“Eh, it should be okay,” Luo Feng told himself.

He was perturbed, but he also had a strong desire. The manipulation of space and time! A 37-million-mile trunk! How mighty that godly power was!

God Country was the core of an undying fighter. How could Luo Feng not covet the World Tree with all its advantages?


Chapter 967: Space Whirlpool

The Nine World Trees are living here together, which makes this a bit tricky, thought Luo Feng. But I only need a leaf of the World Tree. It shouldn’t be that big of a problem.

Actually, Luo Feng was also worried about another issue. The dwelling place of those World Trees was as strange and exotic as the mountain beside him. It was a place called Nine Remoteness Space.

Nine Remoteness Space was 12 light years long—apparently not as large as the mountain beside him. However, it was one of the most dangerous areas in the Ancestral God secret region. Luo Feng had already known of several creatures that could rival universe masters. The nine World Trees occupied only a corner of that space, but a few other powerful special organisms lived there as well. That was all the information the intelligence had revealed.

The Ancestral God School instructed the heirs about the eight most dangerous places, and Nine Remoteness Space was one of them. These were the places that could trap even a universe master. Creatures that could rival universe masters, which had been discovered by unlucky heirs, might only be the surface of it.

“I need to be careful,” Luo Feng reminded himself. “Even universe knights can be trapped in Nine Remoteness Space forever. I need to step lightly and maintain a low profile. I’ll let the Mosha body do the work if I run into dangers because my internal world can recover it even if it is destroyed. However, if my original earthling body is damaged and trapped in one of those dangerous places, I might never recover my true treasures.”

Luo Feng was indeed a bit nervous, which was perfectly normal given the reputation of Nine Remoteness Space.

“No risk, no reward,” he said. “I need to be cautious. But surely I can get a leaf of the World Tree with my multiple bodies technique.”

Nine Remoteness Space was extremely dangerous, whereas it was visited the most by the heirs. Why was that? Because they were not afraid of death. Throughout history, heirs who couldn’t achieve their breakthroughs had resorted to venturing into this dangerous place. Nine Remoteness Space was indeed dangerous, but it contained the most treasures. Even though many heirs met their demise there, many others gained a lot. A random precious object obtained in Nine Remoteness Space could be a true treasure, which was tempting even to universe knights.

There were many more heirs in ages past. Now, there only around 100 million. Of those who had died in other places, most had died in the secret region.

Luo Feng ate something and relaxed. After half an hour, he flew into the depths of the space alongside the mountain. Sometimes he flew, and sometimes he teleported himself. Always, he was careful.

Inside the palace at the peak of Thunder Island.

Primal Chaos City Leader, dressed in a golden cape, stood in front of his palace overlooking the vast Thunder Island. Below was one palace after another. Countless undying gods lived there, and the undying fighters lived at the bottom. There was a mountain in the middle of the island, and along the hillside lived universe knights. Universe masters lived on the top of the mountain. The summit was surrounded by mist, shrouding the peak from those living below.

The palace of Primal Chaos City Leader was at the peak of the mountain. Standing at the top, Primal Chaos City Leader could see all of Thunder Island, including Yu Xiang Mountain floating afar, where his students were being trained and instructed by the powerful ones.

“Can my student acquire part of a World Tree…?” Chaos City Leader mumbled to himself. “He’s bold enough to choose the World Tree as his third body. But, on second thought, everyone who wants to be a supreme being is bold. Although it’s dangerous, he has the multi-body technique. I don’t need to worry about him falling.”

“Nine Remoteness Space,” he mused. “Even I haven’t been there. That place belongs to the Ancestral God School, and many of the places of that school are off-limits to the six major races. The treasures can only be obtained by the heirs of the Ancestral God School.”

Nine Remoteness Space was famously dangerous. However, this was not the case for Gigantic Axe Founder.

Gigantic Axe Founder could, by all means, go in and take all the treasures there, which would have infuriated the three ancestral gods. The Ancestral God secret region belonged to the ancestral gods, and many special organisms were owned by the Ancestral God School, along with other treasures. The ancestral gods could certainly have taken them all; instead, they left them there for the students. After all, such treasures were of no use to them.

The heirs were cultivated by the Ancestral God School and were given some special treatment. They would become sub-members of the school. As for the six major races, the Space Beast Alliance, and the Northern Territory Alliance, they were given no chance of getting in.

“Luo Feng,” he said. “It all depends on you now. You need power, brains, and luck. Let’s see whether your internal world is strong enough to breed the World Tree body.”

Primal Chaos City Leader knew that a result would come in a month or two. He wasn’t sure if Luo Feng’s internal world could breed the World Tree body. The internal world of the golden-horned beast could breed a body that was 100 times stronger than their original bodies. As for the World Trees at the sector lord level, they were two levels lower than the most powerful one. Perhaps it was just within the limit of Luo Feng’s internal world.

“Luck…” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “We shall see whether he has the luck of breeding a World Tree.”

Expectations flashed through Primal Chaos City Leader’s eyes.

Luo Feng was going forward carefully and trying to dodge all the dangerous places. He wouldn’t even go to places he thought might hold treasures, as his only target was the World Tree in Nine Remoteness Space. He didn’t want to trouble himself. In the Ancestral God secret region, where there were treasures, there was danger.

Sou!

Luo Feng sped up like a flash of light, followed by his macro-detector and micro-detector, constantly scanning for danger around him. He teleported himself only in some safe areas.

0.8 light years away from Luo Feng, there was an area without any celestial bodies. Luo Feng arrived there after flying and teleporting himself for an hour.

“According to my information, there were hidden dangers in this information.” Luo Feng looked at the boundless space. “But, alas, this is the safest route, to my knowledge. I still need to pass 12 dangerous areas to arrive at Nine Remoteness Space.”

It was impossible to find an absolutely safe route to Nine Remoteness Space. Luo Feng was, after all, still very weak. Many areas that would have been safe for universe knights were hazardous for him. This area was one of them. Universe knights might have flown across it or teleported through it instantly, whereas the farthest Luo Feng could teleport was one lightyear away.

“Careful…” Luo Feng told himself. He used World Projection, which helped him detect the danger around.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

Every time, Luo Feng teleported within the range of World Projection, and each teleportation was tens of millions of miles away. Luo Feng teleported hundreds of times. After teleporting a lightyear away, Luo Feng stopped and started to rest.

“Such short-distance teleportation,” Luo Feng said, shaking his head. Ahead of him was still the boundless space.

Weng!

Without warning, a space whirlpool with a diameter of about six thousand miles came into being around Luo Feng. The pressure from the space whirlpool was unbreakable for him.

“Shi Wu Wings!”

Luo Feng opened the wings and tried to drive. With the help of his current level of law comprehension, the complicated Shi Wu Wings were connected by countless threads.

Before, in the outer-region warzone, Luo Feng could only carry out the first form of transformation of Shi Wu Wings. Now, with more and more law threads utilized by Luo Feng, all the edges of the Shi Wu Wings were lengthened and turned golden. The feathers on the wings had previously looked like ordinary feathers with sharp edges. Now, they were long and sharp, like miniature sabers—silver wings with golden edges.

Hua La!

The Shi Wu Wings swung, and the saber-shaped feathers on its edge cut through space. Under the space energy of the Shi Wu Wings, a windy turbulence was formed.

“Break!” Luo Feng shouted.

Trapped in the space whirlpool, Luo Feng struggled to get out. The space whirlpool was blocked entirely from the outside, and he couldn’t teleport himself. His only recourse was to damage the space whirlpool with his Shi Wu Wings.

Peng!

After only two seconds, the space whirlpool faded like smoke. Luo Feng was relieved. However, he was dazed at the sight of his surroundings.

“Where… where am I?”

Luo Feng was surrounded by solid ground covered by all sorts of plants and trees. They all had different colors, and a flowery fragrance drifted through the air. A mountain blocked his view in the distance. The sky above the ground was filled with blue air.

“Better check the universe coordinates,” Luo Feng said. He was astonished after checking the coordinates. “I—I’m 300 light years away from the space I just left? That space whirlpool must be a natural portal.”

Luo Feng frowned and looked around. That whirlpool had disrupted his plan. Fortunately, according to the coordinates, he was actually closer to Nine Remoteness Space, now. As long as he could get out, it would only take him ten days to arrive at Nine Remoteness Space.

“What is this?” he wondered. “I have no information that describes this place.”

He looked around, alert. It was an unidentified area, and he had been transferred here by a space whirlpool that had come out of nowhere. Surely, that had been no accident. It was highly likely that there was danger lurking here.

Both the macro-detector and the micro-detector started to scan the surroundings.

“The space ripple here was completely separated from the outside world,” he said, “and that blue air seems to be responsible. I can’t feel any space ripple outside that layer of blue air.”

Luo Feng looked up. It was common for certain districts in the secret regions of the universe that could block teleportation.

“Now I’m in trouble.”


Chapter 968: Wormhole

While the detector rapidly searched for hidden dangers, Luo Feng stood still, making no reckless movements.

I have two options, thought Luo Feng. First, I can explore this unknown place and find a way out. Second, through the God Country Transportation, I can be sent back to the human race’s domain, then to Bauhinia Island, then back to Nine Remoteness Space.

Eyes as sharp as blades, Luo Feng examined his surroundings. It was quiet here. Apart from the beautiful plants, there were no other creatures.

“I’m getting out on my own!” he said. “I can make it if I’m careful. According to the Ancestral God School’s briefing for the heirs, this place is not listed as dangerous. I don’t want to waste a dozen of days by departing from Bauhinia Island again. By then, I’m afraid I’ll need to go through that void area again. What if I were sent to this place a second time?”

Soon, a plethora of data appeared on the screen on Luo Feng’s protective sleeve. Luo Feng lowered his head to look at it.

“Everything looks normal,” Luo Feng said. He frowned slightly. “Then I’m leaving.”

Luo Feng chose a direction and flew across the sky.

“A natural wormhole is found,” the detector suddenly alerted Luo Feng.

“A natural wormhole?” said Luo Feng.

He had been flying as a beam of light, but he slowed down immediately. He looked at the map displayed on the detector to verify the location and rushed toward the wormhole. After flying for tens of millions of miles, Luo Feng arrived at a mountain. He stared at the slightly distorted space in front of him.

“A wormhole, here?” he said.

Wormholes were common throughout the universe. Each one connected two places, sometimes spanning vast distances. If one were to step into a wormhole, they would instantly reappear at the opposite end.

For a wormhole to be found in deep space was normal, but it was unusual to see one in the secret region.

“Where does this wormhole lead to?” Luo Feng wondered.

He considered, then came up with an idea. A streak of black air flow flew up and condensed into a muscular man—Luo Feng’s Mosha clan body.

“Even if this Mosha body is destroyed,” he said, “I can condense another one and send him here via God Country Transportation.”

Since Luo Feng was a token gatherer, his soul slaves could easily sense him telekinetically.

The Mosha body was cautious at first, but then he flew into the wormhole.

The moment the Mosha body crossed the wormhole, he instantly arrived at another place.

“What?” Mosha body said, gazing at an enormous basin in front of him.

Among the basin was a lake with over 6,000 miles in width. Above the lake floated a cone-shaped peak over 600 miles high.

“A lake? And a floating peak?” Mosha body said. He was a bit surprised to find that he could easily sense the location of his earthling deity. “My earthling deity is probably less than 6 billion miles from here.”

The distance between them was so short that Mosha body could reach his earthling deity by teleportation.

The deity of Luo Feng continued flying. He had learned about the situations on the other end of the wormhole, but he hadn’t rushed to investigate. There were other matters to attend to.

Moments later, the detector alerted him, “Another natural wormhole is found.”

“Another one?” Luo Feng was stunned.

He flew toward the location indicated by the detector. This wormhole was in a river. Luo Feng dared not enter the stream recklessly. Instead, he summoned his Mosha body and let him try.

Mosha body dove into the river.

“Nothing special about the water other than its high density,” Mosha body quickly confirmed.

Using his strength of a world, Luo Feng condensed a large clay pot and filled it with the water of the river.

“I will study it after leaving this place,” he told himself.

His Mosha Body went into the wormhole in the river.

The other end of the wormhole was also underwater. Mosha body was stupefied as he rose to the surface of the water and looked around.

“My gosh…”

A cone-shaped peak floated above the vast lake, which was contained within a crater-like basin.

“The first wormhole ended on the shore of the lake,” said Mosha body, “while the second ended in the lake. The two wormholes lead to the same place.”

Mosha body was at a loss.

Bewildered by Mosha body’s findings, Luo Feng continued moving ahead and soon found a third wormhole. This time, Mosha body went through the wormhole and discovered that it led to another bank of the lake.

As Luo Feng continued, another wormhole appeared, which led to the surface of the lake. One after another, nine wormholes were discovered. Eventually, the impatient Luo Feng stopped flying. He teleported himself to the lakeside.

“How weird,” he said. Standing beside the lake, he surveyed the floating, cone-shaped peak before him. “The nine wormholes all lead here. Maybe this is what makes the dangerous place special.”

“10,081 wormholes are found,” the detector said.

Luo Feng looked down at the screen on his protective sleeve, wide-eyed. “What?”

The screen indicated the positions of the wormholes. What gave him chills was that the 10,081 wormholes seemed to be arranged like a giant beehive that completely covered the cone-shaped peak. They formed a pattern similar to his Mosha body’s life core, which had 10,081 cut surfaces spread with very intricate law engravings that represented the space laws.

“The more unique a place is,” said Luo Feng, “the greater the possibility that it contains treasures. And vice versa; a place with treasures is naturally dangerous.”

Numerous heirs over time had encountered the same experience. If anyone found treasures at a place without encountering any danger, it was only because great beings of the past had already tackled the hazards.

Luo Feng looked at the cone-shaped peak. He felt that it was the most suspicious, but he couldn’t afford to go in by himself. What if a dangerous and unique life form like the cold whale lived inside the peak, and Luo Feng’s trespassing alarmed it? If it swallowed Luo Feng’s earthling body, it would be difficult for him to retrieve his Shi Wu Wings and Tower Pearl.

Luo Feng said, “Go find out where these 10,081 wormholes lead to.”

Swish!

His Mosha body immediately flew toward one wormhole in the air.

After entering the wormhole, Mosha body arrived on the other end swiftly. It was a silent desert about 19 billion miles away from the lake.

Mosha body returned to the lake and went into another wormhole.

As his Mosha body rapidly explored the wormholes, Luo Feng gradually got more familiar with the situation in this mysterious place. All these wormholes led to numerous locations within this strange place. The furthest one was about 75 billion miles away from here. What startled Luo Feng the most was that in three areas, he had found some shattered armor and broken weapons, but no treasures.

“Heirs have special status,” he said, holding a piece of broken armor. “They are very likely to possess treasures. These broken and worthless pieces of armor indicate that some life forms, probably heirs, have been here. However, not a single valuable treasure—not even a World Ring—has been left behind… Perhaps some survivors or the natives of this mysterious place have taken away the treasures. I doubt many heirs have been here. If they had been, the information about this place would have been more substantial. If survivors do exist, why don’t they send out the intelligence about this mysterious place?”

Luo Feng considered the matter.

Swish!

Luo Feng drew back hastily. Through a spatial wormhole, he retreated to a location over 6 billion miles away.

“My earthling deity should stay away from this,” he concluded. “I will send my Mosha body to explore the place.”

Mosha body flew toward the cone-shaped peak floating in the air and observed it. According to the detector, there were 10,081 caves densely distributed on the mountain. Since every cave was only 10 or 12 feet high, these caves seemed insignificant compared to the peak.

Swoosh.

Mosha body flew inside one cave.

“Nothing but stones,” he said.

As Mosha body grabbed one of the stones, the wall of the cave suddenly filled with streaks of silver light. Mosha body felt like a formidable force had attacked him so fiercely that his body had been shattered to pieces. And then, as black airflow circulated, Mosha body recovered.

“What the heck?” he shouted.Stupefied, Mosha body gazed at the seemingly normal wall. “Every stone is integral to the wall. It’s like the wall is… alive. My sector-lord pinnacle energy is somewhat weak. I wonder what would happen if my earthling deity came and picked up the stones.”

Mosha body kept moving ahead carefully.

The cave was very serene and deep, and the spatial ripple here felt somewhat unusual. There were no plants to be seen. Just the empty wall within the cave.

After walking for hundreds of miles, Mosha body finally arrived at the central region of the cone-shaped peak. In the middle was a pool divided into five smaller pools. The color of the water in every pool was different, and every pool produced powerful but unique auras, such as the aura of flames and the aura as sharp as gold. Above the five-colored pool were numerous spatial cracks that repeatedly appeared and disappeared.

Enclosed within the spatial cracks—which were arranged like a gigantic, stunning beehive—was a globe-shaped crystal suspended in the air. It had 10,081 cut surfaces, some of which appeared to flow like water while others leapt up like transparent flames or grew like plants.

“Treasure,” Mosha body said, staring at the globe-shaped crystal attentively. “But where are the dangers?”

Even an idiot could tell that this atypical crystal was a treasure, and the five-colored pool beneath it was extraordinary. But Mosha body dared not approach the crystal recklessly. It was clear that this mysterious place was unstable; the globe-shaped crystal had created numerous cracks in the area, and if its energy exploded completely, it would destroy Mosha body in an instant.

According to Luo Feng’s understanding of the secret region, apart from the danger of the treasure itself, there were usually additional hazards. Cautiously, Mosha body observed the five-colored pool, the crystal globe, the tranquil environment around him, and the entire peak, which seemed to be alive.


Chapter 969: Original Real Treasures

Mosha body observed the five-colored pool and the floating crystal ball. At the same time, inside a canyon 10 billion kilometers away, Luo Feng hid in a cave of the cliff wall, sitting with his legs crossed.

“I’ll check where the five-colored pool and crystal ball come from first,” said Luo Feng, connected to the virtual universe with his mind.

Inside the study room of Luo Feng’s manor in Yu Xiang Mountain.

Luo Feng turned on the laptop on the desk and started to search. He uploaded the picture to the internet with his mind.

This was an advantage only humans possessed—the ability to search in the virtual universe whenever they came across danger or unknown treasures. Of course, different humans had different clearance levels. The more mystical the treasures were, the higher the clearance level required. Ever since Luo Feng had become famous under the name of Blade River Emperor, his clearance level had increased higher than the average universe knight.

“Luo Feng! Luo Feng, I’ve found it!” shouted Babata on Luo Feng’s shoulder.

“Huh?” Luo Feng frowned and stared at the screen. He clicked the link on the top, and the virtual universe provided a precise answer to Luo Feng’s question.

The five-colored pool, called Five-Colored Abyss Flower, only looked like a pool. However, there was no water inside, and it was composed of five portals leading to the origin point of the universe. It absorbed the five-element original powers and gathered them here. There was normally a “Space Heart” inside the Five-Colored Abyss Flower.

The crystal ball was the Space Heart and could only be formed after an eternity within Five-Colored Abyss Flower. It had 10,081 facets when it became spherical and required a longer time for it to become solid. When it was becoming solid, there would be an evolution of the five elements on its surface. Only after it became a solid and stable crystal without any space cracks would the crystal be completely matured. The Space Heart was only useful after that.

The Five-Colored Abyss Flower was actually five portals—a special phenomenon in the universe—and it couldn’t be moved or taken from its current location. As for the Space Heart, it was one of the ingredients for making original true treasures.

“Original true treasures?” Luo Feng was stupefied, as this was another term he’d never heard of.

It certainly couldn’t be considered mediocre if it was a true treasure. His star map, tower pearl, and Shi Wu Wings barely crossed the threshold of true treasures, and they were almost useless to universe masters.

I got lucky, thought Luo Feng. No wonder the Ancestral God Secret Region is considered the most magical secret region.

He immediately ran a virtual search for “original true treasures” and “Space Heart,” and a plethora of information was soon displayed. Luo Feng scrolled down.

Original true treasures were original-type true treasures. Great beings could be injected with their energies and transform their bodies into godly bodies, but only after they became undying fighters and triggered the law ocean. It was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. With proper training and enhanced power, great beings could also trigger the law ocean and absorb energies.

However, it was far too slow if they did it after becoming undying fighters. Lots of great beings spent millions of or even hundreds of millions of years to make their breakthrough. Although they could only absorb the energies slowly, they could improve their godly bodies continuously.

Nevertheless, it was common for great beings to burn their undying powers while fighting, especially when the fights were matters of life and death. Once the undying power was burned, it would take a long time to recover, given that they had cultivated for hundreds of millions of years. Fortunately, there were multitudes of treasures in the universe that could help them quickly gain back the undying power, and they might even revive the undying fighters and restore their strengths.

The treasures were useful for undying fighters. Universe knights, however, had unrelenting godly bodies, and once 30 percent or 50 percent was gone, it a huge number of treasures were required for them to recover, which could be tens of thousands of times more than for undying fighters—if not more. Some universe knights spent their entire fortunes and still failed to buy enough treasures.

In the case of battles waged between races and universe masters, it was even more terrifying. A 50 percent loss of a universe master’s godly body was a loss for the entire race, even for a peak race like the human race. If Primal Chaos City Leader lost one of his bodies, it would break humanity’s heart, given how much energy was required to restore a body belonging to the Primal Chaos City Leader.

Few treasures could restore a universe knight’s power. For some universe overlords and universe masters, a specific type of true treasures was exceptionally important: original true treasures.

These treasures were called original true treasures because they were valued by universe overlords and universe masters. They were not used for defense or attack. Instead, they were used by great beings to trigger the law ocean. It was 1,000 times, 10,000 times or even 1 million times faster for great beings to prime the energies in the law ocean, and different levels of original true treasures improved the efficiency at different degrees.

It would take 1 million years for a universe master to fully recover if he was severely injured. An original true treasure, however, could make the energy-absorbing process 100,000 times faster, meaning it would only take a universe master ten years to recover. Ten years was a blink of an eye for a universe master.

Even lower-tier original true treasures, which could only make the process thousands of times faster, were highly desired by the universe overlords. With this type of treasure, burning 10 percent of the godly bodies during a fight was nothing, as it would take a short time to recover if only a small portion of the godly body was turned. With the help of an original true treasure, the body could be restored in no time. These treasures allowed great beings to burn their undying power without worries.

It was clear how valuable these treasures were, but the ingredients required to make them were scarce. Each ingredient could only originate under certain conditions and in special environments throughout the universe, and it took a long time for them to develop and form.

The core ingredients required to make an original true treasure could be divided into several tiers. The lower tier included gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, thunder and light, while the upper-tier included time and space. The top-tier included fusion of space and gold and fusion of wood and sky.

Space Heart was one of the high-level ingredients that connected the space law ocean. A Space Heart, together with some additional ingredients, could produce an original true treasure.

Inside the floating mountain.

Mosha body stared at the crystal ball, thinking, Original true treasures are normally in the hands of universe overlords and universe masters. This Space Heart is more deluxe, and it might be as valuable as my Shi Wu Wings.

Original true treasures were demanded by the more powerful beings, as the weaker ones could only absorb undying power slowly. As for universe matters, they could absorb undying power terrifically fast, a bit like a whale swallowing everything in its path. However, compared to their unrelenting godly bodies, the average absorbing speed was mediocre. With original true treasures, they could increase their amplification by thousands of times. It was like recklessly robbing energies from the law ocean.

Mosha body shook its head. “I never expected the five-colored pool to not be a real pool at all. I can’t get anything out of that. But that crystal ball is a Space Heart.”

Mosha body looked at the crystal ball surrounded by space cracks and saw blurry flames and flowing currents of water on it.

“According to the description, it hasn’t matured yet,” said Mosha body. “It should be completely solidified after maturing. Then the cracks will disappear. I can only take it after it matures.”

Mosha body was worried.

How long should I wait? Should I just give it up and move on?

This was a core ingredient of an original true treasure. It was as priceless as the Shi Wu Wings or the star map. How could he give it up?

As Mosha body anxiously wondered when the Space Heart would mature…

Sou!

A towering figure appeared on the lake below the floating mountain. It had a huge snake tail and the upper body of a human being. However, its head was shaped like a triangular prism and bore three faces—all of them hideous by human standards. It had two muscular arms covered in scales, one of which held a black scepter.

“It’s been 3,000 eras since I discovered the Five-Colored Abyss Flower, and the Space Heart is already formed. Many whirlpools have been formed in the surrounding space, and scores of heirs have tried to get in. But all were killed… by me.”

“I need to be careful,” said the towering figure. “I must come here for an inspection every day and kill any heir to make sure the news won’t be leaked. Although most heirs wouldn’t recognize a Space Heart even if they saw one, words would still spread. They might attract some universe overlords and even guarding beast gods. After all, with the chance of acquiring an original true treasure, everyone would want to come here. But it belongs to me and me only. My surviving abilities and fighting power will be largely increased after I harvest it. I won’t need to worry about burning my godly body anymore.”

It checked the cone-shaped mountain first, then used its undying power to probe all 10,081 wormholes. If it found any heirs, it would kill them.

“Time to see if my Space Heart has matured yet.”

Black specter in hand, the towering figure flew to the floating, cone-shaped mountain.


Chapter 970: Sudden Changes

In the central region of the floating cone-shaped mountain, Mosha body stared at the Space Heart, a crystal ball—an ingredient for original true treasures—and had a value comparable to such low-level true treasures as the Shi Wu Wings. However, because the crystal’s surfaces were still displaying the five elements and the surrounding spatial cracks came into being and vanished continuously, it meant that the crystal ball hadn’t fully matured yet.

“When on earth will it mature?” Mosha body wondered aloud, a bit apprehensive.

It was difficult for him to give up, but it might take as long as 1,000 years for it to mature.

“Waiting here for 1,000 years would be a small price to pay if I could obtain such a true treasure material,” Mosha body said to himself. “Or I could head to Nine Remoteness Space and arrange for a soul slave to watch the crystal here.”

While Luo Feng hesitated, the towering, three-faced figure flew into one of the 10,081 caves. The deep, dark, quiet cave meandered for hundreds of miles. Shrinking his godly body and shaking his snake-tail, the great being flew into the depths of the cave.

The great being’s three ferocious faces were full of anticipation. “I can’t wait any longer,” he said. “My Space Heart… please mature quickly.”

Swish!

The great being dove into the central region of the mountain. The moment his godly body enlarged to its original size, the great being’s three faces gaped in astonishment at the sight of an undying-level-heir from the Ancestral God School standing beside the five-colored pool. At a glance, the knight of another race recognized this as one of the heirs of Bauhinia Island.

“Heir!” it bellowed.

Mosha body had assumed the appearance and simulated the breathing rhythm of one of the heirs. The knight of another race couldn’t tell that Mosha body had shapeshifted into an heir.

“What?” said Mosha body, then turned around and looked. His eyes widened, dumbfounded. “A universe knight!”

Because the universe knight had concealed its breathing, Mosha body hadn’t noticed his presence until the knight had reached the mountain center.

The knight’s three faces grew more savage as Mosha body looked at him. The knight was furious to see an heir in the cone-shaped mountain. Had the heir conveyed the information to anyone? Usually, heirs wouldn’t divulge the location of such a unique treasure, but there was the risk that even after he killed the heir in front of him, the news could be disclosed if the heir was revived.

“Die!” the universe knight roared. “Soul control! Destroy and kill him!”

The knight turned his head fiercely. Among his three faces, a single green face stared at Mosha body and deployed the soul control technique. By doing this, the knight could completely eradicate the chance of the information being leaked.

A virtualized godly force attacked Mosha body. Unaffected, Mosha body flew toward the five-colored pool like a gust of wind. In an instant, he had arrived at the space between the five-colored pond and the Space Heart above it. Standing there, Mosha body felt the essences of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth springing upward and converging into the Space Heart over his head.

“If you try to kill me, I will self-destruct,” Mosha body roared furiously at the knight. “Surely you realize what will happen if I explode above the Five-Colored Abyss Flower.”

“Stop!” The knight grew so frightened that the eyes of his three faces widened in anxiety. He knew the situation was dire. Usually, heirs at the undying level would not know the secrets of original true treasures, yet he had encountered an heir that was aware of the mysteries of the Five-Colored Abyss Flower and the Space Heart.

“Do not self-destruct!” said the knight anxiously.

Previously, the knight had only exerted soul control upon Mosha body to prevent him from leaking information. He hadn’t tried to kill him with godly force for fear that the dominant godly force would affect the Five-Colored Abyss Flower.

The environment around the Five-Colored Abyss Flower was unique, but the self-detonation of an emperor-level-undying would be enough to lacerate the space, thus damaging the Five-Colored Abyss Flower. Although it would recover gradually over a long time, the Space Heart it had been creating would no longer be able to absorb energy.

“How is this possible?” said the knight. “He is unaffected by my soul control. How is he unaffected?”

The knight was vexed. When ordinary heirs dared to threaten him, he killed them by using soul attack. But since the heir in front of him could completely withstand his soul control, perhaps an attack from his godly force would also be futile.

As his Mosha body confronted the universe knight, Luo Feng’s earthling deity, lurking in a cave 6 billion miles away, was stunned.

“A knight from another race,” Luo Feng said, frowning. “I’m going to leave some tokens here and depart from this place for the moment.”

Without hesitation, Luo Feng threw a Spatial Ring, which had been disguised as a stone, amid the many rocks in the cave. Then he immediately flew downward, isolated an energy ripple through the micro-detector, and had his slaves boot the God Country Transportation.

As the vague golden rays lit up, God Country Transportation was ready. Luo Feng stepped into it and was shuttled to the distant God Country.

In the central region of the floating cone-shaped mountain.

Hovering between the five-colored pool and the Space Heart, Mosha body looked at the knight who stood beside the five-colored pool.

Boom!

Suddenly, the optical computer on the protective sleeve of Mosha body’s right arm exploded. Meanwhile, a dominant godly force suppressed Mosha body.

“Heir!” Instead of being anxious or furious, the knight had grown unconcerned. Looking at Mosha body, the knight said, “As an undying fighter, you can resist my soul control. Good for you. But, you are too stupid. You think you can threaten me by blowing yourself up? That might have worked while I was unprepared, but you won’t be able to fight back now that I’ve had a bit more time!”

Buzz!

A membrane-like guarding shield, composed of and containing mighty godly force, coagulated above the five-colored pool.

“Do you think your self-destruction can destroy my godly-force protection?” The knight was very confident. “Besides, the receiver of your optical computer on your protective sleeve has been ruined by me. Hah! An heir probably has only one receiver bestowed by the guarding beast god. Unless you have a backup receiver, you won’t be able to enter the World of Glory. The moment I found you, I went into World of Glory to supervise you, for fear that you might disseminate the news about this place immediately. But you didn’t. I’m not sure whether you are stupid or kind.”

Despite the fact that he was being constrained by the formidable force, Mosha body was not flustered. “You destroyed my World of Glory receiver, then guarded the Five-Colored Abyss Flower.” Mosha body flashed a smile. “But do you think I am that witless?”

The knight was stupefied. Indeed, the heir’s behaviors seemed unwise. Every heir was a talented fighter. How could this one have made such rookie mistakes?

“But you didn’t connect to the World of Glory, nor did you send out the information,” said the knight. “If you were connected to the World of Glory, I would have spotted you once you appeared in the open air square.”

“You may have ruined my World of Glory receiver,” said Mosha body, “but I still have a virtual universe receiver.”

“Virtual universe?” The knight was stunned. “The virtual universe of the humans?”

“Very good.” Mosha body smiled. “The instant I found you, I had left behind numerous messages in the virtual universe and set up the conditions to send. The messages will send the moment I become disconnected from the virtual universe. In that case, my friends and the super beings of my race will become aware of my disconnection.”

The three faces of the knight were growing increasingly ferocious. He gritted his teeth.

Although Mosha body had shapeshifted into an heir of a race different from the human race, he could still possess a virtual universe receiver.

No matter how high the costs were, many other races had placed information networks within the virtual universe. That was because only messages from the virtual universe could be sent to any domain in the universe. Therefore, it was entirely reasonable for a peerless talent from another race—probably controlling a human slave—to carry an anonymous account receiver.

The knight glared at Mosha body. “What do you want? Tell me.”

“My life is in your hands,” said Mosha body, stalling for time. “Even if you give me some treasures, you will kill me immediately by the time you get the Space Heart. How can I trust you?”

In fact, when Mosha body found the knight, he planned to dive into the five-colored pool to escape. Thanks to his research in the virtual universe, Luo Feng had uncovered some secrets of the Five-Colored Abyss Flower. There were five abysses in the Five-Colored Abyss Flower. If Mosha body dove into them, the abysses would transport him. However, since the Land of Origin would reject Luo Feng, his Mosha body could leave this place via the abysses. Normally, no universe knights—not even this knight of another race—would know the secrets behind the Five-Colored Abyss Flower.

But just as Luo Feng was about to execute his plan, he had changed his mind. For just as his Mosha body had flown into the space between the Five-Colored Abyss Flower and the Space Heart, Luo Feng had discovered something astonishing… and exhilarating!

The Life Crystal inside his Mosha body began emitting buzzing sounds.

The Life Crystal also had 10,081 surfaces, which had intricate space law engravings. The Life Crystal seemed to be resonating with the Space Heart above it as another bizarre form of energy transmitted into the Life Crystal and slowly transformed it.

Luo Feng had never heard of such a circumstance before, but it seemed beneficial to him. Both the Life Crystal and the Space Heart had 10,081 surfaces. They could both resonate with the Land of Origin and the law ocean, though the powers they contained were different. The resonance of the Life Crystal could make Mosha body’s space law comprehension dozens of times stronger than it currently was. As a high-level material, the legendary Space Heart—once shaped into an original true treasure—could absorb the godly force 10,000 times faster than it could now.

Apart from their size differences, they were distinct in quality. A sector-lord-level Life Crystal could be easily destroyed by an undying fighter, while the Space Heart indestructible.

However, peculiar changes started to occur as Mosha body appeared beneath the Space Heart. Under the resonance between the Life Crystal and the Space Heart, energy was continuously transmitted into the Life Crystal. It was because of these changes that Mosha body talked to the knight to buy himself some time.

The knight opened his three mouths and roared ferociously. Three voices echoed in the mountain. “Damn it! Tell me, heir! What exactly do you want?”

“Let me think,” Mosha body said with a frown.


Chapter 971: Birth

“I know my power very well,” Mosha body told the knight from another race standing beside the five-colored pool. “I don’t intend to take the Space Heart by force, and I don’t want to die, either. But how can I be sure you’re not going to kill me?”

The knight’s faces were a bit twisted. Suddenly, it said, “We can form an adventure team. As long as we’re in the same team, we can’t kill each other. Otherwise, we will be hunted down by the Ancestral God School.”

“Did you forget that my sensor for the World of Glory is already broken?” Mosha body said. “No.”

“Damn it!” the knight bellowed in spite of itself.

Nothing could work. What could it possibly do?

“Knight, give me a plan that can guarantee my survival, and I won’t say anything to anyone,” Mosha body said. “I’ll even volunteer to guard the Space Heart until it matures.”

Mosha body kept talking to the knight while thinking about his internal world. The Life Crystal and the Space Heart… One was small while the other was huge. One had the energy of a peak sector lord while the other was powerful enough to be the core of a true treasure. One was only an ordinary creature of the Mosha clan while the other only formed after the Five-Colored Abyss Flower absorbed the energy from the land of origin.

Weng! Weng!

The energies resonated as they were transferred into the Life Crystal. These energies were the essence of the Space Heart, the essence that had been cultivated for a long time, and the root of a core of a true treasure. However, they were now continuously being transferred into the Life Crystal, and growing with each passing second. The Life Crystal expanded, shrank, expanded, and shrank again. Each time, it was fundamentally, radically changed.

The root of Mosha body was the Life Crystal. Normally, one couldn’t go further after becoming a peak sector lord unless it became an undying fighter. However, its Life Crystal kept changing, resulting in a leap of life level—just as Luo Feng practiced the Nine-Volume Manual, which improved both his original earthling body and the golden-horned beast body even after they had reached peak sector-lord level.

Humans had their own ways to improve their genes, like using blood river crystals. Similarly, Mosha lives had their own ways of improving their genes. However, it was more demanding, and thus more difficult for them to do it. Besides, Mosha creatures were rare in the universe, and the secret to change was only known to the seniors of the Mosha clan. Few supreme beings of the other races knew about it.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Like waves crashing against a shoreline, the energies stored in the Space Heart continued transferring. And as the Life Crystal transformed, the amount of energy it could hold increased as well.

Gradually, after repeated expanding and shrinking, a golden engraving appeared on the Life Crystal, and slowly, more engravings appeared as if gracefully painted by an artist’s practiced hand. The more energies it absorbed, the more engravings came into being. There were already engravings on the Life Crystal, and the second set was more intricate than the previous set.

Mosha body tried to hide his joy, feeling himself evolving. Externally, he was still talking to the universe knight from another race.

“Okay, how about this—?” the knight started to say, but it didn’t finish the thought. It looked up in shock.

Mosha body felt something weird on top of his head. He looked up too and saw the 10,081 space cracks surrounding the Space Heart suddenly wink out and disappear forever.

“Huh?” said the knight.

From a distance, Luo Feng saw the energies in the Space Heart simmering. It had been stable for hundreds of millions of years, but now it was starting to destabilize after losing most of its energy. It looked deadlier now than before.

“The space cracks have disappeared?” The knight looked at the Space Heart with energies simmering inside. “It must have matured. Finally, it’s matured! The Space Heart is mine now! I don’t need to talk with this goddamn heir anymore!”

Sou!

The knight flew toward the Space Heart and tried to grab it.

Ka!

The Space Heart trembled, and a crack showed up on its surface, which dazed the knight. He looked at the Space Heart, stupefied.

“What’s happening?” the knight said, staring at the Space Heart.

His knowledge of the Space Heart was based purely on research; he had never seen a real one other than this one, let alone one that was maturing. He had seen the space cracks disappear, which should have been an indication of its maturity. He was perplexed, but he suspected that a mature Space Heart wasn’t supposed to be this way.

Kakakaka—!

More and more cracks appeared on the crystal.

“No, no!” The knight grew concerned, but he could do nothing about it.

Soon, the crystal ball and its 10,081 sections were covered with cracks. And then, energies from the Space Heart gushed out. It shone upon the entire mountain like a sun.

The knight was bewildered but still had hope. “Maybe it is going to die first—before it can be reborn. The energies are so extraordinary that they tremble the very space around us! The Space Heart is indeed powerful.”

On the contrary, Mosha body could feel the Life Crystal in its body morphing, and new engravings were carved on the Life Crystal more and more rapidly. While the Space Heart was covered with cracks, a complete and complex set of engravings was already formed on the Life Crystal. The engravings gave out a golden light.

There were two sets of engravings on Mosha body. One set was natural, and the other set was newly formed.

Just when the Life Crystal in Mosha body couldn’t evolve any further, and the set of engravings was complete, the energies from the Space Heart stopped transferring. The last remaining energies gushed out of the Space Heart. This both perplexed and lifted the spirits of the three-faced knight.

“It looks like it has reached its terminal power, and this is its last ray!” said the knight joyfully. “The evolution is complete!”

But Mosha body knew exactly what had happened. He could feel the full weight of the substantial energy had been transferred to him in that short period of time. Mosha body felt transformed—at once with his surroundings. Before, the relationship between Mosha body and the surrounding space was like a fish in a river. Now, he had become a drop of water in an ocean; he had become a part of the space.

I must study into the secret of this body, thought Luo Feng, controlling Mosha body from a distance. It seems that the Space Heart is going to crumble.

Luo Feng didn’t dare to stay longer. “Guard the Space Heart as long as you want,” said Mosha, gazing at the Five-Colored Abyss Flower below. “I’ll leave you alone now.”

The three-faced knight had already been guarding the Five-Colored Abyss Flower with his undying power, as he was afraid that the heir would self-destruct and damage it. However, he stopped caring about it after the cracks disappeared and seemed to mature.

Sou!

Mosha body dove into one of the golden ponds and vanished.

“Huh?” The knight from another race was stunned, glancing at the spot where Mosha body had disappeared. “He… vanished? Right in the middle of the Five-Colored Abyss Flower? Did he die or just flee?”

His information was not as nearly as detailed as Luo Feng’s. The knight only knew that the Five-Colored Abyss Flower provided energies to the Space Heart. Little did he know was that it was actually five portals.

“Whatever,” the knight said. “The Space Heart has already matured.”

The knight looked at the Space Heart that was emanating forceful energies with hope.

The Space Heart! It shone so brilliantly!

Peng!

Suddenly, the Space Heart burst like glass, and the fragments vanished.

“What—how? How?” the three-faced knight stammered in disbelief. “How is it possible? How could it break?”

Surely that heir had nothing to do with it. He had been watching him the whole time, and the heir hadn’t even touched the Space Heart.

“I didn’t know a Space Heart will break!” the knight said. “Was it because the heir dove into the Five-Colored Abyss Flower, causing a reaction?”

The knight looked down at Five-colored Abyss Flower. He couldn’t think of any other reason.

“No, no…” he said sorrowfully. “How could this happen?”

The knight didn’t want to believe it. He had been waiting for 3,000 eras for the Space Heart to mature. During the latest era, he had found that the Space Heart was formed. Since then, he had come here every day and inspected the mountain to make sure no other great beings would steal it.

After all, a Space Heart was a core ingredient to make an original true treasure, and it was as valuable as some other true treasures. Any true treasure—or any core ingredient to make one—was highly sought after by universe knights. He had been waiting for it for such a long time but had gotten nothing in the end.

“The heir did rush into the Five-Colored Abyss Flower,” said the knight, “but that was after the cracks had already disappeared. The Space Heart had matured!” The knight shook his head. “Why? What caused it to break?”

The knight’s pain and exasperation were too much. Its three faces roared simultaneously.

“Howl!”

The forceful undying power burst out of the caves in the mountain, and countless pillars of light erupted outward.


Chapter 972: Talent Techniques

The jubilant Mosha body didn’t bother to care about the knight’s reaction.

Swoosh!

The instant Mosha body dove into the golden pool, he sensed the distortion in space. He had entered an abysmal passage filled with dominant Godly Force of Gold and leading him rapidly to the Land of Origin—the Ocean of Gold Laws.

Boom!

As Mosha body was about to reach the Land of Origin, an irresistible power from the universe suppressed him and “kicked” him out of the passage.

Mosha body rolled, then stood in the air. He was in a void. In the distance were some irregular astronomical objects, including some giant, desolate meteorites and floating pieces of broken continents.

“Where am I?”

Mosha body immediately checked the universe coordinates and was pleasantly surprised when he saw the data. He had been ejected while on his way to the Land of Origin and had instead arrived at a void only a few light years away from the place that had been breeding the Space Heart.

“I’m several light years away from that mysterious place,” he said, “but luckily, this is close to Nine Remoteness Space. Ha! Not only did I waste no time, but I actually saved a lot of time. Now, regarding this transformation…”

Mosha body was filled with joy. He couldn’t wait any longer and began to examine the changes in himself carefully. Even if he could somehow acquire the Space Heart itself, he still wouldn’t have been as exhilarating as he was at this moment. After all, the applications of Space Heart would have been limited until Luo Feng’s strength reached a certain level. But as Mosha body clenched his fists, the formidable power it produced trembled the void.

“Break!”

Mosha body casually swung his right hand, which formed a claw shape, and tore through the void.

“Haha! This power is mighty…” he said. “And awesome!”

Previously, Mosha body had only had the strength of a pinnacle sector lord. His strength was so weak that he could only fight against official-level undying fighters with the help of his profound law comprehension.

“I am 100 times more precise than before!” Mosha body said, his eyes bright with excitement.

What was the reaction accuracy of a great being? Mosha body was sure that his strength had reached a stage 100 times stronger than the force of a sector lord. Among the billions of lineages in the universe, even the space beasts from the Twelve Pinnacle Lineages, like the golden-horned beast, were only ten times stronger than the force of a sector lord. Now that Mosha body had gained power 100 times stronger than that of a sector lord, he had reached the level of an average special organism.

The Space Heart had elevated him to the level a special organism. Of course, such a transformation could be attributed to Mosha body’s life characteristics. The weaker the Mosha body was, the greater the effect the Space Heart could exert upon him during his transformation.

“As far as I know, it is complicated to enhance the life gene level,” Mosha body said to himself. “Even by using all kinds of treasures, few great beings from the human race can improve ten times. The same probably applies to the Mosha clan. I can’t believe my Mosha body has enhanced 100 times. But perhaps this should come as no surprise. A Space Heart is, after all, the core of original true treasures.”

In fact, within the Mosha clan, the great beings on the senior level would use such life gene level enhancing treasures as the Space Heart to improve themselves. The effects on them, however, were not as pronounced as they were on Luo Feng. Perhaps only a once-in-a-billion-year, incredibly talented sector lord would be eligible to use such treasures.

Mosha body deployed his teleportation.

Swish!

Mosha body blended into the void and reappeared 60 million miles away.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

He kept teleporting himself to different places.

“Wow! My teleportation doesn’t induce changes in space ripples? Hah!”

As soon as Mosha body stopped, he couldn’t help but laugh heartily within the void. World level teleportation was normally like diving into space ripples rigidly and reappearing in the distance. Other great beings could easily sense the unusual changes of the space ripples. For instance, world levels were easy to be found once they teleported within the Ice Hell. However, things worked differently for universe knights. With thorough control of space laws, they could blend into space ripples seamlessly without causing any unusual changes. And when they reappeared in the distance, the space ripples would remain as expected. For example, when Luo Feng had stolen the black metal board and the Purple Knight appeared behind him via teleportation, Luo Feng hadn’t been able to notice his presence. A universe knight could teleport over 1,000 light years without causing the slightest fluctuation, whereas world level teleportation would induce abnormal changes by teleporting one light year or so. This was the distinction between the two kinds of teleportation!

“My teleportation no longer invokes changes in the space ripples,” Mosha body said, delighted. “I have never felt so closely connected to space as I do now. I felt like I was integral to space when I was in the central region of the cone-shaped mountain, but that intimate feeling has become clearer as I teleport at this moment.”

Mosha body integrated himself entirely into the space ripples and reappeared in the distance. If Mosha body had been favored by space before, he was now what would be considered a “space special organism,” who could seamlessly integrate himself into space 10,000 times better than before.

“The distance of the space ripples that I can sense has also changed,” said Mosha body joyfully. “I feel like I can teleport over 100 light years without causing the slightest fluctuations. Haha!”

Mosha body was exuberant. But he also knew what he had achieved was to be expected, for he had completely absorbed the essence of the Space Heart, thus becoming an incredible special organism. Special organisms like Silver Eyes were not only enormous in size but had numerous fascinating methods.

“Let me see the last method,” said Mosha body with a bit of anticipation in his eyes.

When the Life Crystal imprinted the second set of law engravings, Mosha body realized that he had gained another talent technique. Since he had never exerted this talent technique before and was not clear on its true power, but the talent techniques of special organisms were unique and dominant. If Luo Feng’s gene-level transformation—a result of cultivating from the Nine Volume Manual —could be considered artificial transmutation, then Mosha body’s conversion was more like natural evolution, which fit more comfortably within universe law!

No matter how much Luo Feng’s earthling deity and the golden-horned beast improved themselves, they would not attain another talent technique. But since Mosha body’s life crystal had been imprinted with a set of law engravings, he had gained one more talent technique.

“Begin,” said Mosha body and activated the new set of law engravings inside himself.

Buzz!

Instantly, everything within 6,000 miles of Mosha body was controlled by him. How fascinating it was to have absolute control over the surrounding space.

Eyes filled with excitement, Mosha body said in a low voice, “I am space… Space is me… This is my domain!”

The moment he deployed this talent technique, a large number of messages sent from the law engravings appeared in his head. This new talent technique was called “Domain!”

“Deity,” Mosha body said.

Buzz!

Suddenly, vague golden lights appeared in the void. Amid the golden lights stepped a figure. It was Luo Feng in silver armor and silver wings. Mosha body and Luo Feng looked at each other and smiled.

The deity of Luo Feng brought out Ji Hong Emperor from the World Ring.

“Greetings, my lords,” Ji Hong Emperor greeted Luo Feng’s deity and Mosha body. Due to the connection of their souls, he felt that both of them were his masters.

“Lock down the surrounding space within one million miles,” Luo Feng’s deity commanded.

“Yes,” Ji Hong Emperor answered respectfully.

As the godly force diffused, the surrounding space locked swiftly. The regular space ripples had paused.

“My lord, the space ripples within one million miles have been locked,” said Ji Hong Emperor with respect. “Teleportation is prohibited within this range.”

The deity of Luo Feng looked at his Mosha body and laughed.

Eyes closed, Mosha body once again enjoyed deploying his newly-gained talent technique, “domain.” Once he exerted domain, he could thoroughly dominate the space 6,000 miles around him.

Mosha body revealed a smile.

Swish!

He vanished and reappeared 3,000 miles away.

“What?!” Ji Hong Emperor stared at him with surprise.

As Mosha body flickered, he appeared 6,000 miles away.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Mosha body shifted his locations continuously, moving freely—as if the space lockdown didn’t exist.

“How is he able to teleport?” Ji Hong Emperor asked, utterly bewildered.

The principle of teleportation was to blend into space ripples and reappear in a far-off location via the space ripples. Once space ripples were locked, it meant that no one could teleport. Not even universe knights could violate this law. Before using this talent technique, Mosha body could easily integrate himself into space ripples without causing any fluctuations, but it had been impossible for him to vanish under the circumstances of space lockdown.

“This is domain,” said Mosha body. “In domain, space is me, and I am space. I am integral to space. By blending into space, I can instantly turn into space anywhere within 6,000 miles, then reappear.”

Mosha body was full of joy. It was not teleportation that he had just displayed, but a new, two-step transportation process. Firstly, he turned himself into the space with a range of 6,000 miles! Secondly, he changed himself back into Mosha body, with the ability to choose any spot within the 6,000-mile range to reappear. Domain was an incredible method that was unrestricted by any lockdown. Within the domain, Mosha body could be anywhere.

“The Talent Techniques of special organisms are marvelous,” mused Luo Feng. “Like the ‘endless reincarnation’ of Silver Eyes. Once glared at by his eyes, many great beings would die. Another example is Zhu Chong Emperor, a unique organism that has even destroyed universe knights. His talent techniques must be even more terrifying.” Luo Feng nodded. “Mosha body’s new talent, ‘domain,’ is not a method for striking attacks directly. If he wants to attack, he still needs to rely on law comprehension and creating techniques. But domain is, indeed, a top-notched method for assassination, escape, and adventure. Tut. With this talent technique, Mosha body is bound to be an assassin!”


Chapter 973: Nine Remoteness Space

Mosha body was not as skilled in attacking as some special organisms like Silver Eye. However, it excelled at assassinating and ambushing.

Sou!

Mosha body disappeared instantly, becoming a metal sheet within the interlayer of Luo Feng armor.

“I can now go anywhere with my Mosha body,” said Luo Feng.

The prospect was exhilarating. After all, Mosha body was almost as good at teleportation as ordinary universe knights, and “domain” was a technique that couldn’t be gained through training.

“It would have taken me roughly ten days to arrive at Nine Remoteness Space before, whereas now I can arrive there in half a day. My Mosha body can teleport 100 light years away and bypass the dangerous places.”

Luo Feng waved his hand and took Ji Hong Emperor back into his World Ring. Then he vanished into space.

Few dangerous places were 100 light years long, even in the Ancestral God Secret Region. Even if there were, Luo Feng could easily dodge them.

After half a day.

Luo Feng appeared, opened his silver wing, and looked upon the area before him. On the surface, Nine Remoteness Space looked like a boundless water world.

“Nine Remoteness Space,” Luo Feng murmured. “Hard to imagine that several creatures with universe-master-level power are living in this 12-lightyear-diameter region—in addition to the innumerable valuables that have been attracting heirs here for generations. Unfortunately, most of them failed and died. I hope fortune will be with me in my quest for the World Tree.”

Desire and aggression filled Luo Feng’s heart. He would have a much brighter future if he could have a World Tree as his third body.

The technique known as “manipulation of time and space,” the stabilization of God Country, and the enormous godly power… all of which, Luo Feng craved.

Sou.

Luo Feng vanished and teleported into Nine Remoteness Space.

It was quiet and dark in the mountainous valley. There were no plants or trees on the mountains, only rocks. The only thing that brightened the mountains was a waterfall flowing all the way from the top of the mountain to the lake. There, the water flowed outward in different directions via babbling creeks and streams.

Sou!

Luo Feng appeared in his silver armor.

“Finally, I’ve arrived,” Luo Feng said, looked around. He saw the desolate rocks and smiled. “It’s Rock Island!”

Although Nine Remoteness Space was filled with danger, there were some safe places where heirs could land without concern, and Rock Island was one of them. Nobody had ever found any danger on the island, and no one had ever been attacked by the terrifying beings of Nine Remoteness Space there.

“Desolation implies safety,” he muttered, “and there’s nothing but water and rocks here.”

Sou!

Luo Feng flew up like a flash of silver light. As he flew, he looked down and spotted pieces of broken armor and scattered bodies.

“Remains of heirs,” he whispered. He shook his head and sighed. “I presume that the heirs who died here were killed by other heirs.”

Although Rock Island was the safest place in Nine Remoteness Space, it did not offer protection against fellow heirs; heirs killing each other for valuables was common.

Luo Feng flew more than 60 million miles. Flying over the tallest mountain, he took in the mesmerizing view from afar.

“Breathtaking,” Luo Feng gasped.

He landed and stood on the top of the mountain’s peak, surveying the boundless ocean around the island. The water in the ocean was sometimes blue and sometimes purple. Suddenly, it became red, then transparent. As he watched, it turned golden, silver, grey, and blue, in that order. The color was constantly changing, giving it a magical appearance.

“Nine Remoteness Ocean,” Luo Feng said.

Nine Remoteness Space was mainly a limitless ocean containing islands of varying size. Some aboriginal residents lived on these landforms, and fearsome beings like World Trees inhabited others. One island, in particular, was colossal and had been named “Tree Island” by the heirs.

Rock Island was tiny and one of the most commonly visited islands on Nine Remoteness Ocean. Tree Island was much larger and was ranked among the top ten largest islands of Nine Remoteness Ocean.

Nine Remoteness Ocean is enormous but perilous, Luo Feng thought. The islands notwithstanding, even the ocean itself is terrifying. Especially the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. Rumor has it that there’s almost no way to get out if one becomes trapped in the whirlpool.

Luo Feng gazed afar. Based on the coordinates, Tree Island lay in that direction. However, it was too distant to see from here.

“I need to use my Mosha body again.” Luo Feng nodded and smiled. “Even if my Mosha body fails, I can breed it again.”

Sou!

Mosha body appeared, and Luo Feng teleported himself, following Mosha body. They crossed Nine Remoteness Ocean without difficulty and soon reached Tree Island.

“I’ll just wait here.” Luo Feng’s original body nodded and flew into one of the caves in the mountain. He turned on the micro-detector and hid himself.

In the sky.

Mosha body stood in the air and stared at the massive island hundreds of millions of miles away.

“Beautiful,” he said. “Rock Island is ugly by comparison. What a pity. So magnificent, yet so dangerous.”

Mosha body squinted to look at the awesome scenery on the island. There were plants and trees of all sorts, and flowers of all colors were blossoming. The view was spectacular.

The most eye-catching object was an emerald-colored tree whose crown was a vast, luxurious canopy. Its leaves sparkled like delicately carved jades. It was incredibly vivid and dominated the plants around it.

“The most powerful World Tree,” said Mosha body. “A universe-knight-level special organism that can rival a universe master. There are nine World Trees in total. He is the most powerful one.”

It was 360 million miles tall, and its crown had a diameter of over half a billion miles. Its crown alone was larger than Rock Island, and together with its glowing, jade-like trunk, it was a sight to behold.

“Three undying World Trees, and five sector-lord-level World Trees,” muttered Mosha body, surveying the eight World Trees that surrounded the most powerful one.

The taller ones were at the undying level, and the short ones were at the sector lord level. Even the sector-lord-level trees were 40 million miles tall—much taller than any other known creatures.

“There seem to be many typical flowers and grasses on Tree Island, but there are also lots of trees.” Mosha body frowned. “The strongest ones are the World Trees, but there are also some other undying-level trees here. According to my information, some universe-knight-level trees are of different types from the World Trees. It’s not just the World Trees I need to worry about if I land on Tree Island. I need to dodge other trees first.”

Mosha body stopped hesitating.

Sou!

He teleported and landed on Tree Island.

The World Trees were the kings of Tree Island, and many other botanical life forms lived there. Most of the plants on the island were quite ordinary, but a few of them were special organisms. Most of those special organisms could pose a threat to Mosha body.

I can’t let them see me or notice me, thought Luo Feng.

Mosha body disguised himself in the façade of a floating cluster of seeds on the wind—like the tuft of a dandelion seed floating in the air. Luo Feng couldn’t think of anything safer. A moving plant would have drawn attention, but a seed on the wind would hopefully go unnoticed.

Some of the powerful trees were intelligent, especially the undying-level ones, and they were not inferior to humans. As such, Luo Feng didn’t dare teleport himself directly to the most powerful World Tree. Teleporting would certainly draw that World Tree’s attention.

I’ll just flutter and flutter until I reach the World Tree, he thought.

The seed cluster kept fluttering slowly in the air.

Too slow…

The seed cluster was already approaching the World Trees as quickly as possible. He couldn’t alter its course or increase its speed without giving himself away. If it flew against the wind or at a different speed, it would be noticed, and there would be no hope after that.

I must be patient, Mosha body told himself. I’m in no rush. As long as I can fly near the World Trees, I can just take a leaf. If there are some leaves on the ground, that’ll work even better. I’ll just take a single leaf. I’m not greedy.

The seed cluster kept floating.

Tree Island was like the Arcadia of ancient myth—a land of beautiful, unspoiled wilderness. Countless seeds floated in the air, and Mosha body’s seed cluster was inconspicuous among them. But after three months of aimless floating, Mosha body was growing impatient.

Gazing at the World Trees still so far away, he shouted in his mind, Too slow!


Chapter 974: Bomb It

The seed cluster containing Mosha body still hadn’t reached the periphery of where World Trees lived, even after more than five months of floating. At the center was the most powerful World Tree, and the other eight trees surrounded it. The nine World Trees occupied about a quarter of the island. The other trees, which were at the undying level and universe knight level, all avoided the World Trees.

Weng!

The nine jade-like World Trees were glowing. Each had a halo surrounding it, and none of the floating seeds could penetrate those halos.

The seed cluster containing Mosha body landed silently. A sector-lord-level World Tree with a thick trunk was tens of millions of miles away.

I’m now at the closest spot to the World Trees, and the closest one is a sector-lord-level World Tree, thought Mosha body. Unbelievable! There are no fallen leaves!

Mosha body was raging and roaring inside. If there had been some fallen leaves of the sector-lord-level World Tree, he could have simply stolen a fallen leaf quickly and fled. And with his current teleportation proficiency, even universe knights would be able to find out where he had gone.

There’s no other way but to take a leaf by force.

Mosha body immediately made a decision. The hair on its seed cluster sensed the luxuriant leaves above. Although it was still tens of million miles away from the trunk. The leaves were like exquisitely carved jades, and each of them was sparkling.

Leaves fall only if they wither, thought Mosha body. But there’s so much energy in these leaves, how could they ever wither?

The hair on the seed cluster swayed with eagerness.

On Rock Island, in the distance, Luo Feng’s original body was looking forward to it.

“Please,” he urged. “You must succeed. With that leaf, I’ll have my third body!”

That seed cluster rolled over the ground under the wind. Even when it occasionally touched the halo and bounced back, it would be blown toward the World Tree again. By all appearances, it rolled on the ground randomly.

Sou!

The seemingly ordinary seed cluster suddenly vanished, and a blurry figure appeared beside an arm-sized branch at the edge of the crown of the sector lord World Tree.

Mosha body grabbed a leaf the moment it appeared and tried to tear it down. He was mighty—100 times stronger than a sector lord—but under the force of his pull, the thick twig of the sector lord World Tree only bent. The entire canopy trembled.

“Damn other races!” a shrill, angry voice said from the leaves.

“I… didn’t get it?” Mosha body was dazed.

Suddenly, all the surrounding leaves that had been swaying in the wind converged on Mosha body and entwined it.

Peng!

Mosha body was dismantled like a crushed egg—including his life core.

Mosha body was dead!

“So weak!” the World Tree scoffed. “Is this what passes for an undying fighter? How could he just die like that?”

The sector lord World Tree was perplexed. Other heirs had tried to steal its twigs before, as a twig of a World Tree could grow into a fully formed tree and stabilize a God Country. However, it was only a sector lord World Tree, so a single leaf couldn’t help much. Usually, one needed a whole branch! And every World Tree would strive to protect itself in the face of a threat.

On Rock Island.

“So powerful!” Luo Feng was stupefied. “Mosha body died before a fight could even begin. Based on what just happened, there’s no way it’s a sector lord. I’m sure it’s at the emperor level.”

Luo Feng was certain. All the twigs and leaves had instantly come down on Mosha body when he failed to break the leave, and his body had been crushed instantly.

“Then again, maybe the genes of a sector lord World Tree are 1,000 times stronger than those of humans,” said Luo Feng. “Besides, it’s instructed by that universe-master-level World Tree, so it must know amplification. That makes it dozens of times stronger. Altogether, that’s tens of thousands of times stronger than a sector lord, added to some natural skills for attack.”

Luo Feng nodded. It was an emperor level one. It was not surprising that Mosha body had been killed instantly

“The other World Trees didn’t even react when Mosha body died.” Luo Feng smiled. “Exactly as I expected. This kind of threat is nothing to the other World Trees, especially the most powerful one, who might only strike if the lives of the sector lord World Trees were in danger. I should learn from my mistakes.”

Luo Feng began planning his next move.

After a long while.

A blurry, golden light glowed in the cave. A figure appeared in the light. It was Mosha body.

“That just cost me some energy,” said Luo Feng.

Mosha body extended his hands to Luo Feng. Luo Feng turned his hands around, and a forceful flame god crystal started to dim on his palm. Mosha body took the crystal and teleported himself.

“I don’t believe I’ll fail again,” said Luo Feng, hostility flashing in his eyes. “The flame god crystal is not very powerful, but it’s enough to kill an official-level undying fighter, like a strike from a pinnacle emperor. That World Tree is only a sector level, and it can’t burn its body. It won’t be able to defend itself against that. And besides, it’s so large. Only a few hundred thousand square miles will be injured. It’s not a serious enough threat for most powerful World Tree to interfere.”

Luo Feng nodded. After all, if his own student were under a threat that was not overly serious, he wouldn’t intervene.

“I only need to bomb it once,” he said. “Leaves and twigs will fly around after that! I’ll teleport myself and flee after getting a leaf.” Luo Feng was looking forward to the result. He sensed Mosha body’s location.

“He’s arrived. He can definitely succeed this time!”

Mosha body first teleported himself above the ocean to a point distant from Tree Island.

“It wasn’t that far, and I can still accurately sense that position.” Mosha body looked afar, and aggression flashed upon his eyes. “Begin!”

Sou!

Mosha body teleported and appeared under the crown of the same sector lord World Tree.

“Explode!”

Mosha body threw the flame god crystal and teleported himself at the same time.

Sou!

It had disappeared.

Boom!

The flame god crystal exploded under the crown of the sector lord World Tree with a force that could kill an official-level undying fighter and rival a strike from a pinnacle emperor. Immediately, 30,000 square feet around the crystal disintegrated into nothing. The surrounding 1 million square feet was blasted to ruins, and farther away from the crystal lay some twigs and leaves. Still, it was nothing to a sector lord World Tree with a diameter of over 60 million miles. Besides, the explosion took place tens of millions of miles away from the trunk; the energy ripple couldn’t even shake the trunk.

“Return,” said the World Tree.

The emerald leaves that had been scattered by the explosion flew back to the crown, automatically merging with the original body, quickly recovering with the help of the Tree’s energies.

As it was recovering, a figure appeared. Mosha body flew toward the twigs and leaves that were in the process of returning to the tree. He grabbed a broken twig with several leaves on it. Each of the leaves was broken.

“Got it! Go!”

Mosha body teleported and tried to get away.

Weng!

Destructive energy met Mosha body as soon as he grabbed the twig. Mosha body trembled and was paralyzed. A strong wind pressed down on it, and it turned to dust and vanished into thin air.

“Damn other races! Damn other races!” The entire crown of the sector-lord-level World Tree was trembling. It roared, “Father, father! Let me kill him!”

“How unfortunate you are, Seven,” said another World Tree. “You’ve lost so many leaves.”

“Haha!” laughed another. “Seven, if it weren’t for our father, that thing would get away with it.”

The other World Trees all began laughing in different sounds—some hoarse and some clear, all mocking.

“Shut up, all of you!” yelled the World Tree that had been bombed, shaking its branches.

“Little Seven, that creature of another race is indeed very good at fleeing,” a soft and gentle voice echoed through the domain of the World Trees. “It can teleport without even causing a space ripple. If he gets away, it’ll be almost impossible to find him. I just punished him for wronging you. Isn’t that nice?”

“No, it’s not! It’s not!” The twigs and leaves on the sector lord World Tree were shaking crazily.

“Then make an effort to become an undying fighter like your brothers,” the gentle voice continued. “Then you won’t need to be scared of the other races.”

Heng!

The sector lord World Tree fully recovered from its injury after a short conversation, and all the leaves and twigs grew back. There was not a single leaf on the ground. It seemed entirely unharmed.

As the nine World Trees spoke, all the other life forms on Tree Island went silent.


Chapter 975: Bark Mirror Emperor

Inside a remote, quiet cave on Rock Island, shock filled Luo Feng’s eyes.

“It must be the most powerful World Tree!” he said.

Luo Feng could completely empathize with the terrible attack Mosha body had suffered and the desperation he felt. It was like an almighty being killing an ant, and Mosha body was the ant. It had to be the most powerful World Tree. Only it was capable of doing this.

“He attacked me,” said Luo Feng. “Although he’s only a universe knight, he has the power of a universe master with its identity as a special organism. Plus, there’s his colossal size. He attacked Mosha body.”

Luo Feng found it difficult to believe. His original plan was for Mosha body to show up instantly, grab a leaf, and teleport himself to escape. The time that elapsed was only a blink of an eye. Even undying World Trees shouldn’t have been able to stop him.

“All I took was a twig and a leaf, and that explosion only caused a minor injury to that World Tree. Was it really necessary to kill me? And for the World Tree to intervene personally?”

Luo Feng was full of grievances. He had finally, almost, had the twig and the leaf that would make it possible for him to breed his third body, after which he could have his breakthrough and immediately become an undying fighter. However, he seemed to have run into a major obstacle!

“I never expected the most powerful World Tree to meddle. My Mosha body has already been killed twice. That World Tree must be alert, now. What should I do?”

Luo Feng was anxious. He started to contemplate this problem, and the more he thought about it, the angrier he got.

“Why didn’t you just let me have that twig and leaf?” he muttered. “That World Tree has a crown 60 million miles wide. A single leaf is nothing to it. Do you really think it’s worth it?”

Luo Feng was mainly worried about the most powerful World Tree now—a creature that could rival a universe master! It had the talent technique of “manipulation of space and time,” and with the most powerful World Tree’s strength, it could control sky and land just as well as a real universe master. It must have also excelled at “time pause,” and perhaps it could even reverse time.

As long as the most powerful World Tree was in his way, Mosha body didn’t stand a chance of breaking free. Not if time was completely stopped.

“What should I do?” wondered Luo Feng.

Little did Luo Feng know, the most powerful World Tree was a father, and the other eight World Trees surrounding it were its sons. Like any ordinary tree planted in the soil, as time passed, saplings would naturally begin growing around it.

The most powerful World Tree, as a special organism, allowed some saplings to grow around it. A single twig could grow into a powerful Life Tree. As the most powerful World Tree, with endless life force, it had a mighty life origin. It grew eight saplings around it because it felt lonely, and it gave a portion of its essence from its life origin to the eight saplings, a bit like the Space Heart giving its essence to Mosha body.

The most powerful World Tree would rather give up some of its potential to nurture its eight saplings. It was like a father taking care of and cultivating its eight children. And since, like most trees, World Trees innately didn’t like to move, they had spent an eternity together. It was far more caring for its eight children than fathers of other races in the universe.

In this way, it was understandable that it was so protective of its children.

In the cave of Rock Island.

Several plans that had entered Luo Feng’s mind had a chance to succeed, but none offered guaranteed success.

“Mosha body has been successfully bred,” he said, sensing—in the Primal Secret Region of the Human Territory far away—his internal world had successfully bred Mosha body.

After only a few seconds, a blurry golden light flashed from God Country Transportation. It spent only a few seconds traveling from the Human Territory to the Ancestral God Secret Region.

Sou!

Mosha body stepped out and landed in the cave.

“Go.”

Mosha body teleported himself and disappeared again. He showed up in the sky of Nine Remoteness Ocean and could see Tree Island in the distance.

“I’ll choose the most conservative approach, with the highest chance to succeed.”

Mosha body disappeared again.

Among the seeds floating on Tree Island, another seed had joined in silence.

The seed cluster slowly floated toward the World Trees.

“I’ll spend another five months getting there, and I’ll land beside World Trees again,” Mosha body murmured. “Then I’ll let a pinnacle emperor slave throw a flame origin crystal and grab a twig and leaf. The pinnacle emperor might be killed in the end! However, those World Trees will regard my pinnacle emperor slave as the head. After the fight, there’ll be twigs and leaves flying everywhere, and lots of them will be outside the halo. That’s when my seed cluster will land on one of the leaves. Then I’ll teleport myself with a leaf. Ha! Even the most powerful World Tree with the power of a universe master can’t do anything because it can’t identify the special seed cluster.”

This was the new plan. Using a pinnacle emperor slave as a distraction to blast away a great number of twigs and leaves.

Time passed, and the seed cluster containing Mosha body floated along with the wind.

To the superior, most powerful World Tree, what had just happened was nothing but a brief interlude. After all, many heirs adventured in Nine Remoteness Space, and Mosha body trying to snatch a twig was hardly a threat. And many heirs had the power to kill his sector-lord offspring.

The most powerful World Tree’s only priority was to protect its children’s trunks. As long as the trunks were safe, twigs and leaves could be quickly recovered.

“I’ll just go with the wind, and I’ll arrive there in a month or so.”

The seed cluster floated with the wind, hiding among other floating seeds on the beautiful Tree Island.

In the area outside Nine Remoteness Space.

Sou!

Seven great beings from different races and suddenly showed up. One was crawling, with a godly body of 6 miles. It was the largest. The smallest one was less than two feet tall, including its wings.

“It’s Nine Remoteness Space,” said the first.

“We’ve arrived!” said the small one.

All seven great beings from other races looked at Nine Remoteness Space, all filled with great expectations.

“So fast. It only took us the time of a meal to arrive here.”

“And it’s all thanks to Here Crow Knight’s teleportation. Each time, he can teleport hundreds of or even thousands of light years farther, and we jumped over countless dangerous areas. Without Here Crow Knight, it would have taken a much longer time to arrive at Nine Remoteness Space, and we may have run into danger.”

“Yes, it was all thanks to Here Crow Knight.”

Suddenly, a piercing voice rang out, “Yes, we all need to thank Here Crow Knight.”

The other great beings went quiet upon hearing the voice. The great being who had spoken was covered in scales full of engravings. He stood there, slightly arching his back. His hands and feet were hooked claws. His hair and eyes were golden, and his voice was enough to shut the other great beings up.

“Am I correct, Here Crow Knight?” the great being asked, looking at Here Crow Knight.

Here Crow Knight was twenty feet tall with six pairs of black-feathered wings. There was a blood-red light dimming on his body; his mouth was like a blade, and his eyes were crimson. He was the same Here Crow Knight of the 100 million heirs on Bauhinia Island.

Here Crow Knight grinned. “I can only help on our way here. Now, we depend on you, Bark Mirror Emperor.”

“Nine Remoteness Space is filled with dangerous places,” said the largest one. “We’ll have a higher chance of surviving with you by our side, Bark Mirror Emperor.”

“Yes!” said the tiny one. “We’ve been stuck in an eternal loop! Lots of heirs wanted to go with you when they knew you were coming to Nine Remoteness Space. If we’re lucky enough to discover some valuables, you and Here Crow Knight should select first.”

“Depending on our contributions, Bark Mirror Emperor should pick first,” another spoke up.

Of the seven great beings, one was a universe knight and the other six were undying heirs. Here Crow Knight was the universe knight, and Bark Mirror Emperor was one of the undying heirs.

“Haha! Relax,” Bark Mirror Emperor laughed. “It shall be determined by our contributions respectively. I won’t take what should belong to you.”

Here Crow Knight laughed, too, as did the other five great beings.

Bark Mirror Emperor is famous for his insanity, ruthlessness, and greed, Here Crow Knight thought. If it weren’t for his incredible inspection skill, I wouldn’t have brought him here. As for the other five undying heirs? How can I let true treasures fall into their hands? But I do need to be careful of this Bark Mirror Emperor. I don’t want to become a stepping stone beneath his foot.

Here Crow Knight dreaded Bark Mirror Emperor. Bark Mirror Emperor was ranked in the top ten among all the undying heirs!

Since the beginning of the universe, there had been heirs arriving and being eliminated on Bauhinia Island. As time went by, the vast majority of them were at the normal level, whereas those ranked in the top ten were the best of the best. Zhu Chong Emperor, as a special organism, was only ranked third.

Bark Mirror Emperor was also a special organism, with its life level 2,000 times more powerful than ordinary life forms! Plus, he had two distinctive talent techniques. He had been admitted to one of the superpowers in the universe, the Northern Territory Alliance, and had been given a true treasure and a treasure. He was relatively weaker than Zhu Chong Emperor, but he was powerful enough to fight many universe knights.

“Let’s go into Nine Remoteness Space,” Bark Mirror Emperor said. “Let’s go to the safest place, Rock Island, first.”

“Okay, let’s go.”

Here Crow Knight cast teleportation, and they arrived at Rock Island instantly.


Chapter 976: Universe Mirror

In the sky of Rock Island, seven figures appeared. It was the group of Here Crow Knight and Bark Mirror Emperor.

“The desolate Rock Island,” said Here Crow Knight. “It perfectly matches the description in our information.”

The seven great beings looked around sharply. They had remained cautious since stepping into Nine Remoteness Space.

“It’s safe on Rock Island, but there are no valuables,” Bark Mirror Emperor said. He had been born with an unusually squeaky voice. “Besides, it’s a small island, and it will be dangerous if we step off it.” He glanced the other great beings and added, “I was ready to take my chances in Nine Remoteness Ocean and look for the valuables in that ocean. It is the most dangerous place in all of Nine Remoteness Space. You can choose whether to come with me or not.”

The other five undying fighters were shocked.

“Nine Remoteness Ocean?”

“Bark Mirror Emperor, are you really going to Nine Remoteness Ocean?”

Bark Mirror Emperor smirked. The other five were all from the Northern Territory Alliance like he was, which was why he had brought them here. However, it would be ridiculous for him to help the other five to search for valuables. He didn’t have enough time. “How about going to other islands first?” one of them asked.

Bark Mirror Emperor snorted, then looked at Here Crow Knight and asked, “What about you, Here Crow Knight?”

Although all of these great beings were his companions, Here Crow Knight was the only one he valued. After all, he was a universe knight as well as his rival. Nine Remoteness Ocean was a place filled with real danger, and it would be much safer for him to go with someone else.

The five undying heirs couldn’t be blamed for not daring to go. Nine Remoteness Ocean was an endless ocean containing thousands of islands. Most of the heirs went there for valuables, whereas only a few of them had the guts to go to Nine Remoteness Ocean. Although the ocean was boundless—and there might be more valuables hidden there than on all the other islands combined—it was also more hazardous than all the other islands combined.

The most dangerous thing in the Nine Remoteness Ocean was the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool in the core of the ocean. Once someone was trapped in it, it would be almost impossible to survive even for a universe knight.

Here Crow Knight was worried. “If you want to go to Nine Remoteness Ocean, I’ll come with you. But I need to make sure of one thing. You’re not going to the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool, are you?”

Bark Mirror Emperor shook his head. “Of course not. I’m confident, not reckless. There is danger everywhere in Nine Remoteness Ocean. I might dare to venture into other places, but I’ll avoid the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool at all costs.”

Here Crow Knight was relieved. “Fine,” he said. “I’ll come with you and explore Nine Remoteness Ocean.”

“Haha!” Bark Mirror Emperor’s squeaky voice gave him a shrill laugh.

Here Crow Knight laughed along with him.

The other five great beings looked at each other and consulted with one another telepathically.

What’re we supposed to do? Here Crow Knight and Bark Mirror Emperor are both going to the Nine Remoteness Ocean. What should we do?

Without them, our chance of surviving on the other islands is small. But if we follow them, we might be able to arrive at some magical places and get some treasures by luck. We’re their teammates. They won’t attack us.

We’ve been trapped at this stage for an eternity. I’ll take my chances. Let’s go.

I’ll follow.

Nine Remoteness Ocean is arguably the most dangerous place here. It’ll be worth it even if we die there.

The five undying heirs had made their decisions.

“Here Crow Knight, Bark Mirror Emperor, we’ll follow you.”

“Yeah. Any island in Nine Remoteness Space is dangerous. We’d rather go with you guys.”

“We’ll all come with you.”

Bark Mirror Emperor and Here Crow Knight were glad to bring them along.

“Let me search for any danger within the one billion square miles around us first,” Bark Mirror Emperor said.

“Please do, Bark Mirror Emperor.”

The other six, including Here Crow Knight, all stepped back. Bark Mirror Emperor had the best probing skills in the universe. He stepped forward and concentrated. The intricate engravings on his scales started to glow, and his golden eyes emanated an illusion that seemed to be a reflection of the surrounding space.

“Ahead of us…” said Bark Mirror Emperor, looking ahead. He said calmly and confidently, “There’s no danger on the island. When we cross the island, we’ll arrive at Nine Remoteness Ocean. The danger within 20 million miles of Rock Island can be ignored. The deeper into the ocean, the more dangerous it is. I’ve already discovered a universe-knight-level creature.”

Bark Mirror Emperor looked in another direction.

He claimed to be looking. Actually, it was his talent technique known as “Universe Mirror,” which could inspect everything within one billion square miles by reflecting it in the mirror. All the danger was visible on the mirror, unless it was a universe master who could completely manipulate the time and space of an area. Otherwise, nothing could evade the Universe Mirror. Other great beings wouldn’t even realize that they were being probed.

“I’ve found an undying-level special organism,” he said. He looked to his left and was momentarily dazed. “Huh?” Then he gave a weird smile.

“Bark Mirror Emperor, what did you find?” Here Crow Knight couldn’t help asking after seeing him smile like that.

“Haha… Take a guess!” Bark Mirror Emperor’s look was perplexing, which confused Here Crow Knight and the other five undying heirs. “It’s the famous Blade River Emperor.”

Here Crow Knight and the five undying heirs were all stunned.

“Blade River Emperor?”

“Interesting that Blade River Emperor has the guts to come to Nine Remoteness Space,” said Bark Mirror Knight. “I’ve heard that he has a set of wings that help him fly away. It’s a true treasure. I didn’t have the chance to kill him on Bauhinia Island, but now is a great opportunity.” He stuck out his thick, red tongue and licked his fangs.

“Bark Mirror Emperor, are you serious?” Here Crow Knight was shocked.

“Humph!” said Black Mirror Emperor. “You might not dare to act, but I’m from the Northern Territory Alliance, and we’re not afraid of that human alliance. You don’t need to be a part of it if you don’t want to, Here Crow Knight. Just behave yourself and don’t reveal my intentions to Blade River Emperor. Otherwise, you’ll make yourself my enemy.”

“Rest assured, I won’t meddle,” Here Crow Knight said, nodding.

Northern Territory Alliance was the alliance with the most members, and it was also one of the superpowers of the universe. It could rival the alliances of the peak races like the human race, the demon race, and the bug race.

“Let’s go.”

Bark Mirror Emperor smirked and flew away slowly. He didn’t dare to go too fast, as he didn’t want Luo Feng to notice him.

Greed filled Bark Mirror Emperor’s golden eyes. “It’ll be worth it for me to come to Nine Remoteness Space if I can get those wings. I won’t even need to risk going to Nine Remoteness Ocean after I succeed.” He was a special organism and was naturally greedy and ruthless. However, instead of being ashamed of how he was, he chose to be proud of it.

In the cave of the mountain.

Luo Feng used the micro-detector to conceal himself as he sat with his legs crossed. He had no idea that Bark Mirror Emperor had used Universe Mirror to detect him. Obviously, Bark Mirror Emperor was skilled enough not to be found by the micro-detector.

“One month left,” said Luo Feng. “After a month, I can get the World Tree’s twigs and leaves and breed my third body. After which, I can be an undying fighter.”

Luo Feng was looking forward to what was going to happen without realizing that seven great beings had already arrived at the mountain.

“Stop,” Bark Mirror Emperor said.

Here Crow Knight and the other five followed.

“That human has a micro-detector.” Bark Mirror Emperor sniggered. “Unfortunately, those detectors are useless. Even the top-tier detectors from the automaton race can’t compare with my techniques.”

“Seal!”

Bark Mirror Emperor looked at the mountain in front of him and used Space Seal. Suddenly, the space ripple in almost half the Rock Island stopped.

“Go in,” he said.

Sou!

Bark Mirror Emperor rushed into the mountain.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

The other six followed him.

“Something’s wrong,” Luo Feng said, glancing at some of the gravel in the cave as he sensed Space Seal. One of the gravels was a keepsake, and there was a second one hidden in another cave. They were used by his servants to position God Country Transportation.

“Even if I leave temporarily, I can still transport myself here directly.”

Sou!

Luo Feng opened his wings and flew out of the cave instantly. He felt a remarkable source of strength storming toward him the moment he rushed out of the cave a saw a great being that looked like a werewolf flying toward him. He had golden hair and golden eyes and was covered in scales, which were filled with engravings.

“Bark Mirror Emperor!” Luo Feng said.

He was startled. Dealing with one of the most famous special organisms on Bauhinia Island would be a handful. Bark Mirror Emperor was proficient in tracking and hunting, and he was greedy and merciless. Luo Feng shook his wings and sped up.

Sou!

“Haha, Blade River Emperor, are you really trying to flee from me?” laughed Bark Mirror Emperor. “I’m known for my tracking skills, and I aced space law. Besides, I’m innately fast and have a godly body much better than yours. So, let’s see who’s faster, you or me!”

Bark Mirror Emperor sped up, chasing after Luo Feng.

Bark Mirror Emperor had a mighty godly body, and his constitution was 2,000 times better than that of normal great beings. Human emperor limits were 100,000 times stronger than sector lords, whereas Bark Mirror Emperor was 200,000 times stronger, which made him equal to a universe knight—a powerful godly body with a natural gift for speed.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Bark Mirror Emperor was speeding up. Luo Feng sped up too but was astonished to see that Bark Mirror Emperor was gaining on him.

“What?” he said. “Second form!”

Luo Feng had to admit that he had underestimated Bark Mirror Emperor. He didn’t have time to think of anything else. Instead, he initiated the second form, and the plumes on that wings became sharp like sabers.

Hua, hua!

The wings tore the surrounding space apart, resulting in significant space turbulence. His body appeared blurry within the turbulence.


Chapter 977: Fight

Bark Mirror Emperor, chasing Luo Feng, was also trapped in the space turbulence, where there were all kinds of space fragments. Each space fragment was as enormous as a planet, which slowed him down as he rampaged among the fragments. He couldn’t concentrate on chasing Luo Feng anymore. However, instead of becoming upset, Bark Mirror Emperor grew joyful.

“True treasures are indeed impressive!” he shouted. “But you, as a mere human, are not qualified for such true treasures. As a special organism, only I am good enough for them! Give me the true treasures, and I’ll spare your life.”

Hong!

Bark Mirror Emperor’s force surged; he was already burning his godly body. For true treasures, he was willing to burn his godly body. Besides, the Northern Territory Alliance provided him with endless resources just to attract him, and he had abundant valuables to use to recover his godly body.

Hong!

Bark Mirror Emperor had a godly body that was more powerful than that of an ordinary knight, and once he started to burn it, his power soared.

Hong, long, long!

Bark Mirror Emperor sped up again, opening a wide portal among the space turbulence and crushing all the space fragments in his way.

Luo Feng sensed Bark Mirror Emperor’s speed skyrocket, nearly catching up to him.

“I’m slower than him…!” Luo Feng realized. He shook his wings.

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

He started to change directions continuously like a butterfly, pausing, darting, then zigzagging back and forth. Sometimes he rushed forward, sometimes he flew to his left, and sometimes he made a sharp turn. Generally, the faster one went, the more difficult it was to change directions. It was just like a sports car—the greater the speed, the higher the risk of rolling the vehicle while trying to navigate a turn.

Bark Mirror Emperor was unprepared for this. “He’s quite maneuverable!”

Bark Mirror Emperor was following Luo Feng as his directions changed. When flying straight, Luo Feng couldn’t match Bark Mirror Emperor’s speed, even he performed the second form of Shi Wu Wing and caused space turbulence. However, Bark Mirror Emperor panicked as he attempted to quickly change direction.

“Seal!” Bark Mirror Emperor got furious and used his undying power to suppress Luo Feng, but it was torn by Luo Feng’s Shi Wu Wings.

“Bark Mirror Emperor, why are you coming after me?” Luo Feng said. “My wings were given to me by a universe master. Even if you take them, they will be taken back in the future.”

“Haha! Don’t scare me with universe masters,” said Bark Mirror Emperor excitedly. “The Northern Territory Alliance has universe masters, too! No wonder it’s a true treasure. My constitution is way better than yours, and I’m faster than you. But I’m not as maneuverable. I can only speed up again and again to make sure you can’t get away.”

Here Crow Knight and the other five undying heirs flew in the sky above the Nine Remoteness Ocean as they watched Bark Mirror Emperor hunt Blade River Emperor.

“Bark Mirror Emperor can’t catch up with Blade River Emperor even after burning his godly body? Those wings really must be a true treasure.”

“Burning his godly body can speed him up, but the faster he gets, the more difficult it is for him to change his directions,” Here Crow Knight said. “Bark Mirror Emperor can only guarantee that he’s not left far behind. He should be attacking now.”

Bark Mirror Emperor couldn’t catch up. After a while, a purple crystal ball showed up in front of him.

Sou!

The purple crystal ball flew above Luo Feng much faster than Bark Mirror Emperor under his undying power. It quickly expanded and turned into a huge purple star with a diameter of thousands of miles, and a massive hole appeared under it.

Hong, long, long!

A whirlpool formed in the hole, and a forceful, swallowing power dashed Luo Feng. Under its effects, Luo Feng couldn’t maintain his balance.

“This is my sealing treasure,” Bark Mirror Emperor said with a laugh. “Though I can’t comprehend all of space law, with this treasure and my burning godly body, my sealing skills are better than that of a universe knight. Let’s see you break free of that!”

Luo Feng was trapped within an endless swallowing force.

Usually, creatures attack their enemies first and then seal an enemy when they are severely injured and can’t put up a fight anymore, Luo Feng roared in his heart. Yet you attempt to seal me first? Not possible!

“Shi Wu Wing, break it!”

Suddenly, the edges of his Shi Wu Wings sliced the surrounding space into pieces.

Of the many different kinds of treasures, sealing treasures were effective for sealing, but they had weak attacking power. Unless the great being was significantly inferior to the treasure, it was impossible for a sealing treasure to swallow a great being.

Chi, chi, chi, chi!

Shi Wu Wing kept slicing the space, and Luo Feng finally broke out.

“Huh?” Bark Mirror Emperor was dazed, but then he smirked. “True treasures are indeed impressive. Blade River Emperor, I didn’t want to kill you in the first place, but now, you brought this upon yourself.”

Bark Mirror Emperor opened his mouth…

“Silence!”

Everything turned quiet in the sky and land as Bark Mirror Emperor opened his mouth incredibly wide.

Here Crow Knight and the other five undying heirs were terrified and began murmuring to each other.

“If Bark Mirror Emperor howls, Blade River Emperor won’t survive it!”

“But Blade River Emperor has clone technique.”

“Either way, this body is not going to survive it, and his true treasures will fall into the hands of Bark Mirror Emperor.”

Here Crow Knight had the same thought, as Bark Mirror Emperor’s two talent techniques were distinctive in the universe. One of them was inspection, and the other was attack. He could see everything with his inspection technique… but he could crush a soul with his attacking technique.

The moment Bark Mirror Emperor opened his mouth, Luo Feng felt an invisible force.

“Howl!”

Even Luo Feng was knocked unconscious by this attack’s immensely powerful will. The soul roar was trying to annihilate his very soul.

Meanwhile, Tower Pearl, which guarded the core of Luo Feng’s soul, suddenly appeared, started to shine, and surrounded his soul. The roaring continued.

In front of Luo Feng’s soul, Bark Mirror Emperor’s head appeared, its phantom image opening its bloody mouth and bellowing at Luo Feng.

Weng-weng-weng!

The Tower Pearl started to tremble.

Luo Feng’s soul shook. The willpower around his soul had been destroyed. Only his core, which was being protected by Tower Pearl, resisted the force.

“Howl!”

Weng!

Tower Pearl strived to protect the soul.

Luo Feng regained consciousness. “How terrifying!” he mumbled, startled by the realization of what had just happened. “Before the Tower Pearl showed up, that attack knocked me unconscious. Apparently, I can’t resist it in the slightest. If it weren’t for the Tower Pearl, I would’ve been crushed. Even the Tower Pearl had a hard time resisting it.”

The more powerful the special organisms were, the more incredible their talent techniques were. Silver Eye was merely mediocre. Special organisms like Bark Mirror Emperor and Zhu Chong Emperor were the real talents.

“Time to run…!”

Luo Feng dove toward the Nine Remoteness Ocean, knowing he couldn’t get away no matter how skillfully he changed directions. Nine Remoteness Ocean was the largest and most dangerous place in Nine Remoteness Space, especially with considering the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool, but Luo Feng couldn’t worry about that right now.

Peng!

Water in the ocean was blasted away as Luo Feng traveled down into the Nine Remoteness Ocean.

“Impossible!” Bark Mirror Emperor said, blown away by what he had just seen. He couldn’t believe Blade River Emperor could resist the attack he was proudest of. His face was twitching as he dove into Nine Remoteness Ocean.

In the sky above the ocean.

Here Crow Knight and the other five undying heirs were dazed.

“He resisted it?”

“He didn’t die?”

They found it unbelievable.

Here Crow Knight kept shaking his head. “Bark Mirror Emperor’s godly body is so powerful that he can rival universe knights. Now that he’s burning his undying power to perform his talent technique, that attack can rival that of a universe overlord. How could the human, Blade River Emperor, withstand that?”

“Here Crow Knight,” said another heir, “Bark Mirror Emperor has the power of a universe knight, and he just burned his power to use his talent technique. How could Blade River Emperor repel that power? Unless… he has another true treasure used to protect his soul!”

“A true treasure to protect his soul?” The other heirs were dazed.

“That’s right, a true treasure,” Here Crow Knight said, nodding. “He has a soul, and he himself can’t defend against that attack. It had to be the true treasure—a true treasure used to protect his soul! Bark Mirror Emperor has two true treasures. The humans value Blade River Emperor so much that it’s certainly possible he has two true treasures.”

“Two true treasures!” Other five heirs couldn’t believe it.

“This is insane,” said Here Crow Knight, incredibly jealous. He was a universe knight, yet he didn’t have even one.

Bark Mirror Emperor and Zhu Chong Emperor both had two true treasures, and so did Blade River Emperor.

“If I’m lucky enough to have it, I’ll just hide,” said Here Crow Knight. “Two treasures, one used to flee and the other used to protect my soul.”

Aggression flashed across Here Crow Knight’s eyes. He dove toward the ocean, too.

In the cold, oppressive ocean, the water emanated a heart-stopping force.

Hong, long, long!

Bark Mirror Emperor kept chasing Luo Feng and kept and space sealed. At the same time, he roared, “Human, there’s no way you can escape. You could withstand my talent technique attack, which means you have a real treasure to protect your soul! It has to be! They’re both mine! Mine!”

Bark Mirror Emperor had gone crazy. A true treasure to protect souls was much rarer and much more precious than a flying true treasure.

Sou!

Luo Feng kept changing his direction in Nine Remoteness Ocean and dove deeper and deeper into this deadly area.


Chapter 978: Nine Remoteness Whirlpool

Deep in Nine Remoteness Ocean, each drop of water was as heavy as a mountain, but Luo Feng and Bark Mirror Emperor shot like missiles through the depths.

“Blade River Emperor, there’s no way you can escape!” Bark Mirror Emperor roared insanely. “Haha! You’re good at escaping and resisting soul attacks, but unless you have a flying-palace true treasure, I refuse to believe you can defend yourself against my material strike! Die!”

Hong!

Bark Mirror Emperor waved his paws, and a stream of terrifying undying power manifested as a blurry gray beam that shot toward Luo Feng, still trying to escape by changing his directions irregularly.

Luo Feng was startled. “Damn it…!”

Although Bark Mirror Emperor followed the warrior path, releasing undying power was a rather easy way to attack. Normally, it was relatively weak, but Bark Mirror Emperor had extraordinary undying power, which he was currently burning. Even this weak tactic would be enough to kill Luo Feng if he was hit.

There were many kinds of true treasures. Sky Wolf Palace and Star Tower belonged to the “flying palace” category of true treasures.

When it came to avoiding a fight, such true treasures would come in handy. If Luo Feng were able to hide inside Sky Wolf Palace, enemies couldn’t hurt him even if they bombed Sky Wolf Palace continuously.

Unfortunately, I don’t have that kind of true treasure, thought Luo Feng.

He maintained his high speed, and each time his Shi Wu Wings shook, the shockwave resulted in great space turbulence.

Hong!

A pillar of undying power cut through the ocean. Space turbulence and erupted to Luo Feng’s right.

“I’ve dodged it,” Luo Feng thought, relieved. His high-speed changes of direction made him difficult to hit.

“Haha!” Bark Mirror Emperor laughed. “I was right. You don’t have flying palace-type true treasures. Blade River Emperor, you’re relying on your wings to escape and your soul true treasure to resist soul attacks. Unfortunately, you don’t have a true treasure to defend yourself against a material strike. You’re doomed. Let’s see how many more times you can dodge it!”

Hong! Hong!

Two pillars of undying power were fired at Luo Feng. There was no law comprehension in them; on the contrary, they depended on burning, undying power that could rival universe knights.

Madness filled Bark Mirror Emperor’s eyes. “I can’t catch up with you, but my undying power can!”

He was far stronger than Luo Feng and chased him as if trying to swat a troublesome insect. The insect may have been agile and armed with soul true treasures, but if Bark Mirror Emperor used pure undying power to crush him…

Unless Luo Feng had a true treasure like Sky Wolf Palace, he would have no chance of survival!

Should I summon Mosha body back? Luo Feng wondered, still changing his directions irregularly.

A pillar of undying power flashed beside him while the following one clipped the edge of his wing, spinning Luo Feng around. He was stunned but still managed to change directions again rapidly, making the best of Shi Wu Wings.

Although Mosha body has the talent technique “domain,” it only works on the body itself—it can’t carry me, Luo Feng thought.

This was the limitation of domain. It was a completely different skill than teleportation. One could teleport along with other life forms and enter a space ripple together, reaching faraway places instantly. But domain was limited to within a diameter of 6,000 miles of Mosha body.

Domain was achieved when Mosha body merged with space, then turned back into Mosha body. Luo Feng’s original body couldn’t do that—unless, perhaps, he entered the World Ring and let it be carried by Mosha body.

However, with Bark Mirror Emperor’s permeating undying power, he had no chance of getting into his World Ring.

“Escaped again?” Bark Mirror Emperor smiled smugly. “I didn’t expect you to dodge my attacks twice. Those wings aid you well in your escape. Let’s see if you can dodge it for the third time!”

Bark Mirror Emperor’s madness intensified as he began to condense a mass of tempestuous undying power.

Undying power needed to be condensed in order to be forceful. If it was dispersed among a 600-million-mile area, it was feeble and could only be used for detection instead of attacking. When undying power couldn’t be condensed further, it formed a godly body.

“Undying power into threads!” roared Bark Mirror Emperor. “Cage!”

Bark Mirror Emperor reached out his paws, and suddenly, thousands of undying-power threads shot out in pursuit of Luo Feng. Each of the threads was as concentrated as possible, like Bark Mirror Emperor’s godly body.

The move had consumed 10 percent of Bark Mirror Emperor’s godly body. Since the start of the battle, all his other moves had only cost him 1 percent, but this single move, producing thousands of threads, required an immense quantity of undying power.

“There’s nowhere to run!” Bark Mirror Emperor seethed. Two true treasures awaited him after he defeated Blade River Emperor! He could even escape universe overlords if he had those two!

Hong!

In an instant, a giant whirlpool appeared before them, producing a massive, tearing current.

Bark Mirror Emperor turned toward the whirlpool, astonished. “What?”

As Bark Mirror Emperor watched, a towering red figure emerged from the whirlpool. Two bloody horns protruded from its head. The figure leveled its gaze at Bark Mirror Emperor.

“Other races,” growled the horned figure. “How dare you roam the Nine Remoteness Ocean. Die!”

“A Nine Remoteness Whirlpool!” said Bark Mirror Emperor. “And a great being… in a Nine Remoteness Whirlpool?”

He was well aware of the dangers of the Nine Remoteness Ocean, the deadliest of which being Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. But he had never expected the whirlpool to appear out of nowhere or for a great being to reside within it. He could sense the horned figure’s energy. It was a universe knight. And it was superior to him.

Hong!

A burning, bloody light from the horned universe knight shrouded Bark Mirror Emperor.

“Begone!” Bark Mirror Emperor cried, manipulating the threads of undying power against the bloody light.

It would have been easy to kill Blade River Emperor with these threads, but the great being in front of him was his real enemy. Thousands of threads, making up of 10 percent of his godly body, coalesced into a spear flying toward the bloody light.

Hong! Long!

The two forces crashed and exploded in the water, each dispersing in the aftermath.

“You’ve got some skill,” the universe knight said, a bit surprised.

“Die!” Bark Mirror Emperor roared as he cast his talent technique. “Silence!”

Silence engulfed the area around them, and a soundless shock wave ripped forward and slammed into the universe knight in the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. But nothing happened.

“Haha!” the universe knight chuckled. “A soul attack is useless to me!”

The towering figure with its bloody horns roared and hurled himself at Bark Mirror Emperor.

“You can do nothing to me,” Bark Mirror Emperor scoffed.

The thousands of threads had consumed 10 percent of his godly body while the strike from the enemy had cost him less than 2 percent. Although Bark Mirror Emperor knew he was weaker than this great being, he was unafraid.

“It’s no wonder only one in 100 universe knights survives the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool,” said Bark Mirror Emperor. “Is anyone who shows up here as powerful as this universe knight? I’ll disregard him now. I can’t beat him, but I’m faster than he is.”

Bark Mirror Emperor turned around and continued to chase after Luo Feng. The towering figure with the bloody horns raced forward in pursuit.

Sou!

Sou!

Bark Mirror Emperor was proficient in tracking and hunting and possessed unparalleled speed when he accelerated. Luo Feng, even after casting the second form of Shi Wu Wing, couldn’t match Bark Mirror Emperor, and neither could the universe knight.

“I’ll kill you, Blade River Emperor!” roared Bark Mirror Emperor, right on Luo Feng’s heels. “Then I’ll escape.”

He waved his paws, and threads of undying began to concentrate again.

“Fight!”

Luo Feng had been lucky that the bloody-horned figure showed up and forced Bark Mirror Emperor to manipulate his threads to deal with the real threat. But now, Bark Mirror Emperor knew he was not the universe knight’s match and resumed focusing on killing Luo Feng.

Luo Feng had no time to think. His erratic movements had brought him back around, almost in a full circle. He shook his wings and dove directly into Nine Remoteness Whirlpool.

Hong! Long! Long!

Nine Remoteness Whirlpool possessed an incredible tearing, all-consuming current. Luo Feng was sucked inside the moment he touched it.

Bark Mirror Emperor saw Blade River Emperor dive into Nine Remoteness Whirlpool just as he finished condensing his threads.

“No!” he shouted in exasperation.

Bark Mirror Emperor was powerful, but even he didn’t dare to go into the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. As for Luo Feng, he could only resort to taking this last-ditch effort. Bark Mirror Emperor’s only choice now was to flee for his life from the horned universe knight.

“My two true treasures!” Bark Mirror Emperor growled through clenched teeth, flying out of the ocean and up in the sky.

Hong!

The bloody-horned figure of the universe knight stepped out of the ocean and onto the rolling waves. It looked up just in time to see Bark Mirror Emperor teleport and disappear.

The universe knight smirked. “Was it something I said?”

The bloody-horned figure reentered the ocean and swam back down, approaching the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. Without hesitation, it dove into the whirlpool.

Above the ocean.

Here Crow Knight remained behind a moment longer. He had been watching the fight and was terrified.

“Everyone says the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool is the portal to the core of Nine Remoteness Ocean,” he said. “There must be a group of great beings living there. The one that just showed up was stronger than me, and it comes from a race that’s immune to soul attack. That human, Blade River Emperor, went directly into Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. Now he’s dead, and his true treasures shall be lost forever in the core. What a pity!”

Coldness flashed in Here Crow Knight’s eyes. “But at least Bark Mirror Emperor doesn’t have them…”

He gazed at the whirlpool afar. Although the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool had appeared out of nowhere, it was still there now, and it was likely to remain there for a long time… And it somehow felt enticing. As if it were luring Here Crow Knight to come in.

“Too risky,” said Here Crow Knight, shaking off the strange feeling. “A portal that appears out of nowhere and isn’t God Country Transportation… No wonder it’s the most dangerous place of Nine Remoteness Space.”

He teleported himself and disappeared.


Chapter 979: Another Sky and Land

The moment he entered the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool, Luo Feng felt an immense, tearing current the likes of which he’d never encountered before. He felt like he had been caught beneath a millstone grinding grain. His body crackled, and his face twisted.

“The current alone will annihilate me!” Luo Feng realized, terrified. “Seal Star!”

Sou!

A seal star appeared—a sealing treasure with a space inside—and Luo Feng wriggled into it. As long as he hid in it, attacks from the outside would be significantly weakened. However, there was a major downside to doing so. Since the seal star couldn’t fly quickly or dodge independently, enemies could grab hold of it. This made it practically useless when trying to avoid a pursuer, such as fleeing Bark Mirror Emperor.

It was a beautiful world inside the seal star. Beams of golden light flashed through the sky above the boundless solid ground. Luo Feng merged his mind with the seal star and used his spiritual force to detect the external world around the star.

It’s kind of like the wormholes of the secret region, thought Luo Feng.

Previously, a wormhole had sent to the five-colored pool, and luckily, he had gotten the Space Heart as a result.

“Well, here I am,” he said.

But as Luo Feng felt the surroundings becoming steady, he inspected the external world, and his heart missed a beat. He could distinctly sense an army formed by life forms of other races, all of whom had red, burly bodies and bloody horns. They appeared to be of the same race as the universe knight that had chased after Bark Mirror Emperor.

A squad of warriors closest to the portal of the whirlpool suddenly flew toward it, approaching the seal star.

“Huh? A valuable?” one said.

“What valuable is it?” said another.

When they felt a spiritual force passing through their bodies, all of them started to roar furiously.

“An invader from another race!”

“Other races trespassing!”

Sou!

The star disappeared, instantly replaced by a silver-armored, silver-winged man.

Luo Feng looked around and saw 300 warriors, all of whom were undying fighters. The leader had such powerful energy that he might have been an invincible emperor.

Luo Feng felt numb. Even the human race did not have the ability to deploy 300 undying fighters to guard a single area.

For a random squad stationed here to be so strong… he thought, looking around in astonishment. According to my knowledge of this place, this isn’t the only Nine Remoteness Whirlpool in Nine Remoteness Ocean. I wonder if all of them are so heavily guarded.

Many of the bloody-horned warriors grew eager—like predators in the presence of prey.

“Sorry,” said Luo Feng. “Can’t stick around.”

Sou!

Luo Feng shook his wing and started to fly away.

“Intruder!” one of them roared.

“Quick! Go after him!” the captain shouted. “First team and second team, follow me! Third team, stay here!”

Howl!

Howl!

Suddenly, one bloody shadow after another flew up into the sky, roaring and raced toward Luo Feng.

As soon as Luo Feng breached the ocean, he felt the stark difference between the outside world and the sky and land, which were so different from other districts in Nine Remoteness Space. Stars shone in the sky, and a blurry, bloody mist permeated the air, giving the entire sky and land unparalleled strength.

“The resistance is so strong!” he said.

Suddenly, he realized that the strange strength here stopped the space ripple completely, thus suppressing God Country Transportation.

“No teleportation…!” he muttered in disbelief. “No God Country Transportation!”

Finally, Luo Feng understood why even universe knight-level great beings could only arrive here through the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. Teleportation and God Country Transportation were impossible.

Howl!

“Hahaha!”

Laughing voices blasted Luo Feng’s ears with undying energy. He looked back to see a multitude of bloody figures dashing toward him.

“Foreign invader!” roared the captain. “This sky and land belong to our race. While you are heavily suppressed here, we are unaffected. There’s no way you can get away!”

Luo Feng could feel the bloody mist suppressing the space ripple, yet these creatures flew unaffected.

“You, merely undying fighters, want to catch up with me?” Luo Feng said.

Heng!

His Shi Wu Wings ripped through the air, causing space turbulence as his speed surged, and he shot into the distance.

The warriors could only watch as the intruder flew farther and farther away. Soon, he became a small, silver spot, then vanished. They stood there, perplexed and staring at each other.

“How could he be so fast?” they asked one another. “He’s only an undying fighter from a foreign race. How can he be faster than us here in our homeland?”

The 300 undying warriors were unprepared for this. They were highly experienced in dealing with foreign invaders. The speed of undying fighters of other races was always sharply reduced when they entered their homeland, thus allowing them to easily outpace any intruders. If it was a universe knight, they would immediately report it and ask the universe knights of their race to take up the matter, but this one had only been a normal undying fighter.

“Damn it!” roared the biggest of the bloody-horned warriors. “We let an undying fighter from another race get away!”

They warriors looked to their captain. “What should we do, captain? What now?”

The burly figure growled, “We report what happened, of course! Unless you want to die!”

Stars shone in the sky, dimmed by the bloody mist hanging over the land. Mountains, streams, and forests covered the land. When Luo Feng finally felt confident that he had evaded the 300 warriors, he slowed to a halt and looked around.

“Such a large world,” he said. “I’ve flown 6 billion miles already and haven’t encountered any other life forms. This race must only have a small number of creatures, but they’re all incredibly powerful.”

He sat down with his legs crossed.

No teleportation and no God Country Transportation, he thought. Which means I can’t break out of here. All I can do is wait to be killed by this race like a lamb awaiting the slaughter!

Luo Feng checked his coordinates and found that, strangely, this sky and land were the at the bottom of the Nine Remoteness Ocean.

“I’m at the center of Nine Remoteness Ocean,” he muttered to himself. “According to my coordinates, it’s still inside Nine Remoteness Space.”

Though I can’t teleport myself, my Mosha body could use his talent technique “domain” to get in, he thought. As long as Mosha body isn’t also hunted, he should be able to get here without any trouble.

“I’ll wait here first,” he said. “Mosha body has been floating for such a long time on his approach to the World Tree, and it’s only a month before he reaches the final stage of the mission.”

Luo Feng pondered the situation for a while and concluded that what happened around him was already beyond his control, whereas he was confident that Mosha body could get a twig and leaf of the World Tree this time.

“I can’t give up now,” he decided. “Besides, escape is not guaranteed, even if Mosha body were to enter now. I need to get in touch with my teacher first.”

Just as Luo Feng connected to Primal Chaos City Leader through the virtual universe, members of the indigenous race were communicating with each other through the virtual world they had set up in Nine Remoteness Space.

In an opulent palace in an ancient city at the center of Nine Remoteness Space, a burly black-armored universe knight roared with fury.

“A foreign invader? You can’t even catch an undying fighter from another race! Follow me, my children!”

“Yes, general!”

The burly universe knight led an elite team of ten warriors to fly out from the city.

“Ma Ma Tuo,” a voice said within the universe knight’s head.

His godly body trembled before he stopped, and the warriors behind him followed his lead.

“General?” the warriors said, confused.

“It was the prince,” the burly universe knight said in a deep voice.

“Prince?”

The ten captain-level elite warriors were all started. They quickly began to grovel, along with their general, as in the distance, tens of creatures flew out of the most towering palace of the ancient city. Three of them were unbelievably powerful. They reached the group in no time.

“Your highness,” the universe knight-level general said, bowing to show respect.

“Your highness,” echoed the ten warriors behind him as they kneeled.

The leader of the creatures that had just arrived had a handsome face covered in red engravings. He wore gorgeous armor of gold and red, emanating a powerful ripple that could only have come from a true treasure. He was the prince, and he stood apart from all the others of his race. He looked as if he were from a different race entirely.

“General Ma Ma Tuo,” said the prince in a fair voice. “I just heard that a team under your command found a foreign invader. He’s only an undying fighter, yet he managed to escape your team?”

“Yes, your highness,” the burly general answered respectfully.

“Interesting,” the prince continued. “An undying fighter with such power. I heard that out of the heirs in the Ancestral God School, some undying fighters are mighty. I’m also undying. Who’s better? I wonder. Him or me…?”

“You have invincible power, your highness,” answered General Ma Ma Tuo. “That invader is not your match.”

“We can’t underestimate other races,” the prince said. “Lead the way. Let’s go hunt this undying fighter from another race.”

“Um…” The burly general was dazed.

“You’re afraid that I might run into danger?” the prince asked.

“No, that’s not what I meant, your highness,” the general answered.

“Humph! All of my 107 brothers are still alive,” the prince said confidently. “How dangerous can it be? Go.”

“Yes, your highness,” the general said, with no choice but to follow orders.

Sou!

The great beings departed to hunt down this undying fighter alongside their prince.


Chapter 980: Nine Remoteness Master

At the apex of Thunder Island in the virtual universe, outside the palace surrounded by fog, Luo Feng showed up.

“Things are out of my control,” Luo Feng said, standing in front of the palace and pondering what had happened. “If I can’t get out there, my treasures will get taken away. It’ll be difficult to get them back.”

“Luo Feng,” said a voice.

Luo Feng was dazed and turned his head. He saw someone in a golden cape standing beside the cliff. It was Primal Chaos City Leader, who was overlooking Thunder Island below him.

Luo Feng walked towards him and saluted. “Teacher.”

Primal Chaos City Leader glimpsed at Luo Feng and smiled. “You came here to see me, but you’re wandering outside the door. You told me before you were going to Nine Remoteness Space to find the twigs and leaves of World Trees to breed your third body. What happened? Did something go wrong?”

Luo Feng answered respectfully, “I’ve been following my plan with the World Trees, and I hope I can get some. However, something happened to my original earthling body.”

“Hmm.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng.

“My original earthling body was hiding in Rock Island, the safest place in Nine Remoteness Space, but I didn’t expect another group of heirs to arrive. One of them was Bark Mirror Emperor. He’s famous for his tracking skills, and that was how he found me. He’s jealous of my true treasures, and he attacked me.”

“Bark Mirror Emperor?” Primal Chaos City Leader was startled. “How did you escape if he attacked you? Have you lost your true treasures to him?”

“No.” Luo Feng shook his head. “I got away.”

“You got away?” Primal Chaos City Leader was bewildered. “Although he’s only an undying fighter, he can rival a universe knight, especially with his talent technique.”

“I have another true treasure to protect my soul,” Luo Feng said.

“Another true treasure?”

Primal Chaos City Leader furrowed his brow. He could infer from Luo Feng’s past battles that Luo Feng’s spiritual force weapon was a true treasure, but he didn’t expect him to have a third true treasure that could protect his soul.

“Luo Feng,” he said, “how many true treasures do you have now?”

Luo Feng was a bit embarrassed. “Three. Shi Wu Wing, spiritual force weapon, and a true treasure to protect my soul. Only three.”

“Only three?” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “I only had one true treasure when I was a sector lord. Count yourself lucky.”

Luo Feng was a bit perturbed. What if Primal Chaos City Leader teacher asked him where he had obtained the other two true treasures?

“Even if you have a true treasure to protect your soul, Bark Mirror Emperor has the power of a universe knight and won’t let you go that easily,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

Luo Feng was relieved that his teacher didn’t ask where the two true treasures had come from. Otherwise, he would have to lie. After all, star tower was the biggest secret. True treasures like Star Map and Shi Wu Wing were looked down upon by lots of universe masters, who gave them to the great beings of their own races.

True treasures like Sky Wolf Palace were desired by universe masters, and true treasures like Thousand-Treasure River were craved for by universe masters. As for the top-tier ones like star map, they would send the races of the universe into a frenzy. Even by the most powerful beings in the universe longed for them, just like Five-Color Aurora Lake, which protected the greatest power in the universe.

Luo Feng knew that the secret of star tower could not be exposed before he could fully control it. Otherwise, no matter how many people were on his side, he wouldn’t be able to stop the mad desire of the other great beings.

“Theoretically, I wouldn’t have gotten away,” said Luo Feng. “However, he was chasing me in the Nine Remoteness Space. I found the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool and thought it would be difficult to get the true treasures back if they fell into the hands of Bark Mirror Emperor. Although the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool is famously hazardous, I figured I wouldn’t die instantly, at least, so I dove into the whirlpool.”

He paused for a moment. “Nine Remoteness Whirlpool was kind of similar to a wormhole. I went to another world. A group of special organisms live there, all of whom are tall and red with bloody horns. There are hundreds of undying fighters of another race guarding the entry point. Luckily, I managed to escape. I think there will be more great beings coming after me, and I can neither teleport nor cast God Country Transportation in that world. The only thing I can do is to stall. The sky and land there are enormous, so I might be able to avoid detection for a while.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded his head mildly. “You did the right thing. Bark Mirror Emperor comes from the Northern Territory Alliance, and their behavior has been tyrannical. You won’t get your belongings back if you lose them to them.”

Luo Feng began to sweat. Tower pearl was connected to the most vital things. Although it was unlikely that Bark Mirror Emperor would recognize that, star tower would acknowledge someone as its master only after the tower pearl merged with that creature’s soul, which was why it had to be protected at all costs.

Luo Feng looked at Primal Chaos City Leader. “What should I do now?”

“Haha! Are you asking a favor now?” said Primal Chaos City Leader, a smile on his face. “I’ve never been to the Ancestral God Secret Region, and I know little about it, but I know some of the most terrifying beings in the Ancestral God Secret regions who can roam the universe. What are the universe coordinates of this strange land?”

“Below Nine Remoteness Ocean,” Luo Feng said.

“Hmm.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Then I’ve guessed correctly. I can only sense the keepsake you left there, and it’s being interfered with by that realm. There are only a few beings in the universe that are capable of doing that.”

Luo Feng was startled. That was the saving object his teacher had given to him, and it was used to call for help from his teacher in a crucial moment.

“I’ve never been to Nine Remoteness Space, but I know the master of Nine Remoteness Space is called ‘Nine Remoteness Master,’” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “The sky and land you’re currently in is his home.”

“Nine Remoteness… Master?” Luo Feng blinked his eyes.

“That’s right. He’s a universe master. Of course, you mustn’t compare him with Master of Sky Wolf. Nine Remoteness Master is at least as powerful as me.”

Luo Feng was shocked. At least as powerful as his teacher? Primal Chaos City Leader had three bodies, and all of which were incredibly powerful. To think that Nine Remoteness Master was his teacher’s equal!

“Nine Remoteness Master can roam the universe, and almost no one is his better.” Primal Chaos City Leader continued. “Even the Ancestral God School treats him with respect, and the three ancestral gods are friends with him. Nine Remoteness Master deals with things that they and the beast gods find… tricky.”

Luo Feng listened carefully.

“He is mighty,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Especially in Nine Remoteness Space, his home. There, he is invincible, and no one in the universe can possibly defeat him.”.

Luo Feng opened his eyes wide. There was no need for his teacher to lie to him.

Everybody said Primal Chaos City Leader was unbeatable while within the primal universe. Little did they know that Nine Remoteness Master was also undefeatable while in Nine Remoteness Space.

“In Nine Remoteness Space, he can realize his full potential,” Primal Chaos City Leader explained. “The most powerful World Tree—and some other beings that have the power of universe masters—as long as they live in Nine Remoteness Space, they all serve Nine Remoteness Master. That’s why other supreme beings of the universe are reluctant to go there. They are at a disadvantage in Nine Remoteness Space. I also don’t want to go to that place. Undying fighters and universe knights are willing to venture there for a chance to acquire some valuables, but real universe masters are not. Nine Remoteness Master is always ruthless. It’s difficult for him to kill a universe master in other places, but in his Nine Remoteness Space, it’s easy for him to do so.”

Luo Feng was amazed. He had never expected such a supreme being to be hidden in Nine Remoteness Space. The heirs throughout history only knew basic facts of that realm. They were not strong enough to make this supreme being show himself.

“He’s invincible,” Luo Feng said, thinking about his destiny. “Teacher is invincible in the primal universe, and Nine Remoteness Master is invincible in Nine Remoteness Space. Can I be like them, undefeatable in the universe, someday in the future?”

They were only invincible in certain places, but it was a tempting thought. As long as they placed one of their bodies in that place, they were immortal.

Primal Chaos City Leader did not answer but said, “Nine Remoteness Master is my equal, and we have cooperated several times. Besides, he owes me a favor.”

“Owes you a favor?” Luo Feng said.

“If you really run into danger and can’t manage to escape,” Primal Chaos City Leader said, looking at Luo Feng, “shout out, ‘Nine Remoteness Space, I’m a disciple of Chaos!’ Nine Remoteness Master controls Nine Remoteness Space completely. Nothing that happens there can be hidden from him. He’ll know when you shout out. No matter what kind of danger you’re in, he’ll make sure you’re safe.”

Luo Feng understood.

“I only ask that you don’t cash in that favor if you don’t need to,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Do it only if there’s literally nothing else you can do.”

Luo Feng was moved, and he nodded. “I understand.”

Returning a favor was no easy matter. A supreme being like Nine Remoteness Master owing a favor… This was so rare that it was as worthy of a true treasure.

“If you do shout out, you can request that he do something for you,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “For instance, you can tell him that you want the leaves and twigs of that sector lord-level World Tree. He’ll say yes to this kind of request. But remember, such a favor will not be easy to return.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded solemnly.

He still had Mosha body, which at least gave him a small chance of escape. He wouldn’t cash in the favor unless he was at an impasse.

Primal Chaos City Leader smiled and said, “Go.”

“Yes, teacher.” Luo Feng saluted the leader and disappeared.


Chapter 981: Celebration

In a world permeated with blood-red mist.

I didn’t expect the entire Nine Remoteness Space to belong to Nine Remoteness Master, Luo Feng thought, hiding in the grass. Nine Remoteness Master is invincible here. Is it because this special environment helps with his amplification?

Luo Feng pondered the possibilities. This was all far beyond his understanding.

“Hmm,” he muttered. “Why are they looking for me?”

Luo Feng connected to World of Glory with his mind.

In the open-air square of World of Glory.

All the heirs looked to Luo Feng, who had just shown up.

“Look, it’s Blade River Emperor.”

“Blade River Emperor showed up. He’s incredible! It’s difficult to kill him with his talent clone technique.”

Luo Feng felt a bit awkward being stared at like this.

Why are they all staring at me?

These heirs were all peerless talents, and his 620,000 battles were things of the past. He had entered the World of Glory plenty of times before, but only a small portion of the heirs noticed him then. Now, everyone was staring at him as if he were a treasure to be claimed.

“Blade River!” Cha Man Emperor yelled from a corner.

Luo Feng walked toward him, attracting attention everywhere he walked. All the heirs were speaking in low voices while staring at him. He was further perplexed.

“Blade River Emperor, do you still have your true treasure, the wings?” a voice called out.

Luo Feng glanced at the heirs from other races. Many were grinning and shouting at him. They were from Northern Territory Alliance, and their faces, covered with cuticles, disgusted Luo Feng.

Luo Feng sat down at the table with Cha Man Emperor, Li Li Emperor, and Thousand Rain Emperor, all of whom were his closest allies among the heirs from Hong Alliance. “What’s going on?” he asked.

Cha Man Emperor blocked the sound around them and started to whisper. “Blade River, I heard you were hunted by Bark Mirror Emperor and got trapped in Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. Is that true?”

Luo Feng was shocked. He’d only been trapped there for a short while. The news had spread quickly.

“So it’s true?” Thousand Rain Emperor asked, surmising the truth from the expression on Luo Feng’s face.

Luo Feng nodded. “Yes.”

There was no need to hide the truth if everyone already knew. “You’re really trapped in the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool?” Thousand Rain Emperor continued. “That place… Even a universe knight is unlikely to survive there.”

Li Li Emperor and Cha Man Emperor, who sat beside him, gazed worriedly at Luo Feng. Cha Man Emperor added, “They say you were hunted, and your true treasure, the set of wings, was left in that dangerous place.”

“Where did you guys hear this?” Luo Feng couldn’t help asking.

“The heirs are talking about it in the square,” Cha Man Emperor answered, “and after a short while, everyone knew. I heard you were chased by Bark Mirror Emperor and you resorted to diving into the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool.”

“Did you really die in the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool?” Li Li Emperor asked.

Many heirs presumed that Luo Feng had already died once and had resurrected himself using his clone technique, leaving his true treasure abandoned there.

Luo Feng shook his head. “I was trapped in the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool, but I didn’t die immediately. I unintentionally entered a dangerous world, and I’m still there, just struggling to survive. It seems you guys knew about it immediately after I got trapped. Word spread pretty quickly…”

It must have been Here Crow Knight or Bark Mirror Emperor or their sidekicks who had spread the news.

“Where did the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool lead?” asked Cha Man Emperor.

“How dangerous is it?” Li Li Emperor asked.

Thousand Rain Emperor just stared at Luo Feng.

This was classified information. Secrets about this place were considered invaluable intelligence that should not be leaked. Only information about places that could be easily discovered by the heirs was made public.

“It’s dangerous,” said Luo Feng. “Highly dangerous.”

Luo Feng summarized the bloody-horned universe knight who had chased Bark Mirror Emperor.

“I can’t teleport or use God Country Transportation there,” he said in a low voice. “Also, there are hordes of great beings. I’m still struggling. Chances are, I won’t make it out.”

“No teleportation and no God Country Transportation?” Cha Man Emperor, Li Li Emperor and Thousand Rain Emperor were stupefied.

“Isn’t that a world of sealing treasure?” Cha Man Emperor said.

Luo Feng sighed. There was no way out. Even he didn’t die, it would be tragic for a great being to be trapped in an alternate world for an eternity.

“I can’t talk with you guys for long. I need to run for my life.” And with that, Luo Feng disappeared.

Cha Man Emperor, Li Li Emperor, and Thousand Rain Emperor all committed the secret of the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool to memory. This was no ordinary intelligence. Luo Feng wouldn’t have told them if he were not close to them.

While Luo Feng was running through that world, trying to flee from the creatures as quickly as possible, everyone was talking about him in the World of Glory. When Bark Mirror Emperor arrived in the open-air square, they stared at him just as they had stared at Luo Feng. Immediately, heirs began approaching him and asking questions.

“Bark Mirror Emperor.”

“It’s Bark Mirror Emperor!”

“Bark Mirror Emperor, I heard that you chased Blade River Emperor, and he got trapped in Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. Is that true?”

“Humph!” Bark Mirror Emperor snorted.

Without saying anything, he walked to the place where heirs from Northern Territory Alliance gathered. He had planned to adventure in Nine Remoteness Space after failing to take Blade River Emperor’s true treasures, but he had received an email from his friends suddenly and realized the news of him chasing Blade River Emperor had been spread through the World of Glory.

“Damn it,” said Bark Mirror Emperor. “It’s either Here Crow Knight or those other five bastards. But those five don’t have the guts to do that. It must be Here Crow Knight who’s telling everyone the news.”

He’s not stupid, though, thought Bark Mirror Emperor. Blade River Emperor owning a soul true treasure is new information. He’s smart enough not to spread that information.

Bark Mirror Emperor sat down with the group of Northern Territory Alliance heirs. He glanced at the heirs around him.

“I know everyone’s curious about this,” said Bark Mirror Emperor. He smirked. “I have no idea who spread this news, but… it’s true. Blade River Emperor indeed dove into the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool after I ran after him. Haha! Even universe knights find it difficult to survive in the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. Even though Blade River Emperor has a clone technique, his true treasures will be lost there.”

Bark Mirror Emperor was bold enough to admit everything without being questioned.

Six days later.

On Bauhinia Island sat palaces of all kinds.

Hong!

A sudden, powerful force from the origin law shook Bauhinia Island. Lots of heirs on Bauhinia Island gathered and looked at the center of the origin law energy: the palace of True Yan Emperor.

A five-colored whirlpool came into being above the palace. Gold, wood, water, fire, and ground—all the five law forces merged and led to a nobler, more vigorous origin law energy, which was the center of the five-colored whirlpool. After that, it turned hollow like a mystical portal connecting to the land of origin.

Immense godly energy entered the palace of True Yan Emperor.

All the figures flew up in the sky over Bauhinia Island, watching the scene, thrilled and envious.

“Who made their breakthrough?”

“Space law!”

“Who fully comprehended space law and became a universe knight?”

More than 100 million heirs were stuck in that step, craving for that day to come for them.

“Whose palace is that?”

“I don’t know.”

“Me neither.”

“Who became a universe knight?”

“Don’t know.”

Only a few of the heirs knew. Even most of the members of the Hong Alliance had no idea. It was Cha Man Emperor who said, “That palace is right next to Blade River Emperor’s. That’s the other heir of our human race. Two heirs came last time. One is Blade River Emperor. The other is True Yan Emperor.”

“True Yan Emperor?”

“True Yan Emperor became a universe knight?”

Lots of heirs within the Hong Alliance were astonished.

“True Yan Emperor has been stuck in the last step forever. Now that he finally made his breakthrough, we must visit and congratulate him.”

“No need to rush. It’s a crucial time for True Yan Emperor. He’s surely absorbing godly power now. He can’t waste any time.”

On the way to becoming a great being, the three most significant milestones were becoming an undying fighter, becoming a universe knight, and becoming a universe master. At those crucial times, and universe origin law would arrive, especially the first time when an ordinary body turned into a godly body. It could take in as much godly power as it wanted.

When someone became a universe knight or a universe master, he couldn’t absorb that much godly power, but it was considerably more than usual. When the origin law arrived, it connected to the “law ocean,” and energy could be soaked up without boundaries. Unfortunately, origin law would only stay for a while and would disappear afterward, which was why there was only a short window to absorb the godly power.

After a moment, all the ripple dissipated, and some of the heirs and even universe knights went to visit True Yan Emperor.

“Zhi Ya.”

The door opened. True Yan Knight looked outside with a big smile. “Haha! Come on in.”

“Congratulations, True Yan Emperor… No, excuse me—True Yan Knight!”

“Congratulations, True Yan, you’re officially a universe knight.”

Unlike Luo Feng, True Yan Emperor had many more friends, and lots of universe knights were close to True Yan Emperor.

“Finally, after such a long time, I’m a universe knight,” True Yan Knight said, nodding. He didn’t look apathetic anymore. Instead, he looked vigorous.

“How much godly power did you take in?”

“I tried my best to absorb as much as I could just now,” said True Yan Knight. “My godly body was improved by 92 percent.”

“Not 100 percent? We humans have smaller bodies and don’t have much undying power. You should’ve grasped the chance and improve 100 percent.”

The larger a body was, the more difficult it was to improve it 100 percent. In the case of the enormous World Trees, if they became universe knights, they could take in more godly power than True Yan Emperor in a short period of time, but compared to their sizes, it was nothing; they would need to cultivate for a long time after that.

“True Yan Knight’s genes evolved tenfold before. After becoming a universe knight, his godly body’s limit is higher. Storing 92 percent is good enough.”

True Yan Knight was talking with other great beings, but he was also confused to note that his disciple Luo Feng hadn’t come to congratulate him on becoming a universe knight.


Chapter 982: True Yan Knight

In True Yan’s palace, all the other great beings were warm and cheerful. It was always was to be on good terms with a universe knight. And the other universe knights in the Hong Alliance were pretty close with True Yan.

Why? Because not all universe knights were the same. Those who had evolved from pinnacle emperors were completely different from universe knights who had evolved from invincible emperors.

There were two kinds of invincible emperors. Silver Eye represented the first type. He had a high life-level. Thus, it was easy for him to become an invincible emperor.

True Yan Emperor represented the second type. He was at an average level within his race and struggled to improve his genes; they were blessed if they could improve it ten times. How difficult it was for them to become invincible emperors—they had to first survive universe knights! This path required some distinctive special skills.

Both of them had great combat power after becoming universe knights. A warrior of the first type had a great godly body after turning into a universe knight. As for the second type, if one could survive universe knight attacks when they were only an undying fighter, how mighty would they be after becoming a universe knight?

Eventually, all the guests left except for Wu Tang Knight.

Wu Tang Knight and True Yan Knight had been close friends for a long time, even remaining close after Wu Tang Knight became a universe knight.

“Wu Tang,” True Yan Knight said. “Do you know what’s going on with Blade River Emperor? I came here with him, and we accepted our inheritance together at the beginning. But after that, I started to live in seclusion and haven’t heard anything about him. Do you know anything?”

He had become a universe knight, yet Luo Feng hadn’t come to congratulate him. He knew something was wrong.

Wu Tang Knight had a firm voice. “You don’t know anything that’s happened since? Then you’ve really missed a lot. Blade River Emperor stole everyone’s thunder by accepting all the battle invitations sent to him by the heirs on this island…”

Wu Tang Knight started to elaborate—from Luo Feng’s 620,000 battles to the assassination attempt… and to what had happened recently in Nine Remoteness Space. True Yan Emperor was beaming at first, but as the story went on, his face took on a ghastly expression, especially when he heard how Luo Feng had nearly been assassinated and was now trapped in an impasse because of Bark Mirror Emperor.

“They say Blade River Emperor is Luo Feng,” Wu Tang Knight said, smiling at True Yan. “Is Blade River Emperor really your disciple?”

“You don’t need to worry about that.” True Yan said.

“Haha…” Wu Tang Knight nodded with a smile.

“I need to ask you a favor,” True Yan said.

“Just say the word,” replied Wu Tang Knight.

He truly did value True Yan highly. For one thing, they had been confidants before. Plus, he believed True Yan had a bright future ahead of him. Given humans’ talents, each invincible emperor that could make a breakthrough and become a universe knight was extraordinary.

“I need some information on the dangerous places in the Ancestral God Secret Region,” True Yan said. “Especially Nine Remoteness Space.”

“You want to go there?” Wu Tang Knight answered.

“Are you kidding?” Fierceness flashed through True Yan’s eyes. “How could I not go?”

“Haha! The ferocious True Yan!” Wu Tang nodded. “I’ve already sent all the information to you through virtual universe.”

True Yan grinned. “I’ve been in Primal Chaos City for hundreds of millions of years. I wonder if anyone remembers me.”

After only half a day.

After True Yan was in his palace, patiently preparing.

“My old friend,” he said, “perhaps you feel really lonely after hundreds of millions of years of not being used.”

Suddenly, a black staff appeared in True Yan’s hands, and there were two golden hoops on each end of the staff. The staff looked like a simple antique, which was a treasure True Yan had obtained when adventuring in the universe long ago. It had remained by his side through countless adventures, and its killing power had helped make him an invincible emperor.

“My disciple treats me as his family,” he said. “I couldn’t have become a universe knight without him. This Bark Mirror Emperor dared to bully my disciple. As such, how can I spare him? A special life form, skilled at soul attack and inspection…!”

True Yan suddenly became aggressive. In the past, he had roamed the universe, killing countless fighters to become an invincible emperor. He had lived in seclusion for so long that many of the undying of his generation had died.

“I’ve created three pinnacle techniques during the past few hundred million of years. Now that I’m a universe knight, I’ll try them on you first!”

Madness filled True Yan Emperor’s eyes. He had provoked universe knights before and had survived. He was born to be reckless. His disposition grew savage. After an eternity spent in Primal Chaos City, the real True Yan was back!

Sou!

True Yan flew out of his palace and teleported to the spring portal in front of the palace of the guarding beast god and entered the secret region.

A universe knight could teleport over 1,000 light years. In less than half a day, True Yan arrived at Rock Island in Nine Remoteness Space.

“I’ll wait here.” True Yan sat at the apex of a mountain with his legs crossed. “Based on the information Wu Tang gave me, the heirs adventuring here will often come back to Rock Island and rest. So when Bark Mirror Emperor comes back…”

True Yan closed his eyes. He was like a tiger—relaxed yet ready to pounce and kill at any moment.

Under Rock Island and at the bottom of Nine Remoteness Ocean, in another world, Luo Feng fled helter-skelter, doing his best just to stay ahead of the army by moving as quickly as possible.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Three shadows flashed in the sky and stopped. They were the noble prince and his two universe knights. Both of the universe knights had red skin and bloody horns.

Coldness flashed in the prince’s eyes. “We still haven’t found this foreign invader, even after all this time.”

“Your highness,” the lanky universe knight said, “our Nine Remoteness World is vast, and that intruder must constantly be fleeing from us. Perhaps he’s far away by now. It could take some time to find him.”

“Some time? How long?” The prince frowned. “I’ll give an order now. In my territory, each city shall designate half of its soldiers to search for the intruder from another race! Each of them will connect to the virtual world, and if anyone finds him, they will alert me right away. And all the soldiers must remain connected to the virtual world with their minds. Being disconnected means death at the hands of that intruder!”

Each prince was in charge of one territory, and they were the only leaders of their territories respectively. The prince gave an order to all the armies under him through the virtual world.

A great number of undying warriors and sector lord-level warriors flocked to the sky and flew out in different directions. Each of the warriors was responsible for one area.

“Search! Search! Search!”

“Quickly!”

“Go! Search the undying intruder!”

The creatures in Nine Remoteness World were special, as they all had red bodies and bloody horns. They were high-powered life forms with great talents. Like Golden Horned Beasts, they became sector lords automatically as they matured. However, their life level was the same as humans’, as they didn’t have talent techniques. Since everyone could become a sector lord when they became adults, sector lords were common in the cities, yet compared to humans, the race had a very small population.

Howl!

Howl!

All the indigenous warriors were baying with excitement. They were distributed everywhere across the sky. Some of them used world projection, some used law domain, and some even used undying-power inspection. In short, they were trying anything they could think of to search for Luo Feng.

Nine Remoteness World was not very large, yet Luo Feng hadn’t seen even a single member of the race. After more than ten days fleeing, Luo Feng finally ran into the first searcher.

While hiding beneath a lake, Luo Feng looked up and saw a bloody shadow flying quickly through the sky. At the same time, an undying power swept across the lake.

Luo Feng hid himself with the micro-detector. He looked above and thought, Humph! You think you can find me with such simple undying-power inspection? Not while I’ve got the most advanced micro-detector I can afford.

However, as the undying power passed over Luo Feng, it suddenly stopped.

“No… I’m found.” Luo Feng realized immediately. “How could I be found?”

The bloody shadow in the sky wheeled around sharply, looked down, and grew excited. “Intruder!” it wailed.

Sou!

Luo Feng didn’t have the luxury to ponder how he had been found. He flew out of the water, shook his wings, and shot across the sky like a beam of silver light.

“Intruder! I found the intruder!” the undying warrior screamed as it flew after Luo Feng, but it was being left farther and farther behind. He immediately reported it through his virtual world. “Haha! I found him! This intruder thought I couldn’t find him just because he used a detector! Haha! In our Nine Remoteness World, my undying power is combined with Nine Remoteness World energies, and I can distinguish all creatures outside of my race. Even universe knights cannot escape us once they’re here.”

Sou!

Sou!

Sou!

Luo Feng was terrifically fast, and he soon flew out of the undying warrior’s sight.

“How could I have been found?” Luo Feng was bewildered as he flew. “Even invincible emperors can’t find me when I turn my detector on. Bark Mirror Emperor found me because of his extraordinary inspection skills, but this was only an ordinary undying creature of this indigenous race! How did he find me? I’m in trouble… Big trouble.”

Luo Feng knew peace was no longer an option.

Indeed, at that moment, the prince raced toward the area with his two universe knights the moment he got the news, and he arranged some undying warriors and universe knights to stop Luo Feng.


Chapter 983: Encirclement and Suppression

In the territory that the prince controlled, the undying warriors and sector lord warriors were distributed everywhere, searching for Luo Feng. As a result, even though the prince had ordered them to encircle and suppress Luo Feng, it would take a long time for all the warriors to gather and arrive.

Got to get out of here! thought Luo Feng. The army might be scattered among many places. They’re probably trying to encircle me, but it might take them a long time to get here. I might still get away if I hurry.

Luo Feng cast Shi Wu Wing and started to fly rapidly, becoming a streak of silver light.

“I must take advantage of the time and get as far from them as possible,” he said under his breath. “I must not allow myself to be encircled. Otherwise, I’ll be doomed.”

A great number of indigenous warriors gathered from all directions while Luo Feng tried to escape from their dragnet.

On the second day, Luo Feng ran into three indigenous warriors consecutively. Two of them were undying warriors while one was a sector lord.

Peng!

Luo Feng’s spiritual force entered that sector-lord warrior, but all Luo Feng discovered there was a crystal.

An energy life, he realized. Like Mosha body. Soul attack is useless on them.

Luo Feng glanced at the indigenous sector lord warrior, knowing he wasn’t able to manipulate him. He didn’t want to waste time killing him, so he shook his wings and flew away.

The indigenous sector-lord warrior was perplexed. “He didn’t kill me?” He immediately reported it through the virtual world. “I found the intruder! I found the fighter from another race!”

On the second day, Luo Feng encountered three indigenous warriors. On the third day, 12. On the fourth day, 21.

On the fifth day, he encountered 52 indigenous warriors.

As time passed by, the scattered indigenous warriors were continuously gathering, giving Luo Feng a stronger and stronger sense of crisis. But he couldn’t do anything about it; the enemies knew his whereabouts.

But on the sixth day, something strange happened. He only ran into one indigenous warrior.

The same thing happened on the seventh day and all the way up to the twelfth day.

“Something’s wrong,” Luo Feng said. “The natives had been tracking me for the past couple of days. They were encircling and suppressing me. The other day, eleven undying fighters tried to team up and kill me. Why have they all disappeared now?”

Luo Feng sensed a storm coming. He was caught like a rat in a trap. Things were serious this time.

In the sky above the mountain valley.

The noble and elegant prince and his two universe-knight servants stood in the sky.

“I didn’t expect that foreign undying fighter to be so good at escaping,” the prince said, smiling. “The undying fighters from my race can’t even catch him. It seems we need to treat him like a universe knight.”

“Your highness, the dragnet is almost complete,” the thin universe knight said respectfully. “The nine generals are all in place and awaiting your orders. Soon the army will capture him. That intruder has no chance to run away.”

“Don’t rush. I’ll go there first.” The prince smiled. “I’m curious about this powerful undying fighter. It’ll be a pity to let the generals kill him. I’ll do it myself.”

“Yes, your highness,” the two universe knights answered with respect.

“Go,” the prince ordered.

Sou!

They flew directly to the dragnet circle.

Even the superior prince didn’t have any universe knights to serve him. Nine generals were the extent of his influence. Fortunately, it was safe for him in Nine Remoteness Space. Thus, he could send all the generals there.

“The native warriors must be preparing to besiege me,” said Luo Feng. He stood at the edge of a swamp and frowned. “There are probably multiple waves of them. Even if I manage to break through the first wave, the rest of the warriors will draw closer to me. There might even be some teams led by universe knights.”

Luo Feng had seen indigenous universe knight warriors before. Even Bark Mirror Emperor would have to run from them.

“I’ll be doomed if I run into a native warrior at the universe knight level.” Luo Feng frowned. “Execute the body plan.”

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

Nine figures showed up around Luo Feng. All of them were from other races.

“Master of master,” they said in unison, saluting Luo Feng.

“Turn into me,” Luo Feng ordered.

“Yes, master.”

All the undying slaves had different forms of godly bodies, and all of them transformed their shapes into that of Luo Feng. The only difference was their auras. Undying fighters could transform their shapes—although, if they were too large, their strength would be undermined. But that didn’t matter to Luo Feng. As for different auras, only a few of the indigenous fighters had seen Luo Feng, and it was almost impossible for the entire army to recognize him.

“Follow my lead,” Luo Feng ordered. “You’re number one, and you’re number two. You two will move first.”

With that, Luo Feng initiated his plan. His slaves also had slaves, especially ordinary undying fighters, and official-level ones. Luo Feng didn’t mind losing nine of them if that was what it took to get out of here.

“Yes,” Slave number one and slave number two followed, flying away.

Luo Feng’s plan depended on the nine decoys luring the indigenous warriors to change their plan.

Just as he was executing his plan, he received a message from the World of Glory. The message was simple: “True Yan Knight is fighting the Northern Territory Alliance.”

Luo Feng nearly jumped out of his skin. “True Yan… Knight? My teacher became a universe knight? And he’s fighting the Northern Territory Alliance? How is my teacher fighting Northern Territory Alliance?”

Bark Mirror Emperor came to mind. Although Luo Feng was still carrying out his escape plan, it would take him two to three days to finish that. He spared a bit of his mind to connect to the World of Glory.

In the open-air square of the World of Glory.

Again, Luo Feng’s appearance drew the attention of the other heirs. He went to where the Hong Alliance was gathered.

“What happened?” Luo Feng said down and looked at Cha Man Emperor, Li Li Emperor, and Thousand Rain Emperor.

“They’re fighting!” Thousand Rain Emperor said, excited. “It’s madness!”

“True Yan Knight is impressive.” Cha Man Emperor said. “His time in seclusion has made him furious. Now that he’s finally broke out, he’s thrilling!”

“Thrilling, indeed,” Li Li Emperor said. “Really thrilling.”

“Come on! Tell me what happened.” Luo Feng was totally lost. “True Yan Emperor became a universe knight? And what’s his issue with Northern Territory Alliance?”

They all looked at Luo Feng. Rumor had it that Luo Feng was Blade River Emperor, and if that was true, it was understandable why Blade River Emperor cared about True Yan Knight so much.

“True Yan Emperor became a universe knight around half a month ago,” Cha Man Emperor said. “After that, he left Bauhinia Island. We don’t know where he went, but now we presume he went to Nine Remoteness Space!”

“Nine Remoteness Space?” Luo Feng’s heart missed a beat.

“Yes, it happened today,” Cha Man Emperor said with thrill. “True Yan Knight and Bark Mirror Emperor began doing battle on Rock Island.”

“True Yan Emperor defeated Bark Mirror Emperor,” Thousand Rain Emperor said. “Can you believe that? Bark Mirror Emperor was almost killed! And he survived only by summoning a great being from his Northern Territory Alliance… And his name is Wan Feng Knight.”

“Wan Feng Knight is a sub-member of the Ancestral God School,” Li Li Emperor said. “He’s powerful.”

“It was him?” said Luo Feng.

Other than candidate prophets and candidate deified generals, only high achievers on the path of beast god inheritance—those who had at least completed the fifth-level inheritance—were qualified to be sub-members of the Ancestral God School. Xi Luo Duo, who had completed the sixth-level inheritance, was a universe overlord. Wan Feng knight, although not yet a universe overlord, was pretty close.

“And then?” Luo Feng asked nervously.

“True Yan Emperor pulled no punches,” Cha Man Emperor said excitedly. “After almost killing Bark Mirror Emperor, he started to fight Wan Feng Knight. But Wan Feng Knight is a sub-member of the Ancestral God School. True Yan Knight is not his match. He fled from Wan Feng Knight and retreated back to Bauhinia Island.”

“He successfully retreated?” Luo Feng said, feeling relieved.

“Yes,” Cha Man Emperor said, nodding. “When True Yan Knight was still an emperor, he fought with universe knights, and he was able to survive. He’s good at escaping. I heard that Bark Mirror Emperor is much slower than True Yan Knight and couldn’t even get away. If Wan Feng Knight hadn’t arrived when he did, Bark Mirror Emperor would have died.”

Luo Feng was amazed. His teacher was always so low-key. He had been hiding in Primal Chaos City for hundreds of millions of years, stuck at the final step. Little did others expect that he might be even faster than Bark Mirror Emperor after becoming a universe knight, as well as being astoundingly aggressive.

Luo Feng was happy for his teacher. “Impressive,” he said. “My teacher can resist Bark Mirror Emperor’s talent technique.”

Luo Feng was curious and exhilarated about that fight. He connected to the virtual universe and got in touch with his teacher.

In an exclusive area in the virtual universe.

Each universe knight of the human race was granted a section of space. This one was a floating golden mountain. The apex of the golden mountain was covered with ice and snow. Flames burned beneath the mountain, while in the middle lived countless black plants. They managed to grow tenaciously despite being constantly burned.

Luo Feng showed up, smiled, and shouted, “Teacher!”

True Yan Knight was sitting in his palace and drinking while wearing golden armor.

“Haha! Come here, my disciple,” True Yan Knight called to Luo Feng. “Drink with me. I’m so joyful. So joyful!”

Luo Feng walked to his teacher without saying anything.

“Disciple, do you know why I’m so joyful?” True Yan Knight looked at Luo Feng.

“Why?” Luo Feng asked. “Is it because of your recent battle?”

“I expected to beat Bark Mirror Emperor easily, yet I was severely injured by that Wan Feng Knight. 54 percent of my godly body was gone! Why would I be joyful of that?” True Yan Knight gritted his teeth.

Luo Feng was curious. “Then why are you so joyful, teacher?”


Chapter 984: Twigs and Leaves of World Trees

“Windfall!” True Yan Knight took the wine and drank three glasses of it. He then looked at Luo Feng with sparkling eyes. “You know, I’m kind of lucky, too. Although my luck is nothing compared to yours, it’s still fairly good.”

“Teacher, you got a valuable?” Luo Feng asked.

“Wrong!” True Yan Knight shook his head. “When you become a universe knight, unless you make another breakthrough during your practice, getting a valuable is what makes you happiest. However, it’s not accurate to say I got a new valuable. I didn’t. The reason I’m happy is because the treasure I have turns out to be extraordinary. Although it’s not a true treasure, it’s definitely a top-tier treasure.”

Luo Feng smiled. “Congratulations, teacher.”

“I’m indeed happy. I didn’t even find it special when I was an undying fighter,” True Yan Knight said. “This was the first time I fought after becoming a universe knight. Under my new burning godly power, it evolved into a second form. It’s definitely a top-tier treasure. If it has a third form, it’s qualified as a true treasure.”

Luo Feng nodded. Shi Wu Wing had three forms. Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask, “Teacher, what kind of treasure are you talking about?”

“Haha!” True Yan Knight glanced at Luo Feng and continued, “Although I have great techniques, Bark Mirror Emperor is proficient in tracking and inspection, and he has incredible escaping skills. Even though I can suppress him, I can’t stop him from running away from me. However, a pair of combat boots I had obtained before changed into their second form, revealing their real power.”

“Those boots I created—the ones with the pinnacle technique— made me much faster,” True Yan Knight said. “Even Bark Mirror Emperor couldn’t run away from me. I could even escape Wan Feng Knight, who’s far stronger than me. My disciple, treasures that can help you flee are precious. Wan Feng Knight is as powerful as Shi Huo Knight. Being able to get away from him means I’m only an average-level universe knight, but I’m much better at fleeing. Getting a treasure is indeed delightful. All the more so if you discover that an ordinary treasure you already possess is incredibly powerful.”

Luo Feng considered these words. Even a dusty old treasure might still shine someday. True Yan had also, finally, seized his opportunity to shine. After many long years, he now stood among the great beings of the universe.

“Teacher,” said Luo Feng, “you said you’re only at the average level. How did you crush Bark Mirror Emperor? I’ve heard that lots of universe knights are afraid of him.”

“Bark Mirror Emperor isn’t that powerful himself,” True Yan Knight explained. “It’s his talent techniques that make him strong. You should know, an ordinary universe knight has a godly body 100 times stronger than an emperor limit.”

“Yes, I do.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Even the most average universe knights have godly bodies ten million times stronger than sector lords,” True Yan Knight continued. “Every universe knight will try to improve their life level. Generally, they can improve it several times. As for me, I’ve already improved mine ten times. After I became a universe knight, my godly body became 100 million times that of a sector lord. Bark Mirror Emperor’s godly body is 2,000 times stronger than that of an average emperor limit, which means his godly body is only twice as powerful as mine.”

Luo Feng nodded. That gap was not excessively large.

“His godly body, together with his defending true treasures, is what gives him the leverage to rival ordinary universe knights. Unfortunately for him, his attacking skills are mediocre, and his godly body is only twice as powerful as mine. Besides, his law comprehension is worse than universe knights, and his techniques are weaker than most universe knights. That’s why he has such mediocre attacking skills. He can only resort to his talent techniques.”

“His talent techniques are indeed mighty,” True Yan Knight went on. “Fortunately, I’m on the warrior path. I’ve been studying ‘soul defense technique,’ knowing that warriors are most vulnerable to soul attacks like illusions. I already had strong soul defense when I roamed the universe before, and it’s already a pinnacle technique. During my hundreds of millions of years in Chaos City, I spent much of my time and energy creating techniques because I knew I couldn’t have a key breakthrough in law comprehension. Though I’m not as talented as you, I created three pinnacle techniques after hundreds of millions of years of practice. The most useful and powerful one is soul defense technique. It’s still a pinnacle technique, but it’s ten times sturdier than the original one.”

True Yan Knight smiled and added, “My burning godly power, my soul defense technique, and my will—after being polished for hundreds of millions of years—give me the confidence to resist that soul attack. After all, Bark Mirror Emperor has never killed a universe knight up until now.”

Luo Feng nodded. Zhu Chong Emperor had killed universe knights before, but Bark Mirror Emperor hadn’t.

“I can withstand his talent technique attack.” True Yan Knight grinned. “After that, he’ll be crushed.”

On Bauhinia Island. In Bark Mirror Emperor’s palace.

“Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!” Bark Mirror Emperor roared.

His voice echoed through his palace. No one outside could hear it. Hatefulness filled his heart.

“Damn you, True Yan!” Bark Mirror Emperor clenched his teeth. “I remember you, now. You dared attack me! You dared attack the great special organism! You’re seeking death! When I become a universe knight, I’ll crush you like a bug… Impressive, though, that you could withstand my talent technique. And that staff technique is terrifying.”

Bark Mirror Emperor shuddered as he recalled what had happened. True Yan had almost killed him with the black staff.

“If I didn’t have my true treasures. And if Wan Feng hadn’t arrived in time…”

Bark Mirror Emperor shivered at the thought. Although his protecting true treasure was mighty, True Yan Knight was apparently more advanced at law comprehension, and the staff technique was exceptional. Even though the protecting real treasure was significantly weakened, his godly body still deteriorated.

Bark Mirror Emperor was full of resentment, seething with insanity. He had never been so close to death before. The more he thought about it, the more he hated that human.

“Just you wait,” he muttered. “Someday, I’ll become a universe knight. Just you wait…”

In the world of Nine Remoteness Space.

Luo Feng’s mind had just come back from the virtual universe.

“Rumor has it a universe knight turned from an invincible emperor is more powerful than ordinary universe knights.” Luo Feng nodded. “That rumor, it seems, is far from baseless. Practice makes perfect. My teacher is an invincible emperor already, and after practicing for an eternity, his techniques are constantly being refined. Now that he’s made his breakthrough, he’s magnificent.”

Luo Feng smiled. Mosha body had finally reached the World Trees.

“As long as I get a leaf from the World Tree,” muttered Luo Feng, “I can breed my third body. Then I’ll become undying. You dare to rob me, Bark Mirror Emperor? I shall kill you after I become undying.”

Luo Feng had extra confidence in himself. Once he became undying, his targets would be several universe knights—and some unique organisms like Zhu Chong Emperor! As for Bark Mirror Emperor? He’d kill him directly.

“This shot determines whether or not I can get a leaf from the World Tree.”

Luo Feng considered his future for a moment. He concentrated on his Mosha body.

On Tree Island in Nine Remoteness Space.

Beautiful plants covered the serene landscape of Tree Island. Seeds floated through the air.

Mosha body’s seed cluster landed on the ground beside the sector lord-level World Tree.

“Arrived,” Mosha body said. “This is it.”

He had been looking forward to this for a long time. Through the tiny filaments of the seed cluster, he could see everything in the front of him. The World Tree towered over him, each of its leaves like emerald jades. Halos surrounded the crown and the trunk.

Meanwhile, in the cave of Rock Island.

A pinnacle emperor slave with a flame origin crystal teleported himself three times.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

After the second teleportation, he arrived in the sky of the ocean. After the third, he arrived at the center of Tree Island, the domain of World Trees.

He arrived in the crown of the sector lord-level World Tree nearest to Mosha body, around 300,000 miles away.

“Explode!”

The pinnacle emperor slave threw the flame origin crystal, then promptly teleported again, moving a 600,000 miles away. He arrived under a huge tree canopy. He started to attack the sector-lord-level World Tree.

The flame origin crystal exploded!

Hong, long, long!

This flame origin crystal was more powerful than the one that had exploded last time—and at a close enough range to kill a low emperor. And this was already a relatively weaker flame god crystal.

In the aftermath of the explosion, everything close to the crystal was annihilated. In the distance, a plethora of twigs were blasted away like arrows, and the shredded leaves shot out in all angles, carried by the shockwave of the blast.

“Twigs of World Trees,” said the pinnacle-emperor slave as it grabbed a twig 1,000 feet thick. “Break!”

The emperor slave tried to snap the twig.

The sector lord World Tree started to roar furiously. Its entire canopy trembled. Its twigs and leaves slashed at the pinnacle-emperor slave.

“Damn other races, damn other races!” it roared. “You dare to hurt me again! Die! Die!”


Chapter 985: Breed the Third Body!

Last time, the most powerful World Tree had intervened, but it was not the case this time. Apparently, he wanted his child to suffer losses and learn some lessons. Besides, his godly power already surrounded the trunk of the sector-lord-level World Tree, which guaranteed his child’s survival. In that case, he would rather his child fight for itself and gain some experience.

The pinnacle emperor slave burned its godly power like a star. The mighty, burning, godly power deterred all the twigs and leaves around him.

Snap!

With a crisp snap, like a jade being broken, a twig with a diameter of more than 1,000 feet was cut off by the pinnacle-emperor slave.

“Go!” The pinnacle emperor slave was ready to teleport and leave.

Following Luo Feng’s order, he had thrown a flame origin crystal. With his burning pinnacle-emperor undying body, he had easily cut off a branch of that World Tree. Then he’d grabbed a twig and fled.

“Halt!”

The most powerful World Tree, observing from a distance, intervened. An invisible force penetrated the pinnacle-emperor slave holding the offshoot. He trembled violently, then turned to dust that floated away on the breeze.

Dead! Barely half a second had passed between from the appearance of the pinnacle emperor slave and its death.

He was still killed, Mosha body thought from within the seed cluster. I assumed the pinnacle emperor slave throwing the flame god crystal would draw the universe knight World Tree’s attention. I knew it would kill him. I just didn’t expect it to give him a chance to break a twig first.

Mosha body was perplexed. The most powerful World Tree could have easily killed the slave the moment it detected him. Instead, it had waited. Luo Feng didn’t know what was going on between these World Trees.

Weng, weng, weng!

Countless broken twigs and leaves had been blasted into the sky and scattered everywhere. The shockwave caused some plants’ seeds to fly around, and some of the twigs and leaves fell to where Mosha body’s seed cluster lay.

“It’s coming!” Mosha body was expecting this, but he didn’t dare react. Instead, he allowed himself to float along with the shockwave like an ordinary seed cluster.

Hu!

There was only one leaf on one of the broken twigs, and it came toward Mosha body.

“This is the moment,” he realized. “Go!”

Mosha body hit a twig.

Zoom!

Silently, he teleported 50 light years away, instantly leaving Nine Remoteness Space.

At the center of Tree Island, within the domain of World Trees, the sector lord World Tree was trembling and roaring. “Me! It was me again! Why? Damn it!”

“Haha, poor Seven,” taunted its siblings.

“Seven, you told me to stay out of this,” said its father. “But if I had, your attacker would’ve gotten away.”

“I told you to stay out of this,” snarled the sector lord World Tree. “I’d rather my twigs be stolen. Why did you meddle, father?”

“Don’t kid yourself,” echoed the gentle voice of the strongest World Tree. He can breed a Life Tree with that offshoot. I won’t let another race steal a World Tree offshoot.”

“Humph.”

The sector lord World Tree started to recover, and the broken leaves and twigs were flying back to its crown. It didn’t even realize that a small twig was gone. The most powerful World Tree sensed this with its dominance over the time and space, but by the time it realized what had happened, Mosha body had already escaped Nine Remoteness Space.

It wasn’t strange for the sector-lord-level World Tree not to realize its missing twig. There were fundamental differences between sector lords and undying fighters. Once the tree became undying, each leaf would merge into its soul imprint, meaning it could distinctly sense them. However, for sector lord World Trees, they were still, in a way, mostly botanical; this one had no life imprint on any of its leaves. It couldn’t feel them at all.

The same rule applied to humans. If a human undying fighter lost his arm, and it was taken tens of light years away, he could sense the arm’s location. This was not the case for sector lords.

With so much of its surroundings in ruins after the explosion, the sector lord World Tree had no way of knowing that one of its twigs had been taken away.

Teleportation? thought the most powerful World Tree. Universe knight-level teleportation? He concealed his aura so well that even I didn’t notice it. It must be his talent technique. A universe knight who knows how to change his aura only stole a twig?

The most powerful World Tree was perplexed, but it didn’t dig into it, as its child losing a leaf was like a human losing some dandruff.

In the space outside Nine Remoteness Space.

Sou!

Luo Feng appeared dressed in black, holding the emerald leaf.

“Haha! Finally, I’ve got it.” He stared at the leaf on his hand and was extremely enlivened. “My third body! If I’m lucky, I can breed a World Tree body with it. It’ll be planted in my God Country, which will be stabilized and strengthened by it. Given its size, it will be larger than the godly body of Teacher Zuo Shan Ke and Teacher Primal Chaos City Leader. Even if my other bodies’ godly power was exhausted, they could be supplemented by the World Tree body.”

Godly power in the law ocean was the purest, and once it merged with a life imprint, it was godly power with a master. His original earthling body, Mosha body, Golden Horned Beast body, and the World Tree body would all be assembled by Luo Feng’s soul imprint. Even if the Golden Horned Beast body lost 80 percent of its godly body, it could draw from the World Tree body, as 80 percent of a Golden Horned Beast was less than 1/10,000 of that of a World Tree! “It can manipulate time and space too. If I can make it.” He grew nervous.

Weng!

Emerald light flashed through the area, and an ordinary undying servant walked out of the light. This slave had been sent by Golden Horned Beast in the Primal Secret Region.

“Master of my Master.” The slave saluted Mosha body.

“Go.”

Mosha body took the slave and cast God Country Transportation. He used that slave as the center of God Country Transportation and arrived at the Primal Secret Region.

In the towering palace of the Primal Secret Region.

Tian Chen Emperor stood in the palace, waiting.

When Tian Chen Emperor saw Mosha body and the undying slave walking out of the emerald light, he bowed. “Master.”

Mosha body nodded, but he couldn’t concern himself with anything else at the moment. He commanded, “From now on, nobody is allowed in my palace.”

“Yes, master,” Tian Chen Emperor said reverently.

Sou!

Mosha body disappeared.

In the core of his internal world.

Golden Horned Beast body and Mosha body stood on a boundless plain.

Golden Horned Beast’s mountainous head was drooping to look at the World Tree’s leaf which Mosha body carried.

“The final obstacle,” Mosha body muttered. “There’s a limit to my internal-world breeding, and it’s almost 100 times the life level of golden-horned beasts. The World Tree barely falls within the limit of my internal-world breeding. Will I succeed? Or fail…?”

He was nervous. After so much effort and suffering, and with his original earthling body trapped in the Nine Remoteness World, Luo Feng didn’t regret everything he had gone through—as long as he could have the third body! After all, it was difficult for him to have a powerful body suitable for him.

“One last plunge!” Luo Feng’s eyes were bloodshot. He had never felt so anxious before.

All his three bodies were looking forward to the result—the result that determined their fate!

Zoom!

A green light flew up in the sky, shining like an aurora. Both Mosha body and Golden Horned Beast body looked up. That leaf of the World Tree flew higher and higher. The internal world had a diameter of more than 60 million miles, and the leaf didn’t stop until it flew to the very core of the internal world.

Talent technique—clone, Luo Feng gave an order through his mind.

He had three clone opportunities. One bred the earthling original body, one bred Mosha body, and this was the final one.

Hong, long, long!

The entire internal world trembled, and endless world energies began to gather… All of a sudden, his internal world seemed to have met with the apocalypse. Meanwhile, a colossal golden sphere showed up in the sky.

“The critical moment.”

Mosha body, Golden Horned Beast body, and Luo Feng, trapped in Nine Remoteness World, were all high-strung.

Peng!

The golden sphere trembled, which frightened Luo Feng and his bodies.

Peng!

The golden sphere trembled again. It was as if flame god crystals were exploding inside.

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

The golden sphere reverberated with incessant, powerful blasts. Luo Feng could feel the great pressure from the World Tree’s life imprint inside the golden sphere, and his internal world found it difficult to withstand it.

Bang!

Cracks appeared on that golden sphere. More of them gradually came into view.

“No!” Luo Feng was shaken with fright.

Peng!

After one last quiver, the golden sphere exploded, turning into scattered world energies. The leaf of the World Tree was annihilated. Luo Feng and the Golden Horned Beast watched quietly. In the aftermath of the explosion, the internal world was silent.

In Nine Remoteness World, Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat. He clenched his fist as bitterness flashed in his eyes. The breeding… had failed!


Chapter 986: Travel through Nine Remoteness World

Luo Feng squeezed the grass in front him so hard that it vanished.

“I failed! I failed at breeding the third body!”

Luo Feng felt like he had been knocked senseless. He hadn’t even been this upset when his original earthling body was at an impasse. He had been improving himself ever since he stepped off Earth and entered the universe. He had made so many efforts had climbed higher and higher on the ladder to becoming a great being. However, Luo Feng had to admit that Mosha body and Golden Horned Beast body helped him dearly in this process. Talent was just as important as a strong will and perseverance.

“A third body is vital to my future development and my future status in the universe. Like Immortal Knight!”

Even though he’s only a universe knight, no universe masters look down upon him, as nobody is able to kill him so far, Luo Feng thought. If I have that World Tree body, even if my other bodies fall, the abundant amount of godly power from the World Tree can revive them in no time. By then, I’ll have the same ability as an undying knight. I’ll be immortal!

“God Country is the essence of an undying fighter. A World Tree in the God Country not only would stabilize it but also make it much stronger with its talent ‘manipulation of space and time.’”

Luo Feng felt wronged. This was the sector lord special life form he had chosen that was most suitable for him! Actually, since he had the Nine Volume Manual, he could’ve found a flesh-typed special life form which could improve his godly body better than World Trees. However, Luo Feng had enough access authority to know that the universe was limited. For instance, the limit of godly body amplification and soul amplification were both 100 times. Even the unique life forms were several thousand—or even 10,000 times— stronger than the ordinary ones.

I’ve already had a golden-horned beast body, and with my Nine Volume Manual, my golden-horned beast body can definitely rival those unique life forms, Luo Feng thought. Given that, I don’t need a flesh-type special life form. After all, flesh-type creatures generally don’t have large sizes.

The size determined the amount of godly power. The larger a body, the better it was. Take the sector lord World Tree, for example. The explosion of that powerful flame origin crystal damaged several million miles of its body, but compared to its crown, which had a diameter of hundreds of millions of miles, and a height of 40 million miles, it was nothing but a minor injury!

“That most powerful World Tree. Its enormous godly body alone can leave other universe knights in despair. Even if they were to self-destruct, it would be nothing but a bee sting. It doesn’t even need to care about law comprehension, with that enormous godly body, only universe masters can be a threat to it.”

The injustice of it all was almost too much.

“What should I do now? I didn’t succeed at breeding my World Tree body. Apparently, my internal world is unable to withhold it.” Luo Feng clenched his teeth. “What should I choose for my third body?”

It was okay to fail once. Talent technique determined that he could have three bodies. Of course, he had to breed all of them before becoming undying, as if he didn’t, he would lose his internal body after becoming undying and thus waste the opportunity.

Failure to breed his third body was a heavy blow to Luo Feng, yet he recovered quickly. Now that World Trees couldn’t be bred, what other options were there?

“What should I breed for my third body?”

One special life form after another flashed through Luo Feng’s mind. Flesh-typed special life forms? Even with the Nine Volume Manual, it could only be as powerful as golden-horned beasts. It was ruled out first!

Rock race? Plant race? There were several options for these two races.

“My first choice was World Tree, and my second choice is the Ancestral Star Tree. Both of them are plant-typed special life forms. Dawn Volcano is my third choice. ” Luo Feng shook his head. Compared to World Trees, Ancestral Star Trees were obviously inferior, while the third option, Dawn Volcano, was ranked further below.

Size was of the utmost importance to Luo Feng. World Trees, Ancestral Star Trees, and Dawn Volcano were all special life forms with gigantic bodies.

“I need to think carefully,” Luo Feng muttered. “I’m now stuck in Nine Remoteness World and carrying three true treasure. I can’t lose any of them, especially Tower Pearl. I’ll ask my Mosha body to get me out of here first.”

Inside a palace surrounded by Thousand-Treasure River in the Primal Secret Region.

Sou.

Mosha body showed up in the palace.

“Master,” Tian Chen Emperor said, saluting him.

Tian Chen Emperor was confused. He thought his master would be in seclusion for a long time, which was why he had asked him to stop others from interrupting him. However, he had already come out.

“Humph!” Mosha body was still upset. “Send me to Rock Island.”

Mosha body quickly summoned a slave. There was one keepsake ring disguised as a rock in two caves on Rock Island each. Each keepsake ring held several keepsakes belonging to different slaves.

“Yes,” the slave of other races said.

Weng!

Golden light flashed. Mosha body could see the boundless ocean on the other side of the portal.

Sou!

Transportation was completed.

On Rock Island in Nine Remoteness Space.

Mosha teleported toward the Nine Remoteness Ocean once he arrived at Rock Island. He could distinctly sense the original body’s location.

Hong, long, long!

Mosha body showed up in the ocean. These depths were tempestuous. Each drop of water was as heavy as a mountain.

“The original body is right down there.” Mosha body looked down. “I can sense the exact location.”

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Mosha body kept teleporting himself, moving farther and farther below the ocean. After only three teleportations, he arrived at the bottom of Nine Remoteness Ocean, where bloody steam vented from the ocean floor. The force emanating from it could rival that of universe knights, which intimidated Mosha body.

“I can’t teleport myself down there anymore.” Mosha body frowned. “The bloody steam suppresses the space ripple completely. According to the universe coordinates, I’m six light days away from the original body!”

Mosha body felt anxious. Six light days meant even light would take six days to travel that distance. With his talent technique “domain,” he could travel a maximum of 6,000 miles each time. Even moving forward 100 times per second would take him two to three days to arrive.

Assuming, of course… that there was no danger awaiting him in the bloody steam.

“But it doesn’t look safe.” Mosha body looked down at the raging, bloody steam. Although the water in Nine Remoteness Ocean was heavy, it couldn’t penetrate the bloody steam. “I must at least try. I’ll only lose some energies even if I fail.”

Mosha body stopped hesitating and dove into the bloody steam. He didn’t use his talent technique domain at the beginning. Instead, he flew normally.

Mosha body felt overwhelming resistance.

Chi, chi, chi!

Mosha body tried to fly inside, but the resistance was unbelievably strong. The deeper he went, the stronger the resistance became. After moving just six feet inside the bloody steam, Mosha body was completely stuck. He couldn’t even turn back.

“Terrifying resistance…!” Mosha body was in a panic. “I can get out with domain, but great beings without my talent technique wouldn’t be able to move a muscle if they got stuck in this bloody steam. Little wonder that there’s such danger in the Nine Remoteness Master’s territory. He’s invincible here.”

Mosha body performed domain.

Sou!

The universe was composed of the elements of time and space, and every inch of the universe contained space. Mosha body turned into space instantly and turned back to the original body, moving forward 6,000 miles.

Hu! Hu! Hu! Hu! Hu! Hu!

Mosha body kept performing his talent technique, moving forward 100 times per second. Everywhere he passed was filled with endless bloody steam, and the resistance was incredibly strong. Even Mosha body couldn’t shake it.

“The original body is right under me.” Mosha body could sense it clearly. “Quick, quick, quick!”

Mosha body continuously cast his talent technique, and even though he was tired, he only rested for 20 minutes after six hours of performing domain, after which he continued diving down.

Just when Mosha body tried to dive into Nine Remoteness World, three shadows with great force flew to the circular dragnet formed by countless indigenous warriors. The shadows were the prince and his two universe knights.

The universe knight general standing in the sky gave a salutation. “Your highness.”

“Your highness.” Over 1,000 warriors echoed the salutation and knelt down with great veneration.

“Hahaha…!” the prince laughed out loud. “An undying fighter from another race can bring such hustle and bustle to my territory. If any universe knight meets him, remember—don’t kill him. I’ll do it myself. As for other warriors, leave no stone unturned. Follow my orders! Catch him!”

“Yes!” the bloody-horned general answered respectfully.

Meanwhile, the prince gave the order to the other eight generals through the virtual world. With the orders from nine generals, the warriors in the encirclement initiated the plan of capture.


Chapter 987: Walking to His Own Death

After the prince gave his order, the circular dragnet began to narrow.

The circle had a diameter of only 200 million miles, and over 100 million indigenous warriors were involved. For every undying warrior, there were 1,000 sector lord warriors. Although it might be unlikely that the sector lord warriors could stop Luo Feng, they could serve as informants.

It would take Luo Feng two to three days to break through the circle, even if he traveled in sub-lightspeed. There were nine layers of the circle. The inner eight layers were all sector lord warriors. Undying warriors and universe knight generals were in the outermost layer.

“He won’t be able to make it,” said one of the generals.

“He’s already trapped,” said the prince. “Being caught will be his only destiny.”

The sector lord warriors were tens of thousands of miles away from each other as they started to advance toward Luo Feng. Their world energies were released and connected to Nine Remoteness World energies, sweeping across the entire area. No other races could hide themselves.

The circle narrowed, and the warriors advanced.

After around three hours, a sector lord warrior flying at high speed suddenly stopped, looked down at the ground, and cried out, “Another race! It’s the intruder of another race!”

Bang!

The dry land was torn apart, and a shadow in silver armor shot up swiftly, emanating a powerful force.

“Go!” the sector-lord warrior rushed to catch up with him, but he was too slow in comparison.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Dozens of sector lord warriors started chasing Luo Feng from all directions, yet they could only watch that silver-armored and silver-winged shadow rush toward the outside of the circle.

“He won’t be able to make it. We only make up the innermost layer of the circle. There are nine layers of us!”

The sector lord warriors started to retreat back to their positions.

Meanwhile, the warriors in the northern part of the circle had stopped advancing. The second to eighth layers of sector-lord warriors started to go after him.

Zoom!

A silver-armored, silver-winged shadow was absconding straight through the sector lord warriors.

“He is fast,” commented one warrior.

“So fast,” agreed another.

Undying fighters had already gathered in the outermost layer. The sector lord warriors in the inner eight layers were trying to locate the intruder, which could help the great beings in the outermost layer congregate beforehand at the crucial position.

From the first layer to the ninth layer, the silver-armored and silver-winged shadow flew for almost 30 minutes.

Almost 800 undying warriors were split into three teams and were ready to fight.

“He’s flown through the eighth layer,” one reported. “He’ll arrive soon.”

“Everyone needs to be extra careful,” said a general. “This one is extraordinarily fast, and based on previous intelligence, even the head of our race can’t catch up with him. One-on-one combat is out of the question. Each sub-team is going to besiege him.”

30 minutes was enough for the undying warriors to fly hundreds of millions of miles away. All the undying warriors, scattered across hundreds of millions of square feet, had gathered—almost 800 undying warriors.

The prince stood at the side of the circle.

“He flew in that direction.” The prince shook his head. “It’s a pity I can’t fight him. I hope he’s strong enough to preserve 20 or 30 percent of his godly body under the attack of 800 undying warriors of my race. Then I can finally glimpse him.”

“Your highness, this intruder is extraordinary,” the lanky universe knight general said respectfully. “He won’t escape being beleaguered by 800 of warriors of our race… but he can certainly survive.”

Light flashed through the prince’s eyes. He could see everything through synchronous transfer of the virtual universe.

“Begin,” he commanded.

…

Three armies. Almost 800 undying warriors.

“The intruder has arrived,” the most senior warrior of the 800 undying warriors announced. Then it gave the order. “Nine Remoteness Joint Attack!”

All the undying warriors raised their sturdy right arms and howled. Their arms started to burn, and undying power flashed in the form of bloody, red light.

Weng!

The visible red flow of air was primed, swirling above each of the undying fighters. The airflow formed blurry figures of blades above every undying warrior’s right arm. Overtop of the 200 undying warriors, 200 blurry red blade figures formed a single, giant bloody blade. A giant, bloody blade was concentrated above each of the three armies of undying warriors, attracting blood-red energy from throughout the world, thus empowering them to reach the power limit of undying warriors.

Zoom!

The silver-armored and silver-winged figure showed up, saw the undying-warrior team afar, and began fleeing in the exact opposite direction in a state of panic. Unfortunately, there were now teams of undying warriors in every direction. He could only retreat!

The order was given. “Attack!”

800 undying warriors waved their right arms at the same time.

Hua!

The giant, bloody blades shot out. Nothing could stop them.

The three enormous, bloody blades pursued the silver-armored and silver-winged figure. The figure emanated incredible force in its attempt to flee, but even his speed couldn’t compare to the bloody blades. The bloody blades flew hundreds of thousands of miles, and when they touched each other, they exploded simultaneously.

Boom!

The power was so vigorous it was as if it had come from the self-destruction of a super great being. The force swept into the silver-armored, silver-winged shadow.

“Ah!” A shrill, painful scream was heard as the figure was annihilated beneath the great power of the bloody blades.

In the aftermath, the 800 warriors gathered and inspected the area with their undying power.

“The intruder… died!” they realized. “Leaving behind only an ordinary undying weapon and a world ring!”

The prince received the news instantly.

“Dead?” said the prince, surprised to hear that the undying fighter from another race—who was faster than his captain-level undying warriors, even in a world where their race was empowered while other races were suppressed—had been killed so quickly. He had expected him to be a force to be reckoned with.

“Your highness, our undying warriors were only the catalyst of the Nine Remoteness Joint Attack,” the bulky universe knight explained respectfully. “The world energies on our side played a major part. It’s not surprising that the intruder was killed. If there are enough undying warriors to stimulate adequate world energies, even universe knights can be killed.”

“Check that world ring,” the prince commanded through the virtual world.

After a short while, he got the report. There were no valuables in the world ring. Those ordinary objects inside were just trash to the prince.

The prince shook his head. “It’s a fake. The dead intruder must have been an imposter. If he can move faster than a captain-level undying warrior of my race, he must be exceptional outside of this world. How could someone of such stature have so few possessions?”

“Perhaps running is his only skill,” the lanky universe knight answered.

“Inspect it again,” ordered the prince. “All undying warriors, back to your position. Keep narrowing the dragnet.”

800 undying warriors began to retreat. It took them 30 minutes to gather just now, and it would take them nearly 30 minutes longer to return to their positions. A full hour had been wasted because of that silver-armored, silver-winged shadow.

Two hours later.

“The intruder is found! The intruder is found!”

“What? Again?”

“Isn’t he dead?”

The prince in charge of the circle laughed. “I knew it. We can’t underestimate that intruder from another race. He must have been using his undying slaves, who took on his appearance to lure us into his trap.”

“Your highness, what should we do now? This one might not be the real intruder, either.”

Both of the universe knights looked at the prince. They had some ideas, but the prince was aristocratic; they generally deferred to his judgment.

“Follow the original plan,” said the prince. “We need to be careful with every other intruder that appears,” the prince said confidently. “We could inadvertently let him get away if we don’t.”

“But it’s going to slow down the entire process,” spoke up one of the universe knights.

“I’d rather go slowly than miss one,” said the prince with a cruel scowl. “Kill every intruder you find. Don’t let any of them get away. The real one will not escape.”

In the wilderness.

As Luo Feng hid, he thought about his plan. He frowned. As the prince had presumed, both of the intruders were imposters—undying slaves sent by Luo Feng.

Now, all of his undying slaves were traveling throughout the circle, attracting a good number of undying warriors to gather so he could kill them in the end. It would take the undying warriors one to two hours to gather each every time.

“Fortunately, several of my slaves are soul masters who have dozens or even over 100 slaves of their own, who also have slaves.”

Luo Feng wasn’t concerned with those slaves. They were not necessarily faster than the indigenous sector lords, yet if they burned their undying power, they would be more than 1,000 times stronger, making them far stronger than sector-lord warriors.

One undying slave after another walked to his death. And they kept stalling time.

“Quick, quick, quick,” Luo Feng said, still anxious. “The slaves I send out only slow down one side of the circle while the other three armies are still advancing fast. I need to slow down all four sides!”

Almost 100 slaves will be needed to stall them one more day, Luo Feng thought. Undying slaves are useful for God Country Transportation as bait. I can’t waste them recklessly like this.

Luo Feng looked up at the sky. Mosha body was using his talent technique “domain” deep in the bloody airflow over his head, drawing closer and closer.

“Come on,” Luo Feng muttered, his stomach in knots. “Hurry! My escape depends on whether Mosha body can get here before they finish narrowing the circle.”

His original plan had been to ask the slaves to escape so that the undying warriors in the outermost layer of the circle could gather together, after which he could break free. After giving the plan a second thought, he decided it was unlikely to succeed.

The circular dragnet was delicately formed. There were nine layers, and the last layer served almost like the teeth of a massive gear, with some of the undying warriors distributed in faraway areas as sentries. Even if most of the warriors were attracted by his ruse, a few of would still remain behind as sentries, tracking in turns. This made it easy for them to block Luo Feng from escaping for one or even two hours.

If my luck runs out, I’ll run into a universe knight, thought Luo Feng. Then I’ll be doomed.

“The safest way is to ask Mosha body to do the job,” he muttered under his breath. “He’s the best at disguising and breaking free.”

Luo Feng gazed nervously at the sky.

Chapter 988

A massive quantity of bloody air had gathered in the sky above Nine Remoteness World.

Even universe knights couldn’t venture in this place, the forbidden area of Nine Remoteness World. However, Mosha body teleported through it, his body flashing in the bloody air time and time again as he advanced toward the world below.

“I have to make it!”

As Mosha body rocketed through the layer of air, the giant circular dragnet searching for Luo Feng was steadily narrowing.

“A thirty-ninth one! Haha!” the prince said, grinning. “I told you that foreign invader is exceptional. How can an ordinary great being summon so many undying slaves?”

“Your highness, your intelligence is unquestioned,” complimented one of his generals.

“It has almost been entertaining watching these undying slaves disguising themselves to try to get away,” said the prince. “I especially enjoyed the undying slave who hid another slave inside his world ring, and the one in the world ring started to flee when the undying slave carrying it was killed. Or the three slaves trying to strike different areas of the same defensive line all at once.”

“Unfortunately for him,” the prince added confidently, “my 100 million warriors won’t let him run off.”

“That was surely his final gambit,” the lanky universe knight said. “Soon, he will be in an impasse,” the other universe knight added.

The prince nodded. “The circle has narrowed to half its original size, and we have adequate warriors now. Half of the warriors shall follow the original plan while the other half start to advance regardless of whether meeting any intruders or not. I need them to scan the whole place as fast as possible.” Fierceness flashed across the prince’s eyes. “Then even if the intruder sends his slaves, he can’t slow my warriors from advancing.”

Both of the universe knights nodded.

Indeed, as the circle being narrowed, the number of indigenous warriors soon appeared intimidating. With an order, half of the sector-lord warriors and undying warriors started to dash inward.

“No!”

Luo Feng, hiding in the wilderness, was stunned. He knew what was happening, thanks to the slaves he’d sent.

“They disregard my slaves and start to charge in?” he said. “What should I do…? What should I do now?”

For the first time, Luo Feng grew fearful. Based on his previous calculations, he had abundant time. The only problem was how many undying slaves he would waste. But now, the undying slaves weren’t able to slow down their advance, which meant big trouble.

“Come on!” Luo Feng looked up at the bloody air in the sky. “Hurry up!”

The dragnet was divided into an outer circle and an inner circle. Warriors in the outer circle were still following the original plan. Those in the inner circle, however, raced in, heedless of the intruder’s slaves.

“Onward! Onward! Charge!” cried the army.

One undying slave after another rushed out and broke from the circle easily. Barely any warriors even tried to stop them.

After a day, tens of millions of warriors in the inner circle finished gathering.

“Your highness, we’ve inspected every inch of the circle,” said the lanky general.

“Follow my orders,” said the prince. “The inner circle will start to expand and get close to the outer one. At the same time, if anyone runs into any other race, kill it. No exceptions.”

The prince gave the order, and the circle shrank even smaller. The warriors were more concentrated than ever.

Luo Feng was stuck in a trap.

“A pincer maneuver?” Luo Feng clenched his teeth. “I’ll fight to the very end and squeeze the last bit of time for my Mosha body. It’ll take him around three hours and 17 minutes to arrive, and I must make use of the time.”

Although that almighty Nine Remoteness Master owed Primal Chaos City Leader a favor, a favor from Nine Remoteness Master was not to be spent frivolously. Luo Feng wouldn’t use it unless he absolutely had to.

As long as I can escape from the junior ones, Nine Remoteness Master will be too proud to attack me, Luo Feng thought. I’ve never heard of Nine Remoteness Master attacking an heir.

He waved his hands, and six undying slaves appeared. They saluted Luo Feng and said, “Master of my master.”

“Follow my orders,” Luo Feng said.

“Yes.”

All of the slaves took on the shape of Luo Feng and departed, following Luo Feng’s command.

Luo Feng sighed. He felt like he was going crazy. Pincer maneuvers and killing all the enemies at the same time was a good idea, but the time that elapsed was now insignificant compared to their steady advance toward Luo Feng. It wouldn’t be long now.

“Your highness, two circles will meet soon, and the other race won’t be able to make it after that.”

The two universe knights were both looking forward to the result. The prince nodded mildly with a smile on his face.

Like a rat in the trap. This was the final struggle. The undying invader’s struggle pleased the prince.

You really don’t want to die, do you? the prince thought. Otherwise, you won’t be putting up such a fight, knowing you’re in a dead end.

“Alas, you’ll be in my hands in the end,” he muttered, “and I’ll see what skills you’ve got.”

The prince was eager for this moment. He hadn’t had this much fun in his long life.

Luo Feng looked up at the sky, and his fear turned to joy.

Sou!

A figure in the sky teleported and kept blinking. He dove down immediately and stopped. It was Mosha body.

“It finally arrived!”

Luo Feng felt relieved and went into Mosha body’s world ring. Mosha body shook, and black air surged. It transformed into an indigenous undying warrior with a red body and bloody horns. Even its aura was copied from one of the undying warriors that had chased Luo Feng when he first stepped into Nine Remoteness World.

“For more than a day, I performed that talent technique more than 100 times,” said Mosha body. “I’m so exhausted.”

Mosha indigenous warrior’s pressure was finally mitigated. He was too tired from the past day, as he hadn’t been able to rest in the slightest. Even a universe knight couldn’t stand such weariness.

Luo Feng had an unbending will, and together with his desire for survival, he was able to make it.

“It’ll take me around eleven minutes, and the inner encirclement will arrive sooner.” Mosha indigenous warrior smiled. “Unfortunately, you’re late.”

Warriors in the inner circle and outer circle were pretty close, and they squeezed in to complete the final stage of the chokehold.

Up in the sky, the prince floated, overlooking the boundless land. All the warriors bowed to the prince to show respect when they saw him.

“Haha! The final strangle. Each inch of this space will be occupied by my warriors soon. Let’s see where he runs!”

The prince was overjoyed.

Yet after only 20 minutes…

“Your highness, my team has already searched everywhere,” one of his generals reported. “We didn’t find that powerful other race.”

“My team didn’t find the other race either,” reported another.

“We… didn’t’ find him,” said the third.

The generals reported to the prince immediately.

“What! How?” the prince shouted at the generals in the virtual world.

“Your highness, we found 83 suspects while searching, and our undying warriors jointly stimulated Nine Remoteness World energies, which can kill even a pinnacle emperor. Perhaps the undying other race is already dead.”

“Yes, your highness. We’ve found a suspect, too. He’s powerful and left lots of valuables after falling. He might be the one we’re looking for.”

“He must be that one, then,” agreed another general.

Reports from the nine generals further infuriated the prince.

“No, that can’t be him!” the prince roared. “The earliest report says this guy is even faster than a captain-level undying warrior. He’s no ordinary great being! But we didn’t find any other races! Go search! Find him at all costs!”

“Yes.”

“Yes, sir.”

The nine universe-knight generals could only comply with the furious prince’s order. However, no matter how carefully they inspected the circle made by their armies, they couldn’t find Luo Feng.

Of course you can’t find me, thought Mosha body, disguised as an indigenous undying warrior. I’m one of you now.

As the 100 million warriors continued searching under the order of the infuriated prince, Mosha body flew far away.

Each warrior was responsible for one area. The same rule applied to Mosha body’s indigenous warrior form. But instead of searching, he simply flew farther and farther away without turning back.

No matter how fiercely the prince roared, none of the warriors could find Luo Feng. In the end, the prince reluctantly ordered the warriors to go back to their original positions.

Mosha indigenous warrior was in no rush.

With Mosha body, I can conceal my aura and change my identity, he thought. They won’t be able to find me. Besides, even if they find me, my talent technique “domain” can escape from even universe knights.

Mosha body was confident for a reason, as universe knights couldn’t teleport themselves in Nine Remoteness World. The great beings couldn’t teleport themselves, but Mosha body could perform his talent technique domain. Who could possibly catch up with Mosha body?

Mosha body flew in the sky for a long time, eventually coming across some indigenous warriors on his way, but none of them suspected him. They had no reason to suspect anything out of the ordinary. He looked away.

“A quiet indigenous city,” he said. “There isn’t even a wall around it.”

There were plenty of buildings outside the city, where lived lots of indigenous creatures with red bodies and bloody horns. The only wall was one towering one separating an inner portion of the city from the rest of it. Luo Feng presumed that some seniors and great beings lived in the inner city.


Chapter 989: Father

Luo Feng walked calmly through Nine Remoteness World, a world filled with creatures looking for him. Many indigenous creatures lived in the buildings around him, and all of them had red bodies and bloody horns. Some were babies that only reached Luo Feng’s knees, running around on the ground. Some of the older children were already fighting.

The babies are at the star traveler level, and adults are automatically sector lords, Luo Feng thought, looking around. Almost all the indigenous creatures at normal height were sector lords. No wonder there were so many sector lords chasing me. This indigenous race is indeed powerful. Much more powerful than the Golden Horned race. It might be qualified as one of the most powerful races in the universe.

Suddenly, he heard a voice. Three indigenous babies were flying and frolicking. They flew quickly with their star traveler-level power, and those small, bloody horns were almost cute.

“I was born in Ancestral Sea. You should regard me as your leader.”

“You’re indeed more talented since you absorbed the essence and were born in the Ancestral Sea, but that doesn’t mean you can be undying. We were born in the Royal Sea, but we’re still stronger than you.”

“You don’t want to obey me? Then I’ll beat you until you do!”

“Do you think we’re scared of you?”

The three babies continued assailing one another with threats as they frolicked.

Luo Feng thought to himself, They look like babies, but they’re naturally intelligent, like Golden Horned Beasts. Perhaps they can rival human teenagers…

Born in the Ancestral Sea? Born in the Royal Sea? “Absorbed the essence” in the Ancestral Sea? Thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind. Does that mean those indigenous creatures were not born to mothers? That sounds right. They’re energy-based life forms, and energy life forms are quite different from others. It seems some indigenous creatures were born in the “Ancestral Sea” while some others were born in the “Royal Sea.” The Ancestral Sea sounds superior.

Royal Sea… On my way here, I came across other indigenous creatures. I’ve heard about this prince, leading over 100 million warriors, who is trying to capture me. The prince has such a high status already, there must be a king or emperor above him.

Questions flashed through Luo Feng’s mind.

Indigenous creatures saluted Luo Feng when they saw him. Luo Feng knew that in this indigenous world, undying great beings were highly respected.

In the towering ancient city where countless indigenous residents lived.

This ancient city was much larger than the one Luo Feng was touring. It was the home of the prince, as well as several universe knight-level generals who had palaces throughout the city, too.

The prince wandered into the great palace, frowned, and clenched his teeth.

“Damn it!” he growled. “Damn it!”

All his servants quickly had fled, and he was the only one in the palace. They were frightened for their lives. They didn’t know why their prince was so furious, but he had already executed three servants.

“They dare to laugh at me! Just because you become a universe knight sooner than me? And they think that undying fighter from another race can’t get away—that I’m hallucinating?”

The prince gritted his teeth even harder. As the supreme being of this world, even universe knights revered him. Only his brothers dared provoke him. The 108 brothers constantly competed with each other, and his failure to encircle and trap the undying intruder couldn’t be kept a secret. Thus, he was mercilessly ridiculed.

“I was not wrong… I was right!”

The prince waved his hand.

Hong, long, long!

The door closed. The servants outside didn’t dare to make a sound.

In the palace, a red light dimmed on the huge pillar, soaking the entire palace in a red glow.

“Father. Father?” The prince raised his head and shouted, “Please show up, father!”

Hong, long, long!

An invincible force permeated the palace, and Nine Remoteness World energies started to gather. The servants outside didn’t even notice the movement inside the palace as Nine Remoteness World energies gathered, forming a huge, blurry face.

“My child,” said the giant head, looking down at the prince.

“My father,” said the prince, giving a salutation. Then he started to complain. “I led 100 million warriors to encircle and suppress an undying intruder from another race, and my warriors killed many undying slaves. Yet the undying intruder must still be alive. I even asked the 300 undying warriors who guard the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool at that time. Those who chased him said he was unbelievably fast. The slaves killed afterward were nothing like that. This confirms my suspicions. But—but…” The prince clenched his teeth to prevent himself from stuttering with frustration.

The giant head looked down and said in an apathetic voice, “But the universe knights under you, and your brothers, all think you’re hallucinating, don’t they?”

“Yes,” the prince said. “But—”

“You’re not wrong,” said the giant head. “But neither are they. Nine Remoteness World energies can’t detect this intruder, and that’s why they think you’re hallucinating.” The giant head stared at the prince. “But the intruder is indeed still alive.”

“Alive? Really?” The prince was overjoyed. “I knew it! I knew he was exceptional the moment I learned of his speed.”

“Exceptional, indeed,” the giant head said coldly.

“How did he escape my army?” the prince asked. He was curious about it, and it was also the issue his older brothers had questioned him about the most.

“Under Nine Remoteness World energies, other races can do nothing but show themselves,” said the giant head. “Yet he eludes the army’s efforts to find him. By all accounts, it would appear he has been killed already. You claim that he’s still alive, so let me ask you this: How do you surmise that he got away?”

The prince was bewildered.

“Because he can disguise himself,” said the giant head, looking down. “He can camouflage himself as any creature of my Nine Remoteness race.”

“Ah!” the prince said. He was excited to discover an answer, though he found it hard to believe. “Then… Then we need to kill him right now! How can we let him roam freely if he can camouflage himself?”

The giant head snorted, and the prince went silent. Although his father cared for him and his brothers, he was innately cold and indifferent. It was enough for him to care for his children. If the princes dared to ask too much of their father, however, they would be punished.

“Train harder,” said the head. “If you can become a universe knight like your brothers, I can take you outside to adventure.”

With that, the giant head disappeared.

The prince took a deep breath. “How lucky,” he muttered.

The prince was still in a panic. Realizing he had said something inappropriate, he quickly clamped his mouth shut. Such careless words were grounds for punishment.

“Universe knight,” he said. “I’ll achieve that. I will.”

Aggression filled the prince’s eyes when he thought about this. It was a determination that came from an infinity of repression. None of the princes were allowed outside Nine Remoteness World unless they became universe knights.

Luo Feng walked among the buildings. He saw another group of babies playing in front of him.

“Come here.” Luo Feng waved at one of them. He was the most jubilant and apparently the leader of the group.

The baby ran towards Luo Feng and gave a salutation. “Greetings, undying.”

“Um…” said Luo Feng, grinning. “Were you born in the Ancestral Sea?”

“Yes,” the baby answered shyly and touched his horn.

Luo Feng nodded. Based on what he had learned so far, indigenous creatures born in the Ancestral Sea were naturally stronger than those born in one of the Royal Seas. Generally, any who were born in the Ancestral Sea was automatically a leader.

“Tell me about the Ancestral Sea,” Luo Feng said.

“An undying fighter who has never been to the Ancestral Sea?” The baby looked excited, then continued, “The Ancestral Sea is outside our world. Even if we were born in the Ancestral sea, we can’t go back once we enter this world. Only if we become undying will we have the chance to go to the Ancestral Sea through the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool.”

Luo Feng was dazed. Ancestral Sea? Nine Remoteness Whirlpool? Outside?

“Is it the Nine Remoteness Ocean?” Luo Feng couldn’t help linking these two together.

“The Ancestral Sea is vast,” the indigenous baby continued. “It’s boundless and right on top of our world. Rumor has it that it’s larger than our world. Haha! Those born in the Royal Seas can’t compare to us. There are 108 Royal Seas, but even the largest Royal Sea is nothing compared to the Ancestral Sea.

The baby indulged in this grand verbiage and was obviously proud to be born in the Ancestral Sea. Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat. The pieces were falling into place.

It must be the Nine Remoteness Ocean! Nine Remoteness Space is actually Nine Remoteness Ocean with some islands on it, and Nine Remoteness Ocean has bred indigenous life forms.

As these thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind, he remained calm on the outside, saying, “It’s not that bad to be born in Royal Seas. Have you ever been to one of them?”

The baby shook his head. “Never.” He seemed to perceive the undying fighter in front of him to have been born in a Royal Sea, and he added, “Royal Seas are not bad at all, especially the largest one. I’m still very young, but when I get stronger in the future, I can go there.”

Luo Feng suddenly understood everything.

He can go there when he is stronger… It must be difficult for these indigenous warriors to leave this world to see the Ancestral Sea again. Since it is easier to see the Royal Seas, those must be located inside Nine Remoteness World.


Chapter 990: Strictly Confidential

“What about them?” Luo Feng asked, looking to the babies afar. He was still in his Mosha body, disguised as a creature of the indigenous race of Nine Remoteness World. “Which royal sea were they born in?”

“Bei An Shell was also born in the Ancestral Sea,” said the baby. It had a pair of bright eyes and articulated itself well. “Everyone else was born in Royal Seas except Bei An Shell and me. Some of them were born in the Large Royal Sea while some in the Small Royal Sea.”

Luo Feng’s Mosha body nodded. “Make efforts, and you can become undying in the future.” He touched the baby’s bloody horn with a smile.

“I see.” The baby nodded.

Mosha body turned around and planned to leave, but the baby looked at his back and bit his lip. Clearly, he wanted something more.

Other babies came flying toward him.

“Leader!” they said. “Leader! How did it go, leader? Did that undying fighter recruit you as his disciple?”

“Why’re you even asking?” one of them jeered. “That undying fighter left. Of course he didn’t recruit him.”

Other babies began discussing this. A long time ago, a Golden Horned Beast who was only a child had almost destroyed the earth. Now, even these indigenous babies were intelligent.

“Shut up!” the first baby shouted and looked at Mosha body’s back with bitterness.

He had thought that the undying fighter valued him and would be willing to recruit him as his disciple. That was why he had explained everything with such passion. Little did he expect that the undying fighter hadn’t intended to do any such thing.

The adults of this race were sector lords by default; there were numerous sector lords but only a few undying fighters. In the army, for every 1,000 sector lord warriors, there was only one undying warrior. Given that most of the creatures were not qualified for the army, the proportion compared to the overall population was even smaller. Only after being taught by an undying fighter could one be guaranteed a bright future.

“Why didn’t he recruit me as his disciple? Is it because I was born in the Ancestral Sea while he was born in Royal Sea?” The baby leader clenched his teeth. “Humph! I was born in the Royal Sea, which makes me nobler. Someday, I, Mai Si Shell, will become an undying fighter—a captain or even a general!”

Mosha body wandered casually through the indigenous city. He could clearly hear chatting among 10,000 indigenous creatures and integrated the information. Suddenly, he heard a conversation about 108 princes. Mosha body, carefree a moment prior, was suddenly dazed.

108 princes? And 108 Royal Seas? Mosha body thought, standing still. Ancestral Sea and Royal sea. 108 Royal Seas and 108 princes. Do the Royal Seas have something to do with the princes?

Mosha body felt encouraged. If the Royal Seas and the princes are connected, then the Ancestral Sea must be connected to… the Nine Remoteness Master! That’s right. Teacher said before that Nine Remoteness Master is invincible in Nine Remoteness Space. Perhaps Nine Remoteness Master can utilize the power within that Nine Remoteness Ocean. That’s a sea with a diameter of over ten light years. It’s so forceful that it might even be the Five-Colored Aurora Lake’s rival. He’s truly invincible if he can use the ocean’s power!

The more Mosha body thought about it, the more excited he got. Another thought struck his mind. Why is every prince correlated with a Royal Sea? Were they born together? Does that mean every prince was born with a Royal Sea? If my third body can be born with a Royal Sea like those princes…

108 princes, and based on my information, some of the princes are universe knights, some are undying fighters, and others are sector lords. The princes are of royal blood, and they even have universe-knight guards, which would make it difficult to get their genes. If a prince is, indeed, so gifted… then I’ll use the favor Nine Remoteness Master owes my teacher to acquire my third body.

Mosha body sorted out his mind instantly. Based on the information at hand, this seemed likely. The numbers matched perfectly. Besides, Nine Remoteness Master was undefeatable in Nine Remoteness Space. It was likely that these facts were related. The princes could be regarded as weaker versions of Nine Remoteness Master!

Those indigenous creatures did say the princes were immortal!

Mosha body continued gathering information by traveling the city and eavesdropping for two days. Based on what he knew, the indigenous children were indoctrinated. He heard comments such as, “You must be loyal to your Emperor and your princes!” And, “The Emperor and princes are holy!” Or, “Fight for your Emperor! Fight for your princes! It’s your duty and your glory.”

The more information Luo Feng gathered about the Emperor and the princes, the more curious he got. Eventually, he decided it was time to meet again with Primal Chaos City Leader.

In the virtual universe, at the apex of Thunder Island.

In that towering palace surrounded by haze, Luo Feng stepped in.

“Teacher,” Luo Feng said respectfully, standing within the haze.

“Did you run into some trouble in Nine Remoteness World?” said a gentle, placating voice. Primal Chaos City Leader walked out dressed in a golden cape. “Have you used that favor already?”

“Not yet,” Luo Feng answered.

“Oh?” Primal Chaos City Leader was surprised. “Have you broken out?”

“I have Mosha body now,” said Luo Feng. “I was trapped in Nine Remoteness World, but fortunately, my Mosha body arrived in time to save me.”

“How did he get there?” Primal Chaos City Leader asked. “Did your Mosha body fly through the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool? I don’t think that’s possible.”

“He went into Nine Remoteness World,” Luo Feng answered.

Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng, perplexed. Although he had never been there before, that place belonged to Nine Remoteness Master. That sky and land were supposedly strictly guarded. Even universe knights might not be able to get in.

“My Mosha body was lucky enough to get a talent technique, ‘domain,’” Luo Feng explained.

“Domain?”

Though Primal Chaos City Leader was startled, he did know some universe knight-level great beings of the Mosha clan who had this talent technique. After all, Mosha clan was a reproduction clan, and some of the non-classified information was already known to the outside world. A supreme being like Primal Chaos City Leader naturally knew about domain.

“Domain is indeed impressive.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded with a smile. “It’s quite powerful until you become a universe master.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

Primal Chaos City Leader was curious. “Since you have Mosha body to protect you, it should be fairly easy for you to survive Nine Remoteness World. After all, you’re an heir of the Ancestral God School, and Nine Remoteness Master is close to the Ancestral God School. It’s not likely that he’ll attack you directly. Given these factors, why are you here to see me?”

Luo Feng took a deep breath and said, “I obtained the leaf of the World Tree as planned. Unfortunately, I didn’t manage to breed my third body.”

“Didn’t manage to?” Primal Chaos City Leader sighed. He felt sorry for his disciple.

“However, I’ve discovered something more interesting.” Luo Feng looked at Primal Chaos City Leader but hesitated.

“Speak,” prodded Primal Chaos City Leader.

Luo Feng stared at Primal Chaos City Leader. “Allow me to ask first… what’s the connection between Nine Remoteness Master and the Nine Remoteness Ocean?”

Primal Chaos City Leader glanced at Luo Feng in shock, then said, “That is a top secret in the universe, but since you’ve already deduced part of it, I’ll tell you. Nine Remoteness Master is Nine Remoteness Ocean, and Nine Remoteness Ocean is Nine Remoteness Master!”

Luo Feng trembled. God! This was even more unbelievable than he thought.

“Nine Remoteness Master has always been a terrific being,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “He is my rival. Actually, in one-on-one combat, he’s weaker than me. So what makes him my rival? Because even if I kill him, he would be resurrected very soon after. In other words, he’s immortal!”

Luo Feng was startled.

“After Nine Remoteness Master dies,” Primal Chaos City Leader said, “a new version comes into being. It happens every time. How terrifying is that? That’s why even the Ancestral God School treats Nine Remoteness Master with respect. Lots of issues that the beast gods can’t deal with are left to him.”

He paused, then went on. “Nothing can be kept a secret forever, I suppose. Lots of great beings study why universe masters can be revived so quickly. After all, it should take a long time to resurrect such a powerful godly body. It has been discovered that each time he dies, Nine Remoteness Ocean gives birth to a new Nine Remoteness Master. Nine Remoteness Ocean is his endless source.”

Primal Chaos City Leader continued, “Back when this was first discovered, it merely confirmed a special relationship between Nine Remoteness Ocean and Nine Remoteness Master. However, something momentous then occurred, which spread the name of Nine Remoteness Master throughout the entire universe. He killed a universe master! Because of a certain true treasure, two universe knights of the demon race jointly hunted Nine Remoteness Master and chased him to Nine Remoteness Ocean. Nine Remoteness Master dove into the ocean and vanished. At the same time, the entire ocean started to burn, burning boundless godly power.”

“The entire ocean burned?” Luo Feng was dazed.

“That’s right,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “The entire ocean was burning. Apparently, Nine Remoteness Master was enraged and used all his power to burn the entire ocean. It was so forceful that it suppressed the true treasures carried by both of the universe masters of the demon race and annihilated a universe master instantly. As for the other one, he escaped using his true treasure. The dead universe master was called Cang Yang Master. The one who survived is… Master of Sky Wolf.”

Luo Feng gaped at Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Some other great beings were following them and tried to take advantage of the situation,” Primal Chaos City Leader went on. “They witnessed everything, and word spread. Other supreme beings knew, after that fight, that Nine Remoteness Master and Nine Remoteness Ocean are one and the same! As long as Nine Remoteness Ocean exists, Nine Remoteness Master is immortal. Within Nine Remoteness Ocean, he is invincible!”


Chapter 991: Arrival at the Royal Sea

“He has the ocean with a diameter of ten-something light years…” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Who in the universe can rival him in terms of godly power? The size of his godly body is outrageous.”

Luo Feng nodded. It was indeed outrageous.

There were quite a few special organisms in the universe, and lots of them had colossal bodies, yet even the largest special life forms had the height of several hundred million miles, and most of them were of the plant race and rock race. As for Nine Remoteness Ocean, it had a diameter of over ten light years!

Several hundred million miles, compared to over ten light years, was like the most powerful World Tree being compared to Nine Remoteness Ocean; it was a drop in the bucket!

“Nobody has ever figured out why he has such an unbelievably enormous body.” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head. “Nobody else’s godly body can compare to his. I’ve also heard that Nine Remoteness Master doesn’t have any talent techniques.”

“Huh?” Luo Feng was dazed. No talent techniques?

“Nine Remoteness Master is no doubt a special life form in the universe,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “However, even if he’s annihilated, and another godly body is bred, he has never mastered any talent techniques. It’s a fair universe, after all. He was already bestowed, by the universe, an outrageously large godly body. As such, he must be strictly limited in other fields.”

Primal Chaos City Leader suddenly looked at Luo Feng and asked, “Why are you here to ask about Nine Remoteness Master? Can you tell me the reason now?”

“I want to breed my third body,” answered Luo Feng. “A third body like the prince.”

“The prince?” Primal Chaos City Leader was dazed

“Yes,” said Luo Feng. “The princes in Nine Remoteness World. “Based on what I know, those princes have something akin to Nine Remoteness Ocean, but they’re called Royal Seas!”

“But Nine Remoteness Master only has three children,” Primal Chaos City Leader said.

“Three?” said Luo Feng.

“Yes. Three children. One of them is a universe overlord, and the other two are universe knights. However, they can be revived even if they’re killed.”

Luo Feng broke into laughter. “Teacher, based on what I have learned from Nine Remoteness World, Nine Remoteness Master actually has 108 children in total! And there are 108 Royal Seas in Nine Remoteness World! But those princes are not equally powerful. There are three universe knights, dozens of undying fighters and dozens of sector lords.

“108?” Primal Chaos City Leader was startled. “If there are 108 of them, their life level won’t be too high. You’ll have a high chance of success.”

Luo Feng nodded. He had thought the same thing. There were nine World Trees, whereas Nine Remoteness Master had 108 children. The greater the number, the lower the life level. After all, the more powerful the life forms were, the rarer they were. Some special life forms were the only one of their kind.

“You want to acquire the water of a Royal Sea?” Primal Chaos City Leader asked.

“All the 108 Royal Seas are located at the center of Nine Remoteness World, and no indigenous armies are guarding them,” Luo Feng said.

“Wrong.” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head. “Nine Remoteness Master will notice it, even without armies.”

Luo Feng was dazed, but he quickly realized Primal Chaos City Leader was right! Nine Remoteness Ocean part of Nine Remoteness Master himself, and the entire ocean was completely under his control. He would be aware of anything that happened there.

“I’ll only take a little water. I think it’s going to be okay.” Luo Feng was nervous.

“I wouldn’t be so sure,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “The water is part of his children’s godly bodies, after all. But even I can’t be sure what will happen. If Nine Remoteness Master finds out that you are taking the water, just tell him you’re my disciple. He owes me a huge favor, and some water will be fine.”

Luo Feng felt more grateful than ever for his teacher. Primal Chaos City Leader had, indeed, helped him a lot.

Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng contently. If Luo Feng’s future third body was like Nine Remoteness Master’s, he could be revived shortly after he died! And the energies were limitless! Then Luo Feng would certainly become an incredible immortal warrior of the human race!

Luo Feng could resist the urge no longer. “I’ll go and get the water now.”

“Go,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. He also looked forward to the result.

In Nine Remoteness World.

Mosha body’s eyes blazed. He flew up in the sky and raced towards the center of Nine Remoteness World. This world was so immense that Mosha body flew for over half a year until he finally reached his destination.

“The Royal Seas!”

Mosha body stood in the sky, looking out over the boundless ocean. It was a spectacular sight.

“I’ll examine the 108 Royal Seas first.”

Although he knew of the existence of the 108 Royal Seas, he didn’t have any details about them. The sizes of the oceans would make a huge difference to his future godly body, which was why Luo Feng needed to decide carefully. He spent another month flying around the seas for inspection.

56 of the 108 Royal Seas were red and were worthy of the name “Bloody Seas”! All 56 Bloody Seas were of the same size, with a diameter of around 50 million miles.

There were also 49 Royal Seas in which water tumbled inside. They looked like the other seas but had diameters of 600 million miles, and these were the so-called “Small Royal Seas” the indigenous creatures talked about.

There were also three Royal Seas with diameters ranging from 20 billion miles to 63 billion miles. These were the legendary “Large Royal Seas.”

“So many indigenous creatures come here for worship,” Mosha body said, looking down.

Around the 108 Royal Seas, especially around the Small Royal Seas and Large Royal Seas, many indigenous creatures groveled to show their veneration. As for the Bloody Seas, barely anyone was around them.

“Worship.” Mosha body nodded.

A great number of indigenous creatures were born in Small Royal Seas and Large Royal seas. That meant these Royal Seas were like their parents! They would be taken away once they were born and spread to all the various cities of Nine Remoteness World. When they became adults and got powerful enough, they would return and worship their mother seas!

There were even some sickly and dying indigenous creatures coming here and waiting for their doom. They were born here, and they died here.

Perhaps these indigenous creatures don’t know that the princes are the Royal Seas, and the Royal Seas are the princes, Mosha body thought to himself. But some of them were born in Royal Seas while others were born in Ancestral Seas. That means they’ll naturally revere their princes and their emperor.

Sou!

Mosha body dove down and landed beside a Bloody Sea. Small Royal Seas indicated undying princes. Large Royal Seas indicated universe knight-level princes. As for Bloody Seas, they stood for sector lord-level princes!

Sector lord-level princes are weak, and their seas look like blood, he thought. Besides, their young can’t be born in the Bloody Seas. Only after becoming undying will the Bloody Seas sublimate into ordinary seas and have the ability to breed lives.

Luo Feng nodded.

Around the Small Royal Seas and Large Royal Seas, countless indigenous creatures were worshipping. There was almost nobody worshipping around Bloody Seas, as nobody was born in Bloody Seas.

“What are you doing here?” An indigenous creature landed.

Mosha body glanced at him and turned toward the extensive Bloody Sea, where blood flowed rapidly inside. He said respectfully, “I just want to see the Bloody Sea. I was born in a Large Royal Sea, but my Large Royal Sea was just like this Bloody Sea a long time ago.”

The indigenous undying warrior stared at Mosha body. “Be careful. The rule is very clear. No fighting around the Bloody Seas, and no one should take the water.”

“Of course. I understand.” Mosha body nodded.

“Good.”

The undying indigenous warrior didn’t say anything further, as he surely didn’t imagine one of his own people would do anything forbidden.

Mosha body murmured after watching the undying indigenous warrior leave. “I didn’t even know there were such taboos. Perhaps I didn’t collect enough information. But that’s right. Royal Seas are the princes, and Bloody Seas are sector lord-level princes, who are relatively weak and have fragile lives. Some powerful indigenous creatures might be able to hurt Bloody Seas unintentionally, and some might even kill the sector-lord princes.

Time passed. In the sky and land of Nine Remoteness World, the bloody mist always pervaded the air. In the Bloody Sea, the blood tumbling, and on the edge of the Bloody Sea stood Mosha body.

“I care of nothing else right now. I must have it.”

Mosha body looked around. There were no worshippers near the Bloody Seas, and the closet ones were more than a billion miles away. As long as he was fast enough, nobody would notice him— with one exception. Nine Remoteness Master.

“It’ll be okay for me to just take some water. It’s a sea with a diameter of 50 million miles. It won’t mind a little water.”

Mosha body was actually kind of anxious. That terrifying Nine Remoteness Master might be infuriated.

“For my third body! For my future! I must do it.”

Mosha body performed his talent technique domain and showed up on the sea. He reached out his hands, took some water from the bloody water, and quickly put it in his world ring. The world ring was carried by the original earthling body, and it was the most solid world ring Luo Feng had. Of course, Nine Remoteness Master could destroy it with a wave of his hands.

The sea reeked of blood, and Mosha body could smell it when his finger touched the water. “This is not water at all,” he realized. “This is blood.”

Sou!

Mosha body returned back to his original position. Less than 0.1 seconds passed after performing domain twice. He had already gotten the water of the Bloody Sea.

“I’ve been traveling through Nine Remoteness World, and Nine Remoteness Master must already know about my technique domain.” Mosha body looked to the indigenous creatures worshipping in the distance. “They didn’t notice me. Good. Otherwise, I’ll be besieged if they see me do something forbidden.”

Just when Mosha body planned to leave.

Hong!

An incredible and unbelievable force arrived, the Nine Remoteness World energies hundreds of millions of miles around Luo Feng concentrated and became a space in front of Luo Feng. It then turned into the contours of a huge face. Ferocity filled the sky and land around him.

Everything turned red. In the bloody sky and land, the giant head glared at Mosha body.

Nine Remoteness Master had arrived!

Chapter 992

Mosha body was stunned. He looked around and found that the sky and land hundreds of millions of miles around him was already blocked from the outside. Only Nine Remoteness Master could have acted so instantaneously.

At the same time, other indigenous creatures worshipping in other Royal Seas could only see ordinary Bloody Seas even if they looked in the direction of Luo Feng.

A large head floated in the sky, looking down at Mosha body.

A cold voice echoed across the entire bloody sky and land. “Human! You’re trying my patience!”

Mosha body was dazed. Nine Remoteness Master really did know everything that was going on in Nine Remoteness World. Luo Feng appeared as Mosha body now, yet Nine Remoteness Master called him “human,” which meant he knew the human body was his original one.

Fortunately, he didn’t just kill me right away, Mosha body thought to himself. He still cares about his status, and he has a close relationship with the Ancestral God School, so he didn’t attack an heir like me.

But what am I supposed to do now? He has a noble and special status, even with the three ancestral gods of the Ancestral God School. The only reason he didn’t attack me was for the sake of his status. If I further provoke him, he’ll kill me directly, and neither Ancestral God School nor the human race will be able to do anything about it. Firstly, I must not provoke him again. Secondly, I need the water in that Bloody Sea.

Nine Remoteness Master might have figured out what I’m really up to because I stole twigs and leaves of the World Trees before, but that’s just my assumption. I stole the leaf from Tree Island, which belongs to the World Trees. For what it’s worth, the most powerful World Trees have the power of a universe master.

Then again, Nine Remoteness Master wouldn’t have been watching that place constantly. No great beings like being watched all the time. Even I don’t like it, let alone the most powerful World Tree. Perhaps Nine Remoteness Master didn’t even notice me stealing the leaf of World Trees. If he didn’t notice that, he might not even know why I took the water.

Thoughts flooded Mosha body’s mind when the giant head of Nine Remoteness Master was roaring, as he needed to prepare for the worst.

“Greetings, universe master,” Mosha body said, saluting him.

He changed into his original earthling body while Mosha body went back to the world ring. Since Nine Remoteness Master had called him “human,” Luo Feng definitely needed to show his original earthling body out of respect.

The giant head looked down at Luo Feng. “Why didn’t you leave after escaping the circle?”

“I—I wanted to take my chances.” Luo Feng said respectfully. “After breaking out of the circle, I thought nobody would identify my Mosha body, and the other side of Nine Remoteness Whirlpool has always been kept a secret to all generations of heirs of the Ancestral God School. I wanted to take the opportunity to see it. I thought I could be lucky enough to avoid being found out, but now, after seeing you, universe master, I realize everything was under your watch.”

The giant head was observing Luo Feng with its head down. It appeared satisfied that Luo Feng was answering with respect and tranquility.

“My real name is Nine Remoteness Master,” the giant head said.

“Nine Remoteness Master,” Luo Feng responded respectfully.

“I’ve heard something about you, human Blade River Emperor. You have a clone talent technique, and you can revive yourself even if I kill you. That’s why you’re so calm, isn’t it?”

Luo Feng responded, “I’m meeting Nine Remoteness Master now. How can I not be nervous? I’m just pretending to be calm.

“Hahaha…” The giant head burst into laughter, and the sound swept across the entire bloody sky and land like great waves; it stopped after a long while. Gradually, its face became apathetic. “You should’ve known that the 108 Royal Seas, especially the bloody ones, are off-limits. You should’ve gathered the information in my world. How dare you steal the water? Speak! Speak! Speak! Speak!”

“Speak!”

“Speak!”

“Speak!”

It penetrated Luo Feng’s soul and echoed in his mind. All of a sudden, he was trapped in illusion.

“Break!”

Luo Feng had a stronger will than most universe knights. It was not enough for Nine Remoteness Master to control him with only his voice.

“Hmm?” Nine Remoteness Master looked down at Luo Feng. Surprise flashed across his giant face. He was surprised that a sector lord could resist that voice, as even some universe knights could be tempted.

“I’m curious about the legendary 108 Royal Seas, so I came here to see them,” he said. “I find that there’s nothing special about the water in other Royal Seas, but the water in this Bloody Seas not only looks like blood but also smells like blood. I was curious about the secret behind this, so I took some water. I thought a little water was nothing, as the Bloody Sea is so large, so I took my chances.”

“Took your chances?” The giant head’s voice grew colder. “Humph! You knew it was off-limits, but you touched it anyway. As such, you should prepare for your punishment…”

Luo Feng got scared. Originally, he didn’t want to use the favor Nine Remoteness Master owed his teacher, but he couldn’t worry about that now.

“Nine Remoteness Master…” he said.

“No,” said Nine Remoteness Master. “I actually wanted to…”

Just when Luo Feng was to use the favor, he stopped talking when he heard Nine Remoteness Master say, “I actually wanted to.”

The giant head sneered at him. “You thought I wanted to kill you? Humph! I did want to kill you, but I gave up that plan because you’re a great being trained by the Ancestral God School.”

“Ancestral God School?” said Luo Feng.

“There are formal members and sub-members in Ancestral God School,” said the giant head. “Sub-members fight more than formal members. Sub-members are the most powerful force of the Ancestral God School!”

Luo Feng nodded. There were only a few formal members in the Ancestral God School, while countless peerless talents from hundreds of millions of races were admitted as sub-members of Ancestral God School, like candidate prophets, candidate deified generals, and high-achievers of beast god inheritance, many of whom were at the universe overlord level! It was a mighty force.

“I am the guarding godly master, Nine Remoteness!” The giant head looked down at Luo Feng. “You, Blade River Emperor, are a member of the sub-organization, and you’re a crucial one.”

Luo Feng blinked his eyes fast. Guarding godly master?

“There are guarding prophets, guarding knights, a guarding knight master, and a guarding godly master in the sub-organization,” the giant head said, looking down at Luo Feng. “Each guarding godly master is the head of a power. From today on, you, Blade River Emperor, are the guarding prophet of the sub-organization of the Ancestral God School, and I am your guarding godly master. The stronger you become, the higher your status will be. I’ll spare your life if you accept these terms. If you don’t, you know what will happen.”

Luo Feng was dazed. Amazing! Nine Remoteness Master was a guarding godly master!

Luo Feng had originally planned to use the favor Nine Remoteness Master owed his Primal Chaos City Leader teacher. Little did he realize that the Ancestral God School had already had its eyes on him.

“You won’t be an enemy to your human race even if you’re in the sub-organization,” the giant head continued. “You’ll be very free in the sub-organization, and there will be no boundaries to your behavior. Once in a while, there are some issues of the Ancestral God School that need dealing with, and that’s when an order comes. You can even write your reasons to reject the mission if you don’t want to do it. So, do you want to be a part of it?”

Luo Feng blinked twice, then gave a salutation. “Greetings, guarding godly master.”

“Smart,” Nine Remoteness Master said. “Good. This is ‘Ancestral God Token.’”

A black token showed up out of nowhere. It dropped from the sky and fell in front of Luo Feng.

Luo Feng took the token, which was heavy and cold. There were only two words on the token: “Ancestral God.” It was sculpted by engravings that Luo Feng didn’t recognize, but he knew it said “Ancestral God.”

“It’s integrated with your life imprint, and you’re the only one in the Ancestral God School who can use it,” Nine Remoteness Master said. “You can contact the Ancestral God School with this token, and the school uses it to announce its tasks. You can get in touch with the Ancestral God School as long as you’re in the universe.”

Luo Feng was startled. This was how the virtual universe worked.

“Only through words,” Nine Remoteness Master continued. “The Ancestral God Token is unique. Don’t lose it.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng felt relieved.

It was impressive that they only communicated through words. Apparently, it was difficult to make an Ancestral God Token.

“If anyone in the Ancestral God School comes for you, show them the token, and they’ll know you.”

“Got it,” Luo Feng answered respectfully.

“Now, go.”

An invisible force surrounded Luo Feng.

Sou!

Luo Feng disappeared.

The giant head said, “Blade River Emperor belongs to me now. I didn’t fight for him. On the contrary, it was him who came to my Nine Remoteness World and offended me. That was why I took him. How will the others react when they discover I took Blade River Emperor. Hahaha! Last Time, ‘Flame Sky’ got Zhu Chong Emperor, but I got Blade River Emperor. Hahaha…”

“Huh?” Luo Feng looked around and found himself in the middle of deep space. He could see Nine Remoteness Space afar.

“I… I’m outside Nine Remoteness Space now?”

Luo Feng was thrilled by Nine Remoteness Master’s skills. He felt exhilarated to be out, but he didn’t dare show his feelings yet; he didn’t know if Nine Remoteness Master was still watching him. He ordered his soul slave to cast God Country Transportation.

Weng!

A blurry, golden light flashed. Luo Feng took his soul slave and stepped into the light, then disappeared into space.

In the palace of the Primal Secret Region.

“Hahaha…!” Luo Feng showed up in the palace and was overjoyed.

Finally! He had successfully retrieved the water of Bloody Sea!


Chapter 993: Third Body

Perhaps Nine Remoteness master didn’t know why Luo Feng took the water from the Bloody Sea—or perhaps he knew already—but he had other plans. Regardless, Luo Feng had achieved his goal!

“I don’t care whether he knows or not. The point is, I can be stronger! I can start to breed my third body with the water from the Bloody Sea.”

Luo Feng was exhilarated. He thought he could get some water from the Bloody Sea with the favor from Primal Chaos City Leader, but he hadn’t expected to be admitted to the sub-organization in exchange.

“There are many great beings in the human race who made it to the sub-organization.” Luo Feng was beaming. “With my power getting stronger, I’m basically guaranteed to finish the fifth-level inheritance, especially after getting so many beast-god inheritance opportunities. I’ll have to join the sub-organization someday in the future.”

Candidate prophets, candidate deified generals, and heirs who completed the fifth-level or higher beast-god inheritance had to join the Ancestral God School sub-organization! Yet Luo Feng had been invited in now.

Incredible talents like Zhu Chong Emperor, Bark Mirror Emperor, and Luo Feng were highly valued by the Ancestral God School, as they could rival universe knights as undying fighters and would be universe overlords’ match once they became universe knights. It would only take a little training for them to have the power of universe masters after becoming universe knights!

After all, peerless talents like these wouldn’t come back to Bauhinia Island if they failed on the beast god path, but they could still make great accomplishments following the time and space path, which was why the Ancestral God School admitted them in advance to make sure they didn’t let these future supreme beings slip.

I’ll at least achieve something following the beast god path, Luo Feng thought. I might as well join now since I’ll join in the future anyway.

“Especially since it helped me avoid being killed. Haha…!”

Luo Feng certainly hadn’t expected himself to become a follower of Nine Remoteness Master.

“Excellent! Excellent!” The more Luo Feng thought about it, the more excited he got.

In the palace, Tian Chen Emperor gave a salutation. “Congratulations, master.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng waved his hand and got the world ring temporarily kept by Tian Chen Emperor. He sat down with his legs crossed while Mosha body entered the internal world with the water from the Bloody Sea.

…

The core, in the internal world.

Ah-ooo!

The 600-mile long Golden Horned Beast howled with excitement, producing a sound that was like far-reaching thunder.

“There are nine World Trees in total, while Nine Remoteness Master has 108 princes.” Mosha body stood in the sky, watching the basin-sized blood churning and smell of bloody permeating. “There are 109 creatures of the same race counting Nine Remoteness Master. 109 of them! Nine Remoteness Master is indeed powerful, but I refuse to believe that every prince has such an outrageous life level.”

“It will succeed! It must succeed!”

Mosha body stared at the lump of water from the Bloody Sea. Although he presumed the chance of success to be high, Luo Feng wasn’t sure of the princes’ life levels. Thinking about his last failure, he couldn’t help but be anxious.

“The moment that determines my fate!”

Both Mosha body and Golden Horned Beast calmed down and gazed at the churning blood.

Sou!

Surrounded by the world energies of the internal world, the water from the Bloody Sea shot up and flew high in the sky. It grew dead silent in the internal world.

After a long while, the lump of water flew to the center of the internal world.

“Talent technique, clone! Breed!” Luo Feng said, controlling the entire internal world with his mind.

The internal world started to tremble after the doppelganger technique was triggered the last time. This time, boundless world energies flocked to the lump of bloody seawater at the center of the world. The water evaporated immediately, and only the basic life material was wrapped by the world energies.

A golden ball showed up, high in the sky. It had already started to breed the third body. Luo Feng’s mind sensed everything in an instant.

It succeeded! Luo Feng realized. All the life material has been resolved, and it has started to be bred!

“Hah-hah-hah…!” Mosha body guffawed. “My third body is meant to be Nine Remoteness of the Bloody Sea, and I’ll have boundless godly power in the future. Even if I die, I can be reborn again. This is real immortality!”

Ah-ooo!

Golden Horned Beast roared with thrill.

“Excellent! Excellent!” Luo Feng stood up, beaming. He grabbed Tian Chen Emperor and said, “Tian Chen, drink with me!”

He even summoned some other emperor limit slaves, and they started to drink their fill!

Luo Feng sensed that it would take over 600 years to breed the third body. The more stable and powerful the internal world was, the easier it was to breed a body, but the stronger the body was, the longer it took for the body to be bred.

It had taken Luo Feng over a year to breed the earthling body, while it took him three years and nine months to breed the Mosha body.

As for the Bloody Sea Nine Remoteness Body, it would take him over 600 years. If Luo Feng didn’t choose to swallow the metal to improve his internal world but turn to the ninth-level sector-lord internal body of the ordinary Golden Horned Beast, it would take him more than 10,000 years.

“I already expected that it would take such a long time. It’s a special life form after all.”

Luo Feng was overjoyed. He had taken so many risks and tried so many different methods just for his third body. Now that his internal world had finally started to breed it, all it took was cultivation.

Only 600 years… He could spend the 600 years practicing, and it would be like a blink of an eye. After which, his third body would be finished.

“I’ll go to the Ancestral God School! I’ll need to study law comprehension in the coming 600 years. Being undying isn’t difficult for me, but it’ll take a lot of effort to be a universe knight.”

Luo Feng knew clearly that he could only fully comprehend the teleportation part of his space law. As for space strangle and space seal, he could only comprehend a small portion of it. The complete space law required the combination of all three parts! Countless peerless talents comprehended all three but had been stuck at the last step for an eternity like True Yan Emperor, Zhu Chong Emperor, and Bark Mirror Emperor. Luo Feng couldn’t underestimate it.

“The more I accumulate, the more beneficial it is for a breakthrough. Besides, I’ve fully comprehended the third chapter, which means I need to create the third move for Moon Policy and Star Map.”

Luo Feng realized he had lots of things to do.

After drinking, Luo Feng told Primal Chaos City Leader what happened. Primal Chaos City Leader was thrilled to know that Luo Feng didn’t use his favor and had started to breed his third body.

“Haha!” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Even though the powerful universe masters close to the Ancestral God School are the leaders of different streams of the sub-organization of Ancestral God School, they only belong to the sub-organization. This Nine Remoteness… He’s lived so long that he thinks competing with the other old guys is fun. Luo Feng, work hard! Since you’re so valued by the Ancestral God School, you might get some true treasures in the future. Think about Zhu Chong Emperor who obtained two. Take anything you can when the time comes.”

“Yes, teacher,” Luo Feng answered.

On the same day, Luo Feng’s original earthling body left Primal Secret Region and arrived at Bauhinia Island through God Country Transportation.

Luo Feng gathered with his teacher True Yan Knight, and some of his friends like Thousand Rain Emperor, Cha Man Emperor, and Li Li Emperor after being back to Bauhinia Island, and the news spread.

“Blade River Emperor is back!”

“Blade River Emperor is back from Nine Remoteness Space!”

“Were Blade River Emperor’s true treasures left at the central place where Nine Remoteness Whirlpool leads to?”

“They have to be. Even universe knights aren’t likely to survive that place. Blade River Emperor must have revived himself using his clone technique.”

“But I can’t sense Blade River Emperor’s sector lord aura.”

“Same. I saw Blade River Emperor, too, but I didn’t sense his sector lord aura.”

“I think Blade River Emperor still has his true treasures.”

“How is it possible? Even universe knights can’t survive that place. I think either Blade River Emperor has become undying or he got a new true treasure.”

“New true treasure?”

“Humans are a peak race. Those lower-tier true treasures might be attracted to ordinary races, but they are just ordinary to humans, and they have an abundant number of them.”

The news spread like wildfire through the open-air square in the world of glory, and Bark Mirror Emperor knew it, too.

In the palace.

Bark Mirror Emperor’s godly body had fully recovered. However, he looked colder and crueler. He was innately gloomy and ferocious— even more so after being crushed by True Yan Knight.

“No sector lord aura?” Bark Mirror Emperor clenched his teeth. “Did he become undying or get a new true treasure? I’ll kill him directly if he’s undying! I’m a noble and powerful special life form! If he has a new true treasure, then I’ll take it by force! Blade River Emperor, True Yan Knight! I’ll have my revenge!”

Luo Feng sat in his palace and started practicing after spending quality time with his teacher and friends, in spite of the spreading rumors outside.


Luo Feng felt the mountain quivering right after he landed on its top, even before he moved. He was bewildered… Was this the sign that the treasure was opening?

The mountain kept trembling more and more fiercely.

The heirs who had been chatting casually or looking for treasures all shot up and looked toward the mountain Luo Feng stood on. Soon, the sky was filled with heirs from all races in every direction.

“The treasure!”

“The treasure will be opened.”

“He opened the treasure!”

Bark Mirror Emperor flew up too. “Impossible!” He opened his golden eyes wide and saw that there were seven heirs on the trembling mountain, including Luo Feng. “It has to be one of the other six heirs. It has to be!”

He hated Blade River Emperor from the bottom of his heart and was not willing to see him get the valuable. It was the 106th tallest mountain. Although it was only ranked 106th, it was still one of the top 108 valuables, and each was as valuable as a true treasure. Even the lower-ranked valuables were a match for most average true treasures.

Bark Mirror Emperor only had one ordinary true treasure and refused to believe that Blade River Emperor could also get one.

Unfortunately for Bark Mirror Emperor, that wasn’t his decision.

The other heirs standing on the mountain were thrilled.

“The valuable. It’s the valuable!”

“The mountain has started to tremble.”

“The treasure will be opened.”

“It’s me! I just touched this tree. I must have triggered it.”

“No, it’s me! I triggered the valuable!”

The heirs were all excited and nervous. Even though they all knew that the mountain had only trembled after Blade River Emperor landed on it, they still held out hope that it could be one of them. They wouldn’t give up, as long as there was even a slight trace of hope. After all, this was one of the top 108 valuables!

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The Five-Colored Aurora Lake was right above the mountain, and suddenly, thousands of auroras started to swirl like whirlpools.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Thousands of auroras dropped from the sky, each of them more than six thousand miles long and comprised of five colors. They dove like meteors and enveloped the mountain instantly—separating it from the outside world like an impossibly massive bead curtain.

The heirs felt an upwelling of emotions looking at the magnificent scene! Breathtaking! The thousands of auroras bore incredibly energy. Just a few of them was all it would take to kill a universe knight! It was, after all, the guarding true treasure of the first power of the universe, and also the most powerful true treasure in the universe.

The heirs continued to argue with one another.

“It’s mine!”

“The valuable is mine.”

The auroras shrouded the entire mountain, together with the heirs standing on the top and hillside. Suddenly, strong forces swept across them, teleporting them outside the veil.

“No, no! It’s mine!” The heirs from other races complained.

Outside the veil, the many onlookers speculated the implications of the scene.

“Who opened the valuable?”

“It has to be Blade River Emperor. I saw him land on the mountain.”

“There are lots of heirs on the mountain, and some are on the hillside. Perhaps it’s a valuable hidden at the hillside.”

They were engaged in a heated debate when they saw—Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!—one creature after another, large or small, covered with scales, transparent, or liquid alike, were kicked out by the Five-Colored Aurora Lake.

“Who triggered the valuable?”

“They’re all kicked out.”

“All of us?”

“It’s Blade River Emperor. He’s the only one still there.”

The heirs who got out grudgingly looked at each other, confirming that only Blade River Emperor was still there. Those watching from afar started to search for Blade River Emperor, but they couldn’t find him. They knew instantly that he was the one who had triggered the valuable.

Bark Mirror Emperor clenched his teeth and showed his fangs, watching furiously. But what could he do?

The heirs beside him looked at each other but didn’t dare to make a sound, as they knew that Bark Mirror Emperor was infuriated.

Bei Shan Knight looked at Bark Mirror Emperor afar and cursed him. “Imbecile. An idiotic, crazy, ferocious beast with no intelligence.”

Ferocious beasts were creatures in the universe with great power but limited intelligence.

Even though Luo Feng couldn’t see anything happening outside, he could guess what was happening. He smiled, feeling the mountain tremble under his feet.

“It’s me who gets the valuable.”

He had heard about the scene when a valuable within the land of valuables was triggered. Some of the supreme beings in the Ancestral God School had designed specific conditions for opening unlocking the valuables hidden there, and those conditions were managed by the Five-Colored Aurora Lake! It monitored everything it covered, and every move by the heirs was under careful surveillance.

For instance, when Luo Feng was assassinated and revived, he had the apparent aura of a sector lord. Five-Colored Aurora lake would then record information that he was a sector lord with clone technique, and the attributes were automatically collected and processed by the lake. Once the attributes matched the conditions of a certain valuable, it would reveal that valuable if a qualifying heir arrived at its location.

However, for the sake of confidentiality, it would blockade the area where the valuable was hidden to make sure that only the valuable contributor, the valuable opener, and the Five-Color Aurora Lake knew what the valuable was. When Seven Blade Emperor had gotten a valuable, nobody had known what valuable he had acquired.

There was only one object in the world ring. An ancient ship!

It was 75,000 miles long and 19,000 miles wide. Shining with silver light, the ship looked more like a seagoing warship than a spaceship.

“What is it?”

Luo Feng snuck his spiritual force into the ancient ship and merged a trace of spirit imprint into the ship. All of a sudden, a great amount of information flooded his mind, which amazed him.

Luo Feng reached out his hand.

Sou!

A flash of silver flight flew out and fell into his palm. It was an ancient ship the size of a glass marble.

“It is… It is the flying-palace type treasure!” Luo Feng’s eyes were blazing, and he gazed at the ancient ship with excitement. “It’s only a top-tier treasure, but it’s believed to be as precious as a true treasure. No wonder… It’s a flying-palace type, and there are definitely great beings willing to trade it with a true treasure.”

Luo Feng instantly knew everything about the ancient ship. It was called “Silver Dragon Phantom Ship,” and it was a top-tier treasure and functioned like Sky Wolf Palace. It would protect the user as long as he was inside the ship. Unless the enemy destroyed the ship, a material attack would be rendered almost useless, and a soul attack would also be significantly weakened. If Luo Feng had this ship when he was hunted by Bark Mirror Emperor, he couldn’t be hurt by Bark Mirror Emperor as long as he hid inside the ship, and he could get rid of Bark Mirror Emperor with the ship.

Similarly, Master of Sky Wolf had escaped the dreadful attack that came from entire burning Nine Remoteness Ocean with the help of his Sky Wolf Palace.

“Armor can only weaken a small portion of material attacks and soul attacks,” Luo Feng said, his eyes gleaming. “But this Silver Dragon Phantom Ship is enormous, and staying inside is like being protected by a huge fortress. It’s better even than the most expensive godly base of the automaton race.”

Though Silver Dragon Phantom Ship couldn’t change its direction flexibly, it was incredibly speedy running on a straight line and had mighty defending power.

“Haha! This is a top-tier treasure. Universe knights definitely won’t be able to destroy it. As for universe masters, even they might need to use significant energies to damage a top-tier treasure.” Luo Feng was overjoyed. Inside the Silver Dragon Phantom Ship, together with his Tower Pearl to protect his soul, once he became undying…

Luo Feng couldn’t help grinning.

Of course, a valuable needed adequate power to be utilized. Otherwise, it would be taken by a supreme being if the user couldn’t drive the ancient ship fast enough.

“I can use this Silver Dragon Phantom Ship once I become undying.” Luo Feng nodded. “When I become much stronger in the future and able to drive Star Tower, that will be my trump card. After that, this Silver Dragon Phantom Ship will be my vehicle only on the surface. Silver Dragon Phantom Ship sounds redundant… I’ll just call you ‘Galaxy.'”

Luo Feng named it after its aura of silver light, glimmering like the stars in the galaxy. Treasures all had their own original names, but most of them sounded redundant. Purple clock was one such example. Its original name was Demon Note Flame God Clock, but Luo Feng called it “purple clock” instead.

Galaxy, you’ll be my partner until I can drive Star Tower, Luo Feng thought, looking at the ancient ship in his hand.


Chapter 994: Valuables! Valuables!

It had been 500 years since Luo Feng came back from Nine Remoteness Space.

In the Land of Valuables of the Ancestral God School.

The end of the mountain range was not visible. Mountains stood shoulder-to-shoulder. Some of them were towering, and some were precipitous. There were lakes of all sizes between the mountains.

A fighter stood using his snake tail to wipe clean the rock behind him. “I haven’t seen a new valuable for a long time. They say there are countless valuables here. It wouldn’t make sense if valuables showed up all the time! No matter how many valuables there are, they will be gone in the end. It’s boring if the valuables don’t appear. Valuables coming into sight, that view is thrilling.”

Expectation flashed through the triangular eyes of the snake-tailed other race.

“I really hope that view is for me.”

“Haha…!” someone laughed all of a sudden. “You’ve been here tens of millions of times. Stop dreaming.”

“It’s Blade River Emperor,” said a nearby heir.

“Blade River Emperor’s here!” another replied.

“Blade River hasn’t shown up after coming back from Nine Remoteness Space. The first place he chose to land is in the Land of Valuables.”

“Where is he? Where is Blade River Emperor?”

Many heirs were looking in all directions, some even flew up in the sky, and soon, they all turned in the same direction. A silver-armored human youngster was flying directly to the tallest mountain in the Land of Valuables.

Luo Feng looked around and rejoiced in his heart. “Looks like I’m famous among the heirs of Ancestral God School.”

What made Luo Feng overjoyed was the progress he had made in the past 500 years, especially the maturing of his third body.

“It’ll take around 100 more years for my third body to mature, after which I can become undying. I need to come here before turning into an undying fighter.” Luo Feng glanced at the mountain range where there were innumerable valuables. “I’m a sector lord now. Perhaps some supreme beings prepared valuables for sector lord-level heirs. If I become undying, I won’t be able to take them anymore.”

Sou!

His first target was the tallest of the mountains. Each of the 108 mountains stored one of the most precious of 108 valuables, and only 42 of them had been acquired by heirs. The others were still waiting for the suitable heirs.

“Look, Blade River Emperor went to the tallest mountains.”

“It seems Blade River Emperor came here for valuables, too. He came here once before, and after confronting Bei Shan Knight, he left instantly without taking a proper tour around the Land of Valuables. I thought he wasn’t interested in this place. Finally, he came.”

“108 most precious valuables are equally distributed among the 108 tallest mountains in the Land of Valuables. And his first target is the tallest one. He’s ambitious.”

Among the great beings of other races standing afar, some were jealous of or even hostile against Luo Feng.

With a loud snort, a figure with golden hair and eyes walked out from the apex of a mountain. His back was slightly bent, giving him the appearance of an aggressive beast. Bark Mirror Emperor!

“Bark Mirror Emperor, do you think Blade River Emperor can get a valuable?” asked an heir.

“He’s targeting the highest mountain,” several heirs beside him said.

Bark Mirror Emperor smirked. “The valuables on the highest mountains have been here ever since the Ancestral God School was founded. Rumor has it that they were placed by one of the ancestral gods. A few sector lord-level special life forms throughout the history have tried, but none of them could get a valuable. As for Blade River Emperor, he’s so unqualified for the Land of Valuables.”

The heirs around him nodded.

“Bark Mirror Emperor,” came a voice from a towering figure.

Bark Mirror Emperor followed the direction of the voice and spotted Bei Shan Knight.

Bei Shan Knight glanced at Luo Feng afar first, then said, “Blade River Emperor has disappeared for so many years. And now, the first place he goes is the Land of Valuables. It seems he really wants a valuable. I think his efforts will be in vain.”

“Begone!” Bark Mirror Emperor suddenly shouted.

Bei Shan Knight’s eye went wide in surprise.

“Humph! Do you think you can be my ally just because both of us hold grudges against that Blade River Emperor? You damn one-eyed thing who bullied an undying heir from my Northern Territory Alliance! Get the hell away from me.”

Bark Mirror Emperor showed his fangs and stared at Bei Shan Knight coldly. Bei Shan Knight’s body trembled with anger. He was a universe knight who had heard that Bark Mirror Emperor was ruthless, greedy, and unapproachable, which was why he hadn’t approached him until now. Now that there was a feud between Bark Mirror Emperor and Blade River Emperor, he thought they could be closer because of their commonality.

He was willing to become friends with Bark Mirror Emperor, who was already his equal. Once Bark Mirror Emperor became a universe knight, he could become a universe overlord with some proper training very soon. But Bark Mirror Emperor clearly did not share this sentiment.

“Okay, okay,” said Bei Shan Knight, so furious that his face was twitching. “Bark Mirror Emperor, how ruthless you are.”

Bark Mirror Emperor clenched his teeth, snorted, and flew away. Bark Mirror Emperor simmered. “Just who does he think he is?”

The heirs around him gazed at each other with dismay. Heirs like Bark Mirror Emperor and Zhu Chong Emperor were so powerful that they didn’t need to respect universe knights! There were differences between universe knights. Those who were universe overlords could crush Bark Mirror Emperor without any problem.

Even Bark Mirror Emperor and Zhu Chong Emperor needed proper training to become universe overlords after becoming universe knights.

Without a doubt, these special life forms—whose life levels were thousands of times higher than ordinary life forms—had great potential to become universe overlords, which was why the top superpowers like the Northern Territory Alliance and the Ancestral God School all valued special life forms and even gave them true treasures.

Luo Feng didn’t see the confrontation between Bark Mirror Emperor and Bei Shan Knight. He landed on the tallest of the mountains.

“The tallest mountain means the most precious valuable,” he said. “Rumor has it that an ancestral god put the valuable here personally.”

Luo Feng stood on the top of the mountain and walked around, but nothing happened. The rule said the valuable would show itself if an heir was qualified and stood on the mountain.

If there was no change… Luo Feng was not qualified. He had failed!

The heirs standing afar began to gossip about what they had just seen. As for Bark Mirror Emperor, he had a rare smile on his face.

“It is 90 percent possible that Blade River Emperor is Luo Feng,” he muttered. “Luo Feng is True Yan’s disciple.”

Bark Mirror Emperor snorted and stared at Luo Feng. Although he had hunted Luo Feng before, he wasn’t quite as belligerent now as he had been. He had, after all, almost been killed by True Yan Knight! That encounter was the closest he had ever been to death!

Bark Mirror Emperor was infuriated! He hated True Yan Knight and swore that he would kill True Yan once he became a universe knight. Blade River Emperor was likely to be a disciple of True Yan, who went after him to avenge Blade River Emperor, which made Bark Mirror Emperor antagonistic against Blade River Emperor, too.

“True Yan. Blade River.” Bark Mirror said the two names in a low voice.

“Bark Mirror Emperor!” an heir called out. “Blade River Emperor failed again! This time, he went to the second tallest mountain, and he stopped by other mountains and lakes. Nothing happened!”

“He arrived at the second tallest mountain. Haha! Nothing happened at all.”

The heirs kept talking.

Bark Mirror Emperor smiled more and more broadly. He said, “It’s not that easy to get a valuable! The most precious 108 valuables here have been attracting heirs since the beginning of the universe, and only 42 of them have been taken. On average, the time elapsed between two valuables being taken is practically an eternity. The conditions are harsh.”

One mountain after another, one lake after another.

Luo Feng kept flying and landing, flying and landing…

Failed! Failed! Failed!

Luo Feng failed again and again, from the tallest mountain to the sixtieth tallest mountain. He also stopped by lots of other places along the route, which took him tens of hours. Meanwhile, undying fighters watched while drinking glasses of wine.

“It’s so difficult to open a valuable,” Luo Feng said.

However, he did not panic. He had come here, after all, simply to try. “It seems lots of other races hate me.”

Luo Feng flew to a canyon and glanced at the onlookers afar. In the past tens of hours, he had been watched. Most of the heirs were just watching him try for fun, while some were actually jealous or hostile toward him. In fact, most weren’t hostile toward Luo Feng personally; instead, they were hostile toward the whole human race. The human race was a peak race in the universe and had committed countless massacres in the universe. Other races wanted to kill them!

Humans were ruthless when it came to killing other races, and generation after generation, many races had learned to loathe humans.

“The peak races became peak races through killing! You can’t be a peak race if you’re merciful. You need resources to become a peak race, and you need to kill to get the resources!” This was what True Yan had told Luo Feng once when they were drinking together.

Presently, Luo Feng spotted some other races flying toward him, cursing the human race. However, Luo Feng just sneered.

Those who were not his kin were sure to be of a different heart. Everyone was fighting for their own race, and there was no right or wrong.

Humans needed to kill or enslave a plethora of animals to survive on earth. If humans were not pitiless enough, they might have been killed off by those other animals. The same rule applied.

Luo Feng had such a strong will that he disregarded all the curses. “This is the universe. The weak are the prey of the strong.”

Luo Feng arrived at the 106th tallest mountain. He didn’t have much hope by now. However, just as Luo Feng landed on the 106th tallest mountain…

Hong, long, long!

The entire mountain started to quiver, which attracted the attention of all the heirs present. Suddenly, hustle and bustle filled the Land of Valuables.


Chapter 995: Ancient Ship Galaxy

Luo Feng felt the mountain quivering right after he landed on its top, even before he moved. He was bewildered… Was this the sign that the treasure was opening?

The mountain kept trembling more and more fiercely.

The heirs who had been chatting casually or looking for treasures all shot up and looked toward the mountain Luo Feng stood on. Soon, the sky was filled with heirs from all races in every direction.

“The treasure!”

“The treasure will be opened.”

“He opened the treasure!”

Bark Mirror Emperor flew up too. “Impossible!” He opened his golden eyes wide and saw that there were seven heirs on the trembling mountain, including Luo Feng. “It has to be one of the other six heirs. It has to be!”

He hated Blade River Emperor from the bottom of his heart and was not willing to see him get the valuable. It was the 106th tallest mountain. Although it was only ranked 106th, it was still one of the top 108 valuables, and each was as valuable as a true treasure. Even the lower-ranked valuables were a match for most average true treasures.

Bark Mirror Emperor only had one ordinary true treasure and refused to believe that Blade River Emperor could also get one.

Unfortunately for Bark Mirror Emperor, that wasn’t his decision.

The other heirs standing on the mountain were thrilled.

“The valuable. It’s the valuable!”

“The mountain has started to tremble.”

“The treasure will be opened.”

“It’s me! I just touched this tree. I must have triggered it.”

“No, it’s me! I triggered the valuable!”

The heirs were all excited and nervous. Even though they all knew that the mountain had only trembled after Blade River Emperor landed on it, they still held out hope that it could be one of them. They wouldn’t give up, as long as there was even a slight trace of hope. After all, this was one of the top 108 valuables!

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The Five-Colored Aurora Lake was right above the mountain, and suddenly, thousands of auroras started to swirl like whirlpools.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Thousands of auroras dropped from the sky, each of them more than six thousand miles long and comprised of five colors. They dove like meteors and enveloped the mountain instantly—separating it from the outside world like an impossibly massive bead curtain.

The heirs felt an upwelling of emotions looking at the magnificent scene! Breathtaking! The thousands of auroras bore incredibly energy. Just a few of them was all it would take to kill a universe knight! It was, after all, the guarding true treasure of the first power of the universe, and also the most powerful true treasure in the universe.

The heirs continued to argue with one another.

“It’s mine!”

“The valuable is mine.”

The auroras shrouded the entire mountain, together with the heirs standing on the top and hillside. Suddenly, strong forces swept across them, teleporting them outside the veil.

“No, no! It’s mine!” The heirs from other races complained.

Outside the veil, the many onlookers speculated the implications of the scene.

“Who opened the valuable?”

“It has to be Blade River Emperor. I saw him land on the mountain.”

“There are lots of heirs on the mountain, and some are on the hillside. Perhaps it’s a valuable hidden at the hillside.”

They were engaged in a heated debate when they saw—Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!—one creature after another, large or small, covered with scales, transparent, or liquid alike, were kicked out by the Five-Colored Aurora Lake.

“Who triggered the valuable?”

“They’re all kicked out.”

“All of us?”

“It’s Blade River Emperor. He’s the only one still there.”

The heirs who got out grudgingly looked at each other, confirming that only Blade River Emperor was still there. Those watching from afar started to search for Blade River Emperor, but they couldn’t find him. They knew instantly that he was the one who had triggered the valuable.

Bark Mirror Emperor clenched his teeth and showed his fangs, watching furiously. But what could he do?

The heirs beside him looked at each other but didn’t dare to make a sound, as they knew that Bark Mirror Emperor was infuriated.

Bei Shan Knight looked at Bark Mirror Emperor afar and cursed him. “Imbecile. An idiotic, crazy, ferocious beast with no intelligence.”

Ferocious beasts were creatures in the universe with great power but limited intelligence.

Even though Luo Feng couldn’t see anything happening outside, he could guess what was happening. He smiled, feeling the mountain tremble under his feet.

“It’s me who gets the valuable.”

He had heard about the scene when a valuable within the land of valuables was triggered. Some of the supreme beings in the Ancestral God School had designed specific conditions for opening unlocking the valuables hidden there, and those conditions were managed by the Five-Colored Aurora Lake! It monitored everything it covered, and every move by the heirs was under careful surveillance.

For instance, when Luo Feng was assassinated and revived, he had the apparent aura of a sector lord. Five-Colored Aurora lake would then record information that he was a sector lord with clone technique, and the attributes were automatically collected and processed by the lake. Once the attributes matched the conditions of a certain valuable, it would reveal that valuable if a qualifying heir arrived at its location.

However, for the sake of confidentiality, it would blockade the area where the valuable was hidden to make sure that only the valuable contributor, the valuable opener, and the Five-Color Aurora Lake knew what the valuable was. When Seven Blade Emperor had gotten a valuable, nobody had known what valuable he had acquired.

There was only one object in the world ring. An ancient ship!

It was 75,000 miles long and 19,000 miles wide. Shining with silver light, the ship looked more like a seagoing warship than a spaceship.

“What is it?”

Luo Feng snuck his spiritual force into the ancient ship and merged a trace of spirit imprint into the ship. All of a sudden, a great amount of information flooded his mind, which amazed him.

Luo Feng reached out his hand.

Sou!

A flash of silver flight flew out and fell into his palm. It was an ancient ship the size of a glass marble.

“It is… It is the flying-palace type treasure!” Luo Feng’s eyes were blazing, and he gazed at the ancient ship with excitement. “It’s only a top-tier treasure, but it’s believed to be as precious as a true treasure. No wonder… It’s a flying-palace type, and there are definitely great beings willing to trade it with a true treasure.”

Luo Feng instantly knew everything about the ancient ship. It was called “Silver Dragon Phantom Ship,” and it was a top-tier treasure and functioned like Sky Wolf Palace. It would protect the user as long as he was inside the ship. Unless the enemy destroyed the ship, a material attack would be rendered almost useless, and a soul attack would also be significantly weakened. If Luo Feng had this ship when he was hunted by Bark Mirror Emperor, he couldn’t be hurt by Bark Mirror Emperor as long as he hid inside the ship, and he could get rid of Bark Mirror Emperor with the ship.

Similarly, Master of Sky Wolf had escaped the dreadful attack that came from entire burning Nine Remoteness Ocean with the help of his Sky Wolf Palace.

“Armor can only weaken a small portion of material attacks and soul attacks,” Luo Feng said, his eyes gleaming. “But this Silver Dragon Phantom Ship is enormous, and staying inside is like being protected by a huge fortress. It’s better even than the most expensive godly base of the automaton race.”

Though Silver Dragon Phantom Ship couldn’t change its direction flexibly, it was incredibly speedy running on a straight line and had mighty defending power.

“Haha! This is a top-tier treasure. Universe knights definitely won’t be able to destroy it. As for universe masters, even they might need to use significant energies to damage a top-tier treasure.” Luo Feng was overjoyed. Inside the Silver Dragon Phantom Ship, together with his Tower Pearl to protect his soul, once he became undying…

Luo Feng couldn’t help grinning.

Of course, a valuable needed adequate power to be utilized. Otherwise, it would be taken by a supreme being if the user couldn’t drive the ancient ship fast enough.

“I can use this Silver Dragon Phantom Ship once I become undying.” Luo Feng nodded. “When I become much stronger in the future and able to drive Star Tower, that will be my trump card. After that, this Silver Dragon Phantom Ship will be my vehicle only on the surface. Silver Dragon Phantom Ship sounds redundant… I’ll just call you ‘Galaxy.’”

Luo Feng named it after its aura of silver light, glimmering like the stars in the galaxy. Treasures all had their own original names, but most of them sounded redundant. Purple clock was one such example. Its original name was Demon Note Flame God Clock, but Luo Feng called it “purple clock” instead.

Galaxy, you’ll be my partner until I can drive Star Tower, Luo Feng thought, looking at the ancient ship in his hand.


Chapter 996: Inborn Beast God

Luo Feng waved his hands, and the Ancient Ship Galaxy merged into the skin of his arm.

“I got all my spaceships from the emperors, but I already feel that they’re inadequate. My original plan was to get a better spaceship after becoming undying, but this Ancient Ship Galaxy that can rival a true treasure is better than any spaceship built by humans or the automaton race.” Luo Feng was overjoyed.

Xiu!

A trace of shrinking aurora flew towards Luo Feng. This startled him, as the universe knight who had tried to assassinate him had been easily killed by the aurora. Luo Feng tried to dodge it, but the surrounding space seemed to be sealed, making it difficult for Luo Feng to move.

The aurora touched Luo Feng gently.

“Huh?” Luo Feng stood on the ground, dazed.

Hong!

The rocks that had begun to float when the treasure was revealed suddenly dropped back down into the hole, and the mountain reverted back to how it was originally. The thousands of auroras shrouding the mountain from sight shot up and flew back to the Five-Colored Aurora Lake.

The heirs watching the scene from afar were all guessing, but none of them could see anything.

“Look, Blade River Emperor seems to be stupefied.”

“Because he was amazed.”

“A defending true treasure?”

“An attacking true treasure?”

“A treasure to recover his godly body?”

Luo Feng glanced around, then teleported himself to a canyon in a remote part of the Land of Valuables.

It was silent in the canyon.

Luo Feng stayed there alone and whispered, “Wine Master?”

The moment the aurora touched his head, he received some information—a message from the valuable’s contributor to the future inheritor of the valuable. He heard a voice passing along the message.

“I don’t belong to any race, and I’ve been all alone since the beginning of the universe. The only friend I have is ‘Crane Knight,’ but Crane is blessed with good luck. I don’t know who I should give my valuables to that are no longer of any use to me. Since the Ancestral God School set up a land of valuables, I’ll leave this Silver Dragon Phantom Ship to my juniors. The conditions are: a sector lord who wins over 1,000 challenges and completes the third-level beast god inheritance. If you can satisfy those conditions, you’re a true talent of your time. Remember, it was Wine Master who gave you the valuable. Hahaha…”

It was a plain and simple message.

Luo Feng immediately realized that it was a universe master who had given him the valuable, but his title was a bit bizarre.

“Wine Master? Wine as his title?” Luo Feng was confused. He immediately connected to the virtual universe with his mind. Now that he had high access authority, he could search for lots of secrets in the universe.

In the virtual universe.

In front of the desk, Luo Feng looked at the laptop screen, searching for “Wine Master.”

Shua.

There was only a single entry.

“Hmm?” Luo Feng clicked it.

Wine Master: An inborn beast god, and a “Wind and Time” beast god. He was a unique life in the universe and was born to be a beast god. He called himself “Riding Wind.” He was obsessed with drinking, and thus, other supreme beings in the universe gave him the title “Wine.” He was one of the first beast gods of the Ancestral God School. Deceased.

“Ah!” Luo Feng was shocked by the message. This Wine Master was an inborn beast god!

There were inborn beast gods and learned beat gods. The latter were those who completed the comprehension of the beast god path and inherited the beast god position, and these were the ordinary beast gods. Yet there were some creatures who were innately universe masters at the beginning of the universe, and they themselves were the “beast god” manifestation of fusion laws.

“Deceased?”

The voice echoed in Luo Feng’s ears: “Remember, it was Wine Master who left you the valuable. Hahaha…”

“Such a supreme being, deceased.” Luo Feng couldn’t help but sigh.

An alcoholic inborn beast god. Luo Feng could imagine the scene— an inborn beast god carrying a huge wine jar, standing on the ancient ship.

“Alcoholic…” Luo Feng murmured. “Now that you left me a valuable, I’ll certainly pay you back if I have the opportunity. An inborn beast god, alcoholic, Wine Master, called himself Riding Wind…”

Luo Feng had a favorable impression of the fallen Wine Master even though he’d never seen him. Unfortunately, the inborn beast god had been born when the universe first came into being. Perhaps he was older than Primal Chaos City Leader and Gigantic Axe Founder.

He had been one of the earliest beast gods of the Ancestral God School, and he had fallen a long time ago.

Even the powerful universe masters can fall, Luo Feng thought. Like the universe supreme masters. If they’re willing to pay the price to kill a universe master, most of them can’t survive it, except those like Primal Chaos City Leader and Nine Remoteness Master, who have extraordinary skills.

Primal Chaos City Leader was invincible in the Primal Universe; Nine Remoteness Master was undefeatable in Nine Remoteness Ocean. Luo Feng rejoiced at the choice of his third body.

After lamenting the death of “Wine Master” in the remote cave in the Land of Valuables, he was soon found by other heirs. He was calm and frank, and he continued touring Land of Valuables. The bottom line for him was to tour the Land of Valuables thoroughly because he might obtain some other valuables.

Most of his will was practicing in the virtual universe, and thus searching for valuables didn’t consume much energy.

Half an hour after he obtained Ancient Ship Galaxy, a shadow flew towards him.

“Blade River, Blade River.”

Luo Feng lifted his head and saw Thousand Rain Emperor.

“Thousand Rain Emperor.” Luo Feng nodded with a smile.

“Congratulations!” Thousand Rain Emperor said excitedly. “I just entered the world of glory and heard that you got one of the 108 valuables. Congratulations!”

“It’s no big deal.” Luo Feng grinned. “Where are the others?”

“True Yan Knight has prepared a celebration meal for you,” Thousand Rain Emperor said. “Cha Man Emperor and the others are all there. True Yan Knight asked me to invite you. The knight said that getting one of the 108 valuables from the Ancestral God School will be remembered forever, so we need to formally celebrate your achievement. That’s why I was asked to invite you.”

Luo Feng was dazed, then smiled. Teacher True Yan had prepared a celebration meal.

“Well, I had planned to fly around for a bit longer.” Luo Feng looked at the Land of Valuables. “But it seems I’ll have to come another time.”

“Fly around? For what?” Thousand Rain Emperor was confused. “There’s nothing to fly around for! You’ve got a valuable, haven’t you?”

“Perhaps I can trigger a second valuable,” said Luo Feng.

“Impossible. As long as you open the first valuable, you can’t trigger a second one.” Thousand Rain Emperor said, “This has been the law ever since the Ancestral God School established Land of Valuables.”

“Eh…” Luo Feng blinked his eyes. Although he had asked Cha Man Emperor about the details of the land of valuables, he only knew the basics when the land of valuables was opened. He didn’t know whether he could open a second valuable.

“I wouldn’t lie to you,” Thousand Rain Emperor said. “Let’s go. Fortunately, you’ve only been here for a short while. If you wander around here much longer, many heirs from other races will figure out that you’re trying to trigger other valuables and will secretly laugh at you.

Luo Feng looked around. The heirs in the distance were still amazed by the opening of the valuable half an hour ago. After all, since the birth of the universe, only 42 of the 108 valuables had been opened —43 including the one opened today. The heirs were conversing with each other and only glanced at Luo Feng once in a while. Most of them looked envious or jealous. No one looked greedy except those great beings from races hostile to the human race.

Power and status should match valuables. A star traveler-level small fry getting a true treasure was like committing suicide. Even for a powerful sector lord like Luo Feng couldn’t make it public knowledge that he owned the true treasure Shi Wu Wing, given to him by Primal Chaos City Leader. Otherwise, he would be in trouble.

However, it was different for him now. Luo Feng had proven his capabilities by surviving Bark Mirror Emperor and Mud Swallowing Knight. Only a few would dare to try to take the valuables Luo Feng was carrying. After all, it was not worth risking lives for an unknown valuable.

“When I first stepped off Earth, I was so careful, as even a spaceship of the automaton race would bring me disaster.” Luo Feng shook his head and sighed. Now, he had several true treasures, but almost nobody dared to attack him.

Bark Mirror Emperor’s face twitched. He bared his fangs as he watched Luo Feng and Thousand Rain Emperor leave. The heirs standing beside him knew that Bark Mirror Emperor was furious.

“Damn it! Goddamn human.” Bark Mirror was exasperated. “This is pure luck! When the time comes, I’ll show you that power is everything. Next time, there’ll be no Nine Remoteness Whirlpool for you to hide in.”

He hated True Yan and Blade River Emperor. Now, he was full of grievances seeing Blade River Emperor obtaining one of the top 108 valuables.

“Bark Mirror Emperor,” a green-tongued creature said. “The reason this Blade River Emperor can kill emperor limits as a sector lord has to be the special power of the valuables he gained outside. However, with his power growing, the valuables become less useful. When he becomes undying, those valuables won’t be that helpful anymore. No matter what, he’s just a human with a low life level. He can in no way compare with special life forms like you and Zhu Chong Emperor when he becomes undying.”

“You’re right!” Bark Mirror Emperor’s eyes gleamed with satisfaction. “He’s just a human.”

Bark Mirror Emperor licked his fangs and looked in Luo Feng’s direction. “His life level is just so low. Could it be possible that he can be so forceful with his valuables forever? My life level is 1,000 times higher than him even if he becomes undying. Killing him will be as easy as destroying a star.”


Chapter 997: Life Gene Level

Bark Mirror Emperor was correct. Valuables couldn’t help someone forever! A powerful true treasure like Star Tower required amazingly great power to drive completely, which meant treasures without strength meant nothing. As for things like Fei Mo poison, they were useless in a fight at the universe knight level.

Even the golden armor Golden Horned Beast wore was destroyed completely under a strike from Bark Mirror Emperor’s burning godly body. Things like general armors, golden armors, and Fei Mo venom, which had helped Luo Feng a great deal, were either eliminated or significantly weakened.

After the celebration meal, Primal Chaos City Leader summoned Luo Feng.

At the apex of Thunder Island in the virtual universe, Primal Chaos City Leader was looking down at Thunder Island in the towering palace enveloped by boundless haze.

Luo Feng showed up and gave a salutation. “Teacher.”

Primal Chaos City Leader turned around and looked at Luo Feng with his brooding eyes. He smiled and said, “You got one of the 108 valuables?”

“Yes,” said Luo Feng. “It’s a top-tier flying-palace-typed treasure. It’s called Silver Dragon Phantom Ship.”

“Silver Dragon Phantom Ship?” He thought in silence for a while but couldn’t recall that valuable. He continued, “You’re lucky to have a flying-palace type because it’s rare and precious. Flying-palace-type top-tier treasures might be more highly desired by universe knights than the Shi Wu Wing I gave you.”

Luo Feng nodded, as he had thought that too.

“Who left it there?” Primal Chaos City Leader asked him.

“Wine Master,” Luo Feng said. “I’ve searched for him online, and know he was one of the earliest beast gods of the Ancestral God School.”

“Wine Master? Riding Wind?” Primal Chaos City Leader broke into laughter. “Now I know it! It’s his wine ship! That Wine Master was a very interesting universe master, and he was unbelievably powerful as an inborn beast god. Unfortunately, inborn beast gods are destined to be hunted, and that’s why…” Primal Chaos City Leader sulked.

Luo Feng was startled. Inborn beast gods were destined to be hunted? He couldn’t help recalling the ancient picture he had previously seen in Blood River World. There had been a supreme being fighting the beast god in Blood River World, and that beast god seemed to have fallen.

“Why were they hunted?” Luo Feng couldn’t help asking.

Primal Chaos City Leader glanced at Luo Feng and answered calmly, “Inborn beast gods are different from the learned ones. They were born out of the essence of the universe, which made them a natural valuable. Their scales, furs, and blood—every part of their bodies had amazing effects and were more precious than several thousand of or even 10,000 ordinary true treasures. Hunting an inborn beast god was a feast—a feast where lots of supreme beings joined.”

Luo Feng was shocked. Their bodies…?”

“Every part, for resources and for opportunities,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “There are many different ways to compete. Malice, and thus killings among different races in the universe were a form of competition! Yet the Ancestral God School, who claimed not to favor any faction or occupy any territory, practices a different type of competition. It may appear not to be involved in competition on the surface, but it has reached another level of it.”

Luo Feng nodded. As an old saying went in Hua Xia: Only by giving up the competition can a man find no competitors in the world.

Finding no competitors in the world required a great amount of power and influence. For instance, the Ancestral God School couldn’t reach a higher level of competition without its three ancestral gods and its neutrality policy. And that was how it could attract countless talent fighters from all the races in the universe through inheritance tokens. At the same time, other races were willing to send their talented fighters within their races to the Ancestral God School for training, as they knew the Ancestral God School didn’t compete—at least superficially.

That was how the Ancestral God School had become the number-one power in the universe.

“They’re all competing with each other.” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Ever since the first time an inborn beast god died, all the races in the universe knew the majestic functions of a dead inborn beast god. From then on, all the other inborn beast bods were hunted. No matter how powerful they are, unless they hide forever, they will fall under intensive attacks.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng. “Like the blood river crystals you’re using. Those came from an inborn beast god.”

Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat. The one who had died in Blood River World was indeed an inborn beast god.

“Remember, the weak are the prey of the strong.” Primal Chaos City Leader stared at Luo Feng, “That is the law of the strong. You are one of ‘another race’ to all the other races in the universe, and nobody will pity you. The only thing eternal is competition! The fight! All you must do is gain resources continuously to make yourself stronger. If you’re stronger, your race is stronger. The strength of a race is determined by the most senior group, and each member of that group is a pillar of the race. You’re quite likely to become a pillar of our human race.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Before you become undying, merge with that blood river crystal completely,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “It can help you improve your life gene level. You’re a black warrior. You’re likely to improve your life gene level to 100 times stronger than a universe ordinary life.”

“100 times?” Luo Feng asked.

The life gene level of his original earthling body was already 48 times stronger since Luo Feng started practicing the Nine Volume Manual. If he used the power of Blood River, it would hit 480 times! It was already a major universe special life form.

“100 times is the limit.” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Body, strength, and amplification—100 times is their limit. And it’s the same for soul amplification and life gene level… This is part of the universe’s rule, just as lightspeed is the fastest one can travel in the original universe.”

Luo Feng held his breath. Both body strength amplification and soul spirit amplification were extremely rare! Luo Feng only had 32 times soul amplification after receiving “Demon Note General inheritance,” which was soul spirit amplification technique. As for body strength amplification, Luo Feng hadn’t had such luck.

“The limit is 100 times?” Luo Feng murmured.

“That’s right. 100 times.”

However, his original earthling body was already 480 times stronger, and his Golden Horned Beast body was over 1,000 times stronger.

“Are there any other ways to improve the life gene level more than 100 times?” Luo Feng asked.

“Yes,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

“What is it?” asked Luo Feng.

“Soul transfer,” Primal Chaos City Leader answered. “You do soul transfer on a special organism, and once that’s completed, you’ll have the body of a special life, just with a different soul. Though some soul-related talent techniques will disappear, those body-related talent techniques and life gene levels can both be inherited. But it is difficult. First of all, undying fighters’ life imprints are merged with each of their cell fragments, and if you destroy their life imprints, you effectively destroy their entire godly body. That is why you can only do soul transfer on creatures beneath the undying level. Besides… If I’m a sector lord trying to do soul transfer on a universe-level special life form, it’ll be easier to defeat him than to transfer his soul. Even if you try to transfer his soul, my sector lord soul will be a huge burden to the body! And it will be crushed if the body can’t withhold it.”

Luo Feng nodded. He knew that souls and bodies had to match each other. For humans, in general, their bodies needed to be at level seven sector lord to hold level nine sector lord human souls. Otherwise, the bodies would be crushed.

“You need to find a special life form whose body can withhold your soul,” Primal Chaos City Leader explained, “but if his body is capable of doing that, it means that special life form is your match. And together with his talent techniques, chances are that you’ll be killed by him. Besides, sector lord-level special life forms hardly leave the secret region of the universe, and even if you can meet and defeat them, they’d rather self-destruct than have soul transfer done to them. In short… Doing soul transfer on special life forms is highly beneficial, but it’s difficult to succeed. Only a few have succeeded so far.”

“Are there any other ways?” Luo Feng asked.

“Those like you who have clone techniques can breed a special organism body,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Of course, the downside is that a special organism that can be bred is generally one of the weak ones.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Yes. He couldn’t breed a World Tree. He had Golden Horned Beast’s internal world. It swallowed a huge amount of metal to form a gigantic internal world, but it could only breed a body with a life level hundreds of times higher.

“In short, there are lots of ways to accomplish it, and it often needs special organisms,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Any other ways?” Luo Feng asked again.

“No, there are not!” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head. However, he hesitated and added, “Of course, there are hundreds of millions of races in the universe, and there are some supreme beings. Some secrets remained undiscovered. Perhaps there are some methods even I don’t know of. However, I can be sure of one thing. It’s a fair universe. Even if there are some secret, extraordinary methods, they’ll surely cost a lot.”

Luo Feng nodded. That was right. The Nine Volume Manual was created by the universe supreme master ‘Zuo Shan Ke,’ who devoted all his time and energy and created the invaluable Sky-Soul Crystal to bear it, and only after that could it be inherited. Even so, only one creature could obtain the information of the Nine Volume Manual. It could be seen how demanding the universe rule was.

Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “Don’t overthink it. 100 times was the limit. It’s already rare to be 100 times stronger. Lots of universe knights only improve their life gene level ten times. As for you, you’re a black warrior, and you’re already at ten times. You can improve it a great deal with ‘beast god blood’ in the future.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He also planned to merge with blood river crystals before becoming undying. Thus, his godly body could reach a supreme level after becoming undying.

“Go,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “If you need beast god blood, you can apply for the resource through the virtual universe company.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng gave a salutation and left.

In the palace of Primal Secret Region.

Mosha body sat with his legs crossed, and in the internal world, Golden Horned Beast started to merge blood river crystals again.


Chapter 998: 6,400 Times

Luo Feng had let Golden Horned Beast body merge with blood river crystals in the outer-region battlefield before, and he could merge with 165 blood river crystals! Back then, he had only completed the first volume of the Nine Volume Manual and hadn’t completely transformed his will, as he hadn’t completed the life-or-death inheritance in Star Tower.

“166, 167, 168…”

Golden Horned Beast sat there like a mountain. As for Luo Feng’s original earthling body, he sat on the Golden Horned Beast’s back with his legs crossed. As a space beast measuring over 600 miles long, he was like a towering mountain with a broad back. The original earthling body sitting on his back looked like he was in the middle of colossal, rolling plains.

Chi!

The original earthling body moved his wings and cut through the scales, creating a deep wound in Golden Horned Beast’s back. The original earthling body took out a triangular-prism-shaped blood crystal and tossed it into the gaping cut. Then another. And another.

Golden Horned Beast merged with each of the blood river crystals as they were thrown into its body. The process repeated itself over and over again.

“196, 197, 198…” Luo Feng said, tossing blood river crystals into the wound. He recalled the life-or-death inheritance last time—a life-or-death experience lasting more than 6,000 years. It had completely reshaped his will, and he had made great advancements in the 10,000 years since the last blood-river-crystal merging.

“200.”

After the 200th blood river crystal integrated into Golden Horned Beast’s back, the back started to flow with the blood river energies. The muscles, bones, and scales on it were transformed instantly. The back bulged, and the muscles twisted like pieces of rebar under enormous pressure.

The scales condensed and turned golden. There were bloody threads on the golden scales, and they constituted a terrific, roaring beast god. The mighty power! The magnificent power!

After completing the first five volumes of Nine Volume Manual— coupled with Golden Horned Beast’s life gene level being 10 times that of ordinary life forms—his life gene level had been improved 480 times! Now, under the blood river energies, his right claw hit the limit instantly. His back was improved 20 times, which was twice as powerful as the undriven body. The same thing happened to his right claw, and once it was driven, it was twice as powerful as the body before the blood river energies began to flow.

“Keep merging… Keep the balance and choose the left claw.”

The original earthling body stood on the boundless meadow, looking at the giant claws. The scales on the claws were cut, and blood was dripping down. Luo Feng threw in one blood river crystal after another.

“226, 227, 228…” The process continued. “281, 282… They have started to affect his will.”

The original earthling body frowned. After merging 282 blood river crystals, Golden Horned Beast’s mind was affected by the vicious energy.

“I can see how much I’ve improved based on the number of blood river crystals I’m able to merge with. My will was greatly enhanced.” Luo Feng didn’t change his facial expression at all,. The pain under the vicious attack and the blood river energies merging were nothing compared to the agony he’d had to endure when “Star Tower” integrated with his soul.

“299, 300!”

His right claw had also hit the limit.

Howl!

Golden Horned Beast roared with thrill. Meanwhile, he moved his front claws, and both his claws became sturdy. His scales turned shining gold. Two beast-god heads made of bloody threads roared on the golden scales. Golden Horned Beast could feel his power surge as he stepped on the image of the beast god.

I think he can still merge dozens more, thought Luo Feng. And to make it more beneficial, I need to merge it in different places.

Luo Feng made up his mind.

“10 more for each part of his body.”

Luo Feng was exhilarated every time one more crystal was merged, as this represented his power increasing. However, there was a limit to his power.

With his ultra-strong will, he was able to merge 380 blood river crystals. When he was trying to merge the 381st one, however, he couldn’t withhold it anymore. The energy surpassed his limits. Luo Feng screamed with agony and failed.

The right claw, the left claw, and the back had all merged with 100 blood river crystals. The tail, both of the back claws, the scaled-wing, and the upper back all merged with 10 blood river crystals while the head merged with 20. He had successfully merged with 380 crystals!

“The right claw, the left claw, and the back are all twice as powerful as before the blood river energies were integrated,” he said, gasping. “The other seven areas of my body also became twice as powerful. Which means it’s now more than 6,000 times stronger than that of a sector lord! My life gene level is more than 6,000 times stronger now —nearly 6500 times stronger, in fact.”

Ah-ooo!

Golden Horned Beast lifted his head and roared, feeling the blood river energies that had penetrated every part of his body. The genes changed instantly, together with the constitution.

The bones started to crack, and suddenly, Golden Horned Beast grew to twice its previous size. The scales became pale, especially the front claws and the back, which were the sturdiest parts of the body. Each scale was covered with bloody threads and formed one beast god picture after another. Some of them were simple while others were exquisite. The bloodline empowered Golden Horned Beast a great deal.

“It should be 6,400 times more powerful.”

The body had been 480 times stronger before the energies were driven. Now, it was 6400 times stronger now. Golden Horned Beast started to roar with excitement.

Ah-ooo! Ah-ooo! Ah-ooo! Ah-ooo! Ah-ooo!

“Haha…! 6,000 times! I’m 6,000 times stronger! Zhu Chong Emperor, as a special life form, is only 5,000 times! Bark Mirror Emperor’s life gene level is 2,000 times, and there are only a few in the universe can rival him. I’m even stronger than Zhu Chong Emperor!”

Luo Feng looked up at Golden Horned Beast with excitement. Magnificent! His life gene level was higher than the special life form Zhu Chong Emperor!

Luo Feng made a quick estimate. “Only the extraordinary have life gene levels higher than 5,000 times. Now, I am one of them. Based on the number of blood river crystals, I can put 100 on each part of my body, and there’ll be 1,000 of them. After which, my life gene level will be 10,000 times higher.”

10,000 times! Special life forms were generally thousands of times stronger, some as high as 10,000 times. For ordinary life forms, 100 times was the limit, and as for special life forms, 10,000 times was their limit.

After venting his excitement, Luo Feng smiled and said, “Golden Horned Beast body is indeed my trump card. With high life gene level and a body 600 miles long, it’ll take a long time to burn his godly body.”

Compared to humans, who grew barely over six feet tall, Golden Horned Beasts had much more godly power.

A high life gene level and an extremely large body—how incredible was that?

Expectation flashed in Luo Feng’s eyes. “Hmm… Now I’ll try blood river crystals on my original earthling body.”

The original earthling body was different from Golden Horned Beast. Golden Horned Beast had an enormous body, which required ten different parts to complete the merging, yet the original earthling body was far smaller than a single claw of the Golden Horned Beast. Thus, the original earthling body could only merge with 100 blood river crystals at most.

“My life gene level is six times stronger after finishing the second volume of the Nine Volume Manual,” said Luo Feng, “and I successfully merged with ten blood river crystals after that. Now I’ve finished the first five, and my life gene level is 48 times higher. I wonder how many crystals I can merge with.”

Without a doubt, his will could withhold the evil energy from 380 blood river crystals. As for the number of crystals his original earthling body could merge with, it depended on the life genes of the earthling.

“11th one.” Luo Feng scratched his palm and started to merge with blood river crystals.

One blood river crystal after another merged with the original earthling body, whose life gene level was 48 times stronger.

“61…” Luo Feng kept merging with blood river crystals.

“81, 82, 83—no! No…!”

Suddenly, Luo Feng could feel his muscles and bones being torn apart, and the blood river energies flowed back into the 83rd blood river crystal.

“82?” he said. “Only 82?”

Luo Feng was reluctant to believe it. The first time Golden Horned Beast merged with 100 blood river crystals, he hadn’t even practiced the Nine Volume Manual, and Golden Horned Beast’s life level was only ten times. On the contrary, the life gene level of Luo Feng’s original earthling body was 48 times stronger, but it couldn’t compare to Golden Horned Beast in the past.

Is it because blood river crystals are more suitable for Golden Horned Beast? Luo Feng thought.

Based on his observation, it was difficult for other life forms to merge with blood river crystals—including his original earthling body, who could only merge with 10 after finishing the first two volumes of the Nine Volume Manual—whereas it was always easy for the Golden Horned Beast to merge with them. Golden Horned Beast bodies could merge with blood river crystals at all times. The only thing that troubled Luo Feng was that his will was not able to withstand the evil energy.

Blood River Crystals come from the “gold and space” inborn beast god, thought Luo Feng. Golden Horned Beasts are the peak race of space beasts of the gold attribute, and they have “swallowing” power. Perhaps Golden Horned Beasts are designed for merging with blood river crystals.

“It’s demanding for a part of the life gene to merge with blood river crystals,” he muttered, “but Golden Horned Beasts are born able to withstand the process. As for the Nine Volume Manual, it will improve the life gene as a whole, simultaneously improving that part of my body. That must be why it’s easier for me to merge with blood river crystals.”

On the plain, the Golden Horned Beast lay with a human leaning against its enormous claw.

“What should I do?” Luo Feng said, leaning on the cold scales. “I can only merge with 82 blood river crystals. If I can merge with 100 crystals, my original earthling body would be 4,800 times. Although my original earthling body is small, it would have high combat power. Am I only able to merge my original earthling body with 100 blood river crystals after I finish the sixth volume of the Nine Volume Manual? No. Maybe…”

Luo Feng sat up abruptly.

“Beast god blood!”

He nodded and quickly used a portion of his mind to connect to the virtual universe.


Chapter 999: Third Body, Finished!

In front of the desk of Yu Xiang Mountain of the virtual universe.

Luo Feng read the information of “beast god blood” and frowned. “I can get a drop of beast god blood from 100 blood river crystals, but the process is complicated. I have to apply for it through the virtual universe company.”

A single drop of beast god blood merging with the body was equal to one blood river crystal merging with the body. That was why beast god blood was so highly sought-after. The typical limit was 100 blood river crystals. For beast god blood, it required 100 drops, which cost 10,000 blood river crystals.

This was the price one had to pay to lower the effect of the evil energy and to reduce the pain. After all, a human body that could merge with 10 blood river crystals might only be born once in many countless eras.

I wonder how much beast god blood I can apply for, Luo Feng thought. These precious resources are strictly managed. Lots of emperors have to wait for an auction to bid on it.

At the same time, Luo Feng was filled with his application.

After a short while, a fox-like girl with downy ears and soft purple hair appeared on the screen. She was likely a “Fox Human” of the human race.

“Greetings, Mr. Luo Feng,” she said.

“I need beast god blood,” Luo Feng said bluntly.

The fox girl paused to check something. “According to the quota,” she said, “you can have 50 drops of beast god blood for free.”

She flashed a lovely smile, but deep in her heart, she was shocked. Universe knights and universe masters weren’t qualified for free resources; on the contrary, they needed to trade for them through their contributions to the race. As for some emperors who deserved cultivation, they might receive some highly limited resources— perhaps 10 blood river crystals—but they couldn’t have a single drop of beast god blood. Her job was to receive the seniors of the race, and she had never seen anyone qualified for 50 drops of beast god blood for free.

No wonder he’s a peerless genius, thought the fox girl. Everyone says he’s Blade River Emperor, and if that’s the case, it’s not surprising.

“Give me 30,” Luo Feng said.

“Certainly,” said the fox girl. “Where shall it be delivered?”

“This is the address.”

Luo Feng typed his detailed address in the primal secret region. His residence was within Primal Chaos City Leader’s territory, at the core of the center of the primal secret region.

“In the primal secret region…” The fox girl smiled. “The 30 drops of blood will be delivered today.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded. He turned off the telecommunications. “For free, eh?” He smiled. “It seems my race has a quota of free resources for me. But until I apply for them, they won’t be given to me. 50 drops of beast god blood… I’ve heard it’s difficult to get that much even at an auction. However, my original earthling body is able to merge with 82 blood river crystals, and all I need are 18 drops of beast god blood. As for the Golden Horned Beast, he needs more than 600 blood river crystals, and beast god blood can’t do it all.”

His Golden Horned Beast body’s life gene level was already strengthened 6,000 times. When he became undying someday and owned an enormous amount of superior undying power, he would breed a powerful consciousness. That could help his will to some extent, just as a strong-bodied person had a staunch will, whereas a feeble person had a wavering will.

The strength of a soul served a supporting function. Universe masters, who had extensive godly power and had their souls integrated with the universe, had stronger wills than Luo Feng. Although they were relatively lucky, their godly power was the main reason for the powerful wills. It was impossible for an ordinary being to have a will that could rival a universe master.

The life gene level is already strengthened 6,000 times, thought Luo Feng. After that, the amplification will improve only slightly each time. There’s no need to rush it.

After only three hours, a servant delivered a space ring to the palace where Luo Feng lived. His beast god blood was in the ring.

“Go,” Luo Feng said.

“Yes,” the undying servant answered respectfully.

In the territory of Primal Chaos City Leader, even the delivery men were undying, and they needed to compete for those positions, as those without skills wouldn’t be admitted. After all, here they could see the great Primal Chaos City Leader from time to time! Usually, the disciples of Primal Chaos City Leader lived here.

Luo Feng went back to his internal world. He took a silver suitcase out of the space ring and opened it to find 30 transparent tubes inside. There was a drop of shiny golden light in each tube, emanating considerable energy. Luo Feng could practically hear the roaring of the beast god.

“Beast god blood.”

Luo Feng took out a tube, unplugged it and poured it on his left palm. It looked like pure, golden light, but he could see, within the light, that it was actually a golden liquid. Countless law engravings flowing within it.

The golden light dropped into his palm and penetrated the skin.

Pow!

Luo Feng’s body started to glimmer with golden light. The blood river energies in Luo Feng’s cells were already sturdy, and the drop of beast god blood merged with them easily without causing any reaction.

“Black warriors can please Primal Chaos City Leader teacher,” said Luo Feng. “He says merging with beast god blood is an easy task. Now that I can merge with 82 blood river crystals, I’m already way ahead of the limit of a black warrior.” Luo Feng smiled. “Absorbing the beast god blood is like drinking water to me.”

He took out another tube, opened it, and poured out the beast god blood.

One drop after another, the beast god blood merged with Luo Feng’s body. After a short while, all 18 drops of had successfully integrated with Luo Feng, which was an easier task than he had previously perceived it to be.

When Luo Feng tried the 19th drop of beast god blood, it only rolled on his palm and lay there without seeping in.

“That seems to be the limit,” Luo Feng said, nodding. “I’ve already hit the limit of blood river energies.” His eyes gleamed. “Now… drive the blood river energies!”

Hong!

An ancient force shot out from Luo Feng’s body. It suddenly felt as if energy from the origin of the entire universe was emanating from deep inside him. His body was heightened and strengthened, and indistinct scales formed on every inch of his skin. Countless threads wound across his body, and a giant image of a roaring beast god appeared on his chest—so detailed and realistic that it looked like an actual, bellowing beast god in all its exquisite detail. Golden halos pulsated outward, surrounding his body.

Luo Feng looked down at his chest. He had already taken off his armor as he wanted to feel the power touching his body. “How mighty this energy is…! Huh?” Luo Feng was stunned. “Wait. Something’s wrong. Only 3,000 times? How is that possible?”

Luo Feng was perplexed. Theoretically, once 100 blood river crystals were merged with the body, the body would be 100 times stronger. Golden Horned Beast’s right claw had been strengthened 100 times at the beginning, and it stopped growing after hitting the 10,000-times limit.

Luo Feng frowned. “I was originally 48 times stronger, but now that I’ve surpassed being strengthened 3,000 times, I’m only around 60 times stronger than before.”

The effect was weakened! The blood river energies that worked perfectly on the Golden Horned Beast were far less effective on the original earthling body!

Luo Feng considered the implications. Beast god blood might be useless for the special life forms in the universe. Like a unique life form of water category whose life gene level is already thousands of times stronger, the beast god blood won’t help that much. Beast god blood comes from an inborn beast god of “gold and space.” Is it possible that the beast god blood worked well in the beginning, but its effect will be weakened as time goes by?

He decided to let the matter drop. Regardless of the reason, it was now proven that the original earthling body reached a life gene level that was 3,000 times stronger after merging with the beast god blood, together with its 48-times-stronger base.

“I’ll just wait. My life gene level can be improved when I get another metal from the Nine Volume Manual.”

Luo Feng smiled and nodded. Although it hadn’t been the best possible outcome, he was still exhilarated that his life gene level had been improved 3000 times. That put it at the level of some top-tier special life forms in the universe.

Fortunately, I have the Nine Volume Manual, Luo Feng thought. Otherwise, I’d be like other life forms of the other races in the universe, who can only improve their life gene level to 100 times.

The Nine Volume Manual… It was his secret weapon. With it, Luo Feng could rival top-tier special life forms. Other things like blood river crystals were just icing on the cake.

Time passed. Since the original earthling body and Golden Horned Beast body had merged with blood river crystals, Luo Feng continued to train in seclusion. He didn’t do anything but spend time with his family.

After another century, his third body was about to be born.

In the internal world, Golden Horned Beast’s claws gripped the plain like pillars. He looked up at the sky. Mosha body stood on Golden Horned Beast’s back, gazing at the sky as well. There was a colossal, oval-shaped, golden egg floating in the sky.

The golden egg had been small when it first came into being, but it had grown larger and larger as time went by, and it was now more than 6,000 miles tall.

“Soon…” said Luo Feng. “It’ll soon be born.” Luo Feng pondered the result. “Will it be a whole sea?”

The life form in the oval golden egg would remain a mystery until it revealed itself.

Around eight hours later.

Cr—ack!

Dozens of hairline fractures appeared on the colossal, golden egg. Luo Feng and his three other bodies held their breath as they watched.

Pow!

All at once, the eggshell was completely crushed. In its place was a giant man in the sky, standing almost 6,000 miles tall. Its naked body cast a perfect, almost exotic figure, with sparkling skin and crystal-clear jades across its skin, and bloody threads flowing inside it.

Luo Feng’s original earthling body and his other bodies were all dazed by such a pleasant surprise.

“My… my third body,” said Luo Feng, “is flesh and blood!”


Chapter 1000: Talent Technique

Only the flesh and the blood type of living creature could practice the Nine Volume Manual. Luo Feng’s Mosha body was an energy type living creature, and thus, his power was significantly weaker than his original earthling body and Golden Horned Beast body, even after being injected with the essence from an original real treasure like the “space heart.”

Mosha body never surpassed the limit of increasing 100 times. It was destined for Mosha body to be far weaker when it came to strength. He was mainly useful for fleeing, hiding, and disguise. When it came to fighting, Luo Feng had to depend on his original body and the Golden Horned Beast body.

As for a body like Nine Remoteness Ocean, Luo Feng had chosen it because of the boundless ocean of godly power.

“Hahaha!” Luo Feng’s laughter swept across the internal world like a shockwave. “Well, this is a happy surprise! The third body can practice the Nine Volume Manual, which means he has unlimited potential. Perhaps he can someday be Nine Remoteness Master’s match. I’ll call my third body… Remote Ocean body.”

It was official. Luo Feng’s original body and three additional bodies had been determined. He had his original earthling body, his Golden Horned Beast body, his Mosha body, and his Remote Ocean body.

Luo Feng was filled with boundless pride. With his original earthling body and these three bodies, nothing would stop him from becoming one of the great beings in the universe!

“The seed has been planted,” he said. “It’ll be up to my efforts to decide whether I remain a weak sapling or grow into the sturdiest tree! I need to study into my Remote Ocean body first.”

Remote Ocean body looked exquisite—a giant body standing nearly 6,000 miles tall. Presently, he sat on the plain with his legs crossed like a giant sculpture.

“My strength is 300 times of that of a sector lord,” Remote Ocean body said in a deep voice. “My Remote Ocean body’s life gene level is 300 times while the sector lord level World Tree is around 1,000 times. That explains why I was able to successfully breed this Remote Ocean body but not the World Tree body. But it seems too large for a living being of 300 times life gene level…”

Generally speaking, the higher the life gene level, the larger the size. Of course, special organisms of the plant race and rock race had terrifically large bodies even if they had life gene levels that were hundreds of times. After all, even ordinary life forms like Cloud Contact Vines were already over one million miles tall. Life forms of the plant race had a natural size advantage.

“Remote Ocean body is a flesh and blood type living being. How can he be so large?”

Upon careful examination, Luo Feng realized Remote Ocean body had law energy flowing through his bones, muscles, vessels, and blood, and there was information hidden in the energy.

Luo Feng studied the information with his mind. “So, that’s the case…” Remote Ocean body whispered. “Even Primal Chaos City Leader doesn’t know what talent techniques Nine Remoteness Master has. He must have talent techniques, given that my Remote Ocean body has two talent techniques.”

The information contained within the colossal body shed light on some of the mysteries of Nine Remoteness World. Remote Ocean body had two talent techniques. The first one was “Transformed Ocean” and the second was “Creation.”

Transformed Ocean allowed Remote Ocean body to instantly turn into an ocean with a diameter of around 60,000 miles, and the time and space within it would be controlled by the ocean. The stronger Remote Ocean body got, the more control the body had over time and space. While he was still relatively weak, he could only affect time and space to a small extent, but when he became sufficiently strong, he would be like Nine Remoteness Master, whose grip on his Nine Remoteness Ocean had reached its limit. It was so powerful that no other universe masters even dared to enter Nine Remoteness Space.

The second talent technique was Creation. When the body became an ocean, its flesh and blood were all transformed into a Bloody Sea, after which his Creation talent could extract energies from the ocean and reorganize the life genes to create new life forms. He could even create a new race—if he was proficient with the talent—and the new lives would always submit to the master who had created them.

“Such powerful talent techniques…!” Remote Ocean body said in a deep voice. “No wonder the body is so enormous. He wouldn’t be able to turn into an ocean with a smaller body. Once he turns into an ocean, he can, in a way, control time and space around the ocean, which makes him significantly stronger.

This kind of incredible attacking skill was a bit like the “Manipulation of Time and Space” talent used by World Trees.

“As for Creation, it might be considered a mediocre skill, but this is likely how the indigenous race in Nine Remoteness World was created. Energy life forms are the easiest to create, as long as there are life cores.” Luo Feng nodded. “Although it’s a mediocre talent at present, it could be used to create an entire race completely obedient to me.

“Haha!” Remote Ocean body’s voice echoed through the internal world. “I’ve obtained everything I wanted—and even some things I didn’t expect! This Remote Ocean Body can affect the space and time around him, and he has a talent technique in space and time. Plus, it’s a flesh and blood type of living being.”

“Still,” muttered Luo Feng. “Why is the size of the Bloody Sea so bizarre? His talent technique says he can turn into an ocean with a diameter of around 60,000 miles, but that is much smaller than those of the princes and Nine Remoteness Master.”

Remote Ocean body frowned and considered the implications of its size. Sector lord princes had Bloody Seas with diameters of around 50 million miles. Undying princes had Royal Seas with diameters of around 600 million miles. Universe knight princes had Royal Seas with diameters from 20 billion to 60 billion miles.

Although Remote Ocean body possessed the Transformed Ocean talent, he could only turn into a sea with a diameter of around 60,000 miles, which was minuscule even by the standards of sector lord princes.

“Transformed Ocean!”

Remote Ocean performed his talent technique.

Hong! Long!

His flesh and bones suddenly melted, changing into a surging Bloody Sea in Luo Feng’s internal world. Luo Feng could feel his control on the Bloody Sea, but it was feeble; it was only at the sector lord level. However, he could sense time and space distinctly. Apparently, he had incredible talent in time and space.

“Larger,” said Luo Feng. “Larger… Grow larger!”

Luo Feng controlled the Bloody Sea with his mind, but no matter how hard he tried, the diameter remained at 60,000 miles, which couldn’t even match that of a sector lord prince.

The Bloody Sea churned in the sky while Mosha body and Golden Horned Beast stood on the plains, contemplating what they were seeing.

Luo Feng was perplexed. “Why…? Why is the volume of my transformed ocean so much smaller than that of the Nine Remoteness Master and the 108 princes?”

The Bloody Sea only had a diameter of only 60,000 miles. However, lots of unique life forms in the universe were 60,000 miles tall or long. As for creatures of the plant race and rock race, plenty of them were larger than that.

After he thought about it for a while, a thought occurred to Luo Feng.

“Something’s wrong,” he said. “Nine Remoteness Master and the 108 princes… They seem to be different from me somehow. My Transformed Ocean technique can transform my body into a Bloody Sea instantly, but it can also change it back to the original body, too.”

“However,” said Luo Feng, “those 108 Royal Seas and the Nine Remoteness Ocean haven’t changed or even moved for hundreds of millions of years!”

Nine Remoteness Ocean had a diameter of over 10 light years. For an eternity, the Nine Remoteness Ocean had remained in the Ancestral God Secret Region, and the seas of the 108 princes had remained at the center of Nine Remoteness World.

“Primal Chaos City Leader teacher said that Nine Remoteness Master will sometimes go out and fight,” said Luo Feng. “And if he dies, the Nine Remoteness Ocean will breed another Nine Remoteness Master. But how is that possible? Transformed Ocean and the original body can’t exist at the same time. If the original body were killed, he would fall forever. If the body can be born again… that can only mean that it’s not the original body that was killed.”

Luo Feng stroked his chin in deep thought. “There’s only one way Nine Remoteness Master can do this. He must have transformed his body into the ocean, then created an energy body using his Creation talent. The energy body can then be condensed again, even after being destroyed.”

Nine Remoteness Ocean has never moved, Luo Feng realized. And perhaps it’s not because he doesn’t want to move. Perhaps he can’t move at all. And that means… he never actually leaves Nine Remoteness Space. As vast as the Nine Remoteness Ocean is, it can never move.

Luo Feng quickly extrapolated from what he observed. Gradually, he saw the complete story.

Nine Remoteness master and his princes used some special methods to enlarge their oceans, thought Luo Feng. The tradeoff is that they can’t move the oceans freely anymore. Even though they can’t move the oceans, the volume gives them nearly boundless godly power, and thus, they become immortal.

Special organisms of the plant race and rock race also found it difficult to move. The larger the bodies were, the more difficult it was for them to move. For an enormous being like Nine Remoteness Ocean, it was unsurprising that he was unable to move at will.

“But how did they enlarge their oceans to such an extent?” Luo Feng muttered.

The Bloody Sea with a diameter of around 160,000 miles kept churning in the sky. What did he need to do to turn it into one with a diameter of 50 million miles? They were at completely different levels. A 50-million-mile ocean had much greater energy, and generally, even if someone became undying, their size did not change. That meant Remote Ocean body’s height would remain at 6,000 miles, and the Transformed Ocean would remain 60,000 miles. Yet the oceans of the undying and universe knight princes kept expanding. The largest of which was 60 billion miles.

“How did Nine Remoteness Master and his prince accomplish that?”


Chapter 1001: Creation!

The Bloody Sea churned above the extensive plains as Luo Feng attempted to enlarge its size, but all methods thus far had failed.

After three days of trying, Luo Feng finally admitted defeat.

“Remote Ocean body can’t absorb energies because there’s no room for further storage. The Bloody Sea has already hit its limit, and it can’t be expanded even an inch larger. Nine Remoteness Master, how did you enlarge the Remoteness Ocean?”

Luo Feng, clothed in black, gazed at the turbulent Bloody Sea and murmured to himself, “Why don’t you just ask Nine Remoteness Master?”

This was obviously a secret. When Nine Remoteness Master first came into being, he clearly didn’t have such an enormous Nine Remoteness Ocean. He must have figured out some special means so that even his princes could have enormous Royal Seas.

“I’ll try my second technique, Creation,” said Luo Feng. “The idea that I can create life is a great mystery.”

Luo Feng’s mind merged with the Bloody Sea. The moment he cast the second technique, he felt like he was entering a new domain. The air and the grass were all dissected beneath his gaze; it was like seeing through to the very nature of these life forms.

Luo Feng looked at the weeds on the plain. “Creation,” he said, and grass came into being. “Creation,” he said again, and a flower was born in the Bloody Sea. “Create Mosha body,” he said.

A moment passed, and Luo Feng realized that the Mosha body was too complex to be created instantly.

“Creating plants doesn’t give me any sense of accomplishment,” said Luo Feng. “I need to create moving lives. I must!”

After only a few moments, and Luo Feng was already addicted to the process of creation.

World energies could change plants and rivers, but Creation was something more than that. Creation could replicate the constitution of life by observation. Luo Feng presumed that replicating the constitution of life forms was the most basic skill, but those who were proficient—like Nine Remoteness Master—could create an entire species.

Creation was a magical thing. Although the process couldn’t improve one’s power directly, it would be majestic to create a species.

No wonder master Zuo Shan Ke can guide and lead an entire race, Luo Feng thought. But I’m different from him. I can create life forms with my talent technique, whereas Zuo Shan Ke guided an existing race and led that race to evolve under some special environments.

Luo Feng began to experiment. First, he put some small, weak life forms into his internal world. He quickly realized that the weaker the power was, the simpler the life gene constitution was. For those living beings that were too powerful, it was difficult to even see their constitution distinctly, let alone replicate it.

“Nine Remoteness Master became an ocean first, then created an energy body, and finally, created a race,” Luo Feng realized after experimenting with his new talent technique for half a month.

The constitution of complex life forms was impossibly intricate, making it exceedingly difficult to create a brand new race. Nine Remoteness Master must have expended a great degree of effort before learning how to create a mature race. His 108 princes must have been instructed to emulate him, but they had all failed, as they couldn’t conquer the obstacles. It required an astounding amount of energy to create even a single life form—not to mention a supreme race whose members had life imprints high enough to think intelligently, train themselves, and become sector lords once they matured.

No wonder sector lord princes can’t create new lives, thought Luo Feng. The more advanced the life forms are, the more energy it takes to create them. However… It’s easiest to create oneself.

Each drop of the Bloody Sea had come from Remote Ocean body, which was why the Bloody Sea water contained the life genes of Remote Ocean body. If he wanted to create another Remote Ocean body, he didn’t need any life constitution, as each drop of the water was comprised of such life constitution.

“Creation!”

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The Bloody Sea started to tremble, and a naked body appeared. It quickly disappeared, however, and its energy was absorbed back into the Bloody Sea.

“Creation!”

Another 300-foot-tall body showed up and disappeared.

“Creation!”

Another body appeared. This one was only three feet in height. It, too, quickly disappeared.

“Creation!”

Luo Feng kept trying. After much trial and error, he found out that the largest body he could create was 600 miles tall, which was a smaller version of Remote Ocean body.

“Something’s wrong,” said Luo Feng. “Remote Ocean body has a life gene level 300 times greater. Why does the newly created Remote Ocean body only have a life gene level of 30 times?”

Luo Feng realized the problem. The new Remote Ocean body was only 600 miles tall—just one-tenth the original height. His life gene level was only 30 times greater, which was also one-tenth of the original version.

“There are some flaws in ‘Creation.’” He laughed. “But maybe this is how it’s supposed to be.”

There was a vast difference between the talent technique Creation and the evolution of the universe. Even if he could replicate the body’s constitution completely, the duplicate was still inferior, as it didn’t have any talent techniques and had significantly lower life gene level.

“It would go against the laws of the universe for a Bloody Sea to be able to create a new Remote Ocean body as powerful as the original.”

After some time, he realized that each time he created a new Remote Ocean body, it consumed nearly one-tenth of his energies, and the volume of the Bloody Sea shrunk. Each body was being immediately absorbed into the ocean was because the Bloody Sea was reabsorbing the energies to recover its size.

“When the Bloody Sea is complete, it can’t absorb any energies,” said Luo Feng, “but it can when it suffers some losses.”

Luo Feng got an idea.

“Absorb! Absorb!”

Hong!

The world energies flooded into the Bloody Sea. After just a short while, the Bloody Sea finished and regained its original size.

“The Bloody Sea has fully recovered, but the new Remote Ocean body is still right beside it,” said Luo Feng. “They draw energies from the same origin. Now… melt!”

The new Remote Ocean body fell into the Bloody Sea and melted into the water. The energies merged with the original sea, and the volume surged. The Bloody Sea was enlarged, pressing outward against the space around it. The space and time controlled by the Bloody Sea were also expanded.

“Haha! So, this is how it works!” said Luo Feng, overjoyed. “Create a new Remote Ocean body, wait for the Bloody Sea recover, then melt the new Remote Ocean body back into water, thus combining it with the original Bloody Sea!”

“Creation!” commanded Luo Feng. “Recover!”

Luo Feng went through the process repeatedly. Each time, the Bloody Sea could absorb more energy.

“Melt! Condense!”

The Bloody Sea was enlarged again.

It expanded ten times in succession.

“Turn back,” said Luo Feng.

But when he tried to turn the ocean back into the original body, it failed. The ocean was bloated with energy. It was like an overweight, middle-aged man—too plump from years of overeating to run and jump as he had in his trimmer years! The Bloody Sea was simply too large to turn back into its original body.

“No wonder Nine Remoteness Master can always be revived no matter how many times he dies,” said Luo Feng. “It’s because those that die are actually the bodies created by the ocean. The original body is Nine Remoteness Ocean itself.”

Now that Luo Feng understood the secret completely, he started to laugh. The His echoed across the Bloody Sea.

“Dissipate! Dissipate!”

The sea resolved into world energies and dispersed. Instantly, the world energies that had been added due to his experimentation vanished.

“Turn back,” he commanded.

A Remote Ocean original body standing at a height of almost 6,000 miles showed up again. It was the same original body with a life gene level of 300 times greater.

When Nine Remoteness Master obtained an immortal body, his combat power must have been weakened at the same time, thought Luo Feng. After all, he relies on his created bodies to fight outside. You gain some, you lose some… It would take an eternity for Nine Remoteness Ocean to reach its current size. It must have expanded stably for a long time. It would be impossible for Nine Remoteness master to dissipate his godly power and turn into a being with a diameter of 6,000 miles.

Luo Feng now understood why Nine Remoteness Master was invincible. He was already a universe master, and he continuously stored godly power so as to expand Nine Remoteness Ocean. As a result, Nine Remoteness Ocean now had a diameter of over 10 light years.

It seemed his quantitative changes had led to qualitative changes. The Nine Remoteness Ocean could already rival the most powerful true treasure in the universe, and the only downside was that it was immovable.

“I’ve already figured out the secret behind this,” said Luo Feng. He was exhilarated. “But I don’t need to expand the ocean yet. There’s one more vital thing… Remote Ocean body needs to practice the Nine Volume Manual!”

Luo Feng had been looking forward to this.

Remote Ocean body had a life gene level 300 times greater, and finishing the first five volumes of Nine Volume Manual could improve a being’s life gene level 48 times. Once Remote Ocean body started to practice, he could theoretically hit 14,400 times. However, based on Luo Feng’s knowledge, even the special life forms of the universe only had life gene levels of a few thousand times greater.

“10,000 times greater,” said Luo Feng. “That seems to be the limit of the life gene level of special life forms. I’ll personally discover the true limit of a life gene level in the universe!”

Luo Feng felt inspired. If the limit truly was 10,000 times, Remote Ocean body could hit that limit with Nine Volume Manual. However, if the limit was more than 10,000 times, Remote Ocean body would step into a new, previously unknown realm. How could Luo Feng not be excited about the possibilities?

Luo Feng looked forward to this, but the overall premise was that Remote Ocean body first needed to practice the Nine Volume Manual.

“Although he’s a special life form, he is a flesh and blood type of living being. He must be able to practice it.”

Luo Feng thought so, anyway. He was, however, a bit afraid of the limitations of the universe law. After all, his original earthling body and his Golden Horned Beast body were both ordinary life forms, yet they both had life gene level thousands of times greater after practicing Nine Volume Manual. This time… Remote Ocean body would target the legendary limit!

“Begin!”

Remote Ocean body sat down on the plain with his legs crossed and started to practice Nine Volume Manual.


Chapter 1002: Change after 500 Years

Remote Ocean body would be a great combat power if he could practice the Nine Volume Manual. If he couldn’t, then he could only focus on training and godly power support.

“It worked!” Remote Ocean body suddenly laughed. “My life gene level was improved after practicing the Nine Volume Manual. How magical it is! No wonder Zuo Shan Ke is one of the universe supreme masters.”

Luo Feng admired his mysterious teacher more. He felt intimidated by the top-tier beings of the universe. If Zuo Shan Ke was able to create the Nine Volume Manual, what about other supreme masters?

I’m nothing compared to them, thought Luo Feng. I must train myself and catch up to them. As for any other issues, I’ll wait until I become their rival.

Luo Feng stopped thinking and went back to practice. He only knew that he was not powerful enough yet! He was indeed lucky to have figured out a way to expand the Bloody Sea created by Remote Ocean body—and luckier still that Remote Ocean body was able to practice the Nine Volume Manual.

Although Remote Ocean body could practice the Nine Volume Manual, it would take him a long time to finish the first five volumes. He was even bigger than Golden Horned Beast body, meaning it would take a longer time for him to evolve. Even though Luo Feng was fully experienced, it would take the new body 100 years to finish the first volume.

While Remote Ocean body practiced the Nine Volume Manual, the other bodies studied into space law, Star Map, and Moon Policy. 100 years passed like the blink of an eye.

Remote Ocean body opened his eyes gradually after sitting there like a sculpture, and whispered, “I’ve finished the first volume. My life gene level is now 900 times stronger!”

From 300 times to 900 times… The first volume had improved his life gene level threefold! And all that from only the first volume!

Luo Feng was further amazed. No wonder this technique was restricted by the universe law so that Zuo Shan Ke couldn’t pass it on to any other life forms. He could only pass it on to one living being with the help of Heavenly Soul Crystals.

“I can’t wait!” said Luo Feng. “If I can improve the life gene level from 300 times to 900 times so easily, then next time it’ll be 1,800 times. Continue!”

Remote Ocean body closed his eyes and started the second volume.

It was magnificent to feel his improvement every second. After the second volume was finished, Remote Ocean body’s life gene level hit 1,800 times, as expected. And when the third volume was finished, he reached 3,600 times.

All the best-case scenarios were coming true.

In the primal region, among the Thousand Treasure River, in the palace at the apex.

Six universe knights sat with their legs crossed, listening to Primal Chaos City Leader’s teaching.

“Luo Feng told me that it would take him around 600 years to finish breeding his third body and that he would become undying after finishing the third body,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “But it’s been almost 1,000 years… Why isn’t anything happening?”

Primal Chaos City Leader looked afar and saw a palace in the distance. Inside the palace, the original earthling body sat cross-legged with Tian Chen Emperor guarding him.

“Luo Feng is incredibly lucky that he’s got several true treasures,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Maybe something special happened to him again, and that’s why there’s a delay. I’ll leave him alone to fix it.”

Primal Chaos City Leader kept teaching the six universe knights sitting in the palace. He decided to put the problem out of his mind. He was quite satisfied with Luo Feng. And after all, Luo Feng was full of surprises.

Time passed. It had been over 1,000 years since Luo Feng had first started to breed his third body, and he had spent that time studying space law and creating secret techniques. He had made satisfactory accomplishments on both ends, and he had been advancing slowly and steadily on the Nine Volume Manual. He finished one volume about every century.

After practicing it for 400 years, Remote Ocean body finished the fourth volume. His life gene level doubled again, hitting 7,200 times stronger!

“A life gene level of 7,200 times!”

Remote Ocean body sat with his legs crossed. His eyes gleamed like stars. He felt the power rushing through his entire body. His life gene level had been only 300 times before—nothing but mediocre. Now, his life level was already 7,200 times stronger, which was far superior to Zhu Chong Emperor.

“Perhaps this is the life gene level of Nine Remoteness Master,” Remote Ocean body murmured. “Go on! The fifth volume!”

The original earthling body, Mosha body, and Golden Horned Beast body all opened their eyes and looked forward to the crucial fifth volume.

Remote Ocean body’s life gene level gradually improved.

7,200 times…

7,300, 7,400…

8,000, 8100…

9,000, 9100…

“I’ve already passed 9000 times!” said Luo Feng in astonishment.

He even stopped comprehending space law, dedicating the majority of his mind to Remote Ocean body, as he didn’t dare to be careless in this matter. After his life gene level passed 9,000 times, his rate of evolution slowed down considerably.

9,500 times…

9,600…

Remote Ocean body’s life gene level had already surpassed that of many extraordinary special life forms. Even many unique life forms couldn’t improve themselves past 9,000 times.

At 9,600 times, it became exceedingly difficult to advance any further. It appeared that his life gene level could only be enhanced a bit more. Finally, he was nearing the threshold.

“10,000!”

And with that, its life gene level had reached the final stage.

“My life gene level is 10,000 times now!” Remote Ocean body exclaimed, feeling the power flowing inside of him. But as he continued practicing, he realized this wasn’t the final stage after all. “It seems I haven’t reached my limit yet. I can improve even further.”

After surpassing 10,000 times, his life gene level could still be enhanced, but it was a slow, grueling process. Finally, the life gene level stopped improving altogether.

Luo Feng gazed upon the fruits of his labor. Each inch of Remote Ocean body’s skin, muscles, and bones were as immaculate as the universe itself. Its life gene level had attained the height of perfection. As incredible as the Nine Volume Manual was, not even it could improve such a flawless life gene level. Luo Feng could see the constitution of each individual cell. Even on a microscopic level, Remote Ocean body was perfect in every way.

“Perfect… Sheer perfection!” said Luo Feng. “Remote Ocean body’s life gene level surpassed 10,000 times. It’s now slightly over 10,000 times…!”

Remote Ocean began absorbing the surrounding world energy.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

As Remote Ocean body was absorbed the energy, it kept growing taller, multiplying in size.

Luo Feng was exhilarated. Neither the Golden Horned Beast body nor his original earthling body had increased in size from practicing the Nine Volume Manual. However, just as Remote Ocean body had achieved perfection… he started to grow!

Remote Ocean body devoured the surrounding world energy. Although he had perfect life genes, he was only at the sector lord level; Luo Feng could support the world energies he required to grow.

He grew from 6,000 miles tall to 12,000 miles tall.

Then 18,000 miles tall.

Then 25,000 miles tall… And he just kept getting larger. Only after Remote Ocean body reached a height of 55,000 miles did he stop growing.

“Perfect,” said Luo Feng. For some reason, he felt certain that this was Remote Ocean body’s ideal state.

Just when Remote Ocean body stopped growing…

Hong!

The entire internal world was frozen.

Mosha body was dazed. Golden Horned Beast body kept his head lifted up. The weeds were flattened by the wind, and the sea stopped churning. The water drops were floating. The Bug Clan Queen and her bug army all froze.

The original earthling body stood still. The core—the most important part of Luo Feng—was injected with a most mysterious power. Breeding the third body had caused his core to start to morph, but when this mystical power entered the core, it changed sharply.

The color was changing. Red, green, blue, yellow, and gold… In the end, it turned blurry. This seemingly ordinary core now contained endless enigmas. This mysterious force penetrated the internal world when infusing the core. The force was irresistible. It was as warm and inviting as a mother’s hug—appeasing all the living beings of the universe. It was not overbearing, but it was much stronger than that of Primal Chaos City Leader and even Zuo Shan Ke!

When the energy poured into Luo Feng’s body, entering the core and the internal world, neither Chaos City Leader nor the universe knights being taught noticed it. It was the time and space protected by Thousand Treasure River and controlled by Primal Chaos City Leader! Yet, in this time and space, even the Primal Chaos City Leader couldn’t feel that force.

That mysterious and inconceivable force changed Luo Feng’s core while enveloping Remote Ocean body.

Gradually, Luo Feng opened his eyes.

“Where am I?” Luo Feng said.

He looked around, confused. A multitude of lights floated around him. Each one contained extraordinary power. Every one of them was more terrifying than Master of Sky Wolf.

“I… I just trained Remote Ocean body to a perfect state, and its size surged nine times,” said Luo Feng. “And now, my mind came here…?”


Chapter 1003: I Am the Universe

Luo Feng quickly realized that the place he had been taken to was probably one of the most mysterious places—if not the most mysterious place—in an already exceedingly enigmatic universe.

Luo Feng looked around. “Universe masters are already the pinnacle beings in the universe. Who could possibly be able to harness my mind and bring it here, removing me from the territory of Primal Chaos City Leader, without being noticed? Perhaps… Only the universe itself could do this.”

The light spots were floating, but they were all dodging Luo Feng. Luo Feng was bewildered.

Each of these light spots is even more powerful than Master of Sky Wolf. What are they?

Suddenly, one light spot turned into a flash of light, shooting toward Luo Feng.

Xiu!

The spot traveled much faster than lightspeed—as if lightspeed was not the speed limit in this space and time. Before Luo Feng could so much as begin to run away, the light spot hit his mind.

Hong!

Images flooded Luo Feng’s mind, whizzing by in quick succession. Luo Feng saw the birth of the universe, the birth of every life form living in the universe, and their destruction. The scenes were overwhelming, and they left his mind, forgotten, about as soon as they entered. It was impossible to remember it all; an infinity’s worth of information merged with his mind.

Peng!

Luo Feng’s mind was kicked out of that space and time.

In the human territory of the universe, primal region, within the domain of Thousand-Treasure River.

Primal Chaos City Leader didn’t even notice what happened. Although he could control this region of time and space, his control was nothing compared to the will of the universe itself. If the universe wanted to punish a particular universe master, it could strip him of his control over time and space.

The operation of universe laws was beyond the awareness of Primal Chaos City Leader.

Within Luo Feng’s palace, his original earthling body, sitting with his legs crossed, opened its eyes.

“Um…”

Confusion flashed in Luo Feng’s eyes, followed by shock. Bug clan queen and the bug clan warriors regained consciousness, but they had no idea what had just happened… Only Luo Feng knew that time and space had been momentarily frozen.

Luo Feng immediately examined all of his bodies. Remote Ocean body was still over 55,000 miles tall with a life gene level barely over 10,000 times.

“Nothing on my body has changed,” he said. “My original earthling body, the Golden Horned Beast body, the Mosha body, and the Remote Ocean body all are the same. Except… No. Something’s different.”

Luo Feng instantly noticed the core in the world ring. The core had turned blurry and indistinct, as if endless space and time were contained within it.

“What… What happened to my core?” Luo Feng was astounded. He had never witnessed or heard of anything like this before. “My mind has been bestowed with information containing an incredible talent technique. The core has changed drastically as well.”

Everything happened after my Remote Ocean body reached its ideal state, he thought. The life gene level of my Remote Ocean body had just passed 10,000 times, but it hasn’t hit 10,100 yet. Is it at… 10,081 times?

“So, the perfect life gene is 10,081 times of that of an ordinary life form?” Luo Feng extrapolated. He shook his head, deciding not to think about that for now. He started to examine the core again. “My mind was instructed in an incredible talent technique. The change in my core should be beneficial.”

Luo Feng recalled the technique he had just obtained. He had forgotten everything about the birth and transformation of the universe, but he could distinctly remember the casting method of a set of talent techniques. He didn’t know the details, nor how the set of talent techniques was created. However, the method for performing the technique was sculpted in his mind.

A set of talent techniques bestowed upon me for no reason… It must be a gift from the universe.

“Is it a gift given to me for reaching the perfect life gene level?” Luo Feng speculated.

Talent techniques were generally scripted on the skin or on the life core in the form of law engravings. However, the techniques Luo Feng had been bestowed with this time were scripted directly in his mind.

Talent technique: I Am the Universe!

This technique was extremely powerful. When it was performed, godly power was burned and transformed into a micro-universe, allowing the user to trap his enemies inside the universe. Inside the micro-universe, the enemies’ power was significantly weakened, whereas Luo Feng’s own power surged within it. If he chose to self-destruct, the enemies would be annihilated instantly!

This talent technique required an overwhelming amount of power. According to the instructions, the prerequisite for performing “I Am the Universe” was having a Remote Ocean body with a perfect life gene level. In addition, Remote Ocean body needed to be undying before he could perform it.

An undying Remote Ocean body, with 30-times amplification of the undying body, and the body needed to be burned—these were the basic requirements for casting “I Am the Universe.” Every time it was cast, it would last for at least nine seconds. By Luo Feng’s calculations, Remote Ocean body would be completely burned out after only performing it just ten times.

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “Unbelievable! Incredible! But I love it!”

An undying Remote Ocean body was even stronger than Zhu Chong Emperor, yet the amplification needed to be 30 times or more! And burning his godly power? Even in normal combat, Luo Feng was superior to quite a few universe knights. This new technique would consume one-tenth of his more than 55,000-mile long godly body! A technique that would devour ten percent of his godly body must have been incredibly powerful. Luo Feng could hardly imagine such a thing. It was inconceivable!

For what it’s worth, it’s extraordinary, Luo Feng thought. Remote Ocean body is stronger than many universe knights’ godly bodies, and many universe knights are only several dozen feet tall, which means most of them aren’t able to perform this technique. Only those with enormous bodies can perform it.

Luo Feng knew nothing of the secrets behind I Am the Universe. Fortunately, the method for performing it had been seared into his mind.

“What am I supposed to do?” Luo Feng was baffled. “If I turn Remote Ocean body into a sea again, the sea will keep expanding. The new Remote Ocean body would be inferior both in size and in life gene level, which means I wouldn’t be able to perform I Am the Universe after becoming undying. Golden Horned Beast body’s life gene level can advance again after becoming undying, and he could almost reach 10,000 times. However, he’s only around 600 miles long, so his body won’t be able to support that technique.”

Luo Feng was nervous. Even a large godly body like Golden Horned Beast wasn’t enough when performing I Am the Universe.

Unless, that is, Golden Horned Beast body can also gain a perfect life gene level and expand his body, Luo Feng thought. Otherwise, I could only lure enemies into the boundless Remote Ocean and let him perform the technique, but that means the boundless Remote Ocean would not be able to move.

Luo Feng was faced with a choice. Should he turn Remote Ocean body into a sea? If he did, his power would be weakened outside the boundless Remote Ocean. Plus, the only way he would be able to perform I Am the Universe would be if he was lucky enough for his Golden Horned Beast body to also reach the perfect life gene level. On the other hand, if he chose not to turn into a sea, he would have terrific combat power. His Remote Ocean body, which stood over 55,000 miles tall, would be able to roam the universe. The downside was that his godly power would be consumed quickly, and it would be tricky to supplement the power.

Luo Feng pondered the possibilities for a couple of minutes.

“I chose this body to be immortal,” said Luo Feng. “If I don’t perform Transformed Ocean, I sacrifice that opportunity. Instead, I’ll gain incredible combat power… But even inborn beast gods with immense combat power can still die. Survival is more important than power. As long as I can stay alive, anything is possible. Golden Horned Beast body can also be much stronger someday. Even if I can’t perform I Am the Universe when I become undying, I can certainly perform it when I become a universe knight.”

Luo Feng had made up his mind. “There’s no need to rush! Besides, the boundless Remote Ocean can still perform it when it becomes undying.”

Later, the 55,000-mile-tall Remote Ocean body stood high in the sky.

“Transformed Ocean!” Remote Ocean body growled.

This would be the last time he existed in his original Remote Ocean body form. From now on, he would take the form of a sea—the boundless Remote Ocean. Even Remote Ocean body went out to fight, it would do so in the form of a body that was significantly weaker than the original.

Hong! Long! Long!

The Remote Ocean body dissipated immediately. Churning, crimson waves appeared in the sky, forming a Bloody Sea with a diameter of almost 600,000 miles.

“Talent technique, Creation!”

A Remote Ocean body that was more than 5,500 miles tall, with a life gene level of 1,000 times, appeared.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

World energy flooded into the Bloody Sea. The sea immediately recovered the energy lost by the body. The stunted body then merged with the Bloody Sea, and it expanded again.

The Bloody Sea expanded so fiercely and quickly that the universe crystals Luo Feng took from his servant were gone.

Undying fighters didn’t carry adequate universe crystals, but universe crystals were fairly cheap. After all, the universe crystals used to build a giant world ring were only worth one or two mixed elements. Luo Feng went to buy more.

“I’ll have one million mixed elements worth of universe crystals,” said Luo Feng.

“One million worth… Are you sure? A million’s worth of universe crystals, Mr. Luo Feng?”

“Yes. Deliver them as soon as possible.”

“Right away, Mr. Luo Feng. They will be delivered soon.”

Luo Feng purchased universe crystals recklessly and threw them in his internal world. The Bloody Sea kept expanding. It soon surpassed the limit of 50 million miles.

55,000 miles…

60 million miles…

It kept expanding even as the internal world shrank.


Chapter 1004: Luo Feng’s World

Hong! Long! Long!

The waves were tumbling, and Luo Feng’s internal world became a Bloody Sea completely. Most of the land was devoured. The only land left was an island with a diameter of about 600,000 miles at the center of the Bloody Sea. At the center of the island was a “Dual World Pool” where the Golden Horned Beast digested everything after performing Swallow. At its center was the Golden Horn World Stone. Apart from the island, the internal world—which had a diameter of almost 60 million miles—was filled with a boundless Bloody Sea.

Hong! Long!

The bloody waves were halved, and a huge figure wearing black armor with red trim walked out on the waves. It was the newly created Remote Ocean body, standing at a height of more than 5,500 miles with a life gene level of 1,000 times.

“This is not good,” Remote Ocean body murmured. The bloody waves were like springs, and he stood on top of them, riding them up and down. The entire internal world was within his sight. “The internal world has been completely flooded aside from the Dual World Pool, yet the Bloody Sea is still expanding. If the internal world keeps expanding, my core might not be able to withstand it.”

Most of Luo Feng’s consciousness left the Remote Ocean body and returned to the core. He started to study it carefully.

“Wait…” he said. “My core seems to have changed completely.”

Indeed, the core had taken on a strange, blurry appearance after the majestic transformation, and it now seemed to be holding the 60-million-mile internal world with ease.

Normally, the larger an internal world became, the greater the burden it put on the core. For instance, if someone used the move “Swallowing Metal” to enlarge his internal world, he needed to use gold energies to strengthen his core. Only then could he have an enormous internal world.

For some reason, my core doesn’t feel pressured at all, thought Luo Feng. Does it mean the internal world can keep expanding? It’s worth a try.

Up in the sky above Luo Feng’s boundless Bloody Sea, tons of universe-crystal mountains appeared. One of them melted instantly. World energy beyond measure spread out and merged with the internal world. Until now, the Bloody Sea had been absorbing all the energy, but to make sure the Bloody Sea could keep expanding, the internal world needed more energy.

The internal world devoured the world energies like a starving child.

Hong-long! Hong-long!

The world trembled. The Bloody Sea kept growing and growing.

Atop the waves, Remote Ocean body guffawed. “Larger! My internal world can indeed grow larger! Fantastic. But the best way for the internal world to grow larger is for it to swallow metal instead of using universe crystals!”

The purest gold essence that the internal world could not absorb was concentrated on the Golden Horned World Stone and would enhance the core, strengthening it so that it could carry a larger internal world.

Once nearly every 1,000 years, the four pinnacle races would engage in war with one another, each time resulting in a tremendous amount of scrap metal left behind. Those remains could be reused if they were refined. Unfortunately, it was expensive to refine the remains, rendering them almost worthless. When it came to E-level alloy remains, they were always pricey.

“I’ll have 100 million mixed elements worth of scrap metal,” said Luo Feng.

“Mr. Luo Feng, the amount of material you require is lower than the quota of free items for you,” came the response. “They’re all free.”

Luo Feng grinned. An intact E-level spaceship worth 100 million mixed elements was gigantic, yet the equivalent was being given to him for free. This made scrap metal much more cost-effective than using universe crystals to expand his internal world—especially if they were being given to him for free!

The Golden Horned Beast went into a world ring with a diameter of more than 60,000 miles containing vast quantities of remains.

Howl!

Golden Horned Beast enlarged his body using “Deities of the World.” He then opened his mouth and performed the talent technique “Swallow.” The body opened its ocean-sized mouth, contorting the space within almost 60,000 miles.

Hu! Hu! Hu!

Countless metal alloy remains flooded into his mouth as if swallowed in a vast abyss. The Dual World Pool digested all the metals, and a golden mist permeated, absorbed into the internal world. The internal world started to expand crazily! The gold essence that couldn’t be ingested by the internal world was absorbed by the Golden Horned World Sone.

Strangely, the core wasn’t changed by the internal world as it expanded. It seemed that swallowing metals wasn’t beneficial to the core at all.

“Weird,” said Luo Feng. “My core has been morphing ever since I swallowed the metal to enlarge my internal world when I became a ninth-level sector lord. Is it saturated?”

Even with the help of the Nine Volume Manual, the original Remote Ocean body couldn’t improve its life gene level after hitting 10,081 times. Was this also the case for the core? Was swallowing metal no longer useful because it had already reached its peak level?

Doesn’t matter, thought Luo Feng. I’ll just let him swallow all the metal. He will be exhausted, but it will strengthen my Golden Horned World Stone. Generally, strong Golden Horned Beasts have internal worlds with diameters of 60 million miles, and Golden Horned World Stones are treasured by universe knights. As for mine…

Only a few unique life forms could reach a life gene level of 10,081 times… Luo Feng wasn’t sure if he was the only one or not. However, given how incredible the Nine Volume Manual was, Luo Feng reckoned that even if one individual among the Golden Horned Beasts was as powerful as his, he would have been cultivated by a universe supreme master.

“Swallow the metal,” Luo Feng commanded. “Time to see how powerful my Golden Horned World Stone can become.”

The amount of alloy remains Luo Feng needed shocked even the seniors responsible for Rubbish Starfield. He bought them in a world ring, and they had hardly ever seen anyone consuming scrap metal remains so fast.

“It’s still not enough,” Luo Feng realized. “My internal world already has a diameter of more than 60 million miles, and it still hasn’t hit its limit.”

Luo Feng was completely stunned. He didn’t realize that his internal world was so enormous.

“Give me more alloy remains,” he said.

Luo Feng didn’t take no for an answer.

“The larger my internal world is, the more stable and more powerful my future godly kingdom will be.” Luo Feng looked forward to the results. “When will my internal world stop expanding?”

Under normal circumstances, a world ring with a diameter of 60 million miles would only consume universe crystals worth several mixed elements. The reason why they were so cheap was that sector lords could resonate with the land of origin, priming unlimited universe energy and aggregating it into universe crystals. The price went down because they were easy to make.

A world with a diameter of 6 billion miles would only consume 1 million mixed elements worth of universe crystals. A world with a diameter of 600 billion miles would only consume 1 trillion mixed elements worth of universe crystals. Luo Feng used alloy remains, which cost significantly less. However, he still used tens of billions of mixed elements’ worth of alloy remains. The amount was within his quota. Besides, Luo Feng didn’t care much about the money; any random treasure he had was worth at least 10 trillion mixed elements.

The internal world continued swallowing world energy and expanding for more than three months. Golden Horned Beast only rested for a total of one hour a day for those three months—six naps a day for ten minutes each. He used Swallow continuously when he was awake, and the alloy remains kept being devoured.

“The diameter is 600 billion miles now!” said Luo Feng. “It has finally hit the limit!”

On top of the bloody waves, Mosha body, Golden Horned Beast body, and Remote Ocean body all gazed out at the internal world in shock. This was inconceivable! A Golden Horned Beast would normally only have an internal world with a diameter of 60,000 miles. This one was now 600 billion miles in diameter.

“What on earth happened to my core that it can carry such a vast internal world?” Luo Feng wondered aloud.

He was thrilled. He was aware that his core had evolved drastically after his mind gained the talent technique known as “I Am the Universe.”

Mosha body, Golden Horned Beast body, and Remote Ocean body all flew to the sky above Dual World Pool and looked down.

Weng!

Two flashes of light shot out from the Dual World Pool, causing ripples in the surrounding space. Although the Golden Horned World Stone was hidden in the Dual World Pool, it emitted a golden glow. Forming an internal world with a diameter of 600 billion miles had cost an outrageous amount of scrap metal, and the gold energy essence brought special changes to the Golden Horned World Stone.

My Golden Horned World Stone might be the most powerful one in the history of the universe, Luo Feng thought. It might be one of a kind. Normally, Golden Horned World Stones are the precious possessions of universe knights. My Golden Horned World Stone is one trillion times stronger than average. It must be unique and highly valuable.”

Luo Feng could sense that this Golden Horned World Stone would be marvelous, but he wasn’t able to see it yet.

“My internal world has reached its limit!” he said. “Golden Horned World Stone has also reached its limit! Haha! An internal world with a diameter of 600 billion miles… Bloody Sea… Show me how large you can expand!”

Luo Feng continued to expand the Bloody Sea. Tons of universe crystals were delivered into the internal world, and the Bloody Sea grew with unstoppable force.


Chapter 1005: Laws Are Finished – Become Undying

One mountain of universe crystals after another was delivered into the internal world, fueling the speed of the expansion of the Bloody Sea.

As all the godly power contained a life imprint, losing godly power was equal to losing part of one’s soul, which was exceedingly difficult to recover. It was easy for sector-lord-level Bloody Seas to expand and recover, as long as there were adequate energies!

After a month…

“The Bloody Sea has finally stopped expanding, but its size is within my expectations,” said Luo Feng.

The towering Remote Ocean body stood on top of the bloody waves and looked at the boundless Bloody Sea. The crests of the crimson waves tumbled, and a bloody essence pervaded the entire internal world.

Remote Ocean body laughed loudly; the laughter sounded like thunder. “The diameter is 6 billion miles, which is already bigger than all the Bloody Seas and small Royal Seas in Nine Remoteness Space. The difference between a life gene level of 10,081 times and 300 times is indeed impressive.”

Sector princes only had Bloody Seas with a diameter of 50 million miles, and even the Royal Seas of the undying princes only had a diameter of merely 600 million miles. By contrast, the Royal Seas of the universe knight princes had diameters of 20 billion miles at least. The difference was due to the gap in life gene level. That was why Luo Feng’s Bloody Sea was so enormous.

“The Bloody Sea has finished expanding!” said Luo Feng. “The third move of my Star Map will soon become a pinnacle technique! As long as I can fully comprehend ‘gold law,’ I can break the shackles on the core, connect the law ocean, transform my godly power… and become undying.”

Luo Feng ordered the waiters in his palace to prepare a feast and invited his servants, including Tian Chen Emperor and Ji Hong Emperor, to join in the meal with him.

“After the feast, I’ll be devoted to studying gold law and trying to comprehend it. I will become undying after that!” Luo Feng laughed.

Honed Heart Emperor smiled. “Our master’s law comprehension has already reached the undying level, and he won more than 620,000 battles on the Bauhinia Island, where there were all kinds of talented heirs. Apparently, even when compared to the emperors of other races, our master is exceptionally strong. Master, you will surely become undying easily.”

“If you can’t succeed, who can?” Tian Chen Emperor added.

“We’ll congratulate our master beforehand, for he will become undying soon.” All the servants raised their glasses. “How wonderful!”

Luo Feng raised his glass as well. “Success in a single stroke,” he said. “Time to become undying.” Luo Feng drank up.

It was extremely difficult for some life forms to become undying. The Bug Clan Queens and the Cloud Contact Vines, for example, only became undying after their law comprehension could rival that of an emperor. Other beings like Golden Horned Beasts also needed deeper law comprehension to break through because of the shackles on their cores.

As for Luo Feng, his law comprehension was already at the undying level! And his beast god conception was at the 21st level of the Heavenly Bridge! His will was stronger than most universe knights, and his spiritual force amplification was 32 times!

Powerful will! Beast God Conception! Spiritual Force Amplification! Self-created pinnacle techniques! These attributes formed a powerful combination.

“I’m already as strong as an invincible emperor,” said Luo Feng. “It’ll be no problem for me to become undying in one stroke.”

Luo Feng looked forward to it. Perhaps the pinnacle techniques he had created were slightly inferior to invincible emperors, but his will and beast god conception were superior to theirs.

“There’s no way I can’t have my breakthrough! I’ll study and try to comprehend the gold law.”

Luo Feng had stopped studying gold law a long time ago, as he was on the edge of fully comprehending it. Once he fully comprehended gold law, he would become undying, and there was no going back. He would have broken through before he had finished his third body.

Gold law, thought Luo Feng as he sat down in his palace with his legs crossed.

Tian Chen Emperor and Ji Hong Emperor both waited behind him.

While half of Luo Feng’s mind was comprehending gold law, and the other half was creating and perfecting the third move of Star Map. His law comprehension was almost at the same level as that of universe knights, and studying gold law was like a graduate student studying elementary school subjects. But even grad students were susceptible to careless mistakes. He needed to study it carefully.

In the most towering palace of Thousand Treasures River.

Primal Chaos City Leader stood on the top floor of the towering palace, leaning against the handrail. The territory within Thousand Treasures River was entirely within his sight. He gazed at Luo Feng’s palace.

“It’s been 1,500 years since he came back from Nine Remoteness Space, and he’s been creating the third move for his pinnacle technique ever since,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Why hasn’t he become undying now that his move has become a pinnacle technique? Is he still comprehending gold low? Although it’s difficult to make a breakthrough at the last step, his law comprehension is extremely thorough. He’s must be able to finish it.”

Primal Chaos City Leader was perplexed. This disciple of his had already completed his third body, and his law comprehension had already reached the pinnacle undying level. Why was he delaying?

Luo Feng had been studying the gold law in his palace for 300 years when he opened his eyes and smiled. “So, this is gold!” he said.

A sense of completion filled his heart—a sense of satisfaction of fully comprehending a universe law.

Hong!

A connection suddenly linked Luo Feng and the gold law ocean of the land of origin. Boundless amounts of force were transferred from the gold law ocean. The core inside Luo Feng’s body was originally an origin pearl, but it upon absorbing the energy from the gold law ocean, it took on human form—a shape that looked like Luo Feng! The law comprehension is completed, and the origin has gained its shape, thought Luo Feng. The core is broken, and undying power fueled it. The soul and the body now merge.

These were the basic steps to become undying. The core became a space all its own. When the origin pearl turned into the shape of Luo Feng, Luo Feng waved his hands, and the energies became crystal balls. Complex law engravings were etched on each of the 1,600 crystal balls. Warriors and spiritual force leaders alike relied on origin pearls to become undying.

As for the spiritual force weapons they used after the origin pearls took shape, they transformed from the energies.

Howl!

1,600 crystal balls made up the bone structure of a beast god after being connected by countless law threads. Each scale on the beast god acquired exquisite details.

“Beast god conception! Spiritual force amplification! All the consciousness and mind! Break the shackles! Become undying! Break! Break! Break!”

All of Luo Feng’s bodies had fallen asleep, and all his mind focused on the breakthrough. With the help of the gold law force from the universe, Luo Feng reached his limit. Inside the core, the beast god roared and bashed against the periphery of the core with his outrageous conception.

At this moment, the beast god looked like a ball of flame. It hit the inner wall of the core like a burning star.

Hong!

The third move of Star Map: “Star and Fire Soaring Sky!” It was based on the bone structure of the Golden Horned Beast. All the attacking power passed along the bones, and then the Golden Horned Beast would ram the enemies with its head. Perhaps the move was not as swift as the first and the second move, but it was far mightier.

Hong!

The internal wall of the core started to tremble. The core started to crack.

Ka—crack…! Hu!

The cracks on the core started to blur.

Suddenly, all the cracks disappeared. The core remained intact. Just as Luo Feng used the most powerful attack, the force from the land of origin dissipated.

“How was it possible?” Luo Feng roared. “Break!”

Hong!

The Golden Horned Beast hit the internal wall of the core like a fireball, steaming energy surrounding him.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

The Golden Horned Beast bashed the core time and time again. Each time, there were cracks after the crash, but the core recovered automatically.

Peng!

After more than ten crashes, the beast god crumbled, and the crystal pearls were all crushed.

Luo Feng stood in the dark space, dumbfounded.

“How is this possible…?” he muttered. “Why can’t I become undying? I—I have a will that is stronger than most universe knights! Beast god conception! Spiritual force amplification! Pinnacle techniques! I have all of them! My will and my beast god conception are especially powerful! I can’t even break the shackles on my core with all these combined? Why?”

Luo Feng just couldn’t accept this. With his will, beast god conception, spiritual force amplification, and pinnacle techniques all at the same level as invincible emperors, he had thought that becoming undying would be a piece of cake for him. A sector lord who could rival an invincible emperor in every way couldn’t become undying? This… This was inconceivable!

Even though it was difficult for him to break the shackles, he was already high-achieving at all aspects and was second only to universe knights.

Every bite and every sip are preordained, thought Luo Feng. Every bite and every sip are preordained… Fortune and misfortune are neighbors.

Luo Feng sat in the space of the core, shook his head and sighed. He had obtained the Nine Volume Manual, and his Remote Ocean body had reached the pinnacle life gene level. What’s more, he had been bestowed a set of talent techniques by the universe. His core was so sturdy that his internal world had expanded to a diameter of 600 billion miles, and his Bloody Sea now had a diameter of over six billion miles. Everything was so wonderful…

Little did Luo Feng realize while he was thrilled by the power of his core, he wouldn’t be able to break its shackles!

“How can I become undying?” Luo Feng murmured. He smirked. “I’ve never doubted for a second that I can make my breakthrough and become undying. I never expected that even at this level I still wouldn’t be able to break the shackles.”


Chapter 1006: Ultimate Techniques

Luo Feng opened his eyes. Tian Chen Emperor and Ji Hong Emperor screamed, “Master!”

“Master, are you going to become undying?” Tian Chen Emperor asked.

Luo Feng waved his hands. “Get out.”

“Yes, master.”

Tian Chen Emperor and Ji Hong Emperor were a bit confused. They hadn’t expected Luo Feng to fail at becoming undying. After all, in their eyes, it would be the biggest joke in the history of the universe if even Luo Feng couldn’t become undying!

Alone in the silent palace, Luo Feng walked up the stairs of the side palace to the top floor. He leaned against the handrail and looked at the Thousand Treasures River.

“I’ve never given up,” said Luo Feng. “Not since the first day I stepped outside my home city on Earth!” His eyes gleamed. “Even if the shackles on my core are outstandingly powerful, that won’t stop me from becoming undying.”

Treasures won’t help me break the shackles, thought Luo Feng. I need to rely on my law comprehension, techniques, spiritual force amplification, and willpower! It’s difficult to improve my willpower in the short term. Same with my spiritual force amplification. As for my beast god conception and law comprehension, they’re already the best among anyone beneath the level of universe knight.

“Only secret techniques can help me advance sharply!” he realized.

Luo Feng thought about this.

Among the heirs on Bauhinia Island, there are heirs who eventually created ultimate techniques after devoting time to their techniques. For instance, my teacher True Yan Knight spent hundreds of millions of years studying his talent technique, and it’s now almost at the ultimate level.

True Yan Knight didn’t even have the advantages Luo Feng had. After all, he didn’t have the instructions of Primal Chaos City Leader.

“I can accomplish what they accomplished! I’ll create my ultimate techniques! And they will improve my power dozens of times! I don’t believe I won’t be able to make it!” Luo Feng pursed his lips, and his eyes glinted fiercely. “And if I still can’t do it, I’ll sharpen my willpower and improve my beast god conception. No matter what… I’ll only accept success. No failure allowed!”

Luo Feng tightened his grip on the handrail so hard that it bent beneath his fingers. He turned around and went back into his palace while the handrail gradually recovered… There was memory metal inside the handrail.

Though Luo Feng would spend time with his family and learn about how his family had prospered, most of his mind was devoted to studying the talent technique even when he was with his family.

This time, Luo Feng didn’t study into the blade technique. Instead, he concentrated on Star Map.

100 years passed. 200 years… 900 years, 1,000 years. Time flew. After 3,000 years, inside the training field of the virtual universe…

“Fall,” said Luo Feng.

He stood at the apex of the remains, pointing at a distant rock life form. 1,600 crystal balls were connected, forming the tail of a beast god. Countless law threads became entangled and formed a beast god. The tail was surreally tangible, while the other parts of the body appeared blurry and indistinct.

Howl!

After a growl, the beast god rushed at the rock life.

Hong! Long! Long!

Superheated fire burst out of the rock life, but a phantom of countless raindrops was waiting for him. The beast god moved swiftly. His tail moved 100 times faster than his body. His tail left a blur behind it like raindrops, filling the space and time around him. The raindrops appeared harmless, but the rock life form roared with anger and fear as the illuminated raindrops penetrated every inch of its body.

Peng!

The rock life trembled and was annihilated.

Hit the Light-Racing Star, thought Luo Feng. The starlight spread all over the universe.

“The first move is completed.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Luo Feng,” said a voice.

A shadow in a golden cape appeared, flying toward him from afar. It was Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng saluted him.

Primal Chaos City Leader looked a little confused. “For the past 3,000 years, you’ve been studying the first move of your Star Map, and now, you’ve finally made the first move ultimate technique level… But why did you spend so much time creating techniques? You could’ve made your breakthrough and become undying already.”

“I’m not powerful enough,” Luo Feng said respectfully.

Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head and smiled, thinking Luo Feng was being too modest. “You’re full of humility,” he said. “Tell me, when do you want to become undying?”

“After making my first three moves ultimate-level,” Luo Feng answered.

“The first three moves?” Primal Chaos City Leader was startled. It was very challenging to create ultimate techniques. Otherwise, more individuals would have come up with them. Few had achieved this even on Bauhinia Island, where hundreds of millions of peerless talents lived.

The first move was based on the first-level beast god inheritance, and it was self-explanatory. The second move was based on the second-level beast god inheritance and was far more difficult. As for the third move, it was exceedingly strenuous.

Luo Feng was creating these ultimate techniques from an advantageous position. His horizons were broad, and his law comprehension was deep. Together with step-by-step instructions from Primal Chaos City Leader, he could create the first ultimate technique in 3,000 years.

“How long will it take?” Primal Chaos City Leader asked.

“As long as is required,” Luo Feng answered respectfully.

Primal Chaos City Leader was a bit surprised. From his perspective, Luo Feng’s fame only would make him hurry to become undying.

“Okay,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “I’m in no rush. Sector lords and the land of origin in the universe have clearer connections, and you’re more suitable to create appropriate techniques at this level. However, even if I’m instructing you and setting competitors for you, you’ll soon realize that you’re incapable of defending yourself against those competitors. It’ll be up to you to decide how to make the breakthrough.”

“I know,” Luo Feng said deferentially. “Teacher, I shall appreciate your instruction forever.”

“Then suit yourself,” said Primal Chaos City Leader, and he stopped advising him on the matter.

As a supreme being who had lived practically as long as the human race, Primal Chaos City Leader understood the virtues of patience.

Luo Feng went back to study the second move, which was apparently much more difficult than the first one. Fortunately, Luo Feng was accomplished in more than enough on law comprehension. He spent 8,000 years conquering all the obstacles gradually and finally made the second move ultimate level.

Yaaa!

A special life form with scales on its wings screamed, and its voice pierced through Luo Feng’s ears. Luo Feng stayed still, unaffected by it.

“The 2,000th competitor,” he said. “This is the day for you to fall.”

Luo Feng controlled the gigantic beast god in the sky. 5,200 crystal balls were still on his tail, yet the entire beast god was distinct now. The towering beast god was 1,800 miles long.

The flying special life form flew like a beam of black light. All the stars and planets touched by the black light were annihilated, yet the beast god remained floating in the sky. The two special life forms were about to crash.

Luo Feng’s eyes glinted ferociously. He had already been defeated by this competitor more than 900 times. “Kill,” he commanded.

The beast god’s tail finally started to move. It became a beam of shining red light like a star about to be annihilated. The red light flitted silently past that charging black light, and the black light vanished.

Hua!

A huge crack showed up in the sky, and an enormous shockwave shook the surroundings.

Hong! Long! Long!

The soundwave couldn’t stop.

“Splendid like stars,” Luo Feng murmured. “The red light rips the nightfall like a blade! The second move is finished!”

The first move of the ultimate technique known as Star Map was finished after 3,000 years. The second move took 8,000 years. Luo Feng then started to study the third move.

He had been able to finish creating the first two moves thanks to the competitors Primal Chaos City Leader provided. Those competitors were designed to reveal the disadvantages of Luo Feng’s secret techniques. Other than the competitors, Luo Feng had already completed the third-level beast god inheritance, and together with the help of Golden Horned Beast body and Mosha body, it wasn’t a huge burden for him to create the first two ultimate techniques. Mosha body’s space comprehension could help him merge with space completely. Golden Horned Beast had merged with numerous blood river crystals and had ample inspiration when looking at the beast god sculpture. However, Luo Feng ran into trouble when creating the third move.

His law comprehension and beast god conception were not inadequate for creating the third move for the ultimate technique. He beat one competitor after another and kept deducing and empowering the third move. It took him 20,000 years to beat the 1,520th competitor, and the following competitors would only get stronger and stronger. It seemed that it would take him hundreds of thousands of years—maybe even a million years to create the third move.

Inside the core, the form of Luo Feng that had transformed from the origin pearl was casting the second move of the ultimate technique. He tried to cast the unfinished third move to attack the inner wall of the core.

“Break!” he roared. “Break! Now!”

Hong!

The inner wall trembled and shattered, yet that blurry steam stayed intact.

“I still haven’t succeeded?” said Luo Feng. “Will I really have to spend a million years creating the third move?”

Luo Feng grew nervous. For the past 30,000 years, he had remained in seclusion. This provoked rumors among the other races—even within the human race—as they all presumed that Blade River Emperor would become undying soon. Yet there had been no news. This Blade River Emperor, who had previously roamed the universe, seemed to have disappeared.

“I’ve become so impatient,” Luo Feng realized, finally coming to his senses. 30,000 years of meditation, combined with the rumors from the outside, had indeed affected him. “If I can’t accomplish my goal now, I might as well get out and tour the universe a bit. I’ve been around for such a long time, but I haven’t seen the universe yet—all I’ve done is fight!”

Luo Feng suddenly wanted nothing more than to take a tour of the universe. The timing was right. It was now or never.

Chapter 1007

Luo Feng’s Mosha body went to a remote territory of the universe through God Country Transportation of his undying slaves. He then started to wander through the universe.

The universe was resplendent and mysterious. Luo Feng saw a planet made up entirely of platinum. He witnessed a peculiar scene involving 108 associated stars and toured each one of them. He slept on a neutron star. He even discovered a valuable left by an undying fighter. Of course, he didn’t care about it. He also tried to investigate a black hole, yet when he went too deep into it, he felt a tearing power so strong that even the undying Mosha body couldn’t bear it. The space ripple was completely destroyed. Thus, he wasn’t able to transport himself and flee. Fortunately, he escaped the core of the black hole with his Domain talent technique. Sometimes, he would just lie on a meteorite and float through the universe.

Luo Feng also went stealthily to the territories of other races, as Mosha body could replicate the shapes and auras of other races. Luo Feng passed by like a tourist, observing the environments and the emotions of the other races.

These experiences while wandering the universe granted Luo Feng renewed inspiration. The past 30,000 years of meditation had barely improved his willpower, whereas wandering in the universe made his willpower evolve naturally.

In the past, all I knew was to fight—to kill and to become stronger! thought Luo Feng. But there is so much beauty in the universe. The other races’ cultures have their own unique charms, even if they are different from mine. These cultures have survived for eons. They all deserve appreciation. Each time I comprehend the culture of another race, it transforms my soul.

Half of Luo Feng’s mind was taking in the wonders of the universe while the other half was practicing. This mental partition was actually much more efficient. In the past, he could only derive inspiration from looking at the Beast God Sculpture, but he now found that there were universe origin laws everywhere in the universe, like the birth, growth, and annihilation of a star. All the grasses, beasts, and rivers contained universe laws. The processes present in planetary environments were miniature versions of the processes of the universe as a whole.

Sometimes, Luo Feng got so much inspiration that he made one breakthrough after another! Other times, he would constantly be defeated by the same competitor, but he chose to remain tranquil. After wandering in the universe for a long time, Luo Feng’s state of mind gradually merged with the universe. Without even realizing it, his competitor would be defeated.

In a remote territory of the universe, on a life planet in the prison race territory, near the six pinnacle races.

In the space surrounding the planet flew a 1,000-foot-long giant creature with 18 claws. He had scales all over his body, and his head appeared to be made of metal. There were golden flames in his eyes. This life planet was facing a catastrophe. Undying power spread and enveloped the planet; the entire planet was under his control.

“Haha!” the creature roared. “Creeping bugs! Bow to the great Shadow Emperor. From today on, this planet will belong to Shadow Emperor, and all you creeping, crawly bugs must answer to the great Shadow Emperor. If anyone dares to defy him, we will kill you!”

On the planet lived more than ten different races and millions of creatures. The weakest of them were at the star-traveler level. There were even dozens of sector lords.

“Shadow Emperor!” they cried.

“Shadow Emperor has advanced his territory to our planet. And the leader of his army is the goddamn undying fighter known as You Tuo Wa… Damn You Tuo Wa!”

Luo Feng, watching from a distance, transformed his Mosha body into a sector lord of this race.

“Interesting,” he said. He looked up and saw the undying fighter in outer space. “The prison race is so unique. Instead of stopping their subsidiary races from killing each other, they intensified it, resulting in widespread slaughter.”

In the past 50,000 years of wandering in the universe, Luo Feng had visited the territories of the crystal race and the prison race to study them. The six pinnacle races in the universe lived around the center of the universe, while crystal race and prison race lived in remote areas. All the creatures born in the peculiar region known as “Prison” would be considered members of the prison race.

The seniors within the prison race had no limits to the subsidiary races. Under the rule of the prison race, one slaughter after another occurred within those subsidiary races. Some were totally annihilated. However, some great beings would be born in the midst of such massacres, and those great beings were admitted by the prison race.

The crystal race behaved completely opposite to prison race. All the creatures within the crystal race were of the same clan, and they stuck together; the bond within crystal race was stronger even than the automaton race. Sometimes, some great beings within the crystal race would cooperate with each other, empowering them exponentially.

The individuals within the prison race were strong while the crystal race as a whole was strong. They were two completely different races, which led to constant, ferocious conflicts. The human race, automaton race, demon race, and bug race fought each other because their territories were close, but the prison race and crystal race did so because of their innate hatred for each other.

This planet was in chaos. Mosha Luo Feng watched everything happening in silence. He had already seen many planets around the prison race being conquered, and he always watched it like a bystander and left.

“All the creatures of Tai Ke race will be executed!” the undying fighter known as You Tuo Wa roared. His voice spread across the entire planet. “Kill all the creature of Tai Ke race. Kill!”

The sector lord warriors under him started to roam the planet. There were more than ten races on the planet, and Tai Ke race was only one of them. It was the only race that hadn’t admitted defeat.

A cry rose up among the Tai Ke race. “Shadow Emperor is a demon! A demon who destroyed our home and kept hunting us! Fight!”

“Kill! Kill all the bastards!”

“Kill them!”

“Children! Run!”

“Take the children! They are our future. Take them and run.”

There were more than 100,000 creatures of the Tai Ke race on this planet, some of whom tried to escape while others stayed and fought. However, when the first spaceship carrying members of the Tai Ke race was annihilated by You Wa Tuo’s undying power, they all fell into despair. They realized that they couldn’t match the undying fighter.

“Kill! Kill! Fight!”

Other races on the planet didn’t interfere. There were only six sector lords within the Tai Ke race while there were 100 sector lord warriors in the invading army. And the leader was an undying fighter!

Tai Ke race will be annihilated, thought Luo Feng, observing it all in silence. This kind of thing happened all the time. It was likely happening this very minute somewhere else in the universe.

“Hmm?” said Luo Feng.

He noticed a silhouette afar. The most shining member of the Tai Ke race—a mere teenager—had just killed two sector lord warriors. At the moment, he was temporarily holding his own against ten sector lord warriors.

Many beings within the Tai Ke race were screaming, “Pa Na, run! Pa Na, run now!”

Apparently, this teenager had a high reputation among his race. He might even be the leader of all the beings of Tai Ke race living on that planet.

“Haha…! There’s Pa Na,” said You Wa Tuo. “Shadow Emperor is looking for you.”

You Wa Tuo dove toward the teenager.

“Run!” the teenager ordered.

“Yes!” the other beings of the Tai Ke clan said, seizing the chance to flee while You Tuo Wa dealt with Pa Na.

You Tuo Wa seemed not to care about the others. Clearly, he considered Pa Na much more valuable.

“Come, You Wa Tuo!” said Pa Na. There was madness in his eyes… and a trace of satisfaction. “Me in exchange for tens of thousands of my people! Worth it!”

“Moron,” You Tuo Wa sneered.

Mosha Luo Feng watched it all in silence. It suddenly struck him that the look on that talented teenager’s face resembled the faces of Jia Ya, Mo Henderson, Tripathi Singh, Sokolov, and East, who had gone to fight the Golden Horned Beast with him. Despairing but calm.

“Time to return,” Mosha Luo Feng murmured.

Pa Na felt powerless. He couldn’t defend himself against You Tuo Wa. He knew that he was doomed as the ugly claw of You Tuo Wa grabbed him.

Suddenly… it started to rain. Raindrops filled the sky.

“Raindrops?” Pa Na was dazed.

Then the raindrops all disappeared, and the sector lord warriors of the invaders, along with You Tuo Wa, all froze. There was a strange sound—Pu! And You Tuo Wa’s godly body suddenly vanished into thin air. The sector lord warriors standing afar exploded all at once.

“Dead?” Pa Na looked around in shock. He looked at the bloody remains, the weapons, and the empty armor left by the annihilated You Tuo Wa.

Jiang!

A shadow of a being standing afar put his blade into his sheath.

“A blade…” said Pa Na. “Those raindrops were a blade striking!”

Pa Na found it hard to believe that this shrouded figure standing afar was only a sector lord. How could a sector lord kill an undying fighter so easily?

Mosha Luo Feng turned around and looked at him. He smiled, then disappeared.

Memories had flooded Luo Feng’s mind when he’d seen the look on that teenager’s face. He had wanted to help him. To Luo Feng, it didn’t make a huge difference, as it was simply a change of heart.

This planet was the last destination of his tour of the universe, because… half a month before Luo Feng arriving there, he had created the third move for his ultimate technique.

“Time to become undying!”

After wandering through the universe for 50,000 years, Mosha Luo Feng went back to the primal region of the human territory.


Chapter 1008: Undying Fighter Luo Feng

Within the Thousand Treasures River of the primal region of human territory.

When Luo Feng stepped back into the human territory, he immediately felt a sense of belonging. He was home!

“This is home,” he said.

His original earthling body, sitting in the palace with his legs crossed, finally got up, walked out of the palace, and started to tour the palaces within the Thousand Treasures River. As he walked among the palaces, Luo Feng recalled all the scenes he had witnessed in the universe while wandering. He was shocked by everything that had happened in the past 50,000 years, but it was all so clear when he looked back—as if it all followed a set of guidelines.

The servants in front of the palace watched Luo Feng walk past.

“Look, it’s Luo Feng.”

“It’s rare that Luo Feng ever walks out of his palace.”

Some of them only dared to pass messages through their mind, as they didn’t have the guts to speak up. After all, they were only servants while Luo Feng was the disciple of Primal Chaos City Leader, the master of this space and time.

“Ai, that Luo Feng could kill an emperor limit before, but he’s been MIA for the past 80,000 years. There hasn’t been any news about him becoming undying. He could’ve become undying a long time ago. Why does he stay a sector lord for such a long time?”

“To comprehend space law, of course. After all, it’s more beneficial to do so when you’re a sector law.”

“He must have been acknowledged by space law a long time ago. Becoming undying wouldn’t slow him down.”

“Who knows what’s in his mind? He’s a peerless talent.”

Luo Feng walked towards them.

“Mr. Luo Feng!”

The servants saluted him, and Luo Feng glanced at them with a smile on his face. He could read the servants’ minds after so many experiences in the universe. Apparently, his disappearance for the past 80,000 years had led to some controversies, but Luo Feng still smiled even though he knew they were talking about him… Being able to look through them and comprehend some “operation law” of the universe pleased him.

Although they’re undying, they’ve been servants for billions of years, thought Luo Feng. It has affected their minds. Perhaps they’ll never become universe knights.

The thought flashed through Luo Feng’s mind, and then he kept walking. The scenes he had witnessed during his journey were playing in his mind like films on a screen.

In the main palace of Thousand Treasures River.

Primal Chaos City Leader sensed that Luo Feng—who had been in seclusion for 80,000 years—had finally walked out of the palace. He saw Luo Feng through all the buildings. He was walking with a smile so natural and authentic that it revealed his tranquil mental state.

“Huh?” said Primal Chaos City Leader, looking startled. “He’s morphing?”

Primal Chaos City Leader could tell that all the experiences and inspirations Luo Feng had cultivated in the past 50,000 years were about to spur his significant transformation, like a scholar who had accumulated a plethora of research and was finally on the brink of an epiphany.

Luo Feng was clearly on the brink of something incredible… For the past 50,000 years, he had witnessed and experienced so much that everything manifested the operation law of the universe in Luo Feng’s eyes.

“It’s a morphing of the mental state,” Primal Chaos City Leader realized, gasping in admiration. “My disciple is a genius…”

For about five hours, Luo Feng recalled everything he had witnessed and experienced in the past 50,000 years. He broke into laughter when he recalled how he had saved that teenager of the Tai Ke Race. In the past five hours, his mental state had been sharply improved, and his mental state reached an extraordinary level.

He didn’t need to deliberately strengthen his willpower anymore, as his mental state was tranquil and still as the starry sky. He didn’t need to resist the illusion anymore, as the illusion was nothing compared to the wonders of the actual universe.

Now… even Chaos City Leader couldn’t tell directly how Luo Feng had improved his mental state. After fighting for his family and his brothers when he was a teenager… After sacrificing everything to fight the Golden Horned Beast and being resurrected… After the hustle and bustle of the talent battle… After the obsession with life and death inheritance…

And finally, after 50,000 years of witnessing the mysteries in the universe… His willpower was already as strong as that of a universe overlord. Perhaps the only ones with willpower stronger than Luo Feng were universe masters.

“Time’s up,” realized Luo Feng. “It’s now time to become undying.”

Luo Feng was excited, as he thought it was natural and only right that he should become undying now. He walked back to his palace and sat down with his legs crossed. His mental state was like still, deep waters.

Within his core, the version of Luo Feng who had transformed from the origin pearl opened his eyes.

Aggression shot out from Luo Feng’s eyes. They were peaceful like the sky and oceans, yet they were as keen as blades, glinting fiercely.

“Break the shackles,” he said. “I will become undying!”

Luo Feng waved his hands. 16,000 pearls floated in the sky, and law engravings were densely dotted on them. The pearls connected with each other immediately and formed the skeleton of an aggressive, powerful beast god.

“Star and Fire Soaring Sky,” Luo Feng whispered. “Crash and burn… Earth Shattering.”

Hong!

The beast god floating in the sky moved with a madness that showed he was ready and willing to crash and burn. Flames burned on his skin, trembling the core. Luo Feng’s willpower, which couldn’t be sharpened further, coupled with his beast god conception having been trained for 80,000 years, infused the beast god with tremendous power. He charged at the inner wall directly and smashed into it as if he were about to crumble.

“Crash and Burn! Earth Shattering!”

The third move of Star Map, Star and Fire Soaring Sky, crash and burn and Earth Shattering!

Hong!

The inner wall shook, followed by a loud sound.

Peng!

The wall was obliterated.

After 80,000 years, the third move was completed. The first move, literally, “Hit the Light-Racing Star, the starlight spread all over the universe,” was fast and light like constant raindrops. For the second move, “Splendid like stars, the red light rips the nightfall like a blade,” there was only one trick to it: its speed. The key benefit of this move was its speed. It wouldn’t attack enemies millions of times like the first move. On the contrary, it made produced one attack. However, it was incredibly fast and powerful.

The third move, “Star and Fire Soaring Sky, crash and burn and Earth Shattering,” was all about power! It was slower than the second move, but it was more than ten times more powerful than the second move. The second move relied on the tail of the beast god, whereas the third relied on its entire body. It was definitely extremely powerful, and it would make enemies crash and burn!

Each successive move was more mysterious and intricate than the previous one.

Luo Feng broke the core shackles and immediately turned from the origin pearl connected to the gold law ocean of the land of origin in the universe. Gold law energy arrived at above Luo Feng’s palace.

Hong! Long! Long!

Gold power flooded in. Some sector lords would only become ordinary undying fighters, which meant they only needed a small amount of godly power to make their bodies undying. But some powerful sector lords would become emperors the moment they became undying; they needed much more godly power, but the maximum was 100,000 times that of a sector lord.

As for Luo Feng, his original earthling body had a life gene level of over 3,000 times, and his original earthling body became 300 million times stronger than sector lords once it became undying! His body was already far more powerful than most universe knights, as universe knights with a life gene level of 10 times only possessed strength 100 million times higher than sector lords.

Hong! Long! Long!

Unlimited gold godly power poured in. A godly body 300 million times stronger than that of a sector lord required an incredible amount of undying power.

However… Though Mosha body didn’t require much undying power, Luo Feng’s Golden Horned Beast body was 600 million times stronger than a sector lord. Besides, he was over 600 miles long and thus required much more undying power than the original earthling body.

But the most outrageous requirement belonged to the Bloody Sea. The Bloody Sea had a diameter of 6 billion miles, and its life gene level was perfect. It was one billion times stronger than a sector lord! It required hundreds of millions of times more undying power than the Golden Horned Beast did.

A human universe knight’s godly body would only need godly power equivalent to a billionth of the Bloody Sea. That was why Nine Remoteness Master was invincible in the universe with his Nine Remoteness Ocean, which could rival the most powerful true treasures in the universe.

It wasn’t a big deal when someone became undying. Even when someone became a universe knight, it wasn’t that much of a scene.

But Luo Feng becoming undying was impressive. It was a spectacle thousands of times greater than True Yan Emperor becoming a universe knight. After all, he surpassed universe knights in terms of quality. As for the quantity of undying power, it was hundreds of millions of times more than human universe knights—all thanks to the Bloody Sea!

Onlookers were stunned. “What happened?” they asked one another.

“What’s going on?”

“Gold origin law arrived! Did someone become undying? But how can becoming undying cause such a scene?”

Within the Thousand Treasures River, some universe knights and lots of undying servants looked to the sky above Luo Feng’s palace in shock. Golden light almost enveloped the entire Thousand Treasures River. They could hardly remember a time when they had seen anything like this. Even some universe knights were thrilled.

“Becoming a universe knight is nothing compared to this.”

However, those universe knights and undying servants could only see the surface.

Primal Chaos City Leader stood on top of the main palace, leaning against the handrail and looking up at the sky. The gold origin law had completely enfolded Thousand Treasures River. It was inconceivably powerful—already more powerful than when someone became a universe knight.

Other great beings couldn’t see the mysteries behind this, but Primal Chaos City Leader could see dimly that the undying power was pouring into Thousand Treasures River, which revealed how vigorously Luo Feng was absorbing the undying power.

“Luo Feng has become undying…”

Even Primal Chaos City Leader was dazed. He stood there watching, speechless for a long while.


Chapter 1009: Forceful

The universe knights and undying servants within Thousand Treasures River all looked up at the boundless golden light up in the sky. They were all thrilled as they discussed this event.

“Unlimited law ocean is pouring in, and the undying power flows into Luo Feng’s body.

“What a scene!” Primal Chaos City Leader looked up, amazed. “Even the 108 princes of Nine Remoteness Master won’t make such a scene when they become undying.”

Chaos City Leader had seen so much, and he knew this was the case for some beings with large bodies but low density. Hence, the Remote Ocean body at the height of more than 55,000 miles could transform into an ocean with a diameter of 6 billion miles. Although the ocean was significantly larger, they both contained the same amount of energy. Since the water didn’t have the same consistency as flesh and blood, the ocean had a comparatively lower density. However, an ocean with a diameter of 6 billion miles still held a godly power that was billions of times greater than human universe knights.

“I’ve witnessed the scene of several special life forms becoming undying,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Some of them were tens of millions of miles tall, but the scene was nothing compared to this one.”

The more impressive the scene was, the more powerful the special life forms were.

“Does this mean,” he wondered, “that Luo Feng is stronger than all the special life forms I’ve known?”

Chaos City Leader found this impossible to fathom, but it was difficult to argue in the face of the unprecedented power that came from the arrival of universe origin law.

“Luo Feng! There are some deep secrets behind him,” Primal Chaos City Leader whispered. “Perhaps he’s only revealing a small portion of his power in front of me.”

He smiled. All intelligent beings would hide their trump card; it was ingrained in them.

“Fantastic. When Luo Feng becomes a universe knight, the scene might be more terrific than many universe masters. There’s soon to be born a supreme being within human race that can intimidate billions of races in the universe.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded mildly. He didn’t know what fate Luo Feng had met with. By all appearances, everything he knew— even his Remote Ocean body—wouldn’t have led to such a scene. After all, the Remote Ocean body only rivaled one of the 108 princes, who were just mediocre special life forms. Obviously, Luo Feng was hundreds if not thousands of times stronger than he looked.

“This disciple of mine…” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng’s palace from afar and saw Luo Feng sitting there with his legs crossed. The original earthling body had completely become undying. “How strong this force is.” He smiled.

Inside Luo Feng’s palace.

Luo Feng sat with his legs crossed. The godly force permeated the palace. Tian Chen Emperor and Ji Hong Emperor were both thrilled.

Terrific! The force was stronger than that of ordinary universe knights!

“Master…” Tian Chen Emperor and Ji Hong Emperor, who were both groveling, exchanged eye contact, looking frightened.

Inside the internal world.

An ocean of godly power poured in from the hollow, flooding into the Bloody Sea. The internal world looked like the apocalypse had come.

Howl!

Golden Horned Beast floated in the sky among the pouring waters of the godly power ocean, howling with excitement.

“Haha! Fantastic! Fantastic!” Luo Feng, dressed in black, stood atop the Golden Horned Beast, looking at the godly power ocean. “My original earthling body, Golden Horned Beast body, and Mosha body became undying immediately. Soul imprint merged with the godly power completely, and the godly power is all mine. However, this Bloody Sea of mine…”

Luo Feng looked at the Bloody Sea from afar. Its color was changing. It was originally blood-red, but the color appeared to be fading. The density of godly power in the ocean kept getting higher.

Hong! Long! Long!

The limitless waters of the godly power ocean poured down and filled the area.

“The energy a universe knight requires to recover his godly body costs so much that it’s much more costly than a treasure,” Luo Feng murmured. “My Remote Ocean’s godly power is better in quality than a universe knight’s, and it has billions of times more godly power, which means my Remote Ocean is more precious than billions of treasures combined. Perhaps it’s as valuable as a true treasure—even a high-end true treasure.”

Luo Feng smiled looking at the Remote Ocean. “With this Remote Ocean by my side, will there be any universe knights who can make me cower?”

Luo Feng suddenly understood the source of Nine Remoteness Master’s pride. While in the Nine Remoteness Ocean, Nine Remoteness Master wasn’t even afraid of universe supreme masters! As for Luo Feng, few universe knights could strike him down in his Remote Ocean.

As enormous as the Remote Ocean was, the gold law ocean from the universe origin was much mightier. After a short while, the entire Bloody Sea was transformed into a godly power ocean. The water was tumbling in the ocean and was made up of godly power a billion times stronger than a sector lord’s power.

“Remote Ocean, with a diameter of 6 billion miles.” Luo Feng looked down at the Remote Ocean. “Creation!”

Suddenly, a Remote Ocean body that was more than 5,000 miles tall walked out from the waves.

“Recover.”

The larger the body was, the more quickly he absorbed the godly power.

A six-foot human absorbed godly power hundreds of millions of times more slowly than a World Tree 60 million miles tall. This went without saying; appetite of an ant was nothing compared to a dragon. A dragon would eat more in a single bite than an ant could eat in its entire life. In the same way, a godly body standing 5,000 miles tall would only take the Remote Ocean a couple of minutes to supply its energies.

“Dissipate! Gather!”

Remote Ocean body instantly dissipated into water and merged with the ocean.

The Remote Ocean expanded but only slightly… An outsider probably wouldn’t have been able to tell simply by looking at it.

“It’s true that after becoming undying, the Remote Ocean can expand further,” Luo Feng whispered. “However, Remote Ocean can only expand by absorbing godly power gradually. It’s so large that it needs a huge amount of godly power to increase its diameter by even a foot. How many years did it take Nine Remoteness Master to expand his ocean?”

Luo Feng felt fortunate. If he hadn’t become undying—and couldn’t transform his bodies into godly ones at one time—he would have needed an eternity to supply enough godly power for an ocean with a diameter of more than six billion miles.

Inside the palace.

Luo Feng smiled and got up.

“Master,” Tian Chen Emperor and Ji Hong Emperor said respectfully. “You two, stay here,” Luo Feng ordered, then walked out of the palace.

Luo Feng teleported himself in front of the palace where Primal Chaos City Leader lived, where some of the undying servants of universe knights stood.

“So powerful.”

“The power…”

Two universe knights standing afar were terrified, and the undying servants were all trembling. Little did they know that this was only the force coming from the original earthling body, and it would be hundreds of time more extraordinary if it came from the Golden Horned Beast body or the Remote Ocean.

Luo Feng waited outside the palace. Although the door was open, everything inside was dimming, and he couldn’t see things straight.

“Come in,” came a voice from inside the palace.

Luo Feng walked into the palace and saw Primal Chaos City Leader standing in the distance.

Luo Feng gave a salutation. “Teacher.”

Primal Chaos City Leader gazed at Luo Feng. “Have you become undying?” he asked after remaining silent for a long while.

“Yes,” Luo Feng answered.

“Fantastic. You’re doing better than I thought.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded with satisfaction. He was content, happy, and even exhilarated. He nurtured all these disciples because he wanted to produce more great beings who could become the future pillars of the human race. Not only did Luo Feng meet his expectations, but he had also surpassed that to a huge extent.

“Even I can’t sense the extent of your power now,” Primal Chaos City Leader asked. “Do you think you can defeat Zhu Chong Emperor?”

Luo Feng was dazed. He answered, “Yes, I can.”

Indeed, he could. Luo Feng’s Golden Horned Beast body had a higher life gene level than Zhu Chong Emperor. His willpower, self-created techniques, and true treasures were all Zhu Chong Emperor’s better. Even if he was defeated once, he could be revived time and time again with his Remote Ocean. He wasn’t afraid of anything with his newfound “immortality.”

“Fantastic. Fantastic.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “What’s your next step?”

“Find an address of the god country and build it,” Luo Feng answered.

“Hmm. A god country is vital.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Interlayers of the space are immeasurable. Choose a deeper area.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Go,” Primal Chaos City Leader said with a wave of his hands.

Luo Feng gave a salutation and left.

Primal Chaos City Leader wouldn’t meddle with Luo Feng’s choices given his current power. Luo Feng would be the one to make his decisions from now on.

Luo Feng left the primal region and arrived at the god country of his slaves.

“Master of my master, where should we go now?” the slave of another race groveled in veneration.

“Star Tower,” Luo Feng whispered.

“Yes,” the slave answered and connected with the keepsake in Star Tower.

Luo Feng had left it in the Star Tower before. “No need to create the god country first… I can go there later. My Remote Ocean is better than most universe knights—quality-wise and quantity-wise, it’s outrageously large. I’ll see whether I can drive the most powerful true treasure, Star Tower.”

Luo Feng couldn’t wait to give it a try.

Chapter 1010

Star Tower was nine light years tall. It was so enormous, as if it were covering half the universe.

This most power true treasure in the universe had led to mass slaughtering among the four pinnacle races, yet no great being was able to take it. The true treasure became a battlefield for billions of races in the universe, and countless undying fighters died inside.

Inside the tower, at the core palace.

A blurry, golden light was glowing as Luo Feng walked out of the golden light.

“Star Tower.” Luo Feng smiled. He felt the joy from Star Tower. “Go to Seal Space.”

Luo Feng walked to the edge of the palace, and a portal leading to “Seal Space” appeared. Star Tower was innately a sealing true treasure, and Seal Space was its center. It was vast with black ground and cordilleras.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew up and looked down at the ground.

“Remote Ocean, show up!” Luo Feng yelled.

Hong!

With the earth shattering, the Remote Ocean appeared in the Seal Space out of nowhere.

Remote Ocean body, earthling original body, Mosha body, and Golden Horned Beast body could all enter and exit the internal world instantly. Of course, after the internal world and space fragmented, being merged and turning into a god country, it would happen no more. The internal world could still exist for a while after someone becoming undying, but after a certain amount of time, the internal world would start to crumble.

“A diameter of six billion miles.” Luo Feng stood on the ocean, stepped on the waves, and pride filled his heart. “Such godly power. Boundless! Star Tower! Drive!”

Luo Feng started to control Star Tower with his mind. Willpower wasn’t closely related to actual power but had a lot to do with one’s training and experience. However, with consciousness bound together with power, a sector lord could kill a universe-level fighter with one look, as his consciousness force could crush a universe-level fighter’s soul!

After becoming undying, consciousness depended on godly power. Luo Feng’s Remote Ocean body had greater godly power than most universe knights, and he had a terrifically large amount of such power. His consciousness surpassed most universe knights and had reached the universe overlord level.

Hong! Long! Long!

Water pillars swirled and extended to the hollow around them. They penetrated Star Tower, and the godly power merged with the entire Star Tower. Mysterious force emanated from Star Tower, and the seal stars and law engravings on the heavenly pillar bewildered Luo Feng.

“It’s so complicated. I can’t comprehend them at all. But it feels so good when my godly power and Star Tower completely merged with each other. I don’t need to care about the meaning of the law engravings. I’ll use my force.” Luo Feng clenched his teeth and growled. “Move!”

Hong!

Star Tower barely trembled; the amplification was so small that it was not visible.

“This is too difficult to drive.” Luo Feng was a bit stupefied. He felt like an ant trying to push a rock. “Godly power, burn! Drive!”

Luo Feng clenched his teeth.

Hong!

All the godly power in Star Tower started to burn, and it became 1,000 times more powerful. Star Tower started to move, and Luo Feng now felt like an ant carrying a grain of rice. Though it was still heavy, he could at least run with it. Luo Feng stopped after moving Star Tower only a little bit.

“Stop.” Luo Feng stopped burning his godly power. “Oh my god. I’ve already burned godly power dozens of times more than that of Remote Ocean body.” Luo Feng was dazed. “Though I can move Star Tower, I can’t drive it like I do on other true treasures.”

Luo Feng shook his head. It was supposed to be easy when utilizing weapons. A spiritual force weapon was supposed to be at light speed when being utilized! When Luo Feng used Star Map, the stars would shoot out like lightning. On the other hand, he needed to burn his godly power when driving Star Tower, and it was still so slow that enemies could totally dodge it.

“No wonder,” Luo Feng whispered. “No wonder master Zuo Shan Ke said I can only drive Star Tower when I become a universe knight. He gave me the Nine Volume Manual and knew that I had a Golden Horned Beast body. He could tell that I could easily achieve a life gene level thousands of times greater, but he still speculated that I needed to be a universe knight.” Luo Feng nodded. “It seems I don’t have enough godly power, and neither do I have deep law comprehension.”

There were two ways to drive spiritual force weapons. One way was to achieve adequately deep law comprehension, which could amplify the effect of godly power tenfold. The other way was to obtain a large amount of godly power.

“If I’m really able to drive Star Tower, I’ll be capable of changing the size of Star Tower to make it move as fast as lightning.” Luo Feng shook his head. “I’m only undying. It seems that I’m not yet qualified to use this supreme true treasure.”

Supreme true treasures were extremely precious in the universe. Only universe supreme masters or universe masters could use those true treasures, and one of the reasons was that the conditions for utilizing supreme true treasures were so harsh. Although Luo Feng had a perfect life gene level, he was still only undying. He would be dreaming if he thought he was able to drive Star Tower now.

If it weren’t for the Remote Ocean, Luo Feng couldn’t have even moved Star Tower with his other bodies. After all, he had consumed an enormous amount of godly power just now.

“Remote Ocean, come back.”

Luo Feng stood above Remote Ocean.

Sou!

The Remote Ocean went back to his internal world.

“I will be one of the strongest beings in the universe when I’m able to drive Star Tower,” Luo Feng whispered in the palace.

He understood that he couldn’t compare with universe masters like Primal Chaos City Leader and Master of Sky Wolf, even though he was indeed incredibly strong. However, his newfound “immortality” could already be a problem for some universe masters.

Star Map was already an ultimate technique. The first move required 160 stars, the second required 520 stars, and the third needed 1,600 stars. When all the 1,600 stars combined, their power was increased exponentially.

Luo Feng presumed that he would need more stars when he created later moves of Star Map, so he took some seal stars from Star Tower, and thus the stars on Star Map amounted to 10,000.

“I’ll go and create my god country now. Back to the human territory.”

Luo Feng stepped into the golden glow.

Sou!

He disappeared.

Inside the human territory, within the Ganwu Universe. Luo Feng teleported himself into a region of space 50 million light years from Earth, where there was nothing but dying planets and stars.

“I’ll choose this place,” Luo Feng whispered.

He thought he shouldn’t follow any rules when choosing a god country.

Zoom!

Luo Feng tore the space apart and stepped into the interlayers.

There were thousands of layers in the space interlayers. The first layer was shattered, fragmented space. The second layer was the god country. The third layer was the space flood… These were categorized in terms of an ordinary undying fighter. To the real supreme beings in the universe, there was only one vast layer of space interlayers. The closer it was to the original universe, the smaller the space fragments were, and the farther it was, the larger the fragments were. And the deeper the space interlayers, the more dangerous it got.

At the safest areas, even sector lords could survive. However, some areas could be life-threatening even to some universe knights!

Sou!

Luo Feng teleported himself and flew past the god country layer. He entered the space flood layer, opened his Shi Wu Wings, and flew deeper.

“Ordinary undying fighters will establish their god countries in the god country layer,” Luo Feng whispered. “Some supreme beings will do the same thing. However, they’ll move their god country deeper toward the space flood layer when they become stronger.”

The deeper it was, the safer the god country would be. Godly power was infused in the Shi Wu Wings, which made them stronger. It started to fly among the space flood like a flash of light.

“The space fragments are getting larger and larger—some with diameters of 6 billion miles.”

Luo Feng could only see those enormous space fragments. There were already land and water on some of them. They were flying at high speed, and once they hit someone—especially the ones with a diameter of 6 billion miles—they could annihilate an emperor instantly.

Sou!

Sou!

Luo Feng flew deeper and deeper. Sometimes, he teleported himself to dodge a colossal space fragment. His internal world had a diameter of 600 billion miles, so he needed to choose a space fragment that was of equal height, width, and length.

Two days after.

Luo Feng finally saw some space fragments with a diameter of one trillion kilometers, and some were even larger.

“I need to be careful. Space fragments of this size can possibly kill a universe knight.”

Luo Feng was extremely careful. Those space fragments all came from the space flood, and they could easily hit someone because they flew so fast. Fortunately, Luo Feng had his Shi Wu Wings, which helped him dodge the space fragments nimbly.

Luo Feng teleported himself around a space fragment that had the largest diameter of 3.9 trillion miles and the smallest diameter of 1.3 trillion miles. It could merge with his internal world completely.

“Build the god country!”

Luo Feng opened his wings and triggered his internal world.

Suddenly, an invisible force burst out from his internal world, and it locked that space fragment.

Hu!

An enormous world showed up out of nowhere, as if it existed in an illusion or another dimension. It flew toward the targeted space fragment, and the space fragment was likewise drawn to it. One looked real, and one looked like a void. They got closer and closer to each other.

Hong! Long! Long!

Space trembled, and all the other space fragments avoided it. The world and the huge space fragment merged, stabilizing each other. A new, real world was born, and after a short while, the illusory world completely disappeared.

It was his god country!


Chapter 1011: Mountainside

Sou!

Luo Feng took a step and teleported himself into his god country.

The god country was filled with energy, and it was constantly expanding. The Remote Ocean was nothing compared to the god country.

“God palace! Build!”

In the sky above Remote Ocean, a boundless amount of godly power gathered, and a towering palace came into being. It was a god palace emanating golden light and gold law energy. The top of the palace was a great spire and became the center of the god country the moment it was formed.

“A god country… My god country!” Luo Feng stood in the sky with his eyes closed and arms opened. He felt fantastic. He felt an instant connection to this place—as if he had physically become the god country himself. “Mountains! Plains! Swamps! A desert! An oasis! Lakes!”

Luo Feng sensed the entire god country with his eyes closed. At this moment, he and his god country were combined as one. Remote Ocean’s power merged with that of the god country, empowering each other multiple times.

“This god country is me, and I am this god country!” said Luo Feng. “The power of my god country might be able to kill some universe knights!”

Luo Feng opened his eyes and smiled. The foundation of the god country was of the utmost importance. The internal world was the foundation, and an unstable foundation wouldn’t lead to a sturdy god country. Luo Feng’s internal world had a diameter of 600 billion miles, which made his god country a rival of lots of universe knights. This single step made all the difference!

“My god country is finished.” Luo Feng looked at the Remote Ocean. “My Remote Ocean is able to perform my talent technique ‘I Am the Universe.’ Remote Ocean body is already able to control the space and time around him to some extent. Together with I Am the Universe and the power of a god country, it’s terrifically mighty.”

The god country, the Remote Ocean, and the talent technique I Am the Universe combined would wield exceptional power. However, if Luo Feng needed to risk everything like that, it meant he was cornered in a hopeless situation. After all, the god country was the vital element; if it was destroyed, Luo Feng could never improve himself unless a supreme being turned back time and helped him. And performing “turning back time” on Luo Feng would come at a high cost.

The Remote Ocean guarded the god country.

Luo Feng carried Mosha body, Golden Horned Beast body, and Remote Ocean body—Remote Ocean body at the height of more than 5,000 miles. Each of the three bodies resided in one world ring.

“I can enjoy fighting as much as I can now!” said Luo Feng. “Even if all my bodies are killed, Remote Ocean can recover them immediately. After all, even the godly power of the other bodies combined was nothing compared to what the Remote Ocean contained. The only thing I need to be mindful of is my true treasures.”

Luo Feng left his god country but was soon summoned by Primal Chaos City Leader.

At the apex of Thunder Island.

Shua!

Luo Feng showed up and saw Primal Chaos City Leader standing at the edge of the cliff.

“Teacher,” Luo Feng said respectfully.

“Come here, Luo Feng,” Primal Chaos City Leader said as he turned around, saw Luo Feng, and smiled.

Luo Feng walked to Primal Chaos City Leader, confused. “Yes?”

Luo Feng stood behind Primal Chaos City Leader. Primal Chaos City Leader said, “Stand right next to me and look down.”

“Um…?” Luo Feng took a step forward and stood side-by-side with Primal Chaos City Leader. He looked down and saw fog pervading the mountain. Through the haze, he could see the indistinct shapes of palaces.

“All the undying fighters of the virtual universe company live here.” Primal Chaos City Leader said, looking down. “The undying fighters live in the palaces on Thunder Island. On the mountainside of the center mountain on Thunder Island live the universe knights. As for universe masters, they live in the palaces at the top of the mountain, and some mighty universe overlords live there as well.”

Luo Feng nodded. He realized that having a palace at the top of the mountain on Thunder Island meant standing among the supreme beings in the universe.

“Now that you’ve become undying, it’s your time to pick a place to live,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Although I haven’t seen you fight since you became undying, my guess is that you have the power of a universe knight. Choose a place on the mountainside and build a palace.”

Luo Feng was dazed. The mountainside?

“Yes, teacher,” Luo Feng answered respectfully.

“Every universe knight has their own dimension as their territory,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “I’ll arrange a new dimension for you.”

Luo Feng blinked in surprise. He was already treated as a universe knight!

“Universe knights are already regarded as seniors of the human race, and they’re involved with lots of important issues.” Primal Chaos City Leader said, looked at Luo Feng. “Universe knights can all participate in the supreme council of the human race, but you’re just undying! Palaces on Thunder Island, dimensions in the virtual universe… These are all arranged by the virtual universe. I can make the decisions regarding those issues. However, the qualifications for joining the supreme council is decided by the entire human race. The virtual universe can’t solely decide.”

“I understand,” Luo Feng answered.

The supreme council… He had heard of it before. It was a council that only great beings stronger or equal to universe knights could participate in. Lots of major issues concerning the human race were discussed in the council.

“I believe that you have the power of a universe knight, but that’s not enough,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “You need to show your power and prove that you’re entitled to the status of a universe knight. Empty words are not enough.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded.

Without battle records, nobody would be convinced. After all, humans were not special life forms. Luo Feng was incredible when he was a sector lord, and hence some great beings suspected that Luo Feng defeated the undying fighters using some special valuables. However, that didn’t mean that Luo Feng could defeat universe knights.

Universe knights and undying fighters were at two totally different levels. Undying fighters were only footsoldiers—future great beings and mentors of great beings of the next generation! But universe knights were the elites of a race. As for universe overlords and universe masters, they were the real pillars of a race.

“Okay.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Choose a place on the mountainside.”

“Yes, teacher.”

Luo Feng flew out and dove towards the mountainside.

Primal Chaos City Leader watched Luo Feng diving. He had witnessed the scene when Luo Feng became undying, and thus he believed that Luo Feng had the power of a universe knight. He even believed it when Luo Feng said he could defeat Zhu Chong Emperor.

On the mountainside of the central mountain.

The central mountain was a towering peak, and the palaces built here, where the universe knights lived, stood adjacent to each other. Their servants and disciples all lived in the same palaces, which had diameters of tens of thousands of miles or even more. These great structures only enhanced the beauty of the enormous central mountain.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew above the mountainside and looked for a suitable location.

“Luo Feng,” he heard a voice say.

“Huh?” Luo Feng turned his head and saw a shadow flying toward him. It was Nine Blade Knight in a cyan cape and purple scales on his head.

“Nine Blade Knight.” Luo Feng smiled.

Nine Blade Knight greeted Luo Feng like a friend. He thought to himself, Although Luo Feng is not as strong as I am, he’s the renowned peerless genius and a disciple of Primal Chaos City Leader! We’re at the same status in the virtual universe.

Nine Blade Knight smiled. “Luo Feng, are you going to see your teacher?”

“No.” Luo Feng shook his head. “I’m looking for a place to build my palace.”

“Build a palace?” Nine Blade Knight was perplexed. “You’ve become undying, I presume, but undying fighters are supposed to build palaces at the bottom of the mountains. Why are you flying here?”

Ordinary undying fighters were not qualified to be on the mountainside. As for the servants in the palaces of the universe knights, they were only allowed to walk inside the palaces.

“Primal Chaos City Leader asked me to pick a place on the mountainside to build my palace,” Luo Feng answered.

Nine Blade Knight was dazed at first. Then he felt discontent.

The very idea was outrageous! Everyone needed to follow the rules. Even the person in charge of the virtual universe should be expected to appeal to the great beings under him before making such a decision! Building a palace on the mountainside was a privilege of universe knights. Even the invincible emperors had to build their palaces at the bottom of the mountain. There should be no exceptions.

“Then keep searching,” said Nine Blade Knight. He frowned and left.

Luo Feng murmured, ” Nine Blade Knight seems upset. But I can’t blame him, as I haven’t proven my power yet. It’s understandable that some universe knights are not comfortable with this. But he didn’t scold me… perhaps because he doesn’t dare offend Primal Chaos City Leader.”

Luo Feng picked his location and architecture style that day. The virtual universe helped Luo Feng build the palaces. But there was disturbance among the universe knights after Luo Feng began building palaces on the mountainside.

“Blade River Emperor, ‘Luo Feng,’ is building palaces on the mountainside?”

“Even if he became undying, he’s not qualified to build palaces on the mountainside!”

“It’s outrageous!”

“He needs to show his power no matter who his teacher is. Primal Chaos City Leader…”

The universe knights on the mountainside gathered quite often. It was a social circle of universe knights, and normally, they felt superior to all undying fighters. But now, there would be an undying fighter living among them. Although they didn’t dare to swear because of Primal Chaos City Leader, they all expressed their discontent when they gathered.


Chapter 1012: Honor

On the mountainside on Thunder Island, a waterfall roared down toward the enormous lake under it. There was an island with a diameter of several miles in the lake, and there, eight beings chatted with each other.

“Primal Chaos City Leader is the pillar of the human race, as he’s made great contributions to us! But that Blade River Emperor Luo Feng… How is he related to the contributions of Primal Chaos City Leader? Humph! Primal Chaos City Leader earned his status with his power, his battles, and his contributions… As for Luo Feng? He’s just a talent being cultivated and has been using the resources of our race. I didn’t see his contributions at all! Why did he get true treasures? Why did he get the beast god inheritance token!”

“Talents are just consuming the resources. They actually owe something to our race.”

“As for us, we’re earning resources for our race!”

“No contributions, and he’s weaker than us. How is he qualified to have our status?”

A twenty-five-foot-tall being growled in anger. He had massive, strong arms and wore black armor. A huge iron hammer rested beside his seat.

“What Thunder Knights said makes perfect sense!”

“Yes, it makes sense!”

Other universe nights nodded.

“Don’t talk too much,” a handsome man with six pairs of wings said. He sat drinking alone. “This is arranged by Primal Chaos City Leader, after all.”

“Even if it’s Primal Chaos City Leader’s arrangement, Luo Feng should know that he isn’t qualified to have a place here,” Thunder Knight said in a hoarse voice. “Yet he built palaces on the mountainside. That means he believes he’s qualified to have the same status as us.”

“Look, True Yan is here.”

“It’s True Yan.”

“Stop talking. True Yan is very close with Luo Feng.”

All the universe knights raised their heads and saw True Yan Knight fly toward them like a beam of light.

Thunder Island contained many great beings. The beings here formed friendships based on their varying levels. Universe knights would usually befriend each other. True Yan Knight loved making friends with others, and thus he was close to quite a few universe knights.

“True Yan, come and sit down.”

“Yes, True Yan, sit.”

The universe knights were all fairly welcoming. Although they were discontent with Luo Feng, they wouldn’t vent their anger on True Yan Knight. After all, True Yan’s sincerity had earned him quite a few close universe knight friends these years.

True Yan Knight approached the handsome man with six pairs of wings and laughed. “Blacksmith, you seem angry. Want to share with your brother? Bloody Wing Knight, do you mind giving me some of your wine?”

The winged man smiled and poured some of his wine out. Bloody Wing Knight and Thunder Knight were the most powerful among the eight universe knights.

“I am indeed angry,” Thunder Knight said. “Do you know the news about your disciple Luo Feng?” The other seven universe knights looked at him unpleasantly, but Thunder Knight glared right back, saying, “True Yan will know anyway!”

“Know what?” True Yan Knight was dazed. “Is it he who is becoming undying?”

“That doesn’t have anything to do with me,” Thunder Knight said. “Do you know that Primal Chaos City Leader allowed him to build palaces on the mountainside—like us universe knights?”

True Yan Knight was stunned.

Thunder Knight continued, “He’s only undying. How is he qualified to build palaces on the mountainside?”

“Well—well…” True Yan Knight was rendered speechless. “Perhaps Primal Chaos City Leader has other thoughts in mind.”

“Whatever thoughts he has in mind, he shouldn’t have done this,” Thunder Knight said. “How could it convince us of his worthiness? Do you really think Luo Feng is as powerful as we are? Can you believe that?”

True Yan Knight hesitated to answer. Undying fighters and universe knights were at two completely different levels. Universe knights had hundreds of times more godly power than undying fighters, and along with the huge gap in law comprehension and complexity of techniques…

Universe knights, in general, were thousands of times more powerful than undying fighters, if not more so. Even for special life forms like Bark Mirror Emperor and Zhu Chong Emperor, they defeated some ordinary universe knights with their talent techniques. If it weren’t for the talent techniques, the gap between their law comprehension and that of universe knights would have crushed them.

Thunder Knight shook his head. “I’m not being jealous. I just care about the rules of our race. Everyone needs to follow the rules! Otherwise, how will the other great beings be convinced? It’s already upset lots of great beings, but nobody dares to challenge the majesty of Primal Chaos City Leader. Hence, they all talk about it secretly and wait for your disciple to bring shame upon himself. If you really want the best for your disciple, please tell him to move off the mountainside unless he wants to be a disgrace. Besides, he just made himself an enemy of many universe knights. Isn’t that getting the short end of the stick?”

“Thunder is straightforward, but what he said makes perfect sense,” Bloody Wing Knight said with a smiled. “True Yan, you need to think about what’s best for your disciple.”

True Yan Knight was also upset.

On the open-air square of the world of glory.

Luo Feng was chatting with Thousand Rain Emperor when someone landed beside him. “Luo Feng.”

Luo Feng looked up and was surprised. “Why have you come, teacher? I sent you an email to say that if you wanted me for something, you could go to the virtual universe and ask me and I would be there immediately.”

“Thousand Rain Emperor, I need to have a word with Luo Feng now,” True Yan Knight said.

Thousand Rain Emperor left immediately.

True Yan Emperor sealed the space around him, stared at Luo Feng, and said, “I did receive your email, but some of my friends on Thunder Island dragged me into their conversation.”

“Friends?” Luo Feng blinked.

“All because of you.” True Yan Knight shook his head. “Apparently, building palaces on the mountainside of Thunder Island has upset quite a few universe knights.”

Luo Feng shook his head. “Do they really need to be so petty?”

“That’s where you’re wrong.” True Yan Knight frowned. “They have eternal lives, and their families have all passed away. They have been practicing for an eternity, and that is how they earned their current status! Their status and their honor might look worthless, but they value it very much.

Luo Feng was astounded.

“Status! Honor!” True Yan Knight whispered. “I was stuck at the invincible emperor level for an eternity, and I could only hide. Only after becoming a universe knight did I earn a high status and incredible honor! And only after that did I become famous again! Their status and glory were earned by their power and contributions to our race.” True Yan Knight sighed. “What else do you think they care about aside from their status and honor?”

Luo Feng now understood completely. He had been wandering in the universe for 50,000 years, but he had been observing the weak. He had only seen a few universe knights, and hence, he hadn’t realized that universe knights were also living beings—just living beings with great power. They were dedicated to something they believed in. Without families, they cared about their race, status, and honor above all else.

They could die for their own race! They could die for their own honor!

“I now understand,” Luo Feng said. “No wonder so many great beings were disappointed by this. If I were a universe knight, I would also be upset if an undying talent suddenly gained the same level of glory as me.”

“You’re still young, and you’re always at the center,” True Yan Knight said. “It’s normal for you not to realize that.”

Luo Feng nodded. Yes. Status and glory were incredibly important to a great being. If someone became undying, became a universe knight, and died without being known, it would be boring. The most exciting way was to fight for honor! For glory!

“I know it.” Luo Feng smiled. “I’ll prove to those universe knights that I’m a qualified one. I just need to defeat a universe knight.”

“Defeat a universe knight?”

True Yan Knight was shocked. He hadn’t witnessed the scene when Luo Feng became undying, so even if he had faith in Luo Feng, he couldn’t imagine an undying human being defeating a universe knight. Even Bark Mirror Emperor could only bully the most mediocre universe knights, and he was almost killed by True Yan Knight.

Bark Mirror Emperor was a unique life form with a life gene level of 2,000 times. There was a huge gap between undying fighters and universe knights.

“You don’t believe me?” Luo Feng laughed. “Just watch.”

On the other side of the open-air square.

“Look, Bark Mirror Emperor. There’s Blade River Emperor.”

Bark Mirror Emperor was sitting with the great beings of the Northern Territory Alliance. He looked at Luo Feng and True Yan Knight from afar. He hated both of their guts.

“He is indeed more powerful.” Bark Mirror Emperor sneered. “It seems that this Blade River Emperor has become undying. It’s been 80,000 years. He had deep law comprehension before he became undying, yet he still chose to wait for more than 80,000 years. So patient…”

“I’ve been waiting for 80,000 years.” Bark Mirror Emperor clenched his teeth.

He wasn’t sure whether he could rival True Yan Knight or not. However… He was confident that he could beat the famous Blade River Emperor.

“I’m undying, and you’re undying as well,” said Bark Mirror Emperor. “It’s not bullying if I fight you myself. After all, you’re the peerless talent in the universe.” Bark Mirror Emperor smirked and showed his fangs. Luo Feng and True Yan Knight were standing afar while True Yan Knight stood up and disappeared.

Bark Mirror Emperor approached the heirs of the Hong Alliance.

“Bark Mirror Emperor is coming,” someone said.

“Bark Mirror Emperor is walking toward us.”

All the 1,000 heirs in Hong Alliance turned around, including Luo Feng.


Chapter 1013: Bark Mirror Emperor and Blade River Emperor

Luo Feng and the other heirs in the Hong Alliance looked toward Bark Mirror, along with heirs from other groups as well. They were all wondering what Bark Mirror Emperor would like to do.

Heng! Heng!

Bark Mirror Emperor smiled and kept walking toward the Hong Alliance group even though he was being stared at by lots of other heirs. He soon arrived at the where Hong Alliance group had gathered.

A universe knight within the Hong Alliance stood up. “Bark Mirror Emperor, what are you doing here?”

“I’m here… for Blade River Emperor.”

“Blade River Emperor?”

All the heirs who heard this stood up in anticipation. They had all heard that Bark Mirror Emperor had once hunted Blade River Emperor, and the latter could only resort to hiding in the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool to escape. Now, Bark Mirror Emperor was back for Blade River Emperor.

Luo Feng looked at Bark Mirror Emperor and asked, “Why are you looking for me, Bark Mirror Emperor?”

“Haha! I haven’t seen you for more than 80,000 years.” Bark Mirror Emperor looked at Luo Feng, smiled, and showed his fangs. “I can already sense that you’re more powerful. Blade River Emperor, have you become undying?”

Quite a few heirs started to wonder the same thing.

“Hmm… Blade River Emperor is indeed more powerful.”

“But still, he can’t compare with Bark Mirror Emperor.”

“Bark Mirror Emperor is a unique life form who can rival a universe knight. As for Blade River Emperor, he is, after all, a human being. It’s quite normal that he’s less powerful.”

There were many discussions among the heirs in the distance. But Luo Feng wasn’t affected by the discussions at all. He nodded and answered, “You’re indeed perceptive. That’s right. I just became undying.”

“Congratulations.” Bark Mirror Emperor broke into laughter. “The legendary Blade River Emperor—who could kill an emperor limit when he was only a sector lord, who could escape me when he was only a sector lord, and who could stay alive under the attack from Mud Knight when he was only a sector lord. You had 620,000 battles and won almost all of them…”

Bark Mirror Emperor seemed to be flattering Luo Feng, but his tone sounded aggressive. The heirs listening to the conversation were quite disturbed by his words… Luo Feng’s reputation was built on them! However, they had to admit that Luo Feng was indeed impressive to have accomplished so much as a mere sector lord.

“Now that you’ve become undying,” Bark Mirror Emperor continued, “I have to admit that I was not as good as you when I was a sector lord. I’m exhilarated that you’ve become undying. Exhilarated.”

“Thanks,” Luo Feng said.

“If you were that powerful when you were only a sector lord,” said Bark Mirror Emperor, “you must be much more powerful now that you’ve become undying.”

The heirs on the open-air square thought that the way Bark Mirror Emperor complimented Luo Feng was bizarre, but they agreed. Luo Feng must be incredibly strong if he was able to win so many battles without the help of outer force, and he was only a sector lord back then.

“I’m here,” said Bark Mirror Emperor, glaring at Luo Feng, “firstly to congratulate you, and secondly… to challenge you! Blade River Emperor, you’re worth challenging. Blade River Emperor, you’re worth all my efforts. Do you dare have a life or death battle with me, Blade River Emperor?”

Bark Mirror Emperor gazed at Luo Feng.

Silence. The open-air square went silent instantly. The heirs were all excited, but they kept quiet and watched Luo Feng.

“Life or death battle?” Luo Feng frowned. “Whereabouts? Inside the world of glory?”

“Of course not.” Bark Mirror Emperor licked his lips, and his golden eyes glinted with hostility. “I mean a real-life battle. We can pick a place in the Ancestral God Secret Region and have a battle with the promise that neither of us will accept any assistance. It’s an entirely one-on-one, life or death battle. Do you dare accept my challenge?” He smirked. “No need to invent excuses. Just tell me, do you dare accept? If you’re scared, you can say no. However, I don’t think a universe-renowned peerless talent will disappoint me.”

Bark Mirror Emperor stared at Luo Feng. “Accept? Or not?”

The open-air square was deathly silent. Tens of millions of heirs all listened carefully.

Blade River Emperor was indeed a legend. Would he fight Bark Mirror Emperor after becoming undying? Even though Bark Mirror Emperor wasn’t as fabled as him, he was, after all, a powerful unique life form that could intimidate countless undying fighters. Would he accept the challenge?

It was understandable to assume that Luo Feng wouldn’t dare accept the challenge. After all, a life or death battle invitation from a powerful unique life form was intimidating enough to most. However, his reputation would be shattered if he said no.

Luo Feng was undying, but Bark Mirror Emperor was undying as well.

They were both undying… yet Luo Feng was still terrified of Bark Mirror Emperor!

“Accept or deny?” Bark Mirror Emperor asked again, staring at Luo Feng.

Hu!

Luo Feng stood up, looked at Bark Mirror Emperor, and smiled. “How can I not take the chance since you’re leaping to your own death?”

All the heirs on the open-air square were thrilled.

“You accepted it?” Bark Mirror Emperor’s eyes gleamed.

“Of course!” Luo Feng said. He looked around. “I won’t deny any challenges from undying fighters!” The voice resounded on the entire square.

All the heirs were stunned.

“Oh?”

“Reckless!”

What Luo Feng had just said was so audacious that Zhu Chong Emperor, who had been watching from afar, couldn’t help smiling.

A gloomy teenager in half-transparent purple armor chuckled. “Zhu Chong Emperor, he said he won’t deny any challenges from undying fighters,” said the teenager. It was difficult to tell whether the teenager was male or female. “Are you just going to let him go like that? If I were still undying, I would kill him myself.”

Zhu Chong Emperor glanced at the purple-armored teenager beside him. “Purple Rain Knight, you’re already a universe knight. Don’t meddle.”

The purple-armored teenager was an incredible unique life form with a life gene level higher than that of Zhu Chong Emperor! He was the mightiest undying fighter on Bauhinia Island before, and he had killed quite a few universe knights when he was undying. After becoming a universe knight, he grew to be a powerful combatant in the Ancestral God School.

“He might not even survive Bark Mirror Emperor, let alone me.” Zhu Chong Emperor shook his head. “Luo Feng is too arrogant. He may be a peerless talent, but Bark Mirror Emperor is a special life form with a life gene level of 2,000 times. That’s a huge gap.”

“Yes.” Purple Rain Knight nodded.

Special life forms had their own sense of pride.

“Haha… Fantastic.” Bark Mirror Emperor broke into laughter. “I’ll send an email to you later and tell you the universe coordinates. I’ll choose an area right next to the portal of the Ancestral God Secret Region.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded. “What time?”

“The sooner, the better. But I need to give you some time for preparations. In half a day, and I’ll tell you the location later.” Bark Mirror Emperor was further excited.

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Haha…” Bark Mirror Emperor laughed again. He stared at Luo Feng. “Blade River Emperor, I didn’t imagine you would be this brave!”

“I hope you can still laugh at the end of the battle.” Luo Feng smiled.

“The one with a strong personality,” Bark Mirror Emperor said, grinning, “is always the one who dies first.”

Sou!

Bark Mirror Emperor disappeared.

Luo Feng looked around and noticed Zhu Chong Emperor and the purple-armored teenager staring at him. He smiled and vanished.

The news incited a firestorm. All the heirs in Ancestral God School were thrilled. Even the battle between two real universe knights wouldn’t have drawn so much attention. After all, a battle between two undying fighters with universe-knight power was rarer.

Bark Mirror Emperor was a unique life form with the power of a universe knight. Blade River Emperor, a universe-renowned super-talent of the human race, and he had just become undying!

A life-or-death battle between those two… It was such explosive news that billions of races in the universe knew about it instantly through the heirs on Bauhinia Island. All the superpowers knew about it immediately, and so did the human race.

“What? Blade River Emperor Luo Feng is going to engage in a life-or-death battle with Bark Mirror Emperor in the Ancestral God Secret Region?”

“Is that a joke?”

“Bark Mirror Emperor is a powerful special life form, and he has the power of a universe knight. Even ordinary universe knights can be killed by him. Blade River Emperor is simply reckless!”

“Blade River Emperor has a clone talent technique. He won’t die.”

“But he can get killed! And then his treasures will be taken away. His true treasures were bestowed by our human race. If they’re taken by Bark Mirror Emperor, it’s a loss for all of us.”

“Reckless.”

“Arrogant.”

“Foolhardy.”

Those universe knights who were already dissatisfied with Luo Feng all thought this peerless talent was too haughty! They had seen many peerless talents who were similarly full of themselves, and they would only come to their senses after they suffered great losses!

“He will come to his senses after this battle.”

“However, it will cost him true treasures!”

Meanwhile, Luo Feng spent his time in the palace on Bauhinia Island.

“This Bark Mirror Emperor is indeed confident,” Luo Feng chuckled.

“Master,” said Tian Chen Emperor. “Primal Chaos City Leader gave you a big challenge by letting you live on the mountainside of Thunder Island.”

“Of course, I know that.” Luo Feng nodded. “That’s why I need Bark Mirror Emperor. True gold fears no fire; the stronger the fire is, the purer the gold is. It’s about time.”

Luo Feng stood up.

“We congratulate our master beforehand, for we know you will return with a victory,” Tian Chen Emperor said respectfully.

“Prepare a celebration feast,” said Luo Feng. “I’ll invite Thousand Rain Emperor, Cha Man Emperor, and my teachers after I defeat Bark Mirror Emperor.”

He laughed, then teleported himself to the square in front of the leader’s palace on Bauhinia Island. He then teleported himself to the secret region through the waterfall.


Chapter 1014: Mad Luo Feng

In an area of the Ancestral God Secret Region floated some fragments of mountains. A stooping shadow stood on top of one of the mountain fragments. It was Bark Mirror Emperor!

Zoom!

A silver shadow showed up and landed on another mountain fragment.

“Bark Mirror Emperor, you arrived here quite quickly,” said Luo Feng, standing on the mountain fragment with his wings open.

Bark Mirror Emperor sneered. “You’re not slow, either. I thought your true treasure, the wing, was lost in the Nine Remoteness Whirlpool. But now I see it again, it should be claimed by some supreme being of the human race.”

Luo Feng smiled. “Think whatever you want.”

In the open-air square of the world of glory.

All the heirs gathered on the open-air square; they were all sitting and looking at Bark Mirror Emperor, who was at the center of the square.

“I’ll broadcast this battle through the virtual network.” Bark Mirror Emperor looked around. “Everyone will see who the winner is.”

Hong!

Bark Mirror Emperor pointed to the space beside him. Suddenly, a light shot out and formed a projection. All the heirs could see distinctively that Luo Feng stood on a gigantic mountain fragment while Bark Mirror Emperor stood on another. They stood face to face with each other.

“Bark Mirror Emperor is so reckless and confident that he is doing a live broadcast through the virtual network,” someone said.

“He’s a special life form! Why would he not be confident?”

“Quick, tell our race!”

The virtual network kept broadcasting the battle, and the heirs watching the fight telecast it back to their own races.

“Haha! Let’s see how the human dies.”

“He’ll win without question.”

The Northern Territory Alliance looked fierce. As for the heirs in Hong Alliance, they were all watching, holding their breath.

Thousand Rain Emperor asked True Yan Knight in a low voice, “Do you think Blade River Emperor can win, True Yan Knight?”

True Yan Knight gazed at the project in the sky. “Just watch.”

At this moment, lots of seniors from the superpowers of the universe were also paying close attention to the fight, like many universe knights in the human race.

Luo Feng stood on a floating mountain fragment, looking at Bark Mirror Emperor in the distance. He glared at him. “Bark Mirror Emperor, I didn’t expect you to do a live broadcast through the virtual network.”

“What? Are you afraid?” Bark Mirror Emperor grimaced and showed his fangs.

Luo Feng shook his head. “If you want to bring shame upon yourself, why should I stop you?”

“So arrogant!” Bark Mirror Emperor snorted. “Now that we’ve both arrived, there’s no need to wait longer. Let’s started the fight now.”

“So I can kill you even earlier than expected,” Luo Feng replied.

Bark Mirror Emperor’s face twisted. “Foolhardy human!” Bark Mirror Emperor roared.

Hong!

His godly power started to burn, and the force surged. It twisted and tore apart the space around him. Bark Mirror Emperor was small compared to other special life forms, but he was still much larger than human beings. He already had an advantage in size.

Shing!

A bloody glove showed up around his right claw, and that claw cut apart the space around it. In response, Luo Feng grinned and burned his godly power.

Hong!

Luo Feng’s force also surged and tore apart the space around him.

Bark Mirror Emperor was startled. “How is that possible?” he said.

Luo Feng wasn’t as powerful as he was in the world of glory, and he even felt weak before the fight. However, when Luo Feng started to burn his body, he began emanating power as intense as Bark Mirror Emperor—a special life form. And Bark Mirror Emperor’s godly body was stronger than some universe knights!

Bark Mirror Emperor glared at Luo Feng and yelled, “You hid your power!”

Luo Feng shook his wing. “Too late!” he said.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Countless stars floated with law engravings on them. After being injected with Luo Feng’s godly power, they disintegrated the space around them, forming miniature black holes. No space fragments would even touch the stars.

520 stars… 520 miniature black holes…

The stronger the user was, the more powerful the treasures would become. Luo Feng’s godly body was stronger than many universe knights, and each of the burning stars was fully utilized. Although he hadn’t performed his technique, the stars had already made the space around them collapse and form black holes.

“This is a true treasure!” Bark Mirror Emperor was terrified, as the power was incredible.

“I’ve told you, it’s too late.” Luo Feng waved his hands.

Instantly, countless golden threads burst out of the 520 miniature black holes and formed a forceful beast god! The 520 black holes connected with each other and took the shape of the beast god’s tail.

Bark Mirror Emperor clenched his teeth. It was happening too fast. He had intended to crush Luo Feng, but now Luo Feng was slightly more powerful than him—and his spiritual force weapon was a true treasure!

“Aargh!” Bark Mirror Emperor roared. “Goddamn human! You’re only so powerful because of your true treasures! As for your weapons… Haha! I’m a special life form with a godly body much more powerful than yours. Even true treasures are not going to help you. Die!”

Bark Mirror Emperor charged Luo Feng fiercely. Both of them cast “space seal” to start of the battle.

“Splendid like stars, the red light rips the nightfall like a blade!” said Luo Feng. He shook his wing and dodged Bark Mirror Emperor. Meanwhile, he watched the gigantic beast god in the distance.

The beast god growled. Bark Mirror Emperor growled as well and performed his talent technique.

Luo Feng was attacked but was left unharmed. “I was already able to defend myself against that talent technique using tower pearl. Now, I can withstand it even without star pearl!”

He looked at the beast god and Bark Mirror Emperor afar, who started to fight. This was the power of a spiritual force leader. He didn’t need to engage in close-quarters combat.

Hong!

The beast god’s tail moved like a flash of shining red light. Out of the three ultimate techniques Luo Feng had created, the second move was the fastest one, and besides, all the power was integrated into this one move… If the enemy dodged it, Luo Feng might need some time to make a second strike.

The red light tore apart the surrounding space and attacked Bark Mirror Emperor directly.

Bark Mirror Emperor waved his claws, bellowing loudly.

Peng!

The attacking power broke Bark Mirror Emperor’s arm instantly. The beast god’s tail slashed Bark Mirror Emperor’s chest.

Peng!

The godly body started to crack, and the golden light emanating from the true treasure armor dimmed.

“Im—impossible…” Bark Mirror Emperor glared at Luo Feng, terrified.

Six percent of his godly body was destroyed! And it had happened with his armor protecting him!

Luo Feng sensed that Bark Mirror Emperor had become weaker. He nodded and thought, Just as I expected.

He had more godly power than Bark Mirror Emperor. Although Bark Mirror Emperor also had true treasures, Luo Feng’s Star Map was a true treasure, too. As for techniques, although he only performed the second move of Star Map, the second ultimate move was already much more powerful than the third pinnacle move. The third move needed 160 stars, whereas the second one required 520… Although Bark Mirror Emperor created his own claw technique, it could barely pass the threshold of pinnacle techniques.

All of them made Luo Feng stronger than his competitor. Besides… His incredible willpower further strengthened his godly power. Warriors didn’t need much willpower when attacking while spiritual force leaders valued willpower to a great extent. The capacity of a spiritual force weapon depended on the strength of willpower.

With such an extraordinary will, Luo Feng destroyed six percent of his enemy’s godly body!

“You’re doomed, Bark Mirror Emperor.” Luo Feng gazed at Bark Mirror Emperor coldly.

Hong!

The beast god attacked Bark Mirror Emperor again and again. He strived to dodge the attack, but he was nowhere close to the speed of the spiritual force weapon, which might be faster than Luo Feng with his Shi Wu Wings. He could only be slashed again and again.

Bark Mirror Emperor had true treasures to protect his godly body while Luo Feng had a true treasure to attack him! They didn’t have any advantages over each other in this aspect…

Bark Mirror Emperor still looked mad. “Haha!” he roared. “My godly body is clearly much larger than yours. You need to consume more than one percent of my godly power to annihilate my godly body. Do you really have that much power?”

“Really?” Luo Feng sneered.

The more powerful one had an edge in annihilating godly power. For instance, emperor limits had the same amount of godly power as pinnacle emperors did. However, they used their secret amplification techniques or attacking techniques to strengthen their power tenfold, and that was how they could annihilate emperor limits’ godly bodies by consuming 5 to 10 percent of their own power.

As for Luo Feng, he also needed to consume one percent of Bark Mirror Emperor’s godly power to destroy him completely. However, Luo Feng’s godly body looked tiny.

“How come? Why isn’t your godly body being weakened?” Bark Mirror Emperor’s golden eyes were wide open, filled with fury.

“Moron! That’s because of my clone technique!” Luo Feng grinned. One of his rings was holding a Remote Ocean body, and the Remote Ocean body—at the height of more than 5,500 miles—kept supplying him with endless godly power, which kept the original earthling body at 100 percent.

“Ah!” Bark Mirror Emperor was petrified. How could he have forgotten about that! “You’re carrying your bodies? Bastard human!”

With that, Bark Mirror Emperor went mad. He tried to run, but the beast god just kept slashing him, and his godly body kept being damaged… 51 percent… 45 percent… 39 percent…

“Your teacher True Yan and you!” roared Bark Mirror Emperor. He had completely lost his mind. He could only resort to self-destruction unless he wanted to fall. “Explode! Explode! Explode!”

Hong! Long!

Bark Mirror Emperor’s remaining body exploded, and tens of millions of miles of space around him were annihilated.

Suddenly, a huge shadow showed up. The figure looked around, then shook his head. “I’m late!” he said. “I tried to get here as soon as possible after realizing something was wrong, but I’m still too late. Bark Mirror Emperor exploded.”

“Huh?” said Luo Feng, standing amid the aftershock of the explosion. He turned around and saw the figure in the distance. Its sudden appearance startled him.

Pei Feng Knight, one of the supreme beings of the Northern Territory Alliance and one of the candidate deified generals. Although he was weaker than actual deified generals, he was a universe overlord.

“Relax, Blade River Emperor,” said Pei Fang Knight. “I’m not here to kill you. Although you killed Bark Mirror Emperor, the true treasures he left belong to the Northern Territory Alliance. I’m here to take them away.”

Pei Feng Knight dashed toward Luo Feng like a flash of light.

“I was the one who killed Bark Mirror Emperor!” Luo Feng said. “I’ll claim those true treasures as my trophies!”

Under the burning godly power, his voice was like thunder resounding through the broken space. Meanwhile, the gigantic beast god formed by 520 stars grabbed the space ring, armor, bloody gloves, and crystal balls.


Chapter 1015: Universe Overlord

Sou!

The gigantic beast god grabbed the trophies with his claw and flew back like a flash of light. He was so fast that even Pei Feng Knight couldn’t catch him.

“In my pocket.” Luo Feng waved his hand and put the space ring, the world ring, and the true treasure armor into his own world ring.

A furious roar blasted near Luo Feng’s ears. “Blade River Emperor, you’re just greedy!”

Luo Feng turned around and saw Pei Feng Knight dashing toward him. He grinned and transmitted his voice. “Pei Feng Knight, you’re a candidate deified general. Are you really that stupid? Do you really believe Bark Mirror Emperor would have left my true treasures alone if I were the one who got killed? What a joke! If you want them back, take them with your own hand!”

Pei Feng Knight was infuriated. The only rule in the universe was to fight. If Bark Mirror Emperor killed Luo Feng, he would’ve taken Luo Feng’s true treasures as well. As for Pei Feng Knight, he thought Blade River Emperor should’ve given the true treasure back to him as he had already asked politely and promised not to kill him.

“You moron! You’re too arrogant.” Pei Feng Knight transmitted his roaring sound, and there was fire burning in his eyes. He was more than 1,000 feet tall, which made him look taller and bigger than Bark Mirror Emperor. Though he couldn’t catch up with Luo Feng instantly, he opened his mouth!

Hu!

An intangible attack dashed Luo Feng in lightspeed. Soul attack! It was faster even than the spiritual force weapon, and it was flexible.

“No!” Luo Feng was terrified but couldn’t dodge it. He could only withstand the attack with all his power.

Pei Feng Knight was a candidate deified general, which meant he had already reached the perfect level at one of the 72 deified general inheritances. His soul amplification already reached 100 times, which was the limit, and he also learned a set of special attacks that only belonged to deified generals… The power of that set of attacks was more powerful than the talent techniques of many special life forms! It was the ultimate technique of deified general inheritance, and it was a universe-master level technique!

Pei Feng Knight, as a being at the same level as Xi Luo Duo, had a life gene level of more than 60 times. Besides, he was a universe knight who had a godly body 100 times that of an undying fighter, which meant his godly body was 600 million times stronger than that of a sector lord, which made it more powerful than Luo Feng’s original earthling body.

Stronger godly body, perfect soul amplification, universe overlord level willpower, and universe master level techniques! He was superior to Luo Feng in all aspects…

Ang!

It was soundless. When Luo Feng’s godly body was attacked, he could feel that his godly power was being stripped away. This technique attacked the life imprint in the godly power directly, and its goal was to completely destroy the life imprint, which was equivalent to destroying Luo Feng’s soul.

“Guard! Guard! Guard!” Luo Feng was roaring in his heart, with his willpower and burning godly body controlling Tower Pearl.

Star Pearl gleamed and locked Luo Feng’s godly body, which protected him from all the fierce attacks from Pei Feng Knight. Although he was inferior to Pei Feng Knight in all aspects, without Tower Pearl, his soul would’ve been crushed completely under one attack. However, this was when the power of a true treasure was manifested!

Luo Feng could resist Bark Mirror Emperor’s talent technique with Tower Pearl when he was only a sector lord, and now that his godly power was half that of Pei Feng Knight and he had the Tower Pearl to guard his soul…

“Haha!” laughed Luo Feng. “Pei Feng Knight, your technique is not that impressive!”

Luo Feng transmitted his voice and started to flee like a beam of light. He knew that a universe overlord had multiple techniques, and he would have to utilize all he’d gotten if he wanted to fight a universe overlord. Besides, even if he utilized everything he had, a win wasn’t guaranteed. He had just become undying, and he still hadn’t gotten a top-tier true treasure like Force Arm.

Sou!

Shi Wu Wing was utilized, and Luo Feng started to flee swiftly among the space fragments.

“What?” Pei Feng Knight said. “He resisted it?”

Pei Feng Knight was shocked. Bark Mirror Emperor speculated that Luo Feng had a soul true treasure after hunting Luo Feng before, but he didn’t report it back to the seniors of Northern Territory Alliance because soul attack was a merciless technique and soul true treasures were precious without comparison!

True treasures like pieces of armor and the Shi Wu Wings could only weaken soul attacks. As for soul true treasures, they could guard the soul! If flying palace true treasures could defend one against material attacks, soul true treasures could defend the soul.

Soul true treasures were more attractive to great beings, which was why Bark Mirror Emperor didn’t make it public, as he was afraid that Luo Feng would be killed by some supreme being in Northern Territory Alliance. Thus, he couldn’t get the soul true treasure. Instead, he had been waiting for the perfect opportunity, yet he resorted to self-destruction.

Seeing Luo Feng escape like a flash of light, Pei Feng started to chase him and performed another technique.

“Law domain!”

Pei Feng Knight knew he didn’t have much time, as the supreme beings of the human race might arrive soon. After that, he wouldn’t have the chance.

Hu!

The hundreds of millions of miles of space around them turned silent, trapped in the law domain!

Luo Feng was trapped as well. “Law domain… of time law!”

He was stunned. Undying fighters could perform law domain, and so could universe knights. Besides, space and time law were more superior than gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, thunder and light. Control over law domain could make the power of law domain surge. Even as powerful as Luo Feng’s world projection had been as a sector lord, the law domain of official-level undying fighters could rival his world projection.

Pei Feng Knight gazed at Luo Feng coldly. “Wind Annihilation!” he cried.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

The flow of time was bizarre within the time domain. Luo Feng tried to flee, but miniature tornados showed up around him, each about the size of an eyeball. They surrounded Luo Feng and dashed at him one after another.

“Get the hell away!” Luo Feng shouted.

He tried to use his Shi Wu Wings to block the tornados, but they dodged the wings’ strikes, easily making contact with Luo Feng’s godly body.

He didn’t dare to close his Shi Wu Wings completely. If he did so, he would be significantly slower, and he would be caught by Pei Feng Knight. Although he was already affected by space law domain, it was not omnipotent; he could still change direction and keep his distance from Pei Feng Knight.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

The miniature tornadoes bit into Luo Feng’s body.

Ah!

60 percent of Luo Feng’s godly body was gone immediately, which terrified Luo Feng.

He’s trying to annihilate my godly body? Luo Feng thought in horror. Fortunately, he had stored his world rings on his body where he hid Remote Ocean body, Mosha body, and Golden Horned Beast body. The world ring with Remote Ocean body let out godly power, restoring Luo Feng’s godly body.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Luo Feng’s godly body kept being weakened, but each time, it recovered!

“So this is the power of a universe overlord…” said Luo Feng. “He isn’t even close to me yet, but he can still damage me like that!”

Luo Feng kept using his Shi Wu Wing to keep his distance from Pei Feng Knight.

“He’s still alive?” said Pei Feng Knight.

Pei Feng Knight was dazed. Although this move wasn’t effective against universe overlords at his level, it was lethal against ordinary universe knights. It was a technique made for time law domain.

“His godly body is constantly being consumed, but somehow, it’s still at 100 percent. But of course—he has the clone technique. He must have stored a body.”

Pei Feng Knight had figured it out.

Bark Mirror Emperor had used the virtual network to broadcast the fight against Luo Feng when it first started, but when he realized he couldn’t even defend himself against Luo Feng, he had turned off the broadcast as he felt ashamed. Which was why…

The heirs in the open-air square of the world of glory and other superpowers in the universe only knew that Luo Feng had crushed Bark Mirror Emperor. Pei Feng Knight had not known that Luo Feng had brought his bodies to the fight.

Pei Feng Knight’s eyes gleamed with madness. “I can only kill him after destroying his bodies!”

Pei Feng quickly hatched a plan. He had said he wouldn’t kill Blade River Emperor before, as he knew Blade River Emperor would be revived even if he killed him. However, Blade River Emperor was obviously carrying his bodies with him! He didn’t know exactly how many bodies Blade River Emperor had, but the number couldn’t be large. Together with the original body, some fighters had two godly bodies while others had three.

Pei Feng Knight’s eyes glinted fiercely.

“Kill!” he snorted.

Two black whirlwinds came out of his nose and flew toward Luo Feng like two miniature black dragons. The two black whirlwinds didn’t appear powerful, but all the space fragments they touched vanished immediately.

“Danger! Danger! Danger!”

Luo Feng felt the winds’ life-threatening essence and quickly realized he was in trouble.

Chapter 1016

My human godly body will be annihilated immediately if I am touched by these two black whirlwinds! thought Luo Feng.

Although he was significantly inferior when it came to battle techniques, he could still sense that the two black whirlwinds were the most horrendous attacks he had ever encountered!

Pei Feng Knight had already made three moves. The first move was one of the deified general ultimate techniques, and it was terrifically powerful. Luo Feng had withstood that attack with his Tower Pearl. The second move was a material attack, which was used when being cornered by weaker universe knights. However, it could still destroy half of Luo Feng’s godly body. As for the third move, it was a material attack used when fighting universe overlords! Both of the two black whirlwinds were hundreds of times more powerful than the miniature tornados!

No! thought Luo Feng. I’m trapped in time law domain now, so even if I use Ancient Boat Galaxy, I can’t get away. Perhaps he’ll even take my Ancient Boat Galaxy. As for my Mosha body, he is only able to perform Domain when he’s alone, so I would need to put my original earthling body back in the world ring. However, Pei Feng Knight would never give me a chance like that.

Luo Feng flew swiftly with his Shi Wu Wing. He had made up his mind. Neither Ancient Boat Galaxy nor Mosha body was suitable. That left him with only one option…

Pei Feng Knight pursued Luo Feng, his eyes glinting greedily.

He’s got to have a soul true treasure to be able to resist my deified general technique, he thought. He’s got to! No wonder Bark Mirror Emperor wasn’t able to kill the then-sector-lord Blade River Emperor. And Bark Mirror Emperor had the benefit of an incredibly powerful talent technique!

Pei Feng Knight was feeling more confident now. The deified general technique could severely damage even a universe overlord. Luo Feng would need a soul true treasure to resist it.

A soul true treasure. The human race must indeed highly value Blade River Emperor. Even I, as a universe overlord, don’t have that kind of true treasure.

Pei Feng Knight watched the black whirlwinds closing in and shouted eagerly, “Die! Die! I’ll take your true treasures after you’re dead!”

Pei Feng Knight was a universe overlord, yet he only had two true treasures, both of which were mediocre and common. One was a piece of protective armor, and the other was a blade. He immediately figured out that this peerless talent of the human race had a true treasure wing and a soul true treasure.

“Die! Die!” Pei Feng Knight cried, watching expectantly.

It’s all over, he thought. Even a universe knight with true treasure armor is likely to be killed by this move.

All was silent. Two black whirlwinds intertwined with each other as they got closer and closer to Luo Feng.

“Pei Feng Knight, you’ve left me no choice!” Luo Feng transmitted his roaring voice.

Hong!

A towering shadow suddenly appeared behind Luo Feng. It was more than 5,500 miles tall.

A godly body standing at a height of 5,500 miles was a terrific sight, and Pei Feng Knight was shocked to his very core.

“What… What kind of special life form is this?” Pei Feng Knight stammered.

A godly body at a height of more than 5,500 miles existed almost exclusively among flesh-and-blood-type living beings.

Earth only had a diameter of 6,000 miles… This living being was nearly as large as the planet Earth!

Hong!

The entire godly body started to burn, and the godly tower surged, destabilizing the time law domain.

Although Remote Ocean body only had a life gene level of 1,000 times and the original earthling body had a level of 3,000 times, Remote Ocean body emitted millions of times greater pressure to the time law domain than the original earthling body.

The reason: Remote Ocean body was simply gigantic! The godly power he burned every second was more than 100 million times that the original earthling body did.

The two black whirlwinds pursued Luo Feng at lightspeed, but Remote Ocean body charged directly at the black whirlwinds! Luo Feng had chosen the most appropriate time to let out Remote Ocean body, as he did so when the black whirlwinds were only 6,000 miles away from him.

Remote Ocean body enveloped the black whirlwinds.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Like snow melting under the sun’s rays, Remote Ocean body was being consumed.

“Larger, larger, larger!” Remote Ocean body broke into laughter, and the sound resounded through the boundless space.

His godly body was suddenly enlarged, and he became 60,000 miles tall. The density of his body, therefore, became much lower. Yet the black whirlwinds were trapped inside Remote Ocean body and needed to annihilate the godly power around them to move forward.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

The black whirlwinds kept consuming the godly power around them, but Remote Ocean body had unlimited godly power!

“Remote Ocean body had the same godly power as universe knights,” said Luo Feng. “I had a godly body at the height of more than 5,500 miles for you to destroy. Let’s see how much your black whirlwinds can destroy!”

Luo Feng relied solely on the gigantic godly body! It was unlikely for an enormous godly body like that to fall. One wouldn’t be able to destroy the body—even if the body didn’t fight back at all!

After a few seconds… the two black whirlwinds dissipated after annihilating an enormous amount of godly power.

“You can destroy 9 percent of my godly body?” Remote Ocean body laughed. “Ordinary universe knights can’t damage one-1,000th of it even if they self-destruct. No wonder you’re a universe overlord!”

Hong!

Remote Ocean body dashed at Pei Feng Knight. Pei Feng Knight had been chasing Luo Feng all along, and they were now only six million miles away from each other.

Remote Ocean body raced towards Pei Feng Knight. “The original earthling body is moving in the opposite direction with Remote Ocean body moving in a straight line. I’ll get closer and closer to you if you continue to pursue the original earthling body!”

“Blade River Emperor, do you really think you’re invincible with that body?” Pei Feng Knight roared. “I’ll let you know now that even a gigantic godly body like this is useless against me!”

Remote Ocean body bumped into Pei Feng Knight.

“Explode! Explode! Explode!” Remote Ocean body roared and blew itself up!

“What?” Pei Feng Knight shouted, completely shocked.

Never in his wildest dreams would he have expected this. Supreme beings with powerful godly bodies like that would never self-destruct! A godly body at a height of more than 5,500 miles would cost too much to recover, yet Remote Ocean body let out all its energies at once!

The power… was unbelievably mighty!

Hong! Long! Long!

An area of 60,000 miles around Remote Ocean body was dead silent, but everywhere within 600,000 miles was instantly blasted by the godly power. Space fragments flew hundreds of millions of miles into the distance.

“Bastard!” came a furious cry from the center of the explosion.

A blue figure stood at the center of the explosion. He was surrounded by black air. The six eyes glinted fiercely. “Damn you! Damn you!”

“Enough, Pei Feng Knight.”

Two powerful figures stood face-to-face with each other. One of them was Pei Feng Knight, and the other was a werewolf great being—beside whom stood Luo Feng.

Luo Feng looked at Jiu Feng Knight in front of him. Jiu Feng Knight had received the complete deified general inheritance. He was a candidate deified general and a universe overlord! Jiu Feng had arrived just as Luo Feng’s Remote Ocean body exploded himself…

Luo Feng flew beside Jiu Feng Knight, as he didn’t want to continue the fight.

Universe overlords are too powerful, Luo Feng thought. My Remote Ocean body can only injure him after self-destruction.

Jiu Feng Knight and Pei Feng Knight faced each other at a distance. They were both candidate deified generals, and they belonged to the same category of deified general inheritance.

Pei Feng Knight glared at the werewolf great being. “You want to stop me, Jiu Feng?”

“I’m human,” Jiu Feng Knight said coldly. “I’ll surely defend a great being of my race.”

There were black whirlpools in all the six of Pei Feng Knight’s eyes, and the airflow was tumbling around him. “Then let’s fight,” he said. Jiu Feng Knight responded, “Jiu Feng, you were not my match even before 20 percent of your godly body was depleted. I suggest that you leave. Otherwise, other great beings of my race will arrive soon.”

“Bastard.” Pei Feng Knight clenched his teeth. “Damn it!”

He was exasperated. He was a universe overlord! It was strenuous to complete the deified general inheritance, yet he had done it! And as a universe overlord, he was seldom defeated unless he facing other universe overlords or universe masters. He hadn’t risked everything yet. However, he hadn’t expected to be attacked by the self-destruction of that godly body at a height of more than 5,500 miles!

5,500 miles! If it weren’t for his true treasure armor, he would have been annihilated! Even with his true treasure armor, 20 percent of his godly body was gone!

He was defeated… by an undying fighter!

“Blade River Emperor!” Pei Feng Knight roared, glaring at Luo Feng. “You… You were willing to blow up your godly body! A godly body as powerful as a universe knight! A godly body at the height of greater than 5,500 miles! You are vicious!”

Luo Feng remained calm. “All too easy,” he said.

“I’ve underestimated you,” Pei Feng Knight said. He stared at Luo Feng. “Next time… I’ll utilize everything I’ve got. I’ll treat you like a universe overlord.” Pei Feng Knight glanced at Jiu Feng Knight. “Jiu Feng… You only rely on your true treasures.”

With that, Jiu Feng Knight turned into a beam of light and teleported himself away.

Although they were both universe overlords, Pei Feng Knight came from a mighty race of Northern Territory Alliance. There were lots of races within the Northern Territory Alliance, but they only had about the same amount of resources as the Hong Alliance did. It was fortunate for Pei Feng Knight to have been given two true treasures.

As for Jiu Feng Knight, he came from the human race—a pinnacle race in the universe with valuables to spare. Naturally, they highly valued their own great beings. Jiu Feng Knight had four true treasures, and they were a perfect combination. With his own mighty power and four true treasures, Jiu Feng Knight was indeed Pei Feng Knight’s better.

“Good for you, Luo Feng,” Jiu Feng Knight said. He glanced at Luo Feng with a smile on his face.


Chapter 1017: Prove Himself

The space gradually became peaceful, and the space fragments vanished completely. Jiu Feng Knight and Luo Feng stood facing one another.

“You just injured Pei Feng Knight, a universe overlord,” said Jiu Feng Knight. “You were able to injure someone who’s able to fully operate the third form of the true treasure armor on his body with his law comprehension… Impressive. Impressive, indeed.”

“I’m just lucky.” Luo Feng smiled.

Generally, true treasures had different forms. For instance, his Shi Wu Wing had three forms, and with the user getting stronger, it could be better utilized. When Luo Feng tried to drive Star Tower, he could feel that the law engravings inside it were complex to the point of being incomprehensible. Thus, he couldn’t even operate it at a minimum level, let alone make the best of it.

Pei Feng Knight was a universe overlord, and that true treasure armor barely crossed the threshold of true treasures. He was indeed able to operate a true treasure in its third form, which was why he had only lost 20 percent of his godly body after a 5,500-mile tall godly body exploded in front of him!

Jiu Feng Knight shook his head and looked at Luo Feng. “It’s because of your power. For what it’s worth, I admire how you just blew up that enormous godly body.”

“I’m not even in his league,” Luo Feng said. “I didn’t have other option.”

“Yes,” Jiu Feng Knight said. “He indeed overpowers you to a large extent. After all, you’re only undying, and your law comprehension can’t even compare with him. He can wield the power of the same true treasure much better than you. I assume you’re unable to make the best use of your true treasure wing?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded. He had just started the second form of Shi Wu Wing.

“Besides,” Jiu Feng Knight continued, “he underestimated you in the first place and didn’t even consider that you might be a contender. In the future, you might not even have the chance to self-destruct and hurt him.”

Luo Feng nodded. In the future, Pei Feng Knight might keep his distance from Remote Ocean body. As long as he was more than 60,000 miles away from the center of the explosion, the blast wouldn’t be dangerous. And if Luo Feng was too close to Pei Feng Knight… he didn’t dare detonate Remote Ocean body, as he was afraid that his original earthling body would be injured as well!

This time, his original earthling body had been millions of miles away from the center of the explosion. Naturally, he hadn’t been hurt at all. If, however, his original earthling body had been in close-quarters combat with Pei Feng Knight when he had detonated the Remote Ocean body, the original earthling body would have been annihilated immediately, and Pei Feng Knight would have only suffered a few injuries. At that point, Pei Feng Knight would definitely have taken all the treasures left by Luo Feng’s earthling original body.

“He’ll be onto you after this,” Jiu Feng Knight said. “He’ll definitely turn this around. I’ll tell you about him to make sure you won’t be bullied by him in the future.”

Luo Feng listened carefully.

“Pei Feng Knight has two true treasures,” Jiu Feng Knight said. “One is a piece of armor, and the other is a blade. As his true treasure weapon is a blade, he devoted lots of his energies and time to close combat, and he created incredible blade techniques. His fighting power, together with his blade, can destroy lots of treasures in one strike.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

“You must have been able to resist his soul technique if you survived that fight,” Jiu Feng Knight said. “As for some distant attacking skills, I’m sure you can handle them as well. The only thing you need to beware of is his close-quarters combat techniques. They’re his trump card. In close-quarters combat, he can fully utilize his true treasure blade. Even if you have true treasure armor, your godly body won’t be able to withstand the shock wave.” Jiu Feng Knight shook his head solemnly. “Unless you have a flying-palace-type true treasure.”

“Is the combination of his fighting techniques and true treasure blade really that powerful?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but ask. “Can it really destroy a treasure with a single strike?”

Did does that mean my Ancient Boat Galaxy would be at risk?

“There are different levels of treasures,” Jiu Feng Knight said. “Some top-tier treasures and set treasures are already close to true treasures, and they are difficult to destroy, whereas some ordinary treasure armors or weapons will be fragile.”

Luo Feng nodded. Ancient Boat Galaxy was a top-tier treasure and was as valuable as true treasures. Besides, it had belonged to an inborn beast god known as “Wine Master” before. It should be solid.

“Remember, be mindful of his close-quarters combat techniques,” Jiu Feng Knight said. He nodded. “All right, let’s go back.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded.

Luo Feng knew he didn’t want to reveal his trump cards. He had only utilized the second move of Star Map when fighting Bark Mirror Emperor. And when he was fighting Pei Feng Knight, he could have hidden in Ancient Boat Galaxy and let Mosha body perform his talent technique Domain to escape. However, if he had done so… he would have revealed two of his deepest secrets.

Ancient Boat Galaxy and the talent technique Domain… Only a few in the universe—including Nine Remoteness Master and Chaos City Leader—knew about Domain. It was a vital trump card for him, as he could almost certainly escape from any enemies weaker than universe masters. Hence, he wouldn’t use it unless his life was seriously threatened.

As for the Remote Ocean body, at the height of more than 5,500 miles, he could recover it in no time. After all, he should at least show some real power.

In the open-air square of the world of glory, there was hustle and bustle among the heirs.

“What’s the result of the battle?”

“Bark Mirror Emperor’s such a sore loser. He was the one who wanted a live broadcast in the first place, but he turned it off after realizing that he was at a disadvantage.”

“It’s must be Bark Mirror Emperor who lost.”

“That’s right.”

“He lost without a doubt.”

The heirs were upset by Bark Mirror Emperor. He had been exceedingly confident and had wanted all the heirs to watch the fight, presuming he would crush Blade River Emperor. It had indeed excited many heirs. The news spread across the universe, drawing attention from lots of supreme beings. Little did they expect Bark Mirror Emperor to cut off the feed halfway through the fight.

“Look, it’s Blade River Emperor!”

All the heirs in the square looked towards the portal. A shadow appeared. It was Blade River Emperor.

Luo Feng looked at the heirs in the distance. He saw his teacher True Yan Knight and his friends, including Cha Man Emperor. His voice resounded on the square as he said, “Hi, all. I’ve already finished the battle with Bark Mirror Emperor. Here is a clip of the battle.”

A blurry light shot out from Luo Feng’s wrist guard, and a 3D virtual projection showed up in the sky of the square. The clip began at the point when Bark Mirror Emperor and Blade River Emperor met. The fight was fierce, but Bark Mirror Emperor was completely suppressed. Finally, at the end of the fight, Bark Mirror Emperor blew himself up in order not to be enslaved…

It was a universe knight-level battle, yet both of them were undying! One was a special life form while the other was a timeless and peerless talent of the human race. But, to everyone’s surprise, the result was that the human won, and the special life form was left with no choice but to destroy himself!

“Incredible!”

“He… he died!”

“Self-destruction!”

The heirs were astounded. They had already reasoned that Bark Mirror Emperor must have lost after watching the first half of the battle, but they didn’t expect Bark Mirror Emperor to be so crushed so badly that he died.

The square was filled with a sense of shock. The consensus was that only a universe knight could kill Bark Mirror Emperor. The heirs watched Luo Feng as he walked to where the heirs of Hong Alliance gathered. He sat beside his teacher True Yan Knight.

“Hmm?” Luo Feng glanced around and saw a shadow afar. “Pei Feng Knight.” Luo Feng frowned.

Pei Feng Knight was also watching the video clip. He was visibly terrified to know that Blade River Emperor was making the footage of the battle public. Luo Feng could practically read his thoughts: Is he going to show the footage of him injuring me? Beings like Pei Feng Knight cared about their reputations a lot.

Pei Feng Knight immediately connected to the world of glory with his consciousness.

“All good, all good.” Pei Feng Knight was relieved. “He only showed the footage of the battle between him and Bark Mirror Emperor.”

Pei Feng Knight suddenly turned around. While Luo Feng looked at him, they exchanged eye contact.

Heng! Heng!

Pei Feng Knight’s eyes glinted aggressively. He moved his lips without making a sound, but Luo Feng could tell clearly what he had just said: “Blade River, let’s see who’ll rescue you next time.”

“I’ll defeat you again next time.” Luo Feng also moved his lips without making a sound.

Heng!

Pei Feng Knight vanished.

Luo Feng grinned and looked back at the open air square. All the heirs were amazed by the footage of the battle, and they all recorded it and transferred it back to the powers they belonged to. Likewise, the video was transferred to Hong Alliance and the human race.

If I want to be a supreme being in the universe, I need to be a supreme being within the human race first! thought Luo Feng. Many universe knights within the human race are bitter because I made my settlement on the mountainside of Thunder Island. Words are useless—I need to prove myself with my records! Luo Feng smiled. Universe knights like Nine Blade Knight will get to watch the footage soon.

He made the footage public, as he wanted to prove his power with his record… To prove he could not only rival ordinary universe knights, but that he also killed them!


Chapter 1018: Supreme Council

The mountainside of Thunder Island was boundless. There were only twelve servants in Luo Feng’s palaces, and they were all carefully selected sector lords. During the 80,000 years when Luo Feng had created the ultimate technique Star Map, Luo’s family had developed into a true superfamily with its huge sum of resources. It was a top-tier superfamily in every aspect—members, training system, and a number of great beings… There was even a large group of sector lords!

It was normal to train someone to be a sector lord, and it was easier with adequate sources. “Babata” had been confident that he could raise Luo Feng to be a sector lord, and his resources were nothing compared to what Luo’s family had.

Two sector lords greeted Luo Feng as he walked in the hallway.

“Family master.”

“Family master.”

Their eyes gleamed. As Luo Feng’s descendants, they worshipped him.

“You can walk out first,” Luo Feng said as he quickly walked out of the hallway and arrived at the square in front of the palace, in front of which was a cliff.

“Yes, sir.” The two sector lords walked out.

Luo Feng looked out into the distance. A shadow flew toward him. It was True Yan Knight.

“Teacher!” Luo Feng shouted, smiling.

“Luo Feng.” True Yan Knight landed on a rock.

“Please, teacher, take a seat.” Luo Feng walked along the path beside him.

There were several pavilions on a square made of rocks, including exquisite wooden desks and chairs. They sat face-to-face with each other.

“You came here to pick me up immediately after I sent you an email.” True Yan Knight said, looking pleased. “You’re such a good disciple of mine.”

“I shall respect my teacher,” Luo Feng said.

“Haha! Stop acting.” True Yan Knight laughed. “I know you want to know how other universe knights reacted. Don’t you?”

“You’re so perceptive, teacher,” Luo Feng answered.

It had been two days since he fought Bark Mirror Emperor, and the footage had already spread throughout the human race. Many universe knights had watched the clip. It must have evoked strong reactions, because lots of universe knights had been dissatisfied before. Those same universe knights may have been amazed after watching the clip. Luo Feng felt good just imagining that.

He wanted to see the look on those universe knights’ faces! Luo Feng may not have cared about what ordinary life forms thought, but he did feel accomplished by dumbfounding those universe knights of the human race, many of whom had their own universe countries.

“Haha! I knew it!” True Yan Knight guffawed. “It never rains, but it pours. You never defended yourself when those universe knights were trashing you, yet you showed everyone the footage of you killing Bark Mirror Emperor…”

Luo Feng laughed as well.

“Well, just as you expected, those universe knights were all amazed!” True Yan Knight said, excited. “I don’t know about others, but those same friends who asked me to tell you to leave the mountainside have now apologized to me. They wanted me to tell you how sorry they are.”

“Sorry?” Luo Feng was dazed.

“You proved yourself to have the power of a mid-tier universe knight by killing Bark Mirror Emperor,” True Yan Knight exclaimed with amazement. “You’re so powerful—yet you’re just undying! Those universe knights want to respect you as you’ll definitely be a universe overlord when you become a universe knight someday. No one wants to be your enemy.”

Luo Feng nodded. When you were weak, supreme beings would look down on you. But when you were as strong as they were—or even manifested greater potential—they would apologize and try to befriend you.

“Hmm…” Luo Feng nodded. “I’ve received quite a few congratulatory emails in the past two days, and lots of them came from universe knights.”

Universe knights like Ganwu universe master and Gui Yi Knight, who were already close with Luo Feng, had sent emails to congratulate him immediately. Some universe knights Luo Feng had never met also sent him emails and told him that they would visit him a few days later. Of course, there were some universe knights who couldn’t change their attitude instantly. Those were the ones who voiced their discontent the loudest.

“Meet as many as possible and be friends with them.” True Yan Knight smiled. “I’ll stay here for the next couple of days. Some powerful universe knights won’t take me seriously, but they value you a lot. I’ll take advantage of that.”

“Suit yourself.” Luo Feng smirked. “It’s my honor to be taken advantage of by you.”

Luo Feng’s palaces were alive with activity. Many universe knights had visited his place.

When the news that Luo Feng killed Bark Mirror Emperor was made public, it meant Luo Feng entered a new circle—the circle of universe knights. Great beings valued each other’s power. Though Luo Feng was greatly valued by his own race, the universe knights within his race wouldn’t associate with him voluntarily. To them, Luo Feng was a mere talent, and he was yet to be a great being. Whereas now… Luo Feng was already a great being! And he might get even stronger in the future! It was likely that he would become a pillar of the human race in the future.

“Gu Lun Universe Country Master, Hei Bei Knight, Golden Axe Knight…” Luo Feng muttered, looking around. “So many universe knights and universe country masters! In total, 163 supreme beings have visited here in the past few days.”

“Family master is so mighty.” The two sector lords transmitted their voices. They were exhilarated that they could actually meet those legendary universe country masters and universe knights. These were individuals whom lots of undying fighters would never be able to lay eyes on.

Luo Feng, True Yan Knight, and Nine Flames Universe Master were chatting loudly.

“Hmm?” Luo Feng turned around. A flash of light was flying toward them.

Nine Flames Universe Master also turned around. “Another universe knight?”

A man in a fiery cape appeared. He wore a mystical and alluring smile.

True Yan Knight stood up. “It’s Gui Yi Knight.”

“Gui Yi Knight,” said Nine Flames Universe Country Master, standing up and greeting him.

“Brother.” Luo Feng walked out.

Gui Yi Knight was the second disciple of Primal Chaos City Leader, and he had always served Primal Chaos City Leader. He was definitely one of the closest to Primal Chaos City Leader. His power was legendary; even a tiny portion of it could amaze many. He was the mouth and tongue of Primal Chaos City Leader who relied on him to deliver messages and execute orders!

“So lively here.” Gui Yi Knight looked at Nine Flames Universe Country Master. “Nine Flames Universe Country Maser, I didn’t interject on your conversation, did I?”

“Not at all. Luo Feng, True Yan, and I were just having a casual chat,” Nine Flames Universe Country Master said.

Gui Yi Knight nodded and smiled. “Good. Because I have an important matter.”

“Huh?” Luo Feng looked to Gui Yi Knight.

“Brother,” Gui Yi Knight said. “I’m here at our teacher’s request to tell you that the application for you to join the supreme council of our race has been approved, and from now on, you’ll be qualified to participate in the supreme council.”

“The supreme council?” Luo Feng was thrilled.

He had expected that he would be accepted once he demonstrated his power, but he was still overjoyed. Finally… He was finally admitted into the ranks of the seniors of the human race.

True Yan Knight smiled. “Congratulations, Luo Feng.”

“You two, as teacher and student, got admitted into the supreme council together!” Nine Flames Knight laughed. “It’ll be a wonderful story for our human race to tell.”

Gui Yi Knight continued, “Brother, though you’re qualified to participate in the supreme council, meetings are rarely held. Every time it is held, the council discusses matters that are vital to us humans. However, based on what I know, there will soon be a supreme council meeting. The virtual universe system should send you a notification shortly.”

“Oh?” Expectations flashed in Luo Feng’s eyes. “So soon?”

“Yes.”

Nine Flames Universe Country Master became solemn. “Yes. There shall soon be one. Luo Feng, this supreme council meeting is all-important.”

“What is it about?” Luo Feng couldn’t help asking.

“It will be held very soon, and you’ll learn all the details then,” Nine Flames Universe Country Master said. “Of course, this is only my speculation. It may not be about any specific matter.”

Luo Feng looked at Nine Flames Universe Country Master and Gui Yi Knight, perplexed. True Yan Knight was also confused.

Gui Yi Knight and Nine Flames Universe Country Master left without elaborating on the supreme council meeting of the human race. Luo Feng and True Yan Knight didn’t ask any further questions, as the meeting would be held in the near future.

“A message from the world of glory?” said Luo Feng.

Luo Feng’s consciousness left the virtual universe and connected to the world of glory, where he received quite a few messages instantly. Some of them were from the heirs in the Hong Alliance, while some were from the system of the world of glory.

“Blade River Emperor, you’re an exceptional heir of the Ancestral God School,” said one message. “You’ve proven your power with your records. And your records have attracted the attention of a beast god of the Ancestral God School! In the near future, Thunder Beast God of the Ancestral God School will arrive on Bauhinia Island in the flesh and bestow you a valuable in public.”

Luo Feng was dazed by the message. Thunder Beast God would bestow him a valuable? In public?

“What happened to Zhu Chong Emperor will finally happen to me…” Luo Feng realized. He was thrilled. “I remember that Bark Mirror Emperor wasn’t conferred any true treasures, but Zhu Chong Emperor was bestowed two true treasures. One of the eight beast gods will arrive on Bauhinia Island and give me the valuable personally.”

Luo Feng was both stunned and exhilarated by the news.


Chapter 1019: Weaponize

Inside Luo Feng’s palace on Bauhinia Island.

Knowing that the Ancestral God School was about to publicly bestow him a valuable, Luo Feng stayed on Bauhinia Island and waited patiently.

“Thunder Beast God is going to arrive here himself and bestow you a valuable?” True Yan Knight stood up abruptly and opened his eyes wide. “You’re not kidding, are you?”

“How could I kid about this, teacher?” Luo Feng said. “It’ll happen soon.”

True Yan Knight stroked his hair and walked around the hall. He frowned and murmured, “If one of the eight beast gods actually arrives here himself and puts up such pageantry, he’s at least going to give you a true treasure! But it doesn’t feel right. Though the Ancestral God School is the greatest superpower in the universe, it won’t just throw away a true treasure randomly like that.”

“What do you mean by ‘throw away,’ teacher?” Luo Feng asked, smiling. “Zhu Chong Emperor was bestowed with two true treasures. As for me… It’s okay for me to get at least one, right?”

True Yan Knight shook his head. “You’re not the same as Zhu Chong Emperor.”

“Not the same?” said Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was dazed. He thought the power he manifested was at Zhu Chong Emperor’s level. Besides, both of them were sub-members of the Ancestral God School. What was the difference?

“Zhu Chong Emperor is a special life form,” said True Yan Knight. “He doesn’t belong to any other power, and hence, he belongs to the Ancestral God School completely! Whereas you are firstly a member of Hong Alliance, then a sub-member of the Ancestral God School. Bark Mirror Emperor, who is admitted by the Northern Territory Alliance, was never given any true treasures by the Ancestral God School.”

Luo Feng suddenly understood.

“The Ancestral God School is the greatest power in the universe,” True Yan Knight went on. “Though it doesn’t fight for anything, it doesn’t value the great beings of other powers as much as it does its own members. Bark Mirror Emperor is most loyal to the Northern Territory Alliance. You’re most loyal to the Hong Alliance—the human race. Zhu Chong Emperor didn’t join any other powers, so he is only loyal to Ancestral God School!” True Yan Knight looked at Luo Feng. “I’ve collected information on lots of exceptional heirs, and I found out that only those who are 100 percent loyal to the Ancestral God School can receive the best. If one belongs to another power, he won’t be treated the same as those who show complete loyalty.”

Luo Feng nodded. It made perfect sense.

“If pressed to choose between the Ancestral God School and the human race, there’s no doubt that you’ll stand with the humans,” True Yan Knight said. “That’s why the Ancestral God School won’t grant you much, even if they want you to be part of them. However, they did invite Thunder Beast God to come personally. It would be insulting to him if he gave you a mere treasure. It’s got to be a true treasure!” True Yan Knight paused, then added, “Which baffles me.” Luo Feng nodded. He would stand with the human race without a doubt! As for the Ancestral God School… He was indeed not faithful to it, even after knowing that they would bestow him a valuable. He stood in solidarity with the human race.

“For what it’s worth,” said True Yan Knight, looking at Luo Feng, “apparently, the Ancestral God School highly values you. In light of that, they’re willing to give you a valuable even knowing that you’re with the humans.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Don’t expect too much,” True Yan Knight said. “Although I think it’ll be a true treasure, the Ancestral God School surely won’t be too generous.”

“I’ll just have to wait for it,” Luo Feng said.

Luo Feng looked at True Yan Knight and thought that if the valuable given by the Ancestral God School was not useful to him, he would give it to Teacher True Yan.

Days passed, and Luo Feng continued waiting on Bauhinia Island. While he was waiting, Luo Feng familiarized himself with the valuables he got from Bark Mirror Emperor.

Inside the world ring.

“Haha! The Northern Territory Alliance paid a huge price to rope Bark Mirror Emperor.”

Luo Feng’s original earthling body was wearing golden armor in a bizarre shape. It was covered with weird beast engravings, which did not belong to any one of the beast gods. It was the true treasure armor…

As soon as Luo Feng put it on, the information about the armor was sent to him instantly. The true treasure armor was named Golden King Armor, and it had three forms. The first form could weaken the power of a material attack to one percent of its original power; the second form could weaken the power of a material attack to one-1,000th of its original power; the third form could weaken the power of a material attack to one-10,000th of its original power.

If the armor couldn’t withstand the attack, it wouldn’t be able to effectively weaken the power of the attack, and if the attacking power was too strong, it wouldn’t be able to weaken it at all.

When the user was fighting a universe knight, even the third form of the armor could only weaken the attacking power by half. For universe masters, these ordinary true treasures were not useful at all. As for beings like Zuo Shan Ke, they could destroy an ordinary true treasure easily.

“Those universe masters don’t care much about ordinary true treasures, but they are earnestly desired by universe knights!” Luo Feng studied the ancient armor he wore. “I’m yet to have the power to rival universe masters, so this golden armor… is invaluable.” Luo Feng exclaimed with thrill, “No wonder they all want true treasures!”

He finally understood why Pei Feng Knight had only been injured when his Remote Ocean body exploded in front of him. He had relied on the true treasure armor in its pinnacle form!

I wonder which armor is better, mine or Pei Feng Knight’s, Luo Feng thought. Bark Mirror Emperor was wearing this golden armor. Fortunately, I have the true treasure Star Map, and I combined the power of 520 stars, which multiplied their power. Star Map and the golden armor neutralized each other, and that was how Bark Mirror Emperor died.

Luo Feng looked in the distance and saw a gigantic beast. It was the Golden Horned Beast!

I’ll have the original earthling body wear the golden armor, Luo Feng thought. And when I get the Force Armor in the future, I’ll have the Golden Horned Beast wear it.

The golden armor was different from Force Armor. The golden armor only had defending power, yet the Force Armor could derive soldier armor, general armor, and king armor, which meant Force Armor had enormous godly power!

In Luo Feng’s plan… His original earthling body followed the spiritual force leader path, so he only needed the golden armor. Golden Horned Beast did close-quarters combat, and hence Force Armor could be fully utilized on the Golden Horned Beast.

Luo Feng had acquired quite a few valuables from Bark Mirror Emperor, and two of them suited Luo Feng the best. One was Golden King Armor, and the other was a set treasure called Swallowing Claws. This was comprised of four claw gloves that Bark Mirror Emperor had worn on his claws. Now, Golden Horned Beast wore the set treasure. When he utilized the set, the power of the four gloves would be transferred to one, making its power surge.

Bark Mirror Emperor had some other treasures, but they were useless to Luo Feng. The precious materials used to recover godly bodies were meaningless to Luo Feng, as he had the Remote Ocean.

Luo Feng waited for the arrival of Thunder Beast God while familiarizing himself with the Golden Armor and the Swallowing Claws. Eleven days after he received the email from the Ancestral God School, a terrific power arrived in the sky over Bauhinia Island. The power was so strong that it was superior to that of the guarding beast god on Bauhinia Island. The heirs flew out of their palaces.

“Thunder Beast God is arriving?” True Yan Knight said, flying out immediately.

Island Luo Feng’s palace, Mosha body sat with his legs crossed, and the original earthling body was still familiarizing himself with the Golden Armor. When the power arrived, Mosha body was thrilled. The original earthling body flew out of the world ring.

“He finally came,” said Luo Feng.

He took a deep breath, stepped out of the door, and flew into the sky.

In the sky over Bauhinia Island stood more than 100 million heirs. Luo Feng and True Yan Knight stood side by side with each other.

Hong! Long! Long!

Bolts of lightning filled the sky and covered Five-Colored Aurora Lake.

An enormous shadow was dimming in the lightning. This figure was the source of the power.

Heng!

A loud snort was heard. Power surged, and all the heirs in the sky dove down. Even universe knight heirs couldn’t resist the force. Slowly, the enormous shadow flew down and showed its true face.

He was covered with cyan hair, and each strand of hair looked like a whip of a Thunder God. His three claws seemed to step on and suppress all of space, and his partially opened wing churned the lightning above him.

His most striking features were his eyes. His eyes were like oceans! The eyes of Thunder! Nobody dared exchange eye contact with him. “Majestic,” said Luo Feng. After only a glimpse, he felt that the terrific being in the sky was like a part of universe origin law. “It’s said that becoming a beast god means merging with the law, but the guarding beast god is not as powerful as this. Will becoming an actual beast god change one’s foundation?”

None of the heirs could resist the power. But it wasn’t because of the sheer power; it was the arrival of the universe origin law.

“I am Thunder Beast God.” His sound was like thunder, resounding across the entire Bauhinia Island. “One of the eight beast gods… Heir, Blade River Emperor.”

Intangible power enveloped Luo Feng, and he rose into the sky.

The heirs on the ground looked at Blade River Emperor in shock. Now, they all understood that the arrival of Thunder Beast God was for the human, Blade River Emperor!


Chapter 1020: Turn Back Time

So, this is the control over space and time… thought Luo Feng.

He sensed that the intangible power enveloping him was neither space nor time but a force that was superior to both.

Blade River Emperor rose up gradually. At that moment, he was like the sun coming out, attracting attention from all the heirs.

Thunder Beast God looked down with his eyes of thunder. His eyes glinted with friendliness, and the power enfolding Luo Feng vanished, dazing Luo Feng. Thunder Beast God opened his mouth and started to talk.

“Blade River,” Thunder Beast God said.

Luo Feng gave a salutation in the sky. “Beast God!” he said.

“Your power, your improvement, and your will all satisfy me,” Thunder Beast God said. He looked down and concentrated on Luo Feng. “I’ll bestow you a valuable.”

Hua…

Almost all the heirs down on the ground were thrilled and couldn’t help talking among themselves.

“It’s indeed a public bestowal!”

“Thunder Beast God arrived here himself to bestow a valuable!”

“It has to be a true treasure. Why else would Thunder Beast God be here? Blade River Emperor is so lucky that he’s going to get a true treasure again!”

The heirs were all excited, and Thunder Beast God didn’t stop their discussions. He was happy to see other heirs jealous.

“What’s all the fuss about?” said one heir. “If you could kill Bark Mirror Emperor as an undying fighter, the Ancestral God School would also think highly of you and bestow you with a valuable.”

“Blade River Emperor is at the same level as Zhu Chong Emperor, who was given a valuable in public before.”

“I’ll train myself! Perhaps someday I can have the same treatment.”

Luo Feng couldn’t hear the discussions on the ground. Neither did he want to hear them. He was looking forward to the true treasure with exhilaration.

“Thank you, Beast God!” Luo Feng saluted him.

“Keep up your hard work!” Thunder Beast God’s voice rumbled.

Meanwhile, a gigantic ball of lightning showed up in front of him. The ball had a diameter of tens of thousands of miles, and it flew toward Luo Feng like a meteor.

The lightning vanished as the light ball dove down. When it dropped to Luo Feng, the lightning completely disappeared, leaving only an ancient mirror with a diameter of hundreds of miles. The mirror was round and golden, emitting golden light from its surface. It stopped moving directly in front of Luo Feng.

Luo Feng looked at the giant mirror in front of him, perplexed.

“A mirror?” Luo Feng blinked.

“I believe it will be of good use to you,” Thunder Beast God said, looking down. Each of his eyes was larger than the mirror. “Take it.”

“Yes,” Luo Feng answered respectfully. He stored the ancient mirror in his world ring. As for studying the valuable, Luo Feng decided to do it after the Beast God departed. After all, beast gods were of high status in the Ancestral God School.

Thunder Beast God smiled and said, “Don’t disappoint me, Blade River.”

Hong!

Thunder Beast God disappeared, and so did the intangible power. Everything on Bauhinia Island was back to how it had been, and all the heirs on the ground were quickly engaged in heated discussions about what had just happened. Many heirs of other races rushed to try to talk to Luo Feng.

“Congratulations, Blade River Emperor.”

“Congratulations on getting another true treasure, Blade River Emperor.”

Luo Feng smiled and went back to his palace immediately. He didn’t want to talk to other great beings. This baffled them.

“What is that mirror-like valuable?” asked one heir as Luo Feng left.

“I don’t know,” replied another. “I’ve seen some mirror-type true treasures used to aid illusion attacks.”

“Blade River Emperor is proficient in spiritual force weapons. Why would the Ancestral God School give him a valuable to aid illusion attacks?”

“Don’t make random assumptions. Perhaps only Blade River Emperor knows what it is used for.”

Hustle and bustle filled Bauhinia Island, and the news that Thunder Beast God had arrived on the island and personally bestowed Luo Feng with a valuable had quickly spread. At the same time… Northern Territory Alliance got the news.

A white-haired, four-hoofed being walked into the area and said, “Haha… The Ancestral God School has been using the same techniques since the beginning of the universe. They immediately started to draw Blade River Emperor to their side after seeing how excellent he is. Wu… Pei Feng, did Bark Mirror Emperor come here before?”

“Yes, teacher,” Pei Feng Knight said as he followed him. “Bark Mirror Emperor did come here before, and he stood on the square in front of my palace.”

“When?” the white-haired and four-hoofed being asked.

“Three years ago,” Pei Feng Knight answered.

“Okay.”

The white-haired and four-hoofed being walked slowly through the area and stopped on a square in front of a floating palace. Pei Feng Knight followed respectfully.

“Leave me first, as I’ll turn back time,” the white-haired and four-hoofed being said. “Don’t be in my range.”

“Yes.” Pei Feng Knight’s eyes gleamed.

Pei Feng Knight flew to a distant place like a beam of light and looked toward his teacher, full of expectations. Though he was a universe overlord, he had only witnessed universe masters performing the “Turning Back Time” technique once before. “Turning Back Time” could injure universe masters, and if a universe master was severely injured, enemies could take advantage of the chance to kill him. This was why universe masters preferred to perform it in secret, unless they trusted the witnesses completely or the chance was small that it would backfire.

Howl! Howl! Howl!

The white-haired and four-hoofed being growled and looked around calmly.

Hu! Hu! Hu!

The time in the space around him started to go backward!

It was like a movie being rewound at a rapid rate. Many heirs came here on the square, the all the great beings were flying backward— even speaking backward. Time was quickly being turned backward. It all seemed like a strange illusion.

Sou!

Time suddenly stopped, and so did the scenes before them. Bark Mirror Emperor was talking to Pei Feng Knight in the scene when time had paused.

“That’s me!” Pei Feng Knight said, looking at the paused scene from afar. It was Bark Mirror Emperor standing with him.

Everything was illusory in the space and time affected by “Turning Back Time.” Only the white-haired and four-hoofed being was real. “Bark Mirror Emperor,” said the white-haired and four-hoofed being, looking at Bark Mirror Emperor. “Come, my child!”

The white-haired, four-hoofed being whispered, and an intangible power quickly put Bark Mirror Emperor under its protection.

“Go back.”

Hong!

Everything started to be restored. It was like a coiled spring; at some point, it would spring back!

The universe was able to recover itself, and after a universe master turned back time, the universe would reverse it! Every point in time was in the past for the universe and should not exist at present. The universe would bite back if someone tried to break this rule.

“Ah! Ah!” Bark Mirror Emperor screamed. Ethereal power enveloped him continuously.

The white-haired and four-hoofed being watched calmly. He was protecting Bark Mirror Emperor and transferring the backlash of the universe to himself. He was a universe master, and thus he was strong enough to resist such power.

“Ah! Ah—aah!” Bark Mirror Emperor uttered heart-rending cries, overcome with agony.

The universe kept biting back. The power could easily kill Bark Mirror Emperor! Reversing time and resurrection were against universe law, which would be punished by the universe. However, universe masters volunteered to bear such punishment!

After a short while, everything was back to normal, but Bark Mirror Emperor now stood on the square, looking around in confusion.

“I… What happened?” asked Bark Mirror Emperor.

“Teacher!” Pei Feng Knight said, flying toward Bark Mirror Emperor.

The white-haired and four-hoofed creature nodded and looked at Bark Mirror Emperor. “It’s done,” he said. “Bark Mirror Emperor, you’ve been resurrected. Do not forget that you have died once.”

“I have… died once.” Bark Mirror Emperor was dazed. Suddenly, all the memories flooded his mind. “It was him! It was him! Blade River Emperor!” Bark Mirror Emperor’s eyes glinted with bitterness… and madness. He quickly noticed that something wrong. “My true treasures—where are my true treasures?”

The white-haired and four-hoofed being looked down at Bark Mirror Emperor and said, “Bark Mirror Emperor, my job was only to protect you when I reserved the time. I won’t bring a true treasure back. It would cost more than obtaining ten more new true treasures. I’ll only resurrect you. Those true treasures and ordinary treasures you had are all gone.”

After he was done, he disappeared.

Pei Feng Knight gave a salutation. “Thank you, teacher.”

Chapter 1021

Bark Mirror Emperor saw the giant, white-haired, four-hoofed being leave. He couldn’t help looking at Pei Feng Knight and saying, “Pei Feng Knight, why is Qi Lan Master less powerful?”

“Do you even need to ask?” Pei Feng Knight said, looking at him coldly. “You’re an undying special life form with the power of a universe knight! Resurrecting you is like resurrecting a senior universe knight. My teacher reserved the time to save you, and he bore the entirety of the backlash from the universe. Fortunately, my teacher is a top-tier universe master, which is how he’s able to withstand it. Such backlash power could easily kill a universe overlord, and my teacher needed to resist it all by himself. If even you can sense the change in teacher’s power, teacher was severely injured and will need quite a few valuables to recover.”

Bark Mirror Emperor was dazed. Actually, he had not known that universe overlords could only be revived by universe supreme masters. He only had the power of an ordinary universe knight, but he was undying! That meant reviving him was like reviving senior universe knights, and the universe bit back hard. Even universe masters were injured by it. Beings at Bark Mirror Emperor’s level wouldn’t easily notice it, yet he had this time, which meant Qi Lan Master’s injuries were indeed serious.

Pei Feng Knight looked at him and said, “Northern Territory Alliance thinks highly of your potential, but reversing time to resurrect a great being costs a lot! The backlash power from the universe when resurrecting undying emperors is easily recoverable to universe masters, but resurrecting universe knights will take universe masters a long time to regain their health. You know the rule. This is a free revival. If you die next time, you’ll bear all the costs for your resurrection, and it can’t be afforded by ordinary universe knights.”

“I understand,” Bark Mirror Emperor said in a low voice, clenching his teeth.

“Remember, you’ve died once,” Pei Feng Knight said.

They were in Pei Feng Knight’s palace, which was at the center of the Northern Territory Alliance, resembling the primal region of the human race. That was why Qi Lan Master had been able to resurrect Bark Mirror Emperor without concern.

“Blade River,” Bark Mirror Emperor growled, grinding his teeth harder than ever.

“Just a tip,” said Pei Feng Knight. His eyes glinted with disdain. “Don’t even think about revenge until you become a universe knight.”

Bark Mirror Emperor glanced at Pei Feng Knight fiercely.

“Blade River Emperor is as powerful as a senior universe knight,” said Pei Feng Knight. “Even I was injured by him. Do not seek out Blade River Emperor for the sake of vengeance.”

“What?” Bark Mirror Emperor opened his eyes wide in shock.

“Until you become a universe knight, you cannot even beat him—let alone kill him.” Pei Feng Knight shook his head, took a step forward and returned to his palace.

Bark Mirror Emperor stood on the square with his face twitching.

“Blade River… Blade River!” Bark Mirror Emperor clenched his claws. His face twisted with rage.

While Bark Mirror Emperor privately seethed, Bauhinia Island was a tumult of activity. The heirs were still discussing the arrival of Thunder Beast God. The heirs were all speculating what valuable Blade River Emperor had gotten.

Inside Luo Feng’s palace, Mosha body sat with his legs crossed. His original earthling body was already back in the world ring, testing the new valuable.

On the boundless plain was an ancient mirror with a diameter of hundreds of miles.

Luo Feng stood in front of the mirror and pointed at it. “Life Imprint, sear.”

A trace of godly power flew toward it and merged with the mirror. The life imprint contained in the godly power was seared into the valuable.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

The mirror quickly shrank to the size of his palm. Meanwhile, information flooded Luo Feng’s mind.

“It’s called Golden Thread Aurora Mirror.” Luo Feng looked at the mirror with a thrill. “It’s not a true treasure, but it’s a top-tier treasure. Regardless, it’s more precious than lots of ordinary treasures and would be the envy of any universe knight.”

Luo Feng immediately understood that the Ancestral God School had bestowed him with the most suitable valuable.

There were different categories of valuables, including attacking weapons, spiritual force weapons, defense armors, escape valuables (like wings, boots, and ribbons), sealing types, origin types, flying-palace types, soul types, and domain types.

Original true treasures were used to recover godly bodies. As for surviving, flying-palace types and soul types were the most useful. Both of them could weaken material attacks or soul attacks by almost 100 percent! Sky Wolf Palace and Star Tower were both of the flying-palace type.

Another type of treasure that was the equal of flying-palace type and soul type was the domain type. Thousand Treasures River and Five-Color Aurora Lake were both domain type true treasures. Once they were utilized, they were able to control the area they touched. Within that particular area, the users could suppress enemies who were their equals, and they could bound the enemies who were superior to them, given them the chance to flee. As for enemies who were weaker, true treasures like Thousand Treasure River and Five-Color Aurora Lake could easily kill them.

Domain type true treasures, although they were aids, were quite handy—to say the least!

“A domain type top-tier treasure,” Luo Feng said. He looked at the palm-sized mirror. “Ancestral God School is indeed generous. I’ll be able to control my own fate when fighting supreme beings and decide whether to battle or to flee. Golden Thread Aurora Mirror!”

Luo Feng burst into laughter. He opened his mouth, and Golden Thread Aurora Mirror shrank to the size of the head of a pin and flew into his mouth. It then merged with Luo Feng’s chest and left a golden imprint.

“Drive!”

Luo Feng injected his godly power into Golden Thread Aurora Mirror.

Hong!

Golden threads suddenly emitted from Luo Feng and enveloped the area of 60 million square miles around Luo Feng. Inside the area were countless golden auroras scurrying around like fish! Luo Feng was the center of the area!

“This is my domain!” Luo Feng looked around. “Suppress!”

The golden threads gathered. It might have been able to annihilate an undying emperor easily.

“Godly power, burn!” He drove the law domain again.

Hong!

The golden light pervaded this domain, and the law domain merged with the domain of Golden Thread Aurora Mirror.

“Haha! The Ancestral God School is so considerate,” said Luo Feng. “They know that I became undying after completing gold law comprehension, so they gave me a valuable of the gold category.”

Luo Feng found out that Golden Thread Aurora Mirror’s power surged after gold law domain overlapped Golden Thread Aurora Domain.

“So powerful…!” Luo Feng said. He suddenly felt like he could kill an ordinary universe knight when driving the golden threads with his godly power. “With such a treasure, even if I meet with supreme beings, I can bind them first and run away. If I want to fight, I’ll just let Remote Ocean body approach my enemies and self-destruct. My enemies will be trapped in Golden Thread Aurora Domain, and they’ll be so suppressed that they can’t even run away.”

Luo Feng was overjoyed. This Golden Thread Aurora Mirror was rarer and more precious than ordinary true treasures.

Besides… to great beings, the compatibility of valuables was much more important than the quantity! Apparently, this Golden Thread Aurora Mirror could help Luo Feng’s power move one step forward. It amazed Luo Feng to realize how thoughtful the Ancestral God School had been to give him this valuable.

Ancestral God School, I am first and foremost of the human race, thought Luo Feng. But I’ll be grateful to you for bestowing me with this valuable.

After receiving the Golden Thread Aurora Mirror, Luo Feng studied it every day and tried to combine it with his other true treasures. He pondered the best way to fight.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The door of Luo Feng’s palace on Bauhinia Island was fiercely knocked on.

“Blade River, open the door! Blade River!”

Someone was shouting outside eagerly.

Luo Feng, dressed in black waved, his hand and opened the door, saying, “Come in!”

Without Luo Feng’s permission, even his friends wouldn’t dare trespass in his palace within range of the Five-Color Aurora Lake. Luo Feng saw Cha Man Emperor, Li Li Emperor, and Thousand Rain Emperor rushing in.

“What happened? What’s got you so worried?” Luo Feng smiled. “I’ve never seen you guys like this in all the time we have known each other.”

It was Mosha body who greeted them, and he had different auras from the original earthling body. After all, Mosha body only performed his talent technique “replicate” to replicate the aura of the original earthling body. Which was why Cha Man Emperor, Li Li Emperor, and Thousand Rain Emperor didn’t notice it.

“Luo Feng,” Cha Man Emperor said. “Something has happened.”

“Something really bad,” Li Li Emperor added.

“Blade River,” said Thousand Rain Emperor, “you’re in big trouble this time.”

Luo Feng frowned. “What’s the issue? Don’t worry, just speak slowly.”

“You didn’t go to the world of glory, did you?” Cha Man Emperor said. “That’s why you don’t know yet.”

“Don’t know what?” Luo Feng frowned. “I’ve been in my palace these past few days.”

He had devoted his time to joyfully studying his new Golden Thread Aurora Domain. Besides, he was waiting for the supreme council meeting of the human race. Why would he go to the world of glory? If he did, he would just be surrounded and assailed with questions.

“Just tell me, what happened?” Luo Feng pressed them.

Li Li Emperor and Cha Man Emperor opened their mouths almost at the same time.

“I…”

“You just…”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but cut in. “Li Li Emperor,” he said. “tell me what happened.”

Chapter 1022

Li Li Emperor nodded solemnly and said, “Luo Feng, Bark Mirror Emperor, who was killed by you, has been revived.”

“How do you guys know he was revived? He died once and didn’t have an inheritance token anymore.” Luo Feng smiled. “But, on second thought, he’s an undying special life form, and the Northern Territory Alliance gave him a true treasure before. I already expected he would be resurrected. If you think this is the trouble I’m going to have…”

“No.” Li Li Emperor shook his head.

Thousand Rain Emperor and Cha Man Emperor both looked grave.

“This is what happened,” Li Li Emperor continued. “After being resurrected, Bark Mirror Emperor was asked by other heirs in the Northern Territory Alliance about how he got killed. He tried to defend himself, but what he said got you into big trouble.”

Luo Feng frowned. “What did he say?”

They all looked at him.

“What did he say?” Luo Feng repeated.

“Bark Mirror Emperor said…” Li Li Emperor’s voice started to tremble. “He said the reason why he was crushed by you was that his talent technique was not even able to affect you! His talent technique is soul attack, which is so powerful that it’s able to intimidate many few universe knights. Even if it can’t kill you, it should at least be able to affect you.”

Luo Feng frowned. The reasons behind that were his Tower Pearl and his mighty willpower.

“He also mentioned that he once hunted you in Nine Remoteness Space, and he used his talent technique soul attack at the beginning,” Li Li Emperor said. “You were only a sector lord back then, but you were still able to withstand it. The heirs who talked with Bark Mirror Emperor immediately inferred that you have a soul type true treasure! And Bark Mirror Emperor admitted that.”

“A soul type true treasure!” Thousand Rain Emperor couldn’t help exclaiming. “Material attacks can only annihilate part of the godly body, yet one trace of a soul attack can completely bend a great being’s will. It’s terrific. Soul type true treasures, flying-palace type true treasures, and domain type true treasures are all ranked among the top-tier true treasures, but when it comes to survival, soul type true treasures are definitely the most precious. One soul type true treasure is more desirable than dozens of or even 100 ordinary true treasures. Even many universe overlords don’t have soul type true treasures.”

Luo Feng became anxious. It had been made public!

In the past, he had escaped Bark Mirror Emperor’s pursuit, but he had been afraid that Bark Mirror Emperor would make his secret of soul type true treasures public. And now, his fears had been realized.

“And there’s more,” Li Li Emperor said.

“More?” Luo Feng said.

“Bark Mirror Emperor said that the spiritual force weapon you used to attack him was a true treasure!” said Li Li Emperor. “No great beings doubted him, as they all watched the footage. Bark Mirror Emperor also said that you killed him and got his true treasure armor and top-tier set treasure. Besides, you’ve obtained a valuable in the Land of Valuables, and that was one of the top 108 valuables. Plus, you were just bestowed a valuable by Thunder Beast God.”

Li Li Emperor gazed at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng frowned. “What did he mean by that?”

“He also added that,” Li Li Emperor said, “after being killed by you, a universe overlord in the Northern Territory Alliance tried to get the true treasure armor back, but you took the true treasure and ran away with a true treasure flying palace.”

Luo Feng opened his eyes wide. “What…?”

“Pei Feng Knight rushed to the place where you killed Bark Mirror Emperor, and some supreme beings asked him what happened,” Li Li Emperor continued. “Pei Feng Knight only said that he was stopped by Jiu Feng Knight and got injured, but he didn’t reveal any further details. However, Pei Feng Knight and Jiu Feng Knight left through the portal at different times, and Pei Feng Knight should have had enough time to deal with you. The assumption that you have a flying-palace true treasure is not verified, but it’s suspected. All in all, you’ve had three true treasures, and you’ve got two true treasures from the Ancestral God School and one from Bark Mirror Emperor.”

“Which means,” continued Li Li Emperor, “you must have at least six true treasures. One, presumably, is a soul type true treasure, and another is likely to be a flying-palace type true treasure. Soul type, flying-palace type, and domain type… All of them are earnestly craved by universe overlords. Each is as priceless as dozens or even 100 ordinary true treasures, yet you have two out of three of them! The news has spread through the heirs and will soon spread across the universe! Can you imagine how many supreme beings will have their eyes on you? Perhaps universe masters don’t care about them, but as for universe overlords… They might set a trap to kill you at any time.”

Luo Feng was ghastly pale after hearing it.

Bark Mirror Emperor…! he thought. You are vicious!

He indeed had soul type true treasures, but Bark Mirror Emperor had completely invented the story that he had flying-palace type true treasures.

Ancient Boat Galaxy and Golden Thread Aurora Mirror were indeed of the flying-palace type and domain type, respectively, but they were top-tier treasures—not true treasures! Still, they were more precious and rarer than ordinary true treasures. This proved that flying-palace type true treasures really could make great beings go crazy.

“The news is, Blade River Emperor has six true treasures, and two of them are of soul type and flying-palace type,” Cha Man Emperor said. “Yet you’re only at mid-tier-universe-knight level, if not senior-universe-knight level… Luo Feng, you’re in big trouble this time!”

Cha Man Emperor, Li Li Emperor, and Thousand Rain Emperor left soon after. They gave Luo Feng some video footage before they left. It was the record of Bark Mirror Emperor’s conversation with other great beings in Northern Territory Alliance.

In the footage, Bark Mirror Emperor said, “I have low law comprehension and weak techniques. I’ve always used my secret talent techniques to fight universe knights… He has a soul type true treasure to withstand my talent technique. What could I do about that? I could only wait to be killed.”

“Did you say that he had a flying palace?”

“I was already killed, so I didn’t know about it until I spoke with the universe overlord who went to rescue me.”

Luo Feng glared at Bark Mirror Emperor on the footage.

“Well played, Bark Mirror Emperor… well played!” Luo Feng whispered and went to the open-air square in the world of glory.

The moment Luo Feng stepped into the open-air square, he attracted the attention of all the heirs in the square, all of whom had been talking about him. After all, they could now confirm that Luo Feng had at least six true treasures, including a soul type true treasure. They also speculated that he had a flying-palace type treasure. All of which made the heirs jealous!

Even the universe knights were green with envy. After all, few universe knights had true treasures.

Luo Feng could even feel the disparity between him and the great beings in the Hong Alliance. Apparently, because of their jealousy and greed, their relationship with Luo Feng had changed.

Just as I expected, Luo Feng thought. He took a brief tour and then left the world of glory. Everyone knows about this! All the heirs know, and the superpowers in the universe will probably find out in no time. Is this your revenge, Bark Mirror Emperor?

In the secret region of the Northern Territory Alliance.

On a floating star fragment, many palaces had been built. There were tens of thousands of servants inside.

“Hahaha! This is my revenge!” said Bark Mirror Emperor. “This is my revenge on Blade River!”

Bark Mirror Emperor stayed in his practice room, and his eyes glinted with madness.

“Indeed… I’m not able to kill you myself, human! It might take me an eternity to be able to do that! Unfortunately for you, you have too many valuables for your own good! I don’t need to deal with you myself. Now, there will be universe overlords who come for you! You’re dead! Dead!”

Bark Mirror Emperor laughed out loud.

After he was resurrected, the Northern Territory Alliance had bestowed him with several treasures to protect himself. However, he wouldn’t be granted a true treasure anymore! Plus, when he had applied for a beast god inheritance token, he had been rejected! The senior within the Northern Territory Alliance had told him coldly, “Bark Mirror Emperor, there’s no need going there now, as you can’t receive higher beast god inheritance. Just wait until you become a universe knight… After that, we’ll give you a beast god inheritance token. Don’t even think about that before becoming a universe knight.”

Bark Mirror Emperor left reluctantly, and the senior had added as he left, “A moron who only demands but never contributes…”

Bark Mirror Emperor was infuriated after hearing that! However, the senior was overwhelmingly more powerful than him. Bark Mirror Emperor resented Luo Feng full-heartedly for his misfortunes.

“It’s all because of you!” Bark Mirror Emperor growled, clenching his teeth. “If you didn’t have a soul type true treasure, I could’ve killed you in Nine Remoteness Space and gotten all your valuables. And I would still be the powerful special life form!”

Infuriated by everything that had happened to him, Bark Mirror Emperor had come up with a way to avenge himself. Given that it was almost impossible for him to kill Blade River Emperor, he would let the great beings of the universe go after Blade River Emperor instead!

Inside Luo Feng’s palace on Bauhinia Island.

True Yan Knight went to Luo Feng immediately after hearing the news.

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng!” True Yan Knight called, walking into the hall.

Luo Feng sat in the hall, drinking tea, relaxed.

“You’re in big trouble now! How’re you still drinking tea?” True Yan Knight asked anxiously.

“What trouble?” Luo Feng said. He took a casual sip with a smile on his face. “Just because I have too many true treasures?”

“So you’ve heard the news?” True Yan Knight was astounded and sat down calmly.

“I’ll deal with anyone who comes for me,” Luo Feng said, drinking his tea with a smile on his face. “All the great beings of other races will only be my practice targets.” He smirked. “I’ll kill all of them who come for me.”

“What if you can’t kill them?” True Yan Knight asked.

“Then I’ll flee.” Luo Feng sipped his tea again and put down the teacup. “But relax, there will be fewer and fewer great beings who are able to force me to flee.”

True Yan Knight could sense the unrelenting determination and confidence in Luo Feng’s words! He could even sense that Luo Feng was already prepared for endless fights and slaughters!

“Beware,” True Yan Knight said.

Luo Feng replied, “The path to becoming a supreme being is paved in enemies’ blood and bones.”

Luo Feng frowned. He had just received an email in the virtual universe telling him to attend the supreme council meeting.

True Yan Knight was startled. “The meeting is today?”


Chapter 1023: Supreme Council Meeting

Luo Feng and True Yan Knight exchanged eye contact; they had both received the email from the virtual universe system at the same time.

“I’ve never been to a supreme council meeting,” True Yan Knight said.

“Same.” Luo Feng smiled. “Let’s go!”

They both connected to the virtual universe with their minds.

“Go to Pantheon Mountain,” Luo Feng whispered in his palace.

Pantheon Sanctuary on Pantheon Mountain was where the supreme council meeting was held.

Since the supreme council meeting was being held today, Pantheon Mountain would open automatically when the virtual universe system sent the notifications through email. It was, however, normally closed.

Clouds surrounded the mountains. One great being showed up after another, including Luo Feng and True Yan Knight. Some universe knights greeted Luo Feng warmly when he showed up.

“Blade River.”

“Luo Feng.”

“Luo Feng.”

“Nine Flames, Thunder.” Luo Feng greeted them one by one. He was close with quite a few human universe knights.

“Luo Feng, Bark Mirror Emperor has brought you lots of trouble after being revived,” a winged man said with a smile. “A soul type true treasure and a flying palace type true treasure… Perhaps they will attract lots of universe overlords of other races. You need to be careful in the future.”

Luo Feng said, “It is indeed a bit tricky, but if those other races want to kill me, they need to decide whether they’re powerful enough to do that or not. They’ll stay away unless they want to be killed by me.”

The winged man held the wineglass. “It’s a wonder you’re able to remain calm even under such circumstances. It’s clear to see where Blade River gets his reputation!”

“Stop making fun of me, Bloody Wing.” Luo Feng smiled and shook his head.

Although Luo Feng had met quite a few universe knights, most of them were only acquaintances. Only a few of them were his actual friends. Bloody Wing Knight was one of them! Bloody Wing Knight was known for his aloofness, but Luo Feng and Bloody Wing Knight enjoyed each other’s company.

“To be honest,” Bloody Wing Knight said, lowering his voice, “the news revealed by Bark Mirror Emperor was indeed surprising. If I belonged to the other races, I would try to attack you.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Look around!” Bloody Wing Knight said.

Luo Feng glanced around and saw more than 1,000 universe knights nearby, and there were more in the distance. Some of those he didn’t know looked at him significantly—as if they had been talking about him. However, Luo Feng couldn’t hear the others’ conversations, just as the others couldn’t hear his conversation with Bloody Wing Knight.

“I bet many universe knights are talking about you,” Bloody Wing Knight said. “Especially those you don’t know. Many of them are jealous of you.”

“Jealous?” Luo Feng was surprised.

“There are two groups of beings on Pantheon Mountain,” Bloody Wing Knight explained. “One is here, and those who gather here are four-starred, five-starred and six-starred great beings. They have the power of ‘elementary universe knights,’ ‘secondary universe knights,’ and ‘senior universe knights,’ respectively. The other place is where the seven-starred overlords and universe masters gather.”

Luo Feng nodded. Indeed, he didn’t see any universe overlord around him.

“The most powerful ones gathering here are at my level, senior universe knights,” Bloody Wing Knight continued. “Few senior universe knights have a true treasure, whereas secondary universe knights and elementary universe knights don’t have any. Usually, universe overlords have several true treasures. As for you, Luo Feng… You’re indeed exceptional, but you still can’t compare with universe overlords! Yet you have six true treasures! And two of them are soul type and flying palace type. That’s excessive even for universe overlords. How could the universe knights here not be jealous of you?” Bloody Wing Knight smiled. “Even I am a bit jealous.”

Luo Feng laughed.

“Of course, they’re humans, so nobody will attack you,” Bloody Wing Knight said. “However, those universe knights who don’t know you might try to exclude you out of jealousy.”

“Exclude me?” Luo Feng whispered.

“Because they’re bitter,” Bloody Wing Knight said.

“Then I’ll convince them with my power,” Luo Feng said. “If I can rival universe overlords or even surpass universe overlords in the future, they’ll have to respect me.”

“Then you need to become a universe knight.” Bloody Wing Knight smiled.

Luo Feng gazed into the distance.

The great beings from the Huge Axe Dojo, the Universe First Bank, the Universe Star River Bank, and the Universe Mercenary Alliance were all talking about this issue with their friends.

“At least six true treasures!”

“Luo Feng didn’t have the valuable or the treasure bestowed by Thunder Beast God when he was being hunted by Bark Mirror Emperor in Nine Remoteness Space! However, he already had three true treasures. In particular, that soul type true treasure… He was only a sector lord back then. How was he able to obtain a true treasure? It had to be given to him by a great being!”

“Yes, Primal Chaos City Leader favors him too much!”

“How could he just give a soul type true treasure to a sector lord? We universe knights don’t even have ordinary true treasures, whereas he could get a soul type true treasure as only a sector lord.” The more they talked about it, the more unfair they thought it was! Why…? Why would a sector lord be qualified to have three true treasures? Especially a soul type true treasure! Lots of universe overlords within the human race didn’t have soul type true treasures!

Even if Primal Chaos City Leader had treasures, he shouldn’t have just given them all away! It couldn’t convince anyone!

Although they were upset, none of them dared to talk about it with Primal Chaos City Leader. After all, he was the supreme leader of the Virtual Universe Company! They were not entitled to pick a fight with him.

Time passed, and more and more universe knights gathered on Pantheon Mountain. The supreme council meeting was about to be held.

“Luo Feng.” True Yan Knight walked towards Luo Feng.

Luo Feng turned around. “Teacher.”

True Yan Knight blocked the sound around them and said, “It seems that lots of universe knights are upset about you obtaining three true treasures when you were only a sector lord, especially the soul type true treasure… Many of them think that Primal Chaos City Leader has been unfair. Do you think you ought to go to Primal Chaos City Leader and tell him about this?”

“Three true treasures when I was a sector lord? Unfair?” Luo Feng didn’t even know how to react.

Primal Chaos City Leader had only given him one true treasure: Shi Wu Wing! Both Star Map and Tower Pearl had been given to him by Zuo Shan Ke. Especially the soul type true treasure Tower Pearl—it was a vital component of Star Tower, the center of the sealed space. It had nothing to the human race.

“Well…” Luo Feng hesitated.

He didn’t know what to say. Surely he couldn’t say that it was given to him by Zuo Shan Ke.

“I’ll think of something,” Luo Feng said, shaking his head. “It doesn’t matter that they’re talking about this. I can’t expect to be close with all the great beings. Some of them are my friends, some of them are jealous, and some of them are my foes! It doesn’t matter.”

“It doesn’t matter to you,” True Yan Knight said. “However, it will affect Primal Chaos City Leader’s reputation.”

“Even if Primal Chaos City Leader did bestow me a valuable,” said Luo Feng, “he gave me his own valuables instead of using the shared resources of the human race. He can do whatever he wants with them. Just let the others be jealous.” Luo Feng smirked. “Besides, Primal Chaos City Leader earned his status by his invincible power.”

Primal Chaos City Leader was invincible in the primal universe! With this advantage… no matter how biased people thought he was, nothing could sway his status.

The issue was that Primal Chaos City Leader had been fair and just. Reckless universe masters didn’t draw any complaints—even when they did something preposterous—but many great beings would be upset if they thought Primal Chaos City Leader was biased.

More and more great beings gathered on Pantheon Mountain.

Hong!

All the universe knights looked up and saw two golden doors open gradually. There were stars on the doors, and the location of the meeting was in the floating palace on Pantheon Mountain known as Pantheon Sanctuary.

A voice resounded down the mountain. “Human great beings, gather!”

Hu!

All the universe knights on Pantheon Mountain disappeared and were transported to Pantheon Sanctuary.

“Hong! Long! Long!

The doors closed.

Inside Pantheon Sanctuary stood a gigantic round table with exquisite sculptures on it. Luo Feng could only see a portion of the table while the other part was blurry, as if it were surrounded by mist.

Luo Feng sat on one of the thrones surrounding the round table.

“Huh?” Luo Feng touched the arms of the chair and turned around. He saw the words “Blade River” etched on the chair. He looked around. “So many universe knights…”

There were many universe knights sitting at the bottom, and they were all elementary universe knights. They had the smallest thrones, and each was around six feet wide! The thrones of secondary universe knights were around 30 feet wide. Those of senior universe knights were around 160 feet wide.

Luo Feng sat on a 30-foot-wide one. He was only able to see elementary universe knights, secondary universe knights, and senior universe knights. As for universe overlords and universe masters, he couldn’t see them at all.

Luo Feng stroked the throne and exclaimed, “The throne fits my godly body perfectly!” His hands fit on the chair’s arms precisely.


Chapter 1024: The Original Star

Densely surrounding the gigantic, round table, the numerous thrones were divided into five different classes: six feet wide, 30 feet wide, 160 feet wide, 650 feet wide, and 3,200 feet wide. All the great beings had thrones that fit their godly bodies perfectly. Among them, some universe overlords, like the Heaven Erosion Palace Lord, Jiu Feng Knight, and Undying Knight, were seated on the 650-foot-wide thrones.

And at the top… on towering thrones way high up, many universe masters were seated at the highest tier where they looked down at all the other human great beings. They were super beings from the five forces of the human race.

All of the towering, 3,200-foot-wide thrones were made of dazzling gold except the two towering ones right in the middle, which were black and emanated an air of power. One of the two black thrones had a faint sculpture of a huge axe. Seated on this throne was a giant with thick fingers and messy, long hair that made him look like a barbarian. The black throne next to him was empty. No one occupied that seat. The other golden thrones were filled by towering figures.

“Primal Chaos City Leader,” the barbaric giant said, looking to the golden throne on his left where Primal Chaos City Leader sat. He said with a smile, “You are very biased towards Luo Feng. This appears to have brought about much discontent from many universe knights. They are discontented, and I am not surprised. A soul type true treasure! Primal Chaos City Leader, your disciple, Gui Yi… he also has power that matches a universe overlord, and he always stays by your side, yet he does not seem to own a soul type true treasure. He hasn’t gotten one, and Luo Feng received one way back when he was merely a sector lord… I’m afraid Gui Yi Knight would somehow find it unfair.”

“Discontented my foot!” someone shouted.

All at once, voices could be heard from the dozens of thrones that were enshrouded by a foggy mist.

A soul-piercing cold permeated the air. “To bestow them with valuables is showing them kindness! Not giving them any valuable is just a matter of due course. Want a true treasure? They can fight with each other! Primal Chaos City Leader can choose to bestow a soul type true treasure to whomever he decides. No one else has the right to say anything more.”

“If you ask me, I think we should mete out punishment to one as a deterrent to the rest. The one who rejoices the most ought to be put behind bars in the prison of the primal universe.”

“That is too much. We should never subject ourselves to the discussions of the knights down there. They did not rob nor kill. They have done nothing to deserve being sent to prison.”

“Everyone!” said Primal Chaos City Leader. Seated on his golden throne, he flashed a smile. “I may be extremely fond of this disciple, but the way I work is clear to everyone. I would never bestow upon Luo Feng a soul type true treasure when he was a mere sector lord.”

The other universe masters, including the giant on the black throne, looked over.

It was true. Primal Chaos City Leader was known for being a most impartial and authoritative leader. After all, to attain such a great existence as that of a universe master truly required one to have the patience to manage all matters and to plan and make arrangements for unexpected events of the race.

There were many universe masters who simply could not be bothered with such matters. However, Primal Chaos City Leader had the patience! And he had always been much respected.

“When Luo Feng was a sector lord, he had three true treasures,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Only the Shi Wu Wings were bestowed by me. The other two… came from my disciple’s miraculous encounters in which Lady Luck smiled upon him.”

“Ah?”

“He got the true treasures by himself?”

“Those true treasures are not common; they are not easily obtainable, even if one meets with miracles. They are usually left behind by super beings on purpose, for their successors.”

“We should not be bothered about which super beings… Anyway, it is a good thing when these true treasures fall into the hands of us humans.”

“Hahaha! Correct! Regardless of who left the treasures behind for their successors, they belong to Luo Feng… No matter what, priority should always be given to the human. Thereafter, we can look into the roots of these true treasures.”

“No wonder… I was not convinced when I heard that Primal Chaos City Leader bestowed three true treasures on Luo Feng. Primal Chaos City Leader is not one of such a character. Now I see why this situation made no sense to me.”

The words echoed from the dozens of thrones, everyone trying to be heard at once.

“The other knights are waiting, so let us commence the meeting,” said the barbaric giant sitting on the black throne with a faint sculpture of an axe. He looked to his left and said to Primal Chaos City Leader, “Primal Chaos City Leader, you should chair the meeting.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded.

On the thousands of thrones crowded together, Luo Feng conversed with the other universe knights next to him and soon discovered some basic information.

The thrones in the Pantheon Sanctuary were divided into five classes. One would only be able to see the great beings who were a class higher than oneself. As for conversing… one could initiate a conversation with someone from the same class or someone from a lower class. Therefore, Luo Feng could only converse with four-starred great beings (elementary universe knights) and five-starred universe knights (secondary universe knights). As for elementary universe knights from the lower class, they were only able to converse with other elementary universe knights.

“Everyone!” a kind and powerful voice announced.

Pantheon Sanctuary fell into silence within an instant. The moment Luo Feng heard the voice, he knew it was his teacher, Primal Chaos City Leader.

“A supreme council meeting is convened every time a vital matter major enough to affect the entire race occurs,” Primal Chaos City Leader’s powerful voice resounded throughout Pantheon Sanctuary. No one dared interrupt. “This time, the supreme council meeting is convened because… the Original Star is about to open.”

Almost all the universe knights registered shocked expressions.

“The Original Star is about to open?” a few of them murmured.

“The Original Star is the center of our vast universe—the territory that billions of races fight for,” continued Primal Chaos City Leader. “This opening will not be an exception. If you want to obtain a true treasure, if you want to make a big contribution to your race, your opportunity is here! Here’s some detailed information. Let’s all take a look first.”

Directly in front of the densely populated thrones where many great beings were seated, a screen showed up. A set of detailed descriptions appeared on the screen.

Luo Feng fixed his attention on the screen before him. The very center of the entire universe was none other than the Land of Origin, yet for countless years—except for the conscious mind’s occasional arrival in the Land of Origin—no other great being was able to reach the Land of Origin in person. It was as though the place was imaginary, yet the Original Star truly existed.

Altogether, there were 10,081 of them! According to the information handed out since the birth of the universe, these 10,081 original stars revolved around the Land of Origin. It was said to be located closest place to the Land of Origin in the entire universe.

These 10,081 original stars were full of valuables but also fraught with danger. There were 10,081 paths leading to the original stars, yet those thousands of paths were usually closed. But, after a long period of time, the way would open once. Every time, the way to the Original Star would be kept open for 1,000 eras. After 1,000 eras, the star would shut… All great beings who had entered needed to make their way out before it shut, or else they would be killed! Utilizing a clone or another body was not good enough—many of these survival techniques had proven futile. If one did not leave the Original Star when the path was shut, death was inevitable. No exceptions whatsoever!

This was the most mysterious place in the universe. No other place could compare to it.

Not only were there treasures to be found in those 10,081 stars, but true treasures also appeared frequently. Super-beings of the billions of races on the universe had engaged in epic battles for such treasures. Each race fought to claim these valuables as their own! Every time a star opened, it meant there would be universe masters being killed from within.

It was all very bloody and cruel, yet the potential for these treasures drove countless great beings crazy for the opportunity! Such was the nature of the Original Star—the place that was closest to the Land of Origin of the universe.

“Contribution, eh?” muttered Luo Feng as he looked to the bottom for another set of descriptions.

The valuables obtained from the original stars, if obtained alone, could be kept as one’s own. If you had no need for the valuable you obtained, you could offer it to the race in exchange for a “Contribution.”

The way races grew more powerful was dependent on the Contributions offered by numerous great beings. In this case, a Contribution could be used to exchange for other valuables.

Luo Feng looked through the sets of information. One was related to information on the Original Star, the other was related to the detailed elaboration of Contributions. It was obvious that only newcomers like Luo Feng and True Yan Knight, who were attending the supreme council for the first time, would receive this second set of information containing detailed elaboration on “Contributions.” This description read:

“Within the race, there are two kinds of humans. The first kind consists of those who enjoy the resources. The second kind is made up of those who contribute these resources. Ordinary humans and undying spirits are the ones who enjoy the resources. For instance, ordinary humans can enjoy peace and stability, while undying spirits who showed outstanding performance can receive the guidance and advice of supreme beings—or even have valuables bestowed upon them. They are the ones who enjoy the resources! Once one crosses over to become a universe great being, they are admitted to the supreme council. That would mean… you have become a core member of the human race.”

“The human race requires the contribution of true great beings like yourself. Only through your contributions can there be billions of humans, generations of geniuses and immeasurable amounts of resources to use.”

“All of you risk your lives to fight for valuable resources to offer your race. All of these will be officially recorded as ‘Contributions.’ You can make use of these Contributions in exchange for all the valuable resources you need.”

“Blade River Emperor Luo Feng, when you joined the supreme council, you abandoned your previous status as a ‘talent’ and will now be entitled to a generous quota of resources. From this moment on, you are one of the supreme beings among us humans. You are perfectly capable enough to contribute greatly to our human race, and can make use of your Contributions to exchange for the resources and valuables you need.”

“Contributions?” Luo Feng said softly.

Of course, he thought. In everyone in a race of beings wanted only to receive benefits—if everyone expected the race to bestow resources to them—then who would be contributing?

Luo Feng understood now. It was the equivalent of a tribal community. The men were expected to head out and hunt for food while the women would plant crops for harvesting, and the children would enjoy the fruits of the adults’ labor. Within a race, the supreme beings contributed so that the talents, the weaker ones, and the ordinary humans, could enjoy the resources.

Only after you cross over to become one of the universe great beings can you start to contribute to the race! realized Luo Feng.

“Very well,” Luo Feng said softly. “This is quite good, actually, as it is meaningless to always be taking advantage… The Original Star?” His eyes were sparkling. “The universe is simply amazing. Prior to this, I was unaware of such a place. 10,081 original stars. The mysterious place that is closest to the Land of Origin of the universe.”

While all the supreme beings of the human race at the supreme council were still in shock, Primal Chaos City Leader finally spoke again.

“The opening of the Original Star is still a whole ten years away,” he said. “In the coming decade, everyone should start preparing. For instance, you could form small teams with a few other great beings, where your skills complement one another. Or you could borrow valuables from great beings who are unwilling to enter the Original Star… All preparations must be done within the decade. Ten years from now, we humans shall enter the Original Star.”


Chapter 1025: Great Beings Come

“In ten years, us humans will enter the Original Star!” The supreme council meeting ended after the calm voice from Primal Chaos City Leader.

Hong! Long! Long!

The door of Pantheon Sanctuary opened, and almost all the universe knights stood up.

“So soon?” Luo Feng and True Yan Knight also stood along with the others. The universe knights all walked to the golden door of the sanctuary, chatting and laughing. They stepped through the door and disappeared.

“What’re you guys waiting for?” Bloody Wing Knight walked towards them.

“How short the meeting was!” Luo Feng smiled.

Bloody Wing Knight explained, “I was also surprised at that the first time I attended the supreme council meeting. However, I grew to understand later that it takes a long time for an issue to come up that actually affects us humans! Besides, more than half of the supreme council meetings involve no discussions, and only universe masters need to know! Only those that require voting take a long time. After all, those superior universe masters don’t have time to elaborate on the issue for us.”

Luo Feng nodded. It was indeed efficient. Primal Chaos City Leader hadn’t talked much. Instead, he had only mentioned the Original Star. Then the screens showed up in front of the universe knights, which gave a detailed description.

“Let’s go,” Bloody Wing Knight said.

“Okay.”

Luo Feng, True Yan Knight, and Bloody Wing Knight stepped into the golden door side by side. Nearby, some universe knights were talking quietly.

“Look, it’s Blade River Emperor.”

“Rumor has it that Blade River Emperor has at least six true treasures.”

“Though he was able to kill Bark Mirror Emperor and thus is ranked among the exceptional undying fighters, he is, at most, a secondary universe knight power-wise. He’ll become the perfect target for supreme beings of other races on the Original Star.”

“Yes! He has at least six true treasures, and two of them are of the soul type and the flying-palace type… He’d just be a moving treasury on the Original Star! There are always supreme beings from billions of races on the original stars. The universe masters of other races will probably attack Blade River Emperor on sight.”

“Universe overlords and universe masters of other races will definitely attack him.”

“What are you thinking? The weaker universe knights never choose to go when the original stars are open. Blade River Emperor is not stupid. Those other races can’t do anything about him as long as he doesn’t go.”

They also stepped into the golden door and disappeared.

On the mountainside of Thunder Island.

Luo Feng, Bloody Wing Knight, and True Yan Knight sat together and talking about the original star… To be precise, it was Bloody Wing Knight who did the talking while Luo Feng and True Yan Knight listened to him carefully.

“There are 10,081 original stars, and each of them is full of valuables,” Bloody Knight said. “Many superpowers in the universe gather there often. Those treasures or ordinary true treasures won’t result in any significant fighting, whereas there will surely be horrifying battles for some precious true treasures—like those of the flying-palace type, domain type, and soul type, or even senior true treasures or top-tier true treasures. The more precious the true treasures are, the more attention will be drawn, and universe masters will fight to the death for them. Every time an original star opens, universe masters get killed!”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but interject. “Many universe masters have survival techniques like clone techniques. Those without clone techniques won’t go to the original stars in the first place, right?”

“This is where you’re wrong.” Bloody Wing Knight shook his head. “There are only a few universe masters. A race is qualified to be a powerful race as long as there’s one universe master among them! Even we humans, one of the pinnacle races, count just a few universe masters among our ranks. Few universe masters fear death. Although they’re careful, the opening of original stars is a great chance for them to get top-tier true treasures, and they’ll strive not to miss such an opportunity. If they can get some top-tier true treasures and even pinnacle true treasures, they can roam the universe with few enemies.”

Luo Feng nodded. He understood how useful true treasures were. For instance, Thousand Treasures River gave Primal Chaos City Leader significant power, and he had been able to easily overpower Master of Sky Wolf, even with Sky Wolf Palace.

The Purple Knight was one of the 72 deified generals, and he was much stronger than candidate deified generals like Pei Feng Knight and Jiu Feng Knight. He actually had the power of a universe master! Yet Master of Sky Wolf had been able to easily suppress him with his Sky Wolf Palace.

“I’ve been there once, and I almost got killed,” said Bloody Wing Knight.

But just when Bloody Wing Knight was describing his experience on the Original Star, a shadow flew toward them.

“Luo Feng!”

Luo Feng turned around. Nine Blade Knight? he thought.

Luo Feng was dazed. After becoming undying, many universe knights had traveled to congratulate him, but Nine Blade River hadn’t been one of them. Luo Feng knew that he was supposed to be beneath him, which was probably why Nine Blade River was reluctant to do so. His pride was too great.

“Nine Blade Knight,” Luo Feng greeted him, smiling.

“Luo Feng.” Nine Blade River also had a warm smile on his face. He glanced at True Yan Knight and Bloody Wing Knight beside him and added, “And I see you two are also here.”

“Hahaha! Nine Blade… Are you here to borrow a true treasure?” Bloody Wing Knight said.

Nine Blade Knight froze a bit. Indeed, he was here to borrow a true treasure. After all, among the humans, only senior universe knights or universe overlords had true treasures. However, these supreme beings would normally go to the original stars. Few who had true treasures chose not to go. By all accounts, it was likely that Luo Feng would choose not to go, despite the fact that had at least six true treasures.

There are no grudges between Luo Feng and me, he thought. Instead, we’ve known each other for a long time. I can easily become friends with him if I show him some respect. Besides, if I have a true treasure, I have a much higher chance of getting valuables on the Original Star. I just need to show some respect.

Thus, after some consideration, Nine Blade Knight had made the decision to come to Luo Feng. Power was the only thing that mattered on the path to becoming a great being. Other great beings would respect you only if you were strong!

“Luo Feng, I’m indeed here to borrow a true treasure from you,” admitted Nine Blade Knight. “I’m good at close combat, so I want to borrow your true treasure armor.” He knew that it was impossible for him to borrow the soul type true treasure.

“Borrow a true treasure?” Luo Feng was dazed.

“I realize it might sound a bit ridiculous.” Nine Blade Knight smiled. “I’ll return you the armor the moment I leave the Original Star, and I’ll give you ten treasures to show my gratitude. We can ask the virtual universe to verify the lending and sign a contract. If I don’t return it to you, it would be as good as betraying my race.”

Luo Feng hesitated a bit. Would it be a bit disgraceful if he just said no?

“Nine Blade Knight,” Luo Feng said. “I… I’m sorry, but…”

Nine Blade Knight immediately understood that he had failed, but he persisted. “Luo Feng, the Original Star will be open for 1,000 eras, and I can get out of there at any time. Once I get a valuable, I’ll leave immediately. I might just stay there for hundreds of, if not 1,000 years.”

“It’s not that I don’t want to lend it to you,” Luo Feng said, “but I actually plan to go to the Original Star myself.”

Nine Blade Knight didn’t know what to say.

Since Luo Feng wanted to go to the Original Star himself, he surely wanted to be as powerful as possible.

“Haha! Well then!” Bloody Wing Knight laughed. “Nine Blade, I was actually here to borrow a true treasure from Luo Feng as well, but I didn’t expect you to have the same idea… Now that I know Luo Feng wants to go to the Original Star, however, I needn’t ask anymore. I must thank you, Nine Blade.”

Nine Blade Knight smiled as well. He thanked Bloody Wing Knight secretly; his words had eased the awkwardness of the situation.

Nine Blade Knight left soon, but after only a short while, another great being arrived to borrow true treasures…

“Second brother,” Luo Feng greeted him.

A bold man in a fiery cape flew towards him. It was Gui Yi Knight. He had been with Primal Chaos City Leader until now.

“Luo Feng, I think you’ve already figured out why I’m here.” Gui Yi Knight stepped on the ground and looked at Luo Feng. “I’m here because I want to borrow that soul type true treasure from you. I speculate that you’re not going to the Original Star, and that’s why I’m here! After getting out of the Original Star, I’ll return the soul type true treasure immediately and compensate you with three true treasures.”

Three true treasures? Luo Feng was shocked. Many universe overlords didn’t have that many true treasures. Pei Feng Knight, for instance, only had four. Gui Yi Knight spent a lot of time around Primal Chaos City Leader, Perhaps that was how he got more true treasures. Still, three true treasures was an exceedingly generous offer.

“Second brother,” Luo Feng said. “Your offer is indeed tempting, but the thing is, I want to go to the Original Star myself.”

“Luo Feng,” Gui Yi Knight said, startled, “you also want to go?

Luo Feng nodded. “Yes.”

“Don’t you know how dangerous it is there?” Gui Yi Knight said. “Ordinary universe knights are unlikely to attain any true treasures. Even if you were a universe overlord, you wouldn’t be able to get three true treasures if you didn’t have enough to protect yourself.”

Luo Feng understood his logic. Gui Yi Knight was implying that it was a better deal for him to get three true treasures for lending him one soul type true treasure, since even many universe overlords weren’t able to get three ordinary true treasures. Luo Feng felt conflicted…

Second brother, he thought, you don’t know that my soul type true treasure is Tower Pearl and that it already recognizes me as its master. Universe knights would certainly be killed if they tried to merge it with their souls.

“I’d still like to take my chances there,” Luo Feng said.

“Okay,” Gui Yi Knight said. He nodded and smiled. “Then I’ll leave first. Looks like I’ll need to find another way to borrow true treasures.”


Chapter 1026: Going to the Yan Shen Race

Luo Feng watched the departing Gui Yi Knight and felt a little regret. He simply could not comply this time, and while things might not seem any different on the outside, there was bound to be a knot formed in their hearts.

“What a pity,” Luo Feng said quietly. “My soul type true treasure, Tower Pearl, is one of the treasures from the Star Tower and already recognizes me as its master. Universe knights who try to merge with it will die! If it was an ordinary soul type true treasure, temporarily loaning it to Gui Yi Knight wouldn’t be a big deal. Anyway, the Original Star opens for 1,000 eras. I can also wait for a few hundred eras. My power is bound to get much stronger. Who knows? I might even become a universe knight.”

“Luo Feng.” Bloody Wing Knight walked over. “I think, you should lend it to Gui Yi Knight. Gui Yi Knight is of a different status. It is not easy for him to make such a request.”

“Haha! That goes without saying.” Luo Feng laughed and shook his head.

It wasn’t because he did not want to him lend the treasure. He couldn’t.

“It’s up to you,” Bloody Wing Knight said good-naturedly. “You are quite ambitious.”

“Well, I would like to give it a shot,” Luo Feng replied.

Indeed, Luo Feng wanted to experience what it was like on the mysterious Original Star. But he knew his power still did not make the grade.

Time flew by, and many universe knights approached Luo Feng, wanting to borrow his true treasures. Naturally, most great beings would think that Luo Feng would not want to enter the Original Star. Yet, they all were met with rejection.

Of those who approached Luo Feng, some were friends, some were close acquaintances, and others were complete strangers.

News of how the earliest batch of universe knights was rejected when they went to Luo Feng to borrow his true treasures spread fast. Almost all the universe knights came to learn of it. Blade River Emperor Luo Feng actually wanted to venture into the Original Star, and anyone who wanted to borrow his true treasures could banish all thoughts of it. Conversations on the topic were common.

“Luo Feng wants to enter the original star?”

“He is merely an undying fighter. Although he is said to be impressive, he is still just a secondary universe knight… Yet he owns so many true treasures. In the Original Star, he will be a walking treasury! Any supreme beings from the other races will attack him as soon as they meet him. Isn’t he courting his doom?”

“If he wants to die, what do you care?”

“Going into the Original Star at that level is purely suicidal!”

“Let’s see what his end shall be when he enters the Original Star.”

“It is okay for him to die. But if he dies, the true treasures will land in the hands of the other races. That will be a loss for our entire race —a most egregious sin!”

“Fret not. He will not die so easily. Primal Chaos City Leader values him a lot. He will help him. Who knows? Primal Chaos City Leader may even arrange for two other universe overlords to form a team with him…”

There was indeed quite a crowd of universe knights who either found Luo Feng’s very presence an eyesore or were jealous of him. These universe knights were always fighting hard to obtain valuables to offer their race so they could earn Contributions in exchange for valuables and resources they needed for themselves. Yet, as a sector lord, Luo Feng could obtain soul type true treasures… Of course, this would cause the other universe knights to develop a great deal of resentment, discontent, and even hostility toward him.

Many universe knights were just waiting to watch Luo Feng make a fool of himself. He had to be kidding!

What kind of a place was the Original Star? It was a realm where universe masters and universe overlords ran rampant, where senior universe knights were commonly seen… and even senior universe knights would usually form teams to survive there. The power of any team, regardless of size, could not be belittled, so how could Luo Feng, who was only undying, overcome such odds?

Even if he was blessed with a special life form—even if he was blessed with special techniques or even the most powerful valuables —he did not stand a chance! He was “undying,” which meant his fate was predetermined, and he could never create miracles on that Original Star.

In the virtual universe, on the mountainside of Thunder Island. Disciple and teacher, Luo Feng and True Yan Knight, met up.

“I will not be entering that original star,” said True Yan Knight. “My powers are far from adequate.” There was a note of bitterness in his eyes. “I would really love to give it a shot, but I know where I stand. Luo Feng, you are my disciple, so let me give you some advice. Your powers are impressive enough, but there is no rush to enter the Original Star… Moreover, because of your eagerness, you may have estranged your relationship with two universe overlords.”

Luo Feng could only laugh.

Yes, there were two universe overloads who wanted to borrow his true treasures. One was Gui Yi Knight, and the other was Bai Feng Knight. Both had wanted to borrow his soul type true treasure, but he was unable to accede to their requests, and he could not explain why.

“You are certainly my disciple,” said True Yan Knight. “You even share the same temperament as me.” True Yan Knight laughed while shaking his head. “However, when you enter the Original Star, you must be careful. Be amply prepared. Judging from the information we have gathered so far, it is really very dangerous in there.”

Luo Feng nodded. Senior universe knights getting killed was common. In fact, it was frequently seen. Universe overlords getting killed was common enough. There were quite a handful of universe overlord deaths. Universe masters getting killed… That was possible, too.

“Teacher, I am preparing,” Luo Feng said.

“Hmm,” said True Yan Knight. “You did not lend the true treasures to anyone, so now, many universe knights of the human race are waiting to see you make a joke of yourself. Even your friends are not quite convinced that you are capable of such an unlikely achievement. But I am your teacher. I have watched you grow along the way. I believe in you!”

Luo Feng grinned.

“Remember, do not give them the chance to mock you,” True Yan Knight said.

“Yes, teacher,” Luo Feng said, nodding.

A moment later, Luo Feng watched the departing True Yan Knight.

“I’m afraid that, other than Teacher, not many believe that I can accomplish this miraculous task,” Luo Feng said softly. “Even I am not so confident, given my current power… If I were to run into a universe overlord, I would still need to avoid him. Trying to snatch food from a tiger’s mouth is reckless; trying to vie for those true treasures is the same. Too difficult. Force Armor… Don’t disappoint me.”

Luo Feng was sure of his power. With his power, he could run rampant anywhere in the universe! Yet, in that Original Star, where supreme beings from billions of races gathered—that was where the truly bloody fights occurred. Among all the universe masters, universe overlords, and senior universe knights in their own small teams, he was indeed ranked at the bottom.

He could only depend on… Force Armor! The universe supreme master “Sitting Mountain Guest” left his second disciple two true treasures. One was the Yan Shen halberd, and the other was the Original Soul. For his third disciple, Luo Feng, he also left two true treasures. One was the Star Tower, the other was the Force Armor.

The Star Tower had met with some accidents while in the making, bringing about an explosive boost in its power, allowing it to reach the level of a supreme true treasure. Force Armor, Yan Shen halberd, and Original Soul, they were all true treasures that were of the same standard. Every one of them was unimaginably precious!

Sitting Mountain Guest had paid an immeasurable amount for these. They did not pale in comparison to Primal Chaos City Leader’s Thousand Treasures River. However, Force Armor had been specially refined by Sitting Mountain Guest for his prospective third disciple, and it was designed and created according to his plan so that it would be customized to a high degree of compatibility with Luo Feng when he used it.

The Star Map and Shi Wu Wings are just ordinary true treasures, Luo Feng thought. Universe masters are not concerned with them, as they do not serve much use. Force Armor, however—though a measure below the Star Tower, which is one of the supreme true treasures of the universe—still qualifies as one of the top-tier true treasures and pinnacle true treasures. It is much stronger than the Shi Wu Wings. The might of Force Armor must be quite extraordinary.

Yan Shen race lived in a deserted land far away from the human domain. It was an independent race that occupied a large region of the universe.

Weng!

On a desolate planet, vivid green light rays filled the surroundings. A hideous being of another undying race and a youth clad in golden armor appeared on this desolate planet.

“Not bad,” said the youth in the golden armor said, flashing a smile after one look at the hideous being.

The hideous-looking being groveled in veneration repeatedly. “According to the many different races under my command, and the many tokens and locations they have left in this universe, right here… is the area closest to the Yan Shen race.”

With a wave, Luo Feng summoned the hideous-looking being into his World Ring. “Setting off from here to where the Yan Shen race is, the distance is still incredibly far. Fortunately, I have the Ancient Boat Galaxy.” Luo Feng flipped his hand, and an ancient boat the size of a date kernel appeared on his palm. “Larger, larger, larger!”

Luo Feng waved his hand. The ancient boat flew up into the air in an instant. At the same time, Luo Feng exerted his godly power with a gurgle. His godly power prompted a change as the ancient boat quickly grew larger while suspended in the air. In the blink of an eye, it became as big as the planet Luo Feng was on.

Luo Feng laughed. Then, with a single step, he boarded the ancient boat.

He stood on the deck, looking at the vast starry sky…

“A top-tier treasure such as a flying palace type is so much more powerful than a universe planet ship.”

Luo Feng exerted his godly power and shrank the ancient boat until it was about 3,200 feet long. After all, to keep the ancient boat at such an enormous size would have required him to use up a lot of his godly power.

Take off! Luo Feng commanded using his mind.

Sou!

The ancient boat accelerated sharply; while sweeping away, it left a silver flare across the starry sky. Almost immediately, it reached the threshold of the speed of light. Thereafter, it disappeared from the sky and entered the dark universe.

Within the dark universe, the Ancient Boat Galaxy was still accelerating at a crazy rate. 10 times the speed of light. 20 times the speed of light. 30 times the speed of light…

100 times the speed of light. 200 times the speed of light. 300 times the speed of light…

“Hahaha! Marvelous, marvelous.” Standing before the handrails on the ship’s deck, Luo Feng held on to the railing and looked out. The prow of the Ancient Boat Galaxy had naturally formed a shield that protected the ship within it.

“Compared to those biological planet ships and mechanical planet ships, this is much faster.”

Luo Feng constantly increased the speed of the Ancient Boat Galaxy. Finally, at almost 800 times the speed of light, the speed ceased to increase. This was Luo Feng’s limit—not the limit of the Ancient Boat Galaxy. If Luo Feng had set his godly power ablaze, he would have increased the speed even more! And if Luo Feng’s law comprehension had been better, he would have been able to increase the speed to a superior level.

“Enough,” Luo Feng said to himself. “I think it should take around two months or more of flying in the dark universe to reach the Yan Shen Secret Region.”

The Yan Shen race lived in a large region of the universe, and because this region was occupied and ruled by the Yan Shen race, some universe great beings often referred to it as the Yan Shen Secret Region.

Riding the Ancient Boat Galaxy, Luo Feng traversed the dark universe. After close to three months, the Ancient Boat Galaxy finally reduced its speed and left the dark universe.

In the vast, empty sky, Luo Feng stood on the deck of the Ancient Boat Galaxy, gripping the rail as he looked out. “I have reached… the Yan Shen Secret Region!”


Chapter 1027: Flame Emperor

Flame Emperor led the Flame God Race out of the human race and found a remote territory far away from the human territory to live and breed. After many eons, Flame God Race became much stronger, and together with Flame Emperor’s invincible power, nobody dared to mess with the Flame God Race.

The territories of Flame God Race and the human race were extremely distant from each other, but the Flame God Race would often enter the outer-domain battlefield, joining other groups to fight against the humans.

“I obtained some pieces of armors before, and they’re all in the garbage dump after the war.” Luo Feng stood on the deck of Ancient Boat Galaxy and gazed out into space. “The Flame God Race has already detached from the human race, but they still cooperate with the bug race, the demon race, and automaton race to fight the humans. It seems there’s a feud between them and the human race.”

Technically, the Flame God Race had belonged to the humans before. Now that they had left the human race, there was no need for them to continue the fight. However, the information Luo Feng had obtained in the virtual universe, along with the armor pieces he had found in the dump pile, indicated that the Flame God Race was hostile toward the human race!

Flame Emperor is a universe master cultivated by master Zuo Shan Ke, thought Luo Feng, and he has two powerful true treasures: Flame God Halberd and Original Soul. He’s definitely much more powerful than Master of Sky Wolf. However, even if he exited the human race, he didn’t dare to go against master Zuo Shan Ke.

Sou!

Luo Feng waved his hands, and Ancient Boat Galaxy immediately shrank to the size of a date pit and fell into his palm.

“I’ll go and see this second brother of mine.”

Luo Feng teleported himself toward the lair of the Flame God Race.

The Flame God Race lived on three vast continents. The smallest of the three had a diameter of over one light year, and the largest one had a diameter of more than three light years. The three of them surrounded each other. In the central space of the lands floated towering palaces, and there were endless fires around the palaces, burning black, purple, white, green and blue…

Undying warriors were walking in the hallway and on the square. Sometimes, they would look to the tallest main palace at the center with veneration. All the warriors of the Flame God Race were tall, robust, and aggressive-looking. The shorter ones were 25 feet tall, while the taller ones were over 30 feet tall. There were scales covering their skins, and each had a single horn between set between their eyebrows. Their hands and feet looked like those of earthlings’ but thicker and covered in scales.

Inside the main palace, a towering being sat on the throne. It was almost 6,000 miles tall, and the air exhaled from its nose burned the space around him. His black horn seemed to pierce the sky, and he was covered in black scales. He tapped on the handrail and gazed out into space. He saw the shadow of Luo Feng flying toward him in the distance.

“Such a strong force.”

“There’s a guest in the secret region of my Flame God Race,” the towering figure whispered.

He was a universe master… Ordinary universe knights were already able to sense faraway space ripples, but universe masters who were able to completely control space and time were able to detect all the space ripples within tens of millions of lightyears around him! As long as he wanted, space and time were like his horns that could spread.

“Let’s see who the guest is.”

The towering being looked afar and saw through everything blocking his sight. A black-haired young man was flying toward him.

Hong!

The force of the towering being on the throne trembled, shaking the surrounding space.

“Third brother…” the towering being murmured. “I knew you’d come here after becoming undying. Taking True Yan as your teacher and Primal Chaos City Leader as your teacher… Third brother, why are you so connected to the human race? Have you forgotten that your homeland, Earth, was robbed by the human race? Don’t you know that they treat you well because they want you to sacrifice for them?”

He shook his head. “I’m sorry. I won’t allow a true treasure like ‘Force Armor’ to fall into human hands.” The towering being smiled. “Without Master Zuo Shan Ke’s order, you will never get the Force Armor.”

“Master Zuo Shan Ke.” Flame God felt intimidated even mentioning that name. The more powerful he got, the more he realized how remarkable Zuo Shan Ke was.

Zuo Shan Ke had given Flame Emperor the “Original Soul,” the “Flame God Halberd,” and “Force Armor.” He left Force Armor in Flame Emperor’s place only temporarily.

After becoming a universe master with three super true treasures, there was almost no one whom he needed to be afraid of! He wasn’t afraid of Primal Chaos City Leader or Meng Tuo Master. Although the pinnacle beings among the universe masters were able to suppress him, they couldn’t kill him! The only ones who were capable of killing him were the universe supreme masters.

All the universe supreme masters were incredibly powerful. They were able to change laws and completely control a certain area. However, the universe law suppressed them from being too powerful, and that was why they could only manifest power slightly stronger than Primal Chaos City Leader and Meng Tuo master.

“That Gigantic Axe Founder didn’t dare anger me because of his relationship with the human race,” muttered Flame Emperor. “However, Master Zuo Shan Ke has all sorts of skills, and everyone who messed with him ended up being crushed.” Flame Emperor’s eyes gleamed coldly. “Besides, he’s always been alone, and he knows all my trump cards. If we fight, I’ll…”

Zuo Sha Ke was the only one in the universe that Flame Emperor feared.

“Besides, even I can’t control the Force Armor completely.”

Flame Emperor stroked his arms, and a transparent suit of armor appeared on top of his scales. There were intricate engravings constantly changing on it.

“Zuo Shan Ke was the best at creating true treasures. The Force Armor was created for my third brother, and thus all the other great beings aren’t able to make it recognize them as their owners. Even though I’m able to do that, I can only wield a part of its power.”

Like Tower Pearl… Anyone who tried would die! Although the Force Armor was not that extreme, the other great beings wouldn’t utilize it at all. Even Flame Emperor was only able to partially utilize it.

“Although I’m only able to wield a portion of its power, it’s still better than lots of top-tier true treasures.” Flame Emperor caressed the transparent armor and looked at the shadow in the distance. He smiled and whispered, “Third brother, if you can arrive here and get to see me, I’ll follow the order from Zuo Shan Ke and hand it to you. However, the prerequisite is for you to see me, or you at least need to arrive at the dwelling place of Flame God Race!”

As long as Luo Feng didn’t arrive—didn’t get the chance to tell the undying fighters within Flame God Race of his intentions—then Flame Emperor could pretend to know nothing! However, if Luo Feng couldn’t even make it to the land of the Flame God Race to see the seniors within the Flame God Race, Flame Emperor could pretend not to know about it.

“Hehe. You want the Force Armor now? Wait until you become a universe knight. Your power is not even strong enough to get to the land of Flame God Race.”

Flame Emperor abruptly stood up, left his throne room, and walked outside of the palace. Flame Emperor knew Zuo Shan Ke’s personality, as everything he did could be tolerated by Zuo Shan Ke.

“Seal!” Flame Emperor muttered.

The space ripples hundreds of light years around his centered became completely sealed.

“The space coordinates of the Flame God Race are already concealed, but I’ll add some further security to that. Even if you ask Primal Chaos City Leader to help you crack it, it’ll take some time.”

Flame Emperor smiled and flew into the dark universe at lightspeed.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng teleported himself continuously as he approached the land of the Flame God Race.

Almost there! Luo Feng thought.

“Huh?” Luo Feng said, suddenly stopping to look at the space in front of him. Star fragments floated before him. “The space ripples here are completely locked? Why?”

Within the Five-Color Aurora Lake, great beings are unable to teleport themselves, thought Luo Feng, and teleportation is only allowed in certain areas on Bauhinia Island. In some of the vital places of human territory, like the Primal Region, teleportation is also forbidden. Does this apply to Flame God Race also?

Universe masters were able to sculpt law engravings on some gigantic special buildings and drove them with specific crystals like Flame God Origin Crystals, by which they were able to maintain the effect of Space Seal. They could also accomplish that by using some true treasures.

“But if he did that, beings of Flame God Race also couldn’t teleport themselves.” Luo Feng frowned. “Did my second brother seal the space deliberately?”

Wait…!

Luo Feng sensed something going on behind him. He waved his wings, and a beam of light flashed behind him and reached the dark universe at lightspeed.

Luo Feng flew in the dark universe and arrived at the land of Flame God Race. At least, he thought he did.

“Where are the coordinates? Where are the coordinates of the lands of Flame God Race?”

Luo Feng held the locator on his left hand. The coordinates on the screen kept changing, and the coordinates at the center completely disappeared.

Luo Feng was stupefied. This was even more brilliant than the way Hu Yan Bo had hidden the coordinates in the dark universe.

“You are simply devious…” Luo Feng whispered. “You hid the coordinates in the dark universe and sealed the space! Which means I can only fly there. Hundreds of light years… Even if I fly there at lightspeed, it’ll take me hundreds of years to arrive.”

Luo Feng now realized that his second brother Flame Emperor had done this on purpose. He was clearly reluctant to return the Force Armor.

However, although he hid the universe coordinates and sealed the space, he didn’t come here to attack me, Luo Feng thought, It seems that he doesn’t dare go against Zuo Shan Ke directly.

Chapter 1028

The Yan Shen Secret Region, upon comparison, was a far cry from the Ancestral God Secret Region in regards to its level of danger. However, given the power he possessed, the Yan Shen Secret Region alone was not a threat to him in any way.

A biological planet ship was heading toward the Yan Shen Secret Region at sublight speed.

“Second brother.” Luo Feng sat in the control room, holding a wine glass. “Up until today, big brother Pu Ti does not own a single real top-tier true treasure. You already have two. At the same time, you have been taking my Force Armor under your possession for as long as billions of years. This top-tier true treasure is certainly difficult to part with. Your reluctance to let go of it is completely understandable. However, being overly greedy is not good.”

Luo Feng tilted his head and emptied his wine glass. Then he poured himself another glass in a carefree manner.

“The Original Star stays open for 1,000 eras. Even if I were to ride a planet ship and cruise slowly, it would only take a couple hundred years to reach your Yan Shen race’s home. A couple of hundred years is merely the time taken for a meditation session.”

Luo Feng was not the least bit anxious.

Yan Shen race had three vacant palaces surrounded by land. In the main palace, Flame Emperor’s towering figure was looking far out into space, and through the layers of space that obstructed his view, he caught sight of that dark purple biological planet ship. He could even see Luo Feng drinking his wine in a casual manner inside the planet ship.

“How unbelievable. He does not know when to back off!” Flame Emperor shook his head. “Space was sealed, and the coordinates of the dark universe were hidden… Yet you simply do not know how to stay away. Dear third brother, do you really think that your second brother would not be able to stop you if I set my mind to it? The original plan was not to offend anyone, but you were so persistent in coming here for your Force Armor. Don’t blame me, then.”

A trace of hostility swept across Flame Emperor’s face.

Within the territory of the Nine Territory Alliance, there was a life planet that seemed ordinary, but this was where humans of the Mud Frog race resided.

Thousands of humans of the Mud Frog race were scattered all over this planet. In one of these communities, following the command given by a burly human of the Mud Frog race, a group of Mud Frog race took a test one after another.

“Individuals will take the test one by one in order,” said the burly human. “The best performer will be able to receive one-to-one guidance from Third Elder. Upon receiving Third Elder’s guidance, one can almost be considered to have become a great being and will be able to fly.”

From afar, Third Elder stood with his wooden club, smiling as he oversaw everything. His single green eye of his was filled with joy. He relished the peaceful life and living together with the lowest class of this race. When he was still a weak nobody, he used to live in a simple and defenseless community like this.

“Huh?” Third Elder gripped his wooden club and frowned. “That Blade River Emperor, Luo Feng—who is a human, yet compared to a unique life form with his ability to bend Heaven’s will—has actually appeared within the territory of Yan Shen race! And to have so accurately located our coordinates…”

Third Elder’s single green eye showed a hint of surprise. “Unquestionably, this news was released by the Yan Shen race. Flame Emperor is a universe master. If Blade River Emperor enters his territory, will he stand back and do nothing? It is also fair to say that since Flame Emperor is one of the top-tier beings among the universe masters, this simply may not be worth his attention. Moreover, I heard that Flame Emperor used to be from the human race. This might be part of his concerns… Blade River Emperor, Luo Feng! He owns at least six true treasures… News has spread. Those who dared approach him were universe lords who were supremely confident. Senior universe knights are afraid and thus do not deserve the right to fight.”

Third Elder oversaw the ongoing test. He loved life in a lowly community, and only he could understand that he was the core of the Mud Frog race—their true pillar of support. He was the greatest being of the Mud Frog race, and when it came to enhancing one’s power, he was at the top of the list.

“Soul type true treasure,” he muttered to himself. “I must obtain that!”

Still grasping his scepter, Third Elder remained unmoving on the same spot. His true form, however, had left the planet, leaving behind a soulless human form. As a universe overlord, he only needed an energy form to contain his consciousness. Maintaining his power to meet the level of a sector lord was child’s play to him.

Amid one of the universe secret regions, a seemingly ordinary mountain suspended in the air suddenly opened nine gigantic eyes; these nine eyes were filled with excitement.

“Hahaha! Blade River Emperor Luo Feng has actually deviated from the human race. A soul type true treasure often seen with fighters like the bug soldiers, and every one of them are all masters of the soul type…! If I have a soul type true treasure always on hand, nothing can go wrong. Haha…! This soul type true treasure is mine!”

Following this, the mountain vanished in the blink of an eye.

The moment some supreme beings of the human race got wind of this news, there were explosive reactions within minutes.

“Why did Luo Feng go to the territory of the Yan Shen race?”

“Is he tired of living?”

“Initially, I thought he would die in the Original Star. But now, it seems he finds the wait to be too long, so he headed straight into the enemy’s den.”

News that spread like wildfire… It started in the open-air square of the World of Glory in the Ancestral God School, which was known to be a top-tier news distribution center. It was where heirs of superpowers of the universe gathered, so it was only a matter of time before everyone got wind of this news.

Although he was unable to go to Bauhinia Island—and also could not enter the World of Glory—Bark Mirror Emperor, too, heard the news that day.

“Haha! Blade River,” he gloated. “Ah, Blade River. I have always worried about how you hid among the human race, refusing to come out.”

There were numerous heirs in the Northern Territory Alliance, and quite a number of them were close to him.

“Now, you have actually come out!” said Bark Mirror Emperor. “And you even made it to the territory of the Yan Shen race. Now that the Original Star is about to open, there are many universe overlords finding among themselves with a lack of true treasures, or finding that their true treasures are lacking in power. Yet you choose to make a sudden appearance here in the territory of the Yan Shen race… You are courting your own doom, and it is not my fault.”

Bark Mirror Emperor laughed heartily. This was the happiest moment for him since his resurrection from “Turning Back Time.”

Supreme beings from various races in the universe had their circles of close friends; they all heard the news and came over to the territory of the Yan Shen race in no time.

The Yan Shen race had three vacant palaces surrounded by land. In the main palace, a blurry red light appeared. A lone figure walked through while calling out in a mildly respectful tone, “Flame Emperor!”

“Coming.”

The towering figure at the palace entrance was staring into space. He smiled as he said, “Ba Feng, the reason I called you here is because of Blade River Emperor Luo Feng.”

Ba Feng Knight was one of the universe overlords of the Nine Territory Alliance. The shape of his body resembled a bamboo pole while his skull was squarish. With a furry face and three eyes positioned vertically in a straight line, the moment he had his eye on someone, the other party would fall into a state of illusion. Ba Feng might have had powers that were considered average when compared to universe overlords at the same level, but when pitted against weaklings, he was excellent.

“Blade River Emperor Luo Feng?” Ba Feng Knight seemed a little uncertain. “I just heard some news. Apparently, Blade River Emperor Luo Feng has appeared here in your territory, Flame Emperor.”

“Yes,” Flame Emperor nodded. “Take a look.”

Flame Emperor pointed into the empty space. In that split second, ripples formed within the surface, and a scene that was hundreds of light years away appeared right before him. It was a biological planet ship in flight.

“This is Blade River Emperor Luo Feng’s planet ship,” Flame Emperor said with a chuckle.

“What do you mean?” Ba Feng Knight said, confused.

“As you know, I was originally from the human race,” said Flame Emperor. “Dealing with this fellow… I do not want to do it myself. So you shall do it.”

“I understand,” Ba Feng said, nodding repeatedly.

Ba Feng Knight had lived a long life. He knew about the event years ago when Flame Emperor had betrayed his own human race. That event had been explosive news in the universe during that era.

“Do not worry, Flame Emperor,” Ba Feng Knight said with confidence. “Though he has the powers of a secondary universe knight, Luo Feng is merely an undying knight. When face-to-face with me, he stands no chance. Even a senior universe knight does not scare me. He is not a cause for worry! Before me, no one can even think of escaping.”

Flame Emperor merely nodded. “I know you have your ways.”

Ba Feng Knight was proficient at dealing with weaklings. That was why Flame Emperor had summoned him.

“Flame Emperor, you just have to give the command, and I will take immediate action,” Ba Feng Knight continued, “to kill or to capture alive at your command.”

“To kill, of course!” Flame Emperor said cold-heartedly. “Why would I want a human captured alive?”

“Yes,” Ba Feng Knight replied and did not dare say anything more.

“Of course, there is no rush for now.” Flame Emperor shook his head. “The news has spread, and many fighters from other races will attack him. That is why I called you here. Just in case! Should the other races lack the skills and allow Luo Feng to escape… That is when I will need your skills.”

Ba Feng Knight nodded vigorously. Flame Emperor had a very high status in the Nine Territory Alliance and belonged to one of the highest tiers of existence. His status in the Alliance was definitely comparable to the status of Primal Chaos City Leader in the Hong Alliance. To handle matters under his orders, Ba Feng Knight did not dare keep a slack hand.

“Let’s wait and see,” Flame Emperor whispered.

“Yes,” said Ba Feng Knight, standing behind the towering Flame Emperor obediently.

Flame Emperor was, however, only focused on the scene before him. He was secretly saying to himself, “Dear third brother, I trust that given how well-informed you are, you will know that I was the one who let the cat out of the bag. You still have time to escape now. If not, it will be too late. I wonder, are you going to retreat or continue to advance?

In the biological planet ship.

Luo Feng sat with his wine glass in his hand. His mind was still maintaining the connection with the virtual universe.

Thousand Rain Emperor was the first to contact Luo Feng through the virtual universe. His face was filled with worry.

“Blade River,” he said. “Word has spread from the open-air square of the World of Glory that you, Luo Feng, have entered Flame Emperor’s territory and is now advancing to where he lives. Even the universe coordinates of your location have been revealed. Now, many supreme beings of other races are rushing over. You are not really there, are you?”

Luo Feng was taken aback. “Really? The news has spread?”

“That’s right,” said Thousand Rain Emperor. “And the information is very detailed. I felt it must be true the moment I heard it. Luo Feng, do not hide anything from me. You are in grave danger now— extreme danger!” Thousand Rain Emperor’s voice was fraught with worry.

“I got it,” Luo Feng replied with a smile. “Thank you.”

“Don’t take things lightly!” urged Thousand Rain Emperor. “You must leave quickly, right away! Supreme beings from all corners of the universe are hurrying in your direction. If you hesitate further, I am worried that you will be hunted down in no time. By then, it will be too late to take flight.” Thousand Rain Emperor was genuinely worried.

“Do not worry,” Luo Feng replied. “I am very aware.”

Luo Feng cut the line of communication with Thousand Rain Emperor, but following close behind it were calls from Cha Man Emperor, True Yan Knight, and even Bloody Wing Knight, who also reached out to him through the virtual universe. Clearly, they must have all heard the news and considered it a kiss of death for Luo Feng. Anyone could guess that supreme beings from all corners of the universe were bound to gather to hunt down Luo Feng!


Chapter 1029: Universe Overlords

Flame Emperor stood in the main palace with his eyes closed. He spared a portion of his mind to sense the space ripple around Luo Feng’s spaceship. Any ripple would alert him.

Flame Emperor thinks too highly of that human, Ba Feng Knight thought. He’s a pinnacle universe master, and he doesn’t need to mind that human.

However, Ba Feng Knight still stood behind Flame Emperor quietly and respectfully.

“Hmm?” Flame Emperor suddenly opened his eyes.

Hua!

Suddenly, the biological spaceship stopped, and the golden-armored figure flew out, soaked in blurry green light.

“God Country Transportation?” Flame Emperor was startled. “Did my third brother give up and prepare to leave?”

God Country Transportation was allowed in space-sealed areas.

In the Sacrificial Tower, teleportation was not allowed, but God Country Transportation was. After all, the way they worked was different.

“This Blade River Emperor is scared,” Ba Feng Knight said. “He expected many great beings of other races to arrive, so he planned to run back to the human territory with God Country Transportation. Better for him to escape with his life.”

Flame Emperor whispered, grinning, “Lucky him.”

“It’s because of your mercy,” Ba Feng Knight said. “If you attacked him and control space and time, he wouldn’t even have the chance to run away.”

Flame Emperor looked at the scene, smiling without saying anything.

Suddenly, Luo Feng waved his hands, and an ugly undying fighter appeared. He first groveled at Luo Feng, then stepped into the blurry green light. As for Luo Feng, instead of leaving, he went back to the biological spaceship and kept progressing forward.

“Huh? He didn’t go back?” Flame Emperor frowned. “Why did he send a slave?”

Ba Feng Knight was confused as well.

“The first great being of another race has arrived.” Flame Emperor said with a smile.

In another portion of space, he saw an enormous snake with a silver belly, a dark cyan back, and two wings on his back. There were nine horns on his forehead, all of which had branches that were bent. His horns wound around each other like a crown. A greenish light, mixed with dimming golden light in his eyes, gleamed coldly. He seemed to notice the gaze of Flame Emperor, so he lowered his head to show respect for Flame Emperor.

“Demon Wing Leader of the demon race,” Ba Feng Knight said.

“He’s an ambitious and powerful universe overlord,” Flame Emperor said. Suddenly, he looked in another direction and noticed an elder of the Frog Race with a black scepter. The elder also sensed the gaze, and he bowed slightly to show respect.

“Frog the Wise,” Flame Emperor whispered. “Both of them are exceptional. And the third one is coming…”

Flame Emperor looked in another direction and saw a human-like being flying toward him. There were two horns thicker than thighs on his head, and the horns wound around his godly body like braids. His blue eyes were like stars that could pierce through souls. This great being also bowed to him.

“Ma Sha Knight,” Flame Emperor muttered. “He has a domain type true treasure. Against this treasure, it is the least likely that Luo Feng will escape.”

Ba Feng Knight said, “Demon Wing Leader, Frog the Wise, and Ma Sha Knight are all universe-renowned supreme beings with extraordinary skills. Demon Wing Leader comes from the pinnacle race Demon Race. Frog the Wise is the leader of an entire race. And as for Ma Sha Knight, he has a domain type true treasure… It’ll be difficult for Blade River Emperor to flee from any of them.”

Flame Emperor smiled. “Third brother, prepare for the feast I designed for you,” he said.

Hong!

Suddenly, the godly power coming out of the main palace was weakened, and the range under the space seal was reduced to 100 light years.

In the sector of the Flame God Secret Region, Demon Wing Leader’s body slid across a floating star fragment, and he gazed into the distance.

“Blade River Emperor is supposed to be there,” Demon Wing Leader said in a hoarse voice. “Blade River! All of your true treasures belong to me!”

Sou!

He teleported there.

“For my Frog race! I have to get the true treasures from Blade River Emperor,” the elder of Frog Race whispered and teleported himself toward the publicized location.

“I have a domain type true treasure,” said Ma Sha Knight, “and if I have a soul type true treasure and a flying-palace type true treasure… Even universe masters will find it difficult to kill me.” Ma Sha Knight caressed his horns and went away.

The news Flame Emperor let out was made known to the entire universe. Because it was so well-known, ordinary universe knight didn’t dare meddle. The first three who arrived were all universe overlords!

The biological spaceship slowed down and stopped.

“The space seal is gone?” Luo Feng stood in the space and saw the mist permeating. “Why did my second brother stop the space seal?”

Luo Feng closed his eyes and started to feel his surroundings. His Mosha body could sense the space as well as universe knights; he inspected along the direction toward the lands of the Flame God Race and could distinctively feel that the space ripple 100 light years around him was stopped.

“Not stopped,” he realized, “but shrank. No matter what you’ve done, you’ve saved me 100 years.”

Luo Feng waved his hands and took back the biological spaceship. He teleported himself.

A giant snake shadow appeared.

“Teleportation ripple!” Demon Wing Leader’s greenish eyes glinted with a thrill. He, Frog the Wise, and Ma Sha Knight showed up in different places and couldn’t sense the other’s teleportation. Besides, Demon Wing Leader was the closest to Luo Feng.

To universe knights, they were only able to sense the teleportation ripple that was 1,000 light years close to him.

“It must be him.” Demon Wing Leader shook his wings and tail and teleported himself toward Luo Feng.

Luo Feng arrived at the periphery of the space-sealed area.

“My second brother narrowed the range?” Luo Feng stood in the space pervaded by mist and looked back. “Have those other races arrived? Whatever.”

Luo Feng flew into the space-sealed area like a beam of light.

Hong!

Just as Luo Feng was flying into the space-sealed area, Demon Wing Leader showed up and saw the shadow in the distance.

“Human Blade River!” Demon Wing Leader transmitted his hoarse voice with his godly power.

Sou!

Demon Wing Leader flew forward.

Luo Feng kept flying in the secret region in near-lightspeed and looked back at Demon Wing Leader who was chasing him.

“You won’t catch me,” Luo Feng said with a glance.

“Human Blade River, you can’t run away!” Demon Wing Leader roared as he chased him.

Instead of worrying about him, Luo Feng kept flying at near-lightspeed. He had already hit his fastest speed. If he reached lightspeed, he would enter the dark universe. The coordinates in the dark universe around the lands of the Flame God Race were concealed, and it would be squandering his time if he entered the dark universe.

“Law Domain!” Demon Wing Leader suddenly performed law domain, and everything for 60 million miles around him was trapped in time law domain, including Luo Feng.

Hong!

Luo Feng burned his godly power and maintained his speed.

“A simple law domain is useless,” Luo Feng told Demon Wing Leader behind him.

Suddenly, two powerful ripples appeared, which shocked and terrified Luo Feng.

No…! he realized. Other hunters!

Demon Wing Leader sensed something wrong and looked back as well. Frog the Wise and Ma Sha Knight were flying toward them. They teleported themselves and arrived at the periphery of the space-sealed area, and they both went into the area and started to chase Luo Feng.

Three universe overlords were running after Luo Feng. However, none of them could teleport themselves in the space-sealed area. “Haha! Frog and Demon Wing! This is the space-sealed area!” Ma Sha Knight guffawed. “Your law domain is only able to affect Blade River Emperor. It’s not enough to trap him and kill him. It seems that I’m the lucky one after all, and the soul type true treasure belongs to me!”

“90 million Sand River Domain, build!” Ma Sha Knight’s voice resounded around Demon Wing Leader and Frog the Wise.

In the enormous, spherical area were countless grains of sand, and it was indestructible. Though each grain of sand was weak, when they were combined, they could easily annihilate some universe knights.

“Damn it!” Demon Wing Leader growled. He was furious. “Ma Sha, the true treasures belong to me too!”

“Ma Sha Knight, don’t be so selfish!” Frog the Wise said, glaring at Ma Sha Knight behind him.

But Ma Sha Knight was infuriated. “They’re mine!” he shouted. “They belong to me! Damn frog! You dared attack me! It’s useless! Your soul attack techniques can hardly affect me. I’ll stop wasting my time on you two! Human Blade River, die! Your treasures are mine!”

Hong!

Under Ma Sha Knight’s manipulation, each grain of the sand was glowing and dashing at Luo Feng, and their power kept multiplying as they gathered. They formed a giant sand whirlpool and raced toward Luo Feng.

Flame Emperor watched it all from his main palace.

“Third brother,” he said, “don’t blame me for losing your true treasures. You’re the one who wants the Force Armor.”


Chapter 1030: One Strike, All Out

Flame Emperor watched what was happening hundreds of light years away, thinking that everything was under his control.

Meanwhile, Luo Feng looked at the giant sand whirlpool that surrounded him. It was hundreds of miles high, and the sand was thick and dense. Each individual grain was weak, but when numerous grains were combined, they were strong enough to make Luo Feng feel strangled.

“Mosha body,” said Luo Feng, holding onto a stone in his left hand.

Hu!

The stone vanished in an instant.

Hong! Long!

The giant sand whirlpool enshrouded Luo Feng. In an instant, he was smashed to pieces. The very next instant, he was strangled to death, reduced to naught.

“Human Blade River is dead! Dead! His true treasure is mine!” Ma Sha Knight exclaimed from afar.

Ma Sha Knight was overwhelmed with excitement, anticipating what he would have when he got hold of the true treasures. It had not occurred to him that the true treasures would not be so easily obtainable. There were at least six true treasures. Did he really think that obtaining them would be such a breeze?

“Ah!” Ma Sha Knight let out a high-pitched, ferocious roar. “Where is my true treasure? The true treasures! Where are they?”

No matter how he scoured the sand, there was not a single true treasure to be found.

Sou!

In the distance, the figure of a youth in golden armor appeared. Demon Wing Leader and Frog the Wise both looked over.

“Luo Feng! Blade River Emperor Luo Feng!”

“There he is! One moment, he was surrounded and attacked by countless grains of sand. The next moment, he is tens of thousands of miles away? Could it be teleportation? But within the confinement of sealed space, it is impossible to teleport!”

Ma Sha Knight stared at the faraway Luo Feng in disbelief. Luo Feng had not died. “Human Blade River!” he growled. “Die!”

Countless grains of sand from all around flew toward Luo Feng in a wicked flurry.

Hu!

Luo Feng vanished into thin air. Instantly, he reappeared tens of thousands of miles away.

Zoom! Zoom! Zoom! Zoom! Zoom! Zoom! Zoom! Zoom!

Luo Feng flashed about at a crazy speed. In the blink of an eye, he was already thousands of miles away.

“This is not teleportation—it is his talent technique,” Frog the Wise said with a slight frown. “It is a space type talent technique, Domain…! We are in trouble.”

Demon Wing Leader curled his body and spread his wings, then turned back to look at the fuming Ma Sha Knight. He sneered. “Old Frog, out of the three of us, Ma Sha Knight must be the most disappointed. Even with a domain type true treasure, Luo Feng was still able to escape… With his talent technique, Luo Feng will be able to escape from anyone below the rank of a universe master. Only a handful of universe overlords may be able to hold him back.”

Frog the Wise nodded.

Domain was a technique by which one first merged with space, then transformed into a godly body. No matter how Ma Sha Knight manipulated his true treasure to launch attacks, the moment Luo Feng merged with space, it would be easy to dodge the attacks. Of course, the situation would be different if the opponent was a universe master.

A universe master was able to fully control space and time! Everything in this space and time would be controlled. Even when merged with this space, anyone could be forcefully kicked out. However, Ma Sha Knight, Frog the Wise, and Demon Wing Leader could not achieve this.

“Damn, damn, damn it!” roared Ma Sha Knight.

Watching Luo Feng make his escape with just one technique Domain —yet being unable to do anything about it—was enough to make Ma Sha Knight feel helpless. He could only roar with fury. Frog the Wise and Demon Wing Leader watched the entire episode with amusement. Ma Sha Knight wheeled on them angrily.

“Neither of you got anything either!” Ma Sha Knight fumed. “What is there to gloat over?”

“Ma Sha Knight, you are a universe overlord, and look at what a scene you have made,” Frog the Wise said, grinning. “Demon Wing Leader and I are not gloating. The three of us went after Blade River Emperor Luo Feng together, and both of us truly believed that you would be most hopeful in succeeding. We did not hold high hopes, and without expectations, we naturally would not feel disappointed. But you are different… You were so close to obtaining the true treasures, yet you did not expect Luo Feng to still have a hidden card up his sleeve? That is why a true treasure has again slipped through your fingers. This agony… Haha. We can empathize.”

“Hahaha…” Demon Wing Leader let out a deep laugh. “Go,” he called out. “Old Frog.”

Frog the Wise nodded with a smile, then together with Demon Wing Leader, accelerated quickly and reached the speed of light within an instant. Both entered the dark universe and left.

“Damn it! Bastard! Idiot! Aaah!” Ma Sha Knight shouted, his handsome features twisted with anger.

Although Ma Sha Knight was a high and mighty universe overlord, it did not mean he could not get angry. There were not many things that anger make beings at his level. This time, he was within reach of obtaining at least six true treasures like the soul type true treasure and flying-palace true treasure, and for everything to come to naught all of a sudden, the contrast was too agonizing and infuriating for Ma Sha Knight to bear.

“Blade River!” Ma Sha Knight gritted his teeth and let out an angry roar. Then he too entered the dark universe and left.

Yan Shen race had three palaces surrounded by land. In the main palace, Ba Feng Knight was careful not to utter a single word. At that moment, he knew Flame Emperor was seething with anger.

Flame Emperor stared into space with a cold look. Ripples of images appeared to show Luo Feng’s advances as he relied on his talent technique Domain.

Very well, my dear third brother… I have underestimated you, Flame Emperor thought, looking at the image with indifference.

“Flame Emperor, what should we do now?” Ba Feng Knight finally spoke up after he sensed that Flame Emperor’s anger had subsided.

“Do you have any way to kill him?” Flame Emperor asked, looking at Ba Feng Knight.

“If he is bent on escaping, there is no way I can stop him,” Ba Feng Knight said, shaking his head. “This talent technique Domain can only be owned by some unique life forms that have excellent hiding and fleeing skills. It is said that within the Mosha race, only a handful have such power. Although these life forms do not have outstanding fighting abilities, their survival abilities are quite strong.”

“Wait,” Flame Emperor said. He looked into space. “Right now, there is a continuous stream of great beings of other races making their way here. There are universe overlords, senior universe knights, and more. Who knows? There might be someone able to stop this human Blade River Emperor.”

Ba Feng Knight listened obediently, but in his heart, he was confused. Is there a need for Flame Emperor to be so determined to kill this Blade River Emperor Luo Feng? If he really wanted to kill Luo Feng, he could have done the deed by himself. If he did so, he could have annihilated Blade River Emperor Luo Feng with a snap of fingers. Yet up until now, he made no move and merely paid close attention… So strange!

In the Yan Shen Secret Region, Luo Feng gave full play to his talent technique Domain for quite some time, then he boarded his planet ship and continued to advance.

“Second brother, the moment you sealed the space and hid the dark universe coordinates, your younger brother guessed your intentions.” Luo Feng held his wine glass. “So earlier on, I arranged for a servant to take my many true treasures back to the human domain under the guise of my Golden Horned Beast body. Original earthling body, Mosha body, and Remote Ocean body… From true treasure to valuable, these three bodies do not possess a single piece. Even if they were to fail, at the very most, I would only be wasting a little energy.”

Luo Feng sneered. He was no fool. Knowing that Flame Emperor would not give up the Force Armor easily, there was no way he would subject any of his true treasures like Tower Pearl and Shi Wu Wings to such risk. Upon learning that his Golden Horned Beast body had brought his true treasures back to the human domain, he was able to face up to all obstacles without worries.

During the earlier attack by Ma Sha Knight’s domain type true treasure, his original earthling body was annihilated, but the Mosha body was able to escape with the World Ring. The Remote Ocean body was hidden within the World Ring, and with the godly power of the Remote Ocean body, the annihilated original earthling body was recovered to its original form.

“This time, I have revealed my greatest trump card for escape— talent technique Domain!” Luo Feng squinted. “My teacher, Primal Chaos City Leader, once said that this technique Domain is only second to the skills of universe masters. Otherwise, the chance of escaping is almost 100 percent. Now that I have revealed this technique, I must obtain Force Armor…! Force Armor, you will be mine!”

Luo Feng looked out into space and surmised that Flame Emperor would be observing his every move.

“What is mine will be mine,” he said. “No matter how hard you try, you cannot keep it!” Luo Feng gave a crooked smile.

Following the arrival of the earliest batch of universe overlords—the trio consisting of Demon Wing Leader—superpowers of all kinds like universe overlords and senior universe knights came flocking from faraway domains in a flurry. With techniques like God Country Transportation and teleportation, they rushed to the territory of the Yan Shen race as fast as they could. The number was increasing tremendously.

Luo Feng had ventured deep within the domain of sealed space, so the other great beings were unable to keep up with him. So Flame Emperor shrank the domain of sealed space by another 100 light years. This way, the others in pursuit would be able to catch up with Luo Feng easily.

Second brother, how shameless you can be, Luo Feng thought with a sneer.

Zoom!

This time, Luo Feng showed no trace of hesitation. First, he teleported directly to the border of the domain of sealed space. Then, with his talent technique Domain, he penetrated his way into the sealed space by speedy and continuous flashes. The moment the fastest great being of another race caught up, Luo Feng would have put a couple hundred miles between them.

The talent technique Domain was enough to convince several great beings in pursuit to give up, and when Luo Feng had penetrated into the deeper region of the sealed space, other great beings who arrived later would not even have the chance to fight him.

“A bunch of trash!”

Flame Emperor madly surveyed the images before him. At that moment, his rage was unleashed without restraint. The entire palace seemed to have fallen into a burning furnace.

Ba Feng Knight stood by his side, filled with fear. He did not understand why Flame Emperor was fuming over the fact that Luo Feng was not killed.

Flame Emperor swept a look in his direction. “Take your leave.”

“Yes,” Ba Feng Knight said respectfully. Then, stepping into the blurry red light, he left.

“Trash, trash, a bunch of trash!” Flame Emperor seethed. He had not felt such anger in a long time.

Ambushing Luo Feng had failed, which meant Luo Feng would be taking Force Armor away. This made him furious.

“Third brother, take your time,” Flame Emperor said coldly. “You still need over 100 years of flying to get here.”

He had shrunk the domain of sealed space twice. With the status of a high and mighty universe master, and with the matter implicating Sitting Mountain Guest and Force Armor, he could not help losing his cool. Shrinking the sealed space twice in a row was, after all, a despicable thing to do.

The Original Star is about to open, Flame Emperor thought. I shall enter the Original Star for a round of battle. Maybe I will be able to find a true treasure that is comparable to the Force Armor.

However, he knew that the chances were extremely low. Flame Emperor had experienced many openings of the Original Star and had obtained quite a handful of true treasures. However, most of them were ordinary ones. Even the senior true treasures were few and far between, and there were no top-tier true treasures to speak of. Of course, through his ventures in other domains, killings, and fighting, he had paid dearly to be able to obtain a single top-tier true treasure—his Black Armor—as a backup plan. But Black Armor, when compared to Force Armor… The two were on completely different levels.

Heng!

Flame Emperor sat on his throne and looked into the vast space. Then he closed his eyes and silently waited for the Original Star to open. When it came to Luo Feng, he was at his wits’ end. After all, Sitting Mountain Guest was a deterrent preventing him from going overboard.


Chapter 1031: The Original Star Opened

Many supreme beings rushed to hunt Luo Feng. However, those who tried to hunt him all failed after Luo Feng performed his talent technique Domain. As for those who arrived late, they couldn’t even begin to chase him after him because he was already deep in the space-sealed area. They all gave up.

Yet, at the same time… Luo Feng’s secret technique Domain went public. The great beings who chased Luo Feng all knew about it and spread the news. Many great beings of other races were stunned by the news that Blade River Emperor had such an exceptional skill.

Pei Feng Knight was furious after learning about Domain. “He dared to look down on me! He didn’t even perform that technique when I attacked him. He didn’t even fight with all his strength! Well-played, Blade River… Why did he dodge it again! Why is it so difficult for him to die?”

Bark Mirror Emperor was exasperated after realizing this. He roared so hard that the walls of his room cracked.

While the other races were shocked, the human race was thrilled. The talent technique Domain was bestowed by the universe and couldn’t be gained by practice alone.

“Blade River Emperor will be able to survive for a long time with this technique.”

“As long as he doesn’t meet any universe masters, he’ll be able to survive!”

“Talent technique Domain is indeed incredible, and many universe knights aren’t able to deal with it. However, some still have extraordinary skills. For instance, the most powerful World Tree is already able to control space and time as well as a universe master. There are other special life forms who can suppress the talent technique Domain.”

Through the virtual universe, Luo Feng learned about the discussions outside, which made him further realize that the only way to win respect from other great beings was power!

Many universe knights concluded that Luo Feng going to the Original Star meant he was rushing to his own death. After they witnessed him performing his talent technique Domain, however, the number of naysayers declined in number.

Domain is only used for escape, thought Luo Feng. In the Original Star, one must fight for true treasures. Fleeing is not enough. Force Armor… I must have it.

Compared to Force Armor, the talent technique Domain was nothing. Force Armor was an item desired by supreme beings like Flame Emperor. Even Primal Chaos City Leader was willing to fight to the death for a true treasure like that.

Ten years passed.

At the top of Thunder Island stood Primal Chaos City Leader. “Luo Feng. The Original Star will be opened tomorrow. I heard that you’re going, too?”

“Yes, teacher,” Luo Feng said, standing behind Primal Chaos City Leader.

“What’s your plan?” Primal Chaos City Leader asked. “Who do you want to team up with? Did you invite some great beings?”

“No,” Luo Feng replied.

“If you want to team up with someone, I can help,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “You’re still relatively weak. Senior universe knights often find some great beings to help them and give them a higher chance of survival. You should also find some suitable great beings to help you.”

“Team up with whom?” Luo Feng shook his head. “Senior universe knights can’t help me much. As for universe overlords, even if they say yes, it’ll be because of you, and from the bottom of their hearts, they’ll believe that I’m dragging them back. I’d better go there by myself.”

“You’re thinking of doing this… by yourself?” Primal Chaos City Leader was startled.

“I just want to go there to broaden my horizons,” said Luo Feng. I’ll be careful.”

“That’s right, you have your Bloody Sea.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “It’s all in your hands. But, Luo Feng, why would you go to the lands of the Flame God Race and perform your talent technique Domain? A revealed trump card is no longer a trump card. If the enemies wish to attack you, they’ll prepare for this technique. You need to make sure that it’s the only option before you show your trump card.”

“I understand,” Luo Feng said. “I decided to go there because of something private.”

“Something private?”

Primal Chaos City Leader glanced at Luo Feng. “Then I won’t ask any further questions. However, I must remind you that the lands of the Flame God Race belong to Flame Emperor, who is one of the top-tier universe masters. He was as talented and exceptional as you. If you’ve done some research, you’ll know that Flame Emperor is a human. He was beyond exceptional. He never failed, and nobody at his level could rival him. He never failed…! And he respected nobody! He’s a fearless great being. However, he also believed that nobody could suppress him, and he got too ambitious. He couldn’t live with being under others.” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head.

Luo Feng listened quietly. Too ambitious and couldn’t live with being under others…?

“To top it all off, something’s wrong with his mental state!” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “He only remembers how others have wronged him. He cannot remember the good that others do for him!” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head. “After becoming a universe knight, he grew ever more arrogant and tyrannical. And he was extremely selfish!”

“Extremely selfish?” said Luo Feng.

“He dared to attack universe masters within his own race!” Primal Chaos City Leader exclaimed. “He attacked them for their valuables! Gigantic Axe Founder decided to punish him by imprisoning him, but little did he expect that Flame Emperor had betrayed us humans with beings from his hometown. It was a great joke to the rest of the universe!”

Luo Feng was startled.

“He’s indeed a genius!” Primal Chaos City Leader exclaimed. “And every time I see you, it’s like seeing him. We human cultivated him, but he turned his back on us. Every time there was a war between the races, he grew crueler toward us humans.” Chao City Leader shook his head. “Luo Feng, if he attacks you, just summon me, and I’ll be there instantly.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded.

Luo Feng was stunned to realize what his second brother was really like.

Selfish? thought Luo Feng, recalling everything he had been through. Yeah… He’s selfish, all right. Force Armor was left by Master Zuo Shan Ke to me, but he tried to keep it.

On the second day, the Original Star opened! It was a massive party for the billions of races in the universe! Of course, the undying fighters didn’t know of it, as it was a killing festival for the supreme beings…

Though Luo Feng was in the territory of the Flame God Race and couldn’t see the opening of the portal to the Original Star, he could still watch the scene through the virtual universe… The power from the opening of each portal was more terrific than that of universe masters.

Various groups flooded into the Original Star. 10,081 portals were distributed throughout the universe.

Supreme beings from all the superpowers, made up of billions of races in the universe, flew into the portal and entered the Original Star.

10,081 original stars… The slaughter was about to begin!

“The universe takes care of me,” said Flame Emperor. “Force Armor is about to be taken by my third brother, and I have to hand it over because of Master Zuo Shan Ke. Perhaps I can get better true treasures.”

Flame Emperor walked into a portal to original stars and landed on one.

The biological spaceship traveled through the mist. Luo Feng had a simple life, spending most of his time on space law and the beast god path. Luo Feng had already fully comprehended the second mystery of space law, Seal, during the 80,000 years of creating ultimate techniques.

As for the third one, Strangle, he was close. One could become a universe knight after completing the comprehension of all three mysteries and combining them as one. Apparently, Luo Feng needed a long time.

“It’s cruel in the original stars.”

Although Luo Feng didn’t go, he watched some footage taken by some great beings who made it out. Original stars were closest to the land of origin in the universe. They were stars full of valuables! And they were filled with hazards!

It was the first place Luo Feng knew of that couldn’t connect to the virtual universe!

“My decision was a wise one,” he said. “Without the Force Armor, I can only flee with my power.”

To Luo Feng, he went through a peaceful 100 years, yet on the original stars, twelve large-scale battles took place because of the valuables. Hundreds of universe knights and more than 20 universe overlords died during those wars, but all the universe masters survived.

Of course, all the superpowers were excited by the slaughtering. The more precious the valuables were, the more great beings they were willing to send out.

“The footage isn’t even clear.” Luo Feng shook his head. “The level of the slaughter there is apocalyptic, and there’s no way to record the battles clearly. Shame. None of the battles have anything to do with me.”

Luo Feng stood in the control room and watched the three lands in the distance through the virtual scene. They were the inhabitants of the Flame God Race. Although he finally saw the lands, he was still so distant from them. It took him another month to get to the border.

A silver-armored undying warrior flew towards him. His eyes glinted furiously.

“This is the territory of the Flame God Race. How dare you come here, human!”

Heng!

Luo Feng frowned. Godly force permeated from him, suppressing the undying fighter of Flame God Race.

“Flame Emperor! I’ve arrived at your territory!” Luo Feng shouted, looking at the main palace surrounded by the three lands. “Show yourself!”


Chapter 1032: The First Encounter

“What audacity!” the undying Yan Shen warrior shouted angrily. A long spear suddenly appeared in his palm, and he pointed its sharp tip at Luo Feng. “Human, Flame Emperor is not someone at your beck and call.”

Flame Emperor was the absolute ruler of the Yan Shen race, so even though Luo Feng displayed formidable power, this warrior was not intimidated enough to retreat.

Luo Feng looked at the undying warrior. Though surrounded and oppressed by his power, the warrior was filled with fighting spirit. The moment his godly power dispersed, it would drown this undying warrior with its absolute power… Yet, the eyes of that undying warrior were so filled with anger that they looked as though they could spout fire. He did not give any further utterance.

Luo Feng looked toward the main palace and said, “Flame Emperor, even this lowly undying warrior has the guts to shout at me. Why are you in hiding? This is your sanctuary, where you can control the space and time. Don’t you pretend you can’t hear me!”

Finishing his words, Luo Feng waited in silence.

Indeed, everyone knew that this was the home of the Yan Shen race, where Flame Emperor possessed ultimate control. If he pretended to turn a deaf ear to Luo Feng’s words, that would be him taking Luo Feng for a fool.

Mere seconds later…

Hong!

A strong wave of godly power spurted out from the main palace in the distance and was followed by a complete closure of the sealed space. With a flash of light, a figure appeared directly before Luo Feng.

“Are you Luo Feng, the human Blade River Emperor?” asked a burly, single-horned man with a bald head. He wore black war armor and was approximately 30 feet tall. His body was plastered with scales resembling those of a snake. Even his face was covered with scales, leaving only his scalp bare and shiny. He was a universe knight of the Yan Shen race.

Luo Feng nodded. “Yes,” he said.

“I am Ice Deuteron Knight,” the single-horned, bald knight said with a smile. “Flame Emperor has instructed me to wait here for Blade River Emperor, and here you are, finally. The moment I learned of your arrival, I closed the sealed space meant to protect our race without delay.”

Luo Feng laughed to himself. Closed it? He knew the sealed space had been specially prepared for him.

As the two conversed, the undying warrior who was oppressed by Luo Feng’s godly power could not hear a single word. Ice Deuteron Knight gestured to him.

“Would Blade River Emperor be so kind as to release my fellow man?” Ice Deuteron Knight asked.

Luo Feng retracted his powers upon request.

Ice Deuteron Knight turned to the undying warrior and commanded, “Take your leave quickly.”

“Yes, Knight.” The undying warrior gave a few respectful bows. Then, in an instant, he disappeared.

Ice Deuteron Knight gave a smile and looked at Luo Feng. “Blade River Emperor, please follow me.”

Luo Feng followed with a nod. He was not afraid of whatever tricks Flame Emperor had up his sleeves. While he was on his way here, he had met with all sorts of obstacles, and nothing had brought him down. Now that he had arrived at the territory of the Yan Shen race, if Flame Emperor was unable to play nice, it would be an insult to Luo Feng… and an insult to their teacher, Sitting Mountain Guest!

The duo teleported directly to the palace grounds. There were endless flames around the palaces, and they burned an empty path right in the middle. At the end of the path, several undying warriors of the Yan Shen race stood deferentially on both sides.

Luo Feng and the single-horned knight walked side by side.

“Where is Flame Emperor?” Luo Feng asked.

“That is the main palace,” the single-horned knight said, pointing to the highest palace in the distance. “It is also where the Flame Emperor resides. The two other palaces on each side are the secondary palaces where common guests reside. Blade River Emperor, please proceed to the secondary palace hall. You may be granted an audience with Flame Emperor when he returns.”

Luo Feng changed his countenance. “Buying time?” Luo Feng stared at the single-horned knight. “Is that what Flame Emperor instructed you to do? Did you convey the news of my arrival? Don’t bother trying to tell me that there is no way you can inform him at present. Flame Emperor is the one and only universe master of the entire Yan Shen race. He definitely would have caught wind of any news that spread to this area at any time.”

“Don’t get so anxious, Blade River Emperor.” To his credit, the single-horned knight was not shaken by Luo Feng flaring up. “I have just sent word to Flame Emperor. He is currently in the Original Star, so… to return from the Original Star, he could make use of God Country Transportation, which will bring him here in no time.”

Luo Feng said with indifference, “You lead the way. I will follow your arrangements for now and take a rest in the palace. I shall just wait to see when this Flame Emperor will turn up.”

“Please follow me.”

The single-horned knight showed similar disregard for Luo Feng as he led the way in front. The two walked into the secondary palace hall. After instructing the servants to prepare a spread of delicacies, the single-horned knight left.

“A nobody! And with such arrogance!” the single-horned knight growled once outside. He looked toward the palace. With much disdain, he mused, “Even though you are an undying life form, you only possess the powers of a secondary universe knight; at the very best, you excel at escape tactics! Who are you to show disrespect to our Flame Emperor? If not for Flame Emperor’s command to not create trouble, I would have shown you the consequences for being disrespectful! Humph!”

With that, the single-horned knight turned and left. He could not be bothered with Luo Feng.

In the secondary palace, a fine spread of delicacies from different locations throughout the universe was served. There was also a fine selection of wine. The food alone would have cost undying emperors their entire fortunes.

This second brother of mine certainly puts on quite a show, Luo Feng thought, sitting at the table. Someone leaked the news about my whereabouts, and I am almost certain it was him who discreetly spread the news. He clearly knew I was coming, and yet he chose to delay our meeting. I am here by the orders of Sitting Mountain Guest, and I wield enough power to drive the Force Armor, which is why I am here for it! This is our Teacher’s command, yet he is putting on the airs of a universe master.

Luo Feng could only shake his head.

The Force Armor belonged to Luo Feng to begin with. Flame Emperor had been using it for a long time, and now that its rightful owner had appeared, he was in no rush to return it… On the contrary, it seemed he ordered his underlings to deal with Luo Feng so that he could hold on to Force Armor.

“I shall wait,” Luo Feng said to himself. “Now, to see how long I have to wait. This matter has already been blown out of proportion. The supreme beings in this universe are coming after my life… News has spread all over the place, and I am certain our teacher, Sitting Mountain Guest, must have known and is also paying close attention to everything happening here. Second brother, oh, second brother. With teacher keeping an eye on you, I would like to see how far you can go in this game!”

One day, two days, three days passed…

Then one month. Then two months… And still, there was no news. Flame Emperor still had not arrived.

“More delays… He just continues delaying.”

Luo Feng closed his eyes and mediated while staying connected with the virtual universe with his consciousness. He waited in silence.

This power was, after all, inferior to humans. He could only wait.

Flame Emperor sat cross-legged in one of the ancient forests on the Original Star. He was attentively feeling for the waves coming from the distance; if precious valuables were about to appear, there would be unique signs to announce their presence.

“Third brother,” he muttered, “allow me to tame that arrogance of yours. An extraordinary genius from the human race? Hmm… I was much stronger than you back then. I shall help you understand why a junior like yourself should respect someone with seniority!”

Luo Feng had already stayed in the palace for a year or more, and during this period, he had been waiting peacefully and patiently.

One day, was Luo Feng was meditating cross-legged, he suddenly heard a loud noise.

Hong!

A powerful force dispersed over his surroundings, enshrouding the entire palace grounds. Every being within the palace grounds, from servants to undying warriors, rushed out immediately to bow their respect.

Luo Feng also opened his eyes, then said, “Finally, you’re here.”

Hong! Long!

The surrounding time and space changed. Luo Feng merely observed the transformation happening. Then he found himself in a spacious palace hall.

On the throne of this palace sat a towering, lofty figure. He was densely covered with scales. With that gigantic horn, he was the very picture of the Yan Shen race. His eyes looked down at the waiting Luo Feng who felt an intangible power. It felt as if he had been cast into a burning furnace.

“Second brother,” Luo Feng said, raising his head to meet Flame Emperor’s eyes. He smiled. “Second brother, you are finally here. I, your younger brother, have been waiting a long time.”

Hong!

The towering figure stood up. Step by step, he made his way down the stairs. His godly body shrank as he moved, and by the time he reached the bottom of the stairs, he had reduced to a height comparable to that of Luo Feng. From an earthling’s point of view, Flame Emperor carried an overbearing arrogance and ignored the presence of all others. This arrogance was in his bones—his very soul. It emanated from him naturally. There was no pretense at all! This was different from some other proud and arrogant great beings. Flame Emperor’s arrogance and self-honor were so convincing that many people exclaimed that he was truly deserving to be their overlord.

“Third brother,” Flame Emperor said, looking at Luo Feng with a trace of friendliness in his gaze. “I was on the Original Star, fighting with countless other great beings from the other races for valuables. I met with the crucial moment when a valuable first appeared, so I was delayed for quite a while. I trust you did not take it to heart.”

“Of course I didn’t,” Luo Feng replied.

“Hmm.” Flame Emperor nodded and said, “I had a chat with Pu Ti. Our teacher, Sitting Mountain Guest, has also given me some orders. As for you… I did gather some informative materials intentionally. You are certainly one in a million. An extraordinary genius from the human race. But you should know that everything you have today is because of teacher’s faith in you. Do not be proud. Train humbly and become a universe knight as quickly as you can. Then move on to the status of a universe master. Your first brother and I are waiting for that day to arrive.”

Luo Feng gave a slight frown. He did not like this display of superiority that Flame Emperor was showing, but he dealt with the situation by replying, “Of course, I will work hard.”

“Luck is with you. You can take on the life or death inheritance of the Star Tower to become Sitting Mountain Guest’s third disciple!” Flame Emperor looked at Luo Feng. “That’s why you should cherish this opportunity more than ever. Do not ever disappoint our teacher.”

“Second brother,” Luo Feng replied immediately, “you must know my purpose in coming here.”

“Haha! For the Force Armor. Of course, I know.”

Flame Emperor smiled at Luo Feng. When it came to his third brother, Flame Emperor disliked him. It was purely by instinct. Sitting Mountain Guest had trained the young Flame Emperor wholeheartedly, which was why he had become one of the top-notched, transcendent geniuses of the universe.

And now, Luo Feng was not the least bit inferior to him.

Even Flame Emperor realized that in the future, this third brother would come to own the supreme true treasure, Star Tower! Thus, Flame Emperor saw Luo Feng as an immense threat! Yet Luo Feng was the third disciple Sitting Mountain Guest had dedicated himself to. There was no way Flame Emperor could put a stop to this.

Big brother Pu Ti was the least of Flame Emperor’s concern. He had previously been Sitting Mountain Guest’s servant, so his powers were a far cry from those of Flame Emperor. But this third brother… He kept Flame Emperor on his toes.

“Right,” said Luo Feng. “Here I am for my Force Armor. Our Teacher instructed me to obtain it from you when I possessed the power to drive it. So now, here I am.”

“Force Armor is one of the super true treasures in this vast universe,” Flame Emperor replied, gazing at Luo Feng, “It has limitless power, and you have only just become undying. You are still too weak to unleash its power. You might even lose the Force Armor if it were under your possession. The way I see it, for the sake of the Force Armor—and for your own safety, my brother—you should continue cultivating your power. It is not too late for you to obtain the Force Armor when you have become a universe knight. I shall gladly continue to take care of it for you, and when you have become a universe knight, I will deliver it straight into your hands.”


Chapter 1033: Flame Emperor’s Ambition

Inside the palace.

Luo Feng, who was already dissatisfied with Flame Emperor, was infuriated.

Force Armor belongs to me, he thought. Whether I am able to use it or not—and whether I might lose it or not—has nothing to do with you! I’m here to take the Force Armor under Master Zuo Shan Ke’s command, and all you need to do is give me the Force Armor! Why’re you rambling?

Though Luo Feng was full of anger, his only choice was to suppress it.

Flame Emperor looked at Luo Feng, grinning. “Brother,” he said, “train yourself well and become a universe knight. Then you can use the Force Armor.”

Luo Feng smiled. “Second brother,” he said. “I was able to survive being hunted by all the great beings in the universe without Force Armor. If I can get Force Armor now, I’ll be much more powerful and far less likely to die. You don’t need to worry about me, second brother. Just give me the Force Armor.”

“Don’t take any chances!” Flame Emperor shouted. His voice trembled Luo Feng’s soul. “Force Armor is a super true treasure desired even by universe masters. How can you dare attempt to try your luck?”

Flame Emperor stared at Luo Feng. His power permeated outward like a physical force, suppressing Luo Feng like mountains.

“Force Armor may have belonged to you, but it was, after all, created by Master Zuo Shan Ke after endless time and energy. You should be able to guarantee that you won’t lose it. I’m doing so for your own best interests. Train yourself and become a universe knight, then I’ll give you the Force Armor.”

Flame Emperor’s voice rumbled, shaking Luo Feng’s soul. However, Luo Feng’s willpower was robust, and even without Tower Pearl, it was as strong as that of a universe overlord… Flame Emperor was only a powerful universe master proficient in close combat. He wasn’t able to change a universe overlord’s mind with his voice alone.

“Second brother, do I sense that are you reluctant to give me the Force Armor?” Luo Feng gazed at Flame Emperor.

Heng!

Flame Emperor suddenly became furious, and the entire palace was trapped in anger. His power suppressed Luo Feng.

“Third brother,” Flame Emperor said, “I’ve been keeping the Force Armor for you for hundreds of millions of years under the order of Master Zuo Shan Ke, and I’ll give it to you when you’re strong enough! Although you can utilize the Force Armor, you’re still weak, and I’m doing this for your best interest! If you lose the Force Armor, you’ll disappoint Master Zuo Shan Ke.”

“Don’t worry about that.” Luo Feng was firm. “I’ll tell Master Zuo Shan Ke myself if I lose it.”

“Tell him? How’re you going to tell him?” Flame Emperor asked him.

“It’s none of your business,” Luo Feng answered.

“Just because you’ve accomplished a little bit, you became so arrogant?” Flame Emperor shook his head.

Luo Feng looked at Flame Emperor and said calmly, “No need to say more, second brother. I’m here today to take Force Armor. Are you going to give it to me or not?”

“You’re not powerful enough—” said Flame Emperor.

But Luo Feng cut him off. “I don’t have the power to take it from you if you’re not willing to give it to me. My only recourse is to tell Master Zuo Shan Ke later. If Master Zuo Shan Ke thinks you should still keep Force Armor, I won’t bother you again.” Luo Feng slightly bowed. “I’ll show myself out.”

Luo Feng turned around and started to leave. Flame Emperor was startled. He had never said that he was unwilling to give up Force Armor! He wanted Luo Feng to back off on his own… Flame Emperor believed that if Luo Feng gave up, Master Zuo Shan Ke wouldn’t meddle. After all, it was Luo Feng who conceded first. Flame Emperor couldn’t say no directly, as it contradicted the order of Master Zuo Shan Ke.

“Third brother!” Flame Emperor yelled.

However, Luo Feng didn’t stop.

“Stop!” Flame Emperor yelled.

His voice shook the very space and time around him.

Luo Feng went back to the palace after seeing the scenes around him change. He looked at Flame Emperor and said, “Why are you stopping me? I’m going to see Master Zuo Shan Ke.”

“When did I say I was refusing to give it to you?” demanded Flame Emperor. “I was just telling you that you’re weak. But if you really want it regardless of my warnings, then I’ll have to give it to you. Don’t blame me if you lose it in the future. This is Force Armor!”

Flame Emperor turned his hands around, and a set of exquisite, diamond armor appeared on his palm. There were engravings dimming on the armor. The Force Armor was like a Heavenly God in Flame Emperor’s hands, and Luo Feng held his breath looking at it.

Gazing at Force Armor, Luo Feng was thrilled. It was derived from many more solid pieces of armor—general armor, king armor, and emperor armor—and it was a superior true treasure prepared by Zuo Shan Ke for his third disciple. Even a pinnacle universe master like Flame Emperor was reluctant to give it away. After all, he had never obtained a true treasure like Force Armor or “Flame Emperor Halberd” on his own.

“What are you still waiting for?” Flame Emperor said.

Luo Feng reached out his hands, and his godly power wound around the Force Armor like threads. He pierced Force Armor with a trace of his godly power and seared his life imprint in it, and at the same time, ancient information on Force Armor flooded Luo Feng’s mind.

Sou!

Luo Feng put Force Armor into his world ring.

“Second brother, I’ll take my leave now,” said Luo Feng with a smile. “I’ll come back and see you again, if I have the chance.”

“You can come here whenever you want,” Flame Emperor said.

Luo Feng left the main palace immediately and walked along the portal separating the space palaces and the outside. The palaces were isolated from the surrounding space ripples, which meant it was impossible to teleport outside. The only one who could do that was Flame Emperor, the owner of the palace.

Sou!

Luo Feng teleported himself immediately after leaving the palaces and left the territory of the Flame God Race using the God Country Transportation of one of his slaves.

Flame Emperor stood outside the main palace, leaning against the handrail as Luo Feng left using God Country Transportation.

Heng!

“Third brother,” Flame Emperor whispered. “Impressive. Both of the two candidates died during life or death inheritance, yet you survived…”

Although he claimed that Luo Feng was lucky, he knew clearly that Zuo Shan Ke had a wide range of options for his disciple. There were billions of beings in each generation on Earth, and Luo Feng was the first one to succeed in billions of years. Even without Zuo Shan Ke’s training, he was exceptional.

Flame Emperor had become who he was today after endless suffering, but he knew that the obstacles Zuo Shan Ke gave him were not tricky. Life or Death Inheritance was the most terrifying one!

“He took the Force Armor in the end,” Flame Emperor said, slowly calming himself down. Though he was wary of Luo Feng, he knew that even if Luo Feng became a universe master with Star Tower, he was, at most, an exceptional universe master who could suppress him; being a universe master was not enough to kill him. Unless he became a universe supreme master…

“There are only few universe supreme masters in the universe. As long as a race has a universe supreme master, it’s a pinnacle race! Only superpowers who have universe supreme masters on their side are the real top-tier superpowers. They’re able to turn back time to resurrect universe overlords, and they can withstand the backlash from the universe easily. They all have exceptional skills… They’re able to control the sky and land wherever they go, and even universe law has to avoid them. Master Zuo Shan Ke is one of them. Only if someone becomes a supreme master can they be at the top of the universe!”

Flame Emperor’s eyes gleamed with desire. He wasn’t willing to be second-best to anyone, which was why he had always been so determined to improve his power sharply. Though he had Zuo Shan Ke as his teacher, he had made his breakthrough mainly through independent practice. He already stood among the top-tier universe masters, and he was only one step away from becoming a universe supreme master!

The term “supreme master” was self-explanatory enough. They were considered the most powerful beings in existence! They were able to dominate an entire territory of the universe! They could wander the universe alone without fear of being disturbed. They could also admit talents as their disciples by robbing other races without being stopped!

“I’ll be at your level if I can take one step further, Master Zuo Shan Ke,” Flame Emperor said. He turned around and walked back to his palace.

Human territory, Ganwu Universe Country.

Mosha Luo Feng walked out of a pit on an arid planet.

“My god country is 3,300 light years away.”

Mosha body stepped forward.

Sou!

In no time, he traveled 1,000 light years forward.

Mosha body was able to merge with space better than universe knights, and when becoming a special life form after absorbing the essence from Space Heart, Mosha body had been able to perfectly merge with space. He had even gained the talent technique Domain, by which he could teleport himself 100 light years at one time. After becoming undying, his godly power and mind were significantly improved, and he could teleport himself as far as universe knights.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

He entered the space interlayer after three teleportations. He teleported once more and entered his god country.

The god country was boundless, and the Remote Ocean was expanding slowly. In the sky above the Remote Ocean, Luo Feng walked out from the gleaming golden palace and stood on the waves.

“Force Armor!”

Luo Feng was covered by a suit of transparent armor, which had completely integrated with his godly body. Each fiber of Force Armor was combined with Luo Feng’s muscles and organs, and boundless strength filled his body.

The power felt magnificent—omnipotent. Luo Feng closed his eyes and reveled in it.

“No wonder it’s a true treasure prepared by Master Zuo Shan Ke!” Luo Feng exclaimed.

He had already received the information while with Flame Emperor. Force Armor was a special suit of armor. Unlike other true treasures that required law comprehension to be utilized, Force Armor required the strength of godly bodies, like soldier armor, general armor, and king armor. The sturdier the godly body was, the more powerful Force Armor would be!

Hong!

A gigantic shadow suddenly appeared. It was Golden Horned Beast.

Luo Feng smiled. “Try the Force Armor on,” he said.

Sou!

The transparent armor flew toward Golden Horned Beast like a beam of light, merging with the godly body of Golden Horned Beast.


Chapter 1034: This is the Force Armor!

When Luo Feng received Force Armor, he, too, had a taste of its power. He connected to the virtual universe with his consciousness, as he wanted to inform his Master, True Yan Knight, that he would enter the Original Star.

In the virtual universe, near the boundless mountainside of Thunder Island, stood True Yan Knight’s palaces. There were six figures sitting before the palaces, drinking wine while chatting loudly.

A burly, stout man with three horns on his head held up a strange wine bottle and took big gulps. “Rumor has it that on the vast plain of one original star, a splendid godly palace emerged out of the blue,” he said. “In front of it, there was an ancient tablet that documented detailed information about a top-tier true treasure. With this true treasure, one can escape from enemies by teleporting or cut through layers of space easily while in battle… It is a superior true treasure that is good for escaping and attacking. This top-tier true treasure is called the ‘Heavenly Gold Sail.’” He tutted and sighed. “The very next moment, three universe masters, 18 universe overloads, and more than 100 universe knights dashed into the palace. The doors shut quickly. And when it opened again six years later, the number of survivors was half the number who entered. Rumor has it that the Heavenly Gold Sail was eventually taken by a universe master of the Northern Territory Alliance.”

The other five universe knights, including True Yan, jested in response.

“Really? Kuang Zhou Knight, don’t make up more stories like you did before.”

“If that really happened, why were we unaware of it?”

Kuang Zhou Knight glared so hard his eyes seemed to bulge out like little, round balls. “Make up stories? I did not—not now, not then.”

“But previously, the news that you shared was about something that happened when the Original Star opened two cycles back,” teased a werewolf knight whose body was covered in cyan hair.

“The Heavenly Gold Sail I just mentioned is a top-tier true treasure that had just made its first appearance when the Original Star opened this time!” Kuang Zhou Knight said, his eyes still wide open. “I have many good friends, and many of them who entered the Original Star this time came back with stories of all sorts. I just learned about the Heavenly Gold Sail today and immediately came to tell you all about it. And you think I’m bluffing? If you don’t believe me, just wait and see. After a few years, news of the Heavenly Gold Sail will reach everyone. By then, you all will know the truth.”

“Don’t be angry, Kuang Zhou Knight. Tell us more about the birth of this top-tier true treasure.”

“Yes, tell us more! Let me pour you more wine.”

The other universe knights persuaded him with smiles.

Kuang Zhou Knight was appeased and downed the wine in his bottle in a single gulp. Then he held it out and said, “Fill this up. You are all too greedy. These top-tier true treasures… Every one of them is precious enough to drive universe masters crazy with desire—crazy to the extent that they are willing to kill one another.” Kuang Zhou Knight shook his head with a sigh. “This time around, the Original Star has only been open for slightly over 100 years. How is it possible to have so many top-tier true treasures to talk about already? If even a few top-tier true treasures were to emerge, I’m afraid there are bound to be several universe masters killed.”

Suddenly, the other universe knights turned to look at a faraway figure flying toward them.

“Everyone, take a look.”

“Isn’t that Blade River Emperor Luo Feng?”

“True Yan, your disciple is here.”

Indeed, it was Luo Feng.

“I heard your disciple was in the territory of the Yan Shen race about a hundred years ago where he was hunted down by countless great beings of other races. But he managed to escape unscathed. True Yan, upon comparing techniques, at least his ability to escape is much stronger than yours.”

“Of course, he is stronger than me,” True Yan laughed. “He is a future pillar of support for the human race. His survival power must be superior.”

While they were chatting, Luo Feng had made his way to where they sat.

“Teacher,” Luo Feng greeted with a smile.

“Luo Feng, come, take a seat,” True Yan said and pointed to a seat next to him.

Luo Feng laughed and sat down. He looked around at the other universe knights and acknowledged them with a smile. “Everyone else is here, too, I see.”

An elderly who resembled a lion at first glance, because his body was covered with long hair, said with a smile, “We did not dare enter the Original Star when it first opened. We would like to hear more news about it, to get to know more about what is happening in the Original Star. Blade River Emperor, we heard about your intention to enter that Original Star. Why is it that you have yet to go?”

He had inferred as much because the moment one entered the Original Star, it was impossible to connect to the virtual universe.

Kuang Zhou Knight glowered. “How would you know whether Blade River Emperor has gone or not? Blade River Emperor has the talent of dividing himself into several bodies. Maybe he has left one body in the human race domain. That way, he would be able to enter the virtual universe anytime.”

“That makes sense.”

“Kuang Zhou Knight makes a lot of sense!”

The others laughed loudly. Some looked over at Luo Feng and said, “Blade River Emperor, have you been to the Original Star?”

“Not yet.” Luo Feng smiled. “But really soon. I am here to inform my master. Then I will enter the Original Star.”

“Immediately?” True Yan Knight was slightly taken aback.

“Blade River Emperor, who is going in with you?” the werewolf knight asked. “You are not going alone, are you?”

Luo Feng nodded. “I am going alone.”

Everyone began objecting.

“That is too dangerous!”

“There were numerous senior universe knights being killed! Blade River Emperor, it is better for you to form alliances with other great beings.”

Luo Feng laughed and said, “No worries. I am just going to accumulate experience.”

Kuang Zhou Knight looked at Luo Feng through his bell-shaped eyes. “Well, I have some detailed information about the Original Star, including all kinds of things that have happened over the past hundred years. I like making friends. This allows me to collect all kinds of information. I may not know the most, but I definitely rank in the top three on that list! I shall provide you with the information later. Before you enter, take a good look and understand everything that roams within each original star.”

Luo Feng was thankful. “That is just so gracious of Kuang Zhou Knight.”

“Kuang Zhou Knight does know a lot of things and has a plethora of information,” True Yan Knight agreed, smiling.

“But Blade River Emperor,” Kuang Zhou Knight continued, his eyes still wide open, “the more knowledge I collect, the more I realize how much danger lurks on the original stars. There is no law and order there to keep it in check. Initially, it may seem peaceful. However, when true treasures start to emerge, there will be much commotion. Supreme beings will come forth to fight for the right to claim them. The weaker ones will be eliminated in no time. The way I see it, with that power of yours… and the many true treasures in your possession… you are bound to attract the attention of the jealous great beings of other races. Your chances of survival may not be more than 10 percent.”

“10 percent? Are you sure?”

The other universe knights shook their heads. “Luo Feng has the talent technique Domain. How can you say his chance of survival does not exceed 10 percent?”

Thanks to escaping death while being hunted down by a horde of universe great beings, Luo Feng had earned himself quite a reputation. Still, Luo Feng was taken aback. Were his chances really that low?

“Is it because of the universe masters?” Luo Feng frowned. “Universe masters are strong, of course. More than half of those gathered on the Original Star this time around are said to be universe masters. But there are few of them, and they are scattered across all the 10,081 original stars. There won’t be any universe masters on the majority of the original stars. The chances of running into one are low.”

“I am saying that your chance of survival is low because of the environment inside the original stars, not because of the universe masters,” Kuang Zhou Knight explained. “Every original star can only be so big, and there are so many senior universe knights and universe overlords gathered in the stars… But once your location is exposed, the others will immediately plan their counterattack against your talent technique Domain… Hence, you will not be able to escape. And eventually, you will be killed.”

Luo Feng gave a slight nod. That was true. As had been pointed out to him before, a trump card revealed was no longer a trump card at all. Domain’s powers may have been out of this world, but that did not make him invincible. If a few universe overlords with malicious intentions worked together, it wouldn’t be difficult to defeat him. There were even some universe overlords with first-rate techniques strong enough to solve problems single-handedly.

“It is best that you have a partner,” Kuang Zhou Knight warned. “Complement one another so that when there is danger, both of you can depend on your talent technique Domain to escape. Some kinds of danger require the help of a partner to withstand.”

“Thank you, Kuang Zhou Knight,” Luo Feng said with a smile.

“The information has been sent to you,” Kuang Zhou Knight said.

The next moment, Luo Feng received an email. The attached file contained an extensive amount of detailed information in the form of text, pictures, and video clips about various events that had happened during the hundred years or more since the opening of the Original Star.

Luo Feng sighed inwardly. Luckily… he had obtained his Force Armor!

With Force Armor, it is as if I am carrying a fortress with me, Luo Feng thought. Together with the power of my Mosha body to transform and replicate the shape and aura of other beings, who could recognize me as Blade River Emperor, Luo Feng?

Back in his God Country, his original earthling body and Golden Horned Beast body had tried on the Force Armor and had each felt its power. The situation coincided with the information he acquired as to what would happen the moment the Force Armor recognized its master.

Luo Feng could not help but marvel… Force Armor was truly a supreme true treasure! He could understand why a supreme being such as Flame Emperor would resort to such underhand means to hold on to it. Luo Feng guessed that Force Armor might even be more powerful than Thousand Treasure River.

Force Armor was refined and made according to Sitting Mountain Guest’s design. It was a true treasure in the form of a unique set of armor and was very different from the other true treasures Luo Feng knew of.

To control true treasures like the Shi Wu Wings and Golden King Armor—as well as treasures like Ancient Boat Galaxy—required one to have a very high law comprehension, even someone like Luo Feng could only achieve the second forms of Shi Wu Wings and Golden King Armor. As for Ancient Boat Galaxy, he was still unable to unleash its full potential.

But Force Armor was entirely different! Soldier, general, king, and emperor armor were all unrelated to law comprehension. Instead, they were dependent on bodily strength. Force Armor was the same way; it was dependent on bodily strength. If the godly body was not strong enough, it would be useless even if one had high law comprehension. If the godly body was strong, nothing would go wrong even if one had low law comprehension.

Force Armor had three different forms. The first form required 100 million times the strength of a sector lord for activation. Once activated, it could block off and weaken the force of material attacks to 1/1,000, soul attacks would be weakened to only 1/10, and the user would gain strength equal to 100 million times that of a sector lord.

The second form required 100 billion times the strength of a sector lord for activation. Once activated, it could block off and weaken the force of material attacks to 1/10,000, soul attacks would be weakened to 1/10, and the user would gain strength equal to one trillion times that of a sector lord.

The third form required 100 trillion times the strength of a sector lord for activation. Once activated, it could block off and weaken the force of material attacks to 1/100,000, soul attacks would be weakened to 1/10, and the user would gain strength equal to 100 trillion times that of a sector lord.

This was an extremely powerful life-saving true treasure. Once a universe master burned up his godly body to activate it, he would be able to activate the third form. With this form, any material attacks by super true treasures of other universe masters were rendered futile! Material attacks would pose no threat at all!

These effects only applied as long as one was not facing off against a more powerful attack-based true treasure, such as supreme true treasures. Should such a supreme true treasure appear in the Original Star, a heated fight among numerous universe masters would occur. For one or two universe masters to lose their lives in the fray was nothing out of the norm.


Chapter 1035: Entering the Original Stars

Inside Luo Feng’s palace on Thunder Island.

In the sanctity of his private quarters, Luo Feng read the material on the original stars.

“Impressive,” he said. “This Kuang Zhou Knight indeed gathered detailed information about the original stars, and my plan will work! But it’s indeed dangerous. And it’s a place where the strong rule. Okay, the other three bodies of mine are already at the portal to original stars.”

In a space more than 100 light years away from the human territory, there were no stars in the space. Instead, there were only storms formed by hydromagnetic fluid.

A 40-foot shadow stood in the space. He had a pair of silver horns and purple eyes, and he was covered with gray scales. In addition, he had a scorpion tail… He stood there, bloody and powerful. There was a strange beast squatting on his shoulder. The beast had wings, five horns on its head, and thick hoofs.

Anyone knowledgeable would be able to identify this creature—a creature in human form with horns, gray scales, and a scorpion tail… It was “Purple Pupa Beast.” Beasts could come in all forms, and some of them looked like humans. Purple Pupa Beast was one of them. Purple Pupa Beasts were known for their bloodthirstiness… Of course, most space beasts were bloodthirsty.

Many great beings would have also recognized the strange, three-foot-long beast on Purple Pupa Beast’s shoulder. It was Golden Horned Beast, one of the twelve pinnacle creatures of space beasts!

“Haha! Even my teacher is unable to recognize me,” Luo Feng said with a smile. “Mosha body turned into the shape of a Purple Pupa Beast, and it didn’t produce any aura.”

Luo Feng stroked the Golden Horned Beast on his shoulder. “The world ring inside Mosha body was hiding Remote Ocean body, and Remote Ocean body emanated its force through the world ring…”

Luo Feng smiled. Other great beings would only sense the bloodthirsty ferocity when they witnessed Mosha body firsthand. His forceful presence rivaled that of a powerful universe knight.

The extent of a being’s power was related to its godly body. The stronger the body, the stronger the power. Universe overlords were powerful because of the pinnacle or ultimate techniques they created. However, their power was similar to that of universe knights, which was why it was impossible to sense a universe overlord if he didn’t voluntarily show his power.

Luo Feng’s Remote Ocean body was 100 million times stronger than that of a sector lord, and because of its enormous size, its power was comparatively greater than many strong universe knights.

Of course… the power of Golden Horned Beast was even stronger! Although Golden Horned Beast was currently only around six feet long, he had already performed both Deities of the World and Beast God Transformation. Luo Feng had bought innumerable precious material to practice Deities of the World during the 80,000 years he had spent creating his ultimate techniques. After all, it wouldn’t cost him much to practice as a sector lord.

Luo Feng had already been at a high status without his multiple treasures, and he could trade one of the treasures for many precious materials. He easily achieved the highest level of Deities of the World—36 times amplification. After finishing Deities of the World, his body could be easily enlarged and shrunk at will, and it wouldn’t affect his power!

Deities of the World had amplification of 36 times, and the third level of Beast God Transformation had amplification of eight times… When they were combined, they could only give Golden Horned Beast’s body an amplification of 45 times! However, if he performed his talent technique Strengthen, he could reach an amplification of 90 times!

My Mosha body emanated the force of Remote Ocean Body, and it’s at the level of senior universe knights, Luo Feng thought. However, the force coming from Golden Horned Beast is much more powerful.

Luo Feng looked at the Golden Horned Beast on his shoulder, and the Golden Horned Beast looked at him as well. They exchanged eye contact.

“Haha…! Anyone who sees us will regard us as two great beings of the Space Beast Alliance.”

Luo Feng smiled. There were nine superpowers in the universe, and they were the six alliances of the six pinnacle races, the Ancestral God School, the Northern Territory Alliance, and the Space Beast Alliance.

The six alliances and the Northern Territory Alliance fought fiercely against each other. As for the Ancestral God School and the Space Beast Alliance, they avoided confrontations. The Ancestral God School didn’t fight for any territories, and the Space Beast Alliance was rarely seen. Even an ordinary Space Beast was a rare sight.

The land of Space Beast Alliance was a secret in the universe. Although some great beings of Space Beast Alliance could be seen under some special circumstances—such as the opening of original stars—few knew where the land of the Space Beast Alliance was.

A type of being that normally avoided battle and didn’t fight for territories… It was the perfect disguise.

My human identity is renowned in the universe. In my own form, I am like a moving treasury on original stars. I’ll definitely be hunted down by the various races. Luo Feng took a glance at his grey scales. This appearance won’t attract much attention, and I won’t be encircled by them.

After all, there were great beings of all races on original stars. They intimidated each other. They wouldn’t attack others unless they could guarantee success, and the one known as Blade River Emperor —Luo Feng—was certainly tempting.

Two great beings of Space Beast, however, were not so easy to deal with.

Luo Feng looked at the distant place. There was a gigantic whirlpool among the hydromagnetic storms. It had a diameter of six billion miles. It was gleaming and twisting the space around him, and the pressure from the whirlpool could crush an ordinary undying fighter.

“A portal to original stars!” Luo Feng whispered.

Sou!

Luo Feng stepped into the portal and flew inside. The deeper he got, the stronger the pressure became.

Hong! Long!

The pressure trembled the surrounding space, and Luo Feng disappeared deep in the portal.

A towering figure flew out of the whirlpool. Its bloodiness and fierceness were terrifying. However, there was a more ferocious force around him… Two forces emanated from the towering figure and the strange, somehow endearing beast.

“These are the original stars!” Luo Feng looked around. The whirlpool portal was behind him. “They’re boundless.”

Luo Feng could feel the pressure bearing down on him. It was far stronger than it had been on a neutron star or in Ice Hell.

Luo Feng landed in a forest. There were 10,081 original stars, and each of them was of the same size—a diameter of 60 billion miles! Space ripples were completely frozen on the original stars, and the pressure could annihilate ordinary undying fighters. The pressure trembled the space. In addition, God Country Transportation was not allowed here.

The star only had a diameter of 60 billion miles, which wasn’t large to supreme beings… However, under such pressure, it would take Luo Feng a long time to boost his speed. Plus, under such great pressure, turning and changing speeds would be a clumsy affair. This place was like a domain coming out of a domain type true treasure.

“The pressure is enormous. Even my Mosha body with a life gene level of 100 times and strength ten million times greater than that of a sector lord finds it difficult to walk on original stars.”

Luo Feng walked carefully with Golden Horned Beast lying on his shoulders. He walked out of the forest and arrived at the bottom of the mountain. There was a vast plain in front of him.

Luo Feng moved forward and carefully sensed the energy force surrounding him. According to the information gathered by Kuang Zhou Knight, sensing the energy force on original stars was the most popular way to find valuables among the great beings.

After a long while…

Hong!

An energy ripple reached Luo Feng.

“It’s there…”

Luo Feng turned around.

Hong!

Luo Feng immediately sped up like a beam of light. However, the faster he got, the stronger the resistance became, and Mosha body clearly couldn’t bear it.

“The resistance is so strong. Burn godly power now!”

Luo Feng started to burn a portion of his godly body. He sped up and reached sub-lightspeed instantly. He flew off into the distance. There was a boundless plain beneath him.

Luo Feng kept flying. After a short while, he saw five great beings fighting one another on the hills.

Sou!

Luo Feng landed.

“Five universe knights,” Luo Feng muttered. He saw someone from the demon race on one side. He was enormous and incredibly powerful. On the other side, there were beings of various other races. Luo Feng quickly speculated, If one of them is of the demon race, and the others are probably from Nine Territory Alliance.

There were nine superpowers in the universe, and there were twelve top powers. The twelve top powers were not necessarily inferior to the human alliance and demon alliance when it came to the number of races and universe knights. The only thing distinguished them from the superpowers was a universe supreme being!

There are six teams of great beings, Luo Feng though, looking around.

Apparently, many great beings were attracted to the fight, and there were six more spectators other than him. However, they were all watching from afar instead of meddling.

A beast with three heads transmitted its voice, calling out, “Prison race alliance, Crystal race alliance, and Ci Huan Alliance…! And there’s a great being of the Space Beast Alliance, too. We’ve already got two of the three treasures. Let’s go.”

“Space Beast Alliance!” A being of the demon race with a turtle shell looked toward Luo Feng. “Let’s go!”

Demon race was closely related to the Space Beast Alliance, and the demon race had always thought that space beasts belonged to the demon race.

Sou! Sou!

Two universe knights of the demon race left, and so did the other three universe knights of the Nine Territory Alliance.


Chapter 1036: Chancing upon a Valuable

After the fight, the great beings from the demon race and the Nine Territory Alliance left. The seven waves of the audience—consisting of great beings from other races attracted by the commotion— watched the fight from afar. Thereafter, the crowd dispersed quietly.

“Everything that happened matched the description Kuang Zhou Knight gave me precisely.” Luo Feng said as he cruised along the skyline of the deserted plain with Golden Horned Beast crouching on his shoulder obediently. “The great beings within the Original Star are very cautious. If there too few valuables, or if they are not confident enough, they will not take action. During the fight between the demon race and the Nine Territory Alliance, there was no aura of a true treasure at all. I think it probably involved only a few treasures.”

If its aura was concealed, then a true treasure would not be easy to differentiate from an ordinary treasure based on appearance alone. However, things were different on the original stars.

The original stars were full of valuables. When different types of valuables appeared, there would not be much response; when some top-tier series of treasures appeared, perhaps there would be some response. However, during the “birth of a true treasure,” there would absolutely be a response!

The greater the response, the higher the level of the true treasure. There was even a palace surfacing from underground. This palace was where a true treasure was hidden. It could be implied, therefore, that the greater the response, the higher the level of the true treasure.

“Huh?” Luo Feng said, observing a whirlpool from a distance. It was suspended in midair. “Another whirlpool portal, with no means of knowing which original star the path leads to.”

According to the description provided in the information given to him, there were 10,081 original stars, and there were 10,081 whirlpools associated portals randomly distributed that led to each star. Among them, only one was used for leaving the stars—which was the path leading to the whirlpool portal Luo Feng had utilized to arrive at his destination. The other 10,080 paths led to the other 10,080 original stars.

“All great beings in the original stars seek treasures,” said Luo Feng. “They do not run about randomly and recklessly. Most of them probably stand guard at a certain spot and wait patiently. Once they sense a trace of an aura or any other unique, telling sign somewhere, they rush to it.”

Luo Feng decided to learn from the experience accumulated from the prior generations of original stars. He would faithfully follow their practices.

Sou!

Immediately, Luo Feng dove down and found himself flying into a low-lying ancient forest. There was a mountain that was approximately 600 miles high. Although it was much taller than any other mountain on Earth, when compared to those in the original stars, it would have been considered average. The ancient trees, flowers, and foliage on the stars were beautiful.

Treading on a bed of fallen leaves, Luo Feng strolled about leisurely.

“The pressure here on the original star is overwhelming!” he said. “Weaker undying spirits would surely be annihilated. Yet these plants are able to thrive and bloom here amid mountains and rock formations.” Luo Feng looked around and saw a short, sturdy tree with a trunk that was a whopping 100 feet thick. “Unquestionably, these plants could all be materials for making undying weapons. They are definitely rare materials of high value.”

Luo Feng was aware of this, but he would not take anything. There were pioneers who had already attempted to do so!

Peng!

Luo Feng kicked the tree trunk. Judging by the impact created by his strong godly power crashing against the tree, Luo Feng could sense that the large tree merged as one with the vast land. From a single kick, his entire body was thrown into the air, and he landed quite a distance away, sprawled among the lush garden of flowers and greenery. He picked himself up.

“Truly…” he marveled. “All this foliage is merged as one with the original star. The intel mentioned that the plant life here was not easily damaged. Even if super-beings tried to cause damage intentionally, they would gather together and grow rapidly to recover their original form.”

Luo Feng used his godly power to isolate himself from the surroundings. Then he ignited the godly power on his right leg. His power increased tremendously. A loud Hong! sounded as he stamped his foot into the ground, creating a large cloud of soil launched into the air. The impact had created a hole in the ground.

Luo Feng stood aside and watched wordlessly. A while later, the dispersed soil redistributed itself, and the hole was once again filled. There was no sign of the hold in the ground. Everything returned to its original form.

“Indeed,” Luo Feng mused. “What an amazing original star.”

On the original stars, any object that was seemingly “merged as one” with the original star—the earth, the foliage, and more—could be forcefully taken away, but only for a short moment. It would always return to its rightful spot very quickly. It was destined that any efforts to harvest these objects would prove futile. Only objects that were not merged as one with the original stars, like valuables that had just emerged, could be taken away.

Immersing himself in the amazing original star, Luo Feng strolled through the forest, observing everything around him.

Chi!

Luo Feng’s leg felt something hard and solid. Given his godly power, ordinary stones would have flown away, the uneven ground would be flattened.

“Huh?” Luo Feng looked down.

A sharp, silver edge was jutting out of the ground. Its tip was stained with mud. Luo Feng felt the object meticulously. There was something unique about it.

He blinked. “I can’t be that lucky, can I?” He muttered to himself.

There were so many valuables in the original stars. Some treasures might appear without any indication; they could appear in places like the river and beneath the soil. Even while walking, one might chance upon a treasure… This sort of occurrence was not unprecedented.

“Chancing upon a valuable while walking?” Luo Feng squatted down and touched the sharp edge with his right hand. His sharp nails locked on firmly, and his godly power encircled the sharp silver edge as though it were a network of threads. He exerted some force.

Hua!

As though he was plucking a carrot, he pulled. The earth loosened, and a silver object with a squarish body, approximately a foot and a half long was pulled out of the ground. Luo Feng skimmed the object with his godly power, and all the mud was wiped off. A silver, square body with an exquisite cover inscribed with some ancient laws was revealed. Its aura was indistinct, but it was undoubtedly a treasure.

“Haha! No wonder Sir Nine Blade was willing to use ten treasures as a thank-you token just to borrow one of my true treasures!” said Luo Feng. He was all smiles. “On this original star, there are so many treasures that I could chance upon one while walking.”

Chancing upon a valuable while walking… Now, that was lucky! However, there were indeed many treasures on the original star. So long as one stayed there long enough, it would not be too difficult to obtain dozens or maybe even hundreds of these treasures. They could then be contributed to one’s race in exchange for a series of treasures! Moreover, these treasures could also be disassembled into valuable materials that were normally difficult to find.

Upon disassembling a great volume of treasures, countless valuable materials could be gathered and reconstructed into an ordinary true treasure. Making an ordinary true treasure was no easy feat. There may have been only one being in the universe who could construct super true treasures such as Force Armor, Original Soul, and Yan Shen halberd, and that individual was none other than Sitting Mountain Guest.

Luo Feng’s life imprint branded this square body; instantly, it became his belonging. A stream of information was transmitted into him, and the silver square body shrunk rapidly, as though it were a magic cube. Soon, it was no bigger than a peach.

“Ha! A seal type treasure that could contain a sealed space within itself. This is comparable to a sealed star.” Luo Feng nodded with satisfaction. “The first treasure since I entered this original star, and on the first day… If I could obtain one every day, after hundreds and thousands of years, how many treasures will I have collected? Haha…!”

He knew that it was impossible. Nonetheless, it was fun to think about chancing upon treasures every day during leisurely strolls.

Luo Feng walked about the forest for half the day, but alas, not a single treasure was to be found. He roamed aimlessly and found an empty spot where he sat down cross-legged amidst the falling leaves. There, he waited patiently.

Time flew by. The original stars had stayed open for a full 1,000 centuries, affirming the fact that the chances of previous true treasures emerging were destined to be low. The occurrence was once in a blue moon. Eventually, a series of treasures and ordinary true treasures—normally common items—became highly sought after.

Finding treasures required a little luck. It had been two years since Luo Feng had first set foot on the original star, and he had yet to catch sight of a series of treasures. Although he did manage to sense their aura on three occasions, the auras were relatively weak to his senses. This showed how sharp the other great beings were.

The ones closest to the valuables when they appeared were the luckiest ones. During the three times when the series of treasures had appeared, Luo Feng was too far away. By the time he rushed over, the fight for the series of treasures had already ended.

“Luck! I don’t even have a single series of treasures. It has been two years, and I have only obtained two treasures. What a shame!”

Luo Feng stood at the apex of the ancient forest and looked out into the distance. Two years for two treasures still would have been considered quite efficient. After all, life in the original star was fraught with constant risk.

Luo Feng was now disguised as a member of the Space Beast Alliance. As the Space Beast Alliance bore a mysterious, otherworldly aura, great beings of other races would usually steer clear from the great beings of this alliance. It had been two years, and Luo Feng— along with the Golden Horned Beast on his shoulder—had earned quite a reputation for themselves. At least, many great beings had come to know and remember them.

“The Humanity Alliance, the Demon Alliance, the Automaton Race Alliance, and the Bug Soldiers Alliance have all been engaged in violent fights,” Luo Feng muttered to himself. “So long as there is a pretext for violence, battles are always a possibility.”

The four pinnacle races were adjacent to one another. Hatred was being perpetually accumulated, and the battles in the original stars were always exceedingly violent.

Maybe Luo Feng was still too young to understand. Even though he had experienced an ambush by spies of the bug soldiers—which had led to the destruction of a planet—as well as an assassination attempt by Mud Swallowing Knight, his detest for the bug soldiers, the demon race, and the automaton race, was not intense to the point of being extreme, nor to the extent of insanity.

Luo Feng simply did not harbor such hatred in his heard, but great beings of the human race who had truly lived for a long time were different. They had lived too long and, as a result, had accumulated countless conflicts and excessive hatred for the other three pinnacle races… One fight followed another, building up their hatred bit by bit. It seemed that eventually, every man’s hatred ran deep.

“I have been here for two years, yet never once have I engaged in battle,” Luo Feng sighed to himself.

Just as he was feeling some self-pity, he detected a unique aura spreading out toward where he was. Now that he was more experienced, he was stunned. Immediately, he reacted.

“It’s a series of treasures,” he realized. “Or an ordinary true treasure! And this aura seems close!”

Luo Feng was excited. He hadn’t been even remotely close to the treasures he had sensed the previous three times, but this time, it felt very close.

Sou!

Luo Feng’s Mosha body ignited its godly power in a blink of the eye. At full speed, it shot off!

Hong!

It flew straight to the source of aura.

A huge being from the Prison Race—standing at a height of over 30 feet with his entire body ablaze with golden flame—could be seen with two other universe knights, each at least 300 feet tall. They had twelve pairs of black wings over their arc-backs with bodies covered with black scales.

“This aura is quite strong! It might be a series of treasures or possibly a true treasure!”

Together, they flew over to where the aura came from.

“The aura of an emerging treasure!”

“It’s a treasure!”

The six different troops who happened to have been assembled in the region now rushed toward the source of the energy at top speed. Following the aura that was spreading out, troops of two or three universe knights came rushing over to the source of the aura as quickly as possible.


Chapter 1037: All Out

Luo Feng dashed towards the energy emanating in the distance.

The energy is strong, Luo Feng thought.

He was pleasantly surprised… and worried. He was happy because such a powerful energy source implied at least a top-tier set treasure or even an ordinary true treasure! However, he was worried because even if he could get to the valuable in the first place, he would draw a bloody fight!

“It seems that my first fight on an original star is drawing near…” Luo Feng said, his eyes glinted fiercely and coldly.

Xiu!

A creature appeared beside Mosha body. It was Remote Ocean body!

Remote Ocean body shrank to 30 feet and transformed into the shape of a Purple Pupa Beast in human form, complete with horns, gray scales, and a scorpion tail! Mosha body went into the world ring instantly.

“Fight combination!” Luo Feng’s eyes glinted aggressively.

Luo Feng presumed that it was difficult to kill the Golden Horned Beast because of his enormous godly body with the Force Armor! Remote Ocean body hadn’t been able to kill Pei Feng Knight even with self-destruction, and Golden Horned Beast body had the same level of godly body and amplification as Pei Feng Knight.

As for size, Golden Horned Beast was thousands of times larger than Pei Feng Knight! And his Force Armor could weaken material attacks by 99.99 percent.

With Force Armor, Golden Horned Beast is solid, Luo Feng thought. Besides, Golden Horned Beast has a powerful godly body, and Remote Ocean Body has the same amount of godly power as he does… Remote Ocean body doesn’t need to serve as godly power storage anymore.

Xiu! Xiu!

Remote Ocean Luo Feng flew into the sky with Golden Horned Beast on his shoulder. He flew across the forest and the plain and arrived above a swamp.

“It’s there!” Luo Feng quickly sensed the origin of the energy and dove towards it. He found a black hilt sticking out of the water. “Only one?” Luo Feng said. He exhilarated. “It’s a true treasure!”

If there were several pieces, they were a “set treasure.” However, based on what Luo Feng observed, it had to be a true treasure!

“And I’m the first on here!”

Luo Feng raced toward the black hilt. At the same time, a towering creature made of rocks and engulfed in flames, as well as two twelve-winged great beings of the prison race, flew toward him. They could all clearly see the black hilt in the swamp and the blade revealing itself.

The three great beings were all excited. “It’s a true treasure!” one of them screeched.

“Space Beast, put down the true treasure or die!” the being engulfed in flames roared.

But Luo Feng didn’t pay him any mind. He put his hand on the black hilt and started to penetrate it with his godly power.

“Huh?” Luo Feng sensed that the black hilt and the swamp were combined as one.

Oh, no… he realized. It hasn’t fully come into being yet.

Luo Feng was startled. This sort of thing happened to some precious valuables, especially true treasures. For instance, when a shrine gradually revealed itself, others couldn’t get into the shrine and get the true treasure hidden inside until it completely revealed itself. The same rule applied here. They needed to wait until the black blade completely surfaced from the water for it to recognize someone as its master.

“Hahaha…!” The three great beings were overjoyed upon seeing this. The towering being engulfed in flames guffawed. “Go away!”

Remote Ocean body and Golden Horned Beast body looked at the three great beings of the prison race and protested, “This is mine, prison race! Leave it or die!”

Hong!

The giant being engulfed in flames landed in the swamp. The swamp was only half a mile deep, and it was barely up to his ankles. The other two great beings of the prison race floated into the sky and glared at Luo Feng with their wings open.

“Leave it or die?” The flaming rock giant looked down at Luo Feng. “Are you seeking your own doom?”

Heng!

Luo Feng snorted.

Hong! Hong!

Remote Ocean body and Golden Horned Beast body started to enlarge themselves at the same time. Remote Ocean body, which was only 30 feet tall, became more than 5,500 miles tall! And Golden Horned Beast became 6,000 miles tall! According to the move “Deities of the World,” the length of one’s body wouldn’t affect its power as long as it was not too large or too small. Remote Ocean body was more than 5,500 miles tall, and he was able to wield his pinnacle power!

Remote Ocean body stood while Golden Horned Beast body floated in the sky with his wings open. Now, it was their turn to look down at the three tiny beings.

Three tiny beings… The golden-flamed rock giant was around six miles tall, while the two winged great beings were only 0.06 miles tall; they were indeed tiny compared to the massive creatures standing before them now.

Heng!

The Golden-Flamed and Rocked being looked up at the two gigantic creatures and snorted.

“No…!” The two black-winged great beings were terrified.

Size represented power, after all.

“Lai Ni,” one of the black-winged great beings said. “Though Space Beasts are known for their size, an adult Golden Horned Beast is usually 600 miles long. There are, however, methods within the Space Beast Alliance to improve their genes. We’ve seen Golden Horned Beasts 6,000 miles long. But what’s wrong with that Purple Pupa Beast? The largest we’ve seen is around 60 miles. How is this one so big?”

“Don’t worry about that. What matter is, the bigger they are, the more difficult it is to kill them… On original stars, universe overlords usually act alone. Almost all those who cooperate with each other are senior universe knights. There are two of them while we have three! I’ll deal with the Golden Horned Beast. You two deal with that Purple Pupa Beast. Let’s get the true treasure together!”

“Okay.”

“Don’t get wrapped up in a long battle! They’re enormous, and we’ll be in a disadvantage if we do that.”

Remote Ocean body was more than 5,500 miles long, and Golden Horned Beast was 6,000 miles long. They were blotting out the sky and land so that the three universe knights weren’t even able to see the black blade.

Luo Feng concentrated on the black blade. It was gradually surfacing and was moments away from completely revealing itself.

I just have to make it through the waiting period, and then the true treasure will be mine, Luo Feng thought and looked down at the three tiny beings under him.

He had to be careful. Usually, universe overlords acted alone on original stars, and senior universe knights acted together. Three senior universe knights made for a mighty team. However, Luo Feng was still confident that he could persevere.

Senior universe knights! They are as powerful as Shi Huo Knight! I was like an ant in front of Shi Huo Knight before, whereas now, I can deal with three senior universe knights.

But, without realizing it, he was already standing among the supreme beings in the universe.

“Kill!”

All the three supreme beings started the attack.

“Golden Thread Aurora Mirror!”

“Law domain!”

“Merge! Golden Thread Aurora Domain!”

Golden Horned Beast bared its fangs and fueled Golden Thread Aurora Mirror by burning his godly power, after which the area of 60 million square miles around him was trapped in endless golden light.

“A domain type valuable!”

“Such strong resistance. It’s at least a top-tier domain type treasure, if not a domain type true treasure.”

“That Space Beast has a domain type treasure!” The three great beings were terrified, as that treasure was already as powerful as an ordinary true treasure. Though there were three of them, being suppressed by the domain type treasure placed them at less of an advantage.

“Space Beast, you’re courting death!” the golden-flamed rock giant roared and dashed at Golden Horned Beast like a streak of light, wielding a fiery hammer.

“Die, bastards of the prison race!” Golden Horned Beast yelled and waved his wings.

The golden Shi Wu Wing was tens of thousands of miles wide, and it swung toward the golden-flamed rock giant like two colossal blades.

“Star and Fire Roaring Sky!”

The wing rushed at the golden-flamed rock giant. Although Luo Feng’s Moon Policy had not yet reached ultimate techniques, Luo Feng had begun improving it a long time ago. After all, he could wield one mystery in different ways, and although it took him a long time, the third move of Moon Policy could already beat all the 1,600 competitors Primal Chaos City Leader had set for him. That meant it was already a top-tier pinnacle technique. It was six or even seven times more powerful than when it was first created.

Blade technique was a super pinnacle technique—the weapon was a true treasure! And with godly body and amplification at universe-overlord level!

Although he was comparatively weaker in beast god conception, he wasn’t afraid of senior universe knights at all!

“Star and Fire Roaring Sky, crash and burn and earth shattering!” Remote Ocean body shouted, standing beside the black blade and wearing Golden King Armor.

He performed the move under his burning godly power and spiritual force amplification technique. Thousands of shadows flew out of his chest, forming a towering beast god. The beast god roared and dashed at the two black-winged great beings.

The third move of Star Map—Star and Fire Roaring Sky, crash and burn and earth shattering!

Luo Feng had never performed this move before. The first time he had performed it, he’d relied on Remote Ocean body.

Remote Ocean body and Golden Horned Beast body were both going all-out, now. And with Golden Thread Aurora Domain slowing his enemies down, they clashed wickedly with the three senior universe knights of prison race.


Chapter 1038: A Pair of Wings for a Shield

Hong!

The golden-flamed rock giant swung his hammer with all his strength, and the hammer flew at Golden Horned Beast with a thunderous rumble. The force within the Golden Thread Aurora Domain was rendered defenseless… One strike from this hammer and stars like the Star Traveller or the Neutron Star would shatter and be reduced to naught. Even the Black Hole would have crumbled beneath such a strike!

The golden-flamed rock giant growled as he deployed his strongest strike. The environment within the original star did not shatter, but it was not because the hammer was not powerful enough; it was because the environment within the original star had unique traits.

Peng!

The hammer collided with the golden light blade of a pair of wings.

With hands still grasping his hammer, the golden-flamed rock giant was thrown backward and propelled into the air where his rocky legs lost contact with solid ground. He was forcibly suspended in midair.

“That loathsome Space Beast!” the golden-flamed rock giant roared in rage.

“Crush the Prison race!” Golden Horned Beast transformed into a ray of light and made a turn back before landing again. The golden light blade sliced through the air, looking as if it could make mincemeat out of every obstacle in the way.

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

Strike after strike! The golden-flamed rock giant was not as agile as Golden Horned Beast with its Shi Wu Wings. Moreover, the Golden Thread Aurora Domain had met with heavy resistance and was attacked under pressure.

Golden Horned Beast was enormous. Hence, his Shi Wu Wings could spread as wide as tens of thousands of miles. Should it flap one wing down, the golden-flamed rock giant being would not be able to hide even if it wanted to!

Remote Ocean Body was like the Dinghai Divine Needle as he stood before the black blade. While watching the two twelve-winged knights of the prison race in the distance, he was also manipulating the gigantic Beast God while it hunted down the two knights of the prison race.

Hong! Long! Long!

Beast God was roaring while racing in midair quick as a phantom. The moment the two black-winged knights made it slightly further away, the Beast God would no longer give chase.

The Beast God was tasked with guarding a certain area around the black blade… If the two knights of the prison race trespassed this area, they would be attacked! It was imperative to understand that the Beast God was a true treasure in the form of a spiritual force weapon and had an extremely swift flying speed. Now that it was coupled with Golden Thread Aurora Domain… the moment the two black-winged great beings of prison race set foot within this guarded area, they would be knocked out within a split second.

Peng!

A black-winged great being was sent flying out straightaway. The other black-winged great charging into that area from the opposite direction approached the gradually ascending black blade at top speed.

Roar!

Beast God let out a roar and set off in the opposite direction so quickly that he left a trail behind him. Right away, he rammed into the black-winged great being with a loud crash, swatting it into the distance.

“Ah! What should we do? We can’t force our way in!” said one of the black-winged beings.

The two twelve-black-wings great beings traveled far away enough while transmitting their message to the golden-flamed rock giant.

“That spiritual force weapon is way too fast! And they have a domain type treasure!”

“We have used up 3 percent of our godly bodies, yet that loathsome Purple Pupa Beast has not even used 1/1,000th of its godly body! We can’t afford to go on like this.”

The golden-flamed rock giant gave a thunderous roar of rage. He was at his wits’ end. Although he was huge, the portion of the godly body he used up was small. He was aware that the Golden Horned Beast before him would use up an amount even smaller than he had. Even if he were to set his entire godly body ablaze, the Golden Horned Beast might not even have used up 1 percent of its godly body.

But the golden-flamed rock giant suddenly transmitted a confident response. “Hahaha! I can sense great beings of other races approaching. Fight a little while longer. These two Space Beasts will definitely feel flustered when the other beings arrive. That is when we seize our opportunity.”

The two twelve-black-wings great beings scanned their surroundings, instantaneously feeling joyful.

As expected, two troops appeared coming from two different directions.

“Huh?” Remote Ocean body said, noticing the new arrivals. “That is a group from the Northern Territory Alliance—a total of three universe knights. And the other group is from the Hong Alliance. They have two universe knights.” Remote Ocean Luo Feng looked around and made a speedy judgment. “Given my current identity, the group from the Hong Alliance will see me only as one of the Space Beast Alliance… and they’ll react accordingly.”

There was no way he could bother himself with any other concerns. He had to deal with the three universe knights of the prison race while keeping an eye on the black blade that was gradually ascending from the ground.

Gradually, it arose… The entire tip of the black blade had nearly emerged.

“Almost there—it is going to come out fully soon!” Luo Feng was anxious and expectant. “Hurry, hurry, hurry! If I hope to stand any chance at all, it must be fully revealed before the other groups arrive…”

The two troops flew over quickly. Although the members from the Hong Alliance were not humans, they made their judgment quickly.

“Hahaha! It is a valuable. Definitely a true treasure.”

“And still in the midst of being born! The treasure has yet to recognize its master. Hurry up.”

“While the Space Beast group and the group from the prison race are engaged in a deadlock, we should quickly grab the treasure right out from under them.”

Meanwhile, the three universe knights of the Northern Territory Alliance troop were thrilled, realizing they had been presented with a great opportunity. They took off for the treasure as though their lives depended on it.

The Northern Territory Alliance was said to be the alliance consisting of the greatest number of races in the universe. A tremendous number of races gathered as one, bringing the number of universe knights within the Northern Territory Alliance to an extreme high. For example, in the open-air public square of the World of Glory of the Ancestral God School, the number of heirs from the Hong Alliance was merely in the thousands, while that of the Northern Territory Alliance was in the tens of thousands.

There was a sizable difference, meaning that within the original star, troops of universe knights from the Northern Territory Alliance were seen more than any other group. When compared with the six pinnacle races like the human race, the distribution of resources— like treasures for great beings of similar power—were fewer in number.

Out of the three universe knights of the Northern Territory Alliance, one was over 30 feet tall. He had purple-gold plates all over his body, and he flew toward the black blade at top speed. Upon careful observation, he started to show a hint of confusion.

“Huh?” he said. “That seems to be… Impossible! It can’t be.”

“Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!”

Luo Feng agonized with anxiety. The black blade may have ascended to its tip, but it was emerging much more slowly than the approach of the groups of beings flying toward it… The two troops of universe knights from the Hong Alliance and the Northern Territory Alliance were still approaching at a consistently high rate of speed, even though they were within the Golden Thread Aurora Domain.

“Hahaha! You can’t make it!” The golden-flamed rock giant of the prison race laughed aloud. “Space Beast, you will not be able to get that true treasure!”

“It is not yours to claim!”

Golden Horned Beast let out a thunderous roar of rage.

Hong!

Golden Horned Beast waved its wings suddenly, immediately turning back to the area surrounding the black blade.

“Hua!” Remote Ocean Luo Feng also took a step back to stand beside the black blade. “Come on!”

Remote Ocean body and Golden Horned Beast were both standing near the black blade, obviously guarding it with their lives! They just had to endure for a short while longer, and this true treasure would be theirs.

I would stand against greater than universe knights than all of you! Remote Ocean Luo Feng thought. Even if you were universe overlords, Golden Horned Beast has the Force Armor. It is fearless! My Remote Ocean body may be slightly weaker in terms of strength. The Golden King Armor can only be activated up to its second form, which means it could weaken the power of material attacks to 1/1,000. It may be weaker than Force Armor… but Remote Ocean body is huge. Defending with its sheer brute strength should be possible for a short while at least.

Remote Ocean body and Golden Horned Beast were like two mountains. One stood by the black blade while the other hovered above it to ward off any beings who dared to venture near. Meanwhile, the groups from the Hong Alliance and the Northern Territory Alliance both realized that the other groups had appeared.

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

“Grab the true treasure!”

“Hurry up, the other five troops are arriving soon. We need to hurry.”

Three groups—the Hong Alliance, the Northern Territory Alliance, and the prison race—comprised of eight senior universe knights. Plus, the Space Beast group was charging toward the center!

Hong! Hong! Hong!

The three troops transformed into rays of light simultaneously and charged.

“Ha!” Golden Horned Beast immediately spread its wings and stood at the forefront.

Hua! Hua!

Its wings suddenly increased in size. The Shi Wu Wings, being a true treasure, could change colors at will, and this time, they were a magnificent gold. They spread wide open without inhibition, expanding outward in all directions. They became gigantic, easily spreading over 100,000 miles in a mere instant. The monstrous pair of wings surrounded the black blade like a mother hen protecting her chicks. Anyone who wanted to grab the black blade would have to forcefully move those wings out of the way.

“Attack!”

“Hahaha! He actually thinks to resist us!”

“Kill him!”

The eight senior universe knights launched their attacks as one. One knight from the Hong Alliance held a flying wheel—an ordinary true treasure—and was exceptionally generous with his attacks. Numerous crashes sounded as attacks were thrown towards the golden wings.

Golden Horned Beast stood firmly within the swamp, its four strong limbs like heavenly pillars. The depths of the swamp were unable to even submerge its claws… Its wings were propped up high and mighty.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

The eight senior universe knights’ joint effort boosted their power to the level of universe overlords. They struck repeatedly!

“I must sand with this bit of power…! ” Golden Horned Beast said.

He stood his ground, stable as a mountain. Regardless of the number of strikes dealt, the Shi Wu Wings and the Force Armor combined to weaken each impact… With these treasures, combined with its gigantic godly body, warding off the attacks was a piece of cake.

The eight senior universe knights from the Northern Territory Alliance, the Hong Alliance, and the prison race instantly concluded that this situation was beyond their expectations.

“Those wings are a true treasure!”

“It must be a true treasure!”

“Few treasures can expand to such a size. No matter how big a treasure can be, to be jointly attacked by eight senior universe knights, the size should reduce, or it would disintegrate… That pair of wings must be a true treasure!”

Ordinary treasures could be destroyed by some universe overlords. Even for a top-tier treasure… Whether it shrank to ward off attacks or intentionally enlarged so that the impact of the attack would be weakened—no matter what it did, escaping unscathed was out of the question. Yet the combined attacks of eight senior universe knights proved futile against Golden Horned Beast.

At that moment, Golden Horned Beast and Remote Ocean body shifted their gazes over to the black blade. The tip of the black blade was finally out of the swamp, and it was now hovering over the spot where it had emerged. Its aura was now fully restrained. It seemed like an ordinary treasure.

“Treasure, come to me!” Golden Horned Beast gave a deep command.

Immediately, a trace of godly power headed for the black blade, ready to brand the blade with his life imprint.


Chapter 1039: A Pair of Wings for a Shield

Hong!

The golden-flamed rock giant swung his hammer with all his strength, and the hammer flew at Golden Horned Beast with a thunderous rumble. The force within the Golden Thread Aurora Domain was rendered defenseless… One strike from this hammer and stars like the Star Traveller or the Neutron Star would shatter and be reduced to naught. Even the Black Hole would have crumbled beneath such a strike!

The golden-flamed rock giant growled as he deployed his strongest strike. The environment within the original star did not shatter, but it was not because the hammer was not powerful enough; it was because the environment within the original star had unique traits.

Peng!

The hammer collided with the golden light blade of a pair of wings.

With hands still grasping his hammer, the golden-flamed rock giant was thrown backward and propelled into the air where his rocky legs lost contact with solid ground. He was forcibly suspended in midair.

“That loathsome Space Beast!” the golden-flamed rock giant roared in rage.

“Crush the Prison race!” Golden Horned Beast transformed into a ray of light and made a turn back before landing again. The golden light blade sliced through the air, looking as if it could make mincemeat out of every obstacle in the way.

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

Strike after strike! The golden-flamed rock giant was not as agile as Golden Horned Beast with its Shi Wu Wings. Moreover, the Golden Thread Aurora Domain had met with heavy resistance and was attacked under pressure.

Golden Horned Beast was enormous. Hence, his Shi Wu Wings could spread as wide as tens of thousands of miles. Should it flap one wing down, the golden-flamed rock giant being would not be able to hide even if it wanted to!

Remote Ocean Body was like the Dinghai Divine Needle as he stood before the black blade. While watching the two twelve-winged knights of the prison race in the distance, he was also manipulating the gigantic Beast God while it hunted down the two knights of the prison race.

Hong! Long! Long!

Beast God was roaring while racing in midair quick as a phantom. The moment the two black-winged knights made it slightly further away, the Beast God would no longer give chase.

The Beast God was tasked with guarding a certain area around the black blade… If the two knights of the prison race trespassed this area, they would be attacked! It was imperative to understand that the Beast God was a true treasure in the form of a spiritual force weapon and had an extremely swift flying speed. Now that it was coupled with Golden Thread Aurora Domain… the moment the two black-winged great beings of prison race set foot within this guarded area, they would be knocked out within a split second.

Peng!

A black-winged great being was sent flying out straightaway. The other black-winged great charging into that area from the opposite direction approached the gradually ascending black blade at top speed.

Roar!

Beast God let out a roar and set off in the opposite direction so quickly that he left a trail behind him. Right away, he rammed into the black-winged great being with a loud crash, swatting it into the distance.

“Ah! What should we do? We can’t force our way in!” said one of the black-winged beings.

The two twelve-black-wings great beings traveled far away enough while transmitting their message to the golden-flamed rock giant.

“That spiritual force weapon is way too fast! And they have a domain type treasure!”

“We have used up 3 percent of our godly bodies, yet that loathsome Purple Pupa Beast has not even used 1/1,000th of its godly body! We can’t afford to go on like this.”

The golden-flamed rock giant gave a thunderous roar of rage. He was at his wits’ end. Although he was huge, the portion of the godly body he used up was small. He was aware that the Golden Horned Beast before him would use up an amount even smaller than he had. Even if he were to set his entire godly body ablaze, the Golden Horned Beast might not even have used up 1 percent of its godly body.

But the golden-flamed rock giant suddenly transmitted a confident response. “Hahaha! I can sense great beings of other races approaching. Fight a little while longer. These two Space Beasts will definitely feel flustered when the other beings arrive. That is when we seize our opportunity.”

The two twelve-black-wings great beings scanned their surroundings, instantaneously feeling joyful.

As expected, two troops appeared coming from two different directions.

“Huh?” Remote Ocean body said, noticing the new arrivals. “That is a group from the Northern Territory Alliance—a total of three universe knights. And the other group is from the Hong Alliance. They have two universe knights.” Remote Ocean Luo Feng looked around and made a speedy judgment. “Given my current identity, the group from the Hong Alliance will see me only as one of the Space Beast Alliance… and they’ll react accordingly.”

There was no way he could bother himself with any other concerns. He had to deal with the three universe knights of the prison race while keeping an eye on the black blade that was gradually ascending from the ground.

Gradually, it arose… The entire tip of the black blade had nearly emerged.

“Almost there—it is going to come out fully soon!” Luo Feng was anxious and expectant. “Hurry, hurry, hurry! If I hope to stand any chance at all, it must be fully revealed before the other groups arrive…”

The two troops flew over quickly. Although the members from the Hong Alliance were not humans, they made their judgment quickly.

“Hahaha! It is a valuable. Definitely a true treasure.”

“And still in the midst of being born! The treasure has yet to recognize its master. Hurry up.”

“While the Space Beast group and the group from the prison race are engaged in a deadlock, we should quickly grab the treasure right out from under them.”

Meanwhile, the three universe knights of the Northern Territory Alliance troop were thrilled, realizing they had been presented with a great opportunity. They took off for the treasure as though their lives depended on it.

The Northern Territory Alliance was said to be the alliance consisting of the greatest number of races in the universe. A tremendous number of races gathered as one, bringing the number of universe knights within the Northern Territory Alliance to an extreme high. For example, in the open-air public square of the World of Glory of the Ancestral God School, the number of heirs from the Hong Alliance was merely in the thousands, while that of the Northern Territory Alliance was in the tens of thousands.

There was a sizable difference, meaning that within the original star, troops of universe knights from the Northern Territory Alliance were seen more than any other group. When compared with the six pinnacle races like the human race, the distribution of resources— like treasures for great beings of similar power—were fewer in number.

Out of the three universe knights of the Northern Territory Alliance, one was over 30 feet tall. He had purple-gold plates all over his body, and he flew toward the black blade at top speed. Upon careful observation, he started to show a hint of confusion.

“Huh?” he said. “That seems to be… Impossible! It can’t be.”

“Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!”

Luo Feng agonized with anxiety. The black blade may have ascended to its tip, but it was emerging much more slowly than the approach of the groups of beings flying toward it… The two troops of universe knights from the Hong Alliance and the Northern Territory Alliance were still approaching at a consistently high rate of speed, even though they were within the Golden Thread Aurora Domain.

“Hahaha! You can’t make it!” The golden-flamed rock giant of the prison race laughed aloud. “Space Beast, you will not be able to get that true treasure!”

“It is not yours to claim!”

Golden Horned Beast let out a thunderous roar of rage.

Hong!

Golden Horned Beast waved its wings suddenly, immediately turning back to the area surrounding the black blade.

“Hua!” Remote Ocean Luo Feng also took a step back to stand beside the black blade. “Come on!”

Remote Ocean body and Golden Horned Beast were both standing near the black blade, obviously guarding it with their lives! They just had to endure for a short while longer, and this true treasure would be theirs.

I would stand against greater than universe knights than all of you! Remote Ocean Luo Feng thought. Even if you were universe overlords, Golden Horned Beast has the Force Armor. It is fearless! My Remote Ocean body may be slightly weaker in terms of strength. The Golden King Armor can only be activated up to its second form, which means it could weaken the power of material attacks to 1/1,000. It may be weaker than Force Armor… but Remote Ocean body is huge. Defending with its sheer brute strength should be possible for a short while at least.

Remote Ocean body and Golden Horned Beast were like two mountains. One stood by the black blade while the other hovered above it to ward off any beings who dared to venture near. Meanwhile, the groups from the Hong Alliance and the Northern Territory Alliance both realized that the other groups had appeared.

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

“Grab the true treasure!”

“Hurry up, the other five troops are arriving soon. We need to hurry.”

Three groups—the Hong Alliance, the Northern Territory Alliance, and the prison race—comprised of eight senior universe knights. Plus, the Space Beast group was charging toward the center!

Hong! Hong! Hong!

The three troops transformed into rays of light simultaneously and charged.

“Ha!” Golden Horned Beast immediately spread its wings and stood at the forefront.

Hua! Hua!

Its wings suddenly increased in size. The Shi Wu Wings, being a true treasure, could change colors at will, and this time, they were a magnificent gold. They spread wide open without inhibition, expanding outward in all directions. They became gigantic, easily spreading over 100,000 miles in a mere instant. The monstrous pair of wings surrounded the black blade like a mother hen protecting her chicks. Anyone who wanted to grab the black blade would have to forcefully move those wings out of the way.

“Attack!”

“Hahaha! He actually thinks to resist us!”

“Kill him!”

The eight senior universe knights launched their attacks as one. One knight from the Hong Alliance held a flying wheel—an ordinary true treasure—and was exceptionally generous with his attacks. Numerous crashes sounded as attacks were thrown towards the golden wings.

Golden Horned Beast stood firmly within the swamp, its four strong limbs like heavenly pillars. The depths of the swamp were unable to even submerge its claws… Its wings were propped up high and mighty.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

The eight senior universe knights’ joint effort boosted their power to the level of universe overlords. They struck repeatedly!

“I must sand with this bit of power…! ” Golden Horned Beast said.

He stood his ground, stable as a mountain. Regardless of the number of strikes dealt, the Shi Wu Wings and the Force Armor combined to weaken each impact… With these treasures, combined with its gigantic godly body, warding off the attacks was a piece of cake.

The eight senior universe knights from the Northern Territory Alliance, the Hong Alliance, and the prison race instantly concluded that this situation was beyond their expectations.

“Those wings are a true treasure!”

“It must be a true treasure!”

“Few treasures can expand to such a size. No matter how big a treasure can be, to be jointly attacked by eight senior universe knights, the size should reduce, or it would disintegrate… That pair of wings must be a true treasure!”

Ordinary treasures could be destroyed by some universe overlords. Even for a top-tier treasure… Whether it shrank to ward off attacks or intentionally enlarged so that the impact of the attack would be weakened—no matter what it did, escaping unscathed was out of the question. Yet the combined attacks of eight senior universe knights proved futile against Golden Horned Beast.

At that moment, Golden Horned Beast and Remote Ocean body shifted their gazes over to the black blade. The tip of the black blade was finally out of the swamp, and it was now hovering over the spot where it had emerged. Its aura was now fully restrained. It seemed like an ordinary treasure.

“Treasure, come to me!” Golden Horned Beast gave a deep command.

Immediately, a trace of godly power headed for the black blade, ready to brand the blade with his life imprint.


Chapter 1040: Blade River Luo

Luo Feng infiltrated the black blade with a trace of his godly power and sealed his life imprint on it, making the blade recognize him as its owner.

“Huh?” Golden Horned Beast’s eyes glinted with confusion. “What’s going on? Why is there no information being transferred?”

Remote Ocean Luo Feng was also looking down at the black blade, perplexed. Usually, when a treasure or true treasure recognized someone as its owner, it would transfer information to the owner’s mind. The information was generally a description of the weapon or the techniques used to utilize the valuables.

There were, of course, exceptions—like Star Map, Shi Wu Wing, and Tower Pearl. If the great being who created the valuable had left information behind, there would be information contained in the valuable. Tower Pearl was a part of Star Tower, and so it didn’t contain any information. As for Star Map, it was an ordinary true treasure created by Zuo Shan Ke with a picture scroll and lots of seal stars.

That was why some true treasures and ordinary treasures didn’t contain any information. However, according to the intel Kuang Zhou Knight had gathered, true treasures and ordinary treasures that came into being on original stars were bred by the universe. They were supposed to carry information innately. This one did not seem to have anything.

“Weird,” Luo Feng was baffled.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

The eight senior universe knights attacked the wing of Golden Horned Beast relentlessly, disrupting Luo Feng’s thoughts.

Sou!

Golden Horned Beast shrank its giant black blade and merged it with his body.

Howl!

He howled, making the sky and land tremble. At the same time, the gigantic golden wing quickly reduced in size from hundreds of thousands of miles wide to tens of thousands of miles wide, and he revealed Golden Horned Beast and Remote Ocean body. The eight supreme beings were disappointed.

“The true treasure is taken!”

“It has recognized him as its master.”

“Goddamn Space Beast… Let’s go!”

They all glared at Remote Ocean body and Golden Horned Beast body. The three great beings of the prison race left first. The other five universe knights of the Hong Alliance and the Northern Territory Alliance were also upset and gave up on their hopes of claiming the valuable.

They all knew that they stood a chance if the valuable hadn’t recognized him as its owner. However, the only way they could capture the valuable was to kill the Golden Horned Beast, and Golden Horned Beast was able to defend himself against all eight of them! If he wanted to flee, there was no way they could stop him. They were all upset. The size of the Golden Horned Beast was what stopped them from taking the valuable by force.

“His godly body is too enormous, and our godly bodies might be burned out before we can kill him.”

“We should’ve gotten here soon.”

“The true treasure fell into the hands of Space Beasts.”

“Haha! You guys are late!” Golden Horned Beast said in a hoarse voice.

“You just got lucky!”

“Let’s go.”

The three universe knights of Northern Territory Alliance and Hong Alliance left.

Golden Horned Beast body and Remote Ocean body watched them go. He saw one team after another coming here, following the energy signature of the true treasure.

“Go!”

Remote Ocean body shrank to 30 feet tall, and Golden Horned Beast shrank to around 300 feet long. Golden Horned Beast waved his wings with Remote Ocean body sitting on his back.

Sou!

“That space beast has got the valuable!” grumbled a new arrival.

“Let’s go.”

“We need to wait until next time.”

“Is it a top-tier set treasure or an ordinary true treasure?”

The universe knights speculated about what had happened with their companions. They were all puzzled, but they had to leave. On the original stars, those who were closest to the valuables when they appeared were the luckiest ones. Here, great beings needed both power and luck.

The three universe knights of the Northern Territory Alliance were flying back to the place they inhabited, the apex of a small mountain.

“Those space beasts are indeed lucky.”

“The Space Beast Alliance is mysterious and powerful. Those two have a domain type valuable, a wing true treasure, and now a black blade true treasure.”

They were all talking among themselves, and the universe knight made of metal was ruminating.

“That… that pattern. It is that valuable!”

The purple-metal knight’s eyes gleamed. He isolated them from the surroundings with his godly power and looked to the Strange Beast Knight with hundreds of soft dorsal fins around his mouth.

“Hundred Raccoon Knight,” he said, “you have a body at the center of our alliance, right? Send a message to our alliance and tell them that we just found the godly blade of Blade River Luo.”

“Blade River Luo?” Both universe knights were dazed.

Hundred Raccoon Knight’s eyes glinted with excitement. “The legendary top-tier true treasure, Blade River Luo?”

Blade River Luo was the most attractive true treasure in a century after the original stars had opened.

A giant tomb came out from underground. It was the tomb of the blade: the Blade Tomb!

An ancient tablet on the Blade Tomb told that there were many godly blades and several ordinary true treasures. And the most precious of all were the components of Blade River Luo, which were made of a compass and nine godly blades. Once all the godly blades were integrated into the compass, it could become a boundless blade river, and it was omnipotent.

If all the nine blades merged into one, the power was even more terrific. It was a domain type treasure, but it had the attacking power of a pinnacle true treasure. The compass itself was already a domain type ordinary true treasure! Its power could be improved with one blade blending in; the more the godly blades inside the compass, the more powerful the compass would become. It would reach the perfect status once all the godly blades merged with it.

It was such a superb true treasure. The last time the compass showed itself, it only carried one black blade.

“A godly blade of Blade River Luo? Where did we find it?” Hundred Raccoon Knight asked.

“Where were we?” The moment the other universe knight talked, the purple-metal universe knight said, “It’s the true treasure—the black blade the two Space Beasts obtained! I’ve seen the photos of Blade River Luo, and the black blade we just saw was exactly the same as the blade in the photos!”

Black Raccoon Knight was startled.

“Go! Go tell our alliance!” The purple-metal knight shouted.

“Sure!” Hundred Raccoon Knight nodded.

Many supreme beings who entered the original stars had left their clone with their own race, but there were also some who left their original bodies behind! Clones were able to send simple messages, but they weren’t capable of dealing with important issues.

“My clone has entered the center of our alliance.”

“A universe master is meeting me,” Hundred Raccoon Knight murmured.

After a long while…

“I’ve told the universe master what happened, and I’ve replicated the shape of the black blade using my mind. The universe master I spoke with confirmed that it’s indeed a component of Blade River Luo! There are few true treasures, and it’s almost impossible to have true treasures of the same pattern and come into being on the original stars in such a short period of time… It’s got to be a godly blade of Blade River Luo.”

“The universe master asked us not to take any actions. He has told some universe overlords closest to this original star and Fu Mo Master to come here. And he has marked our contribution.”

Hundred Raccoon looked at his companions, and they all smiled.

The Northern Territory Alliance immediately arranged great beings to go to the original star Luo Feng was staying on.

Inside the virtual universe, in an open-air bar, many universe knights of the Hong Alliance City gathered. Almost all the great beings who entered original stars left clones, and they used them to connect to the virtual universe… This was how they conveyed information.

“Another true treasure showed up. See? It’s this one. I saw it myself.”

“What true treasure?”

“Come here and see!”

“On which original star?”

Everyone was interested in what happened on the original stars.

“Look, this is the photo of it.” A bald-headed, golden-eyed great being covered with body hair was showing everyone a photo. “This true treasure surfaced from the swamp. Unfortunately, I arrived late, and the true treasure was captured by two great beings of the Space Beast Alliance.”

“A true treasure!”

“What a pity. You can’t get the true treasure even it’s right in front of you, and what’s worse, it was taken by the Space Beast Alliance.”

“What could I do?” the bald-headed universe knight said. “Both great beings of the Space Beast Alliance have godly bodies of around 6,000 miles long… Do you really think I can still get it back? Even universe overlords would have a hard time facing such gigantic bodies!”

“Isn’t this the godly blade of Blade River Luo?”

“Yeah! It’s the godly blade of Blade River Luo!”

Everyone was thrilled.

Meanwhile, Luo Feng was walking toward the open-air bar.

So strange, he thought. The valuable on the original star has already recognized me as its master, but it still hasn’t sent me any information.

Luo Feng was bewildered, and thus he connected to the virtual universe and came to the place where the great beings of Hong Alliance shared information. He wanted to ask some of his friends about it.

“Kuang Zhou Knight,” Luo Feng shouted when he saw Kuang Zhou Knight.

Kuang Zhou turned toward him and beamed. “Blade River!”

Luo Feng walked towards him, smiling. Suddenly, he frowned as a being caught his attention.

“It’s him…!”

Luo Feng recognized that bald universe knight. It was one of the two universe knights of the Hong Alliance who had attacked him.


Chapter 1041: Escape

When Luo Feng’s mind was still in the virtual universe, three great beings gathered in the forest under the whirlpool portal on the original star where Luo Feng was staying.

“We arrived here as fast as we could under the order of our alliance,” said one of them. “It seems we’re the first ones to arrive.”

“Yes,” replied another. “Once those space beasts find out that the godly black blade is a part of Blade River Luo, they’ll all rush to that whirlpool portal. If they succeed, they can do teleportation and god country transportation, and we can’t catch them anymore. We must safeguard this place and stop them from doing that!”

“So, we’ll just wait here?” the third one said in a deep voice. “There will be a group of universe overlords arriving here, and Fu Mo Master may also arrive. That’s only a godly blade of Blade River Luo. How many contribution points do you think we can earn? In my opinion, Wang Jia Knight can guard this place while Bei Feng Knight and I attack him first. Bei Feng Knight and I together could kill those space beasts.”

“Well…”

“Why’re you still hesitating?” said the one with the deep, low voice. “Other universe overlords will arrive soon. Are you on board, Bei Feng Knight?”

“I am,” said a timid voice.

“Okay. I’m on board too, but remember, if we get the godly blade, we need to divide the contribution points equitably among us three.”

“Of course.”

They looked at each other and smiled.

Sou! Sou!

Two creatures flew up in the sky. One of them was around 100 feet tall. He was a repulsive creature with three horns on his head and eyes like a hawk. He had thick, sturdy arms, and he grasped an ancient spear with three bloodstains on the tip.

As for the other one, he was around 30 feet tall and was entirely enveloped by a black cape. Even his face was covered by a black mask.

“Bei Feng Knight, you can attack his soul first…” said the three-horned knight holding the ancient spear. “If you can’t kill them directly, you can affect them. Then I’ll engage in close combat with them with my burning godly body, my ultimate techniques, and my Qi Blood Spear…! Even if the space beasts are wearing ordinary true treasure armor, my terrific attack can rival that from a universe master! Their armor might only be able to weaken the attack to 1/1,000th or even 1/100th.”

“Your Qi Blood Spear is a might senior true treasure,” said Bei Feng Knight, smiling behind his black mask and black cape. “We’ll definitely succeed.”

Qi Blood Palace Leader was a renowned universe overlord in the Northern Territory Alliance. He had three true treasures, and the weapon he used for close-quarters combat was a senior true treasure! Together with his close-quarters combat techniques, he could even fight with a universe master for a short time. Once he attacked with his full strength, it would surpass the limit of an ordinary true treasure!

Within the limit, the third form of an ordinary true treasure armor could weaken the material attack by 99.99 percent! However, once the attack surpassed the limit of the true treasure, its function would sharply decline and could only weaken it to 1/1,000th, 1/100th, 1/10th. It might even break! That was why ordinary true treasures were disdained by universe masters.

“Although they have larger godly bodies, I can kill them with my Qi Blood Spear by attacking them several times.” Qi Blood Palace Leader transmitted the voice while flying at high speed. “Bei Feng Knight, just use your soul attack to stop them from running away. I heard that the Golden Horned Beast has a wing true treasure.”

“Just leave it to me.”

Bei Feng Knight and Qi Blood Palace Leader raced toward Luo Feng like two flashes of light.

Luo Feng was the first one to arrive at the birthplace where the black blade unveiled itself, so the Northern Territory Alliance quickly extrapolated that Luo Feng must be staying in an area close to the birthplace. That was how Bei Feng Knight and Qi Blood Palace Leader knew where they should be heading.

Inside the virtual universe.

Luo Feng looked at the bald universe knight in the distance, shocked by what he saw.

“Him? One of the two universe knights from the Hong Alliance who fought against us for the valuable?”

At the same time, a large group of universe knights gathered around that bald universe knight. They seemed to be engaged in an exciting conversation. Luo Feng listened in, hearing every word that was being said.

“Blade River Luo!”

“A godly blade of Blade River Luo! Rumor has it that the compass of Blade River Luo was obtained by a universe master of the Thorn Ring Alliance! That universe master… He must be dying to acquire other blades and will be willing to get the blades at an extremely high cost.”

“It looks like an ordinary true treasure, but it’s at least as valuable as a senior true treasure.”

“That’s right. Blade River Luo will be perfect only when all the blades are gathered, and as long as there’s one blade hiding with us, the Hong Alliance, the Thorn Ring Alliance will get it back.”

“What a shame. Those two space beasts got it.”

A godly blade of Blade River Luo? thought Luo Feng in surprise. Taken by two space beasts?

“Unfortunately, I was late,” said the bald universe knight. He shook his head. The picture of the black blade was still floating in front of him. “Otherwise, I would’ve got the godly blade.”

Luo Feng was amazed. God! The black godly blade he had obtained was a godly blade of Blade River Luo…? Luo Feng was aware of its power and force based on some brief descriptions; it was a top-tier domain type true treasure, and it had the attacking power of that of a pinnacle true treasure! It was at least as valuable as Thousand Treasures River after all the blades merged with the compass.

A voice came from afar.

“Quick! Tell us where the godly blade unveiled itself.”

“Yes! Tell us now! We’ll be there as soon as possible!”

“We can kill those space beasts and get the godly blade together, after which the Thorn Ring Alliance will be willing to pay a high price for it. We can also give it to our alliance, and it will definitely give us many contribution points.”

I need to flee…! Luo Feng thought, suddenly realizing that he was in great danger.

“Blade River!” Kuang Zhou Knight said and ran toward him.

“I have some issues to deal with right now, Kuang Zhou Knight,” said Luo Feng. “I’ll talk to you later.”

Luo Feng then disappeared, which bewildered Kuang Zhou Knight.

In the forest on the original star where Luo Feng was staying.

“Quick, quick, quick!” said Luo Feng.

Remote Ocean Luo Feng and the Golden Horned Beast immediately stood up.

“Many great beings from Hong Alliance will gather soon,” he said. “I need to leave now. The prison race, the Hong Alliance, and the Northern Territory Alliance all saw the black blade when I got the valuable. Great beings from the Hong Alliance have now started to gather. They might not have enough time to stop me, but those from the Northern Territory Alliance and the prison race will be here very soon.”

Remote Ocean Luo Feng shrank to six feet tall and sat on Golden Horned Beast’s back. Escape was his only option this time.

The Golden Horned Beast was speedy when it came to fleeing, and he was the best at defending himself against dangers.

Sou!

The Golden Horned Beast became 30 feet long and opened his wing. He burned his godly power and flew.

Under the burning godly power and the true treasure Shi Wu Wing, he zoomed like a beam of golden light.

At that moment, two universe overlords—Qi Blood Palace Leader and Bei Feng Knight of the Northern Territory Alliance—were flying toward him. The original star was enormous. Traveling at light speed, it took almost an hour to fly from the whirlpool portal to the forest where Luo Feng stayed. That was why Qi Blood Palace Leader and Bei Feng Knight weren’t there yet. As a matter of fact, the great beings from the Northern Territory Alliance were all rushing toward the original star Luo Feng was staying on!

Including Fu Mo Master…

However, even Fu Mo Master had to fly toward the whirlpool portal slowly. Each original star was identical, having a diameter of 60 billion miles. Even someone flying at light speed, he could only travel at 6 billion miles in an hour, meaning it would take a long time if they were far from the whirlpool. The great beings gathered together by the Northern Territory Alliance were already rushing there as fast as they could.

Finally, Qi Blood Palace Leader and Bei Feng Knight saw it.

“Look, it’s the golden light!”

“It’s that Golden Horned Beast.”

They were racing toward Luo Feng from the whirlpool while Luo Feng rushed to the whirlpool! Naturally, they could see each other midway!

Both Remote Ocean body and the Golden Horned Beast saw those two flashes of light.

“Huh? They might be some great beings from other races, but it’s unlikely that they’re here to come after me… How is it possible that they’re that fast? Oh well. I’ll just run to another original star later.”

Sou!

The Golden Horned Beast kept flying, and he sometimes turned to keep the distance from those two traces of light.

Hu! Hu!

The two great forces made a sharp turn and got closer to him.

“No! They are after me!”

As soon as Luo Feng realized they were coming after him, he recognized them.

“The one with three horns… It’s Qi Blood Palace Leader from the Northern Territory Alliance! And it’s Bei Feng Knight beside him!”

Luo Feng immediately put his Remote Ocean body back into his world ring. Both Qi Blood Palace Leader and Bei Feng Knight were universe overlords. And they were far from ordinary universe overlords!

Generally, universe knights who reached the pinnacle level in law comprehension and technique creation and could rival most mediocre universe masters were considered universe overlords. However… Universe overlords who had ordinary true treasures and those who had the senior treasures were at very different levels! Additionally, a human universe overlord was different from a universe overlord that was a special life form with a life gene level of 8,000 times.

As for Qi Blood Palace Leader, he had a senior true treasure! And Bei Feng Knight was a universe overlord proficient in soul attack!

“Space beasts,” said a mild voice, “there’s no way you can run away!”

A deep voice immediately added, “Give us the blade.”


Chapter 1042: Qi Blood Spear

Qi Blood Palace Leader and Bei Feng Knight were known not to be trifled with.

Hu!

Luo Feng quickly waved his golden wings and flew off in another direction.

“I didn’t expect to be discovered so soon!” he muttered. “The whirlpool portal to the outside is likely to have been discovered already. If I go there, I’ll be walking into a trap. Hmm… Well, I’ll just go to another original star through another whirlpool portal!”

Qi Blood Palace Leader and Bei Feng Knight looked at him indifferently. Apparently, everything was under their control.

“It’s your turn,” Qi Blood Palace Leader said.

Bei Feng looked at Luo Feng in the distance. His eyes glinted.

Suddenly, the flow of time surrounding him twisted. An invisible soul attack immediately caught Golden Horned Beast and penetrated his body. It quickly started to consume his godly power. Each part of his godly power contained a soul imprint, meaning Luo Feng would be doomed if he was eroded.

“Seal!”

Power Pearl let out countless threads and connected the entire godly body instantly.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

The soul erosion assaulted his soul. However, Luo Feng had a mighty willpower in addition to a Tower Pearl to guard it. Soul erosion couldn’t affect Luo Feng at all.

Bei Feng Knight looked contentedly at Golden Horned Beast, flying in one direction and slowing down because of the resistance. He transmitted his voice to Qi Blood Palace Leader.

“I don’t think I successfully eroded his soul,” he said, “but he must have been affected when he tried to defend himself from my soul attack. Now, it’s your turn.”

“Haha! Just wait and see,” Qi Blood Palace Leader said.

He charged at Golden Horned Beast like a flash of light. Bei Feng Knight was following him.

“Golden Horned Beast!” Qi Blood Palace Leader called out as he raised the ancient spear in his hand. The three blood stains on the tip glowed with countless bloody law engravings.

Qi Blood Palace Leader emanated bloody energy. His eyes turned red, and he quickly pressed on toward Golden Horned Beast.

“Break!”

Qi Blood Palace Leader growled and burned his godly power. At the same time, a huge amount of godly power was infused into his spear. He waved his spear fiercely.

Pu!

The spear pierced toward Golden Horned Beast, who just noticed it and tried to close his wings to protect himself.

Jiang!

The spear was so forceful that the space it passed through was twisted wickedly, forming visible space ripples. It punctured the wing of Golden Horned Beat.

Peng!

This weapon was mighty. Golden Horned Beast bounced away under the force of the shock wave. It was like he’d been hit by a planet.

“Go! Don’t let him escape!” Qi Blood Palace Leader said.

Sou! Sou!

Bei Feng Knight and Qi Blood Knight chased after Golden Horned Beast.

So powerful! Golden Horned Beast thought after the blast. He could feel the extent of his injury. I pretended to be affected because I wanted to test the power of the terrific spear. No wonder it’s so famous. Even my Shi Wu Wing didn’t help to resist it.

Luo Feng already knew that the more powerful an attack was, the less useful an ordinary true treasure armor would be against it. Shi Wu Wing was a flying true treasure. Although the wing could be utilized as a shield, it was, after all, inferior to real armor type true treasures! Luo Feng speculated that Shi Wu Wing only weakened the attack by half, while Force Armor weakened it by 99.99 percent! Together, Golden Horned Beast bore one-20,000th of the power of the Qi Blood Spear!

“That was like a drill!” said Luo Feng. “The power still entered my godly body after piercing through Shi Wu Wing and Force Armor until it was annihilated by my godly body completely.” Luo Feng was startled. “Regardless, I was still injured.”

Although the injury was nothing given the enormous godly body, the Golden Horned Beast had been injured. Luo Feng was still in shock. If it hadn’t been for the Force Armor… If he had only been wearing an ordinary true treasure armor… He could only drive the second form. If that had been the case, it would have been lucky if that armor could weaken the attack to one-tenth its original strength.

One-20,000th compared to one-tenth—a difference of 2,000 times! That meant that if someone was over 1,000 times stronger than the other, he could annihilate his enemy with one move without consuming any energy! For instance, when a pinnacle emperor wanted to kill an undying fighter, he could easily do so without consuming any of his godly power.

“What? Why is his still so powerful?” Qi Blood Palace Leader said. He was shocked. “Even if he wielded the third form of an ordinary true treasure armor, he could, at most, only weaken the power by 99 percent. I performed my ultimate technique by consuming almost one-1,000th of my godly body and using Qi Blood Spear. He should have been severely injured!”

Xiu!

Golden Horned Beast waved his wing and sped up.

“Too fast!” Qi Blood Palace Leader said. “Bei Feng Knight, hurry! Stop him!”

“Leave it to me!” Bei Feng Knight said as he looked up at Golden Horned Beast.

He performed his soul attack again, attempting to affect Golden Horned Beast. However, instead of slowing down, Golden Horned Beast kept speeding up, nearly hitting lightspeed.

“He’s not affected?” Bei Feng Knight was amazed.

“We’ve been tricked!” Qi Blood Palace Leader said, transmitting his voice. “He wasn’t affected at all. He deliberately withstood my attack to demonstrate his enormous defending power… Rat bastard! He was insulting me! Insulting me! Stop him, Bei Feng Knight! I’ll teach him the consequences for insulting me!”

Qi Blood Palace Leader roared hoarsely. His eyes glinted with bloodthirstiness. Ever since obtaining his Qi Blood Spear, he had become more and more ferocious. He was usually able to control it, but when he was triggered, he would occasionally go mad… And he was the most terrifying when he went mad.

Bei Feng Knight looked at Golden Horned Beast from afar and waved his hands.

Sou!

30,000 blade daggers showed up and flew toward the Golden Horned Beast. It was a spiritual force true treasure Bei Feng Knight owned, and as a great being proficient in soul attack, he was also good at using spiritual weapons.

Even the speed of a great being couldn’t compare with that of a spiritual force weapon. The spiritual weapons kept drawing near. After a short while, they surrounded Luo Feng.

“No!” the Golden Horned Beast said. He knew he was in trouble when he saw tens of thousands of shadows flying toward him. “Wing cap!”

Golden Horned Beast opened his golden wing. It immediately grew larger and blocked most of the black daggers. Some of them pierced through the belly of the Golden Horned Beast and kept hitting his body.

Golden Horned Beast body slowed down sharply as Bei Feng Knight and Qi Blood Palace Leader approached.

“Damn you two! Still chasing!” he said.

I have Force Armor to protect me! They really think they can hurt me? I pretended to be affected by the soul attack because I wanted to feel the power of the legendary Qi Blood Spear. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have even had a chance to injure me!

“You want to stop me by using a spiritual force weapon?” he said. “If I use Golden Thread Aurora Mirror, it’ll have a much stronger resistance power than your spiritual force weapon.”

Golden Horned Beast body looked back coldly. He didn’t even consider Qi Blood Palace Leader and Bei Feng Knight to be a threat. Though he was far inferior when it came to attacking power, his Force Armor and the enormous godly could make Bei Feng Knight and Qi Blood Palace Leader despair. He only wanted to test the power of Qi Blood Spear, and now he was leaving.

Regardless, I need to get rid of those two, he thought. Otherwise, my plan will be seen through. I’ll teach them a lesson first.

Hu!

Golden Horned Beast body growled and waved his wing.

Hua!

He turned back and dashed at Bei Feng Knight and Qi Blood Palace Leader. Qi Blood Palace Leader was exhilarated seeing this, and he shouted, “That stupid Golden Horned Beast wanted to die! I’ll happily satisfy his wish!”

Hong!

Qi Blood Palace Leader burned his godly body and raced toward Golden Horned Beast body.

Hou!

Golden Horned Beast’s wing struck out like blades.

“Hahaha…!”

Bloody light flashed across the eyes of Qi Blood Palace Leader, and his Qi Blood Spear was covered with bloody light as well. He had gone completely insane! It was like two stars hitting each other!

Hong!

The space trembled. Golden Horned Beast body clashed against Qi Blood Palace Leader with his sharp wing again and again while Qi Blood Palace Leader kept dodging it. At the same time, he wielded his spear unrelentingly. The way he wielded his spear was strange. It went faster and faster, and his godly body became more and more forceful.

Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu!

They fought each other fiercely for several seconds.

Qi Blood Palace Leader backed down first. The bloody light in his eyes had already dissipated, and he was not nearly as predatory as before.

“What happened, Qi Blood?” Bei Feng Knight asked as he flew toward him. “Even your ultimate technique is not working? Your ‘Thirteen Spear’ uses the special techniques contained in Qi Blood Spear and the burning godly body. You said before that you need to burn more and more of your godly body and few universe overlords can withstand the Thirteen Spear.”

Thirteen Spear… When the spear attacked the first time, it only consumed one-1,000th of the godly body, but the more it attacked, the more energy it consumed. And after the spear attacked 13 times, it consumed 9 percent of his godly body!

“What? What?” Qi Blood Palace Leader’s eyes flared with shock and anger. “Impossible! Impossible! I lost 9 percent of my godly body but still couldn’t weaken his force?”

Bei Feng Knight and Qi Blood Palace Leader glared at Golden Horned Beast. Golden Horned Beast looked back at them and growled. At the same time, the vigorous Golden Thread Aurora Domain enveloped the hundreds of millions of square miles around them. Bei Feng Knight and Qi Blood Palace Leader were completely trapped.

“It’s a domain type valuable!”

Sou!

Golden Horned Beast body waved his wing and flew away from the endless golden thread auroras and muttered, “Lesson taught. Got to go now.”

For what it’s worth, this Qi Blood Palace Leader is impressive. He was able to consume one-10,000th of my godly body even with my Force Armor protecting me. If I were a smaller-sized universe overlord, I might have been annihilated.


Chapter 1043: Superpowers that Should Not Be Underestimated

In the sky above the plain, Qi Blood Palace Leader and Bei Feng Knight gazed at each other with fright and solemness.

“Impressive.” Bei Feng Knight said with his mild voice. “That great being from Space Beast Alliance must have a domain type treasure and a flying type true treasure. As for the armor he uses, it must be a senior true treasure!”

“Yes! It’s got to be a senior true treasure, and the third form has been triggered,” Qi Blood Palace Leader said in a deep voice. “If it were only an ordinary true treasure, he wouldn’t have defended against my Qi Blood Spear so easily.”

They exchanged eye contact. They were in trouble!

A senior true treasure in its third form, together with that enormous godly body… This was a combination that could make universe overlords tremble.

The more powerful a great being was, the more demeaning it was to fall. It was difficult for universe overlords to die, as even if they couldn’t fight against their enemies, they could still escape… And as for those with senior true treasure armor that was able to weaken the power of an attack by 99.99 percent, it was almost impossible to kill them, especially if they also had enormous godly bodies. Unless, of course, the power gap was significant, or they were attacked by universe masters or universe overlords who were special life forms. “We can’t do anything about it,” Bei Feng Knight continued in his mild voice. “Besides, he was alerted to what just happened. Our arrangement might not work anymore.”

“What should we do, then?” Qi Blood Palace Leader asked.

“First of all, we can’t admit that we fought that Golden Horned Beast,” Bei Feng Knight said. “No great beings saw us, and nobody will know if we don’t tell anyone. Secondly, we’ll follow the order from our alliance. A universe master is making arrangements, and there are members of our alliance sent to the whirlpool portals close to the birthplace of that godly blade. Fu Mo Master will come here himself later, and that Golden Horned Beast won’t be able to run away.”

Qi Blood Palace Leader nodded. The Northern Territory Alliance was one of the strongest powers in the universe, and few could get away from the blockade.

Inside an ancient forest on the original star, Golden Horned Beast hid. His eyes gleamed anxiously.

“What should we do?”

“The original plan won’t work now.”

Luo Feng had known about the godly blade of Blade River Luo in the virtual universe previously. He decided to run right after that, and he chose to run to the whirlpool portal!

Based on Luo Feng’s original plan, he would fly to the whirlpool portal first, and when he almost arrived, he would temporarily separate the Golden Horned Beast body, Mosha body, and Remote Ocean body. The Golden Horned Beast would transfer all the valuables to Mosha body, who would carry Remote Ocean body and hide by camouflaging himself as mud. Then the Golden Horned Beast would try to pass the whirlpool portal!

If he succeeded, Mosha body would follow. If he failed, he would self-destruct. At the same time, the original earthling body of Luo Feng would seek help from Primal Chaos City Leader through the virtual universe!

The whirlpool portal was the closest to human territory. After Primal Chaos City Leader arrived, he could take Luo Feng away with his power.

The plan may have been simple, but it was also direct and efficient. However, the fight between Qi Blood Palace Leader and Bei Feng Knight had made Luo Feng change his mind.

They both flew here to look for me, thought Luo Feng, which means the Northern Territory Alliance is fast… Perhaps the universe knights from the Northern Territory Alliance recognized the blade when it unveiled itself.

He could speculate from his combat with Qi Blood Palace Leader and Bei Feng Knight that the Northern Territory Alliance had made arrangements for this a long time ago. The universe master from the Northern Territory Alliance was now on his way, and he might arrive sooner than Primal Chaos City Leader…

“It’ll be a slaughter if I try to run to the whirlpool portal now,” said Luo Feng. “I’m not comfortable with this plan… But what should I do, then? Should I go to other whirlpool portals? There are 10,081 whirlpool portals on one original star, and each of them is hundreds of millions of miles away from each other. It would normally take more than half an hour to fly from one portal to another.”

It would take him around 15 minutes to fly from the whirlpool portal closest to him.

“If the arrangements made by the Northern Territory Alliance were as meticulous as I suspect, there will probably be guards at the whirlpool portals closest to the birthplace of the godly blade.” Luo Feng shook his head. “If I go there, it’ll be running into a trap.”

It was dangerous for him to go to any of the whirlpool portals connecting the outside world, regardless of the distance! Flying to the whirlpool portals in the distance was out of the question. The universe master would have arrived by the time he made it there. The universe master could control space and time, and he could suppress his enemies even if the enemies were far from them.

“How about Mosha body’s inherited technique, ‘replication’?”

But Luo Feng shook his head again. Mosha body was from one of the ordinary races, and the inherited technique was just a lower-tier technique. Although it was strange and unique, it could be defeated.

The Northern Territory Alliance was one of the top nine powers in the universe, and once it had finished its arrangements… It would be almost impossible for Luo Feng to get away!

“I have to turn to my teacher now,” Luo Feng concluded.

At the apex of Thunder Island in the virtual universe, Primal Chaos City Leader’s palace was enveloped by mist.

Luo Feng stepped into the palace and shouted respectfully, “Teacher!”

A figure in a golden cape walked out. “Luo Feng,” said Primal Chaos City Leader, smiling at Luo Feng. “You should be on the original star now. What are you here for?”

“I have an emergency,” Luo Feng said. He hesitated. “I sent my Golden Horned Beast body and my Mosha body to the original star.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded and listened. He surely already knew this, as the original earthling body was in Thousand Treasures River.

“I happened to get a component of Blade River Luo,” Luo Feng said.

“Oh…! That was you?” Primal Chaos City Leader was thrilled and laughed. “I just got the news that two space beasts from the Space Beast Alliance got the component… I was thinking that if that component could fall into the hands of us humans, it would be important leverage against the Thorn Ring Alliance.”

“Yes, but I’m in big trouble now. The Northern Territory Alliance also knows about it, and it’s started to prepare to attack me.”

Primal Chaos City Leader frowned. “Tell me more.”

“Yes, teacher.”

Luo Feng started to elaborate. He mentioned Qi Blood Palace Leader and Bei Feng Knight by name.

“You weren’t hurt by them?” Primal Chaos City Leader said, looking at Luo Feng in shock.

Qi Blood Palace Leader and Bei Feng Knight were renowned universe overlords who represented the power of ordinary universe overlords! Primal Chaos City Leader was thrilled that Luo Feng had been able to defend against him. Instantly, he speculated that his disciple Luo Feng must have a defending true treasure and that it might be a senior true treasure like a senior true treasure armor!

However, he didn’t ask Luo Feng directly. He had known for a long time that Luo Feng kept many secrets, like the exceptional power of his undying godly body, which was better than those of many universe knights. Primal Chaos City Leader had seen Luo Feng become undying, as well as the scene he had caused when the origin law arrived! Besides, Luo Feng had become undying within Thousand Treasures River, and his control on space and time told Primal Chaos City Leader that Luo Feng’s godly body was stronger than that of some universe knights.

Primal Chaos City Leader didn’t ask any further questions.

Perhaps my disciple got lucky, he thought. Perhaps he met an omnipotent being. Perhaps it’s before the Grand Nirvana Period…

Whatever the reason, Primal Chaos City Leader was happy to see it. He didn’t care what happened to his disciple, as long as he could get stronger. The more powerful Luo Feng became, the more likely that a new pillar for humans would be born.

“I’m still not as good as Qi Blood Palace Leader when it comes to combat,” said Luo Feng. “I survived because of my godly body.”

“Godly bodies are also part of your strength,” Primal Chaos City Leader said.

Luo Feng quickly replied, “Teacher, you must understand by now. Those great beings from the Northern Territory Alliance are coming after me. What should I do? I’ll be in danger no matter which portal I go to. Please, teacher, would you help me out?”

“You’re smart enough not to make such a decision by yourself.” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “You would be caught and killed without help, now. The Northern Territory Alliance is a rival of our alliance. And they have more great beings and races! They have all sorts of special life forms and races who have inherited techniques. You won’t be able to defend yourself against them. Your inherited technique ‘replication’ is an impressive hiding skill. Only universe masters controlling space and time can see through your disguising.” Luo Feng nodded. Control over space and time was indeed impressive, and domain and replication would both be rendered useless. As for his inherited technique “strengthen,” his godly body amplification could hit 100 times at most, and it would not be helpful.

Inherited techniques were effective only when one’s power was weak. When one became a universe master, only a few inherited techniques were still useful. However, Luo Feng had achieved a perfect life gene level, and the universe had bestowed him with one of the top-tier inherited techniques, “I Am the Universe.”

“Inherited techniques can be cracked by other inherited techniques,” Primal Chaos City Leader continued. “There are all sorts of inherited techniques in the universe, and some might even be inherited techniques bestowed by the universe. There are different levels of inherited techniques, and naturally, they have different levels of power and usage. Some of them counteract each other. Some of them are similar to each other. However, the more powerful you become, the less useful those inherited techniques will be.”

Primal Chaos City Leader smiled and added, “For instance, the soul attack Bark Mirror Emperor has was an inherited technique, but any sort of soul attacks from universe masters are much weaker than that.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“The Northern Territory has set you up, and there’s no way that you can use your techniques to break out.” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head. “You’ve underestimated its power.”

“Then what should I do?” Luo Feng said.

Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “I have my ways.”


Chapter 1044: A Meeting on the Original Stars

“Teacher, would you like to give me some advice?” Luo Feng asked. He listened carefully.

Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “The Northern Territory Alliance might have guards in front of every whirlpool portal, which means what you need to do is not get close to any whirlpool portal!”

Luo Feng was dazed, but he understood what his teacher was implying. “Teacher, do you mean… That I should just wander across original stars and stay away from any whirlpool portal?”

“Yes.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Stay away from any whirlpool portal and the place where the godly blade unveiled itself. Then those universe overlords will find it difficult to meet you. The only way to catch you is to wait for the arrival of a universe master of the Northern Territory Alliance.”

Luo Feng nodded. It would be safe for him not to go to the whirlpool portal. However, a universe master of the opposition alliance would arrive, after which he could only wait to be captured.

“Your disguise is useless in front of a universe master,” Primal Chaos City Leader added. “You don’t need a disguise. All you need to do is separate your Golden Horned Beast body and your Remote Ocean body. Leave all your valuables with Remote Ocean body. As for universe masters of the Northern Territory Alliance, they’ll only search for those two Space Beasts, and they won’t be able to recognize your Remote Ocean body even if they see it. There are universe knights of all races on the original stars. You’ll be identified in you camouflage, but your Remote Ocean body doesn’t need it.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Even if he kills Golden Horned Beast body, he won’t be able to find any valuables,” Primal Chaos City Leader went on. “He’ll then start to inspect all the great beings on the original stars. But he won’t dare to be reckless. As long as you separate your bodies, you can earn yourself enough time. I’ll arrive by then. All you need to do is to survive until I arrive at the original stars.”

Luo Feng nodded. “I understand, teacher.”

It was plain and simple. All Luo Feng had to do was stall his enemies and not go near the whirlpool portals! He would be safe when Primal Chaos City Leader arrived! It was a simple plan—so simple that there were few flaws.

“Go,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Remember what I said. Besides, the universe master of the Northern Territory Alliance might get there before I do. Don’t give the plan away after he arrives.”

“I understand,” Luo Feng said, nodding.

Within the Thousand Treasures River of the Primal Region, human territory.

Hong! Long! Long!

Thousand Treasures River vanished and transformed into a shirt, covering the towering Primal Chaos City Leader who now stood over 6,000 miles tall. He carried a rugged stone staff and stood in the sky barefoot, gazing out into the distance.

“I’ll go to the original stars first,” he said, “but I’ll be back soon. Stop studying your techniques and help me guard the primal region.”

“Yes, brother.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. He took a step into space and disappeared.

Several universe knights and servants in the palaces within the Thousand Treasures River noticed that Thousand Treasures River had suddenly disappeared.

“Where is the Thousand Treasures River?”

“Thousand Treasures River disappeared!”

“Our teacher might have gone out.”

Luo Feng’s earthling original body also stood outside the palace and looked into the distance. “I hope everything goes well…” he whispered.

At the end of the whirlpool portal closest to the place where the godly blade of Blade River Luo had appeared, a flash of light was approaching.

“Man Ke Knight is coming!” someone cried. “He has a domain type true treasure, and we have our third-level arrangement. We’re more likely to succeed now. No matter how powerful that Space Beast is, and even if he’s a special life form, he won’t be able to get away!”

“The latest news is that some great beings of Hong Alliance are also trying to kill those Space Beasts.”

“No!”

“What should we do? Should we just wait here?”

“Relax. The original stars are enormous, and nobody can teleport or initiate God Country Transportation here. Do you really think it’s that easy to hunt someone down? Let’s just wait here and guard this place.”

In the forest under the whirlpool portal to the outside.

There were seven beings in the forest where Bei Li Knight and Qi Blood Palace Leader landed.

“Qi Blood Palace Leader, Bei Feng Knight! You two finally arrived. You were supposed to arrive earliest. Wang Jia Knight said that you two were surveying the surroundings.”

Qi Blood Palace Leader snorted. “Of course we were surveying the place. Do you really think we’ll go fight those Space Beasts?”

“Nothing’s certain.”

Heng!

Qi Blood Palace Leader and Bei Feng Knight both snorted.

“Do you think I would be back this soon if I was fighting the Space Beasts? It would take a long time to travel from the birthplace of the godly blade back here.” Qi Blood Palace Leader gazed apathetically at the being with almost 1,000 hooves. “Don’t speculate without any evidence.”

Qi Blood Palace Leader and Bei Feng Knight glanced at Wang Jia Knight, who immediately realized that they’d failed.

“Fortunately, I used quite a few resources and valuables to recover my godly body,” Qi Blood Palace Leader said as he glanced around and sat down with his legs crossed. He thought, If they notice that my godly body is injured, there will be trouble.

Meanwhile…

Hong!

Hong!

Two beings showed up at the whirlpool portal.

“Look!”

“Something’s happening.”

All the nine supreme beings looked up into the sky.

“No need to hurry. They’re universe knights who entered the original stars from the outside. They belong to the Hong Alliance.”

“Two universe knights of the Hong Alliance again? Why do great beings of Hong Alliance keep coming here?”

This worried the great beings of the Northern Territory Alliance who were hiding here. Bei Feng Knight transmitted his mild voice, saying, “Perhaps the Hong Alliance also found out about the component of Blade River Luo.”

“Wang Jia Knight, report this to our alliance. We’ll be in trouble if the Hong Alliance meddles!”

“Okay!”

After the news about Blade River Luo spread through the virtual universe, quite a few universe knights raced toward there, and some of them only went there because they wanted to enjoy the fights. They all knew that “a component of Blade River Luo” would produce a furious upheaval, and there was no way they would miss it.

Some of the universe knights closest to the birthplace had arrived, followed by many others. On the original star where Luo Feng resided, many great beings of the Hong Alliance were flying towards the birthplace of Blade River Luo. Meanwhile, the Northern Territory Alliance was constructing a delicate arrangement.

After Luo Feng’s chat with Primal Chaos City Leader…

Sou!

A flash of light flew by in the distance.

“There’s another forest,” Golden Horned Beast said, looking afar and diving down at sub-lightspeed. “I’ll fly into the forest and separate my Remote Ocean body and my Golden Horned Beast body.”

Golden Horned Beast body was fast; he quickly arrived above the forest and dove down.

“Hua!”

Golden Horned Beast body stopped after arriving at the forest. He stepped on a thick trunk and looked at his wing. The golden wing was trembling.

“What’s happening?” Luo Feng was astounded. Shi Wu Wing, which had merged with the scaled wing, was trembling unrelentingly.

Ang! Ang! Ang!

It was shivering out of Luo Feng’s control—as if some singular point of origin afar was attracting it like a magnet.

“Shi Wu Wing has already recognized me as its master,” Luo Feng said, shocked to his very core by what he was seeing. “A true treasure that has recognized me as its master should completely follow my orders… Shouldn’t it? Why is it out of control now? What’s happening in that direction?”

Golden Horned Beast looked into the sky in the distance. He felt that if he didn’t suppress it, Shi Wu Wing would lead him in that direction.

“What… What’s happening?”

In that direction, a being stood in the sky. He was around 25 feet tall with thick legs and eight arms. By all appearances, he looked as if he were made entirely of metal. He didn’t have any hair on his body but was completely bald. He was in the shape of a being of automaton race. He wore black armor, and there was a black set of wings on his back.

Ang! Ang! Ang!

The wing quivered crazily.

“Huh?” the bald, eight-armed knight turned around and looked at his wing. He gazed into the distance. “What’s the meaning of this? My wing is a true treasure, and I’ve been utilizing it for hundreds of thousands of years. This has never happened.”

He was powerful and venerated. He had come to original stars eight times before, and he’d been through far deadlier situations. However, this was the first time his true treasure wing had behaved outside of his control.

“What’s going on?” he said, his eyes gleaming coldly.

Sou!

He shook his wing and flew in the direction of the strange sensation like a flash of black light.

Golden Horned Beast body stood on the trunk with his wing open. He looked up at the sky and could distinctively feel that the attraction was growing stronger by the second. It was as if the point of origin were approaching him.

“In that direction… There’s a black spot!”

Golden Horned Beast body saw a beam of black light. There was a black point far in the distance racing toward him. It appeared to be a supreme being.

“It’s him,” said Golden Horned Beast body, gazing at the figure. “The source of the disruption.”

The black light continued pressing on toward him. The being of automaton race also looked in Golden Horned Beast’s direction and saw the golden-winged body of the Golden Horned Beast. They now both saw each other.

“Wait… the wing on his back!” said Golden Horned Beast, immediately noticing the black wing on the great being’s back.

The bald, eight-armed being looked down and saw the golden wing on Golden Horned Beast body. They sensed each other at the same time.

“Could it be that my wing is only… a portion of a true treasure?” Luo Feng murmured to himself.

Luo Feng was firstly startled, then exhilarated.

The eight-armed, bald knight was also overjoyed, having arrived at the same conclusion. “My wing is only a component?” he said, grinning.

They gazed upon one another from a distance. An aura of hostility sizzled between them.


Chapter 1045: Tian Yang Knight

“No wonder Shi Wu Wing didn’t send me any detailed information when it recognized me as it master when I obtained it,” said Luo Feng. “I thought it was because the great being who created Shi Wu Wing didn’t leave any information. But the real reason is that Shi Wu Wing is a broken true treasure! Besides, Primal Chaos City Leader told me when he gave it to me that no other lives in the universe knew about the existence of Shi Wu Wing, and he also said that it was not created by him. Apparently, Shi Wu Wing is more mysterious than I realized. The information on Shi Wu Wing was recorded in a book my teacher Primal Chaos City Leader gave to me.”

Luo Feng could still remember the book. It detailed the three different forms of Shi Wu Wing and had been discovered by Primal Chaos City Leader during his research.

“According to the information, Shi Wu Wing appeared virtually of nowhere,” Luo Feng recalled. “It was exceptionally tough and tensile, and even beings as strong as universe masters aren’t able to destroy it.” Luo Feng got more excited. “I’m particularly curious about this part. Powerful universe masters should be able to damage an ordinary true treasure. However, based on the information given by Primal Chaos City Leader, Shi Wu Wing is indestructible! I’ve always thought it was because the material of Shi Wu Wing was special. Until now… It seems that my Shi Wu Wing is a component of an incredible true treasure, which is why the material is also extraordinary.”

Just like that, Luo Feng’s questions had been completely solved. True treasures that had recognized someone as their owners could attract each other. The only reason this had happened was because they had originally been one.

Golden Horned Beast body looked up at the sky, and the eight-armed, bald knight looked down at Golden Horned Beast. Thoughts flooded both of their minds. Actually, in the long period of time they had spent using the true treasure wing, they both felt that their wings were different from other ordinary true treasures… However, nobody could say for sure that they were broken true treasure. After all, such a notion was inconceivable.

Like Thousand Treasures River—which was made up of over 1,000 true treasures—true treasures strengthened each other, resulting in boundless power. However, every true treasure had hidden flaws. Many fighters might only be able to wield the power of top-tier treasures. Luo Feng’s Shi Wu Wing, after all, always worked as a fine ordinary true treasure.

Even a mere component of a true treasure works so greatly… Luo Feng thought. What if they’re combined?

The eight-armed, bald knight looked down at Luo Feng. “Light Wing saved me several times, and even now that I’m a universe overlord, it is an ordinary true treasure that has never disappointed me. The Light Wing is actually a component of a powerful true treasure. I need to get the other part no matter what! If they’re combined, they must lead to material change, and the power will be significantly improved!”

Golden Horned Beast body looked up at the being in the sky. The most prominent universe overlords had records within the human race, and Luo Feng remembered all of them. He was able to recognize most of them—except few supreme beings who kept themselves hidden.

Tian Yang Knight, thought Luo Feng. A universe overlord of the automaton race. Based on the available record, he has three true treasures. One of them is an ordinary true treasure armor, one is an ordinary true treasure wing, and one is a senior true treasure “Eight Light Shuttle.” He’s the candidate deified general for Xing Guang General, and he created the ultimate technique Eight Shuttle.

Luo Feng realized that he was in trouble after recalling his information. Tian Yang Knight was a handful. He was powerful and proficient in escape techniques! Luo Feng could sense that this enemy was not to be trifled with.

Though I don’t need to worry about universe overlords because of my Force Armor, they have much stronger attacking skills. It’s difficult for me to kill senior universe knights. As for this Tian Yang Knight… it would be almost impossible for me to kill him.

Tian Yang Knight looked down at Golden Horned Beast and was a bit hesitant.

Who is he? he wondered. It’s a Golden Horned Beast in golden armor and a golden wing. I don’t recall a great being like that in Space Beast Alliance.

The Space Beast Alliance was always mysterious, and the great beings who showed up were known for their giant bodies. To kill a Golden Horned Beast universe knight? Such a feat was nearly impossible.

Golden Horned Beast and Tian Yang Knight stared at each other. Each wanted the true treasure wing possessed by the other. However, they both felt that the enemy standing before them should not be underestimated; Luo Feng was not confident because he was too weak to injure his enemy, while Tian Yang Knight was not confident that he could kill a Golden Horned Beast that was over 600 miles long.

“I am Tian Yang Knight,” Tian Yang Knight said, slowly coming to a landing. He landed on a branch and transmitted his voice.

Golden Horned Beast transmitted his hoarse voice in reply. “I am Golden Wing Knight.”

Tian Yang Knight raised his head and looked at Golden Horned Beast. He smiled. “Golden Wing Knight of the Space Beast Alliance, my true treasure wing and your wing seem to have some sort of special connection. I want your true treasure wing… Name your price.”

“One top-tier true treasure,” Golden Horned Beast said.

Heng!

Tian Yang Knight frowned. A top-tier true treasure! Even some universe masters didn’t have top-tier true treasures, and even if the wings were combined, they wouldn’t necessarily become a top-tier true treasure.

“So, you don’t want to exchange?” Tian Yan Knight said, transmitting his voice.

“So, do you?” asked Golden Horned Beast.

They knew each other’s decision the second they transmitted their voices. Apparently, they both valued their true treasure wings. They needed extremely precious true treasures… However, they wouldn’t be able to afford such a trade.

Hong! Hong!

They both moved.

“Then die!”

The eyes of Tian Yang Knight glinted with hostility. This godly power started to be burned. Eight 20-foot-long projectiles emanating black light showed up on his arms. These “shuttles” shot at Luo Feng.

“You?” Golden Horned Beast burned his godly body, growled, and charged at Tian Yang Knight.

Hong! Long! Long!

Trees started to fall, and they began to fight each other in close proximity. They attacked over 100 times in a single second.

To be exact, it was Tian Yang Knight who attacked Golden Horned Beast. Golden Horned Beast quickly became half a mile long and defended himself, using his wing to counter-strike occasionally.

“Eight!” Tian Yang Knight said, and the power of eight shuttles surged. “Eight!” Tian Yang Knight screamed again. “Eight!”

He screamed three times, and his voice resounded and shook the soul. Tian Yang Knight’s face looked holy, but there was a black light radiating from his eyes.

The ultimate technique Eight Shuttles was a magnificent move. Golden Horned Beast was not able to fight back. He could only bear the attacks again and again. Tian Yang Knight grabbed the eight formidable-looking shuttles. They were a breathtaking sight. The wing on Tian Yang Knight shook continuously, and the change in the flow of time around him made his shuttles even more splendid. It was a glorious ultimate technique! And it was terrifically powerful!

“Hua!”

Golden Horned Beast rolled like a mountain and ran over the trees. He stood up instantly.

Tian Yang Knight floated in the sky and gazed down at Golden Horned Beast. “Your… Tour godly body is not even injured?” he said. He had already performed his ultimate technique and had consumed 3 percent of his godly body. Meanwhile, to his surprise, his enemy’s godly body was not hurt at all.

“Unfortunately, your godly body is,” Golden Horned Beast replied in a deep voice.

“A large godly body and powerful armor,” said Tian Yang Knight. “Humph! Your true treasure wing will belong to me someday in the future.”

Tian Yang Knight’s eyes glinted with bitterness. He shook his black wing and flew away. How could he continue? A giant godly body with powerful armor made him despair.

Sou!

Golden Horned Beast flew away. After a short while, the forest recovered as if there hadn’t been a fight at all.

After Golden Horned Beast left the forest, Remote Ocean body left as well. Golden Horned Beast body store Shi Wu Wing, claw set treasure, Tower Pearl, Golden Thread Aurora Mirror, Force Armor, and the component of Blade River Luo. Then Remote Ocean body shrunk to around 30 feet tall and sat down in the grass on a hill. Golden Horned Beast body flew away without even one valuable. He flew across the plain and flew into a vast forest.

“Another true treasure wing…” Remote Ocean body said as he lay on the grass with his eyes half-closed.

“I have a strong defense and a strong godly body, just like Nine Remoteness Master facing a universe supreme master,” Luo Feng said. “Universe supreme masters are much stronger than Nine Remoteness master, but they couldn’t do anything to him in Nine Remoteness Ocean with a diameter of over ten light years. However, it’s impossible for Nine Remoteness Master to kill a universe supreme master!”

This worked to his disadvantage. He was after all an undying fighter! Even his godly body could rival that of a universe knight with the help of the Nine Volume Manual, and he had the superior true treasure Force Armor and an enormous godly body to protect him! Even among universe overlords, there were few who had such strong defending power.

However, he was still weak when it came to attacks. First of all, he had low law comprehension. He did have true treasures for attacking and strong willpower and mind to fight against senior universe knights, but universe overlords who had true treasures and higher law comprehension could still crush him when it came to attacking skills.

Although they could crush Luo Feng, Qi Blood Palace Leader had consumed 9 percent of his godly power yet had only damaged one-10,000th of Golden Horned Beast’s godly boy. Tian Yang Knight, similarly, had consumed 3 percent of his godly body, but he couldn’t even damage one-10,000th of Golden Horned Beast’s godly body.

“How can I get that true treasure wing?” Golden Horned Beast wondered, snarling with bitterness.

Hong!

All of a sudden, an incredible force hit the original star and permeated outward. Golden Horned Beast was entangled by the invisible force. It was complete control over the space and time!

“Control on the space and time?”

Golden Horned Beast’s eyes glinted with fright. He knew… a universe master had arrived!


Chapter 1046: Fu Mo Master

A towering being landed slowly on the ground beside the space whirlpool. He was more than 1,000 miles tall, and he was covered with black and red scaled-armor. He had a green face, green eyebrows, and two cardinal horns. He had only one eye, but that eye could see through everything on the original star, which trembled the space around him.

Hong!

Every spot on the Original Star—plains, forests, deserts, mountains, swamps, and oceans—was bound by the power! All the great beings on the original star were shocked to their very core.

“A universe master has arrived.”

“It’s a universe master!”

“Universe masters have come to this original star!”

Most of the universe knights didn’t know why a universe master had arrived, but none of them dared to resist. Although control over space and time couldn’t kill a universe master, it could still make it hard for universe overlords to walk—not to mention fly! Universe masters, on the other hand, could fly all the way to their targets and kill them.

Although universe overlords could rival the most ordinary universe masters when they let out their full strength, they could only rival universe masters when they didn’t use any true treasure! Unfortunately, it was impossible for universe masters not to have any true treasures!

That was why there were only a few universe overlords who dared to fight universe masters, and at least there were no universe overlords who were able to do that on this original star! This was why, when they felt the powerful binding essence, they all knew it came from a universe master, and none of them dared to revolt.

“No! It’s not likely to be Primal Chaos City Leader.”

Golden Horned Beast raised his head. He could feel the fetters of this powerful force everywhere. If it had been Primal Chaos City Leader, he would have transmitted his voice already.

“How powerful the universe master is!” Luo Feng exclaimed. “The fetter is so strong, and he might have not even let out all his strength.”

Once someone became a universe master, he was able to control space and time; he could even turn back time and see everything that happened. If they were powerful enough, they were even able to resurrect a fallen being.

He was able to control an enormous area of space and time. The original star was completely under his control.

The universe overlords heard a voice that made their heart miss a beat. “Leave it to me,” said the voice. “You can all go now.”

They were universe overlords, and they knew most of the universe masters within the Northern Territory Alliance. They could tell from the voice immediately that it was Fu Mo Master!

They stopped being so careful. Instead, they were overjoyed.

Fu Mo Master stood on the plain and immediately had everything on the original star under his control. He saw through all the space, the mountains, and the mud of the ground—and easily located the Golden Horned Beast lying in the forest afar.

“Space Beast Alliance.”

A chill flashed through Fu Mo Master’s eyes.

Heng! Hong!

Inside the forest.

The fetter in the space and time around the Golden Horned Beast suddenly surged as if an intangible giant had grabbed him with crushing force.

“Ah!”

Golden Horned Beast felt the terrific pressure bearing down on him. He quickly started to burn his godly power to resist it. However, the power of the fetter kept increasing.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Golden Horned Beast’s godly body kept being weakened—1 percent was depleted immediately. The total quickly dropped from 99 percent to 98 percent, then 97 percent… His godly body just kept being weakened.

If I have my Force Armor on me, thought Luo Feng, I can weaken the force by 99.99 percent. That way, I won’t be so easily annihilated. Anyhow, universe masters are so mighty… I haven’t even seen him yet, yet I’m already seriously injured!

Golden Horned Beast tried to stand still and resist the pressure.

“Golden Horned Beast,” a cold voice resounded. “Where’s your true treasure armor? You were attacked by eight senior universe knights, one of whom has a true treasure, yet you were not injured at all! Why is it you are hurt only by my manipulation of space and time? Where’s your true treasure armor? Where’s your wing?”

“Just go on and kill me! Kill me!” Golden Horned Beast growled. “Hahaha…!”

“It seems that you’ve moved all your true treasures,” said Fu Mo Master.

Heng!

Golden Horned Beast snorted.

Fu Mo Master was omnipotent, and it was natural that he could speculate Luo Feng’s actions. He just wanted to use space and time to suppress Golden Horned Beast. Then he was going to concentrate his godly power to attack him directly!

However, before he could even concentrate his godly power, Golden Horned Beast’s godly body was being consumed. This was entirely beyond Fu Mo Master’s expectations. How could a Golden Horned Beast, who had incredible defending power, and who was more difficult to deal with than universe overlords, be killed so easily?

There was only one explanation. The Golden Horned Beast had transferred all his true treasures elsewhere.

“Golden Horned Beast, I’m a universe master,” he said in a cold voice. “You’re not even worth killing to me. I bet it took a long time for you to cultivate that godly body. Just give me the component! As long as you give me the component, or tell me where you put it, I’ll let you go.”

“Universe master, I might have been killed if I carried my true treasures,” Golden Horned Beast said. “Unfortunately, I don’t have any valuables on me, so there’s no point threatening me. Golden Horned Beasts have clone techniques, so even if this godly body falls, the others will remain intact. As for a soul attack? Though my mind and willpower are not your match, I can easily self-destruct before you erode me.”

All was silent. Fu Mo Master also stayed quiet for a while.

Indeed, it was extremely difficult to control a universe overlord’s mind. It was almost impossible, even for universe masters who specialized in soul type attacks. Firstly, there wasn’t a huge gap between the willpower and the mind of a universe overlord and a universe master; all universe overlords were extraordinary. Fu Mo Master didn’t even specialize in soul type attacks, yet it would be a walk in the part for him to control the mind of a universe overlord.

As for soul erosion killing, universe overlords were perceptive and careful. Once they realized they couldn’t resist it, they would destroy themselves!

“Golden Horned Beast,” the voice said, growing even colder. “Are you threatening me?”

“Of course I’m not,” Golden Horned Beast replied. “I just don’t want to give you the component of Blade River Luo. I attained this valuable through luck and power. Universe masters are superior and venerated. Why would you need to capture my valuable using such powerful methods? You can’t possibly need that valuable that much.”

Heng!

Fu Mo Master was becoming angry. “You can only transfer your true treasure to other great beings instead of getting it out of the original star,” he said. “After all, there were arrangements around the portal. Since the birth of Blade River Luo, there have been 122 potential universe knights who were close enough for you to have transferred it to. Out of all 122 universe knights, 89 of them are from the Hong Alliance or of the prison race, and they wouldn’t be willing to help you. That leaves 33 who may have helped you. Your true treasure must be hidden with one of the 33 universe knights.”

“I’ll give you two choices,” Fu Mo Master continued. “Option one: Tell me where the true treasure is. All I need is the godly blade of Blade River Luo. Option two: I take the time and slaughter every one of those universe knights until I find it. Odds are I I’ll have to kill at least ten before I find it. After that, I’ll take all your other true treasures, too. It’s your choice. Option one or option two?”

Golden Horned Beast looked startled. “You… You’d slaughter universe knights just to get it?”

“Most of them will be willing to be interrogated by me under the threat of death,” Fu Mo Master went on, “so I may only need to kill some of them. In any case, those who dare to go against me deserve to die.”

“You—you…” For the first time, Golden Horned Beast appeared to become anxious.

Luo Feng, however, was not anxious. In fact, everything was going according to his plan.

Just as Primal Chaos City Leader had told him, he could buy himself some time by separating the Golden Horned Beast body and Remote Ocean body. And, of course, the longer he kept Fu Mo Master talking, the more time he bought himself. If Primal Chaos City Leader couldn’t make it here on time, Fu Mo Master would find all the true treasures eventually.

Perhaps Fu Mo Master wouldn’t really kill universe knights of other races recklessly just for a godly blade of Blade River Luo, thought Luo Feng. For now, I’ll just buy as much time as possible.

Golden Horned Beast continued to act surprised. “Fu Mo Master!” he said, wide-eyed. “You’re a universe master! How could you…!”

Hong!

Another terrific ripple arrived and surrounded the original star. The fetter binding the Golden Horned Beast was immediately gone.

“Another universe master!”

“Two universe masters!”

“What’s happening on this original star?”

The universe knights on the original star were all petrified.

My teacher? Luo Feng thought.

A giant beast engulfed in flames, standing over 6,000 miles tall, showed up in the sky. The figure exuded boundless power.

“Fu Mo Master!” resounded the voice of the giant beast engulfed in flames. “I heard that you’re going to attack a great being of the Space Beast Alliance and capture his valuable! You! Are you provoking our Space Beast Alliance?”

“Flame Star Master!”

Indignation flashed through Fu Mo Master’s eyes. Flame Star Master was the most ancient and most powerful being of the Flame Star Beasts—one of the twelve pinnacle bloodlines of the Space Beast Alliance.

Chapter 1047

Flame Star Master growled in the endless flames.

Hong! Long! Long!

Each inch of the original star was trembling, and the space and time under Fu Mo Master’s control were taken away… Apparently, Flame Star Master and Fu Mo Master were fighting for the control over the original star.

“Fu Mo Master!” The giant beast in flames roared, and his voice pierced through layers of space and blasted beside Fu Mo Master’s ears. “That Golden Horned Beast is a member of my Space Beast Alliance. Now that I’m here, don’t even think about hurting him! Hahaha… You can’t suppress him by controlling space and time, and you can only fly towards him. The great being of my Space Beast Alliance will have already left through the whirlpool long before you arrive! Hahaha!”

Fu Mo Master, who was standing on the plain like a mountain, replied with indignation, “Flame Star Master, my Northern Territory Alliance has already arranged everything! Even if you can stop me, I can still stop you from controlling the space and time! The great beings of my Northern Territory Alliance will encircle that Golden Horned Beast under my command! There’s no way he can run away.”

“First team, move to coordinate…”

“Second team, move to coordinate…”

Fu Mo Master transmitted his voice to the great beings arranged by the Northern Territory Alliance, and he even gave the order to the six teams on the other side through his alliance. Although Fu Mo Master wasn’t able to suppress Golden Horned Beast through his control over space and time, he was still able to know his every move.

“Yes.”

Hong!

There were several universe overlords coming out of all six whirlpool portals. At that moment, dozens of universe overlords gathered on the original star and started to encircle the Golden Horned Beast.

“He’s a member of my Space Beast Alliance!” Flame Star Master said, infuriated.

Although he also couldn’t manipulate space and time while Fu Mo Master was disturbing him, he was still capable of knowing everything that was happening on the original star. Even Flame Star Master was amazed by the number of races and great beings of the Northern Territory Alliance. There was only one universe supreme master within the Northern Territory Alliance, but the number of universe masters and universe knights was much higher than in other alliances. That was why the Northern Territory Alliance was so reckless when it came to fighting for resources.

“Fu Mo Master, it was the great being of my Space Beast Alliance who acquired the valuable! How dare you!” Flame Star Master was exasperated. He clenched his teeth as he growled, “You have invoked my fury…!”

“Humph! Stop preaching to me!” Fu Mo Master snorted. “Power is the thing that matters most in the universe. Flame Star Master, I promise not to hurt the Golden Horned Beast as long as he gives us the godly blade.”

It may have only been a component, but Blade River Luo was a top-tier domain type true treasure. It had the attacking power of a pinnacle attack-type true treasure! The blade was definitely more precious than a senior true treasure, and the Thorn Ring Alliance would be willing to risk everything to get it back.

“Hahaha! You’re joking, right?” Flame Star Master roared. The fire around him raged. “You’re not the only one who can summon great beings! I’ll summon Golden Horn Master here. Let’s see what you can do against the great beings of my Space Beast Alliance.”

Fu Mo Master sneered, unintimidated. “Do you really think I’m afraid of him? Let him come! I bet it’ll take him a long time to arrive here, anyway! I hold influence over space and time here, and even universe masters will have to fly slowly as a result.”

However, Fu Mo Master was a bit daunted inside. As Golden Horn Master was a terrific being among the universe masters of the Space Beast Alliance, and he had four godly bodies.

“Do you think the great beings of my Northern Territory Alliance are inferior to yours?” Fu Mo Master demanded, refusing to back down.

The great beings from the Northern Territory Alliance were notorious for their temperaments; the alliance was made up of quite a few powerful races, but none of them were pinnacle races. They had needed to be humble before they were united. But after being united, with a universe supreme master to guard them, everything changed.

The Northern Territory Alliance group would have to admit defeat against a universe supreme master. However, they would sooner die than surrender now! Once a valuable was born, the great beings of the Northern Territory Alliance would flood this place… After all, the Northern Territory Alliance was known for being reckless and for its high number of great beings.

While Fu Mo Master and Flame Star Master confronted each other, standing tens of billions of miles apart, another omnipotent force flooded in through the whirlpool portal. It was a towering figure standing 6,000 miles tall. He carried an ancient, rugged stone staff and walked barefoot. He wore a Thousand Treasure coat.

“Hahaha! I didn’t expect to find two universe masters here,” his voice resounded.

Though the voice was not at high volume, it echoed in the hearts of all the great beings on the original star.

Hong! Long! Long!

Star Sky River enveloped the original star. Powerful objects floating on the blurry river. All the great beings, including the universe overlords ordered to action, froze.

Fu Mo Master was startled. “Primal Chaos City Leader!”

“Primal Chaos City Leader!” Flame Star Master was also shocked.

Both Fu Mo Master and Flame Star Master were renowned universe masters, yet they couldn’t compare with Primal Chaos City Leader. Primal Chaos City Leader had three bodies, and each of them was overwhelmingly more powerful than they were. The Thousand Treasures River was a top-tier domain type true treasure, and the power of the true treasure could easily kill them!

Of course, Primal Chaos City Leader wouldn’t dare kill them recklessly, unless he had made up his mind to engage in all-out war with the Northern Territory Alliance. Universe masters slaughtering the weak was a rare occurrence.

“Primal Chaos City Leader,” Flame Star Master said, growing anxious. “That’s a great being of my Space Beast Alliance. You’re a revered universe master, and it would be condescending of you to seize a valuable from a nobody.”

“Power is all that matters. What can you do if Primal Chaos City Leader actually captures it?”

“Please, Primal Chaos City Leader, for Space Beast Alliance’s sake,” Flame Star Master said.

If Primal Chaos City Leader hadn’t had the Thousand Treasures River, Primal Chaos City Leader couldn’t intimidate Flame Star Master. However, Primal Chaos City Leader could instantly kill Golden Horned Beast with Thousand Treasures River. That was one of the advantages of a domain type true treasure. It could sweep away the weak.

“Do you really think the Hong Alliance care about your Space Beast Alliance?” Fu Mo Master said. “Primal Chaos City Leader, I’ll back off now because of you and your Thousand Treasures River. As for the component of Blade River Luo, it belongs either to you or Flame Star Master.”

Though Fu Mo Master had stopped meddling, he still wanted to see what would happen next. The Hong Alliance was one of the greatest superpowers. The Space Beast Alliance was aloof and mysterious, but it had strong unity. It would be interesting to see the confrontation between those two.

Flame Star Master opened his mouth. “Primal Chaos City Leader…”

“Flame Star Master, I don’t think Primal Chaos City Leader would come here for nothing,” Fu Mo Master said.

“Hahaha…!” Primal Chaos City Leader’s laughter resounded, affecting Flame Star Master and Fu Mo Master. They were all amazed… It was clear why Primal Chaos City Leader was considered one of the most powerful universe masters.

“Flame Star Master,” said Primal Chaos City Leader, “since you asked, I’ll stop meddling with it for your sake.”

Fu Mo Master was taken aback.

Flame Star Master quickly responded, “Thank you, Primal Chaos City Leader.”

“Humph!” Fu Mo Master snorted and stepped into the whirlpool portal. “Retreat!”

Fu Mo Master gave the order to the universe overlords of the Northern Territory Alliance. He wouldn’t interfere anymore, even though he was a bit irritated. After all, as a universe master, he needed to keep his promise. He, like all universe masters, valued his reputation.

“Go.”

“Let’s go.”

Although those universe overlords like Qi Blood Palace Leader were reluctant, they had to follow his orders.

“Universe knights of the Hong Alliance, do not attack that Golden Horned Beast,” Primal Chaos City Leader commanded.

He was at the highest level in the Hong Alliance, which meant his voice was heard by the universe knights present. They all followed the order.

Hua!

Thousand Treasures River disappeared, and so did Primal Chaos City Leader.

As Primal Chaos City Leader was transmitting his voice to other great beings, Luo Feng heard a different message.

“My disciple, it’s in your best interest that the Space Beast Alliance is involved in this. The Northern Territory Alliance won’t interfere anymore now that Fu Mo Master has made a promise. Other universe knights won’t meddle since they know three universe masters are involved. The only thing you need to worry about is the Thorn Ring Alliance, but don’t be too anxious about that. Get out of here with your Remote Ocean body and some other great beings. Even if the great beings of the Thorn Ring Alliance want to come and arrange an attack, it will take them quite a while.”

Luo Feng relieved.

Golden Horned Beast waved his wing, preparing to fly away—

Hua!

“Little thing,” Flame Star Master’s voice rang out beside Golden Horned Beast. “I’ve never seen you in the Space Beast Alliance before. Have you been vagabonding? Every space beast vagabonds when they are young… until they are taken back to the alliance when they become undying to be discovered. Tell me, have you never been back?”

Chapter 1048

“Wu, perhaps you don’t know who I am,” the voice continued. “I am Flame Star Master from the Space Beast Alliance. I was previously on another original star, and I came here because I realized that the Northern Territory Alliance had dared to attack one of us based on the conversations I heard from other great beings from the Northern Territory Alliance.”

“Thank you, Flame Star Master,” the Golden Horned Beast replied respectfully, lowering his head.

“No need to thank me,” said the voice. “You poor thing. You haven’t returned? Ever?”

“No, I haven’t,” the Golden Horned Beast said. “I’ve been alone since the day I was born, and I’ve never been able to return to the Space Beast Alliance.”

Luo Feng was afraid of being recognized. However, he recalled what Primal Chaos City Leader had said before—that after becoming undying, souls would merge with every inch of godly power, and even Primal Chaos City Leader couldn’t recognize whether the Golden Horned Beast was Luo Feng himself or a real Golden Horned Beast. However, the virtual universe was all-powerful. One could identify someone’s race by connecting to it.

If the enemies of other races tried to connect to the sensor of the virtual universe, they would be denied. Unless they sent some human spies, or spies of the Hong Alliance whose minds were controlled…

The virtual universe was an incredible invention, and it had many unique functions. Even the most powerful organization, he Ancestral God School, who claimed to be the guardians of universe law, couldn’t invent something like the virtual universe. It was a universe of consciousness, and all universe origin laws could be simulated.

“Never?” Flame Star Master said. “We have space beasts everywhere in the universe, and all of them rise to power by themselves. They’ll only be guided back after becoming undying. There are many great beings of the Space Beast Alliance on the original stars. You can find one of them, act, and go back to the alliance together.”

“Of course, if you can’t wait to go back, you can come back directly. This is the universe coordinate… This is one of the gathering places of our Space Beast Alliance. There’ll be beings of our race to receive you, and you’ll have the opportunity to go to the Space Beast Alliance Sanctuary.”

“Sanctuary?” The Golden Horned Beast’s eyes glinted curiously.

“Yes, sanctuary! Every great being who is just received will have the opportunity to visit the sanctuary once, and your power will be further improved there! We’ll give you some resources based on your power and potential. You might get special treatment, given that you became so strong even without the help of our race!”

The Golden Horned Beast listened carefully.

“Remember the universe coordinates,” Flame Star Master continued. “You can choose whether to go back now or not. I can tell you that there are lots of great beings from the Space Beast Alliance now, and you can take this chance to meet some of them. Also, beware of the Thorn Ring Alliance. I believe that you’ve transferred your valuables somewhere else, but don’t waste this godly body.”

Golden Horned Beast nodded mildly.

“Three universe masters came here because of that godly blade. The Thorn Ring Alliance is way weaker than us, and all they can send are some universe overlords. But be careful anyway!”

Hong!

The giant beast stepped into the whirlpool portal and disappeared.

Many great beings from the Hong Alliance and the Northern Territory Alliance had retreated when Flame Star Master and the Golden Horned Beast were talking, and Luo Feng’s Remote Ocean body raced toward the whirlpool portal like a beam of light.

He kept flying. He even saw two universe knights from the Hong Alliance. Neither of them could identify the Remote Ocean body’s race, but they speculated that he was a universe overlord since he dared to act alone. However, because they believed Remote Ocean body to be a universe overlord, they avoided him.

“Such a smooth journey.”

“No battles at all.”

Remote Ocean body flew out of the vast whirlpool portal and arrived back to the outside.

“There were indeed no shackles at all. The great beings of the Northern Territory Alliance have retreated, and I didn’t see anyone from the Thorn Ring Alliance.”

Remote Ocean body smiled, teleported himself to a distant place, and went back using God Country Transportation.

Golden Horned Beast flew far away from the portal, and he had flown across the plain and entered the forest. It would take him a long time to arrive at the whirlpool portal, and the Thorn Ring Alliance would have enough time to make arrangements.

“My Golden Horned Beast didn’t have any valuable or slave. It’s such a waste of time to just fly back like that.”

Golden Horned Beast blinked his eyes in the silent forest. Suddenly, a loud explosion resounded through the trees.

Under the strong pressure and consolidated space of the original star, only hundreds of thousands of square miles around him were affected. Many ancient trees fell, but after a moment, all the fragments gathered, and everything was recovered. It was as if the explosion had never happened.

After a long time…

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Three beings of the crystal race arrived.

“There were such strong energies, and they should have come from the battle of great beings,” said one of them. “Where are the great beings?”

“Maybe they left instantly after that?”

The three great beings of the crystal race looked around, then left.

Nine universe overlords from the Thorn Ring Alliance gathered at the portal to the outside world.

“We must get the godly blade of Blade River Luo this time. Blade River Luo is a top-tier domain type true treasure, and it has exceptional attacking power. If some other power gets the godly blade, it’ll definitely use it as leverage to blackmail us. We must get back the godly blades as soon as possible. Every blade can strength Blade River Luo to a large extent.”

Those nine universe overlords just arrived here. They waited there for a long time.

“Why hasn’t the Golden Horned Beast showed up?”

“Weird.”

One day, two days, three days…

Eventually, a universe master from the Thorn Ring Alliance arrived and inspected the original star, and that was when they found that the Golden Horned Beast was no longer on the original star, which bewildered all the great beings from the Thorn Ring Alliance, as they had no idea where the Golden Horned Beast went.

They had to end the plan.

The Golden Horned Beast had a godly body of over 600 miles, which contained excessive energies to most great beings, and they wouldn’t waste it. But Luo Feng had his Remote Ocean body, which had an inconceivable amount of godly power. The power it absorbed in an instant could match the power of the entire Golden Horned Beast!

“The godly body goes back to the origin of the universe after self-destruction. My Remote Ocean body absorbs godly power form the origin sea of the universe, which takes much less time than flying to the portal.”

Luo Feng stood in front of the palace and looked at the endless Thousand Treasures River. He smiled. “If the Thorn Ring Alliance made arrangements, their efforts will be in vain.”

Remote Ocean body stood at a height of over 5,500 miles. The Golden Horned Beast, meanwhile, stood over 600 miles tall but had the same amount of energy as Remote Ocean body did.

Luo Feng could use Remote Ocean body as a flame god origin crystal and blow it up without feeling any remorse because he could recover it in no time… The godly power contained in a Remote Ocean body might not be one-trillionth that of the boundless Remote Ocean.

“It’s not because my Golden Horned Beast is small; it’s because my boundless Remote Ocean is too large!” Luo Feng exclaimed. “It’s wonderful to have the boundless Remote Ocean! No wonder the Nine Remoteness Ocean of Nine Remoteness Master can rival that of a supreme true treasure.”

A godly body that could rival a supreme true treasure! Nine Remoteness Master was invincible while within Nine Remoteness Ocean. Luo Feng had yet to attain such power, but his boundless Remote Ocean held the same potential.

“Self-destruction there, recovery here…” mused Luo Feng, in a good mood.

Primal Chaos City Leader transmitted his voice to Luo Feng. “Come here, Luo Feng.”

“Yes, teacher.” Luo Feng turned around, looked at the main palace, and teleported himself there.

Inside the palace.

“You have come back safely?” Primal Chaos City Leader said, grinning at Luo Feng.

“Yes,” Luo Feng said, smiling. “Fortunately, you showed up in time. If it weren’t for you, I would’ve been in even deeper trouble.”

“It was actually easier to deal with than I expected,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “That Fu Mo Master would have definitely confronted me if it weren’t for Flame Star Master… Even if I had used Thousand Treasures River to take you away, it would have taken a while to transfer you to the whirlpool portal at lightspeed. We managed to make it out of there without any real drama, but there may be repercussions later.”

Luo Feng said, “It was because both you and Flame Star Master were there that the universe masters from the Northern Territory Alliance realized they didn’t stand a chance.”

“Yes.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded and exclaimed, “Also, the godly blade of Blade River Luo is not that important! If it were a top-tier true treasure, Fu Mo Master wouldn’t have backed down like that! He might have summoned other universe masters, leading to certain bloodshed.”

Luo Feng nodded. He understood that a top-tier true treasure was enough to instigate fights among universe masters. As for top-tier domain true treasures, they didn’t show up at one time on the original star. The most precious part of Blade River Luo was that compass, and without the compass, the godly blade might not be as valuable as an ordinary true treasure blade. However, the godly blades were vital to Thorn Ring Alliance. They owned the compass, and the godly blades could upgrade the compass from its ordinary level to the top-tier level.

“What do you want to do with the godly blade?” Primal Chaos City Leader asked, looking at Luo Feng. “You can take it for your own, or you can give it to our race and get contribution points! With the contribution points, you can buy some resources you need… or a true treasure you desire!”


Chapter 1049: Nine Tiger River

“I’m willing to hand it to our race,” Luo Feng said respectfully.

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Okay. Then go to Primal Chaos City now, as it’s the place to donate valuables to our race. Your valuable will be assessed by the virtual universe system, and it’ll give you the contribution points that match its value.”

“Virtual universe system?” Luo Feng was dazed.

“The virtual universe system is what determines the valuable, and it’s the best,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Besides, using the virtual universe is the fairest method because it’s an artificial intelligence system without any personal bias or interests. All the great beings will be convinced.”

Luo Feng nodded. “I understand. I’ll go to Primal Chaos City right now.”

“Go.”

That same day, Luo Feng arrived at the headquarters of the virtual universe company and started his trip to Primal Chaos City by a spaceship.

Inside the spaceship.

“Ah! It’s so uncomfortable,” the passengers in the spaceship whispered. “The flow of time is in chaos. It’s sickening.”

Luo Feng was sitting in a single room, and he laughed after hearing those complaints. He also felt sick when he went to Primal Chaos City for the first time. After all, the original universe was different from the primal universe, and the flow of time was in disorder in the universe portal connecting the two. Many talents who went with him fainted on the ground.

“It’s been 100,000 years,” Luo Feng exclaimed.

He was still a child when he went to Primal Chaos City Leader the first time, and he couldn’t even pass the first level of the Heavenly Bridge, and the most valued talent was Bo Lan.

Now, after adventuring in the Blood River World and Demon Note Mountain, after being the special envoy of the Ganwu section of the virtual universe, after thousands of years of training in the out-domain battlefield and ice hell, after the meditation in the Ancestral God School, after venturing through Nine Remoteness Space, and after 50,000 years of vagabonding in the universe… he finally became undying!

After 100,000 years, he no longer considered Shi Huo Knight his competitor. Even if it was a universe overlord… He battled with Qi Blood Palace Leader, Bei Feng Knight, and Tian Yang Knight.

“It’s been 100,000 years, there should have been many battles between talents.”

There are two battles every 10,000 years, Luo Feng thought. I haven’t paid much attention.

“Mr. Luo Feng, we’ve arrived at Primal Chaos City,” the captain of the spaceship said with veneration.

“Okay,” said Luo Feng.

His mind came back to reality. He glanced at the respectful captain, nodded, and walked out. Luo Feng walked across the hallway with the undying emperor captain, with undying and sector-lord crewmembers standing by his side. He stepped out of the spaceship before the other passengers got out. They all whispered, “Who is he? Even the captain is so respectful of him.”

“Perhaps a universe knight.”

“Incredible.”

“See? Even the receptionist of the Primal Chaos City Leader saluted him.”

Among the passengers discussing these matters in low voices, some of them were slaves of Primal Chaos City Leader, and some of them were universe-level fighters, domain lords, and sector lords. Over half of them had come to Primal Chaos City in the first place, and to them, universe knights were already the supreme beings in the universe.

Luo Feng arrived at the City Leader Palace.

“Mr. Luo Feng!”

“Mr. Luo Feng.”

Many guards and servants recognized Luo Feng. They all knew that Luo Feng had killed Bark Mirror Emperor and that his palace was on the mountainside of Thunder Island, and he was qualified to attend the supreme council meeting. They all showed him great respect.

Luo Feng had studied the procedures of donating valuables before coming. The location was at a side palace, and he needed to file an application for donating valuables. The side palace was closed generally, and it would open automatically after the application and the applicant arriving there.

Luo Feng walked to the side palace.

Hong! Long!

The door slowly opened.

Luo Feng stepped inside.

Hong! Long!

The door closed.

“This is the place where I donate the valuable.”

Luo Feng looked around the side palace. There was only a stone plate with a diameter of around 300 feet at the center. Luo Feng needed to put the valuable on the stone plate so the virtual universe could carefully assess the valuable.

Luo Feng took out the godly blade.

“A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush,” muttered Luo Feng. “I only have one godly blade of Blade River Luo, which is almost useless to me. Aside from the blades, there’s a compass, and it’s almost impossible to attain. As for the idea of fighting against the Thorn Ring Alliance, I’m not powerful enough to do that yet.”

Luo Feng stepped forward and erased his life imprint on the godly blade. He put the blade on the stone plate.

Weng!

Cyan threads burst out of the stone plate and surrounded the godly blade. Suddenly, Luo Feng heard a voice.

“Godly blade of Blade River Luo,” spoke the voice, mild and gentle. “It is worth 12 true treasure points. Are you willing to give it to our race, Luo Feng?”

Luo Feng smiled. “Of course.”

Ka!

The stone plate cracked, splitting into two halves. The godly blade fell through the crack, and the stone plate quickly closed back up again.

“This is the catalog of valuables of the human race,” the voice continued.

Suddenly, a giant, gray catalog showed up in the sky. It featured four types of valuables: true treasures, treasures, materials, and special resources.

Luo Feng looked up at it, considering his options.

“Special resources,” Luo Feng said.

Hua!

The menu changed, and a plethora of names of resources appeared. Luo Feng was thrilled by this simple inventory, as it might list the core resources of the human race! Of course, Luo Feng was not even qualified to see many of them. For instance, true treasures were divided into “ordinary true treasures,” “senior true treasures,”

“top-tier true treasures,” “pinnacle true treasures,” and “supreme true treasures.” Luo Feng could only see ordinary true treasures and senior true treasures. The others, Luo Feng was not qualified to view. Regardless, Luo Feng doubted there were any supreme true treasures in the human race even available for exchange.

As for materials, there were lots of ingredients for making weapons and potions. There were all kinds of special resources, a category comprised of anything that didn’t qualify within the other categories —even “undying bug clan queen” and other special life forms for soul transfer. The prices varied based on each item’s rarity and level of importance.

Luo Feng spent three hours reading the entire catalog.

I have my boundless Remote Ocean to supply godly power, so I don’t need the materials or resources, thought Luo Feng. And I don’t make weapons and potions.

Luo Feng shook his head. “I’ll just get another true treasure.”

There were two levels of contribution points. The race could bestow “treasure points” or “true treasure points.”

The average ordinary treasure was worth half a treasure point or one and a half true treasure points. As for some special treasures— sets of treasures or even domain type treasures, flying palace type treasures, and soul type treasures could rival ordinary true treasures —they were much more valuable.

An ordinary true treasure was worth about one true treasure point. Generally, one true treasure point was worth 3,000 to 4,000 treasure points, and the exchange rate fluctuated within that range. As for now, one true treasure point was worth 3,200 treasure points.

“True treasures and senior true treasures…”

Luo Feng read the prices of the valuables. The prices of senior true treasure blades ranged from 8 true treasures points to 30 true treasure points. The prices of senior true treasure armor ranged from 12 true treasure points to 60 true treasure points. As for senior domain type true treasure, Luo Feng could only see the cheapest one, which was worth 180 true treasure points! Luo Feng didn’t even bother reading the others.

Among the senior true treasures, close combat weapons were the cheapest, and true treasures for survival were relatively more expensive. Flying palace type, soul type, and domain type treasures were the priciest ones.

“I’ll check the ordinary true treasures,” Luo Feng said, shaking his head. “I have Star Map, Shi Wu Wing, and Force Armor. I don’t need those senior close combat weapons, spiritual force weapons, and armor…”

He started to read about the ordinary true treasures. They were cheaper, as expected. On average, they were one-tenth of the price of senior true treasures, and the quantity was much higher. He suspected they had been donated by universe masters who didn’t need them anymore.

“So cheap…! They’re so cheap!” Luo Feng kept exclaiming.

However, he was dazed when he noticed the flying palace type, soul type, and domain type treasures up for exchange. The prices of ordinary flying-palace type true treasures ranged from 18 to 80 true treasures points; the prices of ordinary soul type true treasures ranged from 36 to 120 treasures points; the prices of ordinary domain type true treasures ranged from 16 to 80 true treasure points.

“These ones, on the other hand, are expensive,” Luo Feng muttered, realizing he couldn’t purchase any of them with his measly 12 true treasure points. “The cheapest ordinary domain type true treasure is worth 16 true treasure points, and there are 13 of them at this price.”

Luo Feng read them carefully and quickly had his eyes on a domain type true treasure named “Nine Tiger River.”


Chapter 1050: Take Off

Nine Tiger River. It was an ordinary domain type true treasure, metal category, and it required 16 true treasure points. The fact that it was in the metal category was what attracted Luo Feng. He said, “Details of Nine Tiger River.”

Hua!

A scene showed up in the sky, and a river with golden water flew in all directions. Inside the golden river lived nine strange beasts with scales, tiger heads, and the bodies and tails of dragons.

The nine strange beasts looked indistinct and were frolicking in the river.

“Nine Tiger River is a domain type true treasure, and it has mighty suppression and bounding power,” he said in a mild voice. “If enemies are relatively weak, it can annihilate them instantly. It’s a domain type true treasure of the metal category. Undying fighters who become undying under gold law are able to wield it. Together with the gold law domain and the true treasure domain, the power can be multiplied. If someone becomes a universe knight under space law, he is also able to merge space law domain with the true treasure domain because space law trumps gold, wood, water, fire, and ground law. Those who practice time space are unfit for Nine Tiger River.”

Luo Feng nodded contently after reading all the information. He was already relatively satisfied with Golden Thread Aurora Mirror, which could effectively suppress senior universe knights on the original stars and was also able to affect universe overlords. That was, after all, how Luo Feng had so easily survived his encounter with Qi Blood Palace Master and Bei Feng Knight.

However, he was not satisfied enough with it. The restraining power was not strong enough!

When it came to those who were talented at escape, such as Tian Yang Knight, Golden Thread Aurora Mirror would be rendered useless. Such fighters could simply use a true treasure to escape.

If only I had a more powerful domain type true treasure, Luo Feng thought. Even Tian Yang Knight has better law comprehension than me, and even if he has a true treasure wing, he won’t be able to get away. But I can escape danger with the domain type true treasure.

“Nine Tiger River!” Luo Feng whispered, concentrating on it.

Unfortunately, it required 16 true treasure points.

“Doesn’t matter,” Luo Feng said, clenching his teeth. “I need better valuables!”

He waved his hand, and a Rubik’s cube appeared on his palm. He put the cube on the stone plate. Cyan threads burst out of the plate and surrounded that cube, and the same voice said, “A seal type treasure, which is worth 22 true treasures. Luo Feng, are you willing to contribute this valuable to the race?”

“Only 22 true treasure points?” Luo shook his head. “No.”

The cube flew back to Luo Feng.

I’ll try others, he thought.

Luo Feng tried one treasure after another, testing to see how many contribution points he could get. He was surprised to discover that the purple clock was worth 89 treasure points, while a seal star was only worth 30. The green axe Silver Eye had given him in the Ice Hell was only worth three treasure points… Seal type treasures were all relatively more valuable, but the purple clock shocked Luo Feng.

“The Swallowing Claw is worth 1,200 treasure points?” Luo Feng shook his head. “But it’s not enough. Next, I’ll try these two.”

Luo Feng waved his hands, and Ancient Boat Galaxy appeared on his left hand while Golden Thread Aurora Mirror appeared on his right.

“Wine Master,” whispered Luo Feng. “My plan was to make the Ancient Boat Galaxy you left in the Land of Valuables famous throughout the universe, but I might not be lucky enough to have that chance. I’ll contribute this Ancient Boat Galaxy to my race, and if no great beings exchange for it in the future, I’ll get it back. If not… then perhaps it’s not destined to be mine.”

As a matter of fact, Luo Feng loved Ancient Boat Galaxy. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have given it the name “Galaxy” in the first place. However, on the path to becoming a great being, he couldn’t sacrifice his chance at an important true treasure just because of something he fancied.

“As for Golden Thread Aurora Mirror, it’ll be useless if I have Nine Tiger River.”

Luo Feng put the Golden Thread Aurora Mirror on the stone plate. It was a domain type treasure, which was worth 2.3 true treasure points. Ancient Boat Galaxy, a flying-palace type treasure, was worth 3.6 true treasure points.

“Ancient Boat Galaxy is more expensive than Golden Thread Aurora Mirror?” Luo Feng chuckled. “Is it because it was previously used by a supreme being?”

Without a doubt, it was. Although he had some treasures, and some were set treasures, they were all much cheaper. He might need to give away hundreds of them to gain just one ordinary true treasure.

“A flying-palace type top-tier treasure, worth 3.6 true treasures,” said the mild-toned voice. “Are you willing to contribute it to the race?”

Luo Feng nodded. “Yes, I am,” he said.

“Domain type top-tier treasure,” the voice continued, “worth 2.3 true treasure points. Are you willing to contribute it to the race?”

“Yes,” said Luo Feng.

“Nine Tiger River. Price: 16 true treasure points. Do you wish to exchange for it, Luo Feng?”

Luo Feng didn’t hesitate for even a second. “I do!”

Hong! Long!

The plate cracked slowly open until it showed a portal leading to an abyss. Then a valuable flew out. It was a fist-sized golden sculpture of a strange beast with a tiger head and the body and tail of a dragon. The sculpture flew toward Luo Feng, who took it in his hand.

“Nine Tiger River is mine now.”

Luo Feng penetrated it with a trace of his godly power and sealed his life imprint in it. The sculpture quickly merged into his palm, and a picture showed up on his palm.

“Ancient boat galaxy!” he said.

He looked up at the screen and selected “flying palace type treasures.” A flying-palace type treasure named Silver Dragon Phantom Boat had just appeared. It was available at the price of 4 true treasure points—obviously higher than what Luo Feng had been given for it. He now finally understood… what was really meant by “contribute.” Great beings supplied valuables at a lower price, and the race then sold them to other great beings at their true value. The race was thus able to acquire many valuables, which were used to cultivate the weaker members.

Luo Feng had contributed Ancient Boat Galaxy, Golden Thread Aurora Mirror, and Blade River Luo to the human race. In exchange, he had been given 17.9 true treasure points. After spending 16 true treasure points on Nine Tiger River, he now had 1.9 left.

He decided not to continue to exchange for other valuables. After all, other valuables were not worthwhile. It was more important for great beings to have quality true valuables than it was to have more valuables! A single Star Tower was much more precious than tens of thousands of true treasures.

After leaving Primal Chaos City, he went to his God Kingdom.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

In the sky above the boundless Remote Ocean, the Golden Horned Beast stood with his wings opened.

Howl!

The Golden Horned Beast howled and burned his godly power, powering the strange, golden beast picture on his chest.

Hong!

A churning river appeared with a diameter of 20 million miles with the Golden Horned Beast at the center. Nine eerie beasts could be seen swimming in the golden river.

“Law domain,” sand the Golden Horned Beast, standing at the center of the river. “Nine Tiger River domain… Merge!”

Hong!

The power was multiplied, and the almighty golden river churned up into the sky.

“This domain is much stronger than that of Golden Thread Aurora Mirror,” Luo Feng said. He nodded. “If I drove the Golden Thread Aurora Domain with my burning godly power before, I could annihilate an elementary universe knight. However, I can use the same amount of time to annihilate a secondary one with this Nine Tiger River.”

“Power! Gather!”

All the energies in the golden river rushed toward those strange beasts, strengthening them.

“It could severely injure a secondary universe knight, and it would be able to kill one after several attacks.” Luo Feng sensed the power and nodded. “Even senior universe knights would be trapped by this, and it could even slow down universe overlords.”

All this greatly satisfied Luo Feng. He nodded.

“If I meet Tian Yang Knight again, he’ll be slowed down if he falls in the domain of my Nine Tiger River, and I can catch up with him.”

Luo Feng put the Nine Tiger River domain and the Golden Horned Beast body back in his world ring and stood above the boundless Remote Ocean. He hadn’t stayed long on the original star, but the experience had certainly broadened Luo Feng’s horizons. There were billions of great beings of all the races gathering, including many universe overlords!

“I’m not strong enough. True treasure wing!”

Luo Feng recalled the black wing Tian Yang Knight owned. He couldn’t care less about Blade River Luo’s component, as he knew that it was impossible for him to get Blade River Luo by himself… What Luo Feng really wanted was that wing Tian Yang Knight owned.

My Shi Wu Wings and that black wing attracted each other, thought Luo Feng. If they are combined, the power will definitely surge. I bet Tian Yang Knight also wants to get my wing. Hmm… Time to go to the Yin Fa Secret Region. Time to get the fourth black metal.

Master Zuo Shan Ke had given him three tasks. He could get the third black metal if he became a sector lord, and he could get the fourth black metal if he became undying. When he became a universe knight, he could go and obtain the last black metal. Then he had been trapped in Ice Hell for more than 2,000 years.

The fourth black metal is hidden in the Yin Fa Secret Region, an area that is known for being dangerous, Luo Feng thought. It might take a long time, and I don’t know what tasks my teacher has prepared for me. But I have to go and give it a try… It might take forever, but my power will escalate if I get the fourth metal! Perhaps my Golden Horned Beast body can reach a perfect life gene level…

Last time, when his Remote Ocean body had reached the perfect life gene level, he had received the inherited technique “I Am the Universe,” and his godly body had become more than 55,000 miles long. However, Luo Feng had chosen to turn the godly body into a boundless Remote Ocean, which was why he couldn’t perform the inherited technique I Am the Universe.

For what it’s worth, the fourth black metal might help my Golden Horned Beast reach the perfect life gene level, Luo Feng thought. Once I succeed, I’ll go deal with Tian Yang Knight.

Luo Feng left the human territory after going back to the primal region, and he departed for the extremely dangerous Yin Fa Secret Region!

Chapter 1051

It took Luo Feng more than a month to arrive at the Yin Fa Secret Region. It was in a remote place of the universe and was one of the most dangerous secret regions in the universe. It was as dangerous as the Ancestral God Secret Region, but Yin Fa Secret Region was only as large as the Black Dragon Mountain Starfield, which was much smaller than the Ancestral God Secret Region.

Inside an unremarkable spaceship stood Luo Feng, gazing at the space in the distance. “The destination is right in front of me. ‘Craftsman Star.’ Master Zuo Shan Ke told me a long time ago that finding the black metal is a task for me.” He frowned. “Other great beings might not know my skills, but Master Zuo Shan Ke is an exception… He knows all my power. Perhaps, it will be dangerous this time.”

Xiu!

A Golden Horned Beast that was about three feet tall appeared with his wings open.

“I’ll leave all my valuables with my Golden Horned Beast body,” Luo Feng said. He turned around and saw Golden Horned Beast floating there. “Remote Ocean body, Mosha body, and I will go to Craftsman Star. Even if I fail, I’ll just lose some energy.”

“Go!”

Sou!

Luo Feng teleported himself out of the spaceship, and Mosha body showed up… Mosha body teleported all three of them more than 3,000 light years farther and arrived at the destination while the Golden Horned Beast body stayed in the spaceship with all the true treasures.

Many enormous space whirlpools swirled everywhere.

A 30-foot-tall towering being stood in the space. It was the Remote Ocean body of Luo Feng. After all, his original earthling body had gathered too much fame, and Mosha body was too weak. It would be better for Remote Ocean body to act alone.

“The legendary Craftsman Star,” Luo Feng said as he gazed at the space in the distance. Here, there was a vast ocean with tens of thousands of space whirlpools. There was a gigantic star in the depths. It was the Craftsman Star—Luo Feng’s destination.

Craftsman Star was an outrageously large star that could have only existed in one of the universe’s secret regions. It had a diameter of 1.9 trillion miles. Although it was unusual for such a gigantic star to exist, there were many others of such size; they were simply unknown.

The reason the Craftsman Star was well-known was the great being living on the star: a universe master named “Craftsman”! He was a powerful universe master who was a “mountain” special life form. He had been born to craft weapons and had loved making them even back when he was weak.

Throughout the years, he had kept making breakthroughs, devoting an eternity to making weapons until he was considered the best weapon-maker in the universe. Zuo Shan Ke’s ability to make true treasures was obscure. And this identity made him stand out among all the great beings in the universe.

Craftsman was able to make top-tier true treasures! There were two other great beings who could make top-tier true treasures, and the reason for Craftsman’s superiority over those two was the “Craftsman Star.” The Craftsman Star itself was a top-tier, flying-palace type true treasure!

Craftsman didn’t belong to any power. The Ancestral God School had tried to appeal to him, as well as many other superpowers in the universe, but to date, he hadn’t joined any power yet. For one thing, he was mighty, possessing many true treasures. Hence, it was nearly impossible to kill him. For another, he was proficient in crafting true treasures. This placed him at a level close to many supreme beings. As a result, nobody dared to attack him.

A maniac… thought Luo Feng. Only a maniac can go this far on this path. He gazed at Craftsman Star in the distance. He consumed so much material just to turn a star into a flying-palace type top-tier true treasure.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew toward that star, sometimes teleporting himself. The countless space whirlpools around Craftsman Star were natural wormholes. There were 98,200 in total, and only a portion of them led to safe areas. Others led to extremely dangerous places.

“A tablet?” said Luo Feng.

As he got closer, he saw floating tablets in front of two-thirds of the whirlpools. One tablet after another. Most of them were labeled “Dangerous.” Some read “Forbidden,” and there were two with “Off-Limits” written in bloody script.

Those whirlpools without tablets might lead to safe districts, thought Luo Feng. As for Dangerous, Forbidden and Off-Limits…

Luo Feng looked at one of the two tablets with “Off-Limits” written on it. The power emanating from the words intimidated Luo Feng. Only universe masters could write such things!

Rumor has it that there are 98,200 natural wormholes around Craftsman Star, and two of them lead to places that are supposed to be off-limits! thought Luo Feng. Almost everyone who has gone in there has died! However, according to the information in the Hong Alliance, there are great beings who have survived the whirlpools. But they refuse to talk about the Off-Limits places.

In time, Luo Feng passed by all the wormholes and arrived in the sky above Craftsman Star.

“The great universe master ‘Craftsman’ is generous and friendly, and he isn’t as aloof as most universe masters. He favors special life forms, so many special life forms in Yin Fa Secret Region moved to Craftsman Star and live a peaceful life on the star.”

Luo Feng dove.

“Craftsman Star. A peaceful place with no killings. Many great beings come here for true treasures, and many come here to learn how to make true treasures.”

Luo Feng flew through the clouds and landed. He took a step, moving six million miles forward. He had gathered information about the star before he came. The residents on Craftsman Star were special life forms. Some of them were undying, and some of them were universe knights. Though there were numerous powerful beings, the star remained peaceful.

“I can sense it… The black metal is calling me.”

Luo Feng moved forward, and the original earthling body in his world ring could sense the black metal, just as when he had obtained the second black metal. Not even the world ring was able to cut off the attraction.

“That direction!”

Luo Feng raced toward it.

As he traveled, Luo Feng witnessed many special life forms having fun, some of whom were a rare sight in other areas of the universe. Sector lords, undying fighters… Luo Feng even saw a universe knight-level special life form.

A streak of green light flew at Luo Feng. It was an energy body with a pretty face.

“Where did you come from, outsider?” the being demanded. “Are you here to learn how to make true treasures from Craftsman Master?”

Luo Feng smiled. “I do, but I heard that the standards are pretty high.”

The green light flew beside Luo Feng. “They are. There are always great beings coming here who want to be a student of Craftsman Master. Many have failed. Craftsman Master has 182 disciples in total.”

Luo Feng smiled, nodded, and moved forward using teleportation. The green light easily followed Luo Feng.

“Have you ever been to Craftsman Star?” the green light asked. “Do you know where the Craftsman Mountain is?”

“Haha…!” Luo Feng smiled without giving anything away. After all, he was being drawn by the fourth black metal, and he was certain that the black metal was in that direction.

Luo Feng walked for half an hour before arriving at Craftsman Mountain, during which he continued talking with the green light.

Luo Feng learned a great deal during the half-hour conversation, including that the green light was called Bo Ni Sha and had moved to Craftsman Star with her race a long time ago. According to Bo Ni Sha, she knew almost everything about the star, and she saw great beings coming here for true treasures all the time.

“That’s Craftsman Mountain,” Bo Ni Sha said, pointing in the distance at a towering mountain piercing the clouds. “Craftsman Master lives on the mountain, and his disciples come down to gather material often. See? There are many buildings on the mountain. Most were built by great beings of other races. After all, Craftsman Master rarely shows himself, as they’re not qualified to be greeted by him… They can only wait for the moment when Craftsman Master comes out and tests his disciples. That’s when they go and ask for true treasures.” With every word, Bo Ni Sha grew more excited.

Luo Feng nodded. He concentrated on the Craftsman Mountain, and he could feel a strong attraction even with the world ring in the middle. The original earthling body could feel every cell of his body exhilarated by the fourth black metal in that Craftsman Mountain.

“He put the fourth black metal in Craftsman Mountain? That’s where Craftsman Master lives.” Luo Feng frowned. “I can’t get a black metal from a universe master no matter how strong I am.”

Luo Feng considered.

Bo Ni Sha flew around Luo Feng and said, “Aren’t you here to learn how to make true treasures from Craftsman Master? Look, there are some universe knights groveling over there. Just go join them. If you’re sincere enough and have the potential to create true treasures, Craftsman Master will admit you as his disciple.”


Chapter 1052: Chrysalis Knight

The towering Craftsman Mountain shot up through the misty clouds. At the foot of the mountain, several hundred great beings of different races knelt. At first glance, Luo Feng could recognize a third of them as universe knights. The rest were undying great beings.

“Close to 200 universe knights kneeling,” Luo Feng said to himself. “The ability to create true treasures must be extremely desirable.”

“Hey! Why aren’t you going?” Bo Ni Sha, who was beside Luo Feng, asked out of curiosity.

“I do desire to learn.” Luo Feng smiled and lowered his eyes to look at Bo Ni Sha. “I certainly do want to learn the legendary skill of the Craftsman Master. However, I am not confident. Therefore, I’m here more for satisfying my curiosity… to take a look.”

“They are all here to try their luck,” said Bo Ni Sha. “Out of these 500 or more candidates, it will be a generous intake if two or three are accepted as disciples.” She pointed to the crowd of great beings of different races on their knees. These great beings, either in the life-form of energy, flesh and blood, or rock, were all down on their knees. All waiting wordlessly…

“How long have they been kneeling?” Luo Feng asked.

“Waiting, waiting till the Craftsman Master appears,” Bo Ni Sha said lightly. “Kneeling for thousands of years or even tens of thousands of years is commonplace. But the longest wait has yet to exceed 100 centuries. If one does not even have the perseverance to kneel for a long period of time, one is not worthy to learn the skill of making true treasures.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“I can’t accompany you any further,” said Bo Ni Sha. “I’m heading off to visit my friend.” She danced around Luo Feng before flying off into a deep blue building.

Luo Feng looked up at the towering Craftsman Mountain as he made his way toward it.

“So many different races,” he said.

He looked at the many buildings of different styles located quite a distance away. These numerous ancient buildings were abodes that great beings had constructed while here to seek an audience with Craftsman Master. The majority were vacated, but a sizable number of them were still occupied by great beings.

“They might be great beings from other races who are here to seek treasures,” Luo Feng said to himself. “The fourth black metal board can be found on Craftsman Mountain; Craftsman Master is on that mountain. Given his power, how am I going to obtain the fourth black metal board? Even if I did manage to steal it, Craftsman Master controls the space and time here. He could catch me easily.” He gazed up at the mountain. “How am I going to obtain it?”

While thinking, Luo Feng walked on, not realizing that he had already reached the foot of the mountain.

“Stop! My friend, stop!” A deep and melodious voice called out.

Luo Feng turned to look. Amid the crowd of over 500 universe knights and undying great beings, a handful looked over. Among them, there was a being with four hooves and a human body over 1,000 feet tall. He was watching Luo Feng with three golden eyes, and in a melodious voice, he said, “My friend, Craftsman Mountain is where Craftsman Master and his disciples reside. Any other great beings without prior permission from Craftsman Master will not be able to enter the region. Entering without consent would be showing disrespect to Master.”

“Oh,” said Luo Feng with a smile. “Thank you. I was too engrossed in my thoughts.”

“Are you also here for the purpose of asking Craftsman Master to take you in as his disciple?” The being shifted its gaze downwards to look at Luo Feng. Although he was kneeling, he was still taller than Luo Feng.

“Just curious,” Luo Feng said. “If there is hope for me to become a disciple, I will work hard.” At the same time, Luo Feng found himself wondering, What kind of life form does the knight belong to? Based on what he could recall, there was not a single race with a description that matched.

“That’s right!” Golden Eye Knight said with a laugh. “As long as there is hope, we should never give up. I am already able to make ordinary treasures, and before coming here, I was filled with confidence. However, upon arriving… I realized that when compared with the extraordinary geniuses from the many races of the universe —where everyone is so adept at making weapons—I am inadequate. You see that being of the demon race over there? He may only be undying, but at his level, he is already capable of making ordinary treasures. His chances of being chosen to be Craftsman Master’s disciple is far higher than mine.”

Luo Feng was dumbfounded as he looked over. Also kneeling was a beast that resembled a golden-haired ape. It had a weaker aura, an aura that was only at the undying level.

“Undying, yet able to make ordinary treasures?” Luo Feng blinked in disbelief. “Geniuses. They really are an omnipresent existence.” Luo Feng sighed to himself.

Golden Eye Knight sighed too, then said, “In the Ancestral God Secret Region, I am an honorable Weapon Master, but when I arrived here, I realized how lacking my skills were. Our unique life forms may seem very capable… but when it comes to making weapons, we are not in an advantageous position. You see, these undying beings, at their level, are already being brought by the great beings of their races to this Yin Fa Secret Region, the Craftsman Star. If they hadn’t possessed a certain level of skills, would they dare come here? These few hundreds of undying beings… I suppose the majority are already able to make pseudo treasures.”

Pseudo treasures? Luo Feng was baffled. What level would a “pseudo treasure” be at? It seemed there were some terms known only among weapon masters—or at least unknown to someone like Luo Feng.

“That’s all right, I’m not here to try my luck at being a disciple,” Luo Feng continued. Then he muttered under his breath, “If I were to do so, I would only embarrass myself.”

“You should give it a shot,” Golden Eye Knight laughed. “Craftsman Master has very stringent requirements when it comes to selecting disciples. Although talent matters, there are many other factors also taken into consideration. So long as you possess some skill in making weapons and you can make a pseudo treasure… who knows? You might be lucky enough to become a disciple of Craftsman Master. Take me, for instance. I have been persistent all this while.”

“I am just curious,” Luo Feng repeated. “Just curious, that’s all.”

Luo Feng immediately left the area packed with over 500 geniuses skilled in making weapons—all sincerely hoping to become disciples of Craftsman Master. Reaching the foot of the mountain, he built himself a courtyard house.

Making weapons? he thought. As if. I cannot even handle a weapon that is of a slightly higher caliber, much less a pseudo treasure. During the remodeling of the Yun Mo planet ship, when I needed to imprint engravings, I had to engage the help of internal personnel from the virtual universe company…

Luo Feng shook his head in resignation. He was a complete ignoramus when it came to weapons. He had zero knowledge. Compared to the numerous top-notch weapons geniuses gathered here from all over the vast universe, he could not help feeling ashamed.

Standing before the entrance of his courtyard, Luo Feng looked at over 500 kneeling figures of various races, then turned up to look at the towering Craftsman Mountain.

“My initial plan was to ask Craftsman Master to take me in as his disciple,” he muttered. “After entering Craftsman Mountain, I could take my time to craft a plan to obtain the black metal board. But now it seems that, other than Craftsman Master and his disciples, no one is able to enter the mountain. And becoming his disciple is out of the question… What should I do? How am I going to obtain the black metal board?”

Luo Feng was frustrated. But even without a feasible plan, he was not anxious. He waited patiently at the foot of the Craftsman Mountain, observing the activities that took place around the area fastidiously, seeking the perfect opportunity.

In the blink of an eye, half a year had passed. During that time, Luo Feng made acquaintances with the great beings of other races who stayed in the buildings around him. The great beings of other races were all universe knights, and there were quite a few universe overlords, too! Those who had stayed to wait all sought true treasures from the great Craftsman Master.

A four-armed giant known as Chrysalis Knight, presently sitting cross-legged beside Luo Feng, sighed and lamented, “I am the leader of a race, so finding a variety of valuables for the race is my responsibility. Although I joined the Nine Territory Alliance, those of highest standing were universe masters. I am only a universe overlord, so the resources I have were far inferior. For great beings of races with universe masters, three top-tier series of treasures can be exchanged for an ordinary true treasure. For me? I will need four top-tier series of treasures!” Chrysalis Knight shook his head. “And this is only one of the many examples of unfair treatment… I am ever at a loss.”

Luo Feng nodded in sympathy as he listened.

“Things are different for the pinnacle races,” the four-armed giant said, shaking his head again. “The six pinnacle races—with their overwhelming power, countless valuables, and great beings—enjoy a blessed life. When they exchange valuables internally, no one experiences unfair treatment. But for races like mine, where I am the sole universe overlord… Humph! Remote Ocean Luo Feng, should there come a day that I am killed, please help me. Please help my ‘Silk and Rock race’ to live on and pass on its legacy.”

Luo Feng replied, “Chrysalis Knight, don’t talk like that. Should death befall you, the Nine Territory Alliance will resurrect you. But if you really need my help, I will reach out to you.”

Chrysalis Knight was one of the great beings here whom Luo Feng had come to befriend, and he was one of the few Luo Feng got along with fairly well. He was the honorable leader of the Silk and Rock race, and if he did fall, the entire Silk and Rock race faced the risk of dying out.

Chrysalis Knight needed to take care of his race. As such, he was unwilling to exchange his treasures with the Nine Territory Alliance for true treasures. He would only stand to lose.

“I can only approach Craftsman Master with my plea for help!” said Chrysalis Knight. “Craftsman Master, with various materials obtained from treasures, could make a true treasure. This would be much better than exchanging treasures within the race.” Chrysalis Knight sighed. “This way, I would still be able to retain a fair bit of resources for my race. With the race developing, I can also grow stronger. Only then will our future generations continue to grow… Aye…”

Luo Feng was full of admiration. His capability was considered strong, yet he did not have any such responsibilities. Humans, as a whole, were very much stronger and more dominating. Although there was little difference between him and Chrysalis Knight… Chrysalis Knight had to shoulder the rise and fall of his entire race.

Xi Luo Duo, who had the capability of a universe overlord, held a fate somewhat similar to that of Chrysalis Knight, thought Luo Feng. While Xi Luo Duo was with them, the Golden Horned race was able to stand as an independent race in the universe. Yet the moment Xi Luo Duo was killed, the Golden Horned race could only rely on stronger great beings for survival and became a vassal race.”

As Luo Feng and Chrysalis Knight were chatting, a voice suddenly exclaimed, “Look! Those are Craftsman Master’s disciples.”

“It’s Craftsman Master’s disciples!” someone else shouted.

Luo Feng and Chrysalis Knight stood up at the same time. From the palaces and buildings around them, knights of various races stepped out. They were all there seeking true treasures. The number of figures emerging, at one glance, numbered several thousand.

These great beings all yearned for the same thing: to engage Craftsman Master’s help in making true treasures. Such true treasures would be comparable to those obtained through trading within alliances but at a much lower price.

Thousands of knights—some burly and others petite, some hairy and others metal-plated—all flocked toward the figures approaching the ground.

The handful of figures landed.

“Dear brothers,” said a great being from the 500-plus great beings kneeling on the ground, speaking in a respectful demeanor. “May I ask, when will Craftsman Master meet us?”

“What’s the rush?” one of Craftsman Master’s disciples answered. “Master has gone visiting. He may not return for thousands or tens of thousands of years. Enjoy the wait.”

Following his response, the disciples rapidly transformed into rays of light and made a speedy departure.

“Visiting?” Luo Feng said, squinting into the distance. “Hmm…”


Chapter 1053: In the Flames

The great beings conversed excitedly among themselves.

“Meeting a friend? Craftsman Master is meeting a friend, so we’re just going to wait here and do nothing? From my perspective, we should go to the original stars first, and perhaps we can get something precious.”

“The original stars will stay open for a thousand eras. It’s only just begun. We have plenty of time.”

“That’s right. We don’t need to rush now. Let’s ask Craftsman Master to help us make a true treasure, and then we’ll go to the original stars. We can get more valuables with the true treasures.”

“Let’s go.”

“No, let’s wait!”

The great beings of other races from various territories in the universe were quite disappointed and started to go back to their residence. All 500 of the great beings kneeling at the foot of the mountain were upset as well, but they continued groveling and didn’t dare stand up. They believed that there were great beings watching their every move, reporting back to Craftsman Master. Sincerity was of the utmost importance if someone wanted to be a disciple. One might be eliminated if he wasn’t sincere enough while groveling.

“Let’s go, Luo Feng,” said Chrysalis Knight. “We might need to wait for thousands of years for Craftsman Master.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded, smiled, and walked back with Chrysalis Knight.

He stood in front of the door and looked up at Craftsman Mountain.

Meeting a friend? thought Luo Feng. Does that mean Craftsman Master is not here? His eyes gleamed. A great opportunity!

He had been waiting for half a year, but it was still impossible for him to get the black metal with Craftsman Master guarding the Craftsman Mountain.

Craftsman Mountain is the sanctuary of the entire planet, and Craftsman Master lives here, Luo Feng thought. Only Craftsman Master and his disciples can live on the mountain, while other great beings were not allowed without permission, which means there are only a few great beings on Craftsman Mountain. As for his disciples, no one is a universe master, based on the information I gathered.

Craftsman Master had 182 disciples in total. Some disciples were universe knights, and some were undying. Although Craftsman Master only picked those who were highly talented, none of his disciples had reached the level of universe master. One of the reasons was that it was exceedingly difficult to become a universe master. Another reason was that his disciples devoted most of their time and energy to making weapons, and hence, they didn’t get enough training.

Nobody can stop me if there are no universe masters, thought Luo Feng. But I still need to be careful. It won’t be easy to get something from Craftsman Master.

Luo Feng was afraid that Craftsman Master might come back if he didn’t act in time, so when it turned dark, he sent Mosha body carrying his original earthling body. Mosha body was the best at fleeing and hiding.

The original earthling body had the same level of combat power as Remote Ocean body, which was why the Remote Ocean body was waiting at the mountainside and observing how everything went while the original earthling body and Mosha body started to climb the hill.

Mosha body shrank to the size of an ant and stood beside a stone on the hillside of Craftsman Mountain. He looked up at the towering Craftsman Mountain.

“Craftsman Master…” Mosha body said, stepping forward.

Sou!

He teleported himself to the depths of Craftsman Mountain. He was able to teleport himself and match the space ripples without being noticed by universe knights. He arrived at the closest spot to the valuable after just two teleportations.

Hong! Long! Long!

On the hillside of Craftsman Mountain were numerous gigantic caves billowing steam exceeding temperatures of one million degrees. The steam flowed around Craftsman Mountain, and the energy contained in the steam was equivalent to that of a star. Every cave glowed red in color.

Mosha body, under a rock, didn’t care much about the steam. The energy of stars was nothing to him now.

Space seal? Mosha body thought. Around one-tenth of Craftsman Mountain is enveloped by the steam, and it is under space seal! It means this is the center of Craftsman Mountain.

As Mosha body watched, two towering beings suddenly walked out of one of the caves. One of them was around 70 feet tall with four claws. Various patterns coated his naked body. The other was around 300 feet tall and had thick arms. The two of them walked out together, and Luo Feng could tell from their power that they were both undying.

“It’s too hot inside!” the four-clawed creature exclaimed. “We couldn’t even stand it for a second. How are we supposed to make top-tier treasures if we don’t have enough time?”

“We’re just not strong enough,” replied the other. “Look at our universe knight-level brothers. They’re able to make weapons at the center, and they can keep trying… Especially our ninth brother…”

“I really admire ninth brother.”

“Not only is ninth brother a universe overlord, but he also has true treasure armor, and he’s an energy life form of the fire category… He’s able to go deep into the center to make weapons, and he has been bestowed some precious material used by our teacher. See? He’s already made a senior true treasure, and he’s second only to our teacher on the Craftsman Star.” The towering creature shook his head and exclaimed, “It’ll be much better if we can become universe knights!”

“It’s not that easy.”

The two undying fighters were not alerted to Mosha body’s presence. After all, there was no reason to expect that anyone would trespass on Craftsman Mountain.

Mosha body heard their conversation easily.

The center? he thought. It seems most of their brothers are staying at the mountain center. He looked at the cave. And the center of the mountain is the center of the space seal. I can feel that the fourth black metal is at the center of the mountain. I need to be careful. I must not be discovered by the disciples of Craftsman Master.

Mosha body was careful. Although he was proficient at stealth, many of Craftsman Master’s disciples were universe knights or even universe overlords.

Sou!

Inside the space-sealed area, teleportation was not allowed. Mosha body instead performed his inherited technique “Domain” and went into a cave. The two undying fighters outside the cave never noticed a thing.

It was blistering hot inside, and Mosha body moved forward carefully. The cave was surprisingly deep, and the deeper he went, the hotter it got. Some rocks inside the cave glowed red with the heat. It was so scorching in here that Luo Feng thought sector lords might be killed instantly by the temperature alone.

Hong! Pa!

Hong! Pa!

Hong! Pa!

Upon hearing a series of rhythmic sounds, Luo Feng turned into a stone and rolled inside. Some of the patterns on the stone allowed for sight, and Luo Feng observed the distant places using them.

The fire was surging. At the top of the fire, life forms of other races of all sizes used hammers to pound the metal, producing the sounds he had heard: Hong! Pa!

They’re all undying, Mosha body thought. My black metal is down there.

Sou!

He performed Domain again and traveled almost 6,000 miles down. He moved still deeper with Domain and was able to avoid attracting the attention of the great beings of other races who were making the weapons.

Luo Feng noticed something special about how the disciples of Craftsman Master made weapons. Those who were at the top of the flames used a strange type of hammer, while those in the middle of the flames were universe knights who used hammers of different sizes and needed to wield them using their godly power.

As for the bottom of the fire, there were only three universe knights. One of them was the ninth brother those two undying fighters had talked about. Apparently, the fire intimidated all ordinary universe knights.

“It’s right down there,” whispered Luo Feng. “My black metal is right down there.” He hid beside a rock, camouflaged as a small stone. “I can sense clearly that the black metal is above the three universe knights at the bottom. They might notice me if I go there… What should I do?”

Luo Feng grew anxious. He could sense that the black metal was around 180 miles away from him, and the three universe knights at the bottom were also around 180 miles away from him. That meant the black metal was close to the three universe knights.

Just wait, Luo Feng told himself. I bet they won’t keep making weapons here for long.

Luo Feng watched the three beings in silence. Although Luo Feng didn’t know anything about weapon-making, he was still amazed at how the three universe overlords made the weapons… It was an art.

The three universe overlords only used strange hammers at different sizes, but the hammer wielded by that ninth brother was unique. It looked fierce enough to shatter the universe, yet as mild as a breeze. All the materials it touched mixed with each other perfectly, and the scene was breathtaking.

After more than a month, the ninth brother ceased his work and announced, “Haha! The top-tier set treasure is finally finished. If the material were good enough, I could’ve made a true treasure.”

“Congratulations, ninth brother.”

“Congratulations.”

“Haha!” he laughed in triumph. “Now, I’ll go and have a rest.”

“Sounds good. Let’s go together.”

“Let’s go.”

With that, the three universe overlords finally went to rest. They flew out of the flame like beams of light.

After they disappeared, Luo Feng turned back into a human form, robed in black.

“Finally,” he said, looking down at where the black metal was.

Chapter 1054

In the twinkling of an eye, the black-robed figure of Luo Feng transformed into a rush of black current and condensed into a stone. Thereafter, he fell directly toward the bottom.

As the stone fell, it bumped its way down into the deepest depths of the mountain.

Pa!

The stone rammed into the red-hot stone wall and finally came to a halt. Then the stone transformed back into the black-robed form of Luo Feng.

“I’ve arrived,” he said, taking in the view before him. He could not help exclaiming, “So beautiful!”

This was the bedrock of the mountain. He could see a strange, black matter about six miles ahead. It hung suspended in the air, standing than ten feet tall and in the shape of a “gourd-class” object. As this black gourd hovered in midair, its mouth facing upwards, it spurted endless flames that spread outward, nearly filling up the entire mountain. Disciples of Craftsman Master who were undying beings and universe knights created weapons forged by the heat of these endless flames.

As the black gourd hovered in the air, there were invisible connections all over the place—like lengths of chain that could not be seen by the naked eye—connecting the mountain with virtual space. Although these chains were invisible, there were traces of flames strung onto them. They came from the surrounding space and moved inward, directly into the gourd’s mouth.

“There are a total of 36 virtual chains,” said Luo Feng. He frowned inwardly. “This black gourd seems to merge with the limitless space here. And through this limitless space, it absorbs and stores energy from the flame continually. Is that how it maintains its ability to produce eternal flames?”

Luo Feng was Master of Star Tower. Star Tower absorbed energy from the vast universe to continue revolving, and so, looking at this black gourd… based on what he knew, Luo Feng was able to make a similar judgment quickly.

“Unquestionably, the flames near to the gourd’s mouth will require the power of a universe overlord to ward off,” he said. “These endless flames spread out almost 100 miles away… Every individual flame is strong enough to annihilate an eternal star. With such energy is being released continuously, there must be a source where it comes from.”

Luo Feng could sense that the energy of these endless flames was being continuously transmitted into the black gourd through the 36 virtual chains.

Space transmission? wondered Luo Feng. What method is Craftsman Master using to maintain such an energy-consuming process? As a master craftsman of true treasures, he wouldn’t be so foolish as to use up his own energy so relentlessly. There must be a source! Like Star Tower. To maintain such strong energy…

Luo Feng’s eyes lit up as the realization dawned upon him. “Of course! The Craftsman Star! Only the Craftsman Star can do that! Craftsman Star is the greatest true treasure that Craftsman Master ever created. With its massive size, it can absorb the limitless energy in the atmosphere of the entire virtual space. Could it be that the star absorbs and internalizes the surrounding energy, then transmits the energy to the gourd? This gourd… It could be a part of the Craftsman Star.”

After a few seconds of observation, Luo Feng had deduced the truth. Craftsman Master had made the Craftsman Star for two reasons. One was to build a protective home for himself. The other was to construct a primary tool for creating true treasures. The entire Craftsman Star would be used to absorb limitless energy and continuously churn out flames, which were drawn to the black gourd for the forging process.

“Killing two birds with one stone,” said Luo Feng. “Just by modifying the massive Craftsman Star, he was able to achieve this effect. In fact, with Craftsman Master’s ability, it would be a piece of cake.” He stared at the black gourd. “I can sense that the black metal board is inside that black gourd. What should I do?”

Take the gourd away?

The thought crossed his mind, but he banished it instantly. It was a laughable idea! The black gourd was a part of Craftsman Star—it was a subject with a master! Craftsman Master would certainly know if he were to take it away…

More importantly, Luo Feng was not the master of Craftsman Star. If he wanted to take the black gourd, a component of it, he would have to take the entire Craftsman Star! Given the weight and power of Craftsman Star, he might as well have tried to move Thousand Treasure River. Even a universe master wouldn’t have been able to make it budge. In this way, it was just like Star Tower. If it were to completely unleash its power, even a universe supreme master would not be able to take it away!

“I’d better not move the black gourd,” Luo Feng told himself. “I should not act rashly. The gourd’s mouth will always be open to spurt out flames. But if I follow the path of the flames being drawn into the gourd’s mouth… There’s no reason I should meet with any obstructions.”

Still, Luo Feng was not so sure. He wondered whether the gourd was empty on the inside or filled with even more terrifying flames.

“Heck, I’m going to go all out,” he said. “The black metal board is inside the gourd. I have to go in!”

The temptation was just too strong. In an instant, the black-robed form of Luo Feng’s godly body split into two. One was his Mosha body, the other was his original earthling body.

“Mosha body shall try first.”

Sou!

Right away, he used his talent technique “Domain.” In the blink of an eye, he was taking the path into the gourd through the gourd’s mouth.

Hong!

Stepping directly into a bed of red-hot, endless flames, Mosha body did not even have a moment to look around, nor did it have even a moment to react before it was annihilated. Not even a strand of hair managed to make contact with the flames.

Poof!

Moshy body was gone in an instant—up in flames faster than it took a single strand of hair to burn. The moment a godly body entered, it was annihilated immediately, without a split second to react.

Luo Feng studied the black gourd suspended in the air by the 36 virtual chains. Instantly, his body unleashed some godly power that rapidly converged to restore Mosha body. Mosha body might have been similar to his original earthling body in size, but qualitatively, there was a substantial difference; only a small amount of godly power was required to restore his Mosha body.

“Time to let my original earthling body try,” said Luo Feng. “This godly body of mine is comparable to an ordinary universe knight.”

Luo Feng frowned as he took out a world ring and toss it over to his Mosha body. At the same time, he also went into the world ring.

“Go!”

Mosha body immediately took the World Ring and used the talent technique “Domain” again.

Sou!

Instantly, they made their way to the black gourd’s mouth.

Inside the world ring.

Hong! Long!

Luo Feng looked up at the sky to see the countless cracks on this side of the world. The next thing he knew, the world around him collapsed. Having briefly witnessed how terrifying the flames were, it was obvious that the material used to make the world ring was starting to melt. Then everything on this side of the world collapsed.

The next moment, Luo Feng found standing right in the heart of the flames.

“This is the inside of the black gourd?” he said.

The moment he appeared in this flaming space, the first sensation he felt was scalding hot. He was reminded of how it had felt when he had first scalded himself as a child. Yet, given his willpower today, Luo Feng was able to suppress this bit of pain without difficulty.

“Black metal board!” he said.

Luo Feng felt as though every cell of his body was boiling. The feeling was insane. He lowered his gaze to the bottom of this flaming space. There were many various materials here, and all were very precious and unique. All were able to put up with the high temperature without any trouble. And among them… was the black metal board!

At the foot of Craftsman Mountain.

Everything was peaceful, just like any other day. Amid the countless buildings left behind by various great beings from all over the universe, Remote Ocean Luo Feng stood at the door of his courtyard.

Mosha body was annihilated in an instant, he thought. Its consciousness did not even have time to react. My original earthling body only managed to lower his head. Though it was only a split second, his consciousness was allowed a moment of thought.

Remote Ocean Luo Feng sighed to himself. “This is so nerve-wracking,” he whispered. “No wonder universe overlords can only resist the flames from outside… The flames on the inside of the gourd are far more frightening than those on the outside.”

Luo Feng turned to go back into the house. He sat down cross-legged, to think in silence.

The flaming space within the black gourd contains extremely precious materials. However, these may only be a portion of the materials Craftsman Master owns.

Luo Feng understood that every type of material had different characteristics. Not every material was suitable to be stored within such a scorching hot place. This would be determined by the great beings’ natural instincts. Truly precious materials would be carried about by great beings so that they could safeguard them.

My Remote Ocean body is much bigger than my original earthling body. The power of its godly body is much stronger, so I suppose it may be able to hold on much longer. Craftsman Master has three formidable disciples: the one called “ninth brother” and two others who are currently not around. I cannot miss such perfect timing… Let’s give it a shot!

Luo Feng made up his mind. He divided some godly power and directed it to converge with his Mosha body. Then Mosha body brought his Remote Ocean body over to Craftsman Mountain, where they snuck in once again.

Mosha body snuck into the bedrock of the mountain easily for the second time, then stopped a distance away from the black gourd suspended in midair.

“Are the flames really that powerful?” he muttered. “I only need a small amount of time to grab the black metal board and fly out quickly.”

With Remote Ocean body, Mosha entered the black gourd once again. Inside, Mosha body was annihilated in an instant, as expected; the world ring melted, and the side of the internal world collapsed.

The moment Remote Ocean body appeared, he lowered his head and accelerated toward the bottom in one swift dive.

“Black metal board!”

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Endless, red-hot flames annihilated the godly body of Remote Ocean body in a frenzied craze by the time he had managed to cover only about half the distance. Before Remote Ocean body was able to get to the bottommost area of the flaming space, where all the precious materials were, it was destroyed.

Yin Fa Secret Region, 3,000 light years from Craftsman Star.

A universe planet ship hovered in midair.

In the control room, an adorable Golden Horned Beast, only three feet long, lay sprawled on the sofa. Its eyes were full of frustration, and it was mumbling under its breath, “I knew it wouldn’t be so easy. I knew it! Those frightening flames were much too powerful. Just like how a pinnacle emperor can easily subdue an official level undying with one hand, Craftsman Star has annihilated my godly body effortlessly.”

“Remote Ocean body was massive,” it continued, “but it only took a split second for it to be destroyed. The difference is much too great… No matter how much energy my godly body has, it is bound to burn. This power is more terrifying than the attack of a universe overlord—more powerful than the greatest attack by Qi Blood Palace Leader. I’m sure it far surpasses the limit of defense of ordinary true treasure armor. Under such force, just as how Golden King Armor’s power was greatly reduced, to weaken it by one-tenth would be considered a blessing.”

Golden Horned Beast shook its little head and continued mumbling, “Even if the power could be weakened to one-tenth, persevering would still be impossible in those endless flame. The fire within black gourd is more powerful than any other flames in the outside world.”

The outside world needs universe overlords who have ordinary true treasure armor. In that gourd… isn’t it a must to depend on Force Armor? With my Force Armor, the strength of the flames could be reduced to 1/10,000. That would make things much easier. But if I fail, I would lose Force Armor, too!

Golden Horned Beast lay sprawled in the same spot, letting out low growls intermittently. “I knew it… It is not that easy. Not that easy!”

Sou!

“To bring Force Armor or not? To go or not to go?”

Luo Feng sat down on the sofa with a wine glass in his hand. Golden Horned Beast was also lay sprawled on the sofa. Both sat there, deep in thought.


Chapter 1055: Craftsman Master is Back

A spaceship floated in a space more than 3,000 light years from Craftsman Star.

Should I go or not? Luo Feng wondered.

He had sent Remote Ocean body out before. He didn’t mind a slight energy loss, and he wouldn’t care about the Golden King Armor. However, after experiencing the power of the flames—and seeing the three universe-overlord disciples of Craftsman Master standing outside the flames wearing ordinary true treasure armors—Luo Feng had confirmed that ordinary true treasure armors were not enough!

“Should I use my Force Armor?” Luo Feng frowned. Star Tower and Force Armor were the most important true treasures he had! The Force Armor would still be a great boon to him, even he became a universe master in the future.

Luo Feng thought about it for more than six hours. Numerous ideas popped up in his head, but all were vetoed.

“I’ll go!” he finally decided.

After a short while, Mosha body took off with Golden Horned Beast body and Remote Ocean body.

Luo Feng had six true treasures in total: Tower Pearl, Star Map, Shi Wu Wing, Force Armor, Golden King Armor, and Nine Tiger River. He sent the Golden Horned Beast carrying three true treasures: Force Armor, Shi Wu Wing, and Nine Tiger River. The Force Armor was for Golden Horned Beast to resist the fire, and the Shi Wu Wings and Nine Tiger River were to be used to escape!

As for Golden King Armor and Star Map, they were useless under these circumstances. Although Tower Pearl was helpful, it was used for Star Tower to recognize Luo Feng as his master, and he couldn’t lose it! Compared to Force Armor, the supreme true treasure Star Tower was far more important to Luo Feng. Thus, he wouldn’t risk it.

If I fail and lose my Force Armor, losing my Shi Wu Wings and Nine Tiger River will be the least of my worries, Luo Feng thought.

Compared to Force Armor, Nine Tiger River and Shi Wu Wing were worthless.

Inside the vast space in Craftsman Star were space whirlpools beyond count. Mosha body floated in the sky and looked at the Craftsman Star in the distance.

“I must get the fourth black metal!” he said. “If Craftsman Master is there, I won’t be able to get it. Fortunately, he happens to be outside, and the three universe overlords are resting. I might need to wait for an eternity if I miss this chance…”

I must go! he thought. Even if I fail and lose the Force Armor, there’s still a chance I can get it back when I become stronger in the future. After all, Craftsman Master won’t be able to use it, even if he does get it. It won’t be difficult to get it back. And besides, Master Zuo Shan Ke might also interfere. The Force Armor was made by him, and it won’t be a problem for him to get the armor back.

After taking this all into consideration, Luo Feng decided to go! His Force Armor was important to him, but the fourth black metal was even more so! Once he got it, he was likely to make his Golden Horned Beast body reach the perfect life gene level, after which he could perform the inherited technique known as “I Am the Universe.”

“My power will surge with this move!” he said. “Even if I lose my Force Armor and get killed, my boundless Remote Ocean body will create more bodies. There’s nothing to worry about.”

Although his Force Armor was significant to Luo Feng, it wasn’t vital. Still, if it weren’t for the fourth metal of the “Nine Volume Manual,” he wouldn’t have risked it.

Mosha body teleported himself to Craftsman Star and entered the Craftsman Mountain after another teleportation. He was experienced, now; he had used his inherited technique “Domain” to enter the cave before and now went deeper inside. After performing Domain 100 times, he arrived in the deepest portion of the mountainside.

A three-foot-tall Golden Horned Beast floating in the air gazed at the black gourd connected by 36 chains. The gourd’s mouth expelled endless flames, which were so powerful that they might turn an ordinary treasure into ashes.

The Golden Horned Beast body had performed “Deities of the Earth,”

“Beast God Transformation,” and “Inherited Technique Amplification,” and had reached his limit. He had even hidden a world ring that contained the Remote Ocean body and Mosha body.

“I’m consuming the godly power while the Remote Ocean body is supplying godly power,” he said. “The Golden Horned Beast body, Remote Ocean body, together with Force Armor… I’ll definitely get the fourth black metal now!”

The Golden Horned Beast body shrank to the size of a fist.

Sou!

He flew toward the mouth of the gourd. The black gourd was ten feet tall, and its mouth was about the size of a human head.

He entered the gourd. Inside, the Golden Horned Beast body immediately felt the horrifying heat of the flames. The black gourd was used to extract fire for Craftsman Master to make weapons. The flames that spewed from it made up only a small portion of the fire that raged inside. Here, the flames were much stronger—perhaps enough to annihilate a top-tier set treasure.

Hong!

The flames were endless.

The Golden Horned Beast became three feet long and drove the Force Armor by burning his godly body, which maximized his defense.

“Hahaha…! Nice! The Force Armor is indeed impressive. Although the fire is mighty, it’s weakened to only 1/10,000th of its original power. It’s still consuming my godly body, but it doesn’t have any real effects now. Perhaps only 20 percent of my godly body will be gone when I get the black metal and leave.”

Actually, his godly body was already being consumed quickly, but Luo Feng remained fairly relaxed.

Sou!

The Golden Horned Beast dove down. The godly body was also consumed gradually… 99.9 percent, 99.7 percent, 99.5 percent… 98.7 percent… However, after a short while, the Remote Ocean body started to transfer godly power from the world ring to restore the Golden Horned Beast body, and it went back to 100 percent. The Remote Ocean body had the same amount of godly power as the Golden Horned Beast body did.

Sou!

Sou!

Luo Feng kept diving down. The space inside the gourd was not large, having a diameter of around 6,000 miles, and the Golden Horned Beast body reached the bottom quickly. However, once he hit the bottom, he started to succumb to the heat. The flames at the bottom of the gourd were more sizzling than in any other area. Apparently, it was the essence of the fire. The flames glinted purple.

97 percent… 94 percent… 91 percent… 88 percent… His godly body was being quickly consumed.

“No! I need to hurry!”

The Golden Horned Beast reached the bottom where there were lots of materials. He grabbed the fourth black metal.

Weng!

There was dimming black light on the black metal and the material at the bottom. The Golden Horned Beast wasn’t able to catch the black metal with all the integrated black light.

Howl!

The Golden Horned Beast looked down. The fire was worming its way inside the bottom of the gourd through the engravings in the black light. Energy accumulated at the bottom. Apparently, it was an engraving seal used to store the energies, and the materials were sealed under it.

“Trying to stop me by using an engraving seal without a master?” he said. “Break!”

His Shi Wu Wing slashed the black light!

Pu!

The black light was cut in half. His hoof grabbed the black metal, and he swallowed it. The godly power recognized him as his master like before, and the information contained in the black metal was transferred to him.

“Go!”

The Golden Horned Beast didn’t dare hesitate. His godly body was down to only 62 percent, and the Remote Ocean body was at only 68 percent…

Sou!

The Golden Horned Beast shrank to the size of a fist and flew out of the gourd through its mouth. He landed on a rock.

“Finally, I got it!” the Golden Horned Beast said, elated.

Hong!

An enormous amount of power suddenly arrived, frightening Golden Horned Beast.

No…! Cutting the engraving seal alerted the Craftsman Master. He came back to his home to see what happened!

“You dare… to break my engraving?” an ancient voice roared.

Hong!

A gigantic arm descended through all the fire, and the Golden Horned Beast was seized!

The Golden Horned Beast felt the pressure pressing down on him. His godly body was quickly consumed… 50 percent… 42 percent… 36 percent…

“Supply! Remote Ocean body! Supply!”

Golden Horned Beast grew anxious. His godly body was quickly restored by the energies from the Remote Ocean body. When the palm stopped exerting power, Remote Ocean had already used up his power entirely, and the power in the Golden Horned Beast body was only at 42 percent.

“You survived my attack?”

The rocky arm grasped the Golden Horned Beast. There was a rumbling sound. He was Craftsman Master, and the conception contained in that move was enough to annihilate an ordinary universe overlord.

“You withstood my grab and have only stolen a material that is of no use anyway,” said Craftsman Master. “I’ll spare your life…”

Hong! Long! Long!

The space was reversed. The Golden Horned Beast felt the space and time around him changing, and he was already out in the space surrounding the Craftsman Star when he began to see things clearly again, in front of one of the giant space whirlpools.

“There are 98,200 wormholes,” said the giant form of Craftsman Master, standing 6 million miles tall. “Two of them lead to places in the Land of Extremis!”

The giant threw the Golden Horned Beast into one of the giant space whirlpools—one bearing a tablet reading, “Land of Extremis” on it.

“I’ve given you a chance to survive,” the voice said, entering into Luo Feng’s mind as the Golden Horned Beast was tossed through the space whirlpool.


Chapter 1056: Land of Extremis

Golden Horned Beast was thrown into the space whirlpool… and Craftsman Master—the mountain giant who was as tall as tens of millions of miles—stood quietly in the air, watching the space whirlpool that would lead to the Land of Extremis.

Craftsman Master was a mountain giant, millions of miles tall, with many gigantic glass arms sticking out of it. At one look, it would seem to have at least 100 gigantic arms. Furthermore, the stone face of the mountain bore an enormous pair of eyes.

“Golden Horned Beast,” he said, “don’t blame me if you are trapped in the Land of Extremis for trillions of years.” Craftsman Master gazed at the space whirlpool and continued, “All of these are Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest’s instructions.” Craftsman Master could not help letting out a soft sigh. “Poor fellow.”

Sitting Mountain Guest’s wish would always be Craftsman Master’s command. He would carry out his orders without fail.

Given his capability, his skills in making weapons, and his massive, mountainous godly body, he really had nothing to fear when facing a universe supreme master! Firstly, he was capable and had a massive godly body in addition to a flying-palace type true treasure: “Craftsman Star.” He was able to fend for himself when facing other universe supreme masters. Secondly, he had an extensive network of friends. On the level of universe supreme masters alone, a few were very close to him. He was also close to the human race, the demon race, and several other races, as many would frequently employ his help in making true treasures. So, if any other universe supreme masters dared to “command” him about, he would dismiss them without a second thought.

But things were different with Sitting Mountain Guest… Craftsman Master treated Sitting Mountain Guest with the utmost respect!

Back in his younger days, he was passionate about making weapons and was very gifted in this aspect. During the earliest stage of the birth of the universe, when very few life-forms existed, Craftsman Master was already a universe knight. Once, while making weapons, Sitting Mountain Guest happened to sit by his side and watch him work. At that time, he was furious. How could his skill of making true treasures be seen by other great beings who might pick up his skills secretly?

He was fuming, but there was nothing he could do. Sitting Mountain Guest was already a universe supreme being at that point in time. His power to control the surrounding universe could have rendered Craftsman Master immobile.

Thereafter, Sitting Mountain Guest gave his two cents’ worth on Craftsman Master’s weapon-making skills, commending his merits but also pointing out his shortcomings. He even gave pointers on how improvements could be made to boost his weapon-making skills. Craftsman Master had been appalled… During that period, the lonely Sitting Mountain Guest had resided on Craftsman Master’s planet, where Craftsman Master was still a nobody and had yet to earn his reputation by remodeling a flying-palace type true treasure.

Occasionally, Sitting Mountain Guest would give him some pointers. This had allowed Craftsman Master’s skills to increase by leaps and bounds. Even his law comprehension showed tremendous improvement. Eventually, he achieved a breakthrough and attained the universe master level! His skills in making weapons also reached a very high standard.

“Your skills have already attained an extremely high level,” Sitting Mountain Guest had said. “My guidance is no longer useful. What happens next will be up to you to discover and experience.”

Sitting Mountain Guest had left him thereafter. From the beginning to the end, Sitting Mountain Guest had not mentioned anything about making him a disciple. He also had not taught him any self-cultivation techniques, nor had he given Craftsman Master any true treasures. Sitting Mountain Guest’s help… was merely staying on his planet for a longer time to guide him in improving his skill in making weapons.

Still, Craftsman Master had always used the salutation of “Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest.” In his heart, he thought of Sitting Mountain Guest as his teacher! There were a few occasions where he asked Sitting Mountain Guest to be his teacher… but Sitting Mountain Guest was unresponsive. When Sitting Mountain Guest approached him with instruction this time around, he would certainly perform the task to his very best and absolutely without a trace of delay.

“Poor fellow. But you are one lucky fellow,” Craftsman Master lamented with a sigh. “Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest has set a test for you. To train you. I think it means that he thinks of you as his disciple. However, Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest has very high expectations. If you are unable to make it out on your own, you will be trapped in the Land of Extremis for all eternity.”

Craftsman Master let out yet another sigh.

Hua!

The next instant, that massive being vanished into space and went back to Craftsman Star.

A moment later, the three disciples of Craftsman Master flew down toward the foot of Craftsman Mountain, where over 500 universe knights and undying beings—all of whom were gifted with talents in making weapons—were kneeling in wait.

“Teacher has returned!” shouted one of the three disciples.

“Teacher has returned,” announced another.

“You should all start preparing quickly. Soon, Teacher will be testing you all. Only those who pass the final test get to become Teacher’s disciples.”

Upon hearing the shouts, everyone looked far into the distance with surprised and delighted expressions. From the buildings, the universe knights of the many races rushed out at top speed.

“Hurry up! Craftsman Master is about to make an appearance!”

“Hurry up!”

“The chance to enlist Craftsman Master’s help in making true treasures is finally arriving.”

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Thousands of universe knights came forth in large numbers.

“Remote Ocean Luo Feng!” said Chrysalis Knight. “Craftsman Master is about to appear! Remote Ocean Luo Feng? Remote Ocean Luo Feng?”

Chrysalis Knight went to Luo Feng’s abode to look for him, but he could not find him anywhere. He could not help but let out a sigh.

In the Yin Fa Secret Region, a lone universe planet ship cruised through space. Luo Feng’s original earthling body sat in it, and beside him, a Remote Ocean body appeared. Earlier on, to ward off the blow Craftsman Master had dealt to Golden Horned Beast, Remote Ocean body had supplemented Golden Horned Beast’s godly body with more power, thus using up all his godly power. He was annihilated as a result. Naturally, another Remote Ocean body would be formed.

“Where is it?” Luo Feng muttered in alarm. “My Golden Horned Beast body… Where has it gone to? Normally, I am able to connect with my Golden Horned Beast body through our consciousness, but I cannot sense its location.”

Luo Feng was taken aback. Nothing like this had ever happened before. Even on the Original Star, the two bodies had been able to sense each other’s whereabouts.

“Where did Golden Horned Beast body go?” Luo Feng wondered aloud. “The Land of Extremis… Where is it found in this universe?”

Luo Feng was growing increasingly perturbed. Even in his current standard, he still felt that the universe was a difficult book to read. There were always mysterious lands seemingly popping up out of nowhere.

Going through that gigantic space whirlpool, Golden Horned Beast suddenly found himself in the middle of a starry sky. He looked around, feeling at a loss.

“This place… Where am I?”

Golden Horned Beast looked off into the distance.

In the bright, starry sky, looking afar, there was the star level and a star traveler level. He could even see a gigantic, red star. Given Golden Horned Beast’s eyesight, the vast, limitless galaxy he saw seemed like an ordinary starry sky. But Golden Horned Beast body was keenly aware that this place was nowhere near ordinary! He was unable to sense the space ripples—he also could not sense his God Country or the virtual universe!

“How is this possible? Where are the space ripples?” Golden Horned Beast let out a low growl while suspended in midair. He studied his surroundings. “There are no spaces sealed, so where have all the space ripples disappeared to?”

Here in this vast starry sky, it was as though it was perfectly natural for space to be without a single trace of ripples. It was as if this place was completely isolated from the original universe.

“I cannot sense the virtual universe, and I cannot sense my God Country. I was unable to connect to the virtual universe when I was in the Original Star, too, but this is only the second place in the entire universe where I have been unable to connect to the virtual universe.”

Golden Horned Beast surveyed his surroundings. He was quite aware of the capabilities of the virtual universe, and a place that could cut off all contact with the virtual universe was certainly no ordinary realm.

“What about the space whirlpool?” Golden Horned Beast looked around. He had arrived here immediately after stepping through that space whirlpool. Thereafter, the space whirlpool had disappeared.

“Why did it disappear? Could it be…? That the space whirlpool on the Craftsman Star can be transmitted to different spots randomly?”

Luo Feng was baffled. Back when he was at the Ancestral God Secret Region, he had met with a spate of random occurrences involving space whirlpools where he was transported to the core lands of certain places. But Mosha body had eventually undergone an evolution.

Luo Feng’s Mosha body appeared in midair while Golden Horned Beast body hid within the World Ring.

“This Land of Extremis… What secret does it hold? Why do I not see any form of danger here?”

Luo Feng scrutinized his surroundings, but because he could not sense his God Country, there was no way he could utilize God Country Transportation. Hence, his injuries would not be able to recover.

“Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest… What does he have in mind for me?” Luo Feng wondered.

Luo Feng was no fool! While planning a way to steal the fourth metal board, he had not confirmed whether there was any relation between Craftsman Master and Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest. However, when Golden Horned Beast was caught while trying to escape, Craftsman Master had shown up.

Craftsman Master’s appearance wasn’t a surprise. What was surprising was the minor punishment he had meted out. He had not even taken back the metal board, nor had he taken any of Luo Feng’s true treasures before tossing him into the space whirlpool leading to the Land of Extremis!

What a weak race! The audacity to steal.

Surely, Craftsman Master knew that for a being to come out of the black gourd alive, he must have a formidable true treasure armor, thought Luo Feng. Even though he knew this… Craftsman Master still did not take any of my valuables. How could he be so benevolent? Even a benevolent master would have killed me right away. And if he intended to punish me instead, there are many ways to do so. Why would he desert me in the Land of Extremis?

Super great beings kill one another on the Original Star for the sake of obtaining top-tier true treasures. Yet Craftsman Master is unable to see a valuable true treasure right before his eyes? No. I am truly a fool. This must have been Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest’s arrangement.

Luo Feng was grateful to Sitting Mountain Guest for this, but he was doubtful of his intentions and motives. Sitting Mountain Guest usually showed much indifference to Luo Feng, but when he had instructed Luo Feng to obtain the first three black metal boards, Luo Feng had to obtain the three boards in three different stages, one when he was at sector lord level, the second when he was at undying level, and the third when he was at universe knight level. They were clearly three different tests.

“Back when I was seeking the Green Knight and the Purple Knight… I eventually ended up being sent to Ice Hell,” Luo Feng recalled. “If not for Master of Sky Wolf, I’m afraid I would have been there a long time. I would have had to kill a colossal number of great beings in Ice Hell to make it out alive. Is this like Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest’s motive back then?”

Luo Feng could only speculate, as Sitting Mountain Guest’s arrangements were usually more casual and impromptu. Even if Luo Feng was able to escape thanks to Master of Sky Wolf and Primal Chaos City Leader, Sitting Mountain Guest would not intervene.

“What about this time?”

“What is his motive this time? If it weren’t for Master of Sky Wolf and Primal Chaos City Leader, I would have been trapped in Ice Hell for a long, long time.” Luo Feng looked up at the vast, starry sky. “In this mysterious Land of Extremis, I can’t sense my God Country, nor the virtual universe. I can’t even determine its universe coordinates! There is no way I can seek help! And if my godly body is depleted, I can’t go to the Remote Ocean to recharge…”

“The moment I fail,” Luo Feng said to himself, “my Force Armor, Nine Tiger River, and Shi Wu Wings will be gone.”

“I can’t afford to worry. Regardless of what Sitting Mountain Guest has in mind, he is training me, and I have improved my abilities so rapidly, all thanks to him. Regardless, capability is the fundamental concern!”

Luo Feng speculated no more.

Sou!

Immediately, he transformed into a beam of light and flew off at top speed. He continued accelerating and soon reached the speed of light.

“Huh?” Luo Feng’s eyes widened. “I have reached the speed of light! No! I am starting to exceed the speed of light! Why am I still not entering the dark universe?”

While in the form of light, Luo Feng was dumbfounded.

“What is this place? Is this really the original universe? Could it be that there is another universe that is similar to the original universe?”


Chapter 1057: The Prisoner in the Land of Extremis

He wasn’t able to feel his god kingdom, and neither could he enter the dark universe and reach a speed faster than light. And there were no space ripples…

“Where am I?”

Luo Feng was still flying at high speed through space using his inertia. He looked around at all the stars gleaming.

“Wait,” he said. “This doesn’t feel right. I’m already faster than the speed of light, and I should only be able to see the front.”

Luo Feng looked back, and he could still see the scene distinctly, which baffled him. He permeated his godly power and sensed light speed.

“I’m moving too fast,” he said. “So… Light speed in the Land of Extremis is different from that in the original universe.”

Light speed in the original universe was 186,000 miles per second, while light speed in the Land of Extremis was 100 times faster!

“The speed of godly power?” Luo Feng frowned.

Sou!

A beam of godly power spread, which made Luo Feng exclaim, “The fastest godly power is 186,000 miles per second in the original universe! But light speed in the Land of Extremis is 18 million miles per second!”

Sou!

Luo Feng accelerated and flew across the sky. Two times light speed in the original universe. Three times light speed in the original universe… He kept accelerating.

The laws of the universe were sharply different in the Land of Extremis. Luo Feng felt like he had around Zuo Shan Ke but also as if he were in the primal universe. Zuo Shan Ke was a universe supreme master, and he was able to change all the laws in his surroundings, while the primal universe was an entirely different universe with some fundamental differences.

Luo Feng kept speeding up, and the pressure on his godly body kept surging. The Mosha body was 100 times stronger than an ordinary pinnacle emperor, and he was able to withstand the pressure.

“100 times light speed in the original universe! I can speed up no more…”

Luo Feng wasn’t able to accelerate any further, even after burning his godly power. He remained at 100 times the speed of light in the original universe. He was at light speed in the Land of Extremis.

Hua!

Suddenly, the view behind him became dark, and Luo Feng was only able to see the starry sky in front of him.

“I didn’t enter the dark universe even after hitting the speed limit. It seems that there’s no dark universe in the Land of Extremis.” Luo Feng was perplexed. “Let’s see… what kind of place Land of Extremis is.”

He continued flying 100 times faster than light speed in the original universe…

Inside Luo Feng’s god kingdom.

The Remote Ocean was churning, and Luo Feng sat on the square in front of his god kingdom.

“Although I’m trapped in Land of Extremis, I have gained more than I lost! At least I got the fourth black metal of the Nine Volume Manual.”

Luo Feng smiled. The fourth black metal had been hidden in the mountainside of Craftsman Mountain, and the information contained in the black metal was already transferred to him when the Golden Horned Beast swallowed the black metal. He gathered the practice methods of the first five volumes. However, a lot of information was missing in the fourth black metal, and when combined with the first three, they gave the practice methods of the first volumes.

“I’ve obtained the first seven volumes of the Nine Volumes Manual. Perhaps the last black metal can give me the last two volumes. I’ll start practicing now!”

And so his original earthling body started the sixth volume of Nine Volume Manual…

Mosha body kept flying, moving 100 times faster than light speed in the original universe as the Golden Horned Beast inside the world ring started to practice the sixth volume of the Nine Volume Manual. Even if he failed to finish the sixth volume and his body turned into ashes, Luo Feng’s godly body was strong enough to be immortal.

His body could be recovered as long as there was a portion of it left. The ashes would be gathered, which meant he was able to practice the Nine Volume Manual the in Land of Extremis without having to worry about failure.

He kept flying at the same speed for more than a year and finally flew into a galaxy.

Luo Feng exclaimed, “One star is jade, one is yellow and white, and one is rainbow-colored!”

When he reached the center of the galaxy, an old voice came out of the yellow star, and it reached Luo Feng’s surroundings several seconds later: “There is an intruder from another race in the Land of Extremis.”

“We’ve been alone for a long time, Demon Sword Knight,” replied a wicked voice from the rainbow-colored star.

“We haven’t seen any other races for more than 60,000 eras,” said a cold voice from the jade star.

Luo Feng was disturbed.

Hong!

A trace of invisible godly power penetrated Luo Feng as a soul attack, but Mosha body wasn’t afraid of soul attack.

“He’s an energy life form, and he doesn’t fear soul attack,” the wicked voice echoed through the sky.

“Let me crush him,” said the cold voice.

“My turn,” said the old voice.

Luo Feng looked into the distance, and three beings flew out of the stars. They reached the speed that was 100 times that of the light speed in the original universe and dashed toward Luo Feng.

“My Mosha body isn’t good at fighting,” he said.

Hua!

A three-foot-long Golden Horned Beast floated in the sky with his wings open, and Mosha body went into the world ring.

“Oh? A space beast?” said one of the three beings.

“A Golden Horned Beast,” said another.

“Much better.” The green being had a voice that was apathetic yet filled with aggression.

The Golden Horned Beast floated in the sky and recognized all three of the universe overlords. They were universe-renowned universe overlords who had vanished from the universe a long time ago. They were Demon Sword Knight, Ce Tian Knight, and Feather Dark Horde Leader.

The Golden Horned Beast’s voice resounded through the sky. “Demon Sword Knight, Ce Tian Knight, and Feather Dark Horde Leader… I can’t believe you three are still alive!”

They slowed down and stopped in an area tens of thousands of miles away from Luo Feng. All three great beings were surprised.

“Somebody still remembers us!” said Ce Tian Knight.

“We aren’t forgotten,” Feather Dark Horde Leader said at the same time.

Demon Sword Knight gazed at the Golden Horned Beast indifferently and demanded, “Tell us now! What has happened in the past 200,000 eras?”

Ce Tian Knight and Feather Dark Horde Leader also stared at the Golden Horned Beast.

“Demon Blade Knight,” The Golden Horned Beast growled. “You speak as if commanding a slave. I don’t like the way you talk… Although I empathize with you and I’m willing to tell you what’s happened, the way you talk has disappointed me.”

“Damn you!” Demon Blade Knight’s eyes glinted coldly. “If you don’t want to talk, then I’ll beat the truth out of you!”

Hong!

His godly body started to burn.

Hua!

A streak of jade light streaked through the sky and charged at the Golden Horned Beast.

Luo Feng hadn’t expected Demon Blade Knight to be so angry. He would have gladly answered him if Demon Blade Knight had asked nicely. From the bottom of his heart, Luo Feng was willing to have a conversation with those universe overlords. Unfortunately, Demon Blade Knight didn’t view him as his equal.

“Charge!” Ce Tian Knight said and instantly slammed Luo Feng with a staff that grew 6,000 miles long.

“Hahaha…!” Feather Dark Horde Leader guffawed, and his voice pierced the Golden Horned Beast body.

Although Luo Feng’s willpower and consciousness were at the universe-overlord level, he was still affected. The Golden Horned Beast started to burn his godly body, and he shook his wing to try to dodge the blade.

Chi!

The blade slashed toward the Golden Horned Beast.

Peng!

The staff hit the head of the Golden Horned Beast. Demon Blade Knight and Ce Tian Knight cooperated with each other perfectly, and Feather Dark Horde Leader was affecting Luo Feng’s mind and willpower constantly… The Golden Horned Beast was weaker than those universe overlords, and his godly body was still injured from his the encounter at Craftsman Mountain. He could only stand there and be beaten by them.

“His wing is a true treasure!” Ce Tian Knight shouted.

“And he’s wearing true treasure armor,” Feather Dark Horde Leader added. “He’s able to resist all the attacks from us! He must be wearing a senior true treasure armor.”

“Kill him!”

“Get the true treasures.

“The true treasure armor is mine, and you can have the others,” Demon Blade Knight said coldly.

Both Ce Tian Knight and Feather Dark Horde Leader were a bit angry, but they knew that Demon Blade Knight was stronger than them… Besides, they still hadn’t found a way to get out of Land of Extremis.

Ce Tian Knight and Feather Dark Horde Leader nodded.

“Okay,” said Ce Tian Knight.

“Okay,” agreed Feather Dark Horde Leader.

“Golden Horned Beast, we don’t care what’s going on outside. We want your true treasures more.” Then Demon Blade Knight looked at the Golden Horned Beast and said, “Die.”

Howl! Snarl!

Hua! Hua!

Endless golden waters spread and enveloped the sky for tens of millions of square miles. Nine strange beasts swam in the water, and the Golden Horned Beast stood in the middle.

Feather Dark Horde Leader, Ce Tian Knight, and Demon Blade Knight were all shocked.

“A domain type true treasure!” they said as one.

“Want my true treasures?” said the Golden Horned Beast. Under the pressure of the golden river, the three universe overlords couldn’t so much as touch the Golden Horned Beast. The Golden Horned Beast glared at them, infuriated. “Let’s see who dies first!”


Chapter 1058: The Golden River in the Sky

The water in Nine Tiger River flowed through the sky and trapped the three universe overlords. They quickly slowed down.

“What should we do? He has a domain type true treasure, and we can’t even get close to him,” said Ce Tian Knight, sounding anxious.

Demon Blade Knight, however, frowned. “Feather Dark Horde Leader, can you attack you using your illusion and slow him down?”

“No, I can’t!” answered Feather Dark Horde Leader, sounding helpless. “He has incredibly strong willpower and a strong mind—I can only affect him to a very small extent. He’s still able to fly and dodge perfectly.”

Under soul illusion, some top-tier techniques might not be perfectly performed. However, it would still be easy to fly.

“Forget it,” Demon Blade Knight said. “We can’t kill him, as he has a domain type true treasure. Let’s spare his life and leave.”

“Okay.”

“I guess we have to do this.”

Ce Tian Knight, Demon Blade Knight, and Feather Dark Horde Leader started to fly back to their planets.

“Want to flee?” asked a furious voice, and the Golden Horned Beast started to chase Demon Blade Knight.

“Humph! You dare to chase me even after I spared your life?” Demon Blade Knight glared at the Golden Horned Beast coming after him. “Perhaps I might not be able to catch you in your domain, but don’t blame me for killing you since you delivered yourself to me!”

“Sounds like my life is in your hands,” said the Golden Horned Beast. “Hahaha… Hilarious! Demon Blade Knight, let’s see who’ll die!”

The Golden Horned Beast shook his wings and dashed at Demon Blade Knight. Under his burning godly power, his Shi Wu Wings slashed Demon Blade Knight! And the nine strange beasts in the Nine Tiger River also encircled Demon Blade Knight. The nine strange beasts were mighty and were able to severely injure secondary universe knights with the help of the Golden Horned Beast’s godly power and amplification. As for universe overlords, though they were not able to hurt them, they could suppress their speed.

“You must be seeking your own demise,” Demon Blade Knight said with disdain. He had scorned the Golden Horned Beast since the moment he first saw him. “You’re too weak to fight me. And the only reason you’re still breathing is your background, coming from the Space Beast Alliance and being bestowed an incredible true treasure… You couldn’t hope to fight against me!”

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

The noise was deafening as Demon Blade Knight and the Golden Horned Beast began to fight within the golden river.

The Golden Horned Beast was only able to concentrate on one enemy at a time. Ce Tian Knight and Feather Dark Horde Leader watched the fight from a distance, relaxed.

“He’s just playing with fire,” said Ce Tian Knight. “Not only did the Golden Horned Beast not flee with his domain type true treasure when he had the chance, but he dared to try to fight.”

“Let’s see how Demon Blade Knight crushes him,” said Feather Dark Horde Leader.

The fight continued… One minute, five minutes, ten minutes… Although it was a fierce battle, it was the Golden Horned Beast who was haunting Demon Blade Knight. The Golden Horn Beast kept being hit, but he didn’t back down. He continued bringing the fight to Demon Blade Knight.

Ce Tian Knight and Feather Dark Horde Leader watched, stupefied.

“This… Demon Blade Knight has burned one percent of his godly body at this point,” Ce Tian Knight said with shock. “But that Golden Horned Beast’s force doesn’t change at all!”

“His godly body isn’t weakened at all, even after burning for such a long time,” said Feather Dark Horde Leader, also stunned.

Demon Blade Knight ceased being aloof and disdainful. Instead, he was distressed and furious. “His godly body hasn’t changed at all after being hit for such a long time. But how? No wonder it’s a senior true treasure armor!”

He sensed that the Golden Horned Beast was weak, and he even thought that the Golden Horned Beast hadn’t triggered its third form. However, even the second form of a senior true treasure armor could weaken attacks to 1/1,000th.

“Even senior true treasures are useless. Break!”

A jade blade light tore through the golden river and slashed the Golden Horned Beast.

Pu! Pu! Pu!

Pu! Pu! Pu!

Pu! Pu! Pu!

There were nine attacks in total, and each successive attack was more powerful than the previous one. The ninth attack consumed two percent of Demon Blade Knight’s godly body. Now eight percent of Demon Blade Knight’s godly body had been consumed.

“What?” Demon Blade Knight was terrified. He glared at the Golden Horned Beast. “His godly body isn’t weakened at all?”

Howl!

The Golden Horned Beast howled and shook his wings. His wings tried to strike Demon Blade Knight again.

Demon Blade Knight was in a fluster now. “The technique in his attack is only mediocre,” he said. “Apparently, his law comprehension is not deep enough to drive the third form of a senior true treasure armor! Besides, I have a senior true treasure godly blade, and I just performed the ultimate technique I’ve perfected an eternity in the Land of Extremis. Even a universe overlord with a senior true treasure armor should be severely injured.”

Hong!

The Golden Horned Beast dashed toward Demon Blade Knight again.

“Demon Blade Knight, I already told you…!” the Golden Horned Beast shouted. “Let’s see who will die!”

Demon Blade Knight’s eyes glinted with fear as he finally understood the Golden Horned Beast’s plan.

“Damn it.”

Demon Blade Knight tried to fly away.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Under the pressure of the golden waters, he wasn’t able to fly fast enough! The Golden Horned Beast was 100 times faster than him, and he caught up with Demon Blade Knight instantly.

“Even if my godly body only has 42 percent left, it’s a godly body with 600 million times that of a sector lord! It’s millions of times stronger than yours! Besides, my Force Armor is a pinnacle true treasure! Even if you have a senior true treasure blade, and even if your technique is powerful, the Force Armor can weaken it to 1/10,000th… I might not be able to kill you! But I can slowly consume your body! You can’t even run away under the influence of Nine Tiger River! You can only die!”

The Golden Horned Beast howled. Demon Blade Knight had lost all his pride and only wanted to fly away.

Ce Tian Knight and Feather Dark Horde Leader both understood what was happening, and they immediately left the domain of Nine Tiger River.

“Quick! Go!” said Ce Tian Knight. “Go!”

“What a terrific Golden Horned Beast…” Feather Dark Horde Leader said in amazement.

“The technique he used to defend against us was clumsy,” Ce Tian Knight said. “It was like a technique from a secondary universe knight. I thought his true treasure armor only reached the second form, and I thought there was no doubt that Demon Blade Knight’s ultimate technique would severely injure that Golden Horned Beast… But neither of us was correct. Demon Blade Knight’s godly body was sharply weakened, but that Golden Horned Beast’s godly body didn’t change at all!”

Both Feather Dark Horde Knight and Ce Tian Knight were thrilled.

“He’s dead,” Ce Tian Knight said.

“Demon Blade Knight’s definitely going to die,” agreed Feather Dark Horde Knight.

Feather Dark Horde Knight and Ce Tian Knight exchanged eye contact. Both of them knew now that the Golden Horned Beast couldn’t be killed. Demon Blade Knight couldn’t run away under the pressure from the domain type true treasure. If he kept burning his godly body, his godly body would keep being weakened… And he would fall at some point! But if Demon Blade Knight stopped burning his godly body, he would be 1,000 times weaker, and Nine Tiger River would be able to keep injuring him… Demon Blade Knight would die no matter what!

Demon Blade Knight transmitted his voice reluctantly. “Golden Horned Beast, spare my life, please.”

“No chance!” The Golden Horned Beast roared. “Wait for your demise!”

“You’re pushing me!” Demon Blade Knight was infuriated.

“Yes, I am! Weren’t you trying to kill me? Your law comprehension is indeed deeper than mine, but you’ll die anyway!”

The Golden Horned Beast kept charging Demon Blade Knight, who had no way to escape under the pressure from Nine Tiger River. This was what made domain type true treasures so precious. This one could trap the enemies when the user was at an advantage, help the user get away when he was at a disadvantage, and slaughter weaker opponents all at once.

“You, you, you…!” Demon Blade Knight roared in exasperation.

“Wait for your death,” the Golden Horned Beast said and kept charging.

Even if Demon Blade Knight was many times better at fighting than the Golden Horned Beast, his godly body was being weakened continuously. But he didn’t dare stop burning his godly body, as if he did, his defending power would tumble. His godly body would then be consumed even faster.

60 percent… 50 percent… 40 percent…

His godly body kept being weakened, and so did his power. And as he lost his power, his godly body was consumed more quickly.

“Golden Horned Beast!” Demon Blade Knight roared. “If I’m resurrected by turning back time, I’ll become a universe master and kill you!”

“Then I’ll kill you again!” the Golden Horned Beast bellowed. “Remember, it’s me who’ll kill you… Don’t look for the wrong one! Unfortunately, you’re a universe overlord. Perhaps it will be difficult to resurrect you.”

“Just—just wait for it!” Demon Blade Knight shouted.

He was from Nine Territory Alliance, and there wasn’t a universe supreme master in that alliance. Once a universe overlord was killed… the Nine Territory Alliance would need to ask for help from other powers or some lone universe supreme masters, which would be costly. Demon Blade Knight wasn’t sure whether the Nine Territory Alliance would be willing to pay the price.

32 percent…! Demon Blade Knight could feel his godly body being weakened, and he got more infuriated. If he didn’t self-destruct, he would be knocked out, and his soul might be controlled. But if he did self-destruct, he would die. And perhaps he would remain dead forever.

“I’ll definitely die if I don’t self-destruct, but at least I might still have a chance if I do so,” he said.

“Goddamn you, Golden Horned Beast!” Demon Blade Knight roared. “Ah!”

Hong!

Demon Blade Knight blew himself up with a cry. The energies from the explosion swept across Nine Tiger River and annihilated it after producing tumbling waves.

“Humph,” the Golden Horned Beast said, looked at it coldly. “I was planning to have a conversation with you, but you insisted on robbing me. Unfortunately for you, your valuables are mine now.”

He waved his hands. The two valuables flew toward him. They were a green armor and a jade true treasure godly blade.

“He only had two true treasures?” The Golden Horned Beast took the true treasures.

Ce Tian Knight and Feather Dark Horde Leader witnessed what happened and sighed. A universe overlord had just died.

Hua! Hua!

The waves were churning, and the Golden Horned Beast stepped on the waves and transmitted his voice, saying, “Ce Tian Knight, Feather Dark Horde Leader, are you still going to be my enemies?”


Chapter 1059: Star Tear Gold

Ce Tian Knight and Feather Dark Knight looked at one another and communicated their thoughts through their gazes. They were a little fearful of this Golden Horned Beast, but it was only a feeling. After all, they were far away, so Golden Horned Beast’s Nine Tiger River would not be able to exert its power over them. Without the oppression of Nine Tiger River, they would be able to accelerate easily to a speed 100 times of the speed of light of the Universe. Then Golden Horned Beast would never be able to give chase. But who would be willing to live like a homeless dog always on the run?

“We had no intentions of becoming your enemy, but Demon Sword Knight was so bent on killing you that we could only act according to his wishes,” Ce Tian Knight said in his elderly voice.

Golden Horned Beast looked at the two faraway figures, and with much vigor, he inquired, “Would you be able to tell me how you got here? This Land of Extremis. How well do you know it?”

Feather Dark Horde Leader’s spine-chilling voice said, “Since time immemorial, many great beings have fallen into this Land of Extremis. The majority were on adventures in secret regions but were accidentally transported here. There is a long list of ways how one can be transported here. There are also great beings who were drifting through the universe when they were suddenly swallowed by the seemingly normal starry sky, only to arrive here at the Land of Extremis.”

“There is no regular pattern,” Ce Tian Knight continued in his elderly voice.

Golden Horned Beast remained silent. After a moment of silence, he asked, “Has anyone made it out before?”

“Feather Dark Horde Leader, Demon Sword Knight, and I do not have other bodies,” Ce Tian Knight. “Once we entered Land of Extremis, if we were to self-destruct, our bodies would be disintegrated to naught. That is why we do not know anything about the outside world… We knew that Cang Hua Knight, with his ability to divide his body, had one of his bodies in the outside world and the other in the Land of Extremis. That was when his body in the outside world realized that there were great beings in the Land of Extremis who also had bodies in the outside world.”

“Cang Hua Knight?” Golden Horned Beast said. “Where is he?”

“He made a final decision to abandon his godly body, along with a true treasure he had brought here,” explained Ce Tian Knight. “He self-destructed.”

“Are there others being trapped in the Land of Extremis?” Golden Horned Beast asked.

“Yes,” said Ce Tian Knight,

“There are quite a few,” Feather Dark Horde Leader said.

“Where?” Golden Horned Beast asked, watching the pair in the distance.

“They are somewhere in this vast, starry sky, but you want to know where, exactly?” Feather Dark Horde Leader said. “Great beings often drift about and change their locations. We are unable to tell for sure.”

“How big is the Land of Extremis?” Golden Horned Beast asked. This was the question he was most concerned about.

“Land of Extremis has a diameter of close to 100,000 light years,” said Feather Dark Horde Leader. “It resembles an ordinary star sky.” He sighed and continued. “Yet everyone is restricted to flying within this domain of 100,000 light years. Even if one does manage to venture outside of this domain, the result is always to unknowingly be returned to the same place. It is like a maze. We are trapped in here eternally.”

Luo Feng was appalled. A diameter of 100,000 light years? A maze? If it was like a maze, then the great beings must still be exploring. Obviously, they had been flying around for a long time.

“This is like a gigantic prison cell,” said Feather Dark Horde Leader. “We great beings are the prisoners, imprisoned here for life. There is no escape.” Feather Dark Horde Leader looked at Golden Horned Beast. “You are a Golden Horned Beast. You must have the ability to divide your body… If you abandon your true treasure, you can self-destruct and leave.”

Ce Tian Knight added in his elderly voice, “Golden Horned Beast, I advise you to self-destruct. After all, you have another body; if you are trapped in here for all time, you will experience the pain of imprisonment for life. As for your true treasure, so long as you are alive, you will be able to escape from danger alive.”

Roar!

Golden Horned Beast let out a roar that resonated through the entire sky. “Ce Tian Knight, Feather Dark Horde Leader, self-destruction is never an easy choice to make. I will take my leave first.”

Hua!

Golden Horned Beast and his sea of rolling golden waves vanished. A black figure transformed into a ray of light and disappeared quickly into space. He became a ray of light that shot off into the distance and out of sight.

“Demon Sword Knight has fallen,” Ce Tian Knight sighed.

“Who can he blame but himself?” Feather Dark Horde Leader sneered. “He often abused his power and made us his victims. Humph! For him to succumb to Golden Horned Beast, it is just his luck.”

In the starry sky, Mosha body sat cross-legged on a meteorite. He transformed into a beam of light and rode off to roam the starry sky.

“To be able to kill a universe overload…” Luo Feng mused. “Luckily, this is Land of Extremis, where there is no way to contact the outside world and no way to call for help. Otherwise, how would a universe overlord perish so easily?”

Universe overlords were difficult to kill. When an unfavorable circumstance occurred, the first thing one should do would be to escape. Should one not manage to escape, then stalling for time to devise a plan—and immediately calling for help—would be the next step!

If Demon Sword Knight had been fighting against Luo Feng on the original star, the direst situation would be to sustain injuries, and he could count on the other great beings of the Nine Territory Alliance to come to his rescue immediately. But here in the Land of Extremis, there was simply no way to call for help. That was why Demon Sword Knight had to lose his life.

“Among the many universe overlords within my human race, there are some who have yet to kill universe overlords. Yet I have killed one now. Haha…!”

Luo Feng shook his head and laughed. Upon killing Demon Sword Knight, Golden Horned Beast’s godly body had merely fallen below 42 percent to 41.9 percent.

Hua!

Sitting cross-legged on the meteorite, he continued speeding through the star sky.

In the twinkling of an eye, two months passed. In Luo Feng’s God Country, in front of a golden palace in the vast sky above the Remote Ocean, Luo Feng stood up.

“Finally, a success.”

Spending one year or so on training, he had finally managed to accomplish the sixth and seventh volumes of the Nine Volume Manual. Of course, he had his original earthing godly body to thank for that, as its small size helped speed things up… Golden Horned Beast body must still be stuck at the sixth volume—and only at the beginning stage of the sixth volume. Obviously, its massive size would impede the evolution of its godly body.

“Back when I was training for the first five volumes, my godly body genes were 48 times stronger after merging with 100 blood river crystals. By default, blood river crystals should generate an increase of 100 times, but it seems like the more I advance, the more the multiplying effect starts to gradually weaken… Now, I have only achieved an increase of 3,000 times. I am now going to work on two more volumes. My godly body is around 9,800 times stronger. There is no attaining the perfect gene level.”

Luo Feng sighed. The blood river crystals would no doubt help to increase his life gene level, yet for his original earthling body, the increment—in theory and in actuality—did not correspond to 100 percent.

The first seven volumes of the Nine Volume Manual had brought his genes up 192 times… but with 100 blood river crystals, there was only an increase of 50 times more.

“9,800 times,” he said. “Out of all the unique life-forms that were unique in the universe, there were only a few who could get this strong. I should be satisfied. Moreover, there is still the eighth volume. And the ninth! I don’t believe that even after I reach the ninth volume I will still be unable to attain the perfect gene level. And my Golden Horned Beast body can take this opportunity to reach the perfect gene level in one stroke.”

Luo Feng had not lost hope. Golden Horned Beast body had already exceeded 6,000 times previously! The sixth and seventh volumes were strong, and the blood river crystals were compatible with Golden Horned Beast. So long as there were no accidents, he would be able to attain the perfect gene level.

“That is when Golden Horned Beast will become invincible. At least by that time I would be able to put my incredible talent technique ‘I Am the Universe’ to good use.” Luo Feng could not wait for that day to come. Calculating the time required, he estimated that Golden Horned Beast would take at least 100 years to complete the sixth and seventh volumes.

“Well, it is only 100 years. It will pass in the blink of an eye.”

In the vast, starry sky, black-robed Luo Feng sat cross-legged on the meteorite. It felt like he was moving very fast, but in contrast with the vastness of the sky, he might as well have been casually strolling.

Hua!

Suddenly, countless space ripples were seen.

“What?”

Luo Feng, sitting on the meteorite being driven by inertia, went right through the layer of ripples. There were no obstructions in his way, yet the moment his godly body grazed the ripples, he felt an intangible force brush past his godly body and permeate his world ring. There, it grazed his Golden Horned Beast godly body.

It was unstoppable. He had been completely grazed by the ripples.

The feeling that he got when being grazed by the ripples was unbearable. It felt like layers of knives slashing his godly body. When he made it past the layer of ripples, his Mosha body was left with only 30% of its godly being.

“Such frightening space ripples. What exactly is that? This… this starry sky has changed?”

Luo Feng was shocked to discover that after passing through the ripples, the space before him was completely different. The sky before had been like any other in the universe, where the distances between the stars were generally far, and the star traveler levels were average. Yet on this side of the sky, it had a beauty that was out of this world. The distance between stars was nearer. Together, they were connected to depict a beautiful picture.

Luo Feng was vaguely aware that the countless planets combined to paint a picture that contained some form of secret law engravings.

“A hidden starry sky exists in the Land of Extremis?” Luo Feng wondered aloud.

Sitting on the meteorite, he cruised along at a leisurely pace, and soon, he was nearing the first star traveler level, which was the one closest to him.

He was approaching a khaki-colored planet that appeared ordinary. But Luo Feng faintly sensed something…

“This khaki-colored planet with no signs of life and a diameter of 13,000 miles… Star Tear Gold! It actually contains the mineral veins of the Star Tear Gold!”

Luo Feng’s face turned pale. Looking at the star traveler level without any living beings, he was shocked.

“What an impressive energy reserve. If I were to swallow this star, my Golden Horned Beast’s massive godly body would be able to recover to 80 percent.”

Luo Feng could not help feeling incredulous.

Star Tear Gold, although it was only a G-grade metal, was unique… It was said that when a great star level collapsed to become a black hole, it would produce a piece of metal: Star Tear Gold. Star Tear Gold was, hence, a product of the tearing of the star level. Although it was only a G-grade metal, its functionality made it very precious.

Luo Feng had yet to come across such a thing, where a precious metal could form mineral veins that occupied almost an entire planet! Even the godly body of a universe overlord as big as 600 miles, upon swallowing this star, would be able to recover to 80 percent.

Hua!

Luo Feng disappeared in an instant, and Golden Horned Beast appeared.

Sou!

Golden Horned Beast flew off the meteorite and sped toward the khaki-colored planet.

A moment later, when he was about to arrive at the khaki-colored planet, Golden Horned Beast chanced upon another golden planet that that was quite close by. Casually, he exerted his godly power, and what he sensed gave him a shock.

“What? That golden planet contains Void Rock mineral veins. What an alarming reserve! In terms of value, it is definitely comparable to the Star Tear Gold of this planet.”

Hong!

Golden Horned Beast landed on the khaki-colored planet, raised his head to look at the countless planets, and decided, “I shall investigate these two planets, they have precious mineral veins. And this mysterious space has countless planets. Does it mean that all of them contain precious mineral veins?”


Chapter 1060: Space God Mountain

Silence.

It was dead silent in this mysterious space, and the Golden Horned Beast was the only living creature here.

“No matter what, I’ll recover my godly body first. I can only better handle the danger when I become stronger.”

The Golden Horned Beast was suddenly enlarged, and he became 60,000 miles long. He floated above the space, and the space only had a diameter of 12,000 miles. The Golden Horned Beast was much larger than the planet.

“Inherited technique, ‘Swallow’!”

The Golden Horned Beast opened his mouth, and the space around the planet was completely twisted. He was able to swallow the entire planet if he wanted, but he felt like it would be a waste if he just destroyed a star filled with Star Tear Gold. He controlled how fast he swallowed the Star Tear Gold. Masses of Star Tear Gold flew out and went into the mouth of the Golden Horned Beast. His gaping mouth swallowed the gold like a black hole.

Star Tear Gold and rocks kept being absorbed by the Golden Horned Beast, and the gold godly power kept recovering the Golden Horned Beast.

After a short while, half of the Star Tear Gold was swallowed by the Golden Horned Beast, and his godly body recovered to 60 percent. “I’ll go to another planet,” he said.

The Golden Horned Beast flew to the closest planet and started to swallow the void rocks floating in space. He finished half the void rocks. He started to go to the third planet…

And found that on the third planet was the precious “Bright Barium Swallowing Crystal Lake.” Bright Barium Swallowing Crystal was a black, liquid metal like mercury. There were three enormous lakes on the third planet, making up 90 percent of the planet. The Golden Horned Beast finished an entire lake, and his godly body was completely recovered.

“Incredible.” He floated around the third planet and gazed out into space. “I can sense the precious substances in the fourth planet… There’s some more! There are twelve planets in the galaxy, and there might be valuables on every planet.” The Golden Horned Beast gazed in the distance. “What about other galaxies?”

The galaxies were all close to each other. The images that were formed amazed Luo Feng; the space was like an enormous engraving in the sky.

Though it was mysterious and beautiful, it was quite boring here. There were no other creatures. The Golden Horned Beast flew to the fourth and fifth planets and started to inspect them… He wanted to dig out the secrets in this space.

Hong!

A powerful force emanated from the planet third closest to the star, and the force permeated at a speed of 20 million miles per second. After a short while, the Golden Horned Beast on the planet fifth closest to the star was alerted.

“Godly power! It’s very strong. It must be coming from a universe knight.”

The Golden Horned Beast raised his head and looked to the planet third closest to the star. He waved his wings and flew toward it. As he sped up, he saw another towering being flying toward him.

The Golden Horned Beast kept his godly body at 60,000 miles long. Another being with a godly body 60,000 miles long was flying toward him.

“This… This is…”

The Golden Horned Beast looked at the universe knight of other race in surprise. He was a being with black scales and six gigantic hooves —a space beast known as a “Tremble.” Trembles were at the second highest level among space beasts, only beneath the twelve pinnacle bloodlines.

The Golden Horned Beast and the Tremble were flying toward each other.

“Golden Horned Beast,” said the Tremble.

“Tremble,” the Golden Horned Beast replied.

They met each other halfway.

“Why are you also here?” the Golden Horned Beast asked.

“Because of you,” the Tremble growled. “I’m here under the orders of the Space Beast Alliance to receive you. Come with me.”

“What?” The Golden Horned Beast was dazed.

Luo Feng was completely bewildered. He had assumed that this space beast was also trapped in the Land of Extremis, but it sounded like he was here to retrieve him.

“Does this space belong to our Space Beast Alliance?” the Golden Horned Beast asked.

“Of course.” The Tremble nodded his head, which was covered in armor. “This space is used by our alliance to cultivate precious materials. I know that you’ve swallowed some mineral veins. They belong to our alliance, and they’re off-limits to individuals. But relax. The alliance won’t punish you, as you don’t know the rules. Besides, you’ve been wandering in the universe for so long and just came back. Our alliance won’t punish those of the same race.”

The Golden Horned Beast blinked. “So, that’s what the Land of Extremis is?”

“Yes. This is the space controlled by the greatest being in the Space Beast Alliance: ‘Ancestor.’ It’s the holy grail of all us space beasts,” the Tremble said. “Ancestor is one of the greatest beings in the universe, and he changed the operation law in this space.”

“Ancestor.” Luo Feng quickly inferred that the Ancestor was a universe supreme master. “We’re still in the original universe?”

“Yes,” the Tremble explained. “However, the space is isolated from the outside! Only those wormholes can be utilized for transportation. To keep other races out, there are two areas: outer space and inner space. The outer space is the area where the other races are trapped in for an eternity. As for the inner space, it’s hidden inside the outer space. You must’ve broken the space ripples before you got in. Only space beasts are able to get in without being killed. The other races aren’t even able to find this place, not to mention enter it.”

The Golden Horned Beast understood everything now. Land of Extremis was only the periphery of the sanctuary of the Space Beast Alliance.

“How did you get in?” the Golden Horned Beast asked. “Neither teleportation nor God Country Transportation is allowed here. How did you get here?”

“We space beasts rarely come here because we’re usually at the center of the space, the center of the sanctuary of our alliance, Space God Mountain,” the Tremble said. “I’ve got an order to receive you, and that’s why I was transported to that planet. One planet in every galaxy in this space has a wormhole inside, and they all lead to Space God Mountain.”

“There’s a wormhole in every galaxy?” The Golden Horned Beast was shocked.

“That’s right,” the Tremble said. “Ancestor is almighty, and it’s easy for him to create wormholes. Let’s go. The supreme beings in the Space Beast Alliance are waiting for you.”

“Okay.”

Sou! Sou!

The two towering beings flew toward the planet third closest to the star. The Tremble reduced his size to 60 miles long.

“Golden Horned Beast, can you make your godly body smaller?” the Tremble said.

“Sure.”

The Golden Horned Beast became 60 miles long, matching the size of the Tremble. They flew toward the planet while talking. Then they shrank to several feet long and entered the center of the planet.

“This is the wormhole,” the Tremble said. “We can get to Space God Mountain through it.”

“Let’s go,” the Golden Horned Beast answered expectantly.

He looked at the space whirlpool in front of him. It had a diameter of only a few dozen yards.

The Tremble and the Golden Horned Beast flew into the space whirlpool.

It was a vast space containing numerous space whirlpools. All the whirlpools had a diameter of dozens of yards. However, there were too many of them, and one couldn’t see the end of the space. At the center of those whirlpools was a towering mountain.

The Golden Horned Beast and the Tremble exited the space whirlpool at the same time.

“This…” The Golden Horned Beast was shocked by the scene before him. The space whirlpools were dispersed throughout this space, surrounding the gigantic mountain like flowers.

A black mountain! It was a mountain several light years tall—a gigantic mountain that could rival Star Tower and the Five-Color Aurora Lake. The black mountain was floating. He could sense the dimming force, and there were some space beasts flying around.

“See, the supreme beings of our alliance, universe masters, and the greatest Ancestor… They all live there!” the Tremble growled, and his eyes glinted with pride. “This is the sanctuary of our alliance, Space God Mountain!”

The Golden Horned Beast was amazed.

“There are countless great beings in Space God Mountain, as well as countless valuables and inheritances,” the Tremble growled. “It’s got everything, and it’s even connected to the universe. It’s a universe that only belongs to us space beasts.”

“A universe?” the Golden Horned Beast gasped in astonishment.

“Yes,” the Tremble answered proudly. “A universe! A universe that only belongs to us! Go! Go to Space God Mountain! Every space beast vagabonding in the universe needs to go to Space God Mountain. As long as you’re recognized by Space God Mountain, you’ll be one of us! The mountain will eliminate any other races… After all, some space beasts have had soul transfer done on them. It’s difficult to differentiate, but nothing can be hidden in Space God Mountain.”

No…! The Golden Horned Beast was terrified.

“Go, ” the Tremble urged him, looking at the towering mountain. “There are several universe masters waiting for you. See? Great beings are coming to receive you.”

More than ten powerful Golden Horned Beasts flew toward him from afar, emanating a powerful energy.

“They’re the great beings of you Golden Horned Beasts,” said the Tremble.


Chapter 1061: Golden Horn Master

Luo Feng had roamed the universe for close to 100,000 years, but this was the first time he had come across other golden horned beasts. It was also unique that ten of them were universe knights.

The dozen enormous golden horned beasts approached at high speed, their resounding voices were transmitted loud and clear.

“Brother.”

“Welcome home, my brother.”

“Our brother who has been roaming the universe! Welcome home.”

The Golden Horn Beast version of Luo Feng, along with his companion, “Tremble,” had no choice but to also approach them.

Tremble said in a low voice, “I have fulfilled my orders in bringing him here. Now that all of you are here, I will hand things over to you.”

“You may leave.”

“Leave it to us.”

“We will take care of everything,” the dozen golden horned beasts said in unison.

Tremble nodded slightly and smiled at Golden Horn Luo Feng before he transformed into light and took off. Golden Horn Luo Feng was then surrounded by the group of golden horned beasts who were all quite warm and friendly. They had all roamed the universe as loners for a long time before being invited into the Alliance. And so, these seniors were sincere and compassionate toward a member of their own kind who had just returned to join the team.

“I am Fan Knight.”

“I am Mountain Engraving Knight.”

“I am Mercapto Gold Knight.”

Each golden horned beast introduced itself. Every name was very different, as these golden horned beasts all had their fair share of life encounters. As they roamed the universe, they had chosen names to identify themselves. It was nothing uncommon, as knights often had different names.

Facing the group of golden horned beast knights who were all oozing with enthusiasm, Golden Horn Luo Feng could only reciprocate. “I am Golden Feng Knight,” he said.

“Haha, Golden Feng Knight! Welcome home! It is very rare for someone to only return to Alliance for the first time after attaining the universe knight level.”

“To be able to cultivate yourself independently to attain the universe knight level, Golden Feng Knight, my brother, your talent is impressive.”

“With the help of our Alliance, you will become stronger.”

Golden Horn Luo Feng listened on, replying with occasional responses. Inwardly, he was enjoying himself in this atmosphere. These golden horned beasts were supposedly cold and murderous, yet their so-called “murderous” nature was only displayed against hostile races. When they met with other space beasts, they were warm-hearted and affectionate; when they met with their own race, they would feel an even stronger cordiality for one another, as they all shared the same bloodline.

Rumor has it that the Space Beast Alliance is very mysterious, thought Luo Feng. Internally, they are all very united. No wonder. Golden Horn Luo Feng gave a discreet sigh. They have been alone for too long, so when they meet their own race, every one of them will treat each other like kin.

“Let’s go, go, go. Universe Master must be getting impatient.”

“Let’s talk no more.”

“We should hurry back.”

The dozen golden horned beasts led the way for Golden Horn Luo Feng, and one could see a group of golden horned beasts roaring at one another as they ascended into the star sky. Then they took off for the faraway Space God Mountain.

Golden Horn Luo Feng and the dozen golden horned beasts cruised through the sky together, but he was secretly worried.

Based on what Tremble told me, in Space God Mountain, everything hidden will be exposed. Will I be exposed too?

Luo Feng was also aware that this territory of the Space Beast Alliance was under the control of its noblest being: Ancestor. But there was no backing out now!

“Mercapto Gold Knight,” said Golden Horn Luo Feng as they flew in midair. “If I were to meet our universe master, which universe master would it be?”

“There are a number of universe masters who are curious about you,” one of them answered. “But, first and foremost, you must meet the two universe masters who are of the same bloodline as us, the golden-horned beasts. They are Golden Horn Master and Xuan Mie Master.”

“Two of them?” Golden Horn Luo Feng was surprised.

“We golden horned beasts have a bloodline that is characterized by strong capabilities,” Fan Knight said proudly. “For the 12 pinnacle bloodlines, every one of them only has one universe master. But our golden horned race… We have two! Golden Horn Master is the most senior universe master of our golden horned race, while Xuan Mie Master is a newly-appointed universe master who has become a universe master 1,000 centuries ago.”

Golden Horn Luo Feng listened obediently. As they flew, they engaged in conversation while maintaining a speed that was 100 times the speed of light. Very quickly, they arrived at their destination, the vast and boundless Space God Mountain.

“Space God Mountain…”

Golden Horn Luo Feng gazed at the mountain attentively, but all he could see was a boundless mountain covered with pitch-black stones. It was not ordinary black but rather a hue that resembled a black hole, exuding a sense of emptiness. It was as though every stone represented a black hole… Space God Mountain was extensive beyond description, and it was divided into numerous domains. Constructing so many of these gigantic godly palaces would have been more tedious than constructing the godly palaces for humans.

“Space ripples?” It was the first time Golden Horn Luo Feng felt a space ripple here.

“Places with space ripples allow one to teleport,” one of the golden horn beasts answered. “This is how Ancestor enables us to get to different places quickly. However, there are many restricted lands that do not have space ripples.”

“Follow me.”

“We’re going to the palace of Golden Horn Master.”

The dozen golden horned beasts led the way with great enthusiasm as they flew in the sky of Space God Mountain. Space God Mountain towered at a height of countless light years… Even the huge body of a golden-horned beast, when compared to the Space God Mountain, was like comparing an earthworm to a star.

Sou!

Sometimes they teleported, but sometimes they advanced normally. This pattern went on for six minutes, and finally, they arrived at a towering, gigantic palace hall engraved with countless golden horned beasts’ embossments. This palace was around 60 million miles high. It emitted an intimidating vibe, which led Luo Feng to a verdict instantly… This should be a flying-palace type true treasure.

“This is Golden Horn Master’s flying-palace type true treasure. Its power is extremely strong,” Fan Knight said.

“Proceed. Let’s go in.”

There were several undying golden horned beasts flying and playing with one another in the open square before the palace. When they saw Golden Horn Luo Feng approaching, every one of them looked over with eyes filled with curiosity. Everyone knew the number of golden horned beasts in the Space Beast Alliance was small; practically everyone knew each other. But no one knew this newcomer brought in by the dozen golden horned beasts knights.

The undying golden horned beasts conversed among themselves in hushed tones.

“Could it be his first time coming to the Alliance?”

“He just got escorted in here?”

“The aura of his godly body is so strong. It is stronger than the godly bodies of many other universe knights.”

On the other hand, Mercapto Gold Knight, Fan Knight and the other golden horned beast knights led Luo Feng straight to the doors of the palace. This might be Golden Horn Master’s palace, but there were no guards at the doors.

“Come on in, my child,” a booming voice came from inside.

Golden Horn Luo Feng felt the tremors running through his veins. He obeyed… He suspected the voice would be that of Golden Horn Master. Golden Horn Master was the oldest and most senior universe master of the golden-horned beast race, so it was understandable for him to call the younger ones who were returning to the race his “children.” After all, Luo Feng was much younger by unknowable centuries.

“Go in.”

“Move.”

Fan Knight and the others went in with Golden Horn Luo Feng. Four hooves took great steps as they made their way into the spacious godly palace. Their footsteps were very fast; they could cover at least one million miles per second. They advanced straight to the center of the palace and stopped.

“We’re here to pay our respects, Golden Horn Master and Xuan Mie Master,” Fan Knight and the dozen other golden horned beasts said, greeting them respectfully.

“I’m here to pay my respect, Golden Horn Master and Xuan Mie Master,” Golden Horn Luo Feng said, followed suit. Then he lifted his head and saw that high above stood a towering golden horned beast with gigantic wings covered with scaled armor.

This was a most intimidating being, with an aura that could be likened to an endless universe. The being was looking down at him. On its left stood another golden horned beast. It wore dark red armor. The basic features of a golden-horned beast would be to have five sharp claws, but this beast in dark red armor sported an extremely long and golden middle claw. As it looked down at Luo Feng, there were indistinct traces of an endless whirlpool, as though its gaze could have annihilated the universe in a fleeting moment. Luo Feng immediately concluded that this noble being in the dark red armor was the newly appointed universe master known as Xuan Mie Master.

“Fan Knight, you all may take your leave,” Golden Horn Master ordered in a measured pace.

“Yes,” said the dozen golden horned beasts as they bowed in respect and flew off together.

In the great hall, there remained only Golden Horn Luo Feng and the two universe masters: Golden Horn Master and Xuan Mie Master.

Golden Horn Master looked down and exclaimed in a resounding voice, “What a strong godly body! For you to have roamed the universe alone and achieved what you have now… That is quite unexpected.”

“You are even comparable to quite a number of universe overlords,” said Xuan Mie Master in a voice that was gentler.

Golden Horn Luo Feng listened submissively. On the surface, no one could tell that he was undying. Firstly, his godly body was indeed strong; secondly, the space law took metal, wood, water, fire, and earth as the upper law, so he was considered a space knight. Godly bodies could easily manifest themselves into any one of the five elements—metal, wood, water, fire, or earth—or even manifest into complete space. As for golden horned beasts, most would normally manifest their space godly powers into the gold element.

“To achieve the level you are at, all by yourself, you are indeed outstanding,” Golden Horn Master said with joyful eyes. “I was discussing with the other universe lords about how we could carry out some unique training for you. With the Alliance’s guidance, you have high hopes of becoming a universe master.”

Xuan Mie Master, standing beside Golden Horn Master, began to laugh. “Haha! If you become a universe master, then the Golden Horned Beast legacy shall have three universe masters. We will be ranked first on the Twelve Lineages, alongside Qiu He Beast.”

Qiu He Beast… One of the Twelve Pinnacle Lineages.

Luo Feng listened attentively. Inwardly, he sighed…

If I made it this far without any great beings’ guidance, then the elaborate training that the Space Beast Alliance could provide would certainly raise my chances of becoming a universe master! No wonder the Space Beast Alliance is giving me so much attention. What a pity… I am capable enough to hope to become a universe master, but I am a human! Not a golden-horned beast!

“Space God Mountain houses many inheritances and countless valuables,” said Golden Horn Master. “To boost your blood lineage, godly body amplification technique, or soul amplification technique! All are available.” Golden Horn Master gazed at Luo Feng and continued. “The Ancestral God School’s God inheritance token, the general inheritance token, and even the Beast God inheritance token are certainly available to you, too. Actually, the general inheritance token differs from the other amplification techniques only because it has an additional set of powerful and unique techniques. That’s all.” Luo Feng understood what he was trying to explain. He remembered that the demon note general inheritance token consisted of two aspects: one was the soul amplification type of technique, and the other was the demon note secret technique.

The Hong Alliance also had the godly body amplification technique and soul amplification technique… These required contributions, however, and Luo Feng did have enough to exchange for them. It would require a long time to cultivate and master the techniques, which was why Luo Feng intended to first obtain the fourth black metal board before returning for training.

“Huh?” Golden Horn Master and Xuan Mie Master suddenly turned to look at one another.

Golden Horn Luo Feng also sensed something amiss. He raised his head to look at the two universe masters.

“My child, Ancestor has orders,” Golden Horn Master’s voice resounded loudly. “He beckons you.”

Gold Horn Master moved forward, stepping down from where he had previously stood.


Chapter 1062: Space Beast Ancestor

“Meet the Ancestor?”

Luo Feng was truly terrified. The nine superpowers were classified as superpowers because they had a universe supreme master, like Gigantic Axe Founder within the human race. Although Luo Feng belonged to the human race, he still hadn’t met him. The only universe supreme leader he had met was Zuo Shan Ke. And now, he was going to meet the greatest being in Space Beast Alliance?

Hong! Long!

Golden Horn Master stepped on the floor and walked to Luo Feng’s side.

“Don’t worry, and don’t be scared,” Golden Horn Master said, looking at Luo Feng gently. “There are many universe knights within our alliance, but most of them haven’t met the Ancestor! Yet you are to be received by the Ancestor right after you came back… You’re lucky.”

Xuan Mie Master also walked down. “If Ancestor values you,” he said, “you’ll get many more resources. Ancestor has the greatest power within our alliance.”

“I’m just a bit intimidated,” Golden Horned Luo Feng murmured.

“It would be weird if you were not. Let’s go.”

Then Golden Horn Master constrained Luo Feng by manipulating the surrounding time and space and flew out like a beam of light, followed by Xuan Mie Mater.

Flying, teleporting and flying. Golden Horn Master and Xuan Mie Master led Luo Feng and reached the peak of Space God Mountain after almost 20 minutes. There was an independent mountain at the peak! The mountain was around 60 million miles tall, and it looked blurry. There were countless beast sculptures, including all the races within the space beasts.

There were 12 universe knights guarding the mountain down there, and each of them was from a pinnacle bloodline of space beasts.

“Golden Horn Master, Xuan Mie Master.” The guards gave a salutation and cleared the way. Apparently, they had been informed ahead of time by Ancestor.

Golden Horn Master and Xuan Mie Master were walking in the front, followed by Golden Horned Luo Feng. They walked along a mountain road.

“This is Ancestor Mountain,” Golden Horn Master said slowly. “It’s a terrific true treasure.”

“Indeed, it is,” Golden Horn Luo Feng said. He could feel the energy coming from Ancestor Mountain, which made it difficult for him to even stand up straight. But it made sense, as a true treasure used by a universe supreme master was certain to be mighty. Although it was inferior to Star Tower, it was definitely much more powerful than Thousand Treasures River.

“We must walk on the road. Otherwise, we’ll be attacked. A simple attack from the Ancestor Mountain can kill a universe knight easily, so don’t trespass without permission.” Golden Horn Master instructed Luo Feng as he walked forward.

They arrived at the deep of ‘Ancestor Mountain’ very soon. Golden Horn Master and Xuan Mie Master lowered their heads almost at the same time to show respect.

“Ancestor.”

“Ancestor.”

“Ancestor?” said Golden Horned Luo Feng. He didn’t see him. He looked to the distance, and that was when he saw a dimming soft body showing up slowly. A gigantic head showed up from the mountain. It looked like a dragon’s head, but it was topped with nine horns like crowns.

The head itself was thousands of miles long, and a part of a claw showed up in the forest afar. Luo Feng could see that there were nine toes on the claw. Although he could only see a small part of Ancestor, he speculated that he was tens of thousands of miles long.

“Ancestor,” Golden Horned Luo Feng said, keeping his head low.

Ancestor raised his eyelids and glanced at Luo Feng. “Is this the exceptional talent you deem worthy of our alliance?”

“Yes,” Xuan Mie Master replied respectfully.

“Ancestor,” Golden Horn Master said, raising his head, “although this child just came back, he has an incredibly powerful body. Besides, Flame Star told us before that this child was able to seize a component of Blade River Luo. Though we don’t care about that component, it still shows his power. Hahaha! There shall be a third universe master among us Golden Horned Beasts.”

Golden Horned Luo Feng kept his head low. The component of Blade River Luo? He had exchanged it for Nine Tiger River…

“You two can go back first,” Ancestor said.

“Okay,” Xuan Mie Master reply.

Golden Horn Master asked with thrill, “Ancestor, are you going to train him yourself? He’s an exceptional talent among the golden horned beasts. Don’t fool us!”

“Yes,” Ancestor replied.

Golden Horn Master was exhilarated. He turned his head to Luo Feng and said, “Golden Feng, Ancestor is going to train you himself. You’re fortunate enough to have that. Treasure this great opportunity.”

“Yes,” Golden Horned Luo Feng said, listening carefully.

“Let’s go.”

Golden Horn Master and Xuan Mie Master left.

The giant head of Ancestor stared at Luo Feng. Luo Feng remained standing to one side.

“Impressive of you to kill Demon Blade Knight,” said Ancestor.

Luo Feng understood that Ancestor completely changed the operation law in the Land of Extremis, and naturally, nothing could be hidden from him. He said, “Just luck.”

“Do you really think you can fool me, human?” Ancestor’s voice resounded through in the space.

He was recognized.

“No wonder you’re peerless in the human race,” Ancestor said slowly. “Luo Feng, you’re a human, not a space beast. You cannot attain the resources of my race.”

“I understand.”

Golden Horned Luo Feng went into the world ring, and Mosha body appeared in his place. Ancestor must have known about his Mosha body since the Land of Extremis was under his control.

Luo Feng turned back into his human form and gave a salutation. “Ancestor! I was trapped in the Land of Extremis accidentally, and I couldn’t escape it. I could only wander around, and I was led here. I didn’t mean to deceive you. I did soul transfer on a golden horned beast body when I was weak. Please, forgive me.”

“Your hometown was almost destroyed by a golden horned beast,” Ancestor said. “It was lucky that you did the soul transfer. Indeed, you didn’t mean to come here, so I don’t care about that.”

Actually, before becoming undying, the Space Beast Alliance didn’t care about space beasts no matter what happened to them, and the alliance would only guide them home after they became undying.

Luo Feng was shocked by Ancestor’s insight. Even among humans, only a few knew about what had happened on Earth with the golden horned beast. How did Ancestor know about it?

“You didn’t come here by chance,” Ancestor said slowly. “Instead, you came here because of your master, Zuo Shan Ke.”

Luo Feng was dazed. Zuo Shan Ke?

“Zuo Shan Ke values you more than his second disciple Flame Emperor,” Ancestor said. “He asked me to open the center of my alliance… There’s no need to thank me. If you make efforts, there will be rewards. Your master Zuo Shan Ke has paid a sufficient price.”

Luo Feng now understood that everything had been planned by Master Zuo Shan Ke.

“You’re following the path of beast god,” Ancestor continued. “In the universe, I’m the best at cultivating great beings following the path of beast gods. As for the Ancestral God School… They only know a little about beast gods. Space beasts are the heirs of beast gods.”

“What?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Heirs? Luo Feng had already been baffled at how Golden Horned Beast was able to easily merge with so many blood river crystals and wield the power fully. And now, he knew that space beasts were the heirs of beast gods!

Wow! he thought. A secret! Definitely a top secret in the universe!

“I opened the most important place of my alliance to you,” said Ancestor. “I bet you can understand it.” He looked down at Luo Feng. “However, don’t think it’s easy. Your master has made a requirement, that if you can’t meet the requirement, you’ll be trapped forever.”

Luo Feng blinked his eyes.

“Zuo Shan Ke has a ridiculously high requirement.” Ancestor studied Luo Feng. “In my opinion, you won’t be able to do that. Even after billions of years.”

Luo Feng frowned. This came from Ancestor! A universe supreme master! A universe supreme master knew exactly how many miracles Luo Feng had achieved, and he knew that Luo Feng had only been practicing for less than 100,000 years. However, he still dared to say something like that Zuo Shan Ke’s requirement had was incredibly tough.

“I even bet him that if you can succeed within 100,000 eras, I’ll give you a true treasure series most suitable for those following the beast god path. However, if you fail, your Master will give me a pinnacle true treasure.” Again, Ancestor looked down at Luo Feng. “I can tell from your eyes that you’re determined and confident, and I know that you have always made miracles. However, you’ll be desperate when you know your Master’s requirement. I even think that you’ll be trapped forever. Unless you’re willing to self-destruct and leave.”

Luo Feng clenched his fist.

Just wait and see! Even if you are a universe supreme master, I’ll show you! You’re underestimating me by saying that I can’t succeed within 100,000 eras!

Luo Feng considered for a moment. But on second thought, what challenge has Master Zuo Shan Ke given me that he is willing to risk a pinnacle true treasure and Ancestor is willing to risk a set true treasure?

“Go in,” Ancestor’s voice boomed. “I bet you’re not going to succeed in 100,000 eras.”

Luo Feng disappeared.


Chapter 1063: Beast God Sector

Luo Feng felt the ever-changing nature of time velocity. It was as though he were passing through the universe path leading back to the primal universe.

Hua!

The surroundings zoomed into clarity.

“Where am I?”

Luo Feng looked around and saw towering trees and plants. Those ancient trees were at least 60 miles high.

Sou!

He shot up into the air and hovered above the forest. High up in the sky, he surveyed the surroundings. At first glance, there was a vast plain a distance away from this forest. Within his field of vision, he could only see two vast domains: the forest and the plain. On these two domains, he saw numerous enormous, towering sculptures representing the legendary Eight Natural Beast Gods. Every one of these Natural Beast Gods had its own set of sculptures that were doing various things like sleeping, roaring with their heads raised, playing, and in many other poses…

There were many different types of Natural Beast God sculptures, and each of these had an intimidating presence. It was as if the actual beast gods were present.

“Where am I?” Luo Feng said again. “The Space Beast Alliance’s Ancestor told me that he would grant me access to the Space Beast God Alliance’s restricted land. Is this it?” Luo Feng looked around. “Could this be their restricted land?”

Suddenly, Luo Feng’s face contorted in surprise. “No…! Time velocity!”

He had just connected with his original earthling body via his consciousness, and he quickly realized that there was a huge difference in time velocity between the different spaces the two consciousnesses were in. The magnitude of this difference was overwhelming, and it gave Luo Feng quite a shock.

Merely one second in the primal universe had gone by, yet Luo Feng had spent a good 100,081 seconds here, meaning to say that the ratio of time velocity was an alarming 1:10,081.

“How is that possible? How can the ratio of time velocity be so exaggerated?” Luo Feng found it unbelievable. “That means that spending 10,000 years here would only be spending one year in the primal universe! Even if I were able to purchase a ‘time palace’ from my human race, the normal ones can accelerate time velocity by ten times or several dozen times.”

Valuables like time palaces could only be made by universe masters who had complete space law comprehension, yet the time palaces created were no different from a place for cultivation. The only difference was that time velocities were much faster in time palaces. Ten years of cultivation in a time palace would equate to something like a month on the outside world. According to what Luo Feng knew, a time palace was very costly. Normal ones that accelerated time velocities by ten or a few dozen times were considered average, but those with acceleration of up to 100 times cost a fortune.

For those with an acceleration of 10,000 times… humans would not possess such time palaces.

an elderly voice resonated throughout the entire place: “Luo Feng!”

Luo Feng turned his head abruptly. In the distance, he saw some black clouds approaching, and the clouds gave off an overbearing force that suppressed the entire world. When these clouds neared him, they transformed into a golden horned beast, and this beast transformed again, now taking the form of an elderly human wearing a white robe and nine sharp horns on its head.

“Ancestor?” Luo Feng asked hesitantly.

“This is my other body,” Ancestor said, stepping out into midair. “The place you are in now is a universe owned solely by my Space Beast Alliance!”

“Another universe?” Luo Feng was taken aback.

He had learned during his chat with Tremble that the Space Beast Alliance owned a universe. Luo Feng found it likely, as the Space Beast Alliance was comparable to the Hong Alliance in terms of capabilities. Since the human race owned the primal universe, it would not be unheard of for the Space Beast Alliance to own one too.

“And here, right in the middle of this universe, is the Beast God Sector,” Ancestor continued, watching Luo Feng. “This is a place specially for training the great beings among beast gods.”

“Beast God Sector?” Luo Feng said.

He gazed into the vast, boundless world, thinking about how intimidating the numerous beast sculptures looked. They exuded a powerful energy that felt much more oppressive than the Xi Luo Duo sculpture had back then.

“This is the actual restricted ground of my Space Beast Alliance,” said Ancestor. “Even the geniuses of my Space Beast Alliance may not have the chance to enter. Your Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest has been very willing when it comes to you. He even approached me personally to ask for my help, but I doubt you will be able to succeed within 100,000 centuries. 100,000 centuries in the Beast God Sector is only 10,000 years on the primal universe.” Ancestor smiled. “One year in one century… I’m afraid you have yet to experience it.”

“Yes,” Luo Feng said. He was full of admiration for this form of time velocity.

“May I ask what request Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest asked of you?” Luo Feng pressed Ancestor for answers. “What do I need to achieve to make it out of here?”

“He gave a simple request.” Ancestor looked at Luo Feng, then revealed, “Defeat me, then you can go out!”

“De… Defeat… you…?” Luo Feng’s eyes widened.

How could he defeat the Ancestor of Space Beast Alliance? Defeat a universe supreme master?

You’ve got to be kidding!

Ancestor smiled. “I will maintain my power and strength at the same level as your godly body,” he said. “My godly body will be using the same strength as yours, so if you are able to defeat a similar godly body such as mine, you are able to make it out of here.”

“How is that possible?” Luo Feng shook his head vigorously. “You are a universe supreme master. Your techniques and methods are all out of this world… Even if a universe master were to be here, he would not be able to do this. Let’s not even mention universe masters at all —another universe supreme master might not even be able to do this.”

“Right. A universe master would not be able to do this,” Ancestor told Luo Feng. “But another universe supreme master would be able to. Because this is only another body of mine… The best he could do would be to suppress a universe master. But to suppress a universe supreme master, this body is not enough.”

“Does that mean I have to become a universe supreme master to get out of here?” Luo Feng shook his head. “Impossible! How outrageous could this possibly be?”

No matter how confident Luo Feng was, he would not dare to say that he could become a universe supreme master within 100,000 centuries! He had not expected Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest to be foolish to such an extent. Regardless of how conducive this restricted land of Space Beast Alliance might be, it did not have the conditions to groom him into a universe supreme master. Moreover, there was certainly no way a universe supreme master could be cultivated!

Cultivation of the beast god path, time space path, and many other such paths could only lead up to the universe master level. This was the limit. There was simply no proper way to become a universe supreme master! If one wanted to become a universe supreme master, the only way was to depend on oneself. This was what Sitting Mountain Guest had told Luo Feng in the past.

“Do not worry,” said Ancestor. “Your teacher has given you a glimmer of hope.” He smiled again.

Luo Feng let out a silent sigh of relief. Maybe the request would not be quite so outrageous.

“When you are at the undying level,” said Ancestor, “I can only utilize the ‘pinnacle technique at a universe master standard.’ When you have attained the universe knight level, I can use the ultimate technique at a universe master standard. When you have become a universe master, that is when I can use my most powerful technique.”

“Whether you are undying, a universe knight, or a universe master, this body of mine will maintain the same level of godly body as yours,” Ancestor reassured him. “I will also act according to the level of your law comprehension. The more it increases, the more techniques I will get to use.”

Luo Feng stood stock-still. The pinnacle technique at a universe master standard?

“Of course,” Ancestor said as if reading his thoughts. “Pinnacle technique… The pinnacle technique I will use is definitely the closest to ‘ultimate.’”

Luo Feng sank into despair. Ridiculous! Simply ridiculous!

He was merely an undying being, yet he had to battle the Space Beast Ancestor? Although Ancestor would only be using a pinnacle technique close to the ultimate technique at a universe master standard, it was nonetheless akin to an ultimate technique.

“Defeat? How could I, a mere undying being, create an ultimate technique of a universe master?” Luo Feng shook his head. “This must be a joke!”

Undying, to create an ultimate technique of a universe master? It was unheard of! Impossible!

If I were to achieve a breakthrough and become a universe knight, then Ancestor would be using the most powerful ultimate technique of a universe master, thought Luo Feng. Judging by Ancestor’s techniques… I’m afraid the most powerful ultimate technique of the universe master level that he will use would be much stronger than that of Primal Chaos City Leader.

Luo Feng could not help sinking deeper into despair. When I have become a universe master, Ancestor will not hold back anymore. He will give it his all. Hopeless.

Upon comparison, being at the undying level would have been more hopeful. As just an undying, he had to create an ultimate technique of a universe master? This must have just been a dream.

Ancestor was still smiling as he continued, “That is why I think you won’t be able to succeed, even if you have eons of time. That is why, when your Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest made a gamble with the stipulation of 100,000 centuries, I was full of confidence that I would not lose the bet. Hahaha…! If you want to achieve this, you have two paths to choose from. One, at an undying level, you can create an ultimate technique of a universe master. Two, you can stay in my Beast God Sector long enough to become a universe supreme master.”

“There are only two paths,” continued Ancestor, “so to become a universe knight or a universe master or anything else, don’t think anymore. The moment you lose focus on trying to increase your law comprehension, the amount of time you will require and use up will continue to accumulate! From undying to pinnacle universe knight, this law comprehension alone will take a long time… making it even less possible for you to succeed within 100,000 centuries. You only have two paths. Either of them is somewhat possible. To become a universe supreme master, there is a trace of possibility. To be an undying being that creates an ultimate technique of a universe master, there is also a trace of possibility.”

Ancestor never lost his smile while talking to Luo Feng. He added, “Of course, it will only be a trace of possibility. I, for one, think that you will not be able to achieve any of these at all. I think you will be trapped in the Beast God Sector forever.”

Luo Feng felt helpless. It was little wonder that Ancestor, who stood high at the pinnacle of the universe, would dare to take up such a gamble. It was no wonder he was so confident.

A trace of possibility? Perhaps. But only on a purely theoretical scale. In reality, the chances might not be more than one out of countless eons.

“Beast God Sector is open to you,” said Ancestor. “You can use it for your cultivation.”

Ancestor gestured to indicate the surroundings. In the distance, Luo Feng could see that the numerous sculptures and part of the plains were glowing brightly. A domain even further away was glowing so brightly that the rays seemed to shoot up into the sky.

“Sculptures, ground, faraway mountains, and cliffs,” said Ancestor. “Some of these have law engravings, and some have secret techniques. There are all kinds of techniques like the godly body amplification technique, soul amplification technique, battle technique, close combat technique, soul attack technique, spiritual force weapon technique… You can have everything you want under the sun. Power levels range from strong to strongest. We even have as many as dozens of sets of ultimate techniques of universe masters. Learn to your heart’s desire.”

“Everywhere in this Beast God Sector is open to you,” Ancestor reiterated with a smile. “You can research every secret technique, develop your talent, and then… create a miracle. Haha! If you want a challenge, I am ready to oblige anytime. Of course, if you do become a universe supreme master, there is no need for a challenge anymore. You have already succeeded. Enjoy looking around. Enjoy learning. I will be waiting for your challenge… Hahaha…! 100,000 centuries. Interesting, interesting…”

Ancestor laughed again, then vanished into thin air.


Chapter 1064: The Only Possibility

Luo Feng landed after Ancestor left. He landed beside a lake and sat down with his legs crossed. He calmed himself down. After which, he opened his eyes and started to think about the challenge.

“Master Zuo Shan Ke paid a huge price to get this chance for me! However, how can I beat Ancestor in any body? By becoming a universe supreme master? That’s too far from me. Creating universe-master-level ultimate techniques?” Luo Feng shook his head. “I have low law comprehension, and it’s barely at universe-knight level. I need law comprehension if I want to create techniques. How am I supposed to create them if I don’t even have that? Even if I use my beast god conception, it’s still only slightly better than my law comprehension.”

Luo Feng shook his head. Law comprehension and beast god conception were the two bases of techniques. He needed to complete the law comprehension. As for beast god conception, he had to at least memorize it.

“Unfortunately, I have both low law comprehension and beast god conception. How is it possible for me to create universe-master-level ultimate techniques?”

Luo Feng looked around.

“Master Zuo Shan Ke arranged for me to be here. Does that mean that the Beast God Sector can help me achieve that?”

Luo Feng got up and flew to the gold beast god sculpture beside him. Gold beast god was the manifestation of space law and gold law, and Luo Feng was following his path.

Hu.

Luo Feng landed in front of a towering gold beast god sculpture. It was a giant lizard with a horn on its head. He had four claws, and the one at top left was tearing the ground. His tail was lashing. There were complex engravings on his scales, and the engravings were different from those on Luo Feng’s beast god.

The engravings made the sculpture tranquil and peaceful, as if the gold beast god were taking a walk with his claw clenching on the ground.

“Huh?” Luo Feng looked at the sculpture, perplexed. “I feel like it must be the law, but why are the engravings different?”

Even after studying it for a while, Luo Feng couldn’t understand it.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew up in the sky and flew to another gold beast god sculpture. After all, gold beast god was the one he was most familiar with.

Another gold beast god sculpture also felt like the embodiment of law, but that gold beast god looked fierce, as if it were about to attack. And the engravings on the scale were also different.

One gold beast god sculpture after another, each one was different— angry, tranquil, joyful, crazy, indifferent, and roaring… The engravings on the scales were different based on their varying emotional statuses. Some of the beast god sculptures were using their claws to attack while others were using their tails or horns… Each part of their bodies seemed to be able to attack.

After he finished checking the many gold beast god sculptures, Luo Feng started to check the thunder beast gods and light beat gods… These sculptures were much more forceful than the ones left by Xi Luo Duo. Luo Feng even felt that those sculptures were in his small sculpture’s class.

“Eight inborn beast gods. Each of them has so many sculptures, and they seem to represent everything about the merge law.”

Luo Feng was amazed. After finishing all the sculptures, Luo Feng started to tour the beast god sector. On the plains, in the ancient trees, on the cliffs, on the peaks of mountains, at the bottom of lakes… There were engraving sculptures everywhere, and he could feel the power coming from the sculptures when he got close to them! Some of them were just basic engravings while some included detailed descriptions of the engravings.

They had been left by many generations of space beasts, strong and weak alike. There were even dozens of sets of universe-master-level ultimate techniques. As for universe-master-level pinnacle techniques and universe-knight-level techniques, these were present in innumerable quantities… Some were about close combat using weapons. Some were about spiritual force weapons. Some were about illusion. Some were about amplification. They dazzled Luo Feng.

“My soul amplification technique is only 32 times,” said Luo Feng. “Although the Golden Horned Beast has an amplification type technique, ‘Deities of the World.’ It is only an elementary technique with the limit of 36 times. Most of the limits in the amplification techniques here are over 80, and some are even over 100.”

Luo Feng was satisfied with those techniques. The more techniques he remembered, the less he needed to work. He could certainly hit the perfect limit in the Beast God Sector.

Of course, techniques didn’t guarantee success. Countless beings received the inheritance of deified generals, but only a few of them could finish it.

Inside the Beast God Sector.

The Beast God Sector was vast. Luo Feng looked in the distance and exclaimed, “The techniques are ingenious! The ultimate techniques of universe masters are indeed unfathomable, and these are the techniques of Primal Chaos City Leader. Unfortunately, I’m somewhat perplexed.”

Even with the explanations, Luo Feng’s law comprehension was so low that he was still baffled. He didn’t understand anything!

“I can’t even understand the ultimate techniques of universe masters with detailed descriptions!” he said. “How am I supposed to make them? Master Zuo Shan Ke, you’re too confident of me!”

Luo Feng felt helpless.

It was, however, a land full of valuables. As he read the conception of inborn beast gods under different sculptures, many of the questions Luo Feng had had for years were solved. He felt that different engravings had varying levels of power. All of them were the embodiment of laws. And all of them contained secrets.

“I think every sculpture is a set of supreme techniques,” Luo Feng murmured. “Besides, there should be connections among the sculptures. I’m just not strong enough to see through them.”

Luo Feng didn’t realize this until he had finished reading the adequate techniques. He soon discovered that most of the creators of the techniques had descriptions at the back that were inspired by the beast god sculptures. These sculptures were exceptional.

“How can I be inspired? Many of those who created these techniques are universe masters!”

Luo Feng shook his head.

“Master Zuo Shan Ke…” he whispered. “You may lose your pinnacle true treasure.”

But suddenly, he had a revelation.

“Wait!”

Luo Feng quickly stood up. “Although Ancestor is incredible, Master Zuo Shan Ke isn’t stupid,” he murmured. “He knows me much better than Ancestor does. If he was confident enough to make that bet, it means I must be likely to succeed. But how?”

There must have been a way, but he couldn’t think of anything.

After three days, Luo Feng still hadn’t come up with anything.

“For what it’s worth, I’ve got 100,000 eras, which equates to a billion years. I don’t need to rush! I’ll just practice the Nine Volume Manual…”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “Yes. I can practice the Nine Volume Manual and let the Golden Horned Beast reach perfect life gene level! Last time, I got the inherited technique ‘I Am the Universe.’ Perhaps I can get another one this time. Even if I can’t, Golden Horned Beast will be able to perform I Am the Universe. The move consumes such a large godly body. Perhaps other ultimate techniques are not as demanding. Besides, it was bestowed through my mind, and that power is much more powerful than universe masters. I Am the Universe is supposed to be an ultimate technique of universe masters!”

Luo Feng rejoiced. Yes, of course! The inherited technique I Am the Universe!

“Ancestor only asked me to defeat his body, but he didn’t forbid me from using inherited techniques.” Luo Feng smiled. “Like that Bark Mirror Emperor who is only undying. His inherited technique is at the universe overlord level. I’ve reached a perfect life gene level, and I Am the Universe is much more impressive.”

“Hahaha…! 100,000 eras?” said Luo Feng. “I don’t need 100,000 eras! 100 years is all I need!”

Luo Feng looked forward to the result. He could sense that his inherited technique I Am the Universe was powerful enough to meet the criteria.

Heng! Heng!

“My Golden Horned Beast will perform I Am the Universe, and then he can definitely beat the Ancestor body who only performs universe-master-level pinnacle techniques.”

Luo Feng gained some confidence. He had read the details of many techniques in the Beast God Sector. Though they were too intricate for him to understand, he felt that I Am the Universe wasn’t weaker than any of them…

Luo Feng started to devote his time to this new pursuit. The tail, claws, wings, back, and head merged with at least 10 blood river crystals, and the amplification could reach 10 times. As for other parts, they had merged with 100 blood river crystals, and the amplification could reach 100 times.

After practicing, the life gene level of the Golden Horned Beast kept being improved.

7,000… 7,500… 8,000… 8,500… 9,000… 9,500…

After finishing the sixth volume, the life gene level of the Golden Horned Beast reached 9,000 times!

“Almost…” said Luo Feng. “Seventh volume!”

The Golden Horned Beast continued with the seventh volume and gradually improved his life gene. Eventually, after 62 years of being in the Beast God Sector, the Golden Horned Beast had reached the perfect life gene level.


Chapter 1065: Accident

Limpid water on the lake was flowing, and fog permeated above it. Luo Feng sat beside the lake with his legs crossed with a six-foot-tall Golden Horned Beast.

Perfect limit. Remote Ocean reached the level before, but when he became a boundless Remote Ocean… The new Remote Ocean body only has a life gene level of 1,000 times. Finally, the Golden Horned Beast body has reached that level.

Luo Feng smiled and waited for the sharp change. Once the life gene hit the perfect level, the body would experience a sharp change. Last time, the universe origin law arrived and led Luo Feng to a mysterious space, after which Remote Ocean body became 55,000 miles tall.

“What?”

Luo Feng frowned.

One second, two seconds… One minute, two minutes, five minutes…

“No change? Why is there no change at all?”

Luo Feng was dazed. His Golden Horned Beast had reached the perfect gene level, yet nothing had happened. There wasn’t any change to his godly body; neither was his mind led to the mysterious place.

Luo Feng stood up.

“Could it be because…?”

His eyes went wide, and his face fell.

Because… he realized. It is another universe here! Instead of the original universe!

Luo Feng knew that he was in a different universe, but the merge laws—gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, light, lightning, time and space—were all the same as those in the original universe. The law techniques were also similar. Universe-level, domain-level, and sector lords were the same in the primal universe as in the original universe.

The original universe was the largest universe. Billions of races resided within it. The primal universe and the universe of the Space Beast Alliance, meanwhile, were much smaller. However, the laws and the cultivation of great beings were the same here. Different universes only had differences in time flow and environment.

Luo Feng had assumed that once he reached perfect life gene level again, the Golden Horned Beast would evolve again! And he might enter the mysterious space in the universe again!

“I was wrong,” he concluded. “There are significant differences between the universes. There is no change at all in the universe of the Space Beast Alliance after reaching perfect life gene level.” Luo Feng shook his head. “What should I do?”

With each passing moment, he grew more and more upset. Although the Golden Horned Beast had reached the perfect life gene level—and quality-wise, he had reached the basic requirement for performing “I Am the Universe”—he still didn’t have enough quantity. A godly body that was more than 55,000 miles tall could only perform that ten times! The Golden Horned Beast was only 600 miles… almost 1/100th of 55,000 miles!

If the Golden Horned Beast body tried to perform I Am the Universe, his godly body might be completely consumed before he could even truly attempt it!

“I can’t use the inherited technique I Am the Universe to defeat the Ancestor body.” Luo Feng frowned. “So what should I do?”

This put Luo Feng in a quandary. His godly body was too small to perform the inherited technique. His only option was to create one. But how was he supposed to create universe-master-level ultimate techniques with nothing but his law comprehension and beast god conception level? It sounded ridiculous.

What should I do? Luo Feng kept thinking, but no answer came to mind.

He was not even a universe knight. How was he supposed to create universe-master-level ultimate techniques? The idea of becoming a universe supreme master? Ridiculous!

Inside the vast Beast God Sector.

At the peak of one of the mountains of a long mountain range sat Ancestor in a white cape. Beside him was an elderly being with transparent horns and wearing a cyan cape.

“Sitting Mountain Guest, it seems that your disciple has run into trouble,” Ancestor said with a smile.

“Don’t worry,” said Sitting Mountain Guest as he looked out into the distance.

Ancestor and Sitting Mountain Guest had put their bodies in the Beast God Sector. After all, it was the universe under Ancestor’s control, just as the primal universe was under Primal Chaos City Leader’s control.

Primal Chaos City Leader was invincible in the primal universe, and in this universe, a body of Ancestor could be invincible with the help of energy from the universe origin. When someone became a universe supreme master, he was able to make a body randomly. As such, Sitting Mountain Guest wouldn’t be trapped in this universe, as he could randomly make a body.

“You’re impressive!” Ancestor exclaimed. “Your second disciple’s life gene level reached almost 10,000 times with your help, and your third disciple has reached the perfect life gene level. You’re much better at cultivating disciples than me, especially when it comes to improving life gene level.”

Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head and smiled. “It’s against the universe operation law, and there’s a huge price to pay… I’m only able to cultivate two disciples.”

Ancestor nodded.

They were unrivaled in the universe; amplification and life gene level meant nothing to them, as they were perfect. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be called universe supreme masters.

“Everyone who reaches the perfect life gene level can be bestowed a gift from the universe origin!” Ancestor exclaimed. “After his godly body reaches the perfect level, his mind can be bestowed with an all-powerful inherited technique! Unfortunately for your disciple… this is my universe!”

Ancestor glanced at Sitting Mountain Guest and continued. “My universe is far inferior to the original universe. I can’t bestow on him an inherited technique or help his godly body evolve.” He sipped at some wine made from dew. “Without an evolved godly body, his godly body is not able to perform the most powerful inherited technique even if he’s bestowed one… Besides, he wasn’t even bestowed with the inherited technique. I might have actually lost the bet if he were in the original universe. But in my universe, I can control all the factors, and the only thing your disciple can rely on is the Beast God Sector!”

“You sound quite confident,” Sitting Mountain Guest said as he sipped the wine. “The wine is good. Could you give me a few bottles later?”

“I made the wine by devoting lots of energy and time by setting numerous special environments.” Ancestor looked at Sitting Mountain Guest and smiled. “Regardless, you’re going to lose a pinnacle true treasure to me. Some wine is the least I can do.”

Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “Remember, old beast god… 100,000 eras! It’s been less than a century. Don’t be too cocky.”

“So, you’re confident?” said Ancestor continued. “Do you think your disciple can become a universe supreme master within 100,000 eras? Or do you think he can create universe-master-level ultimate techniques as an undying fighter? Or do you think he can create universe-supreme-master-level techniques as a universe knight?”

According to the bet, once Luo Feng became a universe knight, Ancestor body could use the ultimate techniques of universe masters! The ultimate technique Ancestor body would use was definitely one of the best among the ultimate techniques used by universe masters. Only universe-supreme-master-level techniques could defeat that.

“The only thing I can tell you,” Sitting Mountain Guest said, “is that my disciple is likely to succeed. Of course, if he fails, that only demonstrates that he’s not strong enough.”

“Likely? What a joke.” Ancestor still refused to believe it.

“100,000 eras equate to only 100,000 years in the original universe,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Just wait and see. Don’t let anyone in during these years. I don’t want anyone to disturb him.”

“Rest assured, I won’t disturb him,” Ancestor said.

“Where’s the wine?” asked Sitting Mountain Guest.

Ancestor waved his hands, and exquisite wine bottles showed up and floated in the sky.

“This is half the wine I have,” Ancestor said.

“I’ll leave now,” said Sitting Mountain Guest, and he took all the wine, gazed for a moment at Luo Feng who was still contemplating, and disappeared.

“Likely?” Ancestor mumbled, looking down. “Sitting Mountain Guest says his disciple is likely to succeed? It is ridiculous if he thinks his disciple can become a universe supreme master! That means he believes that his disciple can create universe-master ultimate techniques as an undying fighter! Humph! I will have witnessed something truly remarkable if Luo Feng succeeds. If he doesn’t, I’ll have a pinnacle true treasure.”

Ancestor smiled, then disappeared also.

Luo Feng sat beside the lake for nine days. He even pondered what his master Sitting Mountain Guest and that Space Beast Ancestor were thinking about. However, he couldn’t come up with anything.

Both Ancestor and Sitting Mountain Guest are universe supreme masters. Their power and horizons are at the top of the universe. Ancestor doesn’t believe that I can do it. But if Master Sitting Mountain Guest made the bet, he must believe that I’ll be able to make it, at least in a billion years.

Luo Feng considered this.

“There’s a reason he has me in Beast God Sector,” Luo Feng muttered. “I need to explore the Beast God Sector.”

Luo Feng understood it. The first place he needed to explore was the Beast God Sector.

Plenty of great beings came to the Beast God Sector, he thought. After all, those techniques were left by the universe masters and universe knights from the Space Beast Alliance. However, those great beings weren’t able to create ultimate techniques for universe masters as undying. Ancestor would only have made the bet if someone succeeded.

Luo Feng nodded. He extrapolated from that that the Beast God Sector was far from enough!

Beast God Sector is the first asset I need to rely on. The second is some of my secrets. And, last but not least, time. Otherwise, Master Sitting Mountain Guest wouldn’t have specified a timeframe of 100,000 eras.

100,000 eras equated to a billion years! It was a very long time…!


Chapter 1066: Miniature Universe

Luo Feng knew that if he wanted to succeed, he needed to start from the Beast God Sector. He was aware that since Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest had paid a hefty price for him to enter this place, there must be something very beneficial for him in this Beast God Sector. Therefore, Luo Feng started looking around the Beast God Sector again—this time doing so very conscientiously and meticulously.

Firstly, on one of the vast plains, he found some technique sculptures where he acquired two types of amplification techniques.

One was a soul amplification technique known as “Nine Peak Lock.” When mastered to perfection, it could bring about a soul amplification of 99.99, which could basically be considered 100 times. The other was a godly body amplification technique called “Golden Beast God.” When mastered to perfection, the amplification could reach 100 times.

Initially, Luo Feng thought it would be very difficult for him to master these techniques. He did not expect to be able to master Golden Beast God from beginning to the end without faltering. It only took him three days to master the technique to perfection! Whether it was his Mosha body, original earthling body, Remote Ocean body, or Golden Horned Beast body, all of these could put this godly body amplification technique to good use.

Nine Peak Lock was about mastering the ultimate control of blurring godly power. It had extremely high requirements of the will and consciousness. However, Luo Feng’s will and consciousness were already at a universe overlord’s standard! As universe overlords were almost perfect in terms of soul amplification, it would be a piece of cake for Luo Feng to master this technique.

Within just one month, he mastered Nine Peak Lock to perfection.

“My blurred godly power, my will, and my consciousness are all of universe overlord standard, so mastering this technique was a breeze,” Luo Feng said to himself.

This was how capability played a part in determining the level of difficulty of mastering techniques. Out of thousands of undying emperors, it was unlikely that even one could have mastered Nine Peak Lock to pristine perfection.

Mastering Golden Beast God took Luo Feng less than a month to master. Thereafter, he continued to look around the entire Beast God Sector.

In the Beast God Sector, there were 64 beast god sculptures. There were Eight Natural Beast Gods, each of which had eight sculptures. There were tens of thousands of secret techniques, 36 ultimate techniques of universe masters, 123 pinnacle techniques of universe masters, over 3,000 ultimate techniques of universe knights, and tens of thousands of pinnacle techniques of universe knights. There was also a large volume of informal law engravings.

These informal secret techniques were mostly incomprehensible; only the thickest and thinnest engravings could be somewhat understood. After researching these techniques for over half a year, Luo Feng came to one of the Golden Beast God sculptures. Raising his head, he scrutinized the sculpture.

“These techniques are useless to me,” he concluded. “These were created by other great beings. Even if I were to learn them, they would still be better suited to others. In my hands, the powers will be much weaker.” Luo Feng gazed at the beast god sculpture. “Many of the techniques I have come across mention that one must be able to comprehend these beast god sculptures to gain understanding. Even universe masters are trying to comprehend these beast god sculptures! In the entirety of the Beast God Sector… the most precious elements are these 64 beast god sculptures!”

Luo Feng studied on.

In the Beast God sector, at the apex of one of its mountains.

Ancestor stood in a casual manner, overlooking the vast forest afar. His eyes came to rest on Luo Feng, who stood before the Golden Beast God sculpture.

“You have actually stood before that golden beast sculpture for more than three years,” whispered Ancestor. “Seems like you have come to realize that these beast god sculptures are my sector’s most precious possessions. That’s right. All the extraordinary geniuses and superior beings that qualified to be part of my Space Beast Alliance realize that these beast god sculptures are the key!”

“There were many who could realize this. However, those who were able to figure out the secret technique—especially to figure out the ultimate secret technique of a universe master level—were extremely few. Also, those who were able to understand the ultimate secret technique of a universe master level were all universe masters.”

Ancestor was carefree and at ease. He knew that there were many techniques in the Beast God sector that seemed precious but were actually worth little. The 64 beast god sculptures were the true treasures that were priceless!

Luo Feng stood before the eight sculptures of the Golden Beast God. Time spent on each sculpture varied. For the shorter periods, he could spend a year or more gaining understanding; for the longer periods, he could spend up to eight years gaining understanding. As for the Thunder Beast God, Light Beast God, and the other beast god sculptures, he spent a much shorter time trying to comprehend them, as ultimately, he would not be traversing along the Beast God path.

The 64 beast god sculptures took him a total of 52 years to study.

“The more I look, the more I feel that… these are perfect! The Golden Beast God and the eight sculptures.”

Luo Feng felt that, after looking at these eight sculptures of the Golden Beast God, he could feel its anger, happiness, tranquility, rage, insanity… All kinds of situations were made familiar to him. Closing his eyes, he felt as though he was looking at the real Golden Beast God.

“The lack of one sculpture would render everything incomplete,” Luo Feng decided with a slight nod.

For any great being, just by looking at the 64 sculptures, there would be a feeling of merging as one with the sculptures! The secret engravings representing the universe path on these 64 sculptures made him feel as though he were becoming one with the sculptures… They could constitute a complete set of super techniques! They evoked a feeling of singularity.

Every great being that has come to the Beast God sector of the Space Beast Alliance could have been able to feel this, mused Luo Feng, but no one can really figure out the ultimate secret technique. Because out of the most powerful 36 types of universe ultimate techniques, some must be acquired through understanding the Golden Beast God, some must be acquired through understanding the Thunder Beast God, and occasionally, one must be able to gain the understanding of two beast gods put together…

Judging from the power these different technique engravings left behind, they all seemed to match each other in strength. Obviously, the level of each technique would be similar. By combining all eight beast god sculptures to create a super-secret technique, this technique should outmatch all the others.

After acquiring two amplification techniques and studying the beast god sculptures, Luo Feng started to study himself as the subject.

“I must succeed,” he said. “First, I have to depend on the Beast God Sector. Second, I must be different from the rest. Third, I need time. I have studied and now understand the Beast God sector thoroughly. As for me… to be considered truly different from the rest, I need something that even generations of supreme beings of the Space Beast Alliance—apart from Ancestor—would not be able to compare to. That could be the Nine Volume Manual, Star Tower, the talent technique ‘I Am the Universe,’ or my endless Remote Ocean.”

Luo Feng analyzed his options. The Nine Volume Manual was one of a kind in the universe. Star Tower was one of the supreme true treasures of the universe. Other than Ancestor, the chances of other beings in the Space Beast Alliance possessing supreme true treasures were very low. Or at least, there were none that Luo Feng knew of.

The talent technique I Am the Universe had been bestowed by the universe for reaching the perfect life gene level. It could be assumed that many special life forms who were powerful and unique might only have reached a life gene level of thousands of times. Those close to tens of thousands of times were a rare sight. Let alone those who had attained perfection. Space Beasts were not special life forms… Unless they possessed techniques such as the Nine Volume Manual, they would never be able to make it this far.

The endless Remote Ocean represented limitless godly power. What a pity that he was in another universe. There was no way he could absorb godly power from the endless Remote Ocean.

In the primal universe, Luo Feng’s original earthling body headed first to Star Tower to study the secret engravings in the sculptures on the countless stars and Sky Pillars… Unfortunately, these were more profound than the ultimate techniques of the universe masters on the Beast God sector. He could not figure them out.

Then he placed the contents of the Nine Volume Manual under scrutiny and studied them with detail. This was a technique solely used for enhancing one’s life gene level. In terms of depth, it was comparable to the secret engravings on the Star Tower, which was far more profound than the ultimate techniques of universe masters. Similarly, he could not comprehend the profound knowledge, so he could only train in a methodical manner.

As for putting his talent technique I Am the Universe to use, Luo Feng and his other bodies were unable to use it unless enemies entered his God Country. Only then would the endless Remote Ocean within his God Country enable him to use I Am the Universe!

“Talent technique—I am the Universe!”

Hong! Long! Long!

At that moment, the endless godly power of ocean water went ablaze to produce limitless energy. In the sky above the endless Remote Ocean, a huge oval-shaped sphere with a diameter of tens of billions of miles appeared—it was a miniature universe!

“A universe?” said Luo Feng. “A miniature universe?”

Luo Feng used his consciousness to enter the miniature universe. He was filled with overwhelming excitement. Since the day he first acquired I Am the Universe, this was his first time using it… According to what was imprinted on his consciousness, when this incomparably magical talent technique was activated, the rate at which his godly power was used up would be alarming. It was almost as though once activated, the godly power of a golden horned beast’s godly body would be completely consumed. Luckily for him, his endless Remote Ocean was extensive enough.

“A miniature universe.”

This vast universe, with a diameter of tens of billions of miles, could contain anything. Within it was only vast nothingness. There was a subtle, chaotic airflow.

This miniature universe was none other than Luo Feng himself!

“How magical,” he said in wonder. “Absolute control… Absolute control.”

The moment he transformed into this miniature universe, Luo Feng grasped the full understanding of his powers. He could divide out part of his godly body in this universe to fight his enemies… and in his own miniature universe, he could transfer the oppression from the outside into the miniature universe. His power would then be greatly increased while his opponent faced stronger suppression.

This was merely one of the attached abilities. The strongest one was…

“Explosion of Universe!”

Luo Feng could not help marveling. He only needed one thought to activate the “Explosion of Universe,” during which his miniature universe would collapse. The magnitude of this power was unbelievable.

“What a transcendental technique!” said Luo Feng. “To think that I possess such a powerful talent technique and can transform into a miniature universe.”

Luo Feng could not help but marvel. At the same time, his consciousness had started to study his miniature universe attentively.

On the thin membrane encompassing the huge oval-shaped sphere, boundless energy took the form of numerous law threads interlacing with one another to form an enormous picture of law engravings that was continuously undergoing transformation into a chaotic airflow. This chaotic airflow then circulated around the enormous picture of secret engravings and coagulated to form the membrane around the miniature universe. The remainder of the airflow would then waft off into the atmosphere and eventually diminish.

The enormous picture of law engravings… This was the basis for how Luo Feng could display his talent technique. But he was completely clueless, as this was the first time he had laid eyes on this picture of law engravings.

The picture of the law engravings transformed into an oval-shaped sphere formed by millions upon millions of law threads interlacing with one another. It was inconceivably complicated, forming the law of revolution of this miniature universe. And the amount of godly power that Luo Feng used would be used to supply this entire miniature universe with energy.

Technically speaking, it was not a real universe. In a real universe, energy was recyclable and should be inexhaustible. But Luo Feng’s energy was continuously used up. Obviously, this picture of law engravings was an extremely simplified version of the primal picture of engravings, which was the truest law of revolution of the primal universe. Yet, even so—it was impressive enough to render Luo Feng tongue-tied.

“It’s too… Too…”

But Luo Feng couldn’t complete his thought. He was completely taken aback by this picture of engravings. Its beauty was astounding. More astounding than any other ultimate techniques; it was even more beautiful than the secret engravings on the numerous beast god sculptures.

Chapter 1067

Luo Feng was filled with amazement. He thoroughly appreciated the intricate and delicate engraving picture of the miniature universe. Time passed, and the godly power consumed in 90 seconds was equal to that of the Remote Ocean body at the height of more than 55,000 miles. However, Remote Ocean body could withstand it easily.

“This… Is this?”

Luo Feng had made the shocking discovery that the engraving picture could be disintegrated, and small engraving pictures showed up after the disintegration. Each of the small engraving pictures was an engraving picture on the 64 beast god sculptures. After the disintegration, 92 small beast god engraving pictures showed up, and many of them were identical. However, they all came from the engraving pictures of the 64 beast god sculptures.

The 92 beast god engraving pictures were like components, making up a single mechanism after being combined. There were countless threads connecting all the pictures, and the connections were natural and perfect, comprising a miniature universe.

“How could this be?” wondered Luo Feng. “64 engraving pictures combined to form an engraving picture of a miniature universe?”

Luo Feng suddenly saw a new door open! If he didn’t know those 64 beast god engraving pictures, the miniature universe engraving picture would be too intricate for him to understand. However, now that he was viewing it as beast god engraving pictures… they were much easier to understand. It was just a combination of 64 engraving pictures.

“Incredible,” said Luo Feng.

He was mesmerized. He had not realized, until now, that there was another way to understand the incredible inherited technique.

Inside the original universe flew an ordinary spaceship.

“This disciple of mine has a Remote Ocean body that has reached the perfect life gene level even before he became undying,” Sitting Mountain Guest whispered in the spaceship. “He must have been bestowed a supreme inherited technique. As for supreme inherited techniques, they hold the top spot among all the techniques in the universe, and all of them are perfect. As for those 64 engraving pictures! They’re the perfect embodiment of eight inborn beast gods. The eight beast gods stand for eight merge laws. Universe operation laws can be classified into gold, wood, water, fire, ground, light, wind, lightning, time, and space… However, they can also be classified into eight merge laws.”

Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. He had already reached the pinnacle level possible in the universe, and he could see everything clearly.

“All of the highest-level techniques can be disintegrated into 64 engraving pictures. As for those that are inferior, they can’t even rival one beast god engraving picture. They do not qualify. Luo Feng is examining those 64 beast god sculptures, and he knows those 64 engraving pictures… Once he performs his supreme inherited technique, he’ll realize the connection between the supreme inherited techniques and the 64 engraving pictures. He’ll start with the engraving pictures and create techniques using those pictures.” He doesn’t even need to understand those engraving pictures, Sitting Mountain Guest thought. All he needs to do is remember those engraving pictures and their structures! And with the engraving picture he got from his own supreme inherited technique… he can totally try that! Once he succeeds, it will be possible for him to create a simplified technique of a supreme inherited technique. And if he can actually succeed, it means he’s a high achiever in engraving pictures. Using those 64 engraving pictures as elements, there were great beings who did that before the Grand Nirvana. If Luo Feng can also accomplish something in that field, and together with his ordinary law training, he’ll make many more improvements. Plus, he is able to better see the origin of the universe.

Sitting Mountain Guest was making a huge bet! No one had succeeded on the path of engraving pictures since the original universe came into being.

The main reason for this was that only a few were qualified to see the 64 engraving pictures. Even those who saw them couldn’t understand them. However… Before the Grand Nirvana, some great beings had succeeded, which meant that the method was possible. Different methods supported each other, but they all led to the same end, the origin mystery of the universe.

You’ve come so far after only 100,000 years, Sitting Mountain Guest thought. And you survived the life-or-death inheritance. Now, I’ll give you a billion years. Let’s see whether you can make some accomplishments on engraving pictures.

Engraving pictures training had always been a secret. After all, the time of the Grand Nirvana was immeasurable, and even before the Grand Nirvana, only a few practiced engraving pictures.

Obsessed… Luo Feng was completely obsessed.

He hadn’t expected those 64 engraving pictures to form such an incredible technique! He had always thought that “I Am the Universe” was so powerful and intricate that he couldn’t possibly understand it. However, he could now! It was the combination of those 64 engraving pictures, and some of them overlapped with each other, leading to 92 engraving pictures.

“Does that mean the combination of those 64 engraving pictures result in significant power?” Luo Feng immediately started to study it.

At the peak of one of the mountains in the Beast God Sector.

Ancestor appeared and looked down.

“Weird… Why does he keep drawing engraving pictures?”

Ancestor watched from a distance and saw one engraving picture after another forming around Luo Feng, who sat in front of a gold beast god sculpture with his legs crossed.

“He’s been drawing the engraving pictures for 10,000 years?” said Ancestor, thoroughly confused.

Luo Feng found the combination of the engraving pictures to be unpredictable and mysterious after studying all of them. If he made a mistake, the power would tumble. However, Luo Feng was randomly combining different engraving pictures based on the engraving picture of I Am the Universe, and he had created dozens of techniques. Most, however, were weak, and only one of them could rival an undying technique. It came close to the third move of Star Map.

This thrilled Luo Feng. He now understood that the engraving pictures were a new path! And it might be his only chance to defeat Ancestor body within a period of 100,000 eras.

Luo Feng started with a random drawing. There were billions of ways for law threads to be combined for I Am the Universe. He started by randomly copying and simulating without rules, but after 10,000 years of trying, he had successfully created some weak techniques. He also understood the differences between different combinations.

Based on his extensive practice, he extrapolated the possibilities, and from the possibilities, he extrapolated his theories.

In the first 100,000 years, Luo Feng worked by trial and error. He only created two techniques that could rival the third move of Star Map. He did, however, discover some patterns after all those trials.

Luo Feng decided to concentrate on the eight engraving pictures of the Gold Beast God while temporarily giving up the other 56 engraving pictures. Based on his 100,000 years of trial and error, Luo Feng was most accurate when randomly combing the eight engraving pictures of the Gold Beast God.

After a million years, Luo Feng started to understand the mysteries of the engraving pictures of the Gold Beast God. After ten million years, he completely understood the mysteries and power of the combinations of those engraving pictures. Of course, it was only the tip of the iceberg compared to the engraving picture of I Am the Universe… But finally, Luo Feng completely comprehended it.

During those ten million years, Luo Feng accidentally created an ultimate technique for universe knights. Although he didn’t understand the theories behind it, he remembered the way to perform it, just as he did with his inherited techniques. He memorized all the law threads and was able to perform it instantly, which was theoretically impossible!

Law threads required users to understand the fundamentals of them in order to be performed—unless they were sculpted in the mind, like inherited techniques. However, Luo Feng didn’t need to perform all the law threads. All he needed to do was perform several engraving pictures and combine them!

The implications were profound! Luo Feng found the engraving pictures to be mysterious. It might be a unique and unusual way, but it was a highway to the top!

“Did Master Sitting Mountain Guest know this before?” he wondered. “Is that why he led me into the Beast God Sector? Why haven’t I heard of anyone among us humans who has practiced it? Why have I never heard of this practice method?”

Luo Feng was sometimes baffled by these many questions.

“For what it’s worth, it’s an incredible practicing method.

Engraving pictures were like components. If the universe was a skyscraper, the components were the individual resources combined to create the whole… And there were many ways to build a skyscraper.

So far, Luo Feng had found 900 million ways to combine the engraving pictures, and he could perfectly manipulate more than 100,000 of them. It was a path that was completely new to him, so he could only explore it all by himself. The more he studied it, the more combinations he knew and manipulated.

Luo Feng forgot about the passage of time; he was immersed in the engraving pictures of the Gold Beast God.

Time flew by. Ten million years, followed by another ten million years. Luo Feng frequently went to watch the beast god pictures of the Gold Beast God and studied them.

At the peak of the tallest mountain in the Beast God Sector, Ancestor looked down, frowned.

Luo Feng had been in the Beast God Sector for 180 million years, and Ancestor could tell from the way Luo Feng trained that he was following the path of engraving pictures, a path that led to the top.

I might lose this time… thought Ancestor.

“Sitting Mountain Guest is indeed impressive,” he said. “He was aware of this way to practice, and he was certain that his disciple would succeed on that path.”

Ancestor also speculated that the disadvantage of that path was that it didn’t have a strong foundation. However, if one was lucky enough to have inspirations, he could create terrifically powerful techniques.

“Hmm…”

Ancestor’s face became grave.

Chapter 1068

“No way…” Ancestor was shocked as he looked down at a faraway spot. “How is it possible that he could comprehend the heart of the beast?”

Weeds grew all over the plain. There was a towering sculpture of a gigantic lizard positioned in a slight squat as though poised for takeoff. And at the back of the Gold Beast God sculpture, Luo Feng lay on a bed of scales, eyes squinting. He was looking in midair, where countless complicated gold threads of engravings flowed continuously.

His hundreds of millions of years of painstaking cultivation were no different from one another. In fact, Luo Feng had fallen into a unique state. He’d spent hundreds of millions of years studying the eight pictures of engravings of the Gold Beast God, where every picture of engravings represented a different aspect of the Gold Beast God. Eight pictures of engravings… Luo Feng felt as though he was looking at a different face of the Gold Beast God every day, and day after day, month after month, year after year…

The years went by. Luo Feng went on studying these eight pictures of engravings, and for a good many years, he felt as though he had the company of Gold Beast God every waking and sleeping moment of his life.

Currently, Luo Feng had lost himself to the 180 million years spent on studying these pictures of engravings. He forgot who he was.

Now… he felt as though he actually was a beast god!

Joy, happiness, anger, rage, insanity… He was roaming the universe! He was fighting his enemies in bloody battles stretching to endless voids. The fighting extended to other galaxies… until finally, he unwillingly breathed his last.

Luo Feng lay unmoving, his eyes gradually closing. Only the Gold Beast God was real! All else was fabricated.

His sleep went on for a whole millennium.

During this millennium, even Luo Feng’s original earthling body and his Remote Ocean body went into a deep slumber. No matter who tried, no one at all was able to contact Luo Feng! Over the course of 1,000 years, Luo Feng forgot his human memories; he forgot everything. In his deep slumber, he thought of himself as a beast god…

A millennium went by peacefully. Then Luo Feng opened his eyes.

“Is this the so-called ‘Transformation of Things’?” asked Luo Feng. “Was it my illusion or was it reality?”

The moment he opened his eyes, he was in a trance—stupefied and unable to differentiate whether he was Luo Feng or a beast god. But quickly, he sobered up. Hundreds of millions of years’ worth of human memories came flooding back and overrode the memories that he had collected while he was incarnated as the beast god.

“A beast god? What a magical feeling.”

Luo Feng lay on the back of the Gold Beast God sculpture, reminiscing about the feeling of being a beast god, which was still so vivid to him. He felt as though he could go back into that state easily.

A beast god was an entirely different existence from that of humans. It was in a state that was detached, free, and true to its own nature.

At the apex of the mountain, Ancestor watched the entire episode, shaking his head amidst sighs. He found it all so ironic.

“The final bottleneck of the beast god path,” he said. “‘Heart of Beast God.’ The most difficult stage to comprehend and the most difficult to find, yet he has mastered it?”

The beast god path, according to the Ancestral God School, was divided into a total of seven major inheritances. Upon figuring out the entire Beast God path, one would have attained the universe master level and become a pinnacle existence in the universe… Yet it was not that simple for one who wanted to become a universe master. Just as it was with the golden horned beasts’ lineage, after countless eras, they only had a total of two universe masters. Similarly, the flaming star beasts’ lineage had only one universe master.

All of these clearly reiterated the fact that becoming a universe master was difficult to the point of nearly being impossible! There were many levels to accomplish!

One of the Beast God path’s most difficult levels to figure out— because of its ethereal nature—was understanding the Heart of Beast God, upon achieving this level, one could truly become an incarnation of the Beast God! This had left many universe overlords wondering, like Xi Luo Duo and the many universe overlords, if they could only be incarnations of “pseudo beast gods” because they were unable to understand the Heart of Beast God.

Without a Heart of Beast God… there was no way one could truly become an incarnation of a beast god.

For Luo Feng, this was an unintentional reward, as he spent such a long time wholeheartedly studying the eight pictures of secret engravings. Tens of millions of years of dedicated work had led him into a deep slumber where he forgot everything. During his slumber, he dreamed about leading the life of a beast god for a long time.

“This Luo Feng made a resounding name of himself in less than 100,000 years!” said Ancestor. “In my Beast God sector, he has cultivated himself for around 180 million years… He has dedicated himself wholly to studying the secret engravings of ‘Golden Space.’ Without any guidance, solely based on his own experience, he has attained the highest level. At the tip of his fingers, he could create techniques at the universe knight level… Obviously, he will have become extremely familiar with the Gold Beast God’s eight pictures of secret engravings. And these eight pictures are the full representation of Gold Beast God.”

Moreover, thought Ancestor. Golden horned beasts are descendants of the Gold Beast God. They can easily understand the Heart of Beast God. For two to merge as one… accomplishing this is expected.

Ancestor quickly understood why it was the process of accumulating richly and breaking forth vastly. Luo Feng had waited patiently, so when he had everything he needed to know in place, he would achieve success.

After all, Luo Feng did spend 180 million years studying these pictures of secret engravings. It only took him thousands of years to attain the pinnacle emperor level—tens of thousands of years to develop his talent of creating three forms of ultimate technique… If he continued to study the laws, given 180 million years, Luo Feng would have cultivated himself to the level of a senior universe knight. All just to defeat Ancestor!

So, Luo Feng had not spent an inkling of effort on law comprehension. He gave his all to studying the pictures of secret engravings. Hence, he attained his achievements in this chosen studies… which far surpassed his achievements in law comprehension. After all, law comprehension required many tens of thousands of years to cultivate. Just studying the pictures of secret engravings, he spent 180 million years. That was simply incomparable!

“This is…”

Ancestor, who had calmed himself previously, suddenly revealed a sharp change in expression. He was unable to believe what he saw as he looked down at the beast god sculpture on the vast plain. Luo Feng was lying down on the sculpture. Even when he had previously comprehended the Heart of the Beast God, he had not shown such arrogance and rudeness.

On the back of the beast god sculpture.

After Luo Feng woke from a millennium of deep slumber, he started to study the eight pictures of engravings of the Gold Beast God all over again. With the picture of secret engravings of his miniature universe as the final template, he tried to create a technique of his own. He could still feel the aftermath of his thousand years of slumber, during which the Heart of Beast God possessed an indistinct influence over him.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Countless golden threads floated midair.

“It should be like this,” he said. “Yes. Like this.”

It must be by pure luck or coincidence, as Luo Feng himself was unclear of the underlying theories he used when he speedily combined all eight pictures of secret engravings. Other than the majority of the law threads being combined based on his strong foundation, there were a few law threads that were combined purely based on his unique instincts, where he was free of inhibitions and followed his heart’s desire without a second thought.

It was as though the Gold Beast God was wandering about the universe, following its heart, killing when it wanted to kill, eating when it wanted to eat, sleeping when it wanted to sleep… When it came to the method of combining the law threads he was still unsure of, he combined them with such an attitude—following his heart. The most important thing was to feel pleased and fulfilled in the moment.

Hong!

Suddenly, a golden ray appeared.

The golden ray sliced through heaven and earth in the blink of an eye. The frozen space was forcefully pried apart to reveal a ripple gully. Even the ground, under the resonating waves of the light ray, was cut apart to give way to a deep valley tens of millions of miles long. In an instant, the whole surface underwent a fundamental change. Then normality returned.

“I… I am left with such little godly power!” said Luo Feng.

He was dumbfounded as he sat on the back of the Gold Beast God sculpture. He gazed at the end of the vast land, at the deep valley, until everything returned to normal.

“What level of technique was that?”

Luo Feng could not believe he was so powerful. A few thousand years on law comprehension was enough for him to attain pinnacle undying level. If these 180 million years were spent devoted completely to studying law comprehension… for him to master the sixth, or even to the seventh stage of the beast god path was certainly achievable. Yet he had spent this long period of time studying only the pictures of secret engravings!

He was certainly successful, and now he could easily create techniques at the universe knight level, or, at times, he might even be able to create ultimate techniques at the universe overlord level. He was that powerful! Yet in terms of magnitude, his power was far less than that of the light ray.

“Could it be the ultimate technique of a universe master?”

Luo Feng still found it unbelievable. If he had not been mastering it, he would not have known. After all the studies on the pictures of secret engravings, he knew that while sometimes, with a stroke of luck, the pictures of secret engravings could allow one to miraculously create a set of technique… But the more powerful a technique was, the more it was impossible to depend solely on luck. Foundation was more important!

180 million years! Luo Feng was very accomplished in his studies of the pictures of secret engravings and could easily create techniques that were at the universe knight level. But the most powerful technique that he had created so far was merely the universe overlord ultimate technique, which was two levels higher than the ones he normally created. If he wanted to create a technique of a universe master level… he guessed he might need many hundreds of millions of years more.

If the day came when he could readily create techniques of universe overlord level however he pleased, then who knew? He might get lucky and happen to create a technique of the universe master level. The foundation required would be higher!

The most talented painter, with a stroke of inspiration, could paint a superior picture. But without a solid foundation, even with inspiration, one would not be able to produce a sensational piece of work.

Luo Feng had now built a very strong foundation for himself. As an individual in the context of the universe, he could be considered a master—a founder capable of creating techniques! However, if he was expected to create techniques of universe master level… then to him, it was still something unbelievable.

“Is it a technique of the universe master level?”

Sou!

Luo Feng jumped up from where he was and flew to a faraway spot on the mountain. On his shoulder was a golden horned beast.

After flying for a short while, he arrived at the mountain cliff where there were three technique sculptures, all of which had been left behind by space beast universe masters. These three were all techniques of the universe master level.

“I shall carve the engravings of my creation with the use of my power. I should be able to understand it.”

Luo Feng looked at the stone surface. Godly power was gushing out, and all he could see at that very moment was a huge picture of a technique that was complicated beyond comprehension. Even many universe knights would have felt as though they were reading a heavenly book. Even if Luo Feng were to spend 180 million years, he would still be unable to comprehend this.

This picture of technique was simply too deep to be fathomed. It exuded an endless wave of power that corresponded to the magnitude of power coming from the other three ultimate technique sculptures beside it. It was not the least bit weaker.

It represented hundreds of millions of years of hard work! Plus a Heart of Beast God… At any moment, Luo Feng spontaneously created such a technique.

This was a technique he had created with the picture of secret engravings of his miniature universe as a template; it might be considered a simplified version of it. It was simply a near-perfect combination of the eight Beast God pictures of the Gold Beast God that formed the attack-type technique: Ultimate Level Technique of Universe Master!

At the apex of the mountain, Ancestor watched.

“Tens of millions of years spent on experiencing, learning and creating,” he muttered. “And the Heart of Beast God. If at any point in time, the eight pictures of secret engravings of the Gold Beast God are almost perfectly combined, whether in a manner that makes sense or not… such a technique will emerge.”

At that moment, he transmitted a message to Sitting Mountain Guest who was in the primal universe.

“Sitting Mountain Guest!” he said. “Why are you still not on your way here?”


Chapter 1069: Fight Ancestor

After only a short while, Sitting Mountain Guest showed up at the peak of the mountain.

“Did you call me here for drinks?” Sitting Mountain Guest asked as he strolled toward Ancestor.

Ancestor pointed in the distance, standing beside the cliff. “Look at your disciple.”

“Luo Feng?” Sitting Mountain Guest looked in the direction Ancestor pointed and saw Luo Feng sitting beside a cliff. He appeared surprised and joyful after gazing for a while, then started to laugh, “Old Beast God, no one in the universe can rival you on the path of eight gods! However, this disciple of mine created a technique using the eight engraving pictures of gold beast god… Do you admit your defeat?”

“How can you say I’m going to lose before he even fights me?” Ancestor said.

Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “Stop quibbling.”

Ancestor didn’t continue about the upcoming fight. Instead, he exclaimed, “Your disciple is indeed impressive! It’s fair to say that he had some luck when creating the technique, but no one in history could practice the engraving pictures so well in only 180 million years without any instructions! Besides, he has comprehended the Heart of Beast God, and that’s why it’s easier for him to comprehend the eight engraving pictures of Gold Beast God. It’s easy for him to create universe-knight level techniques, and if he’s willing to devote his time and energy, he’ll be able to create the universe-overlord level ones as well.”

Even real universe overlords needed to spend an overwhelmingly long time to create universe-overlord level ultimate techniques. To some extent, even those on the engraving path were better at creating techniques. Luo Feng was at least at the senior-universe-knight level when it came to his accomplishments among those who were on the engraving path.

“The Heart of Beast God?” Sitting Mountain Guest looked pleased. Then he guffawed. “A pleasant surprise! What a pleasant surprise, indeed!”

“He’s a Golden Horned Beast, which makes him a descendant of beast gods!” Ancestor exclaimed. “His bloodline inheritance is close to Gold Beast God… And with his research into those eight engraving pictures, he can finally comprehend the Heart of Beast God. He is indeed lucky, but I can’t say it’s because of luck alone.”

“Hahaha…!” Sitting Mountain Guest laughed heartily.

“Look at you.” Ancestor shook his head.

No wonder Sitting Mountain Guest was so proud. The accomplishments on engraving path could help law comprehension to a great extent. There wouldn’t be many barriers until Luo Feng became a universe overlord… Especially with the Heart of Beast God… It would now be easier for him to proceed along the beast god path! Heart of Beast God was the greatest challenge to turn from a universe overlord into a universe master, and that problem was now solved. Although it was still extremely difficult for him to become a universe master, he at least had a much higher chance.

Sitting Mountain Guest glanced at Ancestor and rejoiced inside. Little do you know that this disciple of mine obtained inherited techniques before, and he can better study the engraving pictures with the instruction from the engraving picture of his supreme inherited technique. Regardless, it’s still impressive of him to create a supreme inherited technique and comprehend the Heart of Beast God in only 180 million years.

Sitting Mountain Guest looked down.

In front of the cliff.

The energy from the sculpture of the engraving picture was equivalent to that of the three ultimate techniques of universe masters.

“I did it,” said Luo Feng. “It’s an ultimate technique of universe masters.”

Luo Feng stood in front of the cliff for a long time. He felt like he was in a dream.

“I did it,” he repeated, “after 180 million years.”

Luo Feng was confident that he could create ultimate techniques of universe overlords. As for ultimate techniques of universe masters… It would involve some luck.

Luo Feng suddenly looked to the sky and transmitted his voice.

“Ancestor,” he said. “I challenge you.”

Ancestor, wearing in a white cape, quickly flew in from afar. He landed on the ground and smiled at Luo Feng.

“You’re going to challenge me?” he said.

“Yes,” answered Luo Feng.

Luo Feng knew that even if he lost, he could keep doing research and trying. After all, all he needed to do was to defeat Ancestor within 100,000 eras.

“What weapon should I use?” Luo Feng asked.

“Let’s use our bare hands, shall we?” Ancestor raised his left hand. This godly body of his had been transformed from other elements.

“Hands?” said Luo Feng.

He was taken aback. Hands as weapons?

“You’ve already comprehended the Heart of Beast God,” said Ancestor. “Don’t you think your hands are weapons?”

Luo Feng was startled. Thousands of years’ worth of memories flooded back. For beast gods traveling in the universe, their claws, tails, and horns all contained the beast god conception. Even the spiritual force weapons were the bodies of beast gods… At this moment, Luo Feng felt as though the enormous gap between close combat and spiritual force weapons had disappeared. The techniques he had created could be used both for close combat and as spiritual force weapons.

“Warrior path and spiritual force leader path… They’re the same.” Luo Feng was bewildered.

“You’ve comprehended the Heart of Beast God.” Ancestor smiled. “If you didn’t, you had to focus on either the warrior path or the spiritual force leader path… After all, mixing them together is bad for comprehending the Heart of Beast God. Besides, beast gods are naturally better at using their godly bodies to fight, which is why those on the warrior path are better at comprehending the Heart of Beast God and finally become beast gods.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Primal Chaos City Leader had told him this before and insisted that he concentrate on the warrior path! However, for the past 180 million years, he had set aside the warrior path and spiritual force leader path, instead focusing on the engraving picture path. Without realizing it, he had fully comprehended the Heart of Beast God.

“Do you still need weapons?” Ancestor asked.

Luo Feng smiled. “If beast gods can use their claws, then I can use my hands as well.”

Ancestor stood still. “Attack,” he commanded.

Luo Feng looked from afar and used the Mosha body for the combat. After all, Ancestor would also use the godly body at the same level.

Hong!

Countless engravings started to flow on Luo Feng’s godly body, and he dashed toward Ancestor like a beam of golden light. At this moment, Luo Feng felt the beast god in his body charging his competitor. The attack contained the beast god path and also contained ultimate techniques of universe masters. The attack was fierce and quick—faster than the Shi Wu Wings!

“Break!”

Luo Feng arrived at where Ancestor stood. He grabbed Ancestor as his left hand became a claw, and the engravings on its fingers started to connect with each other.

Peng!

Ancestor waved his hand, and they clashed. Ancestor took a step back.

“Hahaha…!” Luo Feng felt overjoyed. The memories of the beast god merged with him at this moment.

Charge!

Claws!

Legs!

Luo Feng was absorbed in the golden light, and the roaring of beast gods resounded around him.

Fast!

Sharp!

Ancestor was suppressed. Although he tried to resist it, Luo Feng was getting more and more skilled, as if he truly were a beast god.

Peng!

His fingers were sharp like claws.

Pu!

They pierced through Ancestor’s chest.

Ancestor looked down, smiled, and nodded. He took a step back, and his godly body recovered.

“You won,” he said.

Luo Feng, standing in the golden light, was dazed. Had he actually defeated Ancestor? Ancestor would only perform universe-master level pinnacle techniques, and though he could only maintain his godly body at the same level as Luo Feng’s, he was still Ancestor, after all… It was a surreal feeling to have defeated Ancestor!

“Thank you, Ancestor,” Luo Feng said respectfully.

Ancestor had focused on defense from the beginning of the combat, which was why Luo Feng had been able to make better and better attacks, and thus, fully understand the way Beast Gods fought.

“No need to thank me,” said Ancestor, shaking his head and smiling. “I performed the best defense pinnacle techniques of universe masters, but I still failed to defend against you. I might have won if I had attacked first, but you will still win over me after several challenges. There’s no need to waste time.”

Luo Feng was full of gratitude. He had benefited so much in the past 180 million years in the Beast God Sector.

The Heart of Beast God was a pleasant surprise, and the engraving picture path was a brand new path for him. Plus, he had created an ultimate technique of the universe master level.

“Hahaha…!” A guffaw resounded around him, followed by a shadow.

Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Luo Feng from afar. After 180 million years, this disciple of his had finally evolved! In the past, Luo Feng hadn’t had much time to practice. He stood among the great beings because of the enormous godly body and Force Armor, but when it came to laws and techniques, he was significantly weaker. Yet his law comprehension and techniques had now reached an incredibly eminent level—even better than many universe overlords.

“I’ve accumulated enough,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “I believe this disciple of mine will have an easy time becoming a universe overlord. Perhaps the only difficulty he’s going to have is becoming a universe master.”

Sitting Mountain Guest was satisfied. Flame Emperor had disappointed him, which was why he had devoted all his resources and time to his third disciple. Fortunately, his third disciple hadn’t upset him.

The laughter attracted both Luo Feng and Ancestor.

“Master?” Luo Feng was dazed by the shadow flying toward him.

“Sitting Mountain Guest,” said Ancestor with a smile. “Don’t be smug. Your disciple is indeed impressive… However, don’t forget that he has a golden horned beast body, and his soul has completely merged with the godly body. It’s almost impossible to tell whether he’s a human or a golden horned beast. Who will say no if I insist that he’s a golden horned beast?”

“That’s between your alliance and the humans,” Sitting Mountain Guest said as he landed. “It has nothing to do with me. Whether this disciple of mine belongs to the human race or Space Beast Alliance doesn’t concern me at all.”

Luo Feng stepped forward and said, “Master.”

“Okay…” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled and nodded. He glanced at Ancestor. “Don’t forget our bet!”


Chapter 1070: It Was Named ‘Northern Rock’

Luo Feng’s face immediately registered a look of anticipation. Previously, he had heard from Ancestor that the get between Ancestor and Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest involved his wager—a set of true treasure series—and Teacher’s wager—a piece of a pinnacle true treasure. If Ancestor lost, then he would have to bestow this set of true treasure series to Luo Feng. This was definitely a great opportunity.

For them to use these items as wagers meant the true treasure series and the pinnacle true treasure must have been of comparable value. His Force Armor was one such pinnacle true treasure!

And Blade River Luo, a top-tier domain type true treasure with an extremely strong attacking power, was comparable to Force Armor. It was so massive that its entire birth process… had to be divided into several segments to reach completion. Thus, it was quite a sensation. It was little wonder that Flame Emperor had been so reluctant to give up Force Armor to Luo Feng back then… Such events went to show that true treasures such as Force Armor and Blade River Luo were very precious—so precious, in fact, that great beings like Flame Emperor and Primal Chaos City Leader covet them.

Yet only universe supreme beings such as Ancestor and Sitting Mountain Guest had the magnitude of boldness to use such precious treasures as the stakes in a bet!

“You are one of the top nine powers in the universe; Ancestor of Space Beast Alliance, you can’t be that petty!” teased Sitting Mountain Guest. “I am waiting for that true treasure series of yours.”

Ancestor cast a look at Sitting Mountain Guest. His expression revealed his heartache. Even a being as great as Ancestor would feel the sting of this loss. Previously, when he had been so confident that he would win the pinnacle true treasure from Sitting Mountain Guest, he had not expected that he would lose the gamble.

“Fair is fair,” Ancestor said. “This true treasure series is one I can still afford to lose. According to our agreement, I shall bestow this true treasure series to Luo Feng.”

“Yes.” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled and nodded. “That’s right. Bestow it to my disciple.”

Ancestor turned to look at Luo Feng. “Luo Feng.”

“Ancestor.” Luo Feng replied respectfully.

He did not consider defeating Ancestor something to be proud of. It was, after all, only to fulfill a gamble. If Ancestor were to display his true power, his ability to ensure that whatever order he gave would be effectively enforced would have rendered Luo Feng powerless with no way to fight back. If one was willing to pay the price, he could even kill a universe master.

“Look.” Ancestor pointed in midair, and a black beast figure suddenly appeared.

“Huh?” Luo Feng looked carefully.

It was a wild beast that was black from head to toe. It had four powerful hooves and claws, as well as sharp fangs that pointed to the sky and a single horn on its forehead that gave off a shiny gleam… Its body was covered with layers of armor, as though it were filled with limitless magical power. Luo Feng was completely captivated at first glance. It was truly a stirring beauty.

The black wild beast was around 300 feet tall, and it landed right in front of Luo Feng. It was then that Luo Feng realized, to his astonishment, that this was a dead creature. It was lifeless.

Ancestor walked over and caressed the leg of the gigantic beast. “This is my true treasure series. I named it ‘Beast God Armor.’

Sitting Mountain Guest looked on with great pleasure, then laughed aloud.

Ancestor cast him a glance before turning to look at Luo Feng. “Your teacher is gloating, but it’s to be expected. Previously, because of this true treasure series… there was chaotic battling all over. Your teacher was so scheming. He launched a sneak attack and immediately fled the scene. I had to pay quite a sizable price to defeat that adverse universe, and finally, I managed to obtain this true treasure series.”

Listening on, Luo Feng felt his excitement rising… It was as though he had personally undergone this battle of universe supreme masters.

“This true treasure series consists of a total of 526 true treasures, of which 521 are ordinary true treasures, four are senior true treasures, and the remaining one is a top-tier true treasure,” Ancestor explained. “The sharp fangs and scales on its body, for instance, can be dismantled and used individually! Combining everything to form one body, its power is massive.”

Luo Feng was shocked. 526 true treasures to form one true treasure series? It was said that Primal Chaos City Leader’s Thousand Treasure River was formed by 1,000 true treasures put together, and this, in Luo Feng’s eyes, did not pale in comparison. Moreover, out of these 526 true treasures, one was at the top-tier level.

“Breaking this down, the horn alone is a top-tier true treasure,” said Ancestor. “And once combined with the power of a few hundred other true treasures… its power will skyrocket.” Ancestor gave a sentimental sigh. “By placing this true treasure series on one’s godly body, every part of the godly body becomes a weapon ready to attack. It is definitely the most suitable tool for a great being who wants to cultivate the beast god path and become a universe master. I named it Beast God Armor and had planned to bestow it to one of the universe masters from my Space Beast Alliance that I found to have great potential.” Ancestor looked at Luo Feng. “Now, it’s yours.”

Luo Feng felt his heart pounding faster.

Beast God Armor!

“Thank you, Ancestor,” Luo Feng said, showing his gratitude respectfully.

Ancestor smiled and nodded, and with one wave, the black beast figure flew over to Luo Feng.

A golden horned beast appeared on Luo Feng’s shoulder. At this moment, his Golden Horned Beast body had temporarily put away the Force Armor, Shi Wu Wings, the Nine Tiger River, and the other treasures, storing them in the World Ring. It swooped down while exerting its godly power, speedily encircled the black beast figure to brand the beast with its life imprints.

Hong!

The black beast figure was instantly broken up into several hundred true treasures, all black in color, which flew over to Golden Horned Beast at top speed and settled on him. There, the true treasures fully integrated into Golden Horned Beast’s body, covering every inch of him.

In an instant, Golden Horned Beast transformed into a gigantic beast that was jet black all over. The scales covering every inch of his godly body were like knife blades. Even his fangs grew tremendously. The five sharp horns originally on his forehead had become six! The middle horn was the longest, with a length of approximately one and a half feet! (At this juncture, Golden Horned Beast still maintained his miniaturized godly body, which was three feet long).

Luo Feng’s consciousness was cheering with joy. Wonderful!

Those sharp claws! That tail! That godly body! And those sharp horns! Everywhere—every part of it was a true treasure!

This true treasure series was truly deserving of being considered most compatible with the Beast God Path. Furthermore, Beast God Armor had incredible defensive power. It was essentially an attack-type true treasure, and its defensive power was comparatively weaker. Yet its defensive power would still be on par with ordinary treasures of a top-tier true treasure defense armor.

The instant Luo Feng branded the armor with his life imprints, Beast God Armor transmitted some ancient information, including its actual name. Luo Feng was secretly confused.

Huh? This Beast God Armor was originally named “Northern Rock”? What a strange name.

Many treasures had original names, such as “Silver Dragon Phantom” and “Golden King Armor.” However, their new users would normally give them other names, such as “Ancient Boat Galaxy” and “Golden Armor.” Beast God Armor’s original name had been “Northern Rock.”

Regardless of what its original name was, this Beast God Armor is indeed the most suitable one for my Golden Horned Beast body. Excellent!

“Roar!”

Golden Horned Beast got worked up and could not help letting out a roar of excitement. Ancestor nodded with satisfaction.

“Luo Feng, come here!” Sitting Mountain Guest shouted out.

Luo Feng obeyed immediately.

Sitting Mountain Guest took Luo Feng aside and changed the universe law of the surroundings. If Ancestor wanted to listen to their conversation, he could, of course, make use of the universe laws to forcibly suppress this… but Ancestor would not go to that extent. It was obvious that Sitting Mountain Guest had something to discuss with his disciple in private.

“Teacher?” Luo Feng said as he sat down beside Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Just a short 180 million years to succeed… Well done.” Sitting Mountain Guest nodded his approval. “You are stronger than your second brother.”

Luo Feng listened submissively.

“Back then, I made you the Star Map, but looking at you today, I’m afraid it will no longer be of much help,” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “Although you may only be a pinnacle undying now, you are highly accomplished in the studies of secret engravings! You are already at a strategically advantageous position. If you were to move on to studying the law path… in an extremely short period of time, you will be able to achieve a breakthrough and become a universe knight. Even if making your way past the threshold to be a universe knight may somewhat affect you, 1,000 years should be enough.”

Luo Feng nodded. He was also very confident. Studying the pictures of secret engravings had made him feel that studying the law path would be simple. It would be easy to understand! Previously, he had been restricted to only studying the engravings because of the gamble… so Luo Feng had simply refrained from studying the law path.

“When you have become a universe knight, you will be using Star Tower while being new to it, but you will already be able to activate the entire Star Tower,” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “By then, with Star Tower… this Star Map will be useless.”

Luo Feng nodded and could not help asking, “Teacher, does this mean that I have to undergo another ordeal to obtain the fifth black metal board of the Nine Volume Manual?”

To obtain the third black metal board, Luo Feng had sent himself to Ice Hell. To obtain the fourth, he had fallen into this Beast God Sector.

“No,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. Then he added with a smile, “If your teacher’s methods are all so easily fathomed, could I still be called a teacher?”

Luo Feng was taken by surprise.

“In terms of training through ordeals, this Beast God Sector has put you through enough,” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “180 million years… you can now create a universe master ultimate technique! Based on your studies on pictures of secret engravings and the law path… we have mutual confirmation. That’s enough.”

“What about the fifth black metal board?” asked Luo Feng. He could not wait to get his hands on the fifth black metal board right away.

“When the time comes, you will know.” Sitting Mountain Guest said.

Luo Feng was left with no other choice.

Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Luo Feng with a satisfied expression. “Continue to work hard! Your power is extremely strong now, but just wait until the day you use Star Tower. No one in this universe will be able to look down on you… As your teacher, I have hopes for you to become even stronger.”

“Yes, Teacher,” said Luo Feng.

He was expectant, too. Over the course of these 180 million years, he had undergone a total transformation. He was no longer a weakling unarmed with battling techniques who could only depend on setting his godly being ablaze to obtain power when facing his enemies, hoping that his enemies’ powers would be consumed before he was finished.

Consuming his opponents to death was only achievable in the Land of Extremis because that was a place where no one could send out calls for help to other great beings of their races. However, in other places, such as the Original Star, when one met with danger, it was always possible to obtain help from other great beings. After all, every supreme being was important.

Sitting Mountain Guest turned his head, transmitting his voice to Ancestor who stood in the distance. “Space Ancestor. Thank you for all these years. Now that he has met my expectations, I will take him and leave this place.”

“There’s no hurry. Wait a moment.” Ancestor was by their side in a flash.

Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Ancestor. “There is something else?”

“Nothing to do with you.” Ancestor looked at Luo Feng. “I have something to tell Luo Feng.”

“He is my disciple,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “How is this unrelated to me? Luo Feng, from how I see it, I think you should still focus on staying within humans…” But Sitting Mountain Guest was still mid-sentence when he suddenly started laughing. “Luo Feng,” he said, “since Space Ancestor has something to tell you, you should stay and chat with him. I will wait for you here. Then we can head back to the primal universe.”

“Yes, Teacher,” Luo Feng replied.

Right. It was time to head back to the primal universe!

…

Sitting Mountain Guest walked off into the distance, and Luo Feng followed him. He bowed to show his respect, then addressed him. “Ancestor,” he said.

Ancestor looked at Luo Feng and asked directly, “Has the thought of leaving the human race ever crossed your mind?”


Chapter 1071: Back to the Original Universe

Luo Feng had known that Ancestor of the Space Beast Alliance wanted to admit him, but he hadn’t expected Ancestor to be so straightforward.

“No,” Luo Feng answered without hesitation.

It would have been ridiculous for him to say yes. The human race treated him with great generosity, and besides, after 100,000 years, earthlings had been spread across the entire Ganwu Universe, and they had blended in the human race family. Besides, Luo’s family had had people reach all the regions in the universe… How was it possible for him to break away from the human race like that? He needed to think about his parents and his wife.

Ancestor was dazed for a moment but then nodded. “Ah. I almost forgot that you’re still fairly new. Your family and friends are still alive.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“How about this?” Ancestor continued. “Your Golden Horned Beast can join my Space Beast Alliance. He can be known as Golden Mountain Knight. This won’t affect anything you have within the human race, just as you can call for help on the original stars as a human and you can also call for help as a space beast. From now on, you’ll have two powers to support you!”

“However,” said Luo Feng, “I’ll also bear responsibilities from both sides.”

It was beneficial for Luo Feng to join a new power. However, he would also bear new responsibilities!

He understood why Ancestor wanted him to join the alliance. Once he became a universe knight, his godly body would be close to some universe masters, as he had reached the perfect life gene level! And together with ultimate techniques of universe masters, a top-tier set of true treasures, and pinnacle true treasures, he would be much stronger. And once he became a universe master, he would rival the top-tier universe masters like Primal Chaos City Leader. Besides, he had Sitting Mountain Guest behind him to help! How could he not draw Luo Feng to his side?

“Yes, the alliance gives you assistance, and meanwhile, you will need to bear some responsibilities.” Ancestor looked at Luo Feng. “Great power comes with great responsibility. What you think?”

“No problem. I can bear them.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

“Wonderful.” Ancestor nodded with satisfaction.

It was better for him to have more help on the path of great beings. When he was trapped or in danger, and if the Hong Alliance couldn’t help him in time, he would now have the Space Beast Alliance. Besides, Luo Feng had gone to Space God Mountain once, and the members of the Space Beast Alliance were like brothers, contrary to the strict hierarchy in the human race.

Just when Ancestor and Luo Feng reached an agreement, Sitting Mountain Guest walked towards them.

“I didn’t hear your conversation,” he said, “but it seems that you’ve successfully admitted him, Space Beast Ancestor.”

“Master,” Luo Feng greeted Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Luo Feng, did that old man give you some benefits?” asked Sitting Mountain Guest. He was being quite blunt!

Luo Feng was smart enough to say, “Not yet.”

Sitting Mountain Guest turned around and glared at Sitting Mountain Guest. “Your alliance will definitely bestow a universe knight with great potential a true treasure if you find one. How come this disciple of mine didn’t get one? It’s lucky for you space beasts that my disciple has joined your alliance!”

Ancestor was dazed. “I just gave—”

“Don’t mention the Beast God Armor,” Sitting Mountain Guest scolded. “That was because of the bet you lost. That’s not something your alliance gave to Luo Feng.”

There was, indeed, a rule within the alliance that a universe knight with great potential would be bestowed with a true treasure if he didn’t have one! However, the alliance wouldn’t waste true treasures if the individual in question had already had one. They needed to earn them through their contributions to the race.

As for Luo Feng, he had a top-tier set true treasure, so obviously, he didn’t lack true treasures.

Ancestor looked at Luo Feng. “Haha! It makes sense. Luo Feng has already stood at the top among the universe overlords. It is indeed lucky for my alliance to have him. Luo Feng, you should know that no matter which power you join, you need to exchange true treasures with your contributions. Even if your great potential deserves true treasures, the one bestowed to you won’t be precious.”

Luo Feng nodded. It was like Bark Mirror Emperor. He only had an ordinary true treasure armor.

“Your Golden Horned Beast doesn’t need true treasures anymore,” said Ancestor, “but your original earthling body is better at close combat. I know that you’ve been using spiritual force weapons… I’ll give you a senior true treasure that’s a weapon for close combat.”

“Thank you, Ancestor,” Luo Feng responded.

He would definitely take a free true treasure. It was more than enough to have a senior true treasure weapon for close combat.

“So stingy of you,” Sitting Mountain Guest murmured.

“Sitting Mountain Guest, unlike you, I have an entire Space Beast Alliance to take care of,” Ancestor said with resignation. “If you think the true treasure I gave him is not good enough, you should give something better.”

“Rest assured, I’ll definitely give him a better one.” Sitting Mountain Guest glared at Ancestor jokingly.

“What kind of close-combat weapons do you need?” Ancestor asked Luo Feng.

“A sword,” said Luo Feng. “I’d like it to look like this.” He pointed to the sky, and his godly power concentrated, forming the shape of a ghost sword.

“I don’t have one that’s exactly like that. How about this one?” Ancestor waved his right hand and transported a true treasure from somewhere else.

The sword was slightly bent. The handle was purple, and there were complex patterns on it. It looked like a two-handed sword in the shape of a saber.

“The blade part is close to the one you want, but the handle is longer,” said Ancestor.

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “Great.”

“Take it.”

Ancestor smiled, and the ancient blade flew toward Luo Feng. He penetrated it with his godly power, and information flooded his mind.

The sword was called “Cutting Pearl Sword.”

“Cutting Pearl…” Luo Feng held the sword and slashed the space.

Si! La!

There were cuttings left in the space it touched, which satisfied Luo Feng. It was like the first time when he used the ghost blade on earth, which was exciting.

“This is the information about our Space Beat Alliance.” Ancestor threw a golden book towards Luo Feng. “There are many other gathering places for our alliance aside from Space God Mountain. Every gathering has a portal to Space God Mountain! You can leave some keepsakes in the gathering places and transport yourself there, and thus, to Space God Mountain any time. Be sure to come back to Space God Mountain sometimes, at least to get keepsakes from Golden Horn Master and Xuan Mie Master so that you can get some help from them when you’re in danger. You belong to the bloodline of the golden horned beasts.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded.

There were different bloodlines in Space Beast Alliance, and the leaders of his bloodline were Golden Horn Master and Xuan Mie Master.

“I’ll leave with Luo Feng, then?” Sitting Mountain Guest asked.

“Sure.” Ancestor smiled. “I’ll send you two back; it’ll be faster.”

Hong! Long!

Space and time became twisted. Suddenly, Luo Feng and Sitting Mountain Guest disappeared and reappeared elsewhere.

“We’ve been transported back to the original universe,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “I’ll separate us from the universe operation law temporarily.” Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Luo Feng and added, “After a while, when the universe operation law senses the change in your life gene level, there’ll be a sharp change in your Golden Horned Beast! Your godly body will become significantly stronger and will reach the perfect level like last time. But there won’t be inherited techniques this time.”

“No inherited techniques?” Luo Feng was confused and disappointed by this.

“That’s right.” Sitting Mountain Guest nodded. “Bestowal of a supreme inherited technique is a great opportunity for great beings who reach the perfect life gene level. Their minds will be drawn to the center of the universe origin, and they’ll receive an inheritance… Your mind has already been given an inheritance, so you don’t get a second chance; nobody does.”

Luo Feng understood.

“Besides, it means nothing to you.” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “One supreme inherited technique is enough. And you’ve created an ultimate technique of universe masters! If you need more techniques, just create them.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“When you can drive Star Tower, you won’t need any supreme inherited techniques!” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. “When you can drive all the complex engravings in Star Tower, those techniques will mean nothing to you.”

Luo Feng nodded. Although he was already a high achiever in techniques, those engraving sculptures in Star Tower still looked quite intricate. No wonder it was a supreme true treasure! If he would be able to use Star Tower in the future, all he needed to do was drive the engravings in Star Tower as Sitting Mountain Guest said.

“This is a token.” Sitting Mountain Guest threw Luo Feng a token that looked like a blue stone.

Luo Feng took it.

“It was specially made by me, and it’s an ordinary true treasure,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Just put your mind into it if you need to connect to me. I’ll receive it instantly.”

“Okay,” said Luo Feng.

“Go back to your god country now. It’ll take you a lot of energy to become more than 55,000 miles tall from 600 miles, and you need to prepare those energies by yourself.”

Luo Feng nodded. He knew that the universe operation law would only evolve his godly body… As for the energy he needed for evolution, last time, it was world energy that Remote Ocean had absorbed to evolve.

“Go,” said Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Yes, Teacher.”

Luo Feng could clearly sense his god country and where his original earthling body was. Suddenly, his original earthling body sent an undying slave through god country.

Weng!

Luo Feng left in the green light of god country transportation.

After three teleportations through space ripples, Luo Feng returned to his god country. He could already feel the power from universe operation law.

Hong! Long!

Hou!

Golden Horned Beast, wearing Beast God Armor, roared above the Remote Ocean.

Pi! Li! Pa! La!

His bones, flesh, horns, and muscles started to bulge sharply, and he began to absorb all the godly power in the boundless Remote Ocean.


Chapter 1072: Plight

The Golden Horned Beast stepped on the water of the boundless Remote Ocean. His hoofs were tens of thousands of miles tall, and his body was more than 55,000 miles long. That tail, covered with scales, perfectly matched the main body… The wing, also covered with scales, looked as if it could cover the sky and contained endless godly power.

Each inch of his skin merged with the top-tier set true treasure Beast God Armor! His natural scales perfectly integrated with the scales of the true treasure, and there were five small horns and one large horn on his head! Wearing the Beast God Armor made the Golden Horned Beast look fiercer than ever.

“A perfect godly body that’s more than 55,000 miles tall!” Luo Feng was thrilled. “The godly power I have now is much stronger than what I had before.”

From now on, he would be able to perform “I Am the Universe” anytime, and he would be considerably more powerful in his own miniature universe.

The Golden Horned Beast howled loudly.

“Everything’s ready now. It’s time to find Tian Yang Knight.” Luo Feng smiled. “I bought the domain type true treasure Nine Tiger River and obtained the fourth black metal because I couldn’t deal with Tian Yang Knight, but I didn’t expect to gain so much.”

The original plan was only to get the fourth black metal and make the Golden Horned Beast perfect so that he was able to perform I Am the Universe. Yet everything was going much better than he had anticipated.

The top-tier set true treasure Beast God Armor, the senior true treasure Cutting Pearl Sword, and a self-created ultimate technique of universe masters… After practicing on the engraving-picture path for 180 million years, he had become quite confident. He would definitely be able to kill Tian Yang Knight and seize the other wing.

“The problem is, I need to find this Tian Yang Knight first.” Luo Feng was wearing Force Armor and carrying the Cutting Pearl Sword with his wing open… He left his god country with his Golden Horned Beast in his world ring and departed for the original stars.

Although ordinary great beings of the human race would make an avatar to connect to the virtual universe when all their bodies were leaving for the original stars, it was unnecessary for Luo Feng to do so… Remote Ocean body was Luo Feng’s largest body, and he could connect to the virtual universe using the sensor.

Luo Feng walked into the open-air bar in the virtual universe where universe knights from the Hong Alliance shared information.

“Luo Feng.”

“Blade River.”

The universe knights greeted Luo Feng, but they isolated themselves from the surroundings and started to gossip as soon as he walked away.

“Many universe knights went to ask Luo Feng for true treasures when the original stars just opened,” one of them said, “and I heard that even his brother ‘Gui Yi Knight’ went to him as well. However, he didn’t lend anything to anyone because he said he wanted to go, too. Yet he hasn’t stepped foot in the original stars yet.”

“He won’t unless he seeks his own death! He’s no fool. He’s like a moving treasure chest and carries great fame. He’ll definitely attract widespread attention if he goes. But it was lame for him to refuse to help. If he didn’t dare go in, he shouldn’t have used it as an excuse! Why didn’t he just say he didn’t want to lend his true treasures?”

“That’s right… Why couldn’t he just be straightforward? Why did he lie and tell others that he was going, too?”

There were thousands of universe knights in the open-air bar, and discussions transpired when Luo Feng walked if, but they all kept them as secrets… After all, Luo Feng was able to kill Bark Mirror Emperor as an undying fighter. He would almost certainly become a universe overlord when he became a universe knight… Nobody wanted to mess with Luo Feng.

“Kuang Zhou Knight,” shouted Luo Feng.

The built man with three horns on his head turned around and laughed. “Blade River!” He walked toward Luo Feng. “Come here!”

Luo Feng walked to an empty table and sat on the giant table. Great beings in the Hong Alliance were of different sizes, and the chairs were not only exquisite but also gigantic!

Kuang Zhou Knight sat down. Luo Feng ordered a glass of grape wine, and an undying waiter served him the wine instantly. It was the dream of many undying fighters to be servants here, as it was easy for them to meet universe knights who were almost impossible for them to meet otherwise. They might even become friends with some universe knights if they were lucky enough. Besides, they could also overhear some confidential information about the universe.

“Blade River, you wouldn’t have come to see me if you didn’t want my help,” Kuang Zhou Knight said. He put down his glass and laughed. “Tell me, what’s the matter?” Their voices were blocked from the others.

“Help me find a universe knight from another race,” said Luo Feng.

“Who?” asked Kuang Zhou Knight.

“Tian Yang Knight,” said Luo Feng. “I want to know who he is, which original star he’s on, and what the coordinates are.”

“The universe overlord ‘Tian Yang Knight’ of the automaton race? The one known for his ‘Eight Shuttles’?” Kuang Zhou Knight was surprised. “Why are you looking for him? He’s a handful. Although he’s not as terrific as those universe overlords of special life forms, he’s still very difficult to deal with.”

“No need to be concerned about that,” said Luo Feng. “Please just do me this favor. Once you get his information, tell me.”

“Of course.” Kuang Zhou Knight nodded.

“Haha! Thank you so much. Let’s drink.”

Luo Feng raised his wine glass, but it was the mind of his boundless Remote Ocean that went into the virtual universe, which was why he looked so relaxed. He was talking to Kuang Zhou Knight about what happened on the original stars, and a lot had happened in the past 20,000 years.

As Luo Feng and Kuang Zhou Knight were drinking, they heard a yell of exasperation.

“Ganwu! I’m not pushing you, but I was just revived by a universe master because I got killed on the original stars! You know that I needed to pay a price to be revived… After being resurrected, I’ve owed our race 1.3 true treasure points! I can’t fulfill it even if I devoted all I had to our race. I didn’t force you to give me back the valuables you owe me, but now!”

Many universe knights looked to where the fight came from. So did Luo Feng and Kuang Zhou Knight.

“Huh?” Luo Feng frowned.

There were two great beings sitting in a corner. One of them was a universe knight with purple skin and silver hair, who was accusing in anger. The other was Ganwu Universe Country Master. Ganwu Universe Country Maser looked embarrassed and blocked their conversation from the surroundings, seeking to placate him.

The universe knight destroyed the blocking and yelled, “Why are you blocking us from others? Ganwu, we’ve been friends for hundreds of millions of years! I know that you’ve had a hard time yourself, which is why I’ve never asked for what you owe me back. But look at me now! How can you still delay the payback?”

Ganwu Universe Country Master sat there with his face in his palm. The universe knight lowered his voice gradually.

“What happened?” Luo Feng said with a frown.

“It’s because of the resurrection!” exclaimed Kuang Zhou Knight, shaking his head. “It’s against the universe operation law to turn back time and revive someone, which is why even universe masters will get hurt if they do it. That universe knight, Mei Hua Knight, died on the original stars and was revived, after which he owed our race 1.3 true treasure points. That’s worthy an ordinary true treasure. Ordinary universe knights could only pay them back by devoting an eternity. As for Ganwu Universe Country Master, his situation is even worse than Mei Hua Knight’s.”

“Worse?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Yes,” Kuang Zhou Knight said. “All 1008 universe country masters are ancient universe knights.”

Luo Feng nodded. After the 1,008th universe country was found, no more universe countries were founded within the human race, the main reason being that there weren’t enough territories. Apparently, those who could become universe country masters were all ancient.

“The longer you live, the less potential you have.” Kuang Zhou Knight shook his head and sighed. “Ganwu Universe Country Master died three times, and every time after he died, he was successfully resurrected. However, it cost him dearly to be revived. One time, he died on one of the original stars and lost all the true treasures he borrowed. As for the other two times, he lost some set treasures.”

Luo Feng sighed in his heart. It was true; when you died, you lost your true treasures.

“What’s worse is that those who lent him true treasures came after him after he was revived,” Kuang Zhou Knight continued. “He can pay the race back slowly without being pressured, but as for that which he owes to other great beings… They are continuously demanded payback. After all, it’s not easy for other great beings to have a true treasure. After being resurrected three times, he not only owes six universe knights, but he also owes our race. It’s almost impossible for him to turn things around unless his power surges and he becomes a universe overlord. However, that hasn’t happened even after billions of years of practice.”

“Actually,” continued Kuang Zhou Knight, “those universe country masters won’t dare to go to dangerous places like original stars even if they have the clone talent. Unless they have power or ambitions, that is. Ganwu Universe Country Master has been staying inside his universe country for a long time to train himself, and he also cultivates generations of juniors, which is another way to earn contribution points. Although it’s extremely slow, it’s safe.

Sometimes, he’ll also go to the universe secret regions without much danger. It’s unlucky that he has fallen so low. However, he’s also fortunate enough to be with us humans, as we have universe masters to resurrect him. If he was part of a weaker race, he would be dead forever.”

Luo Feng turned around. Ganwu Universe Country Master was conversing with Mei Hua Knight, and Ganwu was trying to appease Mei Hua Knight.


Chapter 1073: Paying a Visit

A short while later, Mei Hua Knight left. Ganwu Country Master also left straight away. After all, staying on was embarrassing.

Luo Feng watched everything in silence.

Ganwu Country Master. Was he lucky? Or unlucky? Luo Feng was not able to tell for sure, but he could see that Ganwu Country Master was in a difficult position.

“Kuang Zhou Knight, I will leave it to you to look for news of Tian Yang Knight. Thank you for helping out.” Luo Feng continued chatting with Kuang Zhou Knight for quite some time before he stood up to leave.

“Haha! I will inform you once I have news. A small matter,” Kuang Zhou Knight said.

Then Luo Feng vanished into thin air.

On the mountains of Thunder Island in the virtual universe, in the palace of Ganwu Country Master.

He was alone, pacing about the gallery area with furrowed brows, deep in thought. He was indeed frustrated… He had not expected the quiet, peaceful days to be disrupted once again after such a long time! He had good relationships with the six universe knights that he was indebted to, so they did not press him. The peaceful years had led him to forget about the difficult times in the past.

But today… he was really in a spot.

“Humph!” Ganwu Country Master slapped the stone pillar beside him so forcefully that it shook, and some powered bits fell off.

“Ganwu,” a voice resonated.

Ganwu Country Master turned and saw a figure descending a distance away. After one look at who it was, he immediately walked over to extend his welcome with a smile. “Luo Feng.”

“It’s been a long time since I visited your humble abode.” Luo Feng smiled.

“You have not spent much time on cultivation, and yet you have made tremendous progress. Time is definitely of the essence.” Ganwu Country Master grinned. “Come, come, come. We shall take a seat over there.”

He led Luo Feng to an open sitting area not too far away. Servants were already laying out a spread of delectable food and fine wine. The two sat across one another.

“Young Hai is not getting himself into any sort of trouble lately, is he?” Luo Feng asked.

“No. He is quite talented and also very hardworking,” Ganwu Country Master said with a smile. “If not for me forcefully keeping him under my reigns, he would already have become undying.”

Luo Feng nodded. His son, Luo Hai, had also cultivated himself for hundreds of thousands of years. Furthermore, he had an abundant supply of resources that would make any undying emperor green with envy. Given Luo Feng’s status, even if his son did not hold very high qualifications, he could still rely on the richness of resources to become undying! Besides, Luo Hai was indeed quite talented and had always considered his father, Luo Feng, his role model.

“Staying as a sector lord for a longer time will be good for him, too,” Luo Feng said. “It would be best if his law comprehension could reach emperor level before he achieved a breakthrough to becoming undying.”

“Yes, that is my plan, too.” Ganwu Country Master nodded his agreement.

“Haha! Young Hai is the only one that I am worried about in my family,” said Luo Feng. “Luckily, I have you as his master to help him all this while.”

Luo Feng expressed his gratitude. His older son, Luo Ping, and his wife, Xu Xin, were all at their family nest… His father, Luo Hong Guo, and mother, Gong Xin Lan, had indulged in virtual games for a good many years. Although unintentionally, they had unknowingly attained the ninth stage of domain level; if they were to put in a little more effort, they would have become sector lords.

Of course, he could allow such uninhibited use of resources, but such use was limited to his parents, wife, sons, and brother. The other hundreds of millions of clansmen of the Luo family would have to follow the rules. Otherwise, even if there was an abundant supply of resources, it would not be enough to provide for countless clansmen if they consumed what they had at a crazy rate. There had to be some rule system within the clan.

Counting only Luo Feng’s closest kin, it would only be his youngest son, Luo Hai, out there wandering. The fact that he considered Luo Feng his role model worried him a bit.

Luckily, Luo Hai had found his way to the Ganwu Dojo, and thereafter, he had been taken under the wing of the dojo’s founder, Ganwu Country Master, who accepted him as a special disciple.

Luo Feng looked at Ganwu Country Master and thought about the how indebted he was to him! When he had just made his appearance among the human race with the identity of merely a genius, Ganwu Country Master had taken good care of his family… As he became stronger and stronger, Ganwu Country Master provided him with even more help, and without reservations. He even went to save Luo Hai in person. Now, he was Luo Hai’s teacher. From the very beginning, Ganwu Country Master had not asked Luo Feng for any help. On the contrary, he had been helping Luo Feng all this while. How could Luo Feng not take all these things to heart? That was why he had come here.

“Ganwu, I witnessed what happened in the inner-city of Hong Alliance City,” Luo Feng began.

Ganwu Country Master’s expression froze momentarily, but the next moment, he shook his head and let out a soft sigh. “Greed. It was greed.” He shook his head and sighed again. “The very first time I was annihilated, I reversed time and space to resurrect myself. If, thereafter, I had not been greedy and wanted to recoup my loss, I would not have taken the risk to borrow a true treasure and would not have gone back into the Original Star. That moment of greed. The last annihilation… Because of these, I am indebted to my clan and owe them a true treasure and a series of treasures. That was the greatest loss I ever incurred. Three falls would naturally bring such an outcome.”

Ganwu Country Master shook his head. “If you want to go to the Original Star, you must be very careful. One careless mistake, and you will be annihilated. If you are annihilated, the price to pay would be exorbitant. If I was able to divide myself into other bodies… how advantageous that would be.”

Luo Feng nodded in agreement. The talent of dividing bodies meant that even if one body was annihilated, the main body could still recover over time at its own pace. There was no need to reverse time and space just to be resurrected. The price to pay was small.

“I need to think of a way to repay my debts!” continued Ganwu Country Master. “Some of my good friends have transferred a portion of their Contributions to me, so I could at least return the true treasure that I owed. Yet being able to pay off that true treasure also meant that I would end up owing a few friends another favor. As for my debt to my clansmen accumulated until today, I can’t tell for sure how many eras it will take me to finally repay everything.”

“Greed!” he said again. “If it weren’t for greed, after the first annihilation, I would not have taken another risk. I would have amassed an amount to completely recoup the loss I incurred from being annihilated. By then, it would not have been too late to move on to the next adventure.” Ganwu Country Master shook his head.

Luo Feng understood him. A clan was no charity. Its existence would help its own clansmen, but to do so, it needed the contributions from great beings of the clan! The privilege to enjoy benefits and the responsibility to contribute were interdependent. If Ganwu Country Master continued to owe his clan repeatedly in such a manner, the debt was bound to multiply. Luckily for him, his clan was not forcing him into a corner.

“How much do you owe?” Luo Feng asked.

“Huh?” Ganwu Country Master was stunned and looked at Luo Feng. He could roughly guess his intentions and was hence unable to suppress his agitated emotions.

Could it be Luo Feng, known to be a mobile treasury, was going to help him?

“I am indebted to six universe knights,” he said. “The smallest amount is a few hundred treasure points, and the largest amount is 2,000 treasure points. All six debts put together equal about 1.6 true treasure points. As for my clan, I owe a total of 2.2 true treasure points.”

Luo Feng was secretly taken aback. Ouch! No wonder he could not pay off everything. 3.8 true treasure points was enough to exchange for two to three ordinary true treasures. Such an amount could be worth the entire fortune of a universe overlord. Ganwu Country Master had accumulated an alarming debt.

Of course, Luo Feng did not really care. From killing Bark Mirror Emperor, he had obtained a true treasure armor. Then, in the Land of Extremis, when he killed Demon Sword Knight, who had the abilities of a universe overlord, he won himself another two true treasures, of which one was a heavenly sword that was a supreme true treasure.

As of today, Luo Feng owned Tower Pearl, Star Map, Shi Wu Wings, Nine Tiger River, Golden King Armor, the heavenly sword and armor of Demon Sword Knight, top-tier true treasure series Beast God Armor, pinnacle true treasure Force Armor, the senior true treasure battle sword Cutting Pearl… and he would be getting the supreme true treasure Star Tower soon!

The quantity was plenty, and their quality was high. Of course, the top three were God Beast Armor, Force Armor, and Star Tower. Out of the three, Force Armor and Star Tower had both been bestowed to him by Sitting Mountain Guest. The Beast God Armor series had been won from Ancestor. These three all came from universe supreme masters.

Given Luo Feng’s techniques, getting hold of true treasures was no difficulty at all. The strong would always be strong! That was the underlying theory behind his success.

“I will lend you 1.6 true treasure points,” Luo Feng said. “As for the amount you owe your people, you’ll have to figure that out for yourself.”

“1.6 true treasure points?” Ganwu Country Master felt every cell of his godly roaring with joy. His emotions ran high. Trillions of years’ worth of debt owed to six good friends, all of whom were universe knights… It was so torturous! Especially with Mei Hua Knight constantly berating him. As a universe knight, he was very particular about pride. Yet in the face of all his good friends’ denunciation, all he could do was tolerate it.

But from this day on… all of these problems would be things of the past.

“Luo Feng…” Ganwu Country Master began but said no more. He was thankful beyond words.

At that moment, he received a notification package to tell him that he had received a Contribution worth 1.6 true treasure points, and, another package that was rushing him to return the Contribution to his clan. Of course, Ganwu Country Master was not in a rush to return to his clan yet. After all, his clansmen would not be put through embarrassment.

“I can only help this much; the rest is up to you,” Luo Feng said, and he stood up.

“This favor is really… Haha…” Ganwu Country Master could not hold back his laughter. “I’m sorry, I’m forgetting myself here… This stress that has been weighing on me for what feels like an eternity. Today, all of it has been lifted off me. What follows will be to gradually return to my clan.”

Luo Feng nodded. Ganwu Country Master had helped his family so much, and this would be a way of repaying his kindness. Helping him with 1.6 true treasure points should suffice. What he owed his own clan would serve as a form of reminder and pressure on Ganwu Country Master.

“I will make a move first.”

Luo Feng disappeared the very next moment.

Ganwu Country Master stood unmoving, his eyes lit up, bright then brighter.

“Hahaha…! Hahaha! Hahaha…!” Ganwu Country Master turned up his head and laughed. His joyful laughter resonating throughout the entire palace. Servants hand-picked by Ganwu Country Master looked at one another. They had never heard him laugh so happily before. He was laughing without inhibition.

Ganwu Country Master immediately transferred the Contributions to his six good friends accordingly.

The six universe knights contacted Ganwu one after the other.

“Ganwu, you actually returned the Contributions?”

“Where did you get them from?”

“Ganwu, what I did in the Hong Alliance City earlier on was unintentional. I just had an anxiety attack. Where did you get the Contributions from? If you are really at wits’ end, do not just act recklessly. Taking a little more time is fine. I can still pull through.”

Ganwu Country Master was in a very good mood, so he chatted with every one of these six universe knights.

“All my stress, gone in a day.” Ganwu Country Master felt relaxed, but at the same time, he sighed to himself. This Luo Feng’s progress was unbelievable… within the blink of an eye, he had transferred 1.6 true treasure points over to him.

In the starry sky of the universe, amidst the darkness, there was an indistinct space whirlpool.

“The path to Original Star Number 02818?”

Luo Feng stood in the middle of the starry sky with silver wings widely spread. The Force Armor that he donned appeared silver; on his back was his Cutting Pearl Sword.

“Previously, I entered secretly, so no one knew that I, Luo Feng, has entered an original star,” he said. “There were a few knights within the Hong Alliance already discussing this… saying that I was purely making excuses when I said that would not lend anyone my true treasures because I wanted to go into the original star. Haha! Of course, I should now enter as my human form. Universe overlords of other races… the mobile treasury in human form is coming!”

Luo Feng took one big step across the starry sky and stepped into that gigantic space whirlpool. There, he was rapidly brought to the original star.


Chapter 1074: A Moving Treasure Vault

Towering mountain ranges stretched across the land, and above the mountains was a great space whirlpool. A silver-winged and silver-armored man walked out of the whirlpool. He stood in the sky and looked around. All was silent.

“Based on the information I have,” said Luo Feng, “during the first few hundred of years when the original stars were open, it was more likely for valuables to be born, and the great beings who had suppressed their desire for an eternity were more excited. This led to more killings. However, after that time, almost all the great beings have gone into hiding.”

Luo Feng shook his wing and started to fly. He looked down at the ground. Although he had arrived at another original star, there weren’t significant differences among the original stars.

After flying for half an hour, he saw a purple object in a lake in a mountain valley below.

“Huh?”

He immediately dove, stood on the lake with his feet, and walked to the target.

“What is this?”

Luo Feng picked it up and examined it. It was a purple cloth that was about 30 square feet in size. Luo Feng penetrated it with a trace of his godly power, and the information contained in it flooded his mind.

The treasure was called “Imitation of Purple Sky.” The invisible godly power could immediately enlarge the purple cloth to cover enemies instantly. Although it was only a treasure, it was the first time that Luo Feng had seen a treasure that looked like a cloth. He sensed that it was a top-tier spiritual force weapon.

“Imitation of Purple Sky?” Luo Feng whispered. “The name is bizarre. Could there be a more powerful valuable named ‘Purple Sky’? Why would a valuable born in the original stars is called Imitation of Purple Sky?”

The more Luo Feng thought about it, the more mysterious he found the universe to be. He already stood among the supreme beings in the universe, but there were still many secrets waiting for him to uncover.

“This treasure might be worth thousands of treasure points. I’m really lucky.”

Luo Feng smiled. This was what usually happened in the original stars, and many great beings were aware that there were numerous valuables on the original stars. However, there were usually many great beings gathering here as well. No matter how many valuables one obtained, once he was killed, he was doing others a favor. Only those with great power could roam the original stars! Like Luo Feng…

Luo Feng didn’t need to be afraid of universe overlords anymore. As for universe masters, they couldn’t teleport themselves on the original stars. And if a universe master arrived, Luo Feng would have known about it through the virtual universe and hid himself away. Besides, with Luo Feng’s power, universe masters’ control over space and time didn’t intimidate him.

Luo Feng strolled on the original star as if he were in the garden of his own home. He was waiting for an opportunity, and his Remote Ocean body was connected to the virtual universe and waiting for the update about Tian Yang Knight. Once he got it, Luo Feng would immediately race to where Tian Yang Knight was.

29 hours after Luo Feng arrived at the original star, a giant, two-headed being lay in the forest. His skin looked like purple crystals. The armor on his godly body was dimming, and he was lying there, waiting for an opportunity…

He was an energy life form—a great being from the Purple Smelting race. The fact that he was walking alone on the original stars proved that he was a universe overlord! Energy life forms were one of the few races who were naturally immune to soul attacks, and the Purple Smelting race belonged to that category. They preferred to be closer to the ground. Many life forms loved to sit when they practiced, but great beings from the Purple Smelting race loved to lie down.

Flourishing Light Horde Leader lay with one of his heads’ eyes closed while the other had them open, fully alert.

“Hmm?” All his eyes suddenly opened, and he spotted a human shape flying across the sky between the leaves of the forest. “It’s a human?”

Flourishing Light Horde Leader stood up.

“A silver wing? And that look…” Flourishing Light Horde Leader looked shocked. “Isn’t that the legendary talent of the human race, Luo Feng? That true treasure wing… How is it possible? Though that human killed Bark Mirror Emperor, he is, after all, only undying. He is, at most, as powerful as a secondary universe knight, and those who dare to show up on the original stars are at least senior universe knights.”

Flourishing Light Horde Leader was thrilled to see Luo Feng. After all, Purple Smelting race was one of the numerous races that belonged to the Northern Territory Alliance, and Bark Mirror Emperor —who had been killed by Luo Feng—was from the Northern Territory Alliance. The great beings from the Northern Territory Alliance surely knew about Luo Feng.

Additionally, the great beings who had inside information had already extrapolated that this peerless genius had at least six true treasures! A soul type true treasure, a spiritual force weapon true treasure, a wing true treasure, and an armor true treasure. Plus, he had at least two true treasures from the Ancestral God School. Six true treasures were much more than all that many universe overlords had. Especially soul type true treasures, which were ardently desired by universe overlords.

They all perceived Luo Feng to be weak, as he was only undying! He was like a human-shaped, moving vault full of valuables available for the taking! There were even discussions within the Northern Territory Alliance that if Luo Feng entered original stars, it would be like giving true treasures away to those lucky great beings of other races.

However, all the races had assumed that Luo Feng wouldn’t be stupid enough to enter the original stars. Based on the information gathered, Luo Feng hadn’t gone to the original stars in the past 20,000 years.

“He’s here? And I haven’t got any news? Am I the first one to find him?” Both of Flourishing Light Horde Leader’ heads were raised up and looked at Luo Feng as he flew. “He’s a peerless genius in the human race. I didn’t think he’d be stupid enough to put himself in danger.”

He was both exhilarated and wary. Luo Feng surely had something to save himself. However, after hesitating for three seconds, Flourishing Light Horde Leader reached a conclusion.

“Humph! He’s only undying! Even if he has a trump card to save himself, can that kill me? Only universe masters are able to do that! It’s impossible for him to hide a universe master in his world ring.” Flourishing Light Horde Leader smirked. “I don’t need to worry about what he has. He can’t threaten my life.”

This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity! thought Flourishing Light Horde Leader. A human-shaped moving vault full of valuables! I can get at least six true treasures if I kill him, and I can exchange one of his true treasures for a senior true treasure armor.

The soul type true treasure Luo Feng had was useless to him, as he was a life form from Purple Smelting race, but he could still exchange it for something he desired!

“It’s an opportunity I can’t miss! If I do, I’ll regret it for billions of years.”

The eyes on Flourishing Light Horde Leader glinted fiercely.

Sou!

He started to speed up in silence I the forest. As for Luo Feng, he was flying in the sky at a moderate speed and looking down at the ground, and Flourishing Light Horde Leader caught up with Luo Feng immediately.

Luo Feng didn’t notice Flourishing Light Horde Leader at the beginning, but Luo Feng saw him when he flew out of the forest.

“Human!”

Flourishing Light Horde Leader surged, and his purple-crystal skin was glowing. Both of his heads turned to face Luo Feng, and his eyes glared at him.

Luo Feng looked down and frowned. “Flourishing Light Horde Leader from the Northern Territory Alliance?” Luo Feng immediately identified him and took out his Cutting Pearl Sword.

“Die!” Flourishing Light Horde Leader shouted.

All six arms of Flourishing Light Horde Leader reached out, glowing with a cold light, and when they approached each other…

Hong! Long! Long!

Their surroundings were trapped in time law domain, which also affected Luo Feng. Flourishing Light Horde Leader took the chance and attacked him.

He puts all his efforts into fighting me—the legendary undying fighter, Luo Feng thought. He used law domain first, after which he is now going to start attacking me. No wonder he’s a universe overlord.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The sky started to glimmer as if stars were shining, but all the lights looked aggressive. It was as if they all sought to kill Luo Feng directly.

Luo Feng still held his Cutting Pearl Sword still after seeing this.

“Flourishing Light Horde Leader’s technique, Flourishing Light World?” Luo Feng nodded. “I’ll use you to test the training I’ve had in the past 180 million years.”

Luo Feng, who had already burned his godly power, started to move the sword in his hands. Meanwhile, engravings showed up on the blade. The engravings were delicate, elegant, and mesmerizing. When Luo Feng waved the sword, gold and space merge law were triggered.

“You dared to fight back?” said Flourishing Light Horde Leader. “Even if you have an ordinary true treasure armor, you’ll die under this attack!” And then, Flourishing Light Horde Leader was terrified. “What’s that?” he gasped.

A gleaming, golden light! Cold! Fierce!

It slashed through all the flourishing lights, and the technique of Flourishing Light Horde Leader was shattered—smashed like an ant. The golden light hit Flourishing Light Horde Leader’s armor, and the power was so strong that the ordinary true treasure armor could only weaken half the power from the attack. The rest of the attacking power was all taken by Flourishing Light Horde Leader’s body.

“Howl!”

A roaring sound from afar blasted the ears of Flourishing Light Horde Leader.

“I, I, I…” Flourishing Light Horde Leader still floated in the sky. And then, just like that, his godly body was annihilated and disappeared into thin air. Only his black armor and six lights were left.

Luo Feng stood in the sky and smiled.


Chapter 1075: It’s Luo Feng!

Under the control of his godly power, the black armor that was suspended in midair and the six, hovering lights made a turn and flew toward Luo Feng.

“An ordinary true treasure armor,” said Luo Feng. “Six ordinary true treasures weapons—should be considered as a series. It has a value that is comparable to a senior true treasure weapon.”

Luo Feng stored the true treasures and then summoned a World Ring to him from afar. This World Ring had fallen to the floor immediately after Flourishing Light Horde Leader was annihilated. Upon checking its contents, Luo Feng only found a dozen or more treasures and some other things. Their accumulated value was not even the value of an ordinary true treasure.

After killing Flourishing Light horde leader, Luo Feng gathered the loot from his victory. His human godly body was set ablaze to display his most powerful trump card and was hence greatly consumed. However, there was his Remote Ocean body to supplement whatever was lacking. Thus, he was able to maintain a pinnacle condition.

Sou!

The moment Luo Feng spread his wings, he transformed into a beam of light and took off. His speed was neither too fast nor too slow; he maintained his flying speed near to the speed of light.

His surroundings were quiet. There was no movement, no traces. No one would be able to tell that a universe overlord had just annihilated been at that very spot just moments before.

The Northern Territory Alliance had an immensely large territory under its control, and within the starry sky where the Purple Smelting race lived in, there was a life planet that was dark red all over. The palace of Flourishing Light Horde Leader could be found on that planet.

The palace was not big, but it was considered to be one of the sacred grounds of the Purple Smelting race. The Purple Smelting race had a total of six existing universe overlords. Universe overlords were by far the strongest beings within the race, which was why the entire race was divided into six different territories, each managed and cultivated by these six universe overlords.

From within the palace, several disciples and servants bowed in worship as they watched a faraway figure approaching. It was the body that Flourishing Light Horde Leader had left behind before he made his way to the Original Star.

This body was weak. But it was, after all, Flourishing Light horde leader’s consciousness, so it could still provide guidance to disciples and handle certain matters without a hitch.

“I—” Flourishing Light Horde Leader revealed a shocked expression.

Peng!

Suddenly, he was annihilated and dissipated into thin air.

“Huh?”

“Horde leader!”

“Teacher!”

Three disciples and a bunch of personal servants who were waiting in the distance were in great shock. The area surrounding this planet was in a sealed space, so even Flourishing Light Horde Leader could not teleport and leave the planet. So how did his body suddenly disappear?

“Don’t worry, there must be some very important matters that needed Teacher’s undivided attention, so he has retracted his godly consciousness. Then, of course, the body will disappear.”

“Let’s take a look at the tokens teacher gave us.”

“Let’s take a look at the tokens.”

The three disciples immediately took out the tokens. The tokens were all parts of a collection of Flourishing Light Horde Leader’s belongings. They were all items that had his life imprint. They were valuables that recognized their owners. Once these items were crushed, Flourishing Light Horde Leader would sense the urgency and go to his disciples’ rescue.

“The token has become an object without an owner!” A high-pitched voice suddenly shouted from among the disciples.

Two other voices corresponded with the same comment, adding to the bleak and grim atmosphere.

“An object without a master!”

“Mine too! An object without a master!”

The three disciples of the Purple Smelting race looked at one another, eyes filled with fear and uneasiness. They had no doubts about what this situation meant! For an object that recognizes its master, that were only two ways to reverse this recognition. One was for the master to personally remove his life imprint on the object, and the other was for the master to be killed.

Since Flourishing Light Horde Leader was not present, there was no way he could have personally removed his life imprints. Then the answer was undoubtedly… that Flourishing Light Horde Leader had been annihilated!

“Hurry up! We have to quickly notify the other horde leaders.”

“Quick! Immediately!”

“Notify the higher-ups!”

Six universe overlords oversaw the entire Purple Smelting race. If one got annihilated, it would be equivalent to the collapse of one of the race’s pillars of support. This, to the Purple Smelting race, was a very scary blow.

A short while later, three universe overlords of the Purple Smelting race who had not entered the Original Star came rushing over. First and foremost, they asked Flourishing Light Horde Leader’s disciples questions about what happened. Then they dismissed all the disciples and servants.

In the palace, the three universe overlords who took the form of purple-crystal skinned, two-headed life forms stood in their designated spots. The atmosphere was suffocating.

“Flourishing Light was annihilated!”

“Who could kill Flourishing Light? And to think he did not even have the chance to ask for help! Flourishing Light owns an ordinary true treasure armor, and his attack techniques were strong. To kill him… could it have been a universe master?”

“Even if it wasn’t a universe master, it must be one of the most powerful universe overlords.”

The three of them fell in silence. Flourishing Light Horde Leader, Jiu Feng Knight, Pei Feng Knight, and Qi Blood Palace Leader were all considered normal universe overlords. There were some other powerful ones. For instance, there were special life-forms of the universe overlord level with life genes level of 8,000 or 9,000 times. Their godly powers were purer those of normal universe overlords by 100 times! When launching attacks, their powers would be 100 times stronger, too!

Furthermore, these powerful universe overlords would be obtaining even stronger true treasures. Their combat powers would certainly be extremely strong. With godly bodies that were massive in size, even if they were to go head-on with universe masters… they would be able to hold out for a long time.

“Going into the Original Star, there is always a risk of being killed. We had better banish that thought… If someone is able to defeat Flourishing Light, we, the Purple Smelting race, really cannot afford to offend them.”

“Hmm.” The three universe overlords nodded in unison.

“We have to enlist help from the Northern Territory Alliance to resurrect Flourishing Light.”

“Flourishing Light is a universe overlord; his resurrection is only possible at the hands of Main Master of Alliance… But Main Master’s temperament is notorious. I’m afraid we have to wait for his mood to brighten up before we can ask him to help resurrect Flourishing Light.”

Elementary universe knights, secondary universe knights, senior universe knights… once they were annihilated, it would usually not take too long for them to be resurrected. It there was a delay, it would, at most, be 1,000 to 10,000 years.

But in the case of universe overlords, things were not that simple. In the whole of the Northern Territory Alliance, only Main Master of Alliance had the ability to resurrect a universe overlord! Other universe masters were unable to do so. Even if the Main Master of Alliance was caught up in some other matters for billions of years… no one would dare make a single utterance.

“Heck, let’s just submit our application to the Alliance. Then we will wait patiently.”

“Agreed. When Flourishing Light comes back, we will know how he was annihilated.”

The Original Star was closing up on the Land of Origin of the universe.

Cruising the sky of the Original Star… the feeling was wonderful. Luo Feng smiled while on the move, reminiscing about the battle earlier on.

“My first time going all out in a battle, the power is massive.” Luo Feng was extremely satisfied with his power. “It is unquestionably an ultimate technique of a universe master. The amount of godly power it consumes is alarming. If I did not have Remote Ocean body consistently supplementing me with energy, I think just that one stance alone would be enough to lose half of my godly body.”

Previously, in the Beast God sector, when Luo Feng and Ancestor were engaged in combat… he did not have to burn his godly body to become an undying body. When his body was not set ablaze, no matter how long he had to toil through a battle, he would not be consuming much of his godly power.

However, in the battle of life and death, Luo Feng had to burn his godly body! Like Qi Blood Palace Leader and Demon Sword Knight, when displaying their ultimate skills, they, too, would consume much of their godly bodies. And Luo Feng’s ultimate technique of a universe master, “Golden Light,” was on a much higher level compared to those of Qi Blood Palace Leader and Demon Sword Knight! Luo Feng’s consumption of energy was unintentional, but after the Golden Light absorbed his godly power… it consumed more than half his godly body! Of course, Remote Ocean body was rapidly supplementing him with what was lost.

What a large consumption! The force was insanely strong!

“Too strong!” said Luo Feng. “I could feel his ordinary true treasure armor becoming helplessly weak under my blade. If I were to just increase the strength of my attack by one level, I think I would have destroyed that true treasure.”

Luo Feng analyzed the situation himself. 9,800 times of the life genes level, 100 times of godly power amplification… Luo Feng’s godly body was not inferior to that of a general universe overlord! Even for the one and only special life forms—such as the World Tree in the Ancestral God Secret Region and the Cold Whale—they might be universe overlords, but their battling powers were comparable to those of universe masters. And their godly powers were purer than Luo Feng’s by just two levels!

But Luo Feng’s ultimate technique of a universe master was stronger than those of the World Tree and Cold Whale by two levels! The advantages he had in terms of his secret technique made up for the lack of godly power. The moment Luo Feng displayed his ultimate technique of a universe master, he would be comparable to the powerful special life forms of universe overlords!

“His true treasure armor was simply sub-standard, weakened to only half his power. Of course his godly body would be annihilated. If he had a senior true treasure armor, I guess, I might only have been able to injure him. To kill him, I would have needed a few more strikes.”

This exemplified the importance of armor. Even for universe masters, not many could achieve attacks that would bring Force Armor to its limit.

“180 million years of cultivation has indeed brought me great success.”

Luo Feng nodded with satisfaction. He was highly accomplished in the studies of pictures of secret engravings, making the mastering of space laws a breeze. Although it had only been a few days since he left the Beast God sector, he already comprehended the final space law, which was none other than the mysterious and complex “Strangulation.” Now, all he needed to do was combine three space laws, namely, “Teleportation,” “Space Sealing,” and “Strangulation,” into one. Then he would become a universe master.

However, the final stage posed a small challenge to Luo Feng. Just like how some great beings were highly accomplished in space laws, yet were stuck in the final stage of the gold laws, Luo Feng was highly successful until now. He was slightly affected at his current stage. Just like Sitting Mountain Guest had said, a breakthrough could happen anytime, regardless of how slow he was. 1,000 years would be more than enough to become a universe master.

“When I become a universe overlord, my godly body will be comparable to powerful special life forms like World Tree and Cold Whale. I will be even stronger in my techniques. By then, I will have to go all-out in becoming a universe master.”

Luo Feng was secretly looking forward to this.

“By then, I will be able to make use of Star Tower readily.”

Luo Feng smiled, then continued flying. He was waiting… Waiting for the next great being like Flourishing Light horde leader to make a move against him.

“Bring it on. I am the mobile treasury.” Luo Feng smirked.

In one of the hilly valleys amidst the deserted plains, three senior universe knights from the Thorn Ring Alliance were hiding. They were silently waiting for energy waves. Among them, Ji Qi Knight was appalled when he raised his head to look up at the sky. He immediately transmitted what he found aloud.

“Look, look! That is the human form of Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng? Are you referring to the human fellow who is always so lucky?”

The other two universe knights looked up with a jerk. The three looked very carefully and tried to make out who the figure was. Silver armor, silver wings, and a black-haired human form…

“It is him! It’s the human form of Luo Feng.”

“It’s him. He has at least six true treasures on him! And that is definitely a soul type true treasure, and even possibly a flying-palace type true treasure.”

“He dares to come to the Original Star. This extraordinary genius really thinks he’s invincible? Such arrogance…”

“Arrogance is good. He is a mobile treasury in human form. But this human form of Luo Feng might have a strong backing.”

“What backing? Even if there is a universe overlord in the Word Ring protecting him in secret, what can he do?”

The weeds around them kept them hidden from view. As they looked up at the figure flying across the sky, all three felt their hearts burning…

The shortest yet sturdiest four-hoofed being transmitted his thoughts as the other two universe knights immediately lent him their undivided attention.

“We have to succeed. Our powers put together will be far stronger than his. Once he escapes, he will take off at a speed near light speed. Then we will not be able to catch up anymore. I have a plan, and I will make it a point to prevent him from escaping.”


Chapter 1076: Prey

The four-hoofed being started to transmit his voice, and the two universe knights listened to it carefully. The four-hoofed being finished the entire plan in less than one second, though they had been staring at Luo Feng, who was flying in the sky in silence… He was their prey, and it would be easy to get his true treasures!

“Get out!” The four-hoofed being gave an order, but he was shocked after that.

Hong! Hong!

Two beings flew toward Luo Feng from two different directions. The four-hoofed being and Ji Qi Knight could see clearly that one of the beings who dashed at Luo Feng was had a godly body that was more than 300 feet long with dozens of claws. His knees were covered with hair, and the green eye he had on his face was glinting with fierceness and greediness.

As for the other, he looked like a human, but he was of bug race. He was lanky with blade-shaped hands.

“They’re in the lead!” Ji Qi Knight opened his eyes wide.

“They’re from the Northern Territory Alliance! Our plan…” another knight said anxiously.

The four-hoofed being roared, “Forget the plan! Let’s attack him!”

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Threes beams of light shot to the sky and flew toward Luo Feng. Both of the universe knights from the Northern Territory Alliance were nervous as well. The strange beast knight transmitted his growling voice: “It’s the bastards from the Thorn Ring Alliance! We were the ones who found Luo Feng first! Don’t let them take him!”

“Luo Feng is ours,” shouted the lanky knight, clenching his teeth and looking fierce.

Luo Feng was the calmest one. He flew leisurely in the sky and saw universe knights of other races flying toward him. He immediately identified them.

“Ke Bi Knight and Ba Xiu Knight from the Northern Territory Alliance. Ba Xiu Knight has an enormous godly body, much larger than the body of Flourishing Light Horde Leader who I killed before. Flourishing Light Horde Leader is around 30 feet tall, but he’s over 300 feet tall… But I bet he doesn’t have a true treasure armor. I can kill him with one move.”

Universe overlords’ godly bodies were not much better at defense than senior universe knights… Usually, universe overlords relied on their true treasure armor! Ordinary true treasure armors were enough when it came to attacks from ordinary overlords. However, in the case of the World Tree, the Cold Whale, and Purple Rain Knight, ordinary true treasure armors wouldn’t help much. Only senior true treasure armors or their better could protect one from being killed after one move.

Of course, if one’s godly body was over 600 miles long, like that of Golden Horned Beast body, he could survive longer even if he only had an ordinary true treasure armor. But if one didn’t have an adequately sized godly body or senior true treasure armor, they would be walking toward their own demise if they were dealing with top-tier universe overlords like World Tree, Cold Whale, Purple Rain Knight, or Luo Feng. Of course, no one alive on the original stars knew of Luo Feng’s real power. The only one who knew about it was already dead. They still thought of him as a human-shaped moving treasure vault.

“Another three?” Luo Feng glanced around. “Ji Qi Knight, Zhu Ka Knight, and Xun Ya Knight from Thorn Ring Alliance. Are they all senior universe knights. Well, they’re not a threat to me.”

Hong!

Luo Feng waved his wing and sped up, starting to flee.

“He’s running away!”

“Don’t let him run away!”

“Quick! That direction!”

Ke Bi Knight and Ba Xiu Knight from the Northern Territory Alliance grew anxious. Though they were not afraid of the three great beings from the Thorn Ring Alliance, they only had two beings while the Northern Territory Alliance had three. Besides, their power was at the same level. Luo Feng might be seized by the great beings from the Thorn Ring Alliance.

“Chase him!”

“Hurry up!”

“Let’s separate and encircle him.”

The three knights from the Thorn Ring Alliance went three different ways and tried to outflank Luo Feng. Their speed surged.

Weng! Weng!

Both time law domain and space law domain arrived, and they started to stop Luo Feng.

“Want to run away? Hahaha… Luo Feng! You’re coming to the original stars for your death.” Ke Bi Knight grinned hideously, and a circle showed up around his hand. He threw it out, and the circle started to bulge. It dashed toward Luo Feng at lightspeed under the control of godly power.

The three universe knights from the Thorn Ring Alliance also grew anxious, but they couldn’t do anything, as the universe knight from Northern Territory Alliance had a spiritual force weapon.

“Don’t worry, that Luo Feng has a spiritual force weapon true treasure,” Ji Qi Knight said. They were relatively farther from Luo Feng, as they had taken off later.

“That’s right! Luo Feng has a spiritual force true treasure weapon.”

“Want to catch me?” Luo Feng roared.

Hua!

Luo Feng held his right first, and stars showed up in the sky. All the 1,000 stars had tightly carved engravings on them, and they formed a gigantic beast god under the godly power! The beast god roared and raced toward that circle.

The beast god’s tail slashed at the circle. The circle bounced away, and it tried to charge Luo Feng again under Ke Bi Knight’s control… It wanted to dodge Beast God, who splashed it away again.

Ke Bi Knight clenched his teeth. “No wonder it’s a spiritual force weapon true treasure. It’s so powerful.”

“Hahaha! You can’t run away!” Ba Xiu Knight made a rumbling voice and started to stop Luo Feng.

Luo Feng turned around. The three universe knights from the Thorn Ring Alliance also started to approach Luo Feng from three different directions.

Five universe knights were encircling Luo Feng in the sky, and Luo Feng was like prey trying to flee. He manipulated his spiritual force weapon to resist his enemies.

Hong! Hong!

The power from the clash between two spiritual force weapons spread.

“Energy ripple?”

“Fight?”

“It must be a set treasure or a true treasure! Quick, go there!”

The ripple attracted the great beings in distance, and Luo Feng was still trying to run away like a frightened bird.

“Quick! Stop him!”

Ba Xiu Knight transmitted his voice. “Beings from Thorn Ring Alliance… We’ve already attracted attention! Although the knights from other races are still far away from us, the longer we spend here, the more likely those other races will arrive here following the energy ripples. We won’t be able to get anything if everyone’s here. How about we cooperate with each other?”

“Damn it.”

The three universe knights from Thorn Ring Alliance were all nervous, but Luo Feng was too swift. He was able to turn his direction and change his speed at will! And with that spiritual force true treasure weapon, the five failed to encircle him. Another reason for the delay was that the beings from the Thorn Ring Alliance and the Northern Territory Alliance were not cooperating.

The four-hoofed knight transmitted his voice. “Okay, let’s cooperate. Let’s kill Luo Feng together, and as for his true treasures, we’ll see how powerful we are.”

“Okay,” Ba Xiu Knight agreed.

They wouldn’t divide the true treasures equally. After all, they were from different alliances. It would be a joke if they believed in equal distribution.

The five universe knights officially formed an alliance. They started to block Luo Feng from different directions by encircling him. He now had less and less space to change direction! Besides, Ke Bi Knight and Ji Qi Knight had spiritual force weapons, which put Luo Feng in a worse situation.

Hong!

Suddenly, golden, tumbling waves showed up in the sky. They covered an area with a diameter of 19 million miles, enveloping those universe knights.

“It’s a domain!”

“It’s a domain type valuable… We can’t catch him anymore!” Ji Qi Knight shouted with haste.

“The resistance from the domain is not strong. It might only be a domain type treasure, not even a top-tier treasure.”

“Quick, catch him!”

All five universe knights were stunned by the endless waves, and Luo Feng took the chance to escape their encirclement. However, they quickly found out that the waves didn’t have strong resistance, and it wasn’t even a top-tier domain type treasure! If it were a domain type top-tier treasure, it would have been more valuable than an ordinary true treasure…

“The resistance is not strong.”

“Catch him!”

All five universe knights returned to outflanking Luo Feng. Although the resistance was not strong, it made it much easier for Luo Feng to dodge and stall for him.

“Hahaha… Look! It’s the human, Luo Feng.”

“It’s Luo Feng.”

“Quick!”

Three teams flew from different directions. It was difficult for them to see clearly what was going on in the waves, yet Luo Feng was the one who moved the fiercest and most quickly… Although everything in the waves appeared blurry to them, they could tell which shadow was Luo Feng through the true treasure wing and the beast god formed by spiritual force weapons.

“The human Luo Feng came here as well.”

“Look, it’s the Thorn Ring Alliance! Hahaha…! And Ba Xiu Knight from the Northern Territory Alliance! No wonder they’re trying to encircle him. It’s the human, Luo Feng!”

“Quick! Luo Feng has at least six true treasures! And one of them is a soul type true treasure.”

“Go!”

There were now a total of eight universe knights in three teams. They rushed into the golden waves.

In the waves from Nine Tiger River, Luo Feng was peaceful inside even though he appeared to be in a panic.

Another eight, he thought. From the Demon Alliance, the Nine Territories Alliance, and the Bug Race Alliance. Oh? There’s a universe overlord among them. Luo Feng nodded. 12 senior universe knights and one universe overlord. Time to reel them in!

Luo Feng finally manifested all his power.

Hong!

He burned his godly power infused in the Nine Tiger River. Gold law domain arrived at the same time, merging with the Nine Tiger River.

Hong! Long! Long!

The resistance within the golden waves became much fiercer and denser, as if it had transformed from harmless stream to strong glue! The resistance surged threefold, making it incredibly difficult for the 12 senior universe knights to fly.


Chapter 1077: It’s a Trap!

Nine Tiger River was vast and mighty as it hovered in the area, occupying an area that was tens of millions of miles wide. With Luo Feng’s godly power giving it the ultimate boost—especially now that Luo Feng was so highly accomplished in his techniques—merely the secret engraving sculpture of this Nine Tiger River posed no difficulty. He could easily decode the engravings to boost it to its limits.

Its mighty power had ridiculously strong pressure, combined with Luo Feng’s life gene level that was increased by 9,800 times and his godly power, which had been amplified 100 times. If Nine Tiger River were to undergo a complete boost with such conditions…

If the Nine Great Beasts within the Nine Tiger River were to join forces, they could easily annihilate a secondary universe knight. Even if they were to attack as separate entities, one was more than enough to seriously injure a secondary universe knight.

Falling into Nine Tiger River, even a senior universe knight would find it arduous to fly or move about!

“True treasure!”

“It’s a domain type true treasure!”

“That human form Luo Feng hid his true powers earlier on. He concealed the power of this domain type true treasure.”

Ji Qi Knight used voice transmission to communicate with Zhu Ka Knight who was nearby. The four-hoofed Zhu Ka Knight tried his best to make his way to Ji Qi Knight but found his speed of flight absurdly slow. He used voice transmission out of anxiety, saying, “Why did that human form Luo Feng hide the power of his domain type true treasure? If he released its power earlier on, he would have been able to escape from us easily. Yet, he didn’t! What is his motive?”

Ji Qi Knight and the four-hoofed being were flustered. The sudden surge in power of Nine Tiger River made them feel uneasy. They sensed something amiss!

“It’s a trap!”

“Yes, it must be a trap! We have to leave this domain quickly! Within this domain, the speed we are flying at is laughably slow. If a strong enemy appears, we will be defeated!”

“Hurry!”

“Hurry up!”

They were not confident, but taking risks on a place like the Original Star kept the knights of other races vigilant. Every single one had been blinded by their greed into a frenzy as soon as they saw Luo Feng; out of 13 knights of other races, there were some who were still reluctant to give up or still sought his treasures by seeking his human form. However, for most of them, now that they realized something was amiss, the immediate decision was to leave right away!

In the middle of Nine Tiger River, Luo Feng stood in silence with his wings outspread. He had a bird’s eye view of the entire Nine Tiger River and knew every move the 13 knights of other races made. “Starting to panic?” said Luo Feng. “Maintaining great vigilance. What a pity. You are too late.”

Luo Feng grasped the handle of his Cutting Pearl Sword from behind and lightly drew it out. The cold blade met with no obstructions within the waters of the Nine Tiger River. He was in total control because… this was Luo Feng’s territory.

Hong!

By his side, a golden horned beast that was black all over was also hovering in midair.

“Golden Horned Beast body shall stay on the outside to attack while I kill from the inside… Let no one escape.” Luo Feng gave his orders silently. “God Beast, transform!”

Hua! Hua!

Luo Feng and Golden Horned Beast transformed at the same time. Golden Horned Beast’s hooves and claws grew bigger and bulkier. Its head also changed. Other than its pair of wings, it looked just like a Golden Beast God. Luo Feng’s human form was also changing. His godly body grew slightly taller. Scales began to appear on his skin, and his eyes glowed with a faint tinge of gold. Although his godly power amplification had reached the limit of 100 times, under the transformation to a Beast God form… he was even more at ease as he carried out a slaughter… with the “heart of Beast God.”

“Kill! Let’s begin!”

Luo Feng made his move and swooped directly at the strongest one of the group trapped in Nine Tiger River a universe overlord known as “Para-chopper Knight.”

Para-chopper Knight was the calmest of the group trapped in Nine Tiger River. He was from the Bug Clan Alliance, but he was not originally from the bug clan. He did, however, enjoy a most respectable status because he wielded great power! He was skilled in close combat and was very powerful. Plus, his soul was naturally strong in defense. The only weakness he had was that his godly body was small; his height was a mere two and a half feet. That was why he was very particular about defending his godly body. The most valuable thing on him was none other than a suit of senior true treasure armor!

Once he sensed the great surge of power of Nine Tiger River, Para-chopper Knight understood what was going on instantly. “We have been tricked! It’s a trap! Human form Luo Feng was the bait, purposely used to attract our attention to get us to move nearer. His world ring must have universe overlords or equivalent life forms hiding away… The situation is unfavorable to us here! We have got to leave right away!”

Para-chopper Knight held onto a gigantic sword. He sliced through every obstruction in his way and flew off. His speed was the fastest!

“Huh?”

Para-chopper Knight frowned. He sensed that the other races were near. Although he had unsettling feelings, he was not afraid. He did not sense that there were universe masters hidden in Luo Feng’s world ring. And if there were no universe masters, common universe overlords did not pose a great threat to him.

“Within the human race, the most fearsome universe overlord, ‘Heaven Erosion Palace Leader,’ has since been spending his time hidden deep within the human race secret region. He rarely makes appearances. There is no news about Star Prison Devil Master’s intentions to enter the Original Star. So other than two or three of the most powerful ones, universe overlords from the human race are nothing to fear.”

Para-chopper Knight had just finished analyzing the situation when a golden light appeared before him. Its beauty was so enticing that it was soul-awakening… This golden light came from the blade that sliced through the water surface of Nine Tiger River.

Seemingly slowly and with an unrivalled gracefulness, the blade found its way to Para-chopper Knight. With widening eyes, Para-chopper Knight grew shocked and increasingly furious. He waved his huge sword with all his might, using his strongest skill—Arbitration of Fate!

Peng!

His huge sword was cast into the air, where it tumbled about in the golden river water. Icy cold, razor sharp pain erupted as the golden blade hacked right through Para-chopper Knight’s godly body.

“This… What swordsmanship is this?” he gasped, paralyzed with fear. “This is… This is more fearsome than any other universe overlord I have met in a long time!”

The swordsmanship was so beautiful that it was earth-shattering… It could certainly bring the limit of the path to a whole new level! A new limit of the law!

Peng!

The power of this one strike reached the limit of a senior true treasure armor straight away. Where the true treasure armor was supposed to weaken the impact of attacks to 1/10,000th of their power… this one strike was weakened merely to 1/1,000th!

In an instant, 62 percent of Para-chopper Knight’s godly body was consumed. Barely scraping through this strike, Para-chopper was scared out of his wits.

“Even with my senior true treasure, more than half of my godly body was consumed,” he said. “Not good!”

He had no doubt that the next strike would take his life for sure. This poignant golden light from that blade would once again appear before him!

“Quick, escape!” Para-chopper knight transmitted a shrill voice with his godly power!

Peng!

But under the glowing blade’s next strike, Para-chopper Knight’s petite godly body was annihilated in an instant, leaving behind an exquisite true treasure armor that emitted a faint purple light suspended in midair. As for the world ring and huge sword, they had been cast into the distance a moment before.

Two strikes to kill him, thought Luo Feng. Seems like with my ultimate technique of a universe master, those universe overlords with senior true treasure armors will still be able to put up a tough fight… And this time, it was just a small godly body. If his godly body had been as big as the Golden Horned Beast’s, no matter how many thousands or tens of thousands of strikes I make, I’m afraid I still wouldn’t have been able to kill him.

Luo Feng was quick to realize his weak points. His swordsmanship was already very strong, but it barely surpassed the limit of a senior true treasure armor. Senior true treasure armors would still able to provide his enemies with an extremely strong defense.

“Oh? Starting to panic?” said Luo Feng, looking around. “Let’s continue then.”

Luo Feng held his Cutting Pearl Sword, his pair of wings spread wide open to form an arc shape as he charged toward another senior universe knight, his next kill.

Yes, panic! Out of the 13 knights of other races trapped in Nine Tiger River, when the most powerful of them, Para-chopper Knight, knew he was never going to make it past the second strike, his shrill transmission made the rest of the knights crazy with worry.

“Hurry up and escape!”

“It’s a trap!”

“Even Para-chopper Knight cannot ward off his strikes! Quick, quickly escape!”

“Ah!”

“It’s a great beast… Ah!”

Piercing shrieks were transmitted throughout Nine Tiger River with godly power as the medium.

Hong!

The aftermath of the fight came in rumbling waves. Compared to Luo Feng’s cold, decisive, clean-cut swordsmanship, the Golden Horned Beast was wild with fury—simply unstoppable!

“Roar!”

In sync with the looming roars, the hideous black beast god, the armored Golden Horned Beast, lowered his head and charged forward at high speed. With one single collision, the longest horn on his head rammed hard into Ji Qi Knight’s body. Ji Qi’s eyes widened in fear, then—bam! His godly body was annihilated. With only a single top-tier treasure armor on him, there was simply no way he could put up any resistance against such an attack from Golden Horned Beast.

“It’s a trap!”

“That human form of Luo Feng is only bait! There is a strong universe overlord who is much stronger than Para-chopper Knight! He is after our lives, hurry…!”

“Hateful humans!”

Bitter and forlorn, sad and shrill, reluctant and begrudging, all sorts of roars rang out. Yet, with his Cutting Pearl Sword in hand, Luo Feng, who had been beast-deified, was cold-blooded as he roamed the sky above the golden river. His Cutting Pearl Sword cut through the universe knights one at a time. Under the poignant golden light of his blade, senior universe knights were annihilated one by one. Most of them were from other races that did not even have any ordinary true treasure armors; they did not have a shred of hope of warding off Luo Feng’s advances.

Luo Feng attacked from the inside out, but Golden Horned Beast worked in the opposite direction, attacking from the outside in. There was no way any of the universe knights of other races could escape. It was clear that these senior universe knights were moving at a snail’s pace in Nine Tiger River, and the only one who was able to fly at a high speed—Para-chopper Knight—had been the first to be exterminated. As for the remaining ones, all hope was lost.

The number of knights of other races trapped in Nine Tiger River was consistently dropping. Eight, six, three, two, one…

Outside the mighty Nine Tiger River, the battle had attracted the attention of knights of various races who were slightly further away. As many as six teams of universe knights were already observing the situation within Nine Tiger River from a distance. Among these six teams of knights, there was a total of 15 knights and one universe overlord.

“It’s a trap!”

“He’s just the bait!”

“Quickly escape!”

Shrill voices were transmitted via godly power. A multitude of voices were transmitted all over, and the six teams of 15 knights of other races watching from a distance could not help but shudder.

They watched on from afar. Their view was obscured by the massive river waters, so they could not clearly see what was going on. Yet, they could sense the happenings within Nine Tiger River. In the beginning, there had been a very strong sources of energy, followed by piercing screams and begrudging roars shouting, “Luo Feng is bait! It’s a trap! Universe overlord!”

But a fleeting moment later, silence prevailed.

All was dead silence.

At this point, the six teams of knights of other races, all hovering in midair while watching the entire episode from afar, felt a hair-raising horror. They knew… every one of the knights trapped in there had lost their lives.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

A lone figure appeared in the middle of the golden, flowing river. He carried his battle sword on his back with a pair of wings outspread, and he sported a head of black hair. He was scanning the six teams of knights from thousands of miles away. At that moment, none of the knights dared make a sound.


Chapter 1078: Top-Tier Universe Overlord

A gigantic wolf with silver hair was floating in the sky.

“How brave you are, Luo Feng,” it said. “You dared to use your own body as bait to attract universe knights to attack you. Then you let a universe overlord out to trigger the domain type true treasure to trap the knights of other races and slaughter them.”

He had a godly body of around six miles, and he was staring at Luo Feng who stood in the golden waves.

“Thank you for your compliment, Bi Fa Knight,” Luo Feng said, nodding good-naturedly.

Bi Fa Knight would be more difficult to deal with than Para-chopper Knight, whom he just killed. First of all, Bi Fa Knight was actually from the demon race, and he had more true treasures. Besides, Bi Fa Knight had a much larger godly body… It would take more time to kill him.

“Humph!” Bi Fa Knight growled in anger. “Which universe overlord was it? It must not be an ordinary universe overlord if he can kill Para-chopper Knight that easily. Which one? Heaven Erosion Palace Leader? World Tree? Star Prison Devil Master? Any one of you has a great reputation! I respect all of you, but shame on you for using this Luo Feng as bait to attract and slaughter us!”

As Bi Fa Knight’s voice resounded through space, Luo Feng couldn’t help smiling. Heaven Erosion Palace Leader, World Tree, and Star Prison Devil Master… Interesting guesses.

There were quite a few universe overlords within the human race, but most of them were at the ordinary level like Bi Fa Knight and Qi Blood Palace Leader, as humans were only ordinary life forms. World Tree, Star Prison Devil Master, and Heaven Erosion Palace Leader had unique experience and clone techniques, which was why they stood at the top among the universe overlords!

Under normal circumstances, the number of top-tier universe overlords was equal to that of universe masters within each alliance. There were more than ten universe masters within the human race, but there were only three top-tier universe overlords, and it was because humans were only ordinary life forms.

As for the Ancestral God School, which gathered a large number of special life forms, it had more top-tier universe overlords. Also, the Northern Territory Alliance had numerous races and quite a few top-tier universe overlords.

The universe knights of other races were secretly discussing things among themselves, felt that the entire situation was unfair.

“This is outrageous.”

“Such a demeaning thing to do. The human race is a pinnacle race, and it’s shameless of any of them to do such a thing. Those knights would have avoided universe overlords if they saw him, but nobody expected them to play such a move—using Luo Feng as bait!”

Though the universe knights of other races were furious, they all remained in the distance, as they could leave instantly.

“World Tree? Star Prison Devil Master?” The silver Bi Fa Knight was still shouting. “Heaven Erosion Palace Leader?” He seemed to be trying to force the mysterious being show himself.

“Bi Fa Knight, none of them is here,” Luo Feng said with a smile, stepping on the golden waves. “I’m the only one here.”

“Humph! Only you?” The silver wolf grinned.

The other 15 knights assembled all shook their heads. They had all heard the shrill scream of a strange beast, and it clearly came from a top-tier universe overlord who could fight in the shape of a beast.

“Which universe overlord is it? Show yourself!” the silver wolf shouted again.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The golden waves disappeared.

Luo Feng broke into laughter. “Bi Fa Knight, I’ve already told you. Only me.”

“You dare to do something shameless like this even after gaining your reputation!” said Bi Fa Knight. “Such a deceitful human.”

“Bi Fa Knight, do you want to die?” Luo Feng shouted.

Sou!

He dashed at Bi Fa Knight like a beam of silver light, and Bi Fa Knight quickly sped up and flew away. He knew that he needed to stay away from that human Luo Feng. Otherwise, he would be trapped in the domain if Luo Feng let out that domain type true treasure. He was as powerful as Para-chopper Knight.

“Go! Go!”

Other universe knights followed Bi Fa Knight and flew away.

Luo Feng stopped and looked at the universe knights of the other races running away in fright, and he chuckled. “I wanted to have an actual conversation with you guys. Since you’re not interested, I have to leave now.”

Sou!

He flew away and stopped chasing those knights.

“Humph!” Bi Fa Knight growled. “He dared to be so rampant and arrogant. He’s nothing if he doesn’t have that top-tier universe overlord with him! And he would’ve been ripped into pieces if he acted alone.”

It was shocking that 13 universe knights of other races had been killed by Luo Feng. After all, under normal circumstances, only one or two universe knights would be killed if a single ordinary true treasure was born. And only senior true treasures or even top-tier true treasures could lead to such a massive quantity of deaths.

Inside the towering palace of the Thorn Ring Alliance, Ji Qi Knight stood at the bottom of the palace with veneration. He was one of the universe knights who had been killed.

“Universe master.”

“Ji Qi,” said an indifferent voice. “You said that 13 universe knights were killed?”

“Yes,” answered Ji Qi Knight. “Among the 13 universe knights who got killed, there was a being from our alliance, the Bug race alliance, the Northern Territory Alliance, the Demon Alliance, and the Nine Territories Alliance. And one of them was a universe overlord from the Bug race Alliance. I am the only one who has a clone technique, which is why I reported what I happened instantly. As for other alliances, they may not have gotten the news yet.”

“Who did it?” the indifferent voice asked. “Star Prison Devil Master? Heaven Erosion Palace Leader? World Tree?”

“It’s a black, strange beast, and he’s terrifically powerful,” answered Ji Qi Knight. “He must be a great being following the path of gold beast god. Besides, that strange beast is a high achiever on the path of gold beast god, and his power is close to that of a beast god. I was killed instantly.”

“Beast god path? Is it Star Prison Devil Master? But he doesn’t follow the path of gold beast god.” The voice sounded confused.

“I’m certain that it was a black, strange beast,” Ji Qi Knight continued. “His attacking technique is mysterious and far superior to mine.”

“You think that black, strange beast could really kill Para-chopper Knight?”

“Yes, he can.” Ji Qi Knight nodded. “I won’t have been that helpless even if Para-chopper tried to kill me himself! However, I wasn’t even able to defend myself against that black, strange beast. I was killed after only one attack. I felt that the strange beast didn’t even utilize all his power. He could surely kill Para-chopper Knight if he wants.”

“Weird. When did the human race have a strange-beast knight?” The voice sounded baffled.

A being walked down. It was a female universe master wearing purple armor with hundreds of horns on her head. She looked seductive yet apathetic, which intimidated Ji Qi Knight. It was Piercing Heart Master from the Thorn Ring Alliance, who was in charge of many issues within the Thorn Ring Alliance. Her level of authority within the Thorn Ring Alliance was equivalent to Primal Chaos City Leader of the Hong Alliance.

“Strange,” Piercing Heart Master whispered. “Is it Luo Feng who’s on the path of gold beast god? That doesn’t make sense either, as Luo Feng’s still weak. Even if he becomes a universe knight, he still has low law comprehension, and he should be at the fourth or fifth level of the beast god path! He can’t even create the ultimate techniques of universe overlords with such low law comprehension.”

Ji Qi Knight nodded. “It’s definitely not Luo Feng! Whether he has become a universe knight or not, he doesn’t have such law comprehension.”

“That’s right. There’s no news from Redbud Island telling us that he received a beast god inheritance.” Piercing Heart Master frowned. “Could it be that Primal Chaos City Leader arranged a supreme being to protect his disciple?”

“There are hidden supreme beings within the human race?” Ji Qi Knight murmured.

Piercing Heart Master glanced at him. “No. There are only three top-tier universe overlords within the human race, but there are more in the Hong Alliance.”

Ji Qi Knight now understood. Though the Hong Alliance was an alliance centered around the human race, many great beings from other races were also members.

Ji Qi Knight couldn’t help asking, “Universe master, are you going to deal with them? A top-tier universe overlord used such a demeaning move to trap us. Top-tier universe overlords are almost as powerful as universe masters, and he was basically slaughtering us.”

“How?” Piercing Heart Master chuckled. “You claim it was he who slaughtered you? On the contrary, you encircled him because of greed and were slaughtered as a result. If a universe master or a top-tier universe overlord goes to the original stars and slaughters groups of great beings deliberately, it would lead to public outrage. However, nobody can say anything if you provoke them in the first place.

The news of the slaughter spread like wildfire, but none of the powers treated it seriously. To them, it was just a group of knights who had foolishly gotten themselves killed because of their greed.

Besides, no other powers knew who this top-tier universe overlord was, aside from the Thorn Ring Alliance. After all… The task of reviving senior universe masters would be distributed to a universe master.

Inside the Hong Alliance Palace.

Six palace leaders sat on the thrones, talking and laughing.

“Interesting…”

“Interesting, indeed. They wanted to kill Luo Feng, yet they all got killed.”

“Primal Chaos City Leader, you must have arranged this. Without your arrangement, what top-tier universe overlord would be willing to stay in Luo Feng’s world ring? Tell us, which universe overlord Is it? We haven’t figured that out yet.”

Primal Chaos City Leader was smiling, but he was also baffled. He didn’t know either!

Has Luo Feng become friends with a top-tier universe overlord…? Primal Chaos City Leader wondered.


Chapter 1079: Reputation Gained

In the sky of another original star floated churning golden rivers, and nine strange beasts were swimming and roaring in the water. Three universe knights from the Northern Territory Alliance transmitted their voices using their godly power.

“It’s a domain type true treasure!”

“Such strong resistance! I can’t imagine that Luo Feng would have such a true treasure! No wonder he’s a super-talent from a pinnacle race; he has a domain type true treasure even if he’s this weak.”

“It seems that we won’t be able to kill that human Luo Feng this time. Let’s go.”

“Let’s go.”

The three universe knights tried to break the resistance from the water and fly out, but they could only fly slowly. All of them started to curse Luo Feng, as he was only undying. He was powerful enough to kill Bark Mirror Emperor, but they all thought he was only as powerful as a secondary universe knight. However, he had a domain type true treasure! And together with the soul type true treasure that was confirmed, he had much better true treasures than many universe overlords.

“He wouldn’t have gotten away if it weren’t for his domain type true treasure.”

“Lucky him.”

Suddenly, a blurry, black beast showed up in the churning golden water, and the fierceness in his dark, golden eyes immediately terrified the nearest universe knight. He transmitted his voice hurriedly, “Careful!”

Hou!

The black, strange beast hit the universe knight’s chest like a beam of golden light, followed by an ancient, low growl.

Hong! Long!

The top-tier treasure armor on that universe knight was instantly shattered, and his godly body was annihilated. The black, strange beast started to charge the second universe knight. He barreled over him like a steamroller.

“It’s a trap! A trap!” The only universe knight who still survived opened his eyes wide and started to roar with his godly power. “That human Luo Feng is bait! He’s bait!”

Hua!

The blade slashed him across the back. The third universe knight attempted to resist the strange beast and felt his godly body quiver. After which, he felt nothing.

“It’s too late for you to realize your mistake,” said a voice.

The silver-armored, silver-winged form of Luo Feng stepped forward, holding Cutting Pearl Sword. He took a glance at the true treasure shatters, weapons, and world rings, and he seized all of them. He put his Cutting Pearl Sword back into his scabbard, and the Golden Horned Beast went back to his world ring.

“They don’t have the most updated news,” Luo Feng whispered. “Other powers in the universe don’t have the virtual universe for real-time information sharing. Especially powers like the Northern Territory Alliance and the Nine Territories Alliance that have many races… Especially that Northern Territory Alliance… It has so many races. A third of the universe knights I killed came from it.”

Luo Feng had only realized how many members were there in the Northern Territory Alliance after adventuring the original stars. More than 1,000 candidates came from the Hong Alliance on Redbud Island, but there were hundreds of thousands of them who were from Northern Territory Alliance!

“Some universe knights already know they need to avoid me. But some haven’t heard the news.”

Luo Feng took back the golden waves and flew into the distance like a beam of silver light. Nothing was left in the sky where Luo Feng had fought the universe knights. He took everything.

In the open-air bar of the Hong Alliance.

Luo Feng came here two or three times a week by using Remote Ocean body to connect to the virtual universe. He had been waiting for news of Tian Yang Knight. However, those 10,081 original stars were too large, and Tian Yang Knight was a universe overlord who always acted alone. He might hide somewhere for hundreds or even thousands of years. It would take time—and luck—to find him.

“Luo Feng.”

“Blade River.”

Many universe knights greeted him warmly, and even universe overlords who rarely showed up were polite to Luo Feng. After all, he had a terrific record during his year spent on the Original Star, and the great beings in Hong Alliance all knew about it.

Quite a few universe knights and universe overlords had died because of him. Although they all believed that it was actually a top-tier universe overlord who had conducted the killings, it still showed Luo Feng’s status; a top-tier universe overlord was willing to stay in Luo Feng’s world ring! It would be a pleasure to all the great beings to be friends of a top-tier universe overlord.

Even universe masters valued top-tier universe overlords because they were almost as powerful as universe masters and could be resurrected. As for universe masters, they would stay dead forever if they fell! That made top-tier universe masters special.

“Luo Feng,” said a familiar voice.

Luo Feng turned his head and saw two great beings sitting in the corner. There were no other great beings beside them.

“Gui Yi Knight? Undying Knight?” Luo Feng was startled. He now understood why there were no other great beings around them, as they each had an extraordinary status. Gui Yi Knight was a disciple highly valued by Primal Chaos City Leader, and Undying Knight was a disciple of Gigantic Axe Founder.

Luo Feng walked toward them, grinning. Gui Yi Knight had a bald head and wore a fiery cape and was barefoot. It made one feel tranquil just to look at him, but Luo Feng, who had been through practice for 180 million years, had already significantly improved his willpower and could rival some universe masters. He wasn’t affected by it at all.

Undying Knight had met Luo Feng only once before, and it had been through the virtual universe. Undying Knight wore peculiar armor with tens of thousands of vines on it, and his face was covered by some of the vines. There was wickedness in his green eyes. Luo Feng had been defeated the first time they because he was still weak.

Both Undying Knight and Gui Yi Knight were universe overlords. Previously, Luo Feng and True Yan Emperor had thought of them as untouchable, but Luo Feng could now see their power clearly. Gui Yi Knight was an ordinary universe overlord with greater true treasures, and he was proficient in illusion and close combat. As for Undying Knight, he had a great reputation. His fighting power was also at the level of an ordinary universe overlord, but he had incredible surviving skills; no one had managed to kill him yet, which was why he had the title of “Undying.”

“Brother,” Luo Feng walked toward him and smiled. “Undying Knight.”

Gui Yi Knight smiled. “Sit.”

“You’ve grown so quickly,” Undying Knight said. He had a squeaky and bizarre voice, but Luo Feng was prepared for it, as he had spoken with him before. “You were still weak when I first met you and far from becoming undying. A single look from me could affect you. However, you are already able to shake that off. You’re indeed exceptional. I heard that dozens of universe knights were killed because of you. Incredible.”

“Luo Feng,” said Gui Yi Knight, “both Undying Knight and I are wondering how many universe knights and universe overlords died because of your friend.”

“Not that many.” Luo Feng smiled. “82 universe knights and five universe overlords.”

Both Gui Yi Knight and Undying Knight looked stunned, as they were just as powerful as the universe overlords who had been killed. Of course, they had solid backgrounds and better true treasures, which gave them better surviving skills. Regardless, they still found it unbelievable.

“At the start, those universe knights from other races tried to gang up on me because of their greed,” said Luo Feng, “but they were the ones who got killed in the end. In the first 15 days, many others got killed, too. However, as more and more learn about it, and have started to avoid me. It’s been three months, and I’ve only met one unlucky guy.”

The news was spreading more and more quickly, becoming increasingly widespread. Some universe knights of great fame were falling, which bolstered Luo Feng’s reputation. Even some universe overlords of other races would now avoid Luo Feng.

“Who’s your friend?” Gui Yi Knight asked with a smile. “Can you tell us?”

Luo Feng smiled. “He’s Luo Feng.”

“Stop joking around.” Gui Yi Knight smiled widely. “If you can’t tell us, just don’t.”

Luo Feng was secretly amazing. It seemed nobody believed that it was him who had done all the killings! After all, in the eyes of those great beings, even if he became a universe knight and could complete law comprehension quickly, it would still normally take someone hundreds of millions of years to advance from the fourth-level beast god inheritance to the seven-level. It had only been 20,000 years. He should have been at a low level in techniques—at least, from those great beings’ perspective. He had a powerful godly body, but he was far inferior to top-tier universe overlords like World Tree, Purple Rain Knight, and Heavenly Erosion Palace Leader.

“If you really want to know his name… he is Golden Mountain Knight,” answered Luo Feng.

“Golden Mountain Knight?” said Gui Yi Knight.

Gui Yi Knight and Undying Knight exchanged eye contact. Both were clearly confused. They hadn’t heard of that name.

“Are you joking?” Undying Knight asked.

“Of course not. You’ll know soon.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Is he from another race?” Gui Yi Knight asked.

Luo Feng nodded. “Kind of.”

At the same time, Luo Feng noticed a being who kept looking at him. It was Kuang Zhou Knight.

“Brother, Undying Knight, I’m going to meet my friend.” Luo Feng stood up and walked towards Kuang Zhou Knight.

When they met, Kuang Zhou Knight immediately isolated them from the surroundings and said, “Blade River, I’ve found Tian Yang Knight.”

Tian Yang Knight…

Luo Feng was thrilled. His eyes gleamed.


Chapter 1080: The Runaway Tian Yang Knight

Luo Feng tried his best to control his emotions as he asked immediately, “Where?”

Kuang Zhou Knight told him every single detail he knew, including which original star Tian Yang Knight was on and its coordinates.

“Thank you,” Luo Feng said. He was exceedingly grateful.

“A small matter,” Kuang Zhou Knight said, then asked out of curiosity, “Why are you so concerned about Tian Yang Knight? Is there bad blood between you two? He is a universe overlord…”

“A favor for a friend,” Luo Feng replied with a single sentence.

“Oh,” Kuang Zhou Knight said and nodded, content with this reason.

In the sky of the Original Star, Luo Feng, who had transformed into a beam of light, flew forward. Without warning, he drew an arc with his wings in the air and changed his course to another direction.

I have waited for so many years, he thought. I sought the fourth black metal board to increase my power just for this very day!

With his silver armor and wings, Luo Feng waited with eyes filled with anticipation. The strong beckoning of the Shi Wu Wings was unforgettable. He believed that once Shi Wu Wings and Black Wings were combined, there would be qualitative changes.

Everyone knew that the strength of a true treasure was what determined the ease of finding it. In the course of just under a year, Luo Feng had killed 82 senior universe knights and five universe overlords. However, from the 82 senior universe knights, he only managed to obtain a total of six ordinary true treasures; from the five universe overlords, he only managed to obtain 18 ordinary true treasures and four senior true treasures (ordinary true treasure series could be considered equivalent to senior true treasures). Even if he were to add in the several treasures in their world rings, the total value, upon calculation, would only be 60 to 70 true treasure points.

This was still insufficient to exchange for a top-tier true treasure! And universe masters were all eyeing the top-tier true treasures greedily.

Under normal circumstances, only universe masters would be armed with top-tier true treasure weapons! As for pinnacle true treasures like Force Armor, these might as well be once-in-a-lifetime opportunities, where even someone like True Yan Emperor would have difficulty obtaining them.

I have killed five universe overlords, although they were killed because they attacked me out of greed. But now that the news is widespread, it will be impossible to shun universe overlords, who are always well-informed. I am considered quite wealthy among all the universe overlords, but a top-tier true treasure… I am still a little far from it. Once I have the other pair of wings, however… And once they are combined…

Luo Feng’s anticipation surged. A single acquisition would far surpass close to a year’s worth of killing.

Sou!

Luo Feng sped toward the path of a whirlpool leading to Original Star Number 02881.

In Original Star Number 02881.

“I think a universe knight from the Hong Alliance has just discovered my location,” said a voice.

A bald man with eight arms—a great being from the automaton clan —suddenly emerged from nestled within the bed of weeds. Tian Yang Knight’s godly body was armed with unique technological weapons. For instance, his head was able to turn 360 degrees, providing a high degree of alertness.

“For now, my whereabouts cannot be divulged,” he said. “Just in case, I had better leave here as soon as possible.”

Tian Yang Knight’s eyes revealed a cold glimmer, and with a great shrug of his black wings, he sped up and soared into the sky.

As darkness fell, Golden Horned Beast hovered high in the night sky, surveying the surroundings.

“This is it. Based on the tip-off Kuang Zhou Knight provided, it should be this area.”

Golden Horned Luo Feng scanned the land below. His original earthling body had become so famous that even universe overlords would make a detour if they ran into him, so in order to ensure that Tian Yang Knight would not catch wind of his arrival and have the chance to escape, Luo Feng had rushed over in his Golden Horned Beast body. Also, his Golden Horned Beast body did not make use of Shi Wu Wings. This way… Tian Yang Knight would have no means of knowing that he had arrived.

“Not here…! He’s not here?”

Golden Horned Luo Feng was slightly confused. He had carefully perused the deserted plains filled with weeds. The weeds were very tall. If he did not look carefully, he might not be able to find a great being hiding there.

Hong! Long!

A vast sea of golden waves spread out in an instant, enveloping everything it touched, permeating every inch of the bed of weeds. Within a fleeting moment, the golden waves had engulfed everything in the vast domain within a radius of 19 million miles. Within the area demarcated by the domain type true treasure, not a single great being would be capable of escaping.

“No one?” Golden Horned Luo Feng found it increasingly suspicious. “Rushing over here took me some time, but it was, at most, just over two days. These universe knights who hide in the Original Stars, keeping watch for the right opportunities, normally stay for at least half a year to a year. How can they all be gone?”

Golden Horned Luo Feng looked around the vastness between heaven and earth. There was no way he could determine where Tian Yang Knight was. However, the Shi Wu Wings, which were hidden in his world ring seemed to be provoked and ready to make their move. Obviously, they must have sensed the location of their counterpart… the Black Wings!

“Heck!” Golden Horned Luo Feng growled softly.

The vast sea of golden waves disappeared in an instant. At the same time, the true treasure Shi Wu Wings came out of the world ring and attached to the scale armor on his wings. Beast God Armor also accommodated Shi Wu Wings to allow the assimilation of both. Beast God Armor may have been a set, but its original functionality did not involve wings.

With the assimilation of the scale armor true treasure into scale armor wings, however, the defense level achieved was equally impressive. When it came to speed of flight, the scale armor wings still paled in comparison to Shi Wu Wings. Now that the two were combined, the effect achieved was naturally second to none.

Weng! Weng! Weng!

A strong summon was transmitted from a certain direction, and his Shi Wu Wings shook as though ready to take flight.

“Over there!”

Golden Horned Luo Feng looked far to his left. This strong summoning sensation felt the same as it had back then. It was obviously coming from the Black Wings that belonged to Tian Yang Knight.

“This time, I am not letting you escape.”

Golden Horned Luo Feng quickly spread his wings as his speed skyrocketed. He accelerated without stopping and continued in this manner till he reached a speed near to light speed. Then he flew off in a linear direction.

In a swamp a few billions of miles away from Luo Feng, Tian Yang Knight had become a turbid color as he lay in the water, creating the illusion that he was drowning. Without using godly power or domain to search, just by using the naked eye alone, one would not be able to discover any trace of him.

Weng! Weng! Weng!

Tian Yang Knight’s glowing wings shook, unable to calm down.

“Huh?”

Hua!

A golden-armored head emerged from the swamp, a pair of eyes stared coldly into the distance.

“That’s it…” he whispered. “It’s that Golden Horned Beast. The moment you stepped on this original star, I could sense you. But I did not expect you to approach me here.”

Tian Yang Knight’s eyes were filled with coldness. Of course, he could not forget that battle that had occurred almost 20,000 years ago. The Golden Horned Beast had a true treasure pair of wings that was extremely important to him. At that time, the Golden Horned Beast was clearly much weaker than him in terms of power, but it had a powerful true treasure armor and a massive godly body, which placed Tian Yang Knight at a disadvantage.

“Annoying fellow. Is he here to annoy me again?” Tian Yang Knight gritted his teeth. “Obviously his power does not match up to mine. Yet he has a senior true treasure armor and a huge godly body. Fighting against him… Even when my godly body has been totally used up, he will not have consumed much of his. Annoying. If you did not have such a big godly body, I would definitely fight you.”

Again, Tian Yang Knight clenched his teeth in anger.

Hong!

He immediately transformed into light and flew off in another direction.

Golden Horned Beast could vaguely sense the location where the sound transmission had come from, but as he was approaching it, the position started to move. It was continuously on the move.

“Is he escaping?” Luo Feng was shocked. “Why is he escaping?”

In their previous battle, Tian Yang Knight initially had the upper hand. Luo Feng managed to claim the final victory thanks to his massive godly body, which provided him with a slight advantage. Overall, however, Tian Yang Knight was still the one in control of the situation. It did not make sense to Luo Feng that he was running just because he sensed that Luo Feng was near.

“If you are going to flee, then I’m going to give chase. I shall see how long you can remain on the run.”

Luo Feng continued to give chase at top speed.

The bald great being with eight arms of the automaton clan and the Golden Horned Beast, one after the other, flew across the Original Star several billion miles apart. Yet no matter how fast or how far Tian Yang Knight flew, Golden Horned Beast was able to sense his location with such accuracy that there was no way he could escape.

“Damn!” growled Tian Yang Knight. “Why is he so persistent? Does he think that by chasing me, he will be able to get me to fight against him? Apart from universe masters, even top-tiered universe overlords may not be able to kill me. Damn—if not for the current situation, I would definitely teach you a good lesson.”

Tian Yang Knight was fuming from being hunted down, but he forced himself to hold back the rage that was consuming him from within.

“I shall move on to another original star,” Tian Yang Knight decided. He saw a faraway space whirlpool and made his way over. He went through the space whirlpool and arrived at another original star.

Almost half an hour passed, and Golden Horned Beast made his way to the whirlpool where Tian Yang Knight had disappeared.

“According to what I have sensed, he disappeared here.” Golden Horned Beast saw the space whirlpool and analyzed the situation. “Even if he had self-destructed, that pair of wings was indestructible, so I should still be able to sense it if it was around. Obviously, he has entered another original star.”

Hong!

Golden Horned Beast went through the space whirlpool and arrived at another original star.

Upon entering the other original star, Tian Yang Knight continued flying for another six million miles or so before he stopped to hide.

“That annoying Golden Horned Beast knows he can’t catch up with me. He can’t do anything to me at all. Most likely, he will not give up the chase.”

A short while later, the familiar, strong summoning feeling was transmitted to him again. The Black Wings on his back shook again.

“Damn!” Tian Yang Knight’s immense anger was incomparable. “Golden Horned Beast!” he shouted with unbridled hatred.

If that was not a crucial moment; he could still go all-out to escape from Luo Feng or even summon other great beings from the automaton clan to take down this Golden Horned Beast.

“Good, good, good,” he muttered. “I shall wait for you. I’ll soon show you… the difference between you and I.”

Tian Yang Knight’s anger had reached its limit as he stood in the heartland of the forest, waiting in silence.

Luo Feng was baffled.

“What? He’s not escaping anymore? How strange. Not my business, I guess. Anyway, it’s good for me that he is no longer on the run.”

Luo Feng was brimming with confidence. Unless a universe master made a personal appearance, there was no one Luo Feng feared.

Hong!

Golden Horned Beast flew quickly in the same direction. A short while later, he made it to the sky above the forest where he immediately swooped down to the spot where he could clearly sense the other pair of wings.

The bald being of the automaton race stood atop the canopy of a tree. His Black Wings were in a slight fanning motion as he stared coldly at Luo Feng.

“Annoying Golden Horned Beast!” he growled.

“Tian Yang Knight,” Golden Horned Beast said, approaching at top speed and not slowing down for an instant.

“Damn it!” Tian Yang Knight let out a furious roar.

All the suppressed anger that had accumulated after being chased after for such a long period erupted.

Hong! Long! Long!

Everything between heaven and earth suddenly fell into a vast blackness. Golden Horned Beast, who was initially flying at an extremely fast rate of speed, suddenly felt as though it had fallen into a muddy swamp. It immediately reduced his speed.

Golden Horned Luo Feng was taken aback.

“It’s a domain type true treasure!”

Tian Yang Knight… Since when did he possess a domain type true treasure?


Chapter 1081: Why is it Dark?

On Original Star Number 02881, a being covered with black mist showed up in the sky when the Golden Horned Beast chased Tian Yang Knight into the space whirlpool.

“I saw it correctly. Tian Yang Knight flew into this space whirlpool.”

The being in the black mist nodded. Tian Yang Knight resorted to flying speedily in the sky because of the Golden Horned Beast, and the light coming from Tian Yang Knight was quite eye-catching. This universe knight of another race had been attracted by it. He immediately sent the information to Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress using the body he had on the outside.

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress was a supreme being in the Thorn Ring Alliance, and he was one of the top-tier universe overlords. He was a supreme being who could rival the most powerful World Tree. The reason why he was called the lord of a fortress was that he had a senior flying-palace type true treasure which could protect him from universe masters. Sky Wolf Palace was only a senior flying-palace type true treasure, and it was only slightly better than the fortress.

“An ordinary true treasure? Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress was indeed generous; he gave me such an incredible valuable just for me to track someone down.”

The being in the black mist started to laugh darkly, then flew into the space whirlpool.

“Huh?”

The being from black mist showed up in the sky after going through the space whirlpool and saw a black light in the distance. Though he was tens of millions of miles from it, the domain was so large that he could see clearly what was going on even from afar. This startled him.

“The power is so extraordinary. It must be a domain type true treasure!”

The being from the black mist stayed away from the domain.

Hong! Long! Long!

Suddenly, churning golden rivers collided with the black light. It was as if there were two oceans crashing against each other. The black light kept backing down, as the golden river was just as powerful as it. Two domains dashed against each other…

“Another domain type true treasure?” The being from the black mist was shocked. “Only a few universe overlords have domain type true treasures! And I see two of them who have it! It seems there are two universe overlords fighting! Is one of them Tian Yang Knight?”

The Golden Horned Beast and Tian Yang Knight gazed at each other in the vast forest 60 million miles away from the space whirlpool. Endless black light and golden rivers covered the forest, and the branches, flowers, and grass were destroyed under the shock waves.

“Humph!” Tian Yang Knight grew furious and shouted, “Golden Horned Beast, do you have to fight me?”

“Tian Yang Knight, you should know that you’re not escaping this fight,” the Golden Horned Beast said, glaring at him from afar. “Escape? What makes you think I am escaping? Do you really think your power can rival mine? Humph! I didn’t want to fight you in the first place, but I’m not afraid of you. I just didn’t want to, which is why I used my domain type true treasure to intimidate you. But I didn’t expect you to have a domain type true treasure also.” Tian Yang Knight sneered. “It seems you got lucky in the past 20,000 years.”

The Golden Horned Beast watched from a distance.

Tian Yang Knight added indifferently, “It seems that I have to fight you.”

“Yes,” the Golden Horned Beast said in a low voice.

“Then fight me. Let’s finish this as soon as possible.”

Tian Yang Knight was enraged. He didn’t think that the Golden Horned Beast could rival him! He had fought a top-tier universe overlord before! He didn’t need to be afraid of anyone!

“Come—”

The Golden Horned Beast growled. His armor was dark, and the longest horn, surrounded by five other horns, was sharp as a blade.

Heng! Heng!

There was a black shuttle in each of Tian Yang Knight’s hands, and he gazed at the Golden Horned Beast coldly.

Hong!

Hong!

They acted at the same time, dashing at each other, and so did the churning domains. Rolling rocks were formed in front of the black light while nine strange beasts showed up in front of the golden river. They both tried to suppress one another’s oppositions.

“Damn Golden Horned Beast!” Tian Yang Knight transmitted the voice to Luo Feng. “Don’t you understand that you can’t overpower me? And neither can I, you fool!”

The eight black shuttles became mesmerizing lights. But the sharp and pervading golden light dissipated all eight shuttles.

Peng!

The longest horn on the Golden Horned Beast hit Tian Yang Knight.

Hong! Long! Long!

Tian Yang Knight was stupefied. This was the most terrific attack he had ever endured. Even the attack from the sidekick of Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress hadn’t been as powerful as this one.

Little did he know that although the Golden Horned Beast’s godly body was almost as powerful as the original earthling body of Luo Feng, one of them was 10,081 times, and the other was 9,800 times. And their godly power was almost equally delicate! And both of the attacking techniques they used were the ultimate techniques of universe masters, “Golden Light.” The only difference was that the original earthling body used the senior true treasure weapon Pearl Cutting Blade!

The Golden Horned Beast, on the other hand, used the top-tier true treasure armor Beast God Armor, which was as worthy as a pinnacle true treasure, which made it much stronger!

Tian Yang Knight bounced back, shocked to discover that 22 percent of his godly body was gone!

“How? How is it possible?” Tian Yang Knight found it impossible to believe.

Luo Feng was surprised as well.

He has a senior true treasure armor!

Tian Yang Knight had a moderately small godly body, about 24 feet tall. If he were wearing an ordinary true treasure armor, the Beast God would have killed Tian Yang Knight. Luo Feng could easily feel the resistance from the true treasure armor.

If it was Para-chopper Knight, thought Luo Feng, even if he had a senior true treasure armor, he would have been killed by the Golden Horned Beast, as his godly body was so small.

“A senior true treasure armor?” the Golden Horned Beast growled. “Did you prepare it for the original stars?”

Tian Yang Knight was both angry and shocked. He glared at the Golden Horned Beast in front of him. Indeed, the information shared in the universe said that he had an ordinary true treasure armor, but that was outdated. He had exchanged something for a senior true treasure in his race for the opening of the Original Star.

Last time, the Golden Horned Beast couldn’t feel the difference between an ordinary true treasure armor and a senior true treasure armor, as he had been weaker last time. But this time… the Golden Horned Beast could clearly feel it.

“How?” Tian Yang Knight demanded, glaring at the Golden Horned Beast. “How is it possible? You were much weaker than me before!”

“Stop asking. Die!” And the Golden Horned Beast charged again.

“Want to kill me?” Tian Yang Knight roared. “Don’t count on it!”

Run!

Tian Yang Knight controlled the black light to resist the Golden Horned Beast while he shook his wing and tried to flee. The Golden Horned Beast slashed the black light and flew after him.

Hou!

Intricate golden engravings started to flow on the Golden Horned Beast’s body, and he used his own body as a weapon, emanating with golden light. Immediately, his speed surged and dashed at Tian Yang Knight.

“What?” Tian Yang Knight was shocked. He changed his direction, as maneuverability was what he was best at it.

“I’m good at that, too,” said the Golden Horned Beast as he raced toward him

They kept changing directions, redirecting their course dozens of times in less than a single second. Golden Horned Beast body quickly found out that his ability to change directions was inferior to Tian Yang Knight.

That’s right, thought Luo Feng. His Black Wings and my Shi Wu Wings have the same source. I’ve been practicing on the path of engraving pictures for 180 million years. Though I cracked the way to manifest Nine Tiger River immediately after I came out, I still couldn’t find out the way to perform the third form of the Shi Wu Wings, as that’s much more complicated.

Luo Feng understood it as it was likely that the Black Wing also had a third form that his opponent was using. No wonder he couldn’t catch Tian Yang Knight.

“You can’t catch me. Give up!” Tian Yang Knight transmitted his voice.

He was, however, anxious. The Golden Horned Beast sped up like a beam of golden light, which made him incredibly fast. He had already asked for help from his race, but it would take time for great beings of the automaton race to arrive. Besides, he had fought the Golden Horned Beast before, and he knew that he definitely had the power of a top-tier universe overlord. That meant even if a universe master of automaton race arrived, his control over space and time wouldn’t be able to deal with such a great being… The universe master had to fight the Golden Horned Beast.

“Give up?” asked Tian Yang Knight.

The Golden Horned Beat growled, “I didn’t want to use my supreme move in the first place, but you’re really good at running!”

“Supreme move?”

Tian Yang Knight became terrified. That terrific golden light was already unbelievably powerful, yet it wasn’t his supreme move? He couldn’t imagine how the Golden Horned Beast, who had been significantly weaker than him before, could be so powerful now.

Hong! Long! Long!

The Golden Horned Beast’s eyes looked tranquil, and burning godly power burst out. He was more than 55,000 miles long, and the fight hadn’t even consumed 1/60,000,000th of his godly power. However, after using the move “I Am the Universe,” the godly power flooded out. Everything was enveloped!

The being shrouded in black mist 60 million miles away, who had been following them, suddenly felt everything turning dark. Endless, chaos winds started to blow.

The being in the black mist looked around, dazed. “What’s going on? Why is it dark?”


Chapter 1082: The Wings Were a True Treasure

The miniature universe was vast and mighty, too, with a diameter of 19 million miles. Chaotic airflow spread and filled the entire miniature universe. It was a picture of chaos.

Golden Horned Beast was stationed in the middle of the miniature universe, and its godly body supplied the energy required by the miniature universe to revolve.

Something strange is going on, thought Luo Feng. There is another presence here. A knight of another other race… it’s Evil Fog Knight from the Thorn Ring Alliance. He is extremely skilled in illusions. He seems to be still looking around at his surroundings, unaware of the situation he is in.

The moment Golden Horned Beast successfully brought out the miniature universe, it sensed that there was an additional knight of another race present within the boundaries of the miniature universe. Unquestionably, this unlucky fellow who was about to become a victim.

Luo Feng had shrunk the miniature universe on purpose. The miniature universe was able to reach a diameter as big as 600 million miles but could also shrink to a diameter as small as six million miles! If its diameter shrank, its universe membrane would gradually thicken; if its diameter expanded, the membrane would gradually thin down. This was the fundamental theory of why Luo Feng maintained the same amount of godly power supply to the miniature universe. If he increased the amount of godly power supply, the universe membrane would naturally become thicker, and its power would grow stronger.

With a smaller diameter of merely 19 million miles, a being of another race could still enter.

“Seems to me he must have seen it all,” Luo Feng said to himself.

Indeed, Evil Fog Knight had been observing for a long time from a long distance away. He had witnessed the fight between Golden Horned Beast and Tian Yang Knight at the border of their respective domain type true treasures, and he clearly saw that it was the Golden Horned Beast who was hunting down Tian Yang Knight by watching the two enter the space whirlpool one after the other. Based on this information, Luo Feng easily came up with some quick inferences.

You can consider yourself to be unlucky.

Luo Feng’s thought flashed through his mind in a split second— maybe not even 1/10,000th of a second—and the next moment, Golden Horned Beast rushed at Tian Yang Knight.

“This… What place is this?” said Tian Yang Knight. He looked at his surroundings with fear. There was an endless chaotic airflow all around him. “Is it Universe Ocean? No, I was on the Original Star. How would I suddenly fall into this place? Could this be a domain type true treasure? He already owns a domain type true treasure, so how could he be using another domain type true treasure?”

Hong!

Waves of the golden river came surging from afar. From the front of the golden river, a stampede of nine great beasts was seen rushing to the fore, and behind them was the Golden Horned Beast.

“Have to block it!” said Tian Yang Knight.

His eyes were filled with crazed panic. He wanted to block the vast darkness, but it useless. It was like a giant truck rolling over a small car. With the universe laws empowering the entire miniature universe, the power of the golden river soared by one level in an instant. And Tian Yang Knight’s domain type true treasure was, in turn, suppressed by the universe laws of the miniature universe. Thus, its power was lowered by one level.

This come-and-go cycle brought about a vast difference between the two domain type true treasures, which were actually not so different from each other at the start.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Like cracking icebergs, the vast blackness was easily shattered. It was unable to protect Tian Yang Knight at all.

“What?” Tian Yang Knight was shocked. “I must escape!”

Tian Yang Knight turned and attempted to make a speedy escape. However, the moment the mighty golden waves collided with the darkness, Tian Yang Knight was shrouded by the golden waves. After Nine Tiger River increased its power by one level, flying within its domain would be extremely difficult even for someone like Tian Yang Knight. At that moment, Golden Horned Beast managed to close the distance and appeared before Tian Yang Knight.

“Golden Horned Beast!” Tian Yang Knight roared with rage as he waved the light shuttles his eight arms were holding.

“It’s useless,” Golden Horned Beast growled.

Golden rays lit up once again. Under these sharp and unsympathetic golden rays, the eight black light shuttles that looked so beautiful were cast away like paper. Tian Yang Knight’s godly body seemed so helpless in the face of the long, sharp horns of Golden Horned Beast.

Following the fearsome impact of the collision between both knight and beast, the entire space shook with tremors. With eyes still filled with unwillingness to resign to his fate, Tian Yang Knight’s godly body was annihilated, and he wordlessly vanished into thin air.

Pity, Luo Feng reflected silently. The moment I use the ultimate technique of a universe master, I will not be able to reduce his power accurately. If I could grasp a better control of accuracy, I might have been able to put Tian Yang Knight into a deep slumber.

The stronger the great being, the more difficult it was to put it into a deep slumber. Normally, when the godly bodies of undying emperors were consumed to slightly more than 10 percent remaining, they would need to go into a deep slumber. However, the willpower of universe overlords was incomparably strong; their godly powers were much purer, so even if they were left with only 5 percent or even 3 percent of their godly bodies, they might still be able to maintain a clear consciousness for a split second to self-destruct their remaining godly bodies… Most would avoid fighting a universe overlord until only 1 percent of its godly body was left before it could be put to a deep slumber.

But this was much too difficult in a battle of life and death. It was tough to use all the ultimate techniques to put up a good fight, yet without the confidence to fight an opponent till its godly body was left with exactly 1 percent—especially when the opponent was a great being with a horribly fearsome consciousness… A universe master, even when his godly body was down to 1 percent, was able to maintain a moment of consciousness. Such universe masters would rather self-destruct than risk subjecting themselves to a lifetime of slavery.

The more powerful a being was, the more difficult it would be to enslave it. The only way to have a strong slave was to enslave it during its weak periods. Then, when the being grew in power, they would naturally find themselves with stronger slaves.

Hong!

Under the impact of the collision, Tian Yang Knight’s black armor, silver wings, weapons, world ring, and some other valuable items scattered in all directions…

All come here, commanded Luo Feng.

With a single thought, everything within the control of the miniature universe that had once belonged to the annihilated Tian Yang Knight was speedily manipulated and flew right up to Golden Horned Beast. Upon infusing his godly power… the items quickly started to recognize their new master, one after the other. This led Luo Feng to realize that Tian Yang Knight certainly did not have the talent of dividing bodies.

“Keep!” Luo Feng stored every item in his World Ring right away.

Then he turned and looked off into the distance. About six million miles away a black, misty figure stood surveying its surroundings with due diligence.

“Meet your doom,” Luo Feng said under his breath.

Hong! Long! Long!

A great volume of chaotic airflow rolled over the black, misty figure in a frenzied manner. The airflow seemed to separate into two parts. One part revolved in a clockwise direction while the other revolved counterclockwise—just like a gigantic grinder. And right in the middle, was the black, misty figure.

“Universe grinder, roll and crush!” Luo Feng commanded in a cold demeanor.

The miniature universe was the most powerful talent technique, more powerful than Golden Light, which he had created by one whole level. It consisted of many different tactics. For example, there were normal ones like the “Suppression by Universe Laws” and “Rolling and Crushing by Universe Grinder.” Plus, there were also ultimate tactics that were the most powerful ones, like “Explosion of Universe.”

The ordinary tactics were not considered powerful. For instance, using the tactic Rolling and Crushing by Universe Grinder would not have been enough to kill Tian Yang Knight. However, to a senior universe knight who did not have a single ordinary true treasure armor to speak of, using the Universe Grinder with a power level that was one notch higher than that of Nine Tiger River—let alone the power of a miniature universe—would be more than enough to grind him to death.

Evil Fog Knight was surveying his surroundings carefully when suddenly, he felt an upheaval between heaven and earth, and the two great airflows seemed to enshroud him. Like a grinder moving in opposite directions, the airflow closed in around him, rolling and crushing his body in a frenzied manner.

“Ah! Ah! Ah!” Evil Fog Knight screamed in pain. The rolling and crushing consumed his godly body quickly—from 90 percent to 70 percent and then to 50 percent… The loss was happening at an alarming rate.

“Let me go! I bear no enmity!” Evil Fog Knight was so fearful that he shouted repeatedly. “Let me go!”

But there was no stopping it in this vast, chaotic world. Evil Fog Knight was in despair, and could only bear hatred in his heart. He had not expected to meet his end by obeying Fan Nuo Fortress Master’s command.

“Ah! Ah! Ah!” Evil Fog Knight roared. “Damn it!”

With only 30 percent of his godly body left, Evil Fog Knight roared his reluctance but decided to choose self-destruction.

Hong! Long! Long!

The impact spread in all directions. Evil Fog Knight was annihilated!

“Not even a single true treasure!” said Luo Feng. “Why even bother putting up a struggle?”

Hong! Long!

The miniature universe was put away and disappeared in the blink of the eye. Peace returned between heaven and earth. Hovering in midair, only the Golden Horned Beast remained. All valuables left behind by Tian Yang Knight and Evil Fog Knight after they were annihilated had been claimed.

“I had not expected to lose almost 10 percent of my godly body in such a short fight,” Luo Feng mused to himself.

Opening his miniature universe and charging at Tian Yang Knight had taken nearly three seconds. Killing Tian Yang Knight and taking away his treasures had not taken him more than two seconds. Using the Universe Grinder to roll and crush Evil Fog Knight, however, had taken close to three seconds. Collecting all the treasures also used up almost a second. All in all, it had taken close to nine seconds.

“Go!” Golden Horned Beast spread its wings, shot up into the sky at high speed, and departed.

Luo Feng spent almost a day’s worth of traveling before he finally made it out the original star, and shortly after, he made it back to his god country.

In his god country, the vast place was expanding gradually and continuously. Similarly, the limitless Remote Ocean was also growing bigger every minute.

“In nearly 20,000 years, my Remote Ocean has grown quite a bit.” Donning his suit of silver armor, Luo Feng looked down at everything with a smile. “True treasures!” He commanded with a wave.

The next moment, many true treasures started emerging in midair, one after the other. Many of these hanging in midair were loot he had gained from his victories on the original stars in the past year. The majority were merely ordinary true treasures, and the number of senior true treasures were extremely few. However, killing Tian Yang Knight had been quite rewarding. Other than what he really sought—the pair of wings that was a true treasure—the others that he collected included an ordinary true treasure series (the eight shuttles), a senior true treasure armor, and an ordinary domain type true treasure. Tian Yang Knight certainly did live up to his identity as a knight of the automaton clan.

“This pair of wings is the most important true treasure I have gained,” Luo Feng whispered as he held the pair of wings.

Originally, he had thought that the true treasure was a pair of black wings. However, following the death of Tian Yang Knight, the wings returned to their original color, which was silver—the exact same color as his Shi Wu Wings.

The true treasure pair of wings shook gently as Luo Feng held it, as though it was trying to break free from his grasp and fly away.

“Roar!” Golden Horned Beast was approaching from afar. At the same time, a beautiful pair of silver wings detached itself from him.

“Go.”

Luo Feng let go of the wings.

Instantly, the true treasure pair of wings flew away and approached the Shi Wu Wings, which were also drawing close at high speed. The moment the two pairs of silver wings, equally beautiful, touched…

Ka! Ka! Ka!

The feathers on the wings, which were sharp as blades, started bouncing at high speed. The bottom sections of both pairs of wings sported silver rays of light that were flashing quickly. The two pairs of wings, both true treasures, were under a continuous integration process.

Qualitative changes started to emerge. A gargantuan burst of power was released and spread through the surroundings. The burst of power given out at that moment was the real deal!

This combination was the moment when this mysterious true treasure made an appearance in its truest form.

“So strong… Such awesome power!” marveled Luo Feng, suspended in midair.

He felt dumbfounded by it, yet at the same time, he was increasingly anticipating the result. His emotions were running high.


Chapter 1083: Change in the Wing

The two true treasure wings started to merge with each other like two incredibly delicate instruments, and the engravings on the true treasures formed a larger and more mysterious engraving. The energy permeated… It felt like a long time to watch the scene, but it actually only took less than a minute.

Then everything went back to normal.

The giant Silver Wing was still open in the stillness, and it was mesmerizing. Unlike the other seemingly plain true treasures Luo Feng had, it was as if it were actively showcasing its beauty.

“Four wings?” Luo Feng looked at the Silver-Winged true treasure. The two sets of wings had connected to produce four wings. “Come, Shi Wu Wing, let me feel your power.”

He still called it “Shi Wu,” but the Silver Wing flew toward Luo Feng and merged with him. Luo Feng immediately opened the Silver Wing, which continued emanating endless power. The wing opened, resulting in changes in the space and time around it.

“Space and time?” said Luo Feng. “The engravings on the true treasure wing I got from Tian Yang Knight were of time law, and my original Shi Wu Wings had engravings of time law. Combined, they can affect the space and time around them.”

Luo Feng felt the wings on his back trembling. He kept infusing the wings with his godly power so that he could carefully study the engraving on it. Though he had never studied time law before, he was still studying into the time-law engravings on the Wing. After only half an hour of studying, he grasped the elementary power of the new Wing.

Hu!

Hu!

All four wings on Luo Feng’s back started to move swiftly.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

Above the boundless Remote Ocean appeared tens of millions of images of Luo Feng.

“Hahaha… Incredible!” Luo Feng whispered. “This move can lead to disorder in space and time! I’ll name the first form of my New Shi Wu Wings ‘Disorder in Space and Time’!”

Before the merge, the second form of Shi Wu Wing could lead to space disturbance, and the second form of Light Wing could lead to time disturbance. As for the first form of the new Wings, “Disorder in Space and Time,” it was a combination of space disturbance and time disturbance… It completely twisted the space and time, which made this move unpredictable and mysterious. And it was only the first form of the new Wings.

“There’s a second form.” Luo Feng went back to study.

After three days of study, Luo Feng gave up. After all, he didn’t have a solid foundation in time law, which meant he wasn’t able to derive the second form even if he could drive the first form with his accomplishments in engravings and familiarity with his Shi Wu Wings.

He speculated that the second form of the new Wings must be the combination of the third form of Shi Wu Wings and that of Light Wings.

“Also, I don’t think the new Wing is complete.” Luo Feng frowned “Though the engravings on the new Wings are extremely complicated, some parts are still missing.”

Luo Feng had very broad horizons. After all, he had created ultimate techniques of universe masters, and he often studied the engravings of the miniature universe! Though he still hadn’t completed that, he could tell that there were engravings missing in the new Wing.

“Does that mean there’s a third wing?” Luo Feng was shocked.

That was right! These two wings were definitely only parts of the complete Wing, and based on his knowledge of engravings, there should be a third part!

“The power from the combination of the first two wings could rival that of a top-tier true treasure.” Luo Feng was thrilled. “If I can acquire the third wing, the power will definitely surge!”

Don’t think about it, he thought. Teacher Primal Chaos City Leader had the Shi Wu Wings for a long time, and even he didn’t know that the original Shi Wu Wing was only part of a whole. I was just lucky enough to meet Tian Yang Knight and knew that two wings attracted each other.

Luo Feng knew that Primal Chaos City Leader couldn’t bear any responsibility, as it was impossible to tell the missing part only based on the original Shi Wu Wings or the original Light Wings. Shi Wu Wings had pure space engravings while Light Wings had pure time engravings. Both sets of engravings were perfect, and hence it was impossible to tell what was missing.

However, after they were combined, a “pivot” part was missing between time and space! And the lack of that pivot rendered the wing less powerful than its ideal status.

Luo Feng wasn’t even able the derive the third form of Shi Wu Wing, and he realized that it would take him a long time to understand the second form of his “New Shi Wu Wings.”

“The wings are much stronger, regardless. As for the third wing, I’ll have to see if I’m lucky enough to find it.”

Luo Feng triggered his mind. The true treasures floating in the distance started to be automatically classified

“Remote Ocean body!”

A godly body 5,500 miles tall showed up beside Luo Feng.

“Take the senior true treasure armor! Domain type true treasure… And a senior true treasure blade.”

Luo Feng immediately armed the Remote ocean body with the senior true treasure armor and the domain type true treasure from Tian Yang Knight. As for the senior true treasure blade, it came from one of the five universe overlords Luo Feng had killed.

Take some precious material, treasures, and some other objects, and go back to the earth, Luo Feng thought.

Sou!

Remote Ocean body shrunk to six feet tall, carrying black armor and a purple blade, exchanged eye contact with Luo Feng, and then teleported himself out of the god country.

“It’s useless to leave all those true treasures in my god country,” said Luo Feng. “Um… Teacher True Yan must be craving some true treasures. I’ll choose a suitable one for him later.”

Luo Feng smiled and put the Golden Horned Beast body and Mosha body away.

In the space outside Earth.

Remote Ocean body, dressed in black armor and carrying a purple blade, was standing in the atmosphere. His godly power started to envelop the earth. From now on, he would be tasked with guarding the Earth and the Luo Feng’s family.

Luo Feng made that decision because he found out that Remote Ocean body was useless around him. The godly power of Remote Ocean body was one-tenth as delicate as that of the Golden Horned Beast, and it was only 1,000th as large as the Golden Horned Beast… The original earthling body could draw energies from the Golden Horned Beast when his godly body was consumed, and the Golden Horned Beast body could recover in no time.

As for self-destruction, the power from blowing up the Remote Ocean body couldn’t even compare to that of the ultimate technique of universe masters, Golden Light. Which meant Remote Ocean body couldn’t help at all.

However, Remote Ocean body had strong combat power innately, plus a senior true treasure armor, a blade, a domain type true treasure, and the ultimate technique of universe masters, Golden Light! His power was only slightly weaker than that of the original earthling body and could easily outpower an ordinary universe overlord.

He was adequate to guard the earth. Luo Feng had left his family’s keepsakes so that he could sense it when his families were in danger if his family members crushed the keepsakes. Still, it would be better for him to guard the earth himself.

While Remote Ocean body went to Earth and started to stand guard, Luo Feng went back the original stars…

Inside the Thorn Ring Alliance, in front of a towering palace, a universe master was performing “Turning Back Time.” A shadow stood in the black mist, and the space and time around him were being reversed… However, he kept standing still while bearing all the backlash of universe operation law.

After a long while, everything went back to normal. The universe overlord nodded into the distance and went back to his palace.

“Thank you, universe master.” A giant man bowed.

“I—I’m alive again?” Evil Fog Knight stood there, dazed and overjoyed.

“Evil Fog Knight,” the giant man growled, and Evil Fog immediately flew to the giant man and gave a salutation. “Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress.”

“I told you to follow Tian Yang Knight, and I meant to get there as soon as possible, but I didn’t expect you to be killed,” the giant man said. “I asked ‘Hu Master’ to turn back time to resurrect you. As for the price, I’ll bear it.”

Evil Fog Knight relieved. It was costly to turn back time and resurrect someone.

“What happened? How did you die?” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress questioned.

“This is what happened,” said Evil Fog Knight. “I saw Tian Yang Knight and a Golden Horned Beast fly into the space whirlpool, and I reported it to you. After that, you asked me to follow them… I went into the space whirlpool and saw them fighting each other, and both of them had domain type true treasures!”

“Indeed, that Tian Yang Knight has a domain type true treasure.” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress snorted. “He got it by luck.”

“They were fighting,” Evil Fog Knight continued. “I thought Tian Yang Knight was caught up in the fight too, so I hid elsewhere to watch, as I didn’t dare get pulled into the domain. It was a brutal fight, and their domain type true treasures were at the same level… One belonged to Tian Yang Knight and the other to the Golden Horned Beast.”

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress listened carefully.

“Tian Yang Knight was obviously the weaker one, and he soon attempted to run away,” said Evil Fog Knight.

“Run away? The weaker one?” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress was startled. “Did you recognize which knight the Golden Horned Beast is?”

“No. I have never seen him.” Evil Fog Knight shook his head.

“Oh?”

“I tried to follow them, but then…” Evil Fog Knight looked shocked. “Suddenly, it turned dark, and I was trapped in darkness. I was surrounded by dark air.”

“Dark surroundings? And dark air?” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress looked puzzled. “Was it chaos airflow?”


Chapter 1084: Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress and Luo Feng

“What chaotic airflow?” Evil Fog Knight was confused.

The Thorn Ring Alliance did not have its own universe, so Evil Fog Knight would not know what chaotic airflow was.

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress cast a look at Evil Fog Knight and told him, “That is the initial energy of the universe. It is the maternal source of all the energies we know of!”

“Maternal source of all the energies?” Evil Fog was appalled.

“There’s no need for you to probe further,” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress continued in a low voice, with furrowed brows. “How did you meet with a chaotic airflow when you were on the original star? Tell me everything without leaving out a single detail.”

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress was a top-tier universe overlord who enjoyed an extremely high status. He was knowledgeable and knew many secrets of the vast universe. Of course, he knew that a chaotic airflow should not have appeared on an original star.

“It was like this.” Evil Fog Knight hurried to explain. “I was watching the fight between that Golden Horned Beast and Tian Yang Knight from afar when suddenly, darkness fell. It was as though we had all fallen into another world. All around us, there was a dark airflow. I instantly knew that I must have fallen into a dangerous tactic deployed by my enemy, so I quickly pleaded for mercy, hoping that the great being would let me go. However, it was pointless… Then— the dark airflow split into two parts. It was like a gigantic grinder with me in the middle. I was in the grinder, surrounded by the dark airflow. My godly body was consumed rapidly, and I was left with no other choice but to self-destruct.”

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress listened intently and nodded slightly. He could not help feeling scared. If it was really chaotic airflow, that meant there was a special true treasure being used. Based on what Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress knew… some special true treasures that were extremely powerful, or the extremely powerful techniques that could only be created by the most terrifying beings, universe masters, were able to be transformed into chaotic airflows.

That was a fight that only involved a golden horned beast and Tian Yang Knight, thought Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress. There was no universe master involved. If there was a universe master, killing Evil Fog Knight would have been even easier. There would have been no need to make use of that powerful technique at all. Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress considered this, trying to figure out the situation. There is only one possibility… A special piece of a true treasure was used.

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress was very knowledgeable, but he was unaware of anyone with a perfect life gene level would be able to obtain the most powerful talent technique. That was considered a top-level secret within the universe, so he would not have been able to guess that it was a talent technique involved!

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress stared at Evil Fog Knight as he pondered. “The domain type true treasure that the Golden Horned Beast used. What form of domain did it take on?”

There were many kinds of domain type true treasures in the universe; every one of them took the form of a different domain, each with their unique characteristics. Given the domain type true treasure, one could easily deduce more information on the background of the Golden Horned Beast. But Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress was still clueless.

“Domain?” Evil Fog Knight suddenly recalled and said, “Golden River, a vast golden river. Yes, and a few great beasts! I remember seeing the great beasts continuously colliding into the gigantic rolling rocks of Tian Yang Knight’s domain when the two true treasure domains charged at one another. As for how many beasts there were exactly, it was too far for me to see clearly.”

“Golden River? Great beasts?” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress raised his brow, and his eyes lit up. “The human, Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng?” Evil Fog Knight was baffled.

“You may take your leave,” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress ordered.

Evil Fog Knight was slightly taken aback, and in his heart, he was not content taking things as they were.

“Eh?” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress looked at him coldly.

Evil Fog Knight could only grit his teeth to contain his displeasure as he transformed into light and departed. In his heart, he lamented the situation. Annoying Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress! I was obeying your orders when I followed Tian Yang Knight, which was the reason I was annihilated! Although I could reverse time and space to be resurrected, all my treasures were gone. Not a single one left. This was really a great loss. Just my luck.

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress looked unfeelingly at the retreating figure of Evil Fog Knight. “Humph… I have already paid the price for your resurrection by reversing time and space, and you still want to take advantages? Hmm.” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress started to fall into deep thought while standing in mid-air.

Human form… Luo Feng? That domain type treasure must be the Nine Tiger River of the human race! And Nine Tiger River is in the hands of Luo Feng.

Nine Tiger River used to be a true treasure possessed by non-human races, but after a series of fights, the treasure had been taken over by different hands until finally, it landed up with the human race.

Luo Feng’s reputation had recently been on the rise. Because of him, a fair number of universe great beings had been annihilated.

Of course, Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress knew all this, as he had received a tip-off way back when Luo Feng obtained Nine Tiger River! As for Evil Fog Knight, because he was in the Original Star and was nothing more than an ordinary knight, he naturally only knew that a fair number of knights from the other races had been annihilated because for being consumed by greed and wanting to kill Luo Feng. He was clueless in terms of other detailed information like Nine Tiger River. Such information was out of his reach.

Earlier on, Evil Fog Knight mentioned that when Golden Horned Beast and Tian Yang Knight fought, Nine Tiger River suddenly appeared, thought Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress. It seems like… Luo Feng’s assistant is none other than that Golden Horned Beast!

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress nodded to reinforce his deduction. Being able to achieve this degree of battle successes, succeeding in killing so many knights of other races, and even universe overlords, no wonder Tian Yang Knight needed to escape from him. And lastly, the true treasure that gave rise to the chaotic airflow must be the doing of Golden Horned Beast. If it was Tian Yang Knight’s true treasure, then Tian Yang Knight would not have had to escape when he met me years ago. Evil Fog Knight was pursued even though he was far away, and Tian Yang Knight was annihilated. So… the treasure must be in the hands of the Golden Horned Beast.

“Luo Feng? Golden Horned Beast?”

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress made his decision after a moment of thoughts.

“I shall go meet this human Luo Feng personally.”

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress instantly transformed into light and vanished into space at super speed.

On the Original Star.

With his silver armor and wings, Luo Feng carried his Cutting Pearl Sword across his back as he flew high in the air. When knights of other races saw him approaching from afar, they would immediately steer clear of his path and go into hiding.

“It’s Luo Feng.”

“Hurry! Move out of his way!”

“This Luo Feng’s wings used to be a pair. When did it increase to four?”

“Who knows? Maybe he has changed the form of his true treasure. Or maybe he has changed to another true treasure.”

Luo Feng was just like the other top-tier universe overlords, with a presence that would cause knights of other races—and even universe overlords—to retreat. Of course, on planets where universe masters arrived, it would be Luo Feng’s turn to hide. Even if he really wanted to enter a planet that had a universe master, he would ensure that he stayed far away from where the universe master was, maintaining a distance of at least 600 million miles.

“Is this how being a great being feels?” Luo Feng whispered, standing at the apex of a towering mountain and taking in a bird’s eye view of the vast land. “In this original star that is said to be fraught with danger, I am always on my toes. So long as I steer clear of the location where a universe master lands, no others would dare come provoke me.”

The original star was dangerous, yet this statement was based on comparative terms. To universe knights, it was extremely dangerous!

To universe overlords, the extent of danger was much smaller. Otherwise, Gui Yi Knight would not have been so confident that he would be able to borrow Luo Feng’s soul type true treasure way back then. Normally, if one was able to avoid running into top-tier universe overlords and universe masters, there should not be much danger to be worried about.

Top-tier universe overlords were even safer—so long as they did not take the initiative to provoke the universe masters! For instance, during the opening of a treasure, a top-tier universe overlord and a universe master might both enter to fight for its ownership… Under such a circumstance, there would naturally be the possibility of someone getting killed. Otherwise, by avoiding any path a universe master trod on, one could definitely stay safe.

“Huh?” Luo Feng suddenly turned his head in a certain direction. “In the original star, knights of other races would avoid me when they saw me in the distance, but this one here dares to approach within a mere six million miles away from me?”

From afar, a cyan light flew straight toward Luo Feng.

“That is…?” Luo Feng looked intently and tried to distinguish the identity of the approaching party. It was a giant with a body that was full of green vitality. And judging by its unique characteristics, looks, and aura… “Thorn Ring Alliance’s Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress!”

Luo Feng recognized his approaching company in an instant. Then he smirked to himself. No wonder there was no fear. Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress was a top-tier universe overlord.

“Human Luo Feng!” a booming voice sounded.

“Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress,” Luo Feng said, looking over from where he stood at the apex of the mountain.

A while later, Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress descended to a spot near Luo Feng. With a smile, he glanced at him and said, “I’ve long heard of your name, human Luo Feng. This is our very first time meeting each other.”

“I’m afraid the reason for this meeting is, most likely, that I ventured into the original star, hence arousing your attention,” Luo Feng said humbly. He laughed and continued, “To become such a prominent figure—even to the extent of leading knights of other races to avoid me when they see me. All of these were not because of my true abilities. Unlike you, Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress. All others are in awe because you are truly powerful enough.”

Since all the other races had come to conclude that Luo Feng had an assistant, then so be it. Anyway, no one would believe him if he said otherwise.

“You are pretty capable, too,” said Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress. “You hold high hopes of attaining at least the level of a universe overlord soon.” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress looked at Luo Feng, then asked, “Now that I have met you, there is actually a favor I would like to ask of you.”

“A favor?” Luo Feng repeated. “Please go on.”

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress wanted a favor from him?

“I need to make a true treasure, and I have been looking for many materials.” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress glanced at Luo Feng, then continued. “But I am missing a few important precious metals. The other universe knights make detours whenever they see me, so there is no way I can speak to them at all.”

Luo Feng laughed. That was true, even if he had wanted to speak to the other races, they would have avoided his path the moment they saw him tens of millions of miles away.

“I am not sure what metals you have, but Luo Feng, if there are any that I need, I am willing to pay you handsomely in exchange for them.” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress smiled.

“Metals?” Luo Feng asked out of curiosity. “Aren’t there any in the Thorn Ring Alliance?”

“Sadly, there really aren’t any,” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress said with a resigned look. “There are so many types of precious metals in the universe, and what I need… we used to have, but now, everything has been exchanged or claimed by others.”

Luo Feng nodded. “I do have some materials, but I am not sure if there are any that you want,” Luo Feng informed him.

Previously, after killing Tian Yang Knight, Luo Feng returned to his god country where he kept all the true treasures and treasures that he could not fathom. After all, materials that he could not understand would obviously be very highly priced. Luo Feng only brought with him the ones that he could recognize and understand, and he was clear of the prices of the treasures that he carried at his side.

“There’s a chance you may have some.” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress laughed out loud. “How about letting me take a look?”

“Sure.”

With a wave of his hand, a large quantity of metals floated before Luo Feng. Almost 100 types of metals were closely packed in the space before them. Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress started scrutinizing and identifying the metals with eyes brightly lit. However, a short while later, the glimmer of excitement in his eyes dimmed as he shook his head with a smile. “There really aren’t any I need.”

“Whatever metal that Thorn Ring Alliance lacks, I doubt I will have any,” Luo Feng said, smiling but not revealing much.

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress looked a little hesitant.

“Please feel free to speak your mind,” Luo Feng said with a smile.

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress went on to say, “Actually, I did not want to ask this. It’s just that this metal is really important to me. The other races in the universe are all aware that Luo Feng has a top-tier universe overlord as his assistant. I trust that he, too, holds on to many precious metals. I am just thinking… could I have a look at what he carries? If he has what I need, I am willing to trade treasure for treasure. Your friend will not be put at a disadvantage.”


Chapter 1085: Blossoming Snow Vine

“My assistant?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Everyone in the universe wants to know who your helper is,” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress said. He smiled as he gazed at Luo Feng.

“Wait a moment, I’ll ask him now,” Luo Feng continued.

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress nodded and waited for Luo Feng’s response silently… It would be wonderful if he could get a valuable without fighting! After all, the “assistant” had killed Tian Yang Knight as well as several other universe overlords. Even Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress wasn’t willing to start a fight.

Luo Feng pretended to be connecting with his helper, but the Golden Horned Beast was only one of his bodies. How was it possible that he had any other metals?

“Ah,” Luo Feng said, looking at Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress with regret. “Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress, my friend said he doesn’t have any metals.”

“Doesn’t have any?” Land of Fan Nuo Fortress said. “Or is not willing to share them?”

“My friend said he doesn’t have it.” Luo Feng was still looking at Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress. “I can’t do anything about it.”

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress nodded and sighed. “What a shame.”

The second he finished, a monstrous force suddenly permeated outward. Meanwhile, endless green light started to shine. A gigantic vine several miles wide immediately enveloped the sky and land.

The space was filled with endless vines that surrounded Luo Feng completely.

An extremely low voice came out of the vines. “What a shame. I didn’t want to fight you in the first place.”

Luo Feng frowned and roared. “Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress…!”

Based on the information collected, Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress had incredible power, and he had three bodies in total. His other two bodies were also powerful. The strongest one was the “Blossoming Snow Vine” body, which was supposedly the original body of Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress. It was an incredibly special life form in the universe; there were only five in total. Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress had one of them, and he had joined Thorn Ring Alliance. As for the other four Blossoming Snow Vines, they joined other powers.

Blossoming Snow Vine had a life gene level of around 1,000 times, but it was extremely large —over 600,000 cubic miles! And it had an inherited technique, “Transplantation”!

With the inherited technique Transplantation, Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress had two bodies. Though they weren’t as large as Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress, but they had similar life gene levels. That meant Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress was as powerful as three top-tier universe overlords, which gave him an extremely high status in the Thorn Ring Alliance.

“Ask your friend to give me all the metal, Luo Feng!” the deep voice resounded. “Give me the metal. Otherwise, I’ll kill you! Even if that Golden Horned Beast can protect himself, he won’t be able to protect you.”

“Golden Horned Beast?” Luo Feng stood in the sky and smiled. He gazed at the white vines and the green light flowing around them. “You are well-informed.”

“Are you going to give it to me or not?” boomed the low voice. It echoed all around Luo Feng: “To me or not…? To me or not…? To me or not…?”

“I’ll ask my friend to answer you.”

Luo Feng turned around, and a lovely Golden Horned Beast showed up beside him.

“Golden Horned Beast!” the voice said from the vines. “Give me all your metal, and I’ll leave. Otherwise… this human Luo Feng will die! Answer me! Are you going to give me the metal or not?”

The Golden Horned Beast raised his head and growled, “Are you trying to threaten me? Don’t even think about it!”

“Hahaha…!” Luo Feng started to guffaw.

The endless, vine-covered world turned silent. Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress hadn’t expected the Golden Horned Beast to refuse him. Was the Golden Horned Beast really so confident that he could protect Luo Feng? He was also startled by Luo Feng’s laughter.

“Then die—!” began Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress.

But before he could finish, the Golden Horned Beast and Luo Feng both protested, “You’re the one to die!”

Hong! Long! Long!

Endless golden waves flooded out and started permeating and penetrating through the cracks among the vines. They looked like river waters, but they were a special energy domain transformed from the Nine Tiger River under burning godly power. It covered an area with a radius of 19 million miles. However, the Blossoming Snow Vine body was able to resist it easily.

“Larger! Larger! Larger!” The Golden Horned Beast growled.

Hua!

The Golden Horned Beast instantly became larger, and the white vines with green light flowing around them started to wind around the Golden Horned Beast. However, he was wearing the top-tier set true treasure Beast God Armor, and he had weapons everywhere in his body. His claws kept slashing, and countless golden engravings started to flow.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Numerous white vines bounced away. They weren’t able to stop him from growing larger.

“He is neglecting the earthling Luo Feng!” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress said, startled. Meanwhile, numerous vines dashed towards Luo Feng like green lights.

Silver-armored and silver-winged Luo Feng gazed at him with a smile. “Break,” Luo Feng murmured.

The four wings on his back became dozens of feet long, and countless engravings were flowing on the wings. Aside from the ultimate technique of universe masters, Luo Feng had also created an ultimate technique of universe overlords he had named “Haze.” He was already familiar with using his wings like blades, and now, he was using all four of them! Besides, the attack power of his new Shi Wu Wings was at the same level as Cutting Pearl Sword.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Four glowing, golden arcs ward off those vines. Luo Feng stood in the space and waved his wing, easily resisting all the attacks. After only a few seconds, all the vines vanished.

Of course, it wasn’t only thanks to the original earthling body, but also the Golden Horned Beast!

“Larger! Larger! Larger!”

It was covering the sky and land! This was his Golden Horned Beast! At over 600,000 miles long, it stood in the sky, black and ferocious. After finishing the third level of “Deities of the World,” he could shrink his body to a large extent.

For an ordinary Golden Horned Beast, 60 miles was their limit, but the normal godly body of Golden Horned Luo Feng was 5,500 miles long! Even though it was only enlarged 36 times, it was still within the limit, and it wouldn’t affect Luo Feng’s combat power.

The Golden Horned easily ripped Blossoming Snow Vine apart.

The Golden Horned Beast 600,000 miles long and Blossoming Snow Vine with a diameter of 600,000 miles glared at each other.

Luo Feng’s original earthling body stood on the Golden Horned Beast, and countless vines spread from the dark turquoise fortress. Apparently, the core of Blossoming Snow Vine was hiding in the fortress, and numerous vines were all bursting out of the fortress. A shadow was also standing among the vines. It was Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress.

“It seems that the other races are all wrong about you,” said Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress. “You’re already as powerful as a universe overlord… Have you become a universe knight?”

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress was standing above the Blossoming Snow Vine. Luo Feng was standing the Golden Horned Beast.

“Think whatever you want,” Luo Feng whispered.

“Give me the metal! Then I’ll let you leave!” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress yelled.

He felt intimidated already and couldn’t help glancing at the enormous Golden Horned Beast. It looked so savage! It was the spitting image of the Gold Beast God. They even felt the same. Besides, the technique the Golden Horned Beast had just performed made him more alert. Though the technique Luo Feng performed with his wings was incredible, it couldn’t even compare to that of the Golden Horned Beast.

“You look confident, Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress,” said Luo Feng. He stared at Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress. “Are you feeling confident? I suggest that you leave first.”

Indeed, Luo Feng didn’t want to fight Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress. Especially at 600,000 miles long with a flying fortress.

“The attacks from the vines of Blossoming Snow Vine are ordinary— it’s not my supreme technique!” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress yelled. “My Blossoming Snow Wing is able to ensnare your Golden Horned Beast, and I can easily kill you.”

“You’re joking.” Luo Feng teased him.

This infuriated Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress and the giant Blossoming Snow Vine. Following a bellow with rage, a magnificent green world enveloped the area within thousands of square miles and hit the golden river from Nine Tiger River. It was apparently a domain type true treasure.

“Fight!”

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress and Blossoming Snow Vine charged Luo Feng

Hong!

The vines entwined each other, becoming eight gigantic vines thousands of miles thick. They slashed at the Golden Horned Beast like eight green whips.

Hou!

The Golden Horned Beast charged while Luo Feng stood in the sky.

“Luo Feng, you’re seeking your own death!” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress shouted as he flew toward him.

Luo Feng took the Cutting Pearl Sword from his back and glared at Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress.

He!

A huge, godly slash showed up in the hands of Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress, and there an infinity of ancient engravings on it. Under his burning godly power, it slashed toward Luo Feng.

Hu!

A blurry golden light started to shine. It came from Luo Feng’s universe-overlord ultimate technique, Haze. Luo Feng had created two techniques, one of them was Golden Light, and the other one was Haze. Both could exhibit the transformation of Luo Feng. He really looked forward to the result when he created a pinnacle technique the first time, and he had pondered the name of the technique for a long time. However, he didn’t care about the names much anymore.

They hit each other.

Luo Feng bounced away, but the vines kept charging him. Luo Feng tried to use Cutting Pearl Blade and his Shi Wu Wings to defend himself, but the vines were too strong and quick, and they all hit Luo Feng’s Force Armor. Luckily, Luo Feng could still withstand it with his Force Armor…

“No…!” said Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress.

Although he was suppressing Luo Feng, he realized that the Blossoming Snow Vine couldn’t hold it anymore. All the vines went back to the dark turquoise fortress and started to flee.


Chapter 1086: Resurrection

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress glared at the black Golden Horned Beast in the distance. Blossoming Snow Vine was his original body, but when they were fighting, Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress found that he was completely suppressed. Though he had a senior true treasure armor and a gigantic godly body, Blossoming Snow Vine still couldn’t stop that black Golden Horned Beast.

Xiu!

The dark turquoise fortress flew toward Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress while he flew toward the fortress as well. He stopped caring about the human Luo Feng as he knew that if the Golden Horned Beast got close to him, he would be in deep trouble.

“Want to flee?” Luo Feng shook his wings, and the space and time were in complete disorder. Shadows of Luo Feng showed up around Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress.

“What?” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress was terrified, and he immediately cursed the one who had given him the information. He had heard that Luo Feng was following the Beast God Path, but the Luo Feng in front of him already had exceptional control over the space and time. Even if Luo Feng was using his true treasure, he needed adequately thorough comprehension. Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress didn’t know about the engraving-picture path.

“Go away!” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress growled and lashed at Luo Feng.

A cold and sharp golden light shone! It was irresistible!

Peng!

The lash was bent, and Cutting-Pearl Blade hit the head of Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress. The armor withstood the attack, but Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress fell because of it.

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress looked up at Luo Feng, terrified. “Impossible!”

How was it possible that Luo Feng could be this powerful? That blade technique! The blade technique Luo Feng had just used was the same as the one the Golden Horned Beast used… Was it possible that the peerless genius Luo Feng’s soul was already transferred to the Golden Horned Beast? That was why the human Luo Feng was able to wield the incredible technique the Golden Horned Beast used.

Of course, realized Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress. Luo Feng had extraordinary potential, and many supreme beings craved to enslave him—to make him a body for themselves. However, the human race must have given him strict protection. How did the Golden Horned Beast take his soul? This is incredible.

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress tried to flee.

Hua!

Luo Feng moved his wings, and his acceleration reached a new level through the top-tier true treasure Shi Wu Wings. Several shadows immediately blocked Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress.

“You can’t run away,” said Luo Feng, and he attacked with his blade again.

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress tried to use his whip to resist it, but he bounced away again. He wasn’t able to escape Luo Feng in a short time, and he had to trigger the flying fortress to save him! Although the fortress was flying toward him, the Golden Horned Beast was flying at him as well. However, the fortress was apparently faster than the Golden Horned Beast.

“Scram, human!”

Giant vines spread from the fortress.

“Humph!” Luo Feng snorted, and the wings on his back immediately grew larger. They became almost 60 miles wide. “Break!”

The wings were like blades, and Luo Feng was like the handle. The blades slashed through the vines like a knife through butter.

“Damn it!” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress shouted, growing anxious. He growled.

Hong! Long!

All the vines went back to the flying fortress, and at the same time, the fortress hit the giant set of Shi Wu Wings on Luo Feng’s back. Luo Feng trembled.

The moment the fortress hit Shi Wu Wing, countless vines spread out from the fortress. Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress touched a vine, and his godly whip, true treasure armor, and other valuables all went into the godly body of Blossoming Snow Vine. As for his original body, it was annihilated. All the vines went back to the palace, and it started to fly away.

Hou!

The Golden Horned Beast ran through the space. The longest horn on his head hit the flying fortress, which bounced away. The flying fortress then sped up and tried to flee like a beam of light.

Above the ocean on an original star flew a flying fortress, and a giant man walked out of the fortress. Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress still felt terrified.

“What a powerful Golden Horned Beast! He robbed the human Luo Feng’s soul! And he’s so mighty! Although they used the same technique, that Golden Horned Beast is apparently more skilled! It must have an incredible attack type true treasure!”

The more he thought about it, the more shocked he became.

“That Golden Horned Beast is a handful.”

Luo Feng was also recalling that fight.

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress has a life gene level of 1,000 times, which is inferior to that of the World Tree, he thought. Besides, the inherited technique “Control over Space and Time” the World Tree has is more helpful for fighting, while the inherited technique Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress has is two more bodies.

He concluded that Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress was slightly weaker than the World Tree.

Luo Feng’s godly power was weaker than that of Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress, yet his technique was much more powerful! He must have been at the same level as the World Tree, which was why he could suppress Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress!

However, I could only suppress him, not defeat him. I’m only slightly more powerful than him, and his weapon weakened my attack to a large extent. I only injured him a little bit when it hit his godly body.

Luo Feng understood that because the Golden Horned Beast had a top-tier set true treasure Beast God Armor, even Blossoming Snow Vine—which was over 600,000 miles long—could only run.

That was all he could do, even though he had a flying fortress as well. His fortress was like a turtle shell, strong enough to withstand an attack from a universe master. Even his technique “I Am the Universe” might not have been able to injure the godly body hidden inside the flying fortress.

The more powerful it gets, the more difficult it is to kill, Luo Feng thought. However, it’s so weird this time. Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress wants my metal? And he’s willing to fight me for it? The metal might be as valuable as a true treasure.

The Northern Territory Alliance.

Inside the towering palaces surrounded by black fire lived numerous undying servants and universe knights. The palaces in the Northern Territory Alliance all had undying servants and universe knights, and all were looking at the main palace in the center with humble veneration. At the periphery of the palace was endless light. That was where Star River Master lived.

Star River Master was a revered being in the universe and was equally as renowned as Primal Chaos City Leader! The powers in the universe respected Star River Master even more than Primal Chaos City Leader!

Inside the main palace, a shadow that looked like a black hole sat on the throne. All the light that touched it was swallowed by the shadow.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The space and time in the palace were being reversed. The scenes kept turning back. Group after group of universe knights came here to see Star River Master, and some other great beings also met Star River Master here. Even supreme universe masters had come here before.

“Stop!”

Suddenly, two universe knights who had come here were frozen in place, in the middle of giving salutations. Time kept being reversed, and the scene kept changing, but the two shadows remained frozen.

“Stop! Stop! Stop!”

One shadow after another was fixed. They were universe knights of all kinds. Soon, 39 universe knights stood there still like sculptures.

“Time, go back.”

The time that was being reversed went back. The backlash from operation law was transferred to the emptiness of the black hole on the throne. It shivered and tried to recover. It was clearly a burden for him to resurrect 39 senior universe knights.

After a while, everything went back normal. All 39 universe knights regained consciousness. They looked at each other in shock, and their memories flooded back to them.

“Thank you, Star River Master,” they said. All of them saluted.

A voice came from Star River Master. “22 or 23 of you died because of that human Luo Feng. Answer me! Who is his helper?”

“It’s a black Golden Horned Beast.”

“A strange beast that looks like a Golden Horned Beast but has six horns, and one of them is extremely long.”

“A black, strange beast.”

They all answered one by one. However, a squeaky voice spoke up and said, “Were all of you killed by the black, strange beast? Am I the only one who got killed by the human Luo Feng?”

“Killed by Luo Feng?” someone called out. “Do you even know of his power? Are you kidding me?”

“What a joke,” another knight said. But soon, three more universe knights spoke up.

“I was killed by Luo Feng too,” someone said.

“Me too.”

“I thought I had an illusion, but I was killed by Luo Feng too.”

The palace went silent. It was possible that one senior universe knight was mistaken, but all were terrified when four senior universe knights said the same thing.

Inside the Primal Chaos City.

Luo Feng walked into the Primal Chaos City Leader’s palace, and all the guards greeted him respectfully.

“Master.”

“Master.”

Luo Feng nodded and walked to the side palace where the beings of the race contributed their true treasures. That Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress interested Luo Feng. So did the Evil Fog Knight, who had been killed by his technique “I Am the Universe.”

Both Evil Fog Knight and Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress come from Thorn Ring Alliance, thought Luo Feng. Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress knows of my Golden Horned Beast, and he wants my metal.

Luo Feng speculated that there might be some unknown valuables in his metal, which was why he had temporarily left the original stars and came back to his god country, bringing with him the metal he couldn’t identify. He had brought it to Primal Chaos City to identify it.

“What is it?” Luo Feng was confused. He arrived at the side palace.

Hong! Long! Long!

The bronze door opened, and Luo Feng walked in.


Chapter 1087: The Disambiguation Temple

The quiet and ancient temple hall was very spacious. Only the stone plate in the middle was conspicuous. This was the location where one could place items, and the virtual universe system would conduct an examination and arrive at a verdict regarding their value. This was the only place that Luo Feng could think of to easily identify a piece of an unnamed valuable.

“Previously, based on what my access rights allowed,” Luo Feng said to himself, “I made use of the virtual universe network to make comparisons with the metals that I couldn’t identify. Now, I could confirm almost every unknown metal. Although some of them are rare, it was better than seeing Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress beat his brains out trying to figure out the metals. Now, I’m down to the last three types.”

Purely through his own investigative work on the network, he was now left with only three types of metal that could not be identified. Based on his conjecture, there were valuables to be found from within.

Luo Feng flipped his hand, and a green crystal stone the size of a sesame seed appeared in the middle of his palm. He gently placed it on the stone plate.

Weng!

Green threads started rising from the middle of the stone plate in a winding path to envelop the green crystal stone. Then the stone plate started to process the stone meticulously. A short while later, a voice rang out an analysis.

“Metal. ‘Wood in research crystals.’ One piece. If given to race as a contribution, one can receive 18 treasure points. Luo Feng, are you willing to contribute this treasure to your race?”

“Oh? It is truly a treasure.” Luo Feng’s expression revealed a trace of surprise. “No wonder I couldn’t find any information on this metal with my access rights on the network. Just this little stone that is the size of a sesame seed is worth 18 treasure points. It seems the universe overlords and knights that I have killed did indeed have quite a fair number of valuables hidden among their possessions. However, only 18 treasure points… That’s not even worth one fight against Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress.”

Luo Feng shook his head and dismissed this piece of treasure. With one hand outstretched, the crystal stone that was the size of a sesame seed flew back to rest on his palm and was immediately stored back in his world ring.

Then, with another flip, another piece of metal appeared in his palm. This black metal was around the size of a human head, and its surface was divided into a total of 360 facets. The facet was smooth and shiny beyond comparison, to the extent that they were as reflective as mirrors. This was another one of the three great metals Luo Feng failed to identify.

“Go.”

The black metal floated off his palm and made its way over to the stone plate. Countless green threads rose up in a winding path again to envelop this piece of black metal stone…

“Huh?” Luo Feng frowned. “Why is this taking such a long time?”

It had never taken this long before, even when he brought his true treasure to be examined.

Eventually, the gentle voice sounded again. This time, it resonated throughout the entire hall, creating an echo. “‘Disambiguation Mirror Stone.’ An item belonging to the Disambiguation Temple. If contributed to the race, one could earn 20 true treasure points. Luo Feng, are you willing to contribute this treasure to your race?”

Luo Feng’s eyes lit up! 20 true treasure points? That was even more expensive than Nine Tiger River!

“This is it!”

Luo Feng looked at the Disambiguation Mirror Stone with amazement. At the same time, he summoned it back to his palm very quickly by stretching out his hand. With sparkling eyes, he stared at the Disambiguation Mirror Stone.

“No wonder… No wonder Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress was willing to go to any means to obtain it. He initiated a fair trade of metals on purpose. Such a bully. He must be taking advantage of the fact that I was unaware of the wonders of this Disambiguation Mirror Stone.”

Luo Feng felt adrenaline coursing through his veins. Although it had been close to 20,000 years since he had first entered an original star, during this period, Luo Feng’s consciousness occasionally entered the virtual universe, so the major events on the original stars were nothing novel to him. Undoubtedly, he knew them all.

For close to 20,000 years, on the 10,081 original stars, if there was one such event that was most shockingly soul-stirring, it was none other than the tumult in the Disambiguation Temple.

This occurrence had driven the races of the universe into a frenzy. In the first 600 years after the paths to the original stars appeared, various universe laws befell Original Star Number 02892. All of a sudden, various laws and origins had appeared on this original star at the same time. There were elements like gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, thunder and lightning, light, time, and space. The combined power was overwhelming. At one point in time, it felt as though the entire planet had fallen into shackles, and every single one of the universe knights and universe overlords had difficulty moving. At the same time, a temple started to emerge gradually from beneath ground…

The entire process took close to a full 100 years, and during this time, various major powers of the universe sent forth their super beings to this temple. At one point, this temple was surrounded by many universe masters, and only universe overlords with top-tier universe overlord capabilities would dare to venture near it.

After a period of 100 years later, the Disambiguation Temple fully emerged. Before it was erected a black stone tablet. The stone tablet had ancient engravings that were easily deciphered. Any great being would understand the moment they laid eyes on them. The content was very simple. It read:

The birth of Disambiguation Temple. A stone tablet appears; the moment the stone tablet disintegrates, on the 10,081 original stars, during a certain time and place, a single or many Disambiguation Mirror Stones will appear at random! There are a total of 36 Disambiguation Mirror Stones… and they all resemble ordinary stones. During birth, their dynamics are comparable to that of senior true treasures. When all 36 have fully emerged, the Disambiguation Temple will open. Those possessing Disambiguation Mirror Stones may enter. Any great beings without the stones will be considered as trespassing and will be annihilated without exception…

One year later, the stone tablet disintegrated. That was when various rumors started circulating; there were sayings like the Disambiguation Mirror Stones had been born on a certain original star. The rumors gave rise to many disputes. However, no one knew the exact time and place where the stones could be. This required a touch of luck. Even if a great being had strong powers, it would still be a challenging feat to obtain a Disambiguation Mirror Stone!

News of the stone tablet was disseminated early… Of course, Luo Feng knew of it.

“So, this is the Disambiguation Mirror Stone. I have been so oblivious to the treasure I have.” Luo Feng looked at the piece of black crystal stone. “During the birth of the Disambiguation Mirror Stones, there was an aura so overwhelming that it was like the birth of a senior true treasure, which was why it would have been best to find this Disambiguation Mirror Stone during its birth. Then, the unique characteristics of this stone could be observed and acquired.”

The birth of a stone possessed a power that was comparable to a senior true treasure. Every great being would be able to guess that this was not an ordinary stone. However—just like how Luo Feng killed other strong beings, then simply gathered and collected all the valuables that they once possessed—even if one possessed these Disambiguation Mirror Stones, they might not be able to identify them correctly.

“The befalling of various laws and origins of the universe…” said Luo Feng. “The Disambiguation Temple seems to be the greatest treasure during the opening of the Original Stars this time around.”

The Original Stars usually took a limitless period of waiting before they opened once. When they did open, they would only remain open for 1,000 eras. During this period of 1,000 eras, top-tier domain type true treasures, top-tier soul type true treasures, top-tier flying palace type true treasures, and pinnacle weapon type true treasures showed up quite frequently. The only concern was that these would all come with imperfections and would be scattered all over the place.

During the 1,000 eras that the Original Stars remained open, there was bound to be one true treasure that was most fearsome of all— one that would dominate all other true treasures. Usually, the predominant one would be a pinnacle domain type true treasure, a pinnacle flying palace type true treasure, or a pinnacle soul type true treasure. And they would normally also possess other functions too.

Force Armor, for instance, also had the power of soul defense; Beast God Armor had powers of attack and defense; supreme true treasure Star Tower was a fusion of soul defense, flying palace, suppression, attack, and many other functions.

Every time the Original Stars open, the most powerful true treasure that appeared, would usually be a combination of numerous abilities. For instance, the main function of a pinnacle soul type true treasure would be soul defense, but it would also have the function of partial godly body defense, or even the function of creating illusions.

In short, a pinnacle soul type true treasure would only be second to a supreme true treasure! And supreme true treasures were especially uncommon!

Even the nine greatest supreme beings in the universe did not own any supreme true treasures to reign dominance over the others. So pinnacle true treasures of the various types like domains, soul, flying palaces were more than enough to send various races in the universe into a frenzy.

“It will be an eternity before the Original Stars open again,” Luo Feng said to himself. “Every pinnacle soul type true treasure or true treasures of the same level would be known as a predominant clan true treasure! Once a strong and powerful universe master possessed such a true treasure and used it with other true treasures, the possibility of being annihilated would be nearly zero. Even if the opponent possessed a supreme true treasure… escape would always be possible when defeat was not.”

No wonder Tian Yang Knight hid this stone all this time, thought Luo Feng. He would not have dared to reveal this. Once word had spread that he owned it, this Disambiguation Mirror Stone would naturally have fallen into the hands of the universe masters in the automaton clan for their own uses. He was fortunate enough to obtain one senior true treasure. And if he went into the temple… only 36 great beings in the entire universe could enter the Disambiguation Temple through the many different doors, so there was no way he could fail to survive. Should a great being make it out alive, then the trip in would be extremely rewarding. Even if one failed—resurrection would always be the next course of action.

Luo Feng clearly understood what had gone through the minds of Tian Yang Knight and Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress. Tian Yang Knight hid the news. And Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress had been unwilling to reveal the news that Tian Yang Knight had a Disambiguation Mirror Stone. If word spread, Tian Yang Knight would have had to pay his respects and surrender the stone to his race.

Tian Yang Knight would keep mum about the secret he held against Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress. Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress held a high status—having three great bodies, with each one comparable to that of a top-tier universe overlord. His status could almost match up to a universe master, so even if word spread and the Thorn Ring Alliance found out that he had a Disambiguation Mirror Stone, no one would be able to forcefully take it from him.

If he was backed into a corner, a special life-form such as Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress could always choose to leave the Thorn Ring Alliance and join other alliances.

Both had their own plans. Tian Yang Knight was not afraid of Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress hunting him down. He was confident he would stay alive. Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress was also confident that he would be able to get his hands on the Disambiguation Mirror Stone, and hence, the situation maintained the status quo…

But no one expected Luo Feng’s intervention!

Tian Yang Knight was skilled in escaping with his domain type true treasure combined with his senior true treasure armor, Flowing Light Wings. Even Luo Feng had been unable to give chase and eventually had to depend on his “I Am the Universe” technique to achieve the kill at last, which was how this Disambiguation Mirror Stone had fallen into the hands of Luo Feng.

“With this Disambiguation Mirror Stone, I also qualify to enter the Disambiguation Temple,” Luo Feng said, his emotions running high. “This kind of opportunity only comes once in the passage of many countless eras. Within 1,000 years, I will be able to become a universe overlord! Once I attain the level of universe overlord, my godly body will grow even bigger and stronger. My power will increase… I will be equipped with more resources to pursue other valuables.”

Luo Feng nodded as he finished his analysis of the situation. Then he put the third piece of metal to test. It was a small metal piece worth 31 treasure points. Although Luo Feng was quite surprised to learn of the value, he dismissed it with a laugh. Thereafter, Luo Feng made his way out of Primal Chaos City and left the primal universe. He returned to the original universe.

Within the territory of the Thorn Ring Alliance.

For a life planet to gain unparalleled prosperity, the prevalence of technology must never be underestimated, even if the planet did not depend on that technology. The majority of life planets in the universe—especially those with life forms that were inherently weak —relied more on the use of technology to create an ideally comfortable living environment. Towering skyscrapers, speeding cars, aerial parking berths… All these would be common sights.

At the top of a skyscraper, Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress had transformed into a godly body that was around nine feet tall. Sitting in his armchair, he overlooked the city. As he was a special life-form, he preferred the way these ordinary and weaker life forms lived.

“Luo Feng. Golden Horned Beast…” he muttered. “This Disambiguation Mirror Stone must have fallen into his possession. Failing in my mission this time around must have roused his suspicions. He has probably made use of human race’s information system to identify the Disambiguation Mirror Stone by now…”

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress frowned as he fell into deep thoughts.


Chapter 1088: Decision

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress was sitting in the penthouse hall of a skyscraper. Suddenly, the doorbell rang.

“Come in,” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress said.

Hua!

The door opened automatically, and a man with four hoofs, two hands, and numerous antennae on his face walked in.

“Boss, these are the financial statements for this year,” the man said and handed in the documents respectfully.

Characters of other races lined the documents. Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress took the documents and skimmed through them. It was a corporation he had established when disguising himself as an ordinary life form on this planet. Though it may have sounded ridiculous for a mighty, top-tier universe overlord to do such a thing, he enjoyed being close to most ordinary beings of the universe. Sometimes, he might gain new inspiration in laws when feeling the competition among the ordinary.

“Leave me first,” ordered Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress. “I’ll hold a meeting later.”

“Yes, sir.”

The ordinary life forms working for this corporation would never have guessed how terrific their boss was. Even the so-called great beings—a great being at the universe level—was a joke to Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress. He had secretly manipulated several power struggles on the planet, and it was like the blink of an eye to him. He could annihilate the double stars in the sky with a thought if he so desired…

The Golden Horned Beast had transferred Luo Feng’s soul to himself, thought Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress. Undying fighters’ souls can’t be robbed. Does that mean Luo Feng’s soul was transferred when he was a sector lord? Luo Feng gained such fame on Redbud Island, but is it possible that his soul was already transferred to the Golden Horned Beast? No wonder Luo Feng could be revived right after he died. He must be a new body of that Golden Horned Beast.

Soul transfer meant entering the original soul into a new body. The Golden Horned Beast had his original body and three other bodies, and the mind of a body had to leave and abandon the original body to occupy a new body. However, soul transfer could only be done on beings beneath the level of undying…

“Hmm?” Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress stood up abruptly. “Something’s wrong.”

Luo Feng was able to kill a pinnacle emperor when he was only a sector lord, thought Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress, and he killed Bark Mirror Emperor as an undying fighter. His body is as powerful as those unique life forms. Regardless, a sector-lord level body is not able to withhold the soul of a universe knight, even if his body has a life gene level of thousands of times! Was the Golden Horned Beast only undying when he did soul transfer on Luo Feng?

“That’s right,” he muttered. “This is the only explanation! That is how he succeeded! And that is why I can’t recognize him even with such fame! But how did he perform such a powerful technique? Even inherited techniques of unique life forms aren’t that strong.”

It was impossible for Luo Feng to get the Golden Horned Beast’s soul! It had only been a short while since Luo Feng started training, and he wasn’t able to create techniques that terrific.

It was also impossible for the Golden Horned Beast to get Luo Feng’s soul! Luo Feng, when he was only a sector-lord, wasn’t able to withhold the soul of a universe knight, and the Golden Horned Beast must have still been undying before… It was also impossible for the Golden Horned Beast to have created techniques at that level.

But they used the same technique! Which means they had the same mind! Soul transfer must’ve happened! How? What happened?

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress couldn’t figure it out after pondering the secret for a long while. He was amazed at how mysterious the universe was, and there were many inexplicable matters in the universe.

Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress was living on that ordinary planet while Luo Feng went back to his god country and continued the comprehension. He wanted to make a breakthrough and became a universe knight.

At the same time, in the palace surrounded by endless chaos airflow, at the apex of Thunder Island of the virtual universe, Primal Chaos City Leader sat at the edge of the cliff with his legs crossed and his eyes closed. Suddenly, a light shone beside him, and a picture with detailed descriptions showed up on the screen.

“Huh? It was sent by the virtual universe. What’s the information?” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at the screen, confused. The moment he saw the screen, he grew surprised. “Luo Feng got the disambiguation mirror stone?”

“Chaos!” A sound rang in the space.

“Huge Axe,” Primal Chaos City Leader responded respectfully. Only two beings in the human race could talk to him without application, and Huge Axe Creator was one of them.

“Chaos, did you know that Luo Feng used the virtual universe system to appraise the disambiguation mirror stone?” boomed the voice. “The other universe masters know it, too. I decided to hold a meeting to decide who that stone belongs to. Do you agree?”

“Yes.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded.

Primal Chaos City Leader knew that Disambiguation Stone had to do with the most important true treasure since the original stars opened! Universe masters didn’t care about ordinary true treasures at all. However, as for the pinnacle true treasures that were able to be born in The Disambiguation Temple, all the powers in the universe craved them.

It was already generous of Huge Axe Creator to hold a meeting instead of asking for it from Luo Feng directly. After all, the virtual universe system belonged to the human race! And the most senior beings in the human race were Huge Axe Creator, Primal Chaos City Leader, Void Gold Master, Spread Mountain Master, Long Yan Master, and those who were their equals. After Luo Feng appraised the disambiguation mirror stone, the virtual universe transferred the message to the seniors.

In a dimension in the virtual universe where there was dimming starlight in the dark, a godly palace floated in the sky.

There was a long stone bench in front of the godly palace with stone chairs on both sides. At one end of the bench was located only one stone chair, and a wild man sat in it. Suddenly, more beings showed up on the chairs on both sides of the bench. They were universe masters of the human race. Everyone arrived in no time.

“Everyone’s here,” the wild man said, looking sideways, but all the universe masters looked at him respectfully… Huge Axe Creator was a universe supreme master!

“Luo Feng obtained the disambiguation mirror stone,” he went on, “and it’s related to a valuable that can possibly be a pinnacle true treasure. It’s vital to our race, but it was obtained by Luo Feng through his own power, which means we can’t ask for it directly. How are we supposed to get it?”

Huge Axe Creator gave the first prerequisite: that they couldn’t ask for it directly.

“The disambiguation mirror stone…” said a cold voice. “It’s related to the Disambiguation Temple! Luo Feng is nothing compared to that! Just ask him to give us the stone, and we’ll pay him back. Is it enough to give him a senior true treasure? We can give him more if he thinks it’s not enough.”

“Yes,” some universe masters said, nodding. “I agree.”

“Though he obtained it by himself, it would be a waste to let him keep it! After the Disambiguation Temple opens, the stone will be useless. However, that stone might bring us humans a pinnacle true treasure.”

“I agree.”

“I do, too.”

The universe masters voiced their opinions one after another.

“Although what you said makes sense,” said a gentle voice, “I need you all to remember that Luo Feng is a timeless and peerless talent of our race! And it’s easy to imagine him to be proud! The disambiguation mirror stone is important, but it’s also important not to damage our relationship with Luo Feng. We need to be careful, and we must learn from what happened with Flame Emperor. Luo Feng’s potential is not inferior to that of Flame Emperor, and chances are that he might become a universe master in the future.”

“That’s different!”

“Luo Feng is completely different from Flame Emperor. Flame Emperor is extremely selfish, and he didn’t even know what it meant to protect his own race. I don’t feel sorry for losing him at all. Instead, I felt great about it! It would be an insult to me if I had to fight along with him!”

“Flame Emperor is different from Luo Feng.”

The gentle voice continued, “For what it’s worth, we all know the pride of those super talents. The more talented they are, the more pride they have! And they’ll be upset if we can’t deal with it appropriately. Technically, the stone belongs to Luo Feng, and he has a right even to waste it. It’ll be the best if Huge Axe brings the stone into the Temple, and it’s likely for him to get the true treasure with Huge Axe’s power.”

“Yes.”

“I agree with what Qing Dong Master said.”

“We need to be careful.”

“It’ll be a waste to leave it with Luo Feng, but we need to come up with a good way to persuade him.”

“It’ll be a bit difficult to persuade Luo Feng.”

Only Primal Chaos City Leader remained silent. All the universe masters agreed that it would better to placate Luo Feng. They all valued Luo Feng highly even though they were universe masters who ruled the human race.

“What do you think, Chaos?” one of them urged.

Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “I won’t disagree with you guys. We should take the disambiguation mirror stone back, but we can’t damage our relationship with Luo Feng. We can’t let Luo Feng proceed in the footsteps of Flame Emperor.”

All the universe masters nodded. It was not unusual for great beings to join other powers. For one thing, in general, the families of great beings all fell. For another, the more powerful great beings became, the more confident they got, and they could be stubborn on some issues. Once they were infuriated, they would break away from the powers they belonged to.

“I’ll leave this to you, Chaos,” the wild man said with a grin. “You’re his teacher, and he’ll listen to you.”

“Haha! Chaos, please take care of this.”

“Haha…!”

The universe masters all broke into laughter. Primal Chaos City Leader could only nod.

“Please try everything to persuade Luo Feng,” the wild man said. “The disambiguation mirror stone is related to the super true treasure in the Disambiguation Temple, after all.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “I’ll try my best.”


Chapter 1089: Luo Feng’s Resolution

In the vast sky of Remote Ocean, a godly light could be seen, emitted by the golden sanctuary.

Luo Feng sat cross-legged in front of the sanctuary, but his eyes were looking at the limitless god country, with pictures of secret engravings running through his mind. These recollections were constantly at the back of his mind, and occasionally, he would recall the three mysterious yet marvelous techniques of teleportation, strangulation, and space sealing… Being accomplished in the studies of pictures of secret engravings had led Luo Feng’s creation of technique to contain a complete set of space laws, which was why whenever he thought of those sculptures with secret engravings… he would be slightly astir with emotions.

“A little bit. Just a little bit. The feeling is getting nearer and nearer. It feels like I can gain full comprehension to achieve a breakthrough anytime. I just need a little more.”

Luo Feng’s brows were slightly furrowed as he stopped midway through his cultivation session. He had connected to the virtual universe with his consciousness and had received a message of high importance.

In his mail settings, messages from ordinary friends were set as “do not disturb.” Only mail from important people like his wife, sons, and teacher would pass the screening test by a virtual assistant and reach him even if it would be disrupting his cultivation progress. “Teacher Primal Chaos City Leader wants to see me?” said Luo Feng. “He wants to see me? Could it be…?”

A thought suddenly arose in Luo Feng’s mind, and he could not help but start to worry.

In the virtual universe, an endless chaotic airflow enshrouded Thunder Island. On a winding corridor behind the palace, Luo Feng walked alongside Primal Chaos City Leader. After a few moments, Luo Feng broke the silence.

“Teacher, you summoned me here, and yet you are not saying anything. This is making me very unsettled.”

“I am not saying anything because I am thinking about how I should go about convincing you. Luo Feng, you should be able to guess what I am driving at.” Primal Chaos City Leader cast his gaze at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng nodded when he heard this. “I was at Primal Chaos City, and when the virtual universe system identified a disambiguation mirror stone… I knew that you were bound to call on me regarding this. Earlier on, I was still wishfully hoping that the virtual universe system would keep the secret for me and not let this news go public.”

Prior to the identification, it had never crossed Luo Feng’s mind that Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress coveted the disambiguation mirror stone. If he had guessed the degree of importance of this item, then the result would not have brought about such an uproar. After the identification process was completed, when Luo Feng found out it was a disambiguation mirror stone, it was all too late.

“The virtual universe system normally maintains confidentiality,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “After applying a thorough and logical judgment on the results, it must have reached a final confirmation… that this matter will affect the entire race. Therefore, it chose to forward the information to every one of us universe masters.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Now the situation is very simple,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. He walked to the dining table outside the corridor and casually summoned his servants. Two servants soon entered in a reverent manner and lined the table with a delectable spread of fine cuisine. “Luo Feng, sit. Sit while we talk.”

Luo Feng followed suit and sat down. The moment he saw that there were food and drinks laid out, he knew that Primal Chaos City Leader, his teacher, was taking this matter very seriously. At the very least, he had made exquisite arrangements just for their meetup. In the past, whenever teacher and student had conversations, it was always chatting by the cliff in front of the palace or within the palace hall. This time, it was at the back of the corridor—and even called for sitting down for a conversation? This was unprecedented.

“The situation is simple, because when you were at Primal Chaos City to identify the valuable, the virtual universe system sent the information to the Huge Axe Creator and all the other universe masters of our human race.” Looking at Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader added, “Which means that… every great being of the human race who is a higher-up will know. How should we handle this matter? Let’s make a decision.”

Luo Feng’s cheek twitched. Decision? He glanced over at his teacher,

Primal Chaos City Leader saw his reaction and said, “I believe you can guess the outcome.”

“What outcome?” Luo Feng could not help but exclaim.

“Our race really needs this disambiguation mirror stone,” Primal Chaos City Leader solemnly informed him. “The disambiguation mirror stone involves a super true treasure. The Disambiguation Temple is one of the greatest treasure vaults that has emerged during the opening of the entire Original Star. It is vital to our race! The human race may be strong and powerful, but we do not have a single supreme true treasure to reign dominance over the others. With one more domain type true treasure of a pinnacle level… it would greatly benefit our race.”

“No supreme true treasure to reign dominance over the others?” Luo Feng was stunned for a moment.

The human race… had no supreme true treasures.

“We humans really do not have any supreme true treasures?” Luo Feng could not help asking.

Primal Chaos City Leader hesitated for a while, then shook his head and replied, “No. We used to. But not now.”

“Used to?”

Luo Feng grew increasingly suspicious. There seemed to be more than met the eyes. Yet, according to the information he had found on the virtual universe network—especially now that his status allowed him access to much more important information—he realized that supreme true treasures were indeed an extremely rare sight in the universe.

Based on what Sitting Mountain Guest had told him, even for universe supreme beings, there were a few of them who did not own any supreme true treasures! Universe supreme beings would go crazy over supreme true treasures without fail. The predominant treasure of the universe’s greatest power, the Ancestral God School… was none other than a piece of a supreme true treasure.

Through all this coveting and all the information, Luo Feng could discern the rarity of supreme true treasures, but what he had not expected was that, as strong and comparatively powerful as they were, even the Hong Alliance and the human race did not own any supreme true treasures.

“Yes, indeed, there are none.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng and said, “Out of the top nine powers in the universe, five of them possess a supreme true treasure, but our human race certainly doesn’t.”

Luo Feng felt a twinge of anxiety. This was one of the shortcomings of the human race.

“The true treasure that the disambiguation mirror stone involves should be comparable to the most important true treasure that we human race possess.” Primal Chaos City Leader gazed at Luo Feng. “And all the universe masters are in consensus that… the disambiguation mirror stone is in your hands; thus you should be allowed to venture into Disambiguation Temple. But the outcome may not be ideal. If it were given to Huge Axe Creator instead, the chances of succeeding would be much higher.

“Huge Axe Creator?” Luo Feng’s heart lurched. That was a universe supreme being!

“Of course, I won’t force you.” Primal Chaos City Leader held up his wine glass, looked at the wine through the transparent glass and continued. “The decision is yours to make.” Then he looked Luo Feng straight in his eyes and said, “I hope that you will help our race this once.”

Luo Feng was taken aback. Help? He was no fool, having attained the level of cultivation of today. Besides, he had led the life of a vagrant roaming the universe for 50,000 years, which had widened his horizons and allowed him a penetrating view of all the deception and dishonesty common in the universe. There were many things that he could have figured out on his own. He could have guessed why Primal Chaos City Leader summoned him here.

The negotiation tactic that Primal Chaos City Leader deployed was considerably dignified and aboveboard. There was no other method than to come up with a detailed analysis of the entire situation and present all the facts to Luo Feng outright. Then in his capacity as an honorable universe master, as well as his position of a teacher to Luo Feng, he would ask Luo Feng to help their race this once!

This put Luo Feng in a spot. He was not mentally prepared for this. He found it difficult to reject him then and there.

“Teacher…” Luo Feng began.

Primal Chaos City Leader was still looking at Luo Feng.

“This time around,” Luo Feng continued, “there are 36 disambiguation mirror stones scattered all over the 10,081 original starts, yet our human race does not own a single one at all?”

“Not one.” Primal Chaos City Leader raised his head to down his wine. Based on Luo Feng’s question, he could already detect his unwillingness. Putting down his wine glass, he said, “The number of great beings within the human race is one of the fewest in the universe. We form the minority. Take the Northern Territory Alliance, for instance. It is the alliance with the greatest number of great beings on the universe. The number of universe knights that they have is more than 100 times that of our Hong Alliance! The more the number of great beings dispersed in the various primal stars, the higher the chances of obtaining these ambiguation mirror stones. My speculation of the situation at present is that the Northern Territory Alliance would, at most, have obtained one or two disambiguation mirror stones. After all, in contrast to the entire universe, the Northern Territory Alliance only constitutes a small portion. If even they are unlikely to own more than one, then how many can we humans possibly obtain?”

“That few?” Luo Feng was dumbfounded.

The number of heirs and universe knights of the Hong Alliance was a far cry from that of the Northern Territory Alliance. This time, in the Original Stars, the number of universe knights from the Northern Territory Alliance who had died at his hands exceeded 20.

“There is still a large batch of top-tier powers within the universe that are in the lead, like the Nine Territories Alliance and the Thorn Ring Alliance, and also some other allied powers that are much weaker… Although they are weak, their numbers are many, which is why most of the 36 disambiguation mirror stones were taken by these powers. When the time comes, they will enter Disambiguation Temple through the 36 different paths… These powers will then get the chance to obtain even more powerful true treasures. Maybe this was a balancing method of the universe.”

Luo Feng nodded his head as he listened on.

Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng and said, “Give me an answer. Are you willing or not?”

Luo Feng gave a straightforward reply. “Teacher, I am unwilling to.”

Primal Chaos City Leader gave a slight frown, but his expression softened thereafter, and he said, “You are unwilling to? Out of 36 great beings entering the Disambiguation Temple this time around, there may be a few great beings who have obtained these disambiguation mirror stones that we are not acquainted with. But those going in… more than half of them range from universe masters to universe supreme beings. Others will most likely be top-tier universe overlords and universe overlords. If you do not have the capability of a universe overlord, then you do not qualify to enter! This is the rule that countless generations have observed whenever it comes to vying for the greatest treasure each time the Original Stars open. And ultimately, the ones who obtain the supreme true treasures… are almost always universe masters or universe supreme beings!”

Primal Chaos City Leader stared at Luo Feng and added, “Do you even know… what a universe supreme being is? Even for someone of my level, meeting a supreme being means doomsday has arrived. They are the most powerful and fearsome life forms within the universe.” Primal Chaos City Leader was starting to sound anxious. “And you still want to go?”

Luo Feng nodded. “Yes.”

It was precisely because he knew the details of the entire situation; and also, he knew that the disambiguation mirror stone was not distributed according to how capable or how strong the great beings were, but rather, distributed at random. Therefore, strong and weak alike might stand a chance of obtaining these mirror stones. Besides, every one of these great beings would be entering through a different path, so it was all a gamble one had to take.

From a historical point of view, since countless generations before, during every opening of the Original Stars, the greatest treasure— according to what Primal Chaos City Leader knew—was most likely to be claimed by a universe master or a universe supreme being.

If I were to attain the level of a universe knight, thought Luo Feng, my godly body would become much bigger and stronger. Then Force Armor would be able to muster its third form! I might even be able to try to obtain the fifth black metal board. From what I heard from Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest, the fifth black metal board may present me with an accidental surprise. Regardless, by that time, I will already be able to mobilize Star Tower. Even if I were to face a universe supreme being, I would be able to hide in Star Tower, and he could not do anything to me!

After all, Star Tower… was a supreme true treasure!

The human race did not owe any supreme true treasure; Star Tower did not have a master to control it and was placed out of any territory and on the battlefield. This had brought about war among the four pinnacle races, where universe supreme beings went crazy for them but no one could claim it. This was power!

Luo Feng counted upon Star Tower… Naturally, he was fearless of any other being. He was brimming with confidence.

The Disambiguation Temple… of course he would be the one going in! If he got stronger, his race would get stronger likewise.

“Don’t you feel that your abilities may not make the grade?” Primal Chaos City Leader could not help but ask. “Going there is too dangerous for you.”

“Teacher,” Luo Feng said, looking at Primal Chaos City Leader. “Your disciple now possess the power of a top-tier universe overlord.”


Chapter 1090: My Home Planet: Earth

There were all sorts of delicious dishes from different territories in the universe, but Luo Feng hadn’t touched any of them. Primal Chaos City Leader poured the wine and looked at Luo Feng.

“Top-tier universe overlord?” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “I know that your godly body can rival that of a universe knight, and you have your Remote Ocean body to serve as an endless godly power source. And your Golden Horned Beast body is also 600 miles long. And with your senior true treasure armor… Even a top-tier universe overlord will find it difficult to kill you, but that doesn’t mean you’re at that level.”

However, Luo Feng gazed at his teacher firmly.

Primal Chaos City Leader gazed right back at Luo Feng. “Are you sure?” he asked.

Luo Feng nodded. “Yes.”

“Did you kill all those universe knights of other races?” Primal Chaos City Leader couldn’t help asking.

Luo Feng nodded.

Primal Chaos City Leader kept staring at Luo Feng. He was a witness to Luo Feng’s rise in power, and it was beyond his imagination how quickly he had improved. What Luo Feng had just said was terrifying, yet Primal Chaos City Leader found it almost convincing based on their relationship for 100,000 years.

“We’ll talk about it later!” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head. “Luo Feng, I’m your teacher, so trust me, I’m doing it for your best interest.”

“Please continue, teacher,” said Luo Feng.

“The disambiguation mirror stone is related to the most important true treasure ever—since the original stars have opened,” Primal Chaos City Leader said solemnly. “The universe masters and Huge Axe Creator know that you have a disambiguation mirror stone. Although they won’t force you to give them the stone, they’ll be upset with you if you don’t. You’re meant to be one of the top seniors of us humans, and it would be unwise for you to upset them now.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Even if you have the power of a top-tier universe overlord,” Primal Chaos City Leader went on, “it’s not going to help you much. Half the beings who will enter the Disambiguation Temple are universe overlords, and there might even be one or two universe supreme masters! Though the 36 portals give special consideration to the weak, power is all that matters in the end. It must be universe masters or even universe supreme masters who fight for the true treasure! Even you, someone as strong as a top-tier universe overlord, will have to back down.”

Primal Chaos City Leader gazed at Luo Feng. Luo Feng said nothing.

“If you insist on going,” said Primal Chaos City Leader, “not only will you upset universe overlords, but you won’t be able to get the true treasure either. Why do that?”

He had begun this conversation from the perspective of the race, and now he was trying to sway Luo Feng from the perspective of costs and benefits. He only had one goal: to persuade Luo Feng to hand over the disambiguation mirror stone.

“Besides,” he continued, “our race will make it up to you. After all, you’re the owner of the disambiguation mirror stone. How much do you think a disambiguation mirror stone is worth? 20 true treasure points? 30 true treasure points? Our race will definitely give you compensation if you give it up.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help sighing. If it had been a universe master who gained the stone, there wouldn’t have been this much trouble. The race was talking to him politely because he had the potential to become one of the top-tier seniors. If Luo Feng were only an ordinary universe knight, their attitude at the moment might have been completely different. However, he had obtained the disambiguation mirror stone by himself! The stone belonged to him!

Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng. “I hope that you will hand it in.”

Luo Feng wouldn’t have given a darn if it were any other universe masters trying to persuade him, but Primal Chaos City Leader had been generous to him by leading him and guiding him.

“Teacher, did you just say that our race will compensate me if I contribute it to our race?” Luo Feng took a deep breath. “I don’t have high requirements… I’ll hand in the disambiguation mirror stone if I can get half the ownership of Earth back! Which means I want Earth, my home planet, back!”

“Is this the only condition?”

“If you say yes,” said Luo Feng, “I’ll hand in the disambiguation mirror stone to our race. I want nothing more than the other half of ownership of Earth. If you say no, then I won’t give away the stone.”

Primal Chaos City Leader was dazed. “Earth?”

“Yes, Earth.” Luo Feng nodded.

Silence. Both supreme beings sitting at two sides of the dining table both had gone silent.

“You want Earth back?” Primal Chaos City Leader said gradually after staying silent for a long while. “What are you going to do about the immigrants from foreign planets?”

“When I lost half my ownership to 50 billion mixed elements,” Luo Feng said solemnly. “I also allowed in lots of immigrants from other planets to live in the oceans and floating cities in the sky above the oceans. However, they’re after immigrants instead of earthlings! The Earth is the origin place of us earthlings, and it’s my home planet. I’ll ask those immigrants from foreign planets. Mainland and oceans. They all belong to earthlings!”

He could only give away half the ownership of the Earth under pressure from his race! However, Luo Feng had been waiting to get Earth back! In the past years, the immigrants had been arrogant, and Luo Feng could only try to stop them from behaving recklessly. However, the immigrants looked down upon the earthlings from the bottom of their hearts. The blue planet belonged to earthlings, after all!

“You want to chase them out?” Primal Chaos City Leader whispered.

“Teacher, I gave it away for 50 billion mixed elements only.” Luo Feng smiled. “50 billion mixed elements isn’t even worthy of a treasure. I’m offering the disambiguation mirror stone now! If you calculate the benefits, it’s millions of times more valuable!”

“I understand.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “I can’t decide on this issue, but I’ll give you an answer soon.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded.

Luo Feng wasn’t a fool, and neither was he a fool who would buy into something like making a “sacrifice” for the race. He wouldn’t give away a valuable to make another great being stronger!

Ever since Luo Feng first stepped off his home planet, he had been carrying the responsibility of the Earth! The fate and future of the earthlings depended on him, which was why he wouldn’t give up any opportunities to become more powerful. Besides, he had obtained the disambiguation mirror stone by himself!

The Disambiguation Temple was the most important valuable since the original stars opened! Luo Feng really wanted to go there. But his teacher had asked him personally, and his teacher was sincere. Taking back Earth was a more important dream to Luo Feng! Compared to taking back Earth, disambiguation mirror stone was much less significant.

Taking back Earth is not an easy task in my plan, thought Luo Feng. If I can take this opportunity to take back Earth, I won’t care about the disambiguation mirror stone.

The race and the Earth. Though Luo Feng had a sense of belonging to the human race, he had much stronger ties to Earth! He was, first and foremost, the leader of the earthlings and carried the fate of Earth! He was a member of the human race second. Besides, the disambiguation mirror stone was only something that could make the humans stronger. It had nothing to do with the destiny of the human race… He didn’t need to worry about that.

Starlight shone brightly in space as the universe masters sat on both sides of the bench.

“Has he agreed, Chaos?”

“Is there an issue? Did Luo Feng say no to you, his teacher?”

“How can he say no? It will be a waste to leave him with the disambiguation mirror stone! I’ll go talk to him if you failed.”

Huge Axe Creator glanced around, and all the universe masters went silent.

“Chaos, tell them,” Huge Axe Creator said.

“Luo Feng said yes.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked around at the other universe masters. “But he gave one condition.”

“Nice.”

“He agreed?”

“It’s good that he agreed! As for the condition, we’ll compensate him.”

“What is his condition?”

Some universe masters asked while others simply stared at Primal Chaos City Leader said. He wouldn’t have summoned them if the issue were simple.

Primal Chaos City Leader continued, “His condition is straightforward… He wants the other half of ownership of Earth. The Earth is his home planet! We bought the Earth for 50 billion mixed elements, and after that, all the powers were able to send their candidates to Earth. Now, he wants Earth back.”

“But what about the candidates of other clans?” said a cold voice.

“Luo Feng wants to drive out all the candidates from foreign planets and leave only the earthlings,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

“No way!”

“Certainly unthinkable.”

“Not possible!”

The universe masters voiced their opinions one by one, irritated at the very idea. Earth had drawn special attention when it was discovered… However, when Huge Axe Creator deemed that Earth was a special planet created by Sitting Mountain Guest, the universe masters were only curious. They hadn’t realized how precious Earth was.

However, after 100,000 years, generations of candidates from foreign planets were born on Earth. And all the candidates born there were more likely to have better comprehension, which led to better dispositions, and higher chances of becoming great beings and talents!

“Disposition” was an attribute that appeared unimportant at the start of training, but the more powerful one got, the more important it became! This amazed the universe masters. What an amazing planet —Earth! What an amazing achievement by Mountain Sitting Guest!

The descendants born on Earth had completely different souls, which made them more likely to have better dispositions. For 100,000 years, there had been a large group of geniuses and great beings, and there were numerous sector lords. As time went by, Earth might become a mighty clan within the human race, like the Flame God Race! And compared to Flame God Race, the earthlings had higher potential!

“No way!” the universe masters said.

“That’s a specially made planet by Mountain Sitting Guest. It’s priceless!”

“Ask him to change a condition.”


Chapter 1091: Turmoil

“Earth? No way.”

“The disambiguation mirror stones. There are 36 of them. There is no way that one can replace Earth!”

Seeing how the other universe masters were disagreeing, Primal Chaos City Leader could not help but frown as he spoke. “Back when I came forward in the capacity of the Virtual Universe Company, I spent a mere 50 billion mixed elements to buy Earth’s ocean ownership rights. Those 50 billion mixed elements were not a one-time payment; it was split into three installments. Now that I am using this disambiguation mirror stone to trade… I think the amount should be about the same.”

“Primal Chaos City Leader!”

“Primal Chaos City Leader!”

Two universe masters called out at the same time. They looked at each other, then one of them—a giant with three sharp horns and a body covered with a scaly armor—said in a deep, low voice, “Back then, Luo Feng was a mere nobody. 50 billion mixed elements was a sky-high amount. Although you signed a contract in the name of the Virtual Universe Company… you also have an agreement with us, the Universe Mercenary Alliance, and some other parties! The Earth’s ocean ownership rights and ocean high-altitude ownership rights are shared among the five of us! All five of us have sent our descendants down to dwell on Earth. It has been 100,000 years since then, due to the unique characteristics of Earth, which you all should already know.

“What an amazing planet! The children who are born on Earth could be so much stronger in their ability to learn and acquire power. While their initial speed of improvement matches that of descendants on other planets, as time goes by, with continual learning and acquisition, the rate at which they improve far surpasses descendants on other planets. Sitting Mountain Guest is unbelievably remarkable. To think he could create such a planet! Who knows how many years he spent creating a planet where the souls of babies could undergo evolutionary changes? This is really too incredible for words.” The giant sighed in awe. “Sitting Mountain Guest really lives up to his status as the most senior of all universe supreme beings.”

Positioned at the highest societal level of the human race, they all knew about Sitting Mountain Guest. The human race might have universe supreme beings, but during the time when the universe was just emerging, humans were like toddlers stumbling about as they learned how to walk, slowly and unsteadily multiplying in numbers. At that time, the special life forms that ran rampant in the universe were the invincible beings. These special life forms were naturally endowed with strength and power, like the Eight Natural Beast Gods…

As for Sitting Mountain Guest, during the most ancient period following the birth of the universe, he had already become a loner among the universe supreme beings.

“Earth is continually creating great beings,” the giant continued in his low, deep voice. “It can create such a huge branch like the human race, giving it value not inferior to that of a pinnacle domain type true treasure. There is no way I will agree to trade it for anything that easily!”

“I disagree, too.”

“Disagreed.”

Authoritative figures of the two major powers, the Universe First Bank and the Universe Star River Bank, voiced their disagreements together. This worried Primal Chaos City Leader. He gave a slight frown.

“So, the disambiguation mirror stone. What should be done about it?” Huge Axe Creator’s booming voice sounded from his throne. “If no one is willing to return Earth, then Luo Feng will not be handing over the disambiguation mirror stone.”

“What our human race lacks is a supreme true treasure!” the giant continued. “As for the pinnacle domain type true treasure… considering this level, the human race already owns quite a few pieces. Besides, the disambiguation mirror stone only represents a chance of obtaining a true treasure of a pinnacle level. Haven’t we met with quite a number of similar chances so far? Like the Universe Ocean… If we dared to go all-out, it is possible to obtain a pinnacle domain type true treasure anytime.”

“With a one in 36 chance of obtaining a pinnacle domain type true treasure! Using this to trade for Earth is out of the question.”

“That’s right.”

“I agree with Deserted Mirror.”

The authoritative figures of the Universe Mercenary Alliance, Universe First Bank, and Universe Star River Bank voiced their opinions.

“Dear all. My disciple, Luo Feng,” Primal Chaos City Leader began. “His ability has reached that of a top-tier universe overlord standard.”

Hua!

All the universe masters, including Huge Axe Creator, looked over.

“Primal Chaos City Leader, you are not kidding?”

“Luo Feng just started cultivation not long ago. A top-tier universe overlord?”

“Have you witnessed it personally?”

“It can’t be true.”

“Impossible.”

Not a single one of the universe masters could believe that Luo Feng, who had only 10,000 years’ worth of cultivation and had only become undying 20,000 years ago was now at the top-tier universe overlord level. In the entire universe, almost no one would have found such a claim believable.

“Primal Chaos City Leader, is it true?” Huge Axe Creator could not help asking.

Primal Chaos City Leader scanned his surroundings. Then, with a slight nod, he replied, “I have yet to test it for myself. However, we have been teacher and disciple for 10,000 years, and based on my understanding of him… if he dares say so, it must be true!”

“You have yet to test him personally.”

“So, this claim is not tested or proven yet.”

The universe masters who had not really crossed paths with Luo Feng laughed and shook their heads.

Deserted Mirror, the authoritative figure of the Universe Mercenary Alliance laughed aloud. “Primal Chaos City Leader, Luo Feng may be using the disambiguation mirror stone and matters on Earth to add to his capital. He is taking advantage of his relationship with you. He may be saying it on purpose because he has faith that you, his teacher, will believe him.”

“Deserted Mirror, you think my disciple is like yours?” Primal Chaos City Leader said, his eyes burning with a trace of anger.

Deserted Mirror smiled but did not dare say anything further. After all, Primal Chaos City Leader wielded the highest authority in the Virtual Universe Company. In terms of ability or status, no one else present, other than Huge Axe Creator, was qualified to oppress him! Furthermore, even the primal universe was under his jurisdiction… All of these accolades raised Primal Chaos City Leader’s status by leaps and bounds.

Out of the five major powers within the human race, Huge Axe Dojo and the Virtual Universe Company were the strongest; the Universe Mercenary Alliance, the Universe First Bank, and the Universe Star River Bank were one notch lower.

“If Luo Feng claims to be a top-tier universe overlord and wants to try his hand at entering the Disambiguation Temple, let him be. He needs to taste a little suffering. As for trading back Earth… the disambiguation mirror stone is a far cry from sufficient.”

“A disambiguation mirror stone in exchange for the Earth’s ownership rights is definitely unacceptable.”

Primal Chaos City Leader suppressed a sigh as he noted the circumstances. Noble beings such as these universe masters… How strange their temperaments were! Cold and arrogant, obstinate and unruly, kind to look at but ruthless in heart. These beings had so many faces! They could steer clear from touching the bottom line, so humans naturally would tolerate their presence. These super beings enjoyed special privileges, so long as they did not touch the bottom line!

Out of all the universe masters, Primal Chaos City Leader was usually the one who presided major events pertaining to issues of the human race. He was also the one who always held such issues in the highest regard.

From his point of view, Earth might be important, but regardless of whether geniuses were cultivated by other major powers, or cultivated by human dwellers living on Earth—weren’t they all essentially part of the human race? Overall, the human race was still strong and powerful and able to earn Luo Feng’s gratitude and loyalty. Furthermore, the humans’ territory was vast… even if there was a branch of Earth that was comparable to the Yan Shen race, it was still only a small part of the overall power of the human race.

The current matter concerns their own benefits, so none of them are willing to relent easily, thought Primal Chaos City Leader and sighed inwardly.

From his throne, Huge Axe Creator shouted his orders. “This discussion shall end here!”

The other universe masters fell silent as they looked toward him.

“Primal Chaos City Leader,” Huge Axe Creator said, looking at him.

With a slight bow to indicate his respect, Primal Chaos City Leader was on all ears.

“You have to inform Luo Feng that using the disambiguation mirror stone to exchange for Earth’s ownership rights is impossible. If he is unwilling to accept our other proposals, the race will not force him to.” Huge Axe Creator smiled. “As for Earth’s ownership rights… do tell him that so long as his ability and power could attain a certain level that is considered sufficient, then of course, nothing is impossible.”

Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “I understand.”

On the contrary, the other universe masters were a little caught by surprise.

“Huge Axe Creator.”

“Huge Axe Creator, this…”

Huge Axe Creator’s gaze scanned the hall as he said coldly, “The time when Luo Feng is able to sit here with us will be the time to return Earth’s ownership rights to him.”

A couple of universe masters could only lower their heads in compliance.

When Huge Axe Creator gave out orders, not a single soul in the human race would dare to go against him.

Luo Feng caught wind of the news very quickly.

When he heard the news from his teacher, Luo Feng was understandably angry. But he also saw a glimmer of hope. He was mad because a mere 50 billion mixed elements had bought half the Earth’s ownership rights, but now, even with his disambiguation mirror stone that was worth 10,000 times more—or even a million times more. Yet he could not even use it to exchange for the ownership rights!

As for the glimmer of hope, he was looking forward to the promise Huge Axe Creator made to him!

That shows how important the Earth is, thought Luo Feng. It will not be returned to me so easily. Sitting together with them, is it? Soon. Earth… ultimately belongs to us Earthlings.

For close to 100,000 years, he had been diligently cultivating himself to become stronger and more powerful so that one fine day, he could hold up the entire sky for his fellow earthlings! He would do that because he was the greatest being of all the earthlings—the “God” that they worshipped. He would become the spiritual leader for all earthlings!

Actually, back when Luo Feng first stepped into the universe, especially when he was a horde leader of Earth, he had warded off many rounds of danger for Earth, which was the reason the earthlings worshipped him.

There were those who worshipped him simply for who he was! There were those who worshipped him immensely as a hero!

As time passed, day after day, year after year, they naturally came to worship him even more. Especially the earthlings who were roaming the universe like Luo Feng, who came to know more about the benefits he had brought them. From then up to 100,000 years later… the worshipping of Luo Feng, being handed down to many generations thereafter, had eventually led to Luo Feng becoming a symbol—and a leader of the human race on Earth!

“My power will soon be able to completely protect the human race living on Earth,” Luo Feng said to himself.

At the Northern Territory Alliance, in the palace of Star River Master.

“Star River Master.”

Flourishing Light Horde Leader’s two heads were bowed and full of respect.

A voice sounded amidst the darkness that shrouded the palace. “Alliance Master has resurrected you. But you were saying… The one who killed you was Luo Feng?”

“Yes,” Flourishing Light Horde Leader replied respectfully. “He killed me with one strike—with just only one strike!”

Luo Feng had left the Beast God sector to return to the primal universe, and when he arrived back at the Original Star once again… he was a mobile treasury in human form, ripe for the picking by the great beings of other races. Back then, the first one to cross paths with him had been Flourishing Light Horde Leader, and he had been killed by Luo Feng with a single strike of his sword.

“Are you sure it was Luo Feng? With only one strike?” asked the voice amidst the darkness again.

“Star River Master, I am dead sure,” said Flourishing Light Horde Leader. “This was the scene of how he killed me back then!”

Flourishing Light horde leader replied deferentially as he recalled his memories through his godly power, playing it as though it were a video clip. Luo Feng’s cold and sharp blade transformed into a dazzling golden light. With one strike, it sliced through Flourishing Light Horde Leader’s ordinary true treasure armor and sent him to kingdom come without hesitation.

Silence.

Star River Master went silent, too. He had resurrected a great number of universe knights, and had already heard of a few claiming that they had been killed by Luo Feng… That implied that Luo Feng already had the power of a universe overlord.

But Flourishing Light Horde Leader was a universe overlord! And just one strike was enough to kill him… That sort of power was only possible by a top-tier universe overlord.

“Becoming undying in just 2,000 years…” The voice in the dark space was full of shock. “Send out my orders.”

The voice resonated throughout the entire palace grounds and was heard by all the universe knights, who immediately went about carrying out his orders.

“The human, Luo Feng, possess the power of a top-tier universe overlord, and his power is comparable to that of the human, Heaven Erosion Palace Master. Send out this information to the whole universe. Everyone in the universe must know, especially powers like the bug soldiers, demons, and automaton race—all those who bear great enmity against the human race! They are bound to go through any means to eliminate Luo Feng as soon as they can. He was able to attain Heaven Erosion Palace Master’s standard in such a short time. If he has another few hundred years, then won’t the human race have another great being like Primal Chaos City Leader?”

“Yes!”

“Yes!”

“Yes!”

Every universe knight within the palace grounds received the order.

News started spreading out quickly from every channel of the Northern Territory Alliance. The Northern Territory Alliance was one of the biggest super powers within the universe, with the highest number of races and a massive number of universe knights. When they initiated the dissemination of news, word spread quickly.

Within one day, all nine great powers of the universe, various top-tier powers—almost everyone in the entire vast universe—had heard the news.

The news naturally reached the human race, too, and every human universe knight caught wind of it. True Yan Knight, Bound Time Knight, Sir Nine Blade, Ganwu Country Master, Heaven Erosion Palace Master, Undying Knight, Gui Yi Knight… All of them received this universe-shattering news about an unbelievably incredible life form who was powerful beyond comprehension—Luo Feng. The one who had thrown into turmoil every higher-up in all the various races in the universe.


Chapter 1092: My Heart is Peaceful

Inside Flame God Territory, in the main palace surrounded by endless flames.

“That human Luo Feng has the power of a top-tier universe overlord? He killed Flourishing Light Horde Leader with one attack? Not possible!” Flame Emperor raged and roared, and his eyes were glinting with madness. He was innately proud, and he was proud of being cultivated by Mountain Sitting Guest.

He looked down upon his older brother, as he was originally a slave of his teacher, and he had inferior potential and true treasures compared to him. He already craved to become an equal of Mountain Sitting Guest or even stronger!

However, after Luo Feng showed up, Mountain Sitting Guest also devoted his time and energies to this third disciple, and he had even prepared a supreme true treasure Star Tower for Luo Feng! Flame Emperor longed for that supreme true treasure, but it was no use. He had been wary of that third brother, as he found him to be the biggest threat to him.

“100,000 years!” Flame Emperor growled. “How is it possible for him to have the power of a top-tier universe overlord in only 100,000 years! How is it possible? It must be teacher Mountain Sitting Guest! It’s got to be because of his arrangements! Luo Feng isn’t capable of accomplishing that all by himself! Teacher Mountain Sitting Guest favors third brother too much! He gave him the supreme true treasure! And now he helped him gain the power of a top-tier universe overlord after he’s been undying for only 20,000 years.”

Flame Emperor’s face twisted with fury. “Just wait and see… Just wait and see, Teacher Mountain Sitting Guest! He’ll never catch up with me, even with your help! I’ll always be his better! I’ll be stronger—stronger even than you!”

The space around Flame Emperor cracked, and the eyes under his sole horn looked crazed and terrifying.

The news was widely spread, and it shocked all the powers in the universe.

Para-chopper Knight from the bug race had been resurrected. He had a senior true treasure armor yet was still killed by Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng was the one who killed me,” Para-chopper Knight said. “I had a senior true treasure armor, but one attack from him damaged more than half of my godly body, and two attacks killed me directly!”

That news was more shocking! A universe overlord wearing a senior true treasure armor being killed by two attacks was even more terrifying than Flourishing Light Horde Leader being killed by one!

“A senior true treasure? A universe overlord was killed even while wearing a senior true treasure?”

“That’s outrageous.”

“He must be a top-tier universe overlord!”

“What a coincidence! The Bug Race Alliance gave out the news right after the Northern Territory Alliance gave out the news.”

“It’s extremely difficult to resurrect a universe overlord. Para-chopper Knight must have been revived after the news spread that Flourishing Light Horde Leader was killed by Luo Feng… The bug race resurrected Para-chopper Knight just to verify the news. Nobody expected Para-chopper Knight to say something so shocking.”

The two pieces of news were spread in one day, and they took the universe by storm!

Inside the universe owned by the automaton race.

Countless threads were connecting the planets and stars, giving the universe the appearance of a gigantic net.

A voice resounded in every corner in that universe. “My children,” it said, “that human who’s only been training for 100,000 years is so powerful that he can kill a universe overlord wearing a senior true treasure? Is that true?”

“Father God, I’ve contacted the Thorn Ring Alliance, and they said it’s true.”

“I’ve done my research as well, and it is true. I’ve seen the footage of Para-chopper Knight being killed.”

“Father God, we can’t leave Luo Feng alive!”

“Father God!”

Automation race was a peculiar race, as all the members in the race were intelligent life forms, but there was a command for them to obey at their very core! They surrendered themselves completely to the greatest being in the automation race, a universe supreme being known as “Father God.” They would happily die if it was a command from their Father God, and there was an exceptional bond among the creatures within automaton race.

Father God’s voice was spread all across the universe, saying, “It’s only been 20,000 years since he became undying, and he has the power of a top-tier universe overlord now. He’ll definitely be a threat to our race if we just let him roam free! My children, follow my order. Search for Luo Feng and kill him! We must kill him before he becomes a universe master!”

“Yes.”

“Yes, Father God!”

The automaton race, bug race, and demon race were all terrified.

The human race, bug race, demon race, and automaton race lived nearby each other, and they had been fighting against each other for an eternity. There had been a myriad of feuds among them, and one great being after another was born in the course of war! They looked down upon prison race and the crystal race.

Once a particular race of the four pinnacle races became stronger, other three races would often form an alliance without discussion. The other three races would take action if an exceptional genius was born, as they couldn’t allow any one power among them to be visibly stronger! Of course, if a race suddenly stumbled and fell, it would be a pleasant surprise to the other three races. The responses to news of Luo Feng came as expected.

“He’s been growing too fast!”

“He’ll be another Primal Chaos City Leader if we let him roam free. We must kill him as soon as possible. Otherwise, he’ll become so powerful that even universe supreme masters aren’t able to kill him!”

“Kill him!”

“Kill him before he becomes a universe master!”

“Pass along my order! Every great being on the original stars should keep an eye on Luo Feng!”

“Pass along my order!”

The automaton race, bug race, and demon race all made this a top priority. They all knew that if a supreme being was born within the race, like Nine Remoteness Master—although he wasn’t technically a universe supreme master—he could make all the pinnacle races desperate.

Luo Feng had an inherited technique: clone! He could be reborn even if one of his godly bodies was killed! A powerful universe master with clone technique would be a nightmare to enemy races! And he would definitely become a pillar of his own race.

“We must kill him!”

The Northern Territory Alliance also wanted Luo Feng dead, but they felt relatively relieved. They knew that the automaton race, demon race, and bug race ought to be the anxious ones! As for the Ancestral God School, the Space Beast Alliance, the prison race, and they crystal race… They were looking forward to watching the fight among the four pinnacle races.

“That human Luo Feng is indeed incredible.”

“If he can survive this and become a universe master, nobody will be able to hurt him.”

No one was more shocked than the human race.

In the open-air bar in the virtual universe, most of the universe knights had gathered. Normally, there were only a few thousand of them, but today, more than 90 percent of the universe knights of the human race were here! Universe knights of other races were also here. There were discussions everywhere.

“Is Luo Feng that incredible?”

“He’s improved too fast!”

“Even Flame Emperor can’t compare with him.”

Jealousy was to be expected in the face of such power, just as how Luo Feng had upset many universe knights when he’d moved to the mountainside of Thunder Island. However, Luo Feng had exceptional power now. He was so powerful that he could kill a universe overlord with one attack… That kind of power was awed by universe knights.

“It’s a miracle.”

“Legendary!”

“It’s a miracle within our race! Where’s True Yan Knight? He’s Luo Feng’s teacher.”

“True Yan turned off his communications already. Perhaps too many universe knights are looking for him.”

Ganwu Universe Country Master was also laughing loudly. Other universe knights were all talking about Luo Feng. Ganwu Universe Country Master was a bit dazed, but he became happy instantly. After all, Luo Feng was close to him. He was the teacher of Luo Feng’s son!

“Is Luo Feng’s son your disciple?”

“Haha, yes.”

“Luo Feng has a son.”

Inside the god country, the endless Remote Ocean was tumbling and expanding. Lots of creatures were being created, and they expanded the Remote Ocean.

“It’s crazy.”

Luo Feng was sitting in the godly temple, soaked in golden light. He shook his head and smiled. He had known he couldn’t hide the fact that he had killed all those universe knights and universe overlords. He knew that the news would be impossible to keep quiet once those great beings were resurrected. However, he hadn’t expected everyone to be so angry about it.

After talking with Primal Chaos City Leader and True Yan Knight, he turned off the acceptance of the virtual universe.

“I’ll keep practicing.”

Luo Feng closed his eyes and smiled. It was filled with hustle and bustle out there, but it was tranquil and peaceful in his god country.

Hua! Hua!

The water in the endless Remote Ocean was flowing. All was a racket outside! But it was quiet in his god country.

“Teleportation, hang, seal,” Luo Feng whispered.

He opened his eyes, and his godly power triggered law threads. Three broken engraving pictures showed up in the sky, and they merged. A perfect engraving picture showed up. It was an engraving picture that looked like the seventh picture of the “Nine Universe Primal Chaos Tablet.”

“I’ve finished the space law,” Luo Feng said with a smile.

Hong! Long!

Endless universe origin law arrived at the god country, and the Remote Ocean started to churn.


Chapter 1093: The Foundation Is Built

Above the boundless Remote Ocean was a gigantic five-colored whirlpool with a diameter of tens of billions of miles. It covered the sky above the Remote Ocean. Gold, wood, water, fire, and ground— all five laws were perfectly merged. At the center of the whirlpool was a space, and it was emanating endless force of space law origin!

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Unlimited godly power flooded out from the space and poured into the boundless Remote Ocean.

“It’s incredible when the universe origin arrives.” Luo Feng looked up and was amazed.

Many beings became universe knights throughout history, and there was lots of footage thereof. Luo Feng had watched some footages of the breakthroughs of other great beings, and every time someone made a breakthrough, a five-colored space whirlpool of space origin ocean would arrive.

However, the five-colored space whirlpools were generally small, with a diameter of around 60 miles. Yet the whirlpool above him had a diameter of tens of billions of miles!

Hua! Hua!

Endless godly power poured out.

Hong! Long! Long!

They dashed into the boundless Remote Ocean like a waterfall while the Remote Ocean body kept absorbing the godly power to help him finish the transformation from an undying fighter to a universe knight.

“The scene I caused when I became undying was more incredible than many great beings becoming universe knights. Though the scene now is not as mysterious as those who become universe masters, it’s still as powerful as supreme beings becoming universe masters.”

Luo Feng was thrilled. The scene during the breakthrough indicated one’s power. The godly body would become 100 times stronger when someone graduated to a universe knight from an undying fighter!

Normally, human beings’ power would surge to 10 million times that of a sector lord from 100,000 times that of a sector lord. However, Luo Feng’s Boundless Remote Ocean and Golden Horned Beast had both reached perfect life gene levels, and the godly power in their natural state was already 10,081 times! The Golden Horned Beast and the boundless Remote Ocean could swallow immense amounts of power!

“Seize the moment! I must seize every minute and every second to swallow the godly power and transform my godly bodies.”

Luo Feng looked up at the sky. Unlimited godly power was pouring from the billion-mile portal.

“Absorb! Absorb! Absorb!”

The waves were tumbling in the boundless Remote Ocean. It was swallowed the waters of godly power voraciously, eager to trigger the transformation in his body.

Generally, when someone without another body, like True Yan Knight, became a universe knight, the universe origin would arrive on top of the individual directly so that he could swallow the godly power more efficiently! As for those who had other bodies, like Luo Feng, the universe origin would arrive on top of the largest body with the most energy so that it could swallow godly power more efficiently.

Luo Feng’s original earthling body, Golden Horned Beast body, and Mosha body were scattered across the universe. When he became a universe knight, the universe origin showed up above the boundless Remote Ocean, which could absorb godly power much more quickly than the Golden Horned Beast body or the original earthling body. The universe always arrived at the best choice.

The universe origin only stayed for a while. Only when someone became undying could they absorb as much energy as they wanted to transform their godly bodies; on the contrary, when becoming a universe knight or universe master, the time allotted for absorbing godly power was very short. This meant that the amount of power one was able to absorb depended on his strengths.

After a short while, everything withered away. The boundless Remote Ocean turned peaceful again, but the godly power was being transformed. Luo Feng, Golden Horned Beast body, and Mosha body were looking down. The other three bodies Luo Feng had were easily transformed, with their godly bodies becoming 100 times stronger.

The Remote Ocean is too large, thought Luo Feng. Even though it tried to absorb the power as much as possible, only 12 percent of it was transformed.

After almost 20,000 years, the boundless Remote Ocean had grown to a diameter of almost 12 billion miles. Though the Remote Ocean body absorbed an incredible amount of power, only 12 percent of it was transformed.

“When Teacher True Yan became a universe knight, 92 percent of his godly power was transformed,” Luo Feng murmured. “Normally, 90 percent of the godly bodies of human great beings are transformed, and once in a while, that amount can reach 100 percent. As for the Golden Horned Beasts from Space Beast Alliance, 50 percent can be transformed.”

Regardless, 50 percent of the Golden Horned Beasts’ godly power was zillions of times greater than that of humans. And 12 percent of the boundless Remote Ocean’s godly power was also zillions of times more than that of Golden Horned Beasts.

“With this boundless Remote Ocean, I might be able to kill even a top-tier universe overlord if I perform ‘I Am the Universe.”

Luo Feng was thrilled. It was difficult even for universe masters to kill top-tier universe overlords. It would be difficult for him as well; however, it would be more likely if he used I Am the Universe. Although he had never fought a universe master, he realized that he was not significantly weaker than universe masters.

“It is difficult for universe masters to kill top-tier universe overlords,” he said. “I’m 100 times stronger. If I meet universe masters… I’ll definitely fight them.”

Luo Feng looked down at the boundless Remote Ocean and could feel the churning godly power in his body.

A god country was the root of an undying fighter! As undying fighters became stronger, their god countries would also morph. Luo Feng had reached perfect life gene level when he was only a sector lord, and the diameter of his internal world reached 600 billion miles, which was why his god country was stronger than that of many universe knights when he had just become undying.

After 20,000 years, the boundless Remote Ocean kept expanding. The god country also gradually became stronger, but it was not a sharp change.

At the moment when Luo Feng became a universe knight, however, his god country was fundamentally changed.

Hong! Long!

The sky and land trembled. The god country was gradually transformed while absorbing the godly power from the boundless Remote Ocean. The Remote Ocean was letting out his godly power slowly to make sure it could recover it. Of course, the absolute amount of godly power let out was already terrifying based on the volume of the Remote Ocean.

“It’s stable!” said Luo Feng. “I have better control!”

He looked up at the boundless sky and land, and it was like looking watching a shack turn into a mansion. The god country before could have been easily damaged or even destroyed if a universe master had tried, but his god country now might not even be damaged even if a universe master gave all his efforts to the task.

After three days, everything went back to normal. In the sky above the boundless Remote Ocean, a towering temple was surrounded by dark space, emanating endless space law power.

Luo Feng stood in front of the temple and looked off into the distance. A being flew toward him.

Remote Ocean body is here, Luo Feng thought.

After his god country had finished being reconstructed, he had summoned back Remote Ocean body, who had been busy guarding Earth.

Hua!

Remote Ocean body immediately dismantled, and godly power merged with the boundless Remote Ocean. His armor and blade floated in the sky. After a short while, another Remote Ocean body was created using Luo Feng’s inherited technique “Creation.” The quality of the godly power of the newly created Remote Ocean body could rival that of Lord of Fan Nuo Fortress—a universe knight who was a special life form with a life gene level of 1,000 times!

Remote Ocean body just became 100 times stronger, Luo Feng thought. I bet he can suppress even the most powerful World Tree! He’s adequate to guard Earth. And I can get back there in time if he encounters something tricky.

“Haha… Four bodies,” said Luo Feng. “My boundless Remote Ocean is the fountain which provides unlimited godly power. Star Tower, Force Armor, and Beast God Armor… All of them are exceptional true treasures, and my godly body has reached a perfect status for universe knights. With my strong god country, I don’t need to be afraid of universe masters. I’ve successfully built my foundation. I won’t need to fear anything after I get Star Tower.”

Luo Feng’s eyes glinted ferociously. It was so forceful that the entire god country trembled. He hadn’t hidden his identity when he killed Para-chopper Knight and Flourishing Light Horde Leader, as he’d known that it was almost time for him to show his true power to the entire universe.

“I, Luo Feng, won’t need to be afraid anyone after becoming a universe knight. I’ve built my foundation. Other races, it’s too late for you to kill me now.”

Luo Feng turned around and disappeared into his god country.

Inside a spaceship traveling to the primal universe.

“Mr. Luo Feng.”

When Luo Feng entered the spaceship, that emperor-level captain was startled. He was responsible for transportation between the virtual universe headquarters and the primal universe, so he knew that the peerless genius Luo Feng had become a mighty, supreme being who was much more powerful than ordinary universe knights. There were many beings of other races who were dying to kill him.

“Don’t tell anyone about Mr. Luo Feng—be mindful of spies.” This was an order from the seniors of the human race, and the captain knew of it.

“Leave,” said Luo Feng. “I don’t need servants.”

“Yes, Mr. Luo Feng.” The captain left the room and gave the order. “Time to go!”

Some undying fighters and sector lords who wanted to go to the primal universe grew anxious.

“We haven’t boarded yet!”

“Wait for us!”

“Why did the spaceship leave before we board?”

The captain said, “Tell the head office that this spaceship will transfer Luo Feng to the primal universe. Ask them to arrange another spaceship for those undying fighters and sector lords! Mr. Luo Feng is exceptional, and nobody is allowed to disclose information about seeing him. As for those undying fighters and sector lords, it’s better for them not to see Mr. Luo Feng.”

“Yes, sir.” The crew immediately went to report to the head office.

The spaceship arrived at Primal Chaos City in a short while. The captain and the crew were greeting Luo Feng.

He walked out and looked down on Primal Chaos City, which was not different from the last time he came here.

Sou!

Luo Feng took a step and went to Primal Chaos City.


Chapter 1094: Farewell

Primal Chaos City was the human race’s land for cultivation. One look at those ancient buildings, and there would usually be human great beings sitting cross-legged on the rooftops of the cultivation residences. The atmosphere was always filled with the strong aura of cultivation.

“Universe level?” Luo Feng swooped down from a high altitude and saw the human great beings on the rooftops of the cultivation residences. There were some who had only reached the universe level. “This bit of power, and they are allowed into Primal Chaos City? Could they be participants from the previous War of Talents?

Some of the cultivators who were looking up at the sky to study the explicit display of secret engravings of universe laws caught sight of Luo Feng and recognized him in an instant.

“Look, it’s Sir Luo Feng.”

“It’s Sir Luo Feng.”

Having gained fame within such a short time, Luo Feng might have been the most sensational figure among the human race in the past 100,000 years. It was similar to how many of these cultivators did not know of the ancient Heaven Erosion Palace Master and some others. If, trillions of years ago, these individuals had died or been annihilated, and every piece of information pertaining to Luo Feng had been set to extremely high-level access rights, then many would naturally not know of Luo Feng. At best, they might have very limited information about him. But as of now, Luo Feng was the most prominent one.

“Is that Sir Luo Feng from the Legendary Wall of Talents that took place 110,000 years ago?”

“Yes, that’s Sir Luo Feng.”

“During the War of Talents that took place 110,000 years ago, there were three rare geniuses, of which Bolan and Rong Jun achieved breakthroughs to become undying beings, and they are now emperors! Sir Luo Feng was said to have reached the levels of sector lord and universe knight way earlier than the others.”

“So impressive. I heard that even universe knights have been annihilated by Sir Luo Feng.”

Those young fellows who were only at the universe level were getting emotional. The way they looked at Luo Feng was even more awe-filled than how Luo Feng and his peers had looked at Sir Nine Blade back then! After all, Luo Feng had emerged onto the scene only 110,000 years ago during the War of Talents. Plus, his fame and the various rumors about him were much more than those of Sir Nine Blade. But these undying, sector lords, domain masters, and universe level beings were all pretty low on the social scale… so the stories about Luo Feng killing some universe overlords were unknown to them. If they ever caught wind of that news, they would have been rendered speechless.

Such high-level information would only be known by the universe knights. In addition, some of the undying emperors who were usually quite well-informed might have caught wind of it.

“Generations of participants in the War of Talents are continually emerging. The number of great beings among the humans is increasing as well.”

Luo Feng looked down and revealed a trace of a smile. Then with a great leap forward, he speedily made his way to City Leader Palace.

Luo Feng entered the City Leader Palace and connected to the virtual universe with his conscious mind. Because news about the closing of the virtual universe had been disseminated previously, this was the first time he had made a connection after the opening of the virtual universe.

The moment he connected, virtual helper Babata—the subsidiary intelligence helper—promptly informed Luo Feng: “882,901 messages! 9,010 telephone requests! 106 important messages! 11 important telephone requests!”

“So much mail!” Luo Feng was walking in the City Leader Palace while scanning through his mail with his consciousness. He opened the message, and with his consciousness revolving rapidly, he finished looking through all his mail within only a short time.

“Other than Primal Chaos City Leader, the other three universe masters have contacted me too, especially Huge Axe Creator… He actually contacted me.”

Luo Feng’s eyes flashed with a hint of surprise. The three universe masters and Huge Axe Creator had each sent a mail message to him, and the messages were the same: a simple congratulatory mail.

The messages looked simple, but when it came to their status, these were from universe masters and a universe supreme being! To receive messages from them… was simply extraordinary.

“I should write a letter to thank them.”

Without further ado, Luo Feng replied to the three universe masters and Huge Axe Creator with a thank you letter.

After settling all these, Luo Feng put up a request to contribute a true treasure to his race. To enter that side palace of City Leader Palace, the only way was to put up such an application.

The bronze doors opened slowly, and Luo Feng stepped in. Thereafter, the doors closed again.

“Let’s begin.”

Luo Feng waved.

Hua!

At that moment, true treasures started appearing one after the other and floated about in midair. Then they drifted over to the stone plate in the center of the hall of the palace. Countless green threads of light were rising and moved to envelop the treasures in a winding manner. These true treasures were obtained by Luo Feng through his numerous battles, and in total, there was a total of four senior true treasures.

“These four senior true treasures will all be contributed, but I doubt they are enough.” Luo Feng brooded over his contribution.

Previously, when Luo Feng was thrown into the whirlpool by Craftsman Master and ended up in the Land of Extremis, he had killed Demon Sword Knight and obtained two true treasures (of which one was a senior true treasure). And when he came back from the Beast God sector and entered the Original Star for close to a year, he had killed several universe overlords and a large number of universe knights, thus obtaining a total of four senior true treasures!

Killing Tian Yang Knight had also been very rewarding. Not only had he gained the Flowing Light Wings and disambiguation mirror stone, but he also obtained an attack series true treasures, senior true treasure battle armor, and an ordinary domain type true treasure. However, his Remote Ocean body had taken three of the senior true treasures with him, so there were only five senior true treasures (including the Eight Shuttles), which Luo Feng did not require at that moment. Keeping one of these five senior true treasures—the true treasure armor—Luo Feng contributed the other four to his race.

“Contributing four senior true treasures equaled only 52.1 true treasure points,” said Luo Feng. “Still quite a fair distance from a top-tier true treasure.”

Luo Feng gave a slight shake of his head. Then he started the exchange for true treasure.

One flying-palace type ordinary true treasure, the “Wood Grain Boat,” a true treasure of the ground category, required 23 true treasure points.

One ordinary territory type true treasure, “Numerous Worlds,” required 18 true treasure points.

One senior blade type weapon, “Bo He,” which was something like the ghost blade, required 9 true treasure points.

A total of three true treasures cost him 50 true treasure points.

In Primal Chaos City, at True Yan Knight’s residence.

“Senior.”

“Senior”

“Senior is back.”

“Brothers.”

As Luo Feng walked within the mansion, he met with some fellow brothers who greeted him respectfully… but cautiously. They were cautious for two reasons. One, Luo Feng had not spent much time with them on a long-term basis. Two, as disciples of True Yan Knight, they were all well-informed. They knew that quite a fair number of several universe overlords had been annihilated by Luo Feng.

Luo Feng simply smiled and returned the greetings in a leisurely manner. When he walked out of sight, the group of brothers immediately began a heated discussion.

“Brother Luo Feng is simply too powerful! Even universe overlords were annihilated by him. Doesn’t that mean he is close to becoming a universe master?”

“Hmm. He has far surpassed our teacher! I believe the Hong Alliance palace master… will have a place for brother Luo Feng in future.”

Luo Feng could hear all the content of their discussions from afar, but he maintained his inner peace, staying still as undisturbed waters as he walked to where True Yan Knight resided.

“Teacher,” Luo Feng said. He stood outside the door and waited.

“Come in.”

The doors opened automatically. True Yan Knight was seated at the far end of the table, which was laid out with a fine spread of food and wine.

“Tsk tsk, Teacher,” said Luo Feng. “This is some fine-quality wine you have here. You must have spent quite a fortune.” Luo Feng reached the table in two steps and sat across from True Yan Knight. He reached for a flat vessel containing some wine and took a close look. “Is this the era-aged ‘Zhe Gui Wine’?”

“My disciple has gained such great fame among the 100 million races in the universe that there could be no one who has not heard of you,” said True Yan Knight. “Everyone sees you as a super being. If you were part of another race, you could lead the entire race with your power. You could go rampant roaming the universe.” True Yan Knight caressed his golden beard. With a mildly triumphant tone, he continued, “Even a few universe overlords have been annihilated by my disciple! How is that not worth celebrating? At such a time, would I be so stingy over wine?”

Luo Feng blinked and said, “Teacher, if you flatter me too much, I might fly off to cloud nine.”

“You are already capable of flying!” True Yan Knight joked.

This brought some warmth to Luo Feng. He felt as though he had gone back in time to the past. True Yan Knight was a very straightforward and candid character, and he would commonly jest with his disciples. He simply had no regard for social status.

“Aren’t you going to drink?” True Yan Knight filled his own glass.

“I am. Of course, I will,” Luo Feng replied immediately.

“Haha…! Come, let me fill your glass.”

“I will help myself.”

Luo Feng and True Yan Knight drank and chatted about the recent happenings in the outside world. While Luo Feng had been spending time on cultivation recently, the outside world had undergone many great changes.

“You definitely gave the races of the universe a good scare this time around.” True Yan Knight put down his wine glass and sighed. “The rate of your growth was so fast that even I, as your teacher, was pretty shocked, let alone the other races. There is all kinds of news circulating around in the universe, saying that at the rate you are progressing, you’ll likely attain Primal Chaos City Leader’s level in the future. Spies from other races are all over! We have caught and killed a large number of spies. Some have tried to infiltrate Primal Chaos City, or even reach my very doorstep.”

True Yan Knight looked towards Luo Feng and continued, “We have killed many of these spies, but the killing is never-ending. It seems like the other races are no longer concerned about the price they have to pay. They would rather sacrifice the many spies they have sent out as they get exposed… and still search frantically for news about you.”

“Oh?” Luo Feng nodded slightly.

“All those spies who waited in ambush,” said True Yan Knight. “The loss for one is actually quite a sizable amount. Yet now, races are willing to lose them one after the other. I speculate that other races are already aware that you are cultivating in your god country. They are in the midst of locating the whereabouts of your god country. Bug soldiers, the automaton clan, demons… All of them are finding ways to enter the human territory to kill you.”

True Yan Knight paused, then warned, “If it were not for them, there would be no rush at all. You have to be very careful.”

“Ha…!” Luo Feng laughed. “Teacher, let’s not talk about this. I am well-prepared for it. My purpose in coming here to see Teacher today is for some other matter.”

With a wave of Luo Feng’s hand, three true treasures instantly appeared and hung suspended in midair. They were an earth-yellow wooden boat, a crystal ball, and a piece of black armor.

The wooden boat was a flying-palace type true treasure. The crystal ball was a domain type true treasure named “Numerous Worlds.” And the piece of black armor was a senior true treasure armor! With these three true treasures, True Yan Knight’s survival ability would reach a new high. The only pity was that a soul type ordinary true treasure would require at least 36 true treasure points. Luo Feng could not afford that amount.

“You, this is…” True Yan Knight got to his feet and looked at the three true treasures, stupefied.

“Teacher, I am going to leave the human territory on an adventure,” Luo Feng said reverentially. “If everything happens as I anticipate it will, some major bloodshed will likely take place. You are my teacher, so I am afraid trouble may find its way to you. These three true treasures may be helpful to you, so it is my hope that you will accept them.”

Luo Feng was worried that True Yan Knight might not accept the treasures because they were too valuable! So he did not reveal the actual value of these three true treasures.

“You want to leave the human territory?” True Yan Knight was taken aback.

Luo Feng nodded. “Yes.”

He had to go claim Star Tower and obtain the fifth black metal board. Of course, he had to go.

“But you are aware that the automaton clan, bug soldiers, and demons alike… They are all looking to eliminating you,” said True Yan Knight. “Even if you are in the human territory, there are chances of assassination attempts. Yet you want to head out? Once you are out there, there are no human great beings who can give you timely protection. You will be exposed to danger.” True Yan Knight started to panic at the thought.

“Yes, I am aware of that,” said Luo Feng. “This time, when I head out, there is bound to be a bloodbath.” Luo Feng smiled. “But please rest assured, Teacher.” He bowed slightly. “I shall take my leave now.”

Turning around, Luo Feng took a step and vanished.

True Yan Knight looked to where Luo Feng had vanished. He kept silent for a long time. He understood… Luo Feng had reached an even higher level.

“Three true treasures. A universe overlord. Three true treasures are all that he got!”

True Yan Knight thought these were ordinary true treasures, so with an extended finger, he shot out threads of godly power, and speedily penetrated the three true treasures. That very moment, a surge of information was transmitted… Flying-palace type, domain type, senior true treasure armor… This information had True Yan Knight rooted on the spot for a long while.

“He did not tell me,” he whispered. “He left immediately because he was worried I might accept these if I knew. This disciple of mine…”


Chapter 1095: Star Tower Disappeared

Inside the Palace of Primal Chaos Ruins.

Luo Feng went to visit Primal Chaos City Leader after leaving the palace of True Yan Knight. He was not content with trading his disambiguation mirror stone for half the ownership of Earth! However, he knew that Primal Chaos City Leader was only one of the dozens of universe masters in the human race. Though he was powerful, he wasn’t at Huge Axe Creator’s level. Besides, Primal Chaos City Leader had been guiding him patiently, and Luo Feng admired the character of his teacher.

True Yan Knight and Primal Chaos City Leader had completely different personalities. True Yan Knight was frank and forthright, and he would do anything for those he cared about. When Luo Feng was chased by Bark Mirror Emperor, True Yan Knight went to fight him even though he wasn’t sure whether he was going to win or not.

As for Primal Chaos City Leader, he was responsible for the entire human race, and many important issues concerning the human race were determined by him. The rise and fall of the humans were all under his consideration. He had always been fair, and his principle was to “put the race first” when he was treating his disciples, which made Luo Feng respect him.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng gave a salutation.

Garnet armor with complex patterns and a scaled tail spread out from a set of battle gear. Under several fiery horns was a fierce face with engravings on it. It was another body of Primal Chaos City Leader. The eyes were broad like the sky and intimidating.

“Why are you here to see me?” asked Primal Chaos City Leader.

“I plan to leave the human territory, and I wanted to tell you before I left,” answered Luo Feng.

“Oh? It seems that you went to visit True Yan about this, too.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. He was the guard of the primal universe, which meant he knew everything going on in the primal universe. However, he hadn’t eavesdropped on the conversation between Luo Feng and True Yan Knight.

“Do you know how dangerous it is for you on the outside?” asked Primal Chaos City Leader.

“I do.” Luo Feng nodded. “The bug race, the demon race, and the automaton race all want me dead.”

“But you’re still going out?” Primal Chaos City Leader continued.

Luo Feng nodded.

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Then go. You’re not weak in any aspect, which means you should be the one who makes all your own decisions. But remember, you’re not only representing yourself. You’re still representing your family and your earthling bloodline. Just remember this.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded and bowed. “Then I’ll leave now.”

“Go,” Primal Chaos City Leader said, then added, “If you can’t handle the danger by yourself, crush the keepsake I left you.”

Luo Feng nodded, and with the space ripple, he disappeared.

Primal Chaos City Leader was left alone in Primal Chaos Ruins.

This disciple of mine manifests such power after hiding for almost 20,000 years, Primal Chaos City Leader thought. And now, he’s leaving the human territory. He must have some peculiar experiences, and they happened at some place in the universe.

Primal Chaos City Leader had figured this out a long time ago, but he wouldn’t try to influence Luo Feng. From his perspective, if Luo Feng had Remote Ocean body, then even he was killed outside, he could easily resurrect himself. The true treasures would be the only things lost.

Bug race, demon race, automaton race? thought Primal Chaos City Leader. They would be desperate if they knew Luo Feng has a Remote Ocean body. All they can get is the true treasures he carries.

Primal Chaos City Leader was confident. Although he was more proficient in close combat, he was also a master in souls, and in the primal universe—which was under his control—he could tell that Luo Feng’s mind and willpower were already at the universe master level!

Godly power determined minds. Minds affected willpower as well! After 180 million years of training and becoming a universe knight, Luo Feng’s mind and willpower had already reached the universe master level.

However, Primal Chaos City Leader was wrong about one thing. If those other races killed Luo Feng’s body, they would get exceptional true treasures: Force Armor, Shi Wu Wings, and Beast God Armor.

After leaving Primal Chaos City, Luo Feng first went back to his god country. Then he went to Star Tower by god country transportation!

In the center palace of the Star Tower, the light started to dim. Luo Feng walked out.

“Star Tower,” Luo Feng said as he looked around the palace where he received life or death inheritance. “My godly power should be enough to drive Star Tower.”

Hong!

The godly power on Luo Feng started to burn and spread along the ground. It went into the center of Star Tower like electricity, transferred to the pillars and seal stars. The burning godly power flowed like water in the river, channeled through the pillars and seal stars, however. Those engravings were too difficult; Luo Feng was only able to understand the easiest ones.

After only a short while, the burning godly power merged with every inch of Star Tower.

“Rise!” Luo Feng growled.

Weng!

Star Tower rose eight inches and fell eight inches slowly. Such a tiny ripple was imperceptible.

Luo Feng took back his godly power, and the Golden Horned Beast in the world ring started to transfer the godly power to his original earthling body.

“My original earthling body is also a universe knight with a life gene level of 9,800 times, and it’s strong enough to drive Star Tower. However, the godly power consumed is too much. If it weren’t for the Golden Horned Beast, that move would have consumed 30 percent of my godly body. My understanding of the engravings in Star Tower is too limited.”

He was able to drive it with his godly power if he wanted, but it consumed too much power. If he were able to fully comprehend the engravings, it would be much easier.

Luo Feng left the center palace and started to wander through Star Tower. He went to various locations via the internal transportation. He couldn’t even see the end of the heavenly pillars.

Luo Feng perused the engravings on the heavenly pillars and couldn’t help exclaiming, “Incredible! Even the simplest engravings are so amazing. The engravings in Star Tower are even more complex and complete than those of the miniature universe. No wonder it’s a supreme true treasure.”

He walked around and saw the heavenly pillars and seal stars. He even went to tour the spaces in Star Tower where lots of other races were adventuring and fighting. Luo Feng was able to see the mysteries formed by those spaces.

After 32 days of walking through Star Tower, Luo Feng went back to the center palace and sat down with his legs crossed. His consciousness was fully integrated with Star Tower, and all the engraving sculptures flooded his mind… He started to study them carefully. The deeper he understood those engravings, the more power he could wield.

Mysterious! Complicated! Space, time, gold, wood, water, fire, ground, wind, lightning, and light… All law threads were mixed together perfectly, and they were 10,000 times more complicated than the miniature universe engraving picture. After all, the miniature universe only had a diameter of six billion miles while Star Tower was nine light years tall! If the miniature universe was a small room, the Star Tower was a skyscraper comprised of countless small rooms.

Fortunately, I’m on the engraving-picture path, thought Luo Feng. Otherwise, it would take me forever to reach full comprehension if I only know of space law and gold law.

He sat with his legs crossed for three years before he opened his eyes.

“Finally,” he said, “I’ve finished understanding the first level of mysteries.

However, after understanding the first level, Luo Feng better grasped how incredible Star Tower truly was.

“I’m only able to fully comprehend the first level.” He looked up at the center palace. “It should be easier to drive now.”

Hong!

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, and his godly power started to burn. Endless godly power immediately infused Star Tower, and the easiest engravings at the periphery were completely driven. Luo Feng felt much more comfortable.

I need to drive those warriors out before taking it back, he thought.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Beings of different races were being driven out through the portals at the bottom, and millions of beings showed up outside Star Tower. They were all in shock.

“What happened?”

“I was adventuring there, but I was driven out.”

“Me too!”

“Why did Star Tower drive us out?”

All the other races were astounded. This had never happened in all the time since Star Tower showed up in the outer-domain battlefield.

All of them had been driven out today? It was bizarre!

“Look! The nine whirlpool nebulas disappeared!”

“They disappeared!”

All the undying fighters were shocked to their very core.

“Look! Star Tower is shrinking!”

“It’s shrinking!”

Star Tower, which was nine light years tall, was quickly contracting. After only a short while, it became half a mile tall, and then, it disappeared completely.

“Star Tower disappeared!”

“How is that possible?”

Everyone was terrified.

The news spread like wildfire. No one exaggerated anything this time, but the news that Star Tower had disappeared was thousands of times more shocking than Luo Feng killing a universe overlord! A supreme true treasure craved by billions of races in the universe… had just vanished!


Chapter 1096: Looking for Star Tower

The virtual universe, in the space belonging to Huge Axe Creator.

Amidst the darkness, flashes of starlight could be seen from afar where a plain-looking palace was suspended in the core of the dark space. There were long stone benches in front of the palace where figures were appearing out of nowhere, one after the other.

In just a short time, many had arrived, including Huge Axe Creator, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Deserted Mirror Master, who were all unable to conceal their shock expressions.

“I believe everyone has heard,” Huge Axe Creator said, scanning his surroundings. “Star Tower has disappeared!”

“Hmm.”

“We all just heard.”

“How could Star Tower disappear? It has been standing firmly in the void space for an eternity. Even universe supreme masters are unable to take it down by force, so how can it disappear so suddenly?”

This breaking news had all the higher-ups, even the most strong-hearted ones, in shock and disbelief.

“Look.” Huge Axe Creator pointed far into space.

Hua!

A scene played before them in the faraway, dark sky. Star Tower was throwing millions of undying soldiers out of it, followed closely by the dispersion of the nine whirlpool nebulas. Then Star Tower shrunk, teleported, and vanished from its spot.

“Undoubtedly,” Primal Chaos City Leader whispered, “there must be some great being controlling Star Tower. That is how the undying fighters of various races could be thrown out of every plane of Star Tower within such a short time! This great being caused the nine whirlpool nebulas to disperse and Star Tower to shrink and teleport away.”

“But who?”

“Who wields such power?” said a universe master wearing elegant, golden armor with purple engravings between his brows. “Back then, the automaton race, the bug soldiers, the demons, and us—we all fought for this supreme true treasure that suddenly appeared. We fought and killed like crazy, yet in the end, all four pinnacle races were unable to do anything to Star Tower. Even when Huge Axe Creator entered personally, he too was unable to take Star Tower.”

“Void Gold Master is right,” someone else spoke up. “Purely based on power, who could have done it?”

There was incessant chattering all over as the universe masters of the human race voiced their opinions.

Huge Axe Creator nodded and said, “We all have reached a consensus that purely based on power, it is indeed impossible to take Star Tower! After all, in the countless years that Star Tower has been out in the battlefield, not only have the four pinnacle races tried and failed; even other great powers of the universe like the Ancestral God School, the Space Beast Alliance, the Northern Territory Alliance, and some other weaker powers have all tried discreetly, but no one has succeeded.”

All the universe masters nodded.

“Including myself,” added Huge Axe Creator. “I’m afraid all of the universe supreme masters have already tried.” He shook his head. “All have failed! With power alone, it is indeed impossible. Taking Star Tower requires an opportunity with a touch of luck! My guess is, a certain great being has gotten lucky and managed to take Star Tower in a stroke of good fortune. Many true super beings in the universe have been trying since long, long ago but have not succeeded. This time, the one who has managed to take Star Tower must be a very powerful being.”

“A weakling?”

“An undying? Universe knight?” Universe masters instantly started shouting.

“Regardless of who he is, so long as he can control Star Tower… he is no weakling.” Huge Axe Creator scanned everyone. “Hiding within Star Tower? Even I cannot achieve that.”

The other universe masters nodded with envy in their eyes. Star Tower was a supreme true treasure, indeed! Even a pinnacle race like the humans did not have a supreme true treasure to reign dominance! Every supreme true treasure had unbelievably strong power… to the extent of having strange characteristics; universe supreme masters coveted them, but universe supreme masters were very rare. There were only a few of them. However, there were still a number who did not possess any supreme true treasures. Huge Axe Creator, for one, did not own any!

“We must get to the bottom of it!” Huge Axe Creator ordered, “Make use of the resources from my Hong Alliance and conduct a thorough search for information. We must get to the bottom of the matter… Whose hands have Star Tower fallen into? If he is a weakling, then he won’t be able to hide inside Star Tower forever. We can still find the chance to take Star Tower from away him or even find out how he managed to control it.”

“Yes, sir.”

“Yes!”

All the universe masters accepted his order.

Huge Axe Creator emphasized with solemnity, “We humans lack such a supreme true treasure. We must find a way to get it.”

In the universe that belonged to automaton race, a voice representing the noblest being of the automaton race sounded and was transmitted to every corner.

“My children, go look into it! Find out who has taken Star Tower! Even if he has the supreme true treasure, he will not be able to hide inside Star Tower forever. If he is a weakling, we definitely have a chance to take Star Tower away from him.”

“Yes, Father God.”

“Yes, Father God.”

All universe masters of automaton race received the order.

Hua!

In the vast, starry sky, a giant being whose body was entirely covered with black scales made a gradual appearance. The surroundings within a radius of a few light years instantly fell into a world of endless, dark flames, and within this area, all levels of stars seemed to disintegrate into nothing and vanish from sight. This towering presence was all that existed.

“How long since I have been back in the primal universe,” said the figure. “How familiar it feels. This is my homeland. If not for Star Tower, I cannot imagine how long it would have taken for me to make it back here from Universe Ocean. Back then, I was unable to take Star Tower away! Yet there was some fellow in the primal universe who actually succeeded… I must find Star Tower and find that fellow. I must find out how he controlled Star Tower. If not for the lack of a supreme true treasure, would I have been defeated by that old Beast God from the Space Beast Alliance…?”

The figure in black scales moved slowly.

Hua.

It vanished into thin air.

The top nine powers in the universe were all eager to take action, as a supreme true treasure was simply too tempting! Even the few great beings who were universe supreme masters that roamed about as loners had taken action, let alone the universe masters who had clans under their leadership. There were some clans with merely one universe master. Those were the ones who greatly desired to own the Star Tower.

“If I manage to get the Star Tower, then I won’t even have to fear universe supreme masters.”

“By that time, my Tamar Race will have hopes of being a pinnacle race.”

The shocking news of the human known as Luo Feng killing a universe overlord was nothing compared to the breaking news that the supreme true treasure, Star Tower, had disappeared! It was enough to shake the foundation of a pinnacle race.

Star Tower was the most precious existence within the entire universe! With hundreds of billions of people from various clans looking for it, those who had been concerned about Luo Feng dwindled in number. Even if there were any, they were most likely the most persistent ones among the demons, automaton race, and bug soldiers, so keen on eliminating Luo Feng that they would never let their guard down.

Ancestral God Secret Region, Redbud Island.

The commotion that arose from the disappearance of Star Tower caused quite a stir, thought Luo Feng. The excitement has boiled over.

Luo Feng appeared at Redbud Island in the residence that belonged to him. This was the third day since he had taken Star Tower, and since then, he had been following everything that happened on the outside through the virtual universe.

All was turmoil! The Hong Alliance’s universe masters and all those undying beings who had made their way to the battlefields were engaged in heated discussion. And that was only within the Hong Alliance. There were also other powers in the universe… but through the information being disseminated within the Hong Alliance, it could be seen that everyone had gone mad over this news.

No wonder Sitting Mountain Guest Teacher strictly commanded me not to divulge the news about Star Tower, Luo Feng thought. He was appalled. If I had been exposed, and the outside world found out I could control Star Tower… Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest alone would certainly not be able to protect me. Luckily, I can protect myself now, so I can make a foothold independently in this turbulent universe.

He took a step forward, opened the doors of his mansion, and flew off in the direction of the palace in front of the public square, where the island master of Redbud Island resided.

“Look, it’s Luo Feng.”

“It’s the human, Luo Feng.”

“He is back on Redbud Island. It has been 200,000 years since he last appeared!”

“Luo Feng has power that matches that of a top-tier universe overlord, so rarely coming to Redbud Island is nothing strange at all.”

There were many cultivators from various races on Redbud Island, and this discussion started when a team of candidates spotted him while they were flying.

Luo Feng, on the other hand, was flying toward the public square. Passing through the water curtain of a fountain, he arrived at the “land of inheritance.” There were clearly a great many opportunities for inheritance.

A while later, Luo Feng made his exit and flew directly back to his mansion. There, Luo Feng stayed in isolation for five days before he once again made his way to the land of inheritance to accept his share.

Retreat! Inherit! Retreat! Inherit! Almost every other day, Luo Feng would enter once to accept his inheritance. This quickly aroused the attention of many cultivators on Redbud Island. There were many such discussions about this.

“After all those battles that Luo Feng welcomed with untamed abandon, he has since earned a humongous amount of opportunities for inheritance. But even if he has that many opportunities, is there a need to be so wasteful?”

“Without feeling what it’s like to undergo cultivation, accepting all those inheritances would be totally pointless.”

“What a waste.”

However, Luo Feng simply paid no heed to all the things others were saying, shaking his head to himself.

I am highly accomplished in the studies of pictures of secret engravings and can comprehend by analogy. Every time I make my way in to accept my inheritance, I can quickly comprehend a large quantity of content pertaining to the beast god path. How fast is my speed of cultivation?

Without the ability to comprehend, a beast god inheritance would mean nothing. Yet Luo Feng was able to feel and comprehend a large amount of information because he was highly accomplished in the studies of pictures of secret engravings, so every time he went for another round of inheritance, he would be able to make additional progress.

After all, in terms of level, Luo Feng had already created a technique that matched the level of an ultimate technique of a universe master. With the “heart of Beast God,” he had attained an extremely high level of comprehension, so naturally, accepting the beast god path was a piece of cake.

Once every five days, he would accept one Beast God inheritance; when he was only at his third round of inheritances, Luo Feng could already grasp full comprehension of the fourth stage of the beast god path. It was like a university student studying doing elementary school homework.

There was also “Inheriting,” a rapid method to boost the speed of comprehension. However, he was much slower in progressing at the fifth stage of the beast god path.

Bug soldiers, demons, and members of the automaton race were all racking their brains in search of a solution.

“Hurry! Report to the race! Luo Feng is here on Redbud Island!”

“That annoying Luo Feng… The guts he has to come here to Redbud Island.”

“If you want to kill Luo Feng, you would have to get a universe master involved. However, the moment any of our universe masters showed up at Redbud Island… they will be annihilated right away by the Five-Color Aurora Lake. As for us, we do not even own the qualifications or the rights to enter the island.”

“If we are disguised within the human territory, we could still have a shot! But given the Ancestral God School’s power, which is much stronger than that of humans, if Luo Feng decides to hide on Redbud Island, there is really nothing we can do.”

Luo Feng remained on Redbud Island, cultivating at his leisure.

“My golden horned beast body has gone through two months of traveling among the stars. It has finally arrived at the destination of the fifth black metal board.”

Luo Feng revealed a trace of a smile.


Chapter 1097: Ancient Chin Secret Region

Two months before, just after taking Star Tower, Luo Feng had separated his bodies. The original earthling body went to Redbud Island with his Mosha body to attract the attention of other races. He practiced in public, and he even flew to the land of inheritance instead of teleporting himself there every time he went because he wanted the other races to know where he was.

As for Golden Horned Beast body, he arrived at a faraway territory in the universe through god country transportation and then flew to his destination, the Ancient Chin Secret Region, by spaceship

“I’m a high-achiever on the engraving-picture path. If it weren’t for the bet with Ancestor, I would’ve reached an extremely high level on laws. Perhaps I would’ve finished the sixth level of beast god path by now. But concentrating on the engraving-picture path did help me a lot.”

Still, the beast god inheritance from the Ancestral God School is also beneficial, thought Luo Feng. Without beast god inheritance, I’ll need ten years to complete the fourth level, and it might take me 100,000 years to finish the fifth level. And this is with the help of advances on the engraving-picture path. Those beast god inheritances give me maximum efficiency. As long as I want, I can receive those inheritances as much as I can. It seems that I need to stay on Redbud Island for a while longer.

Luo Feng flew out of his palace and flew toward the Island Leader’s palace. Many onlookers took notice.

“Luo Feng’s here.”

“He goes to receive beast god inheritance once every several days.”

Some other races kept careful records of Luo Feng’s activities, as they had been ordered to gather as much information about him as possible. It was important to gather such information if they wanted to kill that supreme being Luo Feng.

Go ahead and take records, thought Luo Feng. Take records of all my moves. You’ve miscalculated my power, and you’ll miss everything. I’ll show you what “going for wool and coming home shorn” means.

Luo Feng flew into the spring and went to the land of inheritance.

The Ancient Chin Secret Region was a region that had a diameter of 1.2 million light years. Though it was much smaller than Ancestral God Secret Region, it was still extremely dangerous.

A seeming ordinary garnet spaceship flew through space. Inside the control room, a lovely Golden Horned Beast at on the couch and gazed outside.

“Based on the information from Master Mountain Sitting Guest, the fifth black metal is in this region! The Ancient Chin Secret Region…”

Information about the Ancient Chin Secret Region from the virtual universe immediately flooded Golden Horned Beast’s mind. This ancient region had been born when the universe first came into being. There had been several wars fought here for the valuables.

Gradually, the number of valuables in the secret region had lessened, and because it was extremely dangerous, supreme beings stopped coming. However, some undying fighters and universe knights would occasionally come here and try their luck. It was extremely dangerous, and most of the valuables had been taken! That made the region highly unattractive. Even many special life forms left, and it became desolate.

“A desolate secret region. Dangerous and containing almost no valuables. The fifth black metal is here? Master Mountain Sitting Guest really knows how to find places to hide things. I sensed it!”

The Golden Horned Beast’s eyes gleamed, and all every cell in his godly body was thrilled. He could sense the powerful summoning.

Shua!

Golden Horned Beast teleported himself outside and put the spaceship back in his world ring.

“That direction!”

Golden Horned Luo Feng teleported himself toward the source.

It was hazardous, but Golden Horned Beast, who was much more powerful than top-tier universe overlords, easily passed across all of them.

The fifth black metal… thought Golden Horned Luo Feng as he gazed into the distance.

Endless black mist permeated the space. Everything was dark. However, Luo Feng was certain that the fifth black metal was there! Though his Golden Horned Beast body didn’t need it anymore, the original earthling body did need it. One the earthling body reached the perfect life gene level, he could also have a godly body 55,000 miles tall. Then he would be able to perform “I Am the Universe” as well.

“Be careful,” he told himself. “Nine Tiger River.”

Hong!

Golden water started to churn in the space, covering an area with a radius of 19 million miles. Nine strange beasts were frolicking in the golden waves, surrounding a black Golden Horned Beast.

“Move forward.”

Golden Horned Luo Feng flew slowly in the dark while Nine Tiger River checked for dangers. After a short while, he had flown a hundred million miles.

Hua! La!

A giant being flew past him, glaring at the black Golden Horned Beast in the golden waves.

Golden Horned Beast kept flying into the deep. He had performed space seal and kept Nine Tiger River running. He felt like he was being watched by a great being.

I know Teacher wouldn’t let me have the fifth black metal so easily, he thought.

Golden Horned Luo Feng was careful. Suddenly…

Hong!

A gigantic being showed up in the dark and dashed toward his Nine Tiger River domain.

Hong! Long!

Nine Tiger River tried to stop him, but the efforts were rendered useless. The giant being slashed through the waves and raced at Luo Feng.

“Huh?”

Golden Horned Beast saw a black-crystal giant a million miles tall. He was waving all six of his thick arms and held a red hammer in each of his hands.

“Black Sky Horde Leader?”

The Golden Horned Beast was startled. There lived some extremely powerful special life forms in the Ancient Chin Secret Region, and Black Sky Horde Leader was a top-tier universe overlord who could rival the most powerful World Tree. He was a unique mountain giant! And he had a life gene level of 8,000 times. All six hammers he wielded were senior true treasures, and he was invincible with his inherited techniques.

I’m in trouble, Golden Horned Beast thought as he stared at the mountain giant. I can defeat him, but that giant body… It’s too difficult to kill him!

“Get out! Get out!” Black Sky Horde Leader roared.

“Black Sky Horde Leader, I don’t mean to offend you, but don’t try to stop me,” said the Golden Horned Beast as he grew to a million miles long. With his black scales on, and he gazed at Black Sky Horde Leader in the distance.

“Golden Horned Beast, you can’t come here,” Black Sky Horde Leader said.

In no time, Black Sky Horde Leader had cut through all the obstacles in the Nine Tiger River with a radius of 19 million miles.

“Get away!” the Golden Horned Beast roared and became a beam of golden light.

Sharp and cold, his giant, scaled wings slashed at Black Sky Horde Leader. Black Sky Horde Leader was also a renowned being in the universe. He rarely showed himself, as he had been living in the Ancient Chin Secret Region, but he was as powerful as Heavenly Erosion Palace Leader and the most powerful World Tree.

“Damn it!” Black Sky Horde Leader roared. Golden engravings showed up on his black crystals. Countless engravings covered his entire godly body, and the space around him was torn.

The Golden Horned Beast felt a black hole being formed!

Six hammers smashed at the Golden Horned Beast, and six black space whirlpools were formed under the special techniques mixed with his inherited techniques. All went dark. Light was totally swallowed under the move by Black Sky Horde Leader, and Luo Feng, in the domain of Nine Tiger River, sensed six whirlpools racing toward him.

Peng!

Under the wing, all six space whirlpools crumbled, and the wing hit the chest of Black Sky Horde Leader.

Hua!

Black Sky Horde Leader bounced away and rolled through Nine Tiger River. Everything around them was annihilated before it started to recover slowly.

“Amazing, Golden Horned Beast,” said Black Sky Horde Leader. “I’m not your match.”

Black Sky Horde Leader roared and flew outside. Golden Horned Beast didn’t stop him. Because of the Beast God Armor, Luo Feng was able to use every part of his body to fight, and the most powerful part was the horn. However, he knew that it was almost impossible to kill Black Sky Horde Leader, who had the same quality of godly body as he did. All he needed to do was to intimidate him. Black Sky Horde Leader turned his head and transmitted the voice the second he exited the domain of Nine Tiger River. “Golden Horned Beast, you’re not supposed to be here. I admire your power since you’re stronger than me. But leave if you want to survive. Otherwise, my master will kill you.”

Black Sky Horde Leader flew off into the dark.

Black Sky Horde Leader’s words shocked Luo Feng.

“His master?” muttered Luo Feng. “Black Sky Horde Master is a top-tier universe overlord, and he’s difficult to kill even by universe masters… but he has a master? Just where have you hidden the fifth black metal, Teacher?”

Luo Feng understood that this was not an easy task.

“Just wait and see. I’ll see who the master of this Black Sky Horde Leader is. I’m not afraid even of universe supreme masters!”

Luo Feng kept moving forward, stepping on the golden waves. The Golden Horned Beast was at the center of Nine Tiger River, and he kept going, moving deeper into the secret region.


Chapter 1098: Blood Cloud Palace

Surrounded by the rolling Nine Tiger River, Golden Horned Beast advanced and penetrated his way through carefully.

In the faraway darkness…

“That golden horned beast is making its way to Master’s palace! We have to stop him. We cannot let him bother Master!”

“Silver Dragon, not even I am able to stop him. It’s the same for you.”

“I may not be able to stop him, but Black Sky… you are definitely able. Our powers may be comparable, but your godly body is much bigger than mine! With such a massive godly body, you may be able to pester him persistently and hold him back for a long time! But you are retreating after your first defeat. Don’t you know that Master’s stateliness should never be compromised? Yet you condoned the Golden Horned Beast’s act of intruding into Master’s palace!”

“No, Silver Dragon. His power is much stronger than you think. If he had really wanted to shake me off his tracks, there would have been no way I could stop him.”

“What? You can’t stop him? Could he possibly be a universe master?”

“Even if he isn’t, his powers are comparable,” Black Sky Horde Leader said. “We shall take things a step at a time. Let him meet with Master for now! Since he does not want to heed my advice, if he gets annihilated, we are not to blame… If he meets our Master and causes a disturbance, his only end will be to face annihilation!”

“That’s right,” another cold voice said. “That Golden Horned Beast is going to regret this.”

“Let’s go.”

Black Sky Horde Leader, together with the other small figure on his body, disappeared quickly into the darkness.

Golden waves surged forward rapidly and swept through the void space, clearing all obstacles in its way.

Golden Horned Beast cast his gaze into the distance. Black Sky Horde Leader’s words made him cautious. After all, this was the place Sitting Mountain Guest Teacher had arranged. Earlier, the third black metal board had been found to be with the Green Knight and Purple Knight; those were definitely universe overlords! As for the fourth black metal board, he’d had to meet with Craftsman Master. Now, for the fifth piece—the final black metal board—this would probably be an extraordinary experience, too.

“If he can enslave Black Sky Horde Leader, this ‘Master’ must be at least a universe master,” Luo Feng speculated.

Following the intense beckoning of the black metal board, Golden Horned Beast advanced progressively.

Half an hour later, there were no longer any obstructions in the way. Obviously, all the other special life forms were apprehensive after witnessing the loss Black Sky Horde Leader had suffered. They gave up trying to stop this Golden Horned Beast.

“That annoying Golden Horned Beast. How dare he bother Master!”

“He is indeed very powerful; Sir Black Sky was defeated by him.”

“We shall see. When he meets with Master, he is going to regret it. But by then, it will be too late for regrets.”

Golden Horned Beast could faintly feel the other special life forms secretly watching him from afar, but they were not bothering him, so he did not feel like paying them any attention. Half an hour after he started out, amidst the dark mist ahead, the corner of the large palace started to show up indistinctly.

This towering palace was fully cloaked with a coat of blood red, and the single corner that was revealed was simply unbelievable.

“A palace?”

Golden Horned Beast manipulated Nine Tiger River to advance at a rapid speed, and soon, he arrived at the main doors of the palace. The doors seemed ordinary, but they exuded an overwhelming amount of power. Above the doors, there were three extremely complicated sets of secret engravings. Though they were indecipherable, the meanings of the three words were directly transmitted into his mind: Blood Cloud Palace!

“Blood Cloud Palace…?” Riding the rolling, golden waves in front of the palace, Golden Horned Beast’s face registered a shocked expression. “The legendary Blood Cloud Palace? The… the fifth black metal board is here in Blood Cloud Palace.”

Golden Horned Luo Feng was thunderstruck. At the same time, on the faraway Redbud Island, the moment his original earthling body got this news, it connected with the virtual universe without delay and started a deliberate investigation.

Luo Feng was no stranger to Blood Cloud Palace. It was very prominent among the billions of super great beings of various races in the universe. Yet wherever Blood Cloud Palace traversed became a sea of bloody massacres!

Blood Cloud Master was a strangely wicked character. Whenever he found a certain great being to be an eyesore, he would kill without a second thought, and the killing extended to the home of the great being. At times, he would even attack the core of a race’s territory… When he had a target in mind, he killed without mercy!

However, as far as his background, identity, what race was he from, and his true power… all of these were unknown!

All that was known about him was that his Blood Cloud Palace was a flying-palace type true treasure. Back when it had run rampant in the universe, it killed countless and made enemies with almost 99 percent of all the powers in the universe! There were many universe masters who wanted him dead, but although Blood Cloud Palace Master was a loner, he was powerful to the extent of annihilating two universe masters single-handedly! The number of universe overlords who had fallen at his hands was even more alarming. Moreover, the moment he sensed that the situation might not be favorable to him, he would flee the scene in his Blood Cloud Palace at top speed.

Over the course of many long years, there had been no great being who could contain this Blood Cloud Palace Master! And if there was some power who went head-on with Blood Cloud Palace Master, he would react like a raving lunatic and conjure up all sorts of retaliation methods to deal with his opponent.

An evil lunatic, powerful and mysterious! This was Blood Cloud Palace Master!

No one knew where his home was, what the true threshold of his power was, whether he was a special life-form, or if he belonged to a certain race. Everything about him was a mystery. Because he was always dressed in a blood-red battle robe and wore a blood-red mask, his true appearance was also a mystery. During his craziest moments, he once made the entire universe hate him while he continued living at ease and comfort and even annihilated two universe masters.

Battles between universe masters were always close; the victor was always difficult to predict. Yet he had killed two! This was strong evidence of how overpowering he was.

Rumors had it that Blood Cloud Palace Master was of human origins! Because no matter how perverse Blood Cloud Palace Master was— killing and annihilating countless lives, including great beings from the Ancestral God School, the Northern Territory Alliance, the crystal clan, the prison clan, the bug clan, the demon clan, the automaton race, and the Space Beast Alliance—the human race was always free from harm…

As for the Nine Territories Alliance and others, which were one notch lower in strength, they would undoubtedly suffer a great deal.

If a universe overlord of a certain race was killed by Blood Could Palace Master, it was best to let the matter go. If the race decided to continue fighting on, they would suffer greater losses. After all, even the various top powers in the Ancestral God School were unsuccessful in dealing with this Blood Cloud Palace Master.

“Blood Cloud Palace,” Golden Horned Beast said. It raised its head to look at the three engraved words on the top of the palace doors.

Back when Blood Cloud Palace Master ran rampant in the universe, so full of arrogance as if nobody could beat him, he was definitely a mysteriously overpowering presence. However, since that glorious period, rumors of him have dwindled. He eventually started to disappear from the scene. Thereafter, he only emerged twice. The last time he made an appearance was about three million eras ago. He has disappeared for much too long.

There has been no news at all, and various powers of the universe have speculated that Blood Cloud Palace Master must be one of the universe masters in disguise, assuming another identity. But there is no longer any need for this disguise now. So he has yet to make another appearance.

Luo Feng finished looking into the relevant detailed information that he found within the virtual universe. He only had one thought in mind. This was a lunatic! A powerful lunatic! He was a loner free of all constraints and attachments. Even top powers who fought him suffered in the end. Whoever came forth to provoke him… would simply have to fight!

Who would have known that the Blood Cloud Palace was hiding here? And with Black Sky Horde Leader guarding it!

Luo Feng was dumbfounded.

No wonder not a single great being could find it. After all, the universe masters do not really care much about visiting ancient secret regions, and the ordinary universe knights wouldn’t even be able to make it to the doors with Black Sky Horde Leader standing guard. Various races of the universe only know that this is Black Sky Horde Leader’s territory. What they didn’t know… is that this is actually the home of Blood Cloud Palace Master.

“What should I do? Should I go in or not?”

Blood Cloud Palace Master’s fame was overwhelming, his strength was overpowering, and he had killed two universe masters single-handedly. Based on calculated estimations, his power had to be a close match to Primal Chaos City Leader! No wonder Black Sky horde leader had been so confident earlier on. Moreover, Blood Cloud Palace was a flying-palace type true treasure. However, based on what he could sense, that black metal board was within this palace type true treasure.

“How about I enter this true treasure?” Golden Horned Beast hesitated for a while but was quick to come to a decision. “A flying-palace type true treasure’s main purpose is to protect its owner! I have never heard of this Blood Cloud Palace being able to trap a great being.”

Sou!

The palace doors were open. No more hesitation. Golden Horned Beast shrank the size of Nine Tiger River right away while flying straight for the palace doors.

Flying through the doors, he reached a gigantic and spacious public square from which he had a clear of three faraway palaces. The main palace was in the middle, while the other two were side palaces. Indistinctly, he could see that there seemed to be other palaces behind the main palace.

“It must be in the main palace.”

Golden Horned Beast could clearly sense the intense beckoning from where he was, so at top speed, he flew in the direction of the main palace.

The main palace exuded a murderous and overbearing aura that seemed to know no limit. As Golden Horned Beast entered, a blood-red throne in the main palace was the first sight that greeted him. But there was no one on the throne.

“Where is Blood Cloud Palace Master? Could it be that he is not here?”

He is the master of Blood Cloud Palace. The moment I entered, he should have been able to sense my presence. Why is he not showing himself?

Such thoughts were running through Golden Horned Beast’s mind, but he did not show signs of hesitation. He had to act. Following the beckoning, he speedily arrived at the rear chamber of the main palace! The palace was divided into the main palace, several other side palaces, and many rear chambers. Golden Horned Beast moved at an alarming speed along the corridors.

“Here it is.”

He rammed his way through the doors and entered and found his way into a secret room.

Upon entering, the sight that greeted Golden Horned Beast was mildly startling. In this room, there was a large quantity of valuables that exuded various kinds of powerful auras. Judging by their auras, there must have been a large amount of precious materials among them… There was a startling number of treasures in the room. Even at one quick glance, he could see at least several tens of thousands of treasures, of which there must be as many as 100 true treasures. Based on Luo Feng’s assessment, these should only be ordinary true treasures!

“Is this a treasure vault?” Luo Feng wondered. “But the doors were pushed open so easily. No… This is Blood Cloud Palace, how can its master be so confident? Just laying everything out in the open? My guess is, to Blood Cloud Palace Master, these may not be precious after all.”

Hundreds of true treasures, tens of thousands of treasures, vast amounts of materials… All of them gave this treasure vault a boundless breath of life. Yet Golden Horned Beast only had eyes for that one item placed directly in the middle of the materials—a piece of black metal board that seemed to be incomplete.

“The fifth piece!”

However, Golden Horned Beast felt strange. Could it really be this easy?

Sou!

A thread of godly power shot out from the sharp pointed tip of Golden Horned Beast’s horns and intruded on the metal board. Very quickly, the last section of information from the Nine Volume Manual surged into Luo Feng’s consciousness in a frenzied, unrestrained manner.


Chapter 1099: Palace Leader Shows Himself

Luo Feng had already gotten four black metals, and after getting the information of the fifth one, the Nine Volume Manual became complete. Only after he successfully got the complete Nine Volume Manual did he realize how extraordinary the manual was.

“Incredible.” The Golden Horned Beast closed his eyes.

The words on Nine Volume Manual kept floating in his mind, and the combination of the words themselves formed a giant engraving picture! Each letter was a part of the engraving picture, and combining them made an engraving picture more complex than that of the miniature universe!

“How incredible! The letters in the manual constitute an engraving picture? I’ve never heard of such a thing.”

Luo Feng was amazed. He understood that it was because the Nine Volume Manual had reached an extremely high level! The closer it was to the universe origin, the more mysterious it would be.

Like beast gods, their shapes were the manifestations of laws. The Nine Volume Manual was even rejected by universe operation law, and it couldn’t be taught. Fortunately, Sitting Mountain Guest used Heavenly Soul Crystal to pass it, but he was only able to pass it on to one life. Others, like supreme inherited techniques, were bestowed by the universe directly! But Nine Volume Manual was rejected by the universe, which meant the manual was more powerful than supreme inherited techniques! And it couldn’t be created by universe masters.

Golden Horned Beast was dazed in front of the black metal. He was thrilled at the sight of the complete manual, but he recovered shortly.

“I can’t stay here for long. I need to leave now.”

Golden Horned Beast put the black metal into his world ring using his godly power and glanced across the valuables beside it.

Hong!

A powerful force arrived and permeated the entire Blood Cloud Palace. The time and space in Blood Cloud Palace were completely controlled. Space ripples were paused.

“No!” Golden Horned Beast was startled. “It’s a universe master!”

The Golden Horned Beast turned his head around and saw a ferocious being walking in. He wore a fiery cape and had two golden horns on his head. He also wore a mask, and his tail showed at the back of his armor. He stopped and stared at Golden Horned Beast.

“Blood Cloud Palace Leader,” Golden Horned Beast said, turning around.

A universe master… thought Luo Feng. So what?

“Golden Horned Beast!” Blood Cloud Palace Leader gazed at him, then walked toward him. “You’re right. I am Blood Cloud Palace Leader. However…”

His godly body started to change. The fiery cape became ordinary cyan armor. His aura changed. Fierceness became tranquility. The golden horns transformed into crystal, and the mask disappeared, revealing a familiar face.

“T—Teacher?” Golden Horned Beast blurted, baffled by the sight. Blood Cloud Palace Leader had turned into the shape of Master Sitting Mountain Guest! The aura was exactly the same as Sitting Mountain Guest, and aside from his aura, the power he emitted was stronger than that of Primal Chaos City Leader; that couldn’t be replicated.

“Luo Feng.” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled and said, “Did you expect this to happen?”

Golden Horned Beast blinked and recalled his conversation with Sitting Mountain Guest in the Beast God Sector. Luo Feng had asked whether it would take a trial for him to get the fifth black metal, and Sitting Mountain Guest had given him an ambiguous answer.

Luo Feng had been curious and kept asking, but Sitting Mountain Guest refused to answer him.

Outside the main palace of Blood Cloud Palace.

Sitting Mountain Guest looked at the endless black airflow in the space in the distance. Golden Horned Beast adjusted to the size of Sitting Mountain Guest and stood before him like a lion.

“Teacher, I didn’t expect Blood Cloud Palace Leader to be you,” said Golden Horned Beast body. “No wonder no one can deal with the Blood Cloud Palace.”

“Blood Cloud Palace is only a body I made.” Sitting Mountain Guest looked out into space and sighed. “Although it’s only a body, it’s as powerful as Primal Chaos City Leader. It’s enough to roam the universe.”

“Why were you posing as Blood Cloud Palace Leader?” Golden Horned Beast’s eyes glinted with confusion. Sitting Mountain Guest didn’t need any disguise, given his power.

“Because of you!” said Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Me?” The Golden Horned Beast was dazed.

Sitting Mountain Guest nodded. “Yes. To be exact, this is an identity I prepared specially for my third disciple. Whoever meets my requirement will inherit this position.”

“Blood Cloud Palace Leader…? Inherit it?” Golden Horned Beast was stupefied.

Damn! thought Luo Feng. Teacher is bringing me trouble! Blood Cloud Palace Leader is a maniac who has enemies all over creation! All the powers want nothing but his demise! And Teacher seems to want to have me inherit that position.

“Just as I cultivated your second brother,” Sitting Mountain Guest exclaimed, “I created another identity, Northern Prison Master! When your second brother is powerful enough, I’ll have him inherit that position.”

“What?” Golden Horned Beast was even more shocked.

Blood Cloud Palace Leader and Northern Prison Master! Both of them were bodies made by Sitting Mountain Guest?

Northern Prison Master was an evil supreme being who was as infamous as Blood Cloud Palace Leader. He had a flying-palace type true treasure, “Northern Prison,” that had the powers of sealing and suppression. When he fought his enemies, he liked trapping them inside the prison, and if they didn’t have the clone technique, they would have to resort to self-destruction! He was even more ancient than Blood Cloud Palace Leader—an evil being well-known at the beginning of the universe, but he disappeared afterward.

“I meant to have your second brother inherit the position of Northern Prison Master.” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “However, he still fails to satisfy me after an eternity, which is why I made Northern Prison Master vanish. Your second brother is not qualified to be him.”

Luo Feng was startled. Made him vanish?

“I don’t have much hope for your second brother, which is why I devoted all my time and energies to you.” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled and looked at Luo Feng.

“If second brother disappointed you, I might disappoint you someday,” Golden Horned Beast said and lowered his head.

Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. “You already proved that you’re better than your second brother when you successfully drove Star Tower. Star Tower is extremely powerful. Universe knights, universe masters, and even universe supreme masters don’t have a chance of using it. The weaker ones don’t have a strong enough willpower. It’s impressive of you to survive life or death inheritance as a sector lord. That said, although you are better than your second brother, you still haven’t met my goal.”

“Goal?” Golden Horned Beast looked at his teacher.

“Universe supreme master!” Sitting Mountain Guest said. This was the first time that he expressed his true will in front of Luo Feng. “When you become a universe supreme master, I’ll succeed. If your second brother becomes a universe supreme master, I’ll succeed as well. However, I don’t think it’s possible that he can become a universe supreme master, as he’s walked in a wrong path.”

Luo Feng was shocked. Both his oldest brother and second brother were universe masters, yet Sitting Mountain Guest was still disappointed and cultivated the third disciple. It turned out that Sitting Mountain Guest would like his disciple to become a universe supreme master! What a crazy idea!

There were only few universe supreme masters in the universe. A race would be a pinnacle race if it had just one universe supreme master! And a power would be a superpower if it had one! Even those universe supreme masters that roamed the universe alone were the greatest and eternal beings! It was already incredible that Sitting Mountain Guest could reach the level himself, but he wanted to make his disciple a universe supreme master! Crazy!

However, Luo Feng couldn’t help admiring his teacher. Sitting Mountain Guest did a wonderful job. He had cultivated the bloodline of the Flame God Race and earthlings, and he even made incredible true treasures like Force Armor and Original Soul, which were easy for him to create. He even created a supreme true treasure: Star Tower!

“It is extremely difficult to become a universe supreme master,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “You’ll never become a universe supreme master if you keep practicing all by yourself! Each universe supreme master became one because of their experience and luck, but all of them became universe supreme masters through blood and fire! You can’t train yourself by excessive killings because of the bond you have with your race. Which is why I give you the identity of Blood Cloud Palace Leader! No one will know who you are, and your enemies are all around the universe… Once you show yourself up in the universe, all your enemies will race toward you.”

Sitting Mountain Guest gazed at Luo Feng. “You’ll grow with all the training you have from your enemies. This is the best way I know to cultivate a universe supreme master.”

“They’ll recognize me!” Golden Horne Beast blinked his eyes and was dazed.

“They won’t!” Sitting Mountain Guest waved his hands, and a bloody pearl showed up. “This is a special true treasure called ‘Blood Cloud Pearl.’ It can change your aura and even camouflage your armor. No one will be able to recognize you, and the flying-palace type true treasure Blood Cloud Palace will be yours too. Of course, if you disappoint me, I’ll take back Blood Cloud Palace and Blood Cloud Pearl as I did to your second brother.”

Sitting Mountain Guest gazed at Golden Horned Beast. “My disciple! It’ll be a new journey for you when you become Blood Cloud Palace Leader! Do you dare to accept it?”


Chapter 1100: Promise

The golden eyes of Golden Horned Beast glinted fiercely, “I do!”

Killing? A path of great beings? A new journey? It all sounded interesting!

“You crave for killing innately.” Sitting Mountain Guest gazed at Golden Horned Beast and nodded contently. “You’re a fit for Blood Cloud Palace Leader.” He threw out the Blood Cloud Pearl. “Seal your life imprint in it and control the pearl.”

Golden Horned Beast immediately penetrated Blood Cloud Pearl in the sky with a trace of his godly power, and the pearl recognized Luo Feng as its master instantly. Blood Cloud Pearl, a true treasure specially coined by Sitting Mountain Guest, had no information contained on it, and its function was peculiar.

Actually, many true treasures coined by Sitting Mountain Guest had peculiar attributes, like Original Soul and Force Armor. They all had strict conditions for users, and those who failed to meet the conditions were not able to use them, which showed the ability of Sitting Mountain Guest to coin true treasures.

Hu!

Golden Horned Beast opened his mouth, and the Blood Cloud Pearl flew inside.

Suddenly, the godly body of Golden Horned Beast started to change. His hind legs became longer and stronger while his chest and belly had more strength. The previously crouched creature became a standing one! There was a silver mask on his face, and there were two golden horns on his forehead. The scaled wings on his back immediately disappeared, and even the color of the Beast God Armor started to change slowly. It became a fiery cape, and a scaled tail extended out.

Endless killing power emanated from its body! Wicked! Mad! He became the shape of Blood Cloud Palace Leader.

“Hahaha! This Blood Cloud Pearl of mine. Isn’t it fantastic?” Mountain Sitting Guest stood aside and looked at the transformed body as if it were an exquisite piece of artwork.

“Incredible!” Luo Feng couldn’t help exclaiming. “Both my power and my aura are given out by Blood Cloud Pearl! It’s even able to change the structure of my godly body, but my power isn’t affected at all after turning from a Golden Horned Beast! It’s also able to camouflage my Beast God Armor. It’s magical.”

“I needed to kill a universe master to create the Blood Cloud Pearl,” Sitting Mountain Guest continued. “And I had to kill him by soul to preserve his godly body! Then, I used a large amount of material on his godly body to transform it into a Blood Cloud Pearl so that it could give out special power and aura! It’s even able to change your godly body into the structure I designed and camouflage a true treasure…”

Luo Feng was dazed.

Blood Cloud Pearl was a peculiar true treasure. It didn’t have any combat power, but it was desired by many supreme beings. However, Luo Feng didn’t expect it to require a universe master to be killed by soul before it could be created. Perhaps only universe supreme masters were able to do that.

“Remember!” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “Be careful when you use Star Tower. If you use Star Tower for attacks, it might not be identified by other great beings, but if you use it to flee, it’ll definitely be exposed.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded.

Star Tower shrank to the size of a palm, taking the shape of a cone. It could be used as a horn. However, Luo Feng would need to enlarge Star Tower if he used it to run, and then it would be exposed.

“You’ll definitely expose yourself if you use it to save your life.” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. “Whether you use Star Tower as Blood Cloud Palace Leader or Luo Feng depends on you.”

Luo Feng nodded. If Luo Feng used Star Tower exposed and Blood Cloud Palace Leader used Star Tower exposed, he would basically be telling the universe that Luo Feng was Blood Cloud Palace Leader!

“There’s another valuable for you to save yourself, Blood Cloud Palace. I just took back my life imprint.” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. “And from now on, it belongs to you.”

“Blood Cloud Palace?”

Luo Feng turned around and looked at the towering palace. He immediately infused his godly power to the ground and sealed his life imprint in the palace. Blood Cloud Palace became a part of him, and everything inside the palace was under his control. He could even see the treasure vault inside.

“Blood Cloud Palace is a top-tier flying-palace type true treasure.” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “It’s extremely precious. Remember, you can use it only when you disguise yourself as Blood Cloud Palace Leader. Otherwise, your identity will be exposed.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“I hope I will not take it back someday.” Sitting Mountain Guest grinned.

“I am not my second brother,” Luo Feng replied.

“I’ll make you a promise, just as I did with your second brother. ”

“A promise?” Luo Feng listened carefully.

Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. “If you can kill ten top-tier universe overlords or one universe master when you’re a universe knight, I’ll coin a pinnacle true treasure for you with the material you give me. The material needed to make a pinnacle true treasure is one-tenth the worth of a pinnacle true treasure itself.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. Pinnacle true treasures were desired even by Primal Chaos City Leader and Huge Axe Creator. Ancestor and Sitting Mountain Guest bet on valuables at this level as well.

“However, if you become a universe master, the conditions will be much demanding. You’ll need to kill at least 100 top-tier universe overlords or 10 universe masters before I make a pinnacle true treasure for you.” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled strangely. “When I say ‘pinnacle true treasures,’ that includes domain type true treasures and flying-palace type true treasures.”

Luo Feng’s eyes shone. Damn! The best true treasures currently owned by the human race were pinnacle domain type true treasures.

“I’ll make a list of the materials needed for the true treasure you want,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Don’t expect too much. The materials needed for pinnacle domain type true treasures are so scarce that even your race might not be able to gather it all.”

“They will,” Luo Feng said, feeling motivated.

“Remember, you need to kill 10 top-tier universe overlords or one universe master when you’re a universe knight, and if you become a universe master, the number will be tenfold.” Sitting Mountain Guest sighed. “I gave the promise to your second brother as well. He was already a universe master when he inherited the identity of Northern Prison Master, but he never met my conditions.”

Luo Feng was rendered speechless. Killing 10 universe masters? How demanding was that!

Power wasn’t all that mattered. Universe masters were experts at surviving. Even when it came to universe overlords, they were able to stall and call for help so that a supreme being or even a universe supreme master could arrive! After all, all of them had powers supporting them, and they would call for help if they knew their lives were at risk.

Even universe supreme masters would find it difficult to kill 10 top-tier universe masters. No wonder Flame Emperor had failed!

“I need to kill 10 top-tier universe overlords or one universe master?” Luo Feng exclaimed. “None of the top-tier universe overlords are easy to deal with, and they might even summon universe masters to save them. As for universe masters, the best I can do is to fight them. Kill them?”

The conditions Sitting Mountain Guest put forward were incredibly difficult to meet, but the promise enticed Luo Feng.

“My teacher just wants me to kill.” Luo Feng saw through Sitting Mountain Guest.

“This is Blood Cloud Token.” Sitting Mountain Guest threw out a red token.

Luo Feng took it. It looked like the token his teacher had given him for contact.

“After it recognizes you as its master, you can give orders to the 18 servants using this token,” Sitting Mountain Guest explained. “All the 18 slaves are universe knights, and they’re responsible for other special life forms.”

“Servants?” Luo Feng was curious.

“When I created Blood Cloud Palace Leader, I saved some special life forms during my adventure in the universe. They all begged to recognize me as their master. I’m a special life form myself, so I wanted to protect them. The more time I spent, the more life forms I saved. 18 of them became universe knights under my instructions, and three of them are top-tier universe overlords. You can use the token to learn the basic information about the 18 universe knights. I’ve been protecting them for an eternity, and now, it’s your turn. Take care of them when you can.”

Sitting Mountain Guest paused for a moment. “Star Tower, Force Armor, and Blood Cloud Palace… You’ve got everything. And I’ve done everything I can. And now, you’re the one who can shape your future.”

Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Luo Feng, and then, he disappeared.

Luo Feng remained standing where he was. He felt the expectations in the look Sitting Mountain Guest gave him. Sitting Mountain Guest had cultivated Flame Emperor, and he was cultivating Luo Feng now. Apparently, he wanted a disciple who was a universe supreme master.

Perhaps there’s a secret behind this, Luo Feng thought.

Luo Feng immediately took up Blood Cloud Token. Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest asked him to take care of those special life forms as much as he could. He should definitely devote some effort to this. Luo Feng gave an order to the 18 servants through the token; he asked them to bring all the special life forms under them to see him in Blood Cloud Palace.

“Master wants to see us.”

“Quick.”

“You’re lucky, little one. Master is seeing you.”

“Ah! We’re only sector lords. Can we really see our master?”

Teams of special life forms in Ancient Chin Secret Region started to rush toward Blood Cloud Palace. It was like a pilgrimage to them. After all, Blood Cloud Palace Leader only stayed in contact with those 18 knights. Other special life forms had no way to contact the palace leader.

They finished gathering after a little over a day. All 18 universe knights led the special life forms under them to move forward in the dark and flew toward Blood Cloud Palace.

The door of the palace was opened. Traces of light flew across them.

Inside the main palace of Blood Cloud Palace, Black Sky Horde Leader, Silver Dragon Knight, and Black Thorn Devil Master were at the front, followed by 15 universe overlords and senior universe knights. They were followed by hundreds of undying special life forms who were, in turn, followed by thousands of sector-lord special life forms.

“Master,” the three top-tier universe overlords groveled.

“Master,” all the special life forms groveled.

Blood Cloud Palace Master sat in his bloody throne, looking down upon them


Chapter 1101: The Bottleneck of Life Genes

Luo Feng sat on his throne and looked down at the numerous black figures kneeling before him. Thousands of special life forms were looking at him with surging emotions and worship… At that moment, a realization dawned on Luo Feng. These special life forms that seemed so uncommonly big and powerful shared a common grief… they were too weak and insignificant.

Because of the lures of high levels of life and talent techniques, billions of races within the universe were taking matters into their hands—to either enslave or soul transfer! A group of special life-forms without a strong protector would be quickly torn apart by the vast numbers of races in the universe who were blinded by greed! Devoured!

Back when Blood Cloud Palace Master ran rampant about the universe, there was still a substantial number of special life forms. When he saw these special life forms being hunted down and killed, his heart went out to them. So, group after group of special life-forms he rescued, until finally, he had gathered a group that amounted to a few thousand special life-forms! After countless years of growth, with Sitting Mountain Guest’s guidance, there were the births of top-tier universe lords such as Black Sky Horde Leader, Silver Dragon Knight, and Black Thorn Devil Master.

Back then, they would have probably met the fate of being hunted and killed. Of course, since that time long ago, any races of special life-forms without protectors had long vanished along the historical river of the universe—which was why some ancient beings like Primal Chaos City Leader owned quite a few special life form bodies. However, as time passed, during the times of later generations such as Luo Feng’s, it was rare to see special life forms due to soul transfer.

“Sitting Mountain Guest protected them, guarded them, guided them. He was just like a father to them…” Luo Feng said to himself. “No wonder they all call him ‘Master.’ They really respected and worshipped him from the bottoms of their hearts.”

As of today! thought Luo Feng. I am thus, Blood Cloud Palace Master. I may have gained a new power, but I have also rid a part of Earth’s. I have a new responsibility to take on.

Three top-tier universe overlords… This was indeed a force that many powers of the universe would covet! Especially Black Sky Horde Leader, whose godly powers were almost 100 times purer than those of Heavenly Yang Knight. Though both were senior true treasure armors, Luo Feng needed a force that was two levels higher than what he used to kill Tian Yang Knight in order to bring about the same attack power… and Black Sky Horde Leader’s godly body was millions of miles larger! That was billions of times bigger than the godly body of Tian Yang knight, which was not even 30 feet tall…

As for Silver Dragon Knight and Dark Thorn Devil Master, thought Luo Feng, their godly bodies were not as outrageously big, but neither were they small. With the three of them around, this force of special life-forms they make up—so long as they do not cross paths with universe masters—will be able to ward off attacks from any other opponents.

Luo Feng nodded as he analyzed the situation. Protecting such a force would not be as difficult as protecting his own kind on Earth. After all, this bloodline of special life forms had matured over countless years. They could protect themselves.

A sudden realization dawned upon Luo Feng. The reason the treasure vault contained so many precious materials, treasures, and ordinary true treasures, was because Luo Feng’s future opponents would be universe masters. If he used ordinary true treasures in a battle against a universe master, they would be shattered right away! Obviously, these ordinary true treasures were not what Sitting Mountain Guest had left for Luo Feng, but for this group of special life forms.

“Black Sky,” Luo Feng spoke.

“Master,” Black Sky Horde Leader replied politely.

Luo Feng looked down. “The true treasures that all 18 of you possess. Tell me about them.”

“Yes, Master. I have a senior true treasure armor, six senior true treasures heavenly hammers!” Black Sky Horde Leader then joked good-naturedly, saying, “Master, are you going to bestow me with a top-tier true treasure armor? Previously, you even said… the next time around, you would find a way to get me a top-tier true treasure, and you told me that if I owned a top-tier true treasure armor, even universe masters will find it difficult to kill me.”

Luo Feng was taken aback. Top-tier true treasure armor? Teacher had left him with a treasure vault that only contained about 100 ordinary true treasures.

Sitting Mountain Guest Teacher is so scheming, thought Luo Feng, grumbling to himself, but there was nothing he could do. Now that I have succeeded in the title of Blood Cloud Palace Master, the responsibility of designating valuables for the great beings under my command is also mine?

“I am thinking of a solution,” Luo Feng answered. “Top-tier true treasure armor is not easy to obtain.”

“Yes, but Master will be able to make that happen,” Black Sky Horde Leader said.

Luo Feng quickly moved on. “Next.”

Silver Dragon Knight, Dark Thorn Devil Master and the rest gave respective reports about their own true treasures, and Luo Feng discovered that these 18 universe knights all possessed true treasures, which were obviously obtained based on their personal capabilities. For instance, the three top-tier universe overlords owned senior true treasures, and each of them owned a few true treasures! Luo Feng had initial plans to bestow true treasures to them. Thus, he had to banish those plans. In the end, he could only bestow some other undying special life-forms with treasures before he concluded the meeting.

“This is a form of power,” Luo Feng said to himself. “Although I shoulder the responsibility of leading and guarding them, they can also help me with a lot of things. In the future, for my kind living on Earth, I would certainly be the one to protect them. Black Sky Horde Leader, together with this group of special life forms and the branch of life forms on Earth, should be able to complement each other.”

That very day, Luo Feng ordered all these special life-forms to retreat. And to Black Sky Horde Leader, Silver Dragon Knight, and Dark Thorn Devil Master, he commanded, “Black Sky, Silver Dragon, Dark Thorn, I need to make a trip out. Matters regarding those children in the ancient secret region. Please take care of them. If you all are unable to settle them, inform me.”

“Yes, Master,” all three replied through their tokens.

That very day, Golden Horned Beast body secretly returned to the human territory, back to his god country.

Luo Feng’s life had been divided into two parts. One of it took the form of a golden horned beast and was involved in studying Star Tower based on his knowledge of pictures of secret engravings, while the other took the form of an Earthling original body and stayed on Redbud Island for self-cultivation!

His original earthling body had started to cultivate the eighth volume of the Nine Volume Manual! The advantage of having a small godly body was that the rate of cultivation would be much faster.

After about a year or so, Luo Feng had mastered the eighth volume. His life gene level increased from 9,800 times to 10,050 times, and this was purely a rough gauge estimate. Thereafter, Luo Feng moved on to mastering the ninth volume of the Nine Volume Manual…

During the cultivation process, his life gene level increased at an extremely slow rate, especially when he was midway through— suddenly, his life gene level arrived at its bottleneck! It stopped increasing when it was one final inch away from the perfect life gene level. No matter how he continued with the Nine Volume Manual, his life gene level would not budge an inch.

“Just a little bit more. Remote Ocean body and Golden Horned Beast body reached the perfect gene level right away, but my earthling body still needs the last bit to reach the perfect life gene level. No matter how I try to start cultivating the ninth volume of Nine Volume Manual from the middle… it’s all useless!”

Luo Feng was panicking. Useless! No matter how he tried to go back and forth during the cultivation process, his life gene level remained stagnant.

“Just that little bit more. What am I supposed to do?”

It was his third year on Redbud Island. Luo Feng sat cross-legged on the stone bridge by the pond in the courtyard of his mansion. By this point, he had finally reached the last step to completing the Nine Volume Manual! His Golden Horned Beast body and Remote Ocean bodies had both attained the perfect gene before they could reach the final step, so his original earthling body was the first to have cultivated the final volume.

Hua! Hua!

There Luo Feng sat with his entire being emitting a sound as mighty as a surging sea. At the same time, golden threads started to form, and his skin glowed. A gigantic, mysterious, intricate picture of secret engravings appeared all over him! If Luo Feng’s skin were to have been peeled off and laid flat, it would have formed a picture of secret engravings. Although it was different from the engravings of the Nine Volume Manual, the aesthetics were the same.

Peng!

Luo Feng felt a fundamental breakthrough happening to the origin of life. It seemed he had made it through the bottleneck! His life gene level had finally moved once again, albeit a small step forward! Just this one small step, however, represented a leap toward a fundamental breakthrough.

“A breakthrough.” Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with glee. “I must make a trip back to my god country.”

Luo Feng could feel his godly body attempting to absorb the power and felt its continuous growth. On Redbud Island, there was insufficient power to absorb, so he needed to transfer back to his god country as soon as he could. He left Redbud Island quickly.

In his god country, the limitless Remote Ocean set off tumbling waves a few hundred miles high. At the peak of the waves, a black-haired youth stood in midair, stark naked. An immeasurable amount of ocean water was surging up from beneath, as though there were countless ribbons surrounding him, continuously being absorbed by him.

The black-haired youth started to grow bigger and bigger. From a height that was below six feet, he started to grow taller at an alarming rate. 30 feet, 300 feet, 3,000 feet…

The godly power within his godly body was continuously increasing as well. The increase was more than trillions of times! It had reached an unsurpassable stage that was tumultuous and frightening.

When he became a towering figure standing at a height of over 55,000 miles, the growth finally stopped.

“As of today!” said Luo Feng. “My original earthling body and my Golden Horned Beast body shall be my main battling powers!”

Luo Feng smiled. His original body’s godly being was very pure, but it was small. As a result, he had been unable to use “I am the Universe.” But now, his original earthling body and his Golden Horned Beast body matched in size. Naturally, it was able to display greater powers. Just like when displaying Golden Light—the ultimate technique of a universe master—he did not need to worry about his godly body being overly-used up.

“It’s time to pay Primal Chaos City a visit,” he said. “That Cutting Pearl Sword is now too weak for me.”

First and foremost, Luo Feng headed to Primal Chaos City in the primal universe. He gathered together his Cutting Pearl Sword and a large quantity of ordinary true treasures he had obtained from all the hunting he did on the Original Star. Then he added on 20-odd true treasures from the treasure vault in Blood Cloud Palace and calculated a total. Lastly, he added on the remaining true treasure points that he had to trade for a top-tier true treasure blade— Sorrowful Nine Snow!

The blade was originally named Sorrowful Nine Snow, but Luo Feng gave it a new name. Thus, it became known as Ghost Blade.

“Black Sky, Silver Dragon, Dark Thorn… The 100-plus true treasures in the treasure vault are what Master has left for you special life forms, but all those fellows still need a long, long time to grow up. I will take part of the total now, and I will return them in the future.”

Now that the bug soldiers, automaton race, and demons alike were so eager to take him down, Luo Feng was feeling the pressure, too. He needed to become even stronger. This was for the better.

With the pinnacle true treasure Force Armor activated to the third form (where enemies’ attacks were reduced to only 1/10,000 their original power) and a godly body that was 55,000 miles tall, his survival skills had attained an alarming level. If he were to battle with a universe master, a mere senior true treasure blade was obviously too weak.

He left his god country and returned to Redbud Island.

Golden Horned Beast body took off from the pictures of secret engravings and continued to stay in the god country to study the secret engravings on Star Tower.

On Redbud Island, Luo Feng stayed in silent retreat to continue increasing his comprehension of the beast god path. After all, the more one could comprehend about the Beast God Path, the more beneficial it was in attaining more in the field of secret engravings. And with such peaceful days, it was little wonder that within the blink of an eye, 61 years had done by.


Chapter 1102: Nervous

On Redbud Island.

“Look! Luo Feng showed up, and he’s flying toward the square in front of the palace of the island owner.”

Two undying fighters of the demon race were chatting in one of the palaces, but they stared at Luo Feng who was flying in the distance. Their task was to monitor his every move.

After a short while, Luo Feng went into the water curtain and disappeared, and the two undying fighters began reporting.

Expression: smile.

Wearing: silver armor.

They checked each other’s notes before they made a detailed report.

The undying fighter with a grey shell on his back said in a hoarse voice, “It’s been so many years, and all the powers in the universe know that our race, the bug race, and the automaton race want to kill that Luo Feng! However, nothing’s happened. We all know Luo Feng has the power of a top-tier universe overlord. If we don’t do it quickly, we won’t be able to do anything if he becomes a universe master!”

“We can’t blame our race. Luo Feng’s been hiding on Redbud Island. What can we do about it?” A black eye was staring at the square. “Strange. Why is Luo Feng still at the fifth level on the beast god path?”

The ranking was clear on Redbud Island. All those at the third level of the beast god path were in the same ranking, and all those at the fourth level were at the same ranking… Luo Feng had entered the fifth level 62 years ago! Apparently, he was still practicing the fifth level on beast god path. It made him look powerful, but a top-tier universe overlord needed to be at least at the seventh level.

“Stupid! He’s at the fifth level on the beast god path! Do you know how much he has achieved on the path of space and time? Perhaps he’s almost finished it and become a universe master.”

“Makes sense. But how did he improve so much in such a short time?”

“Who knows? But if he didn’t, there’s no need to kill him now.”

“Look, he came out.”

The two undying fighters of the demon race stared at Luo Feng and kept monitoring every one of his moves. They might be able to extrapolate some important information based on the messages on the surface.

Luo Feng was flying back to his palace.

At least 100 candidates are spying on me, thought Luo Feng with a smirk.

All the candidates from other powers wrote, “Luo Feng smirked at someone.”

I might be able to complete the fifth level after a year or two.

It only took him half a month to complete the fourth level, which represented Beast God Claw. However, the fifth level represented Beast God Horn, which was more intricate, and hence, it took more time. Luo Feng went to the land of inheritance one every two or three months.

After 62 years, he almost finished the fifth level. Besides, advancing on the path of beast god also made it easier for Luo Feng to create techniques using engraving pictures, and he even got inspirations when studying Star Tower and created a pinnacle technique of universe masters and an ultimate technique of universe overlords named “Golden Mountain” and “Level Mountain,” respectively.

The incredible techniques Luo Feng had created were ultimate techniques of universe masters, “Golden Light,” a pinnacle technique of universe masters, “Golden Mountain,” and two ultimate techniques of universe overlords: “Mist” and “Level Mountain.”

Of course, these were not important compared to studying “Star Tower”! Although he had created two incredible techniques, Luo Feng was still only able to utilize the first level of engravings on Star Tower. As for the second level, he had understood most of them, but it would still take him some time before he could utilize the second level.

“I’m only able to use the first move of Star Tower, ‘Pierce’! As for the second move, ‘Smash,’ I might need to completely understand the second level of the engravings to fully wield its power.”

Luo Feng dove toward his palace and continued his peaceful life. He knew it was a short moment of peacefulness before a storm came!

The human race was also following Luo Feng. At the moment, Long Yan Master and Primal Chaos City Leader were talking.

“It’s okay. Luo Feng has been staying on Redbud Island, and it’s safe for him to do so. Chaos, why did you let him go out? It’s safest for him to stay in Chaos City. It’ll still be dangerous for him to go out of the human territory. Even in the Ancestral God School, great beings of the bug race, the demon race, the automaton race, and the Northern Territory Alliance might cooperate with each other and attack Luo Feng.”

“I wouldn’t have stopped him as he insisted on going out. He has a soul type true treasure, and he has an incredible mind and willpower! Even if he runs into dangers he can’t deal with, he can explode himself, as he as the clone technique. There’s nothing to worry about.

Long Yan Master was right to be concerned. The bug race, the demon race, and the automaton race had been nervous because Luo Feng kept staying on Redbud Island. They didn’t dare to send a universe master there as they would definitely be annihilated by Five-Color Aurora Lake! It was not worth it to sacrifice a universe master to do that.

“Damn it.”

“Is that human Luo Feng going to stay on Redbud Island forever?”

“He’s been on Redbud Island for a long time, but nothing has happened. All he needs is practice, and he must be wanting to finish comprehension on Redbud Island! He has that kind of power. Though he hasn’t achieved much on the beast god path, he’s almost reached the perfect level on the path of space and time, and that’s why he uses the beast god path as a reference! Perhaps he might make a breakthrough by studying different paths.”

“We can’t waste our time anymore. The longer we delay, the better it’ll be for Luo Feng.”

All three pinnacle races got nervous. They wanted to wait for Luo Feng to leave Redbud Island by himself, but it had been 62 years.

In the sky, three entities pierced through the distance in the space and arrived at a starry sky. There were three blurry, towering beings.

One of them was breathtaking, and there were halos around it. The being itself could make a universe knight hallucinate. A phantom of a giant oval was floating. There was another being that looked like tens of thousands of snakes, and a giant silver snake head was looking around. The sky around it was twisted into whirlpools.

“Dream Tea, where is Shock Horn?” said the giant black oval.

“I’ll represent our demon race,” said the silver snake’s head. Their voices immediately transmitted to the other two sides, as if the original operation law was rendered useless here. “Automaton, you called me and the bug race here. Both Bug Race Empress and I are here. Let’s talk.”

“Speak, Automaton.”

“Okay,” said the black oval. “A little one named Luo Feng rose within the human race. His power’s been surging fast, and there’ll be another great being within the human race if we let him roam free. Besides, he has clone technique, and it’ll be difficult for us to kill him in the future. We must kill him as soon as possible.”

“Of course we must,” the breathtaking being said. “But how? He’s in the center of Ancestral God School! Even universe masters will be killed by that Five-Color Aurora Lake! Besides, we’ll be messing with the Ancestral God School if we send someone in and break its law… The repercussion will be more catastrophic than having another Primal Chaos City Leader in the human race! In the original universe, the Ancestral God School is the guardian of the operation law, and nobody can outpower it!”

“I agree with what the Empress said,” the silver snake head said. “We want to kill him too, but how?”

“If none of us want to become enemies of the Ancestral God School, we just need to ask a lone universe supreme master to do our bidding,” the black oval said. “We’re afraid because we have our race to worry about, but those lone ones don’t need to worry. So what if they kill Luo Feng at the center of the Ancestral God School?”

“Lone universe supreme masters?”

Both the breathtaking figure and the silver snake head were hesitant.

“It’s going to cost a lot!” the breathtaking being said.

“Asking a lone universe supreme master to kill a peerless genius at the center of the Ancestral God School…” the silver snake head said. “It’ll upset both the Ancestral God School and Huge Axe! Though those lone ones don’t care, it’ll be costly to ask them.”

“Each of you, give me three top-tier true treasures! I’ll do it!” the black oval said.

“Three top-tier true treasures?”

Both the breathtaking being and silver snake head were hesitant. The breathtaking being said, “Even if you add three more top-tier true treasures, they’ll be worth a pinnacle true treasure… One pinnacle true treasure might not be enough to convince a universe supreme master to do such things. Who are you going to ask? Sitting Mountain Guest? Shi Hua Island Leader?”

“That’s not your concern. Just give me three top-tier true treasures each, and I’ll ask a universe supreme master to do it. If I fail, I’ll give them back. I don’t need to lie for those top-tier true treasure.”

“Okay.”

“Sure. Luo Feng’s life is worth three top-tier true treasures.”

Both of them agreed.

“Great.” The giant black oval disappeared, followed by the other two.

The sky turned peaceful again. Nobody could have known that three of the greatest beings in the universe had just held a conversation there.


Chapter 1103: Arrival of the Strongest

On a life planet within a domain of the human territory.

A hunchbacked and green-skinned elderly human who sported an antenna on his head stood in one of the back alleys of a bustling city, addressing a drunken human youth.

The green-skinned elderly human said in a hoarse voice, “My child, you are so young, so full of vitality. You have such a bright future ahead of you. Are you so void of fighting spirit to want to drink yourself into a stupor like that?”

The drunken youth slouched against the wall while seated on the ground, his eyes filled with sorrow. He shook his head and said, “Hopeless. All hope is gone. I have racked my brains to think of ways to contribute my best, but they were simply too strong. In this city, they may not be the strongest, but they are still in a different league where ordinary, lower-class people like myself are defenseless. They have been trifling with my feelings, teasing me but not killing me. To them, I am just a toy!”

“Life is full of miracles,” the green-skinned old man said hoarsely. “Nothing is unchanging. The universe is always so mysterious and unpredictable. Anything is possible.”

“Is that so?” The wasted youth looked at the old man, then lowered his head to indulge in his beer.

The old man smiled and nodded. “Yes, anything is possible.” Slightly taken aback, the youth sat in a daze, the beer bottle in his hands. The smile on the hunchbacked elderly’s face widened, and within five short seconds, the wasted youth snapped out of his daze.

He looked around with piercing eyes as sharp as an eagle. There was a vigor in him that had been absent before. Scanning his surroundings with due vigilance, he saw the ordinary back alley and the hunchbacked old man before him. His expression registered disbelief.

“I, I, I…” he stammered. “How can I be back to where I was 100,000 years ago? I am already a sector lord. How can it… This is an illusion, but how can an illusion feel so real? But, but…!”

“My child—” the hunchbacked old man started to say.

“You—you are…” the youth said. He stared at the hunchbacked old man and recognized him. “You are the old man who provided me guidance back then.”

“Back then? Wasn’t it just a little while ago?” The hunchbacked old man smiled, then vanished into thin air.

The youth stood rooted to the spot for a long time.

The wasted youth looked around and manipulated his willpower with his mind. “Domain!”

His spiritual force might not be strong, but it was comparable to that of a sector lord. Under the guidance of his willpower, he managed to produce a weak, flamed domain.

“Really, all of this is real? I… Everything that happened is real. Is it true that I have cultivated up to the stage of a sector lord? But why am I back to the most painful time of my life? Have I traveled back in time? No…”

The youth was different from before. He had cultivated the heart of a great being.

“Even if I could turn back time, I would still be unable to travel to the past. That is to say, I have experienced an illusion. But what illusion is this, where I can live in it for 100,000 years? And become a sector lord? And to have comprehended part of the universe laws?” Eyes widened in fear, the drunken youth looked around him and shouted repeatedly, “Senior! Senior! Senior…!”

However, there was no one around.

The youth shook his head. “What a pity, I missed a great opportunity! If I had followed that elderly man, I think it would have been easy to become undying. This is simply unbelievable… However, I have gained quite a fair bit, too. Hmm… Those bastards. I have killed you all in my illusion before. I shall let you face desperation once again!”

Thereafter, he left the back alley.

“Ho ho…” The hunchbacked, single-horned elderly was still in the same spot. Seeing the wasted youth leaving, he smiled.

From the beginning, the hunchbacked elderly had not moved an inch. However, if he wanted to be seen, he could make himself appear; if he did not want to be seen, the other party would not be able to see him.

Weng!

A forceful power transcended the limitless space and suddenly landed on this planet in the back alley. The surrounding space became slightly distorted. An elliptical black sphere appeared in the back alley, and it spoke.

“Stone, you are a devil master!” the black sphere said. “Even universe masters fear you, and yet you are in the mood for helping this young fellow.”

The hunchbacked old man grinned. “If you want me to kill, I shall kill. If you want me to rescue, I shall rescue. If you want me to bestow, I shall bestow! If earlier on, in the back alley, that young fellow had knelt and pled earnestly, if he had asked to see me… I would have killed him right away.” The hunchbacked old man turned to look at the elliptical black sphere and said, “Automaton, this is the human territory. What purpose does your conscious mind have for being here?”

“There is something going on.” The elliptical black sphere was hovering in midair. The surrounding space was very unstable. Indistinctly, the request could be heard: “I am engaging you to kill a young fellow.”

“Is he strong?” the hunchbacked old man said.

“The human, Luo Feng!” the elliptical black sphere said.

“Luo Feng?” The hunchbacked old man nodded. “I know that young fellow. When he just returned from Universe Ocean, news about him was widely spread and sought after. No wonder you are here. You automaton race, bug soldiers, and demons are all after him. Tell me, where is he now?

“The Ancestral God School, Redbud Island!” the elliptical black sphere said.

“The Ancestral God School!” The old man was no longer as calm and laid-back. His eyes focused on the black rays flashing faintly. “Automaton, I am not bothered about Huge Axe; I am happy to kill that young fellow for you. But if he is in the core grounds of the Ancestral God School… asking me to kill a candidate of theirs while he’s on the grounds of the Ancestral God School is a suicide mission. I’ve heard that the Ancestral God School has bestowed him with valuables, which shows how much they value him.”

“I have helped you before,” the black sphere transmitted its voice from afar. “This time, we can call it quits. I owed you one.”

The hunchbacked elderly replied in his hoarse voice, “All right, you have my word. Tell me all the details you know about him.”

“The power of a top-tier universe overlord’s godly body would probably be comparable to the rare special life forms, and he has the talent technique of dividing bodies,” the black sphere continued. “Just annihilating one of his godly bodies is useless. You need to penetrate the soul… and bring all the godly bodies to complete destruction. Or you can make use of soul control! But the difficulty of using soul control is obviously much higher. Stone, you are a universe supreme master of the school of illusions! If you are unable to succeed… then no other great being in this primal universe would be able to.”

“All right, I will set off now,” said the old man. “I know all of you must be waiting so impatiently.”

“I will be waiting for good news then.” The elliptical black sphere replied.

Hua!

The two disappeared together one after the other. A slight tremor shook the surrounding space, then everything resumed normality. The ordinary humans of this city were completely unaware of everything that had just happened.

In the Ancestral God secret region, in the void space surrounding Five-Color Aurora Lake, an entirely black life form was standing in the void space. There was a black aura surrounding it in winding paths, enveloping his entire being. Only a pair of black eyes could be seen, albeit indistinctly.

“The human Luo Feng? Meriting a universe supreme master to engage another universe supreme master to kill you… You should be proud of yourself.”

Redbud Island.

Luo Feng’s mansion was designed like a Jiang Nan garden, boasting features like small bridges and rivers, airy pavilions, and pagodas. Luo Feng was seated at the table of one of the pagodas, sipping wine as he pondered the beast god path. He really enjoyed the peaceful days where he could devote himself to cultivation wholeheartedly, yet he knew that in the Ancestral God School, he only appeared to be safe and sound.

But as time passed, bug soldiers, demons, and the automaton race alike were losing patience! As they watched him grow continuously, how would the other three pinnacle races take it lying down? They would definitely find a way to take him down.

As for him, he had the talent technique of dividing bodies, and if it was only a material attack on one of his bodies to annihilate it, they would not achieve the result they wanted. If they wanted to attack… they would definitely focus on his soul. They could either permeate his soul and perish as one with it—like how Soaring Star Master had died—or they could try controlling his soul.

With his original earthling body making such an apparent appearance, Luo Feng did not dare to act rashly. The soul type true treasure Tower Pearl and the pinnacle true treasure Force Armor were always with him. Force Armor also had the ability to weaken attacks on his soul. Most importantly, ordinary weaker kinds of soul type true treasures would shatter when being attacked by other soul type treasures. But Tower Pearl was the core control center of Star Tower, and it could recognize its master; even supreme true treasures could not cause it to shatter. Its defense level merely matched up to an ordinary true treasure, but it was definitely trustworthy.

Tower Pearl and Force Armor, in addition to my willpower and consciousness which were at the level of a universe master, Luo Feng calculated to himself.

His massive godly body and limitless godly power had given him a powerful consciousness! Countless ordeals, changes of life-and-death inheritances, and 180 million years of cultivation had brought his willpower to the level of a universe master! He could count on these advantages! Luo Feng was certainly confident enough!

While holding his wine glass, Luo Feng pondered the beast god path. Suddenly, he looked up at the sky and became aware that something was not quite right.

“Huh?”

The moment he looked up at the area in the sky that was enveloped by the Five-Color Aurora Lake, a figure surrounded by a limitless black airflow suddenly appeared.

Shrouded as the figure was by the airflow, Luo Feng’s view of him obscured. Only a pair of eyes could be seen. And what a pair of eyes it was! Just one look at them was enough to make Luo Feng shudder.

Not good…!

The shudders ran deep within him, right down to his very soul… and Luo Feng understood in an instant that this was a feeling of powerlessness he had only felt in the face of Star Ancestor and Sitting Mountain Guest.

“It’s a universe supreme being!” Luo Feng realized.

Hua!

Intangible attacks were launched!

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

300 feet above Luo Feng, a gigantic crack suddenly appeared in the sky.

Wrong—it was not a crack. It was an impact brought about by the collision of two spaces!

All time and space in the surroundings of the figure enveloped by the black airflow fell under his control. Even the universe laws were dismissed. The figure enveloped by black airflow was in total control over everything. And similarly, the lower space was also being controlled. One up, one down; these two spaces collided at a mere 300 feet away from Luo Feng. It was a scene more frightening than the collisions of planets!

When the two spaces collided with one another, the two strong powers manipulated their own space. Wherever the two spaces collided, a crack would appear.

“What?” Luo Feng gasped.

Luo Feng was stupefied. His power far surpassed that of top-tier universe overlords and was comparable to universe masters. His willpower and consciousness were also extremely strong, so he could instantly conclude that in the lower space, there was another universe supreme master.

“Two universe supreme masters? Fighting each other?”

Luo Feng was at a loss for a reaction.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The skies above the Five-Color Aurora Lake were in a furious frenzy. It was Luo Feng’s first time witnessing how turbulent the lake could become. What was happening to the vast Five-Color Aurora Lake was a sight resembling that of heavenly lakes collapsing in an instant.

Hong! Long! Long!

Abundant rays of light came swooping down toward the space below, surging at the black, misty figure.

The black, misty figure did not budge an inch. Instead, a furious roar of rage was heard.

“Ancestor God!” the figure roared. “Are you going to stop me?”

“Virtual-Real Devil Master!” a booming voice replied. “This is the territory of my Ancestral God School!”


Chapter 1104: Ancestral God Fights Devil God

“Ancestral God?” Luo Feng looked to where the voice came from. A being flew up from an ordinary palace close to his palace. It was a great being of another race that was dozens of feet tall and had six arms. He was in human form with thick legs, but he had a face on each side of his head. The face at the front looked amiable with a smiled, yet the one at the back was dark and fierce.

Each of his six arms was grasping a short stick, and there were four sections on each stick, making them look like parrying daggers from Earth. Three of the parrying daggers were black while the other three were white, and power flowed around each parrying dagger.

“Ancestral God is living beside me?” Luo Feng was started. He had been practicing on Redbud Island for 62 years and hadn’t known that the Ancestral God was living beside him until now.

The amiable face of Ancestral God looked at the sky, and his voice was transmitted from the space and time under his control to the space and time under Virtual-Real Devil Master’s control.

“Virtual-Real Devil Master, get out!” he said. “I’ll pretend that you were never here.”

“Haha! It’s Double-Face Ancestral God!” said Virtual-Real Devil Master. “You dare to be so arrogant in front of me! Humph! I’ve never given a damn about your so-called Ancestral God School, and I always go wherever I want! Who can stop me? I’ll kill that human Luo Feng today, and you won’t be able to stop me!”

The space and time controlled by the being in the black mist were pushed down after his gloating.

Hong! Long!

The power from the space and time controlled by Devil Master was stronger.

Peng!

Double-Face Ancestral God looked up, and the space under his control also surged.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

When the two universe spaces clashed against each other, the Five-color Aurora Lake started to launch attacks. All the auroras shrank and merged together, forming a golden pillar. The universe space controlled by Virtual-Real Devil Master was slashed as if there were a gully.

“No wonder it’s a supreme true treasure.” Luo Feng looked up and was awed. “That universe space is completely under the control of Virtual-Real Devil Master, and even universe operation law has backed off! It’s more incredible than the control on time and space by universe masters, and it’s still powerless under a supreme true treasure.”

The golden pillar dashed down, and a dark space gully extended toward Virtual-Real Devil Master.

“Ha!” Virtual-Real Devil Master suddenly looked up, and black mist permeated. “Five-color Aurora Lake? Scram!”

Virtual-Real Devil master roared, and armor appeared that trembled the surrounding space. It was a mysterious suit of armor with blood stains on it. The armor integrated with each inch of the sky of Virtual-Real Devil Master.

A dark hollow that was more than 30 square feet appeared. The golden pillar kept bombarding Virtual-Real Devil Master, but the armor withstood it!

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

Each inch of the space sparked like fireworks. The universe space controlled by Virtual-Real Devil Master crumbled into particles, yet the space controlled by the Ancestral God was stable.

Luo Feng saw Virtual-Real Devil Master clearly. Virtual-Real Devil Master fell a little bit, and the golden pillar was dissipated.

“Hahaha! I have a supreme true treasure to protect me!” Virtual-Real Devil Master said. “Nobody in the universe oceans can kill me! Let alone you, Double-Face Ancestral God!” He followed this sentiment by recklessly roaring, “Universe space, break!”

Hong!

The being in black mist dove, and his right foot stamped and ground! His right foot wore an ancient boot, which obviously was a component of a supreme true treasure. The ancient boot twisted the time and space under its impact. The flow of time was in disorder, and space was cracked.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The space controlled by Ancestral God was also cracked, as he wasn’t able to resist that attack.

“Virtual-Real Devil Master, you’re being outrageous!”

Double-Face Ancestral God switched faces. The dark black face moved to the forefront and glared at Virtual-Real Devil Master. He roared in anger and flew up. Each of his arms was carrying a parrying dagger. With the daggers being waved, three black airflows and three white airflows were formed. They were combined and formed a complex black-and-white airflow picture!

The picture gushed, and the right foot stamped down!

Hong!

The moment they touched, the power of the supreme true treasure Virtual-Real Devil Master was carrying and the power all the six pinnacle true treasures carried by Ancestral God was merged… The attacking ability of the protection true treasure Virtual-Real Devil Master had was only an accessory, and the attacking power of it was not much different from the true treasures Ancestral God had.

“Virtual-Real, get the hell out!”

All six arms of Double-Face Ancestral God waved, and the attacks from each parrying dagger overlaid with each other, making them more powerful! The universe spaces controlled by them were trembling.

Luo Feng could feel the space around him trembling. He wanted secretly to run away. However, it was safest for him to stay in the time and space controlled by Ancestral God. Besides, two universe supreme masters were fighting, and the space and time controlled by them were unstable. He wasn’t able to leave using god country transportation!

I can’t even run away, he thought. There’s a universe supreme master trying to kill me.

Luo Feng gazed at the fight between the two universe supreme masters in the sky. Although the fight only affected the spaces controlled by them, the spaces were sometimes dismantled and became particles. And sometimes, the particles gathered again. He could feel how terrific it was. Virtual-Real Devil Master was using a supreme true treasure! Ancestral God was using six black-and-white parrying daggers! Perhaps universe masters could be killed!

“Virtual-Real Devil Master, don’t blame me! Five-color Aurora Lake!” Ancestral God roared.

Five-color Aurora Lake, which had been only partly utilized, immediately shrank. It was the guarding true treasure of the Ancestral God School that covered several square light years. But now, it was shrinking. All the auroras shrank to the size of rice grains, then formed a giant, five-colored blade.

“Cut!”

The five-color giant blade slashed down! The six parrying blades slashed at Virtual-Real Devil Master again…

“Damn Ancestral God! Damn you!” Virtual-Real Devil master bellowed.

He needed to defend himself from attacks from the five-color giant blade and the six parrying daggers from Ancestral God at once. He wasn’t able to handle them at the same time and got hit several times, which consumed his godly body.

“You’re pushing me!” Virtual-Real Devil Master raised his head and roared. “Ahhhhh!” The space around him cracked.

Ancestral God bounced away. The giant blade couldn’t get close.

Neither Ancestral God nor the five-color giant blade could get close, and the force from Virtual-Real Devil Master was inconceivably strong, which stunned Luo Feng who was watching down there. Rumor had it that universe supreme masters were restricted by the universe operation, and thus, they could only show power that was slightly stronger than universe masters. How could they be that strong! Neither Ancestral God nor the supreme true treasure could get close.

“Virtual-Real Devil Master, this is the original universe!” Ancestral God shouted.

“Ya!”

Virtual-Real Devil Master looked omnipotent. He disregarded the five-color giant blade and dove down. At the same time, a golden chain showed up in the space, and it bound the arm of Virtual-Real Devil Master, making it difficult for him to hit down.

“No!” Virtual-Real Devil Master was terrified.

Another green chain extended from space and entangled the other arm of Virtual-Real Devil Master. A navy blue chain extended from space… Chains continued to come out of space, bearing down Virtual-Real Devil Master.

“Damn it!” Virtual-Real Devil master roared, exasperated. However, his force got weaker and weaker, and the chains stopped giving out power as he grew weaker.

Virtual-Real Devil Master looked down. “Double-Face Ancestral God, this is the original universe! You’re not my match in Universe Ocean!”

Double-Face Ancestral God looked up. “Unfortunately for you, you’re in the original universe now! Each of us three Ancestral Gods can outpower you! In the original universe, nobody can challenge us! We’re the guardians of universe operation law, and we’re given grace by the universe origin. Give up! Do you want to challenge the universe origin?”

Virtual-Real Devil Master glared down. Double-Face Ancestral God glared up.

“Good,” Virtual-Real Devil Master snorted. “You’ll learn the consequences in Universe Ocean.”

“We never go to Universe Ocean!” said Double-Face Ancestral God.

Virtual-Real Devil Master clenched his teeth. The Ancestral God School couldn’t roam the Universe Ocean, but it was sitting in the crown in the original universe.

“Little one,” said Virtual-Real Devil Master. He glanced at Luo Feng, who was in shock. “You got lucky today!”

Hong!

Virtual-Real Devil Master surged much faster than light. He broke out of the Five-Color Aurora Lake and disappeared.

The shattered universe space went back to being peaceful, and nothing on Redbud Island was damaged. Other candidates only felt the space trembling. They had no idea what had just happened.

Luo Feng stared at the sky. Both Ancestral God and Virtual-Real Devil Master had disappeared.

Then Luo Feng heard the voice of Ancestral God. “Come here, Luo Feng.”


Chapter 1105: Virtual-Real Devil Master

By the side of the railings of the pagoda, Luo Feng turned to look down. There, he saw, right in the middle of his courtyard, Double-Face Ancestor God.

“Ancestor God.” With a flash, Luo Feng reached the side of the other party.

Double-Face Ancestor God was fair-skinned and benevolent-looking. As he looked at Luo Feng, Luo Feng felt as though he were basking in a spring breeze, and he started to thank Ancestor God repeatedly, “Thank you for coming to my rescue, Ancestor God.”

Five-Color Aurora Lake enveloped the core ground of the entire Ancestral God School. When it suddenly disappeared, many islands, Eight Beast God Palace, Guarding Beast God Palace, 72 General Continent, and many others were quick to notice its absence. When a predominating treasure like Five-Color Aurora Lake went missing, wouldn’t it consider that a major event?

Even though everything returned back to normal very quickly, it still sparked an endless debate. The Ancestral God School had many peripheral members who normally lived on other islands. They were all discussing this proactively. At the same time, they were secretly sending news back to the powers behind them!

“Five-Color Aurora Lake is a supreme true treasure. Barring a critical moment, it would be impossible to get it to unleash its full potential. Normally, just a little aurora is enough to annihilate enemies.”

“For it to instantly disappear, Five-Color Aurora Lake must be putting in its all and doing everything it can.”

“Who could cause this?”

“Who provoked Five-Color Aurora Lake into retaliation at full might?”

Though they were peripheral members, the possibilities included Jiu Feng Knight, who might be a candidate for the post of Heavenly General. But such individuals would definitely pledge their loyalty to their human race! Who would have provoked Five-Color Aurora Lake?

With Ancestral God School as the core grounds, the news was secretly and rapidly disseminated.

“The predominating treasure of Ancestral God School, Five-Color Aurora Lake, was activated once, then it disappeared within an instant, but was recovered to original state within a fleeting moment.”

“Something major must have happened.”

“Pushed to such extremes, could it be a universe supreme being has barged its way into the core grounds of Ancestral God School?”

The other eight of the top nine powers of the universe were no fools. Each came to a conclusion quickly, especially the top three powers—the bug soldiers, the demons, and the automaton race— who were waiting quietly and expectantly. Upon enlisting the help of Virtual-Real Devil Master, Father God of the automaton race had notified the demons and bug soldiers that he had invited a universe supreme being to take up the matter.

“It must be the killing of Luo Feng that incurred the wrath of the Ancestral God School.”

“Haha! So long as Luo Feng is eliminated, with that hard stone’s ability, it would be able to take its leave easily.”

News spread to the outside world rapidly, but Luo Feng was oblivious. He did not have an inkling of what was going on because Redbud Island was within the universe that was under the control of Double-Face Ancestor God, so the candidates on Redbud Island were unaware of the sudden, momentary disappearance and reappearance of the Five-Color Aurora Lake.

“What!” Luo Feng could not suppress his shout of surprise. “Ancestor God, you—you have been protecting me…?”

“Hahaha…” Double-Face Ancestor God smiled and said, “I was the undying demon staying next to you, I transformed into that appearance so no one on Redbud Island would discover my true identity.”

Images of an undying demon in the form of a two-headed white wolf immediately sprang up in Luo Feng’s mind. That was him?

“If I were not staying next to you and you were to meet with sudden danger, how would I be able to come to your rescue in time? I couldn’t have done it from my Ancestor God Palace.” Double-Face Ancestor God smiled. “Virtual-Real Devil Master has extremely strong powers. He could appear on Redbud Island in an instant. If I had been at Ancestor God Palace, by the time I realized he was here, even if I did my best to rush here… I’m afraid I still would have been too late to save you from annihilation—or to save you from being controlled by another soul.”

“Being controlled by a soul?” Luo Feng’s brow twitched.

Based on what he knew, a universe supreme being was merely one notch stronger than the strongest universe master. The difference was not all that far apart. Luo Feng’s willpower and consciousness were at the universe master level. Furthermore, he had Force Armor to reduce attacks on his soul, and he had one of the components of his supreme true treasure Star Tower, “Tower Pearl,” to guard his soul. With those, he assumed he would not be that weak.

“Don’t believe me?” Double-Face Ancestor God said. He looked at Luo Feng and shook his head laughingly. “He is called Virtual-Real Devil Master. The ‘virtual-real’ part of his name comes from the fact that he possesses the skill of creating illusions which are identical to reality.”

“Illusions? Identical to reality?” Luo Feng was secretly in shock.

“The moment you fall into an illusion he created, you will still feel the universe laws in motion, you can still cultivate… and in the process of cultivation, you can still master the skill of law comprehension. Everything is perfectly real.” Double-Face Ancestor God smiled at Luo Feng, “Of course, once you are able to break free from the illusion, you will realize that you have not undergone any change, only your willpower and memory will have some changes. Of course, the laws that you have cultivated within the illusion must be one of those that he personally knew of. If he didn’t know the laws, he wouldn’t have enabled you to cultivate.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

Cultivating laws within an illusion? This bore a resemblance to the virtual universe.

Actually, the virtual universe allowed countless life forms to enter at any one point in time, and within the virtual universe, any kind of law could be cultivated; there was almost no difference from the real world. A true super great being could clearly differentiate the virtual world from the real world without confusion. Only the ordinary humans who were weaker, and who were immersed in virtual games on a long-term basis would confuse the real and virtual worlds as time passed. However, the moment one’s willpower got stronger, the confusion would stop.

There was a fundamental difference between the virtual universe and an illusion. The virtual universe was open and aboveboard, like another universe—the universe of consciousness.

“Once you fall into his illusion, you may feel as though a short instant in the actual, real world was equivalent to tens of thousands of years, or even more, in the illusionary world,” Double-Face Ancestor God explained.

Luo Feng was appalled and commented, “Could this time be used for cultivation? This would be a very smart way of saving time.”

“No.” Double-Face Ancestor God walked along the stoned pavement encircling the pond and said, “Sustaining an illusion consumes a large amount of godly power. Besides, he has to give his best; getting an ordinary human to fall into an illusion and sustaining it for a long time is easy. But, getting a universe master to fall into an illusion and make him feel as though 10,000 years have passed within the blink of an eye… The amount of godly power needed is truly unbelievable. How can it be used for cultivation? Moreover, the path of your choice may not be familiar to Virtual-Real Devil Master. His strongest ability is illusion. I have lived by your side for 62 years. Having observed you for so long, I can also judge that your willpower and consciousness must have already reached the level of a universe master; your godly body is probably comparable to the special life forms that were one of a kind.”

Luo Feng was in great shock. How frightening! He had not engaged in any battle and was only observing, completely in the dark. After a long period of watching Luo Feng, Double-Face Ancestor God had been able to make a judgment about his level of power. Even Primal Chaos City Leader Teacher could only make a judgment if Luo Feng was in the primal universe.

“For a soul to kill you would be as difficult as trying to kill a universe master,” said Double-Face Ancestor God. “But Virtual-Real Devil Master can achieve that. His ability to create illusions is horrifying. Given the willpower and consciousness of a universe master, at the very least, he would have to possess a top-tier soul type true treasure in order to not be fearful of Virtual-Real Devil Master. This is the strength of his ability under a certain amount of restraint upon being suppressed by the universe origins.”

“A top-tier soul type true treasure?” Luo Feng held his breath.

A top-tier soul type true treasure was comparable to the value of a pinnacle true treasure. Among all the universe masters, a great majority did not own one.

“You have to know that among the universe supreme beings, he has the most frightening skills when it comes to illusions.” Double-Face Ancestor God looked at Luo Feng. “In the case of an ordinary soul type true treasure, his blurry godly power can tear it apart any moment; as for a senior soul type true treasure, they are also defenseless against him. These victorious moments are proven proved by his credentials.”

Luo Feng nodded and made sure he remembered all this information well. This information was considered confidential. For Double-Face Ancestor God to tell him all this was indeed an act of great kindness. Actually, for Double-Face Ancestor God to be willing to stay in solitude beside him for 62 years meant that, during the times when he gained fame—leading to him being hunted down by bug soldiers, demons, and the automaton race—Double-Face Ancestor God had already been living a secluded life beside him.

“Force Armor can only weaken the force by one level; with Tower Pearl alone, is it not enough?”

Seems to me I must bring Star Tower with me at all times, Luo Feng told himself.

The moment Tower Pearl returned to Star Tower, the latter would shrink and park itself within Luo Feng’s godly body. Then, it would naturally be guarding his soul!

Star Tower consisted of various functional components like attacking, soul type, flying palace type, sealing type, and many more. He might only have the soul type component, but with the entire Star Tower within his body, according to Luo Feng’s assessment, it should be comparable to a pinnacle soul type true treasure. Or, at the very least, Luo Feng felt it would make a difference.

Just as what Sitting Mountain Guest said, with Star Tower, he would fear no one! The best form of defense would be to hide within Star Tower!

Regardless of material or soul attack, Star Tower would be able to ward off everything! If he hid within it, even a universe supreme master would not be able to do anything to him! But of course, doing so would only reveal the fact that he owned Star Tower, which would arouse the greed of the group of universe pinnacle great beings. There was no way one could be on guard against theft day in and day out. Once a universe supreme being started eyeing him, there was no way he could possibly remain within Star Tower all the time. Any moment of carelessness would spell danger.

Next time around, I have to put Star Tower within my godly body, to guard and protect my soul. I have underestimated the universe supreme beings. It was said that a universe supreme being was only slightly stronger than the most powerful universe master—just a hit stronger. But I did not expect them to be so powerful. Seems like… I have also underestimated the powers of universe masters.

Luo Feng had always thought that after he became a universe knight, he would be able to compete head-to-head with a universe master.

A sudden realization dawned on Luo Feng. Among universe masters, there were stronger ones and weaker ones, too! He could probably stand against the weaker ones. However, for the strong ones like Primal Chaos City Leader—who was only a small fraction less powerful than Virtual-Real Devil Master, judging from Virtual-real Devil Master’s showcase of skills—the strongest of all top-tier universe masters was certainly much stronger than he was.

The supreme true treasure Star Tower guards the soul, thought Luo Feng. Force Armor protects the body. With a godly body more than 55,000 miles tall, even a universe supreme being should not be able to harm me. Hmm. I have to hurriedly get Star Tower back.

Luo Feng had gotten too complacent. The showcase of power by a universe supreme being this time around had sobered him up.

Double-Face Ancestor God turned to look at Luo Feng. “Word of you killing Flourishing Light Horde Leader and Para-chopper Knight has spread, especially when you turned up at Redbud Island. I proceeded to discuss your situation with two other ancestor gods. The bug soldiers, the automaton race, and the demons would stay away for the moment, but as time passed, we knew they would probably close in on you. Therefore, the second day after you arrived at Redbud Island, I started living in the palace next to your mansion.”

“Thank you Ancestor God.” Luo Feng expressed his gratitude.

This kind sentiment… He had to put it to heart! Kindness begot kindness!

“It has been a long time since a promising being such as yourself has turned up at the Ancestral God School,” said Double-Face Ancestor God. “Your potential is much stronger than Purple Knight.” He smiled at Luo Feng, then added, “We at the Ancestral God School hope that you will grow and mature to a stage where you are comparable to your teacher, Primal Chaos City Leader. At that time, the Ancestral God School will bestow you with the title of Guarding Godly Master.”


Chapter 1106: Universe’s Favor

“Guarding Godly Master?”

Luo Feng was startled. Nine Remoteness Master was a Guarding Godly Master of Ancestral God School. Guarding Godly Masters were the top seniors among the sub-members of the Ancestral God School, and they were at the same level as Beast Gods.

No wonder they’ve been helping me like that. It’s because they want me to be a Guarding Godly Master, Luo Feng thought. I still need a supreme true treasure to protect me when I am dealing with universe supreme masters! However, if I become a universe master, my godly power will surge again, and so will my willpower. After that, I won’t need a soul type true treasure to defend myself against an illusion by Virtual-Real Devil Master.

Luo Feng was indeed powerful, and he wanted to fight universe masters. However, he still needed Star Tower to protect his life when he came across universe supreme masters. Sitting Mountain Guest was indeed accurate about him. He had said that Luo Feng could roam the universe as long as he had Star Tower, and a different translation of that was that Luo Feng did still have to fear some beings without it.

Though Luo Feng understood that the Ancestral God School had protected him for their own benefit, he was still grateful. After all, they did this because they thought highly of Luo Feng. Besides, based on the information he collected, there were no confrontations between the Ancestral God School and the human race, and the Ancestral God School promised before that human sub-members wouldn’t be required to fight the human race, and sub-members could refuse to accept a particular task.

“Virtual-Real Devil Master came after you once, so you know how much the bug race, automaton race, and demon race want you dead.” Double-Face Ancestral God gazed at Luo Feng. “Think carefully about what you should do.”

“I know.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Of course, don’t be worried, either,” said Double-Face Ancestral God. “Virtual-Real Devil Master is a universe supreme master. Since he failed, at least we know he won’t come here and try to kill you again. As for asking another universe supreme master, that’s not easy. The bug race, automaton race, and demon race might not be willing to. They failed the first time, and if they try it and fail again, it’s like giving out true treasures for free.” Double-Face Ancestral God smiled. “Think about what you should do. I’ll go back to the Ancestral God Palace.”

Double-Face Ancestral God turned around and walked away.

After three steps, his shape was blurred.

“Back to Ancestral God Palace?” Luo Feng nodded. Of course. He was an Ancestral God, and he had been doing him a large favor by disguising himself beside him. He couldn’t be his spy forever.

“I’ll go back to my god country first.”

Luo Feng turned around and walked back to his palace. Then he left Redbud Island and went back to his god country.

In his god country, the boundless Remote Ocean was sensing the universe origin and absorbing godly power. After all, only one-eighth of the ocean had finished being transformed when turning to a universe knight…

“Star Tower,” said Luo Feng. He wore his silver armor and silver wings and was standing atop the ocean.

Golden Horned Beast flew toward him. It became a Golden Horned Beast a million miles long with a huge Star Tower on its head. The Golden Horned Beast had been studying the engravings on Star Tower for all these years. The engravings were extremely intricate, which baffled people! Luo Feng was only able to recognize three levels and fully comprehend the first level.

“Come.” Luo Feng reached out his hands.

Hua!

Star Tower flew toward him, shrinking, and fell into his palm.

“Guard the soul.”

Star Tower went into Luo Feng’s body and floated at the center of Luo Feng’s chest. Tower Pearl flew back to Star Tower. The Tower Pearl itself was able to guard the soul. As for the complete Star Tower, it was much more efficient at guarding the soul.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Countless threads spread from Star Tower like a net coming from Star Tower. They covered Luo Feng, and each trace of godly power had its life imprint protected. Luo Feng was awed. Tower Pearl was like a giant boulder guarding the soul, yet Star Tower was more like a towering mountain. Even now, it felt much more stable.

“No wonder it’s a supreme true treasure.”

Luo Feng was pleased. It was known that a supreme true treasure could be a guarding treasure, but even some universe supreme masters didn’t have supreme true treasures.

“I still need to be careful even if the first universe supreme master failed.” Luo Feng immediately connected to the virtual universe with his mind. “I tried to search for the information about universe supreme masters before, but I couldn’t. Now that I’ve been deemed a top-tier universe overlord, my access authority should be higher.”

Inside Luo Feng’s habitation on Thunder Island, in a quiet palace.

Luo Feng stared at the screen in front of his desk.

“My access authority is indeed high.”

Luo Feng smiled. Last time, he had the access authority of a secondary universe knight. This time, Luo Feng had the access authority of a seven-star universe overlord.

“Master,” Babata replied. This was, of course, a subsidiary intelligent part of Babata, while the original body was training on the earth. Babata had become undying with the resources provided by Luo Feng. However, undying fighters were too weak to meddle in the sort of the fights Luo Feng was dealing with. That was why he still stayed on the earth. Babata did, however, provide a great deal of help for Luo Feng’s family.

“Search for universe masters and universe supreme masters,” said Luo Feng.

“Yes.”

Hua!

Information showed up on the screen. Luo Feng clicked on the first result, as it usually contained the most information.

“It’s indeed different to have the access authority of a seven-star universe overlord. I can learn many top-tier secrets.” Luo Feng smiled and kept reading.

All the creatures in the universe were children of the universe, and the universe loved them. Special life forms had eternal lives when they were first born. Ordinary life forms, however, had to become undying before they had eternal lives. Otherwise, they would die. There was no need to elaborate on non-undying. Undying fighters were those who fully comprehended the easiest laws and gained eternal lives with the help of law ocean.

Universe knights were those who had fully comprehended space law or time law. They had stronger godly bodies and had high law comprehension.

As for universe masters, they had fully comprehended one of the merge laws… Once becoming a universe master, they would be able to control space and time.

These were all gifts from the universe. Undying fighters, universe knights, and universe masters… The universe origin was bestowing them with endless godly power! And perhaps inherited techniques, complete control over space and time, and the power to turn back time. The universe origin would still treat universe masters as their children and take care of them. And it wouldn’t disturb their training.

However, there was no clear way to become a universe supreme master! All the methods they tried before would be rendered useless! Other great beings couldn’t follow the same path to become universe supreme masters.

Besides, after all the efforts, wisdom, and luck, universe supreme masters were able to control the law. They could even make their own laws! As such, they would be suppressed and constrained by the universe.

The universe would take care of a being when it became a universe master from a weaker one. However, universe supreme masters were constrained by the universe—so constrained that they could only wield power slightly stronger than the most powerful universe masters! Regardless, they were so powerful that it was easy for them to resurrect universe overlords.

Besides, if a universe supreme master killed a universe knight or a universe master, they would be punished because universe knights and universe masters were protected by the universe. And the more powerful the knight or master they killed, the more severe the punishment would be.

The punishment of killing a universe overlord was nothing to a universe supreme master. Killing a universe master would be costly.

As for universe masters like Primal Chaos City Leader or Nine Remoteness Master, even universe supreme masters could try to kill them without worrying about the punishment. They wouldn’t be able to do so, as they could only wield limited power.

Luo Feng was dazed. “The universe favors and nourishes everything,” he murmured. “However, after becoming a universe supreme master, one will be suppressed and constrained. And killing universe knights and universe masters is punishable… So bizarre. They’re all lives born in the primal universe, and they’re all nourished and cared for. However, once someone becomes a universe supreme master, he will be suppressed. And each universe supreme master needs to find his own way to make a breakthrough?”

Luo Feng realized that universe supreme masters must have a bigger secret—a secret regarding why the original universe tried to suppress them. However, his access authority was not yet high enough for him to know about this secret.


Chapter 1107: Disguise

Luo Feng leaned back and put his legs on the desk. He kept his eyes closed and reviewed what he had just read about universe masters and universe supreme masters.

“There are differences between the power of universe masters, and it’s difficult for a universe master to kill another one unless there is a huge gap of power between them. As for universe supreme masters, they’re slightly stronger even than the most powerful universe masters, but they’re rare. There is only one universe supreme master within our race, and he is Huge Axe Creator! Besides, if they kill universe masters, they’ll be punished by the universe… Which makes it extremely difficult for universe masters to die!”

Luo Feng nodded. It didn’t necessarily mean that their power prevented them from dying. But apparently, this was one of the reasons it was unlikely. Aside from that, some supreme beings weren’t willing to act on something unless the valuables were attractive enough—such as the fights for true treasures on the original stars. Those were some of the only scenarios that would lead to the deaths of universe masters.

“What should I do? The automaton race, demon race, and bug race asked a universe supreme master to kill me. What should I do?”

Luo Feng kept thinking. Even a fool could tell that Virtual-Real Devil Master had been hired by the bug race, demon race, and automaton race.

“Ancestral God defended me this time. However, he can’t keep being my bodyguard. What am I going to do next time? Although it’s almost impossible for the three races to invite a universe supreme master to attack me again, they might be more well-prepared next time. It’s certainly not outside the realm of possibility.”

Luo Feng frowned. It was tricky. He had a supreme true treasure, Star Tower, and he didn’t need to be afraid of universe supreme masters! But it was also a problem for him! How could he defend himself against a universe supreme master? Was a top-tier universe overlord able to resist a universe supreme master? What a joke! If he did, everyone would be able to figure out that he must own an incredible true treasure; otherwise, there would be no way he could survive against a universe supreme master.

“If a universe supreme master comes to kill me and Ancestral God can’t stop him in time, my secret will be exposed.”

Luo Feng kept thinking. He wouldn’t just die that easily. If pressed, he would fight! And if he survived against a universe supreme master, everyone would figure out that he had an incredible valuable. Besides, the disappearance of Star Tower had led to turmoil in the universe, and if Luo Feng could survive against a universe supreme master, many would surmise that Luo Feng had something to do Star Tower.

“If that happens, I’ll be in deep trouble,” he mumbled. “Perhaps there are quite a few universe supreme masters who have their eyes on Star Tower, and if they speculate that I took it, they’ll come after me. They won’t need the request of the bug race, demon race, or automaton race. Then what would I do? Hide? I’m not going to live in Star Tower forever!”

Luo Feng kept contemplating with his eyes closed.

There are two ways, he decided. One, I hide in the original universe until I become a universe master. However, it is extremely difficult to turn into a universe master from a universe knight. I might not be able to make it even if I spend another 180 million years. Besides, the longer it takes, the more anxious and angrier those three alliances will get. They might even attack my family.

The fight among great beings rarely involved families, but this guideline only applied to the human race! However, killings among races were ruthless, as the ultimate goal was to annihilate the enemy races! They would go to any lengths! Remote Ocean body, who was more powerful than top-tier universe overlords, was guarding Earth, and it was heavily defended. Unless a universe master was sent out…

Second, I can trick them into thinking that I’m a universe master! Luo Feng thought. Why are they so keen to kill me? Because they’re afraid I’ll become a universe master… If they believe I already am a universe master, they’ll regret that they didn’t kill me earlier. Even if they want to ask a universe supreme leader to kill me, they won’t agree to do so as easily, as the punishment for killing a universe master is really heavy.

Two options… Luo Feng immediately eliminated the first possibility, as he didn’t know how long it would take him to become a universe master… Plenty of universe knights remained stuck at the universe-overlord level for an eternity! Besides, he hadn’t even completed the fifth level of the beast god path yet! It’d take him a very long time to complete the seventh level of the beast god path. Besides, Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest also didn’t want him to hide and train himself. Instead, he wanted him to fight to improve himself. He might never become a universe master if he just kept practicing in a safe place.

“I can only choose the second option,” said Luo Feng. “Okay. I’ll disguise myself as a universe master.”

My godly body is very close to that of a universe master.

Based on the information he gathered, a godly body would surge 100 times when someone turned from a universe knight to a universe master, which meant the weakest universe masters’ godly bodies were as powerful as universe knights with life gene level of 10,000 times!

Godly bodies are equal, thought Luo Feng. And my mind and willpower are at universe-master level. So are my techniques. He nodded. I have a pinnacle technique of universe masters, Golden Mountain, and an ultimate technique of universe masters, Golden Light. If I perform these two techniques often, I’ll demonstrate that I have the power of a universe-master! The only weakness is that I’m not able to control a space and time.

Control over space and time could both suppress enemies. And it could also be used to reverse time to resurrect some universe knights and undying fighters.

The fights between universe masters are so intense that control over space and time is useless. It’s only used to restrain the weak. No one will force me to resurrect anyone by turning back time.

“Okay,” Luo Feng said with a nod.

It was completely feasible. The most convincing one was his techniques. He needed to perform his universe-master level techniques Golden Mountain and Golden Light more often to let more supreme beings know. They would quickly see that they were techniques of the universe master level, and engraving-picture path was obviously a secret! Only universe masters were able to create ultimate techniques of universe masters; this was common sense in the original universe—without knowledge of engraving-picture path.

“I can totally do it!” Luo Feng nodded. “I just need to prove it by fighting.”

Since Luo Feng was determined to make all the races in the universe believe that he was a universe master, he needed to prove it in battle! And the fights needed to be credible!

“Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest wanted me to kill ten universe overlords or one universe master, and if I can accomplish that, he’ll make me a pinnacle true treasure. I can’t guarantee that I can kill a universe master, as I’ve never fought one, and I might not be able to control it. I can’t make any mistakes. It needs to be a perfect fight! I need to thrill all the races and convince them that I’m a universe master! I need to let the bug race, the demon race, and the automaton race believe that I’ve become a universe master and that it will be costly to kill me!”

Luo Feng stood up immediately. “Babata!” he shouted.

The intelligent life form answered, “Master?”

“Gather all the information on the top-tier universe overlords from demon race, the automaton race, and the bug race, and the top-tier universe overlords of the alliances they belonged to. I’ll read all the information and pick some to fight.” He had decided to pick from the three races.

“Yes, Master!”

Hua!

After only a short while…

“All the information has been gathered,” said Babata. “The information is very detailed. It includes their past, their fighting records, their power, and the true treasures they have.”

“I’ll read them one by one,” said Luo Feng.

Just when Luo Feng was choosing his prey, he received an email from Primal Chaos City Leader. It simply read, “Come!”

Luo Feng immediately stopped and rushed to the godly palace where Primal Chaos City Leader was staying.

Endless air permeated, and a round table that looked like jade was placed in front of the godly palace. There were two beings sitting there. One of them was Primal Chaos City Leader while the other was a giant man with a dragon tail who wore baggy armor. He sat there like a mountain.

Luo Feng immediately realized that he was also a universe master.

“Luo Feng, this is Long Yan Master,” Primal Chaos City Leader said when he saw Luo Feng.

“Teacher, Long Yan Master.” Luo Feng gave a salutation.

“Luo Feng.” Primal Chaos City Leader turned around. “I called you here for something vital. Based on our intelligence, something big happened in the Ancestral God School. The supreme true treasure Five-Color Aurora Lake suddenly disappeared before it showed itself again, yet no candidates on Redbud Island know what happened. Do you know what that means? That means a space and time were controlled, and none of the great beings knew what happened.”

“Though universe masters are able to control space and time, they’re not capable of doing that,” continued Primal Chaos City Leader. “Only universe supreme masters can! Universe supreme masters cover everything, and that Five-Color Aurora Lake disappeared. It’s likely that a universe supreme master trespassed in the center of the Ancestral God School.”

Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng. “Did that universe supreme master go after you?”


Chapter 1108: Sky Flower Knight

The moment the higher-ups of the human race like Primal Chaos City Leader caught wind of the news, they deduced that the intruder on Redbud Island must have been a universe supreme being, that was the first thought that immediately came to their minds… The bug clan, demon clan, and automaton race already wanted to eliminate Luo Feng, and he was on Redbud Island all this while. When backed into a corner, the three pinnacle races would go for the most reliable method—getting a universe supreme being to do the killing. This was a possibility!

Once they arrived at this conclusion, Primal Chaos City Leader was quite shaken. Fortunately, Luo Feng’s consciousness was always connected to the virtual universe, so Primal Chaos City Leader was aware that Luo Feng was alive! That was when he could calm himself down.

However, Primal Chaos City Leader was also confused… If a universe supreme being was there to kill Luo Feng, then there should not have been any chance of failure unless Luo Feng was fast enough to self-destruct! If killing Luo Feng was not the motive, then what was going on?

“That universe supreme being was Virtual-Real Devil Master,” Luo Feng said in a respectful manner.

“Virtual-real Devil Master?” Long Yan Master and Primal Chaos City Leader were flustered.

“Indeed, he came to Redbud Island to kill me.”

Luo Feng considered for a short while, then decided to tell them the truth. After all, from a normal perspective, he was an up-and-coming great being among the humans; if the bug soldiers, demons, and automaton race were doing all they could to eliminate him, then naturally, the human race would do all they could to protect him.

He was a target for assassination by a universe supreme being, so by right, the human race should be doing something to help him. To depend solely on himself for a hard fight should not be necessary. He would first see what the race would do.

“He was there to kill you?” Primal Chaos City Leader asked with a trace of fervor in his eyes.

“If Virtual-Real Devil Master made a trip personally, how did you manage to escape?” Long Yan Master could not help asking.

Primal Chaos City Leader said, “If Virtual-Real Master was there, given his power, the island master of Redbud Island would not have been able to stop him. As for your Ancestor God from the Ancestral God School, he may not be able to make it in time to stop him… How could you…?”

“Teacher, it was Ancestor God who saved my life,” Luo Feng informed them.

Long Yan Master and Primal Chaos City Leader exchanged eye contact. Both of them had reached a conclusion based on the information they received. Being able to make use of the Five-Color Aurora Lake without being discovered by any of the candidates on Bauhinia Island was a feat that only Ancestor God could achieve. What neither could comprehend was how Ancestor God could have made it there in time to intervene. Battles among the great always happened at breakneck speed!

“If it wasn’t for Ancestor God, I’m afraid…” Luo Feng shook his head as he recalled. “Since the time I gained recognition as a top-tier universe overlord and first arrived at Redbud Island, Ancestor God has been secretly staying in seclusion by my side. For 62 years, he has been my neighbor.”

“Ah.”

“Neighbor?”

Long Yan Master and Primal Chaos City Leader were taken aback, shocked that Ancestor God held Luo Feng with such high regard and was willing to be his bodyguard. He was, after all, the greatest authority in the entire Ancestral God School… This was such a beautiful gesture, for the highest being of the top power of the universe to stay by his side for so long, just to protect him in the dark. It was a gesture that would touch anyone’s heart.

“Where are you now?” Primal Chaos City Leader asked right away.

“For now, I am temporarily out of Redbud Island,” Luo Feng replied.

“You had better not go back yet. The bug soldiers, automaton race, and demons may have failed this time around, but it is hard to say. They may be back anytime.” Primal Chaos City Leader ordered solemnly, “You may go for a silent retreat for now. As to how we should deal with your problems, I need some time to ponder.”

“Noted.”

Luo Feng bowed before the two and within a blink of the eye, vanished into thin air.

Long Yan Master and Primal Chaos City Leader contemplated the problem in silence for some time.

“Primal Chaos City Leader,” Long Yan Master said, finally breaking the silence, “Redbud Island is no safe ground. The three races are determined to kill Luo Feng. Their desire is so strong that it is frightening. Previously, we were just making conjectures, but we had not expected everything to come true. Especially when the opponent was Virtual-Real Devil Master, the one who was most highly-skilled in creating illusions; when used against someone like Luo Feng, who has the talent technique of dividing bodies, his skills would be a most frightening threat.”

“I will inform Huge Axe and gather the universe masters to discuss this matter.” Primal Chaos City Leader could not contain his anxiety any longer.

When all the universe masters of the human race were once again gathered together for a discussion, Luo Feng was back in one of the chambers of his palace, continuing to browse through information on the numerous top-tier universe overlords.

“In my human race, if I count myself, then there will only be four top-tier universe overlords,” he mumbled to himself. “Automaton race has four top-tier universe overlords. The demon clan has a total of 21 top-tier universe overlords. After all, within the demon clan, there are different bloodlines that are ranked on different levels. There are quite a few with the talent technique of dividing bodies, so the number of top-tier universe overlords is quite a lot. The bug clan… it has 81 universe overlords, of which only two are top-tier universe overlords. However, the moment universe overlords of the bug clan make use of the Bug Ocean Combat Tactic, they are comparable to top-tier universe overlords of other races.”

Luo Feng nodded to himself. The bug clan was a frightening presence. The bug Mother Queen alone would only have the combat power at the level of a universe overlord. But she would do all she could to create a clan of bug warriors that were of universe knight level. Although she only had a massive godly body, she could distribute consciously to every warrior, allowing every single one of them to possess extremely powerful combat skills.

“Alliance clan of the automaton race: a total of 12 top-tier universe overlords. Alliance clan of the demon race: a total of 16 top-tier universe overlords. Alliance clan of the bug race: a total of 9 top-tier universe overlords. Who should I choose?”

Luo Feng eliminated the bug clan first. Mother Queen overlord of the bug clan was not a fearsome figure individually, but she could control and manipulate a massive number of bug warriors! Even if he could kill those bug warriors one by one, their queen would still be able to make an unhurried but speedy escape with her warriors warding her off.

The automaton race? It had a total of four top-tier universe overlords, just like the human race previously had a total of three. The true treasures under their possession were extremely powerful! And they were all positioned in restricted grounds of the automaton race, just like how Heaven Erosion Palace Master and Star Prison Devil Master of the human race were in restricted grounds within the human domain.

“Demon clan it shall be,” said Luo Feng. “The demon clan has a great number of top-tier universe overlords, and they are very scattered.” Luo Feng looked at all the information suspended in mid-air and suddenly looked to one set of information, “This is the one. Sky Flower Knight!”

Sky Flower Knight was a top-tier universe overlord of the demon clan. Within the Sky Wolf Clan, he was only second to Sky Wolf Master; he was the pride of the Sky Wolf Clan and was the special disciple of Sky Wolf Master. He was also the disciple of the clan’s “Dream Demon Ancestor.”

“Sky Flower Knight? Sky Wolf Master?” Luo Feng laughed lightheartedly.

He recalled that unforgettable time where he had attempted to make it out of Ice Hell. That almighty Sky Wolf Master had attempted to kill him. Fortunately, Primal Chaos City Leader Teacher had appeared and had come to his rescue!

“Sky Flower Knight, just your luck,” said Luo Feng. “You are the chosen one.”

After he had decided on his prey, Sky Flower Knight, Luo Feng started searching for various detailed information to devise his plot. He looked into the true treasures, techniques, and related information to understand his own powers, and also, he looked into possible places of residence!

While Luo Feng was planning, he received a call from Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Luo Feng. Come to primal chaos ruins to meet me.”

“Yes, Teacher.”

Luo Feng put everything aside. Since it was a command from his teacher, he wasted no time in making a speedy departure from his god country. He arrived at the headquarters of the Virtual Universe Company, boarded a planet ship, and traveled through the universe tunnel to arrive at Primal Chaos City.

Walking within the palace, every guard that he met along the way was very respectful.

In the middle of the vast primal chaos ruins, Primal Chaos City Leader sat cross-legged as he waited for Luo Feng. When Luo Feng was near him, he opened his eyes.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng gave a slight bow.

Hua.

With a wave, Primal Chaos City Leader threw something in the form of a ray of light that flew toward Luo Feng. Luo Feng caught the ray with one hand and looked down to see a triangular crystal in his palm. It was like an amethyst, with beautiful, ancient yet simple floral patterns; the crystal exuded a strangely attractive charm.

“This is a senior soul type true treasure that is more superior than those on the same level,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Its original name is ‘Afterimage.’”

“Afterimage?” said Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was stunned. Previously, when he traded for the top-tier true treasure blade, “Ghost Blade,” he had scanned the catalog of items for trade. With his photographic memory, he would have naturally remembered everything that he had seen on the list after just one look. He clearly recalled that within one of the columns for soul type true treasures, Afterimage had been worth a total of 620 true treasure points!

Senior soul type true treasures were much more valuable than the ordinary top-tier true treasure weapons. For top-tier true treasure blades, normally 80 true treasure points would suffice. However, senior soul type true treasures would at least require 200 to 300 true treasure points. Afterimage was a notch higher than them all, reaching a value of 620 true treasure points. Of course, if it were a top-tier soul type true treasure, its value would be much higher, as it was equivalent to weapons like Thousand Treasure River and Blade River Luo, which would usually require a few thousand true treasure points.

“Teacher…” Luo Feng raised his head to look at Primal Chaos City Leader.

Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “This is not from me. It is what our entire race is giving you. Of all our senior soul type true treasures, this is the best of the best. Afterimage. Its value is worth a few pieces of top-tier true treasure weapons! This is a final decision the race made upon learning that Virtual-Real Devil Master is hunting you down. We are giving you Afterimage to guard your soul.”

“Your willpower and consciousness have reached the level of a universe master,” Primal Chaos City Leader continued, “while Afterimage is one of the best senior soul type true treasures. Even if you were to cross paths with Virtual-Real Devil Master again, with Afterimage to guard your soul, at least your soul cannot be permeated and thereby controlled by another soul. You can still calmly self-destruct.”

Luo Feng nodded. Indeed, if it was a true top-tier universe overlord —and even if his soul was protected by a true treasure—in the face of a universe supreme being, there was still no means of escape. Normally, universe overlords in such a situation would choose to self-destruct. Being able to self-destruct was considered a form of success…

But Luo Feng was different. He had the supreme true treasure Star Tower and the pinnacle true treasure Force Armor to protect his body.

Luo Feng was still filled with gratitude. “Thank you, Teacher,” he said. He was indeed short of a soul type true treasure.

He might have Star Tower, but… both his original earthling body and his Golden Horned Beast body required a soul type true treasure. Upon gaining Afterimage, Luo Feng decided right away.

Afterimage shall be used by my original earthling body, who used to have Force Armor, which in turn has the efficacy of weakening soul attacks. Afterimage and Force Armor shall work together… This would make them comparable to a top-tier soul type true treasure! Then, even if I’m being attacked by Virtual-Real Devil Master, I will not be afraid of being unable to ward off his attacks.

Golden Horned Beast body has Star Tower. It has more than enough clout. If I were to venture out in the name of Blood Cloud Palace Master, at least I won’t be putting the great name of Blood Cloud Palace Master to shame.

Luo Feng secretly made this decision. This treasure’s arrival was timely.

Afterimage required 620 true treasure points. If Luo Feng were to contribute all of his remaining true treasures, he would still only have been able to obtain a fraction of this amount.

“With this true treasure, you can venture out to roam the universe,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “After all, it will not be that easy for the other three races like the bug soldiers to enlist the help of a universe supreme being again. You need not be overly worried.” He continued solemnly. “With the level of power you have now, you should be honing your skills through combat; the birth of universe masters has always been achieved through the tough training from battles. Just working hard in cultivation does not help one in becoming a universe master. You should go now.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng bowed and left right away.


Chapter 1109: Start

Luo Feng went back to his god country after leaving the original universe. The waves were churning. Above the boundless Remote Ocean floated a godly palace enveloped by a dim light.

Luo Feng stood on the square in front of the godly palace with the towering Golden Horned Beast beside him. A nine-story ancient tower showed up on his hand and flew toward Golden Horned Beast.

“From now on, Golden Horned Beast will use Star Tower!” he said. “The original earthling body uses Shi Wu Wings, Force Armor, and Afterimage.”

Luo Feng nodded. This was indeed the best arrangement, as Golden Horned Beast had a second identity, “Blood Cloud Palace Leader,’ and had the Blood Cloud Pearl to disguise himself. Blood Cloud Palace was able to change someone’s aura, along with the shape of true treasures. Although it was difficult to determine its level, it took Sitting Mountain Guest a long time and lots of energy to make it.

Star Tower would shrink during regular fights, but anyone who paid attention could tell the secret if it was enlarged. However, Blood Cloud Tower was able to completely change the look of Star Tower, so nobody would be able to identify it.

“Teacher Primal Chaos City Leader also said that training alone won’t make a universe master, and he also wants me to sharpen myself in combat as Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest does.” Luo Feng nodded.

In a pavilion in the virtual universe, the servants of Luo’s family prepared delicious meals. Luo Feng and Kuang Zhou Knight sat face-to-face with each other.

Kuang Zhou Knight felt a bit awkward, and he said, “Blade River, you don’t need to prepare the wine or meals if you want my help. Just tell me what you want. I’ll do everything.”

Kuang Zhou Knight was not stupid. Luo Feng could already rival Heavenly Erosion Palace Leader, Ancestral Tree Knight, and Star Prison Devil Master. All the universe knights in the race wanted to be friends with him.

“Indeed, I need to ask you a favor.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Just tell me,” said Kuang Zhou Knight. “I’m just afraid that I might not do a good job.”

“It’s simple,” said Luo Feng. “Help me find the coordinates of Sky Flower Knight from the demon race.”

Beings like Heavenly Erosion Palace Leader and Star Prison Devil Master rarely showed up on the open-air bar, and neither did Luo Feng, as he didn’t have much time for such things.

“Find him?” Kuang Zhou Knight’s eyes gleamed. “Rest assured. I’m the best at gathering information.”

Luo Feng smiled and nodded. Usually, great beings would block their conversations if they were talking about important issues, which was why it was difficult to gather information. And this was when connections came in handy. Kuang Zhou Knight was known for his ability to gather information, as he had a tremendous number of friends.

“Sky Flower Knight should be on the original stars.” Kuang Zhou Knight smiled. “Actually, most of the top-tier universe overlords of the demon race are adventuring the original stars. I heard that Sky Flower Knight showed up on Original Star Number 02002 more than 1,000 years ago. However, you should know that top-tier universe overlords usually act alone, and he left very quickly. I didn’t collect any information on him after that. I guess he’s on one of the original stars.”

Luo Feng nodded. “Thank you so much.”

“Not at all. Just come and find me whenever you need more information.”

Kuang Zhou Knight knew that the more favors he did for Luo Feng, the closer they would be! All the universe knights knew that Ganwu Universe Country Master’s debts were automatically paid off because he was the teacher of Luo Feng’s son.

“I’ll go collect other information.” Kuang Zhou Knight smiled.

Luo Feng nodded, and Kuang Zhou Knight disappeared.

Luo Feng knew that it was difficult to track down a supreme being. If he kept hiding—like Luo Feng hid from the demon race, the automaton race, and the bug race—it would take forever to find him. Fortunately, Sky Flower Knight wasn’t hiding deliberately. Instead, he was still adventuring the original stars… It might take a while to find him, but it would take that long.

“I’ll keep training on Redbud Island,” said Luo Feng.

He was calm and confident, and his original earthling body went back to Redbud Island and started to train himself. He went to the land of inheritance after more than two months.

On Redbud Island.

“Look.”

“It’s Luo Feng.”

“Luo Feng’s going to land of inheritance again.

The candidates immediately took notes and reported them back to their races.

Three beings arrived at a starry sky and twisted the space around it as if they were in another dimension: a giant, oval-shaped phantom, a breathtaking being, and a gigantic, silver snake head surrounded by countless snake-like shadows.

“What happened, Automaton?” the breathtaking being grunted.

“Didn’t you ask Virtual-Real Devil Master to kill him?” The silver snake head also said in anger

After Virtual-Real Devil Master failed to kill Luo Feng in the center of the Ancestral God School, he had never contacted Father God of the Automaton race. Father God was patient enough as a universe supreme master, and he didn’t push him. Instead, he tried to figure out what information the human race had.

In the past two months… Luo Feng had shown up in Primal Chaos City and entered City Leader Palace, and almost no one knew it. Although there were spies of the automaton race in PrimalChaos City, nobody had noticed that Luo Feng had entered the City Leader Palace and left.

No one had been certain of his fate until this time… When Luo Feng showed up on Redbud Island, that was when all the three pinnacle races knew that Luo Feng was still alive!

“I asked Virtual-Real Devil Master to kill him,” the phantom said. “You all know Virtual-Real Devil Master. He’ll be upset if I keep pushing him. I just went to ask him what happened after learning that Luo Feng was still alive.”

“What happened?” asked the silver snake head.

The breathtaking being also stared at the black oval.

The four pinnacle races had been fighting each other for an eternity, and the three other races had formed a temporary alliance because of their common enemy: Luo Feng. The relationship among them was sour.

“Virtual-Real Devil Master said he immediately started the killing attempt after arriving at Redbud Island,” the phantom said, “but he didn’t expect Double-Face Ancestral God to be living beside Luo Feng and secretly protecting him. The Ancestral God counter-attacked the second he attacked.”

“Ancestral God?”

“Double-Face Ancestral God?”

Both the silver snake head and the breathtaking being were shocked.

“Ancestral God’s been protecting him secretly?” The breathtaking being’s voice was mesmerizing. “How is that possible?”

“That was what happened,” said the black oval.

“We can ask him to do it again,” said the silver head. “He’s received our gift, and he needs to finish it. Besides, do you really think Double-Face Ancestral God will protect that Luo Feng again? Ask Virtual-Real Devil Master to do that again! He’ll definitely succeed.”

“Dream Tea!” the black phantom yelled. “All the true treasures we contributed combined are only worth a pinnacle true treasure weapon! Who do you think Virtual-Real Devil Master is? He’s the most terrifying being even in the Universe Ocean! Do you really think he’ll do it again? It’ll be provoking the Ancestral God School if he does it twice! Do you really think one pinnacle true treasure can compel him to become an enemy of the Ancestral God School?”

“Unfortunately, he failed,” said the silver head.

“Virtual-Real Devil Master said he had tried his best,” said the black phantom, “but he was still suppressed by the universe. What he’s done is worthy of a pinnacle true treasure.”

Both the breathtaking being and the silver snake head went silent. Virtual-Real Devil Master was indeed an exceptional being. He was a lone universe supreme master, and no powers dared to mess with him. Besides, he had a supreme true treasure to protect him! He and that smiley, conniving Sitting Mountain Guest were two beings who were hated by all the powers in the universe, and none of the powers could do anything to them.

“Then what should we do?” said the breathtaking being.

“Luo Feng showed up on Redbud Island again,” said the silver snake head. “If we hire another universe supreme master but Ancestral God is secretly protecting him, we’ll be squandering true treasures.”

Both the breathtaking being and silver snake head had responsibilities to their races, and they were unwilling to waste their true treasures.

The black phantom said, “Just wait and see. Double-Face Ancestral God won’t be able to protect him forever. We can invite a universe supreme master later!”

“We need to wait.”

“Who should we ask next time?”

“I’ll suggest Sitting Mountain Guest. He’s incomparably cunning and proficient in soul attacks. I think he’ll do a better job than Virtual-Real Devil Master.”

“The conditions of Sitting Mountain Guest might be more demanding.”

“We have to try.”

“Just wait. Empress, can you go talk to Sitting Mountain Guest? You’re the closest to him.”

After a short while, they reached a consensus, and all the three being disappeared. The sky went back to being peaceful.

On Redbud Island.

It had been a year since Virtual-Real Devil Master came to kill Luo Feng, and Luo Feng had finished comprehending the fifth level of the beast god path. He had started the sixth level, and he found it extremely intricate and broad. However, after finishing the fifth level, Luo Feng had a more solid foundation, which made it easier for him to create techniques. He easily created a pinnacle technique of universe masters named “Golden River.”

An email interrupted Luo Feng’s training on Bauhinia Island: “Blade River! Blade River! I’ve found where Sky Flower Knight is.”


Chapter 1110: The Melee

In the virtual universe, Thunder Island, Luo Feng sat in the study of his palace.

A large screen that was suspended in midair listed detailed information about the latest updates on Sky Flower Knight’s movements and the coordinates of his current whereabouts.

“Original Star Number 02933.” Luo Feng revealed a trace of a smile. “Sky Flower Knight seems to be having quite a few rewarding years recently. Just based on what great beings of various races have heard, he obtained a senior true treasure and close to ten ordinary true treasures. Sky Flower Knight, if you have taken these true treasures back to where your demon clan is, then count yourself lucky. If not… all of these shall be mine.”

His consciousness may have been connected to the virtual universe, but the moment Luo Feng’s original earthling body caught wind of the news, he left Redbud Island immediately. He used god country transportation and returned to his god country. This was because he needed to bring his Golden Horned Beast body with him.

“This time around, we are going to the original star. Original star, where even universe masters and universe supreme beings are unable to teleport, and within it… Even if I were to be discovered, or the other races are after my life, I will still have to fly slowly.”

Luo Feng nodded to himself, at other places, the moment his whereabouts were discovered, his enemies might appear very soon, but on the Original Star, it would be difficult for them to reach him that quickly.

“But, that is still an original star! This is a place where billions of great beings gather. I must stay vigilant.”

“This concerns my battle to fame.” Luo Feng would be giving his all, with Golden Horned Beast and Mosha bodies, he started making his way to the original star.

First, Luo Feng entered Original Star Number 03921. In the star, he flew alone for about half a day, then reached the whirlpool leading to Original Star Number 02933. After deliberation, he discovered that this was the fastest way of arriving at this Original Star.

In the sky above the vast ocean of Original Star Number 02933 was a gigantic whirlpool tunnel, and a burly, flaming figure flew through it at that moment. He was around 30 feet tall and black all over, and every inch of his godly body was spurting flames periodically.

“I have reached the original star.”

Luo Feng looked at his flaming body and laughed. He was in the form of his Mosha body as he rushed his way here and had allowed his Mosha body to display its talent technique of Replication, where it replicated a certain universe overlord out of the various special life forms under Blood Cloud Palace’s command. The other universe overlords had their merits too, but a universe overlord sporting just one head with a pair of hands and legs was hard to come by; Luo Feng was still used to human form. Behind him, he carried a long battle sword that was around 18 feet long. This true treasure sword was none other than “Bo He.”

Sou!

With his blade behind him, the burly, flaming body swept across space at high speed, flew across the ocean, and arrived at an area that consisted of more lands. Then he flew high in the skies enveloping a vast swamp area. He continued flying for around a day when he started to approach a location with coordinates provided by Kuang Zhou Knight.

“It should be here.”

Although he had been in flight for a whole day, Luo Feng was still unsettled at heart. Luo Feng started to slow down while observing his surroundings. Kuang Zhou Knight had provided him with the coordinates of Sky Flower Knight’s whereabouts discovered by a great being from the Hong Alliance, but that had been discovered three days ago. After three days, there were bound to be changes. He watched carefully along the way.

After half an hour, Luo Feng landed in a small lake within the swamp. The moment his feet touched the water’s surface, the flames encircling his ankles created hissing, chi, chi sounds as the flames were distinguished and smoke started to rise from the lake water.

“Nothing? He’s not here?” Luo Feng frowned. “I have scoured the entire area of this domain, but still, I do not see Sky Flower Knight.”

Sou!

Luo Feng soared high into the sky, and into the extreme limits of space. Then he regained flying at a high speed as he started conducting another round of search on a much larger scale. After all, it had only been three days since the great being from the Hong Alliance had spotted Sky Flower Knight. In those three days, Sky Flower Knight would not have time to leave this original star. He had to still be in the area.

Luo Feng expanded his area of search in a circular manner. When he was half an hour into his search, he suddenly detected a unique aura approaching and spreading out in all directions. This threw Luo Feng —who was preoccupied with his search—off-guard in surprise. He had been roaming and wandering about the original stars, so he was experienced enough to be able to tell that this was the aura of an emerging treasure.

“What a strong aura!” said Luo Feng. “Very strong. It must be a true treasure, and possibly a senior true treasure. To think I came here in search for Sky Flower Knight and have coincidentally been met with the birth of a true treasure!”

Luo Feng laughed. Then his eyes lit up. “That’s right, discovering the birth of a true treasure. If I have sensed it, then Sky Flower Knight will discover it too, if he is in the vicinity! Then he will be rushing over as fast as he can… Hahaha…!”

Sou!

Luo Feng made an arc in the sky as he changed course to head off toward where the source of aura was detected, flying at breakneck speed.

As the aura started to spread, those who were nearer to where the birth had taken place would naturally discover it first. “It’s a true treasure. It must be the birth of a senior true treasure!”

“Quick!”

“Let’s hurry over.”

“Such a strong true treasure aura! Quick! As fast as we can! We will earn a fortune if we can get it.”

“Let’s hope we are the first to make it there.”

Those who were slightly further away were late to discover it. Yet regardless of earlier or later, countless teams of knights from top powers of the universe—as well as lone wanderers such as universe overlords and top-tier universe overlords—all rushed over to the source of the aura as fast as they could.

“Haha! My luck is good. I managed to chance upon the birth of a senior true treasure. This aura is definitely one of a senior true treasure!” Exuding an overbearing bloody aura, this great being grinned. He was of a race that sported a huge, blood-red eye vertically in the middle of his face, was covered with snow-white hair, and walked with a crooked back.

He was none other than Sky Flower Knight! A sky wolf who once managed to soul transfer with a special life-form!

“Previously, to trade for true treasure White Needle, I contributed almost all of my other true treasures to the race,” he said. “How poor I am. Now that a senior true treasure has emerged… Hmm-hmm. The more powerful the true treasure, the slower its birth will be. By the time I rush over, I think it may not have fully emerged. This treasure is mine.”

Sky Flower Knight gave a shrill laugh. At the same time, he transformed into light and dashed toward the source of the aura.

Teams, lone wanderers, or small groups of threes and fives all rushed over to the source of the aura.

Hong!

Hong!

A crazy surge of energy spread outward in all directions in a wave. Luo Feng had not reached the destination but could already feel the strong energy waves spreading.

Seems like the battle has already begun for this true treasure, thought Luo Feng.

At this moment, Remote Ocean’s consciousness, which was constantly connected to the virtual universe, received a message Kuang Zhou Knight had just sent over.

“Blade River, Blade River! Original Star Number 02933, which was the location of the coordinates I have previously provided you with— there is fighting going on at a location not far from that place. There are powerfully strong waves. Sky Flower Knight is over there right now and is fighting a battle.”

“He is really there!”

Luo Feng could not contain his delight and continued heading towards the source of the aura. At a far distance away, there was a vast and spacious forest, and the battle was going on in that very forest. One look at the groups of knights from various races suspended in midair, and Luo Feng easily counted over 20.

He flew high up into the sky of the vast, spacious forest and looked down from where he was. There were three figures below him. One was a figure covered in snow-white hair who looked exceptionally violent. His hands were holding two heavenly hammers, and with a formidable stance, he charged toward the other two great beings without inhibitions. The other two knights, with equally big godly bodies, were also holding their true treasures and retaliating.

Luo Feng looked down and nodded his head. Demon clan: Sky Flower Knight. Nine Territory Alliance: Zha Wei Horde Leader and Thousand Shadow Knight. No wonder no one is willing to give in. It turns out there are two universe overlords.

Sky Flower Knight may have been strong, but he was only strong in terms of his life gene level, which was as high as around 2,000 times. Zha Wei horde leader and Thousand Island Knight’s life gene levels were both 100 times. Their powers were obviously inferior by one level. However, they both had relatively large godly bodies, so the only disadvantage they had was that one level of difference. Zha Wei horde leader was a fighter while Thousand Shadow Knight was a Spirit Reader.

With both working hand-in-hand, they definitely made a worthy fight.

They were not keen on defeating Sky Flower Knight; they only wanted to buy some time, so that when the true treasure was fully emerged, they would be the first to snatch it away. Now that the senior true treasure, a blue-colored true treasure heavenly hammer, was already halfway out. The handle of the hammer was already fully exposed. The hammer’s head was gradually emerging too.

“One top-tier universe overlord and two universe overlords. The true treasure will definitely be taken by either one of them. Just my luck. If there was only one universe overlord, I would still take the gamble. But three of them, one of whom is one top-tier universe overlord…”

High up in the sky, some other knights of different races were shaking their heads helplessly, not daring to intervene. Under Sky Flower Knight’s attacks, Zha Wei horde leader and Thousand Shadow Knight could still put up a tough fight. As for them, mere universe knights, trying to fight him was rushing to their doom!

Luo Feng was suspended high up in the air, looking down in silence.

“Who is that?” someone said.

“Not someone I know of, but his aura is pretty strong. And he is a lone wanderer, so it’s highly possible that he is a universe overlord.”

“Seems like this universe overlord is waiting for an opportunity.”

All the knights of different races started discussing among themselves. They were aware that from this level of fighting for the treasure, there would be no chance for them—mere knights—to intervene at all!

“Zha Wei Horde Leader and Thousand Shadow Knight… both of you want to snatch my treasure away?” Sky Flower Knight roared. The blood-red vertical eye was incomparably fearsome and insane. “The true treasure that emerged this time is a heavenly hammer true treasure. Heavenly hammer is the weapon I wield, so this should belong to me. With the two of you trying to back me into a corner, do not blame me for not showing mercy!”

“What bullsh*t! Both of us may not be your match, but if you think you can kill us easily, dream on.”

“Should we both fear you?”

Zha Wei Horde Leader and Thousand Shadow Knight were extremely crazy. Zha Wei Horde Leader never failed to put up tough resistance, while Thousand Island Knight would use his spiritual force to transform 1,000 phantoms that could envelop all of heaven and earth, thus pestering Sky Flower Knight into a crazy frenzy. Sky Flower Knight could only use his huge hammer to blast away their attacks. Yet Zha Wei Horde Leader and Thousand Shadow Knight were not in a hurry at all. They were both waiting for an opportunity —waiting for the moment the true treasure was fully emerged, when they would snatch it away immediately.

Time passed by. The three were in a continual state of crossfire, while the other knights high above watched without daring to intervene. Luo Feng, too, watched silently.

“Almost.”

“The true treasure will soon be born.”

The eyes of Zha Wei Horde Leader and Thousand Shadow Knight lit up.

“Thousand Island, our last chance. All depends on you.”

“Leave it to me!” Thousand Shadow Knight said, his eyes filled with insanity.

When it was time to fight, he just had to fight like crazy. Treasures had to be fought for.

“Wanting this for yourselves is wishful thinking!” Sky Flower Knight roared.

He made his way toward the treasure. He did not want to be so far away from it, but Zha Wei Horde Leader and Thousand Shadow Knight were attacking aggressively. Their might was overwhelming. Every attack would end up with both sides retreating violently.

And while they fought, Luo Feng had been gradually descending toward them…

“The treasure is born!”

“It’s born!”

In a split second, every knight in the air was electrified with excitement.

Hua!

Sky Flower Knight, Zha Wei Horde Leader, and Thousand Shadow Knight all reacted as one; at the same time, they noticed a figure already swooping down from midair.


Chapter 1111: The Power of One Blade Attack

Zha Wei Horde Leader, Thousand Shadow Knight, Sky Flower Knight, and Luo Feng had surrounded that godly hammer with their godly power. When that blue hammer showed up, all of them wanted to penetrate their godly power to make it recognize them as its master. However, none of them succeeded because of what happened with Seal Star. The sealing life imprint could not be disturbed.

“Another asshole!” Sky Flower Knight roared. “Scram!”

“Don’t think about it!” said Thousand Shadow Knight and moved all his 1,000 phantoms toward Sky Flower Knight, trying to stop him.

“Break!”

Sky Flower Knight waved his godly hammer and smashed all the phantoms. Those phantoms were actually flying blades with engravings on all of them. Law threads started to connect with each other, and the 1,000 blades became one. Although each of the flying blades was only a treasure, all of them combined made a senior true treasure!

Hua!

Luo Feng duplicated himself as well. One of them was a fiery towering being transformed from Mosha body while the other was the real Luo Feng, who broke out of a world ring. Luo Feng had 10,000 world rings like that; after all, world energies were useless when it came to actual fighting, and the best way to show up was to break out of a world ring. To Luo Feng, breaking out of a world ring could smash the sky and land.

Hong! Long! Long!

Golden waves began tumbling and covered the vast forest. Zha Wei Horde Leader, Thousand Shadow Knight, and Sky Flower Knight were all affected by the resistance from the golden river, which sharply slowed them down. The nine strange beasts were surrounding the godly hammer in the boundless golden river.

All was silent! Sky Flower Knight, Zha Wei Horde Leader, and Thousand Shadow Knight all stopped. The 30 universe knights of other races were all looking down, dazed. They thought the four great beings might fight each other to the death, but they hadn’t expected one of them to have a domain type true treasure.

“That is…”

“Nine Tiger River!”

“It’s Nine Tiger River! Luo Feng’s Nine Tiger River!”

“The domain type true treasure, Nine Tiger River! Luo Feng’s here!”

All the universe knights of other races were shocked.

A silver-armored and silver-winged youngster was walking on the golden waves. It was the human, Luo Feng!

“Luo Feng!”

“It’s Luo Feng!”

Sky Flower Knight, Zha Wei Horde Leader, and Thousand Shadow Knight were all dazed. They never would have expected the legendary Luo Feng to come and take advantage in the end.

The waves were churning. The nine strange beasts surrounded the godly hammer and delivered it to Luo Feng. He took the godly hammer, and Mosha body went back to the world ring.

“You fought so hard, but sorry,” said Luo Feng. “I’ll take the true treasure.”

Luo Feng’s godly body isolated himself from all the godly power outside and easily made the godly hammer recognize him as its master.

“Quick, let’s go!”

“Let’s go!”

“It’s Luo Feng. We’ll die if we don’t leave soon enough!”

All the great beings of other races started to flee.

Even Thousand Shadow Knight and Zha Wei Horde Leader exchanged panic-stricken eye contact. Luo Feng was too famous, and he had killed universe overlords before! Several universe overlords had died at his hands. Lives always came first. They both broke out of the waves and flew away.

The moment Luo Feng showed himself, all the universe knights, including the two universe overlords, flew away. And only that top-tier universe overlord Sky Flower Knight was still glaring at Luo Feng in the waves.

“Human Luo Feng!” Sky Flower Knight roared. “You dare to show up on the original stars!”

“Why not?” Luo Feng chuckled in the waves. He knew that Sky Flower knight and other races would report to the powers behind them once he showed up. However, it was all part of his plan. “Wonderful.”

Sky Flower bent, and the sole red eye under the snowy hair looked madder. “Perhaps they’re afraid of you, but I’m not! You’re a joke to me!”

Indeed, he didn’t fear Luo Feng at all. He had a life gene level of 2,000 times. And also… he had a much larger godly body than Luo Feng and a great advantage even if they were at a stalemate.

“A joke?” Luo Feng grabbed the handle of the Blood Ghost Blade on his back. He strolled over with the blade. “I’ve killed universe overlords before, but I’ve never killed a top-tier universe overlord! I heard that even universe masters find it difficult to kill top-tier universe overlords. I want to try.”

“You want to kill me?” Sky Flower Knight’s eye went wide, as if he just heard the greatest joke in his life.

Luo Feng nodded, and his voice resounded. “Yes, I want to kill you.”

The universe knights of other races who had flown out of Nine Tiger River were all watching from a distance. They didn’t need to be afraid of Luo Feng as long as they were far enough from him. They wouldn’t miss a fight between two top-tier universe overlords.

All of them were startled when they heard what Luo Feng said.

“Haha! What a joke!” roared Sky Flower Knight. “Even universe masters can’t guarantee to kill me, let alone you! Luo Feng! I’ll let show you how powerful a top-tier universe overlord actually is!”

Sky Flower Knight dashed at Luo Feng with a godly hammer in each of his hands.

Luo Feng held the Blood Ghost Blade and smiled.

All the universe knights of other races were watching the fight closely. They got close to each other quickly. 60,000 miles, 30,000 miles…

He!

Suddenly, Luo Feng stopped smiling. Instead, his eyes started to glint ferociously like an actual beast god. He shot forward like lightning. He lost his calmness and exploded like a volcano. He was much more forceful than his opposition!

The godly hammer and Blood Ghost Blade hit one another.

Hong! Long!

Luo Feng backed down three steps, while Sky Flower Knight bounced away, yet he turned around in the sky and stopped.

“No wonder you were able to kill a universe overlord,” said Sky Flower Knight. “You’re indeed more powerful than me! But not by much! You can’t even completely suppress me!”

Sky Flower Knight had expected Luo Feng to be a bit more powerful than him. After all, Luo Feng could easily kill a universe overlord, which was something he found difficult to do. Yet Sky Flower Knight now determined that Luo Feng was only slightly stronger than him.

“Really?” said Luo Feng.

He held the Blood Ghost Blade in his hand and walked toward Sky Flower Knight on the waves. He had only performed the ultimate technique of a universe overlord, “Level Mountain,” and it was as powerful as the technique Sky Flower Knight had.

“Haha! I’ll see how long your godly body can last!” Sky Flower Knight took large steps forward, and the space was trembling.

Luo Feng’s eyes glinted coldly. He was just warming himself up, trying to test the power of Sky Flower Knight. He concluded that he wouldn’t be able to kill Sky Flower Knight in short time if he used Golden Mountain and Golden River. He had to perform the ultimate technique of universe masters: Golden Light!

All the universe knights were watching the fight.

Zha Wei Horde Leader said, “Top-tier universe overlords are not only skilled; they have strong godly bodies too. Luo Feng can only be at a slight advantage. If they keep fighting, the human Luo Feng might actually…”

Suddenly, he was dazed.

All the 30-something universe knights who were talking quietly were dazed. Below them, a golden light shone—a gleaming golden glow! Sharp and cold!

Peng!

The godly hammer Sky Flower knight was wielding fell on his own body under the attack from the blade. The force from the blade’s attack hit the senior true treasure armor and reached the limit of the armor. Sky Flower Knight could hear the humming from the armor.

“How…?” Sky Flower Knight’s eyes glinted with shock and fear.

Hong! Long! Long!

Sky Flower Knight bounced back. He was powerless under that shock wave.

“11 percent gone?” he gasped. “How? Is he a universe master? Is he a universe master already?”

Sky Flower Knight was shocked to his very core. His godly body was almost 60,000 miles tall! Yet one attack took away 11 percent of his godly body. This was something that could only be accomplished by universe masters!

Luo Feng had needed two attacks to kill Para-chopper Knight. Sky Flower Knight had a senior true treasure armor, but his godly power he was 20 times more powerful than Para-chopper Knight’s!

However, Luo Feng’s godly power had become 100 times more powerful after becoming a universe knight! And the weapon he used had changed from Cutting Pearl Blade to a top-tier true treasure weapon, Blood Ghost Blade. Hence, a senior true treasure armor was significantly weaker.

One attack consumed 11 percent of his godly body.

Meanwhile, all the universe knights could sense that the force of Sky Flower Knight had weakened by at least by 10 percent!

“One attack consumed 10 percent of a top-tier universe overlord’s body?”

They were all stupefied. This was something only universe masters were capable of doing!


Chapter 1112: When the Wind Blows

When two beings of comparable powers were pitted against one another, the rebound force during a head-on confrontation would normally cause Luo Feng to reduce speed or fall backward. Yet, at that very moment, the difference was extreme!

Luo Feng was using his ultimate technique of a universe master level as though he was truly a universe master. After one strike, he was hot on Sky Flower Knight’s heels right away, dealing another strike to the godly body of his opponent, which was already thrown a distance away!

Not good, thought Sky Flower Knight. One strike after the another, in nine strikes, I will be completely annihilated.

Sky Flower Knight no longer had the time to feel shocked over the fact that Luo Feng had become a universe master. To him, the utmost concern at the moment was escaping for dear life.

“White needle!”

Right behind Sky Flower Knight, a huge, white, shuttle-shaped object suddenly appeared. It was approximately 600 miles long, all white, and was extremely shiny and smooth. It took the shape of a shuttle, and once it appeared, it flew straight toward Sky Flower Knight, who happened to accelerate in the direction of the shuttle-shaped object upon receiving a second strike from Luo Feng. He immediately aimed for the entrance and inserted himself into the white shuttle-shaped object. After entering the flying shuttle, Sky Flower Knight heaved a sigh of relief.

“I was almost killed by Luo Feng,” he said. Sky Flower Knight’s blood-red eye behind his snow-white hair was filled with trepidation. “Too powerful! When Luo Feng first started using his power, it was only a fragment of his full power. He is holding back on what he truly is capable of! Thereafter, that explosive display of power… It was totally on the level of a universe master!”

“Scheming!” continued Sky Flower Knight. “He is so scheming! That one strike… It was so fast I didn’t have time to dodge, so strong I didn’t have the power to ward off, and so mysterious that it was unfathomable. I shall never be able to comprehend it. This is the technique of a universe master, and I’m afraid it might be the ultimate technique of a universe master. Only a universe master will be capable of creating such a technique, and only a universe master is capable of injuring me! This Luo Feng must have become a universe master and kept it under wraps!”

Sky Flower Knight was anxious yet getting emotional.

“Luckily, when I was contributing valuables to the race, I chose ‘White Needle’ during the exchange of true treasure and not the top-tier true treasure armor.”

Sky Flower Knight sighed to himself. As a top-tier universe knight, his wealth was far more sizable than an ordinary universe overlord after countless years of accumulation; furthermore, he had wandered about the Universe Ocean for a long time. There were many kinds of treasures, and during the opening of the Original Star this time, he naturally wanted to exchange with his race to earn an important true treasure for self-protection. At that time, he’d had two choices, one was to exchange for a top-tier true treasure armor (in the human race, 100 true treasure points would suffice); or two, to change for a senior flying-palace type true treasure (in the human race, the minimum amount for this would be around 200 true treasure points).

Obviously, a flying-palace type true treasure was more expensive! But he had gritted his teeth and made the decision to pay the price for that flying-palace type true treasure.

“I made the right choice,” he said. “If I had chosen the top-tier true treasure armor, my defense may have been strong, but Luo Feng’s attacks were scary. Even with a top-tier true treasure armor, one strike would be able to injure me by at least a fraction of 1,000th. This Luo Feng had me backed into a corner. Should I have been strike 1,000 times, I would have had no chance of escaping annihilation.”

Sky Flower Knight heaved a sigh of relief as he hid in his flying-palace type true treasure. Here, he was safe and did not need to feel scared.

Nine Tiger River was mighty and majestic. Luo Feng stood on its golden waves and looked afar at the white, flying shuttle that was hovering in mid-air. His expression changed involuntarily. “A flying-palace type true treasure!”

“Haha! Luo Feng!” a voice said, transmitted from the white flying shuttle. “I admire you. You are absolutely a genius, and out of all the billions of races in this vast universe, you are indeed the cream of the crop. Within such a short period of time, when other great beings have thought of you as a top-tier universe overlord, they would never have suspected that you had already become a universe master! If not for this flying-palace type true treasure, I think today would have been my last. Hahaha…! But now, I think it is just your luck!”

“Just my luck?” Luo Feng said, glaring at that white flying shuttle. “Furious? Very angry?” Sky Flower Knight’s shrill voice mocked, transmitted over from that white flying shuttle. “But what can you do to me when I am in this flying palace? Even if you were tens or hundreds of times stronger, the most you could do would be to stare helplessly.”

Luo Feng did feel that he had made a blunder! He had made elaborate preparations for the “Battle to Fame” this time. He had devised counteractions for various possible unforeseen circumstances. He might have proven his capabilities, as witnessed by the numerous great beings watching the fight from afar—and Sky Flower Knight did admit that Luo Feng was indeed powerful—but after all this, one of the worst possible situations he had calculated had happened. Sky Flower Knight owned a flying-palace type true treasure.

In summation, there was no way he could make a clean kill and get rid of Sky Flower Knight! This battle would not end conclusively!

As for the question of whether he could force open the white flying shuttle? Luo Feng had no intentions of trying. A flying-palace type true treasure was the sturdiest type out of all treasures of the same level. Such treasures were the best at warding off material attacks! An ordinary flying-palace type true treasure, in terms of its degree of sturdiness, was comparable to that of a senior true treasure armor. A senior flying-palace type true treasure was thus comparable to a top-tier true treasure armor!

Like Sky Wolf Master’s Sky Wolf Palace, which was also a senior flying-palace type true treasure, it belonged to the minority of top-notch treasures, which, by the human race’s exchange rates, was worth about 800 to 900 true treasure points. With it, Sky Wolf Master was able to run rampant about the universe. Even Primal Chaos City Leader and Nine Remoteness Master were unable to force Sky Wolf Palace apart.

This flying shuttle was only slightly inferior to Sky Wolf Palace, but it was enough to run rampant in the universe. The majority of universe masters would not be able to do anything to it.

Sky Flower Knight, who owned such a flying-palace type true treasure, usually could only depend on soul attacks! But Luo Feng was not skilled in launching soul attacks.

“Humph!”

Sou!

Luo Feng put Nine Tiger River right away, transformed into light, and accelerated into space.

“Trying to escape?” said Sky Flower Knight.

The white flying shuttle followed closely and quickly.

Luo Feng and the white flying shuttle dashed through the sky, one after the other, while knights of different races watched from afar, dumbfounded.

“He actually had a flying-palace type true treasure.”

“Sky Flower Knight said that Luo Feng is a universe master!”

“Of course he is a universe master! How strong he is! If he is not a universe master, what else can he be? Even a top-tier universe overlord lost 10 percent of his godly body with just one strike from Luo Feng. Other than a universe master, who could be that powerful?”

“Sky Flower Knight, are you sure you want to shadow me like this?” Luo Feng said, looking behind him.

“Yes,” said the voice from the white flying shuttle voiced. “I have you under my watchful eye. There is no escape for you.”

Luo Feng swept one look at the gigantic white flying shuttle behind him, which was really something that he could not tackle. He was aware that the automaton race, bug soldiers, and demons had always been looking for information about his movements, so Sky Flower Knight would naturally be tracking down his exact coordinates and promptly informing the higher-ups of his demon clan everything he knew about Luo Feng.

Playing big? thought Luo Feng. I’m afraid it is time to depend on the ninth volume now.

Luo Feng’s eyes flashed with traces of murderous intention.

At the territory of demon clan, in the Dream Ancestors secret region.

The body that Sky Flower Knight left within his race was rapidly brought back to the Dream Ancestors secret region by a servant of god country transportation. Upon arriving at Dream Ancestor’s secret region, he immediately connected to “virtual space” with his consciousness.

Like the automaton race, the demon clan also created a virtual world of their own. Even for Earth, a simple virtual space, “palace of war gods,” was previously created, and it was merely based on a simple thought. To achieve the far-reaching influence that spread throughout the universe like the virtual universe, where all the laws were adhered to was a difficult feat. Yet if the area of virtual space was small and solely used for communication of information, that was much simpler and more achievable.

The demon clan had such a virtual space. It was an area that enveloped the Dream Ancestors secret region.

Within the virtual space of the demon clan, amidst the clouds and mist, a group of towering white palaces were in continuous sequence. These were the residences of the Dream Ancestors.

Among the clouds and mist, a long table was occupied by nine figures; above eight of them was a large silvery-white snake that was coiled up into a pan-shaped position. The snake’s body was stretched outward into the distance, and amidst all the clouds and mist, it was hovering between being visible and remaining hidden. It was, nonetheless, a looming and massive figure. The other eight figures were also comprised of an array of forms and looks. Obviously, these were all noble beings of the demon clan.

“Teacher.” Sky Flower Knight appeared out of nowhere—a body cloaked with snow-white hair. He bowed with unmatched reverence.

The head of the silvery white snaked looked over. “You said you discovered Luo Feng and even mentioned that he was a universe master?”

“Yes.” Sky Flower Knight replied.

At that point in time, most of the other eight universe masters seated around the table started voicing their thoughts loudly.

“Liar!”

“That human Luo Feng cannot possibly have become a universe master so quickly.”

“Impossible!”

Sky Flower Knight continued. “This is the truth. I have seen and tested him myself. If not for my flying-palace type true treasure, ‘White Needle,’ which I earlier exchanged for with the race, I’m afraid I would have been annihilated by him.”

“Impossible.”

“To kill you, he must definitely have the power of a universe master. How long has he been cultivating himself? It seems impossible.”

The universe masters were still unwilling to believe what they had just heard. Only Dream Demon Ancestor remained silent as he observed their reactions.

Sky Flower Knight immediately said, “Words alone are useless. I shall let you all see the situation at that time. Then you all will clearly believe my words.”

With that, Sky Flower Knight looked toward the sky and recalled everything that he had undergone. The scenes reenacted in his memory and were replayed as a simulation of the actual event from the beginning to end. From the start of his fight against Zha Wei Horde Leader and Thousand Shadow Knight…

Silence.

All the universe masters watched with undivided attention. Billions of years of common knowledge told them that it was impossible to become a universe master in such a short cultivation period. Otherwise, one would be impossibly powerful.

The simulation ended. All the universe masters remained silent for a moment. They all could tell the truth from the blows exchanged between Luo Feng and Sky Flower Knight. For the first strike, the difference between the power of the two was not obvious. However, when Luo Feng served up his second attack, he brought forth such an immediate upsurge of power so strong that it caused Sky Flower Knight to lose 10 percent of his godly body right away. The only missing detail that they could not see from the simulated scenes was how the incredible yet mysterious strike was dealt. Sky Flower Knight did not know how Luo Feng had done it, so naturally, he was unable to replicate the exact nature of the move.

One strike that could cause a split straightaway! Just by posture alone, it was impossible to create a 100 percent simulation. That would be totally pointless. The true essence lay with the beast god path—the path that could stir up and actuate countless law engravings! This was a scene from memory that could not be simulated.

“Luckily, I hid in my flying-palace,” Sky Flower Knight said solemnly. “If not, I would have been annihilated.”

“Not necessarily,” Dream Demon Ancestor said, finally speaking up. “Luo Feng may not necessarily be a universe master. When he was only an undying, he fought and killed Bark Mirror Emperor; when he was a universe knight, his godly body must already have been stronger than yours. With such a strong godly body, he must have chanced upon a unique opportunity or even been bestowed with a talent technique! Or he could have obtained a talent technique that was comparable to an ultimate technique of a universe master.”

The other universe masters nodded.

“Have you ever seen him controlling a part of time and space?” Dream Demon Ancestor asked.

“No.” Sky Flower Knight shook his head.

“Just one stance of a powerful technique,” said Dream Demon Ancestor. “That may be a talent technique. Unless he is able to display two techniques, then one of them must be his own creation.” Dream Demon Ancestor shook his head. “Furthermore, you are still not powerful enough to make a correct identification. Only through a battle with him would a universe master will be able to clearly judge whether or not he is a universe master. Are you tracking him now?”

“Yes.” Sky Flower Knight immediately added, “He will not be able to escape. I am tracking him down, for sure.”

The silvery-white snake went on to say, “I will contact the automaton race and bug soldiers. This time around, with the joint efforts of the three races, we must eradicate Luo Feng.”


Chapter 1113: Encirclement

Three beings arrived in the sky. They were the three universe supreme masters from three pinnacle races.

The silver snake head said, “Luo Feng showed up on the original stars, and he has the power of a universe master!”

“I’ve got the report as well,” said the phantom. “Sky Flower Knight of your demon race fought Luo Feng, and he’s no match at all. He survived because of his flying-palace type true treasure.”

“I have the information, too,” said the breathtaking being.

“Good,” said the silver snake head. “It’s a great opportunity. We can cooperate with each other and kill him now.”

“Of course we have too, but is he actually a universe master?” the breathtaking being said.

“I want to know, too,” said the phantom.

Although none of them believed Luo Feng could have become a universe master in such a short time, they all knew that the universe was constantly changing, and miracles were possible.

The silver snake said, “I’m not sure! Of course, I hope he’s a universe master!”

The universe supreme masters from the automaton race and the bug race wished the same thing, as Luo Feng was already too powerful, and it would be better if he actually was a universe master. If he was already a universe master, it meant Luo Feng wouldn’t be too powerful later.

“I think he has an incredible inherited technique, and that was how he hurt my disciple,” said the silver snake head. “If he’s a universe knight, we need to kill him! Even if he’s a universe master, we can still eradicate him. What do you think? My demon race alone might not succeed, but we have a much greater chance if we cooperate.”

Father God of Automaton race and Empress of Bug Race both went silent.

“I agree!”

“I’m on board!”

They both answered.

“Nobody can stop us if we cooperate,” the silver snake said with a smile. “I think we send three universe masters each, and nine universe masters go to that original star at the same time to encircle them.”

“Nine universe masters?”

“You’re overestimating Luo Feng.”

The Empress and Father God were reluctant, as there weren’t enough universe masters within their races.

“We can’t give him any chance if we want to kill him,” said the silver snake head. “Otherwise, he’ll get away and be stronger. If it weren’t for that man being so crazy, our races would be suppressed by the human race! Don’t underestimate the humans. They have great potential! I see that crazy man on Luo Feng.”

“No…”

“How is it possible?”

All of them were terrified, thinking of the crazy man who was annihilated.

“Think about how long Luo Feng has practiced,” said the silver snake head.

“I’ll send three,” said the breathtaking being.

“I’ll send three as well,” said the phantom.

All the universe supreme masters reached a consensus. Together, they would send nine universe masters, along with a great number of universe knights, to kill Luo Feng! And the other powers would make sure the Hong Alliance didn’t meddle!

Luo Feng was flying on Original Star Number 02933, and a white shuttle was following him.

“Still following me?” Luo Feng looked behind him. “All the three races have got the information, and they might have made a plan already. Fortunately, they don’t know my trump card. It’ll be a wonderful fight.”

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Boundless golden waves showed up, and the white shuttle was covered by the waves, which slowed it down.

“Nine Tiger River?” Sky Flower Knight lowered his head, and his eye glinted disdainfully. “Want to get away? Don’t count on it.”

His godly power permeated.

Hong!

“Useless! I’m in the Nine Tiger River, and you’re controlling it. If you’re a bit farther than me and I get out of it, I can keep following you.”

Sky Flower Knight was confident.

Time flew. Nine Tiger River moved forward, and Sky Flower Knight was in Nine Tiger River. After a while…

“Why is he squandering his godly power by using Nine Tiger River?” Sky Flower Knight smirked, but then he was dazed. “Wait! Space law domain!”

Sky Flower Knight performed law domain.

Hong! Long!

Two law domains clashed with each other, and Sky Flower Knight felt something wrong from the clash. Why did Luo Feng keep stopping him from inspection?

Sky Flower Knight heard a laugh, and the golden river disappeared.

“Hahaha! Sky Flower Knight. How stupid are you!”

A towering Golden Horned Beast with six horns was standing in the sky.

A head with snowy hair showed up from the shuttle and said, “Where’s Luo Feng?”

The Golden Horned Beast smiled. “He’s not here anymore.”

“Damn Golden Horned Beast! How are you controlling the Nine Tiger River?” Sky Flower Knight was anxious and infuriated.

“We’re best friends, and I’ve been adventuring through the original stars with him,” said the Golden Horned Beast. “I’ve been hiding in his world ring. He’s already put Nine Tiger River back into the world ring and taken back his life imprint. That’s how I use it.” Golden Horned Beast smiled. “As for Luo Feng? He’s flown far away.”

“Damn it…” said Sky Flower Knight.

He clenched his teeth. He remembered that Luo Feng won the name of top-tier universe overlord because he had slaughtered a great many universe knights of other races, and many of them claimed to have been killed by a black, strange beast—or a Golden Horned Beast!

“How could I forget about the Golden Horned Beast!” Sky Flower Knight said, irritated.

“Haha! Perhaps you can still catch Luo Feng now.” Golden Horned Beast smiled, waved his wings, and flew away.

Sky Flower Knight was angry with himself. He had been tricked!

Inside the virtual space of the demon race, Sky Flower Knight had to report to his teacher, Dream Demon Ancestor.

“Teacher,” he said. “I lost Luo Feng.”

Lost him!

All the races were irritated, but they couldn’t do anything but change the plan immediately. They had to order the great beings from the demon race alliance, the bug race alliance, and the automaton race alliance to search for Luo Feng on Original Star Number 02933. They sent nine universe masters to that original star.

“Coming after me?”

Luo Feng flew through the sky to where he meant to meet Golden Horned Beast.

“That Sky Flower Knight was underestimating me. He was so easily tricked.”

Luo Feng was smiling when suddenly…

Hong!

Everything went silent!

The first universe master of the nine universe masters sent arrived at the original star, following the boundless energy. All the universe knights went quiet. They all knew that a universe master had arrived!

“You’re dead, Luo Feng!” a deep voice said, trembling the ground.

Luo Feng smiled. “Which universe master is it?”

“Bug race alliance, Master of Banff!” came the answer.

“You, want to kill me?” Luo Feng chuckled. Luo Feng laughed louder and louder without caring about the space constraint around him. He kept flying.

“These are Luo Feng’s coordinates.”

“Go there!”

“Encircle him.”

The alliances quickly gave the order, and a great many universe knights on that original star went toward those coordinates, and even great beings of the three alliances on other original stars flew there.

Hong Alliance got the information immediately and quickly made arrangements.

Hong!

On Original Star Number 02933, where Master of Banff stayed, another universe master had arrived. However, the space and time were in disorder because of the fight to control space and time, and neither of them was able to control the space and time.

“It’s a universe master from the Hong Alliance,” Luo Feng realized.

At the same time, Luo Feng got an email from his teacher, Primal Chaos City Leader. It read: “Luo Feng, Long Yan Master has already arrived at your original star! This time, all the three pinnacle races will try their best to kill you, and our alliance can only stall them. Even if I go there, I’ll be constrained. I heard that you have the power of a universe master now? Can you guarantee you will survive that? Self-destruct if you can’t. Understand?”

The Hong Alliance wasn’t worried. They’d given Luo Feng the soul type true treasure Afterimage. They knew that Luo Feng had the clone technique, and the worst he would suffer would be the loss of some true treasures.

“Of course, I can,” Luo Feng replied.

“This is getting more and more interesting,” he said to himself. “Time will tell. I don’t know how this fight will end…”

Luo Feng beamed.


Chapter 1114: Kill!

Three universe knights of the demon race alliance were flying several hundred million miles away from Luo Feng. Though they were not of the demon race, they followed the order from Dream Demon Ancestor.

“We’re not far from that human Luo Feng,” said a short man with a bloody beard. “According to the information from the demon race alliance, we can find that human any time. Jin Ya and Pu Ya, we must be careful now. Once we find that human Luo Feng, we need to keep following him. The reward from the alliances is huge.”

“We understand,” the other two short men said. They were all from a powerful race, but they all belonged to the demon race alliance.

“Big brother, we’re much weaker than Luo Feng, and we’ll definitely die if we’re trapped in his Nine Tiger River.”

“Which is why we need to be careful and don’t get too close to him. We need to be at least 19 million miles away from the ground! And by doing that, we can see more than a 300-million-square-foot area! Besides, the information is clear that there are not many universe knights from other races. If the universe knight we see is not on the information, chances are, it’s the human Luo Feng!”

“I understand.”

The three alliances were extremely careful. When Master of Banff arrived, he immediately controlled the entire original star, and he knew every great being on the original star. He recorded all the universe knights of other races near Luo Feng and passed the information to all the members from the alliances.

As long as it was not a universe knight in the information, it could be disguised by Luo Feng. The members needed to identify the stranger universe knights! And they would rather make wrong killings than let Luo Feng go! After all, it didn’t mean anything to kill some universe knights. However, Luo Feng couldn’t get away.

Hu!

Three traces of light were flying in the sky.

“Look!”

The three men slowed down and saw a silver-armored and silver-winged man. Luo Feng wasn’t camouflaging himself. Instead, he showed his true identity.

“It’s the human Luo Feng!”

“We found Luo Feng!”

“It’s him!”

They were all excited and anxious. They hadn’t expected to find Luo Feng so quickly.

“Jin Ya, Pu Ya, this is a great opportunity!” The bloody-beard guy transmitted his voice. “Stay away from him and he can do nothing. Even if we get killed, the alliances will revive us.”

“Okay.”

The other two nodded. There was a promise from the alliances that if someone was killed, they would be resurrected, and the true treasures and treasures lost would be returned. And the more one contributed, the more he would be rewarded, which was why all the great beings devoted all their efforts.

“Stay 30 million miles away from him.”

“We can go in three directions.”

“We can’t let him get away, and we need to make great contributions and get great rewards,” the bloody-beard one sad.

The other two also nodded. They separated and tried to approach Luo Feng.

All the bodies of the universe knights from the bloody-beard being’s race gathered in a small universe secret region. They had a virtual space where they could pass the information back to their race immediately. And then, the seniors within his race would pass the information to the seniors in demon race alliance!

“We’ve confirmed Luo Feng’s coordinates, and there are three universe knights following him. Other universe knights are approaching him as well.”

The three alliances immediately passed the information on to the great beings of the races under them.

All the universe knights, universe overlords, and even universe masters approached the new coordinates as quickly as possible.

Hong! Long!

The golden waves were churning, covering 90 million square feet, but the three universe knights of the Bu Han clan kept their distance.

Luo Feng stepped on the waves and yelled, “Back off and I’ll spare your lives.”

“Hahaha! Human Luo Feng, are you kidding me? We don’t need you to spare our lives! We’re six million miles away from Nine Tiger River! What can you do about us?”

“You’re indeed powerful, but we’re millions of miles away from you.”

“Human Luo Feng, this is your doom! All the great beings of our alliances are racing toward you. It won’t help no matter how you’re trying to disguise yourself. Stop running!”

All of them laughed and looked confident.

Luo Feng frowned. If he kept being watched, his route would be exposed, and the three alliances would easily know where he was, which was not good for his plan.

I have to use it, thought Luo Feng. I need to show my skill.

Luo Feng stood still and stared at the three universe knights of other races in the distance. “I didn’t want to kill you,” he said. “Don’t blame me. You kept following me.”

Luo Feng stood still, which confused those three. Why wasn’t Luo Feng running?

“Not our concern. We’re more relaxed if he doesn’t run.”

Just when the three bearded guys transmitted their voices to speak to one another—

Hua!

A being shone at the edge of golden waves and disappeared, then reappeared in a flash 6,000 miles away again.

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

Hundreds of shadows shone and approached those three universe knights, which terrified them.

“Teleportation?”

“Nobody can do teleportation on the original stars! Not even universe masters.”

“It’s an inherited technique, it must be!”

They were all in panic.

What they did not know, however, was that Luo Feng was not teleporting. Mosha body was performing his inherited technique, “Domain,” and with his godly power, mind, and willpower, he was able to teleport himself over 100 times in one second. He could travel millions of miles a second!

After only three seconds, Mosha body arrived at where the black-bearded man was, and his blade became a shining, golden light. The golden light was sharp and cold—and fast!

“Ah!”

The black-bearded man waved his hammer and shield, trying to defend himself.

Peng!

Although Mosha body was weaker than the Golden Horned Beast body and the original earthling body, it was still a universe knight with a life gene level 100 times. And he was performing the ultimate technique of universe masters: “Golden Light.”

Mosha body was as powerful as the Golden Horned Beast and the original earthling body before they became universe knights. One attack, and…

Hong!

The black-bearded man’s godly body trembled and was annihilated.

“No!”

“How is it possible!”

The other two universe knights were terrified after seeing their friend killed in one attack.

The bloody-bearded being started to report the information and said, “He’s able to perform a skill like teleportation! A skill that can only be performed by special life forms like Mosha clan, and it’s really powerful! One attack can kill a senior universe knight!”

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

After two seconds, another universe knight was killed. After four seconds, the last universe knight was killed. The fight was finished.

Three universe knights had been killed in ten seconds. Nobody could even put up a fight.

Mosha body was as powerful as Purple Rain Knight! And the original earthling body could rival a universe master! Mosha body could fight the most powerful World Tree! Even Flourishing Light Horde Leader, wearing an ordinary true treasure armor, was killed by one attack— not to mention those senior universe knights without any true treasures protecting them.

Luo Feng took the treasures and put away Nine Tiger River.

“An alliance of three races…” Luo Feng’s eyes glinted fiercely.

The three races alliances got the information from the three universe knights who had just died. There was recorded footage showing Luo Feng’s black, godly body breathing fire. This led the demon race, automaton race, and bug race to conclude that Luo Feng had the clone technique. That body was a Mosha body!

“He can perform the inherited technique ‘Domain.’ And he has the inherited technique ‘Duplicate’! However, the Mosha race is good at hiding and fleeing, but they’re not good at fighting! He killed a senior universe knight with one attack? Did he actually become a universe master?”

The seniors from the three races were all shocked.


Chapter 1115: The Black Ocean

On Original Star Number 02933, the top three powers consisting of the Demon Alliance, the Automaton Race Alliance, and the Bug Clan Alliance had joined efforts in their desire to hunt and kill Luo Feng. News of such a major movement would naturally spread to the other forces like the Northern Territory Alliance and Nine Territory Alliance, all of which had temporarily moved out of the source region of the looming storm.

At that very moment, there was a total of 2,102 universe knights from the Bug Clan Alliance on this Original Star and 1,906 universe knights from the Automaton Race Alliance. The Demon Alliance had the greatest number in the first place, and with a large base and the total number of universe knights present was 5,230.

Altogether, the total number of universe knights exceeded 9,000! And this was only the beginning amount. At that moment, there were still other universe knights rushing to this original star, which was merely one out of the 10,081 original stars. The number was still increasing continuously, and for now, at least one-fifth of the total number of universe knights from these three alliances, scattered all over the 10,081 original stars, were present on this original star.

“Could there be a force as great as that of a universe master? Would there be the Mosha body?”

A great being from the automaton race, flying in midair, shook his head and sneered. “So, for all those present in the danger zone who are not members of any of the three alliances, all shall be killed? What a joke that just one human, Luo Feng, could create such a great commotion. But the response makes sense, since only a handful of those left in the danger zone are not members of any of the three alliances.”

The “danger zone” referred to an area with a radius of three billion miles—with Luo Feng as its center. The number of universe knights from the three alliances within this danger zone was gradually increasing. Every great being had the ability to see things at a distance as far as hundreds of millions of kilometers away. This greatly increased the chances of Luo Feng being discovered, which could happen at any moment.

Diving Sail Knight, a great being from the automaton race, was leisurely cruising in midair as he commented, “The three alliances, from the start of the hunt until now, have seen the annihilation of countless universe knights. Fortunately, the higher-ups of the three alliances have committed to a promise that they would reverse time and space to resurrect those who have died and to return the treasures registered under those who have died and underwent resurrection. Otherwise, out of the numerous universe knights, who would be willing to risk the danger of losing their lives? Without the numerous universe knights willing to take the risk, this hunting plan would never be carried out.”

Diving Sail Knight was a universe overlord and had been roaming about the original star as a lone wanderer. Leisurely he flew, but his eyes were constantly scanning his surroundings, observing every trace of life from the flowers and the grass to the lake waters. Given the speed of calculation of his consciousness, he could easily discover any suspicious spots. Within the entire original star, every living being, from flowers to grass to earth and land, existed as though they were one; even if one were damaged, it would be able to recover rapidly. If a Mosha body transformed into a stone and tried to hide in that guise… by meticulous sensing, one would easily be able to tell that this stone looked out of place with everything else on the original star.

After flying around for some time—

“En?”

Diving Sail Knight’s eyes lit up as he saw a silver light that was far away, almost 60 million miles away. Amidst that silver light was a black-haired man with silver armor and silver wings.

“The human, Luo Feng!”

Diving Sail Knight closed the distance between them right away but was prepared to maintain a fair amount of distance between them. After all, the two were far from each other right now. The moment Luo Feng charged into the forest, with all the weeds in the deserted plains, he would be more difficult to spot.

“I have found Luo Feng, his latest coordinates are…” Diving Sail Knight immediately reported to his race!

Suddenly, at the main command ground of the three alliances, upon receiving the latest coordinates of Luo Feng’s whereabouts, a new spot was added on to the diagram showing the route of Luo Feng’s movement! The higher-ups sent out orders immediately to get over 9,000 universe knights to move toward the coordinates of Luo Feng’s latest whereabouts.

Around half an hour later…

Hua!

A sharp and cold golden light sliced through the air. Although Diving Sail Knight was doing his best to ward off the attacks, he was still like a tiny ant facing a speeding truck.

Hong! Long!

The cold blade brought about a bone-piercing chill that sliced right through his armor. The terrifying impact immediately reached the maximum limit of this senior true treasure.

Weng!

A godly body that was almost 30 feet tall felt a great jolt, then faced complete annihilation.

I have a senior true treasure armor, but I was still unable to ward off one strike from his Mosha body? Is he really a universe master? Luckily, I have stored my most important true treasure back in god country.

Such thoughts flashed through Diving Sail Knight’s mind as he felt his entire godly body disintegrating. Then his consciousness fell into a limitless darkness.

Mosha body kept the true treasure suspended in midair and said softly, “Diving Sail Knight did not bring his most acclaimed true treasure, ‘Diving Sail Wings,’ with him.”

From killing Diving Sail Knight, he only managed to obtain a piece of senior true treasure armor, an ordinary true treasure weapon, and a world ring. The legendary Diving Sail Wings was nowhere to be found.

“Even so… I have still earned quite a fair bit,” said Mosha body. “Killing one universe overlord, I can earn much more than killing ten senior universe knights.”

Luo Feng stood on the water surface of Nine Tiger River while he waited for Mosha body to return. Then, with a single thought in mind, he summoned Mosha body back into his world ring. At the same time, he put away the ghost blade that Mosha body had taken earlier to carry out his mission.

Ghost blade was a top-tier true treasure! It was mighty and extremely powerful. Luo Feng had to contribute many of his treasures and a handful of treasures from the Blood Cloud treasure vault to his race to be able to exchange for this ghost blade.

Previously, Luo Feng had needed to deal two strikes before he could slice through Para-chopper Knight’s senior true treasure armor to kill him! Diving Sail Knight also wore senior true treasure armor, and his godly body was almost 30 feet tall, which was even more massive! If Mosha body had used Bo He sword, then whether it was ten strikes or a hundred strikes, the number would not matter. Mosha body could rely on the ghost blade to bring out a sudden upsurge of power, causing his opponent’s senior true treasure armor’s defense level to fall by a great deal…

That was when he could achieve a clean kill with a single strike!

And this was only a top-tier true treasure! Luo Feng thought to himself. If this was a pinnacle true treasure or a supreme true treasure… what power would that be?

Top-tier true treasures were usually used by universe masters. Even if a universe knight might own one… usually, top-tier universe overlords only owned about one to two such treasures.

“Hmm. The 16th universe knight and the first universe overlord,” Luo Feng said to himself as he stored Nine Tiger River and started another round of rapid escape.

During the escape, he interchanged between his original earthling body and Mosha body. When he was in the form of Mosha body, he would use his talent technique Domain to rapidly change position, trying his best to increase the difficulty for the three alliances trying to surround him! Every universe knight from these three alliances that he met along his way, he had killed without a trace of mercy, then claimed the loots of his victory!

There were a dozen higher-ups in the main command ground of the three alliances, and they were all in rage.

“The number of universe knights from the three alliances that have been killed by Luo Feng has reached 115, of which there are three universe overlords!”

“That annoying fellow! Let him gloat all he wants, let him go crazy! Now that the danger zone is shrinking, the chances of finding him are greatly increased. Besides, Master of Banff is rushing here as quickly as he can. It won’t be long before Master of Banff arrives.”

“The area where he can escape is getting smaller. Let him enjoy his last crazy moments.”

Luo Feng was too ruthless, and his success rate in killing was much too high. The responsibility of resurrecting these universe knights ultimately fell back on them—the universe masters within the alliances.

On the original star, the number of universe knights coming from the three alliances had exceeded 10,000, and there were many who had entered the danger zone, causing a sharp increase in the number of universe knights from the three alliances within the danger zone.

It was getting more troublesome for Luo Feng to hide his tracks, and his disguises had become pointless. Transforming into a stone? He would be out of place on this original star and would be detected and discovered in no time. Transforming into a knight of some other race? He would be courting his own doom in a place where killing without mercy was the rule rather than the except! Transforming into dead members of the three alliances? Everyone knew that senior universe knights moved about in groups, so the only disguise he could take was one of a universe overlord. But how many universe overlords had he killed in total? Besides, the three alliances would know right away how many universe overlords had died at Luo Feng’s hands, so it would not be difficult to recognize him that way.

As for transforming into the universe overlords of the three alliances who were alive? Luo Feng had never set eyes on any of them before, so there was no way he could replicate their form or aura. Furthermore, the coordinates of every universe overlord were in the records of the main command grounds, which had been keeping close tabs. Luo Feng would be most easily seen through.

In conclusion, there was nowhere he could escape to!

Just as he had changed his direction, he met three universe knights of the three alliances. Upon killing them, he found himself facing another universe knight soon enough.

“The chances of discovering my tracks are getting higher!” said Luo Feng. “These universe knights maintain a far distance from one another, and it would put a toll on my Mosha body if I were to go after them. Previously, when I fought with four universe knights, I only managed to kill three. One escaped.”

Luo Feng’s eyes flashed traces of red. “However… since all of you are so crazy as to leave me no other options, then bring it on. Let’s go for a kill…”

The more he killed, the more murderous and bloodthirsty Luo Feng became.

160… 180… 200…

240… 280… 320…

Luo Feng had gone crazy in his killing spree. As the chances of running into the universe knights from the three alliances multiplied, the speed at which Luo Feng killed them likewise increased. With every kill he made, Luo Feng made sure to take away all spoils of his victory!

The higher-ups of the three alliances were growing increasingly furious. “Human Luo Feng…! After killing you, all that you have taken shall be ours again!”

“Banff, how long more to reach Luo Feng?”

“He has been changing his whereabouts, but not too long. Just let him struggle a little more for now.”

Master of Banff was rushing in Luo Feng’s direction at the fastest he could. He was now the universe master closet to Luo Feng.

In the whole of this original star, there were four universe masters from these three alliances that had arrived. However, Long Yan Master’s interference hindered them from expanding the area of time and space under their control.

In the vast sky of the original star, a gigantic whirlpool tunnel hovered in midair.

Hua!

With an overwhelmingly towering height of over half a million miles, a gigantic figure stepped out of the tunnel and appeared in midair. It had a huge mountain of a body with eight hooves that resembled heavenly pillars, and four long, thick arms. Right in the middle of its mountainous body was a humongous eyeball. He was an incomparably powerful presence whom the Demon Alliance had courted with an extremely generous offer of countless benefits— Tong Ling Master!

Tong Ling Master was a special life form that had been born at the birth of the universe. Special life forms may have been powerful, but once a special life-form had cultivated itself to reach the level of a universe master… that was the true show of power! Of course, many top powers would be vying to invite him to join their race. When he was still at the level of a universe knight, he had finally made a decision and joined the Demon Alliance.

“Hahahaha…”

Tong Ling Master’s booming laughter brought tremors to the limitless and vast ocean waters.

Hong!

The unending black waters spread out in an instant to enshroud the ocean, forests, deserts, swamps, and deserted plains… It was almost as though within a split moment, it had completely enshrouded the entire original star! The entire original star was then enveloped by a vast black ocean containing a fearsome restraining force that was simply unbelievable.

All the great beings, including Luo Feng, were completely engulfed by the black waters.


Chapter 1116: Blood Light

He had a towering body with a huge dragon tail extending from the base of his spine. He looked up at the black ocean, and under his burning godly power, the entire black ocean was suppressed; it couldn’t get close to him.

“Floating Mountain Ocean?” Long Yan Master whispered. “Tong Ling Master is here, too.” His eyes glinted with concern. “They sent Tong Ling Master. He is quite a handful. All the universe masters sent by the three alliances are extraordinary, and it seems that they really want Luo Feng’s life.”

“Our alliance can’t do anything!” Long Yan Master exclaimed. “Even if the Hong Alliance put all our efforts and sent Huge Axe Creator to come here, the three alliances can also send a universe supreme master to constrain Huge Axe Creator, and it might be bloodier later.”

The Hong Alliance wasn’t afraid of any one-to-one combat. However, it could only disturb the cooperation of three alliances.

“Luo Feng’s power has surged too fast. His progress intimidates the three alliances, and the three alliances who’ve been fighting each other have set aside their feud and formed a single alliance.” Long Yan Master shook his head and looked at the dangerous area. “Luo Feng, you’re on your own, now. The best we can do is to stall them.”

Nobody knew how Luo Feng’s current situation. The three-race alliance didn’t know it, and neither did Hong Alliance.

“Hahaha… Everyone who has tried to stop me has died! Die! Nobody can survive.”

Luo Feng looked peaceful, but his eyes were glinting ferociously. Actually, the spiritual-force crystal in his head had been giving Luo Feng a headache while he was on the earth. And that crystal made him innately mad, during which he looked forward to life-or-death combat. When he was cornered by Li Wei, he slaughtered all those who cornered him.

Such madness was only mild until he did soul transfer on Golden Horned Beast! The Golden Horned Beast was naturally bloodthirsty, and that bloodthirstiness affected Luo Feng, which made Luo Feng more and more fearsome. Fortunately, Luo Feng had an extremely strong mind and willpower, with which he was able to control it well.

It had been a long time since he’d slaughtered like this after becoming undying. Even after he had fully comprehended Beast God Heart, he hadn’t slaughter like this. This was the first time after he had fully comprehended Beast God Heart that he killed out of madness. The more he killed, the faster he killed.

100… 200… 400… 800…

Luo Feng was completely absorbed in the Beast God Heart! And he killed every life form in his sight!

The killing bordered on insanity. One supreme being after another died, and no one could resist him. Besides, those universe knights find it difficult to get away from Mosha body’s inherited technique Domain.

Hong!

Boundless black ocean submerged the plain and sky, and the constraining power was so large that Luo Feng’s mind was clear from killing.

“Clear!”

Luo Feng looked around the boundless ocean. It looked like water, but it was an area made by special energies of high density like that of Nine Tiger River.

Strong power, thought Luo Feng. Wielded in combat, it might be 100 times stronger than an attack using all the power of my Mosha body, and it might rival the Thousand Treasures River of my teacher. It must be Tong Ling master’s Floating Mountain Ocean!

Luo Feng had gathered enough information; he had the access authority of a top-tier universe overlord in the virtual universe, allowing him to read some information of the universe masters of the bug race, the demon race, and the automation race. The more he read about them, the more he realized how terrific universe masters were. However, Luo Feng was still confident that he could achieve his goal in this fight.

“Human, Luo Feng!” A vigorous voice went into Luo Feng’s ears.

“Tong Ling Master from the demon race alliance?” Luo Feng smiled.

“You’re still smiling?” said the vigorous voice. “Hahaha… How bold you are! Just so you know, Master of Banoff will be here soon.”

Luo Feng smiled even broader, turned around, and kept flying in one direction. He broke the black ocean water, moving quicker and quicker.

“You still dare to fly in my Floating Mountain Ocean?”

The vigorous voice became angry, and the power within that ocean surged. The drops of water began hitting Luo Feng like neutrons, but Luo Feng kept flying without being affected.

“Hmm,” said the voice. “I thought my Floating Mountain Ocean might kill you if I fully utilized it, but now, it seems you indeed have some abilities to be proud of.”

The power from the black ocean kept surging. It could have easily killed a top-tier universe overlord. However, Luo Feng easily broke through the water and flew into the distance, which startled Tong Ling Master at the other side of the original star.

“Did that Luo Feng really become a universe master?” he wondered aloud.

I have a pinnacle true treasure Force Armor on me! thought Luo Feng. And it can weaken attacks to 1/100,000th! My godly body is more than 55,000 miles tall. Even the pinnacle universe masters might need to use all their power if they want to kill me. Only a domain type true treasure? It can’t hope to affect me!

Luo Feng knew his power clearly. True treasure armor—from ordinary true treasures, senior true treasures, top-tier true treasures to pinnacle true treasures—most of them could weaken attacks to 1/10,000th, yet they had different limits. Only the most exceptional pinnacle true treasures were able to weaken attacks to 1/100,000th.

Force Armor was able to weaken attacks to 1/100,000th, which meant Force Armor was an exceptional pinnacle true treasure! Besides, Force Armor had an incredibly high limit! Attacks from universe masters were unlikely to reach the limit, which meant Force Armor was able to weaken the attacks from universe masters to 1/100,000th!

Flame Emperor had the Force Armor to protect his godly body, and the Original Soul to protect his soul! He didn’t need to be afraid of anything! And, of course, Sitting Mountain Guest had a supreme true treasure!

“Luo Feng was able to easily resist the attack from my Floating Mountain Ocean, even when I fully utilized it,” reported Tong Ling Master.

All the universe masters were startled when Tong Ling Master passed the news back the three alliances. There were two possibilities. One: Luo Feng had become a universe master, and he had a supreme godly body. Two: Luo Feng had an incredible true treasure to protect his godly body.

“Did Luo Feng become a universe master?”

“Humph! Perhaps he got an incredible true treasure by luck.”

“It’s not that easy to get a true treasure. Real true treasures all have strong backgrounds, and you can’t just get one by luck, unless the seniors give it to you. Several universe masters are using top-tier true treasure armors. How could Luo Feng also be given one?”

“Master of Banoff will fight him, and we’ll know the truth soon.”

The bug race, the automaton race, and the demon race all found that Luo Feng had a great many mysteries, and some great beings started to wonder whether he had become a universe master.

Luo Feng broke the black water and flew freely.

Mosha body was in one of his world rings.

“It felt so good to kill them all.”

Luo Feng had killed more than 800 universe knights, which gave him a satisfaction he had never felt before. Besides, he also had the craving to create techniques! The desire to kill in his heart! He wanted to combine that with his blade technique. He was indeed incredible when performing Golden Light, but he didn’t feel the madness.

Hua! Hua!

Mosha body looked up and saw the godly power being triggered. Complex engraving pictures kept showing up. Luo Feng could sense that urge.

No, he thought. It doesn’t feel like that. No.

Luo Feng knew that he was able to create universe-overlord level techniques using only his rations! However, it would require inspiration and emotion for him to create techniques of universe masters, just as when he had created Golden Light when he had just fully comprehended Beast God Heart.

“No… Yes! That’s it.”

Luo Feng looked to the gigantic engraving picture in the sky, and under the control of his mind, the engraving picture became increasingly complex. He gained more and more inspiration, and the desire to kill was completely injected into the engraving picture. In the end, the engraving picture was completed.

Hong!

A gigantic, complete engraving picture floated in the sky, emanating endless force and faint aggression.

“Done.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. He pointed to the sky, and another giant engraving picture showed up, which was the engraving picture of Golden Light. The two engravings were floating side by side in the sky. Both permeated boundless power; the one on the left looked bloodthirsty, and the one on the right looked indifferent.

“Finally, I’ve created the second ultimate technique of universe masters,” Luo Feng said.

He smiled. It had been a long time, and he’d already started the sixth level of the beast god path. Under the strain and excessive killings, he’d created the second technique!

“I’ll name it ‘Blood Light.’”

Suddenly, a towering being raced toward Luo Feng from among the black ocean.

A voice resounded in the sky.

“Luo Feng!”

Luo Feng turned back, and knew immediately…

Master of Banoff was here!


Chapter 1117: Fighting a Universe Master

Master of Banff had an upper body that resembled a human—fair-skinned with a shiny mass of long golden hair—but a lower body that took the form of a reptile. His look was heartwarming, just like how the sun provided warmth, and his smile was as amiable as a loving mother. He had the ability to make one unconsciously fall into a state of euphoria.

Master of Banff observed this human in the distance and saw a youth dressed in silver armor and sporting a pair of silver wings— one who could remain unaffected even under the oppression of the vast ocean waters of the Floating Mountain Ocean.

“He is the one who the three pinnacle races are after,” he said. “The human, Luo Feng!”

He recalled what the Bug Clan Queen had ordered him to do before he arrived here: “Banff, you shall be tasked with killing Luo Feng. Out of everyone in my Bug Clan Alliance, the Demon Alliance, and the Automaton Race Alliance, your skills in creating illusions are said to be the best. Luo Feng has risen far too quickly, and his growth is appalling. If we allow him to continue progressing, he will become a major source of trouble for my Bug Clan Alliance! If he continues to hide in places like the primal universe, there is nothing we can do, but luckily, he has now made an appearance in the original stars!”

From the bugs soldiers and demons to the automaton race, everyone knew that the moment Luo Feng chose to self-destruct, at the very best, they would gain some true treasures. Yet all their hard work would be in vain.

However, even if there was a possibility where their hard work would be in vain, it was something they might be able to avoid if they tried! If Luo Feng hid in the primal universe, the three pinnacle races would have no chance of eradicating him at all! Now that he had appeared on the original star, it was the chance of a lifetime. They had to grab it!

“This Luo Feng,” the Bug Clan Queen had said. “He has risen so rapidly that he must be full of self-confidence! It is impossible that he would self-destruct without even putting up a fight. If that was the case, why would he have bothered coming into the original star? We have to make good use of his pride and his confidence! Get rid of him!”

“Bear this in mind…” she continued. “The first goal is that we have to use soul control! If you can control his soul, this human genius is as good as gone, or he could even become a tool for my Bug Clan Alliance. This is the greatest success possible! If this can’t be achieved… then we shall have to penetrate his soul to eradicate him. That is the only way we can kill all his various bodies at one go. He is only a human, yet he has the potential to be incredibly strong, especially if he can mature so quickly. He must have a unique talent that is extremely powerful. There are some kinds of special talents that, upon reversing time and space to bring about a resurrection, the resurrected being will no longer be able to possess it again.”

The Bug Clan Queen was very aware of the secrets of the universe. Some of these unique things were just as she claimed. Like the memory of the Nine Volume Manual, which could only be handed on to one person. Once the master of it had been annihilated, even if time and space were reversed for a resurrection to take place, the memory of the Nine Volume Manual could never be restored.

For a universe master, annihilation was for eternity. There was no room for resurrection. Likewise, for some unique talents that were extremely powerful, once death occurred, even reversing time and space would not be able to restore anything.

“First goal, soul control,” the Bug Clan Queen had instructed. “If this cannot be achieved, then we shall move on to the second goal: to penetrate his soul and eradicate everything. If we still cannot achieve that, it means we have failed. There is still a third goal: to destroy this body of his and take all the treasures this body is carrying. Maybe there is a treasure within these that holds the secret to how he can make such tremendous progress up to now.”

Bug Clan Queen had listed three choices. Obviously, she was still hoping that they could use the most direct method of soul control when tackling Luo Feng.

In the void space that enveloped the Dream Demon secret region.

A couple of figures sat at a long table. The silvery-white snake head was in the central seat while the other demons were divided into two factions, one was the Dream Demon Ancestor, and the other was Shock Demon Ancestor. Usually, those gathered here would be members of the demon clan, but today, even Tong Ling Master was present.

“Master of Banff has already met with Luo Feng,” Tong Ling Master announced.

“We shall wait for Master of Banff to send us the good news,” the silvery-white snake head said in a booming voice.

The numerous universe masters nodded. Trouble had to be eradicated early.

One being with the power of Primal Chaos City Leader was enough to bring much trouble to the enemies of the human race; there were many times where the presence of Huge Axe Creator was not required at all, as Primal Chaos City Leader alone could settle everything. If there was another being as powerful as Primal Chaos City Leader, that would be scarier than three or four ordinary universe masters put together!

Master of Banff looked at Luo Feng from afar and sneered. His voice was low and deep, like the tremors of an earthquake as he said, “To think you can actually shake free from the influence of my power. Your willpower must be getting pretty strong.”

“Compared to Master of Banff, I still have much room for improvement,” Luo Feng said from afar.

“How humble you are,” Master of Banff said, in no rush to attack. “Within a short time, more than 800 universe masters of the three alliances have been annihilated by you. Your methods are appalling, but a power like yours, why would you want to kill those who are much weaker than you?”

Luo Feng shook his head. “Not going to provoke me? I do not mind showing some sympathy and mercy, but to provoke me one after the other, you all are really asking for it! Haha! enjoy your just deserts.”

Master of Banff laughed. “Makes sense!”

Luo Feng was taken aback and looked at Master of Banff with a baffled look.

Master of Banff smiled. “Luo Feng, do you know which race I represent?”

“Bug Clan Alliance.” Luo Feng answered immediately. He was still maintaining vigilance, as he could not grasp the intention of this Master of Banff.

“Wrong answer. I am from the Northern Territory Alliance.” Master of Banff shook his head and said, “I just left Bug Clan Alliance some time ago, albeit secretly, and have joined Northern Territory Alliance. My true purpose in coming here today is to invite you to bring your fellow earthlings from your home planet and join me in the Northern Territory Alliance. I know… Earth is a mysterious life planet, and it is impregnated with your kind, but the human race has forcibly occupied your home planet as their own. If you are willing to, the Northern Territory Alliance is willing to reclaim Earth for you…”

Having said this, Master of Banff stopped and looked silently at the faraway Luo Feng. At this point in time, Luo Feng’s eyes started to lose their glow.

However, a split second later—

“Get lost!”

Luo Feng let out a deep growl through gritted teeth all of a sudden.

Hong! Long! Long!

Tremors produced as ripples on the surrounding black ocean waters. An invisible, blurry godly power was exerted.

“Great! Great! Great! You indeed deserve my admiration!” Luo Feng said, staring at Master of Banff. Through his gritted teeth, he snarled, “Well-deserving of the title of Master of Banff! You are indeed well-versed in the art of using illusions for attacks. While leading me into a conversation, you gradually brought me into an illusion as I unconsciously took the bait. I can now consider myself to have seen and tested the skill of the most top-notched, top-tier illusionist for myself.”

That was fast, thought Master of Banff. Even when I am tackling a true universe master, I am able to exert my influence for a while, but the speed at which he broke free from my influence was too fast. This spells trouble.

Master of Banff concealed his shock. He had just managed to penetrate through—had just led Luo Feng into an illusion—but Luo Feng had managed to detect it and speedily broke free, hence dismissing his godly power.

“Truly worth the admiration,” said Luo Feng. He grasped the handle of his ghost blade slung across his back and drew his sword out in an instant. With eyes staring, he gave his challenge. “Master of Banff, let me show you what I am capable of.”

Luo Feng moved in a split second. His speed was extremely fast.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The black ocean water that was surrounding them was rolling and tumbling. Layer after layer of waves suppressed Luo Feng, and even with the help of his Shi Wu Wings, his speed was still greatly limited. Master of Banff, on the other hand, managed to retreat at the speed of lightning; so while Luo Feng was under suppression within the domain of the Floating Mountain Ocean, Master of Banff was, on the contrary, benefitting from it.

Master of Banff reported the information immediately. “Queen, soul control failed. His willpower and consciousness were too strong— comparable to those of an ordinary universe master. He is extremely determined, and I suspect he still has a soul type true treasure.”

He was reporting the information as required when Master of Banff also came to realize that… he had failed to achieve the first goal. He could only rely on the second goal.

“Meet your doom!”

Master of Banff stayed far away and looked at Luo Feng. His eyes were a dazzling shade of sparkling cyan—beautiful enough to pull on one’s heartstrings. But suddenly, his eyes seemed to turn into two blue crystals, and an invisible soul seemed to charge rapidly into Luo Feng’s mind. In his mind, two gigantic blue whirlpools revolved at mind-numbing speed.

Peng!

The two blue whirlpools collided. Pieces of blue crystals formed, which headed toward where Luo Feng’s godly power was and penetrated it.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Within the life imprints of his godly power, Luo Feng felt as though acid had been splashed onto his skin. The pain was so intense that it bore through his very soul. Yet Luo Feng remained expressionless. He had made it through life and death inheritance. How could he bow down so easily?

Luo Feng growled a command deep in his heart. “Afterimage! Stand guard!”

The amethyst-like triangular crystal that was hanging in the middle of his chest immediately spurted countless law threads, connecting every inch of godly power on his body, bringing about a layer of life imprints over him that seemed to act like a layer of armor. At the same time, the strange sounds of beastly roaring could be heard coming out of the triangular crystal. The roars were transmitted throughout his entire being, rapidly easing the pain he suffered from. He also managed to control his own godly power quickly. He charged at the two gigantic blue whirlpools with unrestrained craze. He wanted to banish them entirely, to the extent of complete annihilation.

“Destroy! Destroy! Destroy!”

Master of Banff’s gaze was fixated on Luo Feng from afar. The blue crystals in his eyes were in continuous revolution, which in turn, issued a continuous transmission of an intangible but impactful energy at Luo Feng.

“The first goal has failed, but I refuse to believe that I am unable to kill him by penetrating his soul,” said Master of Banff. “I will see to your demise!”

Master of Banff was giving it his all. Killing a soul was a completely different story from a material kill. Once a soul was killed, only the life imprints would completely disappear. Luo Feng’s godly body would still look the same; the only difference would be that he had fallen. Just like the Soaring Sky Master.

Hong!

Luo Feng heard a resonating roar before him. He stared at Master of Banff and said, “You have failed.”

He had Force Armor and Afterimage as a double defense mechanism, yet it was still a laborious and strenuous fight. The Demon Alliance, the Automaton Race Alliance, and the Bug Clan Alliance had specifically sent Master of Banff, who was indeed extremely powerful in areas of illusion and soul attacks. A pity he was still so far from the mark, especially if he had intended to use soul-killing on Luo Feng.

“You…” Master of Banff was in disbelief, but he knew he could only report to Bug Clan Queen: “The second goal failed! Luo Feng may have an extremely powerful soul type true treasure. His speed of defense is much too quick. My guess is he may possibly own a top-tier soul type true treasure!”

When universe supreme masters from the bug race, the automaton race, and the demon race heard the news, they felt angry and discontented.

But getting angry was pointless. Whether they tried soul control or soul killing, everything so far had failed!

“Banff, move on to the third goal,” Bug Clan Queen commanded. “Simply kill Luo Feng! Take back everything he has. All the valuables that he took away from universe knights. And also, take the true treasures that he has on him. Take everything back. If we can just obtain some top-tier soul type true treasures and various other true treasures, this operation will still be worth the while.”

“Yes,” replied Master of Banff.


Chapter 1118: He Laughed Longest

Master of Banff stepped on the black water. He held a cyan spear ten times longer than his godly body. There were bloodstains on the spike, and it looked ancient and bloody.

“Luo Feng, even if you are already a universe master, you’ll die today!” Master of Banff roared, and his hoofs stepped on the water.

He dashed toward Luo Feng with his spear point toward him. The entire space trembled because of that. It was a technique that contained the path of space and time!

“Hahaha, come!” Luo Feng waved his wing, and his body instantly blurred, and the space and time beside him went into disorder. He charged forward like a trace of light, but under the suppression of the domain of Floating Mountain Ocean, he couldn’t fly too fast.

Hu! La!

Master of Banff stabbed at Luo Feng with the spear! The attack didn’t seem all that powerful, but Luo Feng felt that the entire universe was being pierced by the spear. A visible linear crack appeared in the space on the original star.

A golden light shone! It was sharp and cold!

“Dang!”

Blood Ghost Blade hit the tip of the spear. The power contained within the two weapons collided. Silently, the black ocean of a 60-square-mile area was cleared, and the plain around them also vanished. And then the rumbling sound spread.

Luo Feng bounced away like a car hit by a truck while Master of Banff took a couple of steps back.

“An ultimate technique of universe masters?” Master of Banff stared in disbelief at Luo Feng in the distance. “Why’s your life gene level still 100 times if you’re able to create an ultimate technique of universe masters? The human race should have helped improve your life gene level instead.”

“Why do you ask so many questions?” Luo Feng said as he regained his balance in the sky.

He knew why Master of Banff was asking him this. Ordinary life forms like the human race, the demon race, the bug race, the space beasts, and Mosha bodies were only able to increase their life gene level to 100 times, and that was the limit! Many universe overlords had reached that level. However, universe masters were creatures outside of space and time; they became the masters over space and time, which was why they were called “universe masters.”

To sector lords, undying fighters, and universe knights, the limits of life gene level was 100 times. However, universe masters—creatures who lived outside space and time—could surpass the limit of 100 times and improve their life gene levels, thus strengthening their godly bodies. The size of their bodies might be larger as well.

The constraint of size and life gene level was nothing to universe masters. They were able to approach the perfect life gene level of 10,081 times, but it was extremely difficult. Normally, universe masters were able to improve their life gene level to 1,000 times, and it was almost impossible to increase it to 5,000 times. As for the perfect life gene level, it only existed in legends!

“If you are indeed a universe master, you should’ve increased your life gene level before creating any techniques,” Master of Banff snorted. “Or you’re just a universe knight with a life gene level of 10,000 times, and the attacking technique you just performed is a bestowed inherited technique!”

“You’ll know whether or not I’m a universe master very soon!” said Luo Feng, and he dashed toward Master of Banff with his Blood Ghost Blade held high.

“Come,” said Master of Banff. “No matter who you are, an exceptional universe knight or a young universe master, I can kill you—even if I follow the path of illusion!”

Master of Banff stepped on the ocean water, and the space around him trembled. He raced toward Luo Feng again.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

They both went mad. Sometimes, Master of Banff used soul attack to affect Luo Feng, and sometimes, he used illusion to affect him. He had a life gene level of almost 2,000 times, and the quality of his godly power was 20 times better than Luo Feng’s… Together with that illusion, within the domain of Floating Mountain Ocean, Luo Feng was being completely suppressed!

Peng!

Luo Feng bounced away and rolled in the water, then quickly charged again. They both used all their power and skills, each trying to kill the other!

Master of Banff was at an advantage within Floating Mountain Ocean, especially with his illusion abilities and far greater godly power! However, Luo Feng had an exceptional pinnacle true treasure, Force Armor, which could weaken any attack to 1/100,000th.

Besides, the godly body of Master of Banff was only 60 miles tall, but Luo Feng’s godly body was more than 55,000 miles tall…!

This was a typical fight between universe masters. Both of them had enormous godly bodies and strong defensive skills, which meant there wasn’t any significant difference between their power. This was why it was extremely difficult for a universe master to die… Unless they put all their efforts! Which was precisely what Luo Feng and Master of Banff were doing! They were burning their godly power!

“I have much higher-quality godly power!” said Master of Banff. “I have a true treasure armor! And my godly body is more than 60 miles tall! I’ll consume you to death!”

It sounded ridiculous, but it was exactly why it was difficult for universe masters to die.

“Master of Banff,” Luo Feng said. He bounced away again and floated in the black water. Then he roared, “Tell that Tong Ling Master to take back Floating Mountain Ocean! Two to one! Not fair!”

Master of Banff smirked. “It’s not a competition! We’re trying to kill you!”

“Damn it…” said Luo Feng. He could distinctively feel his disadvantage against Master of Banff, which was the quality of godly power! They had the same level of techniques, though.

Hong! Long! Long!

An indistinct sound reached Luo Feng and Master of Banff. All the universe knights and universe masters on the original star heard the sound, too.

Long Yan Master, on the other side of the original star, smiled. “Chaos. Finally, you’re here.”

“Thousand Treasures River!” Luo Feng was glad.

Hua! Hua!

The river covered the entire original star.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Thousand Treasures River and Floating Mountain Ocean hit each other on the original star. It was just like when the two domain type treasures of Luo Feng and Tian Yang Knight hit each other. Thousand Treasures River and Floating Mountain Ocean were both top-tier domain type true treasures, and they hit each other relentlessly; each occupied half of the original star, and the center was where Luo Feng and Master of Banff were fighting.

Laughter spread along Thousand Treasures River to Floating Mountain Ocean. “Haha! Tong Ling Master, you and Master of Banff are bullying my disciple together. Don’t you think that’s shameful?”

The voice of Tong Ling Master spread to Thousand Treasures River. “Primal Chaos City Leader, this is an action taken by all the three races. Do you really think this is all we’ve got? Do you really think you can save your disciple? Haha… Just so you know, your disciple is dead even if I don’t do anything.”

Luo Feng glared at Master of Banff, clenching his teeth. Green light glimmered around him.

“E Luo Sector!” Luo Feng clenched his teeth. “It’s E Luo Sector of Bi Long Master!”

Just when the two domain type true treasures from Primal Chaos City Leader and Tong Ling Master hit each other, Master of Banff took out E Luo Sector. He was carrying a domain type true treasure as well!

Heng.

Master of Banff looked at Luo Feng, grinning gleefully. “I’m supposed to kill you in this action! Do you think I wouldn’t come prepared? I was ordered to do soul attack on you first, which is why I haven’t used this until now. With this top-tier domain type true treasure, you’ll die much sooner, as you’re weaker than I am.”

“Great!” Luo Feng smirked. “Fantastic. Hahaha…!”

Master of Banff sensed something wrong. “Why are you laughing?” he demanded.

“Master of Banff,” said Luo Feng, “now I’ll let you know the most powerful technique I’ve created since I became a universe master! I’ve been waiting for this moment for so long, and it’s now time. I bet many of the universe knights of the three races have entered the danger zone.” Luo Feng smirked.

“What’re you saying?” Master of Banff looked a bit intimidated, but then he snorted. “Do whatever you what!”

“Hahaha…!” Luo Feng pointed at the cyan light, and following his laughter, the sky and land turned dark. Boundless dark air started to flow as if they had entered another realm—a realm of chaos filled with chaotic airflow!

It was the supreme inherited technique, “I Am the Universe!” Once I Am the Universe was performed, the diameter could reach 6 billion miles, forming an oval-shaped miniature universe.

“Why is it dark?” wondered one of the universe knights spectating from far away.

“It was all black ocean before, followed by boundless water, and then cyan light. Now, the sky has turned completely dark!”

“Is it the chaos airflow?”

Inside the danger zone gathered a great many universe knights and universe overlords from the three alliances, and they all looked up at the cyan light being surrounded by boundless chaos airflow. The force of the airflow made them stop breathing. Each of them felt that the chaos airflow could annihilate them easily…

Luo Feng stood in the sky, maintaining the miniature universe with a diameter of 6 billion miles. He was the master of the miniature universe.

“How mighty,” Luo Feng said, closing his eyes to enjoy it.

He was only undying when he killed Tian Yang Knight, so the miniature universe he had performed then wasn’t all that powerful. He had needed lots of chaos airflow to kill Devil Fog Knight. However, his godly power had improved 100 times since then, and the miniature universe was 100 times stronger! A little bit of the air could crush a senior universe knight easily.

Luo Feng had a godly body more than 55,000 miles tall, and not even one 1/10,000th of it was consumed. However, I Am the Universe consumed 10 percent of his godly body, and it could only last for nine seconds at a time! How powerful the miniature universe was—that it required such a great amount of godly power!


Chapter 1119: Finishing Everyone Off with a Single Blow

As compared to the previous killing of Tian Yang Knight, Luo Feng’s miniature universe was a full two notches higher in power level. It could completely envelop all the universe knights of the three pinnacle alliances that were within it and wipe them all out at one go. This control over the fate of countless thousands of universe knights gave Luo Feng an unprecedented feeling of liberation and excitement.

“This is the moment I have been waiting for.” At this moment, Luo Feng was carefree. He was entirely without inhibitions—mad with rage.

When Virtual-Real Devil Master had barged his way onto Redbud Island to kill him, Luo Feng had been incredibly angry! However, it did not take him long to realize that this was the law of strength and weakness of the universe. Since he had demonstrated how awfully fearsome the strength of his power was, it was understandable that the three pinnacle races would want to get rid of him. His only worry was that they would continue to bother him. The only solution was to make the three pinnacle races unwilling to provoke him, just like how the three pinnacle races were unwilling to aggravate Primal Chaos City Leader! The question was, how?

Earlier on, Luo Feng had made many kinds of plans to carry out his “Battle to Fame.” The first plan was to achieve a clean kill of the top-tier universe overlord Sky Flower Knight and let the trillions of races in the universe know that Luo Feng had the combat power of a universe master! If the three pinnacle races would henceforth retreat, that would be good; Luo Feng did not want to blow the matter out of proportion. With their retreat, he would also have gained enough fame within the universe to earn a reputation for himself.

However, if the three pinnacle races wanted to blow things out of proportion… Luo Feng had also devised subsequent counteractions as backup plans.

While Luo Feng had been carrying out his initial plan, a terrible development had occurred. Sky Flower Knight had unexpectedly possessed a flying-palace type true treasure, “White Needle,” and had managed to escape from Luo Feng. To make matter worse, he had turned the tables by following Luo Feng instead!

As Luo Feng had not managed to kill Sky Flower Knight, he naturally felt he had not made the impactful statement he’d hoped. On the contrary, Sky Flower Knight was now hot on his heels… which had led to the three pinnacle races choosing to ride the waves and take the opportunity to eradicate Luo Feng!

With the power of Luo Feng’s Mosha body, he had easily shaken Sky Flower Knight off; he could have taken advantage of the time when the three pinnacle races still lacked concrete plans on how to attack him. During that time, he could have made a speedy escape into the nearest whirlpool tunnel and sneak away immediately.

However—Luo Feng had not done so!

He had let Sky Flower Knight follow him about, and after some time, when Luo Feng felt that the three pinnacle races had reached a consensus after negotiations and were starting to deploy forces, he proceeded to shake Sky Flower Knight off his tail! Even when Sky Flower Knight was no longer able to keep up with him, Luo Feng still did not try his make to escape…

In the beginning, he only relied on his original earthling body to fly around and hide about. He was aware that the three alliances would surely deploy numerous universe masters because the ones who had weaker powers were not his match. He was also aware that when they did so, the Hong Alliance would inevitably send universe masters to intervene. Therefore, he could depend on the fact that a large number of universe knights would try to encircle and trap him to determine his whereabouts.

In the beginning, he had not made use of Mosha body to use “Domain,” as he had been worried that the three alliances would not take the bait and carry out their plan. However, numerous universe knights started surrounding him, and Luo Feng also started to kill… Mosha body was able to make use of Domain and move at such an alarming speed that the other universe knights had no chance to escape.

The results revealed that he was indeed quite ruthless, having killed more than 800 universe knights! Of course, this was only for starters!

When the universe master that the three alliances had sent, Master of Banff, finally arrived, Luo Feng met his advances without a trace of fear. Luo Feng had always wanted to challenge a universe master to test his true power and see where he really stood. With Force Armor and Afterimage, and with Golden Horned Beast holding on to Star Tower, even a universe supreme being would not be a life-threatening risk to him, much less a universe master! Luo Feng was confident of staying alive.

The battle with Master of Banff was just a means for him to test his true power and see where he really stood; it was just a way for him to prove his capability. What truly caused the three alliances to feel heartache and regret was his strongest technique: “I Am the Universe.”

Previously, I Am the Universe had a diameter of 60 million miles, and in the original star, those who wanted to encircle and trap him were already within this area. Now, I Am the Universe was ridiculously powerful, and its diameter was 6 billion miles. Out of all the techniques, perhaps only Star Tower could surpass it. Killing these universe knights could be done within the blink of an eye.

Upon achieving this stage of planning, Luo Feng finally managed to reach the climax.

The prominent Long Yan Master stood in midair as he kept trying his best to gain control of a part of time and space to interfere with the other universe masters’ efforts to do likewise. Although he was not very successful, he could still indistinctly feel that in a certain direction from afar, there was an immeasurable and fearsome aura. This aura was shocking.

“Primal Chaos City Leader, what is happening? What has happened?” Long Yan Master shot out a series of questions out of anxiety. “Could this be some special techniques the three races are using?”

He did not know the situation. On the other hand, Primal Chaos City Leader, who was controlling Thousand Treasures River, was crystal clear on what was happening because his Thousand Treasures River had touched that gigantic miniature universe.

“This… this is…” Primal Chaos City Leader was very much taken aback. “There is already a hint of the mystique of a primal universe! This technique is already considered to be at a level of the most powerful technique of a universe master. Who could be using such a technique? Could it be that fellow, Banff? Has he already comprehended the most powerful technique of a universe master?”

Primal Chaos City Leader was indeed shocked. Whatever this technique was, it would be categorized as being at the pinnacle or ultimate level. However, the ultimate techniques created by a universe master would be further graded as high- or low-performing. Some might have barely made it past the threshold to be considered an ultimate technique, while the others might have attained the “limit” of an ultimate technique. These would be the so-called “strongest techniques of a universe master”! They represented the limit a universe master could achieve!

The universe masters capable of creating techniques of such a standard were all well-renowned in the universe. For instance, Primal Chaos City Leader and Nine Remoteness Master…

On the surface, it was impossible to tell who was the creator of this miniature universe.

“If Master of Banff can achieve this, then… Then this is bad news,” said Primal Chaos City Leader, beginning to feel frustrated.

…

“What…?” gasped Tong Ling Master. He shared the same amount of shock. His Floating Mountain Ocean also touched this miniature universe and felt the limitless power it contained. “The strongest technique of a universe master?”

Tong Ling Master could differentiate in an instant. It was simple. If one stance of this technique could transform a godly power into its most original form of chaotic airflow, then this must be the limit of a universe master! And probably only the technique of a universe supreme being would be able to surpass such a technique.

“Who could have created it?” wondered Ton Ling Master. “Luo Feng? Impossible! Banff? Right, his accomplishment of soul abilities is said to be on the top level of all universe masters. I shouldn’t be surprised that he can create this miniature universe.” Tong Ling Master sighed to himself. “To think that Banff is one step ahead of me and managed to create a technique of such standard when I have yet to succeed.”

Creating an ultimate technique posed no difficulty to a universe master. It was all about whether there was enough time spent achieving it. But as for the limit of an ultimate… According to legends, the strongest technique of a universe master was something the majority of universe masters could not create.

On Original Star Number 02933, a miniature universe suddenly appeared. Outside of it was Primal Chaos City Leader, Long Yan Master, Tong Ling Master, and a few other universe masters, all of whom were clueless of its true creator; there were many who were inclined to believe that it was the creation of Master of Banff.

But in that miniature universe…

“Banff, you could actually create a strongest technique?” A towering beast with six thick, strong, clawed hoofs and a very long nose had just detected the limitless chaotic airflow in the surroundings and was momentarily shocked. He was quick to let out a sound that echoed in the cyan light of Master of Banff’s “Oro Boundary.”

“Hahaha, congratulations, Banff,” and another universe master. This one was in a different kind of human form with a black-scaled helmet and three eyes with a dark red glow.

This time, the three races sent out nine universe masters. The other six universe masters were dispersed in all directions. While Master of Banff was battling Luo Feng, there were two other universe masters rushing to get into the area within the danger zone.

Suddenly, a voice filled with rage resonated through the area the two universe masters were in. “This technique was not used by me!” said the voice. “It’s Luo Feng! The human Luo Feng!”

The two universe masters were dumbfounded.

“What…?”

How was that possible?

“Quick, we need to join efforts to break this technique!” Master of Banff urged with great anxiety. “The power of this technique is extremely strong! My top-tier domain type true treasure is unable to break it open at all!”

“Okay.”

“Together!”

There was no time to waste feeling shocked by Luo Feng using such a technique. The other two universe masters were quick to understand the severity of the trouble they were facing. Such a large miniature universe must have enveloped a great many universe knights within it. If all of them were killed, reversing time and space to resurrect such a large number might not be possible even if all the universe masters of the three alliances were to try until they were gravely injured!

When Luo Feng’s miniature universe had just started to take form, Master of Banff knew right away that something was not right. He tried to manipulate his top-tier domain type true treasure, “Oro Boundary,” to create an impact on the entire miniature universe. However, the miniature universe was constructed after the godly power of Luo Feng’s gigantic godly body had internalized the complicated miniature universe picture of secret engravings. His stability was unbelievable.

“Luo Feng! Luo Feng! Don’t mess around!” Master of Banff said, transmitting his voice over to Luo Feng who was far away while he struck the miniature universe with an impact. “There are as many as 6,000 universe knights here! These are universe knights from the three great alliances—not just the Bug Clan Alliance! The number of races implicated is even higher. If you kill them all, you are making yourself the enemy of all those many races! The godly bodies of these 6,000 universe knights would consume an immeasurable amount of godly power. To resurrect them would be a great price to pay. If you kill them all, there will be dire consequences! The three great alliances will go crazy!”

Master of Banff was going mad with anxiety. The valuables of over 6,000 universe knights were important, but their lives were also very important! These were all senior universe knights, and there were even some universe overlords! Resurrecting a universe overlord, a universe supreme being required excessive power… Even resurrecting one to two senior universe knights would be a tough feat for an ordinary universe master; if there were tens or hundreds of them, then only an extremely powerful universe master was able to resurrect them. But resurrecting more than 6,000 of them? Overwhelming!

If universe supreme beings and universe masters of the three alliances were all deployed into action, and all were heavily injured, it would be impossible to resurrect them all. If the task of slowly reversing time and space to resurrect more than 6,000 dead bodies fell on the universe masters—who had to recover their powers on their own prior to resurrecting the rest—how long would that take? If there was a huge price to pay to allow a universe master to continuously recover its power so that he could continue resurrecting, what a ridiculously exorbitant amount would that be!

Compared to the price required for resurrection, the majority of these senior universe knights would use their series of treasures. There were also a few true treasures. But when everything was added together, the accumulated amount might be the value of a pinnacle domain type true treasure! It was still a far cry from the imposing price required for resurrection!

“Offend the three major alliances?” said Luo Feng. “Make them go crazy? Hahaha! Time and again, every one of you has attempted to kill me, destroy my soul, and see to it that I can never be resurrected. And now, you want to negotiate with me?” Suspended in midair, Luo Feng’s eyes flashed with a trace of coldness and insanity, and at the same time, both hands pushed downward in a sudden motion as he shouted, “All of you shall die!”

Hong! Long! Long!

The unlimited chaotic airflow of the entire miniature universe was like a gigantic metal board beyond measure. It moved downward, suppressing everything beneath it! Those countless cyan lights were simply irresistible.

“Ah!”

“No!”

Over 6,000 universe knights from the Bug Clan Alliance, the Demon Alliance, and the Automaton Race Alliance looked up at the sky and let out cries of shock. Then a thunderous bang sounded, and the entire miniature universe seemed to shake under the impact; it was as though the gigantic metal board was crushing thousands of houseflies, making mincemeat out of all of them. All the universe knights were annihilated one after the other. Even their treasures were crushed and shattered…


Chapter 1120: You Are a Universe Master

Just when the other two universe masters tried to fly to the end of the miniature universe to destroy it, the chaos airflow crushed all of the 6,000 universe knights!

“This… This…!”

Both of the universe masters were terrified, as they knew it was a huge issue now.

Master of Banff glared at Luo Feng. “Reckless!”

“Of course I am reckless!” Luo Feng shouted. “You’re all trying to kill me, so why should I show any mercy? I killed them, and now, I’m killing you!”

The endless chaos airflow flooded toward Luo Feng in the miniature universe.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Luo Feng’s godly body became more than 600 miles tall, and the Blood Ghost Blade became several hundred miles long. The chaos airflow infused the Blood Ghost Blade, and there was a blurry shadow around the blade.

“Take this!” Luo Feng roared.

“Kill me? How arrogant you are!” Master of Banff dashed toward Luo Feng with his spear.

The attack Master of Banff had was affecting space and time with the help of E Luo Sector. As for the attack from Luo Feng, it had the power of the miniature universe and was backed by the ultimate technique Golden Light.

Hong!

When they hit each other, the power turned everything around them hollow; the chaos airflow, the green light from E Luo Sector, and the particles were all blocked outside.

Master of Banff almost bounced away while Luo Feng only took two steps back.

“Hahaha…!” Luo Feng laughed and raced forward again.

“What…?” Master of Banff had his eyes wide open. He hadn’t expected to be at a disadvantage.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

At the level of Master of Banff, the moves were extremely quick, and they hit each the other dozens of times in only three seconds. Master of Banff was at a disadvantage every time… When they hit each other for the final time, the miniature universe was completely gone, followed by the chaos airflow.

“Haha!” laughed Luo Feng. “Master of Banff, I can’t kill you, so there’s no pointing fighting you. I’ll leave first.”

Luo Feng shook his wing and flew into the distance like a streak of light. His voice was resounding.

“Don’t run!” Master of Banff roared and chased Luo Feng like a streak of light.

E Luo Sector tried to stop Luo Feng as well. However, Luo Feng’s Shi Wu Wings broke the resistance from the E Luo Sector, and he kept flying faster and faster. Though he didn’t have fast acceleration, he reached light speed when Master of Banff was around 6,000 miles away from him.

They continued flying, remaining 6,000 miles away from each other. Luo Feng used the miniature universe this time. He manipulated the chaos airflow and killed more than 6,000 universe knights. It only took him six seconds to finish the entire process, and he was talking to Master of Banff during that… When the miniature universe lasted for nine seconds, Luo Feng stopped the godly power, and the miniature universe dissipated. 10 percent of Luo Feng’s godly body was gone because of that.

“Unfortunately, they’re too far from me, and I can’t take their true treasures and treasures,” Luo Fen whispered while flying, and he was smug.

Of course he was smug! It would be an incident that would never be forgotten in the universe! He had killed more than 6,000 universe knights (the weakest being senior universe knights) at once. Such an event was extremely rare, even in the entire long history of wars in the universe.

More than 6,000 universe knights attempted to encircle Luo Feng, yet he had killed them all at once. This was something that had never happened before. In the history of the universe, the powers would fight each other, and a supreme being would race to their enemies’ homes and be slaughtered.

Luo Feng looked back and transmitted his voice. “Master of Banff, you can’t do anything. Why’re you still chasing me?”

“Damn it!” Master of Banff refused to give up.

It was a major issue now. This wasn’t a war related to the survival of races. This was just an attempt to kill Luo Feng, and yet the three pinnacle races had suffered such losses! Master of Banff was infuriated.

“Thousand Treasures River!”

Luo Feng kept flying to Thousand Treasures River, and Thousand Treasures River and Floating Mountain Ocean continued colliding with each other.

Finally, Luo Feng flew into the domain of Thousand Treasures River.

“Haha…” Luo Feng looked back at Master of Banff. “Why aren’t you chasing me anymore?”

“Don’t be smug, Luo Feng!” Master of Banff spat angrily in a hoarse voice. “I do admire your power. It’s indeed incredible that you created a supreme technique! However, it’s not going to end this way. You killed more than 6,000 universe knights of the three races. Do you really think they’re going to let this go?”

“I guess I’ll wait and see.” Luo Feng grinned.

Master of Banff glared at Luo Feng. “You won’t be able to handle it.”

“Really?” Luo Feng smiled and flew toward the center of Thousand Treasures River.

Heng!

Master of Banff turned around and flew away. Since he controlled E Luo Sector, the valuables left by the dead 6,000 universe knights flew toward him. However, the valuables were only able to move at less than 180,000 miles per second. It would take a long time for all the valuables to reach him.

Primal Chaos City Leader sensed something wrong when he saw the miniature universe. “Did Master of Banff create supreme technique?” he wondered aloud. “Luo Feng’s in deep trouble this time. It seems that soul control and soul penetration both have failed, and if the body of Luo Feng dies, the true treasures will be lost.”

“Huh? He went out?”

Primal Chaos City Leader saw that the universe dissipated, and was Luo Feng flying toward him. However, Thousand Treasures River wasn’t able to detect the valuables left by the dead universe knights because of the resistance from E Luo Sector. However, what Master of Banff said spread to Thousand Treasures River.

Master of Banff said, “I do admire your power. It’s indeed incredible that you created a supreme technique! However, it’s not going to end this way. You killed more than 6,000 universe knights of the three races. Do you really think they’re going to let this go?”

Primal Chaos City Leader was truly amazed.

Luo Feng heard a voice from Thousand Treasures River. “Luo Feng.”

“Teacher,” said Luo Feng.

“Did you perform that supreme technique of universe masters?”

“Yes, I did,” Luo Feng admitted.

“You killed all those universe knights?”

“Yes, I did. None of them survived,” answered Luo Feng.

Primal Chaos City Leader went silent.

Luo Feng had been able to perform a supreme technique! He had killed more than 6,000 universe knights with one strike! Even Primal Chaos City Leader was dazed by such a piece of news. It was a miracle!

“Anything can happen in the universe…” Primal Chaos City Leader whispered, and then he transmitted his voice. “Luo Feng, from now on, you’re a universe master.”

“I am actually not a universe master yet,” said Luo Feng.

Luo Feng needed to hide the truth from the other races. However, he didn’t need to hide it from his teacher, and his teacher would be able to tell the difference.

“You’re a universe master now,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “What do you think the difference is between you and a real universe masters? Even if you become one in the future, you’re just going to get a stronger godly body and gain control over space and time! It won’t have a huge impact on your amplification even if you become a universe master.”

Luo Feng understood what his teacher was talking about. When other great beings became universe masters, they would have stronger godly bodies and better law comprehension, and thus, they were able to create more powerful techniques, which made them much stronger than universe overlords.

However, the case was different for Luo Feng. Luo Feng’s technique was already a supreme technique of universe masters, and even if he became a universe master, he would just have purer godly power. And control over space and time didn’t help anything in combat between universe masters.

Though Master of Banff found it really puzzling, he still told Bug Empress the news.

“Empress, Luo Feng just performed a supreme technique of universe masters, and the power was so strong that it formed a gigantic world with a diameter of 6 billion miles. All the universe knights within that range died.”

Actually, he hadn’t needed to pass the news at all. When all the universe knights disappeared at the same time, the races within the three alliances were already furious and shouting.

The universe masters of the three alliances roared. “Do you really think our alliances can still walk around the universe if Luo Feng stays alive? It’s a disgrace! A disgrace to our alliances!”

“We need to kill Luo Feng! Kill him now!”

“How? Do you think the Hong Alliance are fools?”

The universe masters kept debating. They all agreed that it was a disgrace. Other powers would see them as jokes, and Luo Feng would gain his fame by using the three alliances as stepping stones, which could not be tolerated by the universe masters from the three alliances.

Dream Demon Ancestor, Bug Empress, and Father God met each other again and started to discuss what to do.


Chapter 1121: Court Death

It was as if that the ancient sky were frozen, creating a horribly depressive atmosphere.

Four minds became four huge phantoms and arrived at three different locations. A being with a gigantic silver snake’s head and a strange beast covered with a sawtooth shell appeared in one location. A breathtaking being appeared at another location. A giant, oval-shaped phantom was at another.

“We all know what happened already.” The voice of the breathtaking being, Bug Empress, was still gentle and seductive as usual. “Luo Feng performed a supreme technique of a universe master and created a miniature universe, and all the 6,000-something universe knights trapped inside were killed instantly. He also defeated Master of Banff and went back to the Thousand Treasures River of his teacher, Primal Chaos City Leader.”

“Empress, Master of Banff, you chose this!” the black oval phantom said angrily.

A hoarse voice came from the strange, sawtooth-shelled beast. “Bug Empress,” it said, “Master of Banff executed that, and your alliance should bear more responsibilities.”

The voice from Bug Empress sounded cold. “You’ve agreed to this. Besides, who could have expected Luo Feng to perform a supreme technique of a universe master? Even if it had been a universe master from your races, it wouldn’t have done a better job.”

The other two demon ancestors and Father God from the automaton race understood this, but they had lost too much this time. Only a few of the fallen 6,000 universe knights had multiple body techniques. Besides, Luo Feng had killed an additional 800, meaning there were around 7,000 universe knights to be resurrected! And they were at least senior universe knights! This was a terrific figure.

The issue had to do with the distribution of responsibilities, which was why the beings of the demon race and he automaton race brought up the fact that Master of Banff had fallen short, following which, they could demand more.

“Humph!” Bug Empress snorted. “We’ll resurrect the universe knights of our own! Don’t even think about asking us, the bug alliance, to revive more.”

“Empress,” said the being with the giant snake’s head. “We, the demon alliance, sent the most universe knights this time. More than half of the universe knights on that original star were of the demon alliance! And more than half of the universe knights who died were from demon alliance! We contributed the most, and now, we’re responsible for the most? Not fair!”

“We didn’t force you to send so many universe knights,” said Bug Empress. “You sent all those universe knights voluntarily, and now, it’s your responsibility to bear the consequence. Besides, we agreed before that we would be responsible for our own universe knights who died.”

Nobody expected that so many universe knights would die. They all thought that only few universe knights would die. They only realized that they’d been wrong after Luo Feng’s Mosha body had shown up. They could still have dealt with the death toll at that point. However, the one-time massacre at the end had left them hurting. And now, they were quarreling with each other.

Even supreme beings like universe supreme masters wouldn’t acquiesce easily when it came to race interests. Plus, the stakes were huge this time. Resurrecting one senior universe knight would severely injure a universe master! Only those universe masters with gigantic godly bodies like World Tree and Mountain Giant were able to revive more.

The size of godly bodies determined the number of universe knights that a universe master was able to revive! The larger their godly bodies were, the more they were able to revive! However, there were around 7,000 universe knights! The dead universe overlords alone were a huge burden to those four universe supreme masters, and there were only so many universe masters within the three alliances! They wouldn’t be able to resurrect all those universe knights even if all of them were injured.

“In my opinion,” said the oval-shaped phantom, “we should stop arguing and go ask Nine Remoteness Master for help! Nine Remoteness Master’s Nine Remote Ocean rivals a supreme true treasure, and it’s totally able to resurrect 7,000 universe knights!”

“The more one resurrects, the more serious the backlash from the universe would be!” said the silver snake-headed being. “Nine Remote Master is indeed able to withstand the backlash using his Nine Remoteness Ocean. However, most of the universe knights who died haven’t been to Nine Remoteness Ocean, which means Nine Remoteness would have to come here to resurrect them. Nine Remote Ocean cannot be moved. A godly body made by Nine Remoteness Master… His godly bodies are able to revive a universe knight initially, but the backlash will be much stronger later… And he might not be able to revive one universe knight.”

All of them went quiet. The universe would punish those who turned back time to revive great beings, as it was against the universe operation law. The more one went against it, the more serious the punishment would be, as it was provoking the universe origin! Of course, Nine Remoteness Ocean was able to withstand it. Unfortunately, Nine Remoteness Ocean couldn’t be moved.

“We can’t let all the universe masters revive the universe knights,” said the oval-shaped phantom. “It’ll severely weaken our alliances, but we can’t take too long to revive them, as we’ve already made a promise. I think we can go ask those universe masters of special life forms. Our alliances have several, and the Northern Territory Alliance and the Ancestral God School have many more. Each of them is able to resurrect more than 100 universe knights, and we’ll be responsible for those universe overlords, after which we can revive some universe knights.”

The universe supreme masters quickly reached an agreement. It was the plan that was least costly. The responsibilities would be distributed equally; each alliance lost one pinnacle domain type true treasure, which pained those universe supreme masters.

“The plan to resurrect universe knights is settled,” said the black phantom. “We need to talk about that Luo Feng now.”

“We have to kill Luo Feng!” said Bug Empress.

“He has the multiple bodies technique, and he has tremendous power,” said the strange, sawtooth-shelled beast in an old, raspy voice. “Even universe masters can’t deal with him—unless we go kill him ourselves. However, there are only four of us. There’s no way we should all go! Yet we won’t be able to catch him if only one of us goes. Regardless, I agree with you, Bug Empress. We suffered great losses this time, and our alliances will be seen as a joke to other powers in the universe! We need to kill at least one of his bodies!”

“I agree,” sand the beast with the silver snake’s head.

“Kill one of his bodies and take his true treasures!” said the oval phantom. “Otherwise, we’ll be laughed at forever.”

“Luo Feng has a Mosha body,” said the beast in his old voice, “and he’s extremely fast. We might not be able to catch him.”

“Even if he can get out of original stars,” said Bug Empress, “we’ll keep hunting him, and we’ll kill him and seize his true treasures.”

They all understood that Luo Feng killing all those universe knights had already brought shame upon them. Even if killing one of Luo Feng’s bodies didn’t help much, they would become a complete joke if they couldn’t even kill one body of Luo Feng.

“Ask other universe masters to track Luo Feng. We’d better constraint him!”

“Dream Tea, you’ll be responsible for it.”

“Okay.”

On Original Star Number 02933, a blurry shadow of Primal Chaos City Leader materialized in front of Luo Feng within Thousand Treasures River. The real body of Primal Chaos City Leader was more than 18 billion miles away from Luo Feng.

“Teacher, you want me to court death?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“Our alliance all cheered what you did, and I would’ve done the same thing if I were you,” said the phantom of Primal Chaos City Leader. “However, the three alliances were the ones who did wrong first, so they couldn’t respond excessively.”

Luo Feng nodded. Universe masters were usually forbidden to commit mass slaughtering among superpowers. Otherwise, it would be provoking another power, which might eventually lead to war. However, the three alliances had wanted to kill Luo Feng first, so it wouldn’t lead to war.

“But they need to save face!” continued Primal Chaos City Leader. “Those three alliances suffered such great losses from you. If they just let it go, they’ll be ridiculed by the entire universe. They will attack you again, and a universe supreme master might arrive. To save face, they must kill you, even if they only kill one of your bodies. You can put all your true treasures with other bodies and send one of your bodies, like Mosha body, and let him court death! It’ll only take a little bit of your godly power, and those three alliances can publicly claim that they killed you.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng. “What do you think?”

Luo Feng pondered what Primal Chaos City Leader had said. He wasn’t a fool. If it weren’t for the plan he already had, he would have said yes. After all, it wasn’t a shame at all for Mosha body to die at the hands of a universe supreme master. Unfortunately, it would go against his “Blood Cloud” plan.

“Teacher, I won’t fight them,” said Luo Feng, “but I won’t just walk to my own death. Teacher, you know what I’m capable of. I can certainly get out of the original star easily.”

“Even if you do, they’ll keep hunting you,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Just let your Mosha body die and get it over with.”


Chapter 1122: The Great Freedom

Thousand Treasure River condensed to form a blurred image of Primal Chaos City Leader, who was smiling as he spoke. “Your opponent killed you so easily, and of course, they knew that you allowed yourself to be killed on purpose. But they wanted face! You are a new and upcoming individual, so bowing down to the three top powers was not a big deal. But this time, over 6,000 universe knights were killed in one go. It is news big enough to shock the entire universe. Your fame has skyrocketed. No single great being would dare belittle you anymore, including the universe supreme beings.”

Luo Feng nodded. Even if the enemies were the three great alliances, even if they wanted to kill Luo Feng, they had to admit… not one of them dared to underestimate him.

“Teacher, allowing my Mosha body out would be equivalent to asking me to watch it get killed by our opponents without doing anything to help.” Luo Feng shook his head. “Courting death in such a manner is not my cup of tea. Even if they were to kill me in the future, they would have to do so with true capability.”

“Since you have made up your mind, I will not stop you,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “It’s just that the bad blood between you and the three great alliances will continue to intensify.”

Luo Feng smiled and said, “There is nothing to fear, even if there is much hatred!” His smile carried absolute confidence. He had established a name for himself within the universe, but he had relied solely on himself to achieve all these. Of course he was not afraid of any great being!

“Good!” Primal Chaos City Leader’s blurred image nodded and replied, “What should be done? You just go ahead and do it!

“Yes.” Luo Feng gave a slanted smile and right away, he started to summon his Mosha body out while his original earthling body went back into the world ring.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Luo Feng’s Mosha body flashed continuously. Being within the Thousand Treasure River domain did not cause any interference to his speed at all. Luo Feng was able to maintain a speed of a few million miles per second, and it only took him a minute or two to make it to the next nearest whirlpool tunnel. There were a total of 10,081 whirlpool tunnels on every original star, and the distance between two such whirlpool tunnels was approximately 600 million miles.

“Time to go!”

Luo Feng went through this whirlpool tunnel immediately and arrived at another original star—Original Star Number 0829.

“Hahaha…”

Mosha Luo Feng displayed his talent technique “Domain” once again, and within a mere five minutes, he went through another whirlpool tunnel and arrived at another original star.

Domain was an uncommon talent technique that only gifted ones could possess. Some could not be mastered even with due diligence. Just like the talent technique of dividing bodies—a skill that made many universe masters go green with envy. Domain allowed Mosha body to fuse with space in an instant and break away thereafter.

Why was the fusion possible? It was because the Mosha body possessed a “life crystal” with 10,081 different planes. Before its transformation, it might have reached a consensus with the space laws and thus possessed heightened senses, but it was still unable to fuse with space. Upon absorbing the essence of the “heart of space,” however, this life crystal had started to undergo changes. That was when it had gained the ability to completely fuse with space.

Universe masters and universe supreme beings were unable to completely fuse with space and were thus unable to become a part of space.

About ten minutes after Luo Feng left Original Star Number 02933, a towering and winding, gigantic silver snake emerged from the whirlpool tunnel and remained suspended in mid-air.

Hong!

Limitless power spread throughout the entire original star within a split second. Unbelievable willpower shrouded the whole original star. In the brief moment, he had taken control over all of time and space on this part of the original star. The control over time and space by universe masters was always a far cry when compared to that of universe supreme beings, who were even able to bring about a temporary withdrawal of universe laws.

Of course, original stars were situated nearest the land of origins of the universe. The universe origins could not be defied or provoked; in the land of origins, not even universe supreme beings could teleport about, and one’s flying speed was unable to surpass the speed of light. After all, if one were to engage in a fight with the universe origins, even the mightiest universe supreme beings would be on the losing end.

“Dream Demon Ancestor.” All the universe masters, including Primal Chaos City Leader and Long Yan Master showed their respects.

“Primal Chaos City Leader, where is your disciple, Luo Feng?” Dream Demon Ancestor’s voice was transmitted through space and immediately resonated in Primal Chaos City Leader’s ears.

“My disciple, Luo Feng, left this original star earlier.” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “Since Dream Demon Ancestor is here, Long Yan Master and I shall take our leave.”

“Let’s go.”

Primal Chaos City Leader and Long Yan Master sped toward the whirlpool tunnel that was not far behind them and made their exit from this original star through the tunnel.

“Humph!” A grunt resonated throughout the entire original star. Dream Demon Ancestor sneered after them, enraged. “All of you nine universe masters must start heading out to the other original stars,” he ordered. “Search every original star you get to and find Luo Feng.”

“Understood!”

Universe masters were highly efficient when it came to conducting searches. The moment they arrived at the various original stars, they would gain control of time and space right away. At that point, scouring the entire planet was a piece of cake! Luo Feng’s Mosha body and other disguises would all be rendered useless. Besides, all three alliances had each sent close to ten universe masters to conduct large-scale searches.

After all, during the opening of the original stars, there were already a sizable number of universe masters entering the stars in search of treasures. The only trouble was that flying from one whirlpool tunnel to another was quite time-consuming.

One after the other, universe masters were arriving. They all started to us “control of time and space,” which shocked the numerous universe knights who were clueless about the major event that had brought about this large-scale search. However, very quickly, they all caught wind of the news of the unbelievable event that had happened on Original Star Number 02933.

Such a major event would never be able to be kept under wraps. Furthermore, the Hong Alliance had been adding fuel to the fire, hence causing the news to spread even faster.

“Luo Feng has defeated Master of Banff? With one stance of his talent technique, he killed over 6,000 universe knights, and those were all at least at the level of senior universe knights. There were even a few universe overlords! This is not a joke, right?”

“It’s true! The news is already spreading!”

“Over 6,000 universe knights, all killed with one move?”

“Has Luo Feng become a universe master?”

“God…”

“Blade River Emperor? Wrong! He should now be ‘Blade River Master’!”

“Back when I was in the Ancestral God School, in the virtual space above the open public square, I witnessed his fight against Bark Mirror Emperor. It happened not too long ago, probably only around 20,000 years. Since then he has become a universe master? What a miracle! What unbelievable defiance. This Luo Feng… he is so powerful.”

“Over 6,000 universe knights! If I could kill over 6000 universe knights in one move, my name would be remembered throughout the universe, and countless races would come to know me and continue to spread my name. If this is the case, even if I were to be annihilated right away, I would do so with a most willing heart.”

“You must be out of your mind.”

The explosive news hit the billions of races like a tornado and drove countless great beings into a frenzied state. This was practically a fairytale. The unbelievable rate at which Luo Feng had risen was what made countless universe knights look up to him. He now stood on the highest pinnacle, shoulder-to-shoulder with all the other universe masters. Of one accord, they all started to address Luo Feng as “Blade River Master.”

Luo Feng was indeed stepping on the three major races and had defeated over 6,000 universe knights to become a legend who shocked the universe. It was equivalent to announcing to the trillions of races, “I, Luo Feng, have officially joined the ranks of pinnacle great beings of the vast universe!”

Among the hills in Original Star Number 03129, a being wearing a blood-red battle robe and a mask, with a pair of golden horns on his head and a tail extending out from behind his robe, made himself comfortable by leaning against a mound behind him.

Luo Feng smiled. “So comfortable.”

With his Mosha body, he continuously went through one whirlpool tunnel to the next at high speed. After three consecutive transfers through three different whirlpool tunnels, he decided to remain on Original Star Number 03129, where he quickly put his Mosha body back in his world ring and let his Golden Horned Beast body take the form of Blood Cloud Palace Master before coming out.

Now, Mosha body and his original earthling body are in the world ring while on the outside… there was Blood Cloud Palace Master! The renowned Blood Cloud Palace Master!

“Hahaha…”

Luo Feng leaned against the mound and laughed out loud. How carefree!

It was such a chore being on the run previously, where he also had many things to take account for. For example, taking care not to compromise any of the Hong Alliance’s benefits. Now that he had a change in identity—transforming into Blood Cloud Palace Master—he did not need to worry about anything more since Blood Cloud Palace Master already was everyone’s enemy! This sort of freedom to wander about anywhere in a carefree manner was satisfying.

Luo Feng stretched out his hands, and a long shuttle with red lines appeared! One end of the shuttle was thick while the other was sharp, and it seemed very ordinary. In fact, this was Star Tower in another form after being disguised by Blood Cloud Pearl. Blood Cloud Pearl was extremely powerful in its ability to use disguises, but, of course, the disguises would not be too far off the mark to be considered ridiculous. For instance, it would be impossible to disguise Star Tower as a domain type true treasure, that would not work out.

Star Tower was originally in the shape of a tower with a thick lower end and a sharp top; it was just slightly disguised into the form of an ancient, long shuttle! Henceforth, this long shuttle was Blood Cloud Palace Master’s new weapon!

Luo Feng had lain in the same spot leisurely for more than an hour when a towering figure suddenly stepped through the whirlpool tunnel. He had a strong and burly built and was quite manlike except for the fact that on his head were nine fiery-red tentacles and each tentacle was entwined with a flame. His eyes resembled flaming red rubies. He was the famous Sinking Fire Master.

Hong!

Immeasurable power was unleashed within a split second and fell upon the entire original star. Across the original star, universe knights from the various powers of the universe initially felt shocked, but the next moment, they were all discussing amongst themselves.

“Ah, a universe master.”

“A universe master has arrived.”

“Could it be looking for Blade River Master, Luo Feng, too?”

Obviously, they had all heard the news that at that moment, universe masters of the Demon Alliance, the Bug Clan Alliance, and the Automaton Race Alliance were conducting a large-scale search for Luo Feng. As the search went on, universe masters of the other top powers who were on the 10,081 original stars joined in the fun of watching what was going to happen. They were all curious to know whether, in the end, the three great alliances’ efforts would come to naught, or if they would finally succeed in killing Luo Feng.

“Hmm?”

Sinking Fire Master stood in midair and took control over time and space in this original star to search for Luo Feng, yet he discovered another presence.

What a familiar aura! What familiar power! What familiar armor! What a familiar mask!

A hint of shock flashed in Sinking Fire Master’s eyes as he exclaimed, “Blood Cloud Palace Master!”

If Luo Feng’s offense was that he was too ruthless in his approach toward the three major alliances, then Blood Cloud Palace Master could be said to have created an even bigger storm. He was practically the nightmare of trillions of races within the universe—the universe’s public enemy! Various universe knights and universe overlords had died at his hands. Even universe masters had been killed by him.

“I have found Blood Cloud Palace Master! Blood Cloud Palace Master is now on Original Star Number 03129!” Sinking Fire Master immediately transmitted the news to his other higher-ups of Demon Alliance, including Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor.


Chapter 1123: Fierceness

Dream Demon Ancestor was still waiting for news on that original star

“We didn’t find the human Luo Feng on Original Star Number 08293.”

“We didn’t find the human Luo Feng on Original Star Number 08448.”

The universe masters from the three alliances were adventuring the original stars, and they kept reporting back to Dream Demon Ancestor.

“Dream Tea, have you found Luo Feng?”

Inside the virtual space of Dream Ancestor Secret Region, a giant, strange, sawtooth-shelled beast emerged from the darkness and arrived at the palaces that belonged to Dream Demon Ancestor. He talked to the gigantic silver snake.

“No, we haven’t.”

“You still haven’t?” Shock Demon Ancestor growled. “Luo Feng might’ve already made it back to the human territory given how fast Mosha body is.”

“I think so.” The giant snake’s head turned around and looked at that strange beast. “After all, it’s a death mission for ordinary universe knights. As for universe masters, there are only so many universe masters of the three alliances, and they’re scattered everywhere. It’ll take them a long time to get there, during which time, Luo Feng can run far. He must have arrived back in human territory by now.”

“Dream Tea, what can we do if that human Luo Feng keeps hiding in the primal universe?” asked Shock Demon Ancestor.

“Then we won’t be able to do anything,” answered Dream Demon Ancestor. “The primal universe is controlled by Primal Chao City Leader. Even if we go to the primal universe, we won’t be able to rival Primal Chaos City Leader. He can control the entire primal universe.”

They both went silent. It was common knowledge that Primal Chaos City Leader was invincible in the primal universe.

“That Luo Feng is being stupid!” said Dream Demon Ancestor. “Four pinnacle races have been fighting for an eternity, and no race has been able to annihilate the others. As long as there are universe supreme masters, the fights won’t go too far. If Luo Feng is already able to perform such a terrific technique, it means he’s already a universe supreme master.”

“Perhaps he’s not one yet,” said Shock Demon Ancestor.

“It doesn’t matter now, Shock Horn. He has the power of a universe master. Not only does he have the ultimate techniques of a universe master, but he’s even created a supreme technique of a universe master! At most, one of them is an inherited technique, which means others were created by him, and he has several bodies.” The giant, silver snake’s head was swinging his body and sighing. “Even if we go, we can only kill one of his bodies. We can’t do more than that.”

“If we can’t kill him for good, it won’t matter.”

“If he’s smart enough to send one body to come here, it’ll be over.” Dream Demon Ancestor was a little infuriated. “However, we’ve all lost face. Three alliances will never let him off.”

All the three alliances wanted Luo Feng dead. After all, Luo Feng made them suffer great losses. Unfortunately, they had set Luo Feng up in the first place.

Plus, Luo Feng had the Hong Alliance and the Ancestral God School to protect him. The Hong Alliance was one of the top nine superpowers in the universe! And the Ancestral God School was also secretly protecting Luo Feng. Given Luo Feng’s own power, the three alliances could only kill him if they were willing to risk everything. If he was willing to send one of his bodies to be killed, they wouldn’t go crazy. However, at this point, there was no chance for Luo Feng and the three alliances to ease the situation.

Suddenly, their conversation was interrupted by a piece of breaking news.

“Dream Demon Ancestor, Shock Demon Ancestor, I’ve found Blood Cloud Palace Leader!”

“Blood Cloud Palace Leader is on Original Star Number 03129.”

“Blood Cloud Palace Leader?”

Both Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor were stunned.

“That guy showed up?” Shock Demon Ancestor said. “He dares to show up?”

“Humph! That maniac.” Dream Demon Ancestor was also infuriated. “He’s been missing for millions of eras, and he shows up on an original star now? Even universe supreme masters will find it difficult to kill him on an original star!”

“What should we do now?” asked Shock Demon Ancestor.

“Spread the news and let everyone in the universe know!” said Dream Demon Ancestor. ” Blood Cloud Palace leader is proficient in fleeing, and our demon race alliance won’t be able to catch him by ourselves. It’s going to cost a lot to kill him. Besides, he’s a common enemy to everyone in the universe. We can just let everyone contribute.”

Shock Demon Ancestor nodded. “Okay.”

“Hehe! It’s been a long while. He dares to show his face?” The eyes of Dream Demon Ancestor glinted fiercely.

Blood Cloud Palace Leader appeared on Original Star Number 03129 —the news was spread from the demon race alliance to all the nine superpowers in the universe.

Aside from the nine superpowers, powers like the Thorn Ring Alliance and the Nine Territory Alliance all knew about it as well.

Inside the Ancestral God Palace of the Ancestral God School, there came a furious voice: “Blood Cloud Palace Leader? Blood Cloud showed up? He dared to show up? Sky Beacon Godly Master… You’ll lead the three universe masters under you. Go to the original star and kill that Blood Cloud!”

“Yes, Ancestral God.”

One of the guarding godly masters, Sky Beacon Godly Master, immediately led the other three universe masters and left the Ancestral God Palace.

“It’s Blood Cloud!”

The Northern Territory Alliance had the greatest number of great beings, universe knights, and races. They had suffered the most losses back when Blood Cloud Palace Leader had roamed the universe committing mass slaughters. A great many great beings, including top-tier universe overlords, had been killed. Even a universe master had died.

Blood Cloud Palace would kill anyone he didn’t like—without any feud! Some great beings had once tried to butter him up and attempted to admit him into the Northern Territory Alliance, but they had been crushed and killed by Blood Cloud Palace Leader.

All in all… Blood Cloud Palace Leader was a maniac and extremely evil! He had made himself an enemy to almost all the powers in the universe.

After more than three million eras, the resentment flooded the great beings’ minds when they knew that Blood Cloud Palace Leader showed up again… And the seniors from the Northern Territory Alliance weren’t able to withstand that, either! Blood Cloud Palace Leader disdained the Northern Territory Alliance to its very core!

Immediately, twelve universe masters were ready to kill Blood Cloud Palace Leader.

“Maniac!”

“That maniac dares to show up again? He thinks he’s safer on the original star because universe supreme masters can only fly?”

“Leave him to me! I’ll kill him!”

“Me too.”

“He killed me before, and fortunately for me, our alliance leader resurrected me. Now that I’m a universe master, I’ll kill him for insulting and killing me!”

Space Beast Alliance, Space God Mountain.

“Blood Cloud? He dares to show up?” Space Beast Ancestor roared. “The insult he brought upon our alliance will be paid for with his life!”

“Ancestor, I’ll go kill him,” said a universe master.

“Me too,” said another.

“That bastard. He ran away when I just arrived back then. Our Golden Horned Beast bloodline will be part of this, too.”

Immediately, the Space Beast Alliance decided to send four universe masters to kill Blood Cloud Palace Leader. All the universe masters sent were exceptional ones.

The Hong Alliance: the virtual universe, Hong Alliance City, Hong Alliance Palace.

Huge Axe Creator sat at the center while the palace leaders sat at the sides.

“That Blood Cloud Palace Leader showed up after three million eras! What should we do, Huge Axe?”

“Blood Cloud Palace Leader didn’t mess with us, the Hong Alliance,” said Huge Axe, “and only our alliance managed not to suffer much from him. I don’t think we should meddle this time. Besides, you know Blood Cloud Palace Leader. His ‘Blood Cloud Palace’ is a true treasure used to flee.”

There were discussions about within the Hong Alliance, but nobody was willing to be a part of this event. After all, Blood Cloud Palace Leader didn’t mess with the Hong Alliance, and if the Hong Alliance meddled and Blood Cloud Palace Leader took revenge, it would end badly.

“Let’s see how Blood Cloud Palace Leader fairs,” said Huge Axe.

On Original Star Number 03129.

On a hilltop, Blood Cloud Palace Leader, leaned against a mound, looking quite tranquil. He wore a fiery cape and mask and had a long shuttle.

“Madness…!” exclaimed Luo Feng. “Based on the news from the Hong Alliance, all the powers in the universe are going crazy. Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest, how amazing you are! All the powers except the Hong Alliance want to kill you.”

Luo Feng shook his head in amazement. Even the Ancestral God School and the Space Beast Alliance, with whom he had a great relationship, were coming after him.

“Almost there. The news is widespread already.” Luo Feng nodded.

He stood up immediately. He raised his head, looked around and whispered, “Perhaps all the powers have already taken action. Hahaha… Come and kill me! Just don’t get killed by me instead!”

Hua!

Luo Feng, wearing a fiery cape with a pair of golden horns, flew up into the air.

Sinking Fire Master was performing control over space and time. He kept his eyes on Blood Cloud Palace Leader, and he heard everything Luo Feng said. Sinking Fire Master grew intimidated. He hadn’t expected Blood Cloud Palace Leader to be this rampant.

“Blood Cloud Palace Leader is moving! He’s moving! He’s flying to the whirlpool closest to him!”

Sinking Fire Master immediately reported the news to Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor. The powers of the universe hadn’t formed an encirclement around him yet.

Dream Demon Ancestor replied with an order immediately. “Sinking Fire Master, I order you to restrain Blood Cloud Palace Leader!”


Chapter 1124: The Might of Blood Cloud

“You want me to stop him?”

Sinking Fire Master expressed his unwillingness at once. Although he was a member of the Demon Alliance, he was not actually of demon origin. Instead, he was a leader of a strong race. Blood Cloud Palace Master was infamous, and he had previously killed two universe masters. How strong he was… He definitely belonged to the ranks of pinnacle universe masters. Sinking Fire Master might not be weak, but upon comparing, he still lost to Blood Cloud Palace Master.

“Just to pin him down!” Dream Demon Ancestor ordered, “Besides, you still have your other bodies.”

“I may have my other body,” said Sinking Fire Master, “but this old fellow has not shown himself for more than three million eras. There is no way I can predict what he is capable of. If this body of mine is annihilated, my true treasures shall fall into his hands, too! Furthermore, I have a token of ‘Zhen Chang Valley’ with me.”

Sinking Fire Master was unwilling to take the risk. He was the leader of a strong race, the entire race depended on him.

“Even if this body of yours were to be annihilated, when Blood Cloud Palace Master is killed, all your true treasures will eventually be returned to you,” Dream Demon Ancestor said. “Even if Blood Cloud Palace Master survives this ordeal, whatever loss you incurred, my Alliance shall compensate half the amount! Humph! You are the renowned Sinking Fire Master. Is it possible that you cannot even protect yourself from Blood Cloud Palace Master?

“All right!” said Sinking Fire Master. “Since Demon Ancestor has promised, I shall make my advances.”

Sinking Fire Master ceased to hesitate.

Hong!

He transformed into light and speedily gave chase after Blood Cloud Palace Master.

Luo Feng and Sinking Fire Master were not that far apart—probably only a few dozen million miles away—as Luo Feng sped through space.

“Blood Cloud Palace Master, hold it!” A booming voice resonated in his ears.

“Humph!” Luo Feng sneered and continued moving forward.

The booming voice spoke again. “Blood Cloud Palace Master, I, Sinking Fire Master, would like to speak with you.”

It was obvious that Sinking Fire Master did not really want to fight Luo Feng; after all, the top powers were the ones who bore deep hatred for him. Personally, he did not bear such great enmity toward him, but so long as he could pin him down, he could claim credit for his work done. Even better, if Blood Cloud Palace Master was killed, henceforth, when the time came for treasures to be split and distributed, Sinking Fire Master would naturally be able to claim his share.

“Sinking Fire Master! You think I am as foolish as you are?” Luo Feng brushed him off lightly.

“You—!”

Sinking Fire Master was so mad that he momentarily went speechless. He could not help letting out a sigh. No wonder Blood Cloud Palace Master had enemies all over the universe. He was truly a mean-spirited character. There was no bad blood between the two of them, but in this short exchange of words, Blood Cloud Palace Master had already crudely called him foolish. Wasn’t this an insult to a universe master like himself? If it were some other great being saying the same words, Sinking Fire Master would have roared in rage and prepared for battle, but as it had come from the notorious Blood Cloud Palace Master, his rage dissipated fast.

After all, Blood Cloud Palace Master was naturally cruel-natured. If not, how would he have offended the various top powers of the universe?

One flew ahead while the other gave chase behind. Sinking Fire Master was lagging far behind in his pursuit. At the same time, he was constantly reporting to Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Monster to update them about the latest situation.

“Blood Cloud Palace Master is escaping as fast as he can move,” said Sinking Fire Master. “I am unable to keep up, so keeping him in view may only be temporary.”

After a short moment, Luo Feng flew right into a whirlpool tunnel.

“He has entered a whirlpool tunnel that leads to Original Star Number 06231,” Sinking Fire Master reported immediately.

This news from the Demon Alliance was immediately disseminated out among the super beings, and it took only a short moment for various parties to know that Blood Cloud Palace Master had entered Original Star Number 06231.

“Star River Master, we are about to arrive at Original Star Number 03129, the coordinates of Blood Cloud Palace Master’s whereabouts.”

“Hmm.”

Six universe masters of the Northern Territory Alliance were flying together in the original stars. The leader of them was Star River Master, who had the highest status in the Northern Territory Alliance. Although there was a total of twelve universe masters from the Alliance involved in this operation, the other six were originally in the original star and were thus making their way from the various original stars they were on to join the group.

“Stop!” Star River Master ordered.

The other five towering figures halted in midair at the same time and looked toward Star River Master—a looming black space.

“Blood Cloud Palace Master has already left Original Star Number 03129 and has gone through a whirlpool tunnel to arrive at Original Star Number 06231,” Star River Master announced.

“What should be we do?”

“This spells trouble.”

The other five universe masters all felt that things were looking extremely bleak.

“Get the coordinates of the whirlpool tunnel leading to Original Star Number 06231,” Star River Master barked out his orders. “What is the fastest route to take?”

“If we take a turn after passing by eight original stars, the time we spend on traveling would be the shortest,” a universe master spoke up to answer at once.

“Then let’s take off,” Star River Master ordered.

Hong!

All six universe masters changed their course of flight right away.

The news spread, which indeed caused much dissatisfaction among various powers who were after Blood Cloud Palace Master’s life, but they were all at their wits’ end, too. Every original star had a total of 10,081 whirlpool tunnels. This was the greatest problem when it came to hunting him down for the kill. Maybe…. This was what Blood Cloud Palace Master had counted on when he showed up on the original stars.

Sinking Fire Master’s towering figure also went through the whirlpool tunnel and entered another original star. He had just stepped in and had yet to control time and space to conduct his search.

“Huh?”

Sinking Fire Master looked around in surprise. He could see that, at a distance of approximately 60 million miles away, an endless dark mist pervaded the air. Amidst the dark mist, an ancient palace loomed indistinctly; and in front of that palace, a lone figure stood upright. Shrouded by the dark mist, the figure seemed vague and only faintly discernible.

“Blood Cloud Palace!” Sinking Fire Master recognized the famous treasure right away.

Blood Cloud Palace was a top-tier flying-palace type true treasure! It was an entire level higher than Sky Wolf Palace. Its sturdiness was unmatched… even universe supreme beings would find it hard to cause damage to Blood Cloud Palace. It could release a dark mist over an area as far as hundreds of billions of miles away. The combination of lingering dark mist and towering palaces… That had to be Blood Cloud Palace. By making use of Blood Cloud Palace, one could continuously avert death.

“Blood Cloud Palace Master did not escape?” Sinking Fire Master was secretly taken aback.

“Hahaha! Sinking Fire Master! Why, are you scared?” The dark mist suddenly spread out to envelop Sinking Fire Master as a voice resounded, saying, “Aren’t you after me? It’s been a long, long time since I fought a battle. Now, I am giving you the chance to fight me!”

“Hmph!” Sinking Fire Master roared in rage. This Blood Cloud Master disregarded him without a trace of respect.

Blood Cloud Palace Master’s voice was transmitted over to him. “Haha! As expected. You have no guts at all. I will leave you here, then.”

Sinking Fire Master saw how Blood Cloud Palace Master continued flying away, and let out an angry roar at once. “Blood Cloud, don’t make haste in escaping if you truly have the guts!” Transforming into light, he gave chase right away.

“Hahaha.”

Hong!

Blood Cloud Master waved his hand and stowed Blood Cloud Palace in a long shuttle he held onto. Then he charged over with a flash.

“I shall let you taste my might,” said Sinking Fire Master.

Sinking Fire Master held onto two large hammers. The nine tentacles on his head blazed with more flames as he roared.

Luo Feng charged over at high speed with his long shuttle in hands. At the same time, he sighed inwardly over the fact that out of the 100 million of races in the universe, an extremely large number of great beings—especially those of super beings—wielded hammers as their weapons.

A distance up to 60 million miles apart, yet the two dashed in each other’s direction and were face-to-face in a split moment.

“Blood Cloud, time to die!” Sinking Fire Master roared.

A wave of his hammer was, naturally, followed by a ferocious roar—a roar that seemed to have come from the primordial age of the universe. Sinking Fire Master had come to exist upon the completion of Beast God Path between fire and space. One strike with his hammer, and the stability of the space in the surroundings would be shattered like glass being cracked, shattered, and crushed beneath a tank.

“Just you alone?” Luo Feng was as tall as 600 miles at that moment, but it was likewise for Sinking Fire Master.

Luo Feng was holding on to Star Tower, which, after being disguised by the “Blood Cloud Pearl,” took the form of a shuttle more than 1,800 miles long.

“Meet your doom!” said Luo Feng.

Luo Feng stared at his opponent from afar. The godly power of his entire body was already burning up and gushing in a continuous stream into the long shuttle he held. Until that very day, Luo Feng could only fully comprehend the first level of the sculpture of complicated secret engravings on the Star Tower. He might have been close to full comprehension of the second level, but he was still a little shy of completion, so he could not fully activate the power on the second level. This, in turn, would require him to consume more godly power, as the power on the first level was simply not as strong as that of the second level.

He activated the Star Tower long shuttle! With the long shuttle, Luo Feng used his ultimate technique of a universe master, “Blood Light.” It was newly created. Thus, this was the first time it was being used in battle.

“Shatter!” Sinking Fire Master roared.

The might of his godly hammer was immeasurable. At that moment, it was as though the skies were falling apart as the earth shattered… But suddenly, a dazzling, blood-red light shuttle flashed by. The speed was frighteningly fast. There was no way the two godly hammers of Sinking Fire Master could block the blows.

Pu!

The blood-red light shuttle pierced right through Sinking Fire Master’s chest.

Peng!

Sinking Fire Master gritted his teeth and rammed his godly hammer onto Blood Cloud Palace Master’s body.

Hong! Hong!

The two rebounded in opposite directions.

How could he be so fast? thought Sinking Fire Master in amazement. So fast that I didn’t have time to block his attacks.

Sinking Fire Master had expected that there would be some changes in Blood Cloud Palace Master since he had not been seen for more than three million eras. However, he had never expected that the use of a new true treasure, “Long Shuttle,” would bring about such a fast speed. He may not have been adequately prepared; this was simply too fast.

Sinking Fire Master was shocked. Well-deserving of his title, this Blood Cloud Master… Given the size of my godly body, he could still cause me to lose 1 percent of it. His capability certainly falls within the pinnacle list of universe masters. Luckily, it’s only this one time. I will not allow him to attack my godly body directly again.

The two continued to exchange blows, purely using their weapons to fight. The remaining power after blocking off the attacks of the weapons was certainly much weaker, but at least the injuries were purely physical injuries. There were no other weapons to help them dodge blows from one another. It was Luo Feng’s long shuttle piercing into Sinking Fire Master’s body and Sinking Fire Master’s heavy hammer crashing down on Luo Feng’s body.

Force Armor is simply incredible, thought Luo Feng. It can reduce the impact of attacks to 1/10,000, so that one blow of the hammer would practically seem harmless to my godly body. I can recover in no time. Luo Feng looked at the long shuttle he held. This is undoubtedly a supreme true treasure. I only activated the first level to drive the supreme true treasure, so the supreme true treasure was only unleashing part of its might. Nonetheless, it was already more powerful than the greatest blow I dealt during my battle with Master of Banff earlier on.

Luo Feng had prepared well for this fight. Force Armor was, after all, stronger in defense compared to Beast God Armor, so Luo Feng temporarily swapped his original earthling body with Blood Cloud Palace Master so the latter would be able to wear Force Armor! And in his hand, he wielded Star Tower long shuttle!

“Blood Cloud Palace Master, you have my respect,” Sinking Fire Master bellowed. “But you are simply out of changes.”

“Hahaha!” laughed Luo Feng. “Anyone can blow his own trumpet.”

Luo Feng and Sinking Fire Master continued to exchange blows.

Hong!

Sinking Fire Master put in his utmost effort to ward off the blows from Luo Feng; the first godly hammer failed to do so, but the second one did, albeit to a most insignificant degree. Sinking Fire Master was completely thrown off by the force of Luo Feng’s attacks.

Star Tower is simply too powerful, thought Luo Feng. To think I have merely used part of its might. Previously, when I was fighting Master of Banff, I had the additional support that my miniature universe rendered, but all I could do was suppress… Now, I’m practically trampling on Sinking Fire Master.

Luo Feng could feel the enormity of the power of Star Tower. Every pierce was so fearfully fast, and every impact was able to send Sinking Fire Master flying off into the distance. This was complete suppression and belittlement of his opponent. It gave Luo Feng a sense of unprecedented pleasure and satisfaction.

In the form of Blood Cloud Palace Master, Luo Feng was greatly at ease. As he held onto Star Tower and trampled on a universe master, Luo Feng was gleeful.

Regarding the second level of secret engravings, Luo Feng was only a finger’s breadth away from full comprehension; besides, he had already comprehended the fifth form of Beast God Path earlier when he was on the original star, so he was quite accomplished in his studies of the pictures of secret engravings. Now, in his current state of mind, at the 35th exchange of blows between him and Sinking Fire Master, he had unknowingly activated the second level of the sculpture of secret engravings to its entirety in a split second.


Chapter 1125: Kill

Luo Feng was completely devoted to killing, and he was extremely stimulated. He made his breakthrough and completely understood the second level of law engravings on Star Tower. After getting Star Tower, Luo Feng had been following the engraving-picture path to understanding the mysteries behind Star Tower. He knew clearly that Star Tower was his trump card!

Luo Feng had created techniques like “Level Mountain,” “Golden Mountain,” and “Blood Light” because of temporary inspirations, and Luo Feng didn’t even study into the second level of Shi Wu Wings even though it was easier than the second level of Star Tower.

Luo Feng kept studying the mysteries of Star Tower. It was even more difficult than creating ultimate techniques of universe masters! Until today… He roamed the universe disguising himself as Blood Cloud Palace Leader, and he was able to crush universe masters.

Hong! Long!

Boundless burning godly power flooded Star Tower, and the heaven pillars and seal stars started to shine! Its power surged! The godly power required was much more than when he had only cracked the first level of engravings, but the power was gushing!

It was the 35th time Luo Feng and Sinking Fire Master clashed!

It’s little wonder he’s completely suppressing me, thought Sinking Fire Master. It’s Blood Cloud Palace Leader. However, I can withstand him. I can resist every attack from him, and the attacks have only consumed a little of my godly body. I can stall him until the other universe masters arrive.

Sinking Fire Master didn’t feel ashamed even though he was being crushed. It was, after all, Blood Cloud Palace Leader! The same Blood Cloud Palace Leader who killed two universe masters and became an enemy to almost all the powers in the universe! It was not surprising for him to be crushed by Blood Cloud Palace Leader. On the contrary, he would have felt weird if he were Blood Cloud Palace Leader’s equal.

Hong! Long!

They hit each other again like traces of light. Luo Feng triggered the second level of Star Tower. Following a deafening noise, the long shuttle of Star Tower immediately became much larger. The shuttle, which had only been thousands of miles long, immediately became tens of thousands of miles long, and Luo Feng had to become larger as well to feel comfortable holding such a gigantic shuttle.

Peng!

The long shuttle caused terrific whirlpools that dismantled the space around it, together with the lands and grassed on the original star.

Sinking Fire Master opened his eyes wide, and the antennae on his head started to burst aflame. “Impossible!” he roared and put his godly hammer ups in front of him as if to form a wall.

The shuttle stabbed the center of the hammers, and the power hit the chest of Sinking Fire Master.

Peng!

Sinking Fire Master shot back like a beam of light.

“How…?”

Although Luo Feng was thrilled by the power of the second level of Star Tower, he knew now was not the time to be thrilled. “It’s time to kill him!”

Sou!

Luo Feng quickly followed him.

Sinking Fire Master was completely stupefied. The power from that attack terrified him. The hammers hit his chest, and the power immediately ravaged his top-tier true treasure armor, hitting the armor’s limit. His godly body trembled.

Hong!

“32 percent of my godly body is gone?”

Sinking Fire Master was shocked. He was a universe master and had been one for an eternity. He had a life gene level of more than 1,000 times. Besides, he was also wearing top-tier true treasure armor and had a godly body more than 600 miles tall! Yet 32 percent of his godly body had been consumed with one attack.

Blood Cloud Palace Leader was indeed powerful, but the Blood Cloud Palace Leader known to history wasn’t this powerful…

“Take another one!” The bloody being arrived again, and the shuttle slashed the sky, forming whirlpools that crushed the space on the original star.

Peng!

It was irresistible. Sinking Fire Master bounced away, and Luo Feng followed him like a bolt of lightning.

“How can he be so powerful?” wondered Sinking Fire Master, realizing his godly body was down to 29 percent already. He transmitted his voice, looking at the bloody being racing toward him, and said, “I didn’t expect Blood Cloud Palace Leader to have gotten stronger. It’s not shameful for this body of mine to die at the hands of Blood Cloud Palace Leader.”

Hong!

After an explosion, the body of Sinking Fire Master was annihilated.

“Haha! True treasures of a universe master.”

Luo Feng reached out his hands and took the world ring, the giant hammers, the top-tier true treasure armor, and a green bean into his world ring. Then he flew away like a trace of light.

A sense of refreshment wafted with a breeze in the sky as Luo Feng flew toward a space whirlpool in the distance.

“I… I killed a universe master,” Luo Feng said.

He was still excited. Although he realized that Sinking Fire Master had multiple bodies the moment he killed him—as there were still life imprints on the true treasures—Sinking Fire Master wasn’t able to retrieve those true treasures. He was too far away. Luo Feng would certainly be able to break those imprints.

“He isn’t dead yet. After all, he’s a universe master.” Luo Feng was thrilled, and he looked at the shuttle in his hand. “Supreme true treasure Star Tower… No wonder it’s a supreme true treasure! My human race doesn’t even have a supreme true treasure, and one supreme true treasure can be a guarding treasure… No wonder.”

It was too powerful. When Luo Feng was only able to drive the first level of Star Tower, Sinking Fire Master’s godly power surpassed Luo Feng! And they had techniques at the same level. However, Luo Feng was at a great advantage with his true treasure. Sinking Fire Master was also using a pair of top-tier true treasure hammers, but the power of them was nothing compared to that of a supreme true treasure. The supreme true treasure at the first level not only completely made up for the disadvantage Luo Feng had in terms of godly power but also gave him a great edge!

And after he cracked the second level… Luo Feng, whose godly body was only at 100 times, was able to rival the most powerful universe masters with Star Tower. The difference in godly bodies was made up for by Star Tower.

Even Primal Chaos City Leader, Star River Master, and Nine Remoteness Master didn’t have supreme true treasures! Even Huge Axe Creator didn’t have one, yet Luo Feng had one!

“Supreme true treasure!” Luo Feng exclaimed. “The second level of engravings were much more complicated than those of the ultimate techniques of universe masters, and they can rival those of ‘I Am the Universe.’ Fortunately, there are engravings already, and I only need to learn how to utilize them. I can’t even imagine how terrific the third level of Star Tower will be.”

The second level of engravings could rival I Am the Universe, and after the engravings were combined with Star Tower, the power was much stronger than I Am the Universe.

What about the third level?

“Haha… With Star Tower, I can go everywhere in the universe!” Luo Feng was amazed.

Suddenly.

Hong! Long!

A powerful force arrived, and the original star was controlled. The ruins were completely recovered.

“Control over space and time? Universe masters are here.” Luo Feng immediately realized that they were only the first group of universe masters. They would be followed by numerous others.

“Blood Cloud Palace Leader!”

“Blood Cloud Palace Leader, don’t you dare run!”

“Who are you to yell at me?” Luo Feng guffawed, and the whirlpool portal appeared. He flew toward it and went into it, leaving the original star and arriving at another.

Two universe masters tens of billions of miles away from Luo Feng were furious, but they could do nothing about it. They had to report it.

“Blood Cloud Palace Leader entered Original Star Number 08625.”

Sinking Fire Secret Region had a diameter of 800,000 light years. It was the center of the Nine Huo Race, and their leader, Sinking Fire Master, also lived there. Every 10,000 years, a group of peerless talents would be led to the Sinking Fire Secret Region to receive the best training.

Inside Sinking Fire Secret Region, a giant mountain range hundreds of millions of miles long floated in space, and suddenly, an eye on the mountain opened.

“What a pity!” Sinking Fire Master exclaimed. “I chose Li Volcano as my body, and it was destined to move with difficulty. Otherwise, my Nine Huo original body wouldn’t have been killed so easily.”

He had gotten lucky while adventuring through the universe as a sector lord and had been bestowed with a second body by the universe. He had bred another body, ultimately choosing the gigantic Li Volcano.

However, the larger a godly body was, the less flexibility it had. This one was so inflexible that it was too difficult to fly. It couldn’t even move at its own discretion. Like World Tree, although it could move, it remained on that island.

The Li Volcano body of Sinking Fire Master was a 60 million miles long, and it was difficult to even move it—not to mention going to that original star.

“Regardless, that Blood Cloud Palace Leader is indeed powerful,” he said. “Impressive. He suppressed me the whole time, and his shuttle dismantled the surrounding space and turned it into whirlpools. Is that a more powerful technique?”

Sinking Fire Master felt that that attack was different the ones he had encountered in the past. “Perhaps a universe master will die this time. He killed two universe masters before. Will he kill a third this time?”


Chapter 1126: Zhen Chang Valley

On Original Star Number 08625, in the vast sky above the ocean, Blood Cloud Palace Master flew through the air at high speed. He wore his blood-red battle robe, blood-red mask, and his curved, golden horn. Meanwhile, in his world ring, his original earthling body was dealing with the loots of his victory.

Within his world ring, clad in black armor with a lone horn on his forehead, Luo Feng stood on the vast ground and looked at the loot before him—a true treasure which was pair of gigantic godly hammers, a top-tier true treasure which was a piece of simple, unsophisticated armor, a true treasure which took the form of a green seed, and a world ring.

“Crack them!”

Luo Feng looked at the true treasures and world ring before him and divided out five streams of godly power at once, of which two went directly into the true treasure godly hammers, and two went into the true treasure armor and green seed respectively. The last one went right through the world ring.

Peng!

Luo Feng was not about to waste any effort on the world ring. He forcibly destroyed it right away. A loud bang sounded, followed by a large quantity of materials, valuables, and several true treasures falling from the world ring that broke apart. The scene was like a cluster of fireworks exploding in the sky, raining down on the land.

In a split second, his surroundings were completely piled with mountains.

“This Sinking Fire Master was really one unique character, collecting these few true treasures and branding each and every one with a life imprint. Even those valuables—more than half of them were branded with life imprints.” Luo Feng shook his head.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

His godly power was further divided into more streams, which dashed for those true treasures and valuables to penetrate them. The impact of his godly power was continuously felt. It had been said that with true skills, one could mold a thick metal rod into a fine sewing needle. With brute force, he cracked open the imprints. One after another, he continued, until finally, with his godly power, he completed the cracking of all the imprints.

One of his bodies took the identity of Blood Cloud Palace Master, an ancient existence known to the vast universe, and roamed the original star seeking adventures. The other body was working hard at cracking all those life imprints of the true treasures and valuables that were Luo Feng’s winnings.

“What great satisfaction,” he murmured. “Cool!”

Luo Feng felt a deep satisfaction that came from the bottom of his heart. When he first set foot off Earth and entered the universe, feeling jittery and frightened, he had spent his efforts striving and fighting. Every moment had been filled with pressure, and he always felt as though he could never gain control of his own destiny—much less control or guard the fate of his fellow earthlings. Until now, when Luo Feng had finally gained a foothold for himself.

“Throughout the universe, I may not be the strongest!” he said. “Universe supreme beings are all much stronger than I am. Those who were comparable to me were aplenty. They were all universe masters at the pinnacle level. Even though, with Star Tower, I may at most be comparable to them. But at least… I am ranked within the pinnacle list of this vast universe!”

Joy abounded deep in his heart. Setting foot on this path of a great being… was it not all for the sake of seeking greater freedom? For the foothold he had now?

“My battle records this time round indicate the truth of what Primal Chaos City Teacher has said, that I have become a universe master.”

Luo Feng continued to forcibly crack those life imprints as he waited expectantly.

I believe, thought Luo Feng, after Hong Alliance’s internal discussion, very soon, I will be qualified to become a palace master of the Hong Alliance Palace! By then, just as Huge Axe Creator promised earlier, the day will come when I can sit alongside them. That will be the day I can claim back planet Earth. After an endless fight… 180 million years… Soon.

The other great beings all felt that Luo Feng had only undergone around 100,000 years of cultivation, yet, the amount of time that Luo Feng had personally experienced was, in fact, 180 million years. If one’s willpower was not strong enough, such long years would only bring one to a mental breakdown and ruination.

Pu! Pu! Pu!

The life imprints of the treasures were continuously cracked and cleared, one after the other. After a short moment, the life imprints of the ordinary true treasures were also continuously cracked and cleared, one after the other. Soon, even the life imprint of the one and only senior true treasure found in the lot was cleared.

After a good half an hour or so, upon consuming a tremendous amount of godly power, the pair of gigantic godly hammers and the top-tier armor were completely cracked.

“Not a single item here belongs to Sinking Fire Master anymore.” Luo Feng carefully looked through the loot and concluded that all that was obtained from Sinking Fire Master had been completely “laundered.”

“Huh?”

Luo Feng’s gaze came to rest on a mountain where a tremendous amount of materials were piled up. His godly power immediately locked down on one of the objects among the lot: a piece of a purple crystal pillar that was slowly floating upward. The entire crystal pillar was filled with diagrams of secret engravings. It was faintly different from the rest, and the diagrams confirmed Luo Feng’s doubts.

“Zhen Chang Valley?” Luo Feng frowned, then laughed. “My luck is not that bad after all.”

During the opening of the original stars, the Disambiguation Temple was one of the greatest treasures that had appeared. However, there was quite a handful of treasures that were one notch lower than the Disambiguation Temple, one of which was Blade River Luo, whose birth was already completed. There were also some treasure temples that might have shown up but had yet to open up. The Disambiguation Temple was one that had yet to open its doors… and Zhen Chang Valley was also a place with hidden treasures. Although it had appeared, it had not opened.

Luo Feng also knew of such information, so he recognized the crystal pillar as a token of Zhen Chang Valley with one look. It was said that there was a total of nine tokens and when the births of all nine tokens were completed, Zhen Chang Valley would officially open!

Only those with the tokens were allowed to enter Zhen Chang Valley! Otherwise, no entry was allowed.

While the original earthling body in the world ring was cracking life imprints and found the token of Zhen Chang Valley, Blood Cloud Palace Master was flying about in a disorderly manner, fleeing to another original star as he was being pursued in a frenzy.

At this point, news of Sinking Fire Master’s body being killed was fast spreading out to the higher-ups of various top powers of the universe.

“Sinking Fire Master’s Nine Huo body has been killed, and his true treasure was taken away!”

“Sinking Fire Master has already released the news, saying that Blood Cloud Palace Master’s power is now much stronger than it was three million eras ago, and he has changed his true treasure weapon to a true treasure long shuttle.”

“Even Sinking Fire Master cannot fight him off. We must be vigilant, and if we are not confident of surviving, we had better not fight Blood Cloud Master alone.”

Therefore, universe masters decided to move about mostly in twos and threes. Of course, there were still some who went after Blood Cloud Palace Master alone. They either had humongous godly bodies, true treasure armor that was extremely strong, or flying-palace type true treasures. Some who were universe masters already ranked in the pinnacle list. In short, only those who were extremely confident dared to act as individuals.

“Going after me?” Luo Feng was speeding through the air as he laughed out loud. “Every original star has a total of 10,081 space whirlpools that allow me to change my route in any way I like. Even if the universe top powers were to each send out several universe masters, how many could they come up to? Besides, all of them were not strong enough to stop me at all.”

In the name of his “Battle to Fame” plan, Luo Feng allowed Blood Cloud Palace Master to come out of hiding and wander about leisurely. On the one hand, he could test the power of this supreme true treasure. Secondly, Blood Cloud Palace Master’s presence served as a good diversion. The three alliances would grow so infuriated that their attention would be diverted away from Luo Feng. After all, compared to Blood Cloud Palace Master, killing Luo Feng was merely an internal fight among the four pinnacle races. Blood Cloud Palace Master was the true cause for the rage felt by the various powers of the universe.

“Goal achieved,” Luo Feng mumbled under his breath. “Time to return to my god country. How do I make my way back?”

All this time, Luo Feng had been flying about in a spontaneous manner. There were times when he was near a whirlpool tunnel that led to the outside world, yet he did not go through it, as he understood that such an obvious route would likely lead him straight into the ambush set by a great being just outside the whirlpool tunnel.

Just as Luo Feng was thinking about how he should leave the original star to return to his god country, he arrived at a whirlpool tunnel. Luo Feng stepped right through it without a second thought.

“Blood Cloud Palace Master, don’t you dare escape!”

“Blood Cloud Palace Master! Take up my challenge if you have the guts.”

Three universe masters had been hot on his heels, but they were too far behind to stop him. Most unwillingly, they watched Luo Feng make his escape into the next original star—Original Star Number 08605.

Original Star Number 08605.

Luo Feng had just stepped into this vast universe when he caught sight of six faraway figures. They were actually less than 60 million miles away from him. The leader of the group was a distorted, dark void while the other five towering figures all exuded extraordinary auras. Luo Feng recognized them at first glance.

“The Northern Territory Alliance!”

“Blood Cloud Palace Master!” all six figures all seemed to shout at the same time.

“Hahaha!” one of them laughed. “Blood Cloud Palace Master, we were just preparing to head over to the other original star to hunt you down. To think you actually came running here on your own! Now we meet.”

“We just got lucky,” said another.

“Blood Cloud Palace Master, what a route you have chosen—to run into our path so coincidentally! You have been hopping around different original stars, and we are also changing routes all the time. Now, we finally run into one another.”

These six universe masters of the Northern Territory Alliance would not be easy to handle.

Along the way, these universe masters had been constantly receiving information stating that Blood Cloud Palace Master had made his way to a certain original star, or that Blood Cloud Palace Master had just moved on to another original star…

The speed of change was extremely fast. Of course, this naturally led to the six universe masters of the Northern Territory Alliance having to constantly change their routes. After all, it would be futile for them to always be chasing him from behind; they would never have been able to catch up. Instead, they had to intercept from the front! But to do so… they need luck. There were simply too many space whirlpools. No one knew which one Luo Feng would go to. Just a slight change in direction would make a great difference in distance.

Luo Feng could not be bothered with those voices. The six universe masters before him, five of them might be quite powerful and well-known, but with Star Tower in his hands, they were no threat to him. What truly caught his attention was the leader of the group— the dark void life form.

“Star River Master?” Luo Feng spoke up.

“Blood Cloud Palace Master,” the dark void transmitted a voice in acknowledgment. “You and I… For the first time, we meet face-to-face. Twice previously, I hunted you, but each time I got to you, you escaped. This time, I have had better luck… I actually ran into you.”

Hua!

All at once, endless starlight enshrouded the entire original star while a powerful force bound all corners together by enveloping the area. This was none other than a top-tier domain type true treasure.

“You can forget about escaping,” the looming, dark void said. “I heard from Sinking Fire Master that you are very powerful. I would like to see for myself… if you are able to escape from me alive. My guess is, you should still be able to make your escape from our siege this time.”

Luo Feng looked on from afar but maintained his vigilance because— Star River Master’s reputation aside—in terms of power, status, and reputation, he was not any inferior to Luo Feng’s teacher, Primal Chaos City Leader!

This was definitely one of the top-ranking individuals on the list of universe masters! Even a universe supreme being would have been unable to tackle Star River Master. All these facts were evidence of his astonishing prestige of a top-ranking universe master.


Chapter 1127: Star River Master

“However, this is how I can see the gap between me and the pinnacle universe masters.”

Aggression was burning in Luo Feng’s heart, and he gazed at the leader in the distance. He completely ignored the other five universe masters. He only had eyes for Star River Master.

“You’re not running!” came a voice from the dark void.

Luo Feng gazed at his opposition. “Neither are you!”

“Hahaha…” A guffaw came out of the dark void. “Interesting. No wonder almost everyone in the universe wants you dead. You’re indeed bold and arrogant.”

“Stop talking!” Luo Feng yelled, and his eyes glinted fiercely. “If you want to fight, fight me now. Time’s precious.”

He was replacing his teacher Sitting Mountain Guest as Blood Cloud Palace Leader, so he needed to be qualified. Blood Cloud Palace Leader was a wicked and rampant being roaming the universe.

“Blood Cloud Palace Leader, you live up to your reputation.”

All of a sudden, an arm-shaped substance extended out of the dark void, and a mace-shaped true treasure weapon appeared in the hand. At the same time, another arm-shaped substance showed up. This hand also held a mace-shaped weapon. Both maces were bronze, and the periphery was gold.

“This true treasure of mine is named ‘Kun Ye,’ and it’s a top-tier pinnacle true treasure,” said Star River Master.

Top-tier pinnacle true treasure? thought Luo Feng.

Luo Feng understood that there were gaps even between valuables at the same level. The true treasure Star River Master was using now was only second to supreme true treasures, and it must have been as powerful as the mace-type weapons that Double-Face Ancestral God had been using. His status was self-explanatory based on the true treasure he was using.

The other five universe masters spread out without meddling. They believed in the power of Star River Master!

“Take three attacks,” said Star River Master. “If you can, I won’t stop you. Here’s the first move…” Star River Master started to move right after he said. He raced toward Luo Feng like a black phantom. “Come on!”

Luo Feng dashed toward him holding the shuttle and shouted, “Blood Light!”

Luo Feng’s godly body surged to 6,000 miles tall, and he performed his most powerful technique. His burning godly power flooded the shuttle.

Hua! Hua!

The shuttle twisted the space around it and formed whirlpools. The power was so strong that the other five universe masters were intimidated.

Star River Master held the maces, which looked like bolts of lightning.

Pi! Pa!

Two black beams of light gushed forth and hit the shuttle. The black void holding the two godly maces bounced away, and Luo Feng stepped back.

“This is the first move. Screen.” The maces emanated powerful energy. “I’ve looked down upon you. After all, it’s only an ultimate technique of universe masters, and it’s not enough to suppress you. I can tell that you’re a pinnacle universe master. Take my second move. It’s a supreme technique of universe masters created by me.”

As the voice went into Luo Feng’s mind, Star River Master started to move again. The black phantom charged at him.

Hong! Long! Long!

The maces turned the space into darkness.

“A miniature universe?” Luo Feng was shocked. It looked like a miniature universe, but there were some differences.

Hong!

The maces smashed toward Luo Feng like two worlds.

“Break!” Luo Feng growled.

He raced toward the maces, and the shuttle of Star Tower also stabbed toward the maces.

Peng!

Luo Feng felt his body trembling, and the shock waves hit his Force Armor. However, the power was neutralized by his Force Armor. Luo Feng dove away from the shock wave.

“This is the first ultimate technique of universe masters I created, Black Night,” said Star River Master. “It seems that the shuttle in your hands is also a pinnacle true treasure. Otherwise, you would only be at a slight disadvantage.”

Luo Feng looked at the dark void in the distance. A pinnacle true treasure? What a joke. A race could have many ordinary pinnacle true treasures; as for pinnacle domain type true treasures and pinnacle soul type true treasures, a race might have several! However, a supreme true treasure was superior! The disadvantage he had because of his godly body and techniques were almost made up for by the shuttle of Star Tower.

His first move is an ultimate technique of universe masters, and his second move is a supreme technique of universe masters… What about the third move?

Luo Feng was confused. Could there be a more powerful one? That didn’t sound right. Supreme techniques of universe masters should be the best that Star River Master could do.

“You’re qualified to take my third move,” said Star River Master. “My supreme move.”

The other five universe masters collectively held their breath. They transmitted their voices in private.

“Look! The supreme move of Star River Master.”

“We get to see it again.”

“Last time Star River Master performed it, he killed a universe master in Universe Ocean, and the other two universe masters fled.”

They were all excited, as Star River Master wouldn’t perform this move unless it was absolutely necessary.

The original star was trapped in darkness again, and a dark power permeated through it. At the same time, a completely different power arose from his maces! The maces started to shine! They were shinier than 10,000 stars combined! One of them was dark, and the other was bright…

Hua!

Luo Feng felt despaired when he handled it. He tried to banish the negative mood. It was not a soul attack; rather, it was an attack so perfect that it could only be awed and even made its oppositions. Of course, Luo Feng’s willpower was strong enough for him to recover from those feelings immediately. He stabbed with his shuttle again.

Hong!

The space trembled!

Hong! Hong! Hong!

The light river hit the shuttle, and the shuttle resisted the river. The shuttle was as stable as a mountain. However, Luo Feng could still feel his godly power trembling even after the power being weakened by his Force Armor… Luo Feng bounced away beneath that power, and he could barely stop in the distance.

Everything dissipated. The original star returned to peace again.

“1/500th of my godly body is gone?” said Luo Feng.

He was astonished. He first used the shuttle to resist that move, and he used Force Armor to withstand it again. However, 1/500th of his godly body was still gone! If he used Blood Ghost Blade instead of Star Tower, the power would have been two levels more powerful. One attack could destroy 50 percent of his godly body?

He was shocked to his very core, but what he didn’t know was that Star River Master was even more shocked.

“What…!” Star River Master was terrified. He was already a pinnacle universe master, and he had a supreme technique of universe masters. He had created two supreme techniques of universe masters and had combined the two into one in Universe Ocean. It looked simple, but it took a long while when he combined the two as one.

This attack! This was the move that made him awed by the entire universe, and that meant he did not need to be afraid of universe supreme masters! He’d always known that only a few universe masters in the universe could rival him.

“A great amount of my godly power was consumed because of that move, but his godly power is hardly gone?” Star River Master was shocked.

He didn’t know that Luo Feng had the supreme true treasure, Star Tower, in addition to his pinnacle true treasure Force Armor! If Star River Master knew that he had failed because of a supreme true treasure, he would have felt relieved.

A voice came from Blood Cloud Palace Leader in the distance. “What is that move?”

“River in Black Night,” said Star River Master.

“Incredible. Impressive,” said Blood Cloud Palace Leader.

Luo Feng really was impressed. He took three moves, and the second move was Black Night. Luo Feng could tell that the third move, River in Black Night was a combination of Black Night and River, and their power led to a tremendous attack.

The only supreme technique he knew was “I Am the Universe,” and it had been bestowed to him by the universe! He couldn’t create any. Yet his opposition had created several of them, and he was able to combine them.

“No wonder! It’s Star River Master!” Luo Feng exclaimed.

“Go,” said Star River Master. “You’re able to take my supreme technique without being severely injured!”

At the same time, he took back his Star River and flew away.

“Star River Master.”

“Star River Master.”

The other five universe masters followed Star River Master reluctantly after glancing at Luo Feng. They knew they wouldn’t be able to injure Blood Cloud Palace Leader given that he was able to resist the supreme technique of Star River Master, and now that Star River Master had left, they would follow him as well.

“Star River Master,” Luo Feng whispered. He had finally witnessed the top-tier universe masters!

Sou!

He disappeared like a streak of light.


Chapter 1128: Fence

A piece of news came when the universe masters were searching for Blood Cloud Palace Leader on the original stars… Star River Master from the Northern Territory Alliance had fought Blood Cloud Palace Leader, and Blood Cloud Palace Leader had only suffered from a slight injury even under Star River Master’s best moves, and Star River Master had left voluntarily. All the universe masters searching the original stars were shocked.

“Impossible!”

“Star River Master utilized all his power? Though I could survive that, I would be severely injured. That Blood Cloud Palace Leader’s power barely changed at all?”

“How can he be that powerful?”

“Did Blood Cloud Palace Leader hide in Blood Cloud Palace? No? He withstood the supreme technique of Star River Master?”

They couldn’t believe what they heard, and the more they learned about that fight, the more hopeless they became. Gosh! Star River Master used his best true treasure to perform his most supreme technique.

Blood Cloud Palace Leader was able to withstand that without even being severely hurt? A sense of hopelessness flooded almost every universe master’s mind—even for beings like Sky Beacon Godly Master, who were confident that they were Star River Master’s equals.

“Let’s go.”

“Let’s go back.”

“Just go? Just like that?”

“What else can we do? If Star River Master can’t deal with Blood Cloud Palace Leader, then no one else can. Even universe supreme masters are only slightly stronger than Star River Master. In the original universe, the power of universe supreme masters was heavily constrained… What could universe supreme masters do? Heavily injure Blood Cloud Palace Leader?”

“Let’s go.”

The universe masters gave up one after another. They all felt helpless.

“I can’t believe Blood Cloud Palace Leader is this powerful.”

“Although Blood Cloud Palace Leader was always powerful, he wasn’t as insanely powerful as this. When hunted by beings like Star River Master in the past, he would have definitely run away without putting up a fight.”

“It’s much more difficult to kill him now.”

Some universe masters chose to leave. This was how the universe worked. Power determined someone’s destiny!

No matter how crazy, evil, and reckless someone was, if he could become a universe supreme master, no powers would dare to mess with him, and instead, they would try to butter him up! Like lone universe supreme masters such as Sitting Mountain Guest and Virtual-Real Devil Master, they all had weird tempers and might kill anyone at any time. No powers dared to go after them. Why?

One didn’t even need to be a universe supreme master. Someone at Star River Master was already attractive enough for all the powers in the universe. Obviously, Blood Cloud Palace Leader was hardly injured by the supreme technique of Star River Master. Apparently, he was almost at that level.

“Don’t mess with that maniac.”

“Don’t mess with him. We can’t kill him, he’s great at fleeing, and he doesn’t have any inhibitions. Unless we try to seal him, no powers will be willing to make such sacrifices to do that. After all, Blood Cloud Palace Leader is only an individual. He’s not related to any powers.”

One fight determined his status. Blood Cloud Palace Leader had gone from a common enemy among the powers in the universe to someone no one was willing to mess with. Actually, there were powers who wanted to admit him, but based on their experience, Blood Cloud Palace Leader might kill those who approached him. He was a maniac!

Inside Luo Feng’s god country.

Luo Feng’s original plan was to take a tour on the original stars for a longer time, but he didn’t expect all those universe masters to leave. And Luo Feng went out without being noticed.

Hong! Long! Long!

The waves were churning like thunder, tumbling through the boundless Remote Ocean. Above the Remote Ocean, at the center of his god country and inside the godly palace, Luo Feng looked down at the god country.

“I came back. It’s done.”

Luo Feng smiled. He felt relieved as never before. He recalled the series of incidents starting from Virtual-Real Devil Master coming after him—which triggered him to kill Heavenly Flower Knight—but he didn’t expect him to hide in a flying-palace type true treasure. That had led to a bigger incident in which he had killed 8,000 universe knights, fought a universe master, and killed more than 6,000 universe knights with his miniature universe. After Blood Cloud Palace Leader showed himself, it had led to a larger disturbance, distracting everyone.

“I’ve achieved my goal.”

I’m at the same level of Master of Banff, Luo Feng thought, and I performed a supreme technique! I am a universe master! And I am a universe master who’s a handful.

His only weakness was his inability to control space and time, which might lead to some suspicions. However, it didn’t matter. He was able to perform Golden Light and Miniature Universe, which showed Luo Feng had the power of a universe master—at least according to the powers in the universe. Besides, Luo Feng had several bodies, which meant he was extremely difficult to kill.

“Regardless, that Star River Master is indeed strong!” Luo Feng exclaimed. “If I didn’t have the shuttle of Star Tower, that attack would’ve destroyed half of my godly body.”

He used the long shuttle to resist it. And then, the power was weakened by Force Armor, yet he had still lost 1/500th of his godly body. Two moves could kill him!

“I have a weaker godly body compared to the pinnacle universe masters, and I don’t’ have a stronger enough weapon.” Luo Feng frowned. “Blood Ghost Blade is not enough to fight universe masters.”

A body of Sinking Fire Master had a pair of hammers which was a top-tier true treasure. And he wasn’t even a top-tier universe master.

The Flame God Halberd that Flame Emperor used was a top-tier pinnacle true treasure, which was at the same level of Force Armor!

Primal Chaos City Leader had three bodies, and the most powerful one was the one fighting in Universe Ocean, and even the one in the original star was the one wearing Thousand Treasures Coat and holding a true treasure stone staff. Thousand Treasures Coat was only a domain type true treasure at the same level as the true treasure of Star River Master… As for attacking true treasures, they should be similar.

My weapon isn’t good enough, thought Luo Feng. Okay. Teacher said if I killed ten top-tier universe overlords or one universe master, he would make a pinnacle true treasure for me. I need a top-tier pinnacle true treasure like Flame God Halberd.

He didn’t need a domain type pinnacle true treasure. After all, a top-tier pinnacle true treasure weapon was also highly valuable.

Luo Feng took out a stone token.

“Teacher.”

Luo Feng’s consciousness entered the token and started to pass the message. The token was an ordinary true treasure made by Sitting Mountain Guest for communications, which made Luo Feng admire Sitting Mountain Guest even more. Blood Cloud Pearl was used for disguise while tokens were used for communications. Those, plus Force Armor and Star Tower, all had strict requirements for those who used them. The true treasures made by Sitting Mountain Guest were largely different from those born in the universe.

A message was conveyed immediately. “Haha! Disciple! I’ve already heard what you did on the original star. But my question is, why did you fight that Star River Master? You’ve intimidated all the powers by doing that, and they won’t want to encircle you anymore.”

Luo Feng was rendered speechless. If this was the case… No wonder teacher ran when he came across beings stronger like Star River Master. His teacher was certainly able to create a body to resist Star River Master.

“I didn’t think of that,” said Luo Feng. “Besides, I wouldn’t have been able to run away.”

“That’s right. You’re not good enough for that.” Sitting Mountain Guest, while in disguise, was extremely proficient in escaping. “Why’re you contacting me?” he asked.

“Teacher, I killed a body of Sinking Fire Master,” said Luo Feng. “It should be counted as killing a universe master.”

“You’re oversimplifying things, my disciple,” said Sitting Mountain Guest.

Luo Feng was speechless. Things were not going as he’d expected.

“Of course it doesn’t count,” said Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Killing a body should be as difficult as killing a real universe master,” Luo Feng tried to argue.

“Of course it’s not,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Blood Cloud Palace Leader is known for his fierceness. If it weren’t for having another body, ordinary universe masters wouldn’t even dare to fight you in the first place. As for those who have multiple bodies, they have the guts to take risks even if they’re not strong enough. Do you really think Sinking Fire Master would fight you if he didn’t have another body?”

Luo Feng said nothing. He knew he was right. Most of the universe masters chasing him were in groups, and those who acted alone had security.

“No one is such a fool,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “It’s not as easy as you think to kill a universe master. He only risked it because he had multiple bodies.” Sitting Mountain Guest laughed. “It won’t be so easy to get your teacher to make a pinnacle true treasure for you!”

Luo Feng pouted, but it seemed there was nothing he could do. “Teacher, I killed the body of that Sinking Fire Master and got some true treasures, but I can’t exchange them. If I give them to my race, my identity will be exposed.”

Luo Feng was concerned about this. The valuables obtained by Blood Cloud Palace Leader were stolen goods, and true treasures with great fame could be identified easily. It would be difficult to exchange them.

“That’s right,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “I’ll handle it. Come here to exchange for a true treasure. Here are the coordinates of my place. Just come here.”

The coordinates were sent.

Luo Feng looked forward to it. It had been a long time since Sitting Mountain Guest first became his teacher, but he had never been to his home yet.

“Sure,” said Luo Feng. “I’ll be there as soon as possible.”

Luo Feng organized his true treasures, left his god country, and took off for the home of Sitting Mountain Guest.


Chapter 1129: The True Treasure Vault

At an extreme end of the universe, in a deserted domain that was more than nine billion light years away from humanity, Luo Feng first used God Country Transportation to reach a place nearest to the coordinates he was given. Thereafter, he relied on teleportation. It took him two days, and finally, he arrived at his destination.

“Teacher, you have been staying here?”

In his silver armor and silver wings, with his ghost blade slung behind him, Luo Feng stood amid the dark of space. At one glance, it was pitch black everywhere, without a trace of light, without a single star. There was absolute silence and cold.

“Void land of the universe?” Luo Feng said to himself.

When the universe evolved, galaxies started popping up, positioned slightly apart from one another. A great quantity of galaxies would form a starfield. The distance between starfields was expansive, and the distance between star sectors was much greater.

As for the human domain and other domains… there would be an immeasurable, vast void—a pitch-black space that existed between them. Within the universe, these void spaces had diameters ranging from a few hundred million light years to a few billion light years, all of which were in complete silence and darkness. With Luo Feng’s powers, his eyesight could not see even the slightest trace of light… one could never imagine how frighteningly immense this void space was.

“My dear disciple, do come in already,” a voice sounded near Luo Feng’s ears.

Luo Feng turned right away.

Hua!

A dazzling, elegant, exquisite bridge appeared. The entire bridge seemed to be made of transparent crystal stones and bathed in gold. Luo Feng flew over immediately and landed on the bridge and made his way to the other end. The walk along the bridge enabled him to feel the intense change of space at once.

“Huh?” Luo Feng immediately checked the universe coordinates and was shocked to discover that with every step he took on the bridge, he moved ten million light years.

From this end of the bridge to the other, the universe coordinates had shifted 1.2 billion light years. At the other end of the bridge, was an exquisite-looking lake where all kinds of fish frolicked in the water.

“This isn’t right,” said Luo Feng.

He turned to take a look behind him. Previously, the bridge had only seemed to be around 300 feet long, but he had traveled 1.2 billion light years. The lake before him was also of a diameter: a few hundred feet… But according to what his godly power sensed, this was neither a lake nor were those fish in it. It was a domain type true treasure that wields extremely strong power!

Walking along the lake, he saw flower beds and grassy patches.

“This isn’t right,” Luo Feng repeated, taking a closer look.

Those stalks of grass were actually huge, ancient trees with little stones adorned around them. They were actually metallic materials that were as big as a star level.

“Amazing. The control of universe space is unbelievably incredible,” Luo Feng mused to himself as he walked.

His teacher’s residence was very quiet. As for that exquisite palace and lake, they were actually a flying palace type true treasure and a domain type true treasure, respectively. As for the other items, they were various sorts of precious materials.

Entering the palace, Luo Feng came to a garden where he saw Sitting Mountain Guest holding a stone and caressing it with his eyes closed.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng went to him and bowed deferentially.

Sitting Mountain Guest opened his eyes and put the stone aside. Smiling at Luo Feng, he commented, “You made it here quite fast.”

“Teacher, this place is too deserted. Otherwise, I would have arrived much earlier.” Luo Feng also smiled. “Teacher, why have you chosen such a place as your residence?”

“The quiet.” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “And this void space is of a diameter that is more than 100 million light years. Although it is devoid of anything and incomparably deserted, it is unfit for humans to live and multiply their numbers, but I am a lone wanderer, so this place, on the contrary, is good for me. Besides, this is only one of the many places where I live when I am in the primal universe. Oh yes, where are those stolen goods you took?”

“What do you mean by stolen goods?” said Luo Feng.

Luo Feng had no other alternative but to take everything Sinking Fire Master owned, the pair of godly hammers, his armor, and the green seed.

Sitting Mountain Guest looked. “What are you after?”

“A pinnacle true treasure blade,” Luo Feng replied.

He took out a pair of godly hammers that were top-tier true treasures. Their powers could be combined when required. There was also the armor, which was also a top-tier true treasure, and the green seed, which was merely an ordinary soul type true treasure (to the humans, it was worth 60 true treasure points, which was close to the value of a top-tier true treasure weapon).

“Not enough.” Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Luo Feng. “I will not take advantage of you. I will definitely offer you a price that is 30 percent less than what you would need to pay to exchange for a true treasure within the race. But this, this is obviously not enough.”

“Add in this ghost blade.” Luo Feng took out ghost blade that was slung across his back. Since he was going to trade for a blade, this ghost blade would no longer be required.

Sitting Mountain Guest still shook his head.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng said, glaring.

“I only have this one pinnacle true treasure blade,” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “Although it may not be a pinnacle true treasure of the highest grade, these few true treasures you have here are really still not enough.”

Luo Feng frowned. The true treasures he had with him were all in use, and those that were being used were stored in the treasure room at Blood Cloud Palace. Sinking Fire Master might have owned several ordinary true treasures, but Luo Feng had categorized those and returned them to Blood Cloud Palace. After all, he did owe the treasure room in Blood Cloud Palace quite a few pieces of treasures. Oh… right! Within Sinking Fire Master’s world ring, there is one senior true treasure and a token of Zhen Chang Valley.

“Add these two.” Luo Feng took out a green and gold medallion and the crystal token of Zhen Chang Valley.

“A token of Zhen Chang Valley?” Sitting Mountain Guest looked and laughed. “Well, I have been quite bored recently. Heading to Zhen Chang Valley for an adventure sounds good. All right, add on these two. We can barely make it now.”

“Teacher, you are really going to Zhen Chang Valley?” Luo Feng eyes widened.

The birth of Zhen Chang Valley was a treasure the level of Blade River Luo, and it was yet to be completed. Luo Feng had a disambiguation mirror stone, so he was looking forward to the Disambiguation Temple more. He was not as eager to get into Zhen Chang Valley. Just to get a pinnacle true treasure weapon… going to Zhen Chang Valley was not a great deal! But this was a pinnacle true treasure weapon… and it was comparable to Blade River Luo.

“Why? Am I not allowed to?” Sitting Mountain Guest stood up. “Life is long. We have to find some pleasures to get us by.” Sitting Mountain Guest walked afar as he shouted, “Still not coming? Don’t you want you true treasure blade?”

Luo Feng hurriedly followed behind.

They came to a palace hall that was decorated in a unique manner. All the walls within the hall were filled with a large quantity of sculptures, and every sculpture was engraved with many different patterns. There was a pattern that depicted a scene of two great beings fighting a battle on the vast plains. There was also a pattern that depicted a scene of a great being killing a large number of other great beings… The patterns all exuded some kind of ancient aura and power, causing the entire palace hall to be enshrouded in a strange atmosphere.

“Feels as though I am on a battlefield.” Luo Feng was in the palace hall, feeling his heart set ablaze as he felt the impulse to fight and kill. He was appalled as he realized, “My willpower can feel the influence.”

“This palace hall is filled with true treasures,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Including the decorative items, all of them are true treasures. Majority of them are, however, just ordinary true treasures.”

Luo Feng’s eyes scanned everything around him.

There were many display cases and shelves in the hall, and on them were knives, blades, strings, ropes, shuttles, maces, hammers, axes, clocks, pagodas, boats, balls, flowers, grass, cloths, medallions, statues, cubes… all sort of items, strange and bizarre, numbering as many as a few thousand, scattered throughout the hall.

“All these all true treasures?” Luo Feng was taken aback.

“All of these are. Even the items used to contain things are.” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. “Ordinary true treasures were made easily and effortlessly, so to me, they do not really have much value. Like that transmission token, ornaments, decorative ornaments, and many others… All of these are just ordinary true treasures.”

Luo Feng went speechless at such wonders. Even Craftsman Master would not be able to make such statements. Only Sitting Mountain Guest was qualified enough to dare say that ordinary true treasures were made so effortlessly.

“So, which is mine?” Luo Feng asked.

“In that corner.” Sitting Mountain Guest pointed to a faraway corner.

Luo Feng looked to where Sitting Mountain Guest was pointing and saw the seemingly ordinary blade in a corner of the room. He walked over right away. The scabbard was a dusty gray, and on it were some sculptures that looked beautiful. The moment Luo Feng reached out to touch it, he felt the presence of an evil spirit that was so overwhelming that it invaded his body instantly.

Hong!

Within the vast, black space, a blade several tens of thousands of miles long hung suspended horizontally in midair. The blade was slowly being drawn out of the sheath, and the frightening evil spirit seemed to continuously invade Luo Feng’s willpower.

Clang!

The blade was completely unsheathed. A murderous intention whirled up in the air and spread all over. At this moment, Luo Feng’s life imprint stored within his godly power was completely branded onto the blade.

“The blade shall be called… Absolute Guest!” Luo Feng whispered.

“Use this for now,” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “This blade should be more than enough for you. Of course, what would suit you best would be a pinnacle true treasure blade that is made with your Golden Horn World Stone as its core… All the limitless essence of gold in the world within your body converge to form a Golden Horn World Stone. Once made into a weapon, it would be the most suitable one for you. The materials required were exceptionally more than usual, and you are still unable to provide me with those yet.”

“Golden Horn World Stone?” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up. So, Teacher did have his plans.

“Golden Horn World Stone is the convergence of the limitless essence of gold in the world within your body that was trillions of miles large. It is an extreme limit of the ‘metallic materials’ within the primal universe. At least, within the primal universe, it was one of the top-tier metals. Only at Universe Ocean can you find something better than that. But… judging from your body, using Golden Horn World Stone to make a weapon would be the most suitable for you.”

Luo Feng immediately asked, “What are the materials I need?”

“After you have killed a universe master or ten top-tier universe overlords, then we shall talk about it,” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “This pinnacle true treasure blade, ‘Absolute Guest,’ is one treasure I expended a lot of hard work and effort to make. Don’t let it down.”

“Hmm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“All right, you should get going.” Sitting Mountain Guest was not one to hold Luo Feng back.

“Yes.”

Since Teacher had said so, Luo Feng gave a bow and left quickly. Looking on until Luo Feng was out of sight, Sitting Mountain Guest returned to his seat in the garden and picked up the same piece of stone. Looking down at it, he sighed softly. “When is the time I can further improve…?”

Luo Feng had barely returned to his god country and was just getting started in familiarizing himself with the pinnacle true treasure blade Absolute Guest, which was extremely powerful. It was then that he received mail from Primal Chaos City Leader, who was in the virtual universe.

“Luo Feng, Blade River Master, regarding what happened on the original star, why didn’t you come to me? Don’t you know that the universe masters of humanity have not taken a break because of you? Come over here as soon as you can.”

The moment he read the mail, Luo Feng’s eyes lit up and his heart started beating faster and faster. Of course, he should have guessed that what happened on the original stars would cause the higher-ups of humanity to commence with urgent meetings to discuss his actions. Now that Teacher had summoned him, it seemed a concluding decision had been made.

“Teacher called me Blade River Master?” Luo Feng could not be bothered with anything else and immediately let his consciousness connect to the virtual universe.


Chapter 1130: Meeting of Six Tycoons

At the apex of Thunder Island in the virtual universe.

The giant, round graphite table was surrounded by endless airflow. There were six gigantic stone chairs around the table, each with complex sculptures on it. On the table were also numerous sculptures.

“Teacher,” said Luo Feng.

“Take a seat.” Primal Chaos City Leader sat down and pointed to the second chair on his left-hand side. “Sit there.”

“Sure.”

Luo Feng sat down and took a look at the stone table in front of him. He was curious as he never knew there was a place like this in his teacher’s palace, and it was floating right above the palace of Primal Chaos City Leader. He glanced at the sculptures on the stone table. One of the pictures depicted three great beings saluting a great being, one depicted a great being doing mass slaughtering, and one depicted how two great beings attacked a group of great beings… The sculptures were abstract, but Luo Feng could tell that one was Primal Chaos City Leader.

“And there’s my chair.” Luo Feng sat down after he noticed the sculpture on the back of the chair. There were several scenes in the sculptures. One of them depicted an individual facing thousands of beings. Another depicted a huge oval enveloping all those thousands of beings, and they all died under that dome…

“You should’ve figured it out by now.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng with a grinning face. “The seniors of the human race decided that you’re the 19th universe master of the human race.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help be overjoyed at first. And then, he was a bit confused.

“The 19th one?”

That meant the human race had 18 universe masters in total before Luo Feng became one. That meant the human race had a great number of universe masters comparatively. The bug race and automaton race might only have fewer than ten universe masters, and the demon race might have around the same number.

“Yes.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded.

“But according to my information…”

Luo Feng looked confused. He had the access authority of a top-tier universe master, and he should have been able to get information about the universe masters of the human race and other powers in the universe. Based on the information he had on hand, there were only 15 universe masters in the human race. Why was he the 19th?

“You know of 15, right?” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “Each power has some secrets, and there are some hidden universe masters within our race. There are 18 universe masters in total in our human race, excluding you. There are five from the virtual universe company and Huge Axe Dojo, three from the Universe Mercenary Alliance, three from the Universe First Bank, and two from Universe Star River Bank.”

Luo Feng listened carefully. What Primal Chaos City Leader had just said was different from what he knew. He knew there were only four in the virtual universe company, so apparently, one was in the shadows the whole time.

“Of course, if we include you, there are six in total, now.” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “You’re the first disciple of mine to become a universe master. Hahaha…! I have an edge at this in front of my brother now.”

“Brother?” Luo Feng couldn’t help asking. “You have a brother?”

“Two, actually,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “They are both universe masters, and there are lots of other brothers who are not universe masters.”

Luo Feng nodded. He also had lots of brothers.

Wait! If there are brothers, there must be a teacher!

Primal Chaos City Leader had two brothers who were universe masters, which meant that teacher had three disciples who were universe masters? Who was he?

“Let me introduce you to the universe masters of my virtual universe company.” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “The first one is Long Yan Master. He’s an elder in my virtual universe company, and he’s been a universe master for a very long time. You’ve met him before.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“The second one, also my brother, is Ice Mountain master. He’s very aloof, but he’s great at handling the important issues.”

Luo Feng knew of this Ice Mountain Master, too. He was a great being proficient in close combat, and he was one of the pinnacle universe masters as well. He was only slightly weaker than Primal Chaos City Leader, and he might have been stronger than Flame Emperor.

“The third one, also my brother, is Darkness Master. He’s rarely involved with the issues of the human race, and he hardly ever shows up. Few know of him, and he’s a very low-key disciple of our teacher. Without letting anyone know, he has become a universe master.” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled.

Luo Feng was startled. Darkness Master… He’d never heard of him.

“Even the powers of the universe don’t know about him,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Of course, Darkness Master is well-known in the Universe Ocean! And he’s a terrifying universe master… Haha. The powers in the universe don’t even know that Darkness Master is of the human race when they run into him in the Universe Ocean.”

“The fourth one is Remote Lord Master,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “He’s the youngest of the five universe masters in the virtual universe company before you joined. And he’s a disciple of Darkness Master.”

“Ah.” Luo Feng was startled.

Remoteness Lord Master was also a reckless universe master who was great in killing and combat. Of course, he was weaker than Ice Mountain Master and Primal Chaos City Leader, but he was also a strong universe master. He was at the same level as the previous Blood Cloud Palace Leader. And he was a disciple of Darkness Master.

“My brother’s disciple became a universe master, and now, my disciple has also become a universe master.” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “From now on, there will be six universe masters in the virtual universe. Okay, I’ll call the four of them here now. The universe masters of the virtual universe should gather first.”

Luo Feng nodded. There were several groups in the human race, and the virtual universe was a group itself. However, the group had significant power, as Primal Chaos City Leader and Ice Mountain Master were both top-tier universe masters. Long Yan Master was not much weaker. As for Darkness Master, he was mysterious and probably rivaled Primal Chaos City Leader.

Although Remote Lord Master was a youngster, he was also powerful. Luo Feng was as strong as Remote Lord Master, without Star Tower, of course.

Luo Feng sat there and waited.

A being walked in. He was lanky and had a horn on both of his ears. There was an eye between the eyebrows, and he wore scaled navy armor. He didn’t wear his Remote Lord Bayonet, as he was in the virtual universe.

Luo Feng recognized him immediately and stood up. “Remote Lord Master.”

“Luo Feng.” Remote Lord Master looked fierce, but he was still smiling when he saw Luo Feng.

“Remote Lord Master,” Luo Feng said again, smiling.

“Uncle.” Remote Lord Master bowed to Primal Chaos City Leader to show respect but didn’t bow low. After all, he was a universe master.

“Sit,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Interesting…”

Another being walked in. That towering body and the dragon tail… It was Long Yan Master.

“I haven’t seen the universe masters from the Huge Axe Dojo that upset for a long time.” Long Yan Master sat down and gave Luo Feng a nod. “Luo Feng, you were really impressive on that original star when you killed more than 6,000 universe knights in one strike. We calculated that each alliance lost at least one domain type pinnacle true treasure.”

Luo Feng shook his head. “I could’ve done better. I should have fought Master of Banfu for a longer time so that more universe knights went into the zone.”

Long Yan Master and Remote Lord Master were at first dazed, then started to guffaw.

Suddenly, a sense of coldness permeated. It was a silver-haired man carrying a blade on his back. He wore ancient armor with bloodstains on it, and he was the most handsome universe master in the virtual universe company. It was Ice Mountain Master.

Ice Mountain Master nodded at Primal Chaos City Leader and sat down. He glanced at Long Yan Master, Luo Feng, and Remote Lord Master, and they all nodded at him.

So cold, Luo Feng thought.

Suddenly, a being walked in from the distance, and before they could see clearly who he was, a wicked, dark force permeated. He wore a black coat outside and silver and black armor inside. He was bald, and his skin was like jade. There were complex black engravings on his head, and he gazed at people like a snake extending his tongue. Even space and time were affected by him, trapped in a strange atmosphere.

“Brother,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Brother,” said Darkness Master.

Luo Feng was startled. He suddenly realized the difference between his teacher Primal Chaos City Leader and Darkness Master. Primal Chaos City Leader looked peaceful and tranquil while Darkness Master was endlessly dark and wicked. They had exactly the opposite aura. And their power was at the same level.

No wonder, thought Luo Feng. He’s Darkness Master.

Darkness Master stood in his chair and looked at Luo Feng. “Brother, is this your disciple, Luo Feng?”


Chapter 1131: The Origin

The moment Darkness Master set his eyes on someone, a creepy and strange tune would seem to start reverberating in that person’s mind. Then, without being able to resist, the person would fall under his influence. The “flow of illusion” consisted of an unconscious penetration of the mind to draw one into an illusion. Darkness Master did not make use of any disguise, and everyone knew about his invisible influence… but pulling away from it was very difficult.

“Luo Feng, this is your Teacher Uncle,” Primal Chaos City Leader said.

The moment he spoke, the spookiness in the surroundings became mild, while that creepy, strange force seemed to be wiped out.

“Teacher Uncle,” Luo Feng greeted.

“I heard you have cultivated for slightly over a billion years.” Darkness Master studied Luo Feng’s face and continued, “I am not surprised you have been able to reach this standard within such a short time, since for an endless time, you have been my brother’s most outstanding disciple.”

Luo Feng replied, “Actually, the time I spent on cultivation was not only slightly over a billion years. I once cultivated for a long time at a place where time flew by extremely fast.”

Everyone, including Primal Chaos City Leader, nodded. They were all relieved, but places like House of Time required an alarming amount of energy to sustain revolution, and the greater the rate of time velocity, the more expensive it would cost. Therefore, the more difficult sustenance would be! Furthermore, the evolution of the universe would last for an endless time, and combat was the best method for honing skills and building up bodies. This was why few top powers would send their geniuses to a certain place in isolation to get them to cultivate diligently.

“All right.”

Primal Chaos City Leader scanned his surroundings. “As of today, the six leaders of the virtual universe branch are all gathered here.”

At the moment, Long Yan Master, Ice Mountain Master, Darkness Master, You Hou Master, and Luo Feng all looked over to listen to what Primal Chaos City Leader had to say. In terms of power and status… Primal Chaos City Leader was unquestionably the leading figure of the virtual universe branch.

“The birth of one more universe master would be a blessing for us in the virtual universe, and it is also a blessing for humanity,” said Primal Chaos City Leader with a smile. “And this disciple of mine, when it comes to survival ability, he beats all six of us hands down.”

“Oh?” Darkness Master looked over.

Ice Mountain Master also looked at Luo Feng silently.

“Really?” You Hou Master and Long Yan Master asked outright.

Primal Chaos City Leader elaborated. “Luo Feng… For one thing, he has the talent of being able to divide bodies. Two, one of his bodies has a life form that resembles that of Nine Remoteness Master.”

“Nine Remoteness Master?”

Darkness Master, Long Yan Master, Ice Mountain Master, You Hou Master all looked over at Luo Feng in surprise.

Luo Feng said, “I was just lucky!” He showed no trace of displeasure toward his teacher’s candid approach in pointing out his capabilities, as he was aware that he had to fight for his status with his capabilities! From how things looked to him, the virtual universe branch was the strongest.

His apparent capability should be close to that of You Hou Master, who was the weakest of the lot. So long as he was able to show part of his capability, his status would be different! Moreover… whether his Remote Ocean body was revealed or not would not make much difference. It was just like how Nine Remoteness Master openly made known to the entire universe that no one would be able to do anything to him.

“Luo Feng. How big is the ocean of your godly body?” Darkness Master asked out of curiosity.

It was something the few other universe masters present were curious about, too. After all, Nine Remoteness Master’s “ocean godly body” was comparable to a supreme true treasure and was something many great beings were secretly envious of.

“The time I spent on cultivation was short, so the ocean of my godly body is still in the initial stage of expansion,” Luo Feng said. “Its diameter is only a couple tens of billions of miles.”

“A couple tens of… billions?” You Hou Master took a deep breath.

Darkness Master, Long Yan Master, and Ice Mountain Master were all taken aback.

Gosh! Even the Li Volcano and World Tree, which were considered to have immensely large godly bodies were only slightly past six billion miles. Such godly bodies were more than enough to send great beings into despair, so learning that Luo Feng’s ocean godly body was several tens of billions of miles wide was astounding news. Everyone could only stare wide-eyed and mouth agape. The speed at which great beings fought and attacked to cause such an ocean to be used up would never match up to the speed of its self-recovery.

“Amazing!”

“Admirable!”

“What a massive godly body!”

Darkness Master and Ice Mountain Master sang Luo Feng’s praises. They were starting to see him in a different light. Previously, their only impression of him was that he was just another universe master of humanity. Luo Feng’s combat power was still much lower compared to theirs, but he had a limitless Remote Ocean that they did not possess… and because of this, Luo Feng’s status immediately rose up the ranks. The question was, why was Nine Remoteness Master so frightening?

The answer was because Nine Remoteness Master would always make use of his strongest talent technique and risk his life for every fight he was involved in! Even if Nine Remoteness Master were to self-destruct, within a twinkling of the eye, a new Nine Remoteness Master would appear. On the other hand, even if his opponent also had the talent of dividing bodies, to recover from the loss of a strong godly body would entail a hefty price. This was why Nine Remoteness Master became such an intimidating presence within the universe.

“Luo Feng.” Darkness Master let out a smile, which was most rarely seen, and said, “With your Remote Ocean body, making use of the strongest technique of a universe master, you self-destructed! This technique alone would enable you to run rampant throughout the universe.”

Luo Feng nodded with a smile. Yes. “I Am the Universe” was a technique that was very demanding on one’s godly power. When one had reached the undying level, only with the perfect life gene level could he make use of this technique. Upon reaching the universe knight level, Remote Ocean body would need a godly power that was at least ten times stronger to be able to make use of I Am the Universe! With a body that was 5,500 miles tall, one could fully make use of I Am the Universe!

The ultimate attack technique was to directly carry out Destruction of Miniature Universe. His original earthling body and golden horned beast body did not dare to make use of Destruction of Miniature Universe because the explosive power of this technique did not have the ability to differentiate foe from self; there was the possibility of self-annihilation.

Yet Remote Ocean body had nothing to fear. From Luo Feng’s point of view, he was now merely a universe knight, for Remote Ocean body to make use of this technique of universe destruction, the power was not strong enough. When he had become a universe master… then this technique would truly instill fear among the other great beings. Remote Ocean body was a trump card that would earn Luo Feng a unique status.

Primal Chaos City Leader smiled and said, “We will be carrying out the highest-level meeting of the human race in a while. But before that, Luo Feng, for your status as universe master, what do you intend to use as your name?”

“My name as a universe master?” Luo Feng mused to himself.

“Blade River Emperor was only one of your disguises previously,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Now, the whole universe calls you by the name of Blade River Master. You can use Blade River Master, or you can use another name of your choice. Upon becoming a universe master, maybe you will have your own opinions. This is why the majority of universe masters change their names to something new. Like me. When my teacher entrusted me with Primal Chaos City, to constantly remind myself of my teacher’s entrustment, I changed my name to ‘Primal Chaos City Leader.’”

Luo Feng nodded. He understood. For some universe masters, if they were weaker, they did not dare to give themselves names that sounded overpowering, as this would cause other beings to look down on them. However, as they get more powerful, their ambitious goals would start to change. Therefore, they would change their universe names.

“A name…” Luo Feng said to himself.

Some great beings renamed themselves according to the weapons they were skilled in using. Some renamed themselves something in remembrance of their hometown or something in their hearts they wanted to hold on to. Some renamed themselves purely out of ambitious goals.

Luo Feng smiled and announced, “Milky Way Horde Leader. I shall be called Milky Way Horde Leader.”

He could still remember those days on Earth when he looked up at the sky to see the limitless Milky Way filled with stars. The Milky Way, where home was. Making it to where he was today… was it all not for the sake of protecting his loved ones? Was it not for the sake of protecting his hometown? Horde Leader… It also represented his territory, so he needed to defend his own territory!

“Milky Way Horde Leader.”

The five universe masters gave his choice some thought, then all nodded in agreement. A name was merely a designation. When one chose to give himself another name, the other great beings would not interfere—unless the name was simply too awful or was a taboo that must be abstained from. Otherwise, regardless of how weird a name was, it truly did not matter.

“Okay,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “So the sixth universe master of the virtual universe branch will be Milky Way Horde Leader.” He suddenly stood up and said, “Let’s go. We shall go meet the creator of our virtual universe branch now.”

“Creator of our virtual universe branch?” Luo Feng felt a little tremor of fear in his heart.

Huge Axe Creator was the creator of Huge Axe Dojo. But the creator of the virtual universe branch…? Who could that be? Luo Feng had tried to search for answers in the past but always ended up with no returns. His authority was limited and thus, insufficient.

Darkness Master also stood up. “Let’s go meet Teacher.”

“To meet Teacher.” Ice Mountain Master followed suit.

In an instant, all six universe master ascended to the sky amidst a limitless chaotic airflow and advanced along the path of the airflow.

“Luo Feng,” Primal Chaos City Leader said as he flew. “I, Darkness, and Ice Mountain are all Teacher’s disciples. Teacher has made great contributions to humanity. If not for him, humanity would never be able to become a pinnacle race so easily. Even Huge Axe Creator had once received Teacher’s guidance and kindness. He was humanity’s first universe supreme being!”

Following Primal Chaos City Leader’s voice, Long Yan Master, who was beside them, also said, “I have also received his kind guidance.”

Luo Feng held his breath. He knew he had touched on highly confidential information about humankind. All these years, and he only knew that humanity had Huge Axe Creator. Even Sitting Mountain Guest only knew Huge Axe Creator! The strongest being in humanity that everyone knew of was Huge Axe Creator. They had not heard of another.

“Teacher’s name is ‘Origin,’” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Previously, humankind was only a strong race. Under Teacher’s guidance, we have grown and gotten stronger. Teacher ran rampant in the universe, roamed the Universe Ocean, and killed countless to eventually build up his reputation! This had allowed humanity to gain power and continue to grow stronger. In the primal universe, there are quite a few universe supreme beings, but Teacher can be said to be incomparable. The other supreme beings keep their distance if they see him from afar.”

“All the way across the Universe Ocean… his name is always the most renowned,” continued Primal Chaos City Leader. “Invincible! No one is comparable to Teacher.”

Primal Chaos City Leader’s eyes were filled with admiration as memories of past events came flashing back. Even Darkness Master, Ice Mountain Master, and Long Yan Master fell silent. They were all immersed in their memories of their Teacher.

“Previously, when humanity gained its reputation as a top power, even the Ancestral God School, who has the protection of the universe origin, was reluctant to provoke our race. At that time, we humans were at our prime!”

The six universe masters flew through space together, causing the chaotic airflow in the surroundings to be continuously forced apart. There was absolute silence all around. Only Primal Chaos City Leader’s voice could be heard. Luo Feng was also completely immersed in his imagination as he tried to picture the one presence which, from the primal universe all the way across Universe Ocean, was said to be formidable. Even other supreme beings knew to keep their distance.

“We have arrived!” Primal Chaos City Leader said.

Luo Feng raised his head to look and saw that surrounded by the airflow were countless towering statues. There were endless fluctuations in the various laws of gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, lightning, light, space, time, golden space, wooden space, water space… Various sorts of laws, to the extent of the fluctuations in the laws of revolution, all seemed to surge out of the countless statues.

With a faraway look in his eyes, Luo Feng seemed to have felt the similarity between these countless towering statues and the ‘universe origins.’


Chapter 1132: Virtual Universe

Primal Chaos City Leader, Ice Mountain Master, and Darkness Master were flying in the front while Long Yan Master, Remote Lord Master, and Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng flew at the back.

Six beings kept flying. In the boundless space, the towering sculpture looked clearer when they approached it.

The greatest being in human history? thought Luo Feng. The most powerful being in the original universe, and even in the Universe Ocean? Cultivated three universe masters including Primal Chaos City Leader?

Luo Feng gazed at the towering sculpture in the distance. Although he had only heard about him from his teacher, he was already filled with awe and worship. What an incredible being! He had created the virtual universe, and other universe supreme masters could only avoid him, and he made the human race the strongest power in the universe. Even the Ancestral God School wasn’t willing to mess with the human race!

Impressive accomplishments!

“This is Teacher Origin?” Luo Feng kept observing the sculpture.

Teacher Origin was a lanky man wearing a white cape with a smile on his face. Behind his smile was a perfection that could only be attained after fully comprehending everything. Luo Feng raised his head and looked at the sculpture. He saw the trace of a smile on his face, and that smile made Luo Feng completely peaceful. He felt as if he were nestling in his mother’s arms again.

He looked as if he had seen through everything in the universe and that there was nothing he didn’t know. He looked stalwart—as if he were the pillar of the universe. The universe revolved around him.

“Teacher.” Primal Chaos City Leader, Ice Mountain Master and Darkness Master stopped.

Primal Chaos City Leader bowed and said, “There’s one more universe master in the virtual universe now, and he’s my disciple, Luo Feng. I have brought him here to greet you.” Primal Chaos City Leader turned to Luo Feng. “Luo Feng. Greet your teacher, Origin.”

Luo Feng walked up beside Primal Chaos City Leader and gave a salutation. “Teacher Origin,” he said.

Luo Feng absolutely admired this legendary being, as the human race had risen because of Teacher Origin. He had guided Huge Axe Founder. He had even created the virtual universe. If it weren’t for Teacher Origin, the history of Earth might have been different.

Primal Chaos City Leader raised his head and looked at the towering sculpture, and his eyes gleamed. “I follow your order. I’ve been guarding Primal Chaos City and the humans, and I didn’t dare to slack in my duties. Now that Luo Feng has become a universe master, we humans will be stronger! I believe that we will prosper!”

Darkness Master and Ice Mountain Master both bowed and whispered, but their voices were blocked from the outside. It was depressive in front of the sculpture. The atmosphere affected the six universe masters, and even Darkness Master became like a child.

“We’ll leave now.” Primal Chaos City Leader bowed.

The other universe masters did the same, then they all flew away. The air was flowing, and they disappeared in the airflow.

The towering sculpture stood still, just as it had been doing for an infinity of eras, but its eyes blinked and glanced at the six beings who flew away. A dimming voice said, “Luo Feng?”

Six beings kept flying in the airflow. Luo Feng couldn’t help asking, “Teacher, why did I feel that there were many law ripples around the sculpture of Teacher Origin, as if it were the land of origin?”

What a powerful place the land of origin was! Even universe supreme masters didn’t dare resist it. All the life forms in the universe trained themselves in the universe origin and accomplished everything because of the origin ocean.

Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng. “That is the land of origin.”

“Yes.” Ice Mountain Master, who had thus far been aloof, opened his mouth. “However, that’s the land of origin of the virtual universe.”

“The land of origin of the virtual universe?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Another universe origin?

“Everything is virtual in the virtual universe, and all the laws can be practiced and comprehended.” It was Darkness Master who spoke this time, and his voice sounded wicked but elegant. “Of course, there’s a universe origin supporting the virtual universe. You won’t be able to practice in a fantasy.”

Luo Feng was rendered speechless. That was right. No fantasies allowed great beings to practice.

“You can still practice in a fantasy,” said Primal Chaos City Leader, “and you can’t even feel the difference. However, only a few universe supreme masters are able to perform those fantasies, and also, only the laws that universe supreme masters can manifest can be practiced. It will consume a great amount of energy for great beings to practice in a fantasy.”

“The virtual universe was created by Teacher Origin,” said Luo Feng. “Does that mean Teacher Origin knows all the laws? Is it possible? As the virtual universe can form a universe origin.”

Luo Feng found it hard to believe. Teacher Origin knew all the merge laws—all the individual laws and even the law operation of the universe?

“No!” Primal Chaos City Leader glimpsed at Luo Feng and smiled. “Remote Lord was also confused like you were when he went to visit Teacher Origin the first time. Remote Lord, why don’t you explain it to Luo Feng?”

Remote Lord Master nodded and looked at Luo Feng. “Not necessarily. Besides, the virtual universe is not a fantasy! It’s different than a fantasy. It would require a great sum of energies for fantasies to allow great beings to practice laws, but the virtual universe can always be a place for great beings to train themselves, even for universe knights and universe masters.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“How much energy do you think would be consumed to allow so many great beings to practice if it’s a fantasy?” Remote Lord Master smiled. “Actually, the virtual universe hardly consumes any energy.”

“What?” Luo Feng was dazed.

Hardly consumed any energy? It would require a lot of energy to maintain a virtual space, and the virtual universe covered almost the entire universe. Countless humans were connected to the virtual universe every day, but it hardly required any energy?

“Brother Luo Feng,” said Remote Lord Master with a smile. “There are countless races breeding and fighting and even consuming the godly power in the origin ocean every day. Do you think the original universe is consuming energy?”

“The energy from the original universe is eternal,” said Luo Feng.

“Since the energy of the original universe is never consumed, why are those of virtual universe consumed?” said Remote Lord Master.

Luo Feng was truly amazed. Could the virtual universe rival the original universe?

“Don’t look down upon your Teacher Origin,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. He looked at Luo Feng, and Darkness Master and Ice Mountain Master looked awed as well.

Darkness Master said, “Humph! No universe supreme masters dared to fight Teacher in the Universe Ocean. If our teacher were still here, the three alliances wouldn’t dare to scheme you. If they do, Teacher Origin will attack the three alliances directly, and they can only give valuables to mitigate it.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help asking, “Then how did Teacher Origin…?”

How did Teacher Origin die? The other five universe masters knew exactly what Luo Feng was about to ask.

“Teacher is still alive!” Primal Chaos City Leader said solemnly.

“Yes! He’s still alive!” said Darkness Master.

“Teacher won’t die!” said Ice Mountain Master.

Luo Feng was bewildered. Then how come everyone said there was only one universe supreme master within the human race, and he could only visit a sculpture.

“Teacher Origin was almighty, and he’s the most powerful universe supreme master!” Darkness Master’s eyes gleamed. “No one can match Teacher Origin! However, Teacher Origin still seeks a path to be stronger, which goes against the universe operation law, as he’s provoking the universe origin!”

Provoking the universe origin? When Virtual-Real Devil Master went to kill him, he had shown extremely incredible power. Chains had suddenly appeared in the sky and bound Virtual-Real Devil Master. Those chains disappeared only after Virtual-Real Devil Master weakened his power.

“The universe operation law is not allowed to be provoked!”

“However, Teacher Origin was so powerful that he wanted to go against it.”

“He provoked it again and again!”

“Then he was punished by the universe origin!” Darkness Master said confidently. “However, Teacher Origin already stood at the top of the universe supreme masters, so even though the universe origin was infuriated and tried to punish him, it still couldn’t stop him from advancing.

Luo Feng was shocked. He could only imagine how the universe origin kept punishing Teacher Origin while he kept making breakthroughs.

“Eventually, Teacher Origin fought against the universe origin,” Darkness Master said with awe in his eyes. “And the result is that Teacher Origin was suppressed by the universe origin forever.”

“Suppressed?” Luo Feng held his breath.

Wow! A universe supreme master dared to fight the universe origin! How insane that was! However, he had been suppressed forever.

“Even though he’s suppressed forever,” Darkness Master said in his high-pitched voice, “Teacher Origin still performed the technique ‘Virtual Universe,’ which covers the entire universe. Only other universe supreme masters and the universe origin can slightly hinder it.”

Luo Feng nodded. The range controlled by Space Beast Ancestor didn’t allow for the virtual universe, as this was the will of Space Beast Ancestor. The virtual universe was also not allowed on the original stars because of the universe origin.

“It covers the entire universe.” Darkness Master looked to Luo Feng. “Have you ever heard of a technique that powerful? Teacher Origin even has a universe master slave, and he’s a universe master of the automaton race.”

“That universe master is the intelligent core of the ‘virtual universe,’” Darkness Master went on. “Everyone knows the virtual universe needs to deal with countless programs every day, and it’s extremely complicated. Even powerful universe masters won’t be able to deal with it. However, the universe master of the automaton race is an intelligent life form himself and can easily maintain it after becoming a universe master. Usually, that universe master deals with everything, and Teacher Origin doesn’t care what we’re doing. However, we have to go to the land of origin of the virtual universe if we want to meet Teacher Origin.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help asking, “Are there any ways to save Teacher Origin from the suppression?”


Chapter 1133: Rong Jun

Luo Feng had only gotten to learn some major information about this legendary character today, but that did not stop him from worshipping Teacher Origin then and there.

In Luo Feng’s point of view, he had servants that were universe masters, had built the virtual universe, stood at the highest peak, and had gone to war with the universe origin… Finally, he had ended up in eternal suppression. Every event evoked a surge of admiration and respect for such a leader of humanity. If such a leader could appear in the universe once again… it would be one grand occasion for humanity.

“Is there any way out?” Luo Feng looked at the other universe masters.

Darkness Master was silent.

Primal Chaos City Leader sighed and answered, “No.”

Long Yan Master’s resounding voice was heard. “Huge Axe Creator has thought about it too, but he could not come up with a solution either. The servant of Teacher Origin, who is the core intelligence of the virtual universe, also informed us that Teacher Origin was unable to find any solution.”

Luo Feng sighed and nodded. After all, this was eternal suppression by the universe origin! Who could render help?

All six universe masters, including Luo Feng, had just returned to Thunder Island when they received mail from Huge Axe Creator, who was inviting them to join in the highest-level meeting of the human race.

“There are two kinds of highest-level meetings,” Primal Chaos City Leader said with a grin. “One is a large-scale, highest-level meeting where all universe knights, universe masters, and universe supreme beings will have to attend. Such a large-scale, highest-level meeting would normally be about major happenings or events that would compromise the benefits of universe knights. The other important matters that only concern the race—normally an internal discussion would suffice, and this other kind of highest-level meeting—would be attended by universe masters and universe supreme beings. This was convened by Huge Axe Creator. Thus, it is also known as ‘Huge Axe Meeting.’”

“Huge Axe Meeting?” Luo Feng nodded.

The previous highest-level meeting attended by a large number of universe knights was merely an announcement session where they all listened to a universe master issue information. The actual decision-makers were universe masters and universe supreme beings.

This was why Huge Axe Meeting was where decisions for various matters of the race were made.

“Your authority limit has been increased, so you can directly transport over to Huge Axe God Palace,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “The Huge Axe Meeting will be held at Huge Axe God Palace.”

“Oh.” Luo Feng checked again and realized there were a few additional places he could transport to.

“Let’s go,” Primal Chaos City Leader said.

Within an instant, the six universe masters of the virtual universe branch disappeared from Thunder Island. For their branch… Primal Chaos City Leader was obviously the one in command.

Amidst endless darkness, there were indistinct flashes of starlight from afar.

A simple, plain-looking god palace hung suspended in mid-air. In the empty space in front of the god palace—which was not too big nor too small—there was a long stone table. There was only one stone chair at the position of the host seat, while on either side of the table was a stretch of stone chairs, all occupied by several towering figures.

The universe masters were in discussion. They were divided into several cliques, so it was typical for them to poke fun at each other.

“Haha! Deserted Mirror. Previously, all of you were so unwilling to hand over Earth’s ownership rights to Luo Feng! In the end, the final say still lies with Huge Axe… We have said that the day Luo Feng sits with us will be the day we hand him Earth ownership rights. That wasn’t too long ago, right? Luo Feng has already earned his place beside us now.”

“Didn’t you also object to it previously?”

“I have no family ties to worry about, so naturally, I will take a neutral stand. Actually, from how things turn out now, maybe you all should have acceded to Luo Feng’s request back then and accepted the Disambiguation Mirror Stone for half of Earth’s ownership rights! Now? Now that Luo Feng is on equal footing with us, according to what Huge Axe has said, we must surrender all the ownership rights to Luo Feng, but at the same time, the Disambiguation Mirror Stones are off limits to us.”

“Humph.”

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Six figures appeared almost simultaneously. They were none other than the six great beings from the virtual universe branch with Primal Chaos City Leader as their leader.

“Primal Chaos City Leader.”

“Primal Chaos City Leader, you are here.”

“Primal Chaos City Leader.”

Almost all the universe masters who were already present greeted Primal Chaos City Leader the moment they saw him. After all, within all of humanity, the ones with the highest status were unquestionably Huge Axe Creator and Teacher Origin, who had been eternally suppressed by the universe origins! Other than these two, Primal Chaos City Leader, who was eternally protecting the primal universe, was right next in line, so naturally, he would be highly respected.

“Darkness, you are here too? It is quite rare to see you making an appearance.”

“I didn’t expect Darkness to turn up. There have been so many meetings before this, but never once has he turned up.”

The universe masters were speaking incessantly while the group of six with their leader, Primal Chaos City Leader, took their seats. The six universe masters of the virtual universe branch sat together in a straight, horizontal row, with Primal Chaos City Leader nearest to the host seat, followed by Long Yan Master, Darkness Master, Ice Mountain Master, You Hou Master, and lastly, Milky Way Horde Leader.

Luo Feng sat down and observed the other universe masters as he humbly replied to their conversations.

“Luck! I was lucky to make such accomplishments because I had the chance to cultivate in peace for a long period in places like House of Time. It was just by chance encounter that I managed to create that technique. Haha! The three major alliances were after my life—I needed to be ruthless to save myself!”

As he spoke, he observed meticulously. After all, all those present were already the top-tier beings of humanity. Previously, he had only managed to look up some information, but he had never met them in person before.

Huge Axe Dojo branch has Huge Axe Creator as its leader. Normally, Void Gold Master would be the one managing the dojo, who was previously the substitute teacher for my big brother, Hong, and the creator of the Sky Ruins Tablet.

Luo Feng looked over and saw that Void Gold Master was a towering figure with long, dazzling golden hair. He wore a smile on his face and had eyebrows that were so long they hung all the way down to his chest. In terms of how he carried himself, he was no less charismatic than Primal Chaos City Leader.

The Universe Mercenary Alliance has Deserted Mirror Master as its leader, Luo Feng realized as he observed carefully.

Deserted Mirror Master was hideous-looking, and his body was covered with complicated scales. There were three sharp horns on his head, so at first glance, he looked like a beast in human form. The aura he exuded was equally domineering. Deserted Mirror Master was also observing Luo Feng with due diligence; of all the universe masters present who observing Luo Feng, the number of times he looked over at Luo Feng ranked in the top three.

The Universe First Bank has Qing Dong Master as its leader.

Qing Dong Master was wearing a green armor with a green cape, and on his cape were complicated secret engravings that formed a beautiful beast diagram. That beast did not belong to any species of the Eight Beast Gods.

Universe Star River Bank has Peng Gong Master as its leader.

Luo Feng looked at Peng Gong Master. Of the three universe masters staring at Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master topped the list. He was slightly stout, bald, and had a large beard that drooped. From the aura he exuded, he was by far the weakest universe master present. And the Universe Star River Bank branch he led only had a total of two universe masters, which was the least of the lot. Yet, according to the information that Luo Feng had read up on, Peng Gong Master’s power was ranked at the top of humanity. Even Void Gold Master was not his match. He was, in fact, comparable to Primal Chaos City Leader.

Humanity is indeed strong. Luo Feng could not help but sigh. There are more universe masters at the pinnacle level; there were even a few that were at the top-tier level. This is considered extremely high in the universe.

This was based on all the understanding Luo Feng had gained so far. The powers of universe masters could be categorized as “elementary,” “ordinary,” “pinnacle,” and “top-tier.”

The elementary category referred to those who had just become universe masters, with a life gene level of 100 times, who had yet to create an ultimate technique of a universe master. This group of universe masters rarely made appearances. They were more inclined to isolate themselves in solitude to devote themselves to honing their power.

The ordinary category referred to those who used a certain amount of resources to get their life gene level to reach a stage whereby it was temporarily difficult to achieve further increase—for example, 1,000 times the life gene level. In addition, they had created their ultimate technique of a universe master and had obtained quite outstanding true treasures.

The pinnacle category was made up of universe masters who might possess very powerful true treasures or created very strong techniques or had life gene levels that might have reached around 10,000 times! Satisfying one of the above, then meeting the requirements of the other two, would just be a matter of time. This was the point where a universe master was almost considered to be at the pinnacle level.

The top-tier category referred to universe masters like Star River Master, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Darkness Master. In terms of life gene level, true treasures and techniques, these masters had attained an extremely high level. That was the only way to be considered top-tier!

The five branches of humanity. From how I see it, the virtual universe branch is the strongest link. Especially the three disciples of Teacher Origin: Teacher, Darkness Master, and Ice Mountain Master. All of them were about the top-tier level.

Luo Feng sighed inwardly as he thought about how truly powerful the disciples under the tutelage of Teacher Origin were. The other four branches seemed to pale in comparison when it came to quality. Even Huge Axe Creator had once received the guidance of Teacher Origin.

As Luo Feng sat contemplating the power of the greatest level of humanity and sighing over how he was the last one in line, Huge Axe Creator finally turned up.

Hua!

With a head of disheveled hair, a wild-looking giant appeared on the host seat. That very instant, the universe masters quietened down as all their expressions registered respect. Only Luo Feng, though also looking respectful, was unable to conceal the hint of surprise he felt. The wild-looking giant looked toward Luo Feng, smiled, and nodded.

“Luo Feng!” he said. “This is the first time you and I have met.”

“Huge Axe Creator,” Luo Feng replied respectfully while looking at Huge Axe Creator.

The more he looked at this wild-looking giant, the more he noted the striking resemblance between Huge Axe Creator and his good friend from the past, “Rong Jun.” Rong Jun may have been a far cry from Huge Axe Creator, but he did carry some charismatic airs, albeit indistinctly. But they both shared the same kind of heroic spirit. Even their looks and disposition…

As distinct as the differences between east and west, Huge Axe Creator and wild man Rong Jun contrasted, but they clearly shared a similar disposition. In terms of looks and appearance, Luo Feng experienced a new feeling… the feeling of being of the same race!

When Rong Jun made his first appearance in Primal Chaos City, he was not outstanding at all, thought Luo Feng. At that time, we were merely a bunch of fellows who just emerged from the War of Talents… Many universe knights paid us no heed. Just like me, now —where would I find the time to care for those young emerging fellows? At that time, even Bo Lan was not taken in as a disciple by any universe knight; on the contrary, Rong Jun was the first to be accepted as a disciple by a universe country master.

When Rong Jung had been accepted as a disciple to a universe country master, many participants of the War of Talents were jealous and reluctant to accept the fact. At that time, Luo Feng had also gritted his teeth and promised himself that, even if Rong Jun did have a universe country master as teacher, he would surpass Rong Jun, somehow. Even then…

Thereafter, when he did succeed in achieving outstanding results, there were still other beings like Heaven Erosion Palace Master who were betting that Luo Feng was still not Rong Jun’s match.

“Why are they all in favor of Rong Jun?” Luo Feng muttered under his breath. “It seems highly possible he is from the branch under Huge Axe Creator. Who are the great beings under Huge Axe creator’s branch?”

A great deal of information on universe knights came rushing back to Luo Feng’s mind as he speedily recalled his memories. However, most universe knights donned armor and boots. There were not many like Rong Jun, who carried the disposition of a wild man…

“There were four to five of them who seem to have such a disposition or character.”

Luo Feng tired hard to recall so that he could differentiate something out. He was faintly sure of it. After all, he did take a shorter time to become a great being, so he only had a few good friends like Kuang Zhou Knight. The rest of the universe knights were merely casual acquaintances.


Chapter 1134: I’ve Said So

Just when Luo Feng was pondering the relationship between Rong Jun and Huge Axe Founder, Huge Axe Founder looked around all the universe masters and smiled. “We haven’t seen this for a while. All the universe masters gather here today.”

All the 19 universe masters laughed.

“We’re here today because we want to give Luo Feng a formal welcome.” Huge Axe Founder looked to Luo Feng. “From today on, there’ll be one more universe maser within the human race. Luo Feng has the clone technique, and his surviving ability is ranked top ten in the universe… It’s lucky for us humans to have him.”

Hua.

Most of the universe masters looked to Luo Feng, and some of them transmitted their voices to discuss. Apparently, Huge Axe Founder’s assertion that Luo Feng’s surviving ability was ranked in the top ten startled them.

It seems Huge Axe Founder knows about my Remote Ocean body, Luo Feng thought. Whereas the universe masters from other streams haven’t known about it. Otherwise, they won’t be that surprised!

“According to the rules of us humans,” Huge Axe Founder said, smiling, “anyone who becomes a universe master can be bestowed a valuable as precious as a top-tier true treasure weapon by our race. Luo Feng, what do you want?”

Luo Feng couldn’t help exclaiming. This was one of the differences between the pinnacle race and the weaker ones. Even for the Northern Territory Alliance, which was one of the top nine powers, universe masters wouldn’t be bestowed valuables, as there were too many races and great beings—unless some mighty universe masters offered to join the alliance.

“Just name your demand, Luo Feng.” Huge Axe Founder looked to Luo Feng.

All the universe masters looked to Luo Feng as well.

Luo Feng turned to Huge Axe Founder and smiled. “I don’t want other true treasures, but I do want my territory, the Milky Way, to be reconstructed, and I want to stay there forever. I want to stay in my home forever and make it more stable.”

“Stay in the Milky Way forever?” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

The other universe masters were all a bit surprised. Normally, universe masters would choose secret region like the primal secret region. It was unusual for a universe master to be stationed in one galaxy, but Primal Chaos City Leader didn’t try to hinder that, as he knew how much Luo Feng valued his home planet, especially since he had named himself Milky Way Horde Leader.

“Luo Feng wants to be stationed in the Milky Way forever?”

The other universe masters were all surprised. However, they didn’t voice their confusion, as the universe masters from the virtual universe didn’t say much.

“I will, of course, allow that.” Huge Axe Founder nodded. “The Milky Way is only one galaxy, and one top-tier true treasure is more than enough to stabilize it.”

“It’s indeed enough,” said Luo Feng.

It would be costly for one universe master to be stationed in the Milky Way and to reconstruct it. Although it was not as valuable as a top-tier true treasure, it wouldn’t be much different. Besides, Luo Feng had a great many true treasures with him, so he didn’t need ordinary true treasures.

“I remember that Luo Feng wants his home planet, Earth, back,” said Huge Axe Founder again.

Luo Feng’s eyes immediately gleamed. The other universe masters went silent and all looked to Huge Axe Founder.

“Now that Luo Feng has become a universe master and is sitting with us, I should return the ownership of the Earth to Luo Feng,” said Huge Axe Founder.

“Huge Axe,” the scaled giant with three horns suddenly said. “Universe masters should make contributions and support an entire race. After being bestowed at the start, universe masters should make contributions before they gain more! True treasures need to be exchanged with true treasure points after contributions! And the same rule applies here. Milky Way Horde Leader shouldn’t get anything for free, now. The other half of the ownership of Earth belongs to our race, and Milky Way Horde Leader should contribute valuables as precious as that!”

“Yes, he should give valuables to exchange,” agreed some other universe masters.

Luo Feng looked to that scaled giant with the three horns. It was Huang Jian Master. Huang Jian Master even gave Luo Feng a head nod.

Huang Jian!

Primal Chaos City Leader said, “The other half of ownership of Earth is under my virtual universe, and the contract was signed between my virtual universe company and Luo Feng. Although you all have offspring on Earth, those 50 billion mixed elements are paid by my virtual universe company. I can totally give it back to Luo Feng, as the other half of the ownership belongs to my virtual universe company.”

“The virtual universe company is a part of the human race,” said Huang Jian Master. “How can the virtual universe company give out an asset like that? He should contribute before he gains!”

“Haha! I bought the earth for 50 billion mixed elements,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Luo Feng, just pay fifty billion mixed elements to buy the other half of the ownership back.”

50 billion mixed elements? Was that a joke?

Any treasure would be much more precious than that. To universe masters, 50 billion mixed elements were like a drop of water, yet the Earth was a boundless ocean! There was no comparison.

“We all know how precious the Earth is,” Huang Jian Master said with a frown. “50 billion mixed elements is nothing! Don’t mention how you purchased it with 50 billion mixed elements. Firstly, we didn’t know about the potential of Earth, and also, Luo Feng was extremely weak. 50 billion mixed elements were enough for him.”

“Oh, Huang Jian, are you trying to interfere with the trade of my virtual universe company?” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “You’re not the person in charge of the virtual universe company. I am.”

“I’m not interfering,” said Huang Jian Master, “but we need to have rules. If it were a personal asset of yours, you could deal with it however you want. However, it’s an asset of the virtual universe company, and it belongs to Teacher Origin. How can you just give away valuables of the virtual universe company like that?”

They kept arguing. One of them was the person in charge of the virtual universe company while the other was the founder of the Universe Mercenary Alliance. Both of them were top-tier universe masters and held a similar status.

Qing Dong Master and Peng Gong Master stayed silent, sitting aside. After all, they were related to the Earth.

“Okay,” Huge Axe Founder said.

Huang Jian Master and Primal Chaos City Leader looked to Huge Axe Founder.

Huge Axe Founder frowned. “I’ve said so! When Luo Feng is able to sit with me, the other half of the ownership will be returned to Luo Feng! I should live up to my promise! Since the other half of the ownership of the Earth belongs to the virtual universe company, I’ll just give a pinnacle true treasure to the virtual universe to cover the loss.”

“Huge Axe!”

“Huge Axe,” said Huang Jian Master.

“Huge Axe Founder!” even Luo Feng couldn’t help shouting.

“It’s done,” Huge Axe said. He glanced at all the universe masters, and they went silent.

The main issue was to welcome Luo Feng. They also talked about the original stars and Universe Ocean before the meeting was over. The universe masters of the virtual universe were dismissed. Only Luo Feng was called by Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Teacher, why does it end with Huge Axe Founder transferring a pinnacle true treasure to the virtual universe company?” Luo Feng couldn’t help asking as he felt like he owed Huge Axe Founder.

“Don’t overthink it.” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head. “Huge Axe Founder is a universe supreme master within our human race, and he has the greatest number of true treasures! He will just give away true treasures to races! Many powerful true treasures that need to be exchanged in the races are given away by Huge Axe Founder! It’s nothing to him to give us one. After this is finished, I’ll give the true treasure back to our race.”

Luo Feng nodded. It wasn’t easy to support an entire race! The weak would be at a disadvantage if they were alone, but lone universe supreme masters could live a relaxing life. They stood among the strongest in the universe and thus were able to obtain many true treasures. However, they only needed several true treasures. Others were useless to them. On the contrary, if the universe supreme masters were related to a race, they not only needed to be careful but also needed to make continuous contributions to the race he belonged to.

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded. He knew that he needed to return the favor from Huge Axe Founder.

“Don’t blame Huang Jian Master for trying to obstruct that,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “It’s all about interest. Look at other universe masters. Did you wonder why others didn’t say anything? Because it’s related to the interests of the other four streams as well. Huang Jian Master was basically speaking for them… Almost every issue in the universe has to do with interests, either individual or relating to race.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“By the way.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng. “Do you really plan to stay in the Milky Way galaxy forever?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded. “Forever!”

“Universe masters in the human race are usually stationed in the important places in the human territory,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “For one thing, there are plenty of universe knights, undying fighters, and talents who need protection from the supreme beings, and for another, there are several universe masters in the important places. They can help each other out if there’s a catastrophe. If there’s only one of you staying in the Milky Way, other great beings will need to spend some time to get there if other races attack it. Of course, some universe masters choose to have one of their bodies to guard their homes. You’re not changing your mind?”

Luo Feng smiled and said, “No. I’ll guard the Milky Way forever.”

He had fought for such a long time—and even risked his own life— for what? To stand at the top of the universe and protect his home!


Chapter 1135: Luo Feng’s Order

Hong! Hong! Hong!

There were volcanoes in the god country, and burning magma burst out of the volcanoes. It was a country of magma! Every moment, there was magma bursting out of the volcanoes. At the center of the god country was a towering godly palace surrounded by endless flames, and there was a sculpture in front of the godly palace. It was a sculpture of Mo Luo.

Shua!

A being showed up in front of the godly palace. It was Mo Luo.

Mo Luo was one of the talents in the virtual universe company and had become undying 30,000 years ago. Although he was only an official level undying, he was a pinnacle official-level undying known as “Wild Beast Official.”

After being beaten by Luo Feng, he had been craving to surpass Luo Feng. Unfortunately, not only did he not surpass Luo Feng, but he was now overpowered by Bo Lan and Rong Jun, both of whom were emperor-level undying now. Although he was slightly inferior to Bo Lan and Rong Jun, he still demonstrated great potential, which was why he became a disciple of South Fox Country Master.

Standing in the sky, Mo Luo became startled. “Someone’s here.”

It was his god country. How could others enter his god country?

Hong!

Three towering beings showed up in a corner of the god country, and they teleported themselves to in front of Mo Luo.

Mo Luo took a look at the three beings and felt relieved. He walked up and said, “Greetings, teacher.”

South Fox Country Master looked at him with pity. South Fox Country Master looked to the two universe masters beside him and nodded. “Ganwu, North Larva.”

Ganwu Country Master gazed at Mo Luo coldly and shouted, “Mo Luo, are you aware of your crimes?”

“Crimes?”

Luo Feng was terrified. He couldn’t help looking to his teacher, South Fox Country Master, who looked gloomy. This told him something was wrong.

“I’ve been following the rules consistently,” he said, “and I haven’t done anything against the laws. I don’t know what crimes I’ve committed.”

The universe knight in white—emanating sense of indifference— smirked. “South Fox,” he said, “your disciple still dares to quibble.”

“Not quibbling!” Mo Luo said anxiously. “Please give me the evidence that I’ve committed crimes, Teacher…” He looked to his teacher ardently.

“You still don’t know your crimes?” South Fox Country Master shook his head. “This is an order from Milky Way Horde Leader. If you admit your crimes, you’ll be sent to the first star domain prison for 10,000 eras! If you don’t, you’ll be executed!”

Mo Luo shook his body and looked petrified…

Executed?

“I’ve committed crimes! I admit it!” Mo Luo yelled. “Teacher, I admit it. You two universe knights, I admit it.”

“What crimes?” North Larva Knight asked.

Ganwu Country Master stared at Mo Luo coldly.

“What crimes…?” said Mo Luo. “I don’t really know…”

Mo Luo was apprehensive. He started to think quickly; his mind operated faster than it ever had in his life. He had been born an orphan, and after all the life or death experiences, he had formed a mature way of living. He would kill all those who posted a threat to him! And he wouldn’t leave any traces.

Now that these seniors from the virtual universe company were here to question him, all the incidents flooded his mind… He had done many cruel things, but, theoretically, he had left no trace of his actions. There were some beings who knew what he had done, but no one had evidence.

Milky Way Horde Leader’s order? thought Mo Luo. Who is this Milky Way Horde Leader? Milky Way… A name came to Mo Luo’s mind. Luo Feng! Luo Feng’s home planet is Earth in the Milky Way. Could he be Milky Way Horde Leader?

Mo Luo was undying, but he was so scared that he was sweating. He’d been following Luo Feng’s process and had been terrified when he’d learned that Luo Feng had become a disciple of Primal Chaos City Leader. He was certain that if Luo Feng divulged his actions to Primal Chaos City Leader, he would be doomed. However, Mo Luo had also done his research. He knew Primal Chaos City Leader was famously fair.

He won’t prosecute me without evidence, thought Mo Luo.

Initially, he had been scared, but he’d stopped being worried because Luo Feng hadn’t revealed anything, even after all this time.

As for Luo Feng’s record on the original stars, undying fighters were not qualified to know about the original stars! Only universe masters, universe knights, and incredibly powerful, invincible emperors were qualified to know the truth about Luo Feng.

Mo Luo had no idea what had happened. He didn’t know about Luo Feng hunting on the original stars. Neither did he know that Luo Feng had killed more than 6,000 universe knights in one move.

Luo Feng wants me dead?

Mo Luo raised his head and looked at the three universe knights. North Larva Knight and Ganwu Country Master gazed at him coldly while South Fox Country Master kept shaking his head.

“It is him.”

Mo Luo looked at South Fox Country Master. “Teacher, even you don’t believe me? I didn’t do anything! I adventured on Demon Note Mountain before, and we’ve had a feud since then because of valuables! I can’t believe he still holds such a grudge against me after all these years! Teacher, please, be fair! Show justice!”

North Larva Knight smirked. “You’re still quibbling.”

“Interesting,” said Ganwu Country Master and shook his head.

“It doesn’t matter anymore.” South Fox Country Master sighed. “Mo Luo, I know that you’re decisive, but I can’t believe you’re so ruthless.”

“Teacher, I’m being framed!” said Mo Luo.

He didn’t dare to admit it. He would be executed if he admitted it.

“Teacher.” Mo Luo clenched his teeth. Tears welled in his eyes and rolled down his face. “I’m being framed! Even if Luo Feng has become a universe knight, how can you allege that I’m guilty just because of what he said? I can only die to prove that I’m innocent.”

Weng!

Strong godly power restrained every trace of Mo Luo’s godly power. He wasn’t even able to self-destruct under such suppression.

Mo Luo couldn’t help staring at Ganwu Country Master. “Ganwu Senior, you…”

Mo Luo knew about resurrection and was certain he would be revived if he acted indignantly. However, Ganwu Country Master didn’t even give him a chance to self-destruct himself.

“Don’t even try,” Ganwu Country Master said. “We’re here to deal with you under the orders of Milky Way Horde Leader. You’ll be executed now, as you didn’t admit to your crimes.”

Mo Luo’s eyes glinted with madness. “Milky Way Horde Leader? Who is this Milky Way Horde Leader?” Mo Luo yelled hoarsely.

“The Mr. Luo Feng you were talking about,” said North Larva Knight.

“Luo Feng? Not possible! He just became a universe knight! How long has he been training himself? 100,000 years? How can he command you as only a universe knight?” Mo Luo shook his head, unwilling to believe it. “I know that I’ll die, but please tell me who wants me dead!”

Ganwu Country Master gazed at Mo Luo. “It’s Mr. Luo Feng. Luo Feng has become a universe master! He’s a pinnacle being in our human race.”

“A universe master?” Mo Luo opened his eyes wide. “Luo Feng? A universe master?”

The same Luo Feng who had been kicked into the abyss had become a universe master?

“Milky Way Horde Leader is a universe master,” said Ganwu Country Master. “How can he frame you? His word is much more adequate than any evidence. You’re indeed reckless. You dared to go against the orders of the virtual universe company.”

“No! I didn’t!” Mo Luo yelled. “I don’t believe Luo Feng has become a universe master! Not possible!”

Peng!

Like the ground being cracked, Mo Luo’s godly body started to crumble. It turned into dust, vanishing into thin air.

All of a sudden, his god country, which was lively with magma bursting out of volcanoes a moment before, went dead. The volcanoes stopped erupting. And all the volcanoes went dead, and the god country started to turn cold.

If Mo Luo could be resurrected, his god country could come back to life. Unfortunately, Mo Luo would never be revived.

“Let’s go!”

Ganwu Country Master, North Larva Knight, and South Fox Country Master teleported themselves out of the dying god country.

Earth, just as Mo Luo was executed.

The foreigners living in the floating cities all roared.

“We must all migrate?”

“Who gave the order? I sold the territory of an entire solar system to get the residential right to live on Earth for 1,000 years. Who’s going to compensate me?”

“Not possible!”

“You’re trying to expel us? I’ll report it back to my family and make you all regret it.”

After the power of Earth was discovered, residency rights on Earth became incredibly expensive. Only those with solid connections in the five powers could enter. Besides, they all went to Earth to give birth to their children, and after their children were born, they would leave Earth in no time.

Those were all beings with powerful families in the human territory, and they had paid a huge price to come to Earth. But now, they were all going to be expelled?

“Virtual universe company, Huge Axe Dojo, Universe Mercenary Alliance, Universe First Bank, and Universe Star River Bank gave an order at the same time.”

“Leave the earth in three days. Otherwise, die.”

Those beings with powerful families were nothing in front of a universe master. All they could do was reluctantly leave Earth.

When the enforcement team expelled all the migrants, the pantheon in the solar system also disappeared. From now on, this would be the place where Milky Way Horde Leader guarded forever. And mass construction began in the Milky Way.

“Earth!”

A black-haired man stood in the solar system, looking at the blue planet. He smiled, stepped into the atmosphere of earth, and dived.


Chapter 1136: Earth Branch

100,000 years later, what would Earth be like?

Long grass would be all about. Amidst all the greenery that embellished the surroundings, there were numerous residential buildings of unique structures. Birds were often seen flying in the sky, which was a deep azure blue. The air would be fresh, and if the standards of human domain were to be applied, then Earth would be categorized as a top-tier SSS-grade life planet of the highest standard.

Nature and technology would have achieved perfect harmony. There would be many people—men and women alike—walking along the streets, dressed either in their training gear or just casual clothes. There would not be any public transportation like cars on the roads, and the underground tunnels that connected Earth to the various cities around would be advancing at a speed of 18,000 miles, a speed that allowed the people to arrive at other cities with much ease.

Of course, allowing several large continents to stretch across the seabed to form tunnels would also be possible because of Luo Feng’s authority.

“Earth would be entirely different,” Luo Feng gasped in admiration.

Xu Xin smiled and replied, “It will be even more different in the future.”

They walked along the street as a couple, looking just like any other ordinary husband and wife. The other people could not tell the difference at all. Actually, even if one had seen Luo Feng, their memories of him would vanish immediately in the blink of an eye. There was no way they could remember anything about him.

Luo Feng observed everything around him carefully. Earlier on, he had sent Remote Ocean body to garrison Earth. Yet Remote Ocean body merely sat cross-legged in silence, in a quiet room deep within the Luo’s family house. He would only make an appearance if a crucial situation occurred. Except for the other two times when Luo Feng had to accompany his family, Remote Ocean body did not make any move at all.

“Xu Xin, I realized that Star Traveler levels are frequently seen here,” said Luo Feng. “I saw many along the way.” He could not hold it back longer, so he asked, “Are Star Traveler levels that common?”

“Over 10,000 years, Earth would not have been able to develop so fast where the majority were star traveler levels.” Xu Xin shook her head. “Oh well. The mysteries of Earth are top secrets, though they were never disclosed. However, large families of the top five powers like the Virtual Universe Company, the Huge Axe Dojo, and the Universe Mercenary Alliance were all finding ways to enter Earth! You should have figured this out by now. The right to reside on Earth is in hot demand now.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Previously, immigrants of the Earth’s ocean would be aliens, while those on land would be us earthlings,” Xu Xin said, “Over 10,000 years of development, earthlings are now scattered all over the Ganwu universe, and even in other universes. The numbers are immeasurable.”

Luo Feng smiled and nodded. “In the past, the earthling population has never been able to achieve a breakthrough. That was because there was a limitation of land. With the limitation lifted, there was a large quantity of grains as provisions… If there was a rapid multiplication of earthling population thereafter, it would be understandable.”

“Hmm,” said Xu Xin said. “Just like that, the earthling population has multiplied to such a massive number that it might be incomparable. Putting others aside, just the number of people in our Luo Family is intimidating enough.”

Luo Feng nodded. The population in Luo Family had long exceeded the size of one starfield. No matter how development progressed, to increase the population size by 100 million times in 5,000 years was normal, but for a development that had progressed for more than 100,000 years… the population size would be so massive that it sounded exaggerated. Regardless of how much power the Luo Family had, their massive size would still go under the influence of territorial limitations; therefore many members of the Luo Family had to settle down on other planets or even in other universes.

If the massive Luo Family would face such a situation, what would the overall situation on Earth look like?”

At the Earth Management Association level, making use of the virtual universe would still be impossible to create identification records of every earthling. After all, in the vast universe, if unfortunate events like air crashes happen and earthlings were caught and enslaved by mineral planets, in a place where the population was so immense that it was impossible to keep track, the Earth Management Association would not be able to cover everything—or everyone— comprehensively.

“The population is too big,” Xu Xin said. “Now we have to authenticate all the earthlings’ identities. Firstly, identity registration! More than 99 percent have been documented. Secondly, gene authentication. The earthling branch of the family has a unique kind of gene that is very different from the other races among humanity. On Earth, land domain must be occupied by earthling residents. If it were occupied by the other races, no matter how powerful or wealthy they were, they would not be granted the right of abode.

“Time passed… and the right to reside on Earth is in hot demand now. There are some residents on Earth who yearn for a more luxurious life. Therefore, they sold off their rights of abode and left Earth for another life planet. Maybe this was how some became planet horde leaders. Because the right to reside on the land on Earth can only be traded between earthlings, the price was not as exaggerated as the value that alien immigrants had set. But it was nonetheless extremely high. Wanting to become a planet horde leader, wanting a life with illimitable luxuries, or wanting to become a great being with the ability to purchase great quantities of resources… The bottom line is, the right to reside on land on Earth is continually being traded, as there are some Earth elites with status and power who were continually entering Earth.

“There will be changes from generation to generation. Those who are able to enter Earth are all the cream of the crop. They have roamed the universe and established their business empires, or have become great fighters or great spirit readers. Therefore, more than half of our elites from the trillions of people of our entire Earth branch are gathered here on Earth.”

Xu Xin smiled. “Which was why, on Earth, star traveler levels are frequently seen, even star levels to universe levels can often be seen. There are also quite a few undying beings living here on Earth.”

Luo Feng sighed and nodded. The undying spirit… It was true that with enough cultivation, the chances of becoming a great being would increase. Now, the earthling branch had a total of 11 undying spirits (including Luo Feng, Hong, and Thunder God). Five were staying on Earth! The number of sector lords was even bigger. With such might and power, it was no wonder universe masters of the five major factions of humanity thought so highly of Earth.

“The right of abode on Earth’s land can be freely traded as one pleases?” Luo Feng asked.

“So long as it is a transaction between an earthling and Earth, free trading is the best option” Xu Xin shook her head. “One end is willing to buy, and the other end is willing to sell! Who can stop them? This would help our Earth branch’s holy ground to continue rising up the ranks. After all, this is where over half the elites from the Earth branch are gathered. But earthlings of high status and with strong powers would all want their future generations to get stronger, even if those Earthlings were already used to living on other planets. But for their younger generations, they would purchase the right of abode on Earth and send two to three family members over to stay here on Earth. It can also be said this way. Earth is where more than 50 percent of elites of the earthling branch are gathered; out of the first million Earth elites, 99 percent of them hold the right of abode on Earth.”

Luo Feng nodded. This was good, too… The longer they took, the higher the status of the holy ground, “Earth,” would be. It had only been over 100,000 years of developing since the earthling branch became a universe. There were many aspects of it that were yet to be considered extremely powerful, like the number of great beings, the power of its associations, and many more. As time passed, elites of this branch would gradually emerge into prominence.

According to what the higher-ups of humanity calculated, the earthling branch’s continual development would be comparable to at least ten percent of humanity! How many undying spirits would that be? How many universe knights? Clearly, the potential of the earthling branch had just emerged and had yet to be fully unleashed. This unleashing of potential… would need enough time. “The greatest difficulty now is that the outstanding youths of our earthling branch are unable to receive the best cultivation they could get,” Xu Xin said. “Based on the data we retrieved from the alien immigrants, once a wife gets pregnant, she should enter Earth within the first three months of pregnancy. If the entire process from the gestation period of the fetus to the day the baby is born happens under the influence of Earth’s environment, then there is bound to be a transformation. Therefore, it is crucial to rush to Earth during the first three months of pregnancy. Any later than that, and the effect will be very different.

“Our Earth Management Association manages a large number of Earthling youths, cultivating them with great care, then singling out the cream of the crop for deeper cultivation. We have wealth. But teaching them required a great deal of resources—for instance, a good teacher and a conducive environment for them to train in. Our family alone is insufficient. What we have come up with so far is nothing compared to the cultivation mechanism of the Ganwu universe. This has, to a certain degree, affected the rising of the earthling branch.”

Luo Feng nodded and considered for a while. “I will make arrangements as quickly as I can,” he Luo Feng.

Cultivation was very important. Like Luo Feng, Hong, and Thunder God, if they had not stepped off Earth and advanced into the universe… if Luo Feng had not received Yun Mo Star Master’s treasure and Babata’s guidance, then naturally Golden Horned Beast would be gloriously sacrificed. The three of them would obviously be greatly limited, and the chances of attaining the universe level would also have been very low. Yet the moment they received cultivation… All three each displayed a dazzling light and were completely different right away.

And if the earthling branch wanted to rise up to recognition, cultivating the new and younger generations was obviously crucial. “The mechanism that other universe masters used to cultivate their younger generations is highly matured,” said Luo Feng. I shall take some reference from them and then make use of my own resources to establish my own mechanism. That should do.” Luo Feng nodded to himself. “Humanity has many places for cultivating their kind. The only problem is that even universe knights are not qualified to arrange for a large batch of members to undergo training simultaneously.”

But a universe master could!

For instance, sending their family members to Blood River World, or some other places… Of course, Luo Feng also needed to pay a small price for it, but to him, it was a piece of cake.

After the alien immigrants’ major move out of Earth, Earth started to undergo transformation once again. Making use of marine resources, re-coordinating ocean and land, the natural order was enhanced to nearing perfection.

Also, some restructuring was done to the numerous floating cities that were once occupied by alien immigrants to make them more suited for earthlings to live in. The floating cities were normally a few hundred stories to 1,000 stories high. If residing on land was said to be done using one or two stories of land, then on a floating city of an alien immigrant, it would be considered a highly effective use of space!

Adding up the surface area of the vast oceans, the total would come to a much greater amount compared to that of land. Although the distance between floating cities was vast, when all the floating cities suspended in the skies above the vast oceans like the Pacific Ocean, the Atlantic Ocean, and the Indian Ocean were put together, the amount of space could accommodate a few hundred billion people.

“This will be able to accommodate a few hundred billion of people. We can then allow many young earthling mothers-to-be to quickly enter Earth. We should also try our best to get them to arrive here on Earth within the first three months of pregnancy. Earthlings who were born on Earth… their cultivability is much stronger. On the other hand, for earthlings born on extraterrestrial planets, the chances of producing great beings are worrying because they are much too low.”

Various plans were speedily formulated. Then, one by one, they were implemented.

The first thing Luo Feng did when he returned to Earth was to make use of his power to start boosting the development of the Earth branch! He made a perfect combination out of his resources and the race’s resources, which then sped up the rate of development of the earthling branch tremendously. He believed that soon, it would not be wishful thinking for the earthling branch to want to be stronger than the Yan Shen race branch.

“If the earthling branch can have some universe knights and a large number of undying spirits and go on to see the emergence of a universe master, that would be even greater.”

Luo Feng secretly looked forward to this. However, it would require a long time.


Chapter 1137: Second Form of Shi Wu Wings

There were several beasts on the farms where weeds were growing. Many varieties of broken cars sat abandoned and ruined on the highway. Some of them were tipped over, and the dust on the highway told its history.

A shadow walked on the highway.

“Reserve?”

Luo Feng walked on the shabby highway, recalling the past a long time ago when he first joined the Fire Hammer Squad and adventured in the wilderness. He remembered Chen Gu who used fiery weapons who was very friendly to him. He remembered Zhang Ke, who lost his arm. The Wei brothers, who were skilled with a scimitar… And of course, that captain Gao who was powerful with hammers…

“It’s been more than 100,000 years.”

Luo Feng shook his head and smiled. Those were the brothers who had endured troubles with him before. However, Luo Feng had been adventuring through the universe, and he didn’t even have time to see his family members. As for those old friends, he had only seen them a few times. Luo’s family had been secretly helping those old friends without affecting their lives. Time was cruel, however, and more than half of Luo Feng’s friends had died.

Although Luo Feng’s family had infinite wealth, it still had control over resources. The family would help their old friends, but they wouldn’t improve their friends’ power to at universe level or domain-lord level.

There were still many reserves on Earth, which were remains from the era of Headquarter City. Some of the beasts were protected as endangered animals. Those animals were allowed to live in the reserves, on the cracked highways, in rolled-over cars. Ruined buildings in the reserves were renovated. New material was applied —material that could last for a long time.

The surface was deliberately made to look ancient; after all, the concrete used before was not likely to be maintained. Tourists had to view them from spaceships in the sky. The areas could not be trespassed, and the beasts inside were off-limits.

As for Luo Feng, he went in via teleportation. He had the highest access authority to the entire defense system of Earth, so he could get in without any problem.

Sou!

Luo Feng jumped up to the balcony on the sixth floor. He looked down. He could hear faint, beastly roars as he looked at the moon.

“Just like before,” whispered Luo Feng. He frowned. “Huh?”

Shua!

He disappeared from the balcony.

In a sky around 800 light years away from Earth was a group of towering, resplendent palaces. Powerful guards walked within the palaces. Sector-lord guards and even undying servants were walking through corridors that were tens of millions of miles long. These were Luo Feng’s godly palaces.

Inside the tallest main palace, fires burned around 12 gigantic pillars. Suddenly, a giant being showed up on the throne. It was Luo Feng’s 6,000-mile-tall body. He looked down at the three beings.

Three beings bowed at the same time. “Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“Ganwu, Kuang Zhou, North Larva.” Luo Feng smiled and looked down. “You’ve done a great job.”

All of them had dealt with the issues he had asked them to do, and they had finished today. Of course, he needed to meet with the three of them. There was much more he needed these three universe knights to help him with.

“It’s our honor to serve Horde Leader,” said Kuang Zhou as he raised his head, followed by Ganwu Country Master and North Larva Knight.

Luo Feng smiled and nodded. “From now on, you’ll be in charge of everything here. You can connect to the virtual universe if you need me, or you can crush your keepsake.”

“Yes.” Three universe knights bowed.

Luo Feng nodded and said, “You may go now.”

The three universe knights bowed and left the palace.

Luo Feng was 6,000 miles tall. He put his hands on the armrests and raised his head to look at the towering godly palace six million miles tall. Even for Luo Feng, the godly palace felt like an endless sky.

“The godly palaces are all so large,” whispered Luo Feng. “Okay. I’ve been studying the second level of Star Tower. However, I still haven’t fully completed the second level of Shi Wu Wings, which is inferior to Star Tower. I’ll spend my time on Earth studying the Shi Wu Wings.” Luo Feng disappeared.

He could arrive at Earth within one teleportation, as Earth was less than 1,000 light years away from his godly palaces. As for the three universe knights, undying guards, and sector-lord guards and servants… They had been arranged by the virtual universe company! Generally, a universe master would select some universe knights as their disciples. There were only a few universe masters within the human race, most of whom were reluctant to take disciples, so most universe knights could be disciples of universe masters.

Primal Chaos City Leader wanted Luo Feng to take disciples. Luo Feng, however, not only needed to train himself but also hadn’t reached the universe-master level at law comprehension. That was why he hadn’t taken any disciples. Instead, he had chosen three universe knights to deal with his issues.

Those universe knights who worked for Luo Feng directly had Luo Feng as a connection now! Those with connections were on a totally different level than those who didn’t have them.

Luo Feng firstly chose Ganwu Country Master and Kuang Zhou Knight, who were close to him. Then Ganwu Country Master had recommended North Larva Knight, who was his friend. Thus, these three universe knights were under Luo Feng, now. Ganwu Country Master would never find himself in an embarrassing situation with Luo Feng as his connection.

“Ganwu, I can go to Horde Leader only because of you…” said North Larva Knight. “I can’t even repay you…”

“North Larva, we’re best friends,” said Ganwu Country Master, “and you’ve helped me lots of times. This is nothing.”

Ganwu Country Master, Kuang Zhou Knight, and North Larva Knight had turned the tables around now. Having connections set them apart. They were bestowed with one ordinary true treasure each when Luo Feng admitted them! It was enough to make other universe knights jealous.

Luo Feng made a portal connecting his god country with Earth. He was able to quickly go back to his god country from Earth and to arrive back at Earth from his god country. With that path, even space shock.

Twelve years passed.

“Haha! Shi Wu Wing is more complicated than I thought,” said Luo Feng. “I’ve spent twelve years, and I’ve finally fully comprehended the second form.”

Shua!

Luo Feng teleported from his palace to a silent sky hundreds of light years away. He didn’t dare try the second form of the Shi Wu Wings while on Earth. With his power, a slight trace of his Shi Wu Wings could dismantle Earth.

Luo Feng stood in space, his eyes gleaming. “Let me see the power of the second form of Shi Wu Wings.”

The four-winged Shi Wu Wings were a top-tier true treasure. The first form of the four-winged Shi Wu Wings was more powerful than the second form of the two-winged Shi Wu Wings. And the second form of the fourth wing should be more powerful than the third form of the two-winged version.

The first form was called “space and time in disorder.” But what about the second form?

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Endless burning power flooded Shi Wu Wings along the engraving sculptures, and the power triggered all the sculptures. Instantly, the second level of sculptures on Shi Wu Wings were completely utilized, and the silver wing immediately started to change. The wing became sharper, and golden threads appeared on it. An elegant but powerful force permeated from it. It made Shi Wu Wing stronger than ordinary top-tier true treasures.

Hong!

The sky was enveloped in golden light.

Luo Feng stood in the sky in silence. No matter how powerful the second form of Shi Wu Wings was, Luo Feng wouldn’t be overly surprised. Rather, the function of Shi Wu Wings was what thrilled him.

“This, this…” Luo Feng looked around. “There is a star-level strange beast on a planet 1.2 light years away.” He looked in another direction. “And there is a construction team 2.9 light years away from me, reconstructing that planet. There’s a spaceship 3.8 light years away from me. There’s sector-lord team on patrol 19.6 light years away from me.”

The 80-square-light-year area was entirely enveloped by the blurry golden light! This area was completely under Luo Feng’s control, and he knew everything that was happening within the area.

“How…? How come?” The more Luo Feng sensed everything around him, the more thrilled he got. “Even universe masters aren’t able to control such a giant area! Suppression!”

Luo Feng triggered the wing, and the constraining power on the space surged. All the spaceships in this area immediately slowed down. Some stars started to tremble. If Luo Feng didn’t control his power intentionally, those stars would’ve been annihilated.

“Suppression!” Luo Feng pointed to a star in the distance.

Hong!

The star, its three planets, and all the many asteroids held within its gravity were all annihilated under power that could kill a universe knight. A whole solar system vanished from existence just like that.

“So powerful.” Luo Feng put all the suppression on himself. He could feel the incredible constraining power. “It’s stronger than that of universe masters.”

Luo Feng felt constraint akin to a universe master’s control over space and time! He could tell clearly that his control over the area of 80 square light years was more powerful than that of universe masters, but, of course, it was still inferior to that of universe supreme masters!

“It’s more powerful than that of universe masters! My Shi Wu Wings…” Luo Feng was overjoyed. “The first form can throw time and space into disorder, and the second form can fully control space and time! The control is stronger than that of universe masters, and so is the range.”

Luo Feng narrowed the golden light. “I can control the size. Impressive.” He smiled. “From now on, I’ll have the ability to control space and time. Who will doubt that I’m a universe master? Haha…”

It was within his expectations to discover that the second form had such a function, but it was an exhilarating surprise.

“I’ll name the second form of Shi Wu Wings…” whispered Luo Feng, who was covered with golden light, “Golden Country!”


Chapter 1138: The Golden Toad

Form one of Shi Wu Wings: Chaotic Time Space.

Form two of Shi Wu Wings: Golden Kingdom, considered an auxiliary power but very much to Luo Feng’s liking. After all, the greatest difference between a universe master and him would be the ability to control time and space. For instance, hunting and fighting used to be disadvantageous for him, but that weak spot had now been remedied.

“A radius of 80 light years,” Luo Feng said. “Even a top-tier domain type true treasure like Thousand Treasure River was not as ridiculously immense. If the second form was already so strong, I cannot imagine the third form…”

Luo Feng started to examine the entire Shi Wu Wings with his godly power, covering every inch of the wings. There were some sculptures with secret engravings that appeared in his mind 1,000 times clearer than what the naked eye could see. Luo Feng took one look and immediately felt some disappointment. He understood that for the moment, this was the maximum power of Shi Wu Wings, or at least, the third form of secret engravings of this deformed Shi Wu Wings was originally imperfect.

“Clearly, Shi Wu Wings still lack certain components. At least, that was the case for the sculptures of secret engravings, where a part of the engravings is missing. No matter how powerful I am, it is impossible for me to activate the third form. To activate the third form, I must fulfill two requirements. Firstly, law comprehension acquired by oneself to attain a higher level of accomplishment in the studies of secret engravings; secondly, finding the missing component of Shi Wu Wings to bring it nearer to perfection.”

After just one fusion, Shi Wu Wings had reached the level of a top-tier true treasure. If another fusion were to…

“Shi Wu Wings are indeed extraordinary, but I have no idea where I can find that missing component,” Luo Feng lamented.

He knew it would not be easy. Shi Wu Wings had belonged to Primal Chaos City Leader for a long time, yet even Primal Chaos City Leader was not able to discover any other components. However, he had not made use of Shi Wu Wings personally, so he would not have known.

Luo Feng did use them, though. In addition, as countless great beings of the universe were gathered in the original star, Luo Feng managed to sense Tian Yang Knight by chance encounter, which was how he learned about the other component of Shi Wu Wings— Flowing Light Wings.

Yet, through these years, as Luo Feng went into the original stars time and time again, he did not sense anything else that was new to him. Wanting to find the next component, the level of difficulty was palpable.

“Yet this feels strange, too. The birth of Shi Wu Wings did not take place on an original star. If it did, then the original star would clearly indicate the level of this treasure. The treasure would have been divided into several components, and its birth would have taken place according to the divided pieces. What everyone has obtained would only be components, but all would understand how precious each component was. Tian Yang Knight and Teacher each received one wing, yet they did not see the greatness of this true treasure component. When Teacher first gave me his share, he said with surety that throughout the universe, he was the only one who had laid eyes on Shi Wu Wings. No second being had ever seen Shi Wu Wings before.”

“Hmm,” Luo Feng said to himself. “I have to ask Teacher about it again. I need to find out where exactly he found Shi Wu Wings.”

Luo Feng decided that he had to find the other components of Shi Wu Wings. If the power of the second form was this powerful, what would the power of the third form be like…? Luo Feng was really looking forward to finding his answer.

“Time to head back.”

Shua!

Luo Feng disappeared into the sky, which was still as quiet as ever. The only problem was, at a distance away, a galaxy was missing.

The years of a great being were always so long that they felt like an eternity. The majority of the time passed by peacefully. This peace, however,… was spent preparing for future fights, which always seemed crazier than the preceding ones! The fights could be for their race, for power, or for oneself!

“I can’t believe that the Disambiguation Temple is still not open by now.”

Luo Feng had been looking forward to the opening of the Disambiguation Temple. After all, it was a pinnacle domain type true treasure… Only Star Tower could surpass it. The other treasures were lacking in comparison; Force Armor and combat blade Absolute Guest were all weaker by a notch.

It was a once in a lifetime opportunity to obtain such a true treasure. Naturally, it evoked an overwhelming sense of competitiveness in Luo Feng.

At that time, Luo Feng was also cultivating the beast god path, which required him to study diagrams of secret engravings. So temporarily, he would be giving up on studying Star Tower, as the third level of secret engravings of were shockingly complicated. This was clearly of a far higher level than all that he had studied previously. Only those who were more accomplished in the law comprehension and diagrams of secret engravings would be able to comprehend it.

It was 165 years since Luo Feng first became Milky Way Horde Leader. Within the Ancestral God secret region, in an area on Redbud Island that was being enshrouded by the Five-Color Aurora Lake, Luo Feng stood by the railings of a pavilion and looked off into the distance, where he could see the public square in front of the palace of the island master.

In the blink of an eye—shua! He arrived at the fountain resembling a curtain and strode through it to enter the land of inheritance.

A moment later, he stepped out from behind the fountain.

I already know how to use the ultimate technique of a universe master, and I have the heart of Beast God, he thought. Cultivating the Beast God Path can be done at godlike speed! Also, I was fortunate that there is the land of inheritance, where I could always inherit, allowing my efficiency to be maximized.

Luo Feng was clear on the fact that every time he entered the land of inheritance, a large amount of energy would be consumed. That was why the land of inheritance had very stringent control over the number of times one could enter.

Usually, only those who newly joined were entitled to one free inheritance. Other times, everyone had to exchange for the chance to enter and inherit from the land of inheritance. Most of the other heirs could only make an exchange once in a blue moon. However, there was a year when Luo Feng had gone crazy engaging himself in various battles, to the extent of fighting 620,000 battles… This had earned him many glory points, which could be used to exchange for many chances of entry. Usually, one would need to have acquired a new comprehension before another round of inheritance, so the sessions of energy-consuming inheritances were limited to a certain number.

“Luo Feng!” a capacious voice rang by Luo Feng’s ears and resonated in his mind.

“Huh?” Standing by the waterfall, Luo Feng turned to look high up into the sky.

Hua!

A light emerged from the depths of Five-Color Aurora Lake that enveloped all that was beneath it. It moved to completely enshroud Luo Feng. One end of this light pillar kept Luo Feng enveloped. Looking carefully at the other end, Luo Feng saw that it was extended deep within the Five-Color Aurora Lake, all the way to the Ancestral God Palace.

“Ancestral God Palace?” Luo Feng looked up and saw the colorful lights separating on their own to create a path for the light pillar to pass.

“Ancestral God,” Luo Feng greeted.

He recognized this voice. It was the voice of Double-Face Ancestral God.

“Come to me,” the voice said.

Instantly, an intangible power enveloped Luo Feng.

Sou!

The force brought Luo Feng up off Redbed Island and sent him on his way along the path of the light. Luo Feng went flying into the depths of Five-Color Aurora Lake in the direction of the Ancestral God Palace.

At this point, Luo Feng’s speed far exceeded the speed of light. Being able to reach such a speed in the primal universe was on thing… Obviously, only a universe supreme being was capable of such manipulation. Luo Feng did not fight this force. Given his power, he could have easily broken free from such restraint.

Flying ahead, he could see the 3,000 stars, which represented 3,000 god worlds. He could also see the 72 general continents, where every continent was vast and imposing. Then he flew past Beast God Palace and the Eight Natural Beasts’ God Palace. Surrounding this were 16 other palaces.

“Arrived.”

Luo Feng landed on the massive, towering public square of the palace. Looking at this Ancestral God Palace from Redbud Island, the place had seemed immense and towering. Being on it, Luo Feng gained a true appreciation for how intimidating its size was. The entire palace exuded an endless, immensely strong power. This was an eye-opener even for someone like Luo Feng, who had laid eyes on various true treasures.

“This Ancestral God Palace must be a pinnacle flying-palace true treasure.” Luo Feng speculated. “No other like the Ancestral God School! Even if humankind’s ‘Teacher Origin’ had yet to be suppressed, he would barely be comparable to this Ancestral God School.”

“Luo Feng, come in.”

The voice was heard from within the large palace hall. Outside the hall, there were eight guards clad in gold armor. They were all universe knights, and from the power exuded by the treasures they carried on them, their armor and weapons were true treasures. At this moment, all eight knights were looking directly at Luo Feng.

“Yes,” Luo Feng answered.

He took a step forward and was instantly at the doorstep of the palace, where he made his way into the spacious hall.

In the towering hall were many tall heavenly pillars that seemed never-ending; on every heavenly pillar was a totem engraving where the appearance of every race was engraved. There were sculptures with engravings of humans, bug soldiers, the automaton race… and there were also engravings of many other different races.

Double-Face Ancestral God sat on his throne, the furthest one away. He looked toward Luo Feng and, with a smile, he asked, “According to the information that your fellow humans have openly disseminated, you have fixed your chosen name as… Milky Way Horde Leader?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng, you have been with the Ancestral God School for some time and also joined our sub-organization,” Ancestral God said. “You may be Milky Way Horde Leader now, but the noble universe origin has told me that… you have yet to become a universe master. You are able to make use of the ultimate technique of a universe master because you had an ability of another school of study, which had appeared in the primal universe for the first time.”

Luo Feng was secretly taken aback. The Ancestral God School openly made it known that they were the guardians of the universe origin!

Even Primal Chaos City Leader and company said that the universe origin was also reciprocating and guarding over the Ancestral God School… Previously, he had always managed to receive inheritances one after the other. Plus, he had created a technique with the help of another school of study. It seemed the rumors of the relationship between the Ancestral God School and Universe Origin were not unfounded. Both sides knew everything about one another.

“The day you truly become a universe master will be the day you become our ‘Guarding Godly Master,’” Ancestral God said, looking at Luo Feng. Then he continued, “Don’t overanalyze. Every Guarding Godly Master of the Ancestral God School is a universe master with extremely strong power. Ordinary universe masters will not be able to take up such a role. Every Guarding Godly Master will have a few universe masters under his command.”

Luo Feng nodded. He already knew. Sky Beacon Godly Master, Nine Remoteness Godly Master… They were legendary existences in the universe. His current capability was certainly not enough for him to become a Guarding Godly Master and to stand at equal rank as the rest.

“You joined the sub-organization of our Ancestral God School such a long time ago but have yet to receive a single mission.” Ancestral God looked at Luo Feng. “Now, I am entrusting you with one. It does not implicate humanity, and the venue is very far away from the human domain. Are you willing to take up the mission?”

“If it does not implicate humanity and my good friends, I would be happy to oblige,” Luo Feng said.

He had accepted numerous inheritances and received much kindness from Ancestral God. Earlier on, Ancestral God had even stepped forward personally to protect him from Virtual-Real Demon Master. It was only right to reciprocate with his services.

Hua!

A golden ray flashed and stopped right before Luo Feng. It resembled a statue of a golden toad, and the eyes of the toad were dark gray.

“Take this with you and head over to this domain. Any life form that causes its eyes to turn red must be annihilated.” Ancestral God looked down at Luo Feng. “And you will also need to investigate what actually happened. The universe origin has communicated with me over there… Something is happening that bodes ill for our primal universe.”

Luo Feng took hold of the golden toad and looked at its pair of eyes. They would turn red?

“Ancestral God, when its eyes turn red, does it represent how far away the life form is that is causing the eyes to turn red?” Luo Feng asked. “How big is its area of surveillance?”

“About 60 million miles,” Ancestral God said. “Where your life imprint is. Control it, and you can clearly sense whether the reaction you have detected is caused by an actual life form or a foreign object. If it’s an actual life form, no matter who it is… you must annihilate it. If you are unwilling to kill with your own hands, transmit your findings to me, and I shall deploy some other members. This is a new transmission token. The previous one that Nine Remoteness gave you carried a lower authority. You will not be able to connect with me directly using that. With this one, you can.”

A golden token drifted over to Luo Feng. He caught hold of it right away. Why did this golden token look so much like the transmission token that his teacher, Sitting Mountain Guest, had made?

“Go,” Ancestral God ordered. “For the sake of the noble universe origin, every life form that makes it see red has to be annihilated. Not even one can be spared.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng bowed.


Chapter 1139: Yuan Ao Master

“According to the area the Ancestral God gave me, it should be in the Yuan Ao Secret Region.”

On an arid mineral planet, a silver being broke the hard rocks. The rocks flew around, and the being already stood in space. Luo Feng looked to the sky in the distance, standing in space.

“This is the closest place to the Yuan Ao Secret Region that my slaves are able to transport to.”

Luo Feng nodded, then changed his godly body. The original earthling body went back to the world ring while Blood Cloud Palace Leader showed up. Blood Cloud Palace Leader shook his tail, and Blood Cloud Palace showed up.

“Go!”

He entered Blood Cloud Palace Leader and sped up. He immediately entered the dark universe and started to travel quickly through the dark universe toward Yuan Ao Secret Region.

After all, he was only working for the Ancestral God School, and it was not urgent. Luo Feng wouldn’t teleport, as it would be tiring to teleport continuously for more than a day; on the other hand, traveling with Blood Cloud Palace was much slower than teleportation but was still comparatively fast in the dark universe.

Inside the primal secret region of the human territory, two beings stood near the palace of Primal Chaos City Leader. One was Primal Chaos City Leader, and the other was Huge Axe Founder.

“Chaos!” said Huge Axe Founder. “I decided to go to Universe Ocean. I might be away from the original universe for a long time. From now on, you’ll be in charge of the issues in the human race.”

“Universe Ocean?” Primal Chaos City Leader frowned. “For a long time?”

For beings like Huge Axe Founder, it would take thousands or even tens of thousands of years for training one time. This was why when Huge Axe Founder said “a long time,” it might actually mean a long time. It might even be counted using eras. However, Primal Chaos City Leader was baffled because he didn’t think it should take Huge Axe Founder that long to venture to Universe Ocean.

Primal Chaos City Leader looked to Huge Axe Founder in shock. “Is that so?”

“That’s right. I decided to venture to Tilted Peak Sector!” Huge Axe Founder said, revealing his true intention.

“Huge Axe!” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Tilted Peak Sector?”

“I got a Tilted Peak Sector Remnant Diagram,” said Huge Axe Founder. “With that remnant diagram, I can inspect some of the areas on that diagram, and if I get lucky, I might obtain a supreme true treasure! Even if I’m not lucky enough, I might also get a pinnacle domain type true treasure.”

“Remnant Diagram?” said Primal Chaos City Leader joyfully. “A Remnant Diagram of Tilted Peak Sector?”

“Yes.” Huge Axe Founder nodded with a smile.

Even Primal Chaos City Leader was excited by the news. Universe Ocean was a place broader and more dangerous than the original universe. It was boundless! No great beings knew the end of Universe Ocean.

Universe supreme masters were low-key in the original universe. In Universe Ocean, however, they were all fierce and cunning, fighting and seizing at every chance. Universe Ocean was where the most true treasures were born! Almost all the supreme true treasures came from mysterious places in Universe Ocean like Tilted Peak Sector. It was the most dangerous Land of Extremis in Universe Ocean, but there were all sorts of pinnacle true treasures and even supreme true treasures hidden in Tilted Peak Sector! Of course, it was extremely dangerous as well.

Just the possibility of getting lost was enough to terrify universe supreme masters. There were no directions in it, and it was very easy to get lost. Even universe supreme masters who were able to defend themselves against all kinds of dangers might never be able to get out of Tilted Peak Sector.

Even universe supreme masters wouldn’t dare adventure there without a map, but no complete map of Tilted Peak Sector existed. Fortunately, there were maps of some areas made by all the great beings who adventured in it, and they combined the maps of those areas into a remnant diagram. Remnant diagrams were highly valued by all the powers in the universe. The rarer a remnant diagram was, the fewer adventurers would be present in the areas depicted, which meant a higher chance of finding true treasures. One remnant diagram was priceless enough to be fought for by universe supreme masters.

“This is a remnant diagram of Tilted Peak Sector,” said Huge Axe Founder solemnly. “Based on what I know, there are few adventurers there. I got this remnant diagram by luck, and I have to get there as soon as possible.”

“Huge Axe, my original body will go with you,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

“No!” Huge Axe Founder shook his head. “The deeper it is in Tilted Peak Sector, the more dangerous it will be. The ‘Ecstasy Sound’ alone is able to make a universe master fall into an eternal sleep.”

Primal Chaos City Leader was shocked. That was right. The power hidden in Tilted Peak Sector was more terrifying than that of universe supreme masters! Even if he had the clone technique, his other bodies would be affected if one of his bodies’ souls was contaminated, at which point he would fall into an eternal sleep, which was not much different from demise.

“I know all the most dangerous areas in Tilted Peak Sector,” said Huge Axe Founder. “My life won’t be in danger unless I go to those areas! However, I’ll strictly follow that remnant picture, and if it’s incorrect, I’ll go back immediately.”

“Okay, be careful,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Haha… It’s already very fortunate for me to get this remnant diagram, and this diagram covers a large area,” said Huge Axe Founder. “It might be made by the powers before the Grant Incarnation. I can search further using the remnant diagram, and if I’m lucky enough, I can get a supreme true treasure by spending enough time. You’ll be in charge of everything now.”

Hua!

Huge Axe Founder disappeared.

Primal Chaos City Leader stood in the sky for a long time, then nodded. “If Huge Axe Founder can get a supreme true treasure, we humans will be more powerful.” He teleported himself back to his palace.

Luo Feng moved swiftly through the dark universe via Blood Cloud Palace and arrived at a secret region in a corner of the original universe in eight days. It was Yuan Ao Secret Region.

“Yuan Ao Secret Region.”

Luo Feng stood in the space of Yuan Ao Secret Region. He waved his hand, and the golden toad appeared. Its eyes were still grey.

“This must be Yuan Ao Secret Region, based on the information from Ancestral God. There are 12 vast lands in Yuan Ao Secret Region! The smallest has a diameter of one light year, and the largest has a diameter of almost eight light years. There are many life forms of other races living on it.” Luo Feng nodded. “The entire secret region belongs to ‘Yuan Ao Master.’”

There was a significant number of life forms living in those vast lands, and it was normal that many sector lords were born in those lands. However, only a limited number of special life forms existed in one territory, and the fewer life forms there were, the more nurturing they could receive. Although there were plenty of individuals here, the number of great beings was significantly smaller than those in other territories.

There are so many lives, and it’s easy for undying fighters to be born, yet it’s difficult for universe knights to be born, thought Luo Feng. And there are no other universe masters in Yuan Ao Secret Region other than Yuan Ao Master. Besides, Yuan Ao Master is a special life form.

Yuan Ao Master was a special life form with an enormous amount of power, and he roamed the universe all alone.

He must have felt lonely, which may have been why he seized life forms in the universe from the weaker races. He seized hundreds of millions of individuals from different races. The most powerful one of those might only be a universe knight who didn’t dare to go against a universe master! Besides, Yuan Ao Master only seized hundreds of millions of lives from trillions of life forms within a race.

There were so many races in the universe, and other than pinnacle races and powerful races, there were plenty of ordinary races and weak races. Yaun Ao Master had seized life forms from 100 different races and put them in 12 vast lands for them to breed.

There were more and more lives born in those lands, and Yuan Ao Master kept enlarging the lands. Now, there were zillions of individuals on those lands. There were undying fighters born in those lands, and the ordinary life forms believed in those undying fighters and followed them.

Of course, there was a supreme god on those 12 lands. It was Yuan Ao Supreme God, worshipped by all in the 12 lands.

“Yuan Ao Master seized all those life forms, and he manipulated undying wars using the undying fighters under him,” whispered Luo Feng. “Ordinary life forms fight each other in those undying wars where many great beings were born. Thousands of undying fighters manipulated the undying wars, and the wars are like proving grounds. Dozens of universe knights were born in the conflicts, followed by thousands of undying fighters.”

Luo Feng smiled. Of course, those universe knights were useless, as he had killed more than 6,000 universe knights with one move. The real value of those universe knights was their potential to become universe masters—even one of them.

“Based on what Ancestral God said, something hazardous to the universe origin is happening here.” Luo Feng nodded. “I’ll go to those lands and inspect them. After all, all the lives in the secret region are in those lands.”

Sou!

Luo Feng teleported himself 1,000 light years away, and instantly, he had already traveled a million light years.

Suddenly, a boundless land appeared before him. It was one of the 12 lands that belonged to Yuan Ao Master.

“This must be Jue An Land.”


Chapter 1140: The Dark Continent

There was a seven-color light membrane that was as thin as a piece of film high up in the sky covering the vast continent. It had an extremely strong resistance, but Luo Feng could easily pass through it.

“This resistance, I think only a sector lord will be able to penetrate.”

Luo Feng nodded slightly, then headed downward to the ground. Just being high up in the sky, Luo Feng could feel an extremely strong “suction force” from beneath. It was so strong that Luo Feng was taken aback.

“Such a strong force,” he said. “I think only those of universe level would be able to keep flying under such force.”

He only flashed about in midair for a short moment before he landed on the vast grounds. The moment his feet touched the ground as he landed, the strong suction force weakened to be almost negligible, all within an instant.

Luo Feng commented lightly, “Yuan Ao Master really put in a lot of thought and effort when he created these twelve continents. One great continent and one seven-color light membrane. There must be a repulsive force between the two so as not to feel such a strong repulsive force upon landing.”

Luo Feng could not help but marvel at the capability of Yuan Ao Master, who came to existence during the earliest period after the birth of the universe. At the very least, his efforts were evident in the creation of these twelve continents.

Luo Feng scanned his surroundings. This was a deserted plain in pitch-black darkness. At first glance, there were countless skeletons left lying on the grounds, and many were already decomposing. There were some that were still sturdy and whole; obviously, the death was not too long ago.

“This battlefield occupies a space around 6,000 miles wide,” Luo Feng said to himself. “Among the corpses lying around, there are some who were highly skilled, while the others were mediocre. The best around here is merely a sector lord.”

With his godly power, he investigated the entire battlefield and discovered the corpses of three sector lords. One was buried deep underground while the other two were hidden deep within the mountains.

On either side of the battlefield, there was an incomparably majestic ancient city. On the wall surrounding both cities, for a distance of at least 6,000 miles, there were large numbers of warriors on patrol. These warriors looked like they all came from different races, and the cities’ walls reeked of blood, as though they were telling the cruelest stories found in the history of war.

“Battlefield? Impregnable passes on both sides?”

Luo Feng underwent a rapid transformation where his wings became a dark green color, and his hairstyle became a cropped short and fiery red. His skin also turned dark green. This look resembled the soldiers of one of the races he managed to detect when he investigated the place with his godly power.

“I cannot identify this race at all.” He conducted his investigation with his consciousness, rapidly scanning through the virtual universe, but what he found gave him a good shock. “Ka Vulture clan? This weak little race disappeared from the universe a long time ago. Only some remnants of it are left in the Yuan Ao region.” Luo Feng sighed. “Previously, when Yuan Ao Master rampantly plundered about, who would have expected him to leave behind a trace of this Ka Vulture clan?”

Shua!

With one step, Luo Feng crossed the majestic frontier of the city, which was more than 6,000 miles away from where he was. Luo Feng appeared in the sky above the incomparably luxurious and vast city where thousands of people were bustling with excitement. Luo Feng was positioned high up in the sky, so naturally, those ordinary life forms would not be able to see him.

Luo Feng checked the golden toad that he held in his left palm. Both eyes were still gray.

“Still gray. Every continent is immeasurably massive. This toad with its gray eyes will only be able to detect if I am within a distance of 60 million miles away from my target. How long will that take?”

Luo Feng took another step forward. He would continue investigating until he reached the 60-million-mile range.

Luo Feng embarked on a long period of investigative works. Out of these twelve continents, the one of the smallest diameter would be around one light year, and the biggest could be as big as eight light years!

Every time Luo Feng teleported, he made sure to maintain 60 million miles, so if he were to teleport 10,000 times a day… it would take ten days for him to pass through a continent with a diameter of one light year. And the width itself was already one light year…

“If I had to look into twelve such continents, I’m afraid I would need several tens of thousands of years. Fortunately, the investigative works would only require some efforts on my part.”

Therefore, Luo Feng only took out a trace of his consciousness to begin on this long journey of investigative works. The bulk of his consciousness was completely devoted to studying the beast god path and pictures of secret engravings.

In the twinkling of an eye, Luo Feng had spent half a year on this continent.

“Nothing. There is nothing here, either. Here… Huh? It’s red now!”

After teleporting repeatedly, Luo Feng suddenly stopped. The eyes of the golden toad in his hand turned fiery red. After half a year of probing around, this was the first time the eyes of the golden toad had turned red. Naturally, Luo Feng was so overwhelmed with emotions that his other bodies temporarily stopped cultivating too.

“In that direction.”

Luo Feng looked up into the distance. With one teleportation, he reached around one million miles away from his target. Thereafter, Luo Feng started flying…

“One million miles. I can make it there in a split moment. I have to see for myself what the situation is around the target. What could be so highly regarded by Ancestral God of the Ancestral God School— the universe’s top power—who even mentioned that something terrible might happen to the primal universe?”

Luo Feng did not dare to be the least bit careless and maintained due vigilance. After all, Ancestral God mentioned that something “bodes ill for the primal universe,” so it would be no simple affair, after all.

Flying high in the air, Luo Feng’s godly power investigated within 6,000 miles of his surroundings as he did not dare to probe too far away, lest he alerted his target unnecessarily and gave it the chance for escape.

This was Luo Feng’s first time investigating a vast continent so meticulously. This task showed him scenes depicting snippets of life on this continent where various events of love and hatred unfolded before him. Luo Feng got to see the uniqueness of the civilization on this “Dark Continent” with his own eyes, and that made him happy.

“Interesting fellow, unlucky fellow.”

Luo Feng’s power suddenly locked down on a certain spot of this continent.

“Mighty Flame family, just you wait! I, Bu Ah, will become the great Holy One, and then I will raze the entire Mighty Flame fortress to the ground!”

A burly rider was seen on the back of his gigantic demon beast with tusks. He was tall, bulky, and his entire body was covered with sturdy armor. By the sides of his demon beast were two large, blood-red axes. On his face, there was a scar slashed across half of his face, adding on to his ferocity.

“How dare you insult me like that! I served him well, fought for him with my life, and yet he dared insult me so. Even my maid was snatched away from me and given to someone else. I will take my revenge, I definitely will! I will be back, and I will come back as the great Holy One and stamp on the entire Mighty Flame fortress until it becomes nothing but a flat piece of land.”

The demon beast rider cursed and swore. Then his demon beast took off in a sprint.

Hong! Long! Long!

Rumbling of hooves were heard from behind.

The demon beast rider looked behind, and for the moment, his eyes widened as he went pale. Behind him, an army of at least 100 demon beast riders were charging toward him with murderous intentions.

Gagagaga!

A piercing sound was heard from the sky, causing this demon beast rider, “Bu Ah,” to look up. In midair, there was a gigantic beast that was fiery red all over, and its scaled armor and wings were surrounded by a ring of flames.

“Fire pterosaur! There are only nine fire pterosaurs in Mighty Flame fortress, and just to kill me, a fifth-grade rider, they have mobilized a fire pterosaur and 100 demon beast riders.”

Bu Ah’s eyes revealed a look of insanity as he grabbed a rider’s rifle that was a good 36 feet long from the back of his demon beast in one swift move. With both hands, he held the rifle and took aim at the fire pterosaur fast approaching him from high up in the air. Beads of perspiration rolled down Bu Ah’s face as his entire body trembled. He gritted his teeth and stared. It was not fear he felt; it was because the fire pterosaur charging down from the sky was overwhelmingly oppressive.

To be a worthy opponent of a fire pterosaur, one needed to be a “ninth-grade rider,” which was just second to the level of a Holy One. He was merely a fifth-grade rider… Combining the efforts of 1,000 riders of his level would still be unable to defeat one fire pterosaur!

Hong!

The demon beast he was riding went soft in the knees and fell. Bu Ah fell off its back in midair and crashed to the ground rapidly. Although his body was in a somersault as he fell, his hands were still holding onto the rifle and aiming at midair.

“Mighty Flame family! Mighty Flame family! You wretched beings!” Bu Ah roared. “Even if I, the great Bu Ah, were to perish now, I would come back as a demon rider to haunt you all.”

“Hahaha…”

“Demon rider?”

“In your dreams.”

The fire pterosaur was hovering in midair while the other demon beast riders caught up at top speed. Soon, Bu Ah was heavily surrounded.

This troop of demon beast riders… Luo Feng judged from where he was, high up in the sky and seemed to consist of three different races; in terms of power, that flying beast should probably be of a “star level seventh-to-eighth grade standard.” Although flying was usually only possible for beings of universe level, this beast had wings and the innate ability it could rely on, so flying was already almost possible.

As for those riders, they should mostly be of the star traveler level standard, the highest of the lot would, at most, be at a star traveler level ninth grade standard.

A rider wearing the most elegant armor, who was riding a snow-white, single-horned beast, said, “Bu Ah, I am not going to be a bully. My underlings are not fighting you, only me… I will fight you.”

“Come, come, Uncle Bu Ah shall spank your bottom!”

Bu Ah, holding on to his gigantic rifle, grinned. He was like a crazy demon as he stared at the handsome rider. He was aware that before the Mighty Flame family, he was a puny nobody, even though he knew that putting up a resistance would cost him his life, he was not going to take it lying down.

Suddenly… everything between heaven and earth fell into silence. It was as though time stopped. Even the wild grass by the roadside that was bending in the direction of the winds froze in their respective positions. The riders and the beast hovering in mid-air stopped moving too.

“What, what is happening?” Bu Ah was terrified as he held onto his rifle.

A lone figure approached him slowly, a smile on his face as he looked at Bu Ah.

“You shall do,” said the man with his dark green wings. He looked at Bu Ah, and an invisible force held Bu Ah captive.

Shua!

Around 600 miles away, in the middle of a deserted plain, Bu Ah was released and fell onto the ground. He immediately stood up, while continuing to blabber, “I must have encountered a ghost. Could Uncle Bu Ah have met with the demon ghost? Hmm… where is the fire pterosaur? Where, where is this? Ah…”

The big, burly man looked at the figure standing in front of him with great terror. The figure wore a black robe that looked harmlessly simple. With his dark green wings and skin and his fiery red, cropped hair, his entire being seemed to exude a faint, mysterious aura.

“Sir.” Bu Ah bowed immediately.

Luo Feng looked at Bu Ah. “After arriving at your world, I needed to find a life form to ask about certain things. You are the chosen one. I know you are fearful of that Mighty Flame family. Fret not. The troop that was after you will think you have escaped far away. Oh? You are guessing who I am? A Holy One? A legendary being? A demigod?”

Bu Ah’s fear intensified. This being before him knew all the thoughts that were going through his mind.

Luo Feng laughed. Being at universe level, he could easily conduct a soul-search on another being at a star traveler level, given his current power… There was no way the thoughts of such a weak little fellow could escape investigation. Luo Feng teased this fellow for fun, but at the same time, he was speedily scanning through his memories to conduct a meticulous search.

“Interesting world. Interesting young fellow.” Luo Feng looked at Bu Ah. At the same time, he turned to look far away into the mountains. “Whatever caused the eyes of the golden toad to turn red is in that direction, and what lives there is actually what the locals call a legendary being. I admire your character, but I am curious to know what you will become if you own great power.”

Luo Feng studied Bu Ah, who was in a mixed state of fear and uneasiness. Suddenly, a kiwi fruit seed—something ordinary that came from the universe—appeared on Luo Feng’s palm. It was one of the countless materials hidden within Luo Feng’s world ring. The next moment, it transformed into a stream of green light and enshrouded Bu Ah.

“Ah!” Bu Ah was in great shock. Within an instant, he was entirely enveloped in that green light.

Under the subtle control of Luo Feng’s godly power, Bu Ah’s body continuously absorbed the essence of energy and achieved breakthroughs repeatedly. His life gene level was soaring at a frightening speed, almost instantaneously… Within a short moment, a ninth-grade universe level being was born.

Luo Feng smiled as he watched everything happened. Since he had already obtained the information he needed, then what he had done to Bu Ah was merely out of randomness to appease his earlier curiosity. To a great universe master… the value of a small seed taken from the universe could most probably be neglected.

Turning around, Luo Feng stepped forward and left.


Chapter 1141: Povah God

Bu Ah felt endless pain permeating his body. It came from the improvement of his life gene. He couldn’t even think straight. He could barely open his eyes. All of a sudden, even the mountain range in the distance became clear.

“I—I…” Bu Ah felt that his hearing and sight were thousands of times better. “So powerful. Impressive!” The scars on Bu Ah’s face had already disappeared, and his face became clear.

He extended his thick arms and swung them.

Pa!

The armor on his body cracked. Bu Ah felt that the armor on his body was as fragile as paper. It could be destroyed if he simply tightened his muscles, which dazed him.

“I—I…” Bu Ah immediately started to search himself, and he was totally shocked. “Is—is this real?”

Bu Ah floated in the sky, and the original power in his body made him growl.

Hong!

He surged like a trace of light, then flew in an S-shaped curve. He dove and stopped when just one inch away from the ground. “Hahaha! Haha! It’s real! I became a saint! And I’m a pinnacle saint now! It’s only one step away from a legend! Hahaha! The Yuan Ao Supreme God! The great Po Vah God…”

Bu Ah was exhilarated. There were billions of billions of life forms on Jue An Land, and it was a long way from level one to level nine. Bu Ah, as an example, had become an apprentice of a knight, and all he had done was to deal with minor issues for a second-level knight. He could grow only after being instructed. After becoming a knight, he would need to go through one war after another—wars among horde leaders and even wars among empires… He had been to armies and slave camps, and he had survived all of them. He successfully passed level three and level four and entered Mighty Flame Family, becoming one of its knights.

Mighty Flame Family was a family that ruled a large area, and there was a saint in the family! It was extremely difficult to progress from level three to level four! And this was the case from level six to level seven, as well!

As for becoming a saint from level nine, it was even more difficult! Once someone became a saint, he would be able to travel the sky and land and to become a great being on Jue An Land. When someone became a legend, it was an incredible achievement. It would be easy for them to establish a horde leader kingdom, and once someone became a half god, he would be able to establish an empire!

Those who were under level three didn’t matter at all. It had taken Bu Ah decades to become a fifth-level knight.

“Saint! I’m now a pinnacle saint, and I’m one step away from becoming a legend.” Bu Ah was thrilled. “I heard that only being blessed by God can make someone’s power surge like this. Otherwise, it might take me thousands of years to become a pinnacle saint. That great being must be a god! Isn’t that Povah God…?”

Bu Ah’s body trembled. There were hundreds of gods on Jue An Land, and each of them ruled areas of trillions of square miles.

“Other God?” Bu Ah was terrified.

Godly wars were the norm on Jue An Land.

“I can’t tell anyone, not even my wife and children. It’ll be a disaster if I do so.” Bu Ah clenched his teeth and smirked. He looked toward Mighty Flame Castle. “Mighty Flame Castle. The leader only became a saint around 100 years ago, and it’s a long way to go for him to become a pinnacle saint. My joyful days have come. I’ll rule a land, build a castle, and have tens of thousands of women living in my castle…”

Bu Ah shook his body, and the armor turned into ashes. He gathered his original power and made new armor, then flew toward that Mighty Flame Castle.

Luo Feng stood in the sky and overlooked the mountains in the distance.

“Furious Flame Mountain. The target is there.” Luo Feng looked in the distance. “The Ancestral God from the Ancestral God School showed up, is it a life or a valuable?”

Luo Feng had already completely forgotten about Bu Ah who he just rescued. He only needed to get to know the world, which was why he had chosen Bu Ah, and he had compensated him by improving his life gene level.

According to the memories of Bu Ah, the mountain in front of Luo Feng was called Furious Flame Mountain, and a legend lived in there!

“A legend?” Luo Feng shook his head and smiled.

Although Jue An Land was in a universe secret region, Yuan Ao Master put too many life forms in the land, which led to overpopulation. They were only able to get a tiny portion of universe energies. Besides, Yuan Ao Master only seized life forms from weak races who had limited potential, so most of the individuals on Jue An Land were not more powerful than adult earthlings.

Level one to level three were under star traveler level. Level four to level six were star traveler level, and level seven to level nine were star level. Saints were at universe level! Legends were at domain-lord level! Half deities were sector lords! As for deities, they were undying.

More than one legend lives in this Angry Flame Mountain, Luo Feng thought as he was able to sense the power ripple. I can’t let anyone go.

Luo Feng became solemn.

Angry Flame Mountain was over 600,000 miles long, and there were powerful demon beasts living in it, so no civilians were living around the mountain.

Deep inside Angry Flame Mountain, in a black castle surrounded by mountains, boiling magma flowed under the castle, and there were strange beasts living in the magma. There were golden-armored knights around the castle, and all of them were at the ninth level.

The castle was surrounded by magma. A black metal bridge was connecting the door and the outside.

A white-caped elder approached from the distance, and each step took him over 300 feet. There was white light glowing around him, and Luo Feng could tell that he was a legend. Soon, that legend walked onto the bridge.

“Open the door,” shouted the elder.

“Yes.”

The door opened slowly, and a flamed knight stood in front of the door. That knight was also a legend.

“Why are you here?” asked the flamed knight. “Don’t you know you can’t come here unless you have something urgent?”

“I do have something urgent to tell the great Povah God,” said the white-caped elder as he walked inside the black castle.

Inside a palace of the castle, a gleaming undying fighter sat on the throne. Povah God looked down at the servants and was listening to his servants report to him. He felt superior. After all, he manipulated the wars and the slaughtering in his territory, making the empires more and more hostile toward each other. He would only show himself when everything went out of his control.

“You’ve done well,” said Povah God.

The white-caped elder began to tear up from the great deity’s compliment. The white-caped elder was waiting for instructions for the next step. However, he saw a blurry, golden light. He raised his head and found that…

“Where’s Povah God?”

Povah God, who had previously been on the throne and emanating golden light, had disappeared. The servants and the three half deities were all dazed. Then a half deity said, “Povah God is resting now.”

“I need instructions for the next step.” The white-caped elder was anxious, but he answered, “Sure.”

Those in the palace all left, including the half deities, as they all thought that Povah God had left for something important. What they didn’t know was that Povah God was sitting on the throne all the time, but those sector lords and domain lords weren’t able to see him anymore.

“Who… who are you?” Povah God gazed at the man in front of him, terrified as never before.

The dimming golden light covered an area of 300 square feet, and the power contained in the golden light petrified Povah God.

Luo Feng looked at Povah God in front of him and couldn’t help laughing at himself inside.

I was so careful and performed the most powerful binding skill I have, Golden Country. I didn’t expect my target to be a weak undying fighter.

Luo Feng had performed Golden Country in the sky above Angry Flame Mountain, and he immediately narrowed the range when he found that his target was too weak, which was why those half deities saw a golden flash.

“Tell me everything important in your life,” said Luo Feng.

“Sure, sure,” said Povah God. “I was born in…”

Luo Feng seemed to be listening, but actually, he had performed an illusion. After all, his mind and willpower were at the universe master level, and he was a spiritual force leader even though he was not good at illusion. He was a great being following the engraving path, he had created several illusion skills, which easily trapped Povah God. Luo Feng easily searched his memories.

Luo Feng could tell from the golden toad that his target was Povah God in front of him! However, he couldn’t believe that a mere undying fighter could be harmful to the original universe or that Ancestral God sent him just for this! Luo Feng felt that something wrong. He could sense that Povah God was only a part of the whole.


Chapter 1142: Torch Smelting

An undying fighter who had lived for an eternity had enormous memories. Fortunately, Luo Feng’s brain worked incredibly fast, though it still took him around five minutes to categorize all the memories of Povah God. Still, the result dazed Luo Feng a little bit.

“I… I didn’t find anything special or worth hesitating.” Luo Feng was a bit surprised.

“I became a general after becoming a saint…” said Povah God, speaking like a robot. He had lost all the light in his eyes.

Luo Feng looked at Povah God, frowning. Povah God was an undying fighter born on Jue An Empire, and he had started from the bottom. After becoming a half deity, he had established an empire. He led the empire to join wars upon wars, and after the empire fell, he started to adventure in Jue An Land alone. Eventually, he became an undying fighter.

Povah God’s soul was then controlled by Torch Smelting Master God, and then he joined Torch Smelting Master God. Based on Povah God’s memories, the hundreds of undying fighters on Jue An land were divided into two teams; one of them was on the Torch Smelting team, and the other was on the Mo He team. When the teams fought each other, they were led by top-tier great beings from different empires, and they were led by undying fighters.

That’s all! There’s nothing special in Povah God’s memories. Luo Feng was confused as the memories of Povah God were normal.

Now that I know his memories…

Luo Feng looked at Povah God sitting in front of him.

“Following Ancestral God’s order, everyone who makes the eyes of golden toad turn red should be killed.”

The dimming golden light was surrounding Povah God as well. Luo Feng moved his mind, and the power from Golden Country annihilated Povah God’s godly body.

The power of Golden Country was much stronger than a universe master’s control over space and time, and it was at the same level as a top-tier domain type true treasure. If it was fully utilized, top-tier universe overlords would be executed. As for a mere undying fighter… a mere slice of power could annihilate him.

There was a vast desert on the vast Jue An Land, and at the end of the dessert was a huge forest at the end of a boundless swamp bordered by mountain ranges rimmed with volcanoes. A towering palace stood at the center of the volcanoes. This was the top godly palace of the Torch Smelting camp. It was where Torch Smelting Master God lived.

The sinister aura of the godly palace and the sector lord-level demon beasts were enough to stop countless great beings.

Torch Smelting Master God was holding a scepter and standing at the high of the godly palace. He looked confused.

“Povah God died… Based on the information Povah God gave me, the enemy is someone too powerful for him to fight, and he can emanate golden domain, which was strong enough to terrify him.”

Can it be other master gods? Torch Smelting Master God wondered. He didn’t expect it to be a being from the outside, as Yuan Ao Secret Region belonged to Yuan Ao Master, who had a high status in the universe. Yuan Ao Master had become a universe master at the start of the universe, and he wasn’t easy to contend with. No powers were willing to mess with Yuan Ao Master.

Torch Smelting Master God found it impossible for Yuan Ao Master to have killed that one. That power must have at least come from a master god.

“Based on the descriptions, he looks like someone from Ka Vulture clan, but Ka Vulture clan doesn’t have a master god. Was he turned from my enemies? Also, that golden domain is so powerful. Is that from a domain type true treasure? Or a domain type treasure!”

There were only a few dozen universe knights under Yuan Ao Master, and only three of them had been bestowed true treasures.

“Why didn’t he kill Povah God right away?”

Torch Smelting Master God was irritated. Although he controlled Povah God’s soul, Povah God had stopped sending messages after first contact with the mysterious being, and he couldn’t get in touch with Povah God.

As for god country transportation, Torch Smelting Master God hadn’t even thought of that, as he didn’t want to fight a master god.

“Humph! I’ll wait and see. There are over 100 undying fighters under me, and I won’t take revenge this time. If you do that again, don’t blame me for starting a war between master gods.”

The red eyes of Torch Smelting Master God glinted fiercely.

Luo Feng floated above Angry Flame Mountain. His Golden Horned Beast body and Mosha body were checking the objects in Povah God’s world ring, but none of those objects made the toad’s eyes turn red.

Luo Feng waved his hand, and a golden token showed up in his hands.

“Ancestral God.” Luo Feng used it with familiarity, as it was exactly like the token given by Master Sitting Mountain Guest.

Ancestral God gave a response quickly. “What is it, Luo Feng?”

“I found a target who was an ordinary undying fighter. He was the one who made the eyes turn red. I’ve inspected his memories, and that undying fighter has always been living on Jue An Land. There was nothing special about him.” Luo Feng reported. “Did I finish the task?”

“Hahaha! It’s only been a short while, Luo Feng! You’ve only killed an ordinary undying fighter who was in no way harmful to the original universe! Keep killing! Kill all those who turn the eyes red.”

“Then when should I stop?” asked Luo Feng, as he didn’t want to keep killing.

“I’ll tell you when it’s done, and the universe origin will tell me, too! Go, Luo Feng! According to the instructions given by the universe origin, that Povah God is only a foot soldier. Keep searching.”

The communications were cut off.

Luo Feng put away the golden token and shook his head. “The golden toad can only inspect an area of 100 million square kilometers. Jue An Land is so large, and I’ve only searched a small part of it after half a year! If I keep doing that, I might alert someone. Fortunately, no one on Jue An Lan can escape me, unless there are some hidden supreme beings. I might as well begin!”

Luo Feng infused his Shi Wu Wings with his burning godly power.

Hong! Long!

Dimming golden light enveloped everywhere on Jue An Land—the magma, the abyss, and the islands where demon beasts lived or death ocean. They were all covered by the golden light. Even the apex of Jue An Land was covered. This was Golden Country!

Golden Country could cover an area with a diameter of 80 light years at most, and Jue An Land was obviously much smaller, so it was incredibly easy to encompass the whole land.

“Even top-tier universe overlords can be killed in my Golden Country, and even a universe master will be slowed down significantly here.”

Luo Feng immediately stopped the space ripples so that no great beings could teleport themselves! It was easy to manipulate time and space in Golden Country, so a space seal was easy.

Luo Feng stood above Angry Flame Mountain and sensed everywhere on Jue An Land carefully.

“Huh?”

“Why is there a trace of gold on the sky?”

“Look! It’s like the ocean is covered with a golden yarn.”

Everyone on Jue An Land was thrilled. Fortunately, the golden light was inconspicuous. It covered an enormous area, so one could only distinguish the golden light by looking carefully.

“What is that?”

“Is it a master god?”

All the undying fighters on Jue An Land were shocked. The weaker ones couldn’t feel it, but undying fighters could tell that there was boundless power contained in the dim glow—as if they would all be annihilated if it was let out a little bit. Little did they know, the two master gods, Torch Smelting Master God and Mo He Master, were also terrified.

Torch Smelting Master God held a scepter, and the golden light was binding him like ropes. He couldn’t move at all. His eyes were filled with terror.

“How is it so powerful?” he said. “I can’t even move a bit! And the space around me is sealed.”

“Ah! Damn it!” Mu He Master God’s scorpion tail was slashing, but the golden light didn’t even give him a chance to fight. His triangular head roar. “Yuan Ao Supreme God! Are you punishing me?”

Luo Feng nodded. “Good. No hidden beings. The most powerful beings are those two universe knights, Torch Smelting Master God and Mo He Master God.”

Luo Feng freed other areas and only kept the space seal around Torch Smelting Master God and Mo He Master God.

Shua!

Shua!

Luo Feng teleported twice and showed up ten million kilometers away from Torch Smelting Master God and Mo He Master God, inspecting the area using the golden toad.

“Mo He Master God didn’t make the eyes red, but Torch Smelting Master God… This is the origin.”

Luo Feng stood above a volcano around ten million kilometers away from Torch Smelting Master God, and the eyes of the golden toad turned red even from a distance.


Chapter 1143: The Beginning of the Plot

Standing in midair above the mouth of the volcano, Luo Feng disappeared suddenly. Then, one after another, domains connected to the Dark Continent started appearing, but Luo Feng would always appear within one million miles of a place where undying spirits could be found.

“Not red.”

“Not red.”

“Red!”

“Not red.”

After teleporting for a few hundred times, within an extremely short time, he finished surveying the few hundred undying spirits. Out of these undying spirits, there was a total of 12 who could cause both eyes of the golden toad to turn red. Being prudent, Luo Feng immediately put all 12 undying spirits within a dim, sealed space around them to ensure that all 12 undying spirits were unable to move an inch.

“Now, it is time to go meet Torch Smelting Master God.”

Luo Feng trod ahead in midair. One step forward, and he arrived directly above the towering godly palace, which was completely surrounded by volcanoes.

“Huh?” Luo Feng frowned. “There are two targets within this godly palace?”

With the golden toad, he could detect that there were two targets beneath him.

Within the godly palace, in a quiet palace hall, Torch Smelting Master God held onto his scepter as he stood in one spot. He was unable to break free from the invisible golden light restraining him.

Suddenly, there was absolute silence.

A man with dark green wings was slowly descending from the sky and landed in this palace hall, which was in the highest point of this godly palace. Yet he was completely unnoticed by the guards stationed around the entire godly palace. Torch Smelting Master God was a little intimidated when he saw the man before him.

He said, “If I may ask, why is my lord here at Yuan Ao secret region? If I am clear of your purpose of visit, I can request an audience for you with Yuan Ao Master.”

“Why not address him as Yuan Ao Supreme God?” Luo Feng jested.

At the same time, he made a speedy judgment that this Torch Smelting Master God was the cause of the eyes of that golden toad turning red, and not some strange object.

“My lord, you possess such power,” Torch Smelting Master God said reverentially. “You must be a universe master from other powers of the universe.”

Luo Feng made no denial.

“My lord, please feel free to give me your orders,” Torch Smelting Master God said. “I, Torch Smelting, will do my best to serve you.”

“Let me ask you,” Luo Feng began.

“Please speak your mind,” Torch Smelting Master God had barely started when his eyes darkened as though he had already entered an illusion.

Luo Feng frowned as he looked at Torch Smelting Master God before him. I suppose he is only an elementary knight. Yet, I could only manage to make him fall into an illusion, I am unable to search his memory.

To search memories, firstly, one had to be good in the skill itself; secondly, both parties must be very far apart. This Torch Smelting Master God was also a universe knight, albeit a very weak one, but he was very good with aspects involving souls, so Luo Feng could at most push him into an illusion but was unable to search his memories. Luo Feng stood where he was, waiting silently for a moment.

“Finally, he cannot hold out any longer.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded.

Torch Smelting Knight had finally fallen into the illusion. Of course, this merely meant that Luo Feng could carry out his interrogation. He was still unable to search his memories.

“Let me ask you, what special secret do you have?” Luo Feng asked.

With his scepter in his hands, Torch Smelting knight started speaking in a mechanical manner. “I sneak-attacked ‘Stoic God’ and killed him…”

Luo Feng listened with furrowed brows. Something was not right.

It did not sound as though there was anything threatening the primal universe. The primal universe was impregnated with hundreds of millions of races… Even the invincible existence, human form “Teacher Origin,” was suppressed by the universe origin. To be able to be termed as something that boded ill against the primal universe, where even Teacher Origin was mobilized, this was definitely no trivial matter.

“Have you ever left Yuan Ao secret region? Has Yuan Ao Master ever ordered you to handle some important matters? Have you ever obtained any unique treasures, or met with any unique encounters? What makes you stand out from the other knights? What is special about you?”

Luo Feng interrogated Torch Smelting Master God without pause. Completely immersed within his illusionary world, Torch Smelting Master God answered all Luo Feng’s questions with everything he knew. The more Luo Feng heard, the more confused he got. Then, he was struck by a sudden thought…

Shua!

A figure encased in golden light flew over. This was the other target found within the godly palace that caused the eyes of the golden toad to turn red—an undying spirit. This tall and burly life form was black all over. He merely stood in one spot with lifeless eyes. He had already fallen under Luo Feng’s control, wordlessly and without any warning.

“Search his memories.”

Luo Feng was unable to search Torch Smelting Master God, but he was able to search those of this undying. A moment later…

“Huh?” Luo Feng looked at the black and burly undying life form and Torch Smelting Master God. “So coincidental? This undying spirit and the one I killed previously, Povah God, are all soul servants of this Torch Smelting Master God?”

Combining the two memories, Luo Feng discovered this common ground. With a thought in mind, Luo Feng made his move.

In certain faraway lands within the Dark Continent, there were 12 “undying spirits” who could also cause the eyes of the golden toad to become red. With a single thought, Luo Feng released them from the sealed space. Then, by switching time and space, he shifted all of them into this towering palace hall.

Within this palace hall, 15 figures suddenly gathered. Now, Luo Feng was with Torch Smelting Master God and 13 undying spirits.

“Every one of them here are targets.”

“Search!”

Immediately, Luo Feng went to the trouble of painstakingly searching the memories of every undying spirit present. Apart from Torch Smelting Master God, he searched the memories of all the other 13 undying spirits… Then he carefully carried out comparisons.

“There is nothing out of the norm. They are all very ordinary undying! And they crawled out step-by-step from the Dark Continent.” Luo Feng analyzed this. “The only common thing was… all 13 of them are soul servants of Torch Smelting Master God.”

“Torch Smelting.” Luo Feng looked at Torch Smelting, “how many soul servants do you have?”

“A total of 20,” Torch Smelting Master God replied. “Four have been annihilated. 16 left.”

Luo Feng took one look at the 13 undying spirits standing there expressionlessly, as though they were in a coma, and asked, “All are undying?”

“There are three demigods,” Torch Smelting Master God replied.

“Under the command of which undying spirit, from which empire?” Luo Feng asked.

Since he had already searched the memories of these 13 undying spirits, he was naturally familiar with the geographical location of the entire Dark Continent. According to what Torch Smelting Master God said, Luo Feng was able to locate the three soul servant of Torch Smelting Master God, who were sector lords! He searched their memories… but the results were surprising. These three sector lords were unable to cause the eyes of the golden toad to turn red, so obviously, they were not the targets he was looking for.

These three sector lords were not targets. But—out of all the soul servants of Torch Smelting Master God—every single one of the undying servants are targets. Even Torch Smelting Master God himself is a target.

Luo Feng pondered this. But Torch Smelting Master God himself does not seem to present any problems. Could it be…?

“Torch Smelting, is Yuan Ao your master?” Luo Feng asked.

“Yes,” Torch Smelting Master God replied in a mechanical manner.

Luo Feng laughed suddenly. “So, it is really him…” Luo Feng continued pressing him for more information. “Do you know whether Yuan Ao Master has other soul servants?”

“Yes, there are two that I know of,” Torch Smelting Master God replied in his mechanical voice again.

“Tell me their names. Where are they?” Luo Feng asked.

A short while later…

Including Torch Smelting Master God, all 14 targets were annihilated without a second thought. Luo Feng retreated from this golden kingdom and immediately teleported away from the Dark Continent. Then he proceeded to an even wider continent out of the twelve large continents: Towering Continent.

Within the mezzanine spaces corresponding to the universe space of the Yuan Ao secret region, in the depths of the limitless space debris, there was a vast, towering god country. This god country was mighty and boundless.

Suspended in midair above this god country was a gigantic continent. This suspended continent had many black chains that were all at least 60 million miles long, plunged straight into the bottomless ocean. The entire suspended continent seemed unable to float away because of these few hundred huge black chains connected to it.

Right in the core of this suspended continent, there was a vast lake. Within the lake, there was a boiling-hot black fluid. If any universe knight were to fall within this black fluid, he would be burned and annihilated within an instant.

There was an incomparably towering figure lying over there. This towering figure was like a giant sculpted out of a gigantic mountain, and it lay within the vast lake brimming with that boiling-hot black fluid.

Hua!

The giant sat up suddenly. His head was squarish with only one large eye and a mouth. His godly body wore gray armor covered with a layer of mercury-like liquid set into a continuous motion. The moment he sat up, it was as though a towering mountain were emerging out of a lake filled with black fluid. The black fluid continuously flowed from his body to return to the lake.

He was none other than the famous Yuan Ao Master!

“The misty, golden domain,” Yuan Ao Master said in a low voice. “Even Torch Smelting is unable to resist? Looks resembling that of the Ka Vulture clan with an invincible power. Oh… He has fallen into an illusion.”

Torch Smelting Master God was his soul servant, so naturally, they could communicate via their souls even if they were very far away from one another. Even at the very instant, he knew he had fallen into an illusion; Torch Smelting Master God was quick at providing Yuan Ao Master with information immediately.

What a pity. He quickly fell into enemy’s hands and was no longer able to transmit information.

“What strong power. A top-tier universe overlord? No. He must be a universe master.”

Yuan Ao Master waited in silence. Only a short moment later, Yuan Ao Master felt his servant, Torch Smelting Master God, being annihilated.

“He really is dead.” Yuan Ao Master affirmed the fact in a low voice, his eyes burning with a strange emotion. “Everything is happening as expected. Once the plan is activated… the Ancestral God School— the self-proclaimed guardians of the primal universe origin—will be sure to make a move. Indeed, this move came pretty quickly. The Ancestral God School must have sent a universe master. Bring it on.”

“What a great sacrifice,” he continued, “but Ancestral God School coming here doesn’t really mean much. Since the great being from the Ancestral God School has arrived… I should also move on to my next step: the demons… The Space Beast Alliance… The Northern Territory Alliance… They should all make their way here one after the other.”

Luo Feng was oblivious to everything that was happening.

Strange, he thought. It is understandable if Yuan Ao Master did not know about me killing Povah God. But I killed his soul servant, Torch Smelting Master God. Yuan Ao Master would surely learn of it almost immediately. Luo Feng stood high up in the sky of the vast Tower Continent, with slightly furrowed brows as he considered. But Yuan Ao Master has not made a single move at all.

Yuan Ao Master might have very strong power, but Luo Feng had no fear for him.

But Yuan Ao Master did not appear…

Luo Feng felt that something was not right. If there was someone slaughtering great beings in the human territory, then universe masters of the human race would have reacted and appeared quickly. Besides, based on the information obtained from earlier investigations, Torch Smelting Master God and the other undying soul servants were already confirmed as targets. Since Yuan Ao Master was the master of Torch Smelting Master God, it was very likely that the source might be found with Yuan Ao Master!

“We shall see. I am very interested to know what tricks he has up his sleeves and what could mean harm to the primal universe.”

With a thought in mind, Luo Feng made his move.

Hong! Long!

An endless, misty, golden light—bringing with it the power of Milky Way Horde Leader—landed directly on this Towering Continent with a maximum diameter of 5.1 light years. At this very moment, not one of those great beings on Towering Continent would ever hold hopes of eluding Luo Feng’s control.


Chapter 1144: Yuan Ao Supreme God

Towering Continent was a relatively huge continent out of the 12 continents. There were countless beings living on the continent, and hundreds of millions of lives died during the horde leader wars, empire wars, and godly wars. These wars had resulted in generations of great beings. There were six master gods in total on Towering Continent, around 1,000 undying fighters, and countless half deities and legends.

“Seal!”

Luo Feng stood under the seven-color light membrane. His wings were open, and he looked down at the land.

The dimming golden light covered the entire Towering Continent and everyone on it… Under the boundless golden light, those half deities, legends, and saints were still able to move, but undying fighters and master gods couldn’t move even a bit. Under space seal, they couldn’t teleport themselves.

“Such a strong binding!”

“So powerful. Ah! The great Yuan Ao Supreme God!”

More than half of the undying fighters on Towering Continent shouted the name Yuan Ao Supreme God. These undying fighters had soul servants as well, and they could determine from their servants that the golden light was covering a vast area.

Those undying fighters had made contact with their master gods, and they knew that those master gods were this powerful. Master gods were only able to put pressure on individual undying fighters, but they wouldn’t be able to affect an area of ten billion square kilometers. Only Yuan Ao Supreme God was able to do that.

“Ah, my 22 servants are distributed on different areas on Towering Continent, and all of them are covered by golden light. How large the area is! It’s over one square light year. This is what a universe master is capable of.”

A gleaming godly palace floated in the mist, and there were white-caped and golden-caped servants in the palace. This was the godly palace of Glorious Master God, and it was the honor of saints, legends, and half deities to serve the great Glorious Master God “Ta Wo.” However, their Glorious Master God now sat on the throne and couldn’t even move a muscle. He was terrified.

“It isn’t Yuan Ao Supreme God… Who is it? Who is it?” Glorious Master God was horrified. “This is a universe master!”

Undying fighters were yelling, “Yuan Ao Supreme God!”

The half-deity guards were also shouting, “Yuan Ao Supreme God!”

The legend servants were also shouting, “Yuan Ao Supreme God!”

Glorious Master God Ta Wo sat on the throne, scared stiff. He couldn’t scold the great beings under him. After all, those undying fighters didn’t have much to do with Yuan Ao Supreme Master, but he was a soul servant of Yuan Ao Supreme God, so naturally, he knew that it didn’t come from Yuan Ao Supreme God.

“Yuan Ao Supreme God.”

“Yuan Ao Supreme God.”

The great beings kept shouting.

Suddenly, space and time were frozen, while those undying fighters and half deities stopped talking under the increasing pressure.

In the distance, a man with four teal-blue wings soaked in golden light walked in. All the undying fighters, half deities, legends, and Glorious Master God gazed at him.

“Ta Wo,” said the winged man as he approached Glorious Master God. His voice resounded in the palace. “You’re a soul slave of Yuan Ao?”

“How dare you disrespect Yuan Ao Supreme God!” a legend servant screamed. “How dare you call Yuan Ao Supreme God by his name!”

Although he was afraid of this individual, he had been indoctrinated that Yuan Ao Supreme God was the almighty being deserving of awe; his belief was stronger than his fear of death, which was why he was infuriated by this stranger using the name “Yuan Ao” directly.

“How dare you call Yuan Ao Supreme God by name!”

“You!”

Peng! Peng! Peng!

All of a sudden, those who had spoken were turned to ashes. Luo Feng didn’t even look at them… Those domain lords and sector lords just hadn’t wanted to live, as they had dared to defy a universe master.

On the contrary, the undying fighters in the palace and Glorious Master God Ta Wo didn’t say anything.

“No answer?” whispered Luo Feng. “Answer me. Are you a soul servant of Yuan Ao?”

Suddenly, Ta Wo’s eyes lost all the light, and he answered, “Yes, I’m a soul slave of Yuan Ao Supreme God.”

The undying fighters looked at Ta Wo in shock. They took note of his dismal eyes and stiff voice. They all understood now that Ta Wo was being controlled. They knew that Ta Wo Master God was a universe knight, and he was a great being who was able to roam the earth. Who would able to control a universe knight so easily?

“It is! I thought Torch Smelting’s news was fake.” Luo Feng smiled. “Give me the names of your soul slaves.”

“Ke Ya, Bu Si, Luo Ma Qi…” Glorious Master God Ta Wo answered repeatedly.

“All your undying soul slaves are targets.” Luo Feng looked to the undying fighters down there. “Time to kill you all.”

Luo Feng had teleported on Towering Continent before arriving at the palace. He found out that two universe knights and 49 undying fighters were targets! He searched the memories of undying fighters. There were thousands of undying fighters on the 12 continents, and they all knew each other.

Since Luo Feng had searched their memories, he knew the undying fighters and their names. He also heard the names revealed to him by Glorious Master God, and all those undying soul slaves were the targets!

The undying fighters started to beg Luo Feng for mercy upon seeing him decide to kill them.

“No, please spare our lives!”

“Great being, please spare our lives.”

“Great being, we have no intention to be your enemy. Please spare our lives—we’ll be grateful for your mercy forever.”

“Hmm?” Luo Feng turned his head and looked into the distance. He could see that a being that had just arrived at Towering Continent.

Above an ocean, a giant arm tore the seven-color light membrane, and a being walked into Towering Continent. He was a towering being, and the sole eye on his head gazed into the distance. He was Yuan Ao Master! The legendary Yuan Ao Supreme God of the 12 continents.

Heng!

After a snort, his armor started to burn with flames, and the golden light couldn’t affect him at all.

“So powerful,” he said. “Even I can’t control the space and time. It might be a top-tier domain type true treasure. Fortunately, I have a top-tier domain type true treasure as well. Otherwise, I would be at a disadvantage.”

Yuan Ao Master’s godly body started to glow.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

All of a sudden, endless flames appeared on Towering Continent.

“Ah! Flames!”

“Fire!”

“Ah! Danger!”

“Incredible!”

Just when all the lives on Towering Continent were horrified, they soon realized that those flames weren’t powerful at all. Even a baby wouldn’t be harmed by the flames; the golden flames were like a breeze.

“Look.”

“Nothing happened.”

“It’s so weird.”

Everyone on Towering Continent was thrilled. Even the wars were paused. Under those incredible flames, they couldn’t see things in the distance. It was a miracle!

The dimming golden light didn’t affect the wars on the continent, but the flames significantly narrowed the residents’ vision.

Glorious God Palace.

“Please, spare our lives!”

“Mercy, please.”

Just when the undying fighters were begging for their lives, endless flames arrived.

The Golden Country formed by Shi Wu Wings was fundamentally different from domain type true treasures. Domain type true treasures would clash with each other if their power were let out, as Thousand Treasures River and Floating Mountain Ocean clashed with each other on the original stars. However, if the powers were different, it would not happen.

Master of Banfu’s E Luo Sector still existed in Luo Feng’s miniature universe, as they had contrasting types of power. Golden Country a control over space and time, like that of a universe master, but much more powerful because it came from Shi Wu Wing’s secret techniques! That was why Yuan Ao Master wasn’t able to control the space and time.

“I’ll kill all the targets.” Luo Feng glanced around.

“How dare you!” roared the voice of Yuan Ao Master came from the endless golden flames.

The flames immediately put Ta Wo and those undying fighters under their protection. Although the domain type true treasure wasn’t able to extend as far as Golden Country, it was almost as powerful.

“Yuan Ao, you can’t protect them,” said Luo Feng calmly.

Luo Feng’s words dazed everyone in the palace. This being wasn’t even afraid of Yuan Ao Supreme God? They had been indoctrinated that Yuan Ao Supreme God was supreme since they were born!

“Help us, Yuan Ao Supreme God!” yelled Glorious Master God.

“Save us, Yuan Ao Supreme God!” yelled the undying fighters.

“He won’t be able to kill you,” said Yuan Ao Supreme God.

Luo Feng shook his head. “What a joke.”

Hong! Hong! Hong!

A golden river surged from Luo Feng’s body. The flames crumbled beneath Nine Tiger River, and Glorious Master God and his three soul slaves were annihilated immediately.

“Damn you!” roared the voice from the endless flames.


Chapter 1145: A New Route

Luo Feng took a last look at the surviving undying spirits, demigods, and legendary beings who looked lifeless, shocked, and fearful. Then he turned and took a step forward… and left this Glorious God Palace.

Within the hall of the Glorious God Palace, there were two undying spirits (not soul servants), a group of demigod guards, and a group of legendary servants.

“In the presence of Supreme God, how dare he? How dare he…?”

“He—he actually killed Glorious Master God who was under the protection of our Supreme God!”

“Who is he?”

A rolling sea of waves was upheaved in the minds of this group of legendary beings, demigods, and two undying spirits. As the two undying spirits were not strangers to the vast universe out of Yuan Ao secret region, their brief understanding allowed them to guess that this enemy must be a universe master who came from the vast universe. But the demigods and legendary beings were different. They were oblivious. They had always been instilled with various beliefs like, “no one can disobey Supreme God’s commands,” and, “Supreme God is invincible.”

“To think, to think…”

In the hearts of these legendary beings (domain masters) and demigods (sector lords), a new seed was sprouting. They had banished all such thoughts about the Supreme God being invincible as a sudden realization dawned on them… In the vast universe, the 12 large continents were never the core. There was an even larger world beyond their continents.

“That enemy was able to match up to Supreme God. Why can’t I?”

The seed had been sown, so now, there was hope of bearing fruit.

Luo Feng took a step out of Glorious God Palace. Out in the surroundings, rolling waves of Nine Tiger River were surging. With the empowerment of Golden Kingdom, the weaker Nine Tiger River was still able to cause that endless flame to disperse to naught.

“Yuan Ao Master.” Luo Feng looked at the towering figure standing amidst the endless flame from afar. The towering figure from afar was glaring furiously at Luo Feng with its single eye. “Who are you? Don’t sneak around. You are not from the Ka Vulture clan!”

“Haha…” Luo Feng laughed, and instantly, his fiery-red hair changed to black, while his armor and wings transformed back to their original color. This was a black-haired man with silver armor and wings.

“And you are?” Yuan Ao Master revealed a trace of uncertainty.

“Luo Feng,” Luo Feng answered immediately.

Yuan Ao Master’s eye was filled with shock. “The extraordinary genius from humanity that became a universe master? It has not been that long, has it? You… When did you become a universe master?”

Yuan Ao Master did not belong to any top power because he had quickly become a universe master soon after the birth of the universe. For countless years, his power naturally became very strong, so he did not need to be part of any top power and could roam the universe as a lone wanderer. Yet, because he was a lone wanderer, he was always behind time and uninformed of the latest news.

“Not too long ago,” Luo Feng replied.

“Oh…” Yuan Ao Master pondered for a slight moment as a complicated look flashed in his single eye. After a short while, he said, “So, you are Milky Way Horde Leader, Luo Feng! To think so many things have happened during these few short months of deep slumber. You actually killed over 6,000 universe knights from the three major alliances with one blow. That was pretty ruthless.”

“Nothing much, nothing much.” Luo Feng afforded a slight smile. Obviously, this Yuan Ao Master before him must have learned about what happened on the original stars in the recent years through some intelligence channels.

“Humph,” said Yuan Ao Master. Then he let out a roar. “Even if you are a universe master—even if you are from the human alliance, you cannot be so impudent! The Yuan Ao secret region is my territory. You come here and kill as you please… this is a provocation to me! However, you are a universe master, and I do not wish to pursue the matter further. Hand over a senior true treasure as compensation and leave my territory as fast as you can. We shall bury the hatchet!”

Universe masters were unable to kill each other easily unless the difference in power was quite far apart. Most of them would either negotiate or incur hatred to end things.

“A senior true treasure?” Luo Feng lightly shook his head.

“Milky Way Horde Leader, do you think that I will let you off because you are from the human alliance?” Yuan Ao Master roared.

“My apologies. There is no way we can put an end to this.” Luo Feng looked at Yuan Ao Master. “I am here under the orders of the Ancestral God School to exterminate you and the various great beings under your command.”

Silence.

Yuan Ao Master’s single eye was filled with shock, which was closely followed by rage and an endless raging fire.

“You said the Ancestral God School?” Yuan Ao Master let out another roar. “The Ancestral God School has sent you here to kill me? Loathsome, bastard…! Detestable Ancestral God School! I, Yuan Ao Master, have run rampant in the universe as a loner. Even universe supreme beings can forget about killing me. Why would I fear your Ancestral God School? Come, come. I am here at Yuan Ao secret region. I will wait here and see who comes to kill me. Hahaha…!”

Luo Feng raised his brows. Luo Feng could confirm that Yuan Ao Master indeed caused the eyes of the golden toad to turn red. Also… Yuan Ao Master carried with him another target that caused the eyes of the golden toad to turn red.

Two targets; one is Yuan Ao Master himself, thought Luo Feng. The other is something he carries by his side. Is it a soul servant that he carries within his world ring? Or another unique object?

No matter what it was, so long as it could cause the eyes of the golden toad to turn red, it would be a target that needed to be eliminated and annihilated. When he had been executing Golden Kingdom, enshrouding the Dark Continent to kill Torch Smelting Master God, Luo Feng had mentally prepared himself to face Yuan Ao Master.

He made quite a conspicuous entrance, as he once again landed in Towering Continent. Luo Feng had been waiting for Yuan Ao Master for some time, and sure enough, Yuan Ao Master had appeared. Everything was within his expectations, Yuan Ao Master was indeed the cause of the golden toad’s eyes turning red.

Luo Feng had revealed the Ancestral God School as the perpetrator because he was aware that he could not kill this Yuan Ao Master.

Yuan Ao Master is a special life-form, thought Luo Feng. His godly body is a million miles tall, and his godly power is one level purer than mine. And he has been around since the first era of the birth of the universe. By now, he must have accumulated countless treasures. Based on what I have gathered, those would be top-tier domain type true treasures, pinnacle true treasure armor, and many other true treasures. I suppose even Star River Master would not be able to kill him!

So, earlier on, when Yuan Ao Master proclaimed that even a universe supreme being could forget about killing him, it was not empty talk. That was the truth!

Extremely powerful beings like Star River Master, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Nine Remoteness Master did not fear universe supreme beings! Yuan Ao Master might be a notch lower than Star River Master in terms of combat power, but his massive godly body allowed him to run freely and rampantly throughout the universe without fearing anyone.

Yuan Ao Master glared furiously at Luo Feng.

“Milky Way Horde Leader,” he said. “I am not afraid of those bastards of the Ancestral God School at all. As for you… Humph! You must be a peripheral member of the Ancestral God School. I could not be bothered with fighting you at all. If you have any sense in you, you will know to hand over a senior true treasure as compensation and get out of my territory as fast as you can. Otherwise… I shall let you see what I am capable of.”

“Oh, I am indeed curious to know what you are capable of,” Luo Feng said, laughing lightly. “I would love the opportunity to measure my power against a universe master like you, who emerged during the birth of the universe. What will it be? Do you intend to exchange blows within the Towering Continent? Destroying this entire continent brings me no heartache at all.”

Yuan Ao Master snorted in an aloof manner. “Since you want to court your doom, follow me. We shall battle within the void space of the secret region.”

“Very well.” Luo Feng nodded.

Sou!

Sou!

One after the other, almost simultaneously, the two disappeared from Towering Continent in a flash. Golden Kingdom and Endless Flame, which were previously enshrouding Towering Continent, also disappeared instantaneously.

The billions of various life-forms on the entire Towering Continent were in a state of shock. The misty golden light and endless flames had arrived on their continent in an instant, one after the other. Now, they had vanished from the continent in an instant. This was unprecedented in the history of the Towering Continent.

A couple dozen light years away from the 12 large continents, there was a void space filled with darkness. There was only a thin, fog-like universe energy.

Two figures, one after the other, arrived at this void space.

“You are merely the errand-boy of the Ancestral God School, so I actually had no intention of making things difficult for you,” said Yuan Ao Master. “You killed two universe knights under my command and various undying spirits, all of which I cannot be bothered to make a fuss over. Just that, when I wanted you to compensate me with a senior true treasure and then get out of my territory, you had the guts to provoke me into a fight? Humph! Just a young fellow with barely over 100,000 years of cultivation. Let me show you how vastly different I am from Master of Banff, the expert in using illusions.”

The massive figure with a single eye glared at Luo Feng from afar. Luo Feng stood within the void space with a blade slung across his back.

“Is that so?” he said.

Hong!

The endless, misty golden light appeared, and the void space that was initially filled with darkness instantly transformed into a golden kingdom. The limitless power suppressed Yuan Ao Master, who let out a roar. Suddenly, endless flames appeared out of nowhere. There was only a fractional difference between the power of Golden Kingdom and that of the endless flames.

Luo Feng was aware, however, that his Shi Wu Wings were actually much stronger than Endless Flames! But his godly power was one level lower than Yuan Ao Master’s; therefore, this made the power of the second form of this impaired true treasure Shi Wu Wings well-matched in strength with Endless Flame.

Other great beings would not be able to use two domain type true treasures at the same time, because domains are mutually exclusive, Luo Feng thought. However, my Golden Kingdom controls time and space… so it makes a perfect combination with a domain time true treasure! Right. Nine Tiger River is too weak on its own. I need to obtain a much greater domain type true treasure in the future.

Luo Feng was secretly looking forward to his treasure hunt.

With Golden Kingdom being a degree more powerful than a top-tier domain type true treasure, if he could obtain another top-tier domain type true treasure, he would likely own something that was comparable to a pinnacle domain type true treasure.

A miniature universe could be another method to consider, thought Luo Feng. Miniature Universe, Golden Kingdom, domain type true treasure… these three do not repel one another. They could be executed simultaneously.

Suddenly, Luo Feng discovered a route that was suitable for him. He had made it all the way to where he was now. Unless he had become a universe master, it would have been very difficult for him to attain an explosive boost in his power within a short period. However, Miniature Universe, Golden Kingdom, and a domain type true treasure… The confluence of these three would become a powerful stance that exclusively belonged to Luo Feng!

Star River Master may be able to execute an ultimate technique, “Dark Night,” which resembles Miniature Universe because he has a domain type true treasure, thought Luo Feng, but he does not own a valuable treasure like Shi Wu Wings to allow him to control time and space. When it comes to controlling time and space, I think only a universe supreme being can surpass me, but just barely.

Shi Wu Wings… are truly amazing. Luo Feng could not help singing praises of his possession.

At least, Luo Feng had not heard of any other true treasures with such power. Besides, Shi Wu Wings were still imperfect at this point, so Luo Feng was filled with anticipation for them.

Various thoughts flashed through his mind like lightning, but his eyes were glued to his opponent in the distance—a being that was merely a slight notch weaker than Star River Master. Without using his supreme true treasure, Star Tower, what would he be capable of? Luo Feng really looked forward to finding out for himself.

“You little human kid who has cultivated for merely a few dozen eras,” jeered Yuan Ao Master. “I will teach you the consequences of provoking me!”

Then, with a roar, the radiant light of the endless flames charged right before Luo Feng’s eyes.


Chapter 1146: Strange Object

Luo Feng had thick arms, and one was carrying a cardinal shield while the other was carrying a bronze and bloody hammer. The hammer was enormous, and there were nails on it.

Hou!

There were flames around the hammer, and it dashed at Luo Feng with mighty power. The space around it turned into particles.

Luo Feng’s blade Absolute Guest came out of the sheath. Absolute Guest was a pinnacle true treasure blade created by Sitting Mountain Guest and was much more powerful than Blade Ghost Blade, which Luo Feng wielded to fight Master of Banff! A powerful true treasure could affect power to a large extent, and the closest power level was that of a supreme true treasure; the gap was larger.

“Dang!”

The blade hit the arm of the hammer, and the shock wave made Luo Feng take three steps back.

Yuan Ao Master took two steps back and stopped.

“You?” Yuan Ao Master growled and glared at Luo Feng. “You were at an advantage when you were fighting Master of Banff only because you performed your supreme technique! Your blade technique wasn’t that impressive. How could you just resist my hammer?”

Luo Feng sneered and said, “Stop talking! Show me your true power!”

Luo Feng knew exactly how powerful Yuan Ao Master was, despite the fact that he shouted like that. He had been suppressing Yuan Ao Master using Golden Country and Nine Tiger River at the beginning! As a matter of fact, Yuan Ao Master was indeed stronger than Luo Feng.

When he was fighting Master of Banff, Master of Banff used Floating Mountain Sea to suppress Luo Feng, and Luo Feng was only using Blood Ghost Blade. That was how Master of Banff was able to be at an advantage. However, Luo Feng was the one at an advantage now. He had better true treasures, and he was able to rival Yuan Ao Master even without I Am the Universe.

“How rampant you are!” Yuan Ao Master roared. “Well, you’re indeed qualified to be rampant, as you’ve been only training for a few dozen eras. However, you need to learn that nobody cares how long you’ve been practicing. I’ll reveal my true power now!”

Hong!

The godly body of Yuan Ao Master was surrounded by flames that were like nebulas. The flames were so powerful that even Nine Tiger River under Golden Country crumbled instantly.

“So powerful!” Luo Feng looked to the flame whirlpool in shock. “It can rival the supreme technique ‘Dark Dight’ of Star River Master.”

Hong! Long! Long!

The breathtaking and shining flame whirlpool shrank and concentrated on that gigantic hammer. The fire on the hammer surged. All of a sudden, the hammer was emanating endless force, as if it were a pinnacle domain type true treasure.

“Burn!” Yuan Ao Master roared.

Hong!

The huge hammer looked bloody under the flame, and the bloodstains seemed to be triggered. An evil force permeated that drilled into Luo Feng and started to attack his body.

“Kill! Kill! Kill! Die!”

The roaring resounded in Luo Feng’s mind.

“Humph!” Yuan Ao Master sneered. To him, although Luo Feng was a peerless genius in the human race—even in the universe—he had only practiced for a few dozen eras, and his mind might be his disadvantage. The hammer might not be a threat to real universe masters, but it was likely to work on this human genius! It could at least daze Luo Feng and put him in danger.

Peng!

The hammer arrived in front of Luo Feng.

Hua!

Golden light shone, and it was sharp and cold! It hid the hammer directly.

Luo Feng was blasted away like a beam of light and didn’t stop flying for thousands of kilometers, yet Yuan Ao Master stood in the sky, dazed.

“He resisted it? And his godly body isn’t weakened, either?” said Yuan Ao Master.

“Hahaha, is this your move, Yuan Ao Master?”

Luo Feng laughed on the outside, but inside, he was shocked. Even though he had Nine Tiger River and Golden Country, he was still at a severe disadvantage… That move was indeed terrifically powerful. Although it was less powerful than the trump card of Star River Master, it was only slightly weaker. However, it was different from when he was fighting Star River Master. He had Golden Country, Nine Tiger River, and Absolute Guest. He didn’t have Star Tower, but Luo Feng had only lost 2/10,000ths of his godly body.

That Yuan Ao Master might’ve already lost 1/10,000th of his godly body already, Luo Feng thought. I have Force Armor to protect me.

“Good,” said Yuan Ao Master. “Incredible. No wonder you’re a peerless genius in the human race. It’s been less than one era since you fought Master of Banff, but your power has surged again! You’re not even injured at my hands. I originally considered consuming you to death, as I have a large godly body, but now, you’re qualified to make me use that!” Yuan Ao Master glared at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was surprised. Use that?

“Haha! Everyone can bluff,” said Luo Feng. “Don’t you have a supreme true treasure?” Luo Feng opened his four wings and stood on Nine Tiger River, looking at Yuan Ao Master in the distance.

“Humph! I’ve only used it once in Universe Ocean since I got it. This will be the first time I use it in the original universe.” Yuan Ao Master waved his hands, and the hammer disappeared, after which a strange black object showed up in Yuan Ao Master’s hands. The black object was mighty.

“How powerful.” Luo Feng confirmed that the black object was one of the targets using his golden toad. “That’s a target? That strange object?”

Luo Feng was shocked. He had killed some undying fighters and universe knights since coming here. It had always been living beings that made the golden toad’s eyes turn red! And he was supposed to kill all of them.

Ancestral God asked Luo Feng to find out what was happening here. Luo Feng surmised that… the origin might be that strange object!

That strange object looked like a giant piece of black wood, and one side was broken. The grains on the wood looked odd—like half-circles winding with each other—and the entire black wood was strangely powerful.

So powerful! I’ve seen many valuables, but the only two things that can outpower this are a fully utilized Star Tower and Five-Color Aurora Lake, Luo Feng thought. I have Star Tower in my hands, but I can’t fully utilize it, and it can’t trump this black wood now.

Although Yuan Ao Master had launched some attacks, that black wood was already more forceful than the true treasure maces and the pinnacle true treasure that Double-Face Ancestral God used.

“I killed a universe master with one attack.” Yuan Ao Master stroked the black wood. “This is a valuable I got in Universe Ocean after lots of efforts and dangers. I’ll use it to rip you into pieces. I’ll take your true treasures by destroying this body of yours, and it’ll be your punishment. As for the Ancestral God School? Haha! I’m not even afraid of Ancestral God! Just come!”

Demon race territory in the distance.

Inside Dream Ancestor Secret Region, a giant silver snake was floating in the space where the palaces of Dream Demon Ancestor. He looked up in a certain direction in the universe.

“A ripple… It’s that ripple,” said the silver snake slowly. “It’s in Yuan Ao Secret Region. Did Yuan Ao Master get a strange object? What a moron. How stupid is he to bring that object back to the original universe. Doesn’t he know the original universe doesn’t allow that kind of strange object?”

The silver snake made an order immediately.

“Sky Wolf, You Mo, go to Yuan Ao Secret Region. I’ll go there if you run into dangers.”

“Yes.”

Sky Wolf Master and You Mo Master took the order. Both of them had lived for a long time, and Sky Wolf Master was a pinnacle universe master with great surviving skills. So was You Mo Master. The two universe masters were only scouts.

The Northern Territory Alliance.

“That strange object! It’s rare for it to show up even in Universe Ocean, and it shows up now? Though it still can’t rival a supreme true treasure, it’s very close already. Even pinnacle set true treasures can’t rival that. I’m sure that the universe supreme masters in the original universe have already heard. I’ll send two universe masters there to see, and I can get there immediately.”

Soon, Northern Territory Alliance sent two universe masters.

Meanwhile, the Ancestral God School sent three universe masters. The bug race sent one universe master, and the space Beast Alliance sent two universe masters.

The superpowers in the universe all sent universe masters, and the universe supreme masters behind them were observing the situation closely. On the contrary, the automaton race and the human race didn’t send anyone, as Huge Axe Founder was in Universe Ocean while Father God was in another universe.


Chapter 1147: Nine Remoteness Master

With Golden Kingdom, Luo Feng had absolute control over time and space. Thus, he could feel the attraction and detect that black piece of wood.

Due to certain factors, the black piece of wood was cracking. The splinters that broke off were distinct. This could be a valuable that was a naturally occurring treasure at the true treasure level. It could be big or small, and it had limitless power.

“I have never heard of such a strange object,” Luo Feng mused. “Due to special reasons that might put the universe at risk, life forms like Yuan Ao Master, Torch Smelting Master God, and Glorious Master God needed to be exterminated. But this black piece of wood is nothing but a dead object. How can it cause harm to the primal universe?”

However powerful a true treasure like Star Tower was, it would not be powerful enough to bring harm to the primal universe. This kept Luo Feng on his toes.

“Human kid,” Yuan Ao Master snorted at Luo Feng. His single eye was filled with smugness as he gloated over Luo Feng’s situation. “Regretting? Afraid? But too late. Out of the countless great beings of the primal universe, you are truly the first to have a taste of it. Don’t blame me if you lose your armor, wings, and weapons. Hahaha…!”

Suddenly, Yuan Ao Master roared, “Burn and destroy!”

He was using the same technique, which was also the only ultimate technique that Yuan Ao Master comprehended! The same scene unfolded. The glaring, magical, gigantic whirlpool of flames resembling a nebula whirlpool enshrouded Yuan Ao Master and added strength to his aura, which instantly skyrocketed.

“I’m not going to fool around any longer.” Luo Feng stared and executed his ultimate technique while shouting, “I Am the Universe!”

Hong!

Luo Feng’s godly body consumed his godly power at an unparalleled speed while the endless golden light that had been enveloping this part of the secret region suddenly changed… Chaotic airflow appeared to fill the air, drifting randomly and filling every space possible. At that instant, this ubiquitous presence changed the surroundings of an area with a diameter of one billion miles to a world of chaotic airflow.

“Chaotic airflow?” Yuan Ao Master laughed with great delight. “You are finally executing your ultimate technique. Great.”

“Great, my ass!” Luo Feng roared.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Within the gigantic, egg-like Miniature Universe, chaotic airflow was everywhere. In terms of power, the Miniature Universe was much stronger than Golden Kingdom! Luo Feng made use of this technique in one of his previous battles, so even though Master of Banff had the E Luo Sector… he still could not stop Luo Feng from forcefully massacring over 6,000 universe knights.

At this moment, Luo Feng shouted, “Miniature Universe empower! Golden Kingdom empower! Nine Tiger River, attack!”

Other than Star Tower being an ultimate technique, the three techniques—namely Miniature Universe (which was the shrinking of the universe), Golden Kingdom (which was the absolute control of time and space) and Nine Tiger River (which was the domain of a domain type true treasure)—were all techniques of different types, so they did not contradict or repel one another. Within a split second, the three superimposed over one another! With this superimposition, solely Golden Kingdom and Nine Tiger River were enough to take down Endless Flame, much less with the addition of the powerful Miniature Universe.

Hong! Long! Long!

A crushing force, and the vast, flaming domain surrounding Yuan Ao Master completely collapsed. Under the double empowerment of Miniature Universe and Golden Kingdom, Nine Tiger River had immeasurable power, allowing it to run rampant in its attacks.

Yuan Ao Master was roused into action.

“Hahaha! What a delight, but… you must still meet your doom!” Yuan Ao Master roared.

With a sudden crashing sound, his godly body started to expand. Within a split second, he reached a massive one million miles—the true size of his godly body.

A gigantic Yuan Ao Master one million miles tall was now grasping a piece of black godly wood that was also several million miles long. The endless power brought about by Burn and Destroy was completely gathered on this black godly wood, which brought about winding threads of black airflow.

Peng!

One straight blow!

From one fragmented end of the black godly wood, splinters flew directly to meet with the blow Luo Feng dealt!

That one blow… Even with double empowerment, Nine Tiger River was still crumbling under the impact inch by inch. Its waves parted to either side, as it was unable to ward off the endless firelight and the black airflow winding around the black godly wood. At that moment, the black godly wood was continuing to expand and lengthen… It crashed directly at Luo Feng.

“Miniature Universe, gather!” Luo Feng shouted.

Suddenly, the seemingly disorganized Miniature Universe’s chaotic airflow gathered around the Absolute Guest blade in Luo Feng’s right hand like a tornado. Wielding the power that he obtained after fusing whatever existing power he had with this endless chaotic airflow, Luo Feng slashed ruthlessly at the black godly wood that was charging towards him.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The power was sky high… Luo Feng was thrown back a couple thousand miles. It was the same situation for Yuan Ao Master, who was also forced to retreat a good couple of hundred miles because of the frightening impact of the collision.

“Impossible!” Yuan Ao Master’s single eye was filled with insanity as he looked at the godly wood in his hands. Letting out an uninhibited roar, he shouted, “Go and die!”

“You think I fear you?” said Luo Feng. “You are the one dying today!”

Luo Feng flapped his wings. Then, under the oppression of Miniature Universe, Golden Kingdom, and Nine Tiger River… he was completely on the winning end. In his grasp was Absolute Guest blade, which, together with the power gathered from Miniature Universe, dealt another ferocious blow with the determination to annihilate Yuan Ao Master with one swift slash.

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

Both exchanged blows at lightning speed. All the blows were executed at full force.

Suddenly, the vast Miniature Universe dispersed without a trace. The nine-second limit for maintaining one execution was up, and although he was able to continue maintaining its execution, Luo Feng did not feel like continuing with this battle.

“Yuan Ao Master is Yuan Ao Master,” said Luo Feng. “I salute you! I shall not stay any longer.”

With that, Luo Feng transformed into light and made a speedy escape. However, the surrounding space had been sealed much earlier. There was no way he could teleport.

“You want to leave? Dream on!” Yuan Ao Master roared his murderous intent to hunt Luo Feng down.

“Haha! You think you can catch up with me?” Luo Feng laughed out loud.

With the double obstruction posed by Golden Kingdom and Nine Tiger River, Yuan Ao Master’s speed was a far cry from that of Luo Feng’s.

Seeing Luo Feng escape, Yuan Ao Master was helpless. He was at his wits’ end. He had already realized that the aura of Luo Feng’s godly body was obviously weakened by one notch, and his guess was that Luo Feng might have lost one-tenth of his godly body! In his case, although he had executed his ultimate technique about a dozen times, the amount of his godly body consumed was merely two out of 1,000.

Continuing to fight under such a situation, he would definitely be able to exhaust Luo Feng to his death! What a pity that Luo Feng had Golden Kingdom to empower his Nine Tiger River…! Luo Feng held full control.

If Luo Feng had been able to fight, he would have, but if not, he would still dare to put up a struggle. However, it seemed to him that he might lose his life in the fight, so he made a speedy decision to escape.

“That human, Luo Feng!” shouted Yuan Ao Master. “Good for you that you are fast, but I don’t believe all the other universe masters of the Ancestral God School are equally fast. I shall wait here at my territory, and what can the Ancestral God School do to me?”

Yuan Ao Master let out a resounding roar, and during his roar, Luo Feng flew out of the area under sealed space. Within an instant, he had disappeared from sight.

“How could that Yuan Ao Master be that powerful, and what exactly is that black godly wood?”

Luo Feng was in one of the void spaces of the Yuan Ao secret region.

“In terms of technique,” said Luo Feng, “he loses to Star River Master by a great deal, but that godly wood… In terms of attack power, it does not lose out to Star River Master’s attack power. No wonder he mentioned earlier that he annihilated a universe master with a single blow at the Universe Ocean. I have already mobilized all three techniques—Golden Kingdom, Miniature Universe, and Nine Tiger River—and yet, I am still on the losing end.”

Luo Feng was consciously aware that he was not able to win. Even with Miniature Universe, Nine Tiger River, and Golden Kingdom, coupled with the Golden technique executed with Absolute Guest blade, the combined power was barely comparable to that of the second stage of Star Tower!

Using Star Tower was not a consuming process for his godly power, but Miniature Universe used up a good one-tenth of his godly body!

If I had not executed Miniature Universe just now, I would have been at an absolute disadvantage! thought Luo Feng. I would probably have been blown away from a distance, and my godly body would have sustained severe injuries.

With the empowerment of Miniature Universe, he was able to alleviate his disadvantage by a little.

Keeping each attack at maximum force, every execution would consume ten percent of my godly body. Just a few executions and I will be a goner.

Luo Feng shook his head in silence. Not a match.

Luo Feng flipped his hand and retrieved a golden token. “Ancestral God.”

“Luo Feng.”

“Ancestral God, Yuan Ao Master is a target, too!” said Luo Feng. “And he has a piece of black godly wood… which is also a target! The black godly wood is very powerful, and with Yuan Ao Master holding it, I am unable to ward off his attacks at all. To eradicate him is simply beyond my capabilities.”

“You have done well,” said Ancestral God. “When Yuan Ao Master utilized that black godly wood, I had already learned of its origins. The true origin lies with that Black Wood, I have already deployed Nine Remoteness Master and two other universe masters. They will be gathering at Redbud Island first. You should quickly head over to meet them. God Country Transportation will send you there right away.”

“Nine Remoteness Master?” Luo Fen repeated immediately. “I will leave right away to go meet them.”

Standing in void space with a cyan light by his side, Luo Feng’s soul servant operated God Country Transportation. From there, three figures were seen walking out.

The one in the lead was a middle-aged man garbed in a magnificent black robe. There were black engravings on his fair and pale face, and he exuded a devilish charm… He was different from Primal Chaos City Leader and different from Darkness Master. Throughout the universe, his existence was one that was terribly self-conceited and overweening with arrogance.

“Milky Way Horde Leader,” said this devilish, middle-aged man as he looked at Luo Feng to acknowledge his presence.

Luo Feng returned his greetings. “Nine Remoteness Master.”

The two looked at one another.

“Interesting,” said Nine Remoteness Master. “This young fellow I encountered back then has become so powerful in the twinkling of an eye.” He turned behind and said, “You should know these two beside me.”

Luo Feng took one look and smiled. “This must be You Nan Master from the Thorn Ring Alliance, and this must be Anaconda Master from the Ancestral God School.”

Through the virtual universe, he had already read up on the more renowned universe masters from various top powers within the universe. It was a natural reaction to memorize some prominent information about these numerous universe masters so he could at least know what some of these universe masters were skilled in. In times of battle, such information would enable him to be well-prepared and to know what to be cautious about.

“That’s right.” Nine Remoteness Master nodded. “These two here are also peripheral members of the Ancestral God School and belong to my Nine Remoteness branch. You are also one of my Nine Remoteness Branch, so the four of us are actually closely related.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader.” You Nan Master and Anaconda Master greeted at the same time.

You Nan Master was a bald man with bone wings, while Anaconda Master was a giant boa constrictor whose godly body took the form of a winding spiral and had flashing mirages all about its surroundings. Both looked toward Luo Feng with kind intentions.

“Nice to meet you both,” Luo Feng said with a smile.

Nine Remoteness Master nodded and said, “This concerns matters pertaining to Yuan Ao Master. We of the Nine Remoteness branch will be appearing as representatives of the Ancestral God School.”


Chapter 1148: Nine Remoteness, Ocean Eye

“Ancestral God School?” Luo Feng sensed something. “Nine Remoteness Master, have powers outside the Ancestral God School come?”

“Yes.” Nine Remoteness Master nodded.

You Nan Master had his bone wing open, but he had a gentle voice as he said, “Not just Ancestral God School. All the powers that have universe supreme masters will send universe masters here. All the superpowers in the universe might send universe masters here.”

Anaconda Master had a hoarse voice. “We have Milky Way Horde Leader to lead us,” he said, “and we can arrive there as quickly as possible using god country transportation. Other powers might need some more time. After all, it’s a place that belongs to Yuan Ao Master, and only a few left keepsakes there.”

“Why are they coming?” Luo Feng couldn’t help asking.

“Because they know that strange object,” answered You Nan Master.

“How?”

“Strange objects can only be born in the three lands of extremis,” said You Nan Master. “They all look natural—like wood or grass. They’re all naturally bred, and they’re all powerful. They are the closest to supreme true treasures. Also, there’s one difference between them and supreme true treasures. For supreme true treasures, the users need to study the mysteries behind them to wield their power, and if they can’t, supreme true treasures won’t wield their real power.”

Luo Feng nodded. He was only able to use the second level of Star Tower, but the second level of Star Tower was already mighty enough.

“Strange objects are different,” You Nan Master continued gently. “There are no engravings on strange objects, and any great being is able to wield their maximum power. Supreme true treasures not fully utilized are at the same level as strange objects. Only supreme true treasures fully utilized can overpower strange objects. You can imagine how precious they are.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The pinnacle set true treasure that Double-Face Ancestral God used and the pinnacle true treasure maces that Star River Master used were both inferior to that strange object. Even the second level of Star Tower was barely at the same level as that black wood, and the black wood could be wielded at its strongest immediately. Who wouldn’t want that?

“However, there’s a downside to strange objects,” said You Nan Master. “They are rejected by the universe. Both the original universe and miniature universe rejected strange objects. It seems the strange objects can affect the stability of the universe origin once they’re in one. They seem to be aligned naturally against the universe origin.”

Luo Feng now understood. Naturally against the universe origin… No wonder Ancestral God said something harmful to the original universe was going on here.

“Unfortunately for Yuan Ao Master, he’s a loner,” said You Nan Master. “Although he’s free to be a loner, nobody shares secrets with him. Besides, it’s rare that strange objects are born, so even for me, I just learned the secret from Ancestral God.” He smiled. “Yuan Ao Master doesn’t know that the black wood is rejected by the original universe, which is why he brought it back to the original universe. It’s okay that he doesn’t use it, but if he uses it, the power from that black wood clashes with the universe origin. Other great beings aren’t able to sense that, but universe supreme masters can clearly sense the existence of that black object.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“That black wood can’t be brought back to the original universe,” continued You Nan Master, “but most of the great beings adventure in Universe Ocean, which is why they keep the black wood in Universe Ocean and preserve them all by themselves. Apparently, they are already second-class supreme true treasures, how can the powers not go mad for them? The universe supreme masters will come here by themselves if they don’t know that other powers know about this secret.”

Luo Feng now fully understood the story.

“It’s been a long time since Yuan Ao brought that strange object back,” said Nine Remoteness Master slowly. “That strange object is rejected by the original universe, and the power merges with his body, which is why the original universe starts to reject him. This time, Yuan Ao Master needs to be eradicated as well.”

Luo Feng was shocked. “Merge with his body?”

“Strange objects are special, evil, and powerful,” said Nine Remoteness Master. “Few great beings are able to resist their temptation.”

“Who can resist a second-hand supreme true treasure?” Both You Nan Master and Anaconda Master exclaimed.

Luo Feng nodded. It was almost impossible to get a supreme true treasure, and no universe masters in the universe were known to have supreme true treasures, not even Primal Chaos City Leader and Star River Master. Even some supreme masters didn’t have supreme true treasures! Who didn’t want a strange object that was only slightly inferior to a supreme true treasure?

“They’re nothing to me.” Nine Remoteness Master shook his head and smiled. “Every time I fight, I’m prepared for my bodies to die, so I don’t carry any important true treasures.”

Luo Feng was unable to suppress a laugh.

“Let’s go,” said Nine Remoteness Master. “Our Ancestral God School is the quickest, and it’ll take around half a day for the other powers to arrive. I’ll deal with that Yuan Ao Master, and I’ll see how powerful that Yuan Ao Master can be with that strange object.”

“Let’s go.”

“Sure.”

Luo Feng smiled. “I haven’t seen Nine Remoteness Master attack.”

Sou!

The four supreme beings disappeared.

Four beings stood in the space and looked at the 12 floating continents.

“How can we get him to come?” asked You Nan Master.

The easiest way is to use godly power to cause an explosion on one of the continents, and then Yuan Ao Master would come. However, You Nan Master and the others were all of high status, and they wouldn’t do such a thing if those ordinary lives didn’t mess with them.

“Leave it to me,” said Luo Feng.

Shua!

Luo Feng opened his wings. Boundless golden light permeated, and a golden space with a radius of 18 light years was formed. It was Golden Country. The Golden Country enveloped all the 12 continents, which made Nine Remoteness Master and the others look to Luo Feng in shock. Such a large area! Even a top-tier domain type true treasure couldn’t cover such a vast area.

“Yuan Ao!” shouted Luo Feng. “Yuan Ao! Yuan Ao! Yuan Ao! Yuan Ao! Yuan Ao! Yuan Ao…!”

Luo Feng’s voice blasted throughout every inch of space on the 12 continents, and all the lives on the continents were terrified.

A roar.

“Human Luo Feng!”

A flame flew out of a continent, and he arrived at a space only a million kilometers away from Luo Feng and the others.

“You still dare to come?” The towering Yuan Ao Master’s eyes were glinting with madness. He sneered and said, “No wonder Milky Way Horde Leader still dares to come. He has helpers now! I’ll see who they are. Oh, two nobodies. Wait… Isn’t this Nine Remoteness Master? The mighty and well-known Nine Remoteness Master. Nine Remoteness, are you going to battle me with those three? I won’t care.”

Nine Remoteness Master looked to him. “Don’t worry, I myself am enough.”

“I admit that you’re incredible and have a boundless godly body,” said Yuan Ao Master. “I’d rather deal with Primal Chaos City Leader and Star River Master than you. And I certainly won’t confront you if I don’t have the strange object. However, I’m not afraid you right now.” Yuan Ao Master laughed. “I’m not even afraid of universe supreme masters.”

“Really?” Nine Remoteness Master moved, and the space around him was completely sealed.

“Come.” The forceful black wood showed up in Yuan Ao Master’s face, and the sole eye was glinting with madness.

Luo Feng, You Nan Master, and Anaconda Master were all watching.

Nine Remoteness Master dashed at Yuan Ao Master like a trace of light and screamed.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Nine Remoteness master turned into an ocean, and the water charged at Yuan Ao Master. Meanwhile, Yuan Ao Master performed his supreme technique “Burn.”

Hong! Long! Long!

The water was churning and formed a huge ocean whirlpool, covering Yuan Ao Master.

“Nine Remoteness, Ocean Eye,” said You Nan Master.

Luo Feng held his breath.

“Nine Remoteness, Ocean Eye” was a legendary supreme technique, and it could only be performed by Nine Remoteness Master.

Hong! Long! Long!

The ocean formed a giant whirlpool, and it expanded. All of a sudden, it was like a star exploding, and it shrank to the size of a neutron. The whirlpool shrank, and the godly power exploded! It was a technique at the cost of self-destruction. Luo Feng knew that as well.

Miniature universe! Of course, Luo Feng’s technique was an inherited technique, while the one Nine Remoteness Ocean used was created by him based on the characteristic of Nine Remoteness Ocean.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The whirlpool shrank to the size of an earthling’s fist before it was completely gone. Yuan Ao Master, who was only the size of a fist, looked horrendous. The power from the whirlpool had turned the space around it into particles, and the particles were like water in a huge pot. Everything went away.

Yuan Ao Master returned to the original size after that.

Luo Feng looked forward to wielding that after becoming a universe master!


Chapter 1149: Being Trampled On

Yuan Ao Master who shrank into the size of a fist, then suddenly underwent explosive growth. At the same time, he let out crazy and wild laughter.

“Hahaha! Nine Remoteness, the legendary Nine Remoteness! Fearsome Nine Remoteness… His legendary ultimate technique ‘Nine Remoteness Ocean Eye’ is famous throughout the Universe Ocean. Many top powers are afraid of it. But I have the godly wood! Nine Remoteness poses no threat to me at all. Haha… In the primal universe, the universe supreme beings’ powers can only be so strong —at the very most, slightly higher than Nine Remoteness’s legendary ultimate technique. Who can take me down? Bring it on, human! Luo Feng, You Nan, Anaconda! You three fellows, come here… Let me trample on you.”

With a stern expression, You Nan Master said, “Let’s go.”

Luo Feng nodded, and Anaconda Master also gave a slight nod with its gigantic snake’s head.

Sou!

They transformed into light and flew away at high speed. With the large, black godly wood in his hands, Yuan Ao Master stood within the void space as he looked at the three beams of light escaping. He let out unrestrained and wild laughter.

“Escaping is all you are capable of? Haha! Ancestral God School! Haha! You are unable to do anything to a universe supreme being. I have this godly wood; its power is almost the same as a universe supreme being. I am not afraid of you. Haha…!”

Afar, the three beams of light made their way out of the sealed space of that domain and immediately vanished from sight.

Within the quiet void space of Yuan Ao Secret Region, a continuous, mountainous region hovered in midair. And within this mountainous region, there was a waterfall. Luo Feng, You Nan Master, and Anaconda Master stood by the pond beneath the waterfall.

Hua!

A dim ray of light appeared, and a lone figure walked out. It was Nine Remoteness Master in his magnificent black robe.

“Nine Remoteness Master,” Luo Feng, You Nan Master, and Anaconda Master all said, looking over.

“Very powerful.” Nine Remoteness Master shook his head and said, “My strongest technique, together with a self-destruction attack. If he did not have that godly wood, my attacks would give him severe injuries. However, he was able to rely on the black godly wood to ward off my attacks and retaliate. This rendered 90 percent of my attacks useless, as he could easily ward them off. From how I see it, the attacks earlier on only made him lose one 1/1,000th of his godly body.”

Luo Feng, You Nan Master, and Anaconda Master fell into momentary silence.

Being able to cause Yuan Ao Master to lose 1/1,000th of his godly body was considered quite a feat. Previously, when Luo Feng had fought against Yuan Ao Master, he had not been able to hurt him at all; on the contrary, Yuan Ao Master might have consumed some of his godly body, but that was because he chose to execute his strongest technique, which caused him to use up some of his godly power. If Yuan Ao Master were to execute his ultimate technique with the empowerment of the black godly wood, he might be at a disadvantage, but there was no doubt he could ward off Luo Feng’s attacks without consuming his godly body.

“Nine Remoteness, within the primal universe, in terms of attack techniques, probably only a universe supreme being can surpass you,” Anaconda Master said.

“If even you are unable to,” You Nan Master said, “what can we do?”

Luo Feng was also frowning. Since becoming Milky Way Horde Leader, Luo Feng would engage in idle chats occasionally with his teacher, Primal Chaos City Leader, to obtain a deeper understanding of the powers of universe masters. Based on what he already knew, universe masters could be categorized into the levels of elementary, ordinary, pinnacle, and top-tier.

To be considered top-tier, one’s life gene level, true treasures, and techniques had to reach the pinnacle stage. Numerous existences in the universe, like Ice Mountain Master and Void Gold Master, could all be pulled into this category. However, Star River Master, Primal Chaos City Leader, Nine Remoteness Master, and a few others were the cream of the crop and were more outstanding than the rest.

For instance, Star River Master’s technique had achieved the perfect combination of two supreme techniques. As for Nine Remoteness Master, every time he divided out another body, its life gene level would likely only be able to reach 1,000 times, but as for the supreme technique that he could execute… Once he self-destructed, he was able to converge all the energy of his entire godly being to bring about a mass explosion in an instant! The explosive surge in power was certainly alarming.

That was why Star River Master, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Nine Remoteness Master were considered the cream of the crop—and could be regarded as the most powerful universe masters within the universe today!

Of course, Nine Remoteness Master’s flaws were obvious. Each body could only execute its most powerful attack once. Once execution was completed, another body would be required. God Country Transportation would then send another one. By that time, the enemy would have long fled the scene. So, relatively speaking, Star River Master and Primal Chaos City Leader were more intimidating.

Primal Chaos City Leader’s supreme technique’s sustainability was not as good as that of Star River Master, while Star River Master’s godly body remained a mystery. All that was known was that he could execute his supreme technique repeatedly and sustain it for a long time. Naturally, this made Star River Master a tad stronger than Primal Chaos City Leader when it came to being a deterrent force in the vast universe.

Above the rank of a supreme universe master was the universe supreme being!

The primal universe had a strong binding force over the powers of supreme universe beings, and all of them were under this constraint, allowing the powers that these universe supreme beings unleashed to be a notch stronger than those of Star River Master and Primal Chaos City Leader. That was all! Of course, their merits were obvious, too… They could repeatedly and continuously execute a technique without having to worry about consumption of their godly bodies because the amount of godly body being used up would be nowhere near the limit designated to a universe supreme being.

“In a head-on battle, no one within this primal universe would be able to kill Yuan Ao Master,” Nine Remoteness Master said.

“What can we do?”

“The few of us will not be able to shoulder the weight of this responsibility.”

Nine Remoteness Master’s eyes scanned the crowd of three, including Luo Feng. Then he said, “Hold it! Let’s continue this conversation when the others have arrived.”

“Right.”

“That’s all we can do, for now.”

The first to arrive was Sea Lotus Master from the bug clan. The number of universe masters in the bug clan was pathetic, but every single universe master wielded a power that was so frighteningly strong. Universe masters of the bug clan… even the weakest one was of a pinnacle level. They were not only skilled in soul type techniques like creating illusions but could also rely on the bug soldiers under their command to execute material techniques, which were not easy to deal with.

Hong! Long! Long!

An area in space collapsed. Space particles rolled about like countless grains of sand in an endless stream. A dazzling golden Mother Nest was suspended in void space, surrounded by 1,000 strong and burly bug soldiers. Every one of them exuded staggering power and could be regarded as top-tier universe overlords. Under the control of the consciousness of a universe master, this power would be even more intense.

Hua!

Innumerable blades converged and swept across the vast sky.

Yuan Ao Master stood at a towering height of one million miles. “Hahaha, Sea Lotus… it’s futile. All those techniques of yours are completely useless.”

His hand still held the black godly wood that was a few million miles long. It swept across the void space in a frenzied manner, crushing anything in its way. It was unstoppable and met blows dealt by the bug soldiers head-on, blocking off the bug soldiers repeatedly.

From afar, Nine Remoteness Master, Luo Feng, Anaconda Master, and You Nan Master watched the fight as bystanders.

Sea Lotus Master’s escape technique was resolute. When he knew he could not beat Yuan Ao Master, he was quick to flee the battlefield after gathering his bug soldier warriors. Thereafter, he joined Nine Remoteness Master and company.

“Nine Remoteness, you did not help me,” lamented Sea Lotus Master —a captivating beauty with frail wings that lightly trembling and pretty eyes looking at Nine Remoteness Master.

“You saw how powerful he was,” Nine Remoteness Master said, shaking his head. “There was no way I could help you.”

“What are you Ancestral God School fellows prepared to do?” Sea Lotus Master asked.

“How about you all from the bug clan?” Nine Remoteness Master rebuked.

“I have to report everything to our Queen, then wait and see. Our Queen is the one who decides what should be done.”

Nine Remoteness Master laughed. “We shall wait and see, then.”

When the various top powers reached the Yuan Ao Secret Region, those who immediately went to confront Yuan Ao Master suffered great losses. Fortunately, universe supreme beings of the various top powers knew that Yuan Ao Master had a strange object, so the universe masters they sent forth were not the strongest in power. Rather, they were extremely skilled in life-saving techniques, so not one being was annihilated.

A battle raged in the midst of the void space. It was a fight in which Sky Wolf Master and You Mo Master from the demon clan joined forces to fight Yuan Ao Master.

“Haha! Look. Sky Wolf Master and You Mo Master are here.”

“The two of them alone are life forms that would be trampled on.”

“Haha!” laughed Yuan Ao Master. “Sky Wolf. You Mo. The two of you want to fight me? What’s your worth?”

Yuan Ao Master held onto his black godly wood and stood as a towering figure in the midst of the void space like an undefeatable entity, seeking attention wildly and with no inhibitions. The black godly wood in his hands would occasionally exhibit a sudden immense growth, which was when he would wield it in a frenzied manner, slashing about insanely.

Yuan Ao Master was aware that he could not possibly kill all these fellows with their hidden trump cards. As such, he could not be bothered using his supreme technique. Every single attack was only a display of his ultimate technique. With Yuan Ao Master’s massive godly body, he could rely on it to naturally replenish all that he had consumed from the use of his ultimate technique. No matter how long a fight was, he would never feel the toil.

“Haha! Using my ultimate technique, I could trample on both of you.”

Yuan Ao Master waved his black godly wood once again, and for the next few moments, either Sky Wolf Master could be seen being hurled away or You Mo Master could be seen retreating in midair.

Sky Wolf Master and You Mo Master were in a rage.

“Bastard!”

“Loathsome Yuan Ao…!”

They had both realized that while they were exchanging blows with Yuan Ao Master, the commotion had attracted a group of onlookers who watched comfortably from afar without lifting a helping hand. The group included universe masters such as Nine Remoteness Master, Sea Lotus Master, and Golden Horned Master, who represented the Ancestral God School, the bug clan, and the Space Beast Alliance respectively. Sky Wolf Master and You Mo Master wanted to salvage some dignity!

Initially, Yuan Ao Master’s power was comparable to theirs, so even if he were to use his ultimate technique to fight them, he would still be able to surpass them by a notch without breaking a sweat! But now, with that black godly wood in hand, he was trampling them without reservations.

“We are not going to fight on further.”

“Nine Remoteness Master and company must have failed to gain any benefits, either. Let’s go.”

“Let’s go.”

The moment Sky Wolf Master and You Mo Master came to a decision, they immediately acted. The next moment, Sky Wolf Master returned to his Sky Wolf Palace while You Mo Master transformed into an endless black airflow and made a speedy departure.

In the middle of the void space, Yuan Ao Master let out hearty laughter. “Hahaha… I have driven away the Ancestral God School, the bug clan, the Space Beast Alliance, and the demons. I know all of you want this godly wood, but with me holding on to it, you can covet it all you want. Even bringing a universe supreme being here would be pointless. Hahaha…”

Time flew by, and batches of great beings came. Various top powers within the universe had arrived, but every single batch met the fate of being trampled on. Eventually, they would all flock to Nine Remoteness Master and company, where previous groups had gathered.

“Humph.” Sky Wolf Master, who was pitch-black from head to toe, looked at the human form of Luo Feng in the distance. With four hooves suspended in midair above a mountain peak in the secret region, his eyes flashed with a trace of ferocious hostility as he shouted, “Human Luo Feng!”

Sitting cross-legged on a rock, Luo Feng seemed to sense his glare from afar and looked over. His eyes met those of Sky Wolf Master.

“Sky Wolf.” Luo Feng gave a light-hearted laugh, then he turned around and no longer bothered himself with Sky Wolf Master.

Luo Feng’s eyes scanned his surroundings. Whether standing, sitting cross-legged, or sprawling on the ground a ways away, the various universe masters from different races and clans were all getting suspicious.

Strange. Why are the universe masters representing humanity still not here? Of all the top powers, only the automaton clan and the human race are missing representatives. I need to ask Teacher! Right away, Luo Feng connected to the virtual universe with his consciousness.


Chapter 1150: Seal

In the virtual universe, Luo Feng went to Thunder Island to visit Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng saw a golden-caped being the second he arrived.

Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “Luo Feng, why are you here?”

“I’ve been waiting for the universe masters of us humans in Yuan Ao Secret Region, but I didn’t see any of them, and that’s why I’m here,” answered Luo Feng.

“Yuan Ao Secret Region?” Primal Chaos City Leader looked confused. “Why are you in Yuan Ao Secret Region? And why are you waiting for the universe masters of us humans? What do you mean? Are you saying they should be there?” Primal Chaos City Leader was confused, but he realized that something was going on.

Luo Feng was dazed. “Didn’t Huge Axe Founder give an order?”

The universe masters of the superpowers in the universe had arrived except for those from automaton race and the human race. Theoretically, universe supreme masters would stay in the territory of their race, as they were the most intimidating and greatest power. Even if they went to Universe Ocean, they would come back soon. After all, universe supreme masters were pretty efficient in fighting and killing, so they usually stayed within their races’ territories.

“Huge Axe is not in the race now, he’s in Universe Ocean,” said Primal Chaos City Leader solemnly. “What happened? Tell me.”

“This is the case. Double-Face Ancestral God came to find me…” Luo Feng elaborated on what happened. He finished in no time. “Only the automaton race and the human race are missing in Yuan Ao Secret Region,” said Luo Feng.

“A strange object?”

Primal Chaos City Leader was shocked. The human race wouldn’t have known if Luo Feng hadn’t told him. After all, the powers of the universe wouldn’t leak the news. They wanted as few powers there as possible.

“Fortunately, we have you now.” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled.

“Teacher, what should we do?” asked Luo Feng.

“This is not just a power struggle,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “That strange object is rejected by the original universe! Which is why the owner, Yuan Ao Master, is also rejected by the original universe, so even universe supreme masters who kill him won’t be punished.”

Luo Feng was surprised.

“Besides,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “If we get the strange object out of the original universe, we’ll make contributions. Like us humans, if we make a contribution, the original universe will favor us in a short period of time, and the universe energies beneficial to us humans will be improved. As a result, human babies born during that period will have more potential. Everyone knows that it’s impossible for one power to own it, so what you’re going to do is to take your uncle Ice Mountain and ask him to pair with you. You and your uncle will be enough.”

“Sure.” Luo Feng nodded.

Ice Mountain Master. He was one of the three disciples of Teacher Origin, and all the three disciples of Teacher Origins were incredible. Ice Mountain Master might have been slightly weaker than Primal Chaos City Leader, but the gap wasn’t significant.

After all, he was a disciple of Teacher Origin!

In a remote territory of Yuan Ao Secret Region, a green light shone from a rock of the mountain range.

Luo Feng and a silver man with bloody armor and a bloody blade flew together, and the moment that silver-haired man showed up, he attracted the attention of all the supreme beings on the mountains.

“Ice Mountain Master.”

“You’re here, Ice Mountain.”

“The human race sent Ice Mountain and Luo Feng?” Immediately, the spotlight was on Ice Mountain Master.

Ice Mountain Master glanced around and nodded at the great beings he was familiar with, like Nine Remoteness Master, Golden Horn Master, and Canthus Devil Master.

Ice Mountain Master… He was a disciple of Teacher Origin! He had great power! Nine Remoteness Master could only use his supreme technique once with one of his bodies, but Ice Mountain Master could use his supreme technique continuously, even though that technique was slightly weaker. He was an incredible universe master.

The great beings arrived one after another. Soon, the nine superpowers had all arrived, except the automaton race. Even the Nine Territory Alliance sent two universe masters! The Nine Territory Alliance shouldn’t have known it, but it seemed they had been informed by a lone universe supreme master.

“Nine Territory Alliance.”

“Flame Emperor and Jue Feng Master.”

“Why’re they here? The Nine Territory Alliance isn’t a superpower. Though they have more than ten universe masters as well, they don’t have a universe supreme master. Did some lone universe supreme master tell them?”

The other eight powers were all confused and looked to the two in the distance. Flame Emperor was built with scales on his body and had a horn on his head. He emanated power. As for the other one, it was a strange beast with a rocky body and looked like a lion with nine heads. The eyes on his heads were scanning his surroundings. He was Jue Feng Master, and he was at Flame Emperor’s level.

The Nine Territory Alliance was a second-class power, but the universe masters sent were both powerful, at least more powerful than Sky Wolf Master and You Mo Master. Flame Emperor! Jue Feng Master! They were both top-tier universe masters!

“Flame Emperor!” Ice Mountain Master glanced at him and snorted. “You dare to come where we humans are!”

“Why not?” Flame Emperor glared at Ice Mountain Master.

“I would definitely crush you if the other powers were not here,” Ice Mountain Master said.

He was being extremely hostile, and Flame Emperor glared at him. Ice Mountain Master was the first one to become infuriated when everyone learned that Flame Emperor had betrayed the humans.

Ice Mountain Master took out his blade, and Flame Emperor resorted to fleeing with his Force Armor! Even after an infinity of time, Flame Emperor knew that he was weaker than Ice Mountain Master, so he could only promise himself, “Humph! Someday I’ll outpower you and make you annihilate in the universe.”

“Flame Emperor,” said another voice.

Flame Emperor turned his head around and smiled. “Oh? This must be the peerless genius, Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng.”

“I’m surprised to see you here, Flame Emperor,” whispered Luo Feng.

“Haha… My Nine Territory Alliance shouldn’t have known,” Flame Emperor laughed. “However, Sitting Mountain Guest instructed us to come here. It’s our honor to work for Sitting Mountain Guest.”

This surprised Luo Feng. Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest?

All the other powers were shocked, too. “Sitting Mountain Guest?”

All the lone universe supreme masters were handfuls, while Sitting Mountain Guest was the most difficult one to deal with. He rarely fought other great beings, but the special skills he had were already enough to drive the powers crazy.

Sitting Mountain Guest was connected to lots of superpowers. He had a good relationship with the Nine Territory Alliance, and lots of powers speculated that Sitting Mountain Guest was connected to Flame Emperor as Sitting Mountain Guest publicly helped Flame Emperor several times. Sitting Mountain Guest was close to the Ancestral God School as well.

“It’s been a long time.” Nine Remoteness Master looked around. “The automaton race still hasn’t arrived. It seems Father God is in his universe and doesn’t know about it. We won’t wait!”

“Okay.”

“We’ll wait no more.”

The powers here still regarded the Ancestral God School as their leader, and the Ancestral God School was represented by Nine Remoteness Master. Actually, the other powers all assumed Father God was staying in the universe of the automaton race.

“There are nine powers here,” said Nine Remoteness Master. “I think everyone is aware of the power of Yuan Ao Master. Everyone, give a suggestion of how to deal with it.”

The universe masters spoke up.

“Yuan Ao Master has a strange object, which puts him at the same level of Star River Master. In the original universe, even universe supreme masters can’t kill him, let alone us. What should we do?”

“We can’t kill.”

“There’s no other way.”

“There’s only one way.”

“That’s right.”

“Only that move.”

All the universe masters nodded.

Nine Remoteness Master nodded. “It seems everyone’s reached a consensus. It’s impossible to kill Yuan Ao Master directly. There’s only one way. Seal him! Seal him and send him to an individual universe. Then we’ll kill him.”

All the powers nodded.

Luo Feng understood as well. It was difficult to kill even ordinary universe masters—except for universe masters like Star River Master and Yuan Ao Master while wielding the piece of black wood. As for those more powerful or those with great true treasures, even universe masters like Star River Master found it difficult to kill them. For universe masters like Star River Master, and even those like Ice Mountain Master, it was impossible for universe supreme masters to kill them.

What could they do? Seal them!

It might be impossible to kill them, but it was possible to suppress them and suck them into a sealing type true treasure. It was impossible for a universe supreme master to break a top-tier sealing type true treasure.

Then they would be sent to places like the primal universe. Primal Chaos City Leader was invincible in the primal universe and was able to kill even a universe supreme master using the primal universe origin, not to mention Yuan Ao Master.


Chapter 1151: Black Universe Creator

“The only way to stop Yuan Ao Master is to seal him,” said Nine Remoteness Master to all the other universe masters. “However, Yuan Ao Master isn’t stupid. He must be alert, as he knows this is the only way to kill him, so he won’t just let us seal him. We need a plan to do that.”

“I have a pinnacle domain type true treasure, and it can cover an area of tens of square light years. It’ll be impossible for Yuan Ao Master to escape.”

“I have a seal type true treasure, and it’s top-tier level. It can seal him.”

All the universe masters voiced their opinions and announced their true treasures. All tried their best, as they all knew that the “strange object” was rejected by the original universe, and once Yuan Ao Master was killed and the strange object was driven out of the original universe, they would be bestowed based on their contribution.

“How impressive,” whispered Luo Feng.

No wonder they were the representatives from all the superpowers. Three of them had pinnacle domain type true treasures. They were Golden Horn Master, Sea Lotus Master, and Cantus Devil Master… As for the pinnacle seal type true treasure, it was carried by Ice Mountain Master.

After a while…

“Good.” Nine Remoteness Master nodded. “The plan is made! And we’ll follow the plan. However, Yuan Ao Master isn’t stupid. We need to be careful.”

“Okay.”

“Of course.”

“Don’t worry, Nine Remoteness.”

All the universe masters answered.

“Your plan sounds good, but are you sure you can seal that Yuan Ao Master, even with all of you?” A cold voice resounded in the space, which attracted all the universe masters.

Luo Feng looked into the distance… In the space, an ineffable force arrived! The mighty willpower made all the universe masters feel pressured.

“It’s a universe supreme master,” said Ice Mountain Master.

“Which supreme master is it?” asked Nine Remoteness Master.

Hua!

The blurry being became clearer. It was someone in human form wearing black armor. The black armor was engulfed in fire, and a huge phantom stood behind it in the space. There were stars in the phantom, as if it were a universe in itself.

“Black Universe!”

“Black Universe Creator!”

“It’s him.”

“He’s wearing a supreme true treasure, ‘Black Universe Armor.’”

All the universe masters felt pressured by the sudden arrival of this great being, Black Universe Creator.

Luo Feng gazed at Black Universe Creator as well. This was Black Universe Creator? Based on the information he had gathered, Black Universe Creator was a fire life form. That golden fire was bright and heated, but the phantom behind it was dark and cold, which was the opposite of the golden fire.

“Is this the supreme true treasure ‘Black Universe Armor’?” Luo Feng looked carefully and saw seemingly ordinary black armor, which sometimes merged with the golden flame-like liquid but sometimes showed itself.

A fiery head showed up in the golden flame and said, “I have a suggestion. I’ll be in charge of attacking Yuan Ao Master, and you’ll help me trap him in the seal type true treasure. I’m a lone universe supreme master, and I don’t lead any powers or territories, so you don’t need to worry about me taking advantages.”

The universe masters all went silent.

“What do you want?” asked Nine Remoteness Master.

“I want that strange object,” said the golden flame. “Don’t worry, I’m not trying to seize it. Instead, I’m willing to trade for it. I can give you some pinnacle true treasures to have that strange object! There’s only one strange object, and you can’t divide it. You might just give that to me, and I’ll give you the true treasures.”

“What do you think?” Nine Remoteness Master glanced around.

Silence.

After a while, Sea Lotus Master said, “Now that Black Universe Creator has shown up, we of the bug race have no problem with that.”

“The Northern Territory Alliance has no problem.”

“The Prison race has no problem.”

“The Human race has no problem,” said Ice Mountain Master.

Even those universe masters who were reluctant agreed in the end. It wasn’t that they agreed personally, but the universe supreme masters behind them agreed. This already had to do with the universe supreme masters in the universe, and now, even Black Universe Creator himself was willing to show up alone… only for a strange object. It was a fair trade.

They didn’t need to upset that universe supreme master! After all, nobody was willing to offend a universe supreme master. Beings like Yuan Ao Master might be sealed, but no powers were able to seal a universe supreme master.

“I’ll control an area of space, and with your domain type true treasures, Yuan Ao Master will have a reduced chance to run away,” said Black Universe Creator. “Of course, if he runs beforehand, I won’t be able to track him. Then I’ll need to ask the Ancestral God School for help. The Ancestral God School should be able to locate him easily.”

“Sure.” Nine Remoteness Master nodded.

They would not be able to locate Yuan Ao Master, but they could locate that strange object. Before Yuan Ao Master took out that black wood, the Ancestral God School found out that something was wrong with his area and sent Luo Feng. After he took the black wood out, he was targeted!

Yuan Ao Secret Region.

One towering being after another—crawling type life forms, rock life forms, and blood and flesh type life forms—showed up ten light years away from the 12 continents, and their leader was the forceful golden flame giant that dissipated the universe origin law.

“Let’s go,” said Black Universe Creator.

Hua!

A towering being showed up in the sky outside Towering Continent.

“Lock!” said Black Universe Creator.

Hong! Long!

An area of 100 square light years was sealed, and the space constraint surged.

“I’ve locked that Yuan Ao Master,” said Black Universe Creator. “You can attack now.”

“Endless Light Domain!”

Golden Horn Master from the Space Beast Alliance opened his huge wing, and an endless light domain with a radius of 80 light years showed up. It was gleaming with white light, and everyone present was able to sense the power from the light.

“Incredible Golden Horn Master.” Luo Feng took a glimpse. “He doesn’t know that I’m Golden Mountain Knight.”

Hong!

A towering being flew out of Towering Continent, and he was holding a giant black wood. He looked up and roared, “I can’t believe you’ll fight together for a strange object. You’re from the superpowers in the original universe. Ah! A universe supreme master! I wouldn’t fear any of you if I fought you one on one. But now that you’re fighting together, I’ll flee.”

Yuan Ao Master roared.

Hong! Long!

He stepped on the space, and the space turned into particles. He went into the space interlayers directly. There were countless space shatters in the space interlayers.

Yuan Ao Master roared and traveled into the space interlayers. However, Endless Light Domain went into the space interlayers as well.

“Let’s go.”

The golden-flame giant took a step, and the space cracked. He went in, too.

Flame Emperor tore the space with his right hand and stepped into the crack. “Don’t even think about running, Yuan Ao Master!”

“Let’s go, Luo Feng,” said Ice Mountain Master, and he and Luo Feng slashed the space and went into the space interlayers.

The universe masters present were all powerful, and they went into the space interlayers easily.

The deeper it was in the space interlayers, the more powerful the space flood was, and the space shatters were able to kill even some universe knights.

However… All those universe masters were much stronger than universe knights, and they weren’t afraid of the space shatters at all.

Hua! Hua!

They all flew into the space interlayers.

Hou!

Golden Horn Master’s wing hit all the space shatters and annihilated them. To him, they were as weak was drops of water.

Luo Feng turned into a beam of golden light. He was performing Golden Light, and with his Shi Wu Wing, he was incredibly fast, as well.

Black Universe Creator was the fastest out of all the great beings chasing Yuan Ao Master, but even the slowest among them was much faster than Yuan Ao Master. For one thing, Yuan Ao Master was bound by the pinnacle domain type true treasures. For another, Black Universe Creator was pressuring him by using his control over space and time.

Yuan Ao Master was ridiculously slow under the double effect of the pressure, and he was caught up with very quickly.

“Finally,” said Yuan Ao Master. He looked furious, but he was actually looking forward to it. “I’ve been planning this for a long time and waiting for all the powers, and now, they’ve all arrived. However, I didn’t expect Black Universe Creator to come… Regardless, it doesn’t change my plan. Just come. You’re all supreme beings of the original universe, but you’re all encircling me! Shameless!”

Yuan Master fled while roaring.


Chapter 1152: The Legacy of Xuan Yuan

“If this is a one-on-one fight, none of you will be able to do anything to me. Just for this godly wood, all of you have joined efforts to attack me. This brazen behavior is simply shocking.”

Yuan Ao Master went on a rampage. In that vast space filled with waves, he crashed and sent gigantic pieces of debris flying about at extremely high speeds while roaring his rage to vent his anger.

Yet no matter how angry he was, there was Black Universe Creator controlling a part of time and space, and Golden Horn Master executing his pinnacle domain type true treasure Endless Light Domain. Both combined caused Yuan Ao Master’s speed to be extremely slow.

Following behind them, Black Universe Creator and universe masters of the top nine powers were making their way over in a formidable array.

“Curse! Curse all you want now. You are going to be annihilated right away!”

“What a pathetic fellow.”

“Who can he blame? He was always alone. How would he have known that strange objects should never be brought into the primal universe? The moment he allowed the object to recognize its master and brought it into the primal universe, his fate was sealed.”

The universe masters following behind either snorted or sympathized. Even Luo Feng shook his head silently. A universe master who had gained his reputation rapidly during the birth period of the universe was about to be annihilated.

Ice Mountain Master did a voice transmission: “The chances of strange objects appearing in the Universe Ocean are low. The number of strange objects appearing is comparable to the numbers of supreme true treasures. For me, Teacher did tell me about this previously. That is how I know we cannot bring strange objects into the primal universe. Even for some of the universe masters who are here now, I believe quite a few of you only got to know about the secret information regarding strange objects now, because of this accidental event. So, I don’t think that it’s strange for Yuan Ao Master to be so clueless about it.”

“That’s true.” Luo Feng sighed. “If he had known, he would never have done so.”

“Who can he blame?” Ice Mountain Master said halfheartedly. “He can only blame the fate that dictated his annihilation.”

Luo Feng sighed. Take the fate of the Eight Natural Beast Gods; they had been born as universe masters where their entire bodies constituted of treasures. In the beginning, when the number of great beings from various top powers of the universe were few, the Eight Natural Beast Gods were safe. However, as the great beings from countless races started to sprout, it was only natural for them to come to covet after valuables, so they made their advances like a pack of hungry wolves. That marked the end of the Eight Natural Beast Gods, who were subsequently split up like prey.

Why was Blood Cloud Palace Master attacked? One, because he was indeed an insane fellow. And two, because he did not have an impressive background.

On the contrary, Luo Feng, who had killed over 6,000 universe knights in one move, belonged to the Hong Alliance! Furthermore, he had the support of the Ancestral God School… The three major alliances could only suppress their anger and submit to humiliation. On the other hand, if he was a lone, wandering universe master, if he were to pull off such an unbridled massacre of universe knights, the three major alliances would definitely go crazy and retaliate!

To great beings like Sitting Mountain Guest, Space Ancestor, and Huge Axe Creator, an impressive background was a burden. But to universe masters like Luo Feng, such backgrounds would serve as their tower of strength, their backing.

Without backing, one would be like Yuan Ao Master—ostracized by the primal universe because of a strange object. Even the Ancestral God School was first in line to launch their attack. When universe supreme beings made their moves and attacked, they would not be punished. And these top powers would show no trace of mercy. Even the Eight Beast Gods who had the Ancestral God School as their backing were all killed. What would it have been like if various top powers were to go crazy coveting after valuables? The devastating scene would be massive. This was why Sitting Mountain Guest had warned Luo Feng against rushing to reveal Star Tower.

“Come, come,” said Yuan Ao Master. “You all want to kill me, so I might as well take a few of you as my funerary subjects!”

Yuan Ao Master was like a man possessed, crashing and crushing gigantic space debris, roaring without a pause like a rabid dog putting up its final struggle. His display of anger made various super beings hot on his heels either sigh inwardly or sneer at his predicament.

An endless light shrouded a large area of the surroundings, and the group of super beings chasing up from behind in that area. The fastest of them all, Black Universe Creator, was rapidly approaching. Yuan Ao Master looked behind him, and his anger intensified. “Black Universe!”

The gigantic, golden-flamed figure spoke up. “Give it up.”

“In your dreams!” Yuan Ao Master roared.

Hua!

The golden-flamed figure was dangerously near. When Luo Feng and the group of universe masters were still far behind, the golden-flamed figure was considered to have caught up with Yuan Ao Master.

“There is no escape for you!” The golden-flamed figure suddenly stretched out his palm, and this gigantic palm immediately swung about in the direction of the opponent before him.

Hong! Long!

The surroundings had completely collapsed and scattered. Only a gigantic black palm could be seen sweeping across the sky. This black palm was as high as a few million miles tall; there were faint traces of countless stars rotating right in the middle of the palm. It looked as though endless stars were within this gigantic palm, which had reached Yuan Ao Master’s spot high up in the sky in a rapid move.

“Want to kill me?” roared Yuan Ao Master. “What makes you, Black Universe, think you are capable of killing me? Ah! Ah! Ah! Burn and die!”

Yuan Ao Master’s voice was like resonating thunder as a gigantic whirlpool of flames appeared to surround his godly body. The bright, dazzling flames were all concentrating together to gather on that black godly wood. Therefore, the black godly wood suddenly expanded tremendously.

Hong!

Limitless power gathered on this black godly wood like a pillar to heaven. Then the black godly wood directly smashed at that gigantic black palm that was slamming down from above.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

A tremor ran through Yuan Ao Master’s godly body. Suddenly, he plummeted down. Even his godly body suddenly trembled. Many cracks appeared, but his body underwent a speedy recovery.

“You are indeed a universe supreme being,” said Yuan Ao Master. “With one strike, you have annihilated 3/1,000ths of my godly body!” Yuan Ao Master looked up and let out a crazy roar. “If there is only one of you, without the help of any other universe master, there will be no way you can stop me should I want to escape. If I had better armor… you wouldn’t be able to hurt me at all.”

The golden-flamed figure paid no heed. With another strike of his gigantic palm, he said, “And now, it is time for you to accept your death sentence.”

The gigantic black palm that contained countless stars circulating within it started trampling on Yuan Ao Master all over again.

When Luo Feng and company saw what was happening in the distance, they flew over quickly.

“Huh? Nine Remoteness Master may be able to make him lose 1/1,000th of his godly body, but this Black Universe Creator can actually make him lose 3/1,000ths of his godly body?”

Luo Feng took a while to process and understand. Firstly, the power executed by a universe supreme being was only able to surpass the self-destruction attack method by Nine Remoteness Master by a finger’s breadth. Secondly, the two attack methods were different.

It was just like the exchange of blows between Star River Master and Luo Feng, when Luo Feng had used Star Tower to ward off his attack. The attack power was first weakened by the defense mechanism of Star Tower before it was transmitted to the body.

The exchange of blows between Black Universe Creator and Yuan Ao Master was the same. Black Universe Creator’s strike was on the strange object, which was the godly wood. Upon absorbing the blow, the godly wood would be weakened. Thus, the impact of his strike would be transmitted to Yuan Ao Master’s entire body.

Nine Remoteness Master had a different self-destruction attack method. It was similar to Explosion of Universe!

Within an instant, power from all directions converged and took aim at Yuan Ao Master. Although Yuan Ao Master was using the black godly wood to absorb part of the explosive power, there was still the remaining power attacking him from all other directions. The godly wood was only able to block attacks from one direction; it could not ward off the impact from the endless power coming from any other directions. Yuan Ao Master would inevitably sustain heavy injuries.

“Nine Remoteness Master’s injury level was 1/1,000th. Black Universe Creator’s injury level was 3/1,000ths.” Luo Feng nodded to himself. “No wonder he was so confident. If he had Force Armor, a top-quality pinnacle true treasure, his loss would be even smaller.”

When they saw Black Universe Creator suppressing Yuan Ao Master from afar, the numerous great beings from various top powers— Milky River Horde Leader Luo Feng, Ice Mountain Master, Sea Lotus Master, Golden Horn Master, Xuan Mie Master, You Mo Master, Sky Wolf Master, Canthus Devil Master, You Nan Master, Flame Emperor —race in from all directions to surround them.

“Give it up, Yuan Ao.”

“Yuan Ao Master, there is no way you can escape.”

Universe masters from all directions looked over to the middle, where Yuan Ao Master was being trampled on.

Peng!

Yuan Ao Master was a sorry sight. With the black godly wood in his hand, he was flying in an inverted manner. Under the restraint of the vast light, even inverted flight was rapidly brought to a halt. He looked around, teeth clenched with extreme anger, his single eye was filled with insanity.

“I just obtained this strange object,” he shouted. “If I had a little more time, I would have been able to exchange this for even better armor! Or exchange it for more precious materials to increase my life gene level… By then, even you, Black Universe Creator, would not have been able to injure me easily.”

Luo Feng nodded to himself. True. Yuan Ao Master may have had a strange object that allowed him to attain an attack force that matched the level of Star River Master and Nine Remoteness Master, but his godly body’s life gene level and defense armor were still a notch lower, so his defense level was obviously not on par.

“Even if you had better armor, you would still be unable to put up resistance.” The golden-flamed figure advanced again. At the same time, he shouted out an order: “Ice Mountain, it’s time to take out your true treasure! Ice Mountain!”

From afar, Ice Mountain Master shouted a command. Suddenly, a crystal palace appeared and rapidly expanded. In the blink of an eye, it had become a towering place that was 60 million miles tall. The entire palace was filled with sculptures of secret engravings and exuded an ancient, cold aura.

“Open!” Ice Mountain Master shouted.

Hua!

The doors of that ancient palace opened with a loud rumble, and behind those doors was pitch-black darkness. An immeasurably massive suction force was exerted on Yuan Ao Master in an instant. This was a pinnacle sealing type true treasure. Activated by Ice Mountain Master, its power was so strong that even Yuan An Master felt his godly body budging repeatedly under its influence.

“You think you can suppress and seal me in here?” said Yuan Ao Master.

His godly power was burning as he did all he could to resist. At the same time, he shouted and looking about frantically in all directions. At that moment, Yuan Ao Master resembled a lone wolf at its craziest… He had come to the moment of life or death.

“If you are not going in on your own, I will send you in,” the golden-flamed figure said with a wave of his hand.

“Black Universe Creator!” Yuan Ao Master clenched his teeth with rage. As though with great reluctance, he shouted, “If you help me, I will give you this black godly wood.”

Suddenly, Black Universe Creator stopped.

“Black Universe! Black Universe Creator!” Nine Remoteness Master and Golden Horn Master called out at the same time. They seemed to be very angry.

Black Universe Creator sighed. “Yuan Ao, even if I don’t help you, I can still obtain that black godly wood at the expense of some of my true treasures. But if I were to help you… it would be equivalent to offending various powers of the primal universe.”

“I—I…” Yuan Ao Master’s single eye was filled with insanity as he scanned his surroundings. Through gritted teeth, he said, “I still have one treasure… A remnant diagram left behind by a universe supreme being called ‘Xuan Yuan,’ who was annihilated long ago— the Tilted Peak Sector Remnant Diagram!”

“What!”

“Xuan Yuan’s legacy?”

“Tilted Peak Sector Remnant Diagram?

Every super being present was shocked, including Black Universe Creator. It was the same feeling for Luo Feng. He did not know Xuan Yuan, but he was dumbfounded by the description: “a universe supreme being called ‘Xuan Yuan,’ who was annihilated long ago…”


Chapter 1153: Tilted Peak Sector Remnant Diagram

Universe supreme masters were almighty! They might not be able to kill universe masters like Nine Remoteness Master or Star River Master, but it was ridiculous for universe supreme masters to die! Even Teacher Origin who went against the original universe was only suppressed!

“Die? A universe supreme master died?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Remote Ocean body immediately connected to the virtual universe and started to search for the information on “Xuan Yuan.” Luo Feng got the information immediately with his access authority.

Xuan Yuan: a universe supreme master born before the Great Incarnation. He loves adventure. He died because he got trapped in one of the three Lands of Extremis in Universe Ocean, Tilted Peak Sector.

“Three Lands of Extremis in Universe Ocean? Adventure?”

Thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind.

A universe supreme master died there… How dangerous is Tilted Peak Sector? Three Lands of Extremis? No wonder, if it’s a Land of Extremis.

Just when Luo Feng learned about the information through the virtual universe, Yuan Ao Master believed that he had grasped the last chance to survive.

“Yes, Xuan Yuan! That adventurer and explorer Xuan Yuan!”

Yuan Ao Master stood in the sky, and the space fragments were crushed by the endless light domain. The small fragments hit Yuan Ao Master, but he was standing there still like a mountain. He was in extreme danger and was under a pinnacle seal type true treasure, Ice Mountain Palace. As long as the other great beings kept attacking him in a group so that he wasn’t able to resist Ice Mountain Palace, he would be doomed if he was sucked into the palace.

“How will you prove that you have a remnant diagram of Tilted Peak Sector?”

“You might be lying to survive.”

The universe masters gazed at him in the distance. Even Black Universe Creator didn’t make a move.

“Thought I was lying? Where do you think I got that black wood?” Yuan Ao Master looked around. “I think you all know that this strange object will only show up in the three Lands of Extremis.”

All the universe masters went silent. A strange object was only born in the Lands of Extremis.

“I got the remnant diagram by luck, but I never dared to let any great beings know because I don’t want trouble,” said Yuan Ao Master. “With this remnant diagram, I explored Tilted Peak Sector and got a strange object by luck. Another universe master, ‘Hu Master,’ also found it, but he got killed by me instantly.”

“You were the one who killed him.”

“You killed Hu Master.”

The universe masters understood what happened now. Some universe masters died in Universe Ocean without even sending any messages, so the reasons for their deaths remained unknown.

“Haha… He’s just unlucky.” Yuan Ao Master looked around. “I just got that strange object, and Universe Ocean is too dangerous, so I came back to the original universe and tried to find some powers to buy a true treasure. After all, with that godly wood, my attacking true treasures are useless, and I can get a higher defensive armor. Even some valuables to improve my life gene. However… Before I can do something, that human Luo Feng came!” Yuan Ao Master looked to Luo Feng and clenched his teeth. “Luo Feng!”

Luo Feng smiled at him in the distance.

“I don’t understand it. The Ancestral God School knows everything. Why does it want me dead?” Yuan Ao Master clenched his teeth and glared at Luo Feng. “Nine Remoteness, can you tell me why you come here to kill me? I haven’t offended the Ancestral God School at all.”

“You deserve to die,” said Nine Remoteness Master coldly.

“Tell me why!” Yuan Ao Master roared.

“Stop rambling!” shouted Flame Emperor. “You might have just made up the whole story. Everyone knows you got that strange object by luck! But you can’t prove you have a real Tilted Peak Sector Remnant Diagram. And you can’t prove it was left by Xuan Yuan.”

There were many Tilted Peak Sector remnant diagrams. Tilted Peak Sector was one of the three Lands of Extremis in Universe Ocean, and it was boundless. The remnant diagram of its periphery was worthless. On the contrary, those diagrams that documented the depth were invaluable. And it had to do with the area as well. A diagram that pictured an area of a million square kilometers was nothing compared to that of 100 square light years.

As for Xuan Yuan, he was a universe supreme master born before the great incarnation, and he’d lived longer than any universe supreme master in the original universe… After all his adventures, he’d inspected Tilted Peak Sector countless times. The Tilted Peak Sector Remnant Diagram was priceless, and that remnant diagram could certainly be used to gain quite a few valuables—even supreme true treasures.

“This is the diagram of Xuan Yuan!” Yuan Ao Master roared. He waved his hands, and a black-and-gold cloth showed up. “This is ‘Pulling Traces Diagram.’ Pulling traces are extremely rare and valuable materials. Even universe supreme masters won’t use those to make a map easily.”

“Pulling Traces Diagram!”

“Pulling Traces Diagram!”

“Those are pulling traces!”

“The map carried by Xuan Yuan was a pulling traces diagram!”

All the universe masters were thrilled, as none of them were rich enough to make a map using pulling traces.

In the virtual universe, Luo Feng and Ice Mountain Master stood in front of Primal Chaos City Leader.

“We can’t be sure whether what he said is true or not,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Brother, Yuan Ao Master just took out a pulling traces diagram!” said Ice Mountain Master.

“A Pulling traces diagram?” Primal Chaos City Leader was shocked, “Yuan Ao Master is only a lone universe master. He suddenly got a strange object, and he just took out a pulling traces diagram… He might be telling the truth! If it is indeed a Tilted Peak Sector Remnant Diagram left by Xuan Yuan, it’ll be incredibly valuable. More valuable than that strange object. Brother, Luo Feng, try your best to get that pulling traces diagram. There’s only one pulling traces diagram, and it can’t be divided. Cooperate with each other and get it.”

“Sure.” Ice Mountain Master nodded, and his eyes glinted fiercely.

“Sure, teacher.” Luo Feng nodded as well.

The Northern Territory Alliance.

“Pulling traces diagram?”

“Yuan Ao Master seems to be telling the truth, as he has a pulling traces diagram! The space and time around me are locked, and I can’t get there directly by god country transportation. Try your best to get that pulling traces diagram first before seizing that strange object.”

“Yes.”

“Yes.”

The demon race.

“You have to seize it! You can’t divide pulling traces diagram, and nobody is willing to do that. Black Universe Creator is so lucky that he got there first. It’ll take us some time to arrive there, and it’ll be too late. Sky Wolf, You Mo, try to get that pulling traces diagram and run.”

“Yes,” Sky Wolf Master and You Mo Master answered.

Both of them left their avatars there to report to Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor. Their original target was the strange object, but now, their target was the Tilted Peak Sector Remnant Diagram.

The prison race, the crystal race, and the space beast alliance… All the powers were tempted.

Universe Ocean was a place where many more valuables were located than in the original universe. Many pinnacle true treasures and even supreme true treasures were born in the Lands of Extremis in Universe Ocean! Which was why the remnant diagrams of the three Land of Extremis were always worthwhile, and the larger the area on the diagram was, the more precious the diagrams would be.

Besides, the great beings in the original universe were all born after the great incarnation. The great beings born before the great incarnation had all lived longer, so they were more familiar with Lands of Extremis. A remnant diagram left by Xuan Yuan was definitely more valuable than a strange object.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Powerful forces surged, and the great beings were all staring at Yuan Ao Master and Black Universe Creator.

“Black Universe Creator, you won’t be that greedy, will you?” said Nine Remoteness Master.

“Black Universe Creator, you have a supreme true treasure, and you’re a lone universe supreme master,” said Golden Horn Master. “That remnant diagram is not that useful to you.”

All the supreme beings were gazing at Black Universe Creator. Nine Remoteness Master, Golden Horn Master, Ice Mountain Master, and Canthus Devil Master… All of them were able to stall him.

“I’ll have the diagram,” said Black Universe Creator. “I’ll protect you!”

“You won’t!”

“Do it!”

“Do it!”

All the supreme beings of the nine superpowers exploded, while Golden Horn Master and Canthus Devil Master tried to corner Black Universe Creator. Golden Horn Master opened his wing wide, roared, and charged at Black Universe Creator. So did Canthus Devil Master.

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

All was madness.

“Damn it!” Black Universe Creator shouted. He was infuriated, but his power was suppressed in the original universe, so both Golden Horn Master and Canthus Devil Master were only slightly weaker. Besides, Golden Horn Master and Canthus Devil Master had strong armor and were both top-tier beings in their alliances.

“Get in.”

“Get in.”

All the universe masters were encircling Yuan Ao Master. He was in despair. The universe masters sent were all-powerful! Golden Horn Master and Canthus Devil Master alone were able to pin down Black Universe Creator, and it was too easy for those universe masters to seal Yuan Ao master if they worked together.

“Ah! Want to kill me?” said Yuan Ao Master. “Want to get my true treasures? Then come and get them!”

Yuan Ao Master roared and tore the pulling traces diagram apart.

Hong!

It became dozens of pieces, and the pieces flew away at all directions, attracting all the universe masters.

“Just get it!” Yuan Ao Master turned around and fled like a beam of light.


Chapter 1154: Crazy Battles of Contention

After all, the Pulling Traces Diagram was merely a piece of Tilted Peak Sector Map that was made out of a unique material. Since Yuan Ao Master’s power could allow him to tear and destroy an ordinary true treasure effortlessly, the Pulling Traces Diagram would naturally be torn and divided into a dozen smaller pieces within the blink of an eye. This was like the black metal boards Luo Feng used to record the Nine Volume Manual. Although the diagram had been shredded into pieces, every fragment would still contain a part of the drawing on the diagram.

Putting all 12 smaller fragments together into one combination, a complete version of the Tilted Peak Sector Remnant Diagram left behind by Xuan Yuan would be obtained.

“Pulling Traces Diagram!”

“That loathsome Yuan Ao!”

Initially, the dozen universe masters from numerous top powers were angry, but their anger was soon replaced by a contiguous scramble for the fragmented Pulling Traces Diagram. This was because they were all aware that even if only fragments were left… They were nonetheless part of Xuan Yuan’s legacy, so every fragment still recorded a part of the remnant diagram. All of these were highly valuable!

Ice Mountain Master anxiously sent out a voice transmission: “Luo Feng, grab that Pulling Traces Diagram.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng was also frantically trying his best.

The towering yet pale-looking Canthus Devil Master let out a fearsome roar. “Do not contend with me!” He stopped his attacks on Black Universe Creator. Then, paying no heed to Black Universe Creator, he headed straight for one of the flying fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram that was nearest to him. It was one of the bigger fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram. “Get lost!”

Hong! Long!

Canthus Devil Master was holding onto a gigantic, long whip. With a sudden lash, the whip grew even longer. It was more than 60 million miles, and it swept toward Sea Lotus Master of the bug clan, who was about to snatch a fragment of the Pulling Traces Diagram. Amidst these frenzied attacks raining down, Sea Lotus Master did not dare summon the large number of bug soldiers under his command.

“Canthus Devil!” Sea Lotus Master’s beautiful face was scrunched up in anger.

“That is mine, bug clan! Don’t even think about taking it!” Canthus Devil Master gave a furious roar and charged.

“Humph! That is mine, you go look for others!” said Sea Lotus Master.

Suddenly, endless ripples started appearing within Sea Lotus Master’s surroundings and spread out in a circular motion. The strong impact repelled all of Endless Light Domain within that area, which naturally formed a suppression over Canthus Devil Master.

The pale-looking Canthus Devil Master roared. Suddenly, black waves started spreading out in all directions with him as the center. Black, raging water of the ocean also spread out within the blink of an eye, charging at the Endless Light Domain and Endless Ripples Region in the surroundings.

The universe masters from the top nine powers who were present at the Yuan Ao Secret Region were all well-prepared. Three of them had pinnacle domain type true treasures—Golden Horn Master, Sea Lotus Master, and Canthus Devil Master.

Previously, when they were fighting Yuan Ao Master, solely Golden Horn Master’s pinnacle domain type true treasure was enough, as everyone was quite united and acted with concerted efforts. However, they were now all fighting for this Pulling Traces Diagram… How could they stay united? As expected, all of them would be putting in their best. Those with greater powers would naturally be more ambitious, seeking to claim one or several pieces—or the bigger fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram…

Black Universe Creator suddenly gave a low growl. “You all can fight for that Pulling Traces Diagram. I don’t want it. I only want that strange object.”

“All right.”

“All right.”

“Black Universe Creator, we shall not contend with you.”

“The strange object shall be yours.”

“The strange object goes to you; Pulling Traces Diagram goes to us.”

Many great beings let out sighs of relief upon hearing this. In terms of power, Black Universe Creator was definitely able to defeat them. Earlier, through joint efforts, they could suppress even a universe supreme being. But the moment they were no longer united… if Black Universe Creator set his heart on fighting, even if it was not possible to obtain half of it, he could still hope to get quite a sizable amount.

“Humph!” Black Universe Creator sneered inwardly. “If it was the complete Tilted Peak Sector Remnant Diagram left behind by Xuan Yuan, then it would definitely have records of the details of the situation from the outer world to the bottommost depth. But now, it is tattered and torn. Even if I were to obtain ten fragments, they would still be segregated fragments scattered about randomly. They would not be able to form a clear route, which means their value would be greatly reduced… I would be better off with this strange object in hand. With this strange object, my power within the Universe Ocean would be boosted to another level up!”

Hong!

Black Universe Creator chased after the escaping Yuan Ao Master as fast as he could.

Although the various parties were fighting each other—regardless of being under the suppression of Endless Light Domain, Endless Ripples Region, or Endless Black Water Region—they would all be dealt with intentional suppression. Since they had all given their word to Black Universe that the strange object would be his to claim, they would naturally fulfill their promise and give the favor to Black Universe Creator. Besides, the act of Yuan Ao Master shredding the Pulling Traces Diagram into fragments had made many of these universe masters angry.

“Ice Mountain Master, help me out,” Black Universe Creator said. “Give me full control of your Ice Mountain Palace. After all this, I will give you a pinnacle true treasure as a gift of gratitude.”

“Sure.”

Ice Mountain Master used part of his consciousness to control Ice Mountain Palace as he tried his best to suck Yuan Ao Master into it. As for Ice Mountain Master himself, of course he would be with the other universe masters fighting crazily for the fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram.

“Yuan Ao Master, you are hopeless,” Black Universe Creator said, rapidly closing up the distance. “Annoying.”

Yuan Ao Master’s speed was ridiculously slow. With Black Universe Creator’s ability to restrain time and space, his pinnacle domain type true treasure and pinnacle sealing type true treasure’s suction force… Under the three-tiered restraint, Yuan Ao Master’s speed was piteously slow, while Black Universe Creator could maintain his speed.

Yuan Ao Master communicated via voice transmission. “Black Universe Creator, I will give you this strange object. How about you let me off?”

Surrounding voices in the void space had already been distorted by the suction force of Ice Mountain Palace, so even godly powers were dispersed and scattered. This, in turn, allowed Ice Mountain Master to be able to detect the Yuan Ao Master’s voice that was meant to be transmitted to Black Universe Creator.

Even though he was far away, Ice Mountain Master’s consciousness was constantly following everything that was happening on this side. “We cannot let him off,” said Ice Mountain Master. “Black Universe Creator. He has to die.”

“Kill him.”

“Kill him.”

Universe masters had very powerful consciousnesses. Even if they were to give their all to fight for the fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram, they were still able to pay attention to the scene of Black Universe Creator going after Yuan Ao Master. Clearly, they all wanted Yuan Ao Master’s life. Once he was annihilated, they would be considered to have made a great contribution in their capacities as top powers of the universe. The primal universe would bestow rewards to their races in return.

“You will give me the strange object?” Black Universe Creator asked.

“Yes, I am giving it to you,” Yuan Ao Master said with heightened anxiety. “Let me go.”

“If I kill you, I will also be able to obtain the strange object,” said Black Universe Creator, “in addition to all the various true treasures you carry with you. I will also be considered to have made a great contribution. Although none of these factors are important to me— except to be able to contribute to the primal universe—of course, more is better.”

Black Universe Creator laughed and announced, “Yuan Ao, meet your doom!”

“Contribution, what are you contributing?” Yuan Ao Master asked persistently.

“Dying fellow, there is no need for you to know so much,” Black Universe Creator said. Then he charged toward Yuan Ao Master at high speed.

Because Black Universe Creator did not involve himself in the fight for fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram, the time and space under his control had shrunken to a size that was only surrounding the area he and Yuan Ao Master was in, and his control had no influence over the others.

Therefore, Luo Feng had much to gain out of this situation.

“Golden Kingdom!”

Luo Feng flapped his wings. In an instant, an endless, misty golden light enshrouded a region with a radius as big as one light year— except for the part of the region that was under Black Universe Creator’s control. Every other region fell under Luo Feng’s control.

“What strong control.”

Black Universe Creator watched from afar, where that endless space had been broken off by the force from the silver-winged figure. Then he continued raining attacks on Yuan Ao Master.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Golden waves were spreading. Nine Tiger River had covered an area of three 1,800 miles in an instant. With the empowerment of Golden Kingdom, Nine Tiger River was blatantly superior. Except for the three main regions—namely, Ripples region, Black Water region, and Light region—the top-tier domain type true treasures used by other great beings were all destroyed to naught when Luo Feng’s Nine Tiger River crashed into them.

Everyone understood the rules. Like Luo Feng’s Golden Kingdom, although it was able to control an extremely large area, he would never intentionally cause destruction to other regions. Due to the far distance, even if he were to cause destruction intentionally, he would never succeed. On the contrary, he would be offending the other great beings.

Those who owned pinnacle domain type true treasures like Golden Horn Master, Sea Lotus Master, and Canthus Devil Master were all clear of their own capabilities. They exercised self-restraint when it came to pinnacle domain type true treasures and would never cause disruptions to the operations of other great beings; by doing so, they would become a common enemy and would be subjected to mass attacks by the others

“Annoying!”

“Luo Feng, how dare you contend with me? Courting death!” Flame Emperor shouted as the fragment of Pulling Traces Diagram that was almost within his grasp became enshrouded by Luo Feng’s Nine Tiger River instead. This was because his domain true treasure fell apart after being crushed by Luo Feng’s true treasure.

“Flame Emperor, this valuable was meant to be owned by the abled,” mocked Luo Feng. “If you have the capability, come get it.”

The fragment of the Pulling Traces Diagram was within Nine Tiger River, and it flew toward Luo Feng at a rapid speed.

“That is mine.”

Nine Tiger River transformed into a stream of light, but he directly charged into Nine Tiger River.

Hong! Long!

Flame Emperor held on to his Yan Shen Halberd. Then he roared, and with a wave of his Yan Shen Halberd, he sliced a path out of the endless golden waves and made his way after the fragment of the Pulling Traces Diagram.

This made Luo Feng jump with shock. The Pulling Traces Diagram was still 12 million miles away from him. It would take quite a while for it to reach him, so it seemed like Flame Emperor could easily intercept midway.

“Humph.”

Luo Feng was holding onto his pinnacle true treasure Absolute Guest.

Sou!

Immediately, he charged over. At the same time, using Nine Tiger River, he intentionally manipulated the fragment of Pulling Traces Diagram into making a detour so that it would be moving at a speed that was close to his. Then, with a single beckoning, he speedily stored the Pulling Traces Diagram in his world ring. This is the first fragment he had obtained!

“Hahaha! Many thanks, Flame Emperor,” Luo Feng said, gazing at Flame Emperor. “Courtesy calls for reciprocity. Isn’t that so? I believe we have achieved that now.”

Flame Emperor went pale. He knew what Luo Feng was referring to. Back when Luo Feng had approached him to claim his Force Armor, he had secretly let out news about Luo Feng’s tracks, which caused many universe knights and universe overlords to lay ambush and attack Luo Feng. That had nearly cost Luo Feng his life, and even up to the moment when Luo Feng finally reached him, Flame Emperor had not been willing to hand over Force Armor. Eventually, Luo Feng had to use Sitting Mountain Guest’s name to oppress Flame Emperor, at which point Flame Emperor had finally given up Force Armor.

Back then, Flame Emperor’s doings were vicious. This time around, Luo Feng had managed to take an eye for an eye.

“Humph!” Flame Emperor said. “If not for Teacher’s bias toward you, which allowed you to own such a supreme true treasure. You would not be able to possess such unique skills in controlling space. Then how would you be able to manage to snatch the fragment of the Pulling Traces Diagram away from me?” Flame Emperor’s transmitted voice dripped with coldness. “In terms of capability, you are not my match at all.”

“Hahaha! You can’t snatch it from me, so you are blaming it on Teacher, saying that he was biased.” Luo Feng scoffed.

Sou!

Luo Feng turned and flew off. He could not be bothered with Flame Emperor.

“Loathsome!” snarled Flame Emperor. His expression was fearsome. With gritted teeth, he turned to fly off in another direction, where his final hope of obtaining a fragment of the Pulling Traces Diagram was.

“Suppression!”

With Black Universe Creator’s great efforts, coupled with the cooperation of Ice Mountain Master and the coordination of a pinnacle domain type true treasure, Yuan Ao Master sustained such severe injuries that he finally flew toward the gigantic doors of the palace and out of Ice Mountain Palace.

“Aaah! Aaah!” Yuan Ao Master roared with insanity. “You want me dead? You want my true treasure? You all think I will let things go your way so easily? Self-destruct!”

Hong!

How frightening the godly power contained by a universe master’s million-mile-tall godly body was! And for it to self-destruct within an instant… That self-destructive power was so strong that it surpassed the strongest attack by Star River Master to fully attain the ultimate limit set under the influence of the primal universe.

All at once, an immeasurable energy wave charged out in all directions.

“Yuan Ao has self-destructed.”

“Protect the Pulling Traces Diagram!”

“Protect it well!”


Chapter 1155: That’s Mine

“Be careful.”

“Pulling Traces Diagram!”

The universe masters who were fighting each other were all terrified by the self-destruction of Yuan Ao Master. A universe master a million kilometers tall had blown himself up, and the energies burst out instantly. The resulting shock wave was billions of times stronger than a supernova. It eradicated everything!

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The space fragments flying in the distance turned into particles. So did the space around him! As for the universe masters, they all tried to form a huge protection, either by using pinnacle domain type true treasures or burning their godly power.

“Defend!”

“We can’t let that shock wave destroy the Pulling Traces Diagram!”

Everyone, including Black Universe Creator, manipulating the space, was trying to resist that shock wave. The center of the explosion was horrendous, and Black Universe Creator, who was fighting Yuan Ao Master, was affected the most. However, he had a supreme true treasure to protect him, so he only bounced away several kilometers without being injured. As for Ice Mountain Palace, which was close to Yuan Ao Master, it was also blasted away.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

The power of the shock wave was already significantly weakened when the shock wave arrived at the universe masters, but the universe masters still felt pressured, as they needed to protect both themselves and the fragments of Pulling Traces Diagram.

Even with that defense, the shock wave turned the space into particles. As for the fragments of Pulling Traces Diagram, they were floating in space, and because of the shock wave, they flew in all directions.

After a while, the shock wave dissipated.

“We protected it.”

“Humph! That Yuan Ao Master didn’t want to make things difficult for us—even going so far as to commit suicide. If it weren’t for so many universe masters being here, the Pulling Traces Diagram fragments would have been turned into ashes. Thank God.”

The space 10 billion square kilometers around them had been turned to particles, and they flowed like sand. The particles—elements of space—started to gather.

Luo Feng was relieved after defending himself against that shock wave.

“Luo Feng, two huge fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram are flying toward you!” A godly power transmitted a voice.

“Ah!”

Luo Feng noticed the two fragments of Pulling Traces Diagram instantly. He looked back and saw two fragments floating tens of millions of kilometers away from him, and the two fragments were significantly large. The smaller one was twice as big as the one he obtained, and the larger one was more than three times larger.

“It’s mine.” Luo Feng flew toward it like a beam of light.

“Not on my watch!” A roar was transmitted through godly power. “That’s mine!”

Luo Feng took a glimpse. The giant black Sky Wolf was also flying toward it, roaring at several others who were trying to seize it.

“Humph! Sky Wolf, you want to compete with me for that?” Towering Flame Emperor, holding his giant Yan Shen Halberd, transmitted his voice. “My third brother, don’t even think about getting this one!”

“Hahaha…! I haven’t gotten any fragments yet,” You Nan Master laughed.

“Then let’s fight,” said Luo Feng coldly.

At that moment, Flame Emperor, Luo Feng, You Nan Master, and Sky Wolf Master were the closest to the fragment, and Flame Emperor and Luo Feng tried to compete for it. Other than them, Ice Mountain Master and You Mo Master were also approaching the fragments.

Apparently, the two fragments were close to each other, and since they were large, the universe masters would fight for those two.

“Let me help you, Luo Feng.” Ice Mountain Master flew toward him like a trace of like.

“Sky Wolf, let’s strive together.” You Mo Master also flew toward them.

All was madness. The six universe masters were all staring at the fragments with eyes gleaming.

“No…!” Luo Feng felt intimidated. You Nan Master was incredibly fast —the fastest out of all of them. Luo Feng tried to suppress him using his Golden Country, but the black mist around You Nan Master blocked it. They were rather far from each other, so Nine Tiger River couldn’t reach him.

“Uncle, do you have a domain type true treasure?” Luo Feng transmitted his voice instantly.

“I do!” answered Ice Mountain Master.

“Uncle, combine your domain type true treasure and my Golden Country,” said Luo Feng. “Then we can resist them.”

“Sure.”

Hua! Hua!

The black mist permeated, and there were ice crystals in the mist surrounded by golden light. They tried to stop the other parties altogether. Under that power, the black mist of You Nan Master crumbled.

“Hahaha! Luo Feng, this wing true treasure of yours is indeed powerful,” said Ice Mountain Master. “It has such a strong control over space. With my top-tier domain type true treasure ‘Cold Fog Sector,’ it can compare to a pinnacle domain type true treasure.” Ice Mountain Master was excited, which was rare. “These two fragments belong to us humans!”

“Yes!” Luo Feng got excited.

“Damn it!” Flame Emperor roared. Under that double pressure of the black mist and the golden light, Flame Emperor was slowed down significantly! However, he could only clench his teeth and reluctantly admit defeat. He transmitted his exasperated voice: “Damn you, third brother!”

Hong! Long!

Flame Emperor flew in another direction. He didn’t want to waste his time, as he knew he couldn’t get the fragments. He needed to hurry and get other fragments.

“Hahaha! Milky Way Horde Leader, you’re indeed impressive. It seems the two fragments will fall into your hands. I’ll stop now.” You Nan Master also found out that he was too slow to get that under the suppression. He transmitted his guffawing voice and left like a beam of light.

Two parties chose to leave. Only the demon race and human race were still competing.

“Human Luo Feng!” Sky Wolf Master stared at Luo Feng in the distance. “You were just a baby when I first met you, and now you’re so powerful. Unfortunately, you humans are too naïve compare to us demon race.”

Hong!

Colorful threads showed up in the sky, and they extended everywhere. They hit the black mist, which was suppressed, and retreated instantly. Even with Golden Country, Cold Fog Sector kept drawing back under that power.

Ice Mountain Master was irritated. “Dream Ancestor Domain!”

“Dream Ancestor Domain!”

Dream Demon Ancestor was one of the two universe supreme masters of the demon race, and the true treasure she used was naturally famous. She had several true treasures that were well-known in the universe—at least—and the pinnacle domain type true treasure “Dream Ancestor Domain” was one of them.

“They have Dream Ancestor Domain.” Luo Feng grew anxious. “It’s a bit trickier, now.”

The combination of Golden Country and Cold Fog Sector may have been able to rival a pinnacle domain type true treasure, but it was still inferior to Dream Ancestor Domain.

I don’t have enough godly power. If I become a universe master, my godly power will be able to make Golden Country stronger, and with Ice Fog Sector, it’ll be able to rival that Dream Ancestor Domain.

Luo Feng felt bad, but he couldn’t do anything about it.

Ice Mountain Master transmitted his voice. “We still have hope.”

However…

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The hideous You Mo Master screamed, and black vines shot out of his body. Instantly, 81 black vines covered the sky for tens of millions of square kilometers, and they charged Luo Feng.

“Devil Islet Vine!” Luo Feng looked ghastly.

“It’s Devil Islet Vine!” Ice Mountain Master was also furious.

Devil Islet Vine was another one of the well-known true treasures of Dream Demon Ancestor, and it was a pinnacle attack type true treasure on the spiritual force leader path! Pinnacle true treasures should be the least valuable out of all the pinnacle true treasures, yet there were huge gaps among the pinnacle true treasure weapons. Force Armor, for instance, was one of the best pinnacle true treasure armors! As for those inferior ones, they were only able to weaken the attack to 1/10,000th.

The same rule applied to Devil Islet Vine. It was extremely valuable. The vines could be combined as one and could be used as a splash. They could be separated to bind the enemies. Although they could be cut into parts, those parts could merge as one immediately.

“Haha! The major powers in the universe sent universe masters, but the universe masters sent by the demon race are the weakest.” Sky Wolf Master transmitted his voice and sounded insolent. “Haha! The demon race is the strongest among the six pinnacle races. How is it possible that it sent the weakest universe masters? We’re just here show that we’re weak, and we’ll only show our trump card when it’s crucial. Dream Demon Ancestor gave us ‘Dream Ancestor Domain’ and ‘Devil Islet Vine,’ and they’re extraordinary in terms of fighting and fleeing! Hahaha, you didn’t know our trump cards in the first place, so you relaxed. You weren’t vigilant, and that’s how we can now take advantage! If you knew our trump cards in advance and resisted us, wouldn’t have been able to do that. These two fragments are worthy of our trump cards!”

Sky Wolf Master was smug as the 81 black vines waved through space.

Luo Feng immediately appeared, and so did Ice Mountain Master.

“Damn it.” Luo Feng clenched his teeth.

Ice Mountain Master looked irritated as well. They both understood that they had been played by the demon race!


Chapter 1156: Luo Feng and Sky Wolf Master

Luo Feng looked at the two fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram floating far away, then at the 81 swaying black vines which exuded a vast power as he thought to himself, Even if I were to execute I Am the Universe together with Golden Kingdom and Cold Fog Sector, I might only be able to suppress Dream Ancestors Domain. That Devil Island Vine would still be able to beset me…

One-on-one, even if Sky Wolf Master possessed Dream Ancestors Domain, he would still dare to brave it out. But if the two pinnacle true treasures, Devil Island Vine and Dream Ancestors Domain were to be combined, he would meet the end of his resources, helpless and without hope.

Ice Mountain Master was more decisive and straightforward; the moment he realized this fragment was hopeless, he gave up immediately. “Luo Feng, let’s go,” he said. “We shall go get the other fragments of Pulling Traces Diagram!”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded and looked at the faraway fragment of the Pulling Traces Diagram with great reluctance before transforming into a beam of light and flying off.

“Hahaha…” The black Sky Wolf flew towards the two fragments of Pulling Traces Diagram feeling extremely pleased. “Human Luo Feng! Haha! You mere humans want to contend with us demons? What a joke. Humph! In earlier years, when you were all weak, you showed such arrogance. Now that you have become a universe master, you are still not my match.”

“Sky Wolf, there is still a fragment of Pulling Traces Diagram far away, and I am making my way there,” Remote Lord Master informed him via voice transmission.

“Okay,” Sky Wolf Master was quick to agree. “The other fragments of Pulling Traces Diagram here are drifting further apart, and the majority are not that big. They are not worth our joint efforts. We shall split for now and seek the other fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram separately. Maybe we are able to obtain more that way.”

Luo Feng and Ice Mountain Master were quick to separate and seek the random fragments, too. After all, there was only a total of close to 20 universe masters. The number of fragments of Pulling Traces Diagram was more than the number of universe masters. If two universe masters were to act together… although it would greatly boost the success rate of obtaining fragments, they would lose out in chances to fight for more fragments. Unless they were in a situation similar to the previous one—where one fight could earn them something that was comparable to six or seven fragments—it was not a preferred method to join hands in a battle.

“It’s mine.”

“Ice Mountain, stay away from this piece.”

“Hahaha… Nine Remoteness Master, you are here too? Without a domain type true treasure, how can you defeat us?”

The battles for contention grew serious.

The interlayer of this space had been formed when close to 20 universe masters from the top nine powers exerted their powers. Some of them were blessed with natural strength—like Ice Mountain Master and Canthus Devil Master—while some had extremely strong true treasures—like Remote Lord Master, Sky Wolf Master, and Sea Lotus Master… All of these universe masters were executing their techniques.

“I Am the Universe.”

During the process of fighting for the fragments of Pulling Traces Diagram, Luo Feng had used I Am the Universe twice, and to his best efforts. Yet even though he had used it twice, he could only obtain a fragment once. This showed how intense the fights were.

While universe masters of the top nine powers were individually exerting their powers, fighting like crazy for those fragments, in the void space in the distance, Black Universe Creator’s gigantic flaming palm had grabbed hold of that black godly wood.

“Strange object obtained,” said Black Universe Creator in a voice that was low and powerful.

With a slight turn of his flaming head, he looked far into the void space, where chaotic battle raged. Previously, it was because Yuan Ao Master had been constantly on the run while Black Universe Creator remained in hot pursuit. The self-destruction of Yuan Ao Master had happened at a position that was very far from the Pulling Traces Diagram.

I thought I would need to pay a hefty price to find this strange object, thought Black Universe Creator, and I was quite prepared to offer some true treasures to the top nine powers. Who would have thought I could get it so easily?

Black Universe Creator’s eyes scanned his surroundings. In a faraway spot within the void space, there were fragments flying about randomly at high speeds, colliding into a gigantic shield, sending the shield tumbling and flying off in a frenzy.

Shield! Round hammer! Holy grail! Grey armor!

One after another, true treasures were scattered and flying off randomly in all directions within that void space. Previously, when Yuan Ao Master self-destructed, the force that emanated was frighteningly powerful. Even his World Ring had cracked and shattered. Some ordinary materials and objects were annihilated to nothing. Only some of the precious true treasures could survive the impact.

Numerous true treasures were flying off in random directions, and because of the collisions with countless other fragments flying at high speeds at random, these true treasures changed course and flew off in other directions too.

With this object, I have achieved my goal. Black Universe Creator looked at the chaotic battle going on far away. These true treasures are scattered all over the place. If I were to go fight for some, the traveling alone would require a long time. I would probably be able to get one or two treasures. To me, I am content with a self-protection type supreme true treasure and the strange godly wood for attacking purposes. As for the various true treasures scattered all over, since flying there would already be time-consuming, I will just leave it to the rest to toil through the battles.

“I’m leaving!”

Hua!

The golden-flamed figure speedily flew up into the sky and vanished amidst the vast, chaotic space.

There had not been many fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram in the first place. With nearly 20 universe masters from the top powers of the primal universe fighting their best to obtain these fragments, it only took a short moment for everything that could be seen in space to be taken by eager seekers. The stronger beings with more powerful true treasures like Canthus Devil Master and Golden Horn Master naturally had an edge above the rest, while those who were extremely skilled in controlling time and space would have a small advantage over the rest.

Luo Feng had not managed to seize much—merely two fragments— yet he used his Golden Kingdom to help Ice Mountain Master, who was already an extremely powerful being. After all, if the area under the influence of Golden Kingdom expanded, then no matter where Ice Mountain Master wanted to seize something from, with Golden Kingdom supplementing him, he would succeed no matter what. This made him invincible.

“Haha! This has been quite rewarding,” Ice Mountain Master said, expressing his gratitude via voice transmission. “I must thank you, Luo Feng, for your help. With your Golden Kingdom assisting me, together with my top-tier domain type true treasure and my personal power, I have seized an amount that is comparable to Canthus Devil Master, which is a total of five. Adding onto the two you seized, we humans have managed to obtain a total of seven, which is considered quite a feat. A pity the demons managed to obtain two fragments that were much bigger. What a pity.”

This time, among the nine top powers, the distribution was as such: some got more, the others got less. The Space Beast Alliance topped the list, obtaining a total of ten! The Nine Territory Alliance was at the bottom of the list with merely three!

Of course, the judgment could not be based solely on superficial numbers, because the fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram were different in size. A larger piece could be the equivalent of many small ones. While Sky Wolf Master and Remote Lord Master of the demon clan might have obtained a total of five altogether, the total area obtained by adding all the fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram might not lose out much to that of the Space Beast Alliance.

“The Space Beast Alliance has Golden Horn Master,” said Flame Emperor. “The Prison clan has Canthus Lord Master. And Humanity has Ice Mountain Master who, in turn, has Golden Kingdom as empowerment.”

“The demon clan actually brought along two of Dream Demon Ancestor’s extremely powerful true treasures. These four top powers have already seized more than half of the total, with each possessing about one-sixth of the total!”

Universe masters had everything that happened within battlefields at their fingertips. They were also very clear about how much they obtained. The exchange of blows this time around was also a clear demonstration of Luo Feng’s capability.

“Endless golden light, and the ability to control time and space… He is much stronger than a universe master who only wields the power to control a part of time and space! And that endless golden light seemed to be activated and catalyzed by the four silver wings. His true treasure wings may lose out a little to a pinnacle domain type true treasure in terms of power, but when it could control time and space, this was simply unbelievable. Its value is completely comparable to that of a pinnacle domain type true treasure. Humph. If he did not have that golden light space and time domain, Ice Mountain Master would never have been able to seize so many fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram.”

Sky Wolf Master and some other universe masters were now coveting Luo Feng’s true treasures. But their helplessness outmatched their desires. Luo Feng was someone who had single-handedly killed over 6,000 universe knights from the three major alliances; they just had to let their desires go, albeit with great reluctance.

“Sitting Mountain Guest is so biased!” said Flame Emperor. “He only gave me Original Soul and Yan Shen halberd. And Force Armor was only on loan when I needed it. When Luo Feng entered the picture, I had to return it to Luo Feng.” Flame Emperor’s heart was filled with hatred. “Sitting Mountain Guest even gave the supreme true treasure, Star Tower, to Luo Feng. Force Armor and Star Tower. I was aware that he had given them to him, but… But—but his true treasure wings that can control time and space! How rare and unique they are! Only someone like Sitting Mountain Guest could possibly own it, and he actually gave it to Luo Feng! What bias! Just wait, just wait… I may not have gotten as much as you, but I will trample on you, and one fine day, I may even be able to be like Teacher Origin, who has everyone—even Sitting Mountain Guest—at his feet! Throughout the universe, rampaging the universe… I am the Universe!”

Flame Emperor was so overwhelmed that it filled his entire heart.

“There are true treasures a distance from here. Those are the true treasures that Yuan Ao Master left behind after he self-destructed. Black Universe Creator actually left?”

“Hurry up, true treasures.”

A universe supreme being who was a lone wanderer—with nothing to worry about and nothing to hold him back—had gained a strange godly wood. Maybe to Black Universe Creator, the only thing left that could attract him was a supreme true treasure. As for those true treasures that Yuan Ao Master had left behind after his death, they were nothing worthy to Black Universe Creator.

It’s the same reason why Sitting Mountain Guest could give such a great amount of valuables to his disciples without any regrets. Why? Because he had enough for himself, with nothing to worry about and nothing to hold him back, so there was nothing more he required. Those that became excess would only be stored in the treasure vault, never to see daylight again.

On the contrary, Space Ancestor and Huge Axe Creator both led their races. They had responsibilities to take care of, so they valued and held other pinnacle true treasure with high regard.

Sou! Sou!

One by one, the universe masters flew off in various directions at top speed. Yuan Ao Master left behind quite a sizable amount of valuable treasures after being annihilated, but as his godly body self-destructed with such great might, all his true treasures had been rocketed in all directions. All of them had landed very far from where Yuan Ao had self-destructed and, unfortunately, also very far apart from one another. The universe masters could only choose one target and head in that specific direction.

Luo Feng locked his eyes on the holy grail right away. “Sand Cup!”

That holy grail was originally named Sand Cup. It was also known as Flame Sand Cup and was one of the top-tier domain type true treasure under Yuan Ao Master’s possession. Previously, this sand cup was what Yuan Ao Master had used to release that domain of flame.

“The armor, shield, hammer, and everything else are all useless to me,” said Luo Feng. “To maximize the full potential of my Golden Kingdom, I will need a top-tier domain type true treasure that matches it well. Then, together with my Miniature Universe, even in the face of a pinnacle domain type true treasure, I am pretty sure the combination of these three would be difficult to suppress.” Naturally, Luo Feng was determined to get his way, but at that moment, Sky Wolf Master was also making his way over rapidly from another direction.

Hong! Long! Long!

Sky Wolf Master, Golden Horn Master and Sea Lotus Master who owned pinnacle domain type true treasures were all giving full play to their treasure’s power, continuously colliding with one another from afar. Luo Feng’s endless golden light moved to form a complete cover but without colliding with the others. The other universe masters were unable to control time and space, unable to use their domain to their advantage, or—even worse—unable to detect the position of some true treasures that were slightly further away.

“That’s mine!” Sky Wolf Master flew over at top speed.

“It’s mine,” said Luo Feng

Both attempted to shift the Flame Sand Cup nearer to them by exerting control over the true treasure from afar. However, it was obvious that Sky Wolf Master’s pinnacle domain type true treasure was a notch stronger.

Xiu! Xiu!

Luo Feng and Sky Wolf Master were closing in on the Sand Cup without so much as a pause.

When they were both around 60 million miles away from the Sand Cup—and when there was only Luo Feng and Sky Wolf Master left within that 60-million-mile area—Luo Feng’s eyes flashed a sharp look.

“The seizure of treasures has to come to an end, and this Sand Cup must fall in my hands,” he announced. “I Am the Universe!”

Because he had his Golden Horned Beast body to replenish his godly power, his = original earthling body was able to stay at its pinnacle condition.

Hong! Long!

The vast void space fell into darkness in an instant. A chaotic airflow spread outward. Within this Miniature Universe, at a diameter of 60 million miles, there were only two souls: Luo Feng and Sky Wolf Master.

“Is that the chaotic world that has been shrunken to a miniature size?” said Sky Wolf Master.

Sky Wolf Master was shocked. This operation had been rather delightful, and the number of fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram obtained was plentiful. If he could finish things off by obtaining this top-tier domain type true treasure, everything would be perfect. But one look at this endless chaotic airflow, and he knew right away that Luo Feng was going to use his strongest technique.

“Hahaha! Human Luo Feng, it’s just you alone,” said Sky Wolf Master, “yet you wish to fight me?”

The black form of Sky Wolf Master flew amidst the endless chaotic airflow, but his voice alone was able to make the surrounding chaotic airflow tremor and disperse.

Chapter 1157

1157 Flame Sand Cup

Luo Feng looked at Sky Wolf Master in the distance. He hadn’t had any power to resist Sky Wolf Master before. He was a top-tier universe master when it came to mind, willpower, techniques, and true treasures. Even if he had a weaker godly body, with his true treasures, he didn’t need to fear any universe master.

Humph. That Yuan Ao Master had the godly wood, and even he couldn’t defeat me! Luo Feng thought. As for this Sky Wolf Master, he’s the weakest among the 19 universe masters, and he’s inferior to Flame Emperor! The only edge he has is Dream Ancestor Domain. I can combine Miniature Universe, Golden Country, and Nine Tiger River to suppress him! I might have a weaker godly body, so I can’t rival those powerful universe masters. However, a mere Sky Wolf Master…

“Humph!”

Luo Feng didn’t even consider Sky Wolf Palace a challenge.

“Hahaha! You want to fight me with this small chaos world?” roared Sky Wolf Master. “I have a true treasure from Dream Demon Ancestor, and I’ll let you see the true power of the true treasure! Get away!”

Hong! Long! Long!

The dreamland formed by the colorful traces blasted everywhere and hit the membrane of Luo Feng’s Miniature Universe. However, that Miniature Universe consumed 10 percent of Luo Feng’s godly body, and it was formed by his supreme technique. It was not that easy to break!

“Sky Wolf Master, this Dream Ancestor Domain is all you’ve got!” Luo Feng shouted. “Just watch me break this Dream Ancestor Domain! Let’s see how you’re going to fight me after that!”

Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua!

An endless golden river flooded out and permeated the surrounding space.

“Haha! Dream Ancestor Domain is a pinnacle domain type true treasure,” said Sky Wolf Master. “You want to—? Ah!”

Sky Wolf Master was shocked. That colorful dreamland started to clash, and with the help of Golden Country and Miniature Universe, the golden river was unstoppable.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The dreamland was like a huge star domain. It tried to expand, but it was forced to contract under the power of the golden river.

“Impossible! This is a true treasure of Dream Demon Ancestor! It won’t lose! Break! Break! Break!”

The green eyes of Sky Wolf Master glinted with fierceness. Dream Ancestor Domain formed a dreamy domain. It kept hitting the golden river, but it kept retreating and getting smaller.

“Hahaha! You’re destined to lose!” Luo Feng guffawed. “It’s useless.”

Golden Country and Ice Fog Sector combined, and they were already able to rival the ordinary pinnacle domain type true treasures. This was only slightly weaker than Dream Ancestor Domain!

As for Miniature Universe, it was more powerful than Ice Fog Sector. Miniature Universe, Golden Country, and Nine Tiger River… The combination of these three was slightly more powerful than Dream Ancestor Domain.

“Trap!” Luo Feng shouted.

He wasn’t far from Sky Wolf Master, who was in the area of Nine Tiger River. The golden river covered Sky Wolf Master like a huge egg, and the Dream Ancestor Domain remained around Sky Wolf Palace like a yolk.

“How is it possible? Dream Ancestor Domain is being suppressed!” Sky Wolf Master was shocked.

Once Luo Feng performed Miniature Universe, he immediately trapped and suppressed Sky Wolf Palace with the aid of Golden Country and Nine Tiger River. However, Luo Feng faced a difficult choice.

“Miniature Universe can only be maintained for nine seconds every time it’s performed! Even if I fly in light speed, I can only travel several million kilometers in nine minutes. I’m now 18 million kilometers away from Sky Wolf Master and almost 100 million kilometers away from the Flame Sand Cup. I can’t get to Sky Wolf Master or get the Flame Sand Cup solely by flying. I have to use my Mosha body!”

Mosha body could teleport himself several hundred times in one second, and he could travel several million kilometers every second. It would take around 30 seconds to travel 100 million kilometers! It would take around five seconds to travel 18 million kilometers!

“The most important thing is to get Flame Sand Cup.”

Luo Feng didn’t dare take any risks. He moved his mind, and Mosha body showed up.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Phantoms appeared in the golden river. They came from Mosha body moving at its greatest speed. He traveled 400 times every second, and it took him 24 seconds to get to the Flame Sand Cup.

The Flame Sand Cup was a strange, transparent cup filled with sand. Halos surrounded the sand. Mosha body took Flame Sand Cup and put it in the world ring. Then he performed his inherited technique Domain again and rushed toward the original earthling original. It took him another 24 seconds to get back to the original earthling body and get back into the world ring.

“Hahaha…” Luo Feng laughed.

He had to maintain “I Am the Universe,” so he couldn’t get into the world ring… 10 percent of his godly body was consumed every nine seconds, and around 60 percent of his godly body was gone. He had performed it twice while fighting for the Pulling Traces Diagram. Fortunately, he had Golden Horned Beast body to supply the godly power, so the original earthling body was still at its best status. However, Golden Horned Beast was extremely weak now. (After Luo Feng fought Yuan Ao Master, he went back to his god country once and filled the godly power.)

“Damn it!” The black form of Sky Wolf Master broke the golden waves with the dreamy light domain around his godly body.

However, after a few dozen seconds, he saw Luo Feng get the valuable. Although he tried his best, the golden waves were too broad, and with the golden country and miniature universe, he wasted all his time.

Hua!

Miniature Universe disappeared.

“Sky Wolf Master, you had You Mo Master to help you last time, and that was how you got the fragment of the Pulling Traces Diagram,” said Luo Feng. “How dare you fight me alone this time? If it weren’t for Dream Ancestor Domain, I would crush you so badly that you could only resort to hiding in your Sky Wolf Palace.” Luo Feng guffawed.

This infuriated Sky Wolf Master. “Human Luo Feng, are you really comparing yourself to me?”

“You were suppressed even after practicing for such a long time, and you think it’s an honor?” Luo Feng shook his wing, took back space seal, and flew into the distance.

Sky Wolf Master floated in the sky, watched, and clenched his teeth.

“Damn it.”

It was exceedingly difficult for a universe master to kill another universe master unless the power gap between them was significant, so most of the fights were about esteem. Sky Wolf Master and You Mo Master had suddenly utilized the two incredible true treasures Dream Ancestor Domain and Devil Islet Vine so they could surely get the fragments. However, he had fought Luo Feng for that Flame Sand Cup with Dream Ancestor Domain, but he lost the fight. It was like a slap in the face from Luo Feng.

“Damn it,” grumbled Sky Wolf Master. “That human nobody, he dared to… He dared to…!”

Sky Wolf Master recalled that he had been bestowed Dream Ancestor Domain because of a special situation, and he needed to return it to Dream Demon Ancestor. He was suppressed even with Dream Ancestor Domain; if he hadn’t had that… The more he thought about it, the more ashamed he got.

“I should’ve killed Luo Feng when I saw the first time.” Sky Wolf Master clenched his teeth. He saw You Mo Master look at him. “I’m coming.”

Sky Wolf Master teleported himself and went toward him. (Luo Feng had rescinded the space seal, so Sky Wolf Master was able to teleport.)

Perhaps all the universe masters, and also Black Universe Creator, thought that they had suffered a loss compared to other great beings, but they had all benefited big time! The only unlucky one was Yuan Ao Master who had self-destructed.

Luo Feng met Ice Mountain Master.

“Hahaha! I saw that Sky Wolf Master suffered losses, and you defeated him?” Ice Mountain Master smiled.

Luo Feng smiled. “I got Flame Sand Cup.”

“Flame Sand Cup?” Ice Mountain Master’s eyes gleamed, and he praised Luo Feng, “Impressive, Luo Feng. Flame Sand Cup is a top-tier domain type true treasure! Each top-tier domain type true treasure is precious. Like that Blade River Luo… The components are scattered, and it’ll take a long time to find all of them. Like your teacher, Star River Master, many well-known universe masters are using top-tier domain type true treasures.”

Luo Feng nodded. The uncle in front of him was also using a top-tier domain type true treasure.

“Actually, the reason why so many of them carry pinnacle true treasures is because of the mega-struggle,” said Ice Mountain Master. “Most of them don’t own pinnacle true treasures themselves but were lent them by universe supreme masters. It’s only been a short time since you became a universe master, but you possess better true treasures than many universe masters.”

Luo Feng smiled. Like Sky Wolf Master, he was only using a top-tier true treasure, and Sky Wolf Palace was only a senior flying-palace type true treasure.

“All your true treasures—wing, weapon, armor, and Flame Sand Cup —are incredible,” Ice Mountain Master complimented. “It’s just slightly inferior to your teacher’s.”

During the conversation, they broke the space and went back to the Yuan Ao Secret Region. Three beings flew toward them. They were Nine Remoteness Master, You Nan Master, and Anaconda Master.

“Luo Feng, do you want to go to the Ancestral God School?” said Nine Remoteness Master.

Luo Feng smiled. “Nine Remoteness Master, I’ve reported it to Ancestral God, and the task is finished. Now that Ancestral God knows, I don’t need to get back. I need to go back to the human territory.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader, we’ll separate here.” You Nan Master and Anaconda Master stood beside Nine Remoteness Master.

Hua!

The golden light shone, and Nine Remoteness Master, You Nan Master, and Anaconda Master went into the golden light and disappeared.

Luo Feng turned around and looked to Ice Mountain Master. “Uncle, let’s go.”

“Sure.” Ice Mountain Master nodded.

A green light shone, and Luo Feng and Ice Mountain Master left and went back to the human territory.

Every power had gained something, but Yuan Ao Master had died. After going back to the human territory, Luo Feng and Ice Mountain Master immediately connected to the virtual universe and told Primal Chaos City Leader everything.


Chapter 1158 Universe Ocean

The virtual universe, at the apex of Thunder Island.

Luo Feng and Ice Mountain Master walked through the hallway side by side, looking pleased. Although the fight on the original star had made him famous—and even made him a universe master—Luo Feng knew that he was still only one of the weakest universe masters. The real reason he had killed all those universe knights was that he’d wanted to regain ownership of Earth and give it back to the earthlings!

The earth was back now. The earthlings had become a bloodline in the universe just like Manka clan, the earthlings had also become a royal bloodline.

Luo Feng knew that he was still weak! He was still at a disadvantage with his Force Armor and Star Tower in front of Star River Master! Without that Star Tower, he was indeed one of the weakest. Fortunately…

Fortunately, I went to the original secret region and found another path, thought Luo Feng. Shi Wu Wings are very special and can control space and time! And I was lucky enough to get a top-tier domain type true treasure: Flame Sand Cup. Miniature Universe, Shi Wu Wings, and Flame Sand Cup… The combination of those three can definitely outpower a pinnacle domain type true treasure and rival the best pinnacle domain type true treasures! Perhaps only supreme true treasures would be able to suppress it. Under that move, my enemies’ power will be at least one level weaker.

Usually, the combination of Golden Country and Flame Domain can barely rival a pinnacle domain type true treasure. At crucial times, I can use Miniature Universe, but 10 percent of my godly body will be consumed.

When Luo Feng was still undying, it took 10 percent of his godly body, but now, Luo Feng could spend only 1 percent or even just 0.1 percent of his godly body to perform it, although the power would be significantly weaker.

Sadly, I only have one supreme technique, and it’s an aiding technique like Miniature Universe, Luo Feng thought. If only I had an attack type supreme technique.

Beings like Star River Master and Ice Mountain Master all had attack type supreme techniques.

I was one of the weakest before, but luckily, I had Force Armor to protect myself. Now, I can at least suppress Sky Wolf Master.

Luo Feng looked to the being sitting in the distance. He stopped thinking and walked toward him. “Teacher.”

“Brother!” yelled Ice Mountain Master.

“Sit,” said Primal Chaos City Leader as he poured grape wine for Luo Feng and Ice Mountain Master.

Luo Feng and Ice Mountain Master sat down.

“I can tell that you’ve gained a lot.” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “Good job, you two. Luo Feng, tell me everything that happened.”

“Sure.” Luo Feng nodded.

Ice Mountain Master was aloof. He had gained quite a few fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram during the fight in Yuan Ao Secret Region, and he’d been helped by Luo Feng, so he was exceptionally nice to Luo Feng.

“I followed the orders of Double-Face Ancestral Cod…” Luo Feng said and began to share the details.

Luo Feng knew the circumstances better than any other great being. After all, they had all joined after Luo Feng. Ice Mountain listened carefully. Luo Feng finished after a short while.

“Two fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram. Five…” Primal Chaos City Leader looked to Ice Mountain Master.

“Luo Feng’s so humble,” said Ice Mountain Master. “If it weren’t for his Golden Country, I wouldn’t have gotten so many against all those universe masters. That Golden Country. It can control space and time, and it’s even more powerful than a universe master’s control over space and time… With my Cold Fog Sector, it can rival a pinnacle domain type true treasure.”

“Golden Country?” Primal Chaos City Leader was thrilled. “What Golden Country? Luo Feng, when did you gain a true treasure to control space and time?”

“Hahaha… Brother, you’re his teacher. Even you don’t know?” Ice Mountain Master smiled, as he rarely saw his brother surprised

“I really don’t know.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng.

“It’s Shi Wu Wings,” answered Luo Feng.

“Shi Wu Wings?” Primal Chaos City Leader was awestruck.

Luo Feng nodded. “Yes. Shi Wu Wings. I got another true treasure wing on the original star by accident, and that pair of wings merged with the Shi Wu Wings. Together, they formed the wings I have now.”

“Merged? It was a broken true treasure?” Primal Chaos City Leader was shocked.

“A broken true treasure?” Ice Mountain Master was surprised, too.

“No wonder, no wonder,” said Primal Chao City Leader. “I got the Shi Wu Wings in Universe Ocean, and I felt that the material was special, but I couldn’t tell that it was broken from the outside. I just thought it was a wing true treasure made of special a material. It’s a component. Usually, the power will be affected if it’s only a component, but the Shi Wu Wings are perfect. It seems that true treasure is incredible.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“How’s its power?” asked Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Shi Wu Wings can control space and time,” said Luo Feng. “Better than universe masters but weaker than universe supreme masters. It must be a top-tier true treasure.”

“A top-tier true treasure!” Primal Chaos City Leader exclaimed. “It can control space and time, and it’s special. It must be more precious than ordinary top-tier domain type true treasures. Is the four-winged true treasure complete?”

“I don’t think so,” said Luo Feng.

He had a different status now, so he didn’t need to hide even if he had a pinnacle domain type true treasure. Besides, the Shi Wu Wings had been given to him by his teacher, so Primal Chaos City Leader would know if he got the third component. It would be best not to hide from him.

“It’s not?” Primal Chaos City Leader was surprised.

So was Ice Mountain Master. “It’s not?” he said.

“Haha…” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “It must be a top-tier pinnacle true treasure, and it’s special as well.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help asking, “Could it be a component of a supreme true treasure?”

“Haha, a component?” Primal Chaos City Leader couldn’t help laughing. “Luo Feng, all the supreme true treasures are perfect, and they’re indestructible. Even in the Lands of Extremis, they can’t be destroyed, which is why supreme true treasures are always born in one piece. Only owners of supreme true treasures can take parts of supreme true treasures. To break one? No one is able to do that.”

Luo Feng nodded. Supreme true treasures like Star Tower… Only Star Tower and seal stars could be taken out. As for breaking it, it was impossible.

“Brother,” said Ice Mountain Master. “Your disciple didn’t just help with the fragments. He also suppressed Sky Wolf Master—who was using Dream Ancestor Domain—and got the Flame Sand Cup.”

“Flame Sand Cup?” Primal Chaos City Leader’s eyes gleamed.

“By luck,” said Luo Feng.

Primal Chaos City Leader gazed at Luo Feng, looking confused. “Not by luck.” He shook his head. “Luo Feng, I know that your godly power is weaker than other universe masters and significantly weaker than Star River Master and me. However, if you’re able to suppress Sky Wolf Master and get the Flame Sand Cup… We wanted to protect you and only send you to Universe Ocean after you became a universe master. But now, you can go.”

Luo Feng was dazed. Universe Ocean?

“Brother?” Ice Mountain Master said, frowning.

Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head at Ice Mountain Master and looked at Luo Feng. “Universe Ocean is extremely dangerous, but some top-tier universe overlords will go there. You can go, but when you become a universe master, you’ll be another pillar of the human race. We planned for you to go to Universe Ocean after you became a universe master, but you’re stronger than we thought. You can go to Universe Ocean now.

“Comparatively, the original universe is only a cradle! A cradle that breeds and nurtures us. It’s safe. Universe Ocean is the real war zone. Many supreme beings before the great incarnation—and even universe supreme masters—are in Universe Ocean.” He stared at Luo Feng. “It’s more dangerous, especially the Lands of Extremis. Even universe supreme masters can die there.”

Luo Feng held his breath.

“That’s where the great beings gather,” continued Primal Chaos City Leader. “Many true treasures and valuables are born in Universe Ocean. It takes an eternity for original stars to open, and the most precious one is a pinnacle domain type true treasure. As for the depths of the Lands of Extremis, there are many supreme true treasures and countless pinnacle true treasures… Of course, don’t even go to the internal area, let alone the depths. You can only adventure in the outer area. You’ll be sharpened there. The great beings before the great incarnation are all older than those in the original universe! Those ancient great beings are almighty, and fighting them can give you more inspiration so that you can improve faster.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The great incarnation. When the original universe was born, transformed, operated, got weak, and died… this was an incarnation. Everything in the original universe would be annihilated after one incarnation. After the original universe bred new races, it would be another incarnation. As for the great beings before the great incarnation, some of them were able to survive the great incarnation.

“Go back and prepare,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Send me all the information on the fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram. I’ll send them to Huge Axe Founder. He and the virtual universe will determine how many contribution points you can get.”

Luo Feng nodded. He had made great contributions this time, but Primal Chaos City Leader didn’t have the authority to determine that.

“Brother, Luo Feng made the greater contribution this time,” said Ice Mountain Master. “Without him, we wouldn’t even know about the Yuan Ao Secret Region. I gained the five fragments with the help of Luo Feng.”

“If it weren’t for the power of Uncle, I would be useless,” said Luo Feng.

“Relax. Our race will treat contributors fairly.” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “Luo Feng, make some preparations. Universe Ocean is not a cradle like the original universe.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng answered.

“Universe Ocean!” Luo Feng whispered. He was looked forward to it.

Universe Ocean was boundless. No universe supreme masters were able to find the end of it. There was chaos airflow in Universe Ocean, and the original universe was known to be the largest celestial body there! It was unbelievably large.

Aside from the original universe, there were some other small universes. These small universes were less than one-billionth the size of the original universe. It was like an ocean compared to a drop of water!

There was a small universe 10 billion light years away from the original universe. Inside the small universe…

“Hahaha… The plan was made!” a towering iron being said. He had a pair of eyes that were on fire—eyes more terrific than billions of stars combined. “The naïve beings in the original universe didn’t suspect anything, but they tried to get the valuables. I gave up that soul slave Yuan Ao Master. I didn’t want to, but he didn’t make it. And Hao Lei threw the strange object, the godly wood. But it’s all worth it.”

The power trembled the ground.

“Don’t celebrate now,” a crawling, mountainous being covered with brown rocks growled. “It’s just the start. We need to wait for the harvest.”

“Yes.”

A lightning giant phantom was in the sky. There were lightning balls in the chest, each of which was like a star. “This era is our last chance,” he said. “If we can’t seize it, we’ll die, and so will our race.”

Silence.

The three great beings remained silent for a long time.

“We’ve set our plan, and we’re fully prepared,” said the lightning giant. “We sacrificed a lot, and we must succeed. For eternity, for race, we must succeed.”

“For eternity, for race,” said the crawling, mountainous being.

“For eternity, for race,” said the iron being.

The voices rang with absolute determination.

Chapter 1159

1159 Toya Black Hole

Within the vast expanse of the god country, rolling waves surged on the endless Remote Ocean.

“Remote Ocean?” Luo Feng stood by the edge of the palace square, overlooking the endless Remote Ocean as his consciousness established a connection with the virtual universe to investigate for more information.

Remote Ocean… This truly boundless existence was a domain filled with endless chaotic airflow and a land impregnated with various risks and dangers. The three most dangerous lands of all were: Tilted Peak Sector, Flowing Countless Mountains, and Universe Boat.

Other than these dangerous grounds, the other most common sights within the Universe Ocean would be the countless universes!

These universes were divided into two categories. The first category was the primal universe that had been born naturally within the Universe Ocean. The primal universe was the greatest existence within the entire Universe Ocean; it was one of a kind. The birth of a primal universe led to the breeding and evolution of trillions of races, which reached the peak of reproduction, then went through deterioration or decline, and then ruination. Reincarnation followed! After the final stage of ruination, everything would return to square one, when a new cycle would begin… This was how the primal universe had given birth of billions of races—and the birth of countless great beings.

The other category was the universe created by universe supreme beings.

The cultivation levels that great beings could attain were many. Undying great beings could own their god countries. And as a great being got stronger, his god country would gradually reach completion; after he became a universe master, the space within his god country and its time laws would be complete. When he cleared the final stage and became a universe supreme being, his entire god country would undergo the final change—it would transform into a miniature universe at its most primal form. Thereafter, it would start evolving gradually.

“Miniature universes are creations of universe supreme beings; no wonder Space Ancestor has one.”

Luo Feng sighed. Since he was about to make his way to Universe Ocean, he prepared by immersing himself in the abundant and complex information he had found.

“Right,” said Luo Feng. “The primal universe of humanity must be Teacher Origin’s creation. As he was being suppressed, the evolution of his primal universe stopped. That was why we were always in the primal stage.”

The primal universe was the point of origin of everything. It had given birth to billions of races, various types of life forms, and countless great beings.

The universe supreme beings that were born in a primal universe would henceforth create many miniature universes. Upon comparison, the miniature universes would never be comparable to the primal universe. Both were on completely different energy levels.

“One round of reincarnation… One round of reincarnation of the primal universe would give birth to countless races and a large number of great beings.” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up. “The so-called great beings before the final stage of ruination would be life forms from the previous universe era.”

Even the virtual universe network did not contain any background information about great beings before the final stage of ruination of each universe. Or, at least, Luo Feng did not find such information. But obviously, judging by his previous conversation with Primal Chaos City Leader, many great beings were still living even after the final stage of ruination!

“Every one of these great beings before ruination is more ancient than any of the great beings in our primal universe.” Luo Feng mused. “Those old fellows, with their countless periods of cultivation, have survived many various ordeals in Universe Ocean. I am sure they are not a group to be trifled with. Teacher is right. By comparison, our primal universe is merely a baby’s cradle! No wonder Teacher was not prepared to let me enter Universe Ocean too early. I have to show that I had a different kind of ability to gain recognition.”

Three days later.

A message arrived from Primal Chaos City Leader. The content was simple.

Luo Feng, after joint verification by Huge Axe Creator and the virtual universe system, you have contributed greatly this time, but the fragments of the Pulling Traces Diagram are individual fragments that showed no coherence. We are giving you 1,200 true treasure points for the fragments, and we are giving Ice Mountain Master 600 true treasure points to reward him for his efforts. You should prepare yourself; my deity body is rushing over from Universe Ocean. This time, I shall personally bring you into Universe Ocean in my deity form.

“Teacher’s deity form?” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up with great anticipation. “Teacher has three godly bodies. One assumes leadership duties in Primal Chaos City, another assumes leadership duties in the primal universe, and the third wanders about Universe Ocean. It is said that Teacher’s deity form that wanders in Universe Ocean has extremely high combat powers. This is something I have never seen before… Hmm. 1,200 true treasure points is twice the amount given to Teacher Uncle. Seems like the events of me providing my race with important information and helping Teacher Uncle in battle have been recognized as greater contributions.”

Luo Feng started pondering how he should make use of the 1,200 true treasure points. 1,200 true treasure points could roughly buy him an ordinary pinnacle true treasure weapon. Of course, top-tier domain type true treasures like his Flame Sand Cup would be more expensive—roughly 3,000 true treasure points. Even a slightly less superior top-tier domain type true treasure would require at least 2,000 true treasure points.

Top-tier flying palace type true treasures and top-tier soul type true treasures were all very valuable.

He already owned a soul type true treasure of the flying palace type: Blood Cloud Palace. But he dared not take it out into the open, as that would have been equivalent to revealing that he was Blood Cloud Palace Master.

“With 1,200 true treasure points, if I want to buy a top-tier flying palace type true treasure, then I do not have enough.” Luo Feng shook his head, “As for a senior flying palace type true treasure, the price is not worth paying. Forget it. I shall just keep it for future use when I need Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest to help me with making a precious true treasure. I will make use of these 1,200 true treasure points then.”

Luo Feng had already made plans for this trip to Universe Ocean. His original earthling body would take Golden Horned Beast body and Mosha body. The combined power of these three different bodies would justify why it was not worth spending 1,200 true treasure points on a senior flying palace type true treasure.

I shall not concern myself with this anymore, thought Luo Feng. Let me familiarize myself with my Flame Sand Cup first. By using Miniature Universe, Flame Sand Cup, and Shi Wu Wings concurrently, I will have the power to run rampant in Universe Ocean.

Luo Feng stood in the sky of the vast Remote Ocean.

Hong! Long!

In an instant, the boundless, blazing flames spread out in all directions. At the core of god country, a gigantic golden fireball appeared. Luo Feng stood directly in the middle of that golden fireball.

In the twinkling of an eye, almost a month had passed.

Within the human territory of the primal universe—in the primal secret region where Primal Chaos City Leader resided—Thousand Treasures River was as vast and mighty as ever, loosely stretching over a width of a few light years.

“Teacher,” Luo Feng said, bowing respectfully.

“Are you ready?” asked Primal Chaos City Leader. He had donned a golden robe and had green scales all over his head. His face was cool, just like an earthling. Both eyes were peaceful like the stars in the vast sky. Just standing there, he exuded an overwhelming power, as though the surrounding time and space might explode and shatter. It was an intensely aggressive aura.

“Yes, Teacher,” Luo Feng said with a nod while observing Teacher’s deity form.

Teacher’s deity form had the exact same look as the image that often appeared within the virtual universe. The body in charge of matters within Primal Chaos City was ferocious-looking, while the body in the primal universe had to be a special life-form.

“Follow me.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded and led the way—first through teleportation, then followed by god country transportation.

Shua!

In a deserted land in the primal universe, there was a gigantic black hole. This black hole had long caused the vast surrounding starfield to fall into darkness, but two figures appeared in a flash. They were none other than Primal Chaos City Leader and Luo Feng.

“There are two ways to get to Universe Ocean,” Primal Chaos City Leader explained. “One way is to enter the interlayer of space, then teleport all the way to the other end of the interlayer where the membrane walls of the endless universe will be. Then, one can go through the walls of the universe membrane. They are strongly obstructive, but any universe master can break through them.”

Luo Feng nodded as he listened intently.

“The second way is to go through this Toya Black Hole and leave the primal universe,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “The Toya Black Hole is said to be the strongest black hole in the whole primal universe. It has such a strong gravitational power that it keeps destroying the membrane walls, which is why, after entering the black hole, you are still able to exit right away.”

Luo Feng was shocked. “It’s really that powerful?”

“Black holes can be strong or weak,” Primal Chaos City Leader explained. “Of course, if it were so easy to walk out of here just like that, we would not allow all great beings to make their exit through here. The most important reason is that the region one reaches upon exiting the Toya Black Hole is surrounded by a total of natural 39 wormholes.”

“Natural wormholes?” Luo Feng’s eyes brightened.

“Universe Ocean is vast and boundless.” Primal Chaos City Leader said, “Once you enter Universe Ocean, you are no longer in an area under the influence of the primal universe. You won’t be able to depend on god country transportation or the dark universe to fly. If you want to roam Universe Ocean, you can only depend on teleportation or the natural wormholes. Universe Ocean is shockingly big. Even the primal universe is only a fraction of the vast Universe Ocean. Solely depending on teleportation, how long would that take?” Primal Chaos City Leader laughed. “That’s why the natural wormholes are so important.”

“Universe Ocean is full of illusions that are mysterious and… odious,” continued Primal Chaos City leader. “Luckily, we have many natural wormholes. Following the path along these natural wormholes from one end to the other may take a couple of billion light years. To move about quickly within Universe Ocean, the most common way is to depend on these natural wormholes. Thus, the majority of the journey will be spent moving along these wormholes. There are also some other journeys that will require teleportation. Of course, after an endlessly long period, a large quantity of natural wormholes would have been connected at two points, and these would be recorded. Thus, it is easy to find the fastest route to reach your destination.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Remember! Universe Ocean is different from the primal universe,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “The unique structure of the primal universe allows you to confirm coordinates wherever you are. However, there are no ways to confirm coordinates within the Universe Ocean. So, while within Universe Ocean, carrying a map is of the utmost importance. The reference objects on the map are also very important. Based on the map and the reference objects, you will not get lost. Getting lost in the Universe Ocean is terrifying. Once you lost your way… If you think to teleport to get back on the right track, you will more likely find yourself moving further away with each teleportation. Thereafter, you will be forever lost within Universe Ocean. If you are lucky enough, you may be able to find your way back… after countless eras.”

The very idea made Luo Feng’s heart tremble.

“That is why it is necessary for every universe master to leave an avatar in the primal universe,” continued Primal Chaos City Leader. “This will prevent him from getting completely lost within Universe Ocean if he meets with unforeseen circumstances. With an avatar around, at least you are still able to obtain a map. However, even if you do obtain a map, if you get lost somewhere too far away— where you cannot find a reference object on the map—it’s also game over for you. That’s why, when you are in Universe Ocean, you had better not run about as you please. If you want to explore Universe Ocean, you must depend on flight because whatever you fly by, you can record the details of it on the map.”

Luo Feng nodded his head repeatedly. He understood.

“The places on the map with clear markings are where you can teleport,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. Then he took on a serious tone, warning, “The places the map does not cover are unknown domains where teleportation is strictly forbidden. I am going to give you the map of Universe Ocean now. This is the most detailed map known to humanity. Of course, … it is merely a tiny little region within the midst of the Universe Ocean, but at least, the three dangerous lands are included in it.”

Soon, Luo Feng received an extremely complicated and gigantic map. It was so complex that it made Luo Feng’s heart tremble.

“Let’s go!” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “We shall go to Universe Ocean.”

Hong!

The two flew straight toward the depths of Toya Black Hole and quickly vanished from sight.

Chapter 1160

1160 Broken Universe

Toya Black Hole was the most powerful black hole in the original universe.

Hu! Hu!

The immense gravity—a forceful swallowing and distorting power— could turn a universe knight into ashes instantly, yet it was nothing to Luo Feng as he had his Force Armor to weaken it to 1/100,000th. Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader arrived at the deepest part of Toya Black Hole in a short while.

“That’s the original body of Toya Black Hole,” Primal Chaos City Leader said, pointing into the distance.

Luo Feng looked. It was a sphere with a diameter of three meters, and there were dark, golden engravings on the surface. The engravings formed a strange picture, and the ball was exerting terrific gravitational force. The membrane around the black hole was a membrane of the original universe, which created a hole with a diameter of around 10,000 kilometers.

Shua! Shua!

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader flew beside the black hole and resisted its gravitational pull. They flew along that membrane hole. Out there was Universe Ocean.

“Ha…”

Luo Feng flew into the Universe Ocean and saw the chaos airflow permeating. The chaos airflow was so terrifically powerful. It wasn’t aggressive at all, but the force would have been able to annihilate an undying fighter instantly.

“So powerful!” Luo Feng exclaimed. “Much more so than the chaos airflow of my miniature universe.”

“Chaos airflow is the source of the energies of a universe.” Primal Chaos City Leader stood in the space and looked at the endless chaos airflow. “I’m not sure about the original universe, but the miniature universes of universe supreme masters all have chaos airflow as their sources of energies. The chaos airflow in Universe Ocean is the purest—much purer than that in the primal universe.”

Luo Feng nodded. The primal universe was only a small universe, and the chaos airflow didn’t have pressure at all, which was why Luo Feng didn’t feel anything before when he was only at star-level.

“You’ll venture through Universe Ocean after leaving the original universe.” Primal Chaos City Leader turned around and looked to the back.

Luo Feng turned around as well. They saw the hole at the center of the membrane. It emanated as if it were a screen covering half of the Universe Ocean.

That’s the original universe? thought Luo Feng. The cradle that breeds billions of races? The cradle that bred me?

He didn’t feel the pressure from the original universe, but he felt it was untouchable, just as an ordinary person felt the sun was untouchable.

“Why did Teacher Origin dare to go against the original universe?” whispered Luo Feng.

“The stronger you get, the more you see.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at the membrane. “Even universe supreme masters, those born before the great incarnation, didn’t dare to go against the original universe. Teacher Origin is the only one. Perhaps you’ll only understand that when you can roam Universe Ocean and defeat those universe supreme masters from born before the great incarnation.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Let’s go.”

Primal Chaos City Leader took Luo Feng and teleported them. There were 39 space holes in total, all of which were natural wormholes.

“39 natural wormholes of varying sizes. They all lead to different places.” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “You can distinguish among these wormholes, right?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded. The map was accurate, and there were many descriptions. It would be a horrendous thing to lose one’s way in Universe Ocean. Luo Feng pointed to a relatively large wormhole. “We’ll go along the 15th wormhole.”

“Yes.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Let’s go.”

There was chaos everywhere in Universe Ocean. However, universe masters didn’t use their sight alone. The godly power they permeated could help them ‘see’ the surroundings as well, which worked better than eyes.

Natural wormholes! Teleportation! Teleportation! Teleportation!

Every time, they teleported themselves 10,000 light years away, and the mind and willpower of a universe master helped them teleport at the fastest speed.

After two days, two beings emerged from a space whirlpool.

“Ah!” Luo Feng was shocked.

He saw a huge membrane in front of a gigantic celestial body. However, the membrane was broken. He saw hundreds of holes and cracks on it, allowing chaos airflow to travel between Universe Ocean and the membrane.

“This…” Luo Feng was shocked. “This is a small universe?”

“This is a miniature universe with a diameter of 100 million light years,” said Primal Chaos City Leader, dressed in a golden cape. He looked at the small universe and whispered, “A broken miniature universe.”

“Broken?” said Luo Feng. Although he had the map, it was too complicated. He only got knew the reference objects. He didn’t read the details.

“When a universe supreme master dies, his miniature universe will be broken as well.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng. “The highest form of a great being is a universe supreme master, and the highest form of a god country is a miniature universe. If an undying fighter dies, his god country will be left broken. If a universe supreme master dies, his miniature universe will be broken as well! Let’s go. I’ll show you this broken miniature universe.”

Sou!

One teleportation transferred Luo Feng to a crack of the membrane.

“Universe membrane.” Luo Feng saw the chaos airflow traveling and hitting that crack, trembling it.

It was a crack more than 30,000 kilometers tall and hundreds of kilometers wide.

“This is…” Luo Feng looked at it.

There were space and land fragments—huge mountains were floating, as well as some broken dead bodies.

Hua!

A part of the membrane broke off. The universe was crumbling. Sometimes, a part of the universe membrane came off, and sometimes, the fragments hit each other. The universe just kept crumbling.

“The original universe breeds countless great beings, and after some time, the original universe will reach it pinnacle level, die, and be destroyed!” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “After which, another incarnation will begin, and lots of genius will be born. Some universe supreme masters and lots of universe masters will be born. One incarnation takes an eternity. In every incarnation, there will be some universe supreme masters, and they’ll each have one miniature universe. Lots of miniature universes are unable to be detected. We’ve found 18,022 small universes in total.”

Luo Feng held his breath.

“This is the third universe era,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “And there were two universe eras before us. In the entire Universe Ocean… Other than two sanctuaries, only great beings of the three universe eras are still alive. As for the others, they’re all dead.”

“Three universe eras?” Luo Feng was shocked. “Huh?”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Yes, there are three universe eras represented in Universe Ocean. Our third universe era is still thriving. As for the two eras before us, they’ve been through a complete incarnation. As a result, they have much more great beings than we do. We’re in the third universe era, and it’s the weakest era. The first era was the strongest.”

Luo Feng understood it as well. At the start of the original universe, it would take a long time for great beings to be born. After all, techniques needed time to be perfected. However, as time went by, it would take less time. The third universe era, which he was in, might have only been through half the incarnation, yet the former two eras had been through the incarnations completely, so the number of great beings was different.

Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head and smiled. “No need to look down upon ourselves. Teacher Origin roamed Universe Ocean and was invincible! All the universe supreme masters avoided him.”

“Teacher, did you say three universe eras and two sanctuaries?” Luo Feng frowned. “Which two?”

“Actually, we can tell from the number of small universes that a great number of universe supreme masters was born. However, almost all of them are broken already. Apparently, those universe supreme master all died.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“There are two powers in the Universe Ocean other than the three universe eras, and they belong to one miniature universe,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “The two miniature universes were born tens of incarnations before us.”

Luo Feng was shocked. There were still beings alive from before the two incarnations?

“Those two miniature universes are enormous,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Normally, a miniature universe has a diameter of 100 million light years. As for those two, one is 2.1 billion light years, and the other is 3.2 light years. They’re the biggest miniature universes, and we can’t tell which incarnation they belong to.”

Luo Feng was shocked. If those two miniature universes had survived all the incarnations, they were indeed incredible.

“Three universe eras and two sanctuaries are the powers in the Universe Ocean. Of course, there’s no unity within any universe era. Just as our era is divided among nine superpowers and twelve top-tier powers, the other two eras are also divided among tens of powers, so Universe Ocean is chaotic. Any other power will attack you.”

Chapter 1161

1161 The External Domain of Tilted Peak Sector

Primal Chaos City Leader stood amidst the void space.

“Three universe reincarnation eras can be divided into dozens of powers, with the total almost up to 100 powers,” he said. “Close to 100 powers… yet not one of these is comparable to the two holy grounds.” He sighed. “Both of these two holy grounds are extremely powerful. Compared one-to-one, no power stands up to theirs. Of course, if we were to look at an entire universe reincarnation era and not just individual powers, even our primal universe—which seems to be the weakest reincarnation era—would be stronger than either one of the holy grounds alone. I am guessing that it would need the total powers of both holy grounds to be comparable to the power of our entire primal universe.”

But Luo Feng was genuinely shocked. The power of an entire primal universe?

There were only a couple of universe supreme beings in the primal universe! For instance, the Hong Alliance had slightly more than 30 universe masters from its top nine powers and top-tier 12 powers, but the highest power stopped at the top-tier level. Although it did not have any universe supreme beings, its universe masters were far from weak. Some other universe masters were lone wanderers, some stayed hidden, and some had gone missing. Adding all these up, the entire primal universe could be estimated to have at least 1,000 universe masters!

There were only a couple of universe supreme beings but close to 1,000 universe masters! And two holy grounds had to be combined powers to stay competitive and comparable?

“Don’t look so shocked,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Putting together both holy grounds, the total quantity of universe masters might not match up to ours in the primal universe, but they may have undergone countless cycles of reincarnation.” He sighed. “They may not best us in terms of quantity, but in terms of quality… they are top-notch! At least, they dared to step out of their comfort zone to wander and roam, and most of them can comprehend a strongest technique.”

Luo Feng sucked in a breath of cool air. A strongest technique? Those who came out were all able to comprehend the strongest techniques?

“This was the information recorded by great beings from the primal universe, the final stage of ruination of the second universe era, the first universe era, and the two holy grounds.” With a wave, Primal Chaos City Leader took out a transparent crystal ball that was dazzling with threads of golden light. In a serious tone, he said, “This is extremely classified information, and it has taken us eons to collect it; some of these materials may implicate highly confidential events. Even if the powers of our primal universe did communicate and exchange information, the highly confidential ones are always kept hidden. Once you have finished going through them, destroy it all.”

“Yes, Teacher,” Luo Feng said, nodding.

He understood. During the trip to Universe Ocean, Primal Chaos City Leader had been gradually briefing him on some of the information he needed to know first and foremost. If such a great deal of information was directly given to him while still in the primal universe, he might not have absorbed it with due vigilance. But in Universe Ocean, if one saw how the universe had undergone ruination and personally experienced the kind of shock it brought about, he would come to hold such information in high regards.

With the transparent crystal ball in his hand, Luo Feng penetrated it with his godly power. At that moment, information rushed into his mind…

Within this universe that was collapsing, there were a few godly corpses floating afar. Primal Chaos City Leader’s attention was focused on Luo Feng, who was accepting the information he had been given.

“This… this…” Luo Feng’s eyes widened as he gazed at Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Have you felt the pressure yet?” Primal Chaos City Leader laughed.

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded repeatedly.

After learning all this confidential information, Luo Feng felt a rising sense of crisis. It was too weak! The primal universe he was from was indeed the weakest! His godly power was at a disadvantage. Being the weaker side, he relied on Miniature Universe, Shi Wu Wings, and Flame Sand Cup to enable himself to be one of the better-faring ones in the primal universe. However, if he was compared amongst those in the Universe Ocean, it was obvious that he would be at the end of the line.

Just like the two holy grounds, in terms of godly power, Luo Feng lost when it came to strength. Furthermore, all of those that formed the two holy grounds were able to comprehend their strongest technique. Meanwhile, even if Luo Feng had Miniature Universe, Shi Wu Wings, and Flame Sand Cup to boost his power, he still ranked at the bottom compared to the two holy grounds.

“Initially, I intended for you to come here only after you had become a universe master,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “You may not have the ability to win fights, but you are very competent at keeping yourself alive. If you continue to sharpen and hone your skills, it will be very helpful in helping you become a universe master.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Let’s go.”

Shua!

Primal Chaos City Leader led the way for Luo Feng. They left this miniature universe that was on the verge of collapsing in an instant and continued on their journey.

They continuously teleported at a high frequency, at times traveling along natural wormholes.

On the sixth day after Luo Feng entered Universe Ocean, amidst the endless chaotic airflow…

“Right ahead is one of the dangerous lands,” said Primal Chaos City Leader, pointing to a point far ahead. “‘Vibrating Sand River.’ Although its danger level is much lower than the three most dangerous lands, if caught trespassing, you would still face the danger of annihilation. Even for me, I must pay extra caution when exploring that land. If we were so arrogant as to teleport anywhere we wish within the Vibrating Sand River, I’m afraid we would be in danger of being annihilated.”

Luo Feng nodded. On the Universe Ocean map given to him previously, there were many descriptions of the various dangerous lands, and Vibrating Sand River was considered an average one.

“Within Universe Ocean, we humans must know the dangerous lands,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “The total consists of more than 3,000 places, and with the passing of time, the numbers are gradually increasing.” He laughed and continued, “Universe Ocean is truly too big! Only places like the two holy grounds would know more about these dangerous lands, but they are not willing to share the information with us.”

In a blink of the eye, it was already Luo Feng’s eighth day in the Universe Ocean.

Primal Chaos City Leader brought Luo Feng on another teleportation before they finally stopped.

“Very soon, we will be able to see one of the three most dangerous lands, ‘Tilted Peak Sector.’ The other dangerous lands were nothing compared to Tilted Peak Sector.”

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader stood in the void space, side-by-side, and gazed into the distance.

Luo Feng squinted. “Wow…”

In the distance was a lofty mountain. One of the peaks had fallen off to mid-mountain level, as though some great existence with limitless power had sliced through the mountain horizontally, causing the peak to fall off midway down the mountain.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

From the peak of that slippery main mountain, enormous waterfalls cascaded down, landing midway down the mountain. The water flow spread out to fill its surroundings, submerging a small part of the fallen mountain peak. At the same time, countless small rocks rotated around that mountain peak in continuous flight.

“That is Tilted Peak Sector,” explained Primal Chaos City Leader. “It is named ‘Tilted Peak’ because the mountain’s peak fell in this tilted manner. Look at those small rocks.” He pointed to the countless rocks continuously flying in a winding manner around the mountain and said with a laugh, “We are currently 100 million light years away. They seem like small rocks from here. If you were to guess, how big do you think they are?”

Luo Feng was stunned. The Universe Ocean Map that was given to him was considered very detailed in its descriptions of Tilted Peak Sector; for instance, Tilted Peak Sector’s main mountain stood at a height of 98.02 million light years, and the fallen peak had a maximum diameter of 12.26 million light years. The external domain made up the outside area of the mountain. Its danger level was lower, but some dangerous spots in the external domain would still be enough to annihilate certain universe masters who were weaker in the ability to save themselves.

The internal domain made up the inside area of the mountain. The danger level here was very high; even the strongest universe masters might be annihilated. Meanwhile, at the core of the mountain… even universe supreme beings might be annihilated!

“The rocks…?” Luo Feng muttered under his breath. “The map did not provide any descriptions of the sizes of those rocks, whether they are big or small. But if the main mountain is tall as 98.02 million light years, then, going by proportion, we could estimate the sizes of those rocks.”

Luo Feng tried to visualize how big the rocks were by estimation.

“I suppose the size would be measured in terms of light years,” he said, again shocked by what he just learned.

Within the primal universe, a mountain as tall as 100 million light years was an impossible sight. For a single rock to take a size that had to be calculated in light years… Only Universe Ocean, where the primal universe had emerged from, could make this possible.

Primal Chaos City Leader laughed. “Let’s go. We are still very far from it; we still need to teleport for quite some time.”

A while later, Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader made it to the external area of Tilted Peak Sector.

Hua! Hua!

Numerous gigantic boulders flew about at high speeds. Previously, while they had observed the scene from 100 million light years away, these had appeared to be small rocks. Now, looking at them close-up, they were so big that they were practically immeasurable, and all of them were maintaining a speed of flight that was several times the speed of light. (The ultimate speed of light in Universe Ocean was not the same as the speed of light in the primal universe).

“Look,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “That is one of the great beings from the Jiu race, one of the pinnacle races from the first universe era.”

Primal Chaos City Leader pointed to a beast in the distance. It took the look of a flying beast with gigantic wings covered with scales and a blood-red body. It was looking in their direction.

“Primal Chaos City Leader!” it said.

The flying beast’s single eye flashed a look of fear, then it teleported away as soon as it could.

“The Jiu race…” said Luo Feng.

He recalled that the races that had been born two universe reincarnation eras before the final ruination would exhibit differences from the Jiu race in the current primal universe upon undergoing changes. The Jiu race had been born within the current primal universe, but the entire race had since been exterminated. However, during the first universe reincarnation era, it had actually developed into a pinnacle race!

Shua! Shua! Shua!

They teleported repeatedly, and another long moment passed. Passing by celestial rocks that were flying at a speed which was a few times faster than the speed of light, they finally landed on a celestial rock with a diameter of approximately 8.2 light years.

“The external domain of Tilted Peak Sector has countless celestial rocks, and these rocks are constantly flying at an extremely high speed,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. He stood on the surface of the celestial rock and looked around at the surrounding void space. “However, standing on this celestial rock, you will realize that… all the other rocks appear relatively static.”

Luo Feng nodded. Yes. The rocks that were near the main mountain peak were flying slowly, while the ones farthest away flew the fastest. This was how the relative distance between the countless rocks was kept at an eternal constant.

“Huge Axe Creator is currently here in Tilted Peak Sector.” Primal Chaos City Leader laughed and continued, “So, the great beings of our human race in Universe Ocean are mainly gathered here in Tilted Peak Sector.”

Understanding dawned upon Luo Feng. “No wonder Huge Axe Creator was not aware of what happened earlier in the Yuan Ao Secret Region. He was right here.”

“This celestial rock will be the temporary gathering point for our human race,” Primal Chaos City Leader explained. “Of course, universe masters of other races from the Hong Alliance will be gathering here, too. Follow me.”

He led Luo Feng away via short-distance teleportation.

Shua!

They reached another spot that was three light years away from the celestial rock. On the surface of the celestial rock, any of those indentations could easily be as deep as a million miles or even more.

Amidst this valley was a temple. Outside the temple, two figures were engaged in casual conversation. When they saw Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader arriving all of a sudden, they rushed to greet him.

“Primal Chaos City Leader,” said one.

“Primal Chaos City Leader, you have arrived,” said the other. “Have you brought Luo Feng?”

The moment Luo Feng landed within the valley, he could sense a total of five universe masters inside and outside the temple. They were all universe masters whom Luo Feng had seen before via the virtual universe, and they exuded auras that were the same as the simulated ones in the virtual universe, which was why he was able to determine their identities clearly. Out of these five universe masters, three were from the human race, and two were members of the Hong Alliance and were from non-human races.

“Primal Chaos City Leader.”

“Primal Chaos City Leader.”

Three figures stepped out from the palace to welcome them, clearly appearing because Primal Chaos City Leader was a figure of an extremely high position.

“Milky Way Horde Leader, welcome to Tilted Peak Sector.”

Friendly laughter resounded. This was someone Luo Feng was familiar with: Remote Lord Master.


Chapter 1162: Pu Ti’s Ambition

In the godly palace, seven universe masters sat around the round table.

“We all come from Tilted Peak Sector to see you, knowing you were here.”

Remote Lord Master smiled. Both of them were of the bloodline of Teacher Origin. One was a disciple of Darkness Master, and the other was a disciple of Primal Chaos City Leader, so they were naturally close.

Luo Feng looked around. “Peng Gong Master, Absolute Darkness Master, Firestone Master, Roach Prison Master… Thanks for welcoming me here.”

“This is the first time you entered Universe Ocean. We surely need to welcome you here.” Peng Gong Master stroked his beard and smiled. “Some universe masters entered the water area or internal area of Tilted Peak Sector. It’ll take them at least 100 years— sometimes even an era—to fly out, as they need to dodge the dangerous places, which is why they’re not here.”

Luo Feng nodded. The more dangerous the place was, the more cautious he needed to be when teleporting.

“It’s the first time Luo Feng has entered Universe Ocean, so, according to the tradition…” Primal Chaos City Leader waved his hands, and wine cups showed up in front of all the universe masters. There was already wine in them. Primal Chaos City Leader smiled and said to his disciple, “Milky Way Horde Leader, we wish for you to have endless true treasures and eternal life!”

The other five universe masters followed: “Endless true treasures, eternal life.”

Luo Feng nodded. “Endless true treasures and eternal life.”

He knew about this tradition as well. After all, it would be a real adventure in Universe Ocean. Even universe masters with multiple bodies could die! Even universe supreme masters could be killed! Nobody could say for sure that they could survive! They could only avoid those places that were too dangerous.

Without a doubt, it was an adventure in Universe Ocean! And they were all there for valuables.

“Milky Way Horde Leader, although we wish you endless true treasures and eternal life, I have some warnings to give you,” said Firestone Master.

Luo Feng raised his eyebrow and smiled. “Please go on, Firestone Master.” He’d heard that Firestone Master was stubborn and straightforward.

Firestone Master’s voice resounded in the palace. “You power is enough to see the outer area of Tilted Peak Sector with other universe masters. However, it’s not enough to adventure alone and get true treasures. The universe supreme masters from the first universe era are all maniacs. If you meet one of them, you might die! Of course, you have multiple bodies, but the true treasures with your human body might be gone. I think your true treasures are highly valuable.”

Luo Feng shook his head. It was indeed true that this Firestone Master was forthright. He knew he was not strong enough, but it was unnecessary to be so frank.

“That’s right,” said Remote Lord Master. “The great beings from the first universe era are mad. They might haunt you to death.”

“We can’t really blame them,” said Absolute Darkness Master. “There were generations of incarnations in the universe. Even if they can survive the big bang of the original universe, a great being can live, at most, for three incarnations,. When the time has come, all the great beings of the first universe era will die, including universe supreme masters.”

“That’s right, three eras at most.”

“Just look at those broken miniature universes, and you’ll know how many universe supreme masters have died. Almost nobody can live for more than three incarnations.”

“Except the two sanctuaries.”

“Those are only two universes.”

Luo Feng nodded. There were indeed lots of mysteries in Universe Ocean. Why three incarnations only? And why were the two sanctuaries the exceptions?

How large was Universe Ocean? How many small universes were there in Universe Ocean? How many dangerous places were there? How many Lands of Extremis were there? Were there only three Lands of Extremis? Could there be a fourth Land of Extremis aside from the Tilted Peak Sector, Flowing Countless Mountains, and Universe Boat?

“The first universe era faces extinction,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “So they train themselves with madness. Without a doubt, you can only break the circle if you get stronger! After all, the two sanctuaries succeeded, so nobody wants to give up. Luo Feng, you need to watch out for the great beings of the first universe era.”

“Yes, teacher.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Not only those from the first universe era,” said Firestone Master. “You need to mark down all those top-tier universe masters. You need to avoid them, and the two sanctuaries. You need to avoid everyone from the two sanctuaries. You’re nothing compared to them.”

Luo Feng frowned.

“I know you’re upset now, but this is for us of the Hong Alliance,” said Firestone Master. “If you run into danger, report it to the virtual universe, and the virtual universe system will tell all the great beings in the Hong Alliance. Great beings closest to you will get there as soon as possible.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded his head without saying anything further.

He was indeed a bit displeased, but he didn’t defend himself against anything. He wanted to prove himself with his accomplishments.

Soon, Remote Lord Master, Peng Gong Master, Absolute Darkness Master, Firestone Master, and Roach Prison Master left the palace and started to adventure through Tilted Peak Sector.

Roach Prison Master and Firestone Master were talking in the space of the outer area of Tilted Peak Sector.

“Firestone, why were you so mean just now? Luo Feng isn’t that weak.”

“Why? Why do I have to be less mean? Just because of Primal Chaos City Leader? Besides, I wasn’t wrong.” Firestone Master’s nose exhaled fire. “Luo Feng fought Master of Banff before. Master of Banff is good at illusions and bad at material attack, and he doesn’t even have a supreme technique. How did Luo Feng do? He was suppressed, and he could barely rival Master of Banff with that miniature universe.”

“That miniature universe killed all those universe knights with one shot,” Roach Prison Master said.

“Humph! He can only kill the weaker ones,” said Firestone Master. “A miniature universe is like a domain type true treasure. It can only kill the weak, but what about the strong? It can only aid, and that kind of supreme technique requires a lot of energy. It consumes godly power, and it can only add some power. Even so, he only has material attack skills equivalent to Master of Banff. Without that miniature universe, anyone can crush him.”

Firestone Master was breathing fire again as he continued, “Humph! I was being too nice. He is one of the weakest. Those ancient guys from the first universe era are all mad, and everyone from the two sanctuaries can crush him. Was I wrong? If he dies, the true treasures will be seized. How long has he practiced? The true treasures might be bestowed by the human race. We have to make great efforts to get a good universe master, yet he has so many after just becoming a universe master. Just wait and see. He’ll be crushed.”

“Yes, he is indeed weak.” Roach Prison Master lowered his giant head.

“Humph!” said Firestone Master. “He’s human, so his teacher Primal Chaos City Leader will go rescue him every time he’s in danger. Without his teacher, he’ll definitely be killed in Tilted Peak Sector.”

Only Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader were left in the palace. “Luo Feng, I’ll go adventure, as well,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Contact me through the virtual universe.”

“Yes, teacher.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Okay.” Primal Chaos City Leader glanced at Luo Feng, smiled, and disappeared.

Luo Feng looked back to the godly palace. He was the only one here now. It seemed that great beings in Universe Ocean were indeed sharpening themselves.

“I need to study the information on Tilted Peak Sector and great beings.”

On a rock outside the godly palace, Luo Feng closed his eyes with his legs crossed and started to organize the information and highlight the important parts.

Hua!

The rocks were flying at a speed several times the speed of light, but Luo Feng looked tranquil. He didn’t rush to adventure the outer area of Tilted Peak Sector.

“Huh?” Luo Feng took a token out. “Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest is contacting me? No wonder it’s a true treasure communications token. I can make contact even in Universe Ocean.” Luo Feng penetrated the token with a trace of his mind.

“Luo Feng, are you in Universe Ocean?” Sitting Mountain Guest passed on a piece of information.

“Yes,” answered Luo Feng.

“Which Lands of Extremis?” asked Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Tilted Peak Sector. How do you know I am in one of the Lands of Extremis?”

“Because they have the most true treasures. Where else would you go? Some remote and dangerous places with few valuables? The human race is not stupid. Okay, if you run into danger, you can call for help, but I hope you won’t do so.”

“I understand,” answered Luo Feng.

Universe Ocean, deep in the chaos airflow, in a dangerous place known as “Bei Hua Xue Lan Domain.”

A palace was floating. There were servants in the palaces; all of them were universe knights. This was where Sitting Mountain Guest really lived, and Bei Hua Xue Lan Domain represented him.

There were almost 100 powers in Universe Ocean, but no power wanted to mess with Sitting Mountain Guest. Everyone knew he was a handful.

Inside the palace, a towering elder sat on the throne, and a human with a snake’s tail and a human body was serving him.

“Haha, Pu Ti, your little brother entered Universe Ocean as well,” Sitting Mountain Guest’s voice rumbled.

“Congratulations, teacher,” said Pu Ti.

“It’s too early to congratulate me now. He’s not powerful enough.” Sitting Mountain Guest looked down at Pu Ti. “Pu Ti, you’ve been following me the longest, so you know me the best. Your second brother disappoints me, so I have almost given up on him now. You’re the most hard-working one, but I know that Luo Feng has the greatest potential, followed by your second brother. You have the least potential, but now, you’re the strongest.”

Pu Ti bowed. “I’ve been practicing for the longest time, and I’ve been by your side. I’ve seen a lot, so I comprehended more.”

He was low-key and never showed off. Even Flame Emperor looked down on Pu Ti, as he only viewed him as a servant. He didn’t know that Pu Ti had surpassed him.

“I’ll give you a chance. The same chance your second and third brother have. Go to Universe Ocean.” Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Pu Ti and took out a piece of blue wood. “I can’t give you the true treasure that suits you best, so I’ll give you this strange object. Godly wood… I’ve had it for an eternity, but I just view it as a collectible. You should be able to wield its power.”

Pu Ti’s godly body trembled. The same chance his second and third brother had? He’d been waiting for this for so long.

“Yes, teacher, I’ll try my best not to disappoint you.” Pu Ti bowed, but his voice was filled with faith.

Sitting Mountain Guest nodded. “Go.”

Pu Ti bowed again before leaving the palace.

Sitting Mountain Guest looked through the palace door ward Tilted Peak Sector in the distance, and he said slowly, “I’ve been waiting for too long…”


Chapter 1163: Calling for Help

On the surface of the celestial rock was a soul that looked as big as a speck of dust—standing at a height of thousands of kilometers was the human form of Luo Feng.

“Tilted Peak Sector!”

Luo Feng stood on the celestial rock and looked around the vast void space that surrounded him. From afar, he could see the lofty and boundless main mountain with a gigantic waterfall cascading from its peak. It exuded endless power without restraint; this power attracted countless celestial rocks to circulate it while in flight, and it also forced a great amount of chaotic airflow to break apart.

“From today onward, I, Luo Feng, shall start to roam Universe Ocean.”

Radiant rays surged in Luo Feng’s eyes, making them sparkle like crystals.

Shua!

He disappeared from the celestial rock right away and reappeared amidst the faraway void space. Thereafter, he repeatedly teleported himself and charged down toward the boundless water domain that took form upon repeated impact by the cascading waterfall.

Tilted Peak Sector’s external domain could be divided into space domain and water domain. Space domain referred to the void space where many gigantic celestial rocks flew about randomly. The danger level here was extremely low, as only some celestial rocks would occasionally pose a degree of danger. The majority of these countless celestial rocks had already been explored over a long period of time. That was why great beings would more often refer to the external domain of Tilted Peak to the water domain.

The water domain that took form under the impact of the cascading waterfall spread out to encircle the entire main mountain. There were jagged rocks of distorted forms fraught with danger. Many areas would deter even universe masters from teleporting about. Universe masters had to be extremely careful even when they were flying forward. They would only dare teleport when they were by the area near the edge of the water domain and had carefully inspected with a domain type true treasure to ensure that the coast was clear.

“The most common yet most terrifying danger found within the water domain in the external domain of Tilted Peak Region would be… ‘water flow spirit.’”

Luo Feng stood high up in the sky and overlooked the vast water domain beneath him. The water domain was massive, with a diameter of a couple hundred million light years. It was even bigger than an entire human universe kingdom! And bigger than the Ancestral God secret region!

“Water flow spirits have no intelligence, nor do they bear any consciousness,” Luo Feng said to himself. “They only have basic instincts. They will only attack you if you get close to them… A water flow spirit in this water domain will be able to rely on its surroundings for power, and such power is comparable to that of a universe master.”

Thereafter, he was extremely careful as he directly rushed into the water domain below him, causing splashes of water as he landed.

In Universe Ocean, even undying godly spirits would be annihilated the moment they entered. Yet this endless water domain was able to exist. Clearly, there must have been something extraordinary about this “water;” every drop was like a star, and when waves of this water surged, the impact was extremely frightening. However, universe masters would still be able to block off this impact without difficulty.

“The water domain is fraught with danger but loaded with treasures.” Luo Feng was also aware that the treasures within the water domain existed in various forms. To obtain a treasure, one needed luck, power, and guts.

When Luo Feng entered the water domain, the depths of the vast and limitless water domain was around 100 million light years. With such a large quantity of undulating rocks, and the water pressure reaching such a frighteningly suppressive degree, even a universe knight could have turned to powder in an instant.

Hong! Long! Long! Long!

One celestial stone slowly rose from beneath, causing the surrounding stones to start vibrating as it continued its gradual emergence… Slowly, it continued.

The entire process took quite a while before coming to a halt. The celestial stone was already jutting out at an approximate height of close to a million kilometers. Then peace resumed.

Being 100 million light years away, Luo Feng did not detect anything amiss. He continued to explore the water domain with extreme care, and he was only at the shallowest region of the water domain.

Three million light years away from Luo Feng.

Firestone Master, with his towering godly body vaguely encircled by flames, flew slowly within the water domain. As a matter of course, he had parted ways with Roach Prison Master. After all, while roaming the Universe Ocean, the chances of finding treasures would be higher if one was traveling alone.

“Humph! Humanity sent Luo Feng into Universe Ocean, probably for him to hone his skills and steel himself. They want to cultivate his ability well. We, the non-human races from the Hong Alliance, did not have such opportunities.” Firestone Master was filled with bitterness. “He was able to gain so many true treasures without having to take any risks. It was said that, at the sector lord level, he already owned a few true treasures. We shall see. See how much trouble this fellow can create. I think it won’t take him long to start calling various parties for help.”

Firestone Master was filled with disdain. Such occurrences of great beings seeking help were not unprecedented. Way back when the demons of the primal universe wanted to cultivate and train Chang Vulture Master, who was an extraordinary genius with staggering powers and extremely high potential, they sent him into Universe Ocean to enable him to hone his skills. They bestowed him with some formidable true treasures for self-protection. When he met with dangers that he could not ward off or resist, other great beings from the demon race would send help immediately.

After a long period of training and cultivation, Chang Vulture Master eventually became a universe master known to be the cream of the crop and a most frightening figure! He was high in the ranks, only second to Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor. Apparently, Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor were incredibly sharp in identifying Chang Vulture Master’s potential.

But… this did not conceal the fact that Chang Vulture Master had sent out calls for help on several occasions, and those calls for help had created quite a commotion among the entire demon alliance. “Luo Feng has great potential. Definitely an extraordinary genius with astounding power but obviously still at the bottom of the ranks. If he were to run into the older universe masters, he would be at a great disadvantage and would probably have to send out calls for help.” Firestone Master shook his head. “Make a scene, just go ahead and make a scene. There is only one thing that I don’t know. Will he be able to reach the level of Chang Vulture Master of the demon race in the future?”

Although he was displeased, Firestone Master knew that the moment Luo Feng asked for help, if he was nearby, he would immediately dash over to wherever Luo Feng was to render help.

“If he asks for help and I provide him with help, I’ll be able to give him a piece of my mind,” Firestone Master said to himself.

He knew that this would make Luo Feng unhappy, but he was a universe master who had undergone an immeasurable period of cultivation. Why should he allow himself to be bound by any rules— or anything else at all? If he wanted to laugh, he would; if he felt like scolding, he should; he was die-hard stubborn. So what?

I am unhappy with you, he thought. I would curse at you. I simply cannot find anything pleasing about you, Luo Feng. So what can you do?

Firestone Master was in the depth of the water domain, careful to avoid the water flow spirits in the distance. The water flow spirits were all white. At times, they took the form of white airflows. Other times, they took the form of humans, and other times, they were in the form of beasts. They were always in different strange forms as they drifted about the water domain.

This area was already considered quite deep and extremely dangerous. The speed of flight was way much slower. And teleporting? It was impossible to teleport at all! After all, once a water flow spirit attached itself to any being, the results were scary to imagine.

“Huh?” A sudden realization gave Firestone Master a good shock, “A sealed space?”

The space waves within the surroundings of the water domain ceased in a split-second. Firestone Master knew there was trouble looming. He looked around carefully and saw a spot of light in the distance.

The spot of light laughed. Its laughter was transmitted via the water domain, and almost within an instant, it reached Firestone Master.

“Hahaha, Firestone Master from the human alliance of the primal universe?”

That spot of light… It was a life form taking the form of a human. His entire body gave off a hazy, white light, and at the back of his head, there was a circular white light. Amidst the white light, was a vague form of a gigantic, single-eyed shadow.

“Divine Eye race!” Firestone Master immediately transformed into a beam of light and fled.

The Divine Eye race was one of the pinnacle races from the first universe era and was said to be the strongest pinnacle race during that era, with a total of seven universe supreme beings within the race! The Divine Eye race was a very secretive and scary race. They could have emerged in the first universe reincarnation era possibly due to certain unique accidents that happened during the evolution of the primal universe, and they possessed astounding power.

“You think you can escape us?” he great being from the Divine Eye race said.

Hong! Long!

Countless grains of sand appeared out of nowhere, and these countless grains filled the surrounding area with a radius of three light years within an instant. The surrounding space was earlier sealed, but even if it had not been sealed, no one would have dared to teleport through it without inhibitions. After all, this area was a dangerous land located deep within.

A radius of three light years… How could Firestone Master possibly fly out of it within a short time?

“Ice Sand Ocean!” Firestone Master gritted his teeth and looked back at that human form life-being dazzling with white light. With a furious hum, he spurted flames out of his nostrils. “An Yong Master, I have not gained any incredible true treasure. And I escaped the moment I saw you. Must you chase after me so relentlessly?”

“Life is limited,” the human form dazzling with white light slowly articulated. “Eternity is hard to find. Through endless killings, I seek the path to eternity. This is my only path now. Firestone Master… meet your doom.”

Hua!

Enshrouded in white light, with circular white rays at the back of his head, the single-eyed shadow of An Yong Master approached at an extremely high speed and charged towards Firestone Master at full force.

“Damn,” said Firestone Master, then he roared in rage, “Want to kill me? In your dreams!”

Yet he continued fleeing at full throttle, trying his very best to stall for time… At the same time, in the primal universe, his other body was speedily calling for help within the virtual universe.

“Previously, I was still commenting about Luo Feng’s pleas for help. Who would have thought that, in the blink of an eye, I would become the one asking for help? This lunatic from the first universe era, he truly is insane! How unlucky I am, to have bumped into An Yong Master.”

Firestone Master was filled with anxiety. He knew that he was facing true danger now.

“I only have a hope of surviving if either Primal Chaos City Leader or Peng Gong Master rushes over now.”

Firestone Master was also aware that those who were able to make it over to him within the shortest time possible were those few he had met up with earlier at the gathering point: Remote Lord Master, Roach Prison Master, and Absolute Darkness Master. But they were not powerful enough, and Luo Feng was not even worth a mention…

Only Primal Chaos City Leader and Peng Gong Master could save him. But those two were so powerful that they would most probably be at the internal domain of Tilted Peak Sector, and if they were really at the internal domain, then rushing over here would take a long time.

The call for help was sent, and the virtual universe system transferred the call to the universe masters of the human alliance who were within Universe Ocean at that very moment right away.

Within the deep mountain region of Tilted Peak Sector’s main mountain.

“Firestone Master is calling for help? An Yong Master of the Divine Eye race from the first universe era is hunting him down?”

Hong! Long! Long!

Flames shot up into the sky. Every flame exerted an impact that was strong enough to annihilate a universe master. A barbaric giant whose every step was elusive like that of a phantom, flashed past the erratic outburst of flames.

“I am too deep inside. Even rushing back will take a long time. I won’t be able to make it on time.”

“Firestone, you have to depend on your luck.”

“An Yong Master?”

At that moment, Roach Prison Master was considered the nearest to Firestone Master; it was somewhere within the water domain, more than one million light years away from Firestone Master. On its gigantic head, its eyes blinked.

“Big trouble. I’m afraid my presence will not make much of a difference, but I will try my best and see if I can be of any help.”

Hua!

Roach Prison Master sped up and charged into the sky. With a single teleportation, he was in the upper skies of the water domain. Thereafter, he repeatedly teleported through the void space to get to his intended destination in the fastest time possible.

Luo Feng also received the call for help.

“Huh? A call for help? Firestone Master is calling out for help? The address indicates that the place is only slightly more than three million light years away from me.”

Luo Feng did feel some resentment toward Firestone Master, but they both were, after all, fellow members of the human alliance.

“An Yong Master… is not one to be trifled with.”

Shua!

Luo Feng teleported out of the water domain right away and thereafter teleported repeatedly and speedily, rushing toward his destination.


Chapter 1164: An Yong Master and Luo Feng

Two towering beings fought each other in the water area of Tilted Peak Sector. An Yong Master held a golden scepter, sometimes using it as a long staff, sometimes as a hammer. Constantly, he performed a supreme technique. Besides, An Yong Master didn’t defend himself against Firestone Master at all!

“Maniac…! The beings from the first universe era are all maniacs, and An Yong Master is a maniac even compared to those other maniacs.”

“Aaah!” Firestone Master roared.

He tried to stay away to buy some more time. However, in Ice Sand Ocean, he was significantly slower, and he was at an absolute disadvantage, which was why he was caught up to by An Yong Master time and time again.

“Firestone from the human alliance, die and become a sacrifice on the path of my eternity,” said An Yong Master.

He had a gentle voice, but that scepter was piercing the universe space.

Hong! Long! Long!

The golden scepter had an oval head, and the head of the oval was like a gourd.

Si! La!

The scepter avoided the shuttle from Firestone Master, and the head hit the chest of Firestone Master. Without a true treasure weapon to resist it, the power of An Yong Master hit the chest of Firestone Master.

Crash!

The armor trembled, and his chest trembled as well. His godly body cracked, and he bounced away. Just when he bounced away, his shuttle hit An Yong Master as well.

Peng!

There was a deep sound. An Yong Master’s godly body was weakened after getting hit, but it quickly recovered. He only paused for a second before charging again.

Firestone Master was indignant. “Maniac! He is insane! Why did I have to run into him? I would have at least been better off if I’d run into others.”

Actually, he was a pinnacle universe master like Flame Emperor. An Yong had better true treasures and a stronger godly body, so he was one level superior to Firestone Master.

Firestone Master was at pinnacle level while An Yong Master was at the top-tier level, rivaling Ice Mountain Master. Firestone Master’s life should’ve been in danger, as he was only one level inferior. However, An Yong Master was trading his own injuries for his enemy’s injuries and was utilizing his speed and consuming his godly body. Even those at his level would be in trouble, not to mention Firestone Master, who was one level beneath him.

When Luo Feng was fighting Star River Master, Star River’s supreme technique “River in Darkness” had been first resisted by Star Tower, but Luo Feng’s godly body was still consumed. If it weren’t for Star Tower, Luo Feng might have been annihilated with one move. Injuries for injuries… It wasn’t easy to implement. If Firestone Master had been as powerful as Huge Axe Creator and able to resist the scepter, An Yong Master wouldn’t have been able to implement that move. However, An Yong Master was better at techniques, and he used several supreme techniques interchangeably. Sometimes, he used it as a hammer, sometimes a staff, and sometimes as a bayonet… Each move had terrific power, and Firestone Master wasn’t able to resist most of them.

To trade injuries for injuries, one needed to have enough confidence in his godly body. After all, he was hurting himself while hurting others, if he didn’t have a strong enough godly body, he would die before killing his enemy.

A voice was transmitted through the water area. “Firestone, I don’t dare to venture into Ice Sand Ocean, so I can’t help you. You’re on your own now.”

“Roach Prison Master?”

Firestone Master felt happy first, but then was let down. It was useless. Roach Prison Master was at his level. That Ice Sand Ocean covered an area of several square light years, and it would take him a long time to fly here. Besides, even if he made it, Roach Prison Master wasn’t strong enough.

“Nobody can save you,” said An Yong Master, holding his scepter. “You only have 50 percent of your godly body left, and I can kill you within ten moves.”

“Damn it… You just have your armor and body!” Firestone Master roared.

He ran away when he saw An Yong Master, as he knew how An Yong Master fought. An Yong Master’s armor was a top-tier pinnacle true treasure armor, and it was able to weaken the attack to 1/100,000th. The godly body of An Yong Master had a life gene level of almost 10,000 times! He had a plant body, and it had a godly body several million kilometers tall. Even if he were trading injuries for injuries, he could implement it smoothly with that huge body constantly supplying power.

“My godly body is also a special life form, and it’s 100,000 kilometers tall. Under my weapon, it might take him a long time to kill me. But he’s trading injuries for injuries; it consumes my godly body hundreds of times faster.”

Firestone Master was still hit no matter how hard he tried.

Hong! Long!

His godly body was being weakened. 42 percent… 37 percent… 31 percent…

An Yong Master smiled. “Die.”

“No! No!” said Firestone Master.

He had tried everything to dodge the attacks or to use his weapon to resist them, but it was no use! An Yong Master used his techniques alternatively, and Firestone Master couldn’t defend himself against them at all.

Roach Prison Master was at the shallow water area. He looked at the endless Ice Sand Ocean and sighed.

“Firestone, only Peng Gong Master and Primal Chaos City Leader can get there to save you. Otherwise, nobody can help you now.”

Hong!

A being showed up.

“Roach Prison Master,” said a familiar voice.

Roach Prison Master turned his giant head and he a black-haired human in silver armor.

“Luo Feng?” Roach Prison Master was disappointed. He transmitted his voice: “Luo Feng, Firestone Master is being hunted by An Yong Master, and only Peng Gong Master and Primal Chaos City Leader can save him. We can’t do anything about it. Don’t go in. You’ll be in danger if you enter that Ice Sand Ocean.”

“Perhaps I can’t defeat An Yong Master,” said the black-haired human, “but I’m not afraid of him, either.”

“Huh?” Roach Prison Master was dazed.

And then, a dimming golden light appeared in the water area. At the same time…

Hong! Long! Long!

Golden flames extended and crushed Ice Sand Ocean with the help of Golden Country.

Shi Wu Wings and Fire Sand Cup… A combination of the two!

Helpless! Firestone Master felt helpless. He only had 20 percent of his godly body left, so he couldn’t even resist anymore.

An Yong Master smiled and moved forward. “Die!”

But suddenly, An Yong Master grew angry. “Who—?” he roared.

Hong! Long!

Ice Mountain Ocean, which had trapped and slowed down Firestone Master, was dismantled. The water became an ocean of flames. The sight thrilled Firestone Master. Suddenly, he heard a voice.

“Still not going, Firestone Master?”

“This voice…” Firestone Master was dazed.

Wasn’t that Luo Feng?

“Quick! Go!” Luo Feng urged.

Sou!

Firestone Master ran away. He felt unhindered. While in Ice Sand Ocean, he felt like he was trapped in the swamp. However, he didn’t feel any resistance in the golden flames; instead, the flames were boosting him and making him faster.

It was the opposite for An Yong Master. He immediately slowed down.

“Who is it?” An Yong Master roared. “This is the Flame Sand Cup of Yuan Ao Master! And that golden light domain can control the space and time! Who are you?”

He had a stronger godly power than Luo Feng, but he was at a disadvantage. True treasures and techniques had different requirements for godly power.

True treasures and techniques had thresholds and limits. When it came to “Miniature Universe,” becoming undying was the basic requirement, and it would take 10 percent of the godly body. However, when Luo Feng got stronger, he would hit the limit. If Luo Feng became a universe master and improved his godly body 100 times, Miniature Universe wouldn’t take 10 percent of his godly body, because when universe masters performed supreme techniques, it only took them a limited amount of godly power.

Ultimate techniques were also different from supreme techniques. The same rule applied to true treasures. The user needed to be strong enough to drive it.

The more powerful one got, the more powerful true treasures he was able to wield. However, there was a limit to true treasures, which was why ordinary true treasures were abandoned by universe masters. They craved pinnacle true treasures and even supreme true treasures.

Top-tier true treasures, pinnacle true treasures, and supreme true treasures…

“I won’t let you run away if I have a pinnacle domain type true treasure,” said An Yong Master. He was exasperated and rescinded the space seal.

Hua!

Firestone Master was thrilled. He teleported himself to the shallow water.

“I see how it is,” said An Yong Master.

He sensed that Firestone Master was only several light years away… He teleported himself there as well.

Luo Feng and Roach Prison Master were both in the water area when Firestone Master showed up.

Firestone Master felt awkward. “Luo…” he said.

Luo Feng’s facial expression changed. “Wait.”

A being appeared near them,—a being with a scepter. There were halos behind his head, and a single-eyed phantom was in the halo. It was An Yong Master!

An Yong Master’s eye glinted with anger. He glared at Luo Feng.

“Human, I’ve never seen you!” An Yong Master said furiously.

Luo Feng glanced at An Yong Master. “Now you do.”

Shua!

Luo Feng and the two universe masters teleported themselves, and they got out of the water area and fled away.

“Human! Silver-armored and black-haired human!” An Yong Master shouted with madness and indignation.


Chapter 1165: Divine Eye Clan

An Yong Master stood in the shallow water. His solitary eye looked ferocious.

“That silver-armored and black-haired human! He came here to rescue Firestone Master, and he’s with Roach Prison Master. He must be a human from the original universe.”

An Yong Master was thinking. The human race was bred in all the three universe eras, and humanity was a pinnacle race in both the first and the third universe eras. Only in the second era were the humans relatively weak, as only one universe supreme master had been born.

In the original universe, any race with one universe supreme master could be called a pinnacle race. However, for the first and second universe eras that went through the complete incarnations, they had quite a few universe supreme masters. The human race of the second universe era was as powerful as the one in the original universe, yet it wasn’t a pinnacle race.

I haven’t seen him. And he’s not in the database of Divine Eye race, An Yong Master thought. He must be a new great being, and he’s using the Flame Sand Cup of Yuan Ao Master. I saw Yuan Ao Master use that last time. Apparently, he got it recently. Did Yuan Ao Master die? Otherwise, the Flame Sand Cup wouldn’t have fallen into the hands of that human.

An Yong Master was baffled.

The Divine Eye clan had seven universe supreme masters, so it had seven miniature universes. In one of the miniature universes…

“Seventh True Master.”

An Yong Master’s avatar walked out of the gleaming and half-transparent palace and looked up at the sky. “Was a new universe supreme master born in the human race of the original universe? I was trying to kill that Firestone Master, but I was stopped by a silver-armored and black-haired man. I want his information.”

A voice came from the sky. “Stopped? Is he stronger than you?”

“No, he’s far weaker than me.” An Yong Master raised his head. “However, he has the Flame Sand Cup and a special valuable to control space and time, so he suppressed my Ice Sand Ocean. Besides, he, Roach Prison Master, and Firestone Master were all there. I can’t defeat them all.”

An Yong had teleported himself and found Luo Feng and the other two. If he had been confident enough, he would have performed space seal and fought them. However, he knew that his enemy had a domain to suppress him, and there were three of them, so he watched Luo Feng leave.

“Wait a moment, and I’ll make contact and ask about it,” said the voice from the sky.

“Please, Seventh True Master.” An Yong Master bowed.

After a short while…

Actually, there were had been trades among the powers in Universe Ocean. Some related to valuables, while some had to do with information sharing. As long as there were benefits, there would be trades. The Divine Eye clan was a superpower from the first universe era, so there were many powers who wanted to fawn over the Divine Eye race.

“I’ve got the result,” said the voice from the sky.

An Yong Master immediately raised his head.

“Silver armor and black hair,” the voice continued. “You haven’t met him, but he’s a new universe master of the human race. Milky Way Horde Leader, Luo Feng. He’s just an ordinary master, and he has the same level of material attack as Master of Banff. The only supreme technique he knows is like a miniature chaos world.”

“Oh? A new guy?” An Yong Master smiled. “Master of Banff is proficient in soul attack, but he’s weak at material attack. It seems this guy is weak.”

“There are six levels of universe masters, and he must be at the second level,” said the voice from the sky.

“He seems to have a special true treasure, the human race gives him some precious true treasures to protect him.” An Yong Master smiled. He was only a young guy who was good at fleeing, which meant there was nothing for him to be afraid of. “Only at the second level…”

The first universe era divided universe masters into six levels. The first level was the elementary universe masters with a life gene level of 100 times, and they didn’t even create ultimate techniques.

The second level had a life gene level of 1,000 times, and they created ultimate techniques and had good true treasures. They were the ordinary level.

The third level was the pinnacle level, like Flame Emperor and Firestone Master.

The fourth level was the top-tier level, like Ice Mountain Master, An Yong Master, and Star River Master who didn’t perform his trump technique.

The fifth level, the top-tier of the top-tier, consisted of those like Star River Master and Primal Chaos City Leader. They usually had merged supreme techniques or had gained strange objects.

The sixth level, which didn’t exist in the original universe, was for those who had supreme true treasures.

“Only at the second level…”

An Yong Master sneered. He was at the fourth level. He had a plant life body at a life gene level of almost 10,000 times, and his armor was able to weaken attacks to 1/100,000th. Even Luo Feng was only able to rival him after becoming a universe master. If he repaid injuries for injuries, even Ice Mountain Master would have needed to avoid him.

“Humph! There are only few pinnacle domain type true treasures,” said An Yong Master. “The Divine Eye Race has almost 100 universe masters. The most powerful universe masters have all the pinnacle domain type true treasures. If I can have one, you, Milky Way Horde Leader, will die!”

An Yong Master looked forward to it. After all, the Divine Eye Race was the most powerful pinnacle race in the first universe era! They had seven universe supreme masters and almost 100 universe masters! They had all lived for an eternity. An Yong Master was only a middle universe master.

“Just wait and see, Milky Way Horde Leader,” said An Yong Master. “This was only our first meeting. We have plenty of time to fight each other.”

Three beings stood on the rock in the outer area of Tilted Peak Sector.

“Firestone Master, you don’t need to…” said Luo Feng.

“You’ve saved my life, so I owe you big time,” said Firestone Master. “No need to be humble. If you need anything, just tell me. I’ll be there as soon as I can, no matter what I’m doing.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help laughing. This was Firestone Master. Stubborn! Incredibly stubborn! He would scold you no matter how much you’d accomplished, but once he made a promise, he would fulfill it no matter how high the cost.

“Firestone Master, even you’re not able to deal with the danger?” Luo Feng couldn’t help asking.

He was confused, as he thought that someone who had survived Universe Ocean for such a long time would at least have some survival skills.

“Even if I run into a universe supreme master, I can defend myself against him for a long time, as long as he doesn’t use a supreme true treasure. I’ll use my true treasure weapon to resist it, and it can weaken the power by more than 90 percent, and with my armor, the threat will be very small! Unfortunately, the fighting style of An Yong Master can suppress me exactly. He has a variety of moves, yet I just make attacks directly. And he exchanges injuries for injuries.”

“Actually,” continued Firestone Master, “I have a strong godly body, too. I have a godly body of 100,000 kilometers, so normally, I’m not afraid of that. However, An Yong Master is better than me. He knows several supreme techniques, and he can change his moves at any time. It’s already rare for someone to be capable of that. And there are fewer whom I can’t defend against. On top of that, those with better godly bodies… basically don’t exist. There are only a few of them in Universe Ocean, so I usually avoid them.”

Luo Feng nodded. He was right. Several supreme techniques, change of moves, and a fast and better godly body than Firestone Master… It was indeed rare for someone to possess all three of those.

“I’ve decided after this time,” said Firestone Master. “I’ve lost a great portion of my godly body, so I’ll study defensive technique during this time. I’m a Firestone special life form, so I’m not flexible enough. I need to create a shield technique. If I can have both a shield and a shuttle, I’ll be much safer.”

“You should’ve done so a long time ago,” Roach Prison Master said.

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded as well.

Different life forms had different ways of fighting. Yuan Ao Master was like that. He had an enormous body and wasn’t flexible enough, so he used a shield. Of course, humans were naturally flexible. Luo Feng was able to resist with a blade.

“I’m too overconfident, ” the voice of Firestone Master rumbled. “Luo Feng, I owe you forever. Just ask me anytime you need something. I’ll go back to the original universe first. Next time, I’ll bring a shield.”

“Have a safe trip,” said Luo Feng.

Firestone Master told Roach Prison Master, too, and then they left.

“Although my armor is ten times stronger than that of Firestone Master, his godly power is tens of times better than mine, so he has better defensive power than me. And he has a bigger godly body.”

Luo Feng sighed. The good thing was, he was more flexible, so he could resist An Yong Master. With his Shi Wu Wings and the Flame Sand Cup, he could fight and run whenever he wanted.

“I need to sharpen myself,” said Luo Feng. “My weakness is that my attacking technique is only at the ultimate level. Those such as Firestone Master and Roach Prison Master have created a supreme technique. As for An Yong Master, he has several supreme techniques.”

Luo Feng and Roach Prison Master separated, and he kept adventuring through the outer area of Tilted Peak Sector.

Time flew. Luo Feng could sometimes run into the great beings before the incarnation, but with Shi Wu Wings and Flame Sand Cup, he didn’t encounter any real danger. After all, the top-tier universe masters and universe supreme masters were in the inner area of Tilted Peak Sector.

One year. Two years. Three years…

Luo Feng was gradually made known to the great beings from the other two universe eras, and they knew that although Luo Feng had mediocre power, he was a handful.


Chapter 1166: Annihilation

In the twinkling of an eye, it was already Luo Feng’s sixteenth year in Universe Ocean.

Amidst the deep end of Tilted Peak Sector’s water domain.

“I have been here at Tilted Peak Sector for sixteen years, but I have not seen any true treasure around.”

Luo Feng leaned against a mountain rock and looked at the white water flow spirits that were tens of thousands of kilometers away. White streaks fluttered and drifted about—be it white human form or white beast form—the strangely-shaped water flow spirits were attracted to their own kind based on pure instinct. They were playing together within the deep region of the water domain where, occasionally, high-frequency piercing cries could be heard.

The celestial rocks within the water domain were all equally huge. Each and every one of these rocks resembled a towering mountain range, where every sunken area was like a grand canyon, every protruding part was like a gigantic mountain peak, and every gently sloping surface was like a vast plain. At least, that was how it looked to Luo Feng, whose godly body was hovering at least one thousand kilometers away…

“I have encountered more than 100 battles these past sixteen years, and these battles have allowed me to greatly improve in my cultivation of beast god path.”

Luo Feng was quite satisfied. Over 100 times, he had fought hand-to-hand with great beings from the first and second universe eras. The primal universe (third universe era) was very weak, so great beings from its top nine powers and top-tier twelve powers, regardless of being in the primal universe or in the Universe Ocean— unless there were attractions such as treasures—would be highly unlikely to fight and kill one another.

However, during the first universe era and second universe era… Even if there were no true treasures, great beings would fight and kill one another the moment they crossed paths!

During his time in Universe Ocean, Luo Feng had the chance to get in touch with novel styles of combat! Also, the novel ways of making use of universe laws were real eye-openers for him, as he could then comprehend by analogy. This allowed him to improve tremendously when it came to the cultivation of beast god path. It was many times faster than diligently training for it in the primal universe. Even his accomplishments in the study of secret engravings were also improved by leaps and bounds…

“What a pity I am still unable to create a strongest technique,” Luo Feng lamented. “When can I attain the third level of Star Tower is still an unknown with no definite future. Just wait. Roaming Tilted Peak Sector is always as such. The majority of the time, there will be peace, but the moment an opportunity arrives, everyone will go all out to fight for it.”

Luo Feng transformed into a beam of light and took flight quietly, where he began to explore again. The water domain was simply immense.

Countless great beings from the three universe eras had spent endless time exploring the water domain, but no one was able to explore all of it. Now, Luo Feng was also exploring the water domain at his own pace…

“Previously when I discovered Firestone Master, I secretly followed him,” said An Yong Master. “When I was near enough, I immediately released a domain type true treasure and sealed space.” An Yong Master, positioned in the void space, shook his head with a sigh. “Firestone Master was such a silly one; just when I managed to exercise some self-restraint and was so close to being able to kill him, this human form Luo Feng from the primal universe had to appear out of nowhere and foil my plan. If I had succeeded in killing Firestone Master, I would have obtained many true treasures, and with those treasures that I already owned… I suppose I would be able to exchange for a pinnacle domain true treasure.”

Again, An Yong Master shook his head and sighed. He was full of resentment. By his side was another great being from the Divine Eye clan. The circular light behind its head also had a single-eyed shadow—this was a characteristic that was unique to great beings of the Divine Eye clan.

“An Yong, any gains from your trip to the internal domain?” the other great being asked.

“The internal domain is much too dangerous,” said An Yong Master. “I merely wandered about the considerably safer areas within the internal domain. These places had already been thoroughly searched before. Although I fought quite a fair number of battles here, and there was even once where I managed to corner my opponent, the other party was crazy enough to dash into the dangerous region within the internal domain. I was not daring enough to follow suit.” An Yong Master was filled with a sense of helplessness. “Therefore, nothing gained.”

“I think it is still better to explore the water domain at one’s own pace,” the great being of the Divine Eye clan said. “The danger level is low, and occasionally, a treasure may be up for grabs. Who knows? You may even be able to cross paths with some weaker universe masters who you can kill easily.”

“Imperial, your trip was rewarding?” An Yong Master asked.

“Slightly.” Imperial Master smiled.

This was the only conversation that Imperial Master and An Yong Master shared. Thereafter, they parted ways. It was always lonelier within Tilted Peak Sector, so great beings of the same clan would usually engage in conversations, albeit briefly, when they met with one another.

In the blink of an eye, another two years flew by.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Imperial Master was handsome, and his entire being dazzled with a misty, white light. At the back of his head was the same circular light, and within this circular light was a single-eyed shadow. He flew slowly at the lowest region of the water domain.

He did his best to explore the various mountain peaks at the lowest region of the water domain (naturally protruding mountain rocks), as well as the numerous valleys. He did this without a trace of impatience. He was a super great being of endless life, and even if he were to spend tens of thousands of eras exploring, it would still be very peaceful.

“A cave.”

A seemingly ordinary mountain cave appeared ahead, and Imperial Master flew in right away.

The cave had an approximate diameter of several tens of thousands of kilometers, its depth was tens of millions kilometers. Imperial Master flew within the cave with great caution… At times, within the water domain, caves and valleys that seemed ordinary might possibly house hidden treasures.

“Huh?” Imperial Master felt a faint and weak trace of energy ripples. “Energy ripples! Could it be…”

Imperial Master’s eyes lit up in an instant. His face changed to one filled with vigor as his eyes swept every inch of the cave before him. He even used his godly power to scan the surroundings.

He advanced at an extremely slow pace. The cave was dark, deep, and winding. Imperial Master suppressed his raging emotions; his speed went even slower.

After close to six hours…

“That is it!”

Imperial Master had just completed a bend in the cave when he saw, at the far end, a screen of bright light. This got him even more worked up.

“Haha! It might be possible that there are hidden treasures within the water domain, probably even unique gains to claim.”

Imperial Master was moving at a very slow speed, but he soon arrived at the screen of bright light.

“Valuables. Great treasures!”

Imperial Master raised his head and saw that there was a bright screen blocking the path ahead. This bright screen was giving off an extremely weak energy ripple. Even stranger, Imperial Master had previously used his godly power to scan his surroundings, but he had not discovered this bright screen.

“A bright screen… Only if there were some extremely strong true treasures in Tilted Peak Sector would such a unique situation surface. For example, if there was a dangerous land in the surroundings, or there were bright screens such as this one that went undetected.”

Imperial Master was now running high on emotions. As a great being from the first universe era, he had no lack of experience. Based on his previous experiences, the bright screen by itself posed no threat.

“Still better to exercise more caution,” Imperial Master said with a wave.

Hua!

A blue sphere appeared out of thin air and started to expand rapidly. It soon reached a height of thousands of kilometers. Imperial Master’s godly body stood at a height of 1,000 kilometers. Thus, with one step, he had made his way into the sphere.

“This must be a top-tier sealed palace type true treasure. If I were to hide within it, even if a universe supreme master were to launch a full-scale attack, he would not be able to kill me.”

Imperial Master grew increasingly excited. He might have roamed about for countless period and encountered unique situations due to appearances of certain treasures, but those were times that he was with the other great beings of Divine Eye clan. This was the very first time he could have such a valuable treasure all to himself.

“Judging from this level of activity, this would, at the very least, be at the level of a pinnacle domain type true treasure. Who knows? It may be a strange object or even some unique object that is extraordinary.”

Imperial Master was controlling the top-tier sealed-palace type true treasure.

Hua!

Flying slowly, when he came into contact with that bright screen, it felt as though he was breaking through a layer of water. There was not a trace of obstruction at all.

“Huh? Another bright screen?” Imperial Master was shocked to discover that there was another layer of the bright screen behind the first one.

Hua!

Again, he broke through another layer of bright screen.

“A third layer!” Imperial Master was getting more excited and expectant as he continued breaking past layers.

A fourth layer! A fifth layer! A sixth layer…! There was a total of nine layers!

“This must be some incredible treasure land. Haha! Seems like, I, Imperial Master, have quite good luck.”

Imperial Master had just passed through the ninth layer of the bright screen…

Hong!

“No!”

Everything resumed a state of silence.

The dark, deep and winding cave went back to its normal quiet serenity. The bright screen was still there; there was not a trace of difference or change. It was as though Imperial Master had never entered.

The Divine Eye race from the first universe era owned seven miniature universes. In the middle of one. Before his avatar appeared, Imperial Master was filled with excitement and expectation, but what closely followed was a look of fear and panic.

“No!”

Peng!

His avatar was annihilated

The instant when his avatar was annihilated, the master of that entire miniature universe, which was the third true master of the Divine Eye clan, discovered right away.

“Imperial… has been annihilated!” His sighs resonated throughout the entire miniature universe.

On the supreme land of the miniature universe, the avatars of a dozen universe masters residing at different places started to arrive.

“Third True Master, Imperial Master has been annihilated?”

“How did he come to be annihilated?”

“Who killed him?”

“How did he die?”

Within an instant, everyone was shooting questions out of anxiety. After all, according to their clan’s method of division, Imperial Master was a fourth-tier universe master (considered to be at the top-tier level), so even if he was exchanging blows with a universe supreme being, if the fight lasted for a short period of time, he could still hope for chances of survival. To the entire Divine Eye clan, the annihilation of a universe master was an occurrence that would only happen once in a blue moon.

A sound was heard from the sky. “Imperial was annihilated within a split-second; his avatar was not able to leave behind any information at all. The speed at which he was annihilated did not even give him time to leave any information. The moment one meets with an extremely dangerous situation, the foremost thing to do should be to establish contact with other great beings to call for help.” The voice articulated these words slowly. “That means… Imperial Master must not have detected any trace of danger beforehand. And when he realized how frighteningly close danger was, it was time for him to face annihilation.”

“He didn’t even get to find out why he was annihilated?”

“Even a universe supreme master would not be able to achieve this.”

“What can be so fearsome?”

“Seems like it was purely Tilted Peak Sector in its truest form creating such fearsome danger. Solely a great being’s power alone will not be able to achieve something of this degree.”

The avatars of these universe masters all knew.

The Divine Eye clan was divided into seven major miniature universes, and naturally, all of them kept close contact with one another. News of the annihilation of Imperial Master was rapidly spread to the higher-ups of the Divine Eye clan.

“Imperial was exploring the water domain.”

“Danger must have reached him from a certain area within the water domain.”

“For something to create the danger of instant annihilation for Imperial even within its water domain… There is something quite extraordinary about this place.”

“According to the final information related to this situation that could be found, shortly before his annihilation, Imperial ought to have been at the 193,293rd frame of reference shortly before his fall… Now, I am ordering the three universe masters from my clan who are in the water domain of Tilted Peak Sector—An Yong Master, Replenishment Master, and Time Banishing Master—to head to this frame of reference within the water domain to conduct investigations. You all must be very careful… If you find something amiss or detect a trace of danger, you cannot dash in there on your own.”

“Understood!”

“Understood!”

“Understood!”

An Yong Master, Replenishment Master, and Time Banishing Master responded to the order without further ado, then teleported within the void space of Tilted Peak Sector at a very high speed. They ventured deep into the water domain and advanced to the 193,293rd frame of reference for detailed exploration.


Chapter 1167: Attraction from the Wing

On top of Tilted Peak Sector, the giant rocks flew several times faster than light, and three beings gathered, all of them glowing.

“Imperial didn’t leave any message when he died,” said a great being of Divine Eye clan. “I can’t even imagine the danger he ran into. Even if it’s in the inner area, few places could render Imperial Master unable to leave a message. It’s normal only at the center of Tilted Peak Sector.”

“Yes, it’s indeed very dangerous this time.”

“We shall follow the order from the first true master, and once we find somewhere dangerous or strange, we’ll report it immediately.”

“I’m just afraid that our efforts will be in vain. Chances are Imperial didn’t even die in the area specified.”

“That’s right.”

“That’s the area that was specified days before Imperial died. He might have died in the area around it, and chances are he died in the inner area.”

“Doesn’t matter. Just follow the order. I’ll be responsible for this area; An Yong, that one; Time Banishing, that one.”

“Okay.”

Hua! Hua! Hua!

They dispersed.

The area was too large, and there were countless creatures such as water flow spirits. None of the powers dared to claim that they had inspected the entire water area, and the water area would change as time went by.

After six days…

“I’ve finished.”

“Me too.”

“No one.”

Three universe masters met. They looked at each other, but no one had found anything. What should they do?

“One reference area is too large. We use domain type true treasure for inspection, and each time, we can inspect several light years,” said An Yong Master. “Though it’s fast, we can’t find the real lands of valuables.”

“Of course we know. Then what should we do? Go in there one by one?”

“However? It’ll take forever to walk one light year. An area one light year long, one light year wide, and one light year tall… how long will it take?”

The inspection wasn’t flying. Imperial inspected those caves carefully and got out if he didn’t find any valuables. He walked slowly across the caves, cracks, and woods. It would take more than 10,000 eras to finish one light year. And it would take far more than 100 million eras to finish the entire era.

“We can’t do a detailed inspection. We can only do a brief one.”

“Let’s report it back.”

“Okay.”

They reported.

“Keep inspecting!” ordered First True Master. “It’s been a long time since Imperial died in that reference area. And he might have left the area before he died. Keep searching. Inspect all the areas around reference area 193293.”

“Yes,” replied An Yong Master obediently.

They wouldn’t resist, not even for a brief inspection. It took another few years for them to inspect the 100 nearby areas. They acquired senior true treasure weapons by luck and found two strange places. However, when the Sixth True Master arrived, he didn’t find anything.

“What a waste of time.”

“Who knows where Imperial died? Perhaps in the inner area!”

It was in vain. The Divine Eye clan did thorough research as well. They first inspected the water area, then researched whether the true treasure Imperial Master had appeared in the hands of the great beings of other races. The Sixth True Master went there directly… However, they could only admit failure in the end. They didn’t gain anything.

Usually, the Divine Eye race wouldn’t just give up if its great beings were killed! However, they couldn’t find anything this time, so they could only deal with it. An Yong Master, Time Banishing Master, and Replenishment Master separated from one another.

Time Banishing Master and Replenishment Master left while An Yong Master kept going deeper in the water area.

“I met Imperial before he died, and he seemed to have gotten something in the water area,” said An Yong Master. “It’s likely that he died in the water area, I’ll keep inspecting in reference system 193293.”

12 years had passed since Imperial Master died. Luo Feng flew in the space, and he looked at the waterfall on the towering Tilted Peak Sector.

“Tilted Peak Sector is said to be one of the three Lands of Extremis. It’s been 30 years since I came here, and I haven’t run into any danger.”

Hong! Long! Long!

The giant waterfall was tens of millions of light years high, and each drop of water could rival a star. How powerful the entire waterfall was! If all the water was concentrated to one point, even universe supreme masters could be killed! While separated, the water at the bottom kept changing under the churning and crashing.

“I’ll go to the main mountain of Tilted Peak Sector. I’ll just stay on top. It’s not going to be dangerous if I don’t go in.”

Luo Feng kept teleporting himself.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

He kept approaching that mountain… And it was the first time he arrived at the main body of Tilted Peak Sector.

After 30 million light years of teleportation, Luo Feng was pretty close to the main mountain.

“Huh?”

Shua!

Luo Feng stopped in the sky. In front of him was the main mountain of Tilted Peak Sector. However, Luo Feng frowned and looked down. “How? My Shi Wu Wings?”

He looked back at his Shi Wu Wings, which were intermittently trembling.

Summoning!

It was like magnets attracting each other. His Shi Wu Wings seemed to be attracted toward something.

“It’s a weak call. Which direction is it? The deep of water area?”

Luo Feng looked down and frowned. He wasn’t inexperienced. Tian Yang Knight’s “Light Wings” had previously attracted his wing, but that attraction had been incredibly strong. This attraction, however, was feeble.

Is the third wing down there? Luo Feng wondered. I’ll go check.

Sou!

Luo Feng teleported himself ten light years.

“Much stronger.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, and his Shi Wu Wings started to tremble heavily. Apparently, the summon was strong. “Down.”

Luo Feng teleported himself again.

Hong!

He entered the shallow water.

Hong! Long! Long!

His Shi Wu Wings started to shake intensely.

“Such strong summoning!”

Luo Feng was exhilarated. He performed Golden Country. The dim light permeated and formed a blurry golden light area with a diameter of 10 light years. Of course, this wasn’t the limit of Golden Country, but Luo Feng didn’t dare teleport himself too far in the dangerous water area.

Shua!

Luo Feng moved three light years forward and entered the danger zone. He could only teleport himself a little bit farther in the deep water zone.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Following the summoning, he went forward. However, he moved 100 million kilometers forward each time.

“It has to be a component of the Shi Wu Wings,” said Luo Feng. “Hahaha! I knew it. I know there were other components. I didn’t expect to find them in the outer area of Tilted Peak Sector.”

Luo Feng was exhilarated. When he found the true treasure wing of Tian Yang Knight, the found that the third level of engravings wasn’t complete. Apparently, there were other components.

He’d thought that they may have been taken by other great beings in Universe Ocean. After all, many great beings had wing valuables, and chances were, the great beings who acquired a true treasure wing might give it to a universe knight, as they thought it wasn’t powerful enough. Another possibility was that it had been left in Tilted Peak Sector…

I can’t believe I sense it so easily, thought Luo Feng. Is it on a great being, or just resting in place somewhere?

Luo Feng flew quickly, and he landed in front of a cave.

“It’s inside. It’s coming from the inside.”

Luo Feng looked at the cave and started to move inside carefully. The cave was enormous.

Weng! Weng! Weng!

Shi Wu Wing trembled intensely, and Luo Feng even needed to suppress it with his godly power.

“The summoning power is too strong… much stronger than last time,” Luo Feng whispered. “Is it because my Shi Wu Wings are complete?”

Luo Feng felt confused. After more than three hours, Luo Feng saw the screen of light in the distance.

“A light screen?”

Luo Feng got close carefully and looked at the light screen in the distance. Although the Shi Wu Wings on his back were trying to fly off of him, Luo Feng was still calm and cautious.

“Something’s wrong. Very wrong.”

Luo Feng frowned. “If Shi Wu Wings have another component, and that component doesn’t have an owner, it should fly toward me. On the other hand, if the component has an owner, he should also be able to feel the attraction. Isn’t he curious?” Luo Feng looked to the light screen. “Based on what I know about Tilted Peak Sector, only special valuables will lead to light screens like this one.”

As for ordinary to top-tier true treasures, they would be randomly placed in a corner.

“A light screen and a summoning from Shi Wu Wings,” said Luo Feng. “That component isn’t flying toward me.”

Although Luo Feng desperately wanted to get this component, he didn’t dare to venture forward. He knew how dangerous Tilted Peak Sector was.

“This is so strange. I’ll let my Mosha body get in first.”

Luo Feng decided quickly. In the past years, every time he ran into something weird, he let his Mosha body go first.

Shua!

Mosha body appeared and flew forward. He touched the light screen and entered.


Chapter 1168: Space of the Wings

The Mosha godly body was small. The purity of its godly power was low, and it did not own any true treasure. Even if a Mosha body had been sacrificed, the godly bodies of Golden Horned Beast and the original earthling body could easily recover this minuscule loss by breathing for a short moment. That was the reason why, for the past 30 years, Mosha body was stationed at the external domain of Tilted Peak Sector to deal with areas that involved uncertainties.

Going through the bright screen…

Hua!

“Huh?” Mosha body looked ahead, feeling confused. It was still a tunnel ahead of him, and there was a new bright screen. “Two layers of the bright screens? The three most dangerous lands are the scariest places of Universe Ocean. Unique situations will only arise under certain extremely unique regions.” Mosha body was confused. “Now, there are two bright screens in a row… What could possibly be in there?”

Sou!

Moving forth with agility, he easily passed through that bright screen. The screens on their own would not be able to obstruct the way of intruders… but they could cause all sorts of exploration, even those by godly powers, to fail.

“My god! A third layer of the bright screen?” Mosha body was in great shock.

He continued drilling! The fourth layer! The fifth layer! The sixth layer!

Mosha body was in total shock by then. From the information regarding Tilted Peak Sector, Flowing Countless Mountains, and Universe Boat that the human race had provided, there were descriptions of scenarios of scary true treasures being born. And also, records of scenarios involving the birth of supreme true treasures. But of course, every scenario was different.

There was a total of twelve records on bright screens, of which three were related to true treasures and nine were related to rare treasures. The former three scenarios about true treasures involved a pinnacle true treasure with one layer of the bright screen, a superb pinnacle true treasure with three layers of the bright screens, and a superb pinnacle true treasure with three layers of the bright screens, respectively.

“The seventh layer, the eighth layer… There is… There is actually a ninth layer! A great hidden treasure. This is definitely a super, great hidden treasure. If a great being told me that there was a supreme true treasure within it, I would believe without a doubt!” Mosha body was worked up as he looked at the ninth layer of the bright screen before him. “Judging by the way the Shi Wu Wings put up such a crazy struggle in their efforts to fly into this cave, it is possible that there is another component of Shi Wu Wings inside…”

“Even if it was a component of a supreme true treasure, it would not possibly be so overwhelmingly powerful. It would not be able to wield nine layers of the bright screens.”

Mosha body did not know what to make out of the situation.

Luo Feng was filled with confusion. Firstly, that missing component did not fly out on its own. Secondly, the beckoning was intense. It far surpassed the time when he first encountered Flowing Light Wings. Thirdly, nine layers of the bright screens was unbelievable. “Could it be that in there is not only a component of Shi Wu Wings, but also another true treasure? For instance, a supreme true treasure?”

Mosha body tried to suppress the many thoughts running through his mind. When it came to hidden treasures, if one held on to overly beautified expectations, the greater the disappointment would be; reality could, at times, be very cruel.

“Whatever. I shall find out for myself.”

Hua!

He drilled passed the ninth layer of the bright screen easily.

“This is—!”

The moment Mosha body passed the ninth bright screen, he realized that the surroundings had become an incomparably gigantic dazzling space. Mosha body still had a fleeting moment to make some quick, careful observations before numerous gigantic dazzling rays swept pass him like blades. Then he felt excruciating pain coursing through his entire being.

Peng!

Mosha Body was annihilated in an instant.

Luo Feng was in the cave, outside of the first bright screen.

“What the hell is this?” Luo Feng blinked his eyes in disbelief, completely taken aback. “This—this… My Mosha body is, at the very least, a universe knight, yet this was enough to annihilate a universe knight within an instant. He was not allowed any time to think at all. What an extremely frightening attack. It was comparable to the attack by a universe master.”

Luo Feng pondered a bit.

“I shall try again!”

The next moment, another Mosha body appeared beside him. Like a flash of light, it once again made its way past the bright screen before them.

Before the ninth bright screen, Mosha body gritted his teeth.

“The moment I enter, I shall execute my talent technique Domain. That will be able to keep me alive for a short period of time. I shall see for myself just what treasures there are in this land of hidden treasures—to be able to enshroud the surroundings with such a fearsome power.”

Hua!

In a split-second, he had drilled his way past the ninth bright screen, and the moment he entered, he executed his talent technique Domain. Within that immeasurably vast space, Mosha body had completely conformed to an area of 10,000 kilometers.

Hong!

Countless mighty rays swept across everything like sharp blades. In this vast space, “Universe Space” itself had become an endless stream of particles. Not long after Mosha body had transformed into Domain, he felt the impact of the earth-shattering power that attacked him, annihilating him in an instant.

Luo Feng stood frozen before the first bright screen deep within the cave, too stunned for any reaction. The next instant, his eyes lit up.

“Heaven-destroying and earth-shattering! This destroys everything within the universe space! Time and space constitute the Universe. My Mosha body executed its talent technique, Domain, but was still unable to survive. This is utterly…”

Luo Feng was greatly fearful as the realization dawned upon him, but at the same time, deep within his heart, he felt a surge of immeasurable ecstasy. Hidden treasures were absolutely the utmost, greatest, top-tier hidden treasures, and it was highly possible that a supreme true treasure was hidden within them!

The so-called “force-breaking method”! All laws in the face of such an absolute power would have to retreat.

It was just like how universe supreme beings could ensure that their orders, once given, would be strictly enforced. Even the origin of the primal universe would temporarily retreat from the battle without a fight! Similarly, the power unleashed by a supreme true treasure could form an absolute domain for a certain area, and all laws pull back and no longer exert any influence within this domain. Within this domain, even universe masters might be annihilated.

“The mysterious land beyond the ninth bright screen… is already so powerful that it can destroy time and space. Force breaking method! I suppose it would be something on the level of universe supreme masters and supreme true treasures.”

Luo Feng revealed a trace of glee. There was not a hint of fear, only excitement and happiness. The stronger, the better. Its strength represented the fact that this treasure was undoubtedly fearsome. Luo Feng was not at all worried that he would not be able to get that treasure.

“I have Blood Cloud Palace and Star Tower with me,” Luo Feng said to himself. “Blood Cloud Palace is a flying palace type true treasure. It was extremely powerful and was best in defense against material attacks. Even if universe supreme beings dealt a full blow with all their might, they would not be able to destroy Blood Cloud Palace. Even the power dispersed by a supreme true treasure would not be able to easily annihilate a top-tier flying palace true treasure.”

This was common knowledge. With a top-tier flying type true treasure, one could run rampant within the Universe Ocean. But Luo Feng was unaware that, before him, Imperial Master of Divine Eye clan had tried to intrude the same region as he did now—while hiding within a top-tier palace type true treasure. Imperial Master had tried to intrude by flying in while hiding in his palace type true treasure… and he had come to a tragic end.

“Blood Cloud Palace and Star Tower, especially Star Tower, are supreme true treasures,” Luo Feng said to himself. “Based on what Teacher said, there is not a place in the three most dangerous lands that would be able to cause damage to my supreme true treasures. But, before I enter, it is always better to first understand the situation inside well.”

I don’t believe that the blade-rays that tore my Mosha body apart could be so pervasive a presence, Luo Feng thought.

Previously, Mosha body had been annihilated twice without a glimpse of the actual situation inside. It only knew that the dazzling blade-rays sent him to his doom.

Shua!

Mosha body intruded once again. As expected, it was met with the sweeping strokes of those mighty, endlessly dazzling blade-rays to be annihilated within a split-second right away.

The third time, followed by the fourth, then the fifth…

“I shall try 100 times if that’s what it takes. I don’t believe that I will end up being annihilated every single time.”

Luo Feng was not someone who took risks easily. Star Tower might be powerful enough to keep him safe, but that only represented the fact that Star Tower was able to ward off material attacks. In the information provided by humans, there were more than a handful of records of such dangerous lands where even Star Tower would not be able to escape if it fell in.

Getting Mosha body to die repeatedly was a way to gather more information. It was out of safety considerations. As for Mosha body, even if it had to be annihilated 100 times, the godly power that it consumed would only require a short moment for the original earthling body and Golden Horned Beast body to bring it to recovery.

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

It was being annihilated insanely and repeatedly. Every single time, he would come to face with a high-frequency, mighty, and endless storm of blade-rays and be annihilated in an instant.

The 39th time, Mosha body intruded all over again.

“Ha!”

Mosha body was elated to see that the gigantic and endlessly dazzling blade-rays had gathered into a “storm.” This boundless storm surrounded him all around, but it did not touch him at all, albeit momentarily. Mosha body immediately scanned his surroundings, speedily observing everything inside.

Not even a millionth of a second! But with the speed of Luo Feng’s consciousness, he could get a clear view of the scene.

This was an incomparably vast space; amidst the pitch-black space, there was a chaotic flow of countless rolling particles, and that endlessly dazzling blade storm swept everything in the surroundings. The area was so wide that one sweeping look around would be measured in light years! Within this vast space, the most dazzling sight was something far away—

It was gigantic….

It left Luo Feng completely at a loss for words…

Wings! Endlessly tall and trillions of times more dazzling than the sun!

The two outspread wings were infinitely huge. The dazzling rays of those white wings gave out a power that was so strong that even from high up, Luo Feng could feel the terrifying power bringing his consciousness to a standstill within a split-second. Shortly after—

Hong!

Mosha body was swept up and strangled to death by the blade storm.

Deep within the dark, winding cave, outside the first layer of the bright screen, Luo Feng stood rooted to the same spot. His mind was filled with that soul-shaking scene…

It was an endless pair of wings trillions of times more dazzling than the sun. He felt like it was a pair of incomparably huge light wings. The sense of superiority they exuded gave Luo Feng the feeling of being subjugated.

“Wings? A pair of wings? This mysterious land is actually a pair of wings?” Luo Feng was dumbfounded. “Could it be that this terrifying pair of wings makes up a component of my Shi Wu Wings? Is that possible? This… Is this possible? You’ve got to be kidding me!”

Luo Feng had seen many kinds of true treasures. Even supreme true treasures were not novel sights to him. He himself owned a supreme true treasure, Star Tower. Star Tower was extremely powerful. Its swallowing capacity alone could form the nine whirlpool nebulas, which was considered very powerful. As for the true power of Star Tower, even Luo Feng was unclear; after all, Star Tower had always stayed in silence in the outer domain of space. He only knew that the four pinnacle races once fought and killed one another over it. Many universe supreme masters had come forth to vie for it, but none had succeeded.

“Those dazzling, huge light wings must be a supreme true treasure. It must be! With such strong powers, if it is not a supreme true treasure, then something must be wrong. And judging from that extremely crazy blade storm, this must belong to an attack-type supreme true treasure.”

Luo Feng was overflowing with excitement, which was understandable. Any super great being within the universe would be equally excited if he could lay hands on such a supreme true treasure.

Shortly after, endless confused thoughts started surging into Luo Feng’s mind. He could not help frowning.

Very strange. Through the endless storm, he thought he had vaguely seen or even concluded that the wings likely did not have a Master. Yet they did not fly over to him out of their own accord. The Shi Wu Wings he was wearing wanted to fly over instead…

“Is it really a component?” Luo Feng muttered under his breath. “Two of my wings put together would, at most, be at the top-tier true treasure level. That one pair of wings is already so strong on its own. Besides, how could a mere component of a supreme true treasure be so powerful?”


Chapter 1169: Alert

The force emanating from the endless wings of light was powerful enough to give him pause. At the universe-master level, this was incredible

Is it because of the connection between the two wings and that pair of light wings? wondered Luo Feng. Just like Tower Pearl, Seal Star, and Star Tower? Are the wings on my back only small components of that light wing?

Just when Luo Feng was thinking, suddenly…

Hong!

The cave was filled with white sand, and the sand flew and filled everywhere. It could even pierce that hard rock. At the same time, the sand swept across the light screen, as if space and time were twisted. He couldn’t figure out the mysteries behind that.

“Domain type true treasure, Ice Sand Ocean?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Ice Sand Ocean was a domain type true treasure used by An Yong Master, and he had experienced its power when he tried to rescue Firestone Master.

“Hahaha! Human Milky Way Horde Leader, Luo Feng?” A voice pierced through the sand ocean and entered Luo Feng’s ears.

Hua!

The space ripples around him were clotted, and the space was sealed!

Why is he here…?

Luo Feng swore in his heart. Without a doubt, that pair of light wings were a supreme true treasure, extremely precious and powerful, and it had something to do with his Shi Wu Wings. Mosha body only got a glimpse of it, and it could tell that it was extremely good at making attacks.

If he had both Star Tower and the wing, two supreme true treasures… That would be incredible!

“Supreme true treasures—how precious and rare they are!” Luo Feng whispered. “It won’t be an easy task to get them. Star Tower made lots of universe supreme masters desperate. Even Sitting Mountain Guest left it to him. It took him lots of energy to get that.”

These wings were no different. However, An Yong Master had suddenly shown up.

I can’t let him find out the secrets in the cave. The Divine Eye clan is almighty—much more powerful than us humans. If he notifies others in Divine Eye clan, I won’t be able to get the light wings.

Thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind, and then he made up his mind to fly out.

An Yong Master stood at the apex of a mountain and looked at the cave in the distance. He appeared excited.

For all these years, he had been searching in the reference area number 193293. He had been searching carefully, but he found it a slow process to search every cave, valley, and plant, so from time to time, he would sweep an area of 100 square light years using his domain type true treasure. He combined detailed inspection with brief, large-scale survey. Sometimes, he would find something surprising, and this time, he had found the human Luo Feng! Actually, he had run across two universe masters of other races, and Luo Feng was the third.

“I found the human Luo Feng. Hahaha…! How lucky I am. He’s weak, so he doesn’t dare enter the inner area, so he can only adventure the outer area. Unfortunately for him, he enters my domain, the number 193293 reference area, so I’m not to blame for what happens to him.”

An Yong Master felt superior to Luo Feng, as he thought Luo Feng was only a new universe master at the second level. Luo Feng was just good at running.

“His domain is impressive. I won’t be able to kill him by myself.” The sole eye behind An Yong Master looked fierce.

The Divine Eye clan had seven miniature universes in total. Inside the miniature universe of the Seventh True Master…

An Yong Master stood in front of a mirror. “I’ve found the human Luo Feng from the original universe, and I am at (329491, 100939), point of reference number 193293. Luo Feng was proficient in controlling domain. Anyone with a pinnacle domain type true treasure, please come to help. The true treasures will be divided equally. Who can come here first?”

Heads appeared in the mirror.

“Haha! How lucky you are, An Yong.”

“It’s the new universe supreme master from the original universe, Luo Feng. Everyone knows that he has a special true treasure to control space and time, and he’s a handful. One has to have a pinnacle domain type true treasure.”

“An Yong, it’ll take me 40 minutes to get there.”

“An Yong, I’m in Tilted Peak Sector also, but it might take me several days to get out of the inner area.”

“I’m in Universe Boat.”

“It’ll take me two hours to get there.”

More heads showed up on the mirror. The fastest one would be there in 40 minutes.

“Golden Surveyor Master, please come here as soon as possible.”

“I’ll be there as soon as possible. Please stall that Luo Feng.”

“Okay.”

“Golden Surveyor, An Yong, I wish you all the best. Don’t be beaten by the great beings of the human race.”

“The human race will definitely protect that human Luo Feng. If you don’t act fast enough, the great beings from the original universe will arrive, especially that Primal Chaos City Leader. He’s a handful.”

Hua!

In the inner area of Tilted Peak Sector, lots of sand and rocks were flying a hundred times faster than light speed, and there were some transparent grains of sand and rocks that cracked space.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

A golden spaceship flew by, but it trembled as it was hit by the sand and rocks. Inside the spaceship, a human-shaped creature in golden armor stood there. He was glowing with a halo behind his head, and there was a single-eyed phantom in the halo.

“Human Luo Feng?” the great being of Divine Eye clan whispered. “A true treasure that can control space and time?”

By the time the avatars of Golden Surveyor reached a pact, Luo Feng and An Yong Master had met in reference area 193293.

Luo Feng flew out of the cave and stood at the center of the water area. An Yong Master was standing there, looking down at him.

Hong!

Golden flames swept across everything, and the sand all dissipated. With the help of Golden Country, Flame Sand Cup covered an area of several square light years, and Luo Feng stood in the middle of the flames, looking at An Yong Master in the distance.

“I just keep running into you, An Yong Master!” Luo Feng growled.

“Hahaha…” An Yong Master laughed. “I didn’t look for you on purpose. I’ve been inspecting this place for a long time, and you’re the one who came here for treasures. You chose your own death. Who else can you blame?”

“Death?” Luo Feng smirked.

“Lives are limited, and eternity is almost impossible.” An Yong Master stared at Luo Feng. “Killing is the only way!”

An Yong Master didn’t rush to attack Luo Feng. Although he was confident enough to defeat Luo Feng in one-on-one combat, he knew for sure that it was impossible for him to kill Luo Feng.

Luo Feng stayed alert.

Why has he been inspecting this area for a long time? wondered Luo Feng. Did he get some information?

The light wing was almighty. Luo Feng feared that something might go wrong, so he needed to eliminate all unexpected factors.

Okay. It seems that he didn’t know about it yet. Instead, he’s busy searching everywhere—all the caves, rocks, valleys, and mountains. It might take him 10,000 eras to get to my cave.

Luo Feng nodded. An Yong Master didn’t suspect anything when he emerged from the cave. It was normal for An Yong Master not to be suspicious; there were countless caves in the water area, and many who looked for valuables entered the caves. When An Yong Master found Luo Feng, he thought Luo Feng was only looking for valuables, so he didn’t realize how special the cave was.

“Killing is the only way?” Luo Feng grinned. “You don’t know who’ll die!”

Hong!

Luo Feng held Absolute Guest and dashed at An Yong Master like a beam of light.

“You dare to fight me?” An Yong Master found it surprising that Luo Feng didn’t run away. “Little one, I might kill more great beings than you have ever seen! You dare to fight me? Die!”

The scepter started to glow. A trace of light showed up in the space. Fast!

“Dang!”

The blade of light hit the scepter, and Luo Feng bounced away.

“So fast, and I can barely resist it. No wonder even Firestone Master could resist that.”

“Indeed powerful.” An Yong Master glanced at Luo Feng and gave an compliment. “Your blade is fine, but your godly power seems to be weak, and your blade technique is only an ultimate technique.”

Just as he was giving the compliment, he rushed at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng felt his body trembling. So strong! He had Shi Wu Wings and Flame Sand Cup to help him, but he was still at an absolute disadvantage.

I might need to perform “I Am the Universe” to rival him, Luo Feng thought.

“Haha…”

An Yong Master walked slowly, but he had passed by the flames and arrived beside Luo Feng wielding the giant scepter. It hit Luo Feng.

It was heavy! Fast and heavy!

Chi!

A bright light erupted.

“Damn it!” An Yong Master roared. He tried to redirect his scepter, but it all happened too suddenly—a shuttle pierced through An Yong Master’s hand!

A deep growling: “Die!”

A red being showed up in the distance, and its tail was sweeping with a giant shuttle in his hands. It was Blood Cloud Palace.

Hong! Long!

Star Tower became a long shuttle, and at the second level, it hit An Yong Master. An Yong Master howled, and his godly body was significantly weakened.

Quickly, Luo Feng performed the supreme technique.

“I Am the Universe!”


Chapter 1170: Mauled by the Crowd!

Earlier on, the pierce of that long shuttle caused the golden flames in the surroundings to form a winding whirlpool; likewise, the heavy water flow in the surroundings also became a gigantic whirlpool. With just one stab!

Powerful! Swift! An Yong Master was just about to execute his greatest technique with a wave of his scepter, so he was not in time to concurrently ward off the sudden attack. He reacted quickly by using his left palm to execute a stance from his greatest technique, “Sealing the Sky.” However, the power of this stance was weakened because it was executed with his left palm, where it should originally be executed through his scepter. Furthermore, An Yong Master did not have any attack type true treasures in his hand for self-defense.

The tip of the long shuttle pierced right through his palm.

“Ah!”

An Yong Master’s godly body trembled. A large quantity of godly power was consumed, and his breathing weakened rapidly. In a split second, it had weakened to 50 percent and below. But in the blink of an eye, his avatar’s godly body, which was housed within his internalized world ring, speedily transmitted endless godly power to him, allowing him to recover right away.

Hong! Long! Long!

Darkness fell upon the water domain, and it fell into a chaotic world. Chaotic airflow spread all over.

“Shi Wu Wings, empower!”

“Flame Sand Cup, empower!”

“Miniature Universe, empower!”

Luo Feng was unstoppable. After executing Miniature Universe, without lifting a finger, he could rely on the terrifying oppression he had exerted earlier to gain an advantage over his opponent.

Not far away, by his side, the towering Blood Cloud Palace Master exuded endless ferocity. Holding onto his long shuttle, which was tens of thousands of kilometers long, he was also charging toward An Yong Master with a murderous intention.

Luo Feng and Blood Cloud Palace Master were joining efforts!

Everything was happening according to Luo Feng’s plan. Previously, with his Golden County and Flame Domain, he had defeated Ice Sand Ocean, thereafter everything fell within Luo Feng’s control. An Yong Master was unable to explore his surroundings, so naturally, he did not know that Luo Feng had secretly released his Golden Horned Beast body in the guise of Blood Cloud Palace Master.

“Blood Cloud Palace Master!” An Yong Master saw him and was furious. He transmitted a roar of rage. “Blood Cloud Palace Master, although you have disappeared for a long time, you remain a figure of repute; in the primal universe, you did not bother to get acquainted with anyone. Yet today, you dare to lay an ambush on me without considering your position! And to help this human form Luo Feng sneak an attack on me?”

“Haha! I shall get acquainted with whoever I please,” said Blood Cloud Palace Master, full of insolence. “Who are you to control me? I find Luo Feng pleasing to the eye, and both of us come from the same primal universe. Even if I don’t help him, do you think I will help you, someone from the first universe era?”

“Blood Cloud, the two of us shall act in concert to deal with him!” Luo Feng shouted.

“Yes!” Blood Cloud Palace Master shouted back in response.

An Yong Master was forced to retreat with mixed feelings of anxiety and rage. Everything was supposed to be happening in his favor, but he hadn’t expected Blood Cloud Palace Master to turn up and attack him so suddenly. As a side note, it would be useful to know that the various top forces were always gathering information on certain high-end great beings.

Even Luo Feng’s information was sought after most thoroughly… The Divine Eye clan would naturally have searched for information on Blood Cloud Palace Master and learned that Blood Cloud Palace Master fought against Star River Master in the original star and might have been on the losing end, but he did not lose much or even any of his godly power. Star River King had given his best but could only give up and leave in the end.

This battle raised the overall evaluation of Blood Cloud Palace Master. Over 100 different powers of Universe Ocean changed their evaluation right away.

The news is accurate, An Yong Master thought. I was originally extremely strong in defense, and I believed in the principle of “an eye for an eye,” thus I dared to give “an injury for an injury.” I did not expect that one pierce from my long shuttle… would cost me 50 percent of my Divine Eye clan body.

An Yong Master was speedily retreating to buy himself more time as he anxiously scoured for countermeasures to deal with his situation.

Even if it were one-to-one against Blood Cloud Palace Master, it would be difficult to gain the upper hand. With these two joining forces, Blood Cloud Palace Master now has Luo Feng’s help, who will put his domain and miniature chaotic universe into play, I will be completely suppressed… Between Blood Cloud Palace Master and myself, I am afraid the result will always be failure without victory!

The thought flashed passed him within an instant. The speed of a great being was extremely fast.

How satisfying, thought Luo Feng. To be able to execute Miniature Universe within the Universe Ocean is truly a delight.

Luo Feng was high on emotions and let out an excited howl. Universe Ocean was filled with chaotic airflow all over, and the purity level of this chaotic airflow was extremely high. The surroundings of Tilted Peak Sector might have thinned down the chaotic airflow, but it was, nonetheless, incomparably pure.

After executing his Miniature Universe, Luo Feng was delighted to discover that… the chaotic airflow he could control, when mixed together with those chaotic airflows of high purity level, could undergo a heightened boost in power in an instant.

“Miniature Universe and chaotic airflow, gather!” Luo Feng gave a sudden shout of command.

Hua! Hua!

Miniature Universe gave form to two gigantic tornado whirlpools, and each moved to encircle Luo Feng’s blade and Blood Cloud Palace Master’s Star Tower long shuttle, respectively.

Hua!

Star Tower long shuttle moved to pierce An Yong Master again.

Xiu!

A dazzling golden blade sliced toward An Yong Master.

“Bastard…!”

An Yong Master was anxious and furious. With his scepter in his hand, he transformed into a hazy shadow to execute his greatest technique, Sealing the Sky. Then a loud, rumbling bang was heard, and An Yong Master felt a great tremor throughout his godly body. The dazzling golden blade had hit him from behind, causing his godly body to tremble and immediately weaken by 10 percent.

“Damn, damn!” An Yong Master was infuriated.

“Hahahaha! An Yong, today shall be your day of annihilation.” Luo Feng was overflowing with arrogance.

Blood Cloud Palace Master revealed a sardonic smile. “You are dead meat.”

Hong! Hong!

The two attacked in concerted efforts. Where An Yong Master could ward off Blood Cloud Palace Master, he would not be able to defend against Luo Feng. On the other hand, blocking Luo Feng would mean that he was not able to ward off Blood Cloud Palace Master.

After all, Blood Cloud Palace Master was able to activate the second-level power of Star Tower long shuttle, which was extremely fast.

Luo Feng’s blade technique, Golden Light, was also known for its speed. With the triple empowerment of Miniature Universe, Flame Ocean, and Golden Country, it was even faster, causing the speed of An Yong Master’s weapon to slow down. No matter how strong a technique he had, he could barely ward off Luo Feng or Blood Cloud Palace Master. Undoubtedly, his choice would be to ward off Blood Cloud Palace Master.

Blood Cloud Palace Master is certainly fourth-tier! thought An Yong Master. And with the empowerment of his surrounding domain, he would most probably be comparable to fifth-tier. That human form may only be on second-tier, but with the empowerment of his surrounding domain, he could be comparable to fourth-tier.

An Yong Master’s heart was in his throat. His anxiety was at its peak.

The power level was soaring; the increase was doubled.

Golden Horned Beast body had a supreme true treasure, barely making it a fourth-tier combat power. Usually, universe masters with supreme true treasures would wield combat power up to the sixth tier. However, Luo Feng was unable to bring the power of this supreme true treasure to full force for two reasons. One, he was only able to comprehend Star Tower up till its second form; two, the strength of his godly power was still too weak.

Combined with the triple empowerment, it was certainly comparable to fifth-tier combat power. However, true fifth-tier beings like Primal Chaos City Leader and Star River Master usually had pinnacle domain true treasures with them when they roamed Universe Ocean. With their capabilities, they could activate pinnacle domain true treasures to higher forms, and these activated forms were much stronger than those of Sky Wolf Master.

“I may be weaker than Star River Master and Teacher, Primal Chaos City Leader, but I think I still have the confidence to trample An Yong Master with the two of us working together.”

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Blood Cloud Palace Master and Luo Feng’s original body attacked without inhibitions. They surrounded An Yong Master and subjected him to a crazy round of attacks!

“Still dare to be so arrogant! Still thinking of killing me! Dream on!” Luo Feng ranted as he trampled on An Yong Master.

An Yong Master was so furious that his entire face glowered. The single-eyed shadow in the circular light behind him became distorted. He was angry beyond sanity. He was a universe master of top-tier existence (the fourth tier) with extremely strong defensive ability. If tackling an opponent one-to-one, even a universe supreme master might not have been able to force him to give in. But now, it was two against one, and every time there was an exchange of blows, he was on the defensive.

Godly body is weakening! Recover!

“What great tolerance!” muttered Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was cursing and swearing at An Yong Master in his heart. An Yong Master only maintained his defense against attacks by Blood Cloud Palace Master, regardless of how Luo Feng rained his attacks on An Yong Master. Every time his godly body started to weaken, it would speedily recover.

In the blink of an eye, nine seconds passed. Luo Feng stopped his sustenance of Miniature Universe, and the next moment, the vast Miniature Universe dissipated. The chaotic airflow in the surroundings also dispersed. The suppression over An Yong Master was immediately reduced. An Yong Master saw his chance and quickly transformed into a stream of light and fled the scene.

“Want to escape?” Blood Cloud Palace Master roared.

“Don’t give chase!” Luo Feng shouted. “This An Yong Master is a hardcore fellow who is almost impossible to exterminate.”

Luo Feng also recovered the sealed space.

An Yong Master released the sealed space while he was being mauled by Luo Feng and Blood Cloud Palace Master. The moment he felt the space ripples, he made his escape by teleporting far away immediately. He did not want to be surrounded and attacked. Using up his godly power was not a big deal. The sense of helplessness when subjected to attacks in such a manner was overbearing. It was a great insult.

Deep in the water domain, Luo Feng and Blood Cloud Palace Master stood side-by-side.

“He has teleported away.”

Luo Feng sneered. With a single thought, he summoned Blood Cloud Palace Master (which was actually Golden Horned Beast body in disguise) back into his world ring.

“Even if news of Blood Cloud Palace Master and I joining forces against An Yong Master spreads, nothing much will happen,” Luo Feng said to himself. “After all, Blood Cloud Palace Master has no enmity toward the human race. Furthermore, An Yong Master would not wish to lose face, so he will not be spreading news so detrimental to his reputation.”

Whether the news spread or not really did not matter. Luo Feng had already offended the three major alliances (namely, the demons, automaton race, and the bugs soldiers). Those that he had established good ties with were the Ancestral God School, the Space Beast Alliance, and his own kind, the human race. They would not make much out of him forming an alliance with Blood Cloud Palace Master.

Shua!

Luo Feng flew straight out of the cave.

In the vast Universe Ocean, there were the seven Miniature Universes of the Divine Eye Clan. In the palace hall, An Yong Master sat on his throne, his face contorted into a fearsome look. His anger was insuppressible.

“Damn, damn, damn!” An Yong Master roared. Suddenly, he frowned, and with a flip of his hand, a mirror appeared in front of him. In the middle, a figure clad in golden armor appeared.

“An Yong,” said the figure.

“Golden Surveyor,” said An Yong.

“An Yong, I was just rushing out from the internal domain of Tilted Peak Sector. Why are you contacting me all of a sudden?”

“Golden Surveyor Master, I have disappointed you.” An Yong Master lowered his head a slight degree to express his apology, then raised his head and said, “I was dealing with the human Luo Feng from the primal universe, but I had not expected him to have Blood Cloud Palace Master’s help. With Blood Cloud Palace Master and Luo Feng joining forces, even I will be at the losing end… This operation has failed.”

“Failed?” Golden Surveyor Master was a trifle annoyed. “If you did not have full confidence, you should have enlisted my help right away. I have already penetrated layers of danger, and now you are asking me to turn back? Such an event had better not happen a second time!”

Hong!

The figure in the mirror vanished instantly.

An Yong Master could only let out a low grunt. There was nothing he could do. In terms of power and status, Golden Surveyor Master was always a notch above him. Owning a pinnacle domain type true treasure already, to a certain extent, reflected Golden Surveyor Master’s ability.

“Blood Cloud Palace Master… Human Luo Feng… The moment I discovered Luo Feng, I wasted no time in sealing space. There was no way Blood Cloud Palace Master could possibly have rushed over from the outside world. He must have been in Luo Feng’s world ring. But no matter how close they were, it was unlikely that Blood Cloud Palace Master would have followed him so closely, unless—”

An Yong Master’s eyes flashed with realization as he gritted his teeth.

“I knew it! The humans want to protect Luo Feng, and Blood Cloud Palace Master’s help is all part of their arrangement. No wonder… No wonder Blood Cloud Palace Master has never taken any action against the human race and is always wearing a mask. Blood Cloud Palace Master must be human!”


Chapter 1171: Toy

“Blood Cloud Palace Leader is human, and he’s been secretly protecting Luo Feng? Are you kidding?”

“Who knows? The news is spread among the universe masters, and chances are it’s genuine.”

“Haha… No wonder that Blood Cloud Palace Leader has never attacked humans. Now I know the reason. Goddamn human race! It secretly tells Blood Cloud Palace Leader to attack us Northern Territory Alliance.”

The news kept being spread. The Divine Eye clan and some powers in the original universe had information-sharing agreements. When An Yong Master spread the news, some of the powers that had suffered under Blood Cloud Palace Leader went to question the great beings in the human race.

“Is Blood Cloud Palace Leader human?”

“Why do you humans let Blood Cloud Palace Leader slaughter all those beings?”

“No? You’re not admitting it?”

“Okay, good for you.”

All those who went to question the human race got a similar response. Clearly, the human race wouldn’t admit that Blood Cloud Palace was human, and it didn’t care.

When some great beings of other races asked whether they knew human the Luo Feng was with Blood Cloud Palace Leader, the human race replied indifferently, “We don’t care who Luo Feng makes friends with. We don’t have any restrictions for who human universe masters to make friends with. If he’s really a friend of Blood Cloud Palace Leader, we won’t do anything about it. Sorry. We don’t need to tell you anything.”

The human race didn’t care about other powers. However, though Primal Chaos City Leader and Void Gold Master were tough to others, they were still surprised inside. They asked Luo Feng about it through the virtual universe.

Luo Feng’s answer was simple. “I met Blood Cloud Palace Leader in the water area of Tilted Peak Sector. We got along very well, so we decided to adventure through the area together.”

Everything had been planned by An Yong Master, who had been beaten by Luo Feng and Blood Cloud Palace Leader. Thus far, his plan had failed, which upset An Yong Master. If he couldn’t kill Luo Feng, at least he could cause trouble for him! That was why he had started to spread the news.

“Blood Cloud Palace Leader has lots of enemies,” said An Yong Master. “His enemies will be hostile against you, Luo Feng. Humph! The more enemies you have, the more likely you’ll be kicked when you’re down. Just wait and see.” An Yong Master was patient. As a supreme being, he’d had a long life, and he’d made himself an enemy of lots of other great beings. They had been hostile toward each other for an eternity.

“You dare to bully me?” muttered An Yong Master. “And as a nobody? I won’t let you get away with that so easily. I won’t…”

An Yong Master would take revenge for everything. When the great incarnation came, he would die as a great being from the first universe era. Also, he hadn’t found any hope to survive the great incarnation. This was the true source of his anger.

An Yong Master only made some more enemies of Luo Feng, but Luo Feng didn’t care much about it.

“Normal great beings won’t make enemies, as they’re afraid of having too many of them.”

“I have Star Tower, and it seems I can get another supreme true treasure, which means I’m destined to be exceptional. The more enemies I have, the more chances I have to sharpen myself.”

Luo Feng was inside the cave between the first and the second light screen. He feared that it would be like last time. He went through the first light screen, and with the light screen, other great beings couldn’t find him at all.

“The 100th time!”

Mosha body had tried to get to that mysterious wing space 100 times. However, it had died every time as soon as he barely even entered the space.

“100 times, and Mosha body only got to observe the surroundings twice.” Luo Feng nodded.

Twice. Aside from that gigantic light wing, a storm surrounded it. Luo Feng made up his mind.

“I’ll use Star Tower now.”

He sat on the cold rock between the first light screen and the second light screen. He kept his eyes closed and tried to calm himself down. After all, it wasn’t easy to get a supreme true treasure—not to mention, to make one recognize him as its owner. He couldn’t be arrogant or careless.

He spent five minutes calming himself down and forgot about all the anxiety and excitement.

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng moved his mind.

Hua!

A man in bloody armor showed up. It was Blood Cloud Palace Leader.

Golden Horned Beast will stay here, and I’ll go in, Luo Feng thought.

He let his original earthling body get in, as he was the one wearing the Shi Wu Wings; Luo Feng thought that might aid in getting those supreme true treasure light wings.

“Bigger! Bigger! Bigger!” Luo Feng held Star Tower.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Star Tower bulged and grew into a tower 10,000 kilometers tall. Luo Feng stepped into the tower.

Inside the control room of the tower, the metal ground was transparent. Luo Feng stood there.

“I can see everything outside.”

His mind was connected to Star Tower’s core mind. Star Tower had a certain level of intelligence, but it was highly limited. It might be able to do calculations incredibly fast, but emotionally, it was equivalent to a baby.

Everything out there showed up. It was like eternal simulation in which Luo Feng was able to see the rocks and the light screen on the outside.

“Move forward.”

Luo Feng controlled Star Tower, which started to fly.

Shua!

“Second light screen,” Luo Feng whispered and kept controlling Star Tower.

Star Tower flew slowly, but it went through one light screen after another. Before long, it reached the ninth light screen.

“I’ll now arrive in the mysterious space.”

Luo Feng gritted his teeth. He was bringing Star Tower, Shi Wu Wings, and Force Armor along with him. He couldn’t afford to lose.

“I have to succeed.”

Luo Feng clenched his teeth and entered the ninth light screen.

In the dark space, the blade formed a storm that swept across everything, and when Star Tower showed up, it was hit by the blade storm. It bounced away like a small boat in a tsunami.

“Damn it!” Luo Feng felt a terrific shock wave attacking Star Tower.

Hong! Long! Long!

One blade of light after another attacked Star Tower. Each time, it was like hundreds of blades striking at once, which blasted Star Tower away like a toy. Star Tower was completely defenseless.

Hit! Hit! The blades of light kept hitting Star Tower, which rolled like a soccer ball.

“Oh my god…!” said Luo Feng.

He stayed in the control room. Although Star Tower kept bouncing away, he didn’t feel anything in the control room. He couldn’t feel it, but he could see everything around it—including how Star Tower kept being blast away like a toy. He couldn’t resist such powerful shock waves.

“Powerful… Too powerful! The blade light is terrifically powerful.”

Luo Feng had his godly power infused everywhere in Star Tower, so he could clearly sense the shock wave. The blades of light were much stronger than the techniques from Star River Master! Hundreds of times more powerful!

The blades of light are incredibly powerful, Luo Feng thought. Possibly more powerful than attacks from universe supreme masters.

Although he had never fought a universe supreme master, even universe supreme masters were only stronger than Star River Master to a limited extent. Yet the blades of light… Each one made Luo Feng feel that it was much stronger than the ultimate technique of Star River Master.

Too powerful—if not for Star Tower, I would be killed instantly, Luo Feng thought.

When he’d fought Star River Master, he had been slightly injured using the shuttle of Star Tower, so it was unsurprising that he would have been killed instantly by these blades, which were hundreds of times stronger.

Luo Feng was right. Imperial Master had been in a top-tier palace type true treasure, which couldn’t even be destroyed by a universe supreme master. However, he had been annihilated instantly. Apparently, the blade storm was stronger than attacks from universe supreme masters.

The blade storm was extremely powerful. Even Luo Feng, who was incredibly strong, couldn’t control Star Tower. It bounced away time and time again.

“Smaller! Smaller! Smaller!”

Luo Feng kept controlling it.

Shua!

Star Tower shrank to the size of a grain of sand immediately. The original body of Star Tower was nine light years tall, and it could get larger! It could also become as small as a tiny particle… This was the ability of a supreme true treasure.

Star Tower had many interior spaces, but even when Star Tower shrank, and spaces weren’t affected. Normal treasures could also shrink, but not to the size of tiny particles.

When it got smaller, Star Tower was only hit once in a while, as the blades of the storm were enormous.

“One blade alone won’t affect Star Tower.”

Luo Feng felt he could fully control Star Tower now. Before, it had been flung about like a toy and couldn’t be controlled. Now, it wouldn’t be affected. After all, it was a supreme type true treasure.

“The light wing!”

Luo Feng stayed in the particle-sized Star Tower. He looked at the endless storms outside and that glowing light wing. He flew Star Tower toward it immediately.


Chapter 1172: Scram

The speed of Star Tower kept surging while the space was filled with blade storms, each of which was enormous. There were so many that Star Tower was hit once in a while, and it couldn’t fly on a straight line.

“So far.” Luo Feng looked at the giant light wing in the distance. “This mysterious space might have a diameter of over ten light years, and the light wing is several light years away from me. However, space and time have been completely crushed so I can’t do teleportation.”

Teleportation needed space ripples—only a little bit. However, the blades were more terrifying than attacks from universe supreme masters, so they would annihilate space, which left no ripples at all. Luo Feng had to fly to the white wings.

Fortunately, I’m in Universe Ocean, where the speed limit is much higher than in the original universe, Luo Feng thought. The speed limit in Universe Ocean is 100 times faster than light speed, but because of the blade storm, Star Tower isn’t able to hit the highest speed. Fortunately, it can still maintain an average speed of 50 times faster than light speed.

Flying! Star Tower swiftly flew through the blade storms.

Time flew. After a month, Star Tower had already flown more than five light years, and it was very close to those giant white wings.

“All those blade storms come from that white pair of wings!” Luo Feng exclaimed, looking at the outside.

He saw the edge of the white wings emanating endless light, sweeping in the mysterious space. Some of the blade storms were absorbed by the white wings when they touched it. Erupting and absorbing!

Erupt and absorb? Conversation of energy? Luo Feng thought. It looks almighty, but it actually only consumes little energy. Incredible, how incredible! Much more powerful than Five-Color Aurora Lake.

Five-Color Aurora Lade was a supreme domain type true treasure, so it was weaker in attacking power. Besides, when Double-Face Ancestral God was fighting Virtual-Real Devil Master, Five-Color Aurora Lake hadn’t been fully utilized. It wasn’t deliberately conserved, but Double-Face hadn’t fully comprehended that… After all, it wasn’t an easy task the wield the maximum power of a supreme true treasure.

After another three days, Luo Feng was very close to the giant white wings.

“This…”

Luo Feng’s facial expressions changed. He looked amazed before, but now, he was shocked.

“This—this—this is… It isn’t a wing! No…”

From a distance, it had indeed appeared to be extremely breathtaking white wings more dazzling than billions of stars combined. However, when Luo Feng got close enough, he saw that it wasn’t a wing at all, but a phantom formed by the overlapping of countless blade lights!

“Gosh!”

Luo Feng looked at everything with a thrill. In the distance, blade light overlapped with each other. On the edge, the blade light was thin, and the blade storms spread everywhere and enveloped the entire space. The closer it got to the center, the denser it was.

“A light wing formed by countless blades?” Luo Feng exclaimed. “Where did all the blade lights come from? There must be a terrific true treasure.”

Luo Feng was exhilarated. He kept flying.

After another day of flying, Luo Feng finally saw it clearly. At the center of the huge light wing was a white wing, around which was a wing-shaped space. Outside the space around the white wing was the combination of all the blade light.

“The blade light formed a giant wing-shaped silhouette of light several light years tall, which formed blade storms. The origin seems to be that white wing.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. At the same time, the Shi Wu Wings on his back started to tremble as if they wanted to fly toward that white wings.

“I have to get it.” Luo Feng held his breath.

The closer it got, the slower Star Tower became. 100 million kilometers. Ten million kilometers. One million kilometers.

“So, this is what it looks like.”

Luo Feng kept observing the wings, as he was now able to see them clearly with his naked eyes. The pair of white wings was 100 meters tall and spread wide open. They looked white because they were covered with dimming white light and the material was white, but actually, it was covered with dust.

“Closer…”

The closer Luo Feng got, the clearer he saw it. It was a pair of white wings with bloodstains on it.

100,000 kilometers… 60,000 kilometers… 30,000 kilometers…

“Scram! Scram! Scram!”

A mental force suddenly hit Luo Feng, which stupefied him. The mind contacting him was extremely overbearing. It made him feel like an ant facing off against a tiger. Luckily, Luo Feng was able to stay conscious.

Something’s wrong, thought Luo Feng.

He found that the mind was hollow.

“Scram!”

The words of the mind kept attacking him, but he was able to stay calm.

Hollow, thought Luo Feng. Although it’s got terrific power—more so than Huge Axe Founder—it’s intangible.

Luo Feng concentrated his mind. “Kept going forward, but slow down.”

20,000 kilometers. 15,000 kilometers. 10,000 kilometers… The mind kept roaring, but it wasn’t difficult to resist it.

“Scram! Scram!”

Luo Feng dealt with it calmly and without fear. Star Tower had the power to guard the soul, so it could resist soul attacks as well as material attacks. As for crushing mental force, it was like a devilish force attacking him… It could, at most, crush one’s mind, but as long as one kept his distance, his mind could quickly recover!

Star Tower continued slowing down. 5,000 kilometers. 4,000 kilometers. 3.000 kilometers… It kept getting closer.

That crushing mental force kept getting stronger, and it kept roaring, “Scram! Bastard! Scram! Otherwise, I’ll kill you!”

“You would have done that already if you could,” Luo Feng said with a smirk. “Besides, I’m in Star Tower. Even universe supreme masters can’t do anything to me, let alone you, a simple and stupid mental force.”

It was, indeed, simple and stupid. That crushing mental force did feel superior, but the only thing it was able to do was roar and swear. When Luo Feng tried to merge with blood river crystals, that devilish force knew how to form illusions—unlike this crushing mind, which only knew how to roar and swear.

“Rat bastard!”

“Rat bastard! Scram! Otherwise, I’ll kill you! I’ll rip your soul off your body! I’ll make you regret for the rest of your life!”

The crushing mind grew increasingly angrier the closer Luo Feng got. Luo Feng didn’t care. The mind wouldn’t threaten him if it could really kill him. Even those beasts on the earth were more intelligent than the wing.

“Bastard, I’ll kill you! I’ll kill you! You’ll regret it!”

2,000 kilometers… 1,000 kilometers… Luo Feng really felt the difficulty of the task now. He was thrilled, as his willpower was at the universe-master level; he wouldn’t be affected if he was hit by other universe masters. Perhaps only a mental attack from universe supreme masters would affect him.

However, this “mind” was not that of any great being. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have been so primitive. Yet the strength was still terrific.

So strange… Normally, distance doesn’t matter when it comes to mental attacks, Luo Feng thought. Mental attacks from 10,000 kilometers would be no different from those from 100,000 kilometers.

“Is it converging?” Luo Feng moved his mind and turned Star Tower.

It had been drawing closer along a straight line. Now, it was following a curve.

“The several spots 800 kilometers away have the same level of attack. Low wisdom! And the mind attack can’t be concentrated.”

Although he was baffled, Luo Feng kept moving forward. 800 kilometers… 600 kilometers… 400 kilometers… 200 kilometers… The mental attack kept getting stronger.

Luo Feng started to sweat, and his eyes glinted fiercely and madly.

“So strong… 100 kilometers!”

Luo Feng kept moving forward slowly. The mind attack was much stronger. In such a short distance, the mind attack got denser and more oppressing, and it surged exponentially.

“80 kilometers.” Luo Feng appeared to be in agony.

“60 kilometers.” Luo Feng’s godly body started to shake.

“50 kilometers!” Luo Feng knelt down on one knee. His godly body was trembling. He clenched his teeth as if he were being attacked by a giant beast.

“Huh?”

Luo Feng had seen three bloodstains on the white wing before, but now that he was 50 kilometers away, he saw three scratches on those exquisite white wings! They looked like scratches made by a weapon, and the structures of the wings were a bit damaged.

A broken wing?

Luo Feng was dazed.


Chapter 1173: The Spirit of a Supreme True Treasure

There were three scratches on the fine lines of the blood-stained white wings. Luo Feng was baffled. Any one of those blade-rays that spread all over space during the endless blade storm was even more frightening than the attack of any universe supreme master! This pair of white wings was undoubtedly a supreme true treasure.

Based on common knowledge, supreme true treasures could not be damaged! Even within the three most dangerous lands, the same theory applied.

“Damaged? How can it be damaged?” Luo Feng was confused. “Scratches? How did that happen? Which dreadfully scary fellow could have scratched it? Or was it caused by a certain uniquely dangerous environment within the core domain of the three most dangerous lands?”

Various thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind instantly. Something that could scratch these supreme true treasure wings—and even stain them with blood… There must have been a story behind this.

Although he was shocked and confused, Luo Feng managed to stay level-headed. Since setting foot in Universe Ocean, he had grown to understand the area better through the information he acquired and had gained an understanding about certain matters…

The Universe Ocean was simply too mysterious! The great beings of any reincarnation era could only live up to a maximum of three reincarnation eras (apart from the two holy grounds). Up to that very day, no one was able to explore beyond the boundaries of Universe Ocean.

A large quantity of miniature universes, including the countless ones that had been destroyed, were all limited in size. Except for the two holy grounds universes, they were extremely big! A miniature universe was the creation of a universe supreme master. As for the two existences that left behind the two holy grounds miniature universes… what level would their powers have reached? Until now, there was no relevant information.

“To be able to scratch this pair of supreme true treasure wings, I guess only the two existences who created the two holy grounds universes could achieve that,” Luo Feng hypothesized. “But there is no information about them at all.”

Of course, he was only speculating. The Universe Ocean was full of secrets. Even he was in a state of bewilderment.

He looked at the pair of white wings from afar—those dazzling wings!

“Something must have happened to them, but I cannot be bothered. What I need to do now is to get ahold of this supreme true treasure.”

Luo Feng knelt on one knee and placed both palms on the floor to endure the crazy waves of oppressive willpower. That self-contented and insane willpower was roaring.

“Get lost! You bastard, get lost, or I will kill you! Kill you! Advance!”

Luo Feng gritted his teeth as he manipulated Star Tower. The oppressive willpower was frightening. The intensity was only second to the time when Star Tower had gone through a life and death ordeal. Back then, the pain during the fusion with Tower Pearl had been excruciating. The pain now was quite tormenting, but it was nothing compared to the previous one.

45 kilometers… 40 kilometers… This oppressive willpower spread in all directions, and the closer it got to the white wings, the more intense the oppression was. This intensity did not increase by mere degrees. Instead, it was a surge in level.

36 kilometers… 34 kilometers… 32 kilometers… 30 kilometers… 28 kilometers…

“Ah!”

Luo Feng trembled all over. His eyes were bloodshot, and blood was pulsating through his veins. The surrounding space around him trembled as his muscles, viscera, and bones howled as though his life depended on it… Even Luo Feng found it so unbearable that he had to let out a small cry.

Pain! It was horrendous agony!

“I can tolerate it! This is not the limit yet!” Luo Feng said, telling himself to bear with the pain.

He was closing on the distance. 22 kilometers… 20 kilometers… 18 kilometers…

Luo Feng was starting to get attacks of syncope, intermittently blacking out. The oppressive willpower was making him fall into a deep slumber, yet it also seemed to be easing up on him while continuing to roar, “Bastard! Loathsome bastard, you think you can get close to me? Haha, far from it! Bastard, quickly take your leave, and I shall spare your life.”

“Stop!” Luo Feng gritted his teeth but still was unable to stop them from chattering.

At 16 kilometers away, he finally stopped. This was only a hair’s breadth away from the true limit between life and death, but it was already dangerously near. Luo Feng dared not intrude further.

The white wings were still unleashing endless blades, which gave form to those dazzling, gigantic light wings.

At 16 kilometers away from the white wings, Star Tower stopped.

In the main control room, Luo Feng was seated cross-legged with his eyes closed, silently fighting the impact by the oppressive willpower. Thereafter, he eased into gradual adaptation to the impact. The oppression was gradually reduced.

After half a year, Luo Feng opened his eyes.

“Under such suppression, my own willpower was able to undergo a honing process, allowing me to steel myself. This was my gain after all.”

Luo Feng smiled. Then, he looked out at the white wings.

“I must lay hands on this pair of wings.” Luo Feng said with an intention in mind.

Right away, a trace of godly power flew out of Star Tower. As the white wings released blade-rays on a two-dimensional plane level to its light wings, there were no blade-rays at the front or back of it for a full 10,000 kilometers.

Gigantic, dazzling light wings that spread out to give rise to a blade storm might have swept through space. Yet 10,000 kilometers from the closest two sides of these white wings, there was not a single trace of a blade-ray to be found.

“Godly power, get closer!”

Luo Feng manipulated his thread of godly power and directed it toward the white wings.

“Get lost!” The oppressive willpower charged at his godly power right away.

Peng!

Godly power dispersed. Every trace of godly power had its own life imprints and willpower and thus, naturally would be easily annihilated.

“Seems like this is not going to work. Star Tower, grow longer!” Luo Feng manipulated from within.

“Longer!”

“Longer!”

“Longer!”

Star Tower grew longer rapidly, and its tower peak got nearer to the white wings. However, the godly power from within Star Tower was still under the impact of that oppressive willpower, so even though the tower was growing bigger, the godly power it could exert was partial where the topmost region of the tower peak remaining void of godly power.

“Hook onto it!”

Star Tower was a nine-story tower, so naturally, its edges would be able to hook onto the wings. As Star Tower grew increasingly larger, gradually closing the distance to the white wings. Finally, the tower reached the white wings; the edge of the tower was a full 100 kilometers, and the white wings were only 100 meters, so, theoretically speaking, holding onto the white wings should be easy.

Peng!

The moment Star Tower’s peak touched the white wings, the feeling evoked felt as though an ant had rammed against a mighty mountain. The wings did not even budge!

“I’m ramming into them, yet they did not move at all?”

Luo Feng could not believe his eyes. First, he maneuvered Star Tower into moving back slightly, then he charged forward suddenly while accelerating.

Bang!

Hong!

Star Tower’s peak rammed into the white wings ruthlessly. Yet the white wings continued to unleash endless blade-rays that converged to form dazzling light wings. Star Tower’s attempt to crash into the white wings proved futile.

“Damn! This—this…!”

Luo Feng’s eyes widened. Back when Star Tower was involved in battles in the outer domain, it was a treasure without a master, so it could not move about on its own. But due to its massive size, other great beings were unable to move it either.

“This pair of white wings before me is small,” said Luo Feng. “The wings are only 100 meters in size, yet my Star Tower, after reaching a massive size of a few thousand kilometers, is unable to cause it to budge at all?”

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Star Tower was like a mallet banging the ancient, massive bell, ramming into the sides of the white wings from a horizontal angle repeatedly; it even retreated to accelerate to a dozen times the speed of light to continue ramming into the white wings.

“It really is not moving at all?” Luo Feng was a little stunned. “What should I do? If my godly power wanted to get closer but is unable to, then there is no way I can get hold of those white wings.”

Luo Feng was getting frustrated. It was a piece of supreme true treasure that was only 16 kilometers away in midair, but it was unleashing endless power, demonstrating its capability. Luo Feng was at his wit’s end.

Time passed with Luo Feng thinking of new ways to try every day, yet every trial resulted in failure. However, Luo Feng was reluctant to give up. After all, this was a supreme true treasure. Luo Feng could now empathize with the helplessness the four pinnacle races felt when they had all fought hard for Star Tower, but none had been able to get the Tower to recognize a master.

With a twinkling of an eye, nine days passed.

“Bastard, get lost! There is no way you can lay hands on the wings. Get lost! Don’t court your doom.”

The oppressive willpower had never stopped for a breather, but Luo Feng had grown accustomed to the impact of this oppressive willpower.

Suddenly—

An intangible wave transmitted by the white wings in a split-second reached deep within Star Tower and into Luo Feng’s mind.

“Human,” an ancient voice said.

Sitting cross-legged, Luo Feng’s eyes lit up. He clearly felt a willpower that was different from the first one. “Who are you?”

“I am the spirit of the wings true treasure,” the ancient voice said.

Luo Feng was a little taken aback but not completely shocked. It was just like how his supreme true treasure, Star Tower, had a spirit of its own, albeit with a low intelligence level. It was like a child—easily coaxed. This pair of wings seemed to be much more mature.

“I did not expect this,” the ancient voice said. “That I would actually have a component in the outside world.”

“You did not expect to…?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“I once joined my master in a major battle where he was annihilated,” the ancient voice explained. “His wings were damaged, and the original spirit of the wings was also destroyed. I am a newly born spirit, so I can only recall snippets of the battle. I vaguely recall one blow from our enemy, but the rest is entirely forgotten. Since birth, I have been here. I thought I was a sole existence, but it seems like there are another two pairs of wings. Judging from their powers, though, I must be the core, while the other two pairs constitute parts of me.”

Luo Feng was secretly awestruck. A major battle? Damaged wings with the original spirit destroyed…?

“How did you know that your master had been annihilated?” Luo Feng could not help asking.

“I am an object without a master, so naturally my master must have been annihilated,” the spirit of the wings said. “Human, I have been trapped here for countless ages. I want to leave. But… I am unable to. I need your help.”

“Help?” Luo Feng asked persistently. “How can I help you?”

“There are four bloodstains on my wings,” the spirit of the wings began. “Within each bloodstain, there is a terrifying power and willpower. For time beyond measure, I have been suppressing it, wanting to destroy it. In all that time, I only managed to expel one. There are three remaining… Only if I can suppress and expel them all can my full potential be unleashed. Do you see the injury on my wings?”

“Yes,” Luo Feng replied.

“I’m injured. Expelling the three bloodstains is difficult. I need some precious true treasures. I will have to swallow these true treasures to facilitate my self-restoration. Now, I need your help. If you can provide me with enough true treasures to help my self-restoration, I am willing to recognize you as my master. But do bear in mind that I have very stringent requirements when it comes to recognizing a master.

“One, you must have the perfect life genes. Two, your willpower must be strong enough. If you are an undying fighter, your willpower must be comparable to a universe knight. If you are a universe knight, your willpower must be comparable to a universe master. If you are a universe master, your willpower must be comparable to a universe supreme master. What a pity. I see that your willpower is only on the level of a universe master. You still need to improve and increase further.”

Listening to the voice of this spirit of the wings, Luo Feng was extremely calm. But suddenly, his heart gave a sudden throb.

Something is not right! A sudden realization dawned upon Luo Feng. It is lying to me!


Chapter 1174: Spirit

The universe perceived that it was not dangerous to make true treasures recognize someone as their master. Luo Feng had a different experience as he tried to make Star Tower recognize him as its master. He knew exactly how dangerous it was. If he got killed and some great being tried to make Star Tower recognize him as its master! Tower Pearl was strong enough to kill that great being!

When the spirit of the wing true treasure conveyed a message to Luo Feng’s mind, he was extremely careful, as he didn’t want to lose his life trying to make a supreme true treasure recognize it as its master. Which was why he kept pondering what the spirit said.

The conditions for recognizing someone as a master? Perfect gene level and powerful willpower? He fit them both.

He had a perfect gene level, and he had the willpower of a universe master as a universe knight!

I’ll see what sort of games you’re playing, Luo Feng thought.

The feeble ripples permeated and penetrated Luo Feng’s mind. They kept talking to each other.

“The two conditions you just mentioned?” Luo Feng was overjoyed as he said, “I fit them both. My life gene level is perfect, and I’m a universe knight!”

“You fit them both? You’re a universe knight? Aren’t you a universe master?”

“I am a universe knight,” said Luo Feng.

“Don’t lie,” said the spirit. “You won’t be able to make me recognize you as a master if you don’t fit the conditions.”

Weng! Weng! Weng!

The wing on Luo Feng’s back kept shaking. Actually, the Shi Wu Wings had been shaking intensely in the cave outside. It had been several months since Luo Feng had arrived at the mysterious space, and the Shi Wu Wings kept shaking. The closer it got, the more intense it shook. Luo Feng was only able to make sure that his Shi Wu Wings didn’t fly out.

“I’m not lying. I am a universe knight and have perfect life gene level,” said Luo Feng. “I’ve fulfilled both the criteria, but I can’t make you recognize me as your owner. My godly power can’t even be near you.”

“You mean the mind that hit you?” the spirit said. “The mind came from those three bloodstains, and it’s suppressed by me. I’m trying to get it off me, so it’s been struggling. It doesn’t want any other life forms to approach me. Once I recognize someone else as my owner, I’ll recover more quickly if I have an owner to help me, which is why it tried everything to stop you.”

“I see,” said Luo Feng.

“If you want me to recognize you as my master, it’s pretty simple. Though you can’t get close to me, I can fly a part of my core out. As long as you grab that component and make it recognize you as its master, I will, too.”

Luo Feng was thrilled, “That’s right. I can’t get close, but if a part of your core leaves your body, I can surely grab it.”

“But why should I trust you, human?” said the spirit.

“What?” Luo Feng was dazed.

“I am broken, and I need to be repaired—repaired with some true treasure material—and I wish for my master to help me,” said the spirit. “I’ve told you that I’ll recognize someone who can help me repair myself. I need you to show your sincerity and give me some material of a true treasure to help me recover.”

“The precious material of a true treasure?”

“At least enough material to make a pinnacle true treasure,” said the spirit.

“You expect me to have that sort of material?” said Luo Feng.

“Or a pinnacle true treasure,” said the spirit. “I know you have lots of pinnacle true treasures on you. Like the blade you’re carrying.”

Luo Feng looked hesitant.

“I need to repair myself!” the spirit said, sounding a bit irritated. “You won’t need that blade anymore when you have me. I’ll be much stronger. It’s time to show your sincerity. Give me the material. I’ll absorb some, and I’ll give you the core.”

“You can lose one pinnacle true treasure now. The more you invest in me, the more you’ll value me in the future,” said the spirit. “I need to make sure you’re determined to repair me. Otherwise, I won’t be able to change anything once I recognize you as my master. If you can’t even do this, I won’t be able to trust you. Then I’ll wait until the next great being come.”

“Am I the first one here?” asked Luo Feng.

“No, two came before,” said the spirit. “A universe master came not long before. He was flying a top-tier palace true treasure, but I killed him instantly. There was another one a long time ago, right after I was born. He came here in a pinnacle palace true treasure, and he talked with me for a long time. He told me a lot about the outer world. He let me know about universe masters and universe knights. He’s the first life form I saw. I wasn’t intelligent back then, and I was willing to recognize him as my master. Unfortunately! He didn’t have a powerful mind. He often came here to sharpen it quickly and helped me look for the material. However, I lost track of him after some time. He hasn’t been here for an eternity. He may have died.” The spirit sighed.

Luo Feng listened carefully. That superior mind kept hitting Luo Feng.

“It’s the wing! The wing! It’s terrifying! It’ll kill you if you don’t go!” It kept roaring. “It’ll kill you! It’ll kill you!”

Luo Feng stayed calm.

“Give me the material of a pinnacle true treasure, or a pinnacle true treasure,” said the spirit. “I don’t think you’ll care about one pinnacle true treasure, given your power. Are you not willing to trade one pinnacle true treasure? The mind from the bloodstains scared you? It fears that I’ll eliminate it, which is why it keeps telling you to leave. I’m not going to urge you anymore. Make your own decision.” The spirit went quiet.

Luo Feng started to contact the spirit of his Star Tower. “Star Tower, that pair of white wings just told me the conditions for me to become its master…”

Luo Feng told the spirit of Star Tower everything. Star Tower wasn’t intelligent enough, but its operational speed might be quicker than that of a universe supreme master.

“Is it a trap?” asked Luo Feng.

A mental wave emanated from the spirit of Star Tower. “Master, lots of sector lords, undying fighters, and even universe supreme masters have ventured inside me. I’ve gathered lots of information. However, I don’t know much about other supreme true treasures. I can’t find anything deceiving about what the spirit of the wings just said.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded.

Silence.

Star Tower shrank to 100 meters and floated beside the white wings.

It was natural for Luo Feng to be hesitant. After all, everyone knew that it was difficult to make a supreme true treasure recognize someone as its master. When a great being wasn’t sure, he wouldn’t just give away a pinnacle true treasure.

Was he willing to take such a gamble? Normally, great beings would be willing to risk it. After all, only those great beings with at least a pinnacle palace true treasure could make it to the spirit of the wing. Hence, for those great beings, they would be willing to trade a pinnacle true treasure for a supreme true treasure. After all, there was only one chance, which was why the spirit of the wing wasn’t rushing anything.

I’m not going to rush anything, either, thought Luo Feng. I’ll spend the time sharpening my willpower. It’s set me up, and it won’t be able to wait for too long. I’ll see what it’s going to play next. It won’t be able to do anything to me as long as I stay in Star Tower.

Luo Feng was pretty sure that the spirit of the wing was lying to him.

It thinks it’s smart, but it doesn’t realize that its story is flawed, Luo Feng thought. I’ll wait and see.

Luo Feng started to wait.

Time flew by, and Luo Feng got closer and closer to the white wing. That willpower kept hitting him, but it was a fantastic chance for Luo Feng to sharpen his own willpower. He kept moving forward while challenging the limit of his willpower.

After six years, Star Tower was only 15 kilometers away from the white wings.

The Shi Wu Wings on Luo Feng trembled more intensely.

“I, I…”

A ripple came from Shi Wu Wing.

Luo Feng was startled. The terrifying mind hit him, forcing him to drive Star Tower back to 20 kilometers away from the white wing. Only at that point was he able to resist that pressure and stabilize himself.

“That ripple?” Luo Feng was startled.

“I… I…”

A feeble ripple came from Shi Wu Wing.

“Shi Wu Wings? Shi Wu Wings?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Those ripples… were coming from his Shi Wu Wings?

A spirit had been born in Shi Wu Wing? A top-tier true treasure? No, it must have been a component of a supreme true treasure! That pair of white wings was also a component, but it was much stronger. A spirit had been born in those white wings, but that didn’t mean his Shi Wu Wings couldn’t have a spirit.

However, why had the spirit only shown up now? He’d been waiting for the next step from those white wings, but a spirit had been born in his Shi Wu Wings.

“I… I…”

The ripples were feeble. At first, they couldn’t even convey a message. After six days, it managed to send the first message.

“I… Mas… ter…”

Like a baby, the spirit of Shi Wu Wing was weak. However, Luo Feng remained patient. Time went by, and the spirit grew more mature. After almost a year, it was finally able to converse with Luo Feng.

A mental ripple was sent: “Master, I want to get out.”

“Out?” asked Luo Feng. “To where?”

“I want to… I want to eat the light outside!” said the weak ripple. “Light… The light of the origin. That’s the origin.”

“What’s the origin?” asked Luo Feng.

“The origin is there…” said the feeble ripple. “Broken memories. There are six pairs of wings in my memories. The origin is there. I need the light—the light from the origin.”

Luo Feng was completely bewildered.

These wings…?


Chapter 1175: Recognizing its Master

As the spirit of Shi Wu Wings was newly born and was not very clear in expressing itself. Luo Feng was naturally extremely patient with it, spending almost half a days’ time before he finally gained some understanding.

Although this spirit had just been born, it did have some snippets of memories. It did not remember scenes of battle and fighting; rather, it remembered the looks of its previous owners…

Its previous owner, based on what the spirit of Shi Wu Wings said, was a giant with two horns and a towering godly body that had six pairs of wings. Shi Wu Wings made up two out of those six pairs of wings.

And… the spirit of Shi Wu Wings was absolutely certain that its six pairs of wings were comparable to one another. Every pair was equally important. Within the structure of the entire true treasure, every pair had its own unique function. A missing pair would deprive the true treasure of true perfection.

“Then why is it so powerful?” Luo Feng asked.

The spirit of Shi Wu Wings explained that it was because of its origin!

“Origin” referred to the core of all six pairs of wings. Based on the communication with Shi Wu Wings and the understanding he gained from it, its origin worked in a way similar to a car engine! And it had “storage” efficiency. Its previous owner was very powerful, and much of his godly power had needed to undergo conversion by the origin before it could be stored. That was the significance of the origin’s existence, and that was why this pair of wings was so powerful.

“I have to obtain it, but how do I do it?” Luo Feng asked.

“Get it to recognize you as its master,” Shi Wu said.

“How do I get it to recognize me as its master?” Luo Feng continued to press for answers.

“When a master imprints his godly power on the wings, the moment life imprints are in place, the wings will recognize its master,” Shi Wu said, then anxiously added, “but Master, I am a newborn spirit, and that pair of wings has a spirit, too. Toward the end, when fusion is completed, we two spirits will have to attack and fight each other to the death. One will swallow the other, until finally, there is only one spirit left. Master, if there comes a time to recognize our masters, you must help me. Only you can help me… Then I will be able to devour it.”

Luo Feng sighed to himself, it was only half a day of interaction, but the more the spirit of Shi Wu Wings spoke, the stronger its ability in exchanging information grew.

“All right, I will help you.” Luo Feng nodded.

Shi Wu had been with him the moment it was born. On the other hand, the spirit of the pair of white wings harbored ill intentions. If he had to choose, it would obviously be better to choose Shi Wu.

“But Shi Wu, with my godly power, I am unable to get close to that pair of wings. What should I do?” Luo Feng asked.

Shi Wu was the spirit of a true treasure. When it was first born, it would naturally be clear on its requirements for recognizing its master.

“Recognizing a master is difficult,” said Shi Wu. “Because that pair of white wings has an origin within it, and that origin is its core, the spirit born within that pair of wings was actually a spirit born with the origin as its main body. For us other kinds of wings, we can recognize someone as our masters easily, but it is different for the white pair of wings… The difficulty level for it to recognize someone as its master matches that of a complete wing true treasure.”

“What are the requirements?” Luo Feng questioned further.

“The requirements for willpower are high,” Shi Wu explained. “For a sector lord, the willpower must match that of a universe knight. For an undying fighter, the willpower must match that of a universe master. For a universe knight, the willpower must match that of a universe supreme master. For a universe supreme master, the willpower must exceed that of one beyond a universe supreme master.”

Luo Feng was astounded. He continued to bombard Shi Wu with more questions: “Beyond a universe supreme master? That really exists?

“Yes, I vaguely remember so from the snippets of my memories,” Shi Wu said. “There is a much stronger existence than the universe supreme master that Master knows of. My previous master was one of them!”

Luo Feng took a deep breath. Really? It was indeed true!

Countless great beings within Universe Ocean had speculated about this—especially the universe masters from the two holy grounds. Those universe masters were especially arrogant and regarded their “universe ancestors” as far superior to the ancestors of the various other universe supreme masters. They even considered their ancestors to be more powerful than Teacher Origin, who was said to be invincible! They shouted aloud that their universe ancestors were extremely powerful, that their universe ancestors were invincible! Yet no one had met those two before.

However, it did not matter whether it was Teacher Origin or the other universe supreme beings. To the largely damaged miniature universe, they were all considered to be only slightly bigger; the two holy grounds that had two universes were the ones that were massive. The two holy grounds had undergone umpteen rounds of reincarnation, which had caused the other 100-plus powers to be wary of the legendary universe masters of these two holy grounds. In their hearts, they had identified with the fact that these two universe ancestors were possibly terrifying. It was just that no one had met them before.

Countless eras… No one had met them before. Therefore, everyone took them to be non-existent.

Shi Wu Wings’ previous master was a being that was more powerful than a universe supreme master. Luo Feng was stunned. Really! It turns out to be true! There really is an existence that is more powerful than a universe supreme master… Seems like the universe ancestors of the two holy grounds may have surpassed that level. Could it be… for my miniature universe to achieve eternal existence, I have to surpass a universe supreme master?

Luo Feng came to a conclusion. Eternity was a difficult objective to achieve. Countless miniature universes had been destroyed. Only those of the two holy grounds had managed to survive, clearly showing the difficulty level.

Seems like this has implicated some of the secrets of Universe Ocean, Luo Feng thought.

Luo Feng buried all these thoughts deep within him. After all, in the vast Universe Ocean, where great beings gathered in great numbers, with that modest amount of power he had, he was still far from having a pristine understanding of those secrets of Universe Ocean.

“Shi Wu, you mentioned recognizing someone as its master?” Luo Feng could not contain his questions. “The requirements are so high?”

“Master, you are a universe knight, so your willpower must match that of a universe supreme master,” Shi Wu said. “I am not so sure about the other extremely powerful true treasures, But I know that it is the case for that pair of white wings.”

After all, they were both wings born from the same origin, so naturally, Shi Wu would understand the white wings well.

“What if I cannot reach that level of willpower?” Luo Feng pressed.

“Then you cannot succeed,” Shi Wu replied without hesitation. “At most, you fail to get it to recognize you as its master. Your life will not be in any form of danger.”

“Recognizing someone as its master does not have any relation to life gene level?” asked Luo Feng.

“Not at all,” Shi Wu answered with certainty.

Luo Feng’s pupils contracted as he squinted. He had found the white wings suspicious earlier on. Now that Shi Wu had been born, from the various information he had acquired from Shi Wu, there was clearly no relation between recognizing a master and life gene level. Actually, thinking back to when he’d gotten Star Tower to recognize him as its owner, his life genes had not been involved at all.

And the spirit of that pair of white wings had lied to him… lied by saying that a universe knight would need the willpower of a universe master. The truth was otherwise. A universe knight would require the willpower of a universe supreme master!

“Shi Wu,” Luo Feng said. “Previously, when I was interacting with that pair of white wings…”

Luo Feng told Shi Wu every detail about the previous conversation he had with the pair of white wings.

“It is lying to you, Master, it is lying to you!” Shi Wu said quickly. “Your current willpower, Master, is not enough at all. It will be too dangerous. I suspect that it is tricking you into believing that it will recognize you as its master. It is highly possible that it wants to kill you, Master. Just one of the rays from its wings could annihilate you.”

“I am already aware of that, Shi Wu. Tell me, what should I do to get hold of it?”

“When Master’s willpower has reached an appropriate level, there are two ways. One is to imprint your godly power on that pair of wings. Once imprinted, your godly power will naturally spread to every inch of the wings.” Shi Wu elaborated further: “The other way is to get the pair of white wings to hand over its core origin. Once its origin makes its way to Master, Master can imprint his godly power onto its origin. Then it would have to recognize you as its master. But it has to be the origin. Any other individual component would be useless.”

Luo Feng nodded. He understood. Just like how Star Tower recognized him as its master, it had to be Tower Pearl fusing with the soul; if any other component within Star Tower—for instance, a sealed star—attempted to recognize someone as its master, it would not be of any help to Star Tower at all.

“Master, you should wait,” Shi Wu continued. “Wait patiently. If that pair of white wings starts to panic, then there might be a chance. So long as it gets its origin to fly out, I can clearly judge whether that is its origin or not. By then, Master can trap its origin within Star Tower. Star Tower is extremely powerful. If the origin is trapped within one of its space, it would definitely be able to escape. Master, you may as well loosen up for a long, slow wait. Go hone your willpower until your willpower reaches the threshold. Then you can obtain the origin to make it recognize you as its master.”

Luo Feng nodded. “All right. I will wait!”

With the passing of time, the spirit of Shi Wu grew rapidly and at a visible range. Its intelligence level was not high, but its operational speed was extremely high, so when it came to the dissemination of information, it was naturally even clearer and more lucid. Shi Wu was rearranging the snippets of its memories, then combining them with the various materials gathered from the present-day Universe Ocean to churn out a large number of deductions.

Another three years passed.

Finally, the pair of white wings transmitted a communication wave to Luo Feng.

“Human,” the spirit of the white wings said.

Luo Feng laughed to himself. Indeed, it had come looking for him.

“Are you stalling for time on purpose?” began the spirit of the white wings. “You know that I want to self-restore; you have unlimited life. You have come to know that this place is a good place for honing your willpower and that it is hard to come by, so you are not in any hurry, right?”

“Right,” Luo Feng replied honestly.

“You are very straightforward, but you are not willing to take out a single pinnacle true treasure,” the spirit of the white wings said. “That is very disappointing.”

“I’m not willing to take the gamble,” said Luo Feng. “If I failed, wouldn’t I be losing a pinnacle true treasure? A pinnacle true treasure is very important to me.”

“I am much stronger that a pinnacle true treasure,” the spirit of the white wings said.

“But you have yet to recognize anyone as your master,” Luo Feng replied. “Why should you be so insistent about my giving you a pinnacle true treasure first? If you recognize me as your master, I will own you, an extremely powerful true treasure. Naturally, I will find ways to make you even more powerful. A super great being only needs a few true treasures that suit himself. No one great being, after owning a true treasure such as yourself, would let your potential go to waste by not finding ways to boost your ability.”

Silence.

Soon after, the spirit of the white wings retreated. Luo Feng closed his eyes and continued to train his willpower. He was in no rush at all.

In the blink of an eye, another three years went by.

The communication wave came along again.

“All right, I concede defeat,” the spirit of the white wings admitted.

“Hahaha, don’t worry,” said Luo Feng. “So long as you recognize me as your master, I will definitely find ways to restore you and allow your power to grow tremendously. You are my trump card. Wings, this process about recognizing your master—it requires your core component, doesn’t it?

“Yes,” the pair of white wings said. “I am now going to release a core component. Grab it and imprint your godly power. Then I will have to recognize you as my master. I hope you won’t disappoint me.”

“I will not disappoint you,” Luo Feng said.

Hua!

A speck of light came flying out of the edge of the pair of white wings. The very next moment, the densely gathered blade-rays were sent flying away in random directions due to the impact of the collision. They were sent tens of thousands of kilometers away. At times, a random blade-ray would happen to hit this speck of light right in its middle.

Far away, amidst the endless blade storm, that speck of light was flying about haphazardly.

“Shi Wu, is that the origin?” Luo Feng asked quickly.

“No, Master,” said Shi Wu. “The origin is the source of those lights. If it flies out, then countless blade-rays will be following it around as it flies. It is the true core of the endless rays. That is fake. I am sure of it. There is a blade-ray concealed within it. If you try to get it to recognize you as your master, the blade will attack you right away… Then Master will die.”


Chapter 1176: Fight

Luo Feng was shocked. If it weren’t for the spirit of Shi Wu Wing, he wouldn’t have been able to tell that it was a trap.

“Human.” A ripple came. “Grab my core.”

Hua!

A light spot was attracted and flew toward the white wing. Star Tower was close to the white wings and the light spot.

“Grab it, and I’ll tell you how to make me recognize you and seal your godly power in it.”

“I’ve grabbed it.” Luo Feng let out his godly body, and he grabbed the light spot. It was a strange white bead. ‘I’ve grabbed it with my godly power, but I can’t seal my life imprint on it.”

“Don’t rush it,” the ripple said. “The more powerful a true treasure is, the more complex the process it. Grab the core and put it in your godly body…”

Luo Feng couldn’t help but laugh inside. If he put that core component inside Star Tower, the light would be let out instantly.

“In my body? I don’t dare to do that. I’ve decided to let my soul slave try first,” said Luo Feng.

“Soul slave? Your soul slave won’t succeed,” said the spirit. “One needs to have a perfect life gene level and great willpower. Do you have such a soul slave?”

“I can at least try,” said Luo Feng.

“Then try,” said the spirit.

It kept waiting. Once it went into Star Tower, it would be able to kill Luo Feng.

Star Tower took a step back.

Shua!

A black being flew out of Star Tower and went up in the sky, it was Mosha body.

“I come here and make you recognize me as your master.” Mosha body flew toward that bead.

The space around the white wing was quiet, and Mosha body could exist in that space.

“You let your soul slave do it outside?” The white wing was startled, as it couldn’t kill Luo Feng outside.

“Why not?” Luo Feng asked.

Mosha tried, and nothing happened.

“Only those who can fulfill the conditions can succeed,” said the spirit. “Your soul slave won’t be able to do it.”

“Why didn’t you say so before?” asked Luo Feng. “Even if it’s a powerful true treasure, it won’t have any reactions. However, nothing happened when my soul slave tried just now. I can say for sure that it’s a fake core. Give me the real one.”

“It’s different for supreme true treasures.”

“You’re lying,” said Luo Feng. “Give me the real core.”

The ripple stayed silent for a while.

“You’ll never be able to get out,” said Luo Feng. “You have to have a master. Give me your real core. I’ll do it once you give me the real core.”

“Damn it! Damn human! How did you find out?”

“You have finally stop pretending?” Luo Feng jeered. “You’re not as smart as you think. You started to set me up the first time I talked to you. You started with your broken memories and the fight, which shocked me. Indeed, it shocked me as I couldn’t imagine that such a true treasure could be damaged! And then you told me that the conditions are hard. Perfect life gene and willpower. And then, you wanted a pinnacle true treasure. Hahaha… One claim after another, you were just trying to lower my guard down. After all, you’ve been trying to stop me by giving all those conditions.”

Luo Feng smirked and continued. “Lots of great beings aren’t sharp enough. They might be hesitant if they could easily get valuables. However, if the conditions are high, they would be thrilled to know that they matched the criteria. Then they wouldn’t be suspicious anymore.”

“How did you start to suspect me?” asked the white wings.

“You told me you needed my help for material to repair yourself,” said Luo Feng. “And then, you kept telling me how harsh the conditions were and that I needed to sharpen my willpower. These two statements are totally contradictory to each other.”

“Contradictory? Contradictory how?” The white wing still hadn’t figured out the problem.

“If I’m really a universe master,” said Luo Feng. “My godly power will be 100 times life gene. Yet you want a perfect life gene level, which alone is already almost impossible. How can I reach the perfect gene? A real universe master might just give up and not help you anymore. You need my help, so you pretended that I was a universe master. However, the conditions you have can make a real universe master give up. Don’t you think it’s contradictory?”

Luo Feng smirked. “You also know that I have a supreme true treasure,” he went on. “If I can really get a supreme true treasure, do you really think I am a universe master with a life gene level of 100 times? Haha…! It’s contradictory. You tried to set me up. You thought if I was excited about matching all the conditions, I wouldn’t notice. However, from your perspective, your narrative is full of problems.” Luo Feng sneered.

It was difficult to realize that it was a trap. Fortunately, Luo Feng was cautious from the very beginning, which was why he had been able to realize it was a trap.

“The trap is too complex,” said Luo Feng. “I spotted its flaws. Stop fighting and give me the core. You need to have a master anyway.”

“You? My master?” said the white wings. “You’re not even close. Only the top-tier beings in Universe Ocean can be my master. You might not be able to utilize my power after an eternity. It’ll be to my shame and to my previous owner’s shame.”

“How upsetting.” Luo Feng shook his head and sighed. Then he gave an order: “Absorb.”

“Yes, master.” Shi Wu had waited for a long time.

Hong! Long! Long!

Suddenly, four wings extended from the four portals of Star Tower, and they started to bulge from the size of specks to larger than a star—as if Star Tower had grown four wings.

“Light, light from the origin!” Shi Wu was excited.

Hong!

Inside this mysterious place, the giant white wings started to shake. So did the blade of light, as if a towering skyscraper was able to collapse.

“No!” The white wings were terrified. “Spirit? Your wing has a spirit too? How is it possible?”

The blade of light started to fly toward that silver wings like moths flying toward a flame, and the giant white wings started to tremble as well, as if the blades were about to move.

“No! No!” The spirit of the white wing tried to control it. Ripples were transmitted to Shi Wu. “You, stop!”

“Why?” Shi Wu asked in a mild-mannered voice.

“Those energies are mine—mine!” said the spirit of the white wings.

“We are one; they’re yours and mine,” said Shi Wu. “Though you were more severely injured, I was, too. I need energies to recover. Don’t worry. I won’t take them all, just enough to recover.”

Shi Wu Wing kept sucking the light. One tried to control it. One tried to absorb it. However, there was too much light for the spirit of the white wings to control.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The blade of light flew toward the four silver wings, and when it touched them, it was completely absorbed, like water touching dry land. Light started to flow on the wings, and the force began to change. Of course, that was only what was happening on the outside. The changes inside were sharper.

Luo Feng could feel those changes as the owner of Shi Wu Wings. Shi Wu was delicate, and it could grow to several light years high. Those small components in Shi Wu Wing changed sharply after absorbing the light, like a rotten log turning back into fresh, new wood.

“So satisfying!” Shi Wu was exhilarated. “Master, my broken memories are further recovered.”

“Huh?” Luo Feng was curious.

“I can remember how terrifying that fight was,” said Shi Wu. “The wing true treasure was completely dismantled. The white wings are the ones on the top, and they were damaged. The other five pairs of wings were damaged inside. After a long time, the surface was still intact, but the inner parts were severely damaged. I need energies to recover. Master, you don’t have enough godly power to revive me. The light from the origin is turned from my former master, and that’s what can repair me. Only that severely damaged white wing needs other material for repair.”

The Shi Wu Wings kept bulging. Hundreds of millions of kilometers… Billions of kilometers… Tens of billions of kilometers…

One light year, two light years…

It kept getting larger and absorbing more light, making the Shi Wu Wings more powerful.

“No, no! It’s mine! It’s mine!” The white wing was infuriated. “Stop!”


Chapter 1177: A Thousand Years

“Bigger! Bigger! Bigger, Master, bigger!” Shi Wu sent Luo Feng message after message.

Luo Feng was trying his best. Having spent endless time on the battlefields, there was one particularly outstanding battle in which the original Shi Wu Wings had split into six pairs of wings. From that, every pair had been inflicted with major damage. The sixth pair, in the topmost position, the “white wings,” had the empowerment of its origin, so even if it had been drifting about, at least some of the damage could be restored, leaving behind the three most severe injuries that could only be remedied by swallowing various precious materials. It was most fortunate it had the origin, which allowed it to wield overwhelming power.

The other five pairs of wings were not so fortunate. After splitting up, they had drifted off to unknown places. Every single was severely damaged. Thus, their power levels had dropped very low. Furthermore, they did not have the origin as their core, so when they ran into dangerous situations while drifting—for instance, dangerous places that could annihilate universe supreme masters and destroy pinnacle true treasures, like the three major dangerous lands—these wings might pull through every ordeal but would become more severely damaged every time.

Until today, the two pairs of wings that Luo Feng had obtained were able to swallow the energy from the origin to their hearts’ content, thereby enabling their self-restoration to happen.

“Wait a while, wait a while!” The pair of white wings was shouting frantically.

On the other hand, Shi Wu was pushing Luo Feng to go on. “Bigger, bigger, bigger!”

The more complete Shi Wu Wings got, the easier it was to become bigger.

The larger its size, the more blade-rays could be absorbed within the same period. Four wings… unbelievably towering and endless! Being scattered over an area of numerous light years, the Shi Wu Wings was now comparable in size to the gigantic pair of white wings. The pair of white wings had started trembling as though about to collapse, and a large quantity of its blade-rays were flying towards the Shi Wu Wings to fuse with them.

“Master, for endless years, countless components within me have been damaged. Now, 10 percent has recovered!” Shi Wu was apparently very excited.

“Only 10 percent? After almost half a day.”

Luo Feng was secretly taken aback. The requirements for recovery for this grade of supreme true treasure was indeed stringent. Luckily, he had that origin. If he had solely depended on himself, at least within a short period of time, his godly power would never be enough.

“You are a robber! You are a bandit! This is my energy! Mine!”

The white wings had started by opposing, but now had abandoned all restraint and was shouting and cursing.

“Come, come. You can come over and kill me if you are capable of it. You think I am scared of you?” Shi Wu taunted. “Moreover, the energy belonged to all six pairs of wings. I am not wrong in using part of it for self-restoration now. You want it all for yourself?”

“I am the wing and also the origin!” the white pair of wings shouted furiously.

“Haha… You are merely a spirit without an ounce of attack ability,” Shi Wu gloated. “As for me, I have a master. Just you wait and see, I know you inside and out. In the future, you will surely be taken by my master.”

“Yeah, yeah, yeah, dream on, dream on!” retorted the white wings, full of hatred. “Your master is still thinking of collecting me as his. That’s impossible. I will find another master before that happens; I will help my new master annihilate that human master of yours, and then I will swallow you.”

Two spirits were transmitting ripples to one another. Both were intelligent, but they were not considered life forms. They could not, for instance, go to battlefields and such. They were both spirits born from different components of a supreme true treasure. Should there be the day when Shi Wu Wings and the white wings had to fuse, then of these two spirits… only one was destined to survive. Out of the two, one would face annihilation.

This was the reason why the spirits of Shi Wu and the white wings were going all out. Shi Wu was thinking of ways to help Luo Feng subdue the white wings; on the other hand, the white wings had found Luo Feng lacking in many aspects right from the beginning, so all it wanted to was to send Luo Feng to meet his doom. Then it could swallow his various true treasures to aid in its self-restoration.

Now that the spirit of Shi Wu was born, it was simply impossible for white wings to help Luo Feng. It was well aware that he would trust the newborn spirit more than itself.

Shi Wu continued gloating. “You still hoping to find a master? A universe knight who possesses the willpower of a universe supreme master, going to you? Or perhaps a universe master who has even more terrifying willpower, finding its way to you? Haha! You are destined for annihilation. You are already clear about that. Yet you have no idea how you can help yourself. You want to escape, but you cannot move.”

Being a spirit could be such a tragedy—unable to control and move the true treasure by itself.

“You, you… I will find a new master. Then I will swallow you. You will die! Will die!”

The spirit of the white wings was going crazy. It did not really hate the human. On the contrary, it hated Shi Wu much more. It was destined that only one of the two would be able to survive.

Time passed.

“I have already restored 30 percent… I have restored 40 percent… Master, I am halfway through restoration.”

In short intervals, Shi Wu would inform Luo Feng about its restoration progress in great excitement. In the blink of an eye, almost 30 hours had passed. This time around, Shi Wu Wings had restored up to 90 percent.

Luo Feng was in awe. “Nearly 30 hours. This is enough energy to swallow a large quantity of blade-rays anytime, and also energy that an existence such as one beyond the level of universe supreme master would have stored after conversion through the origin.”

This sort of energy—beyond the level of a universe supreme master —was rarely seen. Those towering, gigantic white wings and four silver wings, scattered over an area of numerous light years, were facing each other across a distance. Countless blade-rays from the gigantic white wings flew toward the silver wings.

At first glance, the gigantic white wings were unaffected. However, upon a comparison of its current state compared to 30 hours ago, the gigantic white wings had actually shrunk by quite a bit! Their diameter was reduced by half a light year, which went to show how many blade-rays it had lost.

“Damn! Damn you, I will eat you! For sure.” The white wings were at a loss for words. It could only resort to cursing and swearing at this point.

“Come on, come on!” Shi Wu Wings continued to gloat.

Shi Wu transmitted a piece of news suddenly: “Master, I have completed the self-restoration process.”

Luo Feng was momentarily shocked but soon grew ecstatic. After a day and a half… After spending a day and a half absorbing those high-level blade-rays, where every blade-ray had an attack force stronger than any universe supreme master, the two pairs of wings could finally be fully restored.

“Completed? Your powers have been restored?” Luo Feng was filled with anticipation.

“Yes, yes, yes. I’m in perfect condition.” Shi Wu Wings replied right away. “However, as I only make up two pairs out of the six pairs of wings, Master will at most only be able to execute two kinds of techniques. Of course, these two pairs of wings had already reached a pinnacle state, so even if one owned the complete six pairs of wings but was only able to activate the first and second form of the wings, it would make no difference from what Master is capable of with your two pairs of wings.”

Luo Feng was shocked. “Shi Wu, do you mean I am still only able to activate only two techniques? It’s just that the power levels will be greatly increased?”

“That’s right, Master. Previously, I was severely damaged, so even when godly power activated the secret engravings that flowed past every part of me, the work done was half the amount of effort put in, as I could only wield a small part of my power. And now, I am able to unleash my power to its full potential.”

Luo Feng understood the moment he heard what Shi Wu had to say. It was just like machines; a worn-out machine’s performance might only be left with 10 to 20 percent, while at its peak, it was always performing at its best.

“Are you still swallowing the blade-rays?” Luo Feng asked.

“I am no longer able to,” Shi Wu said helplessly. “Previously, when I still had some damaged parts, I would swallow those blade rays. After swallowing them, they would be automatically absorbed and used up to restore my original form. Now that I am fully restored, even if I were able to swallow them, there would be no way I could use them, so they would fly out from within me. It is also because, within my body, there is no place for me to store those blade-rays. The origin is where the blade-rays can be stored. Only through the origin could one control these blade-rays.”

Luo Feng sighed.

“It is a pity that previously, Master was unable to get the pair of white wings to summon the origin out,” said Shi Wu. “If the origin came out alone, Master would be able to trap it within Star Tower. Without the origin, the pair of white wings would not be able to put up any form of resistance, and Master would be able to keep it inside Star Tower. And then Master could slowly hone and build up his willpower. When the time is right, Master could facilitate the recognizing of its master.” Shi Wu added on in a helpless tone, “Now, there is nothing Master can do anymore.”

Luo Feng nodded. It was true. He had wasted too much time with those white wings, putting in a lot of effort, and although he was aware that the white wings had lain traps all over, he still tolerated it all… Yet the white wings maintained due vigilance and did not let the true core origin step out into the open.

“What should we do?” Luo Feng was frustrated.

“There is nothing we can do, we can only leave it here,” Shi Wu said. “With the origin here, no one would be able to move that pair of white wings. The situation would be like Star Tower in the battlefields of the outer domain back when no one could get it to move.”

Luo Feng nodded. He had used Star Tower to ram into the pair of white wings, but even that had not caused the pair of white wings to move at all.

“It is a spirit, so it does not have the ability to manipulate the white wings into sneaking away,” Shi Wu said. “In addition, it has such stringent requirements when it comes to recognizing someone as its master… I do not believe that within such a short period of time, a universe knight with the willpower of a universe supreme master would appear, chance upon this pair of white wings, and make it to them alive. As for a universe master, to achieve the willpower of one beyond a universe supreme master, that is even more unrealistic.” Shi Wu was very confident in his beliefs.

“Well, I guess we can only do that. For now, we will leave it there.” Luo Feng nodded. “However, I am in no hurry to leave.”

Luo Feng was within Star Tower, smilingly looking at the pair of white wings that was not too far away. The endless, crazy oppressive willpower was still attacking him, never stopping for even an instant.

“This holy ground for honing my willpower is more than I could ever ask for. Although there are such places in Universe Ocean, to be able to get to those places, the paths would be fraught with danger.”

The four silver wings that were extended out from Star Tower via four passageways speedily shrank to naught. Even Star Tower shrank to such a small size until it was no more than a speck of dust.

Within this quiet space, the white wings and Star Tower faced each other across a distance. The distance between them was slowly closing.

“Human, you are going to regret this.”

The white wings were going a little crazy. Yet it was, after all, just a spirit. It could only helplessly watch everything happening before its very eyes.

Years went by. Luo Feng was doing his best to hone his willpower. There were times when he would occasionally stop midway to study the diagrams of secret engravings, beast god path… especially when his Remote Ocean body was wandering about Earth and various other planets. The many experiences and feelings that he had gained from life had made Luo Feng even more steadfast when fighting against the impact of that oppressive willpower.

In the blink of an eye, 1,200 years had passed. The pair of white wings and Star Tower, which had been gradually advancing toward one another, finally met for the first time. Star Tower attached itself to the white wings like fine dust. To be more exact, this speck of fine dust, Star Tower, had found a spot on one of the bloodstains on the white wings. That bloodstain had a diameter of half a meter and exuded a crazy and terrifying aura.

Luo Feng, who was sitting cross-legged, opened his eyes, as he saw the bloodstain that was right outside Star Tower. “Finally touched it. To think that just the willpower and aura of a bloodstain could be so terrifying!”


Chapter 1178: Another Portal

“Is this the most powerful attack from the bloodstains on the wing?” Luo Feng talked to Shi Wu on his back. “Shi Wu, can I make that wing recognize me as its master?”

Shi Wu knew it better than anyone else. After all, Shi Wu was a part of that true treasure.

“Not even close!” said Shi Wu. “Master, you have indeed improved your willpower over the past 1,200 years, and it’s top-tier level among universe masters now. However, turning from a universe master to a universe supreme master is a fundamental change! And the willpower will be changed fundamentally as well. You’re still very far.”

Luo Feng was still calm. After all, he’d gained a lot. The past 1,200 years had sharpened his mind better than the 100 million years in Beast God Sector. He had to admit that the high pressure was a good way to sharpen his willpower. However, if he stayed under such high pressure for too long, his willpower would be damaged as well. It was a double-edged sword.

Willpower wasn’t like law comprehension. Law comprehension required certain steps, while willpower needed the strength from the inside.

“It’s been 1,000 years,” said Luo Feng. “Time to go.”

Luo Feng took a look at the white wing and started to drive Star Tower! There were too many dangerous places in Universe Ocean. There were already all sorts of powers and hazards in the three Lands of Extremis. There were many places in the Lands of Extremis to sharpen his willpower.

A ripple came at him. “Human! I’ll make you and your wing regret it.”

“Next time when I come here, I’ll take you,” Luo Feng replied through his mind ripple.

“Impossible! Don’t count on it!”

Hua!

Star Tower left, and Luo Feng stopped worrying about the white wing; just as the great beings in the original universe weren’t able to deal with Star Tower, Luo Feng wasn’t able to deal with the white wing! It could happen to any universe supreme master.

Next time, Luo Feng thought. Shi Wu Wing has changed sharply. Let me test its power now.

The force of Shi Wu Wing could rival that of a top-tier pinnacle true treasure, and it might be able to match a “strange object.”

“I’ll try now! Golden Country!”

Luo Feng burned his godly power.

Quietly… A thin veil of golden light showed up and covered the entire mysterious space. It had a radius of 80 light years, much larger than that wing space. However, there were still blade storms around the white wing, so even Golden Country wasn’t able to control the space and time there. It was only able to control the stable space and the space between the rocks.

“Too… Too powerful…”

Luo Feng was thrilled. He felt that Golden Country—performed with the pinnacle status of his Shi Wu Wings—could rival the combination of Miniature Universe, the previous Golden Country, and Flame Ocean.

“This…!” Luo Feng was exhilarated.

He had a weaker godly power than other universe masters. Golden Country might actually be able to rival the strange object godly wood.

“Huh? What’s that?”

Luo Feng was dazed. He didn’t have time to exclaim but was a bit shocked. Golden Country enveloped the entire mysterious space, and it penetrated the rocks on the edge. As a result, he discovered another cave portal.

Another cave portal? Where does it lead? That’s right—the white wing wouldn’t have come out of nowhere! It must have flown from someplace.

Thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind.

“I’ll go check.”

Luo Feng made up his mind instantly. He was afraid that the new portal would be discovered by other great beings, and he was curious as well.

Luo Feng flew to the cave portal using Star Tower, but it still took him more than a month to get there.

“There’s light screen here also.”

It was a red cave portal, and Star Tower went through the light screen and entered a dark portal. Star Tower kept flying.

It went through nine light screens, after which there were no more light screens. Star Tower kept flying carefully.

“Cardinal portal…”

Luo Feng stayed in Star Tower, driving along the 100-kilometer cardinal portal. He didn’t dare venture the outside. Instead, he sent out his Mosha body first.

Sou!

Mosha body flew out of Star Tower and flew in front of it.

Mosha body and Star Tower moved along the cardinal portal as Luo Feng kept Golden Country on an area of ten billion square kilometers and tried to watch out for anything dangerous.

“So hot.” Mosha body flew along the portal, and the heated air made him feel extremely uncomfortable. “Cardinal crag.”

Mosha body flew to the crag and touched it with his hands.

Chi!

A strange heat was transferred through the palm of Mosha body, and his arm came off like a melted candle. The heat immediately circulated in his body, and his body trembled. Half of his body bounced away. After that, life core showed up and made up the godly body.

“I have the godly body of a universe knight,” said Mosha body, staring at the crag in surprise. “This strange heat is able to burn me? I must move forward.”

Luo Feng got more curious.

Mosha body and Star Tower kept going forward at high speed. At times, they teleported themselves a billion kilometers away.

“So far, I’ve been moving along the portal for several light years.”

Luo Feng was amazed. Throughout the portal, he sometimes ran into branching paths, so he naturally chose the largest path. The brains of great beings worked extremely quickly, so it was easy for them to remember maps. He kept moving forward.

The wing space should be at the edge of the main mountain of Tilted Mountain Sector, thought Luo Feng. Now that I’ve moved several light years inside, I’ve entered the mountainside, haven’t I?

The main mountain was towering and mysterious in Tilted Sector Sector, and there were caves leading to the outer world. Sometimes, there were true treasures flowing into the water area… Usually, lots of great beings didn’t dare go into the mountainside because it was too dangerous. Luo Feng dared to do so, as he had Star Tower and was curious about the origin of the white wings.

After a long time…

There were lots of forks in the road, and Luo Feng kept choosing the largest branch to move forward. The farther he went, the higher the temperature became. Luo Feng even put back his Mosha body as the heat outside was high enough to burn Mosha body to ashes.

“Rumor has it that the inner area of Tilted Peak Sector is extremely dangerous; even Primal Chaos City Leader might die here. As for the core area, even universe supreme masters might die.” Luo Feng was intimidated. “The heat is able to burn a universe knight. How terrifying the mountainside is!”

Star Tower was able to resist material attacks and guard souls, which was why Luo Feng dared to venture forward.

What’s at the end of these caves…? Luo Feng wondered.

After 30 light years of flying, he finally saw the end. Star Tower arrived at a place that looked like a karst cave—an eroded section of cave with crevices and towers of stone.

Hong! Long! Long!

The white flames were flowing, and hundreds of flaming branches were intersecting each other, forming this enormous karst cave, extending to an unknown destination.

There were red, cyan, and gray halos on the magma, and endless flames emanated from deep within the cave. The space was quite intact; there were no space ripples. Teleportation was impossible here.

Chi!

Luo Feng tried to extend a trace of godly power out, but it was immediately annihilated.

“Even universe masters would die here without armor to protect them,” Luo Feng whispered. “I came here through the cave. Is this an inner area or the core?”

Luo Feng moved his mind. Star Tower moved forward and touched the flames.

Chi!

The fire burned Star Tower, but nothing changed in Star Tower.

“No wonder it’s a supreme true treasure!” Luo Feng exclaimed.

It was as he’d expected. After all, supreme true treasures wouldn’t be damaged even in the Lands of Extremis! Although he had seen the broken white wing, that was the result of an unknown war.

“Such an enormous cave.”

Luo Feng didn’t dare go along the branches as he feared that he might not be able to make it back. Luo Feng kept flying Star Tower through the cave. Star Tower didn’t even enter the flames.

“The stone pillars stay intact under those flames,” Luo Feng observed. “How bizarre.”

He found that although those stone pillars appeared ordinary, the sand on the stone pillars could reflect light. It was as if there were many distinct spaces here.

Shua!

Star Tower disappeared in front of a stone pillar and showed up outside.

“There is a separate space within each of the sand?”

Luo Feng was bewildered. Star Tower entered a separate space after only touching the sand. It was an arid space. Luo Feng got out immediately as he had completely comprehended the law of space.

“Those stone pillars might be made of lots of grains of sand, and there is a space in each grain of the sand,” realized Luo Feng. “What are those stone pillars? I’ve never heard of such a thing! Is it an extremely dangerous place in Tilted Peak Sector, so maybe no great beings of the human race have ever entered it.”

Luo Feng was baffled, as there were no records of these stone pillars.

“Huh?” One pillar in particular immediately Luo Feng’s attention. “What is that…?”


Chapter 1179: Breaking through Reincarnation

Not too far away, there was another stone pillar. At first glance, it was not any different from the other stone pillars; however, taking a closer look, one could see that on the surface of that stone pillar, there was a faint claw mark. The size of it was similar to that of an average earthling’s palm, but it only had four fingers. The print was deeply etched onto that stone pillar.

“A claw mark?” said Luo Feng. “Who would leave a claw mark? Given this flurry of flames, even ordinary universe masters with their true treasure armors would be completely burned to death. Who would come here?”

Luo Feng was inwardly puzzled. The entrance of Tilted Peak Sector’s main mountain peak could be found within the crack within that cross-section… and Luo Feng had made it inside the mountain by traveling against the current flow of the mysterious space of the water domain. Based on his position, he calculated that he ought to be located at the lower region of Tilted Peak Sector’s main mountain peak.

From top to bottom… deeper within Tilted Peak Sector. This was definitely not an ordinary region. There was no information about this stone pillar in the human race’s records, which confirmed that this place was not an ordinary region.

“One must be an extraordinary great being in order to make it here, so this was probably left by a universe supreme being,” Luo Feng speculated.

Star Tower flew over to the stone pillar. As tiny as a sesame seed, Star Tower observed the claw mark most meticulously.

“The gravel in the middle of the claw mark!”

Luo Feng’s eyes lit up. The claw mark was composed of countless pieces of gravel, and the area that the claw mark was etched on was hence heavily spotted with it. The countless pieces of gravel looked incredibly beautiful in the faintly refracted space, but in the middle, it exuded traces of a particular aura—an aura that was quite uncommon.

“Go in and take a look.”

The peak of Star Tower grazed the gravel lightly.

Shua!

The entirety of Star Tower was immediately sucked into one of the spaces contained within the gravel.

Within the space found inside the gravel, the surrounding temperature was much lower. It was almost as low as the temperature within the core of a star. Comparing this temperature to the temperature of the outside world, which was enough to completely burn up the godly power of a universe master, this was much more bearable.

Shua!

Mosha body appeared out of thin air, and Star Tower landed on the shoulders of Mosha body.

“This space…”

Mosha body looked around its surroundings. With one glance, the vast space was filled with a deathly stillness; other than the numerous mountains composed of endless mountain rocks and the vast land, there was nothing special about it. Previously, Luo Feng had entered a space within one of the grains of sand, and it had also contained this state of deathly stillness—nothing special at all.

“This piece of gravel is obviously something different. I don’t believe there is nothing special here. Golden Country!”

Luo Feng made a move in his mind. An endless, hazy golden light fell upon the space in an instant. Within the space, the rocky earth and mountains did not show anything special.

The mountain rocks in Tilted Peak Sector were very special. Firstly, they were incomparably hard and sturdy. Even if one were to exert full force to destroy some of those rocks, the damaged area would coagulate and recover its original state. Secondly, godly power, territories—against nearly everything, they were almost impenetrable.

“The rocks and mountains within this gravel space do not seem special at all. They are only ordinary mountain rocks. This gravel space itself, indeed, has a unique spot.”

Mosha body revealed a trace of delight.

Shua!

With one step, it crossed over a distance of thousands of kilometers to arrive at a mountain peak. On that mountain peak, there was a smooth slab of a rock wall where a strange bout of waves could be found. On the floor before this rock wall, there were two items. One was a green pendant that had strange beast carvings decorating its surface. The other was a silk remnant of incomparable beauty. The silk remnant was an intricate mix of black and gold, and it exuded an aura that made Mosha body feel incredibly comfortable “These two items…”

Mosha body was extremely delighted. After all, he could rely on the human race’s information vault to identify quite a sizable number of items that he did not recognize. At least, he had no trouble identifying the two items before him.

“These are items from Universe Boat, one of the three most dangerous lands.” Luo Feng looked at that green beast carvings pendant. “It’s been said that, with this item in possession, one holds special authority within Universe Boat. The risk of danger is lower, and there is a cultivation space exclusive to anyone with this pendant.”

The Universe Boat is an immeasurably massive yet damaged planet ship.

How could a damaged planet ship be listed as one of the three most dangerous lands? Firstly, Universe Boat was ridiculously massive; the entire planet ship was hundreds of millions of light years in size, and it could swallow endless amounts of chaotic energy, which would cause the surroundings of the entire ship to be enveloped by a dangerous and severe atmosphere. Internally, Universe Boat was fraught with danger.

Universe Boat had appeared endless eras ago… Even before the birth of the two holy lands, Universe Boat had been there! No one knew its origins.

Also, Universe Boat liked to swallow miniature universes. Damaged miniature universes were often attracted to it… only to be sucked in and swallowed. Because of this occurrence, it had gained its appropriate name “Universe Boat.” This damaged, super planet ship had endless power, yet it also had endless dangers and hidden treasures!

The dangers within it were enough to annihilate universe supreme masters. And the hidden treasures within it were enough to make any great being from Universe Ocean go crazy with longing for them.

Tokens were a peculiar kind of item within the Universe Boat. So long as one carried a token wherever he went, some of the dangerous lands might no longer be dangerous to him, although this was not applicable to all the dangerous lands. Every token had a gigantic secret chamber that corresponded to it. Every secret chamber had an isolated space all its own.

Luo Feng looked at the other item. “Pulling Traces Diagram.”

The first item was a token from Universe Boat. The other was a Pulling Traces Diagram.

Previously, Yuan Ao Master had driven various parties into a frenzied battle for the Pulling Traces Diagram.

“Pulling traces” were a very precious kind of material. It was an important material used to produce illusion type true treasures, as it had a natural calming effect on one’s mood.

The pieces Luo Feng had gained previously were merely remnants that were much too small. This Pulling Traces Diagram before him… Compared to the complete one that Yuan Ao Master had taken out previously, this seemed to be slightly bigger, and the aura it exuded made Mosha body feel extremely comfortable.

“What extravagance in the use of threads of pulling traces to be able to make such a big piece,” Luo Feng mused. “So extravagant that perhaps only a universe supreme master could afford to do this.”

Mosha body stretched out to grab the Pulling Traces Diagram.

A thread of godly power penetrated the cloth, his consciousness also entered the Pulling Traces Diagram. Instantly, he seemed to enter a virtual space.

Within this virtual space… was a virtual, gigantic Universe Boat. A strand of red thread strung together certain regions within the Universe Boat. In this virtual space, the dangers within each region were simulated as though they were real, and descriptions of how to avoid these dangers and the ways to traverse these dangerous lands were shown.

“This… this is part of the map of the Universe Boat?”

Mosha body immediately retracted his godly power. He gained an understanding almost instantly. He became delirious with joy.

The three most dangerous lands were on par with one another. Tilted Peak Sector, Universe Boat, and Flowing Countless Mountains were places that could give birth to numerous supreme true treasures, where pinnacle treasures were more commonly seen. Of course, precious treasures always went hand-in-hand with terrifying environments… Therefore, the more detailed and comprehensive a map was, the more precious it would be.

This map… was as good as the one that Yuan Ao Master had previously taken out. In terms of value, it was no less than a strange godly wood. And it belonged solely to Luo Feng!

Hong!

A bout of waves suddenly burst out from the rock wall before him. Luo Feng, who had just picked up the green token, could not help looking up.

A scene was unfolding on the rock wall before him. Two vague figures began to appear. One was an immeasurable beauty whose entire body was covered with countless green leaves. Looking at her was like looking at the most exuberant existence of the universe. Luo Feng felt immeasurable comfort.

The other figure was wearing a long, gray robe. At first glance, he looked like a piece of dead wood, and his head bore some resemblance to crystal. He was bald and did not have ears or a nose —only three eyes and a mouth.

“I am Jie Fanzi,” the gray-robed figure said.

“I am Zhen Lin,” said the beautiful lady wrapped in countless green leaves, also introducing herself.

The gray-robed figure continued, “Because you picked up the two items I left behind, you are able to see these images taken as a memento! What we cannot know… is, by the time you see this, which reincarnation era it will be.”

As the gray-robed figure’s mouth moved, strange waves formed. It spoke in a language Luo Feng was not familiar with, but when the waves were transmitted to his brain, he seemed to naturally understand everything the figure was saying.

To a certain extent, there was no need for language. The waves of one another’s willpower enabled them to establish mutual understanding.

“Which reincarnation era…” Luo Feng was secretly in shock.

These two fellows… The human databank had already provided Luo Feng with information on some terrifying figures from the three major universe eras and two holy lands, yet apparently, there was no information about these two—Jie Fanzi and Zhen Lin. He had never heard of them before. Clearly, they were not life forms from any of the three major universe reincarnation eras.

“I am a lone supreme master,” the gray-robed figure continued. “Before my last fight, my inheritance, my countless efforts—I do not wish for them to go to waste. So, on my way to try for that breakthrough in reincarnation, I left a token and a map of the Universe Ocean here. That token represents an isolated space within the Universe Boat. Other than my supreme true treasure that I brought along with me, I have left the rest of what I own there. I only hope that… successors shall bring glory to my legacy. And, if possible, hand down the various techniques and knowledge I have created to later generations, thus providing them with meaning to live on.”

“This is not a demand,” the grey-robed figure clarified. “I am in no position to ask too much of a great being from numerous reincarnation eras in the future.”

Luo Feng’s heart started to beat faster.

Damn!

Pulling Traces Diagram and the green token from Universe Boat were actually just keys. A lone universe supreme master only took his supreme true treasure with him and left the rest of his belongings there. The riches of a universe supreme master could be incomparably intimidating—like how much Huge Axe Creator had contributed to the human race.

The lone wanderer Sitting Mountain Guest, for instance, did not bother himself with pinnacle true treasures at all. And Dark Universe Creator had immediately said he wanted the strange object godly wood and was willing to use his pinnacle true treasures to compensate the various parties in exchange for it.

To the lone universe supreme masters… some of these pinnacle true treasures were worthless.

Another wave that sounded full of vitality was transmitted to Luo Feng. “Junior.” The beautiful lady had spoken up, too. “I, Zhen Lin, left behind my inheritance, too. As for the token and the map, they are kept at a distance of around 300 light years away from here. If you are capable enough, there is no harm looking around. Whether you are able to find it or not depends on your luck.”

“Don’t listen to her,” said the gray-robed figure. “This is already the core of Tilted Peak Sector, where danger lurks all over. Where even universe supreme masters are highly likely to be annihilated. It is said that some universe supreme masters who succeeded in breaking through reincarnations left tokens within their surroundings, but to be able to obtain those tokens, one would need luck, as scouring around for these tokens would be far too dangerous. We have lived for almost three reincarnation eras. Our limits are nearing. We only have one last gamble to make to breakthrough this round of reincarnation. If we achieve a breakthrough… then we can become eternal existences and even establish a sacred universe.”

“The Universe Ocean of today only has one sacred universe,” said the lady wrapped in green leaves. “I am going to see to it that Universe Ocean has two sacred universes.”

“Haha! Zhen Lin, let’s go.”

“Let’s go.”

The gray-robed figure and lady covered with green leaves vanished in a flash and were closely followed by the images that were kept as mementos. These gradually dispersed from sight too.

Luo Feng stood before the rock wall but was motionless for quite some time.


Chapter 1180: Huge Axe

“If I survive the incarnation, I can live forever?” Luo Feng whispered.

This so-called incarnation might be a huge secret in Universe Ocean.

“However, it’s too far from me. There are three incarnation eras in total, and I’ve only lived a short while.”

Luo Feng then put everything away, but he didn’t find anything using Golden Country. Then Luo Feng left the space on Star Tower.

He inspected the karst cave for a long time, but he couldn’t find anything else. Besides, based on the message left by Jie Fanzi and Zhen Lin, the karst cave was already the core area of Tilted Peak Sector, where even universe supreme masters could be killed.

“I found some stuff left by Jie Fanzi by luck. I can’t adventure in the core area. I’ll regret it forever if Star Tower gets trapped somewhere.”

Luo Feng turned Star Tower around and went back.

It had been an easy trip. He had recorded the path before, so he arrived back to the wing space quickly. After another two months, he arrived back in the cave where he had been.

Luo Feng didn’t search for valuables. Instead, he went back to the original universe.

One month later, in the original universe: human territory, Earth.

In a city in Asia, in the corner of a restaurant, a black-haired man in casual clothing sat with a teapot and a teacup. There were all sorts of conversations in the restaurant.

“The investment in the Mo Ya system this time is a huge mistake! We cooperated with the emperor of that system because we want the make things smoother, which is why we gave him 10 percent of the shares! That emperor is too greedy and tried to gain from the investment… Humph! He thinks we can’t do anything to him just because it’s far from our Ganwu Universe Country… Humph! It’s all too easy for us to crush him!”

“I almost became a domain lord.”

“Easy. I gave three life planets to have a baby on Earth.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help laughing. Those who could live on Earth were the big families and elites of the earthling bloodline.

“Ah, Feng,” said a voice.

Luo Feng raised his head. A seemingly humble man walked toward Luo Feng and smiled at him. He sat down across from Luo Feng.

Luo Feng smiled. “Wei Weng.”

“They can’t hear us?” Wei Weng looked around.

“They won’t remember anything,” said Luo Feng.

“Impressive.” Wei Weng gave a thumbs up.

“Who do you think I am?” Luo Feng asked with a smile.

“You’re good,” said Wei Weng. “Everyone knows you’re incredible. Why did you pick this place?”

“To listen and observe more,” said Luo Feng. “Those who live on Earth are the elites of the earthlings. I can find out more about the earthlings by listening to their conversations.”

Wei Weng nodded.

“Why’re you still at the ninth level of domain lord?” asked Luo Feng. “With the resources I gave you, it should be very easy for you to become undying.”

Wei Weng had been friends with Luo Feng forever, and Luo Feng was as close to Wei Weng as to Luo Hua. When he was the envoy of Ganwu, Wei Weng was already at star level, and he had turned universe level soon after that. Luo Feng had provided as many resources as possible to his parents, his wife, his brother Luo Hua, and Wei Weng; he needed to make sure that they became undying. As for his sons Luo Ping and Luo Hai, he was stricter.

And as for his grandchildren and other descendants, they needed to take care of themselves. He wasn’t able to supply endless resources to them, just like those other friends on Earth.

“I still have a long time to go,” said Wei Weng. “I can live as a domain lord for another several million years. Fine. I’ll practice and become a sector lord.”

“That’s more like it.”

Although his status was surging, Luo Feng had never shown any superiority in front of his brother Wei Weng, which was why Wei Weng still treated Luo Feng as an ordinary person.

They talked until dark, and thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind.

I have three things on hand that I need to deal with, thought Luo Feng. I need to take the white wing, but I need to sharpen my willpower and get it to reach the universe supreme master level. There are plenty of places in the Lands of Extremis for me to do that.

Second, the object left by Jie Fanzi. Jie Fanzi, I know you’re powerful, but you left your valuables in Universe Boat. Aren’t you torturing me?

And third, Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest… I can tell from the white wing, Jie Fanzi, and Zhen Lin that even universe supreme masters have things to worry about. Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest still devoted so much energy cultivating disciples, and he even gives a supreme true treasure to his disciples. I don’t believe there aren’t any other plans behind this.

Luo Feng remembered Sitting Mountain Guest’s plan. Although he respected and trusted Sitting Mountain Guest, he still needed to be careful.

I don’t have time to think about teacher Sitting Mountain Guest. The more powerful I get, the more ways I have to deal with those difficulties. I’ll improve my power now. As far as getting the white wing back, it is broken and needs lots of precious materials. The valuables left by Jie Fanzi are enough to recover the white wing.

Luo Feng had a good plan, but neither the white wing nor the valuables were easy to acquire. He had located the valuables in Tilted Peak Sector by luck. However, it wasn’t that easy to get the valuables in Universe Boat. He had the map, but he needed to venture in personally!

Hmm… I’ll choose Universe Boat as the place to sharpen my willpower, Luo Feng thought. I need more information about Universe Boat. After all, that’s one of the three Lands of Extremis. Even Teacher Primal Chaos City Leader could die there. I must be cautious.

The valuables left by Jie Fanzi were clearly not for his disciples. Even those at the same level as Primal Chaos City Leader couldn’t guarantee they could get such valuables.

Incarnation… It seems there’s an incarnation in Tilted Peak Sector. There might be lots of valuables left by universe supreme masters.

Luo Feng could extrapolate that there might be lots of valuables left by generations of universe supreme masters, but he didn’t dare look for them without a careful plan.

Luo Feng started to gather information about Universe Boat.

There were two beings in the space of the inner area of Tilted Peak Sector.

A being with three faces, eight arms, and hammers in each of its hands triggered a technique, and a huge phantom of a giant hammer showed up.

“Primal Chaos City Leader, you’ll have to fight me today,” it said.

“Phantom?” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at it. “You’re from Purple Moon Holy Land. I’ve never heard of you. This must be the first time you have come out. Do you want me as your competitor?”

There were two holy land universes. The smaller one was called Purple Moon Holy Land.

“Yes, you’re my competitor, Primal Chaos City Leader.” The golden-armored being had three faces—fierce, gentle, and indifferent. The fierce one was facing City Chaos City Leader. “I pick the stronger ones.”

“Do it,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Okay, I’ll see how powerful this Primal Chaos City Leader is.”

The golden-armored being started to make attacks.

Hong! Long! Long!

The hammers became blurry and merged with the phantom. They became a giant godly hammer! The space around the hammer was annihilated.

“A supreme technique.” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head. “Chaos, move.”

Primal Chaos City Leader slapped at it. His palm became larger, turning golden. A universe was formed in the palm, and all sorts of energies were born.

Peng!

The giant golden palm hit the godly hammer.

Hong! Long!

The hammer crumbled, and the golden-armored great being bounced back. The wind in the distance froze him. And then, the ice broke, and the great being went out.

“No wonder you’re Primal Chaos City Leader!” he roared. “Ancestor said you have the highest chance of becoming a universe supreme master. One palm and you defeated me. I’m being too arrogant!”

Hong!

The great being disappeared.

“The highest chance to become a universe supreme master?” Primal Chaos City Leader whispered. “The ancestors of the two holy lands are never seen by anyone. That ancestor from Purple Moon Holy Land said something like that about me so lots of universe masters from that holy land would come to fight me.”

It was all too common that Primal Chaos City Leader ran into beings from the holy land who wanted to fight him. His godly power was far inferior to Star River Master. However, he was known for being powerful!

Huge Axe Founder sent Primal Chaos City Leader a message: “Chaos, Chaos. Haha! I got extremely lucky and acquired a ‘huge axe’ supreme true treasure. Tell the other universe masters of us humans that it’s something to celebrate…”

“A supreme true treasure? Huge Axe got a supreme true treasure?”

Primal Chaos City Leader was exhilarated. This was something for the entire human race to celebrate. He immediately told the other universe masters of the human race.

Soon, Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and Void Gold Master all knew about it.


Chapter 1181: Race Contribution

A supreme true treasure was a guarding treasure of a race. Lots of supreme beings felt insecure, as the human race never had a supreme true treasure. However, Huge Axe Founder had gotten a supreme true treasure, and it was something that thrilled all the great beings of the human race.

In the virtual universe, all the supreme beings of the human race gathered.

“Since Teacher Origin was suppressed, we humans have been low-key. Now that Huge Axe Founder has a supreme true treasure, our status in the original universe will be stabilized.”

“I was shocked by the news.”

“Since Teacher Origin was suppressed, the demon race, bug race, and automaton race all try to outpower us—especially the demon race! Now that Huge Axe has a supreme true treasure, the two demon ancestors won’t be reckless.”

There were dishes and wine on the long bench. Huge Axe Founder and the 19 universe masters were talking in excitement.

“Keep it a secret first,” said Huge Axe Founder. “I’m still in the inner area of Tilted Peak Sector, and it’ll take me some time to get back. No one else knows that I got a supreme true treasure, so we must keep it a secret. I’ll reveal it when the time comes.”

“Yes.”

“Okay.”

The universe masters all nodded. The news would be made known. After all, one couldn’t hide a supreme true treasure forever.

Huge Axe Founder wasn’t like Luo Feng. Luo Feng was only a universe knight, and even though he accomplished much on the engraving picture, he wasn’t a top-tier universe master even with Star Tower. He was, at most, good at surviving. Huge Axe Founder was completely different.

It was a fiesta, as this news was worth celebrating by the entire human race, showing another milestone of the power of the human race.

“Luo Feng.”

Primal Chaos City Leader walked toward Luo Feng with a black wine cup.

“Luo Feng.”

“So happy today. Huge Axe is best at axe techniques, and he became universe supreme master with an axe,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “He got an axe supreme true treasure, and with that, Huge Axe will become much more powerful.”

Luo Feng nodded. He was right. Supreme true treasures needed to be suitable. An axe was much better than a sword to someone who used an axe. Of course, that axe type supreme true treasure had lots of other functions.

“Luo Feng, you asked me for the information on Universe Boat.” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “I gave you a piece before. I just talked to Huge Axe, and he had something more detailed. I’ll send it to you now.”

“Thank you, Teacher.” Luo Feng was overjoyed.

Huge Axe Founder had the map? The more detailed the information was, the better. After all, the Pulling Traces Diagram left by Jie Fanzi only recorded a tiny area of Universe Boat. No one had the full map of the Lands of Extremis.

“Teacher, I have a map of Universe Boat,” said Luo Feng. “I got it by luck in Tilted Peak Sector. I’ll send it to you now.”

“Which? Which power?” The smile on Primal Chaos City Leader’s face froze.

He gazed at Luo Feng in amazement. “Good. It’s a record of the inner area of Universe Boat? The maps we humans have can barely rival the one you have. Did you get it from the great beings of the first universe era?”

“Normally, great beings will burn the maps after reading it.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng. “Just like we told you to burn the map last time. Only those who are extremely confident dare to carry the maps. Like me, Huge Axe, other universe masters who are good at surviving, and other universe supreme masters.”

Luo Feng nodded. Maps of the Lands of Extremis were secrets of a race, and only the top seniors in a race could read them.

Huge Axe Founder would give it to other universe masters when he got one, and Luo Feng would surely give it to the race. It was contribution within the race, and the human race wouldn’t trade it with other races under almost all circumstances. Trades could only happen after a discussion among the seniors or if Huge Axe Founder did it himself.

“I’m not able to kill those who dare to carry maps.” Luo Feng shook his head. “I got the Pulling Traces Diagram in the water area of Tilted Peak Sector by luck.”

“Pulling Traces Diagram?” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “How luxurious. It should be left by a universe supreme master. Lots of universe supreme masters died during the incarnations, and lots of their valuables or maps are left in the Lands of Extremis.”

The universe masters were talking.

“Come here.”

“More good news!” Huge Axe Founder yelled.

Some universe masters immediately sat back down in their chairs with their eyes gleaming. Some shouted, “What?”

“Did someone get another supreme true treasure?”

“Do you really think it’s that easy to get a supreme true treasure, Peng Gong?”

Huge Axe Founder looked at Luo Feng and said, “Luo Feng found a Pulling Traces Diagram of Universe Boat in Tilted Peak Sector.”

Hua!

“Pulling Traces Diagram?”

“Of Universe Boat?”

“How large is the area?”

“Usually, it’s a large area for a Pulling Traces Diagram.”

All the universe masters were thrilled.

Huge Axe Founder nodded. “We now know twice as much as we knew about Universe Boat now, and some core areas are recorded.” Lots of universe masters went to congratulate or thank Luo Feng… Luo Feng could feel the unity within the human race. Everyone wanted the best for the race.

“Luo Feng.” Huge Axe walked to Luo Feng.

“Huge Axe Founder,” said Luo Feng.

“You contributed the map of the Land of Extremis,” Huge Axe said. “It’s a great contribution. The race needs contributions from great beings. I should give you more than 10,000 true treasure points for that map.”

“However, there are only a limited number of valuables.”

“If your contribution is too large, the race can’t give something equivalent back.” Huge Axe looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng smiled. He understood that there were only a limited number of valuables, and they were mainly contributed by Huge Axe Founder. Huge Axe Founder put lots of valuables in the race without asking anything back. He gave the maps to the race, and he nurtured the race like a father.

“I can only give you 5,000 true treasure points,” said Huge Axe Founder.

“You give them for free…” said Luo Feng.

“You need to be powerful.” Huge Axe Founder glanced at Luo Feng. “No need to say no. 5,000 true treasures it is. You need to have it. Become a universe master as soon as possible.”

Luo Feng nodded. He felt that the human race depended on the 20 people. 19 universe masters and Huge Axe Founder! And, of course, Teacher Origin. Huge Axe and Primal Chaos City Leader were the leaders.

I’ll make more contributions, Luo Feng thought.

Based on the information he got about Universe Boat and the map he got…

“Please.”

Luo Feng sat in a restaurant close to his home. The light poured on his body, and Luo Feng frowned.

“Based on the information, the keepsakes have different levels. From lower to higher, black, green, and silver. Only powerful universe masters can get the keepsakes. The green keepsakes are in the hands of universe supreme masters. As for silver keepsakes, only the great beings from the holy lands have them.”

Luo Feng frowned. Green keepsakes were in the inner area of Universe Boat and bordered the core area. It was extremely dangerous. Only universe supreme masters could get the green keepsakes.

“Oh, Jie Fanzi. Why did you have to keep the valuables somewhere so dangerous? Even my Primal Chaos City Leader teacher can’t guarantee to get there. And me?” Luo Feng exclaimed.

Within three months after he went back to Earth, Luo Feng left the original universe and left for Universe Ocean. He was going to Universe Boat this time!


Chapter 1182: The Black-Striped Stone Pillar

In the vast Universe Ocean, endless chaotic airflow filled the atmosphere.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

A black-haired man with silver wings left scattered streaks of shadows as he teleported repeatedly across vast distances within the Universe Ocean… This was Luo Feng, who was just leaving the primal universe and making his way toward Universe Boat all by himself.

This was different from the first time he went to Tilted Peak Sector. Although it took only slightly more than 1,000 years, after absorbing a large amount of energy from the origin during the time spent in the space of the wings, the once heavily damaged Shi Wu Wings were able to restore their original form to become almost perfect again. Once the hazy golden light spread to fill the surroundings, the force was so powerful that even Luo Feng was breathless with wonder. Sometimes, an unknown occurrence could bring a bigger surprise than all the other known ones combined!

Other great beings could be strong in attack, defense, godly body, techniques, and much more…

For him, regardless of how many flaws or how lacking he was, merely by relying on the combination of the perfect Shi Wu Wings, Flame Sand Cup, and Miniature Universe, he could at least wipe out all the other pinnacle domain true treasures! He could fight if he wanted to or leave if he needed to; he was in total control of what would be done.

“I’m so looking forward to it. I will make use of this journey to hone my willpower to the level of a universe supreme master. Then I will go back to Tilted Peak Sector and claim that pair of white wings.”

Luo Feng was filled with anticipation. On the one hand, he allowed his mind to run wild with its thoughts. On the other hand, he maintained a high frequency of long-distance teleportation.

Hua.

Suddenly, he stopped.

“A natural wormhole.”

Luo Feng looked far into the distance at the gigantic, distorted space whirlpool. He revealed a trace of a smile. It had been a pretty dull journey rushing about Universe Ocean. There were chaotic airflows everywhere. At times, he would make a single teleportation that would last over a span of one to two days; other times, he would maintain a high or almost maximum frequency of repeated teleportation. Everywhere he passed, there was no direction to speak of. The only constant was that chaotic airflow…

Indeed, how dull it was. So when he saw that natural wormhole, it was like seeing a ray of hope amidst helplessness.

“My trip to Universe Boat this time will probably take a long, long time,” Luo Feng commented lightly.

Prior to setting off, he had looked up a large quantity of information on Universe Boat so that he would be clear on where he should go to hone his willpower. The Universe Boat was massive, and its internal domain was fraught with dangers with many places where he would never dare to teleport. The destination he had set his sights on was none other than the land for honing willpower.

Universe Boat, one of the three most dangerous lands, was fraught with danger. Based on ready information found within the human race’s databank, there were quite a few lands for honing willpower within the internal domain, and every single one had a different environment. Within one of these environments, the “Black-Striped Stone Pillar” could be found—or, according to what Luo Feng and the humans called it, the “Celestial Magic Pillar.” It was one of the countless strange objects found within Universe Boat.

There was a total of 16 Celestial Magic Pillars (black-striped stone pillars)! These 16 Celestial Magic Pillars all stood at a towering height of more than 1,000 light years and were all extremely powerful. No attack was strong enough to cause damage or take them away. They were the supporting pillars of a certain strange space. Within that strange space were numerous gigantic secret chambers. Within each secret chamber, there was an isolated space, and each one had a corresponding black token. Anyone who wanted to enter the isolated space of this secret chamber would have to possess the corresponding black token.

What Jie Fanzi had left behind was a green token that was of a higher grade. Similarly, the green token corresponded to one of the secret chambers with an isolated space that was even deeper within the internal domain. It was so deep that it could be the end of the internal domain, where the edge of the core region was. Even universe supreme masters were extremely cautious when they were located there. Great beings like Primal Chaos City Leader would not even dare venture so far in…

The Celestial Magic Pillars were located in a space that was not so deep in. Thus, the difficulty level was much lower, so great beings like Primal Chaos City Leader, Star River Master, Ice Mountain Master, and An Yong Master would at least dare to take a shot at entering the region. Spending a couple hundred or 1,000 years within the internal domain ought to have been more than enough to reach the space with the Celestial Magic Pillars.

These Celestial Magic Pillars were magical and exerted the impact of endless willpower. The closer they were, the more intimidating the impact of their willpower could get. And the closer to these Celestial Magic Pillars, the faster the time velocity was! Time velocity could reach a ratio of 100 to 1. Or even 1000 to 1.

This time velocity was the reason why Luo Feng decided to head to this space with the Celestial Magic Pillars! After all, just by venturing deeper and deeper into the internal region to arrive at a land for honing willpower was a long process that could take a couple hundred or 1,000 years. The process of traveling back and forth would take an extremely long time.

One also had to consider the time spent on attaining the willpower of a universe supreme master… If going to the space with the Celestial Magic Pillars was more time-saving, then naturally, it would be Luo Feng’s first choice.

“The largest hidden treasure within Original Star was within the Disambiguation Temple; so within the Disambiguation Temple, there must be various components of a pinnacle domain type true treasure.”

Luo Feng had to make a choice. He had already obtained one Disambiguation Mirror Stone, so he was qualified to enter the temple. Yet he might not be able to make it on time. After all, once all 36 Disambiguation Mirror Stones had been born, Disambiguation Temple would open. Those with the Disambiguation Mirror Stones would be granted entry.

Suppose the Disambiguation Temple opened, but he was over at where the Celestial Magic Pillars were. By the time he made it back, a couple hundred or 1,000 years would have passed. Then the fight for treasures at the Disambiguation Temple would have ended!

“The Disambiguation Mirror Stones. I have left them in God Country. Should Disambiguation Temple open, I would be able to rush back within the shortest time possible—that is, if I made the trip personally. Otherwise, I could hand the stones over to Teacher and company. Then at least the Disambiguation Mirror Stones will not go to waste.”

Luo Feng valued this Disambiguation Mirror Stones, but upon consideration, he valued the pair of damaged white wings more than he did the stones.

Hua!

Luo Feng transformed into a beam of light, flew into the natural wormhole, and soon, was transmitted an extremely far distance away.

Time passed.

After using up almost 12 days within the vast Universe Ocean, Luo Feng finally arrived at one of the three most dangerous lands, Universe Boat.

“That, ahead of us, is Universe Boat.”

Luo Feng continued to teleport repeatedly for a few minutes.

Suddenly, the scenery before him changed. Chaotic airflow suddenly thinned out substantially. From afar, a more astounding scene unfolded.

“This, this…”

Luo Feng stood in void space as he looked at the unbelievable scene billions of light years away. Even though he had witnessed this scene before when he was going through the information he’d found, this was the first time he had laid eyes on the true Universe Boat, and he felt an overwhelming shock.

The immeasurable towering Universe Boat… was a damaged, incomparably gigantic naval vessel. It was as tall as several tens of millions of light years, and as long as billions of light years. It was a complex mix of deep black and bewildering purple, and its body… even from a couple billion light years away, Luo Feng could see the dense spots of damaged areas that were full of cracks and holes.

It was like a naval vessel that had been shot by a barrage of lasers, then hacked by many gigantic blades… It was utterly damaged!

Hong! Long! Long!

An overpowering gravitational force was released from within the Universe Boat, swallowing the surrounding chaotic airflow in a frantic manner, causing the chaotic airflow in its surroundings to always be maintained at a thinned condition.

Upon swallowing the chaotic airflow, the entire Universe Boat was able to maintain a constant release of its endless power. A circular, gigantic river of flames surrounded the Universe Boat while the vast Cold Sea enshrouded it with cold air. Amidst the cold air, one could vaguely see glittering and translucent icebergs that resembled mirrors… At the same time, a huge wind whirlpool was raging in the surroundings.

Pi! Pa!

A gigantic electric snake that was several tens of thousands light years long was raging and roaring. Streaks of resplendent light rays of various colors dazzled Luo Feng. Huge, lush green vines climbed and twined around the surface of the vessel, appearing to be so quiet.

Flames, cold air, wind, electricity, vines, rays…

In the outermost boundary, a large number of broken segments were constantly circulating the bulk of Universe Boat while flying at high speed; these were likely segments that had broken off the body of Universe Boat, and they were constantly flying around at high speeds.

Luo Feng did not find all these most shocking at all. What shocked him most was that at the lower region of the Universe Boat, there was a thick chaotic air mass. He could see a faint array of colorful electric lights flashing; there were colors like gold, red, blue, and green. And within that chaotic airflow, there was a huge, damaged miniature universe!

A miniature universe!

“Swallowed a miniature universe… it has actually swallowed a miniature universe.” Luo Feng was truly taken aback. “The top half of the miniature universe is gone. Could it be because it was partially swallowed?”

The miniature universe by itself was as long as billions of light years. It was damaged, but it still had a diameter of billions of light years. If its height was taken into consideration, the size of the miniature universe would have been even bigger.

I really wonder what the background of the Universe Boat is. Luo Feng could not help the thoughts that were thronging his mind. Directly swallowing the chaotic airflow is not something that just any great being would be capable of. Only a miniature universe would be able to absorb and transform this chaotic airflow into energy of universe laws. However—not only can Universe Boat constantly swallow the chaotic airflow, but it can even swallow the whole miniature universe. And it can transform everything it has absorbed into gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, thunder and lightning, light rays, time, space, and various kinds of energy. Within the Universe Boat, not only are there secret chambers that contain isolated spaces aplenty, but there are also quite a handful of places with strange time velocity.

To be able to achieve all of the above, it is practically comparable to the universe laws of a miniature universe. This Universe Boat. How was it made in the first place? And how did it get so severely damaged?

“It’s just that, according to the legends of the three most dangerous lands… we have already lost count of the number of reincarnation eras that have passed,” Luo Feng said to himself.

Countless great beings often discovered items left behind by some universe supreme masters known from history. They often discovered some information, yet regardless of which reincarnation era these were from, all seemed to involve records of the three most dangerous lands. The eternal nature of the three most dangerous lands was comparable to the endless generations of reincarnations of the primal universe. No one knew how the three most dangerous lands had been born.

Luo Feng was quite appalled when he actually saw Universe Boat with his own eyes; he had spent quite some time teleporting before he finally arrived at the region of the Universe Boat where a great number of broken segments were flying at high speeds. There were countless broken segments. The small ones were as big as tens of billions of kilometers, and the big ones were as big as a couple hundreds of light years.

Sou!

Luo Feng teleported himself to land on a piece of a broken segment of the Universe Boat. This segment’s largest diameter was around 0.6 light years. Other than some patterns that were purple, the rest of it was all a deep black color, resulting in the entire broken segment exuding an oppressive force that made Luo Feng’s heart tremble… And this broken segment shared a vague connection to the Universe Boat that was quite a distance away.

Since time immemorial, countless great beings had tried, but none had been able to take away a single piece of Universe Boat’s broken segments. Even if they were to attack a Universe Boat broken segment at full force, they would still not be able to throw the broken segment into chaos. It was as though an invisible rope tied the broken segment and Universe Boat together.

“I have arrived on Universe Boat,” Luo Feng said to himself. “I shall head over to the gathering place of my fellow human race first.”

With that, a human figure could be seen flashing about in the void space.

After spending about five minutes, Luo Feng teleported and appeared on a fast-flying, distorted piece of Universe Boat broken segment. This was the gathering place for humans from the primal universe.

On the three most dangerous lands—be it Tilted Peak Sector, Universe Boat, or Flowing Countless Mountains—the human race would always designate a gathering place. As the exploration process required constant vigilance and caution, if one felt tired after spending a long time exploring dangerous lands, they could return to these designated gathering places to rest.


Chapter 1183: Huan Jie Emperor

The fragments of Universe Boat were close to the wind whirlpool. Even though it was only a small part of the wind, it hit Luo Feng everywhere, crashing into him like blades. But to Luo Feng, they were like a light breeze.

A being showed up. “Luo Feng!”

“Uncle.” Luo Feng looked at Ice Mountain Master in surprise. “Why are you here?”

After the fight with Yuan Ao Master, Ice Mountain Master was very close to Luo Feng as they tried to get the Pulling Traces Diagram and defended themselves against the enemies together.

“Why can’t I come here?” said Ice Mountain Master.

“That’s not what I meant,” said Luo Feng. “I thought the human race was in Tilted Peak Sector. I thought you were in Tilted Peak Sector.”

“That’s true,” said Ice Mountain Master. “You just contributed a huge map of Universe Boat, so we can get more the first time. Lots of great beings of the human race will come here. Besides, Huge Axe Founder wanted a supreme true treasure, which is why he came here. It’ll take him around 100 years to arrive here.”

Luo Feng flew side by side with Ice Mountain Master. “He’s not in Tilted Peak Sector anymore?”

“He might still go in the future,” Ice Mountain Master explained. “We got some pictures of the inner area, but Huge Axe Founder never arrived there. He was lucky enough to find a special place and got a supreme true treasure there.”

“In the inner area?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Supreme true treasures were usually in the core areas. Of course, there were exceptions, just like those white wings.

“It’s in the inner area, so he came out fast,” said Ice Mountain Master. “The concentration of the human race in Universe Boat. As for Tilted Peak Sector, we’ll leave that for later.”

Luo Feng understood. The map he contributed was much larger. After all, he only got several pieces from Yuan Ao Master, and none of them showed the path to the core area.

After a short while…

On a fragment of Universe Boat, a white godly palace was located on a great canyon.

Ice Mountain Master walked to the white godly palace. “We need to venture into the inner areas of Universe Boat. The top beings of the human race will come here one by one. There are three of us here. Me, Void Gold Master, and Zhen Ma Master. Four if we count you.”

“Zhen Ma Master?” Luo Feng was surprised.

“The Hong Alliance is an alliance, after all,” said Ice Mountain Master. “We’ll give a part of our map to them. But remember, they are other races, so we can’t share everything even if we’re in the same alliance. These secrets are all obtained by us humans.”

Luo Feng nodded. Some other races would trade something under temptations, and they couldn’t be tracked as long as they kept it clean. Some beings left the Hong Alliance and joined other alliances, like Flame Emperor.

Luo Feng and Ice Mountain Master transmitted their voices using godly power.

“Luo Feng, Ice Mountain.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader, Ice Mountain Master.”

Two beings showed up in front of the godly palace and greeted Luo Feng and Ice Mountain Master.

“Void Gold Master, Zhen Ma Master!” Luo Feng shouted.

Luo Feng didn’t rush it, as Ice Mountain Master and Void Gold Master were waiting outside. Time flew, and great beings came one after another, such as Peng Gong Master and Huang Jian Master.

One day, Luo Feng and Void Gold Master stood beside the cliff.

Void Gold Master lowered his eyebrows. “Do you have something to say to me?”

“Void Gold Master,” said Luo Feng. “Three of us came from Earth. Hong is the big brother while I’m the third brother. My big brother went to you after. I could still get in contact with big brother before, but I can’t anymore. How is he doing now?”

“You mean Hong?” Void Gold Master smiled. “He’s your big brother, after all, and he is a genius. He didn’t make much improvement at the start. However, he’s a special one. Normally, great beings make less improvement later, but he is exactly the opposite. He didn’t improve quickly at the beginning but keeps making breakthrough later.”

Shi Huo Knight was a disciple of Void Gold Master, and Shi Huo Master improved really fast. Comparatively, Hong indeed didn’t improve quickly enough.

“He’s really mediocre aside from willpower and illusions, and he was the worst at the beginning,” said Void Gold Master. “However, he’s already been able to catch up with the average level of my disciples. Tens of thousands of years ago, he went to Star Prison. He became undying there and became an emperor called Huan Jie Emperor… He was then taught by Huge Axe, and after that, I lost track of him. You can go ask Huge Axe.”

“In the universe of Huge Axe?” Luo Feng nodded. “No wonder I can’t get in contact.

There were two small universes. One of them was the primal universe and the other was Huge Axe universe. Teacher Universe performed the supreme technique “Virtual Universe” that could cover the entire original universe! But it couldn’t get to the Universe Ocean… It couldn’t get to other miniature universes as well. As for the original universe, it was an exception. After all, the primal universe belonged to Teacher Origin.

The virtual universe could only cover the original universe and primal universe. Hong was in the universe of Huge Axe, so he couldn’t contact him.

“He can’t compare with you.” Void Gold Master looked at Luo Feng. “You became a universe master after only a short while.”

Luo Feng smiled.

“Perhaps Universe Boat isn’t the best place for you,” said Void Gold Master. “You’re adventuring in the outer area of Tilted Peak Sector, and even Primal Chaos City Leader won’t go too deep in the inner area of Tilted Peak Sector. He’ll go and rescue you if you run into danger. However, this is a new map, and many great beings will inspect the inner area. If you run into dangers in the outer area, they won’t even be able to make it to rescue you.”

“No worries,” said Luo Feng.

“I know you have the wings that can control the space and time.” Void Gold Master shook his head. “However, if you run into an enemy that has a pinnacle domain type true treasure, you’ll be dangerous. Though you have multiple bodies, your true treasures will be seized. I won’t say much. After all, they’re your true treasures, and you should be responsible for them.”

Shua!

Void Gold Master dove, and Luo Feng stood beside the cliff, speechless.

After a month, 16 universe masters of the Hong Alliance gathered, and they took off. Some of them ventured in the outer area. Some of them entered the inner area.

“The inner area is extremely dangerous. Even I can be killed if I’m not careful enough.” Great beings flew out of the godly palace, and Primal Chaos City Leader alerted Luo Feng. “You need to be at least as powerful as Ice Mountain and Void Gold if you want to go to the inner area. Unless you have super surviving skills, don’t go.”

Luo Feng was speechless. He needed to go to the heavenly pillars to sharpen his willpower. He didn’t even say that he would go to the green keepsake area. Primal Chaos City Leader would be furious if he said he was going there.

“Chaos, Luo Feng isn’t stupid,” said Void Gold Master. “He runs into dangers in the outer area sometimes. For the inner area, he will die if he goes. He knows what to do.”

Primal Chaos City Leader frowned. “He’s my disciple.”

Void Gold Master smiled. “He’s one of us humans, and I want the best for him as well.”

“Let’s go!” said Peng Gong Master.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

They teleported and left. Primal Chaos City Leader took a look at Luo Feng and left.

Void Gold Master said, “Be careful. Your teacher and I are in the inner area. We won’t be able to help you.” Then he left.

Some called Luo Feng to come with them.

“No, I’ll act alone.”

Luo Feng teleported and left.

It took him 20 minutes to get to the surface. Based on the maps left by Jie Fanzi and the human race, there were 100 ways to get to the inner area. The great beings of the human race separated, and Luo Feng’s destination was the heavenly demon pillar. He would certainly choose a route with fewer dangers.

“There are 892 dangerous areas in total.”

“Some safe places allow teleportation, and some only allow slow flying. It might take me 500 to 600 years to get to the pillar.

“Move!”

Luo Feng flew to a crack down there. It was a huge crack 280,000 light years long and 92 light years wide. There were vines around it, and lots of ice crystals, too. Luo Feng went into the huge crack.


Chapter 1184: God-Destroying Valley

He just flew in, and at one glance, all he could see was endless, cold darkness. There were only faint traces of refracted rays caused by the ice crystals.

“So cold,” said Luo Feng.

He shot up into the sky and flew at high speed while putting his Golden Kingdom into play.

Hazy golden light spread out instantly, enveloping an area with a radius of 80 light years. However, some areas deep among the ice crystals were impenetrable and thus inexplorable. The 80 light years contained thousands of regions, yet certain regions were anomalous, so the golden light was unable to probe into them. Only the more ordinary regions could be explored more thoroughly. Of course, Luo Feng restrained the amount of power exerted by Golden Kingdom; he only needed enough to maintain its exploratory function.

After flying for a while…

Rip! Pull!

A blade of ice sliced through the void from afar without warning. It swept its way over and seemed as though it would extend to Luo Feng’s location.

“Humph!” Luo Feng put his mind to work, and the original restraint power of Golden Kingdom erupted in an instant.

Hong! Long!

The erupted power crashed into that ice blade, which immediately changed its direction upon receiving such a strong impact. It quickly flew past Luo Feng, sailing above him.

Luo Feng was already traveling at high speed—90 times the speed of light. The deeper he ventured, the more soundless ice blades he came across. As the number increased, the more trouble Luo Feng felt was brewing.

“Blazing Flames Ocean!” Luo Feng put his mind to work to activate Flame Sand Cup.

Hong! Long!

Dazzling golden flames spread out instantly, but the power of Blazing Flames Ocean was a far cry from that of Golden Kingdom! Even as a supplementation, it did not bring about much improvement in Luo Feng’s situation.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Countless ice blades sliced across the length of the sky, colliding with one another, shattering into countless small ice blades and sweeping directly into Luo Feng’s vicinity. Even if Blazing Flame Ocean and Golden Kingdom were to join forces, the most they could do would be to cause this dense pack of countless ice blades to encounter a slight change in direction. The area covered was too vast, so even a slight change in direction would still affect Luo Feng.

Luo Feng frowned as he put his mind to work.

“Blazing Flames, form my blade.”

Hua!

The core power of the endless flame gathered rapidly. In the blink of an eye, everything had converged into a golden blade that was as long as 100 million kilometers! The golden blade was surrounded by blazing flames… This was certainly one of the ways the blade could be utilized, just like how many domain type true treasures could gather power to restrain and attack enemies. Nine Tiger River was one such example. So was the top-tier domain type true treasure Blade River Luo, which converged its power to form a blade that was comparable to a pinnacle true treasure weapon.

Flame Sand Cup was not good in this aspect, but it was, nonetheless, a top-tier domain type true treasure. Thus, when its power converged, it could still form a top-quality weapon with the power of a top-tier true treasure.

“Break!”

Luo Feng started manipulating the flaming golden blade that was 100 million kilometers long while executing his ultimate technique Golden Light. He manipulated this gigantic blade with his godly power, which was controlled by his powerful willpower and consciousness. After over 1,000 years of honing and sharpening within the space of the wings, Luo Feng’s willpower was now much stronger than when he’d first entered Universe Ocean.

Hua!

Quick like lightning, a beautiful, golden blade-ray was formed with full empowerment of Golden Kingdom. It was certainly comparable to a strike from a top-tier universe master. The gigantic blade-ray hacked into the middle of the sea of countless ice-blades where a violent shock caused the blades in the middle to shatter. Many ice-blades within the region of the explosion collided into one another and shattered into even smaller fragments. Thereafter, they were tossed in random directions. At the core of this entire ice-blade storm, a large cavity of about 10 million kilometers appeared.

Sou!

Luo Feng went through this hole, and in a flash, he had made it through the region of the explosion.

“This is only the first region on my route,” Luo Feng whispered, “and it stretches over a span of 2,100 light years. The only trouble was the ice-blades. The nearer I get to the core, the more ice-blades there are. Every ice-blade was comparable to a full-force strike by an ordinary universe master. If I were to be surrounded and attacked by a large number of ice-blades, I would definitely be in danger of sustaining heavy injuries. And yet, this was not even considered to be a dangerous land.”

There were 892 extremely dangerous lands on his route. Based on a simple categorization of normal, dangerous, and extremely dangerous, he had just entered a region considered to be normal. Firstly, its natural power was not intimidating enough; secondly, Luo Feng could probe into this territory to understand the situation within and could teleport away to avoid any possible danger.

After flying about for three days for a brief experience, Luo Feng started to advance with high efficiency. ,,.

Where he could teleport, he would; if there was a need to use his blazing flame blade over an extremely long distance to create a path for advancing, he would. Even when he needed Star Tower to overcome a problematic situation, he would.

His journey was fraught with danger! Within Luo Feng’s world ring, his Golden Horned Beast body was constantly standing guard within Star Tower. Even if Luo Feng were to suddenly meet with danger and original earthling body was instantly annihilated, at least Golden Horned Beast hiding within Star Tower would be able to pull through the dangerous situation and thus be able to reclaim Luo Feng’s true treasures like his Shi Wu Wings.

In the blink of an eye, 21 years had passed.

Throughout those 21 years, Luo Feng considered himself to have experienced how terrifying the internal domain could truly be. Comparing it with some of the extremely terrifying and dangerous regions, the ice-blades region at the entrance to the internal domain was like a vacation zone. The various dangerous lands thereafter were inescapable. Techniques such as Golden Kingdom and Blazing Flames Blade proved useless when he tried to use them to save himself. He was forced to use Star Tower—which he did—in more than a couple dozen occasions to defend himself against the terrifying dangers.

Wandering about the internal domain, having a palace true treasure was a must, Luo Feng thought. Even to the extent of a top-tier palace type true treasure.

When it came to top-tier palace type true treasures, even universe supreme masters would not be able to cause damage to them. Palace type true treasures of this level were sturdy enough to tide through many kinds of dangers.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Huge, jade green ropes could be seen flying out of that endless black ocean toward Luo Feng. This black ocean was a nightmarish area, but Luo Feng was extremely at ease. Relying on Golden Kingdom, he could accurately locate certain safe grounds and teleport instantly when needed. Within this black ocean, he had teleported repeatedly like flashes of lightning, occasionally depending on Golden Kingdom to suppress those huge ropes…

At the border of the black ocean was a vast, black, rocky land. The sky above this land was filled with molten lava. This suspended lava ocean often fell. At the same time, a large quantity of strange, huge, blazing rocks would rain from the lava ocean and crash onto the land beneath.

“The black ocean zone ahead is a breeze. But such relaxing days are hard to come by… The land beneath is the real trouble.”

Luo Feng stood at the edge of the vast black rocky land, then raised his head to look at the endless lava ocean suspended high up above. This region was named “God-Destroying Valley.” Along the route he had chosen, there were 892 extremely dangerous lands. Their danger levels rated near the top, and the danger level of this valley was enough to be ranked among the top three!

God-Destroying Valley was divided into two parts. The top consisted of the endless lava ocean, and the bottom consisted of the vast, black, rocky land. To break through, one had to proceed between the two. The entire journey was fraught with various dangers.

Whatever danger it was, did not really matter to Luo Feng, as he believed that Golden Kingdom, Blazing Flames Blade, and Star Tower combined could see him through any danger along the way. Yet, the scariest part of God-Destroying Valley was none other than… Molten Lava Devil God!

Molten Lava Devil God was a lofty figure tens of billions of kilometers in height. Its entire body was composed of sturdy rocks and limitless lava, and it had four gigantic arms. It had three eyes and a hideous fang sticking out of its mouth. Its level of intelligence was extremely low. It might even be considered to have no intelligence at all. But its power was incomparably terrifying…

Molten Lava Devil God merely used that massive body of his. He fought the battle with his fists and legs. But his punches and kicks were unbelievably marvelous. When he started to fight and attack, even universe supreme masters who possessed supreme true treasures would have to bow to his superiority and concede defeat! Its body suffered no damage. Up to that very day, no one had been able to injure Molten Lava Devil God.

Once engaged in battle, even a universe supreme master would barely escape from it, and universe masters and others exchanging blows with it were bound for annihilation! Information that Jie Fanzi and the human race had left behind provided introductions about God-Destroying Valley, of which, Jie Fanzi’s information was more detailed. Nonetheless, both had a common consensus—it didn’t matter who it was if Molten Lava Devil God got its hands on them!

If the other party was not a universe supreme master, it would be game over.

Even if I hide inside Star Tower, so long as Molten Lava Devil God has its grasp on me, no matter how Star Tower attempts to take flight, it will not be able to fly away, thought Luo Feng. Star Tower will fall into an eternal predicament… and history has provided evidence that even for great beings hiding in pinnacle palace true treasures, once caught, would soon be annihilated.

Luo Feng sighed inwardly.

How had Molten Lava Devil God been born? No one knew. Many great beings had even guessed that Molten Lava Devil God might be formed from the corpses of an early group of users of the Universe Boat. Was this why, no matter how many universe supreme masters attacked, it was not the least bit damaged? However, everything was purely speculative. The only concrete fact was that Molten Lava Devil God was practically witless but extremely powerful.

Fortunately, it was faithfully territorial, so it would never leave God-Destroying Valley.

Within God-Destroying Valley, there were a total of nine Molten Lava Devil Gods!

A Molten Lava Devil God is tens of billions of kilometers tall, Luo Feng thought, and its reflexes are extremely fast. The moment I fall within ten billion kilometers of it, Star Tower will no longer be able to escape. Even Huge Axe Creator has to hide from it. Nine Molten Lava Devil Gods… I hope I am lucky enough and can hide from them.

God-Destroying Valley occupied an area of tens of thousands of light years. There was a portion of it where space and time seemed to be completely frozen, without even a trace of ripple. There were very few regions that allowed teleportation, and there were many places that were unable to be probed by Golden Light.

“Advance.”

Luo Feng flapped his wings, giving rise to a hazy, golden light that spread its rays over a radius of 80 light years. Thereafter, he flew straight into God-Destroying Valley.

The burning temperature brought a slight frown to Luo Feng’s face. This was enough to annihilate a universe knight.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

From time to time, a large amount of lava would fall from a great height and come crashing to earth. Luo Feng had to be careful when dodging and avoiding the falling lava. It was a common occurrence, and the danger it posed was quite small. The most dangerous obstacles were the huge rocks within the lava ocean that were not melted. These huge rocks fell at high speeds, and the impact they produced when they landed onto solid earth was enough to crush a universe master to death. Yet the fortunate thing about these rocks was that they were, after all, lifeless objects, so avoiding them was possible.

“Break!”

Occupying an area of at least hundreds of millions of kilometers, the golden Blazing Flames Blade suddenly hacked into a falling, gigantic rock that was tens of thousands of kilometers wide, causing the huge rock to fly to one side.

Falling lava and also the occasional falling of large celestial rocks… Luo Feng had to be extremely careful as he advanced.

On the eleventh day after Luo Feng entered God-Destroying Valley, in a certain corner of a territory that he was unable to explore, a head popped out from one of the caves of the black, rocky land. It had sparse, messy, and fiery-red hair. A single roving eye looked at the rapidly advancing silver-winged figure in the air.

“Huh? Someone has the guts to break into God-Destroying Valley? Eh? isn’t that the new universe master from the human race of the primal universe—Silver Wings Horde Leader?”

The face on that head registered a slight frown as it muttered to itself. The human race had announced publicly that Luo Feng would be named “Milky Way Horde Leader,” but in Tilted Peak Sector, Luo Feng had earned his reputation by his silver wings. Thus, the other races had preferred to call him Silver Wings Horde Leader.

“Young fellow, you just became a universe master not too long ago. You have silver wings that can control time and space and are so full of yourself that you dare to try your hand at breaking through the internal region? Especially at God-Destroying Valley? Hehe! Seems like your silver wings will fall into my possession very soon.”

A fiery red figure that looked like a human child flew straight out of the cave in one swift movement.


Chapter 1185: Yin Tuo

It was the eleventh day after Luo Feng had entered God-Destroying Valley, and Luo Feng had become more careful. It was definitely the most dangerous place in Universe Boat, even without that Molten Lava Devil God. He couldn’t afford to be careless in the slightest in God-Destroying Valley.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Lava sometimes dropped from the sky, which made God-Destroying Valley incredibly hot, and the space was twisted. Occasionally, huge rocks also fell from the sky.

“Huh?” Luo Feng frowned. His golden country detected a great being behind him. “Is… is he Yin Tuo from the first universe incarnation era?”

He immediately matched the aura and look of the great being with the database he had.

Yin Tuo: A great being from the Ancestral God School in the first incarnation era. He is a special life form that looks like a child. He is a special life form who wasn’t born in the universe era Luo Feng lives in. He is extremely powerful.

Also, he followed the path of golden beast god. He was proficient in close combat and spiritual force weapons, too. The spiritual force weapon he used was a pinnacle true treasure known as “Golden Sulphone Armor”! He was a top-tier universe master who could rival Ice Mountain Master and Void Gold Master. He was a special life form with a unique godly body, and it was almost impossible to kill him.

The Ancestral God School represented the origin law of the original universe. After one incarnation, the Ancestral God School from the first universe era escaped, and they couldn’t get back to the original universe. Without the help of the universe origin, the advantages the Ancestral God School had were gone. It became a loose alliance. However, Yin Tuo himself was a handful—worse than An Yong Master.

“It’s him?” Luo Feng frowned. “Even Void Gold Master is easier to deal with than him. It’s impossible to kill him.”

Yin Tuo tried to get the control over space and time, yet he was rejected by the dim golden light. Luo Feng’s control over space and time had already surpassed that of universe masters even before going to the wing space, not to mention now.

“Hahaha! Human!” a squeaky voice said. “How dare you come to God-Destroying Valley. This silver true treasure of yours is indeed special, and that golden domain is indeed powerful. I’ll spare your life if you give me those silver wings. Deal?”

Luo Feng sneered. “In your dreams, Yin Tuo!”

Hong!

Through his golden country, a huge rock dropped from the lava ocean behind him. The rock had a diameter of more than 300 million kilometers. It plummeted at a terrifically high speed. That rock could have killed most universe masters if it had a diameter of more than 100 million kilometers, and with Golden Country, the power of the rock surged. It flew toward Yin Tuo.

Hong! Long! Long!

The rock twisted the space, and it plummeted like a streak of light.

“Humph.”

Yin Tuo yelled, and golden fragments burst out of his body. Billions of golden fragments showed up in the sky and surrounded him as if the fragments were connected. Many law threads connected them immediately, and the golden fragments started to merge with each other.

Ka-cha! Chi! Hua!

A ferocious, single-horned golden lizard 100 thousand kilometers long appeared. It was a golden beast god. The single-horned lizard was forceful just like a beast god, and Yin Tuo was staying in the body of the lizard.

“How impressive the technique is!” Luo Feng couldn’t help exclaiming. It was just like a rebirth of a beast god. He couldn’t do that yet.

Hou!

The golden lizard roared, and it raced toward that rock. It didn’t dodge it; instead, it hit the rock like a freight train.

Peng!

The moment they collided, the golden lizard changed its shape, and its tail slashed the rock. The rock was derailed and kept plummeting. The power from the rock also burst outward when it hit the tail.

Hong!

The golden lizard changed its direction and flew toward Luo Feng.

“It borrowed the energy?” Luo Feng was shocked. “No wonder Yin Tuo is unkillable!”

“Human, you’ve angered me!” the golden lizard said.

“Haha! Then you’ll soon be infuriated,” said Luo Feng.

He looked back. The golden lizard lashed his tail and changed its direction easily. It dodged the lava, and it was fully utilizing the power of golden beast god. Luo Feng was thrilled, as it was like watching the rebirth of a beast god.

A joyful thought went across Luo Feng’s mind. I can’t believe I get to fight a beast god now.

Suddenly, a whirlpool was formed in the lava ocean in the distance.

“Lava whirlpool?”

Luo Feng felt intimidated, as lava whirlpools represented one of the most terrifying threats in God-Destroying Valley—one of the seven most terrifying threats under Molten Lava Devil God. The records in the human race were rare. However, Jie Fanzi had detailed records, including some of the circumstances when individuals had been trapped by lava whirlpools. Apparently, Jie Fanzi had adventured in on such whirlpool before.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Horrendous wind was formed, and some of the giant rocks on the ground flew out and started to spin in the sky. They spun faster and faster.

“A lava whirlpool right in front of you!” a voice from the golden lizard said. “It’ll get larger and larger as time passes. It’ll definitely expand faster than you can run away. The space around us was already clotted, and there are no space ripples. Haha! You dare come here! I’ve adventured in this place for hundreds of eras, and it’s like my home. You dare fight me here? Haha…”

“Like your home?” said Luo Feng. “Do you think Molten Lava Devil God will show mercy to you?”

Luo Feng rendered that golden lizard speechless for a while.

“You won’t be able to talk later.”

The lava whirlpool kept spinning, and the whirlpool kept getting larger. It reached Luo Feng instantly.

Hong!

The wind was almighty. If someone was trapped in that wind, it would be like being hit by an elementary universe master every 0.01 seconds! Although attacks from an elementary universe master weren’t that strong, the frequency would be able to at least severely injure a universe masters who didn’t have good defending abilities.

Luo Feng was able to resist it, but it sharply slowed him down.

“Hahaha…” laughed the golden lizard. “I’ve been here for hundreds of eras. Human, you’re dead.”

The golden lizard moved in the wind and kept spinning. At the same time, his tail was lashing, making him move easily in the wind.

Hua!

The golden lizard flew to the surface of the rock.

Ka-cha! Ka-cha!

He extended his hoofs and stuck them into the rock. Then he infused his godly power into it… The rock flew toward Luo Feng. It flew in curves and was suppressed by Luo Feng’s Golden Country, but it was still much faster than Luo Feng.

Hong!

The celestial rock got quicker and quicker, and it was impossible to slow it down. It at dashed Luo Feng.

Luo Feng shook his wing and flew toward another rock. He landed on a rock with a diameter of 300 million kilometers.

“You know how to hide!”

The golden lizard controlled the rock. Luo Feng was on a slightly smaller rock.

Hong!

Hong!

It was billions of times stronger than Mars hitting Earth.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Under that wind, and rocks hit each other, and they all broke down into a multitude of shards. Luo Feng still trembled.

Hua!

A giant golden hoof slashed toward Luo Feng.


Chapter 1186: Unearthed

Shattered rocks were scattered all over in random directions, distorting the surrounding space. That golden hoof drove through many scattered rocks to appear before Luo Feng in a flash.

“Get lost!” Luo Feng’s body made a slight movement.

Hua!

Dazzling silver blade-rays flashed instantly. The four silver wings on Luo Feng’s back expanded suddenly, and the edges of his wings became incredibly sharp… Right away, he executed his blade technique, “Golden Light,” striking hard against the scales of the golden hoof. He was going head-on and confronting the golden hoof with a toughness that matched its own!

Pa!

Silver blades collided with the scales! A loud crash resounded. The golden horned lizard only swayed a tiny bit to the side but was thrown into the air upon colliding with the flying rocks. It was forced to retreat, but it was the same case for Luo Feng, who also retreated due to the impact of collision.

The golden horned lizard roared before it charged towards Luo Feng again. “Good wings! They can be so powerful when used as a blade!”

Luo Feng merely gave an indifferent smile. What a joke.

Since the spirit of his Shi Wu Wings had been born, through the snippets of memories that it had, Luo Feng had gotten to know the true colors of his Shi Wu Wings. Although they had various functions, the most important function was that once used to fight, it was like a battle blade… The other five pairs of wings were only to support the back of the blade; the topmost pair of wings was the blade itself.

That damaged pair of white wings was the blade! Of course, one would be the edge of the blade while the other would be the hilt. But that was not to say that the other wings of Shi Wu were inferior. In terms of tenacity, Shi Wu Wings had an advantage. The pair of white wings was stronger due to its sharpness, but after going through a battle, while the other wings were unharmed, this pair of white wings was damaged.

This sharpness was why the white wings were so important. The edges of Shi Wu Wings were sharp, too, but they were nothing compared to the white wings. Upon transformation by the origin, then undergoing the penetration of the cutting-edge power of the white wings, the resulting power was intense. And if the pair of white wings were to strike a blow alone, the force would be even more intimidating.

Shi Wu Wings were not as powerful. Yet they were still a part of the original wing type true treasure and had absorbed energy from the origin to facilitate its self-restoration process. Therefore, they had also attained the level of a unique object. When used as a standalone blade during battles, it was comparable to a pinnacle true treasure blade!

Clang!

Luo Feng pulled out his blade from behind instantly.

“Yin Tuo, you think I am afraid of you? You are merely an undying fighter. Trampling on you is easy.”

Luo Feng held Absolute Guest Blade. In an instant, he had become a beam of light and was coursing through the countless, shattered rocks flying about haphazardly. Then, with both legs, he stomped hard onto a 10,000-kilometer shattered rock flying about randomly.

Sou!

And he charged directly toward the golden horned lizard.

“What arrogance!” said the golden horned lizard, flying into a fury. Lowering its head, it directed its horn at Luo Feng and charged toward him. Yet he was first greeted by a burning, endless flame…

Blazing Flames Ocean and Golden Kingdom had superimposed!

Hu!

The golden blade-ray lit up. A silver light shone!

Luo Feng’s Absolute Guest and the edge of his left wing executed the Golden Light technique simultaneously. Together with the double empowerment of Blazing Flames Ocean and Golden Kingdom, he rained attacks on the golden horned lizard’s hardy skull; wherever the hits landed, faint cracks of black spaces would appear. The golden horned lizard and Luo Feng were both tossed away by the shocking impact. Along the way, they might even be hit by the shattered rocks flying all over the place at 100 times the speed of light.

“You have to use time and space,” the golden horned lizard roared, “as well as the double empowerment of your domain true treasures before you can break even with me! Obviously, your godly body and techniques are still very weak. I don’t believe you cannot be killed here at God-Destroying Valley!”

“Humph!” Luo Feng took one look at the golden horned lizard. Having fought until then, he had yet to reveal his trump card. Under his control, Golden Kingdom had been consistent with its degree of power outburst within Universe Ocean since entering the region, yet he had never really propelled it to reveal its current limit, which was a truly high degree of power outburst.

Golden Kingdom and Blazing Flames Ocean put together were enough to suppress An Yong Master’s top-tier domain type true treasure. Under normal circumstances, maintaining it at such a level should suffice.

As for its limit, Golden Kingdom—once pushed to its limit—would reach the level of a unique object. Golden Kingdom alone, even if Luo Feng’s godly power was lacking, would still be comparable to a pinnacle domain type true treasure used by a universe master, and it was not just any other universe master of subpar ability like Sky Wolf Master but universe masters of absolute top-tier presences like Primal Chaos City Leader and Star River Master.

If I pushed Golden Kingdom to execute its maximum power, given how strong Shi Wu Wings are, news will spread further, and more great beings will covet it even more, Luo Feng thought. So long as there is no need to, I shall not use this trump card of mine.

Luo Feng was not afraid of revealing it. So what if he needed to do so? Who would be able to snatch it away from him? It was just that one Yin Tuo was not enough to force him to show his ace in the hole.

“Yin Tuo, with that little capability of yours… exchanging blows with you once is enough,” said Luo Feng. “I cannot be bothered wasting my time here with you.”

Luo Feng stood afar, suspended in midair. Then, with one focused look, a gigantic blazing blade of flames emerged from the endless Blazing Flames Ocean. The blazing blade wasted no time in executing its technique and charged toward the golden horned lizard. Luo Feng, on the other hand, turned around and flew away at high speed. He only left behind a part of his consciousness to control the blazing blade in its fight against the golden horned lizard.

Peng! Peng!

Blazing Flames Blade was comparable to a top-tier true treasure. Furthermore, it had the empowerment of Golden Kingdom, putting aside the fact that it was relatively weaker when it came to killing prowess, which was only the level of a third-grade universe master. It might not have been able to destroy the golden horned lizard, but it could, at the very least, create obstruct the golden-horn lizard’s way.

“You human, don’t you dare escape!” the golden horned lizard roared.

Sou!

Luo Feng continued flying off at lightning speed. Behind him, the golden horned lizard was exchanging blows with the blazing flames blade, though it persevered in its relentless chase after him.

“You know you will never be able to catch up with me,” said Luo Feng. “Nor will you be able to do anything to me at all, yet you are still so persistent?”

Luo Feng’s brows furrowed as he gave a slight frown. Looking far ahead, the power of the lava whirlpool was terrifying. The black, rocky land was breaking apart, and many gigantic rocks were revolving at high speed in midair, looking as though they were dancing to a very fast rhythm.

Luo Feng looked on and laughed, “This old fellow! He wanted to bully me, as he thought that I did not know the true secret of the lava whirlpool. He wanted to see me falter there.”

No matter how many times the blazing flames blade struck, the golden horned lizard persevered, relentlessly giving chase.

“Yin Tuo, did you think that… I would not have known about the dangers of the middle region of that lava whirlpool—the Annihilation Whirlwind?” Luo Feng’s voice resonated in the surroundings of the golden horned lizard.

The golden horned lizard was taken aback and became motionless for some time.

How did he know? He—he… impossible! That Annihilation Whirlwind is invisible, and it was at the core of the lava whirlpool, so exploring it is impossible. Ordinary great beings would run and hide from this central region of the lava sea. They would not be so silly as to try breaking through the core. Such highly confidential information! Even the current reincarnation era of my Ancestral God School just learned of it.

Yin Tuo was truly shocked. Originally, I intended to execute my technique right at the moment he when he made a detour about the central core region; then I would stimulate the core of the Annihilation Whirlwind and let it spread its influence over him! Humph! My godly body is massive with a unique gift, and I was barely able to evade that Annihilation Whirlwind; a large portion of universe masters, once they have fallen into that Annihilation Whirlwind, would instantly be strangulated to annihilation. There was no escape at all. Yet he—

Since Luo Feng knew, naturally he would not fall for Yin Tuo’s ploy. Besides, Luo Feng controlled the domain; there was no chance for Yin Tuo to execute his technique to stimulate the Annihilation Whirlwind.

How did he know? This, this… Even among various figures of top powers from the second reincarnation era, very few know of it. And the top power figures from the primal universe do not really explore much of the three most dangerous lands. This classified information… How…?

Yin Tuo was in rage and fury.

It was common knowledge that although universe masters would fight against one another, it was hard to kill one another. However, within the three most dangerous lands, if one’s survival ability was stronger, and if he had more understanding about the lurking dangers, he could make use of the terrifying dangers to arrange the death of his opponent.

“Hahaha…”

Luo Feng was bowling over with laughter. Then he transformed into a streak of light and flew off into the distance.

At this juncture—

A large number of rocks from the middle region of the vast black rocky land, brought about by the lava whirlpool, had been shattered and scattered off in all directions. A deep blue planet ship previously concealed by the many black rocks was revealed. This deep blue planet ship was severely damaged. At that moment, with a fierce and forceful wind blowing, the ship gradually started to take off from the ground. It slowly began to emerge from the vast, rocky land.

“True treasure!” golden horned lizard cried, dashing over right away.

“It is a true treasure!” said Luo Feng.

Even Luo Feng was slightly taken aback and quickly dashed over too. The three most dangerous lands were originally the birthplaces of many true treasures. Even Huge Axe Creator had been able to obtain a supreme true treasure when he was in the Tilted Peak Sector. For Luo Feng, however, although he had been in the Universe Boat for so many years, it was his first time seeing a true treasure. Although it is a damaged true treasure, its aura is still very powerful, thought Luo Feng. The harsh environment of God-Destroying Valley is filled with a variety of dangerous conditions. True treasures that are less powerful have already been shattered; as for this damaged true treasure, judging by its aura, it has to be a top-tier palace type true treasure.

Luo Feng made a speedy judgement. It doesn’t matter if there are slight damages. Sitting Mountain Guest Teacher would be able to restore the damaged parts easily. Even if I allowed it to be swallowed by the white wings to help it in their self-restoration in the future, that would be good, too.

An ordinary true treasure and senior true treasure would never be able to exist within the environment of God-Destroying Valley.

“It’s mine!” Yin Tuo roared.

“Haha! You think it’s yours just because you say so?” Luo Feng said with a sneer. He was the closest to the core region, and he was in control of the domain.

Hua!

The moment the gigantic, deep blue planet shop had been unearthed, a hazy golden light quickly bound it and sent it flying to Luo Feng. Closely following was a trace of godly power that speedily penetrated the deep blue planet ship.

Yin Tuo saw everything that happened and gritted his teeth in anger. “Bastard!”

He was full of hatred. Why had he stayed in God-Destroying Valley for so long? Because this place was one of the most dangerous lands, and the more dangerous a land, the stronger the true treasures that would appear! He was not strong enough to make it into the core region, so he had stayed in God-Destroying Valley for a long time… awaiting his chance. He was also aware that once the lava whirlpool wreaked havoc within God-Destroying Valley, a true treasure would appear, but he had not expected it to be so coincidental—to be born at this moment.

“Hahaha… A top-tier flying type true treasure!” said Luo Feng. “Although damaged, it is still rewarding enough. What an accidental surprise. This Yin Tuo must really be my lucky star.”

Luo Feng manipulated the deep blue planet ship, bringing it to himself.

On the other side of the lava whirlpool, two other figures suddenly came out of a deep cave, transformed into two streaks of light, and speedily flew toward the lava whirlpool. They were a pair from the Divine Eye clan.

“The lava whirlpool has appeared and is stirring up countless shattered rocks,” said the first one. “There may be true treasures appearing. Look! That deep blue planet ship is a true treasure!”

“Five Chaos Master, look! There is a golden horned lizard… Oh, it must be Yin Tuo. Just Yin Tuo… Not much of a threat to Five Chaos.”

“Huh? There is someone else?”

These two great beings of the Divine Eye clan had also stayed in God-Destroying Valley for a long time, so when they had sensed that the lava whirlpool was emerging, they too, had arrived shortly; they also quickly realized that closest one to the deep blue planet ship was a living soul—a human.

“Golden light? Silver wings? That must be Silver Wings Horde Leader!”


Chapter 1187: Nobody Can Go!

“Yes, it’s Silver Wings Horde Leader.”

“Five Chaos Master, that Silver Wings Horde Leader is extremely weak, and the only edge he has is that wing true treasure. How dare he come to God-Destroying Valley?”

“He’s walking to his own death, so he can’t blame anyone.”

The great beings of the Divine Eye clan immediately identified that famous human being from the original universe. They were powerful enough to be in God-Destroying Valley. Besides, the Divine Eye clan was the most powerful pinnacle race in the first universe era, which made them much stronger than the loosely knit Ancestral God School.

Luo Feng also identified the two great beings of Divine Eye clan. Who were they? It was Five Chaos Master and Ultimate Arrow Master.

Ultimate Arrow Master was at Ice Mountain Master’s level, and he had a pinnacle domain type true treasure. He was proficient in arrows, which was rare even in Universe Ocean. As for Five Chaos Master, he was at a completely different level. He could rival Primal Chaos City Leader, and he had pinnacle domain type and pinnacle palace type true treasure.

I have met another two great beings of the Divine Eye clan, thought Luo Feng. I can deal with that Ultimate Arrow Master as he’s at the same level with Yin Tuo. That Five Chaos Master is a handful. Luo Feng’s expressions changed. Besides, I heard that he follows five beast god paths, space and gold, space and wood, space and water, space and fire, and space and mud. He can even rival my teacher. Damn it, why am I so unlucky? I have met three universe masters in Universe Boat, Five Chaos Master included.

Luo Feng knew that there were many caves under the black, rocky ground, and there were endless mazes. It was much safer within the mazes, as teleportation was allowed in that labyrinth. As long as one could find a safe route, he could change directions easily and dodge Molten Lava Devil God.

The Divine Eye clan and the Ancestral God School from the first universe incarnation era both devoted plenty of time and energy to studying the mazes, so they knew some safe routes. However, the map left by Jie Fanzi didn’t include the safe routes. After all, Jie Fanzi was a lone universe supreme master. For one thing, he was so powerful that he didn’t want to go into the mazes, and he also didn’t have the time or energy for that. Jie Fanzi spent more time in the core area, as the inner area didn’t deserve his time and energy.

“Hahaha… Isn’t this Yin Tuo?” Ultimate Arrow Master laughed. “Yin Tuo, you’re a famous great being in our first universe era, and you failed to seize a true treasure from this human nobody? I think you might as well just die.”

“Useless,” Five Chaos Master snorted.

Water ripples appeared, extinguishing the flames from Luo Feng. Churning water ripples were formed centered around Five Chaos Master, and their voices were transmitted through the water ripples.

The golden horned lizard grew infuriated. “Ultimate Arrow, Five Chaos, then prove that you’re strong by seizing true treasures from that human. Get nothing and be defeated instead.”

“We’re not as incapable as you,” Ultimate Arrow Master said with a sneer.

Luo Feng looked at everything. The great beings from the first incarnation eras were all mad because they were facing true death, and there were lots of inter-power struggles in the first years.

As for Luo Feng, he concentrated on Five Chaos Master, as he was a handful.

Only the original universe could breed small universes and universe supreme masters. Once an incarnation was over, those universe masters from the previous incarnation eras could never become universe supreme masters, which was why universe masters like Five Chaos Master could never make a breakthrough.

He has a pinnacle domain type true treasure “Water Ripple Prison,” thought Luo Feng. However, it’s only a mediocre pinnacle domain type true treasure.

Even though Water Ripple Prison was only mediocre, Five Chaos Master was able to make the best use of it. He wouldn’t be able to resist it unless he fully utilized Golden Country.

Sou!

That broken spaceship shrank to the size of a fist and flew to Luo Feng’s palm.

“Brat, give me the spaceship true treasure and your wing true treasure, and I’ll spare your life,” yelled Ultimate Arrow Master. “We’re not Yin Tuo, and we both have pinnacle domain type true treasures. Either one of us is able to suppress the time and space controlled by your wing true treasure. Without the help of space and time, you might die today.”

“Just give us the true treasures so you won’t suffer greater losses,” Five Chaos Master said, staring at Luo Feng indifferently.

“Hahaha…” Luo Feng guffawed. “Like what Yin Tuo said, everyone can bluff. But nobody knows what will happen in the end.”

“Humph!” Five Chaos Master snorted.

Hong! Long!

The endless Water Ripple Prison started to move, and the energies became gigantic heavenly pillars. Suddenly, a giant palm appeared. There were five fingers on the palm. The palm was 10 billion kilometers long, and the five fingers were golden, turquoise, blue, red, and yellow, respectively; five beast god paths were contained in them.

“Then die!” Five Chaos Master said indifferently.

The palm slapped toward Luo Feng.

Luo Feng looked up.

Gosh…!

That gigantic palm 10 billion kilometers tall… It blocked everything above, and the five fingers were like heavenly pillars. That palm was more terrifying than those rocks, and the move made Luo Feng realize how terrifying the beings at Primal Chaos City Leader’s level were. If it weren’t for Golden Country, Five Chaos Master could kill him with one move.

“Hehe.” Ultimate Arrow Master smirked. “We’ve given him a chance. Sadly, he didn’t treasure it.”

“Without that golden light, this Luo Feng is just weak.” The golden horned lizard shook his head. “He’s helpless now. Even if he hides in a palace type true treasure, he will be caught by Five Chaos, and he’ll still be miserable.”

Weng!

Suddenly, Water Ripple Prison trembled, and traces of gold tore the ripples apart, driving out all the ripples. An area of tens of square light years was engulfed in Golden Country, and Water Ripple Prison completely disappeared.

The palm completely disappeared immediately following Water Ripple Prison.

“What!” The golden horned lizard was shocked.

“Impossible!” Ultimate Arrow Master couldn’t help shouting.

Though Water Ripple Prison wasn’t one of the best pinnacle domain type true treasures, it was still a pinnacle one—and it was used by Five Chaos Master!

Five Chaos Master squinted the first time, and he gazed at the wing of Luo Feng with greed. “Great wing!” the voice of Five Chaos Master rumbled. “Give me the wing. This is your last chance.”

Luo Feng’s eyes turned red completely. “Just fight.”

Damn it. He didn’t want too much trouble, which was why he didn’t fully utilize Shi Wu Wing even though Shi Wu Wing had completely changed. However, he was facing the terrifying Five Chaos Master, so he had no choice! Perhaps he would attract lots of other great beings, but he wasn’t afraid of anyone. He just didn’t want any trouble.

“Young one, you’re indeed confident,” Five Chaos Master’s voice rumbled. “Sadly, the consequence is to die earlier.”

Five Chaos Master dashed at Luo Feng almost 100 times faster than light. After a short conversation, he was less than three billion kilometers away from Luo Feng, and that single-eye phantom became larger.

Weng!

The single-eyed phantom started to gleam. The sky and land abruptly changed.

Hong! Long!

The world changed. Luo Feng and the golden horned lizard were trapped in a whole new world, and the giant eye floating in the sky looked down upon the land. In this new world, there were five different colors, including gold and turquoise.

As for Luo Feng, he was maintaining Golden Country, and he triggered the flame ocean.

“Five Chaos Sector! Water Ripple Prison! Destroy!”

The noise resounded in that world, and the five-colored light and the water ripples merged together.

Hong! Long! Long!

Golden Country was annihilated, and the five-colored light was combined, forming five giant fingers that grabbed for Luo Feng.

“No…”

Luo Feng was intimidated. His godly power was weak, so Golden Country was only slightly more powerful than Water Ripple Prison. Water Ripple Prison and this world combined had routed Golden Country.

Luo Feng clenched his teeth. “Up!”

The endless chaos airflow permeated the world, and the micro-universe membrane was attached to the limit of the world. It was a great feat to perform Miniature Universe in Universe Ocean, and with Golden Country, the power surged.

Peng!

The five fingers dissipated again.

“Hit, hit, hit!” Luo Feng manipulated Miniature Universe and Golden Country to hit the world, which consumed the energies in Miniature Universe much more quickly. At the same time, the world was hit by the lava whirlpool.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

The world crumbled! And at the same time, Miniature Universe withered away.

“What a great wing. It can resist both of my moves.” Five Chaos Master stared at Luo Feng in the distance, and suddenly, strange black scales appeared on his body. His right hand became gold. “I’ve fought your teacher with all my power before. I can’t believe I need to use all my power to fight you.”

“All your power?” Luo Feng suddenly smiled weirdly.

“Hmm?” The facial expression of Five Chaos Master changed, and he looked to the sky as if he’d just noticed something.

Suddenly, an incredibly giant arm showed up in the sky. The towering Molten Lava Devil God emerged from the lava ocean.

The golden lizard started to run first. “Molten Lava Devil God!”

“Molten Lava Devil God!” Ultimate Arrow Master grew anxious as well.

“Let’s go!” Five Chaos Master started to run.

It was the horrifying Molten Lava Devil God!

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Endless golden light and flames trapped Five Chaos Master, Ultimate Arrow Master, and the golden horned lizard.

“Go?” Madness flashed in Luo Feng’s eyes. “Nobody is going anywhere!”


Chapter 1188: Extreme Anxiety

Five Chaos Master looked at Molten Lava Devil God—who had appeared from the lava ocean high in the sky—and felt something amiss. He was shocked inwardly, as he knew that trouble was brewing, yet he maintained a calm composure. He knew that based on the distance between Molten Lava Devil God and himself, given his ability, he would have enough time to escape to the tangency point deep within that underground maze to teleport himself away.

The surrounding space was frozen, thus disabling teleportation. Likewise, at the entrance of the underground maze, teleportation was impossible. Only at the deepest area of the cave, waves were gradually showing. One had to reach a tangent position before escape was possible.

“How lucky that human was,” said Five Chaos Master. “If Molten Lava Devil God had not appeared, I would give him a taste of my Five Beasts Great Extermination.”

Five Chaos Master set his standards high. Out of all the new generation universe masters of the primal universe, only the top-notch ones had fought against him. To him, even Star River Master was no threat. Star River Master, a weird, unique life-form, was barely comparable to him in battle.

Only Primal Chaos City Leader was able to earn some of his respect. Primal Chaos City Leader’s human godly body was comparatively smaller, but he was able to go head-on with Five Chaos Master’s Five Beast Great Extermination!

Five Beast Great Extermination was a fusion technique composed of the most powerful techniques of the Five Beast Gods Path! Executed together with his precious and rare true treasure… the power was so great that it was unbelievable. He had spent more one reincarnation era to bring this technique to completion, yet Primal Chaos City Leader was able to fight him all the same. To him, the only one from the primal universe who could hope to become a universe supreme master was none other than Primal Chaos City Leader.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

A few thoughts flashed through his mind. Five Chaos Master was about to turn and make a rapid escape when he suddenly felt an endless, golden, blazing flame in his surroundings, suppressing and squashing him relentlessly. He felt as if countless ropes were binding and tying him up.

“What!” Five Chaos Master turned his head in disbelief as he looked at Luo Feng behind him.

If there were no obstructions, he could escape. Yet with this terrifying obstruction, he had no time at all.

From his Golden Kingdom, Luo Feng’s voice resonated in the ears of Five Chaos Master, Yin Tuo, and Ultimate Arrow Master. “No one leaves!”

“Human Silver Wings Horde Leader, are you out of your mind?” Ultimate Arrow Master had been calm about killing Luo Feng but was now on tenterhooks. It was not worth it—not at the expense of his life. He was not willing to die.

“Silver Wings Horde Leader, I have already given up going after your life!” the golden horned lizard shouted in anxiety. “You should not stop me further. They want to kill you, not me.”

Five Chaos Leader was staring coldly. Apparently, he was extremely furious. “Silver Wings Horde Leader, are you thinking of perishing together?”

“Perishing together?” Luo Feng said. He was flying at lightning speed. “The obstacles you all are facing now are helpful boosters to me. This is my territory. Haha, of course you are the ones to die while I live! Five Chaos Master… I heard you have another body, but I’m afraid even your strongest body would go crazy if you lose this precious and rare true treasure that you have painstakingly spent three reincarnation eras to gather to completion.”

“We die, and you live?” Five Chaos Master’s voice was transmitted to Golden Kingdom. “What arrogance. Once I execute Five Chaos Sector, together with my Water Ripple Prison, I would be able to bring you under complete suppression, unless you execute your Miniature Universe… But even if you did, Five Chaos Sector and Miniature Universe would perish together. Thereafter, I would be sure to execute it again. You and I will be in a standoff; by then, no one will be able to escape. I have lived for close to three reincarnation eras. It is nothing having to see my end, but it’s different for you. How long have you lived so far? Life’s too short, and perishing with me now is simply not worth it.”

“Silver Wings Horde Leader, it is now more important to escape for dear life,” Ultimate Arrow Master added.

“Yes, yes, yes, making it out alive is more important!” said Yin Tuo, filled with anxiety.

“Haha! You have another body, and so do I,” said Luo Feng. “A standoff it shall be. At most… we die together!”

Luo Feng continued to fly at lightning speed.

While description might take some time, when it came to communication with powers at their level, the speed of interactive transmission via godly power was so incredibly fast that it was intimidating. And the speed of Molten Lava Devil God was equally intimidating! Its power had attained an unbelievable level. Even universe supreme masters with supreme true treasures would become flustered and run away the moment they saw him. This was enough to know his might. He was even referred to as a human form supreme true treasure as he had reached the level of “force against technique.” All kinds of laws were meaningless to it, and its speed had reached a limit that far exceeded 100 times light speed. Its speed had exceeded thousands and millions of times the light speed.

Just as he was emerging from within the lava ocean—

Hong!

Both legs landed on the endless, black, rocky land. One stomp of this lofty Molten Lava Devil Monster—a towering figure of 10 million kilometers—was mightier than any other celestial rock by thousands and millions of times.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Endless black rocks from the large surrounding domains were bashed to pieces in an instant.

Pa! Pa! Pa!

A large gully cracked open a distance away. At the same time, a surrounding area of a few billion kilometers meters of the black rocky land had completely sunken down by a few million kilometers. The impact of his single step was so strong that many caves and tunnels of the underground mazes deep beneath the affected land gave way and collapsed.

One, single step… It was as though he had trampled on the hearts and souls of Five Chaos Master, Yin Tuo, and Ultimate Arrow Master. All of them were filled with anxiety!

“Human, you really want to perish together?” Five Chaos Master demanded. His eyes looked murderous. This was his master body for battles, and he had brought along with him various precious true treasures, just like how Luo Feng had Star Tower and Shi Wu Wings with him. It was the same for Five Chaos Master. It would drive him crazy to be annihilated.

“Human, hurry, hurry, hurry!” Ultimate Arrow Master was mad with worry.

Yin Tuo was truly worried. “Silver Wings Horde Leader, I have given up trying to kill you. Why are you insisting of dragging me to doomsday with you?”

Although they were all crazy, the idea of dying at the hands of Molten Lava Devil God was too great an injustice for them.

Instead of heeding their words, Luo Feng jested, “If we all die together, we will have forged a friendship of life and death.”

Five Chaos Master gazed at Molten Lava Devil God in the distance. Actually, Molten Lava Devil God was still very far away. Due to his massive godly body, he could clearly be seen even extremely far away. The distance might have been very far, but with his ability to use “force against technique,” and that speed of his, which exceeded 100 times light speed by thousands and millions of times, Five Chaos Master was burning with anxiety.

Five Chaos Master’s face grew distorted, and his eyes flashed murderous intentions. Through gritted teeth, he said, “Silver Wings Horde Leader, if you continue to fight, we will all perish. And I swear… I, Five Chaos, will come after you and hunt every single body of yours to death. Every body of yours that I see, I will hack to death!”

“I welcome your attacks,” Luo Feng taunted. “The pressure you give me will be a good way for me to hone my skills. With such honing, I will be able to trample on you in the future, and I shall enter the hall of universe supreme masters.”

Ultimate Arrow Master appeared conflicted. This annoying human was still in the mood for jokes in this life-and-death situation! But he was also aware that… for him to be joking at this moment—to even be able to laugh—it meant Luo Feng must have made his decision and would not change his mind further.

“I—I—I do not…” Yin Tuo stammered anxiously.

“You wanted to kill me for my treasure not long ago, isn’t that so?” said Luo Feng. “At this point, you’re still thinking of escaping, but it’s too late.”

Luo Feng threw a glance at the golden horned lizard behind him, and at the same time, he saw the immeasurably towering, gigantic Molten Lava Devil God. It was very far away, yet Luo Feng could still feel a pressure exerted by its towering figure.

“Ah! Ah! Aah!” Five Chaos Master wailed, burning with rage. Oh, how angry and furious he was! This young fellow, whom he had no trouble killing before now, was thinking of dragging him to hell’s gate. He did not want to meet his downfall at the hands of this young upstart, so he had to tolerate him!

“Silver Wings Horde Leader, we should escape together,” he said. “Release the domain’s suppression over me. I swear I will not pursue you, and I will give you a pinnacle true treasure.”

Five Chaos Master was really trying to compromise because time was of the essence. In the distance, Molten Lava Devil God was approaching at lightning speed. Its huge legs were stepping on the endless, black, rocky land, and every step was a step of destruction; his attack was more terrifying than any other universe supreme master.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Gallop, trample—the endless rocky land was trembling.

“Silver Wings Horde Leader!” Five Chaos Master stared at Luo Feng. At this moment, his eyes inevitably betrayed the hint of a plea. For someone so arrogant like him to lower himself… this was not easy for him at all. Yet he was unwilling to give up everything precious that he had spent three reincarnation eras accumulating.

“Hurry! We do not have time to waste!” Ultimate Arrow Master was pleading anxiously. “Silver Wings Horde Leader! Silver Wings Horde Leader!”

“Why didn’t I hurry off earlier when I still could?” lamented Yin Tuo. “I should never have stayed behind to watch the crossfire between Luo Feng and Five Chaos Master. Being a busybody, now I have to pay with my life.”

“Hahaha…” laughed Luo Feng. Earlier, he had been joking and teasing; suddenly, his eyes burned with murderous intent. His face became dark and frightening. “The almighty Five Chaos Master is actually begging. How interesting. Dream on. Previously, I allowed you to trample on me in any way you liked, but did the thought of just letting me go ever occur to you? Now you want to leave? Too late!”

“We did give you chances previously!” Ultimate Arrow Master quickly protested.

“Chances? Those were chances? You told me to leave my palace true treasure and wings true treasure. Then you would spare my life?” Luo Feng sneered. “Very well, Five Chaos Master… You shall hand over ‘Forbidden Temple’ and ‘Extermination Godly Armor.’ Then I will let you go! As for you, Ultimate Arrow Master, you shall hand over ‘Core of Blade Sector,’ and I will let you go. Yin Tuo, you shall hand over ‘Golden Sulphone Armor’! I will spare your life!”

Five Chaos Master, Ultimate Arrow Master, and Yin Tuo went silent— especially Five Chaos Master. Water Ripple Prison was a pinnacle domain true treasure while Forbidden Temple was a pinnacle palace true treasure. Extermination Godly Armor was his life… It was more precious that Water Ripple Prison and Forbidden Temple put together; it was comparable to a unique object.

“Didn’t you all say you gave me chances?” said Luo Feng. “I am now giving you all chances, too. Your chances are here. Take them.” His eyes were filled with jest and indifference.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Molten Lava Devil God’s footwork was extremely fast. Every step could cover at least 10 billion kilometers. He was within eyesight now.

Molten Lava Devil God was becoming bigger and bigger, which made Five Chaos Leader increasingly anxious—so anxious that he was losing his sanity. He wished he could devour Luo Feng bite by bite. He wanted to bite off mouthfuls of Luo Feng’s flesh and bones and suck his blood dry!

This loathsome Luo Feng! Five Chaos Master was raging in his heart.

“Don’t you think of going out of here alive!” Five Chaos Master suddenly roared.

Behind him, a single-eyed shadow released an endless light, inducing a change between the heavens and the earth, which transformed into a world of Five Chaos Sector within an instant. Water Ripple Prison was executed once again. Together with Five Chaos Sector, Luo Feng’s Golden Kingdom and Blazing Flames Ocean were annihilated in an instant. Yet Luo Feng maintained his sickening smile and executed Miniature Universe.

An endless chaotic airflow spread out. On the one hand, there was Five Chaos Sector and Water Ripple Prison. On the other hand, there was Golden Kingdom, Miniature Universe, and Blazing Flames Ocean.

The two were crazily entangled, with Miniature Universe and Five Chaos Sector constantly colliding against one another.

Peng!

Both were shattered into shards and pieces. However, they had been fighting for only a split second. Molten Lava Devil God had progressed to dangerously close by.

Near Molten Lava Devil God, the golden horned lizard said in a voice filled with despair, “It is too late now.”


Chapter 1189: Fight for a Chance to Survive

Luo Feng, Five Chaos Master, and Ultimate Arrow Master all looked at the towering Molten Lava Devil God. They all realized that they didn’t have time anymore, especially after the fight between Luo Feng and Five Chaos Master, which only took one second and crushed both Miniature Universe and Five Chaos Sector, and which blocked the safest route for them.

The safest route was to fly underground and to get into the underground cave… Then they could teleport themselves and leave.

But after one second, it was too late.

Yin Tuo was closest to Molten Lava Devil God. He had become a golden horned lizard by using Golden Sulphone Armor. Luo Feng was the second closest, while Five Chaos Master and Ultimate Arrow Master were the farthest. However, they were all less than ten billion kilometers away from each other. That was only one step for Molten Lava Devil God.

Luo Feng had told them he would let them go if they gave him Water Ripple Prison, Forbidden Temple, Extermination Godly Armor, Core of Blade Sector, and Golden Sulphone Armor. But who was willing to give those up? They were their most important true treasures, and they would fight even if they had the slightest chance.

“Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!” the golden, one-horned lizard was yelling. His body quickly bulged. It was formed by the true treasure Golden Sulphone Armor, and it was turned into a beast god. At the same time, it became larger abruptly under Yin Tuo’s power. It turned into a golden, one-horned lizard 100 million kilometers tall.

“Come in, Ultimate Arrow Master.”

Five Chaos Master turned his hands, and a palace surrounded by lightning showed up. It was the pinnacle flying-palace type true treasure, “Forbidden Palace.”

“Okay,” said Ultimate Arrow Master and went in it without hesitation.

Five Chaos Master glanced at Luo Feng in the distance, then entered the Forbidden Palace.

Luo Feng turned his hands also, and a bloody pyramid showed up. That bloody pyramid was Star Tower.

Inside the tower was Golden Horned Beast body. The Golden Horned Beast had Blood Cloud Pearl. With it, he was able to disguise the godly body, its aura, and the shape of true treasures and armors. He had made Star Tower into the shape of a long shuttle, and now, he changed it into the shape of a pyramid.

It was easier to disguise it as a bloody pyramid.

Sou!

Luo Feng went into the bloody pyramid.

Luo Feng had stalled the others, which had stripped them of their best chances of survival. However, the supreme beings wouldn’t just accept death like that. They would fight for their lives!

All of them were struggling to survive. They fought for the last chance to survive! At the same time…

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

The rocks cracked, and the towering Molten Lava Devil God showed up. There was heated lava all over his body, and his three eyes burned, nearly bursting with mad hostility. Even Luo Feng, Yin Tuo, Five Chaos Master, and Ultimate Arrow Master didn’t dare look him directly in the eye. If they did, the mind attack would lower their power by half. His fangs were bared, and growls emanated from his giant godly body; the space was completely shattered.

“Larger, larger, larger.” The golden horned lizard was already almost a billion kilometers long.

“Die!”

The three eyes of Molten Lava Devil God were on the golden horned lizard in the distance, and a ripple came from his mouth. Though none of them had heard of it before, Luo Feng, Five Chaos Master, and Ultimate Arrow Master all knew what that meant.

Shua!

The right leg of Molten Lava Devil God moved, and unlike before, the right leg moved extremely fast. That leg seemed to be able to destroy a small universe. It was irresistible. The mysteries behind this move were beyond Luo Feng’s imagination.

Peng!

He kicked the giant lizard.

The golden lizard roared in agony and was shattered completely. The fragments of its body flew in all directions, and there were cracks on the fragments. Apparently, that attack was able to damage a top-tier pinnacle spiritual force true treasure weapon.

While the fragments were flying, so did countless drops of water. They rained down on the black ground. The drops of water slipped into the cracks and fell.

“Humph.” Molten Lava Devil God felt that there was still power underneath, so he trod down again. The rocks rumbled. The water was annihilated. Then Molten Lava Devil God raised his head as he noticed the two flying objects in the lava ocean. He could sense the creatures inside the flying objects.

Sou! Sou!

The bloody pyramid (Star Tower) held Luo Feng and the Golden Horned Beast, and inside Forbidden Temple were Five Chaos Master and Ultimate Arrow Master. The two flying objects surged almost at the same time.

Shua! Shua!

Just when Molten Lava Devil God crushed the golden horned lizard with his step, the two flying objects flew into the lava ocean.

“Die!” Molten Lava Devil God had ripples coming out of his throat. He waved his hands and reached toward the lava ocean.

Deep inside the black ground.

One drop had reached a very deep place… There were space ripples.

Shua!

It flew to an area in the distance—a place more than 200 light years away from the battlefield, inside an underground cave deep under the ground. It was an exquisite cave, and a red, child-shaped being appeared in it.

“I came back.” Yin Tuo’s body trembled.

He was a unique life form from the first universe era, and he had gotten the name “Yin Tuo” because he was unique. He didn’t have a gigantic godly body. However, what was special about his body was that it was able to reduce any attacks to 1/10,000th! And with the true treasure armor, it could weaken it to 1/100,000,000th!

How incredible it was! That was why he was called “undying” Yin Tuo!

“No wonder—it’s Molten Lava Devil God!” said Yin Tuo. “One attack damaged my Golden Sulphone Armor, and the second attack annihilated nine-tenths of my godly body. Fortunately, he only trod on the ground instead of attacking me directly. Otherwise, I would be dead already. Besides, Five Chaos Master and Silver Wing Horde Leader attracted him also, so I escaped death.”

Drops of water around Yin Tuo showed up and merged with his body, and his godly body recovered immediately. Those drops of water belonged to his godly body. And they would merge together.

Actually, he had two choices. The first option was to rely on his armor. However, he knew for sure that the armor was only able to weaken the attack to one-tenth at the most. If he didn’t dismantle his godly armor, he would die, which was why he had put back his true treasure armor. Just as the golden, one-horned lizard had crumbled, his godly body had dissipated and was turned into countless drops of water.

When Molten Lava Devil God stomped the second time, though 90 percent of the drops of water disappeared, some of the water was already deep in the cracks. Plus, it belonged to a universe master. Some of it survived.

“I only have 11.2 percent of my godly body left.” Yin Tuo’s eyes glinted. “My Golden Sulphone Armor is also damaged, and it can only wield one-tenth its power. I don’t even know whether I can get it back or not. Damn it! Damn it!”

Yin Tuo was furious. “Silver Wing Horde Leader! Five Chaos Master!” Grudges filled his heart. “That maniac! That human is a maniac! If it weren’t for him, I wouldn’t have suffered this much! And that idiot Five Chaos Master! If he could have killed Luo Feng, I wouldn’t have suffered this much! My Golden Sulphone Armor! My godly body!”

Yin Tuo clenched his teeth. He had suffered huge losses this time.

“I won’t let you guys go this easily… Silver Wing Horde Leader, your silver wing true treasure is impressive, yet you’ve been keeping it as a secret! Perhaps it’s as valuable as Extermination Godly Armor.” Yin Tuo’s eyes glinted fiercely. “You don’t want others to know? I’ll make it known to everyone! And Five Chaos Master! You have so much pride in yourself, but your original body might die! Haha! What a scandal! What a scandal! I’ll let everyone know as well! I’ll make life miserable for both of you.”

Yin Tuo hated their guts.

In the endless Lava Ocean.

Hua!

The giant arm was waving in the lava. And that Forbidden Palace, which looked like a glass ball, was moving forward carefully. Five Chaos Master and Ultimate Master appeared solemn.

“Five Chaos Master,” said Ultimate Arrow Master.

“This is our only chance,” said Five Chaos Master. “I need to go through Lava Ocean. I’ll race to the top of Lava Ocean and arrive at Blazing Flames Lake. The worst we can go through is the seven-level calamities. The first level is Molten Lava Devil God. Now that Molten Lava Devil God has woken up, he won’t come to Lava Ocean. This is the rule.”

Ultimate Arrow Master nodded. From God-Destroying Valley to the endless Lava Ocean, he arrived at another dangerous place: Blazing Flames Lake. This was a path filled with hazards. Only universe supreme masters dared to venture there.

“Seven-level calamities. I have to go through it. I have to.” Five Chaos Master clenched his teeth, and his eyes glinted fiercely. “Human Silver Wing Horde Leader! Silver Wing Horde Leader!” he yelled crazily.

He would never forget that this had all brought on by that crazy human Silver Wing Horde Leader.

Inside the whirlpool center of the lava ocean.

The bloody pyramid was close to the lava whirlpool. Once it entered, it immediately neared the whirlpool and was sucked into the center of the whirlpool.

I can get to another dangerous place, Blazing Water Lake, from God-Destroying Valley, thought Luo Feng. There’s a shortcut to get out of the lava ocean. Based on the records left by Jie Fanzi, there are six calamities to get through. Even if I have Star Tower, I might be trapped in the lava ocean.

“The only way is to enter the center of the lava whirlpool,” said Luo Feng. “The center of the lava whirlpool can affect the space underneath and formed ‘Annihilation Whirlwind.’ The center of the lava ocean is more horrendous. The deeper it is inside, the more powerful the strangling power is, and even pinnacle palace true treasures can be damaged. Supreme palace type true treasures can resist it, and it’ll get faster the deeper it gets. I’ll go to Blazing Water Lake. It’s a path that leads to certain death for others, but this is the safest path for me since I have a supreme palace true treasure.”

Luo Feng’s eyes glinted with expectation. “Although it isn’t my place, it’s worth it!”


Chapter 1190: Blazing Water Lake

The bloody pyramid was sucked into the center of the lava whirlpool kept moving to the depth of the whirlpool.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The deeper it was in the whirlpool, the more terrifying the swallowing, gravitational power was.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Luo Feng and the Golden Horned Beast were both standing in the control room could feel the bloody pyramid (Star Tower) still spinning.

How terrifying! It can definitely rival that wing space, that endless blade storms, Luo Feng thought.

Only in those blade storms would Star Tower fly so out of control. Now, Star Tower wasn’t able to control its own direction, and it completely followed the course of the swallowing, gravitational power.

Speed up! Speed up!

300 times faster than light speed! 500 times faster than light speed! 1,000 times faster than light speed! 2,000 times faster than light speed! 5,000 times faster than light speed! The power in the center of lava whirlpool had made the laws retreat, and the bloody pyramid became a bloody light.

Tong! Tong! Tong!

Luo Feng stayed in the tower as he felt a force like Star Tower being hit by billions of hammers.

“Jie Fanzi was indeed right!” exclaimed Luo Feng. “The center of the whirlpool is indeed the most terrifying place in Lava Ocean. Even pinnacle palace type true treasures will be destroyed… Only supreme palace type true treasures can traverse this path safely.”

He was lucky enough. Even though there were several supreme true treasures. There were different types of supreme true treasures. Five-Color Aurora Lake of the Ancestral God School, the protecting armor true treasure of Virtual-Real Devil Master, the axe true treasure of Huge Axe Founder—none of them were palace type true treasures. There were quite a few supreme true treasures from the three incarnations and the two holy lands. However, there were only a few of each type.

What happened to Five Chaos Master? Did he die? Luo Feng wondered. He also delved into Lava Ocean and tried to seize a chance to survive. He’ll be extremely lucky if he survives.

Five Chaos Master and Ultimate Arrow Master sat in Forbidden Palace, and they weren’t able to speed up at the center of the whirlpool. There were plenty of obstacles in Lava Ocean itself, so it was relatively slow.

“Be careful.”

“Ultimate Arrow, you’ll be in charge of this side, and I’ll be in charge of that side.”

“Okay.”

Five Chaos Master and Ultimate Arrow Master both performed their pinnacle domain type true treasures. However, the lava outside was too terrifyingly powerful, so even pinnacle domain type true treasures were only able to penetrate a small area.

“How long will it take for us to get to Blazing Water Lake?” Ultimate Arrow Master couldn’t help asking.

“Blazing Water Lake? We’re traveling tens of times faster than light speed, so it’ll take a much longer time to go through the entire Lava Ocean! We’ve only traveled less 1/10,000th!” The eyes of Five Chaos Master glinted with madness.

“Less than 1/10,000th?” Ultimate Arrow Master was in despair.

That short moment already intimidated him. The rumor had been false. It was indeed a land of death! If he had traveled alone, he would’ve died.

“Strive!” Five Chaos Master glanced at him fiercely. “Don’t worry! I’m here!”

“Okay! Okay!” said Ultimate Arrow Master anxiously. “Five Chaos Master, I don’t have another body—I only have an original body! You have to withstand it!”

“Of course, I’ll strive! Do you really think I can let my Extermination Godly Armor go? Do you really think I’ll let all my accumulation go?” Five Chaos Master said, glancing at him.

“Okay, okay.” Ultimate Arrow Master nodded.

He tried his best to perform his pinnacle domain type true treasure Core of Blade sector. However, the one with bodies and the one without had completely different mindsets… Besides, those dangers made Ultimate Arrow Master despair. That sense of despair and the fact that he might die anytime drove Ultimate Arrow Master mad. “Humph!” Five Chaos Master devoted all his attention and energies to it. He sometimes controlled Forbidden Palace, sometimes controlled Water Ripple Prison, and sometimes performed his technique using Water Ripple Prison. He had created lots of techniques in the past three incarnation eras, and he performed them one after another based on the situations.

As for Ultimate Arrow? He was useless.

Xiu!

The bloody pyramid kept getting faster at the center of Lava Ocean whirlpool. It was already 100,000 times faster than light speed, and the way it traveled against laws dazzled Luo Feng.

Five minutes and the 33 seconds after it entered Lava Ocean…

Peng!

A trace of bloody light flew out of Lava Ocean, flew across the space, and went into the cold water…

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

It hit the waters at a speed of more than 100,000 times light speed. Each drop of water was heavier than neutrons. The power from that hit could have cracked a top-tier palace type true treasure. Fortunately, they bloody pyramid was Star Tower, and it was able to withstand that power.

It immediately slowed down, and under that resistance and suppression, the speed of the pyramid plummeted. 10,000 times light speed, 1,000 times light speed, 100 times light speed… Besides, he traveled from Lava Ocean, which could immediately annihilate godly bodies of universe masters, from the water that could freeze godly bodies of universe masters to death… The immediate change was luckily borne by Star Tower.

Peng!

One minute and 58 seconds after the bloody pyramid entered the cold waters, it was traveling 100 times faster than light speed. It broke the waves, which sharply slowed down the bloody pyramid. Then it came down and landed out of the sky, floating around several hundred million kilometers above the lakes.

A human flew out of the bloody pyramid and became ten meters tall.

“Wow! Although this path is safe, I don’t know if it’s changed after all those eras.” Luo Feng looked down on the lakes and smiled. “Good. I arrived at another dangerous place: Blazing Water Lake.”

He had dared to do this not only because of the map left by Jie Fanzi, but also because he had Star Tower, which could at least save his life. Even if he ran into some special situations, he found them to be worth it, as he could avenge himself against Five Chaos Master.

“Humph. Five Chaos Master.” Luo Feng looked out over Blazing Water Lake. “That Forbidden Palace can only travel tens of times faster than light. It might take you several days to get through Lava Ocean. All those dangers… Haha! Hope you can make it.”

He indeed felt great after taking vengeance on Five Chaos Master, who could rival his teacher. Only those universe masters with supreme true treasures could surpass Five Chaos Master.

“Blazing Water Lake.”

Luo Feng stopped thinking about that Five Chaos Master, and he started to contemplate a new path. From God-Destroying Valley to Lava Ocean, then arriving at Blazing Water Lake. He needed to slightly alter his path.

“Good. I’ve been through more dangerous places, but those were not as dangerous as God-Destroying Valley.”

Luo Feng looked around at the endless Blazing Water Lake. He saw bubbles bursting on the lake, and there was blue fire on the surface of the water like alcohol burning.

Blazing water, blazing water… It was named such because of the flames.

“Blazing Water Lake…” Information flooded Luo Feng’s mind.

Though Blazing Water Lake was dangerous, it was much safer than God-Destroying Valley.

Though there were hundreds of kinds of danger, they were nothing to universe masters who were adequately prepared. The only “danger” that might be a handful was the so-called Frozen Lake Fire, which would suddenly show up above Blazing Water Lake once in a while.

Frozen Lake Fire was blue fire with lightning inside. It was extremely cold, and even universe supreme masters didn’t dare resist it directly. Frozen Lake Fire was able to destroy even top-tier flying palace type true treasures. It would keep going down, and when it touched Blazing Water Lake, it would freeze the entire lake immediately.

However, it wasn’t dangerous to universe masters. First of all, it moved slowly! It moved tens of times faster than light speed, and universe masters were able to see them from a distance, so they could avoid them easily.

Secondly, lots of areas in the Blazing Water Lake allowed teleportation, except for those areas close to the water. Which was why lots of universe masters ran away when they saw Frozen Lake Fire from a distance. As for some supreme beings, they could hide in pinnacle palace type true treasures, which could withstand Frozen Lake Fire.

That was why Blazing Water Lake was only moderately dangerous in Universe Boat. It was close to God-Destroying Valley where lots of powerful true treasures were born, so Blazing Water Lake could have some advantages because of that too. Some true treasures would show up from the lake. It was safe, and there was a relatively higher chance for true treasures to be born. That was why there would be powers stationed around Blazing Water Lake based on the records of Jia Fanzi.

Shua!

There were space ripples above Blazing Water Lake, and a being showed up.

“I was stationed in this area, and I felt a ripple. Could it be a true treasure?”

A giant man with four faces and sixteen arms appeared. The facial expressions on the four faces were all different.

He glanced around. He immediately sensed another entity.

“There it is! Huh? It looks like a human…”

The great being immediately flew toward the human like a beam of light.


Chapter 1191: Purple Moon Holy Land

Luo Feng was preparing to take flight when he saw, from afar, a golden streak of light flying toward him at high speed. It was different from him. While he had shrunk himself to a mere ten meters in height, this towering figure maintained its size at 1,000 kilometers in height, which was why it was easily spotted at first glance.

“Four faces with 16 arms?” Luo Feng was secretly shocked. “It must be from the Purple Moon Holy Land universe!”

Purple Moon Holy Land was one of the universes of the two Holy Lands. Within Purple Moon Holy Land, the Purple Moon clan dominated over a few other vassal clans that formed the minority. The living spaces of these vassal clans were small, and the resources they received were little. In Purple Moon Holy Land, the vassal clans had little power where the full force of all their powers combined would still be a far cry from that of the Purple Moon clan.

Great beings of the Purple Moon clan had very unique looks. Purple Moon clansmen of the purest bloodline had eight faces with twenty-four arms. The second-purest group would have four faces with 16 arms, and the next would have three faces with eight arms. The most ordinary ones would just have one face with two arms. This also meant that, internally, the Purple Clan Moon was divided into four classes… The ones who had eight faces and twenty-four arms were a rare class, but their bloodline was the purest, and they had the greatest potential.

However, to the weaker ones of the Purple Moon clan, once anyone became a universe master, then there would no longer be a differentiation between high and low class. After all, everyone would be a super great being.

The two holy lands were extremely powerful, but because the holy land universe was a miniature universe, there was no way it could cultivate universe supreme masters. So, for countless years, the great beings of Purple Moon Holy Land who managed to cultivate up to the level of universe masters would have reached their limits. They would never be able to achieve a breakthrough.

“Universe masters from the two holy lands universes are all so extremely strong,” Luo Feng said, astounded. “It is said that every single universe master who ventured out always succeeded in comprehending supreme techniques. There are close to 100 groups of powers in Universe Ocean. Without a doubt, the two holy land universes are the strongest.”

Maybe it would be good to learn a little about the universe era.

For three reincarnation eras, anyone could easily suppress a holy land universe; yet not a single reincarnation era was able to absolutely unite! This was why, out of almost 100 groups of powers, the two holy land universes remained undoubtedly the strongest two powers. Furthermore, they were extremely detached because they did not have to worry about meeting “doomsday.” They could survive for generations of reincarnation eras… This made the great beings of the two holy land universes develop unique characters of their own.

Some were gentle and were willing to make friends with any universe master they saw. Some were ferocious and engaged in crazy and rampant killings. Some strange, with capricious moods that were always changing.

In conclusion, there was no absolute power pressurizing them. Their universe masters did things according to personal preferences, and they were all different. The only common point was—their innate arrogance! Being part of the two holy lands, they looked down on the three reincarnation eras, but more of the high-and-low comparisons were made between the two holy lands.

“It’s him, Sealed Huller Master,” Luo Feng identified quickly.

He was on alert right away. Sealed Huller Master was ranked middle among the few hundred universe masters of the Purple Moon clan. His power would be comparable to both Star River Master and Five Chaos Master.

Actually, it was very normal for him to have such strong powers. This was because any universe masters who emerged from Purple Moon Holy Land would at least be of a top-tier standard—Ice Mountain Master was of that standard! That meant if Ice Mountain Master was placed among the ranks of Purple Moon Holy Land universe, he would be at the bottom of the list. And Luo Feng knew that previously, if he had not had Shi Wu Wings, he would definitely have been at the absolute bottom of the list.

Ice Mountain Master was at the lower level. Primal Chaos City Leader was at the superior level. A universe master with a supreme true treasure would be ranked at the pinnacle level. This was how the holy land universe differentiated their great beings.

Yes, within the holy land universe, there was a handful of universe masters who had supreme true treasures! These were the three different categories of universe masters in a holy land universe. Apparently, in terms of quality, these groups were much stronger than those of the three reincarnation eras.

“That’s right,” Luo Feng said to himself. “After cultivating for umpteen reincarnation eras—after cultivating for tens, or hundreds of reincarnation eras—I think even the dozen universe masters of the human race would be able to attain Sealed Huller Master’s standard. They were not any stronger than us. All they had was the abundance of time to cultivate.”

“You are the human, Silver Wings Horde Leader from the primal universe?” asked a human figure flying over from afar.

“Sealed Huller Master.” Luo Feng suspended in mid-air, high above Blazing Flames lake and flashed a friendly smile.

Sealed Huller Master came to a stop and looked at Luo Feng. His eyes rested on the silver wings as he commented, “I heard your wings treasure was quite good.”

Luo Feng felt a knot in his chest.

He did not leave immediately, as he did not want to incur the wrath of a great being of Purple Moon Holy Land. Given their arrogant nature, a few who were on good terms would gather and attack him. This was a very common occurrence. Although Luo Feng was not afraid, he did not want to offend them, either. After all, Purple Moon Holy Land was much stronger than the Divine Eye clan. In terms of quality and quantity, Purple Moon Holy Land had accumulated more!

“Haha! What is it? Worried that I will snatch your wings true treasure from you?” Sealed Huller Master looked at Luo Feng and let out a snort. “There are so many great beings from Universe Ocean, and many of them own superior true treasures. Would it be possible for me to snatch every one of them? Haha. You should leave. This Blazing Flames Lake is the territory of my Purple Moon Holy Land. You should hurry to leave this place.”

Inwardly, Luo Feng was delighted. “I was only passing by. I will leave at the fastest speed possible.” He smiled.

“That’s best!” Sealed Huller Master replied.

Luo Feng gave a brief smile, transformed into a streak of light, and took flight.

“How rare to be lucky enough to run into Sealed Huller Master of Purple Moon Holy Land. Compared to Yin Tuo and Five Chaos Master, he was much easier to talk to. But that makes sense; since the great beings of the first reincarnation era had to eventually meet their doomsday, the majority of them were crazy.”

Luo Feng continued to fly higher into the sky while maintaining a speed of 100 times light speed. After a while, he started to sense the appearance of space ripples in his surroundings.

“Golden Kingdom!”

Luo Feng first executed Golden Kingdom. Endless hazy, golden light spread outward, enveloping a domain as big as ten light years.

“Finally, I can teleport. Let’s go!”

Shua!

Luo Feng teleported as far as a few light years right away. With Golden Kingdom, every teleportation could only take him as far as a couple of light years, which was why he had never made a one-time, long-distance teleportation with this true treasure before. Although there were many places that allowed teleportation within Blazing Flames Lake, there were still close to 100 dangerous areas. Some of these dangerous regions were frozen without any space ripples. So long as a region did not have any space ripple, and transmission of ripples was cut off on both sides. There would be no way to skip across this particular region and teleport away.

In a single teleportation, he had made it to a distance of over 300 light years away to reach a frozen, lightly-fogged void space. The thin fog was filled with countless streams of light icicles, which were comparable to a full-force strike by an ordinary universe master. Therefore, Luo Feng started flying again.

There was nothing he could do. Even for those as powerful as Huge Axe Creator, taking thousands and millions of years to reach the deepest region of a dangerous land was normal. Based on Luo Feng’s estimation, to cross an area of Blazing Flames Lake for a width spreading over 10,000 light years would take him a month or two, as that was a relatively dangerous place.

As Luo Feng was making progress, advancing within the space of Blazing Flames Lake, a piece of news had started spreading through the first reincarnation era. This piece of news alarmed the many super great beings of the first reincarnation era.

“How is that possible?”

“That Silver Wings Horde Leader, Luo Feng, is merely a young fellow, yet he is that powerful? Causing severe injuries to Yin Tuo and annihilating Five Chaos Master and Ultimate Arrow Master?”

“This news came from Yin Tuo personally, and he is now in hiding so he can recover his power. How can this be untrue? Besides, Five Chaos Master is not dead. He has several bodies.”

“The Silver Wings true treasure executed Golden Space, which was so strong that it could suppress Five Chaos Master’s Water Ripple Prison? The purity level of Luo Feng’s godly level was not as high as Five Chaos Master, so does this mean his wings are extremely powerful?”

“Yes.”

“Yin Tuo also said that the Silver Wings were comparable to Extermination Godly Armor and that it would most likely only be second to a supreme true treasure.”

“Let’s go ask Divine Eye clan, to see if Ultimate Arrow Master and Five Chaos Master were truly annihilated.”

Because of the news Yin Tuo brought, and because it was within the first reincarnation era, which happened to be an era with various means of communication, the Divine Eye clan caught wind of the news soon enough too. However, this was already the third day since Five Chaos Master and Ultimate Arrow Master had entered Lava Ocean.

“What!”

“Saying that Five Chaos and Ultimate Arrow have been annihilated?”

“Quick.”

“Hurry up.”

The Divine Eye clan was anxious. Although they were extremely powerful, Five Chaos Master was the top great being among them all. His position was much higher than An Yong Master.

Soon, on the first miniature universe of Divine Eye clan…

12 figures teleported to the gates of Five Chaos Master’s Black Palace.

“Five Chaos.”

“Five Chaos.”

From the Black Palace, a figure flashed by. It was Five Chaos Master. “Has your master body for battles been annihilated?”

“Annihilated by that Silver Wings Horde Leader?”

The twelve figures, all of which were either other bodies or avatars of universe masters of the Divine Eye Clan, were all highly anxious. Wearing a white, full-length robe, bald, and with a complexion like rocks, Five Chaos Master shouted, “Don’t annoy me. Leave! All of you, go away!”

“Five Chaos…”

They were all in shock. Why was Five Chaos Master so agitated? Could it be that his master body for battles had really been annihilated?

Five Chaos Master got even more furious. He shouted, “My master body for battles has yet to be annihilated but is in a life-and-death situation amidst Lava Ocean, struggling to stay alive. Now my life is hanging by a thread. All my consciousness is focused on that body. Don’t bother me. You will cause me to lose focus.”

“Oh.”

Realization dawned upon them, and they quickly retreated. They did not dare bother him again.

However, simply talking had taken up quite a fair bit of his consciousness. What made the Divine Eye clan angry was… merely half a day after these universe masters went looking for Five Chaos Master for answers in the sixth miniature universe, the avatar of Ultimate Arrow Master was annihilated and vanished into thin air. Before vanishing, he only left one line of utterance: “Kill Silver Wings Horde Leader Luo Feng and avenge me! Kill him!”

Then he was annihilated.

The annihilation of Ultimate Arrow Master and his last words were evidence that Ultimate Arrow Master and Five Chaos Master being in jeopardy was certainly caused by the doings of Silver Wings Horde Leader.

“What should we do? Ultimate Arrow was annihilated! What about Five Chaos?”

“Let’s not ask Five Chaos. Five Chaos needs to go full-force now. He cannot be distracted. If his master body for battles is really annihilated, we will know soon enough. If he is not annihilated yet, then he must be in an extremely dangerous environment now. Let him do his best.”

Within Lava Ocean.

Forbidden Temple was swaying haphazardly while flying at high speed. It was in a ruinous state. There were many scars, the most conspicuous of which were the four holes that bore through the entire Forbidden Temple.

“I must survive. I must make it out of here alive. I must.”

Five Chaos Master was within the badly wrecked Forbidden Temple. He gritted his teeth hard, going crazy beyond help.

“Silver Wings Horde Leader, Luo Feng! Luo Feng! Luo Feng!”


Chapter 1192: Killing

The news spread relatively slowly through Universe Ocean. Comparatively, the news spread most quickly within the races from the first universe era. The information systems of the two holy lands were both extremely powerful, as lots of powers were related to the Purple Moon Holy Land.

On the second day after the Divine Eye clan got the news—which was also the fourth day after Five Chaos Master got out of Lava Ocean—the news spread by Yin Tuo was passed to Purple Moon Holy Land.

Purple Moon Holy Land was extremely prosperous, and there were many great beings. Purple Moon Cliff was a legendary place of the Purple Moon clan, and lots of universe masters from the Purple Moon clan gathered there. The cloud under the purple moon made the entire Purple Moon Cliff look cold. Over 100 beings were there, talking. Their endless lives gave them plenty of leisure time, and it was commonplace for them to just gather and talk for 10,000 years.

“I just learned some news! Big news! Big news!” shouted a silver-clothed woman with three heads and eight arms.

“What sort of big news?”

“Tell us!”

“That Silver Wing Horde Leader Luo Feng from the original universe made Yin Tuo, Five Chaos Master, and Ultimate Arrow Master suffer in God-Destroying Valley when Molten Lava Devil God showed up! Yin Tuo was severely injured while Five Chaos Master and Ultimate Arrow Master were trapped in Lava Ocean. Rumor has it that they died already!”

“What?”

“That Five Chaos Master is extremely powerful! He died?”

Everyone was surprised. Some universe masters who were connected to the first universe era immediately started to inquire of others, and they quickly got some information. With all the information gathered, the story became more complete.

“I just asked a friend of mine from the Divine Eye clan, but he doesn’t know about it. However, the seniors in the Divine Eye clan didn’t refute it.”

“They didn’t refute it?”

“It seems that’s real, then. The news also says the wing true treasure Luo Feng has is more powerful than Water Ripple Prison of Five Chaos Master. Luo Feng’s godly power is weaker than Five Chaos Master’s, yet he can suppress Water Ripple Prison with that wing true treasure, so it seems that the wing true treasure can rival Extermination God Armor of Five Chaos Master and is only inferior to supreme true treasures.”

“That sort of true treasure is special, rare, and powerful.”

“Impressive.”

“Haha! It’ll be a waste for such a true treasure to be kept by that one. Where is Silver Wing Horde Leader? I’ll go get the true treasure now.”

“Count me in. I’ll go with you.”

“That kind of true treasure belongs to someone more powerful.”

The great beings from Purple Moon Holy Land had a variety of temperaments; some of them were peaceful while some were extremely aggressive. After living an eternity without having to worry about death, some universe masters became extreme, wicked, and crazy because they couldn’t become universe supreme masters.

A golden-haired man at a corner of Purple Moon Cliff frowned and whispered, “Luo Feng…”

Shua!

He teleported and left.

All-God Sector of Purple Moon Holy Land.

There were three levels of worlds in Purple Moon Holy Land. The first level was where all the undying fighters lived, and universe knights lived on the second level. Universe masters lived on the third level.

“Seal Huller, Seal Huller!” a golden-haired man shouted in front of a white godly palace with a dome.

There were countless servants outside the godly palace, but none of them dared disturb Seal Huller Master. They knew that it was Pan Ke Master, a friend of their master.

“Why are you here, Pan Ke?” Seal Huller Master asked as he walked out with a smile.

“Let’s talk inside,” said Pan Ke Master.

“Oh?” Seal Huller Master looked confused.

Inside the palace, Seal Huller asked, “What happened?”

“You told me before that you found a human named Luo Feng in the place you’re stationed in, right?” asked Pan Ke Master.

“Yeah. What’s the matter?” asked Seal Huller Master, confused.

“This is what happened. I heard some news in Purple Moon Cliff just now…” After Pan Ke Master told the entire story, his eyes gleamed as he added excitedly, “Seal Huller, Blazing Water Lake belongs to Purple Moon Holy Land, and it’s a small gathering place of our inner domain. There are three universe masters including you and me. It’s a great opportunity. A special true treasure second only to supreme true treasures. It’s invaluable. Once we get that, we can control the space, and with a pinnacle domain type true treasure, we can be invincible in controlling the domain.”

Seal Huller Master was excited.

“Ask anyone,” said Pan Ke Master. “It’s a widely spread news, now. There will be some other universe masters coming to tell you later. We need to hurry. It’s said that Molten Lava Devil God and Luo Feng showed up in Blazing Water Lake. That sounds about right!”

“Okay.” Seal Huller Master nodded.

“It’s a very rare valuable!” Pan Ke Master exclaimed.

“Let’s do it!” said Seal Huller Master. “It’s a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. We need to do it now!”

“Where is Luo Feng?” asked Pan Ke Master.

“It’s only been a few days,” said Seal Huller Master. “He’s still in Blazing Water Lake. Based on where I met him last time and the direction he went, I can venture a guess as to where he is. Tell You Ya to stop him at a set of coordinates! We can encircle him.”

When Luo Feng had gained fame in Tilted Peak Sector, lots of great beings learned about his wing true treasure that could both control space and time and suppress top-tier domain type true treasures. Although that sounded precious, it still couldn’t attract Seal Huller Master.

But things were different now. Even Five Chaos Master, who used a pinnacle domain type true treasure, had been suppressed! And Luo Feng’s godly power was obviously weaker… Which meant that wing true treasure was only second to supreme true treasures! Supreme true treasures were extremely scarce even in Purple Moon Holy Land, and true treasures like Extermination God Armor and that silver wing true treasure were also rare. At least Seal Huller Master didn’t have one.

How could he miss a chance like that?

Inside the first miniature universe of the Divine Eye clan.

Tens of beings were waiting.

“Ultimate Arrow’s already dead. Don’t know what happened to Five Chaos. We’re really anxious that Five Chaos still hasn’t come out of the godly palace.”

“Perhaps the original body of Five Chaos has died, or perhaps he’s still fighting for a chance to live. No one dares to bother him.”

“Just wait and see.”

That Ultimate Arrow Master was only a mediocre universe master, yet Five Chaos Master was one of the leaders of the Divine Eye clan, and his Extermination Godly Armor was renowned. If he died, both the reputation of the race and his valuables would be lost.

There was a space at the crossover of Lava Ocean and Blazing Water Lake. The space was twisted, and extreme cold and heat were combined here.

Hong! Long! Long!

A fierce, strange beast was torn the Lava Ocean and flew out into the space. It had four hoofs, three pairs of wings, and nine tails. At the same time, it had five heads and vines around them. A single-horned lizard. A dragon head surrounded in flames…

Five heads, a lion body, four hoofs, six wings, and nine tails. And there was burning lava on his body.

Hou!

The strange beast made five sounds, deep, high, or hoarse. There was madness and joy in his voice. His body trembled, lava flew out, and the beast immediately shrank. It transformed into strange godly armor, which fell onto a human-shaped being. It was the great being of the Divine Eye clan, Five Chaos Master.

The eyes of Five Chaos Master glinted with madness. There were some scars on the black armor.

“Aaah!” Five Chaos Master yelled with his head raised.

The space and the lake trembled. That roar contained five days’ worth of his craziness, anger, and suppression.

“I came out alive… I came out alive! I survived it!” Five Chaos Master gritted his teeth and clenched his fist. His body trembled. “I haven’t been through something like this for a long time. Silver Wing Horde Leader Luo Feng, you’re indeed impressive. My Forbidden Palace is destroyed. Fortunately, my Extermination Godly Armor can become five beast gods, and five beast gods can rival pinnacle palace type true treasures. Even my Extermination Godly Armor is damaged, though it doesn’t have a huge effect. After all, it is Extermination Godly Armor.”

Five Chaos Master felt anguished. All his power depended on his Extermination Godly Armor, and he performed lots of his techniques through his Extermination Godly Armor to amplify the power.

“I regret it! I regret it so much! I should’ve performed Five Beast Extermination the second I met that Luo Feng!” Five Chaos Master was furious, yet he forgot that he had been very close to Luo Feng, so he wouldn’t have been able to perform that. He was only able to do attacks using Water Ripple Prison.

“I’m still alive!” he said. “I survived it! Luo Feng, I’ll teach you the meaning of regret!”

Five Chaos Master raged. He couldn’t just let something like this go. Otherwise, everyone outside would think he was afraid of Luo Feng. He had to kill Luo Feng himself to brush off this shame.

“Die!” Five Chaos Master waved his hands and took out a spaceship left by Ultimate Arrow Master. It was a top-tier palace type true treasure. Five Chaos Master went into it.

Sou!

The spaceship went into the cold Blazing Water Lake.

A beautiful body with three faces appeared. The three faces were wicked, holy, and blurry, respectively. She wore a black fighting suit. A shining green light followed, and it was a domain type true treasure.

“Seal Huller, Pan Ke, I’ve arrived at the second coordinate, and I hope that Luo Feng is here. I’ve used my domain type true treasure to inspect the area, and it’s him! Seal Huller, you are right! Luo Feng is indeed here.”

Inside the All-God Sector, three of their avatars gathered there.


Chapter 1193: Soaring into the Sky

Hou! Hou! Hou!

The wind howled as though it was insane, and the wind seemed like blades.

“Silver Wings Horde Leader, there is no escape for you no matter how you struggle. It is just a waste of time. I am willing to take some valuables to exchange with you for your wings treasure. Three pinnacle true treasures in exchange for your wings true treasure. Do we have a deal?”

“Sealed Huller Master, don’t you think you are too confident?” said Luo Feng. “Here I am hovering about this cold air region while escaping, and there you are still a distance of at least one light year away from me. Within this cold air region where space is frozen, teleportation is impossible. We can only fly slowly. Just flying here would take you a few days. You want to get me? In your dreams!” Luo Feng sneered.

It had been three days. Three full days of being pursued and hunted down by the universe masters of Purple Moon Holy Land universe. Three days since You Ya Master had turned up and started sabotaging him. He had already anticipated that the situation would get worse.

True enough, it was only a day after You Ya Master started sabotaging him that Pan Ke Master also showed up. A short while ago, Sealed Huller Master also turned up within the area under the influence of his Golden Kingdom, and Sealed Huller Master even attempted to use his pinnacle domain type true treasure to put up a resistance. At least before Golden Kingdom, he could maintain his hold over the domain.

You Ya Master and Pan Ke Master were slightly weaker than Sealed Huller Master in terms of power, thought Luo Feng. The level of their powers is similar to Third Uncle’s. Sealed Huller Master, on the other hand, is comparable to Five Chaos Master. Besides, Sealed Huller Master’s domain true treasure, “Nebula Lamp,” when compared to Five Chaos Master’s Water Ripple Prison, is slightly more powerful.

Luo Feng felt mildly troubled. Now, the situation was terrible.

The three universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land were surrounding him in three directions; when the most powerful one, Sealed Huller Master, got close to him, they could execute a technique similar to Miniature Universe to obstruct him!

Valuables really tempt the human’s heart! People die for wealth— birds die for food! I knew that once Shi Wu Wings were allowed to execute their full powers, they were bound to invite trouble. But news spread way too fast…

Luo Feng’s eyes flashed a hint of insanity. However, Sealed Huller Master and company are too confident. They think they are capable of stopping me? Save it!

You Ya Master, Pan Ke Master, and Sealed Huller Master all knew trouble was brewing.

“Sealed Huller, Pan Ke… Luo Feng has been within that cold air region where space is frozen,” said You Ya Master. “Teleporting is not possible. Although I am the nearest to him, that area of space is under suppression. There is no way I can suppress him back. Pan Ke’s power is weaker. Sealed Huller, your power may be enough… but you are still a full light year away from him! He has Golden Kingdom and can control the distance between the two of you anytime. You advance, he retreats; you take a detour, he follows suit. In the end, you, Sealed Huller, will still be unable to get close to him. The two of us are also at our wits’ end.”

You Ya Master was anxious. The chase had already persisted for three days.

“Sealed Huller, do you have any way of destroying his Golden Space?” Pan Ke Master asked. “He himself is not very strong as an individual, but with the help of Golden Space, You Ya and I are, at times, at a disadvantage.”

“The Golden Space that his wings true treasure gave rise to is very strong,” said Sealed Huller Master. “I can barely resist it… If it was guaranteed to be within my surrounding area, I could; you all are too far from me. Almost one light year away. I cannot spread my influence that far. Furthermore, I am unable to destroy that Golden Space.” Sealed Huller Master was also very helpless. “Now, we just have to hope that he escapes from that cold air region. The moment he makes it out of the cold air region and teleports somewhere else, we can catch up with him speedily.”

“He is not so foolish. He has been within that cold air region for some time. Does it mean we have to continue wasting time and effort here like that?”

“Let’s wait and see.”

Sealed Huller was gritting his teeth while trying his best to contain his anxiety.

Cold air region was a very ordinary area amongst the 100-plus dangerous places within the space of Blazing Flames Lake. To universe masters, it was not even considered dangerous; thus, naming it was on a more casual basis. Only the truly extremely dangerous places were given more unique names.

Cold air region… Its largest diameter was approximately three light years while its smallest diameter was 1.8 light years. At that moment, Luo Feng was encircling this particular cold air region.

“Sealed Huller, I just need to maintain a distance of one light year all the time—there will then be nothing you can do to me,” Luo Feng shouted. His voice was transmitted via the Golden Space over to Sealed Huller Master and company. “I am not a fool. I will not charge out so unwittingly. Even if more of you great beings turn up, no one can do anything to me!”

“Human form Luo Feng, your wings true treasure is not what someone of your level of power should own, even if it did help you to escape from us today,” said Sealed Huller Master. “There will be other adversities that you have yet to learn of now… News about what happened between you, Yin Tuo, Five Chaos Master, and Ultimate Arrow Master has spread. Soon, nearly 100 groups of powers from the entire Universe Ocean will learn of how unique your wings are and the powers they possess. If you are very powerful, all these will mean nothing. No one will dare to try and snatch it from you. But the time that you have become a universe master is still short. Obviously, your power is still weak, so many will come forth to try to snatch them away from you. Now, I am willing to offer three pinnacle true treasures to trade with you. Given the other groups of powers, I’m afraid annihilation is your only path.” Sealed Huller Master persuaded in a gentle tone.

You Ya Master, on the contrary, was shouting angrily. “Human! You are driving us insane with anxiety. If we were to summon a dozen universe masters from our Holy Land Universe, you would have no chance of escape at all. Even if Huge Axe Creator were to make it here before our dozen universe masters, I doubt he would be able to protect you.”

“Exchanging true treasures with us, everyone stands to gain,” Pan Ke Master added.

They were unwilling to summon more universe masters because the moment a group of Purple Moon Holy Land’s universe masters came over, they would have to give them a share to show their gratitude.

“One coaxes while the other coerces,” said Luo Feng. “Haha! You are all so useless! No matter who it is, so long as you want my wings true treasure, let your fist do the talking.” Luo Feng was still not bowing his head to them.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

An endless, hazy golden light and golden, blazing flames superimposed to suppress that beautiful, ever-expanding nebula in a most insane manner. Rings of nebulas expanded outward… This was Sealed Huller Master’s domain type true treasure “Nebula Lamp,” and it was much more precious than Five Chaos Master’s Water Ripple Prison.

These two great domains collided repeatedly, and the collisions affected a range measured in light years, giving rise to a shocking energy wave.

And in turn, this energy wave brought another great being—who was also within the space of Blazing Flames Lake—into the picture.

It had been eight days since Luo Feng had become trapped in the cold air region.

“What patience.” Luo Feng raised his head to look up into the sky. He was waiting for a chance. “If I continue to waste time like this, I may have to wait for fire to start razing this frozen lake… Huh?”

Luo Feng’s face changed. His Golden Kingdom had spread its influence beyond the area occupied by the cold air region, so when Five Chaos Master appeared near the boundary of cold air region, Luo Feng would naturally be aware of it.

“Five Chaos Master!” Luo Feng’s eyes shot a murderous look. With a sneering voice, he transmitted his message: “Five Chaos Master, I can’t believe you are still alive. How fortunate you are. You really earn my admiration!”

His voice was transmitted through Golden Kingdom and reached Five Chaos Master’s ears with a boom.

“Admiration? I admire you, too!” Five Chaos Master growled deeply. “I had not expected you to be able to charge through and survive Lava Ocean. I even thought that this body of yours would have been annihilated.”

“If even you are not annihilated, how can I be? My life is much longer than yours.” Luo Feng snorted.

“Oh, I have lived for nearly three reincarnation eras,” Five Chaos Master snorted in reply. “The way I see it, you will not be able to survive through this reincarnation era. How can your life possibly be longer than mine?”

The short exchange of words between the two was dripping with murderous intentions. They both knew that they wished for one another’s death!

“Just a little bastard.” Five Chaos Master was gritting his teeth inwardly. He had never placed Luo Feng on the same level as himself. He merely thought of him as an upstart.

“Just you alone, and you think of killing me?” said Luo Feng.

Luo Feng did not have a trace of fear. What was there to be afraid of when he had Shi Wu wings and Star Tower in his possession…? Even if it was a universe supreme master before him, he would have no fear.

Hong!

Five Chaos Master transformed into a streak of light and charged toward Luo Feng at high speed. At the same time, countless blade-rays charged toward Golden Kingdom in a frenzy. At this moment, Five Chaos Master was executing Core of Blade Sector, a technique that belonged to the already-annihilated Ultimate Arrow Master, who would have thought that it could sustain and exist until that point in time.

Blade of Core Sector was the only pinnacle domain true treasure that Ultimate Arrow Master was able to take out.

When Ultimate Arrow Master executed this true treasure, the force was not as great compared to Five Chaos Master’s execution of Water Ripple Prison! But that was mainly because Ultimate Arrow Master was personally not as strong… When Five Chaos Master activated Blade of Core Sector to fight against Golden Kingdom and Blazing Flames Ocean, it was still merely at a disadvantageous position.

“Nebula Lamp? It’s Sealed Huller Master,” Five Chaos Master said.

“You are… Ultimate Arrow Master?” Sealed Huller Master asked from the other end.

The two were one light year away from one another. With only Core of Blade Sector and Nebula Lamp in contact, the two could recognize each other’s domain true treasure but were unable to determine one another’s identity.

“I am Five Chaos,” Five Chaos Master replied directly.

“Haha! Five Chaos Master, it seems like you have not been annihilated.”

Sealed Hulled Master was delighted and worried at the same time. He was delighted because by joining forces with Five Chaos Master, he was confident of dealing with Luo Feng; he was angry because when it came to fighting for the wings true treasure, he would have one more opponent to fight.

“I’m not that easily annihilated,” Five Chaos Master coldly retorted. “Even with you all here, I don’t think you will be able to badger him for long. What can you all do to this Luo Feng? If you and I join hands, we surround and block him from two directions. Be it you or me… if one of us can block him, then it is game over for him.”

“Hmm,” Sealed Huller Master said.

“As for the distribution of true treasures, we will talk about it after we finish him off,” Five Chaos Master said

“All right.” Sealed Huller Master said nothing further.

Hong!

Hong!

From two different directions, the two closed in on Luo Feng at lightning speed.

“Haha!” laughed Luo Feng. “Being able to bring two great beings to join forces against me—one from Divine Eye clan of the first reincarnation era and the other from Purple Moon Holy Land universe—is something I should be proud of. But trying to take my wings true treasure? Not enough!”

Luo Feng was laughing out loud, but he wasted no time and soared into the sky right away, screaming past the two great beings and making his way high up.

He understood that if it was only a single great being. He would be able to maintain a far enough distance, but once the two of them joined forces against him, one party would definitely be able to catch up with him.

The longer time dragged on, the smaller leeway he was leaving himself. That was why he needed to execute his plan while it was still early.

“He flew upward.”

“He flew upward.”

He was completely surrounded.

In the vast Universe Ocean, the three reincarnation eras and two Holy Land universes, news spread slowly. News from Yin Tuo reached the two Holy Land universes before it could finally start to gradually spread to the second reincarnation era and the primal universe…

Just when Luo Feng was being hunted down by the four universe masters—including Sealed Huller Master and Five Chaos Master—the news spread to the human race.

Void Gold Master’s eyes widened in shock and disbelief. “What! Where did this news come from? Isn’t Luo Feng at the outer domain of Universe Boat?”


Chapter 1194: Go to Road to Desperation Together

In Hong Alliance City of the virtual universe, inside the main palace, many universe masters were gathered.

“I just heard it from the second universe incarnation era, but I don’t know whether it’s real or not.” Firestone master looked around. “Luo Feng helped me once. If he’s in danger…”

“It must be false,” said Void Gold Master, shaking his head. “Chaos and I went into Universe Boat together, and Chaos told Luo Feng not to get into the inner area. Besides, Luo Feng is relatively weak, and he shouldn’t be able to get into the inner area, not to mention God-Destroying Valley! And he’s certainly not powerful enough to fight Five Chaos Master.”

“Makes sense.”

“Yes.” The universe masters present all nodded.

Five Chaos Master from the first incarnation era was at the same level as Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Don’t panic first,” said Peng Gong Master. “I am related to some universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land. Let me ask them first.” Peng Gong Master smiled, and all of a sudden, all the universe masters looked to Peng Gong Master. Peng Gong Master was very low-key, yet he had a very high status.

Peng Gong Master gradually turned solemn. “I’ve confirmed it.” Peng Gong Master glanced around. “Luo Feng indeed got into the God-Destroying Valley of Universe Boat, and he fought Yin Tuo, Five Chaos Master, and Ultimate Arrow Master. And then Molten Lava Devil God showed up, which injured Yin Tuo like never before, and it forced Ultimate Arrow Master and Five Chaos Master to flee into Lava Ocean. Ultimate Arrow Master died while Five Chaos Master survived. However, he suffered a lot.”

“This…”

“Is this true?”

All the universe masters in the main palace were amazed. Ultimate Arrow died? Yin Tuo was severely injured? And Five Chaos was forced into Lava Ocean?

“Are you sure, Peng Gong?” Void Gold Master couldn’t help asking, as Ultimate Arrow Master was at his level.

“I am.” Peng Gong Master nodded. “I’ll call Chaos here.”

Primal Chaos City Leader was also thrilled when he learned the news. The first thing he did was summon Luo Feng.

“Come here, Luo Feng.”

Luo Feng showed up in the palace and looked around. “Teacher, Peng Gong Master, Void Gold Master, everyone…”

“Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader,” everyone said with respect.

They kind of looked down on Luo Feng, as he was a new universe master. Yet after learning that he had caused Ultimate Arrow Master to die, had severely injured Yin Tuo, and had made Five Chaos Master go through Lava Ocean, they had nothing but respect for Luo Feng.

“Is it true?” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded. “Yin Tuo was kicked twice by Molten Lava Devil God, and his Golden Sulphone Armor might have been broken. As for Yin Tuo himself, he might not have much of his godly body left.”

“As for Ultimate Arrow Master, his Core of Blade Sector fell in the hands of Five Chaos Master. He’s dead now.”

“As for Five Chaos Master, he might have lost dearly going through Lava Ocean.”

Luo Feng told the story directly, yet the universe masters present were all thrilled.

“How about you?” asked Primal Chaos City Leader.

“I can only go through Lava Ocean as well,” said Luo Feng.

Immediately, the universe masters were all worried. Going through Lava Ocean? Does he still want to live?

“I arrived at Blazing Water Lake, yet I’m being chased by Sealed Huller Master, Pan Ke Master, You Ya Master, and that Five Chaos Master…” said Luo Feng. “I’m running for my life, yet teacher summoned me.”

“Four? Sealed Huller Master? Five Chaos Master?” Primal Chaos City Leader held his breath.

Luo Feng nodded.

“What can you do now?” Primal Chaos City Leader frowned. “You’re in Blazing Water Lake, and it’ll take me decades to get there. Huge Axe Creator is in Tilted Peak Sector. Who will go there to rescue you?”

Void Gold Master shook his head. “There’s no time.”

Peng Gong Master frowned.

Luo Feng said directly, “Relax, teacher. That Five Chaos Master won’t stop until he kills me… I might just sacrifice my original body, and I won’t hold back. They’re chasing me, so I can’t be distracted. I’ll go first.”

Luo Feng bowed and disappeared.

“Won’t stop?” Primal Chaos City Leader and Peng Gong Master were quite concerned, yet they couldn’t do anything.

“Impressive.”

As for other universe masters—especially the universe masters from the races other than the human race—were all thrilled. It was already impressive enough for him to indirectly kill Ultimate Arrow Master, and now, he was fighting Five Chaos Master? Even Sealed Huller Master from Purple Moon Holy Land? It was crazy. They normally didn’t dare to mess with Sealed Huller Master and Five Chaos Master.

“Just run, Luo Feng!” Five Chaos Master roared. “Let’s see how far you can run. How am I supposed to adventure in Universe Ocean if I don’t kill you? You’re dead! Dead!”

“Dead!” said Luo Feng. “Stop talking and do something!”

Luo Feng was charging—flying the highest. Pan Ke Master and You Ya Master were closest to him, less than 100 million kilometers beneath him, and with their speed 100 times faster than light speed, they could reach him in several seconds.

Five Chaos Master and Sealed Huller Master were dashing toward him from another direction. They were relatively far away from Luo Feng. Five Chaos Master was 100 billion kilometers away, and Sealed Huller Master was even farther away.

Hua!

The higher it was, the colder it got. Frozen Lake Fire was on the top.

There were flames in the deep of the sky, where Frozen Lake Fire had existed for an eternity. Sometimes, there would be ripples, and they would sometimes hit Blazing Water Lake, which froze the entire Blazing Water Lake.

“It’s Frozen Lake Fire at the top!”

“It’s been several days, and it’s Frozen Lake Fire up there. Why does that Luo Feng keep flying higher? Frozen Lake Fire is extremely cold, and even top-tier palace type true treasures will crack. It seems that he has a pinnacle palace type true treasure.”

Shua!

Luo Feng went into his Crimson Pyramid, and he went into the Frozen Lake Fire in that Crimson Pyramid.

“Come in, You Ya.” Pan Ke Master took out a silver ball where there were complex engravings, and they went into it.

The silver ball went into that Frozen Lake Fire as well.

After a while…

“Went into Frozen Lake Fire? You won’t be able to run away!” The eyes of Five Chaos Master glinted with madness. Then his Extermination Godly Armor was dismantled, and Five Beast God was formed. He was inside Five Beast God and controlling it, and he went into Frozen Lake Fire as well.

After a while, Sealed Huller Master also entered Frozen Lake Fire in a pinnacle palace type true treasure.

Pan Ke Master and You Ya Master were both confused.

“So weird.”

“Luo Feng is slowing down.”

“Indeed, he is. So weird.”

“Sealed Huller, Luo Feng slowed down.”

“Just follow him,” answered Sealed Huller Master. “It’s the Road to Desperation in the front, so he won’t be able to make it.”

Luo Feng slowed down. Pan Ke Master and You Ya Master knew they weren’t able to do anything to Luo Feng, so they slowed down as well. On the contrary, Five Chaos Master and Sealed Huller Master were moving forward at their fastest speed.

Slow and fast. Five Chaos Master got closer and closer to Luo Feng. 60 billion kilometers, 50 billion kilometers, 40 billion kilometers… 10 billion kilometers, 5 billion, 1 billion, 100 million…

“You’re asking for death, Luo Feng. If I don’t kill you, it’ll be a waste.”

Luo Feng slowed down and transmitted his voice through Golden Country. “Five Chaos, how persistent of you to chase me for so long,” said Luo Feng. “Do you know where it is in the front?”

“It’s the Road to Desperation,” answered Five Chaos Master.

“It is,” said Luo Feng. “It’s the Twelve Abysses in front.”

There was Frozen Lake Fire at the top of Blazing Water Lake, and it came from the Twelve Abysses. The Twelve Abysses were twelve endless spaces, six of which were bursting out endless Frozen Lake Fire. As for the other six, they kept swallowing the fire. Hence, they formed a circle. Once the explosive power was stronger than the gravitational power, the Frozen Lake Fire would touch Blazing Water Lake.

The abyss was the Road to Desperation!

For one thing, there weren’t other exits but the abyss. Also, only universe supreme masters could survive it, and even universe masters with supreme true treasures didn’t dare enter.

“Abyss…” said Luo Feng.

He flew to the top, and Frozen Lake Fire formed a huge whirlpool. There was a massive black hole, and Luo Feng was only able to defend against its gravitational power using Star Tower and Golden Country.

“Are you trying to scare me?” said Five Beast God. “Humph! The closer it gets to the abyss, the more powerful the gravitational power will be. And the gravitational power you’re able to withstand is weaker than what I can withstand. You’re dead!” Five Beast God dashed at Luo Feng like a beam of light.

Luo Feng looked up at the abyss, which was a place more terrifying than Lava Ocean. He wouldn’t be able to get out.

“Don’t regret it if you keep following me,” said Luo Feng.

“Haha, you’ll be the one who’ll regret it,” Five Beast God roared, and the claws already hit the Crimson Pyramid.

“I’m not your match, so…” whispered Luo Feng.

Hong! Long!

Miniature Universe was formed. It enveloped Five Chaos Master and Luo Feng. The Miniature Universe wasn’t able to resist that gravitational power whatsoever, and it didn’t even try. It was sucked into that abyss. Miniature Universe crumbled under that swallowing power. Five Chaos Master was struggling, but it was already too late.

“No!” Five Chaos Master was terrified and tried to fly back.

Luo Feng’s voice resounded around Five Chaos Master: “It’s my honor to go to the Road to Desperation with Five Chaos Master.”

Silence.

A silver ball appeared outside the abyss, and after a short while, a palace appeared as well.

“Maniac, maniac!” Pan Ke Master and You Ya Master were both shocked.

That was the Road to Desperation. Even universe masters with supreme true treasures didn’t dare enter it.

“That Silver Wing Horde Leader is so crazy,” said Sealed Huller Master. “He’s crazy with others and also with himself.”

Sealed Huller Master stared at that abyss, and he knew that Five Chaos Master was doomed! He suddenly realized how wrong it was for him to try to seize Luo Feng’s valuables.

“Luckily, he went to Five Chaos instead of me.” Sealed Huller Master felt lucky.


Chapter 1195: Of Course, I Must Go

Deep Abyss and Lava Ocean were different.

Deep Abyss was also known by universe masters as the “road to desperation”! What they meant was, the moment one broke into this region, it would be a road to destruction with no chance of survival. On the contrary, in Lava Ocean, there would still be a glimmer of hope if one was willing to try to fight for a chance for survival!

“Hahaha, hahaha…”

Both Five Beasts God and Crimson Pyramid were sucked into that gloomy and bottomless Deep Abyss.

Five Chaos Master, who had been trying his best to charge his way out just a while ago, broke into crazy laughter. That laughter sounded frightening.

“Good, good, good,” he said. “You have my admiration. I would never have expected this from you, since you have only lived this long! With such precious true treasures, that wings true treasure and palace true treasure… After surviving the ordeal in Lava Ocean, you are now going to charge into Deep Abyss out of your own accord? You are truly determined! Determined to give up everything. But you and I are different. I have lived for close to three reincarnation eras, and my end is nearing. Doomsday is inevitable. At least for great beings like myself. We no longer stand a chance. Only universe supreme masters have a shot for that last chance for survival.”

“This is the reason universe masters of the first reincarnation era were all so insane,” Five Chaos Master continued. “It is because… in the face of doomsday, we are so helpless! All hopes were pinned on the universe supreme masters of the race, for at least one to be able to make it past this reincarnation era. The helplessness that came along with an imminent doomsday drove us all insane. I dared to fight you. I did not expect you to dare to fight me and to drag me— a universe master whose doomsday is drawing so near—together with you into the Deep Abyss!”

Five Chaos Master laughed out loud. “This time, we will certainly die; while you and I both have several bodies, we both have lost our strongest bodies that we send for battles through this round. In the future, we may still have a chance to exchange blows, but no matter how we fight each other in life-and-death battles, after this round, Luo Feng, no matter how much I want to kill you or how much I hate you, do know that I also admire you. You are truly a worthy opponent! I will never, ever, even the slightest bit, underestimate you again…”

A voice was transmitted out from within Crimson Pyramid: “I’m honored. Five Chaos Master has always paid no heed of me. Now, you are finally treating me as a worthy opponent.” Luo Feng seemed quite at ease.

“Haha… Even if I have lost my true treasures like Extermination Godly Armor, my other bodies still have various other pinnacle true treasures,” said Five Chaos Master. “My power will still be on the level of a fifth-grade universe master. It will just be weakened by a mere fraction.” Five Chaos Master snorted. “But if you were to lose that wings true treasure, without this Crimson Palace true treasure, the next time you bump into me, will you be able to defend yourself at all?”

Without the power to resist… Five Chaos Master was already prepared to die a martyr’s death. As a super great being, if there was a chance of survival, no matter how slight, he would naturally fight for survival. But when there was zero chance of survival, he would accept his fate most graciously.

“You do not have to worry yourself about this, Five Chaos Master,” said Luo Feng. “How much time have I spent on cultivation so far? Maybe the next time we meet, my power will have surpassed yours. Even without my wings true treasure, I can defeat you all the same, attacking you until you are forced to beat a hasty retreat.”

“Haha! Confident. You are so confident.”

Deep Abyss was truly frightening.

Be it Crimson Pyramid or Five Beasts God, none had the slightest ability to put up a resistance against Deep Abyss.

“Roar!”

The force sucked at them crazily, pulling Crimson Pyramid and Five Beasts God into the depths at high speed. This was different from the strangulation power of the lava whirlpool of Lava Ocean. This gravitational force was more like a black hole… But this black hole was a zillion times stronger, and the deeper one advanced within it, the stronger the suction force would get.

“Ah, ah, ah!” cried Five Chaos Master. “I cannot sustain Five Beasts God any longer. Haha! Silver Wings Horde Leader Luo Feng, I shall make a move first. We will battle again the next time we meet!”

Five Chaos Master bade his farewell amidst laughter.

Pa! Pa!

The whole of that hideous Five Beasts God was trembling under the suction force as though it would collapse and fall apart any moment. Two pieces of scales were torn off within an instant and sucked into the depths of Deep Abyss. After all, Five Beasts God was just a set of battle techniques that had been pieced together. In terms of defense and attack, it might be comparable to a pinnacle palace true treasure, but in terms of stability, it was slightly inferior to that of a real pinnacle palace true treasure. That was why, as the suction force increased, it would be impossible to maintain the form of Five Beasts God.

Pa, pa, pa, pa, pa!

Following the detachment of the two scales, a large number of scales started falling apart. Countless scales of the Extermination Godly Armor were sucked into the depths of the Deep Abyss.

Five Beasts God had fallen apart, naturally revealing Five Chaos Master inside it.

“Haha!” Five Chaos Master started laughing without inhibitions.

With a great ripping sound, the frightening gravitational force tore apart his entire godly body and sent him straight toward annihilation. He disappeared soundlessly and without a trace; his world ring, space ring and all were completely shattered under the terrifying strength of this force. A plethora of items, materials, true treasures, and other belongings appeared out of nowhere. But the moment they appeared, banging sounds erupted.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

One by one, the true treasures were shattered—annihilated! Ordinary true treasures, senior true treasures, and top-tier true treasures were all torn asunder! Countless materials were wrung and shattered!

The gravitational force at this point was not enough to take apart a pinnacle palace type true treasure, but it was enough to take apart a top-tier palace true treasure; it could also take apart many pinnacle true treasure weapons… Within a moment, some of the important gains of Five Chaos Master that he carried about with him wherever he went were all annihilated. Only Core of the Blade Sector, Water Ripple Prison, Black Pendant, and Extermination Godly Armor were unscathed.

Extermination Godly Armor, in the form of countless scales, was sucked deep within. Core of the Blade Sector, Water Ripple Prison and Black Pendant were all swept into Deep Abyss.

“Five Chaos Master, rest in peace!” said Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was inside Crimson Pyramid, executing Golden Kingdom. Hazy golden light enshrouded his surroundings. He could clearly see the wholly intact Core of the Blade Sector, Water Ripple Prison, and Black Pendant.

“Those that could survive the terrifying gravitational force of Deep Abyss and still stay intact must be precious true treasures.”

Luo Feng tried using Golden Kingdom to bind those valuables to him, but the gravity of Deep Abyss was far stronger than the binding force of Golden Kingdom. The two were on totally different levels; it was impossible for him to control those three items at all.

Hong! Long! Long!

The speed at which Crimson Pyramid, Core of the Blade Sector, Water Ripple Prison, and Black Pendant were traveling at got faster and faster. The countless scales of Extermination Godly Armor were also moving at an unbelievably fast speed.

“That is…!” Luo Feng could vaguely see a huge black object moving in a criss-cross manner beneath him.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Countless scales, Core of the Blade Sector, Water Ripple Prison, and Black Pendant were all ramming into that gigantic black object. The impact could cause a complete change in direction. One by one, the treasures went off in different directions and were all sucked into Deep Abyss.

“Black pendant.” Luo Feng hesitated for a while, then immediately manipulated Star Tower and did his best to move closer to the black pendant.

Peng!

Star Tower also crashed into that black object. Then it rolled and went after the Black Pendant.

In the first miniature universe of the Divine Eye Clan.

“Hahaha… Hahahaha…” Five Chaos Master let out bouts of laughter —such wild laughter. He stood by the railings of his godly palace, looking far ahead, laughing hysterically.

Shua!

Endless light rays gathered in the space before Five Chaos Master to form an old man with a similar single-eyed shadow at his back. The old man strolled over, looked at Five Chaos Master, and with a slow, gentle voice, greeted him. “Five Chaos.”

“First True Master.” Five Chaos gave a slight bow as he greeted him back.

The Divine Eye Clan had seven true masters. Every single one was a universe supreme master! And First True Master… was at the highest position and was most admired.

“My master body for battles has just been annihilated,” Five Chaos Master said. “It was annihilated in the Deep Abyss high up in the sky above Blazing Flames Lake within the ninth level of Deep Abyss.”

“Hmm?” First True Master continued to look at Five Chaos Master.

“Hahaha, I have underestimated Luo Feng,” said Five Chaos Master. “He is a new, strong great being who has a long life ahead of him but narrowly escaped death while trying to break through Lava Ocean. Thereafter, he dared to drag me with him as he charged into Deep Abyss. Ha…! After a hair’s breadth escape from death, normally we would cherish our lives even more. He should value his more than I valued mine. I have failed.” Five Chaos Master smiled.

“What about the true treasures you have lost?” First True Master inquired.

“In Deep Abyss, many of them have definitely been shattered to pieces. The only surviving ones are Black Pendant, Core of the Blade Sector, Water Ripple Prison, and Extermination Godly Armor. Among them, Core of the Blade Sector, and Water Ripple Prison could be expected to be shattered in some other dangerous lands within Deep Abyss. Only Black Pendant—which came from the Universe Boat and possessed power that was second only to Extermination Godly Armor, a supreme true treasure—could be preserved.”

“Hmm. Black Pendant and two great unique true treasures…” First True Master nodded slightly. “Worthy enough for the Divine Eye Clan’s First True Master to take action this time.”

Deep Abyss was the road to desperation. It was only possible for Universe supreme masters to break through.

A short moment later…

Two universe supreme masters, the Divine Eye Clan’s Third True Master and Sixth True Master, took off at the same time and headed for Universe Boat! The target this time was the Black Pendant and two great unique true treasures: Extermination Godly Armor and Silver Wings.

Primal Chaos City Leader sent three consecutive messages to Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng, you are being hunted down by four universe masters including Sealed Huller Master and Five Chaos Master. What is the situation?”

When Luo Feng had fallen into Deep Abyss, he had finally replied to one of the messages.

“Teacher, I have dragged Five Chaos Leader with me into the ninth level of Deep Abyss.”

That was all Luo Feng replied. He did not wish to say that he was still alive because, firstly, he was unable to explain why he was still alive. And secondly, the moment they knew he was alive, the human race would come rushing over to rescue him. He was worried that implicating his human race would bring about more trouble.

Because everything was within his speculations, the moment the news spread about him and Five Chaos Master falling into Deep Abyss, it would attract the attention of many universe supreme masters who would desire to vie for true treasures. If the human race was thinking of saving him… more trouble was bound to arise.

“It’s better for me to settle everything,” Luo Feng said to himself. “To the outside world, just let them think that my original body has been annihilated.”

The moment Primal Chaos City Leader learned the news, he stood outside his palace and observed a moment of silence.

“I hope you will have acquired more resilience through your failure this time. You have the ability to divide your body, and you have just started cultivation. You are bound to make it further and higher in the future.”

That was all Primal Chaos City Leader said. He did not go on further. Actually, from Primal Chaos City Leader’s point of view, if one wanted a unique true treasure like the wings true treasure, the only way was to meet with the right opportunity and luck. Once lost, recovering it would be close to impossible.

One word to describe this situation: arduous!

He was also aware that the growth of a super great being was a self-governing process. It was unaided by nature and was something outsiders would not be able to help with.

“Able to drag Five Chaos to death with him… This disciple of mine is really something. And to think that Five Chaos is actually someone of my caliber.”

Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head, then wasted no time in heading over to where Huge Axe Creator was.

“Huge Axe!”

Primal Chaos City Leader approached, and Huge Axe Creator walked out of the godly palace. He was barefooted, and his hair was a mess. He walked out in this state.

“Primal Chaos City Leader? Why have you come? For Luo Feng? I heard about it, too. It seems he is being hunted down by four universe masters including Sealed Huller Master and Five Chaos Master.”

“He has already entered the ninth level of Deep Abyss with Five Chaos Master,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “There is no way they can survive. Luo Feng’s true treasure and Five Chaos’s true treasures are all in the ninth level of Deep Abyss. It is a rare opportunity. Huge Axe, are you going to make a trip there?”

“Go? Of course I must go,” Huge Axe Creator said.


Chapter 1196: Calm Down

News of the fight between Luo Feng and Five Chaos Master and Ultimate Arrow Master and Yin Tuo had already spread to all three incarnation eras and the two holy lands. However, news now came that Five Chaos Master, who had survived Lava Ocean, had fought Luo Feng again, and they had both died in the abyss above Blazing Water Lake. The news shocked everyone.

“That Silver Wing Horde Leader is so stupid! Why did he fight Five Chaos Master like that? Five Chaos Master is from the first universe era! Those universe masters are all crazy! They’re facing ultimate death. Even if they can survive this time, they’ll still die in the future! How long has he been practicing? He’s that lucky to get the silver wing true treasure, and he’s willing to give it up? Humph! It’ll be extremely difficult for him to get another true treasure like that!”

“That Luo Feng died with Five Chaos, at least.”

“Five Chaos is a moron! If he were a great being from the second incarnation era, he wouldn’t have behaved like that. He should’ve given up after surviving Lava Ocean. He still chased Luo Feng? No wonder he’s from the first incarnation era. He died.”

“Interesting. Both of them have bodies, so they’ll show up again. What else will happen?”

“How will Luo Feng fight Five Chaos Master without that silver wings true treasure?”

“Both of them are dead, which means Extermination Godly Armor and the silver wing are both in the abyss. Haha. I’ll definitely go there.”

“There are twelve abysses in total. Do you even know which one they’re in? If it weren’t for universe supreme masters, they wouldn’t dare go.”

After that fight, Luo Feng was known to the entire Universe Ocean. At least, the three incarnation eras and the two holy lands all knew about Luo Feng, and they didn’t dare look down upon him. After all, Ultimate Arrow Master and Five Chaos Master had been defeated because of him.

“Do you want to go to the abyss, Scorpion? I heard that both Extermination Godly Armor and the wing true treasure are there.”

“I have a supreme true treasure, so I don’t need those. Besides, do you even know which abyss it is? I believe that some universe supreme masters from the Divine Eye clan are rushing there now. Compared to us—lone universe supreme masters—those universe supreme masters backed by their races value the true treasures more! But I don’t give a damn about that Extermination Godly Armor. I am, however, interested in that silver wing true treasure. That should be the first true treasure that can control the space and time aside from supreme true treasures.”

“That’s right.”

“A true treasure that can control space and time. Haha! How special. However, it’s useless to us, universe supreme masters. We make the orders, and once given, they’re strictly enforced. That’s much more powerful than a silver wing true treasure.”

“Okay, then I’ll stay in the core area with you.”

Extermination Godly Armor and the silver wings true treasure indeed attracted lots of universe supreme masters. After all, it was very difficult to get a supreme true treasure in the three Lands of Extremis! Even for Huge Axe Founder, it took him an eternity to get one. As for Extermination Godly Armor and the silver wings true treasure, they were only second to supreme true treasures and were extremely precious.

They were attractive to universe supreme masters.

Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng’s godly palace.

A mind slashed the space and time and arrived at the space and time.

There were countless undying servants and guards in the godly palace. There were also several universe knights like Ganwu Country Master, yet those universe masters didn’t even sense that mind.

“Huh?”

Inside a quiet training room, nine undying servants were guarding it outside.

Inside the quiet training room, Luo Feng’s Remote Ocean body sat with his legs crossed, and a pool was right behind him. The pool was the god country transportation portal, and it was connected to his god country. For all these years, Remote Ocean body would sometimes travel to the Ancestral God School and receive the beast god path inheritance.

Hua!

A powerful inheritance arrived, and a blurry being was formed in front of Luo Feng. It was an elder with two horns: Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Teacher.” Remote Ocean body stood up and gave a salutation.

“Luo Feng.” Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Luo Feng. “I heard something about you, but is it true?”

Luo Feng answered respectfully. “It is true, and I bet it came from Purple Moon Holy Land. I was in Blazing Water Land, and I was hunted by three universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land and Five Chaos Master… I dragged Five Chaos Master into the Ninth Abyss to awe others.”

“You did the right thing!” Sitting Mountain Guest exclaimed. “You have a silver wing true treasure, which attracts other great beings. If they believe you’re weak, they’ll try to seize it. And after this time, some great beings will be intimidated by you.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“You can pretend that your original body has died,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Just hide yourself and train for a time. How’s the path of beast god?”

“I almost completed the sixth level,” said Luo Feng.

“Keep practicing and reach the seventh level as soon as possible,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. And then he whispered with concern, “Remember, you should definitely take risks on the path to great beings, but sometimes, you need to remain low-key. I think the Divine Eye clan might send some universe supreme masters there. Be safe.”

“Sure.” Luo Feng nodded.

Hua!

Sitting Mountain Guest disappeared.

Luo Feng nodded. Sitting Mountain Guest was right. He couldn’t be too crazy, as he might end up killing himself. And it was also important for him to improve his power… Although he was able to create secret techniques, he was still too weak on laws, as he hadn’t even completed the seventh level of the beast god path.

And then Luo Feng smiled.

Although Sitting Mountain Guest was only there to talk, he could sense that Sitting Mountain Guest was concerned. After all, when Luo Feng was still weak, Sitting Mountain Guest could be in control of everything. However, it was Five Chaos Master that Luo Feng was dealing with, and even universe supreme masters from the Divine Eye clan might interfere. Even Sitting Mountain Guest wouldn’t be able to handle it.

Sitting Mountain Guest went to talk to Luo Feng, yet Primal Chaos City Leader never went to him.

At the apex of the Thunder Island in the virtual universe, Long Yan Master held a cup of wine.

“Why don’t you go to see Luo Feng?” asked Long Yan Master.

“No need. He’s not stupid.” Primal Chaos City Leader frowned and poured wine in his cup. “Besides, I can’t help him. He has Remote Ocean body, so his earthling original body can be recovered quickly. However, I haven’t heard from him in a while.”

Long Yan Master held the wine cup and laughed in his heart.

Chaos, he thought, you do care about him, but you just don’t want to say it.

The Ninth Abyss.

Hong! Long! Long!

The black pendant and the small bloody pyramid were flying in the endless abyss.

“It’s been six days since I entered this abyss, but I kept being swallowed by that power,” said Luo Feng. “Some universe supreme masters might come here after learning about it, but it might take years for them to arrive.”

Luo Feng remained calm. He was controlling Crimson Pyramid. It was the same size as the black pendant, so normally, they followed the same gravitational power. Luo Feng was able to control Crimson Pyramid so that he could closely follow the black pendant.

As for grabbing it, his godly power was crushed the moment it went out. The power of Golden Country was nothing compared to that gravitational power, so it couldn’t get the black pendant at all.

“Following that swallowing power, I’ve been through lands of darkness and hit unknown objects. And then I went into the killing area, and both my Star Tower and the black pendant survived. Then I entered the extremely hot place.”

The abyss was extremely dangerous. Even Jie Fanzi didn’t have much recorded about it. Although Jie Fanzi had entered here before, he had only adventured here for a short while, without inspecting it carefully.

For one thing, it was much more difficult to leave the abyss than to enter, and it was extremely dangerous. Also, there weren’t many true treasures born here.

Dangerous without true treasures… It would be a waste of time to inspect it.

“The swallowing power is getting weaker. It’s getting weaker!”

Luo Feng was exhilarated. The gravitational power was the strongest on the fourth day, and then it fluctuated after that. Luo Feng concluded that the gravitational power wouldn’t this strong all the time.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The gravitational power tumbled, and after only a short while, Golden Country was able to resist it.

“Hahaha.”

Luo Feng was overjoyed, and he initiated Golden Country.

The blurry Golden Country enveloped the black object flying in the distance and kept suppressing it to slow it down. It got closer and closer to Star Tower. A hand reached out from Star Tower, grabbed the black object, and put it back in the tower.

“Done.” Luo Feng was joyful.


Chapter 1197: Go to Universe Boat

Luo Feng was holding the black pendant in the bloody pyramid. The material of the black pendant was almost the same as that of the cyan keepsake. There were strange beast sculptures he had never seen before on the keepsake, and there were nine fangs on the strange beast. Its eyes emitted fire as if it were the king of darkness.

“The black pendant represented the black secret space.” Luo Feng nodded as he played with it. “The objects in Universe Boat are indeed mysterious. The gravitational power is able to tear apart pinnacle true treasures, yet this one remains intact.”

Are there valuables in the black space? Luo Feng wondered.

Actually, it was highly likely that there were valuables in the black space, especially valuables from the great beings from the first universe era. They didn’t want their valuables to fall into the hands of those from the second universe era or those from the original universe, so they’d rather keep them in the secret space and hide the keepsakes.

Of course, some great beings would destroy the valuables outright. Different great beings had different ideas.

I wish that Five Chaos Master left some valuables in the secret space, Luo Feng thought. However, that secret space is a land of valuables.

Black keepsakes, cyan keepsakes, and silver keepsakes—each of them represented three individual spaces. The secret space itself was very special. Luo Feng’s original plan was to go to the Black-Striped Stone Pillar to sharpen his willpower, which was why he closely followed that black keepsake.

“After such a long time being hit by gravitational power without being protected by godly power, the life imprints in the black keepsake are already very weak.”

Luo Feng tried to make it recognize him as its master. The godly power went in, and it found that the life imprint inside was already very weak. After trying several times, the life imprint left by Five Chaos Master was gone.

The black keepsake would belong to Luo Feng once his life imprint was infused.

Hong!

The bloody pyramid landed on the green water layer. The green water was extremely cold and could rival Frozen Lake Fire.

“If I got trapped in the abyss, it would be very difficult for me to get out. I need to carefully inspect this abyss first. The map left by Jie Fanzi only has a very brief record of this abyss.”

Dimming golden light started to permeate on the green water.

It was deep, enormous, and complex. Jie Fanzi had only been here for a while, so perhaps he didn’t even record one-millionth of this abyss.

“I need to depend on myself in this abyss.” Luo Feng started to inspect his area carefully. After all, he would reside here for a while.

Chaos airflow permeated everywhere in Universe Ocean.

Two beings were teleporting time and time again. The forces from them were both pretty ordinary; however, every universe master in Universe Ocean would be able to identify them. After all, all the universe masters adventuring Universe Ocean would be notified that some beings must not be messed with.

These two could definitely not be messed with. They were the third true master and the sixth true master from Divine Eye clan. The sole-eye phantoms behind them had already disappeared, which made them look like ordinary human beings.

“Five Chaos suffered a great loss this time, and those other races laughed at us of the Divine Eye clan. Humph! This time, we’ll show the power of our Divine Eye clan together. Even the two holy lands don’t dare to mess with us, yet that human from the original universe dared to.”

Indeed. The two holy universes didn’t want to mess with the Divine Eye clan. The Divine Eye clan was indeed extremely powerful, as there were lots of universe masters. Of course, it was nothing compared to the two holy lands. However, there were seven universe supreme masters topping the two holy lands. Universe supreme masters wouldn’t be bred in the holy universes.

Besides, the small universes of the surviving universe supreme masters from the holy lands were already annihilated. Even though they were still alive, their power was significantly weaker after the miniature universes were annihilated.

Which meant the two holy lands were indeed intimidated by the Divine Eye clan.

“The end is coming,” a green-eyed man said. “We have to take our last chance, and anyone who dares to mess with us will be punished. Luo Feng fell into the abyss with that Five Chaos, so the silver-winged true treasure and Extermination Godly Armor are in the abyss. Some universe supreme masters will go—even that Huge Axe from the human race.”

“Yeah, it’s possible.”

“Huge Axe is young. Although he’s powerful, he doesn’t have a supreme true treasure, so he isn’t our match. We have seven universe supreme masters, and we obtained ancient techniques from the three Lands of Extremis. Perhaps only Teacher Origin can suppress us. As for the others, we don’t need to be afraid. We will punish any universe supreme master who comes this time, especially Huge Axe.”

“Yes.”

“We’ve arrived.”

Sou! Sou!

The seemingly ordinary beings arrived at Universe Boat.

Universe Ocean, the inner area of Titled Peak Sector.

The waterfall covered everything, and there were giant rocks flying in it.

Hong!

A shining axe appeared.

The giant axe was more than 90,000 kilometers long, and the head was enormous. There were ancient engraving sculptures on the haft. The engravings were mysterious, which made the huge axe gleam… It tore the space around it apart. The waterfall bounced back, and the huge rocks were cracked. All the laws retreated!

“Break!”

Hong!

The space in front of it was clotted, and, hence teleportation was impossible. However, the huge axe resisted all the laws, and it kept getting faster and faster. 100 times faster than light speed, 10,000 times faster than light speed… The speed kept surging, and after only several minutes, it made its way through this clotted area.

Then it teleported and disappeared.

Huge Axe Creator finally made his way out of Tilted Peak Sector after lots of godly power, teleportation, and rapid movement.

“Finally.”

A huge, barefoot man was standing in the space right outside Tilted Peak Sector, watching the endless space in front of him. “The Divine Eye clan is from the first universe era, so they’ll act crazily, as they’re facing the life limit. Besides, they’re very proud of themselves and even look down upon the two holy lands. They’ll seize this chance to show their power. Haha, Teacher Origin roamed Universe Ocean, and no universe supreme masters dare to be reckless in front of him. I’ll take Teacher Origin as an example. With this huge axe, I’ll be able to show my power. Divine Eye clan, I’ll start with you.”

The barefoot huge man was furious and confident.

Hong!

With one teleportation after another, he soon left Tilted Peak Sector and started to head off to Universe Boat.

In the depths of the ninth abyss.

The bloody pyramid was flying slowly, and it inspected the area around it using Golden Country. There were quite a few special areas in the abyss, and 99 percent of the areas could not be inspected by Luo Feng.

“No wonder the map left by Jie Fanzi is so brief. I can only use my eyes for inspection.”

Luo Feng looked out from the bloody pyramid. Star Tower was a supreme true treasure, so it couldn’t block Luo Feng’s sight. He used the most primitive way to inspect the surroundings.

One day passed.

“The abyss is indeed very dangerous,” said Luo Feng. “Top-tier palace type true treasures won’t be able to survive more than five minutes, and even pinnacle palace type true treasures won’t survive more than a day. Luckily, I have Star Tower.”

Luo Feng was terrified by how dangerous the abyss was. He could run into places as dangerous as Lava Ocean, and the only difference from God-Destroying Stream was that there weren’t being like Molten Lava Devil God who would attack people.

“It’s so dangerous, but there isn’t a single true treasure born. This doesn’t make sense. Normally, the more dangerous a place is, the more likely that powerful true treasures will be born, yet it’s completely the opposite here.”

Luo Feng was confused. There were great beings from universe eras who came here for inspection. Yet they all proved that there weren’t true treasures born in the abyss. Even if there were, they were left by dead great beings.

Hu!

Star Tower kept flying. It found different dangerous areas, yet it failed to find any valuables.

“Huh?” Luo Feng frowned. He wasn’t blocked by Star Tower, and he saw a black object.

“Go there.” Luo Feng controlled Star Tower and flew there. It kept getting closer and closer. That black object looked like a black scale —a black scale from Extermination Godly Armor.

“Is it…?” Luo Feng looked excited.

Star Tower flew into the windy area.

Endless golden light permeated. Even though it was disturbed, it could still attack or bound, and it grabbed the black scale immediately. After a while, it took the black scale back in Star Tower.

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “It’s a scale from Extermination Godly Armor! I’ve found one! So the others are close!”


Chapter 1198: Extermination Godly Armor

Luo Feng held onto the black scale, which was around the size of a wash basin. He felt a slight coldness while holding onto it, and even though he was looking at the physical object, he felt that that black scale had an intimidating aura.

“Extermination Godly Armor’s name rings far and wide. However, it had always been in Five Chaos Master’s possession and has never been owned by any other great beings. So, all the said true uniqueness of Extermination Godly Armor spreading within the Universe Ocean are merely rumors. But the unanimous fact agreed upon by all, including the various universe supreme masters, is that its powers are only second to that of a supreme true treasure.”

Luo Feng could still remember the scene where Five Chaos Master transformed into Five Beasts God. Extermination Godly Armor was certainly the best fit for him.

“A true treasure of this grade is more precious and rarer than a strange object. Strange objects may be formidable, but they do not have any secret engravings to stimulate them. No one knows the actual powers of Extermination Godly Armor, nor do they know its true name.” Luo Feng looked at the black scale before him. His heart was on fire! “I must get hold of Extermination Godly Armor!”

Hong!

Luo Feng’s godly power penetrated the black scale right away. This particular black scale had drifted all the way and had undergone the various impacts within Deep Abyss without the protection of any godly power. Just like his Shi Wu wings, which had suffered from various ups and downs to be heavily damaged, this black scale might not be so unfortunate as to incur damages, but it had lost almost all of its life imprints, with only a faint trace left. With merely two impacts, Luo Feng was able to penetrate it to leave a life imprint.

“Huh?” Luo Feng frowned. “There isn’t any information?”

This black scale had already recognized him as its master, but he could not detect anything special.

“Could it be because this black scale is only a small part of the countless scales on Extermination Godly Armor? So it was powerless?” Luo Feng said to himself.

It was possible, as there was something called an “incomplete true treasure.” A true treasure had to be able to function normally before a portion of information could appear.

“Start searching.”

Sou!

Star Tower started moving right away.

Luo Feng started searching as though he had cast his net at random. He merely had a piece of scale that recognized its master. But it did not have the ability to summon, nor did it contain any information, so Luo Feng could only search around slowly. However, he had already discovered his first piece, so he assumed that there would be others in the surroundings.

Hua! Hua!

With his control over Golden Kingdom, Luo Feng transformed into a large golden hand and grasped handfuls of dangerous lands as he scanned and swept through them carefully.

“Second piece!” Luo Feng was pleasantly surprised. “Eh, third piece!”

The truth was, there were, indeed, many Extermination Godly Armor scales in the surroundings. One by one, these scales were quickly being discovered, allowing the number of scales that Luo Feng found to increase continuously. The only pity was… even though the number of scales found was increasing, there was still no information regarding Extermination Godly Armor being transmitted to Luo Feng’s consciousness.

Universe Ocean was the Divine Eye Clan’s first universe.

“Huh?”

Five Chaos Master frowned and quickly walked out of the silent room to stand before the high railings of the towering godly palace. He looked far into the sky.

“First True Master.”

Before him, in midair, a fuzzy figure appeared.

“Five Chaos.” First True Master looked at him.

“First True Master,” Five Chaos Master said anxiously. “Previously, when my black token lost its sensitivity while it was within Universe Ocean, I could detect its location and direction, but at least I could detect its presence. When my black token first lost its sensitivity… I thought it was the extremely scary impact of the Deep Abyss that repeatedly attacked with such impact, thus causing my life imprints to shatter. However, just now—”

First True Master frowned and said, “Continue talking.”

“Just a moment ago, when it came to the countless pieces of scales of Extermination Godly Armor, by right, I should be able to vaguely detect them. But just now, I realized that the scales were disappearing quickly, one after the other. Apparently, my life imprints were continuously being shattered. However, when Extermination Godly Armor was being torn apart into countless scale pieces and being swept into Deep Abyss, even if it was a unique situation, it should still be a large-scale amount of life imprints being shattered at one go as a result of a portion of scales being swept up. Yet I felt that this repeated shattering was more likely scattered pieces of my Extermination Godly Armor being found by great beings and thereafter, recognizing these great beings as their masters.” Five Chaos Master said this all in a serious tone.

“Being found by great beings?” First True Master was a little confused. “There are other great beings in the ninth level of Deep Abyss?”

“There aren’t many who know of Deep Abyss,” Five Chaos Master replied seriously. “Just three powers: us, the human race from the primal universe, and the Purple Moon Holy Land. Those who dare to venture into Deep Abyss are definitely universe supreme masters, almost certainly they would be humans from the primal universe and a certain few universe supreme masters from Purple Moon Holy Land. Or a few other universe supreme masters who were nearby and heard the news and were quick in reaching Deep Abyss to explore. That may be how a certain few universe supreme masters somehow ventured into the ninth level of Deep Abyss.”

First True Master nodded slightly. Then the situation was a little troublesome. There were great beings who were a step ahead of him.

“The chances of great beings finding the scattered scales were extremely high,” said Five Chaos Master, “while the chances of the environment of Deep Abyss causing the life imprints to shatter one by one were extremely low, unless there were cases of sheer coincidences.”

“I know,” First True Master replied slowly.

Five Chaos Master bowed and immediately retreated. He understood that now, all he could do was pass on the information he had. There was really nothing else he could do.

The internal domain of Universe Boat.

Third True Master and Sixth True Master had made a majestic entry into the internal region.

“What? Yes, yes, Teacher!” Sixth True Master’s divided body was in a conversation with First True Master via its consciousness. Then he quickly turned his head to look at Third True Master beside him. In a serious tone, he said, “Teacher has just given me some news. We have met with a little trouble.”

“Oh?” Third True Master looked over. “What did Divine Eye say?”

Divine Eye Clan had seven true masters. First True Master was the first in the entire history of the Divine Eye Clan to become a universe supreme master; at that time, he went by the title of “Divine Eye.” He took the path of becoming a universe supreme master with his title of Divine Eye; therefore, within Universe Ocean, he had earned the title of “Divine Eye True Master.”

Among the other six true masters, three were disciples of Divine Eye True Master.

“Teacher said that in the ninth level of Deep Abyss, there are great beings, and these great beings are also searching for the scattered pieces of scales of Extermination Godly Armor,” Sixth True Master said in a serious tone. “We have merely entered this internal domain, so we are still very far away. There is no way we can stop them.”

“Great beings have actually ventured into Deep Abyss too?” Third True Master instantly became a little flustered.

No matter how formidable they were, there was no way they could get there directly.

“I don’t care anymore.” Third True Master gritted his teeth as he shouted, “Let’s just burn with our godly power. We will tear apart time and space to get there in the shortest time possible.”

“Yes.” Sixth True Master nodded.

Hong! Hong!

The two went utterly mad. Although they each owned a supreme true treasure, those were not attacking weapon type true treasures. So when it came to the speed of tearing apart time and space, they were far from catching up with Huge Axe Creator! The only advantage they had was that Huge Axe Creator was already a beat slower than they were from the beginning, so at that point in time, Huge Axe Creator was merely at the entrance of Universe Boat.

Searching like crazy—one by one, the pieces of scales were being hunted down.

Luo Feng had transformed into a golden beast which controlled Golden Kingdom within Deep Abyss. Golden Beast was rampantly grabbing, kicking, and trying all sorts of ways to comb through every inch possible. Soon, he managed to search and gather more and more pieces of scattered scales.

“9,310, 9,311…” Luo Feng went on without a moment’s rest.

The thing was, even if he had gathered many of them, the scales were still in a mess; there was no single composition that looked like a decent component.

Time passed by. In a blink of the eye, the search had gone on for more than a month. Luo Feng had taken complete reference to the distribution of these scales. In areas where the scales were densely gathered, he would search even more thoroughly… Naturally, he had sketched a diagram in his mind, which easily allowed him to speculate the place that would most likely to have a large number of scales. Going by such a method, Luo Feng was highly efficient.

“182,900.” Luo Feng had lost the zest he had when he first started. Now, he only looked forward to the moment where all these scattered pieces of scales would start to show changes.

Hua!

The large amount of scattered black scales accumulated in a pile in the core control room of Star Tower suddenly flew toward and gathered around this 182,900th piece of scale Luo Feng had just collected. The 182,900th piece became a core, every other piece was connecting, embedding, and composing about it in a frenzy; at the same time, bouts of aura were spreading out.

There was an immeasurably insane aura, to the extent of reminding Luo Feng of memories within the space of the wings where he was subjected to the insanely suppressive willpower of the bloodstains on the pair of white wings.

In a short moment, a gigantic, black wrist guard with a simple structure was suspended above the large number of scattered scales. The moment Luo Feng stretched out his left hand, the black wrist guard flew over instantly to cover his wrist. Quickly, it blended into its surroundings. At the same time, a piece of information was transmitted from the wrist guard into his consciousness rapidly.

“Huh?” Luo Feng whispered softly. “So Extermination Godly Armor’s original name is Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor.”

Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor was its actual name. Or rather, it was the name the creator of this armor had given it. As for Extermination Godly Armor… it was a name Five Chaos Master had given the armor. Upon transmission, all of Universe Ocean got to know of its name.

“A mere wrist guard is of no use at all.”

The information transmitted was a piteous amount, containing only the actual name and some uses of the wrist guard. The simple engravings on the wrist guard could be facilitated to include attachment, but apparently, this level of attachment would not be comparable to the ultimate technique of a universe master Luo Feng had created.

“Yet this name seems to suggest that there is something extraordinary about this Extermination Godly Armor.”

Luo Feng was looking more and more forward to learning more about the armor. The name it was given was quite well-deserved, actually. After all, it was only second to a supreme true treasure. Naturally, it would be ridiculous to think of it as ordinary!

Judging from normal practice, for the weaker ones, using strange objects and using supreme true treasures that were unable to unleash their full potential… the strength of the power unleashed by both was not much different! Supreme true treasures could unleash their true powers only if they were in the hands of a great being was capable of executing its powers well. For example, to most universe supreme masters, strange objects and supreme true treasures were vastly different… For some universe masters who were very powerful, they might still be able to unleash a sizable amount of power from these supreme true treasures.

However, to Luo Feng, who had only activated Star Tower to its second form, he did not unleash the full potential of Star Tower’s true strength. Star Tower could only be treated as equivalent to a strange object. Meaning to say that Extermination Godly Armor and Silver Wings—when placed in Luo Feng’s hands—would be equal to Star Tower in power level. At least for now!

With Silver Wings, Luo Feng was not the least bothered about the fourth-tier life forms. With his Star Tower Long Shuttle, he could suppress the fourth-tier life forms, but his power level would not be enough to fight Star River Master.

“I wonder what the true efficiency of Extermination Godly Armor is,” Luo Feng said.

Continue seeking!

“Sense of summoning…”

Upon obtaining the first component—the wrist guard of Extermination Godly Armor—Luo Feng could already feel a faint summoning from, for instance, the other pieces of scales around him and the pieces of scales dispersed in the outside world but still nearby.

“Haha…” Following the sense of summoning, Luo Feng’s speed of search increased tremendously and with an extremely high rate of efficiency.

One by one, scales were being gathered continuously. He had even started to discover golden scales! The entire right arm of Extermination Godly Armor was golden, while the other parts were black.

In the blink of an eye, another 32 days passed.

The number of scales from Extermination Godly Armor that Luo Feng had gathered reached 6,920,021 pieces. Based on an approximate assemblage, he estimated that he must have gathered around 80 percent of the entire Extermination Godly Armor; although the quantity was high, he still lacked many connecting parts, so the entire armor seemed scattered with many of its secret engravings remaining incomplete.

Hong!

Just as the 6,920,021st piece of scale was recognizing its Master, a drastic change occurred again.

Wrist guard, battle boots, and dress armor… all started assembling in a frenzy. Bouts of intimidating aura were gushing forth continuously, impacting Luo Feng’s willpower. However, having steeled his willpower during his time in the space of the white wings, Luo Feng was able to ward off the impacts. Soon, a half-completed Extermination Godly Armor was seen suspended in midair.


Chapter 1199: Supreme Masters Arrived

The half-finished Extermination Godly Armor was floating in the control room of Star Tower, and it was giving out a dark light. The armor was black, and only the right claw was golden.

A plethora of ancient information flooded Luo Feng’s mind. Although he wasn’t able to read the characters, he knew what they meant.

“This is Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor.” Luo Feng looked happy. “No wonder it’s a valuable second only to supreme true treasures. Incredible. This is exactly what I need right now.”

The message transferred already contained most of the information of Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor. It had several functions. It had excellent defending power as an armor. It was able to affect the soul and willpower, and it was able to weaken the soul attack to 1/100th. It was much more effective against material attacks, as it was able to weaken material attack to 1/100,000th! It was more precious than Force Armor!

Also! It was made up of 8,999,999 scales, and those scales could form all sorts of shapes. It could be used as a spiritual force weapon like how that Five Chaos Master formed Five Beast God. It was used for distant attacks. Plus, the right claw was the most powerful attacking part.

Aside from defense, distant attacks, and close combat, Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor also had a special ability, which gave it the name Crazy Demon. When the mind and willpower of the user became more and more similar to the armor, the user would grow crazier—and sometimes, the user would forget everything and fight madly. This madness would create a strong mental impact. Of course, the “mind hitting” power wasn’t strong enough to be useful.

“Such wicked armor.” Luo Feng raised his head and looked at Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor.

Sou!

The armor flew to Luo Feng’s body like a streak of black light. Black scales showed up on his godly body. As for Force Armor, Luo Feng had put it away.

“Crazy demon? Crazy demon?” Luo Feng frowned.

Wicked and dangerous! It wasn’t a good thing to be trapped in the state of a crazed demon. Based on the information on hand, once he was trapped in that state, he would forget everything and only know fighting. This was dangerous, as he needed to be able to judge the situation.

“No wonder I’ve never heard of Five Chaos Master using mind attacks.” Luo Feng thought. “It’s indeed not useful.”

The good thing is, it’s excellent in close combat, distant attacks, and defense, especially that right claw! Luo Feng thought.

There were different types of engraving sculptures on Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor. There were engravings for material defense, there was a combination of engravings, and there were even three levels of engraving sculptures on the golden right claw. Apparently, the engravings were not complete.

“The engravings of defense and combination are not difficult.” Luo Feng was extremely high-achieving in engraving pictures. “The most difficult ones are those on the golden right claw. They can rival Shi Wu Wing but are inferior to Star Tower. I’ll keep searching.”

Luo Feng didn’t have time to study the engravings. “I might not be able to completely understand these engravings. Besides, the universe supreme masters are coming here, and I think it might take them a short while to arrive. I need to gather all the scales before they arrive.”

Half a month passed.

It took Luo Feng a long time to get into the abyss from Universe Boat. However, the third true master and the sixth true master advanced extremely quickly.

“It’s Frozen Lake Fire in the front, and the abyss is right above. Based on the coordinate, we can race up there and go to the ninth abyss. Even there’s someone looking for valuables, they won’t be able to make it out in such a short time. They’re not able to use domain to inspect the abyss, so they can only use their eyes and senses. With the sensing skills we universe supreme masters have, he won’t be able to get away.”

“Let’s go.”

Sou! Sou!

They were both sitting in pinnacle palace type true treasures. They tore space and time like two beams of light, and the laws all receded. Their speed surged, 500 times faster than light speed, 1,000 times faster than light speed… They immediately went through Frozen Lake Fire, and they saw the abyss on top.

Their speed plummeted! Even universe supreme masters didn’t dare to rush into the abyss at high speed. After all, the gravitational power was already very strong, and with that breakneck speed, the pinnacle palaces might not be able to withstand it.

Their speed plummeted, and they followed the swallowing power. Universe masters would not be able to survive in pinnacle palace type true treasures, yet it was different for universe supreme masters! They were able to wield more power of pinnacle palace type true treasures…

“Get into the abyss.”

“I’ll see which one is trying to seize the true treasures of Divine Eye clan. Humph! Extermination Godly Armor, wing true treasures—they belong to us Divine Eye clan!”

“Our final death is coming. No matter which universe supreme master you are, you’re just unlucky.”

The two universe supreme masters were ferocious, and they flew into the abyss. They were prepared to fight even universe supreme masters! The Divine Eye clan obtained ancient engraving sculptures in the three Lands of Extremis, and after careful research, the seven true masters fully comprehended lots of mysteries.

They weren’t afraid of anyone but Teacher Origin in Universe Ocean.

In the depth of the ninth abyss.

“Where is it?” Luo Feng sat in his bloody pyramid. He was flying in the inner area of the abyss. “Where are the last scales?”

Extermination Godly Armor had 8,999,999 scales in total. He was afraid before that some scales would fall in some unknown areas! Yet now, he had 8,999,993 scales, and he had the final six left.

“I need them all.” Luo Feng grew anxious. He wasn’t able to find them with his sensing. “It means that the scales are far away.”

Luo Feng closed his eyes, and a map came into his mind. It was the distribution map of the scales, and he was able to extrapolate from the map.

“I can infer that there are nine possible areas where the final six scales are, and they’re all on the edge…”

Luo Feng immediately selected his route.

Sou!

The bloody pyramid flew along the route and started to look for the final six scales. Extermination Godly Armor couldn’t even compare with Shi Wu Wing. Luo Feng was able to sense Shi Wu Wing when he was several light years away, yet he was only able to sense Extermination Godly Armor half a light year away. It could be concluded that there were differences between the two true treasures.

Shi Wu Wing is that powerful with only two pairs of wings. If I have all six of them, how incredible it will be?

The third true master and the sixth true master had been looking in the abyss for eight days. They followed the gravitational power, and they arrived at the area they intended to go. They found some fragments of true treasures, which made them realize that the other fragments and scales of Extermination Godly Armor must be close.

“I’ve found a fragment of a true treasure. It might be from a true treasure from Luo Feng or Five Chaos.”

“Look carefully.”

Luo Feng flew along the edge, but he didn’t dare use Golden Country. He speculated that the universe supreme masters would’ve entered the ninth abyss now. If he used Golden Country, he would be found very soon.

The bloody pyramid was flying fast, and Luo Feng was wearing the black Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor.

“Two more! It’s been nine days. I found four scales in the past nine days, and I only have two left.”

Luo Feng felt a sense of danger. He could sense that universe supreme masters could show up anytime.

“The last two scales. There are still three areas that I haven’t searched for. The abyss is enormous, so in all the areas where domain inspection is impossible, they can only use their eyes. I think they won’t be able to find me in a short time. The last three areas are all very remote. It might take me half a month to inspect them all.”

Luo Feng was looking forward to it.

“Half a month. I’ve got to find the last two scales and complete Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor.”

The third true master and the sixth true master kept searching.

After three days…

Luo Feng kept being patient, following the original path.

“I was in the center of Lava Ocean, and the speed exceeds the law control. Universe supreme masters might have the same skills.”

Luo Feng forced himself to be calm, and he would immediately hide if special ripples showed up.

“Huh?” Luo Feng frowned and took out a token. That was a token given by his teacher, Sitting Mountain Guest, and he could contact each other using the token.

Sitting Mountain Guest contacted Luo Feng. “Luo Feng.”

“Teacher,” answered Luo Feng.

“Where are you?” said Sitting Mountain Guest.

“I’m in the ninth abyss,” answered Luo Feng.

“No. I’m asking, which part of the ninth abyss are you in? I’m already in the ninth abyss, and I’ve followed the gravitational power and reached the depth of the abyss. I found the third true master and the sixth master, yet they didn’t find me. Tell me exactly where you are…”

The message from Sitting Mountain Guest dazed Luo Feng.

Teacher? Teacher is here?

“Teacher, you…” Luo Feng was indeed dazed.

“Even if you become a universe master,” said Sitting Mountain Guest, “you won’t be able to make it out with Star Tower without me. Do you want to spend forever in the abyss?”

“Teacher!” Luo Feng felt warm. Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest had said that he wouldn’t help Luo Feng before, yet he arrived directly, which made Luo Feng grateful. “Teacher, I’m at…”

Luo Feng described the reference points around him to let the teacher know where he was.

“I’m coming now,” said Sitting Mountain Guest.


Chapter 1200: Crazy Demon

“Luo Feng, the two true masters in Deep Abyss,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “They are very sharp and sensitive. To avoid being discovered by them, my speed cannot exceed 100 times light speed. So, to reach to where you are, I need around five days.”

Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat. He still had three more domains that he had yet to venture to, but Teacher seemed to be quite far from him, which would give him more than enough time to explore one more domain.

“Teacher, let’s meet somewhere else, then.” Luo Feng immediately chose another location out of the remaining three domains that was nearest to where he was as the new meeting location.

“Okay, I will still need close to six days to reach there,” Sitting Mountain Guest replied.

After that, the line of communication was cut.

Holding his token, Luo Feng was no longer worried or anxious. He was filled with excitement, and his eyes shone brightly.

“The moment Sitting Mountain Guest Teacher arrives, all dangers will dispel! The moment Teacher knew I had fallen into Deep Abyss, he rushed here right away…”

In his heart, he had always been cautious towards Sitting Mountain Guest. But this time, because Sitting Mountain Guest had rushed over so quickly, Luo Feng felt a warmth within his heart.

Six days later.

Amidst the rolling, icy cold mountain range, winding about the hard, icy surface of the mountains was Frozen Lake Fire. The crimson Star Tower had stopped within this Frozen Lake Fire, which could not be seen by the naked eye.

“In the last three domains I have searched, I have found nothing! That means I have two left.”

Luo Feng was desperate for the last two pieces of scales of the Extermination Godly Armor; he was just short of the final two pieces. Then the Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor would be complete.

“Luo Feng!” Suddenly, a piece of information was transmitted to him.

Luo Feng revealed his delight. Holding onto the token for transmission, he replied, “Teacher, I am here.”

“You can come over now,” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “I have arrived on the apex of the triangular mountain.”

“Triangular mountain?” Luo Feng understood right away.

There were many mountain peaks in the mountain range. These peaks were strange. Some resembled magic cubes; among them, there was a peak that looked like a triangle from its side profile, as though it had been slashed by a blade to become so smooth and shiny.

Sou!

The Crimson Pyramid raced out of Frozen Lake Fire and flew toward the triangular mountain. He flew over many mountain peaks, and soon, he saw the triangular peak. It was so smooth and shiny all over, to the point that it looked more like a sculpture than a mountain. Luo Feng flew over to the apex of that mountain peak without delay. At the summit, he could see scattered pieces of icy mountain rocks all over, yet there was no sign of Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Teacher, I’m here, where are you?” Luo Feng asked again.

Hua!

One of the rocks on the mountain peak started to change into a shade of dark green and began to float up and remain suspended in mid-air. Simultaneously, a cave appeared on the rock that was so tiny that only an ant might have been able to crawl through.

“Come in.”

“Yes, Teacher.”

As big as a speck of dust, Star Tower flew into the cave.

Inside the rock was a world of immeasurable beauty. It was as though the whole internal world was composed of glass. Numerous miniature worlds within it were scattered and dispersed, and upon entering, Luo Feng was immediately led into the core world. It was a vast core world where all living things grew and lived; there were countless animals and plants, as well as humans and other races.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng could see Sitting Mountain Guest standing on one of the faraway mountain peaks at first glance.

“Hmm?” Sitting Mountain Guest turned around, and his eyes were quick to focus on the black armor Luo Feng wore. He frowned upon taking a thorough look, then asked, “Is that… Extermination Godly Armor?”

Luo Feng smiled and nodded. “Yes.”

Luo Feng wore the armor in the hope of getting Teacher to realize and ask about it without him having to say anything. Otherwise, it would naturally be difficult for him to distinguish any slight change in expression or form.

“It was quite rewarding for you, to be able to obtain this Extermination Godly Armor,” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “I have heard of its great name before but never had the chance to see it. Let me have a closer look.”

“Yes.”

Luo Feng knew that Teacher was a top-tier existence extremely skilled in making true treasures. With a move of his mind, the half-completed Extermination Godly Armor flew over to where Teacher was.

From where he stood, Sitting Mountain Guest stretched out both arms to receive the Extermination Godly Armor. He looked it over meticulously and even studied the small portion of secret engravings found on the surface. The more he looked, the more furrowed his brows got. His frown deepened.

“It’s called…” Sitting Mountain Guest turned towards Luo Feng and asked, “Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor?”

“Teacher, how did you know?” Luo Feng was shocked.

This Extermination Godly Armor had always followed Five Chaos Master wherever he went and had never been passed around before. Its original name, “Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor,” would not have been known by other great beings.

Sitting Mountain Guest laughed lightly and replied, “Naturally, I have met with some unique opportunities, too, so I learned about the existence of Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor long before now. It’s just that, this is my first time looking at it so closely. That is why I only now realized that… Five Chaos Master’s Extermination Godly Armor is in fact, Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor. This is an absolute true treasure, but there is one thing you have to bear in mind.”

Luo Feng listened intently.

“By using this Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, once you enter the Crazy Demon state, the crazier the demon you get, the higher power of this battle armor will increase, albeit gradually. However—the moment you lose your autonomous consciousness and enter an absolute Crazy Demon state, you will not be able to maintain consciousness at will. There must be another great being around to wake you up within the shortest time possible! If no great being is around to break the Crazy Demon state and wake you up… you will lose your autonomous consciousness forever.”

Luo Feng’s expression changed drastically. He replied, “Your disciple will remember this well.”

Luckily for him, Teacher was around to give him guidance.

“Hmm.” Sitting Mountain Guest gave a light hum and looked up as though his gaze could bore holes in the endless space high above. “Universe Ocean is unfathomable. Some of the knowledge I have acquired was through pure coincidence. You need not worry. When using Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, just control your internal peace well. Do not let the Crazy Demon control you, and nothing will go wrong. Once you have attained a willpower that is comparable to a universe supreme master, then no matter how crazy it is, the Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor will never be able to cause you to lose your autonomous consciousness.” Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Luo Feng. “Also, I see that this battle armor seems to be incomplete?”

“Yes, it is.” Luo Feng nodded. “I still have some other pieces of scales with me. It is just that I am lacking the final two pieces. Therefore, quite a few other scales are unable to fuse. I am left with two domains to look into. I believe that the two pieces I am lacking should be in those two domains.”

“Where? Let me accompany you.” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. “Being able to obtain that Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor will be a great help to you too.”

Without further ado, Luo Feng, together with Sitting Mountain Guest Teacher, headed toward the last two domains.

On the third day…

“I can feel it, I can feel the summoning! In that direction.”

Luo Feng pointed far off into the distance. The mountain rock that was traveling with them immediately took a turn and headed in that direction at high speed.

This mountain rock was a true treasure personally made by Sitting Mountain Guest. After he had paid an exorbitant price and put in extremely strenuous efforts. It was usually in the form of a mountain… Sitting Mountain Guest would normally sit on the peak of this mountain. Within Universe Ocean, this “Sitting Mountain Peak” was acclaimed as a supreme true treasure, but previously, during a conversation with his teacher, Luo Feng got to know that while Sitting Mountain Peak had many functions, it still had not progressed to the level of a supreme true treasure.

Just as Sitting Mountain Guest had said: “I myself am a special life-form. I am one of a kind. This true treasure that I have refined is best suited to my life… and I made it myself and have even fused strange objects within it. It is indestructible. It is not a supreme true treasure, but in my hands, it is not much different from a supreme true treasure.”

“If the treasure suits you, that would be the best,” Sitting Mountain Guest continued. “Of course, in the vast Universe Ocean, when it comes to refining and making true treasures, there is no one who can beat me. Other great beings even have to go looking for true treasures.”

Luo Feng was speechless. Who could be so capable?

Making Star Tower for his disciple, then making Sitting Mountain Peak for himself… Sitting Mountain Guest had always been someone difficult to guard against, as he was well-equipped with so many different methods and means. Until that day, within the vast Universe Ocean, there was no one who really knew Sitting Mountain Guest’s true power. It was also because Sitting Mountain Guest never really fought head-on with anyone! He always relied on various other means, forcing the other universe supreme masters to a sorry state, which was why the various groups of powers were unwilling to offend this lone, wandering supreme master, Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Over there,” Luo Feng guided. “Over in that direction.”

Hong!

The flying mountain rock broke through numerous obstacles only to end up colliding against the endless, icy land.

“There is no way in,” Sitting Mountain Guest said.

“But I can feel it just below us,” Luo Feng replied.

Sitting Mountain Guest was also frowning. Beneath them was an endless, icy layer of vast land. The ground was immeasurably thick. There was not a single crack to be found.

“I have been to Deep Abyss before,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “This endless frozen Earth is indestructible and is completely frozen. By right, it is impossible for those two pieces of scales to make it down there.”

“But I can sense that they are just below us.” Luo Feng was confused, too.

“I have yet to hear of anyone who can break through that immeasurable layer of frozen earth.” Sitting Mountain Guest was at his wit’s end. “Let me think.”

“Teacher, let me out to take a look,” Luo Feng said.

“All right.” Sitting Mountain Guest nodded. At the moment, he could not come up with any solution. Maybe Luo Feng could get lucky.

Without further delay, Luo Feng boarded Crimson Pyramid, and Sitting Mountain Guest sat on Sitting Mountain Peak. They set off together to start their exploration of the endless, icy layer of earth.

In the uppermost level of Blazing Flames Lake, within the spreading Frozen Lake Fire…

Hong! Long! Long!

A huge axe tore through space at an alarming speed and charged into Frozen Lake Fire. At an extremely high rate of speed, it soared up into the sky and flew toward the highest point. When the black hole of that endless Deep Abyss appeared, Huge Axe immediately started to reduce his speed.

“We’ve reached it!”

“I rushed over here from Tilted Peak Sector. Thus, I have spent a little more time. If the universe supreme masters of the Divine Eye clan had also advanced at full speed, they would have reached it, too.”

After it slowed down, it started to suck in energy. Then it flew straight into the dark Deep Abyss.

In the deep region of the ninth level of Deep Abyss, there was an endless layer of frozen earth.

Crimson Pyramid and the deep green mountain rock both were flying above the endless, icy earth, exploring and searching for a way in. They had been doing so for the past two days but were completely clueless about how they could find their way in.

Luo Feng was frustrated. “Theoretically speaking, if the two pieces of scales are below, then by right, I should be able to get in.”

“Hahaha! Luo Feng, I found it. I found the way to get in!” Sitting Mountain Guest’s voice transmitted over to Luo Feng. “Come over here to where I am.”

“Found it? Right, I’m coming!” Luo Feng felt his excitement building instantaneously.

Crimson Pyramid flew into the dark green mountain rock right away.

Sitting Mountain Guest smiled and said with confidence, “The twelfth level of Deep Abyss is well-known for being barren without treasures. Not many great beings are willing to come in here. I did not expect this endless, frozen earth to be so mysterious. This endless layer of frozen earth… is unique. As far as the Universe Ocean, the three reincarnation eras, and the two holy land universes are concerned, the number of great beings who can discover the secrets of this layer of frozen earth may not even exceed three. As your teacher, if I were to say I am only second best in making and refining true treasures, no one would dare say he was the best— especially when even someone like myself had to take such a long time to discover the secret of this place. If it is you… cultivating to become a universe master here, I think you might not even be able to enter the layer of endless iced earth.”

Luo Feng could not help interrupting his teacher’s boasting session. “Teacher, Teacher, I think we should go in.”

“I am also very curious,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “You can see the technique I will use!”

Hong!

The entire deep green mountain peak expanded tremendously all of a sudden and immediately fell onto the layer of frozen earth. The next moment, the whole green mountain peak radiated countless light rays. These light rays were distorted to give rise to countless secret engravings, which started to worm their way into this layer of frozen earth. At this point, the vast layer of endless, frozen earth presented a gigantic diagram of secret engravings that spread over an area of ten billion kilometers.


Chapter 1201: Island

The engraving reflected on the permafrost suddenly surged.

Sou!

The cyan mountain disappeared.

“This is a special transportation skill.” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled in the mountain. “It’s kind of like your Star Tower. There are lots of spaces in your Star Tower, and there will be portals from space to space. This one is similar, but it just changes the portal into a spot.”

Luo Feng was listening, but he still looked confused. He understood what it meant in a broad sense, but he couldn’t figure out the mysteries behind it.

Sitting Mountain Guest grinned and laughed. “Haha! I’ve said that only less than three can identify it out of all the great beings from the three universe eras and holy lands combined. Also, I can identify it faster than them. Even lots of universe supreme masters can’t understand it. How could you know it? The only thing you need to know is that Universe Boat has power itself. From my perspective, Universe Boat itself is a magical true treasure! Much more magical than all the supreme true treasures we know.”

“I think so too.” Luo Feng nodded.

“What do you mean, you think so too?” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “This Universe Boat has the shape of a boat, and it was clearly crafted. Most great beings think that it’s a terrific true treasure. Okay… Transportation is over.”

It was glowing outside. Time and space moved, and Sitting Mountain Guest showed up in a quiet space.

“Look outside.” Sitting Mountain Guest pointed to the outside, and the cyan stone immediately disappeared.

“A very beautiful and simple space,” said Luo Feng. He found that the space wasn’t large, and there was an island at the center of the lake. There weren’t any plants on the island, and there were only ancient, stone-built palaces. “Teacher, I can sense that the two scales are in the lake,” he said.

“I already know where the two scales come from.” Sitting Mountain Guest pointed down. “This giant lake, and the water in the lake… This is the gigantic ice mountain domain. Perhaps the two scales fell into this domain and flew here through a mysterious portal.”

“I’ll go down there, teacher.”

Luo Feng was in a hurry, so he didn’t have time to chit-chat with his teacher.

“Haha, just go.” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled and nodded.

Luo Feng flew out of the mountain in the bloody pyramid.

He went into the ice-cold water domain. He kept diving.

Luo Feng had gathered hundreds of thousands of scales in the ice-cold water domain before, so he knew that the water wasn’t a threat at all. To be exact, the entire abyss couldn’t pose any threat to Star Tower, and the worst it could do to Luo Feng was to trap him forever.

“It’s there!”

Luo Feng sensed something stronger.

The bloody pyramid kept sinking, and the blurry golden light immediately became a giant golden hand and grabbed the two scales.

“Haha, I got them!”

He went back to the center of the mountain. Sitting Mountain Guest stood to the side with a smile.

Luo Feng was very excited, and the two scales immediately recognized him as their masters. The Extermination Godly Armor was disintegrated, and all the 8,999,999 scales floated around Luo Feng. Most of the scales were black, and a fraction of them were golden.

Hua!

They immediately combined, which made Luo Feng exclaim. It was able to create all the techniques, and they were scattered on all the scales. Defense, distant combat, and close combat—all the engravings were so delicately combined. It was incredible that someone was able to make such a true treasure.

“Not bad.” Sitting Mountain Guest nodded.

Luo Feng was wearing the black-scaled armor, and the four silver wings opened. Suddenly, the color changed, and it became a silver armor. The right hand turned silver.

“Even Five Chaos Master won’t be able to recognize you.” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled and nodded.

“Hmm.” Luo Feng was excited as well.

“However,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Five Chaos uses this Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor as a palace type true treasure, and the armor is slightly damaged. This is supposed to come from Lava Ocean.”

Luo Feng nodded, as he could sense that the armor was indeed a bit damaged.

“Give it to me, and I’ll help you repair it,” said Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Okay.” Luo Feng felt more grateful.

“It’s only slightly damaged, so it won’t cost much to fix it,” said Sitting Mountain Guest confidently. “However, few in Universe Ocean are able to fix valuables like this. I am the only one.”

Luo Feng was speechless, as his teacher was indeed very confident in making true treasures. However, he needed his teacher’s help, so he needed to be agreeable.

He gave the armor to his teacher, yet his teacher didn’t rush to repair it. Instead, he said, “Let’s go, go to that island. This mysterious space is independent of other places, so it should be a space that belonged to some great being before.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded.

Long ago—to be exact, before the two holy lands came into being and Universe Boat was not yet one of the three Lands of Extremis— Universe Boat had a user. The black keepsake, green keepsake, and the silver keepsake corresponded to independent spaces.

If Tilted Peak Sector and Flowing Countless Mountain looked natural, Universe Boat appeared to have been crafted.

Hua!

The mountain immediately flew to the island and stopped above the island before it gradually landed.

Sitting Mountain Guest started to walk out. “Let’s go.”

“Teacher…?” Luo Feng couldn’t help asking, as he needed to be careful everywhere in the abyss.

Sitting Mountain Guest was already outside. “The island is safe,” he said.

“Okay.” Luo Feng could only follow, yet his golden horned beast body was in the bloody pyramid.

He and his teacher walked out of the mountain and arrived on the island.

The island only has a diameter of a million kilometers, thought Luo Feng. It’s not large.

To them, they could walk from one side of the island to the other side in one step.

Sitting Mountain Guest looked at the palaces. Luo Feng turned around and looked at them. Both could tell that they were all the mountain stones that belonged to the island. They formed stoned palaces, and there were pictures on the walls of the palaces. There were pictures of giant boats flying in the sky, pictures of great beings fighting each other, great beings without heads floating in the sky, and lots of beings groveling.

They seemed to be telling an ancient history. The energy seemed to be from an ancient civilization. The sculptures themselves contained lots of emotions, which even affected Luo Feng’s mind.

“What a terrific civilization,” said Sitting Mountain Guest.

“What a terrific great being,” whispered Luo Feng.

“You can tell?” Sitting Mountain Guest looked to Luo Feng.

“I can’t tell much. However, that boat on the picture is clearly Universe Boat. What kind of civilization was able to build a valuable like Universe Boat?” Luo Feng exclaimed, “The builder must be incredibly powerful!” He turned to Sitting Mountain Guest. “Teacher. Were great civilizations really born here in the past?”

“Perhaps,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Even if they were, nobody knows which universe era this one belonged to. The two holy lands have existed for a very long time, and Universe Boat was already broken when they came into being. We can only find some traits from some ruins. The skills I use to make true treasures, I got because of some special situations. I attained them with my comprehension. Like those seven true masters of Divine Eye clan, they went to some ancient places and studied them. Like the two holy lands… They had special fighting and training skills. One of the reasons is that they are led by the ancestors of the holy lands, and second, they’ve been to lots of ancient places.”

“Holy lands,” Luo Feng couldn’t help saying. “Teacher, no one has met the ancestors from the two holy lands.”

“This is a secret among the universe supreme masters.” Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Luo Feng. “Don’t think too much. Keep practicing! When you become a universe supreme master, you’ll know many more mysteries, and you’ll just be wasting your time overthinking if you haven’t reached that.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Go, let’s go in.” Sitting Mountain Guest walked in.

He walked along and entered the palace.

Luo Feng and Sitting Mountain Guest were walking side by side, and they were looking at all the ancient sculptures. There were all sorts of pictures. Pictures of beings cheering, pictures of battle and leaders roaring… All the pictures showed that it was an ancient civilization—a mysterious and powerful civilization.

“Emotions…” Luo Feng could feel the emotions in the sculptures. He even doubted that they were famous buildings that mimicked some ancient civilizations.

After some time, Luo Feng and Sitting Mountain Guest entered the center place.

Luo Feng noticed that Sitting Mountain Guest stopped.

“Teacher?”

Luo Feng looked to all the complex characters on the giant wall in the distance. The characters were ancient and mysterious. Even though Luo Feng wasn’t able to recognize the characters on the wall, he was able to understand what they meant.

“A mistake! It’s a huge mistake! It cost so much! Yet all I got is death! Deaths upon deaths! Haha! I have made a breakthrough, so what! It’s death in the end!”

The characters on the wall contained anger and regret, which dazed both Luo Feng and Sitting Mountain Guest.


Chapter 1202: Devil Split

Unknown words on the stone walls gave rise to strong emotions that caused Luo Feng to feel as though he was under the impact of a crazy storm. Near his ears, there was a vague, low growl that sounded—as though an ancient, great being was roaring.

“Dying one after the other, dying one by one, no one can escape. No one can! I am filled with reluctance, so reluctant!”

Soon after, Luo Feng regained consciousness.

“These words contained an emotion so strong, and also, they contained his willpower.”

Luo Feng was speechless learning about this.

“An intimidating existence that was annihilated during a reincarnation era that no one knew when, leaving behind mere words; to be able to achieve this, how powerful he must be! Besides, these words and the words transmitted by the true treasure are the same. True treasures, one by one being born, yet no one knew who created them. The primal universe? Universe Ocean, or another… Now, from the looks of it, many true treasures that have been handed down may be related to a tyrannical civilization that had been annihilated.”

Luo Feng speculated to himself, then turned to look at his teacher beside him.

Sitting Mountain Guest looked on without a word. Given his power, he would not be influenced by the strong emotions exuded by those words, but the expression on his face was vaguely sad. It took a while before he slowly shook his head. Then, looking at Luo Feng, he said, “Luo Feng, the mysterious great being who left these words behind is stronger than me. Stronger than any other universe supreme master. I suppose even Teacher Origin of the human race may not be able to defeat this great being. Only the Original Ancestor of the Two Holy Land Universes might somehow be comparable. How strong he was, yet his end was so tragic…”

Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head and continued, “As of today, our Universe Ocean is active across the three reincarnation eras and two holy land universes. But thousands and millions of reincarnation eras later, who or which race and clan could survive? This is something we do not know.”

Luo Feng was momentarily taken aback.

That was quite true. They would not be able to live that long, so long as they could live through three more reincarnation eras; nowadays, for a large number of great beings, only those from the two holy places could survive through countless years. Besides, it would be too difficult to create another Holy Land Universe for them to live.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng’s gaze was sharp as a blade, and in a light but firm tone, he said, “We may only have a glimmer of hope, but at least the Two Holy Lands are still there. We can still see hope! No matter what, we have to give it our best shot! I have only lived for merely hundreds of thousands of years. That is far too short compared to one reincarnation era; being able to reach where I am today, what about millions and billions of years…? Or even much longer than that, I am certain I can reach higher grounds! If there is no path ahead, I will make my own path. Besides, this is not unprecedented. There were great beings who succeeded before.” Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Luo Feng, then smiled as he nodded. “Haha! I may have been slightly influenced by those words. Being young is definitely different. You are so full of vigor. With such vigor, you will be different from old fellows who have lived through endless, long periods yet have not been able to achieve any breakthroughs. Long periods have eroded their ardor. You should put your heart into this. Who knows? In the future, I might need to get help from you.”

“Get help from…?” Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat.

“Let’s go,” Sitting Mountain Guest beckoned. “We should take a look to see what else this great being who lived here ages ago left behind.”

“All right.”

Luo Feng followed suit.

Luo Feng and Sitting Mountain Guest were both extraordinary beings. They toured around as streaks of light, and all they required was one sweeping glance of everything around them. Everything they scanned would be remembered well and taken to heart. And, naturally, their speeds would be extremely fast.

The entire island is incomparably quiet, thought Luo Feng. It is very different from the other places in Deep Abyss. There isn’t a single plant or a single valuable on this island. Just endless palaces…

Suddenly, ahead of him, Sitting Mountain Guest took a wide stride and—sou! He arrived faraway at the third palace within its palace hall.

“Luo Feng, come here.” Sitting Mountain Guest’s voice seemed a little agitated.

Luo Feng accelerated, and within an instant, he had arrived within the palace. In that massive palace, within its huge courtyard, there were several exquisitely adorned sculptures. In the same courtyard, there was also a gigantic stone wall meant for decorative purposes. It was around 1,000 meters tall and 2,000 meters wide. The entirety of it exuded an immeasurably strong aura.

“This is—” Luo Feng said.

He knew clearly at first glance that this stone wall contained countless diagrams of secret engravings. They were so small that they would have been measured on a nanometer scale and seemed to be embedded in the stone wall. It seemed to be their nest where they all finally converged to form a strange, huge, three-dimensional diagram of secret engravings

Hong!

An aura charged at Luo Feng’s consciousness.

The stone wall that was originally before them had undergone a complete change. Now, it seemed to contain another world that was filled with countless souls like life forms from the rock race, metal race, or even the flesh and the blood type. Billions of life forms were kneeling in a certain direction, worshipping as they chanted the same utterance in unison: “Devil split… Devil split…”

Devil split!

The intermittent sounds were like a tsunami.

“Luo Feng, wake up!”

The impact of a strong godly power caused Luo Feng to wake up in shock.

“Teacher—!”

Luo Feng turned to look at Teacher, feeling overwhelmed with shock. It was so terrifying. What technique was this? He had studied diagrams of secret engravings and had meticulously studied the diagram of secret engravings of miniature universe, but when comparing the diagram of secret engravings of a miniature universe to the stone wall before him—which contained a diagram of a vast and mysterious secret engraving—it was like comparing a single blazing flame to an entire star.

Luo Feng would have bet that the scene he had witnessed earlier had been caused by the diagram of secret engravings on that stone wall… Whatever being created that engraving, if the technique was really executed to unleash its true potential, it would be so powerful that billions of souls would submit to it. Or at least universe masters would not be able to resist it and would be enslaved to it in an instant.

“You are quite a gutsy one,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “The moment you arrived, you went straight to look at the stone wall filled up by that diagram of secret engravings. The engravings on this stone wall were a legacy left by an ancient existence. They are profound beyond imagination. Even I am only able to understand a tiny bit of it.” Sitting Mountain Guest pointed to somewhere far off to one side and said, “I think you should take a look at this side first.”

Luo Feng looked in the direction his teacher was pointing. There was a wall in the courtyard. On the wall were some words. The meaning was apparent with just one look. These were the last words left behind by the same great being from earlier—the same one who had left the crazy words carrying such strong emotions.

“I’ve finally achieved a breakthrough, but death shall befall me soon.”

“How reluctant I am.”

“How regretful I am.”

“But it’s too late… Everything is too late. One by one, they all died. I attained a higher level of achievement and comprehended my greatest technique, but still, I was too late. This diagram of secret engravings represented lost knowledge, during my highest peak, highest peak…”

Brief as they might have been, these words seemed to convey thoughts that sounded more sad than angry.

Looking at the message left behind on the stone wall, Luo Feng suddenly realized that the incredible diagram of secret engraving that seemed to be embedded onto the wall actually represented that great being’s highest peak.

“This is not the first time I have made such a discovery.” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “In the three most dangerous lands, some core grounds have monuments that were left by super beings from countless reincarnation eras ago. The number of monuments that I have come across so far, including this time, is nine. Some of them are very useful while the others are completely useless.”

Luo Feng nodded. He had also obtained the relic of Jie Fanzi before, so he could understand what his Teacher meant. Universe supreme masters who could make it to the core ground of the three most dangerous lands would be able to discover various relics. This was nothing strange at all.

“This being merely wanted to prove himself.” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “He had no intentions of passing down any inheritance, because if he had wanted to pass down any, even if there wasn’t detailed guidance, he would have left at least a dozen diagrams of secret engravings, from bottom to top, for the later generations to contemplate and study. Yet he only left behind an extremely powerful set of diagrams of secret engravings! Even I find it impossible to cultivate. Who else can achieve the cultivation of this? The Divine Eye Clan got lucky before, to discover a set of complete inherited monuments left behind by an ancient existence.”

Sitting Mountain Guest sighed. “Why can’t I have such good luck…? Luo Feng, I told you not to look at the stone wall. Why are you looking at it again?” Sitting Mountain Guest could not help nagging Luo Feng.

At this point in time, Luo Feng’s gaze was fixated on the stone wall. What he was observing was only one of the corners of the wall; it was not like before, where he was looking at the entire diagram. In that corner—which was probably only 1/10,000th of the whole diagram of secret engravings—he could see countless miniature diagrams of secret engravings constructed around one another, to the extent that they pierced into the stone wall. There was a strange kind of feeling. It was as though the universe was the fundamental particle and fundamental particles were reassembling to construct a soul.

Those miniature diagrams of secret engravings were all very exquisite. Luo Feng was completely mesmerized by the way they were constructed.

“Gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, thunder, lightning, electricity, and light rays? Time and space? Fusion Laws? What nonsense. None of these—this is something entirely different. It was more miraculous, more unpredictable…”

Luo Feng was completely taken aback.

Suddenly—

“Luo Feng, wake up!” Sitting Mountain Guest shouted.

Luo Feng turned to look at his teacher. “Teacher, this time, I am not influenced by the music. I am clear-minded and awake.”

“You have been looking at it for more than three days.” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head out of helplessness. “Would I have been standing here all this time? This diagram of secret engraving is mystical and unpredictable, but it does not conform to my path in life.”

“Ah…! Three days?” Luo Feng was shocked; his entire mind and body had been immersed within for so long. Time really flew by quickly.

“Teacher, this diagram of secret engravings is extremely profound, I think even if I had billions of years, I would still be unable to fathom it thoroughly. However, from its most fundamental structure, I realized… the flow of diagrams of these secret engravings was like a mirror of my life, showing me that my achievement in the studies of diagrams of secret engravings have been stagnant at the universe knight limit for far too long. I feel that this is my chance for a breakthrough.”

Sitting Mountain Guest laughed. “Haha! Yes, it may not be useful to me, but studying these diagrams has been a part of you for some time. The study of diagrams of secret engravings is required to continue observing more and more diagrams of secret engravings. The more you study, the higher the possibility of a breakthrough. You were here for three days, and so I have been looking at them for three days. I, too, have comprehended some of them. From within, I have comprehended five of these diagrams. You should come take a look!”

Hua!

Sitting Mountain Guest pointed to the towering wall in the neighboring courtyard, and on the stone wall, countless fine secret engravings suddenly appeared. One after another, large diagrams of secret engravings appeared—all of which were much more profound than the diagram of secret engraving of a miniature universe. They were the five major diagrams of secret engravings, and they were etched onto five different parts of the wall.

“These five major diagrams of secret engravings, from what I comprehended, all have 1/1,000th the power of that lost knowledge,” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “With this as a stepping stone, you will be able to gain an understanding of it faster.”

Luo Feng gazed at the five major diagrams of secret engravings and could not help but feel shocked. This was, indeed, an entity capable of making supreme true treasures. His capability was intimidatingly strong.

“Stop looking, it is time to head out.” Sitting Mountain Guest laughingly said, “This island is very quiet, and there isn’t much danger around. You only need to leave behind one body with your godly power to slowly build on your understanding. Do you know… in the outside world, there is a big commotion going on. I can already sense the great waves from outside, I think there might be a fight between universe supreme masters.”

“A fight between universe supreme masters?” Luo Feng was taken aback.

“Otherwise, I would not have woken you up.” Sitting Mountain Guest laughed. “Leave a body with your godly power here. It may be weaker, but there is no one to attack it, so it will be fine. You can leave it here to cultivate and gain comprehension at ease. Let’s go. We shall go and take a look. If we make it in time, maybe we can still see the battle in action. Tsk tsk… Who knows? The ones involved may possibly be Huge Axe Creator of your human race.”


Chapter 1203: Hand over the Valuables

Luo Feng couldn’t stay calm anymore knowing that it might be Huge Axe Creator fighting outside.

“Teacher, let’s go,” said Luo Feng.

He looked around. He saw a trace of indistinct godly power flying out of his godly body, and it was condensed into a human shape. It was an avatar.

Universe knights were already able to use avatars easily. Yet it was very difficult for undying fighters to use it, as they had weak godly power. If they couldn’t separate enough godly power, they couldn’t even maintain the consciousness. If they separated 50 percent of their godly bodies, the godly bodies separated would be very weak, so it was uncommon for undying fighters to separate their godly power.

However, it was much easier for universe knights to perform it. When the original stars had first opened, lots of universe knights from the Hong Alliance left avatars.

“Okay!”

“Let’s go now.” Sitting Mountain Guest didn’t hesitate.

After only a few seconds, a towering cyan mountain started to float, and it flew to the high point. Then Sitting Mountain Guest performed that giant engraving picture, which triggered the mysterious space, and it was transported out.

Only a lake, an island, and an avatar were left in the mysterious space.

The cyan mountain showed up again from the ice.

Sou!

The cyan mountain immediately flew away, and it disregarded any dangers.

“Compared to other places in the abyss, the mysterious space is a fantasy land of peace,” Luo Feng complimented it. “There’s no danger, and it’s really peaceful. No wonder that supreme being lived there. The ways to get in and get out are extraordinary. I’ve seen teacher performing it, but I still can’t learn it.”

“You’ll learn it when you become a universe supreme master.” Sitting Mountain Guest looked to Luo Feng. “Oh, right—you had better put your avatar there. Don’t dissipate your avatar. I don’t have time to send you in there again.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng was smiling.

He might be able to fight some universe masters with his accomplishment on the engraving path! However, he was still too weak compared to universe supreme masters and great beings even more terrifying than universe supreme masters. Now that he had the chance to study the supreme techniques of that great being, he wouldn’t waste it.

“Just an avatar. He can just live there forever.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “I need to study it no matter what. My techniques depend on it.”

Shua! Shua! Shua!

The mountain kept getting faster and faster, and it was already 100 times faster than light speed.

“Wow.” Luo Feng noticed the speed of the mountain. “Teacher, you’re getting too fast, and it’s already over the law operation. Some universe supreme masters might notice it.”

Sitting Mountain Guest was sitting there and poured some grape wine for himself. “What else should we do? Fly there slowly? The fight will be finished before you can arrive.”

“But…”

Luo Feng had no answer. It might take them several days to get there.

Several days? The fights between great beings were very short, even for universe supreme masters. Half an hour was already a long time —unless they were pursuing one another! Chasing fights could last for tens of thousands of years, yet all-out combat often ended in no time. If they were slow, they wouldn’t be able to make it, but if they were fast, they would be discovered.

“It doesn’t matter if we’re found,” said Sitting Mountain Guest, taking the wine cup. “Come, this wine is great. It was given by a friend from the second universe era after I made a true treasure for them. Try it.”

Luo Feng laughed. He wouldn’t worry about anything if his teacher didn’t.

“The wine was created after you gave him a true treasure? I need to try it.” Luo Feng walked up.

Sitting Mountain sped up to 1,000 times faster than light speed, 10,000 times faster than light speed, 100,000 times faster than light speed…

Luo Feng only sipped twice.

Hong!

The trembling intimidated Luo Feng.

“We’re here.” Sitting Mountain Guest stood up. He waved his right hand, and everywhere around him turned transparent. The mountain didn’t block anything anymore.

Luo Feng looked out, and he could see the glowing outside. The wind was already gone, and the lava stopped. In front of the fight between universe supreme masters, the energies carried in Universe Boat were apparently weak. The ripples made Luo Feng tremble.

“I can only feel the vibration after arriving here, yet teacher senses it in that mysterious space.” Luo Feng now knew that how weak he was compared to universe supreme masters.

He stopped thinking. He wanted to figure out whether Huge Axe Creator was there or not.

“Yi?” Sitting Mountain Guest was surprised. “One side had the third true master and the sixth true master from Divine Eye clan, and the other side… It’s Brilliant Gold.”

“Brilliant Gold?”

Luo Feng had heard of him before. Brilliant Gold, a universe supreme master, was called “Brilliant Gold Devil God,” also known as “Brilliant Gold Devil Child.” He was a great being from one of the seven pinnacle races of the second universe era, the Dream-eclipsing clan. His life form changed under some special circumstances; he turned in the shape of a child that looked like being sculpted by gold. He had 13 arms, and he had 13 bodies! The Dream-eclipsing clan only had one universe supreme master, yet the Dream-eclipsing clan was still a pinnacle race from the second universe era with the power of Brilliant Gold Devil Child.

“It’s Brilliant Gold?” Luo Feng relieved. “Good, it’s not Huge Axe.”

He was afraid that Huge Axe might get hurt if he fought the Divine Eye clan because of him.

Luo Feng looked to them. In the distance, space and time were twisted, and countless meteors flew across the sky. At the center was a giant strange beast that looked like an octopus! It had 13 antennae, the strange beast appeared to be made of weapons. The 13 antennae annihilated everything.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Countless meteors hit that strange beast. The 13 antennae were splashing all the meteors. There were two beams of light, both a million kilometers long, and the two beams stabbed the strange beast time and time again.

“Brilliant Gold Devil God,” Luo Feng murmured. “The third true master and the sixth true master.”

They were all renowned beings with famous true treasures.

Brilliant Gold Devil God was performing Brilliant Gold Beast, which was only second to supreme true treasures and could rival Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor! However, it was obvious that the power was much stronger under Brilliant Gold Devil God.

The third true master was named Star True Master, and he was performing endless meteors. It was a domain type supreme true treasure! It was named Star Kingdom.

The sixth true master was named Green Eye True Master, and the two green lights he used were soul type supreme true treasures! It was named Green Eye Light.

“Teacher, this Brilliant Gold Devil God isn’t using a supreme true treasure, yet he’s able to resist the third and the sixth true master,” said Luo Feng.

“No.” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head and smiled. “First of all, Brilliant Gold only seems to be performing only Brilliant Gold Beast, yet there’s a palace type supreme true treasure in his body! Which Brilliant Gold is able to resist easily. Third true master and sixth true master didn’t use all their power either. Star True Master is only using a domain type true treasure. Sixth true master is the one doing the attacks. Besides, you should know that the third true master has two supreme true treasures.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Right. Both Brilliant Gold Devil God and the sixth true master had one supreme true treasure each! Yet the third true master had two supreme true treasures! This astounded Luo Feng. In the original universe, some universe supreme masters didn’t even have supreme true treasures. However, those universe supreme masters from the first universe era and the second universe era had a higher chance to have supreme true treasures.

“They both know that Brilliant Gold Devil God has a palace type supreme true treasure, so they know that they won’t be able to injure him no matter what they do, which is why they’re not using all their power,” Sitting Mountain Guest explained. “Brilliant Gold Devil God just doesn’t want to be hit like that, so he uses Brilliant Gold Beast to resist it… What is strange is that those two true masters know they can’t kill Brilliant Gold Devil God. Why haven’t they given up yet? They might be transmitting their voices. Let me see.”

Hong!

A blurry, black light permeated from the cyan mountain, and it hit the battlefield.

“Sitting Mountain Guest! Are you trying to interfere?” said an angry voice, and Luo Feng was able to sense it under the guidance of Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Are you going to join, Sitting Mountain Guest?” said another voice.

“Sixth true master, I’m just curious,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Why are you attacking Brilliant Gold when you know that Brilliant Gold has a palace type supreme true treasure. Why aren’t you giving up?” Sitting Mountain laughed. “I’m not going to join, as I don’t like to fight. It’s okay for me to watch. You still haven’t answered my question.”

“Humph! This Brilliant Gold has Extermination Godly Armor and the silver wing. How can we let him go if he doesn’t hand us the valuables?”

“That’s right. We can’t kill him, but two more true masters from Divine Eye clan are on their way. Even if he has a supreme palace type true treasure, we can seal him!”

“Green Eye, Star!” said a high voice. “You guys are being preposterous! Extermination Godly Armor and the silver wing are in the abyss, and I said I have them because you guys disturbed me for blocking my way and asking me questions without any manners. However, I don’t have that Extermination Godly Armor, and neither do I have the silver wing! What else can I do to make you believe it?”

“Do you really think we’ll believe in you?” the sixth true master yelled.

“Just because I’m here, I have the true treasures?” said the high voice. “Sitting Mountain Guest is there. Perhaps he has them.”

“Do you really believe I have them?” said Sitting Mountain Guest.


Chapter 1204: Huge Axe, the Fight among Supreme Masters

“Sitting Mountain Guest, you’re a top master to make true masters even in Universe Ocean. Why do you need those silver wings and Extermination Godly Armor? You can make them yourself.” The third true master sounded relaxed and casual. “Besides, you’re a lone supreme master. Why would you even want this? Instead, Brilliant Golden is carrying an entire race, and it’s highly likely that he did it.”

Sitting Mountain Guest smiled.

However, Brilliant Golden Devil God was furious.

“I’ve told you I didn’t, but neither of you believes me!” The voice got higher. “I won’t try to persuade you if you don’t. Do you really think I’m scared of you? Do you really think I’ll be scared of the Divine Eye clan? Just come and seal me! Haha! Just come. Everyone knows how impressive it is when all you seven true masters cooperate with each other, and I do believe you have the skills to seal me. However, you can only seal me until the end of this universe era!”

“After this era, you’ll all die.”

“However, I’ll be reborn safely! As for my race, they’ll all be living in my small universe, and they’ll all be safe.” Brilliant Golden Devil Master obviously looked mad. Universe supreme masters were extremely proud, and there was no way that they wouldn’t be furious as they were bullied like this.

“It doesn’t matter how you’re trying to get away,” said the sixth true master coldly.

Suddenly, all the stars started to hit Brilliant Golden Beast! With the two green lights, Brilliant Golden Devil God needed to try his best to get out of the abyss. If he was attacked by Star Kingdom, he wouldn’t be able to make it.

They kept fighting each other.

“Teacher, Brilliant Gold didn’t seize the valuable, yet the Divine Eye clan…” Luo Feng frowned.

“Humph.” Sitting Mountain Guest snorted. “Do you really think the Divine Eye clan came here for the true treasures? They’re not even supreme true treasures. Do you really think they mean that much to the clan? They’re just using the valuables as an excuse not to let Brilliant Gold run away! And their real purpose is to fight Brilliant Gold to show their majesty!”

A phrase came into Luo Feng’s mind. “Kill the chicken to scare the monkeys?”

“Those from the first universe era are facing the ultimate death,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Do you really think the Divine Eye clan will just let themselves die like that, given their power? They’ll definitely struggle, and this is only the start of it.”

Luo Feng kept thinking.

Struggling?

“Are we going to wait here, teacher?” Luo Feng was hesitant. “They might fight for a long time. The other two true masters might arrive, and there will be four true masters.”

“Wait, of course,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “We need to wait. How can we miss something like this?”

Luo Feng was afraid that the four true masters might attack Sitting Mountain Guest. However, Sitting Mountain Guest was very wise, so he was able to predict as much. Luo Feng stopped talking.

In the ninth abyss.

“Such strong ripples.”

The towering gigantic axe was moving forward swiftly. Huge Axe Creator had sensed the ripple a long time ago, yet he avoided being found. He was approaching at a speed 100 times faster than light.

“It must be universe supreme masters fighting each other.”

Although he was not afraid of fighting them, he didn’t want to dash there recklessly.

Time flew. The two true masters were encircling Brilliant Golden Devil God while Sitting Mountain Guest stood aside and watched the fight.

“Who’s there? Come out!” A voice came from the third true master, Star True Master.

The voice was rumbling and spreading everywhere, and it was passed to Sitting Mountain Guest and Luo Feng through the domain performed by Sitting Mountain Guest.

He looked out and smiled. “Another great being has come. Interesting, interesting.”

Hua!

The force made the stars bounce away, and a towering axe flew in. “Star True Master, you’re indeed impressive. I heard that the first true master is the most powerful true master in the Divine Eye clan, and you are the second strongest one and the best in domain. This is the first time we have met, yet you can notice me. Impressive, indeed.”

“Huge Axe!” yelled the sixth true master.

“Huge Axe?” The third true master sounded cold. “Glad you came.”

“Hahaha! Huge Axe is here, too.” Brilliant Gold Devil God grinned.

Sitting Mountain Guest smiled also. “Interesting, interesting.”

Five universe supreme masters were here, and the other four looked happy that Huge Axe was here, yet Luo Feng was anxious.

“Why is Huge Axe Creator here? Is it because of me? Those two true masters are incredibly powerful, and they are fighting with each other. That Brilliant Gold has a palace type supreme true treasure. Huge Axe Creator won’t be able to hold for long.”

Luo Feng was quite worried. Huge Axe was the true pillar of the human race! The only true pillar! Teacher Origin was suppressed forever and couldn’t get out. Luo Feng would never forgive himself if something bad happened to Huge Axe.

The third true master and the sixth true master were indeed very happy. They were about to attack Brilliant Golden Devil God, yet Brilliant Golden Devil God wasn’t easy to deal with; he had that “Black-Stoned Godly Palace.” Even though they saw Sitting Mountain Guest, he was more difficult to deal with, which was why they said directly that Sitting Mountain Guest didn’t need the true treasures. They needed to pick those who were weak to deal with, and to them, Huge Axe Creator was easier to deal with, as they thought he didn’t have a supreme true treasure.

“Hahaha! Huge Axe!” The voice of the third true master traveled through the space and time. “The two true treasures fall into the ninth abyss, and only you humans, we of the Divine Eye clan, and the Purple Moon Holy Land know about it! I should have guessed that you, Huge Axe, have the two valuables! We hadn’t found you, so we thought it was Brilliant Gold Devil God.”

“I don’t have them,” said Huge Axe Creator.

“Do you really think we’ll just believe you?” said the third true master. “You, humans from the original universe, dare to go against us, the Divine Eye clan. You humans deserve to die for seizing the valuables—and for that Luo Feng killing Five Chaos!”

The eyes of Huge Axe Creator glinted coldly. “Deserve to die?”

“If you die, the humans from the original universe will die out also!” said the third true master coldly. “I’ll kill you, and then we’ll see who will dare come up against us, the Divine Eye clan, in the future.”

Luo Feng—seated in Sitting Mountain—was furious. Five Chaos had tried to kill him first, but he couldn’t return the favor? Besides, that Divine Eye clan wanted to show their power and used the seemingly weak humans to do so.

Luo Feng turned to Sitting Mountain Guest and said, “Teacher, teacher, Huge Axe Creator is the only pillar of our human race. He can’t die. Please, teacher, help him.”

Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “I only care about you. As for the humans? That’s none of my business.”

Luo Feng was dazed.

“Just watch,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “It’s not easy for universe supreme masters to die.”

The two true masters were encircling Brilliant Golden Devil God, yet they tried to kill Huge Axe Creator.

“Haha, you tried to seal me before, yet you want to kill Huge Axe. Haha…” Brilliant Golden Devil God’s voice was filled with contempt. “Do you really think you can do it with me here? Huge Axe, let’s fight with each other and teach this Divine Eye clan a lesson… We’ll let them know it’s not easy to deal with universe supreme masters.”

“Sure.” Huge Axe Creator was holding a huge, black axe, and the black light covered his body, forming armor.

Dong! Dong! Dong!

The sounds resounded loud enough to shake one’s heart. All the stars stopped moving.

A blurry, glowing figure appeared. He had a smile on his face and looked merciful. All the stars stopped, and at this moment, the man with an indistinct smile looked like the only true god in space and time.

“An idea ignites, and the eternal kingdom!”

Peng!

A star cracked, and it turned into a strange beast with four hoofs and one horn.

Peng!

Another star cracked, and it turned into a strange beast with two heads.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

All the stars cracked, and billions of strange beasts showed up. They all groveled toward that blurry man and made hoarse voices. The suppression completely condensed the space.

Luo Feng was able to feel that pressure in the green mountain, and he recalled what he had seen in the mysterious space—the supreme technique “Devil Swish,” where trillions of lives groveled. The scene in front of him looked like that, although it was elementary.

“The Divine Eye clan received the complete ancient inheritance before, so the fighting method they used was the fighting method of that great civilization,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “It looked like the one you saw before. No wonder the third true master is the second strongest true master! This technique is impressive enough. That suppression will largely slow Brilliant Gold down so that he can’t cooperate with Huge Axe.”

“Ah! Ah! Ah—!”

Brilliant Gold was struggling. He tried to fly, but he was extremely slow. He yelled, “Huge Axe, the suppression is too terrific! That might be the ancient inheritance the Divine Eye clan got. Be careful.”

Huge Axe held the black godly axe. “Okay,” he said.

However, that floating, blurry figure was chuckling. “Huge Axe, this is the second time I have used all my strength. The last time was when seven true masters cooperate to kill Kong Luo from the second universe era. Without a supreme true treasure, you will be dead!”

One couldn’t identify a supreme true treasure if it wasn’t performed.

“Green Eye True Master!” said the blurry figure. “Attack!”

“Good,” said the sixth true master.

The blurry figure smiled and whispered, “Eternal kingdom, divided are billions of star beasts, and eternal true god when combined!”

Strange musical sounds penetrated people’s souls, and the two green lights glowed. It came from the supreme true treasure belonging to Green Eye True Master. Complex engravings showed up on the two green lights, and billions of lights shot from the strange beast transformed out of the stars.

“True god! True god! True god!” Billions of strange beasts roared, and they went toward that godly light.

Billions of stars formed the strange beast. The green godly light was the soul. The ancient technique was the center…

They formed a strange, towering beast with nine giant heads, 36 pairs of wings, 108 pairs of hoofs, and nine tails. The operation law went away under that space, and the force from the strange beast was stronger than all the universe supreme masters.

Silent!

It was silent!

Brilliant Golden Devil God stopped struggling, while Huge Axe Creator gazed at that towering beast. Luo Feng was a bit anxious, and Sitting Mountain Guest looked surprised.

“Eternal True God.” The third true master pointed at Huge Axe Creator. “Kill him.”


Chapter 1205: Huge Axe Creator’s Axe

The nine large heads of Eternal True God, be they hideous, ice-cold, roaring, menacing or growling… Every single pair of eyes was looking up at the surrounding void space in all random directions. Whatever the eyes rested on, time and space in the universe would be completely frozen. Even the power of a universe supreme master was unable to cause the frozen space to break apart.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Eternal True God walked about the void space. Every step he took made the entire void space tremble with loud bangs. The sound made by 108 pairs of clawed hooves trampling on void space was entirely synchronized. There was total silence. Not a single universe supreme master made a move. Even Huge Axe Creator, who was holding his Godly Axe, was waiting silently.

Sixth True Master transmitted his voice over to Third True Master. “Huge Axe is merely a kid from the third reincarnation era. His stint as a universe supreme master is still quite short. If the two of us join hands, we are bound to annihilate him.”

Third True Master jested as he watched on. “He doesn’t even have a single supreme true treasure, it is certainly quite possible to annihilate him within one strike.”

In all of history, the times when universe supreme masters who had faced annihilation because of fighting and killing were extremely few. Yet Third True Master and Sixth True Master saw the possibility of killing Huge Axe.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Eternal God Master had such a large godly body that it might seem as though he was trampling on the void space slowly. In actuality, his speed had already exceeded 100 times the speed of light, and the universe laws no longer had any influence over him. Very quickly, and most majestically, he appeared before Huge Axe Creator.

“Ya!” With a piercing yelp that could impact a soul, Eternal True God erupted instantly, baring its sharp fangs and hooking its clawed hooves. It charged at Huge Axe Creator recklessly, claws digging into the earth.

Pa!

Wherever he passed, the frozen space would immediately crack and break apart, threatening to charge over to envelop Huge Axe Creator.

Peng!

Following a crisp bang, Huge Axe Creator was sent flying backward with both hands still holding his Godly Axe.

“You are able to ward off my attacks. You must have some skill after all.” From afar, that hazy and light-radiating shadow of Third True Master watched and smiled. Then he commented, “But luck only comes this once. The next time, you shall…”

“Truly worthy to be a member of the Divine Eye clan!”

Huge Axe Creator finally came to a halt, sent flying quite a distance away. Under his messy hair was a pair of eyes filled with battle rage. He laughed out loud and said, “Formidable. This beast true god has such a strong soul attack. I decided not to consult any background information this once, so I have given this beast true god a chance to gain the upper hand. However, being at the winning position… just this once.”

His voice so coarse yet straightforward, and it shocked everyone.

“Third True Master and Sixth True Master are going to join forces, and he is not intimidated?” said Sitting Mountain Guest in shock, watching the battle from afar.

Luo Feng relaxed a little, though. If he could make such remarks, it seemed that Huge Axe Creator was not in danger.

However, Third True Master and Sixth True Master were furious.

“What arrogance!” Sixth True Master shouted furiously. “So, starting from now, you are going to suppress us?”

The shadow figure that was emitting hazy light let out a cold laugh. “I, Star True Master, have roamed the length of Universe Ocean. Those who dared to show me such insolence were few! Furthermore, Sixth True Master and I are joining forces against you. You actually say you want to suppress us both… Haha…! A joke! What a joke!”

Eternal True God’s nine heads let out angry roars of their own, and once again charged toward Huge Axe Creator to surround him.

For afar, the wild giant with his messy hair let out a loud, rumbling roar, “Twelfth!”

Hua!

The Godly Axe was raised.

Suddenly, in the space surrounding the wild giant, many huge axe shadows emerged. Every one of them was as wide as a trillion kilometers—as though they were as big as a world! There was a total of 12 huge axe shadows, dispersed in all directions, and beneath these 12 shadows, every spot that had been suppressed started to break open with loud cracking sounds.

At that moment, the 12 huge axe shadows each spanned a trillion kilometers. In the vast space above, Huge Axe Creator, who was standing with his Godly Axe raised, seemed as though he was the core of the universe! And with a wave of his right arm, he made a powerful slash at the space before him. Godly Axe was wielded!

At that moment, 12 huge axe shadows speedily gathered and fused with the Godly Axe, which in turn emitted an immeasurably dazzling black ray.

Eternal True God’s clawed hooves trampled forward, too.

Hong!

The entire space trembled. Huge Axe Creator took a step back to regain stability, but Eternal True Master’s 108 pairs of clawed hooves retreated with three continuous steps.

Total silence.

Even Brilliant Gold Devil God and Sitting Mountain Guest were shocked. Third True Master and Sixth True Master were in total disbelief.

“Your Godly Axe is a supreme true treasure! A supreme true treasure!” Sixth True Master suddenly let out a furious roar. “You actually have a supreme true treasure!”

Huge Axe Creator stood in space with his hair in disarray, yet his face harbored a look of absolute dominance. “Just got it not too long ago,” he said. “You are the guinea pigs for my new axe. Your Eternal True God may be formidable, but compared to my axe… it has a long way to go.”

Instead, that hazy shadow of Third True Master said slowly, “You have your supreme true treasure, but by right, you should not be able to suppress Eternal True God. Eternal True God is the combined power of Sixth True Master’s and mine; it was created according to the combined power of two supreme true treasures, added to the comprehension of ancient inheritance to finally create this technique. How could you possibly gain the upper hand…? The accomplishment of your axe is impressive. Impressive… You are a worthy opponent for Sixth True Master and I to put in our best.”

“Your best? Oh, you mean that was not your full force?” said Huge Axe Creator. “Come on. I have yet to show my full power, too!” Huge Axe Creator laughed, and his laughter shook the entire void space.

“Jade eyes,” Third True Master commanded. “Release.”

“All right, we shall let this Huge Axe have a taste of our power!” said Sixth True Master.

Sixth True Master was in a total rage. This was now a battle of pride. If their combined power still failed to suppress a single Huge Axe Creator, and they were still trampled by him… they would be considered nothing but a great joke.

At that moment—

That gigantic Eternal True God started to emit hazy, jade-green rays. Countless jade rays started to gather into diagrams of secret engravings. The entirety of Eternal True God started to transform, and two streams of purple light emerged to speedily fly into Eternal True God’s body.

Eternal True God was transforming rapidly.

Luo Feng was watching from afar. When he saw the two streams of purple light emerging, he was momentarily shocked. “It’s Star Hand.”

Third True Master was also known as Star True Master. He had two supreme true treasures. One was Star Kingdom, the other was Star Hand. Of course, what the original names of these two supreme true treasures were, the outside world did not know… Star Kingdom and Star Hand were what Third True Master called them, so they were spread out to the masses as such.

“Third True Master’s two supreme true treasures and Sixth True Master’s supreme true treasures are all being used,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Seems like they are really going all out!”

Sitting Mountain Guest put his wine-glass down. Now the battle had his undivided attention.

Star True Master grew another pair of hind clawed hooves that were extremely thick and huge. It could stand upright all by itself! The originally dense, numerous clawed hooves fused and gathered to transform into only 18 sharp claws. The nine heads now had a pair of sharp claws each, as though there was a combined body of nine great fierce gods.

Roar! Roar!

Nine heads of Eternal True God let out crazy roars. Their 18 arms were unbelievably sharp and wore a layer of purple armor.

“Three great supreme true treasures!”

“With us both joining forces, along with the combination of our secret techniques, I don’t believe you cannot be subdued!” Third True Master’s voice was icy cold.

Far away, Huge Axe Creator saw Eternal True Master’s was getting more intimidating as time passed. All he shouted was, “13th!”

Then he raised his Godly Axe.

Hua!

In the endless space, a 13th huge axe appeared. Every huge axe shadow was like a world of its own, but this one was so massive that it could reach out to where Third True Master, Sixth True Master, and Sitting Mountain Guest were… But this shadow seemed to be in another dimension.

With a wave, the Godly Axe made a move and hacked!

In the face of the purple fists, claws, and palms bombarding him… Huge Axe Creator welcomed them all!

Peng!

An instantaneous exchange of blows got Huge Axe Creator to make a hasty retreat, Eternal True God was apparently gaining the upper hand. This made Third True Master and Sixth True Master ease up instantly.

“Impressive. Now take a look at my 14th huge axe!” Huge Axe Creator raised his Godly Axe right away.

“What, there is a 14th?”

“How is that possible…?”

Third True Master and Sixth True Master were a little caught by surprise.

When the 14th huge axe shadow appeared, it was as though a puzzle was being put together. The pieces came together, as though covering space, causing the endless space to fall into pitch darkness!

No light at all. It was pitch black!

Following closely, a loud bang was heard. Then everything in space resumed normalcy. At that moment, Eternal True God was tossing and turning backward into the distance.

Huge Axe Creator, with his hair as messy as ever, said in his deafening voice, “My 14th axe cannot even destroy Eternal True God. My 15th Axe… has just been created. Let Eternal True God try to take it on then!”

Huge Axe Creator’s command sounded: “15th!”

The endless space darkened again, but within the next instant, amidst the endless darkness… a huge axe shadow glowing with light rays appeared. The strange thing was, this huge axe shadow made every great being present—even the weakest one, Luo Feng—feel as though they were in another world.

“He… He had made it there…” Sitting Mountain Guest jumped up from where he was seated on his green mountain peak. His eyes were filled with shock. “Teacher Origin, Huge Axe… Human… The potential of the human race is truly…”

Even Luo Feng was shaken to the core. The huge axe shadow that was glowing in that endless darkness was so magical. It was as though they were all in another world. Luo Feng was deeply shaken by this strange feeling; he even felt that this huge axe might be able to exterminate an entire universe! Of course, Luo Feng was aware that this was only a misconception, but this misplaced feeling was simply overpowering.

“He…” Brilliant Gold Devil God was too shocked to react as well. Soundlessly! With one axe!

Everything resumed normalcy in that endless space, but Eternal True God was completely shattered and collapsed apart, thereafter transforming into countless stars, two streams of jade-green light, and a pair of purple arm guards.

“He—he actually separated the three supreme treasures,” said Sixth True Master, stunned beyond reaction.

“Being able to dismantle Eternal True God… He—he… Huge Axe… Could it be that Huge Axe was also a Teacher Origin?” Third True Master speculated with shudders in his heart.

He had exchanged blows with Teacher Origin before, and back then, he was utterly defeated and fled in fear. Before Teacher Origin, there was a feeling of powerlessness. At this moment, the same feeling was creeping up on him. Back then, when Teacher Origin was eternally suppressed by the primal universe, many universe supreme masters had secretly rejoiced.

The other universe supreme masters had all fallen into a state of great shock. Everyone was going through complex emotions, with many thoughts rising in their minds. Only Luo Feng, who—although he was equally shocked and emotional—said to himself, “I have never seen Huge Axe Creator in action. I did not expect Huge Axe Creator to be so powerful. This is a great blessing for the human race!”


Chapter 1206: Bowing in Submission

“I have always lacked a suitable supreme true treasure, always lacking one!” Huge Axe Creator stood amidst the void space, grasping his godly axe as he looked into the distance. “As I don’t have a supreme true treasure with me, I have always maintained a low profile, worried that if I stood out too much because of my outstanding ability, I would bring disaster to my human race. Teacher Origin bestowed me with great kindness and chose eternal suppression in the hope that I would lead our human race well. Third True Master, Sixth True Master, do the both of you know… what angers me the most?”

Huge Axe Creator’s eyes were ablaze as two rays of light, which seemed to materialize into blades, slashed across the length of the sky. With an angry roar, he voiced his rage. “The answer is: you wanting to destroy my human race!”

“Destroy the race! Exterminate all!” he shouted. “Just you, Divine Eye clan—so arrogant that you think you can destroy my human race? When Teacher Origin was around, did you all dare make a single utterance? Today, I shall let you all know! The consequence of trying to destroy my human race!” Huge Axe Creator’s voice bellowed. His hand was already grasping his godly axe. With a roar, he shouted, “The fifteenth!”

Third True Master and Sixth True Master were angry yet shocked. They could not be bothered with anything else. Right away, they took off, escaping for dear life.

“Leave quickly!”

“Go!”

But with one strike of his axe…

Vast darkness befell, as though there was a huge axe shadow glowing with a dazzling light within the void space. Then the shadow merged with the godly axe, and soundlessly, it slashed at Third True Master and Sixth True Master.

Hong! Hua!

Numerous stars clustered in the way were sent scattered all over the place.

“Hurry! The stars! Stop him quickly.” Sixth True Master was panicking and flustered.

Third True Master, on the other hand, shouted angrily, “His attacks can dissemble Eternal True God, which is a combination of three supreme true treasures. How can my domain type supreme true treasure alone be enough to entrap him? It will not even be enough to slow him down. Quick! We should quickly escape for now. Discussion later!”

“There is no escape for you!”

A huge axe came flying through the air at high speed. It was hot on their heels.

Its speed was continuously soaring, from 1,000 times the of light speed to 10,000 times of light speed… The rate at which its speed was soaring was extremely fast, and the shadow that was encircling the flying axe indulged itself in sweeping up everything in its way, causing the numerous stars that had become meteors upon being attacked to be smashed and scattered instantly. Such an imposing domain type true treasure was simply not strong enough to restrain Huge Axe Creator.

“Hurry, hurry, hurry!”

A palace flew toward them at high speed. It was merely a pinnacle true treasure, but what Huge Axe Creator used to carve his way forward was a supreme true treasure godly axe; when coupled with his own power, which was very strong to begin with, how much faster could his speed get?

“He is closing in on us.”

“Not good.”

Traveling at more than 10,000 times light speed, Huge Axe Creator caught up in the blink of an eye.

“Hiding inside your palace? Then I shall seal it up.”

Huge Axe Creator stretched out his right hand, which suddenly expanded to a huge palm as extensive as one million kilometers. Every finger on that huge palm had an axe-head shadow encircling it, causing the surroundings to fall into a blanket of strange darkness.

“Let’s split up!”

“Hiding within the palace, there is no way we can put up any resistance. Even Eternal True God cannot ward off his attacks. This pinnacle true treasure palace… Once caught, we will be stuck in here with no power to resist. Then, I fear, we will be thrown into his suppressing type palace and be subjected to his suppression.”

“Blue Eye, you are not powerful enough. Not his match! Hurry and enter my palace!”

“Coming!”

If the opponent had a suppressing type treasure and was someone much more powerful, it was simply pointless to withdraw into passive defense.

Hua! Hua!

That palace vanished into thin air.

A man showered in purple light stood amidst the void space. He wore a suit of purple armor and was looking at Huge Axe Creator. Angrily, he shouted, “Huge Axe, we have already decided to escape. Why are you still giving chase so relentlessly? If it was just Sixth True Master before you, there is indeed the risk of annihilation. But my stars… Even if they are not as powerful as yours, they are in no danger of annihilation.”

Huge Axe Creator did not beat about the bush. “Hand over the three pinnacle palace type true treasures of this level, and all enmity between your Divine Eye Clan and my human race will be put to an end! Otherwise… my axe technique will have one less competent opponent to train and hone itself against for further improvement.”

Third True Master’s terrible expression was visible even though he was wearing his purple armor, and he kept quiet for a long while.

“All right then! Divine Eye clan shall pay you due respect and give you three true treasures,” Third True Master decided. “One pinnacle domain type true treasure, one pinnacle palace type true treasure, and one pinnacle soul illusion type true treasure.”

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Three streams of light flew toward Huge Axe Creator. With arms outstretched, Huge Axe Creator grabbed hold of the three true treasures and took a look before putting them away.

Sou!

Third True Master quickly transformed into light and departed at the fastest speed possible.

From afar, there was Brilliant Gold Devil God; within the cyan stone peak, there was Sitting Mountain Guest and Luo Feng, all of whom were a little startled.

The formidable Divine Eye clan always carried an imposing air of vigor. No one could have expected Huge Axe Creator to be so powerful to the extent of forcing two true masters of the formidable Divine Eye clan to bow in submission and hand over three pinnacle superior true treasures.

A child-like voice, crisp and clear, was transmitted from Brilliant Gold Devil God. “Congratulations, Huge Axe! Humans from the primal universe are indeed impressive. Teacher Origin was impressive. Huge Axe, you are also very impressive. Haha! Now, with a supreme true treasure in hand, Huge Axe, you have become so powerful.”

“Haha… Brilliant Gold, please keep this news to yourself for now,” Huge Axe Creator said from afar.

“Do not spread the news? Tsk tsk… Divine Eye clan has suffered a great loss. If news is not leaked out, I’m afraid they will not proactively spread the news. I think they can’t wait for the other groups of powers to also suffer the same loss. Huge Axe, how cunning of you. All right, I will make sure that the news does not spread from me.” Brilliant Gold Devil God laughed in his clear and crisp voice.

Huge Axe Creator turned his head in another direction and said to another faraway figure, “Sitting Mountain Guest, please do not spread this news either.”

“Of course not,” Sitting Mountain Guest transmitted his reply.

Huge Axe Creator made small nods and then his figure blurred as he transformed into a huge axe and scraped through the sky with his speedy departure.

Brilliant Gold Devil God bade Sitting Mountain Guest farewell and took his leave, too. Then the cyan stone peak also flew toward the exit of Deep Abyss.

Within the deep abyss, the cyan stone peak was advancing at high speed.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng was still running high on emotions, and also, he had many unresolved doubts. First, he poured Sitting Mountain Guest some wine, then asked, “Huge Axe Creator of our human race is quite impressive. So impressive that he could kill other universe supreme masters?”

“Haha… of course he can!” Sitting Mountain Guest replied from where he was seated. With his wine glass in his hand, he smiled. “Way back then, Teacher Origin dominated Universe Ocean. Throughout the three reincarnation eras and two holy land universes, no one dared provoke him. Upon seeing him from afar, the other universe supreme masters would take off right away! From how you see it, if it was just him gaining the upper hand, would it be enough to make the other universe supreme beings behave like that?”

Realization dawned upon Luo Feng. Yes, if there was nothing life-threatening, Teacher Origin would not be so fearsome as to instill such fear in the other universe supreme beings.

“Huge Axe’s power may still be a little lacking compared to Teacher Origin’s power back then, but it is already very close.” Sitting Mountain Guest sighed.

Luo Feng continued persistently asking questions. “Can Huge Axe Creator kill Third True Master?”

“No, he can’t,” Sitting Mountain Guest answered directly. “Third True Master has two supreme true treasures that he takes everywhere he goes. His ability is ranked second out of the seven true masters. Huge Axe may be able to suppress and deal Third True Master with heavy blows… but he cannot kill him! Sixth True Master, on the other hand, is weaker with only one soul attack type supreme true treasure. If he is confronted by Huge Axe, there is a possibility he might be killed.”

“Since he cannot be killed, why would Third True Master how in submission?” Luo Feng continued to ask.

“Haha…” Sitting Mountain Guest laughed out loud. “Of course he has to; Huge Axe has been hiding his true power and has yet to show an actual outburst. His normal power is already so potent that the outburst this time around will likely spark a series of outbursts as he starts to fight against other great beings. Previously, there wasn’t any other great being of such a high level to fight against him to allow him to hone and steel himself, yet he was already this powerful. Once he starts to fight against other universe supreme masters, his skills will definitely be pushed toward further improvement. He just needs to advance one more step… Then he will be another Teacher Origin! If that is the case, then now, Third True Master is right in bowing to submission earlier—so that he will not be putting himself at a disadvantage later.”

Another realization dawned upon Luo Feng.

True. He had never executed that kind of axe technique before, yet he had achieved such a high level of cultivation. Once he started actual battles to hone this skill of his, the possibility of progression to the next level was high.

“If that is the case, why did he only ask for three pinnacle superior true treasures?” Luo Feng was confused. “This is nothing to the Divine Eye clan at all.”

“Haha. How do you perceive the Divine Eye clan?” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “That is a very powerful group from the first reincarnation era! Comparable to the two holy land universes! Even Third True Master was able to resist Huge Axe, albeit with much difficulty… If his opponent were First True Master, then even if Huge Axe improved his ability and power, the most he could achieve would be suppression of First True Master. Previously, when First True Master was in a confrontation with Teacher Origin, he was able to survive all of Teacher Origin’s attacks. If the seven true masters all joined forces, that would be even more terrifying.

“Humph! Furthermore, the Divine Eye Clan is nearing its doomsday. The seven true masters will surely feel an insane amount of pressure… If you really come to face a member of the Divine Eye Clan, even the power of one will be intimidating enough. How is it possible for the human race to fight and win against the Divine Eye Clan? I’m afraid other universe masters do not even dare to enter Universe Ocean anymore.

“This is a way of ending the bad blood once and for all. It is a way of gaining some benefits without making the Divine Eye Clan feel the pinch. The Divine Eye Clan does not dare to provoke Huge Axe! On the other hand, for the future of our human race, Huge Axe is unwilling to declare war on the Divine Eye Clan…. That explains why we have come to this stage.”

Luo Feng nodded slightly.

True. Huge Axe of the human race was indeed impressive, but the other universe masters were weak. If there was war declared upon the human race, for their own safety, they would be highly resistant when expected to enter Universe Ocean. And if they did not dare to enter Universe Ocean to roam and seek opportunities to hone their skills, it would become very difficult for the human race to cultivate the birth of a third universe supreme master.

“Among the universe supreme masters, the difference in ability can be so vast.” Luo Feng sighed.

Sitting Mountain Guest voiced his speculation. “In fact, it is just Teacher Origin, who is a more perversely unique individual; from how I see it, Huge Axe likely received Teacher Origin’s guidance, which is why he can be so strong. Otherwise, solely based on their own ability to comprehend, it would be quite impossible for both to be so formidable.”

“Teacher Origin?” Luo Feng nodded.

Although Teacher Origin was eternally suppressed, he continued to maintain contact with the human race; however, he might be in contact with a handful of humans like Huge Axe and Primal Chaos City Leader.

The cyan stone peak entered the region that was crazily swallowing everything in the surroundings. Luo Feng had been sucked in here by that gravitational force which was so strong—even much stronger that Huge Axe’s attacks. Now that he wanted to fly out from inside, he had to move in the opposite direction of that gravitational force.

Hua! Hua!

The cyan stone peak was revolving, and it created many arcs as it moved. It gradually inched its way forward and out of the deep abyss by moving in a circular motion.

“To go out, you have to resist part of the gravitational force, but you also have to borrow part of it,” Sitting Mountain Guest instructed. “You have to tap the strength of gravity to get out. If not, even a universe supreme master would not be able to get out! This is the only way out. It will be a slow journey. I’m afraid it will take at least a few months, so within these few months, I shall help you in completing the restoration of your Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor. Thereafter, you can continue on your way. Do what you need to do.”

“Yes, Teacher,” Luo Feng replied reverently.

After leaving this place, his next destination would, of course, be the space of the black-striped stone pillars, where he could hone his willpower. Besides, he had gained Five Chaos’s black token, so it was all the more urgent that he should head there!


Chapter 1207: Secret Engravings and Techniques

The power of the black hole of the Deep Abyss was endless.

The green mountain peak hovered in circles, then gradually advanced out. It was a bit like a sailboat borrowing the strength of reverse currents to propel itself forward in its intended direction, but billions of times more mysterious. After all, this gravitational force was much too strong even for a universe supreme master. No one would dare openly put up a resistance.

“Teacher is restoring Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor.” Luo Feng stood at the apex of the mountain peak and looked down at the vast land below. “And part of his consciousness is controlling this mountain peak…”

Loneliness… Luo Feng sat alone, feeling lonely as various thoughts came to his mind.

Earlier, when he was watching the Huge Axe Creator’s battle, all he could feel was the adrenaline rush as his excitement level got exceptionally high. Now that he had calmed down, he started to feel the distance between himself and a universe supreme master.

“In the primal universe, a universe supreme master is held down by extremely great suppression. In Universe Ocean, a universe supreme master is still under a certain amount of suppression. If there is no suppression at all, the distance between universe masters and universe supreme masters would be even greater.”

Luo Feng was aware that the suppression was completely over the top. In the primal universe, if there were no fights against the universe masters, then universe supreme masters would also be able to ensure that their orders, once given, were strictly enforced; they would also be more powerful than anything else under the sun. Even the universe origin laws would have to show due respect to them.

Yet the moment a fight happened with universe masters, everything would change!

The universe origin laws no longer drew back! On the contrary, they would exert stronger suppression, therefore making it impossible for universe supreme masters to ensure that their orders were strictly enforced. Universe masters were able to control time and space with regards to controlling domains, but universe supreme masters were in no way superior in this sense. Of course, the killing of Yuan Ao Master was carried out according to the wishes of the universe origin, which was why no universe supreme master had to undergo any suppression.

The force of godly power unleashed could be equivalent to the godly power of a universe master with a perfect life gene level. This was only a small aspect. There was also the limit on the strongest power —an upper limit restriction! This was an ultimate limit value laid down by the universe origin laws; the powers that universe supreme masters released could not exceed this restriction. Once exceeded, they would have to undergo suppression, just like how Virtual-Real Devil Master was previously bound by chains of the laws.

The ability to ensure that their orders, once given, were strictly enforced, would disappear! The ability to release their godly powers would be restricted! Even the strongest outburst of capability had an upper limit to adhere to!

And after killing a universe master, a universe supreme master had to be severely punished. His godly body would be badly injured! There were so many forms of suppression against universe supreme masters, which was why, in the primal universe, universe masters showed negligible fear for universe supreme masters! Universe masters who were slightly more powerful than their peers would show no fear of universe supreme masters at all.

Meanwhile, in Universe Ocean, things were not the same.

In Universe Ocean, there were many miniature universes, as well as the primal universe, scattered all about. The primal universe was massive, so the willpower of the primal universe origin remained the strongest. Even laws revolving around the vast Universe Ocean would be under its influence. Other regions of the Universe Ocean were considered external, so the power that the primal universe origin could exert over them was much weaker. Thus, the limits were also much weaker.

There were only two heavy restrictions. Firstly, when universe supreme masters fought with universe masters, revolving laws no longer drew back! Universe supreme masters would not be able to be certain that their orders would be strictly enforced!

Secondly, the strength of godly power would also be suppressed at the level of the perfect gene level of a universe master.

There were only two restrictions. By relying on their true treasures and secret techniques to determine how much power they wanted to unleash was up to the universe supreme masters to decide. There was no upper limit restriction at all. Upon killing a universe master, there would be no punishment either. Comparatively, the restrictions of Universe Ocean were less stringent and fewer than that of the primal universe, which was why, overall… universe supreme masters were all fearful and wary of the primal universe origin.

Luo Feng sat on the apex of the mountain peak, pondering the various relationships between universe supreme masters, the willpower of the primal universe, himself, and many others.

A voice was transmitted. “Luo Feng.”

“Teacher.” Luo Feng turned back and saw Sitting Mountain Guest. He immediately stood up. “Teacher, aren’t you restoring Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor?”

“I’m done restoring it,” Sitting Mountain Guest said with a wave.

A suit of black armor flew toward Luo Feng right away. Luo Feng was shocked and looked at Sitting Mountain Guest inquiringly.

“It…” said Luo Feng. “It has not even been two days.”

“A mere restoration process. How much effort do you think I will need?” Sitting Mountain Guest studied Luo Feng’s expression. “I saw you sitting over there, what’s on your mind?”

“I was thinking about the willpower of the primal universe origin!” Luo Feng replied. “Universe supreme masters! Universe masters, and… me.”

Sitting Mountain Guest was taken aback upon hearing Luo Feng’s reply. He remained silent.

After a long moment of silence, Sitting Mountain Guest sighed. His voice was filled with complex emotions as he continued. “Primal Universe origin. For one who has not become a universe supreme master, you will still be a child of the primal universe. It will take care of you. Once you become a universe supreme master… the miniature universe starts to break away from the primal universe to survive in Universe Ocean. That universe supreme master will then become a public enemy that everyone started to target.

“Suppression, suppression, always have been suppressed,” Sitting Mountain Guest lamented. “Reincarnation, reincarnation… During every reincarnation era, there will be the process of the primal universe being impregnated, giving birth, then destroying every single living being. Teacher Origin of the human race is indeed impressive. He could actually…”

“Actually what?” asked Luo Feng, unable to contain his curiosity.

Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “Stop asking. I thought you were able to enter the virtual universe anytime you wanted. If you are strong enough to get the attention of Teacher Origin, you will be able to converse with him formally. Then perhaps, he may tell you why he did whatever he did back then. I was also making some guesses here, which may not be accurate.”

Luo Feng was eager for information. Teacher Origin had dared to challenge the primal universe origin back then. If he had actually dared to, there must have been a goal he wanted to achieve. A goal that might be over the top. But even Primal Chaos City Leader Teacher had not mentioned this to him. Why would Teacher Origin defy the primal universe origin?

Sitting Mountain Guest laughed and looked at Luo Feng. “Don’t think too much. It is too far out of your reach. You should think more for yourself. That will be more than enough! When you become a universe master… with Star Tower, you can ignore the difference in level between you and a universe supreme master.”

Luo Feng shook his head. “Even if I become a universe master, in terms of secret techniques, I am still very far away from the level of a universe supreme master.”

He had seen Virtual-Real Devil Master and Teacher Origin fight, but that had been in the primal universe, so the force wasn’t that strong. But this time, the exchange of blows between Third True Master, Sixth True Master, and Huge Axe Creator really showed him how huge a difference in level he was from universe supreme masters.

“You are wrong.” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head.

“Huh?” Luo Feng looked at Teacher.

“Universe masters cannot create such powerful secret techniques, but the secret engravings on Star Tower represent a level of secret technique that is extremely high.” Sitting Mountain Guest laughed. “This is the precious part of a supreme true treasure. For instance, the first form of Star Tower, back when you have merely activated the first form, unleashing the power of Star Tower was insignificant. But when you activated the second form… that second level of secret engravings was a standard that miraculously matched the strongest secret technique of a universe master. You may not be able to create, but when merely activating, the difficulty level is reduced. The third level of secret engravings is comparable to the means of a universe supreme master. The fourth level of secret engravings is a grade of secret technique that only a top-notch being among all the universe supreme masters could create.”

Luo Feng nodded repeatedly. Right. Merely activating the secret engravings, compared to secret techniques of the same power, was certainly less demanding… Yet the power was, surprisingly, just as strong. Or, with a supreme true treasure as a medium, the power unleashed might be even stronger and more forceful.

“In Universe Ocean, there is a strength determination method,” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “Beginner-level universe masters’ life genes can only multiply in the hundreds, so they may not be able to create secret techniques. This is the ‘first level’ of universe masters. Ordinary level universe masters’ life genes multiply in the thousands. They can create ultimate secret techniques. This is the ‘second level.’ Above these, there are the ‘third level,’ the ‘fourth level,’ and—like Star River Master from the primal universe, your Teacher Primal Chaos City Leader, and the Five Chaos Master, who you dragged to his death—the ‘fifth level.’”

“A universe master who owns a supreme true treasure will be on the sixth level! That is also the highest level that a universe master can reach,” Sitting Mountain Guest said amidst laughter. “Why would owning a supreme true treasure make one a grade higher than Primal Chaos City Leader and Five Chaos Master? That’s because the secret engravings of a supreme true treasure represented a higher level of capability.”

Luo Feng listened intently. The six levels of categorizing universe masters… This was the first time he’d heard of them.

“A universe master at the sixth level is comparable to a universe supreme master without a supreme true treasure,” Sitting Mountain Guest said with a laugh. “Of course, for someone like Huge Axe Creator, even without a supreme true treasure, he can still be stronger than any sixth-level universe master. But I suspect that the 15th axe Huge Axe executed—the one that he said he had just created—my guess is that when he got that godly axe and observed the secret engravings etched on it. After comprehension, the activated secret engravings on that godly axe were the ones that unleashed that extremely powerful axe.”

Getting out of the Deep Abyss took close to three months’ time.

Sitting Mountain Guest also provided Luo Feng with guidance, especially on how to carefully comprehend Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor. Luo Feng then realized that Five Chaos Master’s Five Beasts Great Extermination was actually a move adapted from the third level secret engravings of Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor.

“It’s like how the simple yet intelligent locals are able to learn how to use stones and rods as weapons,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “The difference in intelligence is, therefore, dependent on how one knows how to utilize weapons. Universe masters, universe supreme masters… Their weapons are true treasures! Learning how to use these treasures to the extent of creating secret techniques, based on the secret engravings of the true treasures, is how some renowned figures become widely known across the universe. They all have treasures that identify them. Like you: Although you named yourself Milky Way Horde Leader, the outside world calls you Silver Wings Horde Leader.”

Luo Feng was aware of that as well.

He started to comprehend the secret engravings on Star Tower, Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, and Shi Wu Wings. Then he tried to create a suitable ultimate technique.

As for his body was sustained by his godly power in that secret, hidden space, it was comprehending the diagram of secret engravings of the ultimate lost knowledge left behind by the ancient existence that was more powerful than Teacher Origin and Huge Axe Creator. And also, comprehending the six major diagrams of secret engravings that Sitting Mountain Guest had left behind. All the diagrams were mutually supportive of one another, enabling Luo Feng’s rate of progress to set sail on an accelerated track.

He was able to comprehend all the other types like the defense-type secret engravings on Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor at an alarming rate. For the triple levels of attack-type secret engravings on the golden right arm, he was able to comprehend two levels speedily. He vaguely understood a great part of the third level, but it took him more time, comparatively, to finally understand it.

“The triple levels of secret engravings on Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor’s golden right arm is nothing compared to those of Star Tower, yet they are still able to match the power of a strongest ultimate technique created by a universe master. Once you are able to drive this, I think your achievement in the studies of diagrams of secret engravings will more or less reach the level of a universe master. All right, we are now out of the Deep Abyss. I will leave from here, and don’t ever let such a thing happen again.”

Luo Feng bowed and replied with much gratitude, “Yes, Teacher.”

Thereafter, from within the endless Frozen Lake Fire, a green mountain peak and a crimson palace (Star Tower had transformed its look with the use of Blood Cloud Pearl) departed and flew off in two different directions.


Chapter 1208: Cracking Gold and Silver Wing

The fight in the abyss was momentous. However, the Divine Eye clan didn’t spread the news that they had suffered in the fight, so the powers in Universe Ocean didn’t know that another being close to Teacher Origin had been born! As for where the silver wing true treasure and Extermination Godly Armor, it was a mystery.

Did a universe supreme master get the true treasures and hide them? It would be a total waste.

Luo Feng didn’t hear about the fighting records of Huge Axe Creator after that, which made sense, as only valuables or feuds would lead to fights.

In the abyss, in the mysterious space.

Luo Feng, wearing casual clothing, was walking on the island. He looked laid-back, yet his consciousness was studying the six pictures left by Sitting Mountain Guest. Sitting Mountain Guest only observed them for several days, yet the six pictures were already very complicated. That meant Luo Feng would be able to comprehend more if he became a universe supreme master.

“It’s an opportunity of a lifetime.”

“I have to comprehend them carefully so that I can accomplish more on the engraving picture path,” whispered Luo Feng. “The better I am on the engraving picture path, the easier it will be for me to do law comprehension.”

When he could reach the level of a universe master on the engraving picture path, he would be able to comprehend the law hundreds of times faster.

Time flew.

While the avatar of his godly body was practicing, Luo Feng was traveling through one dangerous place after another in Universe Boat and approaching the destination.

300 years passed.

In the first miniature universe of the Divine Eye clan, clouds floated through the breezy air. Five Chaos Master was on the second level of the godly palace, and he was sitting in front of the railing, looking at the endless ground.

“Five Chaos, Five Chaos.”

A shadow flew in from the distance and stopped.

Five Chaos Master smiled. “It’s An Yong.”

An Yong Master’s avatar stopped. There were seven miniature universes that belonged to the Divine Eye clan, and the universe masters from the Divine Eye clan were scattered throughout the seven universes. However, all those universe masters had their avatars in other small universes, so they were able to communicate with each other easily.

There was a feud between An Yong Master and Luo Feng, yet Five Chaos Master hated Luo Feng even more!

Before, An Yong and Five Chaos had been friends, as they were from the same race. They grew closer now.

“Why do you look so hurried?” asked Five Chaos Master.

“I received some news about Luo Feng,” said An Yong Master.

“Oh?”

The eyes of Five Chaos Master gleamed. Since he had died because of Luo Feng, he had treated Luo Feng as his true competitor. However, he hadn’t heard anything about Luo Feng after that… Even though he had contact with some powers in the original universe, Luo Feng had maintained a very low profile. Which was why Five Chaos had been suppressing a strong urge.

“I thought he wouldn’t dare to enter Universe Ocean without that silver wing. Where is he now?” asked Five Chaos Master.

“He’s in the Universe Boat!” said An Yong Master.

“What? Universe Boat?” Five Chaos Master was startled. “He dared to go to the Universe Boat?”

“Not only does he dare to go to Universe Boat, but he’s in the inner area of Universe Boat, and…” said An Yong Master. “He went into the deeper area of the inner area. After what happened between you and him, he’s been in Universe Boat all that time. He’s been adventuring through Universe Boat. However, he’s been using another identity.”

“Another identity?” Five Chaos Master was more confused.

“Cracking Gold Master!” said An Yong Master.

“What? That is him?” Five Chaos opened his eyes wide. “It’s—it’s him? That Luo Feng has another identity, and he’s been adventuring in Universe Boat? But how did he get so strong?”

Cracking Gold Master was a universe master who had made himself famous for a fight for true treasures in Universe Boat 300 years prior. No one had seen Cracking God Master since, yet his power was proven, as he dared to get into the inner area of Universe Boat. After that, Cracking Gold Master said that his name was Cracking Gold, and thus, his name had spread.

In the next 300 years, Cracking Gold Master had participated in two fights for treasures, both of which were not serious, yet his power was proven to be at level four.

“Five Chaos, he’s in Wave of Stars Ocean!” said An Yong Master. “Wave of Stars Ocean is as dangerous as God-Destroying Valley, and it’s larger. There are several places where true treasures are often seen, so there are several powers. A top-tier domain type true treasure emerged there, which led to a fight, and Cracking Gold Master interfered. It was a horrifying fight. Zi Ya Master from our universe era lost his original body… Cracking Gold Master showed his true power and got the true treasure. There are many great beings in Wave of Stars Ocean. A universe master who saw Luo Feng, ‘Xue Cang Master’ from the second universe era, yelled, ‘You’re Silver Wing Horde Leader’! And that’s how other great beings know that Cracking Gold Master is Silver Wing Horde Leader!”

An Yong Master shook his head. He was not happy that his enemy was so renowned now.

It was unsurprising that Luo Feng was able to hide his identity. After all, great beings were able to easily alter the way they looked. As for one’s aura, it could only be remembered when it was seen by someone. Or the virtual universe could simulate that aura. But apparently, other powers didn’t have the virtual universe. As for other universe eras, even though they had virtual worlds, they couldn’t simulate the aura of universe masters and universe supreme masters. It was exceedingly difficult.

“He’s so powerful now.” Five Chaos Master frowned. “He got my original body killed when he first entered Universe Ocean, and I sensed that he’d be my mortal enemy. I can’t believe he’s at the fourth level now after such a short time.”

“What should we do?” An Yong Master looked to Five Chaos Master.

An Yong Master wasn’t afraid. He had multiple bodies, so it was difficult for him to die. However, An Yong Master was worried about Luo Feng’s power… He couldn’t believe Luo Feng was able to show such great close-combat power after such a short time.

“Let’s go,” said Five Chaos Master. “Let’s go to Universe Boat!”

“However, he’s in Wave of Stars Ocean!” said An Yong Master. “Wave of Stars Ocean is deep in the inner area… It’ll take a long time to get to Wave of Stars Ocean from the outer area. Luo Feng might be in a different place after that…”

“It’ll be more difficult later!” said Five Chaos Master. “I’ll go now. How about you?”

“Okay, I’ll come with you.” An Yong Master nodded.

“Okay.” Five Chaos Master nodded.

Five Chaos didn’t mind taking An Yong. For one thing, An Yong had multiple bodies, and he also had an enormous body so he had great surviving power, both of which made him a great helper. At least An Yong Master was better at surviving and stalling enemies than Ultimate Arrow Master.

“Humph… Luo Feng!” The eyes of Five Chaos Master glinted fiercely. “He will die if we catch him.” An Yong Master clenched his teeth.

Facing the ultimate death, the universe masters from the first universe era could only depend on universe supreme masters. They weren’t able to get through it themselves, which was why they were crazier.

Time kept flying, and it wouldn’t stop because of anyone.

In the vast Universe Ocean, countless lives were born and died in the original universe and miniature universes. A short while for great beings might be a lifelong period for other lives.

Even though Five Chaos Master and An Yong Master went to look for Luo Feng, they were too far from him. And they didn’t know where Luo Feng would go in the future, so it would be very difficult for them to find him… Even if they could, it would be a long time later. However, it was nothing to Five Chaos Master, who had lived for almost three universe eras.

The 620th year of Luo Feng entering Universe Boat. In the virtual universe, in the palace at the apex of Thunder Island.

“Black-striped Stone Pillar!” said Primal Chaos City Leader in surprise. “You’re going to that Heavenly Pillar to sharpen your willpower? There are lots of other places for you do that, and they’re closer to you. Why would you choose that?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded. “There are indeed lots of places for me to do that. However, the closer it is to Celestial Magic Pillar, the faster time will pass, and then I can save more time! 10,000 years in the area beside Celestial Magic Pillar is only one year outside. I will have enough time to sharpen my will and comprehend laws at the same time.”

“I can’t understand your decisions now!” Primal Chaos City Leader exclaimed. “However, I can’t understand your improvements, either. Now that you’re arriving at Celestial Magic Pillar, I won’t say anything more.”

Primal Chaos City Leader was indeed amazed. This disciple of his had gained his fame after the fight in Wave of Stars Ocean, and the human race was thrilled—including Primal Chaos City Leader. They thought that Luo Feng lost the silver wing and had kept a low profile, yet they didn’t expect him to be more powerful.

Primal Chaos City Leader and Huge Axe Creator were most amazed as they knew that Luo Feng hadn’t become a universe master yet.

He was at the top-tier level even before becoming a universe master? This was insane! Primal Chaos City Leader and Huge Axe Creator fought Luo Feng in the virtual universe, and they realized that even though Luo Feng’s godly power was only as strong as a universe master—with a life gene level of 100 times—his techniques were powerful!

The technique Luo Feng simulated in the virtual universe using Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor was already a merged supreme technique! Not even Primal Chaos City Leader or Five Chaos Master had stronger techniques.

But after that, Luo Feng claimed that he was following the engraving picture path!

Even though he was only a universe knight, he had created supreme techniques of universe masters! And he was able to drive the third-level technique of that true treasure.

“I’ve been comprehending the six engraving pictures in the past several hundred years, especially after the fight in Wave of Stars Ocean. I reached the universe master level on the engraving picture path and created a universe master-level supreme technique, ‘Cracking Gold,’ and I’m able to drive the third level of Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor. Although my godly power is relatively weaker, I’m at the top-tier fourth level universe master. If I can become a universe master and get some godly power, I’ll be at a top-tier fifth level universe master, and I’ll be able to rival teacher Primal Chaos City Leader.”


Chapter 1209: Swallow Hawk Master

Among the top-tier great beings, the difference in godly powers was highly insignificant. They were more particular about which true treasures were suitable for them and which secret techniques were more powerful!

Except for Luo Feng. In terms of true treasures and secret techniques, he did not lose out to these top-tier universe masters, but he was one notch weaker in terms of godly power. Therefore the power he could unleash dropped by one level.

“I know you have your own plans, having just lost your wings true treasure yet gaining another valuable armor that is secondary only to a supreme true treasure. You are merely a universe knight, but when it comes to studying diagrams of secret engravings, you have achieved the level of a universe master.” Primal Chaos City Leader laughed while shaking his head. Then he entrusted Luo Feng with instruction. “I will not stand in your way, but you must maintain your vigilance at all times. If you meet with dangers you are unable to handle alone, inform me or inform Huge Axe.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng nodded.

To Huge Axe and Primal Chaos City Leader, he was indeed a unique individual. Treasures emerging in an endless stream? Powers improving mysteriously?

Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng, with a trace of hope in his eyes. “Given the rate at which you are improving now, to truly become a universe master, you just need to hone your skills a little bit more. Then you will be my equivalent.”

Since Luo Feng’s outburst in the Wave of Stars Ocean battle hundreds of years before—the battle that shocked him and Huge Axe—Primal Chaos City Leader had personally approached Luo Feng for a friendly exchange of skills, as well as to have a proper conversation. Thereafter, Huge Axe had brought Luo Feng to see Teacher Origin, who had also had a discussion with Luo Feng. Teacher Origin might have been kept under suppression for eternity, but he was still able to execute Virtual Universe, a powerful secret technique, so naturally, he would be able to interact and communicate with Primal Chaos City Leader and Huge Axe…

The results of that conversation led Teacher Origin and Huge Axe to determine that… before the rise of Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader had been the next promising individual hopeful of becoming a universe supreme master. Following in his stead would be Darkness Master and Peng Gong Master.

But now, the possible order of promising candidates for universe supreme master might have changed to Primal Chaos City Leader, Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master, followed by Darkness Master!

The two great life forms, Teacher Origin and Huge Axe, were highly in favor of Luo Feng.

Since then… this would naturally make Primal Chaos City Leader pay more attention to this disciple. If both Teacher and disciple became universe supreme masters, they would become a highly talked about celebrity pair in Universe Ocean. Furthermore, Teacher Origin was Primal Chaos City Leader’s teacher, and Primal Chaos City Leader was Luo Feng’s teacher. Wouldn’t that be three generations of universe supreme masters coming from the same branch? Think of how greatly Primal Chaos City Leader would look forward to seeing this happen.

With high hopes, Primal Chaos City Leader said with a smile, “Besides, given your comprehension of the universe revolution, when you have become a universe master, you will not have to wait long before you try to become a universe supreme master. But with regards to this, I have no suggestions. After all, the path of every universe supreme master is different. Even I am still searching for mine.”

Luo Feng was truly awe-inspired.

Yes. It would not be difficult for him to become a universe master because he was leading in terms of achievements of secret techniques, and his path of law comprehension was smooth-sailing. In addition, he had already comprehended the Heart of Beast God, so in the future, succeeding at the beast god path would be a breeze! However, if he wanted to become a universe supreme master, that would be much more difficult… because every universe supreme master had to follow a different path.

Studies of diagrams of secret engravings, studies of beast gods and such—all had predecessors. Therefore, he had to give up on all these. So long as there were predecessors, he had to abandon those paths. That said, his path would become very narrow.

“Haha, too far away.” Primal Chaos City Leader finished with a laugh. “You still have quite a long way to go. I think it is better for you to put your heart into cultivating to become a universe master for now.”

“Understood.” Luo Feng replied.

“If there is trouble or danger, remember to tell me or tell Huge Axe! Now, you not only belong to your Earth branch or to yourself; you also belong to us—the human race!” Primal Chaos City Leader jokingly added, “Go ahead, I am not worried about you going over to the black-striped stone pillar. That is the territory of the three old fellows.”

“Yes, I understand. I will take my leave now.”

Luo Feng retreated immediately, his figure disappearing into the shadows.

The space of the black-striped stone pillars was one of the few major domains within the Universe Boat that was free of danger. Dangers due to great beings fighting one another were not counted, as places with great beings would always be grounds for resentment and feuds. The entire space was supported by 16 black-striped stone pillars that were all 1,000 light years tall; other than the frozen space near the black-striped stone pillars that disallowed teleportation, there would be no trouble teleporting within the other regions in that entire space.

And…

The black-striped stone pillars were natural monuments! These 13, 1,000-light-year stone pillars all have extremely profound black secret engravings etched onto them. The level of their secret engravings was very high… and they contained resentments and feuds that even universe supreme masters could not comprehend. However, it was just like the powerful lost knowledge of that ancient being that Luo Feng found in that hidden secret space. If there were no step-by-step instructions to follow and no gradual increase in difficulty level to aid in comprehending those secret engravings, then the diagrams of black secret engravings found all over those stone pillars would be incomprehensible!

Every black-striped stone pillar was extremely powerful—more powerful than any supreme true treasure. Its length of 1,000 light years made this apparent. Up until now, there was no great being who could touch a black-striped stone pillar with their bare hands; the closer one got to a black-striped stone pillar, the more terrifying the impact it had on one’s willpower. Even a universe supreme master was unable to stand before a black-striped stone pillar.

Regardless, this was a natural, ancient monument that was easily found. The level of secret engravings was extraordinarily high and distributed all over the 1,000-light-year stone pillar, and there were as many as 16 such pillars. Naturally, it would attract hibernating old fellows to entrench themselves here.

There was safety, an allowance for teleportation, fast time velocity, and monuments around… Various factors made this a good resting and cultivation place for great beings who were tired from roaming the depths of Universe Boat.

There was fog spreading out, and there seemed no end to it.

In his silver armor, Luo Feng teleported twice over short distances. The fog was thinning, as the space of the black-striped stone pillars was from a highest to a lowest point, where the boundary of the surroundings was filled with thick fog. But the surroundings of the middle area where the 16 black-striped stone pillars were dispersed at random did not hold a trace of fog.

There was another saying: The boundary between areas that allowed and disallowed teleportation was where fog would be so thin that it might seem negligible.

Xiu!

A stream of silver, rainbowlike light flashed across the void space.

“Haha! After traveling for the past 620 years, I finally arrived at this space of the black-striped stone pillars.” Luo Feng had transformed himself in a stream of rainbow light and was full of smiles, happy and carefree. “However, my two teachers, Sitting Mountain Guest and Primal Chaos City Leader, were right. Battles are indeed the best when it comes to honing skills. Since I entered Universe Boat, I have been wandering about, gaining experiences from a large number of dangerous lands, getting involved in several life-and-death battles, and I finally achieved a breakthrough in my battle at the Wave of Stars Ocean.”

Although he was not a universe master, when it came to studying diagrams of secret engravings, he had an achievement at the level of a universe master! After his battle in the Wave of Stars Ocean, he had spent time creating a series of strongest secret techniques of universe masters. This was comparable to the strongest secret technique of a miniature universe and was an attack secret technique. Most importantly, it was something he created himself and was evidence of his capability.

Earlier on, when he advanced with the identity of Cracking Gold Master, he had created this set of strongest secret techniques and named it after his identity: “Cracking Gold’.

Cracking Gold was a secret technique he created with his own hands. However, his strongest move was the triple levels of secret engravings on the right arm of Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor. He had specially named it Extermination God.

“Huh?” Luo Feng turned his head to look off into the distance.

Although he was transformed into a stream of silver, rainbowlike light while flying at high speed, he was also unleashing Snow Fire Sector. Snow Fire Sector was one of the true treasures he had obtained during his current venture in Universe Boat. It was a top-tier domain type true treasure! It was the cause of that battle in Wave of the Stars Ocean, where several great beings fought one another to vie for its ownership.

“I have actually run into someone from the Hong Alliance.” Luo Feng laughed.

“Milky Way Horde Leader!”

A stream of deep green rainbowlike light flew over. It was quite fast, but Luo Feng could still clearly make out the face of the other party with his naked eye. It was Swallow Hawk Master, a universe master of a different race from the Hong Alliance. Swallow Hawk Master held a relatively high position within the Hong Alliance because he was extremely powerful, and he belonged to the same level as Ice Mountain Master. Usually, he would be roaming the internal domain of the three most dangerous lands with various means that he carried along with him. He was remarkably skilled at keeping himself alive, and also, it was extremely difficult to provoke him.

“I heard that Milky Way Horde Leader has gotten a new domain true treasure that enshrouds you with endless blue flames. The moment I discovered a sight like this from the domain I was previously in, I suspected that it was you, Milky Way Horde Leader, so I rushed over here. With one look, I have proven to myself that I was right. Haha! Fancy running into a fellow member from our Hong Alliance in the internal domain of Universe Boat. What a delight!”

Deep green all over, the bird-being stretched and spread out its wings. The top of its head sported golden feathers, and it communicated with the direct use of the human common language via voice transmission. Within the Hong Alliance, it used more of the human common language for conversations.

“Being able to meet Swallow Hawk Master, this is indeed something delightful,” Luo Feng exclaimed with joy.

“I heard about what happened to you, Milky Way Horde Leader,” said Swallow Hawk Master. “The other bodies of Ultimate Arrow Master and Five Chaos Master were annihilated, one after the other. Later, you moved about as Cracking Gold Master… All this while, you have been continually pushing yourself for improvement. I’m afraid I am no longer your match.”

Luo Feng smiled. What the other party was saying was true. Besides, this was a super great practically licking his boots. Of course, he found it pleasurable.

“Swallow Hawk Master, you are too modest!” Luo Feng laughed.

“May I ask, why has Milky Way horde leader come to this space of the black-striped stone pillars?”

Swallow Hawk Master was beside Luo Feng, and the two transformed into streams of rainbowlike lights. Using their godly powers as a medium, they conversed with one another.

“I am here to borrow the strength of the black-striped stone pillars to sharpen and hone my willpower,” Luo Feng replied right away.

“Oh?” Swallow Hawk Master was surprised. “Sharpen and hone your willpower? From the three reincarnation eras of Universe Ocean and Two Holy Land universes, not many have specially chosen this place to sharpen and hone their willpower. Most of them are here just for a temporary break, or to comprehend the secret engravings on the black-striped stone pillars. I have been here for quite some time. There are certain things I think I should tell you first, Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“Swallow Hawk Master, please speak your mind,” Luo Feng said.

“The space of the black-striped stone pillars is very safe, and there are ancient monuments with secret engravings which are very profound,” Swallow Hawk Master said. “That’s why there’s always a group of great beings entrenched here. Especially the three beings who are the strongest among them all. The three existences are all universe supreme masters! One is a lone wanderer, and the others belonged to different races; they are Bei Chi Star Master from the first reincarnation era, Blood Orchid Ancestor, and Rampaging Devil God from the second reincarnation era.”

“This I know.” Luo Feng nodded.

“I want to tell you about the temperaments of these three,” Swallow Hawk Master began. “Bei Chi Star Master has a remarkably good character. So long as you treat him with respect, nothing will go wrong. But Blood Orchid Ancestor is a plant life-form… It is spread all over the place. You must stay as far as one million kilometers away from it. Otherwise, you may be in danger of annihilation. These two are still all right—one of a good temperament, the other being extremely evil—and are easy to deal with. The most troublesome one will be Rampaging Devil Master.”

Luo Feng nodded. He had also heard things about Rampaging Devil Master, including that it was very dangerous and difficult to deal with. But the space of the black-striped stone pillars was the territory of these three old fellows, so he must be vigilant and be certain not to offend any of them.


Chapter 1210: Before the Black-Striped Stone Pillars

Rampaging Devil God was a universe supreme master from the second reincarnation era.

There was a great deal of information on the universe supreme masters from the three reincarnation eras and two holy land universes in Luo Feng’s mind. The universe supreme masters could be sorted into different groups. There were some skilled in dealing with souls, some skilled in annihilating material subjects, and some possessing supreme true treasures or not contributed to their differences. And among all the universe supreme masters within the Universe Ocean, Rampaging Devil God was an extremely frightening existence. He dared to name himself “Rampaging.” That said something about his guts.

Regarding his personal ability, he was only considered to be a universe supreme master of normal standard. Yet he was considered terrifying simply because he had that supreme true treasure.

He was a unique life form, and it was in his nature to like swallowing stones, metals, and hard materials as such. He had been born with that extremely hard outer shell! It was said that there was too much essence of rocks and metals coagulated on the outer shell over his godly body, which was why the degree of hardness of this outer shell was unbelievable. Adding on his supreme true treasure armor, it was certainly enough to allow him to run rampant throughout Universe Ocean; that armor was very unique and was named Blood Ocean Devil Armor. Other than the normal defense ability, this Blood Ocean Devil Armor was able to create a surrounding that was filled with the impact of an insane willpower where one seemed to have fallen into “Hell of Blood Ocean.”

“When Rampaging Devil God is battling other universe supreme masters,” Swallow Hawk Master said. “There is nothing outstanding about his performance. Yet against us universe masters, he does have an absolute advantage. Once he goes crazy, his supreme true treasure will let out an outburst of willpower, and that impact will be so strong that even universe supreme masters will be slightly affected. As for us, universe masters, I’m afraid we will be so overwhelmed, instantly… that we will not be able to put up any form of resistance at all!”

Luo Feng nodded solemnly.

“And he is very temperamental. There is no way we can predict his capricious moods.” Swallow Hawk Master was flying as he elaborated amidst sighs. “He is also a loner. Thus, he is not afraid of getting into trouble, which is why, the moment anyone sees this Rampaging Devil God, they would rather make a detour and avoid crossing paths with him!

“If not for Bei Chi Star Master, several other universe masters, as well as myself, would already have left this place. Bei Chi Star Master’s character is extremely likable, and he has spent a very long time comprehending the black-striped stone pillars, so his knowledge is more comprehensive. Bei Chi Star Master tends to share what he has comprehended with everyone, which is always so rewarding for us all.

“Universe supreme masters who are willing to share and guide us are very, very few, so we are all reluctant to leave because of Bei Chi Star Master. Wherever Bei Chi Star Master chooses to reside, Rampaging Devil God will also be more respectful in his behavior. The most detestable thing about him is that… Rampaging Devil God likes to change his looks—especially when he meets newcomers who have never seen him before, much less know his life aura. Meeting Rampaging Devil God in his changed appearance, they will not recognize him at all. They will not have the slightest degree of vigilance… The moment they do something to anger Rampaging Devil God, even for something very minor, I’m afraid annihilation is their only fate.”

Two streaks of rainbow-like light swept across the void space.

As he flew, Luo Feng gradually got a better understanding of the situation.

The space of the black-striped stone pillars had a total of 16 black-striped stone pillars. Blood Orchid Ancestor had stationed himself by the Number 9 black-striped stone pillar a long time ago, while Bei Chi Star Master had stationed himself by the Number 2 black-striped stone pillar, also on a long-term basis. As for Rampaging Devil God, he did not fix himself to a certain stone pillar and liked to wander around randomly in his disguised identities. If one could recognize his aura, then nothing much would happen; on the other hand, not being able to identify him or his aura would mean that danger was near.

“Right ahead will be the Number 2 black-striped stone pillar. It is the place where the majority of great beings in all of the space of black-striped stone pillars gathered.” Spreading his pair of wings, Swallow Hawk Master flew up into the sky at high speed and headed towards the Number 2 celestial magic pillar.

Flying alongside him was Luo Feng, who took a glance at where they were heading toward. It was a towering height that knew no bounds —so tall that it extended all the way past the limits of the field of vision and bore through the foggy atmosphere. As for the base of the black-striped stone pillar, it too had penetrated into the bottommost endless fog.

Hu! Hu! Hu!

A tremendous amount of gigantic rocks orbited the black-striped stone pillars, continuously revolving around the pillars like Earth around the Sun. These sizable rocks tirelessly circled the black-striped stone pillars. Also, amidst the dense and endless ocean of rocks, there could be seen black-tipped architecture that sported some extremely eye-catching and exquisite sculptures. Those were the space chambers.

“I have obtained a black token from Five Chaos Master, but I do not know which space chamber this black token corresponds to,” Luo Feng said to himself. “There are 16 black-striped stone pillars here. Every black-striped stone pillar has some space chambers in its surroundings. The only problem is, I can only detect a sensation if I am close to the space chamber that corresponds with my black token.”

“Seems like I have to try my luck with these 16 black-striped stone pillars one by one.”

In the midst of flying, Swallow Hawk Master was observing Luo Feng. As they approached the Number 2 black-striped stone pillar, the powerful impact of the willpower got stronger.

“Kill!” “Kill!” “Kill!”

It was as though an army of millions and billions of soldiers was roaring in battle. To reach them, for great beings who had just become universe masters, they would need all of their might to resist the impact of such strong willpower. But Swallow Hawk Master realized that Luo Feng was unshaken, and his face seemed to tell how effortless this was for him.

“This Luo Feng… His cultivation time is short, yet his willpower is so powerful.” Swallow Hawk Master was shocked. “I have spent a long time cultivating myself. And I also had to spend an extremely long time honing my willpower to reach this high level before I could easily overcome it. How can he resist the impact so easily?

“Swallow Hawk Master,” said Luo Feng as he pointed into the distance. Several great beings seemed to be entrenched on the gigantic rocks orbiting some of the black-striped stone pillars. “At a single glance, I can already see a handful of great beings. Where the Number 2 black-striped stone pillar is, exactly how many great beings are there?”

“Close to 100,” Swallow Hawk Master replied right away. “As you can see, they are all at different distances from the black-striped stone pillar. Some are further; some are nearer. This all depends on the willpower of the individual great beings… If your willpower is stronger, you can naturally choose a spot nearer to the black-striped stone pillar to rest. In the deepest area, you will find Bei Chi Star Master.”

Sou! Sou!

Two streaks of light speedily flew toward the black-striped stone pillar.

What did it really mean to say that the black-striped stone pillar was as tall as 1,000 light years? The entire solar system, when compared to it, was merely a small dot. The closer you got to it, the loftier it felt. That formidable aura was so strong that it made Luo Feng shudder. This was indeed worthy of being known to all as a treasure more unique than a supreme true treasure. Until that very day, no universe supreme master dared to go near it—much less to touch it.

“Milky Way Horde Leader,” Swallow Hawk Master could not help saying. “The nearer we are, the stronger the impact of that willpower. My usual mediation area is in the deeper region, and that area is near to my tolerance limit, so I can use it to hone my willpower all the more. If it gets overbearing for you, do let me know beforehand.”

“That’s good. I can take the chance to test my limit.” Luo Feng laughed.

The two flew toward the inner region. Swallow Hawk Master continued to closely observe Luo Feng. From his point of view, Luo Feng had merely cultivated for slightly more than ten eras. Even if he were to start honing his willpower from his moment of birth, how strong could he become? Yet Luo Feng’s expression was natural and relaxed. Obviously, the impact of the willpower did not exhaust him at all, much less push him to his limit.

“Swallow Hawk Master, as we get nearer to the stone pillar, time velocity is also continuously changing, Luo Feng commented. “The time velocity here is already as fast as 200 times more. What about the place you usually go to when honing your willpower? How many times faster is the time velocity over there?”

“The nearer we are, the faster the rate of acceleration of time velocity,” Swallow Hawk Master said. “The time velocity in the area where I hone my skills is around 1,100 times. For someone like Bei Chi Master, whose willpower is extremely terrifying among all the universe supreme masters, he has cultivated for a period longer than one reincarnation era. According to him, the place where he cultivates has a time velocity that is as fast as 130,000 times more.”

Luo Feng was dumbfounded. It was no wonder even Rampaging Devil God had to give credit to Bei Chi Master. This gentle-tempered existence from the first reincarnation era who did not mind sharing his experience and knowledge with others was simply too powerful for words. Solely his willpower alone could be so terrifying. If he were to venture into the studies of illusion, the amount of fear he could instill in other great beings would be out of the world. Even executing something as simple as a soul attack, when coupled with his willpower, would result in an invincible soul attack.

This great existence also had an extraordinary perspective on life. Even when he was nearing his doomsday, he was still able to cultivate quietly; at times, he would openly share his comprehensions. Other times, he would simply exist in peaceful silence.

“Swallow Hawk Master?”

“By his side… that silver-armored, black-haired human? That must be Silver Wings Horde Leader Luo Feng.”

In the surrounding area of the black-striped stone pillar, several universe masters had also noticed that Swallow Hawk Master and Luo Feng were making their way toward the inner region, much deeper in from where they were. These universe masters were secretly in shock… To be able to venture further and deeper in, obviously the willpower of Luo Feng was much stronger than theirs. They were in disbelief that someone with such a short cultivation period could have a willpower that was so strong.

Amongst them, there were some who were very powerful and had strong fighting abilities, but that did not mean that they had terrifying willpower. After all, out of almost 100 universe masters, only a fraction of them honed their willpower for the long term. The majority of them were only there for a short break. The area they were at was merely a safe transit stop.

“That is my cultivation place.” Swallow Hawk Master was flying at high speed and soon landed on a piece of gigantic rock that was speeding through the air. Luo Feng landed likewise.

“Milky Way Horde Leader, you are able to resist the impact of the willpower of this place. You have earned my admiration.” Swallow Hawk Master was impressed.

Luo Feng laughed. Luckily for him, he had gone through the honing process within the space of the wings.

Given his past—before the time spent in the space of the wings—if he were to be in this space that he was in now, he would have likely been sprawled on the floor with his entire body trembling, gritting his teeth while perspiring profusely. But now, he could only feel exhaustion, nothing else!

“Oh, there is still quite a number of universe masters ahead.”

Luo Feng was surprised to see that a distance away from where they were, at an area nearer to the black-striped stone pillars, there was, indeed, a handful of great beings on the gigantic rock.

“Yes, although there are close to 100 universe masters gathered here, more than half are just here to take a temporary break and not intentionally here to hone their willpower for cultivation. The ones who are here with the intention of honing their willpower normally would be of a relatively higher standard in regards to their willpower, as compared to their peers. There are also some whose willpower has reached the pinnacle level of a universe master. As for those who passed the bottleneck and achieved a breakthrough… their willpower is now comparable to that of a universe supreme master!”

“Look! That—that—that… Those 19! At an almost similar distance away from the black-striped stone pillars, these 19 universe masters have reached the ultimate limit of a universe master’s willpower. If they want to make further progress, they will have to pass the bottleneck of a universe master. And thereafter, they will undergo qualitative changes to attain willpower that is comparable to that of a universe supreme master.”

“Look, deeper in…” Swallow Hawk Master explained. “Other than Bei Chi Star Master, standing even closer to the black-striped stone pillars as compared to the 19 universe masters, I can see two other great beings. Actually, there are three! These three universe masters… all have a willpower comparable to a universe supreme master. These three are, respectively, from the two holy land universes and the first reincarnation era.”

Luo Feng lamented. He was afraid of being at a comparable standard as the other 19 universe masters!

No one would have expected to find three universe masters, whose willpower was comparable to that of universe supreme masters within this space of the black-striped stone pillars. Throughout the entire Universe Ocean, how many can be found?

“Right,” said Swallow Hawk Master. “Out of the three universe masters, there is one from the Divine Eye Clan. You previously annihilated the Divine Eye Clan’s Ultimate Arrow Master and Five Chaos Master. That places great enmity between you and the Divine Eye Clan, so you had better practice more caution.”

“Oh, what is he called?” Luo Feng asked.

“Divine Eye Clan… Clear Eye Master!” Swallow Hawk Master said solemnly.

There was a slight change in Luo Feng’s expression. “It’s him!”


Chapter 1211: Clear Eye Master

Luo Feng was secretly shocked. This Clear Eye Master was comparable to Five Chaos Master. If he was to be ranked within the six-tier category for universe masters, he would be ranked as a fifth-tiered universe master.

Clear Eye Master was First True Master’s disciple—especially skilled in techniques involving soul attacks and illusions—and he had an illusion type unique treasure Clear Light Mirror. This Clear Light Mirror was comparable to Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor in terms of value. Or at least, in the hands of Clear Eye Master, it had made a name for itself.

“In terms of godly power, this Clear Eye Master is close to the perfect limit. In terms of willpower, he is comparable to a universe supreme master. And with Clear Light Mirror in his possession! Even if he were to be compared with a universe supreme master, at the very most, he would lose out a little in terms of secret technique.” Luo Feng analyzed to himself. “Many great beings would rather be confronted by Five Chaos Master. No one is willing to cross paths with Clear Eye Master! In a face-to-face confrontation with Five Chaos Master, brute force alone will suffice, but with Clear Eye Master, once they are subjected to a soul attack or an illusion attack, their consciousness will be trapped, and then they will be at a great disadvantage.”

Of course, if given a choice, between Five Chaos Master and Clear Eye Master, the majority of the great beings would choose to fight Five Chaos.

But Luo Feng was keener on battling Clear Eye Master. If Five Chaos Master were to really put effort into fighting a battle, Luo Feng might be cornered into helplessness.

“Swallow Hawk Master, since you are cultivating here, I shall not interrupt further.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Milky Way Horde Leader,” Swallow Hawk Master said. “When you are honing your willpower in the space of the black-striped stone pillars… should the need arises, do feel free to contact me via the virtual universe. I will be here all the time.”

“Sure.”

Luo Feng transformed into a stream of silver, rainbowlike light and continued to fly toward the black-striped stone pillars.

“Huh? It’s a human. There is a human flying over here.”

“That is… silver armor and black hair. It’s Silver Wings Horde Leader Luo Feng? He dares fly here… Seems like for him to make such a name for himself, there must be something different about him. At least, when it comes to willpower, his is comparable to mine.”

As Luo Feng continued to fly nearer to the space of the black-striped stone pillars, he caught the attention of several universe masters.

“Time velocity is indeed soaring at an accelerated rate. 1,500 times, 1,800 times, 2,300 times, 2,800 times…”

Luo Feng could feel time and space contorting. Space had frozen, and time velocity was so frighteningly fast—at a rate that matched 3,000 times that of the outside world. Luo Feng finally came to a stop and landed directly on a huge flying rock. The other 19 universe masters were about the same distance away.

“Such great oppression.”

Luo Feng stood on the huge rock and looked afar at the lofty and towering celestial magic pillars in the distance. “The impact of the willpower here is so strong that I can already feel it taking a toll on me. Luckily for me, I am still able to stay poised… No wonder the other 19 universe masters did not continue to advance. If they had done so, I’m afraid they would have lost control of their godly bodies and showed their discomposure.”

Whole body trembling. Perspiring profusely. Blood osmosing. These symptoms—along with various other indications of one’s soul being put under unbearable agony—were the signs of discomposure. Right now, it was getting extremely tough, and the oppression was excessive, but he had pulled through.

“In the future, I shall hone my willpower on this huge rock,” Luo Feng said to himself.

“The human, Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng, from the primal universe, has appeared in Universe Boat somewhere in the space of the black-striped stone-pillars, within the surroundings of Number 2 black-striped stone pillar.”

“Luo Feng has appeared. He is right in the space of the black-striped stone pillars.”

“It is that Silver Wings Horde Leader? He is right here. I just saw him with my own eyes. Absolutely no doubt.”

Close to 100 universe masters were nearby, and a handful had already spotted Luo Feng. Naturally, the news spread quickly.

Luo Feng had expected this to happen… After all, this time around, he was going to stay for a long time to hone his willpower, so there was no way he could hide from them. But even if his presence was made public, it meant nothing much.

His primary enemy was the Divine Eye Clan. Other groups of powers would not go to the same lengths to fight him. Huge Axe Creator’s power might not have been made known to those within Universe Ocean, but Third True Master and Sixth True Master suffering a devastating defeat at his hands was major news. Who would not have caught wind of it? Even if anyone wanted to deal with Luo Feng, it would only be those universe masters who bore a grudge against him. No one else at the level of a universe supreme master would dare to make reckless moves with Huge Axe acting as a powerful deterrent.

Clear Eye Master wore a white robe and had skin that was smooth and clear like white jade. He stood on a huge rock with his eyes closed. Behind him, the single-eyed shadow radiated faint light rays as Clear Eye Master resisted the impact of that willpower as best as he could. The place he was at was much nearer to the black-striped stone pillars, so if ordinary universe masters were to advance nearer, they would likely be hit by the impact of willpower and be knocked unconscious.

In the distance, it led to a place occupied by great beings whose willpower had reached the limit of a universe master. However, in the direction which his senses had pointed him, a lone figure was descending.

“A human?” Clear Eye Master’s brows furrowed slightly.

Soon enough, the identity of the figure became apparent. His eyes flashed with a hint of harsh countenance, but he was quick in showing restraint as he softly mumbled under his breath, “Silver Wings Horde Leader? How dare you show yourself here…? You sure have guts. Ultimate Arrow… he has another body. I am unable to totally annihilate him to avenge you, but I can destroy this body of his.”

Everything seemed to be at peace. But Clear Eye Master’s heart was burning with insane rage. And murderous intentions!

Long before Clear Eye Master had become a universe master, his family and friends from his younger years had all passed away due to old age. During a long period of close to three reincarnation eras, the other universe masters—who were not only from the same clan but also the same level as him and had similarities of character— naturally formed cliques or even forged deep friendships that transcended life and death.

Clear Eye Master and Ultimate Arrow Master were very close at heart and shared an extremely deep friendship, for they had seen each other through a long period of close to three reincarnation eras… They had long been accustomed to the existence of friends. The annihilation of Ultimate Arrow naturally filled him with resentment. Yet Luo Feng’s whereabouts were always a mystery. At times, he would appear in God-Destroying Valley. Other times, he would appear in Wave of Stars Ocean. Occasionally, there would be traces of his whereabouts, and these made it more difficult for the other great beings to determine his intended route.

“Very well.”

Sou!

A streak of white light flew through the air and charged toward Luo Feng at high speed.

“It’s Clear Eye Master.”

“Why would Clear Eye Master head toward Silver Wings Horde Leader? Could it be because of Ultimate Arrow Master and Five Chaos Master?”

“The human Luo Feng is in deep trouble.”

Several other universe masters realized what was happening, but they observed quietly instead. No one intervened.

Luo Feng had just sat down cross-legged, about to start meditating, when he suddenly spotted a flash of white light flying toward him.

“Huh?” Luo Feng gave a slight frown. “Clear Eye Master?”

That white light maintained a speed of 100 times time velocity and was quickly approaching Luo Feng. A short moment later, it reduced its speed by moving in a crooked line, then descended and landed on the gigantic rock that Luo Feng was on. This rock was so massive that even when both Luo Feng and Clear Eye Master were standing on it, they were like the size of two ants compared to the whole planet Earth.

“Silver Wings Horde Leader!” A clear and cold voice was transmitted over to Luo Feng as a white-robed figure approached him, step by step. Every step surpassed tens of thousands of kilometers, and he was so fast that he left behind a trail of shadows.

“I am called Milky Way Horde Leader, not Silver Wings Horde Leader.” Luo Feng finally stood up, appearing leisurely and relaxed as he looked at the white-robed figure in the distance. “Clear Eye Master, what is your purpose in coming here?”

“Don’t you know?” Clear Eye Master was clearly feeling unfriendly toward Luo Feng as he closed the distance between them step after step.

“To avenge Ultimate Arrow and Five Chaos?” Luo Feng asked in return. “Or for the sake of saving the face of your clan?”

“Whatever the reason, you ought to die!” Clear Eye Master said.

He continued advancing with a cold look. The distance between him and Luo Feng was shortening, and his voice was transmitted over to Luo Feng through green spots of light.

“Ought to die?” Luo Feng laughed.

Clear Eye Master stood firm on his spot as he looked at Luo Feng. “Being sucked into the Deep Abyss, losing the pair of Silver Wings true treasure… Yet I had not expected you to be able to rise on your feet again so quickly. What a pity that you are still so tender and immature; judging from how you look now, it seems like you show no fear.”

Luo Feng chuckled to himself.

Scared? What a joke! He was wearing Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, which was made of a unique material that was capable of reducing the power of a soul attack to 1 percent! But this was beside the point. His greatest trump card was Star Tower, which he kept within his body. Star Tower was a supreme true treasure, and with it guarding his soul, why would he fear?

This was why he might feel intimidated by that illustrious name, but if he were to choose between Five Chaos Master and Clear Eye Master, he would definitely choose Clear Eye Master.

“How confident you are!” Clear Eye Master remarked coldly. “Very well… Meet your doom!”

Clear Eye Master was an arrogant being, through and through. Without warning, the single-eyed shadow behind him suddenly expanded, and an ancient mirror emerged from within his body to combine with the single-eyed shadow. Instantly, the shadow seemed to take on a tangible form, as though a single gigantic eye was gazing at Luo Feng from afar. Then an intangible attack directly befell upon Luo Feng.

“Just die, once and for all,” Clear Eye Master said coldly with a wave of his hand.

Xiu!

A beam of white light flew rapidly through the air at Luo Feng. In mid-flight, the beam transformed into a dazzling white beast. The beast resembled a white dragon, but it had two heads. It glided through the air, let out a deep growl, and, within an instant, appeared before Luo Feng. The two heads of the beast suddenly launched their attacks together, like a pair of scissors determined to snip Luo Feng to death.

“Falling into my illusions, you shall have no power of resistance at all, regardless of how strong your godly body is,” Clear Eye Master said coldly. “The most you could do is to launch a few more attacks.

This was why many universe masters were reluctant to exchange blows with him. He was a terrifying existence who was extremely strong in areas related to the soul, which was frightening enough. Of course, if his soul attacks could be warded off, he would be rendered helpless without further techniques to rely on.

Being skilled in soul attacks usually meant that he would not be as strong in material attacks—like Master of Banff, who had very mediocre skills when it came to using material attacks during fights. Upon comparison, Clear Eye Master was more powerful than Master of Banff. He could rely on areas involving souls and make the rank of a fifth-tiered universe master. But when it came to material attacks, he barely made the rank of a fourth-tier standard, although this was still quite impressive.

Peng!

Standing unmoving like a wooden pole, Luo Feng suddenly waved his arm. On his right hand, sharp claws formed and started to tear at the surrounding time and space instantly; these five sharp claws were like golden blades, and they gathered to converge into one huge sharp claw, which viciously caught hold of that two-headed dragon-like beast, tearing and biting with a murderous intention to kill.

There was a loud roar of pain.

Pa!

The two-headed dragon skull was split into two as it collapsed. The moment this beast that was formed with the use of a true treasure galvanizing technique was defeated and dispersed, the form of a certain true treasure was revealed. It was a blade that looked like an ordinary white ruler.

Hong!

The long white ruler rolled into the distance before it fell and smashed heavily onto the vast surface of the gigantic rock, causing the entire rock to tremble.

“You—” Clear Eye Master was in shock. He could not be bothered with anything else as he repeatedly executed his strongest technique Clear Extermination of Reincarnation.

Sou!

Luo Feng simply dodged the attacks in a flash. As a great being who had cultivated the Beast God path, upon comprehending the heart of Beast God, every part of his godly body was like a weapon, and any technique could be executed directly with his godly body… Luo Feng could move about at a shocking speed. He was just like a fearsome beast god. In a flash, he appeared before Clear Eye Master; then, with sharp claws that seemed to be composed of five blades, he slashed down onto Clear Eye Master’s head.

Clear Eye Master tried his best to ward off the attack, but with a loud rumble, he was reduced to something a cookie smashed into pieces. He immediately fell flat onto the surface of the huge rock, and subsequently, into a huge pit created by the impact of Luo Feng’s strike.

“How dare you think of killing me?” Luo Feng’s angry roars resounded. “In your dreams!”

“How did you manage to—?” Clear Eye Master was about to make a hasty retreat as he emerged from the deep pit, but he was still in disbelief that the ultimate technique that he was so proud of, Clear Extermination of Reincarnation, had actually failed to work on Luo Feng.

This was the flaw that a great being from the pulse of soul attacks had. If his opponent was influenced by his soul attack, it was fated that he would trample on his opponent! However, if his soul attack were to fail, he would be trampled upon instead!


Chapter 1212: Transmission

At this moment, Luo Feng’s silver armor transformed into something hideous; there were bulges in its shoulders, and blades were protruding out of his elbows. Each of his hands became five blades; his entire being had become a Blade Beast God.

Peng! Peng!

Clear Eye Master used both hands to ward off the attacks, causing the rocky earth below to vibrate so violently that there were cracks spreading in all directions.

“Clear Eye, your soul attack is impressive, but your material attack techniques are a notch lower!”

Luo Feng’s entire being seemed to transform into a full weapon— elbows, sharp claws, fists, knees, fingers, toes, head… It was launching attacks in a frenzied manner, causing Clear Eye Master to suffer occasional hits. Yet Clear Eye Master’s godly body was strong and large, so he was still able to bear the blows.

“Ah!” Clear Eye Master let out a begrudging roar of reluctance. “Silver Wings Horde Leader!”

Hong!

The surrounding endless, hazy cyan light spots suddenly became a great, glorious light, and countless rolling waves of cyan light moved to wrap and surround Luo Feng, trying their best to trap him. Instantly, Luo Feng, who had been moving at an insanely accelerated speed, was forced to slow down. Clear Eye Master immediately retreated as far away as he could. From afar, he looked at Luo Feng. His eyes were filled with complex emotions.

A mere youngster who had cultivated for a couple of eras could force him, Clear Eye Master, to make use of his pinnacle domain type true treasure!

This was an insult.

As a super great being who specialized in soul type attacks, he would naturally have backup plans. Should any of his soul attacks fail, for instance, within the Universe Ocean, there were some special life forms that did not have souls, so his attacks would be futile! This was why Clear Eye Master’s domain type true treasure, palace type true treasure, armor, and various other defense and survival techniques were all extremely strong.

However, the moment he was forced to use these, it would mean that he could not beat his opponent, and now, he was being forced by Luo Feng to go all out on the use of his domain true treasure. For such an arrogant character like Clear Eye Master, such an insult would naturally bring him to nurse a grievance.

“Domain true treasure?” Luo Feng’s eyes glimmered with the ferocity of a beast god. Then he sat down right away, cross-legged, and sneered. “For being able to make you, Clear Eye Master, use your domain type true treasure at full force, I am truly honored. Clear Eye Master, it seems like… there’s nothing you can do to me.”

“How did you ward off my soul attacks?” Clear Eye Master could not help asking.

“Make a guess.” Luo Feng smiled softly.

Clear Eye Master frowned. “According to information sources, you have a Mosha body. Could it be that your master body for battle now is your Mosha body? Or could it be that you have a unique true treasure that is extremely strong in protecting and defending your soul?”

If it was his Mosha body, then it certainly would not be afraid of any soul attack.

“Why should I tell you?” Luo Feng shut his eyes instantly. He could not be bothered with Clear Eye Master.

Clear Eye Master truly intended to escape, but Luo Feng was reluctant to reveal his Shi Wu Wings yet, so he did not give chase.

Once Shi Wu Wings were revealed, there would be much trouble. The Divine Eye Clan might think that Huge Axe Creator gave Shi Wu Wings to Luo Feng after obtaining it. But Huge Axe Creator and Primal Chaos City Leader both knew that previously, Huge Axe did not obtain the wings. Those who were present at the ninth level of Deep Abyss at that time were the few—including Sitting Mountain Guest and Brilliant Gold Devil God.

Brilliant Gold Devil God was from the second reincarnation era. It would be highly unlikely that he would be the one to give the wings to Luo Feng. Then it would be an easy guess—Sitting Mountain Guest and Luo Feng were related!

“Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest does not seem to want to publicize this matter,” Luo Feng said to himself. “If Teacher did not mind… I would have made use of Shi Wu Wing’s ability to control time and space. Then, even if I were pitted against Five Chaos Master, I would have no trace of fear.”

Luo Feng was aware that he was already different than he had been during the battle in God-Destroying Valley. At that time, he had been weak in close combat, but now, he was already at the fourth-tier of the top level. Compared to Five Chaos, he only fell short in terms of godly power. When it came to the true treasures each owned, he still had a slight advantage (he had Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor while Five Chaos had nothing superior to talk about).

Besides, he had Shi Wu Wings to complement his power! When the two confronted one another in a fight, their powers would not differ much.

“But, this Clear Eye Master…” Luo Feng looked at the far away Clear Eye Master, who wore a very displeased expression. Immediately, he shut his eyes and said to himself, “He is not enough to force me to use Shi Wu Wings.”

“Humph!” Clear Eye Master gave an angry snort, then transformed into a streak of light and left.

When Clear Eye Master was gone, Luo Feng opened his eyes with a solemn expression. He was only trying to look as though everything was easy to him earlier on… but in fact, he had depended on the double defense of Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor and Star Tower. Clear Eye Master’s power earlier on was so strong that it could exterminate a single reincarnation cycle; Luo Feng had used Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor to weaken the force, yet it was still so mighty. Like wheels in continuous rolling motion, it had been crushing and suppressing Luo Feng’s soul! If he had only had an ordinary soul treasure, it would not have been able to protect him at all.

Luckily, it was Star Tower!

“He was so strong. Normal great beings don’t even have Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, or any supreme treasure.” Luo Feng sighed to himself. “Impressive, indeed. However, it is not good to just depend on true treasures. I must sharpen and hone my willpower as soon as I can. If my willpower could reach the level of a universe supreme master, warding off soul attacks might be much easier, and I will be able to obtain that pair of white wings.”

Sou!

With that, Luo Feng transformed into light and flew outside.

Being where he was, he was merely trying to get a feel of what it was to sharpen and hone his willpower. Now, the first and foremost thing to do… was to find his own secret space chamber!

The battle was witnessed by a crowd of over 20 universe masters from afar, including Swallow Hawk Master. Initially, everyone thought that Luo Feng would suffer a great loss, yet, unexpectedly, Clear Eye Master’s techniques that allowed him to ran rampant across Universe Ocean failed to work their powers on Luo Feng. He had even lost big-time in close combat later on.

If even his most powerful soul attack techniques failed, when it came to close combat, it was within the expectation of the numerous universe masters that he would still be at the losing end.

What Swallow Hawk Master and the other great beings found unbelievable was that Luo Feng could ward off the soul attacks so easily. Could it really be because he had a Mosha body?

In the endless snowy grounds of internal domain of Universe Boat.

Five Chaos Master and An Yong Master were treading across the snowy grounds, not daring to fly, as the skies of this domain were extremely dangerous. Every step they took, however, allowed them to advance a distance of several hundreds of thousands of kilometers.

“Huh?” Five Chaos Master stopped with a frown.

“What is the matter?” An Yong Master asked right away.

Five Chaos Master’s face flashed a glimmer of rage as he said in a low voice, “That Luo Feng has appeared in the space of black-striped stone pillars!”

“Space of black-striped stone pillars?” An Yong Master was happy for a moment, then immediately said, “Right. From what I remember, Clear Eye is now over at the space of black-striped stone pillars.”

At the very thought of Clear Eye, An Yong Master was deeply fearful.

“Clear Eye had already exchanged blows with Luo Feng,” Five Chaos Master continued, shaking his head.

A pity. Even Clear Eye was not Luo Feng’s match. Luo Feng easily warded off his soul attacks without flinching! He could only rely on his domain type true treasures to suppress Luo Feng so that Luo Feng could not get near enough to him to fight in close combat.

“What!” An Yong Master was in great shock.

“Luo Feng has several massive bodies, and this, perhaps, might be his Mosha body,” Five Chaos Master guessed with a frown. “I couldn’t care less how he managed to ward off the soul attacks. That has nothing to do with me at all. I can totally suppress him, given my capability. What I am troubled over now is… after the battle, Luo Feng left quickly with no one knowing where he is heading off to this time.”

“Still on his way?” An Yong Master’s eyes narrowed into a glare. “Where, exactly, is this Luo Feng’s final destination?”

“Who knows?” Five Chaos Master shook his head.

The space of the black-striped stone pillars was vast and strange, and the 16 black-striped stone pillars were endlessly tall.

“Haha! After half a month, I finally found my own secret space chamber.”

Luo Feng looked at the far away black-tipped architecture and could not help smiling. He had already sensed something, and because it was a sensation that could only be detected well within a short distance, he had spent the past few days running around these 16 black-striped stone pillars.

“Five Chaos, oh Five Chaos. Your black token has fallen in my hands. Who knows… what else have you left here in this secret space chamber?”

Sou!

Luo Feng transformed into a streak of light and flew off at high speed.

The secret space chamber was massive. Its size was comparable to the flying gigantic rocks winding about the black-striped stone pillars. When Luo Feng flew to stand before it, he felt how small he was, but when he used his hands to lightly touch the walls, he easily went through them.

“Huh?” Luo Feng was surprised and let out a laugh. Thereafter, he took a step forward and his entire being passed through the wall of that structure to enter within.

There was an individual space within the secret space chamber— towering, vast, and endless. Only the master of a black token could enter. Any other great being, regardless of whether they were a universe supreme master or not, could banish all thoughts of breaking into this space. For eternity, no other great being was able to destroy a secret space chamber. Even if it was the secret space chamber of this black token, which was at the lowest level of the secret space chambers of the three great tokens.

“This is huge.”

Luo Feng was suspended in midair as he looked down at the vast land. On the land covered by the rolling mountains, there was a part that seemed to be shaved flat; one look at the smooth rock walls, and he could see a large number of diagrams of secret engravings and transcripts.

Sou!

Luo Feng descended swiftly to land on the starting point of the countless sculptures of engravings and transcripts. On it, there were ancient writings that he was not familiar with. These were different from the writings left behind by the civilized ancient existence in the Universe Boat. Yet they contained a strong willpower of their own and could easily transmit information to onlookers.

At Luo Feng’s level, a large amount of information could be transmitted to him even through a mere piece of the painting.

“I am Nine Mortal Master! This black token has been here with me for countless generations. Generations of great beings have been annihilated, with only some traces that could be distinguished. This is something that I have always lamented about. So… I have a thought. I hope that in the future, the successive owners of this secret space chamber could leave behind some information about themselves. At least when their end is near and they will thus be annihilated, future generations shall know of them. I have lived for almost three generation eras. My end is nearing. I have been waiting in silence. If I am to die, the later generations can have my treasures. Haha. It’s just that, I don’t know who from the later generation would have such an opportunity.”

“I am Sparrow Spring! Senior Nine Mortal’s treasures have since become my possessions, and I am thankful to Senior Nine Mortal and the seniors before him. Perhaps this secret space chamber has had many other masters before, but the information was not detailed enough, so I have proclaimed Senior Nine Mortal as its first space owner. I shall be the second, and if I am unable to avoid doomsday, then I shall leave these valuables here. These are the diagrams of secret techniques that I have comprehended…”

On the vast and spacious rock wall, there was a large number of sculptures. Every sculpture represented a different space master.

“I am Imperial Eye Master, 193rd space master! The previous senior did not leave anything behind! Haha! But having roamed the three most dangerous lands, the most annoying thing to take note of was that there were many unknown places within the three most dangerous grounds, and thus, many unknown dangers. So I came up with an idea. Every space master should leave a map related to his own findings of the three most dangerous lands. Every generation thereafter will then supplement the map with more details! And this map shall always be left here! I believe, after countless generations, this map will become more detailed and will be the greatest boon to owners of this secret space chamber. I shall leave my map about the three most dangerous lands here.”

Venturing along the smooth rock walls, Luo Feng could see the writings left behind by generations of space masters. Looking down the same eye line, there seemed to be no end.

“Haha! You later generations, just cry your eyes out! I will destroy everything accumulated about the three most dangerous lands on this map. Remember, I am Piercing Master! The 1,928th space master! I left behind, no treasure at all! Haha…”

The more he looked, the more transcripts he found.

Further down, another space master left a map that sparked the transmission of a rich pool of information. There might be interruptions or intentional destructions in between, but the majority chose to transmit and hand down the recordings accumulated and collected in this map; it was a tradition. In the map, many great beings had chosen to leave their diagrams of secret techniques which they were so proud of.

“I think the number of space masters may have to be calculated in units of tens of thousands.”

Luo Feng looked on silently, as though he could see the change of space masters, generation after generation.

With the passing of endless time, everything had dispersed within Universe Ocean, leaving no traces in this secret space chamber.


Chapter 1213: Message

The crag appeared boundless.

Luo Feng was walking while looking at the records on it.

Even if one space master only represents one universe era, it’s much more than 10,000 universe eras, he thought. Besides, lots of great beings here have lived for three universe eras. When the old space master dies, it will take a long time for the next master to find the black keepsake.

He kept reading them. Lots of great beings had left the engraving pictures of their techniques here. Apparently, they had devoted a great deal of energy to it, and they were formed by their best efforts. Even though Luo Feng had already reached the universe master level on the engraving path—and most of the techniques here had been left by universe masters, while only a few had been left by universe supreme masters—he was still amazed.

Techniques could be created this way? There were techniques like these?

Luo Feng walked under the crag, admiring the engravings.

I, Feng Gu Ling, am the 20,293rd space master! There are nine universe supreme masters here in total, including me. Just like them, I’ll venture in the incarnation like the previous ones. Adventuring in the incarnation is extremely dangerous. I took my chances in Flowing Countless Mountain and got a piece of armor that is extremely powerful and second only to supreme true treasures. It’s named Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor! I’ll leave the armor and some pinnacle true treasures I don’t need here for the juniors. As for the map of the three Lands of Extremis, I can contribute more to it! This black keepsake space… Lots of great beings have contributed to bettering the map. Though dozens of them chose to destroy the map, most tried to improve it. I hope my posterity can continue improving the map.

I, Five Chaos Master, am the 20,294th space master! I got the valuables left by senior Feng Gu Ling. I feel exceedingly blessed. I’ll better the map and leave behind some true treasures that I don’t need. I’ve created lots of techniques, and the most powerful one is Five Beast Great Extermination.

This was the end.

“Valuables?”

Luo Feng surged and flew into the sky above the mountain. He looked around.

“Five Chaos left a valuable here?” Luo Feng read carefully. “Up!”

Suddenly, a silver wing showed up on Luo Feng’s back. With his power trembling, driving the engravings on Shi Wu Wing, a blurry, golden light permeated. Even though the surrounding space was enormous, it was larger than the inspection area of Golden Country. He inspected the entire area with one thought.

“There are no valuables.” Luo Feng shook his head. “There’s only a map in the independent space. Maybe Five Chaos Master took all the valuables.”

He moved his feet and reached the apex of the mountain in the distance. There was a black crystal pillar at the apex providing a dim light. Luo Feng knew that this crystal pillar carried the map of the three Lands of Extremis. It was a combination of nearly 900 space masters. Each space master would improve the map based on what they knew.

“Even though Five Chaos left his will, it has been a long time since his true death, so he didn’t leave true treasures here.”

Luo Feng figured that Five Chaos Master had planned to leave most of the valuables here. But now? No way!

“This map is extremely valuable.”

Luo Feng walked to the black crystal pillar, defying the blowing wind. He sent out a trace of his godly power and penetrated the pillar. Three stereoscopic pictures showed up in his mind. They were Flowing Countless Mountain, Universe Boat, and Tilted Peak Sector!

“Such a detailed map!” Luo Feng grinned. “No wonder! It’s a map made by nearly 900 space masters. Unfortunately, dozens of space masters chose to destroy the map. Damn it. Otherwise, the map would have been more detailed.”

Jie Fanzi was indeed amazing. However, the map of Universe Boat left by Jie Fanzi was much more basic than the map contained in the black crystal pillar. Even though nearly 900 space masters had improved the map, only one of them was a supreme master: Feng Gu Ling! This was why the map of the inner area was very thorough, yet the part of the center was blurry.

“I’ll contribute my part of the map.”

Luo Feng immediately put it in, inserting the three Lands of Extremis into the pulling traces diagram. He stood at the apex of the mountain, holding the pulling traces diagram as he entered all the information on the map.

“Huh? This…”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. He held his breath and became excited. His hands shook involuntarily.

“Hahaha…! Five Chaos, you’re too kind. You gave me the Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, and you gave me the black keepsake.” Luo Feng grinned and grew even more excited. “I’ve been worried—worried about how to get the valuables left by Jie Fanzi. The valuables left by Jie Fanzi are in the green keepsake space, which at the periphery of the core area of Universe Boat. It’s extremely dangerous. Even now, I can’t guarantee that I can survive there. However, you gave me the black keepsake. And I get a better map!”

Luo Feng was ecstatic. He could now understand why the great beings in Universe Ocean valued the map so much. It detailed all the routes in the three Lands of Extremis, and it detailed all the dangers in those areas. Its importance couldn’t be overestimated.

Before, he didn’t dare to go get the valuables left by Jie Fanzi. The map perfected by the 900 space masters documented most routes in the inner area, and it was much better than the one left by Jie Fanzi.

“The green keepsake leads to the deepest part of the inner area, and it’s at the periphery of the center,” said Luo Feng. “The deeper it gets, the more dangerous it’ll be. Fortunately, the new map is very comprehensive, and there’s a safer route.”

Even with Star Tower and the silver wing, he might have been trapped in some areas, and he couldn’t ask Sitting Mountain Guest for everything. But now that he had a more detailed map, it would be much easier.

He indeed needed valuables, as he needed to repair the white wing, and it required extremely valuable material—even a pinnacle true treasure. Those perfect six pairs could be combined to form a terrific true treasure better than almost all other supreme true treasures. “Got the map. I’ll now leave for the green keepsake space.” Luo Feng nodded. “All I need is for Mosha body to sharpen his will here! There are sixteen black-striped stone pillars, and one of them is occupied by Blood Orchid Ancestor, so no great beings want to go there. There’s another stone where Bei Chi Star Master stays, and many universe masters gather there. As for me, I can certainly choose another black-striped stone pillar and practice by myself. Besides, I can’t use my domain to inspect the areas around black-striped stone pillars.”

Luo Feng smiled and flew behind the smoothest crag like a streak of light.

The 20,293rd space master was Feng Gu Ling. He was a universe supreme master and left Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor and other valuables. The 20,294th space master was Five Chaos Master.

“Haha…”

Luo Feng suddenly smiled, standing in front of the crag. He pointed his finger, and golden light pierced into the crag. He started to write. He infused his strong willpower into it, so that those who didn’t know the common human language would also understand it.

“I, Milky Way Horde Leader, am the 20,295th space master! I killed the last space master, Five Chaos Master, and took the Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor and the black keepsake. Unfortunately, I didn’t give him a chance to put some true treasures here.”

Luo Feng waved his fingers, and the light carved the words. Suddenly, it stopped.

“I’ll finish just half, for now,” whispered Luo Feng. “I’ve only lived for just over ten eras. That’s nothing compared to one whole universe era. I’ll continue in the future. Hahaha! The space master before Five Chaos Master, Feng Gu Ling, got Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor but never used it. Then the last space master, Five Chaos, got it. Yet now, I have it. Interesting, interesting!” Luo Feng put down his fingers, looked at those characters and exclaimed, “I don’t know how far I can go! Will I end up leaving my last will here, along with my regrets, after three universe eras?”

And then he smiled. Other great beings might have been sad at this thought, but he had only practiced for just over ten eras. Nobody could predict how much he would accomplish in the future.

“Let’s see whether I’ll disappear in Universe Ocean or create a holy land universe and live forever.”

Luo Feng flew off into the distance, and he reached the end of the space immediately. He flew out of the independent space. The towering black-striped stone pillar was right in front of him, piercing the mist.

“Bei Chi Star Master is around the second black-striped stone pillar, and there are lots of great beings,” said Luo Feng. “It’s quiet around pillar Number 11. There are no great beings around.”

Luo Feng flew toward pillar Number 11. After a long time, he landed on a huge rock that was spinning around it. The rock looked like a continent, and the folds on it were like canyons and mountains.

Luo Feng stood in front of a canyon, and a rock appeared in his hand. It was his transformed Mosha body.

Luo Feng threw the rock into the canyon.

Mosha body can’t be identified by sight, thought Luo Feng, and domain type true treasures can’t find it. He can just sharpen the willpower here. Nobody can find him. By the time my Mosha body disintegrates, my willpower will have reached the level of a universe supreme master.

Luo Feng was looking forward to it.

He flew away from the flying rock, leaving the black-striped stone pillar space. From there, he flew to the deeper areas in Universe Boat.


Chapter 1214: The Map

After leaving the space of the black-striped stone pillars, Luo Feng continued to venture deeper within Universe Boat, where the environment was fraught with more adversity and danger! Compared to annihilation due to fights with other great beings, the naturally-occurring dangers found within the three most dangerous lands, on the contrary… were the greatest cause of annihilation for universe masters. Even though some dangerous lands had been identified after many years of verification, there were occasional accidents that happened due to unforeseen circumstances.

Accidents. Within the three most dangerous lands, accidents might possibly happen anytime.

“Roar!”

A dark, bluish wind raged on, sweeping through the vast space. This endless wind that contained icy frost had caused the vast space to solidify. Therefore, not a trace of ripple or wave could be detected. The degree of coldness was enough to harden and shatter godly bodies of universe masters into powder, thus annihilating them. If it was to brush across the godly body of a universe master, the other party would feel as though a knife was slicing pieces off his body.

A crimson stream of light was breaking through layers of raging winds and advancing at high speed.

“The deeper I get within Universe Boat, the more dangerous it gets,” said Luo Feng. “There are even several places that require one to traverse with a palace type true treasure. I believe that any beings able to make it this far… are those with pinnacle palace true treasures.”

Luo Feng was comfortable and snug in the core control room of Star Tower as he sat on a soft, fluffy couch. The tea table before him was laid out with an exquisite tea set specially prepared for him by his wife, Xu Xin. The tea leaves used were naturally of premium quality. The amber-colored tea within the teacup was piping hot, and steam could be seen.

“Even if it were a universe master, or even if I am as powerful as Ice Mountain Master, I still have to stay inside Star Tower.” Luo Feng held his teacup. “Along the way, I have traversed many dangerous lands where even the most common kinds of raging winds, winter cold, or flying rocks could easily destroy a top-tier palace type true treasure.”

Top-tier palace true treasures were difficult to destroy even by a full force attack of a universe supreme master. However, the natural environment within the Universe Boat made this possible. This was merely within the internal domain. Of course, when in the deeper region of internal domain, the space of the black-striped stone pillars could actually be considered to be a boundary, meaning to say that before the space of the black-striped stone pillars, the degree of danger would be considerably small, but beyond the space of the black-striped pillars, the danger involved would apparently get more terrifying.

“This is merely the internal domain! Its natural environment had already surpassed the full force attack by a universe supreme master.”

“If it’s the core land, how terrifying would it be?” Luo Feng mused to himself. “Just the power of a minute ripple would have surpassed that of a universe supreme master. No wonder at the core land, even universe supreme masters with supreme true treasures might get annihilated. Luckily, I have a map.”

Luo Feng felt even more fortunate that he had managed to obtain the black token earlier on. The secret space chamber that the black token led to had allowed him to obtain this map left behind by generations of space masters, and it was a wealth of information. Originally, from the space of the black-striped stone pillars to the ‘space of the green token’… even with Star Tower, Luo Feng dared not venture there, but with this detailed map, he could choose another route that he dared tread upon!

“This map is extremely important. I believe my fellow members of the human race and other races would also be in urgent need of it. If every one of my fellow humans is able to own a copy of this map, I think the number of true treasures they can obtain will increase by leaps and bounds.”

Luo Feng nodded slightly. Then right away, his consciousness, which was located far away within the endless Remote Ocean of the primal universe, entered the virtual universe.

Luo Feng’s current body, avatar, and Remote Ocean body were stationed in the Milky Way Galaxy on a long-term basis, where he occasional headed for the Ancestral God School’s Bauhinia Island to accept inheritances! And there was also a body sustained by his godly power in the secret hidden space within the ninth level of Deep Abyss, which was kept there to comprehend the secret engravings of that place, while his Mosha body remained as a rock in the space of the black-striped stone pillars to sharpen and hone his willpower.

There were countless life forms within the universe; so long as they were alive and capable of thoughts, they would naturally have willpower!

The black-striped stone pillar… Until today, there was no great being that could touch it because the impact of its willpower was too strong. No great being, regardless of its life form, was capable of touching it. Now, Mosha body was at a vast and spacious rock.

The gigantic big rock was from a different domain where time velocity varied. The entire rock was in a place where time velocity had a space interval of 3,000 to 3,120 times.

Normally, Mosha body would sharpen and hone its willpower. By studying diagrams of secret engravings and laws under such oppressive conditions, his efficiency was apparently much lower— probably only one-tenth of his efficiency rate under normal conditions! However, because time velocity was much faster where he was, although he was performing the same tasks of studying diagrams of secret engravings and laws, his efficiency rate was much higher than when he was in the outside world.

In the virtual universe, on the summit of Thunder Island.

“Teacher!” Luo Feng shouted as he stood amidst the chaotic airflow.

From the far end of the chaotic airflow, a figure in a golden robe walked over. Luo Feng was originally smiling, but as he looked at the approaching figure, his expression started to change slightly. He could clearly see that the chaotic airflow surrounding the approaching golden-robed figure was vaguely changing. There were strange scenes of the creation of the world where all living souls were born; there were scenes of the destruction of the world, where both heaven and earth were destroyed.

Various scenes unfolded, only to dissipate.

“Luo Feng.” Primal Chaos City Leader made his way over, yet his gaze seemed faintly distant.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng bowed with respect. “Congratulations, Teacher.”

He was no fool. Naturally, he could tell that Primal Chaos City Leader had made a breakthrough.

Primal Chaos City Leader smiled and said, “Just a little breakthrough. I am still short of becoming a universe supreme master. But this breakthrough is already enough to give me a vague sense of that level of boundaries. The roads I walked, the paths I will be moving towards are all achievable. So long as I make it past them all, I will become a universe supreme master.”

“Congratulations, Teacher,” Luo Feng rejoiced. “I sincerely congratulate you.”

To become a universe supreme master, the most difficult part was finding a road that no other great being had taken before.

Many great beings had decided to take this road or to take an alternative road, but the road they chose might not truly be the road to the summit… It could lead to a dead end! Primal Chaos City Leader was originally extremely strong. Now, with another breakthrough, he could already sense that layer of boundaries. Such a sense of reaching the final summit was extremely accurate.

“Who knew how much time the final crossover would take. If I am unable to crossover by the end of this reincarnation era, then for my entire lifetime, I will no longer be able to crossover.” Primal Chaos City Leader sighed.

“En.” Luo Feng nodded.

Only the primal universe was able to breed universe supreme masters!

“You are here to look for me, what is it regarding?” Primal Chaos City Leader asked.

“Happy event.” Luo Feng laughed.

“What happy event?” Primal Chaos City Leader also joined in the laughter.

Luo Feng did not elaborate further. He pointed right into the void space ahead of them. With a move in his mind, the chaotic airflow in their surrounding void space started to evolve into a huge vessel—a discontinued, towering mountain peak. A gigantic mountain range with overlapping mountain peaks where countless majestic waterfalls cascaded. At the same time, within the internal parts of these three, various scenes appeared, and there was abundant detailed information for every scene that emerged…

“A map?” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng with a look of surprise. “A map of the three most dangerous lands?”

“I will now send it over to you. Please take a thorough look.” Luo Feng stopped the mysterious act.

The map of the three most dangerous lands was extremely detailed and contained a large number of wordy explanations. If he were to try to make out everything on the map alone, he would never be able to succeed in finish everything within a couple of days.

A moment later, upon receiving the map of the three most dangerous lands, Primal Chaos City Leader took a thorough look and was no longer surprised; he was shocked! The map was detailed to the extent of exaggeration. It far exceeded the map of the three most dangerous lands that the human race had, and this level of exceeded expectations made Primal Chaos City feel a little jumpy with apprehension.

“How can a map be so detailed? This—this… Even the map of the Two Holy Land Universes could not hold a candle to.” Primal Chaos City Leader was apparently very excited. “Luo Feng, where did you get this map? This is a priceless map! No one would leave it lying around, and without being powerful enough, no one would dare bring it about.”

Luo Feng laughed. “When I was in the internal domain of Universe Boat, I got lucky and discovered a black token. After arriving at the space of the black-striped stone pillars and entering the individual space of the corresponding secret space chamber of that black token, I discovered the map.”

“Black token?” Primal Chaos City Leader was confused. “A black token is not very precious. There are great beings being annihilated every reincarnation era, so there will always be some black tokens scattered in every corner. You being lucky enough to have chanced upon one is not surprising. But the individual space that the black token led to should be an ordinary individual space. How did it come to contain such a precious map?”

“The story goes like this.” Luo Feng sighed, then explained, “In that individual space, there was a rolling mountain range, yet the rock walls of that mountain range were shaven to flat ground by a certain great being countless thousands of reincarnation eras ago—or even longer. Then he left words and diagrams of secret engravings on it… Therefore, for generations of space masters after him, one after the other, they added on to the map, making it quite rich in information. Although a handful of space masters deliberately wanted to destroy the map time and again, by the time I claimed ownership, there was still information from nearly 900 space masters on this map. That is why this map of the three most dangerous lands can be so detailed.”

Primal Chaos City Leader was speechless, almost immediately, he laughed. “Hahaha… The luck of our human race. Our luck.” Primal Chaos City Leader laughed nodded. “True enough, it is normal for any space master who is about to face doomsday, with his entire race about to be wiped out, to want to leave behind a map. Generation after generation, this has been happening. This is what makes that individual space of this black token of yours so incomparably precious. Any generation of great being that has the chance to own it is considered lucky. Come come, come. Quickly come along with me to meet Huge Axe. This is a massive contribution you have made. No matter what, the race must thank you, big time. Based on the detailed information on this map of the three most dangerous lands, our human race can easily gain more true treasures of better quality. The ability of our human race will only become stronger with the passage of time.”

“I don’t see the need for me to go,” Luo Feng replied. “I will pass the map to you, and you can pass it over to Huge Axe.”

“That’s fine with me.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded.

“Then I will take my leave.” Luo Feng left right away, disappearing from his spot.

Primal Chaos City Leader watched Luo Feng disappear; in his heart, he could not resist a sigh. This disciple, Luo Feng, was indeed out of the ordinary. His capability had improved tremendously, which greatly benefitted their race time and again… Like previously, during the rise of Teacher Origin and Huge Axe Creator, they both accomplished various amazing feats that never failed to leave people in awe and dumbstruck. The rise of every great being was, in itself, a legend.

“The encounters my disciple has come across can be considered legends… It seems that in the future, he will likely be able to make a name for himself within the list of supreme beings.”

Primal Chaos City Leader laughed to himself. Thereafter, he made his way to meet Huge Axe Creator.

Before that simple and plain godly palace.

“The heavens have bestowed on us humans! The heavens have bestowed on us humans! Hahaha! This map of the three most dangerous lands… With this map, throughout the whole of Universe Ocean, there would only be a few groups of top powers that could be comparable to us humans.” Huge Axe Creator laughed heartily. “Previously, after the incident on Universe Boat, I did not have many opportunities. Therefore, I have left Universe Boat and returned to Tilted Peak Sector, which is my lucky land. The map that I previously obtained after the annihilation of Yuan Ao Master was split up, I was just worrying about the incompleteness of the map. With this map to make up for the other one, I will have an easier time in Tilted Peak Sector.”

“Primal Chaos City Leader,” Huge Axe said right away. “Luo Feng has made a major contribution this time. Let’s determine it as 20,000 contribution points.”

“All right.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded.

“If you work harder for further improvement, you will become part of the list of universe supreme beings.” Huge Axe sighed. “By then, our human race would be stronger! With your help, perhaps I can have a shot at… trying to think of a way to rescue Teacher Origin.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded gently.

He also knew of this…

Teacher Origin had been eternally suppressed. If he wanted to regain his freedom, how difficult would that be? However, so long as power was strong, nothing was entirely impossible.


Chapter 1215: Boat

Swamps were everywhere in the deep area of the inner area of Universe Boat. Above it was the boundless Lava Ocean.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Lots of lava fell from the sky, and it clotted before it reached the ground. It turned into black rocks, which grew softer. They flew like black mercury and formed the black swamp.

The Lava Ocean was at the top, and the black swamp was at the bottom. This was the infamous Flame Ice Region. As it was in the deepest part of the inner area, there were millions of dangerous places, which was why they were all given random names, but the dangers couldn’t be overlooked.

Gu! Gu! Gu!

Suddenly, bubbles started to show up on the black swamp. More and more bubbles showed up, and some black swamp water was blasted out. Ripples showed up on this area, and they spread.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

The black-swamp area started to tremble, and it was horrifying.

Around ten light years away from that area, a small but delicate palace with a steeple was floating. Inside the palace were three great beings. All of them had single-eye phantoms on their backs. Apparently, they were great beings from the Divine Eye clan!

A giant man in golden armor smiled. “Although it’s extremely dangerous in Flame Ice Region, the dangers can be identified. It’s a good place in Universe Boat. There are rarely any true treasures born, but every time one emerges, it’s at least a pinnacle domain type or palace type true treasure. Shadow Dust, I’m so jealous that you two are stationed here in the long term.”

“It’s indeed a great place, but there are also lots of powers here.” A small man from Divine Eye clan smirked. “The two holy land universes don’t care, yet several powers from the first universe era are also here. Are you really jealous, Golden Square?”

“Golden Square, let’s switch! Can we?” said a female from the Divine Eye clan in a loose black cape, smiling.

Shadow Dust Master and Sorcerer Sprite Master were two extremely powerful great beings from the Divine Eye clan. They were also partners. One of them was great at close combat, while the other was great at soul attack. They roamed Universe Ocean cooperating with each other, and they rarely met a match. Normally, they stayed in Flame Ice Region.

“No, I’m not going to switch.” The giant man in golden armor shook his head. “In the entire inner area of Universe Boat, there aren’t many good places that we Divine Eye clan know of. We spent a lot of energies finding that place. Though there aren’t as many valuables here as your place, it’s much safer!”

“You’re so timid.” Shadow Dust Master smirked.

Just when the female wanted to say something, she frowned.

Shadow Dust Master’s eyes gleamed as well, and he tried to sense it carefully.

“That direction!”

“It’s there!”

Shadow Dust Master and Sorcerer Sprite Master turned in the same direction, then made eye contact. They both knew that something had happened—something great happened!

“Do you want to go, Golden Square?” asked Shadow Dust Master.

“Congratulations. It seems that we’re about to get something,” said the golden-armored man. “Of course, I’ll go. Perhaps not only the Divine Eye clan is stationed there… You two alone might not be able to hold them. I’ll need to come and help.”

“We’ll give you benefits if you actually help us,” said Sorcerer Sprite Master. “But we won’t give you anything if you prove worthless. We need to make sure that you know this.”

“Of course.” The golden-armored man nodded.

“Let’s go!”

“Go!”

Sou!

The palace turned into a green light, and it moved forward in the space between the lava ocean and the black swamp.

In another space flew a pyramid-shaped building. Inside the pyramid, a bold man was drinking wine and looking outside through his palace true treasure. The horrible environment outside gave him chills.

“Huh?” The bold man frowned. “Is a new true treasure born? Am I really that lucky? I can’t believe I ran into something like this. I’ll go.”

Sou!

The pyramid sensed the direction and flew toward it.

The tiny, bloody light kept moving forward 100 times faster than light speed.

Inside the control room, Luo Feng sat looking at the outside. He held a cup of green tea in his hand, and there were engravings showing on his eyes. A small trace of godly power permeated.

“Huh?” Luo Feng’s eyes turned bright immediately. “Something special,” he whispered.

Space and time were very stable in dangerous places like Flame Ice Region. It was difficult for space and time to tremble.

“Have universe supreme masters used their power to break the laws? Is a true treasure born? Is a massive catastrophe coming?” whispered Luo Feng. “Probably true treasures being born.”

I’ve been in Universe Boat for almost 1,000 years, thought Luo Feng. I only got Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor by killing Five Chaos Master. As for the true treasures naturally born, the most precious one is the top-tier domain type true treasure Snow Fire Sector. I haven’t seen one pinnacle palace type true treasure. It’s time for me to find a better true treasure.

True treasures born in the inner area were all great. The best naturally born true treasure he had seen was a top-tier domain type true treasure, which was nothing in the inner area. In places like Flame Ice Region, top-tier domain type true treasures couldn’t even survive.

“I’ll go and see.”

Sou!

Luo Feng followed his sensation.

Flame Ice Region was vast, and teleportation was only possible at the periphery. Luo Feng could only fly.

After around a month…

“Um?”

Luo Feng frowned. He kept using his domain true treasure Snow Fire Sector, yet he touched another domain outside. It was a freezing domain.

“Are you Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng?” A godly power transmitted the voice inside the domain.

“Yes, I am. Who are you?” Luo Feng couldn’t tell by his voice alone.

“I am Deer Bug!” The godly power kept transmitting the voice.

“Deer Bug Master! How lucky I am to meet you here, Luo Feng replied.

He couldn’t tell by sensing the domain, yet now, he knew that it was Deer Bug Master, a supreme being from Purple Moon Holy Land Universe. Deer Bug Master was an ancient being—among the top beings of the Purple Moon Holy Land Universe. He was a level-six universe master because he had a supreme true treasure! A supreme true treasure named Deer Bug Godly Armor!

Deer Bug Master loved being alone, and he loved adventure. Usually, adventurers would die quickly in Universe Ocean. However, Deer Bug Master not only had the information support from Purple Moon Holy Land Universe, but he also had his own power and his true treasure to survive.

“Did you notice that as well?” asked Deer Bug Master.

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded. “I’m heading there.”

“Let’s go together, shall we?” said Deer Bug Master.

“Okay.”

Sou! Sou!

A beam of bloody light and a golden streak of light shot off.

After another three days…

“Huh?” Luo Feng looked at the thrilling scene in the black swamp.

A giant boat was rising from the swamp. The boat was black, and black liquid dripped from it into the black swamp. The black swamp churned, and black liquid sprayed out.

Aside from the pyramid and the bloody tower, there was another palace with a steeple was in the sky.

“Is it Shadow and Sorcerer?”

Shadow and Sorcerer?

Luo Feng could tell immediately that it must have been Shadow Dust Master and Sorcerer Sprite Master in the palace with the steeple.

“Yes, it’s me and Shadow Sorcerer—I didn’t expect Deer Bug Master to be here too,” said a clear voice. “Judging from the domain, it must be Milky Way Horde Leader.”

Luo Feng’s voice was transmitted. “It’s me.”

“I didn’t expect Milky Way Horde Leader and Deer Bug Master to be here together,” said Sorcerer Sprite Master.

“We’re heading to the same place,” said Luo Feng.

“Not happy seeing us here?” said Deer Bug Master. “Haha… I am exhilarated. I have met the birth of this Boat of Mausoleum. I’m so lucky!”

“Humph!”

Luo Feng couldn’t have cared less about the others. He was looking at the giant boat rising from the endless swamp, which seemed to be longer than ten billion kilometers. Luo Feng couldn’t tell what it was. He thought it was at least a pinnacle domain type true treasure.

Luo Feng was shocked. “It’s Boat of Mausoleum!”

There wasn’t much information about Boat of Mausoleum in the human race. The Mausoleum was a legendary place.

Based on the records, it was the resting place of countless dead great beings. Even though some great beings had gone in before, they didn’t see any bodies. At the same time, there were lots of valuables left in the mausoleum, so lots of great beings craved to going in. However, the younger couldn’t just go in like that. Even universe supreme masters couldn’t get in. However, one could enter Boat of Mausoleum.

“This is the legendary Boat of Mausoleum?” Luo Feng looked at the ancient boat carefully.


Chapter 1216: Deer Bug and Luo Feng

The towering, massive black vessel continued its ascent, causing the entire black swamp to tremble and vibrate.

Compared to the black vessel, Luo Feng and company seemed incredibly small—with respect to body size as well as aura! For every universe master present, if not for their true treasures, the moment they fell into the black swamp, they would be doomed for sure… Full-force attacks were unable to shake the black swamp, but this black vessel shook off a large part of the black swamp effortlessly.

“How do we seize this treasure? I have never heard of any method.”

Many thoughts coursed through Luo Feng’s mind. There were many legends of the Boat of Mausoleum, but no one in humanity had never possessed it before, and among the near-hundred groups of powers throughout the entire Universe Ocean, the two holy lands might be the only ones who had ever managed to seize it before, so it was understandable that no one knew how to seize this treasure.

Branding it with life imprints? Unlikely. If branding was possible, then Deer Bug Master, Shadow Dust Master of the Divine Eye Clan, and Sorcerer Sprite Master would not be so peaceful.

“Deer Bug Master.” Luo Feng suddenly did a voice transmission, this time it was directed only to Deer Bug Master, so Sorcerer Sprite Master and Shadow Dust Master were oblivious.

“Milky Way Horde Leader,” Deer Bug Master replied.

“I have little experience and knowledge, so I do not have any information about the Boat of Mausoleum. Although I have heard about its legends, I have practically zero knowledge when it comes to true facts about it. Would you, Deer Bug Master, be able to share some of your knowledge about it with me?”

“Hahaha… why should I tell you?” Deer Bug Master asked back.

Luo Feng merely smiled and replied, as if he did not mind, “It’s fine if you are unable to tell me anything. I will just follow you, Shadow Dust Master, and Sorcerer Sprite Master when you three get into action!”

“You really want to know?” Deer Bug Master suddenly asked.

“Of course,” Luo Feng replied.

“I’m fine with telling you, but I have one condition,” Deer Bug Master said. “I think there should be no other fellow great being from Purple Moon Holy Land here in Flame Ice region. When the Boat of Mausoleum has completely emerged, which I guess should be soon, summoning other fellow great beings is completely out of the question. They will not be able to make it here in time… I may be powerful, but I am afraid I will become a target of attack. Would you be willing to be at my beck and call for the time being? If you agree, then I will tell you detailed information about the Boat of Mausoleum. If not, forget it.”

“Agreed.” Luo Feng did not hesitate at all. “However, I will only follow your orders before the crowd; before the treasure, don’t blame me if I behave otherwise.”

“Before the treasure, of course we will depend on our own capabilities,” Deer Bug Master replied.

“Deal,” Luo Feng answered.

He knew why Deer Bug Master was fearful of the other groups of powers. Although Deer Bug Master possessed a supreme true treasure, that was only a supreme armor! Though strong in defense, when in face-to-face combat, it did not offer much of an advantage. Fighting with other great beings—for instance, a fifth-tier universe master against a fourth-tier universe master battling one another— the most the armor could do was to bring the fourth-tier universe master to a disadvantageous position. Killing was not very feasible unless it was with absolute restraint.

Like Clear Eye Master, his soul attack could bring his opponent into an instant daze, where all ability to resist was lost. Perhaps this kind of absolute restraint would work wonders.

Some fifth-tier existences were still able to survive when exchanging blows with universe supreme beings, so if they were pitted against mere sixth-tier universe masters, the results were obvious. Deer Bug Master was able to unleash his power, but the amount that he could unleash was probably only the amount a universe supreme master could release in the primal universe… Even though this would gain him an absolute upper hand, it would be extremely difficult to kill any one of his opponents or even to kill someone like Luo Feng.

“Since you have agreed,” Deer Bug Master said without further delay, “I shall provide you with information regarding the Boat of Mausoleum. Countless eras ago, the Boat of Mausoleum was a working tool for a group of ancient existences within the Universe Boat. Of course, that ancient civilization was very powerful… For instance, they created the black-striped stone pillars and the entire Universe Boat—both of which, none of us great beings in the Universe Ocean of today could cause to budge an inch.”

Luo Feng agreed on that. That civilization was indeed very powerful. Judging from clues left behind on various sources, many true treasures, even utmost supreme true treasures, were the legacy of that civilization. A certain degree of deduction was possible, just by looking at the informative writing found on a supreme true treasure, that they were exactly the same as the writings used by that civilization.

“There is a large number of unique objects within the Universe Boat —the black-striped stone pillars, bloody sea plate, Boat of Mausoleum, and others, for which the method of branding with life imprints to get them to recognize their masters will not work out. I am not so sure about types of objects like the black-striped stone pillars and bloody sea plate, but objects like the Boat of Mausoleum were more like tools, not true treasures.”

“For instance,” Deer Bug Master continued, “when you are hiding inside the Boat of Mausoleum and great beings attack from the outside world, the Boat of Mausoleum could counteract to a certain extent, but still, a strong impact would be transmitted all the way in. Meaning to say, the Boat of Mausoleum does not function like a palace true treasure, which can block off impacts to near-perfection. However, it is a valuable that is naturally able to block soul attacks. Because of the unique material it is composed of, virtual godly powers would not be able to penetrate it at all. Its defense is merely because of its unique material. Want to make it recognize its master? One must enter the Boat of Mausoleum and find its core control.”

“Core control?” Luo Feng repeated.

“Within the entire Universe Boat,” Deer Bug Master said, “there were several Boats of Mausoleum, but it takes ages for one to be born. Every Boat of Mausoleum has a different core control. So you better not think of finding out anything about core controls from me, because I myself am clueless.”

Luo Feng knew that Deer Bug Master definitely had certain information regarding the core control, but this was confidential and also involved seizing a true treasure. Why would he tell Luo Feng so readily?

“If you want to enter this Boat of Mausoleum, there is no other way,” Deer Bug Master said. “You must wait for it to open its doors. If it does not want to open on its own, then no one would be able to forcibly pry it open.”

Luo Feng persisted in his questions. “How long is the wait?”

“Very soon. The moment it is completely born, the doors will normally open automatically. Of course, there is a possibility of sudden delays…” Deer Bug Master sighed. “From the records of my holy hand, there was also a Boat of Mausoleum that had doors that refused to open upon complete birth. After more than 300 eras, a supreme being who was extremely skilled in refining true treasures made use of a secret technique to drive this Boat of Mausoleum, to finally stimulate it to open its doors automatically.”

“Refining true treasures?” Luo Feng felt a jolt.

“To refine a true treasure, one must first have a deep understanding of the civilization it originated from,” Deer Bug Master said. “Random great beings would not be able to fathom the treasures left behind by a particular civilization, but for those great beings skilled in refining true treasures, upon thorough and meticulous studying of the true treasures, they will be able to reveal the mysteries of these treasures. As for this Boat of Mausoleum, there is another piece of information. You should have heard this before; a single Boat of Mausoleum can take in 36 great beings to enter that tomb!”

“36 great beings?” Luo Feng only knew that the Boat of Mausoleum could bring great beings into the tomb.

“Only one chance to control and drive the Boat of Mausoleum…” Deer Bug Master said. “Once inside the tomb, the Boat of Mausoleum will leave and no longer be controlled. So, even if you manage to get hold of the Boat of Mausoleum, you must consider carefully whether you truly want to enter the tomb… Once you enter the tomb, you will lose the Boat of Mausoleum.”

The Boat of Mausoleum was slowly emerging from the black swamp; its speed might have been slow, but there was sustained, constant movement. Very quickly, it drew in a palace type true treasure, which was an Ancestral God School’s group of power from the first reincarnation era.

Generation after generation of reincarnation era… Regardless of which reincarnation era, there would always be the presence of the Ancestral God School. When in the primal universe, the Ancestral God School was generally very powerful. However, the moment the primal universe was destroyed to enter a new reincarnation era, these great beings of the Ancestral God School who were forced to live in their miniature universes no longer had the protection of the universe origin. Their powers would be weakened, and their degree of unity would be greatly reduced, thus appearing to be detached from one another.

A wild voice sounded. “Haha! Shadow Dust Master from the Divine Eye clan, Sorcerer Sprite Master? Deer Bug Master from Purple Moon Holy Land? Liu Jiu Master of the first Ancestral God School? The human race’s Milky Way Horde Leader?”

“This is… the Boat of Mausoleum?”

Hong!

A pale white light that just arrived immediately swept past the stream of light and charged toward the Boat of Mausoleum.

Luo Feng, Deer Bug Master, Shadow Dust Master, and the others were mocked amidst laughter as they looked on. They could see the pale white light landing on the Boat of Mausoleum, searching for a spot that was not tainted by the black swamp, then trying its best to brand the boat with its life imprints. Apparently, nothing was successful.

“Skeleton clan, you are just foolish!” Cold laughter sounded throughout the domain and resonated in that part of space. “We are all watching from afar, no one trying to make the boat recognize a master. Isn’t it obvious that a master cannot be recognized? You’re still trying to court your death by trying to make it recognize a master. What a joke.”

“Divine Eye clan, you are just idiotic!” said a shrill voice that suggested an untamed character sounded. “The others are not saying anything, so what nonsense are you speaking? Of course, I am aware that the Boat of Mausoleum cannot recognize a master, but still, I have to try. Who knows? This Boat of Mausoleum might be different from the others! And who knows? You Divine Eye clan might already have some who tried to make the Boat recognize a master before me.”

He was right. The Divine Eye clan had been the first to arrive. They had, indeed, studied the emerging Boat of Mausoleum carefully and attempted to get it to recognize a master. However, the Divine Eye clan was from the first reincarnation era; regarding information on the Boat of Mausoleum, they were lacking in quantity as compared to the Two Holy Land Universes.

“Foolish Skeleton clan, stop finding excuses,” the cold voice continued.

“Stop being so full of yourself, Divine Eye clan,” the shrill voice snorted.

The other groups of powers present did not make a single utterance. Skeleton clan and Divine Eye clan were both pinnacle clans from the first reincarnation era. Although the Skeleton clan might have been slightly weaker than the Divine Eye clan, it was still the latter’s archenemy. The talents of both clans cursed one another. For close to three reincarnation eras, ceaseless fights had been going on between the two clans. Being able to maintain such strong powers while under the suppression of the Divine Eye clan, one could imagine the power of Skeleton clan.

Time passed…

Another half a month passed, and no other groups of powers came. Now, there were five groups. Namely, Divine Eye clan, Skeleton clan, the First Ancestral God School, Purple Moon Holy Ground, and the humans.

Luo Feng knew he was alone, so what about the other groups? Everyone was within their own palace true treasures. How many great beings were in those palace true treasures? No one else knew. Perhaps the Skeleton clan had a few of those palace true treasures with only one person inside. Perhaps there were two great beings of the Divine Eye clan inside, or maybe there were more than two.

Before a battle took place, it was hard to say.

Hong!

The Boat of Mausoleum had finally completed emerging; the base of the entire vessel had left the black swamp and was vaguely seen suspended in the air. At the same time, the cabin doors were starting to vibrate.

“The cabin doors are about to open.”

“Milky Way, let’s go,” Deer Bug Master transmitted his command to Luo Feng right away.

Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng’s crimson tower followed close behind Deer Bug Master’s pyramid as they immediately flew toward the towering Boat of Mausoleum, which was quite a distance away.

“Hurry.”

“Keep a close eye on Deer Bug Master! He has the most information.”

“Keep up.”

The other groups of powers saw Deer Bug Master and Luo Feng dashing over; without a second thought, they immediately went ablaze with their godly power to propel their palace true treasures to the ultimate forms. Then, with speeds accelerated to 100 times light speed, they transformed into streaks of light and took off in the direction of the Boat of Mausoleum.


Chapter 1217: The Gate

All five entities, Luo Feng, Deer Bug Master, Divine Eye Clan, Skeleton Clan, and Ancestral God School transformed into five streams of light and flew across the void space, toward the Boat of Mausoleum.

Hong! Long! Long!

Floating across the sky above the black morass, the ancient boat was slowly starting to vibrate and tremble. Then a door appeared by the side of one of its outer walls. The door rose slowly. The passageway behind it got larger.

“Over there!”

“The cabin doors of the Boat of Mausoleum have opened.”

“Hurry up, get in.”

With a slight adjustment to their flight route, five streams of light charged in the distance into a straight line toward that passageway behind the rising door.

“Deer Bug Master, your power is the strongest, and also, you are the most familiar with the Boat of Mausoleum. I think it is best you be the last to enter!”

Crazy chortles sounded as streams of hazy, golden shadows swept toward Deer Bug Master in an unrestrained manner, and in midair, countless golden shadows were gathering and converging. Then, almost immediately, a large yet primitive machete was formed.

A voice belonging to First Ancestral God School sounded loud and clear. “Deer Bug Master, you already have a supreme true treasure. Why are you still vying for one with us?”

Instantly, numerous butterflies appeared in the void space; butterflies of various colors flew all over the place and all over one another. Then they charged toward Deer Bug Master in a frenzy.

“Deer Bug…”

Coincidentally, the two archenemies, the Skeleton Clan and the Divine Eye Clan, also started to attack Deer Bug Master. On the contrary, no one laid a finger on Luo Feng!

Obviously, Deer Bug Master was the greatest threat to them, as he was the most powerful one amongst them all, and he had the greatest understanding of the Boat of Mausoleum. If they did not act in concert to hinder him, the Boat of Mausoleum landing in the hands of Deer Bug Master was almost a given. Of every universe master present, not one of them was a fool. They would naturally know what to do.

A gigantic void space machete. Countless drunken butterflies, a white whirlwind… Under such a concerted attack, the golden pagoda that was originally flying at high speed instantly disappeared.

“Hoooo!”

In midair, a beast appeared. Covered all over with black scales, it had a large body which looked as though every inch of it was a weapon; on every joint of its several hundred pairs of sharp claws had a sharp barb, and its tail resembled a scorpion’s tail. Its tail was divided further into close to a thousand nodes and on around every node on its tail, there was a strange cyan color.

The moment the beast appeared, Luo Feng’s heart lurched. The only part of the entire beast that could be considered normal was its head, which resembled a deer-like beast!

“Deer Bug!” Luo Feng mumbled.

Deer Bug Master was able to transform himself into a formidable, frightening beast with the help of his supreme true treasure. As he had renamed himself “Deer Bug Master” after getting this supreme true treasure, this beast was called “Deer Bug.”

“Ho!”

Deer Bug pranced about in the void space, with that gentle-looking head letting out roars loud enough to cause the void space to tremble. The void space trembled and revealed visible ripples that spread out in all directions. That gigantic void space machete, countless drunken butterflies, a white whirlwind… were destroyed and shattered apart to finally be annihilated by these loud roars.

“Milky Way, follow me.” Deer Bug flew quickly but simultaneously transmitted his message to Luo Feng via his godly power

“Sure.” Luo Feng was secretly breathless, but he did not reduce his speed the slightest bit.

“Deer Bug has gone nuts. The moment he arrived, he started using his supreme true treasure.”

“Stop him!”

“Stop him! This Boat of Mausoleum—it must be ours.”

“Make him reduce his speed.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader, why aren’t you helping to stop Deer Bug Master? If he gets in there first, we will have no chance at seizing the treasure.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader, we will stop Deer Bug first.”

Two voice transmissions reached Luo Feng, both asking him to help in their attempts to stop Deer Bug.

“Humph.” Luo Feng, on the contrary, ignored their pleas.

“You will regret this in a while.”

“You all are really full of crap!” Luo Feng transmitted his reply. “Regret, indeed. Attack me all you want, if you have the guts.”

“Humph.”

“Humph.”

A few cold snorts sounded, then Divine Eye Clan, the First Ancestral God School, and the Skeletal Clan no longer paid heed to Luo Feng. At this point in time, they would not be distracted into dealing with him. Their biggest enemy was Deer Bug Master! The three were seen launching heavy, successive blows across the domain, crazily laying siege to Deer Bug Master. It was a common knowledge that those who dared roam the internal domain were usually only fifth-tier universe masters, and a handful of fourth-tier universe masters who were extremely strong in their ability for survival were sometimes seen roaming the internal domain. At that moment, the other parties were attacking Deer Bug from all directions with concerted efforts.

The beast, Deer Bug, galloped about the void space, letting out bouts of roars with sound waves of an incomparably powerful impact. Yet the Divine Eye Clan, the First Ancestral God School, and the Skeletal Clan were also attacking forcefully. Thus, Deer Bug Master’s speed was apparently affected and got much slower.

Sou!

The moment Deer Bug Master’s speed was reduced, the stream of crimson light following closely behind and instantly bypassed him.

It was Luo Feng!

“Don’t worry about Milky Way. He has no inkling about the internal layout of the Boat of Mausoleum.”

“We just have to stop Deer Bug Master, then everything will be fine.”

“Ho! Ho!” Deer Bug Master did not ask Luo Feng for help at all. Instead, he broke through the attacks, one after another, as he charged his way toward the entrance to the door.

The distance was still very far, so why were Luo Feng and company all moving so fast?

A stream of crimson light dashed through the entrance in an instant. Following closely were Deer Bug Master—who was moving under the influence of restrictions—and the Divine Eye Clan, the Skeleton Clan, and the First Ancestral God School, who all seemed to dash through the gate entrance at the same time.

“Huh?”

“This place is…”

Inside the Boat of Mausoleum, the environment seemed safe. One after another, the great beings exited their pinnacle palace true treasures—which was nothing impressive, as anyone who was able to make it through Flame Ice Region would at least possess a pinnacle palace true treasure.

“This…” The first to dash in was Luo Feng, and he was looking all around the place.

He had charged his way down the passageway after passing the gate, then very quickly arrived at an immeasurably large public square. Or was it a great hall? Whichever it was, it was easily 100 million kilometers in diameter and it was entirely empty. The incomparably smooth surface was all that one could see at first glance, and it was also all that one could see thereafter.

As for the border of the public square, there were numerous passageways, all leading in different directions. This confused Luo Feng, as he was at a loss for which direction to choose. If he made a wrong choice, much time would be wasted, and wasted time—no matter how short—would mean losing the core control to another great being. Then he would not be able to get it to recognize its master.

Deer Bug Master suddenly transmitted a message. “Milky Way, follow me.”

Sou!

Deer Bug Master flew far into the distance right away. Luo Feng’s eyes lit up, and he wasted no time in following closely, charging after Deer Bug Master.

From the Divine Eye Clan, only two universe masters appeared: Shadow Dust Master and Sorcerer Sprite Master. From the First Ancestral God School, only one turned up: Liu Jiu Master! From the Skeleton Clan, there was also only one: Jittery Sea Master! Upon seeing Deer Bug Master and Luo Feng making their moves, the four universe masters gave chase almost at the same time, as though they were trained to make conditioned responses.

“Keep your eyes on Deer Bug. He knows which way to go.”

“Stick to Deer Bug!”

“Don’t let Milky Way take advantage of the situation!”

Within an instant, all four universe masters who were giving chase from behind executed attacks that ranged from soul attacks to long-range attack types or even domain attacks. At that point, the four from behind and the two in front were exchanging blows at lightning speed. Yet all of them were still advancing forward at high speed.

Deer Bug must be using me to absorb some of the impact from the others, Luo Feng thought as he continued chasing after Deer Bug ahead of him.

“But compared to that group consisting of the Divine Eye Clan, the Skeleton Clan, and the First Ancestral God School—between those three groups of powers and me, I am the weakest. Even if I manage to stall Deer Bug Master… when we eventually have to fight for the treasure, how am I going to win those three all by myself? If I were to follow Deer Bug, then Deer Bug would be attracting most of the attention from our opponents, perhaps I would be able to gain from his misfortune.”

Luo Feng continued giving chase from behind.

Every single one of them had an agenda of their own.

Hu!

Hu!

Along the internal passageway of the Boat of Mausoleum, six figures were advancing at high speed. Deer Bug Master was indeed a common target for everyone, where his speed also got noticeably slower to become alongside Luo Feng.

Deer Bug looked at Luo Feng and said. “Milky Way, I think you will gain a great advantage if I am blocked.”

“I am also being attacked now.” Luo Feng was like a beast god, fast and furious, and his right claw attacked with occasional roars. Behind him, four great beings were in hot pursuit, but they were only hindering him from a distance, and they did not attack at full force. So why should Luo Feng be bothered?

“Right there!”

Deer Bug Master suddenly charged forward. A loud bang sounded. One of the horns on his head rammed into one side of the walls of that revolving corridor, rumbling sounded. The patterns on the corridor walls suddenly caved in, and soon after, there was a loud crash. A gigantic gate suddenly fell from the top. With a loud rumble, the gate fell. The four figures charged out in succession as they saw that gigantic gate, and all of them flared up instantly.

“Loathsome!”

“I have already told you that Deer Bug is the most dangerous one. Jittery Sea Master, you are an idiot. Why did you get distracted and attack Milky Way instead? That Milky Way knows nothing at all. The crucial secrets—would Deer Bug tell him? Blocking Deer Bug, even if we let Milky Way wander about in there, he will not be able to find anything in there.”

“Trash from the Divine Eye Clan, you only dare to say all these after everything has happened. Previously, when I was attacking Luo Feng, why didn’t you say anything?”

“All right, all right. Let’s hurry and find another passageway. This is the Boat of Mausoleum… There are many passageways within the boat that lead to other places. We don’t have this one passageway alone. Let’s hurry up. If we delay further, we never know what kind of method Deer Bug will use to shut the passageways.”

The female member of Divine Eye Clan, Sorcerer Sprite Master, grudgingly swung her feet hard at the gate.

Hong!

The gate did not move, but Sorcerer Sprite Master was forced to retreat three steps.

“Let’s go!” Sorcerer Sprite Master turned to leave, bringing Shadow Dust Master with her, and speedily left to search for another passageway.

Deer Bug Master and Luo Feng flew, one after the other.

“Deer Bug Master is indeed very impressive,” Luo Feng said. “You have my respect.”

“I have studied two Boats of Mausoleum so far, so why should you find it strange that I know more about it?” Deer Bug Master laughed and took a look at Luo Feng. At that moment, he had transformed back into his original appearance—a balding man. In a forthright manner, he said, “Milky Way, previously, when I roped you in, it was firstly to ensure that I have one less enemy. Besides, you are the only one who is willing to be roped in to be at my side. Secondly, it is to ensure that the other side has one more opponent. But now… you are kind of useless to me.”

Luo Feng was taken aback.

In fact, when the gate in that tunnel was lowered earlier on, he had started to practice due vigilance. Since there were no enemies from the outside, the possibility of Deer Bug Master turning on him was high. And his opponent’s power… obviously surpassed his.

“Rest assured, I have roamed Universe Ocean so freely for a long, long time, and I am definitely not like those lunatics from the first reincarnation era,” Deer Bug Master said in a carefree manner. “The Boat of Mausoleum is very valuable, even though it is still lacking compared to a palace supreme true treasure. It is superior to any other pinnacle palace true treasure! And with it, you can enter the tomb. It is very valuable. Even more valuable than a strange object, or extremely close to that of a supreme true treasure.”

“They can go crazy, but I am not about to lose my sanity. Because my life is so long, the most exciting part of it will be to go on adventures. And the most important process of an adventure? To obtain treasures. It is good enough if you have failed despite putting in your best. Failure means nothing at all.”

Deer Bug Master was very relaxed. At the same time, he transformed into light and advanced down the meandering passage ahead of them.

Luo Feng ignored him. Did failure really mean nothing? Was he not bothered at all?

If his race could live on for eternity, it meant that he would live on for eternity; if that was possible, then he, too, could afford to be so free and nonchalant!

“I have made a good guess,” said Deer Bug Master. “It is the core room right ahead. The core control should be in there.” Deer Bug Master took one look at Luo Feng, then said via voice transmission, “Let’s see who is capable enough—you or me—to be able to obtain that core control. To receive the entire inheritance… or die!”


Chapter 1218: I Am Duan Dong River Wu

“All right.”

Luo Feng said no more. He transformed into a beam of light as he continued flying at high speed; then, after taking a bend, he stopped before a huge, exquisite door. The colors on the door were an intertwining mix of gold and cyan. Its entirety annotated royalty. Thus, countless living souls would have considered it to be in a superior position far removed from the masses. They were full of apprehension and did not dare enter.

Luo Feng and Deer Bug Master’s willpower were extremely determined, as they pushed the door open almost at the same time.

Hong! Long!

The big door opened.

“Control room!”

Upon pushing open the door, they set foot inside a towering and spacious hall that was very beautiful. Within the hall, there were various decorative items on display; there were also some ornaments hung on the walls.

Hong!

The moment Luo Feng entered, he did not hesitate to release a large amount of godly power from his body. He charged about crazily in a random and haphazard manner and scoured all corners of the vast hall with his eyes flashing traces of insanity. It was as though he was thinking, I Luo Feng may not recognize which is the core control, but it is safe within the Boat of Mausoleum, and there are no traces of destruction from the external environment, so I could try to brand the treasures I found with my life imprints and get everything instantly verified once!

“I don’t even need to know which the core control is because I will try to get all of the items here to recognize their master.”

Luo Feng looked towards Deer Bug Master, who was a short distance away.

The moment Deer Bug Master entered the hall, he went around looking for the core control. When he saw how Luo Feng suddenly scattered his godly power without inhibitions, he could not help exclaiming, “Milky Way Horde Leader, what are you doing scattering your godly power in such an unrestrained manner?”

“What do you think I am doing?” Luo Feng laughed and asked. “I am not as experienced as you, Deer Bug Master, so I can only use such a silly method.”

“This is Boat of Mausoleum we are talking about; do you think branding it with life imprints is the way to get it to recognize its master? You think it is so simple?” Deer Bug Master teased and laughed. “Haha! I did not tell you before: To get it to recognize its master, its core control is the real method!”

Luo Feng’s face changed slightly.

Yes, that’s it.

The way of getting supreme true treasures to recognize their masters was complicated, which meant that getting the core control of Boat of Mausoleum to recognize its master would also be quite complicated.

“Do you know why I rallied you?” Deer Bug Master teased. “Other than the two reasons I mentioned previously, the third one would be… those guys from the first reincarnation era have seen more and were more experienced. Maybe among them, there will be someone who knows the way to get the core control to recognize its master. They are my greatest enemies! Come on, if you have the capability to find the way to get the core control to recognize its master, I will not interfere at all.”

While he spoke, Deer Bug Master was, on the other hand, probing around as quickly as he could.

“Indeed, you have a hidden hand,” Luo Feng whispered to himself. Everything was as he had expected. “Since it is so difficult to find, then…”

Luo Feng made a swift decision. The majority of his attention was placed on Deer Bug Master, carefully observing his various reactions like his expressions to help Luo Feng decide on his target.

Deer Bug Master’s expression was one of jest as he searched around for that core control in a leisure manner. Very soon, everything within that control room of the vast hall was searched. This caused Deer Bug Master’s expression to change slightly. Again, he searched through every object in that entire hall—more meticulously this time —and his expression changed drastically.

“How is this possible?” he said. “How can there be nothing at all? The core control, how can it not be in the control room? No way!”

Deer Bug Master glowered with rage. It seemed as though the various plans that he had made had all fallen through, and he found it unbearable.

After all, the worth of the Boat of Mausoleum was close to that of a supreme true treasure.

Solely the fact that it was indestructible had made it second only to a palace supreme true treasure. Plus, it could enter the tomb. Even Deer Bug Master only had one treasure that was more superior than the Boat of Mausoleum after countless years: his Deer Bug Godly Armor. Seeing how close he was to seizing the Boat of Mausoleum, only to see it slip through his fingers… How can he take it lying down?

“Deer Bug Master, I’m afraid you may have miscalculated.” Luo Feng laughed, then said gently, “This core control may not be in the control room.”

“What do you know?” Deer Bug Master grunted coldly. “The control room is where the master of the Boat of Mausoleum resides; that great ancient civilization was strict with respect to its hierarchical system, with the control room being where its master resided. The master was of incomparable nobility, and no other great beings would dare intrude. From the door you saw earlier to the core control, both have always been placed here at the control room. This is the usual practice!”

“Usual practice? How many Boats of Mausoleum have you encountered so far?” Luo Feng shook his head and laughed.

Suddenly—

“Huh?” Luo Feng’s expression changed slightly, and he turned to look behind him at the doorway that was a distance away from him.

Deer Bug Master also turned around to look.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Four streaks of light charged through the door almost simultaneously.

“Humph.” Deer Bug Master’s expression changed.

“Hahaha, Deer Bug Master, are you trying to stop us?” Jittery Sea Master of Skeleton clan laughed, and his laughter was filled with mockery. “But this is a gigantic vessel, after all. There are many ways to get about, and also, more than one route leading to the control room.”

“And by the looks of it, Deer Bug Master has yet to obtain the core control,” Sorcerer Sprite Master said.

“Hurry up and look for it,” Shadow Dust Master said.

Liu Jiu Master did not make a single utterance. He moved quickly and started to search for the core control.

“Humph,” Sorcerer Sprite Master grunted, and with a sudden wave of his arm, an immeasurable amount of golden blood splashed out in midair and divided into countless golden drops before falling over every single item in the hall.

“Divine Eye clan… indeed worthy of the Divine Eye clan, to be aware of such a verification method.” Deer Bug Master snorted.

“You think only you who are from the holy land universe would understand?” Sorcerer Sprite Master laughed coldly. Then, with a change of expression, he asked, “How come there isn’t anything here?”

Divine Eye Clan was known to be the top power of the third reincarnation era. When compared to the two holy land universes, they were an extremely close match. On the level of universe masters, the Divine Eye clan was weaker. But on the level of universe supreme masters, the Divine Eye clan was, on the contrary, more powerful than the two holy land universes. For close to three reincarnation eras, the amount of information that Divine Eye Clan has gathered was quite plentiful. Therefore, the clan was very well-informed.

This scattering of blood droplets was a way of verifying the core control. Once verified, the next step would be to get the core control to recognize its master, which was more complicated.

“Not here! There is no core control!” Shadow Dust Master looked shocked. “How is that possible?”

“Could it be that Deer Bug Master has already seized it?” Jittery Sea Master of Skeleton clan said with eyes that were burning with wild flames.

“If I had it, would I still be standing here like a fool?” Deer Bug Master jeered.

“Strange.”

“How can there be no core control?”

There were six great beings scattered around in that spacious hall, and at that moment, all were in a state of utter confusion.

Hong!

An intangible force suddenly befell them.

Deer Bug Master, Luo Feng, Shadow Dust Master, Sorcerer Sprite Master, Jittery Sea Master, and Liu Jiu Master all turned to look forward at the hall above the one containing the control room. There was an ancient throne, and at that moment, the intangible force was gathered on that throne to gradually give rise to a vague figure. Finally, the figure came into clear view.

The figure looked no different from any ordinary human form man. Two eyes, one nose, and one mouth. Two arms, two legs, black eyes, and yellow skin. Its hair was completely cyan.

“Just like a human.”

“He resembles an ordinary clansman from Purple Moon Holy Land, too.”

“Not a trace of oppression…”

Luo Feng and company all looked at that vague figure in shock. The cyan-haired human man seated high up on the throne was wearing simple armor that had streaks of floral patterns. At first glance, the armor was like an endless, rolling river with surging waves. He looked down with eyes staring coldly, then he introduced himself.

“My name is… Duan Dong River Wu!”

This sent shudders coursing through Luo Feng and the other five great beings.

Shadow Dust Master looked very solemn. “Wu? Wu is an extremely respectable title in that ancient civilization. If a name carries a Wu character after it, that person must be someone extraordinary.”

Deer Bug Master jested as he threw a look at Shadow Dust Master. “You do know some stuff, but with that little bit of knowledge, I think it is better you keep your peace. If great beings from that ancient civilization come to know of it, I think you will become the joke of the town.”

“Humph!” Shadow Dust Master gave Deer Bug Master a cold look.

The cyan-haired human man high on his throne did not seem to be aware of the situation below as he continued to say with indifference, “Descendants from endless reincarnation eras later, when you all finally meet me, I would have been annihilated for an unknown number of reincarnation eras. Previously, when I embarked on this final adventure with my general, I already knew that chances of survival were slim.”

“Indeed… This path was the most difficult one. Even for the greatest ship, or the bravest and strongest great beings, whatever or whoever is treading upon it would be bound to fail. Now that I know I am expected to fail, I do not wish to put an end to my inheritance. I, Duan Dong River Wu, am the 192nd Master of Duan Dong River! And the sole heir… Generations of ancestors, dying one after another in battles. When it was my turn, the inheritances had accumulated for so long that I lost count. If I die… the inheritance will be cut off with me. I have let the generations of ancestors down. I have remodeled this Boat of Mausoleum. It is different from the others. Within it… there are more dangerous lands, and lands of inheritances.”

“I can die,” he continued. “But generations of inheritances of Duan Dong River, cannot die off! If you all are feeling afraid now, you may leave. Otherwise, the moment you set foot upon this path, the dangers in your way will only intensify! Especially toward the end… when you come into contact with the one true inheritance from my Duan Dong River. Only the one receiving the inheritance may survive, or if none of you were able to receive the inheritance, then all of you shall be annihilated!

“The earlier you leave, the safer you are; the later you leave— especially when you come into contact with just a mere bit of inheritance—non-descendants from the generations of Duan Dong River who try to covet after our line of inheritance must die! Quick. Make your choice, descendants.”

The voice dispersed, and the figure on the throne vanished.

At one point in time, there was an oppressive energy over the entire hall. All six pairs of eyes contained craziness or excitement or worry. There was a wide array of emotions.

Inheritance! The true inheritance!

Why were the seven true masters of Divine Eye clan so powerful? Because the Divine Eye clan once found a complete series of inheritance among monuments, allowing the seven great true masters to be able to unleash an unbelievably strong power the moment they joined forces. That was why, among the Universe Ocean, the most precious inheritance would be a complete series where cultivation could start from a low to a high level!

But this inheritance… It was an inheritance from a pulse on Duan Dong River? From the sound of it, this pulse on the Duan Dong River was probably one that ran rampant—one from the great ancient civilization that was extremely strong and dominating.

Every pulse only had one heir. With a name that contained the Wu character, to remodel an entire Boat of Mausoleum, given his speaking tone and manner, and even to have followed his general out on a venture… This so-called general must have been a general from the Universe Boat. His status had to be extremely high.

Obviously, this inheritance from the pulse on the Duan Dong River was very precious. Even if this Duan Dong River wanted to die alone, the inheritance must be left behind! An endless and long-standing ancient inheritance… Earlier generations were probably much stronger than the current generation of Duan Dong River, which meant that this inheritance should not be judged based on the capability of Duan Dong River Wu. There was probably something more profound about it; the current generation of Duan Dong River had yet to reach that level of cultivation.

Regardless, the conclusion boiled down to one point: The inheritance of that pulse on Duan Dong River was a most precious inheritance.

However, the moment one was to tread upon this path, the result might be frightening. Once one touched an inch of that inheritance…


Chapter 1219: A Difficult Choice

Duan Dong River Wu’s voice seemed to vaguely resonate within the main hall of the control room, which made the silence within the hall even more apparent.

Deer Bug Master, Liu Jiu Master, Shadow Dust Master, Sorcerer Sprite Master, Jittery Sea Master, and Luo Feng were all going crazy, and their eyes were filled with agony as they struggled on.

Deer Bug Master was in a dilemma amidst his struggles. “To go or not to go! I am from the holy land universe, an eternal being, eternally free from annihilation… If I go, I will be at risk of being annihilated! But if I choose not to go… I will forgo this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.”

“How powerful is that ancient civilization?” Shadow Dust Master squinted his eyes, and the single-eyed shadow behind him was flashing and flickering. Apparently, the ripples of uncertainty he was feeling were extremely strong. “To be able to create the Universe Boat! Such a large quantity of items like the black-striped stone pillars, were only one out of the many items within the Universe Boat. This inheritance that Duan Dong River Wu is referring to—even when placed within the context of that ancient civilization—must be one-of-a-kind! What a valuable inheritance this must be… but for such an inheritance, the difficulty of obtaining it would be as expected…”

“A chance. The one and only chance—one and only chance!” Jittery Sea Master’s eyes were filled with insanity. “Bestow upon me the chance.”

“This time…” Liu Jiu Master’s perfect face registered traces of hesitation.

All who were present were in turmoil.

The same was true for Luo Feng, whose entire body seemed to be going out of control as his godly power raged and surged, producing waves in his surroundings. He had thought the fight to be for the Boat of Mausoleum; who would have expected that… the Boat of Mausoleum was only a supplementary item? The more prominent part of it was that it contained the extremely powerful inheritance of the ancient civilization!

The inheritance was certainly an object of great desire! Yet going after it also entailed the risk of annihilation!

Luo Feng was aware that he might have another body. But given the means of this ancient civilization—who dared to make a remark like “those who covet after our line of inheritance must die”—its punishment surely would not deal solely with one body.

Luo Feng was silently considering his options. “Should I go or not? I, Luo Feng, have gone through merely a dozen or more eras of cultivation! Even without this opportunity, I believe, with my power, I will be able to become a universe master easily. I can still become a universe master later… there is still hope! But the moment I accept this inheritance, I will be volunteering for a perilous adventure! Should I take the risk or not?”

Luo Feng was caught in a dilemma.

“I only have the confidence that I can become a universe master. But I am clueless about how I can become a universe master! Even if I do become one in the future, so what? At most, I can live for as long as three reincarnation eras.” Luo Feng quietly mumbled, “If I want true immortality, then I must achieve a successful breakthrough of a reincarnation era. What a pity. Throughout Universe Ocean, for countless eras, who has actually succeeded? Only the two holy land universes.”

Luo Feng recalled the individual space within the chamber of the black token, where he saw that smooth and shiny stone wall filled with information left behind by generations of masters of that space.

First master… Second master… Third master…

Starting from Nine Mortal Master, to Five Chaos Master, then to Luo Feng! There was a total of 20,295 space masters! As for the actual number of space masters before Nine Mortal Master, no one knew. Based on the current total, it was clear that an overwhelming number of reincarnation eras had passed.

“Endless reincarnation eras. And how many gifted talents were there? Merely two holy land universes. There will be universe supreme masters from every reincarnation era—a few dozen of them. For thousands of reincarnation eras or more, there must be so many universe supreme masters who have emerged. Who could achieve eternity?”

Luo Feng raised his head to look up at the throne in that hall. His gaze was ablaze. “This is the chance of a lifetime. That highly arrogant ancient civilization must have an extremely powerful inheritance! By my judgment, Duan Dong River Wu must be ranked at the top within the Universe Boat, so within that ancient civilization, this chance must also be very valuable. With this inheritance, I will be able to see a path that is much further ahead. A path that is higher than that of universe supreme masters; with the guidance of that inheritance, I will be able to achieve greater things and tread on higher paths!”

In that great hall, every one of them struggled with their own trains of thought.

Suddenly, a foreign aura made an abrupt appearance.

“Golden Square Master, since you have chosen to come out, I will let you out,” Sorcerer Sprite Master said coldly. “But what choice you make is your own business.”

A man in golden armor from the Divine Eye Clan appeared beside Sorcerer Sprite Master. This was Golden Square Master, who had been hiding within the palace true treasure all this time. Although he had not come out, he had been able to see and hear everything that had happened in the outside world very clearly. Naturally, he too, would not be able to resist the temptation.

Hong!

Another figure appeared beside him; it was a strange, lofty figure covered in dark red, which seemed to be fully composed of blood-red bones—a great being from the Skeleton Clan.

“Red Lark, this is a choice that concerns life and death, but I will not stop or influence you.” Jittery Sea Master said.

“Mm.” Red Lark Master nodded.

“All of you appear to have your own helper,” Liu Jiu Master said with a gentle wave.

Then beside her, a burly giant with eight arms and a body that seemed to be made entirely of stones appeared. In a low and rumbling voice, he said, “Liu Jiu, if you say you are going, I will go. If you are not going, then I shall not go.”

“Rock Giant Master? So, it is true that wherever Liu Jiu Master is, we will find you Rock Giant there, too.” Sorcerer Sprite Master snorted. “Deer Bug, do you have a helper?”

“Milky Way, do you have a helper?”

The Divine Eye Clan, the Skeleton Clan, and the First Ancestral God School all had helpers of their own. It was just that the number of helpers was usually limited to one. In fact, it was common practice that, within the deep region of the internal domain… unless one was extremely confident, like Deer Bug Master, the great beings would normally choose to act in pairs. Like Red Hawk Master and Jittery Sea Master acting together, Shadow Dust Master and Sorcerer Sprite Master taking action together, and Liu Jiu Master and Rock Giant Master taking action together.

And for Golden Square Master, he simply just happened to be around when this fight was happening.

“Since I started roaming Universe Ocean, I have always acted alone,” Deer Bug Master said right away.

Luo Feng shook his head. “I’m without a helper, too.”

“Haha… Three from the Divine Eye Clan, two from the Skeleton Clan, two from the First Ancestral God School, Milky Way, and me. Altogether, nine of us!” Deer Bug Master laughed out loud. “I’m afraid this is not going to be an easy choice, but it is an opportunity that comes by once in a lifetime. Even within my Purple Moon Holy Land, I have never heard of such a mysterious kind of inheritance. There are some ordinary inheritances, but I suppose those are left inside by normal great beings and obviously not on the same scale as Duan Dong River Wu’s inheritance! And when those normal great beings are annihilated, the little dangers that they leave behind are not major enough to threaten me.”

“But this Duan Dong River Wu. He dares to utter such words, I think. Even if he has been annihilated, the methods that he leaves behind will be powerful enough to deal with universe supreme masters.” Deer Bug Master’s eyes swept through the crowd, then said, “Everyone, please be thorough when you consider your options.”

Just as everyone was going through an internal struggle, on the throne where all energy seemed to converge, the cyan-haired figure took form again. That was Duan Dong River.

“Have you all made up your minds after careful considerations?” Duan Dong River stood up and slowly walked down while keeping his eyes on the nine figures below.

Luo Feng, Deer Bug Master, and the group of great beings were aware that this was merely a figure left behind by Duan Dong River and was controlled by something like an “intelligence.” The actual Duan Dong River had already been annihilated.

“Rise!” Duan Dong River pointed to the ground and gave his orders gently.

Hong! Long!

The hall was lifted and started to rise in an instant. A large, circular stone tile immediately rose up to reveal a deep hole. One glance into the deep hole and, vaguely, one could see a sea of dark red with occasional, contorted red airwaves…

“If you are willing to receive that inheritance, you may go down,” Duan Dong River said. “I shall choose the heir to my pulse of Duan Dong River according to our own methods; what lays in store for you all would be various tests that you have to pass, and you shall gradually get in contact with the inheritance. The moment you start getting in contact with the inheritance, your path will be fraught with life-and-death dangers. If you succeed in accepting all the inheritance, you survive! If you are unable to receive the full inheritance but merely receive traces of it… then you must die!

“If you are having cold feet now, you can leave right away. The gate will not shut after it has opened. You can even invite your fellow clans’ people and friends to try their luck. The more potential intruders, the better. This way, there is a higher possibility of finding the next Duan Dong River!” Duan Dong River’s gaze swept across the nine concerned figures. “Choose.”

After finishing his instructions, his form seemed to become nothing but dust. Then, with a slight tremor, he disintegrated to nothingness.

The circular stone tiles floated up.

Revealing an endless, dark red passageway… To go in or not?

“Doomsday is near, yet I am given such an opportunity,” Red Hawk Master said in a low voice. “Based on the methods of that ancient civilization, I may be from the first reincarnation era, but it is also possible for me to become a universe supreme and break through a reincarnation era! Even the ancient civilization… is unable to break through the restrictions. Once I get hold of that inheritance, it will guide the universe masters of my Skeleton Clan. When one of them is successful, we will all witness the birth of a third holy land universe. Haha…”

Hua!

A stream of dark red light flashed and disappeared upon creating a winding line in the air. Then it flew right into the deep, dark passageway and disappeared.

“This is the only change before the impending doomsday. How can I miss it?” Liu Jiu Master smiled, transformed into a stream of light, and made her way in.

“Liu Jiu!” said a low and thick voice. “If you are going, then I will go, too.”

Rock Giant Master followed without hesitation. He, too, transformed into light and flew in.

“Shadow Dust.”

“Sorcerer Sprite.”

Husband and wife looked into one another’s eyes and smiled.

“Let’s go!”

“Let’s go!”

Then they, too, went in together.

“Haha!” Golden Square Master let out a hearty laugh. “I would have to die anyway. This is just a moment earlier.” With that, he too went in.

In a moment, all the great beings from the first reincarnation era had entered. Only Deer Bug Master and Luo Feng remained on the outside.

“Are you going or not?” Deer Bug Master looked toward Luo Feng.

“What about you?” Luo Feng threw the question back.

Deer Bug Master’s gaze was airy as he commented, “Eternity? So what? The passions of my life lie in all those risky adventures… My clan will not be affected at all if I am gone. The holy land universe itself is an eternal existence. Throughout this endless era, this is an inheritance that is hard to come by. If I miss it, I will regret it. This risk may be the biggest one I take in my entire lifetime. Even if I were to embark on it and die in the process, I will still find it a worthy death. Haha… I will make a move first.”

Deer Bug Master transformed into light and flew right in.

In the entire great hall, only Luo Feng remained.

“If I were to be annihilated, being a universe knight, I still have a chance of resurrection. The price of resurrecting me may be big, but I can afford to shoulder it.” Luo Feng looked toward the dark red abyss. “Initially, I wanted to get my golden horned beast body to take Star Tower and leave this place, but the moment I am annihilated, Star Tower will become an item without a master and will drift about the Universe Boat, where it might end up in some dangerous lands. Or even be snatched away by other groups of powers.”

“If that is the case, I shall take Star Tower with me and try my luck in breaking through. With Star Tower, I have more confidence in dealing with the various dangers. I shall put in my everything and take a gamble! If I succeed, my human race can live on for eternity!”

Sou!

Luo Feng transformed into a streak of light and charged into that dark red abyss without further hesitation.


Chapter 1220: The Clans

Flying through the crimson waves, one could feel how distorted time and space were. There was a feeling of flying through the universe tunnel.

Hua!

There was a flash of light.

Before him was a hall faintly enshrouded by a light, white mist. The material of the hall was the same as that of the passageway of the Boat of Mausoleum, and the various materials within the cabins were all suffused with a deep grey. Inside the hall, there was Deer Bug Master, Shadow Dust Master, Jittery Sea Master, Liu Jiu Master, and another four universe masters. All eight of them turned over to look.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew over right away.

“Milky Way Horde Leader, you have cultivated for only a dozen eras, which is extremely short, and you dare to come here!” Deer Bug Master laughed.

“We were just discussing whether Milky Way would come or not…” Shadow Dust Master said with a very kind look. “If I were you, with this being the primal universe and with doomsday still two reincarnation eras away, I would still be able to live for so long. So long. With such a short cultivation period but such great achievement, there is no need for you to come and fight it out with us. Actually, you can still make a full retreat now.”

“Since I have come, I will not back away,” Luo Feng said casually.

“Humph! Being here is the same as courting death,” Jittery Sea Master said, shooting Luo Feng a hostile look.

“Since our junior here wants to die, there is no need to bother about him,” Red Lark Master also said in a hostile tone. The skeleton clan was originally a crazy and cold race. They were only united among their kind; they treated the rest of the world with equal enmity. Especially Luo Feng, who has such a high achievement even though he had only cultivated for a dozen eras. For him, there was an additional trace of jealousy.

Actually, out of everyone present, Shadow Dust Master, Sorcerer Sprite Master, and Red Lark Master—who had chosen to try their luck and take the risk in coveting the inheritance—were the ones who hated Luo Feng the most!

They were well aware that the selection of an heir normally placed much emphasis on areas such as improvement, speed, and comprehension level. One had cultivated for a dozen eras, and another had cultivated for close to three reincarnation eras, yet their achievements were comparable. Who would Duan Dong River choose? It was needless to say! Now, they could only hope that the methods that Duan Dong River left behind were unable to determine how long a great being had lived. Yet they all felt that Duan Dong River was too unfathomable, so they were full of uncertainty when it came to him. More of them prayed that Luo Feng would back out as early as possible.

When all nine of them, including Luo Feng, had gathered in that misty hall and were all engaged in a heated exchange of sarcastic remarks, an intangible energy suddenly started to gather by their side. Eventually, it gave form to a figure. This was the green-haired man, Duan Dong River.

“All nine have arrived.” Duan Dong River’s gaze swept across the nine great beings, and he nodded. “Let’s begin with the first round of selection.”

“Selection?”

Deer Bug Master, Shadow Dust Master, and Luo Feng all felt knots within their chests. No one dared to claim that he would be able to pass the selection.

“Rise!” Duan Dong River pointed at the somewhere far on the ground of the hall.

Hua!

The ground suddenly split in half. Then a strange machine gradually emerged from beneath. It was entirely dark red in color. On its surface were many secret engravings of various laws. The secret engravings were so mystical that they made every great being present go dizzy due to a lack of understanding.

Ka!

A crack suddenly appeared on the magicube instrument to reveal a door.

“Go in one at a time,” Duan Dong River said right away. “Selection will be done one at a time. Only one can enter each time. Let’s begin.”

The nine great beings looked at one another. Who should go first? The strange and unpredictable magicube instrument looked quite dangerous. At that moment, not a single great being present was willing to be the first to enter.

Duan Dong River pointed at Deer Bug Master. “You, go in.”

The other universe masters from the first reincarnation era relaxed instantly and even started jesting.

“This is merely the start of the selection process; Deer Bug Master will succeed for sure.”

“Yes, how can this be of any difficulty to Deer Bug Master?”

Deer Bug Master merely smiled. Without a word, he walked toward that magicube instrument and stepped into it. Soon, a cracking sound was heard—the doors of the magicube instrument shut.

The secret engravings on the surface of the magicube instrument lit up.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Bouts of strong energy waves were churning inside the magicube instrument, and the entire magicube instrument went from an initial dark red to a dazzling, incandescent white.

“What is going on in there?” Luo Feng grew tense.

Selection? What was being selected? Everything was unknown.

From inside, Deer Bug Master did not make a single sound, or perhaps he was shouting and roaring in pain, but no sounds were transmitted out. In short, because nothing could enter the magicube instrument… the rest outside could not help feeling anxious.

A moment later—

Ka!

The door opened.

A figure walked out from the magicube instrument. It was Deer Bug Master. Doubt was written all over his face, which the other eight universe masters did not understand… It seemed like something had happened to Deer Bug Master when he’d gone in. That would explain his expression.

“First round of selection, qualified.”

Duan Dong Master took one look at Deer Bug Master. Instantly, Deer Bug Master’s face showed his delight.

“Deer Bug Master, what is inside the instrument?” Liu Jiu Master asked.

“Congratulations, Deer Bug Master. I’m not sure. What’s in there?” Sorcerer Sprite also asked. There were the only two females present, and at that moment, both had spoken up.

“Go in and find out for yourselves,” Deer Bug Master finished curtly and stood by the side. Anyway, he had made it through this ridiculous selection process, so naturally, he would be able to relax and wait by the side.

Duan Dong River’s gaze swept through the remaining eight. “Next!”

“I’ll go next!” Jittery Sea Master’s eyes flashed a murderous glint as he took one big step forward.

Seeing that a great being had volunteered himself, Duan Dong River simply stood there without a word and watched in silence.

Jittery Sea Master walked to the door of the magicube instrument, hesitated for a split moment, then with one step forward, he went in.

Ka!

The door shut. Soon after, the secret engravings on the surface of the magicube instrument lit up again…

Luo Feng and company waited in silence. What was going on inside the instrument?

After a short moment, the door opened, and Jittery Sea Master walked out. Similarly, he, too, wore an expression full of doubt.

Duan Dong River looked toward Jittery Sea Master, and with a tinge of harshness in his eyes, he said coldly, “You, disqualified!”

This caused the other great beings to feel a sudden tremble in their hearts. Disqualified?

“Disqualified! I’m disqualified? Why, why am I disqualified?” Jittery Sea Master grew so anxious that he could not hold back himself as he blurted out, “I have lived through almost three reincarnation eras. Even though that Deer Bug Master has lived much longer than me, the only advantage he had over me was that he owned a supreme true treasure. That’s why he’s a little stronger than me. Why am I disqualified?”

This was the one chance that the Skeleton clan had. Jittery Sea Master was reluctant to give it up.

“Shut your mouth!” Duan Dong River shouted. “Next!?”

Duan Dong River looked at the other seven. The only one willing to volunteer, Jittery Sea Master, had unexpectedly been disqualified. This made the remaining seven feel so cautious that they did not dare volunteer themselves.

“You.” Duan Dong River pointed at Liu Jiu Master.

Liu Jiu Master, qualified!

Rock Giant Master, disqualified!

Shadow Dust Master, qualified!

Sorcerer Sprite Master, qualified!

Golden Square Master, qualified!

Jittery Sea Master, disqualified!

Red Lark Master, disqualified!

Duan Dong River finally pointed towards Luo Feng. “You.”

Was the order intentional or unintentional? No one really knew because after Jittery Sea Master’s failed attempt upon volunteering his turn, the rest of the great beings’ turns were all decided by Duan Dong River, who pointed out who was next in line.

Luo Feng held his breath and walked toward that magicube instrument. Then he walked past the door and entered.

Inside the instrument was an individual void space.

Luo Feng was suspended within the void space as he observed his surroundings. There was no exit at all.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Streaks of distorted secret engravings started appearing within the void space. Dazzling white secret engravings were distributed all over the void space as bouts of strange and unpredictable energy appeared instantaneously. This energy tried to penetrate Luo Feng. Even though he had Star Tower to guard his soul and Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor to protect his body, they were not useful.

This strange and unpredictable energy penetrated his godly body, and at that moment, Luo Feng felt as though all his secrets were revealed.

The invisible, strange power continued to penetrate within his body. It penetrated every inch of godly power, and eventually merged with Luo Feng to become a complete whole. A short moment later, the distorted secret engravings in the void space started to dissipate, and the strange energy completely disappeared.

Ka!

A door appeared before him in that void space.

Luo Feng took a step and passed the doorway to enter the hall outside. What happened inside the magicube instrument earlier still left Luo Feng filled with doubts.

There were slight changes in the expressions of Deer Bug Master, Shadow Dust Master, Sorcerer Sprite Master, and a few others who had passed the first round of selection earlier, as this was the first time Duan Dong River*Wu had smiled since the very beginning.

“Huh?”

“Smile?”

“Not right.”

“Something is not right.”

Given how the various great beings judged, this Duan Dong River must be of a very cold character. This “Shadow” that he left behind must have been compatible with his character.

“You, you, you.” Duan Dong River pointed toward Jittery Sea Master, Red Lark Master, and Rock Giant Master. “The three of you, quickly take your leave. If you do not leave now, you may be annihilated on your way.”

Jittery Sea Master and Red Lark Master looked at one another with great reluctance. All of the Skeleton clan had been eliminated?

Rock Giant Master was a rock type special life-form. He also looked at Liu Jiu Master and whispered, “Liu Jiu, Rock Giant will no longer be able to protect you. Do take great care.”

“Lord Duan Dong River, would you be able to tell us why both of us did not pass?” Jittery Sea Master could not hold back his question.

“Not from my clan, and yet you wish to inherit something from a pulse on my Duan Dong River? Dream on! Get lost!” Duan Dong River said with hostility.

“Your clan?”

Luo Feng, Deer Bug Master, and the others were greatly shocked.

Strictly speaking, the six great beings who had passed the selection were not from the same clan—or even not fully beings of the flesh and the blood type. For instance, Liu Jiu Master was a plant life form, yet she had still passed the selection.

“Clan…”

Jittery Sea Master and Red Lark Master trembled. This was the reason. There was big trouble, then. If both of them failed for of this reason, then even if other great beings from Skeleton Clan were to come, they would fail just the same.

“Still not leaving!” Duan Dong River’s eyes were brimming with coldness.

“Let’s go.”

Jittery Sea Master and Red Lark Master gritted their teeth, transformed into light streams and dashed out. Giant Rock Master, after bidding farewell to Liu Jiu Master with a most unwilling heart, also dashed out and flew into the crimson red streaks of light.

Coursing along the crimson red streaks of light, with the passing of time and space, the three quickly arrived at the control room in the hall they were at previously.

“Humph!” Jittery Sea Master lowered his head and looked at the deep crimson passageway. With gritted teeth, he said, “If that is the reason, doesn’t it mean that no one from Skeleton clan will be able to succeed?”

“If that is the case, our Skeleton Clan will not be able to succeed at all,” Red Lark Master said with a voice dripping with hatred. “Let’s just spread the news. Let the various groups of powers know! Let a large number of great beings make their way here! What we of the Skeleton Clan cannot achieve… we shall not let the Divine Eye clan achieve easily.”

After all, out of the six who qualified, three were from the Divine Eye clan. How could the Skeleton clan look on while the Divine Eye clan was on their way to achieving something they could not?

Within the misty hall, Duan Dong River looked at the remaining six and said, “If you are not from my clan, naturally, you do not qualify for the inheritance. However, this is merely the simplest round of selection… Also, it is the only safe round. What comes next will involve life-and-death dangers. If you are afraid, you can still choose to retreat now.”


Chapter 1221: One Was Annihilated

All six of them—Deer Bug Master, the three universe masters from Divine Eye clan, Liu Jiu Master and Luo Feng—remained silent, but no one retreated.

You’ve got to be kidding.

Perhaps many things would go through their minds when they just started to make choices, but once they had made their decisions, why should they flinch? From the moment they took their first steps on the path of a great being, death and crises were never far away. Perhaps they might die with much unwillingness, but not a single one would fear death. For the powerful inheritance of this ancient civilization, they would all rather give their best shot to fight for it!

“Good.” Duan Dong River nodded. “Follow me.”

Duan Dong River turned and walked toward another side-door of that foggy hall.

Hua!

The side-door automatically opened. Duan Dong River walked in. Although Deer Bug Master, Luo Feng, Shadow Dust Master, and the other three great beings all had doubts about where they were heading, they still followed his lead.

Following behind Duan Dong River, the group walked along a wide path for a short moment before they were completely blocked by a floodgate. Duan Dong River continued walking until he was standing right before the floodgate. Then he stopped.

“Wait a little while. The floodgates will open, and you all will continue along this corridor.” Duan Dong River’s gaze scanned Luo Feng and company. “So long as the six of you are able to walk all the way down this corridor in a straight line and make it to the next hall alive, you will be considered to have passed the most basic level of the selection process and can start to get connected to the inheritance.”

Inheritance!

All six of them, including Luo Feng, Deer Bug Master, and Shadow Dust Master, made a shudder as their eyes lit up.

So long as they could walk all the way down this corridor and make it to the next hall alive? They would be considered to have passed the selection process and start getting connected to the inheritance?

They were all very excited, but all six were also aware that Duan Dong River’s inheritance was very powerful, so the selection process would not be simple… Meaning to say, this corridor would truly be a death corridor. And amongst them, there would likely be someone who would be annihilated. Everyone had to give their utmost best.

“Six of you!”

“As you make your way down this corridor, you can use your weapons, and you can use every technique and method you know,” Duan Dong River instructed slowly. “All you have to do is to make it to the next hall alive.”

Duan Dong River turned to look at the floodgate and pointed to it. “Raise it!”

Hua!

The heavy, large floodgate rose slowly, revealing a wide, deep passageway that seemed to have no end. This made Deer Bug Master, Luo Feng, Liu Jiu Master, and the other three all frown. What dangers awaited them within this death corridor? What methods had Duan Dong River—from a great ancient civilization—deployed for his selection process? Once they failed the selection process, they would have to face the danger of death.

The easiest stage of the selection process was the one before them now. All they had to do was to stand on a magicube instrument for a short while. If they did not pass, they could leave right away.

“You, you, you, you, you! Five of you, go in.” Duan Dong River pointed at five great beings.

“Us?”

“Me?”

“All five of us go in together?”

There was an uproar. All five of them—Deer Bug Master, Liu Jiu Master, Shadow Dust Master, Sorcerer Sprite Master, and Golden Square Master—registered shocked expressions. Duan Dong River had pointed at the five of them and asked them to go in together.

Shadow Dust Master pointed at Luo Feng and could not help asking, “What about him? What about Milky Way Horde Leader, Luo Feng?”

Deer Bug Master and the other four started to get a little unsettled. They could not doubt or change Duan Dong River’s decision, but during the screening by the magicube instrument earlier on, they had noticed Duan Dong River revealing a trace of a smile when it was Luo Feng’s turn. At that time, they had found it suspicious. Furthermore, among them, Luo Feng’s cultivation period was the shortest, at only a dozen eras. Was that not substantially short?

“The five of you will go in together, and he will go in alone,” Duan Dong River said coldly. “Why? Are you unwilling to? Then leave. Now, you are still able to leave this place alive. If you do not leave… The five of you must quickly make your way in. If you don’t enter, you may be disqualified.”

Deer Bug Master, Liu Jiu Master, and the three great universe masters of Divine Eye clan looked at one another, then took one glance at Luo Feng.

“Let’s go.”

“Let’s go.”

Five figures entered the corridor at the same time.

Hua!

The heavy and wide floodgate lowered with a loud crash. The corridor was sealed once again. By the entrance of the floodgate… only Duan Dong River and Luo Feng remained.

Duan Dong River looked at Luo Feng. “Once you enter, there will be no chance for retreat.”

Luo Feng nodded, but many thoughts were rising in his mind. The other five went in together? But he was to enter alone? Why was he so special? Could it be Duan Dong River really looked at him in a different light, or was there a special form of danger awaiting him?

Was this a blessing, or a curse?

Within the corridor, Deer Bug Master, Liu Jiu Master and the three great universe masters of Divine Eye clan looked behind them at the floodgate that was once again lowered. Their expressions were slightly different than before.

“The situation does not look promising,” Shadow Dust Master said in a shrill voice. His eyes flashed with a murderous glint. “If an heir was to be chosen, then considering someone like Luo Feng, who has cultivated for only a dozen eras to attain such high achievements to those like us, who have cultivated for close to three reincarnation eras to attain such high achievements, only a fool would not choose Luo Feng. I suspect that the weird magicube instrument test was not only testing our blood lineages and life characteristics; it was most possibly detecting our life spans, too!”

The five of them were shocked. That was right. No one knew what that weird instrument actually screened them for.

“It must have detected some unique characteristics,” Shadow Dust Master laughed coldly. “If not, why would Duan Dong River let out such a rare smile? Apparently, he must be very satisfied with Luo Feng, but why? I think the instrument must have detected that Luo Feng has only lived for a dozen eras and has the shortest period of cultivation. Such an outstanding talent with an extremely short period of cultivation, even to the three reincarnation eras—he is unbelievable. Even if we were to compare him within the ancient civilization, I think he would still be phenomenal. With such an extraordinary talent appearing to inherit his legacy, of course he would be greatly pleased. Thus, the differential treatment!”

“Right.”

“True.”

“That is highly possible.”

One by one, they spoke their minds. Even Deer Bug Master nodded in agreement. They were all of high positions and were clear that when it came to choosing disciples, there would never be absolute fairness. Once they set their eyes on a certain disciple, during any selection process, they would always give differential treatment.

“But what else can we do? Now that the five of us have to go through this corridor together, there is no way we can plant accidents along Luo Feng’s way.” Golden Square Master shook his head. “I think Duan Dong River must have thought about that. That’s why he separated Luo Feng from us. Even if we had any plans in mind, we will not be able to execute them now.”

Deer Bug Master shook his head. “Let’s go. Let’s not think further. This is the inheritance Duan Dong River left behind. We can only act according to his wishes. We can find another opportunity to deal with Luo Feng. Right now, there is simply no chance at all… We can only move forward from here. This death corridor… There is a possibility we might not even be able to make it through.”

“Breaking through the death corridor, everything can be used. Deer Bug Master, with your supreme true treasure, you have a much greater chance.”

“Humph.” Deer Bug Master said no more and flew ahead right away. Liu Jiu Master also transformed into a streak of light and flew ahead.

The other three from the Divine Eye clan looked at one another, nodded slightly, and also continued advancing down the corridor. The only advantage to being part of Divine Eye clan was that the three of them were of one heart! With joined hands, they would not be the least bit bothered even if they had to fight against someone like Deer Bug Master.

At the other side of the floodgate, Luo Feng could also vaguely guess that Duan Dong River’s method would have caused the other five universe masters to start targeting him as their enemy and treating him with hostility. They would see him as the greatest threat when it came to the inheritance.

Hong!

A strong wave was faintly transmitted from the other end of the floodgate, and Luo Feng could not resist turning over to take a look. He could only see that heavy floodgate.

Next up, bouts of energy waves were transmitted over in a continuous stream. Apparently, some dangerous life-and-death situation was happening deep within this death corridor.

“Lord Duan Dong River, why would I be separated from the other five?” Luo Feng suddenly asked.

Duan Dong River stood with his eyes closed, his entire being seemed to become an iceberg emitting cold air. Hearing Luo Feng’s question, he opened his eyes and replied, “You only need to follow my instructions. Do not question why I decided on such a selection process. If you are displeased, you may leave. If you choose to leave now, you can still have the chance to live…”

With that, he closed his eyes again.

Luo Feng could only put up with everything that he was asked to do.

The Skeleton clan was a pinnacle clan from the first reincarnation era. Within the vast Universe Ocean, there was a total of four miniature universes.

Within the first miniature universe, four towering figures were scattered in four different directions. In midair, they looked at one another. These were the four devil masters from the Skeleton clan.

Red Lark Master stood in midair deferentially as he reported what he knew to the four towering figures. “This was our personal encounter —Jittery Sea’s and mine. That was indeed a terrifying inheritance. An inheritance of a super great being named Duan Dong River*Wu, who was from the ancient civilization. This Duan Dong River*Wu… based on my speculation, must be a great existence that was only second to a so-called general from endless reincarnation eras ago, even before the completion of Universe Boat. His inheritance was definitely something major, and from the descriptions of it, throughout the entire ancient civilization, every generation will only have one heir for this Duan Dong River inheritance.”

“Jittery Sea?” said a towering figure. “Is that true?”

Jittery Sea Master, who was standing to the side, also replied deferentially, “Yes, that is the truth. The two of us were eliminated right from the very first stage of selection. The reason was simply because we do not belong to the same clan, so we do not qualify for the inheritance.”

“Red Lark, whatever the two of you experienced, simulate a part of the memory you have into a projection for us.”

The four devil masters of Skeleton clan were extremely solemn. This matter seemed very serious, even when heard in summary. It was clearly a great deviation from the norm.

“Yes.” Red Lark Master replied deferentially.

A three-dimensional projection appeared in midair. From the moment they charged into the Boat of Mausoleum, the projection started to play. They saw images of Duan Dong River appearing within the hall and saying those words, and they started to get emotional. Then there was the inheritance… one line from Duan Dong River: “Not from my clan, and yet you wish to inherit something from a pulse on my Duan Dong River? Dream on! Get lost!” These words sent chills into the hearts of the four devil masters.

“How loathsome.”

“Such an opportunity, but, because of those three beings from Divine Eye clan, we cannot enter.”

“Loathsome!”

The four devil masters also let out ferocious roars. All were clearly furious.

“Spread this!” A hoarse voice shouted. “Let the news be spread to the three great reincarnation eras and the Two Holy Land Universes. Spread it to them all. Let the whole of Universe Ocean know. Let great beings from all over gather here. We must create chaos, create chaos within the Boat of Mausoleum so that we can destroy Duan Dong River’s inheritance! In short… so long as there is chaos, we Skeleton clan stand a chance. Even if we have no chance, we can destroy it and deprive the Divine Eye clan of their chance. The Divine Eye clan and the Skeleton clan are arch enemies sharing endless hatred for one another. We cannot give them such a great advantage.”

“Spread the news.”

The other three devil masters roared furiously, all in extreme rage. Without hesitation, they started transmitting the news to various groups of powers within the entire Universe Ocean.

Within the deep region of the Universe Boat’s internal region, on Flame Ice Continent, inside the Boat of Mausoleum.

Luo Feng stood at one end of the floodgate, feeling the bouts of energy waves transmitted from the depth of the corridor, yet he was clueless as to what was happening inside.

“Huh?” Duan Dong River suddenly opened his eyes, then whispered, “One annihilated. Four left.”

Luo Feng was shocked. He involuntarily glanced at Duan Dong River.

One annihilated?


Chapter 1222: Life and death corridor

The five universe masters in there were all extremely powerful. The three from the Divine Eye Clan were all of one mind, one heart. Deer Bug Master had a supreme true treasure that he kept close to him. Liu Jiu Master was the most difficult to kill out of all plant life forms.

Luo Feng took one look at Duan Dong River, who was still standing at the same spot with his eyes shut. Although Luo Feng wanted to inquire about something, he decided to give up on that thought. It would be a futile attempt.

“Another was annihilated,” Duan Dong River suddenly said. “Left with three.”

Luo Feng’s heart lurched. This… This life and death corridor was much too dangerous. Those universe masters who dared break deep into its internal domain—how impressive they were? Even if universe supreme masters were thinking of annihilating them, they could not be this fast, right? In the blink of an eye, two more were annihilated.

Deer Bug Master is the most powerful. The three from Divine Eye Clan are of one mind and one heart. And Liu Jiu Master is a fifth-tier universe master and also a plant life-form. Compared to the three of them, I am the weakest. Now, out of five, two have been annihilated… What if I were to go in?

Luo Feng frowned as he started to worry.

Flame Ice region, at the cabin door area of the Boat of Mausoleum.

Jittery Sea Master, Red Lark Master, and Giant Rock Master were standing at the cabin door entrance. Jittery Sea Master and Red Lark Master had both sent their other bodies back to their clan to make a report… As for Rock Giant Master, of course, he too would be making arrangements to send his other body back to where his group of power was to make a report.

“No—”

Rock Giant Master’s massive body trembled.

“Liu Jiu!” Rock Giant Master suddenly let out a hoarse shout. His crazy voice was filled with anguish.

Peng!

He fell to his knees heavily, and his knees smashed the sturdy floor tiles at the cabin door area of the Boat of Mausoleum as both his hands grasped the edges of the ground. His implacable emotions could not be held back. His raving roars and strange yowls were high-pitched and mournful; there were also shouts that expressed complete hysteria, and Rock Giant Master’s godly body trembled and contorted.

Beside him, Jittery Sea Master and Red Lark Master were taken aback. Both looked at Rock Giant Master in his state of hysteria, then back at one another.

“Liu Jiu Master must have been annihilated.”

“Yes, I guess she must have been annihilated. It is said that wherever Liu Jiu Master is, there will be Rock Giant Master, always. For countless years—close to three reincarnation eras—Rock Giant Master had been silently following Liu Jiu Master. It seems he has very deep feelings for her. The moment Liu Jiu Master got annihilated, Rock Giant Master went crazy.”

The two, on the other hand, were gloating over Liu Jiu Master’s misfortune. Both of them were unable to receive the inheritance, but so what? If they had been able to go and try to receive the inheritance, they would still have faced the fate of annihilation!

“Ah, ah, ah! Ah!”

Rock Giant Master was still letting out crazy roars while waving his eight arms about. Fist after fist crashed heavily against the ground.

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

The heavy impacts of the crashes brought a faint quake to the ground. As the floor of the Boat of Mausoleum was incomparably sturdy, even universe supreme masters would not be able to bring harm to it—much less the fists of Rock Giant Master. Insane, heavy punches smashed about until the surfaces of the eight fists started to shatter and crack.

“Inheritance! That detestable inheritance, that detestable inheritance was what killed you. Revenge, revenge, revenge!” Rock Giant Master was howling in pain. “I’m going to destroy this inheritance! I’m going to destroy it and kill the heir who wins it. Kill them…! Duan Dong River. Duan Dong River, it’s all because of you! It’s your fault, it’s your fault! I am going to cut off your inheritance—sever it! I will avenge Liu Jiu!”

Soon after, Rock Giant Master turned about suddenly and charged toward the control room of the Boat of Mausoleum.

Jittery Sea Master and Red Lark Master laughed coldly as they stood aside and watched everything with indifference.

“Crazy.”

“Rock life-forms are really set in stone. How rigid their minds are! And it is starting to go crazy.”

Merely a short moment later, Rock Gian Master’s massive figure returned.

“Can’t cross over anymore, can’t cross over anymore.” Rock Giant Master shook his head. His eyes were filled with sorrow and anguish. “I told you that I will always be with you… My doomsday is nearing, but you were annihilated before me… Liu Jiu…”

Rock Giant Master slumped into a corner at the cabin door entrance with a loud bang. There he sat, leaning against the wall wordlessly.

Jittery Sea Master and Red Lark Master felt a little fearful, so they moved further away and walked into the public square of the hall, not daring to be near to Rock Giant Master.

Outside the floodgate of the corridor.

Luo Feng stood where he was silently and could subtly feel the energy waves. Suddenly, the energy waves stopped.

“Huh?” Luo Feng felt a constriction in his heart.

Duan Dong River opened his eyes and gently nodded. “Still all right. Just two dead!” Then he turned to look at Luo Feng, “You, go in.”

Following his voice, that wide and sturdy floodgate that was shut earlier started to rise with a rumble again, revealing that deep corridor. At the end of the corridor, there was not a single figure. This made Luo Feng all the more fearful. Even with the five of them moving together, two were dead. For him to act alone, would it be a blessing or a curse?

“Either you give up, or you move forward.” Duan Dong River cast a look at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng returned Duan Dong River’s look and, without further hesitation, flew in.

Hong!

The gigantic floodgate behind him lowered with a loud crash. Then it was sealed again.

“No chance of backing out now.” Luo Feng took one look at the floodgate behind him, then lifted his head to look deep into the corridor. “I would like to take a look at what this life and death corridor has that could annihilate two out of the five of them.”

Sou!

He transformed into a beam of light and moved forward at high speed.

The corridor ran deep. Sometimes it became narrower, other times it widened. Flying for a short moment, his path ahead seemed to get even darker. Within the deep, hazy passageway, Luo Feng’s eyesight still allowed him a clear vision of his surroundings.

“Huh?” Luo Feng frowned and stopped to hover in midair.

Not far ahead, a tall figure lay on the ground. His body resembled that of a human. There was a large amount of hair on his head and neck like a lion. His neck was thick and strong, and both his eyes were shut. Half the surface of his godly body was protected with a layer of black armor, and when Luo Feng appeared, that tall figure suddenly sat up and opened both his eyes.

With both eyes emitting faint red light, it stared at Luo Feng.

“All you have to do is to survive Cuello’s blows.” An icy-cold voice sounded by Luo Feng’s ears.

He recognized the voice right away. It was Duan Dong River.

“You cannot hide in your palace or such true treasures. If that is the case, then I have no choice but to eliminate you. You must meet the battles head-on. Hiding within palace type true treasures is not allowed. Other than that, all other weapons can be used. Two out of the five were annihilated at the hands of Cuello earlier on. I hope that you will survive.”

Hong!

The seated figure suddenly stood up. He had a body that was more than 100 kilometers tall and eyes that were icy-cold, exuding an endless, murderous aura. The corridor was approximately 6,000 kilometers wide, which was enough for combat.

“I must meet the battles head-on?” Luo Feng descended slowly. He looked at that strange existence with the name of ‘Cuello’ from afar. “Why did Duan Dong River call it Cuello? From endless eras ago until now, for it to remain, it most likely is not a life form.”

“Roar! Die!”

The monster, Cuello, let out a roar and charged over in big strides.

Shua!

It transformed into a streak of light, and before Luo Feng knew it, it had already arrived before him.

Luo Feng also followed suit and acted immediately. This monster, Cuello, left here by Duan Dong River, could annihilate two universe masters. Of course, Luo Feng would not dare to be careless. The moment he arrived, he was prepared to fight with all he had. He entered the state of the heart of Beast God right away. With a loud howl, he charged ahead. At the same time, his strongest right arm transformed into five gigantic golden blades, which he waved about while howling.

It was as though five battle blades were hacking down at the same time!

Third form of Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor— Extermination God!

Peng!

Monster Cuello’s head was mercilessly hacked, and its entire being seemed to become a sandbag struck into rotary motion. It was thrown backward, where it landed heavily, smashing the ground of the corridor with a great tremor.

Luo Feng was taken aback for the moment and did not follow closely after Cuello to continue with his attacks.

“What? This…?” Luo Feng was shocked. “This is the standard of what killed two universe masters?”

What a joke! Those five were extraordinary. To kill two out of five of them, at least the power of a universe supreme master would be required! And since he was only at the fourth tier before he arrived, Luo Feng had already made plans.

The moment he arrived, he would use his trump card! Then he would go along with the collision force during their exchange of blows to make use of its strength. Borrowing this force, he would make an urgent retreat! Through this very first blow, he would determine the capability of his opponent. Then he would be able to devise detailed plans.

But in reality, after a single strike… Monster Cuello was beaten right away. Without any power to resist!

Luo Feng, who had initially intended to borrow force for his urgent retreat, was dumbstruck in midair.

“What is happening? Why is it so weak? When it received one claw from me just now, the power that it displayed was so weak that even a universe master would be able to trample on it.”

Luo Feng was filled with doubts but hesitated no further. In a flash, he charged toward Cuello. Monster Cuello was already roaring as it rose to its feet, once again roaring, “Die, die, die!”

Peng!

Like a flash of lightning, Luo Feng struck it at a frighteningly fast speed. There was no way Monster Cuello could have defended himself. Right away, the blow struck his neck, causing Monster Cuello to fall flat on his face and crash to the ground with a loud bang.

“What is going on?”

Luo Feng used both legs continuously to execute a strongest secret technique, Cracking Gold. Two dazzling golden boots of light kicked at the back of Monster Cuello’s head, causing its face to “kiss” the ground twice with rumbling sounds.

“Roar!” Monster Cuello’s big, thick hands pushed against the ground to flip itself around so that it could stand up.

Luo Feng looked up in midair with furrowed brows. “Its body is quite strong. My attacks left no trace of injury on it at all. However, its ability is too weak.”

Although he could not make any sense of this, if his opponent was weak, it would be his chance trample hard on it. Luo Feng transformed into a beam of light and instantly made his way to where Monster Cuello was.

Monster Cuello was roaring while waving his fists, yet Luo Feng grabbed onto him swiftly and sent him crashing onto the ground.

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

Being trampled upon repeatedly, Monster Cuello was sent sprawling on the ground or thrown against the walls of the corridor. The hair at the back of its head was grabbed by Luo Feng, who used it as a means of swinging it against the walls. For a period of time, Luo Feng moved at the speed of lightning. Repeatedly, he trampled upon Monster Cuello.

Although he was doing the trampling, Luo Feng still remained vigilant. Every single time he attacked, he made sure that he was prepared to respond to any possible violent outburst from his opponent.

“His power is soaring. Apparently, it is on the rise.”

During the trampling process, Luo Feng increasingly felt that something bad was going to happen.

He could sense that the power Monster Cuello was displaying was continuously increasing—from a senior universe knight, to a second tier universe master, to a third tier, a fourth tier… Its power was soaring with the passage of time. Where it started off easy for Luo Feng to trample on Monster Cuello, he started to find it more and more difficult to do the same.

Especially at this very moment, when Monster Cuello had almost attained the fifth-tier universe master standard. Luo Feng and Cuello would be on par with one another when it came to fighting. Yet Monster Cuello’s power was continuing to rise and surge…

Peng!

Luo Feng rolled and collided into the walls of that corridor. Then, instantly, it vanished.

Hong!

Monster Cuello’s terrifying kick crashed into the wall.

“Already at the fifth tier.” Luo Feng was forced into a tight corner. “If its power continues to rise, won’t it progress to the sixth tier. Or to a universe supreme master?”


Chapter 1223: It Got Crazier

The monster Cuello didn’t know any techniques. All it had was speed and strength!

When one’s strength was strong enough, laws would back down. Cuello was an example of this. His fist could easily twist space and time, and turning it into a gleaming beam of light. This light could easily annihilate an entire solar system with a simple ripple.

Peng!

A huge golden claw scratched the fist.

“It’s stronger.”

Luo Feng turned his body. He followed the strength, yet he couldn’t walk straight. He hit the wall like a phantom, and the shockwave from his godly body immediately penetrated the wall.

Hong!

The foot slammed into Luo Feng’s chest and pressed him against the wall. The great shockwave made him tremble.

Sou!

Luo Feng clenched his teeth and tried to run away. At the same time, the godly power from his Golden Horned Beast body was transferred into the original earthling body to make it back to the best situation.

“This monster Cuello’s power is surging too fast. It’s approaching the sixth level.”

Luo Feng felt helpless. He could only reach the fourth level with the help of Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, and he could barely fight a fifth-level universe master. However, the monster Cuello was more terrific than Five Chaos Master. He was being crushed!

“It consumed 8 percent of my godly body in such a short time! I can’t let this go on anymore.”

Luo Feng turned his head and roared. Cuello roared and rushed to right in front of him.

Shua!

A glowing white wing showed up, and under the strong godly power, a golden glow permeated. The light covered an area of nearly a million square kilometers. The powerful binding power slowed Cuello. Luo Feng’s wing trembled, and he retreated.

“Duan Dong River only indicated that we can’t use palace type true treasures.” Luo Feng opened silver wing. His excitement was building. “Shi Wu, we haven’t fought together for a long time.”

“Howl!” The monster Cuello was furious. Its roar twisted space, and the shockwave slammed into Luo Feng. But he didn’t move at all. The shockwave dissipated.

Hong!

The monster Cuello dashed at Luo Feng again.

“With Shi Wu Wing, I’m not so easy to mess with.”

Luo Feng’s silver wing trembled, and his body started to look bizarre. He started to fight the monster Cuello in close quarters. With the help of Golden Country, his most powerful technique, Extermination God, could reach the fifth-level. This made him nearly on par with Cuello.

They fought closely again. The monster Cuello charged recklessly, but Luo Feng produced many phantoms.

Peng!

Luo Feng bounced away with the four wings covering his body.

“His power is still surging? Top of the sixth-level? Or a universe supreme master?” Luo Feng couldn’t tell anymore, but he could sense that Golden Country’s influence on Cuello was withering away. Cuello’s power frightened Luo Feng.

He was being crushed. Even though Cuello was bound by Golden Country, he was still much stronger than Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was hit in the chest before he could dodge the attacks. The power of Cuello horrified him so much that he needed Shi Wu Wing just to protect himself.

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

He couldn’t resist it, but he couldn’t run away either. Luo Feng was like a sandbag being kicked and punched by Cuello. Against Cuello, Golden Country was as negligible as thin air.

“He must be as powerful as a universe supreme master now!” muttered Luo Feng. “Even universe supreme masters need true treasures to wield such power, yet he’s using his bare body.” Luo Feng covered his body with the silver wing. “I may be killed!”

Should I get into Star Tower? he wondered. Star Tower can definitely resist the attacks, but I’ll be eliminated if I enter.

“I have to stand it!” he decided. “Withstand it! Withstand it!”

Just when Luo Feng was rendered in agony and being kicked, beaten, and smashed—Cuello suddenly stopped.

Luo Feng looked at Cuello, confused. He was floating in the sky. Why did he stop?

Hong!

The monster Cuello sat down and closed its eyes.

“You’ve passed this round. Continue.”

It was the voice of Duan Dong River!

Luo Feng was relieved. Finally, he passed this round. He looked at the monster Cuello who was lying there, not moving, then flew forward. After a short while, he saw a door. As Luo Feng flew closer, the door closed immediately.

“Huh?” Luo Feng saw three shadows.

“You survived?” Sorcerer Sprite Master was surprised.

Shadow Dust Master sneered. “Milky Way Horde Leader, you survived that monster all by yourself?”

“I do admire that,” Deer Bug Master said with a smile.

It seemed that Golden Square Master and Liu Jiu Master were the ones who had died. Luo Feng hadn’t expected a plant life form like Liu Jiu Master to die.

“Why did two of you die?” Luo Feng was shocked. “That monster is not that powerful.”

Shadow Dust Master sneered. “The one you met is not that powerful. If you met one like the one we met, you would have died.”

“How did you meet him?” Luo Feng couldn’t help asking them.

Deer Bug Master said, “The monster Cuello we met was not very powerful at the start. However, as the fight went on, it grew stronger and stronger. Its power reached that of a universe supreme master in no time, and it kept surging… It might be more powerful than all the universe supreme masters I’ve ever seen.”

“One punch from it did major damage to our bodies!” exclaimed Deer Bug Master. “Liu Jiu Master wasn’t able to dodge it, so he was killed instantly. He didn’t even have a chance to take out his palace type true treasure to save his life. As for Golden Square Master, he died as well, as he didn’t cooperate well with Shadow and Sorcerer. Fortunately, it stopped soon after. Otherwise, Shadow and Sorcerer would have died as well.”

“Humph!” Shadow Dust and Sorcerer Sprite sneered.

Luo Feng was shocked. Something was wrong. The monster Cuello they met was more powerful than the one he had met. The monster had started with the power of a fourth-level universe master; on the contrary, Cuello had only started with the power of a senior universe knight when it met him! And it had stopped when it reached the power of a universe supreme master.

A figure appeared. It was Duan Dong River. “You are the only four left,” he said.

Deer Bug Master, Luo Feng, Shadow Dust Master, and Sorcerer Sprite Master all gazed at him.

Duan Dong River said coldly, “That was only a small test, yet two of you died. That’s only a part of the corridor. You need to arrive at the next hall to receive the inheritance. Keep moving!”

Duan Dong River pointed to the front. It appeared there was still a long way to go.

They were all terrified. That had only been a part of it? Their only choice was to keep going! They flew carefully, moving more slowly.

Luo Feng frowned. “Huh?”

In the virtual universe, in front of Huge Axe Godly Palace. Luo Feng appeared. There were universe masters sitting beside the stone table.

Huge Axe glanced at him. “Luo Feng.”

“Luo Feng,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “We just got the news from the Skeleton race about Duan Dong River from the first universe era. We hear that you are one of the six seeking the Duan Dong River inheritance.”

“What is it about Duan Dong River?” asked Huge Axe Creator.

The other great beings all looked at Luo Feng, anxious. Although they had received the news from the Skeleton race, they didn’t know much about it.

“I’ll show you all.” Luo Feng pointed to the sky and shared all his memories, from flying into Boat of Mausoleum to seeing Duan Dong River in the control room of Boat of Mausoleum to assessing the magicube instrument… to fighting the monster Cuello. He played all of them, but he cut out the part where he performed Shi Wu Wing. The great beings all went silent.

Luo Feng nodded. “So, this is the case. The Duan Dong River Wu inheritance is an inheritance of an ancient civilization. It’s a great opportunity, but it’s also extremely dangerous. There will only be one inheritor! And we might all fail… Although this is only the beginning start, there are only four of us left… This is an opportunity for us humans. I need to take it.”

Luo Feng looked at Huge Axe and Primal Chaos City Leader.

Huge Axe and Primal Chaos City Leader both nodded.

He was right. Both Huge Axe and Primal Chaos City Leader knew that Luo Feng was most suitable for this! Luo Feng was a universe knight, so he could be revived if he died! Although he might lose some true treasures, his law comprehension, techniques, and willpower would still be there, so his power could be recovered quickly.

“Luo Feng, try to get the inheritance,” said Huge Axe. “Don’t be distracted by us. If we have arrangements for you, we’ll notify you.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded and disappeared.

At the same time, the news also spread to Purple Moon holy land, East Emperor holy land, and the other powers from all the three universe eras. Now, things would only get crazier.


Chapter 1224: The Ancestors

Within the vast Universe Ocean, only the two holy land universes, namely Purple Moon Holy Land Universe and East Emperor Holy Land Universe, were able to transcend and survive through the reincarnation era. Yet speaking of the longest history, strongest power, deepest foundation… naturally, the winner was the East Emperor Holy Land Universe, which had existed up until now, was still an unknown figure to all.

Within the East Emperor Holy Land Universe, there was the Endless Godly Sector, a place where 90 percent of the entire holy land universe’s undying godly spirits, 99 percent of its universe knights, all its universe masters, and all its universe supreme masters gathered. The entire place was beautiful and magnificent, peaceful and tranquil; there were countless buildings of different cultural styles, and various rare flowers and plants could be found everywhere.

“Ang! Bang! Woo! Roar! Hush! Hai!”

In the middle of Endless Godly Sector, there was a towering green tree that connected everything within the whole godly sector and was constantly transmitting sounds out in a multidirectional manner to spread the news to all parts of the godly sector.

This big tree was ancient and deep green. It was very upright and towering, and all around it, there were many vines that were like jade carvings. When the wind blew, the tree gently swayed along, giving out intermittent bouts of soul-captivating voices; many figures were currently seated cross-legged under this ancient tree. At one glance, there was seemingly no end to the sea of people.

“Boom!” With a sudden jolt, the entire big tree radiated a dazzling cyan light.

“Boom!” Then the cyan light was transformed into an endless red light.

“Boom!” The towering tree went on to emit an endless black light.

“Boom!” It was transformed into endless blue light.

“Boom!” Last of all was a dazzling golden light.

Thereafter, the entire ancient tree was encircled by layers of apertures—five layers to be exact, so dazzling and resplendent that at that point in time, the entire Endless Godly Sector could see the tree in this glorious state.

“Ancestor tree!”

“Ancestor tree has shown its five-colored light halo. Ancestor will make his appearance soon.”

“Ancestor will make his appearance soon.”

“Ancestor!”

The moment the numerous godly spirits, undying fighters, universe knights, and even universe masters—who were all originally seated cross-legged under the towering, ancient trees—saw the five-colored light halo surging out from the Ancestor tree where they were all enveloped in a surrounding so dense with airflow… they were all shocked and excited. There were even some undying godly spirits who immediately burst into loud sobs while others fell to their knees trembling in excitement.

Ancestor!

East Emperor Holy Land Universe, an existence that had been around for an eternity! Ancestor “East Emperor” was the supreme being of all living souls within the whole of East Emperor Holy Land Universe.

Yet, throughout the endless years that passed, Ancestor East Emperor was practically nonexistent, as he almost never appeared. Even many universe masters who lived through many rounds of reincarnations had never seen him in person before! Not to mention the world out of Universe Ocean… Beyond Universe Ocean, not a single great being had ever met this Ancestor of the two holy land universes.

This was why Ancestor was known as the first great being of Universe Ocean!

However, when compared with the Ancestor of the two holy land universes who had long transcended reincarnation, Ancestor East Emperor, was still a notch lower. Yet even within the two holy land universes, it was extremely difficult for them to catch a glimpse of their own ancestors. Even for this ancient East Emperor to make an appearance, the chances were so slim that it was pathetic, and every time he made an appearance, the Ancestor tree would display this five-colored light halo.

“Ancestor is going to appear soon!”

“Ancestor!”

Even all the universe masters in their own palaces were shocked and excited.

“From birth until today, I have lived through a total of 82 reincarnation eras, but not once have I met Ancestor. Ancestor is finally going to appear.” A universe master was so excited that he forgot all about his disciples and teleported himself right away to where Ancestor Tree was.

“The last time I met Ancestor was 119 reincarnation eras ago.”

“Ancestor has appeared!”

Craziness! All of Endless Godly Sector seemed to have fallen into a crazy state. This was the heart of the most ancient holy land universe—the very core of their pride. So proud of it were they that they vaguely started to look down on Purple Moon Holy Land Universe! And from the size of a holy land universe, one could also tell… their East Emperor Ancestor was much more powerful than the Purple Moon Ancestor!

It was an absolute pride, and they highly regarded East Emperor Ancestor with utmost admiration.

Numerous streams of light appeared and gathered at the bottom of Ancestor tree.

Countless great beings floated in midair. Those who dared float in midair were at least universe masters or universe supreme masters! At one glance close to 1,000 beings were in midair, scattered all around Ancestor tree. Each and every one was silently waiting, in full deference, for their almighty Ancestor.

“Ang! Bang! Woo! Roar! Hush! Hai!”

An inexplicable voice suddenly sounded loudly. Every great being present was intoxicated by this sound, including the few universe supreme masters.

Amidst a strange music… an immensely dazzling figure appeared out of thin air, high up in the sky. It wore a robe that was covered with countless green branches and leaves, and the robe was radiating an intensely hazy cyan light that was rich in vigor and life. The intense cyan-green light shone upon and enveloped the hundreds of millions of great beings waiting and kneeling beneath it, comforting them all. Instantly, those whose injured godly bodies were damaged were completely healed.

Hua!

All the living souls, regardless of whether they were undying or universe supreme masters, gave him their full attention. Then, respectfully, they all shouted in unison, “Ancestor!”

There was total silence as all the living souls looked up at Ancestor East Emperor with burning gazes.

East Emperor looked down at them all… His entire body was bathed in the intense cyan light that seemed to obscure him from clarity. Even the few universe supreme masters and few hundred universe masters could feel a supremely oppressive force come over them, albeit an invisible one.

“I heard that within the Universe Boat of the three most dangerous lands in the Universe Ocean, there has been the birth of an inheritance. This is the inheritance of Duan Dong River Wu, is this true?” East Emperor slowly articulated his question.

Several hundreds of universe masters and universe supreme masters respectfully replied in unison, “Yes.”

The news had only reached them a short while ago. There was no way anything that happened within the holy land universe could be hidden from East Emperor.

“This Duan Dong River Wu’s inheritance is a top-notch inheritance within that powerful ancient civilization!” East Emperor said. “My life… North True Star Master, you shall personally lead a team of 20 universe masters, 200 universe knights, and 2,000 undying fighters and head for that Universe Boat at the fastest speed possible. Send every member of the team in to fight for that inheritance.”

“Yes,” a man in a white robe immediately replied with deference.

North True Star Master was an extremely ancient being, and he was a universe supreme master… Of course, his status of a universe supreme master had been attained as early as when he was in the primal universe era. He existed in the same era as East Emperor. Yet his miniature universe had fallen into a state of decadence a long time ago, so he was based in the holy land universe for daily life.

“Are there any volunteers?” East Emperor looked down. “The inheritance can only have one heir. The rest who fail to be the chosen one will be at risk of annihilation.”

“I’m willing.”

“Willing.”

“I’m willing to go.”

“Willing.”

Almost instantaneously, from the sea of great beings kneeling on the ground, a large number of universe knights and undying godly spirits volunteered. As for the universe masters in midair, a dozen of them shouted out their willingness. Their number was much smaller because they were, after all, a minority group within the holy land universe.

“Let’s leave it to the Elders to discuss and finalize a detailed list of names.” East Emperor looked down and slowly added, “We must finalize the list as fast as we can, so that we can head for the Universe Boat as quickly as possible! With a force of 20 universe masters, 200 universe knights, and 2000 undying fighters, we are going for that Duan Dong River’s inheritance. My East Emperor universe must obtain that inheritance. I… need that inheritance!”

“Yes!” all said in unison, in one voice filled with excitement.

East Emperor needed it? This instantly drove the countless great beings beneath him into a feverish state of enthusiasm.

It was merely a short moment, just enough for a cup of tea. North True Star Master was on board a dazzling, polygonal black sphere and was advancing at high speed within the Universe Ocean.

“I have not set foot in Universe Ocean for a good dozen reincarnation eras. Since I am making my appearance now, I shall make sure that I seize this inheritance for East Emperor Universe.”

On the same day.

When the news reached Purple Moon Holy Land Universe, the equally mysterious Purple Moon Ancestor also made an appearance at long last, he too, gave orders to his clan to necessitate the need to obtain that Duan Dong River’s inheritance.

“Understood.”

“Understood, Ancestor.”

“This inheritance must belong to us, the Purple Moon Holy Land. Deer Bug Master is already there. We have the greatest advantage.”

“Let’s go!”

“According to Ancestor’s order, 1,500 undying fighters, 150 knights, and 15 universe masters shall rush over as fast as possible. Universe supreme masters will be able to rush over there quickly, as their speeds are naturally extremely fast.”

The two holy land universes of the Divine Eye Clan were very similar in strength of power. When compared with one another, the result was all the crazier.

The avatars of the Seven True Masters gathered.

“This is our only chance.”

“Doomsday is nearing.”

“We must seize this Duan Dong River’s inheritance. The previous complete inheritance that we have obtained, when compared to Duan Dong River’s… Obviously, there is a vast difference in status! And from what Shadow Dust and Sorcerer Sprite reported, even after Duan Dong River’s annihilation, the methods he had put into motion after all these years to seek an heir were intimidating and frightening. We can tell a thing or two about how powerful his inheritance will be.”

“I suspect that the inheritance is not restricted to only universe masters. It is likely that even universe knights and universe supreme masters can be potential heirs.”

The avatars of the Seven True Masters gathered in the void space to discuss with one another.

“I’m willing to go,” Seventh True Master spoke up. “Even if I were to meet with any danger, I have my palace supreme true treasure! Besides, I am a universe supreme master… I don’t believe that the Duan Dong River who was annihilated endless reincarnation eras ago is able to leave behind a method so deadly that it can kill me.”

“I will go with Seventh.” First True Master nodded slowly.

Instantly, there was an uproar.

“First True Master.”

“Teacher!”

“First True Master, how can you be the one going? If all of us should fail, the mission of transcending a reincarnation era has to depend on you.”

“Divine Eye, do not be so reckless.”

First True Master was the most powerful great being of the entire Divine Eye Clan. If he were to take the risk and be annihilated in the process, the clan would be in deep trouble.

“Speaking of power, I am one notch lower than Ancestor. Even if I were to compare with Huge Axe Creator, I might, at most, be on par.” First True Master sighed. “But to achieve a breakthrough of a reincarnation era… For countless reincarnation eras, only the Ancestors of the two holy land universes were able to succeed! I cannot even surpass Ancestor, nor Huge Axe Creator. Who am I to even think I can succeed in transcending a reincarnation era? It’s just too difficult! This time around, I’m afraid it would be our Divine Eye Clan’s very last chance.”

“Regardless, Divine Eye, you cannot be so reckless. I will go with Seventh. We just need to deploy more universe masters and universe knights!”

“Yes, Second and Seventh. We shall place all hopes on you both.”

Soon, all arrangements were properly in place.

The Divine Eye Clan had sent Second True Master and Seventh True Master, and with them, they lead a team of 20 universe masters and 100 universe knights in their quest for the inheritance, headed for the Universe Boat… To the Divine Eye Clan, this had become a desperate fight arising from jealousy over whose clan was more superior.

Groups of powers were indeed going crazy for the inheritance, especially the first reincarnation era, as they were originally in the face of impending doomsday. The second reincarnation era and primal universe were also coveting it… This was probably what the line “a man who does not have foresight will find worry right at his doorstep” meant. This so-called Duan Dong River’s inheritance, if they were to miss it this time, would likely not reappear again for at least the next few reincarnation eras.

If the various groups of powers knew that the Ancestors of the two holy land universes had made appearances just to give orders for this inheritance, it would probably drive nearly 100 groups of powers from the three great reincarnation eras into an even higher state of fervor.


Chapter 1225: The Rhinoceros Emperor Game

The outside world was wild with enthusiasm, but inside the life and death corridor within the Boat of Mausoleum, silence prevailed.

Deer Bug Master, Luo Feng, Shadow Dust Master, and Sorcerer Sprite Master were carefully flying along the corridor at a reduced speed. By the time Luo Feng received news from his race, Deer Bug Master, Shadow Dust Master, and Sorcerer Sprite Master had already learned of it much earlier… This went to show the great importance the races and clans attached to this event.

Purple Moon Ancestor had shown up to have a face-to-face conversation with Deer Bug Master’s body personally! How honorable was that? At that moment, Deer Bug Master had the highest probability of becoming the greatest hero of Purple Moon Holy Land Universe.

The seven true masters had earnestly implored Shadow Dust Master and Sorcerer Sprite Master to do their utmost best, with the promise that Second True Master and Seventh True Master would lead a big team of universe masters to render support.

“All out! We shall go all out for the slightest chance for survival!” Shadow Witch Couple went berserk.

Deer Bug Master was also going crazy from the glory he was basking in. “Purple Moon Ancestor has made a personal appearance. This might be the most glorious moment of my life. I must do my very best.”

Luo Feng, meanwhile, was feeling a magnanimous amount of passion. “The human race is weaker; the number of great beings is limited. I cannot compare with any of them in terms of headcount… So I shall depend on myself, Luo Feng, and my own capability.”

The four great beings flew together. Occasionally, their gazes would meet, and their eyes were filled with enmity.

As they flew ahead, the corridor started to widen, and the surroundings started to get brighter. Gradually, stone pillars started to appear on either side of the corridor. On every stone pillar, there were virtual shadows of different forms; there could be square shadows, or pyramidal shadows, or polygonal shadows. In short, every stone pillar would have one virtual shadow. Those on the left side of the corridor had shadows that were compacted together, and within these shadows, there were 1,000 different kinds of ripples. The stone pillars on the right side of the corridor had shadows that were loosely scattered and, thus, were just barely able to form a skeletal frame.

On the left, there was a total of 123 stone pillars. On the right, there was a total of 10,080 stone pillars.

“What…?”

While flying, Luo Feng, Deer Bug Master, Shadow Dust Master, and Sorcerer Sprite Master wore expressions filled with doubts. They flew slowly, and along the way, they also carefully observed the three-dimensional virtual shadows on the stone pillars. These three-dimensional virtual shadows were all immensely huge, and within them, there were innumerable ripples.

The three-dimensional virtual shadows on 123 stone pillars on the left side corresponded nicely to the three-dimensional virtual shadows on the first 123 stone pillars on the right. On the left, the three-dimensional virtual shadows were compact and complete; they were well-structured, like the Great Wall of China.

The three-dimensional virtual shadows on the right, however, only had a skeletal frame, as though many bricks of the Great Wall had been being taken out, causing the entire structure to become so shaky that it seemed as though it would fall apart.

Every three-dimensional virtual shadow had a variety of colors, emitting thousands of light rays. At that moment, the inside of the entire corridor was so dazzlingly beautiful that it looked like paradise.

The foursome, including Luo Feng, advanced together and soon arrived at the end—the area in front of the 10,080th stone pillar on the right. All the light had gathered to give form to a figure, and that figure was Duan Dong River.

Shadow Dust Master and Sorcerer Sprite Master were the first to bow and pay their respects. “My Lord.”

This prompted Deer Bug Master and Luo Feng to also bow in respect. Yet Duan Dong River did not pay attention to the surroundings. His gaze fell upon the various three-dimensional virtual shadows that were held down by the numerous stone pillars. Then, with a sigh, he asked, “Do you all see it?”

Shadow Dust Master was the first to reply. “My lord, there is a total of 123 three-dimensional virtual shadows on the left, and a total of 10,080 three-dimensional virtual shadows on the right. Between both sides, the stone pillars on the left are perfect without flaws… It seems like they contain certain mysteries about secret techniques within them. However, those on the right are all imperfect.”

Deer Bug Master added, “The first 123 virtual shadows on the right happen to correspond with the 123 virtual shadows on the left.”

“That’s right,” Duan Dong River said, looking at those dazzling three-dimensional virtual shadows that were radiating millions of light rays. Tears welled in his eyes, blurring his vision as he whispered, “This is my hometown, and this was the most popular form of entertainment during the time of my civilization. It is also a method for cultivating and training comprehension. Any major group or power, unique inheritance, and several others would frequently utilize it when they needed to test the comprehension capability of their candidates for various purposes. This was called—Rhinoceros Emperor Game!”

“Rhinoceros Emperor Game?”

Luo Feng, Deer Bug Master, Shadow Dust Master, and Sorcerer Sprite Master all listened intently.

“Rhinoceros Emperor Game was created by an ancient, strong being, ‘Rhinoceros Emperor,’ before he was annihilated. He had put his best effort into creating it. Rhinoceros Emperor’s entire lifetime can be said to be sorrowful. He was a true hero, but in the end… Nevertheless, Rhinoceros Emperor Game was remembered by all the great beings of my civilization. Of course, his powers were much stronger than mine. After he was annihilated, this Rhinoceros Emperor Game was spread to the masses. In the early stage, countless great beings merely took it as a form of entertainment. Later, they discovered that it was extremely demanding on comprehension level! And often, studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game was beneficial in increasing one’s comprehension level! In our civilization, be it someone as young as a child just born, or someone as high up as a supreme existence, all enjoyed this game.”

“For Emperor Rhinoceros Game,” continued Duan Dong River, “there is a total of 10,081 types of basic endgames. The right side has a total of 10,080 endgames, as for the so-called 10,081st endgame… it is the scoreless game! And on the left side will be the perfectly decoded games! Once you have supplemented the first 123 endgames and have brought them to completion, you will found the solution to the game.”

All four of them, including Luo Feng, nodded their heads to indicate understanding.

“Study the first 123 decoding methods,” Duan Dong River said. “You should be able to find out its basic secret rules. If you can’t even comprehend the basic secret rules, then your comprehension level is much too low… Once you have completed comprehension of the basic rules, you can proceed to decoding. Solve the first 124 endgames on the left. When you reach the 125th endgame… you will be able to find the solution! I will give you all a longer time. Just do your best in decoding for a solution. Once the time limit is up, if you cannot even meet my most basic requirements… you will be eliminated. Of course, in this round of elimination… you will certainly face annihilation.”

Luo Feng and the other three were taken aback. Annihilation?

“Of course, you all have yet to truly come in contact with the inheritance,” Duan Dong River said. “Only after you have decoded the game up to a level that meets my minimum requirement and arrive at the next big hall—that is when you can start to get in contact with the inheritance. If you have yet to come into contact with the inheritance, then of course, there is no need for total elimination of the soul. Even if you are to be annihilated, it will just be your current godly bodies that will be destroyed; if you all have other bodies, you still survive.”

Duan Dong River informed them of all this in a straightforward manner.

“However,” he added, “the moment you all start to get into contact with the inheritance, as there can only be one possible heir, the rest of you will be facing complete annihilation of the soul. Look ahead.” Duan Dong Riber pointed afar, then commanded, “Rise!”

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

The ground in the middle of the corridor started to vibrate; the ground started to crack apart. At that moment, four light pillars radiating colorful light emerged.

“These four pillars belong to four of you.” Duan Dong River looked toward Luo Feng, Deer Bug Master, and the other two great beings. “Once you all have comprehended the secret rules, you can start decoding the game up till the 124th stage. When you have completed the game, use your godly power to draw an outline and transmit it within this crystal pillar. If the decoding is successful, the crystal pillar will prompt you. If the decoding is not successful, the crystal pillar will not show any reaction.”

“Go now. You may have a long time, but it is limited. Within the limited time, whoever can decode up to 6,000 stone pillars will receive the inheritance from one pulse of my Duan Dong River! Of course, to be able to decode 6,000 of them… this person is bound to have a bright future, and the success achievable may be even greater than mine. But I guess that none of you here will be able to achieve that yet; just try to meet the basic requirement within the limited time for now. The one who can decode the most at the end will gain the upper hand when it comes to the inheritance.”

Duan Dong River’s gaze swept across the four of them, including Luo Feng. Then he vanished into thin air.

Duan Dong River disappeared, and in this spacious corridor, there were 123 three-dimensional virtual shadows on the left and 10,080 three-dimensional virtual shadows on the right.

Luo Feng, Deer Bug Master, Shadow Dust Master, and Sorcerer Sprite Master all felt an intangible pressure.

“Game? Entertainment?” Shadow Dust Master whispered. “I can’t believe Duan Dong River has chosen us only to use this game from his ancient civilization to test us.”

“You fool,” Deer Bug Master said in a cold voice. “You really take this as a game? Weren’t you listening? That ancient civilization—from the younger generations, to the supreme masters—almost everyone liked this Rhinoceros Emperor Game. Besides, so long as we are able to decode the game up to the 6,000th stage, we may be destined for achievements that were greater than that of Duan Dong River Wu! That would be the same as saying that breaking through reincarnation eras will be an easy feat.”

The hearts of Shadow Dust Master, Sorcerer Sprite Master, and Luo Feng burned with passion. Breaking through a reincarnation era! Enabling one’s own clan to attain eternal existence! There was no other greater glory that one could ever ask for.

“Let my human race exist for eternity,” Luo Feng hoped silently.

Deer Bug Master shared the same fervent wish. “Purple Moon Ancestor regards this with such importance; he has long ago transcended the reincarnation eras, and his power was incomparably powerful. If he holds this inheritance in such high regard… then this inheritance is apparently extremely important. I would like to see this so-called Rhinoceros Emperor Game for myself and find out just how impressive it is. I don’t believe that I am unable to decode the game up to the 6,000th level!”

The hearts of the great beings burned with passion. Shadow Dust Master, Sorcerer Sprite Master, and Deer Bug Master were self-proclaimed universe masters; their conscious minds were able to revolve at extreme speeds, and that was extremely scary, as in a mere second, there could be countless thoughts racing through their minds. Naturally, they had what it took to gain the upper hand in the game.

Luo Feng did not lose out to them in mastering the game.

“I am extremely accomplished in the decoding diagrams of secret engravings,” Luo Feng said to himself. “This diagram of secret engravings and the Rhinoceros Emperor Game are both three-dimensional, so simply at one look… one can see the various secret engravings. These two have a common point, and even though I left the space of the black-striped stone pillars many hundreds of years ago, my consciousness has remained with the black-striped stone pillars to work on my comprehension of the laws and studying the secret engravings. With a time velocity that was faster by 3,000 times, my achievement in the studies of secret engravings is now much higher than before.”

Purple Moon Holy Land Universe.

“Ancestor.”

Deer Bug Master’s other body looked up at the vast sky. Respectfully, he said, “I am comprehending a method of the ancient civilization used for testing levels of comprehension—Rhinoceros Emperor Game. I will need to decode enough stages within a limited period of time, so now, what I need is a space where time velocity is extremely fast.”

Purple Moon Ancestor knew everything that happened within the holy land universe.

“Rhinoceros Emperor Game?” said a gentle voice. “I know that game. It is very difficult and profound. You must give your best. I will send this body of yours to ‘Circle of Time,’ where time velocity can be maintained at 10,000 times. Your true body will stay here in Universe Boat to observe while your consciousness can remain in the Circle of Time to continue comprehending.”

Sorcerer Sprite Master and Shadow Dust Master also went to plead with First True Master.

Within the miniature universe, a part of space where time velocity was extremely fast could also be set up. That was where their other bodies were planted.

Once he learned of the situation Luo Feng was caught in, Primal Chaos City Leader could not be bothered about anything else.

“Hurry. Your Remote Ocean body has to head for Huge Axe Creator’s miniature universe as fast as possible. Teacher Origin has been suppressed for eternity. This has prevented the primal universe from maintaining a perfect rate of acceleration. In Huge Axe’s miniature universe, a space can be set up to allow you to maintain an acceleration rate of 10,000 times.”

Primal Chaos City Leader personally retrieved Luo Feng’s new Remote Ocean body and headed for Huge Axe Creator’s universe.


Chapter 1226: Rule

Inside Boat of Mausoleum, all the stereoscopic phantoms glowed in different colors.

Luo Feng, Deer Bug Master, Sorcerer Sprite Master, and Shadow Dust Master all walked to the phantoms and stood in front of the stone pillars. They penetrated their godly power into the phantoms to study them.

Even though I’ve lived longer than them, my brain might work faster, Deer Bug Master thought.

Shadow, Sorcerer, and Lu Feng could feel the sense of hostility and competition in the air, though none of them spoke a word. They were the first ones here for the inheritance. They had the best chance.

Inside the miniature universe of Huge Axe Creator.

Around a section of land were whirlpools and black mist that seemed to be destroying the world. Luo Feng sat at the top of the mountain with his legs crossed, watching the whirlpools in the distance. His finger pointed to the space, and traces of godly power penetrated it and formed a complex stereoscopic phantom.

“How amazing! Such a complicated Rhinoceros Emperor Game! I’ve been trying to comprehend it for a while, but I have no idea how it works. What are the rules of this game?”

Luo Feng hadn’t played any game seriously before. While still living on Earth, he’d been trying to better his life and the lives of his family. After he became a warrior, he had never had a chance to relax. However, now that he was standing among the most powerful beings in the original universe, he started to study the most popular game from an ancient civilization. He was very curious about this game. After all, it could test—or even improve—one’s comprehension.

“What are the rules for this game?” Luo Feng said again, studying it carefully.

Although he had just started studying the game in Boat of Mausoleum, more than a day had passed outside the boat. Thanks to the speed of his brain, he could immediately finish studying the spaceship. However, he couldn’t even decipher the basic rules for the game.

“123 solved games in total?” he muttered. “123 solved games and 123 broken games. They correspond to each other. Light… Shape…”

Luo Feng studied it for more than three years.

“This is the game rule?” Luo Feng whispered, smiling a bit. “Rhinoceros Emperor Game is a stereoscopic game—like a complex engraving picture.”

“Rule number one: There are 10,081 basic elements!” Luo Feng said to himself. “Rule number two: On each micro-stereoscopic hologram, each basic element can only appear once. Rule number three: Every micro-stereoscopic hologram will change, which makes the holograms appear different from each other. No two lines of the hologram can have the same picture.”

“Rule number four…”

“Rule number five…”

“Rule number nine: In the ultimate solved game, the stereoscopic phantom formed by godly power has a perfect circle. The energies will exist forever.”

Nine rules, and all were extremely complicated. Even the mind of a universe master couldn’t remember the position of a basic element. Countless basic elements formed a micro-stereoscopic picture; countless pictures formed a small stereoscopic picture; countless small pictures formed a medium-sized picture; countless medium-sized pictures formed a stereoscopic phantom. Even universe masters wouldn’t have been able to remember them!

One needed to understand the mysteries behind the game. Just like performing techniques, one needed to understand the mysteries to truly perform it, as its complexity could not be memorized directly by the brain.

“Impressive!” Luo Feng exclaimed. “How complex the rules are! And each game formed is complete and doesn’t consume any energies? Impressive… Even the engraving of my miniature universe can’t achieve a perfect energy circle. The first round of Rhinoceros Emperor Game isn’t as complicated as the miniature universe engraving picture. However, it is exceedingly complex, and the energies last forever. That’s why it’s perfect! No wonder Rhinoceros Emperor Game is so popular in Duan Dong River Wu. Amazing that someone was able to create such a mysterious game.”

Luo Feng was excited. It was much easier to study Rhinoceros Emperor Game after learning the rules, and he was immediately attracted to the game.

Immediately, Luo Feng was addicted. It was interesting, challenging, and offered a sense of accomplishment. He admired Rhinoceros even more now for being able to create such a game. It had strict requirements for intelligence, and one needed to be at least an undying fighter to be able to contemplate the game.

Duan Dong River said that in the ancient civilization, everyone— including the children—loved this game, thought Luo Feng. Does that mean even children of that civilization were undying?

The idea flashed through Luo Feng’s mind. Then he stopped overthinking and focused on contemplating the game.

Deer Bug master, Shadow Dust Master, Sorcerer Sprite Master, and Luo Feng were all staring at the stereoscopic phantoms.

Finally, Sorcerer Sprite Master transmitted the voice. “Shadow Dust! Shadow Dust! I’ve figured out the rules.”

“What are the rules?” Shadow Dust Master was overjoyed. “This goddamn game! I’ve studied it for a long time, yet I still have no idea how the rules are.”

“The rule is…” And Sorcerer Sprite Master notified him.

Shadow Dust Master was exhilarated. “Of course. Haha. No wonder I couldn’t figure out the mysteries behind these phantoms. The connections between these stereoscopic pictures are so complicated. Sorcerer Sprite, we both know the rules now. How about the other two?”

They both glanced at Luo Feng and Deer Bug Master. Deer Bug Master and Luo Feng stood as still as sculptures.

“Don’t worry about them,” said Sorcerer Sprite Master. “We can communicate with each other and comprehend those together. We’ll be way ahead of them.”

“That’s right. When the second true master and others from our race come here, we’ll have a better chance.”

From the three universe eras to the two holy lands, great beings from almost all the powers were heading toward Universe Boat. Great beings from the Heaven Clock Clan was the first to arrive.

Hong!

100,000 times faster than light speed, a broken shadow was roaming the space outside Flame Ice region. It was approaching Boat of Mausoleum at high speed. Jittery Sea Master, Red Lark Master, and the silent Rock Giant Master were all looking at that shadow.

“It’s a universe supreme master!”

Hua!

That broken shadow immediately slowed and stopped in front of the gate. The three universe masters were horrified and took a step back.

“Shadow Clock Demon Master?” The three universe masters all looked at the outside.

A black clock shadow floated outside the gate. Then the shadow dissipated. Followed by a ripple, a weird elder with long hair that had billions of small black clocks on it appeared. There were even clocks on his eyebrows and body hair. This was the typical outward appearance of a creature from the Heaven Clock Clan.

“Shadow Clock Demon Master.” The three universe masters gave a salutation.

“Ha! Skeleton race, thanks for the news!” Shadow Clock Demon Master laughed. “Three great beings from my race are rushing here.”

Three forces showed up.

“Go to that control room,” Shadow Clock Demon Master ordered. He looked at Jittery Sea Master. “You know how to go.”

“Of course,” said Jittery Sea Master. “This is the map.”

A trace of godly power flew outside his body, and a complex map was formed, leading to the center palace. It was a simple route, and it was easily understandable.

“Great.” Shadow Clock Demon Master nodded. “Then go.” Shadow Clock Demon Master took a look at the three universe masters from the Heaven Clock clan and added, “The hope of our race is borne on your shoulders.”

“Okay.”

“Okay.”

“We’ll make it or die trying.”

The three universe masters were also excited. They flew to the control room like three streaks of light.

After half a year, in front of the gate of Boat of Mausoleum…

“How are you stop us from getting in, Shadow Clock Demon Master! Do you want to fight us, the first Ancestral God School?”

“Get the hell out of here.”

“Shadow Clock Demon Master!”

Six universe masters had gathered in front of the gate. They were all universe masters staying around Flame Ice Region. They had come here after hearing the news. However, Shadow Clock Demon Master needed to take care of his race. He needed to stall any other great beings as long as possible.

“Humph!” Shadow Clock Demon Master stood there, ignoring them.

Hong!

A powerful force tore apart the surrounding space and time.

Shadow Clock Demon Master was horrified and looked toward the force. “Such a strong force!” he said. “Which universe supreme master is it? I’ve never seen you.”

Peng!

A beam of light rushed into the gate.

Shadow Clock Demon Master didn’t dare to resist it. He could tell that the palace true treasure was a supreme true treasure. Its powerful force permeated the surroundings.

An elder in a white cape surrounded with leaves landed. He glanced at Shadow Clock Demon Master.

“You are…” Shadow Clock Demon Master frowned. “Eastern Emperor Holy Land?”

“Humph.”

The white-caped elder didn’t even want to take one more look at Shadow Clock Demon Master. He waved his hands, and suddenly, 20 universe masters, 200 universe knights, and 2,000 undying fighters appeared.

“Go,” he ordered. “Get the inheritance for our Eastern Emperor Holy Land.”

“Yes!”

All the great beings rushed in. The Skeleton race had given the map to Eastern Emperor Holy Land a long time ago in an effort to befriend them.

“I, North True, haven’t been in Universe Ocean for more than ten universe eras,” the white-caped elder said, glancing at the others. “If Purple Moon Holy Land and the other powers haven’t arrived by now, they never will.”

Hong!

The white-caped elder waved his hands, and a giant black oval blocked the gate.

“Now that I’m here, let’s see who can get in.”

The white-caped elder took a step and merged with the black oval.


Chapter 1227: Malice

On the life-and-death corridor of Boat of Mausoleum.

There were six figures standing in scattered directions while observing the ongoing Rhinoceros Emperor Game.

“Any movement?” Luo Feng’s brows were furrowed, and he looked outward.

He could vaguely feel the bouts of ripples being transmitted over from the other end of the corridor. He guessed that was where he had earlier exchanged blows with Monster Cuello. The ripples produced during their battle had caught the attention of Shadow Dust Master, Sorcerer Sprite Master, Deer Bug Master, and the two other universe masters from Heaven Clock Clan. Their expressions did not look very well.

“Could it be that another great being has arrived?” Luo Feng mumbled to himself. “Duan Dong River has left the floodgate open, and for those from the Skeleton Race, who were eliminated at the very beginning, he did not kill them. Rather, he let them off unscathed. Obviously, he wanted the news to spread so that he could attract the attention of more great beings.”

The greater the number of candidates, the higher the chances of finding a great being that could accept his inheritance. Luo Feng could understand Duan Dong River’s intentions, but his actions added pressure to Luo Feng.

“Rhinoceros Emperor Game is really difficult. Although it has not even been a year here, in Huge Axe’s universe, I have been comprehending for a couple thousand years.” Luo Feng sighed. “A few decades of comprehension, yet I am still in the pondering stage. Now, I have merely passed up to the 119th stage and have instantly mapped it out onto the crystal pillar.”

From the first to the 10,081st stage, Rhinoceros Emperor Game was unbelievably demanding on one’s ability to comprehend.

Although the regulations had been summed up earlier—indicating that one only needed to decode a complete solution for the first to the 123rd stage—to achieve full comprehension and then to instantly map it out was still very difficult. Luo Feng had to fully comprehend the first 100 stages before he felt that he had made some improvement. That was an improvement in his ability to comprehend, as when he was thinking about the mapping process, his consciousness could take up a more multi-dimensional structure.

A short while later—

Hong!

A strong ripple was transmitted.

A great many figures were flying over. Luo Feng and the other five could not resist turning around to look, and what they saw brought changes to their expressions.

“So many.”

“This—this is really a lot!”

“How can there be so many?”

Luo Feng and the rest were shocked. With one look, the dense crowd of figures included at least a couple hundred great beings, and most of these hundreds of figures had similar appearances. For instance, their godly bodies were generally surrounded by green leaf vines. The majority of these figures were obviously from the same race, with only a handful who obviously were different from this race.

Shadow Dust Master’s expression changed slightly. “Almost all of them are from East Emperor Holy Land Universe. Only three are from another race. East Emperor Holy Land Universe has unexpectedly sent so many over.”

“Look, not all of them are universe masters! There are even universe knights and undying souls,” Sorcerer Sprite Master added. “Previously, Monster Cuello had been extremely terrifying, but now, even universe knights and undying souls are able to make it pass Monster Cuello to come here alive… I think Monster Cuello must have taken into consideration the intruder’s ability before showing its power.”

“Yes. This news is very important. Previously, clans only brought more universe masters over to try their luck. They did not bring any undying godly spirits. This news must be transmitted to our clan!”

“If we are talking about undying godly spirits, the Divine Eye Clan has tons of them!”

Shadow Witch Couple’s bodies immediately started to report the news to their clan.

But… the Divine Eye Clan acted first and sent Second True Master and Seventh True Master, who had already set off.

An icy-cold voice resounded. “The turnout is quite big this time.”

Luo Feng turned to take a look and saw a lone figure that was formed by converging light rays standing in the distance—Duan Dong River. Luo Feng merely cast one brief look. Thereafter, he did not pay further heed to Duan Dong River. Every time there were newcomers, Duan Dong River would come out to repeat the same explanation. Earlier on, when the two universe masters from Heaven Clock Clan arrived, Duan Dong River also gave the same explanation.

Occasionally, Luo Feng would pay attention to the situation in his surroundings, but in doing so, he felt that it did not have the slightest bit of influence on his speed of comprehension. He, Deer Bug Master, and Shadow Witch Couple, being the earliest batch, were in an advantageous position. Even if an outstanding great being turned up later, so long as any one of the four managed to meet the basic requirement, he or she would naturally be able to get in contact with the inheritance first.

Time flew by.

In the blink of an eye, a month had passed.

“Previously I managed to complete mapping out the first 100 stages. I felt as though things were brightening up, and I was cheering up over the fact that I had made marked improvement. Now, I have fully comprehended the first 123 stages. I am left with this 124th stage.”

Luo Feng cast a glance at that 124th endgame that was quite a distance away. Then he focused all his attention on the crystal pillar before him and started to try decoding! The first 123 stages were fully comprehended, but because the solutions were already publicized, there was no difficulty at all. All he had to do was comprehend the solutions thoroughly. At that moment, he was facing the first true attempt at decoding.

It was not like before, where he just had to look at the outcome of the decoded game to comprehend it. This time, he had to look at the endgame to decode the game. Obviously, he felt terribly bothered.

Once!

Twice!

Luo Feng tried to map the layout, even for those basic elements that he was unclear of, he mapped them based on his gut feeling. With the passage of time… Luo Feng’s mind got clearer, as though his mind was sketching from tens of thousands of dimensions that were combining with one another, and very quickly, the basic elements were determined. This was his first attempt at decoding, and suddenly, he felt that he had gained new experiences on top of the knowledge he had learned from his previous comprehension.

Half a month passed.

Weng!

A three-dimensional virtual shadow of a cone was forming within the crystal pillar. From the outside, no one could see it. The three-dimensional virtual shadow was perfect, suspended in midair. Not the least bit of godly power could be dissipated.

A bout of ripples was immediately transmitted to Luo Feng’s consciousness: “The 124th stage has been decoded to perfect completion.”

Luo Feng was secretly happy. Finally, he had managed to succeed in his first attempt at decoding…

“I shall move on to the 125the stage.”

Time passed.

When the group of great beings from the East Emperor Holy Land Universe arrived, Luo Feng and company could feel the ripples caused by battling of supreme great beings from the outside world. And since those were ripples caused by battles in the outside world, to have that amount of power, the battles must have involved universe supreme beings.

It was the fifth month since great beings form East Emperor Holy Land Universe arrived.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

The terrifying ripples were transmitted across the different layers within the Boat of Mausoleum, with their power weakening while traversing layers. When it reached the life and death corridor, where the comprehension of Rhinoceros Emperor Game was ongoing, even the undying godly souls were able to detect the ripples.

For the majority of great beings, like Luo Feng and Deer Bug Master, the amount that they detected was naturally much stronger.

“That loathsome East Emperor Universe!” Deer Bug Master’s eyes flashed with a glimmer of rage as he looked coldly at the universe masters, universe knights, and undying godly souls of East Emperor Holy Land from afar. “That North True Star Master actually blocked the doorway. He actually blocked the cabin doors. Humph! North True Star Master is in an advantageous position only because he has many supreme true treasures. That is why he dares to show such arrogance.”

The three reincarnation eras knew very little about North True Star Master. But for someone who had lived for a long time, Deer Bug Master knew a lot about North True Star Master.

Incomparably ancient, North True Star Master was one of the few remaining universe supreme beings of East Emperor Holy Land Universe. East Emperor Holy Land Universe had been around for a long time and had therefore received countless ancient inheritances. North True Star Master may not have owned a miniature universe, but even relying on the ancient inheritances, his battle power was still considered quite strong among all the universe supreme beings.

Taking the field this time, East Emperor Holy Land Universe was putting in its 101 percent best; North True Star Master had the other universe supreme beings loaning their true treasures to him, so he had brought along a whopping four supreme true treasures! The four supreme true treasures were palace type, domain type, close combat attack type, and long-range attack type, respectively.

Once he blocked the door, great beings from the Purple Moon Holy Land who arrived later would not be able to charge their way in.

Deer Bug Master was furious and grumbled his displeasure. “Loathsome.” Then, pushing North True Star Master out of his mind, he put in his best effort into studying the secret techniques.

Battles in the outside world were ongoing. Purple Moon Holy Land and East Emperor Holy Land were really fighting each other to life and death, and both parties were amply prepared. As North True Star Master was first to arrive, his blocking of the entrance of the cabin doors had really left his opponent with no way out.

This time, North True Star Master could arrive earlier due to certain reasons. One, he had an attack type supreme true treasure to help him pave his way. And two, the clan had a more detailed map of the Universe Boat, so he could find an even nearer shortcut.

The difference in arrival time of both Purple Moon Holy Land and Divine Eye Clan was not that far apart. Merely three days.

On the third day of battle between Purple Moon Holy Land and East Emperor Holy Land…

“North True! Scram!”

“North True, you think you are able to stop the three of us?”

“Get lost!”

“Eternal True God! Go, get him away.”

At the cabin doors, Purple Moon Holy Land and the Divine Eye Clan joined forces. The three universe supreme masters were doing their best to lay siege to North True Star Master. The universe supreme masters of the Divine Eye Clan… Every single one of them owned a miniature universe. The power that each possessed was extraordinary. Furthermore, Second True Master and Seventh True Master were also skilled in concerted moves.

North True Star Master might not have been afraid, but he could only hold out for that short moment before he was blasted away.

Luo Feng and a couple hundred great beings were hard at work, trying their best to comprehend the Rhinoceros Emperor Game, and, not surprisingly, Luo Feng and Deer Bug Master were the few who were faster.

As for the other universe knights and undying godly souls who had come over, their speed of comprehension was much slower— especially a handful of undying godly spirits, who, although they were already briefed by the other universe masters of the same race about the rules of the Rhinoceros Emperor Game, were still unable to grasp a full understanding of it.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

From where Monster Cuello was, there were bouts of energy ripples being transmitted over.

Luo Feng was aware of it. Most likely, this would be another large batch of newcomers.

“So many have come, but in the end, only one can receive the inheritance.”

Luo Feng sighed. Madness, the clans had all gone mad.

After a long while, a mighty group of a couple hundred figures flew over. At first glance, a majority consisted of undying godly souls from Purple Moon Holy Land! As for the overall number of universe knights and universe masters, Purple Moon Holy Land seemed to have the same number as the Divine Eye Clan, which was also similar to East Emperor Holy Land Universe, or probably only short by two. But if Deer Bug Master was added to the headcount, then Purple Clan Holy Land would, on the contrary, be at an advantageous position.

“This is the most basic rule.” Deer Bug Master took one look and started telling the latecomers discreetly.

Hazy light rays started to gather.

The light rays gave form to a green-haired man. He had eyes that were peaceful like the ocean, and as his gaze swept the 1,000-plus candidates present, he said, “Those who have come later, this is the last test before moving on to the next hall. It is a test on your comprehension. This is my hometown. It is a game that is most widely spread. It should not be seen simply as a game, but rather, as an important means to help you hone and cultivate your comprehension. He can test and increase your comprehension, and he is given the name—Rhinoceros Emperor Game!

Duan Dong River gave a slow and elaborate introduction.

“Let’s begin. Within a limited time, those whose decoding progress has reached my minimal requirement may enter the next hall.” Duan Dong River scanned the room with a cold look. “Do not underestimate this Rhinoceros Emperor Game… The four who came the earliest—humph! Up until now, only the human was able to perfectly decode the 124th endgame. The other three are still too slow. If this goes on—humph…!”

Duan Dong River shook his head and laughed coldly. Then he vanished into thin air.

The moment his words were heard, almost simultaneously, over 1,000 candidates present—from the Divine Eye clan, the Purple Moon Holy Land, the East Emperor Holy Land, and the other groups of powers—all looked over at Luo Feng!

Luo Feng’s expression changed slightly, too. “That loathsome Duan Dong River. This is pure malice. How could he? How could he utter such words?”

“Attack this human! So that he cannot focus on comprehending!”

“Attack.”

“Attack this human.”

Deer Bug Master and Shadow Witch Couple stood afar wordlessly with distant looks on their faces. As for the Divine Eye clan, Purple Moon Holy Land, and East Emperor Holy Land, all three had sent two to three universe masters out almost at the same time to launch attacks on Luo Feng. Duan Dong River might have given instructions for them to work on comprehending, but he did not forbid killing during the process of comprehending.


Chapter 1228: Extermination

The Divine Eye Clan, Purple Moon Holy Land, and East Emperor Holy Land had a total of eight universe masters launching attacks at the same time, all of them were blazing their godly powers, then either directly, or transformed into a roaring beast, a huge axe that could hack and shatter everything, countless threads entwined together… various attacking methods they deployed, all directed towards and enveloping Luo Feng alone.

“This detestable bunch of idiots!” Luo Feng was so angry that he was grinding his teeth.

Then, right away, his godly body trembled.

Hua!

Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor suddenly expanded. Soon after, it condensed into a beast god—a gigantic, single-horned lizard! It was just like Yin Tuo’s Golden Sulphone Armor and Five Chaos Master’s Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, which could also transform into beast gods; their actual bodies would hide within the beast gods’ bodies. Usually, a protective armor that could expand outward and then condense into the form of a beast god was much more valuable than ordinary pinnacle palace true treasures.

“Roar!” The single-horned lizard let out a piercing roar. No matter how strongly the eight varieties of attacks connected with it, it did not show even a trace of damage.

“Divine Eye Clan, Purple Moon Holy Land, and East Emperor Holy Land!” the single-horned lizard roared with rage. “To think you all could be shameless to such an extent!”

The great beings from the Divine Eye Clan scoffed. “Shameless? What a great joke! With the impending doomsday, this precious Duan Dong River’s inheritance is our only hope for survival. For this inheritance, nothing we do could ever be shameless enough!”

A three-faced elder with eight arms from Purple Moon Holy Land sneered and said, “Luo Feng, you humans want this inheritance too? You are merely a weak little race with a single universe supreme master. How ridiculous!”

The single-horned lizard shot him a look of indifference. Weak? They must have been unaware of the power of Huge Axe Creator.

A cold, gloomy great being from the Divine Eye Clan glared at Luo Feng. “You think you can disregard us just because you have an armor treasure? Everyone, time to take action. Let’s exterminate this greatest threat in our way.”

“Sure.”

“Even if we don’t manage to kill him, we should ensure that he cannot focus on studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game.”

Suddenly, the eight universe masters continued to besiege Luo Feng. Previously, they had stood afar and merely executed their techniques with their godly powers, so the might of their attacks was not very forceful. But this time, the majority of them were fifth-tiered or at least fourth-tiered universe masters. All of them were executing their killing moves—be they soul attacks or close-range attacks.

“Roar!” The single-horned lizard continued to roar furiously. “A bunch of bastards! You all don’t even dare to go through a round of fair comprehension.”

“What is fairness?”

“You weak human! You are not qualified to ask for fairness. You are too weak!”

“Haha! What a joke you are.”

Amidst all the jests and jeers, they rained attacks on the single-horned lizard without holding back whatsoever.

Hong!

The single-horned lizard reeled back and hit the sidewall, colliding with one of the stone pillars that sported a three-dimensional virtual shadow. This caused the stone pillars to tremble, but they were indestructible. Thus, the eight universe masters grew even more rampant in their attacks. Beneath their onslaught, Luo Feng was rendered helpless with no room for retaliation.

Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, when expanded into a beast god, has extremely strong defense abilities! he thought. It is comparable to a pinnacle palace true treasure… yet its combat power is still at a fourth-tier standard. Out of the eight, six are obviously stronger than me, and I am only on par with the other two. The most terrible thing is that those two are not taking me on one by one—they are all ganging up on me.

Luo Feng was in a panic. He was sustaining the stability of the single-horned lizard by consuming his godly power. Although he was trying his best to put up a fight and evade their attacks, he was still being crushed. Amidst all this fighting, he had to ensure that he was maintaining the stability of the single-horned lizard. This alone, kept him distracted.

The efficiency of comprehending suddenly fell.

“Loathsome!” growled Luo Feng. “Duan Dong River is simply watching all this happen?”

Luo Feng was furious. He was also confused as to Duan Dong River’s true intention. For Duan Dong River to have made such a comment earlier on, it was as if he wanted to make Luo Feng a public enemy! The fact that Luo Feng had a relatively short cultivation time was well-known throughout Universe Ocean, and he was part of the first batch that went in to receive the inheritance for this round. When he had been at the magicube instrument, he had been able to make an impression on Duan Dong River, and he was also the first to successfully comprehend the 124th stage of the Rhinoceros Emperor Game.

Various factors were at play. How could the Divine Eye Clan, Purple Moon Holy Land, and East Emperor Holy Land watch while Luo Feng was about to receive that inheritance? Of course they would use their most devious means to stop him!

“Roar!” The single-horned lizard let out a furious roar, and four hooved feet suddenly stomped onto the ground as it dashed across the shadows and flew toward the other end of the passageway, where another group of undying godly spirits were.

“Not good.”

“Take cover, everyone!”

Those undying godly spirits all had a great shock. They were implicated in a battle between universe masters!

In fact, from the start of the siege, no one had yet to be annihilated because no one knew what rules Duan Dong River would impose. Since it was a one-time selection of candidates, Duan Dong River would most likely not want to see any killing among his candidates, which was why the eight universe masters made the smart move to control hold back while attacking Luo Feng. This was also why all the combat that had been going on did not implicate any of those undying godly spirits.

But now, Luo Feng had charged his way in amongst the group of undying godly spirits. Once the fighting started, even if efforts were put into controlling the situation, even a minor implication would most likely cause an undying fighter to face annihilation.

Peng!

A dazzling, heavy hammer appeared, seeming to fill the whole space between heaven and earth; it hacked the back of the single-horned lizard, causing it to buckle to its knees. Bouts of invisible waves were produced in succession, and the undying godly spirits who had already tried their best to escape at lightning speed were still implicated. Two unlucky ones eventually faced annihilation and were reduced to nothing but ash carried away on the wind.

Hu!

They were instantly dispersed upon annihilation.

“Dead!” The single-horned lizard took one look behind him.

“Two undying fighters have lost their lives!”

The eight universe masters laying siege against Luo Feng were also shocked. They temporarily stopped to observe the movements around them. Shadow Dust Master, Sorcerer Sprite Master, and Deer Bug Master also watched with great eagerness. The three of them had yet to intervene with any matters that concerned Luo Feng since the group of great beings had arrived. Since the three of them— representing the Divine Eye Clan and Purple Moon Holy Land—were the most hopeful candidates for the inheritance, the two groups of powers naturally would not be willing to let them take the risk.

There was silence for a moment. The single-horned lizard and the eight universe masters laying siege on it all watched, waiting to see if the deaths of the two undying fighters would arouse any action from Duan Dong River.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Suddenly, from the stone pillars with three-dimensional virtual shadows—123 on the left and 123 on the right—there was an outburst of black and white lines. A total of 246 light rays were converging in midair in an instant. They transformed into a single beam that had a spirit of its own, swimming about like a water snake. This ray of light immediately swept toward the universe master from East Emperor Universe who was dealing strikes at Luo Feng with his huge hammer.

The ray of light ray extremely fast. It exceeded 100 times light speed, surpassing the limit allowable by the Universe Law.

Shua!

All the great beings felt a quick and forceful wave.

“Ah!”

A roar of reluctance was heard as that lofty universe master holding his godly hammer was annihilated, leaving behind some true treasures on the ground.

Hundreds of rays of light began to cover and wind about the godly hammer, the armor, and some other true treasures. Then they swiftly were sent to one of the nearest stone pillars with a three-dimensional virtual shadow. The godly hammer, armor, and other true treasures instantly disappeared into the pillar.

Silence resumed within the passageway. A long time later, hushed voices began to speak.

“Fog Creator Master is dead?”

“Fog Creator Master…”

“Fog Creator Master of East Emperor Holy Land Universe…!”

Every great being present was taken aback. Even Luo Feng felt a shudder in his heart. This was simply terrifying. Originally, he had thought that even if Duan Dong River were to mete out punishment, it would probably be something like deploying his monster-like subordinates, like Cuello. But much to his surprise, the numerous stone pillars along the passageway contained secret techniques, which could be activated even after their masters had been annihilated countless reincarnation eras ago. One strike, and Fog Creator Master was exterminated!

Fog Creator Master had been a special life-form that lived within East Emperor Holy Land Universe. He was skilled in techniques like the trapping of enemies, and furthermore, he was originally a living soul composed out of a mass of fog. Even after he had been condensed into human form, killing him was still extremely difficult. He had spent innumerable reincarnation eras cultivating his achievements in secret techniques, so even though he was just a living soul made up of fog, he was able to execute extremely strong attacks. In terms of power, he was definitely comparable to Primal Chaos City Leader! And in terms of the ability to protect himself, he was a notch stronger!

This life form had lived through incomparably long ages. He had been a being that could roam Universe Ocean without restraint. Even universe supreme masters found him to be extremely difficult to exterminate. And in a single stroke, he had met with annihilation?

“Horrifying!”

“This is just too scary.”

“Fog Creator Master is exterminated—just like that.”

Some of the weaker undying godly spirits showed fear in their eyes.

Luo Feng, on the other hand, discreetly let out a sigh of relief. Duan Dong River was indeed impressive. Although a thunderous technique would have probably been enough to frighten this bunch, Duan Dong River was vicious, executing instant extermination and plundering the treasures immediately.

“Previously, when we were laying siege on human form Milky Way, Lord Duan Dong River did not stop us at all,” said the gloomy and cold man from the Divine Eye Clan. “This time around, it must be because undying godly spirits were implicated, so Fog Creator Master had to die.” He added in an aloof manner, “So long as we do not implicate any great beings around us, we should be fine.”

“True. We were fighting for so long, yet he did not stop us. He did not punish us!”

“Let’s get moving.”

“We are the three groups of powers with the greatest advantage now. We must not let Luo Feng be the ultimate candidate to accept that inheritance. We must restrain him first. As for we three groups of powers, we shall just have to rely on each other’s abilities.”

“I propose that all undying godly spirits and universe knights temporarily go into the palace true treasure,” the gloomy and cold man said immediately. “We already know the rules. Now we just have to familiarize ourselves with how to play the game. Let them stay within the palace true treasure to work on comprehending the game first. This will ensure that they cannot possibly be implicated in any way.”

“Good idea.”

“I second that.”

The three groups of powers—the Divine Eye Clan, Purple Moon Holy Land, and East Emperor Holy Land—hesitated no longer. With the universe masters taking charge and all universe knights and undying godly spirits under their command, all were sent into the palace true treasure for the time being.

Luo Feng was in the form of a single-horned lizard as he stood where he was, looking at the other seven figures in the distance.

“Fog Creator Master is already dead! Do you all seek your deaths too?” The single-horned lizard let out a low growl.

A man from East Emperor Holy Land Universe whose entire body was surrounded with vines and green leaves retorted with a jest, “Fog Creator Master’s main body was annihilated, but he still has his other body kept alive! All of us surrounding you can divide our bodies. So long as we can destroy you so that you are unable to lay hands on the inheritance… does it even matter if our main bodies are annihilated?”

“That’s right. So long as this human is dead, our deaths are worthwhile.”

“I came here, originally, with no intentions of getting that inheritance. So long as I can remove all the obstructions in the way for my clan’s members to be able to get that inheritance, annihilation is worthwhile.”

The seven universe masters were all mentally prepared. If they were to be annihilated, they would do so most willingly—not to mention that they were willing to be exterminated in the passageway, which would only mean the extermination of their bodies. Their divided bodies would still be kept alive.

“You weak little human, dream on! This inheritance… You will never get it.”

Seven figures surrounded the single-horned lizard and charged toward it at the same time. They were all prepared and would rather give up their chance of comprehending the Rhinoceros Emperor Game just to ensure that they had this human under control—so that they could destroy him!


Chapter 1229: Ice Cliff Fortress

Within the life-and-death corridor of the Boat of Mausoleum, there were many towering figures. They were either plant life forms, blood and flesh life forms, or rock life forms. They bore all sorts of appearances and wore different kinds of armor and robes, of which the Divine Eye Clan, Purple Moon Holy Land, and East Emperor Holy Land were the top three strongest groups. Every single one of them possessed powers that exceeded ten universe masters combined.

There were also several other universe masters scattered about. These universe masters were at areas that were extremely close to the Flame Ice Region. Thus, they were able to rush over in the shortest time possible. They might be powerful, but they did not dare meddle with how the top three powers were dealing with human form Luo Feng.

“Poor human.”

“Unlucky fellow.”

“That human Milky Way was pretty fast in comprehending the Rhinoceros Emperor Game. Duan Dong River has made it known so directly. If the two of us are also fast in comprehending the Rhinoceros Emperor Game, will it be publicized? Or will we be mobbed?”

“Even if we did decode the game, let’s hide our ability for now and not let it show in the crystal pillar. It’s not too late to show after some time, when the number of great beings in here gets bigger. By that time, our clan’s great beings will have become stronger.”

“True.”

Although they could see that Luo Feng was being besieged, they showed no trace of pity at all because deep down, they all coveted that inheritance… If Luo Feng—the most hopeful candidate for the inheritance—was out of the way, that works to their advantage.

“That loathsome bastard!”

The same moment the horned lizard’s sharp claws clashed with that huge grinder with a loud bang, its tail transformed into a dazzling arc of light with a sudden lash. Then, just like marks made by a battle blade, it slashed toward that single-eyed special life form of the Divine Eye Clan.

Although those surrounding Luo Feng at that moment belonged to the three groups of powers, not all of them were clansmen of these three groups of power. For instance, Fog Creator Master, who had been killed by Duan Dong River through the use of an activated secret technique that the stone pillars contained, was not from any of these clans. He was a special life-form.

Some top groups of powers would have subjects under their command.

For instance, the primal universe had humans. Thus, the human race formed the Hong Alliance with a couple of universe masters under its command. Say, in the future, the primal universe faced destruction… Luo Feng and all of humanity would have to enter the miniature universe. At that time, an even smaller part of their space would have to be divided out for their subjects. At least, as individuals, these universe masters were still able to continue surviving independently.

These universe masters would naturally be of a lower status compared to the people of the human race, and in situations that involved greater risks, they would be the ones sent to deal with the situations, regardless of the dangers they had to face! Of the great beings who were dealing with Luo Feng this time around, the majority were subjects of the top three groups of powers with the abilities to divide bodies. Although they were subjects, they did not fall short in terms of combat ability and were able to put up a tough fight against the toughest opponent.

Luo Feng was besieged by the seven great universe masters.

“Milky Way, you are really quite good in struggling. This armor of yours works really well… Losing that pair of silver wings, you unexpectedly gained this worthy armor. But what use could there be for you to put up a struggle? Fighting against us at full force, even if you managed to stay alive, how much effort would be left for you to commit to the Rhinoceros Emperor Game?”

“Give up. It is better to back off early.”

They were at an overwhelming advantage, as Luo Feng was, after all, still weaker in terms of godly power. And even if he was not inferior in many other areas like knowledge of secret techniques, when it came to comparing godly power, he barely made it to the same level of power as the weakest one among all seven great universe masters. The moment they laid siege on him, he would have no choice but to be trampled upon; relying on his Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, he was able to expand and take the form of Beast God. That was how he gained an extremely strong defense ability that allowed him to pull through all the attacks.

“This will not do.” Luo Feng was fighting at the speed of lightning whilst in the body of the single-horned lizard. He was filled with anxiety. “This cannot go on. I need to maintain the Beast God’s existence at all times, but it is consuming too much godly power. As time drags on, too much of my godly body will be consumed. And in Universe Ocean, the rate at which my godly power replenishes is slow. Moreover, even if I am not worried about using up my godly power, to continue fighting in this manner, the efficiency of studying Rhinoceros Emperor Game will be greatly reduced. I can’t be bothered with so much.”

Luo Feng gritted his teeth.

As there was a large number of universe masters present, to the extent of two universe supreme masters amongst them. Luo Feng had not wanted to take Star Tower out. But, forced into a corner as he was now, he had no other way out. His comprehension of Rhinoceros Emperor Game was too important.

The besieged, single-horned lizard was fleeing helter-skelter as the seven great universe masters launched attacks brazenly. Suddenly—

Hong!

From within the single-horned lizard’s body, a crimson tower emerged, and the single-horned lizard speedily disassembled itself to enter the crimson tower. Then this crimson tower sat itself on the corridor’s ground and moved no more.

“A palace true treasure!”

“How dare you hide within your palace true treasure. You really think we have no way to deal with you?”

“Foolish fellow. Hiding within a palace true treasure is actually the best way to court death.”

The seven universe masters surrounded the crimson tower and looked at what was in the middle of their circle. Then they looked at one another and started to laugh.

“Who shall make the first move?”

“Who is willing to make a move?”

“This is an opportunity. You should take it.”

“I think it is better for you, Wind Wolf Master, to do it. Your sealing true treasure is one of the best among the pinnacle true treasures. We will be more certain that we can seal him inside the tower.”

At that moment, within Star Tower, Luo Feng could clearly hear every word of the conversation going on outside. He was inside the control hall of Star Tower and did not dare slacken to the slightest degree. He carefully observed the outside world, listened to every sound, watched the universe masters in conversation with one another, and could not help letting out a snort of laughter.

“You all must be kidding,” he said. “Sealing? You all are thinking of sealing me in here? Even the best out of all the pinnacle palace type true treasures… This is a sealing type supreme true treasure we are looking at. There is no possibility of sealing this type of supreme true treasure at all.”

Outside, Wind Wolf Master sneered. “All right, leave it to me. With my treasure… he will only be able to escape my seal if his palace is also the best out of all pinnacle true treasures. Otherwise, he will not be able to escape at all… Once sealed—”

Wind Wolf Master continued no more. He was worried that Duan Dong River would catch wind of their conversation and attack him.

Once sealed, there would be no chance for Luo Feng to get into contact with the crystal pillar. Therefore, there would be no chance to receive the inheritance.

Previously, two candidates who were undying godly souls were implicated and subsequently died, therefore leading to the annihilation of Fog Creator Master.

Wind Wolf Master was also worried because sealing Luo Feng within the tower would deprive Luo Feng of any chance of receiving the inheritance, which would also lead to Luo Feng being annihilated. After sealing Luo Feng, it was no big deal if Luo Feng was annihilated. However, if he had spoken too much before the sealing took place to have provoked Duan Dong River into killing him, then he would have been so wronged.

“Human!” Wind Wolf Master held out his palm, and instantly, a dazzling tri-color tower shaft appeared suspended in midair. He snorted while looking at the crimson tower. “Seal!”

Wind Wolf Master’s godly power burned up to activate his true treasure; the next moment, the tri-color tower shaft flew over to station itself directly above crimson Star Tower. A hole appeared at the bottom of the tower shaft, and an intangible yet powerful suction energy was exerting its influence over Star Tower. It started to pull on it like crazy.

Hong! Long! Long!

The force acted strongly over Star Tower, causing Star Tower to shake slightly.

When Wind Wolf Master saw how Star Tower merely trembled slightly without even leaving the ground, he gritted his teeth and growled, “Seal!”

“Just a little bit more.”

“Fog Creator Master, your sealing true treasure’s suction force is not enough.”

“Add a bout of power, put in your very best.”

The other six universe masters were urging him on out of anxiety.

Fog Creator Master was furious. He turned and shouted, “I have been putting in my best since I arrived! If my power is still short of that little bit, what can I do? To be able to put up such resistance, this human’s true treasure is also a pinnacle true treasure that is one of the best. If any of you have something better, why not give it a shot?”

“I’ll do it,” a hostile man with a single-eyed shadow behind him volunteered.

Luo Feng was looking at the outside in a relaxed manner as he thought to himself, They must be kidding if they are thinking of swallowing Star Tower without it putting up any resistance. The other party must be using a supreme true treasure to make that possible! Otherwise, if both were sealing type… is it possible for a pinnacle true treasurer be able to seal his Star Tower?

Sealing failed. Those universe masters would only think of his crimson tower as one of the best pinnacle true treasures. They would not have considered that it might be a supreme true treasure.

Seeing how the universe masters failed one after another, Luo Feng did not dare to lose vigilance. He was afraid that these guys were capable of other means on top of sealing.

A dozen great beings from the Divine Eye Clan, Purple Moon Holy Land, and East Emperor Holy Land had gathered here, and everyone was filled with anxiety. Earlier, the seven universe masters who had laid siege to Luo Feng had failed and had gone to the extent of borrowing true treasures from other great beings. Yet none had succeeded, even by force.

“This human has too many valuables. His armor is a treasure, and this tower true treasure, I think, is one of the best pinnacle true treasures that are hard to come by. To swallow it, I think only a supreme true treasure could achieve that.”

“True.”

“That’s right.”

“Seems like we have to turn to a universe supreme master for help.”

“Right. Only a universe supreme master would have the means to.”

“Divine Eye Clan, out of the three of us, only your clan has universe supreme masters present here.”

“We will all be looking to you to complete the task.”

Everyone was frowning, even Deer Bug Master, Shadow Dust Master, and Sorcerer Sprite Master had noticed everything that was happening.

Shadow Dust Master sent the news to Second and Seventh True Masters of Divine Eye Clan via voice transmission. Out of the various great beings, there were certainly a handful whose powers transcend them all. “True Masters, we are at our wits’ end. I think only True Masters’ intervention will be able to deal with Luo Feng.”

This time around, the representatives from the Divine Eye Clan included, other than universe masters, Second True Master and Seventh True Master, who decided to join in the game. However, since the moment they had arrived, they had been silently comprehending the Rhinoceros Emperor Game without intervening in this matter. Right then, the universe masters were no longer able to find ways to deal with Luo Feng. These two true masters were their only hope, now.

“Shadow Dust, Sorcerer Sprite, we have just arrived,” Second True Master explained via voice transmission. “However, Duan Dong River has already set the rules which forbade us to attack any other candidates. We either don’t attack at all, or we meet our doom.”

“Ah!” Shadow Witch Couple were shocked to learn of this.

At the same time, Second True Master also transmitted this news to notify the other universe masters of the top three strongest groups of powers.

“What should we do now? Do we really watch helplessly while Luo Feng receives the inheritance?” Deer Bug Master replied via voice transmission.

East Emperor Holy Land and Purple Moon Holy Land were adding to the pressure and urging on the side.

Second and Seventh True Masters looked at one another. As their gazes met, they quickly came to a decision.

“I have a palace supreme true treasure, Ice Cliff Fortress, that has the ability to seal.” Seventh True Master gritted his teeth as he transmitted this information. “However, this supreme true treasure recognizes its master and has very stringent requirements on willpower. If a universe master were to use it… this universe master must have the willpower of a universe supreme master. All of you from the Two Holy Lands, your universe masters have lived through countless years. There are a few who have willpower that matches that of universe supreme masters. You just have to nominate one of these few and let him interact with the supreme true treasure to get it to recognize him. Then this universe master will be able to use Ice Cliff Fortress to seal Luo Feng.”

“Then who shall it be?”

Purple Moon Holy Land and East Emperor Holy Land took some time to ponder this question because the great being to be sent as a representative would face a high chance of annihilation.

“Humph. The Divine Eye Clan has provided our supreme true treasure. How could it be fair to ask us to send one of us out there?” Seventh True Master transmitted his question angrily. He was also very anxious. If not, he would not have been willing to put his supreme true treasure out in the open. And he was also prepared for the moment when Luo Feng was sealed; he would seize back his supreme true treasure to prevent Duan Dong River from taking it away from him.

“All right, East Emperor Holy Land will go.”

Soon, one universe master stepped out from the crowd.

“Very well,” Seventh True Master transmitted his order. “With a supreme true treasure, unless that human Milky Way also has a supreme true treasure, there will be no escape for him!”


Chapter 1230: Clenching One’s Teeth

It was Huang Ke Master who came forward. He was from Eastern Emperor Holy Land. He had multiple bodies, and others had discovered that his comprehension abilities were inferior, so he would have loved to come forward and make some contributions to the race.

“Seventh True Master, that Ice Cliff Fortress…” Huang Ke Master stood aside and waited for Seventh True Master to take the supreme true treasure out.

All the other universe masters were looking at him.

“Haha, do you really think I’m foolish enough to just give it out like that?” Seventh True Master glanced at Huang Ke Master and smirked. “After all, it’s a supreme true treasure. If you take it and refuse to return it in the future, what can I do? I have a suggestion… You give us a supreme true treasure or some pinnacle true treasures. After we finish dealing with that human Milky Way, we’ll give each other’s true treasures back.”

“Humph! What if that supreme true treasure is taken by Duan Dong River?” Huang Ke Master said coldly.

Seventh True Master shook his head and transmitted his voice. “Those pinnacle true treasures are useless to me. A supreme true treasure at risk of being taken by Duan Dong River is worth all those pinnacle true treasures. Besides, we might be killed because of this inheritance—especially us universe supreme masters. We don’t have multiple bodies, so if we’re killed, we’ll be dead forever. Do you really think I’ll take it?” He sneered. “This Ice Cliff Fortress of mine is very valuable. It’s up to you. I’ll ask for supreme true treasures directly if you’re not sincere.”

There were over ten universe masters from Eastern Emperor Holy Land, and they were all elites within Eastern Emperor Holy Land. Two of them had supreme true treasures! As for the universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land, two of them had supreme true treasures as well. Seventh True Master might lose a supreme true treasure, so Eastern Emperor Holy Land didn’t want to risk it.

The Divine Eye Clan and Eastern Emperor Holy Land made the deal immediately.

“Okay, let’s do it!”

“We agree.”

The Divine Eye Clan selected eight top-tier pinnacle true treasures, three of which could rival Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor.

“This is Ice Cliff Fortress,” Seventh True Master said.

He waved his hands. An iceberg appeared in the sky, and there was an exquisite fortress beside the iceberg. The transparent, breathtaking iceberg could have been qualified as a piece of art.

Huang Ke Master’s eyes were gleaming. He tried to make the true treasure recognize him as its master

Star Tower was still standing in the hallway.

Inside the control room, Luo Feng observed the outside carefully. However, the great beings outside were all using their godly power to transmit their voices, so he couldn’t discern their plan. When he saw them all take out true treasures—especially when he saw Seventh True Master take out Ice Cliff Fortress—Luo Feng immediately realized their plan.

“Ice Cliff Fortress? The famous supreme true treasure that belongs to Seventh True Master?” Luo Feng felt intimidated. “It seems they want to use a sealing palace type true treasure to take my Star Tower.”

Supreme true treasures versus supreme true treasures; it was difficult to speculate which one was more powerful.

Star Tower is extremely powerful, thought Luo Feng. Nobody in the original universe was able to take it. However, that’s only in the original universe… Star Tower hasn’t competed with Ice Cliff Fortress yet. If he takes it from me, I’m doomed. If he can’t take it from me, I’ll be okay, but Star Tower will be exposed! Because if even Ice Cliff Fortress can’t take it, they’ll all know that this bloody tower is a supreme true treasure.

Thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind. “What should I do? What should I do?”

Luo Feng frowned and kept contemplating. Either case was bad for him. He gazed outside and thought hard about it.

“Hmm…” Luo Feng noticed the crystal and stone pillars. His eyes gleamed. “Okay, I’ll try that.”

Just when Huang Ke Master was trying to make Ice Cliff Fortress recognize him as its master, the bloody tower flew over above a crystal pillar while the base of the tower sunk. It immediately became much taller, and it hit the top of the hallway. The crystal pillar was inlaid into the base.

“Haha! Do you really think that’s going to help?” Huang Ke Master laughed with Ice Cliff Fortress in his hand.

He threw Ice Cliff Fortress and used his godly power to drive it. Suddenly, Ice Cliff Fortress started to float and turned to face the bloody tower.

Hong!

Ice Cliff Fortress immediately had an incredible absorbing power on Star Tower and made the bloody tower shake. It seemed to work, but it didn’t.

“How is it possible?” Huang Ke Master was horrified and furious. He glanced at Seventh True Master.

“Impossible. Unless it’s a supreme true treasure.”

“No.”

A man from the Divine Eye Clan frowned and said, “It’s not a supreme true treasure! Rather, that human Milky Way just moved his true treasure and merged it with the crystal pillar. That crystal pillar was left by Duan Dong River. It’s connected to Boat of Mausoleum. If we want to seal that human, we will have to break that crystal pillar.”

“Ah!”

“This has never happened.”

“How is it possible?”

Everyone was dazed.

Luo Feng sat in the control room, smiling.

Star Tower was a sealing type true treasure, which was why the base could be cracked and had the power to absorb everything. With the help of Blood Cloud Pearl, its shape could be altered. At this moment, the base of Star Tower was stuck tightly to the crystal pillar. Even if Star Tower wasn’t a supreme true treasure, it would have to be separated from the crystal pillar before it could be taken away.

If the base of Star Tower or the crystal pillar was broken, they could be taken altogether. However, apparently, the stone pillars and crystal pillars left by Duan Dong River were invincible.

“This rarely happens,” Luo Feng whispered. “When other great beings are being absorbed, their only choices are to use their burning godly power to resist or to hide in their palaces. There are rarely objects that can’t be moved by supreme true treasures—even in the three Lands of Extremis.”

In the three Lands of Extremis, there were many environments— lava, winds, and lakes—and there were no objects available to be used to protect oneself. It was like an ordinary person holding a tree during a tornado; when the tree broke or the human let go, he would be blown away.

Some supreme beings were so powerful they didn’t have anything to hold on to! Even in the three Lands of Extremis, there were a few objects that even universe supreme masters couldn’t break. Boat of Mausoleum and black-striped stone pillars were exceptions.

As for the natural objects in Tilted Peak Sector and Flowing Countless Mountain, they could be easily broken. Which was why there were few objects that could be clung to by great beings.

However, Luo Feng was in Boat of Mausoleum, where even the ordinary ground could resist the attacks from universe supreme masters! As for the stone pillars and crystal pillars, those were used for inheritance, so they were unbreakable.

Boat of Mausoleum was an exception, and great beings just tried to use a seal palace type true treasure to absorb Luo Feng, so they immediately understood the mysteries behind this.

“Damn it.”

“What a lucky guy.”

“Even though supreme true treasures are powerful, they can’t just break that crystal pillars, not to mention crack a pinnacle true treasure. We can’t do anything now.”

“Ah, that crystal pillar the human Milky Way clung to is the crystal pillar he’s using himself! Even if he stays there forever, he can still study the Rhinoceros Emperor Game!”

All the great beings had already figured out the mysteries. They were all furious, yet they couldn’t do anything about it.

“Ah!”

“We can’t just kill him.”

“Huang Ke Master, give Ice Cliff Fortress back to me,” said Seventh True Master.

Huang Ke Master was hesitant at first. He made eye contact with other great beings, and he gave back the true treasures anyway.

The three powers were all upset.

“We can only use the simplest way now.”

“Attack it!”

“Material attack, soul attack! It’s only a pinnacle palace type true treasure. It might defend itself against material attacks well, but it’ll be less efficient against soul attacks. I don’t think he can still study Rhinoceros Emperor Game when his soul is affected! We can even kill his soul!”

“Okay.”

“Let’s attack him together.”

The seven universe masters started to attack Luo Feng again. However, Luo Feng was sitting in Star Tower and not being affected by the attacks.

“Ah!”

“Soul attacks can’t penetrate it even a little bit. His palace type true treasure is very special. It must be made of some special material. Godly power can’t penetrate it at all.”

The seven universe masters immediately figured it out. Some materials could indeed block godly power—such as Force Armor, which could weaken all sorts of soul attacks to 1/10th. Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor could weaken soul attacks to 1/100th. As for Boat of Mausoleum, it could completely block a soul attack.

Star Tower was a supreme true treasure. If it was put inside someone’s body, it could guard the soul. Outside, it could easily resist all sorts of soul attacks. As for material attacks, some shockwaves passed inside, as no supreme true treasures could perfectly block shockwaves. However, with the protection of a supreme true treasure, material attacks couldn’t break valuables.

“That true treasure can completely block soul attacks!”

“What a true treasure. Second only to a supreme true treasure!”

“Damn it!”

“Then we’ll use material attacks!”

“It’s only a top-tier pinnacle true treasure. Under the shockwaves, he won’t be able to study the game.”

The seven universe masters could only hit that Star Tower again and again, like a blacksmith hitting the iron repeatedly, making Star Tower shake.

Of course, the shaking was fake; those attacks were nothing to Star Tower.


Chapter 1231: Teacher Origin and Duan Dong River

“Hit all you want, hit all you want.” Luo Feng was seated comfortably in the control room, watching at ease as the seven universe masters attacked like crazy from the outside. However, the supreme true treasure Star Tower was simply too powerful. It could reduce the impact of their attacks to such a negligible degree that Luo Feng’s godly power hardly felt anything. With Luo Feng’s power, it was possible for him to be free from distraction.

“There is no need for me to go out at all,” he said. “I can use my godly power to penetrate into that crystal pillar to continue with my practice of the Rhinoceros Emperor Game.” Luo Feng smiled. “I do not even need to extend the use of my godly power into studying the endgames!”

In the virtual universe, on a lone individual surface, fog shrouding the surroundings, and there were numerous stone pillars with three-dimensional virtual shadows. On the left row were 123 stone pillars, and on the right were 10,080 stone pillars.

Luo Feng appeared out of thin air, and parked himself within the stone pillars, and could not help feeling pleased. “This Rhinoceros Emperor Game. To complete decoding the entire game and 10,080 endgames, I will have to simulate it all the way in the virtual universe. I can immerse myself in comprehending without worrying about how the three groups of powers were torturing themselves out there. I have nothing to do with them.”

Decoding the Rhinoceros Emperor Game and all its endgames was not a situation that had been within Luo Feng’s control prior to being besieged. Rather, after Primal Chaos City Leader and Huge Axe Creator learned about the Rhinoceros Emperor Game, they had immediately asked Luo Feng to send a simulation of it back to the virtual universe. Obviously, Primal Chaos City Leader, Huge Axe, and the other great beings of the human race were very curious about the game.

Thye Rhinoceros Emperor Game had been the most popular game in the days of the ancient great civilization, and it also provided supplementary help for cultivation. How could Huge Axe and Primal Chaos City Leader not be intrigued?

This was why Luo Feng had to simulate the game all the way to the virtual universe. So long as he was able to simulate one version, relying on the power of the virtual universe, more copies could be made so that every universe master of the human race could study the game.

“The Rhinoceros Emperor Game is simply too mysterious,” mused Luo Feng. “I need to continue studying it.”

His consciousness was in the virtual universe, as it was responsible for observing things. The real studying of the game took place in Huge Axe Creator’s miniature universe.

Time passed like flowing water. In the Universe Boat, at the cabin doors of the Boat of Mausoleum…

“Purple Moon Holy Land and East Emperor Holy Land, the both of you do not need to worry about any impending doomsday. Why do you want to vie for the inheritance too? Just the two of you? Do you think you are enough to stop all of us from the first reincarnation era? Besides, it is not just us from the first reincarnation era. I believe the other two reincarnation eras have plans to enter, too.”

“You two old fellows, scram!”

“Get lost!”

“How dare you sever all hope for my race. I shall not worry whether you are from a holy land or not. Everyone, let’s join forces and attack!”

The situation at the cabin doors was already a state of frenzied killing. The first reincarnation era, who facing an impending doomsday, would no longer be mindful of whether their opponents were from a holy land or not; they were about to meet their doomsday, yet the universe supreme masters from the two holy lands had dared to join forces in blocking the entrance of the cabin doors. Were these great beings from holy lands tired of living?

At that instant, the two universe supreme masters, together with the dozens of universe masters, joined forces in a crazy exchange of attacks. Only universe supreme masters of the two holy lands had supreme true treasures, but they could not seem to use them to attack all at one time.

“You may be able to hinder us this time, but how long can you keep up with the obstruction?”

“When the other groups of powers arrive, you all will not be able to resist any further.”

“Detestable! Loathsome!”

“You idiotic holy land.”

“You deserve to die.”

Great beings from the other groups of powers from the first reincarnation era were getting growing furious because they were blocked and stuck outside. The Divine Eye Clan was merely one of the many groups of powers from the first reincarnation era. One to one, the holy land universes were indeed very powerful. But when compared to an entire reincarnation era—even the weakest primal universe era—both holy lands had to join forces to be comparable in power.

Within the first reincarnation era, universe supreme masters alone numbered in the dozens ! In terms of power, even if the two holy land universes were combined to obtain doubled power, they were still far from that of the first reincarnation era. Not to mention that this time, it was all about the third reincarnation era.

…

The two old fellows from Purple Moon Holy Land and East Emperor Holy Land forcibly blocked the entrance for more than a year, thereafter, the seven universe supreme masters brought their teams of universe masters and mightily forced their way in. These seven universe masters were fast and assisted the two holy lands in continuing to block off oncoming great beings. This time round, only half a year passed but the last batch of twenty odd universe supreme masters who had led a large army of universe masters, universe knights and a sea of undying godly spirits, had charged their way in…

Mightily, they charged their way in.

Duan Dong River’s selection process this time round was obviously much more aggressive, if the selection process during Luo Feng’s batch had eliminated fifty percent of the turnout, then because the number of candidates turning up later was simply overwhelming… the elimination rate of universe masters and universe knights thereafter increased from fifty per cent to eighty percent! And the elimination rate of undying godly spirits reached a new high of ninety-nine percent…

Within the life and death corridor of the Boat of Mausoleum, elite great beings from the three reincarnation eras and the two holy lands gathered.

From Purple Moon Holy Land, there were eleven universe masters.

From East Emperor Holy Land, there were fourteen universe masters.

From the entire first reincarnation era, there was a total of six universe supreme masters and 126 universe masters.

From the entire second reincarnation era, there was one universe supreme master and 32 universe masters

From the primal universe era, there was 21 universe masters.

Judging form the number of great beings, one could tell… the determination of the first reincarnation era! Almost every group of power had sent their elites, yet before the number and power of the first reincarnation era, groups of powers such as those from the two holy lands could only lower their heads and stand aside as they no longer had any advantages to speak of. The reason why the number of universe supreme masters was not considered many…

More of it was because of the two holy lands.

The two holy lands had arranged for universe masters, universe knights and undyings to be sent over, but they did not send any universe supreme beings in. The three reincarnation eras saw the arrangements and understood right away. In terms of inside information, in terms of number of secrets known, the three reincarnation eras would never be able to hold a candle against the two holy land universes. Since long ago, the two holy land universes had always been aloof and detached, yet this time, they had sent in quite a sizable army of universe masters, making it very apparent that the inheritance this time round, was indeed, very important.

Next important point to take note was that the holy land universes did not deploy any universe supreme masters, which most probably meant that… even if universe supreme masters were to go in, they would not serve much purpose.

Therefore, other than the two universe supreme masters from Divine Eye Clan who had initially charged their way through, the groups of powers were no longer as reckless as before. It was only the first reincarnation era who felt compelled to send six universe supreme masters as they were a little crazy in the face of their impending Doomsday. The second reincarnation era merely sent one, which was also a lone wanderer. The primal universe simply kept its universe supreme masters away from deployment.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

Around a dozen universe masters were waving their close-range killing true treasures and roaring without inhibitions as they attacked the crimson tower, loud roars sounded time and again, causing the entire life and death corridor to tremble as a result.

“What is going on, who are the lord universe masters attacking?”

“That tower that is under attack belongs to a human from the primal universe —— Milky Way horde leader! It is said that the most possible candidate to receive the inheritance is Milky Way horde leader, that’s why everyone is trying their best to influence and affect him when he is in the process of comprehending the game.” The undying godly spirits were sending messages to one another secretly via voice transmissions as there were simply too many undying godly spirits present.

Just like the first reincarnation era, almost every other group of power had brought millions of undyings! Even Divine Eye Clan sent over a second batch of undying godly spirits!

This resulted in the number of candidates, who were undying godly souls from the three reincarnation eras and the two holy lands, to still be close to a hundred thousand even after the selection process! The total number of universe knights was close to three thousand! The number of universe masters was close to two hundred! At that moment, this was the situation within the life and death corridor.

“Human form Milky Way, what makes you think you can accept that inheritance?”

“Attack.”

“This bastard.”

The various groups of powers had their great beings occasionally attacking, making it seemed as though Luo Feng was their punching bag. Regardless of whoever or whenever, anyone could attack him as and when they pleased!

…

Within Star Tower, Luo Feng opened his eyes and snorted as he took one look at the outside situation, “Make all the noise you want, make as many complains as you wish, when I receive the inheritance, you all will receive the greatest shock of your lives. However… it seems like Duan Dong River is bent on choosing a good heir this time, he has gotten so many candidates to step forward to vie for the inheritance, even my Hong Alliance also sent in so many representatives.”

This time round, the weakest group of power, was none other than primal universe era, furthermore, the number of great beings being sent over was few to start with, therefore, the various groups had to act with concerted efforts.

Human race, bugs clan, demon clan, automaton race, crystal clan, prison race, Space Beast Alliance, Ancestral God School… various groups of powers from the primal universe had combined efforts, sending a large army of great beings, with the number of undying godly spirits exceeding one hundred thousand… and all of these charged over with murderous intentions, and all of them were great beings that had passed the selection.

Those who made it into the Rhinoceros Emperor Game was a much smaller number. Among them, Hong Alliance had one universe master ‘Peng Gong Master’, nine universe knights and 102 undyings.

“How pitiful.”

“Milky Way horde leader has become a common enemy that everyone targets to kill.”

“What a pity, we are also at our wits end.”

21 universe masters from the primal universe had gathered; Peng Gong Master saw how the other reincarnation eras and two holy lands were attacking Luo Feng, and he was so mad that his expression changed into an unpleasant sight. Yet, he was helpless. As for the others like bugs clan, demon clan and prison clan, who might have showed empathy on the surface, might most probably be secretly gloating over Luo Feng’s predicament, they would not have wished for the human race to become stronger!

Regardless of how the outside world was turned upside down, Luo Feng was still quietly studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game.

Time was like flowing water, and the years flew by.

In a blink of the eye, close to 500 years had passed. Originally, everyone had thought the time required to complete the test of this Rhinoceros Emperor Game would not be that long, yet the fact had proven otherwise, and elites from the three reincarnation eras and the two holy lands truly felt the difficulty of the Rhinoceros Emperor Game.

“The 999th stage is successfully decoded.”

In the space of an individual plane surface within the virtual universe.

Luo Feng stood before the three-dimensional virtual shadow of the 1000th endgame and studied it thoroughly… Close to 500 years… endgame after endgame had been decoded, yet the time that Luo Feng spend on decoding these endgames was continuously increasing, he was getting slower and slower, and had to spend close to 500 years to perfectly decode the full 999th stage.

“The 1000th stage…”

“How difficult!”

Luo Feng had a feeling, this first 1000 stages, would most probably be a bottleneck.

…

“Luo Feng.”

In the virtual universe, while Luo Feng was observing the three-dimensional virtual shadow of that 1000th endgame, a man in white robe stood a short distance away and watched him. This man in white robe had eyes like jade stones, which vaguely seemed to contain all the secrets within the universe, there was a faint smile on his face, and he was very at ease and relaxed, as though he was on an outing.

“Luo Feng has proven himself once again.” The man in white robe was observing from afar, and even though Luo Feng could see far into the distance in this direction, it was as though the man in white robe was invisible to him.

Within the virtual universe, not even Huge Axe Creator could do this.

Only the creator of the virtual universe —— Teacher Origin! Only Teacher Origin could achieve this… to be before Luo Feng, and yet Luo Feng could feel nothing.

“Such a short cultivation, but extremely strong willpower.” The man in white robe soft sung praises of Luo Feng, “Has chosen to take the path of studying diagrams of secret engravings… it may be possible that studying the diagrams of secret engravings is similar to studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game, if not, it will not be possible that even Huge Axe’s speed can be so far from his.”

The great beings within the human race were also studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game through the virtual universe.

Teacher Origin…

Would certainly know the progress of each and every one.

He was shocked to discover that Luo Feng’s speed of comprehension far surpassed any of the other universe masters, even Huge Axe could not hold a candle to Luo Feng…

“Judging from the inheritance.”

“Undyings, knights, universe masters, universe supreme masters… the four levels have very different foundations of their own, speeds of comprehension are fundamentally different. I suppose the requirements for each level during the selection test will also differ.” The man in white robe gently nodded, “Luo Feng is merely a universe knight, the requirements for him should not be that high, and he himself could comprehend so quickly, no wonder Duan Dong River has set eyes on him.”

“Studying the diagrams of secret engravings…”

The man in white robe shook his head and mused, “Rhinoceros Emperor Game? Interesting!”

“Huge Axe is obviously not as outstanding in his ability to deduce because he is too foolishly rigid, placing all his affections on his axe!” The man in white robe shook his head, Otherwise, given his foundation of a universe supreme master, his speed of comprehension would not lose to Luo Feng.”

“The Rhinoceros Game is indeed very interesting.”

The man in white robe walked to stand beside Luo Feng, and Luo Feng who was seated cross-legged, was not the least bit aware.

“If I were merely a universe knight, I think I won’t ever be able to match up to Luo Feng.” The man in white robe shook his head.

He himself had an extremely solid foundation.

In terms of ability, even Huge Axe was far from being his equal; after being eternally suppressed for endless time, he grew even stronger and complete; but that was because he could do nothing else when being eternally suppressed.

“This first 2000 stages, how should I decode them?” The man in white robe walked over to the three-dimensional virtual shadow of the 2000th stage with a slight frown. He was a genius gifted with talents, and his talents were all so superior that they were unbelievable; as the virtual universe needed to meet the demands of countless living souls on a daily basis, with respect to deducing secret techniques, he was much more formidable and skillful than any other great beings.

“Rhinoceros Emperor?”

“What kind of an existence this was, to be able to create such an unbelievable object.” The man in white robe was beside Luo Feng as he stood silently to comprehend as thoroughly as he could. The time velocity in his surroundings was maintained at ten thousand times.

As the creator of the virtual universe, he certainly had the ability to bring the rate of light velocity to reach as high as ten thousand times within that extremely small area.

Luo Feng and Teacher Origin were side by side…

Yet Luo Feng was completely unaware of the existence of Teacher Origin who was right beside him.

In the Boat of Mausoleum, within the life and death corridor, there were thousands of stone pillars with numerous three-dimensional virtual shadows; there was also a tremendous amount of crystal pillars, and every crystal pillar corresponded to one candidate.

The various great beings were comprehending in silence.

Of course, there were a few dozens of universe masters who were attacking that crimson tower, trying to disrupt Luo Feng as he cultivated. Actually, with the passing of time… Luo Feng and the batch of great beings who entered with him might have entered a year or two earlier, but because they had been constantly comprehending the Rhinoceros Emperor Game for more than 500 years, there really was not much of an advantage to speak of any further, and they did not feel that Luo Feng had that much hope, it was just to keep the attacks on him going on… normally, universe masters who got tired of comprehending who start attacking Luo Feng.

“Ding! Dong!”

Sounds as such could always be heard, as though the sounds came from the hearts of every great being;

“Mm?”

“What is happening?”

“Duan Dong River.”

“Look, it’s Duan Dong River.”

Right there, from universe supreme masters to undying godly sprits, close to a hundred thousand candidates looked up into mid-air where light rays converged into a lone figure, giving form to a green-haired man called Duan Dong River. He looked down and his eyes rested on that crimson tower as his voice sounded, “Candidates… Human form Milky Way has achieved the decoding requirements.”

“Ah.”

“What.”

“That human form Milky Way horde leader has met the demands?” Everyone was shocked. Right from the very beginning, if they had seen Luo Feng as a great threat, yet upon comprehending for more than 500 years, they all had shaken off the notion that Luo Feng was a great threat, because they did not believe that out of the countless great beings who joined in later, there was no one who could catch up with Luo Feng’s progress.

“Silence.” Duan Dong River’s gaze swept everyone present.

Silence.

Duan Dong River looked towards the crimson tower.

Milky Way, get out here.” Duan Dong River ordered/

Shua, the crimson tower disappeared, donning a silver armor, black-haired Luo Feng stood where the tower was previously, and with a slight bow, he greeted, “My greetings, Lord Duan Dong River.”

“That is human form Milky Way horde leader.”

“Milky Way horde leader?” Those undying godly spirits’ eyes widened as they looked afar, at that dazzling figure before them.

…

Luo Feng was aware why Duan Dong River had appeared; not too long ago, he had completed decoding of the first 1000 stages, and the reasons to why he could be the first to succeed… firstly, because he was, indeed, very adept in comprehending, secondly, it might most probably be because he was a universe knight, so he was guessing that there were different expectations of great beings of different level of powers.

“Milky Way.” Duan Dong River looked down at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng kept his body inclined in a slight bow, paying no heed to the great beings from the various groups of powers around him, who were all filled with envy and jealousy.

“You may have satisfied the requirements, but this test still takes a long time, continue comprehending.” Duan Dong River ordered, “As you comprehend and decode more games, the more beneficial it will be for you in accepting the inheritance in future.”

“Noted.” Luo Feng replied.

“Just focus on comprehending at ease, no one can hurt you.” Duan Dong River pointed into the distance.

Hua!

Beside Luo Feng, that crystal pillar suddenly released a hazy half-sphere of light shadows that resembled a gigantic hazy palace, and right away, it moved over to envelop Luo Feng. The entire light shadow palace was a picture of gold, on its surface were countless secret engravings in disarray, and just the power that the palace faintly exuded, was strong enough to send shivers into the hearts of all the great beings present.

“Whoever dares to attack human form Milky Way…” Duan Dong River’s gaze swept every single being present, “shall be eliminated and annihilated without delay.”


Chapter 1232: If Not Me, Then Who?

Exterminate!

The moment Duan Dong River gave this order, all the great beings from the three reincarnation eras and Two Holy Lands gathered in the life and death corridor felt a tremble in their hearts. Other than the Hong Alliance, all the other great beings felt an upsurge of anxiety, rage, reluctance, and many other emotions. Long years spent studying had brought them to a belief that the mere additional one to two years of studying was not much of an advantage. Thus, Luo Feng would not constitute much of a threat.

What they had not expected was that the first to reach the basic requirement would be Luo Feng!

The great beings were all full of rage and anxiety.

“Big trouble.”

“This is a terrible situation.”

“That loathsome human! Detestable. Teacher Origin has ordered us to seize that inheritance at all cost.”

The universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land were transmitting voices to one another, And Deer Bug Master wore a deep frown as he transmitted his voice, saying, “I am at my wit’s end. From the very beginning, Duan Dong River has favored Luo Feng, and now, Luo Feng is the first to reach the requirements of Rhinoceros Emperor Game; the fast will only get faster. If this continues, he will be in an even more advantageous position! By that time, no matter how eager we are to obtain that inheritance, our chances will be greatly reduced…”

“Deer Bug Master, how about we kill Luo Feng?”

“Yes, Deer Bug Master, we shall kill him.”

“Even if we were to be annihilated by Duan Dong River… we must also kill Luo Feng and destroy the slightest chance that he and the human race have.”

Deer Bug Master had another take on the matter. “No rush,” he said. “Regarding this matter, we are not the only anxious ones. East Emperor Holy Land is equally uptight about it. The most anxious ones, though, are from the first reincarnation era. With their doomsday drawing near… if Luo Feng manages to seize this inheritance, that would be the same as destroying their chance of transcending their first reincarnation era. They will act to prevent him from succeeding! Besides, from how I see it, breaking open that shadow palace is no easy feat.”

All groups of top powers were secretly transmitting while pondering their best course of action.

Duan Dong River showed indifference as he looked down at them, continuing to say, “The human, Milky Way, is now under the guardianship of my secret technique. No matter how you all attack, it will be impossible to break down the protection to hurt him. So it is better not to court your own doom! Comprehending Rhinoceros Emperor game is a long process. Continue to work hard. The more stages you comprehend, the greater your chance of receiving the inheritance. If anyone can decode up to the 6,000the stage… you can receive the inheritance from a pulse on my Duan Dong River right away!”

Duan Dong River scanned everyone beneath him.

Everyone seemed peaceful. This requirement of passing the 6,000th stage was one that Duan Dong River would repeat for every batch of candidates. Newcomers were very passionate when they first arrived, but as they started to comprehend, they realized that the difficulty level of comprehending 6,000 stages was unbelievably difficult; one could only dream.

“6,000 stages?” Second True Master sighed. “How difficult would that be? I have only comprehended up to the 1,005th stage, now. Seventh True Master is still stuck at the bottleneck of the 1,000th stage. Every 1,000 stages is a great leap in level of profundity. This 1,001st to the 2,000th stage would be even more difficult to understand. I don’t know what the lowest baseline is. I have comprehended up to the 1,005th stage, which is already the highest among all of my Divine Eye Clan but still not enough to meet Duan Dong River’s baseline requirement. Yet, Luo Feng has met that demand. Could it be that Luo Feng has comprehended more than I have? Or are the demands different for universe masters and universe supreme masters?”

Duan Dong River looked towards Luo Feng and said, “Human Milky Way, the number of stages you have decoded so far has barely reached my baseline requirement. Continue working harder! The more you decode, the better it will be for you…”

“Yes, Lord Duan Dong River.” Luo Feng gave a slight bow.

Duan Dong River nodded.

Hua!

Then he vanished right away. Thereafter, there was an uproar within the entire life and death corridor. Everyone started to discuss the situation.

Luo Feng surveyed his surroundings and saw quite a few great beings throwing looks of resentment, enmity, murderous intentions, and the like in his direction. He could not hold back a grin as he said, “Want to kill me? Come on, I will not retaliate! Just like before, I will let you all attack within fighting back at all.”

“Detestable.”

“What arrogance.”

“Bastard.”

Quite a few great beings from the top powers gritted their teeth out of a sense of helplessness. Previously, they still dared to attack, but now… Duan Dong River had made it clear that the moment they attacked, they would be eliminated and then exterminated! Moreover, Duan Dong River had vowed solemnly that, under the guardianship of that shadow, no great being present would be able to break through it.

“Haha…” Luo Feng laughed as his gaze swept over every universe master that had attacked him before. The provocation in his eyes was blatant.

This made the universe masters even more furious. But they knew that Luo Feng was doing all this intentionally. If they really did attack, they would be falling into his trap.

“Previously, they attacked me so brazenly. Now, they are scared.” Luo Feng shook his head. Being under the watchful eyes of close to 10,000 life forms of various clans from the three great reincarnation eras and the two Holy Lands… He sighed. “How ridiculous this is. My time is too precious to waste it on all you. I am going to continue comprehending. This inheritance, I am determined to make it mine.” With that, Luo Feng sat down cross-legged and resumed his silent comprehension.

The hazy golden shadow palace enshrouded Luo Feng as though it were a gigantic canopy.

The great beings from various clans, especially the ones from the first reincarnation era and the Two Holy Lands, had moved nearer to the shadow palace to feel it more thoroughly, and they all felt an aura that made them tremble in fright! Unquestionably, this guardianship by a secret technique was so terrifying that universe masters who had yet to act had already lost all confidence.

They were all anxious and furious, but there was nothing they could do. This made them hate Luo Feng even more!

“Depriving our clan of the chance of transcending reincarnation! Detestable!”

“You should go and die.”

One by one, their eyes glared at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng swept his surroundings and grinned and closed his eyes. He could not be bothered with them.

He had become a target of public criticism—nothing new to him!

Since Duan Dong River’s outright display of special attention toward Luo Feng, groups of top powers had been surrounding him with attacks… Since things had already gotten ugly, there would be no need to bother himself with them. The real opportunity was right before him. He had to march fearlessly onward without flinching! There was no need to bother so much…

This inheritance will belong to no one else but me, Luo Feng! Are you all angry? Threatening me? Threaten as you please. I, Luo Feng, fear you not! I shall do my very best to comprehend this Rhinoceros Emperor Game as fast as I can. Then I will get ahold of the inheritance this time!

In the virtual universe, shrouded by a winding haze, stood many stone pillars with three-dimensional virtual shadows.

Luo Feng stood before the three-dimensional virtual shadow on the 1,001st endgame, pondering. Not too far from him, a man dressed in a white robe was looking at the 2,001st endgame.

“Luo Feng.”

“Luo Feng. Hahaha.”

“Such great news, yet you did not tell us.”

Suddenly, a few figures appeared from not too far away. It was Huge Axe Creator and Primal Chaos City Leader, the leaders of great beings from the human race. There were also Darkness Master, Ice Mountain Master, Remote Lord Master, and Long Yan Master. All of them wore happy expressions.

Luo Feng stood up to welcome them.

“We just heard.” Huge Axe Creator was laughing heartily, and his voice was gleeful. “You actually met Duan Dong River’s expectations! You are the first to achieve this! It is always said that ‘the fast get faster.’ With the passage of time, you will get to an even more advantageous position. You are the most hopeful candidate for the inheritance this time. You should not bother with anything else. Do not fret about the threats from the other groups of powers; at most, we humans can just remain in the primal universe. Haha… With this inheritance, it will be possible for the human race to transcend the two holy lands in the future. Even though I have never heard of this, why else would the two holy lands be so fixated over this inheritance?”

“That’s right.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded, too. “Let’s not bother ourselves with the rest. We should focus on seizing that inheritance!”

“Yes, Teacher.” Luo Feng also nodded. With a grin, he said, “There is nothing I can do even if they were to create disturbances now.”

“Good, good, good,” Huge Axe said. “We shall not bother you further. Go on with your comprehending!”

“We are just here to congratulate you.” Darkness Master also gave him a rare smile. “This is humanity’s greatest opportunity. Such an opportunity is hard to come by—probably one in several hundreds and thousands of reincarnation eras. It would be a sin to let it pass through our fingers.”

“We shall pin our hopes on you!” Remote Lord Master shouted.

Ice Mountain Master, who stood to the side, also gave words of encouragement.

The group of great beings was talking to Luo Feng… Yet all of them, including Luo Feng, were oblivious to the presence of a man in a white robe, standing a short distance away, watching them in silence.

The man in white robe gently shook his head with a sigh. “They have to fight on for all of humanity, which depended on them for everything, and I could only watch on helplessly.”

For countless years, he had observed how humanity had met with various dangers, but there was nothing he could do because he was eternally suppressed. There was no way out for him.

And because of this, he—Teacher Origin—might have gone to various places and even attended the human race’s conferences or the Hong Alliance’s conferences. Yet not a single being knew he was there!

The virtual universe… He was its owner. In the virtual universe, he was omnipotent.

“Luo Feng, continue to do your best,” the man in white robe whispered.

No matter how powerful he was, the fight against the primal universe origin had left him with many afterthoughts; the time that had gone by since he had been eternally suppressed had made him stronger and more powerful. Now, he was even fully confident of being able to break through a reincarnation era. Yet all was too late. Being eternally suppressed, there was nothing more he could do.

“Primal universe, I am not ready to bow my retreat yet. Never! So long as there is a trace of a chance, I will fight to the very end!”

A fearsome glint flashed through his eyes as the man in the white robe redirected his attention to studying and comprehending the Rhinoceros Emperor Game in silence.

As time passed, things got peaceful and quiet within the life and death corridor of the Boat of Mausoleum. Every group of power gathered to study the Rhinoceros Emperor Game.

Since Luo Feng had met Duan Dong River’s expectations, naturally, he was more at ease.

He had decided to change his method of comprehending.

For the past 500 years, he had been comprehending diligently, yet the more he studied, the more he realized that the Rhinoceros Emperor Game and secret techniques had a common point. Previously, Luo Feng had been doing all he could to decode the game. Thus, he did not dare to try, but now… Luo Feng had decided that 80 percent of the time, he would spend on studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game, and the remaining 20 percent would be spent on studying the secret technique hidden within the secret space in the ninth abyss.

Secret technique and Rhinoceros Emperor Game were in contrast with one another.

An important thing to know: Traveling from the Ninth Abyss to the space of the black-striped stone pillars would take a few hundred years! From the space of the black-striped stone pillars to Flame Ice Region would also take a few hundred years!

Especially when the time velocity over at the space of the black-striped stone pillars was 3,000 times, which meant that he had already spent an extremely long time studying the diagram of secret engravings and had long finished cultivation of the seventh stage of Beast God path, even to the extent of nearing completion! Luo Feng had paused his cultivation of the Beast God path because he was nearing complete cultivation.

But the moment he completed it, perhaps he would be able to become a universe master!

The pair of white wings that he badly wanted! He needed to be a universe knight to own it!

He needed to receive Duan Dong River’s inheritance! The identity of a universe knight would add to his advantage! As for the laws… Luo Feng had stopped cultivating them.

His achievement in secret techniques had reached the pinnacle level of universe masters where he had created six types of strongest secret techniques. He was near to creating a combination of his strongest secret techniques.

“I will spend 80 percent of my time studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game. I will spend the remaining 20 percent of the time studying secret techniques. Perhaps, when I compare and contrast them both… my speed of comprehension will get much faster. And I can occasionally take some time to continue honing my willpower. Up until today, my willpower is unable to break through the level of a universe supreme master… If my willpower can evolve up to a new level, my studies on secret techniques may get even faster.”


Chapter 1233: Three Thousand Years

All the top great beings in Universe Ocean knew how important that powerful inheritance from the ancient civilization was! They were all looking forward to great beings from their side satisfying the requirements for solving the Rhinoceros Emperor Game.

At this moment, the life-or-death corridor inside Universe Boat in the Boat of Mausoleum in Flame Ice Region was the most important silent battlefield in Universe Ocean! The inheritance of Duan Dong River might be able to decide which power was able to transcend incarnations and become another holy land.

“Luo Feng is only at an advantage temporarily! We still have a chance!”

“That’s right. As long as we can meet the basic requirement in that certain period of time, we’ll have the chance to receive an inheritance.”

“We need to grasp the opportunity.”

“This is an opportunity of a lifetime.”

“We’ll risk our lives for it.”

All the powers had gone mad. They didn’t think of getting the inheritance immediately in a short period of time. It was unrealistic. Instead, they wanted to meet the basic requirements for Rhinoceros to have a chance of getting an inheritance! As long as there was a chance, there was a possibility.

Ding! Dong!

The familiar voice came in the quiet life-or-death corridor again.

“Huh?”

Everyone—including Luo Feng, who was covered by the palace giving out blurry light—looked up. They saw a figure.

“Duan Dong River!”

“Duan Dong River has shown up again.”

Everyone was excited.

Luo Feng looked at the figure, frowning. He had met the requirements already, so Duan Dong River hadn’t shown up for him.

“Blue Blood from Eastern Emperor Holy Land has met the requirements,” Duan Dong River said, looking down at a handsome man from Eastern Emperor Holy Land. There were leaves and vines around his body. He couldn’t help being excited. All the great beings looked at him.

Luo Feng also noticed the great being “Blue Blood” from Eastern Emperor Holy Land. He frowned.

Huh? He—he’s a universe knight? I’m a universe knight, and the second one who met the basic requirements is also a universe knight…

He could tell the power of this universe knight. Within Eastern Emperor Holy Land, universe masters stood in the front, followed by universe knights, while undying fighters were protected, standing at the back. Besides, Blue Blood didn’t have strong godly power. He was only a universe knight with a life gene level of 1,000 times.

“A universe knight?”

“A universe knight meets the requirements after the human Milky Way?”

“There are seven universe supreme masters and almost 200 universe masters here… That Milky Way Horde Leader is a peerless universe master, yet this universe knight is only a mediocre one. Even he succeeded?”

“How so…?”

Everyone was shocked.

Hua!

Duan Dong River pointed to the indistinct figure beside Blue Blood Knight, and the blurry palace covered Blue Blood Knight, too. The palace was golden. It was the same as the one protecting Luo Feng.

“Keep comprehending.” Duan Dong River smiled. “The more you solve the puzzles, the more beneficial it’s going to be for you. Keep comprehending and don’t worry about others… You have my techniques to protect you, so nobody can hurt you. I’ve set the rules already.” Duan Dong River glanced around the great beings present. “Everyone who satisfies the requirements will be protected by me. Anyone who dares to make attacks against them will be eliminated and killed.”

“Blue Blood, keep going,” Duan Dong Master encouraged him.

“Okay, Master Duan Dong,” said Blue Blood Knight.

Hua!

Duan Dong River disappeared.

“A universe knight is taking the lead!” Second True Master was furious. “Did he actually solve the puzzles faster than me?”

“A universe knight is taking the lead!”

Many were infuriated. On the contrary, great beings from Eastern Emperor Holy Land were all excited—especially Blue Blood Knight. He even glanced at Luo Feng. Apparently, he wanted to compete with Luo Feng.

Luo Feng took a look and thought, I’m the first one to meet the requirements. However, I’m only at an advantage by a small margin. Duan Dong River will look at lots of other aspects if he wants to find a candidate. I need to solve more puzzles. According to Duan Dong River, the more puzzles someone solves, the more likely they will get an inheritance.

So much pressure… The human race had placed their hope in him. He was already at an advantage, so he couldn’t let up.

Universe Ocean, Eastern Emperor Holy Land.

“Blue Blood?”

“Blue Blood met the requirements?”

“We sent a large group of universe masters, universe knights, and undying fighters… You Zan should be the one solving the puzzles fastest, as he had solved 1,200 of them, yet he still hasn’t met the requirements. Blue Blood just finished the 1,000th one, but he’s already met the requirements?”

There were hundreds of universe masters and several universe supreme masters in a hall.

Weng!

A blurry green light showed up in the sky above the palace.

“Ancestor.”

“Ancestor.”

All the great beings bowed.

The blurry light looked down and said, “It seems that Duan Dong River has different requirements for great beings of different power levels. Tell the undying fighters and universe knights from our race to work harder so that more of them can meet the requirements.”

“Yes.”

“Yes.”

The green light disappeared.

The great beings looked at each other, and they were all shocked. The ancestor of Eastern Emperor Holy Land rarely showed up, however, not only did he sent a great number of great beings to Duan Dong River, he showed up in the palace, which showed how much Eastern Emperor Ancestor valued the inheritance.

Though Blue Blood Knight was only a universe knight, he was a universe-master-to-be, and his willpower was at universe-supreme master level… He can solve the puzzles very quickly. We should’ve sent more universe-master-to-be there.”

“That’s right.”

“We should’ve sent more universe-masters-to-be.” Universe-masters-to-be were special universe knights. Eastern Emperor Holy Land had existed for an infinite amount of time; if there were ten universe masters born in every universe era, there would be more than 10,000 universe masters! Why were there only a few universe masters? Because the holy land couldn’t contain that many universe masters, just like a patch of earth could only nurture a certain number of plants. If there were too many plants, the land wouldn’t be able to withstand them all.

A miniature universe couldn’t nurture universe supreme masters. It could only birth universe masters! Also, a small universe couldn’t hold an unlimited number of universe masters… Every universe master was a huge burden to a small universe, and when it hit the limit, the number couldn’t increase. Otherwise, it would be harmful to the holy land itself.

Which was why some universe knights—who had already finished law comprehension and could become a universe master at any time —couldn’t get any godly power from the holy land universe origin!

When a universe master died, one of the universe-masters-to-be would be selected to become a universe master! They had lived for a long time; some of them had lived for more than 100 universe eras, which was why they had extremely powerful will.

The 800th year after Luo Feng began studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game.

Ding! Dong!

Duan Dong River showed up again.

“Remote Snow from the second universe era has met the requirement.” Duan Dong River looked down and stared at a candidate from bug race.

“What?”

“An undying fighter?”

“Only an undying fighter?”

“Even undying fighters can meet the requirement?”

Everyone was shocked that the third one to meet the requirements was an undying fighter of the bug race from the second universe era.

“Up.” Duan Dong River pointed at Remote Snow, and suddenly, a blurry palace surrounded Remote Snow.

Time flew.

One candidate after another met the requirements, and soon, the powers understood that there were different levels of requirements for great beings of different power levels, as none of the seven universe supreme masters met the requirements.

The first one was Luo Feng! The second one was a universe knight! The third one was undying! The fourth one was undying!

The fifth one was a universe master: You Zan from Eastern Emperor Holy Land. And up until then, two from Eastern Emperor Holy Land had met the requirements. It’d been 1,100 years since Luo Feng had met the requirements.

The sixth one was a universe knight! The seventh one was a universe master! And he was Luo Feng’s acquaintance, Deer Bug Master.

Almost 3,000 years passed.

In the life-or-death corridor, one blurry palace after another covered the candidates who made the cut. 62 candidates had met the requirements. In fact, from the 2,000th year onward, many candidates met the requirements. For example, Peng Gong Master had met the requirements already. Yet none of the seven universe supreme masters had met the requirements.

Ding! Dong!

Duan Dong Master showed up again.

It was common for Duan Dong Master to show up. Everyone looked up to see which power had met the requirements.

“Tie Bu Demon Master from the first universe era has met the requirements,” said Duan Dong River.

All seven universe supreme masters in the life-or-death corridor shuddered.

“Gosh!”

“Finally, a universe supreme master has met the requirements.”

All the great beings looked to him.

It was too harsh. Finally, a universe supreme master succeeded!

Those universe supreme masters felt both excited and despondent. Nearly 3,000 years! One great being after another who was weaker than them had succeeded, yet none of the seven universe supreme masters had succeeded. They thought there was no hope for universe supreme masters.

Finally, Tie Bu Demon Master had succeeded.

63rd!

“Universe supreme masters need to solve 2,000 puzzles!” Tie Bu Demon Master had strong mixed feelings.


Chapter 1234: The Second Bottleneck

The 64th one!

The 65th one!

The other candidates in the life and death corridor might have been slower in speed of comprehending the Rhinoceros Emperor Game, but with the passing of time, the number of great beings reaching Duan Dong River’s expectation was increasing at an alarming rate. One by one, golden shadow palaces were appearing within the life and death corridor. There were already many of these scattered all over the place.

Candidates within the life and death corridor would occasionally carry out discussions secretly via voice transmissions.

“The time given to decoding the Rhinoceros Emperor Game is unexpectedly long. From the looks of it, Duan Dong River is intent on gathering more candidates for his heir. The number is now close to 70!”

“True. After all, an heir not only requires the ability to comprehend. There are other areas to consider; even if Luo Feng may be at a slight advantage now, it is no cause for worry. Our East Emperor Holy Land already has nine who have met the baseline requirement! Moving forward, we will gain an even greater advantage!”

After all, studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game was an extremely tedious and difficult process. It was almost like a continuous soul attack, which was why, based on the difference in their willpower, most of these great beings would take a break from time to time, although the length of time taken for their breaks varied.

Within the virtual universe.

“There are 69 who have already met the expectation.” Primal Chaos City Leader, who was seldom worried, started to show traces of anxiety. “And the more time that passes, I believe the number of candidates will also increase! Given this rate of development, Luo Feng’s advantage will gradually shrink.”

“What should we do?”

“We want to get hold of the inheritance, yet our chances are continuously lessening.”

Eight universe masters and Huge Axe Creator had gathered. The eight universe masters were all high-level leading figures of the human race, like Darkness Master, Void Gold Master, Deserted Mirror Master, and Qing Dong Master. Although they were all at different places—be it Tilted Peak Sector or Universe Boat, and not at the Boat of Mausoleum—they were constantly concerned about everything happening at the Boat of Mausoleum.

Everyone knew that this round of inheritance was a silent battle! This battle would determine who could transcend the reincarnation era and determine the owner of the third holy land universe!

“Stop getting frustrated over this.” Huge Axe Creator laughed heartily and added, “It is pointless for us to fret over this. Let Luo Feng comprehend at his leisure! As for us… let’s take our minds off this by going on other adventures and roaming elsewhere. If we simply stare on aimlessly, what if this inheritance lasts for 10,000 years, or even longer?”

“True.”

“But—”

“All right, all right, all of you should get back now,” Huge Axe Creator said with a wave.

Among the individual planes, with fog winding around them, there were many stone pillars, and every one of them bore a three-dimensional virtual shadow.

Luo Feng and the man in the white robe, Teacher Origin, were in the same space, but of course, Luo Feng was not the least bit aware of Teacher Origin’s presence.

“The first 2,000 stages are so tough.” Luo Feng was standing before the three-dimensional virtual shadow of the 2,000th endgame.

It had been 3,000 years, and during this long period of time, there were other candidates who had subsequently managed to meet the baseline requirements. This had definitely dealt him a certain amount of pressure, and he also started to understand Duan Dong River’s intentions. Apparently, Duan Dong River did not wish to place all his bets on Luo Feng for the time being.

“This round of inheritance! Since I am already in the lead, I must work things to my advantage and make this inheritance mine.” Luo Feng was very resolute. “Since I started studying secret techniques and Rhinoceros Emperor Game through a compare-and-contrast method, my speed of comprehension has obviously become much faster.”

After he had decoded the 1,000th endgame, he had started a new studying method. 80 percent of his time was spent studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game while 20 percent of his time was spent on studying the secret technique of the Ninth Deep Abyss, with occasional sessions put aside for honing his willpower…

Indeed, according to the feeling he had, the secret techniques and the Rhinoceros Emperor Game did share a common point. Upon comparing and contrasting the two, Luo Feng was able to gain more understanding, thus increasing his speed of comprehension. The previous 1,000 stages took him 500 years. If he went by his normal speed, then to successfully decode the first 2,000 stages, he would need a time period that was ten times longer or even more.

Yet now, he only took 500 years, which was five times the original time to quickly succeed in decoding the first 2,000 stages.

“Seems like this Luo Feng…” The man in white robes looked toward Luo Feng from a short distance away, smiling as he nodded in approval. “Soon, he will be able to finish decoding the first 2,000 stages. Given his comprehension, his fundamentals, to be able to create a combination of strongest techniques will not be difficult for him at all. How impressive.”

The man in white robe was full of compliments for Luo Feng.

Probably most of the other candidates within the life and death corridor did not know this, but Teacher Origin, upon spending 3,000 years studying Rhinoceros Emperor Game (after adding on 10,000 times of accelerated time velocity, which would make it 30 million years), had come to know more than them.

Rhinoceros Emperor Game was highly demanding on one’s ability to comprehend! Was highly demanding on one’s ability to deduce! In short, if one was able to understand the Rhinoceros Emperor Game in depth, then the law of comprehension, law of studies, and creating secret techniques and such would no longer be difficult tasks. From the looks of it, most of the candidates had now managed to break through and meet the baseline requirements, but that was merely the first bottleneck.

The bottleneck for undying godly souls—the first 500 stages!

The bottleneck for universe knights—the first 1,000 stages!

The bottleneck for universe masters—the first 1,500 stages!

The bottleneck for universe supreme masters—the first 2,000 stages!

“Great beings with high aptitude would have no difficulty breaking through the first bottleneck if given sufficient time, just like how every universe supreme master is able to find a path that is unique to him, to create his own miniature universe. Universe supreme masters have strangely high abilities to comprehend, so long as enough time is given, every single one of them will be able to decode the first 2,000 stages.” The man in white robe was aware of this point. “Yet that was only the first bottleneck… The second bottleneck requires a length of time that is calculated in multiples of ten; every period of time required would be calculated in terms of ten times. Or when moving forward, it might be impossible to achieve a breakthrough no matter how much time is used up.”

For instance, a universe master who was studying the 1,998th stage… He was unable to decode that stage!

Then given 10,000 years, 100,000 years, one million years… or even to the extent of one reincarnation era, he might never be able to decode that stage! Because he had reached his limit. Unless his basic ability to comprehend underwent a fundamental change.

“This Luo Feng passed the first bottleneck so easily. Now, he has already reached the second bottleneck.” The man in white robe nodded quietly. “And, at such a fast speed, obviously this is still far from his limit. Indeed! Indeed, he is the most hopeful one in becoming the next universe supreme master. If he manages to get Duan Dong River’s inheritance this time, I believe there is a great possibility of him transcending a reincarnation era in the future.”

The man in white robe could not hold back a smile. All these years, he had been here studying Rhinoceros Emperor Game, so every move Luo Feng made did not escape his eye. And which virtual shadow Luo Feng often studied was no secret to him either.

He was very clear of the rate at which Luo Feng was improving.

Luo Feng had accepted the inheritance for over 3,000 years. There was dead silence in the life and death corridor as numerous golden shadow palaces were scattered about randomly. There was also an ocean of candidates surrounding these shadow palaces. These golden shadow palaces represented the great beings who had met the baseline requirements.

Ding! Dong!

A familiar sound rang and resonated deep within every great being.

All the great beings raised their heads.

“Must be the 70th one now.”

“The 70th one to meet the expectations. Who can that be? It must be from our primal universe, right? It can’t always be the first reincarnation era and two holy lands.”

“Must be from our second reincarnation era.”

One by one, everyone was silently speculating.

Apparently, great beings from the two holy lands and first reincarnation era had dominated a majority of the candidates who had passed the baseline requirements. The second reincarnation era and primal universe were on the losing end, with fewer representatives.

“I… am delighted.” Duan Dong River’s voice sounded.

“What?”

Every great being felt a tremor rumbling through their hearts. Even those few who were sidetracked studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game had to stop for the time being to look up. Delighted? Duan Dong River was delighted? Such an event was unprecedented.

Duan Dong River, suspended in midair, was smiling as he looked down at the dense crowd of close to 100,000 great beings from various clans looking up at him expectantly. Duan Dong River announced with a smile, “Human form Milky Way has broken through the second bottleneck… and reached a whole new level.”

Hua!

An uproar surged. Everyone turned to look at Milky Way Horde Leader, Luo Feng, who had almost been forgotten throughout the long years.

“Rise!” Duan Dong River pointed afar.

At that moment, a crystal pillar appeared with a kakaka sound from the ground beside Luo Feng. When that crystal pillar had fully emerged, its surface started to radiate a dazzling red light. The hazy red light converged with the golden light-ray palace from before, and then, the entire light-ray palace dazzled with two hues of lights—red and golden.

The golden-red palace enshrouded Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was also slightly taken aback. This was the differential treatment for someone who had met the requirement? Right. He had just decoded the 2,000th stage, but still…

Luo Feng was shocked. The other groups were even more shocked, and all found it hard to understand. Originally, they had thought that even after meeting the requirement, everything would maintain the status quo. But from the looks of it… everything was different.

“I have said before.” Duan Dong River looked at all the shocked expressions of the candidates and said, “The more stages decoded, the more advantages gained, and this will bring more benefits when accepting the inheritance. All of you have passed the first bottleneck and are considered to have met my baseline requirement… Of course, that is merely a baseline requirement. If you can’t even meet that, then you certainly have no right to advance.”

“As for breaking through the second bottleneck, like the human Milky Way,” Duan Dong River started to elaborate, “even for all of you candidates, you all can be categorized into four different levels. Let me come up with four names for these four levels. They will be the peripheral candidates, elite candidates, core candidates, and heirs! Those who have previously met the requirements are merely considered the peripherals. Those like the human Milky Way will be considered as elites. One level up will be the core. And further up by one more level… one becomes an heir. Then there is no further need to compete further. I, Duan Dong River, will hand over my inheritance right away.”

Duan Dong River looked toward the seven universe supreme masters. “The seven of you have long ago bred your own miniature universes. All of you have very strong powers, so naturally, you all have to deal with a higher bottleneck. For you all… so long as you can decode up to the 6,000th stage, you can obtain the inheritance right away. Of course, I guess that the possibility of any one of you who wish to break through and reach the fourth bottleneck to become an heir within my expected timeline, or to directly move on to decoding the 6,000th endgame is extremely, awfully low.

“Which is why you all have to work even harder at decoding. Those who have decoded more… At different levels, the inheritance that you all get in contact with later on will also differ. For instance, now, the chances that human form Milky Way have to obtain the inheritance is greater than you all by ten times or even 100 times. Unless you all achieve your breakthrough to the second bottleneck soon as well. Work hard.”

Silence. Every great being present understood…

So, this was how it would be.

The number of stages decoded, more or less, really did make much of a difference—and a very fundamental one, too. Decoding more would even enable one to directly gain the inheritance without having to progress through all four levels. And then, all the other great beings would be considered to have failed and be eliminated!

The first bottleneck… the second bottleneck… the third bottleneck… the fourth bottleneck… If one could not even make it past the first bottleneck, then elimination was the only result. Elimination, in other words, meant annihilation!

This sent everyone into a state of discreet anxiety. Especially knowing that Luo Feng had broken through the second bottleneck. They were left in solicitude.

The second bottleneck? Luo Feng quickly quelled his heightened emotions and started to think calmly. The first bottleneck is the first 1,000 stages, the second bottleneck is the first 2,000 stages, could it be the third bottleneck is the first 3,000 stages? That means, breaking through the first 4,000 stages, I can become an heir right away?


Chapter 1235: Willpower! Breakthrough!

“Primal Universe human, Yan Chun. Requirements met.”

“East Emperor Holy Land, Zi Wei Kai. Requirements met.”

Duan Dong River stood at the front of the corridor, where he had, unexpectedly, remained for a long time. The number of those who had reached the first bottleneck had entered a stage of explosive growth—in the blink of an eye, it had shot past 100 and was still soaring.

Seeing how the others were passing the first bottleneck one after another, Luo Feng was not at all bothered. He continued to follow his own method of studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game at his leisure!

Time passed. In the 3,900th year since Luo Feng had accepted the inheritance, the number of life forms breaking through the first bottleneck grew the fastest. After that, the rate gradually slowed down. At the start of the 5,200th year, there was not a single being who was able to pass the first bottleneck.

“Is this your ultimate limit?” Duan Dong River shook his head and said coldly, “Only 298 of you have managed to break through the first bottleneck?”

Luo Feng, who was being enveloped by the palace radiating red and golden light rays, opened his eyes and nodded discreetly. For the Rhinoceros Emperor Game, it did not necessarily mean that the more time spent decoding, the more stages would be decoded. Many undying godly spirits present at the corridor had limited potential; some universe knights might never be able to achieve a breakthrough in their entire lifetime. Those who just wanted to pass the first bottleneck had certainly found it to be an extremely difficult task.

At that moment, out of the 298 beings who had passed the first bottleneck, the seven universe supreme masters had all met the challenge! All the universe masters had reached the first bottleneck, while a few undying godly spirits and a handful of universe knights had met the requirements. Of course, Luo Feng was the only one who had reached the second bottleneck.

“Huh?” Duan Dong River suddenly looked in a certain direction, then smiled with a nod. “East Emperor Holy Land Blue Blood has passed the second bottleneck. It seems like this time around, the ones with the highest hopes of receiving the inheritance of the pulse of my Duan Dong River will be you and that human Milky Way. You have to try your best. Do not slack off.”

Blue Blood Knight bowed. “Understood, Lord Duan Dong River.”

At the same time, a crystal pillar emerged from the ground of the corridor right beside him. The crystal pillar was bursting with light rays, combining to form a red palace and a golden palace. The red and golden beams radiated, then moved over to enshroud Blue Blood Knight! The combination of red and golden rays was in harmony with Luo Feng’s red and golden palace in the distance.

“Hmm?” Luo Feng gave a slight frown.

“Blue Blood Knight,” Luo Feng softly chanted to himself.

“Blue Blood!”

“Blue Blood Knight… East Emperor Holy Land’s fate is in your hands.”

The universe masters from East Emperor Holy Land were all overjoyed and excited. So long as one of them—no matter who— could get that inheritance, that would almost be the same as the entire holy land owning it.

Blue Blood Knight also smiled at the great beings around him. This inheritance would be the greatest opportunity in his lifetime. It would change his destiny!

Prior to this, he was always considered ordinary among the countless great beings of East Emperor Holy Land; he was only a member of the group of universe masters-to-be. Because there was a limit to the number of universe masters that East Emperor Holy Land Universe could accommodate, when so many universe masters coexisted in a same holy land, those who belonged to the group of universe masters-to-be would never be able to achieve a breakthrough. They would never be able to receive provisions from the holy land universe origin to achieve a breakthrough.

From knight to universe master, the amount of godly power being consumed was alarming. Without the provision from the origin, this transition would not be possible.

He, Blue Blood Knight, had gone from an awkward universe master-to-be to a most sensational, high-positioned status within the whole East Emperor Holy Hand—and all of it had happened in such a short period of time. He had surpassed any other universe master or universe supreme master! Even East Emperor Ancestor had made a personal appearance to meet him to give him words of encouragement.

“The Rhinoceros Emperor Game has already proven your potential. This time around, even if you do not receive the inheritance, in the future, you will still receive the best training from my holy land. Do not feel stressed. Just try your best! If you perform well enough this time around! Your potential is boundless! I shall not hesitate to help you at all costs to help you become a universe supreme master, or even to help you transcend a reincarnation era.”

East Emperor Ancestor’s promise had long set Blue Blood Knight’s desires ablaze. The burning passion that had lain dormant for so long, was ignited once again. He felt as though he was back in his years as a youth—that period where he could go on battling, filled with that fighting spirit!

“Becoming a universe supreme master? I thought only the primal universe was able to breed universe supreme masters. Could it be that Ancestor had a way, too? That must be it! Duan Dong River left an inheritance of his pulse, so naturally, he wanted his descendants to continue to cultivate and elevate his inheritance. If even a universe supreme master cannot achieve that, it would be ridiculous. If an ancient civilization could have such a technique, then if Ancestor were to pay a higher price, he could probably achieve the same thing.”

Blue Blood Knight knew that this was his greatest stroke of luck! His chance for a new life! Even if he were to fail, so long as he could prove his potential—prove how promising his potential was—East Emperor Ancestor would be willing to reverse time and space to resurrect him, train him, and allow him to cultivate anew.

“Success! That Luo Feng means nothing at all. I have kept silent for countless years, for I am not qualified enough to enter Universe Ocean, so I have stayed insignificant and passive… waiting for a chance like this! My one true chance for a new life! I will grasp onto it with dear life!”

Blue Blood Knight seemed indifferent on the surface, but in his heart, he was in a state of craziness. For such a change to appear before him, he had to hold on to it like a drowning man clinging a life preserver! All his passion would be set ablaze!

He would set his whole life ablaze! All his wisdom—all his potential— would burst out at this very moment!

In the space of the black-striped stone pillars, the towering, black-striped stone pillars pierced all the way to the topmost, deepest end of the clouds. The entire area exuded boundless oppressive willpower, as if billions of blood-stained, black-armored troops were charging forward with murderous intentions amidst loud roars.

This was the place where Luo Feng stayed to hone his willpower. His Mosha body always remained here, in the same spot. The surroundings were free from other great beings, and although the area had 16 black-striped stone pillars, almost every great being would be gathered around the Number 2 pillar. There, they could frequently listen to Bei Chi Star Master’s teachings. Luo Feng’s location was always desolated and quiet.

A single stone would sometimes leave the gigantic rock to float in midair as it slowly drifted toward the black-striped stone pillar, albeit extremely slowly.

“Kill! Kill! Kill!” Endless roars rang out. The impact of willpower was like a series of tidal waves, exerting oppression over Luo Feng’s willpower.

Usually, while studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game and secret techniques, his Mosha body would fly over to a gigantic rock in the distance or even retreat to the borderline region of the gigantic rock. The impact of willpower was smallest there, which would help in blocking out external influences during training sessions. As for honing his willpower, he would do his best to force himself close to his ultimate limit. Under such an ultimatum, he would hone his willpower. This would enable him to be fully focused, as there was no way he could be distracted during cultivation if he was subjected to such a limit.

“Roar!”

The stone started to wriggle and transform, changing into a naked man whose skin was covered with complex space secret engravings.

Mosha body, if killed under unique circumstances, would reveal its original form, and at this moment, the space secret engravings on the man’s skin were returning to their original form. It was the form in which Mosha body was most at ease, without any burden. At this moment, under the ultimate oppression, he had reached the critical point. Mosha body was no longer able to control himself as he regained his original form.

“Almost.”

“Almost.”

Luo Feng’s willpower was roaring. Roaring with rage! He had a feeling that he was going to break through that ultimate limit. He was so close—so close to a breakthrough that he had never experienced before!

“I want my breakthrough! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!”

Luo Feng’s willpower was roaring furiously.

Hong!

Like thunder and lightning strikes! It was as though the endlessly chaotic world had changed into the billions of stars within the universe in an instant, countless living souls.

At that moment, Luo Feng’s willpower was cheering and jumping with joy. He was feeling delightfully satisfied, like a fish flying out of the vast ocean or a bird soaring about in the boundless sky. Or a trapped dragon god who had finally struggled its way out of the shallow shores to fly up to the celestial skies, where it could wander without restraint. This was a bout of willpower that was incomparably powerful, and it was exuded from that naked Mosha body.

“Hahaha…” A black robe was quick to gather and cover the Mosha body as he laughed with great pleasure. “Advance!”

Sou!

Mosha body advanced at high speed and charged toward the black-striped stone pillars as it continuously forced himself to challenge his new limit. The time velocity continuously soared by leaps and bounds, and it got faster and faster!

“12,000 times?”

When Luo Feng felt that time velocity had reached a rate of 12,000 times, he started to feel to feel the toil. He knew then that he was already quite close to his ultimate limit.

“I heard Bei Chi Star Master is strongest when it comes to honing willpower, and where he is, the time velocity rate is actually more than 130,000 times. There is always someone better out there.” Luo Feng smiled.

Thereafter, he backtracked and flew to a place where the time velocity was approximately 6,000 times before he stopped. The oppressive willpower at this place was merely like a gentle breeze blowing to Luo Feng, giving him a sense of comfort. It held no influence over his cultivation.

“My willpower is metamorphosing! With the powerful willpower in control of my consciousness, the speed of my deducing and mental abilities will be greatly increased; studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game will definitely be much faster.”

Luo Feng was secretly rejoicing. Willpower would be the commander in chief! Consciousness would be various generals! Godly power would be the soldiers!

The metamorphosis of willpower, be it for cultivation or for battle, always produced greatly beneficial results.

At least for now, what Luo Feng felt was that if he were to receive the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River. He could greatly benefit from it in two ways. One, after his willpower achieved a breakthrough, would have more clout and therefore gain more confidence in receiving the inheritance. Two, his willpower would finally make it past the level of a universe supreme master, and he would gain more confidence in getting that white pair of wings— which had such formidable power—to recognize him as its master.

“Haha! The breakthrough of my willpower is like a dragon rising up into the sky.” Luo Feng was overjoyed.

After the breakthrough, Luo Feng shifted all his focus and energy into studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game and secret techniques. He decided to take a break from honing his willpower for the time being!

“What satisfaction.”

It was obvious to him that now, when he was studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game, he could analyze and comprehend from various perspectives instantly. Numerous inspirations and thoughts would surge and gush in his mind! His efficiency was greatly increased, and the more he studied, the more connections he felt he had found between the strongest secret techniques of the Ninth Deep Abyss and the Rhinoceros Emperor Game.

Everything worked in harmony to his favor. Plus, his speed of studying was consistently soaring.

In the virtual universe.

“Huh?” The man in white robes was surprised as he turned to look at Luo Feng, who was not too far away. “How long has he spent studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game? Spending 3,000 years, he decoded the first 2,000 stages, yet it did not take him another 10,000 or even another 1,000 years, for him to decode the first 3,000 stages.”

Teacher Origin was taken aback. Because every set of 1,000 games was a new threshold, the difficulty level would soar by leaps and bounds. The first 2,000 stages, took him 3,000 years.

According to Teacher Origin’s estimation, if Luo Feng could complete studying the first 3,000 stages within 30,000 years, that would already be a great achievement and could show his limitless potential, but who knew?

“The first 3,000 stages.”

Luo Feng stood before the virtual shadow of the endgame and watched in silence. In Huge Axe’s miniature universe, his Remote Ocean body was trying his best to study and decode. For at that moment, his entire being seemed to enter the absolute peak of his comprehension state, where billions of thoughts were emerging. Various inspirations were colliding, and numerous problems were being decoded.

Even some of the takeaways he gained from studying the strongest secret techniques of the Ninth Deep Abyss could be used as reference. In fact, Luo Feng personally felt that if he were to create a secret technique—given his achievement pertaining to diagrams of secret engravings—if he were to create a combination of secret techniques, it should not be such a great feat. It was just that he did not have any time to spare on creating secret techniques.

“Huh?”

Luo Feng’s eyes lit up, and then, he smiled.


Chapter 1236: Game Over

Whenever the number of people exceeded 10,000, it would feel as though there was a sea of people. And yet close to 10,000 great beings of various clans from the Universe Boat had gathered in the life and death corridor. At first glance, it was, indeed, a dense crowd, and at that moment, all of them were in a heated discussion…

“After the human Milky Way Horde Leader and Blue Blood, the next to pass the second bottleneck was, unexpectedly, Water Song Master! This is…”

“An inconspicuous universe master from the second reincarnation era has managed to catch up with the progress.”

“Water Song.”

“Water Song… has extraordinary potential.”

“The first reincarnation era and the two holy lands must be going crazy with rage.”

“Especially the first reincarnation era. It would be weird if they did not go mad with rage. Ranked first three are from the primal universe, East Emperor Holy Land Universe, and the second reincarnation era, respectively. There might be the most candidates from the first reincarnation era, yet none have made it to the top three.”

The various clans were gasping with admiration.

“Done!”

Luo Feng was smiling as he stood before the crystal pillar. Just a while ago, he had perfectly decoded the 3,000th endgame within that crystal pillar; the moment he had successfully decoded that stage… Luo Feng raised his head to look far away. Duan Dong River should be showing up any moment.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Countless cyan light spots were consolidating in the air.

The temperature of the surroundings plunged, which faintly caused everyone’s souls to feel a freezing sensation, sending violent shudders to course through every great being present. All raised their heads to look, and what they could see in midair, were countless cyan light spots that looked like snowflakes falling.

“What’s wrong?”

“This…”

“Something big is going to happen!”

These countless cyan light spots that resembled snowflakes suddenly surged towards Luo Feng in a frenzy.

Hong! Long! Long!

The ground behind Luo Feng suddenly split apart, and another crystal pillar appeared. At that moment… Luo Feng had three towering crystal pillars surrounding him, and the countless cyan light spots rapidly consolidated to form another palace that enshrouded him. Golden, red, and cyan—a tri-colored palace that was dazzling beyond comparison.

At that moment, Luo Feng was like a king of an army of close to 10,000 great beings of the Universe Ocean.

“What! No!” Seventh True Master of Divine Eye Clan let out a furious roar right away, his eyes filled with panic. “The chance of transcending reincarnation… belongs to my Divine Eye clan! It belongs to my Divine Eye clan. How detestable, I condemn you!”

“This—this…” An entrenched giant beast from the first reincarnation era cried tears of anguish as it let out a sorrowful roar. “Are you bent on exterminating my entire Yan Beast? Even our very last chance, you must deprive us of it? I can’t bear to see this, I can’t take it lying down!”

Desperation! All the great beings of the first reincarnation era were practically in despair. They were the majority of all the candidates present, and also the ones who desperately wanted to receive the inheritance because their doomsday was drawing near. If even this chance of inheritance was lost, they might be left with the path to annihilation!

They were reluctant to be annihilated—so reluctant for the entire clan to disappear during this reincarnation era. They struggled! They fought! For this, they would do everything and anything, even if it meant bullying and insulting Luo Feng right from the very beginning. Even if it meant attacking him rampantly so as to affect his progress.

But fate had made a mockery out of them.

The scene before them clearly showed them that Luo Feng had already passed the third bottleneck!

There were four bottlenecks, and if one managed to break through the fourth bottleneck, the inheritance could be claimed right away; there was no further need for competition. One who had obtained the inheritance at the third bottleneck would take the identity of a “core candidate.” Compared to him, the rest were merely peripheral candidates who had passed the first bottleneck. The possibility that they would obtain the inheritance was almost negligible.

“Milky Way!”

A streak of white light appeared in midair, then transformed into the dazzling form of Duan Dong River, clothed in white, elegant armor.

At that moment, Duan Dong River was no longer cold and aloof… On the contrary, he was dazzling.

“An era just passed!” Duan Dong River closed his eyes, but tears were already falling.

There was only silence. Every great being present raised his head to look at Duan Dong River.

“Only one era has passed…” Duan Dong River said softly with a sigh. “Even though time velocity was accelerated within the miniature universe, it was, nonetheless, only limited to 10,000 times. Yet you have managed to break through the third bottleneck! Never in my wildest dreams… On this road to desperation, after being forced to abandonment and finding myself on this road to desperation, I am still able to finally find a descendant like you.”

What!

The expressions of every clan, every great being present, changed drastically. Could it be that Duan Dong River wanted to give Luo Feng the inheritance straightaway?

This… This would not do!

“I have done wrong to generations of ancestors.” Duan Dong River shut his eyes as his body trembled. A look of anguish dominated his face as he slowly opened his eyes and looked at Luo Feng. “I have done them wrong. It was me… who sent all of Duan Dong River’s pulse of bloodline falling into extermination. The pulse of Duan Dong River, which was incomparably noble and powerful, with countless eras of glory and fame, who once stood most dazzlingly on the apex of the world. But I… I have brought my pulse of bloodline into the ultimate severance. I am a sinner. But I had no choice…”

Duan Dong River looked at Luo Feng. “You. You are apt to comprehend, and you are almost my equal in terms of ability. No matter what, at least for this generation of inheritance, I am able to find an heir… who does not pale in comparison to me. You, in only one era, have broken through the third bottleneck.” He gazed at Luo Feng. “Congratulations, Milky Way!”

Luo Feng held his breath.

“If you can move on to reach the fourth bottleneck…” Duan Dong River’s gaze swept over the crowd, “they, one by one, will be eliminated and annihilated in celebration of your claim of the inheritance.”

Close to 10,000 great beings present were shocked. One by one, they would be annihilated?

Previously, did Duan Dong River not say that so long as they met the requirements, they could continue? Now, it seemed that Duan Dong River was obviously not an honest man. Once he found his heir, the other candidates would be rendered useless.

“For three eras.” Duan Dong River looked at Luo Feng. “This time, the time taken to comprehend the Rhinoceros Emperor Game was a total of three eras! Within these three eras, if you can break through to reach the fourth bottleneck, then even if I were to die, I would feel no shame toward generations of ancestors.”

“Remember… within three eras…”

As Duan Dong River said his last line, his figure diminished and vanished. The entire corridor fell into silence again.

Countless great beings looked toward Luo Feng. In their eyes was jealousy, insanity, admiration, shock, malice, hatred…

“For three eras? Is that it?” Luo Feng shut his eyes and continued to put his full efforts into comprehending the Rhinoceros Emperor Game.

Year after year, time passed.

Every few thousand years within the corridor, there would be one great being who managed to pass the second bottleneck after much difficulty.

As for breaking through the first bottleneck… that was no longer in the picture. Apparently, the great number of undying godly souls and universe knights who were unable to achieve the breakthrough had reached their limits. They would not be able to achieve that breakthrough regardless of how much time they were given.

Blue Blood universe knight! Only second to Luo Feng when he passed the second bottleneck.

Water Song Master! He was ranked third.

Deer Bug Master! His outburst was what Purple Moon Holy Land was secretly looking forward to.

Remote Snow! The only undying…

You Zan Master! East Emperor Holy Land’s only hope.

Sorcerer Sprite Master! She had unexpectedly broken through the second bottleneck, which was indeed a great surprise, as the Divine Eye clan had not expected her to be able to achieve the breakthrough with the deadline of three eras drawing close. It was indeed an unexpected surprise! The whole Divine Eye Clan was so emotional that most were close to tears. Sorcerer Sprite Master, a lady, had accidentally become the greatest hope of their clan.

Time flew by.

28,000 years, 28,500 years, 29,000 years…

The final boundary of the three eras timeline was drawing near. Everyone was anxious, all feeling worried. They were worried that Luo Feng might really achieve a breakthrough and pass the fourth bottleneck.

“He won’t make it.”

“He definitely won’t make it. If he did, then all hope would be lost. No more hope…”

“He can’t.”

“I would rather die. I would rather Luo Feng be annihilated so that my clan has hope.”

“The last glimmer of hope. Do not cut off my clan’s last bit of hope.”

One by one, they were secretly praying.

There were even universe masters who went crazy and tried to attack Luo Feng. As a result, the tri-colored palace merely gave a brief tremor, and they were immediately annihilated, reduced to dust.

In the virtual universe, the man in the white robe looked toward Luo Feng. He was truly taken aback. Luo Feng was improving at a terrifying rate.

Throughout the decoding process of Rhinoceros Emperor Game, he had seen Luo Feng’s speed getting faster and faster. His ability to comprehend was continuously on the rise, and his aptitude was also progressing at a terrifying rate! Luo Feng was like a piece of scrap metal evolving into an extremely fine piece of steel.

He found it unbelievable… The evolution of a great being could be that fast, especially towards the final stage, when Luo Feng was decoding stage after stage without a break, like the reincarnation of a Phoenix upon its death. There was no stopping him. Luo Feng’s ability to comprehend alarmed Teacher Origin.

“Previously, he had only cultivated for a short period of time,” mused Teacher Origin, “and this time around, studying for 30,000 years under an acceleration of 10,000 times time velocity, which makes it 30,000 eras… Is it because time is ample this time around?. No, the past generations had seen many great beings cultivating for endless years, but the situation had never become so extreme before. Could it be that the pulse of Earthlings originally possessed something unique within their souls? And Luo Feng happens to be the most dazzling one of them all?

Teacher Origin thought it through. The pulse on Earth was a very special one, as its state of mind was equipped with an extremely strong willpower; once there was comprehension achieved, breakthrough would be fast.

“Sitting Mountain Guest remodeled Earth, thus bringing about changes to a portion of my human race. This portion of humans now constitutes the pulse of Earthlings.”

With a frown, Teacher Origin thought, Throughout the primal universe, or even throughout the entire Universe Ocean… what I have yet to gain a thorough look of—other than the ancestors of the two holy lands who have yet to show themselves within the Universe Ocean—is this Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Sitting Mountain Guest… What plans did he have? Everything about Luo Feng is related to him. Previously, he took Flame Emperor under his wing, and later, there was also Pu Ti.”

Teacher Origin pondered. He was the creator of the virtual universe. The virtual universe enveloped the entire primal universe. It was magical. It was not as simple as it seemed on the surface. Teacher Origin knew many secrets and mysteries, but there were still many that he could not wrap his mind around. Sitting Mountain Guest was one person he could not fathom.

Luo Feng was completely immersed in the world filled with Rhinoceros Emperor Game and secret techniques. He had started out studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game as an amateur, but with the passing of time, by honing of willpower, his ability to comprehend was fundamentally improved through all the studying he was engaged in. For various reasons, he was addicted. Now, he was obsessed with studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game.

The instantaneous interpretation, comprehension, and decoding from a million different perspectives. The exhilaration he got, as though he had figured out the secrets of the universe. As for his potential, under such a honing process… He was like a piece of jade gradually starting to radiate its brilliance.

“The 3,890th stage!” Luo Feng stopped for a breather and a sense of time. With a slight frown, he lamented, “The time limit of three eras is drawing near. Am I able to make it in time? However… So, what if I cannot make it in time? The Rhinoceros Emperor Game benefits me greatly. Even if it I were to really come in contact with the inheritance, I have full confidence that I will be able to seize it.”

Luo Feng had a confidence that came from within. After close to three eras of honing, he had already brought both of his willpower— and that comprehension that was so difficult to detect—to an extremely intimidating level.

“East Emperor Holy Land’s Blue Blood has broken through the third bottleneck.” Similarly, countless cyan light spots rained down to create an incomparably dazzling scene.

Duan Dong River made his appearance.

“An heir of mine. I’m afraid, only you are able to fight with Milky Way now. The other candidates… unless they undergo repeated evolutions.” Duan Dong River looked at Blue Blood knight and encouraged. “Keep working hard. Do not concede defeat so easily.”

“Yes.” Blue Blood Knight was deferential. He looked toward Luo Feng with an intimidating light in his eyes. That was absolute insanity.

He was fighting on! Fighting on!

The one and only chance of endless time had come. He was grasping onto it with his life. He would hold a tight rein over himself and give it his all. He was burning with passion. Before the limit of three eras arrived, he finally decoded the 3,000th stage.

“Blue Blood?” Luo Feng took one look at Blue Blood Knight. “He wants to fight me?”

The three eras finally came to an end.

In the end, Luo Feng only managed to decode up to the 3,911th stage. This was already an amazing feat. After all, he had spent slightly more than one era to finally break through the third bottleneck. With just two eras, it would be too difficult to break through the fourth bottleneck.

Duan Dong River looked down at everyone and slowly announced. “At the end of three eras, the selection through Rhinoceros Emperor Game ends. 292 achieved a breakthrough of the first bottleneck. Five achieved a breakthrough of the second bottleneck. Two achieved a breakthrough of the third bottleneck.”

The great beings beneath Duan Dong River started shouting.

“We all arrived later than Milky Way and company. We should be given more time!”

“True, do give us more time.”

Indeed, there were many who had arrived later than Luo Feng by half a year or even one to two years.

Duan Dong River looked down and said coldly, “Even giving you all another era, I’m afraid none of you would have passed the first bottleneck… Even if you managed to pass the first bottleneck, what use would I have for you all? This inheritance, Milky Way and Blue Blood are the most important. The other five who passed the second bottleneck are, theoretically, still possible candidates. The rest of you are merely here to make up the number. As for all of you here, you did not even make it past the first bottleneck. “According to the rules… All of you shall die!”

Duan Dong River made a wave.

Hua!

Golden light rays burst out from the numerous crystal pillars within the life and death corridor. That golden light could give rise to a palace. It could also be used to attack.

Hua!

Countless light spots attacked the great beings. In the blink of an eye, close to 10,000 great beings who were present were annihilated, reduced to dust. In the end, only near to 300 survived.

The survivors, although taken aback by how powerful that force was, were all filled with anticipation.

Rhinoceros Emperor Game had finally come to an end. The next step would be to start getting in contact with the inheritance. This was the legendary inheritance from a pulse of Duan Dong River!

“The rest of you shall continue advancing. Upon reaching the next hall, you may start receiving the inheritance.”

Duan Dong River looked at Luo Feng and the other 299 candidates, then pointed to somewhere far away. A loud rumble sounded, and a faraway floodgate that was originally shut started to rise. Even from where Luo Feng stood, he could faintly see the hall at the other end.

“Go on.”

Duan Dong River transformed into a streak of light, and with a flash, he arrived at the faraway hall.

Luo Feng, Blue Blood Knight, Deer Bug Master, Sorcerer Sprite Master, Water Song Master, Remote Snow, You Zan Master, and the seven universe supreme masters, as well as a large group of candidates who managed to pass the first bottleneck, all flew toward the next hall.

Virtual universe.

Numerous stone pillars with their three-dimensional virtual shadows could be found.

Luo Feng was seated cross-legged, but he had already stopped comprehending. Because he was about to start getting in contact with the inheritance, he did not dare get distracted

“The three great eras.” The man in white robes stood before a stone pillar. With a smile, he nodded. “At least I made it before the three great eras, I shall stop my decoding here.”

“The 6,002nd stage!”

The man in white robes laughed lightly and shook his head.


Chapter 1237: All of You Shall Die

Inside the dark and ancient palace, there were only nine crystal balls giving out dimming light, illuminating the entire palace. When the 299 great beings flew into the palace, Duan Dong River was already sitting in the throne and looking down with a smile on his face. “You can start to know the real inheritance now that you’ve arrived here,” he said.

“Inheritance?”

“Real inheritance?”

Every power knew that only one could receive the complete inheritance. However, even if one could only receive part of the inheritance and bring back the information, it would be worth it.

“Even part of the inheritance might provide a way to transcend incarnation. Once I find a way, I’ll self-destruct,” said some. “I have other bodies, so I can still live… But if I’m attacked by Duan Dong River, I might die forever.” Many great beings who had overcome the first obstacle thought this way.

There were 299 great beings. Two of them had overcome the third obstacle, and five had overcome the second obstacle. There wouldn’t be any chance for those who had only overcome the first obstacle. If they were smart, they should have just gathered some information and left immediately.

Duan Dong River, seeing those great beings excited, said, “Don’t hurry. Theoretically, you can all start the real inheritance. However… I have something to ask.”

“Ask?”

Everyone was anxious. They all cursed Duan Dong River for creating so much trouble.

“I’ll spare the other candidates, but I do want to ask the seven universe supreme masters…”

Duan Dong River looked down at the seven universe supreme masters. Out of the seven, six were from the first universe era while one was from the second. They were way behind this time, and they had been crushed during the Rhinoceros Game.

“If you don’t answer appropriately, you lose your chance to receive inheritance,” said Duan Dong River.

The seven universe supreme masters were shocked.

“It’s not that I’m not giving you a chance, but Duan Dong River has special requirements for miniature universes,” said Duan Dong River. “Once a miniature universe is formed, the path will be restricted. If the structures of your miniature universes cannot meet my requirements, you won’t be qualified to receive inheritance.”

“Ah!”

“The structures of miniature universes?”

All the universe supreme masters were dazed.

“Universe masters and universe knights are relatively weak and haven’t formed miniature universes yet,” said Duan Dong River. “They don’t have this problem. The one who receives the inheritance from Duan Dong River will be instructed how to structure his miniature universe. However, they are already fixed. Let me ask you this. What are your miniature universes like?”

“Well…”

All the supreme masters were hesitant. They all desired to answer with the kind of miniature universes Duan Dong River wanted, yet they could just invent an answer; Duan Dong River wasn’t dumb enough to accept it. At the same time, other 292 great beings were all relieved, as it was the universe supreme masters who had to take the bullet.

No wonder, thought Luo Feng. He understood now. No wonder the two holy lands didn’t send any universe supreme masters. It seems that Duan Dong River allows universe supreme masters to become inheritors, but he has set an extremely high threshold, as well as special requirements for the structures of miniature universes. The universe supreme masters don’t even have miniature universes anymore, so there aren’t any structures. But there are requirements for miniature universes.

The universe masters, universe knights, and undying fighters broadened their horizons. They weren’t in any trouble, but they were interested in learning the requirements for the structures of miniatures universes.

“Just tell me.” Duan Dong River frowned. “What are you waiting for? You, speak first.” He pointed at Tie Bu Demon Master.

Tie Bu Demon Master was hesitant, then said, “When I turned into a universe supreme master from a universe master, I created eight dimensions around the miniature universe: gold, wood, water, fire, mud, wind, thunder, and light… They’re all connected to the universe origin and stabilizing the small universe.”

“Ordinary laws…” Duan Dong River smirked and shook his head. “Next.” He looked at Second True Master.

Tie Bu Demon Master shook his head and sighed, as he knew that he had no chance.

Second True Master became anxious. “I…” He began to make things up. “I’ve created 10,081 miniature dimension spaces, and each of the dimension spaces is connected to the universe origin, leading to an energy space. Besides, the 10,081 spaces formed a space engraving in the shape of a sword.”

“Just so?” Duan Dong River looked to Second True Master.

Second True Master kept speaking. “Of course not. I’ve also created 1,001 small dimensions, forming time engravings, which is also in the shape of a sword. The time engraving and space engraving are intertwined.”

“You’re just making things up, said Duan Dong River. “Your miniature universe would have been in a mess if that were the case. Next.”

“Haha…”

Some great beings couldn’t help laughing. Second True Master glanced around, angry. He had, indeed, been making things up, as it was a completely imaginary structure. After all, when he was breeding the universe, he was very careful, and he didn’t dare to be bold.

“When I became a universe supreme master, god kingdom became a small universe, which has eight periphery worlds and two core worlds. It’s extremely stable.”

“Even though it’s stable, it’s difficult to improve.” Duan Dong River shook his head. “Next.”

All the universe supreme masters were trying to make up lies to satisfy the requirements of Duan Dong River, but he was not fooled.

“Next… Haha, interesting. Are you sure your universe is like that…? Mediocre.”

After hearing all the answers from the universe supreme masters, he shook his head. “Without the instructions from the more powerful beings,” he said, “you can’t even think of a more sophisticated way to create universes. None of you seven can inherit Duan Dong River, and you don’t have enough potential. If you can solve 6,000 puzzles, we’ll be willing to pay the price. However, you’re too underqualified to receive the inheritance from my Duan Dong River.”

The seven universe supreme masters looked at each other, discouraged that they had come here trying to receive inheritance… They were at a disadvantage when playing the Rhinoceros Emperor Game, and they were discriminated against because of their miniature universes.

All the other 292 great beings were calm—even those great beings from the first universe era. After all, it wasn’t discrimination against a particular power; instead, none of the universe supreme masters were qualified to enter the next round.

I didn’t expect that there were mysteries behind forming miniature universes, Luo Feng thought. That’s right. Universe supreme masters are already the top beings in the original universe. As for the universe structures, only the greater beings from the ancient civilization can tell which one is better.

This was what inheritance meant! It was based on the experience of the elder generations, and they found a path to becoming the pinnacle being. The elder generations paid a great price for it, and it was so invaluable that even the two ancestors from holy land longed for it.

“None of you seven are qualified.” Duan Dong River looked down. “Aside from you seven, none of the candidates from the Divine Eye clan are qualified, and they’re all going to die.”

“Divine Eye clan?”

Luo Feng was dazed.

“What?” Deer Bug Master was surprised as well.

“The Divine Eye clan isn’t qualified?” Blue Blood Knight was confused.

“Impossible!” Sorcerer Sprite Master said, shocked.

Everyone from the Divine Eye clan was dazed.

Hong!

Seventh True Master took out the supreme true treasure Ice Cliff Fortress. He immediately went into Ice Cliff Fortress, which grew larger. The fortress on the mountain looked elegant and delicate.

Seventh True Master transmitted his voice: “Come in!”

Everyone from the Divine Eye clan entered Ice Cliff Fortress.

All the 28 candidates from the Divine Eye clan entered Ice Cliff Fortress. It landed on the floor, followed by a furious voice saying, “Master Duan Dong River, why aren’t we qualified? Why do we all need to die? Why are we discriminated against? If you really don’t want us to receive inheritance, why didn’t you tell us when we were being inspected just like you did to the Skeleton clan? If you had told us beforehand, we wouldn’t have come in.”

The candidates from the Divine Eye clan were indeed infuriated. However, they all knew that they needed to have the argument from inside Ice Cliff Fortress. After all, even Duan Dong River couldn’t hurt them if they were in a supreme true treasure palace—especially when Duan Dong River was already dead.

“That’s right, why the double standard?”

“You gave us hope, and you let us despair.”

“Why did you only tell us we’re not qualified and we all have to die at this moment?”

Clearly, the Divine Eye clan was infuriated.

Duan Dong River looked down. “It’s a request from my friend. I owe him one, so I said yes.”


Chapter 1238: Supreme True Treasure? How Ridiculous!

“A request?”

All the great beings from the pulse of the Divine Eye Clan—who were within Ice Cliff Fortress at that point in time—were so angry with that friend of Duan Dong River that they wanted to eat his flesh, drink his blood, and gnaw his bones! They loathed him!

The Divine Eye Clan had seven great miniature universes. In the first miniature universe, all seven true masters were gathered together to monitor the progress of this round of inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River. They envied Luo Feng and Blue Blood Knight for being so outstanding. They were disheartened because their own clan did not have any good candidate, but they were also relieved and thankful for the fact that Sorcerer Sprite Master had been able to achieve a breakthrough of the second bottleneck at the very last minute.

Just as they were feeling out of sorts regarding this major opportunity of transcending a reincarnation era, an unexpected line came from Duan Dong River: “None from the pulse of the Divine Eye Clan qualify. Thus all must die.”

This immediately caused all seven true masters to blank out. It was as though they had been given a good slap right in the face!

The seven true masters felt a surge of despair and anger. Why must he sever all chances for their Divine Eye Clan to try to transcend reincarnation? Why? Why must it be so unfair? Why?

Now, they all knew why. It was because of a request from a friend of Duan Dong River. Because this friend had made a request, the Divine Eye Clan had lost their chance—to the extent that two great universe supreme masters and numerous elites had to die!

“Who?”

“Who the hell is it?”

“This friend of Duan Dong River! Who the hell is he?” First True Master let out a roar of rage.

At that moment, the entire first miniature universe seemed to undergo a mind-blowing change between heaven and earth. Slight tremors could be felt.

“Who was the one who severed all our chances? Who?”

All the other true masters were similarly in extreme agony and rage.

Within Ice Cliff Fortress, there were 28 candidates from the pulse of the Divine Eye Clan, and all of them were in despair, anger, grievance, and reluctance.

“Lord Duan Dong River!” Second True Master transmitted his voice, which was filled with anger but still maintaining sanity. “For this round of inheritance, our Divine Eye Clan has abided with all your requirements, warding off that monster Cuello, decoding the Rhinoceros Emperor Game—all of which were done without any acts of sabotage. Now, because of a request from someone whom none of us knows, you are going to exterminate the entire pulse of our Divine Eye Clan?”

Duan Dong River looked down at Ice Cliff Fortress and said a detached tone, “Exterminating you all is a small matter that I happen to have chanced upon.”

“Is there no chance that you could change your mind?” Second True Master was still reluctant to give up.

Duan Dong River merely snorted his reply. “How ridiculous.”

Upon hearing his reply, Second True Master finally gave in to his despair and shouted angrily, “Duan Dong River, you are merely an old fellow who has died umpteen reincarnation eras ago! Just who are you to think of exterminating my entire pulse of Divine Eye Clan? Not so easy! I really will like to see just how great the power of a dead fellow like you can be.”

Seventh True Master’s voice also resounded: “Duan Dong River, just who is that friend of yours? Who would want to exterminate the pulse of my Divine Eye Clan?”

“Who?”

“Who is it?”

Other angry voices shouted. They were all eager to know which bastard would want to cause the entire Divine Eye Clan to fall into such a desperate situation.

“No rush,” said Duan Dong River, looking down at them. “I will let you all know.” Then he pointed somewhere into the distance.

Hua!

One of the walls within the hall suddenly split into two, revealing a passageway. Every great being from the various groups of powers from the Universe Ocean all looked over, as they were all eager to know just who would be able to cause Divine Eye Clan to fall into such a predicament.

“Huh?” Luo Feng also looked toward that passageway. He could vaguely see a blurred figure walking out slowly. He was covered in golden scales and took the form of a human. Behind him, he had a pair of golden wings, and nine pairs of eyes swept the crowd. But no one dared to look him straight in the eyes.

“It’s him?” Luo Feng was shocked when he recognized the great being who had stepped out. “Thundercoat Devil God?”

Thundercoat Devil God was a lone wandering universe supreme master from the second reincarnation era. Among all the universe supreme masters, he was considered average, and because he did not have a supreme true treasure, the true treasure “Thundercoat” made him a name for himself. It was merely a treasure like Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor. Within Universe Ocean, he was one of the universe supreme masters who maintained an extremely low profile.

“Thundercoat?”

“It’s him?”

“Duan Dong River’s friend is Thundercoat Devil God?”

Not only was Luo Feng was taken aback, but all the groups of powers from East Emperor Holy Land, Purple Moon Holy Land, and the three reincarnation eras were shocked beyond words. Thundercoat Devil God—who kept such a low profile that there was almost no news about him at all—was unexpectedly associated with the matter of wanting to exterminate the Divine Eye Clan.

Second True Master was still in disbelief. “Thundercoat? Are you the one who requested that Duan Dong River sever the only chance for my Divine Eye Clan? You even want to exterminate the pulse of my Divine Eye Clan?”

“Thundercoat? It’s you?” Seventh True Master also could not believe his eyes.

Thundercoat Devil God was just walking out of the passageway. At times, he would show a hideous expression. At other times, he would be laughing heartily but silently. He seemed to be a little out of control, and the moment he raised his head in soundless laughter, his entire body was slightly trembling. Through gritted teeth, he said, “That’s right. It’s me. It’s me, Thundercoat. I, Thundercoat, am the one manipulating everything behind the scenes! I am the one who broke off all chances for your pulse of the Divine Eye Clan. I am the one who wanted to exterminate you all! Second True Master and Seventh True Master… Haha! Just the dozen of you universe masters… Haha…” Thundercoat Devil God’s voice was trembling.

“You deserve to die!” Seventh True Master bellowed.

“Thundercoat Devil God, you deserve death!” Second True Master also shouted at the top of his lungs.

In the great hall of Ice Cliff Fortress, voices were heard in succession.

Thundercoat Devil God stood at the same spot with an aloof smile as he gazed at Ice Cliff Fortress. “Deserve to die? I deserve death? You all are the ones who deserve to die! You and all of your Divine Eye Clan ought to die! Death-deserving Divine Eye Clan! When you all were fighting for a supreme true treasure, it was seven true masters joining forces to lay siege on Kong Luo and me. How vicious you all were. Kong Luo died… and I had to flee for dear life…” Thundercoat Devil God gritted his teeth and continued. “What easy targets for bullies we were, Kong Luo and myself, without being powerful enough, and without any supreme true treasure… Right. We were, indeed, ideal for bullying…”

“You all from Divine Eye Clan are so powerful… Throughout Universe Ocean, you are the only power that is comparable to the two great holy land universes. I am just a nobody with no supreme true treasure at all. How am I going to fight against you? Before you, Divine Eye Clan, I stand alone. And I possess no formidable power. Am I considered anything at all?” Thundercoat shook his head. Then he laughed crazily. “I bet you did not expect this! This time, all of you have fallen for my plot!” Thundercoat Devil God was staring hard at Ice Cliff Fortress, and his eyes seemed to be burning with flames. “Who would have thought that I, Thundercoat Devil God, who stands alone with the weak power I wield, could bring such great loss to you Divine Eye Clan?”

“Why would Duan Dong River listen to you!” A hoarse voice sounded from within Ice Cliff Fortress.

“Because… I am the very first one to enter this Boat of Mausoleum!” Thundercoat Devil God revealed with a cold laugh.

Silence.

Luo Feng and all were in great shock. To learn that… to learn that they were not the first to enter the Boat of Mausoleum after all. It was Thundercoat Devil God? Yet from the looks of it, it seemed that he was speaking the truth. All of the great beings had just arrived at this hall, but Thundercoat Devil God had been here all along and had even made friends with Duan Dong River.

Thundercoat Devil God laughed heartily and said, “Why do you think the Boat of Mausoleum is here? The Boat of Mausoleum should originally appear at the core land of the Universe Boat. The core is where universe supreme masters do not dare to intrude, as they only dare to traverse familiar regions; when the Boat of Mausoleum appeared, not even one of you knew… If I were a universe supreme master—and even until the end, I am unable to receive that inheritance—do you all think you stand a chance for a turn? This is why I struck a deal with Duan Dong River. In fact… All of you should thank me.” Thundercoat Devil God’s gaze swept through the crowd and stopped when it reached Luo Feng. “Especially you, human Milky Way. All the more, you should thank me.”

Luo Feng merely smiled.

Thundercoat Devil God also laughed and said, “I should thank you, too. Thank you for performing so well—for being among those with the greatest potential. And for not letting the Divine Eye Clan snatch the first position away.”

There was silence throughout Ice Cliff Fortress.

None of them had expected that Thundercoat Devil God, who seemed so harmless and weak without any supreme true treasure, could bring such a great loss to the Divine Eye Clan! Usually, only universe masters at the level of Five Chaos Master, Shadow Dust Master, and Sorcerer Sprite Master would dare confront Thundercoat in battle, and they would, at most, be able to bring him to a disadvantageous position. At this moment, all of them were aware that they were in a troublesome situation.

Thundercoat Devil God said softly, “I gave you, Divine Eye Clan, a chance to enter. I let you all rejoice and go crazy with joy! And then… at your most exciting moment, I shall drive you all straight to despair!” Thundercoat Devil God gave a cold smile. “If you Divine Eye Clan had anyone at all, who could possibly emerge as the winner at decoding the Rhinoceros Emperor Game, then I would have something to vex over. After all, Duan Dong River will not allow me to kill the one with the highest potential. But you, Divine Eye Clan are so useless… you are destined for total annihilation!”

“Aren’t you afraid of us, the Divine Eye Clan?” Second True Master, who was also in Ice Cliff Fortress, retorted with a cold smile. “Who else could have potential great enough to be ranked number one? Wouldn’t it be that instead of putting us in distress, you are actually helping our clan, albeit unknowingly?”

“Haha…” Thundercoat Devil God snorted. “Firstly, I do not trust the three reincarnation eras and two holy land universes. Instead, I allowed your clan to be ranked first. Secondly, I am prepared. If you, Divine Eye Clan, were to be so lucky as to produce a great being of boundless potential… then I would rather face annihilation myself. But I will do it while dragging this great being to death along with me.” He turned to look up at Duan Dong River with a slight bow. “Lord Duan Dong River, please pardon my disrespect.”

“I can understand.” Duan Dong River nodded slightly.

Thundercoat Devil God smiled. It was a relaxed smile. “Lord Duan Dong River, this hatred has been kept in my heart for much too long. I finally have the chance to voice it. Lord Duan Dong River, you may take action now.”

“All right.” Duan Dong River nodded.

Take action? 28 great beings from the pulse of Divine Eye Clan, who were all within Ice Cliff Fortress, started to panic right away.

“Thundercoat, you want to exterminate us all?” Second True Master roared. “I would like to see how this old fellow, who has been dead for umpteen reincarnation eras, could have the ability to exterminate us all!”

“You will know soon.” Thundercoat Devil God’s eyes flashed a trace of sympathy, then he snorted, “And after you are all annihilated, your supreme true treasures will belong to me.”

“Come, come, let us see how powerful this dead fellow can be!” Second True Master and Seventh True Master bellowed.

Hong!

Ice Cliff Fortress suddenly transformed into light and brought with it an immeasurable power as it crashed right toward Thundercoat Devil God.

“Freeze!” Duan Dong River looked down and pointed into the distance.

Hua!

The surfaces of the walls within the entire hall started to release countless golden secret engravings, which took the form of golden threads that converged in midair, then surged toward Ice Cliff Fortress in a frenzied manner. Like silk over a cocoon, these golden threads wrapped up Ice Cliff Fortress, layer over layer, to completely bind and restrain it.

Hong!

Ice Cliff Fortress struggled with all its might, causing the surrounding void space to tremble. But the countless golden threads restrained Ice Cliff Fortress with such concrete layers that there was no way it could force its way out.

“Only restraining, yet not exterminating.” A voice was heard from within Ice Cliff Fortress. “This supreme true treasure is, after all, truly a supreme true treasure!”

“How ridiculous.”

Duan Dong River looked down and gently pointed to the ground, which instantly split apart to reveal a deep abyss. Within that abyss, bouts of a terrifying aura were spreading out. Ice Cliff Fortress, under the restraint of the countless golden threads, seemed to be forced to move toward the ground with the entrance into the abyss.

“The secret technique left within this hall may not be able to exterminate you all, but the other dangerous lands that I have left within my inheritance will be more than enough to complete the deed. Supreme true treasure? How ridiculous! In my homeland… there is no such thing as a supreme true treasure.” Duan Dong River shook his head with a sneer.

Hua!

Ice Cliff Fortress was struggling like mad. In it, Second True Master and Seventh True Master were bellowing, but they were unable to stand against the countless golden threads pushing them directly into the terrifying abyss. There was a loud crash. Then—

Bang! Pow!

The entrance of the abyss closed, and the area where the ground had split open was returned to its original state. Peace resumed.


Chapter 1239: The Resistance of Ice Cliff Fortress

The aura alone dissipated by the deep abyss that Ice Cliff Fortress was dragged into was enough to instill fear within Luo Feng.

“This ancient civilization that has been dead for umpteen reincarnation eras, truly has very impressive methods. It is, indeed, a civilization worthy of creating the Universe Boat! Just Duan Dong River’s remodeling of the Boat of Mausoleum alone was able to make the Boat of Mausoleum so terrifying.”

Over 200 great beings in the hall were listening intently; they wanted to listen to the voices from within the Ice Cliff Fortress, to judge what the fate of the pulse of Divine Eye clan would be.

“After all, that is a supreme true treasure palace. It would be difficult to die in there.”

“Haven’t you heard? In Duan Dong River’s hometown, that ancient civilization does not have such a thing known as a supreme true treasure.”

“The writings found on countless true treasures belonged to that civilization, so obviously, those countless true treasures were left behind by that ancient civilization… Since Duan Dong River dared to say so, then I’m afraid he really is certain about it.”

“No such thing known as a supreme true treasure? What do you mean?”

Several great beings could not help discussing discreetly.

Similarly, countless thoughts were surging in Luo Feng’s mind.

Right. That ancient civilization was incomparably powerful and had many beings who were more powerful than universe supreme masters. Even the ancestors of the two holy lands might not be a match for the pinnacle existences of that ancient civilization. With such a high field of vision, their way of viewing weapons would naturally be different. Based on his own experience within the space of the wings and various other adventures while roaming about for all these years, he had come to know that supreme true treasures were also different in terms of strength! Some were strong, the others were weak!

In the eyes of the weaker ones, they were unable to unleash the ultimate power of supreme true treasures, so naturally, they were not able to judge which was strong and which was weak. However, to the ancestor of the holy lands—to Duan Dong River—in the hands of a more terrifying existence, the ability to judge the strength of those true treasures came easily.

Therefore, there was no such thing as a true treasure known to that ancient civilization.

As for the so-called supreme true treasures, the ancient civilization had a clearer way to differentiate them. It was just that, that differentiation method was of little significance to him. Because in the current era, the most powerful beings were the universe supreme masters.

As for the ancestors of the two holy lands? They had never stepped out of their holy land universes before! The groups of powers from the outside world were all suspicious of whether these two ancestors were still alive or not.

“Shi Wu Wings was actually composed of six pairs of wings.” Luo Feng nodded silently. “According to the snippets of memories from the spirit of the wings… there must have been two super great beings exchanging blows, and that caused Shi Wu Wings to become damaged. For such an incredible true treasure as Shi Wu Wings could be reduced to such a state, how terrifying could these two super great beings be? The most likely guess would be great beings from an ancient civilization.”

Upon comparison with the ancient civilization, after endless reincarnation eras, the deterioration of power was obviously severe. It would be so inferior that it might be rendered incomparable to that civilization.

Just as Luo Feng was thinking about that ancient civilization, imagining how impressive it was, speculating why it disappeared with the passing of time—

Hua!

The ground within the hall split apart again, and at the spot where it split, a terrifying aura was exuded.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Three streaks of light flew out, and then suspended right before Thundercoat Devil God; these three items were, namely, a fist-sized ice jade sculpture of Ice Cliff Fortress, a strange-looking beast statue, and a dazzling tri-color pearl.

“These three treasures,” said Duan Dong River. “Based on your method of categorization, two are supreme true treasures, and the remaining one is more unique. It may not be as powerful as a supreme true treasure, but I find it quite suitable for you.” Duan Dong River looked down and smiled. “Thundercoat, do accept it.”

Thundercoat Devil God looked blankly at the three treasures before him. His eyes reflected complicated emotions.

“These—these three treasures…”

“Ice Cliff Fortress?”

“Isn’t that True God Sector?”

“Phantom Heart Pearl?”

The 200-plus great beings, especially the five universe supreme masters, could tell at first glance. Jealousy arose within them all, but the next moment, there was an uproar among them!

“Ah, these three treasures. Could it be the pulse of the Divine Eye clan has been annihilated?”

“Second and Seventh True Masters are both within the Ice Cliff Fortress. Could it be they both have died?”

“Those universe masters who are able to self-destruct early enough can rely on their ability to divide their bodies and increase their chances of survival. But Second True Master and Seventh True Master do not have other divided bodies. They could not escape even if they wanted to. These two universe supreme masters have their own supreme true treasures with them. How could they have been killed so easily?”

“Too, too…”

“This—this is simply…”

“That ancient civilization is simply terrifying.”

Over 200 great beings were smacking their tongues disdainfully.

To the great beings, a supreme true treasure palace was an absolute safe place unless one was so reckless as to charge into another miniature universe, try enter a core ground, or tired of living to foolishly try to break through a reincarnation era or doing things that were out of the norm… If not any of these, then it would be impossible to bypass the protection of the supreme true treasure palace to annihilate the existence living within it.

Field of vision! Based on Duan Dong River’s field of vision, of course he would know that there was no such thing like an absolutely invincible true treasure. In his eyes, Ice Cliff Fortress… He speedily came to a verdict for the strengths and weaknesses of Ice Cliff Fortress.

Over 200 great beings in the hall were surprised and envious. After all, they were talking about two true treasures and an Illusion Heart Pearl, whereby Illusion Heart Pearl was a unique treasure suitably used for executing illusionary attacks. Also, it had the function of guarding one’s soul and was an extremely powerful treasure useful for soul-related areas. Thundercoat Devil God was a born natural in the execution of illusions. Thus, he was a suitable choice to entrust this treasure to.

“Illusion Heart Pearl will easily recognize you as its master.” Duan Dong River looked down and said, “As for the remaining two supreme true treasures, if your willpower is strong enough, you can also get Ice Cliff Fortress to recognize you as its master… True God Sector is the only difficult one. Getting it to recognize someone as its master is extremely difficult. You need to go back and ponder deeply. Spend some time with it. Perhaps you may still succeed.”

Thundercoat Devil God nodded with great excitement. He was not one to waste time either; on the spot, he quickly got to the task of the recognition of a master. The process of getting Illusion Heart Pearl and Ice Cliff Fortress to recognize him as their master was accomplished in one swift move.

“Haha… I may have various pinnacle true treasures, but the only one that is truly unique is Thundercoat.” Thundercoat Devil Master sighed. “Always being close to fighting and killing, but my skill of illusions never did have a good treasure to complement it. Now, with Illusion Heart Pearl, my means of attack are much stronger. Furthermore, with Ice Cliff Fortress as protection, the Divine Eye clan…”

Thundercoat Master’s nine pairs of eyes were twinkling but with a murderous shine. This evoked sighs from the other 200-odd great beings. The poor Divine Eye clan. With this great boost in power, would Thundercoat Devil God let them off easily the moment he got out?

“Thank you, Lord Duan Dong River.” Thundercoat Devil God was so filled with gratitude that he gave a deep bow.

“We are done here.” From where he sat high up in his throne, Duan Dong River gave a slight nod. “You may also take your leave. As for the other candidates…”

Duan Dong River swept his gaze the other 200 odd great beings. “Getting in contact with the inheritance is going to commence right away. Once you get into contact with the inheritance, those who failed must die, and to die means the annihilation of the soul. You various bodies will all perish. All of my pulse must have a soul to be able to start cultivation, so I have chosen only those of you with souls… So, naturally, I have my means of dealing with souls.”

Over 200 great beings were present, but every single one was in for a shock.

Yes. Indeed, the magicube instrument had been the key. Rock Giant Master, the Skeleton clan, and a few other life forms had been eliminated because they were soulless. As for the other rock life forms—plant life forms who were able to enter thereafter—were unique and all had souls.

“Only Milky Way and Blue Blood made it past the third bottleneck,” Duan Dong River said coldly, looking down. “The two of them are the most hopeful ones. And the four who managed to break through the second bottleneck… You all also have a trace of hope. As for those who made it past the first bottleneck, unless you display an outburst of potential within a short period of time, you will only be here to make up the numbers.”

“Now,” he continued. “Thundercoat and the other five universe supreme masters… I will send them off. If any of you here decide to give up, you should quickly make your choice now. This is your last chance!”

Duan Dong River’s voice resonated about the entire hall; the entire hall was in dead silence.

From the very beginning, Duan Dong River had given the candidates many chances to give up and back out. So long as they did not get into contact with the inheritance, there was always some leeway, yet if they got in contact with it, that would change. Which was why this was their last chance for survival. Even Second True Master and Seventh True Master, who had hidden in Ice Cliff Fortress, were annihilated. Who else would dare to entertain thoughts of being fortunate enough to escape death?

“I’m out!”

“I’m out!”

“I’m out!”

Quickly, great beings started standing up, one after another, to volunteer their retreat. Peng Gong Master of the human race from the primal universe—who had managed to pass the first bottleneck— another universe knight, and an undying godly soul all chose to back out of the competition.

“Both of you will retreat,” Huge Axe Creator instructed from the virtual universe. “Being able to make it through the first bottleneck, you have already proven that you have extraordinary potential. Going on to vie for the inheritance would only mean courting death… Our race has Luo Feng here. It will be pointless for both of you to go. Peng Gong, you are one of the great beings supporting our race. There is no need for you to meet your end this way.”

“Understood.”

“You shall back out. As for other great beings from our race, let them try for a breakthrough! Remember, bring as many true treasures back as you can. A loss of so many true treasures will be a great blow to our race.”

“Understood.”

“Other great beings from our Holy Land will all try to break through the bottlenecks. You must gather enough information about the inheritance. You shall back out, too, and bring the supreme true treasure back.”

“Understood.”

Various groups of powers were making speedy arrangements.

Due to various reasons—be it to bring back their true treasures, or because the leaders were unwilling to see a certain great being from their clan becoming ashes and dust—regardless of whatever reason, the number of retreating figures in that hall was soaring.

A short moment later, in that faintly hazy hall within the Boat of Mausoleum, the number of great beings who decided to stay and continue to keep in contact with the inheritance dropped to 236. The others had decided to leave.

“All of you quickly leave.” Duan Dong River pointed far away.

Hong! Long!

The floodgate of the corridor opened.

“Exit through the same route you came in by!” Duan Dong River shouted.

Six universe supreme masters (including Thundercoat), several universe masters, and a small number of universe knights and undying godly souls speedily flew through the corridor and quickly disappeared in the distance.

Hong! Long! Long!

The floodgate was lowered to shut the place off again. The remaining 236 great beings in the hall were all resolute.

Even if we die! We must send some information back!

Luo Feng looked around, secretly in deep respect for out of the remaining 236. It was fated for 235 to be annihilated! Only he, Luo Feng, and Blue Blood Knight had the highest hope of survival. The other great beings were there to take a risk, especially those who merely passed the first bottleneck. It was almost as though they were there to meet doomsday.

Every clan could rise and establish its footing in its own reincarnation era. This was because the great beings of that clan were willing to stand out at the zero hour! In fact, all great beings had made their way up from the bottom and had encountered countless life-and-death situations. They had long since looked upon death lightly and expressed more interest in whether their deaths were worthy or worthless.

For their clan to be able to transcend reincarnations to attain eternal existence, dying would be worth the price!

“All of you here are on the path of no return.” Duan Dong River stood up. “It is fate’s calling that only one of you will receive the inheritance from the pulse of Duan Dong River. Follow me.”

Duan Dong River turned back to look at the throne.

Hong!

The throne and stone wall behind it suddenly split apart to reveal a vast and spacious individual space where there were endless splashing sounds of waterfalls. The fragrance of flowers wafted through the air; there was even the faint chirping of birds and the loud roars of beasts.

“This is the space of inheritance of the pulse of my Duan Dong River.” There was a remote quality to Duan Dong River’s eyes, and he slowly said, “Almost every generation of great beings was here in this space to receive the inheritance. It was just the same for me.”


Chapter 1240: The Hope of the Race

At the gate of Boat of Mausoleum, great beings like North True Star Master from Eastern Emperor Holy Land heard a cold voice when seeing candidates like Thundercoat Devil God and Tie Bu Demon Master quit: “All of you, get out of Boat of Mausoleum now. The gate is closing. If you don’t, you won’t have the chance anymore.”

“The gate is closing?”

“Only one who’s exposed to the inheritance can survive, and he’ll be the next Duan Dong River! Others will all have to die.”

“Go!”

North True Star Master and other great beings all started to fly out of the gate. They made it just before it closed. Everyone sighed when they looked back at the gate.

“I really admire you, Thundercoat Devil God.”

“I can’t believe you were the one who planned this inheritance, and you made the Divine Eye clan suffer such a huge loss. The Divine Eye clan must hate your guts now.”

The great beings all watched Thundercoat Devil God, but none of them were hostile toward him. For one thing, he was the reason they had discovered the inheritance of Duan Dong River. For another, Thundercoat Devil God had only made the Divine Eye clan suffer a loss. In a way, he had just helped them eliminate a huge enemy. Besides, Thundercoat Devil God owned Ice Cliff Fortress now, so it was almost impossible to kill him. With “True God Sector,” he would be one of the toughest universe supreme masters in Universe Ocean. Besides, he was a lone universe supreme master, so lots of powers would long to befriend him.

“I want them to hate me,” Thundercoat Devil God snorted. “The more they hate me, the better. I was already a universe supreme master, yet I was still humiliated by the Divine Eye clan, and my best friend Kong Luo was killed by them… I don’t belong to a particular race, and I don’t ask for anything else. I only want the Divine Eye clan to regret what they did, and I want them all to die!”

All the great beings were dazed. The poor Divine Eye clan! His hostility toward them was so strong!

Sorcerer Sprite Master reported it to the avatars of the five remaining true masters. “True masters, Ice Cliff Fortress was drawn in the abyss, and Second True Master asked those who had multiple bodies to self-destruct to survive! Which is why everyone with multiple bodies blew themselves up and escaped death.”

The survivors all described what they saw.

“That abyss contains unbelievable power, and there must be techniques like illusions.”

“Second and the Seventh True Master couldn’t withstand it.”

The five true masters couldn’t look more upset. They’d already known what had happened. This was the greatest chance for the Divine Eye clan to transcend incarnations, yet that Thundercoat Devil God showed up and not only took away their opportunity but also killed the second and seventh true master. Two universe supreme masters and two important true treasures!

The seven true masters had a combined technique before. However, after the deaths of two of them, their power tumbled.

“Damn it!” Sixth True Master looked belligerent.

“Thundercoat Devil God, goddamn Thundercoat Devil God! You dared to destroy our hope. We should’ve killed you!” Fifth True Master roared.

“Who could’ve expected him to be lucky enough to find that Boat of Mausoleum first?” said Third True Master. “A mediocre universe supreme master who has no supreme true treasures… And he didn’t avenge himself after what happened. He’s just lucky. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have happened. Damn it! He destroyed our biggest chance, and he killed the seventh and second…”

“Second and Seventh brother…” First True Master whispered, looking agonized.

“If we can’t transcend incarnations, we need to at least die with that Thundercoat Devil Master!” said Fifth True Master furiously.

“Calm down.” First True Master opened his eyes and shook his head. “That shouldn’t be our concern. We’re approaching our true death, so we need to fight for a chance to survive. If we can’t transcend incarnation, our glory will go away forever, and nobody will remember who we are after a couple of universe eras.”

As the Divine Eye clan was grieving, Eastern Emperor Holy Land and the human race from the original universe had their hopes kindled anew. The ancient ancestor from Eastern Emperor Holy Land was talking with Blue Blood Knight and You Zan Master. Apparently, this ancestor had high expectations for the two of them. Huge Axe Creator and Primal Chaos City Leader were talking with Luo Feng while Purple Moon Ancestor was talking with Deer Bug Master.

All the powers looked forward to it, and the burden was borne by those candidates. They had already decided to be exposed to inheritance, which was a path of Extremis. Those who bore the best chance were Luo Feng and Blue Blood Knight, and the others would almost certainly die. What they needed was to pass some information back to their race before they died.

Huge Axe Creator looked at Luo Feng. “It’s very difficult to transcend incarnations. Even Teacher Origin couldn’t guarantee success. I’m still weaker than Teacher Origin, so I’m still far from incarnation transcendence. There are only two holy lands after all those universe eras, so you can imagine how difficult it is to transcend incarnations. Even though I’m very confident in myself, I can’t guarantee success in three universe eras. However, this is the best chance that we humans have, and you’re the top candidate.

“We humans used to be weak, but under the lead of Teacher Origin, we started to rise and became a pinnacle race among the original universe. We’ve been through countless wars with other races, and several times, we almost went extinct. Now, we humans are powerful, so countless human descendants can play in the virtual universe without concerns. And we have abundant resources to train ourselves, making many races our subsidiaries. We are the strongest race. We have the most powerful hearts! We’re not willing to submit to others… Which is why we won’t just wither away.”

Huge Axe Creator gazed at Luo Feng. “What we want is to exist forever and to become even more powerful than the two holy lands, rivaling that ancient civilization and creating a better civilization! This is a great chance! Every great being has a turning point before he rises, and the same rules apply to a race… This opportunity you have is a critical turning point, and we’re at a crossroads now. Our fate depends on you.”

Huge Axe Creator stared at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng nodded. “I’ll do everything I can.”

It was a beautiful world with strange beasts flying as if showing off their feathers. Some of them left traces of fiery light while others were gleaming. In the distance, there were shadows of strange beasts, and some showed a part of their bodies in the lakes farther away.

“This is the space of inheritance,” Duan Dong River said, standing in the sky. “Every generation of Duan Dong River received their inheritance here.”

All the other great beings were standing behind him. The gate was already open, which meant they didn’t have a way out. However, the candidates didn’t have the mental capacity to care about that, as they were all looking forward to the inheritance wholeheartedly. At the same time, they were also shocked at how the long space of inheritance had existed.

“It’s claimed to be space of inheritance!” Duan Dong River exclaimed. “But it can absorb energies—all sorts of power including the chaos airflow in Universe Ocean—so that the space can maintain its stable, and so lives inside the space can prosper.”

The candidates were surprised by what Duan Dong River had said, but they accepted it quickly; they were used to it already. Even though great beings couldn’t absorb chaos airflow, only miniature universes and the original universe could absorb chaos airflow. This rule didn’t apply to the ancient civilization. Just like Universe Boat, and just like the space of inheritance, it had existed for an eternity.

“And now, you’ll learn about the inheritance.” Duan Dong River pointed to the distance. “Look!”

The candidates all followed.

Gleaming doors showed up on the plain, and there were pictures on the doors. One of the pictures showed a great being controlling tens of thousands of traces of golden light to attack, and there were other scenes on other pictures.

“The inheritors of Duan Dong River were great at all sorts of different skills—close combat, distant combat, weapon making.” Duan Dong River pointed into the distance. “There are 820 entrances in total, and each entrance leads to a different basic inheritance. One entrance only accepts one inheritor. Milky Way, you can choose first, and Blue Blood, you’re the second, and so on and so forth. This is only the basic inheritance to test whether you’re a fit for Duan Dong River. Only one of you will be the real inheritor, and he’s the only one who can get the real core inheritance.”

“Start,” ordered Duan Dong River. He looked at Luo Feng. “Milky Way, you start first.”

“Yes, Master Duan Dong River.” Luo Feng bowed and turned into a beam of light, approaching the 820 spaces.


Chapter 1241: Inheritance of the Blade

Numerous space entrances radiating golden lights were suspended in midair, side-by-side. There was a total of 820 of them.

“This is only the basic inheritance. I did not expect to find so many different kinds.”

Luo Feng started to take a concrete form. Suspended in midair, his gaze swept across the doors radiating light as he carefully observed and tried to understand what kind of inheritance each entrance represented.

The basic inheritance… This was not that important to the pulse of Duan Dong River, so it would not mean much even if it were to be passed on to outsiders. That was why it was used to conduct the final round of selection! Yet this “basic inheritance” that could be passed to outsiders—because it meant little to the ancient civilization —was something extraordinary to Luo Feng and the various groups of powers in Universe Ocean. After all, this ancient civilization had been overwhelmingly powerful.

“The major groups can be categorized into close-combat type, long-range attack type, refining true treasure type, automaton type, and miscellaneous type.”

Luo Feng’s eyes swept through everything. For those items used to control material objects, as well as some other strange battle methods, Luo Feng classified all of them under the miscellaneous type.

Close-combat type, long-range attack type, and refining true treasure type were simple. And the automaton type was used to control automaton weapons!

On a small scale, examples of automaton weapons could be thermal weapons that earthlings used as firearms; on a larger scale, the entire Universe Boat could be considered a battleship, which was also a way of utilizing an automaton type true treasure. A battleship was an automaton type. When developed to its limit, it could be massive.

The pulse of Duan Dong River had countless great beings, and some who had lived for endless years might have other interests, so leaving behind such an automaton type as basic inheritance was normal.

“Now it’s time to choose an heir.” Luo Feng carefully observed the entrance of every lighted door. “Which is why I should choose what I am best at; if I were to choose something that I am unsure of, I’m afraid just going through the entrance would take me a long time.”

“The basic inheritance is merely the appetizer. The core inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River is the grand banquet.”

Luo Feng’s eyes rested on one of the space entrances radiating light rays. That space entrance had some patterns on it. On closer inspection, one could vaguely see a blurred human figure holding a blade and violently killing life forms. This, apparently, belonged to one of the close-combat types—the inheritance that consisted the use of “blade.”

“This is it.” Luo Feng nodded to himself.

Blade… Since he was young, he had been practicing blade techniques. Thereafter, he had acquired the ghost blade; even after he came to own Shi Wu Wings, he continued to use blade techniques. The series of techniques consisting of Golden Light, Fog Light, and Splitting Gold were all considered blade techniques. Through the studies of diagrams of secret engravings, he had also created a blade technique. Throughout the entire Universe Ocean, his understanding of blades would have been rated as top-notch.

“Lord Duan Dong River! I have made my choice.” Luo Feng turned to look afar and with reverence and said, “It shall be the one behind me.”

Having said that, Luo Feng had made his way to stand outside the entrance of the inheritance of the blade.

Behind Duan Dong River, there were over 200 great beings who instantly showed some displeasure. This was because they all wanted to choose the inheritance of the blade.

Among all the universe supreme masters, the majority were engaged in close combat. Thus, the blade was definitely one of the major classes of weapons. Among the 200-odd great beings, many were skilled in the use of blades. They all wanted to choose the inheritance of the blade. It was a pity that every basic inheritance could only accept one candidate, so they had to choose something else.

“All right, Blue Blood, your turn to choose,” Duan Dong River said.

“Yes, Lord Duan Dong River.” Blue Blood knight gave a slight bow. Then he transformed into a streak of light, flew toward the suspended space entrances, and started to choose what was most suitable for him.

“Next, Water Song.”

The candidates were sequenced to make their choices based on their performance during the Rhinoceros Emperor Game; toward the latter part, the remaining candidates could only grit their teeth in unhappiness at the few choices that were left for them, all of which they were unskilled in. For instance, refining true treasure type… It was highly possible that the final heir would emerge only as they finally managed to figure out an inkling of what they were dealing with.

Merely a short moment later, all the 200-odd great beings had made their choices. Every one of them were suspended before their chosen space entrance.

“All of you shall enter to start getting in contact with the basic inheritance,” Duan Dong River instructed in an aloof manner. “The moment an heir emerges… the rest of the candidates will be annihilated.”

“Understood.”

Over 200 great beings bowed with great respect, then turned around to fly into the space entrances that were radiating golden rays.

Duan Dong River watched the group of candidates enter with a complicated expression and mumbled to himself, “Space of inheritance is finally being used again. After how long? Just how long had it been? Much too long. So long that my memory has started to blur… When all of this ends, I can also face my own annihilation, as I no longer bear any shame toward my generations of ancestors.”

Luo Feng flew toward the space entrance, and suddenly, there was a change in time and space.

This was a chaotic world. The surroundings below were filled with a chaotic airflow while the atmosphere above was pitch-black. Only a single star hung high up, radiating light that shone upon everything beneath.

“Eh?” Luo Feng was treading on the chaotic airflow while looking all around him. Where was the inheritance of the blade?

Hua!

The star right in the middle of the vast, dark sky suddenly shot out a visible light pillar that moved to envelop Luo Feng. He made no attempt to shun it away. The instant the light pillar enshrouded him, a cold, mechanical voice sounded.

“Core competence—activating the core competence basic inheritance.”

Hong!

Instantly, a large quantity of information surged into Luo Feng’s mind.

Numerous blade manuals that were extremely detailed surged into his mind—from the understanding level for a universe knight, to gradually deepening to the profundity of the blade, to eventually reaching the level of a universe supreme master! Every blade manual was composed from a different perspective. Some were based on the golden space law, some were based on the water space law, and some were based on the earth space law. There was even a functional blade technique that was formed by combining the three most fundamental laws of gold, water, and earth. There were also some blade techniques that were formed by combining gold and time…

There were all kinds of blade techniques, but without any laws, they could not be combined.

A total of 360 blade manuals were transmitted into Luo Feng’s mind at once, sending him into a daze. His brain seemed to slow down beneath the onslaught of information. As there was a tremendous amount of information in every manual, even if Luo Feng had his godly power and willpower to help him bear the load of the information influx, it would still take more than two days for complete transmission.

“Wow! This is simply amazing.” Luo Feng was stupefied as he blinked. “Within that endless time I have spent on studying Rhinoceros Emperor Game, my achievement in studies of diagrams of secret engravings greatly improved, so if I want to create a combination that could qualify as a strongest technique, that should be quite easy. But if I want to create a technique at the level of a universe supreme master… that would be quite impossible.

“Yet these 360 sets of manuals—every one of them explained a blade technique that was at the level of a universe supreme master, and the instructions always started simple, progressing in complexity; every manual contained a strongest blade technique that was not at all inferior to the very first axe technique that Huge Axe Creator used.”

This blade manual did not just simply graze the surface level of a universe supreme master. It actually attained the limit of the highest level of a universe supreme master. Thus, it did not pale in comparison to the axe technique of Huge Axe Creator. And a manual such as this—a total of 360 similar ones—was pure insanity. It was likely that not a single group could achieve such an accomplishment in the field of blades.

Of course, these were blade techniques created by other great beings… and not what Luo Feng had created. So even if he were to master the technique, ultimately, the force he executed would never be as powerful as that executed by its creator.

The ultimate technique that truly suited oneself would be one’s own creation.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Suddenly—

The dazzling star in the dark night sky ejected three streams of brilliance. The three brilliant lights each contained a gigantic ice mountain. Three towering icebergs could be seen falling from the stars to land within the chaotic airflow; every ice mountain was millions of kilometers tall and clear and transparent like crystal. Within every ice mountain, vague rays would fly by from time to time like meteors.

Within the three icebergs, countless meteor-like rays were crisscrossing one another to form a beautiful picture. This was a gem that was nurtured by nature itself!

“You possess the core competence, so you are able to draw references from the 360 manuals left behind by generations of great beings,” said the cold, mechanical voice. “You are the first chosen candidate for this round of inheritance, so you can see the three mountains of blades. Every mountain of blades contains the engravings of the law of blades. The law of blades contains the ultimate power and reveals everything of the ultimate secrets; now that you can see the three mountains of blades, you can learn from the 360 blade manuals and try to create a brand new blade technique… When your blade technique reaches the requirements, you will become the newly appointed heir to the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River.”

When the cold, mechanical voice finished with its instructions, silence once again prevailed.

Luo Feng blinked.

Mountain of blades?

Luo Feng looked at the three mountains of blades before him. Within the three towering, crystal-clear icebergs, there were countless rays resembling meteors which were so dazzling and sparkling that the several laws that he had comprehended earlier were outshone. Every ray resembling a shooting star represented an engraving of law, and every bewitching ray contained an endless flow of mysteries.

“Simply unbelievable—it contains an ultimate power?” Luo Feng muttered under his breath. “I can feel its power. Indeed, it transcends any other law and seems to be filled with every other law possible.”

This was a power that transcended all the other laws. All great beings within the Universe Ocean had to undergo cultivation, during which they had to cultivate the path of laws. Only then could they gain the recognition of the primal universe to become universe knights and universe masters… But the engravings of this law—these beautiful engravings that took the form of meteor-like rays—were transcendent.

“What?”

Luo Feng expressed his astonishment.

He had tried in vain to simulate the three mountains of blades for the virtual universe but was dealt a great shock instead. It was too difficult.

Within every iceberg was a great quantity of meteor-like rays. Every moment, they were changing, and the changes were non-repetitive. Simulating a stationary image at a certain moment was a tough feat. It was even tougher to simulate a moving image that was changing every moment. Unless he did not want to cultivate it further.

“For the moment, I can’t simulate it further.” Luo Feng shook his head. “How about taking reference from the 360 manuals? How about viewing the mountains of blades? How about comprehending the blade techniques?”

Luo Feng held his breath. Since he was unable to simulate the mountains of blades for the virtual universe, he would give up on the simulation and put all his efforts into cultivation.

Luo Feng’s eyes drifted over to the three mountains of blades.

Within the mountains of blades with frost-capped peaks, countless meteor-like rays were dancing. They were stunning; he could vaguely catch sight of the dancing rays of a blade as various blade techniques floated into view.

Luo Feng could not withhold his shocked expression. These were, indeed, engravings of the laws of blades and definitely worthy enough to contain the ultimate power.

Luo Feng was multi-tasking, though. While observing the mountains of blades, he was also studying the various blade manuals. Countless blade techniques flashed across his memory.

He felt his heartbeats, and the countless meteor-like rays amidst the mountains of blades seemed to faintly form blades that were moving —moving along with his heartbeats…

Only upon understanding could one see the deeper secrets… These three mountains of blades were like three most ancient and powerful great masters of blades. Every blade had already reached its ultimate but was too profound to be fathomed. Luo Feng required the support from the 360 blade manuals to gradually unveil the three mountains of blades. In that process, Luo Feng’s internalized information on blade techniques was continuously on the rise.


Chapter 1242: Luo Feng’s Blade Technique

Luo Feng comprehended assiduously. Up against the three ice mountains, any great being would pale in comparison. And those beautiful law engravings that resembled meteor-like rays embodied the final, true secrets. Just looking at them was a kind of enjoyment, and they enabled Luo Feng’s understanding of blades to consistently increase by leaps and bounds.

Immersed in the process of comprehending, Luo Feng hardly noticed half a year go by. Although it was said to be half a year, his Remote Ocean body was comprehending within a miniature universe, which therefore brought the interval up to as long as 5,000 years.

“Combination? Star River Master may be formidable, but his so-called combination of secret technique, ‘River in the Dark,’ is beyond rigid.” Luo Feng gently shook his head. “First, it is similar to a miniature universe—a secret technique used to complement attacks. Although the combination was quite well done, the intention of forming this combination seems to arise from the need for a shortcut. This is the one true path we need to take if we want to come up with a combination of the strongest secret technique.”

A blade suddenly appeared in Luo Feng’s hands. It was Absolute Guest; since he had gained Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, the strongest battle technique he wielded was naturally Extermination God, so Absolute Guest was seldom used.

“Foggy Light,” Luo Feng whispered. “I achieved a breakthrough for this technique and have brought it to the state of a strongest secret technique, so now, I shall use Foggy Light… to create a combination.”

Because he was a high achiever in the studies of diagrams of secret engravings, he was able to comprehend quite a few strongest secret techniques while in the Boat of Mausoleum. He did likewise for Foggy Light, which was originally an ultimate secret technique of a universe overlord. He improved it to perfection, and thus, it reached the state of a strongest secret technique of a universe master.

Standing above the chaotic airflow and looking far into the distance at the three ice mountains, Luo Feng’s hand, which was holding Absolute Guest blade, suddenly moved.

Hua!

A hazy thread suddenly appeared in midair, left in mid-air by his blade. It was like a dream; it seemed to be filled with the essence of Foggy Light. Shortly after, another appeared. Thread after thread appeared continuously. Instantly, a tremendous number of dreamlike threads—enough to cover the entire space between heaven and earth—appeared in midair. As time passed, the speed at which the threads were being formed quickened, and the power of the threads grew more terrifying as they continued to burst out while gaining strength.

Hong!

Streams of hazy threads resembling fog continued to appear until, finally, they all transformed into a shadow of a blade that seemed to fill up the entire void space. As this blade shadow brushed past, it seemed to clean up the entire void space as though it were a piece of cloth. It wiped away everything. It might have seemed like a simple virtual shadow, but it wielded a power that could make one shudder and tremble.

“The first move… shall be named Foggy Light Void Space.”

Luo Feng laughed lightly. Creating a combination of strongest secret techniques was nothing too difficult for him these days, especially after spending such a long time on cultivation through concurrently studying the Rhinoceros Emperor Game and the secret techniques of the Ninth Deep Abyss. Be it the ability to comprehend or the ability to create secret techniques, he had long been highly accomplished.

If it was merely to create a combination of strongest secret techniques, Luo Feng was capable of going faster. Yet, after learning the secrets the three ice mountains contained and comprehending the 360 blade manuals, Luo Feng was no longer interested in resorting to such substandard, shortcut combinations of strongest secret techniques like River in the Dark. He was more oriented toward using a true combination of ultimate techniques!

The concept of Foggy Light Void Space was achieved by continuously superimposing and overlapping until the perfect limit was met. Then the ultimate power would be released!

That cold, mechanical voice suddenly resounded. “The first move of candidate’s blade technique has been created.”

Luo Feng was shocked and looked up at that star in the dark sky with a slight frown. “Seems like the blade technique I created is still under supervision…”

Whether it was truly his creation or not was, in fact, easy to tell; executing a technique that he created by himself, compared to executing someone else’s creation that he had acquired resulted in differing amounts of power being released.

“My combination of strongest secret techniques has yet to meet the requirements? The expectations must be very high.”

Luo Feng was no longer complacent over his creation, Foggy Light Void Space. He continued to comprehend the three mountains of blades.

Time passed, and the more he studied the inheritance of the blade, the more profound Luo Feng felt it was—to the extent that he started to feel dissatisfied with his earlier creation, Foggy Light Void Space. He wanted to create an even stronger blade technique.

Within Huge Axe Creator’s miniature universe, Remote Ocean body sat cross-legged with both eyes looking into the void space. A trace of godly power took the form of a fleeting human shadow that was executing moves from the various sets of blade techniques while numerous blade techniques were being created. The diagrams of secret engravings were extremely skilled in the creation of secret techniques to begin with. Even though Luo Feng’s starting achievements in the diagrams of secret engravings were merely at the level of a universe knight, he was still able to create Golden Light, which was an ultimate secret technique of a universe master— albeit by a stroke of luck.

To create secret techniques according to the laws and studying the diagrams of secret engravings to create secret techniques were fundamentally two different methods. Between the two, diagrams of secret engravings were more direct.

At that moment, Luo Feng’s was changing his mind as sets of blade techniques were emerging at an extremely fast rate—so fast that he practically found it unbelievable. This was how impressive the studies of diagrams of secret engravings was.

“Compared to the 360 blade manuals, my blade technique is shabby. The path of the golden space should be much stronger. Should be. Should be…”

Luo Feng felt a vague emotion stirring in his heart. After he spent such a long time comprehending the three mountains of blades, that feeling got even stronger, as though the burning passion in his heart was being suppressed by a layer that seemed impenetrable and impossible to break through. Within him, that feeling remained in deliberation.

As his comprehension of blade techniques deepened and his achievements in the diagrams of secret engravings increased, nearing the limit of a universe master, Luo Feng attained a clearer comprehension of what his next move should be.

In the blink of an eye, nine years had passed. In the land of inheritance, standing on the chaotic airflow, Luo Feng drew Absolute Guest blade from behind.

Clang!

The sound of the blade being wielded was transmitted throughout the void space.

“Upon flipping my palms… There will be one universe.”

Luo Feng was silently chanting.

“Rise!”

His blazing godly power was like the vast sky, and with Luo Feng as the core, it spread out to enshroud a part of the void space to form a world of its own. Shortly after, this miniature universe suddenly shrank and collapsed. As it collapsed, it transformed into streams of dazzling golden blade rays. Altogether, 10,081 streams of golden blade rays were densely packed together, complementing one another as they hacked toward the core position. It was like a giant star that had been destroyed, expanding one moment, then shrinking and transforming into a black hole the next. Its power was simply unbelievable.

Luo Feng’s face registered a highly emotional expression as he whispered, “This move has met the limit of the path of the golden space! The evolution of the golden space… 10,081 possibilities, all combined into one move. Only the destruction of the universe will be able to bear the weight of its power—a power so strong that it is even much stronger than the self-destruction of great being. This is a true combination of ultimate techniques. It may even be a notch higher than Five Chaos Master’s ultimate technique, which he created with adherence to the five great combination laws. This move shall be called ‘Golden Universe.’”

Excitement. Sobbing and sighs. Upon creating this move, Luo Feng knew that this move, which he had finally created upon exhausting all the comprehended secrets, was the true limit of the path of the golden space on its use of secret techniques. It was truly the one perfect move he had created.

“The second move of candidate’s blade technique has been created,” announced that cold, mechanical voice.

Luo Feng looked up at that star in the dark sky and waited silently for a moment. Then he frowned.

“Huh? I have already created this move, yet I am still unable to meet Duan Dong River’s expectation? This, this… Even this is not enough to meet Duan Dong River’s expectation? Could it be I must create a secret technique of a universe supreme master before I can meet his expectations?”

Foggy Light Void Space was a stellar combination of ultimate techniques. It was stronger than River in the Dark and probably comparable to Five Chaos Master’s Great Extermination ultimate technique. And Golden Universe was truly a perfect move he created upon exhausting all that he comprehended to meet the limit of the golden space. The way Luo Feng saw it, this was, theoretically, the true ultimate limit that he could reach for a secret technique at the level of a universe supreme master. There was no way he could further surpass it.

If these two moves he had created were still not enough to meet the requirements, there had to be something of a higher level that he had to create.

“Universe supreme master?” Luo Feng was frustrated. “What should I do?”

Becoming a universe supreme master was difficult. All the diagrams of secret engravings did not work out. With respect to the diagrams of secret engravings, Luo Feng’s peak was only at the limit of a universe master. Other paths might also be as such—unless Luo Feng chose to take a whole new path. Maybe then he could possibly achieve a breakthrough and become a universe supreme master.

If he was not a universe supreme master, yet he had to create a secret technique at the level of a universe supreme master, within the whole Universe Ocean, this could be said to be an impossible mission! Without a breakthrough, there was no way he could comprehend the secrets at that level.

Of course, previously, when Luo Feng’s achievement level in the studies of diagrams of secret engravings was only at the level of a universe knight, he had created Golden Light. Theoretically speaking, given his current achievement level in the studies of diagrams of secret engravings—which was near the limit of a universe master—it was possible for him to create a secret technique of a universe supreme master. Especially with the 360 blade manuals for reference and the three mountains of blades as guidance.

Theoretically, it was possible!

Since Duan Dong River had made this arrangement, and with the three mountains of blades as guidance, Luo Feng should be able to create a much stronger move. However, there was no precedence for this in all of Universe Ocean! It was too difficult!

“I will have to take a gamble.” Luo Feng gritted his teeth and decided to brave his way through it all.

In another land of inheritance within the space of inheritance, the handsome Blue Blood Knight looked at the two lofty ice mountains before him; within these ice mountains, there were countless meteor-like light rays dancing everywhere. Even if he could not decipher the secrets they carried, he still found them to be extremely beautiful.

“I have a feeling… a move has reached the ultimate limit of the path of time and space…” Blue Blood Knight mumbled to himself as he sought that feeling.

In another land of inheritance, on a chaotic airflow, Deer Bug Master sat cross-legged with brows furrowed in deep thought. Before him was a lofty ice mountain.

“With 36 manuals for reference, these law engravings contain the ultimate secrets…” said Deer Bug Master. “I am a sixth-tiered universe master to begin with. I have very easily created a perfect secret technique that can be said to be at the level of a universe master, and even moved on to creating two kinds of secret techniques in succession of one another. But, I have yet to meet the expected requirements. Could it be I must create a secret technique of a universe supreme master?”

Deer Bug Master was frustrated. He was a sixth-tiered universe master and had lived long enough to know all the secrets required to create secret techniques at the level of a universe master.

It was merely because a holy land universe was unable to breed universe supreme masters. Thus, he could only remain a universe master. Given his current power, if he were to be placed within the primal universe, he could be hopeful of breaking through and becoming a universe supreme master. And his current power was an accumulation of his experience over umpteen reincarnation eras. It was a rich accumulation, and this time around, he even had the help of Purple Moon Ancestor. Certainly, he would be able to achieve something remarkable.

“According to what Ancestor says, the law engravings are the true ultimate power. It is where all the laws are combined. With the help of the law engravings. It is indeed possible to comprehend, despite the difficulty involved. It all depends on one’s ability to comprehend.”

Deer Bug Master was extremely frustrated.

At that moment, several aged universe masters, particularly those from East Emperor Holy Land and Purple Moon Holy land—who had already created many combinations of strongest secret techniques— all seemed to be stuck at the same threshold.

It was just that those who passed the second bottleneck had 36 manuals for reference and an ice mountain to view. Those who passed the first bottleneck did not have any manual to start with. Only an ice mountain to view!

Wishing to meet Duan Dong River’s requirements merely based on this simple and basic inheritance was extremely difficult. Yet not a single great being dared to show any hint giving up. They were all trying their best. All of them coveted that slightest trace of a possibility—the trace of a possibility of receiving the core inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River.


Chapter 1243: A New Life

Unable to become a universe supreme master, yet having to create a secret technique that was on the level of a universe supreme master? This was like a gigantic barrier that nature had set before their paths, hindering Luo Feng, Deer Bug Master, You Zan Master, Blue Blood Knight, and the various other great beings. Within Universe Ocean, there could be simply no solution at all; Luo Feng’s teacher, Primal Chaos City Leader, would not be able to achieve it either, but now, Duan Dong River was obviously forcing them to succeed.

Time flew by. Within the blink of an eye, another three decades passed.

The virtual universe.

“Huge Axe Creator.” Luo Feng sat cross-legged with a great quantity of three-dimensional virtual shadows from the Rhinoceros Emperor Game surrounding him; his brows were furrowed as he looked at the primitive giant. “I have been thinking very hard, but I still cannot find a stronger blade technique. Would Huge Axe Creator like to give me some pointers on how I should advance?”

Huge Axe Creator, also seated cross-legged, replied, “Within that ancient civilization, the inheritance from the pulse of Duan Dong River is extremely powerful, so they set very stringent requirements for their heirs. For him to have such a demand, naturally there would be such a possibility.”

Luo Feng nodded. He was aware of that possibility… but where could he find it?

He had been studying and pondering diligently but had made no progress at all. This feeling was antagonizing. Besides, according to the golden space path, Golden Universe was theoretically at its perfect limit. How else could he achieve a breakthrough? If he himself could not find any traces of flaws, then there was no way he could further perfect it.

“The inheritance of the blade has bestowed you with 360 blade manuals and three mountains of blades,” Huge Axe Creator prompted in a hushed tone. “It must have its purpose for doing so.”

“I am also aware that to achieve a breakthrough, I will need to take reference from the 360 blade manuals and the mountains of blades,” said Luo Feng, “but how can I do so when I cannot seem to find traces of any possible ways?”

Luo Feng felt helpless. After creating Golden Universe, it might have seemed as though three decades had passed, but in truth, thirty eras had gone by. It had been thirty eras, yet he had not made any progress. Without any sign of a breakthrough, how could he not feel discouraged?

Huge Axe nodded. “I have asked Teacher Origin before.”

“Teacher Origin?” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up.

“Yes.” Huge Axe nodded, then slowly said, “Teacher Origin said… if you want a breakthrough, the source lies within the three mountains of blades!”

Luo Feng gave a slight frown as he muttered to himself in silence. The source was within the three mountains of blades?

Huge Axe Creator continued to say, “The three mountains of blades contain the ultimate mysterious existence that can possibly help you create a secret technique of the level of a universe supreme master, even though your achievement in the studies of diagrams of secret engravings is limited to the level of a universe master. This is what we mean by executing and creating, yet not necessarily truly understanding.”

“Executing and creating, yet not necessarily truly understanding?” Luo Feng nodded slightly.

“What Teacher Origin said makes sense,” Luo Feng whispered. “Previously, I was able to create Golden Light. Today I will be able to create something even stronger.”

Actually, judging from the experiences of countless great beings from the Universe Ocean, the possibility of creating a secret technique at the level of a universe supreme master was zero! Yet the three icebergs gave this situation a trace of hope.

Difficult!

Simply too difficult…

It was not just Luo Feng who was stuck at this stage. There were a few other great beings from East Emperor Holy Land who were stuck at the same stage, and even Blue Blood Knight, who had spent 20 years to create a perfect secret technique at the level of a universe master, was stuck at the same stage.

“Ancestor, there is no hope at all.” Blue Blood Knight sat on the leaf of a huge tree, filled with distress and anxiety. “Painstakingly, I searched, yet I could not find any inspiration at all.”

“Ancestor.” Yan Zan Master also wore an anxious expression. “East Emperor Holy Land has existed for an endlessly long time, and there wasn’t a single time when a universe master could create a secret technique at the level of a universe supreme master. How am I going to achieve a breakthrough? Do please give me some guidance, Ancestor!”

The other candidates simply sat cross-legged on the leaves of that huge tree and listened.

This was within a certain space belonging to East Emperor Holy Land where time was accelerated by 10,000 times. The entire plane was mainly occupied by an ancient tree that had countless leaves. At that moment, the great beings, including East Emperor Ancestor himself, sat cross-legged on the tree leaves.

“Those are engravings of laws that you all have yet to come across before.” East Emperor Ancestor’s entire being radiated a faint green light, and he was seated far away, where he slowly said, “Engravings of laws are where all the mysteries and secrets of laws can be found, with these engravings of laws as guidance… you will find that the door to progress will be opened for you!”

The group of great beings looked at one another. The door to progress would be opened?

“Comprehend carefully,” East Emperor Ancestor said without a second thought. “Do not allow yourself to slacken. When someone among you has finally comprehended the secret technique of a universe supreme master, then it is time for the other candidates to all be annihilated.”

“Understood,” a few dozen candidates answered deferentially.

Purple Moon Holy Land.

Purple Moon Ancestor smiled and looked down at the various candidates. “Since Duan Dong River gave you all mountains of icebergs, then by all means, the secret must lie within those engravings of the laws. Comprehend carefully, and you will gain something. Abandon all kinds of thoughts you had previously. Meticulously study and comprehend those engravings of laws from various perspectives.”

Deer Bug Master was among the first few to answer. “Understood.”

Great beings from other groups of powers of Universe Ocean were all at a loss for words when questioned by their own candidates. This was because even they had not seen those engravings of laws before, so they could only reply, “Since there is only a mountain of iceberg, then the path to take should naturally fall within the iceberg. We just have to comprehend carefully.”

The great beings who made it into the space of inheritance definitely gained much, especially the universe masters. Most of them originally only possessed the capability up to the fourth or fifth level, but under the guidance of the engravings of law, depending on the length of time spent, they were able to create, one by one, the most perfect combination of strongest secret technique at the level of a universe master.

If they could make it out alive, all of them would naturally become top-tiered existences at the fifth level. What a pity that out of them all, only one was fated to survive.

Years went by.

Luo Feng had thoroughly studied all 360 blade manuals and memorized them by heart. His whole mind and body were immersed into careful comprehension of the three icebergs… the engravings of laws…

“Just a single engraving of law.” Luo Feng’s gaze chased after that meteor-like light, which was flying high and low, creating streams of light shaped into perfect arcs. It looked simple, yet it contained endless meaning.

As he watched, that stream of light seemed to grow bigger and thicker, as though it was an incomparably large rainbow. The edges of the rainbow had countless blade shadows, which were either gentle like water, stable as a mountain, or fiery like flames. Every blade shadow had an extremely complex diagram of secret engravings—so complex that it far surpassed what Luo Feng had once seen before in the greatest, ultimate diagram of secret engravings found within the Ninth Deep Abyss.

This was something Luo Feng could not comprehend. Countless blade shadows perfectly conformed to one another to compose a gigantic rainbow. This rainbow resembled a simple stream of meteor-like light.

“Gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, light, lightning, space, gold space, water space, wooden space… even to water time, gold time. Uncountable secrets seemed to be completely fused, yet at times, they are only partially fused.”

Luo Feng was intoxicated by everything he saw. The engravings of laws were detached from any other individual law because it contained all the laws and all the mysteries.

“Huh?”

Luo Feng’s left eye kept watch on that meteor-like light while his right eye was engaged in watching the three mountains of icebergs and countless meteor-like light rays that were intertwining with one another to form the magnificent and unpredictable blade technique that was so mystical.

Left eye, right eye. One to the meteor-like light, the other to the three mountains of blades. Reflecting and mirroring one another. That was when a mystery arose…

Luo Feng was well-versed in the gold law, space law, and golden space law! As for the other laws, when he was studying the diagrams of secret engravings, he only managed to acquire scraps of information about them. Even though his comprehension was not high, there was still some understanding.

Which was why, when he was looking, Luo Feng could only distinctly identify the blade figure that was mainly based on Golden Space.

While looking, all the blade techniques in the 360 blade manuals were still hovering in his mind, appearing one by one and mirroring one another. With these in his mind, Luo Feng could even naturally create one blade technique after another, all in search of the feeling of looking at the engravings of laws. He could work hard on creating a blade technique with that sort of unique quality. It was just that the blade technique might be too weak or might already be incomplete from the very beginning. But Luo Feng was not bothered by those thoughts. He still continued creating.

Time passed.

Luo Feng was unaware of how much time had passed. He was completely immersed in the creating process. Unknowingly, he had finished the analysis of space law. He had even managed to acquire the skill of using all the secret techniques of wood law, water law, fire law, and earth law. Although he had not meant to comprehend these four fundamental laws, due to his overly profound comprehension, the way of utilizing the secret techniques of the four laws was naturally comprehended over time. If he’d had the intention to comprehend these four major laws, he would probably have achieved complete comprehension within two to three days.

“Gold… Space… Space… yet to become gold, wood, water, fire, earth… Annihilate… Gold…”

He did not know how long he spent on comprehending.

Space was originally divided into five different types, namely, gold, wood, water, fire, and earth. During his long period of comprehending, Luo Feng had familiarized himself with these five spaces, and when both eyes were looking at the icebergs, one would focus on the intrinsic qualities while the other would focus on the external phase in search of the ultimate secrets. Along the way, he had discerned a new route.

“This is the blade I am looking for!”

Luo Feng grasped Absolute Guest blade and silently rose to stand above the chaotic airflow. He wielded his blade!

A brilliant ray that sliced across the vast sky instantly. There was an upsurge of light rays that converged into a dark, gigantic sphere. Countless blade rays were suppressed within this black sphere. A single blade ray could actually transform into this black, gigantic sphere within an instant to reach a height of ten billion kilometers.

Pu!

The black sphere suddenly split apart from the middle. A dazzling golden light appeared, but it vanished in a flash! A clearly visible mark could be seen within the entire space of inheritance. There it remained.

“I see it.”

“A new life.” Luo Feng shut his eyes as tears flowed. He was genuinely touched from the bottom of his heart. This single move had allowed him to advance to an entirely new level.

“Candidate has created the third form of blade technique!” the cold, mechanical voice said in Luo Feng’s ears. “An heir has emerged! The other candidates… Annihilate!”

During that long period, all the candidates had seemed to have lost their sanity as they immersed themselves within the icebergs. Suddenly, an intangible force fell from the star high above and landed directly upon every single one of the candidates.

“No!” Blue Blood’s eyes widened as his face registered fear. “No, it should have been me! I should be the one succeeding!”

Thereafter, he lay there, unmoving. His godly body looked the same, but his soul was annihilated.

Deer Bug Master, who was in the midst of comprehending, registered a change in expression. “This is—” Then he, too, remained where he was, unmoving.

One by one, the great beings froze instantly, as if they had become blocks of ice. They had all been annihilated, leaving behind their godly bodies.

At the same time, the divided bodies of these great beings in the other miniature universes, and even those in the primal universe, were all annihilated.

The moment an heir was born, the others were annihilated. It was an ironic form of celebration.


Chapter 1244: New Duan Dong River

Purple Moon Ancestor frowned as the candidates fell one after another, including Deer Bug Master, whom he had the best hope for.

“He failed?” Purple Moon Ancestor frowned. “Then who got it? That human from the original universe? Eastern Emperor? Or other powers?”

Purple Moon Ancestor was anxious, but he couldn’t tell which one got the inheritance. He could only tell that the human from the original universe had the best chance.

Eastern Emperor and I need the inheritance from Duan Dong River! Purple Moon Ancestor thought. It’s either that human Milky Way or Blue Blood from Eastern Emperor Holy Land.

“They have the best hope. Eastern Emperor must know which one got the inheritance.” Purple Moon Ancestor nodded mildly. “I’ll see how Eastern Emperor Holy Land behaves to see whether Luo Feng’s still alive or not.”

In a dimension space of Eastern Emperor Holy Land, the candidates who were originally sitting on the leaves of a towering ancient tree all fell, and some of the bodies dropped from the tree, diving.

“Humph!” Eastern Emperor snorted.

He saw the body of Blue Blood Knight not far from him, and he said, “Human Milky Way Horde Leader, Luo Feng?”

All of the candidates dying at the same time shocked the entire Universe Ocean. The inheritance from Duan Dong River was craved by the almost 100 powers in Universe Ocean, as it was a great way for them to transcend incarnation.

“Who? Who got it?”

“The human or Eastern Emperor Holy Land?”

“Which power got the inheritance?”

All the major powers in Universe Ocean were anxious and confused. However, other than Eastern Emperor Holy Land, nobody knew who got the inheritance. Eastern Emperor Holy Land knew because they saw Blue Blood Knight, which meant it was almost certain that it was that human, Milky Way Horde Leader!

“I’ve made the breakthrough and become the new inheritor of Duan Dong River.”

Luo Feng sent an email to Huge Axe Creator and Primal Chaos City Leader, and he disregarded the shock within the human race. Instead, he went to see Duan Dong River.

The stone pillars had stereoscopic phantoms on them, and a man in a white cape was stood among them. When Luo Feng wrote the email to tell Huge Axe Creator and Primal Chaos City Leader, the white-caped man smiled as he knew what the email was about.

“The silent war in Universe Ocean determined the fate of races, and we humans won!” Teacher Origin smiled.

He knew. He wasn’t sure whether he could be free of suppression before the destruction of the original universe during this universe era, but the human race was destined to have a bright future, and it was likely that the third holy land would be that of the human race.

At the same time, the email was sent to Huge Axe Creator and Primal Chaos City Leader.

Space of inheritance.

“Other candidates, die!” The cold, robotic voice was still echoing beside Luo Feng’s ears.

He turned his head and saw a figure flying in. It was the elegant Duan Dong River. At the moment, Duan Dong River was wearing white armor with golden stars on it, beautiful boots, and a hat.

“Master Duan Dong River.” Luo Feng gave a salutation.

“Don’t call me Master.” Duan Dong River smiled. “You can call me Teacher. I’m Duan Dong River of the last generation, and you’re the latest generation. I’m your teacher and your guide as well.”

Duan Dong River looked at the three icebergs in the distance. He waved his hands, and the three icebergs turned into nothing.

“Huh?” Luo Feng turned around. He lamented the loss of the three icebergs, for he considered them precious.

“Haha! 820 basic inheritances, you can study them whenever you want.” Duan Dong River smiled. “These are all just easy tricks for you to relax with. Duan Dong River values the core inheritance.”

Core inheritance? Luo Feng’s interest was piqued.

“Follow me.”

Duan Dong River flew out, seeing a space exit outside. Luo Feng followed. He flew out and saw 820 gleaming entrances floating in the sky.

“Hide.” Duan Dong River glanced around, and the entrances all disappeared. This interested Luo Feng.

Duan Dong River smiled. “This is where every generation of Duan Dong River receives the inheritance. It’s a very precious valuable. Much more precious than those so-called supreme true treasures, and it’s more special even than some miniature universes. It has lots of individual dimensional spaces, and they form 820 portals connected to the 820 basic inheritances.”

Luo Feng nodded. He only needed to view this space of inheritance as a special miniature universe.

“Go!” Duan Dong River took Luo Feng, and with his absolute control over the space of inheritance, he moved Luo Feng to the deeper area of the space of inheritance.

Luo Feng saw the change in scenery. He was standing at the top of the mountain. He looked down, and all he could see was mist flowing around the mountain. He wasn’t able to see the land at all.

“Where is this?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“This is the apex of the main area of the space of inheritance,” said Duan Dong River. “Look there.”

He followed Duan Dong River. Luo Feng saw a human sculpture. He had long hair and deep eyes and was wearing battle armor. It looked like an ordinary human sculpture, but Luo Feng could feel the power contained in it after looking at it for only a few seconds. It was an aloof and special power that was far beyond Luo Feng’s understanding.

Apparently, the power contained in that sculpture was far beyond Luo Feng’s level. He couldn’t even identify it at first.

“This is the third ancestral teacher.” Duan Dong River’s eyes were filled with awe. “His name is Duan Dong River Jue Yi Saint King.”

Luo Feng was dazed. Duan Dong River Jue Yi Saint King? What a weird name.

“I am the 192nd inheritor,” said Duan Dong River. “My name is Duan Dong River Zhen Jue Wu!”

Luo Feng was even more confused. He had thought the full name of this Duan Dong River was Duan Dong River Wu.

“Your future name will be Duan Dong River Luo Feng!” Duan Dong River looked at Luo Feng. “Each generation of Duan Dong River has the same first name but different last names. Before I became the 192nd Duan Dong River, my name was Zhen Jue.”

Luo Feng understood now. The real name of the third ancestral teacher must have been Jue Yi!

“The third ancestral teacher…” Duan Dong River gazed at the sculpture in awe. “He’s the greatest being of Duan Dong River. The first ancestral teacher was powerful as well, but he was only a supreme being in my civilization. So was the second ancestral teacher… However, the third ancestral teacher was the truly amazing one. He spread the fame of Duan Dong River, and he stands among the pinnacle beings.

“Don’t use terms like ‘universe supreme masters.’ It’s a joke in my homeland.” Duan Dong River shook his head. “The so-called ‘universe supreme masters’ are called true gods in my hometown. Those weaker than true gods—undying fighters, universe knights, and universe masters—those are the same. True god is a threshold for supreme beings in my homeland. Although it’s considered a great being, it’s far away from being at the pinnacle. Even I have never reached that level.”

Luo Feng listened carefully. He had already deduced that universe supreme masters were called true gods in the ancient civilization. It was little wonder that when the seven true masters had fought Huge Axe Creator, the strange beast kept yelling, “True God,” and, “Eternal True God.”

“The third ancestral teacher actually stood among the top beings!” exclaimed Duan Dong River. “He was also awed by all the great beings, so he was qualified to have the character for ‘saint’ behind his name. And when he’d reached his full power, he gained the character for ‘king.’ He was king of the saints. The real top being. I was also awed by countless great beings, but I was far away from being called ‘saint.’ I could only earn the character Wu.”

Wu? He had earned that character?

He seemed to have gotten the character from someone else. As for saints and kings, those needed to be recognized by countless great beings.

“The third ancestral teacher stood at the top, and he perfected the inheritance of Duan Dong River. Though none of the latter inheritors could reach the level of the third-generation ancestral teacher, Duan Dong River has never stopped. There were nine who could be called saints! Duan Dong River is the most powerful inheritance even in my entire civilization.”

Luo Feng was shocked. He felt so lucky. If an inheritance could have a pinnacle being, it could surely be considered one of the most powerful inheritances.

“Come and kneel in front of your third-generation ancestral teacher,” said Duan Dong River. “You’re the 193rd inheritor.”

Luo Feng nodded and walked to the futon made for groveling. He kneeled down and kowtowed.

Peng!

His head hit the rock!

Immediately, countless streaks of black light came out of the photon where Luo Feng was kneeling and flooded Luo Feng’s body. At the same time, the sculpture of the third ancestral teacher emitted light and shone upon Luo Feng’s body.

“Inherit!”

Duan Dong River watched in silence. He looked relieved. It was a simple groveling, yet it was the most important step: inherit.

“Ah!”

Even with Luo Feng’s willpower, he couldn’t help grunting. A trace of black light and a trace of white light were inserted between his eyebrows. A strange inheritance mark was formed.

Duan Dong River couldn’t help shaking his body. He thought, Duan Dong River Luo Feng. From now on, you are Duan Dong River.


Chapter 1245: The Core Inheritance

“Ah!”

Luo Feng grabbed onto the rocks with both hands. His entire body was trembling.

Involuntarily, he looked up. As though he was being forcibly branded with an imprint right in the middle of his brows, a black and white intersecting mark appeared, and a short while later, it was completely hidden and vanished from sight. It could no longer be observed.

Luo Feng could not control himself. His body continued to tremble. He opened his eyes and looked toward Duan Dong River, who stood beside him. “This—this is too agonizing.”

“This is the imprint that generations of Duan Dong River descendants had,” Duan Dong River said. “It is created by our third-generation ancestor, and every generation will inherit it; once inherited, it will be easy to conform to the entire space of inheritance! Being branded with the imprint is a must, as this is the only way to get the space of inheritance to recognize one as its master… and only those who have gained control over this space can receive the true inheritance of the pulse of my Duan Dong River.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The more unique a true treasure was, the more troublesome it was in getting it to recognize its master. Such situations were similar to getting Star Tower and the White Wings to recognize Luo Feng as their master, and this space of inheritance was a treasure that the pulse of Duan Dong River used to hand over its inheritance. It was more precious than a miniature universe and much more precious than any supreme true treasure. Thus, getting it to recognize its master—how complicated a process would that be? Only those branded with the imprint could attempt to get it to recognize them as its master.

“I might have been annihilated, but I left behind my virtual consciousness.” Duan Dong River looked toward Luo Feng. “With my actual thoughts, memories, and character as a template, I have created this consciousness. In this way, I could slowly wait for the next heir to come forth and receive the inheritance. I am able to leave behind this virtual consciousness. This is also a means achievable within this space of inheritance.” He laughed. “The space of inheritance has a wealth of functions. It is a treasure that three generations of ancestors specially created for our inheritance. Later on, you will find out more about every one of these functions.

“As my virtual consciousness is still in control over this space of inheritance, you are unable to get it to recognize you as its master for the time being. It is a must for me to give up control voluntarily to make it possible for you to get it to recognize its master. Before it recognizes you… you must do one thing.”

Duan Dong River looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng said with due respect, “Teacher, please guide me.”

“Take an oath,” Duan Dong River said sternly. “Repeat after me!”

Luo Feng nodded and listened intently.

Duan Dong River said slowly in a solemn tone, “I hereby take this oath, in the name of a newly appointed Duan Dong River, with the imprint of the inheritance as witness… I, Duan Dong River Luo Feng, will not allow the core inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River to fall in the hands of outsiders. If I should break my oath, then my soul shall be annihilated.”

“Must I?” Luo Feng looked at Duan Dong River.

“You must.” Duan Dong River nodded. “Otherwise, you shall be annihilated, and I shall have to choose another heir.”

Luo Feng nodded and repeated as instructed. “I hereby take this oath, in the name of a newly appointed Duan Dong River, with the imprint of the inheritance as witness… I, Duan Dong River Luo Feng, will not allow the core inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River to fall in the hands of outsiders. If I should break my oath, then my soul shall be annihilated.”

His voice echoed, in his ears and in his mind. The imprint between his brows lit up, and his words were transmitted in short bouts into the depths of his soul.

“If I should break my oath, then my soul shall be annihilated.”

“Then my soul shall be annihilated…”

“Then my soul shall be annihilated…”

These words reverberated persistently within his soul.

Luo Feng frowned, as he had doubts. Then he glanced at Duan Dong River standing beside him.

Duan Dong River nodded knowingly. “This imprint of the inheritance will stay with you for your lifetime. I know you are a universe knight. You are capable of resurrection. Yet, even upon rebirth, you will still carry on this imprint for eternity… If you break your vow, this imprint of the inheritance will annihilate your soul. Even if you were to be resurrected, you would face annihilation over again… The vicious cycle of resurrection and annihilation would replay over and over again.”

Luo Feng shuddered.

“Of course, so long as you do not let the core inheritance fall into the hands of outsiders, nothing will go wrong.” Duan Dong River nodded. “All right, before you get this space of inheritance to recognize you as its master, I shall tell you about some of the most important information and treasures. Follow me.”

Duan Dong River pointed far into the void space ahead, and a space door appeared.

Duan Dong River and Luo Feng flew right through that space door, one after the other.

All over, the place was filled with endless water. And right in the middle, there was a miniature island. On the island was an ordinary wooden house, and before the wooden house was a curved pond.

Duan Dong River landed beside the pond.

“This space is known to be one of the most important out of the various spaces found in the space of inheritance.” Duan Dong River pointed to a spot above the pond. “You see that? The three black stones suspended above the water’s surface?”

Luo Feng looked over. The pond was not big, yet the three, smooth, crystal-like black stones were suspended above it, floating persistently.

“This is called the Memory Stone, also known as the Inheritance Stone,” Duan Dong River said. “It can store a large quantity of memories. Even if a super great being has a large amount of memory to be stored, saving every bit of information will still be very easy.” He added solemnly, “These three stones… are said to be the root of the pulse of my Duan Dong River!”

“Root?” Luo Feng felt a jolt.

“Take a look inside the pond.” Duan Dong River said.

Then, with a wave of his hand—

Hua!

All the water in the pond flew up in an instant, revealing numerous black stones at the bottom of the pond. At first glance, Luo Feng thought there could be as many as hundreds of thousands of stones.

“Now, take a look at the vast ocean.” Duan Dong River waved his hand again.

Hong! Long! Long!

An immeasurable amount of water from the vast ocean surrounding the miniature island started to float with a rumble. It was as though there had been a reversal between heaven and earth, where all the ocean water floated up to the sky, leaving the earth below empty, thus revealing numerous ocean trenches and undersea valleys… With a single glance, given Luo Feng’s range of view, he caught occasional glimpses of black stones.

“All those are memory stones,” Duan Dong River told him. “These three are the roots. They make up the essence of the core inheritance! It is the noblest contribution that three generations of ancestors had left for the pulse of my Duan Dong River. In that pond, there is a total of 12,002 memory stones, and they all belong to the core inheritance.” Duan Dong River laughed. “However, these stones represent different kinds of memories related to fields of study: close combat, far-range attacks, refining treasures, automatons, and many more… They also contain techniques and methods of cultivation. Any given stone would be enough to drive everyone from Universe Ocean into a frenzy. Within that vast ocean, as many as hundreds of millions of memories stones were scattered about randomly.”

Duan Dong River laughed again. “Those were left behind by the great beings from the pulse of my Duan Dong River. As they roamed and wandered, they continuously gathered all kinds of information covering a comprehensive range of content, which they considered all-encompassing. As for information on the basic skills of my home civilization, I should think at least 90 percent are recorded. Of course, the records are very elementary. It is like receiving the basic inheritance; the idea is the same.”

Luo Feng was tingling with excitement.

A library! This was just like a super library—or, rather, “templates” left behind by that ancient civilization. By relying on the millions of memory stones in that vast ocean, it was possible to replicate the mid to low power range of that ancient civilization. (After all, the information was very basic.)

“These 12,002 memory stones,” Duan Dong River said, pointing to the bottom of the pond, “are the pride of generations of heirs. These were their hearts and souls! Of course, there were some gathered that also contain important information on cultivation, and these are priceless. Every memory stone is more than enough to set off a war.

“These three… are even more likely to set off a war among the superpowers in my home. Remember, all the information within these three and the 12,002 stones must not fall into the hands of outsiders.”

“Understood,” Luo Feng replied.

“Try using your godly power to enwrap these three memory stones,” Duan Dong River said. “You have the inheritance imprint. The three memory stones will acknowledge you and transfer all the inheritance they contain over to you.”

Luo Feng held his breath. The essence of the core inheritance… He stood at the apex of knowledge for which three generations of ancestors were most proud.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Three invisible godly powers extended out to speedily envelop the three black stones, and the moment they came into contact, the three black stones started to radiate a faint glow. On the surface, ancient and complex engravings started to appear. Then an influx of information surged and charged its way into Luo Feng’s mind.

It was a tremendous amount of information!

Being transmitted to him in such an overwhelming amount… Even with Luo Feng’s speed of inheriting, the complete transmission took him one full day.

Duan Dong River stood aside and watched with a smile as Luo Feng opened a pair of eyes filled with shock and disbelief.

It was only three sets of lost knowledge! The core of the entire pulse of Duan Dong River—its true essence—was none other than these three sets of lost knowledge!

They were named Duan, Dong, and River.

Duan was the abbreviation for Duan Mie, which meant “annihilation.” It was a unique set of lost knowledge that could bring about an accelerated upsurge of all the power of a godly body or just a normal flesh-and-blood body within a short period of time! It could also cause the ability of a body to improve by hundreds, thousands, or even tens of thousands of times in terms of strength… This set of lost knowledge, if simply put across, was somewhat similar to self-destruction, because self-destruction was the process of gathering all the energy within a body to bring about an outburst of power.

Normally, during self-destruction, two things would happen. One, the power of an attack would be scattered in all directions; two, once self-destruction was activated, the user would also be annihilated.

However, Duan Mie—the core inheritance created by three generations of ancestors—was entirely different. It allowed the great being to control the rate at which it was being burned! For instance, within three seconds, the entire godly body could be completely burned! The power was controllable; it could be brought to an outburst that was stronger than normal by innumerable times or could be controlled to last only for one fleeting second during a battle, or even controlled by bringing it to a complete halt instantly! Furthermore, during battles, the accuracy of the power could be controlled when attacking components. Duan allowed a great being to skip stages when using it to annihilate enemies. That was why this set of lost knowledge was formidable.

Dong was the abbreviated name for Dong Hua, which meant “East Brilliance” and was a set of lost knowledge on escaping. Once executed, a great being could transform into a stream of brilliance. The speed was unbelievably fast—so fast as to easily traverse layers of space. This was the most formidable escape technique of the pulse of Duan Dong River.

River was short for Undying River, which was a set of lost knowledge that taught the skill of becoming undying! Just like any flesh-and-blood life form, when they become undying fighters, universe knights, or universe masters, their godly bodies would be converted into a more intangible form of energy. And once they achieved their breakthrough to become universe supreme masters, they would, on the contrary, be reverted back to their origin!

When various identities combined as one, the more intangible godly body would take a more concrete form composed of flesh and blood.

This would be truly a flesh and blood life form!

Although part of a flesh and blood body could also be burned up and converted to energy like a godly body, ultimately, it was still a flesh and blood life form. Normally, annihilating a universe master or universe supreme master through soul attacks would deprive opponents any chances for resurrections, yet when relying on Undying River, the moment this knowledge had been cultivated to a certain degree, any great being would be able to isolate part of its divided body from its main body.

Also, another instance of utilizing this knowledge was hiding a mere drop of blood. Even if the divided body of a great being was hit by a soul attack and all of it was annihilated… after undergoing unique refining, this drop of blood of the annihilated body could remain unscathed. Thereafter, it could spend some time to speedily absorb energy and take up its original form again!

That would make an undying fighter!

Duan Mie allowed its user to achieve an outburst of extreme power when faced with opponents in battle. Dong Hua, used for escaping, was incomparably formidable. Even if there was no way to escape, one could always rely on Undying River to effect a resurrection!

The three sets of lost knowledge. Relying on these three sets of lost knowledge, every generation of Duan Dong River would only have one set of the three lost knowledges, yet every generation would see the emergence of one terrifying figure.

“Indeed, they are worthy to be called the lost knowledges of three generations of ancestors; indeed, they are worthy to be called the core of the core of the entire pulse of Duan Dong River; these are simply, certainly, extremely powerful.”

Luo Feng was tongue-tied. It was no wonder this was the most top-notch inheritance of that ancient civilization and only a favored elite could inherit it. It was more than enough to drive any great being mad with jealousy. No wonder East Emperor Holy Land and Purple Moon Holy Land coveted it. The two ancestors must have long ago heard of certain information regarding the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River.


Chapter 1246: The Passing of Duan Dong River

The pond water and endless ocean water were all suspended in midair.

Duan Dong River said with a solemn expression, “When one is weak, there is still room for improvement, as he can still work hard to cultivate and achieve breakthroughs one by one. But things are different when one gets stronger. Any superior great being has to go through countless battles and fights; this is the only way to train and hone skills. For example, to become a true god—or what you all would call a universe supreme master—you will have to go through countless killings to gain extensive experience before you can finally achieve a breakthrough.”

“When starting from the stage of a true god, to continue ascending, every step would entail great difficulty! Great beings are life forms who tread between life and death but eventually stand firm till the end.”

Luo Feng heard him and nodded.

He agreed with what Duan Dong River said. In fact, from his perspective, to become a universe supreme master, he had to achieve his breakthrough after experiencing battles and fights in which he could hone his skills and abilities. This was how Sitting Mountain Guest and Primal Chaos City Leader had felt in the past, when they sent him out to wander and venture, to steel himself for future breakthroughs.

Universe masters, universe supreme masters (true gods)… All had to tread the paths between life and death.

“There are many talented ones, and also many determined ones,” Duan Dong River said softly. “Perhaps for them, they could still make small achievements. But to truly stand on the highest peak, what great being could get there without the help of opportunities? It is impossible for a great being to solely depend on his own ability to make it to the pinnacle. The pulse of my Duan Dong River has three most important sets of lost knowledge… When you find yourself dealing with countless life and death battles, they will reduce your chances of being annihilated to the lowest possibility.

“Of course, even if you manage to escape annihilation, it does not mean that you are undying for sure. Generations of heirs from the pulse of my Duan Dong River died, one by one. Even our three generations of Ancestors are dead…” Duan Dong River shook his head. “Which is why one must never, ever take this lightly.”

Luo Feng nodded, then smiled. “The powerful beings we have in our current generation cannot hold a candle to that civilization, so all is fine.”

“It is not that simple.” Duan Dong River gently shook his head.

“Not that simple?” Luo Feng was taken aback. “What do you mean?”

“First, take a closer look at the three sets of lost knowledge you have obtained,” Duan Dong River said.

Luo Feng immediately started to look more thoroughly. As the three sets of lost knowledge each contained an unbelievable amount of information, the memory transmission alone took a long time. And the memory transmission was merely the process of shoving all the information into Luo Feng’s memory. Luo Feng still had to take much time to slowly read through them all.

With Luo Feng’s reading speed, even studying one set of lost knowledge, Duan Mie, took more than ten days before he finally registered a change in expression.

“Found it?” Duan Dong River’s expression was hard to read.

“How—how come it’s gone?” Luo Feng was shocked as he turned to look at Duan Dong River. “Duan Mie was left behind by three generations of ancestors. According to the introduction of the entire set of lost knowledge, it should be massive with a total of nine volumes. Why are there only the first three most basic volumes? What about the next six? I certainly detected those within my memory, but I just cannot read them. Why is this happening?”

It was a weird feeling It was like having a vague memory of a certain thing, but no matter how hard he tried, he could not fully recall it. All of the lost knowledge, Duan Mie, was in his memory; he could detect them within his memory, but he just could not recall the remaining six volumes.

This “forgotten” feeling came to him before when he was still young, back when his power was extremely weak, but since becoming a super great being, everything that he had gone through in his lifetime—every bit of memory—was easy to look back upon. Not the slightest bit was forgotten.

“It is because the first three volumes set the limit to where the true god stage can cultivate up to,” Duan Dong River said.

“The limit of the true god stage?” Luo Feng seemed to vaguely recall something.

“Three sets of lost knowledge, and these—” Duan Dong River pointed to the black stones at the bottom of the pond. “And those!” Then he pointed toward the scattered black stones in the vast ocean.

“All the information—even if you transmit all your memories, the most you can see would be the pinnacle of the true god stage,” Duan Dong River elaborated. “Various information from any level higher than this, you will not be able to view.”

“Why is this so?” Luo Feng was filled with doubts, but he was not bothered.

Being unable to read those was not a big deal to him. In any case, there were detailed records of the endless information within the inheritance stones from a normal undying to the pinnacle of a universe supreme master. For him, that was enough. After all, he was only a universe knight.

But he was certain that he had the memories in his mind. Who could have so wordlessly, and without a trace, prevented him from looking through his own memories?

“Because…” Duan Dong River’s gaze was adrift as he sighed softly. “That is the willpower of the primal universe!”

“Willpower of the primal universe?” Luo Feng was taken aback.

“That’s it!” Duan Dong River nodded with a sigh.

“The primal universe is the most massive celestial body in all of Universe Ocean. Given such an immense celestial body, every moment, the amount of chaotic energy it consumes is terrifying. Compared to it, the Universe Boast is simply…” Duan Dong River shook his head.

Luo Feng nodded. The Universe Boat might have been big, but if it was compared to the primal universe, it was like a paper boat compared to the sun!

“If you are living in the primal universe, then being a part of the primal universe will ensure that all is fine for you.” Duan Dong River nodded. “However, if you are no longer a member of the primal universe, the primal universe no longer protects you… That is where trouble arises.”

“In the Universe Ocean, who is the most powerful?”

“It is not a matter of who; it is the willpower of the primal universe!” Duan Dong River said. “Your powers are weak, but you all should be able to feel that. When you fight battles against true gods, the willpower of the primal universe will help you. No matter where you are within the Universe Ocean, it will help you all. The powers of the true gods will all be suppressed. All their godly powers will completely be suppressed by it.”

Luo Feng nodded. Yes. Indeed, it would. The willpower of the primal universe was such a massive thing that no one could put up a resistance against it. Teacher Origin had previously fought with the willpower of the origin, and as a result, he was eternally suppressed.

“The entire primal universe has it as its backing,” said Duan Dong River. “The power that the willpower of the origin can unleash is totally out of your wildest imaginations.” He snorted, “How do you think this Universe Boat ended up so battered and shattered—?”

Suddenly, Duan Dong River’s expression changed.

“I cannot say further.” Duan Dong River looked toward Luo Feng and added solemnly, “There are some things I cannot tell you. You just need to know that throughout the entire Universe Ocean, there is nowhere that the origin of the primal universe does not have control over. Fortunately, it is only a simple willpower that was formed by the massive universe law and does not have any desires. Otherwise, I have no idea what it would become.”

“If you want to transcend it, there is only one way.” Duan Dong River looked at Luo Feng. “Break through a reincarnation! Break through a reincarnation, and you will find yourself in a whole new setting. Information related to the pulse of my Duan Dong River is stored in those memory stones. For now, you can only see up to the true god stage, but the moment you make it through a reincarnation… you can see everything.”

Luo Feng gave a slight nod. Although Duan Dong River did not say much, Luo Feng vaguely realized that, in the beginning, when Duan Dong River and the numerous great beings of that civilization boarded the Universe Boat, there were implications related to the willpower of the primal universe. Thereafter, the destruction of the Universe Boat was likely due to the willpower of the primal universe.

“You and I are different,” said Duan Dong River. “You are a member of the primal universe. Or at least up until now, you still are.” He laughed. “This is why you are protected by it.”

Suddenly, Duan Dong River waved. The black stones scattered beneath the suspended, endless ocean waters, the wide ocean trenches, and the underground valleys—as well as those at the bottom of the pond before them—all flew up into the air and made their way to Duan Dong River.

Very quickly, Duan Dong River stored everything.

Hong! Long! Long!

With a rumble, the vast ocean water and pond water suspended high up in the sky fell.

“Follow me.” Duan Dong River pointed somewhere ahead. Before them, ripples started to form and gave rise to a space entrance.

Luo Feng followed obediently.

Both entered the space entrance one after the other and quickly arrived in a new space. It was a vast world with seemingly no boundaries to speak of. The surroundings were an endless darkness, and what they stood on was a piece of land with a diameter that was only as big as over ten kilometers.

“This is a space where time is accelerated.” Duan Dong River pointed far into the endless darkness. “This darkness seems to have no boundaries, but in truth, all of these are not real. This space for time acceleration is small. It only consists of this piece of land.”

“A smaller area will allow a smaller energy consumption when making use of time acceleration,” he added with a laugh. “I would have long ago been annihilated. My control alone can only bring time acceleration to 10,000 times. As for you, the stronger your godly power gets, the moment you start manipulating it, time acceleration will naturally get faster. Under the influence of time acceleration, you will be able to extend the time you need for cultivation.”

Duan Dong River waved, and a single black stone floated before Luo Feng.

“Actually, I have been lonely for countless reincarnation eras… I have so much to say, so much to entrust, and so many proud moments of the pulse of my Duan Dong River that I want to share with you.” Duan Dong River shook his head slowly. “However, when you received the three sets of lost knowledge, I suddenly realized that… I was actually annihilated long ago. What more can I not bear to part with? So I have recorded everything into this memory stone. It will tell you all I want you to know, and it records every single secret of the entire space of inheritance. After seeing it for yourself, you will understand everything.”

Duan Dong River looked up at the boundless darkness. Then, squatting down, he grabbed some mud from the ground and sniffed. He smiled and said, “I was dead long ago. What you see of me now is nothing more than an image of a virtual consciousness. Virtual. I am merely something virtual… I was never a life form in the first place…”

Hua!

Duan Dong River was shattered into bits and pieces. Then he vanished.

“Teacher! Duan Dong River!” Luo Feng shouted. But he was the only one left.

Luo Feng was in a daze.

This… This…

He was trapped in a place like this. How could he find the way out?

Hong!

Streams of light rays appeared amidst the vast darkness and speedily charged over to enshroud him. Luo Feng looked toward the sky where streaks of black and white light rays were falling upon him. There was nowhere to hide as they all gathered and approached Luo Feng. The imprint of inheritance between Luo Feng’s brows appeared automatically.

The imprint, which consisted of intertwining black and white lines, started to revolve. Endless light rays surged into Luo Feng’s body. Then peace and quiet were restored.

An incomparable sense of affinity grew in Luo Feng’s heart as he looked around him. With an intention in mind, a seedling suddenly emerged from the ground and started to grow. It grew lusher. More started to spread out. In a short moment, over ten kilometers of land had transformed into a meadow.

“Recognizing its master?” Luo Feng was taken aback.

The space of inheritance had recognized him as its master.

Although he still felt a little unfamiliar, he could sense the entire space of inheritance.

“Duan Dong River has voluntarily given up all his control rights?”

Luo Feng looked to his side, where Duan Dong River had been grabbing mud from the ground just moments ago. He recalled what Duan Dong River had said earlier. Suddenly, Luo Feng realized that Duan Dong River… might have disappeared for good.

In this Universe Ocean, only he, the 193rd generation of Duan Dong River, remained.


Chapter 1247: This is the Space of Inheritance

Although he had already gotten the space of inheritance to recognize its master, Luo Feng still held many doubts regarding the Boat of Mausoleum and space of inheritance. Right away, he used his godly power to envelope that memory stone and shortly after, a large amount of information was transmitted to him.

It was detailed information left behind by Duan Dong River’s virtual consciousness, before it was dispersed, concerning the various functions and areas to pay attention to within the space of inheritance. It also included what he needed to tell Luo Feng regarding the remodeling that he had done to the Boat of Mausoleum; the information was so detailed that it included where the core control of Boat of Mausoleum was and how to control it. All this information was made known to Luo Feng via that memory stone.

“The three generations of ancestors prepared information so meticulously.” Luo Feng was in awe. “Almost 95 percent of the entire space of inheritance is filled with the achievements of the three generations of ancestors, only 5 percent are some functions added on by the other generations of heirs. This entire space of inheritance is the perfect place for a great being to cultivate.”

Luo Feng was shocked. It was detailed beyond words. If not for the information Duan Dong River left behind, even though Luo Feng was recognized as master by the space of inheritance, he would have likely had to wander around and study the place before he could understand all corners of it. Yet now, everything was well within his control.

The space of inheritance was actually like a miniature universe divided into many individual spaces. There was a space resembling a super library (where there was a tremendous amount of memory stones that contained an equally large amount of information). Almost every fundamental technique of the ancient civilization was recorded, and there were countless precious experiences that led directly to the road of the highest peak—experiences of generations of heirs and the countless precious information that they had gathered.

There was also a space that seemed to be used specially for combat training, a miniature virtual space where there were numerous opponents—a total of 282 of them and amongst them. The generations of Duan Dong River were also included. The moment one’s consciousness entered the virtual space, one could exchange blows with these virtual opponents, and these virtual opponents were capable of executing the same mighty power of corresponding super beings; the strongest opponents were, naturally, the three generations of ancestors.

There was a space that seemed to be used specially for creating secret techniques. There was a space specially used to cultivate one’s weapons. There was a space specially for mediation. There was a space specially for…

To concluded, the entire space of inheritance was the epitome of perfection, the best place for a great being to stay in for cultivation as it was filled with, and continuously supplied with, knowledge and functions by generations of heirs.

“This is too… too extravagant.” Luo Feng could not help blinking. Before accepting the inheritance, he had entertained many kinds of imaginations, but upon truly getting into contact with it, he realized that he was not adventurous enough in his imagination. He had underestimated Duan Dong River’s generations of heirs.

This so-called “extravagant-to-the-maximum-limit” space of inheritance… If one was within here, then regardless of how short or long it took, it would be impossible for one not to become a super great being.

Furthermore, the pulse of Duan Dong River had always been very stringent in its requirements of an heir. To be chosen, one had be absolutely gifted and determined—and possess various other superior qualities. Even if there was no inheritance to be handed down, this heir would eventually be someone of great achievement. Once the chosen heir had the help of the space of inheritance, it would be like giving wings to a tiger! One would naturally be fueled with even greater strength to go further and higher.

“In Universe Ocean, fighting for inheritances until everyone gets badly battered—especially using techniques such as Divine Eye Clan’s so-called law of combined attacks—is something that is very common to the ancient civilization, and it only constitutes part of it. There are many trivialities that may include even soul attacks, illusions, refining true treasures, creating manipulative automatons… There are so many that it is impossible to count them all…”

Luo Feng was in awe. He came to realize that whatever he knew about the ancient civilization was very basic! To the pulse of Duan Dong River, this basic information that was stored in the ten million memory stones was all pretty much inconsequential. Thus, it was up to the generations of Duan Dong River’s descendants’ discretion, whether they wanted the information to be kept within the pulse or to be shared with other groups of powers.

“Knowledge is power. The experiences of countless great beings and their beliefs in the cultivations of countless studies—all of these were creations by numerous preceding great beings in succession. This is where the fundamentals originate.”

The first thing Luo Feng did was practically in sync with what any of the preceding generation of Duan Dong River would do, which was to recall everything that was recorded within these memory stones!

Perhaps he might not be treading the paths of certain groups of studies. Or he could touch on some knowledge that might be helpful to his own cultivation process. Or, probably, when he met with opponents of a foreign group of studies in an actual fight, he would know a thing or two about his opponents’ backgrounds, strengths, and weaknesses, as well.

“Bring it on.”

Luo Feng made a single wave. In an instant, a large number of black stones—such a tremendous number that they were counted in the millions—were suspended in midair.

“Categorize them.”

Luo Feng divided his godly power to get in contact with all the memory stone simultaneously, then started to process the different parts of information that he got in contact with, classifying them after coming to a verdict. Shortly after, the countless memory stones were being sorted into different categories. First, he would categorize them, then he would start memorizing.

Luo Feng was in a cultivation space where time velocity reached 10,000 times, and he only spent around 15 days to memorize the entire core inheritance (the actual time spent was a few hundred years). Thereafter, he started on a job that was on a much larger scale. It was to start memorizing the information stored in over 100 million memory stones…

There was over 100 million memory stones, but every stone was only a small part of the fundamental, which was why the amount of information was far from that of the core inheritance. Yet he still required close to 30 years to finish accepting the entire amount of information (which was actually 30 eras).

Upon complete acceptance, Luo Feng started to read and study thoroughly, and the amount of time he used was much longer compared to the amount of time spent on merely accepting the information. Previously, it was just trying to force all the information from the countless books into his mind. Now, he had to slowly go through them all.

The Boat of Mausoleum was still floating in midair within the Flame Ice Region, but the cabin doors were shut.

Occasionally, there would be great beings passing by with envy in their eyes, but they did not dare to stay for long and left quickly, as they were afraid of incurring the wrath of that Duan Dong River, who could, after all, exterminate Second True Master and Seventh True Master in an instant.

While various groups of powers of Universe Ocean were suspicious and speculating, where the majority of them were unclear of who the heir was. Luo Feng was, on the contrary, able to study at ease. Being in the space of inheritance, he knew he was in safe hands. Besides, the space of inheritance was within the Boat of Mausoleum.

The moment the Boat of Mausoleum closed, no one from Universe Ocean would be able to intrude! As for those who dared to set foot in the Boat of Mausoleum, they would be courting their doom. The Boat of Mausoleum might not be able to attack those outside it, but Duan Dong River had remodeled it so that internally, there were many terrifying means that served to ambush intruders. Any universe supreme being who dared to intrude would be asking for death.

With the passing of time, Luo Feng gained much understanding about the breakthrough of every level, from undying to universe knight to universe master to universe supreme master. He was even aware of things like which level a universe supreme master had to continue to advance toward. He was, in fact, very knowledgeable in this aspect.

Even the universe supreme masters did not know as much as Luo Feng. In that ancient civilization, there was a very clear analysis in this aspect, so within the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, all of these analyses were considered part of the ordinary, peripheral information stored within the memory stones; they simply carried no value of confidentiality.

Luo Feng might only be a universe knight, but there was no questioning his qualification in providing guidance to universe masters, he might even be qualified enough to offer guidance to universe supreme masters!

After all, the universe supreme masters within Universe Oceans were all like blind men crossing the river, even if they had all achieved their breakthroughs, they were all still so muddleheaded because there was too little experience from predecessors where they could learn from to begin with, so there was simply no way they could carry out their studies in a systematic manner.

In the blink of an eye, 2600 years had passed since Luo Feng accepted the inheritance.

In the virtual universe, within one of the individual plane surfaces belonging to Huge Axe Creator.

“Luo Feng has become the heir for so long, yet after sending us one mail, he seems to have vanished.” Surrounded by a vast and dark starry sky, in the godly palace floating in mid-air, Primal Chaos City Leader and Huge Axe Creator were seated facing one another.

In terms of friendship, Primal Chaos City Leader and Huge Axe shared a very close friendship; previously Teacher Origin had guided both Primal Chaos City Leader and Huge Axe… As Primal Chaos City Leader was more obedient and followed every teaching when he was under Teacher Origin’s tutelage, he was the older disciple. Huge Axe was different, he was a wilder character and preferred a non-conformist approach, and he was often out wandering, which was why Teacher Origin and Huge Axe did not share a teacher-disciple relationship.

Yet it was unquestionable that Primal Chaos City Leader and Huge Axe were both Teacher Origin’s very first disciples, of which, one was the disciple of highest seniority, while the other was a true disciple without an acknowledged teacher-student relationship. Huge Axe was like an older brother… especially after Teacher Origin was suppressed, the entire human race was dependent on the two of them! As time grew longer, the two naturally forged a deep friendship as they often met together for discussions.

“Ha ha, you really are worried about your darling disciple.” Huge Axe laughed out loud.

“Yes, I am worried that there may be accidents!” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head, “Who will know anything about the ancient civilization, that Duan Dong River may have other ulterior motives, who knows?”

“Can’t you just ask Luo Feng directly? Huge Axe said.

“I’m worried that I will be disrupting his progress of accepting the inheritance.” Primal Chaos City Leader gave a slight frown.

“What are you worried about? Luo Feng has a few great bodies, how can it be possible that when accepting the inheritance, he cannot even spare a tad bit of consciousness into the virtual universe?” Huge Axe shook his head in objection, “If you are worried, then let me approach him!”

Huge Axe was more forthright, without further ado, he sent a mail to Luo Feng.

Very quickly ——

A lone figure appeared out of thin air before the quiet godly palace; that was Luo Feng donning a simple white robe, because he was used to wearing his silver armor, that was why Luo Feng was naturally inclined towards colors like silver and white.

“Luo ——” Huge Axe Creator was about to open his mouth to say something, but suddenly, furrows appeared within his brows as he carefully observed Luo Feng.

Primal Chaos City Leader who was usually a meticulous thinker was also surprised when he looked at Luo Feng.

Both of them were supposedly great beings of such high ranks?

And both could tell at one look… The Luo Feng that stood before them had undergone an overwhelming chance. That was an inherent change from deep within, just like how the disposition of some who had battled frequent enough to become more determined and aggressive while others had studied enough books to gain the so-called scholarliness.

Different experiences would bring about different changes in dispositions, and when Luo Feng had absorbed the foundation of that entire ancient civilization, his original vision and realm of thoughts underwent an earth-shattering change, and this had surpassed many other universe supreme masters; he could even be a teacher of several universe supreme masters, someone capable enough to provide them with guidance.

“Seems like, this inheritance is quite extraordinary.” Huge Axe turned to look at Primal Chaos City Leader and with a sigh, he said, “The moment I saw him, the feeling was the same as what I felt back then when I first met Teacher Origin, besides, Teacher Origin liked wearing white robes too.”

“He does exude a similar feel.” Primal Chaos City Leader also commented amidst laughter.

Luo Feng walked up and said, “Huge Axe Creator, Teacher, please don’t tease me.”

“It’s quite obvious.” Huge Axe started, “You gained big time.”

“How do you feel?” Primal Chaos City Leader was no longer jesting around as he continued to say, “How is the inheritance this time round, is it helpful to our human race in any way? Are you confident in getting our human race to transcend reincarnation?” Even Huge Axe’s eyes were filled with the same eagerness.

Luo Feng nodded, “From the stage of an undying all the way to the limit of a universe supreme master, everything is within my heart.”

How certain and confident he sounded!

Huge Axe and Primal Chaos City Leader looked at one another, and both pairs of eyes were shining brightly.


Chapter 1248: Preaching

Primal Chaos City Leader and Huge Axe Creator were very clear of the kind of person Luo Feng was, as they had watched him grow and mature. Just like how he had been absorbed into the Universe Virtual Network Company at the very beginning, it had always been the same way with Luo Feng. When there was no outburst, all was peaceful; the moment he had an outburst, it would certainly result in an amazing surprise.

Since he had first become Primal Chaos City Leader’s disciple, he had lain low and completely effaced himself, and he had kept to such obscurity that the outside world started speculating whether he was alive or dead.

Through his journey of growth, his character and style of handling matters were clearly observed by both Primal Chaos City Leader and Huge Axe Creator. They were very clear on the fact that Luo Feng would only start on something if he was prepared for it and that he had the confidence to bring it to completion. If he was not prepared or lacked the confidence, he would never casually commit to it. On the contrary, if he verbalized his decisions in a resolute and confident manner… then he was bound to succeed!

“Everything is within your heart?” Huge Axe Creator gave a hearty laugh. “Everything? What great confidence you have! But just listening to your words makes me very happy.”

“From an undying to the limit of a universe supreme master.” Primal Chaos City Leader could not hold back his question: “So, do you know how you should break through a reincarnation era?”

Huge Axe Creator, who was listening by the side, also looked at Luo Feng.

Breaking through a reincarnation… even Huge Axe felt the fear and sense of loss. Even he was not confident.

Luo Feng was slightly taken aback. Breaking through a reincarnation? He was truly clueless.

With a serious expression, Luo Feng said, “The inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River is extremely vast. However, I am under the influence of the willpower of the primal universe, so I am only allowed to access information about the inheritance up to the limit of a universe supreme master! Any further than this—I will need to break through a reincarnation era to break free from the influence of the willpower of the primal universe.”

“Willpower of the origin?”

Huge Axe and Primal Chaos City Leader looked at one another. Others might have been unaware, but previously, the two of them were most frequently in contact with Teacher Origin; after Teacher Origin was suppressed, whenever he needed to connect with the human race, it was mostly through the two of them. This was why they had the opportunity to hear about the willpower of the origin from Teacher Origin.

Hua!

There were many stone chairs on either side of the long stone table. Luo Feng, Huge Axe, and Primal Chaos City Leader were seated there when suddenly, on the stone chair opposite Huge Axe’s—which had been empty all this while—a white-robed figure appeared. It was Teacher Origin, but all three of them, Luo Feng, Huge Axe and Primal Chaos City Leader, did not realize this.

“Willpower of the origin?” To the side, white-robed Teacher Origin frowned as he listened.

“But how a universe supreme master continues to cultivate, and how to reach the limit of a universe supreme master—these, I do know,” Luo Feng said. “With this limit as the basis, if I were to achieve a breakthrough and reach a new level—”

“If you reach a new level, then you will certainly be able to break through a reincarnation,” Huge Axe Creator said, finishing his sentence.

“Ah!” Luo Feng was shocked and looked toward Huge Axe Creator. He could only speculate, after all, regarding reincarnation. There was no information to be found within the inheritance at all, and it was also impossible to find any information past the limit of a universe supreme master. He had not expected Huge Axe to say this so confidently. Primal Chaos City Leader also looked towards Huge Axe with a shocked expression.

Huge Axe looked at Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader and said, “It’s very simple. When you all achieve your breakthroughs to become universe supreme masters, you will understand why I know this. The bottom-line: For a complete breakthrough to the level of a universe supreme master—to level up—you must make it past a reincarnation. If you can’t reach the next level, then take a gamble and try your luck. There is still a possibility of achieving a breakthrough. As for how high your chances are? Take a look at the countless universe supreme masters who have been annihilated for umpteen reincarnation eras, and you will know how low your chances are.”

“True.” Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader nodded their heads.

For countless reincarnation eras—at least ten million reincarnation eras—every one of them had at least dozens of universe supreme masters. Sailing down the long river of time, exactly how many universe supreme masters from Universe Ocean were annihilated, was a number that was hard to tell.

But the ones who succeeded were easy to track: Purple Moon Ancestor and East Emperor Ancestor. Just the two of them!

As for whether these two ancestors managed to break through and surpass the level of a universe supreme master in order to successfully break their way through a reincarnation, or if they simply took a gamble within their limit of a universe supreme master to barely scrape through and succeed… no one knew.

“How can a universe master become a universe supreme master?” Primal Chaos City Leader asked persistently. This concerned him personally.

Huge Axe also pressed for answers. “For a breakthrough, every universe master must tread a different path. Did the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River provide any guidance?”

“Yes!” Luo Feng said with a nod. “In that ancient civilization, there are countless great beings. Because there were many who managed to achieve breakthroughs, to become a universe supreme master, one has to make it past an extremely large threshold. Naturally, there was a systematic way of recognition, and also, various experiences to tap from, which can help you maximize the chances of successful breakthroughs. By the end of this reincarnation era, our human race may have four to five universe supreme masters. But if there is more guidance—this number may multiply many folds.”

Previously, Divine Eye Clan had seen the emergence of seven universe supreme masters! The human race only had two up until today (whereby one of them, Teacher Origin, was being suppressed). As a result, being able to see the birth of four to five universe supreme masters would already be considered great news. “Multiply many folds?” Huge Axe and Primal Chaos City Leader were both shocked.

“Doesn’t it mean that almost every universe master will become a universe supreme master?” Primal Chaos City Leader asked. The human race only had a total of 19 universe masters.

“No.” Luo Feng shook his head. “That’s not what I meant. From a universe master to a universe supreme master, there is an extremely frightening threshold to pass. With the guidance of the ancient civilization, although the chances of breaking through are maximized, there is still a high level of difficulty. What I was referring to was the entire cultivation system. That is, from an undying—to a universe supreme master. For instance, the human race currently only has a few thousand universe knights and close to 20 universe masters. Under a more improved system, the human race could possibly have over 100,000 universe knights and a few hundred universe masters! Such a cultivation method enables those who are naturally less talented and who may otherwise only reach the level of a universe knight to progress all the way to becoming a universe master.

“This explains why the average talent of these few hundred universe masters cannot even be compared with as few as about 20 universe masters of our human race. I suppose a few hundred universe masters should be able to give rise to dozens of universe supreme masters. If they are lucky, it may also be possible to reach a number close to 100 universe supreme masters.”

Silence.

Primal Chaos City Leader and Huge Axe Creator had quietened down. They were in the aftermath of a shock. So powerful! How many universe supreme masters could one reincarnation era cultivate? Take the first reincarnation era and the second reincarnation era, for instance. Both eras only had around 30 universe supreme masters.

In the near future, could the human race become stronger than a reincarnation era?

“This…” Primal Chaos City Leader opened his mouth to speak but was at a loss for words.

“Are you confident?” Huge Axe’s eyes were, on the contrary, glimmering.

Luo Feng nodded, “Of course! A universe supreme master is merely one of the many stages along the path that a great being takes. As our human race gets stronger, and the more territories we claim in the primal universe, our numbers will increase. Close to 100 universe supreme masters will also be highly possible for us.”

“Great,” Huge Axe replied right away. “Then you shall provide us with some guidance and let us see just how impressive this ancient civilization could be.”

“Sure.” Luo Feng was well-prepared. Naturally, he would be confident.

Huge Axe nodded. “I shall arrange for the few of them to make their way here.”

On this piece of land suspended in the vast void space was Huge Axe’s godly palace. Before it was a long stone table with stone chairs on either side. There, several figures were starting to appear.

“Huge Axe Creator, why are you looking for us so urgently?” Peng Gong Master asked amidst smiles.

At the same time, other universe masters were appearing one by one. They were Darkness Master, Void Gold Master, Qing Dong Master, Deserted Mirror Master, Peng Gong Master, Long Yan Master, and Ice Mountain Master. Including Primal Chaos City Leader, there was a total of eight universe masters.

The moment they arrived, the first thing they would notice was that Luo Feng was present, too. Instantly, all of them could feel their insides burning as anticipation settled in. They all knew that Luo Feng was receiving the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River from that ancient civilization. For him to show up this time around, it seemed like the matter concerned that inheritance.

“Luo Feng has started to receive the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River,” Huge Axe said. His eyes swept across the universe masters once before he fixed his gaze on them. “Primal Chaos, Darkness, Peng Gong. The three of you are the most hopeful ones for becoming universe supreme masters. Void Gold, Long Yan, Deserted Mirror, Qing Dong, and Ice Mountain. The five of you are quite hopeful candidates, too. You all should join us in listening… Let us listen to what Luo Feng can tell us—the universe masters—about achieving our breakthrough to become universe supreme masters!”

Hua!

Primal Chaos City Leader appeared to be quite at peace. He merely smiled, but the other seven were shocked and their emotions ran high. A breakthrough from universe master to universe supreme master? There was simply no precedent to follow, as each and every universe master had to walk a different path. This was already giving them headaches because if they wanted to attempt a breakthrough, it had to be done within and during the time of their current primal universe era. This meant that, once this reincarnation era ended and they had to go into the miniature universe, they would no longer have the chance to try again. How can they not panic?

Qing Dong Master was the first to speak up. “Luo Feng, are you confident?”

“Milky Way, can I become a universe supreme master?” Peng Gong Master was more straightforward and asked directly.

Luo Feng addressed their concerns right away. “For the few of you here… Our human race is very gifted. Even without any system to guide us, we have made it up to now with each and every one of you being so extraordinary. The moment we have the ancient civilization’s guidance, certainly there is hope for the few of you here to become universe supreme masters of our human race. As for who can achieve the breakthrough, this I cannot guarantee. I just know that… after listening to what I have to say, you all will foster a better understanding.”

“All of you shall stop asking now,” Huge Axe ordered. “Just let Luo Feng speak.”

The many universe masters who had yearned for such a breakthrough for endless time all sat there, desperately holding back their doubts and questions, suppressing their worries and anxieties as they fixated their gazes on Luo Feng. They started to pay close attention to what he had to say. White-robed Teacher Origin listened intently.

Luo Feng’s gaze swept through everyone present. “From universe master to universe supreme master! Everyone must tread a different path, which, in fact, could be classified into two major categories!”

Everyone held their breath and listened carefully.

“The first category: starting off by godly power!” Luo Feng said with utmost confidence. “The second category: starting off by laws!”

Huge Axe Creator, who was paying close attention, was instantly filled with doubts. He asked, “Starting off by laws… This process of becoming a universe supreme master—from what I know, everyone has to advance from the laws, like the universe master from Space Beast Alliance combined the laws of the Eight Beast Gods! Many others mainly started off from time and space. All of them had different directions.”

Luo Feng smiled. “Starting off from the laws, almost 90 percent of the universe supreme masters did as such,” he explained. “As for starting off with godly power… What is godly power? Godly power gives rise to form—that is, the body! Godly power contains life imprints, thus constituting the core of life! Just like how we humans have souls, while some other races do not but still have the core of life. In short, any universe master can convert into endless godly power!”

Everyone listened in silence.

“What is the foundation of becoming a universe supreme master? To break! To break limits! To break free from suppression! Breaking free from all kinds of shackles would allow us to enter a whole new world!”

Luo Feng paused, then said solemnly, “Just like how we start off with the laws, we have to achieve our breakthrough via the laws to enable God Country to break through the bottleneck. And once God Country passes the bottleneck, it will naturally start to evolve and transform into a miniature universe.

“On the other hand, to start off by godly power, the perfect life gene of a universe master is 10,081 times! This is the limit. Starting off by godly power requires one to surpass this limit! To enable one’s godly power to evolve into a whole new level! Once our godly power has evolved, the body and soul would follow suit. This is what it means to use force against technique! We are utilizing our absolute power to overcome and break free from the shackles! Once we achieve our own breakthrough, the capacity to bear the weight of God Country would naturally increase. That is when we can propel God Country to break through its bottleneck and start its evolution into a miniature universe.”

All the universe masters present there were now listening wordlessly.

The various races within Universe Ocean all seemed to be blindly crossing the river together, with no concrete direction or aim to advance into. Because of the small numbers, it was impossible to establish a systematic way of study. And there was no one, like a super great being, to take leadership for strategizing or for organizing to ensure conformity and integration of members.

“Break free from the shackles!” Luo Feng said. “Then we can control our fate. From there, the laws will have to retreat, and the tables will be turned. We will dictate while the laws follow! Starting off with godly power is extremely difficult, while starting off with laws is relatively easier. I would suggest starting off with the laws, then moving on to figure out how and what we should do.”


Chapter 1249: The Turning Point for the Human Race

“Starting from the laws, use the simplest and most general way to explain!”

“Staring from an undying, one will start by learning certain fundamental laws like gold laws, wind laws, and many more. After becoming a universe knight, one will shift to studying laws like time laws and space laws…”

“Actually, the path of the laws was to consistently climb up from a lowest, most minute point, and the ultimate target is for the ten fundamental laws of gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, lightning, light, time, and space to be completely unified. And also, they must all be combined into a unified law of chaos.”

The moment Luo Feng gave this explanation, everyone revealed shocked expressions on the spot. Even Huge Axe Creator was so taken aback he rose to his feet.

Opposite Huge Axe Creator’s host seat, another host seat appeared out of nowhere. Along with it, a white-robed figure appeared.

“Did you mention the Law of Chaos?” said the white-robed man. He stared at Luo Feng, and in his eyes, there was a kind of light that no one had seen before.

“Teacher Origin!” Huge Axe Creator was shocked.

“Teacher.”

Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness, and Ice Mountain were all surprised and delighted. They immediately bowed respectfully to greet him. Others like Peng Gong Master, Qing Dong Master, Void Gold Master, Long Yan Master, and Deserted Mirror Master were excited beyond words as they shouted, “Teacher Origin!”

Luo Feng was also shocked to see this white-robed man before him. He… was the legendary Teacher Origin?

Judging by his appearance alone, Teacher Origin looked like any ordinary man. He looked like a perfect introvert with the perfect innate character. He gave people around him a sense of comfort, like the refreshing spring breeze. He was on a totally different scale compared to the other great beings.

“Luo Feng, did you say Law of Chaos?” Teacher Origin asked persistently.

“Yes.” Luo Feng replied without delay. “Everything takes form because of the Law of Chaos, and the ultimate goal is for everything to return to the origin in order to comprehend the ultimate Law of Chaos. However, if we do manage to comprehend the Law of Chaos, then the power we gain will be even more formidable than that of Duan Dong River’s. The Law of Chaos, in other words, is the ultimate law. Gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, lightning, light, time, and space are the ten fundamental laws! We can use them to compose various combinations like the combination of gold and space to form the golden space path. Or the combination of wood and space to form the wooden space path! We can even form the Eight Beast Gods path, whereby the Eight Beast Gods path can also form various combinations among themselves. Of course, the combination of gold and time would be the golden time path, and that of fire and time would form the fire time path…”

As Luo Feng was speaking, Huge Axe could not help interrupting with his questions. “Gold, wood, water, fire, and earth are the five main elements. Do they not belong to the space type? How can they form a complete combination with time?”

“Everything is possible,” Luo Feng replied with a smile. “Because everything is formed amidst chaos, everything is possible…There are three laws that can be possibly combined or even four laws. Or maybe as many as five laws can be combined…” Luo Feng shook his head, then continued, “Of course… it is just like how some of the basic materials found on mineral planets can be used to form numerous universe planet ships.

“The ten fundamental laws will ultimately become the Law of Chaos. The mysteries, experiences, techniques, and hardships involved can get unbelievably trying. Burying one’s head or trying one’s luck will not equate to success. Anyone from the ancient civilization will know that the ten fundamental laws will ultimately become the Law of Chaos! Even for the pulse of Duan Dong River, when it has chosen the absolute heir who is extremely gifted and provides limitless guidance to help him in his cultivation, there is a possibility that this heir may be able to attain mastery of the Law of Chaos, but such cases were very rare.”

Luo Feng had seen the core inheritance. How the True God stage might be cultivated thereafter, and how many levels it was divided into, no one knew. However, from some things that were occasionally said about it, one could roughly come up with some information. For instance, a memory stone from the core inheritance once said that the number of people from the pulse of Duan Dong River who had mastered the Laws of Chaos was a miserable few.

What did this prove? One: not only one! Two: The most powerful three generations of ancestors from the pulse of Duan Dong River stood at the pinnacle of that ancient civilization. They were the strongest beings of the pulse of Duan Dong River, and since there was not one but three of them, he had obviously surpassed the level of mastering the Law of Chaos.

Luo Feng merely gave a short talk about the Law of Chaos since he knew very little about it. He only knew about the process of progressing from an undying to reach the ultimate limit of a universe supreme master (true god). Thereafter, Luo Feng continued to analyze the path of the laws on an even deeper level.

Everyone present, including Huge Axe, listened exceptionally carefully.

The white-robed Teacher Origin only looked on, observing everything happening without saying much. What attracted his attention was merely the information on the Law of Chaos. Nothing else mattered to him. Since he had been suppressed for such an endless time, if he were to head out, he needed full confidence in the fact that he could transcend a reincarnation. And if he dared to say he had full confidence, then naturally, he must have broken through the true god stage and reached another level that was beyond that of a universe supreme master.

This was why what Luo Feng was talking about was something new —and slightly interesting to him. What was truly helpful to him was the part mentioned earlier—that the ultimate target was to master the Law of Chaos. Earlier, Teacher Origin was still at a loss as to where he should start. Now, he had a direction. He knew he should follow this path and advance into the Law of Chaos.

Teacher Origin was watching everything happening before him. The white-robed Luo Feng was preaching. The other universe masters were listening intently.

The scene tugged at Teacher Origin’s heartstrings as he reminisced, “A long, long time ago, I also used to preach, just like what I am seeing now. I am the one who brought the human race up to ranks of a pinnacle race and made possible the first major turning point for our destiny. And this Luo Feng. He brings with him the wisdom of the entire ancient civilization, and he will be the one to bring about the second major turning point for my human race! And this time around, the change will be much more impactful and far-reaching.”

He understood that with Luo Feng teaching all he had learned, the human race would gradually undergo transformation. The number of universe knights would consistently increase, and there would be more and more universe masters emerging. Even the number of universe supreme masters would gradually increase. After this reincarnation era came to an end, the human race could become the greatest power in the entire Universe Ocean! Even stronger than the two holy lands!

“Humans…”

“Destiny…”

“Turning point…”

Teacher Origin listened silently. Although he was not sure whether he could possibly survive the suppression and gain his freedom, he still could see that in the future, the human race was going to be strong beyond words. Luo Feng’s preaching… Its influence would be pervasive.

Luo Feng started out with using layman’s terms to give a brief overview, then proceeded talking about some major guiding theories at great length; thereafter, he started to give a thorough elaboration of the various difficulties involved within each theory and how they should try to achieve breakthroughs and to become a universe supreme master from a universe master.

The topic of guiding theories alone took Luo Feng more than three months to complete sharing. Starting from the path of the laws, it took up almost every minute of his time to complete whatever he needed to say. If he were to start from his godly power, it would only take him half a day.

Because it was so difficult, few in the ancient civilization would want to begin their cultivation with godly power. Therefore, information related to this area was naturally a small amount. Probably only half a day’s time was required.

“These are all guiding theories, guiding thoughts.” Luo Feng laughed. “That is why it does not take me long to finish talking about them! When I return from the Universe Boat, I will bring back more detailed information about secret techniques of the inheritance. For example, information on combat methods. It is just that, all these techniques are boundless. Verbal sharing alone isn’t enough. Perhaps I could use my memory to show you all, but that would take far too long.”

Luo Feng had depended on the memory stones to infuse a large amount of memories into his mind, and that process alone took ages. Such a vast and powerful secret technique… Even thousands of eras spent preaching about it would never be considered enough time!

“Similar to the law of combined attacks of the Divine Eye Clan?”

“Some unique secret techniques?”

“The combat secret technique of a universe supreme master?”

Everyone was filled with eagerness to know more.

Luo Feng gave a hearty laugh and said, “A universe supreme master? From an undying to the ultimate limit of a universe supreme master, such a secret technique and various combat secret techniques… Even if there are thousands and millions of them, they mean nothing much because there are simply too many.”

There were countless manuals. Indeed, a deluge of them.

Previously, in the basic inheritance he accepted during the selection of candidates, Luo Feng had seen the 360 blade techniques. Now that he had become the master of a space of inheritance, among those 100 million inheritance stones, there were some that could contain thousands of different techniques within them. Those the pulse of Duan Dong River had collected were simply too numerous to keep track of.

“Of course, various manuals were only for reference purposes—to teach us all about the techniques universe supreme masters had,” said Luo Feng. “The more secret techniques you expose yourself to, perhaps you may develop an interest for something. The guiding theories and secret techniques are provided for reference. Anything more than these, you can only depend on yourselves. After all, this is a huge threshold! The difficulty levels of becoming a universe knight and a universe master are nothing compared to this. This is much tougher… External supplementary aid aside, this is entirely self-dependent.”

Everyone fell into deep thought, even Primal Chaos City Leader. It had been an impactful three months for them, and they all knew they should go about trying their best. But whether they could eventually succeed or not depended on themselves.

After all, knowing and being able to achieve something, were two matters exclusive of one another.

In Flame Ice Region of the Universe Boat, within the Boat of Mausoleum, amidst the cultivation space of the space of inheritance.

Luo Feng heaved a sigh of relief. “Finally, my lesson is done.” He shook his head helplessly. “I had not expected Huge Axe Creator to be such a difficult character to deal with. Sharing my teachings with the other teachers about how they can become universe supreme masters took me slightly more than three months at most. But sharing what I knew with Huge Axe about how to cultivate to the ultimate limit of a universe supreme master… actually took twelve years.”

Sharing his knowledge with Primal Chaos City Leader and Darkness Master, Luo Feng was burning with passion and filled with hope for the future of the human race.

On the other hand, while sharing with Huge Axe, he had started out with excitement, yet, toward the end, simply found it toilsome.

“I shall continue to study, then.”

Luo Feng continued to bury his head in comprehending right away. What he had accepted was the foundation of an entire ancient civilization. How extensive was that? Although everything was in his memory, studying it all certainly required a long time. Thus, Luo Feng was forced to make choices regarding what he should or should not comprehend.

He would mainly focus on two areas: namely, close-range combat blade techniques and spiritual weapons.

It had been 9,106 years since Luo Feng had become an heir.

“The studies have come to an end.” Luo Feng opened his eyes. “I may have acquired an immeasurable amount of knowledge, but it does not mean that the more I learn, the better my power becomes! I still must move on to cultivating the knowledge I have acquired.”

Knowledge alone was useless! Knowing how to use the knowledge was crucial!

The three core sets of lost knowledge of the pulse of Duan Dong River were Duan Mie—which literally meant “annihilation”—Dong Hua, and Undying River. They constituted the knowledge he had acquired but had yet to learn how to use.

He had given himself ample time to devise paths of advancement regarding his blade technique, spiritual weapons, and others. The paths that he would take… He already had them in place, yet not a single step was made.

“‘Annihilation’ is the most powerful body of knowledge for combat. It can unleash an incredible power in an instant. For now, even if I rely on the blade technique at the level of a universe supreme master, I am still weak in terms of godly power—maybe only at the fifth-tiered stage. If I were to make use of Annihilation, the body of lost knowledge created by three generations of ancestors… Tsk, tsk. It’s a hefty price to pay. If I use this move, the consumption of my godly body is going to be massive.”

“Dong Hua is pretty important to me. As for Undying River, there is no pressing need for it now. I have another body now, so there is no need for the cultivation of Undying River. When I have become a universe supreme master and all my bodies combine into one… When I only have one original body, then I will need to cultivate Undying River.”

Luo Feng put Undying River aside for the time being and started his cultivation of Annihilation and Dong Hua.


Chapter 1250: Space of Treasures

In East Emperor Universe, a cluster of palaces was constructed atop the mountains, and the entire palace grounds were divided into nine areas. If one were to look down from high above the sky, the view would seem like a gigantic beast where the whole cluster of palaces exuded an interminable air of malice. This was where North True Star Master resided—where there was a large number of undying servants and a handful of disciples who had come to seek advice.

In the main hall, North True Star Master’s avatar was seated in an elevated position within the great hall. With drooping eyelids, he was talking incessantly about the laws path, and in the middle of the hall, there were almost 100 universe knights who did not dare to get the least bit distracted. All were listening attentively…

“Eh?”

The universe knights seated beneath were all shocked when they realized that North True Star Master had suddenly stopped talking. They immediately looked up at him with doubtful expressions.

“We will stop here for now. All of you take your leave,” North True Star Master suddenly commanded.

Although all of them were quite confused, they obeyed with reverence. “Yes, Teacher.” Then they left the hall together, where only North True Star Master remained high up where he sat.

“Ancestor!” North True Star Master shouted respectfully.

A figure radiating a faint green light appeared. This was East Emperor Ancestor, and his appearance also brought about changes to that space within the great hall. No one from the outside could see what was inside, and so, there was no way they could discover anything.

East Emperor Ancestor’s voice rumbled and resonated within the great hall. “I have ordered you to bring along ten universe masters to stand guard in the Flame Ice Region, did you happen to chance upon Milky Way horde leader Luo Feng?”

North True Star Master bowed and replied respectfully, “Ancestor, since the inheritance ended, and after Blue Blood Knight and the rest failed, I acted according to your orders and stayed to keep watch at Flame Ice Region. I was never the slightest bit neglectful of my duties. There are various routes from all directions with the Boat of Mausoleum as the anchor point. Every moment when there were universe masters, I was keeping a close watch. No matter how powerful that Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng is, he would never be able to sneak away. Yet, after such a long time, I have not discovered any trace of him at all! Seems like he has not come out of the Boat of Mausoleum.”

“Do not lose vigilance,” East Emperor Ancestor said coldly. “Maybe there were other universe masters who helped him escape.”

“I have considered various situations thoroughly,” North True Star Master reported. “Hiding within world rings that other great beings carry, then leaving secretly—this is definitely a possible scenario. Yet a personal round of investigation showed that any great beings from other regions who tried in vain to go near the surroundings of Boat of Mausoleum were all stopped short. So far, we have blocked off 39 universe masters and two universe supreme masters! Our clan is powerful. A face-off with us would not end well, so until today, no one has dared to forcibly barge their way in. No one dared go in! Of course, it would not be possible for anyone to take Luo Feng away.”

“True.” East Emperor Ancestor nodded with satisfaction. “We must catch hold of Luo Feng! He has the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River. It is extremely important! Catch him… no matter what price we have to pay!”

“Understood,” North True Star Master replied with respect.

East Emperor Ancestor briefly nodded.

To East Emperor Holy Land, it was not considered beyond reason for almost 100 universe masters to die. There was a limit to the number of universe masters that the East Emperor Holy Land Universe can accommodate, and furthermore, it had existed for far too long and had accumulated a large batch of expectant universe masters. Blue Blood Knight, for one, was an expectant universe master. Once another universe master was annihilated, another batch of expectant universe master would very quickly make a breakthrough!

To the high and mighty East Emperor Ancestor, he was clear on what an inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River meant. Just a small portion of it could translate to infinite uses.

Deep within the internal domain of Universe Boat, within the vast Flame Ice Region, there was not a single great being in the surroundings of the Boat of Mausoleum. North True Star Master and ten other universe masters were scattered in their various hiding places, keeping a close watch over their designated regions.

“Ancestor just came looking for me,” North True Star Master notified via his transmission token.

“Again?”

“During our time of standing guard, Ancestor has looked you up thrice, North True. Seems like Ancestor places much importance on this inheritance. Throughout my entire life’s journey, I have never seen him get so uptight over anything before.”

“How can we not treat this with such reverence? You see, all ten of us are definitely ranked within the top 20 universe masters within East Emperor Holy Land. Out of ten, three of us already had supreme true treasures. But now? Ancestor has specially taken out seven supreme true treasures from the accumulated treasures the clan has collected over untold years, just for us. North True Star Master and the ten of us—now, each of us holds a supreme true treasure! Throughout Universe Ocean, I think only Purple Moon Holy Land and our clan will be able to achieve this. And for Purple Moon Holy Land to be able to take out so many supreme true treasures, I suppose that will require them to put in their utmost effort. Even for our clan, this was an extremely heavy burden.”

“True.”

“We all have a supreme true treasure. When confronted by a universe supreme master, we shall have no fear. Just one Luo Feng? Besides, North True Star Master only requires a fleeting moment to break free from the reins of the universe laws and speedily catch up with him. North True is the true principal force this time around.”

All of these universe masters held high social statuses. Even if they were conversing with North True Star Master and the few other universe supreme masters, they were usually on equal social standing. They were truly the top-tiered elites of East Emperor Holy Land, yet all of them were stationed here in endless waiting, just to apprehend a single Luo Feng.

This went to show how determined East Emperor Ancestor was!

In the Boat of Mausoleum, in the space of cultivation within the space of inheritance.

“Experiencing the long course of cultivation. Oh, how long it was!”

“The lost knowledge created by three generations of ancestors is all the more profound beyond comparison. I can’t stay here all the time.”

Sitting cross-legged on the grass patch, Luo Feng opened his eyes with a slight frown. “I still have to create my blade technique and complete several other tasks… and apparently, now, I feel that my law comprehension is simply too weak.”

The laws were one of his shortcomings. As he needed to get the pair of white wings to recognize him as its master, Golden Beast Path was stuck somewhere close to the completion of its seventh form. There, it remained stagnant, as Luo Feng simply did not dare to continue cultivating it. Besides, without truly comprehending the golden space law prior to studying secret techniques, there would be a blemish that would affect the progress of studies to a certain extent. As the studies got more profound, this influence would become more apparent.

“I must get out of here as fast as I can. I must get that pair of white wings as early as I can. Then I must cultivate Golden Space Path right away… First and foremost, I must break through to a universe master first.”

Upon breaking through to become a universe master, the godly power would change. Godly power represented the body. It also represented the soul! When soul and consciousness became stronger, it would be helpful in cultivation.

And after the laws were complete, studying the techniques would get much easier. Moreover, he also planned to comprehend all the ten fundamental laws, which were gold, wood, fire, earth, wind, lightning, light, time, and space!

His goals were far-sighted, and plans were extensive, so he had to improve fast enough. But it was still more advisable to seize that pair of white wings to achieve a breakthrough to becoming a universe master prior to further actions.

“As for the Boat of Mausoleum and the space of inheritance? I shall just bring everything along with me. When I return to the primal universe, I shall leave the Boat of Mausoleum and space of inheritance within my God Country. That is the safest place. Given my current combat ability, my earthling original body can unleash a fifth-stage top-tiered power. As for the endless Remote Ocean, even if I rely on Duan Mie—synonymous with “annihilation”—to boost the burning up my godly power, given the vastness of the endless Remote Ocean, the burning of godly power would not mean much even for a universe supreme master… It would be possible for him to fight his way out.”

Luo Feng was very confident. Nine Remoteness Master was a universe master, but when relying on Nine Remoteness Ocean, he feared no universe supreme master.

Luo Feng, although his godly power was weaker by a notch, had blade techniques comparable to the beginner level of a universe supreme master! This made up for the difference in godly power. Also, Duan Mie made it possible for him to unleash an extraordinary outburst of power! The amount of power unleashed could even become overkill. This was merely the ability of the impressive Remote Ocean…

After all, if Luo Feng’s earthling original body and golden horned beast body were to make use of Duan Mie, their godly bodies would be consumed too fast. That was why he would not use it so readily.

In the space of inheritance.

Luo Feng took one step out and passed the entrance of the space to arrive within the space of inheritance where there were various planes of treasures.

“Treasures!” Luo Feng raised his head to take a look.

He was surrounded by a void space, and a towering treasure mountain stood before him. At the top of the mountain peak, dazzling, brilliant streams shot up into the sky, all of which radiated boundless power. Every stream was strong enough to send tremors through Luo Feng’s mind.

It was as if hundreds of universe supreme masters were self-destructing. It was a landslide of power.

“A total of 322 precious treasures.” Luo Feng held his breath. “Generations of Duan Dong River, accumulating for countless years to finally reach a collection of 322 precious treasures. What a pity that I can only choose one, and this must be returned while I am still alive.”

This was the role. Generations of Duan Dong River had been doing so. Usually, they would take one piece. For those who were more powerful and had greater achievements, they might even be able to return two or three pieces even though they only took one, which was considered a way of contributing to the pulse of Duan Dong River. All these would be automatically recorded on the stone tablet of that treasure mountain.

All these treasures had a special name within the ancient civilization —the “meta-embryo”!

“Meta” held a highly respected meaning in the ancient civilization. Any treasure’s name prefixed with this word was considered a top-tiered grade treasure.

Embryo, on the other hand, meant the growing fetus. For a great being, different treasures were needed at different times. For instance, an undying with a supreme true treasure was useless because he was unable to use it at his level. That was why, even though true treasures might have emerged to full form, there was no way a great being could use them all the time.

That was where the term “meta-embryo” came about.

The meta-embryo was a unique treasure that had yet to take full form, so even undying fighters could start to use it! And, anyone could incorporate personal comprehensions of secret techniques into this treasure, where it would then have more secret engravings. For instance, Star Tower was extensively infused with layers of secret engravings, but the meta-embryo had none. It was blank and empty, and yet, merely relying on its basic power, it was already extremely strong.

A user could continuously infuse secret engravings, just like refining a true treasure. It was easy to infuse a meta-embryo with secret engravings!

For example, earlier on, Luo Feng had created three great blade techniques: Foggy Light Void Space, Golden Universe, and Nirvana Renaissance. Of these three, Nirvana Renaissance was a blade technique that had reached the level of a universe supreme master. Even for Luo Feng, he had to be fully focused in order to come up with a sketch of such incomparably massive secret engravings and to execute this technique.

The moment these secret engravings were all infused into the meta-embryo, there was only the need to drive it to execute it! Using the meta-embryo even while manipulating other true treasures in times of battle would not be a concern. And Nirvana Renaissance could ride on the power of the meta-embryo to execute an even greater force.

This was the meta-embryo: It was capable of continuous growth! As it got more and more powerful, more important secret engravings could be further integrated into it! And while it was growing, a meta-embryo was able to accompany an expectant great being until that great being matured to the most pinnacle level of the ancient civilization. At that time, the meta-embryo would also mature into a frightening top-tiered treasure.

“I can only choose one piece! What should I choose? How about the blade embryo?”

Luo Feng looked at the treasure mountain and heartily wished that he was allowed to take a few more pieces.


Chapter 1251: Blade Name Blood Shadow

The mountain of valuables was built by the three ancestral teachers, and it had many restrictions as well. Each inheritor owned a mark of inheritance, which was why they could take an embryo. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be able to do that.

“Ze Ze!” Luo Feng walked on the mountain of valuables and looked around.

The traces of light were so powerful that they could instantly kill universe supreme masters. However, with the special constraints of the mountain of valuables, each embryo was suppressed.

“Spiritual force weapons! Close combat weapons! Countless special weapons! This is a machine.”

Luo Feng looked around. There was an oval fortress which was as large as Universe Boat! This giant fortress had 18 levels of attack units, and the engravings on them were blank, which required users to fill them. There was also a special boat, and the boat was actually a world of manufacturing, which contained lots of conditions for making true treasures.

There was another golden embryo, which was Jie Mu Embryo. It was weak at the beginning, yet it had great potential. When it was cultivated, it could follow the path of the bug race to have a huge army, or to follow the elite path. Either way, it was much better than the Bug clan queen.

There was also a giant, human-shaped machine that could be used as armor! It could be used as a mech or a puppet! It had different uses depending on how it was reconstructed. The components inside didn’t have any engravings, and they could be reconstructed in many ways.

In the ancient civilization, there were close combat, distant attacks, automaton, valuables-making, and miscellaneous techniques. The former four were the mainstream, while the fifth one was a combination of all special techniques.

Each category had many branches. Close combat and distant attacks were extremely complicated. As for the automation category, there were “sea of machines techniques,” “original body techniques,” and “fortress techniques.” The embryos of the different techniques were different as well, and there were 72 types of embryos of automation.

“No wonder automation was so popular in the ancient civilization.” Luo Feng looked at all the embryos and he was tempted. “This is too powerful. Even if someone is less strong in laws and techniques, he can still kill his enemies with these machines. Unfortunately, I can only choose one.”

Luo Feng stood at the mountainside and looked at a giant stone blade. It was enormous. Even though it was plugged inside the mountainside, it was as tall as the entire mountain. There was gleaming light around the blade, and the shape was exquisite.

“There were three blade embryos. One of them is broad, one of them is thin, yet this one is my favorite.” The more Luo Feng looked at it, the more he fancied it. “It looks just like the blood shadow blade, yet it has a larger handle so that I can grab it with both hands. I’ll take it.”

Luo Feng walked to the front, held his breath, and put his hands on the large stone blade.

Just as he touched it, a film showed up on the blade, and countless law engravings started to flow, which were much more complicated than the law engravings he saw in the iceberg.

Hong!

The entire mountain of valuables started to tremble, and the corners started to glow. The engravings were shining along with the film. There was an inheritance mark between the eyebrows of Luo Feng.

They were resonating. And then, the films and light all disappeared, and Luo Feng’s life mark was branded on the giant blade.

“This blade embryo might be with me forever, until I reach the top or until I die.” Luo Feng lowered his head and stroked the blade. “I’ll call it Blood Shadow.”

It had simple Chinese characters on the blade. He’d used lots of blades as he grew up, but with his power growing, he’d been changing his blades. Now, he had finally found a blade that he was going to use forever. Blood Shadow Blade!

Blood Shadow Blade is so powerful that I can’t even measure it, thought Luo Feng. I might as well not take the blade out if I don’t want to kill my enemies.

The blade embryo was the only weapon he got after he became the new generation of Duan Dong River, and it was an exceptional weapon. It could already crack the space without being driven by any techniques or godly power. Plus, it could already rival the power of a fifth-level top-tier universe master. Even supreme true treasures couldn’t be this powerful without being driven. It was a valuable that was superior to supreme true treasures, and there was only one level of engraving on it!

Former generations of Duan Dong River, thought Luo Feng. Even if you despise those supreme true treasures, you can at least put some in the space of inheritance.

Other than those valuables embryos, there wasn’t a single supreme true treasure. The stones of memories left by former generations of Duan Dong River had clear records. Each generation of Duan Dong River only left an embryo.

As for other true treasures? Other skills? They needed to be fought for by the following generations of Duan Dong River! After all, the juniors needed to fight to grow, and they couldn’t do so if they only depended on the valuables left by the seniors.

The silver-armored form of Luo Feng left the space of valuables and entered the main area of the space of inheritance. He stood in the sky.

“Come!” Luo Feng waved his hands, and a trace of light flew toward him and floated in front of him. It was an octagon token: the control center of Boat of Mausoleum.

“The former generations of Duan Dong River didn’t leave any machines for me in the space of inheritance. However, this Boat of Mausoleum is a machine. And my Shi Wu Wings are a machine as well.”

Luo Feng easily controlled the center of the Boat of Mausoleum. “Space of inheritance” and “Blood Shadow Blade” were the most precious objects, followed by Star Tower and Shi Wu Wing, then followed by Boat of Mausoleum.

Shi Wu Wing and Boat of Mausoleum were both machines. Boat of Mausoleum wasn’t very powerful, yet he could control some dangerous components inside, so it was definitely a machine.

As for Shi Wu Wing, it was an “original-body fighting” machine! This kind of machine usually just helped its user. Shi Wu Wing would only be a mere true treasure if it didn’t have an origin. The origin was like an engine, and the godly power of great beings was transformed into terrific energies through the origin; they were let out through the wings.

Flame Ice region.

Boat of Mausoleum, floating in the sky, immediately disappeared. A silver-armored and silver-booted man carrying a stone blade appeared.

“Teacher Primal Chaos City Leader said that both Eastern Emperor Holy Land and Purple Moon Holy Land have great beings hidden here to catch the inheritor.” Luo Feng looked around and hid the Boat of Mausoleum and space of inheritance. “However, I’m not afraid of them now. I hope they leave me no choice but to use Blood Shadow Blade.”

Luo Feng waved his hands, and a bloody tower showed up. It was Star Tower. Luo Feng went into the tower and flew away.

He made the technique Nirvana Renaissance, and it had the power of the fifth-level universe master with Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor. If he used Blood Shadow Blade, which was superior to supreme true treasures…

“Although I can’t fight universe supreme masters now, they can’t kill me.” Luo Feng was confident. “Once I become a universe master and have more godly power…”

Luo Feng would be the most terrific universe master in the history of Universe Ocean. Universe masters only had six levels before. However, Luo Feng might have been at the seventh or even the eighth level!


Chapter 1252: Block Him!

How big was the Boat of Mausoleum?

A group of super great beings with North True Star Master as their leader had been keeping the other party from East Emperor Holy Land under close watch. Not even one dared to let his guard down; even without other various means of detection, they could see the Boat of Mausoleum in the distance with their naked eyes!

“The Boat of Mausoleum has disappeared!”

“Disappeared? It was here just a moment ago, and the Boat of Mausoleum has suddenly disappeared!”

“Hurry, hurry, hurry. Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng must have acted. Everyone, be mindful of every single corner. Do not let him get away.”

North True Star Master and the other ten universe masters were on high alert. From their position, although they could see a big object like the Boat of Mausoleum without any visual aids, Luo Feng was now on board his crimson tower, which was extremely small—so small that it was impossible for the human eye to detect it. As for their other detection methods, they had not dared to use any of these to cover any region within the Boat of Mausoleum before. Because they were all afraid of incurring the wrath of that Duan Dong River.

“All of you better keep your eyes open.” North True Star Master tensed up right away and started giving orders. “You cannot be the least bit careless. The moment anyone discovers any palace type true treasure or any flying objects, you have to stop them! Do not ever let Luo Feng escape.”

“Understood!”

“Understood!”

One by one, the universe masters replied.

“Ancestor has already reminded us countless times!” North True Star Master shouted. “This matter is of utmost importance. And at domains even further out from the peripheral area, other groups of powers from Purple Moon Holy Land and the first reincarnation era are all laying ambush. Everyone wants to be the one to catch hold of that heir, so we must be careful not to let the other groups of power gain any advantage over us.”

“North True, we all have supreme true treasures throughout Flame Ice Region. None of the other groups of powers are as well-equipped as us. How are they going to fight us?”

All were triggered with the same discovery!

The lofty Boat of Mausoleum that was suspended in midair had suddenly disappeared. Not only East Emperor Holy Land realized this, but one by one, the other groups of powers from Purple Moon Holy Land and first reincarnation era—even the various other groups of powers that were all waiting in ambush further away—started to realize what had happened. The various groups of powers that were originally as peaceful as calm waters were, at that moment, all starting to stir with excitement like bubbling water about to reach boiling point.

“The Boat of Mausoleum has disappeared!”

“The heir is about to make an appearance.”

“This is our clan’s final hope of transcending reincarnation! Catch that heir!”

“No matter how great a potential this heir has, no matter how big a threat he is! Just like how any great being who wants to grow up needs time, even if this heir has received the inheritance, there is no way his power can improve by leaps and bounds in such a short time! Once doomsday arrives, all of our clan will be exterminated. In the face of doomsday, nothing else matters! There is no need to bother about whether we are up against East Emperor Holy Land or Purple Moon Holy Land… Holy land universe, so what? Just grab it!”

“This is our final hope.”

First True Master, Third True Master, Fourth True Master, Fifth True Master, and Sixth True Master of the Divine Eye Clan looked at one another. Since the competition for the inheritance began, two from their group had been annihilated. Now, there were only five true masters left in the whole Divine Eye Clan, and this time around, for the sake of catching that heir, all five of them had gathered. However, gathering too many gifted talents in the same place and at the same time could bring devastating results. Having already suffered a great loss, the Divine Eye Clan was careful to maintain a low profile this time around.

“Let’s lay low and watch first. We shall just let Purple Moon Holy Land and East Emperor Holy Land battle it out! And the other groups of powers from the first reincarnation era… The fight for the heir is not that simple.”

“True. To be able to receive the inheritance from the pulse of Duan Dong River, that heir must have great survival means. To catch hold of him is not easy. We shall observe the situation first and find the perfect opportunity. Then all five of us will act together. With our combined power, we will catch that heir in one swift move!”

“Yes.”

Five pairs of eyes were ignited with blazing light. This time, it would be a battle major enough to change their destiny.

At one point in time, the entire Flame Ice region was raging like a storm with various groups of powers laying ambush. Among them, the majority did not even know who the heir was. But that did not matter to them, all they wanted, was to catch that heir!

“If Blue Blood Knight is the one appearing, then we will catch Blue Blood Knight. If Milky Way Luo Feng appears, we will catch Milky Way Luo Feng.”

This was everyone’s plan.

Luo Feng long knew that a gigantic net was laid to ambush him the moment he made his way out into the outside world; his human race had warned him in advance and told him to stay inside the Boat of Mausoleum for the time being if he did not have the confidence of surviving. But Luo Feng had skills and guts, so he was filled with confidence.

“Gigantic net or not, I will break through it all.”

The crimson tower transformed into a stream of light and advanced at high speed!

The miniature crimson tower was so tiny that it could easily escape the naked eye.

“This… flying palace! I discovered a flying palace! It is that crimson tower! It’s Luo Feng’s!” Mi Ya Master from East Emperor Holy Land immediately transmitted his sighting to the others. “He is heading toward my region now.”

North True Star Master was greatly delighted and immediately transmitted his reply. “Mi Ya, I am rushing over now.”

“Great.”

Mi Ya Master also transformed into a streak of light without further delay and advanced along the same route to welcome the oncoming tower.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

North True Star Master manipulated his supreme true treasure and advanced at a speed that was so fast it exceeded the limit of the universe laws. The acceleration was 1,000 times that of light speed, then increased to 10,000 times, then up to 100,000 times. In a split second, it soared all the way up. And yet Luo Feng merely maintained his speed at 100 times light speed.

Mi Ya Master had yet to meet up with Luo Feng. North True Star Master had already arrived!

A voice was transmitted to the crimson tower right away: “Milky Way Horde Leader, how about making a trip to my holy land with me? East Emperor Holy Land Ancestor will be most pleased to meet you.”

“Mm?”

Within the control room inside the crimson tower, Luo Feng stood with a stone blade on his back as his gaze penetrated through the obstruction posed by the walls of Star Tower to look at the outside world.

“East Emperor Holy Land?” Luo Feng whispered. “Truly worthy of being a top power. Still the first to act. That must be North True Star Master. I heard he has been obstructing various other groups within the Boat of Mausoleum for quite some time.”

“North True Star Master!” Luo Feng communicated right away via voice transmission. “I have some urgent matters to tend to back at the original universe. After I am back from there, I will make my way to East Emperor Holy Land. It won’t be too long at all. What do you think of my suggestion?”

“Seems like even to my holy land ancestor, Milky Way Horde Leader is not intending to show due respect,” North True Star Master said politely, even though he was sneering on the inside. Return to the original universe? If Luo Feng truly set foot in the original universe, all other parties would not be able to enter. Then it would become impossible to catch him.

“Is this the way East Emperor Holy Land invites its guest? By forcing the invitation upon them?” Luo Feng was still very composed and confident.

“Humph! Then blame me not.”

North True Star Master manipulated that gigantic, black, polyhedral sphere and parked it at a spot above the crimson tower. Then one of the surfaces of the gigantic black sphere suddenly cracked open to reveal a large, empty hole. An incredibly strong suction force acted and pulled on Star Tower without warning, attempting to forcibly suck Star Tower into the hole.

“Keep!” North True Star Master said, manipulating it to the very best of his abilities.

“Humph!”

The crimson tower under the attack of the suction force suddenly vanished into thin air. In its place was an even smaller Boat of Mausoleum.

A moment prior, when Luo Feng met with the attack of that suction force, he was unwilling to put Star Tower at any risk. Even though Star Tower was a supreme true treasure and should have been competent enough to ward off such attacks, Star Tower required his godly power to activate it. With the gigantic net that was set outside to besiege him, relying on Star Tower alone might be too tiring. Whereas with an automaton type like the Boat of Mausoleum, things would be much easier.

The Boat of Mausoleum had also been remodeled by Duan Dong River. Regardless of what supreme true treasure was used, trying to take it down by force was out of the question. Also, it only required a little consumption of Luo Feng’s godly power. Then he could use the various energies from the Boat of Mausoleum to activate it. Everything was simple, yet the power he could execute was strong.

“The Boat of Mausoleum!” North True Star Master looked down and saw a vessel appearing. His expression changed instantly. This was a special Boat of Mausoleum that had undergone Duan Dong River’s remodeling, and it was where the Divine Eye Clan’s Second True Master and Seventh True Master had met their ends.

“Surrender to me.” North True Star Master tried his best to make use of the suction force of his supreme true treasure to take the Boat of Mausoleum into captivity.

Hong!

The suction force was useless, whereas the Boat of Mausoleum started to expand with a rumble and grew insanely big.

Previously, the Boat of Mausoleum was the size of a fist, but in the blink of an eye, it became a massive vessel around 100 billion kilometers long. And this massive Boat of Mausoleum started to take flight, advancing in a mighty manner, paying no heed and showing no response to the suction power that North True Star Master was executing over it.

“Not good.” North True Star Master was aware that it would be impossible for him to try to consume this Boat of Mausoleum with his suction power. “Block him!”

Hong!

North True Star Master continued to manipulate the gigantic black sphere and rammed into the Boat of Mausoleum with a thunderous boom. How fast was he flying that black sphere? The Boat of Mausoleum was merely maintaining its speed at 100 times of light speed; there was no way it could evade the collision. Like Mars hitting Earth, this gigantic black sphere crashed straight into the Boat of Mausoleum.

Bang!

The Boat of Mausoleum merely gave a slight tremor. Then the impact of the collision was entirely diminished as it continued to advance in its mighty manner.

“Can’t be stopped!” North True Star Master was getting very distressed. “This—this… This Luo Feng is using his godly power to drive that Boat of Mausoleum. How can he be so powerful?”

The Boat of Mausoleum was an automaton type. To activate and drive it, a part of it required godly power. The other part of it depended on the power of the Boat of Mausoleum itself. Furthermore, this Boat of Mausoleum had been remodeled.

Regardless of the aspect—be it defense, strength of impact, flight, etc.—it was much more powerful than an ordinary Boat of Mausoleum by ten times or even 100 times. If an ordinary Boat of Mausoleum was considered to be a normal boat, then this vessel that was remodeled by Duan Dong River himself would be considered a universe planet ship! Naturally, it was on a different level. It was not on the same scale of comparison.

“North True Star Master, let me stop him.” Mi Ya Master had now made his way over.

“Hurry! Hurry, and trap him!” North True Star Master said.

“Go!”

A massive purple light immediately sliced across the sky and started to expand. It continuously expanded as it enveloped the Boat of Mausoleum from behind! This massive purple light was, in fact, a supreme true treasure in the form of a strange and special web. It was specially designed to restrain and entrap enemies.

“Bind, bind, bind!” Mi Ya Master was trying his best to keep the situation under control.

Yet regardless of how the purple web tried to bind and restrain, block and obstruct, the Boat of Mausoleum continued to advance mightily; the purple web was only a cover over its surface like a decorative layer of cloth. It did not have any influence over the Boat of Mausoleum whatsoever.

“Can’t stop him—I can’t stop him!” Mi Ya Master’s level of anxiety reached a new high.

“Then—then just attack!” Even North True Star Master was getting fidgety.

The suction force was not working. Resistance was not working either. Neither was the supreme true treasure used to bind and trap enemies! How else could they stop Luo Feng?

“This Boat of Mausoleum can completely block off all forms of godly power.” North True Star Master was in great distress now as he immediately transformed into a dazzling streak of light. This massive, arc-like light viciously struck the Boat of Mausoleum, which merely gave a slight tremor in response. Thereafter, as though nothing had happened, it continued to advance mightily. “Useless!” North True Star Master glared after it. “Even material attacks are pointless!”

Any and every method was futile against the Boat of Mausoleum! Attempting to trap it would be asking for the impossible!

There was no trace of sentimental attachment displayed by the Boat of Mausoleum. It continued to advance at high speed, making its way far into the distance. And in the distance, there was a large crowd of super beings from the Purple Moon Holy Land and the first reincarnation era.

“Haha! This Boat of Mausoleum is very powerful indeed,” said Luo Feng. “Maybe I should just drive it like this, recklessly and haphazardly, and barge out of the Universe Boat.”

Luo Feng was carefree and at ease. Disregarding all the supreme true treasures and universe supreme masters in his path and moving ahead with such reckless behavior, this feeling was certainly refreshing. It was the charm of an automaton type true treasure.


Chapter 1253: A Deal

Hong! Long!

The massive Boat of Mausoleum advanced mightily. It was unstoppable.

“What should we do, North True?” Mi Ya Master asked via voice transmission. “If we still don’t stop him and let him advance further… he will soon go beyond our area of control. In the peripheral region, there is Purple Moon Holy Land, and the group of power from the first reincarnation era; such a large group of super great beings out there! There are even as many as 20 to 30-odd universe supreme beings present!”

“I know!” North True was also very anxious.

He was aware of the situation. Luo Feng might have been an heir, but the groups of powers from the Universe Ocean honestly did not fear this heir. Without even considering those from the first reincarnation era—who did not even fear their quickly approaching doomsday and were capable of doing anything—it was just these two holy land universes. With the commands given to them by their two great ancestors, they were naturally even more fearless.

This time, East Emperor Holy Land was relying on the quantity of supreme true treasures it had! And it was also relying on the fact that the other groups were not united and that this was within the innermost control region.

There were other reasons, of course, for why other groups of powers were willing to stay on the periphery. Other than their lack of unity and strength, the more important reason was that they did not believe that an heir of the pulse of Duan Dong River could be so easily apprehended! At most, if they saw that the situation was unfavorable to them, they would charge forward with brute force.

“What should we do, what should we do?” North True Star Master was anxious and frustrated, racking his brains to thinking of ways to stop Luo Feng or to trap him.

“Go!” North True Star Master stood within the void space and with a sudden wave, a gigantic, polyhedral black sphere instantly transformed into a dazzling ray of black light. As it continued flying, the black light ray grew thicker and larger. In terms of physical size, it was bigger than the Boat of Mausoleum.

Soon after, a loud rumble was heard as the ray of black light crashed straight into the Boat of Mausoleum. The Boat of Mausoleum trembled but was not the least bit damaged.

In his state of anxiety, North True Star Master’s avatar in the Holy Land Universe asked East Emperor Ancestor for help right away.

“Ancestor, Ancestor!” said North True Star master. “That Milky Way Horde Leader, Luo Feng, is driving the Boat of Mausoleum out, but we are unable to stop him. Even our supreme true treasures are useless! What should we do now?”

East Emperor Ancestor appeared out of nowhere. “Can’t apprehend him? Can’t stop him?”

“No way—no way at all!” North True Star Master replied. “This Boat of Mausoleum is much more powerful than the one we obtained previously. After Duan Dong River remodeled it, this Boat of Mausoleum is extraordinary. No matter what method we try— nabbing, entrapping, bounding, or even soul attacks and material attacks—all means are to no avail.”

East Emperor Ancestor was frustrated, too. What could be done? This time around, he had sent out a team of their top ten best sixth-tier universe masters to support North True! And he even gave North True Star Master several supreme true treasures. Even if the enemy had a supreme true treasure palace, by right, North True Star Master should be able to entrap him without much difficulty.

“Duan Dong River’s reputation is well earned.” East Emperor Ancestor frowned. “You have been following Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng!” he shouted. “Make sure you have him in sight at all times. This time, it is not only us. That Purple Moon is also after him… especially the lunatics from the first reincarnation era who are willing to do anything. You should make sure you follow him close enough and wait for your chance to strike… Once the perfect opportunity arrives, snatch it from Luo Feng.”

“What if I fail to snatch it away?” North True Star Master asked, very worried.

What a joke! More than half of the universe supreme masters from the first reincarnation era, a handful of universe supreme masters from the second reincarnation era, and probably one or two universe supreme masters from the primal universe had turned up to lay ambush. This area alone had 20 to 30 universe supreme masters— not to mention the number of universe masters, which was similar to that of the universe supreme masters. It was chaotic to a certain degree, and regardless of how formidable he was, it worried North True Star Master that he might not be able to catch hold of Luo Feng.

“What if you fail to snatch it…?” East Emperor Ancestor hesitated for a while, then gave his orders. “You will do this…”

After he had finished listening to East Emperor Ancestor’s orders, North True Star Master was in great shock.

“This—this… this is too…” North True Star Master was in disbelief.

“Just do as I say,” East Emperor Ancestor instructed.

“Yes,” North True Star Master replied deferentially.

But in his heart, he was mumbling his complaints as he thought to himself, Luo Feng is certainly one lucky fellow.

Flame Ice region, because it was where an heir of the pulse of the Duan Dong River from the ancient civilization emerged, therefore it became the region where a great number of great beings from the Universe Ocean gathered.

“It’s the Boat of Mausoleum!”

“The heir is driving the Boat of Mausoleum out now. East Emperor Holy Land did not manage to catch or stop it!”

“Our chance is here!”

“Action time!”

In the external domain, Purple Moon Holy Land alone was not enough to fully control the situation, and the various groups of powers from the first reincarnation era were so anxious that they could not hold back at all. One by one, the universe supreme masters were all launching attacks right away. Up in midair… streams of powerful yet terrifying attacks were launched so extensively that they could easily contort and shatter an entire space. There were some who tried in vain to swallow the Boat of Mausoleum, and there were some who directly threw attacks to create a commotion! The more chaotic it was… the higher chances the weaker ones had to fish in troubled waters.

Hong! Peng! Hua!

The Boat of Mausoleum vibrated and trembled repeatedly.

“Roar!”

A gigantic beast that was longer than one light year came roaring by. Its huge, scaly wings were outspread, and its mouth opened to reveal a bottomless black hole. In one gulp, it devoured the Boat of Mausoleum.

Peng! Hong! Hong!

Almost instantly, a total of nine supreme true treasures were crashing and ramming into that gigantic beast, causing it to tremble and quiver, then collapse and disintegrate.

“Loathsome!”

From afar, Divine Eye Clan’s First True Master, Third True Master, Fourth True Master, Fifth True Master, and Sixth True Master looked furious. Earlier, they had waited for the right opportunity to strike, and when they saw how the Boat of Mausoleum was seemingly losing control over its ability of flight upon being continuously attached by various parties, they took immediate action, forming Eternal True God Beast and devouring the Boat of Mausoleum in one mouthful!

“You idiots from Divine Eye Clan! Are you thinking of seizing the heir of the pulse of Duan Dong River? In your dreams.” A huge skeleton seated on a faraway white throne let out a hoarse shout. “My Skeleton Clan had our eyes on you all long ago.”

“Skeleton clan!” The five true masters of Divine Eye Clan got even more furious.

The Divine Eye clan from the first reincarnation era and the Skeleton clan were formidable clans. When they were still living in the primal universe, the Skeleton clan was once rampant throughout the universe, defeating other clans and groups of powers one after another. Their arrogance was beyond words, but after the emergence of the Divine Eye clan, they quickly suppressed the Skeleton clan; since then, the Skeleton Clan had been kept under suppression.

The two clans had fought one another for almost three reincarnation eras. Previously, when the seven true masters had joined forces, their concerted efforts had brought about complete suppression of Skeleton clan, but now… with two fewer true masters, when the two clans faced one another in battles, it was virtually effortless for the Skeleton clan.

“What a bunch of lunatics.”

Being devoured in one mouthful by that gigantic beast earlier had certainly dealt Luo Feng a good shock. He had been prepared to manipulate the Boat of Mausoleum into high acceleration to blast the beast into bits and pieces, but at that moment, the other universe supreme masters had rained attacks on the beast, causing it to break and fall apart.

“Within just ten seconds, 16 supreme true treasures were attacking me.”

Luo Feng was also thunderstruck while in the control hall of the Boat of Mausoleum. He had expected to find himself within an inescapable dragnet, yet it was still a shock to fall within one. After all, prior to these attacks, the universe supreme masters were still quite a distance away from him, and under normal circumstances, universe supreme masters would not stoop so low as to fight against those who were below them in terms of social status.

The only time this happened was when Virtual-Real Devil God wanted to exterminate him, but his attacks had been warded off when Double-Face Ancestral God intervened. Virtual-Real Devil God had not looked upon Luo Feng as a worthy opponent in the first place… To Virtual-Real Devil God, dealing with Luo Feng was a minor matter, or probably just a matter of convenience.

This time, it was different! More than half of the universe supreme masters from the first reincarnation era and other universe supreme masters had all made him their target, and all of them were going crazy trying to seize him.

Hong! Long!

Ah-wuuu!

“Roar!”

All kinds of noises resounded.

Be it palace type supreme true treasure or spiritual force weapon type supreme true treasure or close-combat type supreme true treasure, one after another, they all fell onto the Boat of Mausoleum. This was a great eye-opener of Luo Feng. All the supreme true treasures of the entire Universe Ocean added up was, in fact, quite a sorry amount. Normally, supreme true treasures were owned by universe supreme masters, and that very day, almost one-third of the total number of universe supreme masters were gathered at the same place, trying to seize Luo Feng.

“It’s not working out! I cannot move this Boat of Mausoleum at all. There isn’t even a scratch to be found on the Boat of Mausoleum, much less a crack. It continues flying ahead. We cannot even get it to stop.”

All the universe supreme masters first entered a state of frenzy. Soon, the realization dawned upon them of how terrifying the Boat of Mausoleum was. Even the major clans who initially wreaked havoc on purpose because they were afraid the other groups of powers would successfully seize the heir did not dare to create more trouble.

Similar to how the gigantic beast by Divine Eye Clan had been attacked until it crumbled the moment it was formed, various groups now seemed to have a tacit understanding that no one should start creating trouble.

Suddenly, there was a surge of powerful attacks.

“I don’t believe that with so many great beings around, a single Boat of Mausoleum cannot be taken down.”

“Now that the Skeleton Clan is not creating any more trouble, we should act quickly.”

There was a frightening outburst of attacks. Three lofty, huge golden fingers appeared out of thin air and immediately grabbed onto the Boat of Mausoleum, but to no avail. The Boat of Mausoleum continued to fly ahead as it forcibly pulled the three huge golden fingers along with it…

The gigantic beast of the Divine Eye Clan appeared once again to bite the Boat of Mausoleum. Yet the Boat of Mausoleum continued to fly ahead. The driving force of flight was so powerful that it could force the gigantic beast to fly along with it, and as it flew, it was continuously expanding at the same time. That very moment, the universe supreme masters from various groups of powers were getting anxious, and everyone started attacking in their attempt to break apart that beast.

“How could the driving force of flight of that Boat of Mausoleum be so powerful? Even for a palace type supreme true treasure, while it can block off attacks from various parties, the most it could do while warding off attacks would be to remain unmoving at its spot. But this Boat of Mausoleum is able to continue flying. Its flying power is even more powerful than the total binding force of ten supreme true treasures put together.”

Joint efforts were futile. It could not be stopped! The various groups were aware… Luo Feng had no difficulty flying ahead until he was out of the Universe Boat and back into the primal universe!

“Haha…” Within the Boat of Mausoleum, Luo Feng was exceptionally at ease. He was able to bring all the pinnacle existences of the Universe Ocean to their wits’ end. Such a sense of satisfaction was simply unbeatable.

A voice transmission was directed to the Boat of Mausoleum via godly power. “Luo Feng!”

Luo Feng, who was in control of the Boat of Mausoleum, obviously knew.

“I am North True Star Master representing East Emperor Ancestor, and I would like to suggest a deal.” North True Star Master transmitted his voice message.

“A deal? East Emperor Ancestor?” Thoughts sprang up in his mind.

In a faraway corner of Flame Ice region.

Faintly, time and space were contorted. This contorted space concealed a green mountain.

“The pulse of Duan Dong River… Truly worthy of his reputation!” Sitting Mountain Guest looked afar with a smile. “The previous Duan Dong River remodeled the Boat of Mausoleum to make it so powerful. Seems like I was overly worried.”

“I would really love to take a look at the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River. There should be much information on how the pulse of his Duan Dong River went about refining treasures. After all, this was one of the pinnacle inheritances; it was just that, under the willpower of the primal universe… even for this disciple of mine, he may not know the truly profound part of the pulse of Duan Dong River.”

Sitting Mountain Guest gently shook his head.

Soon after, this contorted space and time resumed normality. Sitting Mountain Guest had secretly left the scene.


Chapter 1254: A Suggestion from Eastern Emperor Ancestor

Even if the universe supreme masters were using all the techniques they had, Luo Feng was still completely safe in Boat of Mausoleum. After all, after its recognizing Luo Feng as its master, Luo Feng knew all the power of Boat of Mausoleum, besides, he concentrated on the deal proposed by North True Star Master.

“A deal with me?” Luo Feng was shocked, and thoughts flooded his mind.

Who’s Eastern Emperor Ancestor?

He was the ancestor of the oldest holy land of Universe Ocean, and he was also the richest one.

“What kind of deal?” Luo Feng transmitted his voice.

North True Star Master relieved as he finally got a response as it was better than nothing. North True Star Master transmitted his voice to the surface of Boat of Mausoleum, “First, congratulations for getting the inheritance of Duan Dong River. About the deal, our ancestor said that he needs the inheritance, and inheritance you’re about to get…Of course, the ancestor doesn’t care about the valuables, memory inheritance is all that matters.”

“Memory inheritance?” Luo Feng sneered. “North True Star Master, don’t you think Eastern Emperor Ancestor is overthinking? I got the inheritance after defeating hundreds of thousands of competitors, why does the ancestor think he can just take my inheritance? Don’t even count on it.”

“We can offer everything.” North True Star Master wasn’t angry. He went on saying, “Our race has the oldest holy land out of Universe Ocean, much older than that Purple Moon Holy Land. We also got lots of inheritance, and we even know some hidden secrets of Universe Ocean, and we also have the most supreme true treasures. As long as you say yes, the hidden inheritance, the secrets and even supreme true treasures, just name your price.”

“No deal!” answered Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was indeed tempted by the offer, after all, Universe Ocean was so mysterious and there were so many unknown things. Eastern Emperor Ancestor might know the best. Secrets, supreme true treasures, they were all tempting him. However, memory inheritance was the utmost important thing in Duan Dong River bloodline, and he had made a vow, he couldn’t betray the vow.

North True Star Master said, “It’s just memory inheritance.”

“Say no more. If this is the deal, then don’t think about it,” said Luo Feng.

North True Star Master had expected this to happen. Eastern Emperor Ancestor had already told him that he didn’t have much hope, and he also said that an inheritance that only had one inheritor each generation must have a way to prevent secrets from being let out.

“How about part of the memory inheritance?” asked North True Star Master.

“Part?” Luo Feng didn’t refuse it. “Which part does the ancestor want?”

North True Star Master rejoiced in his heart.

It was good as long as the conversation was still going.

“Of course, the practice experience,” said North True Star Master. “Our ancestor wants the more complicated experience.”

“Your ancestor truly knows what’s the most valuable.” Luo Feng grinned.

Among the memory inheritance, there were ‘three techniques’ left by the three ancestral teachers, which was the core of the core; there was normal core memory inheritance, which was gathered by each generation of Duan Dong River and recorded the experience of other supreme beings; there was also ordinary inheritance, which was made up of over a hundred million memory stones, and they were all basic inheritance, and only few of them could surpass ‘true gold’ level.

Without doubt, extremely complicated practice experience was invaluable. Even the experience from great beings outside Duan Dong River would be included into the core inheritance if it was collected by Duan Dong River. That Eastern Emperor Ancestor wanted that kind of inheritance, which meant he knew how important it was.

Unfortunately, extremely complicated and sophisticated practice memory inheritance was all core, so Luo Feng couldn’t let it out at all.

“Perhaps I can trick him.” Luo Feng thought. “My race doesn’t have a solid foundation, and we don’t have enough valuables. Perhaps I can trick that Eastern Emperor Ancestor into giving me some supreme true treasures, then we humans will be much stronger.” After all, he was the only one who knew about Duan Dong River inheritance.

Which meant it was likely that he could succeed.

And there was no downside even if he failed.

Eastern Emperor Ancestor wouldn’t just rush out. The two ancestors didn’t get out of holy lands during the inheritance in Boat of Mausoleum, and neither did they show up when he was being encircled. Obviously, there was something stopping them from getting out.

Even the inheritance from Duan Dong River didn’t persuade them to get out, not to mention some supreme true treasures.

“Heng, part of the inheritance.” Thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind. He said coldly after making up his mind, “Even I can’t give out the inheritance of Duan Dong River.

“It’s possible!” North True Star Master secretly rejoiced as he knew a lot from Eastern Emperor Ancestor.

He immediately added, “Of course, we won’t force you to leak the information that you’re forbidden to leak… Our ancestor only wants the practice experience. Duan Dong River is so ancient, so it must’ve gathered lots of training experience of other supreme beings. You can just exchange those with my race.”

“That ancestor indeed knows a lot.” Luo Feng was shocked. Unfortunately, that Eastern Emperor Ancestor didn’t know that even the training experience of great beings outside Duan Dong River was included in the core inheritance.

“No wonder it’s Eastern Emperor ancestor, he indeed knows a lot,” said Luo Feng. “There’s indeed some experience of great beings outside Duan Dong River.”

North True Star Master got more excited.

“However, there was only inheritance of three supreme beings,” said Luo Feng.

“It might be more than three.” North True Star Master thought to himself, but he didn’t ask more questions.

“Milky Way Horde Leader! Name your price! Our ancestor wants the inheritance from those three great beings,” said North True Star Master.

“We can talk about my price later,” said Luo Feng. “Doesn’t the ancestor know that the memory inheritance that surpasses universe supreme masters is affected by the will of the original universe?”

“Haha, of course, he knows,” said North True Star Master. “However, Duan Dong River should be using something like memory stones to store the information. You’re not powerful enough to know the information, yet our ancestor has already transcended the incarnation… Just give the objects like memory stones to our ancestor, and he can see it.”

Luo Feng was dazed.

That was right.

Though he couldn’t see it, the great beings who transcended incarnations could.

“Can we talk about your price now?” asked North True Star Master.

“Ten supreme true treasures! The hidden inheritance of your race! And the secrets of Universe Ocean!” said Luo Feng.

North True Star Master was shocked.

It was a huge price.

Ten supreme true treasures? Even in Eastern Emperor Holy Land, there were only few supreme true treasures as the ancestors never went out of holy land and only universe masters adventured Universe Ocean… Besides, the supreme true treasures were largely owned by universe masters themselves, so there was only a limited storage. If it was Purple Moon Holy Land, it might need to take supreme true treasures from other universe masters and universe supreme masters.

Even it was Eastern Emperor Holy Land, it might use up all its storage!

“This, this is…” North True Star Master wanted Luo Feng to cut down his price. “Our race knows a lot about secret inheritance and secrets in Universe Ocean.”

“What inheritance? What secrets? Those are just additional things,” yelled Luo Feng. “Do you really think the secret inheritance you know can rival mine? As for secrets? Those are just secrets a long time ago, and I just want to satisfy my curiosity. I have no problem not knowing them.”

North True Star Master felt helpless.

“Ten supreme true treasures it is. Besides, I need one for each category,” said Luo Feng.

North True Star Master was infuriated.

It was not that easy!

Even universe supreme masters needed to fight for supreme true treasures! The supreme masters from Easter Emperor Holy Land were relatively weak as they didn’t have their ‘small universes’ anymore, so they rarely went out. As for universe masters, they couldn’t match other universe supreme masters, so they only had a few supreme true treasures.

Luo Feng wanted ten? Didn’t he understand that even the Divine Eye clan only had around ten supreme true treasures after three universe eras? Especially after the war in Boat of Mausoleum, there weren’t even ten anymore because two true masters died.

“Quickly make your decision. I don’t have time to say long, “said Luo Feng.

“You’re too demanding. I need to ask our ancestor,” said North True Star Master.

“Go, quickly.”

Luo Feng was certain that Eastern Emperor Holy Land could have them as even Divine Eye clan had almost ten supreme true treasures. Besides, several universe masters had supreme true treasures with them this time, so even ten supreme true treasures were still a huge price for Eastern Emperor Holy Land, it didn’t need all universe masters to contribute their supreme true treasures.

…

Eastern Emperor Holy Land.

In the main palace of North True Star Master.

“Ancestor.” North True Star Master looked at Eastern Emperor Ancestor.

“Three?” Eastern Emperor Ancestor wasn’t angry at all, instead, he looked glad. He nodded, “If Luo Feng really has the training experience of three ancient beings, I can totally give him ten supreme true treasures! However, we can’t just say yes like that. We need to talk to him.”

Supreme true treasures?

It had nothing to do with Eastern Emperor Ancestor. The storage in the holy land or the deaths of several universe masters were nothing to the ancestor.

The training experience of those ancient supreme beings were truly valuable to him.

“However, I need to see whether the memory inheritance is actually worthy or not,” said Eastern Emperor Ancestor. “I don’t want him to fool us with fake inheritance and take ten supreme true treasures, otherwise we’ll be a joke.”

North True Star Master felt hurt.

Ten supreme true treasures! There were only around a hundred supreme true treasures in Universe Ocean! Only the ancestors of the two holy lands would be willing to make a deal with ten supreme true treasures.


Chapter 1255: A Deal is a Deal

Overhead, there was the endless lava ocean, and underneath, there was the endless black morass. One was burning hot; the other was icy cold.

This was the dangerous Flame Ice region. At this moment, it had become the craziest of battlefields where numerous universe supreme beings of exalted ranks were using their supreme true treasures and thinking of all ways possible to stop that Boat of Mausoleum. Yet the Boat of Mausoleum continued to advance at high speed. Fortunately, the numerous universe supreme beings were capable of easily accelerating to a speed that exceeded 100 times the speed of light. Therefore, they were able to catch up far enough to hover around its surroundings.

“No need to talk about seizing it. We cannot even stop it.”

“What should we do if we cannot stop it? Does it mean the three of us shall just have to follow it like that, so wherever the Boat of Mausoleum goes, we follow?”

Various groups of great powers were starting to grow anxious yet helpless. North True Star Master had already summoned the ten universe masters under his command and arranged for the siege on the Boat of Mausoleum with the combined power of these ten universe masters; East Emperor Holy Land’s attacks were indeed powerful and dynamic, but North True Star Master was still depending on a domain type supreme true treasure to establish contact with the Boat of Mausoleum for sustaining voice transmission with his godly power.

“Milky Way Horde Leader, Ancestor has made up his mind,” North True Star Master said.

A voice was transmitted from within the Boat of Mausoleum. “Oh?”

North True Star Master gritted his teeth in silence. How detestable. He had lived for countless years as a universe supreme master, and never had he seen anyone who possessed ten supreme true treasures at once! Even the two great ancestors… before they transcended their reincarnation era, never did they own as many as ten supreme true treasures, and they had to finally transcend reincarnation before they were acknowledged as the greatest contributors to their clans! That was also when they gained control over their clans’ fate!

Unquestionably, they became the ancestors of the entire clan!

Therefore, the common treasures belonged to the clans—even valuables belonging to universe masters and universe supreme masters. So long as ancestors gave the command for them to contribute their valuables, they had to obey. This was because, if not for ancestors, the entire clan would not be able to survive through three reincarnation eras. This went to show that even the two great ancestors were not able to depend on their own abilities to gain ten supreme true treasures.

“What a lucky fellow that human is.” North True Star Master’s face was twisted with displeasure. The moment he recalled East Emperor Ancestor’s orders, he felt even more jealous.

First, he had gained what was said to be the most precious inheritance within the entire Universe Ocean! Now, merely taking out some of his inheritance, he had gotten himself ten supreme true treasures.

“My ancestor has agreed to the exchange of ten supreme true treasures.” North True Star Master transmitted his message via his godly power.

“Promise?”

Luo Feng stood up from his chair swiftly, and with eyes shining brightly, he paced the hall.

This was a crucial moment! It was also an extremely important moment for the fate of humanity!

If this was his own inheritance he was talking about, the experience he could offer from all the cultivation he had achieved from that ancient civilization would bring about a turning point for the fate of human race. However, a turning point of such a nature entailed a kind of change that would gradually unfold over a long period of time. After all, great beings required long years to slowly cultivate, and no one could guess when the next universe supreme master of the human race would arise.

But a supreme true treasure was able to bring about a fundamental change to the ability of a human!

What the human race lacked was a supreme true treasure! If ten supreme true treasures could be given to them, a few of their top-tiered life forms—especially Huge Axe Creator—could be equipped with two or three supreme true treasures. Then he would certainly be able to run rampant throughout Universe Ocean, just like Teacher Origin had before he was suppressed. As for Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness Master, Peng Gong Master, and a few other top-tier figures, if they owned some supreme true treasures, they could be like Deer Bug Master and the few others who reigned predominance when they were within Universe Ocean. They were fearless even in the face of universe supreme beings.

With such a superior power, the human race would become stronger!

Luo Feng’s mind was churning at high speed. “The coming negotiation will be crucial. East Emperor Ancestor will not foolishly hand over ten supreme true treasures right away. This negotiation will determine the fate of humanity.”

“Ancestor might have promised,” North True Star Master started to say, “but Milky Way Horde Leader, we need you to be clear about one condition. After all, we are talking about ten supreme true treasures… Within Universe Ocean, not a single group of powers would be able to take ten supreme true treasures out so readily. Our Ancestor has to practice vigilance too, so I will need to first verify the authenticity of the inheritance that Milky Way Horde Leader has given; once I have verified that everything is real, I will hand over ten supreme true treasures right away!”

“Verify?” Luo Feng snorted coldly. “How do you verify?”

“Of course, East Emperor Ancestor will personally take a look at the inheritance because only Ancestor will be able to confirm the authenticity,” North True Star Master said.

“North True, are you taking me for a fool? This is a memory inheritance; one look at it, and you can learn all about it. If East Emperor Ancestor were to look at it, he would be able to learn all about it. By then, should he decide to change his mind about giving me the supreme true treasures… what could I do?” Luo Feng was furious. “And verifying its authenticity based on what you have just mentioned is solely dependent on East Emperor Ancestor’s judgment. I think you are taking me for a fool.”

“Let’s talk things out,” North True Star Master quickly replied. “No matter what, we have to verify the authenticity. If not, what if you have given us something fake? By just handing over ten supreme true treasures, what would we from East Emperor Holy Land—”

“All right!” Luo Feng said curtly. “Since you all are so worried, let me suggest something. If you are not agreeable, then we shall call off the deal.”

“What did you have in mind, Milky Way Horde Leader?” North True Star Master replied.

Luo Feng was firm and decisive. “The proposal I have is simple. I have an inheritance of the ancient civilization that includes the cultivation experiences of three ancient existences, and the three different sets of cultivation experiences are stored in three different memory stones. Your side will first hand over three supreme true treasures as collateral! I will give you one memory stone in exchange. Your East Emperor Ancestor will look and judge, since you say that he will naturally be able to tell if the stone is real or fake. Whatever he decides—real or fake, I simply can’t be bothered to ask —but the bottom-line is… if you want the next memory stone, you have to give me another four supreme true treasures in exchange for it! As for the last memory stone, you will need to use the remaining three supreme true treasures in exchange for it.”

Luo Feng was in a strong position. He paused, then added, “This is my only proposal. If you find it agreeable, then we have a deal. If not… so be it.”

“This—this… this is asking for too much,” North True Star Master immediately said. “Three supreme true treasures as collateral? Milky Way Horde Leader, if the memory stone is not the real thing, then isn’t it like our three supreme true treasures will be gone for nothing? No, this is definitely not acceptable.”

“I think it is better for you to first ask East Emperor Ancestor.” Luo Feng sneered unfeelingly. “I believe three supreme true treasures may be massive to the other clans, but to East Emperor Holy Land… they are nothing much. If you are so stingy with such a small price, then you can forget about this inheritance.”

North True Star Master was negotiating with Luo Feng while reporting the situation to East Emperor Ancestor. This deal was highly influential, so North True Star Master did not wield such authority to act as he pleased.

But for East Emperor Ancestor… as one of the greatest existences throughout the Universe Ocean, he would not fall under Luo Feng’s influence easily. He instructed North True Star Master decisively.

“For the three memory stones,” he said, “the first one will have one supreme true treasure as collateral. I will use this to verify the authenticity of the memory stone. For the second round, we will use five supreme true treasures to exchange for the next stone, and for the third round, we will use four supreme true treasures to exchange for the final stone.”

The negotiation process had both sides speaking with gritted teeth. They both took firm, resolute stands… Various means were deployed, all of which served to sound out each other’s baselines.

Between them, North True Star Master played the role of the messenger.

The deal between Luo Feng and East Emperor Ancestor was finally settled.

The terms of the deal were: For the first round, two supreme true treasures would be used as collateral, and out of the two, one was to be a palace type supreme true treasure. The reason Luo Feng made such a request was because if he wanted to wander and roam in the three most dangerous lands within Universe Ocean, a palace type supreme true treasure would be urgently required, which made it extremely precious.

For the second round, four supreme true treasures would be used to exchange for the next memory stone.

For the third round, four supreme true treasures would be used to exchange for the final memory stone.

The venue for exchange: within Universe Ocean, inside the degenerated and dilapidated Miniature Universe No. 00921. The time: Further notice would be provided upon Luo Feng’s safe return to the primal universe.

Inside the Boat of Mausoleum.

“Hahaha…” Luo Feng could hold back no longer and let out a hearty laugh. “Two supreme true treasures! With these two supreme true treasures… if Huge Axe Creator, who already has a godly axe, is equipped with a palace type supreme true treasure, he will have no trouble dominating Universe Ocean. He could be invincible.”

Luo Feng was very satisfied with this outcome. Huge Axe Creator might have been powerful, but he had yet to be considered invincible. Since his godly axe was an attack type, it was lacking in terms of ability to defend. This was partly why Huge Axe maintained a low profile despite being such a powerful figure.

“But there is something strange. Throughout the entire Universe Ocean, only the two ancestors from the two holy lands are able to see the information stored within the deeper level of the memory stones.” Luo Feng tried to address his own doubts. “East Emperor Ancestor has already come looking for me. Why is Purple Moon Ancestor so quiet?”

“When he realized that he was unable to catch me, did it not occur to him to strike a deal with me?” Luo Feng speculated.

However, Luo Feng did not know much about these two ancestors. After all, for countless reincarnation eras, it had always been these two ancestors who stayed on. These two ancestors must have met with various extraordinary opportunities to make it so far. Now that East Emperor Ancestor had volunteered to fall under his mercy, Luo Feng would not feel any pity if he had to deal a vicious blow. But Purple Moon Ancestor made no move… so Luo Feng was careful to not make a reckless move.

“No matter what, only the things that are served on my plate are mine to devour,” Luo Feng said to himself. “I will first settle the deal with East Emperor Ancestor and get those two supreme true treasures first.”

The fact that Huge Axe Creator took a long time to obtain his godly axe spoke much about the difficulty involved in obtaining a supreme true treasure.

Star Tower had been a gift from Sitting Mountain Guest, yet the process of getting it to recognize him as its master was the one time he was brought close to meeting his doom.

The pair of white wings had been discovered only because Shi Wu Wings had sensed it.

And Blood Ghost Blade… Actually, Blood Ghost Blade was only a blade “embryo” and did not own any secret technique of its own. Luo Feng had injected it with the technique known as Nirvana Renaissance. Even though it was only a blade embryo, it was stronger than any other supreme true treasure! This was a piece of treasure that he had obtained with his own ability. After all, he had fought against numerous great beings and had undergone various selection processes to finally emerge as the heir to that inheritance.

The Boat of Mausoleum wandered about. At times, it would even head toward the dangerous areas on purpose. For instance, occasionally, it would charge its way into the lava ocean. Or occasionally, it would charge its way into a windstorm.

Deep within the internal domain, even pinnacle palace true treasures could be torn apart, but with his Boat of Mausoleum, Luo Feng dared venture into dangerous regions! This was because he was clearly aware of the power of the Boat of Mausoleum, and he had a detailed map of the Universe Boat, so he dared to roam about haphazardly just to force the universe supreme beings hot on his heels to give up.

“Loathsome!”

Amidst the endless black whirlwind floated a palace with a sharp peak. In the palace, five true masters of the Divine Eye clan were roaring as they looked out to see the Boat of Mausoleum leaving far off into the distance.

“Escape, escape, escape!” Even First True Master, who was usually composed and poised, could not hold back his rage and shouted furiously, “Give up! We will give up! It is pointless to continue chasing after him. I do not believe that this human, Luo Feng, can hide in his Boat of Mausoleum forever. The path of a great being shall always be fraught with life and death encounters to steel and hone one’s skills… I have never heard of any single great being who could steer clear of any battles and yet still become a seasoned and well-trained universe supreme master.

“Right, if he wants to become a universe supreme being, he has to succeed in this reincarnation era. He has to experience the life-and-death encounters to steel and hone his skills. He has gotten the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, so if he truly wants to steel and hone his skills, he has no other choice but to exchange blows with a universe supreme master or subject himself to risky adventures within the three most dangerous lands! Unless he does not want to become a universe supreme master. If not, he has to undergo life-and death-encounters, which he will have many chances to experience in the future!”

The various groups of powers were reluctant to give up.

In the virtual universe, on a lone plane before Huge Axe godly palace.

“The various races have to give up in the end, haha…” Huge Axe Creator laughed heartily. “Luo Feng is truly brimming with confidence. I have told him about the dangers lurking in the outside world and asked him to inform us in advance when he has finished receiving the inheritance. I shall personally escort him to safety. I certainly did not expect him to say nothing before directly maneuvering that Boat of Mausoleum and charging his way out alone.”

“The Boat of Mausoleum is indeed extraordinary,” Primal Chaos City Leader said, also nodding.

Suddenly, a figure appeared.

“Luo Feng,” Primal Chaos City Leader said in surprise.

Huge Axe Creator rose to his feet to express his welcome.

“Teacher, Huge Axe Creator,” Luo Feng said with a smile. “I have a piece of good news for both of you.”


Chapter 1256: Let’s Set off for Tilted Peak Sector

Other than the two holy land ancestors, Huge Axe Creator was known to be one of the top great beings within the whole Universe Ocean, and Primal Chaos City Leader was even more composed by nature with a steady disposition. While the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River was able to send these two into disarray and get them all worked up, the deal with East Emperor Holy Land that Luo Feng had now appeared to inform them about also came across as a shock to both of them.

“Ten supreme true treasures!” Primal Chaos City Leader could not help but exclaim. “No matter how powerful one is, seizing ten supreme true treasures is an impossible mission.”

“Up until today, no one has ever independently seized ten supreme true treasures,” said Huge Axe Creator. “Even for Teacher Ancestor, I think it would also be too difficult to achieve. After all, when a universe supreme master wields his power with a supreme true treasure, even Teacher Origin will not have the confidence of complete annihilation. Especially if the universe supreme master is hiding in a palace type supreme true treasure, he will be safe even if he is confronted by another great being of Universe Ocean. The very thought of killing another great being to steal his supreme true treasure is simply unrealistic.” Huge Axe Creator nodded. He looked toward Luo Feng with an expression filled with approval and admiration and said, “Luo Feng, you have created a new record.”

“Impressive,” Primal Chaos City Leader said, burning with passion. Luo Feng replied right away, “I am not the impressive one. The impressive one is the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River.”

Indeed. If a universe supreme master hid within his palace type supreme true treasure, then no one would be able to force his way through. Not even Teacher Origin could achieve that. Only certain unique environments within the three most dangerous lands or some techniques of ancient civilizations could bring them to annihilation. Fortunately, palace type supreme true treasures were rare. This was why Teacher Origin could become such a strong deterrent force!

“Not ten of them at one go—that’s too exaggerated,” Luo Feng explained. “That East Emperor Ancestor is not so foolish. Even for his own East Emperor Holy Land, taking out ten supreme true treasures would be a massive responsibility to shoulder. He would never give ten of them to me without seeing that inheritance for himself.”

“That’s fine.” Huge Axe laughed with gaiety. “Just the collateral for the first part of the deal, we can secure two supreme true treasures, one of which is a palace type supreme true treasure… With these two, our human race will gain more clout; we may be powerful enough, but the moment we are besieged, we are in deep trouble. Nothing much to say for now. We must first make this palace type true treasure ours. With it and my godly axe working hand-in-hand, I will truly be fearless. Anytime I am confronted with a siege, I will not have a trace of fear. I will have the guts to fight ten—or even more than ten—universe supreme masters all by myself.”

Luo Feng could not help bursting into laughter.

Huge Axe Creator was certainly…

“Indeed, I am desperate for this palace supreme true treasure.” Huge Axe said, “Regardless of whether it is your sharing with and teaching us about your experience with the ancient civilization’s various systems of cultivation, or this supreme true treasure, your contribution to the race is boundless! This palace type true treasure… is a great favor that I owe you.”

“My intention was to contribute it to the race in the first place,” Luo Feng replied.

He already had Star Tower. Why should he make such a specific demand for this, then?

It was really just for Huge Axe; having wandered about Universe Ocean, he had deeply felt the cruelty as various groups of powers fought one another. When different clans crossed paths, the best case scenario would be cruel killing because of a true treasure. On the flip side, the killings could be as terrible as mindless slaughter— even without the temptation of a true treasure involved!

However, the stronger a group was, the less inclined the others were in daring to advocate provocation. If one’s race had a top great being of Universe Ocean, then that race was certainly on a different level of prestige. The moment other races crossed paths with any human great beings, the first to come to mind would be Huge Axe, and none of them would dare stir up trouble. He was the pillar holding up the race!

“This time, there are two supreme great treasures.” Huge Axe looked at Luo Feng. “One for me and one for you.”

“No, the other one is for Teacher,” Luo Feng said and looked toward Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Me?”

Primal Chaos City Leader was slightly taken aback. Huge Axe was the pillar of support for the human race, so giving him a supreme true treasure would greatly benefit the race; besides, Huge Axe had contributed greatly to the human race. It was a given that he was a deserving recipient of the supreme true treasure. Everyone would peacefully accept this decision. And Luo Feng’s contribution was equally great. He was the one who earned the supreme true treasures, and with the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, his future was limitless, so if he were to be given a supreme true treasure, everyone would unanimously agree, too. But giving it to Primal Chaos City Leader?

“Luo Feng, you should take this,” Primal Chaos City Leader said solemnly. “This is a supreme true treasure.”

“Yes, you should have it,” Huge Axe agreed with equal solemnity. “We cannot have you constantly contributing without any reward.”

“Teacher, I have the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River… Do you think that as an heir to the pulse of Duan Dong River, there won’t be any weapon being prepared for me?” Luo Feng jested.

The moment he said this, Huge Axe Creator and Primal Chaos City Leader looked at one another with the same thought in mind. True, what Luo Feng said made sense. The inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River would indeed prepare the most suitable weapon for its heir. And the power of this weapon would certainly be quite superior.

“Supreme true treasure?” Huge Axe Creator asked with some surprise.

“Mm.” Luo Feng nodded.

The categorization of weapons within Universe Ocean was very defined. So long as the secret techniques of true treasure weapons could attain the level of a universe supreme master or beyond, all of these would be supreme true treasures! Supreme true treasures topped the ranks in Universe Ocean. Even for any extremely formidable true treasure—for instance, one that exceeded the level of a universe supreme master—giving it to universe supreme masters would be a waste of a resource. The weapon would be beyond their capability to wield, and they would struggle to get the treasure to unleash its full power.

This was why the blade embryo, Shi Wu Wings, and others were still considered to be supreme true treasures according to the categorization system of Universe Ocean.

“This will not do.” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head. “This is an opportunity that is hard to come by. A great being with two supreme true treasures—what about it? It means you will be safer. If you receive that inheritance, I believe you will be able to make it into the ranks of universe supreme masters. It is only a matter of time.”

“Teacher, let’s take it, as I am the one who got this supreme true treasure, and then I handed it over to you,” Luo Feng said with a chuckle.

Primal Chaos City Leader was momentarily shocked.

“It’s a deal, then.” Luo Feng stood up. “I still have to make my way out of the Universe Boat, and that will take me almost 1,000 years. No rush, no rush.”

Shua!

Luo Feng vanished into thin air.

Primal Chaos City Leader and Huge Axe Creator looked at one another.

“Look!” Huge Axe Creator sighed. “At the very beginning, who could have been worried that this Luo Feng—who was rising so rapidly, like Flame Emperor did—would be as selfish as Flame Emperor? A selfish but talented and powerful great being will, on the contrary, be a threat to his race. The truth? Luo Feng is indeed remarkable. He is much stronger than Flame Emperor and has met with more mysterious and magical opportunities and encounters, yet, he turned out to be a much better person compared to the majority of universe masters from our race.”

“True.” Primal Chaos City Leader also nodded in agreement.

Great beings always considered themselves first. This was typical. The choices made at critical moments would explain certain problems.

This time, Luo Feng unexpectedly dedicated the second supreme true treasure to Primal Chaos City Leader… Certainly, this was a gesture that touched Primal Chaos City Leader deeply.

The Boat of Mausoleum had shrunk to the size of a walnut, roaming about through the vast Universe Boat fraught with dangers. But, of course, it was heading in the direction that would lead to the outside world. Once it entered a domain that allowed for teleportation, it would carry out extensive teleportation to cover a more substantial distance as it made its way outward. Even so, the estimated time required to finally make it out of the Universe Boat would still be close to 1,000 years.

“Teacher has been showering me with so much kindness,” Luo Feng said to himself. “When I make it out of the Universe Boat, I will be able to seize that white pair of wings very soon. And the reason why I am able to seize them—in fact, the source of everything—is because from the very the beginning, Teacher bestowed me with that pair of Shi Wu Wings. Thus, I am able to obtain the white pair of wings. So now, dedicating this supreme true treasure to Teacher is something I should do.”

Shi Wu Wings were comprised of a total of six pairs of wings. It was an automaton type treasure.

The attack power it could execute was extremely strong, especially after conversion by the origin. This automaton type treasure could usually allow a great being to skip grades in battles due to the increase in power. Therefore, in the ancient civilization, it was an extremely popular type—almost comparable to close-range combat type treasures! However, the nearer one progressed toward the peak, the more difficult it was for an automaton type to advance because the closer one got, the more the stringent requirements would be expected of the automaton treasure; without even considering skipping grades in battle, creating an automaton type treasure that was compatible with oneself was extremely difficult.

Of course, in the context of the ancient civilization, Luo Feng was merely considered to be at an ordinary level. That was why owning Shi Wu Wings would greatly benefit him.

“It’s just a pity that even after adding on the white pair of wings, I still only have three pairs,” Luo Feng said to himself. “Where are the other three pairs? For countless years, Shi Wu Wings has been broken up. The white pair of wings is damaged while the other five pairs are all severely impaired. Thus, their powers are greatly reduced. For the other five pairs of wings, every individual pair only has the power of an ordinary true treasure, so if any of them were seized by universe masters or universe supreme masters, they will likely be casually tossed into some treasure vault or bestowed to universe knights.”

Luo Feng thought about it for a moment. That was what Primal Chaos City Leader had done when he got hold of a pair of wings. He had handed them over to Luo Feng right away. And the second pair had been obtained from Tian Yang Knight.

If any of the wings were really thrown into some treasure vault by random great beings or carried about by some universe knight within a certain miniature universe, then there was really nothing that Luo Feng could do further.

“I will have to depend on my luck, then,” Luo Feng told himself. “Out of the six pairs of wings, the white wings are the sharpest and strongest. Most importantly, they bear the ‘origin.’ Even if I did have the other three pairs, it would be meaningless.” Luo Feng consoled himself in this fact.

Getting out of the Universe Boat required close to 1,000 years.

Luo Feng continued to comprehend and cultivate Extermination and Dong Hua. Even with an increase of 10,000 times in time velocity, up until now, he had merely completed a thorough comprehension of the first volumes of Extermination and Dong Hua; these two sets of knowledge were highly profound—even in the first volume. Luo Feng knew what must be done, but he was still unable to grasp the mysteries within them.

In the blink of an eye, almost 1,000 years had passed.

In one of the broken caves within the vast and quiet Universe Boat…

Sou!

A crimson pagoda flashed by. Shortly after, it executed repeated teleportation and immediately charged out into the vast chaotic airflow.

“Hahaha… Finally, I’m out of the Universe Boat.”

“Piece of cake, isn’t it?”

“After being in a rush for such a long time!”

Within the crimson pagoda, Luo Feng laughed heartily. This crimson pagoda was actually Star Tower in another form. After he had shaken off the group of universe supreme masters that were after him, he had flown for more than 100 years before switching over from the Boat of Mausoleum to continue his flight on Star Tower. Because the Boat of Mausoleum was incapable of taking another form and was too eye-catching, once the other great beings caught sight of it, they could quickly guess that Luo Feng must be inside the Boat of Mausoleum.

That was why Star Tower was transformed to take on a new look: a crimson, three-storied pagoda!

“After such a long wait, I am finally out of the Universe Boat.” Within Star Tower, Luo Feng was in high spirits as he looked out at the endless chaotic airflow. “For such a long time, I did not dare to continue cultivating and comprehending the laws, as I was afraid that I would accidentally become a universe master. Then I would not be able to get the white pair of wings to recognize me as master.”

Cultivation and comprehension were concepts that were difficult to explain. When comprehending the heart of Beast God, which involved a secret technique of an extremely high level, it was inevitably easy for him to accidentally become a universe master. Or easy for him to achieve a breakthrough. Or even to experience a temporary pause for a short period at a certain threshold—like when he had been stuck at the threshold of a universe knight for a short period. But, unquestionably, even if he were to get stuck at a threshold, it would not be for long. Mainly because Luo Feng had accumulated a sizable amount of experience!

“Before I return to the original universe, I shall first head for Tilted Peak Region where I will seize that white pair of wings. Let’s set off! For Tilted Peak Region! Space of the Wings!”

Luo Feng manipulated Star Tower, and amidst the endless chaotic airflow, he started teleporting to advance toward his destination.


Chapter 1257: Get Back the White Wing

It was far from Universe Ocean to Tilted Peak Sector. However, when using teleportation and natural wormholes, it took much less time than traveling inside Universe Boat.

Hua!

The water was tumbling in Tilted Peak Sector, and there was a bloody tower floating above the waters.

“It’s Tilted Peak Sector.” Luo Feng, in the body of Golden Horned Beast, was looking down in Star Tower. “It’s only been tens of thousands of years since the last time I came here. Only tens of thousands of years… The white wing hasn’t found a master yet.”

His Shi Wu Wing had already had a spirit! The white wing also had a spirit! If they were combined, only one of the spirits could survive, and with Luo Feng’s affirmation, Shi Wu would definitely be the only one that survived. The spirit of the white wing would be annihilated, which was why the white wing had gone crazy the last time Luo Feng was there.

“It can’t find a new master after countless universe eras, so it would be impossible for it to find a new master in only tens of hundreds of years!” Luo Feng smirked.

Shua!

The bloody tower teleported and dived into the waters. It teleported itself several times in the water. With the supreme true treasure, he went straight toward the cave.

Traveling along the dark cave and passing nine light screens, the bloody tower entered the wing space.

Hong! Long! Long!

Blade storms filled the entire space. The bloody tower shrank to the size of a speck of dust, and it approached that gleaming light wing.

After almost a month, it finally reached the area in front of the light wing.

“White wing.” Golden Horned Luo Feng saw the core of the light wing, and the scratches and blood on it.

The bloody tower kept approaching it. Now, the mind attack from the white wing was nothing to Luo Feng.

Weng!

A ripple came from the white wing and was passed to Luo Feng through Star Tower.

“Space Beast!” said an ancient voice.

The Golden Horned Beast pretended to be surprised and said, “Who are you?”

“I am the spirit of the wing true treasure!” said the ancient voice.

The Golden Horned Beast made a surprised voice. “The spirit of the true treasure? Then what’s that mind attack and the blade storm?”

The ancient voice continued, but Luo Feng secretly smirked.

To get the white wing back, Boat of Mausoleum was separated from Star Tower when it arrived at the periphery of Tilted Peak Sector. Boat of Mausoleum was hidden in the chaos airflow around Tilted Peak Sector with the earthling original body and Shi Wu Wing while the Golden Horned Beast came to take the white wing!

Luo Feng knew for certain that once the two valuables were merged, the spirit of the white wing would die. So if the white wing saw Luo Feng coming, it would do everything it could to prevent Luo Feng from taking ownership over it, and it might even kill itself along with Luo Feng. Even though the white wing was only an object instead of a life form, it shouldn’t have terrifying skills.

However, to make sure everything went smoothly, he allowed the Golden Horned Beast to go first!

The white wing only knew that he was human; it didn’t know he had a Golden Horned Beast body.

Humph. After you recognize me as your master, you won’t be able to do anything about it, thought Luo Feng.

The Golden Horned Beast pretended to be incomparably excited to find a supreme true treasure, and he was talking with the spirit of the white wing. The spirit of the white wing rushed to recognize the Golden Horned Beast as its master, so he didn’t lie to him the way he had lied to Luo Feng. Instead, it told the Golden Horned Beast the conditions directly.

“I’m more powerful than you think!” said the white wing. “And because of that, the requirements are very high. If you’re a universe knight, you must have the willpower of a universe supreme master! And if you’re a universe master, your willpower must surpass that of a universe supreme master. If you can’t meet the conditions, tell the other great beings in your race to come. I’ve been lonely for too long, and I want to get out.”

The white wing tried everything to persuade the Golden Horned Beast.

Luo Feng sighed.

Wow! It was being so nice! It had been very sneaky when his original body had come in, yet now, it was so passionate.

“Howl! Are you being serious?”

“Of course I am,” said the white wing.

“Howl!” The Golden Horned Beast looked extremely excited. He roared, “It’s great! I arrived here easily and withstood that mind attack because my willpower is at the universe supreme master level. Also, I’m a universe knight, so I meet the conditions!”

The spirit of the white wing was exhilarated. The thing it was most afraid of was being retrieved by Luo Feng, as that meant it would die.

The whole process was very smooth under the guidance of the white wing.

“Seal your godly power on the wing, and then I’ll recognize you as my master.”

The white wing was very cooperative. It wanted to leave the wing space more than anything, and it wanted to tell the new master that a human possessed another part of this true treasure. It wanted the new master to use it to kill that human. After that, it would swallow the spirit of Shi Wu Wing.

“I am the true spirit of the wing true treasure. That goddamn thing took so many energies from the origin… It has to die.”

The spirit of the white wing hated Shi Wu’s guts. It was instinct.

“Succeeded!” the Golden Horned Beast yelled.

“Master, the wing is also damaged,” said the spirit of the white wing. “It needs to absorb some precious materials to recover or swallow some pinnacle true treasures.”

After the white wing being taken, the blade storms also disappeared, and the wing space became ordinary. Teleportation was possible now.

Shua!

The bloody tower reached the entrance after one teleportation.

The spirit of the white wing was thrilled. “Finally! The legendary Universe Ocean…”

The bloody tower left Tilted Peak Sector and entered the deeper area of the chaos airflow. The Boat of Mausoleum, in the size of a walnut, approached it and sucked it in.

The Golden Horned Beast was sitting inside Star Tower.

“I can feel it. The strong attraction. Master, it’s that human. The human who has the component.” The white wing felt the calling. “I used to be a mighty true treasure, but after that bloody war, it was dismantled, and the human got the other components. I can feel the attraction. He’s nearby.”

The Boat of Mausoleum showed up beside Star Tower, and a human walked out. He was wearing a silver wing and silver armor with a stone blade on his back.

“The spirit of the white wing.” Luo Feng looked at the white wing on Golden Horned Beast.

“You…!” The spirit of the white wing immediately understood. It could feel the absolute command—that it had to do anything the human wanted. “Ah! I should’ve let out all my energies! Damn human!”

The spirit of the white wing roared, realizing that it would die soon.

“In case anything happened,” said Luo Feng coldly. “Now, it’s time for you to die.”

Actually, a single thought from Luo Feng could annihilate the spirit of the white wing. However, he preferred for Shi Wu Wing swallow it, as he could learn more.

“Merge!”

Luo Feng used his godly power to control it.

Hua!

The pair of white wings and the four silver wings floated in the sky at the same time and started to integrate. The components connected to one another, and the origin was transferred to the bottom silver wing. After all, the silver wing was complete, so it didn’t need to worry about an energy leak.

The power spread when they were being integrated.

“Such strong power…” Luo Feng held his breath. “This machine type valuable must be better than the machine type valuables used by universe supreme masters.”

Luo Feng saw that the restructuring process was extremely complicated. The power stopped spreading, and the giant six wings were floating.

The bottom four wings were complete. The top two wings had sharp edges, and there were lots of engravings on the edge, making them keener. According to the spirit of Shi Wu, the complete Shi Wu Wing had six pairs. The other five pairs were like blade backs and blade bodies, while the white wing was like the edge.

“Come.”

The six-winged true treasure flew toward Luo Feng and merged onto his back.

Hua!

The six wings shone! Without any godly power, the true treasure slashed the space in the control room easily.

“Even without the origin, it can rival a supreme true treasure!” Luo Feng exclaimed. “If I use my Nirvana Renaissance, it might only be weaker than my Blood Shadow Blade… If I use the origin… Unfortunately, I can’t use the origin yet.”

The origin was like an engine. It was used to store energies.

When great beings used the complete six wings, the godly power should infuse the origin, which would transfer the godly power into something more aggressive—energies in the form of blade storms! The energies could be stored in the origin, and in an actual fight, it could use the storage before using the godly power.

However, the stored energies belonged to the former master instead of Luo Feng. He could infuse his godly power into the origin and transform it into blade storms, but it would be much weaker! When he used the origin, he had to expel the energies from the former master. The two kinds of godly power were at different levels, so they couldn’t be stored in one place.

Once it exploded, it would be used up at one time, but Luo Feng couldn’t utilize even one-tenth of it.

The only way he could use it was to infuse his godly power to expel the energies left by the former master. When the former energies were expelled all at once, it would be extremely powerful, so Luo Feng didn’t dare to use the origin. He only used his godly power to drive Shi Wu Wing, making Shi Wu Wing work like an ordinary supreme true treasure.


Chapter 1258: Godly Blood

Luo Feng wouldn’t use the origin for no good reason.

He had two thoughts on the “origin.” One idea was to use the energies stored in the origin to repair the complete wing true treasure when he got the other three pairs in the future! Just like how Shi Wu Wing absorbed a great amount of energies to repair its damage. Even though machine type valuables could repair themselves, they needed energies, after all.

However, his energies weren’t good enough to repair a supreme valuable like Shi Wu Wings. This was one thought. Another thought was to use it as a trump card!

Each blade energy was more terrific than attacks from universe supreme masters and could crack a top-tier palace type true treasure! If all the hundreds of millions of energies exploded through the white wing’s edge, even a supreme true treasure would be cracked!

As for universe supreme masters, they wouldn’t be more doomed! Of course, he could only use it once!

I’ll try to find the other three pairs of wings and absorb the energies, thought Luo Feng. The energies left are enough to make attacks.

Actually, the energies were enormous. Some of them were enough to kill a universe supreme master. However, he couldn’t use them effectively.

The bloody tower left Titled Peak Sector and rushed to the original universe.

Shi Wu Wing transferred a ripple. “Master! The wing is damaged, so when it’s triggered by your godly power, it’ll be significantly weaker and will hinder the overall power. It has to swallow some precious material for repair, usually the main material for pinnacle true treasures. Directly swallowing pinnacle true treasures is fine as well, but it’s too costly. And, more importantly… There are three godly bloodstains on the white wing, and they affect the overall power as well. However, after the three wings being combined, it’s easier to expel the godly blood. But when it’s integrated with the sixth pair of wings, it’ll drive them out.”

Shi Wu Wing talked about it a lot on the way back to the original universe. After all, it had to suppress the bloodstains while being damaged, so it wanted the problem to be solved as soon as possible.

“I’ll collect some material when I get back, but I don’t have enough material with me now,” Luo Feng told Shi Wu.

He did have some true treasures. During the inheritance, lots of great beings were killed. However, the great beings who left before the basic inheritance took away the supreme true treasures and pinnacle true treasures! They saw the deaths of the two true masters from the Divine Eye clan, so they knew that not even palace type supreme true treasures could protect them. They also knew that only one could survive the basic inheritance, so almost none of them brought any true treasures.

However, lots of true treasures had been left by some great beings who were killed by the monster Cuello, the universe masters who got killed for trying to kill undying fighters, and the great beings from the Divine Eye clan who got killed. The two supreme true treasures and a precious true treasure were given to Thundercoat Devil God by Duan Dong River, while the other true treasures were left in Boat of Mausoleum and became Luo Feng’s. Which meant Luo Feng’s biggest gain was the true treasures left.

“They came here just for the inheritance, so they’re prepared for death. Lots of them didn’t bring true treasures!” Luo Feng exclaimed. “There are only a pinnacle domain type, pinnacle palace type, and pinnacle soul type true treasures! As for ordinary pinnacle true treasures and top-tier domain type and palace type true treasures, there are only 12 of them. Those weaker than them aren’t even worth mentioning. They’re not enough for Shi Wu Wing to recover.”

These valuables might be what a universe supreme master could have. Those who went for inheritance rarely carried precious true treasures except those like Seventh True Master who tried to use Ice Cliff Fortress to save his life.

Shi Wu transferred a ripple. “Master.”

“Huh?” Luo Feng listened to it.

“There are four bloodstains on the sixth wing,” said Shi Wu, “and after an eternity, a bloodstain was driven out, forming a drop of godly blood.”

For the sixth pair of wings, under the influence of the bloodstain, the infusion of godly power would be negatively affected. He hadn’t checked the sixth pair of wings. (The complete wing true treasure has six pairs. Luo Feng got the first two pairs, and the white wing was the sixth pair of wings, so he still needed the third, the fourth, and the fifth pair).

“The godly blood must be the blood of the former owner of this wing true treasure.”

“It contains endless power. Master, you can’t use your godly power to cover it,” said Shi Wu. “You should firstly drive it out and then use your Star Tower to withhold it.”

“Sure.”

Luo Feng grew excited. Godly blood? The godly blood of a supreme being who could damage the complete Shi Wu Wing? The willpower alone was mighty, and such a drop of godly power could be put to great use.

Under Luo Feng’s control, a drop of scarlet blood showed up on the white wing, and there were drops of black blood around it. It fell on the floor of the control room of Star Tower. The floor sank like a bowl, and the drop of godly blood flowed and formed an oval.

“Normal valuables can’t hold the godly blood!” Luo Feng exclaimed. His godly power couldn’t hold it.

When great beings trained themselves, their bodies would be energized after becoming undying, and his life imprint was sealed on each trace of his energy.

After becoming a universe supreme master, all the bodies were combined as one, and the energies would be materialized again. They could burn their flesh and blood to fight. The flesh and blood had more functions.

The energy contained in this drop of blood was enormous, and the mental pressure is strong, Luo Feng thought. Universe Ocean nowadays might not be able to fully utilize the energies in this drop of godly blood. However, it’s not difficult to turn this drop of godly blood into a soul type valuable. All I need to do is bind the mind attack in one direction.

If the crushing willpower spread, only the best universe masters could hold the willpower. If it was concentrated in one direction, it would become a laser; only the mind of a universe supreme master could barely resist it.

“With this mental crushing alone, those universe masters who have weaker willpower will be in agony.” Luo Feng smiled. “Even the minds of universe supreme masters can’t resist it if they’re attacked suddenly.”

The godly blood could be energized! It could be used to compromise supreme true treasures! It could be used to crush minds!

Luo Feng couldn’t do the first type, and the second type would be a waste, so the third type was the most suitable. And he had a teacher who was best at making true treasures in Universe Ocean!

These are just my ideas; they might not be fulfilled, thought Luo Feng. I’m not able to make a valuable. I’ll go back to the original universe, find Master Sitting Mountain Guest, and listen to what he has to say.

Master Sitting Mountain Guest was the expert on it, so he could fully utilize this drop of blood.

Ze! Ze…!

A drop of blood from a supreme being of the ancient civilization. A supreme being who could damage the complete six wings that were stronger than supreme beings. What an amazing being it was! No wonder even a single drop of blood contained such power.

Luo Feng used his mind for communication. “Shi Wu, I don’t have many true treasures, and the precious material within the human race isn’t enough. So I’ll leave the Golden Horned Beast with you. You can go to the deep area of Universe Ocean and get the valuables left by Jie Fanzi. Jie Fanzi is a lone universe supreme master. When he went to try the incarnations, he might only take supreme true treasures that are actually useful, or some valuables like pinnacle palace type true treasures. Jie Fanzi might leave more valuables there than the valuables left by the killed great beings from the Divine Eye clan.”

“Okay. Quick, go!” Shi Wu was excited.

They separated halfway. Golden Horned Beast wore Force Armor and Shi Wu Wing to fly to the deep area of Universe Boat. He was also carrying Star Tower! With Star Tower, it was easy to get the valuables left by Jie Fanzi…

As for the original earthling body, he was wearing Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor. He was carrying the Blood Shadow Blade and Boat of Mausoleum and went back to the original universe!

These two bodies were Luo Feng’s main bodies. The original body had Blood Shadow Blade, so he was more powerful. As for the Golden Horned Beast body, he had Shi Wu Wing, which carried the origin that was Luo Feng’s trump card. These two weren’t even afraid of universe supreme masters.

Soon, Luo Feng arrived back at the original universe, and the seniors of the human race knew about it.

Outside the Huge Axe godly palace in the virtual universe, the 19 universe masters and Huge Axe Creator gathered there and were celebrating.

“Luo Feng came back to the original universe! He’s safe now.” Peng Gong Master laughed. “Beings from the other universe eras and the two holy lands couldn’t enter the original universe. Besides, even universe supreme masters can’t use their power thoroughly in the original universe. With Luo Feng’s power, he’s able to fight them now.”

“We humans will be booming now.” Primal Chaos City Leader was excited.

“Yes.”

“We’ll be the number-one power in Universe Ocean in the future,” said Void Gold Master.

The seniors in the human race were all exhilarated. They feared that something might happen to Luo Feng when he came back. Fortunately, he arrived home safely! They could all see a thriving future for the human race.


Chapter 1259: Do Not Come Here

On the long stone table outside Huge Axe’s godly palace, Huge Axe Creator and 19 other universe masters gathered.

Huge Axe Creator’s gaze swept over the surroundings as his powerful voice boomed, “We are here first to welcome Luo Feng and congratulate him on his safe return. Second, we are here to discuss the plan for our human race: ‘Rise in the Universe Ocean’!”

Rise! Hearing this word, everyone, including Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, Blackness Master, Void Gold Master, and Deserted Mirror Master, held their breath in excitement.

Yes. Time to rise!

In the original universe, the human race was considered a pinnacle race, but in the vast Universe Ocean, there were so weak that if they were in the first reincarnation era or second reincarnation era, with only one universe supreme master leading the entire race, they would never qualify enough to be ranked as a pinnacle race. Even the seven supreme universe masters of the Divine Eye Clan were not worth a mention, as the pinnacle races from the first or second reincarnation era, on average, would have at least three to five universe supreme masters.

The only presentable great being from the human race was Huge Axe, who was, alone, an extremely powerful being! The other universe masters, within the Universe Ocean, were weak in power and small in number.

“This time around, the plan is to rise in Universe Ocean.” Huge Axe Creator was filled with excitement and expectation. “Milky Way Horde Leader shall lead; everyone else must cooperate! We must breed more undying fighters, more universe knights, and more universe masters from our pool of humans… And from there, we can bring up more universe supreme masters!”

“Yes!”

“Yes!”

“Yes!”

One by one, clear and resounding responses were heard. The group of universe masters from humanity were full of hope for the future of their race, all of them filled with motivation. Furthermore, they had heard Luo Feng’s preaching and were clearly aware that the ancient civilization had a systematic way of cultivation which was very useful. It would certainly be able to bring about developmental changes to the human race’s capabilities.

Besides, Luo Feng was very knowledgeable about the ancient civilization, and he was an heir of the pulse of Duan Dong River! He was the most suitable choice as leader. To choose someone who did not know much about the ancient civilization would be folly.

“I, Luo Feng…” Luo Feng also stood up and looked around. “Will do my utmost best! For we humans… to truly dominate Universe Ocean! And become the top power of Universe Ocean!”

“Dominate the Universe Ocean!”

Everyone was going through an emotional moment, even Primal Chaos City Leader and Huge Axe Creator felt tremors in their hearts, least to mention the other universe masters, who were all burning with passion. There was a saying that went, “A soldier who did not want to become a general was not a good soldier.” Amongst close to 100 powers in Universe Ocean, did any not covet after the status of first within Universe Ocean? It was a luxury that existed in their wildest dreams, not in reality.

In the past, who would have enough clout to make such a remark? Not a single being would dare say so! No clout!

Even when Teacher Origin was still around, he alone was very powerful. No one had ever mentioned anything about the human race daring to dominate Universe Ocean or daring to become the top power! After all, in terms of power, when compared to the two holy land universes, the human race was far too inferior.

The two holy land universes had several hundred universe masters! (The human race only had 19, including Luo Feng.) And they even had universe-masters-to-be; because there was a limit to the number of universe masters the holy land universes could accommodate, they were not able to provide them with godly powers to achieve their breakthroughs. That was why, even if several universe masters from the two holy lands were to be annihilated, their vacancies would be filled up very quickly.

Speaking of supreme true treasures, sixth-tiered universe masters of the two holy lands had quite a few! The human race? Not even one! Previously, even Huge Axe Creator himself did not have one. Luckily, he had since gained his godly axe.

Huge Axe Creator’s powerful voice was heard again: “My human race will see the rise of a few hundred, or even 1,000, universe masters, and we will see the rise of a dozen universe supreme masters! The two holy land universes shall not be able to hold a candle to us humans!” How far we make it all depends on us. We are the heroes of our race. Let’s work hard, everyone, for the future of our race.”

“For the future of our race!”

“For the future of our race!”

One after the other, the universe masters let out shouts of excitement. All of their hearts were trembling.

Their hearts trembled because this goal was massive—so massive that in the past, they would not have dared make such claims. They would not have had the clout to do so. Yet now, Luo Feng had gained the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River. This ancient inheritance gave them the confidence to desire to be the first in Universe Ocean. The human race would benefit greatly, and this would bring about an earth-shattering change.

When the discussion ended, the other great beings left successively. Only Huge Axe Creator, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Luo Feng remained.

“Luo Feng.” Huge Axe Creator was filled with anticipation. “We have to trouble you during this period.”

“Anything for our race,” he said.

“Yes, for our race.” Huge Axe nodded.

There were two reasons why Luo Feng had started all of this after his return. Firstly, there were too many systems within the inheritance. The cultivation process was massive. Teaching and transmission of consciousness through the virtual universe was just too slow. Secondly, to cultivate the great beings who were going to take charge of the humans’ future, many “items” were required. For instance, ice mountains that contained law engravings. These could only be found within the space of inheritance, so Luo Feng had to bring them back.

“This time, our plan to rise will consist of two parts,” Huge Axe Creator said with a smile. “The first part involves cultivating the individual power of our race’s great beings. This will require time. The second part involves our supreme true treasures. You just returned to the original universe. When do you intend to make the deal with East Emperor Holy Land?”

“I intend to set up the main framework for the various systems of cultivation within Primal Chaos City first,” Luo Feng said. “I think I will take around ten days to half a month to complete everything. Then I will get in touch with East Emperor Holy Land.”

“Mm.” Huge Axe smiled. “If I had known that you will be able to get these supreme true treasures, I would not have taken the risk and headed for Tilted Peak Sector, I am now rushing back from the core land of Tilted Peak Sector, but this core land is extremely dangerous, so I will need some time to rush back.”

“All right,” Huge Axe said. “You and your Teacher shall make the arrangements for matters regarding cultivation then.”

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader departed without further ado.

In the primal universe, Primal Chaos City, on the high grounds within City Leader Palace, Luo Feng, and Primal Chaos City Leader stood by the railings where they had a bird’s eye view of the countless buildings within Primal Chaos City.

“Luo Feng, this plan to rise is extremely important,” Primal Chaos City Leader reminded him. “The inheritance of that ancient civilization must never ever spread beyond our land. You will be leading the entire cultivation system, so you must be vigilant and take measures to prevent any leaked information.”

“That is a given.” Luo Feng smiled. “With more and more great beings emerging within our human race, the other races and powers will naturally start to suspect something… which was why I chose Primal Chaos City as the cultivation land! It is safest here, where no other great beings would dare intrude. Besides, there are some things that even if a spy manages to catch a glimpse of, he will never be able to steal. For instance, the 300 ice mountains that I have prepared!”

“Also, based on the different degrees and giftedness of individuals, I will prepare a more personalized cultivation method.”

The entire cultivation system was massive and complex. Other than the areas that involved items that Luo Feng had to prepare, there were also many other training methods that were placed within the virtual universe. Therefore, Luo Feng specially brought 12 memory stones back and placed them within the core area of the virtual universe that was located within the Primal Chaos City Leader Palace for the purpose of receiving the tremendous amount of information from the memory stones.

Virtual universe, Primal Chaos City… would be the main places allocated as the two major cultivation lands.

Those in contact with confidential information were either the core higher-ups of the human race or the spiritual servants, and regardless of who it was, the amount of confidential information that every individual could get in touch with was only the tip of the iceberg. Only what the virtual universe acknowledged could truly become a system. And, of course, only Luo Feng knew the most.

Original universe, Milky Way Galaxy, Luo Feng’s godly palace.

“I just returned from the original universe.” Luo Feng held his transmission token and spoke into it. “North True Star Master, fret not. The deal will take place soon.”

A message was sent from the virtual universe. It was from Primal Chaos City Leader: “Luo Feng, quickly get to the virtual universe!”

“Huh? What could be so urgent?”

When Luo Feng laid eyes on the mail that Primal Chaos City Leader sent, he found it to be blood red in color, representing a message of extreme urgency.

Shua!

From where he appeared in the virtual universe, Luo Feng saw Primal Chaos City Leader standing right ahead of him on the apex of Thunder Island.

“Teacher.”

Primal Chaos City Leader wore a heavy expression. The moment he saw Luo Feng, he said right away, “Let’s go. To Huge Axe’s palace.”

He gave no explanation.

It was an endless darkness beneath the glimmer of the starry sky. On a floating piece of land, several figures appeared by the long table before Huge Axe’s godly palace.

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader were the first to arrive.

“Teacher, what is going on?” Luo Feng asked persistently.

“You will know in a while,” Primal Chaos City Leader said in a dreary tone.

Luo Feng secretly heaved a sigh of relief. It seemed like although the matter was extremely important, it was still within their control. If not, Teacher would not have waited for every single universe master to arrive.

Soon, the 19 universe masters were all gathered again.

Hua!

A lone figure appeared out of nowhere and positioned himself in the host seat. It was Huge Axe Creator.

“Dear all,” Huge Axe Creator said.

His gaze swept through all 19 universe masters. Everyone looked over. They had all been summoned here with a note of urgency.

“I met with some trouble.” Huge Axe Creator looked at the 19 top-notch beings of the human race, and, in a low voice, he continued. “I was at the core ground of Tilted Peak Sector and met with trouble. The previous battle against Yuan Ao Master… That map that got leaked… must have been a fake.”

“The map is fake?”

Luo Feng was shocked.

He had personally made the trip previously, and with Ice Mountain Master’s help, he managed to seize a portion of that map.

“It was a trick,” Huge axe Creator said solemnly, “but the opponent did not expect my power to be so strong, which is why they suffered a loss. But during the fight, I was extremely unlucky to have fallen into the Land of Darkness of the core ground.”

“Land of Darkness!”

Everyone, including Luo Feng, revealed expressions of shock and anger.

The most detailed map of the human race that was shared by all had been mainly contributed by Luo Feng, so naturally, he would be the one who knew it the best.

The Land of Darkness was a most terrifying domain within the core region of Tilted Peak Sector! Compared to it, other regions within the Universe Boat, like the so-called Flame Ice Region and God-Destroying Valley, were merely child’s play. Every being knew that any place within that core region was much more terrifying than Flame Ice region. Moreover, they were now talking about the Land of Darkness, which was well-known even to the other places among the core region itself. The danger it contained, though extremely terrifying, was still considered mid-range within the core region.

However, of those who had fallen into the Land of Darkness, none had ever emerged again! It was a prison of despair!

“The Land of Darkness,” said Huge Axe Creator. “Although those who have fallen into it were all universe supreme beings, I have never heard of any who made it out of there.” Huge Axe Creator’s gaze swept through the 19 universe masters, and he solemnly continued, “Firstly, the number of universe supreme masters who have fallen into the Land of Darkness was very few to begin with, but the small number cannot explain much about the place. Secondly, I am different from any ordinary universe supreme master.

“I am not trapped in the Land of Darkness, unable to get out for the time being, but so long as we keep mum about this, no one besides us will know. I need time to slowly figure a plan to get out. During this period, my human race must maintain a lower profile.” Huge Axe Creator was very solemn as he instructed, “Teacher Origin has been suppressed, and I am trapped… There is no universe supreme master to lead our race for the time being! This is very dangerous. Make sure this news does not leak out.”

One by one, the universe masters replied.

“Understood.”

“Understood.”

Everyone was clear about the severity of the situation. Without a universe supreme master in the lead, this news spelled great trouble.

“I am giving my best now,” Huge Axe Creator said with a serious expression. “No distractions. If there is nothing important, do not contact me.” Then he vanished into thin air.

Before Huge Axe’s godly palace, 19 of the top beings of the human race were seated around the long table, looking at one another with hearts filled with worry. The Land of Darkness! What if Huge Axe Creator was unable to return forever? What should they do? Without a universe supreme master in the lead, the human race would meet with a lot of trouble in the future.

“The news about Huge Axe being trapped must not be leaked out beyond us,” Primal Chaos City Leader spoke up. “This news will be classified as confidential, top secret!”

Luo Feng and the others nodded solemnly.

Suddenly—

Just as Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness Master, Luo Feng, and the rest were feeling frustrated, Huge Axe Creator suddenly reappeared in the host seat by the long stone table. In his eyes, there was shock and anger as he roared repeatedly, “Remember, do not come to the Land of Darkness! Do not come here!”

Hong!

The figure disappeared.

Hua!

All 19 of them, including Luo Feng, jumped to their feet as they felt something ominous.

“What’s wrong?”

“What did Huge Axe Creator meet with?”

“Why did he disappear after saying that?”

Everyone was panicking. Merely a few seconds later, Void Gold Master’s expression betrayed shock and fear as he said in a piercing voice, “Huge Axe’s miniature universe is starting to fall apart! Huge Axe… was annihilated!”

“His universe is falling apart?”

“Huge Axe was annihilated!”

Everyone grew frantic. Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness Master, and the rest rose to their feet. One by one, they all fell into a state of momentary shock from the sudden news that had just hit them. This was a nightmare—a nightmare for the entire human race! Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness Master, Void Gold Master, Peng Gong Master, Remote Lord Master, Qing Dong Master, and the rest were worried, furious, and dumbfounded.

The only universe supreme master of humanity who was capable of leading the race had fallen! The skies had truly collapsed over humanity!


Chapter 1260: Humans

Huge Axe universe was one of the two miniature universes owned by humans. Teacher Origin had been suppressed a long time ago, so the primal universe didn’t change completely. Not many humans lived in the primal universe. Instead, the peerless talents and great beings gathered in the primal universe. As for Huge Axe universe, it had changed completely, so many ordinary life forms lived there.

“What happened?”

“The sky is cracked!”

In an area in Huge Axe universe, the families of Huge Axe Dojo and the elites were all panicked. The peaceful sky suddenly had a giant crack in it. The sky started to collapse. Space trembled, and there were occasionally space cracks. Some unlucky humans lost half their bodies or were even annihilated.

Hong! Long! Long!

The land started to crack.

“Quick, quick! Everyone, gather! Don’t act alone!” An emperor looked anxious and put the humans inside his world ring by teleporting time and time again.

Inside the space were 12 universe knights and 399 emperors who could perform teleportation. They were all putting the human elites back into their world rings, and “Hong” was one of them.

“Brother, the space is crumbling. Quick, take the elites of our race and go to the main space. Be quick!” The voice of Hong’s brother, Tie Bi Knight, was still echoing in his ears. He was a disciple of Huge Axe Creator.

“Yes,” said Hong.

One teleportation after another, he put a great many human elites into his world ring, but Hong was worried, anxious, and terrified.

“The keepsake left by my teacher now has no owner,” said Hong, horrified. “This is left by my teacher with my teacher’s life imprint on it, yet it doesn’t have an owner anymore. This miniature universe belongs to my teacher, but now, it’s starting to crumble. Did Teacher really die?”

Hong grew even more anxious. He knew how important his teacher Huge Axe Creator was to the human race, as he was their only universe supreme master! He was the cornerstone of the human race! Yet the cornerstone was gone now!

They were all fleeing.

Hong put the most important elites in the world ring one by one. As for those less important, before they could even take half of them, they heard an order: “Go to the main space now. Otherwise, you will no longer be able to leave!”

“Everyone!”

“Everyone! Quick!”

The universe knights and emperors took a look at the humans who were being crushed. They were screaming.

“Help us!”

“Help us, Nuo Fan He clan!”

“Take us, please!”

“Take my child!”

However, those emperors and universe knights didn’t hesitate, as they were carrying the most important elites. If they weren’t decisive enough, they—along with those elites—wouldn’t be able to make it.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

From the crumbling area, Hong and the others fled to the main space. After only a few seconds, the crumbling spread to the portal.

Hong saw three towering beings after entering the main space. They were Void Gold Master, Lan Cang Master, and Ancestral Tree Knight.

“Quick, quick.”

Void Gold Master and Lan Cang Master were both universe masters from Huge Axe Dojo, while Ancestral Tree Knight was a top-tier universe overlord, so they could survive even if the miniature universe crumbled and the chaos air flow penetrated the miniature universe. However, many universe knights and undying fighters couldn’t survive in Universe Ocean.

“Come in.”

“Gather!” Void Gold Master gave an order. He teleported again and again and took away all the emperors and universe knights!

Hong arrived at the main space and was taken into the world ring by Void Gold Master. Everything changed.

Almost 1,000 humans stood on the plain. They all looked horrified, as they couldn’t believe what had just happened.

“Brother.” Tie Bi Knight stood beside Hong and transmitted his voice to him. “Did the keepsake our teacher gave you change?”

Hong nodded. “Still an object without any owner.”

“Same here…” Tie Bi Knight looked upset. “Did teacher just…? He’s so powerful. He’s a universe supreme master!”

“The spaces in the miniature universe, including the main space, started to crumble.” Hong also looked upset. “Teacher…”

Inside the main space of Huge Axe Universe, Void Gold Master, Lan Cang Master, and Ancestral Tree Knight stood in the sky, and the membrane of the miniature universe already showed cracks. The chaos airflow penetrated the small universe. It was the purest chaos airflow, unlike that of the primal universe.

“Quick, let’s go to other spaces and see whether we can save more or not,” ordered Void Gold Master.

“Yes.”

“Let’s go.”

They separated and teleported to one space after another.

It was urgent, so they saved the elites first. The elites were those selected from the original universe! They had great potential, so they were saved first. And then, the families were saved. Those families were of the universe masters or universe knights of Huge Axe Dojo.

Hong! Long!

The land with a diameter of 100 billion kilometers started to collapse, and the space fragments were detached. Some of the space fragments contained lands where humans were struggling. When they saw the towering Void Gold Master show up, they were excited.

Void Gold Master teleported and moved forward, trying to save those humans on the space fragments.

On the independent dimension of the virtual universe.

On the two sides of the bench in front of Huge Axe Godly Palace, the universe masters sat down, looking solemn. Each of the universe masters could feel the terrifying pressure.

“Void Gold, how’s Huge Axe Universe?” asked Primal Chaos City Leader.

Void Gold Master sighed. “We could only save the undying fighters, universe knights and the important elites. As for the others, we can only save part of them. Lan Cang, Ancestral Tree Knight, and I are still saving them, but only a small number can survive.”

“Elites are the ones that really matter.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Huge Axe Universe started to crumble, and those who die are only a small loss to us humans. However, if we can’t cope with it well, we’ll suffer billions of times worse!”

Luo Feng was horrified. What should they do?

“Without question, the death of Huge Axe is catastrophic to us,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “The map is fake. Who set this whole thing up? Why did Huge Axe die so quickly in Land of Darkness? These are all mysteries… I know that you all want to figure it out and avenge Huge Axe. However, for us humans, we need to put it behind first!”

“Finding out the murders and means of revenge—these are things to do later. Do you all understand?” Primal Chaos City Leader looked around the universe masters present.

“We do.”

“The fate of humans is the most important now!”

“Though we all want to figure it out, we’re not powerful enough. Even if we figure out who, we can’t do anything about it.” The universe masters all nodded.

They were all the top seniors of the human race. They had Huge Axe Creator protect them before, so things were easy for them, yet Huge Axe Creator was dead now; they needed to deal with everything themselves. They needed to think from the standpoint of the entire human race.

“Okay,” Primal Chaos City Leader said, relieved. It was important to stick together. “Huge Axe died. The small universe started to crumble, and lots of beings within our race know about it. As for other races like the bug race, the automaton race, and the demon race, they all have spies within our race, so they’ll know about it in no time! Besides, great beings go on adventures in Universe Ocean, and it won’t take a long time for them to know that Huge Axe Universe has crumbled.”

“Okay.” They all nodded. They understood that within the human race, some spies had their souls controlled. And in Universe Ocean, it wouldn’t take long for the universe masters to notice that Huge Axe Universe had crumbled. Then they would all know that Huge Axe Creator had died!

“A universe supreme master is extremely important to a race,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “They can control a vast area, and they can show up in lots of places in no time. They can revive universe overlords, as well. Without a universe supreme master, a race can’t even protect itself. We occupy an important territory, so there’s no way the other races will not be tempted.”

The bug race, the demon race, the automaton race, and the humans… These four races occupied the best area of the universe! Beings born in this area had greater potential! Just like the desert area Sitting Mountain Guest lived in couldn’t breed any living beings. Even though the original universe was enormous, some territories could breed lots of great beings while others couldn’t, which was why there were struggles. The four pinnacle races occupied the best four areas.

“Besides, territory struggles never end,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Luo Feng received the Duan Dong River inheritance. That was okay when Huge Axe was here, but now, Huge Axe has died… Who doesn’t want the inheritance of Duan Dong River? We must prepare for war! Remember, when Huge Axe died, we humans were forced into a different era. A more difficult era!”


Chapter 1261: Let’s Split Up

Every universe master seated wore an extremely solemn expression.

The reason was obvious. There was nothing they could do to hide the truth; if Huge Axe Creator was trapped in the Land of Darkness, so be it. So long as—in their capacity as higher-ups of the human race—they did not let the news leak, nothing much would happen. But now, Huge Axe’s miniature universe was starting to crumble and collapse. This was something they could not hide. A race without any supreme universe master, yet occupying what was said to be the best territory within the entire original universe and possessing the most precious inheritance within the entire Universe Ocean… Who would not be envious? Who would not be tempted?

The bugs clan, the demons, the automaton race… For countless years, they had been fighting the humans ceaselessly! When Huge Axe was around, that was the case. Without Huge Axe, would the three pinnacle races show mercy?

“We are no longer the human race we were before.” Primal Chaos City Leader’s gaze swept over them once. “We no longer have the protection of a universe supreme master! The severity of the situation is clear. Let’s put our heads together to think about what we should do now.”

“War is imminent!” Peng Gong Master, who was normally all smiles, was without a trace of a smile at that moment. Solemnly, he said, “This is for sure! And this war will not be small-scale hassles like before. This is a true war that concerns the extermination of an entire race, which is why, no matter what, we must first preserve the seeds of our race. Regardless of the outcome of the war, we must first be prepared for failure!”

“True.”

“That’s right.”

Everyone nodded in agreement. In a war that implicated the extermination of an entire race, it was necessary to consider failure before battle.

“We need to look out for our next generation,” Void Gold Master said right away. “Especially for the next generation living in our territory that displays high potential. We have to quickly gather all our members from the 1,008 universe countries who are at the universe level, domain level, and sector lord level, respectively! Then bring them over to the primal universe. More importantly, all the undying spirits and universe knights must be brought over to the primal universe. These undying spirits are the fruits of our accumulation over endless time, relying on the system of cultivation that Milky Way Horde Leader has acquired from the ancient civilization, given the large number of undying spirits of our human race, we can certainly cultivate a group of universe knights, and eventually, they will progress to becoming universe masters!”

“True.”

“That’s right.”

“For countless years, our number of undying spirits has grown to a sizable number. We must bring them all away.”

Everyone nodded in agreement. Undying spirits were useless in wars that involved the extermination of entire races, but in the future, they were likely to become universe knights or even universe masters!

“The human territory is vast, and there are countless ordinary citizens,” Void Gold Master continued. “Wishing to bring all the humans away with us is impractical! And even if war truly happens, all the other life planets with humans—like the bug clan and the automaton race—will not mindlessly kill or seek to exterminate the ordinary humans.”

Luo Feng nodded. This was the typical line of thought.

When wars that involved the extermination of entire races happened, the killings of great beings were exceptionally brutal. The worst scenario was that the killings went out of control and the ordinary humans were implicated. Otherwise, the rampages would not usually involve the deliberate slaughter of ordinary humans! And because one party started slaughtering, the opposing party could also start to slaughter. And for most ordinary humans and demons, so long as a large batch of humans was released from the various god countries of undying spirits and scattered across the various life planets, after 100 years or 1,000 years, their numbers could rapidly proliferate.

That was why, when it came to ordinary inhabitants, so long as there was a large pool of surviving humans within the god countries and world rings that would be the seeds preserving the existence of a race, the human race could rapidly multiply. Therefore, the influence over a race would not be that great.

The truly great influence was the territory! Only with a potential territory could there be a place for breeding humans!

“The greatest trouble we face now is that we are too weak,” Darkness Master said in a low voice. “Within our race, me, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Peng Gong are considered fifth-tier universe masters. We may be able to exchange blows with universe supreme masters, but we can only ensure our survival. Anything more than this, such as restraining the opponent, is simply beyond us. If the universe supreme masters want to leave, they can do so speedily, because they are not limited by the universe laws… Throughout the entire war, we are going to be at a great disadvantage.”

“There is something I have yet to tell you all,” Primal Chaos City Leader said.

Everyone looked toward Primal Chaos City Leader instantly.

“Luo Feng, you say it.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked towards Luo Feng, causing Darkness Master, Void Gold Master, Qing Dong Master, Remote Lord Master, Long Yan Master, and the few others in the group to follow suit.

“I am going to make a deal with East Emperor Holy Land,” Luo Feng began.

This matter had to be brought into the open. And now was the crucial moment, as it would greatly help in boosting their morale.

“Deal?” Darkness Master, Peng Gong Master, Ice Mountain Master and the rest had doubts springing up their minds.

“Yes, this deal will enable the human race to lay hands on two supreme true treasures,” Luo Feng said with a solemn face, “and between the two, one is a palace type true treasure.”

“Two supreme true treasures?”

“Two?”

“Milky Way Horde Leader, are you sure you are not mistaken? Supreme true treasures?”

Darkness Master and Ice Mountain Master, who were usually very calm, were shocked beyond words, whereas the other universe masters all started to show happy expressions. This was timely help in their hour of distress, just as they were lamenting how bleak their future was—that the human race would face great losses regardless of which pinnacle race attacked them. They did not even dare consider the possibility of being under siege.

Now, learning that they were going to be given supreme true treasures, their minds were instantly put at ease! Supreme true treasure—otherwise known as “dominating clan” true treasures— would be able to turn the tables for the human race.

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded. “This deal is about to take place very soon.”

“Inheritance?” Darkness Master suddenly said.

Silence prevailed as all the other universe masters looked over. This ancient civilization was the root of the rise of the human race! They might be in a predicament now, but to hand over the inheritance as part of the deal was something they were most reluctant to oblige.

Luo Feng shook his head. “Don’t worry. I will not do anything that will shake the roots of our race, that’s for sure. This deal was finalized long before Huge Axe’s fall, so we are not at any disadvantage to start with.”

“All right!” Primal Chaos City Leader ordered. “Stop wasting time. Now, all the universe masters, wherever you are, be it the Universe Ocean, or the original stars, all of you are to report back within the shortest time possible! And my human race, regardless of whether you are from the pulse of the dojo, the pulse of the virtual universe belonging to the division of the five pulses, or any division of the universe countries—in short, so long as you are from the human race, all undying spirits must speedily make your way to the primal universe!”

The top higher-ups merely had a concrete set of guidelines. As for the execution and detailed planning, all of these were naturally carried out by the universe knights or even the undying spirits.

The meeting ended quickly with all the universe masters speedily departing. Only Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader remained.

“Luo Feng!” Primal Chaos City Leader shouted for Luo Feng.

“Teacher?” Luo Feng turned around.

“You must be extremely careful at all times,” Primal Chaos City Leader said solemnly. “These two supreme true treasures are extremely important! You also obtained a supreme true treasure from the pulse of Duan Dong River… If that is the case, we humans will at least have some strength of resistance. As for the deal with East Emperor Holy Land, you must make it quickly! Before East Emperor Holy Land changes its plans once they catch wind of the news about Huge Axe’s annihilation.”

“Mm.” Luo Feng nodded with understanding.

The humans were weak; when it seemed as though they could be the subject of bullying by any other race, the East Emperor Holy Land might seriously entertain other thoughts and change its mind about the deal.

“Don’t worry, Teacher,” Luo Feng said solemnly. “I have the Boat of Mausoleum. They are dreaming if they think they can snatch it from me by force. I will take a firm stand on this deal and will show no trace of retreat.”

“Yes, make a fast deal. I only fear a change.” Primal Chaos City Leader said.

“All right, I will get in touch with North True Star Master right away,” said Luo Feng. He also worried, as before this, the two supreme true treasures were just extra blessings of fortune bestowed upon them— to further enable their plan to rise. But now… these two supreme treasures were vital to the human race.

Earth, Luo’s family ancestral home.

“Luo Hai, Luo Ping.” Luo Feng was on the host seat as he ordered, “You two brothers will take all the core members of our Luo Family and leave right away. Take them with you to another place in the world. And—from the entire pulse of earthlings, in the name of Ping Hai Company and other transfer companies, gather around a trillion humans from the pulse of earthlings and bring them along, too.”

“Dad.”

“Dad, you mean…?”

Luo Hai and Luo Ping were both full of doubts.

“The human race is going to face a great calamity,” Luo Feng said directly. “Don’t ask any further questions. Just do as I say. Now.”

“Yes.”

Luo Ping and Luo Hai had a good shock and did not hesitate further. Calamity? The human race was going to face a calamity?

Who was their father? Someone of the highest rank among the entire human race; if he said that there would be a calamity, then it would be the absolute truth. Core members of Luo Feng’s family? A trillion humans from the pulse of Earthlings? After such a long period of growth, the Luo Family numbered in the millions! The pulse of earthlings was a number much more exaggerated than the Luo Family’s!

This was why choosing from the core members and trillions of people from the pulse of earthlings… obviously, seeds had to be preserved! With these seeds and time, no matter how much time was required, the human race could rapidly proliferate and regain vitality and prosperity like before.

Luo Ping and Luo Hai dashed out, started to mobilize the great energy of the entire Luo Family and got to work.

“Luo Feng.” Xu Xin looked at her husband and asked, “What happened?”

“Huge Axe… has been annihilated,” Luo Feng said in a low voice.

Xu Xin’s eyes widened. Huge Axe? She was Luo Feng’s wife, so she naturally would know the structure of the highest committee of the entire human race. She also knew that the entire human race only had one universe supreme master—Huge Axe Creator! Huge Axe had been annihilated? This was definitely an impending calamity, or something even more terrifying.

“I will remain on Earth and then take you all to the primal universe,” Luo Feng said.

He was one of the great beings who made up the pillars of the human race! But he was also the leader of the pulse of the earthlings! Just in case, he was taking the Luo Family’s core members and a trillion humans from the pulse of the earthlings. As for those who remained, even if there truly was a war, things would not be so bad for the ordinary humans. Unless the higher-ups of the human race suffered a crushing defeat in the battle and had to retreat into the primal universe after a complete loss, that was when the entire human territory had no choice but to accept the fate of a great extermination of humans! A crushing defeat!

Luo Feng had no confidence of winning the battle, but he did not believe they would lose to the extent that they had to retreat to the primal universe.

In the vast Universe Ocean, a lone vessel was teleporting amidst the chaotic airflow, advancing forward, when suddenly, some distance ahead, a broken universe appeared. It seemed to have lost half of its original size.

Within the Boat of Mausoleum, Luo Feng looked out into the distance.

“North True Star Master, I have made it.” Luo Feng held the transmission token and spoke into it. He had gotten Remote Ocean body to return to Earth to make all the necessary arrangements.

As for his original earthling body, of course it would enter Universe Ocean right away to close the deal with East Emperor Holy Land. This deal had to be completed without fail, without a glitch, and the deal must be closed as quickly as possible.

“Milky Way Horde Leader, we from East Emperor Holy Land have arrived quite some time ago,” North True Star Master responded.

“Very well.”

Then the Boat of Mausoleum sped toward that ruined miniature universe.


Chapter 1262: Black Prison and Yan Jun

The damaged miniature universe crumbled universe eras before. It was like a sieve; half of it was gone, and the membrane had holes of all sizes on it. The density of chaos air was the same as the outside.

Hua!

Boat of Mausoleum flew in along a hole on the universe membrane. The universe was completely destroyed already, and there were some bodies and space fragments floating inside it.

“I started coming here after Huge Axe Creator died, and it’s been only nine days. The news shouldn’t have been space.” Luo Feng sat in the control room, yet he was nervous, as the trade was so important to the human race.

Hope nothing goes wrong! he thought.

The token received a message. “Milky Way Horde Leader! We’ve found you. I’ll come to you now.”

Luo Feng was holding a token as well. He transmitted the message, “I’ll wait for you here.”

He glanced around. Boat of Mausoleum would be an obstacle, but he could see the outside world easily. He saw a black oval shape in the distance. It teleported itself.

Shua!

It arrived at only 10 million kilometers away from the boat.

“Milky Way Horde Leader, give me the memory stones, and I’ll give you two supreme true treasures,” said North True Star Master.

“North True Star Master, I believe that we both want the deal to happen. Don’t waste my time.” The gate of Boat of Mausoleum was open, and Luo Feng was standing at the gate, wielding a stone blade. “I’ll be right here. Give me the two true treasures. Then I’ll give you the memory stones.”

“What if you don’t?”

The towering black oval had a crack, and a portal appeared. North True Star Master stepped out. After one step, he arrived in front of the gate of Boat of Mausoleum.

One of them was behind the gate. One was in the space outside the gate. They stared each other down.

“This is the memory stone.” Luo Feng held a memory stone in his right hand. “Trust me and give me the two supreme true treasures.”

North True Star Master looked at Luo Feng. He was very close to him. He wanted to attack him, but he knew that Luo Feng had already been strong, even before the inheritance. During the basic inheritance, he had defeated Blue Blood Knight and Deer Bug Master to become the sole inheritor, which meant he must have created fighting techniques of a universe supreme master! And with those inheritance skills, North True Star Master wasn’t sure that he could take Luo Feng down.

Besides, the gate might be closed.

“Okay!”

North True Star Master threw out a world ring.

Luo Feng waved his hands, and the red ring, which seemed to have flames on its surface, fell into his palm. His godly power sealed it, and his mind entered the world ring. He saw two towering supreme true treasures. One of them was a black pyramid, while another was a huge stick.

They kept the promise, Luo Feng thought. The deal is to have at least one palace type supreme true treasure. Easter Emperor Holy Land didn’t play us, and it got me the Black Prison Tower! As for the other one, it’s an attack type supreme true treasure. I haven’t even heard of it. It must come from the internal storage.

He could tell that the stick was a supreme true treasure. Palace type supreme true treasures were the most precious, while attack type was inferior.

“That world ring was forged by our ancestor.” North True Star Master smiled. “Supreme true treasures are very forceful. Normal world rings might be crushed.”

“Coined by the ancestor?” Luo Feng weighed the ring and nodded. “Is there other information about these two supreme true treasures?’

“Milky Way Horde Leader, that memory stone…” North True Star Master laughed as he stared at that memory stone in Luo Feng’s hands.

“Okay.” Luo Feng threw it away.

Xiu!

The memory stone flew to North True Star Master, who was greatly relieved.

“The detailed information of these two supreme true treasures?” Luo Feng looked to North True Star Master.

“One of them is Black Prison Star, as I bet you already know,” said North True Star Master. As for the other one, it’s called ‘Yan Jun.’ When they recognize you as their masters, you’ll learn their information.”

“What are the requirements?” asked Luo Feng.

“It’s demanding on willpower,” said North True Star Master. “Black Prison Tower require universe masters to have the willpower of a universe supreme master. As for Yan Jun Rod, it requires a universe master to have the willpower of a pinnacle universe master, and it requires a universe supreme master to have the willpower of a pinnacle universe supreme master.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded.

The worth of valuables could be discerned from the conditions for recognizing masters. Though most of them had requirements on willpower, they had different levels. Black Prison Tower had tougher requirements than Yan Jun Rod, while Shi Wu Wing required universe knights to have the willpower of universe supreme masters —tougher than Black Prison Tower!

As for Star Tower, it required sector lords to have the pinnacle willpower of a universe knight! As for the requirements for undying fighters, Luo Feng wasn’t sure. Sitting Mountain Guest said that it was impossible for universe knights and universe masters to be recognized as its master! Besides, if someone failed, they would die, which was much tougher than Shi Wu Wing!

Although Luo Feng had seen many valuables and had learned a lot about supreme true treasures, he’d never seen anything that would kill those who failed. Luo Feng had always thought that Star Tower must be more terrific and special. However, Star Tower was only mediocre up until now. As for Shi Wu Wing, it was mighty. Even the broken Shi Wu Wing was powerful. Of course, it was of the machine type, so its power could be used all at once. Unfortunately, origin couldn’t be used.

“If the memory stone satisfies our ancestor, there’ll be another deal,” North True Star Master said, standing in space and looking at Luo Feng. “I hope that Milky Way Horde Leader won’t disappoint our ancestor.”

“Relax, it won’t,” said Luo Feng.

“Okay.” North True Star Master nodded, took a step, and arrived at the entrance of the black oval. The black oval teleported and disappeared.

Hua!

The gate of Boat of Mausoleum was closed.

Luo Feng was relieved. “Everything went smoothly. I got the two supreme true treasures.”

He walked back to the control palace, and he couldn’t help laughing at how North True Star Master had reacted. He could tell that North True Star Master had wanted to attack him. However, North True Star Master was only an average universe supreme master, as he didn’t have a miniature universe.

If you enter Boat of Mausoleum, I’ll kill you, Luo Feng thought.

No matter how powerful universe supreme masters were, they would die if they entered Boat of Mausoleum. Everyone knew how dangerous it was, so nobody would enter.

At the top of Thunder Island in the virtual universe, Primal Chaos City Leader sat beside a wooden round table. A screen was floating in front of him. Lots of information was on the screen, and it all pertained to the current situations of the human race. Ever since Huge Axe Creator died, Primal Chaos City Leader had been concentrating on the news. The human race was bringing all the undying fighters to the primal universe.

However, the human territory was vast, so it would take a long time. Even if they were operating in the most effective way possible— without taking into consideration energies used—it would still take a long time. After all, they were scattered everywhere.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng walked to him.

Primal Chaos City Leader saw Luo Feng, and his eyes gleamed. “How was it?”

“Everything went well. I got the supreme true treasures.” Luo Feng smiled. “I’ve inspected them. These are both okay.”

Though their conditions for recognizing masters were not as tough as Shi Wu Wing, valuables were only powerful when their power was fully utilized. For universe supreme masters, a supreme true treasure with six levels of engravings was the same as a supreme true treasure with nine levels of engravings, as the other three levels of engravings couldn’t be used by universe supreme masters.

“One of them is Black Prison Tower.” Luo Feng smiled. “You know how Black Prison Tower works. It’s really precious. As for the other, it’s called Yan Jun Rod. It’s an attack type supreme true treasure, and it can also serve as armor.”

When someone held Yan Jun Rod, the material would extend to cover the user’s whole body, forming armor. Although it wasn’t a real supreme true treasure armor, it could rival Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor.

“Yan Jun Rod is about strength,” Luo Feng explained. “It uses terrifying strength. The better the engravings utilized, the more powerful Yan Jun Rod will be.”

“Oh!”

Primal Chaos City Leader frowned and nodded. “Black Prison Tower is a perfect fit for your uncle Darkness Master. As for Yan Jun Rod, it’s better for Peng Gong Master. Only Peng Gong Master is good at using Rods.”

“Darkness Master? Peng Gong Master?” Luo Feng was dazed. “Teacher!” said Luo Feng. “You’re the most powerful being of our race. With a supreme true treasure, you’ll be a top-tier level-six universe master. You should have that Black Prison Tower. Besides, palace type supreme true treasures are used for defense, so everyone can use them.”

Luo Feng wished that Primal Chaos City Leader would use Black Prison Tower, considering the status of Primal Chaos City Leader. It would be strange if Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master, and Darkness Master had supreme true treasure while Primal Chaos City Leader— who led the primal universe—didn’t have one.


Chapter 1263: The Final Distribution of True Treasures

Within Universe Ocean, in the deep region of the endless chaotic airflow, a Boat of Mausoleum was at rest; in the other direction, a crimson pagoda appeared out of nowhere, where it immediately transformed in a crimson streak of light. It flew toward that Boat of Mausoleum, and, while merely inches away from the Boat of Mausoleum, it vanished into thin air.

“Golden horned beast body.”

In the hall, with a stone blade on his back, Luo Feng watched the golden horned beast appear before him. They looked one another in the eye. Both pairs of eyes reflected the same steely determination.

“War!” Luo Feng whispered.

When Huge Axe Creator was annihilated, Luo Feng was aware that this period would be the most critical time for the humans; universe masters scattered all over Universe Ocean and the Original Stars were rushing back, so his golden horned beast body, which was initially deployed to the deeper region of the Universe Boat to obtain the legacy of Jie Fanzi, was naturally summoned back immediately.

After all, his golden horned beast body was holding onto Shi Wu Wings and Star Tower, which made up a total of two supreme true treasures! This was superior combat power altogether. During a war that would decide the fate of a race, such power was a necessity.

If there is war, my original earthling body and my golden horned beast body can set off for war together, Luo Feng thought.

His original earthling body had the formidable Blood Ghost Blade suitable for attacking even the toughest opponents! Even if pitted against a universe supreme master, he would still dare to take up a one-on-one fight.

Golden horned beast body had Shi Wu Wings. The godly blood stains on Shi Wu Wings could bring about extremely effective impact on willpower, especially when dealing with ordinary universe masters. It could simply wipe them out! And with the protection of ‘Star Tower’… it could easily deal with an enemy force as big as hundreds and thousands of soldiers. Each had different combat personalities.

Come on, Luo Feng silently said to himself.

He had already prepared himself. Perhaps in Universe Ocean, he would be at a disadvantage when confronting universe supreme masters because his godly power was holding him back, but in the original universe, there was an ultimate limit of power. The sixth tier was the ultimate limit, and every universe supreme master would be allowed to unleash their combat power to as much as this limit allowed before the original universe would start to exert suppression.

It was a powerful suppression, so powerful that relying on Blood Ghost Blade, Luo Feng dared to fight the war. It was just a pity that he could only fight the war without being able to hold his opponent back. The initiative still lay with the opponent.

After meeting up with Golden Horned Beast, Luo Feng boarded the Boat of Mausoleum and speedily returned to the original universe. The trip to and from took him a total of 18 days.

Primal universe, Primal Chaos City, within Primal Chaos City Leader’s Palace.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng met with the other body of Primal Chaos City Leader that sported a more hideous appearance.

“You’re back.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded.

“The other races are keeping quiet, not making any moves recently. They have yet to learn of the news of Huge Axe Creator’s annihilation, I suppose?” Luo Feng asked persistently.

“Not a single movement yet.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Maybe it hasn’t been long enough, and internally, our race is keeping the secret well under wraps. When seen by any of those beneath us, the large-scale movement of undying spirits will appear as a lack of order—a messy commotion! As for those in Universe Ocean who may or may not have seen Huge Axe’s miniature universe collapsing, we will just have to depend on our luck.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

If they were lucky, no one would pass by the place where Huge Axe’s miniature universe was for the next ten to 100 years.

If they were unlucky, then perhaps that very day, some universe master would penetrate the walls of the original universe and make the discovery.

“It will be best if no one discovers it. The longer, the better.” Primal Chaos City Leader gave a rare smile. “If we can give rise to another universe supreme master, that is ideal. You have brought the two supreme true treasures safely back, which is a contribution beyond words.”

Luo Feng nodded and could not help but ask, “Teacher, the distribution of the two supreme true treasures…?”

“Let’s go, we will talk when we get inside the virtual universe,” Primal Chaos City Leader said.

“Oh.” Luo Feng was left with no choice.

Previously, he had talked Teacher into it. But it seemed like Teacher had already made up his mind that the two supreme true treasures would be distributed to Darkness Master and Peng Gong Master. Luo Feng was in disagreement because these treasures were his contributions; of course, it made sense that they would be distributed according to his wishes, which was why teacher and disciple had both came to an agreement that the final decision would be made only after a thorough discussion with Peng Gong Master and Darkness Master.

In the virtual universe, at the long stone table before Huge Axe’s godly palace, four figures were now seated. They were Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness Master, Peng Gong Master, and Luo Feng! The four of them were now the strongest beings of the entire human race, and they formed the four pillars supporting the race.

“Two supreme true treasures are brought back.” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “They are Black Prison Tower and Yan Jun Rod! The special traits of Black Tower Prison… Brother, Peng Gong, both of you should know. I feel that it is very suitable for you, my brother.”

“Me?” Darkness Master was momentarily shocked. No matter how detached and aloof he could be, he could not help but feel his heart trembling because this was a supreme true treasure they were talking about. “Brother…” Darkness Master started to speak.

“Don’t refute this,” Primal Chaos City Leader said with a nod. “Your power is comparable to mine, even though in war you may be a bit less powerful. The help that Black Prison Tower can supplement me with mainly lies in providing me with stronger defensive ability. But for you, you can put it to highly good use in terms of attacking. In your hands, it will be able to unleash stronger powers. And Peng Gong, that Yan Jun Rod—out of us all, only you are skillful with the use of rod-type weapons to launch attacks. There is no need for you to decline any further.”

Peng Gong Master hesitated a little.

True. Out of all the strongest beings of the human race, only he was skilled in using rod type techniques, and now that the human race was facing a critical moment, he should not try to object so strongly. Yet if that was the case, would it not mean that he and Darkness would each be taking one supreme true treasure? What about Primal Chaos City Leader? For countless years, Primal Chaos City Leader had been known to be only second to Huge Axe. He was the most hopeful candidate for the next universe supreme master.

“Primal Chaos City Leader, you…” Peng Gong started to say.

“Teacher….” Luo Feng said.

He was also hesitating, unsure of how he should go about persuading. If his persuasion worked, then the previous meeting with Primal Chaos City Leader alone would have been more than enough to get him to agree with him.

“This is not just my decision. It is also Teacher Origin’s decision.” Primal Chaos City Leader finally opened up.

“Teacher Origin’s decision?” Luo Feng, Peng Gong, and Darkness were all shocked.

Suddenly, on an empty stone chair by that long stone table, a white-robed man appeared. Luo Feng and the rest quickly turned around and with great reverence, shouted, “Teacher Origin!”

Looking at the white-robed man, the tension and pressure that had been weighing Luo Feng down of late finally loosened up a little.

The human race… still had Teacher Origin!

Even when Teacher Origin was under eternal suppression, he was still able to provide humans with the original universe as their land of retreat.

“The few of you here are all quite powerful.” Teacher Origin looked towards Luo Feng and the other three. “If you all are given some time, together with the systematic guidance Luo Feng obtained from the ancient civilization, all four of you can be hopeful in becoming universe supreme masters… What a pity that time is a luxury that the humans seriously lack at the moment. But if you all are pitted against any one group in a fight, given your powers and the supreme true treasures, you all should have nothing to fear!”

“And yet, only Luo Feng has gotten the inheritance from the pulse of Duan Dong River, which is the same as saying the humans have gotten the inheritance! This time around, Huge Axe’s annihilation…” Teacher Origin’s eyes flashed a hint of grief. “Considering the numerous universe supreme masters within the original universe, I’m afraid not many could remain unmoved. My human race will come to face all sorts of attacks, be it openly or in the dark, from the various groups of powers in the entire original universe.

“There is nothing else to fear. Given your powers, even if you are pitted against a universe supreme master, under the limit set by the original universe on universe supreme masters, you have nothing to fear. My only worry is that you all will be sealed!”

“Sealed…”

Everyone’s expression changed, Luo Feng along with the rest. Yes, even if they had other true treasures—or even supreme true treasures with them—there was a possibility of being sealed all the same! Once they were sealed, if they were brought to a certain miniature universe, they would certainly be at the mercy of their captor.

And the strongest defense capable of resisting this seal: Star Tower and Black Prison Tower!

When a supreme true treasure palace was pitted against a seal, the outcome would depend on which was stronger.

“When two to three universe supreme masters join forces, first, they will surround you all so that no one can escape. Second, they will suppress you all with a seal right away.” Teacher Origin shook his head with a sigh. “Once you are being sealed, all will be too late, so you all must bear this in mind… Sealing you is very easy, but if you all are thinking of sealing a universe supreme master, that is difficult.”

Luo Feng and the rest nodded. His words were so true. Even if the space ripples were locked down and teleportation was impossible, the speed of a universe supreme master was still able to soar by leaps and bounds to reach a speed that was way beyond the limit of the universe laws! They were in total control when it came to initiating a war or not. If they wanted to leave, they could depart anytime; if they wanted to rage war, they could fight anytime.

“However, our human race does have some capital, too,” Teacher Origin said solemnly. “We have Black Tower Prison. And Luo Feng also has a Boat of Mausoleum, so we got to put them to good use… In this war, it will be better to lay low at the beginning, but the moment we start attacking, we must do so viciously! Make the other races feel the pain, fear, and hesitation. Then we shall have achieved something. At least there will be some effect on those other races who do not have much power but are just here to reap some benefits from us; this will send running.”

Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness Master, Peng Gong Master, and Luo Feng all nodded. The nine top powers in the original universe weren’t the only groups that had to be considered! There were still various other groups like the Thorn Ring Alliance and many more. Many other groups of powers that were one notch lower in abilities might also find the human race an easy target for bullying and thus, join in the siege. That would be a terrifying notion.

“For the distribution of true treasures this time around,” Teacher Origin said, “Darkness will take Black Prison Tower, and Peng Gong will take Yan Jun Rod! As for Primal Chaos City Leader… you will take charge of the primal secret region. You shall not attack recklessly. If Primal Chaos City Leader has to attack, that will indicate that the human race is facing its final stage of desperation.”

Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master hesitated slightly.

Finally, all of them nodded. They all knew what Teacher Origin meant. Obviously, when there was the need to go out onto the battlefield, the race had to depend on the three of them, while Primal Chaos City Leader would be the last line of defense in the primal secret region!

Time passed.

The human race had always remained cautious and maintained vigilance, so it seemed like the various races in the original universe and the other groups of top powers within the Universe Ocean were still oblivious to Huge Axe Creator’s annihilation.

Universe Ocean, within East Emperor Holy Land Universe.

In a remote location within the vast East Emperor Holy Land universe, Luo Feng had chosen a dilapidated universe that was nearer to the original universe to carry out their deal, but that place was much too far from East Emperor Holy Land. Even if North True Star Master were to teleport over long distances, he only managed to return to East Emperor Holy Land half a month after Luo Feng arrived back at the original universe.

Within North True Star Master’s palace…

Hua!

North True Star Master stood within his palace where a lone figure was suspended in midair. It was East Emperor Ancestor, who had appeared out of thin air a while ago and was radiating cyan light.

“Ancestor.” North True Star Master bowed respectfully. “I have gotten hold of the memory stone.”

“Give it to me.” East Emperor Ancestor looked down at North True Star Master with a glimmer of desire in his eyes.

“Yes.”

With a flip of his hand, a black stone appeared in North True Star Master’s palm: memory stone. With a wave of his hand, the memory stone appeared before East Emperor Ancestor, who then looked down at it in his palm. The look in his eyes changed… He had desired it so much…

Shortly after, a stream of light ray shone from East Emperor Ancestor’s palm and enveloped the memory stone. Instantly, a large amount of information from the memory stone surged directly into East Emperor Ancestor’s mind.


Chapter 1264: Huge Axe? Dead?

Eastern Emperor Ancestor read the enormous amount of information he had with his eyes closed.

North True Star Master was anxious. He knew how much the ancestor valued that deal, and it would be a problem if something went wrong. “Ancestor rarely shows up, yet he showed up quite a few times for the inheritance of Duan Dong River, and he said a couple of times that he’s willing to trade everything. I hope the memory stone will satisfy the ancestor!”

After a while, Eastern Emperor Ancestor was skimming through the information much faster than Luo Feng. He ignored all the experience at the bottom and started from the levels higher than universe supreme masters.

It was completely silent in the palace.

“Humph!” Eastern Emperor Ancestor opened his eyes, and his eyes glinted fiercely.

“Ancestor?” said North True Star Master.

“Damn it! That goddamn human Milky Way!” Eastern Emperor Ancestor clenched his teeth.

“Ancestor, what about this memory stone?” North True Star Master grew anxious.

“This memory stone does contain the information superior to universe supreme masters.” The ancestor sneered. “And there’s a lot. However, the training experience in this memory stone is less sophisticated than mine! It’s just a unique way of training! It hasn’t even reached my level! It’s useless!” The Ancestor’s voice shook the space around him.

North True Star Master said furiously, “Ancestor, that human Milky Way dares to trick us! We’ll make him regret it!”

“How?” The ancestor looked at North True Star Master. “Are you going to the original universe?”

North True Star Master couldn’t respond to that. None of the great beings from other universe eras—including the two holy lands— dared to trespass in the original universe, as they would die if they did.

“Then, we’ll just let him have the two supreme true treasures?” asked North True Star Master.

Eastern Emperor Ancestor was thinking in silence. Perhaps North True Star Master felt distressed for the two supreme true treasures; they were nothing to the ancestor. What the ancestor did care about was that he’d been looking forward to the memory stones that contained more sophisticated training experience for so long, yet the training level in the memory stone couldn’t even match his level.

His hope was gone! He couldn’t just let it go! Could he simply be blunt about it with Luo Feng?

He understood that Luo Feng couldn’t read the training experience superior to the universe-supreme-master level, which meant Luo Feng did want to give a memory stone recording sophisticated training experience,. Yet he wasn’t sure how sophisticated the training experience was.

“Perhaps it’s just bad luck? Perhaps Luo Feng has memory stones that have more sophisticated training experience.” Eastern Emperor Ancestor still had hope.

A token showed up on his palm. It was a communication token.

The Ancestor transmitted the message. “Luo Feng!”

Inside the city leader’s palace, Luo Feng sat in a quiet palace, drinking. At one end of the palace were railings, and the entire Primal Chaos City was in sight when someone leaned against the railings.

He looked relaxed, yet actually, 99 percent of his mind was in the space of inheritance in the Boat of Mausoleum. An avatar of godly power was comprehending the path of beast god. The avatar of godly power in the ninth abyss had already crumbled, as the so-called top techniques in the ninth abyss could be found in the inheritance of Duan Dong River, and he could find more detailed and comprehensive engravings.

The best way to improve his power was to become a universe master as soon as possible. However, even if he hit the threshold and had cultivated enough, it might take him a long time to make the breakthrough—perhaps dozens of eras. If he was lucky, he could succeed in one shot, but Luo Feng hadn’t reached the threshold yet.

The time in the space of inheritance was 10,000 times faster than the time outside! Luo Feng thought. One year equals one era outside! No matter how long it takes, I’ll become a universe master within decades.

“Huh?” Luo Feng frowned. “The token given by North True Star Master? Why is he contacting me now? Is it something about the memory stone?”

All the three memory stones prepared for the deal had training experience superior to universe supreme masters. However, they weren’t qualified to be included in the core inheritance, so it meant it was not sophisticated. At least it was weaker than Duan Dong River. Training experience at Duan Dong River’s level was included in the core inheritance.

He waved his hands, and a token showed up.

A message was sent. “Luo Feng.”

“North True,” Luo Feng responded.

“I’m Eastern Emperor,” the messaged continued.

Luo Feng was stunned. Eastern Emperor? That was the most ancient being in Universe Ocean! And judging from the size of the miniature universe, he must have been the most powerful being in Universe Ocean as well.

“I can’t believe Eastern Emperor Ancestor contacted me directly and called my name. It’s my honor,” said Luo Feng.

The great beings from other universe eras often called him “human Milky Way.” Only a few of them called him “Luo Feng.”

“How are the two supreme true treasures?” asked Eastern Emperor Ancestor.

“Fantastic,” answered Luo Feng. “The only thing is, one of them is an attack type true treasure. It’ll be better if it’s a palace type or a domain type true treasure.”

“I’ve met your requirements; however, you didn’t meet mine,” Eastern Emperor Ancestor replied via a message. “Although the memory stone you gave me does have training experience superior to the universe supreme master level, there’s too little of it, so it’s useless to me.”

Luo Feng said, “Sorry. I can’t read the material superior to universe supreme masters, so I have no idea how sophisticated it should be. I can’t argue with anything you said.”

“Are you saying I lied?” Eastern Emperor Ancestor sounded furious.

“No,” said Luo Feng. “I’m just saying that the experience in the memory stone does surpass the level of universe supreme masters.”

“I guarantee you, by my reputation, that the training experience in the memory stone is lower than my level,” said Eastern Emperor Ancestor. “It’s completely useless to me. I require you to give me another memory stone, and I won’t pledge it with any supreme true treasures.”

Luo Feng was shocked. Why did the ancestor talk about his reputation? He understood now that Eastern Emperor Ancestor didn’t want to trade his supreme true treasures for memory stones anymore.

“I can’t do that,” said Luo Feng. “Firstly, I don’t know whether you’re telling the truth or not. I can’t just give you the second memory stone without getting anything in return! Besides, we had a pact before. The first memory stone requires two supreme true treasures, and the second one requires four supreme true treasures.”

“Your first stone is useless to me!” said Eastern Emperor Ancestor. “Why would I lie to you?”

Eastern Emperor Ancestor was infuriated. If it weren’t for the superior training experience, he wouldn’t have wasted so much time talking to Luo Feng. He was very aloof, and Luo Feng wasn’t even worth his time. The only thing he valued was the inheritance of Duan Dong River.

“I don’t care whether you lied or not,” said Luo Feng. “If you want the second memory stone, give me four supreme true treasures.”

“Humph!” Eastern Emperor Ancestor was furious and cut off the communications.

Luo Feng glanced at the token, smiled, and put it away.

“Eastern Emperor?” Luo Feng sneered. “An old guy who can never step out of the holy land? Your reputation means nothing to me! Do you really think you can get the second memory stone without paying anything?”

Just wait and see, Luo Feng thought.

He could tell that the ancestor wanted more advanced experience. As long as he really wanted it, he would say yes.

Let’s just see who’s more patient, Luo Feng thought.

At a membrane of the original universe.

Hong!

A towering being rushed out of the membrane, and a hole appeared. The towering being had two horns on his head with bloody hair. There were green scales on his body and black scales on his chest. He had six eyes, and another pair of tiny ears were hidden under his larger, pointy ears. He was carrying a strange weapon.

Bar Lion Master looked around and whispered, “It’s better to rush out from my god country out of the original universe. That giant black hole is too far. Okay, I’ll head to Tilted Peak Sector now.”

Shua!

He teleported himself.

After only half an hour, Bar Lion Master stopped among the chaos airflow. He saw the towering miniature universe.

“This is the miniature universe of Huge Axe,” Bark Lion Master whispered. “I saw it every time when I went to Tilted Peak Sector. Why does it look different this time?”

He was far from the miniature universe, and it just started to crumble. The surface was still intact, and the space cracks were small, but the inner space had completely crumbled.

However, it felt different this time. The miniature universe had been forceful and vivid in the past. This time, however, it looked dead. Bar Lion Master sensed that something was wrong.

“Huh?” Bar Lion Master teleported himself to beside the small universe. “Ah!”

Bar Lion Master was shocked. He saw the cracks in the miniature universe, and the chaos airflow kept penetrating it. He could even see some destroyed lands.

“Huge Axe? Dead?” Bar Lion Master was bewildered.


Chapter 1265: An Alliance

Bar Lion Master was not simply an ordinary living soul residing in Huge Axe’s miniature universe. Many humans who had witnessed the world collapsing and the space crumbling did not understand this meaning. How could Bar Lion Master not know?

“How could it be? How could it be that a universe supreme master has been annihilated!” Bar Lion Master’s six pairs of eyes widened. “Teacher Origin of the humans was suppressed by the origin of the original universe, and for eternity.” Bar Lion Master’s eyes were filled with tears. “The only one truly holding the race together was Huge Axe Creator, and now, even Huge Axe Creator has been annihilated. Does it not mean that the human race will no longer be a pinnacle race?

“The automaton clan, the demons, the bug clan, and the humans… The four pinnacle races occupy the four main territories with such pride. They even look down on us, the prison clan. Now that Huge Axe has been annihilated, that means the automaton clan, the demons, and the bug clan will act soon. There is no way they will let the humans go. Besides, that human Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng received the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River— something that all the powers in the entire Universe Ocean coveted. This inheritance is said to be the chance for anyone to transcend a reincarnation era. This is just great! Now the killings are going to get even crazier.”

Bar Lion Mater was quick to pick up the reality of what Huge Axe’s annihilation would represent.

Huge Axe’s annihilation was obviously a fact that could not be kept under wraps. It was just a matter of who learned about it first.

“For now, the news has yet to be spread, so it seems like the other races are still in the dark.” Bar Lion nodded discreetly. “I have to rush back and report this to my clan.”

In the homeland of the prison clan, the birthplace was a place named “Prison.”

Prison was fraught with dangers. The life forms here were born to fight and kill one another. Every waking moment, countless beings were annihilated. They were all from various races, but because their birthplace was a common “prison,” they were collectively known as—the prison clan! In this endless prison, the being with the highest status was undoubtedly the legendary Prison Clan Devil Ancestor!

Rolling mountains exuded frigid air. Layers of mountains cascaded over one another. On every layer of mountain range were countless steps upon countless steps, extending and leading up to the higher grounds, then extending and leading further up into the end of the clouds. On these steps were numerous powerful living souls of the prison clan. All of them exuded a formidable aura. The sprawling mountain range was so vast and lofty that it was known as the Prison Clan Ancestor Mountain.

Hong!

A lone figure appeared instantly and flew straight for the peak of the ancestor mountain.

The numerous powerful guards of the prison clan on the steps did not dare stop the approaching figure the moment they saw who it was. A short moment later, this figure arrived at the public square of the group of towering godly palaces.

“Bar Lion Master, what urgent news do you bring us?” the leader of guards at the end of public square asked in a low growl. “How dare you send only your avatar here!”

“Of course, this must be something major,” Bar Lion Master said solemnly.

Hong! Long!

The palace doors behind that leader of the guards opened automatically. A piercing voice that sounded like blades clashing against one another said, “Come in.”

“Devil Ancestor!” Bar Lion Master flew in without further ado.

In the palace, Bar Lion Master looked up to see that, high up on the throne, a lone figure had appeared out of thin air. This malefic figure was covered in an intricate mix of silver and black, and its entire being was like a human form. It had a long, sharp tail that resembled a scorpion’s tail, and this tail extended out to such a length that it could encircle half of the mighty palace. Beneath the silver helmet, a pair of red eyes looked down.

This was Devil Ancestor! The prison clan’s Devil Ancestor!

Under Devil Ancestor’s guiding strategies, the entire prison clan was filled with internal fights and struggles that were brutal and horrifying. There was also a hierarchical caste system in place that was exceptionally strict. These crazy internal fights and struggles began at the lowest level of the hierarchy. Therefore, every prison clan great being that arose was an embodiment of absolute iron will, insanity, and cruelty. This was very unlike that of the humans, whose leaders took a friendlier and kinder cultivation approach to bringing up their ordinary humans beings.

“Devil Ancestor!” Bar Lion Master greeted with reverence.

“Your avatar is here to see me? What is it?” Devil Ancestor’s voice made Bar Lion Master’s heart tremble.

Bar Lion Master replied right away. “My original body is preparing to head for Tilted Peak Sector—”

“Speak up! What is it?” Devil Ancestor was getting a little impatient.

“Huge Axe! Huge Axe has been annihilated!” Bar Lion Master replied, no longer mindful of anything else. “Huge Axe Creator has been annihilated.”

Hua!

A shadow flashed past, and an arm filled with black muscles covered with a silver shell instantly appeared before Bar Lion Master and caught hold of him. At the same time, Devil Ancestor’s eyes shot out hazy red light which quickly enshrouded Bar Lion Master as he asked anxiously, “Huge Axe? Are you saying that the human, Huge Axe Creator, has been annihilated? Are you kidding me? Given his ability? Which is so much more powerful than you can ever imagine!”

Devil Ancestor might not be clear about Huge Axe Creator’s true power, but he could faintly feel something about it, and he knew that Huge Axe was a terrifying figure.

“I certainly dare not lie to you, Devil Ancestor,” Bar Lion reported. “My original body was heading for Tilted Peak Sector. In the midst of teleporting, I chanced upon his miniature universe and was shocked to discover that… Huge Axe Creator’s miniature universe was starting to crack open with empty holes surfacing. A large amount of chaotic airflow was surging in, and I could even see through the empty holes and look inside where the space was collapsing. Land was cracking with broken parts floating about. Apparently, the miniature universe has started to fall apart… It is confirmed that Huge Axe Creator is dead. I know the severity of the situation; therefore, I did not dare hesitate and sent my avatar over right away to report this matter.”

Hua.

The black-muscled arm released its grip and slowly retracted. On his throne, Devil Ancestor’s eyes were glimmering. Then he said, “If what you say is true, then you have done a great service to the clan.”

Shua!

Devil Ancestor vanished from his throne.

Merely a short moment later, within Universe Ocean, amidst the chaotic airflow that was not far from the membranous wall of the original universe, a horrifying figure appeared and stood tall within the void space. He had a huge and sharp tail that encircled his body, and his pair of red eyes gazed far off into the distance at the area that was occupied by a miniature universe.

“Huge Axe’s miniature universe.” Devil Ancestor scrutinized it.

Hong!

With one step forward, Devil Ancestor arrived at the border of the membranous wall of the miniature universe, dealing such a thunderous strike against it that a part of it collapsed and fell within the miniature universe.

“What a weak membranous wall.” Devil Ancestor took one look behind him. “It is not even capable of self-restoration. Not a trace of life at all.”

He turned around. He looked at the vast space, at the floating pieces of space that contained bits and pieces of land. The entire universe was still gradually falling apart.

“To think that Huge Axe could actually be annihilated.” Devil Ancestor’s eyes were shining. “Unbelievable. He was so powerful. Not long ago, he even obtained a supreme true treasure. By right, given his power… there should be no one capable of killing him. When one becomes a universe supreme master, he will always be vigilant and careful. Even in the three most dangerous lands, he would not allow himself to fall into any desperate situation. And yet, Huge Axe was annihilated! Just how did he die?”

Devil Ancestor was secretly astounded.

“Whatever. Since he is dead, things are going to get interesting.” Devil Ancestor’s eyes were filled with anticipation. “Let me add some fuel to the flames. Huge Axe may be dead, but the human race still has 17 universe masters. Earlier, Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng received the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River. With his help, the power of the human race should not be underestimated.”

Especially that Teacher Origin… though Devil Ancestor. Teacher Origin. I’m afraid he has left the human race with a trump card.

“No matter what, a race without a single universe supreme master, and yet with the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River… Humph!” Devil Ancestor said to himself. “Let the demons, automaton race, and bug clan take the lead! We shall see just how sturdy a foundation the human race has. Can it hold on or not? If it cannot hold on much longer, then my prison race will be quick to catch up.”

Very quickly, under Devil Ancestor’s secret plot to add fuel to the flames, news of Huge Axe Creator’s annihilation was transmitted to the demons, automaton clan, and bug clan almost at the same time.

The original universe, amidst the quiet starry sky.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Three streaks flashed across the void space and landed instantly. One was a huge oval, one was a sylphlike shadow, and the last one was a gigantic, silver-white snakehead.

“Dream Tea, Empress, you all should have looked into the matter already,” the shadow of the oval said.

“Yes,” the sylphlike shadow replied.

“Huge Axe has indeed been annihilated,” the silver-white snakehead also said. “This news was discovered by Fan Ye Master, who was wandering around. When the news spreads, I believe the entire original universe will learn of it very quickly!”

The shadow of the black oval said solemnly, “The humans and we three races occupy the best territorial lands within the entire original universe. These territories allow us to breed life forms with great potential, which is why we three races can remain strong and powerful all this while… especially the humans, with that Teacher Origin’s power that is extremely strong! Even though Huge Axe has never really displayed an outburst of his power, there were several times when traces of it could be detected. I trust that you all should be aware. One after the other, these two universe supreme masters are so powerful that territory belonging to the human race must certainly be extraordinary—to be able to breed living souls with such potential.”

“The fight for territory is inevitable,” the shadow of the oval said. “Besides, this time around, that inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River is bound to become an object of desire that various clans in the original universe will covet for.”

“True.”

“Yes, who wouldn’t desire it? This is a chance for transcending reincarnation.”

“What should we do?”

The three universe supreme masters discussed the matter among themselves. They had ideas of attacking, but, just one party attacking would be very exhausting, and they were all worried about being placed at a disadvantage upon being attacked while the others stood to gain from their losses.

“The power of the human race must not be underestimated,” the sylphlike shadow said in a voice that was incomparably pleasing to the ears. “Teacher Origin was so powerful. Most likely, he would have left his human race with some trump cards. And the Boat of Mausoleum of that Luo Feng is also extremely powerful… I’m just worried that Luo Feng does not only have a Boat of Mausoleum. He has likely brought some other treasures with him, too. So, if we are going to attack, we three races must act together.”

“If this is the case!” continued the sylphlike shadow. “For those who are waiting behind to gain some benefits, we three races can deal with them together. It will not be strenuous at all. As for our three races, we have a total of four universe supreme masters, and the humans do not even have a single universe supreme master now. Exterminating them all… a piece of cake! So long as we are able to deal with the strongest few, everything will work out just fine!”

“Hmm.”

“Then what should our course of action be?”

“Of course, we must act fast! We must be so fast that they do not even have the chance to react. Especially for the other groups of powers of the original universe, since the news just got out, the other groups of powers may not know anything yet. Besides, they are scattered all over the original universe. They are still far from us. On the other hand, we happen to be near to the humans! We can be the fastest to take action!”

“Sure.”

The bug clan, the demons, and the automaton race were extraordinary, too, given that they were all pinnacle races. Their efficiency was naturally extremely high.

A speedy decision was made. Then they took action on that very day!


Chapter 1266: The War is Coming!

“All universe knights and emperors—enter Demon Ancestor Universe!” The two demon ancestors gave an order.

The war started!

All these emperors and universe knights could be future universe masters, so they couldn’t be put at risk. As for those domain lords and sector lords, it would be difficult to say whether there would be a universe knight, so even if a lot of them were killed, a new group would be born in the near future.

In the virtual space of the demon race…

“Shock Horn, I’ll lead this time!” said the giant silver snake. “You’ll guard our race.”

“Okay,” said the strange beast with the serrated shell. “The bug race and the automaton race only have one universe supreme master, respectively, so you’ll be enough! Take my keepsake. If something goes wrong, I’ll be there as soon as possible.”

“Okay.”

At the same place, Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor looked at the 12 great beings in front of them.

Dream Demon Ancestor said, “This was it about the foundation of the human race. I’ll lead and protect all of you! However, you 12 should be divided into four teams of three, and when it’s critical, two teams should cooperate, or all of you shall cooperate with each other… To sum things up, you should make sure that you’re safe. What you need to do is to assist me! I’ll be the center of this war.”

“Yes, Demon Ancestor.”

All the universe masters were excited.

The union of three races—they just wanted to destroy the entire human race. The 12 of them combined already dared to approach the human race, not to mention when they were led by Dream Demon Ancestor.

Dream Demon Ancestor gave the order: “Go!”

In the territory of bug race, far away, a purple oval a trillion kilometers tall was floating in the sky. There were twisted engravings on the purple oval like the arteries and veins of a human.

Hu!

A streak of light flew toward the purple oval and flew in along a crack. Then another streak of light flew in the purple oval.

“Empress!”

Inside the beautiful palace in the huge purple oval, the six bug clan queens wearing gauze coats all saluted the bug clan Empress on the throne.

The bug clan Empress looked down and said, “We must get the inheritance from Duan Dong River. If we succeed, we can transcend incarnations! You six will all stay in my nest and lead the warriors to fight. You’ve prepared fully for this fight. Although there are only six of them, you’ll be as powerful as the 20 or even 30 universe masters of the demon race and automaton race if you cooperate with each other well.”

“The demon race and automaton race can’t compare to us,” said a bug clan queen. “If the war is a group effort, we’ll be at a huge advantage. We also use our storage and will stay in our Empress’s nest. We don’t need to worry about our safety. Instead, we just need to utilize all our power.”

“If we attack at the same time and attack only one universe master, even if he doesn’t die, he’ll be stunned and sealed.”

“That’s right.”

“If we cooperate with each other, we can reach the limit of the original universe.”

All six bug race queens were confident.

“Then we shall let the humans see how powerful our race is,” Empress chuckled. “Let’s go!”

Her smile was breathtaking, but it was cruel and ruthless.

Inside the automaton universe…

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

A towering being made of steel teleported into the area and flew toward that black oval.

“Father God!”

“Father God!”

“Father God!”

The willpower was spread.

“Let’s go to the original universe. To the human territory!” said the black oval, and the metal beings all answered and flew into the portal.

The demon race, the bug race, and the automaton race were very fast. Within the same day that the prison race spread the news, they started to act.

The human race was on high alert.

Primal Chaos City in the primal universe.

At this time, Primal Chaos City had become the real center of the human race. Darkness Master, Peng Gong Master, and Luo Feng were all there.

“Brother, Peng Gong, Luo Feng! Come now!” A voice resounded at three different corners in Primal Chaos City. At the three corners lived Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master.

Luo Feng opened his eyes. “It’s begun?” he whispered.

Sou!

A teleportation.

In the main palace, three beings showed up after teleporting. They looked at each other first, then at Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Chaos, is the news leaked?” asked Darkness Master.

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “The news has just spread. Besides, Teacher Origin told me that his virtual universe has already detected the demon race, the automaton race, and the bug race. There will be supreme beings coming at us. We need to prepare ourselves.”

“Teacher Origin?” Luo Feng, Darkness Master and Peng Gong Master all looked surprised.

“I’ve never told you.” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “The virtual universe of Teacher Origin covers the entire original universe! Unless some universe masters given orders that are strictly enforced, the virtual universe covers almost everywhere—other than rare areas like original stars! As long as the virtual universe covers it, Teacher Origin himself is watching!”

“Ah!”

Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master looked joyful. They were happy to learn what Teacher Origin could do. What made it even better was that it would be like monitoring the entire warzone. Besides, he was monitoring the entire original universe.

“Even if universe supreme masters act and repel the virtual universe,” said Primal Chaos City Leader, “Teacher Origin will be able to tell which area it is, and he can tell where the universe supreme master is.”

“Okay.”

They all nodded.

“The news was just spread. The three races will need time to arrange everything, but it won’t take long,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “You three will be the major fighting forces this time! Act now! There are still some pinnacle true treasures in our race. If you need them, just apply to use them.”

“Oh?” Luo Feng, Darkness Master and Peng Gong Master were kind of surprised.

“I need a pinnacle domain type true treasure.” Luo Feng smiled. “However, I’ll trade it for my pinnacle palace type true treasure.”

“I’ll need an illusion true treasure.” Darkness Master nodded.

“Okay, let’s act now. I’ll tell the other universe masters,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Then the other three universe masters will be divided into three teams and will follow you. They’ll assist you. Perhaps they’re not powerful individually, but when they cooperate with each other, they’ll be of great help.”

Luo Feng and the others nodded and left.

During the inheritance of Duan Dong River, lots of great beings of the Divine Eye clan died, and the Boat of Mausoleum had gained some pinnacle true treasures. There was one pinnacle soul type true treasure! However, there weren’t any pinnacle domain type true treasures, so he got it from the storage within the race.

“Most of the valuables were left by Huge Axe Creator.” Luo Feng sighed.”Shi Wu Wing has three pairs now. Although they’re merged, the power isn’t stronger. I’ll just separate them.”

Luo Feng had already had a plan. The first two pairs would be carried by his original earthling body so that it could perform Golden Country, and with a pinnacle domain type true treasure, space binding would be fully utilized.

As for the white wing, Golden Horned Beast would be carrying it. After all, the white wing was used as blades. It was already powerful enough. When Nirvana Renaissance was performed with it, it would be incredible.

Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master had soon gathered in the main palace, and there were 12 universe masters this time.

“The 12 will be divided into three teams and follow you three,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “The team of Void Gold Master will follow Peng Gong Master; the team of Qing Dong Master will follow Darkness Master; the team of Ice Mountain Master will follow Luo Feng. Go prepare first. If the three races do anything, I’ll notify you immediately.”

“Okay.”

“I can’t wait.”

All the universe masters were belligerent. Humans were very proud.

They wanted to fight humans? Let them come!

“Luo Feng, stay here first,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

Everyone left.

Primal Chaos City Leader said to Luo Feng, “Are you sure about the power of the Golden Horned Beast?”

“Confirmed.” Luo Feng nodded. “When he uses all his power, he can rival a universe supreme master. Compared to other universe supreme masters, he’s just not fast enough! Of course, he can’t fight as long as other universe supreme masters! However, I have lots of protection on him.”

Golden Horned Beast had Star Tower and the white wing, both of which were supreme true treasures! And the godly blood on the white wing was terrific. The fighting power of Golden Horned Beast was, indeed, incredible.

“Okay.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Don’t tell anyone about this body. This time, you, Darkness, and Peng Gong will be the major fighting powers. As for this Golden Horned body, it’ll be a safety net.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Go now,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Once something happens, I’ll let you know. But I bet it’ll be today.”


Chapter 1267: The Supreme Masters Who Traveled Alone

In one of the secondary halls, four figures sat in silence.

At that moment, Luo Feng walked in with a stone blade at his back as his eyes swept through the hall in one swift look. This time around, those treading the same path he was taking were Ice Mountain Master, Long Yan Master, Deserted Mirror Master, and Remote Lord Master. In terms of power, Remote Lord Master was slightly inferior, but the other three were extraordinary because they were extremely ancient beings.

Ice Mountain Master and Long Yan Master had been under Teacher Origin’s guidance before, thus explaining their abilities; as for Deserted Mirror Master, he was the creator of the Universe Mercenary Alliance. That was a testimonial to his ability!

“Luo Feng.”

“Luo Feng.”

“Milky Way.”

“Luo Feng.” The four looked over and called out at the same time.

Deserted Mirror Master said in a solemn tone, “For this war, I will only leave one body behind. The other three will follow you into the battlefield.”

“This way, our team will be stronger,” Luo Feng said with a sigh. Usually, Deserted Mirror Master would reap personal benefits for the Universe Mercenary Alliance under his command, but at the critical moment, he would not go soft. When one could become a universe master, to have more than one body was something quite common. Long Yan Master also had another body.

The majority of them would have a total of two bodies. One body would remain in the god country while the other would normally go out to battle. Like Deserted Mirror, Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader—who were able to own more than two bodies—such great beings belonged to a minority. Just one universe master from this genre could fight against a few other ordinary universe masters. This was also the overall power of Deserted Mirror’s Universe Mercenary Alliance, which was one of the reasons why this Alliance was slightly stronger than the Universe Star River Bank and Universe First Bank.

“Deserted Mirror Master, Ice Mountain Master, Long Yan Master, and Remote Lord Master, the four of you will attack at the same time,” Luo Feng said. “In this way, especially with the three bodies of Deserted Mirror out on the battlefield… with all of your powers combined, we can be confident of warding off even the attacks of universe supreme masters. However, such tangled warfare can get very dangerous, so it is better to fight within the surroundings of the Boat of Mausoleum.”

“Mm.”

“True.”

Deserter Mirror and Ice Mountain both nodded. They were confident but not reckless. After all, given their surroundings alone, there were already three other pinnacle races as neighbors. Any one of these races was comparable to the humans! Should the three other races decide to lay siege to the humans, with their universe supreme masters and greater number of universe masters, once the siege and fights commenced, the human race would definitely suffer a great loss. At this point, if the human race still insisted on their act of heroism, they would be courting death.

However, if they had sixth-tiered universe masters as their strength in battle, they did still have the capital for acts of heroism.

“This time, I…” Deserted Mirror said in a low voice, “am most worried that the other powers will act together! Undoubtedly, the three pinnacle races will attack. But if the other powers are to take action, too… The most terrifying ones are the universe supreme masters who move about alone. If they were to join in…”

Luo Feng, Ice Mountain, Remote Lord, and Long Yan were at a loss for words. Everyone wore awful expressions.

True enough. The top nine powers in the original universe were, namely, the Ancestral God School, the humans, the demons, the automaton race, the bug clan, prison clan, the crystal clan, the Northern Territory Alliance, and the Space Beast Alliance! Aside from the humans, the Ancestral God School, the demons, the automaton clan, the bug clan, and the Space Beast Alliance all had supreme true treasures! The prison clan, the crystal clan, and the Northern Territory Alliance did not have any.

Because the prison clan and the crystal clan did not have any supreme true treasures and were located in more remote areas and, overall, slightly weaker, the other powers—like the humans, demons, automaton race, and bug clan—would usually engage in fights against these two groups just as aggressively, but they did not really consider two races as equals.

A must-know: Other than these nine top powers, there were also supreme masters that traveled alone, like Sitting Mountain Guest, Shi Hua Island Leader, Black Universe Creator, Virtual Real Devil God, and Demon Beast Ancestor. These universe supreme masters were born as special life forms and grew up to become universe supreme masters, so all of them were incomparably ancient, with strong powers that allowed them to be arrogant.

In fact, the Alliance Master of the Northern Territory Alliance was a supreme master who originally had been a lone traveler but was eventually roped into joining the alliance. Even so, he was only alliance master in name and would only occasionally help out in the alliance. That Alliance Master had his own supreme true treasure, but he would never use it for the purpose of helping the Northern Territory Alliance. Even if the alliance was doomed, that Alliance Master would not feel the pressure at all.

In the original universe, there were around a dozen universe supreme masters, and they all bore grudges against one another.

Demon Beast Ancestor, for example, proclaimed himself to be the “guiding figure for the demons” and the “leading figure for the space beasts.” He thought himself to be the true ancestor of both the demons and space beasts, which was why he called himself Demon Beast Ancestor. He had once basked in great glory, but later, the Space Beast Alliance and demons broke free from his control. This was one of the reasons why the demons were always so loud about the fact that the space beasts were a part of the demons. The dispute between the two races was, indeed, great.

No matter what, these supreme masters who traveled alone were not to be trifled with. Some were mysterious, like Northern Territory Alliance Master, Sitting Mountain Guest, and Shi Hua Island Leader. Some fought their way through extremely great battles of fame, like Black Universe Creator, Demon Beast Ancestor, and Virtual Real Devil God. They were all born as special life forms, and they were more ancient than any other beings!

Other than the unlucky Demon Beast Ancestor, everyone else had their own supreme true treasures that they carried around with them!

“Nine top powers and the group consisting of lone travelers.” Secretly, Luo Feng was secretly on edge. “The group consisting of lone travelers is more mysterious, as they have no need to fight for any race. They only have to take charge of themselves… And these special life forms are all extremely ancient, like my teacher Sitting Mountain Guest. This group of lone travelers certainly does not pale in comparison to any of the top nine powers of the universe. With the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, the temptation to transcend a reincarnation era must be quite alluring to them.”

An intangible pressure within the hall kept Luo Feng, Ice Mountain, Deserted Mirror, and Remote Lord all in silence.

“Humph!” Long Yan Master said in a hoarse voice. “No matter who our enemy is, there is only one battle! We humans… are left with no other choice!”

All four pairs of eyes—those of Luo Feng, Deserted Mirror, Remote Lord, and Ice Mountain—lit up. It was true. If their enemies were to kill their way through, what else could the human race do? They could only fight through this one battle!

In three of the secondary halls of Primal Chaos City Leader Palace, three troops were waiting in silence. During the wait, a murderous intention was brewing within their hearts.

A voice resounded in all three secondary halls at the same time: “Come quickly!”

Luo Feng, Ice Mountain, Long Yan, Deserted Mirror and Remote Lord rose to their feet all at once, and with a single teleportation, they all disappeared at the same time.

Within the main hall of Primal Chaos City Leader Palace.

With Luo Feng leading the troop with Ice Mountain Master, Darkness Master leading the troop with Qing Dong Master, and Peng Gong leading the troop with Void Gold Master, three troops appeared together. These 15 powerful beings all looked at Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Everyone…” Primal Chaos City Leader’s gaze swept through them all. The eyes of all the universe masters were surging with fighting spirit as they were all ready for a bloody battle.

“The demons, the bug clan, and the automaton race…” Primal Chaos City Leader said solemnly. “Based on Teacher Origin’s speculation, the universe supreme masters of these three groups should already have met up once for a discussion, and as of just a moment ago, the three races have started to take action.”

Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master could not help but show feelings of intense craziness in their eyes. They had truly attacked the human race!

“And every one of these three troops have supreme universe masters,” Primal Chaos City Leader continued. “The moment they arrived in the starlit sky via their god country transportation, Teacher Origin sensed it… The problem is that all of them had their universe supreme beings forcing their way into the virtual universe, which is why, out of these three troops, we are unable to tell which troop belongs to the bug clan or the demons. Everything is unknown to us.”

“I trust that news of Huge Axe’s annihilation will spread within the original universe very quickly,” Primal Chaos City Leader said with a heavy heart. “I believe it will soon attract the other groups of superpowers, the groups of powers that are a notch less powerful, and even the supreme masters who are lone travelers. Which is why this first battle must be one that can scare the various groups and instill some fear so that there will at least be some who will hesitate in attacking us. If our race is weak… it will cause some other groups of powers to be worried, as they may lose out on advantages because of being late. I’m afraid that by then, the various groups of powers and universe supreme masters will all come at us in hordes. Then our human race will really be forced to retreat from the original universe.”

Everyone maintained silent.

It was true. So what if they had two to three supreme true treasures? The nine top powers of the universe, various top-notch groups of powers, and supreme masters who were lone travelers… Once all of them charged toward the human race together, it was certain death for anyone who tried to stand in their way—unless they hid in the Boat of Mausoleum throughout the entire war. But if they were to remain hidden, how would they protect their territory?

Primal Chaos City Leader’s eyes were sharp. In a low growl, he continued, “I have discussed the matter with Teacher Origin. In this first battle, our human race will send out three small troops to join forces and attack one of theirs! If we join our forces, in one swift move, we will destroy this troop! Let them suffer heavy losses, and make the other groups of powers so scared that they will not be mindlessly reckless.”

“Yes.”

“Destroy them!”

“Launch a full attack on this one troop! Exterminate this troop!” Luo Feng and the others gritted their teeth and roared.

They were all aware that things would be tough, but they had to harden their hearts and be vicious. If they could not even destroy one troop of such, when the other powers came charging toward them, they would be facing their greatest nightmare.

“Great!” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Now, we set off right away. As for the coordinates of the three troops, we will head toward whichever is easiest for us to access. Then we will exterminate whichever troop we find there.”

“Yes.”

“Let’s go!”

“Let’s go!”

All were shouting at the top of their lungs with rage shrouding their minds, voicing everything they had suppressed within their hearts! Now was the time for war; now was the time for their outburst!

The human race had three troops composed of super beings with the strongest attacking force, and they had speedily left Primal Chaos City to arrive at the original universe.

“This set of coordinates. We can easily arrive here within the shortest time.”

The virtual universe had become the headquarters of the high command, and Primal Chaos City Leader was in control of the entire situation. This time around, the three troops had brought a large number of undying spirits, and many of these had, in turn, a large number of tokens scattered all over the universe. Therefore, they had efficient ways to get to their god country transportation.

“Let’s go!”

“Let’s go!”

“Let’s go!”

There was a Boat of Mausoleum, a Black Pyramid, and an Ancient Palace. (This was a pinnacle palace true treasure, under the limit of the original universe. It had limited attacking force. Even so, it was impossible to cause damage to a pinnacle palace true treasure.) They belonged to the three troops led by Luo Feng, Darkness and, Peng Gong, respectively.

Hong!

Amidst a dazzling golden light, time and space were contorted!

Light rays of god country shone through time and space and reached out over a slightly further distance to envelop the Boat of Mausoleum, Black Pyramid, and Ancient Palace in its golden light rays; at the same time, it transported them over to their destination.

“You all are still about 120 light years away from your target,” Primal Chaos City Leader informed via the virtual universe. “These are the exact coordinates.”

Within the Boat of Mausoleum, Luo Feng was in his suit of silver armor with two pairs of widespread silver wings and a stone blade on his back; he also carried with him a pinnacle soul true treasure to protect his soul. Given his willpower, together with the pinnacle soul type true treasure, even if ten Virtual Real Devil God were to attack, he would have no fear!

“Teleport!”

“Teleport!”

“Teleport!”

Three troops teleported almost simultaneously. Almost simultaneously, the Boat of Mausoleum, Black Pyramid, and Ancient Palace leaped over a distance of 120 light years and appeared amidst a quiet and dark sky. There was not a single star in their surroundings, only a gigantic, dark gray vessel far away within that contorted space. The moment Luo Feng and the three troops appeared after teleporting there, a boundless and powerful aura surged and spread out from that gigantic vessel, then it swept towards Luo Feng and company.

“It’s the demons!” Luo Feng. The rest took one look at that gigantic vessel, and right away, they identified the targets of their attack for this round.


Chapter 1268: Fight Dream Demon Ancestor

Inside the large ship, a giant silver snake sat on the throne with its eyes half closed. His tail was winding around the edge of the throne, and the tip extended to the palace hall. In the palace sat 12 universe masters from the demon race, and this time, they had been sent here for the war. They had been preparing for the upcoming war.

“Huh?” The silver snake gave a sidelong glance.

All 12 universe masters followed his gaze. The wall of the spaceship couldn’t block the sight whatsoever. They immediately saw three palace type valuables appearing in the dark sky in the distance: a spaceship, a pyramid, and a palace.

“Boat of Mausoleum?” said Dream Demon Master. “It’s a human!”

“Humans!” the universe masters screamed.

“The humans dare to emerge first!”

“Humph!”

The dark sky outside the giant spaceship was like an endless ocean. Suddenly, time and space waves were formed in the dark sky. The twisted time and space formed powerful shock waves that shot toward those three palace type valuables again and again. The black pyramid and the ancient palace immediately hid behind Boat of Mausoleum.

Hong!

The shock waves hit Boat of Mausoleum, but it was pretty stable. It wasn’t affected when it was hit by all the supreme beings in Flame Ice Region. The space and time waves were like nothing to it.

Space and time waves hit the boat repeatedly while the three palace type valuables resisted them like stones among the waves.

“Look, Luo Feng.”

“It’s that Dream Demon Ancestor.”

Inside Boat of Mausoleum, Ice Mountain Master, Long Yan Master, Huang Jian Master, and Remote Lord Master were all looking at the outside, holding their breath. So was Luo Feng.

In the dark waves, a blurred, giant silver snake gradually appeared. It extended as if it ran through the entire sky. To the horror of everyone, it looked more than a light year long.

“That Dream Demon Ancestor is so huge,” said Remote Lord Master.

Huang Jian Master said coldly, “Dream Demon Ancestor has the supreme true treasure ‘Dream Scale’ to protect him! Normally, great beings wouldn’t endlessly extend their bodies, as it would significantly weaken their defense. However, she is a universe supreme master with an incredible godly body. It was suppressed by the original universe, so she only showed the godly power 10,000 times stronger than universe masters. Besides, she has a supreme true treasure armor! With those two things combined, she can change his godly body however he wants.”

Ice Mountain Master squinted. “It seems that she wants to annihilate us all together.”

“Let’s go,” said Luo Feng.

Sou!

He teleported to the gate of Boat of Mausoleum. While fighting for the inheritance of Duan Dong River, he couldn’t teleport in the boat. However, Luo Feng was the owner now, so he could use all the functions in the boat, so he could easily teleport.

The gate opened, and Luo Feng stood at the gate. He took a look at the sky. The silver snake was a light year long, and it rammed the boat. Its giant head hit the ship while the universe masters of the demon race showed up.

A being showed up beside the palace behind Boat of Mausoleum. It was Peng Gong Master. “Luo Feng,” he said. “I’ll fight him first.”

Peng Gong Master was holding Yan Jun Rod, which was black and purple. There were complex engravings, while there was armor, a pair of boots, and a helmet on Peng Gong Master’s body. Peng Gong Master was powerful, and he dashed at that giant Dream Demon Ancestor after an angry roar.

Dream Demon Ancestor’s gigantic body raced toward the three palaces. On top of its head was the spaceship where 12 universe masters of the demon race gathered.

“Look, the humans came out.”

“It seems to be Peng Gong Master.”

“He’s too arrogant. Does he really think he alone can fight our Dream Demon Ancestor? He’s seeking death!”

The 12 universe masters gathered and looked at the fight in relief. They were fairly confident they would win this battle. After all, they had a universe supreme master. First, they would let Dream Demon Master show what she had. After all, if they meddled, Dream Demon Ancestor might be upset.

Hong! Hua!

Peng Gong Master spun Yan Jun Rod.

Yan Jun Rod quickly expanded and became 100 million kilometers long from tens of thousands of kilometers long. The head of Yan Jun Rod was incredibly powerful, piercing through layers of space, hitting Dream Demon Ancestor’s body, piercing through layers of space. Dream Demon Ancestor screamed, exclaiming, “A supreme true treasure!”

Hong!

The head of Yan Jun Rod stung the giant body of Dream Demon Ancestor. Its body trembled and dropped back, but it wasn’t hurt.

“I can’t believe you humans still have supreme true treasures, a supreme true treasure I’ve never seen.” The giant snake’s head looked down at Peng Gong Master, its voice resounding. “Though you have the power of a level-six top-tier universe master, it means nothing! The original universe will suppress any power stronger than that. Even supreme masters can only exert the power of the top-tier sixth level. However, my body and my true treasure armor can protect me from attacks much stronger than that, not to mention attacks of the sixth level. These attacks can’t kill me in the original universe. Hahaha…”

The humans didn’t care about that at all.

It was true. It was indeed impossible to kill a universe supreme master in the original universe. However, the real target of the humans in this war wasn’t universe supreme masters but universe masters!

“Kill! Kill!”

Luo Feng, standing on Boat of Mausoleum, and Darkness Master, in the black pyramid in the distance, spoke. That meant the other two teams started.

“Bigger!”

“Bigger!”

“Bigger!”

The black pyramid kept growing. Instantly, it turned into a giant black pyramid three light years tall. Compared to that, Dream Demon Ancestor was like a thin silver snake. That black pyramid crushed toward the giant silver snake.

“Supreme true treasure!” Dream Demon Ancestor said in a shocked voice.

“Another supreme true treasure!”

The 12 universe masters were all stunned. They were thrilled that Peng Gong Master had a supreme true treasure. Now, they were horrified! How had the humans gotten two supreme true treasures so easily? And one of them was a palace type—the most valuable kind of supreme true treasures!

Palace type true treasures usually had the ability to seal, and with supreme true treasures, one could adventure through more places in Lands of Extremis. They were very precious.

“Black Prison Tower! It’s Black Prison Tower! How did the humans get Black Prison Tower from Easter Emperor Holy Land?” Dream Demon Ancestor couldn’t believe what she saw. She didn’t think of it as a big deal when she saw the black pyramid. After all, lots of valuables had the shape of a black pyramid. However, there was only one supreme true treasure in the shape of a black pyramid: Eastern Emperor Black Prison Tower!

Dream Demon Ancestor grew incredibly greedy. “No matter how you got that, we of the demon race want that Black Prison Tower!”

Black Prison Tower pressed down, causing Dream Demon Ancestor to back away. At the same time, she gave an order: “Demon race, attack! Get the two supreme true treasures.”

The 12 universe masters of demon race were all excited after receiving the order.

“Yes, Demon Ancestor.”

“Yes, Demon Ancestor.”

“We’ve been waiting for this moment for too long. Two supreme true treasures! With these two, our power will be greatly strengthened.”

“The human race is indeed exceptional.”

“Kill! Kill! Kill!”

“Get them all!”

Prohibition Master, Sky Wolf Master, and You Mo Master… All the universe masters from the demon race roared. They all looked different, representing various clans of the demon race. They teleported at the same time and rushed toward the battlefield.

The 12 universe masters acted at the same time!

The 12 universe masters arrived at the battlefield instantly. Just when Peng Gong Master and Darkness Master were fighting Dream Demon Ancestor, they attacked Peng Gong Master.

“Magic Vine!”

“Nine Sectors of Heart!”

“Extinction Fire!”

Some spiritual force weapons were attacking by winding, and there were illusion attacks and soul attacks. There were also huge blades, axes, and claws! The 12 universe masters cooperated and attacked, especially under the suppression of the original universe, they were more terrific than a universe supreme master!

“We’re waiting for you!” Darkness Master, Luo Feng, and Peng Gong Master were in different places, yet they were all sneering.

“Dark Sinking!”

The black pyramid spread endless black engravings, covering the vast area, as well as the 12 universe masters.

Luo Feng—who hadn’t acted—opened his wings as well. The golden light covered an area of ten square light years, and his pinnacle domain type true treasure Snow Sand Ocean was used as well. White sand floated in the sky. The white sand and the blurry golden light were combined and formed an incredible bond, binding the 12 universe masters.

Golden Country and Snow Sand Ocean! When they two were combined, they immediately repelled all the pinnacle domain type true treasures. There weren’t any domain type supreme true treasures, so the combination of Golden Country and Snow Sand Ocean were invincible.

Hong!

Boat of Mausoleum immediately became bigger and charged at the 12 universe masters.


Chapter 1269: Kill Peng Gong

The 12 universe masters from the demons who were just filled with fighting spirit and confidence were instantly dealt repeated heavy blows. The lofty Black Pyramid that was suspended high up in the air unleashed bouts of black ripples that unfolded and dispersed toward them, and these black ripples easily penetrated through their armor and reached within their godly bodies to start exerting influence over their souls.

“What is happening? It seems like… No more. No more strength.”

“Willpower… I cannot focus my willpower.”

Prohibition Master and the rest of the demon universe masters knew they were in trouble. This technique of “Sinking into the Darkness” was a move meant for attacking a group, but because it was attacking all 12 of them at the same time, it could not cause them to sink completely. Yet with their entire bodies feeling void of strength and their willpower unable to focus, even if they were to consume their godly powers and battle on with gritted teeth, the power they could release seemed to be only half of what they actually exerted!

“No fighting spirit!”

“Willpower is under the influence.”

“In such a terrible form.”

They were all feeling awful when an endless golden light and snow-white grains of sand floating about started to appear within a region of ten light years around them. If Sinking into the Darkness was influencing their willpower and souls on the surface, causing them to fall under an extremely great influence, then this combination of Golden Kingdom and Snow Sand Ocean would be a material attack that placed a gigantic restraint over them! It was as though countless ropes were encircling the universe masters, binding every single one of them.

“It’s a domain!”

“That’s Luo Feng’s domain! Why does he still have his silver wings?”

“I thought his silver wings got lost when he was in the Ninth Deep Abyss. How is it possible that now—?”

Luo Feng’s wings were still around, yet, the domains of these universe masters were easily oppressed and crushed; within this region of ten light years, everything fell under the influence of the countless icy cold, snow-white grains of sand floating in the golden light. Under this restraint, their powers were further reduced.

Sinking into the Darkness and Restraining the Domain were two moves that suppressed the average power released by the 12 universe masters to only 30 percent of their battle power! Among them, although Prohibition Master’s willpower had reached the level of a universe supreme master—where the influence over him was smaller—he could, at most, unleash 60 to 70 percent of his power. As for the others who were weaker, like Sky Wolf Master, the power they could release was left with only 10 to 20 percent.

“Peng Gong Master and Darkness Master, your troops will jointly attack those 12 universe masters.” Luo Feng performed a voice transmission instantly through his domain. “Leave Dream Demon Ancestor to my troop!”

“All right.”

“All right.”

Peng Gong Master and Darkness Master responded right away.

Luo Feng stood at the front deck of the gigantic Boat of Mausoleum and dashed toward the 12 demon universe masters without further ado. Dream Demon Ancestor was growling and roaring as it swung its body against Black Prison Tower in its attempt to stop Darkness Master from using the move Sinking into the Darkness, but at that very moment…

“Luo Feng!” Dream Demon Ancestor’s huge snake’s head looked at the fast-moving Boat of Mausoleum and knew the situation was bad. The 12 universe masters from its clan were already under extremely strong influence. If even it was being laid siege by Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master, and their troops, would that not mean they were finished?

“Get lost!”

It had a mighty, massive body, and because it was so humongous, it could easily attack Black Tower Prison, Peng Gong Master, and the Boat of Mausoleum. With a single wave of its tail, it swung and whipped the Boat of Mausoleum.

“Come on!” Standing on the deck of the Boat, Luo Feng’s eyes lit up. Where it was originally charging toward the 12 universe masters, the Boat of Mausoleum suddenly changed course in another direction.

Hong!

The Boat of Mausoleum suddenly started to expand from 100 billion kilometers to a trillion kilometers. In an instant, it had expanded to a size that was comparable to Dream Ancestor’s. Previously, in Flame Ice Region, when the five true masters of the Divine Eye Clan utilized their supreme true treasures to form the attack technique “Eternal True God,” Luo Feng also expanded the Boat of Mausoleum quickly and used it to defeat Eternal True God.

This Boat of Mausoleum was an automaton treasure from the ancient civilization. In terms of dynamism and dominance, it was a notch stronger than normal supreme true treasures.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

A gigantic vessel and a large silver snake—both were around the size of one light year. Two massive creatures were colliding against one another amidst the silent, starlit sky.

“Roar!”

Dream Demon Ancestor yelled, but she was quick to realize that pitting strength against the Boat of Mausoleum was pure stupidity. The speed of the Boat of Mausoleum was not the least bit affected, whereas her massive silver snake body was sent flying into the distance, belly up.

Dream Demon Ancestor suddenly let out a furious shout. “Luo Feng!”

When the Boat of Mausoleum was expanding, Luo Feng had suddenly vanished and charged toward the 12 demon universe masters in the distance! With a huge pair of silver wings outspread, like a dazzling, sharp blade screaming through the air, he charged toward the 12 universe masters with murderous intention.

Luo Feng had originally planned to make use of the Boat of Mausoleum to deal with Dream Demon Ancestor. However, he saw that Dream Demon Ancestor had no plans to shrink into a smaller body. Instead, she seemed prepared to confront him head-on with that massive body as her way of resistance, so Luo Feng simply changed plans and charged toward the other 12 universe masters, leaving only an avatar of himself that was sustained by his godly power to control and navigate the Boat of Mausoleum.

The Boat of Mausoleum was an automaton vessel, so it was very easy to control. Duan Dong River had died long ago, so now, a mere virtual consciousness was able to control the Boat of Mausoleum. Furthermore, Luo Feng only needed to use part of his godly power to control it. Even so, the power that it unleashed was certainly not to be underestimated.

12 demon universe masters were instantly overcome with desperation. Sinking into the Darkness and Restraining the Domain!

Peng Gong Master, Luo Feng, and Darkness Master were charging toward them in the open. Yet who knew when the other human universe masters laying ambush in the dark would take action while the three were dealing blows to them? The opponents had supreme true treasures, and that Black Prison Tower, in particular, could keep them sealed and suppression.

“Quickly! Take cover in here!”

“Into the boat.”

The 12 demon universe masters did not dare to make any reckless moves. Immediately, all of them hid in the huge vessel.

“Ancestor!”

“Ancestor!”

“Ancestor!”

All 12 universe masters immediately pleaded for help. If they were up against the humans one-to-one, they were certainly not weaker in comparison. Who would have expected the humans to have a supreme true treasure? This put them in a disadvantageous position, which had resulted in them being placed at the losing end right at the very beginning.

“Roar!” From afar, Dream Demon Ancestor—who had been on the losing end from the start, pitted against the Boat of Mausoleum, raised its snake’s head and screamed out in rage. It was clear that being caught in a fight with the Boat of Mausoleum was a silly move, so merely after a single exchange of blows, it reluctantly changed its strategy and shrank its godly body speedily!

From as large as one light year, it rapidly transformed into a silver snake that was 10,000 kilometers long. Previously, it had taken up such a large form because it thought it would give it an edge over its opponent—that its massive size could suppress the entire troop of great beings from the human race! Then it could get the 12 universe masters from its clan to join forces and sweep out the entire human troop.

But reality mocked it; its opponents had the Boat of Mausoleum and Black Prison Tower, which were two supreme true treasures palaces, so there was no way it could counterattack. Therefore, its initial plans added up to failure.

Sou!

After it had transformed into a silver snake merely 10,000 kilometers long, Dream Demon Ancestor’s speed quickly soared at such a rate that it instantly surpassed the limit of the speed of light. It moved so fast that the naked eye could not see it. Only by probing around the domain with one’s godly power could there be any hope of detecting Dream Demon Ancestor, who was moving at such a terrifying speed.

“This is what we call a universe supreme master!”

Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master, and Darkness Master were all sighing in their hearts. Prior to the battle, they had devised strategic plans because they did not feel that dealing with the demons would be easy. Just a Dream Demon Ancestor in its shrunken form, with its ability to surpass the speed of light and travel at such an unrestrained speed, it would be unstoppable. There would be no way they could restrain it. It could arrive at any critical spot on the battlefield immediately as it pleased.

“Get lost!”

The silver snake let out a roar and immediately crashed into the Black Prison Tower.

Hong! Long!

Black Prison Tower reeled backward as it was thrown off its track.

“It’s too fast.” Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master looked at one another.

After the silver snake crashed right into Black Prison Tower, it stopped, suspended in midair. The 12 universe masters who were hiding within the gigantic vessel flew over and landed on the neck of Dream Demon Ancestor. All their godly bodies were maintained at a size of around 10,000 kilometers.

“Humans!” Dream Demon Ancestor’s icy gaze swept the surroundings. “I have underestimated you all.”

“However, without any universe supreme master, the control rights of this fight lies with me! Now… I have decided that I shall deal with you all slowly, one after the other.” Dream Demon Ancestor’s gaze swept the humans and stopped at Peng Gong Master. “First on the list will be you!”

Hua!

Dream Demon Ancestor moved instantly. Its speed was so fast that it was terrifying.

Peng Gong Master, on the other hand, let out an angry growl. He was holding onto Yan Jun Rod, which suddenly expanded as large as a million kilometers. Then it mightily swept outward—all at once, time and space shattered to shards as Yan Jun Rod, and Dream Demon Ancestor’s tail crashed into one another. Dream Demon Ancestor was hit so hard that it was sent flying backward. Likewise, Peng Gong Master was forced to retreat a short distance.

“If this was Universe Ocean, do you think you would be my match?” Dream Demon Ancestor roared in rage “Full force attack!”

“Yes, Ancestor.”

“Yes.”

“Meet your doom, Peng Gong.”

“Meet your doom!”

The handful of demon universe masters on the neck of its godly body attacked at the same time. At that moment, be it a far-range spiritual weapon attack, an enlarged blade hacking from afar, a soul-enforced attack, or an illusion attack, everything was thrown over at the same time, targeting Peng Gong Master in the distance.

“Sinking into the Darkness!” Black Prison Tower flew over and once again, it unleashed endless black ripples and tried to exert its influence over the 12 universe masters.

“Suppress!” Luo Feng commanded in a low voice.

Golden Kingdom and Snow Sand Ocean exerted their influence to suppress at the same time.

“Breaking free from everything!” Dream Demon Ancestor roared.

Instantly, all its godly power surged. At that moment, the surrounding time and space trembled and eventually became contorted. Its strong godly power was trembling. Time and again, it was hit by impacts, yet it could still turn the tables on the incoming force from Golden Kingdom and Snow Sand Ocean and force its suppression over them instead. Even the black ripples from Black Tower Prison had all been completely suppressed by it.

The 12 universe masters were not the least bit affected.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

At the same time, all their attacks were directed at Peng Gong Master, who was trying his best to ward off the various hits with his Yan Jun Rod to no avail; his wits had been beaten out of him. After all, when the 12 universe masters joined forces without being under any influence, the strength they released was truly more terrifying than what a universe supreme master was capable of!

“Hahaha… You—you are the first to be annihilated!” Dream Demon Ancestor yelled as its speed soared at a terrifying rate. Right away, it charged toward Peng Gong Master.

It was Dream Demon Ancestor! And the 12 demon universe masters under its command were all joining forces!

Even if Peng Gong Master had Yan Jun rod… there was no escape from being sealed and suppressed!


Chapter 1270: Erupt

“Do you really think you can fight us without a universe supreme master?”

“Humans, you’re dead.”

“Laughable humans!”

Under the neck of the silver snake, the universe masters of the demon race were all making attacks with all their strength. They also transmitted their voices, roaring. They appeared confident. With the help of Dream Demon Ancestor and their maximum power, even supreme true treasures couldn’t stop them.

“Hu!” Dream Demon Ancestor spun her tail.

Hua!

The giant snake tail grew several million kilometers long, like a soft whip lashing through space, as if it divided space in half. As for Peng Gong Master, he could barely resist the attacks from the 12 universe masters from the demon race.

Peng!

Peng Gong Master rolled over. He bounced away, yet his speed surged to light speed! Even though Luo Feng all fought seemingly at light speed, they were still slightly slower than light speed. Yet Peng Gong Master reached light speed and was transferred into the dark universe.

Darkness Master smiled. “Come.”

“Let’s go,” said Luo Feng.

They both surpassed the speed and entered the dark universe.

“Dark universe?” Dream Demon Ancestor was already ten million kilometers long. The universe masters around it looked tiny. “It’s useless.”

“Demon Ancestor, we can’t give them any chance.”

“Kill.”

“Kill them.”

Dream Demon Ancestor stopped resisting the attraction from the dark universe. She left the original universe and entered the dark universe.

In the virtual universe, on the long stone desk of Huge Axe Godly Palace, sat all the universe masters. But the seat of Huge Axe was empty. Although the universe masters were fighting, they could communicate through the virtual universe and cooperate with each other!

“I’ve already felt the power of Dream Demon Ancestor,” said Peng Gong Master. “I know how powerful a universe supreme master is now! If I’m encircled by Dream Demon Ancestor and the 12 universe masters again, I won’t be able to resist it.”

Darkness Master frowned. “It’s difficult to fight universe supreme masters.”

Luo Feng nodded. “It’s indeed incredible!”

After all, universe supreme masters were at a different level. The original universe presented restrictions for them. One, they could only maintain 10,000 times the gene level of universe masters; two, the limit of attacks was top-tier level six; three, if they killed a universe master, they would be punished; four, the origin of the original universe wouldn’t back down, and their privilege to make their orders strictly enforced would be taken away. However, when it comes to assisting skills—like the 10,000 times life gene level and the flying technique at universe supreme master level—they wouldn’t be restricted, as they hadn’t reached level six, even though its speed was ten times or even 100 times light speed.

Like resisting the attraction from the dark universe, these were all just assisting skills. With them, universe supreme masters were very difficult to deal with. Other great beings would be transferred to the dark universe once they reached light speed, but universe supreme masters could remain in the original universe at ten times or even 100 times light speed. This was their power!

“It’s time,” said Darkness Master in a low voice. “I’ve been using Black Prison Tower and performed ‘Sinking into the Darkness.’ I haven’t used my real power yet.”

“We haven’t either!” Long Yan Master, Huang Jian Master, Void Gold Master, and Qing Dong Master all yelled.

“Me neither.” Luo Feng smiled. Just like Darkness Master, he only used his assisting skills.

Peng Gong Master smiled. So did all the universe masters.

It was true. The human race hadn’t utilized their power yet! The fight against the demon race might only be the first fight in the entire war. First, they needed to intimidate other powers. Second, they wanted to know more about the power of universe supreme masters through that fight so they could be more experienced! That was why they didn’t show their true power. However, they had already learned enough about universe supreme masters.

Peng Gong Master smirked. “Crush them.”

“Make them fear!”

“Make the demon race regret it!”

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

The 15 beings couldn’t hold back anymore.

Inside the dark universe, Peng Gong Master, Luo Feng, Black Prison Tower, and Boat of Mausoleum appeared one by one. Although they were far away from each other in the original universe, they were together in the dark universe. After all, the dark universe was tens of millions of times smaller than the original universe.

They were around 100 million kilometers away from each other, yet in the dark universe, Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master were less than ten kilometers from each other! It was like nothing to them!

Luo Feng waved his hand and put away Boat of Mausoleum. Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master, and Darkness Master stood side by side in the dark universe. They were all moving forward slowly, as they would be transferred back to the original universe if they stopped. There were light spots all around the space.

“They’re coming,” said Luo Feng.

“Humph! The demon race.” Peng Gong Master sneered.

Darkness Master looked aloof.

Hong!

The 12 universe masters and the giant snake also showed up in the space, and the 12 universe masters stood on the neck of the silver snake. They were all less than ten kilometers from Luo Feng. Its tail spun, and it could easily touch Luo Feng. The giant snake said, “You’ve been fighting in the original universe, so I thought you wouldn’t want to enter the dark universe.”

“Haha! Dream Demon Ancestor.” Luo Feng shook his wings and laughed. “In this dark universe, we can easily surpass light speed. There’s no limit, which means your advantage will be significantly curbed. Why wouldn’t we enter? Did you really think we would just stay there and be crushed by you?”

“Significantly curbed? How arrogant!” the silver snake roared. “Do you really think you can be as fast as me? You must know, you’ll still be defeated even in the dark universe!”

Hua!

The silver snake abruptly sped up.

“His acceleration speed is much faster than ours. No wonder he can move faster than light speed even in the original universe!” Luo Feng exclaimed.

“We’ve fully prepared!”

“Hit them hard!”

“Take them down!”

“Down with the demon race!”

The universe masters from the human race were all excited to see Dream Demon Ancestor and the others charging at them.

The giant snake body of Dream Demon Ancestor left a giant curve in the sky with her long snake tail. It slashed at Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master. The universe masters from the demon race standing on its neck were also attacking him. But Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master weren’t afraid. Instead, they were thrilled.

Hong!

Black Prison Tower appeared in front of Darkness Master, and under the godly power of Darkness Master, it kept spinning. Countless engravings appeared. Light flowed, and the engravings were changed into black light, concentrating at the tip of Black Prison Tower. The tower tip turned darker, then changed into nothing before it started to shine with white light!

The black pyramid was gleaming! It hit the body of Dream Demon Ancestor, and it bounced away.

“Kill!” Darkness Master shouted, and his team members appeared.

“Kill!” Luo Feng also yelled, and his team members appeared.

“Kill!” Peng Gong Master yelled.

Hong!

12 human universe masters dashed toward the demon race with Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master, and Darkness Master. Although Luo Feng had 12 members, some of them had brought multiple bodies, so there were 16 figures in total. As for the demon race, they needed to concentrate if they wanted to use the supreme techniques, so none of them had brought additional bodies, as they would have distracted them.

The human race was encircled and at an impasse, which was why many of them had brought multiple bodies.

Dream Demon Ancestor, who was hit and bounced away, was also hit by Yan Jun Rod! “Kill!”

Yan Jun Rod struck again as if slashing the dark universe!

Peng!

Although Dream Demon Ancestor tried to fight, it dove down, and the universe masters on its body all fell as well.

“Ice Seal!”

“Nightmare!”

“Extinction 10,000 Levels!”

“Dragon Go My Heart!”

The attacks were all quick. Just when the universe masters all fell off Dream Demon Ancestor’s body when it was hit by Black Prison Tower and Peng Gong Master’s Yan Jun Rod, the universe masters from the human race all started to perform the techniques they were most proud of.

Golden Country and Ice Sand Ocean were binding the demons— especially after having lost their protection from Dream Demon Ancestor. They had a hard time resisting the siege by the universe masters from the human race.

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng!”

Peng Gong Master and Darkness Master both looked to Luo Feng. “Demon race!” Luo Feng had his four wings opened, and his speed surged in the dark universe. Besides, they were fairly close to each other, and he had been the last one to make attacks after Darkness, Peng Gong, and the other 12 universe masters.

Luo Feng put his hands on Blood Shadow Blade.

“Blood Shadow Blade, this is the first time I have used you. Demon race…”

Hua!

The blade was drawn.


Chapter 1271: Blood Shadow Blade, Out!

The human race terrified Dream Demon Ancestor and the 12 universe masters! The humans were extremely powerful! Peng Gong Master, Darkness Master, all the other universe masters, and Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng! They made attacks one after another. Dream Demon Ancestor thought that Peng Gong Master and Darkness Master were the most difficult ones to deal with, and she expected Luo Feng to be incredible after receiving the inheritance. Yet she also thought that Luo Feng needed to train himself step by step even after receiving the inheritance. However, when she was diving and saw Luo Feng draw Blood Shadow Blade, she realized she couldn’t have been more wrong!

Darkness, Peng Gong, and Luo Feng! Out of the three, the most terrifying one wasn’t the first two, but Luo Feng! “Luo Feng!” Dream Demon Ancestor lashed her snake tail and neutralized the shock wave she had just endured. She tried to rush forward. However, Luo Feng’s blade was already drawn! This blade was the most important weapon of Duan Dong River inheritance, the embryo, and it could reach the maximum power with the inheritor. Even without using any godly power, the blade itself was already at top-tier fifth-level! Its power wasn’t known to Universe Ocean, and this was the first time it was utilized. “Nirvana Incarnation!” whispered Luo Feng. When the blade was drawn, it gleamed brighter and brighter. The light was only dimming when it was first pulled out, and when it hit the universe masters, traces of light concentrated and formed a giant black oval. The oval was like a miniature universe, covering the 12 universe masters from the demon race. ******

Inside the black oval, the 12 universe masters were trapped in the terrific light.

“No!”

“No!”

“Let’s stop—then we can go back to the original universe!” However, the blade moved too fast.

The universe masters who feared the blade had naïve thoughts in their heads. The blade’s light in the black oval immediately changed in a mystical way. It transformed into a streak of seemingly ordinary, thin light.

Hua!

The black oval cracked, and the light disappeared after shining for just an instant.

It was as if a thin blade had slashed the universe! The black oval turned hollow. All that was left was the dimming golden light, which left a visible trace in the space in the dark universe. It remained there for a long time.

“Ah!”

“No!”

The universe masters from the demon race roared in agony. They all looked furious and horrified, glaring at Luo Feng in the distance. They couldn’t believe what had just happened! The great beings outside couldn’t see it, but they were all trapped in the black oval, so they all knew how horrifying that was.

The blade first hit Forbidden Master, who was the most powerful, annihilating more than 20 percent of his godly body. And then it slashed the weaker Jiu Bug Master. His top-tier true treasure armor cracked, and he died instantly. It then touched Sky Wolf Master, and the others, one by one. One attack killed one universe master, severely injured three universe masters, and mildly injured the others.

“If he attacks us several times again, more than half of us will die.”

“Even the supreme true treasure godly rod from Peng Gong isn’t that powerful.”

“Too sharp. I can feel that blade slashing me, and the force penetrated my true treasure armor, taking 16 percent of my godly body. Unbelievable…”

“That blade light was too dense and sharp. Even the armor can’t dissipate it.”

They all felt terrified. Normally, a true treasure armor could distribute the shock wave to the entire body. However, the attack from Luo Feng concentrated all the power at the tip, and it was dense. The blade technique was created by Luo Feng, and using Blood Shadow Blade to perform it made it all the more forceful! “Original universe.”

“Go back to the original universe.”

“Quick!”

The universe masters from the demon race all stopped. “Do you really think you can run away?” Luo Feng stopped abruptly. Hu! Hu! Hu!

All of them disappeared.

Peng Gong Master, Darkness Master and the other masters all stopped. As for Dream Demon Ancestor, she immediately followed Luo Feng and stopped.

The team of the demon race and the team of the human race all showed up in the sky at the same time.

Weng!

Golden Country and the endless white sands were floating, spreading across the sky. Luo Feng was its master. “Go!”

“Demon Ancestor!”

“Demon Ancestor!”

The universe masters were all upset. If they hadn’t been affected, they would have been able to defend themselves against Luo Feng. However, they couldn’t defend themselves when being besieged by all the 16 universe masters within the human race, especially under the domain and being suddenly attacked.

One of the universe masters died, and all of them were injured either severely or mildly. They couldn’t fight Luo Feng anymore under the binding.

“Luo Feng!” Dream Demon Ancestor roared in the distance. Luo Feng took a look, and he slashed with Blood Shadow Blade again!

Dream Demon Ancestor was blasted away in the dark universe. Perhaps it wasn’t far from the universe masters from the demon race in the dark universe; in the original universe, it was tens of millions of times farther! Even with Dream Demon Ancestor’s speed, it took her a long while. However, Luo Feng was close to the universe masters of the demon race all the time.

Other universe masters of his team, like Darkness Master were also close to each other. Those universe masters had been attacking the demon race in the dark universe. Darkness Master was only controlling Black Prison Tower, and he was with Huang Jian Master and Qing Dong Master. Only Peng Gong Master was a bit farther as he fought Dream Demon Ancestor.

In Demon Ancestor Secret Region, a giant, sawtooth-shelled strange beast remained in space. Its body was still, as if it were sleeping. Space and time were twisted around him. “Huh? Dream Tea is calling for help?”

The sawtooth-shelled beast suddenly opened his eyes. His eyes were gleaming.

Hong!

He teleported to his god country, and through god country transportation, he headed toward the destination. ******

Luo Feng completely ignored Dream Demon Ancestor, who couldn’t touch him in short time. He waved his Blood Shadow Blade again! Hua!

It was breathtaking.

The blade of light shone, starting with a slight trace. It grew thicker, covering the sky and land, forming a giant, black miniature universe and covering all the universe masters completely. Then the black miniature universe cracked, and a thin yet shining golden light flashed. Thin space cracks appeared in the sky, and they cut the space fragments within them.

Luo Feng transmitted his voice. “Darkness, get them!” Darkness Master looked up to the sky. “I’ve been waiting for this moment!”

Hong!

When the dark miniature universe dissipated, the universe masters started to prepare for a fight—especially with the two top-tier fifth-level universe masters resisting it. They all survived the disaster. Though they were injured severely, they all survived the terrific blade attacks. However, before they could feel a sense of relief, a giant black pyramid showed up above them! “Get in!” Darkness Master controlled that floating Black Prison Tower. Hong! Hong! Hong!

The 16 godly bodies of the 12 universe masters started to encircle the universe masters from the demon race. They all panicked, as the swallowing power of the supreme true treasure was too strong. A pinnacle true treasure was already enough to swallow Yuan Ao Master, forcing him to self-destruct.

However, the supreme true treasure was doing the job. The universe masters from the demon race were already severely injured, and under the pressure from Golden Country and Snow Sand Ocean, many of them didn’t even have one-tenth of their power anymore. They only had 50 percent of their godly bodies left. More than three of them didn’t even have half their godly bodies left. “Get into the palace type true treasure.”

“Hide.”

“Resist.”

“Let’s go.”

Under the soul attacks and illusion attacks, universe masters from the demon race whose power was weakened completely panicked; they were trapped in illusions and couldn’t even break out of them. Sou! Sou!

Three of the 11 demon-race universe masters entered the palace type true treasure brought by Forbidden Master. However, not everyone could do the same thing under such chaos. Two universe masters were sucked into Black Prison Tower. “No!”

“Stop them.”

“Stop them!”

The universe masters who were stronger tried to stop it, but another blade of light shone at this time

“No!” roared some of the demon race’s universe masters. Dream Demon Ancestor, who saw this scene, was also furious. She yelled. They had come for the humans, seeking to catch some universe masters and to force them to give up the inheritance, yet one of their universe masters had died while two were caught before they could capture any human universe masters. “Human!” Dream Demon Ancestor cried.

“Sky Wolf Master, Mo Hu Master!” Luo Feng smiled as he whispered these two names. They were the two who had been sucked into Black Prison Tower.


Chapter 1272: Sixth-Tier As the Top

Within Black Prison Tower, amidst the quiet space that was filled with black haze, two figures were rapidly sucked in. One was a tumbling sky wolf, and the other was an Ink Scepter beast—a three-tailed beast that was covered in scales and had three horns on its head. One was Sky Wolf Master; the other was Ink Scepter Master. Both of them were truly ancestral figures among the demons, yet at that moment, both were imprisoned.

“Not good.” Sky Wolf Master blinked. Just a moment ago, it had awoken from its illusion to give a sudden shout of objection. Ink Scepter Master, who was by its side, was also frantic. “Sky Wolf, what should we do? We—we have been imprisoned in that supreme true treasure Black Prison Tower!” Ink Scepter Master was panicking. “Black Prison Tower…” Sky Wolf Master looked around anxiously. The space ripples in here were totally cut off from the outside world. Teleportation? God country transportation? No. There was no way they could escape.

“I… I don’t have any other bodies,” Sky Wolf Master said, on edge. Done! This was truly a nightmare. It was needless to mention that for a universe supreme master to be imprisoned in this supreme true treasure palace, there would be simply no chance for escape. If the two of them had other bodies, then there would be nothing much to fret over. Yet neither Sky Wolf Master nor Ink Scepter Master were highly ranked demon universe masters. Neither had any other bodies.

If they did, then their status would naturally have been different. Even if they were suppressed within a supreme true treasure palace, with other bodies elsewhere, they could have simply self-destructed right away! That way, even if they lost their precious true treasures in the process of self-destruction, at least they could have ensured their survival!

“Wait!” Sky Wolf Master shouted. “We will wait for our chance! Dream Demon Ancestor is still out there. We still have a chance. I believe that Shock Demon Ancestor will rush over soon. By that time, our Ancestors just have to snatch this Black Prison Tower away from the humans. Then we can get out of here.”

“Right, right.” Ink Scepter Master was at his wits’ end. There was only this way out now. “Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor will surely come to our rescue!”

“No!”

“Loathsome!”

Just as the demon universe masters were howling and Dream Demon Ancestor—who had rushed over at such a transcendent speed of flight—was roaring with rage, their enemy, the humans, were—on the contrary—exhilarated. Peng Gong Master, Darkness Master, Luo Feng, and a large group of universe masters were all smiles, and they were so happy that their heartfelt joy was second to none.

“The basic target has been achieved!” Peng Gong Master exclaimed excitedly when they were back within the virtual universe. “We have exterminated one universe master, caught two universe masters: Sky Wolf Master and Ink Scepter Master, who are mere nobodies among the demons, so they are unable to escape no matter how they try.”

“It takes such a long time for a rare occurrence of a universe master’s annihilation, yet today, the demons lost three to us in an instant. If news gets out, those minor groups whose powers do not match up to the demons will naturally be scared out of their wits. We are able to cause the demons to lose three universe masters before their most powerful great being, Dream Demon Ancestor, so when it comes to dealing with those minor groups, exterminating them in one swift move should be a piece of cake!”

“That’s right.”

“Our basic target has been achieved. Now, we can kill and capture as we please. The more we kill or capture, the more effectively it will work out for us.”

Luo Feng, Peng Gong, and Darkness were all very excited. The human race had Black Prison Tower and Yan Jun Rod. On top of these, they also had Luo Feng’s treasure! This enabled the entire race to have three sixth-tier universe masters. Even though they might lose out in terms of speed, in the overall battle—or at least when facing the demons one-to-one—they still had an edge over the demons. But Luo Feng and the rest were aware that the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River was destined to attract various powers.

The human race would have to face not only the demons but many other groups, which was why they were under extreme pressure. If Dream Demon Ancestor alone could be so scary, what if there were three such figures approaching them? Or five universe supreme masters? Most likely, one joint attack would sweep them away. Who knew? Maybe even Peng Gong Master would be sealed and suppressed.

Regardless of the final outcome of this war, Luo Feng thought silently, From the very beginning, we will give our best in fighting the demons… Not only is this the first battle, but it is the battle of deterrence. We must unleash our best to deter the other powers from attacking. We have to let them think that there is possible danger behind them.

If the humans seemed weak on the outside, the other groups would worry that the humans would be quickly defeated and would go under. Then it would be too late for them to reap any benefits, so they would all surge forward for the kill.

But if the humans appeared to be terrifying, those groups would, firstly, be unwilling to pay such a hefty price and, secondly, not be worried that the human race would be completely defeated by the demons, the automaton race, and the bug clan. Instinctively, they would just watch the show from the sidewalk. So long as the human race was given the chance for a breather… everything was possible! After all, as Luo Feng had explained to the other universe masters earlier on, this concerned all universe masters and universe supreme masters.

There was a possibility that at the critical moment, Darkness Master, Peng Gong Master, and Primal Chaos City Leader might just achieve a breakthrough. Once there was a breakthrough, the human race would have a greater chance.

“If I were to achieve a breakthrough from a universe master, the situation would be greatly different,” Luo Feng said silently to himself. “Now, only my original earthling body and golden horned beast body have extremely strong combat power. The moment I achieve a breakthrough from a universe master, Mosha body and Remote Ocean body will all possess the sixth-tiered combat power. By then, the situation for the human race will be greatly improved.” Sixth-tier was the top. In the original universe, it was the strongest combat power possible! Reaching the level of sixth-tier was difficult. It usually required a fifth-tier top universe master with a supreme true treasure to achieve this top level! The human race only had a total of three fifth-tier top universe masters (Darkness, Peng Gong, and Primal Chaos City Leader), so even if there were two to three more supreme true treasures for the other universe masters like Ice Mountain Master and Long Yan Master, they would not be able to unleash the power that a sixth-tier top universe master could. Luo Feng had been lacking in his law comprehension earlier on, so even though he had Star Tower, he could still only unleash an extremely small portion of its power.

Great being and true treasure had to come in a pair! This was the only way to achieve the sixth-tier combat power. Luo Feng was different, he had created “Nirvana Renaissance,” which was a secret technique at the level of a universe supreme master, so even without a supreme true treasure, he would still be able to unleash combat power that was at the level of a sixth-tier top universe master! *******

“Dream Demon Ancestor is charging this way.”

“That old fellow.”

The human race spotted Dream Demon Ancestor, who was charging toward them at an extremely crazy speed. “I will stop him,” Luo Feng said. “Peng Gong and Darkness, both of you can continue dealing with that group of demons universe masters. Try hard to apprehend a few more.”

“All right.”

“All right.”

Peng Gong and Darkness had seen Luo Feng’s ability earlier on. They had the utmost confidence in him.

Hua!

Behind Luo Feng, the four silver wings suddenly expanded. Then, mightily, as though they could cover half of the entire starlit sky, they brought Luo Feng up into midair where he was suspended with Blood Ghost Blade in his grip. His eyes were fixated on Dream Demon Ancestor, who was charging over at an extremely fast rate with murderous intention. At that moment, Dream Demon Ancestor was behaving like a lunatic, letting out piercing screams of rage: “Luo Feng!”

“Go!”

With a move of his mind—

Hong!

A gigantic Boat of Mausoleum appeared in midair and collided head-on with Dream Demon Ancestor, who was charging over at top speed and had no intention of slowing down at all. Because the Boat of Mausoleum had just been taken out, its internal engine was just starting to churn and retreated a little upon the impact of the collision. Right away, Luo Feng waved and retrieved the Boat of Mausoleum.

“Loathsome humans!” Dream Demon Ancestor was still crazily in pursuit after the collision. It was simply too furious. Hua!

Dream Demon Ancestor’s snakehead opened its mouth wide. Xiu!

A cyan-colored shadow flashed past the length of the sky and skimmed toward Luo Feng.

Hu!

In an instant, Luo Feng waved Blood Ghost Blade firmly in his grip, and a thin blade ray was formed. It grew in size, and eventually, a large, black miniature universe was formed over that cyan shadow. The miniature universe split open. Streams of blade rays appeared in thin flashes to disappear the next moment. The cyan shadow, on the other hand, flew as fast as it could back into Dream Demon Ancestor’s widely opened mouth.

The two merely exchanged blows once. Dream Demon Ancestor kept his eyes on Luo Feng.

“What an impressive blade technique. A supreme true treasure I suppose?” Dream Demon Ancestor was deep in thought, devising a way to deal with Luo Feng. It realized that Luo Feng’s blade ray had an extremely terrifying penetrating power! If the defining characteristic of Yan Jun Rod’s power could be described as “massive,” then Luo Feng’s blade’s defining characteristic could be described as “sharp.” It was indescribably sharp! The four wings at Luo Feng’s back spread out as he looked at Dream Demon Ancestor. Sixth tier was the top. It was, indeed, the limit as to how much power could be released within this original universe. “My execution of Nirvana Renaissance has started to vaguely feel some obstruction,” Luo Feng said discreetly to himself. “I had not expected this so-called limit of the sixth-tier to not exert its influence not only over universe supreme masters, but also over universe knights and universe masters.”

Prior to this, within the entire original universe, there was not a single sixth-tier universe master. Even if there was a supreme true treasure, it would be owned by a universe supreme master! At that moment, Luo Feng, Darkness and Peng Gong were all of the sixth-tier standard, and even so, they could still feel that layer of obstruction.

“Yes.”

“This imposed restriction is the suppression exerted by the willpower of the original universe over universe supreme masters, so that they were unable to achieve massive and mindless massacres,” Luo Feng whispered to himself. “But it was not so strong as to be able to make these universe supreme masters weaker than universe masters! This is why, even for universe masters, the greatest power they could unleash was only to the limit of the sixth tier as the top.” Previously, there were many rumors but no truths to back them up. Luo Feng, Darkness, and Peng Gong had all become “sixth-tier as the top” universe masters, so they could clearly detect it. No way there could be a breakthrough, because once they got near, the obstruction they felt was far too great.

“Theoretically, for a true universe master, the sixth tier is the limit,” Luo Feng said to himself. “This is the case in the original universe, which is, in fact, considered quite an achievement. But I… am different from them, which is why I am always at a loss.” Generations of reincarnation eras… Finally, there was a unique existence like Luo Feng, who had received the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River! Because he had Blood Ghost Blade! With Blood Ghost Blade, his power was elevated by one level! Extermination—created by three generations of ancestors. Once executed, his power would increase even more! So, if there was no obstruction, Luo Feng would now have really given his all, used Extermination, and unleashed a seventh-tier combat power (within the Universe Ocean, it was the power of an ordinary universe supreme master). If he was able to reach the level of a universe master, then he would be able to unleash an eighth-tier combat power!

What a pity that the original universe might be able to suppress the universe supreme masters. But they were unable to suppress them to the extent that they would lose out against universe masters. After all, within Universe Ocean, Dream Demon Ancestor’s combat power was close to the eighth-tier standard, whereas the maximum within the original universe was limited to sixth-tier combat power. “Human, you loathsome fellow!” Dream Demon Ancestor roared. “If this was Universe Ocean, do you think you would be my match?” With his hand grasping Blood Ghost Blade, Luo Feng gave a cold laugh and said, “That was what Virtual Real Devil God once said to Double-Face Ancestral God. What a pity, indeed, that this is the original universe we are in!”

Luo Feng and Dream Demon Ancestor had only just started to exchange blows when, far into the distance, where the demon universe masters were besieged, there was a sudden outburst of terrifying power. From within that palace supreme true treasure beside Prohibition Master, a beast with a serrated shell over its body was suddenly seen slowly crawling out of that palace true treasure. Right away, the demon universe masters shouted in excitement, “Shock Demon Ancestor!”


Chapter 1273: Retreat

The universe masters were all thrilled to see Shock Demon Ancestor show up.

“Demon Ancestor! Demon Ancestor!” They all shouted and tried to resist the attacks from the human race. They were in agony. One of them had died because of Luo Feng’s move, which drove them back to the original universe. Yet in the original universe, they were too far from Dream Demon Ancestor.

Hong!

Shock Demon Ancestor moved slowly and glanced at the humans, at the same time, its body started to show an enormous amount of godly power and formed small, strange beasts. These strange beasts roared and resisted the attacks from the humans. Tumbling waves showed up in the sky, which came from a pinnacle domain type true treasure “Mo Water River.” However, they were immediately shattered by Golden Country and Snow Sand Ocean.

“Huh?” Shock Demon Ancestor looked into the distance.

In the distance, a giant silver wing covered half of the sky, and its owner was that young human man. The young man glanced at Shock Demon Ancestor.

“Shock Demon Ancestor,” he said, “this is my place! If you don’t have a domain type supreme true treasure, don’t even bother!”

“Luo Feng!”

Shock Demon Ancestor stayed there while the universe masters who were severely injured fled into the palace type true treasures. They hadn’t dared to flee before, as they feared that the pinnacle palace type true treasure would be sucked into Black Prison Tower. However, Shock Demon Ancestor had now appeared, so they could simply enter the palace and recover first! After all, they had all prepared some precious valuables to cope with the dangers for this war, and they could recover their bodies in a short time.

“I thought you lost your wing, Luo Feng.” Shock Demon Ancestor gazed at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng smirked. “I got it back.”

“Naturally. A human who got the inheritance of Duan Dong River must be incredible.” Shock Demon Ancestor looked relaxed, yet he was observing the situation. Regardless of the circumstances, the universe masters had hidden themselves, while he and Dream Demon Ancestor were safe. But suddenly, Shock Demon Ancestor was shocked. “Supreme true treasure, Black Prison Tower? And the manipulator is Darkness Master? Darkness Master is a human?”

Darkness Master, Peng Gong Master, and Luo Feng—all of them had powers at top-tier level six, which was the maximum power in the original universe.

“I have my wing, so I’m in control of the domain. Are you disappointed?” Luo Feng stood in space, and his voice was transmitted throughout the domain. “Peng Gong, Darkness, let’s fight together and let that old guy Shock Horn know our power.”

“Haha, okay.”

“Kill!”

Peng Gong rushed forward while Darkness Master controlled Black Prison Tower, whose power surged and turned into gleaming white light, striking at Shock Demon Ancestor.

“Kill.”

“Kill that old demon ancestor.”

“Crush his shell.”

The 12 universe masters attacked at the same time.

Dream Demon Ancestor was infuriated after seeing Shock Demon Ancestor being attacked by humans so relentlessly. Although it was easy for Shock Demon Ancestor to resist the attacks, he could only wield power at top-tier level six, so he was actually being bullied.

“Damn humans!” Dream Demon Ancestor roared and sped up.

Shua!

She wanted to get around Luo Feng, and she was too fast for Luo Feng to stop her.

Peng!

The giant silver wing suddenly shook and turned into a huge blade of light, sweeping across space and time and turned into a black miniature universe, covering Dream Demon Ancestor. Suddenly, the black miniature universe exploded.

A giant silver snake burst easily out of the miniature universe.

“Do you think you can stop me without a supreme true treasure?” Dream Demon Ancestor glared coldly at Luo Feng, then turned into a phantom and rushed toward Shock Demon Ancestor.

“I don’t have enough godly power.” Luo Feng shook his head. “I was using the blade technique of a universe supreme master. Shi Wu Wing is slightly weaker, so I can only use the power at top-tier level five.”

Shua!

Luo Feng shook his wing and flew toward the two ancestors.

Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor gathered. The giant silver snake and the sawtooth-shelled strange beast remained in the area. They could defend themselves against all the attacks from the humans.

“Their defense power is too strong.”

“Dream Demon Ancestor has a supreme true treasure armor. As for that Shock Demon Ancestor, although he doesn’t have a supreme true treasure armor, he’s naturally good at defense, especially in the original universe. He can defend himself easily without any supreme true treasures.”

The humans immediately realized the problem. No matter how they hit the two ancestors, they couldn’t injure them. However, if they wanted to escape, they could certainly achieve that, given their speed.

Inside the virtual universe, in front of Huge Axe Godly Palace.

“What should we do?”

“Both of those demon ancestors are universe supreme masters, so we can’t do anything to them.”

“I think we should retreat. We’ve already achieved our goal of killing a universe master and catching two universe masters. They suffered a great loss, and when the news spreads, those inferior powers will be intimidated. The prison race, the crystal race, and the lone universe supreme masters won’t rush to attack us again.”

“Retreat?”

The universe masters sat beside the bench and voiced their opinions.

“Boat of Mausoleum,” said Luo Feng suddenly.

Everyone turned silent.

“Are you sure you want to use that, Luo Feng?” Peng Gong Master asked.

Peng Gong Master was hesitant. So was Darkness Master.

The other universe masters were confused, as they didn’t know what Luo Feng meant by saying “Boat of Mausoleum.” They all knew that Boat of Mausoleum was a ship without any weapons to attack the outside. Only after the enemies entered Boat of Mausoleum would they know that the attack techniques equipped. However, everyone in Universe Ocean knew how terrifying it was, so nobody would enter it.

“Luo Feng?” Ice Mountain Master asked.

“Luo Feng has a trump card,” said Darkness Master. “You’ll find out later, brother. Do you really think it’s time to perform it now, Luo Feng? Don’t you want to wait until next time?”

“I can perform it again next time,” said Luo Feng. “After all, the demon race will suffer a great loss. They won’t tell the automaton race or the bug race about this trump card. They will want others to suffer losses as well.”

“Okay.”

“Okay.”

Darkness Master and Peng Gong Master both nodded.

“What should we do?” asked Peng Gong Master. “The universe masters from the demon race are hiding in that pinnacle palace type true treasure.”

“We’ll lure them out,” said Luo Feng.

Darkness Master and Peng Gong Master exchanged eye contact.

“Listen,” said Darkness Master. “When we’re fighting…”

Just when the great beings had slight traces of their minds communicating with each other in the virtual universe, Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor started to make serious attacks after a short conversation.

“Go!”

Shock Demon Ancestor growled.

All of a sudden, a giant black cone showed up. It was the supreme true treasure of Shock Demon Ancestor! It looked like the tip of Shock Demon Ancestor! Normally, that cone was merged with the tip of the tail so that it could be used as armor for protection. Shock Demon Ancestor was skilled in close combat. Now, he used that cone as a spiritual force weapon for even quicker combat.

Ang!

Crush Domain Cone formed a storm made by crushed space fragments. It was extremely quick.

Crush Domain Cone hit Black Prison Tower.

Peng!

Black Prison Tower rolled back while Crush Domain Cone continued toward Peng Gong Master after neutralizing the shock wave.

Suddenly, Dream Demon Ancestor opened his mouth. “Damn human!”

Xiu!

A green phantom flew out and charged toward Peng Gong Master.

“Stop it.”

“Stop that Crush Domain Cone.”

The universe masters from the human race hit Crush Domain Cone at the same time. However, the cone and the green phantom still flew toward Peng Gong Master as if there were no resistance. Peng Gong Master bounced away regardless of his resistance.

“Annihilate!”

One green phantom and one black storm—they swept toward the 12 human universe masters and Darkness Master. Darkness Master drove Black Prison Tower and flew toward them.

Hong!

Black Prison Tower resisted the green phantom, but the black storm formed by Crush Domain Cone swept across the human universe masters.

“Stop them.”

“Farther.”

They were all trying to protect themselves. Fortunately, the 17 universe masters were all making attacks and resisted the power of the green phantom. Only Ice Mountain Master at the front was injured. The green phantom stopped. It was a green shuttle.

“Back!”

“Go!”

“Retreat!”

At the side of the black pyramid, the universe masters all flew into Black Prison Tower, as did Darkness Master.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

The black pyramid, Peng Gong Master, and Luo Feng started to flee like three streaks of light.


Chapter 1274: Loss of the Demon Race

Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor, who were the two supreme beings within the demon race, couldn’t just let the human go! They had lost three universe masters, which was a tremendous loss! Ever since the demon race arose, they hadn’t suffered from such a defeat—especially right in front of their faces.

“Do you really think you can run away?” Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor turned into phantoms at the same time and flew 100 times faster than light.

Dream Demon Ancestor became a silver snake and stopped the human. At that moment, universe masters showed up beside Shock Demon Ancestor. They were the nine universe masters who had been injured.

“Encircle the human!” Shock Demon Ancestor ordered.

“Yes!”

“Damn humans!”

Hou!

All the universe masters beside Shock Demon Ancestor started their attacks! Illusions, soul attacks, and spiritual force weapon attacks… Even Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master found it difficult to resist them. Even though three of the universe masters were gone, they were the weakest ones. Now, the demon universe masters cooperated and attacked, and it was horrifying.

Hong! Long! Long!

The space particles formed a black storm, and the tip was Crush Domain Cone.

Xiu!

The green phantom rushed forward.

“God damn it!” Dream Demon Ancestor turned into a phantom as well.

Hu!

An oval palace true treasure appeared above the humans. The crystal was floating and swallowing them.

The demon race had already tried everything. If any humans got careless, they would be sucked in and sealed!

“Haha! You can’t compare to us when it comes to seal type true treasures.” Darkness Master waved his hands, and a streak of black light appeared, flying toward the demon race. It got larger and larger and became an enormous black pyramid, while an abyss extended out from the bottom of the pyramid. Its substantial swallowing power hit the demon race.

“Be careful!” Shock Demon Ancestor transmitted his voice. “Don’t leave my protection area.”

“Yes.”

“Yes.”

“Sky Wolf and Mo Hu were sucked in because we were encircled.”

The demon universe masters weren’t scared at all. Even without Shock Demon Ancestor, they could resist the swallowing power as long as they cooperated, not to mention being protected by Shock Demon Ancestor.

Human universe masters appeared at the edge of the abyss at the bottom of Black Prison Tower.

“Demon race!”

“Die, demon race!” Ice Mountain Master, Long Yan Master, and the others rushed toward the abyss and attacked, including Darkness Master.

There were 13 of them, and there were 17 godly bodies. Nine godly bodies attacked the demon universe masters, and eight godly bodies attacked Shock Demon Ancestor.

“Humph!”

Shock Demon Ancestor’s godly power evaporated and turned into countless strange beasts, resisting the attacks. At the same time, he drove “Crush Domain Cone” to hit Black Prison Tower. Under the swallowing power of Black Prison Tower and the attacks from human universe masters, even he had difficulties.

Peng!

The black storm hit Black Prison Tower, causing Crush Domain Cone to roll in the particles. Black Prison Tower was blasted away too, and the human universe masters had to stop attacking.

Hong!

Hong!

Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master were holding Blood Shadow Blade and Yan Jun Rod as they fought Dream Demon Ancestor.

Luo Feng’s Blood Shadow Blade was incredibly sharp, while Yan Jun Rod was heavy. Even Dream Demon Ancestor, who used all his techniques, he was still suppressed.

Peng!

Luo Feng’s Blood Shadow Blade hit the tail of Dream Demon Ancestor again.

“Go!” Luo Feng waved his hands.

Boat of Mausoleum showed up in the sky, which raced toward Shock Demon Ancestor.

“Useless.” Shock Demon Ancestor led the nine universe masters and dodged that boat easily.

The disadvantage of Boat of Mausoleum was already well-known. Although it was unbreakable, it couldn’t attack!

Hong! Long! Long!

Black Prison Tower sank, and the 13 universe masters (totaling 17 godly bodies) started to make attacks as Black Prison Tower pressed down.

“Get away!” Shock Demon Ancestor controlled Crush Domain Cone and resisted it.

At that moment, a blast resounded.

Hua!

Shock Demon Ancestor didn’t even care about that. Instead, it dodged the boat. Boat of Mausoleum swept across the demon universe masters, and the universe masters being attacked by seven bodies were all sucked into Boat of Mausoleum!

Sou!

Boat of Mausoleum flew away.

Shock Demon Ancestor and the remaining three demon universe masters were all dazed, then infuriated.

“No!” Shock Demon Ancestor roared.

“Human, human, human!”

Forbidden Master, Blood Chisel Master, and Scorched Catfish Master were also furious.

Hu!

Shock Demon Ancestor drew the remaining three universe masters back to the pinnacle palace, and it sped up, rushing toward Boat of Mausoleum. Shock Demon Ancestor had fully lost his mind. He even forgot that he couldn’t break Boat of Mausoleum.

Dream Demon Ancestor realized what had happened. “No!”

“Human, human!” Dream Demon Ancestor cried and sped up, charging at Boat of Mausoleum.

Peng Gong Master, Luo Feng, and Darkness Master looked at each other and smiled.

“No! No! No!” Shock Demon Ancestor caught Boat of Mausoleum immediately. He drove Crush Domain Cone to hit Boat of Mausoleum, turning the space around him into particles. The shock even extended to the interlayers.

Shock Demon Ancestor and Crush Domain Cone kept hitting the boat.

“Break, break, break!”

Shock Demon Ancestor was furious and regretful. The mix of those two emotions made him attack Boat of Mausoleum again and again madly. Dream Demon Ancestor was also furiously hitting Boat of Mausoleum. However, neither of them could stop the boat.

Shock Demon Ancestor transmitted his voice to the three universe masters in the palace. “What happened? I only felt a mighty mind shock.”

In the palace, Forbidden Master and the other two were sitting on the plain, as they hadn’t recovered from what just happened. They heard the voice of Shock Demon Ancestor resound on the plain.

“We were attacked by the human universe masters. We put all our efforts and we didn’t have any other defense,” said Forbidden Master as he lowered his head. His eyes were gleaming with a furious golden light. “Boat of Mausoleum flew toward us, and suddenly, a terrific mind shock hit us! Blood Chisel Master, Scorches Catfish Master, and I had powerful minds, so we could stay conscious and resisted that swallowing power!”

“I also saw it.”

A strange beast with bloody scales on it said, “The gate of Boat of Mausoleum was open when it flew toward us, giving out an incomparably powerful mind shock. Besides, we were attacked by the human universe masters, and beneath that shock, even I could just barely stay conscious. As for the others, they instantly lost control and got sucked in.”

“Mind shock? Did the human race bring the black-striped stone pillar in?”

Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor stopped attacking, as they couldn’t do anything to Boat of Mausoleum.

“Damn it.” Dream Demon Ancestor couldn’t have been angrier. “We brought 12 universe masters this time. The most powerful two— Forbidden and Blood Chisel—resisted it. Scorched Catfish had a powerful mind. Five of the universe masters have multiple bodies, so they’ll self-destruct soon to save their lives.”

“We lost six universe masters this time! And lots of true treasures.”

Dream Demon Ancestor and Shocked Demon Ancestor were furious. There were 12 of them, one of whom was killed, and eight were captured! Fortunately, three of them could self-destruct and flee!

Hong! Long! Long!

Boat of Mausoleum flew into the distance, followed by Black Prison Tower.

“The humans are all hiding in Black Prison Tower.”

“What should we do?”

Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor couldn’t do anything about it. It would be a waste of time to hit Black Prison Tower! They could only see the gate open again while they didn’t dare to fly in. Black Prison Tower flew into the gate.


Chapter 1275: Luo Feng To End It All

Within the main hall of the Boat of Mausoleum.

“Hahaha…”

“Satisfaction! Such satisfaction!”

“The demons may not even have the chance to lament now, and to think they can take advantage of us when we are weak. They must be gritting their teeth out of abhorrence for us now, and they must be filled with unwillingness. Haha, the more they abhor us, the better it is, let them hate us all they want. Haha…”

In the main hall were Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master, Darkness Master, Long Yan Master, Ice Mountain Master, Qing Dong Master… All 15 universe masters were gathered, and all of them were incredibly exhilarated and excited!

“Look! Look at those two demon ancestors!” Remote Lord Master pointed outside.

There were no obstructions hindering their view from the internal walls of the hall inside or the cabin walls of the Boat of Mausoleum, so Luo Feng and his company of universe masters could easily look out at the starlit sky outside. From where they were, they could see far into the distance, where a gigantic silver snake and a beast with a serrated shell were entrenched in a spot amidst the starlit sky. Apparently, these two demon ancestors were looking over at the same time, and their eyes were filled with the flames of endless, burning rage.

Hatred! Anger!

“Haha…” Luo Feng and his group of humans, who were all higher-ups of the race, laughed even more heartily than before. This war was turning out to be better than expected!

“Luo Feng, how many did we catch? I vaguely saw that beside Shock Demon Ancestor, only three remained, and you have caught six of them… Are they still alive?” Qing Dong Master asked.

“Out of the six universe masters I caught, three had other bodies,” Luo Feng said with a smile. “The other three self-destructed right away after regaining consciousness. There are three remaining!”

“There are three with you,” Darkness Master said. “In my Black Prison Tower, there are two, adding on the one you killed! This time around, the demons lost a whopping total of six universe masters and also quite a sizable number of true treasures.”

“Six!”

“Tsk tsk. What pinnacle race has lost six universe masters in one go before? This is something that has no precedence.”

“Before Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor, we have caused them a loss of six universe masters… The other groups of powers who are a notch less capable will certainly not dare to make any rash moves now.”

This was a matter of course. Like the Thorn Ring Alliance, Nine Territories Alliance, and some other alliances, they probably only had a total of 20 to 30 universe masters! Even when all the powers of the higher-ups within the alliance were put together, they might not even be comparable to the demons. Merely two universe supreme masters from the demons would be powerful enough to wipe out the entire group of universe masters.

Even the demons had to lose six universe masters. What if the Thorn Ring Alliance were to fight the humans? In just one confrontation alone, would they not lose as many as 10 to 20 universe masters?

The other races were shaken by the news they heard and did not dare to intervene in this war. So a large batch of mediocre groups would not intervene recklessly; in fact, throughout the entire original universe, the total groups—including mediocre powers, scattered powers, and some others—was the majority of the original universe’s total! They might not be so powerful when they stood alone, but collectively, they did add to the overwhelming number.

“Luo Feng, how did you manage to do it?”

“What happened?”

“Yes, yes, Luo Feng! How could the Boat of Mausoleum catch hold of six universe masters at one go?”

Long Yan Master, Deserted Mirror Master, Void Gold Master and the rest were all filled with curiosity and questions.

“You all want to know?” Luo Feng’s gaze swept over every single one of the universe masters there. They all nodded.

Of course, they wanted to know. How vicious this method was, to catch hold of so many universe masters at one go! Of course, they wanted a glimpse of that effective method that Luo Feng had used, and since Luo Feng could tell Darkness Master and Peng Gong Master about his strategy earlier on… this must not have been some despicable, underhanded method.

“Don’t regret it,” Luo Feng said teasingly.

“What is there to regret?” Long Yan Master looked dubious.

“You all will know in a while.”

Darkness Master, Peng Gong Master, and Luo Feng looked at one another, then laughed.

With a wave, Luo Feng said, “Look carefully!”

Hong!

The doors of the main hall opened automatically, and a group of universe masters turned to look toward the door. A short moment later, a bout of incomparably strong willpower suddenly enshrouded the group. At that moment, some were forced to their knees with their bodies trembling—such as Remote Lord Master—while the majority of the other universe masters all wore terrible expressions. Only Ice Mountain Master and a few others were able to resist the impact. As quickly as it came, the willpower vanished into thin air, and these universe masters were able to recover completely.

“An impact of willpower?”

“Such a strong impact of willpower!”

“What treasure is this?”

The universe masters were still in shock, yet they could not help asking questions.

Darkness Master who was standing to the side, said, “For most of you, your willpower is not strong enough, so you are unable to get near that treasure at all.”

Luo Feng nodded. “That treasure is in another place along the corridor of the Boat of Mausoleum, a distance of tens of thousands of kilometers away from here. I have removed the protective cover over it just now, so you all felt the impact of its willpower. If that treasure were to be placed before you all, those whose willpower is able to meet the limit of a universe master would be fine. Others, I’m afraid, might not be able to shoulder the impact. The even weaker ones might lose consciousness.”

“It’s really that impressive?”

“Meeting the limit of a universe master in order to safely arrive before this treasure?”

Long Yan Master, Ice Mountain Master, Deserted Mirror Master, and all the others were aghast. The impact of this willpower was simply overbearing.

Luo Feng laughed. The impact of the willpower of that drop of godly blood might be spread out in all directions, but even so, one’s willpower had to meet the limit of a universe master’s willpower in order to stand safely before it! If one could restrain and restrict the entire impact of its willpower in one direction… it could sweep up all the great beings below the willpower of a universe supreme being. This was definitely an extremely terrifying weapon.

It was not easy to find a vessel that carried pure godly blood. True treasures like Shi Wu Wings and Star Tower could! And the Boat of Mausoleum could do the same. Furthermore, it could seal off the impact of willpower.

“I know, Luo Feng. Once the cabin doors of your Boat of Mausoleum open, there will be a sudden impact of willpower surging out for sure!” Remote Lord Master stood up and lamented with a sigh, “That group of universe masters is originally under our joint attack, be it illusionary or otherwise. For them to suddenly experience the impact of such strong willpower, I’m afraid those with weaker willpower will be knocked senseless, and even those with willpower meeting the limit of a universe master… because they are also under attack, they too will probably be affected. Only those whose willpower has met the level of a universe supreme master can be fully confident. With the supplementary help of a pinnacle palace true treasure’s suction power, there is really not much resistance they can put up. In a moment, they can be sucked in.”

“Yes, that is why only Prohibition Master, Blood Chisel Master, and Scorched Catfish Master managed to escape.” Luo Feng sighed.

When there was war, those destined to be caught were those who were weaker. The powerful ones were more difficult to apprehend.

After they relished in the moment of celebration, it was soon time to part.

“Let’s go back to the primal secret region.”

“You all go ahead,” Luo Feng said. “I will stay behind to control this Boat of Mausoleum and end this once and for all.”

“Mm.”

Everyone nodded, including Darkness Master.

At the same time—

Buzz!

Hazy black light rays appeared within the main hall, just like how Luo Feng could make use of god country transportation to get within Star Tower. This was the same concept; if Luo Feng, as the master of this Boat of Mausoleum, was not obstructed by anything, he could certainly make use of god country transportation. And this was the safest transportation ground. If he was somewhere outside, the two demon ancestors filled with endless rage would probably attack him.

Amidst the hazy black light rays, Darkness Master, Peng Gong Master, Long Yan Master, Void Gold Master, and the rest in the group all looked at Luo Feng. All were nodding or smiling! Faintly, on the other end of god country transportation, they could see that vast god country world.

Shua!

Then everyone disappeared.

In the virtual universe, at the apex of Thunder Island, Luo Feng went to meet his teacher.

“Great victory.” Primal Chaos City Leader closely followed the situation of the war and how it progressed. The moment he saw Luo Feng, his emotions ran high. “Well done. This turned out much better than we planned. This way, the situation the human race is in will improve.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded. “Teacher, shall I then follow our original plan and start negotiating with the demons?”

“Yes, go ahead.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “I hope the demons know when to back off. They better not let greed get the better of them!”

“All right.” Luo Feng nodded.

Inside the Boat of Mausoleum, Luo Feng sat on his throne in the main hall as he sighed with relief.

“First step. Not bad at all.” Luo Feng said to himself. “At least we humans are no longer in such a desperate situation.”

Initially, what he was most afraid of was that when the humans were defeated, other races who feared losing out because they were a bit slower would all rush over to attack them. Then almost all the groups in the entire original universe would be rampaging their way toward the humans… That would have been a truly desperate situation. The humans would have had to give up all of their territory and retreat fully into the primal universe. What would their future be like then?

Great beings would rise after they had gone through the grueling life and death honing processes. And if they became public enemies of the original universe, then all the powers in Universe Ocean would certainly lay siege on them! Then the human force would not be able to make any advances and would be stuck in an even worse predicament.

“They are all gone. It’s only me here.”

Luo Feng rose to his feet. Staying behind alone was because, firstly, with everyone else gone, there had to be someone left behind to control the Boat of Mausoleum; secondly, there had to be a final closing negotiation!

With one deliberate movement…

Hong!

The Boat of Mausoleum vanished into thin air while Luo Feng appeared amid the quiet, starlit sky.

Contrary to what the humans were feeling, the two demon ancestors —watching the Boat of Mausoleum from afar—were filled with rage, reluctance, and shame. They were going made. Their shame morphed into anger, with various feelings becoming entangled in a complex mix of emotions. This loss was unprecedented for the demons, and the two ancestors felt guilty in the eyes of the other demon universe masters.

“The impact of that willpower… just what treasure is that?” Dream Demon Ancestor said via voice transmission. “Within the universe, there may be some items that carry evil air or impact of willpower, but those impacts are usually very weak. Most are not even worthy of an undying level! Treasures that could impact those at the level of universe knights are even fewer in number. But that human race actually owned a treasure with willpower that can exert an impact strong enough to bring our universe masters to the verge of breaking point…!”

“Never heard of it,” Shock Demon Ancestor said in a low voice. “Maybe it is inside that Boat of Mausoleum. After all, that Boat of Mausoleum was left behind by Duan Dong River!”

“The loss by our clan this time around…” Dream Demon Ancestor’s eyes were filled with dissatisfaction.

“Loss? Of course, we must remedy our loss.” Shock Demon Ancestor stared hard at the Boat of Mausoleum in the distance.

Hua!

The Boat of Mausoleum vanished into thin air. In its place was a man of the human race who stood amid the starlit sky. With a pair of silver wings and a stone blade slung across his back, he walked over while saying, “Shock Demon Ancestor, Dream Demon Ancestor, do you want your five demon universe masters back alive?”


Chapter 1276: No Deal

Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor occupied the sky and gazed at the humans coming for them in the distance.

“Luo Feng!” Shock Demon Ancestor said in a low voice.

Dream Demon Ancestor kept glaring at Luo Feng as if she wanted to kill him. They both knew that Luo Feng had the power of a top-tier level-six universe master, and he could get into Boat of Mausoleum instantly. Even ten more universe supreme masters couldn’t kill him, and their original plan had been to capture a group of human universe masters to blackmail humans!

“Tell us. What conditions?” said Shock Demon Ancestor.

Luo Feng chuckled. “Simple. Exit this war now. I can give you a time limit. The universe masters and universe supreme masters of the demon race won’t be allowed in human territory. After one era, you can do whatever you want.”

This war would be quick. The first battle with the demon race had felt long, yet it had ended in no time, so Luo Feng speculated that it would take 100 years max. One era was long enough.

“If we agree, you’ll release the five universe masters?” asked Shock Demon Ancestor.

“Of course.” Luo Feng nodded.

Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor transmitted their voices.

Luo Feng smiled. “However, we’ll return them one era in the future.”

“One era in the future?” said Shock Demon Ancestor. “You’re not being sincere.”

“A promise means nothing.” Luo Feng shook his head and smirked. “Everything relies on promises, which can be insincere in the face of immediate benefits, so I can only return them one era later. As long as you don’t meddle in the next era, the five universe masters can go back safely, and we’ll return those true treasures as well.”

Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor kept transmitting their voices.

“What should we do?” asked Dream Demon Ancestor.

“Their deaths will be worth it,” answered Shock Demon Ancestor.

“Give up?” Dream Demon Ancestor understood.

Shock Demon Ancestor transmitted his voice. “We have more than 20 universe masters! Even if we lose six of them, ‘Forbidden’ and ‘Blood Chisel’—who have the best chance to become universe supreme masters—are still alive. Just let those six masters go! The chance to transcend incarnation is vital, and when it comes to power, even the combination of the two of us can top everyone else in the original universe. How can we let this chance slip away?”

“Okay.” Dream Demon Ancestor made up her mind.

They would just let the five universe masters die! They gave up!

Luo Feng stood in space. “Are you sure? If you keep fighting, the repercussions might be worse.”

Shock Demon Ancestor glanced at Luo Feng. “Their deaths will be a contribution to our entire race. Luo Feng, I’ll see how far you can go! Humph…! Teacher Origin is eternally suppressed while Huge Axe is dead. Even if you become a universe supreme master, this won’t end well for you.”

“I’ll make sure it doesn’t end well for you before me.” Luo Feng chuckled.

“Go!” Shock Demon Ancestor bellowed.

“I’ll avenge us!” Dream Demon Ancestor wailed.

Hong! Hong!

They accelerated and disappeared in the sky.

Luo Feng shook his head. “Those two old guys are ruthless. Five universe masters… However…”

Luo Feng looked solemn. Based on that negotiation, the demon race was determined. They clearly had strong motivations! He could extrapolate that the bug race, the automaton race, the prison race, and the others all had similarly powerful motivations.

Everyone craved the chance to transcend incarnation. No power would believe Luo Feng if he said he didn’t.

The Ancestral God School and the Space Beast Alliance are close to me, Luo Feng thought. However, when it comes to a chance to transcend incarnation, that relationship means nothing.

Personal relationships were nothing compared to the fate of an entire race.

Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest has always been kind to me, Luo Feng thought. Besides, his power is incredible and unpredictable… If he needs it, I can give some information to my teacher, and in return, he can assist my race.

Luo Feng was, after all, the one who had gotten the inheritance from Duan Dong River. He had the right to decide. However, he would only share the systematic ancient inheritance from undying fighters to universe supreme masters with his own race! This guideline would greatly increase the opportunity of great beings being born in the human race. As for Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest, he would give him the experiences of the universe supreme masters.

After all, for one thing, Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest helped him a great deal. For another, the earthlings had been created by Sitting Mountain Guest.

“I’ll get back first.”

Sou!

Boat of Mausoleum teleported and went back to the primal secret region through god country transportation.

Demon Ancestor Secret Region.

“Demon Ancestor, save us!”

“Demon Ancestor.”

“Please save us.”

Five demon universe masters were groveling and growling, asking the two demon ancestors for help. None of them wanted to die like this. This was only the original universe era, so they could live for at least two universe eras! They wouldn’t mind if they were killed in combat, but being sealed and killed would be devastating.

“You fell in the hands of the human race. There’s nothing we can do about it,” said the avatar of Shock Demon Ancestor. “They’ll definitely bring you to the primal universe and use the power there to kill you all. It’s not that we don’t want to save you, but we can’t do anything.”

“Demon Ancestor.”

“No.”

They were all in agony.

They weren’t afraid of their minds being controlled. After all, they were universe masters with great godly power and souls. Even though some universe masters had their minds controlled, that had been done by universe supreme masters, and no universe masters had ever been controlled by other universe masters. With Teacher Origin being suppressed and Huge Axe dead, no universe supreme masters would do that to them. The humans would only use the primal universe origin to kill them, and they could self-destruct before their minds were controlled!

Inside Chaos City.

“The demon race is so greedy that they don’t even care about five universe masters!” Primal Chaos City Leader ordered: “Spread the news of this war! Only the automaton race, the demon race, and the bug race know about the death of Huge Axe. As for the other powers, they have no idea what happened! We’ll let them know what will happen if they gang up against us humans.”

“Okay.”

“Spread the news.”

The humans were all furious about how greedy the demon race was!

“Spreading the news through the information network of the virtual universe… We’ll deal with these universe masters first.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked around at the universe masters. “I’ll use the primal universe origin to suppress them, and you can try controlling their minds.”

“Okay.”

“Okay.”

“Darkness, you’re great at this. You can try first.”

The human great beings were all belligerent. The greed displayed by the demon race made them realize that war would be unprecedentedly cruel, and the war was just beginning. This invisible pressure filled them with hostility.

To control the minds of demon universe masters? To kill the demon universe masters? Of course, they would love to do that.

Just when the human race was spreading the news on purpose, the bug race, the demon race, and the automaton race met.

In the silent sky, three minds gathered and became three blurry phantoms—one oval, one silver, and one beauty, respectively.

“What happened, Dream Tea?”

“What happened?” The oval phantom and the beautiful figure asked at the same time.

The silver snake said, “Even if I don’t tell you, you’ll know from the humans very soon. We demons took off just now, but we met the human universe masters.”

“You met the humans?’

“What happened?”

The others hadn’t been through any ultimate wars with the humans, so they didn’t know what trump card the human race had. The human race had Teacher Origin, who roamed Universe Ocean, and Luo Feng, who had received the inheritance from Duan Dong River, so none of them dared to look down upon the humans.

“We lost six universe masters,” said the silver snake.

“What?”

“Six?”

Both Father God and Bug Empress were shocked.

“Are the humans really that powerful?” asked Father God.

The silver snake said, “Yes, the humans are very powerful. If we act alone, any one of us will suffer.”

“How?” Both Father God and Bug Empress wanted to know what trump card the humans had.

“It’s because of that Luo Feng,” said the silver snake. “He had power at top-tier level six! We lost five universe masters, five of them were sealed, and one was killed by Luo Feng. His blade technique is incredible. Besides, the human race has two supreme true treasures, which might also be brought by the humans.”

Dream Demon Ancestor didn’t mention the “mind shock.” The automaton race and the bug race would be able to discover Luo Feng’s power and the two supreme true treasures once they joined the fight. However, that valuable exerting terrific mental force was what had cost the demon race a great deal this time. The demon race wanted the automaton race and the bug race to suffer from a great loss as well!

After the demon race, the automaton race, and the bug race began sharing information, the news of Huge Axe’s death was spread. At the same time, the news that Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor had led universe masters in an attack against the humans—but had ended up losing six universe masters—also spread.


Chapter 1277: Reactions

Prison race territory, Ancestral Mountain.

Great beings stood in the palace. Some were rock creatures with burning fire, and some were covered with hair while without mouths on their faces. Some were flesh and blood types, some were rock type, and some were metal type. This was, after all, the prison race, which was a very diverse race. However, all of them harbored evil intent—a trait shared by all the creatures from the prison race. Two universe masters opened their mouths. “Devil Ancestor!”

“Devil Ancestor, there’s a piece of news.”

An evil being sat in the throne. Under his silver helmet, a pair of red eyes looked down. “Tell me, Canthus Devil Ancestor.”

“Yes. I just got the new. The humans just fought the demon race, and Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor led a team of universe masters. The human race is also made of universe masters! The demon race lost six universe masters while the human race didn’t lose anything!”

“What?”

“Humans didn’t lose anything?”

The great beings were all shocked.

Devil Ancestor said slowly, “We can’t look down upon humans, can we? Even with Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor, the demon race still lost six universe masters.”

“Devil Ancestor, I have disciples on Bauhinia Island who overheard conversations among humans. They said that Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng killed a universe master with one attack and was able to resist Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor.” Discussions rose up within the palace.

“Luo Feng is really that powerful?”

“He got the inheritance from Duan Dong River, after all.” The prison race’s Devil Ancestor muttered, “Luo Feng? Perhaps Teacher Origin left some valuables and Luo Feng inherited some from him.”

Suddenly, a powerful force permeated the palace that made everyone silent. Everyone turned around and looked toward the outside, including Devil Ancestor.

Hong!

A powerful force so wicked that it terrified the universe masters turned into a streak of light and arrived at the palace. It was a huge black throne, and at the top of the chair’s back were 18 golden heads of other races. When the black throne landed in the palace, it immediately turned into a great being with black skin wearing simple armor. It extended its arms, legs, and feet. Its head was a skull with a crest on its forehead like a scimitar. Two balls of fire burned in its eyes. It stood at the middle of the palace, and its evil force was even stronger than Devil Ancestor.

“Prison King!” the universe masters yelled with respect. Devil Ancestor looked down and said, “Prison King.”

“Devil Ancestor,” the evil being said and bowed down a little bit. Prison King had a special status in the prison race. When the original universe had been first formed, countless life forms had been born in the wicked region known as “Prison.” However, a black throne had been born in Ancestral Mountain, and it emanated endless evil energy.

The creatures of the prison race were weak, so they all thought only a universe supreme master was qualified to sit on the throne. Little did they suspect that the black throne was a living being. And after it became undying, it could change its shape! What was odd was that the black throne had the natural characteristics of a true treasure, as it could form an illusion and a true treasure domain! It became a universe master in no time, eventually becoming the most powerful creature in the prison race. However, it couldn’t improve itself further. Great beings from the prison race were born one after another— such as Devil Ancestor, who became the old ancestor of the entire prison race! However, Devil Ancestor still respected Prison King. Prison King had power at the top-tier fifth level. It was invincible, and it had the characteristics of a true treasure. It was so complex that it had become a universe master without any obstacles, yet it couldn’t break through any further.

“Have you also heard the news, Prison King?” asked Devil Ancestor. “Yes.” Prison King nodded. “This is the greatest chance our race may ever have. Besides, the Duan Dong River inheritance is a powerful inheritance from an ancient civilization, so it definitely has lots of detailed information. I want to learn more about myself from that inheritance so I can discover how I am supposed to move forward.”

“Okay.” Devil Ancestor nodded.

“Just tell me what I need to do,” Prison King said with a bow. “Okay,” said Devil Master. “You’ll lead a team and go to the human territory. I bet the demon race, the bug race, and the automaton race will form an alliance! It’s hard to say whether the humans can resist them. You shall go and watch the fight, and if the humans can’t resist them, tell me immediately, and I’ll lead a team there.”

“Sure.” Prison King nodded.

It rarely left the prison race’s territory because of its characteristics. Perhaps the three Lands of Extremis could threaten its life, but it was completely safe for him to stay in the original universe. ******

Inside the godly palace of the crystal race territory… The palace was round, and there were glistening thrones in the palace. There were 16 thrones in total.

The crystal race’s great beings all sat in the thrones. They all had perfect faces, no matter whether they were male or female! They looked like beings made of the essence of the universe, and they had golden eyes between their eyebrows. All of them were powerful, and they were the most royal beings of the crystal race. There were 15 universe masters and 1 universe supreme master. “What do you think about these two pieces of news?”

“Holy Master, this is the opportunity our race has been looking for. The humans were able to resist the demon race and took out six universe masters… Clearly, the benefits from the Duan Dong River inheritance were enormous. We need that inheritance!”

“Let’s go!”

“Fight them! After the demon race, automaton race, and bug race annihilate most of the humans’ power, we’ll join.”

“This is our best chance.”

The universe masters of the crystal race were all voicing their opinions. All of them wanted the inheritance. “Okay. If all of you think this way, we’ll start preparing for our glory and future! We’ll watch the battle between the three races and the human race, and we’ll join at any time suitable!” Holy Master gave the order.

“Yes!”

All the universe masters were excited.

All the superpowers in the original universe wanted to fight the humans. For one thing, the humans had acquired the inheritance of Duan Dong River, so if they let them grow, they would be a great threat. For another, all the races wanted to transcend incarnations, so they would force the humans to give out the inheritance. Also, they were afraid that the humans became more powerful, as they had miniature universes as their backup bases. Besides, even if the human race had the power of Purple Moon Holy Land and Eastern Emperor Holy Land, all the powers would attack the human race. Which meant the superpowers didn’t have anything to worry about. They would just fight the humans!

However, there was an argument among the seniors in Nine Territory Alliance.

“This is an opportunity!”

“Our alliance doesn’t have a universe supreme master!” Flame Emperor roared. “If we get the inheritance of Duan Dong River, we’ll have better chance to become universe supreme masters and even transcend incarnations. Are you really willing to just die after three universe eras? The only end will be death if we don’t fight!”

“Flame Emperor!” said Jue Feng Master. “Though you’re my friend, I’m not going to side with you this time. I can’t just watch my race go extinct! I am aware of your grudges against the humans, we all know that. However, it’s no reason to put the entire Nine Territory Alliance at risk… You know the power of the human race. Even with Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor, six universe masters were killed. If we go there, the human race might attack us, and only a few of us will be left alive. We don’t have the power to do that!”

“Why are you such a chicken, Jue Feng Master?” said Flame Emperor angrily. “If you’re such a coward, you won’t be able to accomplish anything. Besides, the humans will be attacked by multiple powers, and they’ll have a hard time dealing with that.” ******

Misty Peak Alliance was also a second-tier alliance. It had 19 universe masters in total, but they had, for the most part, reached a consensus.

“It’s useless to go to the human race when it’s thriving! The human race is going through a hard time now. If we go and offer our help, the human race will be grateful… Even if they don’t give us the core inheritance, once someone from the human race transcends incarnation and creates a third holy land, he’ll give us some space to live.”

“If we follow the other powers to attack humans, we won’t be able to get the inheritance. Even if the humans give out the inheritance, we won’t get it.”

“That’s right.”

“If we follow the other powers, we can’t get the inheritance even if we win. We might just follow humans!”

The superpowers in the original universe all wanted to fight the humans for the inheritance, but the inferior powers had second thoughts after the battle between humans and demon race. Some of them wanted to wait and see, and some wanted to join the humans.


Chapter 1278: Peace Before the War

In the territory of automaton race.

“Originally, we planned for the three races to join hands and capture the troop of human universe masters in one swift move. Then we will use them to force the human race to… but now, it seems like with the power of the three races combined, even if eventually we may achieve our goal, we will suffer great losses while trying to achieve what we planned. Seems like we have to depend on those vassal races.”

“Humph! Vassal races! Those vassal races will never put their lives on the line if there is nothing for them to gain. It is simply impossible.”

“No choice… The vassal races certainly do not match us in strength. By giving them some incentives now, in the future, we will be able to keep them within our realm of control. If the inheritance is further scattered into smaller portions… other groups of powers like the prison clan, the crystal clan, and the space beasts will all surge forward for a part of it. Then our race will not have much to gain.”

“Mm.”

The prison clan, the automaton race, and the bug clan were all vassal races—just like the humans, who also formed a vassal race. Thus, they established the Hong Alliance!

In fact, before the war started, the four pinnacle races did not have any vassal groups. Because when deploying a vassal race to war, the universe masters within the vassal race would be the ones taking the field. And these universe masters were no fools. They would not allow themselves to become ashes and dust willingly. Without anything to gain, there was no way they would pledge themselves to death.

The demons and the three races were all convinced that once they got hold of the inheritance, there would be no need to share any of it with the vassal races. Yet this war… The results of this war had instilled fear in them all, which caused them to start trying their best to rope in other groups of powers.

“Dream Demon Ancestor, Shock Demon Ancestor. News of the outcome of the war has spread. It is said that the humans were extremely powerful… We universe masters from the vassal races— perhaps only one to two, or two to three of us from each race— regardless of who will face annihilation, it will be a disaster for our race. We have to exercise prudence. Therefore, we have four conditions.”

“Speak,” Shock Demon Ancestor said.

“One, if we are to go to war with you, you must let us stay and fight together, you cannot split us apart. Two, if any of us are annihilated, the demons must treat the respective race with kindness. No shrinking of territory allowed. The territory of his race must not be compromised, and great beings from external races cannot interfere with the development of our any of our races. Three, after the war, if the demons do manage to gain that inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, we do not ask for much. We only need information on the experiences of great beings on how they cultivated to become universe supreme masters. Four, if the demons were able to create a holy land universe, you must leave 10 percent of the space for us vassal races.”

Obviously, the vassal races already had a round of discussions. It was apparent through the conditions they listed that they had conducted thorough discussions and did not dare to ask for too much. Like the experiences within the inheritance, they merely required experiences on how great beings cultivated to become universe supreme masters, because to them, so long as they had a universe supreme master emerging from their very own race, their race would have a true foundation!

Shock Demon Ancestor considered for a mere moment and promised right away, “All right! You have my word.”

The demons, the bug clan, and the automaton race started a series of discussions with vassal races, using conditions to rope them in. They needed the universe masters of these vassal races to participate and help them pull through this terrifying and impending war!

The human territory was a very normal planet, but life on that planet was immeasurably prosperous, and it was the home of hundreds of millions of humans. Technology was very advanced, and skyscrapers were so high they seemed to shoot up into the sky. On the sky deck of one of these skyscrapers… Hua!

A blurry figure gradually condensed to take a solid form. There he stood, cloaked in an elegant, long, purple robe, with a head of long, silver hair. His appearance seemed gender-neuter, and his beauty was second to none. He had eyes that sparkled like stars, and every star’s light was like the universe revolving. With a single wave, three figures suddenly appeared behind him: a rock life form that seemed as sturdy as a mountain, an adorable beast with yellow fur, and a being that was glimmered as though glistening water had converged to give form to it. “Island Leader!” these three great beings shouted at the same time. “Choose one spot, then stay there for the time being.” This purple-robed figure looked afar as his gaze penetrated through the atmosphere, through layers of time and space, to rest on an immeasurably vast piece of land suspended amidst the starlit sky: the headquarters of the Virtual Universe.

“After seeing the demons’ loss this time around, the demons, the bug clan, and the automaton race will surely put in their utmost effort without daring to slack off… However, deep within their hearts, I’m afraid all those good friends of mine are all unwilling to be kept out of the limelight. I suppose the majority of them have already made their way into the human territory. Huge Axe is dead. Now, the human race’s greatest foundation is—the original universe!” The purple-robed figure laughed lightly and continued, “Getting from the primal universe to the original universe, one must depend on the universe passageway! This universe passageway was built when Teacher Origin was still around. Now that Teacher Origin has been eternally suppressed, no one is able to build another universe passageway, which is why this passageway that connects the primal universe and the original universe is extremely important. If this passageway is destroyed, for the human race to get from the original universe back to the primal universe, they would have to depend on the universe masters as their means of transportation. From what I know, there are two passageways between the original universe and the primal universe. One is within the headquarters of the virtual universe, and the other is in the primal secret region.”

“According to the degree of defense,” whispered the purple-robed figure, “the first major war will be in the headquarters of the virtual universe. The second major war—which will be the final war—will be in that primal secret region.”

Within the entire primal universe, the combined forces of the nine top powers of the universe were not necessarily much stronger than the group of universe supreme masters who traveled alone. And before the imminent storm, this group of loners certainly had plans of their own. Apparently, the shocking results of the first war the humans fought had prompted them to put more thorough thoughts into their course of actions.

Within the primal secret region, in the human territory, Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master were enjoying their wine while seated in a circle.

“The demons, the bug clan, and the automaton race are not making any moves for now!” Darkness Master suddenly put down his wine glass and said in a low voice, “Previously, when war was just declared, the three races participated. We have gone through a round with the demons… Who would have expected all three races to retreat? Besides, it has been half a month since their retreat, and there is still no movement from anyone.”

Peng Gong Master shook his head and laughed. “After the outcome of our first war, the three other clans must have felt the pressure…! Once news of this preparation spreads, all the other races will know. Even if that’s the case, the bug clan, the demon clan, and the automaton race will surely have no need to vie for time.” Luo Feng nodded. “True. Previously, the war was a fast one. The three races wanted to crush us easily, expecting to achieve success in one swift move. Now, they do not dare hold such hopes, so naturally, they will be steadier in their advances. No one is willing to present the chance of winning to the other party.”

“That’s right, the other races!” Darkness Master frowned. “But it is not just the other races. There are also those universe supreme masters who traveled alone.” Luo Feng put his wine glass down too. “Teacher Origin told us that, based on what he has observed… within our human race’s territory, there should now be a few universe supreme masters. It is just that they are not making any moves, so he has guessed that these must be universe supreme masters who traveled alone.”

“Universe supreme masters who traveled alone!” Peng Gong Master and Darkness Master were both frowning. What terrifying existences! Monitoring the virtual universe and being able to force other races to retreat—only universe supreme masters were capable of these things. Since he was able to monitor certain information so easily in the past, Teacher Origin usually could not be bothered to monitor anything. But at that moment, the situation concerned the fate of his human race. Of course he would be keeping a close watch, just so he could keep abreast of the moves made by various groups and powers in the entire primal universe. “Fortunately, the outcome of the previous war was encouraging for us, turning the tables for the situation of our race,” Luo Feng said softly. “Now that we are in a much better position, we have several other powers wanting to join our force.”

“Yes.” Peng Gong Master smiled too. “Misty Peak Alliance and the Thorn Ring Alliance are the two stronger powers. There are a few other groups that are weaker… various scattered races. All of them dared step forward to seek refuge with us; at the very least, these races do have universe masters. Now, the total number of universe masters who have come to join our force has reached 92!”

“The situation is looking up for us.” Darkness Master nodded, too. Before the first war, even for the vassal races of the Hong Alliance, those universe masters were extremely sly and would never give up their lives easily for the humans. They were worried that the humans had no power of resistance, and so, even if they were to charge forward with all they had, they would still be sending themselves to their doom! This was why, before the first war, humans did not even consider enlisting the help of the universe masters of the vassal races.

But now, the situation was different. The outcome of the first war had set their minds at ease. The vassal races of the Hong Alliance were willing to put in the effort to fight for the humans upon seeing that the humans did wield enough power to put up a fight! In addition to Hong Alliance, there was now a total of 92 universe masters joining the human camp.

“Although we are still weak compared to the incoming United Forces, we do still have a shot with the power we have!” Luo Feng said solemnly. “Based on speculations, all five—including the demons, the automaton race, the bug clan, the prison clan, and the crystal clan— will be attacking us. For this current war, the most important task at hand will be to rope in the Northern Territory Alliance, the Ancestral God School, the Space Beast Alliance, and the supreme masters who travel alone. Out of these groups, if we could get any of them to take our side, our chances of victory will increase by leaps and bounds!”

“The Northern Territory Alliance Master is a supreme master who travels alone,” said Darkness Master. He thought to himself for a moment. “Without his help, I think the Northern Territory Alliance will probably lack the clout to participate in the war. So the Northern Territory Alliance Master is the key. The Ancestral God School and the Space Beast Alliance… Their attitudes toward the situation are hard to fathom. These two powers are always considered to be more detached.”

“Detached? When faced with the temptation of transcending a reincarnation era, how could they remain detached?” Peng Gong Master said with scorn. “The Ancestral God School may seem impressive now because it has the support of the universe origin. But once this reincarnation era comes to an end… all of them must leave the primal universe! By then, without the support of the primal universe, the power of the Ancestral God School will be greatly reduced. Then won’t the group of universe masters of the Ancestral God School and those three ancestral gods be required to consider the matter of transcending reincarnation? As for the Space Beast Alliance, that old beast god is always so vicious! You must be careful and not let your guard down. If there is anyone who is sincerely willing to help us, then there should be some attempt to contact us, but there is nothing at all.”

Luo Feng also had to frown. True. By relying on the first battle, they could encourage some of the less powerful groups of powers and some scattered races to take a gamble and side with the human camp. After all, when it came to the true super groups, not one of them was willing to help the humans—not even one universe supreme master was willing to come to the humans’ aid. The humans were still in a grave situation.

While Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master were in mid-discussion, Luo Feng suddenly flipped his hand, and a transmission token appeared.

“Mm?”

Darkness Master and Peng Gong Master looked toward Luo Feng. “Ah.” Luo Feng revealed a trace of joy as he lifted his head to look at Darkness Master and Peng Gong Master. “Darkness, Peng Gong, I have something to settle. If this is settled well, it will be of great help in this battle. If there are urgent matters, find me directly through the virtual universe.”

“All right, go ahead,” Darkness Master said. “Great help? Hurry up and go!” Peng Gong Master rushed him along. Luo Feng rose to his feet without further ado. His heart was filled with joy. After Huge Axe was annihilated, he had contacted Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest right away. Now, Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest was finally coming to the human territory to meet him.


Chapter 1279 Limit of Universe Supreme Masters

Human territory, Earth.

Luo Feng arrived at Earth through god country transportation. Although Sitting Mountain Guest arrived at the human territory, he didn’t go to the primal secret region. After all, it was heavily guarded, and there was a large group of universe masters… Even Sitting Mountain Guest couldn’t get in without being noticed. Luo Feng arrived at his palace in Yangzhou City. His palace only had a few guards. As for the Luos, they were in the primal universe already.

“Teacher?” Luo Feng turned his head around and looked to the northeast. He could feel the force emanating from that direction. Although there were guards, they couldn’t see Luo Feng walking past them. Nor did they notice his presence. After a short while, he entered a giant garden where the Luos appreciated beautiful scenery. There were all kinds of plants of different colors and shapes. They were all breathtaking. There was also a variety of animals, and Sitting Mountain Guest stood, playing with a blue-feathered bird.

“Teacher!” shouted Luo Feng.

“This garden looks nice,” Sitting Mountain Guest said, playing with the bird. “You clearly invited a master to design this. It’s indeed different to have power; you don’t even need to give an order, and countless talented creatures will serve you. However, I’m a loner without any power… It seems I need to find a group in order to be an alliance master.”

Luo Feng smiled. “If you join the Hong Alliance…”

“Then what? I’ll be the leader of the Hong Alliance?” Sitting Mountain Guest looked to Luo Feng. “Do the humans want me to be their leader?”

Luo Feng smiled awkwardly. It was impossible. The human race was a pinnacle race, and no pinnacle races would recognize a supreme master from another race as their leader. The pride ingrained in humans forbade them from doing that! They could regard Sitting Mountain Guest at the most senior being, but they wouldn’t give Sitting Mountain Guest very much power.

“Even if you did give that position to me, I wouldn’t do that.” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “The human race is in danger now, and countless powers want to fight you. I’m not stupid enough to enter Hong Alliance now.”

“Teacher,” said Luo Feng. “You’re right. The human race is indeed in danger, and it needs lots of help. Can Teacher join our team?” Sitting Mountain Guest sat down in a green chair and said, “Luo Feng, I’ve told you before that you’re on your own on the path to becoming a great being, so I can’t help you much. The time you were trapped in the ninth abyss was an exception, as I didn’t know how long you would be trapped there. As for the human race, it has nothing to do with me. I couldn’t care less about the humans. With your power, you’re 100 percent safe in the original universe now— not to mention, you have Star Tower and Boat of Mausoleum. I don’t see any reason I should meddle.”

Luo Feng was dazed. It was a firm no. Luo Feng had thought there was at least some hope. “Teacher…” he said. “Stop asking,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “I won’t join the humans. Say no more. I came here…” He looked at Luo Feng. “Because last time you sent a message to me, you mentioned that you acquired a drop of blood from a great being of an ancient civilization. The godly blood has enormous mental force, and you want me to make a true treasure using that?”

Luo Feng nodded. “Yes, that drop of godly blood can spread its mental force in all directions. However, I want to concentrate it in a single direction, which will make its shock much more powerful! Can you achieve that, Teacher?”

“I’ve promised you that every time you kill a universe master, I’ll make a true treasure for you.” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. “I heard that you killed Demon Universe Master, so I’m here.”

Luo Feng had mixed feelings. Wow…! he thought. His teacher was so fixated on the promise. It seemed that his teacher had been back in the original universe for a long time, but he only came after he knew his disciple had killed a universe master. “Give me the godly blood first,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Okay, but we should enter space interlayers first,” said Luo Feng. “This ‘mind shock’ is too powerful, and I don’t want to harm the earthlings.”

That drop of godly blood might annihilate all the humans on Earth. After all, the mental force could put universe masters in agony, let alone ordinary humans.

“Okay.” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his body, and a space crack showed up.

Both Sitting Mountain Guest and Luo Feng entered the crack. ******

Inside the space interlayers were countless space fragments. There, Luo Feng and Sitting Mountain Guest appeared. “Please take a look, Teacher,” said Luo Feng. He turned his hands, and Boat of Mausoleum showed up. It grew bigger and turned into a boat 10 meters long. The drop of blood emerged from Boat of Mausoleum and showed up on the top of the boat. It was surrounded by a black halo.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

The “mind shock” spread, striking Luo Feng and Sitting Mountain Guest. However, even Luo Feng could withstand it—let alone Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Godly blood?” Sitting Mountain Guest nodded. “I rarely see this kind of strange object. How did you get it?”

“By luck,” said Luo Feng.

“You need power, too,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Otherwise, if you don’t have strong enough willpower, you couldn’t even be near it. Besides, ordinary valuables couldn’t hold that drop of godly power, and ordinary godly power can’t be near it.” He smiled. “Lots of great beings wouldn’t be able to even extract that godly blood.” Luo Feng was amazed that Sitting Mountain Guest could already tell so much before even studying it.

“Do you have a plan, Teacher?” asked Luo Feng. “You want to make a true treasure out of this drop of godly blood and concentrate the mind shock, don’t you?” Sitting Mountain Guest nodded. “If I consume enough material and spend enough time, I can make a supreme true treasure out of it. However, it’ll take a long time, and chances are, I’ll fail.”

“A supreme true treasure?” said Luo Feng. “I only need a true treasure for its ‘mind shock’ ability.”

“Okay,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “For you humans, I suppose a strange valuable that can attack all great beings with minds inferior to universe supreme masters is more useful than a supreme true treasure. The core of this true treasure is godly blood! All I need to do is concentrate that mind, so it’s much easier than making pinnacle true treasures. It’s not difficult to make them. It’ll only take three days to make it. As for the material? It’s not precious. I have a lot, so I’ll use what I have.”

Luo Feng was exhilarated and said, “Teacher, I have two drops of godly blood. Can you make two…?”

“Two drops?” Sitting Mountain Guest was amazed. Luo Feng smirked. Ever since acquiring the white wing, he had used his contribution points to exchange for lots of precious materials for the white wing to swallow! Some of the damage to it had been healed, and a puddle of blood had been repelled, forming a drop of godly blood.

He had two drops of godly blood in total now. While he had been fighting the demon race, there had been one drop in Boat of Mausoleum and another drop in Star Tower. “Don’t count on it.” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “I told you that for every universe master you kill, I can make you a true treasure. This is your first time, and the materials are not expensive, so I’ll use my own. However, you’ll need to kill another universe master if you want me to make the second one.”

“Teacher,” said Luo Feng. “I killed a universe master during the fight, and I used Boat of Mausoleum to capture three! Those three are dead now, so I can say I killed them.”

“Dead? Were they killed in the primal universe?” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “That doesn’t count. You used the primal universe origin to kill them, not your own power.” Luo Feng was rendered speechless.

“Okay,” decided Sitting Mountain Guest. “I’ll only make one true treasure for you. Say no more. Otherwise, I won’t even make this one.”

Luo Feng could only lower his head and agree. Sitting Mountain Guest took out his green mountain, and the drop of godly blood fell on it, which easily contained it. “I’ll give you the true treasure three days from now,” said Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Teacher,” said Luo Feng. “I obtained the inheritance of Duan Dong River…”

“Huh? The inheritance of Duan Dong River?” Sitting Mountain Guest turned around and glanced at Luo Feng. “Do you think you can read about how you transcend incarnations under the original mind?” Luo Feng was dazed. “I can’t.”

“Then it’s useless!” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “I’m the best at making true treasures in Universe Ocean. Unless it’s information about incarnation transcendence, it’s useless to me! I’m just one step away…”

Luo Feng blinked. Damn it, he thought.

He had planned to tell Sitting Mountain Guest something about the information about universe supreme masters in Duan Dong River inheritance, but Sitting Mountain Guest didn’t give a damn about it. “You’ll understand after you reach my level. The information is useless,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Like your teacher, Primal Chaos City Leader. He might also be stuck at the last step, and he can only become a universe supreme master after making that breakthrough. The training experience you have on hand is also useless to him. Training experience is useful to those who haven’t reached the limit, but it’s useless to those who have. “However, although it’s useless to me, none of the other beings in the original universe have reached the limit of a universe supreme master yet—even the late Huge Axe Creator. Only Teacher Origin reached the limit. If he hadn’t been suppressed, he might have transcended incarnations already.” Sitting Mountain Guest stared at Luo Feng. “All those lone universe supreme masters want to transcend incarnations, so you must be wary of them. Even the old beast god and the three ancestral gods.”

“Okay.”

“As for me, I’m just an audience.” Sitting Mountain Guest laughed and disappeared in the space storms.

Luo Feng stood in the distance.

Luo Feng stayed on Earth and waited, and after three days, Sitting Mountain Guest came back with the true treasure he had made.


Chapter 1280 The Alliance of Three Races

Luo Feng sat in the garden, holding a colorful crystal ball. There were halos on the ball, and these halos converged at a single point that looked like an eyeball. The crystal ball was the true treasure left by Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest indeed doesn’t want to meddle. He left right after giving me this true treasure.” Luo Feng shook his head. Sitting Mountain Guest gave Luo Feng the crystal ball and said, “Seal your life imprint on it, and then it’ll recognize you as its master! Don’t think about getting me into the human race. Remember, you need to kill another universe master if you want me to make you a true treasure. Of course, this is only the promise when you’re still a universe knight. When you become a universe master, the requirement will be higher.”

He then teleported and left.

“This crystal ball…” Luo Feng looked at the crystal ball in his hand, and his trace of godly power touched it. His life imprint was sealed on the crystal ball. “No wonder it was made by Teacher. There’s no information at all.” Luo Feng smiled. “The valuables born in the original star often contain detailed information. As for valuables made by his teacher, it depends on Sitting Mountain Guest’s mood. If he thinks it’s necessary, there will be some information in it.” Otherwise, there would be no information. “However, it’s easy to use.”

Luo Feng immediately knew how to use the crystal ball. There was only one level of engravings to control the crystal ball, and the godly blood’s mental force would shout right out of the eye of the crystal ball. Even a universe knight would be able to drive it. “It’s a very simple true treasure!” Luo Feng exclaimed. “If it weren’t for the godly blood, it would only be an ordinary true treasure. It looks like an eyeball, and the core is a drop of blood from a great being from an ancient civilization, so I’ll call it Ancient God Eye.” True treasure: Ancient God Eye! A true treasure whose level was difficult to measure but had destructive power against universe masters was more important than supreme true treasures in a race war.

Sou!

Luo Feng obtained Ancient God Eye and went back to the primal secret region.

“Horde Leader.”

“Horde Leader.”

Luo Feng walked among the palaces, and all the universe knights, undying fighters, and sector lords saluted him. “A war.” Luo Feng could feel the universe masters around him. Lots of universe masters gathered in the palace where Primal Chaos City Leader lived. They were all preparing for the coming war. “Luo Feng.” A being walked out of the main palace. It was Primal Chaos City Leader’s original body.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng greeted him.

“Have you come here for me?” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng.

The human race was facing a danger it had never faced before, and the main palace of Primal Chaos City Leader was the core. He was controlling the entire situation and receiving the powers who came to help humans. Normally, nobody would visit Primal Chaos City Leader if there weren’t serious business.

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded. “The godly blood has been transformed into a true treasure.”

“That drop of godly blood? Transformed into a true treasure?” Primal Chaos City Leader was shocked and exhilarated. He, along with Luo Feng, Darkness Maser, and Peng Gong Master had known about the godly blood for a long time. As for the other universe masters, they had no idea. “Was it Craftsmen Master or Sitting Mountain Guest?” Primal Chaos City Leader couldn’t help asking. “Sitting Mountain Guest.” Luo Feng said.

He didn’t try to hide it. Some secrets needed to be covered when he was weak. However, he was much more powerful now, and he had nothing to worry about. No one would dare try to encircle him and seize his valuables.

“Your home planet, Earth, was created by that great being. I should’ve figured that you had some connections with him,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Did you ask him to help us?”

“I did, but he said no.” Luo Feng shook his head. “No surprise.” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head. “We don’t have any universe supreme masters on our side, so we’re at an absolute disadvantage… Sitting Mountain Guest is very shrewd, so he won’t join. How about the true treasure?” Luo Feng smirked. “Those whose minds are under universe supreme masters can’t resist it.” Before, the power of godly blood was spread, so limit-level minds of universe masters were able to withstand it. Now, only the minds of universe supreme masters could resist it.”

“Wonderful!” Primal Chaos City Leader was overjoyed. “With this true treasure, 90 percent of the universe masters will be rendered useless, and we might be able to capture some universe masters. This true treasure is more useful than supreme true treasures.”

“It is,” Luo Feng said with a nod. “This valuable can change the world, which is why I came here to tell you about it.”

“I’ll think about how to prepare for the war.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “You should go train yourself as well. When you become a universe master, the pressure on us will be greatly reduced.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng went away.

As a matter of fact, the avatar of his godly power had been staying in the space of inheritance the whole time, and he’d been comprehending the laws in a place where time passed 10,000 times faster than on the outside. He had reached the limit of gold and space law, and all he needed was the final inspiration to become a universe master.

Once he became a universe master, his Mosha body and Remote Ocean body would have powers at top-tier level six as well. And then Luo Feng would have four bodies at top-tier level six! However, universe supreme masters didn’t have multiple bodies; they could only have the power at top-tier level six in the original universe, which was why Primal Chaos City Leader expected Luo Feng to become a universe master.

“One day in the space of inheritance is 30 years outside,” said Luo Feng. “It might take me dozens of eras to get the breakthrough—or just dozens of years, if I get lucky.”

Luo Feng was anxious, too, but he knew anxiety wouldn’t help him. Only inspiration could do the trick.

The demon race territory was dark and silent. Hong! Long!

A giant purple god country appeared, and a trace of green light shone, followed by a giant ship. A black oval appeared in the white light.

“Dream Tea, Shock Horn!”

“Empress!”

“Automaton!”

Four minds communicated with each other. And then traces of light flew out from the purple oval, the ancient ship, and the black oval. Beings with powerful forces stood in the sky. Hua!

The largest ones were the four supreme masters: a giant silver snake, a strange beast with a serrated, sawtooth shell, the beautiful bug race Empress, and all the bug clan queens surrounding her. In the distance, the giant oval showed nine eyes. He was Father God of the automaton race! There were automaton universe masters around him.

“According to our plan,” said Shock Demon Ancestor, “Empress, you have a supreme true treasure palace, and 80 universe masters will stay in the palace. You’ll attack at the same time to form the greatest power. As for the demon race and the automaton race, we’ll protect 16 universe masters respectively!”

“Okay.”

“We’ll distribute the task now.”

The war would be the largest war, involving the most powers in the history of the original universe. Some powers had joined the human race, yet more powers deemed that the humans would lose. Some powers stayed neutral.

As for the prison race, the crystal race, the Space Beast Alliance, the Ancestral God School, and the Northern Territory Alliance, they didn’t go to them because they hadn’t voiced their stances yet. There were more than 80 universe masters from the three races, and almost 80 universe masters went to offer their help. Some universe masters couldn’t be lost, and some universe masters from other powers were held hostage, so they stayed in the miniature universe. There were 4 universe supreme masters and 112 universe masters in total.

“This time, we’ll act together,” said the black oval. “Besides, more races will join us. Only Darkness Master, Milky Way Horde Leader, and Peng Gong Master have the top-tier power. I alone can deal with Darkness Master and Peng Gong Master. As for Luo Feng, he’s indeed incredible, but Empress is strong enough to deal with him.” The bug race Empress nodded in the distance. “Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor will lead the 112 universe masters to fight the human race,” said Father God. “We have the absolute advantage, and we must—and will—succeed!”

“Kill!” roared the great beings from the three races. “Kill!” the subsidiary races also roared.

“Kill!” roared all the creatures in the sky, including flesh and blood type, rock type, and metal type.

This was a war that would determine their fates. “To the human territory!” Father God roared.


Chapter 1281: For the Race

In the human territory in the primal universe, Luo Feng sat cross-legged at an elevated height in the hall. With no walls in his surroundings to block his view, he could look far into the distance within that endless void space at the other magnificent palace buildings.

In preparation for the imminent battle, Luo Feng had been putting in his best as he trained hard and cultivated conscientiously. Yet he may have reached a point where there was a bottleneck that could not be rushed. To break through a critical bottleneck, there were many factors that could bring about sudden enlightenment, be it the changes within the universe or engaging in fights with other great beings midway or even during the process of teleportation. In short, there was a possibility of a breakthrough the moment one managed to gain comprehension.

The mighty Thousand Treasure River spread out to cover a region of a few light years as the voice resonated in Luo Feng’s mind instantaneously. “Luo Feng, make your way to the main hall as quickly as you can!”

“Teacher!” Luo Feng opened his eyes right away. “War is here?”

Without hesitation, Luo Feng rose.

Shua!

With an instant teleportation, he vanished.

Within the quiet palaces resided numerous great beings from other races. They were entrenched in a certain area either in the form of mountain ranges or in a form that resembled meatballs that were totally green in color. Numerous pairs of eyes on these godly bodies could cause one’s heart to tremble. These universe masters for the other races were not far from one another, and they were scattered all over the surroundings of Primal Chaos City Leader’s Palace.

They were all waiting. Waiting for the war to arrive! They were aware of the danger of taking part in this war, but the dangers and benefits corresponded with one another! If the human alliance could become the third holy land universe, then by joining the alliance, at least their own races would be allocated a portion of the space for their own legacy. As the high-level universe masters of their race, they would be able to live longer lives.

Furthermore, the humans would give part of the experiences of how to become a universe supreme master from a universe master. They were aware that the humans might not tell them everything, but perhaps they would share a tenth of what they knew. Or possibly as little as one percent, which was better than not knowing anything at all. So long as they knew a small portion, it would be greatly beneficial to them.

“For our race!”

“For our race!”

The various universe masters were all of one mind. When it was time to fight, they had to fight. For this fight, they had charged their way in. There were many advantages to gain, but at the same time, this was a war, so there was also the risk of annihilation.

Shortly after, the mighty Thousand Treasure River spread out again, as Primal Chaos City Leader’s voice resonated by the ears of every single universe master. “Dear universe masters, please make your way to the main hall as quickly as you can.”

“It’s coming.”

“Finally, it’s here.”

“War.”

These universe masters from different races had waited for a long time, and every single one had feelings ranging from excitement to disquiet to insanity. However, they were all prepared! A short moment later, they had all teleported.

In the primal universe, within the main hall of Primal Chaos City Leader’s City Leader Palace, numerous figures started appearing out of nowhere. The number of great beings gathered in the hall continued to rise from 60 to 70 to 80 to 90. In a fleeting moment, everyone had arrived within the same hall. Then silence prevailed.

Primal Chaos City Leader stood on the steps of the stairway and looked down. Even up to that very moment, he himself had never sat on that throne before. “Dear all,” he began.

The great beings standing below included humans, some races that belonged to the Hong Alliance, and some races that did not belong to any main group or power. Of course, from the moment they joined the humans’ camp, all scattered races would naturally become a part of the Hong Alliance! Among the large crowd of super beings in that huge hall, the one standing at the forefront was—the silver-winged, armored form of Luo Feng, with his blade slung behind his back! Chubby Peng Gong Master with his big pot belly held on to Yan Jun Rod! And the black-robed Darkness Master exuded a silently, deadly aura!

“The demons, the bug clan, and the automaton race have started making their moves,” Primal Chaos City Leader said solemnly. “And the three races have joined one another this time. Apparently, after we taught them such a harsh lesson by causing them to lose six of their universe masters, not a single one of those three races dared to charge into our human territory alone. They are so scared that, now, they only dare to come forward after joining forces.”

Smiles started to form on the faces of the great beings beneath him right away.

Right! So what if there were three races? They were too scared of the human race all the same and could only make their moves after they joined forces.

“At this moment, they are already gathered. I suppose they will soon take action.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at the numerous universe masters. “Now, let’s follow our original plan. This war… all the universe masters who are taking part—other than Milky Way Horde Leader, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master, who have the autonomous right to take action—will all get into Black Prison Tower.”

Quite a handful of universe masters registered traces of relief. Black Prison Tower was a supreme true treasure. Inside, the level of security was naturally much higher. Of course, during the actual war, they would not be all hiding within the tower; otherwise, who would attack the enemy? They all had to be stationed at the exit points of Black Prison Tower where there were no obstructions. This was the only way they could attack the outside world! However, if they could attack the outside world, that meant the outside world could retaliate along the same route. But since they were at the exit points that were also the entrance points, they could certainly hide into the depth of Black Prison Tower anytime, which was much better than being out in the void space without any shield at all.

“Darkness Master.” Primal Chaos City looked toward his younger brother.

Darkness Master nodded slightly, outstretching his hand. A black pyramid appeared in the middle of his palm.

“Black Prison Tower?” The universe masters from the other races all looked over with shining eyes. This was a supreme true treasure! They, from their own scattered races, would never qualify to possess such a supreme true treasure.

“Go!”

Darkness Master manipulated it with his mind, and instantly, Black Prison Tower flew to the middle of the huge hall and expanded rapidly to become a towering pyramid. Around it, three side doors appeared concurrently. This supreme true treasure had side doors and one main door—just like how the first level of Star Tower had many side doors all around its border, while the bottom part could split open to form a deep abyss that would swallow everything up. Or like the Boat of Mausoleum, where the bottom part of the vessel could split open to form a gigantic entrance. But the Boat of Mausoleum did not have a suction ability, so the smaller cabin doors along its edge were more commonly used.

“Everyone, please enter,” Primal Chaos City Leader said.

Following his command, Long Yang Master, Ice Mountain Master, and Deserted Mirror Master from the human race walked in without hesitation. The other universe masters hesitated briefly and exchanged glances. Then, one by one, they walked in, too. A short moment later, within that huge hall, only a Black Prison tower remained with Primal Chaos City Leader, Luo Feng, Darkness, and Peng Gong.

“Darkness,” Primal Chaos City Leader said solemnly. “In here, there is a total of 21 members who are originally from our Hong Alliance and also, 70 new additions who have decided to join our force. Altogether, a total of 91! All will be under your command. This will be our most important source of power. With 91 of them joining forces, any universe supreme master can be blown away or knocked out of his wits. How the 91 of them should be grouped and how they are going to attack or defend is up to your discretion.”

“Noted.” Darkness Master nodded, and without another word, he stepped into Black Prison Tower.

He was the master of Black Prison Tower, which was why he could control those other races. The moment anyone tried to fool around, Darkness Master could send that member into eternal imprisonment within Black Prison Tower. Even if someone tried to escape, there was no way he could escape from that strong suction force of the supreme true treasure. In this war, Darkness Master’s main task was to manage this group of 91 universe masters.

In fact, the chances of these various races escaping during the critical moment were not high. This was because out of the 92 universe masters who joined the human camp, only 70 of them would be taking part in the war. The other 22 were to remain in the original universe. They were to play the roles of hostages. For example, if a certain race had three universe masters, two would step out onto the battlefield while the other one would stay behind in the original universe. The human race’s excuse for such a strategy would certainly be for the lineage of these other races to have continuity. They had to divide the risk as much as possible! The other races knew the actual reason why the humans were doing so, but they would show no rejection. Actually, the demons, the automaton race, and the bug clan were all doing the same thing.

“Luo Feng, Peng Gong, the rest are up to the two of you.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked toward Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master. Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master nodded. Then Luo Feng waved, and instantly, a vessel landed within the main hall. It was the Boat of Mausoleum.

“Let’s go,” Luo Feng said.

Together with Peng Gong Master, the pair flew right into the Boat of Mausoleum.

“Set off for the headquarters of our virtual universe and wait there patiently!” Primal Chaos City Leader ordered.

Hong! Hong!

Black Prison Tower and the Boat of Mausoleum teleported and vanished at the same time

The headquarters of the virtual universe was originally the gathering ground for domain masters, sector lords, and undying fighters of the virtual universe company, while the primal secret region was more concealed. For these two places, one was openly known, and the other was secretly hidden. One handled various foundational matters, while the other handled higher-level matters like the cultivation of core talents.

The headquarters of the virtual universe and the primal secret region both had the universe passageways that led to the primal universe. It was also a place that the humans had to protect!

Based on speculations, if the enemy wanted to attack, they would likely attack either one of the two—either the headquarters of the virtual universe or the primal secret region. And these two places were now well-equipped with the establishment of a stable god country passageway. If the enemies were to attack the primal secret region, they could retreat right away.

A black pyramid and an aged vessel were both floating in the void space above the headquarters of the virtual universe.

“Luo Feng, are you nervous?” Peng Gong Master asked with a smile.

“Of course, I am.” Luo Feng let out a deep breath and looked toward Peng Gong by his side. “This is an alliance of the three other races, and based on the information we have, even though a number of scattered races came over to us, there were also others that went over to the other three races! And they have four supreme masters, w. When we truly fight them, these supreme masters all have an edge over us.”

Because supreme masters originally wielded seventh-tier combat powers or even eighth-tier combat power, under the suppression of the primal universe, the most they could execute was sixth-tier as the top.

This was why they could totally multi-task without issue, like manipulating far-range attacks while engaging in close-range battle, and at the same time, unleashing combat power at the level of sixth-tier as the top! One supreme master was easily capable of taking on two opponents at the same time! During the war with the demons earlier on, this had been made apparent to all.

“And Father God of the automaton race and the Bug Race Empress, when confronting them one-on-one, they are both much more powerful than Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor,” Luo Feng whispered. “This is a tough war we are facing.”

“We still have some hope of winning this war,” Peng Gong Master replied.

Luo Feng nodded. Although he still felt that heaviness in his heart. Because Father God of the automaton race and Bug Race Empress were both highly skilled in group battles, and they had strange techniques that were very unpredictable. One could already catch a glance or two from observing the battle between the automaton race and the bugs.

“Luo Feng, Peng Gong, Darkness, these are the coordinates. The united force of the three races has just arrived here via their god country transportation.” Primal Chaos City Leader was quick to inform Luo Feng, Darkness, and Peng Gong through the virtual universe.

“Understood.”

“Noted.”

“Setting off now.”

Luo Feng and the other two stayed very focused, as they could not afford to be distracted.

Shua! Shua!

The black pyramid and aged boat teleported successively one after the other toward the faraway coordinates! The coordinates were extremely close to the headquarters of the virtual universe, but Luo Feng and company only needed to teleport over a distance of around 300 light years to arrive there.

In the distance, there were some lonely and quiet desert planets. Beside these desert planets, there was a star level in its final stage where it was still radiating faint and dim red light rays. It was this place within the starlit sky.

A gigantic purple sphere, an aged vessel, and a black oval were all in the void space. They exuded an endless, oppressive force that caused time and space to become contorted. Even the star levels far away started to tremble under this oppression and began to undergo drastic changes.

Hong! Hong!

That aged vessel of the ancient civilization and the black pyramid appeared at the same time.

The united force of the three races! The human camp! All gathered within this space.


Chapter 1282: Machine Type

A beautiful figure flew out of the giant purple oval, and two giant beings flew out of the ancient ship, yet the black oval remained still. Those forces from the three universe supreme masters alone exerted incredible power, twisting the space and time around them. In the distance, the planets and the stars in the distance exploded like fireworks.

On the human side, the door of Boat of Mausoleum opened, and two beings flew out, standing on top of Boat of Mausoleum and gazing out.

Weng!

Golden light mixed with cold sand appeared at each area of the battlefield, covering an area of ten square light years. It was the combination of Golden Country and Snow Sand Ocean. Although the alliance of three races was incredible, without a domain type supreme true treasure, they couldn’t do anything about it.

“We meet again, Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor.” Peng Gong Master looked at the opposite side. With Luo Feng’s help, his voice spread everywhere. “This must be the bug race Empress! I heard that the Empress always hides in the so-called Empress Hive when she fights in Universe Ocean, so lots of great beings say Bug Empress is a coward who always hides in the supreme true treasure palace. Yet you came out today. It seems Bug Empress is not afraid of death, and everyone is wrong.”

Bug Empress had a supreme true treasure palace called “Empress Hive” or “Empress Palace.”

“You’re wrong, Peng Gong. The Empress is indeed scared of death,” said Luo Feng jokingly. “However, in the original universe, the power of attacks can only reach top-tier level six, so Bug Empress won’t be in danger. Of course, she won’t be worried about her life.”

“I see,” shouted Peng Gong Master.

The human team kept laughing and shouting while the united forces alliance was angry. They dared to make fun of Bug Empress! However, nothing could be done about it because the domain was controlled by Luo Feng, so their voices couldn’t be spread even if they shouted loudly.

“Father God, why do you keep hiding in that black oval? You don’t even have a supreme true treasure palace?” Peng Gong Master shouted. “Show yourself. Me, Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and other universe masters haven’t seen what you look like.”

“I bet he’s too ugly to show himself,” said Luo Feng confidently.

Furious. The united forces alliance was furious! Shock Demon Ancestor, Dream Demon Ancestor, Bug Empress, and Father God knew that the humans were provoking them deliberately, but they were still furious. However, their voices couldn’t be spread, as they were blocked by Luo Feng’s domain.

On the human team, Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master were chatting and trashing the opposite team, and their voices resounded through the space and time around both teams, yet the swearing from the united forces alliance was completely blocked.

“Kill!”

This was just great. The united forces alliance didn’t even have a chance to argue back.

Father God was the angriest. He was noble and royal, and all the great beings in the automaton race respected him wholeheartedly. Those universe masters were even willing to die if Father God gave the order. Pride filled Father God’s heart. He was in awe of all those universe masters! Yet he was being ridiculed and getting called ugly, so of course, he was enraged. If he couldn’t refute things verbally, he would use his strength.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Rickety-looking figures rushed out of the oval. There were 10,081 of them, and they charged at Boat of Mausoleum. All of them were around 10,000 kilometers tall, had eight arms and two legs, and were made of metal. They all had braids on their heads.

“Father God is infuriated.” Peng Gong Master was shocked and transmitted his voice to Luo Feng. “He has 10,081 puppets in his puppet army. Based on our information, he only uses 9,000 puppets, at most, when he’s adventuring in Universe Ocean.”

Luo Feng transmitted his voice. “Simple. It’s very dangerous in Universe Ocean, and other universe supreme masters are difficult to deal with. He might lose some of his puppets if he gets caught in a fight! Every one of them is at least as valuable as an ordinary true treasure, so Father God would never use them all like this. However, in the original universe, top-tier level-six power is the maximum power allowed, so he doesn’t need to worry about losing puppets. Of course, he will use them all.”

Luo Feng gazed at the puppets flying toward them. The two teams were far away from each other, so even if they flew at near light speed, it would take them a long time to arrive.

“The puppets…”

Father God must be following the group technique of the machine type from the ancient civilization, Luo Feng thought.

He had gotten the inheritance form Duan Dong River, and he had read lots of information about it. He knew a lot about machine types. Compared to the machine type from the ancient civilization, Father God’s skills were primitive.

Father God couldn’t make powerful machines, so he could only use massive quantities to make up for it. Machine types had the characteristics of replicability, so they could follow the group technique. However, real supreme beings could create a machine type valuable like Boat of Mausoleum or even Universe Boat! These were valuables that were sole entities but were incredibly powerful!

It’s primitive, and the supreme beings from the ancient civilization can easily annihilate them, thought Luo Feng. In Universe Ocean— especially in the original universe—I can’t do anything to it. Father God is an intelligent life form and can fully utilize a group technique.

He could tell instantly that the 10,081 puppets used precious materials—at least materials used for pinnacle true treasures! None of the puppets cost much. They were small but could grow or shrink under godly power like Boat of Mausoleum and other true treasures. All of them combined, however, were equal to a supreme true treasure. They couldn’t be broken.

As for swallowing them using Star Tower or Black Prison Tower, that wouldn’t work either. Under the power of Father God, those 10,081 puppets would act as one; they could easily shrug off the swallowing power. If they could be easily swallowed, Father God would have lost many puppets while adventuring in Universe Ocean.

“Let’s enter the dark universe.” Luo Feng transmitted his voice. “Okay,” Peng Gong Master answered, and Darkness Master received the information.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Boat of Mausoleum and Black Prison Tower reached light speed and entered the dark universe.

“I know they’re going in the dark universe!” Shock Demon Ancestor roared. “Go into the dark universe!”

Finally, the voice could be spread.

The dark universe.

Universe supreme masters could all be ten times or even a hundred times faster than light speed, so it would be at a disadvantage to fight them in the original universe. The human team didn’t have any universe supreme masters, so they chose to enter the dark universe, and after entering the dark universe, they could choose to return to the original universe.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

The puppet team showed up less than one second after Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master entered the dark universe.

Hou! Hou!

Every puppet roared, and burning godly power drove them in the same way Luo Feng would drive spiritual force weapons. Father God utilized his artificial features, as he was the only supreme master able to do that. His multi-tasking abilities were the best in Universe Ocean.

Artificial lives—such as Babata—had peak calculation abilities even when they were weak. After becoming undying, his calculation abilities well surpassed all undying fighters. As for Father God, even 1/100th of his controlling ability was better than other universe supreme masters.

The 10,081 puppets were quickly divided into two teams and charged at Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master.

Hong!

The 5,000 puppets hit Luo Feng at almost the same time. All were accurate, and the power was perfectly combined. Even Luo Feng didn’t dare to attempt resisting it directly. Although he was wearing Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, his godly body was 100 times weaker than top-tier universe masters.

“Defend!” Luo Feng used his Blood Shadow Blade to block it, and the blade became enormous, blocking the attacks.

“Break!” Peng Gong Master roared and waved Yan Jun Rod.

Hong! Hong!

They were hit at the same time, and Boat of Mausoleum was pushed slightly back. Peng Gong Master’s Yan Jun Rod extended and formed armor that was as powerful as Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor. Peng Gong Master was also a universe master with 10,000 times life gene level, so he was better at defense than Luo Feng!

“Although it’s powerful, this is not unexpected.” Peng Gong Master transmitted his voice to Luo Feng.

Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master should have bounced back if the attack had been at top-tier level six.

Luo Feng transmitted his voice in reply. “It’s not that powerful. Perhaps only when all the puppets attack altogether can they reach top-tier level six. That’s the suppression from the original universe! If he can fully utilize every puppet, the suppression from the original universe will be rendered useless.”

“The group technique has a limited amount of power,” Peng Gong Master said, relieved.


Chapter 1283: Irresistible

The power from the puppets upset Father God. “If this were Universe Ocean, even ordinary universe supreme masters wouldn’t dare to take that attack directly. Damn mind of the original universe! It suppresses the power of every puppet I have. I’ll try to pin them down.”

Based on the original plan, Father God had already known the maximum power he could reach, so he would deal with Darkness Master and Peng Gong Master first. However, Darkness Master was hiding in Black Prison Tower, so he resorted to fighting Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master first.

“Although I can’t suppress them, I can still trap them.” Father God looked to the distance.

Hua! Hua!

The puppet army swept across Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master. The puppets started to wind around Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master like a spider web.

“Damn puppets!” Peng Gong Master roared. He slashed at the area around him with Yan Jun Rod.

“Get away!” Luo Feng waved his Blood Shadow Blade, and all the puppets bounced away. However, only a small number of them bounced away compared to the entirety of them.

They kept charging Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master, who were trapped by the puppets and couldn’t make their way out. It was time to kill them!

“Shock Horn, Dream Demon, and Empress—beware of that Black Prison Tower!” said Father God. “Tell the other universe masters to attack Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master.”

“Okay.”

“If we can kill either Luo Feng or Peng Gong, we’ll have a much higher chance to win.”

All of a sudden, a huge abyss showed up from Empress Palace, and many universe masters from the bug race and other races stood at the opening. The black oval also cracked, and universe masters appeared.

“Attack!”

“Attack!”

“Attack!”

All the 112 universe masters started to show their power. Some of them brought multiple bodies, so there were more than 120 of them. True treasures, illusion attacks, soul attacks, and material attacks were all used.

Universe masters from the bug race and the automaton race also summoned a large group of puppets. Both races also used a group technique.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

The power was so strong that everyone was thrilled—even Shock Demon Ancestor, Dream Demon Ancestor, Father God, and Bug Empress. The original universe had never seen so many universe masters attacked at the same time.

“No!” Luo Feng yelled.

“We’re in trouble!” Peng Gong Master also shouted.

Luo Feng transmitted his voice to Darkness Master. “Quick! Help!”

Black Prison Tower was floating, and a giant abyss appeared under it, and great beings showed up as well. There were 91 universe masters and more than 100 godly bodies. They’d already sensed that something was wrong when they saw Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master trapped, but they hadn’t expected the enemies to attack at the same time.

“Attack! Attack the universe masters from Empress Palace!” said Darkness Master, transmitting his voice.

The universe masters all raced toward Empress Palace.

The two groups were far away from each other in the original universe. However, they were close in the dark universe. The universe masters from the united forces alliance attacked them all at once, and they arrived at Luo Feng’s location. Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master were horrified.

Peng Gong Master transmitted his voice. “Luo Feng, we can’t resist it.”

“Then don’t do it.” Luo Feng waved his hands.

Hong!

Boat of Mausoleum showed up in front of Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master, blocking all the attacks.

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

The attacks kept hitting the boat, yet some soul attacks and illusion attacks still went around the boat and hit Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master.

“Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor can weaken the attack, and I have a pinnacle soul true treasure to protect my soul, yet I still feel burdened even with my willpower. It’s terrific, and it’s only a part of the combined attack. Most of the attacks were blocked by Boat of Mausoleum. If they hit me directly…”

The more Luo Feng thought about it, the more scared he got. Ten universe masters combined could form power at top-tier level six. One plus one was greater than two! A top-tier level-six universe master was ten times more powerful than a top-tier level-five universe master. However, when some powerful universe masters fought together, the power would reach top-tier level six. And when more than 100 universe masters fought together, it would be far more powerful than level seven—close to level eight!

Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master didn’t dare to resist it, even with Blood Shadow Blade and Yan Jun Rod.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

All the attacks were concentrated and hit Boat of Mausoleum. The shock waves alone were more powerful than top-tier level six.

Luo Feng transmitted his voice. “Come in.”

The door opened to their side. Luo Feng thought about it when he released Boat of Mausoleum.

Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng and Peng Gong entered.

Inside Boat of Mausoleum, Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master stayed in the palace. Their view wasn’t blocked by Boat of Mausoleum. They saw the universe masters from the alliance attacked again and again. However, the universe masters coming out of Black Prison Tower were also making attacks at the same level.

Hong!

The destructive attacks swept across Empress Palace and the universe masters. Although Empress Palace was a supreme true treasure palace, universe masters stood outside the door every time they fought. Otherwise, they might be attacked.

Father God transmitted his voice. “Resist it!”

“Leave it to me!”

A silver snake immediately grew ten billion kilometers tall. The universe masters from the united forces alliance were fairly close to each other in the original universe and were nearly touching each other in the dark universe. Dream Demon Ancestor completely covered Empress Palace, Father God, and Shock Demon Ancestor; the silver snake covered everything.

The true treasure weapons and energy attacks all hit the silver snake.

Hong!

Dream Demon Ancestor rolled over and hit Empress Palace and Father God. They all bounced away and completely disappeared.

“Terrific!” Peng Gong Master exclaimed in Boat of Mausoleum.

“She’s brave,” Luo Feng praised Dream Demon Ancestor.

The human team had over 100 universe masters attack at the same time. Even Father God, Bug Empress, and Shock Demon Ancestor didn’t dare to resist. Only Dream Demon Ancestor, with her supreme true treasure armor, dared to resist it! However, Dream Demon Ancestor was only able to show the power of top-tier level six, so she didn’t have much defense power and bounced away. However, Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master understood that although she was repelled back, with that supreme true treasure armor and godly body, even universe supreme masters in Universe Ocean couldn’t harm her, let alone those attacks from universe masters.

“Attack!”

“Attack!”

“Attack!”

The universe masters from the united forces alliance all attacked Black Prison Tower with Dream Demon Ancestor protecting them. The universe masters from the human team also started to attack.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

The universe masters from both teams started fighting each other.

“Swallow!”

Empress Palace exerted swallowing power, attempting to suck in the universe masters from the human race as well as Black Prison Tower! Fortunately, all 100-plus universe masters combined were able to resist it. However, they were still careful, as they also needed to resist the attacks from universe masters from the united forces alliance. If they couldn’t resist the attacks, they might be sucked in.

“Swallowing!” Darkness Master was controlling Black Prison Tower also.

The abyss exerted incomparable swallowing power, trying to suck in the universe masters around Empress Palace—and Empress Palace itself.

There were two supreme true treasure palaces: Black Prison Tower versus Empress Palace! And they were both trying to swallow the other!

However, unless the disparity in power between two supreme true treasure palaces was huge, it would be almost impossible for one to swallow another! Even if there was a significant difference between two supreme true treasures, the users needed to display that difference. Black Prison Tower was controlled by Darkness Master, and Empress Palace was controlled by Bug Empress; both were at the first level, so neither could do anything to the other.


Chapter 1284: Brutality

The outburst of the two great palace type supreme true treasures, Black Prison Tower and Empress Palace, unleashed terrifying gravitational force. The two camps of universe masters went completely wild with violence.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Both sides had fallen into an intense fight. The united force of the three races had a total of 112 universe masters. Adding on the other bodies of certain universe masters, the total number of godly bodies in that force exceeded 120!

As for the human camp, with a starting count of 92 universe masters (including Darkness Master), after adding on the other bodies of certain universe masters, their total count exceeded 100!

With so many universe masters gathered in the same place and countless attacks occurring at the same time, the level of energy was continuously changing and expanding! The attack powers from both sides were almost at the eighth tier, and the universe supreme masters could only execute theirs at sixth-tier as the top, which meant that the moment they were hit by an attack, they might be thrown far away into the distance by the impact.

“Kill!”

“Kill the group of demons, bugs, and automaton race!”

“I have never exchanged blows with the universe masters of the bug clan before, yet now, so many universe masters are attacking together. This… This is simply satisfying.”

The numerous universe masters were highly excited. All burned with passion.

When over 100 godly bodies executed their techniques at the same time, the outburst of energy formed an “energy domain” of an area of a million kilometers around them. It was like when universe supreme masters burned their godly powers to get their godly powers to rise up; the energy generated could expel Golden Kingdom and Snow Sand Ocean within a small surrounding area. Not to mention the combined power of over 100 universe masters.

Hong! Hong!

Their opponents were attacking like crazy. But when they charged into this energy domain, their energies were vigorously consumed. Regardless of what kind of technique—godly power attack, soul attack, or illusion attack—all of the attacks were collectively worn out the moment they reached the energy domain, even before anything could reach these universe masters.

“Too powerful! When so many of us universe masters join forces, we become overwhelmingly powerful. Even universe supreme beings will mean nothing to us.”

“Even a top-tier true treasure, when confronted by our combined attack, will most likely be shattered to pieces.”

“Of course, it will shatter. Previously, some silly fool from the united force of the three races sent a blow across the void space with his blade, and that top-tier true treasure blade was reduced to powder and dust right away!”

Satisfaction! Universe masters from both camps were killing to their hearts’ content. They were universe masters, after all. When would they get the chance to experience such an outburst of power that was so overwhelmingly strong? Even universe supreme masters could not beat them. This was an execution of an attack with formidable power, and, indeed, it brought them the utmost satisfaction.

Both sides were executing their attack techniques. The power of certain attacks, upon execution, was worn out by the surrounding energy domain as the universe masters fought their way through while resisting their enemy’s attack. Some others were able to charge through the surrounding energy domain to reach their enemy’s camp, yet their powers were eventually worn out upon entering the enemy’s energy domain.

The number of godly bodies within the human camp might have been more than 100, but this number was still smaller than that of the united force of the three races. They had to focus more on defense and less on attacks! If they could at least put up a strong defense, they could block off the attacks. Then everything should work out fine.

“The combined force of our attack,” Father God of the automaton race said via voice transmission, “must have scared Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master into hiding in the Boat of Mausoleum. Since they are not coming out, we shall change course and target our attacks at that group of universe masters! Shock Horn, Dream Tea, Empress, we shall join in the attacks to help the universe masters on our force.”

“All right.”

“With us joining forces, our attack power will surely be able to surpass the eighth tier and go beyond this level.”

“We shall wait for the chance to kill those universe masters. This war… We are going to fight a winning battle.”

The four universe supreme masters made up their minds instantly.

Amidst the void space in the dark universe, there were thousands of automaton puppets. They had been encircling the Boat of Mausoleum but were unable to do anything against it. Exasperated, the entire puppet troop simply could not be bothered anymore. They roared loudly with their mouths wide open. That was when the first streak of light in the shape of an arc was spat into the air. Shortly after, thousands of arc-shaped streaks of light started to appear and combine with one another. Finally, the convergence was completed to form a sharp arc of light.

Hua!

The arc of light swept toward Black Prison Tower.

“Go!” roared Shock Demon Ancestor, a beast with a serrated shell.

A cone-shaped image appeared and transformed into a dark storm. Then it dashed toward Black Prison Tower right away.

“Humans!” Dream Demon Ancestor let out a hoarse shout and shot out a cyan-colored shadow from the mouth of its gigantic snake’s head.

“Humph!” Beneath the attack of a large crowd of universe masters, a large quantity of dazzling, golden light was suddenly seen from Empress Palace.

At that moment, all four universe supreme masters were attacking at the same time.

Every universe supreme master was equivalent to 10 universe masters, so with the four universe supreme masters attacking at the same time, the power that could be executed by 120 godly bodies instantly soared to that of 160 godly bodies. After combining the attacks by the four supreme masters, the energy level once again underwent a change to completely surpass that of the eighth-tier energy level.

Hong! Long! Long!

Endless attacks were on the way. The energy domain of the human camp was instantly suppressed to only one-tenth of its previous area of influence. The violent attacks from the united forces of the three races could even prevent the attacks by universe masters of the human camp from surging out of their energy domain! All that the universe masters from the human camp could manage to do was rush about, resisting attacks and defending themselves.

“Too strong!”

“Unable to block!”

“If this goes on, there will definitely be problems. Once the energy domain that we are defending has a flaw, that single weak point will cause the entire storm of violent attacks to sweep its way in. Then we are bound to see our universe masters being annihilated.”

“This cannot go on.”

The entire human camp was in a state of panic, bustling about helter-skelter. In the face of such overwhelming attacks, 100 godly bodies were forced to resist powerful attacks equivalent to 160 godly bodies. The more great beings there were, the more the power would go on increasing progressively, so the difference in power between both sides could now be estimated as two to three times. The human camp was bracing itself to last for as long as it could.

“Under such pressure, even if there isn’t a weak point, the consumption of our godly bodies alone will be our undoing. If we lose 50 percent of our godly bodies, our power will only be left with 10 percent! Following the consumption of our godly bodies, our combat power will be reduced progressively, too… On the other hand, the united force of the three races has the help of four supreme masters. In terms of consumption, no matter how long this war takes, the four supreme masters can easily maintain at least the sixth tier as the top level of combat power.”

The humans were no fools. They could, after all, become universe masters. They all knew they were in a dangerous situation.

Within the Boat of Mausoleum, Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master had just witnessed the crossfire between the universe masters from both camps. They were lamenting over their observations when they saw the four supreme masters joining the battle.

“Luo Feng! Peng Gong! If the both of you are still not going to enter the field, things are going to go awry very soon.” Darkness Master transmitted a voice message with a tone of harshness.

Peng Gong transmitted his reply to Darkness Master. “The crossfire has only just begun. We are not needed there yet. Up until now, the battle has only gone on for a while. The godly bodies of our universe masters should be barely consumed at all.”

“Don’t spout nonsense.” Darkness Master was highly anxious. “Why don’t you come here and try it for yourself? The power of their attacks is much too strong! The moment we lose our defense, I’m afraid we will start to see the annihilation of our universe masters. If we drag on for too long, following the continued consumption of godly bodies, our ability to resist will gradually weaken. Luo Feng, when do you intend to counterattack?”

Luo Feng frowned and shouted his decision right away. “Peng Gong, let’s take the field together!”

“All right,” Peng Gong said. He squinted, but through the pair of slits, his eyes were flashing with insanity.

Hong!

]The speed of the Boat of Mausoleum skyrocketed suddenly and sharply. Then, without further ado, it dashed into the distance, moving toward the camp of the united force of the three races. The Boat of Mausoleum was so mighty that those automaton puppets did not even dare to stand in its way. The moment it came charging toward them, even Father God of the automaton race, who had previously been so arrogant, immediately ceased the attacks of his puppet troop.

Father God of the automaton race transmitted his orders. “Shock Horn, Dream Tea, Empress, you all will continue to attack the human universe masters of the human camp. This Luo Feng and Peng, leave them to me.”

“All right.”

“Automaton, you must block them both.”

“Beware of Luo Feng. He has received the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River. Who knows? He might have some other strange treasures.”

Father God of automaton race transmitted his reply. “Don’t worry. I have never let my guard down before.”

Thousands of automaton puppets were seen to have flocked around the Boat of Mausoleum. When the Boat of Mausoleum’s speed soared from 100 times light speed to several hundred times light speed, those puppets did likewise. When the entire Boat of Mausoleum was about to collide with that black sphere—

Hua!

The Boat of Mausoleum vanished into thin air. Luo Feng and Peng Gong appeared in midair.

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

The moment they appeared, both executed their attacks at the same time.

“Break!”

Luo Feng wielded Blood Ghost Blade, and the blade became insanely huge. From tens of thousands of kilometers of length, the blade speedily expanded to a length of at least 100 million kilometers. The sharp edges grew especially big while the handle remained the same size as before. This gigantic Blood Ghost Blade could not be bothered with the automaton puppets at all. Instead, it hacked murderously at the duo made up of Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor!

“Empress of the bug clan, you should accept one rod, too!” Yan Jun Rod also expanded tremendously in Peng Gong Master’s grip, who viciously thrust it far into the distance at Empress Palace!

With a hack and a thrust, the two paid no attention to the automaton puppets and instead directed all their attacks at Shock Demon Ancestor, Dream Demon Ancestor, and Empress Palace.

Shock Demon Ancestor, Dream Demon Ancestor, and the Empress of the bug clan were exceptionally great beings. Of course, given their status, they would be clearly aware that the critical factor determining the victorious party in this war was none other than the group of universe masters of each force! So they paid no heed to Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master’s attacks and continued to pour out their individual powers, directing repeated attacks at the human universe masters within Black Prison Tower.

But as for Blood Ghost Blade hacking onto the bodies of Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor…

The idea of a sixth-tier top-level kind of attack injuring a universe supreme master was a joke. Such an attack could, at most, knock these two universe supreme masters back a short distance.

“Let’s not bother with those two humans,” Shock Demon Master said, transmitting a voice message. “Automaton, they have the Boat of Mausoleum. That’s why they can barge their way through. There is no way you can try to obstruct them… Since that is the case, you might as well ignore them both. A sixth-tier attack? Humph! It won’t be able to hurt us at all. We just need to focus on attacking that group of universe masters.”

The Empress of the bug clan also transmitted her voice message. “Right, universe masters of the human camp are already starting to get flustered. The moment a loophole appears, their universe masters are bound to face annihilation… Thereafter, the number of deaths on their side will increase. We must win this war.”

“All right.” Father God of Automaton clan also decided that he should no longer be bothered with Luo Feng and Peng Gong.

This instantly caused Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master to get anxious and angry, but there was nothing they could do. After all, the primal universe might be able to suppress the attack power of these supreme masters. It was not able to suppress their defensive ability.

Darkness Master transmitted another voice message out of anxiety. “Luo Feng, Peng Gong, right now, the majority of our universe masters’ godly bodies are basically over 95 percent. But if this situation persists, the consumption of their godly bodies will increase beyond control. And now, just putting up defense alone, is exhausting them!”

Peng Gong Master transmitted a voice message too. “Luo Feng and I are getting anxious, too! But the four supreme masters are too vigilant. Even when they have such a great advantage over us, there isn’t the slightest intention of leaving our universe masters alone. Now, we need to counterattack… It is almost impossible if we are intending to apprehend all the universe masters from both sides in one move. It is already very tough trying to apprehend the universe masters from one side, not to mention two sides.”

Luo Feng was worried sick. Universe masters within the camp of the united force of the three races were divided into three places. Empress Palace had 80, the vessel belonging to the demons had 16, and the black sphere of Father God of the automaton race had 16! Although Luo Feng and company were unable to determine an accurate number, those great beings were standing in easily observable spots like the edge of the hole’s opening or the edge of cabin doors, so it would be possible to come up with a rough estimate of their numbers.

Luo Feng had initially intended to wipe out all the universe masters of the opposing force that the two demon ancestors and Father God of automaton race were protecting. But now…

Through gritted teeth, Luo Feng transmitted his voice message. “I don’t care anymore. If this goes on, not only will we not win, but we might even suffer a crushing defeat. Counterattack!”


Chapter 1285: Ancient God Eye

In the space of the dark universe.

While the human team and the united forces alliance fought, great beings watched from a distance.

A purple-caped being stood in the space, and he saw the battlefield through the space and time in front of him. “I can’t believe there are more than 100 universe masters, and they’re this powerful. It seems that I need to learn from you, Northern Territory Alliance Master, and be an alliance master. At least I’ll have a group of universe masters to command.”

Ten billion kilometers away from the purple-caped being, an elder with a white beard said, “Do you want to be the alliance master, Shi Hua? Then I’ll give you the Northern Territory Alliance.”

Shi Hua Island Leader transmitted his voice to all the great beings around him. “You’re so generous, aren’t you? But I won’t seize what you have. Everyone, what do you think the result is?”

“I think the united forces alliance will win.”

“Even Ancestral God thinks the alliance will win? Then I’ll side with the united forces alliance as well.”

“It’s hard to say. Luo Feng got the inheritance from Duan Dong River, and the human team has two supreme true treasures. Who knows whether they have more true treasures or not? What do you think, old beast god?”

“I think the united forces alliance will win.”

“I thought you had a good relationship with the human race, old beast god!” someone screamed. A giant creature was flowing. “That human race can’t resist it anymore, yet you’re not doing anything to help. You’re so sneaky! I hate that.”

“What do you want to do? Fight me?”

“Do you think I’m scared of you?”

“Old beast god, E Zhou, why are you two fighting?”

“It has nothing to do with you, Virtual-Real. I just hate this old beast god!”

“Just keep quiet and watch first.”

“Sitting Mountain Guest is right. Just watch.”

“This is a very important war.”

The inheritance from Duan Dong River was very attractive. The universe supreme masters had all come here either by their original bodies or their avatars. They were all able to sense the space and time, and they could sense a very broad area. When the united forces alliance showed up in the human territory, they immediately sensed it. However, they all watched it from a distance, as they didn’t want to meddle.

Aside from those supreme masters, some universe masters had also come, like Prison King. However, they were relatively inferior and weren’t entitled to joining in the conversations among universe supreme masters.

“Something happened!”

“Wait!”

“The human race is turning the tables!”

The supreme masters and universe masters watching the fight were all thrilled.

The dark universe, the battlefield for the two teams.

“Counterattack!” Luo Feng ordered.

“Counterattack! Counterattack! Counterattack!” resounded the voice of Darkness Master in the ears of all the universe masters under Black Prison Tower.

They were all excited. They only knew there were three plans for counterattacks. However, they didn’t know the details. For what it was worth, they knew that the human race had a trump card, and it was time for them to show it now! Their will to fight was suddenly alight! Even those who had a hard time defending themselves were trying to look stable.

“Time to counterattack.”

“Time to counterattack.”

They were all trying their best to defend themselves. At the same time, they were also watching how the situation was changing.

In the area in front of Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master stood Dream Demon Ancestor, Shock Demon Ancestor, and Father God. They couldn’t have cared less about Luo Feng.

“Boat of Mausoleum.”

Luo Feng waved his hands, and Boat of Mausoleum appeared. It immediately bulged and stood in front of the united forces alliance. However, the united forces alliance ignored the boat, as they knew that it couldn’t do them any harm.

Suddenly, the crystal ball floating at the door bulged. It reached a diameter of 10 million kilometers, bracing the entire door. The halos on the crystal ball concentrated at a single point like a narrowing pupil! The pupil aimed right at Empress Palace. The crystal ball had a diameter of ten million kilometers, yet the pupil only had a diameter of 100,000 kilometers.

Hong!

The powerful mental force traveled in a straight line, slashing the sky and rocketing toward the universe masters beside the abyss of Empress Palace. The mental force traveled like a pillar of light, so it could only affect about ten universe masters.

Luo Feng didn’t want to attack those 80 universe masters all at once because the pupil could maintain its maximum power within the diameter of 100,000 kilometers. However, if it kept bulging, the area covered would be large, and the power would be weaker. 100,000 kilometers was the best area.

“Ah!” A towering universe master from automation race growled and groveled, trembling.

“No!”

Some universe masters groveled. Some lay down, and some fell, losing consciousness. The “mind shock” from Ancient God Eye was too strong, and within the dark universe, they weren’t far from each other in terms of proximity. Besides, Luo Feng had put Ancient God Eye near Empress Palace on purpose so that it could wield its maximum power.

Weng!

Ancient God Eye spun slowly and swept in various directions. Every time it pivoted, it was able to affect about ten universe masters. It turned a little bit, and it affected another ten universe masters.

It was a simple twist! The mental force storm circled around and affected all the universe masters under Empress Palace! Although the “mind shock” was directed away from the universe masters for a short period of time, it would take them a long while to recover.

It was a fatal circle! A portion of great beings from the bug race, the demon race, and the automaton race were among those 80 universe masters. However, most of them were subsidiary races. Besides, they had learned from their previous experience and had left behind some universe masters who had the best chance to become universe supreme masters at their miniature universes.

If it were a top-tier level-five being like Forbidden Master, they could have resisted it, as their minds had already reached universe-supreme-master level. However, only three out of the 80 universe masters had minds that were at the universe-supreme-master level. As for the others, they were either groveling or knocked unconscious.

This was catastrophic to the united races alliance. Suddenly, they had lost 77 universe masters, and there were only 35 universe masters attacking the human team… Even all of them combined couldn’t reach level seven.

The united races alliance had four universe supreme masters, so they had 40 universe masters in total. Which meant Ancient God Eye had eliminated half the fighting power of the entire alliance—from more than 160 universe masters to just around 80 universe masters! And the human race had more than 100 universe masters!

Hong! Hong!

Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master both performed their techniques.

The blade of light and the rod shadow swept across Empress Palace. The human team could have the power of the combination of 120 universe-master godly bodies—including Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master, whose power was at top-tier level six. Finally, the human team’s universe masters broke the energy domain and started the real counterattack.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

The universe masters from the human race started to attack Empress Palace!

“Swallowing!”

Darkness Master had been driving Black Prison Tower after the use of Ancient God Eye, and it finally started to work! 77 of the 80 universe masters fell, and all 80 universe masters—including those three who remained conscious—flew toward Black Prison Tower.

But just as they were being swallowed by Black Prison Tower, the human team started to attack them relentlessly!

“No!”

“How…?”

“Empress!”

The three top-tier beings of the subsidiary races were horrified. Those three alone weren’t able to escape the swallowing power of the supreme true treasure palace, and they weren’t able to resist the attacks from Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master, or the other human universe masters. The colorful forces, the thin blade of light, and the rod shadow all hit them.

Father God transmitted his voice. “Empress!”

“Empress! Protect them!” Shock Demon Ancestor roared, also transmitting his voice.

“Protect them!” Dream Demon Ancestor shouted, growing anxious as well.

The attack was so sudden that they didn’t have time to use their techniques to stop it. They could only place their hopes on Bug Empress—the last hope of the united forces alliance!

If dozens of universe masters were killed or swallowed, it would be a nightmare for them!


Chapter 1286: Nightmare

Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor were horrified by how the tables had turned!

“How is it possible? It shouldn’t be this strong!”

Neither Shock Demon Ancestor nor Dream Demon Ancestor could understand it. Although they had suffered a huge loss in the first battle against the humans, they hadn’t told the automaton race or the bug race about the valuable that had the “mind shock” power, as they had wanted to weaken they two races.

However, the bug race and the automaton race weren’t stupid! When they were distributing the universe masters, they firmly demanded that the great beings from the three races should be equally distributed at three places!

The ship under the protection of Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor, the black oval of Father God, and the Empress Palace all had universe masters from three races, so every power would suffer roughly the same, which could ensure the unity among the three races.

And then Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor found an excuse to mention the “mind shock.” The bug race Empress and Father God asked universe masters like Forbidden Master—who had survived the mind shock—and they had confirmed that only limit universe-master minds could resist it.

“There are 80 universe masters in Empress Palace. Although those who have the best chance to become universe supreme masters didn’t participate, three of them have the minds of universe supreme masters, and 11 of them have limit-universe-master minds. There are 16 godly bodies like that in total. Combined, they are able to rival two universe supreme masters, and the energy domain they form can easily resist the swallowing power from Black Prison Tower. Plus, they have the capacity to protect other universe masters as well! No matter how powerful the enemies are, Empress can still put them in the palace.”

This was the plan of the three races. However, the mind-shocking valuable was more powerful than last time, which was totally unexpected!

“I’ve never heard of mind-shocking valuables that can threaten universe masters. The human race got two of them? And the second one is more powerful than the first one?” Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor were shocked.

Bug Empress was anxious as well.

Bug Empress transmitted her voice. “Top-tier true treasure palaces! Pinnacle true treasure palaces! You three, get in the true treasure palaces first and get as many universe masters around you in there as possible. Quick!”

In the distance, Luo Feng was controlling Ancient God eye on Boat of Mausoleum. Ancient God Eye was close to Empress Palace, and it attacked the universe masters again and again, rendering them powerless.

“Palace.”

“Palace!”

The top three beings from the subsidiary race knew that even if the hid in the palaces, the palaces would be swallowed by Black Prison Tower. They immediately followed Bug Empress’s orders.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Three palaces showed up. Two of them were pinnacle palaces, and one was a top-tier palace.

“Quick, protect the other universe masters!” Bug Empress urged them.

“Come in!”

“Come in!”

The three powerful universe masters all enlarged their palace true treasures, and they tried to put all the universe masters in their palaces.

Bug Empress also acted. “Swallow!”

Bug Empress tried to swallow the universe masters from the human team before. Now, she changed her target and tried to swallow the 80 universe masters from the united forces alliance. The swallowing power worked on the three palaces and the universe masters floating around them.

Empress Palace and Black Prison Tower! It tried to swallow the 80 universe masters at the same time! The power immediately slowed the universe masters, while the three universe masters of other races also tried to fight. However, Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master, and other universe masters from the human team started to attack.

They were so close, and the human team had attacked too fast. Even if the three universe masters all took out their palace true treasures and put the floating universe masters in, they only managed to put in most of them. Some universe masters were still floating in the distance.

Hong! Long! Long!

The blade of light and the rod-shaped shadow swept across them.

The mental force of Ancient God Eye was still working. The universe masters who were floating in the sky didn’t even know that any danger was coming.

“No!” Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor roared.

“No!” Father God was also in agony, as one of the universe masters who died was from automaton race.

Hong!

A top-tier level-six universe master was able to kill a top-tier level-three universe master with one attack! And that was even when the top-tier level-three universe master used everything he could to resist the attacks. Now, when those universe masters were unconscious and unable to resist, even level-four great beings would be killed. The storm of attacks over level seven could kill even level-five great beings if they didn’t resist it.

22 godly bodies were annihilated immediately.

“22 godly bodies, 18 universe masters! Six of them have multiple bodies. Some of them lost one body, and some of them have two bodies. However, the other 12 universe masters lost their lives forever. 12 universe masters!”

The four universe supreme masters were all in agony.

Bug Empress and the other three conscious universe masters avoided being swallowed because they had the palaces to protect them.

The united forces alliance was furious. However, they were also relieved, as their worst nightmare was that all the universe masters would be swallowed.

“Plan number three!” Luo Feng transmitted his voice.

“Plan number three!” Darkness Master also gave an order in Black Prison Tower.

The human universe masters and the universe masters of other races on the human team were all excited. What had just happened was amazing! They had killed 22 universe master bodies in total, and they presumed that at least ten were dead, even if some had multiple bodies.

But this was only the first step of the counterattack.

“Plan number three, attack!”

“Attack!”

“Attack!”

The universe masters started to attack Father God and the two demon ancestors. Half of the attacks were aimed at Father God! The other half was aimed at the two demon ancestors!

“Humans are so arrogant!” Shock Demon Ancestor roared.

“Humans should die!”

Universe masters from the united forces alliance were standing at the door of the spaceship and the black oval. They were all enraged and were counterattacking the humans as well. However, they were careful, remaining close by universe supreme masters.

Ancient God Eye kept sweeping across the three palaces flying toward Empress Palace so that the 62 universe masters weren’t able to wield their real power! After all, the 62 universe masters were the central power of the united forces alliance. If Ancient God Eye left, the power would be fully utilized again! That was why they had to be suppressed!

The human team kept attacking the automaton race and the demon race. Ancient God Eye suppressed the 62 universe masters. At the same time, Luo Feng and Peng Gong Master started to move.

“Capture!”

Luo Feng stood in space, and a giant being appeared beside him. It was a golden horned beast with scaled black wings! There were two blood stains on the black wings. (The white wing was an exceptionally advanced supreme true treasure, so it can change its color easily).

Luo Feng, Golden Horned Beast, and Peng Gong Master attacked at the same time!

“Duan Mie!” Golden Horned Beast roared.

This was the first time that he had performed Duan Mie, one of the core techniques from Duan Dong River. Although he had created Nirvana Incarnation, the power of the white wing was still inferior to Blood Shadow Blade, even if it was better than ordinary supreme true treasures.

Golden Horned Beast could barely reach level six without Duan Mie. However, after performing it, it could reach top-tier level six instantly!

The blade of light was thin at the beginning, and it became thicker and thicker, sweeping across the sky and land. The other streak of bloody light followed almost the same trajectory.

It was a combination of three top-tier level-six powers! Together with the attacks from the other 50 universe masters, they all fell on Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor.

“You can’t even harm me.”

“Humans!”

Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor weren’t scared, despite being surprised by the power of this golden horned beast.

Shock Demon Ancestor became very cautious; he had learned a lesson before. He immediately transmitted his voice to the universe masters between him and Dream Demon Ancestor, saying, “Get into the ship.”

At the same time…

Hong! Long!

An enormous object showed up.

A tall tower showed up. There were nine levels. It was more than 100 billion kilometers tall, and it kept surging. There was an abyss under the tower, and a drop of godly blood was stuck to the abyss.

“Star Tower!”

“The humans have Star Tower!”

Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor were both dazed. Under the combined attacks from the 50 universe masters and three top-tier level-six power, even Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor bounced away. Under this situation, Star Tower’s appearance was catastrophic for them.

“No!” Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor both roared. “Star Tower!”

“No!” Father God and Bug Empress were also anxious.

Luo Feng and Golden Horned Beast, who were making attacks, both said, “Swallow!”

Their godly power and minds were driving Star Tower!

This was the first time that Star Tower had appeared.

Hong!

The pinnacle true treasure ship immediately flew toward the abyss under Star Tower. Some universe masters tried to fly out, but they were swallowed immediately after flying out.


Chapter 1287: The Three Races Were Defeated

To the united force of the three races, there was a sudden twist of events on the battlefield.

Indeed, it was disastrous for them. The humans’ counterattack consisted of a series of repeated attacks, putting their force at an advantageous position. The united forces of the three races were about to suffer a crushing defeat!

Ancient God Eye appeared suddenly to suppress the most powerful troop within the united force of the three races—the combined troop of 80 universe masters.

The combined attack by over 50 godly bodies, all of whom had powers at a universe master level, was enough to send the entire force on Father God’s side flying back. They were driven to immediate retreat without being able to render help to the two demon ancestors at all!

Golden horned beast body suddenly appeared! Shortly after, it joined Luo Feng’s original body, Peng Gong, and more than 50 godly bodies. The resulting attack sent Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor flying into the distance right away.

At the most critical moment, Star Tower finally appeared! It was executing its ability to “swallow and suppress.” Originally, the 16 universe masters—who, in fact, had a total of 18 godly bodies—had been hiding within the vessel. With their powers combined, they could resist the suction force of Star Tower. However, at the deepest area of the black hole of the deep abyss within Star Tower, there was still a drop of godly blood!

For this war, the most important troop within the united force of the three races was the one consisting of 80 universe masters in Empress Palace. To prevent accidents from happening, almost all of those with the willpower of top-tier universe masters and universe supreme masters were included in this troop of 80 universe masters. This was the reason why, out of the 16 universe masters within the vessel that Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor were protecting, only one had the willpower at the ultimate limit of a universe master. The rest were not up to this standard.

So, in the face of an impact by that “godly blood,” as many as half the members of their troop were knocked unconscious on the spot. Three went weak at the knees. Only one managed to resist the impact of that willpower and continued to stay awake! But only one managed to unleash an outburst of his normal combat power. How was he able to resist the suction of Star Tower at the same time?

Even if this vessel, which belonged to Shock Demon Ancestor, was manipulated by him from afar, there was no way he could put up a resistance concurrently. After all, even if Shock Demon Ancestor had control over one palace supreme true treasure, when pitted against Luo Feng’s Star Tower, it would, at most, be equivalent to Star Tower. He was merely able to control this pinnacle true treasure palace, so there was naturally no way he could put up any resistance.

“No.”

“No, Demon Ancestor.” The cabin doors opened, and two figures flew out. They wanted to escape, yet they felt like a small wooden boat that had fallen into a vast ocean whirlpool. No matter how they struggled, they could not resist the gravitational force at all.

Hong!

Everything was sucked into the Star Tower, including the vessel that was a pinnacle true treasure palace—and the two universe masters who had flown out.

Silence returned.

Far away, in the void space of the dark universe, there were numerous universe supreme masters either in their original bodies or their avatars. There were also universe masters deployed by various groups, some of whom were acquaintances who were familiar with one another and were chatting or exchanging their views when they met up. However, the moment they saw that the tables were turned and the situation was worsening, they were completely shocked.

The situation had been reversed. And it was a major reversal!

The united force of the three races was banished to the bottomless deep abyss! They had lost! A crushing defeat!

“They actually lost!” Out of the numerous universe supreme masters who were scattered all over, Sitting Mountain Guest, who sat cross-legged on the cyan mountain peak, registered a shocked expression on his face as he sighed and lamented, “How surprising. So surprising.”

“Lost? The united force of the three races actually lost?” The purple-robed figure also lamented with a sigh. “The situation is going to become troublesome. The united force of the three races has suffered a great loss this time. They have lost too many universe masters. Indeed, this is a disaster. And the human force owns a true treasure possessing impactful willpower. This will deprive the group of universe masters of the united force of any possible grounds of unleashing their power. Without the help of that group of universe masters, the four universe supreme masters alone will definitely not be enough to fight the entire human force.”

The old beast god shook his head with a sigh. “Hopeless. The united force of the three races has been defeated. It is impossible for them to even try to struggle.”

What a devastating defeat.

The huge, winding black monster let out a piercing voice. “Many have died. Haha! Shock Horn and Dream Tea, that pair of bastards. The demons should have known that working with them would eventually lead to their downfall.”

A ball of flame let out a voice. “Lost. They have lost to the impactful willpower of that true treasure within the human force.”

“Right, that true treasure with its impactful willpower.”

“That true treasure was the reason the situation was reversed. The troop consisted of universe masters with the strongest powers, and yet, they were all rendered useless by that true treasure.”

The numerous universe supreme masters were all sighing.

“Just what kind of a true treasure is that?”

“We are too far away, and the power within the battlefield is under too much fluctuation. There is no way we can get a clear view. And the impact of willpower is intangible. There is no way to judge what kind of true treasure is causing it. But… judging from the reaction of the group of universe masters of the united force of the three races, they must have met with the impact of that willpower.”

“Hasn’t anyone noticed Star Tower?”

“Star Tower!”

“Of course, I see it. It’s just that I had not expected it to be in the hands of the human race. And it seems like Luo Feng is the one controlling it!”

“Oh, Star Tower. Previously, we all have tried our best, but no one was able to control it. Who would have expected that it would fall into Luo Feng’s hands?”

The numerous universe supreme masters started lamenting and shaking their heads amidst sighs. The power of Star Tower was undoubtedly extremely strong. The only problem was, in the past, no one was able to get it to recognize them as its master.

Such a supreme true treasure. A palace type, indeed. Such palace type true treasures were extremely rare, to start with! In the entire primal universe, with all the universe supreme masters put together, those who owned a palace supreme true treasure might add up to only two! Yet, in this war, the humans first presented Black Prison Tower, which had originally belonged to East Emperor Holy Land. Then, they revealed that they had Star Tower, a true treasure that had previously recognized no master.

“The human force is so powerful. They have such a big group of universe masters! And… they have a rod type attack supreme true treasure and two palace supreme true treasures! Especially that Luo Feng. That Luo Feng in his original human body, together with his golden horned beast body! Both with combat power at sixth tier as the top level! I have long heard of him having a beast body, and he also has that Mosha body that previously made an appearance. Come to think of it, it may be because he seized his golden horned beast body from his winnings. Thus, he was able to subsequently divide himself into three different bodies! Both the original body and the other body are able to unleash an outburst of combat power at the sixth-tier level.”

“True, that Luo Feng’s human original body and that other golden horned beast body are both capable of unleashing combat powers at the sixth-tier as the top level. Could it be that his blade and that pair of wings are both supreme true treasures, too? This is… too many treasures.

“This Luo Feng has actually received the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River. He has met with such a great opportunity that you can never envy enough. It might not necessarily be a supreme true treasure. He has previously broken through the basic inheritance of the blade and seized the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River! Based on the information I know… previously, when he broke through the basic inheritance, he was already able to create a secret technique at the level of a universe supreme master. Judging by his blade technique, I supposed his blade technique is also already at the level of a universe supreme master.”

For ordinary universe masters to show power at the sixth tier, they would need to rely on their godly power. A godly power of 10,000 times of life genes would activate the secret engravings on their supreme true treasures, which would allow them to execute the secret technique at the level of a universe supreme master.

And Luo Feng… Even without the help of a supreme true treasure, he could already execute a secret technique at the level of a universe supreme master, which was his own creation! If he really was a universe master with 10,000 times life genes… even without a supreme true treasure, so long as he executed Nirvana Renaissance, he could still achieve an outburst of combat power at the level of the sixth tier as the top. His only disadvantage was that his godly power was a notch weaker.

Theoretically, his ability was only at a fifth-tier top level. Relying on Blood Ghost Blade, he managed to make it to the sixth tier as the top level. Relying on the white pair of wings, he barely made it to the sixth tier, so he needed to execute Extermination to achieve an outburst of power at a sixth tier as the top level.

“Old Beast God… That Luo Feng has a golden horned beast body. Why aren’t you showing any reaction to it?”

“Since this golden horned beast that he won could allow him to cultivate another body, it also means that this golden horned beast has yet to become undying. My Space Beast Alliance… those space beasts who are weaker are destined to live their lives wandering about the universe. Be it life or death, their fate lies within their control.” The old Beast God said this in a leisure tone.

“I’m leaving!”

“This war is over!”

“Let’s go.”

“I had initially pinned my hopes on the united force of the three races to save us some effort. It seems like they are still not up to it. Now, it’s time for me to start preparing well.”

The numerous universe supreme masters went still for a moment. Shortly after, they all left the dark universe. Those universe masters who were secretly observing the situation from afar also started to leave one by one.

After Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor were blown off in the air, they were fast in returning without delay, but they were still too late.

“Humans!” Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor yelled and roared. They were extremely angry.

“They all deserve to die!” Father God of the automaton race was also extremely angry.

“Loathsome, detestable humans! Revolting.” Empress appeared outside her palace that in the distance. Her face also registered rage.

The four universe supreme masters of the three races were indeed at the apex of their anger.

Buzz!

Hovering in a horizontal manner amidst the void space by the cabin doors of the Boat of Mausoleum was none other than Ancient God Eye. It was still sweeping the surroundings repeatedly, as it consistently maintained a sharp eye that was directed at Empress Palace. The moment that group of 62 universe masters dared to step foot out of Empress Palace, they would be in danger of being swept under the impact of the willpower of this Ancient God Eye.

“Hahaha…” Luo Feng laughed heartily.

In midair, the huge, lofty Star Tower rapidly shrunk and directly landed on the golden horned beast’s back. Golden horned beast carried Star Tower on its back. Beside it was Luo Feng with his silver wings widespread. Further down the row was Peng Gong Master, who was holding onto Yan Jun Rod, and from afar, Black Prison Tower was making its way over. Behind them all was the massive Boat of Mausoleum whose length spanned a distance of ten billion kilometers.

“Do you all still want to go on with another round of battle?” Luo Feng shouted.

“Demons, bug clan, automaton race!” Peng Gong Master also shouted out. “If you three races still want to go on for another round, we are most willing to oblige.”

The united forces of the three races were so angry that they were on the verge of going crazy. But looking at Black Prison Tower, then looking over to Star Tower being carried on the back of that golden horned beast, these were two palace type true treasures they were talking about! Besides—those who had some prior bits of information could easily deduce that that golden horned beast body was likely Luo Feng’s other body.

Luo Feng’s original body and other bodies were all equipped with combat power at a sixth tier as the top level! This was the same as Peng Gong’s combat power! In terms of the sixth tier as the top level combat power, the human race fared pretty well.

Besides, it also had a large troop of universe masters. And a treasure with impactful willpower that could suppress the power of the opposing united force of three races, so that they could not unleash their full potential. And the human race also had two palace type supreme true treasures!

“Humans, you won only because you had supreme true treasures!” Shock Demon Ancestor bellowed. “That’s about it!” He was, certainly, at the apex of his rage.

“Hahaha! What a great joke.”

Luo Feng held out his left hand, and Star Tower, which was beside him, flew right to the middle of his palm where it remained suspended in the air. Luo Feng laughed with gaiety as he said, “Being able to seize supreme true treasures is also an ability! Just like the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, within the entire Universe Ocean, who would not have heard about it… Everyone obviously came for it, but I, Luo Feng, was the one who won it. This is what we call an ability. Don’t be such a bad sport! If not for Father God of the automaton race who hid himself in that black sphere and refused to come out. It must have been afraid that the group of universe masters under its protection would be sucked over by us humans once and for all.”


Chapter 1288: Practice

The human team had come up with many plans before the war regarding how powerful the humans were, relative to the united forces alliance. When they were fighting, the human team immediately realized how powerful the united forces alliance was, and the human team was at a disadvantage. The human race tried to keep showing their weakness so that the real body of Father God would come out.

However, universe masters led by Darkness Master couldn’t resist the attacks for long. If they kept displaying their weaknesses, they might be crushed. That was why Luo Feng decided to counterattack!

“That’s their plan!”

The united forces alliance was terrified. Father God was also scared. They had been at an absolute advantage at first. He did, indeed, want to emerge and fight the human team in close quarters, as that way, he could wield more power. As for Luo Feng, he was afraid that the universe masters of his own team wouldn’t be able to resist the attacks much longer, which was why they had enacted the backup plan so soon.

“Humph! Why are you so smug?” Father God shouted. “You just got the strange valuable by luck. Without that strange valuable, you would definitely have lost!”

Luo Feng held Star Tower, standing in the space of the dark universe and shaking his head.

Peng Gong Master shouted, “How big of a loser are you to search for excuses for losing the war? You don’t have the demeanor of a universe supreme master, Father God. I despise you.”

The two teams stood in the area, yet neither team was willing to back down from the dispute. However, neither of them was fighting. The human race realized that only universe supreme masters were outside the palaces, so they couldn’t kill them. As for the united forces alliance, they knew that they would be totally crushed if they kept fighting!

“Shock Demon Ancestor, Dream Demon Ancestor, Father God, and Bug Empress,” shouted Luo Feng. He glanced at the three powers in the distance. “Some universe masters of your races are kept in my Star Tower. Do you want them back?”

“Of course, we do,” said the black oval.

Both the silver snake and the sawtooth-shelled strange beast looked at Luo Feng, and so did Bug Empress.

The voice of Bug Empress sounded seductive, despite the fact that she did not intend it to; she had been born that way. “Name your price,” she said.

“It’s simple,” Luo Feng said. “For the next era, the universe masters and universe supreme masters can’t enter the human territory. If you can do that, I’ll give you back all the universe masters detained, as well as their true treasures.”

“This is the only requirement,” said Peng Gong Master. “Do you agree?”

Luo Feng gazed at the supreme masters from the three-race alliance. He was well aware that winning the fight against the united forces alliance greatly improved the humans’ circumstances. However, if those neutral powers and lone universe supreme masters attacked them, it would be a nightmare for the humans.

If they could keep the united forces alliance out of the war by holding some universe masters hostage, their situation would be much more advantageous.

The four supreme masters transmitted their voices to converse with each other.

“We’ve already risked everything for this war!” said Father God. “After this fight, I now realize we alone will not be enough. Those powers who wanted us and the human team to suffer great losses will definitely pick a side in the future. We should wait until those powers act. After that, we’ll join again. With our combined powers, it’ll be easy to get some inheritances!”

“That’s right. We’ve come so far, so there’s no way for us to back down!” said Dream Demon Ancestor.

“Those who have the best chance to become universe supreme masters are all living in the miniature universes,” said Shock Demon Ancestor. “Even though there will be a loss of universe masters, most of them are of other races.”

“I agree,” said Bug Empress.

They reached a consensus immediately. Compared to the inheritance, the losses they would suffer were bearable! After all, they had come prepared for losses.

Golden Horned Beast, Luo Feng, and Peng Gong Master stood side by side in space, waiting for a response.

“Do you really expect us to compromise after you have killed so many great beings of ours?” said Father God angrily. “We’ll let you win this time, but you’ll regret it soon enough!”

“It seems they’ve rejected the deal.” Luo Feng strolled along with Star Tower in his hand. “You’re sending these universe masters to their death. Shock Demon Ancestor and Dream Demon Ancestor, I told you last time that you would suffer greater losses. Next time, you won’t be able to negotiate.”

“Negotiate? Next time, you humans will be annihilated.”

“Go!”

“Go!”

The united forces alliance disappeared from the dark universe without saying more.

Darkness Master stepped out of Black Prison Tower.

Peng Gong Master clenched his teeth. “Those bastards.”

“The united forces alliance will return again!” Darkness Master also looked anxious. “Besides, many more will come next time. The united forces alliance is not giving up.”

“Of course, they won’t give up!” said Luo Feng coldly. “The opportunity to transcend incarnations is invaluable. Besides, most of the universe masters we captured are from other races. Even though they’ll be upset by the losses, it’s acceptable to them.”

“For what it’s worth, we’ve won big time,” said Darkness Master. “Let’s go back first.”

“Okay.”

“Okay.”

Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master, and Golden Horned Beast flew back to Boat of Mausoleum, and Darkness Master flew back to Black Prison Tower.

Boat of Mausoleum and Black Prison Tower left the dark universe and went back to the original universe, rushing to the primal secret region.

Inside Star Tower, the 16 universe masters from the united forces alliance were separated. Two were from demon race, one was from the automaton race, and one was from the bug race. As for the others, they were all from other races! Only 20 universe masters were actually from the three races of the united forces alliance, while a total of 112 universe masters had participated. The others were all from the subsidiary races and other races.

Only a small portion of them were actually from the three races. As for the 16 universe masters detained, four were from the three races, so the percentage was already relatively high. Those four were detained in a sealed space, while the other 12 were detained together in a different area.

A voice was transmitted into Star Tower. “Do you really expect us to compromise after you have killed so many great beings of ours?”

“It seems they’ve rejected the deal.”

The negotiation was transmitted in.

“Damn it! Bastards.”

“Those goddamn bastards!”

“They’re willing to let us die just for their own ambitions!”

The four great beings from the three races were calm, yet the other 12 universe masters of other races cried with outrage. They were all from weak races. Some of them were actually the only universe master in their races. What would happen to their races if they died?

Although the united forces alliance had made a promise to them as to what they would do if the universe masters died it was very easy for a race to be bullied if it had no universe masters. Even if the demon race, the automaton race, and the bug race could help them, the three races couldn’t do anything once other pinnacle races, like the prison race, decided to annihilate them. The most they could do was save some lives to allow the race to continue breeding.

The 12 universe masters of other races swore in anger. As for the other four, they were angry, but they had to obey the universe supreme masters.

Only three of the universe masters had multiple bodies, but they were not ready to self-destruct yet, as they were still waiting for a chance to get out. After all, they didn’t want to give up their bodies and true treasures so easily.

It was pure rapture in the main palace of Primal Chaos City.

Primal Chaos City Leader stood on the stage of the main palace and looked down at the universe masters, excited. “Universe masters, congratulations. Thank you for all your contributions. Thank you all! The three-race alliance was indeed formidable, but they were still defeated! To the glory of the humans, the glory of the Hong Alliance, and the glory of every one of you! Let’s drink up!”

Everyone was cheerful. Those universe masters who had been anxious before were all exhilarated. Even Primal Chaos City Leader was elated. As for Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master, they temporarily forgot about the united forces alliance’s unwillingness to compromise and celebrated the victory.

Soon, the universe masters started to talk with each other, and Luo Feng was the one who received the most attention.

After a long while, Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader walked out of the main palace.

“They didn’t agree?” asked Primal Chaos City Leader.

Luo Feng shook his head. “It not unexpected. Those four old fellows have great ambitions. However, we need to enact another plan.”

“Okay.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “It may be less ideal than their compromise, but it can still empower us.”

Another plan was to drive a wedge between them!

Most universe masters in the united forces alliance were from other races. They didn’t hold absolute loyalty to the three races, and they certainly weren’t about to die for them. That was why Luo Feng had purposefully allowed the conversation during the negotiations to be transmitted into Star Tower.

“They all have avatars in their own races and avatars in the central region of the united races alliance,” said Primal Chaos City Leader slowly. “They originally came from lesser powers, especially those with only two or three universe masters. You can certainly draw them to our side.”

Luo Feng nodded. “Yes. We can at least draw some of them to our side so the united forces alliance will be weaker, and we’ll be stronger. I’ll go to Star Tower now. I’ll persuade them to surrender and try to draw some lesser powers to our side.”

“How about the universe masters from the three races?” asked Primal Chaos City Leader?

“I’ll kill them, of course.” Luo Feng smirked. “It’s protocol.”

After all, only when Luo Feng killed a universe master would Sitting Mountain Guest made him a true treasure.


Chapter 1289: Meeting

“Rest assured, Milky Way Horde Leader. After this battle, some of the idle races will definitely change their minds,” resounded the voice of a universe master who had an upper body reminiscent of a human with tentacles as legs. “The unity within the united forces alliance isn’t strong, and now that the alliance has lost, some will choose to leave. The alliance won’t stop them from leaving unless they want all the other races to rebel. When our race leaves the alliance, we’ll join the Hong Alliance.”

“Wonderful!” Luo Feng smiled and nodded. “If you join the Hong Alliance, we’ll give you some experience from the ancient civilization on how to train yourselves to become universe supreme masters, no matter how the war ends. However, I can’t let you go yet. I need Qu Dark Master from your race to come to use first before we let you go.” Luo Feng made a promise.

“I understand,” answered the universe master with a lower body like an octopus.

Of course, he had to say yes. He was kept in Star Tower, and his life was in the hands of Milky Way Horde Leader.

Luo Feng leaned against the railing and looked down at Thousand Treasures River. Although many universe masters had agreed to help the humans during his conversations, he realized that it couldn’t actually help much with the situation the human race was facing. However, the human race had to get all the help it could.

“This war was only a rehearsal. The real war hasn’t begun yet.”

Luo Feng felt the pressure, and he looked out into the endless space. The storm was coming—a storm that would sweep across the entire original universe!

The alliance’s loss carried strong implications.

To the humans, it was both good and bad. The bad side was that the enemies now realized how dangerous and threatening the humans were! However, the good side trumped the bad side. After all, those neutral powers would come to humans!

Demon race territory, an ordinary planet Blood Tooth Star.

This had been where an undying fighter from the demon race lived, but now, it was where the six powers of the united forces alliance talked about business.

On the beautiful plain, six minds condensed into avatars. They were Dream Demon Ancestor, Shock Demon Ancestor, Bug Empress, Father God, Devil Ancestor, and Holy Master. These six universe supreme masters represented five superpowers of the original universe.

“Why isn’t the Northern Territory Alliance here yet?” Devil Ancestor’s tail surrounded all the supreme masters, and his red eyes were glaring.

“Our minds travel faster,” said Shock Demon Ancestor. “Those from the Northern Territory Alliance need god country transportation and teleportation. We need to wait.”

“After all, that alliance master doesn’t make the decision, but the universe masters do,” said Holy Master from Crystal race. “Here they come.”

They could feel great beings teleporting themselves to this planet.

Weng! Weng! Weng!

Three beings arrived.

“The other five forces have already arrived? We’re a bit late.” The leader of the three beings looked like a crystal. He was Star River Master.

Star River Master was the most powerful being in the Northern Territory Alliance, and he usually appeared as a dark shadow usually. However, since he was currently meeting the six supreme masters, he showed his true body.

“Star River Master, Black Lotus Master, and Liu Lan Star Master,” said Father God. “This is the first time I have seen you all appear together.”

“Lots of powers are involved already. How can we not show up?” said Black Lotus Master, a being with a flower-like head.

All three universe masters were out of the ordinary. The Northern Territory Alliance was a super alliance comprised of many various races, and there were around 100 universe masters in the alliance. After all, even an elite alliance like the Hong Alliance had around 40 universe masters, so one could imagine how many universe masters a giant alliance like the Northern Territory had.

As for the alliance master, he was just there for mutual help. Star River Master, Black Lotus Master, and Liu Lan Star Master were the truly influential ones!

Black Lotus Master represented the six plant life forms within Northern Territory Alliance. As for Liu Lan Star Master, he represented the most powerful clan in the Northern Territory Alliance, the Liu Lan clan. Star River Master, although he was a special life form, was good at turning back time to save lives, and he had saved lots of universe knights using his power. He was to Northern Territory Alliance what Primal Chaos City Leader was to the human race. He was just and respected by many lesser races, and he represented the alliance of special life forms and lesser races.

They represented the three major streams in the Northern Territory Alliance, so if they agreed, it meant 95 percent of the members in the Northern Territory Alliance agreed. This was how a loose alliance operated; the unity wasn’t as strong as that within the human race or the demon race…

“Now that everyone has arrived, let’s begin,” said Shock Demon Ancestor. “Everyone knows that we lost the previous fight against the humans. Luo Feng gained a lot from Duan Dong River, and we can already see how much it contributes to the human race. That mind-shock valuable and Black Prison Tower… The human race didn’t have either of those before!”

“That’s right. Nobody had a mind-shock valuable before. As for black-striped stone pillars, they’re strange objects that can’t be moved.”

“The human race is indeed much more powerful.”

“The human race received a lot from the Duan Dong River inheritance.”

While they were chatting, Father God suddenly said, “Those don’t matter!”

The other five universe supreme masters and three universe masters looked at him.

“Inheritance! The important thing is the experience!” said Father God slowly. “With the experience, there might be more universe supreme masters born from the human race! The Divine Eye clan had seven, and with that inheritance, there might be more than ten born from the human race! The Divine Eye clan roamed the original universe during the first universe era and occupied lots of territories. When the human race flourishes, they will occupy more territories, and there will be more life forms, geniuses, and great beings born. It’s a cycle. The power of the human race will keep surging. Imagine the Divine Eye clan being three times as strong!”

Three times as strong? Everyone went quiet.

The seven supreme masters from the Divine Eye clan occupied a large territory in the first universe era. Three times stronger? 21 universe supreme masters? Three times the territory?

“Then all the territories of the five pinnacle races combined aren’t enough.” Devil Master was wicked and angry. “No! I can’t allow it to happen.”

“There are only a certain number of lives that can be born in the original universe! If the humans become stronger, the other races will get weaker,” said Father God. “I didn’t think the humans were such a great threat before. However, the humans defeated the united forces alliance shortly after gaining the inheritance. If we allow them to prosper like that, all the powers in the original universe combined won’t be enough to defeat the humans! After that, the human race will be the only superpower in the universe.”

“That’s right.”

“They’re too powerful.”

Even Star River Master said, “We can’t let that happen.”

The six powers reached a consensus. Their territories were their foundation, and if the humans kept getting stronger, their territories would keep getting weaker.

“The six powers…” said Bug Empress. “It’s easy for us to form an alliance, as we all occupy the most important and broadest territories in the original universe, but it’s different for the other powers. The Ancestral God School, for instance, is an alliance of lots of special life forms, and their only domain is that Ancestral God Secret Region, so they don’t have any conflicts with the humans. As for the Space Beast Alliance, they don’t need a large territory, as the small space beasts all go vagabonding through the universe before they become undying. Those lone universe supreme masters don’t need territories, either.”

“That’s right.”

“Territories are what bring us together. As for the lone universe supreme masters, The Space Beast Alliance, and the Ancestral God School, they don’t care about it. They care more about the inheritance regarding incarnation transcendence! If the humans try to persuade them to join them, they might agree.”

“We must align with all the powers we possibly can—even the lone universe supreme masters, the Ancestral God School, and the Space Best Alliance. I don’t think the humans will actually tell them how to transcend incarnations.”

“Besides… The biggest power in the original universe isn’t any of the nine superpowers. It’s not the lone universe supreme masters; rather, it’s the combination of those idle races distributed throughout the original universe. Some powerful ones have one or two universe masters, and all of them combined make up hundreds of universe masters. We need to get as many of them on our side as possible.”

Although Ancient God Eye was a real threat, a trump card worked best only when it was not exposed. Now that everyone knew about it, however, they were coming up with methods to minimize its harm.

“The billions of races are all weak. However, all of them combined represent a very large territory in total. If the humans expand their territory in the future, they’ll be annihilated as well. We can draw lots of idle races to our side.”

The six powers kept discussing with each other. They were trying everything to strengthen their power and weaken the humans’ power.


Chapter 1290: Turbulent Dark Flow

Light rays from the glowing Gemini Star far in the distance penetrated the clouds to shine upon Earth. This gave a beautiful orange hue to the layer of clouds.

The land beneath was occupied by many green-skinned life forms of the Yan Ya race. The Yan Ya race was composed of blood and flesh life-forms. They had the lower bodies of wild, four-hoofed beasts, but their upper bodies resembled humans, other than the fact that they had four arms instead of two. They were born to be lovers of peace, but the moment they got angry, they would become crazed warriors.

Peace! Tranquility! Happiness! These were the main tones of life on the planet occupied by the Yan Ya race.

In a little, elegant, wooden building, a Yan Ya lady kneeled on her four-hooved legs, looking around in a leisurely manner.

Hong!

A streak of light suddenly fell from the sky above and landed right before her. A burly figure took form. His entire body seemed to be made of metal, and he wore purple armor. With his icy eyes, he looked at the Yan Ya lady who was kneeling and said, “Yan Ya Master!”

The Yan Ya lady revealed a hint of a smile and replied, “Balance String of the automaton race. My friend, what brings you here? Such a rare sight.”

“The fate of your Yan Ya race is implicated, too. This involves the rise and fall of your Yan Ya race. You and I have pulled each other through life-and-death experiences in Universe Ocean before. How could I not notify you the moment I hear of this?” Balance String Master made himself at home.

“The fate of my race?” The Yan Ya lady looked at Balance String Master.

“My automaton race, the bug clan, and the demons have jointly formed a united force of the three races,” Balance String Master said. “We were involved in crossfire with the human camp. You must have heard about it.”

The Yan Ya lady smiled and said, “Of course, I have heard about it. The news spread extensively throughout the entire primal universe. For any universe master to not know anything about it would be a rare sight. Crossfire between the united force of the three races and the human camp, and ultimately, the three races were defeated… This was such shocking news that many other races were in disbelief when they caught wind of it. Come, try some of this green fruit wine that is brewed by my people.”

With a wave, a wine glass appeared and floated before the two of them. The wine glass had both height and depth. The wine it contained was faintly green and emanated a flurry of aromas. A dark gray, exquisitely sculptured flagon appeared on the ground beside them.

Balance String Master got hold of the wine glass and, in a solemn tone, said, “The humans have the inheritance of an ancient civilization. They just obtained it, but they are already so powerful. If we allow them more time… they will develop into a race that is more terrifying than the Divine Eye clan of the first reincarnation era. That’s for sure. If they can already defeat the united force of the three races, what will happen in the future? I’m afraid that even if the major groups of powers within the primal universe combine forces, they will still not be a match for the humans. Once the humans become that strong, how could they not try to expand? As you know, the human race is quite invasive.”

The Yan Ya lady gave small nods. True. In fact, all six pinnacle races —the bug clan, the demons, the automaton race, the human race, the prison clan, and the crystal clan—were extremely invasive and aggressive! The laws of reproduction for these races were related to their strength and the amount of territory they could possess. The stronger a race, the more territory it could occupy.

“In the primal universe, who occupies the greatest territory?” Balance String Master continued. “Not any of us, the various pinnacle races, but you: the billions of scattered races. Individually, you are all weak, and your lands are small, but when everything is totaled up, you all own a vast chunk of territory. If the humans truly become powerful and invincible, do you think they will let you all off? This war is not only a battle for the inheritance of an ancient civilization; it is also a battle of survival for you and us, the countless other races!”

The Yan Ya lady stared at Balance String Master. “The humans have their original universe. No matter what, there is no way we can exterminate them all.”

“Yes, we are unable to exterminate them,” Balance String Master said. “A race with universe supreme masters is blessed with a fate freed from extermination, but… even if we cannot exterminate them all, we can still suppress them. We can hold their universe masters captive as though they are our reward. Or, even if we are unable to capture them, we can at least take over their territories and force them to retreat into that original universe of theirs.

“Hiding in a small universe and being suppressed by the major groups of powers in the primal universe… The other major powers in the Universe Ocean will be coveting the same thing. They will also be threatening the humans to hand over the inheritance! In this way, the human race will not be able to advance a single step. They will not dare to let the weaker ones out into the field to hone their skills via life-and-death situations because they are no longer training or honing their skills through life and death experiences… If the weaker ones are sent into the field, they are going to die—without a doubt! The moment humans appear in the primal universe, or within Universe Ocean, they will be besieged and captured! They will then be treated as the bargaining chips of the various top powers during their negotiations with the humans.

“If that is the case, then no one human can truly rise up and beyond. It will only be the same select few of them: Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, and a few others, who can wander around and escape for survival whenever they need to. But just the few of them. Even if there are a few more supreme masters added, what good does it do for the various top powers? If they are trapped in one place without being able to breed more people and talents, then the human race will be destined to wield limited power… They will no longer be a threat to us!”

Balance String Master looked at Yan Ya Master. “This is why some of us—races who own territory—must fight the humans in this war or make them hand over the inheritance or even suppress them so they cannot execute their power! As for the supreme masters who travel alone, in the future, even if the humans get more powerful, there is nothing for them to fear. But this might mean that in the future, they may have no chance to threaten the humans into handing over the inheritance, which is why, if they want to transcend reincarnation, they need to grab hold of this opportunity!”

“In short,” Balance String Master said solemnly, “be it supreme masters who travel alone or the various races like us who have territories, everyone will be laying siege on the humans. Our automaton race, the bug clan, the demons, the prison clan, the crystal clan, and the Northern Territory Alliance—even the various scattered groups of powers—have all started to join alliances. I believe, if you probe around, you will learn more. If you do not join anyone, you will be ostracized! This time around, if you join a camp, then surely, it will form a highly beneficial interest… You should know. You should know what to do.”

Yan Ya Master frowned and said, “Actually, the human race has already sent an envoy to speak with me.”

“An envoy from the human race?” Balance String King was shocked. So fast!

“They said, so long as we do not get involved, they promise never to invade our lands,” Yan Ya Master said.

Actually, she had refrained from saying something: If the Yan Ya race joined the human camp, the humans would share information on the experiences of the ancient civilization about how universe masters could cultivate to become universe supreme masters.

“And you believe them?” Balance String Master snorted. “This time around, the war has swept across the whole primal universe. You are my friend, so I shall tell you outright. If you do not take any side at all… when this war is over, your race will come to a most tragic end. And unquestionably, the united force camp consisting of major groups of powers is bound for victory.” Balance String Master held the wine glass in his hand. “To join the victorious party or the losing one—the decision lies with you, Yan Ya Master.”

Then he tilted his head backward and downed the glass of green fruit wine.

Gurgle. Gurgle.

“This green fruit wine is indeed worthy to be the famous brew of the Yan Ya race.” Balance String Master lowered his eyes to look at the wine glass. “But if the wrong choice is made this time around, I’m afraid, in the future, there won’t be such delectable wine for anyone anymore.”

Hong!

Balance String Master immediately transformed into a streak of light and disappeared in the clouds high in the sky.

Yan Ya Master was a very influential universe master within the Three Mountains Alliance, which was a secondary group of power. That was why Balance String Master was specially sent over to Yan Ya race to persuade her. If he succeeded in persuading Yan Ya Master, then the possibility of influencing the entire Three Mountains Alliance was much higher.

“For this war, the possibility of the various races of the united force winning is indeed, very high,” Yan Ya Master whispered with a sigh. “But the number joining the united force is getting too many. Even if great beings from the numerous races within Three Mountains Alliance, as well as myself, join the united force, we would just be like icing on the cake. There is not much purpose for us there. Just how much benefit do we stand to gain? I’m afraid we will be totally neglected!”

Even if they managed to get some little part of that inheritance from the humans, after much difficulty, with those pinnacle races and supreme masters in the picture, would the united force give all that inheritance to them, the inconspicuous groups?

“If we were to join the human camp, we would get some guidance. That is for sure. It’s just that the human camp seems destined to fail and be eventually sent to the original universe… Then the races who stood with the humans will find themselves in trouble. By that time, we must combine forces—that is, the many scattered races within the human camp must form an alliance to deal with the attacks… This situation would be equally terrible.”

The universe masters were no fools. All of them were aware of the advantages and disadvantages of joining either of the two camps. The united forces camp was almost a sure-fire win! But there were no benefits to reap, and they had to risk their lives for them. After all, there were already quite a few universe masters being annihilated.

The human camp represented almost certain death! But there were also the benefits of gaining the guidance of an ancient civilization. The problem was, after the war, there would be troublesome repercussions.

How should they choose?

When the united forces camp was persuading the various scattered races, supreme masters who traveled alone, the Ancestral God School, and the Space Beast Alliance within the primal universe… the human camp was doing likewise, brainstorming ways to rope in other groups of races and forces. However, the humans’ approach sought to conciliate and placate rather than persuade. Both parties would neither help nor harm one another. The human camp also promised never to invade any other territory that did not belong to them.

This condition, as reasoned by the united forces camp, was meant to exercise some restraint over the humans just in case the expansion of the human race, and them gaining more power, caused them to infringe on the territories and domains of other races.

The two camps were thinking of all sorts of ways and methods. However, the decision of the countless great beings of these scattered races would implicate the fate of their entire race. How could they not think it through carefully?

This was why, regardless of choosing the human camp or the united forces camp, there was not much to gain initially. Obviously, those scattered races had already started to interact and discuss among themselves just how should they address the question of joining the two great camps. There was even a new viewpoint being voiced: they would not join either of the two camps!

In short, everything was in a mess! Be it underhanded or aboveboard, the two camps were deploying all sorts of methods—for instance, buying over a universe master with a multitude of benefits and thereafter making use of that universe master to lead its group to one’s own camp. In short, no one had the intention to scrimp on the various methods they could come up with. They were desperately roping in powers to their side!

If one side gained ten universe masters, it would mean the opponent would have ten less. To and from. Every exchange would be equivalent to the combat power of 20 universe masters put together. In such a situation, how could they not give it their all?

Amidst the endless, deserted starfield, no life form could possibly proliferate. Yet this starfield was where Sitting Mountain Guest laid his territorial rights.

“Teacher, Teacher.”

Right away, Luo Feng went over to Sitting Mountain Guest to pay him a formal visit.

“Here at my humble abode, personally?” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “The human camp must be in a crazy hustle and bustle now. Such an important figure like yourself! What brings you here in person? Seems like you have a favor to ask of me.” Sitting Mountain Guest was holding a crystal stone as he made his way down step by step along the stairs. “You never come to visit unless you need something from me.”

Luo Feng broke into a sweat out of guilt and was quick to apologize. “I am guilty as charged. In the future, I will make an effort to visit you more, Teacher.”

Sitting Mountain Guest sat down in a relaxed manner. “Let me guess. Your purpose in coming here must be to ask me to make another true treasure with willpower that can exert an impact. And my guess is that you have personally killed a universe master and have video documentation as proof, right?”

Luo Feng merely nodded obediently. “Teacher is indeed impressive.”

“In the future, whether you annihilate a universe master or not, there is no need for you to document it. You just need to inform me. That will do. I trust that you will not lie to me.” Sitting Mountain Guest gave a casual nod. “Refining one more is simple. Give me three days, and yes, that Old Beast God from the Space Beast Alliance has asked me for a favor in getting in touch with you. Since you are here, I shall let him know. He will be here shortly. You can meet up with him and discuss matters. Whether the negotiations go through or not, do not worry about me. In this so-called battle of camps and such, I have no intentions of getting involved at all.”

“Old Beast God?” Luo Feng was shocked.


Chapter 1291: Ancestral God

Sitting Mountain Guest had left and started making another Ancient God Eye.

Old beast god… Luo Feng sat in a quiet palace with his legs crossed, thinking. I can’t believe he came to find me first before we went to ask him.

There were three types of powers the humans needed. The first type was the universe masters from lots of idle races. Individually, they were all weak, yet combining them all made them the most important power!

The second type consisted of powers like the Ancestral God School and the Space Beast Alliance, who weren’t demanding on territories.

The last type were those lone universe supreme masters!

Humans were willing to pay a price to draw idle universe masters to their side! After all, it was not going to affect humans’ future plans! However, for universe supreme masters, the Ancestral God School, and the Space Beast Alliance, it would be tricky. The humans knew exactly what they wanted: incarnation transcendence.

For one thing, the humans couldn’t guarantee they would be able to transcend incarnation, as the advanced information was covered by the original mind. For another, those lone universe supreme masters would ask for experience in becoming limit universe supreme masters even if they couldn’t get the methods to transcend incarnations. And this experience would be the key to training pinnacle powers in the human race—which was Teacher Origin’s level.

If some beings from the other races and lone universe supreme masters became as powerful as Teacher Origin, the humans wouldn’t have an advantage over pinnacle powers; then the humans wouldn’t become the first power in Universe Ocean.

The humans were waiting—waiting to see how many universe masters they could draw to their side! And they were also waiting to see how many of their enemies they could draw and who would stay neutral!

If the humans were able to resist the alliance, they wouldn’t need the Space Beast Alliance! After all, the humans needed to consider the future.

That day, the old beast god arrived around three hours after Luo Feng arrived.

“Luo Feng!” His voice echoed in the palace.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew out. He looked at the giant being in space. It had a giant dragon’s head bearing nine horns. The horns were in the shape of crowns, and his long body wielded enormous claws mounted on nine toes.

It’s the real body, Luo Feng thought. Apparently, Space Beast Ancestor is sincere.

“Space Beast Ancestor,” said Luo Feng.

Space Beast Ancestor extended his body, and he was still looking at Luo Feng. “This would be the second time we have met since Beast God Sector.”

“Indeed.” Luo Feng smiled. “I’ve been grateful for your help.”

“Hahaha…!” Space Beast Ancestor guffawed. His voice echoed throughout each inch of the space. “No need to be grateful.”

Actually, the Space Beast Alliance had owed Sitting Mountain Guest before, which was why he had allowed Luo Feng to enter Beast God Sector.

“We’re no strangers, so I’ll be straightforward,” said Space Beast Ancestor. “You know the situation quite well. The humans and the alliance are enemies now. The alliance keeps drawing powers to its side, and I know many powers have agreed to join them.”

“Some powers have joined us as well,” Luo Feng said with a smile.

“Yes,” said Space Beast Ancestor. “However, all the powers know what a threat the humans are! Those idle races know, too… Don’t mention your promise, as it doesn’t mean anything. Everyone will break a promise in certain situations. Surviving is cruel, and when humans become more powerful, promises will be broken.”

Luo Feng sighed.

“That means you won’t be able to draw as many powers to your side as the united forces alliance,” said Space Beast Ancestor. “Which is why you should cooperate with my alliance, the Ancestral God School, and those lone universe supreme masters.”

“Oh?” Luo Feng listened carefully.

“I’ve spoken with the three ancestral gods before.” Space Beast Alliance watched Luo Feng. “The Space Beast Alliance and the Ancestral God School will be on the same side!”

Luo Feng was shocked. The two powers had just formed a side of their own. They would certainly have more bargaining power when negotiating with humans or the alliance…

“Our requirements are simple,” said Space Beast Ancestor. “Firstly, we want the experience to become a universe supreme master from a universe master. Secondly, we want the guidance to transcend incarnation. Luo Feng, if you and the humans agree, my alliance and the Ancestral God School will join the human team immediately!”

Luo Feng’s heart skipped a beat. It was exactly what he had expected. Actually, different powers had different requirements based on their roles. Those weak powers didn’t even dare to think about transcending incarnations. The only thing they wanted was a universe supreme master so their race wouldn’t go extinct and could live for at least three universe eras.

“Ancestor.” Luo Feng stared at Space Beast Ancestor. “Don’t you know about the original mind?”

“The original mind?” said Space Beast Alliance. “Of course, I do.”

“Then you should understand that the information about incarnation transcendence and more advanced experience are hidden by the original mind.” Luo Feng looked at Space Beast Ancestor. “Even we don’t know how to transcend incarnations.”

Space Beast Ancestor said, “I’ve talked with the three ancestral gods, so of course, I know about that. You just need to provide us with as much as you can. For example, the experience to become a limit universe supreme master, and, after that, I’ll make efforts myself. Do you agree?” Space Beast Ancestor stared at Luo Feng. “If you do, then the Space Beast Alliance and the Ancestral God School will join the human team immediately. We won’t be the only powers who join, as these conditions are appealing to other lone universe supreme masters as well. It all depends on whether you’re willing to give out the information or not. You gain only after you pay. It’s up to you.”

Space Beast Ancestor gazed at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng went silent.

Did he have a choice?

Actually, the lone universe supreme masters, the Space Beast Alliance, and the Ancestral God School couldn’t have cared less about humans’ power, as they didn’t care about territories at all! As for another power thriving in Universe Ocean and a power stronger than the holy land? They didn’t care about that either. All they cared about was the inheritance—and the experience to reach the limit!

And as for how to get it? They didn’t care about that, either! Whatever would work!

Space Beast Ancestor gazed at Luo Feng.

After a while, Luo Feng said, “Ancestor.”

“What’s your decision?” Space Beast Alliance was a bit anxious as well, as this had to do with his fate—the fate of his race.

Luo Feng responded, “I’ve pondered your offer for a long time, but I can’t make this decision myself. I need to talk about it with the other universe masters in my race, especially my teacher Primal Chaos City Leader. If they agree, I’ll tell you myself, immediately. If they don’t, I’ll tell teacher Sitting Mountain Guest to tell you.”

“Okay!” Space Beast Ancestor growled. “Then I’ll be waiting for your response.”

Hong!

Space Beast Ancestor disappeared.

Luo Feng stood there for a long time…

Although Luo Feng’s original body was at Sitting Mountain Guest’s, he went to contact Primal Chaos City Leader through the virtual universe.

“Luo Feng, I thought you asked Sitting Mountain Guest to make a true treasure. Why are you here?”

Primal Chaos City Leader realized that Luo Feng might have something important to tell him. They both sat down.

“The old beast god met with me and offered me a deal,” said Luo Feng.

“The old beast god?” Primal Chaos City Leader was surprised. “What sort of deal?”

“The deal I expected.” Luo Feng continued. “Firstly, the experience from ancient civilization about becoming universe supreme masters from universe masters. Secondly, the experience of how to reach a limit universe supreme master!”

Primal Chaos City Leader frowned. A limit universe supreme masters? That was power at the level of Teacher Origin.

“He also said the Space Beast Alliance and the Ancestral God School have formed an alliance,” said Luo Feng.

“Ancestral God School?” Primal Chaos City Leader frowned. “Ancestral God School shouldn’t be so hasty… Their requirements shouldn’t be as high as that of the Space Beast Alliance.”

“What?” Luo Feng was confused.

Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “You’ve been adventuring in Universe Ocean since you arose, yet you still don’t know some common knowledge. The three ancestral gods are only universe masters, not universe supreme masters.”

“What?” Luo Feng was shocked.

The three ancestral gods were universe masters?

“This is a secret shared among the seniors.” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head. “For one thing, the three ancestral gods came into being when the Ancestral God School was formed. Do you really think it’s so easy for universe supreme masters to be born? And there are three of them, and they’re all in the Ancestral God School? For another thing, the three ancestral gods have never entered Universe Ocean. Also, issues in Universe Ocean are all solved by universe masters like Nine Remoteness Master.”


Chapter 1292: Urgent

Luo Feng frowned. “But… but when ancestral gods make their orders, they’ll be strictly enforced, and they can wield the power at top-tier level six by using only pinnacle true treasures!”

“Haha…” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “Do you know what is meant by ‘making orders, once given, strictly enforced’? It’s a privilege given to universe supreme masters by universe origin. However, when fighting universe masters, this privilege will be stripped away. If the original mind wants to favor those ancestral gods, they can give them the privilege.”

Luo Feng blinked in surprise.

“The privilege is bestowed by the original mind!”

“As for reaching top-tier level six by using only pinnacle set true treasures, they have universe-supreme-master level techniques,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “You comprehended it by yourself. Peng Gong used the engravings on the supreme true treasures! As for the three ancestral gods, they use the techniques bestowed by the original universe directly, like inherited techniques.”

“Inherited techniques?”

Luo Feng understood. Just like his technique “I Am the Universe, the techniques bestowed by the three ancestral gods were more advanced. They were at the universe-supreme-master level.

“Do you understand now?” Primal Chaos City Leader exclaimed. “The Ancestral God School was created by the original universe, and it has chosen three great beings to be its representatives! The original universe gave them privileges and inherited techniques. However, they have to bear more responsibilities, and there are lots of restrictions on them.”

Luo Feng nodded. It was true. If they were indeed universe supreme masters, they would go deal with the issues in Universe Ocean themselves. If they were indeed universe supreme masters, Virtual-Real Devil God wouldn’t have said that the ancestral gods weren’t his match in Universe Ocean. The real reason was that ancestral gods were decoy universe supreme masters.

“They are restricted, and they can only be free after this universe era.” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “To them, the most important thing is to become universe supreme masters. However, space beast ancestors have a point. Those ancestral gods, eight beast gods, and those guarding beast gods and guarding godly masters all want to become universe supreme masters and transcend incarnations at the same time. However, no alliance is eternal. Space Beast Alliance and Ancestral God School won’t stand side by side forever. I’ll talk to the Ancestral God School, and I’ll convince them that the best thing we can offer is experience on how to become universe supreme masters.”

Luo Feng nodded, “Then what about the Space Beast Alliance and those lone universe supreme masters?”

“Just wait!” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Those idle powers are still hesitant. We’ll try our best to draw as many of the universe masters to our side as possible. 100 universe masters are as powerful as 10 universe supreme masters… We should concern ourselves with the idle races. If we can draw enough of them to our side, we don’t need to worry about those lone universe supreme masters anymore.”

From undying fighters to universe supreme masters, the systematic way from the ancient civilization cultivated pillars of power—like lots of universe masters and universe supreme masters. As for pinnacle powers, they were those like Teacher Origin.

“Nobody in Universe Ocean is as powerful as Teacher Origin,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “If one or two humans become as powerful as Teacher Origin in the future and we have enough pillar powers, we’ll become invincible.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

Everyone wished that their races would become stronger! Nobody wanted to share the secret to pinnacle powers with other powers. If their powers became stronger, like lone universe supreme masters, they would roam Universe Ocean without caring about humans.

They might be in conflict with humans, and if they were fighting, even if the humans were relatively stronger, they wouldn’t win, as the lone universe supreme masters didn’t have anything to care about. They were as powerful as Teacher Origin as well.

“Wait! Wait until everything becomes clearer.” Primal Chaos City Leader sounded excited.

After three days, Luo Feng took another Ancient God Eye from Sitting Mountain Guest and went back to the human territory. He tried to persuade some lesser powers to join them.

“As you see, none of the universe masters who joined us died!” Luo Feng said, trying to convince a gigantic rock being. “Perhaps we don’t have a great chance to win, and I won’t brag about our power, but they don’t have that much of a chance to win either. However, I can guarantee that you’ll be safe. We have Boat of Mausoleum, Black Prison Tower, and Star Tower. If you join us, your safety will be absolutely guaranteed!

“You’re afraid that you’ll be attacked? Don’t worry about that! We have many universe masters on our side, and if any race dares to take vengeance on you, we’ll annihilate that race with Star Tower and Boat of Mausoleum.”

“You’ll definitely win if you join the alliance! As you can see, there are six powers already in our alliance, and the unity is strong. These six powers alone have already had around 300 universe masters! And some idle races have joined as well, so we’ll have many more universe masters. Besides, we have more universe supreme masters and supreme true treasures as well.

“What? Mind-shock valuables? That’s a joke! I have to admit that such a valuable is indeed impressive, but look at how many universe masters we have! The six powers alone have 300 universe masters already. If we divide them into teams of 50, there’ll be six teams! No matter how powerful those valuables are, it can only attack one team! After all, the mind-shock valuable depends on distance, and the farther we are from the valuable, the weaker its power will be. You know the black-striped stone pillar and how it works.

“All we need to do is to be farther away from those humans—about ten million kilometers away from them. Which means that mind-shock valuable won’t affect us much during the war. Besides, if we divide the universe masters into small teams, the effect will be smaller!

“To summarize, our team is definitely winning! Besides, the feud between us and the humans will last a long time. If they don’t give us the inheritance, we’ll suppress them forever so that they’ll never prosper, and those who seek the humans will regret it.”

Both sides were trying to recruit more members.

The humans were relatively weak, yet the united forces alliance was stronger. (After all, the Northern Territory Alliance alone had around 100 universe masters already).

Days passed. All the powers in the original universe were observing the situation, and the powers in Universe Ocean were doing the same thing as well.

“Damn it!”

“We can only stay in Universe Ocean! Damn it! If we can enter the original universe, we can force the humans to give us the experience on incarnation transcendence.”

“Why can’t we join?”

The powers in Universe Ocean were all anxious, but they felt helpless as well. Both the first universe era and the second universe era were much more powerful than the original universe era! Several pinnacle races from these two universe eras were powerful enough to crush all the powers in the original universe. However, they couldn’t enter the original universe.

Luo Feng took out a token.

“Milky Way Horde Leader!”

“The memory stone you gave me last time is indeed useless! If you give me one more, and that memory stone is indeed useful, I’ll give you eight supreme true treasures for the third memory stone. What do you think? Unless you’re trying to deceive me, you should give me the second memory stone.”

“Eastern Emperor Ancestor, if you want to get the second memory stone, give me four supreme true treasures.”

In the current conversation, Luo Feng was still being tough!

Apparently, Eastern Emperor Holy Land knew what was happening in the original universe. After the trade last time, the ancestor assumed Luo Feng wasn’t deliberately trying to deceive him because Luo Feng couldn’t read the more advanced information, which was why he still wanted the second one.

However, the ancestors didn’t want to give up any more supreme true treasures. He understood that the humans were in a difficult situation, so he went to Luo Feng directly!

“I still insist. If you’re not giving me supreme true treasures, then there’s no deal.”

It was not that Luo Feng didn’t want to do it. Instead, he understood that the first memory stone he had given to Eastern Emperor Ancestor was already the best option. Even though he couldn’t read the information, he knew how precious those memory stones were and what type of experiences the stones contained. If the first one was useless, then the following two would only be worse.

That was why Luo Feng couldn’t give him the memory stones. And besides, Luo Feng was the only one who had the memory stones, so he had a monopoly over them. Eastern Emperor Ancestor couldn’t do anything about it.

With time going by, the war was drawing near as well. The whole original universe was under terrific pressure. And the powers in Universe Ocean were also concerned about the situation, as they wanted to join the fight. Unfortunately, they couldn’t.

Suddenly, Luo Feng heard the voice of Primal Chaos City Leader. “Luo Feng, Luo Feng, come!”

“Huh?” Luo Feng sensed that something was wrong.

Sou!

He teleported to the main palace where Primal Chaos City Leader was, and all the universe masters showed up one by one.


Chapter 1293: The Great Change

Luo Feng teleported himself to appear within the hall and looked around him, where various figures were appearing successively after teleportation. A short moment later—including Primal Chaos City Leader, who was standing high above—a total of 19 universe masters appeared. All the human universe masters were present. Not even one was absent.

Luo Feng was in awe. There were a few universe masters who had remained in the original universe. But now, the “avatars sustained by godly powers” of these few universe masters had all rushed over.

“What is going on? Teacher has actually summoned all the universe masters of the human race.” Luo Feng was feeling the pressure. Even when they were out battling against the united force of the three races, this was something that had never happened before—all the human universe masters gathering together in one place.

At that time, within the hall, everyone wore heavy expressions. Silence. None of the universe masters spoke.

An invisible pressure caused every single universe master to feel heavy-hearted as they looked toward Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Everyone!” Primal Chaos City Leader said. He walked down the stairs, looked around at the numerous universe masters, and slowly said, “The situation has undergone a great change.”

“What change?” Long Yan Master could not help asking.

“Primal Chaos City Leader, what has happened?”

“What is the exact situation now?”

“Teacher!”

One by one, the universe masters spoke up. Even Luo Feng was asking persistently. This scene apparently had all the universe masters on pins and needles.

Primal Chaos City Leader said solemnly, “I just received news that a large number of scattered races…”

Luo Feng and the rest suddenly felt knots in their stomachs. The universe masters of the scattered races were the key to the final battle this time around! The human camp and the united force camp… Who could obtain enough support? The winner would be in a more advantageous position. Judging by the situation, could it be that most of the scattered races were turning to the united force camp?

“A total of 282 powerful races, close to 10,000 ordinary races, and a tremendous number of weak races…” Primal Chaos City Leader said in a solemn tone. “They must be forming an alliance secretly!”

“What!”

“An alliance?”

“The scattered races are forming an alliance?”

Suddenly, the hall was in an uproar. Luo Feng and everyone else was shocked.

Those billions of scattered races—the so-called “ordinary races” and “weak races”—all lacked strength. Like the golden horned race that was living in the human territory in great numbers, none of these races had a single universe master. This was why they lived precariously within the universe. Most lived as vassal races, relying on the stronger races or even relying on pinnacle races for survival. So even though it was said to have a total of billions of races, the actual total was mainly composed of the alliances of the 282 powerful races!

“How did it turn out to be like this?”

“How can such a thing happen?”

“The scattered races. These—these scattered races! How dare they form an alliance? They think they can actually combine forces?”

At that moment, there was chaos in the hall. Everyone was shocked and flustered.

This was earth-shattering news for them all! Previously, there were nine top powers in the primal universe. Every top power, like the Hong Alliance and the Bug Clan Alliance, had a total of around 40 universe masters. The Northern Territory Alliance had the greatest number of universe masters, but it was, at most, around 100, and they were dispersed all over! This was why it was always considered relatively quiet in the primal universe.

A combination of the various scattered races was difficult to fathom. Their territories were scattered in all corners of the primal universe, and some bore extreme hatred for one another. Combining forces?

The human camp and the united forces camp had never considered this before! After all, within such an extremely short period of time, for countless scattered races to combine forces… That would be something very difficult to achieve.

“282 powerful races. Just… just how many universe masters would there be?” Ice Mountain Master could not help asking.

“How is that even possible?” Luo Feng was also in disbelief.

Forming an alliance was easier said than done. It implicated many races, as well as their grudges, benefits, interests, and conflicts. Who had higher status? Who was lower? Who would be the leader?

Primal Chaos City Leader said in a solemn tone, “This has already happened, and it will be made public soon. Previously, the scattered races were not under such great pressure, but now, under the influence of the two camps forcing them to choose sides… Naturally, some of these universe masters do not wish to take particular sides but were worried that if they choose to stand alone, they would be too weak. That is why races start to rope in universe masters to form cliques.

“Although these signs appeared earlier, I didn’t take them seriously. Who would have thought that within such a short time, an entire alliance could take shape? And… the alliance master of this alliance is none other than Shi Hua Island Leader!”

The moment this was said, everyone within the hall was shocked into a daze.

Shi Hua Island Leader?

Shi Hua Island Leader was one of the supreme masters who traveled alone and had always been so mysterious. Out of all the supreme masters, Shi Hua Island Leader, Sitting Mountain Guest, and Northern Territory Alliance Master were known as the three most mysterious ones. Such a mysterious fellow would actually become an alliance master of a super alliance?

“This super alliance consists of six major groups of secondary powers and some other smaller groups of powers,” Primal Chaos City Leader said seriously. “There is a total of 282 powerful races, and the total number of universe masters exceeds 400! And the human camp and united forces camp have seen a number of universe masters leaving us to join that super alliance.”

“Leaving the camps?” Luo Feng and the other universe masters’ expressions became more twisted.

“Primal Chaos City Leader, how many universe masters have left the human camp?” Deserted Mirror Master quickly asked.

With a nod, Primal Chaos City Leader replied, “As you all know, the vassal races that turned to us were, after all, reliant on us! During a war, we can reasonably detain a number of these universe masters as hostages in our original universe. But when the war ended with the united force of the three races, we certainly had no reason to not allow them back into the primal universe.

“Previously… they were faced with two tough choices, but after many struggles, they finally decided to turn to us. But when this alliance was secretly being built up, it also got in touch with the universe masters who turned to us and the united force camp, respectively. Just a little persuasion was enough to get these universe masters to turn their backs on us.

“Some time ago, the total number of universe masters in our human camp had risen to over 180. But now, including myself, we only have 162, and there are still universe masters coming forward to bid farewell.” Primal Chaos City added with a sigh, “When they choose to leave, how is the human camp able to stop them?”

Dead silence.

Luo Feng and the other universe masters were all devastated.

Earlier on, when the scattered races chose to support the human camp, they were merely turning to the humans as the humans had given them certain promises. But it was not possible for them to sell themselves to the humans forever! These scattered races had already fought a battle for the humans, and without even asking for any benefits, they left. Even if they were not allowed to leave, they would fly out from the ‘original universe’ and into the Universe Ocean.

Now it seems like the humans wanted to kill them all. If the humans really dared to do so, this would blow up into an even greater furor.

There was only silence within the hall. Not one of the 19 universe masters spoke a word. Everyone was at a loss for words.

Finally, it was once again Primal Chaos City Leader who got the ball rolling.

“Within the past few days, major groups of powers from Universe Ocean have gotten in touch with us.” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “They were all asking for the guidance from the ancient civilization to learn about how they could cultivate to transcend reincarnation. Among them, many knew about the influence of the willpower of the origin of the primal universe. So they are requesting the cultivation experiences to learn about how they could cultivate to reach the ultimate limit of a universe supreme master. And they are all willing to trade these experiences with supreme true treasures.”

The various top groups within the Universe Ocean were all very powerful. Like the Divine Eye Clan, the Skeleton Clan, and many others—all of them had several universe supreme masters. For them to take out a supreme true treasure to trade for the cultivation experiences on how to cultivate to reach the ultimate limit of a universe supreme master, they would be most willing to oblige! After all, when confronted with doomsday, who would still be unwilling to give up their true treasures?

“Those loathsome powers of Universe Ocean just have to choose this most critical moment to negotiate with us,” Void Gold Master said coldly. “They know that we are in a difficult situation now.”

“This is precisely why they are here to tempt us, because we are in such a predicament,” Darkness Master said in a low voice.

“Not only them…” Luo Feng started to say. “Not too long ago, that East Emperor Holy Land contacted me again.”

“East Emperor Holy Land?”

Suddenly, everyone looked at Luo Feng.

The humans were unwilling to strike deals with other groups of powers because giving out part of their inheritance to these other groups of powers, they would most probably be shaping a powerful opponent for themselves in future! But East Emperor Holy Land was different. Because East Emperor Holy Land already had an existence that transcended reincarnation. He already had the experience of cultivating to the ultimate limit of a universe supreme master.

Even if the humans were to give snippets of a part of that experience, it would just be icing on the cake for them! And there was no influence or effect on the human race at all.

“East Emperor Ancestor is very sly and greedy.” Luo Feng sighed and shook his head. “It is not going to be easy trying to get another supreme true treasure from him.”

“He is just doing this because he knows that we humans are in a predicament now,” Remote Lord Master said through gritted teeth.

Every top power within the Universe Ocean was coveting after the same thing. It was just that they could not get themselves involved, so they could only wait for the critical opportunity at that right moment when the humans were stuck in a predicament. Then they would make use of the temptation of a supreme true treasure! After all, most of the top powers within the Universe Ocean mainly sought to form a coalition with the humans. The others like the united forces camp were completely off their lists.

As for loaning the united forces camp with a supreme true treasure? They were worried that would be the last time they set eyes on their treasures!

“We’ll wait!” Primal Chaos City Leader said in a low tone. “We can only wait.”

“Wait for the response when this super alliance is formed by all those scattered races put together! Before that, just a single race alone will certainly lack the clout to demand anything from us. But now… they have more than 400 universe masters, which is much more than the united forces camp! This is a strength that could truly influence the outcome of the final war, or, in other words, whichever side they decide to take. That will be the winning side!

“Now they have enough clout. Especially that Shi Hua Island Leader. So soundlessly he became an alliance master of a super alliance. For this mysterious Shi Hua Island Leader to make it this far, it will be impossible for him to want nothing more. What does he want? He must have a goal in mind.”

“So—this super alliance will make a move very soon,” Primal Chaos City Leader said with much solemness.

Luo Feng and the others all nodded with heavy hearts. Actually, everyone could guess that, with enough influence, their opponents would definitely have requirements of extremely high expectations! Must the humans really oblige? If they did not give what was requested, what if more than 400 universe masters joined the united forces camp instead? To the human race, this would be a great catastrophe!

Within the demons’ territory, Blood Tooth Star.

Bouts of intentions were falling upon this star, and the avatar of Black Lotus Master, who was from the Northern Territory Alliance, was here.

“Loathsome. How dare they, these weak little groups of powers— inferior groups of powers—how dare they combine forces! Forming such a super alliance and causing some universe masters who have originally turned to our united forces camp to detach themselves from our camp. They cannot be stopped, nor can they be persuaded!

“Shi Hua, Shi Hua, this fellow, Shi Hua… I should have realized that he had such extraordinary methods. I would never have expected him to be able to come up with such a super alliance. Coming up with such a super alliance is an extraordinary feat. My guess is, with Huge Axe’s annihilation, he may have foreseen the imminent situations, so he must have started planning this in the dark for quite some time.”

“Now, the initiative lies in the hands of this super alliance.”

“Let’s just wait and see.”

“Let’s wait to see what this super alliance is up to.”

The united force camp and the human camp were both caught off guard.

Half a month later, the super alliance was established, and formal news was publicly announced to the entire primal universe. This super alliance was named “Freedom Alliance,” and once established, it would become the leading power within the primal universe right away.


Chapter 1294: Left by Teacher Origin

The bug race, the demon race, and the automaton race… Although the six powers formed an alliance, it was a very loose alliance. It was, after all, divided into six powers.

However, the Freedom Alliance was different. This new superpower was consolidated, and it planned to be a superpower that would exist forever. It was kind of like the Northern Territory Alliance, but it was much larger! It planned to exist forever, so the unity inside the alliance was much stronger.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The golden waves were tumbling in the sky and sweeping across everything. The stars and planets were like grains of sand, but they were well protected.

There was an island in the golden waves. On the island, thrones were arranged to form the shape of a ring. Various life forms sat on the thrones—flesh and blood type, energy type, metal type, rock type, and plant type—and they were all powerful.

“Everyone!” A towering purple being sat on a purple throne, and his voice echoed through each inch of space and time around it. “From now on, the Freedom Alliance will rise in the original universe!”

“Freedom Alliance! For survival, for freedom!”

“All the races present are idle races, and even the most powerful one only has six universe masters. Most of the races here only have one universe master. Anyone of us is weak compared to those two teams! If we join the united forces alliance, we need to fight even if our lives will be endangered. We can’t even gain that much. If we join the humans, the united forces alliance might take revenge on us.”

“We’re also from a race.”

“We’re also a part of the original universe.”

“We can’t even be neutral and live our lives in peace and quiet!”

“Nobody wants to live like this!”

Shi Hua Island Leader looked around. The universe masters were all nodding. Apparently, they were in a dilemma.

“Even though I’m a universe supreme master, this is a fight between two large teams. One universe supreme master can’t change anything,” said Shi Hua Island Leader. “I’m not happy about that either. Why do we even fight in this universe? Because we want to get what we want and guard the most important things to us! To advance! To guard the things we love! And to fulfill that, we first need to be free! If we can’t even make our own choice, what are we even guarding? That is why we formed the Freedom Alliance!”

Shi Hua Island Leader’s eyes gleamed, and he went on saying, “Those universe masters who can’t come here sent their avatars. Our alliance has 298 races, and there are 433 universe masters! Once we’re united, neither the united forces alliance nor the human team can sway us! The humans have mind-shock valuables, and both teams have supreme true treasure palaces. But they can’t sway us!

“The mind shock valuable is already exposed, so everyone knows its weakness. As for palace type supreme true treasures? 20 universe masters combined are enough to resist the swallowing power from Black Prison Tower, Empress Tower, and Star Tower. Even if the humans get more powerful in the future, they have fewer than 20 universe masters. Even if they have 100 in the future—and even if they have 300 with the help of ancient inheritance—we have more than more than 4,000 universe masters! As time goes by, there will be more. We can defend ourselves against the humans even if they prosper in the future! As long as we stand together, nobody can sway us! Present or future! This is not a crisis for us! Instead, it’s an opportunity! An opportunity to become stronger!”

The voice of Shi Hua Island Leader resounded in the ears of every universe master and inflamed their desire. However, they had been too weak to fulfill them before. Now, as they looked around and saw the thrones and the shadows of more than 400 universe masters, they felt confident! It was an enormous power! And they would surely get more!

As time passed, some universe masters left the human race and the united forces alliance. After half a month, no universe masters tried to switch sides anymore. There were 298 races and 433 universe masters in the Freedom Alliance. It was a power that placed excessive pressure on the united forces alliance and the human team.

Blood Tooth Star, demon race territory.

The minds of the six universe supreme masters and the avatars of Star River Master, Black Lotus Master, and Liu Lan Star Master were all present.

“The alliance of our six powers—even if we count the universe masters who come to us, many universe masters are leaving our alliance these days, and we have fewer than 400 universe masters now! Even if we count the universe supreme masters, it might only match the Freedom Alliance.”

“Besides, we can’t guarantee the loyalty of those subsidiary races. Even if we’re going to fight the humans, we must hold some of them hostage in our miniature universes in case some of them betray us.”

“Which is why our actual power will be weaker than the Freedom Alliance.”

“What should we do?”

“Agree with their terms?”

The top seniors looked at each other. The Freedom Alliance had indeed named their terms.

One: The inheritance from the ancient civilization would be shared equally, without a doubt. And two: Two supreme true treasures would be given to the Freedom Alliance. If the united forces alliance did so, the Freedom Alliance would join the united forces alliance immediately.

“Two supreme true treasures. How greedy! The war against the humans will not only benefit us but them as well, yet they want two supreme true treasures!”

“Is that even a question? Under the same conditions, they’ll definitely join the human team. Once they join the human team, the humans will absolutely win! Besides, the humans can give them the inheritance experience from the ancient civilization… Of course, they’re more willing to join the human team. They named their terms on purpose!”

“They must have given the humans the conditions, and now they’re waiting for a response as well.”

“A supreme true treasure… The Northern Territory Alliance, the prison race, and the crystal race don’t have supreme true treasures. As for the demon race, the bug race, and the automaton race, we have four in total. Yet we’re supposed to give them two? Are they serious?”

“Don’t worry.”

“The humans will give them an answer. If the humans say no, the negotiations will be much easier. We can negotiate the conditions!”

The human team was facing a tough decision as well.

“I need to talk about it with other human universe masters, and I’ll get back to you as soon as possible,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Then we’ll wait for your response, Primal Chaos City Leader.”

A phantom-like spring of water flew out of the primal secret region. After a while, the human universe masters gathered in the main palace.

“The representatives from the Freedom Alliance came here before,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Their terms are precisely what we expected: the experience of how to advance from universe masters to universe supreme masters and to limit universe supreme masters. We at least need to give them some of the experience before they join us, and after the war, we’ll give them the other part.

“This is the first situation. As for the second situation, we need to give them the experience from universe masters to universe supreme masters for them, at least, to stay neutral. Otherwise, they’ll join the united forces alliance.”

Some universe masters cursed after hearing this.

“They’re so greedy.”

“So bold.”

“Why shouldn’t they be bold? They have so many universe masters.”

“They need the experience from universe masters to universe supreme masters to at least stay neutral?”

All the human universe masters were upset. However, they couldn’t do anything about it, as the Freedom Alliance was making the choice!

“I won’t reply to them first,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Let’s wait and see if there’s a third way!”

The humans didn’t want to share the experience. After all, they needed to share at least some of the experience with the universe masters no matter how simple the inheritance was. They would only come to their aid if they thought the experience was useful. This was actually helping the Freedom Alliance to grow stronger than it already was.

Primal Chaos City Leader looked around the universe masters. “There’s no need to rush. It’s a crucial moment, and it’s time to share the final secret of the human race.”

“The final secret?”

Everyone became quiet. They were all shocked.

“Chaos, what secret do we have?”

“Brother!”

“Chaos!”

They were all in a daze. They were, after all, already the top beings within the human race.

Primal Chaos City Leader looked at the human universe masters and said, “Teacher Origin roamed Universe Ocean and was invincible. After that, he went on to a difficult path. He knew it would be difficult, so he waited until Huge Axe became a universe supreme master to start it. Then he left us a valuable to guard the race. After that, he followed his chosen path, and eventually, he was suppressed by the mind of the original universe.”

Their eyes gleamed.

“I’ve been guarding the primal secret region, and this is our last defense,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Luo Feng, Darkness, Peng Gong… You are fighting the other races, and I’ve been standing guard here. If I don’t have anything, how am I supposed to guard it? It’s time for you to know exactly what it is I do have.” Primal Chaos City Leader turned around. “Follow me.”

Luo Feng and the others looked at each other, then followed Primal Chaos City Leader.


Chapter 1295: Guarding Valuable

Luo Feng and the other universe masters followed Primal Chaos City Leader and walked through the hallway. They could see Boat of Mausoleum floating in Thousand Treasures River in the space behind the palaces.

“Where are we going, brother?” asked Darkness Master. Even he didn’t know about the guarding valuable left by Teacher Origin.

Primal Chaos City Leader looked back and said, “Let’s get into Boat of Mausoleum. Even though this is the central area of Primal Secret Region, there are lots of universe masters from other races. I don’t want the information leaked. Let’s get into Boat of Mausoleum first so you all can see it.”

Luo Feng was curious.

After a while, they entered Boat of Mausoleum, which was 100 billion kilometers long, floating on Thousand Treasures River.

“Boat of Mausoleum is indeed exceptional.” Primal Chaos City Leader couldn’t help complimenting it. “Although it can’t make attacks itself, it can easily resist the attacks from universe supreme masters. Even supreme true treasures can’t do that. With this boat, the last universe portal of our race can be safe.”

Darkness Master, Peng Gong Master, Long Yan Master, and the others all nodded. Luo Feng smiled as well.

It was true. Teacher Origin was suppressed eternally, so the universe portals from the original universe to the primal universe would be fewer and fewer if they were broken, and they couldn’t be rebuilt. Even if there were Black Prison Tower and Star Tower, they would still be blasted away and couldn’t protect that universe portal. However, Boat of Mausoleum was much more stable.

Luo Feng was confident. “In Universe Ocean, even those level-seven and level-eight universe supreme masters can’t damage Boat of Mausoleum, not to mention those in the original universe.”

Boat of Mausoleum was 100 billion kilometers long. The universe portal was well protected in a huge room in the boat, making it absolutely safe.

In a palace of Boat of Mausoleum, the human universe masters all gathered.

Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “I’ll show you here.”

Luo Feng and the universe masters were all looking forward to what Primal Chaos City Leader was about to show them. It was a guarding valuable left by Teacher, so it must have been exceptional.

“Look at it.” Primal Chaos City Leader glanced at all the universe masters and stretched out his palm.

They all stared at the palm of Primal Chaos City Leader. Suddenly, an object appeared in his palm, and the force of a true treasure permeated from it. Everyone looked bewildered.

“This—this is…” Luo Feng opened his eyes wide.

“Huh?” Peng Gong Master was confused.

“What is this?” Darkness Master was confused as well.

An object like a sculpture sat in the right palm of Primal Chaos City Leader. There was an artificial hill, a lake, and a wooden house! The hill, the water, and the house seemed to coexist in harmony, but it appeared to be just a piece of art; the force was ordinary although it had the force of a true treasure. It was, at most, a top-tier true treasure. If it was indeed a supreme true treasure, the force should be suppressing.

Luo Feng couldn’t help looking at Primal Chaos City Leader. “Teacher?”

The others looked at Primal Chaos City Leader, confused. “What is this, Chaos?”

“Is this the guarding valuable left by Teacher Origin?”

“No, this is definitely not a supreme true treasure! How can it guard the race?”

Primal Chaos City Leader glanced at Luo Feng and the universe masters with a smile, then said, “I need to infuse it with my godly power before you know the power of this valuable.”

Godly power burned in his palm, and it infused the valuable immediately. The valuable floated and became much larger. Then a mountain 10,000 kilometers tall showed up in the palace. On the mountainside was a wooden house 100 kilometers tall, and there was a lake with a diameter of 1,000 kilometers in front of the wooden house.

“Come,” said Primal Chaos City Leader, and he shrank his body to ten kilometers tall.

The others shrank their godly bodies as well. They followed Primal Chaos City Leader and walked along the lake to the wooden house. “Chaos, what about the power of this valuable?” Peng Gong Master asked.

“I haven’t triggered the engravings yet,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Of course, it can’t wield the power.”

He stood beside the lake, and suddenly, a being showed up. It was a barefoot body carrying a rugged stick.

“A body!”

Luo Feng was shocked.

“This is a complicated valuable,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Both me and this body of mine need to work together to have enough godly power to drive this valuable.”

The barefoot body walked to the mountain. It merged with the mountain as soon as it touched it.

Primal Chaos City Leader stepped out onto the lake and walked to the center of it.

Weng! Weng! Weng!

Mountains started to tremble under powerful ripples, and blurry engravings appeared, flashing across space. A green hue extended from the mountain to the sky, covering the sky above it.

Hong! Long! Long!

The lake and the ground trembled. The blurry engravings flowed and disappeared. The ground extended, forming a gray tract of land. The green sky and the gray land met at that wooden house.

Ang!

The wooden house started to gleam brightly! Light covered every inch of the sky and land, and the green sky and gray land kept intersecting with each other, exerting power, forming endless light. Beneath it, Luo Feng, Darkness Master, Long Yan Master, and the others were all amazed. They could feel an enormous source of power.

“So powerful!”

“My teacher devoted a lot to create this valuable.” Primal Chaos City Leader stood on the lake and recalled events from the past. “The mountains, the lands, the lakes, and the wooden houses are formed by 36,200 components. The materials are exquisite, yet the techniques are simple. Only after they’re combined can they be structured. Mountains, lakes, and wooden houses—these three elements form this sky and land. Teacher said before that this is the primal rule of universe operation. This valuable is called ‘palm universe.’ It’s a simplified version of a miniature universe. The palm universe can create two top-tier level-six attacks immediately in the area it controls. Plus, it covers an area of one square light year.”

Everyone was stupefied. This was more incredible than a domain type supreme true treasure! Ordinary domain supreme true treasures could attack within their domains, but universe masters couldn’t make attacks at top-tier level six when using them! After all, domain true treasures were used more often for suppression! Only universe supreme masters could use their techniques to make the true treasures reach top-tier level six, and only one at a time.

However, Primal Chaos City Leader could perform it twice as if two universe supreme masters were making attacks. And they could appear anywhere within the range.

“This is a simplified miniature universe,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Once someone is in this area, it’s like being in a miniature universe. I control it. I can attack the target with a single thought! I can even make universe supreme masters feel agonizing pain, and they can’t get away from this area in a short time. However, this ‘palm universe’ can only reach top-tier level six even in Universe Ocean, so it’s more useful in the original universe. Teacher Origin made it to guard our race, and with this valuable, even two or three universe supreme masters will suffer losses if they try to attack us. Teacher Origin could only create a top-tier true treasure, but when he combined all the true treasures, he had a valuable that was beyond imagination.”

Darkness Master, Long Yan Master, Huang Jian Master, and the universe masters were all dazed. He had made a valuable better than a domain supreme true treasure?

Of course, it was weaker than a domain supreme true treasure in Universe Ocean.

“Machine type!” Luo Feng was shocked. “This is machine type! The small components form three systems—like Shi Wu Wing! Shi Wu Wing is also made of lots of components. A pair of white wings, five pairs of other wings, and an origin! This palm universe is also made of different components, and the core is that wooden house.”

“It’s even more complicated than Shi Wu Wing!” Luo Feng exclaimed.

Of course, palm universe was still a low-tier machine type valuable. The civilization level of the origin was far superior to palm universe. However, in terms of structure, Shi Wu Wing was very simple, while palm universe was far more complicated. It needed both bodies of Primal Chaos City Leader to use it. However, it was still much simpler than Boat of Mausoleum and Universe Boat.

One thing was for certain: This was of machine type, which was why it had such an ordinary appearance but extraordinary power. It had power at top-tier level six.

“One is the sky, one is the land, and one is the heart of sky and land,” said Peng Gong Master slowly.

“Dark, Light, and the origin,” said Darkness Master.

All the universe masters looked at the simplified universe, as did Luo Feng. Although it was machine type, the technique contained in the palm universe had universe operation law, and it was much more advanced than his miniature universe.

“Time and space combined, and a universe is born…” Luo Feng looked at the sky and land—the green sky, the gray land, and the gleaming, golden light, all of which contained the universe operation law. He was mesmerized.

After hitting the limit universe knight level, he couldn’t make the breakthrough. However, inspiration now flooded his mind.

Luo Feng looked up, and he smiled.


Chapter 1296: The Breakthrough, A Universe Master!

The mountain range, lake, and wooden house were all suspended in the air.

With it as the center, everything within the vast space and spread around its surroundings fell within its area of control. This mountain, lake, and wooden house… The greatest area under the influence of its control was a diameter as wide as one light year! How vast this region was! And within this region, a single thought could execute the power of a sixth tier as the top level.

The various universe masters were all in awe.

“Impressive. Simply too, too impressive!”

“In the primal universe, it is even more powerful than a supreme true treasure. The only downside of it is that controlling it is a tad more complex. It requires both bodies of Primal Chaos City Leader to control it together.”

“A simplified miniature universe? How did Teacher Origin achieve that?”

“I cannot fathom it. I simply cannot fathom any of it! Indeed, that’s Teacher Origin for you. Only Teacher Origin can create a virtual universe, which has reached a stupefying level on the way the universe revolves. I suppose this must be the reason why he can create this unique treasure, ‘Palm Universe.’”

The part of time and space that was under the influence of this Palm Universe was completely isolated from the outside world. All the universe masters were shocked yet intoxicated by what they saw.

“Luo Feng.”

“Luo Feng?”

Suddenly, someone realized that there was something not quite right with Luo Feng. Earlier, he was still smiling; but later, he shut his eyes and his entire being started to exude a strange aura.

“Do not disturb Luo Feng!” Darkness Master immediately shouted to stop the others.

Within the human race, the majority were not aware that Luo Feng was merely a universe knight. But Darkness Master knew.

Could it be that he was going to achieve a breakthrough soon? Darkness Master wondered to himself.

Not only him—Primal Chaos City Leader, who was standing above a lake quite a distance away, also saw the seemingly unique state that Luo Feng was in. In his heart, he could not help looking forward with much eagerness.

This disciple of mine is going to have a breakthrough soon?

Luo Feng was already capable of creating secret techniques at a universe supreme master level, and his law comprehension had already reached the ultimate limit of its bottleneck, whereby he had comprehended heart of beast god long ago. He could be said to have met the various expectations, and his avatar was consistently cultivating in a cultivation space within the space of inheritance.

With a rate of 10,000 times of time velocity, he had been cultivating for many years.

What Luo Feng had accumulated was more than abundant. So even if he was slower, upon enduring a few more years in the outside world, he would be able to break through; that was for sure. If he was fast, the breakthrough could be anytime.

This breakthrough… It could occur at a time when he was getting emotional or feeling touched or just looking at the revolving, starlit sky or even in a life-or-death battle. In short, no one knew when it would happen because at any point in time, with a little touch of his gifted talent, he might be enlightened and thus be able to achieve the breakthrough.

Palm universe was a unique treasure. Luo Feng could not comprehend Shi Wu Wings and the Boat of Mausoleum because they were both too profound. However, Palm Universe was very close by. Since he could create a secret technique at a universe supreme master level—and what this Palm Universe contained was also at the ultimate limit of a universe supreme master—Luo Feng could, therefore, vaguely comprehend it. Just one touch of this Palm Universe, and the bottleneck that he was stuck at for so long seemed to disappear soundlessly. He had, thus, broken through this bottleneck.

Luo Feng suddenly opened his eyes. “Teacher.”

Primal Chaos City Leader looked over.

Teacher and disciple exchanged glances, and mutual understanding traversed the space between them. The look of excitement on Primal Chaos City Leader’s face was hard to conceal. This disciple of his was beyond formidable. Even though he had yet to achieve his breakthrough, he was already so powerful. Once he achieved his breakthrough… he would be a great help in the final battle that was drawing close.

“I will first make a trip out,” Luo Feng said.

“Go.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. At the same time, he stopped the execution of Palm Universe right away for Luo Feng to exit.

Shua!

With a single teleportation, Luo Feng disappeared wordlessly.

Luo Feng’s god country was so endlessly vast that it could be described as inexhaustible.

Hua!

The endless Remote Ocean was always filled with ripples, and even without any wind, it had waves that rose up to three feet high. This endless Remote Ocean stretched over a diameter of 80 billion kilometers. It was deep and vast, and its normal waves were so big that they were astounding. With this endless Remote Ocean, together with the additional support from his god country, even if other universe supreme masters were to barge their way in, they would be in for a great loss.

The god country that was originally peaceful underwent a change. Just as Luo Feng broke through the bottleneck while he was inside the Boat of Mausoleum—

Hong!

The origin laws of the primal universe fell right away. An endless oppressive force enveloped the entire god country. The endless Remote Ocean that was originally considerably peaceful was suddenly surging with mighty waves.

“Huh?”

Amidst the endless Remote Ocean, a figure suddenly emerged. This was Remote Ocean body. It was looking up into the sky where immeasurably huge, black and white whirlpools were appearing. These rotating whirlpools were enormous, and they carried with them an inexhaustible amount of power.

Upon discovering his breakthrough, Luo Feng destroyed his previous Remote Ocean body and bred a new one right away. It was the fastest method to get back to god country.

“Breakthrough!”

Luo Feng’s Remote Ocean body teleported out into the sky beyond the edge of the entire Remote Ocean in a flash.

“This tremendous momentum is so, so imposing.”

Luo Feng looked up into the sky to see that huge whirlpool which had a diameter greater than tens of billions of kilometers. This was different from the previous five-colored whirlpool that had appeared when he achieved his breakthrough to become a universe knight. This time, it was composed of alternating black and white ones. Within a large black whirlpool, there was a white one, and within this white one, there was another black one.

Black whirlpool, then white whirlpool. Black whirlpool, then white whirlpool. Round after round.

While exuding a formidable oppressive force, there was a passageway at the center of this huge whirlpool. It was the link between the universe law ocean and Luo Feng’s god country.

“The critical moment!”

Luo Feng suddenly understood what was happening. It was the most critical moment of his breakthrough—the swallowing of godly power!

The endless Remote Ocean was massive. To increase his godly power, he would need a long, long time! And the bigger his godly body, the stronger the ability to recover. Even if a universe master were to self-destruct suddenly, the speed at which his godly power was consumed during this instant self-destruction was nothing compared to the speed of auto-recovery of Remote Ocean! The greater the volume, the greater the power. As a result, the speed of recovery would be even more alarming.

This was why the endless Remote Ocean progressed at a very slow pace during its initial stage of growth. For its diameter to double from 10 billion kilometers to 20 billion kilometers, a long time was required. For the diameter to expand from 20 billion kilometers to 80 billion kilometers, it would be much faster. But when the latter was compared to the speed attainable in future expansions, it was still considered to be much slower. Further down the road, the speed would soar to a figure that was exponentially faster. That was how Nine Remoteness Master had been able to create that massive Nine Remoteness Ocean.

Luo Feng was about to become a universe master. His endless Remote Ocean was still far inferior to Nine Remoteness Ocean. Therefore, Luo Feng would cherish this opportunity even more.

“The time for swallowing godly power is limited,” Luo Feng said to himself. “The swallowing must occur at the most efficient rate possible.”

Hong! Long! Long!

From the alternating black and white circles that were intertwined at the center of the whirlpool—that whirlpool passageway with a diameter of few tens of billions of kilometers—was pouring out ocean water that was empowered by a formidable godly power. Torrential ocean waters surged out in a frenzied manner.

Hong! Long! Long!

Like an ocean collapsing, the water poured out at a speed so fast that it was simply terrifying. Compared to when Luo Feng achieved a breakthrough to become a universe knight, everything was much faster this time around.

“Inhale, suck, absorb!”

Luo Feng used his willpower to the best of his ability and tried hard to control his endless Remote Ocean. He was absorbing like crazy, and the transformation took place immediately.

His godly power that was originally 10,000 times the life genes of knight soared up 100 times to hit a godly level of 10,000 times life genes—a universe master level!

Swallow, then transform… The rate at which that whirlpool passageway was pouring out godly power empowered the ocean water totally in sync with the rate at which Luo Feng’s endless Remote Ocean absorbed it. The faster he absorbed, the faster the pouring of ocean water would be.

“Transform! Transform! Transform!” Luo Feng was doing his best to keep everything, and he also noticed that after his willpower got stronger, it brought him more benefits.

The powerful willpower also greatly increased the efficiency of the transformation happening under his control. But no matter how great the increase was… it was still not enough.

A moment later, peace and quiet resumed in the god country. The oppressive force of the primal universe origin laws was gone, and for a short moment, Luo Feng could swallow godly power to his heart’s content.

“My endless Remote Ocean has a diameter of 80 billion kilometers.” Luo Feng stood in the sky above the Remote Ocean. “Just a while ago, the godly power transformed reached around 15 percent of the size of my endless Remote Ocean!”

Luo Feng estimated that the entire Remote Ocean must have had an approximate diameter of 80 billion kilometers, of which, more than 40 billion kilometers along its whole diameter was successfully transformed. That was approximately 15 percent of its entirety. In terms of efficiency, this rate was considered high. After all, the endless Remote Ocean was massive.

“When I became a universe knight previously, the rate of transformation was 12 percent. This time around, the rate has increased a little. I was lucky that my willpower also reached a breakthrough point. If my willpower had not reached the level of a universe supreme master, I’m afraid the transformation of godly power this time around would have been far lesser.”

Luo Feng continued his descent.

Pu! Tong!

He sank down into the endless Remote Ocean, where his body naturally fell apart and blended into the Remote Ocean.

Soon, a new Remote Ocean body was formed within the endless Remote Ocean. This Remote Ocean body was a lofty figure that was close to 10,000 kilometers tall. Its godly power was 1,000 times that of a universe master life gene level, and it was also ten times higher than the godly power of Luo Feng himself when he was still at the universe knight level.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The entire endless Remote Ocean was still resonating with the faraway universe origin law ocean, absorbing its godly power and trying hard to transform the entire Remote Ocean. The only pity was that now, the speed had slowed down considerably compared to before.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Three light rays appeared at the same time within his god country and transformed into three streaks of light high up in the sky. They flew about freely. Bouts of godly power rapidly shot out from the Remote Ocean below to quickly envelop the three godly bodies within their influence. These three godly bodies were none other than the original earthling body, Golden Horned Beast body, and Mosha body.

In an instant, the three godly bodies started to transform. The original earthling body and Golden Horned Beast body’s godly powers soared to 100 times, reaching a godly power level of 10,000 times that of a universe master life gene. Mosha body’s godly power also soared by 100 times, reaching a godly power level of 100 times that of a universe master life gene.

“My Mosha body, in terms of godly power, is comparable to my previous original body.”

The original earthling body, Golden Horned Beast body, Mosha body, and Remote Ocean body were all full of fighting spirit. His original earthling body and Golden Horned Beast body, with their pinnacle true treasure in hand, could both display an outburst of combat power up to the sixth tier as the top level! Mosha body, with its Blood Ghost Blade, would also be able to display an outburst of combat power up to the sixth-tier. Remote Ocean body was equipped with even more methods.

“Now, I have to address two things.”

Four different bodies of Luo Feng flew to the core of his god country. At the public square before his godly palace, the four bodies found scattered spots to settle down, where Golden Horned Beast body lay sprawled on the ground.

“The first thing will be my Mosha body!” Luo Feng whispered. “After becoming a universe master, the bottleneck of 100 times life genes will no longer be imposed on my Mosha body, which means I can bring the increase to as high as 1,000 times life level—or even 10,000 times of life level. Regarding the materials required to increase the life genes, I have already prepared them all.”

His Mosha body was not a flesh and blood life form, so it could not cultivate the Nine Volume Manual. Just like any ordinary universe master, it had to reach the level of a universe master before its current 100 times life gene level could increase further.

“The second thing will be my god country. If I achieve a breakthrough to become a universe master, my god country will become even more complete.”

Luo Feng looked at his own vast god country.

At that moment, his god country was slowly transforming. The expansion of its area was secondary. More importantly, the structure was beginning to stabilize toward an ultimate limit. Once the perfect transformation was completed this time around, the next breakthrough would be that of his god country’s “miniature universe,” which meant that this time, it was already the ultimate level of his god country.


Chapter 1297: The Humans’ Response

Human territory, primal secret region.

“Freedom Alliance!”

“Ancestral God School, Space Beast Alliance, lone universe supreme masters.” Primal Chaos City Leader stood against the railing and looked at Thousand Treasures River. “They’re all waiting for our response, and they want to know more information about how to become a universe supreme master and a limit universe supreme master. If we actually give them that, the inheritance of the ancient civilization will be widespread. Then all the powers will know about it. Why did Luo Feng even strive for it in the first place?”

It was indeed difficult for Primal Chaos City Leader. The inheritance of ancient civilization was divided into two parts. The first part was to cultivate the weaker beings into universe masters more efficiently, and the second part was to cultivate universe masters into universe supreme masters or even limit universe supreme masters!

The powers wanted the second part! However, humans needed territories to boom, so it would be good for the humans if they had hundreds of universe masters. If they didn’t have enough territories, 100 was a good amount. There were already around 1,000 universe masters from other powers, and once they had the inheritance, there would be more and more universe supreme masters. Some might even become as powerful as Teacher Origin. Then the inheritance would make no difference to the humans! In that case, other races would reap the benefits!

“We might as well just fight them!”

Don’t even think about getting the inheritance, not even a little bit, thought Primal Chaos City Leader. Even if we go back to the primal universe, Luo Feng will have much more power after becoming a universe master. All his bodies have power at top-tier level six, and that so-called alliance won’t be together forever. Luo Feng’s four bodies, Peng Gong, Darkness, and me… We can totally make the humans great again. We’ll only be weak for a while. Then we’ll thrive again!

Just as Primal Chaos City Leader was thinking, a being walked down the hallway. He wore a white cape, which made Primal Chaos City Leader’s eyes gleam.

“Luo Feng!” Primal Chaos City Leader said.

“Teacher.” The man in the distance looked up, took a step, and walked to beside Primal Chaos City Leader.

Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng and nodded contently. “Breakthrough?” he asked.

Luo Feng had a smile on his face. “Yes.”

He was indeed happy. Both his original earthling body and Golden Horned Beast body had reached the limit godly power of a universe master! Even universe supreme masters couldn’t wield power greater than him in Universe Ocean, which meant these two bodies were not weaker than anyone. As for Mosha body, its life gene level had reached more than 3,000 times, and his godly body was 10,000 kilometers tall!

However, it was difficult for Mosha body to reach the perfect life gene level now! After all, Mosha body needed many precious valuables to improve its life gene level, but it didn’t have much in storage. However, a life gene level at more than 3,000 times had already made Mosha body incredibly powerful. Remote Ocean body was the weakest at 1,000 times of life gene level but was still much stronger than before.

For what was worth, they were all able to wield power at top-tier level six in the original universe! In Universe Ocean, Luo Feng was much stronger, especially with his technique “Duan Mie,” which meant Luo Feng already stood among the top-tier beings both in the original universe and Universe Ocean. Even if he was weaker in laws, he could make up for it with his Blood Shadow Blade and Duan Mie —the technique left by the three ancestral teachers!

“Fantastic.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Wonderful!”

“Teacher, I can tell you’re worried. Is it about the upcoming final war?” asked Luo Feng.

Primal Chaos City Leader sighed. “How could I not be worried? The Freedom Alliance formed so suddenly and already has much more bargaining power. They’re waiting for our response… The Ancestral God School, the Space Beast Alliance, and the lone universe supreme masters have all come to us and named their terms, and are waiting for our response.”

“What do you want to do, teacher?” asked Luo Feng.

“If we say yes to them and give them all the inheritance, they’ll be the ones who gain the most, so what would be the point of us going through all this effort? We might as well just fight them, and if we lose, we’ll just return to the primal universe. If anyone dares to destroy the human territory, we’ll destroy their territory with Boat of Mausoleum as well! It’s better to give them all the inheritance.”

Luo Feng nodded and said, “Teacher, I have an idea.”

“An idea?” Primal Chaos City Leader gazed at Luo Feng.

“Teacher, I’ve become much stronger after becoming a universe master, especially my Remote Ocean body…”

Luo Feng started to elaborate on his plan, and Primal Chaos City Leader’s eyes gleamed as he listened.

After a while, Luo Feng finished describing his idea.

Primal Chaos City Leader was still anxious. “That would be much better,” he said. “However, can your Remote Ocean body actually resist it?”

“Don’t worry, teacher. If we really need to consume our godly power, that’ll be my biggest advantage. Even if they consume all their godly power, my Remote Ocean body will still have left,” said Luo Feng confidently. “As for other factors, I haven’t taken them into account yet, but I have Star Tower, so I believe I can perform it!”

Primal Chaos City Leader was still frowning and worried. Luo Feng’s plan was too crazy. He could die!

“No need to rush it. We need to test it first,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “We’ll test it first. If you think it’s okay, we’ll implement it.”

In Primal Chaos City Leader’s mind, he had the best chance to become a universe supreme master, followed by Luo Feng. And Luo Feng was the only inheritor of Duan Dong River inheritance, so he might have had a better chance to transcend incarnations in the future! He couldn’t put Luo Feng’s life in danger, even if that meant retreating back to the primal universe.

“Okay, let’s test it first.”

“I’ll call the other universe masters.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded.

All the universe masters from the human team gathered on the same day. There were over 100 universe masters there, and they took part in the test. Afterward, Primal Chaos City Leader went to talk to Teacher Origin, and he confirmed with Luo Feng again.

“Great! We’ve tested it, you’re confident enough, and Teacher Origin thinks it’s a good idea!” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. His eyes were gleaming. “These days, the Ancestral God School, the Space Beast Alliance, the lone universe supreme masters, and the Freedom Alliance are being too greedy—especially the Freedom Alliance. They want a response? We’ll give them a response.” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled.

Luo Feng smiled, too. “Teacher, it could get better.”

“We’ll let them choose whether they want to help us or the alliance,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

He had been hesitant before. After all, if they actually retreated back to the primal universe, the human race would develop much more slowly in the future. It was a tough choice to make.

Even though Luo Feng’s plan sounded crazy, it was achievable in the original universe! They had tested it with the 100 universe masters, and they had talked about it with Teacher Origin and other universe masters from the human race. Everyone had agreed with the new plan in the end!

They would fight to the end!

Ancestral God Secret Region, inside Ancestral God Palace.

Three ancestral gods, eight beast gods, guarding beast gods, and guarding godly masters had gathered. None of them belonged to the human team, the united forces alliance, or the Freedom Alliance; instead, they all belonged to the Ancestral God School, and almost everyone was a special life form.

“Everyone.”

Three ancestral gods sat in the thrones in the palace. The one in the middle had a ferocious beast head, and his hair—each strand as thick as a finger—drooped. His eyes were green, and he said, “The humans gave us a response.”

The universe masters, including Nine Remoteness Master, were all looking forward to the response.

“The response is simple. They’ll only give us the guide to become universe supreme masters! That’s the only price they’re willing to pay.”

All the universe masters were shocked that the humans were still so stubborn even in a situation as difficult as this.

“We had two requirements,” said a giant fish with a black body. “The first one is the inheritance on how universe masters can become universe supreme masters! The second is how to reach the limit of universe supreme masters. The humans don’t agree to the second one?”

“Ancestral gods,” said Nine Remoteness Master. “The humans only agreed to the first one? With no further negotiations?”

“That is their bottom line,” said the central ancestral god.

Everyone grew quiet.

“Decide whether we’re joining the humans or not,” said the central ancestral god.

On the same day…

An island floated on the golden waves. On the island, more than 400 universe masters sat on thrones. The beings who had gathered were all powerful, and space and time twisted around them as they gathered. This was the first power of the original universe: the Freedom Alliance!

They were waiting for humans’ response as well. The representative from the human race had just left.

The response was very straightforward. “We’re willing to give you the inheritance about how to advance from universe masters to universe supreme masters, and this is the best we can offer. There should be no more negotiation.”

This was the only response. And it was up to the Freedom Alliance to decide whether they were going to join the humans or not.


Chapter 1298: Arrangement

More than 400 great beings from the Freedom Alliance gathered at the center of the alliance.

“I bet you’ve all learned about the humans’ response,” Shi Hua Island Leader said. “Even those who weren’t there when the representative came must have heard about it now, after talking with other universe masters. Now that we know their response, I am open to suggestions as to how we should proceed.”

Some of the ill-tempered universe masters roared in response.

“The humans are too reckless and arrogant. They didn’t even show any respect for us! The Freedom Alliance is the most powerful alliance in the universe! Without our help, they can’t survive in the original universe!”

“What do they gain for being so reckless? They don’t even have a way open to retreat.”

“Don’t they want to survive?”

Since the formation of Freedom Alliance, the members had felt that they were in a different status in the original universe. They weren’t as weak as before; instead, they were the powerful Freedom Alliance. They thought that humans would definitely agree to their terms, so they all got furious when the humans rejected them.

Some universe masters started to talk with each other.

“Night Flame, what do you think?”

“Actually, we’ve been stuck at the level of universe masters for a long time, so becoming universe supreme masters is what we most desire. As for limit universe supreme masters? That’s too far from us… Actually, Shi Hua Island Leader is the one who most desires to become a limit universe supreme master! To us, the conditions offered by humans are satisfying already.”

“I think so, but Shi Hua has a huge influence on our alliance, so he won’t just say yes easily.”

“True.”

“Besides, some of the races that were bullied by pinnacle races and those really confident also stand by Shi Hua Island Leader.”

Shi Hua Island Leader sat listening to the debate. He glanced across all the 400-something universe masters sitting close to each other and thought, The Freedom Alliance is huge, but lots of races are actually enemies of one another! The only reason they came together is that they were pressured by both sides. Actually, there are too many races and divisions in the alliance…

Some of the races are too progressive and confident! Some are fearful, and they still look up to pinnacle races like before and don’t want to wrong them. Some are mature… Some are sneaky… It’s difficult for them to follow me. I need to get them on my side this time, and we have to force the humans to give us the inheritance to become limit universe supreme masters.

They talked about it for half a month, yet nobody could convince anybody. Universe masters all had long lives, and this was a crucial time for them. There were way too many races in the Freedom Alliance, and some had been enemies for a long time. Even Shi Hua Island Leader couldn’t keep them under control.

Shi Hua Island Leader rarely spoke during this time. Instead, he’d been observing.

Many universe masters are ambitious. The Freedom Alliance is a powerful alliance, so lots of universe masters want to control this power.

Like the Northern Territory Alliance. The alliance master didn’t have any rights. Instead, Star River Master, Black Lotus Master, and Xuan Lan Star Master had the executive power.

Some universe masters were ambitious and wanted to marginalize Shi Hua Island Leader so he would be a leader in name only. Shi Hua Island Leader wouldn’t just let his power go like that. The debate showed how serious the power struggle was among the divisions and races within the Freedom Alliance.

There was an independent mountain at the top of Space God Mountain named Ancestral Mountain. There, space and time were twisted, and the electric snake was crawling.

Hong! Long! Long!

A giant being showed up on Ancestral Mountain.

“Humans, how ambitious they are!” Space Beast Ancestor said in a furious voice.

“How should we decide, Ancestor?”

“Ancestor, we’ll force those humans to give us the inheritance. We need to show them what we’re capable of!”

The universe masters gathered, and they were all furious. They hadn’t expected that the humans would dare to give a response like that!

“Teacher Origin was born among the humans, so they’re proud of themselves,” said Space Beast Ancestor slowly. “And now, Luo Feng has received the inheritance from Duan Dong River. How can they not be ambitious? Do you really think they’ll give away the inheritance to the limit power that easily? I thought they would have given us because they’re in a desperate situation. Yet they still refused to give us!”

Space Beast Ancestor was furious. He thought he was no stranger to Luo Feng, and Luo Feng was one of the top seniors in the human race. On top of that, he had gone to talk to Luo Feng directly. He had thought the humans would definitely give him the experience of how to become limit universe supreme masters.

However, the humans had still refused, and they were only willing to give them the experience of how to become universe supreme masters.

“What should we do, Ancestor?”

“We can’t let the humans off the hook like that!”

“Ancestor…”

The space beasts were all roaring. They were naturally bloodthirsty with great pride, and they were very disappointed that the humans wouldn’t agree to all the requirements they made.

“No need to rush yet,” said Space Beast Ancestor. “It’s not the time to make a choice yet. I know humans. Even if they resort to retreating back to the original universe, they won’t give out the inheritance. We need to wait for our chance. When the humans are finally in despair, they’ll panic, and if they still refuse to give us the inheritance, we’ll join the alliance and make things worse for them!”

“Okay.”

“Humans, humans!” roared the space beasts.

They may have been friends with some universe masters from other races, but when it came to the benefits of an entire race, they would definitely stand by their race’s side! Luo Feng had lots of friends as well, yet he still stood by the humans. Survival in wars could be cruel.

The human race gave a response to the Freedom Alliance, the Ancestral God School, the Space Beast Alliance, and the lone universe supreme masters.

No powers were completely satisfied.

Human territory, primal secret region.

Luo Feng stood above Thousand Treasures River, and Darkness Master was beside him.

“Some of them must be very disappointed at our responses,” said Luo Feng. “However, they’re facing a choice. If they choose the united forces alliance, they might not get any inheritance even if they win the war. If they choose us, they can at least get part of the inheritance.”

Darkness Master nodded. “That’s right, so it won’t be too bad. Some powers will choose us, at least.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded. “If we actually lose the war, even if we slow down, we’ll prosper after a time.”

“That’s right.” Primal Chaos City Leader was confident.

“Go.”

Luo Feng waved his hands, and a nine-level tower flew out from his palm in the center of Thousand Treasures River.

“Larger, larger, larger!” commanded Luo Feng, controlling Star Tower.

Hong! Long! Long!

Star Tower grew larger and larger, taller and taller. 100 million kilometers, a billion kilometers, ten billion kilometers. It stopped expanding after it nearly hit the palace where Luo Feng lived.

“Let’s begin the arrangements,” said Luo Feng.

“Let’s go. I need to see it as well. This might be the only chance, as I see it.” Darkness Master smiled.

Luo Feng smiled. “Let’s go!”

They walked to the edge of the bottom of Star Tower. It bordered Luo Feng’s palace. They flew into the palace and entered a quiet secret chamber. Inside, there was an exquisite sculpture on a wall that stood about 100,000 kilometers tall. These palaces were, after all, the homes of universe masters, so the palaces were massive. This quiet chamber for training was quite large; it was not unheard of for a wall to be 100,000 kilometers tall. The exquisite sculpture on it was actually a portal.

“The god country portal was already established.” Luo Feng pointed at the sculpture. “This is the entry to my god country.”

“Let’s go!”

Luo Feng took a step and touched the wall. After a ripple, Luo Feng entered, and Darkness Master entered as well.

Mosha body was guarding Star Tower, so it could easily control Star Tower.

In the vast god country.

Hong! Long! Long!

Remote Ocean was tumbling, and above it was a light screen. Two beings walked out: Luo Feng and Darkness Master.

“Is this your god country?” Darkness Master looked around and exclaimed, “Impressive!”

Luo Feng smiled and nodded. His god country had already hit its limit! It would become a miniature universe if it progressed a step further. There was no need for him to hide his god country anymore.

“This Remote Ocean body of yours…” Darkness Master looked down at the endless remote ocean, and admiration flashed through his eyes. “Impressive. With such a godly body, there will never be a shortage of godly power.”

“It’s just luck.” Luo Feng smiled.

For one thing, he transferred the soul of Golden Horned Beast to himself, and the blood he had chosen was the limit of what a golden horned beast could bear. It wouldn’t be able to breed it if it exceeded the limit. Also, he had the Nine Volume Manual, so he could gradually improve the genes of his bloody sea from the prince level all the way to Nine Remoteness Master’s level.

Darkness Master shook his head. “It’s not just luck.”

Luo Feng smiled. “I’ll begin.”

Luo Feng looked at the endless Remote Ocean, and his mind started to control it. Suddenly, Remote Ocean started to tumble. The water surged and flew toward the light screen like a dragon.

Hong! Long! Long!

The tumbling Remote Ocean rushed toward the other end of the portal. Meanwhile, in the primal secret region, water from Remote Ocean flooded out from the sculpture in Luo Feng’s training room.


Chapter 1299: Division of the Camps

In the core ground of the primal secret region, the palaces of Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader were scattered all over the area. Thousand Treasure River was rippling, and a nine-story tower that was several tens of billions of kilometers tall was being suspended right in the middle of Thousand Treasure River.

“Eh?” A figure suddenly flew out from within the tower. He wore black all over and was looking down at the sight before him.

“Snow Sand Ocean!”

Mosha Luo Feng quickly took control of the situation. At one time, the boundless Snow Sand Ocean was rapidly moving to enshroud the surrounding area of around ten billion kilometers, so naturally, the palace where Luo Feng resided, along with part of the base of Star Tower, would be enshrouded.

Hong!

The turbulent waters of Remote Ocean directly surged out of the palace where Luo Feng resided like a water dragon—at a speed that was almost as fast as the speed of light. At the base of Star Tower, a side door adjacent to Luo Feng’s palace opened. This side door was around one billion kilometers tall, so jets of ocean water columns surged in easily.

Mosha Luo Feng was drifting about amidst the icy, snow-white sand grains with brows slightly furrowed. “The water column has a diameter of 100,000 kilometers. Even if it charges over almost as fast as the light of speed… to turn the entire endless Remote Ocean around, I will still need a long, long time.”

Indeed, it would take an extremely long time. Until today, the diameter of the water column was only 100,000 kilometers, while the endless Remote Ocean was a massive ocean with a diameter of 80 billion kilometers.

This water column continued erupting at the speed of light, yet even if the eruptions were still consistent after one year, it was still only a small part of the entire endless Remote Ocean. There were many universe masters whose godly bodies were not even 10,000 kilometers tall, but for this column of the ocean water of Luo Feng’s endless Remote Ocean, even after one year of transportation, the Remote Ocean showed no trace of movement at all. This showed how vast it truly was.

“I still need to continue establishing god country transportation passageways,” Mosha body said to himself.

Hong!

Mosha body was here while the original earthling body was in god country. They both worked single-mindedly to start establishing stationary god country transportation passageways. Stationary god country transportation passageways were very common sights. Ordinary undying fighters such as the emperor of Black Dragon Mountain empire could also construct such stationary passageways. Or perhaps, to an ordinary undying, this might not be a small price. But to Luo Feng? Even if he were to construct 10,000 or even one million of such stationary transportation passageways. It would be something so simple and casual to him.

“Rise. Fix!” Mosha Luo Feng pointed to one of the empty grounds on the courtyard of his palace. That area had an approximate diameter of one million kilometers, and the entire passageway speedily fixed and stabilized.

A god country transportation passageway could be big or small. The smaller it was, the easier it was to construct; the bigger it was, the more stable it had to be, so the more difficult it was to construct. Especially when the god country transportation passageway continued to expand, the price to pay would soar accordingly. Luo Feng might own quite a sizable fortune, so it did not affect him at all, but he was also unwilling to waste too much of his fortune. When he was constructing the entrances of these god country transportation passageways, the largest diameter would normally be one million kilometers, and the smallest would be a few tens of thousands of kilometers.

One after the other, passageways were established!

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Numerous water columns of Remote Ocean—be it immeasurably thick or extremely fine—surged and gushed toward that side door like thousands of horses galloping together at a high speed that could almost match the speed of light. That side door was, after all, as tall as 100 billion kilometers, so it could easily accommodate the impact of so many water columns of the Remote Ocean. However, as the number of passageways continued to increase, Star Tower was forced to expand further, and this expansion took place in all other directions possible.

That was still acceptable. The space of the core ground was enormous. After all, Thousand Treasure River spread over an area of a few light years, which was a good measure of how vast and wide that space was.

Star Tower continued to expand to hundreds of billions of kilometers tall, then continued expanding. Eventually, all the side doors and the deep abyss at the base of Star Tower opened to accommodate more and more ocean water flowing in from the Remote Ocean.

“Construct, construct, construct.” Luo Feng was constructing without restraint. “Too slow, too slow, too slow.”

He was also frustrated over how massive the endless Remote Ocean was. However, he could only continue to construct god country passageways painstakingly. As many as one million passageways fully occupied the surroundings of Luo Feng’s palace grounds, and their total surface area added up to a diameter of 100 billion kilometers.

Even so, within three days, the endless Remote Ocean was fully transported into Star Tower from god country.

Within these three days, many great beings from various races, and even some undying fighters, sector lords, and guards of the human race were filled with doubts. Why would that endless Snow Sand Ocean envelop such a great piece of domain? Yet, even if they were dying of curiosity, there was no way they could seek comprehension.

Within Star Tower. In a vast, individual space, the water of the endless Remote Ocean was flowing out. Luo Feng, Darkness Master, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Peng Gong Master were positioned above this space.

“I consider myself to have truly experienced this.” Darkness Master sighed. “These three days, I have stayed around and truly felt how massive this endless Remote Ocean is! With a passageway with a diameter as wide as 10,000 kilometers, even if you take one to ten years to transport, or even up to 100 years, it would still be very far behind. If this was the transportation of my godly body, I don’t even need the time for a blink of an eye.

Primal Chaos City Leader laughed and said, “Otherwise, how could Nine Remoteness Master’s Nine Remoteness Ocean be considered comparable to a supreme true treasure? Because the other races were completely helpless against his Nine Remoteness Ocean… that’s why it is worthy enough to be compared to a supreme true treasure.”

Peng Gong Master looked down with great envy. Such a massive godly body!

“It’s overly massive. Moving it is tedious and difficult,” Luo Feng said, mocking himself. “You see, just moving it here from my god country has consumed so much of my strength. I’ve been constructing transportation passageways like crazy because I can only depend on these transportation passageways to gradually channel over the ocean water of the endless Remote Ocean.”

In fact, Luo Feng had been racking his brains for a solution on how to transfer the endless Remote Ocean over.

Because the endless Remote Ocean could only move about in its entirety, and it moved so slowly that it was almost tortoise-like speed. In the beginning, Luo Feng had to bring Star Tower into god country. Then Star Tower was expanded to a massive size so that ocean water from the endless Remote Ocean could gush into Star Tower all at once. This would facilitate the transfer well. This was earlier on, when Luo Feng was still quite weak.

He once had to depend on Star Tower to achieve such a transfer! However, that was when Remote Ocean was still small! And the level of its godly power was weak! But now…everything was different.

Upon bearing the entire endless Remote Ocean, the speed at which Star Tower moved became ridiculously slow! Luo Feng felt overwhelmed by exhaustion. Even if the speed of movement was slow, making use of god country transportation passageway, it should be able to move fast. Yet the truth was, when Star Tower barely made it to the entrance of the god country transportation passageway, it caused the entire god country transportation passageway to collapse!

The oppressive force exerted on Star Tower after bearing the endless Remote Ocean was simply overwhelming! God country transportation passageway was too weak and fragile by comparison; there was no way it could accommodate a Star Tower that was bearing the endless Remote Ocean.

Luo Feng was dumbfounded, too. Could it be there was no way he could transfer Star Tower that was bearing the endless Remote Ocean?

Fortunately, Luo Feng recalled that he could establish more god country transportation passageways so that the ocean water from the endless Remote Ocean water could directly flow through. This ocean water from the Remote Ocean was well-suited for flowing. Naturally, it was fast and efficient. This made Luo Feng sigh in relief. Luckily, this took the form of ocean water. If this was a massive mountain range or a world tree or the likes of it, he would have worries such as whether he was able to construct a god country transportation passageway that was so massive!

No matter what, after painstakingly going through various hardships, he finally managed to move endless Remote Ocean from the primal secret region into Star Tower with the use of god country transportation. Then Luo Feng stored Snow Sand Ocean and everything resumed peace and quiet. Those great beings from various other races were filled with doubts, but still, they were unaware of what happened over the past three days.

Following this, the human race started a long and slow wait. Various methods were in place. They were just pending the replies of the various groups of powers.

“The Ancestral God School has promised to join the human camp!”

“The Ancestral God School has requested that we give them a part of that guidance first. Then, after the war, we will give the other part.”

“All right.”

“Haha…! With the Ancestral God School joining the human camp, it will be equivalent to gaining three more ‘sixth-tier as the top level’ combat powers. And the Ancestral God School has two supreme true treasures.”

The moment they heard this piece of news, the sea of humans was a scene of jubilation. On the contrary, the united forces camp was in a rage when they learned of the news. The internal disagreements within the Freedom Alliance went on. When they heard that Ancestral God School had chosen to join the human camp, these disagreements within the Alliance grew even more heated!

Updates arrived successively.

“Black Universe Creator has decided to join the united force camp!”

“Northern Territory Alliance Master has decided to join the united force camp!”

“E Zhou is joining united force camp!”

“Virtual Real Devil God is joining united force camp!”

The humans might be feeling bouts of pressure, but they continued to prepare themselves. Since the humans had no intentions of giving out information on cultivating to reach the ultimate limit of a universe supreme master, it was a fact that these supreme masters who traveled alone were not going to help the humans. On the other hand, the united force camp was rejoicing.

At that very moment, the division of powers between the two sides was gradually coming to light. Other than Sitting Mountain Guest, Demon Beast Ancestor, and a few other great beings who had not made their stand yet, the majority of the groups of powers had already announced their decisions. Now, only the Space Beast Alliance and Freedom Alliance had yet to make their final choice.

“The Space Beast Alliance has sent its envoy here again. Quite an eloquent one, he even said that imparting them information on cultivating to reach the ultimate limit of a universe supreme master will not affect the overall situation that the primal universe is in… Through the conversation, it is so obvious that there is a hint of a threat, and apparently, this Space Beast Alliance is also contemplating whether or not it should join the united force camp.”

“There is no need to bother about him. Now, the Freedom Alliance’s decision is our greatest concern.”

Right now, within the entire primal universe, various groups of races were all looking toward the Freedom Alliance. It was the most important source of strength, especially with the united forces camp’s increase in ability, which had already surpassed the human camp’s power by leaps and bounds. But the moment the Freedom Alliance decided to help the humans, then no matter what, the united forces camp was destined for failure.

Fight! The internal disagreements within the Freedom Alliance were severe.

The majority wanted to join the human camp. At least they could obtain the guidance from the cultivation experience of the ancient civilization on how they could cultivate to achieve the universe supreme master level.

The other part of the Freedom Alliance—including Shi Hua Island Leader—wanted to pressure the humans into acquiescing to their demands. Otherwise, they would join the united forces camp as a way of threatening the humans.

The differences between both parties, especially when the situation within the entire primal universe eventually depended on their decisions, became even more serious. The more aggressive party headed by Shi Hua Island Leader and the more stable party that consisted of the various other groups were engaged in an extremely intense fight against one another.

It was the third month since the endless Remote Ocean had entered Star Tower.

“Luo Feng.”

“Teacher.”

Luo Feng met with Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Come over to Earth as fast as you can,” Primal Chaos City Leader requested. “The avatar of the alliance master of the Freedom Alliance, ‘Shi Hua Island Leader,’ has landed on Earth this very moment.”

“Landed on Earth?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Yes. He is here alone to negotiate with us humans.” Primal Chaos City Leader was very solemn as he continued. “Because we have many great beings of various races in our primal secret region right now, he is unwilling to disclose his identity… Therefore, the venue for negotiations will be on Earth. Seems like Shi Hua Island Leader intends to help the human camp.”

“Alone?” Luo Feng seemed to have an inkling of what was going on. “What Teacher means to say is that he is not representing the Freedom Alliance… but representing only himself?”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded slightly.

“All right, I will go and meet up with him.” Luo Feng nodded.

The individual being sent for negotiations was a clear reflection of the degree of importance. Currently, within the human camp, the ones of the highest status would be Primal Chaos City Leader, Luo Feng, Darkness, and Peng Gong. Out of these four, the status of Primal Chaos City Leader and Luo Feng were of higher importance.


Chapter 1300: The Final Choice of Freedom Alliance

Life on Earth was as peaceful as ever. The war between the two major camps in the primal universe had not aroused the slightest trace of disruption to the populace living on the countless life planets. This populace was made up of the common people.

Strolling along the wide and spacious pavements, it was common to see warriors walking out of dojos in their training uniforms, and there would be many universe businessmen walking down the streets while discussing business matters.

“Luo Family?”

A purple-robed figure stood before the door of an old mansion.

This old mansion was the house of the Luo Family. Even on Earth, it had a unique significance. By the doorstep, there were guards to stop intruders or simply the common public who were trying to satisfy their curiosity. But where the purple-robed figure stood, it seemed like the people walking past him—or even the guards at the doors—could not see him at all.

“Mama, is this Luo Feng’s house?”

“Yes, this is Luo Feng’s house. Haven’t you been making a racket about coming to Earth to see the noblest leader of the pulse of us Earthlings? Mama has fulfilled my promise and brought you here. When we get back to Jade Birch Star, you must train hard at the dojo.”

“Yes, Mama. I heard that Luo Feng was born in a distant base city era of our Earth, and at that time, there were many cities that were in ruins or desolate waste. I want to see them all.”

“Don’t worry. This time around, we have ample time on Earth. We can go to many attractions.”

A pair of mother and son, who both had black hair and black eyes with yellow skin, were walking along a sidewalk a distance away from Luo Family’s mansion. After a brief discussion, they left shortly after.

Every day, there would be many people coming to this place even during the base city era. Since the time when Luo Feng and company did not hesitate to risk their lives to fight that swallowing beast, his status had already soared to the level of an absolute hero. Thereafter, when the Nuolan Shan family clan descended on Earth, Luo Feng had once again stepped out to ward off their attacks.

Luo Feng’s status got higher and higher, and the publicity on Earth would naturally praise him to even higher elevations. There were also earthlings roaming about the universe who had benefited greatly from Luo Feng’s help. This made them even more thankful for Luo Feng… Therefore, over the past tens of thousands of years, generations of earthlings had passed on the heroic deeds of Luo Feng, and this was how Luo Feng became the greatest leader and godly spirit in the eyes of all earthlings entering the universe era.

A voice resounded: “Shi Hua Island Leader.”

The purple-robed figure turned around to look. On a bustling sidewalk crowded with people, there was a black-haired youth garbed in a silver-white robe approaching from a distance away. The people around him could not see him at all. It was as though they were in a different dimension altogether. On the pavement, there were many earthlings who specially came from other faraway planets to learn about how Luo Feng grew up through traces that were found all over his homeland. Yet no one was the slightest bit aware that Luo Feng was walking alongside them.

“Luo Feng!” the purple-robed figure greeted with a smile.

“I did not expect Shi Hua Island Leader to choose to meet here.” Luo Feng walked to the front of the mansion, then raised his head to take a look.

“I wanted to come and see the extraordinary great being from the talented young generation who rose from the human race at such a tremendous rate…” Shi Hua Island Leader said in a gentle tone. “Exactly how did he manage to rise? And what kind of environment could have cultivated this talent?”

Luo Feng smiled. He took one look at this Shi Hua Island Master, who was so handsome that he could be an epitome of perfection but seemed to be more of a neutral gender. However, this Shi Hua Island Leader was a unique life form, so it was also possible that he did not have any gender at all.

“Out of all you humans, the one I respect the most is Teacher Origin,” Shi Hua Master said softly with a sigh. “Especially the virtual universe Teacher Origin created. This virtual universe instantly made your culture 1,000—a million times more splendid! Even for faraway cultures that were scattered all over the universe, colliding with one another in the virtual universe could create new sparks. Various imaginations could become tangible within the virtual universe… Even I myself often get to experience your human culture within the virtual universe.”

Luo Feng nodded. With or without the virtual universe, it was indeed a world of difference.

“When I was in the virtual universe, I have seen quite a few rounds of the War of Talents of you humans. Only that particular year of the War of Talents that you participated in… I was wandering on an adventure in Universe Ocean and could not dare get distracted. Therefore, I clean forgot about watching it.” Shi Hua Island Leader shook his head while lamenting. “If I had watched it, I would be tempted to take you under my wing, taking you in as my disciple. How wonderful that would have been. This inheritance of Duan Dong River… How easy would it be for me to lay hands on it?”

“Even if Shi Hua Island Leader had watched that particular round of War of Talents earlier on, you would not want me as your disciple,” Luo Feng said. “At that time, I was not the most outstanding one.”

“True.” Shi Hua Island Master shook his head and lamented again. “No one will dare proclaim to know what will happen in the future. Even if I had seen your performance that day, I would not have guessed your fate. I would never have expected a young chap from an indigenous race to be able to rise to be my equal when he matured.”

Luo Feng gave a slight frown and said, “Shi Hua Island Leader’s purpose in coming here is not merely to have a chat with me, right?”

Shi Hua Island Leader’s expression changed instantly. “Luo Feng!” Shi Hua Island Leader stared at Luo Feng. “My purpose here is simple… Now, all the major groups of powers within the entire primal universe are paying close attention to the final choice of my Freedom Alliance. In other words, whichever side my Freedom Alliance chooses to join, that side will be determined as the winner.”

Luo Feng nodded slightly.

“And now, there are split opinions within my Freedom Alliance,” said Shi Hua Island Leader said. “One part wants to join your human camp. The other part wants even more! I belong to the latter part. My purpose in coming here is that I only have one goal: that you humans will impart to me the cultivation experiences of that ancient civilization on how I can cultivate the ultimate limit of a universe supreme master.”

Shi Hua Island Leader looked at Luo Feng. Luo Feng instantly let out a hint of a sneer.

“Don’t rush to reject me,” Shi Hua Master said. “I come here representing myself. In other words… the cultivation experiences to be able to cultivate to the ultimate limit that you humans give me are solely mine to own. If you give me this inheritance, I will not impart it to any other being of the Freedom Alliance. And I will lead and persuade all those under my influence in the Freedom Alliance to join your human camp.”

Luo Feng’s eyes lit up. “You mean to say…”

“Yes. That is exactly what I mean. You humans only need to fulfill an insignificant condition that the Freedom Alliance demands! As for the cultivation experiences to achieve an ultimate limit… you only need to give it to me! I will help you humans now that the Freedom Alliance is split in two internally and I have much influence over one of these two groups. If I help you, the stalemate will soon come to an end, and the Freedom Alliance will join your human camp. Besides, I am no fool. After I get what I am after, I will not be so silly as to share it with other great beings. Wouldn’t that be the same as training my enemy?” Shi Hua Island Leader looked at Luo Feng. “What do you think of my proposal?”

Luo Feng was tempted. If the experiences of the ancient civilization on how to cultivate to achieve the ultimate limit of a universe supreme master were only imparted to Shi Hua Island Leader, the humans would not need to worry about him spreading it to outsiders. Unless Shi Hua Island Leader was, indeed, a fool.

By only giving it to him, I can get over 400 universe masters to join my human camp?

Luo Feng nodded discreetly. Previously, his plan might have been impressive, but there were still risks attached. If the Freedom Alliance joined his human camp, they would truly be freed from any possible risk.

“Give me a moment,” Luo Feng said.

At that moment, in the virtual universe, Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, Peng Gong Master, and Darkness Master met on the apex of Thunder Island.

“This was what he demanded: to give him the experiences of the ancient civilization on how to cultivate to achieve the ultimate limit of a universe supreme master,” Luo Feng said. “Then he will help us! Teacher, Darkness, Peng Gong, what do you all think about his demands?”

“Only giving it to him alone?” Darkness muttered to himself pensively.

Peng Gong also nodded slightly. “Now there are two voices within the Freedom Alliance. One is willing to join us; the other is reluctant to do so and demands that we give them more. Shi Hua Island Leader is the leader of the group with the second voice. If he helps us… it is indeed possible to achieve a united voice within the Freedom Alliance as soon as possible.”

“Just giving it to him alone is possible,” Primal Chaos City Leader said slowly. “A single universe supreme master does not affect the big picture.”

“True. And when we give him the information about the inheritance, we can be as brief as possible!” Darkness Master sneered. “He doesn’t even know what the inheritance we have is like. We can give him simplified information… then tell him that it’s what we got. What can he do?”

Luo Feng also nodded. The four highest-ranked great beings of the human race all felt that giving the information to Shi Hua Island Leader alone—in exchange for over 400 universe masters joining the human camp—was a feasible deal.

“And we must give him a portion before the war and the other portion after the war.” Luo Feng smiled. “The portion before the war will have him coveting for more. After the war, when we give him the other portion, he may find it too brief… but the war will have ended. So what if he has regrets?”

“Mm.”

“True.”

“We can accede to his request.”

The higher-ups of the humans all nodded their agreements; Primal Chaos City Leader even contacted Teacher Origin once to consult him about this matter. Teacher Origin was also in agreement.

Firstly, they only had to give information to Shi Hua Island Leader. Secondly, even if he managed to get his hands on that simplified information on that inheritance, it would still be extremely tough for Shi Hua Island Leader to achieve a breakthrough and cultivate to reach the ultimate limit.

Earth.

“Internally, the human race has finished this discussion.” Luo Feng looked at Shi Hua Island Leader. “And all agreed.”

Shi Hua Island Leader heaved a sigh of relief and revealed a smile. “Before the war, we humans will give you a third of the information,” said Luo Feng. “If the Freedom Alliance joins the human camp in this war, then after the war has ended, we will give you the other two-thirds of the information.”

“Deal.” Shi Hua Island Leader nodded. “When will you give me the information?”

“Very soon.” Luo Feng replied. “The human race has held an internal discussion.” Luo Feng looked at Shi Hua Island Leader. “And we have agreed to accede to your request.”

“After your human camp gives me part of the information, I will act fast and urge the Freedom Alliance to join your camp,” Shi Hua Island Leader said without further ado.

The human camp, indeed, prepared a set of information on the inheritance that very same day and handed it over to Shi Hua Island Leader, who was excited and overjoyed to see it. This partial information alone was able to stir up his desire for more… and he was already yearning to lay hands on the remaining two-thirds. The only thing was, he had to wait until after the war.

The humans were all waiting anxiously.

“Shi Hua Island Leader wouldn’t go back on his word after receiving the information and not help us as promised, would he?”

“Fret not. Shi Hua Island Leader put so much effort into creating that Freedom Alliance, and even became an Alliance Master, for what? All of it was just for the inheritance, wasn’t it? It will do him no good at all if any of the universe masters from the Freedom Alliance also gets a part of it. Getting it all for himself is enough… He will handle this appropriately.”

Luo Feng, Darkness Master, Primal Chaos City Leader, and the rest were waiting anxiously. They were all worried that an accident might happen midway. After all, the Freedom Alliance was brimming with great beings. Even if Shi Hua Island Leader were to help, he was also unable to give a 100 percent guarantee that he would succeed in his persuasion.

Half a month after being given a third of the information on cultivation experiences from the inheritance, Shi Hua Island Leader finally sent a piece of news:

“Internally, the Freedom Alliance has arrived at a consensus. The Alliance has decided to… join the human camp!”


Chapter 1301: The Sudden Outburst

The vast primal universe was divided into two major camps. The human camp’s meeting point was the primal secret region while the meeting point for the united forces camp was Blood Tooth Star.

90 percent of Blood Tooth Star was composed of a vast ocean; at that moment, there was an old ship adrift on the Blood Tooth Star ocean where a group of supreme existences from all over the entire primal universe had gathered. Together, they were making merry to their hearts’ content, drinking the most precious wine and dining on the finest cuisine.

“With our combined strength, what can those puny little humans do to us?”

“Freedom Alliance? It’s so scattered. It only became united because the two major camps were pressuring it. Wait for the exchange of blows during this war… You all will see this happening. That Freedom Alliance is definitely going to have internal conflicts, and then they will be split up for sure. They are not going to be our match at all.”

The ten noble existences were seated in a dispersed manner as they talked about it brazenly. They were Shock Demon Ancestor from the demons, Father God of the automaton race, Empress of the bug clan, Devil Ancestor of the prison clan, Holy Master of the crystal clan, Black Universe Creator, E Zhou, Virtual Real Devil God, Northern Territory Alliance Master, and Space Ancestor. All of them put together represented half the number of universe supreme masters in the entire primal universe.

“If we all join forces, the marvelous combination of the various supreme true treasures will definitely unleash the strongest combat power. Even if the Freedom Alliance and human camp combine forces, we still have a chance of beating them.”

“True.”

“What a pity! That old fellow, Sitting Mountain Guest, refuses to join us—or rather, refuses to take any side at all! Just what is going through the mind of Sitting Mountain Guest? If he joins us, given his secretive and endless stream of methods, together with the numerous universe masters under our command, we can definitely come up with more methods. Then our chances of winning will increase by leaps and bounds.”

“You are gravely mistaken if you really think so.” Space Ancestor was seated within the ship while his tail extended all the way out and directly into the large ocean. “Sitting Mountain Guest and Luo Feng share a deep relationship, much deeper than any of you presume to know.”

“Oh?”

“Sitting Mountain Guest and Luo Feng?”

“What relationship?”

Everyone was surprised as they looked toward Space Ancestor.

“Teacher and disciple!” Space Ancestor’s eyes swept around his surroundings as he revealed these two words.

This sudden revelation shocked all the universe supreme masters. Previously, Sitting Mountain Guest had certainly disallowed Space Ancestor from divulging his actual relationship with Luo Feng to the outside world—unless Luo Feng gained the ability to protect himself. Now that Luo Feng could protect himself, even if Space Ancestor were to reveal their true relationship, he would not be considered as offending Sitting Mountain Guest. After all, deep down in his heart, the more Space Ancestor interacted with Sitting Mountain Guest, the more fearful he was of him.

However, this time around, he was filled with dissatisfaction. He was furious! He felt that Sitting Mountain Guest, being Luo Feng’s Teacher, must have gained some benefits from this arrangement! After all, in this vast universe, a teacher-disciple relationship was the most important kind! How could Space Ancestor not feel any jealousy for Sitting Mountain Guest?

“I see.”

“That Sitting Mountain Guest. Previously, he brought up that disciple, Flame Emperor, and now, he had cultivated this Milky Way Horde Leader, who was much more impressive than Flame Emperor.”

“How loathsome Sitting Mountain Guest is! He must have gotten the inheritance from his disciple way back then! No wonder he simply refused to join us when I invited him!”

“That fellow is always the first in line for all sorts of benefits.”

“Humph.”

These supreme masters were the top-level beings of the primal universe. For countless years, they had their fair shares of fights against one another, and at the very least, they had some understanding of one another. But toward Sitting Mountain Guest, they harbored… complex emotions. They were jealous and envious of him, but at the same time, they were fearful and cautious of him. There were even times when they had to beg him for help.

No one knew how powerful Sitting Mountain Guest was; what they knew was that he had never fought anyone in a head-on confrontation. He was more inclined toward the use of other supplementary methods to tease his opponents.

On the big ship, this group of top-level existences of the primal universe was brazenly voicing their opinions about various matters. One moment, they could be discussing the war between the two major camps, the next they could be talking about Universe Ocean, and the next moment, they could be discussing other supreme masters.

Just as they were pouring out their thoughts, without warning—the streamlined, towering body of Father God of the automaton race rose to his feet suddenly.

Father God of the automaton race might always have stayed within that black sphere body, but just like the rest, he had a godly body. However, his approach involved a machine type combat method, so he usually stayed within his black sphere where it was safer and where he could unleash a much more powerful combat ability. But in the primal universe, the greatest amount of power these universe supreme masters could unleash was limited to sixth-tier as the top level, so it was normal for him to appear in his original body.

“Everyone!”

The Empress of the bug clan let out a shocked expression.

“What is it?”

“What happened?”

Black Universe Creator, Virtual Real Devil God, and the others all looked over. All of them were very baffled over what could have caused the Empress of the bug clan and Father God of automaton race to lose their composure.

“I just received the news,” Father God of the automaton race announced in his strong and powerful voice. “The Freedom Alliance has reached a consensus internally and decided to join the human camp.”

“What?”

“Join the human camp?”

“Not good!”

One by one, their expressions changed drastically.

Previously, before the various supreme masters who traveled alone joined them, the united forces camp would never have been able to fight against the combined power of the Freedom Alliance and the human camp. However, after the various lone supreme masters joined them with their supreme true treasures—and with the Space Beast Alliance’s help—they had a fighting chance. However, this battle would be extremely trying because both sides were equally powerful.

Space Master suddenly let out a low growl. “We need to act quickly. No, we need to act now. Let’s set out now! There is nothing much to think about. We, the united forces camp, must set off right away and charge toward the human’s core ground—the primal secret region.”

“Old Beast God…”

The other supreme masters looked in the direction of Space Ancestor.

“Yes, what Old Beast Master said was right.”

“Yes.”

“Yes. We should act right away.”

They were all highly intelligent, even if Space Ancestor had not spelled it out, they would have figured things out on their own.

“Freedom Alliance has just reached a consensus, so they may not have obtained the part of the information of the inheritance from the humans… We should take the chance and strike before the two parties gather as one. If we charge our way into the human’s primal secret region right away, the crossfire between our two camps will only last for an extremely short time. By the time the Freedom Alliance rushes over, maybe the war will already have ended.”

“Right.”

“We need to make full use of all the time we have.”

Everyone was of one mind, one thought. They were all aware that the alliance between the humans and the Freedom Alliance would bring them an agonizing war to fight. Who knew? It might even become a prolonged war—a war of attrition! The outcome would be unpredictable! After all, the humans and Freedom Alliance merged; that would mean the two most mysterious beings of the primal universe, Sitting Mountain Guest and Shi Hua Island Leader, would be there. In addition, there was also Luo Feng, who had received the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River.

This war was filled with variables. No one was willing to fight such a war of attrition or a war filled with so many variables. They had to win this once and for all and as soon as possible!

“We must be fast, fast, fast, and end this war as early as we can.”

They were all very anxious. They knew that, in fact, Freedom Alliance traveled fast. One trip via god country transportation, followed by another teleportation, and they would arrive. They wanted to make it there before the Freedom Alliance. If not, ending this war was going to be extremely tough. But, they had to do this. It was the only way of settling this war that would be relatively easier and faster.

“Old Beast God, your Space Beast Alliance is going to act as planned, or…” Shock Demon Ancestor looked toward Space Ancestor.

“We can’t be bothered about other plans,” Space Ancestor decided in his low voice. “Now, we must focus all our strength and try to wipe out those humans in one swift stroke. In the end, we must capture the whole group of human universe masters.”

“Let’s go!”

“Let’s go!”

“Let’s go!”

The moment they started to act, they would act fast.

Old Beast God, Shock Demon Ancestor and the rest of the supreme masters seemed to remain on the big ship as though nothing much had changed, but those were just their avatars. Their original bodies had already started returning to their own races to give commands as they all prepared to take their troops out for war.

Merely three minutes later, in the outer space of Blood Tooth Star, within the vast starlit sky, many massive objects were gathering. At first look, there were 11 gigantic palace type true treasures belonging to the eleven universe supreme masters who were controlling them from the inside. Each of them was leading a troop of around 40 universe masters. Every palace true treasure would fetch a troop of one supreme master and 40 universe masters!

These 11 universe supreme masters were Shock Demon Ancestor, Dream Demon Ancestor, Father God of the automaton race, the Empress of the bug clan, Devil Ancestor of the prison clan, Holy Master of the crystal clan, Northern Territory Alliance Master, Space Ancestor, Black Universe Creator, E Zhou, and Virtual Real Devil God.

Previously, when the united forces of the three races fought against the humans, why had Luo Feng not captured the group of universe masters under Father God’s protection? Because Father God of the automaton race had remained hidden within his black sphere with the troop, which was also where he could keep on protecting them. So even if those universe masters were attacked by the impact of willpower of that Ancient God Eye and did not have much strength to resist it, Father God of the automaton race could use his own body to resist all of it.

Now, the united forces camp would be doing likewise, and they had divided themselves into 11 troops. Each troop would be headed by a universe supreme master! The most Ancient God Eye could attack at any one time would be one troop. Even if it were to launch an attack, with a supreme master by their side to protect them, the troop would be safe.

“This war!”

“What we all have to do is charge into the humans’ primal secret region. Then we will execute all our techniques together, and with one swift move, we are going to bring the human camp to total destruction. Then we have to rely on Empress Palace—belonging to the Empress of the bug clan—to swallow up the entire human camp of universe masters. Do not hold back. Act to your heart’s content.”

“All the universe masters.”

“For our races!”

“For our future!”

“Let’s go, humans’ primal secret region!”

Following Father God’s booming voice resounded in every corner, and the 11 massive objects representing the entire united forces camp took off. Almost at the same time, they all executed their god country transportation and left successively.

Previously, the united forces camp did not attack proactively because they were waiting for the response of the Freedom Alliance. If the Freedom Alliance had not made its choice after waiting for some time, they would have attacked the humans right away. That would anger the Freedom Alliance because if the united forces camp had really attacked the humans, the Freedom Alliance would not stand to gain anything at all. This was why the united forces camp was certain that the Freedom Alliance would join the human camp as fast as they could.

Previously, they were afraid that they would be pushing the Freedom Alliance to join the human camp, so they did not dare to make reckless moves.

Now, the moment they received this confidential information confirming about the internal consensus that the Freedom Alliance had reached—that they would be joining the human camp—the united forces camp would hold back no more.

At the same moment, in the primal secret region of the human territory, in the main palace, a group of human universe masters had gathered. They were all chatting and laughing among themselves. All of them were filled with joy.

“The Freedom Alliance has reached a consensus. Very soon, the entire Alliance will arrive. Once they arrive, we will reallocate all our universe masters. Then the united forces camp will have no chance of winning at all.”

“Haha…”

They were all waiting for the group of universe masters from the Freedom Alliance to arrive.

“The united forces camp would not have received the news already, would they? They may make use of the minor time lapse where the Freedom Alliance has to travel over to launch their attack right away, right?” Remote Lord Master suddenly said.

The entire hall fell into silence.

“Fret not.” Peng Gong Master said with a smile. “That was a top-level meeting within the Freedom Alliance. All who attended were universe masters, and besides, this concerned their personal interests. The moment they reached a decision, they notified us right away. Would they be so silly as to notify the united forces camp? Wouldn’t they be afraid that we would not hand them the information of the inheritance?”

The moment he finished speaking, Primal Chaos City Master’s expression changed drastically as he suddenly shouted, “Not good! Gather immediately! All you universe masters, brace yourself for war!”

His thunderous voice resounded throughout the entire core ground of the primal secret region to reach the ears of every single universe master.


Chapter 1302: The Surprise Attack

Upon hearing Primal Chaos City Leader’s voice, Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master, Darkness Master, and the others all knew that something was terribly wrong. All their expressions changed drastically.

“Teacher Origin just made a discovery.” Primal Chaos City Leader immediately notified the numerous human universe masters within the hall. “The united force consisting of the demons, the automaton race, and the bug clan is going to make use of god country transportation, all at the same time. Their gathering point should be around the surrounding region of one of the demon’s territories, Blood Tooth Star. Right now, they have all gathered and only need to make use of god country transportation and teleportation. Thereafter, very soon, they will arrive at our primal secret region. This leaves us with little time. We must gather all our universe masters immediately. Everyone must hide in Black Prison Tower. My brother, the task of protecting our universe masters, I will leave it to you.”

“Yes.” Darkness Master nodded.

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

Numerous figures started appearing successively within the hall. They were the figures of universe masters from various races that had joined the human camp. Seeing how pressed for time they were, Darkness Master saw no need for words. With a wave, a black pyramid instantly expanded at an alarming rate and stood erected within the hall. At the same time, he shouted out his orders: “Everyone must enter Black Prison Tower right away. We are going to prepare for war.”

“All right.”

“Into Black Prison Tower.”

“Supreme true treasure Black Prison Tower.”

This was the first time some of these universe masters from the various races had laid eyes on Black Prison Tower, especially those who had just joined the human camp. None of them were flustered because they understood that by hiding within a palace true treasure —with their opponent having no treasures of willpower with impactful forces—they would be very safe. The moment they were unable to resist further, they could immediately hide in the safety of the palace true treasure. At the very least, they would have no problems staying alive.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Streaks of light flew into Black Prison Tower. No matter what, all pre-war preparations were completed. They could respond to the start of a war anytime.

“Everyone.” Primal Chaos City Leader transmitted his voice clearly and gave very detailed instructions to over 100 universe masters in Black Prison Tower. “United forces camp will attack suddenly, and my guess is, they will arrive very soon! The strength of the united forces camp far surpasses ours. But there is no cause for worry. I have another piece of good news for you all. The Freedom Alliance has agreed to join us, the human camp. So long as we can press on for a time, we are bound to obtain victory in this war.”

“Luo Feng, Peng Gong, Darkness,” Primal Chaos City Leader looked towards the trio including Luo Feng. “You are all clear on what you must do.”

Luo Feng and the others nodded with smiles. Merely fight a war to pass the time! Very simple!

Primal Chaos City Leader transmitted his orders without delay. “All undying fighters and sector lords are to leave via god country transportation right away! Leave via god country transportation right away!”

Upon receiving his orders, within an instant, all servants and patrol guards who were originally situated within this core ground immediately reacted in an orderly manner. A group of sector lords would follow one undying, and this would make up one small team. Then a few small teams would make their escape together. Within a minute’s time, several hundred god country transportation waves appeared within the core ground of the primal secret region.

Primal Chaos City Leader also nodded silently. “Let’s set off then!” he commanded.

Luo Feng and the other two nodded as well. “Yes.”

As Darkness Master transformed into a streak of light and flew into Black Prison Tower, Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master, and Primal Chaos City Leader also transformed into streaks of light and flew toward the towering Star Tower that stood erected outside the palace.

In the primal secret region, there was a void space that was filled with a thin fog. With their mighty presence, 11 massive objects occupied this void space.

“We have entered the human’s primal secret region.”

“One more teleportation and we will arrive at the human’s core ground. Let’s prepare to fight a noteworthy war.”

“Let’s all prepare ourselves.”

“Now, I shall… unify our teleportation!”

The cold voice of Father God of automaton race resonated throughout the entire void space at the same time, as though his voice transmission could transcend time to reach out to any place of his choosing.

Hua!

Soundlessly, 11 massive palace true treasures vanished from the void space.

The secluded clusters of palaces were suspended in a particular area of this void space. Behind these clusters of palaces was a gigantic vessel, the Boat of Mausoleum, while in front of them, a towering nine-story tower stood erected: Star Tower. At that moment, there was not a single sound heard from these clusters of palaces; they were already devoid of living souls.

Weng!

In a particular spot, 11 towering palace true treasures suddenly appeared. Every single palace true treasure exuded a formidable force.

“How come there isn’t a single human to be found?”

“Emptiness!”

“No living soul. Not even living souls from other races can be found!”

They had just arrived, and every universe supreme master heading a troop within each palace true treasure was shocked to realize that this core ground had become a ghost town. They could not locate a single living soul, and this was the exact situation that worried them the most.

Right away, Black Universe Creator transmitted a report about the current situation. “Star Tower and the Boat of Mausoleum are there! Star Tower may be strong in defense, but it is still possible to cause it to waver. On the other hand, the Boat of Mausoleum… no matter how we attack, our efforts will be futile. That human camp must be afraid and timid, so they have all hidden inside the Boat of Mausoleum, where they can wait slowly for the Freedom Alliance to arrive.”

“Everyone, they are hiding in the Boat of Mausoleum, so there is no way we can touch them,” Devil Ancestor of Prison Clan replied via a voice transmission. “What should we do?”

“Loathsome humans. Timid humans.”

“They just ought to die.”

“How could they have learned so quickly that we had set off? We acted so quickly. By right, they should have been taken by surprise.”

The numerous universe supreme masters were all angry and displeased.

At that very moment—

Hong!

Suddenly, from one of the side doors on the ground floor of the lofty, nine-story tower—a black pyramid that was one billion kilometers tall —suddenly flew out. The deep abyss at the bottom of the tower had already opened, and a group of universe masters stood in a circle by the edge of this deep abyss. Darkness Master, Long Yan Master, Ice Mountain Master, and many universe masters from various races could be seen. A total of 139 universe masters were gathered in one place.

The moment Black Prison Tower made its appearance, 139 universe masters launched a joint soul attack.

“Attack!”

This overwhelming soul attack swept up everything around it, and since a soul attack was intangible, there was no way the naked eye could detect it whatsoever. All at once, 139 universe masters—even those who were more skilled in close-range combats and material attacks—were all executing soul attack techniques instead.

Hua!

Right away, the intangible soul attack charged toward a round-capped palace true treasure that was nearest to it.

“Not good.”

“Beware of the soul attack!”

The united forces camp could immediately sense something amiss. However, they had charged straight into the core ground right away, which meant that they were already very close to Star Tower. Furthermore, they had thought that the great beings of the human camp were hiding in the Boat of Mausoleum, so they did not exercise vigilance against Star Tower. A while later, over 100 universe masters were launching joint attacks focused on one of the eleven palace true treasures.

A pinnacle palace true treasure was not a supreme true treasure, so it was incapable of warding off a soul attack.

“Block it!” Devil Ancestor of Prison Clan roared in rage.

Hong! Long! Long!

A big group of universe masters in his surroundings were oblivious at the beginning, but as the soul attack closed in on them, naturally they started to sense it. They, too, executed soul attack techniques with their blurred godly power and threw their attacks at their opponent.

However, it was a force of 139 universe masters on the other side while they only had around 40 universe masters with a single universe supreme master. The difference was much too vast.

This was one disadvantage of dividing forces. By dividing themselves into 11 teams, indeed, the effect of Ancient God Eye would be greatly reduced, but at the same time, once any one team was attacked by the humans, it would almost be impossible to put up a resistance over such a terrifying attack.

So the ideal situation was for 11 troops to throw out attacks together and to rain down attacks until the humans were struggling to defend themselves, eventually reaching their breakdown point. This way, their opponents would not be able to attack and, of course, they were no longer threatening.

But judging by the exchange of blows earlier on, the joint soul attack by the humans was intangible, so by the time the united forces detected it, it was already too close to them. There was no way the other teams could make it in time to render help or block the attack.

Hong!

The mighty soul attack, upon breaking apart the resistance put up by Devil Ancestor of the prison clan and his team, immediately fell and hit them hard.

Devil Ancestor of the prison clan and around 40 universe masters in his team were all hit by the impact of the soul attack.

“Ah!”

“Ah!”

“Humans!”

At that moment, yells, curses, and roars all sounded at the same time. Yet no matter how they shouted and cursed, a number of universe masters, upon being hit by the impact, fell with a crash and completely lost consciousness.

“Attack! Attack! Attack!”

It was only then that the other ten teams arrived mightily and charged toward the human camp.

“Devil Ancestor, what should we do?”

“What’s our loss like?”

Right away, the universe masters were asking persistently.

Devil Ancestor transmitted his message. “We are still doing fine. Only one unlucky fellow has been annihilated.” Then he shouted another order: “Attack!”

The universe masters under his command who had made it through this ordeal immediately roared in rage and started to execute their attacks in a frenzied manner. They threw their attacks at Black Tower Prison in the distance.

The humans’ soul attack had previously been terrifying, but it had consumed quite a bit of power, and they were quite weakened. Furthermore, Devil Ancestor of the prison clan had immediately put himself before his team and resisted much of the impact from the attack. The others were only hit by the remaining impact of the aftermath. Universe masters were naturally extremely strong in soul defense; thus, only one unlucky universe master was unable to bear the force of the impact. As for the rest, though it was exhausting, they were all able to bear the impact and pull through to the end.

11 palace true treasures from the united force camp launched an overpowering attack capable of inundating everything between heaven and earth. Then, at the same time, they swept toward Black Prison Tower. Their might was so powerful that it threw the humans into a state of shock.

Sou!

Black Prison Tower, which was originally flying out of the side door of Star Tower, retreated back into Star Tower instantly.

“It’s too powerful. The attack from the united force camp is simply too powerful. We are not able to block it at all.” Darkness Master transmitted his reason for retreat right away.

Previously, when the human camp exchanged blows with the united force of the three races, the humans had suppressed to such a great extent that it was on the verge of collapsing. And at that time, the difference in power of both parties was much smaller than it was now.

This time around, it was 11 universe supreme masters and around 400 universe masters. The other party had over 100 universe masters. The difference in power was far too vast.

“Darkness Master continued with his report. “That palace true treasure that we attacked is now unleashing an outburst of powerful attacks, and the teams in the other palace true treasures were all comparable to one another. Primal Chaos City Leader, from the ambush we laid just now… there should be nothing much to gain. At most, we would have killed one to two universe masters, or maybe none were harmed at all.”

“Then for now, we shall wait,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Wait inside Star Tower. Wait for the Freedom Alliance to arrive.”

Behind another side door within Star Tower were Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Peng Gong Master.


Chapter 1303: Who Let the Cat out of the Bag?

Amidst the quiet, starlit sky of the universe, an island was erected right in the middle of the mighty golden waves. This was none other than the core ground of the Freedom Alliance.

Over 400 universe masters had gathered here and were seated on numerous thrones. They had come to a consensus not long ago and were waiting for the humans to hand over part of the information of the inheritance.

Shi Hua Island Leader was seated on the king’s throne as he gently swirled the wine glass in his hand. Lowering his gaze to look at the wine glass, he was smiling as he felt pleased with how things were progressing.

The great momentum at which the Freedom Alliance is progressing can be used to threaten the humans. Thereafter, I can get in touch with the humans without anyone from the Freedom Alliance knowing about it. Merely giving the information of inheritance to me as the condition in exchange for the entire Freedom Alliance to join the human camp… Oh, how easy it is to get hold of that information on cultivating to achieve the ultimate limit of a universe supreme master.

With these thoughts, Shi Hua Island Leader could not help but feel satisfied. He even started to develop feelings of self-admiration.

In fact, right at the beginning, when Luo Feng had received the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, Shi Hua Island Leader had already known that within the primal universe, there might be chaos! With the human race gaining strength and power, the conflicts with other races of the primal universe would intensify to such an extreme that there might even be the possibility of a brewing storm. Since then, he had started to devise his plan of action, albeit discreetly, and had tried to get himself acquainted with universe masters of various scattered races.

Those scattered races had low social statuses. Therefore, they would ask for nothing more if they were able to form acquaintances with supreme masters who traveled alone! This was how he had managed to get acquainted with a large group of universe masters so quickly.

The moment he caught wind of Huge Axe Creator’s annihilation, Shi Hua Island Leader had been immediately aware that this was a catalyst for an imminent war, and it had been ignited long before expected! If Huge Axe Creator was annihilated… the other races would most likely start communicating with one another to prepare in the dark. Or maybe they would not react quite so soon, so he had to quicken his pace and react right away.

Everything was developing as expected…

The pressure the two major camps exerted on the scattered races had created the perfect opportunity. Shi Hua Island Master immediately made use of his social skills and relationships with the other great beings to start a round of persuasions. Soon enough, he had gathered a sizable group of powers on his side. Relying on those he had roped in, he went on to further persuade other groups of powers. Finally, he combined everyone he had roped in and established a super alliance: the Freedom Alliance.

“Be an alliance master? To me, it is pointless. What I am after is… to be truly invincible! To transcend reincarnation! The first thing I want to do is to attain what Teacher Origin has achieved. Then I will aim to transcend reincarnation like East Emperor Ancestor and Purple Moon Ancestor.”

Shi Hua Island Leader’s chest ballooned up with his overwhelming desire. As a supreme master who traveled alone, he was never one to be bothered by the so-called “power of alliance.” He had established one because he needed to make use of it.

He had waited casually all the while, with his consciousness kept connected to the virtual universe as he waited for the humans to reply. He might have connected to the virtual universe before, but previously, he had done so via a hidden identity. However, since the negotiations between the Freedom Alliance and the humans took place, all universe masters and supreme masters from the Freedom Alliance had permission to connect to the virtual universe. This would facilitate efficient communication between both sides.

Suddenly, the leisurely and carefree expression on Shi Hua Island Master’s face disappeared to reveal a heavy and furious mix of emotions. Right away, his eyes swept his surroundings as he shouted out in anger, “Everyone! Just a moment ago, we came to a consensus, yet now, the united forces camp has already charged their way into the humans’ primal secret region!”

The sudden shout of anger resonated throughout every inch of space on the entire island. Over 400 universe masters who were still chatting merrily while waiting for the information about the inheritance a moment before were instantly dumbstruck.

“How could it be?”

“Why would the united forces attack the humans at this point in time?”

“We have just reached a compromise internally. How could the united forces attack the humans so soon?”

“Who? Exactly who could have let the cat out of the bag? Don’t you all know that by doing so, we might be throwing away our chance of getting the information on that inheritance?”

“Who leaked the news?”

The universe masters on the island were all in rage instantly. The most infuriated one was none other than Shi Hua Island Leader. This could possibly foil all his fine plans.

“Obviously, there is someone amongst us who has leaked the news.” Shi Hua Island Leader’s stern gaze swept across the numerous universe masters. “This… This is dashing the hopes for the future of all our universe masters! This is unpardonable! Of course, I won’t rule out the possibility of an accidental slip of the tongue while conversing with a disciple or friend… but right now, obsessing about trying to find the culprit is pointless. The humans are all in hiding, and the united forces camp can do nothing to them, so the situation is not worsening. What we must do now is head to the human territory right away to join forces with the human camp.”

“All right.”

“True.”

“We will set off now!”

“Not a single universe master here can be left out. Anyone who refuses to go shall cast the most suspicion on himself.”

Some of the universe masters were worried that their hopes of achieving a breakthrough to become universe supreme masters had been dashed. Indeed, they were so mad that they were gritting their teeth to contain their anger. Exactly who was the one who had spilled the beans to the united force camp?

“Setting off.”

“Setting off.”

Soon, six palace true treasures made a mighty appearance up in the sky above the island. Then they made a speedy departure via their god country transportation.

Although they were all from the same alliance, the internal struggles among the cliques formed within the alliance were quite serious. Some scattered races were sworn enemies of one another, so of course, they did not want to work together. As a result, the over 400 universe masters were split into six teams. And with around 70 universe masters in one team, the amount of power they wielded justified their arrogance.

In the primal secret region within human territory.

The nine-story tower stood erected amidst the void space, and in the distance, 11 palace true treasures were attacking in an unrestrained frenzy. They were causing widespread destruction by reducing everything within that void space to an uncountable flow of particles, which then rained onto Star Tower with a rumble.

Peng! Long! Long!

Hong!

Star Tower was bombarded. It might have been a little shaken, but it definitely was not sent flying off its spot. This shocked the united forces camp.

“So many of us universe masters! Together with 11 universe supreme masters, we are such a powerful combination of force, yet we are unable to cause Star Tower to budge from its spot? Could it be because the over 100 universe masters within Star Tower are all helping and doing their best to stabilize Star Tower?”

“Star Tower is controlled by Luo Feng. This Luo Feng was the one who received the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River. With him around, any mysterious occurrence is possible. The Boat of Mausoleum is a treasure with willpower capable of exerting impact, and he took it away.”

The united forces camp was angry, yet they were also anxious. Very soon, the attacks came to a halt because they were all aware that the attacks were a complete waste of their godly powers. The humans were successful in their surprise attack previously because what they were attacking was a pinnacle palace true treasure. Where a pinnacle palace true treasure was concerned, it had close to negligible soul defense ability. But a supreme true treasure was different. If their opponent was hiding within Star Tower and Black Prison Tower, those were completely capable of blocking all kinds of material and soul attacks.

“It seems like we are going to fight a war of attrition.”

“When the Freedom Alliance arrives, the situation is going to be even more troublesome.”

“No matter what, we cannot give up on this war. There is no way we can watch the humans becoming stronger! At the very least, we have various groups of power joining forces this time. If we still let the humans off easily with this force of ours, we will become laughing stocks!”

Behind one of the side doors within Star Tower were Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Peng Gong Master.

“Bombard us away?” Luo Feng laughed. “Haha! That endless Remote Ocean is one of my other bodies. Even though I had transferred it into Star Tower where I can personally control it, getting it to budge an inch is a challenge to my limits… Now that the endless Remote Ocean is within Star Tower, how heavy is Star Tower now? I really have no idea. And they seek to bombard it away?”

“The united forces camp must be extremely angry,” Peng Gong Master commented while shaking his head. “I’m afraid up until now, they are still oblivious to the fact that every move they make, Teacher Origin is watching, and we will always be a step ahead.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader both nodded.

Even within the human race itself, prior to this, Luo Feng and the rest had also been unaware that Teacher Origin was able to see almost every situation happening to them in every inch of the primal universe—not to mention the other races within the primal universe.

“Let’s wait for the Freedom Universe to arrive,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Then things will get so much easier.”

If there was no Freedom Alliance, the united force camp could have bound the humans quite effortlessly, and they could have sustained such bondage for eternity! All that was required of them was to leave behind over 200 universe masters and a portion of their supreme masters as permanent residents. Then the humans would have been completely suppressed. The other universe masters could then take turns to enter Universe Ocean for adventures anytime they pleased.

Seizing all the human territories, then binding the entire human camp were ways to deprive the humans of any room for development.

Very soon—the other races within the human camp would break away because those other races had to think of their own people as well. Yet this would cause the humans to get weaker and weaker, and eventually, it would be hard for them to establish a firm foothold in the primal universe. They might even have to retreat back into their original universe.

“Luo Feng, how could you be so daring as to…?” Primal Chaos City Leader took one look at Luo Feng as he sighed inwardly.

That plan was much too dangerous. Of course, the humans were in no danger at all. The one in danger was Luo Feng—only Luo Feng.

“We cannot do that. With the Freedom Alliance joining us, we definitely have an edge over the united forces camp. Luo Feng doesn’t need to take such a risk… The united force camps will never be able to realize their goal. It is their fate.” Primal Chaos City Leader was still waiting. He was still keeping in touch with Shi Hua Island Leader via the virtual universe, who had, in turn, informed him that the Freedom Alliance would make their way over without delay.

“Huh?”

From within Star Tower, Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master, and Primal Chaos City Leader looked out far into the distance and saw six massive objects making a sudden appearance.

“They have arrived!”

“They have arrived!”

Luo Feng instantly expressed his joy, while everyone else—from Primal Chaos City Leader to the numerous universe masters within Black Prison Tower—were all very excited.

Amidst the void space, 11 palace true treasures of the united forces camp were dangerously near. They had been conversing in secret because they knew that their opponent seemed aware of their plan of a sudden attack prior to their arrival and had managed to make a clean escape before they arrived. Thus, they had been unable to achieve their goal. As a result, they were forced to carry out a most insane war of attrition.

“They are coming.”

“The Freedom Alliance has arrived.”

They all saw the six massive palace true treasures appearing from afar, and those six palace true treasures exuded such a formidable oppressive force that it was obvious that the universe masters inside were doing it on purpose.

The Freedom Alliance’s six palace true treasures arrived in a mighty manner, unleashing such an endless, oppressive force that seemed to proclaim their status as the top group of power in the primal universe through the exhibition of such might.

“Humans, we have arrived.”

“We have arrived!”

This particular area in space might have been under the influence of those supreme masters who were forcing the virtual universe to remain open. All of them had avatars within their own race’s territory. Naturally, they were still able to connect to the virtual universe. This was how the six palace true treasures—apparently each with one representative from the six major factions—remained in touch with the humans.

“Freedom Alliance, what are you waiting for?” Primal Chaos City Leader responded. “Hurry over and help us humans. With both of us joining forces, we can definitely defeat our enemy, the united forces.”

“No hurry.”

“Primal Chaos City Leader, don’t get too anxious yet.”

“You humans must hand the information of the inheritance over to us first! As agreed, before the war, you must give us a portion of it. After the war, you will give us the remaining part. So, you all must first hand over part of the information of the inheritance… After we have seen, verified, and confirmed it, we will help you without reservation. Otherwise, we are in no position to attack anyone.”

“Yes.”

“Give us our share of the information on the inheritance first.”

The leaders of each of the six major factions were of one mind.

Chapter 1304

On an individual plane surface of the virtual universe, within an elegant and quiet hall, there were four stone chairs on one side, and six stone chairs on the other.

The side with four stone chairs had Primal Chaos City Leader, Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master. While on the other side, the six representatives from Freedom Alliance were seated on the other six stone chairs. They were also the representatives from the six major factions.

“You cannot expect us, Freedom Alliance, to help you for nothing.” Shi Hua Island Leader was the final representative from the six major factions to speak up. “You must first give us a portion of the information of the inheritance. After we have seen and confirmed that you are not messing around with us, we will promise to join your human camp and help you deal with the united forces camp.”

“Dear all from Freedom Alliance, do not worry.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Now, I will be giving every one of you here a portion of information of the inheritance.”

“All right.”

“All right.”

From the Freedom Alliance, other than the six representatives who were seated inside the hall, over 400 universe masters waited outside. They could all hear the negotiation going on inside, and the moment they heard that they would be getting the information of the inheritance, everyone grew eager and excited.

“Now, let’s begin.” Primal Chaos City Leader laughed. “Everyone, please look and study this carefully.”

Thereafter, through the virtual universe system, a message was sent out to over 400 universe masters! It contained a large amount of information. The moment these 400-plus universe masters—who had been waiting eagerly while conversing with one another— received this message, everyone instantly quietened down to look through the information carefully. Even Shi Hua Island Master was so filled with curiosity that he had to take a look for himself. Although he was a universe supreme master, he had achieved his breakthrough in a most aimless manner; he had no systematic experience to speak off.

Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master locked eyes with one another and nodded. They were very confident. Especially Luo Feng! Because this was information on the inheritance he had prepared meticulously. To make it much simpler, many important key points were omitted. Yet no matter what, even after the simplification—and some slight adjustments made by Luo Feng—what the universe masters would get to see would definitely shock them. Because this information on the inheritance was so subversive, it would make this group of universe masters from the Freedom Alliance yearn for the next part of the information even more. Luo Feng was not worried that they would not want to help the humans in this war.

“There is a lot of information,” Luo Feng relayed via voice transmission. “Even if we are to go through the virtual universe to try to achieve the fastest rate of information transmission possible, and even if it was the speed of acceptance of a universe master, it would still take quite a while.”

“Then we just have to wait for a little while longer,” Primal Chaos City Leader said with a smile. “We are inside Star Tower now. There is nothing the united forces camp can do to us… Just wait for a while. Nothing will go wrong.”

“When the Freedom Alliance joins forces with our camp, things will be so much easier for us.” Peng Gong grinned so widely that his eyes curved into smiles, too.

“Yes.” Darkness Master also nodded.

The humans were all waiting.

Time passed.

A lofty, nine-story tower stood erected amidst the void space. Surrounding it were 11 massive palace true treasures of the united force camp and the six palace true treasures of Freedom Alliance.

Hu!

A streak of light dashed across space to arrive at the same place.

“Eh?”

Suddenly, all eyes—be they of the human camp, which was earnestly waiting for the Freedom Alliance’s final reply, or the united forces camp—fell upon this streak of light. Mightily and speedily, this streak of light, which was traveling at a speed that far exceeded the speed of light, dashed into this void space and quickly came to a halt. This was a bizarre true treasure that had eight legs and looked somewhat like the shape of an altar.

This bizarre true treasure was the remarkable Ancestral God Altar.

Ancestral God Altar was a treasure that the primal universe had bestowed upon the Ancestral God School. It might not have been a supreme true treasure and was, thus, nonaggressive, but in terms of its defensive ability alone, it was not inferior to any other supreme true treasure. Being a power that the primal universe was biased toward, the Ancestral God School had certainly received a wide variety of preferential treatment.

“Primal Chaos City Leader, we have arrived.”

“We have arrived.”

“Milky Way, we have arrived.”

“We are a tad slower, but upon receiving the message you transmitted, we gathered and made our way here right away. Now, we have arrived.

One after another, news was being transmitted through the virtual universe.

“Haha! Dear all from Ancestral God School, no one is late at all! The war has yet to truly begin… We are inside Star Tower now. Dear all from Ancestral God School, some of you should come into Star Tower, too. This will be better for our combined force.”

“All right.”

“No problem. Some universe masters of our Ancestral God School shall make their way into Star Tower now.”

Looking up into the void space, the Ancestral God Altar could be seen flying toward Star Tower without a moment’s pause.

In an instant, the two closed up the distance between them. A side door of Star Tower opened while a side door from Ancestral God Altar did likewise. Soon, a black ship was seen flying out of Ancestral God Altar and into Star Tower.

Inside the tower…

“Primal Chaos City Leader, Milky Way Horde Leader, Darkness Master, Peng Gong Master, Long Yan Master…”

The handful of great beings from Ancestral God School that had joined the human camp inside Star Tower all seemed to be very passionate. So, naturally, the humans welcomed them with a passion that matched theirs. Both sides seemed amicable, however…

“This Ancestral God School is quite the sly one.” Peng Gong Master was smiling, but, in his heart, he was transmitting messages to Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, and a few others. “They have already gained the part of the information of the inheritance that we have given out. They promised to join our side quite some time ago. Previously, we sent out the news to both the Freedom Alliance and the Ancestral God School at the same time. Over 400 universe masters of the Freedom Alliance have arrived, but the Ancestral God School only sent a couple dozen universe masters. And furthermore, they arrived much later. Obviously, they are delaying time on purpose.”

“It’s normal for them to delay time on purpose!” Luo Feng replied. “The Ancestral God School might be previously ranked as the top group of power, but regardless of whether or not it is newly established like the Freedom Alliance and the united forces camp, we from the human camp are now much stronger than them.” Luo Feng sneered in his transmitted message. “This is why they have to be a step slower! If it were our human race we were talking about, it would have collapsed upon being attacked—with no time to put up any resistance… Of course, the Ancestral God School would rather give up and not take the risk. If we are able to block off the attacks at the beginning… they will stick to the original plan and join us.”

Primal Chaos City leader transmitted his message. “This is considered quite ideal. After all, they are on our side and certainly do not wish to be trampled upon—or even to be exterminated— when they are here. Getting them to transfer a portion of their universe masters into Star Tower… The Ancestral God School has agreed right away. This goes to show that they are still somewhat sincere about helping us.”

“Agreed? Humph! “Peng Gong Master was clearly displeased. “You should take a look at who they have sent over. Nine Remoteness Master, Falling Silkworm Master, Sky Beacon Master… Yes, all of them are, indeed, impressive. However, all of these are merely avatars! Those who have come into Star Tower are all avatars.”

There were only a handful of universe masters from the Ancestral God School who had avatars; the majority of them only had their original bodies.

“Entering Star Tower, their fates are in our hands and under our control,” said Primal Chaos City Leader, maintaining a cool composure. “They are expressing their sincerity in allowing a group of universe masters to come over to Star Tower. This is already quite a considerate move. You still expect them to send over the universe masters without multiple bodies? Impossible! These avatars do have godly bodies with strong godly powers, after all, and they carry true treasures with them. If there is no need, there is no way the Ancestral God School would be willing to give up all these.”

The Freedom Alliance and the Ancestral God School arrived in succession. The Ancestral God School joined the human camp right away, while over 400 universe masters from the Freedom Alliance were still occupied with the information of the inheritance.

Time went by.

“Why are they still not making any move?”

“Are we just going to wait here like that?”

“Don’t be so anxious.” An old voice was heard from amidst the other universe supreme masters. “Previously, when the Freedom Alliance had just made its decision, we made a move right away. The Freedom Alliance would not have had time to receive the information of inheritance from the human race yet. This time around, they will want to see the information first before deciding whether or not they will join the human camp. I suppose they must be studying that information now… We must not be rash. The moment we bring forward our attacks, we will be provoking the Freedom Alliance. I’m afraid that making them angry will push them toward the human race!”

“Why? Could it be that Old Beast God still harbors hope of the Freedom Alliance joining our side?”

“Such slim hope! But if we make a move now, the Freedom Alliance will definitely help the humans. Then we are destined to fail in this war. On the contrary, if we postpone the attack… there may be a chance of a favorable turn of events. Let’s wait and see.”

Although the united forces camp was studying the situation carefully, no matter what, they came to realize that if the Freedom Alliance and the human camp really combined forces, the chances of the united forces camp winning this war were extremely slim.

The united forces camp was waiting. The humans were also waiting.

Amidst the void space, there was dead silence.

The united forces camp had 11 palace true treasures, the Freedom Alliance had six palace true treasures, the Ancestral God School had Ancestral God Altar, and the humans had Star Tower. The number of universe master gathered in this space was as many as 1,000, and the number of universe supreme masters had exceeded ten. This was as good as saying that out of all the top-tier combat powers in the primal universe, 90 percent were now gathered in this very place!

Every one of them had the power to crush and destroy a part of space and time with a flick of his finger! Every one of them could easily establish a strong and powerful race! And at that very moment, all of them were gathered in the same place. This war would surely affect the distribution of power within the primal universe for a period as long as hundreds of millions of eras.

“I’m done.”

“I’ve finished it.”

“I’m done looking through it, too.”

Six palace true treasures of the Freedom Alliance stayed close to one another, which brought about an upsurge of godly power. They were transmitting voice messages to one another via this upsurge—not through the virtual universe.

A voice, which sounded a bit cold, was transmitted. “Now, all the universe masters of my Freedom Alliance have seen the information of inheritance. Everyone, tell me how you feel… This information of inheritance. How do you feel about it?”

“It’s quite all right.”

“Not too bad.”

“It can be considered as slightly informative.”

“Very normal.”

“This is the information of inheritance from the pulse of Duan Dong River on how to become a universe supreme master? So brief and simple?”

“It is too brief.”

Various opinions were voiced. Over 400 universe masters were transmitting information to one another. The strange thing was, over 400 universe masters were transmitting voices to one another via their godly powers and exchanging information with one another— but none was communicating or exchanging information with Shi Hua Island Leader.

“Everyone, make your decision,” that cold voice continued. “To choose to join the human camp, or to choose to support me.”

“Lightwalker Master, do you even need to ask? Of course, I choose to support you!”

“I choose to support you too.”

“Haha! Everyone should already know the correct choice. Lightwalker Master, the role of alliance master of the Freedom Alliance should be yours to claim. Of course, you also have to fulfill your promise.”

“Lightwalker Master… if you fulfill your promise, of course, you will have all our support.”

“We will support you.”

Various voices spoke up, yet all these universe masters were of one mind; there was no exception to their decision to support Lightwalker Master.

“Fine. Then we shall follow the second plan that we originally devised!” Lightwalker Master transmitted his decision. “We shall continue to submit requests to the humans to demand more detailed and more plentiful information on the inheritance… If they are willing to provide information that prevails over the information I provided you all with, then we can continue to join the human camp. If they provide something that is inferior to what I provided, then the human camp is not worthy of our support.”

Chapter 1305

“Okay.”

“We’ll follow this plan.”

The universe masters from the Freedom Alliance all agreed to the plan. They had talked about it before, and this plan was based on the common interests of all the universe masters in the Freedom Alliance! Certainly, they wouldn’t object to it. After all, an alliance formed upon common interests was the most stable.

In a beautiful palace on an independent dimension of the virtual universe, Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master were looking at the six universe masters sitting opposite to them, waiting for an answer.

“The universe masters from our alliance,” said an eight-armed man who was wearing silver armor with a pair of silver horns. His eyes gleamed with golden light. “They’ll be represented by us.”

“Huh?” The four human representatives were shocked.

Shi Hua Island Leader, who was one of the six representatives, was dazed. He turned around and looked at the leaders from other divisions.

“That’s right.”

“Yes, Lightwalker Master will represent us.”

“Agreed.”

Shi Hua Island Leader was upset. His original body immediately transmitted his voice to ask the universe masters from his division. Actually, he noticed that the 400-some universe masters were transmitting their voices with each other using their godly power, as he could sense their blurry godly power. However, those universe masters didn’t transmit their voices to him, and besides, transmitting voices using godly power was fast, so they reached a consensus in a few seconds.

Although he was confused, he didn’t raise any more questions. Yet Lightwalker Master told the humans that he would be in charge.

“Brother Shi Hua, we all agree that Lightwalker Master will represent us.”

“Island Leader.”

“Don’t blame us, Shi Hua. It has everything to do with our interests. We’ll explain everything to you after the negotiation.”

Shi Hua Master was deeply upset after hearing what his universe masters said. However, he couldn’t do anything about it. After all, those universe masters were the reason for his position in the Freedom Alliance, and they were closest to him. He couldn’t be tyrannical to universe masters; instead, he had to treat them as brothers.

The four human universe masters looked at each other and noticed that the other five leaders, including Shi Hua Island Leader, didn’t object. It seemed that the Freedom Alliance was indeed represented by Lightwalker Master.

“Lightwalker Master?” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “Please.”

“We’ve already read the inheritance information you gave us.” Lightwalker Master glanced with his golden eyes, and his voice sounded cold. “Unfortunately, we’re not satisfied.”

“Huh?” Primal Chaos City Leader, Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master were all shocked.

Not satisfied?

Luo Feng frowned. This was the information he himself had summarized, and it was definitely tempting to all the powers from all three universe eras. How could they not be satisfied?

“What do you mean, Lightwalker Master?” Primal Chaos City Leader asked, frowning.

“The inheritance information you gave us is not worth the risk.” Lightwalker Master’s golden eyes were cold. “If you want my alliance to help you, be more sincere. Give us more information, more comprehensive information.”

“More comprehensive?” The four human great beings gave made eye contact with each other and started to converse secretly.

Darkness Master transmitted his voice: “The Freedom Alliance is indeed greedy. They’re certain that we need their help, so they are more demanding.”

“That’s right,” said Peng Gong, transmitting his voice. “There will be no end to their greed. If we give them more detailed inheritance information, they’ll think we have more, and they’ll keep asking for more.”

“Luo Feng,” said Primal Chaos City Leader transmitted his voice. “Do you think we’ve given them enough information?”

“Yes,” said Luo Feng.

“Even if we give them more, they’ll ask us for more,” said Darkness, and Peng Gong agreed as well.

The humans looked at the six leaders from Freedom Alliance. Primal Chaos City Leader said, “This is the most detailed information we humans can give to you. If you want more detailed information, sorry. We don’t have that. If your alliance wants to help us, we’ll give you the other half of the inheritance after the war.”

Lightwalker Master frowned. “Are you sure you don’t have more?”

“No more.” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head.

Luo Feng looked at them, frowning. It was indeed disappointing that the Freedom Alliance would try to exploit them at such a crucial moment.

“If that’s the case!” Lightwalker Master turned his head and looked at the other leaders, who nodded.

Hu!

Lightwalker Master stood up, followed by the other four leaders and Shi Hua Island Leader.

“The information you gave us is too simple for us to risk it for you. Sorry!” Lightwalker Master stood up and said coldly, “Let’s go.”

Hua! Hua! Hua!

They all disappeared and left the virtual universe, including the other universe masters from the Freedom Alliance outside the palace, who had also been listening to the negotiation.

“Don’t they want the remaining part of the inheritance?” Peng Gong Master stood up abruptly and looked confused.

“Why?” Darkness Master found it hard to believe.

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader stood up as well.

“Something happened.” Primal Chaos City Leader frowned. “Why would they just leave like this? After all, they’ve only got the former part of the information, and some of the most important points are in the latter part. Don’t they want to be universe supreme masters? Why did they just give up like that?”

Darkness Master looked at Shi Hua Island Leader. “What happened, Shi Hua?”

“Shi Hua, this isn’t what we talked about,” Luo Feng added.

Shi Hua Island Leader was the only one left in the palace, and he didn’t look well. He said, “Just wait for a moment. I’ll tell you what happened later.”

In the supreme true treasure palace belonging to Shi Hua Island Leader. Shi Hua Island Leader looked at the universe masters present. They were all universe masters he was close to, and they were the reason he had the right to be in the Freedom Alliance.

“What happened, everyone?”

“Shi Hua,” a giant, green rock being. “We’re indeed friends, but all of us want to be powerful. When we become more powerful, we’ll have a higher status in the original universe, especially if we can become universe supreme masters and have our own miniature universes. Our races will have a place to live. Don’t blame us.”

“What exactly happened?” yelled Shi Hua Island Leader.

“This is what happened,” said a seaweed-like plant life form. His voice echoed in the surrounding space. “Both humans and the united forces alliance tried to draw us to their sides… As soon as there was a dispute among the universe masters in our alliance, Jue Hua True God from Purple Moon Holy Land contacted Lightwalker Master. Purple Moon Ancestor is willing to provide us with inheritance information from the ancient civilization on how to become universe supreme masters from universe masters… They’ll provide detailed information to us, and they said if the information the humans gave us was better, we could still help the humans. Otherwise, they require us to join the united forces alliance and attack the humans—especially that Luo Feng.”

“That’s what happened.”

“Lightwalker Master is the middleman between Purple Moon Holy land and us! He contacted us one by one and gave us the inheritance information. We’ve already got most of the inheritance information, and it’s ten times more detailed than the information the humans gave us. What the humans gave us is nothing compared to that.”

“Tell us, Shi Hua, what should we do?”

“Tell us!”

They all looked at Shi Hua Island Leader.

Shi Hua Island Master squeezed a smile out of his face—a helpless smile. “I can’t blame anyone,” he said.

Shi Hua Island Leader sighed. He had planned to get the inheritance information on how to reach the limit of a universe supreme master for himself, but he hadn’t expected Purple Moon Holy Land to meddle.

Speaking of being mysterious… The Eastern Emperor Holy Land and Purple Moon Holy Land were, indeed, mysterious, and nobody knew what kind of ancient inheritance they had received. It was natural for them to give out some of the inheritance.

“We want survival and power more than anything.”

“The inheritance information given by Purple Moon Holy Land is wonderful.”

“Plus, Purple Moon Holy Land won’t fight for territories against us in the future, yet if the humans become stronger, it will be a threat to us.”

“Besides, we’ll be at an advantage if we join the united forces alliance.”

“No matter what—the present, the future, and the benefits we receive—we made the right choice. I think you can understand, Shi Hua.”

All the universe masters looked at Shi Hua Island Leader.

Shi Hua Island Leader sighed. “Did Purple Moon Holy Land mention me?”

“We mentioned you before,” said the plant life form. “However, Purple Moon Holy Land didn’t want to give the inheritance information on how to become limit universe supreme masters, so we didn’t tell you that in case something happened.”

Shi Hua Island Leader forced another smile. “It seems you already knew about it.”

“This was one of our plans,” answered the plant life form.

“For what it’s worth, our plan is for the common interests of all the universe masters in the Freedom Alliance.”

In the palace of the virtual universe, Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master, Darkness Master, and Primal Chaos City Leader were still baffled.

“If they still want the inheritance information, they won’t give up,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “The Freedom Alliance was formed not only to tackle this difficult situation but also to gain enough power to reap benefits. Don’t they want to become universe supreme masters? Don’t they want to get inheritance information?”

“That’s right.”

Luo Feng and the other three were waiting; Shi Hua Island Leader sat there with his eyes closed for a long time before he opened them again.

Luo Feng and the other three were shocked. They were powerful enough to infer something from the expression on Shi Hua Island Leader’s face. He looked helpless now.

“The Freedom Alliance decided to join the united forces alliance.”

Shi Hua Island shocked them all with his first sentence. Luo Feng and the other four looked forlorn, as they knew things would now become difficult for them.

“Impossible!” yelled Luo Feng. “It’s impossible that they gave up inheritance information.”

“What if they already have information that is ten times more detailed?” Shi Hua Island Leader looked at Luo Feng.

“What?”

Luo Feng was dazed. Ten times?

In Universe Ocean, the first universe era, the second universe era, and the original universe era, none of the powers could get such detailed information except the humans. Perhaps only the two holy lands had it; there was the possibility that the holy lands had meddled in the situation. However, the two holy lands were outside the power struggle, and they didn’t have any conflicts with humans. Why would they even meddle?

“It’s Purple Moon Holy Land.” Shi Hua Island Leader sighed. “Purple Moon Holy Land gave the Freedom Alliance information in exchange for dealing with the humans. Especially you, Luo Feng.”

“Me?” Luo Feng opened his eyes wide while Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness Master, and Peng Gong Master looked at Luo Feng.

“Purple Moon Holy Land?” Luo Feng found it hard to believe

Chapter 1306

Thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind, and he couldn’t think straight.

Purple Moon Holy Land? He hadn’t been in Universe Ocean for a long time, and the only enemy he had made was the Divine Eye clan, yet the two holy lands weren’t his enemies. They must have had some unpleasant encounters with Eastern Emperor Holy Land! However, Purple Moon Holy Land fought for the inheritance just like all the other powers in Universe Ocean, but they didn’t try their best. Eastern Emperor occupied the most important and the most central area, trying to take Boat of Mausoleum by force. On the other hand, powers like Purple Moon Holy Land all waited outside, and they didn’t contact Luo Feng during the fight. Neither did they try to make a deal with him.

“They didn’t try to negotiate with me, and it’s been outside the power struggle all the time. Why did they…?” Luo Feng immediately held grudges against Purple Moon Holy Land.

How could he not? The humans had been in a wonderful situation before, yet with Purple Moon Holy Land meddling, it was in danger now.

I have several bodies, Boat of Mausoleum, and Star Tower, thought Luo Feng. That Purple Moon Ancestor should understand that no matter how horrifying the battle is, I’ll survive. If he wants to force me to give out the inheritance, it’ll be impossible. Why is he against me and humans? Besides, if he really wants the inheritance, he should at least try to negotiate with me.

Luo Feng was speculating. Purple Moon Holy Land… They didn’t seem to care much about the inheritance from Duan Dong River, especially Purple Moon Ancestor. He didn’t seem to desire the Duan Dong River inheritance very much. Why was he against Luo Feng and the humans?

It was baffling, and Luo Feng felt that Purple Moon Ancestor must have some other purpose.

What does this Purple Moon Ancestor want? He’s willing to give the inheritance information from ancient civilization to the Freedom Alliance for them to gang up on me and the humans?

Luo Feng sensed that there must be many factors unknown to him.

Inside the palace, after Shi Hua Island Leader finished talking, he said, “I failed you this time. However, since I obtained some information from you, I won’t do anything during this battle.” He left after he finished speaking.

Luo Feng, Darkness Master, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Peng Gong watched him leave without stopping him. They understood that if they gave Shi Hua Island Leader the information on how to become limit universe supreme masters, he might actually help the humans. However, one universe supreme master couldn’t change anything. Otherwise, they would have used that to draw supreme masters to their side a long time ago.

“Prepare for the war,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Okay.”

Luo Feng, Peng Gong Master, and Darkness Master nodded with solemn faces.

Inside the palace of the Freedom Alliance, controlled by Shi Hua Island Leader.

“Shi Hua, we wronged you this time. We hope you understand.”

“Brother Shi Hua, Lightwalker Master brought each of the universe masters lots of benefits, which is why we followed him this time. Once the war is over and we get the inheritance, Lightwalker won’t have any power to command us anymore. The alliance leader of the Freedom Alliance is you.”

“That’s right. We support you, Shi Hua.”

The universe masters on the division of Shi Hu Island Leader kept consoling him, as they knew he was deeply upset.

“All right, I understand your reasoning. You didn’t do the wrong thing.” Shi Hua Island Leader looked around, and he saw the exit of the palace. He couldn’t help sighing. Although these universe masters were in his division, they weren’t his slaves, which was why they all stayed at the exit to prevent him from going to the humans and turning them over to the humans.

They were all at the exit. Once they all utilized their power—and with lots of them having multiple bodies—they could rival eight or nine universe supreme masters and burst out of the palace.

Shi Hua Island Leader transmitted his voice. “Prepare for the battle.”

Even though his plan had failed, he didn’t want to antagonize them. After all, there were many divisions in the Freedom Alliance, and no powers were willing to bow to another. Nobody could control everyone. He was leading a division and was the only universe supreme master, so other powers were convinced of his reputation. Besides, the other universe masters followed Lightwalker Master because he had the inheritance information given by Purple Moon Ancestor. Once they had the inheritance information, they wouldn’t follow Lightwalker Master anymore. After all, many universe masters were actually foes of Lightwalker Master.

“Hahaha!” Prison Race Devil Ancestor guffawed. “I can’t believe the humans are so stupid that they even wrong you, Freedom Alliance. Once your alliance cooperates with us, we’ll have more than 800 universe masters and more than ten universe supreme masters, accounting for almost 80 percent of the top powers in the original universe. Those humans are not our match. They’ll definitely lose!”

“That’s right, they’ll lose.”

“They’re nobody. If we attack them all at once, they’ll be crushed, and lots of universe masters will die.”

The united forces alliance and the Freedom Alliance got close to each other and transmitted their voices using their godly power. They were all cheerful and confident, of course. More than 800 universe masters and more than 10 universe supreme masters! Nobody could resist such a power in the original universe.

“Those cowards from the human race. They hide in Star Tower, and we can’t hurt them.”

“Encircle them!”

“Encircle Star Tower!”

“That’s right, encircle! Encircle Star Tower completely! Once they exit Star Tower, we’ll attack them! They won’t be able to resist our attacks!”

“Unless they hide in Star Tower forever.”

“If they want to hide in Star Tower forever, we’ll encircle and suppress them forever. We only need one-third of the universe masters and universe supreme masters to guard this place. Then they won’t have any power to fight back, and we can take this chance to rob the human territory.”

“Without their territory and trapped forever! Unless they go back to the primal universe… However, without the resources from the original universe, the humans won’t have a future, so they’ll be a threat no more.”

In the towering nine-story Star Tower, the true treasure palaces from the united forces alliance and the Freedom Alliance floated and started to move. They surrounded Star Tower like a giant oval with Star Tower at the center, enveloping it entirely.

“More than 800 universe masters and more than ten universe supreme masters!”

The universe masters and the three ancestral gods from the Ancestral God School were all terrified.

“Such terrific power.”

“The humans don’t even stand a chance!” They were all panicking.

“Don’t panic!” the old Ancestral God growled. “Even though we of the Ancestral God School want to help the humans, we’ll be attacked by the hundreds of universe masters if we appear from Ancestral God Altar. Many of us will die. We must stay in Ancestral God Altar and defend ourselves. As long as we stay in Ancestral God Altar, all the material attacks can be neutralized. With the three of us combined, along with the help of the mind of the original universe, any soul attacks can be defended by our blurry godly power.”

“That’s right. We don’t need to worry about our safety, but we can’t help the humans. I think the humans will understand why we do this.”

The three ancestral gods and the universe masters made up their minds immediately. They all hid in Ancestral God Altar and didn’t appear! Saving their lives was their top priority. After all, it was an alliance of more than 800 universe masters and more than 10 universe supreme masters. Who dared to resist that?

Everyone in Star Tower was worried. The 100-plus universe masters staying in Star Tower could see those true treasure palaces surrounding them clearly, as their view outside was unobstructed.

“Surrender, humans!”

“Give us the inheritance from the ancient civilization!”

“The inheritance to evolve from universe masters to limit universe supreme masters—give it all to us! Once we confirm it, we’ll retreat. Otherwise, you humans won’t be able to thrive in the original universe anymore! The human territory won’t belong to you anymore!”

“Give us the inheritance!”

“Give us the inheritance!”

The voices spread into Star Tower.

The 100-plus universe masters in Star Tower, especially universe masters of other races, all panicked. Primal Chaos City Leader, Luo Feng, Darkness Master, Peng Gong Master, Long Yan Master, Huang Jian Master… All the universe masters looked around and realized that even if they gave a strict order, those universe masters of other races wouldn’t make attacks at the exit. After all, they wouldn’t be willing to die.

“They seek to force us to give out the inheritance?” Primal Chaos City Leader looked cold.

“Only in their dreams.” Luo Feng stared outside as well.

These races all regarded the humans as a huge threat, but once the humans gave out the inheritance, the bug race, the demon race, the automaton race, and the others would grow more powerful as well, which meant the humans wouldn’t be a threat to them in the future —even if they were stronger. The other races had two choices. One, they could receive the inheritance and retreat. Or two, they could knock the humans out of the original universe. Both choices were acceptable to the united forces alliance.

“Luo Feng!” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng!” Darkness Master looked to Luo Feng as well.

“Milky Way!” added Peng Gong.

All the human universe masters looked to Luo Feng. They already knew the plan, and they also understood how strong it was. However, under the current circumstances, only Luo Feng’s plan was likely to work.

This plan involved a gamble that would risk Luo Feng’s life.

Luo Feng’s eyes glinted coldly. “Leave it to me.”

“Be careful,” Primal Chaos City Leader said, concerned.

“Don’t worry.” Luo Feng looked at all the towering true treasure palaces outside. “They want to kill me?”

Though he sounded relaxed, it was an alliance of more than 800 universe masters and more than 10 universe supreme masters.

“Larger, larger, larger!”

Luo Feng’s power immediately surged. At the same time, the towering Star Tower became larger. 100 billion kilometers tall, a trillion kilometers tall… It kept expanding and growing, and it collided with all the true treasure palaces

Chapter 1307

17 palace true treasures from both the Freedom Alliance and the united forces alliance surrounded Star Tower that stood erected in the dark and quiet void space. They remained at a distance of around 100 billion kilometers from Star Tower… and Star Tower was originally at a height of 100 billion kilometers and a width of ten billion kilometers. That meant that it was completely encircled by the 17 palaces and forced to be nailed to its current spot.

“Hand over the inheritance!”

“Hand over the inheritance!”

The morale of the united forces was high and mighty, and they were filled with absolute confidence that they were in an extremely advantageous position.

“Big, bigger, bigger!” Star Tower suddenly expanded and shot from a height of 100 billion kilometers to a height of a trillion kilometers. Within a fleeting moment, the base diameter of Star Tower also soared from ten billion kilometers to 100 billion kilometers. The massive size brought Star Tower crashing into the 17 palace true treasures stationed all around it.

“The humans are escaping!”

“Be careful. Star Tower suddenly expanded. The humans might be thinking of ways to escape!”

“Stay alert, everyone. Northern Territory, we are going to rely on your ability to keep them captive.”

“They won’t be able to escape.”

Countless star points suddenly appeared out of thin air within the surroundings of the void space, and all of them seemed to be connected by faint rays of light. At that moment, an area encompassing several light years was completely enshrouded by these countless star points. This was the supreme true treasure “Xi Qu Starlight River,” a domain type supreme true treasure owned by Northern Territory Alliance Master.

Luo Feng stood inside Star Tower and observed how the united forces alliance was not bothered at all when the base of the massive Star Tower crashed into them. Apparently, they were worried about any unexpected moves by the humans who had just taken a befuddling course of action. They must have been worried enough for Northern Territory Alliance Master to resort to using his domain type supreme true treasure Xi Qu Starlight River.

“Escape?” Luo Feng stared outside and sneered. “You all should be the ones wanting to escape. What a pity. There is no escape for you all, even if you try. Endless Remote Ocean… Attack!”

Even before Luo Feng manipulated the expansion of Star Tower, he had already begun manipulating his endless Remote Ocean, preparing those boundless waters behind every side door of Star Tower’s base story. The moment Star Tower expanded, with a single intention in mind, the mighty ocean waters of his endless Remote Ocean would surge out of Star Tower in a frenzied, insane onslaught!

All around the bottom story of Star Tower, there was a total of nine side doors. This base was the entrance to the deep abyss of Star Tower. Everything that was sucked and absorbed into Star Tower would enter through this main entrance.

“Be careful. The humans may escape. Stay vigilant, keep watch over every single corner. Do not let the humans escape.”

The united forces camp was worried that the humans might escape. Suddenly, from all nine side doors at the base story of the towering Star Tower…

Hong! Long! Long!

At that moment, Star Tower was at a towering height that exceeded a trillion kilometers, and the height of every side door was at a few tens of billions of kilometers.

Shortly after, the ocean water started gushing out of the nine side doors wildly. The palace true treasures that were mere inches away from Star Tower—which had already suffered a collision with Star Tower earlier on—were instantly drowned by that insane outburst of ocean water.

Hong! Long! Long!

When the godly body of a universe master expanded, it could reach a height of one million kilometers or even ten million kilometers in an instant. When a true treasure expanded, its size could reach ten billion kilometers or even 100 billion kilometers in an instant… and the rate of all these expansions was not restricted to any limits such as so-called “light speed.”

Remote Ocean was, itself, a godly body. And it was one of Luo Feng’s four main godly bodies. The new, endless Remote Ocean body was merely an avatar created by making use of the talent of his Remote Ocean. The highest peak that this avatar could attain was only up to 1,000 times life gene level, but the true endless remote could attain the perfect gene level of a universe master.

The ocean waters surged out, expanded in fleeting moments— especially the deep abyss at the bottom of Star Tower, where a tremendous amount of ocean water rushed out all at once.

“Big, bigger, bigger!” Luo Feng was trying his best to control it with his consciousness. At that moment, he was urging the Remote Ocean to expand.

In an instant, Remote Ocean reached a maximum diameter of 300 billion kilometers with a terrifying depth of 30 billion kilometers. Of course, the actual volume of the Remote Ocean at its current level must have actually been 80 billion kilometers, but at that moment, it grew to an extremely massive diameter of 300 billion kilometers. Its godly body had purposefully expanded to a great volume.

In only an instant, Star Tower expanded to a height of one trillion kilometers and collided into the 17 palace true treasures. Thereafter, the endless Remote Ocean suddenly expanded and spread out, thus allowing its godly body to expand a little more. Since it was large to begin with, growing larger—around ten times its current size—was effortless.

“What is happening? Why is there ocean water all over the place?”

“What has happened?”

“What—what is happening? This… Is this a domain type true treasure?”

The united forces camp was not worried at the moment. They had the ultimate advantage of being a group with strong capability; thus, they were quite confident. Yet the sudden appearance of ocean waters confused them. Was this endless ocean a domain? But Northern Territory Alliance Master had just executed “Xi Qu Starlight River.” Theoretically speaking, other domains would not be able to appear.

“It’s not a domain! It’s a godly power!” Northern Territory Alliance Master replied via voice transmission. “That endless ocean and my Xi Qu Starlight River do not go against one another, so it is not a domain. Besides, I can sense an extremely strong godly power… this endless ocean water should be an endless godly power! It must be something like Nine Remoteness Master’s Nine Remoteness Ocean! The entire ocean has a maximum diameter of 300 billion kilometers. Its smallest diameter is 30 billion kilometers.”

“Godly power? Yes, being a little more thorough now, I can feel it too. It is definitely a godly power. Every drop of ocean water is a drop of godly power. Such an endless and massive godly body… Only someone like the Ancestral God School’s Nine Remoteness Master could possibly own one.”

“Nine Remoteness Ocean?”

“No, this is not the Nine Remoteness Ocean. I know the aura of Nine Remoteness Ocean very well, and I have met with Nine Remoteness Master on several occasions. The aura that this godly power exudes does not belong to this.”

“This… This is Luo Feng’s aura!”

“Shock Horn, what did you say?”

“It’s Luo Feng’s aura, there is no mistaking this. I have fought him before. I exchanged blows with him. This is the aura of his godly power!”

“Milky Way Luo Feng’s godly body?”

“Luo Feng also has a godly body like the Nine Remoteness Ocean?” The sudden news dealt a shock to over 800 universe masters and over 10 universe supreme masters. Nine Remoteness Ocean was very well known in the primal universe, and Nine Remoteness Master was known to be its sole master. He owned all of it—no one other than him. And Nine Remoteness Ocean was said to be a godly body that was a supreme true treasure; no one could do harm to it. The amount of godly power that its massive godly body swallowed every passing moment far exceeded the godly power absorbed by the entire godly body of any other universe master… Who wouldn’t be jealous?

However, the restrictions that such a massive godly body would face were apparent, too. Moving about was extremely challenging! Nine Remoteness Master had relied on his talent technique to create his avatar, and this avatar was only one-tenth of his godly power gene level. The volume of his godly body was not out of the ordinary. This caused Nine Remoteness Master to lose out to Primal Chaos City Leader, Star River Master, and some other existences in terms of capability.

“Luo Feng’s maximum combat power is only at sixth-tier as the top level! How can he possess such a massive godly body?”

“That’s right. Previously, Luo Feng revealed that he had a golden horned beast body and an earthling body, which both had combat power at sixth-tier as the top level. With such powerful bodies… how is it possible for him to own another godly body similar to Nine Remoteness Ocean?”

“The universe is vast, but such an out-of-this-world occurrence is simply impossible.”

“Besides, the gene level of Nine Remoteness Ocean is extremely high. Golden Horned Beast is just another body created from a talent technique. It would be impossible for it to breed such a formidable body.”

While the united forces alliance was still in shock after learning that this vast ocean was another of Luo Feng’s bodies, some universe masters of the other races who had joined the human camp were equally taken aback.

“Hesitate no more,” Primal Chaos City Leader ordered via voice transmission. “All universe masters will start attacking with concerted efforts.”

“Attack? Primal Chaos City Leader, if the united forces alliance retaliates, there is no way we can put up any resistance.”

“True, Primal Chaos City Leader…”

Obviously, none of the other races were willing to sacrifice themselves.

Primal Chaos City Leader’s gaze swept the surroundings. Ever so coldly, he said, “Fret not. All their palace true treasures are within Remote Ocean… and Remote Ocean is where endless godly powers bind together. Their attacks will be blocked and consumed by the godly power of Remote Ocean! This is why they will never be able to successfully attack any of you. Meanwhile, on the other hand, you all can attack to your hearts’ content. Not only will Remote Ocean not put up any resistance, but it will, on the contrary, join you all in attacking your opponents.”

“Ah!”

“What the humans mean to say is…”

Universe masters from the other races, as well as the group of great beings from the Ancestral God School—who were in Ancestral God Altar, which was parked beside Star Tower—also received the same voice transmission. They were all shocked out of their wits. They understood the human’s intentions. They actually intended to allow Luo Feng to depend on this Remote Ocean to block all the attacks coming from the entire united forces camp.

Insane! It was beyond insane. Did the humans think they could simply rely on a ridiculously massive godly body to ward off the combined attacks of over 800 universe masters and over 10 universe supreme masters?

“Too dangerous.”

“This… This is too dangerous.”

“Luo Feng is as good as courting his doom.”

The other races found it hard to believe, as this was no different than Luo Feng sending himself to the face of his enemy! Perhaps if this endless Remote Ocean was pitted against a single opponent, or pitted against ten opponents, it could proudly stick its nose up at its opponents, and still, no one in the entire primal universe would be able to do anything to it. But this time around, it faced a combination of over 800 universe masters.

Instantly, over 100 universe masters from different races looked toward Luo Feng in his silver armor and silver wings.

“Everyone,” Luo Feng ordered in a low voice, “let’s not waste time. We shall attack the nearest target!”

Having said his piece, Luo Feng pointed to the nearest palace true treasure, which was in an environment enveloped by endless ocean water. Whirlpools were starting to appear in the surroundings. These whirlpools parted to give way to a passageway that led deep within the palace true treasure, where Dream Demon Ancestor of the demons and the troop he led were stationed. There was a total of around 40 universe masters inside this palace true treasure.

On the human’s side, adding on the Ancestral God School, they had a force of around 200 universe masters! Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness Master, Peng Gong Master, and the three great ancestral gods, in particular, were all capable of unleashing extremely strong combat powers.

All the humans were brought together to join forces and attack that palace true treasure. Naturally, they were in an advantageous position!

The moment the humans made the slightest move, the united force camp would know their intentions.

Northern Territory Alliance Master’s aged voice resounded. “The humans are simply insane. They actually think that they can rely on a single Remote Ocean godly body to stop us all, then concentrate all their combat power to deal with one palace true treasure! They think they can use this method to attack and destroy the palace true treasures one by one! So crazy! Too confident! What arrogance. They think that merely one ocean with godly power is able to resist over 800 universe masters and more than ten universe supreme masters? All universe masters, all supreme masters—execute your soul attacks altogether, all of you! Direct them all around that ocean with godly powers. Altogether, as one team, execute your soul attacks!”

The united force camp grew wild with emotion and excitement.

“So many universe masters, so many universe supreme masters… With all their soul attacks accumulated, I don’t suppose Luo Feng will be able to block off every single attack all by himself? I am going to bring this extraordinary talent to meet his doom. I am going to annihilate him right now!”

“Luo Feng, annihilate.”

“Luo Feng, annihilate!”

“Attack!” Northern Territory Alliance Master commanded via voice transmission

Chapter 1308

Dream Demon Ancestor, Shock Demon Ancestor, and Father God from the automaton race… Those from the united force were all elevated.

They were all looking forward to the end, and they all thought that it was impossible to kill Luo Feng. After all, as powerful it was as Luo Feng, as long as he didn’t look for his own death, nobody was able to kill him as he had Star Tower and Boat of Mausoleum.

However, Luo Feng seemed to be suicidal now! How could they let such a great chance go?

More than 800 universe masters and more than 10 universe supreme masters! Some of the universe masters even had multiple bodies, so there were around 900 godly bodies of universe masters! And with the universe supreme masters numbering in the teens, all the blurry godly power made an attack at once. It amounted to the combination of 1,000 godly bodies of universe masters. What level of power was it?

Universe masters were ranked from level one to level six. As for universe supreme masters, they could only use the godly power of universe masters with life gene levels of 10,000 times even in Universe Ocean, as they were suppressed by the mind of the original universe. Therefore, ordinary universe supreme masters could only wield power at level seven, and those lucky enough to get supreme true treasures could reach level eight, like Father God from the automaton race!

Huge Axe Creator—before getting the supreme true treasure—had been at level eight! After acquiring the supreme true treasure, he had been able to wield more power with the engravings on the supreme true treasure, at which point he had reached level nine!

At level seven were the mediocre universe supreme masters. Level eight was the ordinary level. Level nine: Both Huge Axe Creator and the first true master from the Divine Eye clan were at this level. Level ten was Teacher Origin’s level!

Teacher Origin had roamed Universe Ocean in the past, and nobody had been his match, which was why he was at level ten! This was the definitive limit of a universe supreme master. In the three universe eras, nobody except Teacher Origin had reached that level.

Although no individuals couldn’t reach this level, numbers could help. And at this moment, more than 800 universe masters and more than 10 universe supreme masters were making attacks at once, which was as powerful as 1,000 godly bodies of universe masters. How terrific that was!

An average universe master was at level four. More than ten universe masters could reach top-tier level six. The combination of 100 universe masters could reach level eight! And the combination of 1,000 universe masters exceeded level nine, nearly reaching level ten!

“The combination of 1,000 godly bodies of universe masters should reach level ten. Luo Feng, you’ll die trying to resist it all by yourself.”

“You’re dead.”

“Even the most powerful universe supreme masters in Universe Ocean can only wield power at level nine. Now, almost 80 percent of the top-tier power in the original universe has been combined… 80 percent of a universe era, and it reached level ten already. Even if you have a supreme true treasure to guard your soul, your godly power is inferior to a universe supreme master. You’re dead!”

“Die!”

“Die, Luo Feng!”

“Die.”

The united forces alliance looked forward to seeing Luo Feng die. All 17 true treasure palaces made attacks at the same time.

“Blurry Godly power!”

“Attack!”

The leaders in the palaces gave orders one by one.

The old beast god, Space Beast Ancestor from the Space Beast Alliance, sighed. He was at least an acquittance to Luo Feng. However, the current situation had to do with his fundamental interests. As for Sitting Mountain Guest? He couldn’t change anything, as it was an action taken by the entire alliance.

Space Beast Ancestor gave the order. “Attack.”

The universe masters under him started to make attacks, including Golden Horn Master.

It was silent.

All the universe masters from the human team were watching closely. Many were even staring at Luo Feng. They wanted to see how Luo Feng would come to an end! The peerless genius from the human race… Would he become stronger in the future and reach the level of Teacher Origin or even transcend incarnations?

Or would he die?

The universe masters present—even the three ancestral gods with the mind of the original universe—couldn’t guarantee that they could resist the soul attacks from more than 800 universe masters and 10 universe supreme masters! Like Primal Chaos City Leader and Darkness Master, they were certain that they would die if they tried it!

Primal Chaos City Leader stared at Luo Feng. “Luo Feng…” he said.

He had been worried before. However, Luo Feng was confident. Besides, Luo Feng had handled the soul attack from more than 100 universe masters of other races.

But that was only around 100 universe masters. It was way more powerful this time!

Luo Feng was confident that he could resist it. Primal Chaos City Leader didn’t want the humans to be forced back to the original universe, so he agreed to it.

“Luo Feng.”

Darkness Master, Peng Gong Master, Ice Mountain Master, Void Gold Master, and Long Yan Master all gazed at Luo Feng.

The fate of humanity depended on this! Would the humans be forced to leave the original universe? Would the human territory be occupied and all the life forms within it be slaughtered? Or could they still prosper in the original universe? This was the moment!

“Attack!”

“Attack!”

“Kill Luo Feng!”

“Die, Luo Feng.”

All 17 true treasure palaces performed blurry godly power attacks. The ocean water was everywhere, covering all the palace true treasures, so the great beings only needed to attack the water! When the universe masters and universe supreme masters attacked Remote Ocean, they were effectively attacking the soul!

Hong!

The attack was silent, but blurry godly power at this level was too strong, so even the space around the godly power was turned into particles. As for those from the human team staying in Star Tower, they all felt the space tremble.

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng!”

They all looked to Luo Feng.

Primal Chaos City Leader’s eyes turned red, and his godly body trembled. He was worried about the fate of humans and Luo Feng. Was Luo Feng still alive?

Luo Feng, clad in silver wings and silver boots, had his four wings open. He stood still, as if frozen in place.

“Luo Feng? Luo Feng…?”

The human universe masters all stared at Luo Feng, holding their collective breath.

All of a sudden, Luo Feng—standing still as a sculpture—turned his head and smiled at Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness Master, Long Yan Master, and the other universe masters… He smirked. He showed his white teeth, and he had a bright smile.

The brightness of his smile inspired the human universe masters. They all felt that the future looked more promising.

“Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng. Hahaha…!”

The human universe masters rushed forward. They were all excited, and some of them even had tears in their eyes. They were all exhilarated. Even Primal Chaos City Leader had tears in his eyes. Universe masters of other races on the human team were also thrilled. They were not as elated as the humans, but they were still amazed by how strong Luo Feng was.

It became cheerful in Star Tower. The human universe masters were all joyous. It was a moment that determined humanity’s fate!

If Luo Feng hadn’t been able to resist it, he would have died, which would have meant humans that the humans would need to retreat back to the primal universe. Then, under the suppression of the powers in the original universe and Universe Ocean, the humans would never be able to prosper. In addition, the ordinary humans in the human territory would have been slaughtered.

But if Luo Feng could resist it, it would be a disaster for the united forces alliance! It meant the united forces couldn’t even touch Luo Feng.

“That Luo Feng resisted it?”

The three ancestral gods and universe masters in Ancestral God Altar were also thrilled. They were all top beings, so they knew precisely what that meant.

That had been an attack from almost 80 percent of the power in the original universe! Yet Luo Feng was able to resist it.

“The united forces alliance is in big trouble!” Double-Face Ancestral God said with a grin. “The humans will definitely win! Let’s see how badly the united forces alliance will lose!”

“We can make attacks now. Their attacks will be blocked by the endless waters. We can defeat them one by one. Haha…”

“We’ll definitely win.”

Ancestral God School chose to stay in the altar before, yet they changed their plan immediately.

The united forces alliance was dead silent.

All its universe masters and universe supreme masters were dazed. They had been confident that the blurry godly power could kill any universe masters, even if they had a supreme true treasure to guard their soul. They carefully sensed the water around them as they desperately desired to feel its binding power receding. However, the water was still powerful, suppressing all the true treasure palaces. And the godly power was still burning and forceful, which meant Luo Feng was still alive!

“He’s still alive?” Shock Demon Ancestor, in a true treasure palace, found it hard to believe. “How can Luo Feng still be alive? Even if he has a soul supreme true treasure, his godly power isn’t able to resist an attack at this level. Teacher Origin even killed a universe supreme master before. How did Luo Feng survive? It’s impossible, impossible!”

Bug Empress was also shocked to her very core. “He was unlikely to survive. He should be dead now. Dead.”

She was great at soul attacks, so she knew how powerful that attack was. It was certainly at level ten! Beings in the original universe couldn’t reach level ten, and even in Universe Ocean, only Teacher Origin could reach that level of power. Teacher Origin had been invincible, and he had been great at soul attacks. Even universe supreme masters with their godly bodies needed a soul supreme true treasure to survive Teacher Origin. (Although they could only wield the power of universe masters with a life gene level of 10,000 times, they were immensely strong at defense.

As for universe masters, even one who had a powerful mind and a soul type supreme true treasure would certainly not be able to survive Teacher Origin! An attack at level ten could definitely kill all universe masters!

“How did he survive?”

“How?”

“Damn it.”

“We’re in big trouble now.”

The united forces alliance was in unprecedented danger.

Chapter 1309

“How did he survive?” Luo Feng looked outside. He could feel the strong emotions from his godly power ocean—the emotions from universe masters and universe supreme masters from the united forces alliance.

“Why can’t I?”

“Too late to regret it!” Luo Feng’s eyes glinted coldly.

The combination of around 1,000 godly bodies of universe masters was indeed incredibly powerful. Actually, Luo Feng had accepted the worst situation—the Freedom Alliance joining the United Forces Alliance—when proposing that plan. He had prepared for a soul attack at this level. As for material attacks, he wasn’t afraid of a long battle with his Remote Ocean godly body.

The only thing he was worried about was a soul attack. Luo Feng was worried, as were Primal Chaos City Leader and the others, which was why he let those 100-plus universe masters of other races attack him first. That attack had already reached level eight.

Luo Feng had proposed the test because he believed that he had perfect godly power, and his mind was at the universe supreme master level. Plus, he had Star Tower to protect his soul! He deemed that he was able to resist a level-nine attack. Besides, he had obtained the three techniques from the inheritance of Duan Dong River. And Duan Mie could accelerate the burning of his godly power, making him stronger, so he could resist a level-ten attack.

The idea sounded good, but Luo Feng wasn’t certain.

What happened? he wondered. I didn’t even use Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, and I only used Star Tower to guard my soul! How come an eighth-level attack was so weak?

Luo Feng was astonished that a level-eight attack was nothing to him. He then summoned the new Remote Ocean body (at 1,000 times life gene level). He let Star Tower guard the new Remote Ocean body and asked those universe masters to attack him again. His new Remote Ocean body was able to resist a level-eight attack easily with Star Tower!

“My new Remote Ocean boy was able to resist that? If the endless Remote Ocean body is stronger, it means it can resist a level-nine attack. With Duan Mie, I can even resist a level-ten attack.”

Luo Feng was overjoyed, but he was amazed as well. He speculated that he could only barely resist a level-ten attack.

Based on his calculations, Remote Ocean and Duan Mie (which improved Luo Feng’s godly power defense to universe-supreme-master level) and Star Tower could barely resist a level-ten attack.

The new Remote Ocean body and Star Tower could barely resist a level-eight attack. However, it was much easier than he thought. The new Remote Ocean body, guarded by Star Tower, was able to resist the level-eight attack without any problem.

“My Remote Ocean body is much more powerful, and it must be thanks to Star Tower.”

Luo Feng immediately realized that this was one of the distinctions of Star Tower.

Star Tower was an exceptional supreme true treasure. It had higher requirements for recognizing a master than all the known universe supreme masters. Even Shi Wu Wing had lower requirements! It was far more demanding than other supreme true treasures. Sitting Mountain Guest had created the earthlings just for master recognition, and only after an eternity was the proper master, Luo Feng, born. How could a true treasure be mediocre when it had such incredible requirements?

Luo Feng had always thought that Star Tower was special, yet he hadn’t been able to find it until he strove to the limit of his abilities, using it to guard his soul. He now realized how extraordinary Star Tower was at guarding souls.

My Remote Ocean godly power ocean was burning around all the 17 true treasure palaces, thought Luo Feng. I also performed Duan Mie, so it maintained the maximum power. Star Tower also guarded at the center of my endless Remote Ocean to guard the soul! It endured a soul attack and resisted it easily. I only experienced difficulty after I slowed down burning and stopped performing Duan Mie.

He was fully prepared. And Star Tower gave him a happy surprise.

One side was exhilarated, while the other side was horrified.

“Stop wasting time! Make attacks now!” Primal Chaos City Leader pointed at the nearest palace true treasure.

The universe masters of other the races glanced at Primal Chaos City Leader. Wasting time? The other races were still calm. On the contrary, the human universe masters were all thrilled, hugging Luo Feng, some of them even tearing up. The human universe masters were the ones wasting time.

“Attack.”

“Attack!”

All the universe masters from the human team, including those in Ancestral God Altar, created blurry godly power attacks.

Sou!

A being appeared above Remote Ocean. It was Luo Feng, dressed in black and carrying a blade. He held Ancient God Eye in his left hand, shedding light upon the true treasure palace. It created a portal, and the “mind shock” swept through the palace true treasure uninhibited.

Hong! Long! Long!

The soul attack followed.

An old voice was transmitted. “Beware, Dream Tea!”

The powerful mind shock arrived right after the voice. Dream Demon Ancestor resisted it easily, yet 90 percent of the universe masters under her were down. Only three still stood.

“Mind shock!” Dream Demon Ancestor was worried.

Hua!

Dream Demon Ancestor whipped her tail and returned all the universe masters into her world ring.

Hong! Long!

The master of the Northern Territory Alliance saw it with Xi Qu Starlight River. He was startled and transmitted his voice to all the true treasure palaces. “Be careful. We didn’t kill Luo Feng, so we’re at an absolute disadvantage. Once the human team makes soul attacks, every team will be in great danger. Once the human team draws near, the universe supreme masters had better put their universe masters away.”

“We don’t have a universe supreme master on our team.”

“Neither do we.”

The teams from the Freedom Alliance were all anxious. There were six teams in the Freedom Alliance, and only one of them had a supreme master: Shi Hua Island Leader.

“Get close to other teams quickly! The more universe masters, the safer it will be,” Northern Territory Alliance Master said, transmitting his voice. “Gather with the teams that have universe supreme masters.”

“Remote Ocean is everywhere, and it has incredible binding power. It’s trapping us, so the palace true treasure can’t fly at all.”

“We can’t fly.”

“The godly power ocean is trapping us!”

All the teams were worried, including the universe supreme masters. They only felt they were being resisted when controlling the true treasure palaces. The godly power ocean was binding the palaces, making them incredibly slow—only 1/100th of light speed. Little did they know that the godly power ocean was burning and performing Duan Mie to stop them, so it had strong resistance.

Luo Feng still wasn’t satisfied with the resistance. He transmitted his voice, saying, “Ancestral gods, please use Five-Color Aurora Lake!”

“Okay.”

Hong!

Auroras appeared in the sky, sweeping across the sky and striking Xi Qu Starlight Lake. Both Five-Color Aurora Lake and Xi Qu Starlight Lake were domain supreme true treasures! They hit each other, and Xi Qu Starlight Lake backed off. Soon, Five-color Aurora Lake and Xi Qu Starlight Lake occupied areas of the same size.

“Golden Country!” Luo Feng shook his four wings, and the dimming golden light spread. It aided Five-Color Aurora Lake in suppressing Xi Qu Starlight Lake, shrinking it further! 80 percent of the area was controlled by the human team.

Golden Country wasn’t strong enough, so it couldn’t help Five-color Aurora Lake any more than that.

“Humph.” Luo Feng smiled. It was enough.

If he let Primal Chaos City Leader teacher use the valuable Palm Universe left by Teacher Origin, it would be much more effective than his Golden Country, but it wasn’t the time yet… He wanted to leave it to the end in case the united forces alliance still had a trump card.

“Uncle Darkness.” Luo Feng looked at Darkness Master beside him.

Darkness Master smiled. “Is it our turn? I can’t wait any longer.”

“Let’s go claim our prey.” Luo Feng moved his body and flew out.

Darkness Master carried Black Prison Tower and flew out as well. As for the universe masters of other races and the human universe masters, they all stayed in Star Tower.

Northern Territory Alliance Master performed Xi Qu Starlight Lake, and it only occupied part of the area. He was from the united forces alliance, and it could only protect their eight palaces. As for the other three palaces and six palaces of the Freedom Alliance, it couldn’t protect them.

Especially the Freedom Alliance! For one thing, the godly power ocean burning under Duan Mie had incredible resistance. For another thing, they couldn’t speed up under Five-Color Aurora Lake and Golden Country. They couldn’t reach 1/100th of light speed, and the true treasure palaces were billions of kilometers away from each other, if not farther. After all, the base of Star Tower was 100 billion kilometers long, so the palaces around them were far from each other.

“Material attack.”

“Use a material attack to blast away the godly power ocean.”

“Damn that godly power ocean! Blast it away.”

The teams in the true treasure palaces were all horrified. They all attacked the ocean around them.

Hong! Long! Long!

The attacks were consumed by the godly power ocean once they left the palaces. After all, the entire ocean was godly power! The godly powers continued being consuming, and the ocean kept surging!

At that moment, Luo Feng carried an Ancient God Eye while Darkness Master carried Black Prison Tower. Their speed wasn’t constrained, and they reached light speed and entered the dark universe in no time. They then went back to the original universe from the dark universe, arriving directly in front of the true treasure palace that had originally been more than ten billion kilometers tall.

“Uncle Darkness, drive Black Prison Tower to capture our prey,” said Luo Feng.

He stared at the palace belonging to Freedom Alliance that held more than 70 universe masters.

Chapter 1310 - The Sudden

Increase in Strength

No matter how composed Darkness Master was, at this moment, he too was unable to contain his emotions. Throughout the entire Universe Ocean, who could capture over 70 universe masters in one go?

“Rise!”

Holding his breath, Darkness Master held out his right arm. Instantly, that black pyramid flew out from his palm and started to grow at a crazy speed. In a blink of the eye, it had transformed into a lofty tower that was a 100 million kilometers tall. At the same time, a deep abyss also appeared at the base of the pyramid. The black pyramid took aim at the black, disc-shaped palace true treasure before it right away.

Luo Feng watched and smiled. In his palm, another Ancient God Eye appeared. Now, there were two Ancient God Eyes—one with Mosha body, the other with his original body.

“Go!”

Luo Feng positioned his palm to face the disc-shaped palace true treasure, and the surrounding godly ocean water automatically parted to give way to a route. In fact, even if there were occasional interferences, Luo Feng’s willpower would not be greatly affected.

Hong!

The invisible impact of his willpower swept toward the disc, which contained a total of 72 universe masters. After being hit by this bout of impact from his willpower, 65 universe masters lost consciousness. Only seven remained awake. They had extremely strong willpower and were the true elites of the entire team. These seven universe masters had a total of 11 godly bodies.

“It’s the impact of willpower!”

“Block it!”

“Bai Er, what should we do?”

The seven universe masters with their 11 godly bodies were panicking. The other universe masters who had weaker willpower were all knocked out, so there was no way they could render any help. With only seven left, how were they going to resist? Plus, the other palace true treasures of the Freedom Alliance were at least ten billion kilometers away. Help would not arrive as quickly as they needed it.

“Black Prison Tower is swallowing.”

“Block it!”

“Hang on! If we are sucked into Black Prison Tower, we are finished!”

The seven universe masters were in a heightened state of panic and were losing their minds with every passing moment.

No matter how insanely they fought, their efforts to resist were futile. Previously, they’d had many universe masters, so they could wipe out the godly ocean water obstacles that surrounded them. With concerted efforts, they had overcome the obstacles placed in their way by Five-Color Aurora Lake and Golden County. But now that they were left with only seven universe masters, manipulating their palace true treasures to move was difficult. Now, they were facing the danger of being sucked into Black Prison Tower.

If it was only being swallowed by Black Prison Tower, perhaps they could still put up a fight to counterattack.

But there was also the annoying godly ocean water in their surroundings, which was dealing them multiple blows and pushing them steadily toward their doom. This godly ocean was pushing their palace true treasure in the direction of Black Prison Tower!

“No, there is no way I can block it.”

“I’m unable to block it! No, no!” These universe masters, albeit most unwillingly, were annihilated.

…

In the faraway core ground of the Freedom Alliance—on the island that was seated in the middle of the endless golden waves—over 400 universe masters and Shi Hua Island Leader had all left their godly avatars.

“We are unable to block it.”

“We are hit by the impact of the willpower. Only seven of us, who are barely able to resist it, remain. And we are also under a double oppressive force by Five-Color Aurora Lake and the godly ocean water. Now, with Black Prison Tower swallowing… we are unable to put up further resistance. The palace is heading toward that Black Prison Tower now.”

“Everyone, please save us.”

On the numerous thrones, especially those in one particular section, various godly avatars of universe masters sat. None made a single move. They had all lost consciousness. Only the seven who could resist the impact were left, and they were all extremely worried.

“We are too far away. There is no way we can make it there in time.”

“We are facing double obstructions by the godly ocean waters and Five-Color Aurora Lake. The hindering force is far too great! It is simply impossible to accelerate—simply impossible to reach light speed, not to mention about entering the dark universe. How, how?”

Groups of universe masters in the other palace true treasures might not be facing any fatal risks, but seeing how their fellow alliance members were being attacked, they could not help but worry and panic about facing the same fate.

Suddenly, the seven universe masters, who had been anxious a moment ago, showed looks of despair as they said, “We are being swallowed by Black Prison Tower!”

“All 72 of us universe masters have been swallowed by Black Prison Tower.”

Instantly, everything in the surroundings quietened down. 72 universe masters? Heavens! It was just a short moment of peace and quiet. Then, soon enough, those universe masters from the Freedom Alliance who had managed to survive the ordeal grew even more anxious.

“It was that item with impactful willpower. It was that item with impactful willpower! If not for that, with over 70 universe masters combining forces, even if we were temporarily trapped in the godly ocean waters, that Black Tower Prison will not be able to swallow us all.”

“True. So long as that treasure is around, our advantage of having greater numbers will no longer exist. Over 70 universe masters… In an instant, 90 percent were knocked out, and only seven are left to continue resisting.”

“What should we do?”

“If we had known this earlier, we would not have divided ourselves into six teams. If we were all combined in one team, with over 400 universe masters gathered together, I think at least a few dozen universe masters would be able to resist the impact of being hit by that willpower. Also, with Shi Hua Island Leader around, we would not be taking such a passive approach.”

“Who could have expected Luo Feng would come up with this endless godly ocean water to trap us?”

The Freedom Alliance was filled with apprehension. Earlier, they had decided on splitting up into six teams for two reasons. For one thing, there would be six major factions to deal with the human camp; for another, if they planned to join the united forces alliance, even if any of these six teams were hit by the impactful willpower, at least only part of the alliance would be affected. If they all congregated at the same place, it would mean that their combat power was straight away reduced by 90 percent.

“Hahaha!”

At that moment, even Darkness Master, who was usually so composed and aloof, could not contain his emotions any further. He broke into hearty laughter. That huge, black pyramid shrank rapidly to land within his palm.

“Over 70 universe masters, all captured in one swift move!” Darkness Master stood amidst the mighty godly ocean water and could not help gloating. “Comparing all the universe supreme masters in Universe Ocean, I suppose there won’t be many who have achieved such a great feat.”

Then he looked toward Luo Feng, who was by his side.

He knew that to be able to achieve something so great, there were, of course, many unique factors. For one, they had a strange object like the Ancient God Eye. With its impactful willpower, they could deprive opponents of the advantage of greater numbers. Secondly, with the godly ocean waters and the Five-Color Aurora Lake intertwining and surrounding the enemy, there was no way the opponent could escape. Thirdly, Luo Feng had been—unexpectedly— capable of blocking a soul attack that was jointly launched by over 800 universe masters and over ten supreme masters! This had rendered the united forces alliance helpless before Luo Feng, so they could only struggle within his Remote Ocean.

Darkness Master looked at Luo Feng. “Luo Feng, we have you to thank this time around.”

“Luck,” said Luo Feng. He shook his head. “A combination of various factors allowed us to make it this far. Not one could have been left out. As for my Remote Ocean… moving it about is extremely tough. If the united forces alliance had been able to escape, I think it would have been very difficult to come by another opportunity like this.”

Moving the vast Remote Ocean was indeed extremely tough. If enemies were far off, there wasn’t much Remote Ocean could do. If they had managed to escape this time, they would have had no trouble making it further than this area—a few light years away— unless the humans remained hidden within this area under the influence of the Remote Ocean. If not, once they left this area of influence, without the protection of Remote Ocean, they were bound to be trampled on!

“That’s why!” Darkness Master said in his cold voice, “we need to make good use of this opportunity. Make them fall into your remote ocean, then, in one swift move, capture as many as we can! That way, the number of universe masters in our human camp will greatly increase.”

“True.” Luo Feng nodded with a solemn expression. “Such an opportunity is hard to come by. We must capture as many universe masters as we can.”

Within Black Prison Tower.

Upon being captured, the 72 universe masters from various races heard a voice the moment they fell into that endless dark space, “Dear all from Freedom Alliance, do not worry. So long as you do not treat us as your enemies, and express your willingness to help us, we, humans, will not harm any of you.”

“We are willing to help the humans.”

“We are willing to help!”

“We are willing to join the human camp.”

Many universe masters of the various races were already in great despair, which was why, when they heard the voice, they immediately shouted to express their willingness. Joining the humans’ side was what they had originally intended to do in the past; it was just that Purple Moon Holy Land had offered them more appealing terms. This was why they had decided to help the united forces alliance. Yet, no matter how great the potential benefit, nothing mattered more than being alive.

All of them surrendered. Even those who had other bodies and were thus not facing any life-threatening danger were willing to surrender to the humans! After all, they were unwilling to give up the godly bodies that were mainly used in war. Furthermore, they were also unwilling to give up on the various true treasures they had spent countless years accumulating!

Because Five-Color Aurora Lake and Golden Country were joining forces to keep Xi Qu Starlight River suppressed, the united forces alliance and the Freedom Alliance were unable to promptly learn of each other’s situation. Northern Territory Alliance Master then crossed the distance to directly contact Shi Hua Island Leader, who updated him on the situation.

“The humans have combined the powers of a treasure with impactful willpower, Black Prison Tower, godly ocean water, and Five-Color Aurora Lake when fighting us. They have already captured one of the Freedom Alliance’s teams.”

“What…?”

This piece of news shocked Northern Territory Alliance Master. The humans’ main power was still fighting the united forces alliance. Godly powers were bombarding one another as the battle raged on. So, what was happening here was only for show. The real deal was over at the other side.

Northern Alliance Master quickly transmitted a voice message. “Everyone! The human camp is using a combination of various true treasures, the treasure with impactful willpower, Black Prison Tower, godly ocean water, and several others. They have already captured one of the teams from our Freedom Alliance. Proceed with the utmost caution. Do not let the humans get their way.”

With a move of intention, he transmitted the message via the conscious mind. He had to send the information to every other universe supreme master.

A move of intention was a unique method used by a universe supreme master. To reach the level of a universe master from a normal ordinary great being, they all had to rely on the primal universe origin. Everything about them—for instance, their godly powers—was dependent on what the primal universe origin bestowed upon them, which was why there were numerous laws of the universe origin that they were unable to resist no matter how strong they were. The reason was simply because the source of their strength originated from the primal universe origin.

As for universe supreme masters, they would have their own universe! They relied on themselves! As a result, they could easily resist the beckoning of the dark universe and easily exceed the speed of light to continue to remain within the space of the primal universe. They could also glide across vast stretches of time and space to land somewhere far away.

Of course, they had weaknesses too. For instance, the talent technique given by the primal universe, the ability to divide bodies, along with some other talent techniques, would all be taken away. The primal universe would no longer bestow any kindness to them. They would have to depend on themselves in all aspects.

“Not good!” Father God of automaton race also transmitted his thoughts. Anxiously, he said, “We cannot allow the humans to capture universe masters from the Freedom Alliance as they please. There are many universe masters in the Freedom Alliance. If they are captured by the humans, I’m afraid they will quickly switch sides over to the human camp. By then, the human camp will increase in strength. Even without this godly power of ocean water or any other devious means, they will not fear us at all.”

“Hurry.”

“We shall leave this area under the influence of the remote ocean right away. And we will do our best to help the Freedom Alliance, one team at a time. The more teams we help, the fewer teams the humans capture! The Freedom Alliance has a total of six teams, and one of them is headed by Shi Hua Island Leader, which means the humans will be able to capture as many as five teams. That means over 300 universe masters… Once they are all captured, the number of universe masters in the human camp will soar to more than 500, which makes up more than half the number of universe masters in the entire primal universe! By then, for all eternity, we will no longer be able to suppress the humans.”

“Hurry.”

The united forces alliance was growing anxious, but they were also clear that understanding what to do was one thing; whether they could achieve it or not was another story altogether.

Chapter 1311 - Last-Ditch

Struggle

“Get in, everyone.”

“Get in.”

Father God from the automaton race, Shock Demon Ancestor, Dream Demon Ancestor, Prison Race Devil Ancestor, Holy Master from the crystal race, Bug Empress, Northern Territory Alliance Master, Space Beast Ancestor, Black Universe Creator, E Zhou, Virtual-Real Devil Master, and Shi Hua Island Leader all gathered the universe masters under them back to their world rings or true treasure palaces.

For what it was worth, the united forces alliance team didn’t count on winning anymore. They just wanted to get away while preserving as much power as possible! As long as they could escape Remote Ocean, the humans were still at a disadvantage. However, if the humans captured a group of universe masters, the united forces alliance would lose that group of universe masters, who could add to the humans’ power. The effect was significant.

“Quick!”

Luo Feng transmitted his voice in Remote Ocean. “Uncle Darkness, we need to act now. The united forces alliance is making a last-ditch struggle.”

“Okay.” Darkness Master was nervous.

Mosha body, beside Star Tower, was holding Ancient God Eye, standing on top of the ocean. He turned around and looked at Star Tower, saying, “Teacher, the united forces alliance is making a last -struggle. We need to capture as many universe masters as possible. I’ll go use Star Tower.”

“We have more than a100 universe masters here. We don’t need Star Tower,” Primal Chaos City Leader urged. “Go and capture those universe masters.”

“Okay.”

Mosha Luo Feng waved his hand, and Star Tower shrank and fell into his hands.

“Go!”

Mosha body reached light speed and entered the dark universe, trying to capture the universe masters as quickly as possible.

…

“Larger! Larger! Larger!” A giant silver snake was swimming in the endless ocean, enlarging itself.

Dream Demon Ancestor controlled the true treasure palace. However, when the pinnacle true treasure tried to enlarge itself, it was suppressed by the godly power ocean and couldn’t get larger! It put back his true treasure palace and showed its original body. Its godly body became larger. The ocean’s binding power couldn’t match that of universe supreme master Dream Demon Ancestor. It couldn’t enlarge itself infinitely.

Without restraint, it could enlarge itself like Star Tower. However, if it was confined to a small area, and area would decide how much it could bulge. If it was in a cave on an ordinary planet, it could easily become larger and crash through the resistance! However, in a room in Boat of Mausoleum, even a supreme true treasure couldn’t break through it.

When Luo Feng was encircled by the universe supreme masters in Universe Ocean, of Mausoleum had been devoured by the eternal true god of Divine Eye clan, yet it could still bulge and crash through that eternal true treasure! Ordinary supreme true treasures couldn’t do that.

“Damn godly power ocean.”

Northern Territory Alliance Master, Father God, Shock Demon Ancestor, and Virtual-Real Devil Master were all furious yet helpless. They couldn’t even control true treasure palaces, so they would rather control their own godly bodies. They all revealed their true bodies and started to grow larger.

Although the power of their bodies was stronger than Luo Feng’s godly power ocean, the ocean was performing Duan Mie; the resistance was still strong, and it was only slightly weak than them! Their godly bodies couldn’t be enlarged quickly enough. Generally, they could become ten billion kilometers long immediately, but at the moment, the rate was much slower—a million kilometers, ten million kilometers, 50 million kilometers, 100 million kilometers…

“Larger, larger, larger.” Bug Empress’s Empress Palace was becoming larger at a normal speed.

Empress Palace was a supreme true treasure, so it was strong enough. All the 12 giant objects were bulging, including Empress Palace and the original bodies of the 11 universe supreme masters. Those original bodies—whether they be a silver snake, a wicked giant, a beast, or a beauty—were all growing. 100 million kilometers, 500 million kilometers, a billion kilometers…

The ocean water tried to suppress the bodies, making them slower and slower. Empress Palace, however, was still fast and was already tens of billions of kilometers tall.

The human team watched the 12 giant objects becoming larger and larger in Remote Ocean water.

“They want to enlarge their godly bodies to draw closer to each other so that they can help the Freedom Alliance?” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

He watched the universe supreme masters from the united forces alliance growing. He waved his right hand, and an art valuable floated on the water, quickly becoming larger. A mountain, a lake, and a wooden house!

The mountain, the peaceful lake, and the wooden house floated on the tumbling godly power ocean, which confused all the universe masters from the other races. What was Primal Chaos City Leader doing?

One of Primal Chaos City Leader’s bodies appeared and walked to the mountain while another body walked to the lake.

Weng!

A green sky covered the godly power ocean, and gray land stretched out under it.

Hong!

The wooden house was like the center of the universe, gleaming and covering an area of one square light year! The green sky and the gray land were like two lids, combining into a universe whose center was the wooden house.

“What is this…?” The universe masters of other races felt a strong pressure as the endless light covered the entire area.

The 11 universe supreme masters and Empress Palace all slowed down immediately and sharply. Palm Universe and Five-Color Aurora Lake combined were dissipating the Golden Country of Luo Feng. After all, Golden Country overlapped with Palm Universe.

Palm Universe and Five-Color Aurora Lake. The two of them combined were so powerful that Xi Qu Starlight Lake was annihilated as well.

“What is that?”

“How can the humans have another valuable?”

“It’s a valuable for controlling space and time. It seems to be more powerful and wields even more pressure.”

Father God, Prison Race Devil Ancestor, Shock Demon Ancestor, and the other supreme masters were all nervous. They were struggling and burning their godly bodies, trying to become larger.

Shi Hua Island Leader started to transmit his voice to all the universe masters from Freedom Alliance. “Separate! Each team from the Freedom Alliance immediately broke into three or four teams, with each team carrying around 20 universe masters. They tried to run away separately! The human team only has Star Tower and Black Prison Tower, so they can’t be that efficient. Separate now so that the humans can’t capture many universe masters.”

Shi Hua Island Leader was already three billion kilometers tall and still trying to grow larger. He was in the Freedom Alliance, so he was closer to true treasure palaces belonging to the Freedom Alliance.

“Separate. Separate. Separate!”

One team from the Freedom Alliance was just captured while Shi Hua Island Leader protected another team. There were still four teams left. Their members started to split up. Each team had around 20 universe masters; some of them had bodies, so there were a bit more than 20 bodies.

The combination of those 20 godly bodies was already more powerful than top-tier level six, and it had reached level seven. Attacks at level seven could at least blast away the godly power ocean around them so they could fly slowly. If there had been fewer of them, they wouldn’t have been able to even move in the godly power ocean.

“Capture!”

Luo Feng and Darkness Master stared at the four true treasure palaces flying in four different directions.

“Swallow,” Darkness Master said and waved his hand. Black Prison Tower flew out, bulging, and starting to swallow.

Luo Feng frowned. “They are starting to disperse. It’s going to be harder.”

Those separated true treasure palaces flew slowly and were not far from each other. But even though they were not far, it would take more time. And with time flying by, the teams from the Freedom Alliance would be farther from each other.

Hong!

Ancient God Eye and Black Prison Tower combined, swallowed the green, boat-sized true treasure palace. The universe masters inside could do nothing to resist it.

“Capture! Capture! Capture!”

With Ancient God Eye and Black Prison Tower combined, the human team tried to capture as many true treasure palaces as possible.

With time going by, Shi Hua Island Leader was already eight billion kilometers tall. He reached his hands and grabbed a true treasure palace. “Come here!”

The universe masters inside the true treasure palace didn’t struggle; instead, they cheered, “Alliance master!”

Shi Hua Island Leader took it back easily.

“No!” said Luo Feng. “One of the true treasure palaces was taken by Shi Hua Island Leader.”

He was getting nervous. Shi Hua Island Leader was the closest one to the palaces, so he was the first to act. There were other universe supreme masters in the united forces alliance, too. Empress Palace would enter the area soon.

“I’ll capture them as many as possible.”

Luo Feng stopped thinking.

On the human’s side, every possible asset was being utilized—the godly power ocean, Five-Color Aurora Lake, Palm Universe, Ancient God Eye, Star Tower, and Black Prison Tower. Luo Feng’s Remote Ocean was blocking those universe supreme masters and was also performing Duan Mie to maintain its maximum power. But it still took time to capture them.

Hong! Long! Long!

The largest object from the united forces alliance in Remote Ocean was Empress Palace, which was already 200 billion kilometers tall. Empress Palace was surrounded by godly power ocean winding around it, controlling the palace.

“That Luo Feng’s a handful!” Bug Empress said begrudgingly.

If Luo Feng’s godly power ocean hadn’t been winding around it, Empress Palace would have been ten times taller, and all the true treasure palaces from the Freedom Alliance would’ve been saved.

“Go!”

“Save us, Bug Empress!”

“Come in.”

“Come in.”

A long white arm extended out of the giant Empress Palace and grabbed the palace true treasures. The universe masters inside didn’t resist, making Bug Empress’s efforts much more effective.

Bug Empress and Shi Hua Island Leader were both trying to take as many true treasure palaces as possible.

As for Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and Mosha body, they were divided into two teams capturing the true treasure palaces.

Finally, other than the 11 giant godly bodies and the towering Empress Palace, there were no true treasure palaces from the united forces alliance left in Remote Ocean. Apparently, they had all been taken.

In the endless godly power ocean, Mosha body, Luo Feng’s original body, and Darkness Master stood side by side, checking on the universe masters they had captured. Darkness Master sighed. “We tried our best. Empress Palace is too large, and the universe masters from the Freedom Alliance cooperated with her. We’ve only captured 208 universe masters. Far fewer than I expected.”

He sighed again, but when he and Luo Feng exchanged eye contact, they couldn’t hold it back anymore.

“Hahaha…”

“Hahaha…!”

Luo Feng and Darkness Master started to guffaw, laughing recklessly with relief.

After this fight, nobody would be a threat to the humans anymore!

Chapter 1312 - Settled

Luo Feng, Darkness Master, and Mosha body flew at high speed in the tumbling godly power ocean. They quickly reached light speed and entered the dark universe. They showed up 100 billion kilometers away, gathering with other universe masters from the human team.

“Luo Feng.”

“Darkness.”

The universe masters from the human team were all thrilled, especially the human universe masters. They weren’t sure how many universe masters had been captured, but Primal Chaos City Leader could infer from his Palm Universe; he knew how many true treasure palaces were captured, and he could infer the quantity. Primal Chaos City Leader said it was around 200!

“Milky Way Horde Leader, how many universe masters did you capture?”

“Yeah, how many?”

“How many universe masters?”

The universe masters of other races were also excited. This was a legendary event which might not have happened in other universe eras. After all, so much was required to capture over 100 universe masters.

“How many, Luo Feng, Darkness?” Ice Mountain Master and Remote Lord Master all asked, and even Primal Chaos City Leader was looking at them expectedly.

Luo Feng and Darkness Master exchanged a glance.

“208,” said Luo Feng.

“Ha!” Long Yan Master yelled.

Primal Chaos City Leader’s eyes gleamed, and he shouted, “Wonderful!”

“Impressive. 208… They captured more than 200 universe masters at one time. I’ve never heard of such a thing. It’s a miracle—a miracle in Universe Ocean.” Universe masters of other races were all exclaiming. The three ancestral gods, the eight beast gods, and Nine Remoteness Master were all amazed. Everyone was overjoyed.

Darkness Master was still shaking his head. “Shame. When we were capturing the true treasure palaces, those universe masters from the Freedom Alliance were all resisting us, which cost us time. Otherwise, we could’ve captured more.”

The resistance from the opposite side had indeed made Luo Feng and Darkness Master much less efficient.

For instance, when they were trying to swallow the palaces, the opposite side shrank their true treasure palaces! The true treasure palaces were generally normal-sized at several million kilometers long. When they were being sucked in, those true treasure palaces shrank to the size of a speck of dust, making them much farther away from Black Prison Tower. Even if they were flying at 100,000 kilometers a second, it still took them a long time to be sucked in.

Of course, Luo Feng and Darkness Master had their ways to cope with it.

All in all, the Freedom Alliance had been trying to resist being sucked in—or at least stall for time—which was why half the members from the Freedom Alliance had gotten away even though Luo Feng had Remote Ocean. However, capturing half was good enough for the humans.

Universe masters from the human team gathered while those from united forces alliance were trapped in Remote Ocean.

All 11 universe supreme masters were enlarging their bodies, trying to escape from Remote Ocean. However, they struggled against the ocean waters. Although Luo Feng was burning his godly power, he didn’t care about that at all. After all, compared to the entire Remote Ocean, the godly power being burned was nothing.

“Get in,” Bug Empress said through her mind. “Everyone, get in.”

“Okay.”

“Okay.”

Shi Hua Island Leader reached out his hands and grabbed the edge of Empress Palace. He shrank and clung to the surface of Empress Palace. Shock Demon Ancestor, Dream Demon Ancestor, Father God, E Zhou, Black Universe Creator, and the others all grabbed onto the surface of Empress Palace.

None of the universe supreme masters got into the palace. They didn’t dare! If they went it, their lives would be in the hands of Bug Empress! They were all carrying universe masters. Bug Empress wasn’t carrying many universe masters, so she wouldn’t turn on them yet, but if they got in and she did turn on them, she would control great power and become the reigning being in the original universe.

All 11 universe supreme masters clung to the surface of Empress Palace.

“Larger, larger, larger!” Bug Empress said, controlling the palace.

Empress Palace was growing larger and larger.

With Empress Palace becoming larger, the universe supreme masters were also moving forward swiftly.

Luo Feng turned around and shook his head. It was easy for a supreme true treasure to be taller than several light years—like Star Tower, which could reach nine light years! With endless godly power, Empress Palace could be taller than more than ten light years. His Remote Ocean body was after a godly body, which couldn’t bulge indefinitely.

Luo Feng stopped hindering them after a short while, as Empress Palace was already over a trillion kilometers.

“Back!”

That Remote Ocean that was already a trillion kilometers long started to retract. Empress Palace faced much less resistance and suddenly became larger. All 11 universe supreme masters fled out of Remote Ocean.

A being in human form, engulfed in flames, floated and exclaimed, “Finally, we got out!”

“Luo Feng’s godly power ocean is indeed a handful. Without Empress Palace, it would’ve taken us a much longer time to get out…” Father God from the automaton race sighed. Facing the endless Remote Ocean, individuals couldn’t flee immediately; the only way was to fly slowly!

The three ancestral gods couldn’t control Five-Color Aurora Lake to continuously suppress them, and Primal Chaos City Leader couldn’t control Palm Universe all the time, as it required too much godly power. Only Luo Feng dared to consume his godly power as much as he wanted. If he was the only one trying to slow them down, they could at least reach one-tenth light speed.

It was difficult to move Remote Ocean, so Luo Feng had to keep enlarging Remote Ocean to stop them. However, he couldn’t enlarge it infinitely, and he certainly couldn’t enlarge the ocean to ten light years long. The united forces alliance could fly for ten years or 100 years and leave the ocean.

“Fortunately,” said Shock Demon Ancestor in a low voice. “It’s almost impossible for him to move that ocean! No wonder Star Tower didn’t move at all; it was hiding the endless godly power ocean the whole time… It’s difficult to move, which means Luo Feng can’t take the godly power ocean out for battle. Even if the supreme true treasure holds the godly power ocean, it can only stay in one spot.”

Everyone nodded. It was true. After having the godly power ocean in it, even Star Tower couldn’t enter the god country portal, as it would have shattered the portal!

“If Luo Feng stands still, or a Boat of Mausoleum or Star Tower stand still, we’ll try to avoid them,” said Northern Territory Alliance master. “If he can move easily, it means he doesn’t carry his godly power ocean.”

After that war, Luo Feng was at the top of the list for those universe supreme masters, and they were extremely careful. He was absolutely a risk who should be treated seriously.

“Although the godly power ocean is enormous, Luo Feng’s soul is a human soul to its core!” Prison Race Devil Master said. “Once he becomes a universe supreme master, he’ll return to the origin, and his bodies will be combined in one, turning back to a human! His godly power ocean is enormous, but it’s bestowed by the original universe… Once he makes a breakthrough, his god country will become a miniature universe! His bodies will be combined as one, and his human godly body won’t take that much power. Lots of godly power will be consumed when combining the bodies. Then his godly power won’t be so incredible.”

“That’s right!” everyone exclaimed.

“Yes.”

“When he becomes a universe supreme master and all the bodies return to his original body, he won’t be such a handful in the original universe!”

Luo Feng now had four bodies. All of them could wield power at top-tier level six, yet universe supreme masters only had one body.

Besides, Luo Feng’s endless ocean had limitless godly power, so he was more difficult to deal with than universe supreme masters. Of course, that was the case in the original universe. In Universe Ocean, universe supreme masters were still more terrifying.

“After becoming a universe supreme master, he’ll be on his own. Bodies and inherited techniques will both be gone…” E Zhou sighed. “However, it’s different for Nine Remoteness Master, as his original body is that godly power ocean. Even if he becomes a supreme master in the future, his godly body will still be the godly power ocean!”

E Zhou, Black Universe Creator, Northern Territory Alliance Master, and Shi Hua Island Leader were not worried, as they didn’t have races to care for. However, Shock Demon Ancestor, Dream Demon Ancestor, and Prison Race Devil Master were all concerned about the fight

“Please stop talking about Luo Feng… We’ve lost the fight,” Space Beast Ancestor said in his ancient voice. “What should we do now?”

“That’s right, what should we do?” Father God from the automaton race was worried as well.

Northern Territory Alliance Master shook his head. “What can we do? The human team captured more than 200 universe masters. As long as Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, and the other leaders from the human team are suicidal, they won’t kill those universe masters. Instead, they’ll try to draw them to their side. Those captured universe masters will surrender to the humans very soon—for themselves and for their races as well. Lots of universe masters in the Freedom Alliance are close friends with them, and some of them even belong to the same race, so more will be drawn to the humans.”

“Right now, the human team has more than 400 universe masters. As for us, we only have more than 600 even after counting those from the Freedom Alliance. Although we have quite a few universe supreme masters, Luo Feng has four bodies. Plus, we can’t forget Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness Master, Peng Gong Master, and the three ancestral gods… Combined, they are almost as powerful as us.”

“Although we have more universe masters, they have two mind shock valuables, so they can easily sweep across two of our teams. Besides, the humans will definitely choose the two teams with most members! If we divide them into too many teams, we’ll have weak defense and be conquered one by one.”

“Which means the only advantage we have is neutralized by the two mind shock valuables.”

“They also have a valuable that can control space and time, and the power seems to be stronger than domain supreme true treasures… We don’t have any chance to win, and we can only remain locked in a stalemate. It’s a lose-lose.”

Chapter 1313 - The Dark Flow

Amidst Calmness

Although they were already aware of the situation, Dream Demon Ancestor, Shock Demon Ancestor, Father God of the automaton race, Empress of the bug clan, Demon Ancestor of the prison clan, and Holy Master of the crystal clan—who were all members of the united forces alliance—felt even more frustrated after hearing from the Northern Territory Alliance. There was already bad blood between the humans and themselves to begin with, and with such intense crossfire this time around, how would the humans not bear any grudges? In the future, when the humans grew stronger and more powerful, would they not seek vengeance?

Even so, the united forces camp no longer had the strength to suppress the humans. The advantage of having more universe masters was offset entirely by their opponents’ two treasures with impactful willpower. If they were to really fight all the way, they would be fighting a life-and-death battle—a war of persistence, a war of attrition! Even if a few races were willing to go the distance, the Freedom Alliance, the Northern Territory Alliance, and the Space Beast Alliance would not be willing to do so. And if these alliances did not join in the fight, then depending on the few other races, they would not be fighting a war of attrition; rather, they would be trampled upon!

“This war!” Bug Empress’s voice was brimming with charm as she spoke. “We have already failed! The rise of the human race is unstoppable… When the humans get stronger in the future, the enmity we have formed this time around will be a solid justification to attack us.”

“Yes.”

“That’s right.”

One by one, they all nodded.

“This is why we need to help one another and form a longstanding but dispersed alliance,” said Bug Empress. “An alliance specially assigned to deal with any threats from the humans. This alliance will not ask for anything else—only that in the future, when the threat from the humans becomes overbearing, we help one another and allow our race to survive. What do you think of this suggestion?”

Father God of the automaton race, Devil Ancestor of the prison clan, and the rest all showed approving looks. Northern Territory Alliance Master, E Zhou, Virtual-Real Devil God, and the few other lone travelers were all very easy-going.

“They have retreated.”

“The united forces alliance has left.”

Numerous universe masters stood in the upper skies of the endless remote ocean and looked into the distance. They saw Empress Palace making a hasty departure, moving so quickly that they could detect the waves created within space. Obviously, it was teleporting away. The human camp rejoiced and celebrated. Without a doubt, they had started this war as the weaker party, but by relying on the strength of Remote Ocean, the tables had been turned in just a short period.

Then, mightily, a group of universe masters, including those from Ancestral God School, headed toward the core ground of the primal secret region where the clusters of palaces were. All guards and servants also boarded god country transportation and hastily returned to the primal secret region.

An extremely lavish celebration banquet commenced, and the universe masters from the human race were the most excited ones at the banquet. Universe masters from various other races were delighted, too, because the humans would be having good days ahead, and they, as vassal races of the humans, could look forward to leading better lives as well.

After the banquet, universe masters of the various other races left, but the universe masters from the human race gathered and sat down in various spots. Before them was a simple spread of precious wine and fine cuisine from various parts of the universe.

“Our race managed a definitive victory this time!” Primal Chaos City Leader was tearing up, but his voice was as powerful as ever. “It is fated that our race shall establish a deep and firm foundation within the primal universe. Even if the united forces alliance joins forces with other groups of powers within the primal universe, they will not be able to shake our foothold. Future power and prosperity are within our reach. Our race has lived through Teacher Origin’s era and Huge Axe’s era, and now, we are truly entering an era of power and prosperity.” He sighed. “Teacher Origin once led our race. We rose from a race of humble origins to be ranked as one of the pinnacle races. When Teacher was subsequently subjected to eternal suppression by the primal universe, we were lucky enough, for we had someone like Huge Axe to look out for us. Our position remained unshaken.”

Dead silence. Every universe master was either lost in his own imagination or reminiscing on past events.

“Huge Axe’s annihilation brought us all great pain,” Primal Chaos City Leader said in a low voice. “We had to worry about the safety of our race back then, so all this while, no one really bothered looking into the matter of his annihilation. The story of his sudden annihilation within the core of Tilted Peak Region, deep down in the Land of Darkness, is full of abnormal occurrences… One, the map is fake, so who was the mastermind behind these plots? Two, Huge Axe was undoubtedly aware of how horrifying the Land of Darkness is, so how could he have fallen into it? Three, given Huge Axe’s power, how is it possible that he could be annihilated so suddenly?”

“Of course,” he added in a solemn tone, “the Land of Darkness is the core region of Tilted Peak Sector, so it is extremely dangerous. All of us may know this, but none of us is confident enough, so no one dares to barge their way in.”

“Yes.”

“True, we cannot subject our race to such a heavy loss again.”

All of them nodded. They were all aware that Huge Axe’s annihilation had been a devastating loss for the humans. They could not afford yet another loss.

“This time around, our race scored big time,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Luo Feng has made a great contribution.” He looked at Luo Feng. “We should all toast to Luo Feng.”

“Yes, we really owe this victory to Luo Feng.”

“To Luo Feng!”

Everyone raised their glasses and looked at Luo Feng. They saw for themselves and knew that Luo Feng had made the greatest contribution—especially when he used his endless Remote Ocean to resist the soul attack from the entire united forces alliance. How terrifying it had been! But Luo Feng had actually managed to survive while taking it entirely upon himself to resist that attack. At that time, they were all filled with immeasurable gratitude and admiration.

Luo Feng quickly picked up his glass. “Honestly speaking, I kind of caused this disaster by receiving that ancient civilization’s voice transmission. I also made a mistake.”

“How is this considered a mistake?” someone called out. “Our race is so powerful now, all thanks to this ancient civilization.”

“Come, let’s have a toast.”

“Cheers!”

Luo Feng was left with no choice but to respond to every single toast.

Primal Chaos City Leader saw the situation and smiled. Without further ado, he said, “All right. Now, let’s discuss another matter. This time, we captured a total of 208 universe masters. First, we will need to rope them into joining our camp, that’s for sure. Their presence will strengthen us. Second, we still need to practice caution so as to prevent them from betraying us. Third, how are we going to prevent them from betraying us, and how are we going to win them over so that they feel a sense of belonging for our camp? How do we get them to join our side willingly? Everyone, share your thoughts…”

One by one, the universe masters proposed their suggestions.

Soon, a simple yet effect proposal was implemented.

Firstly, because the situation in the primal universe was still dangerous, the majority of the universe masters would definitely stay together. Since the original universe was so massive, sending almost all the universe masters to the original universe was a confirmed arrangement. After all, if they were all widely dispersed, it would be terrible if they all took off.

Second, they should not bring out the anger and dissatisfaction of these universe masters. That was why, for every ten eras, every single universe master would be given a period of one era during which they were allowed to roam about the primal universe and Universe Ocean to their heart’s content with absolute freedom! After all, great beings spent the majority of their time on cultivation. When they were cultivating in the original universe, they only had one-tenth of the time when they were absolutely free. This was a way of pleasing those universe masters. At the same time, as the universe masters would take turns having this “free time,” it was also a good way to guarantee that at least 80 percent of the universe masters would remain in the original universe at any given time!

Third, those universe masters would surely be concerned with the safety of their own races. This was why several universe knights would be deployed to the races in question, where they would remain as permanent residents! These universe knights were stationed there mainly for security purposes. When dangerous situations arose, these universe knights would be the ones handling them, but when there were extremely difficult situations, the headquarters of the human camp would immediately send a group of universe masters to render assistance.

Fourth, there would be gradual sharing of detailed information about the ancient civilization on how universe masters could achieve breakthroughs to become universe supreme masters. The longer these universe masters remained within the human camp, the more information they would be given. This was a way of instilling a sense of longing within these universe masters.

Fifth, while roaming within Universe Ocean, the help rendered to the universe masters had to be reinforced, so that the universe masters would be able to see how strong the humans were—and also realize the benefits of having such strong backing.

The human camp started planning. Those universe masters whose fates rested in the hands of the humans most certainly had no other opinions. They were glad to oblige! However, when the humans asked them to contact their close friends and universe masters from their clans in the Freedom Alliance, these universe masters hesitated and came up with a load of excuses.

But the humans were not anxious in the least. Everything was happening in accordance with their expectations.

Other than the Ancestral God School, the other universe masters of the human camp were quick to formally join the Hong Alliance; after all, they would eventually be permanent members! Given their capabilities, the human race would be able to lay a stronger foundation.

Meanwhile, in the faraway East Emperor Holy Land universe…

“The human race has won?” Apparently, East Emperor Ancestor was very dissatisfied when he learned the news. “Indeed, he has received the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River. Up until now, he still had various means and techniques to use. It is just that, this inheritance… is still not mine to behold!”

East Emperor Ancestor was furious, yet helpless. He had intended for the humans to suffer a crushing defeat. When the humans fell into a predicament, he, East Emperor Ancestor, would take over leadership and negotiate with Luo Feng in handing over the inheritance as a part of the conditional exchange. That way, the success rate would be more likely.

But now, trouble was brewing.

Purple Moon Holy Land universe.

“Oh?” A faint purple-robed shadow asked from where he stood. “The united forces alliance has lost? Even with the help of the Freedom Alliance?”

“Yes, Ancestor,” Jue Hua True God replied with deference.

Ever since the breakthrough of a reincarnation era achieved by East Emperor Ancestor—and for countless generations of reincarnation eras thereafter—every reincarnation era saw the births of many universe supreme masters. Yet all the while, no one had been able to transcend a reincarnation era as East Emperor Ancestor had. That is, until Purple Moon Ancestor made his appearance!

“Ancestor, that united forces alliance has lost…” said Jue Hua True God. “We had promised to give them the second half of the inheritance, so are we still giving it to them? Since they lost and disappointed you, they are in no place to ask for any reward. Even if we do not give it to them, there is nothing they can do.”

Apparently, Jue Hua True God was most unwilling to oblige.

“Of course, we must give it to them,” said Purple Moon Ancestor. “We made a promise, so we must fulfill it. We, Purple Moon, cannot stoop to the level of being unfaithful before the lesser races.”

“Ancestor is much too kind,” Jue Hua True God replied right away. “Those races from the primal universe are truly blessed.”

Purple Moon Ancestor continued to say, “Not only the Freedom Alliance. We must also give it to the bug clan, the demons, the automaton race, and all other races of the united forces alliance…

We must give it to all of them! Impart the experience of the ancient civilization on how their universe masters can achieve breakthroughs to become universe supreme masters.”

“Ah…!” Jue Hua True God was taken aback.

Giving it to the Freedom Alliance was fine. After all, this had already been promised earlier. But giving it to the united forces camp? There had been no such promise.

“Ancestor?” Jue Hua True God could not resist the urge to ask.

“The rate at which the human that received the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River rose was fast to begin with,” Purple Moon Ancestor said. “If we do not provide them with some help, where else can the united forces alliance find the power to resist? I still need to depend on their help in suppressing the humans. Besides, this little bit of inheritance—how much is it worth? At most, they could use it to create a few more true gods during their reincarnation era. But to transcend a reincarnation era? I think they are still hopeless.”

Jue Hua True God also nodded.

Indeed, without the help of Purple Moon Ancestor, this reincarnation era of the primal universe would, normally, only be able to breed 20 to 30 universe supreme masters! With Purple Moon Ancestor’s help, perhaps they might be able to bring this number up to around 100.

Yet throughout the course of history, there had been generations and generations of reincarnation eras, which amounted to tens of thousands of reincarnation eras. Every reincarnation era had a batch of universe supreme masters. How many universe supreme masters did that mean? Yet the number who could transcend their reincarnation era was just two!

“So long as we do not impart the inheritance on cultivating to the ultimate limit of a true god, there won’t be much to worry about,” Purple Moon Ancestor said. “Just remember to keep a close watch over Luo Feng’s every move.”

“Noted,” Jue Hua True God replied with much deference.

Very soon, the second half of the inheritance information was handed over to the Freedom Alliance as promised by Purple Moon Holy Land. Lightwalker Master personally visited the various races like the bug clan, the demons, the automaton race, and the prison clan and imparted the complete inheritance information to them one by one. The bug clan, the automaton race, and other races were all pleasantly surprised, but they were not without worry.

Chapter 1314 - Hu Yan Bo

The war among the top beings from almost all the superpowers in the original universe was over, yet the ordinary life forms didn’t know anything about it. Lower-tier wars would be catastrophic to them, yet the war among the top beings didn’t affect them at all. Of course, if one side lost, the beings in their territories would be ruthlessly slaughtered.

The united forces didn’t win. The human team didn’t lose. This was how the war had ended!

It could have been foreseen that the two teams would keep fighting each other for a long time. Unless one side was absolutely confident that they could crush the other side, such a large-scale war wouldn’t happen again.

Hu Yan Bo had died, and Yun Mo Star had been destroyed! However, since Babata had become undying, he had rebuilt Yun Mo Star quickly, taking back the power area that had previously belonged to Hu Yan Bo before (except for the area around Earth).

Purple stars shone their light upon Yun Mo Star through dark clouds. On Earth were warriors gathered from all kinds of planets; they were trained strictly on the planet, while warriors most loyal to the master of Yun Mo Star would be chosen from among these candidates.

“Come at me, idiots from A Luo Star!” a giant being roared at the camp opposite to him. “I’m right here waiting! Come if you can!”

The giant had a red horn on his forehead. He stood just outside the camp. The members of the opposite side were irritated. Someone tried to rush out, but they were pulled back.

“What a maniac! Are you suicidal?”

A voice came from the camp. “Don’t worry about that maniac.”

“Hahaha, wahaha…” The single-horned giant man was reckless. “Idiots from A Luo Star, you are cowards! You’ll be cowards before me forever.”

A being appeared in the sky. He wore a casual, silver-white cape as he floated in the sky. He looked down and whispered, “Is this how Yun Mo Star looked like before it was destroyed? Babata spent so much time rebuilding it. It seems Hu Yan Bo does have a strong impact on him.” Then Luo Feng kept flying.

He flew relaxedly. Neither the security guards nor the other means of detection spotted him. Some warriors flew past in front of him, but they didn’t notice him either. This was what true control over space and time meant.

He flew for a while as he wanted to observe Yun Mo Star, and it took him a while to arrive above a black castle.

Luo Feng looked down and shouted, “Babata!”

On the throne inside the palace sat a child in a black cape. He had two antennae on his forehead and red eyes. His face was chubby. He may have looked cute, but the female servants from other planets who were performing down there knew how terrifying he was.

“Babata!” said a voice.

“Huh?” The black-caped child raised his head.

Shua!

He teleported and disappeared.

In the sky above the black castle, the silver-caped form of Luo Feng stood in the sky, and a black-caped child appeared beside him.

The black-caped child looked at Luo Feng and shouted, “Master!”

“You seem pretty relaxed,” Luo Feng chuckled. “But it seems you’re still practicing hard. You can teleport now.”

“The resources you provided, and the path you suggested…” said Babata. “Even the most mediocre can become undying, not to mention someone smart like me.”

The ordinary class didn’t know about that war, but Babata was undying and had been summoned to the primal universe before. The undying fighters had come back only after the war had ended. Besides, everyone in Primal Chaos City was talking about the war. Although they didn’t know the details, they had heard that Luo Feng was one of the top performers.

“Let’s go to the outer space of Yun Mo Star,” said Luo Feng.

“Why?” Babata was confused.

“I’m going to resurrect Hu Yan Bo,” said Luo Feng.

Babata’s body shook, as he couldn’t control his emotions.

Luo Feng sighed in his heart. Babata was, after all, closer to Hu Yan Bo. There was still some distance between him and Babata. For one thing, Babata had called Luo Feng by his name at first, but as Luo Feng grew stronger, Babata had started to revere him and call him “Master.”

How could he not be in awe of Luo Feng? Luo Feng was one of the top beings in the human race—even in the entire original universe.

On the contrary, Babata and Hu Yan Bo had been through countless life-and-death battles, and they had spent an eternity going on adventures through the universe. Babata had been with Hu Yan Bo ever since becoming an intelligent life form. It was not difficult to imagine how close they had been.

“Okay,” said Babata with thrill. “Let’s go to outer space.”

Luo Feng nodded, took Babata, and disappeared.

In the outer space of Yun Mo Star, Luo Feng, wearing his silver cape, stood outside the atmosphere while Babata stood beside him, looking worried.

“Watch closely,” said Luo Feng. “Up!”

Luo Feng looked around the space in front of him. With a thought, time in the area started to turn back. The scenes were rewound, including the scene when Yun Mo Star had been rebuilt and the scene when Yun Mo Star had been attacked and destroyed—Luo Feng controlled time and accelerated the rewinding.

“Huh?” Luo Feng stopped.

The triangular Yun Mo Star spaceship appeared. There were beings inside it.

“Is it this one, Babata?” asked Luo Feng.

With a thought, the beings inside Yun Mo Star spaceship appeared. A handsome man showed up at the front of the control room in the spaceship, and beings were standing behind him, including Babata!

“Wu Za, Wu Xia…” Babata couldn’t stop trembling, and he shouted at Luo Feng, “Yes, it’s them! It’s them.”

Luo Feng was surprised. Babata was, indeed, closer to Hu Yan Bo and his servants. He decided to resurrect those soul slaves as well, to show his gratitude to Babata and Hu Yan Bo. Hu Yan Bo’s help seemed tiny now, but it was highly influential to him.

“Freeze!” Luo Feng moved his mind. It locked Yun Mo space, Hu Yan Bo, and his nine soul slaves! Everyone was frozen in place. “Turn back time!”

Luo Feng let the time go back to the original.

It was like a spring bouncing back! Luo Feng didn’t have to endure any burden if he decided not to save anyone, but there would be a price to pay if he wanted to bring back lives by taking them from the past to the present. The punishment was actually for Hu Yan Bo and his nine soul slaves, yet Luo Feng was the one who bore it, as they couldn’t. To Luo Feng, it was easy for him to revive universe knights, not to mention some undying fighters.

After a while, Yun Mo spaceship floated in the sky. Apparently, Lu Feng had even brought back Yun Mo Star spaceship from that time. If a being was still alive, he couldn’t bring it back. As for objects, however, they could be brought back even if they still existed. For example, an existing true treasure could be duplicated by bringing one from the past when turning back time. The punishment for this, however, would be horrifying. It would cost more to bring back a single true treasure than to get ten new true treasures.

Of course, the punishment for bringing back Yun Mo Star spaceship was nothing to Luo Feng. After all, Yun Mo Star spaceship wasn’t even a treasure.

Hua!

The door opened, and a handsome man in a black cape strolled excitedly through the doorway. He took a step and walked into the space. Undying fighters behind him walked out one by one as well. They all looked excited and nervous.

The handsome, black-caped man looked at Luo Feng, then noticed black-caped child beside him. “Babata!” he yelled.

“Big brother!” Babata couldn’t help it anymore. He teleported to beside the handsome man, Hu Yan Bo, and hugged him. This man was both like a big brother and a father to him. “Big brother, big brother, big brother…” Babata kept shouting as he embraced Hu Yan Bo, and his voice showed how much he had missed Hu Yan Bo.

Luo Feng looked in the distance and sighed. Babata was indeed close with Hu Yan Bo.

Hu Yan Bo and his nine slaves were all dazed. They all had the memories from the past, so they all knew that they had died… Yet they had been brought back now!

A universe master turned back time and revived them? How?

What dazed them more was Babata, who had previously only been an intelligent life form, had teleported to them!

“Teleportation? Babata, you—you’re undying now?” said an ape-shaped undying life form standing behind Hu Yan Bo.

“Yes.” Babata nodded. “With the help of my master, Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng. I’m an undying emperor now, and I can teleport.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader?”

Hu Yan Bo and his soul slaves were all bewildered. Of course, they knew Milky Way! Hu Yan Bo had a land in the Milky Way, yet they had never heard of any “horde leader.” They hadn’t expected a Milky Way Horde Leader to be here after being resurrected, and they couldn’t imagine that Babata—who had previously been an intelligent life form—was an undying emperor stronger than all of them now. After all, Hu Yan Bo was only an official.

“How long have we been dead? Ten million years? 100 million years?” Hu Yan Bo couldn’t help asking. “And who is this Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng?”

“Milky Way Horde Leader is one of the top beings in the human race, and he’s also one of the supreme beings in the original universe,” answered Babata. “It was Master Luo Feng who turned back time and resurrected you all. That is Master Luo Feng…”

He pointed at Luo Feng in the distance.

Hu Yan Bo and his slaves turned around to look at the silver-caped man standing in the distance. Their attention had been entirely on Babata. Until he pointed at Luo Feng, they hadn’t even realized he was standing there.

Hua!

The silver-caped man walked forward, which astounded Hu Yan Bo and his slaves. Amazing! This was a being who could turn back time! They were nothing in front of such a being.

“Teacher Hu Yan Bo,” said the silver-caped man.

Chapter 1315

After a while…

“I know the universe number of teacher Hu Yan Bo.” Luo Feng smiled. “As long as you connect to the virtual universe, you can see my number on your contact list. You can reach me anytime you want… Teacher Hu Yan Bo and Babata haven’t seen each other for a long time, so I’ll leave you two alone.”

He then turned around and disappeared.

Hu Yan Bo and his soul slaves were only relieved after seeing Luo Feng leave.

“Big brother, Master Luo Feng is grateful of you,” said Babata. “Even though you died a long time ago, you were his instructor and left your inheritance, which benefited him before. There’s no need to be so nervous. You can speak plainly… Big brother and the rest of you, why were you scared? He couldn’t even talk with you.”

“It sounds simple, and we all understand that,” said the ape-shaped undying fighter. “That’s a universe master, Babata! To us, Ganwu Universe Country Master is already an ancient and invincible being. As for universe masters? They are the pinnacle beings of the human race! Though big brother did that Milky Way Horde Leader a favor, we didn’t know him. Who wouldn’t be scared of a powerful being like him? He might be able to kill us with one look.”

Hu Yan Bo took a deep breath and stroked Babata’s head. “Babata, you fought with him before, and you’ve been with him since he was still weak. You grew with him, so you are comfortable with him. We didn’t know him directly, so we need to be well-behaved. Even if he owes me a favor, I can’t be reckless. Otherwise, I’ll be in trouble.”

Everyone around him nodded.

There was an ancient proverb on the Earth: “To be in the king’s company is tantamount to living with a tiger.” When facing a being with absolute power, one needed to be careful—even if that being owed a favor

Like a king on the earth, universe masters who could slaughter the beings on billions of planets and reserve time to save countless beings were held in awe by ordinary undying fighters. Most undying fighters couldn’t hope to even see a universe master in their lives.

“Okay.” Babata nodded. “I understand what you’re saying. Even though Master Luo Feng suppresses his power and treats me the same as before, I still feel nervous sometimes. I called him ‘Luo Feng’ before, but I don’t do that now.”

“That’s majesty.” Hu Yan Bo smiled. “Even if a supreme being doesn’t reveal his majesty directly, we still venerate him because of his status. Those without respect can’t live long. I just didn’t expect my broken inheritance to help cultivate such a great being.”

The yellow-skinned man behind Hu Yan Bo said, “Babata, you need to tell us the stories about this Milky Way Horde Leader.”

When they first met, Luo Feng had wanted to talk with them about his stories, and Babata briefed them, too. Hu Yan Bo and his slaves understood how they were connected to Luo Feng. However, after Babata finished briefing them, Hu Yan Bo and the others all looked incredibly nervous. Luo Feng had only talked with them for a short while, and he had left because they were too nervous to have a conversation.

As for Hu Yan Bo and his soul slaves, they were all curious about how an earthling had become one of the supreme beings in the entire human race after only 200,000 years. Hu Yan Bo and the others were all proud that they had helped him in the process, and they all understood that they had a bright future ahead of them as long as they were not foolish; they were now connected to a supreme being.

“I know everything about master Luo Feng before he became undying,” said Babata. “After becoming undying, he got more and more powerful, at which point I know less and less. Regardless, the stories I do know are fascinating enough. Master Luo Feng has a perfect mind and perfect willpower. He’s a truly peerless talent. I’ll tell you something about the catastrophes on Earth and the War of Talents…”

In the Milky Way, Luo Feng walked along in the quiet space.

The higher his status became, the lonelier he felt. His family—like his wife, his children, and his parents—would never be estranged from him. But the same could not be said of his friends. Even those friends he had fought with—like Rong Jun and even Hong and Thunder God—would be estranged from him. On the contrary, Wei Wen, who had grown up with him and didn’t know much about the seniors in the human race, still treated Luo Feng as he had before.

“Even if I suppress my power, they’re still awed by him. If I let it out, even universe knights don’t dare to look me right in the eyes.”

Luo Feng actually felt quite lonely. When he was resurrecting Hu Yan Bo and the slaves, he couldn’t help recalling all those friends he’d had before. Like Fire Hammer Squad, when he had first became a warrior! Like his friends who had died during the fight against the swallowing beast (the Golden Horned Beast). He had transferred its soul to him, yet the others died.

Could he resurrect them? No, he couldn’t. Although universe masters could reverse time, he wasn’t able to revive his mates from the past. Those heroes who had died fighting the swallowing beast were only at the star traveler level, so they only had 1,000 years to live! If he tried to resurrect them, he could indeed locate them. The punishment of turning back time could be borne by Luo Feng, but the passage of that time had to be borne by them.

Undying fighters could easily bear the passage of time. As for his mates from the past, their bodies would immediately weaken and decay with the passage of time, and without multiple bodies, their souls would quickly be gone. Luo Feng couldn’t help them at all, even if time was turned back.

This was one of the weaknesses of turning back time. It wasn’t perfect, as there were several exceptions to its abilities.

Luo Feng sighed and flew to the palaces in the distance. It was the holy land of Milky Way, where Luo Feng’s palaces were situated.

After arriving back at the Milky Way, Luo Feng reconstructed the time and space around his palace. Through his control over space and time, he isolated the space and time of the area from it. Even if ordinary spaceships went by, they couldn’t enter this space and time. After that, Luo Feng began his first practice after becoming a universe master!

In Luo Feng’s home in the Milky Way, he had garnered great fame thanks to the unprecedented war that had involved almost all the supreme beings in the original universe. Also, Luo Feng’s home was called “Milky Way Holy Land” or “Milky Way Den” by the other races on the outside.

It was where Luo Feng lived. Even an army couldn’t do anything to him, not to mention the others.

In Milky Way Holy Land, Boat of Mausoleum—which was ten billion kilometers long—slowly floated through space. Luo Feng was practicing in the space of inheritance inside it.

“Ever since I created the blade technique and got the inheritance, I haven’t created any blade techniques.” Star Tower started to float on Luo Feng’s palm. “I have Star Tower, too, yet I can only utilize the third-level engravings, and it’s already as complex as Nirvana Incarnation.”

Normally, it was easier to easier to utilize engravings than to create techniques! For example, universe masters like Peng Gong Master, Darkness Master, and Star River Master hadn’t created universe-supreme-master-level techniques, yet they could utilize engravings at that level! And the fact that Luo Feng was able to create a blade technique at that level meant he could utilize engravings more advanced than that.

Star Tower is the most mysterious true treasure I have, Luo Feng thought. Both Boat of Mausoleum and Shi Wu Wing are of the machine type, and they both have apparent functions and power limits. As for Blood Shadow Blade, it’s only an embryo, and all the techniques need to be created by me. Only Star Tower is so mysterious!

Before the war, Luo Feng had been confused as to why Star Tower had such strict requirements for master recognition. However, he hadn’t yet discovered the full extent of its unique capabilities, as he hadn’t been strong enough.

After the war, Luo Feng learned the first special advantage of Star Tower: It was much more efficient in guarding souls than other supreme true treasures!

“I’ll comprehend them carefully now.”

Luo Feng immediately started to comprehend the engravings now.

The time in the space of inheritance was ten thousand times faster than that outside, making it more efficient… After becoming a universe master, Luo Feng could finally start to improve his power comprehensively, trying to maximize his power at this level.

Hundreds of years passed, which was much longer on the outside.

Luo Feng opened his eyes in the space of inheritance after a long time and frowned. “Ancestral God School is looking for me?”

He took out a token, which had been given to him by the Ancestral Gods after he became a sub-member of the Ancestral God School.

“I need to go see the Ancestral Gods?”

Luo Feng was confused. If he was still at a mediocre level, it would have been normal for the Ancestral God school to give commands, but he held a different status now. His power had manifested in the previous war. Only under special circumstances would the Ancestral God School look for him. Besides, even if they actually needed him, they could have sent a prophet instead of summoning him directly.

I talked with all three Ancestral Gods after the war, and none of them is arrogant, thought Luo Feng. There must be a reason why they’re summoning me.

He was already a pinnacle being in the original universe, and there had to be mutual respect when great beings talked with each other!

Shua!

Luo Feng disappeared.

Ancestral God School, Bauhinia Island in the Ancestral God Secret Region.

The palace where Luo Feng lived was still there. A silver-caped being appeared, followed by a dimming light. It was Luo Feng.

“It’s been a long time.” Luo Feng looked around.

“Luo Feng!” came a voice. “Come here. There’s something important about the humans I need to tell you.”

Chapter 1316

Luo Feng frowned as he whispered to himself, “Right beside me? Double-face Ancestral God?”

Following the ripples of godly power, and considering how the other party had taken the first move to reveal himself, Luo Feng came to realize that the one who sent the voice transmission was Double-Face Ancestral God, who had previously saved him when he was at war with Virtual-Real Devil God. All this while, just to protect Luo Feng, Double-Face Ancestral God had stayed beside him as his neighbor, albeit without him knowing. He had not expected Double-face Ancestral God to reappear before him now.

Shua!

With a single step, Luo Feng teleported right away to the neighboring residence.

It was a serene building that carried the diverse characteristics of various races. Behind the high, lofty walls of the courtyard, there was a pond, and within the pond, there were many sculptures of six-armed beings of a race that resembled the human form being erected. There was a total of 11 sculptures, and in the middle of the pond was a flat, smooth rock. On this rock was a set of a wooden table accompanied by two wooden chairs.

The two wooden chairs faced one another. Seated on one of them was the tall and sturdy Double-Face Ancestral God. The two faces of Double-Face Ancestral God were completely different from one another; one was extremely kind and amiable, while the other was simply ferocious and mean. At that time, the one facing Luo Feng was obviously the fair-skinned face that was kind and amiable.

“Have a seat,” Double-Face Ancestral God said with a smile.

Luo Feng appeared in the sky above the pond and started to walk over to the other wooden chair. Then he sat down.

“I have specially prepared these fine foods and fruit wine.” Double-Face Ancestral God was holding a dark green wine bottle in one hand as he introduced the fine spread. “This is ice-fired fruit wine. In the whole primal universe, it can only be found in the Ancestral God secret region. There is only one ice-fired fruit once every 10,000 eras. Every fruit can allow one sector lord to have a 50 percent chance of becoming undying. This bottle of Ice-Fired Fruit Wine is the refined essence of 128,000 ice-fired fruits. Its taste is simply divine.”

Luo Feng laughed in amazement and said, “Ice-fired fruit wine? Who else but the Ancestral God School? I had heard it said that a large number of ice-fired fruits was required to produce ice-fired fruit wine, but I’ve never had the chance to try it.”

Ice-fired fruit could only be bred in a most unique environment. Just eating one fruit would produce an effect similar to receiving the inheritance of a Beast God. The differences were that this inheritance adhered to the water law and fire law instead. Eating one fruit would indeed boost the chances of a sector lord becoming an undying! This fruit was an incomparably precious piece of treasure in the universe. The only pity was that the Ancestral God School monopolized the field for producing it.

There were countless treasures in the Ancestral God secret region, but no external races could ever dream of laying hands on any of them. They were all under the Ancestral God School’s sole dominion. Furthermore, the willpower of the primal universe origin favored the Ancestral God School, so when there were unique treasures appearing—even before the other races caught wind of news—the Ancestral God School would already have learned about them.

Precious, fine wine and delectable cuisine lay spread out before them. Every one of these costs as much as a normal true treasure, but, of course, to the ancestral gods, it was not much. To the three great ancestral gods, Luo Feng was definitely qualified enough for them to go to such great lengths to show their hospitality.

“I’ve enjoyed the food and wine thoroughly,” Luo Feng teased with a smile. “Double-Face Ancestral God, your purpose in summoning me here—it’s time to get down to business. I have been so curious… This is something so important to us humans, but even we do not know about it. Yet Double-Face Ancestral God knows. I really wonder… What is this all about?”

“I just received this piece of news.” Double-face Ancestral God said softly, “And I got to know it from the willpower of the primal universe origin.”

“Willpower of the primal universe origin?”

Luo Feng was taken aback. Just a moment ago, he had still been in a slight daze with some lingering effects of the alcohol yet to wear off. Upon hearing this, his conscious mind, which was kept functioning by his godly power, was jerked into a speedy recovery.

“The willpower of the primal universe origin?” Luo Feng could not hold back his question. “Could it still be able to transmit information?”

The willpower of the primal universe origin, from what Luo Feng understood, was an instinctive willpower naturally formed by universe laws. Its tendency toward kindness or evil was instinctive. Like the strange object. It was instinctively revolting, which was why the Ancestral God School had sent subordinates to deal with it. “Double-Face Ancestral God, you are saying that the willpower of the primal universe origin told you… something important related to us humans?” Luo Feng found it hard to believe.

Double-Face Ancestral God nodded. “Yes. It shouldn’t be surprising. Perhaps you feel that being able to communicate with the willpower of the primal universe origin is unbelievable, but in fact… as ancestral gods, we are the spokespeople for the willpower of the primal universe origin. And this time around, the news is related to Huge Axe Creator of your human race, who has already been annihilated.”

“Huge Axe?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed faintly. “What news?”

“Huge Axe’s annihilation was actually because he was ambushed by other great beings within the Universe Ocean,” Double-face Ancestral God said. “Or, to say it more accurately, it was all a conspiracy.”

Immediately, Luo Feng began to bombard Double-Face Ancestral God with questions. “Conspiracy? Who?”

Among the human race, they were aware that the map from Yuan Ao Master had been a fake. Previously, Huge Axe had warned them about it, yet he had not mentioned the names of the conspirators. Maybe Huge Axe had thought that since he was not with the human race, expecting them to take revenge for him was just impractical. The damage would definitely outweigh the benefits, so he probably had not seen the need to mention names.

“A total of three conspirators were behind this ambush,” Double-Face Ancestral God said. “They are all from the first reincarnation era. The first of them is Great Thunder Star Master! The second one is Zhen Jia Emperor! The third one is Dragon Rock Ancestral God!”

Turbulent waves heaved and crashed within Luo Feng’s chest, and his eyes flashed with an uncontrollable desire for murder.

The first reincarnation era! Yes. That first reincarnation era was about to face its doomsday, so almost everyone was behaving like lunatics. What were they not capable of?

Great Thunder Star Master. Zhen Jia Emperor. Dragon Rock Ancestral God.

“The three of them…” Detailed information of these three started to flood Luo Feng’s mind.

Great Thunder Star Master, Zhen Jia Emperor, and Dragon Rock Ancestral God were not considered to be from pinnacle races during the first reincarnation era, but every one of them was still troublesome, frightening opponents.

Great Thunder Star Master belonged to a kind of special life form called the thunderstorm star life form. Back when the first reincarnation era was within the primal universe, thunderstorm stars as big as stars had appeared at the star traveler level. Every one of these thunderstorm stars had a willpower of their own. After countless years, some of these thunderstorm stars started to evolve. So long as they were able to undergo evolution, they could become undying. Then they would continue to become more powerful.

The thunderstorm star race was extremely tyrannical. Although its population was quite small, the race was very strong. Great Thunder Star Master was the supreme master of the entire Thunderstorm Star race.

Zhen Jia Emperor was also a special life form. He was a fire source race life form. Life forms from this race were born within the stars, but, out of a trillion stars, there might not necessarily be one that could breed a member of the fire source race. Every great being of the fire source race would become a sector lord upon reaching adulthood. Then they could refine metals to form bodies of steel, and their origin would evolve into the “eyes of the fire source.” So long as the eyes of the fire source remained ignited, these great beings would not die. Zhen Jia Emperor was the greatest leader of the fire source race. He was the emperor of the entire fire source race!

Dragon Rock Ancestral God was one of the three ancestral gods from the first reincarnation eras. However, back when the primal universe of that era was destroyed, they had all been banished from their homeland. The cohesiveness of the Ancestral God School had been destroyed. Dragon Rock Ancestral God might have been a special life form, but he also had a race under his leadership.

Some special life forms existed within the universe in the hundreds or the thousands. And, of course, the fewer they were in number, the more formidable their talents were. The dragon rock race had an estimated population size of a few thousand. Although they were not formidable, they were still special life forms to begin with, and their most unique characteristics were their massive godly bodies!

“Those three…” Luo Feng frowned.

What a difficult situation. He would have rather faced enmity with the five true masters of the Divine Eye clan than be caught in a scuffle with these three. The power of one alone was not to be underestimated, let alone the three of them combined. If these ancient freaks of nature, who were awaiting their doomsday, really were to combine forces, even Huge Axe Creator might find it hard to fight them.

“It was those three!” Double-Face Ancestral God looked at Luo Feng and asked, “Are you feeling the pressure now?”

“The three of them are all aloof and tyrannical supreme masters from the first reincarnation era,” said Luo Feng. “The supreme masters from my primal universe…” He shook his head. “They would be inferior to them in comparison. Three of them, and all with supreme true treasures. I am eager to kill them, but I must admit that I indeed feel the stress!”

Although he said this out loud, his heart was another matter. Was Luo Feng truly one who would bow his head and concede defeat so easily? In less than 200,000 years, he had matured into adulthood. Together with the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, why would he lack confidence whatsoever? Throughout the entire Universe Ocean, he feared no one. For these three who had brought about the annihilation of Huge Axe, Luo Feng would go all out and try every way possible to seek vengeance.

But, before Double-face Ancestral God, Luo Feng still had to put on a show because he was unclear about the actual intention of the willpower of the primal universe origin! Theoretically, this was purely a feud between universe supreme masters, and considering how detached the willpower of the primal universe origin was, by right, it would not be interfering. Yet, this time around, it had chosen to inform the humans through an ancestral god of the Ancestral God School.

To think there was no goa in this action… He would have to be a fool to believe that!

“No supreme masters is to be trifled with, not to mention these three universe supreme masters.” Luo Feng shook his head.

Double-face Ancestral God smiled. “It would be hard for others, but Milky Way Horde Leader, you have the Boat of Mausoleum… and you have charged your way through various dangerous lands. You have multiple bodies, so even if one of them were to be annihilated, it wouldn’t be a big deal. If you are unable to kill them, perhaps you could make use of the dangerous environment of the three most dangerous lands. Use them to your advantage, and also, make use of the uniqueness of your Boat of Mausoleum. Make them fall into a state of desperation or even to the brink of death. Wouldn’t that solve everything?”

“Such an opportunity is hard to come by,” Luo Feng said.

“So long as there is enough time, there will always be opportunities,” said Double-Face Ancestral God.

Luo Feng frowned as he stared at Double-Face Ancestral God, whose kind and amiable face was smiling back at him. Both of them looked into each other’s eyes. Then Luo Feng finally spoke very slowly. “Double-Face Ancestral God, the willpower of the primal universe origin… Why would it go through you to tell us, the human race, about this matter? I am no fool. There must be a reason behind all this. Tell me, what is the goal to be achieved? Or else my heart cannot be at ease!”

Double-Face Ancestral God smiled. “The goal is simple. The noble willpower of the primal universe origin… wants those three dead! Throughout Universe Ocean, you humans are the ones who have a reason for a feud with them. Secondly, other races may face difficulties trying to kill them. Only you, with that inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, have the greatest hope of achieving this goal. Even if you are unable to achieve it now, when you have become a universe supreme master, you will be able to do it.”

Luo Feng gave small nods. Yes. He had never doubted his own strength and ability, and he was especially confident since he had been comprehending Star Tower for several hundred eras. Perhaps it would not be realistic for him to be able to annihilate a universe supreme master now, but once he had become a supreme master, coupled with the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, he could easily realize the goal of becoming more powerful that Teacher Origin had been.

“The willpower of the primal universe origin wants the three of them dead?” Luo Feng mumbled to himself.

At that moment, various thoughts surfaced in his mind. He was starting to grasp a faint understanding of the willpower of the universe origin.

Chapter 1317

Luo Feng speculated that even though the mind of the original universe was beyond all the conflicts, it would still be angered if a great being did something wrong! And it wanted to kill those great beings!

However, even if it wanted to kill someone, it couldn’t do it by itself. It was obvious that it needed great beings’ help to kill Yuan Ao Master and the three conniving universe supreme masters. It meant that even the original mind, which was invincible and superior, needed to follow some rules!

Even Teacher Origin, who went against the original mind, was only eternally suppressed by the original mind, Luo Feng thought. Other than that, I haven’t heard that the original mind wanted anyone dead. It’ runs on pure instinct.

After contemplation, Luo Feng was far less intimidated by the original mind.

“My job is to tell you what happened!” said Double-Face Ancestral God with a smile. “I’m just here to tell you who conspired and led to the death of Huge Axe Creator. You humans can decide what to do. We can’t force you to do anything.”

Secretly, Luo Feng sneered. It wasn’t because the ancestral gods couldn’t force them, as even the original mind couldn’t force the humans! However, the humans couldn’t overlook such hostility— even if they couldn’t quickly avenge Huge Axe Creator.

“Thank you, Double-Face Ancestral God,” said Luo Feng. “It’s indeed important to us humans. I’ll show myself out.”

Luo Feng got up, intending to leave. Double-Face Ancestral God stood up and showed Luo Feng out. Luo Feng then went back to his place and left through god country transportation.

In the primal secret region of the human territory.

Hong! Long! Long!

The tumbling waves of Remote Ocean surged. Some of the waves were a million kilometers tall.

After the fight hundreds of years ago, Luo Feng had left his Remote Ocean here. There was a pinnacle soul true treasure hidden in Remote Ocean. Its godly power with Duan Mie and the pinnacle soul true treasure could resist any attacks under level ten.

The humans had captured more than 200 universe masters last time, significantly weakening the united forces alliance.

Even if the united forces used all their power to attack again, it could barely reach level nine. Besides, after getting the inheritance from Purple Moon Ancestor, the Freedom Alliance didn’t have any motivation anymore, and they had lost half their universe masters. They wouldn’t have any benefits, and it would be dangerous for them to get in a fight. How could they agree to fight their friends?

That was why the united forces alliance could only use around 400 universe masters. It wasn’t a threat!

“Teacher!” Luo Feng stepped on the space and flew to the highest level of the towering main palace. Primal Chaos City Leader was leaning against the handrail and looking to Luo Feng.

“Are you practicing? Why are you here?” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled.

“Double-Face Ancestral God just talked to me,” said Luo Feng. “The original mind told him to give me some important information, so I had to come here and see you.”

“The original mind told the ancestral gods to give you information? That original mind…” Primal Chaos City Leader was shocked. “What kind of information?”

“Double-Face Ancestral God told me that three beings conspired to kill Huge Axe Creator,” said Luo Feng.

Primal Chaos City Leader was shocked. His godly body shook. “Who?”

“From the first universe era,” said Luo Feng. “Great Thunder Star Master, Zhen Jia Emperor, and Dragon Rock Ancestral God!”

Primal Chaos City Leader’s lips quivered. He was whispering the names. He clenched his fist, twisting the space and time around him, and his eyes glinted fiercely. Belligerence, hatred, and an urge to kill all rushed through his mind. Compared to Luo Feng, he had been far much more devastated by Huge Axe’s death.

Luo Feng was grateful that Huge Axe had helped him before, but they were not close, as they hadn’t talked with each other much. As for Primal Chaos City Leader, it was different… Both he and Huge Axe had followed Teacher Origin, and Huge Axe was like a brother to him. After Teacher Origin was suppressed, the burden of the humans had fallen on Huge Axe and Primal Chaos City Leader. They were closer than brothers! Teacher Origin and Huge Axe had been closer to Primal Chaos City Leader than anyone else in the human race; Teacher Origin had been like a father, while Huge Axe had been like a big brother!

“Great Thunder Star Master! Zhen Jia Emperor! Dragon Rock Ancestral God! They all deserve to die!” Primal Chaos City Leader spat the words out of his mouth.

“Teacher…” Luo Feng realized his teacher’s mood was out of control.

“I’m okay.” Primal Chaos City Leader suppressed his desire to kill. “Relax. I know these three universe supreme masters are more difficult to deal with than those in the original universe. Huge Axe Creator chose not to name them because he didn’t want us to suffer losses. However, we’ll avenge Huge Axe one way or another! Just not now.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Primal Chaos City Leader closed his eyes. It seemed that he had successfully suppressed his emotions. He then opened his eyes and started another topic. “Luo Feng, you’ve been practicing for hundreds of years, so I didn’t bother you, but I need to tell you what happened in the past few hundred years.”

“Please do, Teacher,” said Luo Feng.

“The Hong Alliance has better policies now,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “There are greater benefits from joining the Hong Alliance, and those who betray the Hong Alliance will be heavily punished. The unity of the Hong Alliance is growing stronger, and even 12 universe masters from the Freedom Alliance joined the Hong Alliance.”

Luo Feng looked pleased.

It was true. Anyone with eyes could see that the unity on the human team was better, yet the united forces formed only a loose alliance. The humans had greater potential, and with the attraction of more benefits, it was natural that universe masters opted to join.

“Besides, Purple Moon Holy Land offered the inheritance to the Freedom Alliance and the united forces alliance,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “It’s widely spread! Some of the universe masters in the Hong Alliance are from the race with those in Freedom Alliance. Some universe masters from the Freedom Alliance share the inheritance with those from the same race, and they share it with us.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“Which means we get the inheritance from the Purple Moon Holy Land, too,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Actually, Purple Moon Holy Land was already prepared for us to know the inheritance.”

“How is the inheritance?” asked Luo Feng.

“It’s very detailed and comprehensive,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “It’s indeed ten times better than the information we prepared for the other races. Of course, it’s nothing compared to yours.”

Luo Feng nodded. The inheritance he had obtained was incredibly detailed—from machine type to valuable-making stream to other streams. The memory stones from Duan Dong River contained incredible information, yet Luo Feng had only extracted a little bit providing the other races with a simplified version. It was nothing compared to what the humans had.

“Based on what Purple Moon Holy Land provided, we can give a bit more to lure the other races,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “It’s very unlikely for someone to become a universe supreme master from a universe master, so it’s okay to give them the information. Besides, with time going by, and with the systematic training provided to humans, there will be a great number of universe knights and even universe masters. Humans will soon grow stronger and stronger, and there will be more beings as powerful as Teacher Origin, or beings who can transcend incarnation! Our status will be very stable.”

Luo Feng nodded. If the humans were advancing quickly, they needed to help out their subsidiaries as well. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be loyal to the humans.

“By the way, how was the practicing in the past several centuries?” asked Primal Chaos City Leader.

“It’s going great.” Luo Feng couldn’t help expressing his joy.

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded with satisfaction. He knew that this disciple of his was always sensational when he truly showed his power, although he normally remained low-key. If he said it was “going great,” it meant he had gained a lot.

“Do you have a plan to become a universe supreme master?” asked Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Yes, but it’s very difficult!” Luo Feng exclaimed.

Of course, he had a plan. Regarding law comprehension and techniques, he was already at the pinnacle of universe masters. After all, it was already incredible for universe masters to be able to create merged supreme techniques, yet Luo Feng created a universe-supreme-master-level technique, “Nirvana Incarnation,” and he had perfect godly power… He was able to break into a universe supreme master!

However, this was beyond difficult! In the past few hundred years (hundreds of eras in the space of inheritance), his greatest accomplishment had been understanding Star Tower better!

Luo Feng was full of joy every time he thought of Star Tower. It was, after all, the most mysterious true treasure he possessed and had proven incredible beyond his expectations! When he was still weak, he hadn’t found it to be special. But after getting stronger— especially after the war hundreds of years ago—he had found a highlight of Star Tower. After hundreds of eras of comprehension, he had discovered that the highlight was only a small part of Star Tower! It was an exceptional and extraordinary true treasure. The stronger his power grew, the more he learned of its functions.

“It’s remarkable. It’s much more precious than Shi Wu Wing. Based on the broken memories, Shi Wu Wing was used by a being much mightier than true gods! As for Star Tower, it was already enough to beings at that level. How did teacher Sitting Mountain Guest create a true treasure at that level?”

Luo Feng found it hard to believe. In his opinion, universe supreme masters (true gods) wouldn’t be able to create Star Tower.

Teacher once said something unexpected happened when he was making it, Luo Feng thought. Is it because of that? Besides… Teacher created the Flame God race, but they failed him, so he later created the earthlings… What does teacher Sitting Mountain Guest want?”

Luo Feng felt that everything about Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest was mysterious! Nine Volume Manual was exceptional, and Sitting Mountain Guest was the only one known to be able to create a manual like that.

For what it’s worth, I owe teacher Sitting Mountain Guest big time. If he needs my help, I’ll do everything I can to help him! Luo Feng thought. I’m already powerful enough, and there’s nothing to be afraid of. I’ll wait until the day Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest comes to ask me for help.

After several eras of practicing, he understood much more about Star Tower, and he was also pondering how to become a universe supreme master!

He had four bodies now. If he followed the normal route of law evolution, his god country would become a miniature universe while all the bodies would be combined into one. After combining into the original earthling body, 99 percent of the godly power in Remote Ocean would return back to the original universe. Luo Feng couldn’t allow that to happen. Fortunately, he had the inheritance from Duan Dong River, so he knew exactly what he should do to avoid it!

I can only follow another path—a more difficult path, and a path to be more powerful, thought Luo Feng. I will start with my godly body and break the laws with my strength, after which I’ll become a true god! Only by doing that can my godly body absorb all the godly power, holding it in my endless Remote Ocean.

Chapter 1318

My Remote Ocean is too enormous! thought Luo Feng.

It’s already huge like this now, and with time going by, it’ll be measured in light years in the future. It’s incredible to have such an enormous godly power even in the inheritance of the ancient civilization. If I want to merge it into a sole godly body, I need to attain at least a gene level of 90,000 times.

Starting from godly power, using strength to break through the laws, and becoming a true god in the end—there were different levels, certainly!

The perfect life gene level in the original universe was 10,081 times! Once someone broke this limit—such as by reaching a life gene level of 11,000 times—they could change their god country into a miniature universe in the blink of an eye. Of course, the improvement in power was negligible when making a breakthrough like this.

Based on the documents about inheritance from Duan Dong River, those who became true gods with a life gene level under 30,000 times and followed the law path couldn’t experience a substantial change in their power.

30,000 to 60,000 times was the first level. 60,000 to 90,000 times was the second level. 90,000 to almost 100,000 times was the third level. These were the three levels of godly power path.

At the first level, godly bodies would be ten times larger! For example, those with godly bodies 100,000 kilometers tall would become a million kilometers tall, which meant the godly power would be 1,000 times more. Besides, this advantage would stay forever, even after surpassing true gods. At the second level, godly bodies would become 1,000 times taller! For example, humans could become 100,000 kilometers tall!

It was most difficult to reach the third level. After all, in the documents of Duan Dong River inheritance, nobody had ever reached a life gene level of 100,000 times. The best they could do was to get close to it! 90,000 times was already an incredible threshold. When someone reached this level, they could have flexible sizes of bodies and unlimited godly bodies. It was true. Unlimited godly bodies and limitless volumes.

Godly power decided volumes. The more godly power one had, the larger one’s volume would be! Of course, after becoming a true god, one’s godly power storage would be fixed. There was only a limited amount of godly power; even the origin of the original universe couldn’t give all its power to one being. When becoming a universe supreme master from a universe master, the original universe could only help turn a god country into a small universe.

As for godly bodies, for ordinary universe masters, they followed the law path, and after making their breakthrough and becoming a universe supreme master, they would use miniature universes and turn chaos energies into godly power to supply themselves. Then they would become universe supreme masters with life gene levels of 10,000 times.

The limit of the first level is one million kilometers tall; the limit of the second level is a hundred million kilometers tall, and the third level has limitless volume, Luo Feng thought. However, it’s only a theoretical limit. One needs to swallow godly power for its godly body to become larger. Those at the first two levels might be able to swallow the godly power from the universe origin, but at the third level…

Luo Feng shook his head. The original universe could only supply a limited amount of godly power, and after a while, it would stop. Otherwise, Nine Remoteness Ocean would have grown larger.

In the ancient civilization, if an inheritor could reach the life gene level of 90,000 times, the previous inheritors would prepare an enormous amount of valuables to store the godly power for the juniors to absorb so they could form godly bodies with great godly power storage. However, we can’t get those kinds of valuables in this civilization anymore. Fortunately, I have Remote Ocean for me to absorb. I need to reach a life gene level of 90,000 times so I can have all the power in Remote Ocean.

There were three levels of the godly power path. And it was almost impossible to attain the third level.

It was already a miracle for one out of 10,000 universe masters to succeed on the godly power path, and it was a greater miracle that one out of 10,000 true gods who succeeded on the godly power path reached the third level. The inheritors of Duan Dong River could all succeed on the godly power path with the inheritance they had. However, only two had reached the third level, and luck was required in both cases.

Though it’s very difficult for me to reach the third level, I still have a chance, Luo Feng thought. For one thing, I have the inheritance from Duan Dong River. For another, I have the space of inheritance. I can practice there, where time passes by 10,000 times faster.

It was a luxury to be able to practice in a place where time passed 10,00 times faster than the outside, as it was against the rules of space and time. The longer a great being practiced under accelerated time, the higher the price he needed to pay! When Luo Feng was practicing in Beast God Sector, Space Beast Ancestor had only agreed because he was still weak.

When the great beings were fighting for the inheritance from Duan Dong River, the powers had only allowed them to be trained there for a short period of time, because the inheritance from Duan Dong River was at stake.

This acceleration was a robbery of the origin of the miniature universe! It already placed great pressure on universe masters to do so, and if a universe supreme master did so, it would consume much more power. Nobody dared to do it for a long time!

I practice in my space of inheritance while I can maintain in the accelerated time. Besides, my Remote Ocean body also has an inherited technique, Creation!

Remote Ocean had two inherited techniques: “Ocean Transformation” and “Creation.” And once if performed the second technique, it could analyze the fundamental characteristics of many life forms and eventually even create life forms. Nine Remoteness Master had been able to create an entire race, and he was only a universe master. Even universe supreme masters weren’t able to create an entire race, yet Nine Remoteness Master had managed to do that.

Luo Feng was able to do that as well. It was based on his inherited technique, Creation.

Based on the inheritance from the ancient civilization, inherited techniques that can analyze the foundation of life forms and create life forms are the best for studying life genes… With this technique, I have higher hopes of reaching a life gene level of 90,000 times. I’ve already had plenty of help, so I need to make my own efforts now.

All the previous inheritors had help from inheritors before them. However, only two of them had attained a life gene level of 90,000 times.

Luo Feng needed to study all the life forms in the original universe: plant life forms, flesh and blood life forms, metal life forms, rock life forms, energy life forms, and so on. Other than those living beings, he also needed to study lifeless objects in the universe like materials, rocks, fruits, and strange objects.

He needed to study billions of life forms and objects. It was a path where he needed to devote endless time and energy and study countless lives and material. He needed to find a way to enhance his godly power. He even needed to find the corpses of many great beings. Difficult! Difficult! Difficult!

Luo Feng was certain he could become a true god following the godly power path, but he couldn’t guarantee he could reach a life gene level of 90,000 times. There was only a chance.

I’ll strive for it, as there is a chance, thought Luo Feng. If I can’t reach a life gene level of 90,000 times before this universe era ends, I’ll immediately make the breakthrough and become a true god no matter what.

For what it was worth, it was easy for him to have a life gene level over 10,000 times before this universe era ended.

I need to go to Universe Ocean and gather many strange objects and life forms now, Luo Feng thought.

Only by looking into the foundations of life forms from varying angles could he advance on the godly power path.

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader stood in front of the handrail.

“Teacher,” said Luo Feng. “I’m going to Universe Ocean.”

“Universe Ocean?” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng.

“Yes. I want to become a universe supreme master, so I need to gather lots of strange objects,” said Luo Feng.

Primal Chaos City Leader was astounded. “Why do you need strange objects to be a universe supreme master? Strange objects are only under supreme true treasures, and they are rare.”

“Teacher, I don’t mean that kind of strange object.” Luo Feng smiled. “I mean things that are special, not necessarily true treasure weapons. I just need them to be special. Even a special rock will suffice.”

“You…” Primal Chaos City Leader had been told lots of information about the inheritance before, and he was surprised. “Are you following the godly power path?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Based on the inheritance from the ancient civilization, it’s very difficult to follow the godly power path.” Primal Chaos City Leader couldn’t help asking, “Do you want your Remote Ocean…?”

“That’s right. I don’t want to give it up.” Luo Feng nodded. “From now on, my original body and golden horned beast body will stay in Universe Ocean. My Mosha body and Remote Ocean body will stay in the original universe, and I’ll leave two Ancient God Eyes here. They are enough to cover everything.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. Staying in Universe Ocean for a long time… This disciple of his was indeed determined. However, it required great perseverance to follow the godly power path!

My ultimate goal is a life gene level of 90,000 times, thought Luo Feng. Only two inheritors succeeded from Duan Dong River inheritance, one of the best inheritances from the ancient civilization. I can’t succeed without putting forth all my efforts.

“Okay, you may go.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Adventure through Universe Ocean all you want. You have Star Tower and Boat of Mausoleum, so you have a better chance to survive extreme dangers. You also need to keep an eye on those three conspirators who led to Huge Axe’s death. Please figure out why they wanted him dead. After all, there was no benefit from Huge Axe’s dying. On the contrary, they might be in danger. I think there’s something else going on behind this.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded. “It also has to do with the original mind, which told us through the Ancestral God School. They seem to want us to kill those three. Even the original mind is involved, now. I think there’s a huge scheme behind this.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded and said, “Even though you’re on it, you should be more cautious with your own well-being.”

“Don’t worry.” Luo Feng smiled. “Teacher, I’ll go to Universe Ocean now.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. He then watched Luo Feng fly away and disappear

Chapter 1319

Within the vast void space outside the Universe Boat…

Hong!

A nine-story tower was advancing very quickly, and its extremely high speed left a dazzling tail of light in its trail.

Within the tower, Luo Feng had Blood Ghost Blade slung across his back as he looked far ahead into the distance at the towering yet damaged Universe Boat.

“Starting today,” he whispered, “I shall spend the majority of the next couple years roaming about the three most dangerous lands of the Universe Ocean! I am no longer the Luo Feng of yesterday. Now, I have become a universe master. After countless eras of submerging myself in cultivation, albeit discreetly, my strength has greatly increased! There is no need for me to act in secret anymore!”

Many universe masters had stayed around the peripheral region of Universe Boat for a long time, but most of them were only at the third- to fourth-tier standard.

“Look, the supreme true treasure, Star Tower!”

“It’s Star Tower from the primal universe. I heard that internally, the primal universe is divided into two big factions. The united forces camp and human camp are engaged in an unprecedented, ultimate war… One from the human camp is Milky Way Horde Leader, who has taken out Star Tower. Now that the situation within the primal universe has stabilized, Milky Way Horde Leader actually drove Star Tower here to Universe Boat!”

“Star Tower has stood in the primal universe for such a long time, but no one has managed to get it to recognize a master. Who would have expected it to finally fall into the hands of Milky Way Horde Leader? Besides, this Milky Way Horde Leader was also the one who had received the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River. Milky Way Horde Leader… is simply too lucky! Why don’t I have such good luck?”

Luo Feng had no intentions of hiding at all. Onboard Star Tower, he had charged his way into Universe Boat. Of course, he would have gathered a sizable crowd of onlookers.

“Reporting to our race ancestors! The human, Milky Way Horde Leader, ‘Luo Feng,’ from the primal universe era has just entered the Universe Boat onboard Star Tower.”

“True Masters! Luo Feng has entered Universe Boat.”

“Ancestor, Milky Way Horde Leader has just entered the Universe Boat onboard his Star Tower. Just only.”

How fast did news spread in Universe Ocean? In just one day, the news had spread to all three reincarnation eras and the two holy lands! After all, since Luo Feng had received the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, he had become a “moving treasure” in the eyes of various groups of top powers within the entire Universe Ocean. Who would not covet Luo Feng’s inheritance?

The only thing was, they did not have the ability to obtain it!

Once where Luo Feng had been besieged by a group of universe supreme masters, every single one of them had released an outburst of combat power at the seventh- to eighth-tier level. There were even some who had released an outburst of ninth-tier combat power. When all of these were combined, the force was so powerful that even Teacher Origin might not have been able to resist it. But at the time, it was not even enough to make Boat of Mausoleum to budge. That was when they all knew that by using brute force alone, there was no way they could get that inheritance from Luo Feng. But this time around, he had chosen to bring Star Tower into Universe Boat instead. This made them all doubtful of his intentions.

The human camp had just stabilized, and Star Tower—an important combat power—was actually brought out into the Universe Ocean? And so openly, at that?

“Seems like Luo Feng is very confident about the strength of the human camp.”

“All universe masters of my race shall obey this command. Do not provoke Luo Feng. Keep your distance, and if you see him from a distance, be sure to steer clear of his path.”

“Transmit my command. No universe masters shall provoke Luo Feng.”

Luo Feng, who was on board Star Tower, entered Universe Boat. As he made his way into the deeper region of Universe Boast, not a single great being dared to provoke him! After all, those who did were normally universe supreme masters, and universe supreme masters were mostly gathered in the core or at least at the peripheral area of the core.

As for universe masters? For now, all the groups of top powers within the Universe Ocean knew that Luo Feng had a palace type supreme true treasure: Star Tower. When Star Tower executed its “swallowing” technique, only those who were at least at the sixth-tier as the top level power could resist. Normal universe masters who hid a good distance away would be spared, but the moment they were near, they would be swallowed by Star Tower right away.

Secondly, Luo Feng had a soul-impact treasure. There were sayings that only those with willpower at the level of a universe supreme master would be able to resist. Otherwise, anyone else would not be able to put up any resistance before Luo Feng.

These two factors alone made all the universe masters from the groups of top powers extremely fearful of Luo Feng!

Time passed.

In the blink of an eye, Luo Feng had been in Universe Boat for 300 years. He might have been strong, but his speed was still unable to exceed the limit of 100 times light speed! So if he wanted to make it to the secret chamber within the space of the cyan token, he would still need close to 700 years to arrive at his destination.

While many universe masters of the various groups of top powers had been on tenterhooks when Luo Feng first appeared within the Universe Ocean, now, they were no longer so worried.

In the beginning, they had been afraid that Luo Feng would initiate an orgy of killing. After all, the Ancestral God Eye was only capable of facing one direction at any one time; it was limited in terms of distance affected, but it was still considerably far! The combination of the Ancestral God Eye and Star Tower was an absolute nightmare for the universe masters. If they were to accidentally encounter Luo Feng, there was no way they would have time to escape. When some universe masters accidentally bumped into the approaching Star Tower, they were all scared out of their wits. Without second thoughts, they took off in another direction.

However, when Star Tower passed them, it did not attack. Initially, they felt relieved. With the passing of time—especially after more than 300 years had passed—even when Luo Feng crossed paths with any of the universe masters, he still made no move to attack. This had put the majority of the universe masters at ease.

“I am no fool!” Standing in the hall of Star Tower, looking out at the endless blazing flames, Luo Feng smiled to himself. “I may have the ability to kill and capture these universe masters. I may even be more skillful than most of the universe supreme masters… but, if I were to kill mindlessly, I would make enemies all over the place.”

Making enemies everywhere, thought Luo Feng. That, I am not scared of. But it would subsequently bring harm to my human race and the Hong Alliance.

The various groups of top powers of the universe had once joined forces to attack the Boat of Mausoleum, but at that time, everyone had attacked one another, so there had been no loss on any side. Therefore, it had not resulted in a feud! Some great beings could still continue to maintain close friendships with Luo Feng. But if he were to go on a rampage, killing universe masters of other races, and there were universe masters who were annihilated as a result, then hatred and enmity would arise.

When he had fought against the other races, so long as there were no injuries, he could still join forces with these other races to fight others if the need arose. But if the opposing side annihilated Ice Mountain Master or Primal Chaos City Leader… Luo Feng would be red-eyed with anger. The same theory applied. If he had gone on a rampage, killing mercilessly, he would have made enemies everywhere he went! By then, the universe masters whose abilities were a notch weaker—like Long Yan Master and Remote Lord Master —would have trouble making their way about Universe Ocean.

Of course, Luo Feng would never allow himself to take such a foolish course of action.

“I have been in the outside world for over 300 years and in the space of cultivation for more than 300 eras,” Luo Feng said to himself. “Comprehending Star Tower has brought me to my current ultimate limit. The second volume of Extermination, one of three sets of lost knowledge, is too difficult. I have yet to master it. But I have gained a lot from Star Tower, which is more than enough.”

Before the battle, he was only able to comprehend the first three layers of secret engravings of Star Tower.

For an ordinary supreme true treasure, the third layer would normally reach the sixth tier as the top level of combat power! The fourth layer of secret engravings would reach the seventh tier as the top level of combat power! The fifth layer of secret engravings would reach the eighth tier as the top level of combat power! The sixth layer of secret engravings would reach the ninth tier as the top level of combat power! (This was Huge Axe’s level.) The seventh layer of secret engravings would reach the tenth tier as the top level of combat power! (This was Teacher Origin’s level. However, some supreme true treasures might not have a seventh layer of secret engravings on them).

The classification of an ability could usually be determined this way. But Star Tower was different.

The first three layers of Star Tower were still considered normal, where the third layer was at the sixth tier as the top level of combat power.

The fourth layer: the seventh tier as the top level of combat power!

The fifth layer: the eighth tier as the top level of combat power!

The sixth layer: the eighth tier as the top level of combat power!

The seventh layer: the ninth tier as the top level of combat power!

The eighth layer: the ninth tier as the top level of combat power!

The ninth layer: the tenth tier as the top level of combat power!

For now, Luo Feng could only faintly detect its power up to the ninth layer. After that, everything was blurred, and he simply could not detect further. As for its strength, he could vaguely make a judgment based on its secret engravings. Of course, for now, Star Tower was fully capable of executing combat power at the fifth layer, which was the level at which Luo Feng managed to gain a complete comprehension of—after spending more than 600 eras comprehending it! From its strength, one could tell the difference between Star Tower and the other supreme true treasures. Star Tower’s fourth layer was no different from the fourth layer of other supreme true treasures. However, its sixth layer was matched to the fifth later of other supreme true treasures.

Other supreme true treasures followed the sequence of the seventh tier as the top level of combat power—eighth tier as the top level of combat power—ninth tier as the top level of combat power! But for Star Tower, the sequence was the seventh tier as the top level of combat power—eighth tier as the top level of combat power—eighth tier as the top level of combat power—ninth tier as the top level of combat power.

Firstly, its power could be fully maximized. Secondly, every layer of secret engravings would represent one type of combat technique.

The fourth layer and fifth layer meant that Luo Feng had mastered two more different techniques.

For normal supreme true treasures like Black Prison Tower, I’m afraid they could only execute up to the fourth layer, Luo Feng thought. But for Star Tower, I can execute techniques up to the fourth and fifth layers.

The two techniques that he was able to execute upon increasing his level made Luo Feng even more eager and interested in Star Tower.

“When my strength improves by another notch, I will be able to create a higher level blade technique,” Luo Feng said to himself. “By that time, I will be able to comprehend the sixth and seventh layers.”

While other universe supreme masters improved their strength by comprehending the next layer of secret engravings, Luo Feng improved his by comprehending two layers.

In the blink of an eye, Luo Feng had been in Universe Boat for more than 400 years.

Within Whirling Swamp Ocean in the internal region of Universe Boat…

Hua! Hua!

The greenish Whirling Swamp Ocean was forming numerous gigantic whirlpools that were tearing everything apart. Within the Whirling Swamp Ocean was a huge red reef with its largest diameter being around 900 million kilometers. On this red reef were 12 universe masters. All of them were staring hard into the distance.

There were numerous whirlpools created by the Whirling Swamp Ocean, and they all converged to give rise to an extremely large whirlpool. Far in the distance was the core of that extremely large whirlpool.

“Every time a treasure is born within the Whirling Swamp Ocean, it will be a pinnacle true treasure at least. It might even be a pinnacle domain type, palace type, or many other kinds of precious true treasures.”

The 12 universe masters who all came from different groups of top powers were staring intensely as they waited in silence. The endless whirlpools of the Whirling Swamp Ocean produced a gale that could sweep through everything in time and space. Comparatively, the whirlwind around the reef was weaker, yet it was more than enough to cause the universe masters on the reef to face difficulty in standing.

Suddenly—

Hong!

A streak of light flew over at high speed from afar.

The universe masters of various races on the reef were taken aback.

“It is the most dangerous moment of the Whirling Swamp Ocean right now. Who would dare to hover in the skies above? Are they not worried about being swept down into it?”

“It’s Star Tower.”

“The nine-story tower! It’s Milky Way Horde Leader’s Star Tower!”

“No wonder he dared to barge his way in so directly. It’s because he has a palace supreme true treasure. If I had one, I, too, would dare to charge my way straight into the deep region of the Whirling Swamp Ocean.”

These universe masters all watched from afar in astonishment. Not a single one of them had the intention of escaping or hiding. When Luo Feng had just entered Universe Boat, the moment they saw him, they would most likely have scattered to escape for their dear lives. But now, everyone knew… Luo Feng indeed had the demeanor of a great being; he would never ever bully the weak. All this while, no one had ever heard of Luo Feng killing anyone.

“Eh? Star Tower is taking a turn.”

“It is flying toward us.”

“It is coming over!”

All the universe masters on the reef—who were either plant life forms, energy life forms, or flesh and blood life forms—were instantly shocked. The next moment, they all started to panic! If this Milky Way Horde Leader had no designs on them, why would he deliberately make a turn and head in their direction? But now, even if they wanted to, it was too late to escape.

Because he was already too close, the gale of Whirling Swamp Ocean had reached an extremely high level. They did not even dare to fly in the skies above.

A life form with three black spikes on its back yelled, “Milky Way Horde Leader, the true treasure that will be born from this Whirling Swamp Ocean—we are willing to let you, Milky Way Horde Leader, have it.”

Every universe master there—all of whom were from different races —watched expectantly.

Star Tower gradually reduced its speed and hovered at a particular spot above the reef.

Hua!

From one of the side doors at the base of Star Tower, a lone figure slowly flew out. Garbed in silver armor and with four silver wings outspread, the figure swept its gaze across the surroundings as he looked down.

“The other 11 universe masters here have no cause for worry. I am here… only because of him—!”

Luo Feng’s finger pointed down at one of the 12 universe masters.

Instantly, the other 11 universe masters turned around to see who the unlucky fellow was. Their eyes fell upon the tall and lofty thunder giant who carried lightning balls on his chest. His expression betrayed his fear as he looked around, then looked up at Luo Feng. His face was filled with panic and terror

Chapter 1320

“I, I…” Thunder giant looked around. The 11 universe masters around him tried to stay away. They would have loved to see this thunder giant suffer. These universe masters of other races could tell that Luo Feng was seeking the thunder giant for personal issues!

Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng had been in Universe Boat for a long time, and he’d never made reckless killings before. However, he was suddenly targeting one of the universe masters. Apparently, there were some personal issues between them.

“Thunderstorm star race!” Luo Feng looked down at the thunder giant. “Thunder Shuttle Master!”

“I, I…” Thunder Shuttle Master said, horrified. “Milky Way Horde Leader, I have never seen you before, and there’s no grudge between us. Why are you targeting me?”

He was brave, but he was still terrified by a being who could easily kill him.

“No grudge?” Luo Feng sneered. “Of course, there is. Otherwise, why would I target you?”

The other universe masters were watching them fight. They were barely acquaintances with Thunder Shuttle Master. Besides, they were competitors with each other for the true treasures about to be born. They were happy that Luo Feng was targeting Thunder Shuttle Master. They all knew how powerful Luo Feng was, so none of them dared to meddle. Otherwise, they would bring trouble upon themselves.

“Milky Way Horde Leader, I…” said Thunder Shuttle Master.

“No need to say anything,” said Luo Feng. Then he yelled, “Get in!”

Suddenly, a black hole appeared at the bottom of Star Tower, and it started to swallow the thunder giant.

“No!” Thunder giant yelled and struggled to get out. “I’m from Thunderstorm Star! My ancestor is Great Thunder Star Master! Luo Feng, if you kill me, you’ll make yourself an enemy of Thunderstorm Star and Great Thunder Star Master.”

The space trembled under the roar. Apparently, that thunder giant was hysterical.

“I am making myself his enemy!” said Luo Feng.

Hua!

Although the thunder giant struggled against the swallowing power, he was still flying toward the base of Star Tower. Finally, he was completely sucked in. This turn of events terrified all the 11 universe masters of other races in the area. They were all silent as the powerful Thunder Shuttle Master was sucked into Star Tower.

Everyone was terrified. They knew Luo Feng was powerful, but they were still frightened to witness it with their own eyes.

“That Luo Feng is mad.”

“He has no respect for Great Thunder Star Master, who is one of the most powerful universe supreme masters from the first universe era. Even races like the Divine Eye clan don’t want to be enemies of the Thunderstorm race, which has a small population but great power.”

Luo Feng held Star Tower and landed slowly. The sight horrified all the universe masters. What did he want? He had already captured Thunder Shuttle Master. Why wasn’t he leaving?

Luo Feng stepped on the ground and looked around at the powerful universe masters around him. Most of these universe masters were at level five, and the weakest were at top-tier level four. He said, “I captured Thunder Shuttle Master because of Great Thunder Star Master! You can spread the news and tell everyone that I’ll stay at the center of Whirling Swamp Ocean and wait for him for ten years! If he doesn’t show up within ten years, I’ll kill Thunder Shuttle Master! Did you hear me?” Luo Feng glanced around.

“Don’t worry, Milky Way Horde Leader, we’ll spread the news for sure.”

None of the universe masters dared to disobey him. He was too powerful and had just made himself an enemy of Great Thunder Star Master. Of course, they didn’t want to go against him. It was only spreading the news; they would have done that even Luo Feng hadn’t asked them to.

“Then you can just wait here until the valuables are born. No need to worry about me.” Luo Feng waved his hands, and Star Tower landed on the ground. It immediately became larger and reached 100 million kilometers tall, standing at the center of the huge reef. Luo Feng entered Star Tower and started to wait.

“Thunder Shuttle Master,” Luo Feng said, transmitting his voice. “If your Great Thunder Star Master doesn’t come, don’t blame me for your death.”

Thunder Shuttle Master didn’t say a word.

Luo Feng was under the spotlight of the three universe eras and the two holy lands in Universe Ocean. Everything he did attracted attention. He hadn’t targeted anyone after entering Universe Ocean. However, he had suddenly captured Thunder Shuttle Master from Thunderstorm Star and was now waiting for Great Thunder Star Master! And he had set a deadline of ten years!

“Universe supreme masters can easily break the speed limit, and they can arrive at Whirling Swamp Ocean no matter where they take off from. Luo Feng gave a deadline of ten years—clearly enough time.”

“Why does Luo Feng want to make himself an enemy of Great Thunder Star Master?”

“Who knows?”

Core ground of Tilted Peak Sector, in 10,000 Waves Waters, an area close to the Land of Darkness.

That same day, the news was spread. 10,000 Waves Water was an area in the core ground of Tilted Peak Sector, and it was famous for its illusions. Even with a supreme true treasure palace, it was difficult to get out if one was lost. Of course, it was still much safer than the Land of Darkness. After all, nobody had ever managed to survive the Land of Darkness.

Hong! Long!

An ancient ship floated on the waves. On the ship sat a giant mountain creature, an iron creature, and a thunder giant. They were the three eminent creatures from the first universe era: Dragon Rock Ancestral God, Zhen Jia Emperor, and Great Thunder Star Master.

Dragon Rock Ancestral God sat there, and his voice rumbled. “Great Thunder, that human brat captured a universe master of your race, and he has now spread the news that he’s going to wait for you in Whirling Swamp Ocean for ten years! Ten years is already enough for any supreme masters to get to Whirling Swamp Ocean from anywhere in Universe Ocean. Besides, if you don’t go, you’ll be the laughing stock of all the powers in Universe Ocean.”

“Are you going, Great Thunder?” Zhen Jia Emperor asked, eyes gleaming.

The thunder giant sat there and said, “I am!”

“Great Thunder, if you don’t go, you’ll be a joke,” said Dragon Rock Ancestral God. However, the issue we’re dealing with is of the utmost importance.”

Zhen Jia Emperor added, “That’s right. If another universe supreme master comes, the two of us alone might not be able to deal with it. Last time, when we were fighting Huge Axe, we almost failed.”

“Humph!” Thunder giant snorted. “Only a couple of decades, and chances are, there won’t be any supreme masters. Besides, that Luo Feng is provoking me. How can I not go? He’s only a universe master, and he’s looking down on universe supreme masters just because of his valuables. He’s being suicidal. If I can have this chance to kill him, it’ll help us transcend incarnation.”

“Kill that brat?”

Both Dragon Rock Ancestral God and Zhen Jia Emperor shook their heads. What a joke. Even a large group of universe supreme masters combined couldn’t hurt Luo Feng.

“Great Thunder… Does Luo Feng know that we had something to do with Huge Axe’s death?” Dragon Rock Ancestral God asked. “Is that why Luo Feng is targeting you?”

“Perhaps Huge Axe told the humans before he died,” said Zhen Jia Emperor. “Then it’s natural that Luo Feng’s targeting you. If so, universe masters of my race will be in danger as well.”

“It doesn’t matter whether Huge Axe told the human race before he died or not. How does that impact us?” said Great Thunder Star Master coldly. “They don’t even have a supreme master. What can they do to us? Besides, we’re close to our true death, and we’re from the first universe era. We have to seize this one last chance.”

Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God both agreed.

“I’m going to deal with that Luo Feng. I’ll come back soon.” Great Thunder Star Master took a true treasure palace and flew away like a streak of light.

Zhen Jia Master and Dragon Rock Ancestral God exchanged a glance, then gave an order to the universe masters of their races.

Zhen Jia Emperor immediately gave an order using the godly power avatar in his small universe, and so did Dragon Rock Ancestral God.

“Those in Universe Boat, leave Universe Boat as soon as possible.”

“If you can’t leave Universe Boat, hide in some secret places in Universe Boat. Try everything to avoid Luo Feng.”

Time passed.

Star Tower stood at the center of Whirling Swamp Ocean on the reef, yet there were already 13 universe masters already. Apparently, some pinnacle true treasures would soon be born in Whirling Swamp Ocean. Many great beings knew about this.

Luo Feng didn’t kill beings recklessly, and with the temptation of valuables, two more universe masters had come here.

Purple Moon Holy Land.

“Pei Xing, you’ve already reached level five!” said a universe master from Purple Moon Holy Land with three faces and eight arms. “You can leave the holy land. Congratulations.”

“You can finally go to Universe Ocean,” said a male being with four faces and 16 arms. All his four faces looked exhilarated. “I’ve heard so much about Universe Ocean, yet I couldn’t go before. Fantastic, fantastic.”

Sou!

With great excitement, he started to fly out like a streak of light. He sometimes teleported, sometimes flew at a fast speed. Before long, he had flown out of Purple Moon Holy Land.

“Universe Ocean!” He looked at the endless chaos airflow and looked back at the giant holy land. The four-faced, 16-armed being was exhilarated. “I’ve been in the holy universe for 18 universe eras, and finally, I enter Universe Ocean. This is Universe Ocean! And there are three Lands of Extremis!”

This new universe master, “Pei Xing Master,” was excited.

“During the fight for the Duan Dong River inheritance, Deer Bug Master and the others died, so I had a chance to become a universe master.”

Pei Xing Master was exhilarated. A holy land could only withstand a limited number of universe master, rendering him and the others at the universe-knight level; they couldn’t make a breakthrough.

But during the fight for the Duan Dong River inheritance, Deer Bug Master and a group of other universe masters died. That meant the “universe-masters-to-be” finally had a chance. And based on their power, Purple Moon Ancestor had allowed some of them to become universe masters.

“Finally, I can enter Universe Ocean.” Pei Xing Master opened his black wings, and a suit of black armor covered his body as he gazed out at the endless space. “I, Pei Xing Master, will become something!”

Pei Xing Master was ambitious

Chapter 1321

Inside the inner area of Tilted Peak Sector, the fire was burning.

“Listen, I’m Pei Xing Master from Purple Moon Holy Land! You should be proud that I picked you as my competitor for my first trial.”

The four-faced, 16-armed Pei Xing Master opened his black wings wide. His 16 arms held eight long shuttles, each one held by two hands. The arm at the top and the arm at the bottom were holding a shuttle, respectively. The six left arms held three, while the six right arms held another three. The black wings on his back were outspread. His four faces looked in four different directions

“Pei Xing Master? I’ve never heard the name!” The rock giant was holding a rock hammer and roaring. “How dare you, a new universe master from Purple Moon Holy Land, challenge me, Eight Ruin Master!”

Pei Xing Master had his wing open in endless fire, and he looked relieved. “A pathetic guy facing death. Even if you’re at top-tier level five, there’s nothing for me to be scared of.”

Eight Ruin Master was enraged by Pei Xing Master’s words. He was already mad with facing the pressure of true death. How could he not be infuriated upon hearing this?

“You brat! I’ll show you my power!” the rock giant roared.

Hong!

Dazzling light emanated from him. Yellow light was suddenly everywhere, covering an area of several square light years. The powerful domain started to bind Pei Xing Master, and the rock giant said fiercely, “Now, you don’t even have a chance to run away! This must be your first time in Universe Ocean. I’ll make it your last!”

“Kill!” Eight Ruin Master dashed toward him.

Eight Ruin Master was indeed belligerent. The power gap between them was not large, yet it was still possible that one would be killed by the other as long as one could trap the other. They could keep fighting each other for millions of years or even hundreds of millions of years, forcing each other to burn their godly power. The size of their godly bodies, the power of their attacks, and their defense all determined who could survive. Clearly, only one of them could survive!

In fact, many universe masters from the first universe era would go mad, so few universe masters were willing to meddle with them.

“You want to kill me?” Pei Xing Master smirked. “If I want to go, I can go at any time. Do you really think you can stop me?”

“Freeze!”

Hua!

All of a sudden, light pillars shot out of the black wings. The five pillars—gold, cyan, aqua blue, tan, and red—traveled parallel to each other like a rainbow. They slashed the sky and wound around Eight Ruin Master.

“Break!” Eight Ruin Master tried to break away, but the five-colored rainbow was winding around him. He couldn’t break free.

“Do you really think you can break away?” Pei Xing Master said recklessly. “I’ve been in the holy land for 18 universe eras, and I’ve been studying golden law, wood law, fire law, water law, and earth law. I created a supreme technique using these five basic laws, and I’m performing it with my valuable. Do you really think you can break away from it?”

Pei Xing Master was satisfied. When he had first gotten the wings, the laws of five colors entwined with each other but only reached the power of a top-tier domain true treasure. However, he found out that the way the five laws entwined with each other was mysterious, so he started to study them carefully, as one’s life was limitless in Purple Moon Holy Land. He fully comprehended all the five basic laws and spent more than 12 universe eras comprehending them. He had created a binding supreme technique with his valuable. Even though his other attacks were only at level four, with that technique, he had power at the equivalent of level five.

“Just more binding power!” Eight Ruin Master roared. “It only slows me down, but it doesn’t affect my fighting power. Come, brat.”

“Haha…” Pei Xing Master guffawed and dashed forward.

It was the first time that Pei Xing Master had entered Tilted Peak Sector—one of the three Lands of Extremis—so he was excited and aggressive. Once his binding technique was performed, it could rival a pinnacle domain true treasure, and he had his wings, so he could fight and flee whenever he wanted. Only a domain supreme true treasure could suppress him.

In the Hong Alliance palace of Hong Alliance City, the Primal Universe.

Three universe knights organized information in a palace.

“This is the latest news.”

“Three new universe masters appeared in Universe Ocean, and all of them are from the two holy lands! It seems many universe-masters-to-be have become universe masters and started to enter Universe Ocean since the last time a group of universe masters died during the fight for the Duan Dong River inheritance.”

“It’s very important!”

“The universe masters from our alliance might meet those new universe masters. They don’t have the information about these new universe masters, so they might suffer losses. We need to send the information to Primal Chaos City Leader.”

These three universe knights were responsible for organizing information in the Hong Alliance.

Information management wouldn’t fall on universe masters! That was why three universe knights had been chosen to manage these. All of them had multiple bodies, and they were responsible for gathering and filtering the information. They would eventually send it to Primal Chaos City Leader, who would process it in the end.

After a while…

“New universe masters again? One at level four and two at level five? The two holy lands indeed have a large group of universe-masters-to-be waiting. Those dead universe masters from the Duan Dong River inheritance last time didn’t affect the two holy lands at all.”

“Spread the word.”

Primal Chaos City Leader then sent the information to every universe master in the Hong Alliance through the virtual universe.

Such information was classified to ordinary beings, but universe masters had to know about it. Every time there were new universe masters, information about their power, fighting style, true treasures, and techniques was recorded and sent to universe masters at their side.

The more they knew about their adversary, the longer they could live.

Hong!

A thunder giant flashed in the outer area of Tilted Peak Sector.

“Finally, I’m out of Tilted Peak Sector!” The thunder giant, Great Thunder Star Master, looked at the chaos airflow. “Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng?”

Great Thunder Star Master was furious. He had to show up after being provoked by a universe master.

Hong!

Great Thunder Star Master raced toward Universe Boat at top speed.

On a reef of Whirling Swamp Ocean in the inner area of Universe Boat.

Hong! Long! Long!

The waves were getting stronger. The space was torn again and again. The wind was terrifying, yet it was relatively weaker on the reef. Universe masters stood everywhere. All 13 were waiting there, staring into the distance, still waiting for the pinnacle true treasures to be born. Sometimes, they would take a look at Star Tower at the center of the reef.

“Star Tower, a supreme true treasure!” said a skeleton life form in a flying animal shape, gazing at Star Tower. “When can I have a supreme true treasure palace?”

“Milky Way Horde Leader has only practiced for tens of eras. He’s already this powerful and has got several supreme true treasures. Why can’t I get one?”

The universe masters were both scared and jealous of Luo Feng, as they all craved supreme true treasures. Then they could roam Universe Ocean without fear.

Inside Star Tower, Luo Feng—who had been practicing—finally opened his eyes and looked to the outside.

“That pinnacle true treasure is still not born? There are 13 universe masters already. Wow…” Luo Feng looked down. “12 from the three universe eras and one is from Purple Moon Holy Land? That Purple Moon Ancestor created major trouble, yet this guy from the Purple Moon Holy Land still dares to show up in front of me?”

Luo Feng’s eyes glinted coldly.

Hua!

Luo Feng disappeared from the palace.

Suddenly, a being walked out of the side gate of Star Tower, which was standing at the center of the giant reef at the center of Whirling Swamp Ocean. It was a concern to all the universe masters present.

“It’s Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“Why is Milky Way Horde Leader out here?”

All of them were nervous.

Luo Feng glanced around and smiled. “Don’t worry, guys. If there’s no grudge between us, I won’t attack you.” And then, Luo Feng started to stare at one universe master. It was the only universe master from Purple Moon Holy Land: Purple Pu Master.

“Purple Pu Master,” said Luo Feng.

“Milky Way Horde Leader.” Purple Pu Master was relaxed; he had pride as a great being from the holy land.

“How dare you appear in front of me?” Luo Feng chuckled.

Purple Pu Master said coldly, “Why wouldn’t I? This is Universe Boat, not human territory. Even if it was human territory, I would go there if the original universe permitted it. Milky Way Horde Leader, do you want to attack me? You’ll make yourself an enemy of Purple Moon Holy Land!”

“Interesting.” Luo Feng sneered. “Go in and provide company to Thunder Shuttle Master.”

Hong!

Star Tower suddenly started to float, and it inclined. An abyss appeared at the base of Star Tower, and it started to swallow Purple Pu Master.

“You dare to seal me?” Purple Pu Master tried to resist it, yet he was still flying toward the base of Star Tower, losing control. He roared, “Luo Feng, I have multiple bodies! Even if you seal me, all I’ll lose is one body—Purple Moon Holy Land won’t let it go easily!”

“Purple Moon Holy Land?” Luo Feng sneered. “We’re already enemies, so stop threatening me. I’ll capture every universe master from Purple Moon Holy Land I see!”

Sou!

Purple Pu Master was captured already.

All 12 universe masters were terrified by what they had just witnessed. Luo Feng was indeed crazy, but they were not surprised. After all, Purple Moon Holy Land had already spread the inheritance of how to become universe supreme masters from universe masters to all the powers in the united forces alliance. The news of this was already widely known.

Purple Moon Holy Land clearly wanted the human team annihilated! They were already enemies. The human team had more than 400 universe masters, yet Purple Moon Holy Land had fewer than 400.

Hostilities in the original universe are quite strong, thought Luo Feng. Almost all the universe masters are in the original universe. I need to seize this opportunity to punish Purple Moon Holy Land! Even now, those universe supreme masters from Purple Moon Holy Land can only wield power at level eight max, as they don’t have miniature universes. My Star Tower can also wield power at level eight, and once I perform Duan Mie, it’ll reach level nine! Although it’s not at top-tier level nine, I don’t need to worry about Purple Moon Holy Land

Chapter 1322

In the middle of Whirling Swamp Ocean, the 12 universe masters on the huge reef all trembled with terror as they watched the scene before them. They were all aware of the enmity between the humans and Purple Moon Holy Land, but seeing how fierce and vicious Luo Feng could be still made them shiver with fear.

“Dear all.” Luo Feng’s gaze swept across the crowd. Then he smiled and reassured them, “If there is no bad blood between us, I will not attack you. You can put your minds at ease.”

With that, he flew towards Star Tower and right through the side door.

The universe masters on the reef looked at one another. Then, quietly, they started to discuss. Apparently, they were starting to worry. After all, Luo Feng had previously captured Thunder Shuttle Master, and now, he had captured Purple Pu Master. Could Luo Feng be scheming something as part of a plan, or did he merely want to capture them one after the other?

“It can’t be.”

“Even if we put up resistance, with his treasure that has impactful willpower, we are still unable to escape from Luo Feng. Earlier, Milky Way Horde Leader came over just to capture Thunder Shuttle Master. As for Purple Pu Master—who merely just arrived—Luo Feng came here again to catch him. The 11 of us universe masters who had been here all this while were spared from any attacks.”

“That’s right.”

These universe masters discussed these things quietly and soon came to an understanding. If Luo Feng wanted to kill or capture them all, he would have made his move way back then. There was no need for him to delay. Plus, his actions would implicate his race, so he would not be so rash as to go around making enemies.

Inside Star Tower, Luo Feng looked down at the world outside. With a smile, he shouted, “Purple Pu Master!” His voice was directly transmitted to one of the sealed spaces inside Star Tower.

“Humph!” In a lonely, dimly lit space, Purple Pu Master sat cross-legged on a desolate land of soil.

“Don’t worry. I will not kill you so easily.” Luo Feng’s voice resonated through the space. “Actually, I had no intentions of being enemies with Purple Moon Holy Land, but you all from Purple Moon Holy Land have never wished well of us humans… and always try to make things difficult for us. We had not taken things to heart regarding the previous war, but after the war, Purple Moon Holy Land actually handed the inheritance over to every group of power within the united forces alliance. It is so obvious that you intend to use the united forces alliance to oppress us so that the rise of us humans will be substantially slower.”

The entire human race was very angry with Purple Moon Holy Land. If Purple Moon Holy Land had not circulated the inheritance, then with the passage of time, the human race would be able to gain power and strength consistently. With this continuity, the humans would naturally be able to join the territories of the other pinnacle races. Then, with the expansion of territories, the humans would have seen more and more generations of geniuses rising from the race. All of these would naturally form a virtuous cycle that could have brought about a period of growth, and the human race would have risen even faster than before.

But now, with the united forces alliance gaining the inheritance too— even though their version did not match up to the same level as the humans—the information was, no doubt, still detailed and rich enough. This meant that, should the humans seek to expand their territory, they could only do so under extreme difficulty. If they were unable to expand their territory, then the number of human universe masters and universe supreme masters was destined to be only a handful.

Without the intervention by Purple Moon Holy Land, before this reincarnation era came to an end, the number of human universe masters and universe supreme masters would have already exceeded the two holy lands put together! And because Purple Moon Holy Land had intervened, when this reincarnation era ended, the number of human universe masters and universe supreme masters would not even amount to half the number of Purple Moon Holy Land! How could the humans not to feel anger and hatred?

Purple Pu Master, who was entrenched in the lonely space, finally spoke up. “Ancestor’s orders convey his judgment,” he said with a cold smile. “Who are you to think you can force something upon us? Humph! In your dreams!”

“Let’s wait and see,” Luo Feng said indifferently.

On the same day, within Purple Moon Holy Land universe.

“Ancestor, I have done what you asked of me,” said Purple Pu Master. “Upon reaching the reef within Whirling Swamp Ocean… it was truly just as Ancestor had anticipated. Luo Feng attacked me.”

He knelt respectfully as he reported to the figure suspended in the air before him. The figure, which was faintly radiating purple light, was none other Purple Moon Ancestor.

Purple Moon Ancestor said slowly, “He already made his move?”

“Now, he is keeping my other body under captive, but he has yet to annihilate my other body,” Purple Pu Master continued to report.

His admiration for Purple Moon Ancestor was growing with every moment. There was enmity between Purple Moon Holy Land and the human camp, so the moment Purple Moon Holy Land learned about Luo Feng entering Universe Boat, based on Luo Feng’s course of action, they had guessed where he was heading.

Given the direction he was heading, all the universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land would steer clear of the surrounding regions so as not to cross paths with him.

Luo Feng had specifically gone down to Whirling Swamp Ocean this time around just to wait for Great Thunder Star Master, yet Purple Moon Ancestor suddenly gave the order to Purple Pu Master—who was nearest to Whirling Swamp Ocean—to go feel Luo Feng out. And in response to this move by Purple Moon Ancestor, Luo Feng had gone straight for the catch and had captured Purple Pu Master.

“He just cannot keep his cool.” Purple Moon Ancestor shook his head. “After getting hold of that inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, he has achieved his breakthrough to become a true god. Piece of cake. The moment he becomes a true god, adding onto the technique he received from the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, he will become even more powerful than Teacher Origin!”

Purple Pu Master, who was kneeling down by Purple Moon Ancestor’s side, was astounded.

What? More powerful than Teacher Origin of the human race?

Based on Purple Moon Ancestor’s speculation, under normal circumstances, he must have been right in assuming that, according to the path of laws, Luo Feng’s current ability was creating a secret technique at the level of a universe supreme master. When combined with the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River—and after spending some time in the space of cultivation—he was indeed able to achieve a breakthrough within a shorter period of time to become a true god!

The moment he became a true god, his strength would increase by leaps and bounds. Then becoming more powerful than Teacher Origin would simply be a matter of course. By then, he could sweep away all universe supreme masters in his way!

But Luo Feng had chosen the path of godly power. He pursued something that had the highest difficulty level—something that exceeded 90,000 times life gene level—and so, he was fated to take a much longer time than Purple Moon Ancestor had speculated.

“You want to fight me?” Purple Moon Ancestor sneered. “Pass on my orders. From this moment on, all universe masters of my Purple Moon Holy Land shall avoid Luo Feng at all costs! The humans might execute some vicious moves. Even if all of you were to retreat back into the holy land universe or into seclusion in one of the reincarnation eras of the holy land universe, these are small matters not worth fretting over.”

Purple Pu Master was kneeling before him.

“At the same time, we have to make it known to all groups of top powers within the entire Universe Ocean,” Purple Moon Ancestor said in his cold voice. “Since Luo Feng was the one who initiated the provocation on my holy land, then from this moment on, we from the Purple Moon Holy Land will kill every single human universe master from the primal universe who sets foot in Universe Ocean.”

“Yes,” Purple Pu Master replied obediently.

“Go,” Purple Moon Ancestor ordered.

Purple Pu Master left in a reverential manner without further ado.

Purple Moon Ancestor stood within the void space and sneered. “Luo Feng? When all those universe masters of your human race learn about how you are provoking me, causing me to issue such a killing order, I’m afraid they will be most dissatisfied with you. You want to fight me? That old fellow, East Emperor, is no threat at all. You… are fated to be my one true opponent.”

Purple Moon Ancestor continued speaking to himself in that cold manner. “We shall see who has the last laugh.”

In one of the individual plane surfaces in a space within the virtual universe.

Luo Feng’s consciousness was perpetually connected to the virtual universe. Just a while ago, he had been filled with excitement. Now, shortly after, his excited expression had been replaced by a grimace.

He had been excited because of a piece of information. His grimace was because of another piece of information.

The first piece was related to detailed information on the newly promoted universe master. The second piece was the news the Purple Moon Holy Land had made public.

From the information on the newly promoted universe master, Luo Feng saw information about Pei Xing Master, and his interest was especially fixated on the part about Pei Xing Master’s four black wings. Those four black wings could place a stranglehold over the power of the laws of the five elements, namely gold, wood, water, fire, and earth. It was unique. It was like Golden Country, which was produced by his silver wings and was also very unique. Besides, such wing type true treasures were rare in the first place.

“Shi Wu Wings has a total of six pairs of wings. Currently, I have three pairs, so I am still short of three pairs… These two pairs of black wings may be just what I need.”

Luo Feng had been growing excited and eager when the second piece of news ruined his mood.

Purple Moon Holy Land! Just after he captured Purple Pu Master, the news was made public that there was a killing order issued. Every human universe master that set food in Universe Ocean would be killed.

Primal Chaos City Leader’s voice resonated in Luo Feng’s ears. “Luo Feng, come here right away.”

At the peak of Thunder Island, in the garden behind Primal Chaos City Leader’s palace, numerous thrones were scattered about. Without differentiating between high or low statuses, the figures were appearing successively to sit on these thrones. Luo Feng, too, appeared and sat down.

“Dear all.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked around and laughed heartily. “Everyone is here, so let’s talk about the latest news. That Purple Moon Holy Land… has issued a killing order against our human race, saying that they will kill any human that sets foot in Universe Ocean. Actually, I am quite doubtful. Wherever did Purple Moon Holy Land find the guts to do such a thing? They only have two universe supreme masters and a bunch of universe masters. Those two universe supreme masters have yet to create their own miniature universes. And in terms of the number of universe masters, they are not even comparable to our Hong Alliance, yet they dare to challenge us? After that, I took a closer look. Oh… They are doing it on purpose. It’s their way of pinpointing us, the humans, and ostracizing the other vassal races of the Hong Alliance.

“What a joke! The Hong Alliance is an alliance in its entirety. They want to fight us? How are they able to ostracize us?” Primal Chaos City Leader jested, “I can only conclude that Purple Moon Holy Land is scared! They do not dare to fight us, the whole Hong Alliance! So, to protect their dignity, they say such things!”

Darkness Master, who was standing off to the side, added in a low voice, “That’s right. We humans are not scared. After some time, when our race has a few more supreme masters at the top-tier combat level, we will gain the absolute advantage.”

Luo Feng merely listened, but deep down, he was full of gratitude. Teacher had called for this gathering but had not allowed the others to voice their opinions. Instead, he had said this right away, obviously to steer the crowd in the direction of a common hatred for their enemy.

If he had let them all voice their opinions freely, some might have said that Luo Feng was too impulsive and had thus made enemies for the humans instead. If this happened, there would be internal conflicts within the human race, which was something Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness Master, Luo Feng, and the few others were unwilling to see.

“It is my fault for not telling everyone about this beforehand,” Luo Feng said in a low voice. “But I don’t regret it. It’s only Purple Moon Holy Land, and Purple Moon Ancestor is not even able to leave his miniature universe. As for their supreme masters, they don’t even have miniature universes! What is there to fear? Those from Purple Moon Holy Land have always acted in the dark. The humans shouldn’t give them face! And I also think that because of Purple Moon Holy Land playing tricks behind our backs—now within the primal universe—the two camps are still in a tense situation.”

“Especially the united forces alliance. With the inheritance, they are not fearful of us at all,” Luo Feng said solemnly. “If this rivalry drags on for too long, without being able to expand our territory, how will the human race continue to rise? This is why we need to go to war!”

Luo Feng continued, “If there isn’t a major war, the discord between the two camps will most likely become long-term. Time and again, these conflicts and crossfires would naturally help to hone the abilities of our universe knights and universe masters. In life-and-death battles, and with that inheritance of the ancient civilization, the great beings of our race will continue to emerge. Following this increase of great beings—especially when we have a few more universe supreme masters—we will be able to exterminate the two universe supreme masters of Purple Moon Holy Land by then! If they remain hidden in Purple Moon Holy Land, so be it. But the moment they step out, they will be exterminated right away.”

“Without those two universe supreme masters,” Luo Feng said with confidence, “Purple Moon Holy Land will no longer be a threat to our human race.”

The humans had the guidance of their own inheritance. Even if the other universe supreme masters were not as extreme, they had great hopes of being able to achieve the ultimate limit of a supreme master, which was the level Teacher Origin had attained.

“True,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “For a longer period of time, our race should focus on the primal universe. Even if the honing of skills is via life-and-death battles, these must still be within the primal universe. The conflicts between the two camps will go on for an extremely long time.” He nodded. “Yet this so-called ‘killing order’ is not a threat to us at all. Now, let Luo Feng teach that Purple Moon Holy Land a good lesson, and when our race gets stronger in the future, we will become the third holy land and become even more powerful than Purple Moon Holy Land and East Emperor Holy Land!”

Chapter 1323 - Happy

Surprise

Contrary to what Luo Feng thought, none of the human universe masters were afraid. All of them were ambitious and aggressive, and they didn’t give a damn about the killing order of Purple Moon Holy Land. First of all, the inheritance from the ancient civilization made the humans more confident. Also, they had just defeated the entire united forces alliance, so Purple Moon Holy Land was nothing to them. Besides, the main battlefield would be in the original universe in the future, and few would go to Universe Ocean. Even though Darkness Master and Primal Chaos City Leader went there sometimes, they only sent their bodies.

For what it was worth, Purple Moon Holy Land could only make threats in Universe Ocean. They were not a real threat! Even if there was trouble, it would be a learning experience for the humans.

The meeting among seniors was quickly finished, and the beings disappeared from the thrones. Primal Chaos City Leader and Luo Feng were the only two left.

Primal Chaos City Leader glanced at Luo Feng with a smile. “Are you still worried?”

“Not anymore.” Luo Feng shook his head and smiled.

“You shouldn’t have been,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “You made a huge contribution during the fight between us and the united forces alliance. All the universe masters respect you wholeheartedly! You’ve helped our race a lot, and you’re influential. You are certainly a leader. As long as you don’t do stupid things—like making enemies everywhere—the race will stand by your side no matter what. After all, everyone makes enemies in Universe Ocean. Beings will try to kill you even if you mean them no harm. It’s okay to make enemies.”

Luo Feng nodded. It was true. The Thunderstorm Star race was very weak, so he didn’t need to worry about it. Purple Moon Holy Land was powerful, yet the humans could also withstand them. Of course, if Luo Feng made enemies everywhere and led all the powers to attack humans, the humans would be upset. No matter how confident a race was, it didn’t dare to make itself an enemy to all powers. If the humans lost the battle against the united forces and retreated back to the primal universe, the other races might hit them while they were down; all the powers in both the original universe and Universe Ocean would unite and suppress them. That would be a most miserable situation. Fortunately, that hadn’t happened.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng recalled the information he had acquired before and asked, “Is there a universe master called ‘Pei Xing Master’ among those new universe masters?”

“Yes.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng.

“His wing true treasure…” Luo Feng frowned. “Can we have some more detailed information about him?”

“Wing true treasure?” Primal Chaos City Leader glanced at Luo Feng and looked pleased. “Is his wing somehow connected to your silver wing?” He only gave Luo Feng one pair of Shi Wu Wings, and Luo Feng had found another pair. After absorbing lots of blade energies, it was only under a supreme true treasure now.

Luo Feng nodded. “It’s only an assumption.”

“Okay, I’ll help you check now.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “There are around 400 universe masters in the Hong Alliance now, and the intelligence network is enormous. It should be easy to find. I’ll tell you immediately after I get the information.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded.

Every universe master had a group of friends who would send messages to each other. There were around 400 universe masters in the Hong Alliance, and everyone had many friends—even friends in Universe Ocean. It was definitely a giant intelligence network. The larger the network, the more detailed the information would be.

After the killing order from Purple Moon Holy Land spread, all the powers in Universe Ocean sighed.

“Luo Feng is crazy. Does he really think he can fight Purple Moon Holy Land? It’s a holy land! No matter how mad the fight is, and even if a group of universe masters die, they can recover after a few universe eras! Even if they’re defeated by the humans, they can hide in Purple Moon Holy Land for a universe era or two.”

“That’s right. The humans need to seize the time to breed more universe supreme masters. For the great beings from Purple Moon Holy Land, they can just return to Purple Moon Holy Land, but the humans can’t do the same thing.”

All the powers sighed. They all thought the humans were bringing trouble on themselves by fighting a holy land.

Tilted Peak Sector.

There was a three-level tower, and each level was dodecagon. The strange tower kept going inside Tilted Peak Sector.

“An order from the ancestor?” Pei Xing Master looked to the outside of Tilted Peak Sector and whispered, “Ancestor thinks too highly of that Luo Feng. He’s only one man, yet we all need to avoid him? Especially those who venture into Universe Boat? Fortunately, I’m in Tilted Peak Sector, so I don’t need to care about him… Luo Feng? Just wait and see. I’ve been staying in the holy land and have never come out. Now that I’m in Universe Ocean, I might have such luck in the future, and I can surpass Luo Feng.”

Of course Pei Xing Master was jealous of Luo Feng. After all, he had never been in Universe Ocean before. How could he not be jealous? He had never had the chance.

“I must look for the opportunity carefully.” Pei Xing Master kept searching in the inner area of Tilted Peak Sector.

The strategy of Purple Moon Holy Land against the humans was to avoid Luo Feng, who was a terrifying handful. They only targeted other human universe masters. Now that Luo Feng was in Universe Boat, the universe masters around him all avoided him, even if they had something important to do.

The great beings from Purple Moon Holy Land in Universe Ocean were all intimidated, whereas those in Tilted Peak Sector and Flowing Level Mountain were just as relaxed as before.

Only half a month after the senior meeting in the human race, Primal Chaos City Leader summoned Luo Feng and notified him that there was some new information.

“Teacher,” Luo Feng said. He had high expectations.

“A universe master within the Hong Alliance has many friends, and he’s friends with two universe masters from Eastern Emperor Holy Land,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “After talking with him, we know that the true treasure wing Pei Xing Master has appeared in the original universe more than ten universe eras ago. It was used by a universe master from other universe eras. However, he was killed by a great being from Purple Moon Holy Land, and the wing true treasure was seized. It didn’t show up in Universe Ocean until recently.”

Now, Luo Feng understood. More than ten universe eras ago… No wonder there wasn’t any detailed information about it from the other three universe eras. Only the two holy lands would know more about such ancient information.

“That true treasure wing was called ‘Five-Color Cloud Wing’ before,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “It’s one of the best top-tier true treasure spiritual weapons. Firstly, it can change directions and accelerate its speed very fast. Secondly, it has binding power. The binding power performed before can’t compare to that which Pei Xing Master performed. Apparently, Pei Xing Master performed a supreme technique using Five-Color Cloud Wing.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. One of the best top-tier true treasure spiritual weapons? That sounded familiar.

His Shi Wu Wing was one of the best top-tier true treasure spiritual weapons before the origin was recovered, and after it was recovered, it was one of the best pinnacle true treasures, second only to supreme true treasures. And it helped with flying?

“Another piece of information” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled and added, “Five-Color Cloud Wing stood for silver four wings during that universe era.”

Luo Feng was shocked. It was easy to change the color of a true treasure. However, the Five-Color Cloud Wing had been silver during that universe era, so silver might have been its natural color.

“That’s the information,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “You can decide what you want to do about it.”

Luo Feng smirked. “I’ll seize the chance, certainly.”

On a reef at the center of Whirling Swamp Ocean in the inner area of Universe Ocean.

Nobody in Universe Ocean knew that Luo Feng was in Whirling Swamp Ocean. As for Great Thunder Star Master? Even if everyone knew about their feud, nobody dared to meddle. Everyone knew that Luo Feng was incredibly powerful, so if someone actually messed with him, he would treat them as he treated those from Purple Moon Holy Land.

Luo Feng didn’t kill and made enemies recklessly. If someone messed with him and brought trouble upon themselves, no powers in Universe Ocean would interfere.

“Great beings find that Great Thunder Star Master has appeared in Universe Boat.”

“He was spotted twice, and he’s racing here. He’ll arrive very soon.”

“It’s going to be incredible. The furious Great Thunder Star Master and Milky Way Horde Leader, who has the inheritance from Duan Dong River. What’s the fighting going to be like?”

15 universe masters had already gathered on the reef, including a level-six universe master from the Eastern Emperor Holy Land.

Inside Star Tower, Luo Feng was looking down. He could hear those who were talking outside.

“Great Thunder Star Master,” Luo Feng whispered.

He had already learned about the traces of Great Thunder Star Master from the Hong Alliance’s intelligence network. He reckoned that it would take Great Thunder Star Master around a month to arrive here.

Great Thunder Star Master, I’ll use you to test the two techniques of my Star Tower, Luo Feng thought.

Blood Shadow Blade was at top-tier level seven, and with Duan Mie, it was at top-tier level eight.

Star Tower was even more incredible. The fifth level of engravings on Star Tower was at level eight, and with Duan Mie, it was at level nine! Even the most powerful universe supreme masters in Universe Ocean could only wield power at top-tier level nine. Most of them were at level eight, while some of them were at level seven.

With Duan Mie, Blood Shadow Blade, and Star Tower, Luo Feng could stand among the top universe supreme masters. Only a few could surpass him. Of course, one of his weaknesses was that he couldn’t break the rules! No matter how powerful a universe master was, he still had to follow certain rules, like the speed limit… This was Luo Feng’s weakness.

Even though Luo Feng was absolutely confident, other powers in Universe Ocean still found it foolish that he dared to provoke Great Thunder Star Master. Besides, humans still needed to deal with the more powerful Purple Moon Holy Land and those from the original universe. They all thought that Luo Feng was too crazy.

“Huh?”

Luo Feng frowned in Star Tower as an important email was sent to him through the virtual universe. Luo Feng clicked on the email.

Suddenly, he stood up and looked exhilarated. “Teacher…! He became a universe supreme master?”

Chapter 1324 - Waiting to

Capture

“Teacher finally make the breakthrough!”

Luo Feng was excited. When he shared the inheritance from the ancient civilization, Primal Chaos City Leader was already about to make the breakthrough. With the detailed guide of inheritance and the pressure from the war, the humans all wished for Primal Chaos City Leader to make the breakthrough before the final war. However, he hadn’t made the breakthrough even after the war ended. Fortunately, Luo Feng had become a universe master and had saved the war by using his endless Remote Ocean.

“Teacher craved to make a breakthrough before the war, yet he couldn’t. After the war, he did.”

Luo Feng in the virtual universe immediately took off for where his teacher lived.

At the top of Thunder Island in the virtual universe, there was hustle and bustle. Once Luo Feng arrived, he heard all the voices— vigorous, squeaky, and hoarse…

“Wow!” Luo Feng took a look and couldn’t help being surprised. “So many are here, even from other races.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader?” said a universe master from another race with dozens of antennae. “Come, Milky Way Horde Leader. Your teacher made a breakthrough, and you, as his disciple, need to give him some great presents to congratulate him.”

Many beings from other races walked toward Luo Feng. It was a big deal when someone became a universe supreme master! In the original universe, a race would be automatically classified as a pinnacle race once there was a universe supreme master within the race. Teacher Origin had been eternally suppressed, and Huge Axe had died. There hadn’t been a universe supreme master in the human race for a long time, which worried those in the Hong Alliance. Now that Primal Chaos City Leader had finally become one, all the universe masters felt that there was now a leader!

“Luo Feng, Luo Feng.” Primal Chaos City Leader, who was surrounded by many beings, waved at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng smiled and walked forward. “Teacher.”

“I was under lots of pressure and could relax even a bit before that war, and I wanted to make a breakthrough before the war. However, I didn’t…” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head and smiled. “I didn’t expect to make the breakthrough after relaxing.”

Luo Feng said, “Teacher, you’ve prepared for a long time, so it’s not surprising.”

He looked around, seeing how hectic the surroundings were. Luo Feng understood that the situation was very tense in the original universe, so Primal Chaos City Leader told all the universe masters in the Hong Alliance once he had made his breakthrough. Everyone was celebrating, enhancing the unity within the Hong Alliance.

The celebration lasted for more than half a day, after which the other races left one by one. Only human universe masters remained.

“Luo Feng, why did you transmit the information to us secretly and tell us to stay? What happened?” Ice Mountain Master asked.

Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness Master, Long Yan Master, and the others all looked at Luo Feng. During the party, Luo Feng had indeed secretly sent a message to human universe masters.

Luo Feng looked around. “There will be a fight between me and Great Thunder Star Tower.”

Everyone suddenly became silent. Although the humans were confident in Luo Feng, a fight with Great Thunder Star Master was not a trifling matter.

“Luo Feng, Great Thunder Star Master is not easy to deal with,” said Peng Gong Master. “Huge Axe died because of him, so we do need to avenge him. However, we don’t need to rush it.”

“There’s a 30 percent chance I can kill Great Thunder Star Master,” said Luo Feng.

“Kill him?”

Everyone, including Primal Chaos City Leader, was shocked to their very core.

Kill a universe supreme master? Even other universe supreme masters didn’t dare to claim something like that, yet Luo Feng said it —and as only a universe master?

They had, however, seen Luo Feng’s plan before. They had witnessed how Luo Feng’s endless godly power ocean could resist the soul attack from both the united forces alliance and the Freedom Alliance, so they at least had some confidence in him.

“30 percent?” Primal Chaos City Leader said.

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded. “But he’s a universe supreme master, after all. I myself am not powerful enough to kill him, so I need the surroundings in the three Lands of Extremis, which is why I said only 30 percent! If he’s arrogant, he might be hit.”

Hua!

The human universe masters—including Void Gold Master, Remote Lord Master, and Qing Dong Master—were all astonished and excited at the same time. They found it too good to be true, yet they also knew that Luo Feng had both Boat of Mausoleum and the inheritance from Duan Dong River. With some special skills, he might actually be able to do it.

“If I succeed, I can get ‘Great Thunder Godly Armor’ from Great Thunder Star Master!” yelled Remote Lord Master.

Great Thunder Godly Armor was a supreme true treasure that belonged to Great Thunder Star Master.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng smiled. “I tell everyone to stay because I can actually succeed. With any luck, all the great beings from Thunderstorm Star race will die instantly after Great Thunder Star Master is dead, and his small universe will dissipate. Lots of true treasures will appear…”

Everyone understood now.

Universe masters and those under them couldn’t control their own destiny. If they lived in the original universe, their life origin was the original universe. As for those life forms from the first and the second universe era, their lives were bound to miniature universes! Once a miniature universe crumbled, all the lives bound to it would die. Of course, if a miniature universe became a holy land, the undying fighters, universe knights, and universe masters in it could live forever.

“Everyone in the race will die, and there will be countless valuables. We do need to pay attention.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded and looked to Darkness Master. “Little brother, you’ll go yourself. If Luo Feng succeeds, and the miniature universe starts to crumble, you can get all the valuables.”

“Okay.” Darkness Master nodded and looked at Luo Feng. “Don’t make me go there for nothing.”

Luo Feng smiled. “I’ll try my best.”

Nobody in Universe Ocean could say for certain that they could kill a universe supreme master. Luo Feng was gambling as well!

Darkness Master secretly left the original universe the same day, and it took him six days to get to the miniature universe of Great Thunder Star Master by natural wormholes, teleportation, and fast flying.

“Miniature universe.”

A giant black pyramid floated in the chaos city, and inside the black pyramid, Darkness Master looked at the miniature universe in the distance.

“That Luo Feng is indeed crazy. He’s trying to kill a universe supreme master. Even if he’s going to use the surroundings in the Land of Extremis, it’s still incredible.”

On a giant reef at the center of Whirling Swamp Ocean in Universe Boat.

“It’s incredible.” Luo Feng stayed in Star Tower and looked down. He could hear the discussion among universe masters. “Normally, only universe supreme masters can kill other universe supreme masters during a fight. I haven’t heard of any universe masters who killed universe supreme masters.”

“I, Luo Feng, already have power at level nine! I’m even top-tier among universe supreme masters. Only my speed can’t exceed the limit. I can totally create a miracle.”

Luo Feng was aggressive. It was possible that he could do it in one-on-one combat. However, if it was one to two or one to three, there wouldn’t be any hope, which was why he only provoked Great Thunder Star Master. If Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestor also came, Luo Feng would definitely leave and spread the word that Great Thunder Star Master was a coward.

Days passed.

Hong! Long! Long!

The whirlpool in Whirling Swamp Ocean grew increasingly terrifying, and the wind was getting stronger and stronger. The wind on the reef was milder, and the 15 universe masters stood there, waiting.

“Great Thunder Star Master will be here in a short while.”

“Yes.”

“Just wait and see. A fight between Great Thunder Star Master and Milky Way Horde Leader! What a show to look forward to.”

None of those universe masters wanted to miss it.

Just as they were chatting, a giant bolt of lightning slashed the sky above the darkness of Whirling Swamp Ocean. It arrived on top of the reef from the space in the distance. The universe masters who were originally relaxed were all excited.

A voice came from the sky. “Human brat! Give me Thunder Shuttle Master!”

The giant bolt of lightning from the sky formed the shape of a towering thunder giant. A giant ball of lightning was spinning on its chest. He gazed down with an icy expression.

“Great Thunder!” said a cold voice.

A silver-caped and silver-winged young man walked out of the side door of Star Tower. He extended his left hand, and Star Tower immediately shrank and fell onto his palm. He sneered and looked up at the thunder giant, who was standing still, “Great Thunder, Thunder Shuttle Master’s life is in my hands, now. How dare you still be so reckless in front of me?”

“Humph!” The thunder giant in the sky looked down and snorted, trying to suppress his fury. “Tell me, what must I do before you will let Thunder Shuttle Master go?”

“Easy,” said Luo Feng. “Kneel and grovel in front of me and beg for my mercy. Then I’ll spare Thunder Shuttle Master.”

The universe masters from the other races were all shocked. Luo Feng was insane!

“Bastard!” the thunder giant roared. “You dare to insult a universe supreme master? You deserve to die!”

Luo Feng looked up at the thunder giant in the sky. “Insult you?” he said. “If I were powerful enough, I would have tortured and killed you 1,000 times!”

Great Thunder Star Master looked down. He immediately understood that the humans knew the three who had been involved in Huge Axe’s death. That was why Luo Feng insulted him like this.

“It seems you’re not going to give me Thunder Shuttle Master,” said Great Thunder Star Master, looking down.

“I didn’t mean to in the first place!” said Luo Feng coldly.

“Thunder Shuttle…” Great Thunder Star Master said in the sky. “I’ll avenge you.”

All the universe masters already hidden in the palace true treasures grew excited after hearing him say this. They all understood that Great Thunder Star Master no longer planned to rescue Thunder Shuttle Master. Instead, he was going to fight Luo Feng.

“Human brat, I’ll show you how stupid it is to challenge a supreme master!” Thunder giant roared.

His right leg, which was 100 million kilometers long, turned into a great bolt of lightning, striking toward the reef. It was so powerful that the space the lightning passed through was shattered into particles.

Chapter 1325 - War Under the

Ocean

“Great Thunder Star Master is really out of his mind.”

“He must have treated us as nonexistent for him to be able to attack all the way here.”

The universe masters who had hidden in their palace true treasures were all scared out of their wits. Quickly, they started to manipulate their palace true treasures and flew off in all directions to avoid him. Even if they were all hiding in their palace true treasures, even in a head-on confrontation, they would still be able to survive the attack and just be merely affected by the waves of the attack.

The humongous lightning bolt was earth-shattering, and it had crashed down toward Luo Feng, who was right in the middle of the reef.

Hong!

Snake-like electrical currents appeared like rolling waves.

“Roar!” Upon being bombarded by the lightning bolt, a gigantic, single-horned lizard standing in the middle of the reef looked up at the sky above. “Great Thunder! If you are truly capable enough, then bring it on!”

With a thrust of his four hooves, the gigantic, single-horned lizard charged straight into the endless Whirling Swamp Ocean at its side. “A body-transforming beast god?” The thunder giant looked down from the sky above and sneered. “Merely the technique of a universe master, and yet you dare to show off before me.”

From the sky high above, the thunder giant charged down at the endless Whirling Swamp Ocean in an instant. After creating a splash of icy-cold water, the thunder giant dove into the ocean.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

Universe masters from the various other races, who had fled far from the scene to hide and watch the war, boarded their palace true treasures and flew back to the reef.

“Milky Way Horde Leader has transformed into a Golden Beast God and fled into Whirling Swamp Ocean. Great Thunder Star Master is in hot pursuit and has charged into the ocean too.”

“It is extremely dangerous within Whirling Swamp Ocean. That Milky Way Horde Leader is simply out of his mind.”

Fifteen universe masters from various races were watching the ongoing war, but no one could clearly see what was happening, they could only rely on the energy ripples detected to judge the situation.

At the ocean bed of Whirling Swamp Ocean.

“Haha…” Great Thunder Star Master was moving at a high speed within the endless ocean water, and he was brimming with confidence. “That human chap! You think you are my match in this Whirling Swamp Ocean? How wrong you are!”

As a universe supreme master, Great Thunder Star Master was not foolish. He was aware that the only threat Luo Feng could use against him was his extremely strong ability to survive. Because Luo Feng had the Boat of Mausoleum, no matter how dangerous the environment was, so long as he hid in it, he could pass through the worst. This was why if they were in extremely dangerous environments like the core ground of Universe Boat, he would never get involved with Luo Feng.

Whirling Swamp Ocean was one of the dangerous lands in the internal region of Universe Boat. But when compared to the core region, there was a vast difference in the level of danger!

“I have a supreme true treasure godly armor on me and possess the godly body of a universe supreme master,” Great Thunder Star Master told himself. “Relying on these, all the other whirlpools in the entire Whirling Swamp Ocean will not be able to harm me. The only threat I face now will be the core of this Whirling Swamp Ocean— the core whirlpool, which is the birthplace of many pinnacle true treasures.”

How vast the Whirling Swamp Ocean was! The only place that could annihilate Great Thunder Star Master was the core whirlpool of this ocean.

“So long as I avoid that place, I will not be in any danger.” Great Thunder Star Master was very confident.

Sou!

The thunder giant moved extremely quickly—so quick that it far exceeded 100 times the limit of light speed. Soon, he caught up with Luo Feng, who had transformed into Golden Beast God. Golden Beast God was trying its best to advance in the direction of the core whirlpool. Apparently, it wanted to take the battle to the core whirlpool.

“You, young human chap! You want to take the battle to the core whirlpool? You want me killed by the core whirlpool?”

Great Thunder Star Master came crashing all the way to end up in front of Golden Beast God. With one kick, a large lightning bolt went crashing down to hack onto the body of Golden Beast God. Golden Beast God was thrown off-balance as he retreated backward.

“So foolish! My speed far exceeds 100 times light speed. If I want to fight, I fight. If I want to leave, I leave. Why would I be so silly as to enter the core whirlpool?” Great Thunder Star Master laughed loudly. He was, indeed, very arrogant.

On the outside, he may have seemed arrogant, but in his heart, Great Thunder Star Master was exercising extreme vigilance.

In the entire Whirling Swamp Ocean, the only place that posed a threat to him was the core whirlpool, which was not too far away! Only this one place! But Great Thunder Star Master understood that most of the time, a downfall might not be due to the dangers on the surface, but rather, due to accidentally falling into the ploys of malicious manipulators. This Luo Feng had, after all, received the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River. Who knew what special techniques he was capable of?

“I must be vigilant,” Great Thunder Star Master reminded himself.

“Roar!” Luo Feng let out a roar, and the head of the Beast God turned to look at Great Thunder Star Master. In a low voice, it taunted, “How timid you are! Could it be that you dared not fight me by the edge of the core whirlpool?”

The moment one fully completed the Beast God path to become a universe master, then most certainly, he would be able to transform into a Beast God! Not only was Luo Feng in the godly body of a Beast God, but even his Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor had transformed into Beast God form. His original body was protected within his Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, which, in turn, took on the form of a Beast God. This Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor would then be like a pinnacle palace true treasure, where only the core whirlpool of Whirling Swamp Ocean could destroy this Golden Beast God. Other places would pose no threat to it at all.

“You really think I’m as foolish as you?” The thunder giant gave an angry roar.

With a step forward, he suddenly raised both arms high up and joined them together. The moment his lightning arms were joined, countless lightning bolts appeared in an entangled mass. Then, together with his raised arms, he let out an angry shout and charged at Luo Feng.

It as though the universe was hacked in two.

“Roar!”

Luo Feng, who was in the form of a beast god, also roared. Without any intention of dodging, he leaped forward instantly to meet the approaching thunder giant.

Pa! Pa!

A gigantic lightning bolt that resembled a whip of lightning lashed out at the fast-approaching Golden Beast God.

“Ripping the sky with one claw!”

In mid-flight, Golden Beast God suddenly extended its right-hand claws with a wave, in preparation of confronting the approaching lightning whip. Every claw on its right hoof was as sharp as battle blades. Or, more accurately, every claw was a battle blade—Blood Ghost Blade!

The right-hand claws of Golden Beast God waved about without restraint, and the claws were naturally doing the same. A streak of blade light appeared. It was weak when it first appeared, but shortly after, it grew bigger and thicker, to the extent of being able to sweep through everything within heaven and earth.

Hong!

A miniature universe appeared and enveloped the huge lightning whip that was hacking at Golden Beast God. The miniature universe cracked open to reveal a thin blade ray that sliced through the lightning whip, causing it to disintegrate in an instant. The blade ray then skimmed across Whirling Swamp Ocean, easily slicing through the ocean as though it were as soft as tofu. It reached the thunder giant, where it continued on its streak of attack and swiftly sliced through its body.

This was Luo Feng’s self-created blade technique—Nirvana Renaissance!

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The thunder giant was forced to retreat a few steps back, creating ripples in the surrounding ocean water. He looked at Luo Feng, feeling a mixture of confusion and shock. Did Luo Feng just execute an eighth tier as the top level combat power?

A moment ago, the continued consumption of Luo Feng’s godly body had been to sustain the constant execution of Extermination. Furthermore, with the unique characteristic of Blood Ghost Blade, Luo Feng was able to attack with a combat power that reached the eighth tier as the top level! The strength of this force—even with a supreme true treasure armor as protection—meant that Great Thunder Star Master would still feel the pressure. His combat power was only at the eighth tier as the top level!

“Impossible! Ah!” The thunder giant let out a roar of rage. “Even if you have the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, you still have to die today!”

Without warning, numerous arms started appearing from around the thunder giant’s rib cage; where he originally only had two arms, now he wielded a total of 36 arms. Thunderstorm Star was originally a race that originated from Thunderstorm Star Planet. The moment the thunder giant became a true god, because his source of origin had designed his body, he would return to his true form, which was the most dazzling light sphere in the core of his body.

His arms, head and all other body parts were gathered and pieced together with his godly power, so of course, he could have any number of arms he desired.

“Take this blow of mine!” the thunder giant bellowed.

Every arm held a strange, triangular cone, making a total of 36 triangular cones. Every single one of them was a pinnacle true treasure. This formed a complete set of pinnacle true treasures, “Universe Imperial Cone,” which was quite compatible with this thunder giant.

“Roar! Bring it on!” Golden Beast God bellowed as he went head-on with thunder god again.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

Streaks of golden rays of lightning shot out from every sharp cone. A total of 36 golden rays of lightning converged in a single moment to form a huge golden cone!

The claws on Golden Beast God’s right hoof waved wildly, and the blade ray was swept up with everything else!

Soundlessly, the miniature universe enveloped the golden cones at the point where both were colliding against one another. Both were annihilated at the same time, and the strong after-effects swept up everything in the surroundings.

Golden Beast God suddenly released a small tower. “Go!”

The small tower expanded rapidly. Golden Beast God roared as he attempted to charge forward again.

“Star Tower!” Great Thunder Star Master saw Star Tower flying toward him, and his eyes reflected his greedy desires. He did not dodge the approaching Star Tower.

The claws on the hoof of Beast God—who was actually Luo Feng in his transformed body! And the triangular cones of Great Thunder Star Master! A head-on confrontation between the two entities commenced, and power met with power!

Peng!

At lightning speed, Star Tower, lofty like a towering mountain, crashed onto the head of Great Thunder Star Master, who was making no attempt to dodge. Great Thunder Star Master’s entire body was sent crashing down. There was a dent in his skull as part of it sank in from the blow he had received. Yet with the flow of lightning, his skull seemed to recover in no time.

“Eighth-tier as the top level combat power!” Great Thunder Star Master was shocked and gazed at Star Tower.

“Great Thunder!” Beast God Luo Feng roared as he charged forward like a lunatic.

Alternating between his left and right hooves, he was clawing his way forward. Blood Ghost Blade was, at times, a sharp claw on his right hoof; at other times, it would be a sharp claw on his left hoof! Golden Beast God was incomparably brutal and fierce, as he was clashing against Great Thunder Star Master in an all-out faceoff. He refused to lose!

At the same time, Star Tower was exchanging blows with Great Thunder Star Master. Every hit was like a full-fledged attack dealt by a universe supreme master. His attacks carried power at the eighth-tier level!

Within a fleeting moment, it felt as though two universe supreme masters were attacking at the same time. Such an impact sent Great Thunder Star Master retreating backward.

“How could he be so strong?” said Great Thunder Star Master. “Even for a universe supreme master to execute such force at the eighth-tier level… Firstly, he must have a secret technique, and secondly, he must have a suitable true treasure. This Luo Feng, be it at close range or through the manipulation of Star Tower, is able to unleash such powerful force. He—he is only a universe master! This inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River is simply too powerful.”

Great Thunder Star Master was forced to retreat upon being attached.

As he looked on, behind him was the core whirlpool of the Whirling Swamp Ocean. After all, the reef was near to the core whirlpool to begin with. Right at the beginning, when Luo Feng entered Whirling Swamp Ocean, he headed straight in the direction of the core whirlpool, so the distance was reduced even more. At that moment, the battle was brought right next to the core whirlpool as they continued to fight. The strangulation power of the whirlpool was so strong that it had already spread its influence all over the surroundings.

“How can a mere universe master wield such terrifying combat power?” Great Thunder Star Master said. He was jealous and angry at the same time, but he still maintained a cool composure. “Behind me is the core whirlpool. I can’t go on fighting now. If I continue to fight, I will definitely be at a disadvantage.”

Therefore, he made up his mind very quickly.

“Hahaha… Young human chap, this inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River is indeed impressive if it can even allow you to achieve such combat power, where I am unable to do anything to you. I shall stop here for now. While I have annihilated Huge Axe, you have killed my Thunder Master in return. Calculating the difference, I am still the winner. Haha…”

While still laughing with great arrogance, Great Thunder Star Master immediately accelerated and prepared to make a speedy departure.

Chapter 1326 - Terrifying

Great Thunder Star Master

Great Thunder Star Master thought he couldn’t gain anything even if he kept fighting Luo Feng. On the contrary, he might suffer losses if he wasn’t careful enough. He immediately decided to leave, and just when he started to flee, endless and dimming golden light spread, covering an area of more than one square light year.

Snowy sand floated. It was as if it were another dimension. The sand floated around the ocean but was immediately annihilated when it got close to the core whirlpool. Apparently, it couldn’t cover that terrifying area.

Golden Country and Snow Sand Ocean! They were performed at the same time!

Under “Duan Mie,” the power was incredibly strong, and it bound Great Thunder Star Master.

“Humph!” Great Thunder Star Master looked aloof. The binding affected him, but he could still be 100 times faster than light speed. It would just take him more time.

“Suppress!” Luo Feng’s beast god suddenly yelled.

Star Tower, which was trying to strike at Great Thunder Star Master like a mountain, suddenly started to spin. It started to give out a dimming light, and there were engravings on the surface of the tower that looked like screw threads. The light on the screw-thread engravings kept spinning, and Star Tower pressed against Great Thunder Star Master! In terms of speed, even great beings couldn’t compare with weapons.

Weng!

Star Tower had lost its ferocity before. Instead, it kept pressing down, trembling. Star Tower immediately fell on the head of Great Thunder Star Master.

“Huh?” Great Thunder Star Master, who was trying to flee, was like a mouse being suppressed by a giant rock. He couldn’t move. “Heavy! Too heavy!”

Great Thunder Star Master felt the full impact of the pressure being exerted by Star Tower. It wasn’t just weight, but suppression. When Star Tower fell on him, it was as if they were combined; the weight from Star Tower became his weight as well. It felt as if he were carrying a miniature universe! It was so heavy that he couldn’t walk at all.

It was like Remote Ocean!

Remote Ocean couldn’t move by itself, and it was staggeringly slow! Now, Great Thunder Star Master was slower than endless Remote Ocean!

“Impossible, impossible!” Great Thunder Star Master yelled, and lightning burst from his body. The thunder light ball at the center of his body suddenly exploded and reached its maximum power. Great Thunder Star Master could only fly slowly—slower than 10,000 kilometers per second. “No, no, no!” he roared, trying to speed up.

Ten thousand kilometers per second was his limit. The more he sped up, the stronger the pressure from Star Tower became!

Luo Feng was quite satisfied.

“I’ve already fully comprehended the fourth and the fifth level of engravings on Star Tower. The fourth level is called ‘Hit.’ The fifth level is called ‘Suppress.’”

Luo Feng didn’t bother coming up with mysterious names. However, the fourth and fifth level of engravings on Star Tower excited him. The main function of Star Tower before was hitting, and it was at level four. The fifth level was at level eight. Under Duan Mie, it was at level nine! Under such powerful suppression, even Great Thunder Star Master found it difficult to move.

If you have a helper you can collaborate with, you can blast my Star Tower away, Luo Feng thought. If we were somewhere safer, you could keep fighting me. After all, maintaining attacks at level nine consumes a great deal of godly power, and I kept performing Duan Mie, so it consumes much more. You have a larger godly body have more advanced godly power, so you’ll definitely have an advantage if we’re stuck in a long fight. Unfortunately for you… I set you up! Everything’s going as planned. Die, Great Thunder Star Master!”

Thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind. When he controlled the fifth-level engravings, and when Star Tower suppressed Great Thunder Star Master, a giant object appeared from the ocean. The ancient ship showed up and raced toward Great Thunder Star Master.

“No!” Great Thunder Star Master felt that he was being pressured by Star Tower and couldn’t get away. He used “Universe Imperial Cone” to attack it, but even his own body was constrained by the suppression, so he couldn’t move Star Tower at all. He was incredibly slow.

Boat of Mausoleum, which was ten billion kilometers long, charged at him. He was slower than 10,000 kilometers per second, so he couldn’t avoid it at all!

“Humph!” Luo Feng’s beast god watched.

He was doomed! Great Thunder Star Master was definitely doomed! His godly power could maintain suppression at level nine easily. Great Thunder Star Master was being hit by Boat of Mausoleum, which couldn’t be moved even by a large group of universe masters. This terrifying ship could definitely push Great Thunder Star Master into core whirlpool, which was exceedingly powerful.

There was a tranquil portal at the very center as that at the center of a tornado. Sometimes, there would be true treasures emerging from the core whirlpool. However, Great Thunder Star Master would be crushed and killed before it could reach the center of the core whirlpool. Even universe supreme masters needed supreme true treasure palaces to survive the core whirlpool.

Star Tower was for suppression, Boat of Mausoleum was for pushing, and the core whirlpool was for killing.

Luo Feng stared at that thunder giant and delighted in his life withering away.

“You made me—you made me do this!” Great Thunder Star Master suddenly roared in anger. “Luo Feng! Luo Feng! You made me do this! You did this! Drop dead!”

Luo Feng sensed that something bad was going to happen.

“Quick, push him!” Luo Feng drove Boat of Mausoleum with all his power, making it as fast as possible.

At that moment, Great Thunder Star Master had gone completely insane. After that roar, there was black air everywhere on his giant body, surrounded by lightning. Black air emanated outward, making him howl in agony.

That mysterious black air looked harmless, but Luo Feng’s instincts told him otherwise.

Danger, danger, danger! Every part of his godly power was screaming as if it had encountered a terrifying being. Dodge!

Luo Feng rushed into Boat of Mausoleum. Star Tower was suppressing Great Thunder Star Master, so he could only hide in Boat of Mausoleum.

Great Thunder Star Master was insane. “You want to kill me?” he roared. “You can die first!”

The endless black air surged out of his thunder body, and it slashed the surrounding space. Its speed was limited like a domain true treasure, covering the area after it was performed. It spread toward Luo Feng instantly and started to pierce Golden Horn Beast Luo Feng.

“This is nothing, nothing,” Luo Feng told himself. “I can totally resist it. My Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor is also in the shape of a beast god, like a pinnacle true treasure palace.”

Although Luo Feng was fearful in his heart, his godly power was terrified, as if at the mercy of all-consuming flames.

His godly power was terrified of the black air; it wasn’t influenced by Luo Feng’s mind. Luo Feng’s logic told him that nothing existing in Universe Ocean that was this horrifying. After all, he was very powerful, and the beast god formed by Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor was like a pinnacle true treasure palace. Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor needed to be broken before his godly body could be hit! However, no supreme masters were able to break a pinnacle true treasure palace.

Hu!

The seemingly ordinary black air enveloped the entire Golden Beast God.

How did Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor form a beast god? It was via godly power! That was why there was godly power burning on Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

The black air and the golden beast god kept consuming each other.

As the black air completely enveloped the Golden Beast God, the godly power maintaining Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor was suddenly consumed at a fast rate! The black air was consumed as well, but there was too much of it, and it was coming from every inch of the godly body of Great Thunder Star Master.

“Hold it, hold it, hold it…” Luo Feng tried to transmit his godly power as much as possible to maintain Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, but it was consumed faster than it was being supplied. It was like a ball of flames being extinguished by water.

As for Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, it was disintegrated as soon as the godly power was fully consumed.

Hu!

The horrifying black air twisted into a weird shape, enveloping Luo Feng. Godly power and black air kept consuming each other!

“Hahaha…!” Great Thunder Star Master roared recklessly. “You made me do this! You made me do this! You’re only a universe master, and you don’t have much of a godly body or godly power! We’re not even at the same level. If you were a universe supreme master, you would be able to last longer… However, you’re only a universe master. Even if your godly power were 1,000 times more, you would still die in the end. Hahaha… Once you die, all your true treasures, including Star Tower, will be mine. Even if you have multiple bodies, they won’t make it in time to save you.”

Great Thunder Star Master was furious and excited at the same time. Just as he stopped shouting—

Hua!

Luo Feng’s godly body in the distance was already annihilated. He had no idea how to deal with black air like this. Even the memory stones from the Duan Dong River inheritance didn’t have any records of such black air! Or if there was, it had been covered by the original mind.

Luo Feng had no idea how to resist or attack it! And without an attack, he could only use his godly power. As for his original body, at 100,000 kilometers tall, it was already annihilated.

Hua! La!

The four silver wings, Crazy Demon Extermination Armor, a world ring, and Blood Shadow Blade all floated.

This greatly excited Great Thunder Star Master.

However, the enormous spaceship, Boat of Mausoleum, didn’t stop at all! Rather, it still slammed into Great Thunder Star Master.

Chapter 1327 - Death of a

Supreme Master

In the palace of Boat of Mausoleum, Golden Horned Beast Luo Feng stood on his four hoofs. He looked outside and was terrified. “What’s that black air? It’s like the opposite of godly power—like water and fire, or light and dark. It’s exactly the opposite to godly power… I have never heard of power like this.”

Such helplessness intimidated Luo Feng. He was indeed powerful, yet he could do nothing to resist it. The black air wasn’t even recorded in the inheritance from Duan Dong River, or it had been recorded but was covered by the original mind.

“Perhaps… Perhaps that’s why the original universe wants the three dead.”

Luo Feng suddenly understood it. If every universe supreme master had that black air, it wouldn’t be a secret, and he should know about it. At least there should have been some records about it in the inheritance from Duan Dong River. Apparently, that black air was extraordinary, as Great Thunder Star Master didn’t even perform it at first and chose to run away. He only used it when he was almost hopeless.

Strange objects aren’t allowed in the original universe, thought Luo Feng. Yuan Ao Master was killed because he had a strange object, and the strange object was banished from the original universe. That black air is owned by Great Thunder Star Master, which also makes the original mind want him dead. Besides, why did they want Huge Axe dead?

Thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind. He sensed that Universe Ocean wasn’t as simple as he had believed. Great Thunder Star Master, Zhen Jia Emperor, and Dragon Rock Ancestral God… They must have held a great secret.

Luo Feng’s mind worked very quickly. He was staring at the outside and driving Star Tower with his godly power to suppress Great Thunder Star Master. Both his original body and his Golden Horned Beast body could drive the true treasure.

Hong! Long! Long!

Boat of Mausoleum, flying swiftly, crashed into Great Thunder Star Master.

The ten-billion-kilometer Boat of Mausoleum was enormous! It would take Great Thunder Star Master more than a day to fly that far at his speed.

Hong!

It was a horrifying strike.

“Ah!” shouted Great Thunder Star Master. “He has another body! Goddamn human!”

Great Thunder Star Master became desperate. He had thought that he had killed Luo Feng and that the true treasures and valuables wouldn’t be a threat anymore without being controlled. Even though he had suffered a huge loss, it could have been made up for through all the valuables.

Even if Luo Feng had another body, it couldn’t do anything to help if it was in the original universe. However, Luo Feng’s Golden Horned Beast body was in Boat of Mausoleum!

Luo Feng was very careful and didn’t dare to be reckless. Though he was confident, he still had a back-up plan. His two godly bodies wouldn’t come up together usually. His original body would do the adventuring while his golden horned beast body would stay in Boat of Mausoleum. Even if his original body was killed, his golden horned beast body could come out and save the day.

This backup plan had helped Luo Feng dodge a bullet this time. If both of his bodies had come out, both of them would have been killed by the black air, and all his valuables would have been seized by Great Thunder Star Master.

Luo Feng secretly rejoiced. “No matter how confident I am, I need to have a backup plan.”

“No, no…!” said Great Thunder Star Master.

He was suppressed by Star Tower, and the towering Boat of Mausoleum kept pushing him to the core whirlpool. He wasn’t able to resist the power from Boat of Mausoleum at all, and he kept being pushed backward. He was already in the core whirlpool…

“I have fought until now,” said Great Thunder Star Master. He was in agony. “I risked everything to transcend incarnations! I’m not meant to die here! It shouldn’t be this way! No! I should die at the hands of a universe master!”

With that unwilling shout, Great Thunder Star Master was pressed into the core whirlpool by Boat of Mausoleum. The tearing power from the core whirlpool in Whirling Swamp Ocean kept hitting him, and his thunder giant body was torn apart quickly. Even with the supreme true treasure armor weakening the attacks, the power still damaged his body through the godly armor.

After only a short while, the last roar came: “I’m not willing!” Everything went silent. The base of Boat of Mausoleum opened, and a giant entry appeared. Even in the core whirlpool, Boat of Mausoleum was still steady as a rock. It swallowed all the valuables from the dead Great Thunder Star Master and Star Tower.

The giant gate at the base closed, and Boat of Mausoleum flew out.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Blood Shadow Blade, the silver four wings, and Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor all flew into Boat of Mausoleum through the side gate.

In the main cabin at the base of Boat of Mausoleum, a golden horned beast walked through the hallway. Just as he was walking, the godly power from Golden Horned Beast extended out of his body and formed a human shape. Soon, an earthling original body was formed. The earthling original body had 90 percent of the godly body while the golden horned beast only had 10 percent.

“For what it’s worth, I’ll leave a body in Boat of Mausoleum so I can at least take the true treasures back.”

Luo Feng felt fortunate. He would be more careful after that fight.

Luo Feng and Golden Horned Beast walked to the handrail and saw the large number of objects in the bottom cabin: Star Tower, valuables left by Great Thunder Star Master, and parts of the body of Great Thunder Star Master.

“Come.” Luo Feng waved his hands.

Blood Shadow Blade, Star Tower, Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor, and the other valuables flew and merged with the original body.

“No wonder it’s a universe supreme master. He even had a body after he died.” Luo Feng smiled and looked down at the pieces of the body.

Universe supreme masters were of a completely different life form than those under them. Life forms determined power, and different life forms had completely different levels of power. Only because of the suppression created by the rules could only wield godly power at 10,000 times that of universe masters.

If there wasn’t for suppression, even with the environment, he couldn’t have killed a universe supreme master so easily with Boat of Mausoleum and Duan Mie.

“Let me see what valuables I got.” Luo Feng started to check his trophies.

At that moment, weird things were happening in different areas in the three Lands of Extremis.

“It’s dangerous in the front. Let’s…”

In the deep area of the inner area of Tilted Peak Sector, six universe masters were carefully looking at the front. One of the masters was talking. Suddenly, a great being from the Thunderstorm Star race fell without warning. His godly body was intact, yet it was lifeless.

The other five universe masters were all shocked.

“He died?”

“How? How did he die without any signs? Nobody attacked him.”

“Did the miniature universe he lived in crumble? If a miniature universe crumbles, all the lives bound to it will die. Did Great Thunder Star Master die?”

“I heard that Great Thunder Star Master fought Milky Way Horde Leader, Luo Feng. Could it be…?”

At that moment, six universe masters from Thunderstorm race were found to be dead in Universe Ocean, and lots of powers started to contact the 15 universe masters who were watching on the reef of Whirling Swamp Ocean.

On the central reef of Whirling Swamp Ocean, the 15 universe supreme masters were in their palaces, watching the fight anxiously and feeling the ripples of power.

One message after another was sent.

“Did Great Thunder Star Master die?”

“Did you see something?”

All 15 universe masters were talking to their friends and the leaders of their races.

“No, we can’t see anything. Luo Feng is fighting Great Thunder Star Master. They’re fighting at the bottom of Whirling Swamp Ocean, so we don’t dare to go down. The surroundings were shaking before, yet it’s quiet now.”

“We didn’t see anything. Are you saying that several universe masters from Thunderstorm Star died without being attacked? Yes, Luo Feng and Great Thunder Star Master were fighting at the bottom of the sea. Great Thunder Star Master must have died. Otherwise, there’s no explanation.”

“Ancestor, go to the miniature universe of Great Thunder Star Master. If he dies and his miniature universe crumbles, lots of universe masters and universe knights will be dead instantly! Those valuables don’t have masters now… There’s also storage in the race of Thunderstorm Star. Quick! The humans are still in the original universe, and it’ll take them a long time to arrive there. The miniature universe of our race is close to that one. Quick! Go there now!”

At the same time…

Hong! Long!

The giant spaceship emerged from the core whirlpool of Whirling Swamp Ocean. It covered the sky and land, and it raced forward confidently and recklessly.

Those 15 universe masters who were communicating with their friends and races were all dazed. Then they started to notify others.

“Ancestor, I see it! Boat of Mausoleum! Boat of Mausoleum! Boat of Mausoleum just flew out of Whirling Swamp Ocean… I can’t see Great Thunder Star Master! Great Thunder Star Master must have died! In—incredible! A universe supreme master just died! How did Luo Feng do it?”

“It’s Boat of Mausoleum, and I can’t see Great Thunder Star Master. I don’t see him.”

Lots of powers knew instantly, and quite a few powers immediately figured out that the small universe of Great Thunder Star Master had crumbled. All those valuables would be masterless. Many universe masters and even universe supreme masters took off there. They all thought that even Luo Feng hadn’t really expected to win, so humans wouldn’t have arranged anyone outside the miniature universe of Great Thunder Star Master.

Endless air permeated. The black pyramid was floating. Inside it, Darkness Master stared at the giant miniature universe in the distance

Suddenly, an email was sent to him through the virtual universe. There were only six words in the email: “Great Thunder is dead. Starting collecting!”

Darkness Master opened his eyes wide and was dazed for three seconds. Then he bellowed, “He really killed a universe supreme master! This nephew of mine is impressive! Hahaha… Crumbling small universe, here I come.”

Darkness Master flew toward the miniature universe in Black Prison Tower. When he was approaching, he saw that the surface of the small universe was already cracked.

Chapter 1328 - Power and

Prestige

Within the miniature universe that was starting to degenerate and collapse, the floating continent was cracking. Cracks appeared in space, creating a scene depicting the imminent end of the universe, but it was, in fact, only the initial stage of the collapse. All living souls that had originally been in this miniature universe had been quietly annihilated. Only numerous floating godly bodies could be seen.

“All my fellow humans. All my fellow humans, come. All of you should come here.”

A black pyramid could be seen flying at high speed. The dark hole of the deep abyss at its base had opened, and it was swallowing without restraint, sucking in treasures it found along the way and even some universe masters and the godly bodies of universe knights. Because on these godly bodies, there might be treasures like godly armor and the like.

Scour and collect! Scour and collect as wildly as possible! No matter how composed Darkness Master was, he was still incomparably exhilarated.

“Thunderstorm Star race only had one universe supreme master. In terms of treasures and wealth in its treasure vault, it is at most comparable to us humans. Should there come a day when we are able to exterminate a top power like the Divine Eye Clan… the wealth we gain will truly be something impressive.”

The humans were, indeed, very poor. Before Luo Feng had met with all his great opportunities, Huge Axe Creator’s supreme true treasure was the only one the human race had. Likewise, Thunderstorm Star race also had only one supreme true treasure. Yet, with the passing of time, the pinnacle true treasures that Thunderstorm Star race had in their possession started to outnumber that of humans.

“By causing our Huge Axe to be annihilated, you have brought yourselves to this sorry end,” said Darkness Master.

At times, the black pyramid would be advancing at high speed. Other times, it would teleport. Then finally, it managed to scour and collect everything it could find within the entire miniature universe. Thereafter, Darkness Master, who was feeling incredibly satisfied, left. He left behind a “clean” yet utterly defeated miniature universe.

Not too long later, a stream of golden, flowing light flashed by and dashed into this utterly defeated miniature universe.

“Nothing! Nothing! Everything is gone… who was it? Reaching here before us to scour the entire miniature universe so thoroughly that not a single valuable is left.” A great being from another race, whose body was radiating golden light rays, was hovering within the miniature universe. He felt utterly helpless as he lamented, “I rushed here as fast as I could. Scouring and collecting things would take some time. Could it be… the moment that old fellow, Great Thunder died, his miniature universe was scoured, and everything was taken? Alas… It looks like this was likely done by the humans.”

Thereafter, he helplessly transformed into a streak of light, teleported a few times, and charged directly out of the miniature universe. At that moment, two more streaks of flowing light appeared outside.

“Rampaging Devil God, you actually beat everyone to it!”

“Rampaging Devil God, you cannot be taking all the treasures and wealth in the treasury vault for yourself.”

The two streaks of flowing light came to a halt. Both were pinnacle palace true treasures, and they were speaking up at the same time.

Rampaging Devil God, who was about to leave, let out a howling cry. “I just arrived not too long ago, too. Everything in the treasure vault of the Thunderstorm Star race has already been taken away. I have taken nothing at all.”

“Rampaging Devil God, you are a lone traveler. Is there any need for you to take everything for yourself?”

“Rampaging Devil God, don’t lie. How long ago has it been since Great Thunder Star Master was annihilated? Scouring the entire miniature universe to collect the valuables would require a long time, yet you say you have found and taken nothing at all? Who would believe that?”

Rampaging Devil God flew into a rage immediately. The feeling of being so grievously wronged was unpleasant.

“You two are fools! I said I have taken nothing. That means I have taken nothing! Why should I even lie about it? I have no time to continue this pointless talk with you. I’m leaving!”

Rampaging Devil God howled again. Then, in a flash, he vanished. This Rampaging Devil God had a strange temper. He liked to swallow rocks and metals. A huge amount of the essence of rocks and metals had condensed onto his outer-shell, forming a golden covering. Furthermore, he also had a supreme true treasure, “Bloody Sea Devil Armor,” which, by right, should be radiating an endless bloody light. Yet Rampaging Devil God had instead made Bloody Sea Devil Armor become golden in color. Generally, all places he passed by would be enveloped by a golden hue. The effect was remarkably dazzling.

“That savage fellow, Rampaging, would not stoop so low as to lie. Could it be that he truly did not take anything?”

“Maybe it is the humans! Luo Feng lured Great Thunder Star Master into a battle. Maybe he had devised a plot that succeeded in the end, annihilating Great Thunder Star Master… Then the human race could scour the miniature universe thoroughly and collect everything they found. This would be a sizable amount.”

With that, they too left.

Thereafter, great beings of several groups arrived in succession, but what was left for them was only a desolated miniature universe.

On the peak of Thunder Island in the virtual universe, a group of universe masters of the human race had gathered. As for Luo Feng, he had previously focused all his energy on the fight, so he had not divided his attention into entering the virtual universe.

“We are not sure if Luo Feng succeeded or not.”

“Killing a universe supreme master required some luck. No one can say for sure whether success is possible.”

Primal Chaos City Leader, Long Yan Master, Void Gold Master, Deserted Mirror Master, and the others were all seated on their thrones, feeling nervous and perturbed as they waited.

A short moment later, a message appeared before Primal Chaos City Leader. With a light tap, he read the mail and soon revealed a look of surprise and joy.

“Great Thunder Star Master…” Primal Chaos City Leader looked around at the numerous universe masters who were all waiting in anticipation. “Is dead!”

“Hahaha…!”

“What madness…”

“Simply unbelievable!”

The human universe masters were going crazy with joy. A universe master killing a universe supreme master was a miracle! It was a great tragedy, of course, for Great Thunder Star Master, who had been annihilated—as well as for his Thunderstorm Star race. But Luo Feng and his human race could not have been more excited and exhilarated.

“Darkness Master is now in Great Thunder Star Master’s miniature universe collecting all the items that are now without masters,” Primal Chaos City Leader said in a leisurely tone. “This is great for us since our race is currently lacking these.”

Great Thunder Star Master’s annihilation had far-reaching effects!

A universe supreme master had been annihilated just like that? Throughout the entire Universe Ocean, it was rare for universe masters from the three reincarnation eras and two holy lands to be annihilated. Even if they were, normally, it would happen within the core regions of the three most dangerous lands or because of environmental reasons, but the cases of annihilation by other great beings were so few that they could be counted on two hands.

“We must clarify!”

“Clarify the cause of Great Thunder Star Master’s death!”

“If we do not know his cause of death, maybe we will be the next in line.”

At that point in time, various groups of powers and even supreme masters who traveled alone were in a frenzy. They were all heading toward Whirling Swamp Ocean to investigate.

In the next seven days following the battle between Luo Feng and Great Thunder Star Master, there had been two universe supreme masters arriving successively to conduct some thorough investigation. In the half a year following the battle, the number had increased to 22 universe supreme masters. Based on the traces of battle left behind, they tried to deduce how Luo Feng had annihilated Great Thunder Star Master. Without clarification, how could they have peace of mind?

“Judging from the position, this battle must have happened around the area by the core whirlpool. Great Thunder Star Master must have worn his supreme true treasure godly armor as self-protection and had intended to charge and kill via a head-on confrontation. Even for a universe supreme master, this might not be possible. So we can almost be sure that… it was the core whirlpool that brought about the annihilation of Great Thunder Star Master. But the question is, why did he not dodge? This is the key point. We can only say that Luo Feng must have staged a ploy to prevent Great Thunder Star Master from leaving the core whirlpool.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng must have a secret ultimate technique.”

“He must have a technique that he is exceptionally skilled at. For instance, there are abilities to restrain or limit. And this ability of his is likely from the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River. He must have gained a ‘restraining type’ unique treasure. The chances are very high.”

Time passed.

The death of a universe supreme master would always seize the attention of various groups of top powers and keep them on their toes!

They had guessed that Luo Feng knew a “limiting type” method, but if the universe supreme master he was pitted against had a restraining type means, too, then that universe supreme master would have the ability to come and go as he pleased. How could he be annihilated?

This limiting type means that Luo Feng used—no one knew what it was. Even more than before, these various groups started to exercise more vigilance whenever Luo Feng was involved. If a being was able to kill a universe supreme master, regardless of how he achieved it, he definitely could not be treated lightly. They had to be vigilant!

“Purple Moon Holy Land is in trouble.”

“When fighting the humans, Purple Moon Holy Land enlisted the help of other groups of powers within the primal universe to suppress the development of the humans. They even issued a killing order on all humans before. Now, Luo Feng is merely a universe master and yet is able to make use of some secret special means to annihilate a universe supreme master. When he becomes a universe supreme master, I’m afraid he is going to be more intimidating than Teacher Origin. If this goes on, it seems like Purple Moon Holy Land is going to suffer quite a loss!”

“Purple Moon Holy Land is already an eternal existence to begin with. There is no need for it to suppress the humans. Now, it has incurred the wrath of a great enemy.”

“You all think too highly of the humans! Great enemy? Purple Moon Holy Land is, after all, a holy land universe. Even if it is temporarily at a disadvantage, they are an eternal existence. After a few reincarnation eras, they will still be as strong and powerful as ever. Besides, to this day, no one can say for sure whether or not the human race can live past three reincarnation eras.”

The aftermath of Great Thunder Star Master’s annihilation lingered on, and Luo Feng, whom the various groups of top powers in the entire Universe Ocean had placed so much focus on, suddenly disappeared!

For over 300 years, not a single great being could find a trace of Luo Feng. He had completely removed himself from the scene. Even so, he remained recognized as one of the most terrifying existences, and the memories of him were etched deeply in the minds of great beings from various groups of top powers in Universe Ocean.

Universe masters would have to escape and hide, if possible. If not, it would be better to surrender obediently and banish all thoughts of resistance.

As for universe supreme masters, they still would need to practice some vigilance. It was best to steer clear of dangerous environments, lest an accidental lack of vigilance cause one to lose everything and become “Great Thunder Star Master—the Second.”

Pa!

Within Star Tower, a drop of blood hovered in a fixed spot in one of the individual spaces.

“Great Thunder Star Master carried with him quite a fair amount of treasures and precious materials,” said Luo Feng. “The top-notch materials are almost used up, and there are two pinnacle true treasures swallowed, too. But there is just enough to help Shi Wu Wings produce one more drop of godly blood.”

Luo Feng turned to look to his side at the wings on Golden Horned Beast. At the moment, only one more patch of the bloodstain left from its previous injury remained.

Luo Feng turned to look at the outside world through Star Tower. From where he was in the vast Universe Ocean, he could already faintly see the immeasurably huge primal universe.

“Primal Universe, I am back.” Luo Feng revealed a trace of a smile.

He changed the form of Star Tower and secretly made his way out until he had exited Universe Boat! For this long period of time, he had spent his time on cultivation, immersing himself in the study of the “godly power genes.” At times, he made use of his talent technique of the endless Remote Ocean within the primal universe to “create” and conduct experiments.

Over 300 years… This length of time was, in fact, more than 300 eras. The number of experiments he had performed equaled more than 80,000. There may have been the occasional rewarding outcome, but the course of studying had led Luo Feng to believe that such a path was extremely difficult.

“I will head back first to rejuvenate my godly body. Then I will go send some congratulatory gifts to Teacher.”

A glint of eagerness flashed in Luo Feng’s eyes. Teacher Primal Chaos City Leader had always bestowed great kindness upon him. This supreme true treasure armor Luo Feng had seized from Great Thunder Star Master was the first gesture of gratitude he wanted to present to Teacher after he had gained power and prestige. After all, even Darkness Master and Peng Gong Master had previously received supreme true treasures from him.

Chapter 1329 - “It”

The time and space of the primal secret region—the power center of the human race—were already transformed. Under the control of the new true god, Primal Chaos City Leader, even the laws were already changed. At least the enemies couldn’t get to the center in a short time through god country transportation or teleportation.

After Huge Axe died, the humans had much weaker control over space and time, which was why the united forces alliance had been able to reach their center in a short period of time.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Waves appeared in the endless Remote Ocean standing in the space. A being showed up on the waves.

“I’m back.”

Luo Feng stepped on the waves, and the godly power immediately supplied his original body. The godly power also went into Boat of Mausoleum and supplied the golden horned beast. Both bodies recovered instantly. To the endless Remote Ocean, such godly power was nothing.

“The godly power path is indeed complicated and mysterious.” Luo Feng waved his hands, and a world ring flew out. The endless waves tumbled and swallowed the world ring.

Lots of special materials gained from Universe Boat by Luo Feng in the past 800 years were hidden in that world ring. There were 92,083 kinds of rock material, as well as flames, gases, liquids, metals, and so on. Other than those lifeless objects, pieces of the dead body of Thunder Shuttle Master and Great Thunder Star Master were also in the world ring.

There were many routes on the godly power path. Endless Remote Ocean had the inherited technique Creation, which could analyze life genes and create life forms! Naturally, analyzing life genes was the most effective. Before he had gone to Universe Ocean the last time, Luo Feng had put many objects from the original universe in Remote Ocean for it to analyze.

Luo Feng had a simple method. Endless Remote Ocean could analyze the life forms! His godly power then stayed in the space of inheritance to further study them. Once he had made some breakthrough during the studies, he would use his endless Remote Ocean for testing again.

“Unfortunately, the creatures I prepared last time are already rotten.” Luo Feng shook his head. Some creatures only have a lifespan of around 1,000 years, so they had already aged to death during the course of study.

“Teacher!” Luo Feng shouted on the waves of endless Remote Ocean.

Shua!

A being showed up beside Luo Feng. It was Primal Chaos City Leader. He wore a golden cape, and his eyes looked as if they had recorded the birth and death of a universe. He appeared very calm, which amazed Luo Feng, as his teacher and Huge Axe had two different auras. Huge Axe was more adventurous and intrepid, while Primal Chaos City Leader was more conservative and reserved.

“Congratulations, Teacher.” Luo Feng noticed the improvement in the power of his teacher.

“Still not as impressive as you,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “I just became a universe supreme master, yet you’ve already killed one. Few in Universe Ocean have killed universe supreme masters.”

“It’s luck,” said Luo Feng.

“You said before the fight that you had a 30 percent chance of winning.” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head. “It’s not about luck.”

Luo Feng stopped arguing. He waved his hands, and Star Tower appeared beside him. An armor giving out cyan light flew out from the side gate at the base. An ancient force permeated from the armor, which shocked Primal Chaos City Leader. “Great Thunder Godly Armor?”

Luo Feng nodded and said, “Yes. Teacher, you just became a universe supreme master, and I just killed that Great Thunder Star Master. This Great Thunder Godly Armor is my gift to congratulate you on becoming a universe supreme master.”

“You don’t even have a supreme true treasure.” Primal Chaos City Leader shook his head. “This Great Thunder Godly Armor would be very useful to you. Keep it for yourself.”

Luo Feng was dazed. “Teacher, I have several supreme true treasures, so I really don’t need this one. I came here to give you the armor. Please take it.”

Primal Chaos City Leader frowned and said, “Stop arguing with me. You know how I am. If this were an attack type or palace type supreme true treasure, I would’ve taken it already. However, you don’t have a supreme true treasure armor. You’re adventuring through Universe Ocean now, yet I’m guarding the primal universe and won’t go out for a while. I don’t need Great Thunder Godly Armor! You do!”

Luo Feng was anxious. “How… However… even Darkness Master and Peng Gong Master have a supreme true treasure. But you…”

He was indeed grateful. But he also had several valuables, so he didn’t need this supreme true treasure. As for survival skills, almost nobody in Universe Ocean could compare to him. He had already planned to give Great Thunder Godly Armor to his teacher.

“It’s different for Darkness and Peng Gong,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “That was during the war. Besides, you have both the attack type and palace type supreme true treasure, which is why I allowed that to happen. As for Great Thunder Godly Armor, I don’t want it. End of discussion.”

Luo Feng was dazed, but he had to acquiesce. He realized that his teacher was just balancing the power and rights in the human race. A great being like this wouldn’t accept gifts from others for no reason—even from his own disciple. If it was a valuable valueless to his disciple, he would accept it, yet it was a supreme true treasure armor that was vital to his disciple, so he couldn’t accept it.

I’ll adventure through Universe Ocean, Luo Feng thought. I’ll keep going on adventures, and if I get new armor, my teacher won’t have any excuses to reject it.

Luo Feng understood that it was very difficult to get another supreme true treasure armor.

“Teacher, this is a set true treasure Great Thunder Star Master left after he died, Universe Imperial Cone.” Luo Feng pointed to Star Tower, and a set of valuables flew out of the gate at the bottom of Star Tower and floated on the waves. There were 36 triangle cones.

“Universe Imperial Cone?” Primal Chaos City Leader’s eyes gleamed, and he exclaimed, “This is a very powerful set true treasures, only second to supreme true treasures. I’ll accept this valuable. Thank you.”

Primal Chaos City Leader could feel the passion of his disciple, and he had already upset his disciple by rejecting the armor. He wanted to make Luo Feng feel better by taking Universe Imperial Cone.

After the congratulatory gift, Luo Feng told his teacher, “Teacher, I need to ask you for a favor.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Just say the word.”

“My Remote Ocean has the power of ‘Creation,’” said Luo Feng. “I need billions of creatures and objects from the original universe, alive and lifeless. I need them all. Even though I prepared some last time, the original universe is enormous. Only with the power of the entire Hong Alliance can we gather enough material.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “This concerns you becoming a universe supreme master. Rest assured, I’ll tell the entire Hong Alliance. Even if we search every inch of the original universe. We’ll prepare all the materials, valuables, and creatures. How do I give them to you?”

“Just put them in the endless Remote Ocean,” said Luo Feng. “Especially those creatures. There are billions of life forms in the universe, and those from the weak races have short lifespans. I might need to practice for tens of millions of years or even more… Those creatures might die during the period. I’m thinking that we should capture as many as possible so that they can keep breeding. Then I’ll have infinite sources to study.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Okay. It’s so simple. I’ll prepare some world rings and let them live there. Do you have any requirements for their power?”

“From the weakest to sector lords,” said Luo Feng. “The more powerful a life form is, the more difficult it is to analyze them. I might need a long time to study a sector lord.”

“Okay, I’ll go arrange it now.” Primal Chaos City Leader was careful.

“Don’t capture too many,” said Luo Feng. “Just capture a few of them for them to breed. I’ll study them, and I won’t hurt them. I need as many kinds of life forms as possible, but I only need a few from each kind.”

Luo Feng was worried that some races might go extinct because of him. After all, there were many universe knights in the Hong Alliance, and when they acted, they might annihilate an entire race. That was why Luo Feng said that he only needed a few from each.

“Teacher!” said Luo Feng. “I’m going to Universe Ocean now, and please don’t tell anyone where I’m going.”

“Do you mean…?” Primal Chaos City Leader understood it immediately. “You want them to think you’re still in Universe Boat?”

“That’s right.” Luo Feng nodded. “If someone knows that I came back to the original universe, then other powers will know that I’ve left Universe Boat. I’m afraid that Pei Xing Master might get away. Though it’s unlikely that he can get away, I don’t want to risk it! After all, if he enters Purple Moon Holy Land, I won’t be able to do anything about it.”

“Okay.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. He now understood why Luo Feng had chosen to meet him in endless Remote Ocean. Endless Remote Ocean belonged to Luo Feng. Nobody would know that Luo Feng’s original body had already been back to the original universe if Luo Feng showed up here. “I won’t use Universe Imperial Cone until you kill Pei Xing Master.”

Luo Feng shook his head and smiled. “It depends on my luck. I still can’t be sure whether the wing of Pei Xing Master is exactly the one I want. I’ll leave now, teacher.”

After saying goodbye, Luo Feng left the human territory and entered Universe Ocean, heading toward Tilted Peak Sector.

It would take a long time to get to Tilted Peak Sector. No great beings were able to find the periphery of Universe Ocean, and anyone could get lost if they fly too far in Universe Ocean.

In an area where nobody from the three universe eras and two holy lands had ever been…

Hong!

In the endless chaos air, an enormous object started to fly at high speed—a million times faster than light speed, then ten million times faster than light speed. The speed limit was nothing to it, and its volume was larger than that of a miniature universe. The giant object was in the shape of a human.

The human-shape object, which was larger than a miniature universe, was flying in a straight line at a steady speed, flying toward the original universe.

Chapter 1330 - Coincidence

That enormous thing was flying, yet nobody noticed it.

In the inner area of Tilted Peak Sector, a white boat flew by, and Luo Feng was sitting it. That white boat was Boat of Mausoleum, which had changed its size and color. It was a machine type valuable, so it could change its appearance. However, it still had to be in the shape of a boat.

“Okay, I understand it. Rest assured.”

Luo Feng’s mind answered in the virtual universe. His target was Pei Xing Master, so he needed to locate him first. After all, Pei Xing Master wouldn’t just stay in one place and not move.

“Pei Xing Master was found 11 years ago,” whispered Luo Feng. “It’s Ice Flower Rock World in Tilted Peak Sector. It might take me around 80 years to get there. That Pei Xing Master is indeed adventurous. I’ve been in Tilted Peak Sector for 200 years, and I still haven’t found him. I can’t believe a new universe master can be this mad.”

Luo Feng failed to imagine the passion and ambition of a universe master who had been suppressed for 18 universe eras and finally got the chance to enter Universe Ocean.

Don’t disappoint me, Luo Feng thought. I chose you over the valuables left by Jie Fan Zi.

He then smiled awkwardly. He had already traveled several times to the green keepsake space where the valuables from Jie Fan Zi were left. The first time, he had entered Universe Boat and fought Five Chaos Master. He had gotten trapped in the ninth abyss, yet he had put away the valuables from Jie Fan Zi because of the inheritance from Duan Dong River. The second time, he had gone to get the white wing, and after getting it, he had separated his two bodies. However, Huge Axe had suddenly died, so Luo Feng had summoned his golden horned beast body.

This was the third time. He had been flying in Universe Boat for 400 years, and he had suddenly learned about Pei Xing Master.

“There’s a saying from my home planet, Earth: ‘Good things are a long time in coming,’” Luo Feng whispered. “I failed several times. Can there be some surprising gifts in the green keepsake space of Jie Fan Zi?”

Actually, he didn’t care much about that keepsake space. To him, other wings of Shi Wu Wing were obviously much more important than the valuables left by Jie Fanzi. He turned around the second he learned about Pei Xing Master.

“Perhaps there is a happy surprise.” Luo Feng smiled, closed his eyes, and kept practicing.

Ice Flower Rock World of the inner area of Tilted Peak Sector.

The white boat was flying in the sky.

“Huh? Nothing?” Luo Feng sat in the hall of the boat. He had four wings on his back. “When I sensed that white wing, it was dozens of light years away from me. Yet now, I can’t sense anything? Either that wing isn’t the one I want, or he’s not in Ice Flower Rock World anymore.”

Luo Feng frowned. He looked at the outside world. There were giant flowers growing in Ice Flower Rock World. The flowers looked beautiful, but there was a sense of killing hidden in them. The entire space was made up endless flowers.

“What should I do? I can’t find them anyway.” Luo Feng frowned.

It was very difficult to track a great being in the three Lands of Extremis. After all, it might take someone several eras for a great being to wait for a valuable to be born. Even though the intelligence network of the Hong Alliance was impressive, there hadn’t been any updates on Pei Xing Master’s traces.

“Hmm.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “Perhaps I can do this…”

Luo Feng smiled. He had a thought, and a being showed up, which was a golden horned beast. It was carrying a pair of white wings.

When I was looking for Heavenly Yang Knight on the original stars, I only had one pair of wings, thought Luo Feng. I could only sense the white wings when I was close enough to Heavenly Yang Knight. With two pairs of wings, I can feel it dozens of light years away in Tilted Peak Sector—even with the waters and wing space in the middle. Apparently, the more wings I have, the stronger than summoning will be. If I combine all three pairs of wings, the detection distance will be far!

The detection distance of one pair was less than ten billion kilometers. The detection distance of two pairs was dozens of light years.

What about three pairs? Hundreds of light years? Thousands of light years?

No matter how dangerous the inner area of Tilted Peak Sector was, Pei Xing Master had been in Ice Flower Rock World 90 years ago, and a universe master wouldn’t be able to go too far. Luo Feng should be able to sense it.

White wings, Luo Feng thought.

The pair of white wings merged with the back of the earthling original body. Just as they merged, the four silver wings and the white wings integrated like gears, forming six perfect wings after connecting with each other.

Weng!

The six silver wings on Luo Feng’s back suddenly shook.

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed, and he looked exhilarated. “The summoning! That direction!” Luo Feng looked at a direction in the distance, as he could clearly sense the summoning coming from there! “Other wings of Shi Wu… There they are!”

Luo Feng was thrilled. It didn’t matter whether those wings belonged to Pei Xing Master or not. There was a summoning, so there were wings in that direction.

“Let’s go!” Luo Feng drove Boat of Mausoleum and raced toward along that direction.

Luo Feng understood that the sensing was mutual, and if the other side ran away, it would be a trouble for him. However, the other side didn’t know where the summoning came from. A great being in the three Lands of Extremis would only think of it as an opportunity, so they wouldn’t run! Besides, Luo Feng was closer to the exit, while the other side was farther away. Even if he was trying to run, Luo Feng could stop him!

Luo Feng dashed toward the other side with his craving for those wings.

The waves were tumbling and sweeping through the area. The space was annihilated every time it was hit.

A strange, three-level tower was on the waves.

“That direction…” All four faces of Pei Xing Master looked confused. “My wings?”

The black wings on his back were trembling.

“Summoning! Something’s calling me!” Pei Xing Master was excited. “Am I really that lucky? I’ve stayed in the holy universe for 18 eras, and my chance comes right after entering Universe Ocean?”

In the holy land, Pei Xing Master had heard a great deal about the dangers and opportunities in the three Lands of Extremis! He’d been expecting the chance for a long time, especially after hearing that a brat who had only practiced for fewer than 20 eras had obtained the Duan Dong River inheritance that even the ancestor wanted.

“Humph! With my power, as long as I don’t meet a universe supreme master, I’ll be safe.” Pei Xing Master was very confident. He had fought quite a few universe masters before, and even universe masters at top-tier level five couldn’t hurt him. “It’s in the inner area, so universe supreme masters shouldn’t be here. Even supreme masters need to show some respect for Purple Moon Holy Land.”

Pei Xing Master’s interest was piqued. He flew in that direction with his palace true treasure. The farther he flew, the more confident he got.

“Haha! The valuable summoning me is also flying toward me. It must be carried by a universe master, and that universe master also senses the summoning.” Pei Xing Master was content. “Based on his speed, he must be a universe master instead of a supreme universe master.”

Pei Xing Master grew more excited after confirming that the individual on the other side wasn’t a supreme universe master.

They could feel each other, and they were racing toward each other as fast as possible.

“Only the stronger one can win. The stronger one will get the valuable.” Pei Xing Master was growing more and more excited. “I just left the holy land, and I’ll be renowned in Universe Ocean!”

Universe masters from holy lands thought differently, as they had eternal lives. Some loved adventures, some loved killing, and some wanted to be renowned in Universe Ocean like Pei Xing Master. It was quite normal for universe masters to have such thoughts.

“Sheesh… They’re coming really fast. Great!” Luo Feng accelerated his Boat of Mausoleum. The wings on his back were shaking vigorously, and the calling was getting stronger and stronger. “It saves me time. I’ll kill you instantly.”

Sparing this being’s life? Luo Feng didn’t even consider it.

Since the Purple Moon Holy Land had already given a killing order, he didn’t need to show any mercy to their beings.

More than 20 years passed, and they got closer and closer to each other. The calling was driving both of them mad.

“Incredible, incredible.” Pei Xing Master felt that the four wings were trying to fly away. The summoning made Pei Xing Master’s godly body tremble. “What kind of valuables have such strong summoning? Are my wings parts of a supreme true treasure?”

Pei Xing Master was excited. Ah! he thought. Could I have such a great chance, too?

“If even that human Luo Feng can get the Duan Dong River inheritance. Why can’t I get a supreme true treasure? The individual on the other side only has a component, so he might not have realized how precious it is.”

Pei Xing Master’s heart was racing. They were drawing closer to closer to each other.

In the sky above the mountains, two traces of light flew toward each other—one from the left and one from the right.

“Here it comes.” Pei Xing Master was ready to attack. “I’ll stay in my true treasure palace first. I just entered Universe Ocean, and I rarely show my true treasure palace. Few know about it. If I show my palace, he’ll know that I’m good at binding and that he won’t be able to get away if he’s trapped. He might fly away now.”

“I’ll show my true self later,” said Luo Feng. “He might run away if he sees my face. Though I can trap him with Golden Country and Snow Sand Ocean, it’ll still take me a lot of time. I might as well save some time. Such a competitor! I might just give him a quick death.”

Luo Feng stayed in the white boat and didn’t leave.

They kept approaching each other.

Just when the two true treasure palaces were only a billion kilometers away from each other—

Hong!

Pei Xing master with four faces and 16 arms had his four black wings wide open and appeared in the space. He thought it was close enough.

Chapter 1331

“There is no escape for you!” said Pei Xing Master as he looked at the white jade boat in the distance away. He was filled with fighting spirit, and the four black wings on his back were shooting out five streams of light rays, representing the five laws of gold, wood, water, fire, and earth. The might of these five light rays soared up high in the sky—high like a rainbow—and immediately moved over to enshroud the white jade boat in the distance.

From Pei Xing Master’s point of view, even if the other party stayed hidden within the palace true treasure, he would still be able to trap him by using a restraining technique. Then he could direct the other party to some extremely dangerous environment within the internal domain of Tilted Peak Sector, where he could make use of it to kill the other party. Then the treasure would be without a master. Just the beckoning of mutual attraction between the treasure and him would bring it flying over to him.

“My precious.” Pei Xing Master was looking forward to laying his hands on the treasure.

“Pei Xing Master!” shouted a voice.

“Huh?” Pei Xing Master was shocked. Suddenly, something felt wrong. He could see the white jade boat stopping too, and walking out of it was a man with six silver wings.

Pei Xing Master momentarily rejoiced at the sight of the six silver wings; his wings were originally silver, too. But when he saw the man… his expression changed instantly.

Human. Black hair. Silver wings. It only took a fleeting moment for a name to surface in his mind—Luo Feng!

The one person he was most jealous of! How could he not recognize him?

Without a palace type supreme true treasure in hand, any universe master who crossed paths with Luo Feng had no chance of survival.

“No!” Pei Xing Master turned around and flew straight into the three-story minaret behind him.

He knew there was no escape. But he was reluctant to admit it! He had been in the holy land universe for as long as 18 reincarnation eras—a very long time. And finally, he had made it here to the Universe Ocean. He felt that his name had just started to make an impact within Universe Ocean, so he couldn’t bear the thought of dying now. Although he knew he could not escape, he still longed to run away. He would try his very best to hang on to even the slightest hope of survival.

“Why are you trying to escape?” Luo Feng shook his head. “How nice if we could have a conversation.”

Luo Feng stretched out his left hand, and in the middle of his palm was a miniature Star Tower.

Hua!

Star Tower flew out and expanded rapidly. A deep abyss black hole appeared at the base level and took aim at the faraway Pei Xing Master. An incomparably strong suction power was directly exerted over Pei Xing Master, causing Pei Xing Master—who had previously been flying toward the three-story minaret right next to him—to instantly let out an anguished howl.

Pei Xing Master, void of any strength for resistance, was pulled toward Star Tower.

“Why—why can’t you give me a chance? Give me a chance for survival!” Pei Xing Master did not even have the motivation to put up a struggle anymore. Previously, he was still hopeful that Luo Feng would not execute any of his killer moves. Then with that little amount of time, he could perhaps try to make a hasty escape.

From a universe master’s point of view, being sucked into Star Tower was an absolute nightmare! He had not expected Luo Feng to execute such a killer move the moment he arrived.

“You are so cooperative,” said Luo Feng. “If only you weren’t from Purple Moon Holy Land, I might still spare your life. What a pity that you are from Purple Moon Holy Land. Your only option is annihilation.”

Luo Feng shook his head. Star Tower, originally exerting a suction force, was instantly driven to the fourth layer of secret engravings by Luo Feng and started executing the technique of “Smashing.”

To make things efficient, Luo Feng also executed Extermination!

Hong!

With extreme might, Star Tower bombarded Pei Xing Master’s four-faced head at lightning speed. Pei Xing Master had 16 arms, and all 16 tried to stop Star Tower at the same time. Unfortunately, they were instantly smashed to ashes, and Star Tower continued smashing all the way to the head of Pei Xing Master. Shortly after…

Peng!

Complete annihilation.

Using power that was at the eighth tier as the top level against Pei Xing Master was immensely effective. He had just come out of his holy land universe without any pinnacle true treasure armor, and his defense level of godly power was barely comparable to a power that was at fourth-tier as the top level. He was simply too weak. Pei Xing Master’s only merit was his ability to restrain. His combat power, defense ability, and other forms of abilities were only at the fourth-tier standard; he was only good at restraining and escaping. These two skills were considered to be at the fifth-tier standard but were not enough to be considered as the fifth-tier as the top standard yet. So by using an eighth-tier as the top level power to kill a universe master who only wielded a fourth-tier as the top level power, the difference was four levels apart.

It was akin to a fifth-stage top-tier existence (like Primal Chaos City Leader) killing a first-stage top-tier existence (like someone who had just become a universe master, whose life gene was merely at 100 times, and who owned true treasures of inferior quality— theoretically speaking, the weakest kind of universe master). Of course, with one swift move, it was an instant kill! After all, it was an attack with a strength that was similar to that used to attack Great Thunder Star Master. Using power at this level to attack a universe master whose defense standard was only at the level of the fourth tier as the top level… Naturally, the task was a piece of cake.

One smash from Star Tower, and instant annihilation was achieved.

Various kinds of true treasures—like a suit of armor, wings, and a three-story minaret—were left floating about the surroundings.

Sou!

Two pairs of wings that had turned back to silver wings instantly transformed into silver light and flew to Luo Feng without further ado.

“Keep.”

With a wave of his hand, Luo Feng claimed the two pair of wings and all other true treasures that had once belonged to Pei Xing Master. For the time being, he was not keen to look into what kind of treasures Pei Xing Master had. After all, how many precious treasures could someone who had just come out of a holy land universe possibly have? To be able to own two pairs of wings was already quite impressive.

“Wings.”

Luo Feng caught hold of the two pairs of wings that were flying toward him. With a grin, he flew back into his little, white jade boat. Shi Wu Wings were a super strong treasure. The combination of the wings exuded an aura with an oppressive force that was extremely strong. It would be better for him to experiment within the Boat of Mausoleum.

Purple Moon Holy Land universe.

“No! Luo Feng!” A bitter and shrill roar was heard, then Pei Xing Master’s avatar, sustained by his godly power, instantly disappeared.

The guards that were standing outside the palace were shocked. Their noble universe master—what had happened? His avatar, sustained by his godly power, had disappeared?

Annihilated?

“Huh?”

In the core region of Purple Moon Holy Land universe—where the universe origin was—a purple figure turned around to look into the distance. His gaze bore through the obstructions in time and space to look at the palace. After all, this was his miniature universe. Everything that happened in this miniature universe, so long as he had the intention of looking into them, could bring about the reversal of time and space to investigate anything that happened.

He held Luo Feng in high regard. Besides, a universe master under his command had been annihilated, and before he was annihilated, he had shouted Luo Feng’s name. Of course, this would raise concern.

“Pei Xing? Annihilated? By Luo Feng?” Purple Moon Ancestor immediately sent his command via voice transmission. “Jue Hua!”

“Ancestor.”

Within his own godly palace, Jue Hua True God suddenly heard a voice ringing in his mind, without further ado, he responded with deference.

Purple Moon Ancestor continued to give his command. “Pei Xing Master has been annihilated, most likely when attacked by Luo Feng. Send my orders… All of my universe masters who are within the surroundings of Pei Xing Master’s residence must exercise extreme vigilance.”

Jue Hua True God was shocked beyond words. Pei Xing Master was supposed to be in Tilted Sector Region, was he not? And Luo Feng should have been in the Universe Boat, right? Yes, Luo Feng had been missing, without a trace, for a long time. When considering the fastest speed a universe master could travel at, he would most likely make it to the region where Pei Xing Master’s place of residence was. Without further ado, he replied, “Yes, Ancestor. I will transmit your orders right away.”

The black, little boat was advancing through space at high speed. Obviously, that was Luo Feng, who had once again changed the color of his Boat of Mausoleum.

The reaction that Purple Moon Holy Land would give in response to Pei Xing’s annihilation was not Luo Feng’s concern. Right now, his focus was entirely on his Shi Wu Wings.

Hong! Long! Long!

Amidst the space of inheritance and within the Boat of Mausoleum, Luo Feng looked up into the sky and saw five huge, outspread wings having a whale of a time. The five pairs of wings were crazily connecting and corresponding with one another, exuding bouts of oppressive force. The oppressive force was getting stronger with the passage of time—even stronger than any other supreme true treasures like Black Prison Tower, Yan Jun Rod, or Great Thunder’s battle armor. It was stronger than everything else Luo Feng had encountered so far.

“Only five pairs of wings, yet the oppressive force was so ridiculously strong. How precious indeed.”

Luo Feng was in awe.

Everything was within his expectations. After all, the two pairs of wings were only inferior to a supreme true treasure, so what if there were three pairs? Or four pairs? Or even five or six pairs? According to Luo Feng’s speculations, it should have been higher than an ordinary supreme true treasure by several levels. After all, these two pairs alone were only second to a supreme true treasure. So, theoretically speaking, three pairs of wings that corresponded to one another should already possess the power of a supreme true treasure.

In midair, the evolution was still in progress. Internally, the five pairs of wings were continuously evolving and combining, which might bring about the integration of various secret engravings to form a more extensive and complex diagram of secret engravings. Then, finally, everything came to a rest.

“Shi Wu Wings.” Luo Feng pointed afar, and his godly power was immediately infused into the wings. “Huh?” he whispered. “Indeed, there are injuries.”

He would not have known if he had not made the comparison. Compared to the previous two pairs of wings, which had been restored after absorbing the internal blade energy of the ‘origin,’ these two new pairs of wings were obviously one notch lower. Especially when godly power was circulating within the two pairs of wings… their powers were obviously greatly reduced.

“The last time, a large amount of internal blade energy of the ‘origin’ was consumed, I was hoping this time would be more energy-saving. And also, the sixth pair of wings is yet to be found.” Luo Feng sighed.

Hong!

Luo Feng had placed the origin within the first pair of wings of Shi Wu Wings. At that moment, as he manipulated the two new pairs of wings into absorbing energy, a tremendous amount of blade energy with extremely terrifying power suddenly came gushing out from the inside the origin.

Streams of blade rays visible to the naked eye came surging out from within. These blade rays were circulating in continuous motion about the surface of Shi Wu Wings—especially before the third and fourth pairs of wings—like water flowing through a dry riverbed. The moment these circulating blade rays touched the two pairs of wings, they would be swallowed.

“I will need to wait slowly.” Luo Feng sat down right away, cross-legged, and waited quietly.

He was experienced. The previous time, to restore the two pairs of wings, swallowing energy from the origin had taken around half a day.

Time passed. After around 35 hours, the frightening ripples within the upper space started to disperse and finally, everything stopped. It was essential to know that every blade ray wielded an attack that was more terrifying than an attack by any universe supreme master. Even a pinnacle palace true treasure, upon being attacked by a blade ray, would be shattered and reduced to ashes. How strong such a ripple was!

“Shi Wu, how much energy from the origin have you consumed?” Luo Feng asked right away.

“Previously, I consumed about two-tenths,” Shi Wu replied. “This time around, the amount should also be around two-tenths.”

Luo Feng heaved a sigh of relief. Still acceptable.

Internally, the amount of blade storm energy of the origin left was still around six-tenths! With only the last pair of wings left, even if it required restoration, there should have been enough energy.

The energy within the origin was infused by an existence that far exceeded a universe supreme master. Whether it exceeded it by one level or even more than one level, one thing was for sure: It was definitely above that of a universe supreme master! Such an existence facilitated the conversion of conserved energy within the origin. It was absolutely the greatest trump card anyone could own. It might have been the most terrifying trump card possible.

Unconsciously, the energy that dispersed in all directions would sweep up everything in its path. It would destroy pinnacle palace true treasures, and if all of this energy were gathered at one point, any supreme true treasure in its way was destined for destruction. Especially when it was executed through blades. Then it would be even more terrifying.

All this while, Luo Feng still had not used it. While he was in the primal universe, he could not bear to use it; yet, when he was in Universe Ocean, there was no need for him to use it.

The primal universe had an ironclad law: Any attack executed by an individual great being, regardless of how powerful it was, would be suppressed to the level of sixth-tier as the top. And once there was an outburst of energy from the origin that originated from any great being, it would be suppressed by the law of the primal universe to the level of sixth-tier as the top. If that happened, Luo Feng would greatly regret this opportunity—would he not?

He might have suspected that the origin of the primal universe could be suppressed, but he was unwilling to take that gamble. After all, this origin within Universe Ocean was certainly powerful enough to sweep up everything.

However, in Universe Ocean, the appropriate opportunity was essential. After all, given Luo Feng’s current ability, he was capable of dealing with most of the dangers in his way.

“Come here!”

With a move of intention, the five pairs of wings rapidly descended from the sky above and integrated themselves onto Luo Feng’s back. With ten widespread wings on his back, Luo Feng activated his godly power.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Silver armor extended out of Shi Wu Wings and very quickly moved to entirely envelop Luo Feng.

“Battle armor? At the level of a supreme true treasure?”

Luo Feng was dumbfounded.

Chapter 1332

Luo Feng hadn’t expected to get his godly armor in this way, even though Peng Gong Master’s Yan Jun Rod and Huge Axe Creator’s godly axe could both extend and form armor! Luo Feng had owned three pairs of wings before, yet they didn’t extend to form armor, so he hadn’t expected this. Even though Pei Xing Master had black armor and black wings, Luo Feng hadn’t anticipated that the black armor was an extension of the wings.

The five pairs of wings merged with Luo Feng’s body. Under Luo Feng’s godly power, his wings extended, covered his body, and formed a suit of godly armor.

The spirit of Shi Wu transmitted a message in his mind. “Master, this is the subsidiary armor of Shi Wu Wings. It’s a supreme true treasure armor.”

The message amazed Luo Feng. “Supreme true treasure?”

“Shi Wu Wings were a machine type valuable used by a being much stronger than universe supreme masters,” said the spirit of Shi Wu, sounding upset. “Two pairs of wings are only inferior to supreme true treasures, and three pairs can already rival supreme true treasures. As for four pairs, they are already more powerful. The wings you have now are from the first, second, third, fourth, and sixth pair.”

Luo Feng nodded.

He had acquired the first, the second, and the sixth pair before. And he had seized the third and the fourth pair from Pei Xing Master. “Only adjacent wings can perfectly integrate with each other,” said the spirit of Shi Wu. “There are still some inconsistencies between the sixth pair and the first four pairs… The power can’t multiply well. However, the first four wings are already perfect. They definitely surpass ordinary supreme true treasures, and even the subsidiary armor can rival a supreme true treasure armor.”

Luo Feng rejoiced. He had seen the endless power in the wing space before, and he knew that Shi Wu Wing was extraordinary. With more and more wings being integrated, it was indeed getting stronger.

“Why couldn’t the first two wings form a suit of armor?” asked Luo Feng.

“Master, the wings of Shi Wu Wing have different functions,” replied the spirit of Shi Wu, continuing to send messages. “The first and the second pairs of wings are like the foundation—like the roots of a tree. They are the base. With other wings being integrated, other powers will come. I presume that the third to the fifth pair of wings have subsidiary powers, and the sixth pair is for attack!”

Luo Feng nodded. It made sense. The first and second pairs of wings were like the foundation of a skyscraper—the keel of a ship!

“I see. Attack type supreme true treasures can all extend to form armors!” Luo Feng exclaimed. “Machine type valuables are quite variable and have all sorts of uses! They’re also good at fighting those above their level! How can they not extend to form armor? I only have the armor now because this machine type valuable isn’t complete yet. Shi Wu, what’s the power of this godly armor? Be more specific.”

“Firstly, attacks under level eight can be completely neutralized by godly armors,” said the spirit of Shi Wu. “Attacks over level eight can be weakened to 1/1,000,000th. Besides, the godly armor has a high limit. At least no universe supreme masters can reach the limit.”

Luo Feng was amazed. Attacks under level eight can be completely neutralized? And attacks over level eight could be weakened to 1/1,000,000th? That wasn’t too amazing. After all, even Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor could weaken the power to 1/100,000th.

However, the limit couldn’t even be reached by universe supreme masters. What did it stand for? It meant the weakening power of 1/1,000,000th could be completely utilized! The more powerful an attack was, the less efficient the weakening power of an armor would be. If the enemy was too strong, it might only be able to weaken it to 1/1,000th, 1/100th, or lower, which made him more dangerous.

Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor was impressive at the universe master level. However, when fighting universe supreme masters, its limit would often be exceeded.

“1/1,000,000th? Perfectly utilized?” Luo Feng was shocked. “That means universe supreme masters who have supreme true treasure armors can never be killed by material attacks from other universe supreme masters! Right.”

Luo Feng nodded. It seemed to be true. Those with supreme true treasure armor couldn’t be killed by material attacks. Only some dangerous places in the Lands of Extremis could kill them. Teacher Origin was great at soul attacks at top-tier level ten!

“With that subsidiary armor, I won’t need to fear any material attacks anymore.” Luo Feng was the essence of confidence. “However, I can’t get trapped in a fight for too long.”

Attacks were different from defense. Attacks were aided by techniques and true treasures, and they had no upper limit! As for defense, it depended on the armor! Weapons could help sometimes, but the armor was the most vital part. If someone was too weak to defend himself, he had to resort to armor, as only armor could resist material attacks.

Even if the armor can weaken the power to 1/1,000,000th, my godly body will still be consumed, Luo Feng thought. Universe supreme masters have enormous godly bodies and high-level godly power… I have a small godly body and low-level godly power, and I need to maintain Duan Mie. If I get trapped in a long fight, I’ll be doomed.

Luo Feng understood that he needed to finish a fight quickly.

Compared to real universe supreme masters, one of his weaknesses was that he couldn’t get trapped in a long fight. Also, he couldn’t exceed the speed limit. Of course, he had Star Tower, Blood Shadow Blade, the subsidiary armor of Shi Wu Wings, and Boat of Mausoleum to make up for this.

The five wings were open and floating in front of Luo Feng.

He infused his godly power into the wings and studied Shi Wu Wings. He had found that his Shi Wu Wings were very special. Valuables like Star Tower or Black Prison Tower had many different levels of engravings, but his Shi Wu Wings were exceptional and only had four levels of engravings.

The first pair of wings contained the first level of engravings. The second pair contained the second level of engravings. And the fourth pair contained the fourth level of engravings.

There were only four levels. The first level was called space and time in chaos, and the second level was called Golden Country. The third level…

“The third level is beyond complicated.” Luo Feng frowned. He had already spent more than an era studying the engravings in the space of training. “It’s more complicated than the fifth level of engravings of Star Tower.”

That was how it was. As a machine type valuable, there were few levels of engravings, yet the quality was outstanding. Undying-level Luo Feng could have fully comprehended the first level easily.

As for the second level, he had practiced in Beast God Sector for more than 100,000 years and had reached universe master level on the engraving picture path before he had fully comprehended the second level and practiced Golden Country.

As for the third level, it was too complicated even for him. The gap between each level was exceedingly large.

But Luo Feng wouldn’t give up easily. He could sense that the subsidiary armor was only a side power. The engravings contained on the third wing were truly amazing, which was why he devoted lots of his energy to studying them.

Time passed.

Boat of Mausoleum started to leave Tilted Peak Sector. It spent around 300 years to do so, and 300 years was equivalent to 300 eras in the space of training!

Over the course of 300 eras, Luo Feng spent most of his energy studying the godly power path. As for the rest of his energy, he spent it on the third level of engravings of Shi Wu Wings…

“Too difficult… I can’t understand them. I can’t!”

Boat of Mausoleum flew out of Tilted Peak Sector. Luo Feng shook his head. “I think it’s as complicated as the sixth level of engravings of Star Tower.”

The sixth level of Star Tower was at top-tier level eight! Universe supreme masters like Great Thunder Star Master and Father God of the automaton race could understand the engravings at that level. As for those more powerful, like Huge Axe and First True Master, they could comprehend the engravings at top-tier level nine. Teacher Origin was able to comprehend those at top-tier level ten.

“I’m only a universe master. After I created a blade technique at top-tier level seven, I can comprehend engravings at top-tier level seven or level eight.”

Luo Feng understood that he needed to create superior blade techniques to fully comprehend the engravings at top-tier level eight. He needed a fundamental improvement. Could universe masters create blade techniques at level seven?

None of the great beings in Universe Ocean thought it was possible. However, those great beings also thought that universe masters couldn’t even create blade techniques at top-tier level six, yet the selection criterion for Duan Dong River inheritor was to create a blade technique at top-tier level six as a universe master.

“Based on the records, many talents from the ancient civilization created techniques at top-tier level six as universe masters. All the inheritors of Duan Dong River did that. Creating techniques at top-tier level seven as a universe master was rare in the ancient civilization, yet half the inheritors of Duan Dong River did that. Only two inheritors from Duan Dong River created techniques at level eight as universe masters, including the ancestral teachers.”

Luo Feng had made a decision. After creating Nirvana Incarnation, Luo Feng hadn’t created a better technique. He had much better training conditions after getting the inheritance, and it was likely that he could create a technique at top-tier level seven. He had to train himself as a potential talent like those from the ancient civilization.

“It might take me a long time to become a universe supreme master. I’ll try to improve my power as much as possible. I’ll let them know that after getting the inheritance from Duan Dong River, I can be their better even as a universe master.”

He then decided to temporarily give up comprehending the third level of engravings of Shi Wu Wings and to turn to the godly power path and blade technique creation.

“I can now…” In the chaos air, Luo Feng was driving Boat of Mausoleum and going to Universe Boat to get the valuables left by Jie Fan Zi. “I can totally go look for the last pair of wings. One pair has a very short detection distance. Two pairs of wings can detect through dozens of light years. Three pairs of wings… When I first detected Pei Xing Master, we flew toward each other for around 20 years. The distance must have been thousands of light years, and the summoning was very strong, which means three pairs of wings can detect 10,000 light years.

“That means… For each additional pair of wings, the detection distance must be 1,000 times farther. Four pairs of wings can probably detect tens of millions of light years, and five pairs of wings can probably detect billions of light years.”

Luo Feng was thrilled, as a miniature universe only had a diameter of 100 million light years. The three Lands of Extremis were only 100 million light years. The holy lands were larger but were still only at billions of light years.

“If the last pair of wings is hidden in one of the miniature universes, I’ll be able to sense it if I fly closer to those miniature universes.”

Luo Feng grew even more excited. He only had the last pair of wings left for Shi Wu Wings.

“I’ll go find where the last pair is.”

Luo Feng couldn’t resist the temptation anymore. He immediately drove Boat of Mausoleum and flew toward the nearest miniature universe.

As for valuables left by Jie Fanzi, he would deal with those after getting the sixth pair of wings.

Chapter 1333

The younger a miniature universe was, the closer it was to the original universe, like Primal Chaos City Leader’s, Teacher Origin’s, and Bug Empress’s. They were all very close to the original universe. The miniature universes from the second universe era were farther from the original universe; those from the first universe era were even farther, and the two holy lands were quite distant from the original universe!

“This is the 18th miniature universe I have inspected.” Luo Feng looked at the towering small universe in front of him. The ten silver wings were all wide open, yet he couldn’t sense the calling. “There aren’t any here.”

He shook his head. Fortunately, he had separated a pair of wings and disowned them. After all, the golden horned beast carrying that pair of wings with no master entered the original universe. Luo Feng was staying outside the original universe. He could clearly sense it, even with the entire original universe in the way.

Apparently, the universe couldn’t block the sensing.

“The universe can’t even block the sensing from a communications token, not to mention that of Shi Wu Wings, and it turns out to be true.” Luo Feng looked to the other side. In the distance was the original universe. It seemed to cover half the Universe Ocean. “I’m closer to other small universes. I might just go there.”

Shua!

Luo Feng teleported and disappeared.

In the primal secret region in the human territory, the Remote Ocean seemed tranquil. The waves were almost invisible. However, Remote Ocean was so enormous that those negligible waves were tens of kilometers tall. A silver-armored man walked on the waves, smiling at the space and shouting, “Teacher!”

Primal Chaos City Leader showed up. “You have come back so soon.”

“Teacher,” said Luo Feng. “Teacher rejected my gift because I didn’t have a supreme true treasure armor. Now, I’m handing you the gift again.”

Star Tower showed up beside him, and Great Thunder Godly Armor flew out of the side gate.

“You mean…” Primal Chaos City Leader was shocked. He knew what Luo Feng meant.

“I got a supreme true treasure armor.” Luo Feng smiled. He infused his godly power into the silver armor on his back, and an ancient yet powerful force permeated. It was even stronger than Yan Jun Rod and Black Prison Tower, as the silver armor was part of his Shi Wu Wings.

That power came from the newly integrated Shi Wu Wing. He only triggered a portion of its power, and it was already this powerful. If he actually triggered all of it, it would be beyond imagination. This was within Remote Ocean, so the force was suppressed so that the great beings outside the ocean wouldn’t know about it.

“This armor?” Primal Chaos City Leader felt the force, and he stopped the hesitation. He just got more shocked. “Where, where did you get it?”

There were only a certain number of supreme true treasures in Universe Ocean. A new supreme true treasure from the three Lands of Extremis? Even if there was one newly born, it must have been born in the core area—yet Luo Feng didn’t go to the core area at all.

“There’s no need for further questions.” Luo Feng smirked. “I have armor now. There should be no excuse for saying no to my gift.”

Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng and could feel his passion. “Okay, I’ll take it. However, the human race is in a much better situation now. Even if the situation gets worse, it’s just going to be some conflicts between the two teams. From now on, don’t give the valuables you obtain after hard work.

Luo Feng nodded. That sounded right. Even those who were powerful found it difficult to attain supreme true treasure. For universe supreme masters, it might be possible for them to defeat other supreme masters, yet it was difficult for them to kill other supreme masters. He only got the subsidiary armor from the extension of Shi Wu Wing.

“Teacher, I still have something to deal with. I should go now,” said Luo Feng.

“Go ahead.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded and watched Luo Feng leave.

Primal Chaos City Leader saw the floating Great Thunder Godly armor emanating ancient power, and he couldn’t help thinking in amazement that this disciple of his had indeed become an incredible talent after entering Universe Ocean, opposite to being merely an ordinary talent within the human race when he was only in the original universe.

Even Primal Chaos City Leader had to admit that, after getting the Duan Dong River inheritance, Luo Feng—instead of him—held the most important role in the human race.

“He’s like Teacher Origin who led the race to its rise,” Primal Chaos City Leader whispered. “He’s even more glorious than Teacher Origin. There will be an actual peerless being that was born in the human race…”

Hong!

Luo Feng flew out of the membrane of the original universe.

“I’ll go to the 21st miniature universe!”

Luo Feng had just traveled across the entire original universe. It would take too long a time to go around the original universe, yet he could use god country transportation within the original universe.

“Where are the last pair of wings?” he whispered. “Are they in one of the other two Lands of Extremis?”

Each Land of Extremis was around 100 million square light years. If the last pair was in any of the Lands of Extremis, Luo Feng should have been able to sense them if he was in it. He could now confirm that they weren’t in Tilted Peak Sector. Instead of rushing to the other two Lands of Extremis, he went to check all the miniature universes.

Time passed. It took Luo Feng two years to travel from one miniature universe to another.

Hong!

A silver-armored being appeared in the chaos air and clenched his teeth. “I’ve searched all the miniature universes from the three universe eras, and none of them have the wings! They’re either in the other two Lands of Extremis or the holy lands… I won’t let you go.”

Luo Feng was indeed upset that he had searched for so long but couldn’t find anything.

“Purple Moon Holy Land is the closest one.” Luo Feng immediately flew toward Purple Moon Holy Land.

It took him nine days in Universe Ocean.

“Purple Moon Holy Land.”

Luo Feng stood in space, surrounded by chaos air. The giant celestial body in front of him was Purple Moon Holy Land. It was much larger than the miniature universes he had checked before. All the miniature universes from the three universe eras had a diameter of 100 million light years, yet Purple Moon Holy Land had a diameter of 2.1 billion light years.

“I’ll search it first.” Luo Feng teleported and got closer.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

He teleported several times outside Purple Moon Holy Land. He wasn’t sure what the limit of the sensing distance of the five pairs of wings would be when facing such an enormous miniature universe, which was why he had selected several spots for sensing. As he approached the miniature universe—100 million light years away— Luo Feng turned around and looked at his back.

The ten silver wings were open and quivering.

It seemed that a summoning was coming from Purple Moon Holy Land.

“Summoning!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed and gazed at the gigantic Purple Moon Holy Land in front of him. “The sixth pair is in Purple Moon Holy Land!”

He had been craving for them for a long time. He wanted to dash in, but he wasn’t stupid enough to do so.

“Motherf*cker!” Luo Feng clenched his teeth. He hadn’t sworn for eras, yet he couldn’t help doing it now. “Why is it in Purple Moon Holy Land? How come? No matter which miniature universe the wings are in, I might be able to get them. Even if it were in Eastern Emperor Holy Land, there would still be hope, but Purple Moon Holy Land…!”

Luo Feng was furious. Purple Moon Holy Land was his mortal enemy now. They had even tried to help other powers in the original universe to suppress the humans, and they had never even attempted to negotiate with him. Besides, he had just killed Pei Xing Master and seized two pairs of wings from him!

“Weird. Pei Xing Master had two pairs. Why didn’t he find the last pair?”

Luo Feng frowned. The sensation power of two pairs was nothing compared to five pairs—only tens of light years. Purple Moon Holy Land had a diameter of 2.1 billion light years, and it had many independent space dimensions. It seemed that the last pair must be in a space where Pei Xing Master had never visited.

No matter what, I can confirm that the last pair of wings is in Purple Moon Holy Land, thought Luo Feng. Besides, that pair of wings has always been in this holy land. There are two possibilities. One, it’s owned by a weak being like an undying fighter or universe knight who isn’t qualified to leave the holy land. Two, some great being put it in its storage.

Nobody had ever seen that wing true treasure in Universe Ocean. After all, one pair was only an ordinary true treasure. Universe masters looked down on true treasures at that level.

“I’m in trouble now.”

Luo Feng started to head to Universe Boat. It was time for him to get valuables of Jie Fan Zi. At the same time, he contacted Primal Chaos City Leader through the virtual universe.

“Teacher, I still have one component for my wing valuable—as in, the last pair of wings! Besides, I know that the last pair is in Purple Moon Holy Land! I can’t do anything about it. Can someone from Hong Alliance help me get it? After all, it’s only a pair of wings, which is at the ordinary true treasure level. Chances are, Purple Moon Holy Land has no idea how precious they are.”

“The last pair of wings?” Primal Chaos City Leader was anxious, too. “Purple Moon Holy Land… That’s indeed a handful. Leave it to me. There are many great beings in the Hong Alliance, so they might succeed. However, those wings have never been out of Purple Moon Holy Land, so I can’t say for sure.”

“It’s better than nothing,” said Luo Feng. “I can’t do anything about it. Teacher, I’ll go to Universe Boat now.”

“Just go and get the valuables of Jie Fanzi. You’ve tried multiple times already,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

He would leave this issue to the Hong Alliance.

Luo Feng stopped thinking about it and headed off to Universe Boat for the valuables of Jie Fanzi

Chapter 1334

On board his Boat of Mausoleum, Luo Feng entered the internal region of Universe Boat, persevering through numerous terrifying, dangerous domains. Although he was not afraid, he exercised vigilance and kept himself obscured so that he could grab hold of the opportunity when the great beings from Purple Moon Holy Land unintentionally made a careless move. The moment he discovered one, he would make use of Star Tower to capture that great being right away—mercilessly! This way, not only could he teach those from Purple Moon Holy Land a good lesson, but he could also seize their true treasures.

It was a good idea. The only problem was, even after he had spent close to 900 years traveling to finally reach the domain where the space of the cyan secret chamber was, there was not a single time along the way when he discovered any great being from Purple Moon Holy Land.

“Purple Moon Holy Land is very careful and vigilant. It has been such a long journey, yet not once have I encountered anyone. Seems like the universe masters inside the Universe Boat have all hidden themselves with care.”

Luo Feng could not help lamenting as he shook his head. After all, the Universe Boat was extremely broad, and he had been advancing at a high rate of speed to look around. If his opponent was moving about ostentatiously, he might have discovered them somehow. But if his opponent was cautiously hiding from him, there was no way he could find them anywhere.

Looking ahead into the vast space, he had already arrived at the domain where the space of the cyan token secret chamber was.

Hong!

The small, greenish-black ship shot ahead very quickly. For being able to arrive within a time of close to 900 years, much credit was due to the Boat of Mausoleum. With it, Luo Feng traversed many dangerous lands by charging his way through with brute force. Even supreme true treasures that could resist a certain amount of danger would be burdened by terrifying environments. Yet the Boat of Mausoleum was very stable, which was why Luo Feng could solely depend on it. Along the way, Luo Feng had specially sought lands that were birthplaces of treasures and was lucky enough to obtain some ordinary pinnacle true treasures, two top-tier true treasures, and a senior true treasure.

Once, during a conversation, Primal Chaos City Leader had told Luo Feng, “The Boat of Mausoleum cannot be shaken. Within the three most dangerous lands, 90 percent of the terrifying dangers had no effect on it. Only the core region is likely able to stop it in its path… Solely relying on this Boat of Mausoleum to search for treasures, your efficiency rate will be higher than any other great being.”

“Riding Boat of Mausoleum to roam the three most dangerous lands, I will be able to seek out and obtain many true treasures. How wonderful.”

Luo Feng was inside his Boat of Mausoleum, looking far into the distance at the numerous buildings suspended on huge leaves. He drew nearer to try to feel the place out.

“After I obtain the treasures from Jie Fanzi’s legacy, I will roam the three most dangerous lands.”

Roaming the three most dangerous lands only required a trace of his consciousness. He mainly focused his spiritual energy on cultivation. After two days, Luo Feng found the secret chamber within the space of the cyan token’ that belonged to him.

“This is the one.”

The little, greenish-black boat reduced speed and slowly descended on a huge leaf. The cabin doors opened. Luo Feng walked out and raised his head to look at the building before him.

“The secret chamber of the black token and the secret chamber of the cyan token are both so lacking in aesthetics.”

With a wave, Luo Feng put away the Boat of Mausoleum. Then he slowly walked toward the ancient building. The moment his body touched it, he felt as though he had touched the surface of water; he penetrated right through to enter the internal space of the secret chamber.

Luo Feng appeared in midair and looked ahead. Amidst the void space, there were nine huge, blazing fireballs, each bigger than any ordinary star by 1,000 times. These nine fireballs were suspended high within the void space, and they were moving in a circular motion.

In the middle of the area they encircled was a suspended continent.

“Hmm?” Luo Feng stood within the void space. With a move of his mind, all ten wings on his back spread wide, and a blurry, golden light radiated outward. In an instant, the entire space was enshrouded, and everything within it fell under his control.

Just one look, and Luo Feng’s expression revealed his surprise.

With one step forward, he teleported himself over to the continent. The expanse of the landform was vast. He stood on a deserted land of sandstones and looked up toward the sky, where he could see light rays produced by the nine blazing fireballs being projected onto the land. They intertwined to form a picture scroll containing characters that were made up of fire snakes. The scroll was densely covered with a mass of characters that Luo Feng was not familiar with, yet every character contained ripples that transmitted information, so Luo Feng had no trouble understanding the text.

“I, Jie Fanzi, am a special life form, I became an undying cultivating the water law and have been cultivating since I became a universe supreme master. After I became a universe supreme master… one fine day, while I was living a peaceful life on a certain planet, I was struck by a sudden thought. On this life planet, life required water to survive, so water was the origin of life. But the entire planet needed to rely on the heat of the stars to absorb energy for all life forms to grow.

“The water law and fire law. These are not as simple as how we have all used to comprehend. They were not as simple as two individual laws. Water and fire both involve the origin of life—the origin of all forms of life and the origin of reproduction. Therefore, I have created my own studies, a new body of lost knowledge—Water and Fire Origins.

“I have traversed the primal universe, and when the primal universe came to an end, I moved on to observing Universe Ocean and comprehended two reincarnation eras… Water and Fire Origins was getting more complete, and I believe that if I had been given enough time, I would have been able to attain an even higher level in order to transcend reincarnation. But I did not have enough time… I may have achieved a combat power that was at tenth-tier as the top level, but still, I am not confident of achieving a breakthrough to transcend reincarnation. Water and Fire Origins was created with great efforts. After spending a long time—three reincarnation eras—I am most reluctant to see it disappear. My wish is that any later generations will be able to take on what I have comprehended and continue to pass down this legacy of mine.

“The nine fireballs in the surroundings of void space are unique objects from Tilted Peak Sector of the Universe Ocean. They are nine ‘iced crystals’ that have been transformed into nine fireballs by my Water and Fire Origins. They represented the peak of my accomplishment. Now that the nine fireballs have become one, their might should not be spread to the outside world.

“Under this great continent, there is a pinnacle palace true treasure. Inside the palace, you will find all the treasures I have left behind, and you will also find a low-to-high-level inheritance of the lost knowledge I have created. I truly hope that my descendants will not let my life’s work, my legacy, be lost for good.”

On the scroll high up in the sky, upon seeing the information that was transmitted via the characters made out of fire snakes, Luo Feng took in a deep breath. Tenth-tier as the top? Water and Fire Origins?

“Indeed, every generation will give rise to at least one peerless figure who is unparalleled in demeanor and talent,” said Luo Feng, in awe. “This Jie Fanzi actually possessed combat power at the tenth-tier as the top level. This would have been comparable to what Teacher Origin already achieved previously. He must be one of the greatest figures during his era. No wonder… No wonder he was so fixated on his legacy. It seems like his ‘Water and Fire Origins’ was indeed a body of lost knowledge that he had created and was incomparably proud of. This must be why he was so reluctant to see his efforts go down the drain and his legacy discontinued.”

Of course, in terms of talent, Jie Fanzi was still no match for Teacher Origin. After all, Teacher Origin had already attained the tenth-tier as the top level when he was still within the primal reincarnation era before being eternally suppressed. On the other hand, Jie Fanzi had taken a total of three full reincarnation eras to reach the tenth-tier as the top level.

However… Throughout the Universe Ocean—other than Teacher Origin and the ancestors of the two holy lands—the next-strongest in line today were all great beings at the level of ninth-tier as the top. This showed how talented Jie Fanzi really had been.

“Water and Fire Origins—the origin of life? The origin of all forms of life and of reproduction?” Even Luo Feng was touched when he learned all this.

Previously, the laws that he had cultivated, whether gold, wood, water, fire, or earth, were the most fundamental laws. Furthermore, he had always cultivated them as individual laws. Never had it crossed his mind that something as simple as an individual set of laws could contain the mystery of the origin of life.

If this body of lost knowledge was merely an ordinary kind of creation, then even if it were to be discontinued, there was no loss worth lamenting. But something as unique as Water and Fire Origins, which far surpassed what other supreme masters had created… Such a body of lost knowledge was truly something worth being proud of.

“A peerless figure in demeanor and talent,” Luo Feng lamented. “Yet he was gone, just like that, without even achieving a breakthrough of a reincarnation era. Transcending reincarnation. Oh, transcending reincarnation! How difficult it truly is! Keep!”

With a random flick of his hand, Star Tower flew up right away. Following the guidance of Luo Feng’s godly power, the nine huge fireballs high up in space were quickly sent right into Star Tower.

“Rise!” Luo Feng looked toward the continent at his side.

Hong! Long! Long!

The continent split apart, and a palace emerged from beneath. Sandstones separated into two sides, revealing a palace in its entirety.

Luo Feng sent a trace of his godly power penetrating through this palace, and soon enough, he had made this palace true treasure recognize him as its master.

“The treasures inside…”

After this pinnacle palace true treasure had recognized Luo Feng as its master, Luo Feng could quickly learn how many treasures were inside. After sorting and summing up everything, he had a clearer picture of the treasures Jie Fanzi had left behind. What he had summed up dealt Luo Feng with a good shock.

Although there were no supreme true treasures, this pile was still much more than what he had gained from killing Great Thunder Star Master (adding on the gains from sweeping through the miniature universe). There was a total of 32 pinnacle palace type and domain type true treasures. And a total of 91 ordinary pinnacle true treasures (top-tier domain type true treasures were considered to be on this level).

Ordinary top-tier true treasures, senior true treasures, and ordinary true treasures were very few. The total might have only added up to slightly more than 100. Perhaps these did not appeal much to Jie Fanzi, who was simply not interested in them.

As for the large amount of various precious treasures, materials for refining true treasures, treasures for restoring godly bodies, and treasures for increasing the amount of life genes… there were many of all these, too.

“Not even counting the supreme true treasures, these are already riches much greater than the entire wealth of my human race.”

Luo Feng was awestruck.

In fact, this was considered normal. The wealth of a race was mainly created by universe supreme masters. Supreme masters who were lone travelers—regardless of whether it was Jie Fanzi from eras ago, Sitting Mountain Guest, Shi Hu Island Leader, or several others of the current era—had no need to worry for any race. The treasures they obtained were theirs to keep, yet the treasures they had were in no way inferior to those owned by an entire race!

Jie Fanzi’s combat power was at the level of tenth-tier as the top. During his era, he had once swept through the entire Universe Ocean with his great might. His only problem was that he was obsessed with the Water and Fire Origins. He was very ambitious by nature. If he had put his heart into plundering, he would have gained even more treasures.

But the amount of treasures he had was considered normal, as he had been collecting for the long period of three reincarnation eras.

“So many treasures. Therefore, I will be able to repair the final injury on the white wings of my Shi Wu Wings.”

Luo Feng was happy when this realization dawned upon him. With a flip of his hand, a fist-sized, spherical crystal stone appeared in the middle of his palm. The spherical crystal stone stored a large amount of information, and all that information was what Jie Fanzi took great pride in—his Water and Fire Origins.

“Let’s take a look at this Water and Fire Origins.”

The moment Luo Feng laid eyes on it, he was immersed. He was pleasantly surprised at what he saw.

The knowledge of Water and Fire Origins was so mysterious and magical that it qualified to be ranked within the core inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River. The pity was, Jie Fanzi had only managed to comprehend the fundamentals of the lost knowledge of Water and Fire Origins. Yet even though the fundamentals were just built, the magical side of this lost knowledge could be subtly observed.

“According to what the lost knowledge of Water and Fire Origins describes…” Luo Feng said to himself. “Reaching the peak of this place, with a single move of intention, and taking the two origins, water and fire, as the core, I can instantly develop a true universe. When there is a war, the surroundings of my body can instantly become a true miniature universe. Forcing the enemies into this miniature universe, there will be no way they can survive, right?”

Chapter 1335

Luo Feng had been reading it for half a month, and he sighed, shaking his head, “What a shame. A peerless great being just died like that. If he’d had more time, he could’ve transcended incarnation and created another holy land. Unfortunately, that last step… He got stuck at the last step.”

It was almost impossible to transcend incarnation. Otherwise, there would have been more holy lands.

“Jie Fanzi only comprehended the most basic material of Water and Fire Origins. He hadn’t even fully comprehended it. If he had, he might have transcended incarnation already. If someone’s able to comprehend further, he’ll be incredible. If someone can fully comprehend the whole thing…!” Luo Feng could help but exclaim. It was a powerful and special technique that pointed to the origin.

Actually, even turning from true gods (universe supreme masters) to high-level beings didn’t involve universe origin mysteries like life reproduction. Jie Fanzi had tried to study techniques that were far beyond his level, so he had failed. He studied it for three universe eras and still failed.

“However… Jie Fanzi’s technique offers a unique path. After I become a true god, this Water and Fire Origins will be helpful to me on fire and water when I try to transcend incarnations.”

Since Luo Feng had obtained the inheritance from Duan Dong River, he knew exactly what he should do. He would become a true god following the godly power path! After becoming a true god, he would use all the ten basic laws—gold, wood, water, fire, mud, light, thunder, wind, time, and space—to condense a void space.

Water and Fire Origin could help a bit as well. Actually, starting from all the ten basic laws was the most efficient way! It was easier to use all ten basic laws. As for Jie Fanzi, he only used fire and water, so he had encountered too many obstacles and had finally died.

Luo Feng had collected many crystal balls and valuables, at the same time, the mind in the virtual universe also told Primal Chaos City Leader that happy surprise.

“Luo Feng, are you saying that Jie Fanzi alone had 32 pinnacle true treasure palaces? And he had 91 ordinary pinnacle true treasures?” Primal Chaos City Leader was astonished. “We didn’t even get that many true treasures from Thunderstorm Star! That’s far too many!”

“Jie Fanzi was at top-tier level ten!” Luo Feng exclaimed. “He left those valuables because he wanted me to spread the inheritance.”

Undying fighters could already practice inheritance. As long as someone fully comprehended the water law and fire law, he could start comprehending Water and Fire Origins. Based on the records, it was possible to reach the level of a limit universe supreme master. As for transcending incarnations? Jie Fanzi hadn’t succeeded, so that task fell on the shoulders of future generations.

“Jie Fanzi left so many true treasures so that future generations could continue his inheritance. We’ll definitely help.”

There were only 20 universe masters in the human race. It was more than enough.

“However, there will be more and more universe masters in the human race,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “We need to think about the future as well.”

“I’ll leave all that to you, Teacher.” Luo Feng smiled. “I’ll start practicing now and adventuring in the three Lands of Extremis. I’ll send those valuables back to the race shortly.”

A great being could only use a certain number of true treasures. Jie Fanzi had too many true treasures, so he could only leave them in the storage.

Luo Feng had obtained many true treasures this time, so he would leave several for himself, giving all four of his godly bodies better weapons and armors. However, he alone couldn’t use that many true treasures. He would rather leave them to his race, like Teacher Origin and Huge Axe Creator.

“I’ll start practicing now!” Luo Feng took a step forward and walked out of the green keepsake space. Then he started to tour the three Lands of Extremis by Boat of Mausoleum.

Time passed. 1,000 years, 10,000 years, 100,000 years…

Time passed silently, leaving no traces. During practice, a few thousand years was like a blink of an eye.

Boat of Mausoleum became a silver boat. Luo Feng took the silver boat to the Lands of Extremis. He was well aware that he couldn’t go too deep in the Lands of Extremis, so he only ventured into the inner area. Sometimes, he would tour around at the periphery of the core ground, but he wouldn’t go too deep.

Luo Feng’s chief intention was to practice rather than to adventure!

Tilted Peak Sector was mysterious and variable. Universe Boat was a machine type valuable, and there were billions of areas within it. There were still traces of an intact Universe Boat somewhere. But Flowing Level Mountain was like a maze.

Luo Feng went back to the original universe once to distribute the true treasures during his travels.

The 600,000th year after Luo Feng started to tour Universe Ocean, in Flowing Level Mountain.

Hong! Long! Long!

The water stretched through time and space, and on a stone amid the water stood three beings.

“It’s getting more and more dangerous!” a red rock life form roared. “A true treasure is about to be born.”

“We’ll see which one of us is more powerful after the true treasure is born.”

“It also depends on our power.”

All three universe masters were looking forward to it. They were all nervous, and there was dimming light around them. Apparently, there was a domain true treasure covering the entire area. However, the domain could only cover a certain area. It couldn’t cover the tumbling water. They couldn’t tell in advance when the true treasures would be born.

Hong! Long!

The water, which had been moving recklessly, suddenly started to move normally. The water started to gather and spin. It connected the sky and land, and there was a waterspout!

“It’s right there!”

All the universe masters burnt their godly power and put all their efforts.

Hong!

A white boat burst out of the waterspout, which astounded all three universe masters.

“It’s Milky Way Horde Leader!” shouted a black creature with many wrinkles on his face.

The rock great being and the double-faced, four-armed great being were both shocked—especially the double-faced, four-armed great being. He retreated into a palace true treasure and tried to run away.

A white boat? Rumor was spread through the three Lands of Extremis that a human universe master who drove a white boat had appeared in some places where true treasures were born and had seized the true treasures! The three Lands of Extremis were enormous, and true treasures could be born anywhere, yet Luo Feng had seized true treasures dozen of times. Luo Feng was as talented at seizing valuables as five universe supreme masters combined!

He was so efficient because of Boat of Mausoleum. He was able to enter some dangerous places and claim the true treasures when the great beings were still waiting outside.

The black creature with wrinkles and the rock life great being stood aside and glanced at the double-faced, four-armed being trying to flee. “Poor Yu Lan.”

Yu Lan Master was a universe master from Purple Moon Holy Land.

For the past 6,000 years, Milky Way Horde Leader had been journeying through the three Lands of Extremis. He sometimes appeared in Flowing Level Mountain, sometimes in Universe Boat, and other times in Tilted Peak Sector. He always showed up with a great shock. If he met a universe master from Purple Moon Holy Land, he would capture them immediately. Nobody knew whether he captured them or killed them.

In the 6,000 years after Luo Feng killed Pei Xing Master, he had captured three more universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land. Even though most universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land had returned to the holy land after the news, some universe masters were reluctant to retreat. Instead, they stayed out and simply tried to be careful.

“Yu Lan has being very careful, and he only showed up because a true treasure is about to be born. We didn’t expect that Milky Way Horde Leader would have his eyes on that true treasure as well… Milky Way Horde Leader must have been in the waters, so they couldn’t detect him. Now that he has emerged, it’s too late.”

The black, wrinkled creature and the rock life both sighed. Everyone knew that Milky Way Horde Leader wouldn’t attack universe masters if they didn’t mess with him. Milky Way Horde Leader only targeted those from Purple Moon Holy Land, the fire origin race, and the dragon rock race. Those from the fire origin race and the dragon rock race had already hidden in the miniature universes. Only those from Purple Moon Holy Land still dared to come out.

“Stop fighting, Yu Lan Master.” The white boat flew over, and a nine-story tower showed up and suddenly expanded. Yu Lan Master was trying to fly away from the abyss at the bottom of the tower.

Star Tower started to suck it in!

Yu Lan Master flew out of his true treasure palace and attempted to flee. “Milky Way Horde Leader, Milky Way Horde Leader! Purple Moon Holy Land won’t let you go! They never will!”

Luo Feng drove his Star Tower again and tried to absorb Yu Lan Master, who had previously targeted the true treasure palace.

“No!” Yu Lan Master tried to get out, but he was still being swallowed. He became smaller as he got closer to the bottom of Star Tower and then was completely swallowed.

A voice came from the white boat. “Two… Sorry, I’m passing by, but I’ll take the true treasure.”

The two universe masters standing at the top of the mountain were both humble. The white boat flew away.

The white boat became black once it flew away. Even its shape changed.

In the space of suppression of Star Tower, Yu Lan Master with two faces and four arms saw the three beings in the distance.

The other three universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land saw Yu Lan and walked forward.

“Yu Lan! Why are you here?”

“Yu Lan! How were you captured?”

A white-caped being appeared in the space of suppression. It was a young man with black hair.

“Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“Luo Feng.”

All four universe masters, including Yu Lan, glared at him.

The white-caped man shook his head and sighed. “Don’t look at me like that. It’s not that I want to kill you. It’s that your ancestor refuses to save you. Don’t blame me.”

Chapter 1336

Luo Feng didn’t kill any of the universe masters captured.

He knew clearly that even if he killed them, there would be universe-masters-to-be who would become universe masters in no time. Purple Moon Holy Land was far younger than Eastern Emperor Holy Land and didn’t have that many universe-masters-to-be, but it could definitely have eight to ten more universe masters, so Purple Moon Holy Land wouldn’t be affected at all. He figured he might as well just keep them as leverage against Purple Moon Holy Land.

“It’s only a pair of wings, so it’s only an ordinary true treasure to Purple Moon Holy Land. I can’t believe your ancestor isn’t even willing to trade it for four universe masters.” Luo Feng shook his head and exclaimed. “He’s ruthless, too ruthless! He doesn’t even care about you.”

All four universe masters were enraged.

“Milky Way Horde Leader,” said North Qu Master, who was the most powerful out of the four captured. “Don’t waste your energy and time. Purple Moon Ancestor is our ancestor, so nobody dares to disobey his orders. He already knows you want that pair of wings, so no matter how many universe masters you capture, you won’t be able to trade us for that pair of wings.”

“Don’t even think about it, Luo Feng!” Yu Lan Master yelled. “Our ancestor has already told us to go back to the holy land if we can’t guarantee survival. We didn’t do so, which is why he doesn’t care about our lives. You want your wings? Impossible!”

Luo Feng shook his head and sighed. “It’s not necessary. It’s just a pair of wings, and it’s not going to help much with my power. Four universe masters aren’t enough for one pair of ordinary true treasure wing.”

“That’s not an ordinary true treasure!” yelled Yu Lan instead. “It’s a component of an exceptional true treasure from the ancient civilization.”

“Ah…” Luo Feng sighed. “Then you can just wait here.”

Luo Feng then disappeared.

The four universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land exchanged glances. They looked around the desert space, disappointed—angry yet helpless.

Luo Feng kept touring the three Lands of Extremis in Boat of Mausoleum. He had no idea what to do.

“The last pair of Shi Wu Wings…!” Luo Feng exclaimed. “It’s almost impossible to get them.”

Based on what the captured universe masters had said, when he was sensing the wings outside Purple Moon Holy Land, a universe knight in Purple Moon Holy Land with wings also sensed that his wing was quivering. He was staying in an independent space of the Purple Moon Holy Land. Besides, the sensing distance was very large —possibly 100 million light years.

That universe knight was dazed! If he could sense it from such a distance, it must have been an exceptional true treasure, which he, as a knight, was not qualified to be a part of. He immediately reported it to his teacher, Feng Hao Master.

Feng Hao Master started to raise questions and asked many universe masters about who had felt the sensing lately. After all, they all belonged to the same power, so it was a win-win. However, he didn’t find anyone with another component.

Purple Moon Holy land was the master of the holy land, so he knew everything that happened in the holy universe. Naturally, he knew about the wing, as well. He didn’t care about it that much, at first. Afterward, some great beings in the holy land traded away some ordinary true treasures using some secret techniques with those in Universe Ocean.

With everything combined, and after Purple Moon Ancestor did some further research, he had a much better grasp of the whole picture.

First off, Pei Xing Master had been killed by Luo Feng. However, Luo Feng had been in Universe Boat before, but Pei Xing Master was in Tilted Peak Sector. They were very far from each other. However, as soon as Luo Feng killed Great Thunder Star Tower, he must have headed to Tilted Peak Sector at the fastest speed possible and killed Pei Xing Master. Strangely, there were quite a few universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land in both Tilted Peak Sector and Flowing Level Mountain, and many of them had powerful true treasures. Why would Luo Feng go and kill a new universe master, Pei Xing Master? The time and the choice of victim both indicated that Luo Feng had been targeting Pei Xing Master! Pei Xing Master happened to have two pairs of wings!

Second, the sensation had happened several hundred years after Pei Xing Master died, and it was around the time Luo Feng left Tilted Peak Sector.

Third, some great beings from Universe Ocean tried to get some ordinary true treasures out of the holy land, which might be from the Hong Alliance.

Fourth, Luo Feng indeed had true treasure wings. When he had first risen in the original universe, he had only had one pair. He had then obtained another pair. Some great beings had even seen Luo Feng with three pairs of wings, which meant he had acquired at least two pairs.

Purple Moon Ancestor could tell that Luo Feng had his eyes on that pair of wings. And judging by the sensation, Purple Moon Ancestor could also tell how extraordinary that wing true treasure was.

“Tell Luo Feng to stop wasting his time and energies. That pair of wings will stay in Purple Moon Holy Land forever, and he’ll never get it!” Purple Moon Holy Land immediately told an avatar of a captured universe master after confirming Luo Feng’s intention.

Luo Feng was deeply upset. Incredible! Purple Moon Holy Land had found out about it.

Actually, it was understandable. Luo Feng knew that the Hong Alliance had proceeded discreetly. However, they had still left some traces, and so had he. Purple Moon Ancestor had learned of his intentions.

Luo Feng started to do it in a blatant way! He started to capture universe masters!

“I’ll keep capturing universe masters and threatening you with the lives of your universe masters… Will you be willing to trade them? Even though universe masters don’t dare to resist Purple Moon Ancestor, given his prestige, they’ll be upset. That means the unity within Purple Moon Holy Land won’t be as strong anymore… I’ll keep doing it! Even if I get the last pair of wings, I can’t fully utilize it. After all, I haven’t even fully comprehended the third level of engravings on Shi Wu Wings.”

Luo Feng didn’t need to rush it. It was going to be a long fight between him and Purple Moon Holy Land.

Time passed.

Luo Feng journeyed in the three Lands of Extremis. 90 percent of the universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land went back to the holy land after learning that six universe masters had been captured. Those who stayed out were very stubborn. They had eternal lives, and they had lived for so long that they weren’t afraid of death. The pressure from Luo Feng only exhilarated them.

In a remote area of Universe Ocean where no great beings had been before…

Hong!

A human shape larger than a miniature universe lay there, traveling millions of times faster than light speed. The chaos air gleamed under the friction coming from the high speed, leaving a long streak of light in the space. It kept marching toward the original universe.

Ten years, 100 years, 1,000 years, 10,000 years…

100,000 years, a million years…

Luo Feng had been traveling in Universe Boat for more than eight million years when the giant object, which had maintained a speed that no universe supreme masters could ever reach, finally entered the area where there were powers from Universe Ocean.

Eight million years was a long time for ordinary life forms. However, for great beings, eight million years was only a blink of an eye. To Luo Feng, who had only lived for less than 200,000 years (not counting time acceleration), the eight million years was a very crucial period for him, and it was the longest period of his life.

He had been practicing in the space of inheritance for the past eight million years, which was actually eight million eras.

Presently, he was still touring in the inner area of Universe Boat. At the same time, in a remote area of Universe Ocean, a being was teleporting itself.

“I haven’t been to Flowing Level Mountain for a long time, so I’ll go there now.” Demon Beast Ancestor was moving forward relaxedly. He was the enemy of both Space Beast Ancestor and the two ancestors of the demon race. The united forces alliance and the human team were fighting now, and the human team was at a slight advantage, which pleased Demon Beast Ancestor.

Hong!

A terrifying streak of light flashed beside him.

Hong! Long!

Under that horrifying speed, the shock waves stemming from the chaos air spread to Demon Beast Ancestor, who was still in the distance. Demon Beast Ancestor rolled over tens of billions of kilometers away.

Pu!

Demon Beast Ancestor opened his mouth wide with blood coming out. His body was covered with scales, and it was solid. Dark, golden blood flowed on the scales, and it looked at the golden flowing light in shock. “This, this, this…”

He hadn’t expected that only that shock wave could injure him, a universe supreme master! If he had been hit directly, he would have died.

“What is that? What kind of terrifying being is that?” Demon Beast Ancestor was bewildered.

He roamed Universe Boat, and although he was at a disadvantage when fighting Dream Demon Ancestor, Shock Demon Ancestor, and Space Beast because he didn’t have supreme true treasure, he could still survive the attacks. He could have even put up a fight against Teacher Origin.

However, that gigantic flying object terrified him and made him desperate. They were definitely not at the same level, and if he was hit by that human shape, he would be killed.

“A chance! An opportunity! A huge opportunity!” Demon Beast Ancestor was excited. Any incredible incident might spell a chance, and based on what had happened, that gigantic flying object had an exceptional opportunity, and supreme true treasures were nothing compared to that.

“I need to seize that chance! Inheritance, great beings, or valuables, I need to seize it! Only after seizing that can I suppress the two idiots from the demon race and Old Beast God. I’ll then rule the demon race and Space Beast Alliance. I will be the one true ancestor of the demon beasts!”

Demon Beast Ancestor was overjoyed, and he started to teleport.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

He teleported three times and arrived beside the giant flying object. It resisted the shock waves. Compared to that giant object, Demon Beast Ancestor was like an earthworm looking at a star.

Chapter 1337

Demon Beast Ancestor maintained a distance from that distant, massive object. He was resisting the ripples of impact acting against him while trying his best to see that object ahead of him.

He could only make out—amidst the dazzling light produced by something flying at an exceptionally fast speed—a faint figure of a humanoid life-form. This humanoid life form was so tall that its height exceeded 100 million light years, and there it was, just lying flat on the ground. No matter how powerful Demon Beast Ancestor was, no matter how he racked his brains, he could not come up with any idea of how he could see better. All he could see was an unclear situation before him. Then, shortly after…

Hong!

At a terrifically fast speed, the massive object vanished from the limits of Demon Beast Ancestor’s scope of view.

“Human, human, humanoid life-form?” Demon Beast Ancestor stood rooted to his spot for a long time.

God! In terms of size, this massive object was slightly bigger than a miniature universe, or even the Universe Boat. How could it actually be a humanoid life form? Even if a universe supreme master tried his very best to expand his godly body, reaching the size of one light year already proved to be exhausting. The more a godly body expanded, the more their godly power had to be consumed. Besides, none of them had ever reached a size as big as 100 million light years!

Moreover, it maintained a terrifying speed comparable to uninterrupted teleportation. It might be right to say that universe supreme masters were able to overcome the speed limit, but the faster their speed got, the more of their godly power would be consumed. The pressure that their bodies were subjected to would also become stronger. Such factors accounted for why no universe supreme master could achieve such a feat. And for a godly body to expand to such a massive size, its speed was bound to be reduced.

Bigger than a miniature universe! And a speed that was beyond one’s wildest imagination!

“No, it can’t possibly be a living soul, nor a great being. There can’t be a great being that is so formidable.”

Demon Beast Ancestor was in denial, unable to bring himself to believe that such a great being truly existed. How much more powerful would this great being be than him? A mere gaze could have seemingly destroyed him.

“It must be a strange object like the Universe Boat. The only difference is that Universe Boat took the form of a boat, and this object takes the form of a human.”

Demon Beast Ancestor willed himself to consider the manner and instantly felt much better.

“Another Universe Boat?” The moment Demon Beast Ancestor considered this, he felt the same suffocating breathlessness again.

The three most dangerous lands… A long time ago, Universe Ocean had not been one of the three most dangerous lands, and the Universe Boat had not existed. The Universe Boat had only appeared much later.

“Another being that was at least at the level of Universe Boat?” Demon Beast Ancestor was highly emotional. “And no other great being has encountered it yet. I am the first. So long as I can grab this opportunity… Catch up with it!”

Demon Beast Ancestor was full of fighting spirit and no longer worried about the dangers involved. After all, whether that was a formidable and terrifying life form or a strange object, nothing would be greatly affected. If it were a formidable and terrifying life form… seeing how it lay flat on the ground, it was either deep in slumber or had been annihilated. If it was a strange object, then all the more, there was nothing to fear.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

After a long-distance teleportation, Demon Beast Ancestor immediately caught up with that massive object that was flying at an extremely fast speed.

Hong!

The massive object continued flying at the same speed, and Demon Beast Ancestor often had to teleport to a much further distance ahead of it to be in the lead. When the other party had overtaken him, he would, without further ado, teleport a great distance ahead to take the lead again.

“Change direction!”

Demon Beast Ancestor executed his endless domain type true treasure, and a blurry black light enshrouded the surrounding region. Then he manipulated the domain under his control and executed his most powerful secret technique. At that moment, close to 90 percent of a boundless domain under his influence converged to form a huge, fuzzy tail. This huge tail lashed at the massive object right away with a loud whistling sound!

A prior calculation of distance had been made, and right away, the tail lashed out at the body of the fast-approaching massive object.

Peng!

The fuzzy tail was immediately shattered to pieces. Yet the massive object continued to advance!

“Seems like… Seems like there is no change in direction at all?”

Demon Beast Ancestor was a tad bewildered. He had intended to change the direction at which that massive object was flying, which explained why he had hit from the side. Apparently, he had not dared to use a true treasure weapon to directly bombard the massive object. He had been worried that the impact of the rebound tremors alone would cause him to sustain another round of heavy injuries. This was why he had used a domain type true treasure, so even if this domain attack were to be destroyed, he would not be greatly affected.

At first, he had thought that this was a non-living object, so bombarding it from the side would have at least caused it to change its direction, even if only to a minor extent.

“Could it be because it is too big? Maybe that’s why it was so stable even when flying.” Demon Beast Ancestor muttered to himself. “I’ll try again.”

Hong!

Hong!

Hong!

Demon Beast Ancestor teleported repeatedly in order to catch up with the extremely fast-moving massive object, and every time, he forcefully attacked it by its side. Almost every day, he would attack up to a few hundred times…

In the blink of an eye, more than 100 years had passed.

“It is not as if my attacks have not caused it to change direction. My attacks did have some influence over it. It’s just that the effect is very, very small.” Demon Beast God was very worked up. “I have been bombarding it continuously for more than 100 years in order to cause it to change direction by only a small degree. The magnitude of that change in direction was so minuscule that even I, a universe supreme master, can barely detect the change.”

Even a universe supreme master could barely detect it. How small a magnitude could that be? Furthermore, he had to spend more than 100 years of continuous bombardment against that massive object in order to achieve such a slight change in direction.

“Continue! I must bring it to a halt before other great beings discover it.”

Demon Beast Ancestor was filled with fighting spirit. He felt that he could still afford to be hopeful, as Universe Ocean was, after all, enormous. Normally, when great beings traveled about within Universe Ocean, they had to depend on natural wormholes. But under such continuous teleportation, based on the direction of that massive object, attempting to fly all the way to arrive at the primal universe would probably take at least one million years.

The patience of a super great being was very strong, so even if Demon Beast God had to keep struggling for millions of eras, he would still do so with much patience, yet he had this incessant worry of being discovered. Although Universe Ocean was vast, other great beings still had to move about through the normal method of using natural wormholes. Therefore the chances of encountering this massive object were extremely low.

Nonetheless, he was still worried!

“I’ll continue to bombard it. Other than the three most dangerous lands within Universe Ocean, there are many other dangerous lands that are one notch less risky. Based on the direction of flight of this massive object, so long as he could bring it to change its course by a few degrees, it would have to pass through a particular dangerous land, Swirling Water River.”

Demon Beast Ancestor was looking forward expectantly as he continued to rain attacks on the massive object. There were many dangerous lands within Universe Ocean.

The most well-known ones were the three most dangerous lands, and there were many other dangerous lands that were a notch less risky. For example, Sitting Mountain Guest’s place of residence within Universe Ocean was one of the dangerous lands.

Another 6,5000 years passed.

“Now the direction is accurate.”

With an undying perseverance that could be likened to that of a worker ant gnawing at a huge mountain, Demon Beast Ancestor persisted for more than 6,000 years and continued to bombard the massive object on its side. Finally, that massive object was made to deviate a little from its original course. This tiny change, coupled with the long flight distance, subsequently accumulated to cause a huge deviation. This would bring the massive object crashing into the dangerous land of Swirling Water River!

“There will always be many great beings in the three most dangerous lands. And the other dangerous lands that are less risky are seldom visited by great beings. As for the most common dangerous lands, there isn’t a single great being to be found. Hopefully, there will be no great being in Swirling Water River.”

Demon Beast Ancestor prayed fervently.

Another three years flew by.

Swirling Water River!

It was a river that rotated consistently, with a total of 12 huge radial arms flowing with water. Amidst the swirling water, were numerous miniature islands. These islands were different in sizes, ranging from a few light years to a few hundred light years or beyond. As for the size of the entire Swirling Water River… its largest diameter could be as big as six million light years! Of course, this was still a lot smaller than the three most dangerous lands.

“Swirling Water River’s diameter is as wide as six million light years.”

Somewhere far away from the edge of Swirling Water River, Demon Beast Ancestor found himself a spot to settle down and keep watch from a far distance away. He had executed an extremely long-distance teleportation, followed by a one-time transit through a natural wormhole to rush over. This was how he had managed to arrive in advance.

“Swirling Water River is so huge, and that massive object’s diameter is over 100 million light years,” Demon Beast Ancestor was muttering to himself. “The difference in size between the two is not too far off the mark. There is a possibility of stopping it with Swirling Water River.”

Although he was muttering about the possibility of a positive outcome, he was still aware that the chances of stopping it were slim! If he could not succeed this time, he was worried that it would be extremely difficult for him to get the massive object to change course and crash into another dangerous land again.

Suddenly—

Hong!

The peaceful Swirling Water River, which was eternally rotating, had 12 huge radial arms of flowing water flow, each of which possessed unfathomable power. Speaking of power, it was more powerful than any other great being by a few thousand or even 10,000 times. This natural power was unbelievably terrifying. The history of its existence was even more ancient than that of the Universe Boat.

At that very moment, a being appeared that was even more massive than the entire Swirling Water River!

Hong!

At a terrifying speed, the humanoid life form with a towering height of over one million light years crashed mercilessly into Swirling Water River with loud rumbles. The 12 radial arms, which originally had been so strong and powerful, were crashed with such force that, within an instant, they were ruptured and scattered all over the place. A large amount of water splashed far out into Universe Ocean.

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

The little islands within Swirling Water River—upon being struck by such a high-speed attack—were like eggs exploding one after the other.

“What is happening?”

At that moment, in the deep-water region of Swirling Water River, a universe master who was maneuvering a top-tier palace true treasure was in the midst of exploring through Swirling Water River. To him, exploring Swirling Water River was far easier and safer than exploring the three most dangerous lands. To him, this was a form of relaxation.

Yet he suddenly felt the entire Swirling Water River trembling. Apparently, the high-speed crash brought about an impact that was so strong that the ripples could even cause this palace true treasure to tremble. However, this massive object was too fast to be seen clearly, and this universe master was only left with a glimmer of doubt in his mind. Soon after…

Hong!

The boundless, massive object whistled past in a fleeting moment, and this top-tier palace true treasure, which was even more fragile than the little islands before—instantly exploded. The universe master who was inside the palace true treasure was annihilated right away. An impact of such a level… Even a universe master wearing a supreme true treasure armor would have been annihilated, not to mention this universe master.

It was sweeping up everything.

It was like a vehicle flying through a puddle; the water splashed out in all directions, but the vehicle continued to zoom past the pool at the same rate of speed.

Nothing had changed.

The massive object was still advancing at an extremely terrifying speed. In an instant, it passed through Swirling Water River, causing this dangerous land to be reduced to fragments. Water splashed out into all corners of Universe Ocean. As for that massive object, it was still moving at that terrifying speed, rocketing past Swirling Water Ocean as it left a trail of flowing light in its wake. Soon, it exceeded the limit of Demon Beast Ancestor’s scope of view and vanished from sight.

“Er…” Demon Beast Ancestor stared at the scene before him, dumbfounded.

He had fervently hoped that Swirling Water River could stop that massive object. Even if, in his heart, he had known that the chances were not high, he had nonetheless held onto some hope. Reality was always so cruel.

Had the massive object reduced its speed at all? It was simply too fast. Even Demon Beast Ancestor could not judge, but the implications were clear: Even if it there had been ten or even 100 Swirling Water Rivers in the way, there still would have been no stopping this massive object.

Within the universe of the Divine Eye Clan’s First True Master, an unlucky universe master reported to First True Master, recounting the events he had experienced.

“It was the Swirling Water River! At the time, I was still within my palace true treasure when I felt a strange yet terrifying tremor. I didn’t have time to respond when my top-tier place true treasure was instantaneously ruptured, and my other godly body was annihilated within a fleeting moment. Teacher, this was what happened.”

“A top-tier palace true treasure was shattered in an instant?” said First True Master. He also felt as though something bizarre was happening. “Swirling Water River…?”

Chapter 1338

Swirling Water River was a second-tier dangerous place.

Someone would suffer losses in Swirling Water River even if he was in a top-tier true treasure palace if he was not reckless. How terrifying that palace was! For top-tier palace true treasures to be instantly annihilated and universe masters to be instantly killed— Swirling Water River couldn’t be that dangerous!

“I’ll go and check myself,” the First True Master sent a message to the other four true masters, then headed off to Swirling Water River.

After only three days…

“Huh?”

The First True Master stood in the chaos air and looked ahead, frowning. Water stretched everywhere in the distance, yet none of the islands in Swirling Water River could be found.

The entire Swirling Water River was destroyed? The First True Master was bewildered. He knew clearly how powerful the natural environment of Universe Ocean could be. Even all the great beings in Universe Ocean combined couldn’t destroy a dangerous place, not to mention the entire Swirling Water River.

“I feel that…” The First True Master frowned. “Swirling Water River was destroyed by an exceptional power, and it was hit directly at the front, causing the water in Swirling Water River to blast everywhere while the islands were all destroyed.”

The First true master was thrilled. “A chance! A great chance!” He was roaring on the inside. He didn’t know what had caused the scene in front of him, but he was pretty sure that it was an existence beyond his imagination, and it was a great opportunity. “We’re facing our true death. This unknown object might be the only chance for my race to transcend incarnation.”

Weng!

A giant halo suddenly appeared behind his head. There was a gigantic, single eye of flesh and blood in the halo. It glared at the endless space in front of it as if it could see through everything. In that giant, single eye was a blurry trace of light hitting Swirling Water River, making it crumble!

“It’s an existence millions of times more terrifying than Swirling Water River. Even I can’t reverse the time and space to see how it is. Even if I use both my talents and techniques, I can only locate its direction. It’s going that way!” First True Master nodded. “I’ll start chasing it!”

Sou!

He teleported and followed in that direction.

One could tell where the giant the giant object was flying to. However, it would take a long time to precisely locate. The First True Master was called “Divine Eye True Master,” so he was quite proficient at observation and inspection. He immediately revealed everything.

After a couple of days…

Hong!

The giant object was still flying at its original speed in Universe Ocean.

“That!”

The First True Master was thrilled. Even using all his power, he could barely “see” that the object was a prone, human-shaped creature. It was 160 million light years tall, and it was traveling 120 million times faster than light speed. Only the First True Master, by putting all his power on his divine eye, could tell.

As for Demon Beast Ancestor, who had also been following it, he wasn’t able to confirm the speed.

“First True Master! I found it first.” Demon Beast Ancestor yelled in anger.

“Hahaha! You? Do you really think you can have this chance all to yourself?” The First True Master didn’t give a damn about Demon Beast Ancestor. He had two supreme true treasures while Demon Beast Ancestor had none.

“No, I’m thinking about that. Now that we found this chance together, we’ll own this chance all by ourselves!” Demon Beast Ancestor yelled. “Don’t tell any of the other four true masters to come! If they do, I’ll spread the news and tell the entire Universe Ocean.”

“You…!” The First True Master was furious.

This was indeed a wonderful opportunity, which might help him transcend incarnation. Of course, the First True Master wanted two more true masters to come to help him, but he had to consider the threat of Demon Beast Ancestor. After all, Demon Beast Ancestor’s avatar was in the original universe, which meant he could spread the news in no time.

“Okay!” said the First True Master. “We alone will claim this opportunity.”

The First True Master and Demon Beast Ancestor both tried to stop the giant object. Neither of them dared to even get close to it, given its speed, and the space and time around it had already turned hollow. They could only fly after it.

The shock waves alone could injure them. And if they got closer, they might be killed.

What was worse, before they could even catch up with the object, it had already made it out of their sights.

“Stop!”

“Stop it!”

“Change its direction!”

The First True Master and Demon Beast Ancestor were like two insignificant creatures trying to stop a mountain; clearly, they couldn’t do it.

More than 3,000 years passed, and five more powers had already discovered the giant object. The Divine Eye clan and Demon Beast Ancestor were only two of them. However, Demon Beast Ancestor, the First True Master, and all the other five powers who joined later could only despair.

Hong!

The giant object rushed by and disappeared from the sights of those 18 great beings.

“Useless. We can’t stop it whatsoever.” The First True Master shook his head and sighed. “We’ve already tried everything, and that giant object has already destroyed three dangerous palaces, yet its speed hasn’t changed at all. Apparently, those dangerous places are nothing to it. There are only two ways to slow it down. One, it crashes into the original universe—the original universe is definitely powerful enough to suppress it and slow it down. Two, it is slowed by the three Lands of Extremis! Any of the three Lands of Extremis is certainly as powerful as this object and will likely stop it. What do you think?”

Everyone present looked at each other. They felt helpless.

They could indeed slightly change the direction of the giant object to make it hit some dangerous places, but it was pointless. If it collided with the three Lands of Extremis, all the powers in the Lands of Extremis would gather! If it hit the original universe, the powers in Universe Ocean would have no chance at all.

“We’ll make it known.”

“If it hits any of the three Lands of Extremis, the other powers will know. Besides, if we want to redirect it to one of the three Lands of Extremis, we definitely need help from others.”

“We’ll make it known.”

Everyone felt helpless. They wanted this chance all to themselves, but it was too great for them to keep it to themselves.

I won’t let it crash into the original universe, the First True Master thought. If it got into the original universe, the Divine Eye clan wouldn’t have any shred of a chance.

“We have to redirect it!” Rampaging Devil God yelled. He was the fifth power to join. “If we don’t redirect it, it might affect other miniature universes if it keeps racing toward the original universe. Although miniature universes are enormous, they might not be able to resist it as well as Swirling Water River. They’ll be crushed instantly.”

Everyone nodded. Yes. Universe Boat, Tilted Peak Sector, and Flowing Level Mountain were all indestructible. As for miniature universes, they only belonged to true gods. Although they were too large for other true gods to move, the object was already much stronger than true gods. It would be easy for it to destroy miniature universes. As long as the shock was enough, it could easily destroy the origin of a miniature universe, crushing the entire miniature universe.

If it could easily crush Swirling Water River, it could easily destroy a miniature universe, as well.

All the powers in Universe Ocean were thrilled!

In one of the three Lands of Extremis, in Universe Boat, Luo Feng blinked.

“Teacher,” he said. “Are you saying that a giant object was spotted in Universe Ocean, and it’s flying 20 million times faster than light speed, at a height of 60 million light years? And it’s in humanoid form? Teacher, who’s making up lies? The limit in Universe Ocean is 100 times light speed. As for universe supreme masters, a million times light speed is the limit. 20 million times faster than light speed? And it’s larger than Universe Boat—in humanoid form?”

“It’s not a lie,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “The news comes not only from one great being but many, including quite a few universe supreme masters. Leave Universe Boat as soon as possible and meet us there.”

“Okay,” said Luo Feng. “It might take me 200 years to get out of Universe Boat. I’ll come back now.”

Luo Feng finished talking with his teacher.

“What are you playing at?” Luo Feng whispered. “A giant object like Universe Boat, Flowing Level Mountain, and Tilted Peak Sector? In the shape of a human?” The very possibility set Luo Feng’s heart on fire. “I’ll go check it out myself. Go!”

Boat of Mausoleum changed direction in the endless black wind and revealed its base form. It flew toward the exit of Universe Boat at its fastest rate of speed. Still, it took him over 200 years to get out of Universe Boat.

The action team of the Hong Alliance immediately sent Luo Feng the coordinates through the virtual universe. “Come, Luo Feng! We are here.”

“I’m coming.”

The coordinates kept changing. Apparently, the strike force from the Hong Alliance was following that giant object. Actually, in the past 200 years, all the powers were rushing toward that giant object, so Luo Feng no longer had any doubts about the authenticity. Although he saw some images of a blurry, humanoid shape through the virtual universe, he wasn’t overwhelmed. He needed to see the real version with his own eyes.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Luo Feng kept teleporting and caught up with the strike force of the Hong Alliance.

“Luo Feng.”

“Luo Feng.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader.”

More than 180 universe masters from the Hong Alliance, led by Primal Chaos City Leader, had gathered here. Lots of great beings from the united forces alliance had also rushed here. They all knew what was going on and had called a truce during such a crucial moment.

“Luo Feng,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Right now, 68 universe supreme masters and more than 3,200 universe masters have gathered here. They’re all the most powerful elites from the powers of Universe Ocean and the two holy lands.”

“This many?” Luo Feng was amazed by the number. He teleported himself following the strike force from the Hong Alliance. “Wow…”

Luo Feng saw a large group of beings in the space of Universe Ocean, all sticking close to one another. The weakest of them was a universe master. It was indeed thrilling.

Luo Feng then turned around and looked into the distance. He teleported himself in the direction where the giant object was moving.

“It’s coming.”

“It’s coming.”

Though none of them could see it, they could sense the invisible shock waves spreading toward them.

Hong!

The horrifying shock waves spread out fully. Then the giant object swept by them like a streak of gleaming light. Even Luo Feng felt that like an ant beneath the weight of a mountain. As he looked at the towering, human-shaped creature, he—as well every other great being in Universe Ocean—felt like an insect.

“It’s too…!” Luo Feng opened his eyes wide, dumbfounded.

Chapter 1339 - Hit Universe

Boat

Luo Feng was truly thrilled.

He wasn’t sure whether the human figure was a being who was dead or in a state of slumber or just a human-shaped valuable. Based on what he knew about the ancient civilization, there existed valuables in human form—especially machine type-valuables.

“Universe Boat is a boat-shaped valuable of the machine type. That human figure might be a valuable of the machine type.”

Luo Feng was more excited than ever. After all, he felt fortunate just to be able to take a look at it.

“If, instead of a valuable, it’s a great being…”

Luo Feng’s excitement intensified as he considered that possibility. Incredible! Only the ancient civilization had great beings at that level.

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

The thousands of great beings in Universe Ocean started to teleport at the same time. They flew to a point ahead of the human-shaped object but remained to the side, as they didn’t dare to fly right in the middle of its path.

The universe supreme masters transmitted their voices again.

“Prepare!”

“Hit it again!”

All the top great beings from Universe Ocean held their power, and soon, the giant being showed up within their sights.

Actually, it wasn’t accurate to say that they showed up within their “sights,” as light speed in Universe Ocean was actually 100 times faster than light speed in the original universe! If they had merely used their eyes to see, it would have been impossible to see the human-shaped object clearly. Rather, Luo Feng and the others all used vibration waves to determine its shape and speed via their control over time and space.

If they only used their eyes to see, by the time the light from the human-shaped object had reached their eyes, it would already have been gone!

They had to use vibration waves to sense the state and position of the human shape, and they could only feel the waves when they were within close proximity. They could only sense the waves for an instant, after which, the human-shaped object would fly past them, producing incredible shock waves.

The shock wave was so strong that even universe supreme masters would be severely injured if they got close.

“Attack!”

“Attack!”

“Attack!”

Following the orders of universe supreme masters, all the thousands of great beings, including Luo Feng, attacked from the side at the same time.

Hong! Long! Long!

All the attacks combined were enough to kill any universe supreme master. The attacks flew 100 times faster than light speed. The combined attacks flew for a long time before they hit the giant object.

The human-shaped object was 160 million light years tall, and its feet were 30 million light years long. Although its flying speed could hit 120 million times faster than light speed, it would take the feet around three months to completely change its position! Unfortunately, it moved too fast. Even though it was right beside him, Luo Feng couldn’t see or sense it. Only when the group moved to the side of the front of the human-shaped object could he sense the shock waves for just an instant! In reality, the fact that they could sense a giant object flying 120 million times faster than light speed was worth celebrating.

“Teleportation!”

They all teleported at the same time. They teleported 1,000 light years away, which was nothing compared to the length of the object’s feet. Fortunately, it was 120 million times faster than light speed—less than 4 light years per second. They could easily catch up with it by using teleportation, so they could accurately sense the position.

“Attack!”

Hong!

All the thousands of top great beings in Universe Ocean tried together and thought of nothing else. They teleported and attacked again and again.

Luo Feng and the other great beings stayed beside that giant human-shaped object for 3,200 years.

Luo Feng flew out of Universe Boat immediately, so he was much slower. Before he arrived, the powers already decided that they needed to keep changing the direction of the human-shaped object and made it hit Universe Boat! Redirecting it to Universe Boat required the minimum amount of change out of all the three Lands of Extremis, yet it still required an angle of 15 degrees.

All those great beings had struck the giant object for more than 3,000 years just to gain those 15 degrees. That was why First True Master and Demon Beast Ancestor chose to publicize the news, as the first seven powers who found the human-shaped object couldn’t do it at all, and before they could redirect it 15 degrees, it would have already flown away.

“The direction is correct.”

“The direction is correct.”

“The direction is correct.”

Universe supreme masters and universe masters could all tell the direction using the vibration waves. And then they used its relative position of Universe Boat to determine the location.

Luo Feng checked also and nodded. “It will arrive at Universe Boat in around 30,000 years!”

“Hahaha…”

“We’re finally going to succeed after all this time.”

“That giant object is definitely going to hit Universe Boat.”

The top-tier great beings in the space were all relieved. After all, they had been concentrating on this task for more than 3,000 years, and they had been attacking it all this time. Although they didn’t attack it very often (they needed to recover their godly power), the pressure still tortured everyone’s nerves.

They only relaxed after they knew that they had succeeded.

In the outer area of Universe Boat, one of the three Lands of Extremis.

Thousands of great beings stood in the outer area, looking at Universe Boat in the distance.

“Can Universe Boat stop it?”

“Universe Boat is tens of millions of light years wide and tall, and over 100 million light years long. It’s barely the same size as that giant object. It is terrifically fast. Will Universe Boat be blasted away if it was hit?”

“I hope it can stop the giant object.”

All those thousands of great beings arrived in advance, waiting for the giant object to hit Universe Boat. However, they were all worried that even if Universe Boat could slow that object down. It wouldn’t change much if the giant object only slowed down a little bit instead of stopping. From 120 million times faster than light speed to 30 million times faster than light speed; it was no different from those powers.

“I hope we can succeed.”

“If we fail, we have to change its direction again.”

“We have to succeed.”

Everyone was looking forward to it.

Luo Feng was in the strike force of the Hong Alliance. He looked at Universe Boat in the distance. It was a giant machine boat that was already wrecked. It kept absorbing the endless chaos air around it, and there were circles of flames around the damaged boat, permeating incredible power. Wind whirlpools and endless electric snakes… There was even one-third of a miniature universe under Universe Boat.

Though Universe Boat is already damaged, it’s still swallowing the energies from the outside—even some damaged miniature universes, Luo Feng thought. Apparently, some important parts in Universe Boat are still operating. As a machine-type valuable that’s constantly operating, it’s very stable. Even though it’s hit, it can resist it.

Although Luo Feng thought this way, the human-shaped object was too large and fast!

Time passed. All the thousands of top-tier beings in Universe Ocean were waiting.

“It’s coming!”

“It’s coming!”

“The giant object is coming!”

They sensed the vibration waves and were excited. Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader and the other great beings from the Hong Alliance were excited as well. They all stayed as far away as possible and hid themselves. They didn’t want to be killed by the horrifying shock wave.

“Although we can sense the shock wave, it might take a few years before that giant object hits Universe Boat.”

The strike team from the Hong Alliance was in Boat of Mausoleum, and they were all looking forward to it.

A period of several years was nothing to supreme beings. The human-shaped object was too fast for them to see it, and if they missed the area where vibration waves spread, they couldn’t sense it. They could only wait until the impact, when the vibration waves would spread everywhere. Then they would be able to sense them.

Palace true treasures floated. Supreme true treasures, pinnacle true treasures, and Boat of Mausoleum. They were all waiting for it.

Everyone was silent. There were no great beings in Universe Boat.

After a long time—

Weng!

Invisible vibration waves were transmitted in all directions, following the time and space. Those great beings who were hiding in the distance all felt the horrifying vibrations, followed by destructive shock waves. Endless chaos air was torn.

All the great beings felt the waves at the same time and immediately reversed time and tried to watch the scene.

A giant, human-shaped object was flying fast… A gigantic, damaged spaceship didn’t move at all. The human-shaped object collided with Universe Boat.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Some of the fragments around the spaceship were blasted away. The fire, the electric snakes, and the light around the spaceship were also annihilated. Then the human-shaped object struck the ancient spaceship. Its upper half hit the ancient spaceship head-first. Hong!

The instant the two objects collided, the space and time around them were crushed, exerting horrifying shock waves and vibration waves. The weakest vibration waves at the periphery were transmitted first, followed by the destructive shock waves. The central area of the crash was like a nightmare. The collision was so powerful that even universe supreme masters or supreme true treasures would have been annihilated!

The shock wave spread everywhere—10,000 light years, a million light years, ten million light years. The longer it traveled, the weaker it became. When it spread to the great beings several hundred million light years away, the great beings in the palace true treasures couldn’t be harmed anymore. However, the palace true treasures, including supreme true treasures, were still blasted away.

Chapter 1340 - Willpower

Inside the Boat of Mausoleum, Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Deserted Mirror Master all stood as they looked out at the numerous palace true treasures rolling and tumbling away.

“We are 500 million light years away from the Universe Boat,” said Deserted Mirror Master. “The ripples produced by the impact when the humanoid life form and Universe Boat crashed into one another are being transmitted in all directions. The power is weakening as the ripples travel, but when it reached us, it was still so terrifyingly strong. How terrifying is that!”

“At least for our Universe Ocean, no one would be able to survive in the core area of that impact,” Primal Chaos City Leader said in a low voice.

Luo Feng also nodded. Even the Boat of Mausoleum couldn’t claim to be able to resist an attack of this intensity. After all, the Boat of Mausoleum had merely undergone Duan Dong River’s remodeling. In terms of strength, it would likely be similar to a supreme true treasure; in terms of identity, it merely took on an additional role to be within the “school of automaton.”

“I’m not certain whether it will stop it or not,” Luo Feng whispered.

“Let’s hope it will.” Primal Chaos City Leader was also keeping a close watch on the situation outside.

Deserted Mirror Master was very disturbed, too. “If it doesn’t stop, we’re in trouble.”

At that moment, it was not just the Hong Alliance but also various groups of top powers within Universe Ocean—including the two holy lands—who were worried. That humanoid life form was comparable to Universe Boat in size, so if both were to collide, it was difficult to tell whether it could be stopped.

Hong!

The head of the humanoid life form crashed viciously into the Universe Boat at 120 million times light speed. The ancient, damaged ship was sent tumbling and flying through the air due to the great impact. In that endless era, this boat had once been severely damaged, so on its body, were many cracks and crevices. Yet despite the cracks, great beings from the Universe Ocean were still unable to hurt even the damaged parts.

However, this crash caused some fragments left on the surface of the tumbling Universe Boat—originally marked only by a certain degree of damage—to detach and fly off in all directions. Even the internal space of the Universe Boat trembled beneath the impact.

Of course, for an ancient ship like the Universe Boat, its overall structure was unharmed; there was not the slightest dent made to its gigantic shipboards. Apparently, Universe Boat was also an automaton true treasure that was extremely sturdy. One crash could only cause fragments to fall off due to impact. Causing any true harm to it was simply impossible.

Weng!

The deep, internal region of this ancient boat was in continuous operation. Even as it was sent tumbling by the impact, its internal region continued to operate. For an endless time, it had been swallowing so much chaotic airflow that all of that accumulated to become a powerful energy, which was the source of stability of this boat. Even when there was rapid deceleration, the boat was still stable.

After the first wave of impact, the humanoid life form’s speed was greatly reduced. After waiting for the Universe Boat to reduce its speed, the humanoid life form dealt the Universe Boat with another impact!

Hong!

It was another earth-shattering impact this time around. However, the power was obviously weakened to a great extent. This time, it was the waist portion of the inclined body of the humanoid life form that struck the ancient ship. The two objects seemed to form a cross, but this time, the impact did not send the Universe Boat tumbling away; the ship merely flew out of the way. As for the humanoid figure, perhaps because its inclined position weighed it down, it tumbled over and flew off in the other direction.

Two impacts, one after another.

From the first impact, the direction of the humanoid life form did not change much, but its speed had been sharply reduced—to less than 20 million times the speed of light. From the second impact, its direction changed drastically, and its speed was further reduced to only 300,000 times the speed of light.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

The humanoid life form was tumbling at a speed that exceeded 300,000 times the speed of light. In the process of tumbling, it faced an obstructing force from the chaotic airflow, which caused its speed to be greatly reduced. Then, gradually, it ceased tumbling and went back to its initial pose of lying flat on the ground.

“It has stopped!”

“The Universe Boat has stopped. It is no longer moving.”

Thousands of great beings in all of Universe Ocean gathered around the Universe Boat. As they looked at its surface, they realized that although the vines, frost, and organisms initially found on the surface of the Universe Boat had been annihilated, the original outer wall color of the Universe Boat was revealed.

Luo Feng and the others were amazed by what they saw.

“Such an impact, yet there isn’t a single dent to be found on the surface of the Universe Boat.” Primal Chaos City marveled. “The Universe Boat has been around the Universe Ocean for so many reincarnation eras since it first appeared and is already so damaged. Yet it was able to take such a terrifying impact. All those injuries that caused it to be so damaged—what could have caused those? I really cannot imagine. Universe Ocean is indeed mysterious beyond words. It holds so many secrets that seem so improbable, like the human-shaped life form that just appeared out of nowhere. Before it appeared, would any one of us have suspected its existence?”

Luo Feng and the surrounding great beings from the Hong Alliance all nodded.

“Let’s go. We shall go after that human-shaped life-form,” Primal Chaos City Leader said.

“Yes, the human figure and Universe Boat have collided twice,” said Luo Feng. “With its speed greatly reduced, getting it to stop is no longer that difficult. The resistance from the chaotic airflow alone will cause it to continue weakening.”

Luo Feng looked forward to the outcome. The strike force from the Hong Alliance that was inside the Boat of Mausoleum started to teleport as a group as they gave chase. The direction the human-shaped life form was heading was easily deduced. Various groups of top powers within Universe Ocean were all going after it, and they caught up easily.

“Haha! It is slowing down by a lot.”

“And it is continuing to reduce its speed.”

“This is getting so much easier.”

At one point, great beings from the various groups of top powers within Universe Ocean were surrounding the human-shaped object— at times teleporting and at times exploring.

At merely 300,000 times the speed of light, it did not constitute a major threat, and the impact of its attack was much weaker. After all, if there was an outburst from a universe supreme master, his speed could go up to 100,000 times or even one million times the speed of light!

Universe Ocean was filled with endless chaotic airflow with an extremely strong resistive force. The ordinary beings who were much weaker would immediately be annihilated in this chaotic airflow, which was why energy had to always be maintained when flying within Universe Ocean. Previously, the humanoid life form had been so fast that the force of its impact was far too strong. Even at that speed, it was able to form an area that was similar to an “absolute domain.”

All around it, everything was shattered; time and space were in shards. The chaotic airflow was in pieces, and nothing was able to get near to it at all! With it traveling at such a speed, the chaotic airflow was so fast that the naked eye would not have even seen it in the form of dust.

Yet at this very moment, it started to slow down, as it was no longer able to go further to reach the level of an absolute domain. The resistive force of the chaotic airflow was constantly exerting its influence over the massive, human-shaped life form to reduce its speed. The slower it moved, the faster it descended! To reduce its speed from more than 300,000 times the speed of light to just 200,000 times the speed of light, it took approximately three days’ time. But after just three more days, there was a sharp decrease to not even 10,000 times the speed of light.

Primal Universe, Ancestral God School, Ancestral God Palace.

Weng!

Intangible willpower fell upon Ancestral God Palace. Three figures were seated on the thrones. They were the three great ancestral gods from the first reincarnation era. Currently, they all wore solemn expressions. With their eyes shut, all of them seemed extremely holy and pure, and they were exuding bouts of a strong yet strange power.

“My children…”

“It… is coming…”

“Crisis…”

“Must…”

“The fourth most dangerous land…”

The ancient willpower was transmitting numerous bits of information being sent to the three ancestral gods. After some time, the strong, intangible willpower finally retreated. The three ancestral gods opened their eyes and looked at one another, shocked.

“Since the day we became ancestral gods, we have not taken a single step out of Universe Ocean,” the ancestral god in the middle said in his old voice. “This time, by the orders of the willpower of the primal universe origin, we can finally leave the primal universe.”

“Let’s go!”

“If we arrive too late, I’m afraid that the various groups of top powers of Universe Ocean will suffer a great loss.”

“So, what if there is a great loss? Even if they are all annihilated, does it matter to us? We should just go at our own pace and do what we are supposed to do. That should be fine.”

“Let’s go!”

Hong! Hong! Hong!

The three ancestral gods transformed into dazzling rays of light and speedily left the ancestral god palace. Then they vanished from within the Ancestral God secret region.

In the vast Universe Ocean, under the obstructions posed by the endless chaotic airflow, the impact of the energy that resulted from the flying of the human-shaped life form was continuously weakening, and its speed was rapidly decreasing. Thus, the various groups of top powers of Universe Ocean were getting less and less afraid of it.

“Charge!”

“Charge!”

Various groups of top powers, on board their palace true treasures, charged straight toward the human-shaped life form.

“Luo Feng, we will join in, too,” Primal Chaos City Leader decided as he looked out and saw the palace true treasures flying past.

“All right.” Luo Feng immediately took control of his Boat of Mausoleum and headed straight for the human-shaped life form.

At high speed, the Boat of Mausoleum advanced. Very soon, it arrived at its destination and started to descend on the expanse of the human-shaped figure’s body. Shortly after—

Hong!

A loud bang sounded. The Boat of Mausoleum had made its landing on the body of the humanoid life form. Standing, it would have been a towering 160 million light years, so even if the Boat of Mausoleum had landed on it in its entirety, it still was like an ant floating in the vast ocean.

“We have landed,” Luo Feng said. “But now, it is moving too quickly. Everyone, please do not rush to exit yet.”

“Understood.”

“Understood.”

Various great beings from the Hong Alliance were very excited because the Boat of Mausoleum had landed on the body of the humanoid life form to get a good look at what was on its surface.

“Look, there is a rolling mountain range on the surface of this humanoid life form.”

“At first glance, there seems to be no end to it.”

“That is not a mountain range,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Based on the deductions from the vibrating ripples, it must be the shape of the entire humanoid life form. What might seem like a rolling mountain range to us now is actually the texture of the subtle wrinkles of the ‘clothing’ worn by this humanoid life form!”

“Huh—?”

There was a moment of surprise. Then everyone started to burst out laughing, especially those universe masters who had initially thought the wrinkles were part of a rolling mountain range—laughing at their own silly thoughts.

Even for Luo Feng, by examining the vibrating ripples that were transmitted over—trying to deduce the shape of the human-shaped life-form—it was only possible to conjure a rough image. To deduce that those were the clothes of the life form was a great challenge. Yet a universe supreme master like Primal Chaos City Leader was able to deduce the silhouette of its armor.

“Let’s take a good look first.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader, drive and park your Boat of Mausoleum on the surface of this human life form and advance.”

“Let’s go.”

Everyone was rushing him.

“All right,” Luo Feng said.

He was also filled with curiosity. So, without further ado, he drove the Boat of Mausoleum to the human-shaped life form and latched it onto the surface of its as it advanced forward. Because the Boat of Mausoleum was on its surface, even if the human figure was moving extremely fast, the surface was still relatively stable.

“Luo Feng, the other parts of this human-shaped life form must all be shut, just like the outer walls of the cabin area,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “Go to where its head is. Where its head is… there should be a passageway in.”

Chapter 1341 - Go In

The head of the giant object was enormous, and there were true treasure palaces on top of it. Almost 90 percent of the great beings in Universe Ocean were around the head.

“It’s enormous.”

“This must be the mouth of that human shape object.”

Boat of Mausoleum landed. Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, and the other great beings from the Hong Alliance were all looking into the distance, amazed. There was a vast abyss in front of them, and judging by the outer shape of the giant object, it had its mouth closed, yet the abyss was only a crack between its lips.

That abyss was 1.9 million light years long, and it was 120,000 light years at its widest. Even Luo Feng’s domain true treasures could only inspect a small part of it. Ten milky way galaxies could have filled this crack.

Sou! Sou!

Streaks of light appeared above the abyss and shot out.

“Quick, quick. If there are valuables in this giant object, those who find them first can get them! Quick!”

All the powers were nervous. Although they were frightened and intimidated by the giant object, they were still keen to find out more about it, which was why they immediately sent universe masters with multiple bodies to check.

“Let’s go, Luo Feng.”

“Chaos!”

The great beings in the Hong Alliance were nervous as well. The valuables were on a first-come-first-serve base, and everyone knew it. They were nervous upon seeing all the other powers sending great beings.

Primal Chaos City Leader looked around and said, “We know nothing about this giant object. We don’t know how dangerous it is inside. Even universe supreme masters can’t guarantee they can survive it. We’ll send universe masters with multiple bodies in first. Then, even if they die, they will only lose a body and some true treasures. The main entryways of that giant head are the ears, the nostrils, and the crack between the lips. We might enter separately through different portals.”

Nobody knew which entryway led to the valuables, which was why they would need to try all of them.

“Okay. I’ll go.”

“I’ll go, too.”

Great beings were very efficient, and they transmitted their voices using their godly power. Immediately, eight universe masters decided to send bodies in, including Luo Feng.

Primal Chaos City Leader said, “Everyone who’s going in, be careful. Also, when you enter, please record your route. Then other great beings from the Hong Alliance can learn from it. Now, everyone, off you go.”

“Let’s go.”

“Go.”

The gate of Boat of Mausoleum opened.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

Streaks of light flew out swiftly, including a black, oval-shaped palace. Other great beings from the Hong Alliance were all looking at the great beings of their team, including Primal Chaos City Leader. They all wished that they could get the huge chance contained in that giant object.

Inside the black, oval-shaped palace, Luo Feng stood looking at the outside. He was wearing black armor and carrying a blade. A blurry black light permeated the oval-shaped palace, centered on him. It covered an area of several square light years. This was Luo Feng’s Mosha body.

“Inspection,” he muttered.

Luo Feng was full of expectation. Actually, he only carried his golden horned beast body and the earthling original body while journeying in Universe Ocean. However, for the present purpose of inspection, he had immediately sent his Mosha body, which had been in the original universe, back to Remote Ocean and killed it. The true treasures carried by his Mosha body had been kept by endless Remote Ocean. Then Luo Feng immediately had spared some godly power from his golden horned beast body and condensed a new Mosha body.

Mosha body had a life gene level of 5,000 times, and it was 10,000 kilometers tall. Its godly power wasn’t even 1/1,000th that of his golden horned beast body, so it was okay for the golden horned beast to spare that much.

As for the valuables that Mosha body was carrying now, they had been obtained over the course of the past eight million years. Luo Feng had kept some true treasures he had obtained from Jie Fanzi after donating most of them to his race. He had also journeyed throughout Universe Ocean in Boat of Mausoleum, so he had obtained quite a few true treasures, meaning it had been easy for him to get a set of true treasures.

The armor and the blade Mosha body was carrying were both pinnacle true treasures, but they were only ordinary pinnacle true treasures. As for pinnacle palace type and domain type true treasures, they were much more precious.

“It’s done.”

“Let’s see what’s inside that giant object.” Mosha Luo Feng drove the black, oval-shaped palace, performing short-distance teleportation time and time again. Each time, he only teleported within the domain range. He also documented his route while he was moving forward.

In Universe Ocean, three beings walked out of the wormhole shoulder to shoulder.

“Based on Nine Remoteness, the powers from Universe Ocean can’t wait anymore, so they sent some great beings in. Regardless, they were careful enough to only send those with bodies. At least most of them did that.”

“They’ll soon realize how terrifying that fourth Land of Extremis is.”

“Not our business. We’ll just move at normal speed. As for the death toll, it’s their luck. Tell Nine Remoteness and the others. Other than those like Nine Remoteness who are not afraid of death, others can’t go in. Although we know about this fourth Land of Extremis, we can’t spill the secret.”

The three ancestral gods went because they received an order from the original mind. They knew about the secret, yet they didn’t dare to leak it to their great beings. As ancestral gods, they benefited greatly, yet there were still many rules that they needed to follow.

Hong!

The giant object kept slowing down under the chaos air. Eventually—

Hong! Long! Long!

It completely stopped.

“The human-shaped object has fully stopped.”

“That armor… Is it decorative? Or is it a valuable like the armors we’re wearing? Let’s see whether we can make it recognize us as owners.”

The great beings who remained outside had many thoughts. They believed that powerful valuables would recognize masters, so they all endeavored to give it a go. However, before the great beings landed, there were already those who had tried. They had all failed.

That giant armor was like a decoration. It was not subject to master recognition, and no matter how it was attacked, it wasn’t damaged even in the slightest.

Luo Feng entered via the crack between the lips. He was driving a true treasure palace and teleporting at a short distance. He was very fast, and soon enough, he had already traveled ten million light years forward. That giant object had already stopped.

“An endless abyss.”

Inside the palace, Mosha Luo Feng looked down, and he couldn’t see the bottom. He looked to his side, but he couldn’t see the end, either! It appeared endless! He could only see the exit dimming at the front, and using his domain type true treasure, he could tell that there wasn’t any route at the front. He had to go down.

“Go down!”

Hong!

The black, oval-shaped palace immediately dove down, and it started to teleport at a high frequency again.

“Huh? There’s a huge area that my domain true treasure can’t detect,” Mosha Luo Feng said.

He overjoyed. Ever since he started detecting, he hadn’t been able to find anything out of the ordinary. In dangerous places in Universe Boat and Tilted Peak Sector, domain true treasures couldn’t detect them. He had been in this giant object for a long time, and this was the first time his domain true treasure wasn’t able to detect something.

“I’ll go and see.”

He drove the black oval palace and got closer. After half an hour, Mosha Luo Feng looked to the front in the palace.

“That is…”

Hong! Long! Long!

An endless whirlpool appeared in his sight. The whirlpool twisted the space, spreading outward.

“A natural wormhole?”

Mosha Luo Feng could immediately tell that it was a natural wormhole.

“That wormhole is too large and too powerful,” he said. “Only universe masters and those stronger could get through such twisted energies. I haven’t seen a natural wormhole this big in Universe Ocean or in the original universe.”

Mosha Luo Feng was thrilled. Apparently, the natural wormhole led to another area.

“Go. Go deeper.”

Mosha Luo Feng drove the true treasure palace, dodged the natural wormhole, and kept diving.

All great beings who inspected dangerous places knew that there were two ways to move forward in dangerous areas: teleportation and flying! Teleportation could take them to areas that could be inspected, and great beings only did that when they could make sure the area was safe. Flying was far less risky. At least great beings wouldn’t fall into dangerous places without a fight.

As for natural wormholes, nobody knew what was on the other side. Wormholes in Universe Ocean and the original universe were okay. As for those in Universe Boat, Tilted Peak Sector, Flowing Level Mountain, and this giant object, nobody would enter.

“Move forward!”

The abyss seemed to have no end, but it appeared safe. Mosha Luo Feng drove the true treasure palace and kept moving forward, teleporting.

“There’s no end, no end. I’ve been here for 15 days.”

On the 15th day, Mosha Luo Feng lost his patience a bit. After all, there were lots of dangerous areas in the other three Lands of Extremis, yet there seemed to be nothing but an endless abyss in this giant object with nothing in it, and teleportation was allowed everywhere.

Hu!

A freezing breeze suddenly blew by. Even though Luo Feng’s domain true treasure covered an area of several square light years, it couldn’t detect the breeze. It was completely silent.

It blew through the black, oval-shaped true treasure palace, which was suddenly like dust, crumbling and separating, spreading across the ground and disintegrating into nothing. As for Mosha Luo Feng inside the oval palace true treasure, he only felt cold before his godly power was completely frozen.

The blade, the armor, and Mosha Luo Feng himself all turned into dust, spreading, and disintegrating into nothing.

In the endless abyss, there still seemed to be no danger. It was tranquil, and teleportation was still possible everywhere. But Mosha Luo Feng and the true treasure palace he drove had all turned to nothing. It was as if they had never been here.

Chapter 1342 - The Other End

of the Wormhole

Inside Boat of Mausoleum, Luo Feng looked shocked. His body shook.

Primal Chaos City Leader realized something was wrong. “What happened, Luo Feng?” he asked.

“The Mosha body I sent in died,” said Luo Feng.

He was terrified. Even if there were some dangerous places in Universe Boat and Tilted Peak Sector that couldn’t be inspected, they were vacuums, meaning they couldn’t be inspected. Luo Feng could at least sense that there were dangers.

However, his domain could detect everywhere in that giant object, yet he had still been killed under that situation! And the pinnacle true treasure palace was also shattered without a trace! Even the energies in the origin of Shi Wu Wing made some sort of sound when slashing pinnacle true treasure palaces into pieces.

“Died? How?” asked Primal Chaos City Leader.

“It must be wind,” said Luo Feng.

“Must be?” Primal Chaos City Leader was dazed.

“I didn’t see it at all, so I couldn’t detect it.” Luo Feng shook his head. “My domain type true treasure worked perfectly fine and was able to inspect everywhere. The wind just came out of nowhere. My pinnacle true treasure palace and my godly body were both shattered, and Mosha body died. He couldn’t fight. Not even a little bit.”

Primal Chaos City Leader was shocked. Even pinnacle true treasure palaces couldn’t resist it? Then everyone who went would be doomed unless he had a supreme true treasure.

Eight universe masters from the Hong Alliance entered to conduct a search. Luo Feng had gone in through the crack between the lips. He had gone in first and had died first.

The following day, another universe master died. On the fourth day, two other universe masters died. On the fifth day, another universe master died.

In the ten days following Mosha Luo Feng’s death, the other bodies of the seven universe masters from the Hong Alliance all died. Nobody survived, which terrified all the universe masters from the Hong Alliance. Even the three Lands of Extremis weren’t that incredible.

In the palace of Boat of Mausoleum, the last universe master who had gone in had died, and the universe masters were discussing this heatedly.

“Milky Way Horde Leader was met with a wind that couldn’t be detected. Once that wind blew, the pinnacle true treasure palace he was in was annihilated. As for Xue He Master, he was met with fire that came out of nowhere, which immediately burned the pinnacle true treasure palace. As for other universe masters…”

By wind, fire, or mist, seven had died instantly without even putting up a fight. One had encountered water stretching out and freezing the time and space around him so that nobody could teleport or flee. The water had easily eroded the pinnacle true treasure palace, killing the universe master sitting inside.

“Everyone,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

They all became quiet and looked at Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Based on the information I have, it’s not just the great beings from the Hong Alliance who have died,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Even great beings from other powers who journeyed in and entered the endless abyss couldn’t find the route, and they couldn’t clearly see the environment around them. They were all trapped in the abyss and were killed by the fire, wind, or other forces that showed up out of nowhere in the abyss… Even supreme true treasure palaces were destroyed. Not to mention pinnacle true treasure palaces.”

“Supreme true treasure palace?” Everyone was stunned.

“I just received the news,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “The skeleton race from the first universe era sent a great being in a supreme true treasure palace. He was met with fire, which burned the palace instantly. He couldn’t resist it in the slightest.”

Everyone was shocked. Luo Feng sighed. It had burned a supreme true treasure palace? Some designs in Boat of Mausoleum could indeed kill some great beings hiding in supreme true treasure palaces. However, they couldn’t destroy a supreme true treasure palace. The abyss in this gigantic object, on the other hand, had done just that.

“Even supreme true treasures can’t resist it. What can we do about it?”

“Literally nobody has survived. The death rate isn’t that high even in Lands of Extremis.”

Primal Chaos City Leader suddenly yelled over their panic, “Everyone!”

Luo Feng looked to his teacher in surprise. All the other great beings in the palace did so as well.

“I just heard the news,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Several powers from the first universe era have entered the natural wormhole in the endless abyss.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. While he was inspecting the object, he had also found a natural wormhole, yet he hadn’t dared to go in. Instead, he had kept moving forward.

It seemed that those from the first universe era were in more of a hurry, as they had dared to enter the wormhole. Chances were, it hadn’t ended well. Otherwise, they couldn’t have spread the news.

“What’s on the other side of the natural wormhole?” asked Xue He Master.

The other seven universe masters had also found the natural wormhole. No matter how they entered the giant object—through the ears, the nostrils, or the mouth—they had all entered the endless abyss and continued right past the giant wormhole.

“Enter the natural wormhole!” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “It’ll lead to a secret place full of chaos air with a miniature universe in it.”

“A miniature universe?”

“Miniature universe!”

Everyone was dazed, including Luo Feng. The natural wormhole led to a space where there was a miniature universe?

“We’ve confirmed that the natural wormhole leads to a mysterious space, and it’s in the human-shaped object,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “Besides, the great beings from the first universe era are also trying to get into that miniature universe. They have arranged their machine puppets, and some of them are even trying to get in themselves… However, when they touched the membrane of the miniature universe, they were annihilated immediately.”

“Ah!”

“The membrane is that powerful?”

“How is it possible?”

Everyone in the palace of the Boat of Mausoleum was shocked. Luo Feng couldn’t even imagine that. Normally, the membranes of a universe couldn’t attack. Some universe supreme masters would try to use their miniature universes to kill enemies, but it was after the enemies had entered the miniature universe, and they used the power of the origin of the miniature universe to do it. It sounded ridiculous that the membrane itself could kill.

Dead! Dead! Dead! Dead! Dead! Dead!

No matter how the powers in Universe Ocean tried, they all died without exception. This 100 percent death rate intimidated all the powers. Even a slight chance of survival would help, but there was none.

Just when giant objects in Universe Ocean were all panicking and feeling helpless, the news was spread that the three ancestral gods were summoning all the powers in Universe Ocean and were going to pass on the message of the original mind.

“What? The three ancestral gods?”

“I thought the ancestral gods from the original universe never left the original universe.”

“A message from the original mind?”

Everyone was surprised. The ancestral gods—who had never set foot in Universe Ocean—arrived and were given the message of the original mind. Both attracted the collective attention of Universe Ocean. Plus, the powers suffered losses when they were inspecting the giant object, so they all gathered around.

Boat of Mausoleum also went along.

“A message from the original mind?” Luo Feng frowned. “This is the first time that the three ancestral gods entered Universe Ocean. What do they want?”

Primal Chaos City Leader looked solemn. “They’re here for a good reason.”

When he was trying to kill Great Thunder Star Master, he was able to perform a power that was exactly the opposite of godly power. That was when Luo Feng realized that there was a hidden secret in Universe Ocean that he didn’t know of.

“This giant object is one of them,” said Luo Feng. He also wanted to know what the ancestral gods had to say.

Hong!

Supreme true treasures went along, and Boat of Mausoleum was among one of them. There were three beings in white capes standing in the space around ten million light years away from the giant head. They stood side by side, and their white capes glowed with colorful light. They were incomparably powerful, and their force permeating everywhere.

Palaces floated around the three beings in white capes, followed by lots of great beings.

Luo Feng and the others walked out of the gate of Boat of Mausoleum. They stood in the space and looked at the great beings in white capes in the distance.

Luo Feng sighed. “What a powerful force,” he said.

He felt like the space and time within hundreds of square light years were controlled by the three ancestral gods, and they were much more powerful than any universe supreme master.

Primal Chaos City Leader transmitted his voice. “Remember, they are the representatives of the original mind. Their power is bestowed by the original mind.”

“Let’s see what they’re going to say.” Luo Feng was staring, too.

The humans didn’t have any emotional attachment to the original mind, as Teacher Origin was suppressed by it.

As time went by, more and more great beings gathered. The ancestral gods were the ones that gleamed the brightest.

“Three universe eras, two holy lands, and all the powers have arrived,” said the one at the center. “We’ll begin. We enter Universe Ocean because of the order from the original mind, and we’re here for that giant object.”

He then pointed at the giant object.

“When you get in, you will find a natural wormhole,” said Ancient Ancestral God. “If you enter the natural wormhole, you’ll be transported to another place. There’s a miniature universe in the space, and it’s called the ‘World of Jin’! That is the only place in that giant object where you can survive.”

Chapter 1343

The three great ancestral gods, being the spokespeople of the willpower of the primal universe origin, were now surrounded by colorful lights that contained the power of various laws of gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, electricity, light, time, and space. And these lights were consistently exuding an endless, oppressive force.

Clearly, this was not something that these three ancestral gods could achieve on their own. This was obviously achieved with the support provided by the willpower of the primal universe origin. To a certain extent, it could also lend credibility to the words of the three great ancestral gods, proving that their claims were not baseless or random.

“That miniature universe we have all tried before. Mere contact with the walls of its membrane will bring one to annihilation.”

“There is simply no way in.”

Right away, great beings began firing persistent questions.

Double-Face Ancestral God, one of the three great ancestral gods, who was seated to the side, spoke up. “If you intend to intrude and barge your way through, then there will certainly not be a way in. This World of Jin is extraordinary… Under normal circumstances, even after thousands and millions of reincarnation eras, it remains unborn. However—when everything in the vast Universe Ocean has a universe law to adhere to, that time will be the time for its proper birth.”

No one bothered asking how they should enter. This information from Double-Face Ancestral God was enough to cause a stir among the various groups of top powers from Universe Ocean!

Proper birth? What did he mean by “proper birth”? Under normal circumstances, even after thousands and millions of reincarnation eras, it would remain unborn?

“What exactly happened?” Luo Feng was taken aback and transmitted a voice message to Primal Chaos City Leader beside him. “Teacher, after hearing what the three great ancestral gods had to say, the birth of this World of Jin seems to have a special meaning to it.”

“Yes.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded solemnly. “Everything has its own laws. The willpower of the primal universe origin may be very strong, but it is also very detached, so it cannot differentiate between good and bad. It can only adhere to the most fundamental rules. Even when dealing with a single universe master like Yuan Ao Master, or dealing with Great Thunder Star Master, it must draw on the support of other great beings. Obviously, it is not invincible, so even against Teacher Origin, the most the willpower of the origin could do was keep him under suppression. There is no way it could annihilate Teacher Origin.”

Luo Feng nodded. It was true. Everything seemed to have a predestined set of laws to adhere to, and apparently, under normal circumstances, this massive object should not have been born. Yet now, it had undergone a proper birth! Obviously, this meant that this period had entered into a special phase that was different from the other reincarnation eras.

The most handsome ancestral god—a being with fine, delicate features and a red-scaled tail, who looked nothing older than a youth—spoke. “Internally, the World of Jin is fraught with endless predicaments, yet it also contains endless opportunities. It is more special compared to the other three most dangerous lands. That massive object was of no use at all to Universe Ocean. Its true significance lay in the World of Jin that resided within its body. If you want to enter the World of Jin, you must wait for the right opportunity. The power of the universe membrane wall periodically switches from strong to weak. When it turns black, its power is at its strongest; when it turns white, its power is at its weakest. That is when most ordinary universe masters can easily penetrate it. Each cycle… is approximately one era long. Everyone, we just need to wait. Wait for the membrane walls of that World of Jin to turn white. Then we can enter.”

Hearing the words of this ancestral god, the various groups of top powers instantly grew restless and itchy for action.

Periodic cycles? At that point, a handful of great beings wanted to take off and rush into the World of Jin right away. But the moment they heard that a single cycle took as long as an era, they had to suppress their heightened emotions in order to continue listening.

“The World of Jin is mysterious and unpredictable,” the old ancestral god in the middle said. “Within the World of Jin, there are many living souls.”

“Living souls?”

“What!”

“There are living souls there?”

A few thousand top-tier existences from all over Universe Ocean were shocked. Luo Feng was astounded, too. The three most dangerous lands of the Universe Boat did not have any living souls.

“The living souls of the World of Jin can only survive in the World of Jin. They cannot come out,” the old ancestral god continued. “The moment they leave, they are bound to die. If you all enter… what you bring out when you exit will only be lifeless things. If you have brought a living soul out, it will be the same as killing it. Also, the World of Jin… contains a secret on transcending reincarnation.”

Hua!

This gathering was already a powder keg, and now, thousands of beings were getting even more worked up.

The secret on transcending reincarnation… Was this not what they all yearned for?

“Remember!” said the old ancestral god. “The secret to transcending reincarnation is the secret of the World of Jin. Upon entering, you can explore and seek what you yearn for. But the moment you leave the World of Jin, everything you learn from it must be kept to yourself. Absolutely nothing must be leaked to the outside world. Of course… even if you want to, there is no way to leak anything from the World of Jin.”

Everyone seemed to be deep in thought.

Luo Feng understood right away. It was just like how he received the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong Rive; he simply could not find anything more profound. It was like how Sitting Mountain Guest had bestowed upon him, the Nine Volume Manual. Sitting Mountain Guest had needed to pay a hefty price before he could impart the manual to a single disciple. Obviously, there was an intangible kind of “law” that was influencing everything.

“The secret of transcending reincarnation? The secret of the World of Jin?” Luo Feng could feel the upsurge of emotions.

He was aware that for many generations of reincarnations, the World of Jin had not been born. This time, its birth was the closest he would likely get to the secret of Universe Ocean.

“World of Jin, the fourth most dangerous land of Universe Ocean,” the old ancestral god said. “All of you must bear in mind… when the opportunity arrives, a crisis also lies in wait. The World of Jin is much more dangerous than even Tilted Peak Sector, Flowing Countless Mountains, and Universe Boat.”

“Let’s go.”

The three ancestral gods looked at one another, then immediately vanished into thin air and left.

The thousands of great beings from Universe Ocean were also incomparably fast in returning to their palace true treasures. The large group of great beings from the Hong Alliance also returned to the Boat of Mausoleum immediately.

The three generations of ancestral gods played the roles of the spokespeople of the willpower of the primal universe origin, and they were mainly tasked with conveying messages and guidance. However, the various groups of top powers from Universe Ocean did not dare to commit their full belief in everything they received. They still explored cautiously. Suddenly, they discovered that the entire route from the point where they entered until they reached the natural wormhole was danger-free. And the moment they went through the wormhole, they would arrive at a secret space where they would see a miniature universe: the World of Jin.

“Luo Feng, no great being has ever set foot in the World of Jin to explore it, and yet, you are going in now—just like that,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “It is too dangerous. If an accident happens, the loss you incur will be far too great.”

Luo Feng was carrying numerous true treasures on him. If he were to suffer a loss, it would, indeed, be massive.

“Teacher, I simply cannot bring myself to give up such an opportunity,” Luo Feng said. “Besides, I have other bodies. Even if I fail, I still have the chance to pick myself up from the fall. Teacher, please be at ease.”

Luo Feng divided his force into two different routes. He condensed part of his godly power to form his Mosha body, which would take one of the two routes. Mosha body would take Shi Wu Wings and Star Tower and return to the primal universe. After all, everything about the World of Jin was unknown. If all his true treasures were brought in at the same time, the moment he failed, everything would be lost. By that time, it would be too late for regrets.

His earthling original body and Golden Horned Beast would take Blood Ghost Blade and the Boat of Mausoleum and set off on the other route, preparing to head into the World of Jin.

Following the route along the natural wormhole, they arrived at another space.

The Boat of Mausoleum was suspended in midair as Luo Feng looked out from his location and saw a miniature universe far in the distance. It was dark blue in color—a clear sign that it was not yet the time to enter.

“Even without any true treasure, given my current combat power, I can still stand at the apex of Universe Ocean all the same.”

Luo Feng was full of confidence but was unwilling to put all his true treasures at stake. That was why he had sent Shi Wu Wings and Star Tower back. But he still brought with him Blood Ghost Blade and the Boat of Mausoleum to charge his way through. Those two would be more than enough!

“Wait. Wait for the moment to enter this World of Jin.”

The Boat of Mausoleum waited silently.

Judging by its outer appearance, the dark blue miniature universe seemed to only have a diameter of around ten million light years. However, its power was stronger than any other universe supreme master’s miniature universe by countless times. In its surroundings, numerous palace true treasures were suspended. Great beings from every single group of power from the entire Universe Ocean would be waiting. Of course, this was being treated as a dangerous land that no other great being had ever dared to explore before, and so, not many groups of powers dared to charge their way in with full force. Most of them had sent a very small number of their great beings to conduct a prior round of exploration.

There were more than 200 great beings (including universe supreme masters), all seeking to be the among the first to explore the World of Jin.

Over 200 great beings were waiting outside the World of Jin, ready to enter to begin their exploration. On the other hand, various groups of top powers from Universe Ocean were mostly on their return journeys. For example, the strike force from the Hong Alliance was heading for the primal universe as fast as they could.

That was why, at that moment, other than the World of Jin—which was contained within its body—the other parts of the gigantic, human-shaped life form had regained peace and quiet and were no longer as boisterous with activities like earlier. Only a few great beings had stationed themselves in the void space.

Hua!

Ripples appeared in the space.

A lone figure appeared out of nowhere. On his forehead was a pair of crystal horns, and he wore a black robe that radiated black light. It was none other than Sitting Mountain Guest.

Sitting Mountain Guest had arrived earlier than any of them, yet no matter who had previously come to explore—or the message that the three ancestral gods had conveyed to the public—not a single one of them noticed Sitting Mountain Guest’s presence.

Luo Feng, too, did not realize that Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest was around. He had even tried to ask about Sitting Mountain Guest through his transmission token, but there had been no reply from him.

Sitting Mountain Guest stood amidst the void space and looked quietly at the gigantic, human-shaped life form ahead of him. Silently, he looked at it. His gaze penetrated through time and space to cover every inch of its body. He scrutinized its hair, eyes, nose, ears, mouth, and even the ancient armor it wore.

Thoroughly, he looked at the humanoid life form as though he was observing an incredibly precious treasure.

“Finally…” Sitting Mountain Guest mumbled to himself. “It has arrived.”

He made his way forward one step at a time. Teleporting ahead, he very quickly landed on its body.

After his feet touched down on the vast, rolling mountain range, Sitting Mountain Guest took several steps forward. Every step was a teleportation. He reached the finger of the humanoid figure, then went on to the shoulder was, and eventually to the waist. There was a ruptured spot due to a wound—a place where something had broken through the armor.

Sitting Mountain Guest caressed the ruptured spot on the armor. At nine million light years long, it was impossibly huge.

“Ha…!” Suddenly, Sitting Mountain Guest let out a burst of hoarse laughter. “Haha! Hahahaha…!”

Sitting Mountain Guest laughed heartily and loudly. He was laughing so hard that his entire body trembled; he was laughing so crazily that, gradually, the laughter evolved into something bitter, forlorn, and shrill. It contained hysteria steeped in hatred and insanity.

The laughing slowly came to a stop. Sitting Mountain Guest sat down slowly, then caressed the armor. Golden, crystalline tears fell soundlessly.

“It’s here. It has arrived,” he said as he caressed the armor with trembling hands. “World of Jin!”

“The primal universe origin is known as the World of Jin?” Sitting Mountain Guest mumbled to himself. “Jin… Jin… The willpower of the primal universe origin has no emotions. How can it remember ‘Jin’?”

Sitting Mountain Guest raised his head to look at the vast void space overhead.

Hong! Long!

The chaotic airflow in the void space was revolving, and an overpowering willpower lurked there.

“I won’t be as foolish as Teacher Origin,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “I will give you a chance.”

He shook his head, then took a single step forward and vanished within the void space.

Chapter 1344

1,800 years passed, and the membrane of the miniature universe, the “World of Jin,” kept changing from dark blue to light blue. And one day, it turned white. True treasure palaces floating outside the World of Jin started to move.

“It’s turned white.”

“We can enter now.”

“Let’s go.”

More than 200 great beings flew toward the World of Jin and tried to use their weapons to poke the membrane first. Then they realized that although the membrane was still exerting great power, godly bodies of universe masters could easily get through.

After confirming that they could get through, the first true treasure palace flew in. Other true treasure palaces followed, including Luo Feng’s Boat of Mausoleum.

The World of Jin seemed to have a diameter of ten million light years from the outside, and the great beings entered it from different areas so they wouldn’t gather.

Hong!

After the silver boat made it through the membrane of the miniature universe, it immediately rushed into the World of Jin.

Luo Feng’s godly power sensed the inexplicable force around him. It was a power so pleasing that his entire soul was as cheerful as a fish returning to a lake from a desert. This amazing sensation mesmerized Luo Feng.

“It feels so good! There’s no restraint at all.” Luo Feng was happily surprised.

Rampaging Devil God was exhilarated.

“Hahaha! This World of Jin is awesome! There’s no restraint at all, and I can utilize all my godly power!”

Xiu!

He drove his palace true treasure, diving downward. He landed quickly on an ancient and endless land. There were towering mountains around him. The sky and land were filled with energy, and compared to the chaos air in Universe Ocean, the energies made Rampaging Devil God much more comfortable.

“This is where great beings should live!” Rampaging Devil God was exhilarated. He roared. “Howl!”

Hong!

A streak of light flashed, and it was 1,000 times faster than light speed. A being with three heads—one golden one and two silver ones—appeared in front of Rampaging Devil God. All the heads had giant fangs. The three tails were like barbed, metal whips.

The strange, giant beast looked down at Rampaging Devil God and roared, “F*ck off. This is my land!”

Rampaging Devil God could tell from the force of that strange beast that he was also a universe supreme master.

“A universe supreme master?” Rampaging Devil God was astounded. Although the ancestral gods had mentioned that there were creatures in the World of Jin, he was still surprised to discover that the first creature he met was a universe supreme master.

“F*ck off!” the strange beast roared in anger again, giving another alert.

Rampaging Devil God was even more dazed. He could understand the language, but he had no idea how to speak it! The language used by the strange, giant beast was very special; even if one hadn’t learned it, he could easily understand its meaning. Rampaging Devil God didn’t know how to speak it.

Rampaging Devil God opened his mouth, yet he didn’t know what to say. “I… Ah, you. You—I…”

“Howl!” The strange giant beast was furious. He didn’t attack, as he could tell that Rampaging Devil Master was as powerful as he was, yet this individual—who was gleaming with golden light—ignored him as if he was provoking him!

Hong!

He turned into a streak of light, and three curves of light appeared in the sky left by the three tails of the strange giant beast. They swept toward Rampaging Devil God, who tried to dodge them. Suddenly, three giant gullies showed up on the ground.

Rampaging Devil God grew anxious. He wanted to transmit his voice using his godly power. Under normal circumstances, he could totally transmit his voice to convey what he was thinking. However, his blurry godly power was destroyed by the giant strange beast as soon as it was sent.

The giant strange beast grew more furious. “Soul attack?”

Rampaging Devil God felt helpless. He couldn’t even transmit his voice. “I won’t fight you,” said Rampaging Devil God.

“Howl!” The strange giant beast charged at him.

More than 200 great beings from Universe Ocean arrived. They were exhilarated to get into the World of Jin, as it was a wonderful world. Of course, few were as unlucky as Rampaging Devil God, who had met a true god right as soon as he entered.

Hong!

The silver boat landed on a vast plain. Then it disappeared, and Luo Feng, clad in silver armor, showed up. He wore only Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor and he a pinnacle soul true treasure to protect his soul. He was also carrying Blood Shadow Blade. By all appearances, out of all his equipment, only Blood Shadow Blade was special. This was his first time here, so he hadn’t brought his most powerful valuables.

“What a beautiful world.” Luo Feng took a deep breath. A fresh, powerful force infused his body, and it was turned into godly power. “I can transform something into godly power that easily? In the original universe, I can only do that by using the law ocean. I can’t believe I can transform the energies into godly power so easily. It is such a stable world.”

Luo Feng’s godly power trembled. There weren’t even any ripples in the space around him. It was stable beyond Luo Feng’s imagination.

“Beautiful, stable, and majestic…” Luo Feng was amazed. It was a perfect world, and it might actually contain the ultimate secret of Universe Ocean.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

A great being flew forward, stepping on the ground. He was fast and landed in front of Luo Feng immediately. It was a child with two black braids in his hair. He clutched a large piece of meat in his hands as he looked at Luo Feng.

“Outsider,” said the child, “this is the land of Dry Wilderness Tribe. Why are you here? Are you one of the travelers our elders talk about?”

Luo Feng was shocked by the language spoken by the child. The indigenous being in front of him was very mediocre. He was merely an emperor undying. However, the language he was using was that which had been used to document the information in the memory stones of Duan Dong River. Apparently, this was the common tongue of the ancient civilization. With the inheritance from the ancient civilization, Luo Feng had easily learned this language.

Luo Feng nodded and spoke in the common tongue. “That’s right, I am a traveler.”

“Wow! I want to be a traveler as well. However, I need to become a law knight before I can do that.” There was envy in the child’s eyes.

In the virtual universe, Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader stood at the top of Thunder Island.

“I’ve entered the World of Jin,” said Luo Feng. “I can confirm that it’s an incredible and extraordinary world… It’s far beyond our imagining, and the language they use is the common tongue of the ancient civilization. I know this language, Teacher. I’ll leave the information about the language in the virtual universe.”

“The indigenous creatures in World of Jin are using the common tongue of the ancient civilization?” Primal Chaos City Leader was startled. “Then the World of Jin might be a remnant left behind by the ancient civilization. No wonder there are secrets about incarnation transcendence in it. The language is indeed important. It is the most important factor in integrating with the indigenous creatures.”

The World of Jin.

Luo Feng carried his blade, and under the invitation of the child, he headed toward Dry Wilderness Tribe. During his conversation with the child, he could tell that there were many beings who started to travel around when they became “law universe knights.”

Law knights must be universe knights, thought Luo Feng. Law masters must be universe masters.

“That’s our tribe.” The child was excited.

“He!”

“Fly!”

Two beings standing 100,000 kilometers tall were fighting in the distance. One held a blade, and the other held a spear. They were hitting each other like gods. One was blasted away, rolled, and hit the mountainside in the distance.

A universe master. Luo Feng was thrilled. It seems they both have perfect life gene levels.

Hong!

“Kill!”

Luo Feng carefully tried to sense the area. He saw there were many more great beings fighting in the distance. They were all universe masters.

“The warriors of my tribe are training,” said the child. “There are a billion creatures in my tribe, and they’re all incredible warriors. They became law masters after countless battles.”

A billion creatures? Thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind. Incredible. It seems that it’s also difficult to become a universe master in the World of Jin.

He extrapolated as much as possible while he speaking with the child. After all, he knew nothing about the World of Jin.

Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng and the child kept flying closer to the tribe.

“Huh?” Luo Feng spotted three towering beings standing in the sky. They were all exceptionally powerful. They wore black armor and carried hammers and axes. Their forces permeated the area. “True gods! Three true gods!”

Luo Feng was shocked to have found three true gods so soon after entering the World of Jin. How powerful did that make the rest of the World of Jin? It was such an exceptional world, yet according to ancestral gods, the creatures living here would die instantly if they entered Universe Ocean.

It was a powerful world, yet it was under heavy restraint. There was, indeed, a huge secret behind this place. Luo Feng grew more cautious.

Chapter 1345 - Wu and Jin

There were a billion members in the might Dry Wilderness Tribe. They had seen many creatures like Luo Feng who traveled around the world to sharpen themselves. It was so common that he wasn’t even received by the seniors of the tribe. However, he was still warmly welcomed by hundreds of families around the child’s family. Some great beings even came to fight Luo Feng.

“This race is obsessed with fighting,” Luo Feng sighed.

On a towering mountain, the strange giant beast and Rampaging Devil God were fighting each other.

Hong! Hong!

“Moron! Is that all you’ve got?” Rampaging Devil God roared. “Come, come, come!”

“You’ve angered me!” roared the strange, giant beast. “Angered me!”

Rampaging Devil God behaved even more recklessly and didn’t back down. He thought, I learned how to pronounce “anger.”

Great beings had great memories. Nobody had ever spoken that kind of language in Universe Ocean, so Rampaging Devil God couldn’t understand a word of it at the start. He listened to the pronunciation of that strange giant beast, and he could decipher the meaning of the common language of the ancient civilization; he could infer the meaning that corresponded to each word. It was very easy to learn a language that way.

Rampaging Devil God kept provoking the strange giant beast as he attempted to learn the pronunciation of each word. After half an hour of fighting, he had learned the pronunciation of more than 300 words.

“You’re not strong enough. Not strong enough!” Rampaging Devil God yelled.

“Howl!”

The giant strange beast was furious. This outsider had armor to protect his body, so it was difficult to fight him. As for the giant beast, he moved without any burden, and he didn’t have any precious armor from the land he randomly occupied.

“I’m angering you, angering you, angering you!” Rampaging Devil God roared, using the word he had just learned.

The giant strange beast stopped. “Damn, damn you!”

Rampaging Devil God was joyful. He had just learned the pronunciation of the word “damn.” He wasn’t stupid. He had met a true god instantly after entering the World of Jin. Apparently, the indigenous creatures were powerful beyond imagination. It was important to learn the language, and the best way to learn it was to talk to a certain creature!

I’ll keep bullying you to force you to talk. I only seek to wrong you anyway, Rampaging Devil God thought.

“You… Damn you!” The giant strange beast looked up and roared. “Come here! This guy is a handful, and he has armor. Kill him and divide the trophies!”

The voice was transmitted via godly power, and the limit speed in the World of Jin was 10,000 times faster the speed of light in the original universe. After only a few seconds, great beings burst out from different places in the mountains, and they were all ferocious, strange beasts.

Rampaging Devil God looked around. 12 beings appeared in the sky, and all of them were true gods.

“You ask for help!” Rampaging Devil God roared and tried to retreat like a streak of light.

“Seize him.”

“Don’t let him run!”

“He has armor.”

“Capture him!”

The giant, strange beast and the 12 beings flew in all directions and encircled Rampaging Devil God.

There were many members in the Dry Wilderness Tribe. In one area, two beings were fighting like two streaks of light.

Peng!

Luo Feng’s foot bore a gleaming golden light, and it struck the chest of his competitor like a burning star. The giant man rolled over and hit a hill in the distance. Rocks fell from the hill.

“Milky Way!” The rolling man flew over, holding a black stick. He roared, “That was impressive—I couldn’t even resist it. I’ve fought many travelers who came here before, and none of them was as powerful as you.”

Hundreds of children watching the fight in the distance all flew over. The leader of the children cheered. “Uncle Milky Way must have been to lots of tribes!”

“Haha!” Luo Feng strolled the leader of the child who was named “Zhen Mo E.”

Luo Feng had been in the Dry Wilderness Tribe for three days. In that time, he had pretended to be a common traveler obsessed with fighting. He learned more and more about the World of Jin during this conversations and battles with the warriors from the Dry Wilderness Tribe.

First of all, the World of Jin was an enormous world. Luo Feng didn’t know the actual number, but he knew that the World of Jin had a diameter of at least a trillion light years! Although this miniature universe looked small from the outside, it was much bigger inside— much larger than the holy lands. Only the original universe was bigger than World of Jin.

“The World of Jin is indeed incredible.” Luo Feng looked at the little child, Zhen Mo E, beside him and sighed.

There were countless tribes in the World of Jin! They fought each other for territory to survive, and their warriors were extraordinary as well. Besides, all creatures born in the World of Jin would become undying when they matured! They took the energies from the World of Jin from birth, and as time went by, they mastered a law.

Everyone could become undying, and after some training, they could become law knights (universe knights). However, it was very difficult to become law masters (universe masters). Normally, only one out of 100 ordinary warriors (law knights) could become a law master.

As for true treasures, it was rarer. And those more powerful than true treasures were exceptional. However, based on his conversations with the locals, there must have been beings more powerful than true gods, as there was one in Dry Wilderness Tribe. He was the greatest being of the tribe, and he was also their pride and joy. It was their leader, “Dry Wilderness”! Because of the power of this leader, the status of Dry Wilderness Tribe was very stable.

“Incarnation transcendence, incarnation transcendence!” Luo Feng was excited upon hearing the news.

Surpassing true gods meant successfully transcending incarnations! There was a powerful being that surpassed true gods in Dry Wilderness Tribe, which meant there must have been lots of beings like this in the World of Jin. It was right for the powers from Universe Ocean to come to the World of Jin to look for chances of transcending incarnations.

On the sixth day of Luo Feng’s stay in Dry Wilderness Tribe, he was talking to his best friend here, Northern Wind. “Northern Wind,” he said. “I’m leaving.”

“Leaving? Are you continuing traveling?” said Northern Wind.

Northern Wind was a highly gifted warrior, and the entire tribe believed he could become a true god! He was also the most powerful universe master that Luo Feng had fought. Of course, Luo Feng could still suppress him, which was why they admired each other.

“No! I’m joining the military this time.” Luo Feng looked into the distance.

“The military?” Northern Wind’s eyes gleamed.

“Yes.” There was a measure of expectation in Luo Feng’s voice. “I’ve been traveling for a long time, so it’s time for me to join the military. I want to be stronger, so I want to join the military of the king. That’s the best way. That’s where countless great beings of the World of Jin gather.”

After learning lots of information from the tribe, Luo Feng knew that the tribes in the World of Jin also called this world “World of Jin.” Besides, the entire world had a common master, “Majesty of Godly King.”

Luo Feng knew that the World of Jin was only one power that belonged to the great Majesty of Godly King, and it was for honing great beings. Only supreme beings were summoned by Majesty of Godly King, left the World of Jin, and fought for him.

To fight for Majesty of Godly King was the desire of all the indigenous creatures in the World of Jin. However, Majesty of Godly King hadn’t taken supreme beings from the World of Jin for a long time.

Luo Feng was astounded when he learned this information. The entire World of Jin belonged a single king?

Because of the inheritance from Duan Dong River, Luo Feng knew that there were many powers in the ancient civilization. “Wu” was one such power, and the supreme leader of Wu was the so-called “Majesty.” That was the information Luo Feng got from the inheritance.

The previous Duan Dong River was bestowed with the name “Wu,” and it was an incredible honor. In the military of the World of Jin, only those most talented and bravest elites could be bestowed the name “Jin.” And Majesty of Godly King hadn’t summoned warriors from his World of Jin for a long time.

Luo Feng extrapolated that Wu and Jin must be different powers from the ancient civilization. Duan Dong River was from the “Wu” team; the World of Jin was from the “Jin” team.

Majesty of Godly King hadn’t summoned great beings for a long time. The World of Jin was in Universe Ocean now, and it was in the human-shaped object. Luo Feng extrapolated that the great Majesty of Godly King from Jin might have died, and that human figure was Majesty of Godly King!

“That godly body is so powerful that it can crash Universe Boat. The shock waves can annihilate supreme true treasures, and the breath inside his body could annihilate supreme true treasures. That’s a supreme being from the ancient civilization.”

The ancient civilization was mighty. Universe Boat, Duan Dong River, the black-striped stone pillar, Boat of Mausoleum, Shi Wu Wing… He could tell from everything that had been left behind.

But even though the ancient civilization had been powerful, it hadn’t ended well. The beings in the World of Jin were lucky to still be alive. However, they couldn’t leave the World of Jin at all. If they did, they would die instantly.

The World of Jin was for cultivating great beings for the military, which was why a portion of warriors at the law master level would be taken away! They would spend a long time in the military, after which they could retire. If they were layabouts, however, they would be hunted by the entire World of Jin.

The military was the most powerful force in the World of Jin. There were lots of pieces of armor in the military. The so-called “supreme true treasures” were only outfits for true gods. There were also lots of inheritances. However, the elimination rates in the military were very high. And if someone was eliminated, he would die! It was so ruthless that fewer than five out of 100 who entered the military survived.

There were many benefits to joining the military; 99 percent of the great beings in the World of Jin, including those stronger than true gods, gathered in the military. The core secrets were shared only there, which was why Luo Feng had to go! He believed that with the inheritance from Duan Dong River, he could earn a place in the military!

“Are you going to the military?” Northern Wind roared. “Wait. There will be a group of warriors from my tribe going, and I’ll join as well… We can go together.”

“Oh?” Luo Feng nodded. “Then let’s join the military together.”

Chapter 1346 - We Are the

Rightful Protagonists

So, in order to set off together, Luo Feng waited at Dry Wilderness Tribe. However, what Northern Wind—a warrior from this tribe— meant by “very quickly” was actually a long period of half a year.

In the virtual universe, at the peak of Thunder Island, a group of universe masters from the human race had gathered, ready to discuss their plan of action regarding the fourth most dangerous land, the “World of Jin.” Universe masters were steadily arriving, and the atmosphere was filled with enthusiasm.

“Have you heard that there is an existence in the World of Jin that transcends a true god?”

“I heard that within the World of Jin, there are many supreme true treasures!”

“Luo Feng, are there many universe supreme masters over there?”

Every one of these universe masters was extremely excited. Luo Feng was the only one from the human race who had entered the World of Jin this time. The other great beings were in no rush at all.

Hu!

Primal Chaos City Leader appeared. All the universe masters ceased to chatter as the place quietened down. Primal Chaos City Leader sat on the main throne with Luo Feng on one side and Darkness Master on his other side.

“Dear all,” he said. Seated on the main throne, his gaze swept across the crowd. “At this point, the World of Jin has been opened for some time. Other than our Hong Alliance, great beings from the various groups of top powers from Universe Ocean have also entered the World of Jin. The Hong Alliance has collected quite a bit of information; the other groups of powers have also gathered some information. After we have exchanged information and communicated with one another about certain information… Today, I will explain certain things before we decide on what approach we should adopt toward this World of Jin.”

“World of Jin…”

“Incomparably powerful!”

“But, in actual fact, it should be considered a fragment of the world of the ancient civilization,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “The ancient civilization fell long ago. This World of Jin may be powerful, but its great beings who were natives of that world were eternally kept within the World of Jin. There is no way out alive. The humans… We are the true protagonists of this era.”

Luo Feng’s eyes lit up. In reality, when he had established contact with the World of Jin, he did feel the pressure, but now, hearing this… Indeed, the World of Jin could only be considered a large “cage.” The great beings inside—no matter how impressive they were—could not leave. Their era was a thing of the past. Now, it was his generation’s turn to be the protagonists!

“It, of course, will never truly be as powerful as the world of the ancient civilization in its entirety,” Primal Chaos City Leader said solemnly. “Yet it was, after all, a fragment of that world of the ancient civilization. To us, who are still very tender, this is definitely an opportunity not to be missed—and also, a challenge we should face up to. Now, from the human race, only Luo Feng stands alone in the World of Jin. Over there, universe supreme masters were known as ‘true gods.’ And the existences at this true god level… are aplenty. And of course, since these true god existences were considered to be supreme masters, they can occupy a small territory. But in the World of Jin, there are existences more powerful than true gods! So long as we can achieve that level, we can easily transcend reincarnation.

“Fighting! In the World of Jin, there is fighting everywhere. The core of the World of Jin is none other than its army—an army that belongs to a particular Majesty of Godly King. This army is formed by carrying out brutally stringent selection and elimination processes. Once a great being sets foot in there, all freedom is lost. He must adhere to military orders and undergo various cruel selection tests where the risks of annihilation are extremely high.”

Primal Chaos City Leader added most solemnly, “The various groups of powers of Universe Ocean have sent more than 200 great beings in, but solely from what I know, the number annihilated already exceeds 120!”

“What!”

“Exceeds 120?”

“So many?”

There were exclamations of shock all over the place, even Luo Feng was in shock. Primal Chaos City Leader had not mentioned anything about this to him.

“Yes.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “In World of Jin, there are many tribes established in addition to the countless ancient tribes. There are many kinds of special life forms and various kinds of beasts entrenched in the wilderness. Walking about the lands in the wilderness is dangerous, as you may easily be attacked. The natives know of certain safe routes, but we don’t, which is why more than half the number of great beings were annihilated although they had spent less than half a year in the World of Jin after entering. No one has been accepted into the army yet! And already, more than half have been annihilated!

“If the final selections were made, it was said that the rate of annihilation would exceed 95 percent! Being part of the army, one can have access to the detailed guidance on cultivating to become an existence that surpasses a true god, but judging by the rate of annihilation, it is clear that throughout our entire Universe Ocean, there might not even be one who could finally achieve the level that surpasses a true god.”

Silence. The human universe masters who had been filled with enthusiasm and eagerness earlier all fell silent.

Even without being accepted into the army, many great beings were annihilated.

With the army in the picture… another batch of universe masters hoping to become universe supreme masters (true gods) would be further eliminated, and from true god to an even higher level, the army would not impart their information that easily, so the rate of elimination would be unimaginably high.

How cruel! Even Luo Feng kept mum. Indeed, it would be difficult. But he was confident!

“My human race already has the inheritance of the ancient civilization,” Primal Chaos City Leader said. “In that World of Jin, it qualifies to be regarded as a high-end inheritance. This is why we should not take the risk for now. We should just observe for the time being. With the passing of time, when more things about the World of Jin are unearthed, the secrets of the World of Jin will gradually surface… For those who earnestly want to go ahead, then only those with multiple bodies shall be allowed to venture into the World of Jin.”

“Hmm.”

“We have to be prudent.”

The universe masters started to cool down and were no longer as fervent as before. A true-blue great being was fearless—but not reckless.

Luo Feng also agreed with Primal Chaos City Leader’s suggestion. After all, based on what he had learned, there was no inheritance within the tribes. Should anyone want to become a supreme master, the only way was to be accepted into the army! This was the ironclad law of the World of Jin. Only upon being accepted into the army was one allowed to have the profound inheritance, yet even if they gained guidance, those returning great beings would not dare to impart anything within their tribes.

As for entering the army? It was too dangerous!

The tragic results of the first batch of entrants seemed to have poured a bucket of cold water over the various top powers. They had been filled with enthusiasm and eagerness earlier on, but the reality had awakened them from any wishful thinking.

Inheritance? Within the army, there was a profound inheritance, an inheritance that could allow them to transcend reincarnation, but were they able to survive the tedious selection process to get that inheritance?

Supreme true treasure? There were many in the army, but those were standard pieces of equipment made for true gods. How many true gods were there in the Universe Ocean? Not even 100. And if they were to join the army, more than 90 percent would be annihilated? Would there not be only less than ten true gods left in the entire Universe Ocean? Just to get hold of standard equipment? Just the thought of it could send shivers down one’s spine.

“No rush!”

“We can only enter once every era, so we can take it slow.”

“So what if the great beings who were natives of the World of Jin were very powerful? They are trapped in there for eternity. Those pitiful natives, still shouting about their loyalty to fight for their Majesty of Godly King. I think their Majesty of Godly King may have already been annihilated.”

The various groups of top powers from the Universe Ocean seemed to have realized how powerless they were, so they took it as they were the protagonists of their era, while their opponents were merely pitiful creatures trapped in a large cage. They believed as much purely to console themselves—to feel better about their plight. After all, they were all top-tiered existences to begin with, but when they were in the World of Jin, they became ordinary great beings. Who would not feel terrible when subjected to such an extreme change?

World of Jin, Dry Wilderness Tribe.

Northern Wind was shouting for Luo Feng. “Let’s go, Milky Way, let’s go. We must set off now.”

Luo Feng bade farewell to some friends he had made over the past half a year, then he speedily went over to meet up with Northern Wind.

“You must come back.”

“Trust me.”

“Do return.”

“If you don’t become a true god, you can forget about coming back to me.”

There was much hustle and bustle as a big crowd of tens of thousands of people gathered consisting of good friends or children who were eager and full of hope. These children yearned to join the army when they grew up. However, the baseline for joining the army was that they needed to be law masters.

“Come up quickly!” roared a true god wearing a helmet. On his helmet was a pair of horns, one of which was broken. “Hurry!”

A dark red, huge ship was suspended above him. This ancient ship exuded a powerful aura. Raising his head to look up, Luo Feng saw that this ancient ship was a supreme true treasure.

“Back when Uncle Northern Rock was in the army, he had made a great achievement,” Northern Wind said with great excitement. “Thus, he earned himself this battleship. With this battleship, we will be much safer on our way to the army base. When I get to the army, I will ask for a bigger and more powerful battleship.”

Luo Feng said, “We should get something better. Much better than this.”

“Yes, something much better.” Northern Wind nodded.

The true god with a helmet, who was gathering his fellow tribespeople, turned back to look. With one wave, he gave Northern Wind a firm pat on his shoulder. His pat was so strong that Northern Wind’s body actually trembled slightly. “Well said. You are doing better than me! Wind! From our family of the Northern name… By far, you are the most outstanding one. Don’t put us to shame.”

“Yes, Uncle,” Northern Wind replied right away.

Luo Feng was a little taken aback by what he saw. How terrifying! One casual pat from this true god who had appeared so suddenly! He was worried that if that had been his shoulder instead, he would not have been able to dodge in time. This was undoubtedly a powerful true god—one who had survived the brutal stages of selection and even worthy enough to earn a reward. What might be a casual pat on the shoulder to this true god, from how Luo Feng saw it, in terms of how impressive its strength was, Luo Feng’s guess was that it would have reached the level of ninth-tier as the top.

“Let’s go!” Northern Wind called out to Luo Feng, who also following Northern Wind into the battleship.

One after another, powerful warriors from the clan were entering the battleship. Some started to howl loudly; apparently, it was a way to show that they were filled with boundless fighting spirit.

A short moment later…

The interior of the battleship was very simple. The huge cabin could house 800 lofty bodies, where each and every one was consistently at a height of 10,000 kilometers. There might even be some who were as tall as 100,000 kilometers tall, but none dared to make any reckless moves.

“This time, from my Dry Wilderness tribe, there will be 800 warriors joining the East Army!” Northern Rock True God stood in the forefront as he spoke in his forceful voice. “This time around, other than our tribe, there will be another brave soul joining us on our adventure—Milky Way! Given Milky Way’s power, among all 800 of you, none is comparable at all. If there is someone here who can get into the army and catch up with Milky Way, I will give this battleship to him!”

Suddenly, many warriors looked toward Luo Feng, and there was an air of provocation.

Luo Feng felt a sense of helplessness. He had become a benchmark. He might have sparred with quite a few great beings these days, but these 800 warriors came from different regions of the entire tribe, so there were many whom Luo Feng had yet to cross paths with.

“What are you all staring at?” roared the gigantic Northern Wind, who stood beside Luo Feng. “Even I am not Milky Way’s match! Let alone all of you!”

“What?”

“Even Northern Wind yourself is not a match?”

The simple-minded warriors who had been more provocative earlier on instantly looked at Luo Feng differently. Many of them were in shock and felt a newfound admiration for Luo Feng. The whole World of Jin was always respectful toward powerful great beings.

Northern Rock True God shouted, “All you young fellows! I’m not afraid to tell you all that back when I was still a law master, I joined the army with a batch of 800 fellow tribesmen, but in the end, only 21 of us made it back alive! And only three of us could finally become true gods! I truly hope that all of you here can be stronger than my batch.”

Instant silence.

Everyone knew how brutal life in the army was, but they were all gathered for the purpose of joining. And now, hearing what Northern Rock True God had to say, the pressure on them grew even heavier.

“True god? Not only must we be true gods, but we must become true gods of the void space!” Northern Wind bellowed.

“True god of the void space.”

“True god of the void space!”

Warriors of the other tribes suddenly started howling one by one. This was their dream. That was every warrior’s dream, and the entire Dry Wilderness Tribe only had one true god of the void space —it was none other than their tribe leader! All of them yearned to become an invincible true god of the void space.

Luo Feng stood aside in silence, with fists clenched, as he listened to the ongoing conversations. A true god of the void space? Based on the information he had, above a “true god,” was a “true god of the void space”!

Northern Rock True God’s lips curved upward as he saw the upsurge of fighting spirit from his tribe’s warriors. Then he shouted, “Let’s set off.”

Hong!

The ancient battleship swept past like flowing light and rapidly disappeared into the sky.

Chapter 1347

The World of Jin was enormous. The 800 warriors from the Dry Wilderness Tribe, including Luo Feng, sometimes teleported and sometimes flew fast, led by true god “Northern Rock.” They met lots of dangers while traveling, and they surprised lots of warriors who hadn’t journeyed in the World of Jin for a long time.

“I heard that Nine Smoke Marsh is occupied by the strange beasts of three true gods of void space,” Northern Wind looked down and exclaimed. “And they lead many strange beasts. Even warriors from the east army will come to wage wars on Nine Smoke Marsh. No wonder! It’s Nine Smoke Marsh!”

Luo Feng looked down as well. It was a vast marsh, and clouds and mist were flowing up in the air. Sometimes, strange beasts appeared in the mist, and there were a great many true gods. It was a power ten times stronger than Dry Wilderness Tribe.

“Three true gods of void space!” Luo Feng exclaimed.

It could be said that there were two kinds of powers in World of Jin: tribes and strange beasts. They all submitted to the armies! Armies were superior, but sometimes, to train the warriors, they would send ordinary warriors to fight those strange beasts and tribes. However, those fights were all just practice, so true gods of void space didn’t need to meddle.

They kept moving forward. Even Luo Feng was amazed at how many powerful creatures there were in the World of Jin.

There are around 1,000 true gods in Dry Wilderness Tribe. As for Nine Smoke Marsh, there are 10,000 true gods, Luo Feng thought. There are countless tribes and strange beasts in the World of Jin. How many great beings are there in the army?

Northern Rock True God led the warriors, and they were in supreme true treasure ship, so they didn’t encounter any dangers during the trip. However, they witnessed many.

After around three months, Northern Rock True God looked to the sky in the distance and yelled, “We’re arriving at the East Army camp.”

“East Army camp?”

The warriors all followed, including Luo Feng. They could see that the sky in the distance had forces permeating from it. With the ship moving forward quickly, it became much clearer. They could see the endless army camp.

“It’s the East Army camp!”

Luo Feng was elated. He knew that there were four armies in the military: east, south, west, and north. Though they were all loyal to His Majesty the Godly King. And they were also competitors against each other.

“It’s enormous!” the warriors from Dry Wilderness Camp all exclaimed.

It was amazing. In the boundless camp, soldiers were everywhere, standing close to each other. The most common ones were universe masters. Other than soldiers, there were also strange beasts who had joined the army. There were many varieties of strange beasts, which dazed all the warriors, including Luo Feng.

“What’s that?”

“What…?”

“It’s so tall!”

The warriors all noticed those strange objects that were standing. Each was over 100 million kilometers tall. Compared to them, the warriors looked tiny.

“Huh?” Luo Feng also looked at them. They were strange objects over 100 million kilometers tall, and they looked like giant, oval-shaped fortresses. There were tens of thousands of oval-shaped fortresses. Other than those, there were also quite a few strange objects that looked like flying beasts.

“Those are machines!” Northern Rock True God exclaimed. “Those are machines built by machine soldiers.”

“Machines?”

“Machines that can be used by a large group of warriors?”

“Machines that can easily kill true gods of void space?”

The tribe warriors were all excited, and so was Luo Feng. Of course, he knew about machine-type valuables. He had heard about them from the inheritance from Duan Dong River, but he only knew about them. He only saw a few, yet those in the distance were all machine-type valuables.

“Can kill true gods of void space,” confirmed Northern Rock True God with a nod. “That’s right. Look at that oval-shaped machine. It’s called ‘Jin Luo Sky and Land.’ It requires at least one million true gods to fully control it, and it can hold ten million true gods… If it’s used, it can kill a group of true gods of void space.”

Luo Feng was amazed. Ten million true gods? It was a top-tier machine even judging by the standards of the ancient civilization.

“The best machine the World of Jin has made is Jin Luo Sky and Land,” said Northern Rock True God proudly. “The material is very simple, yet the power can reach the apex. Besides, it can be mass produced. The East Army alone has made many versions of Jin Luo Sky and Land. Even the warriors from all the armies need to use them. It’s still more than adequate. There are too many of Jin Luo Sky and Land. They are for His Majesty the Godly King, and they’re meant to be used for fighting outside. However, His Majesty the Godly King hasn’t summoned warriors for a long time.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Jin Luo Sky and Land was used for fighting outside. The fights inside World of Jin wouldn’t involve machines like that.

“See those small machines like flying beasts around Jin Luo Sky and Land? That’s ‘Jiu Xiu.’ It is also one of the best machines the World of Jin has ever made.” Northern Rock True God kept introducing the machines. “Jiu Xiu needs at least 100 true gods to be driven, and it can hold at least 1,000 true gods. It is known for being fast and flexible! It’s also great at defense. Even though it only has one fighting technique, it’s a very useful machine in a large-scale war.”

Luo Feng nodded. Not all types of machines were suitable for large-scale wars. There were many great beings in the ancient civilization, and the large-scale wars between major powers could be horrifying. Some machines might be destroyed as soon as they entered the war zone. Machines were useful for the weak, but for ancestral teachers and godly kings, they were much less so.

To true gods and true gods of void space, machines were of great use! Great machines that were fit for wars could be mass-produced and some materials were indeed complicated.

His Majesty the Godly King might have died already, Luo Feng thought. Without the summons from His Majesty the Godly King, the army in the World of Jin can only keep making machines based on the previous order. They have to keep preparing and waiting for a summons, yet they might never be summoned. Those machines might be a waste.

Luo Feng shook his head. He didn’t want those machines. After all, they required too many great beings to be used. Jin Luo Sky and Land needed at least a million true gods! How was that possible in Universe Ocean? Even Jiu Xiu required at least 100 true gods, which was still over the capacity of Universe Ocean.

“The ancient civilization is indeed extraordinary.” Luo Feng sighed.

He wasn’t surprised that it was this powerful. The existence of Universe Boat had implied the supreme power of the ancient civilization. If Universe Boat utilized its full power, even 100 million true gods were nothing.

Unfortunately, Universe Boat is broken and has to stay there forever. The human shape, which might be His Majesty the Godly King, may be lying there eternally as well. The inheritors of Duan Dong River have all died, and I’m the only one left…

Luo Feng shook his head. It was cruel. He could still sense the influences of the ancient civilization in the World of Jin.

The East Army camp was enormous. A quarter of the tribes and strange beasts in the World of Jin joined the East Army, so there were warriors joining every day. The process was strenuous, which was why the warriors who came here for assessment formed a long line; there seemed to be no end.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

The spaceship landed on a plain. It could be said that two true treasure palaces landed in the distance as well. Apparently, they were carrying warriors as well.

“Quick! Come out! Hurry! Come out!” Northern Rock True God yelled.

All 800 warriors from Dry Wilderness Tribe and Luo Feng exited the palace. They came to the plain.

“Go and line up there,” yelled Northern Rock True God. “Wait for the elimination. Do not fail to join the army.”

Northern Rock True God was very familiar with the process, so everything went smoothly. The 800 warriors, including Luo Feng, immediately stood at the back of the long line and started to wait for their turn.

“Gosh, how long are we going to wait?” Northern Wind asked.

Luo Feng also looked to the front. There were so many creatures, and other than humanoid creatures, there were also lots of strange beasts in the line. Apparently, it was not only those from the tribes who were joining the army.

“There seem to be 800,000 waiting in line,” said Northern Rock True God, glancing around. “It should take around half a month before it’s your turn. Just wait here. There’s no need to rush. Prepare for everything that’s about to happen. Even the initial screening kills two-thirds of the candidates, and only one-third of them can successfully join the army.”

Luo Feng was astounded. Two-thirds died during the initial screening?

“Do not bring shame upon Dry Wilderness Tribe!” yelled Northern Rock True God. He then left and flew to talk to other true gods from other tribes. “Haha! Zan Xu Tribe, your warriors have also arrived. They seem fine.”

The true gods were talking with each other. Northern Rock True God didn’t rush to leave. He would wait, as he needed to see how many from Dry Wilderness Tribe would be able to join the army.

Time flew by.

The warriors from all the tribes and the strange beasts from all the lands were being screened. Roaring, yelling, and bellowing sounds were transmitted from the front of the line. Apparently, the screening process was ruthless.

Luo Feng was moving forward with the line. After half a month, it was his turn, along with the warriors from Dry Wilderness Tribe.

“Next round, 3,000,” roared a strange beast with a bloody horn. “Come in, all of you.”

3,000 warriors, including Luo Feng and those from Dry Wilderness Tribe, were led in. They were about to start being screened for the army.

Chapter 1348

All the 3,000 warriors and strange beasts were led by several true gods and headed toward that giant stone arch.

“Milky Way.” Northern Wind’s eyes gleamed, and he transmitted his voice. “Kill as many as possible. If you perform well enough, you’ll be selected into the special army.”

“Special troop?” Luo Feng was startled.

Northern Wind transmitted his voice. “There are many troops in the east army, and 99 percent are in the ordinary troops. Chances are none of the 3,000 candidates can get into the special troop. However, you’re very powerful, so there’s hope for you. Remember, we need to stay close to each other when we just get in.”

Northern Wind and Luo Feng then followed the crowd and entered through that stone arch.

Hong!

The time and space immediately changed after they passed the stone arch. They entered a deserted plain, and there was sand everywhere.

“Where is this…?” Luo Feng looked around, and soon, the other 2,999 warriors and strange beasts also looked around.

They could see clearly an area of 100 million square kilometers, and it was darker in the distance. It was a desert.

The control over the time and space of the ancient civilization is perfect, Luo Feng thought. He was standing right beside Northern Wind, and the other warriors were also staying around them.

As they were looking around, an invisible force arrived, covering the entire desert. All the warriors and strange beasts looked up. A single-horned man in black armor appeared in the sky. He looked down with his cold, golden eyes. Suddenly, two beams of golden light shot out of his golden eyes!

Hong! Hong!

The beams hit the desert, becoming circles around 1,500 warriors and strange beasts. Then the group of warriors and strange beasts encircled on the left had a blurry red light, while those on the right had a blurry yellow light.

An invisible pressure covered everyone, and all were intimidated.

The force wasn’t strong, yet its superiority and the trembling of godly power made everyone realize that the being in the sky wasn’t a true god. Instead, it must have been someone at a higher level… A true god of void space!

Luo Feng looked up. A true god of void space? A being who could transcend incarnations?

The single-horned man looked down and yelled, “You will be divided into two teams! You’ll try to kill each other and to kill as many as possible. When I tell you to stop, those who survive can join the military. Show all your power, and if there are any exceptional ones, you might be able to join the special troop!” Then the single-horned man yelled, “Begin!” and disappeared into the darkness.

Half of the warriors and strange beasts glowed in red light while the other half was yellow. They couldn’t help feeling ferocious.

“Damn it.” Northern Wind clenched his teeth.

Luo Feng glanced around. Although the warriors from Dry Wilderness Tribe all stayed together, almost 100 warriors were still encircled on the opposite side.

“No wonder Northern Wind told me to stay close to him.” Luo Feng looked around.

“Kill!”

“Howl!”

The warriors and strange beasts all started to roar and turned into streaks of light. The warriors from Dry Wilderness Tribe all knew well enough, not to fight those from the same tribe, and they chose to fight those from other tribes or lands, trying to kill them.

“Special troop?” Luo Feng’s eyes glinted fiercely.

He had three goals he wished to achieve in the World of Jin. The first one was to gather creatures from the World of Jin, especially bodies of true gods, for him to study the composition of creatures. It could help him achieve a life gene level of 90,000 times as soon as possible and became a true god.

The second goal was to learn about the secrets in Universe Ocean. And the third was to gather machine type valuables!

He knew about the ancient civilization, so he knew clearly that for the ordinary class—and even for the great beings class—machine type valuables were highly useful. Only when someone became a supreme being would machine type valuables be rendered useless. The more ordinary someone was, the more useful a machine type valuable would be!

A true god with a precious machine type valuable could rival a true god of void space!

Even though he had Boat of Mausoleum, that was only for defense. Shi Wu Wing was also an assistance type, and it was highly advanced. The complete Shi Wu Wings would be for highly advanced beings to use. Luo Feng needed those most suitable for him!

The east army had a great many machine type valuables—even ones that could be used by millions of true gods all at once, not to mention those used by individuals. Those within the second category were Luo Feng’s target. As long as he could obtain some of them, the humans would have a very strong and stable status in Universe Ocean.

However, he inferred that the original mind knew everything, yet it had still told the ancestral gods to guide them instead of stopping them. That meant the more powerful a machine type valuable was, the more difficult it was to get it. On his trip here, he hadn’t seen any true god obtaining a machine type valuable. That meant only those with special statuses could obtain them, not mediocre ones. Only those in the special troop could obtain them!

There were special forces in the army on the earth, and training was offered in the virtual universe company. The same rule applied here. There were countless soldiers in the army of the World of Jin, and it was normal that there were special troops who were equipped with special valuables.

Broken bodies and blood were scattered everywhere, and the great beings from both teams fought each other crazily.

“Kill!”

Luo Feng held Blood Shadow Blade and rushed toward the warriors and strange beasts. He killed everyone with a red light!

The blade light was gleaming and sweeping across the area. The time and space were very stable, so there were no space ripples even beneath the power so many universe masters fighting each other.

The World of Jin is a world where there is lots of fighting, thought Luo Feng. The ancient civilization has never ended here, so the great beings are generally more powerful than those in Universe Ocean.

He could tell that the weakest ones were at top-tier level four, while most of them could reach level five or even top-tier level five. As for Northern Wind, he was covered in gray, and each attack from him could reach level six. He was the center of Dry Wilderness Tribe, and he had a supreme true treasure armor.

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

During the fight, some great beings from other teams might make sneak attacks, which made the fight furiously! They were all universe masters, so it was difficult to kill someone in one shot. However, universe masters fought at high speed; it was not surprising that two-thirds died within half an hour, meaning the weaker ones needed to be careful and stall for time. All they needed to do was to stay alive.

The weaker ones were careful, but the stronger ones—especially the two with supreme true treasures—were trying to display as much power as they could. They wanted to be selected for the special troop. They included Northern Wind from the yellow-light team and a strange beast from the red-light team.

“Argh!” the strange beast roared and rushed toward Northern Wind. “Die!”

“You’re the one dying!” Northern Wind yelled as he rushed forward.

Hong! Hong!

The two of them fought each other, and after only a few attacks, Northern Wind was hit on the head and rolled away. He immediately stood up and clenched his teeth, shouting, “Burning godly power technique! My father is the master of Northern True Ocean! This is the power burning technique of Northern True Ocean.”

The strange beast with two wings was roaring, which upset Northern Wind.

Luo Feng, who had just killed a warrior from the opposite team, turned around and yelled, “Let me fight him, Northern Wind.”

Hong!

Luo Feng raced forward like a bolt of lightning.

“Great.” Northern Wind retreated. He had found this strange beast to be terrifying during his fight against him. It carried a set of supreme true treasures, and he had the godly power burning technique. Though there were rules in the military, and some inheritance information within the military was forbidden to be leaked, the elements comprehended by individuals were exceptions to the rule.

Northern True Ocean was a superpower among the strange beasts. There were nine true gods of void space in Northern True Ocean, and the leader was a mighty limit true god of void space. They all enjoyed high status in the World of Jin. Compared to them, the Dry Wilderness Tribe were nobodies.

“Die!” the strange beast roared and dashed at Luo Feng.

“Burning godly power technique?” Luo Feng sneered. It wasn’t anything new to him. There were many volumes in Duan Mie created by the three ancestral teachers, and universe supreme masters could learn the first three volumes! It was not uncommon for some great beings to create techniques like those of the first and second volume. After all, the World of Jin contained a rich inheritance from the ancient civilization as well.

“Slash!” Luo Feng’s shadow took on a blurry appearance.

Hua!

Luo Feng went to the back of that strange beast, and his Blood Shadow Blade turned into a thin trace of light. That light immediately expanded and became a miniature universe, enveloping the entire strange beast.

The killings were brutal, and with time passing, warriors and strange beasts died. But the most ferocious fight was the one between Luo Feng and the strange beast.

The strange beast had a set of supreme true treasures, and he had a godly power burning technique. Luo Feng had practiced for over eight million years, and in the space of inheritance, that was more than eight million eras. Over the course of eight million eras of training, his blade techniques and close combat techniques had been greatly enhanced. However, he wasn’t sure about the situation in the army, which was why he didn’t use all his power. After all, it would be incredible if he utilized all his power.

He was a talent that was cultivated by the inheritance from Duan Dong River. And in the World of Jin, all the precious inheritance was in the military. How could he be so powerful without the special inheritance? It was unrealistic! The military might carefully examine his background, which would get Luo Feng into trouble. After he learned more about the military, he could slowly increase the amount of power he demonstrated, improve his power, and get what he wanted.

“Your godly power is under 50 percent now. You’re not my match!”

Luo Feng was mad. His body moved fast as lightning. During those eight million eras, he had created a close combat technique, Flowing Gold, based on the close combat technique Blood Ocean created by the third ancestral teacher from Duan Dong River.

Peng!

The strange beast rolled and hit the endless sand. His godly body was at less than 50 percent, being ten times weaker than it had been at the beginning, and he was not Luo Feng’s match.

“Stop!”

A powerful force arrived suddenly.

If the force before had been like a breeze, this one was like a mountain.

Hong! Long!

The universe masters who were fighting all groveled, including Luo Feng. They couldn’t resist this power in the slightest.

Is this the power of a true god of void space? Luo Feng wondered in amazement.

The single-horned man walked down and looked around. 921 survived.

“You and you!” The single-horned man pointed at Luo Feng and that strange beast. “You two will join the Python River Army.”

Chapter 1349

“Haha! We survived.”

“We have made it into the East Army.”

“That was one scary fellow with his blade. Luckily, he was engaged in a fight with Wu He from Northern True Ocean. If not, we would have been in deep trouble.”

The warriors and beasts who had managed to survive were all highly excitable, with only a handful mourning the deaths of their fellow companions who had been annihilated. Since youth, they had witnessed the annihilation of scores of companions, so this was nothing new.

There was a legend that the whole World of Jin knew: Annihilation was the manifestation of reincarnation. The living souls of the World of Jin knew this by heart, so they would silently send their partners off with blessings and not be overly upset. After all, anyone on the path of great beings was destined for a high probability of annihilation! Just to enter the army, two-thirds would have lost their lives. What might happen thereafter was not a difficult guess.

“Hurry, hurry, hurry!”

“Let’s go quickly.”

In the desolated desert space, a huge, arched door appeared out of nowhere. From it, three true gods, all shouting at the top of their voices, walked out. The surviving warriors and beasts walked over obediently and immediately; after all, they were about to undergo the next round of selection.

“The two of you,” said one of the true god warriors. He was clothed in dark red armor with a large tail and gazed at Luo Feng and his unusual beast companion with the single, red eye on his head. “Follow me. I will bring both of you to Python River Army.”

“All right,” Luo Feng replied.

The unusual beast, which was badly battered, also replied, “All right.”

The two followed this true god, who was the first to head outside via the arched door.

“Milky Way, good luck!” Northern Wind shouted.

Luo Feng also turned his head to shout, “Good luck!”

Just like that, the two parted ways. Within the army, it was not up to their will to do as they pleased. Northern Wind’s ability was still far from the expectations of Python River Army. He might have been considered an elite, but he was not considered to be a true genius, so he would not be accepted into the army at the beginning. If he could demonstrate outstanding performance in the period that followed, there was a chance he could still be accepted into the special troop.

The only problem was that by then, it might no longer be the Python River Army but some other special army troop.

Luo Feng and the beast followed behind the single-eyed true god to fly within the vast army camp. They flew at the speed of light.

“All of space is completely sealed.” Luo Feng muttered under his breath. “Seems like within the army camp, it is impossible to teleport.”

“I am Wu He from the Northern True Ocean,” a voice resounded. “My father is the master of Northern True Ocean!”

Luo Feng turned around and grinned. “I am Milky Way! Everywhere can be home to me!”

“Oh!” This beast, “Wu He,” nodded his hideous head to show that he understood.

In the World of Jin, wars between tribes and wars between beasts were common and all too frequent. Some of the tribespeople lost their homes as a result and were forced to become refugees roaming about! Of course, there were some who were willing to roam about to hone their skills and abilities.

“You are very impressive,” Wu He complimented.

Luo Feng smiled and returned the compliment. “You are not too bad yourself.”

“There are many special troops within the East Army. Python River Army is just one of the many,” Wu He explained. “During the initial screening we had to go through when we first join the army, that is when they identify the extraordinary talents. It is extremely rare to be chosen for this special troop. In particular, the others will be further deployed to other troops… which is why, within a short period of time, the new recruits for Python River Army will only be the two of us. For those of us who have just joined the army, the veterans will look down on us. We have to join forces.”

“Join forces?” Luo Feng was shocked.

“The life of a soldier is a life of battle,” Wu He said. “These experienced warriors were accepted into the special troops because they were outstanding to begin with. They had their inheritance of the army and long-term cultivation. With these factors combined— along with the rich experience they gained from life-and-death situations that allowed them to hone their skills whenever they go out to fight battles—indeed, they will be very impressive.”

Luo Feng nodded to show that he understood.

Impressive? What a joke.

The warriors of Python River Army might have been really impressive, but compared to one who owned the inheritance of Duan Dong River, they were still a notch lower—unless they had automaton type treasures that could allow them to bypass levels and unleash stronger powers!

The army camp of the East Army was so massive that it was said to be endlessly vast.

Luo Feng and Wu He followed that single-eyed true god, flying if he flew and traveling via wormhole transportation if he did so. It took around half a day’s time to finally arrive before an incomparably towering hall. Inside, there were many people and beasts all over the place.

“The two of you, wait here,” the single-eyed true god ordered.

Luo Feng and Wu He obediently waited outside the towering hall while the single-eyed true god entered alone.

“What is this place?” Luo Feng asked Wu He, who was right beside him.

“This is one of the military points.” Wu He swayed his head, and the two wings on his neck were set to a fanning motion. “The military supplies for our Python River Army should be found here. Look, there are many warriors going in. They must be here to change their military arms.”

“Change their military arms?” Luo Feng was taken aback.

“Yes!” Wu He nodded his huge head as he said in a low voice, “All warriors relied on the various battles they fought to hone and train their skills! Time and again, training and honing of skills via life-and-death situations have seen to the annihilation of many warriors… For ordinary warriors, their chances of annihilation will be pretty high. But for us, warriors of the Python River Army, if we were subjected to situations involving the same level of danger, I’m afraid, not many will be annihilated. What we have to go through will definitely be more dangerous compared to them! Similarly, the spoils of our victory can be used to change for military credits, which can, in turn, be used to exchange for armaments. The more military credits, the more outstanding one is and the more benefits can be exchanged. You can even exchange for a group of true gods to form your personal team of bodyguards. This is also possible… Of course, the amount of military credits required is a fearsome sum.”

Luo Feng laughed. A personal team of bodyguards? What a pity that the natives would die the moment they stepped out of the World of Jin.

“There are also automaton type treasures here?” Luo Feng asked.

“Of course there are.” Wu He’s cold eyes flashed with a glimmer of excitement as he said, “There are many powerful automaton type treasures, but the amount of military credits required is outrageously high. The more magical these automaton type treasures are, the more precious they are! Back then, my father also managed to seize a powerful automaton type treasure. Even after he had retired from the fighting scene, he was still a dominating figure throughout the Northern True Ocean. However, to seize powerful automaton type treasures, even a true god will need an extremely long time to accumulate military credits. For us—mere law masters—the rate at which we accumulate military credits will be even slower. If we want to obtain those powerful automaton type treasures… It will be very difficult. Even if we manage to, it will take a long, long time.”

Luo Feng took everything to heart. It would take that long?

The World of Jin was an incomparably ancient world to begin with. A single reincarnation era might be regarded as a normal length of time in the World of Jin. After all, there were many true gods here, with quite a handful of true gods of void space. If even Wu He believed that this was a “very, very long” time… it seemed an extremely long period would be required.

And coming from Universe Ocean, time was what Luo Feng lacked.

“It has arrived.” Wu He looked off into the distance.

Luo Feng also looked over. They could see that from the military points of the great hall, the single-eyed true god was walking out. With a single wave, he sent two streams of rays descending to land before Luo Feng and Wu He.

“The two of you might only be law masters,” said the single-eyed true god, “but you are now entering the Python River Army, so you can get this true god level armor—a set of true god level Python River Armor—is actually just Python River Armor.” He gave Luo Feng and the beast, Wu He, a quick look. “It can allow you to stay alive for a longer period in the midst of a life-and-death battle, especially as new recruits. You will need to ensure that you can endure and live on. All right. Now, follow me to Python River Army.”

Luo Feng held the armor, feeling its oppressive force. True god level armor? In Universe Ocean, it would be supreme true treasure armor! Yet in the World of Jin, it was only the standard armor of a true god. Any warrior who was an ordinary law master would not be qualified to own this armor. For a special troop, however, things had to be a little more special.

“Seems like…” Luo Feng said quietly to himself, “battle armor is also divided into different levels, like true god level, true god of void space level… So obviously, supreme true treasures will also be different in strength—strong or weak. This must be an ordinary supreme true treasure. I suppose Black Prison Tower and Yan Jun Rod would both be regarded as ordinary supreme true treasures. Shi Wu Wings and Star Tower are obviously a little more special.”

The single-eyed true god looked behind him and swept through the surroundings. “Quick. Get the armor to recognize you as their masters and put them on! All warriors of Python River Army must wear that.”

“Understood,” Luo Feng replied.

“This is not even as good as mine,” Wu He said, transmitting the message only to Luo Feng.

Luo Feng laughed to himself.

When he had first come in, he did not even bring Shi Wu Wings or Star Tower, which meant he did have an urgent need for this Python River Armor.

“Getting it to recognize its master is easy.” Luo Feng speedily succeeded in getting the treasure to recognize him as its master. It was not very difficult—probably on the same level as Yan Jun Rod.

Hua!

He quickly stored Crazy Demon Extermination Godly Armor while the Python River Armor was rapidly appearing on his body. Soon, the dark red armor had fully appeared over his entire body. On the helmet was a skull modeled into the form of a “strange python.” There were also circular black lines all over the dark red armor. Beside him, Wu He, the beast, had rapidly transformed into a dark red beast. On the surface of its body were similar black lines.

This time, Luo Feng and the others spent a full three days within the army camp and finally arrived before a vast lake. There were numerous islands on the vast lake—as many as trillions of them— and the diameter of the entire lake was so vast that it had to be measured in light years. At first glance, dark red figures could be spotted.

“One look at them, you know they are warriors of Python River Army,” Luo Feng said to himself.

All of them wore dark red armor, and on their helmets were the same strange python shapes.

“These are your new recruits for your Python River Army!” the single-eyed true god shouted. His powerful voice spread out to transmit the message to every corner of this vast lake. “Divide your large team into six smaller groups and assign them somewhere.” When he finished shouting his message, he shot a quick look at Luo Feng and Wu He. “Hopefully, I will still see you guys the next time around.”

Shua!

He transformed into a streak of flowing light and departed speedily.

Shortly after, numerous figures could be seen flashing in the distance. They appeared to be teleporting. Teleportation was impossible in the main surroundings of the external region, but in a certain area within that lake, it was possible to teleport! More than 20 figures were teleporting over very quickly, and soon, they were suspended in space beside Luo Feng and Wu He. Some were humanoid life forms while others took the form of beasts.

They were all scrutinizing Luo Feng and Wu He.

Wu He lifted his chin proudly as he shouted, “My father is the master of Northern True Ocean.”

Of the 20-plus figures suspended in the space above, a tall and burly man immediately replied, “In the army, your father cannot help you no matter how impressive he is. The two of you, report your names and tell us what you are good at.”

“I am Wu He!” Wu He roared. “I’m skilled in… I’m good in… Well, my godly body is big enough. My godly body is more than one million kilometers in length.”

“Yes, you do have quite a big godly body,” said the big, burly man. He looked at Luo Feng. “What about you?”

“I am Milky Way,” Luo Feng replied. “I am more powerful than Wu He in terms of ability, and I am more skilled in close-combat evasion.”

Beneath a gigantic pair of curved horns, the burly man’s gray eyes gazed at Luo Feng and Wu He. “Both of you are gifted with talents that can be considered at the ordinary standard of my Python River Army. However, in half a month’s time, six of our troops will be going out… It is just your luck. The two of you have to make full use of your time and train to the best of your abilities so you can to brush up your skills! The moment you join us, you are met with a mission ranked at a ‘catastrophe’ level… How unlucky can you be?”

Chapter 1350

“Catastrophe level?” Wu He was shocked.

Luo Feng looked at the group of soldiers in front of him. The giant man in the lead said coldly, “I am the captain of the sixth squad of the first team, and all the rules and knowledge of the army are in here. Learn everything yourself, and if there are no special occasions, don’t disturb other teammates.”

Then two crystal balls showed up. Each crystal was the size of a finger; Luo Feng and Wu He took them.

“Go back to training! Prepare!” the captain yelled.

“Yes,” some soldiers answered, yet some other soldiers didn’t respond. Apparently, the captain didn’t have enough authority.

“I need to remind you that the catastrophe-level task is coming,” said a clear voice. It was a female with green skin and green wings.

“Ku Fa, do you really think those two newbies can survive the catastrophe-level task?”

“Humph!”

“They haven’t received the basic inheritance, and they don’t have enough time to train themselves. How are they going to pass the catastrophe-level task?”

The other soldiers all shook their heads, teleported, and left. They didn’t want to talk with Luo Feng and Wu He.

The captain took a look at Luo Feng and Wu He and said, “Prepare yourselves.”

Shua!

He left as well. Only Luo Feng and Wu He stayed.

“It seems that we’re unlucky,” Luo Feng whispered. “Wu He, what does ‘catastrophe-level’ tasks mean?”

Wu He bellowed, “We’re very unlucky! The army will go out and do the task prepared every era, and we’ll be ordered to make attacks at a specific place. For every 10,000 eras, there’ll come a task that is very dangerous, and it’s at catastrophe level. For every 100 million eras, there’ll be a task more horrifying—at incarnation level.”

“Incarnation level?” Luo Feng was dazed.

“That means if you’re faced with that task, you’re going for incarnations.” Wu He glanced at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng smiled. Those in the World of Jin treated incarnations as death, which meant the incarnation-level task was indeed full of dangers.

“If we were in the ordinary army, then even the incarnation level would fine for us,” Wu He said nervously. “However, this is Python River Army. The ordinary tasks in Python River Army equal those of the incarnation level of the ordinary army. As for catastrophe level… That means a real catastrophe for talents like us. The incarnation level is a nightmare. Half of experienced soldiers will die during the incarnation-level tasks! By comparison, the survival rate in the ordinary army is much higher. Those who have been training for a long time in the ordinary army can become supreme beings among law universes. Those supreme beings can survive the incarnation-level tasks. The more powerful someone is, the most difficult the tasks will be. At the law-universe level, no matter how powerful we are, there’s a limit. However, the military task is very difficult, and many die!”

Luo Feng felt intimidated. Only a few out of 100 who joined the ordinary army could live long enough to retire. According to Wu He, special armies like Python River Army had an even lower survival rate. His Majesty the Godly King, from the World of Jin, had designed a mad screening process.

“It’s much more dangerous.” Wu He’s eyes glinted madly. “But it’s much easier for us to get a precious inheritance and powerful valuables! Those supreme beings in the World of Jin, like true gods of void space, were all selected from the special armies. As for ordinary armies? They’ll stay mediocre for their entire lives! My father is the master of Northern True Ocean. I need to become as powerful as my father, if not stronger.”

Luo Feng took a look at Wu He and smiled. “Let’s go. We need to choose an island to live on first.”

Complicated information was contained in the crystal balls, but there wasn’t much of it. It simply introduced the military rules and regulations to Luo Feng and Wu He, who immediately grasped them using their godly power. They also knew that this lake belonged to Python River Army.

There were three teams in Python River Army, and each team occupied an area of this lake. There were nine squads in the first team, and each squad had its own area. They could choose any island without an owner for them to practice on.

Hong!

They teleported and became streaks of red light flying across the sky above an island.

“Soldiers in the special army have different treatments, as they can occupy an island while other great beings are banned from entering it.” Luo Feng looked down and felt satisfied. As for Wu He, he chose a more distant island.

Sou!

Luo Feng quickly landed. The island had a diameter of more than 100,000 kilometers. It was only a small island. At the center was a simple, stone-made residence. If he wasn’t satisfied with it, he could certainly rebuild it. Luo Feng didn’t care about that, as he only needed a place to rest.

“Freeze.” Luo Feng’s godly power spread, and he went to the deep area of the island. He touched a prismatic crystal stone and infused his godly power. The crystal stone’s color changed.

From now on, the island had an owner!

On the roof of the stone-made house, Luo Feng lay in a stone chair. The stone chair was huge, and Luo Feng’s godly body changed to 100 kilometers tall. He lay on the stone chair as if it were a bed. He looked into the distance and could see endless lakes and islands.

“I’ve entered World of Jin and Python River Army, the special army of the east army. One year later, there will be a task.”

Luo Feng was thinking about his path. Supreme true treasures? Machine type valuables? They both required military credits!

I really need blood and scale armors of true gods, Luo Feng thought. I need to get as many bodies of true gods as possible and take them back to the original universe.

In the past eight million eras, Luo Feng had devoted most of his energy to studying the composition of life forms. Humans were of flesh and blood type, so he would still be a life of flesh and blood type after he became a true god and all his bodies were combined as one. As a result, Luo Feng best understood flesh and blood type life forms. He could change the new Remote Ocean body into a flesh and blood life form using the structure of life genes, and he could make its life gene level reach 10,081 times.

However, Mosha body was an energy type life form, and Luo Feng hadn’t spent much time on them. Although he had an elementary understanding, its life gene level was only at 5,000 times.

I’ve improved too slowly. I haven’t even surpassed 10,081 times yet, let alone 90,000 times.

Luo Feng felt nervous. Based on his understanding, the higher a gene level was, the more difficult it was to get a higher gene level. His original life gene level was 10,081 times, so it would only take him a little time to analyze this level. He had succeeded in fully analyzing this level, and he had reorganized Remote Ocean body with a life gene level of 1,000 times. It was like turning wood into a diamond. He had changed the internal composition of Remote Ocean body, making it a powerful godly body at the perfect life gene level. However, surpassing 10,081 times and reaching 15,000 times or higher was much more difficult.

There were several levels. Level one was to surpass the perfect life gene level. Level two was to reach a life gene level of 30,000 times. Level three was to reach 60,000 times. Level four was to reach 90,000 times.

In terms of gene structure, true gods were far more advanced than universe masters, and they could provide more insights in terms of a breakthrough for Luo Feng. However, Luo Feng only had the body of Great Thunder Star Master and the hair and blood of Sitting Mountain Guest and Primal Chaos City Leader. That was far from adequate; he needed much more.

Luo Feng knew exactly the steps he needed to follow. First, he needed to analyze billions of life forms and billions of material structures. Second, he needed to create life forms.

Life forms that could procreate were the most difficult to create! The life forms Nine Remoteness Master created were born in the ocean. They were all energy life forms, so they couldn’t procreate. Those were the easiest ones to create. If Luo Feng wanted to create life forms that could procreate, he needed to study the origin of life forms, which was far more complicated. Of course, it would help to analyze many life forms.

Luo Feng estimated that his godly body could at least evolve to a life gene level of 50,000 times. Only after reaching that level could he create life forms that could procreate, which could, in turn, help him move higher on the godly power path.

Bodies of true gods and military credits! Luo Feng thought. I’ll go check the basic inheritance now.

Luo Feng, who had been lying on the stone chair, flew away like a streak of light.

There was a basic inheritance of Python River Army at the center of the island.

Sou!

Luo Feng immediately landed. There were pillars all around the island, and each pillar had a crystal ball. Wu He was shaking his head in the distance, and his body was winding around a pillar. “Milky Way.” Wu He let go of the stone pillar. His claws clenched the ground, and the wings on his neck fluttered. He flew toward Luo Feng like a streak of light. “What took you so long? The catastrophe-level task is coming. We need to spend as much time as possible to study the basic inheritance. Although it’s a basic inheritance, it’s still a lot. That’s something even my father couldn’t teach me, and it is precious! Those from the army need to exchange the inheritance for military credits. We’re in the special army, which is why we can get a free basic inheritance instantly after we enter. However, the more complicated the inheritance was, the more military credits were required to get it. Be quick. I’ll continue with my comprehension.”

Wu He stopped speaking. Apparently, he wanted to fully utilize the time.

Luo Feng nodded. There were around 100 crystal balls on the island. He immediately spread his godly power and penetrated it into each crystal ball. Information flooded his mind.

“True treasure making, machine making, close combat, illusions, combinations, and burning godly power techniques.”

Luo Feng was greatly surprised. He had expected the basic inheritance to be mediocre, but it was, in fact, very useful. Those combat techniques, combination techniques, and burning godly power techniques could all improve his fighting power. As for the training, it only covered how to become a true god.

Burning godly power techniques only had one level, like the first volume of Duan Mie. Based on the instruction, law masters could only learn the first level while true gods could learn the second level.

The inheritance after that required military credits to be obtained.

Chapter 1351 - Message from

Ancestral God

Luo Feng memorized all of Python River Army’s “fundamental inheritance” and was shocked when he learned more about it. This fundamental inheritance might have been a notch less superior compared to the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, but compared to what he had gotten from the memory stone with that tremendous amount of memory, and based on his understanding of ancient civilization, this was absolutely top-notch inheritance.

A powerful inheritance was not easily imparted in the world of the ancient civilization. The inheritance of an army! Especially the inheritance of Python River Army was enough to be regarded as a superior inheritance.

Of course, this was only a small portion of the most fundamental part of this superior inheritance. Anything beyond this would need to be exchanged with more military credits! The inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River was regarded as a super inheritance, and Luo Feng had the entire set.

After I have mastered this set of secret techniques on blazing my godly power, I will be able to execute the first stage of Extermination, Luo Feng thought. World of Jin is very stringent in its management of the inheritance. If I were to execute Extermination by blazing my godly power but be unable to tell where I learned this secret technique on blazing godly power… I will be sentenced to death.

Just as Luo Feng was putting on a show of learning the fundamental inheritance…

In the human territory of the primal universe, in Milky Way Holy Land, Luo Feng’s new Remote Ocean body sat cross-legged in a towering hall on the ninth story. There was nothing in the surroundings; only the vast space could be seen.

“Huh?” He opened his eyes and stood up right away. He turned his head to look into the distance.

Sou!

A streak of light flew by. It was the Ancestral God School’s Double-Face Ancestral God.

“Milky Way Horde Leader.” Double-Face Ancestral God stepped onto the black-jaded floor of the hall on the ninth story and smiled as he looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was surprised as he returned the smile. “Ancestral God, why have you come calling on me?”

“You and I are good friends. Even if there is nothing going on, can’t I just come calling on you?” Double-face Ancestral God teased.

Luo Feng smiled in return. “Of course you can. If you are willing to, you may stay for as long as you please.”

This Double-Face Ancestral God had saved him once. Out of the three great ancestral gods, Luo Feng was indeed most fond of Double-Face Ancestral God.

Double-Face Ancestral God said right away, “Of course I do have a purpose in coming here. Milky Way Horde Leader from the World of Jin, you have gained a lot. Otherwise, you would not have alarmed the willpower of the primal universe origin. My purpose in coming here this time around is to represent the willpower of the primal universe origin.”

“Oh?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Represent the willpower of the origin? Who had said he had gained a lot?

It seemed like the primal universe origin knew a lot about him, which made sense though, as he did not feel constrained when he was in the World of Jin. He had also tried comprehending the memory stones found in the space of inheritance of the Boat of Mausoleum, but he realized he was still unable to view the more profound content. That was when Luo Feng realized that the willpower of the primal universe origin still wielded influence over him.

World of Jin existed within the Universe Ocean, and under the guidance of the willpower of the primal universe origin, it would be strange if there was no control at all.

“I have gained a lot?” Luo Feng laughed. “How so?”

“Milky Way Horde Leader should know,” Double-face Ancestral God said indifferently. “I may not be that clear about it, but according to the willpower of the primal universe origin, out of all the great beings from the first batch to enter the Universe Ocean, you are one of those with the greatest amount gained.”

Luo Feng squinted. The greatest amount gained? Now that he had been accepted into Python River Army, he had gained a set of Python River Armor.

Python River Armor was a true-god level armor and was regarded as a supreme true treasure. However, Luo Feng had discovered that when his Shi Wu Wings were extended into a suit of armor, the armor was still much stronger than the Python River Armor. By donning the armor that was an extension of Shi Wu Wings, any attacks that were weaker than eighth-tier combat power would not be able to harm the godly body under its protection. But Python River Armor was only capable of keeping the godly body safe from any attacks that were below the seventh tier.

As for the magnitude of the weakening effect, both were on par. However, the limit of endurance of Python River Armor was far from the limit of endurance of the armor that was an extension of Shi Wu Wings. If he’d had no means of comparison, he would not have known. But upon comparison, Luo Feng was all the more aware of how impressive Shi Wu Wings were!

Other than gaining the Python River Armor, the most important gain he had made was his identity as a Python River Army warrior! A warrior of a special troop, whether it was military credits or the inheritance that could be exchanged, was greatly superior.

The number of great beings of groups of top powers from the Universe Ocean who had entered Python River for the first time was not that many—around 200 or more. Yet, right from the start, quite a few were already being annihilated. There were some who had managed to sneak their way into the army, but to further worm their way into a troop as special as the Python River Army… Other than Luo Feng, there was no one.

Instantly, various thoughts started to surface in Luo Feng’s mind. He looked at Double-Face Ancestral God, who was right before him. “Ancestral God, your purpose here… What is your true intention?”

“I have come under the orders of the willpower of the primal universe origin to guide you.” Double-Face Ancestral God looked at Luo Feng. His entire being radiated oppressive force. Though not overwhelmingly strong, it was obviously still a very powerful force that far surpassed a true god of void space—to the extent of transcendence. Obviously, this was something the universe origin of the primal universe had bestowed upon him. “For a normal reincarnation era, there will not be a fourth most dangerous land appearing,” he articulated slowly. “And this era now… is obviously not normal, which is why a fourth most dangerous land has appeared. This is a great opportunity, but also a great disaster.”

His voice was like a heavy hammer that pounded against Luo Feng’s heart. A great disaster?

Luo Feng frowned. The appearance of that humanoid life form! The willpower of the primal universe origin had provided them with guidance and told them the way to enter the World of Jin. Going such great lengths to help them—it must have had a purpose for doing so. After all, the willpower of the origin was normally so detached. By right, there should be no reason for it to interfere as such.

Obviously, it must have had a purpose! It, who had once suppressed Teacher Origin! It, who had once killed Yuan Ao Master and banished a strange object! It, who had wanted to annihilate three great beings such as Great Thunder Star Master.

All of these factors went to show that the willpower of the primal universe origin had a standpoint of its own.

“Out with it.” Luo Feng looked at Double-face Ancestral God. “What is it that you want me to do?”

“You are going to be the Number One Master of the entire Universe Ocean.” Double-Face Ancestral God slowly made his point. “This is something you cannot deny. Your power is going to be much stronger than Teacher Origin in the future! All the disasters… You need to deal with them. And how should you deal with them is that you need to rely on the World of Jin!”

“Remember!” Double-Face Ancestral God looked at Luo Feng. “Adhering to the rules within the World of Jin, try your best to gain benefits that can allow you to empower yourself… Your strength and power will be the hope of the willpower of the primal universe origin. As a child of the primal universe, whatever does harm to the primal universe will also be harmful to you. Remember, everything is in the World of Jin. You have to get stronger.”

Sou!

Double-Face Ancestral God smiled after he finished saying his piece, then transformed into flowing light and left.

Luo Feng stood in silence at the same spot, gazing into the distance in the direction Double-Face Ancestral God was going.

“The willpower of the origin truly values me,” Luo Feng mumbled to himself in a hushed tone.

Everything that had happened earlier on had allowed Luo Feng to understand this…

The willpower of the origin was unable to make any moves on its own, so in everything that it needed to accomplish, it would have to borrow the hands of other great beings. Apparently, the willpower of the origin had set its eyes on Luo Feng and felt that he would be the one true strongest being in the future! This was the reason it had been providing him with help and guidance all this while. It had the intention of getting Luo Feng to become a keen tool of the “willpower of the origin,” someone who could damage and destroy all enemies.

I… I am the child of the primal universe. Anything that harms it will also harm me? Luo Feng was asking himself this question repeatedly in his heart.

This was obviously telling Luo Feng that the willpower of the primal universe origin stood on the same side as him.

“Whatever you say, I should just believe? The World of Jin appearing… Before Great Thunder Star Master was annihilated, the power he executed was something entirely different from his godly power. The proactive guidance by the willpower of the primal universe origin… Everything has to have a purpose. The willpower of the origin cannot directly attack on its own. So long as my power is strong enough, and I can become the number one master of the entire Universe Ocean, by then, I will truly dominate the right to speak.

“Let’s see… Let’s wait and see what is going to happen. Before whatever is in store for me, I need to brush up on my ability.”

Luo Feng felt no resentment. The willpower of the primal universe origin had wanted him to understand this crisis so he would feel the sense of urgency in elevating himself. He would do just that. After all, there was nothing wrong in making oneself more powerful.

Virtual universe, the peak of Thunder Island.

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader met up.

“Teacher, this is the secret technique on blazing godly power of Python River Army.” Luo Feng had stored records of the inheritance of Python River Army in the virtual universe and sent them over to Primal Chaos City Leader as a message.

“Secret technique on blazing godly power?” Primal Chaos City Leader looked through thoroughly.

“Yes, even for the ancient civilization, this secret technique on blazing godly power can only be created by an extremely strong existence,” Luo Feng explained solemnly. “But Teacher, you have to bear in mind that the moment you enter the World of Jin, such special methods like techniques on blazing of godly power must not be executed. Otherwise, you will be investigated by the army in the most stringent manner… and if you are unable to tell them where you acquired such a technique, you will be sentenced to death. Internally, the World of Jin is extremely strict with how it handles its inheritance.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “You can rest assured.”

“Also, just a while ago, the willpower of the origin sent me a message through Ancestral God…” Luo Feng said slowly. “He mentioned some kind of great disaster, and he wanted me to do my best to increase my power when I’m in the World of Jin.”

“Humph!” Primal Chaos City Leader gave a hostile snort and said, “I have spoken with Teacher Origin. You need not be bothered about any great disaster. It is only intimidating you. Even if there was a great disaster, it might not be a disaster directed at us. Like East Emperor Holy Land… it survived through countless reincarnation eras, and is it not still going strong? According to Teacher Origin, the willpower of the primal universe origin is not invincible, so you need not be overly concerned. But of course, increasing your power… There is nothing wrong with that.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Yes. The willpower of the origin had decided to use him as its weapon, but that also depended on whether or not he was willing to be used.

“But you have to make sure you grasp the right opportunity. Based on the information I received, there are more and more great beings being annihilated in the World of Jin,” Primal Chaos City Leader said in a solemn tone. “It was said that Divine Eye Clan had sent in its army, but the moment its army entered, it was killed in the military camp. Only a handful survived. Regardless, groups of top powers of Universe Ocean would have to wait another century before they could enter. Now, you have an advantage over them, so you must try your best to grab the right opportunity.”

Luo Feng nodded with a smile. The pitiful Divine Eye Clan, killed in the military camp? The ordinary army was more scattered and dispersed. While the special army was prohibited from mutual killing in the camp, the ordinary army was looser on such discipline. Only by standing out from the crowd to be accepted into the special army would one be able to truly receive specialized cultivation.

World of Jin, East Army, military camp of the “law masters” of the Python River Army, the island of the fundamental inheritance.

No matter how anxious the various groups of top powers of Universe Ocean were, Luo Feng had come to the World of Jin in peace.

“Milky Way, tomorrow is the day we must receive our military mission,” Wu He said, flying over from afar. “This is a disaster-level mission. Have you gained anything from cultivating on the fundamental inheritance?”

“I have mastered the secret technique on blazing godly power,” Luo Feng said casually.

Wu He’s eyes widened instantly. The wings attached to his neck also stopped their fanning motion.

“This… It has only been how long since you started?” Wu He was shocked. Then he senselessly said, “When you have yet to receive that technique of blazing godly power, you are already able to defeat me. That blade technique of yours is especially terrifying. The power of your blade could be so well-condensed that it could penetrate my armor without causing any external damage and yet cause my godly body to be greatly consumed. And your close-combat dodging allows you to transform so quickly that I have no time to resist. Being your target and enduring so many blows from you, an entire half of my godly body was used up.”

Luo Feng merely grinned in response.

Back then, they had battled for half an hour. 3,000 had turned up for the selection, but not more than 1,000 had survived to the end. It was hard to imagine how long it took Luo Feng to kill and how fast his blade was. The number of blows hacking onto Wu He’s body was unknown, but it had destroyed 50 percent of his godly body.

“Let’s go have a good rest,” Wu He said. “We are heading out tomorrow, and I really hope we can make it back alive.”

Chapter 1352 - Nine Smoke

Marsh

Luo Feng waited on the stone roof of the house on his island.

Catastrophe-level tasks. How difficult is it going to be? Luo Feng thought. Dangerous as it seems, it’s a great chance to gain lots of military credits.

Everyone depended on military points in the army. By sitting around and doing nothing, death would be one’s only destiny.

Normally, when someone went out for a task, he would buy some valuables with his military points, such as valuables that could immediately recover godly bodies or true treasures and machine type valuables used for escape. However, Luo Feng didn’t have any military credits, so he couldn’t get any valuables.

At the same time, Luo Feng and Wu He got the arms credits from Python River Armor.

“Captain, all of us combined only have around 2,600 military credits. What can we convert them into?”

“This is the catastrophe-level task that was only met every 10,000 eras. We need to get enough of those that can save lives.”

Outside the arms palace, the 18 soldiers from the sixth squad of the first team were discussing the exchange.

“A bunch of morons.”

Six beings glanced at them in despise and entered the arms camp. The 18 soldiers were irritated.

“It’s Yu Luo and the others.”

“Let them be smug. They can’t be so lucky forever.”

“That’s right. We’ll set them a trap at some point.”

The 18 soldiers all felt annoyed.

A voice was transmitted to all the soldiers from the first team. “Gather!”

Luo Feng, who lay on the rooftop, also opened his eyes.

“So it begins?” Luo Feng smiled.

Sou!

He flew from the island, teleported, and proceeded toward the island of basic inheritance.

The camp of the Python River Army was enormous, and the gathering point was the island of basic inheritance.

“Milky Way.”

“Wu He.”

Luo Feng arrived on the island of basic inheritance. A strange beast was close by. Wu He flew toward him, shaking his wings. Luo Feng took a look at the island. Many soldiers had already arrived.

“Milky Way, I’ve asked around.” Wu He transmitted his voice. “There are 39 soldiers in total. The original 37 soldiers didn’t have enough unity, so they were divided into three small teams. One is led by the team captain, and there are 18 soldiers. One of them is led by Ku Fa, and it has ten soldiers. Another is led by Yu Luo, and there are nine soldiers.”

“Oh?” Luo Feng took a look at Wu He in surprise.

No wonder Wu He was a child of the master of Northern True Ocean. It seemed that he had fully prepared himself after entering Python River Army and had learned about the internal relations. Wu He did a far better job than him.

Sou! Sou!

They flew toward the island immediately as they spoke. They landed on the island, and over 30 beings had already gathered. Luo Feng glanced around and saw that the soldiers were divided into three circles! The team captain he had seen before was in a circle. Ku Fa, who had a gentle appearance, was in another circle, while a cold, angry-looking individual was the leader of another circle.

The soldiers didn’t look happy about Luo Feng and Wu He’s arrival. Apparently, they were trying to warn them not to get close.

“The team captain is just,” Wu He said, transmitting his voice. “Ku Fa has the best temper. As for Yu Luo, he’s the one with green skin and 18 hoofs. He’s very aggressive. More than half the strange beasts in our team are led by him. Normally, they would try to recruit us. However, we are facing the catastrophe-level task, and we’ve never cooperated with them. We haven’t practiced any combined attacks technique with them. None of the squads will accept us for their own sake.”

Luo Feng nodded. It was to be expected. Those three squads had been through countless life-and-death battles together, and they cooperated with one another well. If they let in the new soldiers, it would only hinder their cohesion. No matter how kind they might be, they wouldn’t be willing to do that.

“Milky Way, Wu He,” said the captain coldly. “You’re on your own for this catastrophe-level task. Do you understand?”

Wu He smirked and said, “Of course, we understand.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The team captain nodded. “Great.” Then he stopped talking. To him, neither of these new soldiers had enough time to practice the inheritance, and they didn’t even have the military credits to buy valuables or some better inheritance. Unless they got exceedingly lucky, they were bound to die.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

One being after another landed within their designated circles.

“Go!” ordered the captain. “Let’s go get the task for this time.”

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

There were four teams: one led by the captain, one led by Ku Fa, one led by Yu Luo, and the new-soldier squad that consisted of Luo Feng and Wu He. They immediately flew out and teleported.

After nearly a day, all 39 soldiers arrived at an area dominated by a palace. The strange black palace was surrounded by many sculptures, and there were many great beings here.

Hong!

A light pillar shot toward the soldiers. Voices entered their heads telling them the detailed task from the military. The location was Nine Smoke Marsh! 10,000 military points, which could be gained by killing a true god. Killing a law master was worth one military point. The required proof of killing a true god was to recover its body, and the required proof of killing a law master was its plundered weapons.

As for the deadline: It had to be completed before the next task. Otherwise, there would be punishment.

The description was simple, yet it frightened Luo Feng and Wu He. Kill a true god or law master in Nine Smoke Marsh?

“We’re in big trouble,” Wu He said, clearly worried. “It’s Nine Smoke Marsh. Although that territory is not as powerful as Northern True Ocean, it’s a still a great power. There are many true gods and countless law masters. It would be suicide for us to go there.”

Wu He had been quite confident before receiving this task. He was powerful, and he had believed that no matter how difficult the task was, he would be able to finish it if he dedicated enough time. However, he crumbled after learning the task.

Luo Feng was nervous. 10,000 military credits! How could they do it?

He’d already seen Nine Smoke Marsh on his way here. It was a swamp surrounded by smoke and mist. While flying over it, he had spotted many true gods. To kill one true god in an era would have been possible for Luo Feng—after 800 eras of training. Of course, the true god couldn’t hide in a supreme true treasure palace!

However, killing a true god in Nine Smoke Marsh would be very difficult for him. The other true gods in Nine Smoke Marsh wouldn’t be foolish enough as to just let Luo Feng and the others attack without any consequence. There were 39 law masters, and a group of true gods from Nine Smoke Marsh could kill them all.

It’s crazy. 10,000 military credits! Luo Feng thought. Even if I shift my target to law masters, I would need to kill 10,000 of them. They are probably well protected in Nine Smoke Marsh… It might be possible to kill ten, but killing too many would certainly alert the true gods. Once surrounded, by a large group of true gods, I wouldn’t be able to make it out, even with Boat of Mausoleum.

Luo Feng was really worried. He had been encircled by many universe supreme masters in Universe Ocean, but there weren’t many universe supreme masters in Universe Ocean. Besides, they had all been suppressed.

In Nine Smoke Marsh, however, there could be hundreds of true gods encircling him, and none of them had their power restrained. He might not be able to get away even in Boat of Mausoleum.

This is madness, thought Luo Feng. Fortunately, true gods of void space won’t meddle in army tasks. Otherwise, I would have no hope.

Military tasks… There was a hidden agreement between the army and the tribal powers and strange beast powers. Squads who were sent to attack a particular power was clearly sent for training purposes. Luo Feng’s squad didn’t pose any threat to Nine Smoke Marsh, so the three true gods of void space wouldn’t interfere. However, true gods could participate!

It’s very difficult to succeed, but if I fail… Luo Feng thought.

According to the military rule, he would be executed!

With the authority of the army, one order could turn all the tribal powers and strange beast powers against them. They wouldn’t be able to get away! If someone had 100,000 military credits, they could use them to save their lives, as merits offset faults. However, 100,000 military credits was an exorbitant sum. Even experienced soldiers didn’t have that many military credits, let alone Luo Feng. If someone did have that many military credits, they would use them to improve their power.

The entire team stayed silent outside the strange palace. Everyone felt the pressure.

“Everyone knows the task now,” the team captain said, glancing around. “There’s a required location for the task, which means all the true gods and law masters we kill need to be from Nine Smoke Marsh. When we come back, the military will contact Nine Smoke Marsh to confirm our military credits. If this task wasn’t in Nine Smoke Marsh, we could certainly kill a true god as individual teams, and if we kept doing that, it would only be a matter of time before we succeeded. However, this is Nine Smoke Marsh, so we could be surrounded by a large group of true gods, after which, we won’t be able to get away.” The team captain looked around. “I think… We need to cooperate.”

Chapter 1353 - Rampaging

“Join forces?” Yu Luo, his body fully covered in green, spoke in a cold voice. His eyes swept through Captain and the 17 other warriors behind. “Dear respected Captain, why would I dare join hands with you? Huh? Back when I was still a new recruit, when I was merely sent for an ordinary mission, I tried so hard to please you, following behind you all the time, and what did I get out of it? You used me as bait… If not for my strong ability for self-preservation and the few treasures my grandfather gave me before I joined the army, I think I would have died during my very first mission. A captain like you? You think I would want to join forces with you?”

Yu Luo and the eight warriors behind him looked at the captain with great sarcasm in their eyes.

Captain replied in a low growl, “Every warrior has different abilities and status, and of course, status varies. Back then, you were only a new recruit and didn’t know much. How can you blame me for it? This time, it is a disaster-level mission. Every time such a disaster-level mission occurs, many warriors are bound to be annihilated. Do you think just the nine of you working together have a chance of succeeding?”

“Don’t worry. We do not need your concern.” Yu Luo shook his head and gave a cold laugh. “The nine of us have been through thick and thin together. Since we are in this together, we have sworn an oath… We feel assured putting our lives in one another’s hands. As for you? Humph! We do not trust you at all—let along to place our lives in your hands.”

“Humph1 You can save your efforts!” A beast warrior behind Yu Luo shouted. “If you rope us in now, then, at the most crucial moment, you are going to make use of us again, I suppose.”

Yu Luo looked toward Luo Feng and Wu He, then said coldly, “The two of you new recruits, the moment you are accepted in here, you are sent on a disaster-level mission. Just your luck. But remember… If Ku Fa is willing to take you in, you are still going to be fine. But this captain? He is going to make use of you and leave you all to your own devices, for sure. And… Captain, to ensure that we are not going to be used by you, we are going to make the first move.”

Finishing his piece, Yu Luo, together with the eight warriors under his command, walked directly toward a faraway contorted wormhole near the Great Evil Hall. This was a wormhole that had been created by a great being and could lead one out of the military camp.

Sou!

Nine figures went into the wormhole and disappeared in an instant.

Captain and his warriors were extremely angry.

“Ku Fa.” Captain looked towards Ku Fa and asked, “What about you?”

“No need.” Ku Fa shook her head and smiled. Her smile was incomparably beautiful. Turning to look at Luo Feng and Wu He, she said, “You two new recruits, this is a disaster-level mission. I am unable to help you. However, the journey is long from here all the way to Nine Smoke Marsh, and it will be fraught with dangers. I have a true god level battleship, so let us set off together. I will bring you all over the Nine Smoke Marsh safely. Once we get there, we will go our separate ways.”

“All right,” Wu He replied right away.

“All right,” Luo Feng also said, nodding.

“Let’s go.”

At Ku Fa’s order, the ten warriors under her command, together with Luo Feng and Wu He, all raced toward the faraway wormhole. Then all of them went through it.

Only Captain and his warriors remained. The other warriors were all of the same mind as they spoke up.

“Captain?”

“Do not be bothered, Captain. Without them, we are still able to complete the mission that the army has assigned.”

That burly Captain looked toward the wormhole and sneered coldly. “Ku Fa and Yu Luo. How long has it been since they joined the army? How many times have they successfully made it through disaster-level missions? Do they think that every disaster-level mission is the same? This time, we are talking about the Nine Smoke Marsh, from what I know, Nine Smoke Marsh recently had a great battle with Xuan Yu Mountain, so security is extremely tight now. If we want to succeed, we must join forces. Forget it. Since they are so confident, we shall see when this mission comes to an end… how many of them are left.”

“Captain, you are someone who has survived a reincarnation-level mission. How can Yu Luo and Ku Fa be compared to you?”

“True. I think they will not even be able to survive through one era.”

These warriors placed great faith in their captain.

It was an indisputable fact that his abilities were the best. He had lived for an immeasurable length of time and even owned an automaton type treasure. He might have been a bit selfish, but when it came to perilous missions, perhaps a few would be annihilated who followed such a captain. But following Ku Fa and Yu Luo— therein lay the possibility of total annihilation of an entire team.

Captain gave the order. “Let’s go!”

“Yes, sir,” everyone responded.

Hong!

The group of warriors left in a flash.

Through the space wormhole, the group made it out of the military camp to arrive at a vast area above the mountains and forests. With a wave of her hand, the beautiful Ku Fa shook out a black battleship, which was a palace type supreme true treasure. Then everyone, including Ku Fa, quickly entered this battleship. Luo Feng and Wu He, too, did not hesitate to enter.

“To make it from here to Nine Smoke Marsh,” Ku Fa’s clear and melodious voice could be heard saying, “at our fastest, we will still need twelve days. Everyone, do have some patience and prepare as we make our way there.”

Luo Feng stood inside the cabin, yet he was not worried in the least. If this had been Universe Ocean, it would not have been so easy to enter another great being’s palace true treasure. This was because if another great being was allowed in, the moment that other party harbored ill intentions, he might take the palace true treasure back into his miniature universe and kill the original owner! But in the World of Jin, there was no need for such worry.

In the World of Jin, whether one was an undying, a law knight, a law master—or even stronger beings like true gods and true gods of void spaces—their god countries and miniature universes were all within the core space of the entire World of Jin.

In the core of the World of Jin, there was an incomparably vast space that was regarded as the “space of the origin” of the World of Jin. A large number of god countries and miniature universes existed in this space. But great beings of the World of Jin were unable to enter the space of origin, so of course, there was no way they could enter their own god countries or miniature universes. There was no way they could use their miniature universes to kill enemies!

Not only that, but the World of Jin was also different from the Universe Ocean in many other ways. For instance, in the World of Jin, there was not a single being with another body! All undying fighters, law knights, and law masters only just one godly body!

The ability to divide bodies had been originally bestowed upon living souls by the primal universe. Since the living souls of the World of Jin did not receive such a gift from the primal universe, obviously none of them would have a second body.

This was why, in this supreme true treasure battleship, even if Ku Fa were to suddenly turn hostile, the most she could do was entrap everyone within it. Killing any of them was beyond her means. And when it was time for the next round of the mission (one era later), the army would look around for missing warriors who had yet to return. Upon investigation, those warriors who were found to be dead left there. As for warriors found to be held captive, even Ku Fa might have to face a sentence according to the military laws.

When Luo Feng, Wu He, Ku Fa, and the warriors under her command left the army to head towards Nine Smoke Marsh—in the East Army military camp, at one of the military arms points outside the main hall…

“This is the military arms point?” A beast with a huge golden shell raised his head to look at the gigantic hall.

Another beast by its side, with a winding and serpentine-coiled body, transmitted a voice message. “Rampaging, you have already taken the true god level armor. Why are you still here at our military arms point?”

The beast with a golden shell was none other than Rampaging Devil God.

Back when it had most tragically landed on the World of Jin, it had unfortunately provoked a true god level beast. He had fought it purposefully for quite some time to master the language of the ancient civilization. However, he had been met with a greater mishap thereafter—with a group of true god level beasts hot on his heels. Fortunately, it was most skillful in defense, so it had managed to escape unscathed. Since then, he had been wandering about.

True gods, in the World of Jin, were regarded as great beings, and a true god of void space, though truly a super overlord, would still remain within one’s own territory and not roam about. That was why Rampaging Devil God—who had experienced much throughout his various venture, albeit with great prudence—was able to form relationships with some beasts while roaming in the World of Jin and gradually got to know more about the internal situation.

Very quickly, he understood, that the countless inheritances and treasures of the World of Jin were all within the army! So here he was to join the army!

Though normal law masters could join the army, that was only the baseline requirement to make it into the army. Some who cultivated quickly to become true gods before being accepted into the army would join in later. Of course, the army would welcome them most willingly! With true gods joining the army, the chances of elimination during the selection process was much lower. For every ten true gods, only three would be eliminated. Rampaging Devil God was strong in defense, so naturally, he would be able to pull through the arduous process to be accepted into the army. He was even bestowed with a standard armor.

“Why are you so bothersome!” Rampaging Devil God said. “Wait for me. I will go in for a while.”

Rampaging Devil God charged in right away.

Within the hall, at the military arms point…

Buzz!

Time and space seemed to transform when he entered, and he felt like he had entered another world.

“This feeling is similar to the feeling of the human’s virtual universe,” Rampaging Devil God muttered to himself as he looked at everything before him. It was an extremely prosperous sight before him. There were many warriors, and every single warrior was presented as a golden figure. At that moment, another golden figure flew right over to stand before Rampaging Devil God.

“However, this is more magical than the human’s virtual universe,” Rampaging Devil God said to himself. “The virtual universe only involves the consciousness, but this involves the entire body entering.”

“True god warrior.” The golden figure descended. “Speak of your demands.”

“I want to exchange for military credits with this treasure, then I want to change for another treasure.”

Rampaging Devil God was a little anxious as he held onto his Bloody Sea Devil Armor. This was the supreme true treasure that allowed him to run rampant in Universe Ocean, and it had extremely strong willpower that could exert an impactful influence. But now, he had standard armor, and there was not much difference in the effect of their powers.

Standard armor could render any attack below the seventh-tier powerless. Bloody Sea Devil Armor could render any attack below the eighth-tier powerless. As for the degree of the weakening effect, Bloody Sea Devil Armor had a higher tolerance limit. Yet, to Rampaging Devil God, even the limit of a true god level standard armor had to be, at the very least, an attack at the level of a true god of void space. There was no need for such strong armor in Universe Ocean.

As for whether the attacks would be rendered powerless at the seventh tier or the eighth tier, what true god great being would release an attack lower than the eighth tier?

Buzz!

The two eyes of the golden figure shot streaks of golden rays and scanned Bloody Sea Devil Armor. “This is a true god of void space level armor. It is worth 300,000 military credits! Are you going to trade it with your military credits?”

The moment Rampaging Devil God heard “true god of void space level armor,” his eyes widened. He was instantaneously rooted to the ground.

“Are you going to trade it with your military credits?” the golden figure asked again.

“Trade, trade, trade,” Rampaging Devil God said repeatedly. He was entranced with ecstasy. This was a big win—a big win!

Sou!

The golden figure reached out for Bloody Sea Devil Armor and took it without further ado. Then it said, “You need to trade for a treasure. This is the inventory list. You can choose whatever you want.”

A large screen appeared and floated before Rampaging Devil God. There were many detailed lists appearing on the screen, and under every list, there were many treasures.

A short while later, Rampaging Devil God sauntered out into the military arms point in the main hall. His friends walked up to greet him.

“I made a killing this time. In a short moment, I exchanged for a supreme true treasure palace and even managed to get hold of four sets of supreme true treasure attack treasures. I now have a complete set of attack, defense, and escape, as well as all kinds of abilities. Upon returning to Universe Ocean, I can rampage to my heart’s content.”

Rampaging Devil God was extremely satisfied.

“The only pity is,” he continued, “I am not a part of the special army. If I was, I would have been able to exchange for an automaton type treasure.”

Chapter 1354 - Follow Me

“The gap between the ordinary army and special army is huge.” Rampaging Devil God recalled the valuable list and military credits requirement. “Many special weapons, special valuables, and strong inheritances can’t be exchanged by the ordinary army even if they have military credits! Even if some can be exchanged, it requires a much greater price than the special army. I’m only average, even in the ordinary army. As for the special army?”

Rampaging Devil God shook his head. He wasn’t suicidal.

Regardless, Rampaging Devil God thought. I’m only in the World of Jin for opportunities. I’ll go back to Universe Ocean in the future. After all, if I can’t transcend incarnations in three universe eras, I’ll die. Hmm… The most important thing is to fully comprehend this set of attack type supreme true treasures and improve my power! Once I fully comprehend it, I’ll be a top-tier being in the ordinary army.

He exchanged for a supreme true treasure palace and set attack type supreme true treasures. The set supreme true treasures were the most expensive. They also contained incredible techniques. Once he fully comprehended them, it would help him to break through, and he might someday reach the level of a limit true god.

“That’s right. I need to get as many military credits as possible. I’ll get more supreme true treasures, take them back to Universe Ocean, and exchange them for other great beings.” Rampaging Devil God’s eyes gleamed. “The supreme true treasures in Universe Ocean are at different levels. Some are at the true god level while some are at the true god of void space level. I’ll then exchange them back in the World of Jin. Haha… But I need to hurry up. The more time that passes, the more individuals will know about this secret. Let’s go back to the camp.”

Rampaging Devil God walked out of the arms palace with another strange beast soldier.

Nine Smoke Marsh was a vast swamp. There were countless strange beasts living here, so it was a great power made of strange beasts.

Hu!

On the periphery of Nine Smoke Marsh, a black ship appeared. It was hiding in the grass growing around the marsh.

The cabin door opened. Beings flew out, and the spaceship disappeared.

“We’ve arrived at Nine Smoke Marsh,” said Ku Fa in a clear voice. He looked around. All the soldiers were careful. “Milky Way and Wu He, we’ll separate here. Good luck.”

Ku Fa and his soldiers looked at Luo Feng and Wu He. Lots of soldiers sent them their best wishes.

“Thank you,” said Luo Feng and Wu He.

Luo Feng and Wu He thought the best of the Ku Fa team out of all the three teams. However, it was still natural for them not to take have brought along for the catastrophe-level task.

“Let’s go.”

Luo Feng and Wu He flew away like streaks of light in the grass. Ku Fa and the other soldiers watched as Luo Feng and Wu He flew away.

“The two newcomers have flown away. It’s time for us to act.” Ku Fa looked around.

There was roaring everywhere in the clouds. Luo Feng and Wu He hid carefully in the grass at the periphery of Nine Smoke Marsh.

“When I was in Northern True Ocean, I could roam that place, and nobody dared to bother me!” Wu He bellowed. “However, I have to be this careful in Nine Smoke Marsh.”

“Okay,” said Luo Feng. “We need to at least survive this task. If we can’t, even your father can’t save you.”

Wu He nodded and asked, “What should we do, Milky Way? 10,000 military credits… There are too many strange beasts in Nine Smoke Marsh. We’ll definitely be found if we get caught in a fight. With our power, we can’t even kill one strange beast true god—let alone two!”

Luo Feng frowned. Kill a true god? If he fully utilized all his power, he could kill a true god, but it would take a very long time. In an environment like Nine Smoke Marsh, it would be impossible for him to attack a true god for that long.

“Do you have any ideas, Milky Way?” Wu He asked nervously.

“What are you so anxious about?” Luo Feng yelled. “The time limit is the next task, which is almost one era! It’s a very long time, so we can spend that time looking for opportunities.”

Wu He was relieved. “Indeed, it’s a long time, but I can’t come up with any ideas.”

“Wu He.” Luo Feng looked at Wu He. “If you will follow my lead, we can act together. If you won’t follow my lead, we will have to act alone.”

“Huh?” Wu He’s eyes gleamed. “What have you got, Milky Way? As long as you have good ideas, I’ll do whatever you tell me to do, short of killing myself.”

“We need to come up with some ideas,” said Luo Feng. “We need to learn more about the periphery of Nine Smoke Marsh. We must find opportunities to better understand the situation. It would be stupid of us to make plans without understanding this place.”

Wu He nodded.

“Let’s go!” Luo Feng yelled.

Luo Feng took Wu He and started to inspect the periphery of Nine Smoke Marsh. He needed to take everything into consideration.

Half a year passed.

Hua! Hua!

The wind was blowing, pushing down the grass. The two tiny beings in it looked out like ants.

Dozens of beings were locked in a battle in the distance.

“Bastards from Xuan Yu Mountain, how dare you come here again!” roared a strange beast covered in scales. It had four claws, a long neck, and a triangular head. “You were defeated last time! Go! Kill those bastards from Xuan Yu Mountain!”

There were 12 strange beasts that looked exactly like him.

“Howl!”

“Bastards!”

“Bastards from Xuan Yu Mountain!”

“Kill them!”

The strange beasts roared and fought tall warriors wielding weapons. The tall warriors in human form were all yelling insanely.

“Last time, we defeated you! Go, brothers! Kill those strange beasts!”

“Kill!”

All the tribal warriors roared and dashed at the strange beasts, fighting ferociously. The time and space around them trembled, and the fighting was brutal. There were more tribal warriors, yet the strange beasts had larger godly bodies.

“Milky Way, they are fighting each other.” Wu He stared at the fight while transmitting his voice. “Besides, they don’t even have true-god-level armor to protect themselves, and they’re fighting each other recklessly. Their godly bodies will be quickly consumed. Some might die after a short time. We can wait and get those remaining weapons to claim them as our military credits.

The body of a true god was the proof of successfully killing one, while plundered weapons were the proof of successfully killing a law master. Besides, the military would confirm with Nine Smoke Marsh later. As long as they had the weapons and the strange beasts were dead, the military credits could be claimed.

“No need to hurry!” Luo Feng transmitted his yelling voice.

Wu He was nervous. “We’ve inspected the periphery of Nine Smoke Marsh for a long time, yet we haven’t gotten any military credits.”

“Why are you so anxious?” said Luo Feng. “We’ve spotted three battles during our inspection of the periphery of Nine Smoke Marsh. The area is enormous, and what we’ve inspected is barely the tip of an iceberg, yet we still saw three battles. How many battles are there at the periphery?”

Wu He was dazed. “Like, 10,000? Milk Way!” Wu He gaped at Luo Feng in surprise, immediately understanding his meaning.

“You must also have noticed that other strange beasts in Nine Smoke Marsh are able to sense the ripples of those battles, yet they’re not coming to interfere,” Luo Feng said, transmitting his voice. “I didn’t hear anything special from the two previous battles, but I heard Xuan Yu Mountain this time. What power is Xuan Yu Mountain?”

“Xuan Yu Mountain?” said Wu He. “Xuan Yu Mountain is a great power next to Nine Smoke Marsh, and it’s just as powerful. Nine Smoke Marsh is a strange beast power led by three true gods of void space, while Xuan Yu Mountain is a tribal alliance led by four true gods of void space. These two powers are too powerful, so there are rarely fights between them. If there is a battle, it is always brutal.”

Luo Feng nodded. Thoughts flooded his mind. “When the two powers are not in a fight, will there be so many warriors and strange beasts fighting each other?” asked Luo Feng.

“No,” answered Wu He. “When they’re not at war, they restrict their respective warriors so that they won’t start a fight.”

Luo Feng smiled. “However, we’ve watched three fights, which means Xuan Yu Mountain and Nine Smoke Marsh are currently engaged in battle! There might be a pause, which is why those law masters are fighting each other…”

“You mean…?” said Wu He.

“Now that Xuan Yu Mountain and Nine Smoke Marsh are in a fight,” said Luo Feng, “let’s get the true gods from both sides fight each other. Then we can collect the bodies.”

“A fight between true gods?” Wu He shook his head. “Impossible.”

“It is, indeed, nearly impossible to get a large group of true gods in a fight. However, it’s possible to get individual true gods to fight.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. He’d already had a plan in his mind.

“Follow me,” he said.

Luo Feng and Wu He disappeared from the grass.

Chapter 1355 - With One

Thought, a Void Space Is

Formed

By the edge of Nine Smoke Marsh, there were multiple mini outbursts of fights among the law masters. There was no intervention by the true gods of either party because, to the two groups of top powers, such small-scale fighting among the law masters under their commands—right before the final battle—was actually a way of training these law masters.

To Nine Smoke Marsh and Xuan Yu Mountain, true gods were the true core combat power.

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

A burly and imposing giant whose footsteps could cause the land to tremble charged toward the numerous beasts ahead in a frenzied manner. These giants, positioned about Universe Ocean, were the pillars of support for their races. Anyone placed within Universe Ocean was nothing less than a Beast God. Only a magical place like the World of Jin had a space stable enough to easily accommodate such crossfire. If these fights had occurred in the primal universe or in Universe Ocean, the entire space would have shattered and collapsed.

Peng!

There were beasts tumbling and rolling about with hissing sounds they bit, baring fangs that glimmered with icy-cold rays. Arms were waving as shouts were heard. Huge axes hacked unfailingly! The entire region was a crazy sight to behold as both parties fought one another.

“Retreat! Alliance Master has given orders for an immediate retreat!”

“Alliance Master has given orders for an immediate retreat!”

Three warriors led the rest of the tribe from Xuan Yu Mountain. Each carried a transmission token with them wherever they went. At that moment, the message with orders to retreat was transmitted to them. This caused the tribal warriors who were initially fighting like crazy to immediately change their course of action.

“Brothers, Alliance Master has given the orders to retreat!”

“Retreat.”

“Retreat.”

Following the orders, a large group of tribal warriors—half of them fighting and half retreating—speedily made their way into a battleship. Thereafter, they retreated into the distance at lightning speed. The beasts who did not make it into the ship fast enough were roaring with rage, as they had been left behind.

“Retreat!”

“Alliance Master has given orders! Retreat!”

“Retreat! Alliance Master has given orders! Retreat!

Almost at the same moment, everyone around the edge of the Nine Smoke Marsh, the great number of tribal warriors in their respective troops, were either in the midst of fighting or in the midst of hiding in ambush. They had yet to take any action but had all received the same command. These troops started to retreat discreetly and speedily. They left the area around Nine Smoke Marsh.

“How weird.” Luo Feng, who had been advancing as warily as possible to stay hidden from the troops, suddenly stopped. “Why isn’t there a single great being from Xuan Yu Mountain to be found?”

“Milky Way, Milky Way! How is it possible that we don’t even see a single great being from the Xuan Yu Mountain tribal alliance? If that is the case, how are you going to execute your plan? How are we going to sow discord?” Wu He asked anxiously.

Luo Feng lightly shook his head. He, too, was at a loss.

Based on their speculations, for so many small-scale conflicts, Xuan Yu Mountain must have sent at least a million law masters. This way, it would be impossible to put so many law masters through such a risk. There must have been true gods protecting them in the dark, just to prevent any unique situation from happening. And that was exactly what Luo Feng was looking for: a true god from Xuan Yu Mountain!

“Do we even need to talk about true gods when not even a single law master can be found?” Wu He was anxious yet helpless. “If this goes on, when will we even complete the mission assigned to us by the army? We are talking about 10,000 military credits!”

“Stop your nonsense.” Luo Feng was frustrated.

Earlier on, Xuan Yu Mountain’s groups of powers had been commonly seen, but now, all of them seemed to have vanished. This added on to Luo Feng’s frustrations. If Xuan Yu Mountain had decided to fully retreat and no longer be involved, then there was no way they could reap the benefits from the conflict between the other two parties.

“Why are they no longer fighting?”

“Earlier on, we discovered six incidences of crossfire between Xuan Yu Mountain and Nine Smoke Marsh in succession. How could they all disappear so suddenly?”

Around a dozen figures hid among the grass. The one heading the troop was a burly giant with curved horns. This was the captain and his troops. Previously, they had encountered six areas where melees were occurring. They had waited until the final moments. Then they had seized the timely opportunity to join the scuffle and defeat the other two parties. They had even disguised themselves as members of Xuan Yu Mountain to kill the law masters of Nine Smoke Marsh!

Xuan Yu Mountain was a super tribal alliance that was massive beyond reckoning. How many law masters were there, exactly? Even internally, there were law masters who did not know some of their fellow law masters even though they all belonged to Xuan Yu Mountain. So, all the more, the beasts from Nine Smoke Marsh would not be able to differentiate whether or not they were from the tribal alliance.

At first glance, they were humanoid. That meant it must have been a powerful tribal group. Kill!

“Captain, what should we do?”

“What should we do now? Continue to disguise ourselves as the tribal warriors of Xuan Yu Mountain and kill those beasts from Nine Smoke Marsh?”

The other warriors looked toward their captain and waited for him to make a decision.

The captain’s pair of gray eyes, beneath his large curved horns, seemed to bear no trace of emotional ups and downs as he said in a low voice, “No. We have not discovered any law masters of Xuan Yu Mountain for quite some time. Maybe… the law masters of Xuan Yu Mountain are starting to retreat. If we continue to pass ourselves off as them, with Nine Smoke Marsh presiding over the overall situation, they will discover that the countless previous conflicts all suddenly disappeared, leaving all but one left. This will definitely arouse their suspicion, and they will surely send out a team of true gods. By then, it will be too late for escape.”

One after another, his warriors nodded.

“Then what should we do now?” All eyes were on the captain.

“Wait,” the captain said in a low voice. “Xuan Yu Mountain and Nine Smoke Marsh are deeply involved in the war against one another, so even if they were to stop, there are bound to be ongoing, small-scale conflicts. On the contrary, the moment such conflicts cease altogether… that will seem strange.”

In a desolate space a few thousand light years away from Nine Smoke Marsh, numerous mighty figures were suspended in midair. Every one of them exuded a tyrannical aura. From a distance, there were at least a few thousand of them, and occasionally, a few true gods would fly over to join the crowd. At that moment, many small teams were continually gathering and merging. These were troops of law masters—law master warriors, to be exact—and they were so densely populated that they could be found all over the sky.

“Alliance master, all teams previously out to hone and train themselves have returned. All true gods have returned, too.”

Before the entire troop of great beings were three figures.

The entire Xuan Yu Mountain had a total of four major tribes. Xuan Yu Mountain, itself, was a tribal alliance. Each and every tribal leader was a true god of void space. These three figures released such boundless power that the void space surrounding the entire army seemed to have condensed and become completely isolated from the outside world. The master of this void space was the figure in the middle.

A cold voice dripping in overwhelming anger was heard resonating through the entire void space. “Nine Smoke Marsh has been provoking us, Xuan Yu Mountain, on so many occasions! Previously, they even dared to attack us at Xuan Yu Mountain. We must teach them that they are not worthy to create such provocations in Xuan Yu Mountain. We must mete out death sentences to them—to punish this Nine Smoke Marsh!”

Instantaneously, angry howls filled the air as all the warriors were filled with fighting spirit.

“Punish this Nine Smoke Marsh!”

“Punish this Nine Smoke Marsh!”

“Punish this Nine Smoke Marsh!”

The alliance master, with a face that resembled a rock, gave the order without further ado. “Let’s go!”

Hong!

A tremendous number of tribal warriors vanished into the void space.

On the periphery of Nine Smoke Marsh, Luo Feng and Wu He waited in the grass while brainstorming alternative solutions. Now, warriors from the powerful groups of Xuan Wu Mountain were nowhere to be found, so their initial plan had to be aborted.

“Do we have to resort to the method of going deep into the tiger’s den?” Luo Feng muttered to himself.

Going deep into the tiger’s den was a solution that Luo Feng would use only under the direst of circumstances. Other than his earthling original body, he had also brought Golden Horned Beast into the World of Jin. And Golden Horned Beast—while in the World of Jin— certainly belonged to the various beasts’ faction. It was perfectly capable of posing as a traveling beast that had happened to find its way into Nine Smoke Marsh. If it was a traveling tribal warrior, then it would not have dared enter Nine Smoke Marsh. But a traveling beast would definitely have the guts!

After entering Nine Smoke Marsh, it would wait for a chance. He believed that, within a short period of time, Nine Smoke Marsh would send troops over to join the army. By then, he would sneak his way into the troop. Being a law master himself, the troop would not guard against him. He just had to pray that that particular troop only had one true god leading the rest. When the troop was a substantial distance away from Nine Smoke Marsh, he would deal a deadly blow.

Get rid of that true god! Complete the mission ever so easily!

But the way of “entering deep into the tiger’s den” was fraught with problems. One, no one knew how many universe masters were going to join the army. If there were many of them, these universe masters would serve as a great threat. Two, no one knew how many true gods Nine Smoke Marsh would send to protect its troops. After all, Nine Smoke Marsh was much bigger and much more powerful than Dry Wilderness Tribe.

“A bait? To lure them out of the hole?”

“Sneak in?”

“Either that, or we painstakingly and gradually hunt these law masters down and spend almost a whole era to make up 10,000 of them?” Luo Feng was frustrated, too. These ideas all had the possibility of success but were all extremely dangerous.

The most effective and most efficient method was getting both parties to fight against one another so he could reap the benefits from their fray. So long as a true god of Nine Smoke Marsh was dead, he would immediately snatch the corpse and then run off without any delay! Given the might of the Boat of Mausoleum, he could definitely make a speedy escape…

“Huh?”

Just as Luo Feng was feeling frustrated, a thought suddenly crossed his mind as he raised his head.

He saw, far in the distance, a “black mass” that had suddenly appeared in the upper sky of Nine Smoke Marsh. There were numerous towering figures so massive that their sizes were counted in the tens of thousands of kilometers. At first glance, it would be a given that once the number of people hit 10,000, the crowd would be like a sea of people. And the tribal warriors all had towering builds like lofty mountains. Amidst the skies above, millions of tribal warriors gathered with such a mighty presence that they naturally created a scene akin to endless black clouds shrouding the entire sky.

“Ah!” Luo Feng’s eyes widened. He had never seen such a shocking scene before.

“A great war,” said Wu He beside him. He raised his head suddenly. His eyes were filled with surprise and excitement. “A great war. It’s a great war. The great war between Xuan YU Mountain and Nine Smoke Marsh. The one, true, final war. This is nothing like the small-scale crossfires of the past. Hahaha… So exciting. Since I came to Northern True Ocean, from birth until now, I have only seen such a large-scale, ultimate war once. Northern True Ocean was too powerful, so no groups of powers around us dared to provoke us. Wow! This is deeply satisfying. Those three at the front must be true gods of void spaces. Even true gods of void spaces are joining in this war. This is truly one great, final war.”

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Heaven and earth changed in color! Time and space transformed!

In the blink of an eye, the entire surroundings of Nine Smoke Marsh —including the peripheral area outside Nine Smoke Marsh where Luo Feng and Wu He were hiding—were enshrouded, too. Other areas of the same land, where the captain and his troop, Ku Fa and her troop, and Yu Luo and his troop were hiding, were similarly enshrouded.

The entire Nine Smoke Marsh! In an instant, the external region became a blurred void space. The upper skies, the surroundings, and the endless marshes at ground level all became a blurred void space. It was as though the entire Nine Smoke Swamp had been cut out and isolated.

“In one thought, the void space is formed!” Luo Feng mumbled to himself. “True god of void space…”

He had long heard of how terrifying a true god of void space could be. Every true god of void space was an overlord of a certain area within the World of Jin; placed in the context of Universe Ocean, every true god of void space would be able to transcend reincarnation to establish one’s own holy land universe. Then he would be able to ensure the everlasting existence of his own race.

Chapter 1356 - Split

After entering the World of Jin, Luo Feng was particularly curious about true gods of void space. They were at a higher level than true gods. He tried to get as much information about them as possible.

Based on the comprehensive information about true gods from Duan Dong River inheritance—and the information he had received from his conversations with Northern Wind and Wu He—he knew that true gods had miniature universes, and their orders, once given, would be strictly enforced.

However, that could only be achieved in Universe Ocean and the original universe, and it couldn’t be achieved in the World of Jin. The so-called “strictly enforced” orders were a form of respect shown by the original universe. They gave a particular area to true gods for them to control.

That was how true gods did things. However, when the original mind chose not to back down, as when true gods were fighting universe masters, the original mind would stand with universe masters. Then true gods couldn’t do it anymore.

Apparently, making their orders strictly enforced wasn’t an ability that true gods gained after fully comprehending laws. Instead, it was a gift like having multiple bodies and other inherited techniques given by the original universe. If the original universe wanted it back, they wouldn’t be able to do it anymore.

However, there was a huge gap between true gods and true gods of void space. Once someone became a true god of void space, they would have a much deeper understanding of the universe, and based on their law comprehension, they would be able to control a void space completely. It wasn’t a gift. Rather, it was total control. Even the original mind couldn’t strip someone of abilities they gained by themselves.

True gods of void space! With a single thought, the void space was formed! In that vast void space, true gods of void space could display incredible power!

True gods couldn’t use their abilities to slaughter universe masters, yet true gods of void space could use one thought to form a void space to slaughter true gods and universe masters. That was the difference between abilities bestowed by the original mind and those comprehended by oneself. With the power of forming a void space with a single thought, any true god of void space could be an overlord of an area in the World of Jin.

The entire Nine Smoke Marsh was blocked from the outside, as a void space surrounded the entire marsh.

“Morons from Xuan Yu Mountain! You dare to cross us again?”

A clear voice that sounded like flowing water echoed in Nine Smoke Marsh. It sounded like it could penetrate one’s mind. All of a sudden, the power contained in the void space around Nine Smoke Marsh seemed to be multiplied as if two void spaces were fighting for control.

Hong! Long! Long!

Lots of strange beasts rushed out of Nine Smoke Marsh, and the strange beasts were all roaring. In front of those thousands of true god strange beasts were three larger beings. The middle one had green scales, a tentacled body, and nine heads. They all looked breathtaking. She was Nine Smoke, the ancient being who ruled Nine Smoke Marsh. Nine Smoke Marsh was named after her!

Hua! Hua! Hua!

After the true gods rushed out, led by those three true gods of void space, law universes surged to the sky.

In the grass, Luo Feng and Wu He looked up and saw the two armies standing against each other.

“Nine Smoke is a very powerful true god of void space.” Wu He transmitted his voice. “Nine Smoke Marsh is famous for her. Even my father appreciates her power. However, she has a strange temperament. Nobody can satisfy her, which is why those powerful true gods of void space don’t want to be with her.”

Luo Feng transmitted his voice. “But Nine Smoke Marsh has three true gods of void space.”

“That’s because…” Wu He smiled oddly. “The other two true gods of void space were chased by their enemies, and they didn’t have anywhere else to go except to stay with Nine Smoke. My father said he could easily kill the other two true gods of void space.”

Luo Feng was dazed. Could there really be such a large power gap between true gods of void space?

It sounded about right. He was a universe master, and if he took a long enough time, he could kill a true god. As for other universe masters, if he utilized all his power, he could kill them with one move. Among those true gods of void space, even if the gap wasn’t that large, it was still possible for one true god of void space to suppress another.

“Wu He,” Luo Feng said, transmitting his voice. “I heard that all the major tribal powers and strange beast powers all led by true gods of void space, but I haven’t heard of anyone stronger than a true god of void space. Is there anyone more powerful?”

Although he didn’t know the levels above true gods, based on Duan Dong River, the ultimate goal of the law path was to control the chaos law, yet that wasn’t the end. The three ancestral teachers from Duan Dong River were above the chaos laws. As for true gods of void space, they hadn’t even manipulated chaos laws yet.

“Tribal powers, strange beast powers… No matter how powerful they are, they are led by true gods of void space,” said Wu He. “As for those more powerful? There are…”

Luo Feng listened carefully to what Wu He was about to say.

“The supreme leader of the East Army,” he said. “The general of the Easy Army!”

“The general?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“The military is the most powerful organization in the World of Jin. There are East Army, North Army, South Army, and West Army! The four generals who lead the four armies are the supreme beings in the World of Jin. Rumor has it that they’ve already surpassed true gods of void space and reached a higher level.”

“What level is that?” asked Luo Feng.

“I don’t know.” Wu He shook his head. “My father didn’t tell me.”

Luo Feng was confused.

“Why are you looking at me like that?” Wu He asked, irritated. “If you really want to know, you can earn military credits and trade them with the information in the military.”

Wu He was displeased. Although he was a child of the Northern True Ocean, he was actually the weakest child, so his father always neglected him.

Just when Luo Feng and Wu He were transmitting their voices to communicate with each other and were looking up, the negotiation between the supreme leaders of Nine Smoke Marsh and Xuan Yu Mountain didn’t go well at all.

“Nine Smoke, you’re being too reckless. You don’t want to share anything with us? Do you really think four true gods of void space of Xuan Yu Mountain can’t rival you alone?”

“You want to share something? Be my sidekicks. Then I’ll happily give some to you.”

“Ah! You’re asking for your own death! Warriors from Xuan Yu Mountain—punish that goddamn bastard from Nine Smoke Marsh!”

Following a furious roar, the two teams started to engage in battle. Soldiers fought soldiers, and leaders fought leaders. Both teams charged at each other swiftly.

Luo Feng looked up. It was as if the clouds from both sides immediately crashed into each other and merged.

“It has begun,” said Wu He, exhilarated.

“It has begun,” Luo Feng said. He held his breath.

There were many variables in war, and it was difficult to predict which side would win. Even though true gods of void space could influence the situation to a large extent, their soldiers were more influential.

Quantity sometimes made up for quality. Law masters were weaker than true gods, but 10,000 law masters performing their combined techniques could defeat any true god!

Similarly, true gods were weaker than true gods of void space, but 1,000 true gods could rival a true god of void space. And if a machine-type valuable was involved, such as “Jiu Xiu,” 100 true gods could wield the power of thousands or even 10,000 true gods, and they had a stronger defense and were more flexible. 100 true gods using Jiu Xiu could certainly rival a powerful true god of void space. As for those weaker true gods of void space, they might be killed.

In a true, major war, true gods could play a very important role if they were equipped with machine-type valuables, like “Jin Luo Sky and Land,” which required at least a million true gods to operate; it could kill a whole group of true gods of void space at once.

The World of Jin was ruled by His Majesty the Godly King, so some machine-type valuables that needed a group to operate were forbidden to use, not to mention Jin Luo Sky and Land. Even Jiu Xiu wasn’t owned by any tribal or strange beast powers.

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

In the dark land, the two powers were fighting each other, and law masters were the ones who died first. Lots of godly bodies were quickly consumed, and under some terrifying combined attacks, some law masters were killed instantly while their weapons and armors dropped.

“Weapons and armors!”

Universe masters in the distance kept dying, and their weapons and armors kept falling. This excited Wu He.

“These are all worth military credits.” Wu He’s eyes gleamed. He gazed at the falling weapons and armors, then looked at Luo Feng. “Milky Way, hurry up! Those weapons and armors are not precious at all. Few of them will be gathered up by the warriors, and others will be neglected. We can totally certainly a great many weapons and armors. We might get 10,000 military credits! Then we can finish our task and survive.”

Bodies of true gods and weapons of law masters were the requisites for proof. Even if Wu He didn’t kill the law master, as long as one died and he retrieved the weapons, the military points could still be counted as his.

In some ways, it encouraged mutual killings.

Luo Feng shook his head. “There are only 10,000 law masters from Nine Smoke Marsh who participated. It’s unrealistic for you to collect 10,000 weapons and armors. If we can collect the bodies of true gods, we can finish the task immediately.”

“You—you…” Wu He was anxious as he gazed at the falling weapons and armors. He appeared both worried and furious. “Milky Way! You…! How powerful do you think you are? True gods are important great beings to all powers. If a true god dies, someone will be responsible for collecting their body. You won’t stand a chance of getting them! As for fighting them? Do you really think you’re strong enough to meddle in a fight like this? You’re being suicidal!”

Chapter 1357 - A True God

Level Battlefield

Luo Feng lightly shook his head.

“You are a fool!” Wu He was truly anxious.

Back when he first entered the army selections, seeing how Luo Feng could defeat him, and also seeing that they were the only two who made it to become new recruits, he had decided to follow Luo Feng’s lead. Based on his experience, he was only showing his weakness to Luo Feng for the time being. When they met with dangers, thanks to Wu He’s life-saving means, Luo Feng would be the first to die. The only thing that fell outside of his expectations was the extent of Luo Feng’s craziness.

He dared not continue following Luo Feng in his crazy courses of action. If they went on taking such risks, Luo Feng would be heading to his doom, and he, Wu He, would likely be unable to escape unscathed from this true god level melee.

Wu He shouted angrily, “You don’t even know what a disaster-level mission really means! If that is the case, you shall fight for your life, and I shall fight for mine! I will not be your companion anymore.”

Sou!

Wu He left very quickly and quietly as he sped toward the battlefield where the melee was taking place.

Luo Feng looked at Wu He’s departing figure and let out a sigh. His only companion since joining the army had left him.

“He never truly trusted me wholeheartedly, anyway.” Luo Feng shook his head and continue to stay hidden among the grass as he observed the greet melee happening in the sky high above. After watching for a long time, he started to take action.

There were three main battlefields in the whole of Nine Smoke Marsh.

They were, namely, the main battlefield, which involved the greatest number of law masters and was always the most chaotic one; the true god level battlefield, which had more than 10,000 true gods; and the void space battlefield, which was occupied by the six true gods of void space.

Among these three main battlefields, the battlefield of the law masters occupied the largest area and was quite scattered. In the sky and deep within the marshes, there were law masters fighting everywhere.

The true gods might only occupy the sky and the marshes, but still, there were battles occurring everywhere. But for the true gods, their battles were mainly congregated in the Purple Vine Marsh region of the Nine Smoke Marsh. After all, the total number of true gods was not that big. The region of Purple Vine Marsh was big enough for their battles, and this region was unanimously avoided by all law masters. No one dared to go near. After all, being caught in a true god melee was the easiest way to lose one’s life.

“A true god level battlefield…”

Luo Feng was advancing most discreetly, at a tremendously rapid speed, toward the true god level battlefield. Along the way, he had encountered three frays, which all involved law masters from Nine Smoke Marsh. The moment they saw Luo Feng, they ascertained that he was a tribal warrior of Xuan Yu Mountain.

Luo Feng had set his mind on arriving at the true god level battlefield as soon as he could, so he was not interested in purposefully bullying any of the law masters. However, the other parties were so insistent in meeting the tip of his blade that Luo Feng was left with no choice. Unintentionally, he had killed one law master from each of the three crossfires.

After a long time, Luo Feng stood above one of the marshes and looked afar.

“There it is.”

Luo Feng watching in silence. He saw a marsh with many lush purple vines over it. This was the “Purple Vine Marsh” region of Nine Smoke Marsh. A great many beast true gods and tribal true gods were entangled in various melees. A handful of true gods even charged out from the quavering swamp. Apparently, there were also melees going on beneath the marsh.

“It seems they are trying to minimize the number of warriors lost from their own army.” Luo Feng observed. “True gods from both sides are mixed around. In Xuan Yu Mountain’s army, there are a few warriors from Nine Smoke Marsh’s army and vice versa. This way, there won’t be the possibility of large-scale attacks occurring.”

In such one-to-one or two-to-one methods of fighting, it would take a long time before any warrior was annihilated! If this was a collective form of attack, a single sweep would bring about a few annihilations, and both parties would charge into one another’s camp. Then they would again be engaged in a series of melees. True gods were different from law masters to begin with; they were fewer, which was why none of the powerful groups were willing to mindlessly waste their precious supply of true god great beings. “Corpses.” Luo Feng looked around earnestly. Now, he was just waiting for a true god level corpse to appear.

Luo Feng hid at a spot not far from the true god level battlefield as he waited quietly for the perfect opportunity to strike. Further off from the peripheral region of the true god level battlefield, another troop of law masters hid in the dark.

“Captain, how impressive. That true god level battlefield is so terrifying, yet you are able to seize a true god corpse so easily.”

“Impressive!”

“True, Captain. It seems so easy when you do it. If I were the one performing the task, I am certain I would not make it out alive.”

18 law masters were hiding in a faraway spot amidst the wilderness. This was one of the troops consisting of the captain and his troop of warriors. They had been deployed here by Python River Army. The other warriors were praising their captain because, just a while ago, he had displayed his formidable ability when caught in a perilous situation. He had just seized a corpse of a Nine Smoke Marsh true god.

They were praising their captain for two reasons. One, they truly admired how powerful he was. Two, they held high hopes that their captain would seize more true god corpses, which would help them complete their military mission.

The captain, who had been relishing in all the compliments, finally shouted an order. “Enough!”

His warriors might not have been aware of the intense risk he had taken, but the captain was crystal clear on this fact.

“There can only be one.” The captain’s gaze swept through the troop as he spoke, and right away, several of their hopes were dashed. “Previously, on the true god level battlefield, not one of those law masters dared to get close to me. Suddenly, I appeared to seize a corpse. This was something they had not expected, and they were caught off-guard. That was why I was able to make such a speedy escape. Even so, I also suffered a blow from one of the attacks. Had I been a little slower or surrounded by a few true gods…”

The captain shook his head as he considered the possible outcome. He had undergone many missions and had made it through every single one—even those at the reincarnation level. He knew full well that at the crucial moment, when it was time to strike, he had to take a gamble and go for it! Since he was leading a troop of warriors, at the very least, he had to obtain a corpse. He had to first be able to complete his mission before he could help his warriors.

“Captain…”

Everyone looked towards him.

“I won’t leave you in a lurch,” the captain said. “If I had no intentions of helping, I would have left right away. Just wait. When the opportunity arrives, all of you just have to act according to my plan. I will do my best to help you all.”

“Captain, just give your orders, and we will follow.”

Everyone might have appeared to oblige without hesitation, but in their hearts, they were worried. No matter what, the captain had already seized a true god corpse, so he had enough military credits. But there were 17 of them, which meant they would need 17 true god beast bodies from Nine Smoke Marsh’s side.

“Having to seize 17 true god bodies…” Among the warriors, there were some who felt that since their captain could succeed so easily, if they were to take the risk, they might stand a chance of success, too. “Earlier on, Captain made things look so easy. He caught his opponent off guard. Then, at an incomparably fast speed, he seized the corpse and then made his escape without delay. If I tried that, I might possibly succeed too.”

Yet, as time passed and they still had not managed to obtain a corpse, they were truly pushed to the peak of anxiety. Still, they had to go on with their current plan.

The captain swept his gaze over them all. With a frown he reminded them, “Remember, there can only be one. The first time, you made a careless move. The next time around, you must be vigilant. Those true gods did not capture me, but they were not about to let me have my way as I pleased. You all must remember: Do not take any risks. The moment someone makes a risky move, I will leave this battlefield right away.”

“Understood.”

“We will not act rashly.”

One by one, the warriors responded. The captain and his troop of warriors were waiting patiently for the right opportunity to come along.

Luo Feng was also waiting. But he did not know that the captain and his warriors were also in the vicinity. After all, the captain was very experienced. Making formulating plans and making decisions, he was swifter and surer, so he had reached the goal long before Luo Feng and had managed to seize a true god body first.

“With a single thought, a void space is formed. The entire Nine Smoke Marsh is enshrouded by the void space. Within this area, any domain type true treasure is rendered powerless. Even if my Shi Wu Wings were still around, their ability to control time and space would still be rendered pointless.”

Luo Feng understood this and was aware that, on this battlefield, only a true god of void space could rein control over the whole situation. Other true gods and law masters could only observe with their eyes and sense by using their godly powers.

“I can only depend on my eyes to observe and my godly power to sense.” Luo Feng kept a thorough and close watch.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

It was as though heaven and earth had collapsed.

The true god battlefield was suddenly a scene of chaos. From afar, Luo Feng kept a watchful eye over every single detail as he waited for the right opportunity to emerge.

Peng!

A hideous body came crashing out of the muddy marsh and flew over in an upside-down posture. Then its massive body rolled and tumbled over the ground. It seemed to have fallen into a state of unconsciousness. Shortly after, a tribal true god charged out of the marsh at lightning speed. In his hand was a strange stone rod. On one end of it, the tip was extremely sharp.

Raising the stone rod high, he took aim and tossed it at the rolling, tumbling beast body. The rod instantaneously pierced the beast body!

Pu!

The sharp end of the stone rod pierced straight through the head of the beast body. A single stab was enough to pin the body of the rolling, tumbling beast down within the marsh. The massive body crashed down with a bang, splashing water all over the place. At the spot on the beast true god’s head where the stone rod had pierced through, bouts of terrifying ripples surged from the stone rod.

“Ah!” The true god beast let out a shout of anguish. Then its head drooped, and it lay still, in the same spot, no longer moving.

“Hahaha…” The arrogant tribal true god laughed in a most uninhibited manner.

Hong!

Three beast figures swept down at almost the same time.

“Only capable of bullying the little ones without any true god level armor for protection.”

“You truly deserve to die.”

“You bastards of the Xuan Yu Mountain!”

The three beast true gods bellowed taunts as they charged over. The tribal true god did not dare to confront them. Instead, he made a speedy retreat.

This was the so-called method of “preying on the weak.” Out of the large number of true god beasts and tribal true gods, more than half had never joined the army before! As a result, there were many without true god level armor. It was similar to when Rampaging Devil God first arrived and was met with a true god beast; he had not had any true god level armor to protect himself.

Far away…

“True god corpse! From the Nine Smoke Marsh!” The warriors under the captain’s command were all eyeing the body.

“Don’t take risks! I’ve said this before—don’t take risks,” said the captain.

He looked around. The prestige and power that these warriors coveted could be seen in their eyes. After all, none of them had been confident enough, so they had hoped that the captain would take the field for them. But the captain was no fool.

In another spot far from the true god level battlefield, Luo Feng also kept a close watch. He saw the hideous body lying in the middle of the marsh. It was several tens of thousands of kilometers long. More than half of it was submerged beneath the water. The other parts were exposed above the surface.

“This true god corpse belongs to a member of the Nine Smoke Marsh.” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up.

His gaze swept over the positions of the other true gods on the battlefield. With his godly power, he could sense and confirm, quite accurately, the exact position of each and every one of them.

Right now, they are in the midst of numerous melees, thought Luo Feng. Even if they wanted to stop me, based on the respective distance of these true gods from me, at most, five true gods would make it in time. And merely five true gods… No threat at all!

In Luo Feng’s mind, eight possible routes appeared, and he immediately got moving. As he closed the distance between him and the battlefield, he continuously adjusted his route and calculating his risks based on the movements of the true gods who were engaged in a series of melees.

Sou!

Arriving at the danger zone soon, he thought. From now on, there is a possibility of being discovered with every passing second. The later I am discovered, the easier it will be for me to escape.

Luo Feng had already charged into the terrifying, earth-shattering true god level battlefield.

Chapter 1358 - New Soldier

Milky Way

Luo Feng turned to the size of a speck of dust. He was moving forward at an incredible speed among the purple vines. Though he appeared minuscule, his speed still caused ripples, and they could be found by godly power sensing.

Hong!

Over 10,000 true gods were fighting each other, and the ripples were chaotic. Only those close to Luo Feng could find that ripple; others couldn’t notice anything.

“It’s there.”

Luo Feng raced toward the body. That true god strange beast’s body was lay in the giant marsh, and over half of the hundreds-of-thousands-of-kilometers-long body was covered by the marsh. As Luo Feng approached it, three true gods were fighting each other near it. Two tribal true gods were encircling a strange beast true god.

“Huh?”

All three of them had their eyes on that tiny ripple, and they immediately knew what it was coming from. All of them saw the tiny body of Luo Feng.

“Law master!”

“A law master stole the body of a great being from Nine Smoke Marsh. Those body-stealers must be under a military task. The task is indeed difficult, but stealing bodies of great beings from Nine Smoke Marsh is punishable by death.”

The true gods immediately stopped fighting each other. For a long time, Nine Smoke Marsh and Xuan Yu Mountain had been fighting each other.

However, the battles were not just for benefits but also for training law masters. Weak law masters would utilize all their power. As for true gods and true gods of void space, they all restrained their power in battle. Weak true gods were killed every time, but as for those who had been trained in the military, they rarely died. Everyone had a consensus. However, dead bodies of true gods being stolen as trophies wasn’t tolerated by those living true gods.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Three beings flew toward Luo Feng like three streaks of light and tried to block him.

Hua!

Three beings like rainbows dashed toward a spot as tiny as a speck of dust.

“I’ve been found!” Luo Feng took a look at the three flying streaks of light. “Only three true gods. Nothing to worry about.”

Peng!

Three beings swept in. They figured there was nothing for them to hide anymore.

Hong!

Luo Feng’s godly body expanded to 100,000 kilometers tall.

The team captain and his soldiers were watching the fight among true gods carefully near the periphery of the true-god-level warzone. Many of them had their attention on the true god bodies of Nine Smoke Marsh.

“Someone tried to seize the bodies!” a soldier said, transmitting his voice.

The team captain and the others looked.

“There he is.” The team captain laughed. “See? This one who tried to seize the bodies was careful, yet he’s still being chased by three true gods. Why? Because I seized a body before, so now, they’re more careful with it! If you go, you’ll be encircled by three true gods as well, and if you can’t get away quickly enough, there might be five, seven, or even ten true gods encircling you.”

The soldiers all felt intimidated.

“Let’s see which arrogant guy it is. Ku Fa or Yu Luo?” The team captain felt relaxed.

“It must be that idiot Yu Luo,” said a soldier.

Hong!

Luo Feng’s godly body suddenly expanded.

“It’s—it’s…” All of them looked at Luo Feng’s face, dazed.

“It’s the new soldier!”

“It’s Milky Way!”

“It’s that newcomer, Milky Way! He… he dares to snatch bodies like the captain?” Everyone was bewildered.

“He’s dead meat,” the captain said coldly.

The captain knew exactly how terrible the situation was that this newcomer Milky Way faced. Even the captain had needed to use his most precious machine-type valuables to utilize his power. Otherwise, he couldn’t have gotten away.

“He’s dead.”

“Let’s see how he’ll die.”

The soldiers were all watching. This new teammate was a complete stranger to them.

Luo Feng’s godly body bulged. One of his hands held the blade’s handle while the other held the blade itself. He resisted the three traces of light on his side. He then dashed toward the body of the true god more quickly.

“Great power borrowing.”

“He can borrow power under the attacks of true gods. No wonder he’s in Python River Army.” Those soldiers all nodded and complimented. The power borrowing seemed simple, but they needed to be well trained to master it.

The captain nodded. “That newbie is doing okay. Unfortunately, he was given a catastrophe-level task. The three true gods are coming, and based on the speed, that newcomer won’t be able to make it to the body.”

They kept watching. Luo Feng raced toward the body of the true god while being followed by three furious true gods.

“He’s dead.”

“What a pity.”

Everyone pretended to sigh.

“It’s…” Just when the captain opened his mouth, he was so shocked that he couldn’t continue speaking. It was as if someone were choking him.

All the team members looked into the distance in surprise. It was a terrific view completely beyond their imagination.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Luo Feng was holding a blade, and the blade moved like a phantom. His body was strictly following the blade’s movements, and the entire body turned into a phantom. Under the combined attack of the three true gods, that blade phantom looked blurry. They hit each other several times, and he immediately flew out from the encirclement of the three true gods.

Luo Feng had been training in the Space of Inheritance for over 8 million eras, and this was one of his two largest gains: a close-combat defense technique called “Flowing Gold”!

All 18 soldiers, including the captain, watched the scene in a daze. It was unbelievable. A mere law master dad dodged an encirclement of three true gods! Even the captain, who had been through countless incarnation tasks, knew that he couldn’t easily get away from three true gods. It was a terrific dodging technique.

“You two, tell me your names and your advantages.”

“I am Wu He. I’m good at… I’m good at… Oh, I have a large enough godly body, which is over one million kilometers tall.”

“I am Milky Way. I am stronger than Wu He. I’m good at close combat dodging.”

The stupefied captain recalled the first conversation he’d had with that newcomer Milky Way.

“Good at? Just good at?” The captain was thrilled. “I’ve never seen a law master so good at close-combat dodging.”

Little did he know was that Luo Feng had the space of inheritance, which was the area of cultivation for each generation of inheritance from Duan Dong River! Other than the time acceleration, there was a virtual space for trials and combat. There were 282 competitors, including each generation of Duan Dong River! The most powerful ones were the three ancestral teachers.

Over the past eight million eras, Luo Feng had gained the least in blade techniques. After all, for each generation of Duan Dong River, only part of them created a blade technique at top-tier level seven. Luo Feng had created a blade technique at level seven, “Light of Water and Fire,” based on his already created blade technique “Nirvana Incarnation.” This was only a small part of the gains he had made in the past eight million eras.

One of the two greatest gains was his close combat body technique, “Flowing Gold.” It was difficult to improve blade techniques, so Luo Feng had started to study close combat body techniques, and he often fought the competitors in the virtual space—even the three ancestral teachers. However, the three ancestral teachers could easily crush Luo Feng even if they only used the godly power of law masters.

After all, the three ancestral teachers had such extraordinary techniques that they stood among the top beings of the ancient civilization. Under such training, he had learned from the past generations and those ingenious techniques. Thus, he had finally created Flowing Gold!

Lots of great inheritance techniques, great beings from the virtual space, training, and comprehension—all these combined had led to the technique.

All those 18 soldiers, including the captain, were astounded as they watched what was happening.

That Milky Way had first used his incredible dodging technique to escape from the three true gods. Then, he had arrived beside the body of the true god, taking the body. He then had raced toward another path, his body moving like a giant blade racing forward. Even with two true gods trying to stop him, he still lost the two with his great evasion techniques.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Luo Feng went inside the great vines and disappeared.

“Madness.”

“It’s too incredible.”

“How can someone have such an incredible technique?”

All the soldiers were shocked to their core. “If he’s caught in a fight between two powers, with his evasion technique, he can survive even after all the law universes and most true gods die.”

Everyone was frightened, including the team captain. He had been through lots of training and various difficulties, and he thought he definitely stood among the top law masters—even among the entire east army, few could outmatch him. Yet he hadn’t expected the existence of a law master who was so great at evading.

“Without machine-type valuables, I would be crushed by him if we’re in a fair fight.” The captain was greatly intimidated. “Of course, when it comes to battle, weapons and machine-type valuables are also important. With a machine-type valuable, my power will greatly surge, so I can still suppress and even kill him!”

After all, some powerful machine-type valuables could greatly improve great being’s power.

Chapter 1359

A supposedly seventh-tier combat power could be boosted directly to a tenth-tier combat power with an automaton type treasure. This was the charming aspect of the automaton type, something which researching and creating any other secret techniques could never be able to achieve. Of course, everyone was using automaton type treasures, and so, those who were originally much stronger would naturally be able to unleash an even stronger combat power.

“Given the strength of this new recruit, Milky Way, so long as he is given enough time, he will be able to earn military credits at any rate and in any amount he pleases,” the captain said to himself silently. “He will also be able to continue improving himself. It seems like upon returning to the army this time, I will have to cozy up to this new recruit, Milky Way. By the next reincarnation-level mission, if I am still unable to become a true god, I’m afraid the hope of accomplishing a reincarnation level mission will fall on this new recruit, Milky Way.”

The captain understood this quite well. For now, he could depend on some external means to try to kill this new recruit, Milky Way. Yet, if ample time were given, this new recruit, Milky Way, would certainly surpass him. Since he could not defeat Luo Feng, the smarter thing to do was to make friends with him.

“That law master is simply too strong. None of the true gods from our entire Xuan Yu Mountain has such a terrifying ability of close-range dodging like him.”

The five true gods who had progressively tried to obstruct Luo Feng’s way before were all greatly shocked—especially the three true gods who had just started to create obstructions. Now, they felt all the more lost. Even with the three of them working together, this law master had been able to escape their siege with great ease. It was as though he was poking fun at them.

“That law master will definitely become a true god.”

“And he will be a top-tiered, most terrifying true god! If he further relies on an automaton-type treasure, I’m afraid he is going to be nothing less than an invincible true god of void space.”

“Yes. It is rare for a true god to be evenly matched with a true god of void space… and if one wants to achieve that—just like that law master earlier on—it is indeed possible to accomplish such a feat.”

The five true gods agreed unanimously. The further one progressed upward, the weaker an automaton type treasure became. When law masters relied on the power of automaton-type treasures, many of them could become equal in force with true gods.

On the other hand, throughout the entire World of Jin, it was rare for a true god to be evenly matched with a true god of void space with the reliance on automaton type treasures. But they all felt that if it were that law master earlier on, so long as he became a true god, he would be able to achieve this.

In the sky high above Nine Smoke Marsh, bouts of powerful ripples were being transmitted over. This was due to the overpowering presence of six true gods of void space from Nine Smoke Marsh and Xuan Yu Mountain suspended in midair without engaging in any crossfire.

“Nine Smoke, the three of us combined are, unbelievably, still not a match for you. How many times has it been?” The three true gods of void spaces from Xuan Yu Mountain lamented.

“Qu Wan!” Nine Smoke had a devilish body that resembled an octopus and nine human faces. He also had a beautiful voice. “How very impressive you all are. Only three of you, yet I cannot break through your combination law. If all four true gods of void spaces from your Xuan Yu Mountain come here, I suppose.”

“Eh?”

“Mm?”

Six true gods of void space witnessed everything that was occurring beneath their feet at once.

“What impressive close-combat dodging!”

“Impressive.”

Even true gods of void space could not hold back their praises.

“With the blade positioned as the cutting tip and its own body as the handle of the blade, he had become one with his blade to form a battle blade. When he moves about, the blade becomes sharper and more powerful. At times, it will collide and borrow the strength of its enemy. And other times, while the enemy tries hard to resist, it would already be drifting off afar.” Nine Smoke could not help marveling the moment he gained an understanding of what he had just witnessed. “What an ingenious plan to be able to create such a close-combat technique.”

“With the blade positioned as the cutting tip, and its own body as the handle of the blade?” The other true gods of void space were instantly more enlightened.

These true gods of void space were all aware that their close-combat dodging techniques were much more impressive than that law master. But they had the advantage of a stronger foundation, a stronger comprehension, and a better grasp over the void space. In terms of how subtle and marvelous these close-combat techniques were—and the various incredible aspects of it—they all knew that when they were still law masters themselves, they were a far cry from this new recruit.

“This new recruit must be someone the East Army intends to focus on cultivating.”

“Yes.”

“I think he might already be placed on the name list.”

The true gods of void spaces were all discussing while trying to reach a verdict.

Nine Smoke responded, “This is certainly one extraordinary genius, a rare sight in our World of Jin. If given enough time, in the future, it is highly possible that he will be sealed with a title to become a titled great being.”

“A titled great being?”

The other true gods of void spaces were amazed. Sealed with a title?

Even for these six true gods of void space, none had been sealed with a title before. To be sealed with the name of a “Jin” was the dream of countless true gods of void space—something all of them greatly desired. Just like true gods, it was certainly possible for true gods to be sealed with a title, but the requirements were much more intense, and that intensity could reach such an extent that was almost unbelievable.

The weaker a true god was, the more stringent the requirements of being sealed with a title were. If one accomplished the level of a general within the East Army, then right away, he would be sealed with a title!

Far in the distance, amidst the grassy patches of the marsh, Luo Feng remained well hidden.

“Having seized a true god corpse of Nine Smoke Marsh, at least I have accomplished this disaster-level mission.”

Luo Feng revealed a trace of a smile. His greatest takeaway, though, was not that true god corpse, but rather…

“When I was traversing the true god level battlefield earlier, I collected samples of blood, scales, hairs, and some other body components from a total of 212 true gods, all of which I gathered from the marsh or wild grassy patches that the true gods fought on. With my godly power, I have hopes of becoming a true god, but the previous samples of life genes of true gods were too few to be useful. This time around, I have collected more than enough. After this era has ended, I can either choose to enter or leave the World of Jin. By that time, I will let my new Remote Ocean body take these samples of blood, scales, and hair.”

Luo Feng was very pleased with this thought as he continued to observe the true god level battlefield from afar.

Watching the happenings on the true god level battlefield, there was a possibility that an opportunity might arise.

Having encountered the stealing of true god corpses by the two law masters, the captain and the new recruit, Milky Way, and the 10,000-plus true gods from the two parties engaged in crossfire within Purple Vine Marsh were in a rage. They paid no heed the first time a true god corpse was stolen by the captain, but the second time a true god corpse was stolen by a new recruit, this time by Milky Way, they were extremely puzzled.

Yet no matter how puzzled they were, seizing a true god corpse, was an act of provocation toward the living true gods!

“Catch them both.”

“Catch them, or both us, Nine Smoke Marsh, and you, Xuan Yu Mountain, will be put to shame.”

“Next time. Just wait until the next time they appear. We will catch hold of them.”

These true gods were all highly vigilant. When both camps were fighting one another, occasionally, there would be one being annihilated and thus falling right within the marsh. The other true gods, whether intentionally or accidentally, would not deviate too far from this region. Most thoroughly, they were all detecting with their godly powers. The moment there were signs of ripples, they would speedily surround the entire region.

However, Luo Feng and the captain were both highly intelligent. Each of them had one true god great being corpse from the Nine Smoke Marsh, so they were in no hurry.

But the crossfire between Xuan Yu Mountain and Nine Smoke Marsh —two powerful groups—was long and tedious. There were times where both parties confronted one another and fought like crazy; there were times where they fought in battles where one party gave chase as the other escaped as if they were playing cat and mouse. The longer this crazy battle dragged on, the more intense the training and honing of skills for these law masters became. Likewise, the longer the fighting persisted, the more frequent the annihilation of true gods became. And just like that, the true gods from both groups of top powers started to feel the rage.

On top of all that, Luo Feng and the captain remained obscured from view.

One day, two days, three days… Half a month… One month…

“Just like the military mission of a law master, demanding that they obtain a true god corpse is simply unrealistic. I suppose those two law masters have accomplished their missions and left.”

Great beings from the two groups of top powers were gradually losing interest in the true god corpses they had lost.

“We, two different groups of power, even if we fought against one another, or even if we see no need to safeguard our true god corpses, there is no reason we should let them take any more corpses away again. We shall each send out one true god to collect the corpses belonging to us, and during the collection, both sides shall not attack one another. What do you think of my proposal?”

A voice was rapidly transmitted in response. “All right, let’s do that.”

Nine Smoke Marsh and Xuan Yu Mountain both designated a true god to be sent out to collect the corpses belonging to their deceased true gods.

Hua! Hua!

A tribal true god, fully covered in red, transformed into a streak of flowing light and set out to collect the numerous tribal true gods’ corpses. At that moment, not a single beast true god from Nine Smoke Marsh attacked him.

At the same time, an eight-hooved beast true god with a long neck also flew out to collect the beast true gods’ corpses. After close to three months of fighting, there were over 20 true god corpses, and this beast true god collected them all in a single breath.

“No!”

“Leave some behind.”

The captain and his warriors watched with blazing eyes. They were all at the peak of anxiety.

“Captain!”

“Captain!”

The other warriors were panicking. They had waited for close to three months. Previously, they had seen those many true god corpses lying around. How could they not have been tempted by the sight? But their captain had given strict orders, and so, no one made a move. Now, all the true god corpses had been taken away.

Beneath his gigantic, curved horns, the captain’s gray eyes swept over the warriors around him as he barked his orders. “You may go on your own if you want to! They were purposely baiting us. Now, they are paying no need to us at all, retrieving all the corpses. Could it be that you all are thinking of killing a true god? To kill a true god, even with our joint efforts, would take an extremely long time. Before we could hope to succeed, we would most likely be surrounded by thousands of true gods.”

The warriors were all anxious and angry, but they were also at a loss as to what they should do.

“Wait! Wait for the right opportunity!” the captain shouted. “After all, we have an entire era.”

Elsewhere, Luo Feng kept a close watch over every move made by that scaly, long-necked, and eight-hooved beast true god. He was paying such close attention to its every move because this beast true god had just collected 26 true god corpses in one go.

“A single true god corpse is worth 10,000 military credits,” Luo Feng said to himself. “26 true god corpses will be worth 260,000 military credits.” Luo Feng was felt his heart stirring with excitement as he watched the beast true god. “This beast true god was sent here to collect the corpses because its status is not high enough. Judging by its performance during the melee earlier on, its power is quite ordinary… It does not even seem to own a true god level armor.”

No true god level armor! And power that was weaker than a true god?

Luo Feng was so tempted. He had spent eight million eras of painstaking cultivation to attain his current power and strength! Based on his own judgment, to kill this weaker beast true god, which did not own a true god level armor, would be a piece of cake! But he needed to spend some time working something out, but even this short length of time would be more than enough for the true gods. They could rapidly surround him in no time.

If he were to rely on his close-combat dodging technique, he would still be able to escape from a siege by a few true gods. But if the number was increased to a few dozen true gods—or even 100 true gods—Luo Feng could only depend on the Boat of Mausoleum to make his escape. If there were more than 100 true gods… perhaps even the Boat of Mausoleum would not be able to make an escape!

“Wait. I have to wait for the right opportunity.” Luo Feng’s eyes were locked on that eight-hooved beast true god.

Previously, when they were collecting corpses, no one had made any move to attack it. But when the collection of corpses ended… it would still re-enter the battlefield and continue to fight as it normally did. Its power was weaker, and based on what Luo Feng had observed, he was gradually able to judge the magnitude of decline of the power of that beast true god.

“An additional decline of 20 percent of its power, and then its body will be weak enough. Given the strength of my power now, if I were to release a full-force outburst, I could definitely kill it in no time.”

Luo Feng locked his eyes on that eight-hooved beast true god as he waited for the right time to make his move.

Chapter 1360

Luo Feng and the team of the captain were waiting for an opportunity outside the true god level battlefield. The craziest battle in Nine Smoke Marsh was the battle among those law masters. It was an insane war, during which many weak law masters died.

There were tens of millions of law masters combined from Xuan Yu Mountain and Nine Smoke Marsh! One-third of them had already died! It was a matter of training and screening; lots of law masters who survived this would quickly become true gods!

“That idiot, Milky Way! He wants to get a body of a true god? Does he really think it’s that easy?” Wu He’s tail slashed, and he immediately moved in the vast battlefield of Nine Smoke Marsh. Sometimes, he raced toward the tribal warriors from Xuan Yu Mountain, roaring.

“Kill!”

“Kill those bastards from Xuan Yu Mountain.”

Some strange beasts beside him also roared and charged at the tribal warriors.

Nine Smoke Marsh was enormous, and there were many law masters. There might have been law masters being born and old masters dying during the battle. Knowing 80 percent of the law masters was helpful. They saw that Wu He was a strange beast, and they were trying to kill the tribal warriors from Xuan Yu Mountain. They assumed that he was just a comrade they didn’t know.

“Kill, kill!” Wu He was going insane with killing. Once a strange beast died, he immediately took the fallen weapons and armors. “I’ve only gained 1,2000 military points in three months.”

Wu He felt anxious. The battlefield was enormous. He could only take weapons and armors! Plus, he needed to be extra careful. After all, the battlefield was chaotic, and if he didn’t pay enough attention, he might get killed.

At the other end of the battlefield of Nine Smoke Marsh…

“Be careful, everyone. We’re very powerful law masters, yet it’s a war among over ten million law masters! Qu Luo Ni and his friend died because they weren’t careful enough. We need have lots of military credits to get, but we have to be extra careful.”

Soldiers led by Ku Fa were also on the battlefield. They were all tribal warriors, so they pretended to come from Xuan Yu Mountain.

“Yes.”

“I understand.”

“We still have a long way to go.”

All the soldiers were anxious. But that was only on the surface. Deep down, all those soldiers understood that the more their teammates died, the more weapons and armor they could gain for themselves. All of them combined had barely over 10,000 weapons and pieces of armor. That was at least enough to get over 10,000 military credits so that at least one soldier could survive the task.

Teammates dying was actually a good thing to them. However, nobody was personally willing to die.

Soldiers led by Ku Fa and Yu Luo and Wu He acting by himself were all trying to get the weapons and armors from Nine Smoke Marsh. And of course, they could sneak in some weapons and armors from the great beings from Xuan Yu Mountain as long as the military didn’t detect anything suspicious.

Nine Smoke Marsh was beyond huge! They couldn’t get that many weapons and armors! It was destined that most of them would either die on the battlefield or be executed based on military rules!

Yet they still didn’t go to the battlefield of true gods.

On the periphery of the battlefield of true gods, the war had been lasting for almost four months. Luo Feng was silently waiting for an opportunity. However, the soldiers led by the captain were in a panic.

A skinny soldier in dark golden armor transmitted his furious voice. “Captain! You’re always such a chicken! We won’t have such an opportunity to reap the military credits after the war! Without military credits, we can only run away. However, if the military wants us dead, we will only survive for a short while. We have to earn military credits to survive!”

“That’s right, captain. We need to do something.”

“We want to live!”

“We want military credits!”

Several soldiers were getting frantic, while the other soldiers also looked at the captain nervously.

The cold eyes under the team captain’s huge horn glanced around at his teammates. He knew that those soldiers were all anxious. He had a true god body, so he didn’t need to worry about survival, yet the soldiers under him couldn’t be so at ease.

“It would be suicide for you go to the battlefield of true gods,” the captain said coldly.

“We know. That is why we’re not going there. However, countless law masters are fighting each other right now, and they’re all potential military credits! As long as we have enough time and get lots of weapons and armors, we can totally earn enough military credits. We’ll have a better chance of surviving the battlefield of law masters.”

“That’s right, captain.”

“Let’s go to the battlefield of law masters.”

Everyone looked to the captain.

The captain sneered. “Gather weapons and armors for 10,000 military credits? How long do you think it’ll take? If you really want to go, just go. I won’t stop you. However, I’ll send you a message through the communication token at a crucial moment. Tell me your coordinates, and you must come. Otherwise…”

“Yes, Captain.”

“We understand, Captain.”

“If Captain summons us, we’ll be there as soon as possible.”

“Captain, we’ll be going to the battlefield now.”

“We’ll follow your order, Captain.”

All the soldiers answered, then left secretly. After a short while, the soldiers under the captain had all left.

The captain shook his head and sneered. “It seems they’re all panicking under the threat of death.”

The captain looked down on those soldiers from the bottom of his heart. However, they were, after all, soldiers from Python River Army. If they cooperated, they could exert tremendous power. If he could lead them well, they could achieve some tasks easily. He wouldn’t give up on them unless he had to.

Luo Feng and the team captain were standing at different spots on the periphery of the battlefield of true gods. They were prepared to show their true self at any time.

“Howl!” The strange beast true god with eight claws and a long neck had his sole eye gleaming.

His power had already tumbled. True gods like him who didn’t have true god armor were inferior to those true gods who had joined the military! Minor issues like cleaning the battlefield, patrolling, and taking the bodies of their own side all fell on those true gods. They knew that it was because they weren’t powerful enough, so they would try to train themselves. However, in a fight like this, they would choose to evade the attacks once they felt that their power had tumbled.

“Damn it.”

“Once a true god dies, the weapons and armor will fall from his body, and they’ll be seized by the enemy who kills him. I haven’t got anything yet.”

True god level armor and weapons were precious. However, those weapons and armors that were inferior were very common. Most law masters had them. In World of Jin, even 1,000 pinnacle true treasures couldn’t equal one supreme true treasure!

“I must get a true god armor. I have to.”

The eight-hooved strange beast true god kept wandering. He had been avoiding fights and looking for an opportunity. If a true god who had a true god armor died, he would try everything in his power to seize it! However, it was very difficult for true gods at that level to die, and even if they died, he wouldn’t have much of a chance to seize it. Otherwise, he would have had a true god armor already.

They were wandering at different areas in the battlefield of true gods.

“If there aren’t any other true gods around,” the captain said, anxious, “I can kill that eight-hooved strange beast if I use my machine type valuable to fight him. But it’s the battlefield of true gods… He has collected over 30 bodies of true gods.”

On the other side. Luo Feng appeared tranquil as he stared at the strange beast true god with eight claws. He kept deducting the coordinates.

“His power has tumbled,” he said to himself. “And he doesn’t have a supreme true treasure armor to protect his body! I can guarantee that I can kill him in no time.”

Luo Feng confirmed the strange beast true god’s position. As it continued wandering, Luo Feng started to act as well. He didn’t move quickly, as he didn’t want his ripples to be detected by godly power. He kept approaching the battlefield of true gods. He moved very slowly and was patient.

It took him more than three days to approach the strange beast, and he entered the battlefield of true gods.

“Wait…” Luo Feng told himself. “Wait. I’ll wait for the right moment.”

Luo Feng kept holding back his power. For the past three days—and now, at this moment—he was growing more and more aggressive. He forgot all other thoughts and focused only on one goal: to kill that eight-hooved strange beast true god as soon as possible!

This was his only goal!

His power exploded. Luo Feng had a strong urge to pull out his blade. Why could his power only make a breakthrough in life-and-death battles? When it came to life-and-death battles, his natural instinct would concentrate all his thoughts, invoking great potential. It was definitely dangerous!

How crazy was the idea of killing a true god on a battlefield of 10,000 true gods? It was insane, yet that was why Luo Feng grew even more excited.

“An opportunity. An opportunity. An opportunity!”

Luo Feng watched the eight-hooved strange beast true god coming from afar. At the moment, the strange beast was proceeding carefully; he clearly didn’t want to fight the powerful true gods from Xuan Yu Mountain. He could barely fight those weak tribal true gods. Slowly, he drew nearer to Luo Feng’s location.

Luo Feng’s eyes suddenly gleamed. He became livid.

“This is the moment.”

Hong!

His speed accelerated, and his godly power started to burn relentlessly.

Hong!

The first volume of Duan Mie!

Hong!

He further burnt his godly power. The second volume of Duan Mie! This was the second-largest gain he had made in the past eight million eras—finishing the second volume of Duan Mie!

“What?” The strange beast true god, who had been proceeding so carefully, turned his long head around. His single eye looked back in shock. A gigantic, blurry blade shadow raced toward him with ferocious force.

Chapter 1361

“It’s him!” The eight-hooved beast true god recognized him right away. This great being that was transformed into a gigantic, blurry blade figure was crushing and rolling its way over. This was the law master who had stolen a true god corpse earlier on.

“He’s just a law master! No matter how impressive his close-combat dodging technique is, his law comprehension foundation is as superficial. From what we can see, the battle techniques that he can comprehend will not surpass what is expected of him.”

The eight-hooved beast true god was brimming with self-confidence. Previously, he had leaped in shock, yet the moment he determined that it was merely a law master he was dealing with, he no longer held onto any trace of worry.

His line of thinking was not wrong. The foundation determined the technique!

A universe master, being able to create a secret technique that reached the sixth-tier as the top level was already adequate enough to be regarded as incredible. Before Luo Feng, within Universe Ocean, there was no such precedence. Even Luo Feng had to rely on help from the space of inheritance to be able to create a secret technique that reached the sixth tier as the top level.

Seventh tier as the top? Generations of Duan Dong River had been so great and powerful, yet only slightly more than half managed to create secret techniques at this level. As for the eighth tier, of the generations of Duan Dong River, only two had managed to accomplish this level.

But for true gods—even an ordinary true god—being able to create secret techniques at the seventh tier as the top to the eighth tier was nothing extraordinary. As for some super true gods, the ninth tier or even the tenth tier were achievable. This was the difference in foundation. The higher one’s foundation was, the more at ease one would be when it came to comprehension.

This eight-hooved beast true god was a true god to begin with. The secret technique he executed would naturally be at a given standard.

“He must be quite a greedy one to think of attacking me. He must be eyeing the great number of true god corpses I have collected.” The eight-hooved beast god was looking forward to the outcome of their fight. “Hahaha! A young chap who is a law master and is quite impressive. He must be one of the top-tiered elites in the army and must have been bestowed with a true god armor. I would never have expected to obtain my true god armor from a law master.”

Hong!

The eight-hooved beast true god did not attempt to escape. On the contrary, he charged forward like mad.

The gigantic blade figure and the huge beast were howling as they both tore through the surrounding purple vines to charge directly at one another.

Several true gods fighting on the faraway battlefield had already noticed that in the region on the edge of the battlefield, a blurry blade figure had appeared. They all recognized it the moment they laid eyes on it. It was none other than the extraordinary talent that had stolen the corpses away.

“It’s that law master.”

“It’s that super genius.”

“That law master had the guts to come here again? No matter how ingenious he was, he was only a law master.”

“That law master dared come again? No matter how gifted he is, he is only a law master.”

“Let’s catch this talent.”

“Kill him!”

Suddenly, there were true gods flying over.

They were all aware that when the army trained and honed talents, true gods of void space were not allowed to intervene. But true gods were allowed to act, so even if talents were annihilated by true gods, they only had themselves to blame for not being capable enough!

“For the group of true gods to fly here, they will need 29 seconds,” Luo Feng confirmed right away.

The true god level battlefield was boundless to begin with; the eight-hooved beast true god was wandering around the region by the edge of the battlefield while Luo Feng’s position was in more of a remote area. Even if the ultimate speed limit in the World of Jin was very high. To rush over to where the beast true god was, he most certainly required 29 seconds.

“29 seconds. Let’s finish it out!”

Luo Feng’s gaze was focused on the eight-hooved beast true god before him.

“Haha! He is one greedy law master to not consider his escape,” said the eight-hooved strange beast. “Given his ability to escape and dodge, I am definitely no match for its speed. But if he were to fight me upfront… I can finish him off as quickly as possible. It will be my claim to fame.”

The eight-hooved beast true god was going crazy with excitement, and his single eye was flashing colors filled with murderous intentions.

Hong!

Hong!

Two gigantic figures finally crossed paths. With a thunderous roar, the eight-hooved beast true god waved its front claw across the length of space it was in, then—

Bang!

Blades met. Luo Feng was swift as a tornado, avoiding the attack in a flash.

Dodging again! roared the eight-hooved beast true god in its heart. It lashed out a whipping blow with its incredibly fast tail, which seemed like a boneless, soft whip that was formed by connecting various knots. With a roar, it transformed into an arc that lashed out at Luo Feng. Yet, the moment Luo Feng—in the form of his blurry blade figure—touched the edge of the tail, he trampled on it and settled himself on the back of the eight-hooved beast true god.

It may have seemed as if everything was occurring very slowly, but when the two crossed paths, Luo Feng was on the back of the eight-hooved beast god almost immediately.

Hua!

Luo Feng finally brandished his Blood Ghost Blade!

Kill!

His blade rays were like water adrift with no fixed direction. In an instant, it sliced down at the long neck off the eight-hooved beast true god. However, the beast true god instantly twisted its head toward the back as it opened its bloodstained mouth, revealing fangs that immediately bit onto Luo Feng’s blade.

Hong!

The blade ray that was originally like water ripples exploded in an instant, producing a terrifying penetrating force. This was the greatest blade technique Luo Feng had created: Light of Water and Fire!

“Ah!” The penetrating force of the precious blade embryo, “Blood Ghost Blade” of the pulse of Duan Dong River, immediately caused the eight-hooved beast true god to cry out in shock and fear. Its single eye widened, filled with amazement and horror as it cried, “Impossible, impossible! After his godly power was set ablaze, how could it be stronger than mine? I am a true god, and he is only a law master!”

The beast true god was wrong. So, so wrong.

Indeed, an eight-hooved beast true god’s godly power was stronger than Luo Feng’s godly power by one full level. However, it had never joined the army, so it did not know the unique secret technique of blazing godly power. And Luo Feng had merely executed the first volume of “Extermination,” but it was more than enough to make up for the difference in godly power. The second volume of Extermination was the reason why Luo Feng could surpass this true god before him!

When it was about blazing godly power, Luo Feng was much more skilled!

Luo Feng was more powerful in the close-combat dodging techniques in the first place, so he was certainly much tougher and could easily dodge or ward off any attacks by the eight-hooved beast true god. Yet, on the other hand, in the face of Luo Feng’s attacks, the eight-hooved beast true god could only attempt to bear the weight of it all with its brute strength.

Kill! Kill! Kill!

Luo Feng was going mad. Sustaining the blazing level according to the second volume of Extermination, his godly power was depleting like crazy. Even if no other true gods had been quickly approaching from afar, he would not have been able to continue fighting in this manner for long. Everything needed to be fast! Fast! Fast!

Luo Feng’s entire soul seemed to have infused into the Blood Ghost Blade he wielded. Light of Water and Fire! Light of Water and Fire! Light of Water and Fire! Light of Water and Fire! Light of Water and Fire! Light of Water and Fire!

Blade rays like water carried a formidable power, and this power seemed to be faintly on the rise. Under the ultimate limit, Luo Feng’s comprehension of blade techniques was unexpectedly on the rise, and yet, at that very moment, he had not noticed it at all. All his focus was concentrated on the eight-hooved beast true god before him as he tried his best to kill it in the shortest time possible.

“No, no…” The eight-hooved beast true god was stunned.

Almost instantly, over 100 blade rays were raining down on it, hacking onto it successively, causing it to weaken at an insane rate. It was flustered. It was terrified. It longed to escape!

“No, no…”

The eight-hooved beast true god was no longer holding onto any traces of desire to kill Luo Feng. It didn’t care how this law master could wield such strong combat powers; it only wanted to escape and survive! However, before Luo Feng’s ominous close-combat techniques, even simply escaping was too much to ask for.

There was no escape!

“I’ll kill, kill, kill…!” Luo Feng was beyond insanity as a blurry, gigantic blade figure appeared. His entire being seemed to have merged as one with Blood Ghost Blade, and the blade rays were like ocean waves crashing down on the eight-hooved beast true god. With each passing second, hundreds and thousands of blade rays kept roaring away, annihilating everything in a frenzied manner.

This was a storm—a storm that would annihilate everything. There was no escape! There was no way it could be stopped! No chance of gaining an advantage over it!

Astonishment.

Not only was the eight-hooved beast true god being knocked senseless, but even the several dozen true gods who had discovered Luo Feng and were now flying over were stunned.

“How is it possible?”

“If he only had impressive skills in dodging, so be it. But how can it be that his attacks are also…?”

“Impossible!”

“How can he be so powerful? His blade must be an automaton-type treasure. It must be!”

They were all in denial, unable to accept the fact that in a one-on-one confrontation, a true god could be defeated by a law master. They could only accept one explanation… This law master must have used an automaton type treasure, and that blade was an automaton-type treasure!

Through the central operation of the automaton machine within it, the blade was able to release an outburst of combat power that far surpassed what a law master was supposedly capable of.

“This must be the case.”

On the faraway true god level battlefield, the captain, who had been silently lying low in ambush was in great shock as he watched everything happening with wide eyes.

Earlier on, when he saw Luo Feng charging out, he had shaken his head, albeit in a most discreet manner. He found this new recruit, Milky River, to be foolish and arrogant to attempt to belittle the power of a true god. After all, even a captain like himself, wielding an automaton-type treasure, might only have a small chance of killing that true god. But the time spent trying to do so would, in turn, cause him to be entrapped by the other true gods.

“He is going to die, for sure,” the captain had said.

At the time, he had been convicted. But right now—

“How—how could…?” The captain was flabbergasted. He was unable to fathom how a new recruit could be so powerful—powerful enough to suppress a true god! That was absolute suppression! Even if it was the most ordinary kind of true god, the outcome should not be far from the norm. “It must be an automaton-type treasure. Before he joined the army, he already had an automaton type treasure with him: his battle blade. That must be it. It must be. That blade must be the reason his power can soar by multiple levels. That is how he can completely suppress this beast true god.”

The brutal fighting was ongoing within the true god level battlefield. Over 1,000 true gods had noticed that, at the farthest region at the edge of the battlefield, there was another battle going on between an ordinary-level, eight-hooved beast true god from their side and a mere law master. The fact, placed right before their very eyes, was that the law master was attacking with such fervor that the true god was left with no room for retaliation.

“That blade must be an automaton-type treasure.”

“It must be.”

Almost every one of them was sure of this.

Blood Ghost Blade was a blade embryo; thus, it was extremely precious. However, it merely raised Luo Feng’s attacks by a single level—not as what everyone else had thought to be as a couple of levels. Luo Feng was powerful because of his close-combat techniques, his mastery of the first two volumes of Extermination, and his comprehension of Light of Water and Fire.

Streams of blade rays that resembled water ripples crashed into the eight-hooved beast true god like crazy. These blade rays were approaching a state of perfection. Under the influence of such endless blade rays, the eight-hooved beast true god was getting more and more helpless. It was no longer able to put up such a strong resistance.

“No—!”

Suddenly, the eight-hooved beast true god felt a sensation arising within his chest. This time around, it might really have to face annihilation.

“I am, rightfully, a true god!” The eight-hooved beast true god was roaring furiously in its mind.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

The endless blade rays enshrouded everything around them. The eight-hooved beast true god finally breathed its last breath as its life core disintegrated, and it was reduced to annihilation. Its armor and some other items speedily broke away from it, and Luo Feng quickly waved his arm to claim the armor. He also claimed the other items breaking apart from the annihilated true god.

Sou!

Luo Feng transformed into a streak of flowing light right away and escaped as far as he could. As for the area where the fighting took place, although earlier on, most of the purple vines had snapped and fallen onto the surface of the marsh. There was no longer a single trace of them to be found.

A true god was annihilated! The law master had won!

And more than 30 beast true god corpses were all his to take!

From the faraway true god level battlefield, a powerful beast true god with three sharp, golden horns, roared in rage, “After him! Get the corpses of my brothers of Nine Smoke Marsh by any means!”

Chapter 1362

“Catch him!”

“Seize him!”

All the strange beast true gods were furious. Even the true gods from Xuan Yu Mountain were shocked. For a law master to be able to kill a true god in such a short time was incredible. Fortunately for them, that law master had seized the true god bodies of Nine Smoke Marsh, so those from Xuan Yu Mountain didn’t need to worry.

Yet Nine Smoke Marsh was very anxious!

“The bodies of the brothers of Nine Smoke Marsh!” roared the strange beast with three golden horns. “More than 30 bodies. We must get them back. We must get them back!”

“Get them back!”

“Get them back!”

The strange beast true gods were yelling. After all, there were only a certain number of true gods in Nine Smoke Marsh, so they all knew each other well; some of the dead bodies might have belonged to very close friends. It was a great being’s destiny to die on the battlefield, but their bodies would still be buried appropriately after they died. However, more than 30 bodies had been seized—and seized by a law master. How could they let it go?

“Ba Ku La, go get that law master and get the bodies of our brothers back!” yelled a strange beast true god with three golden horns.

“I’ll catch him.”

Hong!

Streaks of light flew away, racing after Luo Feng. There were 50 of them in total.

Luo Feng kept changing directions in the grass in Nine Smoke Marsh. He slowed down, not wanting to cause any ripples. He was fleeing the true god battlefield, and because he was changing his direction, the 50 true gods didn’t go the right way.

“50 true gods are coming after me, and they are not some mediocre true gods. Most of them have true god level armor.”

Even though Luo Feng was confident, he still didn’t want to be surrounded by all 50 of those true gods. There were, after all, 50 of them. And besides, true gods in the World of Jin were, in general, more powerful than those in Universe Ocean. Godly power wasn’t suppressed in the World of Jin, so that made them two levels more powerful. Even that mediocre, eight-clawed strange beast true god had a technique at level eight, and if he utilized all his power, he might be at level nine. When he had been fighting Luo Feng, he was already injured, so he was only at top-tier level eight. He also didn’t have true god armor to protect him, so he had been killed by Luo Feng’s blades.

“If I get encircled by those 50 true gods, it will be worse than being encircled by f500 true gods in Universe Ocean. Even if I were Boat of Mausoleum, I still couldn’t guarantee that I could get away.”

Luo Feng had to be careful.

Sou!

He changed directions without warning and moved toward the periphery of Nine Smoke Marsh.

The fight between Nine Smoke Marsh and Xuan Yu Mountain involved too many great beings. More than 10,000 true gods were involved, and Nine Smoke Marsh had sent 50 true gods to capture Luo Feng. It didn’t affect the overall power of Nine Smoke Marsh.

On the periphery of the battlefield of true gods—

Sou!

The captain was retreating. “50 true gods are trying to capture the new soldier Milky Way. Don’t capture me instead.”

He was on the opposite side as Luo Feng, so he wasn’t in any danger whatsoever. It took him several days to get back to the battlefield of law masters. He decided to pretend to be a tribal warrior and disguised himself in the great army.

“That new soldier Milky Way is too powerful.” The captain was in the army, and he recalled how Luo Feng had killed a true god. “He’s too powerful. I need a machine-type valuable to be able to rival him. More than 30 bodies of true gods. That equates to a great many military credits. He can get a machine-type valuable with those. If I can get another machine-type valuable, I can survive even incarnation-level tasks. Then I can train myself in the military, become a true god, and get a more advanced inheritance.”

His gray eyes glinted with greed. He wanted those bodies!

“How can I get them?” The captain came up with an idea. He immediately sent a message to all the 17 soldiers using his token. “Everyone.”

“Captain.”

“Captain.”

“What do you want, captain?”

“Captain.”

They all responded.

The captain kept sending the message. “Several days ago, the eight-hooved strange beast true god who was responsible for collecting bodies was killed by another true god, and at that moment, that new soldier, Milky Way, suddenly appeared and seized the body! He then got away!”

“What?”

“He got the body of that eight-hooved strange beast true god?”

“That strange beast who collected bodies?”

All the soldiers were shocked.

The captain continued. “Yes. That strange beast true god. The new soldier Milky Way seized the body and the valuables left behind, including the valuable that holds all the bodies of true gods. That strange beast true god had collected more than 30 bodies of true gods before! Now, Milky Way has all of them!”

All the 17 soldiers were all excited. More than 30 bodies of true gods! That would equate to an enormous military credit!

“The true gods from Nine Smoke Marsh are furious, and 50 true gods are now trying to find Milky Way,” the captain continued. “They want to capture him.”

“I just saw it,” one soldier replied. “Lots of strange beast true gods. I was wondering why they would be flying in the sky without fighting.”

“I’ve seen them as well,” said another.

“I saw many strange beast true gods as well.”

“I saw many strange beast true gods yesterday as well.”

The captain said, “Those strange beast true gods are still flying everywhere. Apparently, they haven’t captured him. The entire Nine Smoke Marsh is blocked from the outside by true gods of void space, which means that Milky Way must be within Nine Smoke Marsh, yet those strange beast true gods can’t find him. There’s only one possibility. He’s hiding among the army of Xuan Yu Mountain.”

“That’s right.”

“That’s right, he must be hiding in the army of Xuan Yu Mountain. Xuan Yu Mountain is an enemy of Nine Smoke Marsh. He’s among an army of law masters… The strange beast true gods from Nine Smoke Marsh don’t dare to go the army of law masters.”

True gods were indeed powerful. However, when there were over 10,000 universe masters, even true gods didn’t dare to mess with them.

“Everyone,” said the captain. “Those strange beast true gods can’t enter the army of Xuan Yu Mountain, but we can. We now go and look for him, and once we find him, we’ll tell other soldiers. And we’ll gather and fight that new soldier Milky Way.”

“There’s no guarantee that we can kill that new soldier Milky Way.”

“The new soldier Milky Way is powerful!”

All the soldiers answered.

The captain said, “I know it will be very difficult to kill him, but he’s most afraid of being exposed now! If we can threaten him and force him to give us most of the true god bodies, he can still keep a few of them. If he dares not to give them to us, we’ll tell those strange beast true gods where he is, and he’ll be doomed.”

“That’s right. We can’t get enough military credits by ourselves. We might as well threaten him!”

“He will give it to us.”

“He has so many bodies of true gods, and I only need one.”

“We’ll force him to give us the bodies!”

The eyes of the captain glinted coldly. Everything was going exactly as he expected. He hadn’t even told them that it was the new soldier Milky Way who had killed the strange beast true god. The 17 soldiers under him were all cheerful and weren’t afraid of Luo Feng at all.

That new soldier Luo Feng is indeed powerful, but those soldiers all have true god armors, so it’s not an easy job to kill them, the captain thought. They know I might be using them, but for military credits, they’ll still give it their best shot. No matter what, I’ll have most of the true god bodies.

The captain’s eyes glinted all the more insanely. He had wanted to befriend Luo Feng before, but under the temptation of the military credits, he now opted for another path.

After all, the best thing that could guarantee his survival was power.

“I can’t find him.”

“That law master seems to have disappeared. We can’t find him.”

All the strange beasts were scattered around different battlefields, and they were looking for Luo Feng.

“He must have been hiding in the army of Xuan Yu Mountain, among those law masters.”

“He’s got to be.”

All those strange beast true gods all figured that out, yet they didn’t dare to mess around the law master army.

Both the strange beast soldiers and the captain speculated that Luo Feng was in the army of Xuan Yu Mountain.

And they had it right.

I’ll be found no matter where I hide, thought Luo Feng. However, if I hide here, the strange beast true gods won’t dare to enter even if they know I’m here.

The tribal warriors were all yelling in anger and fighting the strange beasts. Luo Feng was one of the tribal warriors.

There seemed to be no order. However, if a strange beast true god dared to rush into the army, the tribal warriors would attack him immediately. Also, if a tribal true god raced toward the strange beasts, the law master strange beasts would attack that tribal true god at the same time as well.

It was a hidden law! Law masters could fight each other fairly. However, when it came to true gods, they would join forces against the true god.

Lots of tribal warriors gather in Nine Smoke Marsh. Strange beast true gods know that I’m here, but they don’t dare to inspect it. After the war ends, I’ll leave Nine Smoke Marsh immediately.

Luo Feng spent the days here. One month after another passed.

Luo Feng had been in the tribal warrior army from Xuan Yu Mountain for three months. With his power, it was easy for him to survive in the army. Just when Luo Feng was enjoying his time, waiting for the day when he could leave.

“Kill the bastards from Nine Smoke Marsh!” Luo Feng’s body was enormous, and his messy hair made him look like a savage. He was roaring right along with other tribal warriors. But suddenly, he slowed down.

“Huh?” Luo Feng glanced around.

A tribal warrior looked toward him.

The tribal warrior smirked and moved his lips. He didn’t make a sound, but Luo Feng knew what he was saying: “Milky Way.”

It’s a soldier under the captain, Luo Feng realized immediately.

Chapter 1363

That red-faced warrior walked toward Luo Feng. Then, with a grin, he said, “Milky Way, you think after changing your look, with that messy hair, we wouldn’t be able to recognize you? No matter how hard you try to change your looks, your godly power and aura remain unchanged. So long as you get a little nearer to us, we will be able to recognize you right away.”

Luo Feng’s gaze swept through the surroundings. “There must be more than one of you.”

“Captain and the rest have arrived,” the red-faced warrior replied via voice transmission. “They are scattered all over the place. Your power. All of us witnessed it for ourselves from the edge of the true god level battlefield. Being able to escape so easily even though you are pitted against several true gods… I honestly wouldn’t have the confidence to handle you single-handedly.”

Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua!

A distance away, over ten figures were approaching from the chaotic Xuan Yu Mountain’s army. Luo Feng’s sweeping gaze recognized one of the figures as the captain with a gigantic curved horn. The others were the batch of warriors under his command. One by one, those warriors communicated with him via voice transmission.

“New recruit, Milky Way, you are much more powerful than we expected.”

“Your powers are indeed quite impressive.”

“We are willing to accept you, for you to be one of us.”

Even the captain was looking at Luo Feng, and he said, “New recruit, Milky Way!”

“Captain.” Luo Feng looked at the captain who had looked down on him when he had just entered the Python River Army as a new recruit. At that moment, this same captain was all smiles and appeared to be so winsome.

“Previously, we did not accept you because, normally, new recruits are weak. But your power has earned our recognition.” The captain said this in a most straightforward manner. “All you have to do is contribute those true god corpses and share them with us. From then on, within our little troop, all the warriors will be fully convinced of your loyalty. I will also willingly give up my position as captain… and you will take over!”

“Yes, we are willing to recognize you as our captain and serve you.”

“So long as Milky Way is willing to lend us a helping hand, give us a chance for survival!”

“Milky Way!”

One after another, the warriors all looked longingly at Luo Feng. Even the captain wore the same expression, as though he really was selflessly willing to dedicate the position of captain.

Luo Feng’s gaze swept across the warriors before him again as he asked, “For real?”

“Of course. This is nothing but the truth.”

“We will make you our captain right away,” the warriors said, speaking as though they were all of one mind.

Luo Feng smiled instead. But his smile reflected his indifference as he replied, “It’s just that, whether you all live or die… What does that have to do with me?”

Instantly, the warriors all stood frozen on the spot when they heard this shocking question.

“I thought none of you were bothered about the survival of new recruits?” Luo Feng said with a sneer. “And now, we are talking about friendship in times of war?”

He had long seen through all this. What captain? What friendship? What jokes! The cruel, brutal army selection process had caused numerous warriors to be annihilated, and the more experienced warriors were used to seeing such annihilations. All they wanted was to become true gods for themselves. Who cared about this pointless position of captain?

These warriors remained under the captain’s command only because he was strong and powerful. If it were for survival, they would most likely have abandoned him right away.

18 warriors, including the captain, all wore unpleasant expressions. They had not expected Luo Feng to be so detached from the situation.

“Milky Way!” The curved-horned captain transmitted his words with great anger. “There are now 50 true gods out there seeking to capture you. They have also guessed that you must be among one of the large groups of law masters of Xuan Yu Mountain. The battlefields of law masters are scattered all over, and there are quite a few under the watchful eyes of true gods hiding in the distance while sweeping the battlefields to find you. Not far from us, in the sky high above, there is already one such true god spying on you here.”

Luo Feng raised his head to look up into the distant sky.

“I know,” Luo Feng replied. “But it is too far away. It won’t be able to recognize me.”

“But we can inform it,” the curved-horned captain said. “All we need to do is make eye contact with it. Right away, it will notice this area. We just have to twitch our lips, and from the shapes of our mouths, it will know what we are trying to tell it.”

“Oh?” Luo Feng laughed.

“The moment you are discovered,” said the captain, “that true god only needs to give a single command, and right away, a multitude of law masters from Nine Smoke Marsh will surround you. By then, you will have no way to escape at all.” He stared at Luo Feng. “You are going to be annihilated! Choose! You can choose to hand over the majority of the true god corpses and bring some back safely to the military camp, or you can get nothing and die here!”

“Make your choice,” the warriors spoke up, also staring at Luo Feng.

“Milky Way, this time around, we have very slim hopes of surviving the mission. If you force our hand, we can all die together.”

“If we have to die, we will take you along with us.”

Luo Feng shook his head. “Then you can all die. I will take these 35 true god corpses back to the military camp.” With that, he turned around while roaring, “Kill those bastards from Nine Smoke Marsh!”

He immediately transformed into flowing light and charged off into the distance.

The 18 warriors, including the captain, were shocked. They had not expected up until now that this new recruit, Milky Way, could be so fearless. Could it be that he truly thought he could escape when under the siege of an entire group of top figures from Nine Smoke Marsh?

Although they were shocked, they were extremely fast in reacting! Even as Luo Feng was on the move, the 18 of them also set off.

“You want us dead, new recruit, then you shall die, too!”

“Loathsome Milky Way!”

“You deserve to die.”

“You are the one who forced us.”

Some of the warriors wore fearsome expressions with their eyes filled with madness as they charged at Luo Feng.

At that moment, Luo Feng, who was continuing to fly at high speed, only responded with a cold smile.

Hong! Hong!

The second volume of Extermination was fully executed! The speed attained was wicked—so fast that it quickly shook off the warriors.

“You think you can keep up with me?” Luo Feng could not be bothered with them at all.

Among the numerous warriors who were after him, the curved-horned captain was the fastest. “Milky Way, don’t you dare think of escaping!” he shouted.

The captain had initially thought that this new recruit would be worried about his situation. He had assumed that he could use this as an excuse to coerce Milky Way into handing over some of the corpses. Yet reality greatly differed from his expectations. This new recruit, Milky Way, had no intention of escaping at all.

The other warriors had not seen Luo Feng going crazy before, but the curved-horned captain had witnessed his previous actions. He knew that if this new recruit was to truly get all fired up… the other warriors would not be able to handle him at all.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Behind the captain, a gigantic pair of black wings appeared behind the captain. On the edges of these black wings were numerous black ribbons.

Hua!

The gigantic black wings had as many as a few hundred black ribbons, and it sped across the length of space to enshroud the area ahead; no matter how fast Luo Feng was, he could not match the speed of this weapon.

Luo Feng’s surroundings suddenly darkened. Looking back, he saw huge black ribbons that resembled numerous huge snakes moving quickly to enshroud the surroundings.

“Scram!” Luo Feng shouted.

He held two hammers. Because he had spent time among the many Xuan Yu Mountain law masters under a disguised identity, and he did not want that faraway beast true god who had been snooping around the battlefields to discover his identity, he had purposely chosen a pair of hammers to use as his battle weapon.

Hua!

The two hammers each made an arc. With the energy of his godly power burning up fervently, the might of the two hammers was astonishing. When they swept through the surroundings, the black ribbons were thrown back a little. Unfortunately, such a slight delay was enough time for many black ribbons to form a huge black sphere, which quickly moved over to enshroud him entirely.

“What great resilience. Such incredible power.” Luo Feng could feel the power of the ribbons through his hammers and could not hold back his shock. “This captain did not execute any secret technique at all. The power of these black ribbons that appear to enshroud the surroundings is so strong. This does not make sense.”

Strong powers usually involved secret techniques. Yet the ribbons’ enshrouding force alone was incredibly strong.

“Could it be an automaton-type treasure?” Luo Feng quickly inferred a conclusion based on what he had seen. “I must break through it with my Blood Ghost Blade. If I hope to break through it, I need to execute my strongest blade technique. However, if I were to continue in this entanglement, I don’t know how much time I will be wasting. I’m just worried that toward the end, I will be discovered by that beast true god.”

The captain and his new recruit, Milky Way, exchanged moves instantly. Although the other tribal warriors around them had doubts about the reasons why these two were engaged in battle, they held back their doubts. After all, from the sidelines, the attacks that captain was executing merely seemed as though he was trying to restrain with a spiritual force weapon. The onlooker had their doubts. Even if there were past enmities, how could they be fighting at such a time? Could it be because of some victory spoils?

“Captain, your Black Cloud Wings are impressive.”

“Black Cloud Wings fly so quickly and has such great restraining powers. It is extremely adept in protecting itself, it is the absolute treasure to own for escape and survival.”

The other warriors were filled with envy.

At that moment—

Hong!

The many black ribbons shrouding the black sphere suddenly took off into the distance at a terrifying speed. A bump unexpectedly appeared on the black sphere. It was as though, there was a monster hidden within the sphere formed by the black ribbons, which was flying at a high rate of speed and forcibly pulling the black sphere along with it as it rocketed through the sky.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Numerous black ribbons gradually tore apart to reveal an ancient battleship, and there seemed to be countless black ribbons entangled over the surface of the ancient battleship. These black ribbons kept the ancient battleship under layers of restraint, but the ancient battleship was still traveling at a speed that was continuously soaring as though it was not affected whatsoever.

It was flying at such a super high speed! And the speed was continuously soaring!

“What?” the captain roared, losing his cool. “Such a strong flying power!”

Through his Black Cloud Wings, Captain tried his best to manipulate the ancient battleship. But the ship was far too strong; it simply could not be shaken. On the contrary, the captain was tugged along to fly at an extremely high rate of speed in the distance.

“Captain,” said a voice. “I thought you wanted to bring me to see a true god? Let’s go meet him, then.”

The ancient battleship pulled the captain along with it as it zoomed high up into the sky. How powerful the driving force of Boat of Mausoleum was! If it released an outburst, would this universe master be able to block it?

Hu!

The battleship was extremely fast, and it was charging into the sky far and high above. In the outermost area of the sky above the battlefield, there was a winding and hovering beast true god.

“Stop, stop!” the captain shouted angrily. “Are you courting doom?”

“Haha…!” said a voice. “Let’s go see the true god and see which one of us is going to die.”

The ancient battleship was still advancing rapidly in the direction of the beast true god.

The captain was extremely flustered. He knew. He had stolen a true god corpse, too! Although the group of true gods from Nine Smoke Marsh were eager to apprehend Luo Feng. Luo Feng had kept himself hidden within that battleship; not a single breath could be detected from the outside. Most likely, that beast true god would not be able to verify Luo Feng’s identity. On the contrary, it would first confirm that the captain was the first to have stolen a true god corpse. Then, they would certainly not give him a chance to escape!

“You are so vicious!” The captain was very angry, but he had no choice but to give up. The black ribbons that were pestering the ancient ship rapidly released their grip as the captain quickly detached himself from the ancient battleship. “You have an automaton-type blade, and even an automaton-type battleship? The driving force of a battleship is very powerful. Even my automaton-type Black Cloud Wings are unable to stay within my reins.”

The captain hovered in midair as he looked helplessly at that ancient battleship speeding off into the distance amidst the grasslands of the marsh. He was filled with reluctance. “I didn’t know you had an automaton-type battleship!” he said. “That was why you were able to escape!” He added through gritted teeth, “You escaped once before, but I don’t think you will be able to escape again.”

A short while later, amidst the Nine Smoke Marsh army that consisted of a few thousand beast warriors, a multitude of beasts were roaring and yelling. Then they charged toward Xuan Yu Mountain.

“Kill! We will kill you all bastards of Xuan Yu Mountain!” roared Golden Horned Beast, who resembled a huge lizard with wings.

From the army of Nine Smoke Marsh, it took off and charged at Xuan Yu Mountain.

Chapter 1364

Golden Horned Beast was with the law masters from Nine Smoke Marsh. Golden Horned Beast and the humans were from different races, so they had different auras. Even true gods weren’t able to tell that Golden Horned Beast was actually Luo Feng. Besides, creatures in the World of Jin didn’t have multiple bodies, so nobody would consider such a possibility.

Up in the sky of Nine Smoke Marsh, six true gods of void space from Xuan Yu Mountain and Nine Smoke Marsh looked down.

“That was how he got away!”

“That soldier is carrying a law master strange beast. Then neither his teammates nor the 50 true gods who went to look for him can find him.”

“He must be able to leave Nine Smoke Marsh.”

All the true gods of void space sighed.

Nine Smoke also looked down and sighed. “He has two machine type valuables. That boat must be a true-god-level machine-type valuable, but it has great power, so it must be at the top tier. He’s only a law master, so he shouldn’t have been able to get such a machine-type valuable. It seems that those in the army think highly of him.”

The six true gods of void space knew everything that was happening down there. However, they hadn’t expected that this talented soldier and the golden horned beast were actually two bodies of the same great being.

True gods of void space controlled the entire battlefield, so he knew about everything. However, they wouldn’t and didn’t dare to meddle. Nobody dared to provoke the hidden rules in the World of Jin!

Months passed, and the war was coming to an end.

“How can you not find him?” The captain was very upset in the army of tribal warriors of Xuan Yu Mountain. “Though Nine Smoke Marsh is enormous, there are only a few battlefields where the law masters gather. That new soldier Milky Way didn’t have anywhere to run. How could you not find him?”

The soldiers replied using their communications tokens.

“Captain, we really can’t find him.”

“We’ve searched everywhere.”

“We can’t find him.”

The soldiers didn’t know, but the captain had seen Luo Feng kill that strange beast true god. He knew the great potential this new soldier possessed. He planned to make friends with Luo Feng, but he chose to make attacks. He wanted military credits. He could live with failing last time, as he hadn’t expected this new soldier, Luo Feng, to have a machine type spaceship. However, it had been six months, yet they still couldn’t find him.

“Impossible! Go find him unless you want to die! He’s our only hope to finish the task.” The captain was anxious. “I can’t believe it. I need to tell the other two teams.”

The captain sent a message to all the soldiers. “Yu Luo, Ku Fa, I’m going to tell you something now… Several months ago, a true god from Nine Smoke Marsh who was responsible for collecting the dead bodies of true gods died. His body was snatched by the new soldier, and that new soldier now has more than 30 bodies of true gods. He was hiding in Nine Smoke Marsh.”

Other than Luo Feng, all the other warriors received the message and made astonished replies!

“What?”

“Impossible!”

“That new soldier got over 30 bodies of true gods?”

“How did he survive it?”

“You can believe or not believe it,” said the captain. “I’ve chased him for a long time, but he’s really good at hiding.” The captain didn’t want to say too much more. He believed that under the threat of the army, the other soldiers would also look for him, so it was a great chance.

Humph! the captain thought. Yu Luo? Ku Fa? They don’t stand a chance against Milky Way. The best they can do is to help me find him.

He didn’t even think about Yu Luo and Ku Fa.

The strange beast and the soldiers were in Nine Smoke Marsh.

Yu Luo transmitted his voice. “We’ve only got around 20,000 weapons and armors, so we can only guarantee that two will finish the task. It seems that the battles between Xuan Yu Mountain and Nine Smoke Marsh are getting less tense, so it might end shortly. We have to determine whether or not Luo Feng actually has the bodies of true gods.”

“Inspect it!”

“Go look for the new soldier, Milky Way.”

The eyes of those strange beast soldiers gleamed crazily. The insanity stemmed from a fear of death.

The soldiers of Ku Fa were with Xuan Yu Mountain.

“We’ve only got a little over 30,000 weapons and armors, but this is far from enough. Without the war, we can’t even hope to get 1,000 more weapons and armors. We need to look for the new soldier, Milky Way.”

Ku Fa was humble and gentle, but when it came to the threat of death, he would still grasp at the last chance.

Wu He received the message from the captain.

“Over 30 bodies of true gods? Milky Way?”

Wu He was shocked. He found it hard to believe. He didn’t want to believe it!

“I’ve been collecting military credits for a long time, and I still have a long way to go until I reach 10,000 credits. How did he get so many bodies of true gods?”

Wu He didn’t want to believe it, but, based on the message sent by the captain, he felt that it might be true. Otherwise, the captain wouldn’t have made up such a ridiculous piece of news.

Regret! Wu He deeply regretted his decision!

“If I had chosen to stay with him, I could have gotten at least five or six bodies from the 30 he had.”

All the soldiers who were sent to Nine Smoke Marsh were looking for the new soldier Milky Way, but they couldn’t find him anywhere. It seemed he had already left Nine Smoke Marsh.

Everyone’s looking for me?

Golden Horned Beast Luo Feng was in the strange beast army. He’d seen some soldiers in the distance, and he had even seen Wu He twice!

Do everything you can. You won’t be able to find me.

Golden Horned Beast Luo Feng occupied the swamp, and half his body was in the water. The war had been going on for a long time, and both sides had suffered tremendous losses. Naturally, neither side had restrained themselves and didn’t want to continue fighting anymore. Lots of strange beasts and tribal warriors had chosen to retreat.

Finally, a soldier contacted him. “Milky Way! Milky Way, it’s me. Wu He.”

Golden Horned Beast Luo Feng smirked. “Oh, Wu He?” he replied. “Have you gained enough military credits?”

“No, it’s very difficult to get 10,000 military credits,” Wu He replied. “Milky Way, I just received word that the captain, Ku Fa, and Yu Luo, and the soldiers under them are looking for you. They want to get the true god bodies from you. They’re excluding me because they think I am with you.”

“Really?” Luo Feng answered.

“Milky Way, we went into Python River Army together, and we’re both new soldiers. I have lots of military credits to make up for. I just want one true god body. I’m willing to exchange it for valuables. I’m willing to give you a true god armor.”

Wu He was anxious. In his mind, both he and Luo Feng were new soldiers, so it should be easy for him to get a true god body for his true god armor.

“Exchange?” said Luo Feng. “In Nine Smoke Marsh?”

Wu He understood that Milky Way wouldn’t want anyone to know where he was, so he wasn’t willing to conduct the trade here.

Wu He transmitted his voice. “Let’s go back to the camp first. We can do it in the camp.”

Smart guy, Luo Feng thought.

Wu He had been collecting weapons and armor for a long time, and he was the child of North True Ocean. He might actually have some good stuff.

“You need to give me enough valuables,” said Luo Feng. “Otherwise, there will be no deal.”

“Sure,” Wu He said, relieved. He had been afraid that Milky Way would case talking to him.

Luo Feng already had a plan. He decided to see how many valuables he could get from 10,000 military credits. Then he would ask Wu He to give him more! It was only 10,000 military credits to him, but it was a life-saving opportunity for Wu He. If the military wanted to kill him, not even his father North True Master dared to stop it.

A few days after Wu He contacted Luo Feng, Ku Fa also contacted him. Ku Fa, however, didn’t have enough valuables, so the negotiations soured.

“Do you think me a moron?” said Luo Feng. “A trade outside the military camp? Haha… Then die!”

With that, Luo Feng stopped talking to him. He was being charitable. They could only live if he gave them the bodies. If they dared to try to negotiate terms with him, they would die!

The war lasted for a year.

True gods of void space showed up one by one, and the army of Xuan Yu Mountain retreated.

Hong!

The Nine Smoke Marsh returned to normal.

“Let’s go!”

The army from Xuan Yu Mountain started to leave. Some of the soldiers who pretended to be tribal warriors hid at the periphery of Nine Smoke Marsh.

“We still haven’t got enough military credits.”

Ku Fa, Yu Luo and the captain watched the army leaving. Without the war, they wouldn’t have the chance to scavenge weapons. Now, it would be difficult for them.

The strange beast soldiers led by Yu Luo all grew ferocious. “Seize them! The captain and Ku Fa must have lots of military credits. We’ll seize those! Then we can have a chance to survive.”

“Let’s go seize some military credits!” Ku Fa bellowed as well.

“This is our only chance to survive,” the captain said to the soldiers following him.

All the soldiers chose to fight for military credits. Only the stronger ones could survive and get enough military credits! And if the three teams left separately, there was bound to be internal fighting within the squads.

At the periphery of Nine Smoke Marsh, a golden horned beast was talking to three strange beast law masters. These were the friends Golden Horned Beast Luo Feng had made during the war. They then left.

“Time to get back to the camp.”

Golden Horned Beast Luo Feng looked back at the endless Nine Smoke Marsh surrounded by mist. He didn’t give a damn about the demise of those soldiers from Python River Army. He carried a great many military credits!

Sou!

The golden horned beast disappeared.

Chapter 1365 - The Order of

Purple Moon Ancestor

After leaving Nine Smoke Marsh, Luo Feng rushed to the East Army military camp. Other than him, there was also Wu He, who had secretly left Nine Smoke Marsh.

Out of the three troops of warriors led by the captain, Ku Fa, and Yu Luo—who were all designated with a mission and were still within the Nine Smoke Marsh region—only the captain had managed to obtain a true god corpse. The other warriors, including Ku Fa and Yu Luo, had not managed to gather enough military credits. They were all brainstorming possible solutions.

Should they kill amongst one another? Should they continue to hunt? Or wait to reap benefits while the others’ did the job? They were all certainly going to do their best, but it was also fated that a single disaster-level mission would cause many of them to be annihilated.

“Finally, I have arrived.”

Hong!

A lone figure appeared midair. That figure was none other than Luo Feng.

Looking far off into the distance, Luo Feng could see the vast, boundless military camp. He revealed a trace of a smile as he bowed his head to look down at everything beneath. He could also see the long queue of tribal warriors and beasts who had come to join the army.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew into the military camp.

Just as Luo Feng entered the East Army military camp, many wormholes on the peripheral region of the East Army military camp, within a contorted space, were transporting great beings.

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

With almost every single moment that passed, warriors continued flying out from the various wormholes.

“Let’s go. The mission this time around is considered easy. We can finish it quickly, and then we can have another era worth of free time.”

“Let’s go.”

“Aye. Our next mission will be at the reincarnation-level. Who knows how many from our troop will be able to survive? I hope this time, we can earn more military credits. Then we can exchange them for a few more treasures from the military point. Then hopefully, we can pull through the reincarnation-level mission.”

Batch after batch of warriors, ranging from relaxed to stern to worried state, all left.

The East Army was simply too big. With every passing moment, there were warriors leaving. And among those warriors leaving in a continuous stream, one warrior, who seemed to be an ordinary law master, stood on one of the branches of an aged yet sturdy tree in the distance.

“I am here on the orders of Ancestor. Upon being accepted into the army, I might have been assigned with missions, but I have never gone about executing any of them… Here I am instead, just waiting. I have been here for so long, yet I have never laid eyes on that Milky Way Horde Leader, not even once.”

The silver-armored warrior was very worried, yet, at the same time, he maintained a watchful eye.

“Milky Way Horde Leader is very impressive, but so what if he is that impressive? Even if he did transcend reincarnation, he merely contributed another holy land to our Universe Ocean. To us of the Purple Moon Holy Land, he is no threat at all.” The silver-armored warrior could not make sense of this situation. “Once a holy land is established, it will be an eternal existence. My Purple Moon Holy Land universe is not afraid of any great beings, so I simply cannot understand why Ancestor holds this Milky Way Horde Leader in such high regard. Even all the way here in this World of Jin… he still gave orders for us to look into his whereabouts.”

The silver-armored warrior sighed inwardly. He simply did not understand. He was filled with doubts, but this was Ancestor’s order; he did not dare defy it.

The vast Universe Ocean was mysterious and unfathomable.

In one of the two holy land universes, Purple Moon Holy Land, Purple Moon Ancestor was growing angry and dissatisfied.

“Have you discovered Luo Feng’s whereabouts yet?”

Two nervous figures knelt before him with great reverence. “Ancestor, previously, we watched the Boat of Mausoleum entering the World of Jin, so we followed it in. Based on his point of entry, if he wanted to make it to an army, it would be an 80 to 90 percent chance that he would end up at East Army! So after I joined the East Army, I have been watching the exits of the numerous wormholes, and indeed, I have yet to discover Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“We have certainly not discovered traces of him, Ancestor. Could it be that Milky Way Horde Leader has yet to join the army?”

The two universe masters remained on their knees.

“He has the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River. Even if he is in the World of Jin, he is able to break away of anything easily, so much so that he is making a name for himself.” Purple Moon Ancestor looked down towards the two universe masters and said coldly, “Not only do the two of you need to keep a close watch at the exit of the wormholes, but you also need to frequently inquire about him. The moment he gains a reputation, you will be able to find out more about him easily.”

“Understood.”

“Understood.”

The two universe masters answered with great reverence.

“Ancestor, we… Our troop’s mission…?” The double-faced universe master with four arms could not help asking.

“The two of you shall rotate,” Purple Moon Ancestor instructed with great indifference. “While one keeps watch and patrol, the other will go out to complete its troop’s mission. When the mission is completed, return to the military camp to continue searching and investigating. The other team shall go out to complete their mission. This time around, very few of our Purple Moon Holy Land have entered the World of Jin. Until the next era, there will be quite a handful of universe masters going over. By that time, you both will have a much easier time.”

“Understood.”

The two universe masters were also earnestly praying for the next era to arrive.

“Get moving, then.” Purple Moon Ancestor dismissed them with a wave.

The two universe masters took their leave in a most respectful manner.

Purple Moon Ancestor’s face was blurred. Only a pair of eyes was visible. The gaze carried only a trace of feminine grace while the most of it was filled with endless murderous intent. “I had thought that it was impossible to kill you. Yet, who knows? The World of Jin has come into existence! In the World of Jin… the number who can kill you, Luo Feng, is just too many! Luo Feng, don’t blame me. You can only blame yourself for receiving that inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River.”

In the virtual universe, at the peak of Thunder Island, Luo Feng met with Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Luo Feng.”

“Teacher.”

Teacher and disciple sat apart from one another.

“I just completed a disaster-level mission and have gained quite a substantial amount of military credits,” Luo Feng said. “Completing this mission means that for quite a long period of time, I will be safe. I will try my best to uncover the mysteries of the entire World of Jin as soon as possible!”

“Hmm. You are the first of our human race to enter.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Your responsibility is the greatest. Now, throughout the entire Universe Ocean—whether within the primal universe, another reincarnation era, the two great holy land universes, or other words—great beings from all over have their sights on the World of Jin. After all, the first batch to enter will be able to get hold of first-hand information and understand more about the World of Jin, which is simply too alluring.”

Luo Feng nodded. This was to be expected. In the Universe Ocean, various great beings yearned to transcend reincarnation, and also, they yearned to get hold of a supreme true treasure.

However, in the World of Jin, there were many true gods of void spaces! Obviously, there would be a cultivation method that could allow a true god to achieve a complete breakthrough to attain the level of a true god of void space. This so-called supreme true treasure was actually the standard armor of a true god, and there was simply too many of them. Even various magical automaton-type treasures existed.

The opportunity to transcend reincarnation, find supreme true treasures, and gain automaton-type treasures was too alluring. All the powerful groups in Universe Ocean lost interest in the three most dangerous lands instantly. Everyone was extremely excited as they set their sights longingly on the World of Jin. The only catch was that the chance to enter only happened once every era.

“Previously, the willpower of the primal universe origin came looking for me through Ancestral God.” Luo Feng smiled. “Apparently, it is better for me to stay put here for the time being. The longer, the better. I will make use of this advantage of being in the World of Jin. Besides… this time, I have earned quite a bit of military credits. I may be able to bring some supreme true treasures with me when I return. After one era has passed, when I get out of here, I will send some of these supreme true treasures back.”

Primal Chaos City Leader was delighted upon hearing such news.

The World of Jin was the most important battlefield! Various groups of top powers would fight for it. Yet the human territory within the primal universe represented the roots of the human race! Only by expanding their territory could human talents multiply in numbers, and there could be continuity in the outburst of great beings being born. In this way, the human race could reach the level of the other two holy land universes or even surpass them.

“Teacher, I will head for the military point first,” Luo Feng said. “At the military point, I can trade military credits for inheritance and obtain various treasures. I believe I should be able to catch a glimpse of the more profound secrets of the World of Jin. When I have gained a better understanding of the military point, I will share the information with you.”

“Get going,” Primal Chaos City Leader replied right away. “But remember, don’t take risks. The World of Jin is much more dangerous than our Universe Ocean.”

Luo Feng nodded. He might have been roaming and wandering about the World of Jin, but he maintained frequent contact and had regular conversations with his teacher. He was constantly aware of the various happenings in Universe Ocean. Right now, Universe Ocean could be said to be calm and tranquil. Obviously, various parties were eyeing the World of Jin!

East Army military camp, Python River Army camp.

Luo Feng and Wu He arrived at the military camp at almost the same time.

“Milky Way, Milky Way.” Wu He went scuttling over to Luo Feng, following from behind. The wings attached to its neck flapped continuously as it said, “I have readied the treasure. You can give me one in exchange now.”

“You have prepared it?” Luo Feng looked at him jeeringly. “There is no rush at all. I will go to the military point first. When I get back from the military point, we shall have a good talk.”

Wu He was somewhere reluctant. If Luo Feng were to go to the military point, it would mean he would understand the value of certain treasures, and it also meant that Luo Feng would mercilessly oppress him. But no matter how reluctant Wu He was, he did not dare to argue with Luo Feng. All he could do was move his hideous-looking face and smile.

“Yes, yes,” he said. “When Milky Way is back from the military point, then we’ll talk. Milky Way, don’t forget to keep one for me!”

He was most worried that this new recruit, Milky Way, would trade all those true god corpses for military credits. That would truly deal him a devastating blow. It would be the same as sentencing him to death.

Luo Feng nodded. “Don’t worry.”

Sou!

Luo Feng left the camp right away, feeling overjoyed as he headed toward the military point at the main hall.

Python River Army’s lake camp was quite a distance from the main hall, but Luo Feng seemed to be enjoying the scenery as he went along. He was in a good mood, so he strolled to the military point at the main hall.

“The military point!” Luo Feng raised his head to look at the towering, ancient main hall.

“According to the rules, before accepting and after completing a mission, I would be qualified to trade for treasures in the military point. But if I turn up here without completing the mission… then I cannot enter.”

Luo Feng softly recalled the military rules, then made his way through the doors of that broad and towering hall. The moment he walked through the main doors, there was a sudden change in time and space. It was as though he had stepped into another world.

Luo Feng was taken aback. “What secret technique is this?”

Before him was a vast world—a world that was boundless—and there were many warriors scattered all over the place. Before each of them was a golden figure.

“Compared to the virtual universe, this is much more magical…!” Luo Feng secretly exclaimed.

Sou!

A golden figure appeared out of nowhere to land before Luo Feng. Luo Feng took a close look at the golden figure before him, yet he simply could not see its face clearly. The figure was completely enveloped in golden light.

“Warrior of Python River Army, you are on a mission.” The golden figure looked at Luo Feng. “You are not allowed to trade for any items at military points.”

“My mission is accomplished,” said Luo Feng.

With a single wave, Luo Feng revealed the serpentine corpse of a huge beast true god by his side. It was a gigantic corpse close to one million kilometers long. The corpse appeared so suddenly that even the warriors afar were in for a shock. Ironically, within this military point, almost all the warriors were law masters.

Chapter 1366 - Eternal True

God

A true god body that was almost a million kilometers long fell on the ground, and the ground trembled. The tail of the body touched a soldier near it. Those soldiers all turned around. When they saw the body of that strange beast true god, they all exclaimed.

Weng!

The eyes of the golden being shot golden light, covering the body of the strange beast true god. He then nodded. “This is indeed a true god from Nine Smoke Marsh. The task is finished. 10,000 military credits awarded.”

Luo Feng was startled. It could tell that the body was from Nine Smoke Marsh with a simple inspection? It seemed that the military indeed had astounding control over the World of Jin.

“Name your requirement!” The golden being looked at Luo Feng. “You can exchange these 10,000 military points for weapons, machines, inheritance, and anything else on the list. If you have other valuables, you can also give them to the military and get military credits. Here is the list.”

A giant light screen appeared in front of Luo Feng after the golden being stopped speaking. There was a detailed list on the screen, and Luo Feng skimmed through it.

“I want the basic information about those above true gods,” said Luo Feng.

“Basic information?” said the golden being. “There are only three pieces of material about the basic information. Based on the detail and level of secrecy, they require military credits equal to 100, 500, and 3,000, respectively.”

Luo Feng was shocked. It was only basic information—not even a training guide—yet it required so many military credits. The military credits gained from a catastrophe-level task was only 10,000. It was easy for him to get one or even two supreme true treasures from Wu He with one true god body, possibly more. He indeed wanted to know more.

“I want the highest class,” said Luo Feng.

“3,000 military credits spent!” said the golden being. “Soldier from Python River Army, you still have 7,000 military credits left, and you can only read the secret information here.”

Hua!

A multitude of text appeared on the screen in front of Luo Feng. Only he could read the words; no others could see it, and neither could he see trades made by other soldiers.

“Here…?” Luo Feng whispered and started to read.

The text was tiny, and the screen was enormous. There were 100 million words on each light screen.

Based on the basic information, there were under-undying, undying fighters, law masters (universe knights), law masters (universe masters), true gods, true gods of void space, and eternal true gods.

When a life form was born in the World of Jin, they were all at the under-undying level. Generally, everyone who grew to adulthood could become undying, and some talents could become undying after they were born.

Undying fighters, law knights, and law masters were all godly body life forms! Their energies and life imprints were merged into one! When the godly power was consumed, the life imprint was consumed as well. (Some races had souls, while some life forms, such as rock beings, had other cores. All of them had life imprints.)

The more the life imprint was consumed, the more the power would tumble. 50 percent of the godly body consumed would decrease someone’s power by 90 percent! That was the flaw of a godly body life form.

Once someone became a true god, they would return to the origin like a baby, returning to their real lives. Flesh and blood type life forms would still be flesh and blood, and metal life forms would still be metal. For example, flesh and blood type life forms couldn’t contain life imprints in their blood and bones. Like domain lords and sector lords, their souls and bodies were separated. However, after becoming a true god, they would become a flesh and blood type of life form again. Their soul and body would be separated again!

The energies of true gods were bodies. Each inch of the body could burn and would become enormous fighting energies. The soul of a true god was hidden in a “heart of true god.”

True gods, true gods of void space, and eternal true gods all had a heart of true god, which was actually a mysterious space inside the bodies of true gods. Inside that mysterious space was the soul of a true god, and the mysterious space also connected the miniature universe outside. No matter how far a true god was from their miniature universe, they could transfer the energies in their miniature universe to their heart of true god.

There were three ways to kill a true god. One: completely destroy the body of a true god, thus destroying the mysterious space, and the true god would die. Two: use soul attacks to kill the soul of a true god, and the true god would die. The third and most the common method was to attack a true gods using power beyond their defense. Then the strong shock waves would keep damaging the mysterious space (the heart of true god). Once the heart crumbled, true gods would naturally die, just as an ordinary wearing armor would be killed if hit by a hammer on his chest, as the shock waves would crush his soul.

The same rule applied. The more powerful the bodies were, the less their hearts of true god would be weakened! If the body could resist all the attacks, the hearts of true god would be perfectly fine.

Flesh and blood life forms, rock life forms, and plant life forms… This rule applied to all of them. Once someone became a true god, his body and soul would be separated. No matter how much energy a true god burned, it wouldn’t affect his power, as the godly power didn’t involve souls.

True gods had miniature universes, and they were transformed from god countries, not created by true gods. Then true gods needed to comprehend the birth and operation of the universe until they could control a void space!

One thought, and a void space was formed! This was the ability of a true god of void space!

True gods of void space would keep improving in power, comprehending more, until one day when they would reach a limit on comprehending the evolution of the entire universe. Then he could even create a miniature universe with one thought.

One thought, and a universe was formed! This was the ability of an eternal true god!

Miniature universes formed in this method were different than the miniature universe created by Luo Feng’s inherited technique, “I Am the Universe.” The miniature universe created by that technique was far too simple, yet the miniature universes created by eternal true gods were battlefields, as eternal true gods couldn’t create universes that were too large.

One thought, and an area of 10,000 square light years would fall into a miniature universe! The eternal true god was the master of that miniature universe!

Other than being tiny, miniature universes were exactly like normal universes. They were so powerful that eternal true gods could easily suppress true gods of void space.

True gods, true gods of void space, and eternal true gods. It was a process of comprehension of the evolution of the universe until one could create a miniature universe with one thought.

There were four eternal true gods in the World of Jin. They were the four generals from the four armies! They managed the World of Jin, and they were superior. If a true god of void space made a breakthrough and became an eternal true god, he could leave World of Jin and fight for His Majesty the Godly King!

Other soldiers needed to be summoned by His Majesty the Godly King to go out. However, eternal true gods could go out by themselves!

“Go out by themselves?” Luo Feng exclaimed. “If that Godly King is still alive, then his eternal true gods can go out and fight for them. However, that giant, human-shaped creature was lying in Universe Ocean, so the Godly King might have died already.”

“His Majesty the Godly King has died, and according to the original mind, no life forms in the World of Jin can survive outside.”

“Even if a peerless talent is born and becomes an eternal true god, he might die instantly after leaving the World of Jin.”

Luo Feng sighed and kept reading.

True gods of void space were the overlords of an area in the World of Jin. Eternal true gods were absolutely supreme beings, and they were great officials of His Majesty the Godly King.

However, there were still differences among true gods, true gods of void space, and eternal true gods.

When someone became a true god, his god country would turn into a miniature universe, and the structure of the miniature universe was very important. The diameter of a true god’s miniature universe was 100 million light years. However, after becoming a true god of void space, there would be differences. Because of the structure of the miniature universe, some would have a diameter of 1.8 billion light years. Some would have 2.5 billion light years, and some would have 5 billion light years.

The smallest miniature universe of a true god of void space had a diameter of 1 billion light years while the largest was ten billion light years.

“Oh?” Luo Feng was surprised. “The two holy lands. Purple Moon Holy Land has a diameter of 2.1 billion light years while Eastern Emperor Holy Land has one of 3.2 billion light years.”

Based on those dimensions, both Eastern Emperor Ancestor and Purple Moon Ancestor were true gods of void space!

“I’ll keep reading.”

Miniature universes were the foundation. They could absorb the energies outside and transform them into godly power without life imprint. Every time a great being made a breakthrough—either from true gods to true gods of void space or from true gods of void space to eternal true gods—they would only make a breakthrough when their miniature universes transformed also.

That was why, when great beings died, miniature universes would crumble.

If a miniature universe was destroyed, the great being could still live and absorb the energies outside, but they wouldn’t be able to make any breakthroughs anymore, no matter how deep their comprehension was. Miniature universes, however, were very stable and they were difficult to destroy.

Only the limit-level great beings among true gods of void space could destroy miniature universes of true gods! Only the limit-level beings of eternal true gods could destroy miniature universes of true gods of void space. And nobody was able to destroy the miniature universes of eternal true gods.

However, all the miniature universes of the great beings in the World of Jin were arranged in the center of the World of Jin by His Majesty the Godly King, so no great beings were able to get there.

Chapter 1367 - Wu Qi God

There were three main levels of progression: true god, then true god of void space, and finally, eternal true god. To advance from one level to the next, the difficulty level continuously increased by leaps and bounds! The number of eternal true gods in the World of Jin said it all.

Strictly speaking, there were two ways to become a true god. They were the “godly power route” and the “law route.” Between the two, the law route was most common. But if one chose the godly power route, the process would be much more difficult. And once one was successful in choosing the godly power route, the life genes at each level would be divided accordingly. There would be a total of three levels, and anyone who was able to attain the third level—90,000 times life gene level—would be regarded as a legend!

In other words, going by the godly power route, one’s life genes would have to reach 90,000 times to become a true god! The difficulty level was very high. But going by the godly power route, one could become a true god that was comparable to an eternal true god! Any true god who was able to achieve 90,000 times life gene level could easily become a true god of void space! Moving forward, becoming an eternal true god would no longer be that difficult.

Luo Feng finished looking through everything at one go, but toward the end, he could not help frowning.

The godly power route was so difficult! It required life genes to be multiplied by 90,000 times. It was almost unimaginably difficult. “Before this reincarnation era ends, will I be able to achieve 90,000 times of my life genes?” Luo Feng was not confident of achieving this himself. “No matter what, I have got to try my best. Before this reincarnation era ends, if even I cannot reach 90,000 times life gene level, then regardless of my life gene level at that point, I will achieve a breakthrough to become a true god right.”

After Luo Feng finished looking through everything, he said, “I want to look at some inheritances.”

“You may,” the golden figure replied instantly. “This is the list of the various inheritances.”

Hua!

The screen changed. All the text disappeared. In their place was a gigantic, detailed list of inheritances. The list was divided into refined treasures, automaton treasures, close-combat treasures, and various other categories.

“5,000 military credits, 10,000 military credits, and 100,000 military credits? Tsk, tsk! This one that is worth 10,000 military credits—why must any interested warrior be from a ‘special troop’ in order to be allowed to trade for it?”

Looking down the list, Luo Feng was shocked to learn that these inheritances were, indeed, very expensive and required many military credits as payment. There were even some special inheritances that normal warriors would not be able to trade for, even if they could pay the price.

“So expensive… Huh? The second stage of the blazing godly power secret technique that a law master will be able to execute costs a million military credits?”

Luo Feng was dumbfounded. He had not expected the World of Jin to possess such a superior blazing godly power secret technique; it was comparable to the first two volumes of Extermination.

After going through the list of numerous inheritances, Luo Feng lamented the tremendous amount of military credits required.

“I want to take a look at weapons like armors,” Luo Feng said.

“You may,” the golden figure responded.

The list on the screen changed again. After every name on the screen, there was a pattern design for each weapon or piece of armor, along with the military credits required and also the power of the respective armors.

Luo Feng scanned through the list in one glance.

“True god level armors cost roughly 10,000 military credits. True god level weapons, on the other hand, vary in price. Weapons at the lower end of the spectrum cost 2,000 military credits, while weapons at the higher end cost as much as a million military credits. As for true god level battleships, the cheapest costs 50,000 military credits.”

Luo Feng looked through every item on the list. Apparently, palace type supreme true treasures were the priciest; next in line were soul type supreme true treasures, which required at least 30,000 military credits, followed by domain type, armor type, and, last but not least, attack type.

Of course, every category featured something unique. The most expensive attack type treasure cost a whopping one million military credits. The most expensive palace type treasure also required one million military credits.

“I have over 300,000 military credits, which means I can trade for a decent amount of supreme true treasures.” Luo Feng secretly heaved a sigh of relief. The prices of supreme true treasures were not overly high.

Just reading about the inheritances, seeing the weapon armor, and looking at some travel notes about the World of Jin took him a full day. Yet the golden figure before Luo Feng showed no trace of impatience.

Luo Feng’s eyes gradually lit up as he said solemnly, “I want to look at automaton type treasures!”

Coming to the World of Jin, he had three major goals. The first was to gather enough true god corpses as materials to help him become a true god. The second goal was to probe into the secrets of the World of Jin, and the third was to find a suitable and powerful automaton type treasure.

He had Shi Wu Wings and the Boat of Mausoleum. One was for additional assistance while the other was for flight during an escape. Now, what he required was a treasure as a main attack weapon in battle!

“This is the list.” The screen before the golden figure changed again.

The list on the screen contained very few choices. Only a few dozen choices remained on the list like lonely souls, and yet, all these were true god level automaton treasures. Obviously, those automaton-type supreme true treasures that were of higher levels were not shown at all. Luo Feng supposed that was because his power was still not enough.

“86 kinds?” Luo Feng looked through carefully.

There were so few kinds left on the screen. For every kind shown on the screen, there were matching pictures and simple introductions.

“Black Cloud Wings!” Luo Feng’s gaze quickly fell upon one of the automaton-type treasures.

Black Cloud Wings: True god level automaton (Ordinary). 150,000 military credits required for exchange. (Python River Army warriors allowed to own this power.)

Strength: Skilled in escaping, extremely high defense ability, skillful in restraining and entrapping enemies.

Weakness: Attack power on the weaker side.

Earlier on, in Nine Smoke Marsh, the captain had used this Black Cloud Wings to deal with Luo Feng. The restraining power was indeed powerful to the extent of being scary. Luo Feng supposed that if he had not used Boat of Mausoleum and had instead chosen to use Blood Ghost Blade, he would most likely have to execute Extermination if he wanted to break free of the restraining power of Black Cloud Wings and make his escape.

“And this is only a true god level automaton treasure of ordinary standard?” Luo Feng was amazed.

At first glance: 100,000 military credits, 100,000 military credits, 120,000 military credits, 120,000 military credits, 130,000 thousand military credits… 150,000 military credits… 300,000 military credits… one million military credits… three million military credits…

Further down the list, the prices of different automaton type treasures increased by leaps and bounds. The increase was soaring at a staggering rate. Even true god level weapons could reach a price of one million military credits, not to mention automaton-type treasures.

“Regardless of how good the treasure is, if I cannot afford it, what more can I do?”

Luo Feng was not so overly ambitious as to look right to the most expensive treasure. Instead, he contemplated the list of automaton-type treasures that fell within the range of 300,000 military credits to 350,000 military credits.

Very soon, he locked down his target. It was a huge blade that required two hands for a firm grip. It was extremely intimidating, yet beautiful.

Misty Blade: True God Level automaton (Ordinary). 320,000 military credits required for exchange. (Python River Army warriors allowed to own this power.)

Strength: Upon transformation of godly power via the inner core of Misty Blade, an extremely strong attack power will be produced.

Weakness: Consumption of godly power is extremely high.

“I need something with strong attack power, and besides, my main weapon is the blade.” Luo Feng was a little tempted as he continued to look at it. “It is only a true god level automaton. Before reincarnation, it will be more than enough for me. The moment I transcend reincarnation, this blade will obviously lose some importance. By that time, it would also be good if it is left for my human race. It’s just that… its functions kind of coincides with that of Blood Ghost Blade.”

Luo Feng continued reading on. One by one, he looked down the list. The further down the list of automaton type treasures he got, the more unique and precious they became. Luo Feng even came across an automaton battleship that was comparable to his Boat of Mausoleum, and an automaton battleship which had a self-initiated attack ability.

“The last piece.”

Luo Feng held his breath. The last one was the most expensive true god level automaton. It was named “Wu Qi God.”

Wu Qi God: True God Level automaton (unique item). This item was personally created by His Majesty the Godly King. There is only one. 30 million military credits required for exchange. Only true gods or law masters who have been sealed with a title have the authority to trade for it. Reminder: Python River Army warriors are not allowed the rights to trade for this.

Strengths: 1. Extremely strong defense. His Majesty the Godly King chose precious and rare materials to make and further refine this Wu Qi God. Even eternal true gods could not damage it. 2. Extremely strong attack force. Possesses incomparably strong attack power. 3. Extremely fast in dodging. Wu Qi God’s body structured determined its extreme agility.

Weakness: Extremely strong power requires an alarming amount of godly power. Godly bodies of ordinary true gods will be consumed to nothingness in the blink of an eye.

Gentle reminder: Since its creation by the noble Godly King, there has been no great being qualified to trade for Wu Qi God with military credits. Its power has merely been speculated and has not been tested. However, for the noble Godly King to stoop to the level of creating a true god level automaton type treasure, it must be powerful. Also, any creation by the hands of His Majesty the Godly King could never be of inferior quality. The conditions of exchange were personally determined by His Majesty the Godly King.

(Wu Qi God was an automaton treasure that resembled the form of a monkey with a streamlined body and an agile tail. Just by looking at the picture, one could feel how dynamic Wu Qi God was and how fast its speed of movement must be.)

“Wu Qi God?” Luo Feng felt the temptation stirring within his heart.

To Luo Feng, who had a very deep understanding of the ancient civilization, he was clearly aware of the value of Wu Qi God. It represented the ultimate perfection of a single-body type treasure! Shi Wu Wings also belonged to this category of single-body type treasures. Only one great being could control it, and it would mainly focus on its role in the form of assistance. On the other hand, Wu Qi God could be regarded as perfection; minus the weakness of consuming godly power too quickly, it was perfect in all other ways.

30 million military credits! Luo Feng bellowed in his heart. Where am I going to find such an exorbitant amount of military credits? And… even if I did have 30 million military credits, I am not qualified to buy it. I must be a true god or law master who has received a seal to have the authority to trade for it. And ever since its creation by His Majesty the Godly King, no one has managed to trade for it.

Luo Feng shook his head and lamented. The World of Jin had a far-reaching history. His Majesty the Godly King had disappeared a long, long time ago. From this, it could be speculated that the creation of Wu Qi God would certainly have happened a long time ago. The World of Jin had such a systematic selection process for choosing great beings, and yet none had ever managed to conquer Wu Qi God and claim it. This showed how difficult the process was.

“Receiving a seal?” Luo Feng frowned, mumbling to himself. “What does it mean by receiving a seal? I must be a true god or law master who has received a seal before qualifying to trade? A sealed great being seems to be someone with a much higher position than a warrior from a special troop.” He looked at the golden figure in front of him. “I would like to know more information related to receiving a seal.”

“500 military credits required,” the golden figure said.

“This requires 500 military credits?” Although he was reluctant, Luo Feng was clearly in no position to bargain. “All right.” He could only nod.

Hua!

The screen before him changed into a detailed, written introduction.

Being given a seal meant that a great being was outstanding to the point of perfection. And upon reaching this level of perfection, one would be qualified enough to be “sealed” by being given a “Jin” name, representing the utmost glory! Every great being that had been bestowed with a seal held on an extremely high position. In the World of Jin, the only great beings who had been bestowed with a seal were the four major generals, who had total supremacy over all the true gods of void space.

“Sealed with a ‘Jin’ character?” Luo Feng was taken aback.

The previous Duan Dong River had been sealed with a “Wu” character! Jin…? Wu…? His Majesty the Godly King?

Luo Feng nodded discreetly as he continued watching.

The requirements for receiving a seal were very stringent. Of course, the moment one became a prominent eternal true god, he would be rewarded with a seal right away! As for true gods of void space, the number who could possibly be rewarded with seals was, instead, only one in a million! As for true gods? In the long ages since the day of Wu Qi God’s creation, in the whole World of Jin, not a single true god had been sealed.

Chapter 1368 - Sealed

After Wu Qi God was created by His Majesty the Godly King, no true gods were able to be sealed. As for law masters, nobody ever got close to being sealed.

Once someone became a sealed great being, his status would be greatly changed.

First of all, he would be close to the four generals. Also, he would receive a great many benefits, like Wu Qi God, which were invaluable. However, it was almost impossible. The requirement was so strict that it stopped countless talented great beings in World of Jin, yet lots of talents from all the armies would desire to get sealed.

“Huh?” Luo Feng read all the material and frowned.

“Trying to get sealed… How can that be?” Luo Feng looked at the golden being in front of him and said, “Are there any tasks that can help me get sealed?”

The golden being said coldly, “Yes.”

“What tasks?” asked Luo Feng.

He wanted to try. He was very confident. After all, he was an inheritor of Duan Dong River.

“Soldier from Python River Army, you’re a law master,” said the golden being. “There are only two ways for you to be sealed.”

Luo Feng listened carefully.

“The first way,” said the golden being. “You need to satisfy two conditions. As long as you satisfy these two conditions, you’ll be sealed. The first condition is that you need to follow the godly power path to become a true god, and your life gene level needs to reach 90,000 times. When you’re done, don’t become a true god first. Let the four generals test it. Second, there are 10,081 games in the basic game of Rhinoceros Emperor Game. If you can solve all of them, you’ll meet the conditions. If you can meet both the conditions, you’ll be sealed immediately. Besides, you’ll have lots of privileges. Your status will be higher than all the ordinary sealed great beings, and you’ll be equivalent to four generals.”

Luo Feng was dazed. It was insane.

“This is too…” Luo Feng didn’t know what to say. “Who made these conditions?” Luo Feng couldn’t help asking.

“The great His Majesty the Godly King,” said the golden being.

It was crazy. Godly power path… 90,000 times life gene level… Even in the ancient civilization, that was very difficult—not to mention in the World of Jin, where all the valuables were controlled by the army. The soldiers couldn’t get the incredible opportunities, yet they still needed to reach a life gene level of 90,000 times…

He was following the path, so that condition was still acceptable. However, 10,081 games of Rhinoceros Emperor Game in a row? Was His Majesty the Godly King insane?

Though there wasn’t any time limit, it was madness to expect a law master to solve all 10,081 games. None of the inheritors of Duan Dong River could do that when they were law masters. Such a peerless talent might become the new Godly King in the future.

Both conditions are insane, Luo Feng thought. If someone can satisfy both conditions, it’ll be easy for them to become eternal true gods, and they’ll have the brightest future and will stand among the top beings of the entire ancient civilization. Insane! His Majesty the Godly King really thinks the true god level machine Wu Qi God is that incredible.

Luo Feng shook his head. There were many powers in the ancient civilization, and Jin was only one of them. Once that kind of peerless genius was found, all the powers would try to seize him.

“There are two paths, right?” Luo Feng asked, looking at the golden being. “What about the second path?”

“The great Godly King knew that the first path was too difficult,” said the golden being. “So he left the second path so that all law masters can apply for sealing tasks. When the task begins, they’ll know the requirements. They’ll be required to complete a task, and once they complete it, they’ll be sealed.”

Sealing task? Luo Feng thought.

For every era, there would be a military task, and it was the only task. If he wanted to take another task, he needed to wait until the next era!

“What’s the death rate of the sealing task?” asked Luo Feng.

“For every era, there will be soldiers applying for the sealing tasks,” said the golden being coldly. “Lots of soldiers from all the armies will participate in the sealing task, and the death rate is around 90 percent. Only 10 percent can live, and nobody has managed to complete the sealing task.”

Luo Feng gasped. In the endless era, nobody had been able to finish the task! 90 percent of the participants died, while only 10 percent of them managed to survive. Of course, they had failed the task as well.

“What’s the task about?” Luo Feng couldn’t help asking.

“Soldier from Python River Army, as long as you apply for the task, you’ll know when the next task period arrives,” said the golden being. “By the way, train yourself well before taking on that task. Go through some incarnation-level tasks first.”

Luo Feng nodded.

The giant lake was tranquil. A strange beast floated in the sky, and his wings were shaking. He looked into the distance anxiously. He was waiting for someone.

Wu He floated in the sky and kept whispering to himself. “Why hasn’t he come? He just went to one arms spot. He should be here. Don’t turn all the true god bodies into military credits. Milky Way, my life depends on you. I have lots of valuables, and if you want me to give you valuables, I’ll give them to you…”

Wu He was worried.

Suddenly, his eyes gleamed. A being appeared, teleported, and arrived in the area.

“Milky Way, Milky Way.” Wu He’s wings shook, and he flew toward him.

Luo Feng took a look and smiled. “No need to rush it. Let’s go down first.”

“Okay, okay,” said Wu He.

Luo Feng dove and arrived on the island down there, followed by Wu He.

Wu He looked around. “This island is so well-designed. Everything’s so simple and natural, yet there’s something special. I won’t be able to do that. Only you can. Even my father can’t do such a good job as you.”

“This was designed by the soldiers who lived here before.” Luo Feng waved his hands, and a stone chair flew toward him and landed in front of him. Luo Feng sat down and said, “I’m lazy, so I didn’t change anything.”

Wu He was dazed, then said, “That’s right. You’re right, Milky Way. We need to focus on improving our power. Power is all that matters.”

Luo Feng looked at Wu He and said, “Stop flattering me. You’re really bad at it.”

Wu He felt awkward. He was the child of Northern True Ocean, so he didn’t need to flatter anyone; he wasn’t very experienced.

“I’ve kept your share.” Luo Feng looked at Wu He. “Don’t you worry about that.”

Wu He relieved.

“But you need to show your sincerity,” said Luo Feng. “Show me your valuables.”

Wu He said, “Just wait and see, Milky Way.”

Hua!

An armor covered with green scales showed up on the ground. “This is a true god armor I brought, and it’s better than the armor from Python River Army.”

He took a look at Luo Feng, but Luo Feng didn’t seem to care. Wu He wasn’t surprised. He knew that it was impossible to exchange a true god body with a true god armor.

“This is a true god ship I brought from Northern True Ocean.” Wu He took out the real deal.

Sou!

An ancient golden ship landed on the ground. Luo Feng took a look at the ship, then looked away again.

Wu He grew anxious. “This… This ship is a true god level ship.” Luo Feng didn’t seem to be interested.

Actually, Luo Feng was quite pleased. Just as I expected, he thought. He’s a child of Northern True Ocean master, so it’s normal for him to take a supreme true treasure palace out to flee, but I can’t just let him go. He might have something better. This spaceship is worth at least 50,000 military credits! This is a good deal.

“I, I…’ Wu He got anxious. “These are all the weapons and armors of law masters I gathered in Nine Smoke Marsh. They’re all here.” Wu He took out a bracelet on his claw.

Luo Feng took a look and still didn’t seem to care.

Wu He grew even more anxious. “Are these enough, Milky Way?” He looked at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng took a look. He was still a ferocious strange beast. His face was covered with scales, and he still looked fierce. Yet his eyes appeared weak.

“No,” Luo Feng whispered.

Luo Feng didn’t care. He didn’t believe that Wu He would only take these valuables out, particularly coming from Northern True Ocean. The master of Northern True Ocean was strict and had only allowed Wu He to bring this many out. He could still ask Wu He to go back to Northern True Ocean to get more valuables.

There was still a long time until the deadline. Wu He could totally go back to Northern True Ocean and come back. Northern True Ocean was enormous, so Luo Feng needed to make the best use of it.

“Milky Way.” Wu He clenched his teeth and stared at Luo Feng. “I did bring a valuable out when I came here. I can give you that valuable, but I will need my ship back.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. It seemed that Wu He had something more precious than the ship.

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed as he gazed at Wu He. “Bring it out.”

Chapter 1369 - Luo Feng’s

Automaton Type Treasure

Wu He was being watched by Luo Feng. Left with no other alternative, Wu He, through gritted teeth, finally had to reveal the most important treasure he had brought along with him when he joined the army this time around. And Luo Feng, who saw the treasure appearing on the piece of empty land, immediately showed his great pleasure.

A moment later, the deal was completed.

“Milky Way, I shall not further impose on you.” Upon obtaining a true god corpse, Wu He left without further ado.

“Yes, yes.” Luo Feng nodded and smiled, maintaining a friendly disposition.

Wu He transformed into a streak of flowing light and, with one teleportation, departed.

Luo Feng could not resist shaking his head as he sighed. “He is truly worthy to be a child of the master of Northern True Ocean. Quite extraordinary, indeed. This deal is definitely worth it!”

The deal this time around had cost Luo Feng one true god corpse. As for Wu He, the price he had paid consisted of a true god level armor, a large quantity of law master weapon armors, and… an automaton-type treasure!

This automaton-type treasure was named “Seven Searing Flying Armor,” and it was pretty average in most aspects. However, it was most skillful in survival and escape, as it was very adept at changing directions and dodging. To have traded for it at the military point would have cost 120,000 military credits. On the other hand, if one wanted to trade it in at the military point in exchange for military credits, the treasure would only earn 100,000 military credits. This showed how corrupt the military point was.

100,000 military credits was enough to turn a hopeless situation into an advantage. Thus, one could stay alive. Furthermore, it was impossible to gain military credits if one had not completed the assigned mission. In fact, by gaining the true god corpse from Luo Feng, Wu He had not only managed to stay alive but had also gained 10,000 military credits.

Wu He had been quite careless in his considerations. Originally, he had thought that by bringing various treasures along with him, he could weather a disaster-level mission no matter what. Yet, when the mission had begun, he had been stupefied.

First, it was the great melee, where he had merely managed to accumulate a partial amount of military credits. Then, after the series of melees…

Wu He was aware that when the final battle between Xuan Yu Mountain and Nine Smoke Marsh came to an end, both parties would be extremely vigilant. The idea of closing in on a few thousand law masters and killing them all by the edge of Nine Smoke Region was a pipe dream. As for the three other troops headed by the captain, Ku Fa, and Yu Luo, every troop had managed to obtain at least a portion of weapons and armor. But Wu He was alone. With the other three troops moved about in groups, the moment he got involved with them, he was bound to be eliminated.

The most terrible thing was that before he completed his mission, there was no way he could trade for anything at the military point. Therefore, he was unable to use Seven Searing Flying Armor to trade for military credits.

His only recourse had been to turn to Luo Feng for help.

After the deal with Wu He, Luo Feng still had over 30 true god corpses in his possession, so he was in no hurry to get to the military point to purchase treasures. Meanwhile, the warriors from one troop were continuously trying to establish contact with Luo Feng’s transmission token.

“Milky Way, please! Help me just this once. I will never, ever forget your kindness. I am willing to give you all the other treasures I have with me to trade for one true god body.”

“Milky Way, so long as you are willing to help me, from this moment on, I will only listen to your command. If you ask me to kill Captain, I will charge out and kill him without hesitation.”

“Milky Way…”

They had not given up trying to get Luo Feng to spare them a true god corpse. At the moment, Luo Feng was in the military camp, and everyone could forget about trying to kill him. Instead, they had to keep their heads bowed obediently if they wanted to strike a deal with him.

Luo Feng’s reply was curt and straightforward. “I only have one condition,” he said. “Use a treasure that is worth 100,000 military credits to exchange for one beast true god corpse. If you do not have any treasures worth 100,000 military credits… then I can’t be bothered about whether you live or die!”

Previously, these warriors had been indifferent to Luo Feng’s survival. Why should he concern himself with their fate, now?

Of course, if they could offer a treasure that was worth 100,000 military credits, it was still worth considering whether or not he should deal with them. He was, after all, here to fight for the future of his race.

Luo Feng was filled with greed, yet these warriors were wallowing in poverty. There was no way poor soldiers would own treasures worth 100,000 military credits. The captain would certainly have such treasures, but he had already managed to seize a true god corpse. That was why Luo Feng spent his time cultivating and waiting. But after one full year, not a single deal had been successful.

“Milky Way, you’re too greedy.”

“Luo Feng, you really don’t deserve to live.”

“Loathsome…!”

Unable to get what they wanted, the soldiers were furious to the extent of hatred. But Luo Feng wasn’t bothered in the slightest.

“As if I care whether you all die or not!” he jeered.

It was the third year after Luo Feng finished his military mission, and once again, he was at the military point to exchange the Seven Searing Flying Armor and the other 33 true god corpses for military credits. Then he began trading for treasures.

He mainly spent it on an automaton type treasure “Golden Claw God,” which used up 400,000 military credits! The remaining military credits were used to purchase a domain type supreme true treasure (true god level), which cost him 30,000 military credits. Golden Claw God!

Luo Feng stood in a big hall within a gigantic stone house on his own island. The hall was empty except for a golden sculpture that stood erected. Luo Feng was looking very carefully at this golden sculpture.

“Golden Claw God?” Luo Feng said softly. “A single-body type automaton treasure. It can be considered to be in the same category as that most mysterious Wu Qi God. However, it has much lesser power.”

This so-called less power was a matter of relative comparison with Wu Qi God.

After all, this was an automaton type treasure that he had spent 400,000 military credits on. It surely must have been more powerful than Black Cloud Wings and the few others.

“Defense, attack, speed… strong in every aspect.” Luo Feng nodded slightly. “It is complete.”

Being strong in every aspect meant that it might not be invincible in all aspects, but it did not have any shortcomings.

Deep in his heart, Luo Feng was eyeing up Wu Qi God. That was why he got a simplified version of Wu Qi God: Golden Claw God. In his heart, he was inclined toward such automaton-type treasures without shortcomings. Previously, he had not had enough military credits. After giving up Seven Searing Flying Armor, he had finally accumulated enough military credits.

“Let’s try using it.” With a move of intention, the golden sculpture flew swiftly to land on Luo Feng’s body.

Hua!

Golden light began flowing in an instant. It enshrouded Luo Feng in his entirety. Right away, he transformed into a lofty, golden monster wearing a mask. This golden monster took the form of a human, had a pair of claws in place of hands, and also a pair of claws for legs. Its head was triangular, and it exuded a wild, fearsome aura. Because he was wearing Golden Claw God, it had forced his Python River Army’s standard armor into a temporary retreat. The two would never be able to coexist.

Luo Feng felt as though he had transformed into a supreme true treasure armor.

“Blazing godly power!” Luo Feng made a move in his mind.

Hong!

Blazing godly power rapidly integrated into the golden claw god armor, and powerful energy coursed through every secret engraving found in this Golden Claw God. Yet the result was… uncontrollable! Apparently, the internal secret engravings were much more difficult; Luo Feng could only stop his godly power from blazing further so that he could first comprehend these secret engravings carefully.

Given Luo Feng’s level of secret technique, he had to study for more than three days to finally comprehend how to control this entire Golden Claw God. Very quickly, a great amount of blazing godly power was infused into Golden Claw God, which then coursed through the countless lines of secret engravings. The precise union of godly power and secret engravings finally gathered at several points of the entire Golden Claw God armor—namely, one point on the back, two points on the shoulders, and two points on the knees. There was a total of five main centers.

Energy conversion!

Si! Si!

Golden filaments of tenacious energy were speedily transmitted to every inch of the entire Golden Claw God. The golden energy and Golden Claw God were so compatible that there was a sudden outburst of energy.

“Just as I thought,” said Luo Feng, delighted. “This is definitely something quite extraordinary. Simply one conversion, and the energy is increased by two levels. My ninth-tier attack, if executed with Golden Claw God… Will it become an eleventh-tier attack?”

Luo Feng felt how truly impressive this automaton-type true treasure was.

“With this treasure…! I was already standing at the peak of Universe Ocean. With this Golden Claw God from the ancient civilization, who within Universe Ocean can be my match?”

Luo Feng was extremely satisfied. In terms of combat power, he was now even stronger than Teacher Origin had been back when he was at Luo Feng’s current level. Of course, this was possible for him for two reasons. One, Teacher Origin had not known of the secret technique of blazing godly power, and two, Teacher Origin had not had an automaton type treasure.

With the influx of various powers from Universe Ocean entering the World of Jin, the combat power of the entire Universe of Ocean would also increase in its entirety. However, only warriors from special troops were qualified to trade for automaton-type treasures, and the amount of military credits required was costly. Within a short period of time, various groups of powers from Universe Ocean who had intentions to trade for automaton-type treasures would face great difficulties.

After obtaining Golden Claw God, Luo Feng put great effort into studying it—even to the extent of specially wearing Golden Claw God in the space of inheritance within the Boat of Mausoleum for cultivation.

Time and again, cultivation had caused Luo Feng to sigh. His emotions were running high. No wonder the ancient civilization had records that expressed great compliments for automaton-type treasures. Other than the beings that stood at the peak of the ancient civilization, ordinary great beings would also be able to make use of automaton-type treasures to release outbursts of power that far surpassed their own. A complete Golden Claw God could enable the power to soar by two levels.

“This is only for single-body automatons. For those in groups, with thousands of true gods up to millions of true gods controlling the automaton type treasure…” Luo Feng sighed.

Large-scale wars were like that. When millions of true gods were controlling a single automaton-type treasure, they would dare to go after an eternal true god!

Time passed.

It was the 5,600th year since Luo Feng first arrived at the World of Jin, and Wu He had secretly gone to Luo Feng’s island.

“Milky Way, Milky Way! Did you know? Captain and the others are back.” Wu He seemed to be gloating over their misfortune.

“Oh?” Luo Feng was surprised. Half an era had passed. He had almost forgotten about the captain and the other troops. “How are they?”

“How else can they be? Of course, they are in a mess.” Wu He’s hideous head was swaying about. “More than half of all their troops were killed. Even Yu Luo has died! Ku Fa made it back alive, though.”

“Yu Luo is dead?” Luo Feng was shocked. Yu Luo was a leader in that troop; it should not have been difficult for him to accumulate enough military credits.

“Who knows? I heard the battle was very intense,” Wu He lamented. “From the start, this might have been a disaster-level mission, but it should not have been severe enough to claim so many lives! I also heard that Captain had been way too vicious, forcing Ku Fa and Yu Luo to finally enter a state of frenzy. Yu Luo died, and Ku Fa barely survived. And in the meantime, Captain seems to have gained quite a lot.”

Those experienced warriors had suffered a severe loss this time, but Luo Feng and Wu He—the two new recruits—showed no traces of sympathy.

Of the warriors who had made it back alive, some bore hatred for Luo Feng. There were even some who would curse and swear angrily when they flew across Luo Feng’s lake island. They only acknowledged him in regards to his impressive ability to move and dodge. They did not fear him, but if they were to see how Luo Feng killed true gods, they would likely not have dared to disregard him anymore. A pity. Only the captain had managed to personally witness such a situation, but he would never publicize such a matter.

Of course, there were some who hated Luo Feng and also some who simply could not be bothered with him. But there was also a final portion that would take the initiative to get acquainted with Luo Feng.

“Let there be an uproar then. I am just a passing traveler. I just hope that before I leave the World of Jin, all of you are still alive.” Luo Feng was not concerned about these warriors at all; during this quiet period, he had gone to the military point to apply for a mission to receive a title.

Receiving a title was dangerous, yet there was a 10 percent chance of survival at the very least. Luo Feng self-assessed that he was absolutely within the top 1,000 of the most top-notch elite warriors, so his chances of surviving were high enough. Furthermore, he had the ability to divide his body. This mission to receive a title… Why not give it a shot?

Time flew by. In the blink of an eye, an era had passed since Luo Feng first stepped into the World of Jin. Time flew by just like that.

Chapter 1370 - The Second

Era

The massive humanoid life form still lay within Universe Ocean. On the other hand, great beings from various groups of top powers from Universe Ocean, who had stayed low and kept the peace for almost an entire era, had already arrived.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

One after another, streams of flowing lights in an array of colors cut across the void space. Then they all flew through the lips of the humanoid life form and right into its body.

Amidst the void space of the miniature universe, World of Jin, numerous palace type true treasures were suspended. They belonged to various groups of powers that came from the three reincarnation eras and the two great holy lands of Universe Ocean. In terms of what the first era was about, it could be seen as merely sending troops in to probe and explore. And this time around, it would be the very first large-scale entry.

The numerous palace true treasures resembled shimmering stars in the sky, and amidst them, there was a nine-story tower.

Remote Ocean Luo Feng looked around as he said, “The World of Jin is fraught with dangers. Everyone, please follow closely behind me upon entering. I will bring you all directly to the doorstep of the East Army military camp. That is when you all can join the army right away… I trust that you all are clearly aware of the dangers of joining the army. There is no need for me to say anything more. After entering the army, you can only count on yourself.”

One after the other, universe masters spoke up.

“Of course.”

“Milky Way horde leader, sorry to have to trouble you so.”

Remote Ocean Luo Feng nodded. This was his new Remote Ocean body. As this new Remote Ocean body had attained the perfect life gene level, its godly body would naturally be as powerful as his original earthling body and golden horned beast body.

“Luo Feng.” Standing beside Remote Ocean Luo Feng, was none other than Primal Chaos City Leader, who was transmitting his words. “This time, a total of 36 universe masters are entering, and all of them come from the other races in my Hong Alliance. They are, after all, not humans… You just need to guide them along in the beginning. Thereafter, you can wash your hands of them. Protecting yourself is of the utmost importance.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded with a smile.

“Oh, the colors are changing.”

Remote Ocean Luo Feng looked out at the miniature universe of the World of Jin in the void space far away. The external membrane walls of the World of Jin were turning white, which was apparently the time when hindrances were at the lowest. This was when they could enter.

“We can go in now!”

“The color is changing!”

“We can enter the fourth most dangerous land.”

“Into the World of Jin!”

One after the other, the numerous palace true treasures that were originally suspended in the void space outside World of Jin penetrated the membrane walls of the miniature universe and landed within the World of Jin.

At the same time, there were also numerous streaks of light emerging from the miniature universe of the World of Jin. These were obvious signs showing that the first batch to enter the miniature universe way back then were still surviving.

Sou!

A silver battleship flew over rapidly. It was the Boat of Mausoleum.

“Let’s go over,” Remote Ocean Luo Feng said.

Very quickly, the Boat of Mausoleum and Star Tower closed the distance between one another. At the same time, the cabin doors of the Boat of Mausoleum opened.

“All of you, step over.” Remote Ocean Luo Feng ordered.

Without further ado, the numerous universe masters from the Hong Alliance left Star Tower and entered the Boat of Mausoleum. Only Remote Ocean Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader remained behind in Star Tower.

“Huh?” Primal Chaos City Leader discovered right away that Remote Ocean Luo Feng’s godly body was rapidly weakening. In merely a short period, his godly body was weakened to such a degree that it was only left with around 80 percent. “What is happening?” he asked.

“While I was in the World of Jin, quite a substantial amount of my godly body was consumed. I need to take the chance to replenish it,” Remote Ocean Luo Feng said with a laugh.

Previously, when he was after that beast true god, he had executed the second stage of Extermination, and under such circumstances, the amount that would be consumed was alarming. Although he managed to kill that beast true god, a large portion of Luo Feng’s godly body had been consumed. Fortunately, there was Golden Horned Beast body to supplement whatever amount was used up. That was how he could maintain an optimal state.

In the World of Jin, replenishing godly power was extremely tough. One era had passed, but he merely replenished a small part that had been consumed. And at the moment, within the Boat of Mausoleum, his original earthling body and golden horned beast body were close. Naturally, their godly powers could be transmitted to one another, thus helping him in replenishing his godly power.

Within a dazzling golden battleship, Rampaging Devil God was bragging to his old pal, Bei Chi Star Master.

“Haha! Now I am learning the secret technique of blazing godly power, and I also have a series of attack type supreme true treasure. Even if I am in Universe Ocean, I am able to release an outburst of combat power at tenth tier as the top level. This is definitely comparable to Teacher Origin when he was at my current level! Now, I can trample on you in any way I like. Take a look at this. This is my newly-acquired supreme true treasure battleship!”

“You are so ruthless, but you are also very impressive.” Bei Chi Star Master forced himself to listen to Rampaging Devil God sing his own praises.

“Hahaha…” Rampaging Devil God was very satisfied with himself.

He was a lone traveler. He had earned himself a powerful treasure. How could he give up the chance to show off?

Hong!

A battleship was flying at high speed, and it was so fast that it crashed into another spherical palace true treasure with an impact that sent the palace true treasure flying into the distance.

“Who dares crash into my Divine Eye Clan’s palace?”

The great being who was within the spherical palace true treasure was furious and transmitted his roars of displeasure.

“It’s me, Rampaging. What can you do about it?” Rampaging Devil God behaved in accordance with his name—going on a rampage without any fear.

Instantly, the Divine Eye Clan ceased all activities at hand. Earlier on, Rampaging Devil God had planned to collect more supreme true treasures from Universe Ocean. However, as more and more information about the army was being revealed and transmitted to various groups of powers within Universe Ocean, his plan had been declared a failure. Thereafter, Rampaging Devil God actively showed off his possessions to let the whole of Universe Ocean know that now, he, Rampaging Devil God, was very powerful.

Even for the Divine Eye Clan, the moment they encountered this lone traveler, Rampaging Devil God, they could only hold back their anger and take a detour around him.

“Go!”

Luo Feng stood in the halls of the Boat of Mausoleum. Behind him, there were 36 universe masters from the Hong Alliance, all at Luo Feng’s beck and call.

Sou!

With a one-word command, the Boat of Mausoleum flew toward the World of Jin right away.

Within a battleship gloriously coated in black, a large number of universe masters were gathering. The total was close to 100.

“Ancestor has given orders!”

“This time, my Purple Moon Holy Land has entered the World of Jin. Our first goal is to solicit the help of their army and kill Milky Way Horde Leader, Luo Feng! So long as the army strikes with a soul attack to annihilate Luo Feng, his other bodies will all perish without a trace of hope for resurrection.”

“As for us need to first look into his whereabouts.”

A double-face, four-armed man in black armor let out a low growl.

The group of universe masters beneath were all listening in solemn silence.

“The universe masters from the Hong Alliance have already set off! Let’s catch up with them!”

Hong!

The black battleship followed closely when the Boat of Mausoleum was flying toward the World of Jin. It, too, flew toward the World of Jin.

Earlier on, during the first era, the number of incomers had not been many to start with, but the majority of them would fail to survive. Those who could live through one era within the World of Jin were few. This was why many groups could only gather information about the World of Jin from other sources. They did not have any of their great beings in the World of Jin, so they were still heavy-hearted with fear—worried that the information they gathered was inaccurate.

This was the reason why, in this second era, from various groups of powers from the entire Universe Ocean, a total of more than 1,000 universe masters had set off for the World of Jin!

Comparatively speaking, this was not a big number. Especially for the first reincarnation era; its number of universe masters was already more than 2,000. They were facing their impending doomsday, so if they were to learn of detailed information about the World of Jin, then most likely, from the first reincarnation era alone, more than half the number of universe masters would have charged their way in. Yet, at the moment, there were only about 600 universe masters from the first reincarnation era making their way into the World of Jin.

It was expected that, come the third era, the influx would hit a new high.

“We’ve lost it.”

The moment Purple Moon Holy Land’s black battleship entered the World of Jin, it realized that the Boat of Mausoleum had teleported itself away very quickly.

“Although we have lost sight of it, the landing site of the group of universe masters from the Hong Alliance, led by Luo Feng, was obviously within the region under the jurisdiction of the East Army of the World of Jin. Luo Feng likely joined the East Army. But just as a precautionary measure, we have close to 100 universe masters, so 20 of us shall head to the North Army, 20 shall head to the South Army, 20 shall head to the West Army, and the rest shall go to the East Army!”

The black battleship of Purple Moon Holy Land had started to take off.

Purple Moon Holy Land Universe already had two universe masters entering previously. A period of one era was enough time for these two universe masters to obtain a general map of the World of Jin, which allowed the World of Jin to be certain of the positions of the four major military camps.

The large-scale entry made by the various groups of top powers from Universe Ocean, was on the contrary, almost unnoticeable. It was as though a basin of water was poured into a vast ocean—so insignificant that it could not create even the slightest ripple.

At the East Army military camp, within Python River military ground, an external voice was transmitted: “Milky Way, Milky Way.”

Luo Feng walked out of his stone house and looked up into the sky where the hideous beast, Wu He, was suspended.

“Milky Way, the other warriors are prepared to set off to accomplish their military mission for this era,” Wu He said right away. “And, from the previous era, there are nine new recruits who just joined the army. They will be executing their military missions with us too. Let us set off too!”

Wu He was now very willing to join Luo Feng’s group in action.

“Nine new army recruits?” Luo Feng was taken aback. Warriors who had joined during the current era, upon receiving their missions, naturally should wait for the new era to come before embarking on their first mission. But the entire Python River Army was so big for his small troop to take in nine warriors. That was a tad too many.

“Every era, Python River Army is distributed with a handful of warriors,” Wu He explained. “Our team had just completed a disaster-level mission and incurred quite a loss, so this deployment was mainly to replenish our team.”

“Oh. Let’s go, then.” Luo Feng nodded. “But Wu He, I need to tell you in advance, this time around, I will not be taking part in the mission with you all.”

“Not joining us?” Wu He felt doubtful. However, he was not worried. Following the completion of a disaster-level mission, the troop would not be assigned with tough missions for a long period thereafter.

“I have something else to do,” said Luo Feng, and he did not elaborate further.

When it came to his mission to receive a title, he simply did not want to say much.

First, he would head to Basic Inheritance Island, the gathering point. Obviously, the captain and some of the older warriors would treat him with hostility, but a portion would be friendlier. As a side note, he knew the nine new recruits would be especially curious about him.

When Luo Feng arrived at Basic Inheritance Island, he paid no heed to the captain or his company whatsoever. He approached the nine new recruits right away and said, “New recruits, here is a reminder for you all. Ku Fa is quite good. You all can choose to follow her. As for that captain, unless you have a death wish, you had better not choose him.”

The new warriors were greatly taken aback.

“Milky Way!” The captain’s expression reflected his displeasure.

Luo Feng shot him a look. “Am I wrong to say that?”

All six troops could feel the enmity between Luo Feng and the captain.

In fact, even before the captain had been coveting Luo Feng’s many military credits, the two had been at odds with one another. The captain had witnessed firsthand how Luo Feng had become more powerful—and also, how Luo Feng had obtained such a great amount of military credits when he was on his previous mission. He had easily been able to trade for an automaton-type treasure.

Compared to the past century, Luo Feng’s power was indeed much stronger than before. This was why, deep in his heart, the captain was still somewhat fearful of Luo Feng.

Captain turned his head and gave his orders without further ado. “Let’s go receive our military mission.”

After spending almost a day’s time shuttling about the military camp, Luo Feng finally arrived at the Great Evil Hall.

Hong!

A beam of light enveloped the warriors of all six troops in an instant. The other warriors received simple missions; Luo Feng, on the other hand, received a mission to receive a title.

“Huh? Godly King Valley? The place where His Majesty the Godly King lived in the past?” A trace of surprise flashed in Luo Feng’s eyes as he realized, “The mission to receive a title will be found there!”

Chapter 1371 - Setting a

Killer Trap

Venue for mission to receive a title (Law master level): Godly King Valley.

Details for mission: Godly King Valley, place of residence of His Majesty the Godly King, who was the existence who created Wu Qi God. There is a tower, Wu Qi Tower, that is nine stories high. The ninth story is the highest level. Up until today, only His Majesty the Godly King had ascended to the ninth story before. The goal of this mission is… Enter Wu Qi Tower and get to the ninth story. The one who makes it up to the ninth floor will be sealed with a title!

Reward: 10,000 military credits earned if one survives and returns back; by returning alive with success achieved, one will be sealed with a title. There are endless benefits.

Penalty: There will be no penalty should one fails to accomplish the mission.

Important reminder: This mission is extremely dangerous; all the participants are top-notch law masters representing the four armies of the World of Jin, who have undergone much training and honing of skills. They are all amply prepared, but the number who are annihilated still reaches a high average of 90 percent. You must always be careful and vigilant.

The mission to receive a title might have seemed easy, as there would be no penalty if one failed. Yet the insanely high mortality rate was, in fact, the most terrifying penalty! Every single law master who accepted the mission to receive a title would know about this extremely high mortality rate, so all of them would have prepared palace type true treasures, or even automaton type true treasures to bring along as they tried to achieve success. But the number of deaths was still exceedingly high.

“There is no room for carelessness,” Luo Feng reminded himself discreetly. “The moment I lose my life, Golden Claw God, Boat of Mausoleum, Blood Ghost Blade, and Python River Armor will all be taken away by the other warriors. And then I will become a laughing stock.”

The captain’s voice was transmitted from the side. “This mission is very simple. You new recruits, so long as you do not behave recklessly, will be able to pull through this mission easily! Previously, it was a disaster-level mission. Under my leadership, we have survived. You nine new recruits… You are still not willing to hurry over to our team? We are willing to accept you all. Why are you all still hesitating to join us?”

The captain and the warriors under his command were all beckoning loudly to the nine new recruits.

“Humph, follow you?” Ku Fa said coldly. “Even if you all pull through this time, the next time around, you may all perish. Have you not tasted enough loss? Previously, I joined forces with Yu Luo, leaving your captain with no choice but to continue helping you. Do you really think you have a chance of survival?”

The nine new recruits immediately started to have second thoughts.

“I am willing to go with Ku Fa and her troop,” Wu He started shouting from the side.

Luo Feng, who had been contemplating his mission to receive a title, turned around. There was a very disharmonious situation unfolding beside him, with the captain on one side and Ku Fa on the other.

With Wu He also joining Ku Fa and company, it was down to the nine new recruits who were filled with uncertainty. The new recruits even looked toward Luo Feng, as they all felt that the captain, Ku Fa, and everyone else were fearful of Luo Feng.

“If you choose to follow Ku Fa and her troop, at the very least, she would not have the power to give up on any of you even if she intended to,” Luo Feng said lightly.

The moment this was said, a handful of new recruits who had been hesitating a moment ago walked toward Ku Fa’s side. After the first one had made a final decision to join Ku Fa and her troop, the other new recruits also followed suit and made their way toward Ku Fa and her company. They all felt that what Milky Way said made sense. In terms of power, Ku Fa was not the captain’s match, so even if Ku Fa wanted to take advantage of such a big group of warriors, she did not have the capacity to do so.

Suddenly, those warriors under Captain’s command were bellowing as one.

“Milky Way! Are you trying to make an enemy out of Captain?”

“Milky Way!”

Captain kept mum, but that pair of gray eyes under his curved horns glared hard at Luo Feng.

“Making an enemy out of your captain?” Luo Feng shot a look at the captain and gave a light snort. “Is he even worth it?”

The warriors immediately glared at him while the captain’s expression instantly changed to one of great displeasure. “Milky Way!”

“I have no time for this nonsense. Ku Fa, Wu He… Time to go.” Luo Feng smiled as he greeted Ku Fa and Wu He. Then, right away, he flew toward the contorted space wormhole not far away.

Ku Fa and her warriors still felt some resentment toward Luo Feng for refusing their offer, but they were also aware that even the captain and his warriors were helpless against that Luo Feng. All the more, Ku Fa and her warriors were unable to do anything. She and her warriors did not hold any feud against one another, so their enemy’s enemy should be their friend.

“Let’s go.”

“Let’s go.”

In a mighty manner, Ku Fa, Wu He, and their group of warriors also flew straight into the wormhole.

The expressions of the captain and his warriors were awful. One by one, the experienced warriors all looked at their captain.

“Captain, how can we just let Milky Way go like that?”

“Captain, if we just let him be, Milky Way will still find ways to be at odds with you. We don’t even have ten warriors on our side now. On the other hand, Ku Fa and company have the greatest number of warriors. If Milky Way decides to stir up trouble… Captain, you might lose your prominence. We cannot let him go unrestrained any further.”

“Captain…”

The captain replied with great indifference, “We shall not be bothered with him for the time being.”

Sou!

With the captain in the head, the troop flew into the wormhole. The other experienced warriors looked at one another. Why would their captain, who was always so proud and ruthless, show leniency to Milky Way? Could it be that he was also fearful of Milky Way? These old warriors were starting to entertain all kinds of thoughts in their minds, but at that same time, they, too, flew into the wormhole.

In a certain region outside the East Army military camp, a great number of wormholes were clustered together.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Batches of warriors were emerging from the wormholes in succession, all chatting among themselves. Then, maneuvering their battleships, they speedily left.

Not too far from this region, on a large, ancient tree, was a warrior clad in gray armor. He was keeping watch.

“There are so many who are going out to accomplish their mission,” the warrior in gray armor said, transmitting a voice message. “What do you say? Just keep watching like this? How long are we going to continue keeping watch?”

At another spot not too far away, a warrior leaned against a large tree, looking very comfortable, but in fact, he was keeping a close watch over a large area of a certain region. “Now, the previous era has just ended,” he replied. “A new era has just begun, and all the lesser troops are setting off to carry out their military mission. Now is the most turbulent time…. If Luo Feng wants to set off, I think he should set off now. Ancestor has given specific orders for the ten of us to keep watch over the surroundings here. After we get through this 100-year period, we can set off to accomplish our own missions designated to us.”

At that moment, there were ten universe masters in total from Purple Moon Holy Land, and all of them were gathered in the same area, keeping a close watch. This was the peak period when warriors would head out. The chances of Luo Feng appearing were currently the highest. How could they afford to be careless? Even if it meant they had to put off accomplishing their own missions, they had to continue to keep a close watch.

“Look, it’s the Blood Ochre Army.”

“Watch it closely. That is a special army troop. It is highly possible that Luo Feng will appear within a special army troop.

Amongst the great number of warriors appearing, occasionally, warriors from special army troops would also appear. With the passing of time, a small group of warriors from special army troops sometimes could be seen.

Hong!

Suddenly, a group of figures flew out from the exit of one of the wormholes.

“It’s the Python River Army, which is also a special army troop. Keep a close watch.” The 10 universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land Universe were keeping watch, and now, six of them were looking in this one direction.

All they could see was a group of figures flying out in succession. All of them wore their Python River Army standard armor, and judging by their armor alone, their identities were easily verified! Because there were universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land who had already entered the World of Jin as part of the first batch of newcomers, they had already obtained some information about certain special army troops within the East Army.

“Milky Way, we shall part ways here then.”

“Milky Way, if you are not going on the mission with us, where are you going?”

Wu He and Ku Fa asked their questions one after the other.

Luo Feng smiled as he replied, “I have important matters to see to.” As this was just a casual conversation, whether it was Luo Feng, Wu He or Ku Fa, all of them were speaking normally, without any of those sneaky voice transmissions.

The six universe masters were all keeping a close watch, yet even when they laid eyes on Luo Feng, they did not realize he was their target. Since joining the army, Luo Feng’s appearance had changed slightly. His complexion had changed a little; it seemed rougher. Furthermore, he was covered by his Python River armor, with a helmet over his head. That was why they did not recognize him at first glance.

Although they might be far away and could not hear the content of their conversation well, the six universe masters only needed to read the movements of their lips to discern the content of their conversation!

“Milky Way?”

This name caught their attention right away.

“That target has an appearance resembling a human! Very possible that it is Milky Way Horde Leader, Luo Feng.”

“Lock eyes on target.”

“I will go verify right away.”

Of the ten universe masters who were standing guard from afar, one separated from the team right away. Soon, a seemingly ordinary warrior clad in a silver armor suit transformed into a stream of flowing light and flew toward the region around the wormhole where a great many warriors had gathered.

Sou!

There were simply too many warriors around Luo Feng. And why would he need to pay close attention to such an ordinary warrior? That warrior flew past Luo Feng.

“Huh?” Luo Feng’s brows twitched as he turned around.

That aura… It was an aura he recognized. There were only so many great beings from Universe Ocean in the World of Jin. Back then, just to stop that massive object, several thousand universe masters had gathered together. Naturally, Luo Feng was acquainted with many other universe masters. And that aura a moment ago belonged to one of those universe masters that he had gotten to know back then.

This aura that I am detecting must have come from Purple Moon Holy Land. Could it be so coincidental? To actually meet one of them here?

Luo Feng had his doubts.

Seems like he has discovered me, too. Even if he has discovered me, what can he do…? Here, Purple Moon Holy Land has no authority at all.

Luo Feng had never really held Purple Moon Holy Land in high regard. Plus, the rules of the World of Jin were determined by the army. Here, Purple Moon Holy Land was nothing at all.

“I’m leaving!”

Luo Feng maneuvered a battleship and charged across the vast expanse of space, where he left at high speed.

The warrior clad in silver armor who had flown by Luo Feng’s side just now, confirmed within a split second, “That is Luo Feng’s aura. It is his aura! Just now, that warrior from the Python River Army is Luo Feng. I am sure of it. It is Luo Feng!”

“Information confirmed. Let’s head back right away to report this to Ancestor.”

The universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land were extremely excited as they immediately brought the news back to Purple Moon Ancestor.

Universe Ocean, in Purple Moon Holy Land universe.

Within the main hall, a purple figure stood at an elevated position. Beneath him, ten universe masters were down on their knees.

“Are you sure that it is Luo Feng?” asked the purple figure, looking down.

One of the universe masters, who was kneeling at the bottom, replied reverentially, “Yes, it is Luo Feng. His name in the World of Jin is ‘Milky Way’! And I personally flew past him and sensed his life aura. It is the godly body of Luo Feng’s earthling original body.”

“Very well.” Purple Moon Ancestor nodded slightly. “Since we have confirmed that he is a warrior of the Python River army, someone must look into this for me right away. Exactly which large troop—or small troop—from the Python River army is he in? We must be very clear about this.”

“Understood!”

Every single warrior standing below him responded. This was very easy, as there were only so many warriors from Python River army. So long as the name was known, adding on the appearance… Surely, it would be easy to clarify and investigate.

“After investigating the matter, there is no rush for action,” said Purple Moon Ancestor ordered. “The moment you have clear answers, just wait patiently. Wait for Luo Feng to return to the military camp. The moment he does… you can start the killing! If you rush the attack and the Hong Alliance learns about it first and informs Luo Feng, he may escape before we can do anything. That is not good. Wait until he returns to the military camp. Wait for him to fall into our deadly trap. Then there will be no way he can ever think of escaping!”

“Understood!” the ten warriors respectfully replied in unison.

Chapter 1372 - Breakthrough

of the Godly Body

Luo Feng took off for Godly King Valley. Meanwhile, in the faraway primal universe where the human territory was, within the primal secret region, undulating waves constantly rippled throughout the vast Remote Ocean.

Hua! Hua!

How endless and boundless!

After more than eight million years, the volume of the vast Remote Ocean—compared to its volume back when the humans and the united forces alliance had been engaged in war—was now exponentially greater! The endless Remote Ocean had such a commanding presence within the primal secret region that every great being who came to the primal secret region was shocked and amazed by it.

“This is the endless Remote Ocean!”

“Endless Remote Ocean? It is one of the godly bodies divided from the main body of the legendary noble, Milky Way Horde Leader. It is said that, back during the war, close to 1,000 universe masters from the united forces alliance joined forces to attack Luo Feng, but no one could do anything to this Milky Way Horde Leader!”

“How…? How big must it be?”

“Such a big godly body. Even if it continues to blaze its godly power, the time taken for the entire godly body to be completely consumed will definitely be very long.”

A spaceship flew along the length of the sky of the endless Remote Ocean. In that spaceship, there were some undying fighters and sector lords who were looking out from where they were. They were gazing at the endless Remote Ocean, and all of them were feeling very excited.

In a long period of over eight million years, the human race’s status within the primal universe had become even higher than before! This was because small-scale skirmishes between the human camp and united forces camp had been ongoing! It was common for a great many sector lords, undying fighters, and knights to engage in battle. Occasionally, there would also be battles between universe masters! Regarding the news about the war, the human race would have made it widespread so that the human sector lords and undying fighters would be filled with fighting spirit and confidence.

Furthermore, under the deliberate guidance of the human race, the generations of new and upcoming sector lords and undying fighters would never forget the names “Primal Chaos City Leader” and “Milky Way Horde Leader.” Probably those sector lords and undying fighters were not really clear on what it meant to be a universe supreme master, but there was one thing they were all clear on: Within the entire human race, the most important and most powerful two existences were Primal Chaos City Leader and Milky Way Horde Leader. The two of them were powerful pillars of support for the entire human race!

“This other body of the noble Milky Way Horde Leader—exactly how big is it?”

“The endless Remote Ocean is said to be constantly expanding. Previously, I received information that the diameter exceeded one trillion kilometers. Now, it is surely going to be much bigger than that.”

Everyone was engaged in a heated discussion.

An undying emperor who was driving this spaceship—a lean yet thin man with a headful of golden scales—spoke up. “The endless Remote Ocean body of our noble Milky Way Horde Leader is currently at a diameter that exceeds two light years!”

“Two light years?”

“Wow! That is a really massive godly body.”

“Back then, close to 1,000 universe masters worked together, yet they were still unable to harm Milky Way Horde Leader. Now, he must be invincible.”

“Invincible.”

The numerous sector lords and undying fighters were all in awe and filled with admiration for Milky Way Horde Leader.

The spaceship flew across the sky of the endless Remote Ocean while everything else remained as peaceful as ever within Remote Ocean. At the moment, the emphasis on the cultivation of human talent was greatly increased, especially after the knowledge of the ancient civilization was transferred over to the human race. Therefore, sector lords and undying fighters were frequently sent to the primal secret region for cultivation and training or sent to Primal Chaos City for cultivation.

In short, the sight that greeted anyone who happened to pass by the endless Remote Ocean would definitely leave one astounded.

At that moment, in the deep central region of endless Remote Ocean, there was a vacuum with a diameter of around 10 billion kilometers. In here, not a single drop of ocean water could be found. It was as though the core of the entire endless Remote Ocean was a gigantic bubble, and within this vacuum, a great number of items hung suspended in the air.

All kinds of metals, minerals, soils, and liquids… Within a diameter of 10 billion kilometers, how vast a region would that be? Yet this region was almost filled to capacity. It could be said that every kind of substance that could possibly be found within the primal universe was present here—whether they were existing substances found normal to star traveler level, star level, neutron star, black holes, and many other places, or mysterious substances like special life forms of seeds of life and undying trees, or even a portion of the corpses of billions of life forms from the billions of different races found within the universe and corpses of special life forms.

The dead and the living were present here—from the primal universe, from the universe ocean, and even from the World of Jin! One trillion types of metals! One trillion types of special energy bodies! One trillion types of plants! Every single kind of substance! To every single living life form! They ranged from beings as minuscule as single-celled organisms to as complex as a whole universe masters or true god corpses! Even that drop of godly blood from the pair of white wings, which Shi Wu Wings had forced out of itself.

All of these things were stored here.

“Inherited technique—Create!”

An inherited technique was executed again.

Suddenly, everything within the region seemed to fall into a peculiar domain, and this domain was unobtainable through cultivation. It was a kind of domain that was naturally brought about during the execution of the inherited technique “Create.” Anything placed within this peculiar domain would be speedily analyzed, and it would also analyze the life origin of whatever was being analyzed.

“Such a large quantity of countless metals and plants, especially the large amount of true gods’ blood, scales, and many more from the World of Jin. I really hope that this time around, I stand to gain big time!”

Luo Feng held high hopes, looking forward with incomparable eagerness. Previously, taking the godly power route, he was stuck at the bottleneck, mainly because there were too few true gods’ life forms to be analyzed! Although there might be one drop of powerful godly blood, that drop was too high-end; any analysis of it could not be understood.

Soundlessly, those drops of blood, pieces of scales to strands of hair suspended in the air were continuously being analyzed, and the most fundamental structure composing the life origin appeared before Luo Feng.

How complex! It was more mysterious than the Rhinoceros Emperor Game—far exceeding any Rhinoceros Emperor Game that Luo Feng had researched. After all, this was the life composition of a true god! Fortunately, Luo Feng did not need thorough research. All that was required of him was to find the difference between the structures of a true god and a universe master. From there, he could change his own life structure to increase his life gene level.

“Haha… So much true gods’ blood, scales, and hairs…! How very satisfying.”

In an instant, Luo Feng discovered millions and billions of concepts, but none of these concepts were destined to be suitable for him.

While the endless Remote Ocean was analyzing samples, Golden Horned Beast was in the World of Jin, hiding within the space of cultivation of the space of inheritance as it maintained time acceleration at a rate of 10,000 times. It was also training.

“Godly power, break down.” Golden Horned Beast Luo Feng made a move in his mind.

Hua!

Suddenly, one of Golden Horned Beast’s clawed hooves broke down into a large quantity of godly power that was suspended over the surroundings.

“Life, recombine!”

The internal life composition within his godly power was instantly controlled and modified by Luo Feng. It was as though he was making changes to his life genes! Previously, the gene level had been perfect, and the life structure was stable. It was difficult to break through and surpass. Recombination of godly power failed!

“Trying again!”

Having gained such a large amount of true gods’ blood, scales, and hairs over time, Luo Feng was bound to develop a great deal of thoughts and concepts. Naturally, he would want to constantly put these through trials, and through these trials and experiments, he could probe the mysteries of life.

“Failed!”

“Failed!”

“Recombination has failed!”

Every failure was experience gained. All paths eventually led to the same ending. Life origin was one of the kinds of origin that had come into existence due to the evolution of the universe, and it contained the ultimate mysteries. Starting out from such a godly power route would be greatly beneficial to Luo Feng’s ability to create secret techniques.

Time passed, but with time accelerated to 10,000 times within the space of cultivation, 160 went by in the blink of an eye.

“I will succeed. I have a strong feeling that I am about to succeed. Previously, I only missed by a little bit… Life, recombine!”

The clawed hoof of Golden Horned Beast, which had settled down within the space of cultivation, had transformed into a tremendous amount of godly power. This godly power was rapidly going through a change. The innermost structure of its origin was undergoing a change.

Buzz!

Everything ceased moving. Luo Feng also stopped controlling and eventually came to a stop. If he failed, then his godly power, which the origin had changed, would rapidly be broken down and then be returned to its original form. If he managed to stabilize its existence, that might possibly mean success. After all, even if he did manage to stabilize it, the new structure of life origin might not necessarily exceed the limit of perfection. It might, on the contrary, even be reduced. For instance, it could reach 9,800 times life gene level…

“It has stabilized!” Luo Feng was delighted. “Level of godly power…”

Luo Feng carefully felt his godly power. This was a new godly power —a godly power that was so strong that it carried a sharp keenness as though it might attack at any moment.

Luo Feng was able to make a rough judgment instantly and was delighted. “16,000 times! I’ve succeeded! I have broken through the bottleneck of perfect gene level!”

If he had continued to study about law masters and the other countless substances, perhaps he might have achieved a breakthrough. But that was too difficult. A true god’s life origin was obviously far superior, and it had inspired Luo Feng with countless ideas and provided him with an untold number of possible routes. After being stuck at a bottleneck for more than eight million eras, now, in a situation where he had enough true god’s blood, scales, and hair samples, all he required was slightly more than 100 years to achieve a breakthrough.

“Godly body, recombine!” Golden Horned Beast Luo Feng let out a low growl.

Hong!

The entire Golden Horned Beast disassembled with a loud crash and transformed into a mighty godly power. Shortly after, a large amount of godly power rapidly condensed back to form a golden horned beast. This new one may have looked the same as the former, but its aura was obviously much stronger.

“Godly body, recombine!”

Luo Feng’s earthling original body, in the Boat of Mausoleum, instantly underwent a recombination of his godly body. Its life gene level soared to 16,000 times right away. The quality was increased, no doubt, but its godly body was reduced as a result. Only 60 percent of his earthling original body’s godly body remained.

“Recharge.”

Golden Horned Beast rapidly charged up the supply of godly power, allowing the earthling original body to speedily recover to a state of 100 percent godly body.

“This feeling is wondrous!”

Luo Feng revealed his delight. He felt as if his godly body was all revved up, and even the distant god country was itching to make a move. His godly body had become more powerful and thus, was able to accommodate a more powerful god country! His god country would only need to expand once more. Then it could immediately evolve into a miniature universe.

This all implied that so long as Luo Feng was willing, he could bring his god country to evolve into a miniature universe. And thereafter, his godly body would zoom its way up to an increase of 100 times! Then he would enter the true god stage!

Now, it was merely 16,000 times life gene level. It was still far from Luo Feng’s personal expectations; rather, this level was not a great help to his ability. After all, the godly power route consisted of three levels of godly body. Achieving 30,000 times would be considered the first level, and this was when the height of godly body could surge tenfold! Yet now, Luo Feng could not even bring his godly body to undergo an outburst in height.

“Haha! I just obtained these true gods’ scales and blood, and I am able to achieve 16,000 times right away…”

Luo Feng was now full of confidence. He had spent more than 100 years in the space of cultivation. In actuality, however, Luo Feng was on board his Boat of Mausoleum and heading for Godly King Valley, and only four days had passed in the outside world! Luo Feng still required more than a month’s time to be able to arrive at the faraway Godly King Valley.

Half a month later, maneuvering and controlling his silver battleship, Luo Feng spotted the vast continent that was right in the middle of the endless ocean. Godly King Valley was the name of that continent.

“We’ve arrived.”

Luo Feng’s attention was temporarily shifted away from cultivation. He was about to embark on an incomparably dangerous mission to receive a title.

Chapter 1373 - Godly King

Sector

On board the silver battleship, he looked down at the vast continent in the distance. As the ship closed the distance via a long-distance teleportation, the faraway continent soon came clearly into view.

This vast continent was named Godly King Sector.

Technically speaking, there were five major continents in the World of Jin. The East Army, the West Army, the North Army, and the South Army each commanded a vast expanse of land and a part of the ocean. On the vast ocean, there were many islands scattered all over, and the biggest among them all was Godly King Sector. Furthermore, it was the place of residence of His Majesty the Godly King, so naturally, it had a unique status, even though its size was far from comparable to the other four continents. Because of its unique status, it was regarded as one of the five major continents.

“Godly King Sector.” Luo Feng looked down.

At first glance. The entire continent was covered with undulating mountains and lakes. The breathtaking view was quite a sight to behold.

“Huh?” Luo Feng felt a sudden jolt of shock.

Those countless rolling, undulating mountains looked like numerous law engravings. Even the lakes resembled nodes. Just by looking down at the entire Godly King Sector, Luo Feng could feel countless mysteries surging into his mind. Yet they were so mysterious that they were far beyond what Luo Feng could understand or comprehend at his current level.

“That’s right.” Luo Feng nodded. “Based on the information I have gathered, Godly King Sector was, after all, the place of residence of Godly King. Normally, living souls of the World of Jin would not be allowed access in here. I have applied for a mission to receive a title. That’s why I am allowed access within the period of this era. The place of residence of the Godly King… How could there not be special formation, secret techniques, and the like, enough to hold all underlings in shock and awe?”

Luo Feng laughed. Just like how many important grounds within the primal secret region would reverse time and space to plant dangers around the land, there would certainly be extraordinary traps if His Majesty the Godly King of the World of Jin was personally responsible for the dangers.

Just as Luo Feng was maneuvering the Boat of Mausoleum to maintain flying in the sky, a lone figure suddenly appeared out of nowhere on the vast land below. Soon, this figure was flying toward Luo Feng at high speed.

An angry command was transmitted: “On the grounds of Godly King Sector, trespassing is prohibited. Stop.”

The voice seemed to come in rolling waves. Suddenly, the surrounding time and space around the Boat of Mausoleum seemed to be isolated from the outside world. There was no way the ship could attempt to escape.

“A true god of void space.” Luo Feng was taken aback.

Luo Feng exited through the cabin doors of the Boat of Mausoleum and directed his introduction to a faraway spot. “I am Milky Way, a warrior from Python River Army of the East Army. Because I am assigned with a mission to receive a title, I have come to Godly King Sector.”

“Warrior Milky Way?”

The true god of void space took one look in the distance and carefully surveyed what he saw, then—

Hua!

Everything in the surrounding time and space resumed normality.

“Follow me,” the true god of the void space beckoned.

Luo Feng put away the Boat of Mausoleum and flew over without further delay. Before this true god of void space, he entertained no other thoughts. After all, considering the power of a true god of void space, even if he put in his all, he would still be hunted down and killed. Of course, it would be wiser to be obedient.

As he flew over, Luo Feng took the chance to observe this true god of void space. He was a tribal warrior, meaning it was a humanoid life form with a dark, golden body that seemed to be cast in bronze. It had six ears and a pair of eyes that radiated red light. Even while standing amid the void space, it exuded an arrogant and domineering aura.

“Milky Way pays respect to you, my Lord.” Luo Feng bowed reverentially upon flying close.

“I am one of the guards of Godly King Sector. I am North Cang,” the true god of void space said right away. “If you want to carry out your mission to receive a title, then do follow me. I will bring you to Godly King Valley. Without my lead, you will not be able to arrive at Godly King Valley.”

“Understood,” Luo Feng replied.

Sou! Sou!

With North Cang, the guard of Godly King Sector, leading the way, both traveled via an extremely long-distance teleportation as they made their way to Godly King Valley.

“My Lord, North Cang.” The more Luo Feng gazed at the sight below, the more mysterious he found it. “I feel that… Godly King Sector continent seems to have law engravings everywhere. Does that mean there is danger everywhere?”

North Cang, the guard, took one look at Luo Feng and revealed a rare smile. “You are right. The Godly King Sector continent is indeed fraught with danger. This continent is, after all, beyond huge. If a large number of law masters and true gods were left free to roam about, even with quite a handful of guards, it will still be impossible to look out for every single one of them. But the moment they are caught trespassing, they will be in danger of imminent annihilation. This is the exact reason why, normally, no one will dare to enter the Godly King Sector.”

Luo Feng nodded. The information he had obtained also included a prohibition against trespassing. Death awaited all intruders.

“As for the law engravings found everywhere…” North Cang, the guard, sighed, “Because the whole of Godly King Sector, is actually a super automaton type true treasure that was created by His Majesty the Godly King.”

“Automaton type true treasure?” Luo Feng was dumbfounded.

A true treasure or a supreme piece of a valuable—one that could be regarded as an automaton type true treasure by true gods of void space of the World of Jin—would be something that other valuables within Universe Ocean would not be able to hold a candle to.

“Such a large automaton type true treasure?” Luo Feng was dumbfounded.

The length of the Universe Boat was around 100 million light years. This Godly King Sector continent was, after all, one of the five major continents. Even though it was barely comparable to the other four continents, its diameter was certainly more than one billion light years. How could such a majestic and resplendent continent turn out to be an automaton type true treasure?

“Haha! His Majesty the Godly King was most highly skilled in automaton type treasures.” North Cang, the guard, sighed as a great sense of pride swept through him. “This Godly King Sector continent was merely an experimental product that His Majesty the Godly Kind left behind… His Majesty still has a true Godly King Sector, and that true treasure followed him on his various expeditions as he roamed about endless worlds with ease. He was simply unrivaled.”

Luo Feng held his breath. Previously, he had seen that humanoid life form. Given that the humanoid life form was so massive, for it to be able to come up with such an outrageous automaton type true treasure was nothing out of the ordinary.

If that massive object really was His Majesty the Godly King, then why has he been reduced to this state? Even his World of Jin became easily accessible by universe masters and true gods from our Universe Ocean. Yet his people from the World of Jin will die the moment they step out?

Luo Feng felt that Universe Ocean and the World of Jin seemed to be at odds with one another. And Universe Ocean had the upper hand!

The living souls of Universe Ocean could enter World of Jin, but living souls from the World of Jin were unable to enter Universe Ocean!

Chatting while on the move, they soon arrived at their destination above a beautiful mountain valley.

“This is Godly King Valley.” North Cang, the guard, pointed down where there was a beautiful and incomparably tranquil valley. “Back when His Majesty the Godly King was here in Godly King Sector, this was where he often stayed in Godly King Valley. I have conveyed the news of your arrival. Let the guard of Godly King Valley know when you get there. They will not stop you.”

“Thank you, North Cang, my lord,” Luo Feng said.

“Also, that nine-story tower!” North Cang, the guard, pointed at the highest building within Godly King Valley. “That is Wu Qi Tower. Move along. I hope you are able to complete the mission to receive a title… and make it out alive.”

Then, while shaking his head, North Cang teleported and disappeared.

Luo Feng looked at the nine-story tower and thought, Make it out alive? Not only must I make it out alive, but I must also find out why, since time immemorial, no law master has been able to make it to the top! I must find out what might stop me!

Luo Feng, ever so proud and confident, would not lose confidence just because of the dangers of a mission to receive a title. If he lacked the confidence, he would not have come.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew over without further ado!

Security was very tight in the Godly King Valley. However, the guards knew that Luo Feng was entering as someone who was here to carry out a mission to receive a title, so they did not stop him. All they did was convey one message to him via voice transmission: “In Godly King Valley, flying is prohibited.”

Therefore, Luo Feng moved about on foot while in Godly King Valley. He walked over to Wu Qi Tower without delay.

Wu Qi Tower, taller than 1,000 light years, was the tallest building in Godly King Valley. At the bottom of this towering building, there were six figures.

One of the six figures entrenched over there—a single-horned beast —ordered in a low voice, “Warrior, come here.” This single-horned beast was the only true god in the area. The other five figures were law masters.

As Luo Feng made his way over, his eyes swept across his surroundings.

“You are the sixth law master of this batch,” the single-horned beast growled. “According to the rules, every ten warriors must enter Wu Qi Tower together. Now, in the Wu Qi Tower, there is a total of three batches. You are the fourth, but first, you have to wait. You will enter when we have ten warriors here.”

Luo Feng nodded to indicate that he understood. On this grassland, the other five warriors were at ease. They were either standing, sitting, or even lying sprawled on the ground (that would be the beast warrior).

“Python River army? You are from the East Army?” A warrior walked over. He was a tall, skinny, strange-looking warrior with a black beard. He was clad in battle armor that had bizarre beast patterns, and his helmet also had the pattern of a roaring beast head.

“You are from Sleeping Dragon army?” Luo Feng asked with a smile.

Sleeping Dragon Army was also a special army troop of the East Army.

“I am Xu Zhong from Sleeping Dragon Army!” said the tall, skinny warrior, introducing himself.

“I am Milky Way from Python River Army!” said Luo Feng, likewise introducing himself.

That tall, skinny warrior expressed his friendly intentions, but he lamented. “The other four warriors are all from other armies, not from our East Army. Fancy meeting someone from the East Army here. How delightful! Which major troop from the Python River Army are you from? This is my first time seeing you.”

“I am a new recruit,” Luo Feng said casually.

The moment this was said, the tall, skinny warrior let out a trace of shock. Even the other four warriors who were not too far away expressed some interest.

“A new recruit?” A realization struck Xu Zhong. “No wonder I have never seen you before. You must have just joined within the past few eras. The number of special army troops in our East Army are not many to start with, and I know the majority of the outstanding ones. For you to be able to make it here to execute this mission for receiving a title, you must be someone with extremely strong powers. I believe that soon enough, you will make a name for yourself throughout the various special army troops of the East Army.”

Luo Feng laughed.

Entering Wu Qi Tower was extremely dangerous, and since they were all from the East Army, he knew he should get well-acquainted with this warrior. Perhaps this might be helpful to him when he was in Wu Qi Tower.

In the blink of an eye, almost six days had passed. Warriors had been arriving in succession.

“We have ten warriors!” growled the single-horned beast true god. “You all will be the fourth batch of warriors to enter Wu Qi Tower this time… A prior warning to you all: Presently, within Wu Qi Tower, more than half of the warriors from the third batch are dead. I hope I will be able to see you all again, walking out of here alive.”

The ten warriors were shocked. More than half from the previous batch were dead?

Even Luo Feng was astounded. Those who dared to come here would certainly be the absolute elites from the four armies.

Hong! Long! Long!

From afar, the towering doors were as tall as a few hundred light years. They were slowly starting to open up with a rumble. The towering doors radiated dazzling, colorful lights, which made it difficult for Luo Feng and company to look straight at it. An endless oppressive force was spreading out from within Wu Qi Tower.

“Go in,” the single-horned beast true god said.

Chapter 1374 - The Strongest

Warrior

Luo Feng and the other warriors—a total of ten of them from the four armies of World of Jin—looked at one another in the eyes. Then, almost simultaneously, they transformed into streaks of flowing light and headed for the towering doors. Out they flew. Not a single warrior dared to teleport recklessly. After all, the mission to receive a title was at an extremely terrifying level that all of them completely understood.

In Wu Qi Tower, the world on the first level was a vast desert where bouts of cold wind blew. It was frigid, and frost could be faintly seen forming on the grains of sands. Faraway was a lofty space portal.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Ten figures flew in through the space portal and were surveying their surroundings. Thereafter, they gradually descended to stand on the surface of the desert.

“The first level of Wu Qi Tower?” Luo Feng looked around at his surroundings only to see a vast desert. The end was nowhere in sight. Even the faraway space portal had vanished without a trace.

The tall, skinny warrior, Xu Zhong, who was beside Luo Feng, sent a voice transmission. “This Wu Qi Tower is incomparably dangerous. Milky Way, what do you think? Where could the danger be lurking? Could it be under this endless desert?”

Luo Feng shook his head. “I have no idea.”

Ten warriors—a total of six tribal warriors and four beast warriors— all were exercising extreme caution and maintaining great vigilance.

Out of the ten warriors, only two came from the East Army: Luo Feng and Xu Zhong. The two naturally drew closer to one another, whether consciously or subconsciously, so that, in case either met with danger, they could rely on each other to deal with the situation.

Hong!

The quiet peacefulness of the desert was suddenly disrupted by a loud rumble. The impact of the energy waves spread out in all directions. In an instant, it had swept through the entire endless region.

Luo Feng and everyone else could feel the vibrating waves and turned to look. Far away in the sky above the desert, a dazzling beam of light extended downward in a contorted manner, moving fast as lightning. In a matter of seconds, a huge cyan light beam was formed, connecting the desert and the boundless sky above.

“What is that?”

“It seems to contain an extremely strong power.”

The warriors were all filled with doubts.

At that moment, on the upper surface of the cyan light beam that connected the desert to the sky above, many huge black characters suddenly appeared in a distorted manner. In bold black, every character exuded a formidable, murderous intent that wasted no time in penetrating and invading the minds of Luo Feng and every warrior present. It was so powerful that even Luo Feng’s willpower was stirred. Both his eyes reddened slightly, and in his heart, his roaring emotions could not seem to be tamed.

The black characters continued to appear one after another.

This is the passageway that connects the first and second levels of Wu Qi Tower.

Those who enter this passageway will be able to enter the second level of Wu Qi Tower.

You must first kill one warrior before you can enter this passageway.

If you do not kill another warrior, you will never be able to leave this place for eternity… Before those lofty doors open again for the next batch of warriors to enter, warriors who had yet to enter the second level will be annihilated.

Those who hide in battleship treasures to avoid the war shall be considered failed attempts. For them, the final verdict will also be annihilation!

The black characters were suspended in midair, radiating endless, oppressive force.

The murderous intent contained in these characters alone was enough to push every warrior to the limit of his tolerance. Such oppressive force! If it had intended to annihilate some of these warriors, who were merely law masters, one sweep through the crowd would probably have been enough to bring them to annihilation. No one would be able to pull any tricks in Wu Qi Tower; all ten warriors, including Luo Feng, harbored no doubts about its authenticity.

This was why…

“One must kill a warrior to be able to enter the passageway to enter the second level of Wu Qi Tower?” Luo Feng was shocked. “Meaning to say that out of ten warriors, at least five shall die!”

Suddenly, Luo Feng understood why the single-horned beast true god outside had said that half of all warriors from the first three batches had died.

“Kill one? But who to choose?”

Luo Feng’s eyes swept the surroundings.

As all ten warriors had entered together. They were all standing quite near to one another. Everyone was looking around with due vigilance. They were all considering who they should choose as their opponent, since every warrior who had dared to turn up for this mission would be quite extraordinary. If they happened to choose an opponent much stronger than themselves, they would end up being eliminated instead.

Hua!

Soundlessly, the surrounding space was frozen. It seemed to have been done by multiple warriors all at once.

Hong!

Following a wild and raging rumbling sound, one of the warriors made a move, causing the situation—which had previously been kept under control—to erupt instantly.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

One by one, the warriors burst into sudden action, charging toward their individual targets.

“Roar!” An ugly beast with huge scaly wings let out a howl as he charged toward Luo Feng.

“Meet your doom!” said a burly warrior holding a large, fearsome hammer. The hammer was surrounded by endless lightning, and the strength of its power immediately led Luo Feng to the conclusion that this hammer was definitely an automaton type treasure.

Hu!

A beam of black shot swept directly at Luo Feng’s head.

Three warriors were attacking Luo Feng at the same time! Unexpectedly, three warriors had chosen him!

Luo Feng could not help but laugh. It seemed that admitting to the fact that he was a new recruit, when they had all been outside Wu Qi Tower, had indeed brought him some trouble. He had heard it said, “Boldness of execution stems from superb skills,” and this was clearly what the saying meant. He had known that he had skills that would certainly allow him to dominate over these so-called elite warriors. That was why Luo Feng had purposefully dared make such a bold statement.

Sou!

Luo Feng made a speedy retreat.

Hong!

Countless snowflakes suddenly appeared in the surroundings, manifesting in a voluminous amount. This was one of the domain type true god level treasures he had traded for previously, and now, he was using it to suppress and restrain these three warriors who were attacking him.

The moment the three warriors who had deigned to sneak-attack Luo Feng were enshrouded within the domain, he could instantly make out who they were—especially that ghostly one. The first was a beast, the second was a burly warrior, and the third was, unexpectedly, someone who was also from the East Army like himself. It was none other than Xu Zhong!

“Xu Zhong!” Luo Feng sent a furious roar via voice transmission. “You and I are fellow warriors from the East Army. This is just the first level of Wu Qi Tower, and here you are, making a move on me?”

“You are a new recruit!” Xu Zhong shouted coldly. “If I don’t kill you, who else should I kill!”

Hong!

Layers of purple light surrounded Xu Zhong, resisting the countless snowflakes that Luo Feng had forcibly imposed over him. Obviously, this Xu Zhong also had a domain type treasure in his possession.

“Hahaha…!” Luo Feng laughed. He despised warriors like Xu Zhong the most. With a loud roar and a single movement, he transformed into a blurry blade figure. He easily avoided the burly warrior and made a dive for Xu Zhong.

A dodge, followed by a dive. How simple! Yet it was enough to evoke noticeable changes in the expressions of the three warriors besieging Luo Feng. This set of moves not only allowed Luo Feng to easily avoid the burly warrior, but it could even throw the beast far into the distance. A weak fighter may not have been able to notice this, but these were all elite warriors; just one glance and they could tell that this Milky Way had terrifying moves.

“Not good!” Xu Zhong let out a low growl.

Hua!

Layers of white light immediately emerged from his entire being, and, very quickly, he became a white flying beast. The white flying beast shook its pair of wings and soared up high in a straight line to make its escape into the distance.

This caused a slight change in Luo Feng’s expression. “An automaton type treasure, ‘Bib Bird’!”

Bib Bird was an automaton type treasure owned by the East Army. It was extremely skillful in escaping, though it may not have been very adept in other areas, like dodging. It was exceptionally fast when accelerating in a straight line to escape! To trade for it, one would have had to pay 600,000 military credits! It was much more expensive than Golden Claw God, which Luo Feng was using. In the category of escape, it was incomparably impressive.

All Xu Zhong needed was one glimpse at Luo Feng’s simple body movement, and he knew he had been driven up against a wall. With his close-combat technique, Luo Feng had dealt him ten blows, while he had, at most, attacked Luo Feng once. If the situation persisted, Luo Feng would soon be shoving him aside and blocking him out. Seeing that circumstances were to his disadvantage, Xu Zhong had taken out “Bib Bird” right away to immediately make his escape!

“You’re lucky you are fast enough.” Luo Feng snorted with indifference and was no longer concerned with Xu Zhong. He was clearly aware that, with an automaton type treasure like Bib Bird, Xu Zhong would be far too difficult to kill.

Far off in the distance, Bib Bird spread its wings wide and looked in Luo Feng’s direction.

“A new recruit? He is far more powerful than a veteran!” Xu Zhong wore an awful, pained expression. “Is he lying? That can’t be. I know every warrior from Python River Army who has impressive skills other than the new recruits. I don’t know him, so it’s likely he is not lying. He must be a new recruit. But for a mere new recruit to be so impressive… I’m in trouble. Even if I manage to pull through this first ordeal at the first level, I still have the second level, then the third level…”

Xu Zhong was now filled with regrets. What awful foresight he’d had. The single choice he had made would be his greatest misfortune. He had targeted the most powerful warrior of their batch.

Sou! Sou!

Xu Zhong was quick to his escape, while the other two warriors, who also saw the disadvantageous situation they were in, likewise started to make the escape without delay.

The burly warrior with the gigantic lightning hammer gave his body a shake. Unexpectedly, a pair of black wings appeared. Then he speedily flew away with a whistling sound. The beast warrior, on the other hand, was making a slow escape—or at least slow relative to the speed of Xu Zhong and the burly warrior.

“Whose fault is it that you are too slow?” Luo Feng let out a low growl and charged over with ferocity.

Hong!

As Luo Feng was giving chase, slicing through space, his entire being started to transform. In the blink of an eye, he had transformed into an incomparably large and savage humanoid beast. His hands and legs morphed into huge, golden claws.

Automaton type treasure—Golden Claw God! Set ablaze!

His godly power was instantly blazing up to the first stage! Right away, the blazing godly power penetrated Golden Claw God and traveled all the way to its core, where it underwent a change. The powerful golden claws radiated an endlessly wild and ferocious aura.

“No!”

The hideous beast with its scaly, armored wings looked behind it and was instantly dumbstruck. Golden Claw God was closing the distance from behind—and was moving far too fast!

“How could his speed be so fast?”

The beast with the scaly, armored wings felt very troubled. In the first place, why had he not used his military credits to trade for something that could help him escape? He had dared come here because he had an automaton type treasure, but it was one that was used for attack purposes. In terms of attack, he was not the least bit afraid of the other warriors, but seeing how Luo Feng was able to dodge attacks, he knew that he would be bound for failure if he continued battling Luo Feng. He needed to escape!

However, he was unable to escape!

Hong!

With unmatched ferocity, Luo Feng flew toward the beast at such a speed that he produced a whistling sound. High up above, he flew.

With legs like two large blades, Luo Feng sliced through the air with a loud whistle! With both legs, he executed his blade technique, Light of Water and Fire. Although he was only able to execute the first stage of Extermination, his level of secret technique was obviously higher than his opponent; while his blazing godly power was merely comparable to the other party, his dodging ability was much more impressive.

The exchange of blows with Luo Feng had made the scaly, armored beast realize that it had fallen into dire straits. “No!” bellowed the beast.

There was no escape for it at all. It had attacked Luo Feng, who had avoided the attack easily. He had tried to block off Luo Feng, which had caused his power to be greatly reduced. But when Luo Feng attacked him, the beast now realized he might not be able to block off all his attacks.

Hua!

The ferocious, sharp golden claws were like blades. Without hesitation, they slashed at the head of the scaly, armored beast, savagely sending the beast crashing toward the boundless desert.

Hua! Hua!

Luo Feng’s legs were like blades, and with increasing brute strength and cruelty, he pared the scales off the scaly, armored beast one by one.

Chapter 1375 - Alert

Luo Feng was wearing Golden Claw God, and his power surged. He was suppressing the scaled strange beast.

The technique of the scaled strange beast was at level six. It was already impressive for a law master to create a technique at level six. Plus, he knew the first level of godly power-burning techniques; he could wield the power at level seven! Besides, his machine-type valuable was a claw, and it was exceptional at attacks! It could improve the power of attacks by three levels!

Which meant it could wield the power at level ten!

However, it didn’t offer any improvement in defense and evading. That meant the strange beast couldn’t hit Luo Feng, while Luo Feng could easily hit it. Even if it hit Luo Feng, Luo Feng had his own defenses and Golden Claw God to protect him. As a result, he wasn’t injured at all. However, if the strange beast was hit, it would lose a great amount of his godly body.

It wasn’t a balanced battle!

The soldiers were all shocked as they watched. They were the most powerful law masters, who could wield limit-level power. To achieve a breakthrough and become stronger would have been very difficult, which was why there wouldn’t be a large power gap among those law masters. However, that soldier, Milky Way…

“This is incredible. The body technique of that soldier, Milky Way, is incredible. His machine-type valuables are not very efficient.

However, they are all of great help. Once someone is hit, he’ll be crushed.”

“His claw technique is also impressive. Golden Claw God isn’t great at attacks, but Milky Way enhances the power with his claw technique.”

The soldiers all noticed this as they watched them do battle. They understood that they would need to kill each other, since they were required to do so on the first level of Wu Qi Tower and their ultimate goal was to reach the top. Also, it was likely that they fought each other for some additional benefits. They needed to assess the power of the other soldiers now.

All the other soldiers immediately decided, “We must not mess with that soldier Milky Way. We need to stay as far away from him as possible!”

“I wouldn’t have messed with him if I had known he was that powerful,” said Xu Zhong, feeling regretful. “If I had made friends with him, I could have gained his help during the adventures on the following levels of Wu Qi Tower. Then things would have been much easier.”

Hua!

Luo Feng’s right golden claw bent a little. The claws were like blades.

The claw slashed the back of the scaled strange beast, and the beast rolled over. The godly body of the scaled strange beast kept being weakened by the constant attacks. Those gleaming, golden claws were like tumbling waves, slashing the scaled strange beast continuously. The beast lost a large part of its godly body, and its power was already reduced by 80 percent. Naturally, it was being crushed.

“Milky Way, please spare my life!” The scaled strange beast grew exceedingly anxious and began to beg for its life.

Luo Feng didn’t give a damn.

“I am… I am willing to give you all my valuables!” said the scaled strange beast. It was terrified as it didn’t want to die.

“I can still get your valuables if I kill you,” Luo Feng said, transmitting his voice. “Besides, you chose to enter Wu Qi Tower yourself, so you should have prepared for death. You’re much weaker now. Even if I spared your life now, what about the following levels? Do you really think you could survive what still awaits you? Besides, if I don’t kill a soldier, I won’t be able to enter the second level. Then I’ll be annihilated by Wu Qi Tower. I don’t want to die! Plus, even if you survived against me, you wouldn’t be able to kill any other soldiers. You’ll die anyway!”

The scaled strange beast understood. However, it was facing death, and it didn’t want to die like that. It wanted to live as long as it could. As for the dangers in the future? It didn’t care about that.

“I need to kill you to get to level two,” Luo Feng said, his voice cold and steady. This scaled strange beast had attacked him first. If he hadn’t been powerful enough, he would have been killed.

“No!” said the beast in despair.

It couldn’t do anything but watch itself become weaker and weaker. Even if it exploded, the power couldn’t reach level ten. Under attacks like tumbling waves, the scaled strange beast was annihilated!

“It left lots of valuables behind,” said Luo Feng.

He waved his hands and took up all the objects left on the plains. There was a black claw within the objects left behind. It was the machine-type valuable left by the scaled strange beast.

“World of Jin…” said Luo Feng.

“It has the complete ancient civilization, and it’s especially proficient at machine-type valuables!” he exclaimed. “If a universe master can reach level ten with godly power burning techniques and machine-type valuables, it will be as powerful as Teacher Origin in Universe Ocean.”

It was to be expected. Machine-type valuables could greatly improve a law master’s power and could enable him to fight true gods!

Luo Feng took lots of valuables, and he understood that he had been able to kill that scaled strange beast only because he was able to move swiftly and dodge the attacks! He was at a great advantage when it came to dodging, even facing a true god, which had been proven in Nine Smoke Marsh.

“It’s better to kill an elite soldier than to kill ten true gods.” Luo Feng looked around.

On the plains, the wind was still blowing, and there was fighting in several directions. Those soldiers sometimes gave Luo Feng a look.

“They’re all far from me.” Luo Feng couldn’t help shaking his head.

He was planning on killing one or two more soldiers to get more valuables. After all, he had lots of people to take care of—the humans, the earthlings, and even the Luos. They all needed valuables. However, the soldiers all treated him as a huge threat at the moment, so they might have run away if he attempted to make a move.

I’ll wait until the next level, Luo Feng thought. Generally, only 10 percent can survive Wu Qi Tower, yet 50 percent were already killed on the first level! The winners can get valuables, so I’ll kill those winners and get more trophies.

Luo Feng looked around, stopped hesitating, and flew toward the cyan pillar like a streak of light.

Hong!

Luo Feng flew toward that cyan light pillar, and it didn’t stop him.

Hong!

He was like a beam of golden light under the path of the cyan light pillar. He surged and disappeared.

The soldiers were relieved.

“Finally, he entered the second level.”

“Phew! Finally.”

“It’s a good thing.”

If Luo Feng was watching them fight, they would feel anxious; they could clearly tell that they were not at his level.

“We’re all the best elites in the special armies, so there shouldn’t be any beings significantly stronger than us. Why is Milky Way is so much stronger? Especially his close combat techniques? How come? Even true gods don’t have body techniques like that.”

After Luo Feng left, they all returned to fighting each other in groups.

Luo Feng had killed the strange beast very quickly. But contrary to Luo Feng, the rest of them took a long time to finish the battle.

Luo Feng felt that time and space were twisted. The dimming light was blurry, and he showed up in a new place from the cyan light pillar.

“Huh?”

Luo Feng looked around. It was a dark red land. There were fissures across the ground, and red fluids flowed beneath, venting steam that burst from the cracks. The sky was covered by dark clouds.

“Five soldiers?” Luo Feng looked into the distance. There were five soldiers, and all five stayed far from each other. Apparently, they were on high alert. “The former group?” Luo Feng moved his mind.

“New soldiers have arrived,” said a handsome teenager in dark red armor. He smiled. The color of his armor perfectly matched the shade of the ground.

“Why? Why are you waiting for the next round?” asked Luo Feng.

The teenager in dark red armor smiled all the more, yet his eyes glinted ferociously. “When we arrived, Wu Qi Tower told us that each round requires ten soldiers, and only five of the soldiers from our group survived. So we’re waiting for you.”

Luo Feng nodded. Three groups of soldiers had already entered before him. There were 13 soldiers in three groups, so there should have been 15 who survived—unless there were unexpected circumstances.

“How will the second level of Wu Qi Tower test us?” asked Luo Feng.

The soldiers answered.

“Don’t know,” said one.

“We don’t know either,” answered another.

“You’re the first to arrive. It seems you’re the strongest in your group.”

“Just luck,” said Luo Feng.

“What about the other soldiers?” asked the teenager in the red armor.

“They’ll be here in a minute,” Luo Feng said with a smile.

Only after half an hour later, the soldiers arrived, and they arrived at almost the same time.

Sou!

As soon as Xu Zhong arrived, his “Bib Bird” turned, opened its wings, and flew away. He looked around and saw Luo Feng in the distance. All four soldiers tried to stay as far away from Luo Feng as possible, and the other five soldiers noted their reaction. It was evident that these four soldiers were very wary of the one who had arrived before them!

“He intimidates so many elite soldiers.”

“We need to be wary of him.”

The soldiers from the last group were all shocked.

At that moment…

Hong!

Ten light pillars fell from the sky, covering all the soldiers.

Chapter 1376 - The Leader of

Godly King Valley

The ten light pillars moved so fast that Luo Feng and the other ten soldiers didn’t even get a chance to dodge them. They were immediately enveloped completely.

A voice resounded around Luo Feng and the other nine soldiers.

“This is the second floor of Wu Qi Tower,” it said. “You’ll all be transported to a miniature world, and you’ll be attacked there. All you need to do is to survive all the attacks in that small world. The previous group of soldiers have rested for a long time, so their godly bodies have recovered. As for the group of soldiers who just arrived, recover your godly bodies as quickly as possible. You’ll be transported in succession. Those who hide in the spaceship to avoid the fight will be annihilated.”

And then, followed by a tremble in space and time, the teenager in dark red armor and the other four soldiers were quickly transported to a remote place on the red ground. The soldiers were scattered, and they were all trapped in miniature worlds measuring around 100 million square feet in diameter.

“We need to recover our godly bodies as soon as possible.”

“Quick.”

“Recover.”

Luo Feng and the other four were looking around, relaxed. They quickly used the valuables they carried to recover their godly bodies. It took time for the valuables to take effects. They had been transported here immediately after completing battle on the first floor. They couldn’t stay on the first floor. Fortunately, Wu Qi Tower was designed with this in mind, so they could have enough time to use the valuables they had to recover their godly bodies.

The teenager in the dark red armor looked around. He was in a small world with a diameter of 100 million kilometers.

Hong! Long!

A giant, ancient engraving picture with a diameter of 100 million kilometers appeared in the sky bearing engravings of all kinds of colors. Together, they formed the engraving picture just above the ground. Light shot out of the ancient engraving picture, followed by a rumbling noise!

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The light lashed out recklessly! The teenager in the dark red armor held a silver blade and used it to resist the light shooting toward him, but the shock waves absorbed by the blade blasted him away, and he rolled over in the sky.

Countless beams of light plunged from the ancient engraving picture. Many were fired at him even as he was rolling over.

“Too powerful. Each beam of light is as powerful as an attack from a true god. I need machine type valuables.”

The teenager in the dark armor was scared, and circular engravings showed up under his feet. The silver engravings wound around his feet and extended to his whole body. The teenager in the dark red armor sped up so that he wouldn’t be blasted away by the beams of light.

There were five soldiers in five different miniature worlds. All the soldiers were being attacked in the miniature worlds.

Luo Feng and the other five soldiers watched. Luo Feng remained silent, while the other four soldiers were conversing, sometimes glancing at Luo Feng.

“It seems that the small worlds aren’t that dangerous.”

“It’s much better than the first floor of Wu Qi Tower. The first floor requires soldiers to fight each other, so at least half of them die. The soldiers are instead required to fight in the miniature worlds on the second level… Perhaps most of them can live.”

Luo Feng stared at the five small worlds in the distance. Indeed, ancient engraving pictures kept making attacks in those five small worlds, yet the attacks were only as powerful as ordinary true gods. With machine type valuables, those five soldiers couldn’t easily resist them.

Can it be that the second floor is easier because too many died on the first floor? Luo Feng wondered.

Soon, Luo Feng realized he was wrong!

“It’s indeed a handful, but it’s not that difficult to survive this.”

Just as the five soldiers in those small worlds began to feel relaxed, resisting the attacks, the earth suddenly started to tremble.

Hong! Long! Long!

The ground of the five small worlds started to tremble. Crimson liquid burst out of the cracks. The blazing fluids forced the five soldiers to fly up, not daring to land.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The blazing fluids kept gathering. After a while, they formed a towering, dark red giant! As fluids started to clot on its surface, it transformed from a liquid giant to a rock giant! Hot liquid still flowed across its body.

Hou!

All five dark red giants looked up. Crimson fluids kept burst from the cracks, being drawn into the bodies of the dark red giants.

Hong! Long! Long!

The skies of those five miniature worlds kept making attacks below, and many beams of light struck the dark red giants. However, with each hit, only a portion of the rocks was blasted off, and those rocks quickly transformed into crimson fluids that reattached itself to the giants’ bodies.

Followed by the rumbling roar, the five dark red giants raced toward the soldiers. Some stomped across the ground with their enormous feet while others raced toward them on their rocky fists. The soldiers were all blasted away immediately.

“No!”

“Those giants are too powerful.”

“They’re doomed.”

Luo Feng and the other four soldiers, who were still recovering their godly bodies in the distance, were shocked. They could tell what a sinister world those five soldiers were trapped in.

The dark red rock giants were definitely as powerful as true gods! Though those rock giants didn’t have armor to protect themselves, the supply of crimson liquid was endless, so they could quickly recover even if they were injured. They were truly invincible.

And they were not the only enemies the soldiers had—the beams of light kept raining down! The soldiers had barely been able to dodge the beams of light before. But now, they were also being attacked by the rock giants, too. Under such an assault, they couldn’t dodge the light any longer, and they were hit continuously.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

They kept being hit by the beams of light, and they were all flustered. If they tried to dodge the lights, they would be attacked by the giants.

The light kept coming down, and the rock giants were bellowing! The godly power of the rock giants was being quickly consumed.

The five soldiers who were watching in the miniature worlds all looked solemn. The first five despaired. There were dangers everywhere. It wasn’t that those soldiers were weak. Instead, the miniature worlds were quite hazardous.

“What should we do?”

“We might face the same level of dangers! Countless beams of light raining down, and we need to deal with the rock giants… What can we do? If we try to dodge the light, we won’t be able to defend against the rock giants. If we try to defend against the rock giants, we’ll be hit by the light. Our godly bodies will be quickly consumed, so we may not survive.”

All the other soldiers grew nervous. Luo Feng, on the other hand, remained calm. He also looked solemn.

Those are nothing to me, he thought. But will there be more dangers after the ancient engraving picture and the rock giant? Will there be a third or even a fourth danger?

He wasn’t overly worried about the rock giant and the ancient engraving picture. He was worried that there would be more dangers. No matter how powerful he was, his strength wasn’t limitless.

“Usually, one out of ten soldiers who enters Wu Qi Tower survives. I can be the one.”

Luo Feng nodded and looked on with concentration.

Wu Qi Tower was the tallest building in Godly King Valley. Near Wu Qi Tower was a three-story silver ancient palace, and a large group of true gods guarded the palace. It was also the power center of Godly King Valley.

On the third floor of the silver palace were four gigantic thrones in the vast hall. On the far-left throne was a huge cloud of black mist. The black mist was shaking as it shrouded most of the throne. The form of the throne was blurry, and wicked force emanated from the black mist. The other three thrones were empty.

Hua!

A screen of light appeared in the sky of the palace, displaying the scenes from the second floor. It showed how desperate the five soldiers were.

“Useless.” A sign came from the black mist. “They’re useless. These soldiers are useless! How long will it take before the peerless genius desired by His Majesty the Godly King shows up?”

It was one of the four leaders of Godly King Valley. Even though it was only a true god of void space, it had been sealed by His Majesty the Godly King. As a sealed great being, it could easily annihilate the leader of North True Ocean even though they were both true gods of void space.

“Too weak,” it said. “Useless. This is only the second floor! There were elite soldiers who performed better than them, yet none of them succeeded. As for this group, they don’t have any hope.”

Another sigh came from the cloud of black mist. The World of Jin was the world of His Majesty the Godly King, and Godly King Valley was where he lived.

The valley was actually entirely free of dangers, so there was no need for guards. The fact that was stationed here proved that His Majesty the Godly King trusted it. Its real purpose was to find a peerless being who could succeed at entering the ninth floor of Wu Qi Tower.

“It’s been too long,” said the ancient voice. “This is the only task His Majesty the Godly King gave us. So far, we still haven’t done it yet. If someone can actually make it to the top, I’m willing to die for it.” The voice was full of regrets for Majesty of Godly King as it whispered, “Is it that the competition within the World of Jin isn’t enough? Should it be crueler?”

On the screen, the next five soldiers were also transported to their respective miniature worlds.

Chapter 1377 - Awakening

The vast world on the second level of Wu Qi Tower was a dark red piece of land filled with hot air that soared sky-high. Even neutron stars from Universe Ocean might have been instantly burned to naught the moment they entered this land.

There were five regions with five miniature worlds.

“Roar! Roar! Roar!”

Five dark red rock giants were being tyrannical beyond reason as they went on a rampage, hitting five warriors and reducing them to a sorry state.

In the distance, Luo Feng and the other four warriors watched in silence. There was worry in the eyes of the other four warriors.

“Rock giants are simply indestructible. We must try our best to buy ourselves time.”

The other four warriors were thinking of solutions to deal with their predicament. They had just undergone a round of fighting on the first level and did not have as much time to rest compared to the first five warriors. They took a short rest off to the side, where they could see in advance the dangers that could be found on the second level. This was also a form of compensation.

About half an hour later, after the previous batch of five warriors struggled through a tough round of fighting…

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Luo Feng and the other four warriors could feel the vibrations in their surrounding time and space. Then they were speedily being transmitted elsewhere.

Luo Feng felt the distortion of time and space in his surroundings as though he was being transmitted through a wormhole. When everything within his surroundings had stabilized, he had already entered a miniature world.

“Transportation only gives us such a short period of rest. But it also allows us to know the danger beforehand, which seems like a fair exchange.” Luo Feng looked up toward the sky.

Up in the sky, amidst the layers of dark clouds, a gigantic, ancient diagram of secret engravings appeared. The diagram of secret engravings was beautiful beyond words—so mysterious that it was unfathomable—and it enshrouded the entire miniature world Luo Feng was in.

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

The ancient diagram of secret engravings was like a massive battleship with numerous gun barrels pointing downward and pouring out endless rays of light. Every ray was comparable to an attack from a true god! Fortunately, this was merely a test to hone and train skills, which was why those rays were spread over the entire region. If they had all been concentrated on one area, the combined attack of billions of rays would have been overpowering; even an eternal true god would not dare put up any resistance.

From this, it could be seen how extraordinary this Wu Qi Tower, left behind by His Majesty the Godly King, truly was.

“Huh?” Luo Feng looked up into the sky. Blood Ghost Blade, which was a stone blade slung across his back, was instantly unsheathed.

“Dang!”

Blood Ghost Blade warded off the attack from a streak of light. Luo Feng retreated six steps back in succession, and six large footsteps were imprinted on the ground where he trod. A short moment later —

“I have blocked off nine streaks of flowing light. All are of different colors but carry the same amount of power.”

In his mind, Luo Feng had come to an accurate assessment. He took a brief look at the ancient diagram of secret engravings, chuckled to himself, and then looked down at the vast land beneath.

“You rock giants… Hurry up and appear soon. Otherwise, I would have to use up a fair bit of my godly power just to deal with this ancient diagram of secret engravings.”

Luo Feng made a mental move of intention. “Golden Claw God!”

Hong!

Luo Feng’s appearance underwent an instant transformation. As an automaton type treasure, Golden Claw God could change color as it pleased, and so Luo Feng was transformed into a black, humanoid monster in an instant. His godly power was blazing up to facilitate the emergence of Golden Claw God, which instantly caused Luo Feng’s speed, defense, resistance, attack, and various aspects to soar by two levels.

Luo Feng was reluctant to execute Extermination. The moment he did so, his godly power would be quickly drained. Coping with a crisis at this level, the amount of power he had under such a circumstance was adequate.

Hong! Long! Long!

The earth trembled, and Luo Feng rose up into the air immediately while looking down. From the depths of the numerous gigantic cracks found on the surface of the ground, a scorching crimson-red liquid was continuously erupting, rising up in surging, flowing tides. The great amount of the liquid was rapidly converging to condense into a huge, liquified monster. Then the crimson-red, liquified form rapidly condensed further. Eventually, a dark red rock giant was formed! The crimson-red liquid continued surging in to keep the rock giant replenished.

“Roar!” The dark red rock giant tilted its head backward and let out a roar, then immediately charged toward Luo Feng.

“Great timing,” said Luo Feng, revealing a hint of a smile.

Thrusting hard with his feet, he left a huge claw print in the burning ground. Golden Claw God Luo Feng also charged toward the dark red rock giant head-on. In terms of volume, Golden Claw God Luo Feng maintained a height of 10,000 kilometers, and he was in the state that allowed him to unleash his greatest potential, while the dark red rock giant was close to 200,000 kilometers tall. Golden Claw God Luo Feng merely reached waist-level of that rock giant.

Hong!

The rock giant let out a deafening roar. Soon after, a huge, rocky fist like a mountain peak came flashing toward Golden Claw God Luo Feng’s face.

Shu!

Luo Feng’s figure transformed as if he meant to dodge the blow. The fist followed Luo Feng’s transformations closely, giving chase to deal its intended strike. This punch felt as though it could envelop everything between heaven and earth, denying Luo Feng any chance of escape.

“This Wu Qi Tower that His Majesty the Godly King built,” said Golden Claw King Luo Feng. “Even any random creature that is formed by condensing energy can possess such a subtle fist technique.”

Golden Claw King Luo Feng sighed inwardly. At the moment, he was like a gigantic blade figure and had changed course three times almost instantaneously. That didn’t seem like much. However, to truly attain the ultimate level of his technique, changing course as many times as possible would mean that he had yet to accomplish that level. Ideally, a one-time change in direction should have caused his opponent’s attack to fall short of the target. That was truly impressive! In Nine Smoke Marsh, Luo Feng had been able to easily evade the attack of a true god. But in the face of this red rock giant, he had to change course three times in succession in order to dodge a single punch.

Hua!

As he was dodging, Golden Claw God Luo Feng’s sharp claws deliberately touched the rock giant’s arm, causing the rock giant’s huge form to sway in an unstable manner. Golden Claw God Luo Feng immediately seized the opportunity to hide beside the rock giant.

Hong!

A substantial amount of endless flowing lights descending from the ancient diagram of secret engravings high in the sky and bombarded the rock giant’s body, but none managed to hit Luo Feng.

“Roar!” The rock giant turned around to attack Luo Feng.

“The moment I am within close range, you can rest assured that I will make full use of you as my shield,” said Golden Claw God Luo Feng.

Golden Claw God Luo Feng was like a ghost. Every move he made seemed to be in a linear manner, yet he changed courses several times at lightning speed, leaving the dark red rock giant befuddled as he ran circles around it! The rock giant bellowed. At times, it would turn around suddenly; at other times, it would mindlessly swing its fists in all directions! There were even times when its fists transformed back into the crimson-red liquid to attempt to enshroud and contain Luo Feng.

In short, it was attempting many approaches. Yet Golden Claw God Luo Feng persisted in pestering the rock giant, circling the surroundings and utilizing it as his shield. Not a single one of the descending flowing lights from high above was able to strike Golden Claw God Luo Feng anymore. He would rather exchange occasional blows with the rock giant than be bombarded even once by those flowing lights.

“From how I see it, the rock giant is no trouble at all. On the contrary, it is a great help. With it around, I can consider myself covered by a huge shield. By using this shield, I can easily hide from the attacks of all those flowing lights.”

Luo Feng was executing that terrifying body technique of his to his heart’s content, dodging when he could and borrowing strength when he should. There was simply no way he could be stopped or blocked.

He would never insist on a fight against the rock giant because he was well aware that a rock giant would speedily recover even if it got hurt in battle. It was an undying life form in every sense. If he were to insist on recklessly fighting it, he would only be speeding up the consumption of his godly power.

Besides, at the moment, he was not executing Extermination. He stuck with dodging as his main strategy. Against those descending lights from high above, he had the rock giant as his shield. And Luo Feng’s godly power was being consumed at an extremely slow rate.

Godly King Valley. Within the silver-gray palace beside Wu Qi Tower, on the third level.

Within the hall, a suspended screen was displaying the scenes of internal battles within the ten major miniature worlds. The current circumstances of all ten warriors were shown very clearly. Within the hall, there were four thrones. The one on the far left was enshrouded by a gigantic cloud of black mist. Suddenly, that throne started to tremble.

From within the black mist, a voice spoke. “Body technique…”

Hua!

The magnified scene of the current miniature world instantly shrank while the scene of another miniature world grew in size to occupy almost 90 percent of the screen. Within the scene of that miniature world, the being that was engaged in battle with a dark red rock giant was none other than Luo Feng!

“This body technique… It’s so—it’s so…”

The black mist commander seemed to be extremely shocked. As one of the four major commanders of Godly King Valley, he had overseen generations of selections of Wu Qi Tower and had seen countless elite warriors. But this was truly the first time it had witnessed something like this—such a terrifying display of a body technique!

This was, however, merely formidable in terms of body techniques; it did not represent all other aspects as being equally formidable. The ability to reach such a level might not imply that this warrior was equally superior in other aspects, but he surely had surpassed many elite warriors.

“Such a warrior! How is it possible that none of the other four generals mentioned a word about him to me at all? He is definitely an important seed. A most important seed that His Majesty the Godly King would need. And yet, the list of names submitted to me did not bear the name of this warrior.”

The black mist commander exclaimed this last sentence in a furious voice. His purpose in staying in Godly King Valley for countless years was to seek the one important, peerless character that His Majesty the Godly King required.

“Warrior Milky Way? Python River Army? Oh… So, he just joined the army. No wonder the four generals did not mention anything about him. He just entered the army, and yet he is here to carry out a mission to receive a title. It appears he has absolute confidence. Milky Way? Milky Way?” Black Mist commander’s voice contained a hint of delight. “You three other fellows! Time to wake up from your deep slumber! Hurry over! Hurry over!”

His rumbling voice penetrated the entire silver-gray palace and reached a great depth underground. There, the other three commanders were deep in slumber. The commanders of Godly King Valley did not have many responsibilities, so the four commanders would usually assign one to preside over the general situation of Godly King Valley and also to overlook all general matters of the entire Godly King Sector. When unique circumstances arose, the other three commanders would be summoned.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Three extremely powerful auras arose, which caught the handful of true god guards within the Godly King Valley by surprise.

On the third level, within the hall of the silver-gray palace, there were four thrones. The far-left one was enshrouded in black mist. The second throne to the left was occupied by a beautiful lady garbed in a suit of silver armor. Her gaze seemed to be the origin of all light, and under her watchful eye, it would be like bathing under the warmest lights. One could unknowingly fall into a world of light.

Seated beside her was a tall, burly commander with blood-colored armor. This commander wore a helmet sporting nine sharp silver horns that resembled machetes and exuded an overbearing air of arrogance.

Entrenched on the far right was a scaly-armored beast that was black all over. This scaly-armored beast had two faces, and each face only had one eye. At that moment, one of its eyes was open while the eye on the other face was shut. The wide-open eye was entirely black and seemed to absorb everything. It exuded an immeasurably intense, murderous aura.

A voice was heard resounding from the black mist. “Quickly. The three of you, take a look. Look at that warrior controlling the Golden Claw God.”

Chapter 1378 - Endless Hope

The other three leaders who had just woken up from a long sleep were all staring at the floating screen of light. They were full of expectations. After all, His Majesty the Godly King had given them an order, which was to find someone who could reach the top of Wu Qi Tower. They’d been waiting for this for a long time.

“Huh?”

“This soldier…”

“He’s riding Golden Claw God, and based on its speed, that soldier has never used the godly power-burning technique.” All those three leaders kept observing Luo Feng on the screen. As for the other nine soldiers, the leaders glanced at them and ignored them.

They had seen many elite soldiers in all this time, and their attention only would be drawn when there were soldiers who were powerful enough. They kept watching.

Time passed, and the three leaders were silent.

“Brilliant body technique!” said one of the towering leaders in sanguine armor. “He has many ingenious techniques. He’s only a law master, yet he created such techniques, and he’s proficient. He’s literally playing with the rock giant during the combat.”

Little did he know that Luo Feng had fought many great beings in the space of inheritance for perfecting his body techniques, and he had even fought the three ancestral teachers many times. Under such pressure, it was easy for him to fight the stupid rock giant.

Even eternal true gods in the World of Jin were qualified to engage in trial battles with beings like three ancestral teachers.

“Even I am moved,” said the towering leader.

“You’re an eternal true god!”

“You’re an eternal true god! Even you are moved?” said one of the other three leaders.

When His Majesty the Godly King left, all four leaders were sealed true gods of void space. After a long period of time, one of them became an eternal true god. However, based on the order of His Majesty the Godly King, all four leaders had responsibilities, so they couldn’t leave the World of Jin at all.

All four generals were eternal true gods, but they couldn’t leave the World of Jin either. After His Majesty the Godly King left, some eternal true gods had been born, and they had left World of Jin one by one. However, none of them had come back.

All four leaders were amazed by Luo Feng’s body technique. If the body technique had been performed by a true god of void space, they wouldn’t have been amazed at all, but it was performed by a law master! The comprehension between law masters and true gods of void space were at completely different levels… They had never seen a law master who was able to do that!

“He has the best technique out of all the candidates we’ve seen since we started to guard Godly King Valley.”

“He has an excellent body technique! And he’s great at other techniques as well,” said one of the other four leaders.

The towering leader said, “Perhaps it’s likely that he’ll be able to reach the top of Wu Qi Tower!”

The other three leaders immediately went quiet. They were all solemn, and the atmosphere was grave. They all stared at the screen. Accomplishing the dream of His Majesty the Godly King was more important to them than becoming eternal true gods—even more important than their own lives!

On the second floor of Wu Qi Tower, in those ten miniature universes on the dark red ground.

The first five soldiers all looked in despair as lots of their godly bodies were consumed. Although the second five soldiers also looked embarrassed, they had only been in the miniature worlds for a short period of time, so they looked much better. As for Luo Feng, he looked completely fine. After all, ever since being transported to the miniature worlds, his godly body hadn’t been consumed at all. He hadn’t even performed the first level of Duan Mie yet.

With Golden Claw God, his power was much stronger, so he was perfectly capable of fighting true gods easily.

“The first five soldiers lost much of their godly bodies. Though they’re still alive, some of them will die in no time.” Golden Claw God Luo Feng glanced around the nine miniature worlds in the distance. Only he was able to take a peek around at a crucial moment like this.

“Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!” All five of them suddenly started to scream in agony. All five dark red rock giants in the miniature universes at the front started to scream with madness!

The screaming of the rock giants was much different from the bellowing before. Not only did it sound odd, but it could also affect someone’s soul! Even the soldiers in other miniature worlds were affected. Luo Feng and the other four soldiers from the same group couldn’t help looking into the distance.

Following the mournful screaming, all five soldiers from the first group panicked as they sensed that dangers were coming.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Out of nowhere, a giant rock hand extended out of a crack beside the rock giant, and there were burning fluids surrounding it. There were four giant rock hands, and each was at least a million kilometers wide. Attached to those giant rock hands were thick arms. They showed up out of nowhere and the grasped for the elite soldiers.

“Ah!” One of the elite soldiers with a tattoo on his face tried to dodge it, but half of his godly body was grabbed by that giant rock hand.

The giant rock hand held the soldier tightly.

The ancient engraving picture kept diving, and lots of flowing light was poured from it, giving the soldiers much less time to dodge it.

Hou!

The dark red rock giant roared as it hit the soldier with its fist.

Peng!

That soldier who was hit was in anguish.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

He was being grasped and struck at the same time, which constantly consumed his godly body.

“Break! Break! Break!” The soldier kept fighting, and he even tried to use his godly hammer with his godly power, and he finally broke out of that giant rock hand right before the rock giant tried to hit him with its fist again. However, he had already lost a great deal of his godly power.

Hua!

Suddenly, another giant rock hand burst out of the crack. All of a sudden, all five soldiers were crumbling. It was a real life-or-death situation for them! And they were being crushed!

Under the combined attacks of the giant rock hands, the dark red rock giants, and the ancient engraving pictures, the soldiers didn’t have enough time to react to the attacks; they were all on the verge of collapse.

The other four soldiers in Luo Feng’s group all panicked.

“No!”

“We’re in deep trouble!”

“Those five soldiers are suffering from the combined attacks, and soon, we’ll be them.”

Golden Claw God Luo Feng was contemplating. Apparently, four giant rock hands showed up at the same time, and they’re around the dark red giant! Besides, the engraving picture is descending…

Luo Feng immediately realized that it was dangerous. Those four giant rock hands alone were not a threat. However, once the soldiers were captured, the rock giant would be able to ravage them however they wanted. Fortunately, there were only four giant rock hands.

What should I do? he wondered. Without any signs, the four giant rock hands showed up! Without any signs! What should I do about them?

Luo Feng was nervous. If the ancient engraving picture hadn’t been declining, he would certainly have flown higher so that he could dodge those rock hands. Instead, the ancient engraving picture was declining, giving the soldiers less and less time to dodge the flowing light and making it difficult for them to fly into the sky.

“They must be kept at bay!” Luo Feng shook his head. “Some of the soldiers will die for sure!”

They were indeed in a hopeless situation! With the ancient engraving picture descending, it was more and more difficult for the five soldiers to survive.

Countless streaks of light kept striking below, and the engraving picture was dropping, hitting the soldiers over and over. The power contained in each streak of light could rival that of a true god.

“Huge hand! Rock giant! And an engraving picture!”

The space kept being narrowed, and it was difficult to dodge the rock hand. Soldiers in the first group were all burning their power and screaming, performing the best techniques they had to dodge those attacks. They would try anything just to stay alive longer.

“No! No! No!” A strange beast with twelve wings was suddenly seized by the rock hands. The dark red rock giant started to pound the strange beast with twelve wings. With a wail, the strange beast with twelve wings was annihilated, and all that was left were armors and valuables.

The dark red giant raised its head and roared, excited.

Hua!

The rock giant and the rock hands all turned into crimson fluid and slipped into the cracks in the ground. The armor of the dead strange beast soldiers also fell into the cracks.

The miniature world disappeared. Only nine miniature worlds were left on the second floor.

The other four soldiers from the former group were still struggling.

“It still hasn’t ended?”

“It should’ve stopped now.”

“I’ve lost most of my power. If it goes on, I won’t be able to hold it.”

The other four soldiers were all anxious. To law masters, losing a small part meant a tumble in power. Godly power would only be slowly consumed at the start of the battle, yet as the battle went on, godly bodies would be consumed at a much faster pace. The more godly bodies were consumed, the more godly power would be lost. It was a vicious circle!

Everyone was in a panic.

The soldiers from Luo Feng’s group were all apprehensive as well.

“We have to save our godly power.”

“Otherwise, we won’t be able to survive the second floor.”

Just as they were feeling apprehensive…

“Ao! Ao! Ao! Ao! Ao!” Five shrill voices drilled into the souls of those five soldiers.

The other four soldiers in Luo Feng’s group were horrified.

“Why so soon?”

“We arrived much later than them.”

They had been transported to the miniature worlds half an hour later than the former group, yet the ultimate nightmare arrived only ten minutes later.

Hong! Long!

Luo Feng surged and looked at the sky. That enormous ancient engraving picture kept falling down.

The dark red rock giant also rose, following Luo Feng. Its job was to kill him.

Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua!

Each of the rocky palms was a million kilometers wide, and the arms were exceedingly long. They extended and tried to seize Luo Feng, but he flew into the sky in advance. With a buffer of time, he could easily dodge the giant rock hand.

In that ancient palace, the four sealed leaders from Godly King Valley, one eternal true god, and three true gods of void space were all staring at the screen, looking forward to seeing how Luo Feng performed on the second floor of Wu Qi Tower.

Chapter 1379 - The Final

Deathtrap

Watching the screen, the leaders could see Golden Claw God Luo Feng easily dodge the giant hands. He was toying with that dark red rock giant; those beams of light couldn’t even touch him.

However, as the ancient engraving kept diving and the distance grew shorter, Luo Feng found it harder to dodge all the attacks. He was hit from time to time.

“Duan Mie! The first level of burning godly power!” Luo Feng couldn’t help it.

The four leaders smiled as they watched Luo Feng on the screen.

“Hahaha… This soldier Milky Way finally starts to perform the godly power burning technique.”

“He’s so patient that he has just now started the technique.”

“As a soldier from the special army, he must know the first level of godly power burning from the basic inheritance.”

After performing the godly power burning technique, Luo Feng’s attacks, defense, and speed were immediately improved. Everything became easy for him again! It was a piece of cake for him to handle the rock hand, the dark red rock giant, and the traces of light—all at the same time!

After several minutes, the ancient engraving kept diving. It almost touched Luo Feng, forcing him to fly down a bit. He couldn’t linger close to it. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to dodge the beams of flowing light.

The leaders spoke up one by one.

“The second floor is nothing to that soldier Milky Way.”

“That’s right. Although he might suffer some losses at the final moment, his godly body has barely been consumed. It has no effects on him.”

In the miniature worlds on the second floor of Wu Qi Tower…

“It still hasn’t ended yet?”

The teenager in the dark red armor was trying his best to run away. The engraving picture was only a million kilometers away from the ground now, so he couldn’t fly high. The giant rocky hand from the cracks couldn’t easily seize him.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The teenager kept getting hit by the flowing light, yet he didn’t care whatsoever. It was impossible for him to dodge the flowing light, and all his attention was focused below.

Hua!

The rock hand rushed out. The armored teenager tried to dodge it but realized he wasn’t fast enough.

“No!” said the teenager as the palm, which was one million kilometers wide, reached out, extending a portion of it out of the crack. “I’ve lost too much of my godly body, and my power’s been significantly weakened. I can’t dodge it even if I try.”

The armored teen felt pitiful. !t the same time, he controlled his weapon to internally attack that rock hand.

Hou!

The dark red rock giant rushed toward the armored teen and slapped him relentlessly. He was slapped 20 times instantly!

Sou!

Finally, he fled out of the giant, rocky hand. Yet the light started to fall on him.

“I can’t…” The armored teen could feel his godly body quickly growing weaker and weaker.

Peng!

The giant hand burst out of the crack again. Before it could even touch the armored teen, he was annihilated by the flowing light. Only pieces of armor and machine type valuables were left. Another soldier had died.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Half a minute after the armor teen died, three surviving soldiers had their miniature worlds dissipated, and the rock giants were reduced to crimson fluids and flowed back to the cracks. The soldiers who survived were all dazed.

“Ha! I’m still alive! Still alive!”

“I was in despair!”

“Finally, it ended!”

“If I had stayed there one second more, I would have been dead.”

The three soldiers who survived were overjoyed. They had been through hell to survive the miniature worlds. The best of them only had one-tenth of his power remaining, and the weakest had less than one-one-thousandth of his power left, which meant he would have died if he had stayed there any longer. But the three of them had ultimately survived.

The three soldiers immediately recovered from their rapture.

“What should we do? Our godly bodies couldn’t be weaker, and we’re more fragile than ever! This is only the second floor of Wu Qi Tower! There’s still the third floor, fourth floor, and fifth floor… How are we going to survive those?”

“That’s right… We’re already so weak.”

The three soldiers were all worried.

“We’re not the only ones who are weak! It’s a fair game… Perhaps Wu Qi Tower will provide us with some valuables to recover our godly bodies.”

“What do you mean by ‘not the only ones’? Look at that soldier from Python River Army! He’s still suppressing the dark red rock giant.”

A soldier pointed into the distance, and the other two soldiers followed his gesture. The soldiers from the next group, especially Luo Feng, were still at the peak of their power.

“After performing the first level of burning godly power, he can even suppress that dark red rock giant. He often uses that dark red rock giant as a shield to block the flowing light and the giant rock hand.”

“How can he be so powerful?”

The three soldiers who survived exclaimed their surprise. All of a sudden…

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Three light pillars arrived and covered the three soldiers. They immediately disappeared.

“They’re being transported to the third floor?” Luo Feng glanced around. “Two of the five died, and the other three are extra weak. This may be the case for my group as well…”

With the ancient engraving picture falling, the soldiers in Luo Feng’s group suffered even worse. Eventually, soldiers began to die. There were also three soldiers from Luo Feng’s group who survived.

“I’ve survived!”

“Haha! I’ve survived!”

The other two soldiers were thrilled, but they both kept their distance when they saw Luo Feng.

Luo Feng glanced at the thin Xu Zhong and chuckled, “He’s lucky enough to still be alive.”

Xu Zhong was terrified and regretful. He knew that Milky Way was on to him.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Three light pillars appeared, covered Luo Feng and the other two, and transported them away.

The third floor of Wu Qi Tower was a vast plain. Luo Feng and the other two soldiers appeared on it.

“The fourth group has arrived.”

“Both the third and the fourth group have three left.”

Luo Feng looking into the distance. He saw beings in the distant. Some of them were soldiers, while some were strange beasts. There were many of them; 11 soldiers were on the plain.

11 soldiers? Luo Feng thought. Six survived from the third and the fourth groups. The other five must be from the first and the second groups. The third floor of Wu Qi Tower requires all the soldiers to gather together?

Luo Feng observed them carefully. Suddenly, the survivors from the third and the fourth group were all terrified. They teleported and tried to stay away, sealing the space ripples around them.

“Huh?”

“What?”

The survivors from the first and the second groups were all dazed. It was clear that the soldier before them was apparently on a whole different level than the other soldiers. They were scared by no more than a look from him.

“We need to stay away from him as well.”

“All of them are trying to stay away from him. That soldier from Python River Army must be terrific.”

The survivors from the first and the second groups didn’t know Luo Feng’s power, but they were careful enough to stay away from him and seal the space ripples around them.

Luo Feng shook his head and smiled.

Time flew, and on the sixth day, another round of soldiers arrived. There were two of them. After a short while, the sixth group of soldiers arrived, and there were three of them.

Two months passed. 38 soldiers had already gathered on the plain on the third floor of Wu Qi Tower. Some of the new soldiers were friends of the soldiers in the first four groups, and they soon learned how terrific the soldier from Python River Army was. Most tried to stay away from him, yet some were confident enough not to.

“He’s only a tribal warrior, yet you’re all so terrified of him,” a giant plant life form said with resent. There were colorful flowers on its body, and on the largest flower were several eyes and mouths. “I killed tens of thousands of tribal warriors before I joined the army.” The plant life looked at Luo Feng with blatant provocation.

“Your godly body is almost 100 million kilometers tall,” said one of the soldiers from afar. “Of course you don’t need to fear him.”

Luo Feng didn’t care whatsoever about the emotions of those around him. He was just standing there.

Finally, two more soldiers arrived, and something happened in the world of the plains.

Hong! Long!

A whirlpool that looked like ripples of water appeared in the sky. All 40 soldiers who had survived looked to the sky.

Weng!

Space and time trembled. All 40 soldiers, no matter where they were, were transported directly under the giant whirlpool.

Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua!

Screens of light fell from the whirlpool in the sky. They covered an area with a diameter of one billion kilometers, separating it from the outside world entirely. The diameter of the whirlpool was also one billion kilometers.

Hua!

A giant eye appeared at the center of the whirlpool. It looked down at those below. All of a sudden, the soldiers felt that their souls had clotted.

“Wu Qi Tower!” An ancient voice echoed in the ears of all soldiers. “Your lives are in danger on the first three levels. However, if you can survive the first three levels, you’ll be safe.”

“From the fourth level, you’ll have a chance to get inheritance and valuables,” continued the ancient voice. “Of course, that’s only after you survive the third level.”

Chapter 1380 - Power of

Divine Eye

High up in the air, that gigantic divine eye was looking down at 40 warriors.

An aged voice continued to resonate within their minds: “All you 40 warriors, based on the powers you have displayed in the first two levels… on this third level, only 15 of you will be able to survive! The 15 of you who can survive the third level will make it up to the fourth level and earn yourselves various incentives. Until you endure the crisis on the third level, entering the battleship is forbidden. Doing so would render you an immediate failure, and you will fall straight into annihilation.”

The words of the aged voice gave Luo Feng a shock. How could there only be 15 survivors?

The majority of the warriors instantly started to worry. Those who could make it past the third level would definitely be extraordinary, but still, more than half of them would die! Other than a handful like Luo Feng, the other warriors would certainly not be daring enough to say they would survive this level.

Hong! Hong!

Another two explosive sounds rang, and huge branches and leaves could be seen spreading out. They radiated a dazzling golden light that continuously lashed at every tribal warrior. Upon receiving such a direct lashing, one pitiful warrior, who had been left with less than 1 percent of its godly power, was annihilated to nothingness.

“What!”

“It killed a warrior!”

The other fortunate survivors looked on in shock.

Even Luo Feng looked over. The warrior who had made a move earlier was a plant life form, and one of the radiantly colored flowers that formed part of this it sneered, saying, “Wu Qi Tower mentioned that only 15 could survive, but it did not forbid us from fighting one another. The more I kill, the fewer opponents I am left with. Haha! Meet your doom.”

The torture from the “miniature world” that they had all just experienced on the second level had left most of these warriors with severe injuries. The weakest ones did not even have 1/1,000th of their peak power left.

“Escape!”

“Beware!”

“Let’s go!”

Several warriors who considered themselves to be severely injured were quick to scuttle off in all directions while trying their best to maintain a safe distance from the more powerful warriors.

However, high up in space, the Divine Eye had enshrouded an area that was within one billion kilometers of the domain of light. No matter how hard they tried to escape, there was no way they could make it out of this area. At that point, the area that was within the Divine Eye’s domain of light, there was total chaos.

Luo Feng stood rooted to his spot, ignoring everything in his surroundings. Besides, there was not a single warrior who dared approach him. Even the most arrogant warrior, who was a plant life form, did not dare to attack him.

Hong! Long! Long!

The gigantic Divine Eye high up in space suddenly lit up. Streaks of golden light shone down and gradually spread out.

“Ah! This is…”

Several warriors who had still been fighting earlier on suddenly felt as though their souls (life imprints) were struck by a sudden impact. Many of them temporarily stopped fighting one another. First and foremost, they had to focus on mounting a vigilant defense. No one knew what kind of danger lurked in the third level. If it was some very terrifying danger and they remained distracted with all the fighting, then they would truly be courting their own doom.

A short moment later, three out of the 40 warriors were annihilated. All three had already been near death from severe injuries sustained while on the second level. They had just been trampled to death. Even their automaton type treasures, armors, and weapons were taken away from them.

“Luckily, this Milky Way did not make any move.” Xu Zhong looked at Luo Feng from afar, then tilted his head back to look high up into the sky where the Divine Eye was.

The many warriors on land were all looking up at the Divine Eye. The Divine Eye had released an endless golden light that enshrouded everything beneath it. The powerful impact of its willpower was, to the relief of the warriors, bearable for them all.

“This third level—what kind of danger does it contain?”

“Just this one Divine Eye?”

“The second level started out with mere diagrams of secret engravings, but after that, out popped the rock giant and all. Who knows? There might be some kind of bizarre danger that may emerge on this third level.”

The warriors were all filled with apprehension. There were even some who immediately flew up into the air, not daring to stay near to the ground lest something suddenly appear from the grassland.

The endless golden light shone down on the grassland and upon every single warrior. Its power was gradually increasing.

“The impact of the willpower is becoming stronger!”

“Could this be the third level of Wu Qi Tower? A test of willpower?”

One after another, the warriors were resisting. No one was willing to concede defeat so easily. They were all aware that this third level was the final level that contained the threat of death. Starting at the fourth level, there would only be various incentives and rewards to gain. Who would not want to take that gamble?

Luo Feng endured the impact of the willpower as he silently sighed to himself. No wonder those warriors who were severely injured had been unable to get any treatment. This was a test of willpower. The loss of a godly body would have a great impact on combat power but would only affect the influence on willpower by a minute amount.

“The impact of willpower is gradually increasing!” Luo Feng turned his head and looked into the distance at that Xu Zhong, who had taken the form of a Bib Bird. “This impact of willpower has no influence over me at all! I must seize the moment, while the impact of the willpower is still weak, and get rid of him first!”

Sou!

Luo Feng’s speed skyrocketed, and without further delay, he flew toward Xu Zhong far in the distance.

Xu Zhong was in the midst of resisting the impact of that willpower while remaining watchful over his surroundings. He might have had Bib Bird—which boasted impressive escape skills—but earlier on, when he had been on the second level of Wu Qi Tower, he had sustained serious injuries because of Bib Bird’s relatively weaker frontal combat skills. Even though he had been able to recuperate for recovery during the downtime, upon entering the second level, he only managed to recover around 50 percent of his godly body. His power was left with only one-tenth of what he had started with! Of course, he had to exercise extra vigilance.

“Huh?” Xu Zhong spotted a streak of light flying toward him from afar. “Milky Way!”

Xu Zhong was dumbfounded. He was terrified of this Milky Way.

Sou!

Xu Zhong transformed into a large white bird and picked up speed as he flew. At the same time, he sent a voice transmission: “Milky Way, Milky Way! We are both from the East Army. Why must you pursue me so painstakingly?”

“If I don’t kill you, who else should I kill?” Luo Feng returned the voice transmission coldly.

Xu Zhong suddenly felt his heart sink. Earlier on, when they had just started on the first level of Wu Qi Tower, he had launched a sneak-attack on Luo Feng. At the time, he had told Luo Feng, “You are a new recruit. If I don’t kill you, who else should I kill?” Now, the tables were suddenly turned.

Xu Zhong was desperate as he replied via voice transmission, “Milky Way, so long as you spare me, I am willing to offer this automaton type treasure as a gift to express my apology.”

“Humph!” Luo Feng merely replied with a cold snort.

While his goal was to break through levels in this Wu Qi Tower, Luo Feng was not really interested in killing. But he truly abhorred people like Xu Zhong. To one’s face, they acted as though they were brothers, yet the moment one turned his back, they would pounce. Back when Luo Feng had still been a nobody, he had once been met with a sudden ambush by his partner, Mo Luo, while journeying about demon note mountain. Since then, Luo Feng had cultivated a deep hatred for such a character.

Xu Zhong? Of course, he had to kill him!

Luo Feng pursued as Xu Zhong fled.

Xu Zhong took the form of a big white bird, and although his power was only one-tenth of what he had started with, his speed of flight was still much faster than Luo Feng.

“Blaze up!”

With a move of intention, Luo Feng executed the first volume of Extermination, and the speed of Golden Claw God Luo Feng immediately soared. He had his Shi Wu Wings, which were adept in acceleration during flight. He might not have brought it with him to the World of Jin, but he had studied it meticulously for over eight million eras. He had also studied Shi Wu Wings as an overall treasure, along with many other secret techniques. And the body technique “Flowing Gold” was highly suited for acceleration.

Hua!

Luo Feng’s speed skyrocketed.

“Milky Way, Milky Way!” XU Zhong looked behind him with a flustered expression. “What will it take for you to let me go?”

Luo Feng transmitted his voice message with great indifference. “When you are gone for good, naturally, I will let go of you.”

They flew, one after the other, both moving at a terrifyingly fast speed. The area under the domain of light was shrouded by the Divine Eye. It was merely one million kilometers wide. Given their current speed, they would not require more than a second to traverse the entire region within the domain of light. This was why Xu Zhong had been following an arc-shaped route while flying, turning corners as he tried his best to fly.

“Huh?” Luo Feng could not reach him even after half a minute of hot pursuit.

Perhaps, because he was in the face of imminent death, Xu Zhong was putting in his utmost best. Or perhaps Bib Bird was exceptionally skilled at flying.

“If I execute the second volume of Extermination, I can capture you in an instant.” Luo Feng shook his head to himself. In Nine Smoke Marsh, he had dared to execute the second volume of Extermination because the area had not been under the control of warriors. But at Wu Qi Tower, every move he made was apparently under close observation. Thus, it was only natural for him to refrain from executing the second volume of Extermination.

“Let’s see how long you can hold out.” Luo Feng continued to give chase, forcing Xu Zhong to stay vigilant without any chance for a breather.

Xu Zhong was extremely agonized, resentful, and regretful.

Time continued to pass. The Divine Eye, high up in the sky, was radiating a golden light that contained a willpower with an impact that was continuously on the rise. In the beginning, they had all been able to bear the impact easily, but now, a number of warriors were feeling the pressure.

“The impact of this willpower has reached the ultimate limit of a law master!”

Some of the warriors were already in extreme agony. They might have all been elite warriors, but in respect to willpower, most could be regarded as having achieved the breakthrough of the bottleneck to attain the willpower at true god level, while there were still a handful who fell short of this standard.

“Kill.”

“Kill!”

While trying to bear the impact of this willpower, there were warriors who persisted in fighting and killing—especially warriors who personally felt that they were lacking in terms of willpower. All the more, they were giving their all to eliminate opponents.

“The more we kill, the fewer opponents we have. So long as the last 15 are left standing, everything comes to an end.”

“Kill!”

Everything fell into darkness.

Over 30 warriors transformed into streaks of flowing light and flew at high speed while occasionally crossing paths with one another. Under such circumstances—where they had to fight for their lives while resisting the impact of the willpower—the moment they let their guard down, they would likely be hit. Those who were slower or had weaker powers would gradually begin to be annihilated. The number of warriors was starting to drop.

As the impact of the willpower of the Divine Eye high in the sky gained strength, the warriors were all growing fearful. Earlier, when they had all been fighting one another, the impact of the willpower of the Divine Eye had only been a small threat. But now, the impact of that willpower was gradually beginning to exceed the limit of endurance for a number of these warriors.

“No!”

“No!”

As the impact of the willpower exceeded the ultimate limit of a law master—

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Nine warriors, who were flying at high speed while dodging and fighting, started experiencing convulsions throughout their entire bodies. The next moment, they fell into a state of unconsciousness, then collapsed. Obviously, the impact of the willpower was too much to bear. And high up where it was, the Divine Eye shot out nine streams of eye-piercing purple light!

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Nine streams of purple light struck the nine unconscious warriors who had fallen, causing them to be annihilated, only leaving behind pieces of armor, automaton type treasures, and some other belongings.

“Hmm!” Luo Feng, who was in the process of pursuing Xu Zhong, was flying pass at an extremely fast rate of speed. He whistled past and, with a single wave of his hand, collected all the belongings that one of the nine warriors had left behind. “That’s quite a large number of treasures.” He swept through the surroundings. “This third level of Wu Qi Tower offers quite a good opportunity to seize large amounts of treasures. If I miss this chance, I don’t know if I will ever encounter another opportunity in the future.”

Every warrior was, in essence, a moving treasure vault. Nearly every warrior would at least possess two automaton type treasures. After all, they had made it through the first and second levels.

“Ah!” In the distance, Xu Zhong was still trying his best to escape. “I must escape—I want to escape! I cannot die! Ah! This impact of the willpower is getting too strong. I don’t think I can bear it any much longer.”

Buzz!

The Divine Eye shone upon the grasslands and onto every warrior. The willpower of those golden rays contained an impact that was growing stronger with the passing of time, albeit quite slowly. Warriors who were unable to bear the increasing impact only had one way out: death! Only 15 could survive!

Chapter 1381 - Raid

The godly eye in the sky kept giving out an enhanced mental shock, making it more and more difficult for soldiers to resist the attacks.

“No!” Xu Zhong could feel that he was losing his consciousness under the effect of the godly eye. “Stay conscious! For the love of god, Stay conscious!”

He took a look at the golden claw god flying like a streak of black light. It didn’t slow down at all.

“Stay conscious! Conscious!” Xu Zhong couldn’t have been more apprehensive. However, it was apparent that his mind was crumbling as the mental shock was being strengthened. Under the shock, he couldn’t fly smoothly anymore. He transmitted his voice at the last moment of his life. “Milky Way! I shouldn’t have done that! I was wrong! Spare my life! Spare my life!”

Hua!

Golden Claw God Luo Feng immediately caught up with Xu Zhong.

“Die!”

Luo Feng’s claw slashed at the giant white bird, and beneath that single attack, the giant white bird started to plummet.

Hong! Long!

The giant white bird dropped onto the plain, and Luo Feng landed beside it.

Luo Feng looked at the giant bird, known as “Bib Bird,” which had already lost consciousness. The soldiers fighting in the distance looked toward him, and they all knew that the soldier lying there was crumbling and would soon be destroyed by the godly eye. It would definitely leave some valuables behind, yet none of them dared to fight Luo Feng for them.

Shua!

A trace of purple light shot out of the godly eye and struck “Bib Bird.” Suddenly, Xu Zhong, under the protection of its machine type valuable, was annihilated. Only some pieces of armor, space bracelets, and machine-type valuables were left.

Luo Feng waved his hands and claimed all the valuables left. He surged and rushed toward the soldiers who were fighting each other.

The number of soldiers was plummeting. 28… 26… 23… Soldiers kept dying, some killed by the godly eye and others killed by fellow soldiers.

“Scram!” a voice rumbled, and Golden Claw God Luo Feng turned into a streak of light, dashing toward a soldier who had been killed by the godly eye, seeking to seize the valuables left behind.

“It’s that soldier, Milky Way!”

“That soldier, Milky Way!”

Three soldiers were racing toward the fallen valuables, but they all fled when they saw that Luo Feng was heading in the same direction. If they had been right next to the fallen valuables, they might have stood a chance of getting them. However, they were relatively far away, and even if they could get a step ahead, they would have been overtaken by that soldier Milky Way. Then it would be a nightmare for all of them.

Of the two soldiers who gained the most valuables, one was Luo Feng, and the other was the plant life form. In fact, the plant soldier had claimed more valuables than Luo Feng.

The area only had a diameter of one billion kilometers, yet the plant life form soldier alone was almost 100 million kilometers tall. After spreading out its branches, it covered a large area, so it easily claimed many valuables with that advantage.

Suddenly, the most beautiful flower on the plant life form cried out in a shrill voice.

“No! It can’t be! Die! Die! All of you! Die!”

The plant life form soldier was quite powerful in some aspects. However, the “mind shock” from the godly eye in the sky made it difficult for it to survive! As a plant life, it had a great advantage when it came to fighting, so it hadn’t sharpened its willpower well enough. Although its willpower had reached the level of a true god, it was only mediocre compared to other elite soldiers.

“No… No…” It realized it couldn’t resist any longer. Its will was crumbling.

All the soldiers in the distance looked toward the plant soldier.

“It’s dying!”

“It can’t hold it anymore.”

They tried to stay back, but they all watched greedily, knowing that it had gathered the most machine-type valuables.

Luo Feng was floating in the sky, watching.

“No! Die! Die, all of you!” roared the plant soldier, slashing with its branches.

Each branch had flowing golden light on it. They swept back and forth, trying to kill more soldiers. However, the soldiers all stayed as far away from it as possible. Those who still survived had only lost a small portion of their power, so even if they were ensnared by the plant soldier, they wouldn’t die quickly.

“No!”

The flying branches were all drawn down, followed by a shriek. Apparently, it had lost its consciousness.

“Huh?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. He immediately surged, racing toward the plant life form like a streak of light.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

Other soldiers also flew toward it. They all longed for machine-type valuables. Even if the valuables weren’t suited to them, they could exchange them for military credits and obtain one that was a good fit.

Hua!

A cold streak of purple light fell on that plant life form, and it was annihilated. Only valuables were left.

A strange beast soldier with two pairs of wings and a three-horned head raced toward it like lightning. It was the fastest out of all the soldiers. “They’re mine!”

Hu!

It flew close to the plain and immediately took all the valuables there.

“Damn you!” yelled a furious voice.

The strange beast soldier took a look and smirked. “Soldier Milky Way, I’m indeed not as powerful as you, but I fly much faster than you.”

Hong!

Luo Feng raced toward him. “Really?” he said.

Luo Feng immediately changed. The Golden Claw God disappeared, and Luo Feng turned into a silver-white flying beast: the Bib Bird!

“Bib Bird!” gasped the flying beast soldier, horrified.

Hua!

Bib Bird Luo Feng sped up, moving much faster than the strange beast soldier, and caught up in no time. Luo Feng’s eyes were cold. After Xu Zhong had died, he had gotten Bib Bird. He had already planned to get as many valuables as possible on the third floor, so he had immediately transferred Bib Bird to Boat of Mausoleum, giving it to Golden Horned Beast for a trial. Golden Horned Beast had subsequently studied Bib Bird in the space of inheritance, where time traveled 10,000 times slower than in the outer world. It had spent more than a day studying it in the space of inheritance, yet, in the outside world, less than ten seconds had passed.

“How…?” said the strange beast soldier, feeling tense.

Usually, it took a long time for someone to fully comprehend a new machine type valuable. How had Milky Way learned how to use Bib Bird so soon after acquiring it? Little did it know that Luo Feng had already achieved so much in engravings, and with the space of inheritance, it had taken him only an instant to fully comprehend it.

“Everyone says you’re powerful!” the flying beast soldier shrieked. “I don’t believe you’re that more powerful than me!”

“Go down!” The Bib Bird caught up with the strange beast instantly.

The wings performed the blade technique Light of Water and Fire like a streak of light, striking the strange beast soldier, which plummeted to the plain below, forming a huge crater.

Luo Feng transformed from a giant silver bird back into Golden Claw God. After all, Golden Claw God was better at attacks!

“Die!”

Golden Claw God surrounded the flying beast soldier, striking it relentlessly. The shadow submerged the flying beast soldier like waves.

“How…?” said the flying beast soldier.

It tried to fight Luo Feng. However, once the flying beast soldier was attached to Luo Feng, it couldn’t even run away because Luo Feng was so much stronger.

Hong! Long! Long!

Under the endless rays of blade light, the flying beast who had endured the second floor of Wu Qi Tower lost much of its power was crushed. After only 30 seconds, the flying beast soldier was annihilated!

“Humph!” Luo Feng took the valuables. “Clearly, it was an elite soldier. It lasted longer than that true god from Nine Smoke Marsh even under severe injuries.”

The other soldiers looked on in amazement. In the past 30 seconds, a powerful strange beast elite soldier couldn’t even flee. Instead, it had been crushed to death!

Terror! Intimidation! A variety of emotions flooded their minds. This was the first time Luo Feng had killed a soldier on the third floor. Xu Zhong had been killed by the godly eye. By killing this strange beast, Luo Feng had made it clear to these soldiers that it was wise for them to stay away from him.

Weng!

The godly eye in the sky gave out endless golden light, and the power of its mental shock grew stronger and stronger.

“Ah!”

“Only 15 can survive!”

The soldiers went mad under the suppression of the mental shock, and it was pushing them to their limits. They tried to fight each other harder and harder. The number kept declining.

20… 18… 16…

Finally, 15!

When there were only 15 soldiers in the area illuminated by the godly eye, the mental shock power had already reached the level of top-tier true gods—close to limit-level true gods. All the soldiers except for Luo Feng had found it difficult to bear.

“Eight million eras.” Luo Feng glanced at the soldiers in the distance and sighed.

Mental shock? Even a mental shock at the level of limit true gods was nothing to him. Back when he had obtained the inheritance from Duan Dong River, his mind had already reached true god level. For a long period of time, he had the space of inheritance to train himself, which was the perfect place to cultivate supreme beings. Willpower could also be sharpened in the space of inheritance.

Luo Feng had spent more than eight million eras there, improving his willpower from true-god level to a whole new level. He speculated that his willpower had reached the level of a true god of void space.

It was normal for true gods to have the willpower of true gods of void space. Even some true gods in Universe Ocean had achieved that, not to mention those in the World of Jin. However, it was rare for universe masters to achieve willpower at the level of a true god of void space.

I have the space of inheritance, thought Luo Feng. If I couldn’t achieve it, I’d be a sorry excuse for an inheritor of Duan Dong River.

Every inheritor of Duan Dong River could easily reach willpower at the level of a true god of void space when they were only universe masters.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The godly eye vanished. 15 light pillars arrived, enveloping all 15 soldiers and transporting them away from the third level of Wu Qi Tower.

Chapter 1382 - The Chance in

Wu Qi Tower

Inside the silver palace next to the towering Wu Qi Tower in Godly King Valley, the four leaders sat on their thrones. They all watched the floating display screen, which showed everything happening in Wu Qi Tower.

“Haha! He easily went through the third level,” said the black mist. “In my opinion, his willpower must be at the level of a true god of void space if he went through the third level that easily. His willpower is at such a level, yet he’s only a law master. He’s indeed exceptional.”

The silver-armored female leader said, “Look at the blade technique he shows while using Golden Claw God… It’s so exquisite that it’s at least at the elementary true god level.”

“Body technique, blade technique, and willpower… He’s exceptional in all aspects. He’s definitely the strongest one I’ve seen since I became a leader.” The leader stared gravely at the screen. “I hope he can reach the top of Wu Qi Tower! If he can, then we’ll finally live up to the expectations of His Majesty the Godly King.”

The other three leaders were silent. The expectations of the Godly King…

All gazed at the screen displaying the scene of the fourth floor of Wu Qi Tower.

“The second floor is for prizes. I wonder which prize that soldier Milky Way will choose.”

The 15 surviving soldiers on the fourth floor of Wu Qi Tower had long expected this. According to what Wu Qi Tower had told them before, there were only deathtraps in the first three floors, which meant only the first three levels would pose a danger to their lives. From the fourth floor up, there would only be prizes. They would be safe from now on.

All the soldiers were full of expectations.

“Prizes in Wu Qi Tower?”

“What kind of prizes?”

Time and space trembled. The 15 soldiers were transported to the fourth floor, and they all looked around.

“Huh?” Luo Feng looked around, and the portals around him extended. On the walls beside the portals were many trees and bodies. It was as if there countless living and dead creatures were sealed on the walls beside the portals.

A maze? Luo Feng thought. There is a portal on my left side and one on the right!

The 15 soldiers glanced around, hesitant. None dared to do anything. Instead, they waited for the guide of Wu Qi Tower.

A light appeared, surrounding the soldiers.

“Lucky soldiers! You’re all indeed the lucky ones because you have reached the fourth level of Wu Qi Tower, and from now on, you’ll be safe. No soldiers are allowed to fight each other. Otherwise, you will be executed!”

The first line of the introduction immediately relieved all the other soldiers. They glanced at Luo Feng. They weren’t as tense or as frightened as before. Instead, they relaxed.

“There are many prizes on the fourth level of Wu Qi Floor,” said the voice. “There are four portals around you, and they represent four different prizes. The one with dimming white light is the portal of valuables. Once you enter, you can acquire valuables such as machine-type weapons and valuables used to recover your godly bodies.

“The one with dimming golden light is the light is the portal of inheritance. There are some special techniques through that portal, and if you’re lucky, you might get some extraordinary techniques. The one with dimming purple light is a path to true gods. It will guide you on how to make a breakthrough and how to become a true god. That’s the law path. The one with dim black light is also a path to true gods, but it’s following the path of godly power. You will be stronger, but it’s hundreds of time more difficult.

“You can only choose one of these four portals! The prizes you earn from those portals will decide whether or not you can enter the fifth floor. Choose, lucky soldiers.”

Then the ancient voice faded away.

Luo Feng and the others all looked around at the four portals representing different prizes.

A giant black snake strange beast with skulls crawled to the golden portal. “The techniques in Wu Qi Tower must be extraordinary. With the special techniques, I’ll be able to wield more power when fighting great beings at the same level.”

“I’ve been stuck at law masters for too long a time,” said a short tribal warrior. “I must become a true god. The godly power path is too difficult, so I might not gain anything.” He entered the purple portal.

The soldiers selected their portals one after another. Some thought they could get guides on how to become true gods in the army, so they chose techniques or valuables. Some wanted to become true gods as soon as possible, so they chose the path to true gods.

Though eight of the 15 soldiers chose the paths to true gods, six of them chose the law paths. All of them knew that law paths were more common and easier while the godly power path was much more difficult. They weren’t even sure whether they could succeed on the law path, so they didn’t dare to try the godly power path.

After all, it was only a guide.

“The godly power path?” said Luo Feng. “I’ll see what kind of special guide His Majesty the Godly King from the World of Jin has prepared.”

Luo Feng didn’t even hesitate. He chose the godly path to true gods immediately.

Valuables? He had acquired enough. Luo Feng didn’t think he could get any exceptional valuables after only three levels.

Techniques? He had plenty of powerful techniques from Duan Dong River.

The law path? He had given up on that a long time ago.

The only choice was the godly power path! It had been left by His Majesty the Godly King, so maybe he would be inspired.

All the four leaders gazed at the screen. Luo Feng and the other soldier stepped onto the godly power path to true gods, and they both sighed.

All the leaders exclaimed their approval.

“Well chosen.”

“The only precious portal on the fourth level is the godly power path to true gods. This is the great achievement of His Majesty the Godly King.”

“That soldier Milky Way made a wonderful choice.”

Other great beings in the army didn’t know about this, but they were the leaders of Godly King Valley, so they were responsible for guarding Wu Qi Tower. The ideal peerless talent that His Majesty the Godly King required would need to become a true god by following the godly power path.

There was, after all, another way to prove oneself to be the peerless genius of the godly king, which was to reach 90,000 times life gene level on the godly power path, and to solve all 10,081 Rhinoceros Emperor Game solutions all the once. If someone met both criteria, they would be sealed immediately and would obtain Wu Qi God! Based on these two requirements, it could be inferred that the peerless genius the Godly King required should follow the godly power path.

After all, when Wu Qi Tower was being built, only the godly power path to true gods was carefully designed by His Majesty the Godly King to help the successors.

Luo Feng walked through the hallway. On the walls on either side, many bodies and objects were sealed as if they were specimens on display.

“Godly power guide? Where is it?”

Luo Feng kept searching carefully. Suddenly, his eyes gleamed, and he stared at a wall to one side. He discovered that those seemingly simple bodies and objects could be combined into an intricate engraving picture! Plus, some of the specimens bulged from the wall while some others were concave. They formed a three-dimensional image!

The three-dimensional image inspired Luo Feng! Perhaps it wasn’t clear to other great beings, but it was to Luo Feng. He had studied the structures of creatures using his Remote Ocean many times, and his godly body had already broken through the perfect life gene level.

“This… This is the most detailed structure of a perfect life form!” Luo Feng said.

He immediately memorized the structure. If someone couldn’t understand the structure, then no matter how many times they looked at it, they wouldn’t be able to memorize it. However, Luo Feng had already achieved a degree of life structure, and his studies were already superior to that “stereoscopic” picture.

“On the left!”

Luo Feng looked to the other side,. When all those specimens were combined, they could indeed form a three-dimensional image of a perfect life form.

“The one on the right is a flesh-and-blood type life form, and the one on the left is a plant type life.”

Luo Feng memorized them all and walked forward. On the two walls as he continued forward were countless specimens making up three-dimensional pictures, and they were all perfect life forms! However, even though they were perfect life forms, there were some differences among them. Even the perfect gene structures of flesh-and-blood creatures had hundreds of variations.

“Incredible. It’s so detailed.”

Luo Feng was amazed. He and kept walking forward.

After only a short while, he reached the end of the portal. There was a door at the end with an incomplete three-dimensional image on it.

“Huh?” Luo Feng smiled. “Flesh and blood type?”

Luo Feng pointed and injected his godly power inside. He quickly completed the three-dimensional image, forming a perfect image of a creature. He had studied countless perfect creatures. If it had been an energy-type life form, it might have taken him a long time. However, he was very familiar with flesh-and-blood type creatures, so he completed it instantly!

Hong! Long!

The wooden door gave out cyan light immediately, covering Luo Feng.

Sou!

Luo Feng disappeared.

“He’s entered it.”

“It’s only been a while, and he’s completed the task already.”

“His godly body must’ve surpassed the perfect life gene level already,” said the towering leader. “Besides, he’s following the godly power path. That soldier Milky Way is very ambitious. He doesn’t just want to become a true god. Instead, he wants to achieve a higher life gene level!” He bellowed out his words.

All the other leaders were similarly thrilled. “Let’s see how much he can get.”

Even the leaders were not eligible to see the deeper area of godly path to true gods. Wu Qi Tower contained some great secrets. The four leaders could inspect it, yet they could only inspect a part of it. As for some special areas, like the eighth or ninth floor, they couldn’t even take a peek.

They couldn’t inspect the deeper area of the godly power path either. It contained a huge secret!

It was strenuous to become a true god, and the analysis of life forms was strictly confidential! Luo Feng had the inherited technique from the original universe, “Creation.” They couldn’t clearly inspect certain powerful life forms, and they surely couldn’t detect the drop of godly blood on Shi Wu Wing.

True gods, true gods of void space, and even eternal true gods weren’t able to analyze the structures of creatures. The comprehensive three-dimensional images were precious beyond words.

Of course, they required understanding before they could be memorized. If someone couldn’t understand the pictures, he wouldn’t be able to remember anything. Those pictures of creatures were only an aid. However, no powers from the ancient civilization were willing to share them—not even Duan Dong River.

Chapter 1383 - The Final Step

Time and space trembled. Deeper down along the godly power route of the true god path, Luo Feng appeared out of nowhere.

“Huh?” At first glance, Luo Feng mused, “A river?”

Directly ahead, a passageway was there, as usual. The two sides of the passageway were also the same—walls filled with countless specimens. However, the wide yet deep passageway before him was a river!

“This…”

Luo Feng stood on top of the river as he looked down beneath his feet with astonishment. His godly power had reached out to detect, and thus, he discovered that this river contained an endless, mighty godly power that had no master! It was like the godly power without a master in the “Ocean Law” of the primal universe, where he could absorb it for his own use in whatever quantity he pleased.

“This godly power is without a master. And such a great amount of it!”

Luo Feng was pleasantly surprised. His godly body was as tall as 10,000 kilometers, while the width and height of the passageway were around 100 million kilometers. Its length stretched for tens of billion kilometers. Such a massive passageway! And almost half of it was filled with godly power condensed and gathered to form a river.

“That Godly King has left so much unclaimed godly power here…” Luo Feng contemplated. “For those who remained here to comprehend, once they achieved a thorough comprehension, they would achieve a breakthrough in their godly body. Then, most certainly, they would need to replenish their godly power. Could it be for this reason?”

Regardless of the reason, if he let godly power go to waste without absorbing any of it, he would be a fool.

Hua!

With a move of intention, Luo Feng eagerly sucked up the godly power water beneath him. Earlier on, when he had been progressing from the first to the third level of Wu Qi Tower, Luo Feng had indeed exhausted much of his godly power—especially because his earthling original body suddenly achieved a breakthrough in life gene level to reach 16,000 times. His golden horned beast body had to replenish the godly power that his earthling original body had lost. Thus, the godly body of his golden horned beast was always lacking a great amount of godly power.

“Since there is so much godly power, I might as well take it all in one go and enable my godly body to attain the highest life gene level that I have so far comprehended.” Luo Feng hesitated no further. His eyes lit up. “Godly body, reassemble!”

Hong!

Luo Feng’s earthling body was completely disassembled in an instant. It transformed into mighty godly power. Every life structure of this godly power was reconstructed. Then everything came crashing together rapidly to condense and give form to his earthling original body.

Hu!

Luo Feng’s godly body was swallowing from the river in its surroundings like crazy. It sought to replenish its godly body as quickly as possible.

At the same moment, Golden Horned Beast was also undergoing a reassembly of his godly body. Shortly after, it too started to replenish its godly power. After a short moment, everything came to a halt.

“Now, my godly body has a life gene level of around 28,000 times. But I am still far from my target!” Luo Feng said to himself.

Previously, when had been was about to make his way to Godly King Valley, he had managed to obtain a large quantity of blood, scales, and hair samples from the endless Remote Ocean of the primal universe. That was when he had managed to achieve a breakthrough by comprehending the life structure at 16,000 times life gene level in one swift move.

In the following period of time, as Luo Feng was rushing to get about places—especially while on the third level of Wu Qi Tower, waiting for the other batches of warriors to arrive—he had remained in the space of cultivation where time was accelerated at a rate of 10,000 times. Even with time passing by so fast, Luo Feng managed to achieve multiple breakthroughs in succession and finally attained a level of 28,000 times life genes level. This was still regarded as reaching a small bottleneck within a short period.

At that moment, Luo Feng was certainly making good use of the chance to absorb as much godly power as he could so that he could bring the state of his godly body to its strongest form in one swift move. Yet even with the inherited technique “Creation” and a great quantity of blood, hair, and scale samples, there was not once when he was able to attain the first stage requirement of 30,000 times in one swift move. To be more truthful, Luo Feng was indeed a little disappointed.

After all, 30,000 times was only the first stage.

“Life Diagram!” Luo Feng stepped onto the river of godly power and looked at the numerous complex, three-dimensional life diagrams on the two sides of the river.

Blood and flesh type, rock type, energy type, metal type, plant type… There were various kinds of three-dimensional life diagrams, and they had life gene levels that ranged from 10,000 times more to 30,000 times more. The number was far too many. Luo Feng’s grasp of the life diagrams on blood and flesh life forms was the fastest, as for the others, he was apparently much slower. In the first place, Luo Feng had placed emphasis on studying the blood and flesh type, while putting others on hold for the time being. But of course, while he focused on studying blood and flesh type, he would also gain additional knowledge about other life forms.

Every day, time passed. As Luo Feng was studying these life diagrams in the faraway primal universe, endless Remote Ocean was also studying them. And in the space of inheritance within the space of cultivation, his golden horned beast body was constantly carrying out experiments.

It had only been 15 days. Yet, ever so easily, Luo Feng achieved another breakthrough. His life gene level soared up to 32,000 times. This was mainly because Luo Feng had a good foundation to begin with. Originally, his life gene level was already at 28,000 times. And with a little more contact and comprehension, it was a matter of course that he would be able to achieve a breakthrough to reach the stage of 30,000 times life gene level.

Hong!

The lofty Luo Feng was surrounded by the surging river, which was pouring into him continuously.

Godly body, stage one: Its height could surge up to ten times. Of course, there had to first be enough godly power. Thereafter, he could absorb a tremendous amount of godly power…

Luo Feng soared to a height of one million kilometers! Even his golden horned beast body experienced the same growth spurt to one million kilometers in length.

“Haha…”

Luo Feng laughed heartily as he stood at this end of the river’s passageway. Similarly, there was a wooden door, and on that wooden door, there was an incomplete piece of life diagram.

“Still a blood and flesh life form?” Luo Feng mused to himself. “Could it be a test that His Majesty the Godly King set under that wooden doo, based on the warriors entering? So if it’s a plant type warrior entering, the test at the wooden door would be a life diagram of a plant type great being?”

Luo Feng did not hesitate and was quick to supplement this life diagram.

This life diagram was at a 30,000 times life gene level, and Luo Feng was able to resolve it after a brief moment of careful contemplation.

Buzz!

The wooden door released cyan rays of light that enshrouded Luo Feng, transporting him into an even deeper region along this true god path.

Luo Feng appeared out of thin air. Right ahead, a passageway was there, as usual. The two sides of the passageway were also the same; they were still walls. The difference was that the passageway of the river had become wider and deeper. The three-dimensional life diagrams on both sides of the wall were more complex and massive.

“The first phase was perfect life gene level, the second stage was 10,000 times to 30,000 times… The third stage… must be 30,000 to 60,000 times.” Luo Feng’s gaze swept over the surroundings. He found everything incomparably mysterious and severe. “In the previous two phases of the passageway, I was able to pass through easily because I already had the foundation. This phase of the passageway… I don’t think it will be that easy.”

Luo Feng flew ahead and looked to the left at the first life diagram, which portrayed a blood and flesh type. Based on Luo Feng’s speculation, this should be a life diagram that had a life gene level of around 35,000 times. However, one look at this life diagram, and Luo Feng was stuck. There were many areas that he could not comprehend.

If he was unable to comprehend it, then no matter how he looked at it—or even if he shut his eyes—he would not be able to recall anything. Only through thorough comprehension could he remember.

Luo Feng temporarily put on hold the studies on the other types of life forms and specifically observed the life diagrams of blood and flesh life forms. For the first diagram, he stood on the river, unmoving, and for more than three months, he watched. As he was watching, endless Remote Ocean in the primal universe was executing the inherited technique Creation to observe those true god samples of blood, scales, and hair, while his golden horned beast body was relying on the 10,000 times acceleration in time to consistently study and analyze the samples.

What might have seemed like more than three months, was actually a few thousand years. But he did finally finish a thorough comprehension.

For the second diagram, Luo Feng stood and watched for more than a month.

For the third diagram, he looked on for more than half a year.

Luo Feng purely focused on the life diagrams of the blood and flesh life forms. From low to high, he observed; thereafter, he would compare them with some of the life structures of true gods observed by endless Remote Ocean, who was making use of the inherited technique Creation. Then he would study them in more detail. Under 10,000 times acceleration in time, he continuously researched the different changes in life diagrams and the significance such changes represented.

How mysterious! It was as though he was creating a technique. And Luo Feng’s grasp of life gene level was continuously on the rise, too. After a year and six months, Luo Feng’s life gene level had skyrocketed to 40,000 times.

After around 80 years, it had reached 50,000 times. However, during the following 1,000 years or so, Luo Feng remained stagnant at this phase, unable to achieve a breakthrough.

Yet Luo Feng could not bear to leave this passageway. This true god path was an incomparably precious plot of land. Even the pulse of Duan Dong River did not have such a detailed series of life diagrams to begin with! And he had to stay here to comprehend, because the moment he left, anything he had not comprehended thoroughly before would be forgotten right away. There was no way he would be able to recall anything.

“One era! The maximum time given to complete a mission to receive a title was one era. When the next era comes, it will be time for the next mission term. I have to try my best and put in my all to gain much more within this era—even more than what I have already gained now.

“Such precious life diagrams, all placed before me, where I can view them to my heart’s content. I even have the inherited technique Creation. Two great advantages are working to my benefit. If I miss such an opportunity, I might have to devote a period of up to a million times longer in the future—or even longer. But still, it might not be as rewarding as what I stand to gain now.”

Luo Feng did not dare go easy on himself.

Outside Wu Qi Tower.

Sou!

A warrior was removed and sent out.

On the third level of that silver-gray palace beside Wu Qi Tower, four figures stood by the railings as they looked down at the warrior who was being moved out.

“From within Wu Qi, the other warriors are being sent out one by one,” lamented the burly commander. “They have maxed out the limit on their period of stay on the fourth level. That Warrior Milky Way had accomplished even more and can stay on longer. How rewarding it had been for him on the godly power route of the true god path up until now, no one knows!”

The other three commanders also looked toward Wu Qi Tower. They could not see what was happening inside. But they were all clearly aware that, since Warrior Milky Way was able to venture even further along the true god path, it would mean that he could enter the fifth level and continue making his way to the peak!

“I wonder how much he can gain during this half-era.”

Luo Feng was not the least bit aware that he could only stay on this true god path for, at most, half a century. Yet it was pointless to know this because he was already trying his best to comprehend. And he was comprehending like crazy.

It was his 4,200th year on this true god path.

Almost at the end of the entire passageway, before an extremely large life diagram, Luo Feng stood unmoving. He had been standing there like that for more than 2,000 years.

Suddenly… he smiled.

The furrowed brows, previously so closely knitted, were finally released. Now, he was fully at ease. The moment he gained understanding, he was enlightened all at once! This feeling of enlightenment was immeasurably incredible.

“So, this is it.” Luo Feng laughed heartily.

Hong!

His godly body disassembled instantly. Soon after, every bit of godly power underwent a drastic change as the elements crashed into one another and condensed together. At the same time, the surrounding river surged in tumbling waves. They too added on to the condensation of godly power. A towering godly body was continuously growing bigger. Very quickly, Luo Feng’s legs had touched the surface of the ground of the passageway, and his head was almost touching the ceiling.

Luo Feng’s godly body stood as high as 100 million kilometers. His life gene level had exceeded 60,000 times!

Even with a massive body of 100 million kilometers, it was not in the least bit cumbersome, unlike other kinds of massive life forms that could hardly move about. Luo Feng’s current life gene level reached as high as 60,000 times. He had gained such a massive godly body, yet his speed and agility, on the contrary, became stronger rather than slower and more cumbersome. His earthling original body and golden horned beast body had both reached their state of limit.

“Next phase!”

Luo Feng rapidly shrank himself and walked to the wooden door where he had used up some time to complete repairing those imperfections on the incomplete life diagrams.

Hua!

The cyan light shone upon him, and Luo Feng was transported away to the other end.

There was a passageway before him with walls on both sides. There was no trace of godly ocean water within the passageway, and there was not a single specimen to be found on the walls. It was just emptiness.

“Emptiness…” Luo Feng was taken aback.

Chapter 1384 - Blade?

Luo Feng looked at the walls on his sides, yet there were no specimens or life diagrams.

“Blank? What does this mean? The life diagrams here are not in the form of specimens?”

Luo Feng walked forward, perplexed. He carefully observed everything on the portal, trying to find something. He couldn’t find anything.

Luo Feng found nothing special. Suddenly, ethereal voices reached ears. The voices were thin and weak, yet Luo Feng felt that they were everywhere around him. Gradually, the volume increased, and there were spots of black light merging in the space around him. Countless spots started to gather in front of Luo Feng to form a blurry figure. It was a blurry figure giving out black light. It looked ordinary, but Luo Feng couldn’t but feel the desire to worship it.

The blurry figure’s back was to Luo Feng.

“You’re only one step away from becoming an ultimate true god,” said the blurry figure slowly. “Remember, if you want to reach the ultimate level of a true god, you’re on your own. I hope that you can reach the top of Wu Qi Tower.”

The blurry figure turned to face Luo Feng, glanced at him, and vanished.

Luo Feng stood there, dazed. He hadn’t been able to even see the figure clearly and hadn’t been able to tell what it looked like.

However, he had a strong desire to worship when facing that blurry figure, and he wanted to fight and even die for him.

“It might only be a virtual consciousness,” Luo Feng said, thrilled. “It’s much more powerful than the last generation of Duan Dong River.”

The last generation of Duan Dong River had died long ago. However, it had left behind a virtual consciousness in the form of an energy body to select inheritors. Only after that had it dissipated.

The virtual consciousness wasn’t a life form, but it still carried all the memories of the original being. Memories were themselves a form of strength as well. They knew all the chaos laws and they carried all the memories, so they were indeed extraordinary. Luo Feng speculated that it was a virtual consciousness left by His Majesty the Godly King.

The blurry figure of the virtual consciousness alone had made him want to risk his life. If the real Majesty of Godly King were here, Luo Feng might have been willing to kill himself for the Godly King.

“It… It must be His Majesty the Godly King. Wu Qi Tower was built by His Majesty the Godly King! And the life diagrams contained in this true god path are all invaluable… I don’t even have that in the Duan Dong River inheritance. Even those great beings working directly for His Majesty the Godly King aren’t qualified to read them. It’s highly likely that only His Majesty the Godly King can leave a virtual consciousness here.”

Luo Feng immediately felt that this goal of being sealed was tremendous! When he had accepted the sealing task, the only thing he had wanted was that powerful machine-type valuable, “Wu Qi God,” as well as the opportunity to train himself. However, the life diagrams on the true god path thrilled Luo Feng so much that he hadn’t even considered the implications.

Even the ancestral teachers couldn’t get precious life diagrams like those. His Majesty the Godly King from the World of Jin wouldn’t just give them away. Besides, the virtual consciousness that had appeared made Luo Feng realize that things were more complicated than he had anticipated.

I bet that giant object in Universe Ocean was the dead Godly King, thought Luo Feng. His Majesty the Godly King died? He built Wu Qi Tower before he died, made Wu Qi God, and set all those tasks.

Thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind. Suddenly…

Hong!

A light pillar arrived and covered Luo Feng.

Sou!

Luo Feng disappeared through the portal.

On the fifth floor of Wu Qi Tower was a snowy world.

Shua!

Luo Feng appeared.

“Huh?” Luo Feng looked around at the endless, snowy world. “This must be the fifth level of Wu Qi Tower.”

He couldn’t help but smile. He’d gained a lot on the fourth floor. He’d already expected what he was going to attain before entering World of Jin, but he hadn’t expected to acquire so much. In the past 4,000 years, his godly body had reached 60,000 times life gene level! And he was only one step away from 90,000.

“That virtual consciousness that seemed to have been left by His Majesty the Godly King said that I’m on my own if I want to reach the limit of true gods.”

Luo Feng remembered. Aside from the evolution of his godly body, he realized that the sealing task had a huge secret behind it. He had many questions in his heart.

How did that giant object, which might be His Majesty the Godly King, die? And why is he floating in Universe Ocean? Why did the original mind guide us to the giant object? Great Thunder Star Master used a completely different force before he died. Where did that come from?

In the silver palace outside Wu Qi Tower, all four leaders guarding Godly King Valley were waiting on the thrones. They couldn’t see Luo Feng, as he was in the deeper area of true god path.

Hua!

Scenes appeared on the screen.

“The fifth floor of Wu Qi Tower!” exclaimed the black mist on the throne on the left. “He’s entered the fifth level.”

“It’s only been less than half an era, and he’s already entered the fifth level?”

“No matter what, he’s on the fifth floor now.”

The silver-armored female leader, the towering male leader, the strange beast leader, and the black mist leader were all gazing at the screen, excited.

“Can that soldier Milky Way enter the eighth floor?”

“The fifth to the seventh floor can be of great help to those great beings, but they’re also very challenging. Many soldiers in the World of Jin have gotten to the fifth floor, but most of them were eliminated on the fifth, sixth, or even seventh floor. Only one could get to the eighth floor.”

“These three floors are indeed challenging.”

“Milky Way is incredible. He might actually get through the next three floors.”

There was a huge secret hidden in Wu Qi Tower. The four leaders couldn’t see the eighth floor or the ninth floor. Only one from the past generations of elite soldiers had successfully ventured to the eighth floor, but he had eventually failed. The eighth floor was the final hazard, and if someone could succeed there, he would reach the ninth floor!

Once he reached the top, he succeeded and would be sealed.

On the fifth floor of Wu Qi Tower, in the vast snowy world, Luo Feng looked around.

Only me? Luo Feng thought. What about the others?

15 soldiers had been on the fourth floor.

Hong!

The wind and snow started to tumble, and they enveloped Luo Feng. He heard an old voice saying, “Soldier Milky Way, all the other soldiers were eliminated. From now on, you’ll be the only one continuing the journey. There will be a powerful creature on the fifth floor, and if you can defeat him, you’ll enter the sixth floor! If you fail, you’ll leave Wu Qi Tower.”

Luo Feng considered. Only the first three levels were deadly. He was safe now.

“Huh?” Luo Feng looked into the distant, noticing a being walking toward him.

He wore a white cape and appeared to be moving slowly, but he continually approaching Luo Feng. He had a handsome face, and there was a red mole between his eyebrows. He had pointy ears, and he smiled at Luo Feng as he said, “Soldier Milky Way, my energies will be on your level. You’re proficient in blade techniques, so I’ll fight you with blades.”

The white-caped man reached out his hands. The snow around him gathered, forming an ice blade. At the same time, he became aggressive. It was as if his entire body had become a blade. That hostility weighed heavily on Luo Feng.

“Blade?” Luo Feng reached out his hands, and Blood Shadow Blade appeared. He stared at his competitor just as aggressively.

“Great.” The white-caped man smirked. “First attack.”

Hua!

The white-caped man moved like a phantom. The shadow of his blade flashed. Blade shadows kept appearing, and instantly, billions of them were flashing in front of Luo Feng as if he was trapped in an entire world of blade shadows.

Illusion is nothing to me! Luo Feng’s mind yelled, and everything disappeared. But a blade had already reached Luo Feng.

“Dang!”

The ice blade struck against Blood Shadow Blade. The white-caped man was blasted back.

The white-caped man flew at Luo Feng more quickly, as if he was already furious. “Second strike!”

He was like a ball of burning fire. He slashed low, wielding incomparable force. The world was divided into two.

“Seal!”

Luo Feng’s Blood Shadow Blade shook, and a thin trace of blade light raced toward it. Then it became thicker. When the two touched, the blade light became a miniature world, enveloping its competitor.

The miniature world cracked as the two beams of light collided!

“Strike three!” the white-caped man yelled, and his godly body spun, turning into a blowing wind.

“Strike nine!”

“Strike 36!”

“Strike 99!”

“Strike 163!”

The white-caped man was like a madman. He immediately performed another type of blade technique after each previous strike was resisted. None of the blade techniques were the same, however.

Luo Feng, who was putting forth the utmost effort, went from excited to mesmerized as he fought the white-caped man like crazy.

“I understand now. So, this is why he is trying to do…”

Luo Feng understood now that the fifth level wasn’t a challenge, but a prize. No wonder the ancient voice said that there would only be prizes from the four level.

The blade techniques performed by the white-caped man were guiding Luo Feng. Through these different ways of fighting, Luo Feng was being indoctrinated. The blade techniques of the white-caped man all belonged to the basic laws: gold, wood, water, fire, mud, wind, thunder, light, time, and space.

Although chaos laws were mysterious, and those superior to true gods pursued the ultimate chaos laws, the foundation of the ten basic laws remained integral. When it came to “merge laws” and the morphing of the universe, the ten basic laws were the building blocks.

Luo Feng, however, only had a brief understanding of this foundation. However, the white-caped man had already demonstrated 16 different blade techniques based only on gold law, and each technique had a different conception. Besides, every one of the techniques the white-caped man performed had reached top-tier level six.

How incredible the white-caped man was! How was he able to create so many extraordinary blade techniques based only on the basic laws?

Luo Feng’s understanding of the ten basic laws was skyrocketing, and each strike was more efficient than comprehending for more than 10,000 eras. How could Luo Feng not be exhilarated?

Chapter 1385 - Nine Days

Path

“Strike 233!”

The blade technique of the white-caped man amazed Luo Feng. All the blade techniques were at top-tier level six, so they weren’t a threat to him. However, the white-caped man was able to create them based only on the basic laws, which awed Luo Feng.

When fighting the white-caped man, Golden Horned Beast body in the space of inheritance was also reflecting on the blade techniques.

“Strike 360!”

After Luo Feng resisted strike 360, the white-caped man flew away and stood still on the ground.

“Huh?” Luo Feng was perplexed.

“Since none of the 360 blades can hurt you, prepare for more powerful blade techniques,” said the white-caped man.

The ice blade suddenly gleamed, and a roaring strange beast appeared. It was a strange beast that looked like a single-horned lizard.

Luo Feng was shocked. A golden beast god?

“Howl!”

The roaring golden beast god cried out in a shrill voice. It had its head lowered, and its horn was pointing forward. It raced ahead, burning its life energy.

Hong!

A trace of golden light was left in the space.

Hua!

The gleaming light of fire and water shone, resisting the blade of light.

“Merged laws of gold and space!” Luo Feng was astounded. “A blade technique at level seven!”

The previous 360 strikes only contained one basic law, and each strike was at top-tier level six at Nirvana Incarnation. However, the new strike had merged the laws of gold and space, and its power reached level seven, forcing Luo Feng to use “Light of Water and Fire” to resist it.

That white-caped man said that he would use the same energies used by Luo Feng, but he was exerting much more power! Luo Feng resisted the former 360 strikes because he was using his Blood Shadow Blade to perform Nirvana Incarnation.

Apparently, the fifth level was used to test fighting skills. As for godly power? Blood Shadow Blade? They were all nullified.

The four leaders laughed.

“He had already understood the secret behind.”

“He knew the benefits on the fifth floor already!” one of them exclaimed. “Haha! That soldier Milky Way kept fighting, but he didn’t use all his power to defeat his enemy. Apparently, he wanted to know more blade techniques from his enemy.”

The previous soldiers who ventured onto the fifth level would soon understand the secrets behind it. And then they would happily comprehend and absorb the knowledge.

Luo Feng was indeed comprehending the truth. The previous 360 strikes greatly inspired him. Because of the inheritance from Duan Dong River, he knew how important the ten basic laws were. Luo Feng had already comprehended the ten basic laws, but he had never reached that level of comprehension.

Understanding laws was like understanding elements. After learning about those elements, it would take abilities to make combinations. In Universe Ocean, with merge laws or time and space laws, techniques at top-tier level five were already a supreme technique. However, it was a threshold that was difficult to break.

Luo Feng was able to create Nirvana Incarnation at top-tier level six based on gold and space law, and he created Light of Water and Fire with water law, fire law, and gold law. Those so-called limits and perfection were just thresholds. For example, a life gene level of 10,081 times could be called perfect, but Luo Feng had reached 60,000 times life gene level already!

With the help of the space of inheritance, Luo Feng comprehended more, and while fighting that white-caped man, his blade techniques were being improved gradually.

“Strike 399!”

The white-caped man turned into a huge tornado. There were traces of golden light in the tornado. The traces of golden light kept multiplying, covering Luo Feng. Luo Feng waved his Blood Shadow Blade.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Those traces of golden light exploded with Blood Shadow Blade as it was waved at the center of the tornado. The frantic blade light blasted everything around it, and all the energies and time and space were also blasted away.

Everything disappeared. The white-caped man rebounded, taking three steps back and glaring at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng, holding Blood Shadow Blade, was thrilled. Finally! He had finally created a blade technique at top-tier level seven!

Nirvana Incarnation was a blade technique at top-tier level six, and Light of Water and Fire was at level seven. After creating Light of Water and Fire, it was difficult for him to make a breakthrough. Last time, in Nine Smoke Marsh, Luo Feng had killed that strange beast true god while being watched by 10,000 true gods. He had tried everything at that time. During that fight, Luo Feng’s blade technique had already improved and had been on the verge of a breakthrough. However, he hadn’t cultivated enough.

In the last 360 strikes, Luo Feng had solidified his foundation in laws, so when he combined water law, fire law, gold law, and space law, he created a forceful blade technique. That blade was an explosion, tearing and destroying everything.

I created that blade technique in Wu Qi Tower, thought Luo Feng, and this time, I must enter the ninth floor and reach the top of Wu Qi Tower. Nobody can stop me, and I’ll crush everyone standing in my way. I’ll call this move Nine Days Path.

The three blade techniques Luo Feng had created were Nirvana Incarnation, Light of Water and Fire, and Nine Days Path! It would definitely be scripted on Blood Shadow Blade. However, this was Wu Qi Tower, so Luo Feng didn’t rush to do that now.

My blade technique is already at top-tier level seven, and it’s the average level compared to all the inheritors from Duan Dong River.

Luo Feng was joyful. Only two previous inheritors from Duan Dong River had created techniques at level eight when they were universe masters, and most of them created those at top-tier level seven.

After reaching a certain level in blade techniques, I can finally start to comprehend the third level of engravings of Shi Wu Wing, and I can do the same thing on Star Tower.

The more powerful the user was, the better the supreme true treasure could be utilized. Luo Feng had killed Pei Xing Master and had gotten another pair of wings. However, he had failed to comprehend the third level of his Shi Wu Wings, as they were far too complicated. Now, his blade technique had reached top-tier level seven, so he’d entered a whole new level, meaning he should be able to comprehend them.

The first level of Shi Wu Wing was “time and space in chaos,” and the second level was “Golden Country.” What would the third level be?

Luo Feng greatly looked forward to it!

In the palace on the third floor of the silver palace, the black mist leader exclaimed, “He’s made a breakthrough on his blade technique! It’s an average true god level.”

Top-tier level six blade techniques were at the elementary true god level. Top-tier level seven was at an average true god level. Top-tier level eight was a senior true god. (The axe technique created by Huge Axe Creator was at this level, and with the supreme true treasure he had, he could wield power at top-tier level nine.) Top-tier level nine was a limit-level true god! With supreme true treasures, they could wield power at a higher level—like Jie Fan Zi.

Top-tier level ten… They were supreme true gods, and such a level could only be attained through the use of supreme true treasures. Of course, some beings could surpass that level. Luo Feng was able to create blade techniques at top-tier level seven as only a universe master, so after becoming a true god, he could easily surpass the so-called limit.

Teacher Origin had created the virtual universe, before being suppressed, without any supreme true treasures, so it was already at top-tier level ten. During the long period of time he had spent being suppressed by the original mind, Teacher Origin had made another breakthrough, and he had already reached the level of true gods of void space. However, he was being suppressed the whole time; his godly body couldn’t be improved because he didn’t get godly power supplies, and his miniature universe couldn’t morph. It was still full of chaos air.

“A law master is able to create blade techniques at ordinary true god level!” the towering leader exclaimed. “It’s incredible. When I was a law master, I was not as good as him.”

“Even though it’s difficult to pass the fifth level, the only thing he needs to do is to resist the attacks,” said the silver-armored female leader with a sigh. “However, this soldier Milky Way is so powerful.”

The fifth level required attack techniques at level seven. The first 360 strikes from that white-caped man were all only at top-tier level six, and the merge blade techniques after those were only at level seven.

As long as Luo Feng wasn’t crushed, the white-caped man would admit defeat in the end!

“Strike 450!”

Luo Feng performed his marvelous blade technique and kept hitting the white-caped man, striking him away. The ground was cracked, leaving a long gully.

Hua!

The white-caped man stood up and said, “You are indeed powerful. I admit defeat.” He threw away his ice blade, and it turned back into snow and dissipated. He took a step forward and walked into the distance. Then he disappeared from Luo Feng’s sight.

Luo Feng was left standing there. “It ended? Just like that?” Luo Feng was dazed. He was growing anxious. “Almost, almost there.”

After creating Nine Days Path, Luo Feng had fought the white-caped man with all his strength. He had tried to create better blade techniques, and every time, Luo Feng was basically suppressing the white-caped man. He absorbed some knowledge from him every time they fought, and he immediately merged that into his blade technique.

Luo Feng wanted to create blade techniques at level eight. Only two of the inheritors of Duan Dong River could do that as universe masters, so Luo Feng wanted to do the same thing. However, it was very difficult. The white-caped man was gone, and Luo Feng still hadn’t succeeded yet.

“It’s not an easy job to create blade techniques at level eight.” Luo Feng sighed.

The white-caped man had performed 450 strikes, and 360 had been built on basic laws! As for merge laws, there had been 90 strikes! All the merge laws showed that the white-caped man was trying to demonstrate as much as he could.

“Huh? He admitted defeat? I succeeded?” The realization suddenly struck Luo Feng. “If I hadn’t used the blade techniques and had used some techniques from supreme true treasures, what would that have led to?”

With supreme true treasures, techniques could be enhanced. Luo Feng realized that Wu Qi Tower had been left by His Majesty the Godly King, and it would be able to tell whether the candidates were using their own techniques or supreme true treasures. Otherwise, it would have been a total joke.

Hong!

A pillar of light covered Luo Feng.

Sou!

Luo Feng disappeared from the snowy land on the fifth floor.

Chapter 1386 - Thousand

Eyes

On the sixth level of Wu Qi Tower, Luo Feng appeared and immediately surveyed his surroundings. This was a world of mountains and hills and appeared immeasurably vast.

The aged voice resonated from the sky high above. “You just need to stay alive to pass the sixth level! Then you may enter the seventh level. Warrior Milky Way, you are very close to the peak of Wu Qi Tower…”

Luo Feng smiled. He just needed to stay alive? What a basic requirement! It seemed to him that this would be an extremely difficult level.

Hong!

Somewhere far away from Luo Feng, within the world of mountains and hills, the vast expanse of a particular region suddenly started to tremble as though some massive creature was about to emerge from beneath. The land started to crack, giving rise to uneven bumps, and a great many shattered mountain rocks started crumbling and tumbling off in all directions. Gradually, a dark green shadow began to emerge from underground.

“There really is a beast emerging from underground?” Luo Feng muttered softly under his breath.

The massive green creature emerged from underground with a loud rumble to fully appear on the surface. It had one of the ugliest faces Luo Feng had ever seen, looking a bit like a dark green toad. However, every inch of its skin seemed to contain an eye. At first glance, it seemed to have at least a few hundred eyes.

“Roar!” The beast tilted its head back and let out an angry roar.

Anxiety! Every eye on its body emitted a golden ray of light. The golden rays shot out in all directions, reaching a maximum distance of 100 million kilometers, then dissipating.

Based on the amount of golden light, Luo Feng arrived at an immediate verdict on the number of eyes on this beast. “A thousand eyes.”

The thousand-eyed beast let out a loud howl before looking at Luo Feng. Half of the eyes on his entire body were looking at him. At the same time, its booming voice, which resonated throughout heaven and earth, declared, “It’s been so long. So very long. I… I finally have the chance to emerge once again. Warrior, I will deal with you slowly. Very slowly. The longer you endure… the happier I will be. On this sixth level of Wu Qi Tower, it is difficult. Very difficult to chance upon a single life form.”

Luo Feng laughed. The longer he could endure? His godly body was now as tall as 100 million kilometers. With such a massive godly body, as well as the rampage he had gone on, scouring and collecting treasures on the third level—especially after that plant life form warrior had been annihilated—he had earned himself a pile of automaton type true treasures. The various automaton type true treasures, when put to good use via effective combination, would enable him to unleash extremely strong combat power.

I will survive, thought Luo Feng. If you seek to force me into giving up on survival, it will be extremely difficult.

“Roar!”

Suddenly, the thousand-eyed beast raised its head and gave an earth-shattering, ferocious roar. The surrounding earth broke up into pieces of continents that started floating up. Every continent had a diameter of around 100 million kilometers; at a brief glance, there was at least 1,000 of them. Then these continents rapidly compressed and condensed together, forming numerous black blades. Each blade was around 300,000 kilometers long. A thousand blades were suspended in void space as the thousand-eyed beast gazed at Luo Feng.

“Warrior,” it said. “I hope you have lived long enough!”

Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua!

A thousand black blades—arranged as if to create a military formation—flew so quickly that they sounded as though they were whistling toward Luo Feng.

“Huh?” Luo Feng frowned.

He was in trouble! The most difficult opponents to deal with were the ones who had control over a large number of spiritual force weapons. If the opponent had merely one such weapon under its control, there wouldn’t be cause for alarm. But controlling 1,000 of these…!

Any single great being, when controlling a spiritual force weapon, would usually go all-out in order to get his spiritual force weapon to unleash its strongest combat power. This was why the common practice was to control one such weapon at any one time. To control ten or even 100 at a time would only serve to weaken the weapons. If that were the case, it would be much better to control one spiritual force weapon at a time instead!

There were some unique circumstances. Luo Feng, for instance, had several other bodies, so naturally, he was able to divide consciousnesses. Every consciousness was fully capable of unleashing an outburst of the strongest combat power.

This thousand-eyed beast had been born with the ability to divide out into 1,000 consciousnesses, and every single consciousness was able to release an outburst of the strongest combat power.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Thousands of blade shadows, flowing like electricity, instantly enshrouded the sky above Luo Feng, then swooped down quickly, leaving Luo Feng no room for escape. As soon as he managed to ward off the first blade shadow, the other 999 had already moved to surround him. He was entrapped within their blade formation.

Bang!

Luo Feng executed his warm-up method, and with Blood Ghost blade in his hands, it was as though his entire being was a gigantic blade. With a single bang, he established contact with the other blade and very quickly made use of its strength to fly backward. However, upon being thrown backward, the black blade was quick to recover and gave chase. The other black blades around him also charged toward him.

“How troublesome.” Luo Feng gritted his teeth. “Spiritual force weapons and great beings! The difference is that the speed at which these spiritual force weapons move is far faster than great beings! However, to me, this is pointless.”

Luo Feng started executing his body technique without inhibitions.

To him, this form of quantity-based attack was meaningless. If it was a collective attack, Luo Feng might have perhaps been scared and attempted to escape, but this was merely a siege. Tt every one time, there could, at most, be eight to ten blades attacking him; he certainly did not fear such attacks.

“The fifth level, sixth level, and seventh level… Out of these three levels, the sixth level would most probably be the easiest level for this warrior, Milky Way.” Black Mist commander looked at the screen and further commented, “Warrior Milky Way’s body technique is the most astounding thing about him. And the aspect being tested on the sixth level is mainly one’s body technique!”

“Earlier on, a handful already made it past the sixth level,” said the silver-armored female commander. “With body techniques much stronger than any of them, it would naturally be much easier for Warrior Milky Way to pass the sixth level.” She smiled lightly and added, “I am just wondering: To what extent of his skill will this warrior force Thousand Eyes to execute?”

The burly commander by the side also nodded. “Warrior Milky Way is taking things so easily. Thousand Eyes must feel as if his dignity is at stake. He will attack even more aggressively and continuously until he can suppress this Milky Way and deprive him of any possibility of retaliation. Then it will rest its case.”

“I am going to place my bet!” said the evil-looking beast commander seated at the far right. “Thousand Eyes will execute its Thousand Eyes Heart Light in order to defeat Warrior Milky Way.”

It was indeed a breeze for Luo Feng.

Previously, to hone his body techniques within the virtual space in the space of inheritance, Luo Feng had made use of all possible ways, and in the virtual space, he had sparred with generations of super great beings to learn from their skills. Among them, there was certainly a substantial number who controlled spiritual force weapons! Luo Feng had even tried sparring with opponents like the three generations of ancestors… So what could possibly be new to him?

His body techniques included various warfare methods to help him deal with close-range combat, spiritual force weapons, and restraining-type weapons!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

A thousand blades surrounded Luo Feng, and everything seemed to become a single, blurry, knife-like shadow. This shadow clashed and crashed against the other blades. Crisp sounds of blades knocking against one another were heard, and most of the time, these sounds were made when Blood Ghost Blade was colliding with another blade surrounding it. Occasionally, Luo Feng’s godly body would receive a blow. Bet no matter what, he tried his best to situate himself in the most advantageous position.

“If we are to go on like this, even one era later, you still can’t do much harm to me.” Luo Feng looked at the far away thousand-eyed beast.

The thousand-eyed beast tried its best to control his weapon. In such a situation, how could it now realize how easy things were for his opponent? It was also shocked. Since the day it had first stepped foot here, Luo Feng was, by far, a warrior with the most powerful body techniques that it had ever encountered. And it seemed like, up till now, it had yet to force this warrior to reach his limit.

The thousand-eyed beast let out an angry roar. “You little warrior!”

Suddenly, the attack method of the 1,000 blades laying siege to Luo Feng all at once changed. Previously, all the blades had surrounded him in order to attack, but it was merely a simple coordinated method of attack.

But at that moment—the moment the blades attacked—it would be ten blades acting together. At one point, 1,000 blades were divided into 100 teams, and every team had ten blades working in perfect harmony. Therefore, their collaboration enabled their power to soar by more than ten times, instantly forcing Luo Feng—who had previously been able to take things easy—into a tight corner.

“Just what kind of a beast is this?” Luo Feng muttered. “One heart for 1,000 blades? And every blade technique is so powerful!”

Luo Feng was going crazy as he tried his best to put up resistance. Not only must he dodge and evade, but he also had to attack at the same time. His body technique was truly at a full-force outburst. This was it!

At times dodging, at times attacking—the perfect combination of attacking and dodging to borrow strength from one another. This was the strongest body technique. At one point in time, it was as though everything within heaven and earth was falling apart.

Hong! Long! Long!

Nine Days Path was a blade technique that was often executed. Once this blade technique was executed, every blade in the surrounding would be immediately ripped apart, bombarded, and then thrown off into the distance. At that time, the entire 1,000-knife formation was thrown into a complete mess.

Hong! Long! Long!

Anywhere Luo Feng traversed would be bombed and torn apart, leaving behind destroyed lands. Furthermore, he was relying on borrowed strength when dodging. Thus, he was completely in control, as well as placed in a totally advantageous position.

“I was wrong.” The evil beast commander watching the scene on screen was shocked as he exclaimed, “Even with Thousand Eyes executing Thousand Eyes Heart Light, it still could not defeat Warrior Milky Way. Earlier on, during the fight, he merely seemed to be dodging the attacks. Who would have expected him to incorporate his blade technique into his body technique? This had allowed his body technique to attain an even higher level of strength.”

Attacking was the best form of defense. One powerful attack could lend strength to a dodge, making it easier by ten to 100 times. Yet, on the other hand, any mistake in attack would bring about a nightmare.

That was why it was extremely difficult to incorporate an attack into a body technique. It required a great deal of experience and someone who was extremely gifted to be able to refine and create such a body technique. Even Luo Feng himself, who had spent more than eight million eras to create this body technique, was extremely proud of it. Judging by the accomplishments of generations of heirs of Duan Dong River… even Luo Feng felt that his ability to comprehend was extremely high.

“Executing Thousand Eyes Heart Light.”

“Thousand Eyes must be going crazy after being cornered into such a desperate situation.”

The four commanders were discussing among themselves.

“As expected, even if Thousand Eyes Heart Light was executed, Thousand Eyes would only gain a slight advantage,” the burly commander said. “There was no way he could defeat that Warrior Milky Way. His body technique… was at the level of law master and had achieved perfection to become absolutely formidable.”

In the world of mountains and hills within the sixth level of Wu Qi Tower.

“Warrior, you are indeed very impressive,” said the thousand-eyed beast. “Even I am unable to defeat you. You are truly one of the most powerful warriors I have ever come across… maybe, you will be able to reach the peak of Wu Qi Tower.”

The dark green, thousand-eyed beast suddenly bore a hole and penetrated deep within the ground with a loud crash. Then he disappeared from Luo Feng’s line of sight. The thousand blades in Luo Feng’s surroundings instantly became countless flowing lights that flew out into the distance. Thereafter, they landed with loud crashes to become mountains and hills.

Luo Feng heaved a sigh of relief.

“Such madness. 1,000 blades all wielded with one heart,” Luo Feng was muttering to himself. “His energy outburst, from the start until the end, is comparable to mine. Yet, at the very end, he could release an outburst at this level.”

Luo Feng was also aware of this. It was that he was weak, but his opponent was strong. His opponent might have just been maintaining this energy. The true identity of this opponent might have been a true god of void space!

At that moment, a streak of light descended from the sky and enshrouded Luo Feng. Instantly, Luo Feng disappeared from the world found on the sixth level of Wu Qi Tower.

Chapter 1387 - Godly Eye

Technique

On the seventh floor of Wu Qi Tower was an ice-cold world. A nearly transparent ice mountain was close in front of Luo Feng.

“The seventh floor!” Luo Feng was excited. “There are nine floors in Wu Qi Tower in total. The first eight floors are the tests, and if I can get to the ninth floor, I’ll succeed!”

The more Luo Feng thought about it, the more Luo Feng was convinced that there was a huge secret hidden on the ninth floor of Wu Qi Tower!

“There are only two hazards left. The one on the seventh and the eighth floor.”

Luo Feng looked around warily. No matter how powerful he was, he needed to be cautious. The closer he got to approaching the final victory, the more cautious he needed to be.

Hua!

Space ripples spread in the sky where cold air was spreading, and a giant single eye appeared.

“A Godly Eye?” Luo Feng was dazed.

The third floor featured the final deathtrap on Wu Qi Tower. It had the same godly eye, which produced a powerful “mind shock.”

“Why does the seventh floor have a godly eye as well? Is it also a mind shock?” Luo Feng was hesitant. “But it must be the same as the third floor. There should at least be something different.”

Weng!

The godly eye gave out a blurry golden light, covering Luo Feng.

“Soldier Milky Way.” The ancient voice was echoing in Luo Feng’s ears. “If you pass the test of the godly eye, you’ll enter the eighth floor of Wu Qi Tower, which will be your final test in Wu Qi Tower.”

The ancient voice faded.

Hong!

The blurry golden light gave out a forceful “mind shock,” irritating Luo Feng. It was indeed a mental shock as powerful as the one on the third floor of Wu Qi Tower when the test there had ended.

“Mind shock?” Luo Feng looked up at the godly eye. He had to take it directly without running away.

It was invisible, so there was no way he could hide from it. He had to resist it directly—mind versus mind!

“Why does the seventh floor still have a mind shock?” Luo Feng was perplexed. Then he stopped thinking and tried to fight that mental shock with all his power.

The four leaders stared at the screen.

“That soldier Milky Way’s mind is very strong, so it should be easy for him to pass the seventh floor.” The voice of the towering leader was rumbling. “Let’s see how much he can learn from the ‘Godly Eye Technique.’”

“Godly Eye Technique was created by Majesty of Godly King,” said the black mist leader. “It’s a special technique, and in the World of Jin, only the special ones can be sealed. Those that have special contributions and those with great potential can be bestowed.”

“Okay, six soldiers made it to the seventh floor of Wu Qi Tower. Five of them failed, and one of them succeeded and made it to the eighth floor. The worst of them didn’t even finish the first volume, and the best finished the third volume.”

“Let’s see how many volumes this Milky Way can learn!”

Luo Feng didn’t know that; he was fighting the mind shock using all his strength. Sometimes, he looked at the godly eye in the sky, and sometimes, he looked at the nearly transparent ice mountain around him.

I’m just supposed to fight the mind shock like this? Luo Feng thought. What’s the limit of this godly eye?

Even though Luo Feng had strong willpower, everything had its limits. If that godly eye attack went beyond his limit, he would pass out and be transported out.

It’s a great chance to sharpen my willpower, though, thought Luo Feng. There are eight levels of hazards in Wu Qi Tower. I don’t think the seventh floor will stop me.

Luo Feng kept resisting it. The blurry golden light covered everything below. Luo Feng looked as if he were wearing a golden cloth.

The mind shock was getting more and more powerful, and it reached the level of the limit of a true god in no time. But that was nothing to Luo Feng.

“Huh?” Luo Feng glanced at the ice mountain. “What’s that?”

On the surface of the ice mountain, ancient characters appeared. They were all characters from the ancient civilization, and they covered the mountain. The characters were from the first volume of Godly Eye Technique!

“Godly Eye Technique?” Luo Feng was exhilarated after reading the first line. “Haha! All the floors after the third level have prizes. Although there are hazards as well, there are lots of prizes. The seventh floor gives techniques directly!”

Secret techniques were different from techniques. Techniques at the universe-knight level didn’t mean anything to universe masters, and with great beings becoming more powerful, they needed to create techniques that were suitable for them. Those techniques at a lower level didn’t help them at all.

However, secret techniques were different. Duan Mie, Dong Hua, and Undying River were all secret techniques, and they were universally useful. A powerful secret technique like Undying River could certainly boost someone’s power.

Secret techniques were invaluable even in the ancient civilization. Luo Feng had obtained a whole set of Duan Mie before, but under the restrictions of the original mind, he had only been able to read the first three volumes. However, once someone became a true god of void space, he would be able to read the latter material of Duan Mie. While someone was only a universe master or a true god, Duan Mie could help them trump many godly power burning techniques, and it would help them remain at an advantage after they reached a higher level. This advantage would remain.

In the World of Jin, only the first several levels of godly power burning techniques were spread.

“I got a secret technique!” Luo Feng said, elated. “Let me see which secret technique it is. Does Duan Dong River have it also?”

Duan Dong River only had one inheritor for each generation. However, His Majesty the Godly King had built an entire superpower. Perhaps those techniques owned by His Majesty the Godly King were not owned by Duan Dong River.

“Huh?” Luo Feng looked carefully.

As for the mental shock, it was nothing to Luo Feng.

“Godly Eye Technique is a technique for the mind!” Luo Feng was overjoyed.

A great gain! A great chance! He had the Duan Dong River inheritance, and he was also familiar with the ancient civilization, so he knew exactly how important Godly Eye Technique was.

Godly Eye Technique was a secret technique using the mind! Perhaps the ancestral teachers from Duan Dong River had been able to create three or four volumes, but if the ancestral teachers were proficient in it, they wouldn’t have been able to create them at an exceptional level. Three or four volumes were nothing to a powerful group or an inheritance. Only those that were complete—those techniques that were exceptional across the entire ancient civilization—were useful. Like Duan Mie, Dong Hua, and Undying River, for example.

Luo Feng read the introduction of the first volume of Godly Eye Technique

Willpower. Every great being has willpower. Some have stronger willpower, while others have weaker willpower! When a weak being dies, everything will go away. However, when a great being dies, his willpower will remain. A drop of blood or scales. All of them will contain great mental pressure.

When great beings are still alive, they will fight each other, and when the minds fight each other, great beings can toy with their enemies’ heads. If the willpower between the two competitors is too large, the stronger one could put the weaker one into a coma, rendering him powerless.

Luo Feng nodded his head. A great being had a soul, a consciousness, and willpower! If their souls were destroyed, they would be dead forever!

As for one’s consciousness, it was built on the soul. The more powerful someone’s soul was, the greater his consciousness would be. When two great beings fought each other, if there was a huge gap of consciousness between them—like between true gods and universe knights—the stronger could crush the weaker’s soul easily!

However, willpower was different! Willpower wasn’t correlated with souls. Even if someone had a weak soul and a weak consciousness, he could still possess mighty willpower!

When someone was weak, willpower didn’t help much. The best it could do would be to resist illusions. And when someone died, his willpower would dissipate and be rendered useless. However, when someone became a true god, a true god of void space, or even more superior, willpower would become of great use.

Even when a supreme being died, his willpower would remain, such as in the drop of godly blood Luo Feng had. However, even in the ancient civilization, some great beings only knew how to use willpower through primitive means; they didn’t know how to utilize it in a more flexible way.

Willpower was not material. So how could one use it?

Only supreme beings who comprehended willpower could create some techniques based on willpower. They were not like burning power techniques. Even true gods of void space could comprehend the first level of a godly power burning technique. As for a willpower technique, even eternal true gods couldn’t comprehend them. Only those who mastered chaos laws could comprehend them.

Godly Eye Technique was a secret technique created by His Majesty the Godly King.

“Only those whose willpower has reached the level of true gods of void space can practice Godly Eye Technique? Huh? It’s kind of like practicing hearts.”

Luo Feng was reading the pondering the first volume of Godly Eye Technique. Other than some of the practice guides of secret techniques, there were also guides on how to improve one’s willpower. Based on the material, one needed to focus on his heart, analyze it, learn more about it, and keep improving oneself.

The godly eye kept emanating blurry golden light, and the “willpower shock” inside kept being strengthened. It had already surpassed the limit true god level.

There was a huge gap between limit true gods and true gods of void space. However, Luo Feng couldn’t still easily resist it.

Characters kept appearing on the ice mountain, yet this was still the first volume. Apparently, it was a long volume. Then characters stopped showing up, and the first volume of Godly Eye Technique was shown on the ice mountain in its entirety.

“It took a long time to show only the first volume. If someone’s willpower isn’t stronger than limit true gods, he might not be able to read the first volume.” Luo Feng sighed.

He saw another ice mountain in the distance, and characters began to appear on its surface as well. “Oh! The second volume of Godly Eye Technique!”

Luo Feng was amazed and began to memorize them.

Chapter 1388 - The Final

Challenge

Many characters started to emerge from the transparent, icy mountainside, and with a single glance, Luo Feng could read the new techniques instantly. It was the whole chapter of the second volume. He had already completed reading the whole volume!

Luo Feng was relieved.

After only a while…

“Again!”

Luo Feng turned around and looked at another ice mountain in the distance. He could see characters appearing wildly on the transparent, icy mountainside. It was the third volume of Godly Eye Technique.

The characters kept emerging, seemingly without end.

The black mist Leader looked at the screen in the palace. “Is this already the third volume of Godly Eye Technique? So fast… Wow… The first three volumes are all there already. Milky Way has already learned the first three volumes, which means that compared to all the previous soldiers who attempted this task, he is the best candidate. There are nine volumes in total. Let’s see which volume he’ll end with.”

“Did His Majesty the Godly King put all the nine volumes there?” the towering leader asked, perplexed.

The other leaders shook their heads. “Who knows? The best soldier previously only finished the first three volumes. Who knows how many volumes His Majesty the Godly King put in there?”

Even though the four of them were leaders, and all four were sealed great beings, even they weren’t qualified to get all the nine volumes of Godly Eye Technique! After all, to a powerful group, the more advanced a technique was, the more important it was to the group. They were offered on a merit-based system, which meant that those who made more contributions would obtain more techniques.

“The fourth volume!”

“He’s started the fourth volume. The willpower shock is incredible right now, yet that soldier Milky Way doesn’t seem to be affected much.”

“Perhaps he can comprehend more.”

The four leaders were all curious about how much Milky Way could learn.

Luo Feng was relieved. Finally, he had finished the first four volumes. Each volume had lots of material, and it had taken a while for it to be completely revealed on the ice mountain. He had been afraid that he might not be able to resist it.

“The fifth volume!”

Luo Feng looked toward another ice mountain, and many characters emerged on it. It was the fifth volume of Godly Eye Technique.

Luo Feng grew irritated after just one-third of the fifth volume had emerged.

“No.”

He took a look at the godly eye in the sky. The blurry, golden light was covering him, and the willpower shock was becoming stronger.

“Such a strong willpower shock!” Luo Feng said, feeling anxious. “I can already feel the great intense pressure. It must be at the level of a senior true god of void space now.”

Luo Feng kept staring at the icy mountain in the distance. The characters continued to arise. He was reluctant to have his willpower crumble before finishing that volume.

Pressure! Vigorous pressure weighed on his willpower! It felt like a mountain, and it was becoming heavier, slowing down Luo Feng’s thinking.

“The fifth volume! Quick! Quick!” Luo Feng was nervous.

Another 15 seconds passed. The contents of the fifth volume were shown in their entirety on the ice mountain, and a new volume started to emerge on yet another ice mountain.

“The sixth volume…” said Luo Feng.

He could sense that the technique was emerging faster and faster. In truth, the Godly Eye Technique was indeed emerging at a gradually faster pace with each volume.

“Ah!”

Luo Feng’s face went pale under that horrifying mental shock. His body trembled, yet he was still staring at the ice mountain in the distance. He continued memorizing the material of the sixth volume.

Hong!

Luo Feng couldn’t help falling to the ground.

“No! No!” said Luo Feng. He knew he had reached his limit. He was not in the space of inheritance to sharpen his willpower; if the willpower shock got stronger, he would pass out. “No!”

Luo Feng desperately desired to read more about the Godly Eye Technique.

“I can’t fall down! At least six volumes! I must finish six volumes!”

Luo Feng was roaring inside. Each second felt like an era, which made it feel as if the characters were emerging too slowly.

I must finish it. I must do it!

It was Luo Feng’s only thought: to finish the first six volumes. He had to finish them! He had to!

Luo Feng could sense that his willpower was crumbling, but he was still pulling through. He stared into the distance and wondered why the characters were emerging so slowly! Why didn’t they appear all at once?

Finally, all the characters of the sixth volume of the Godly Eye Technique appeared on the ice mountain. At the same time, the seventh volume started to emerge on the mountainside of another ice mountain. However, Luo Feng couldn’t hold on any longer after enduring the sixth volume. He blacked out without reading the seventh volume.

Hong!

A pillar of light appeared and covered Luo Feng, who was unconscious. Finally, he left the seventh floor.

All four leaders went quiet. They were staring at the screen, collectively holding their breath. At a crucial moment, the characters emerged faster and faster. There wasn’t any time gap between volumes, and the longer Luo Feng could persevere, the more material he could read! He could tell that it was difficult for law masters to improve when they reached the limit, which was why the Godly Eye Technique emerged faster and faster.

“The fifth volume is done.”

“The sixth volume was also finished. Soldier Milky Way fell.”

Luo Feng disappeared from the screen. The four leaders felt relieved.

“Sixth volume!”

“Unfortunately, he fell before the seventh volume was finished. However, it’s all blurred, so we can’t see anything.”

“It’s not surprising that he couldn’t finish the seventh volume. After all, His Majesty the Godly King only gave us the first six volumes. Milky Way is only a law master, yet he was able to complete the first six volumes. He’s more impressive than us.”

The four leaders were chatting with each other. There was nothing on the screen.

“Let’s take it back,” said the towering leader.

“Okay,” said the black mist leader. The screen disappeared from the palace.

After all, even the four leaders couldn’t see anything on the eighth and ninth floor, which was why they had no idea what hazards waited on the eighth floor or what kind of secret His Majesty the Godly King had left behind on the ninth floor.

“Wait.”

“Yes, we can only wait. If that soldier Milky Way can get the inheritance successfully, the sealing task will disappear automatically.”

There was only one task for law masters, and if someone succeeded, the task would disappear and wouldn’t show up again.

“Can this soldier succeed?” The black mist leader was worried. “One soldier made it to the eighth floor, but he failed in the end. We asked him about the eighth floor when he exited, but he couldn’t remember anything about it.”

“There’s got to be a huge secret on the eighth floor,” said the silver-armored female leader. “Otherwise, His Majesty the Godly King wouldn’t have erased his memories.”

“Just wait and see.”

The leaders were indeed curious. They had been born in the World of Jin, so they were absolutely loyal to His Majesty the Godly King. With one order, they would die for the Godly King without hesitation. However, they were also curious. They had been in Godly King Valley for a long time, and their job was to find the peerless talent sought by their Godly King.

His Majesty the Godly King eagerly sought this talented individual. What was there on the eighth and ninth floors of Wu Qi Tower?

Luo Feng saw that the time and space around him were twisted, and he was transported to the eighth floor.

Even after Luo Feng appeared on the eighth floor of Wu Qi Tower, he was still mesmerized by the scenes on the seventh floor. “It’s indeed difficult to make a breakthrough in willpower. On the seventh floor, my willpower is strengthened, and I should reach the level of a top-tier true god of void space. It’s close to the limit of true gods of void space.

“Six volumes. I got six volumes of the Godly Eye Technique. Only the first three volumes of Duan Mie are suitable for true gods to practice, and these six volumes of Godly Eye Technique will take me a long time to finish.”

Luo Feng was quite content. Even Duan Dong River didn’t have Godly Eye Technique, which meant it was a powerful technique owned exclusively by “Jin.”

“I’m on the eighth floor now, which is the last challenge on Wu Qi Tower—my last step to the top.” Luo Feng looked around.

There was a space around him, and there was a small landform floating in the vast space in the distance. It was so small that it might take Luo Feng 100 steps to finish walking from one end to the other. There was only one landform in the endless space.

Luo Feng flew toward it like a streak of light. It appeared to be close, but it took him a long time to reach it. Time and space seemed to be suppressed, so he couldn’t teleport.

“There’s a huge secret in hidden in Wu Qi Tower. That sealed being is extraordinary. Nobody has succeeded in the endless time… What will stand in my way to discovering the huge secret?”

Luo Feng was curious and worried at the same time. The final challenge was all that stood between him and the huge secret, so it surely wouldn’t be simple.

The eighth level… It would be the final task! And it awaited him on that small island.

Sou!

He flew for a long time before landing on the island. It looked arid and desolate. However, on the ground were many ancient characters.

“Huh?” Luo Feng took a look.

The characters were simple…

The eighth level is the final step to the top.

Observe the space around you and get one technique.

If you can succeed, you’ll reach the ninth level of Wu Qi Tower.

If you fail, your memories will be erased, and you’ll leave Wu Qi Tower.

After Luo Feng finished reading the instructions, the ancient characters disappeared. He raised up his head and looked around at the space. Huge characters showed up in the space around him. Each one looked like a star, connecting with each other to form a picture. There wasn’t a single comma between the characters. They were all connected; he couldn’t tell where the start was or where the end was.

Chapter 1389 - The World of

Scrolls

Luo Feng stood on the suspended miniature continent and surveyed his surroundings.

“Looking around the void space, I can obtain one secret technique. And upon mastering it, I can enter the ninth level? If I fail, all my memories will be erased, and I will have to leave Wu Qi Tower?”

Luo Feng frowned. The temptation to enter the ninth level, especially when he was so close to achieving it, was extremely great. But the countless characters suspended in the void space around him left him in a daze thanks to their overwhelming numbers. He did know where to start.

At first glance, they were like a sky filled with stars. Every character was one star, and they were all connected to one another. But because all of them were gathered together, it was impossible to identify where the starting point of this secret technique was or where its end would be. He did not even know where there could be pauses.

“To cultivate this secret technique, I must first organize all its contents?” Luo Feng looked at the countless characters suspended all over the surrounding void space. “But I know nothing about any of it. How am I going to divide them up into phases? If I cannot divide them into phases, how am I going to start the cultivation?”

Luo Feng was frustrated.

Time passed. In a blink of the eye, nine days had gone by.

“How do I cultivate?” Luo Feng wondered aloud.

He looked at the numerous characters. Each was emitting light rays that were at times strong and at other times weak. It was like a gigantic scroll whose start and end were connected. It was presented right before Luo Feng, but he could not understand anything about it. The rays of light from the characters were nothing new to him, but he still could not make enough sense of them to be able to comprehend their meaning.

“Does this mean I have to stop at the eighth level?” Luo Feng was very reluctant. But the countless characters on the gigantic scroll seemed so profound—like characters in a Holy Writ that he simply could not fathom.

Buzz!

All of a sudden, Luo Feng, who had been studying the characters, suddenly witnessed all the characters on the gigantic scroll suspended in void space lighting up. Instantly, his consciousness was pulled within the scroll. It was as if he was using a virtual universe sensor so that his consciousness could enter the virtual universe. At that moment, his consciousness entered the scroll.

Luo Feng stood on that suspended continent, unmoving. Far away in the surrounding void space, on the circular scroll with countless characters that resembled stars, there was an upsurge of light rays that were flashing and shining intermittently. At that moment, it was as though they were following a unique rhythm.

Hua!

A blurred figure condensed and appeared within the void space. He was garbed in a luxurious robe that had faint black rays encircling it. As a blurry shadow, he stood amid the void space as though he was the core of the entire world on the eighth level. Exuding an aura of absolute elegance, he looked far into the distance at Luo Feng who stood rooted to his spot on the miniature continent he was on.

“This is the second one,” the black figure gently whispered. “The previous one whose consciousness managed to enter the world of scrolls was quick to fail. Let’s see if this one can succeed or not…

“Perhaps I have been asking for too much? My World of Jin might be vast and mighty, but to give rise to an extraordinary figure who could cultivate this secret technique… Maybe it was just too unrealistic. But other than this, what else can I do? What else can I do? My original body has been annihilated… I have no other choice, no other choice.” The black ray figure quietly lamented. “Among countless lives, there a miracle is bound to be born.”

The black, ray-like figure looked at Luo Feng from afar with a look of earnest longing on his face.

Luo Feng stood rooted to his spot in a dazed manner. His consciousness had already entered the world of scrolls.

The world of scrolls.

Luo Feng could only feel his consciousness being attracted into the world. It was a feeling similar to entering a virtual world. Everything before him changed, and he arrived before a towering palace that was radiating a faint purple light.

This palace was constructed on the peak of sprawling, high mountains. At first glance, the towering palace seemed to be enveloped by the clouds. Therefore, everything around it seemed to be blurred. Just one glance, Luo Feng could already feel the powerful suppression. He turned to look back into the distance. He could see no end to the vast mountain range.

“What place is this? I was just looking at those characters in the void space a while ago, and my consciousness was forcibly pulled into this place?”

This place seemed all the more mysterious to Luo Feng. How powerful was his willpower? And yet those characters within the void space that composed the circular scroll had been able to pull his consciousness here by force.

“Come in! Come in! Come in!”

From within the doors of the towering palace that was radiating faint purple light, sounds of beckoning could be heard, causing Luo Feng to fall into a daze right away. Moving as though his will was not his own, he walked toward the palace doors right away and entered the depths of the great hall.

“Huh?” Luo Feng was abruptly awakened. Immediately, he looked around the place. “I am already within the hall? Unknowingly and without any trace of vigilance, I was pulled under control. This… this difference in power is much too great.”

This was an extremely beautiful hall. To the sides, there were numerous exquisite pillars, and on every pillar were carvings of various pictures. A distance away, some decorations were found on the walls. All of these exuded a powerful oppressive force. Luo Feng wanted to take a closer look, but no matter how he tried, he could not see anything clearly; even the ground beneath his feet was unclear. It was as though he looked at everything through a thick mist.

Hong!

The entire hall suddenly trembled.

Luo Feng immediately turned around, and within the same hall he was in, a beast appeared. It was covered entirely with black scales, and its body resembled the form of a lion. On its forehead was a curved purple horn, and both its eyes were filled with purple light. It could be seen walking about the palace hall, and its presence caused the entire hall to tremble.

“You are…” Luo Feng looked at the beast.

“I am the secret technique itself,” the purple horned beast replied proudly.

Luo Feng was taken aback. “The secret technique itself?”

“Why, even weapons can have spirits. Why can’t this secret technique have a spirit too?” The purple horned beast snorted.

Luo Feng was dumbfounded. Then he went wild with ecstasy. Oh, god! The spirit of a secret technique!

If it had been a warrior from the World of Jin, then he might not have understood what was meant by a “spirit of a secret technique.” But Luo Feng, who had received the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, possessed knowledge of the ancient civilization. Naturally, he would understand. Within the ancient civilization, only a few formidable super existences who stood at the apex of the entire ancient civilization would go to such lengths and spend such a great deal of effort to refine and produce a piece of a treasure of a secret technique for the sake of choosing a suitable heir to inherit the sets of knowledge they took great pride in.

To enable a secret technique to contain a spirit was a very stringent process that involved combining a secret technique and a spirit. From the pulse of Duan Dong River, only the three generations of ancestors could have achieved that. No heir from the other generations had been successful.

When a secret technique had a spirit, it would be able to choose a master that truly suited it. If other great beings vainly attempted to rely on their strong powers to forcibly seize this secret technique, they were bound for failure. And if the secret technique was unable to recognize a master, any attempt to kill its spirit would be impossible to achieve. After all, only a master could easily eradicate the spirit of a treasure. In other words, a particular super great being would naturally be able to destroy the spirit of a treasure when he destroyed that treasure. However, out of all those who could refine treasures of secret techniques, were there any who were not super existences from the ancient civilization?

Even for the three generations of ancestors who could come up with a spirit of a secret technique, even when it came to the ancestors themselves, if the spirit of a treasure they created did not recognize them as masters, there was no way they could destroy the treasures —even if they were the creators of these treasures. So, destroying such a spirit of a secret technique was difficult, but to meet the requirements and acquire the set of knowledge that these peak existences were so proud of was even more difficult.

“Exactly what sort of secret technique would specially require a spirit of a secret technique? Could this be something that His Majesty the Godly King created?” Luo Feng mumbled to himself. “Even from the pulse of Duan Dong River, only the three generations of ancestors could achieve this.”

Facing this purple horned beast, Luo Feng obediently sat beside it and listened. After all, even the three generations of ancestors could not use force against it, so everything had to be done according to the rules determined by the creator of this spirit of a secret technique.

“For you to be able to enter the world of scrolls, you must have a solid foundation,” the purple horned beast said. “However, whether or not you can obtain this secret technique depends on your skills. Look carefully—”

The purple horned beast’s sharp horn suddenly shot out four beams of light rays.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Four rays of light bombarded in four different directions within the hall, and all of a sudden, four huge rolls of scrolls appeared on each of the four walls within the hall simultaneously. As the scrolls unrolled during descent, countless characters could be seen on the scrolls. However, three out of the four scrolls contained characters that were blurred.

Only one of these scrolls was different. And that was the one suspended in midair before the palace doors. Every character on that scroll was crystal clear. Luo Feng could finish reading it without trouble.

“These four scrolls,” the purple horned beast said. “Before your eyes is the only one you can see clearly. This is the acceptance guide of the secret technique.”

“Acceptance guide of the secret technique?” Luo Feng nodded.

Acceptance guide of secret technique. For the existences of the ancient civilization who stood at the peak, it was never easy to find an heir. Getting killed during the maturing process was not a big deal. But after a warrior was killed and one’s memory was being searched, if the super-secret technique it took such great pride were to be leaked out into the open, there would be big trouble. This was why they would usually deploy many means of precautionary measures.

The “inheritance imprints” of the pulse of Duan Dong River were one such example., Under the restraint of the inheritance imprints, Luo Feng was unable to leak out anything about it. Even if he had been killed and his memory had been searched, the inheritance imprints would break up and destroy everything, so it was impossible for the enemy to find anything.

Of course, there were many groups of powers, like His Majesty the Godly King of Jin, who, when handing over to someone under his command, would also follow the progress of his subordinate. If his subordinate’s abilities grew stronger, then gradually, he would impart more profound knowledge. This was because the more powerful his subordinate was, the more difficult it would be to search his memory.

If it was not truly an inheritance of a pulse, and he was not imparting it to a subordinate, then he would use methods like the “spirit of a secret technique” to cast the net and search for an heir. Usually, an “acceptance guide” of a secret technique would be used, and once this acceptance guide of secret technique was mastered, the truly powerful secret technique would be accepted and guided in to become internalized. By then, even if one’s memories were searched, under the influence of the acceptance guide, there would be no way the true secret technique could be found.

The acceptance guide of a secret technique not only had the function of protecting the secret technique. It also had the ability to choose an appropriate heir. This secret technique would be fraught with difficulties, and only those who managed to fulfill the various requirements would be able to master this technique.

Mastering the acceptance guide of a secret technique would naturally mean that one could master this secret technique. Therefore, he would be accepted and guided into it.

Everything would be completed.

The more powerful a secret technique is, thought Luo Feng, even for a true god of void space, an eternal true god, or someone higher up in rank, all of them would still have to go through cultivation. I am merely a law master, so I will certainly not be able to master the entire secret technique now. If I were able to master it all, then it would mean this secret technique carried no value at all.

So, the significance of the eighth level of Wu Qi Tower, regretfully, is to master the acceptance guide of a secret technique and, thereafter, to completely internalize this powerful secret technique within one’s own soul! Upon memorizing it, one would be considered to have succeeded. If the acceptance guide of a secret technique is never fully mastered, then the result will be failure.

Luo Feng was quick to pick up on understanding the true significance of the eighth level of Wu Qi Tower. Upon mastering the acceptance guide of the secret technique, he would be able to obtain the entire secret technique. After that, he would be able to enter the ninth level of Wu Qi Tower.

This would be the final barrier to overcome!

This acceptance guide of secret technique must be very difficult. Otherwise, there would not be so many obstacles still to face ahead. And since long ago, there has been no one who has succeeded within the World of Jin.

Luo Feng started to look very carefully at that scroll suspended before the palace doors. At his side, the purple horned beast was still speaking.

“This acceptance guide of a secret technique is very stringent,” it said. “The cultivators should ideally be law masters, and as for the highest level, one could, at most, be a true god. Any higher than that, and it would be impossible to achieve success in cultivation.”

Chapter 1390 - No Way Back

Luo Feng concentrated all his attention, reading the picture of “Na Yin Technique.” There were countless characters on the picture, but fortunately, Luo Feng had an incredible memory, so he was able to memorize all the characters instantly with only one look.

“Na Yin…”

Luo Feng pondered the material of that technique in silence. He wanted to get a deeper understanding of it, and he needed to train on the basis of the material later.

There was a saying that sharpening one’s axe wouldn’t delay the cutting of firewood. This was definitely a crucial moment for Luo Feng, so he needed to be patient. He couldn’t rush it.

“This Na Yin Technique is very demanding,” the purple-horned strange beast said. “Since the time when I was created by my master, countless peerless talents have tried to get it, but nobody has ever succeeded.”

Luo Feng glanced at the purple-horned strange beast and was shocked. Countless peerless talents? He didn’t think “countless” peerless talents had made their way to the eighth floor.

“As for you, you might fail.” The purple-horned strange beast took a look at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng concentrated all his attention on the picture and kept analyzing and pondering it. He soon knew the detailed steps for practice, and as soon as he understood all the procedures, he immediately started to practice.

The purple-horned strange beast was a bit surprised. “He started just like that, without any signs… But I bet he might fail in the end.”

The beast bent its hoofs and lay in the palace. It had its head lowered, and it was waiting beside Luo Feng—waiting for him to fail so he could send him out.

Once Luo Feng started the training, his entire body and all of the bodies he had couldn’t help being immersed in the techniques he read before. The earthling original body, Golden Horned Beast body, Mosha body, and Remote Ocean body all started to practice.

Hua!

In the primal universe, in the primal secret region of the human territory, the enormous Remote Ocean suddenly became tranquil, and there was a trace of white light glinting across the entire ocean. They were fires, each emitting white light indiscriminately. At the same time, the white light gave off mental shocks that were being enhanced gradually, waves of which permeated Remote Ocean.

Some of the undying fighters and sector lords in spaceships flying above Remote Ocean felt a horrendous willpower shock sweeping through them.

Hong!

They all passed out instantly.

Remote Ocean was vast, and it was the most important place in the primal secret region. Many universe masters from the Hong Alliance gathered here, and with the willpower shock permeating from the tumbling, endless Remote Ocean, many sector lords, undying fighters, and even universe knights passed out. This shocked many great beings in the primal secret region.

“What happened to the Remote Ocean body of Milky Way Horde Leader?”

“Why is there white light everywhere? The willpower shock is terrific. Even universe knights couldn’t withstand it.”

“Such a strong willpower shock… Even I feel pressured.”

Universe masters from the Hong Alliance stood on the edge of Remote Ocean, staring across the vast waters. Some human universe masters also appeared.

“Where does that willpower shock come from?” Ice Mountain Master asked with a frown.

“I don’t know. It just now happened,” said a universe master of another race who was clearly inferior.

Ice Mountain Master had obtained some guidance of the ancient civilization from Luo Feng, so he had reached level five quickly. With the first level of godly power burning technique, his power was greatly improved.

“There was shining white light everywhere in Remote Ocean, and the willpower shock pervaded. Even universe knights can’t resist it.”

Everyone was astounded, but nobody was sure what had happened. They could only speculate. Many universe masters from the Hong Alliance transmitted their voices.

“Milky Way Horde Leader is in the World of Jin. Did he get some powerful technique there, so he’s practicing it at the moment?”

Hua!

A being showed up, giving out endless power. It was Primal Chaos City Leader. He was a universe supreme master, so everyone showed him great respect.

“Relay my orders!” Primal Chaos City Leader yelled. “Take away all those who are unconscious, and stop any great being from entering Remote Ocean.”

“Yes.”

“Yes.”

Eight universe masters answered the order from Primal Chaos Primal Chaos City Leader, and they immediately went to make arrangements.

Primal Chaos City Leader was gazing at endless Remote Ocean. He looked worried, but he immediately hid it, “What happened to you, Luo Feng? I tried to transmit my voice to you, but you didn’t reply at all… Where does that willpower shock come from?”

Primal Chaos City Leader was concerned.

The primal secret region wasn’t the only place affected. Milky Way Holy Land was also trapped in waves of indiscriminate mind shocks.

On the eighth floor of Wu Qi Tower in the World of Jin, Luo Feng stood still on that floating island without moving a single muscle. His body was bathed in white light. Waves of mind shocks emanated from his body, and each trace of godly power in his body was covered by a white engraving picture. The pictures penetrated the life imprint on each slice of godly power. It was the ultimate test for souls, yet also the most fundamental.

During the test, Luo Feng’s mind naturally merged with his godly body. Normally, a great being’s willpower was attached to nothing. Once the great being died, his godly body wouldn’t produce any willpower shock. However, Luo Feng’s willpower was gradually being combined with each trace of his godly body. His willpower had a foundation now, and only after that could he perform the willpower technique, as it was the prerequisite for all willpower techniques such as Godly Eye Technique.

After that, even if a great being died, a drop of blood, a hair, a tooth —each part of his body would contain incredible willpower!

It took a long time. After more than 900 years, the white light shining on Luo Feng’s body turned blue.

Hong!

The willpower shock in Remote Ocean surged! Some of the universe masters waiting in the distance were irritated. Only those with strong willpower could withstand it easily, yet the mediocre ones had a hard time bearing it.

“What happened?”

“Why does the willpower shock grow stronger?”

In the space on the eighth floor of Wu Qi Tower, the being surrounded by black light and clothed in a luxurious royal cape looked at Luo Feng standing in the distance.

“He’s already entered phase two.” The being in black light shook his body. His eyes glinted with excitement. “A talent was born in the World of JIn? Even I didn’t expect this! That picture was widely spread. Many peerless talents entered the picture, yet few of could make it to phase two. Can he succeed? He must… He must…”

The being in black looked anxious and worried.

Inside the picture world, the purple-horned strange beast had its head lowered originally, but it now looked at Luo Feng, who was practicing, in awe.

“He’s entered the second phase,” it said. “There are three phases in Na Yin Technique, and he’s entered phase two. Since I was born, many talents from all powers came in before. Some had invaluable inheritances, and some received incredible training from birth. However, the number of those who could make it through phase one to phase two was less than 50! Who is this kid? Where does he come from? Is he a supreme talent cultivated by Jin’s Godly King?”

Days went by.

Luo Feng had no idea what he had caused.

Pain! Torture! Agony!

Those words described how Luo Feng felt. He knew that Na Yin Technique had three phases after he started training. The first phase was easy for him, but after he started the second phase, each inch of his life imprint started to go through the worst torture in the world. It was like a needle piercing each inch of his life imprint, or it was like being dropped into the middle of a wildfire. It was just as painful as the time Star Tower had recognized him as its master.

Fortunately, Luo Feng was much stronger than he had been when Star Tower recognized him as its master, so he could bear the pain on his life imprint. Even though he was able to bear the pain, his life imprint itself might not be able to bear it, as that was a totally different scenario.

Luo Feng could easily bear the pain on his life imprint. However, if the life imprint itself couldn’t bear the pain, and it broke, Luo Feng would die.

“Is it dangerous to practice Na Yin Technique?”

Regardless, he was already practicing, so there was no turning back.

“It’s phase two already.” The purple-horned strange beast was watching. “If only he can enter phase three. Since it was seized by Jin Godly King, nobody under him is able to enter phase two. You brat. Just try to enter phase three. If you can… Well, you’ll die if you fail at that stage. However, if you succeed, you’ll be second only to the Godly King in the World of JIn.”

The purple-horned strange beast was looking forward to it. Its destiny was to find the suitable inheritor. Once the inheritor was found, the spirit of technique would disappear. However, it didn’t care about what happened after the face. From birth, its sole purpose had been to find the inheritor.

The being in the black light stared at Luo Feng in the space on the eighth floor.

“Enter phase three! Enter phase three! Only about ten peerless talents have ever entered phase three from all the powers combined. Only three of them survived, while all the others died.”

The first and second phases were safe. However, when someone entered phase three, they would either succeed or die!

Of course, there were many ways to survive in the ancient civilization. Even though all the peerless talents failed at phase three, three had managed to save their lives.

“However, my original body is already dead, so I can do nothing to save your life. If you can survive phase three, be grateful for me. If you can’t…” The black light being just shook his head.

300 years after the blue light appeared in the primal secret region of the human territory.

Hong!

The blue light became purple, and the purple light connected to form a giant, mysterious ancient engraving picture.

Hong!

The shock of willpower from Remote Ocean surged.

“Ah!”

Most of the universe masters in the Hong Alliance fainted and fell down. Only two universe masters remained conscious.

Chapter 1391

The entire human camp was astounded. The willpower shock that spread indiscriminately from Milky Way Horde Leader knocked 37 out of 39 universe masters unconscious, and only Void Gold Master and Bu Huan Master were still awake.

The entire Hong Alliance was dumbfounded! And the shock had been outspread. If it were to be concentrated, it would be horrific!

“Does that mean the willpower shock from Milky Way Horde Leader could finish off almost all universe masters?”

“Even universe supreme masters might suffer losses if they’re not careful enough.”

The seniors of Hong Alliance were all thrilled.

Primal Chaos City Leader gave a strict order: “Nobody in the Hong Alliance is allowed to leak this news. Only universe masters in the Hong Alliance can know about it, and if anyone dares to leak the news, he’ll be treated as a traitor!”

Milky Way Holy Land and the primal secret region were heavily guarded. Everything was concealed. Although many sector lords and undying fighters had lost consciousness, they didn’t know how terrific the willpower shock of Luo Feng was.

Primal Chaos City Leader stood on endless Remote Ocean, looked to afar and thought, Luo Feng, come back safely no matter what.

He understood that it was not easy to become so incredibly skilled. It could be inferred that Luo Feng might be in grave danger, as he was totally cut off from the outer world.

On the eighth floor of Wu Qi Tower in the World of Jin, purple light shone on Luo Feng’s godly body. Giant purple images were ingrained in each trace of his godly power.

Hong!

The willpower shock was spread everywhere.

“Phase three!”

“He has entered phase three! Only one creature in the World of Jin entered level eight, yet he failed instantly after the first try… I never expected such a miracle to happen in World of Jin. A law master entered phase three! He’s only one step away from the final success.”

“If he succeeds…”

“I’ve been waiting for this moment for an infinite amount of time.”

The being in the black couldn’t help but be excited. However, he was also anxious.

“Don’t fail.”

“It’s the last phase. Don’t fail! A miracle has already happened. Will there be a second?”

He understood that the possibility of a creature in the World of Jin succeeding was almost zero! The so-called “sealing task” was only a dream. He was just there waiting for a miracle. But now, the miracle was happening.

Many talents had tried and failed. This was indeed a miracle!

Inside the picture world, the purple-horned strange beast looked at Luo Feng. It could tell that this law master was going through a nightmare.

“This is the bottom line. My master created this technique, and it’s very demanding on souls. If you can’t reach the bottom line, you’ll die. Brat…” The purple-horned strange beast grew anxious. “Please, keep it up! Keep it up! If you can go through this, you’ll be led to a new world.”

Time flew, and during Luo Feng’s practice of “Na Yin Technique”— especially at the third phase—he felt that his soul was being crushed. It was nearly annihilated. However, when he couldn’t hold it anymore, his soul morphed a bit. During the third phase, his soul could quickly adapt every time it hit the limit.

Luo Feng couldn’t help but wonder every time when he reached a limit, Am I naturally fit for this technique?

Maybe it was like Star Tower recognizing him as a master and resisting the willpower shock from the godly eye. However, learning Na Yin Technique didn’t have much to do with willpower. After all, there were many supreme talents in the ancient civilization. Some of them had managed to attain the willpower level of eternal true gods, yet they had still failed. Willpower was only a part of Na Yin Technique; the soul itself was more important!

Luo Feng’s soul was being crushed. Under Na Yin Technique, he quickly adapted and felt much more relaxed against the agony he had felt at the start.

Comfortable, thought Luo Feng. He started to enjoy practicing the third phase.

After 90 years of practice, everything was finished.

Hu!

Luo Feng opened his eyes with a smile. He felt incredibly comfortable.

The purple-horned strange beast lay directly in front of Luo Feng. Its giant face startled Luo Feng when he opened his eyes.

“Spirit of techniques, what are you…?” Luo Feng took two steps back.

The purple-horned strange beast stared at Luo Feng and whispered, “I’m just looking at where you come from. How did you succeed…? For what it’s worth, congratulations that you’re qualified to practice the technique created by my master.” The purple-horned strange beast smirked.

“Who’s your master?” Luo Feng couldn’t help asking. Was it His Majesty the Godly King in the World of Jin? It didn’t feel like it.

“Humph! Listen carefully,” said the purple-horned strange beast. “Even though my master doesn’t know who you are, he gave you the technique. Remember the name of my master! My master was called ‘Yuan.’ He was a real supreme being who wasn’t bound by any powers.”

“Yuan?” Luo Feng remembered the name.

“Okay. You finished Na Yin Technique, and you fit all the requirements. You’re qualified to get the mighty technique created by my master.” The purple-horned strange beast sighed. “I’ve lived for such a long time, and now, I can finally go back to the technique itself.”

Hua!

The entire purple-horned strange beast disintegrated into light, flooding Luo Feng’s mind. Mountains of information were injected into Luo Feng’s brain.

In the space of the eighth floor of Wu Qi Tower, the being in black looked around anxiously. It had been almost 90 years, but he was finally relieved when the light around Luo Feng withered away and the star characters in the space rushed toward Luo Feng. He smiled in peace.

“I’m worth it now,” said the being in black. Then he smiled and disappeared.

Luo Feng was the only one left on the floating island. He stood there, still.

After a long time, he opened his eyes. “The floor on the eighth level.”

Luo Feng looked around. The characters had already disappeared from the space around him. After learning the information, Luo Feng now understood that those characters were scripted into his body.

“Yuan?” Luo Feng recalled the information about the technique he had just gotten, and he couldn’t help but admire that being.

The technique was called “Lie Yuan Technique.” It was an unremarkable name, yet it belonged to a supreme being in the ancient civilization. Lie Yuan Technique was also a willpower technique, but it was totally different from the Godly Eye Technique.

Godly Eye Technique required willpower at the level of a true god of void space, so Luo Feng was able to practice it now. Lie Yuan Technique required willpower at a consecrated level.

Godly Eye Technique was relatively inferior, and it was useful to true gods, true gods of void space, and eternal true gods. As for Lie Yuan Technique, it could drive even godly kings crazy. It was an exceptional technique. If His Majesty the Godly King in the World of Jin could practice Lie Yuan Technique and achieve something, his power would surge, while Jin would suppress other powers. It was a technique that could change the power dynamic.

However, it had been created by Yuan, who was removed from power struggles. The technique had led to countless battles in the ancient civilization.

Even though Godly King of Jin couldn’t practice it by himself, he had tried to let the talents under him practice it. They had all failed— until Luo Feng showed up.

Hong!

A pillar shot down and covered Luo Feng. Then he disappeared from the eighth floor of Wu Qi Tower.

Luo Feng arrived at the ninth level. This meant he had succeeded. He would gain Wu Qi God and be sealed.

“Huh?”

Luo Feng stood in a square palace. There were ancient sculptures on the wall, which were of a special style unique to the World of Jin.

“This is the ninth floor of Wu Qi Tower?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. Other than being sealed and gaining Wu Qi God, Luo Feng’s other goal was to learn the secret hidden behind all this.

Suddenly, a voice came from the silent area in front of him.

“Come in.”

Chapter 1392

Following the ancient and solemn passage, Luo Feng advanced along the secluded path. It was composed of numerous huge, squared stone slabs. Every slab had a different carving. No two sculptures were the same. Each was carved to so-called perfection. Even Luo Feng himself could not help but admire these sculptures every time he lowered his head toward the slabs. What might have looked like normal roads and courtyard walls were, in fact, rich with hidden luxuries.

Turning the corner, he saw a door that had been left open.

“Huh?”

With a single glance, Luo Feng looked beyond the door and saw that inside the room, there were some automaton components and weapon parts placed about casually and in a messy manner. Luo Feng walked to the door and saw a man wearing a beautiful robe. He was looking intently at several different automaton components placed beside him.

The man in the beautiful robe turned and looked toward Luo Feng. Then he smiled. “Since you are here, do take a seat first.”

Up ahead, was an exquisite black throne.

Luo Feng did not say a word. Obediently, he went to the throne and sat down. Since it was His Majesty the Godly King who had created Wu Qi Tower—and had designed so many difficult obstacles that had caused countless elite warriors of the World of Jin to perish one after the other—he must have had a goal in mind.

“This man…” Luo Feng took a careful look. “Strange. Even the virtual consciousness of the previous Duan Dong River carried an air of oppressive force. How could he not have even the slightest bit of oppressive force?”

It was as though Luo Feng was still a child and had run into an elderly old grandfather from his neighborhood. He looked at the man before him and could not help but feel a sort of amicable nature toward him. He had no fear. Instead, he felt very much at home.

“Impressive.” Luo Feng was secretly shocked. “Even with the strength of my willpower, I am still unable to control myself. I have already developed good-natured feelings for him.”

The man wearing the beautiful robe looked toward Luo Feng. “You must be very curious. Why did Godly King create this Wu Qi Tower? Why design so many difficult obstacles…? Now, let me tell you why. First, I have to tell you my identity… I am the Godly King of this World of Jin.”

Luo Feng was astonished.

His Majesty the Godly King!

He might have guessed as much, but he had not dared to believe it. This common-looking man, who bore the look of an ordinary grandfather from Earth, was His Majesty the Godly King?

“Technically, I am the virtual consciousness left behind by His Majesty the Godly King after he was gone,” said the man in the beautiful robe as he looked at Luo Feng.

Virtual consciousness? In his heart, Luo Feng was secretly shocked. But things were just as he had guessed; His Majesty the Godly King had truly died.

“You don’t seem to be overly surprised,” said the man, still looking at Luo Feng. “Seems like everything is within your expectations. I may have observed you from afar, but there is nothing else I can tell about you… But now I know, you are not a life form from my World of Jin.”

Luo Feng was inwardly shocked. He almost wanted to self-destruct right away. But on the outside, Luo Feng maintained a calm composure. “I am not exactly indifferent,” he said. “I do still feel shocked, but everything you just said was simply unbelievable. That is why I still maintain a dubious attitude. You say you are His Majesty the Godly King. Then you say you are the virtual consciousness left behind by the Godly King after he died… The noble Godly King is very far from me, and how could it be possible for him to die? Also, you mentioned that I am not a life form from the World of Jin. What do you mean?”

“Haha…” The man wearing the beautiful robe laughed joyfully. “No need to put up your guard against me. There is no need for worries.” He laughed again and said, “I will tell you everything in detail. Then you will understand.”

Luo Feng listened carefully.

“Back then…” A hint of recollection flashed in the eyes of the man in the robe. “It was a long, long time ago. I chose a hopeless road that seemed to lead to nowhere but doom, so before I set off, I created this Wu Qi Tower in my World of Jin and left the mission to receive a title. Even if I failed, then perhaps I would still have a shot at reversing the situation. Then I left. But only after I left a virtual consciousness here. One that had all my memories and thoughts. It was almost my essence in its entirety. The only difference was that it was not a true life form. Of course, even though I am this virtual consciousness, in my subconscious mind, I still think of myself as the Godly King.”

Luo Feng nodded to indicate his understanding.

After all, this virtual consciousness did possess all the memories and thoughts of that His Majesty the Godly King of Jin.

“After the Godly King left, I truly have no idea what kind of dangers he encountered,” continued the man in the robe. “After all, I was unable to establish contact with him.” He sighed. “Through my understanding of the World of Jin, I eventually found out, on a particular day, that the Godly King had been annihilated.”

“Wu Qi Tower has a total of nine levels,” he continued. “The ninth level is where one can connect to the core of the universe origin of the entire World of Jin. I frequent the core of the origin of the World of Jin, and the annihilation of Godly King inevitably led to a major change to the core.” He looked at Luo Feng. “Besides, I have concluded that you are not a life form from my World of Jin, because the moment you entered the ninth level, the core of universe origin that the ninth level was connected to did not acknowledge your presence. If you were a life form from within the World of Jin, then you would be regarded as a child of the World of Jin. Being acknowledged as one is automatic. Furthermore, you would also be unquestionably loyal to His Majesty the Godly King—willing to die for him.”

Luo Feng understood. It was just like how the life forms Nine Remoteness Master created paid absolute loyalty to him.

The same theory applied here. Life forms within the World of Jin would be absolutely loyal to His Majesty the Godly King. The four great commanders were no exception;. just one order from the Godly King asking for them to sacrifice themselves, and they would comply without hesitation.

“Oh… Well, since you are aware of this, how do you wish to proceed?”

Luo Feng was growing increasingly wary. Killing him would be far too easy, given his opponent’s ability. There was no questioning this. But for a high and mighty Godly King to spend so much time telling him all these details, he must have had an agenda.

“You only need to take an oath,” said the man in the beautiful robe, laughing lightheartedly as he spoke. “In the future, when you become a great being at the level of a godly king, you must do your utmost best to kill the other three pinnacle existences.”

“Huh?” Luo Feng was taken aback. An oath?

The ancient civilization certainly had many oaths that reached deep within the soul. If an oath was broken, total destruction of body and soul would be the only outcome. It was absolute annihilation.

“When I become a great being at the level of a godly king?” Luo Feng was shocked into a flustered state. “I… I am merely a law master now.”

“Which is why you have no cause for concern,” said the robed man, shaking his head. “At the moment, all this is still far beyond your reach. You are unable to render any help to my World of Jin. This will just be a promise you give to me. A promise to be realized when you become a godly king. Fret not… Once you have given your promise, there are only good things awaiting you. If you choose to reject it, and choose to self-destruct, the moment you do so, I will have to annihilate your soul. I know that most life forms from outside my World of Jin have the ability to divide bodies.”

Luo Feng was dumbstruck. It seemed His Majesty the Godly King here had a great understanding of many things.

“I know more than you might expect,” said the man as he gazed at Luo Feng. “Make your choice then. To promise or to reject?”

Luo Feng laughed in a resigned manner, then said, “Do I even have a choice?”

What a joke. This had been left behind by a godly king. Luo Feng had to believe it was true. Even if he chose to self-destruct, the moment it happened, his soul would probably be annihilated, and his various other bodies would be annihilated at the same time. That meant absolute death. Moreover, the promise in question would only have to be fulfilled after he became a godly king.

A godly king, indeed! How distant that was! It would mean rising above an eternal true god. Luo Feng himself was not even sure he could cultivate to that level. After all, based on all the bits of information he had gathered, he had hypothesized that a godly king was likely comparable to the three generations of ancestors.

“I must verify that you mean everything you promised,” said the man in the robe, “and that your oath is true. After all, I am only a virtual consciousness. If I am cheated by you…”

He laughed, then pointed to the surroundings far in the distance. Instantly, up in midair, many strands of law engravings started appearing. In a short moment, the surroundings were encapsulated by a giant cage composed of countless law engravings.

Hong!

Misty cyan-colored light moved over to enshroud Luo Feng.

“This way, I will be able to track any trace of change in your soul,” the robed man said with a smile. “If you are not truthful, I will also— ah!”

The man in the beautiful robe suddenly stood up wearing a look of surprise.

Luo Feng was taken aback.

The man appeared awestruck as looked at Luo Feng and said, “You, you…”

“What about me?” Luo Feng was filled with doubts.

“Hahaha… Haha! Haha…!”

The man in the beautiful robe laughed loudly and without any inhibitions. With an incomparable satisfaction, he laughed.

Luo Feng felt all the more uncertain. What was the matter?

“Disperse.” The man wearing the beautiful robe pointed in midair, and the countless law engravings that were originally suspended in the void space completely dispersed.

“Your Majesty, Godly King, didn’t you want me to swear an oath?” Luo Feng said, at a loss.

“There’s no need to,” said the man in the beautiful robe. He smiled at Luo Feng. “Since you have already finished the cultivation of the Nine Volume Manual, there is no need for you to take an oath.”

“The Nine Volume Manual?” Luo Feng was greatly taken aback—so stunned that he lost all composure.

The Nine Volume Manual?

This… This was the manual that had truly changed his destiny. It was all thanks to the Nine Volume Manual that he was able to make it this far along his path as a great being. If not for the Nine Volume Manual, perhaps he would still have become a great being, but not to the extent of his current achievement.

The Nine Volume Manual, according to Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest, was a creation he had created, and it could only be imparted to a single cultivator. This chosen one had to be a life form from the pulse of the earthlings in order to be able to cultivate it.

“What—what is the…?” Luo Feng’s mind seemed about to burst with an overwhelming surge of thoughts gushing in endlessly.

Only an earthling could cultivate the Nine Volume Manual. And only one cultivator was allowed to cultivate it. If Sitting Mountain Guest had created this Manual. How… did His Majesty the Godly King know about it?

Yes. Luo Feng had been suspicious, even long ago, that the Nine Volume Manual was simply too formidable. Its creation was something that other true gods could never have achieved. Even Purple Moon Ancestor and East Emperor Ancestor—as well-informed as they were—had never conceived of the creation of such a formidable manual. And yet, Sitting Mountain Guest had created it without ceremony.

“What is it about the Nine Volume Manual?” Luo Feng pressed on.

“Haha! This Nine Volume Manual…” the man in the beautiful robe said with a laugh, “was a set of lost knowledge from my World of Jin that should never have been revealed. Upon cultivating it, not only will one’s godly body undergo a rapid change, but it will also be a great deal of help to the soul. It is a super set of knowledge that will bring about an absolute change in one’s talent in the area of comprehension. So long as one has cultivated the Nine Volume Manual, he would be the true core of my Jin nation. You have cultivated the Nine Volume Manual, so naturally, you belong to the pulse of my Jin… When you rise in the future, if you do not kill the other three, they will come after your life instead. So, most certainly, there is no longer a need for you to take an oath.”

Chapter 1393 - A Gift from

Godly King

No wonder Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest hadn’t contacted him since he entered the World of Jin. Neither had he asked him about the World of Jin. Sitting Mountain Guest hadn’t even entered the World of Jin.

All great beings in Universe Ocean are curious about the World of Jin, and there are no exceptions. Primal Chaos City Leader and other great beings from the Hong Alliance are all curious about it, and lots of them ask me questions. Yet Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest has never asked me about anything. I’ve been confused about how teacher Sitting Mountain Guest was able to create the Nine Volume Manual and Star Tower as only a true god!

Luo Feng felt that he knew a bit more about Sitting Mountain Guest now. Even though he still hadn’t figured out much about the mysterious Sitting Mountain Guest, he at least knew now that he was somehow related to the World of Jin!

As for the core of Jin? Jin Country was destroyed, and the Godly King was dead. Those supreme beings who followed His Majesty the Godly King might have already died. Without a doubt, Sitting Mountain Guest was a true god. However…

Did Sitting Mountain Guest obtain an inheritance like me? Did he get the inheritance from His Majesty the Godly King, or from a supreme being under the Godly King?

Thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind, and he temporarily pushed back the confusion. At least he knew more about Sitting Mountain Guest now.

Luo Feng’s mind raced, yet he was still able to talk with the Godly King normally. “Your Majesty, who are the three supreme beings you talked about? I need to know about them first.”

“Of course,” said the man in the luxurious cape. “They are the three country masters of another superpower, ‘Shi Country.’”

“Masters of Shi Country?” Luo Feng nodded but was confused. “Where are they now? Could it be… Was Shi Country destroyed?”

The remains he had found about the ancient civilization all concluded that they were from a destroyed civilization. Only the World of Jin was still intact.

“Destroyed?” The man in the luxurious cape looked befuddled. Then he sighed. “Yes. It has been a very long time. Shi Country may have been destroyed.”

Luo Feng couldn’t help asking, “Your Majesty, if they’re still alive, how am I supposed to find them?”

Universe Ocean was too mysterious. Nobody had ever inspected the edge of it. That giant object that looked like the body of His Majesty the Godly King could have flown from a remote area of Universe Ocean! Could there be other creatures in the remote area of Universe Ocean? Were there other powers? He didn’t know.

To true gods, Universe Ocean was unfathomably large. If they wandered too far, chances were, they would get lost.

“There’s no rush.” The man in the luxurious cape smiled. “When you become stronger, you’ll know more secrets. As for whether Shi Country has been destroyed or not, even if it has been, it’s impossible for all the three country masters to have died.”

Luo Feng memorized his words.

“Look.” The man in the white cape pointed at a ground close to him, and a machine appeared.

“What…?” Luo Feng said, looking at the machine carefully. It had a smooth body shaped like a monkey with a flexible tail. It sat there in silence. The power made Luo Feng’s heart race.

The man in the luxurious cape said casually, “This is the true god machine ‘Wu Qi God.’ It’s one of the beast true god level machines, and it only allows one great being to use it. It’s definitely a top-tier true god machine that can fully utilize your power. The only downside is that it consumes a great deal of energy. You already have an enormous body, but you still need to be careful. Don’t use too much godly power at once. Otherwise, it’ll take you a long time to recover your body.”

Luo Feng nodded, looking at Wu Qi God with eyes gleaming. A long time to recover? What a joke! He had endless Remote Ocean!

“If you finish the sealing task and become a sealed great being, you’re qualified to get Wu Qi God. This Wu Qi God is yours now,” said the man in the cape.

“Mine? But the military credits…” Luo Feng said, looking at the man in the cape.

Wu Qi God required 30 million military credits.

“Haha! For every task finished, you receive military credits!” laughed the man in the cape. “This sealing task is strenuous, so the prize is 30 million military credits. Do you really want some other valuable instead of Wu Qi God? You can make your own decision if you want.”

“No, of course, of course I will,” said Luo Feng.

So, this was how it worked. The prize for the sealing task was 30 million military credits, which meant the final prize was to give the great being Wu Qi God.

Wu Qi God… Luo Feng looked at the machine in front of him. Universe Ocean is in chaos now, especially after the four Lands of Extremis. Besides, the original mind guided us to this land! Great Thunder Star Master performed a form of power completely different from godly power… There must be a secret behind all these events.

Luo Feng felt that a storm was coming.

The more powerful I become, the better I can cope with this situation. Besides, I’ve journeyed through Wu Qi Tower, and I got many machine-type valuables and true-god level armors on the third floor from those soldiers. I can go back and exchange them for military credits, then exchange them back for some valuables fit for my human race.

He was only one man, so he only needed several valuables, especially after he became a true god; he would only have one body, so he only needed a few powerful valuables. As for the majority of the machine-type valuables he obtained, he did that because he needed to think about the future of the human race! Of course, he wouldn’t just give them away for free. Nobody could get anything for free.

Hong!

Luo Feng strolled to Wu Qi God and sealed his life imprint in it.

Hua!

This machine-type valuable, which looked like a black monkey, merged with Luo Feng’s body immediately, transforming him into a human-shaped monkey with a tail, but the face was still Luo Feng’s face.

“So complicated.”

Luo Feng studied it a bit and could tell that the engravings were intricate—much more so than “Bib Bird” and “Golden Claw God.”

“This is a true god level machine, and it’s one of the most top-tier machines,” said the man in the cape. “If you want to maximize its power, your comprehension of laws needs to be top-tier at true god level. Of course, even though you’re only a law master, you can still use it. The power of this machine is divided into three levels.”

Luo Feng smiled. There were three ways to use it, yet even the first way was more complicated than Bib Bird or Golden Claw God, let alone the third way. Perhaps he could only utilize the third way after becoming a true god.

“Put your Wu Qi God away,” said the man in the cape. “I don’t want those soldiers to know the secret behind this sealing task. That was why I used Wu Qi God as a shield to tempt those law masters and true gods. Actually, it’s no valuable.”

Luo Feng didn’t argue. It was true. To the great Godly King, a true-god level machine was nothing, even if it was a top-tier one. However, he was a law master, so while he was a law master or a true god, Wu Qi God would be his best valuable. It might still be handy even after he became a true god of void space.

“Since I hope you’ll become a godly king, I’ll give you the practicing methods.” The man in the luxurious cape shook his head. “However, I’m proficient in valuables making, but apparently, you are not. As for those fighting-type techniques, I’m not good at it. I’ve prepared an inheritance for you.”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. An inheritance? The more, the better.

“Start comprehending it yourself.” The man in the cape threw out a crystal glowing with black light. “I’m the only Godly King in Jin Country, so I can’t give you the best inheritance in fighting. This is a combination of all the techniques obtained by me and the great beings working for me by killing others. It’ll help you become a Godly King.”

Luo Feng nodded and strolled to the crystal. It would take him a long time to receive the inheritance, though, so he would have to study it after leaving Wu Qi Tower.

“You need time to study the inheritance,” said the man in the cape. “Though Wu Qi God is very helpful, you could die if you come across a true god of void space. Which is why I shall grant you the strength of a world in the World of Jin.”

“Strength of a world?” said Luo Feng, dazed.

“You’ve finished the sealing task,” said the man. “You’re at the same status as the four generals, but only on the surface. The generals know that you are now the most important individual in the World of Jin. You have absolute authority in the World of Jin. If anyone dares to cross you, you can use the strength of a world to deal with him.”

Luo Feng looked pleased. “How powerful is this ‘strength of a world’?”

“You can suppress eternal true gods and kill any true god of void space,” said the man in the luxurious cape. “But don’t slaughter.”

Luo Feng nodded. “I understand.”

The Godly King of Jin treated him so kindly, all because he had gotten Lie Yuan Technique and he counted on him to kill the three country masters of Shi Country. After all, the Godly King of Jin had already died. He gave Luo Feng such authority because he had placed his hopes in Luo Feng—at least in the World of Jin.

“So I can use the strength of a world in the World of Jin?” Luo Feng was pleased. “Then the lives of all those great beings in Universe Ocean who entered the World of Jin are in my hands.”

The Godly King had only told him not to slaughter. That meant he could kill a reasonable number of beings.

“I’ve already given you everything I can,” said the man in the cape. “I am already dead. All this is everything I can offer you. You’re on your own from now on. It’s time for you to leave Wu Qi Tower.”

Luo Feng bowed to show his gratefulness. After all, the Godly King had helped him a lot.

Hong!

A light pillar arrived and hit Luo Feng. Luo Feng disappeared from Wu Qi Tower and was transported out.

Chapter 1394 - Four Leaders

and Four Generals

They had been waiting for this moment for a long time. Ever since His Majesty the Godly King left Wu Qi Tower, their sole purpose had been to find that peerless talent, which was more important than their own lives.

“It disappeared!”

“The sealing task disappeared!”

“The sealing task of law masters have disappeared! He succeeded! That soldier Milky Way must have reached the top of Wu Qi Tower!”

The four leaders in the palace were watching carefully at every moment. They could see the tasks in the four armies and Godly King Valley, but after Luo Feng entered the eighth floor of Wu Qi Tower, they didn’t know what had happened. However, Luo Feng had been in there for a long time without coming out.

Their expectations were aflame. They were all staring at the task list, and they all cried out at once.

Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!

The four beings disappeared from the palace and arrived at the ground floor of Wu Qi Tower.

Some of the true god guards around Wu Qi Tower were startled. It was quite rare for all the leaders to come out altogether.

“The leaders!”

“It’s the leaders! All four leaders are here!”

The four leaders were looking at the front door of Wu Qi Tower.

“Why he hasn’t come out?”

“He should’ve come out now.”

The four leaders were transmitting their voices and waiting eagerly. Little did they know was that the task had been rescinded when Luo Feng finished the eighth floor, and Luo Feng was talking with His Majesty the Godly King on the ninth floor.

After a long time—

Hong! Long!

The towering door was opened, and a soldier walked out.

“He has walked out?”

“In the endless time after Wu Qi Tower was created, the soldiers who survived were all transported out, and no one walked out of the front door. Besides, all the other soldiers were transported out a long time ago, yet this one stayed inside for a long time. Did he actually make it to the top?”

“The four leaders are greeting him. He must have succeeded.”

The true god guards had seen many soldiers go inside before, so they also knew something about Wu Qi Tower. They were indeed shocked.

Luo Feng saw four beings when he came out. A cloud of black mist, a towering male being, a silver-armored female being, and a strange beast great being. Four of them stood shoulder to shoulder and looked at him, elated.

“Um…” Luo Feng looked at those four, but he didn’t know what to say. He didn’t know any of them.

“We are the four leaders of Godly King Valley. We’ve been guarding Godly King Valley under the order of His Majesty the Godly King,” the voice of the towering leader rumbled. “Also, we’ve been waiting for a peerless talent who can make it to the top of Wu Qi Tower. Milky Way ‘Jin,’ we’re really glad that you were able to succeed.”

“Milky Way Jin, please come inside the palace.”

Luo Feng nodded. Then he followed the four leaders and walked toward the silver palace. The true god guards couldn’t hear their conservations.

The towering leader glanced at those guards. “Say nothing about today.”

“Yes, leader,” all the soldiers answered respectfully.

On the first floor of the silver palace, Luo Feng spoke with the leaders. He was surprised at how excited and enthusiastic they were.

They’re way too excited, he thought.

The cloud of black mist condensed into a blurry human shape. “We’ve been hoping for someone to reach the top of Wu Qi Tower for a long time,” it said. “We’ve waited for this moment for an eternity. It has been a great burden on us, and it has been pressuring us for such a long time. Every time we think about this, we just feel so sorry for His Majesty the Godly King. Now that you’ve succeeded, Milky Way, we can finally enjoy a sense of relief.”

The silver-armored female leader was sitting there, and there was a tear in her eye. “It’s been too long,” she said.

“Just wait here a bit, Milky Way. We’ve informed the four generals that you just made it to the top of Wu Qi Tower,” the towering leader explained. “The four generals are mighty, so they will be able to arrive here in a very short period of time. Just like us, for an eternity, the four generals have been wondering about the best way to screen and cultivate a peerless genius who could make it to the top of Wu Qi Tower. The four generals will also be excited and happy when they know that you have succeeded. They’ll want to meet you.”

Luo Feng nodded and smiled. “I’ve known about the four generals for a long time. I’ve always wanted to meet them, but I’ve never gotten a chance.”

As a sealed great being, especially someone who got sealed by reaching the top of Wu Qi Tower, he was at the same level as the generals—at least on the surface. Actually, he was superior to the generals and leaders.

Just as Luo Feng was talking with the four leaders…

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Four beings entered the palace.

Luo Feng saw two tribal great beings and two strange beast great beings. They were all suppressing their powers, yet Luo Feng still felt pressured by the invisible forces.

“Milky Way, this is the general ‘Harmonious Snow’ from the east army!” The towering leader said, introducing him.

Harmonious Snow was the gentlest one out of the four generals. He had snowy skin, and there were green patterns beside his ears. He looked elegant in that white armor, and there was a pupil between his eyebrows. He looked elevated and gazed at Luo Feng with all his eyes gleaming. “We’ve been waiting for this moment for too long. We’ve finally lived up to His Majesty the Godly King.”

“Introduce me now!” roared a giant strange beast with six faces. All six ugly and ferocious faces then smiled at Luo Feng. “I’m North—”

“No need to rush. I’ll introduce you all one by one.”

Luo Feng finally realized how keen the generals were. The four generals and leaders had been waiting for this moment for an eternity, and their sole purpose was to find a peerless genius that could reach the top of Wu Qi Tower. That purpose trumped their own practicing—even their own lives. They were all excited to find out that Luo Feng had arrived.

“Milky Way, you can go train yourself, but the World of Jin is enormous… And your power… You might not be entirely safe. I’ll arrange some true gods of void space to protect you in secret.”

“Milky Way…”

The four generals kept talking.

They literally treated Luo Feng as if he were an invaluable treasure; they feared something bad might happen to this precious commodity.

After half a day, Luo Feng left Godly King Valley.

“The leaders and generals…” Luo Feng said. “They even wanted to escort me back to the east army. They treat me like their children, and they’re willing to give me anything I want.”

Luo Feng could feel from the conversation that the generals and leaders were treating him like the inheritor of the Godly King.

“Back to the east army.”

Luo Feng sat in the silver boat and flew away.

When Luo Feng finished the Na Yin Technique of “Lie Yuan Technique,” both Remote Ocean body and Mosha body stopped spreading the willpower shock and became conscious. Primal Chaos City Leader, True Yan Knight, and others who were concerned about Luo Feng all contacted him. Luo Feng then briefed them on what had happened and made them understand the issue behind that. But of course, Luo Feng couldn’t share the big secret.

Teacher True Yan has the training guide from the ancient civilization, thought Luo Feng, and he’s already reached the level of a limit universe knight. He’s only one step away from becoming a universe master. I’ll have to give him a huge present after he becomes a universe master.

True Yan Knight was Luo Feng’s teacher, which was why he gave him many resources, so True Yan could improve himself fast.

Luo Feng was closest to True Yan out of all his teachers, followed by Primal Chaos City Leader, followed by Sitting Mountain Guest. True Yan Knight treated his disciple like family, while Chaos valued Luo Feng because he was a great treasure to humans. As for Sitting Mountain, he had other plans. Of course, all of them were teachers for whom Luo Feng was genuinely grateful. He wanted to pay them back, but Sitting Mountain Guest had never told him anything he needed.

True Yan, big brother Hong, and second brother Thunder God are all still undying, Luo Feng thought. For all these years, I’ve been fighting for the human race, but I need to care for the earthlings and my family now.

Luo Feng left Godly King Valley and raced toward the east army. It was a long way to go, and all the while, Luo Feng was studying Wu Qi God.

There were three levels of Wu Qi God. The first level was superior to Golden Claw God and Bib Bird. As for the third level, it was stronger than many machine-type valuables of true gods of void space, which was why it was the ultimate true god machine.

“It has taken me almost a day to fully understand how to use this Wu Qi God.”

A day was almost ten years in the space of inheritance. Luo Feng wore Wu Qi God, and his entire body looked like a monkey clad in armor, though it still had Luo Feng’s face. It turned black, and its tail was slashing.

“Burn! Burn!”

Luo Feng immediately burned his body and performed the second volume of Duan Mie at the same time. His energies surged and extended to the entire Wu Qi God. 16 cores of Wu Qi God were transformed at once, and each of the four formed an engraving picture. All the engraving pictures combined to form a virtual core inside Wu Qi God.

Hong!

Gleaming golden light filled Wu Qi God.

Sou! Sou! Sou!

Millions of phantoms of Luo Feng were left in the palace of Boat of Mausoleum. Then they disappeared.

“It’s too powerful.” Luo Feng was amazed. “With this Wu Qi God, I can give away both Golden Claw God and Bib Bird. With this valuable, those universe supreme masters in Universe Ocean won’t be my match even if they can get a machine type valuable.”

Luo Feng was confident, but he added in a whisper, “Wu Qi God indeed consumes godly power very fast.”

He was flying swiftly under the second volume of Duan Mie, and combined with driving Wu Qi God, it devoured his godly power. If he was still the same Luo Feng who only had a godly body of 100,000 kilometers, it might have been gone instantly. Fortunately, he had a large enough godly body now, but he still didn’t dare to fight for too long.

“No wonder His Majesty the Godly King told me it consumes lots of power even when he knew I had a giant godly body.” Luo Feng sighed.

Finally, after three months, Luo Feng arrived back at the east army.

Chapter 1395

Within the military camp of the East Army, where Python River Army was stationed, Luo Feng was leisurely flying in the sky above the lake as he passed by it to head toward his own island.

On an island beneath Luo Feng, two warriors were in the midst of a conversation when they raised their heads and saw him flew by.

“Look, it’s Milky Way.”

“He is Milky Way? I heard the captains of the six troops are all afraid of that Milky Way.”

Warrior Milky Way had made his way back to the military camp, and news spread rapidly within the sixth troop under the first main team of Python River Army.

“Warrior Milky Way from your sixth troop is back? My friend has heard of his name from way back then and would like to get acquainted with him.”

“He just got back to his own island.”

A red-faced warrior from the third troop of the first main team of Python River Army made a brief tour and soon caught wind of the news that Warrior Milky Way had returned. It was common knowledge that it was impossible for warriors within the military camp to spend all their time only on cultivation. Making friends and sparring with others were also extremely important, especially for warriors from special army troops who were highly reputable. Many great beings would be more than willing to befriend such warriors because warriors of this caliber had high chances of becoming true gods of void space.

The red-faced warrior quickly left the military camp of Python River Army and headed for the military grounds of another special army troop.

“Cheng Mu! Cheng Mu!”

The red-faced warrior looked down as he sent out a voice transmission that swept through the vast expanse of forest beneath him.

From a huge wooden house constructed entirely of numerous large, sturdy trees, a double-faced, four-armed man flew out. He was clad in a suit of cyan armor and raised his head to look. The moment he saw his visitor, he smiled and said, “Qu Hua, I was just about to go look for you, and here you are. I just cooked something delicious. Come and try it.”

“Cheng Mu.” The red-faced warrior dashed down from where he was. “Haven’t you been looking for that warrior Milky Way from our Python River Army?”

“Yes,” the green-armored man replied right away. Then he excitedly asked, “Is he back in camp?”

“Yes, he just got back not long ago,” the red-faced warrior replied with a smile.

The green-armored man revealed his delight. “I have long wanted to meet him, but whatever it is, nothing matters more than eating.”

“Good, good, good.” The red-faced warrior was suddenly filled with anticipation.

Universe Ocean, within Purple Moon Holy Land Universe.

In the palace hall, Purple Moon Ancestor sat in silence with his eyes closed as though he could just sit there for endless eras.

Beneath him, also in cross-legged positions, were various figures that took the form of either other bodies of gods or avatars sustained by godly powers. All of them were universe masters who had entered the World of Jin. Suddenly, from amongst them, a double-faced, four-armed man opened his eyes and shot to his feet.

“Ancestor!” the cyan-clothed man reported with great reverence, “I have received news that warrior Milky Way just returned to the military camp of the East Army. Right now, he is at Python River Army’s military grounds.”

The moment this was said, the other universe masters around him opened their eyes in shock.

“Huh?” Seated above them all, Purple Moon Ancestor opened his eyes. A trace of coldness flashed in his gaze as he looked down at the crowd beneath him. “If that is the case, then we shall all need to start preparing to act together.”

“Yes, Ancestor.”

The numerous universe masters beneath all responded positively to his orders.

Within the military camp of the East Army in the World of Jin, the universe masters of Purple Moon Holy Land who had joined the East Army were preparing for action.

Within Purple Moon Holy Land Universe.

A number of universe masters below started to speak up.

“Ancestor, it is confirmed. Luo Feng is indeed in the military grounds of the Python River Army.”

“Ancestor, we are already standing guard by the wormhole transportation point outside the military camp. The moment he comes out, we will all know right away.”

“Ancestor…”

“Very well.” Purple Moon Ancestor looked down and nodded with satisfaction. “Since this Luo Feng has already entered the military camp of the East Army, if we are to strike, we must make sure this one move will exterminate him. Cheng Mu… it’s up to you now.”

“Rest assured, Ancestor,” Cheng Mu Master replied deferentially.

Purple Moon Ancestor nodded in silence, but in his heart, he was silently saying, Luo Feng… even if you have the legendary inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, so what? East Emperor, that old fellow! He is not qualified to vie with me, and you do not stand a chance in a fight against me either! Regardless of how impressive a talent you are, if dead, you are nothing more than useless.

World of Jin, military camp of the East Army.

In the vast forest found within the land where the special army troop “Swan Queen Army” was stationed.

The red-faced warrior was incredibly carefree as he swayed about in the form of flowing light. “This is so delicious. I have never eaten anything so delicious before when I was in the tribe. If I could frequently enjoy such delicious fare, I would prefer to spend half the time I spend on cultivation on eating instead. Cheng Mu, the next time you create such a marvelous dish, do remember to call me.”

“That’s for sure.” Cheng Mu Master tilted his head and laughed.

After the red-faced warrior left, Cheng Mu Master’s expression suddenly became quite stern. “Are we going to activate the killer trap?”

Cheng Mu Master was feeling an intangible pressure. As a universe master who had made it into a special army troop, Purple Moon Ancestor had handed a heavy responsibility over to him.

“I have given up every hope for a future in the World of Jin just to see to your death, Luo Feng. And you… You should be proud of that.”

Cheng Mu Master’s heart was filled with resentment. He had long been familiar with the three most dangerous lands of Universe Ocean, but this World of Jin… Since the moment he first entered, he had been completely mesmerized. He truly did not want to leave.

However, the moment the deadly trap was activated, he, Cheng Mu, would no longer be able to come to the World of Jin again.

“Let’s begin.” Cheng Mu Master hesitated no further. Transforming into flowing light, he flew out.

The vast piece of forest was the military ground of the Swan Queen Army.

The Swan Queen Army was divided into two major groups. One consisted of law masters, and the other consisted of true gods. Both sides were completely isolated from one another. Right in the center of the military camp was a towering godly palace. Before the godly palace were a few guards. This godly palace was where the commander of the Swan Queen Army resided! Within the army, those who could assume commander positions of special army troops were all true gods of void space. Outside of the army, they would all have been overlords.

There were six guards before the godly palace. Two were true gods, and the other four were law masters.

“Stop.”

“Stop. This is the commander’s residence. Trespassing is prohibited.”

The moment Cheng Mu Master descended, he said, “I seek an audience with the commander regarding an important matter.”

“Warrior!” a true god guard shouted out. “You think our commander is someone you can meet so easily? Quickly take your leave.”

“I have something very urgent that needs to be brought to the commander’s attention,” Cheng Mu Master said with great urgency.

Seeing how persistent he was, the two true god guards could not help but look at one another as they hesitated. After all, this warrior who had come forth was also a fellow warrior of their Swan Queen Army.

“Let him in,” a cold voice resounded.

“Yes, Commander,” replied the two true gods standing guard outside the palace. The guards looked toward Cheng Mu Master. “Enter.”

Cheng Mu Master heaved a sigh of relief and entered the godly palace.

The palace seemed to be like a maze. The corridors were full of twists and turns, and there were chambers everywhere. Cheng Mu Master could only follow the path as he made his way forward.

After a short moment, Cheng Mu Master saw a garden. There were countless lovely flowers within the garden, and there was a beautiful lady with nine feathery tails that were green with a tinge of gold. There were exquisite feathers all over her head, but her face was so striking that it stole Cheng Mu Master’s breath away instantly.

“Is she the legendary Swan Queen?” Cheng Mu Master said to himself.

The Swan Queen Army had been created by this Swan Queen. To be able to establish a special army troop, one had to be a true god of void space. Over a long period of time, some true gods of void space might break through to become eternal true gods. So naturally, the true god of void space who was next in line would take over their place. However, a breakthrough was too difficult, so the majority of the true gods of void space would usually continue in their positions as commanders.

This was how it was like for this Swan Queen.

“Cheng Mu pays his respect to Commander,” Cheng Mu Master said, bowing deferentially.

“What matter could be pressing enough for you to come here to see me?” Swan Queen’s eyes were radiating green light as they gave Cheng Mu Master a once-over. “If you cannot tell me something that is really pressing, then you shall be dealt with the military way. You will be fed to my children.”

Cheng Mu Master showed no hint of fear. He replied right away, “Commander, I have chanced upon a big secret.”

“A big secret?” Swan Queen was still speaking in a casual manner. “That warrior, Milky Way, from the sixth troop of Python River Army’s main team,” Cheng Mu Master said in a highly anxious manner. “He… He is actually from another powerful group from the outside world. He has snuck his way into our World of Jin. After I caught wind of this news, I was afraid that I would be annihilated. Thus, I did not dare to expose the truth. It was only after I returned to camp that I dared to report to Commander about what I found out.”

“The outside world, entering my World of Jin?” Suddenly, there was a surge of murderous intent bursting out from Swan Queen’s eyes. Any life form from the World of Jin would show absolute loyalty to the World of Jin and pure hostility to life forms from the outside world. Swan Queen stared at Cheng Mu Master. “Are you sure you are not lying to me? My World of Jin has not had life forms from the outside world visiting here for a long, long time.”

“I would never dare to lie to Commander. How could I dare to lie about something like that?

Swan Queen stared hard at him. “You must have evidence.”

“I…” Cheng Mu Master started to get flustered. “I saw it with my own eyes, but evidence…? What evidence could I possibly have?”

“Based on nothing but a casual comment from you, I am supposed to investigate that warrior, Milky Way?” Swan Queen retorted coldly.

Despite her words, deep in her heart, Swan Queen had her suspicions. Even if this warrior under her command dared to lie to her, he would not tell such a preposterous tale. Who knew? There might have been truth to what he had said. Regardless, she needed to find some time to investigate and verify.

“I, I…” Cheng Mu Master was very anxious. “Commander, I truly saw it with my own eyes.”

“Humph!” Swan Queen snorted coldly. “I shall spare you of your sin this time around. Take your leave.”

Cheng Mu Master was going crazy as he said through gritted teeth, “I saw him with my own eyes. He is a warrior from the outside world. Commander, you just have to execute your hypnotizing methods and make him fall into an illusion. Then naturally, he will tell you everything willingly. If there is anything untrue to what I saw, or he does not admit that he comes from the outside world even when he has fallen into an illusion, then I am willing to die!”

“Illusion?” Swan Queen was growing impatient as she said, “I don’t think I need you to teach me what to do. You may take your leave!”

“Commander! Everything I say is the truth. Nothing but the naked truth! If you are kind enough to spare him, you will put our World of Jin at a great disadvantage.” Cheng Mu Master was so frantic with anxiety that he started to glare. “Whatever I say, I am willing to die to prove the credibility of my words!”

Hong!

Suddenly, Cheng Mu Master exploded in his entirety. His godly power was annihilated completely, and thereafter, he was reduced to nothingness.

Swan Queen was shocked to have witnessed the entire scene. “Self-destruction? Using his death to prove his loyalty… I simply can’t believe this warrior could be loyal to such a degree.”

Through the years, there were many such warriors who were incomparably upright. She herself had come across quite a few. There were also quite a few who chose death to prove themselves, but this was the very first time she had witnessed a scene of self-destruction unfolding right before her very eyes.

“What a loyal and upright warrior. Such a pity.” Swan Queen shook her head with a sigh. Then her green eyes started to sparkle. “Could it be that there are truly life forms from the outside world in my World of Jin?”

Sou!

Swan Queen vanished into thin air.

Chapter 1396

Outside Python River Army were two soldiers talking with each other beside the lake. They seemed to be at ease. One had three faces and eight arms, while the other had one face and two arms.

Hong!

A gleaming trace of green light suddenly slashed the sky. There was a trace of dim, golden light hidden in that green light. It sparkled like a rainbow in the sky.

“It’s Commander Swan Queen.”

The two soldiers gave each other a look. Both appeared pleased as they transmitted their voices to talk.

“Cheng Mu did it. Swan Queen came to Python River Army.”

“Tell our ancestor now.”

In Purple Moon Holy Land in Universe Ocean.

Purple Moon Ancestor looked down and gave an order. “Keep waiting. Once Luo Feng dies, tell me immediately.”

“Okay,” answered both universe masters.

Purple Moon Ancestor smiled and thought, The true gods of void space who can be the leaders of special armies, especially those true gods of void space who were capable of creating brand new special armies, are all exceptional. It’s been a long time since Swan Queen created her special army, and all the precious inheritance in the army was provided to her. Among the true gods of void space, she is definitely one of the top-tier beings. Besides, she is also known for her proficiency in illusions in the army. With her power, even I can’t rival her.

True gods of void space like these, who are skilled at illusions, must have had their willpower reach the level of eternal true gods—maybe even consecrated. No matter how powerful a law master is, he’ll be trapped in the illusions. Luo Feng indeed came from the outer world, so it’s easy to determine his true identity. Once this is revealed, his soul will be annihilated, which means he’ll be dead forever. Luo Feng, if you were less powerful, or if you were a true god, I wouldn’t care. Unfortunately, you have the inheritance from Duan Dong River, which poses a great threat to me. You can only blame yourself for that.

Purple Moon Ancestor smiled. Those universe masters realized that the ancestor was joyful because he knew Luo Feng was about to die.

In the World of Jin, the rainbow light was breathtaking. It was the symbol of Swan Queen.

“It’s commander Swan Queen.”

“It’s commander Swan Queen.”

Outside the palaces of “law master team” and “true god team,” two true god guards and four law master guards were on patrol, and they immediately identified the light. After all, the commanders in the special armies had lived for a long time.

In the World of Jin, those commanders weren’t afraid of anyone but the generals, so their temperaments changed. Some were low-key like ordinary soldiers, some were reckless and aggressive, some were brutal, and some just loved attention. True gods who had been in the special armies long enough all knew the temperaments of their commanders, so they didn’t dare to mess with them. After all, the commanders were far superior; they could just kill the true gods.

Hong!

A rainbow arrived. It was commander Swan Queen. She had a mesmerizing face, and her tail was exquisite. The two true god guards greeted her.

“Commander.”

“Commander.”

“Fire-Polishing Wu!” Commander Swan Queen raised her head, glanced at the guards, and stopped caring. After all, she always abused the soldiers working for her. She would punish them according to military regulations if they crossed her.

“Why are you here, Swan Queen?” A voice came out.

Swan Queen heard the voice. Then she walked toward a palace close to her. She had notified the commander first as a means of showing respect. Even though she, as Swan Queen, was aloof and looked down upon true gods and law masters, she treated other true gods of void space belong to the special armies with respect unless they were foes.

“Swan Queen,” said a being wearing fiery armor. All six of his eyes bore fiery patterns, and his eyes looked like scorpions. “You’ve only been here twice since I became a commander. The first time was to congratulate me for becoming a commander, and the second time was when you punished my soldiers. Why are you here again? Did one of my soldiers cross you again, so you want to punish him? It’s only a soldier. If you wish to punish him, you don’t need to come here personally.”

“That’s not the case,” said Swan Queen.

“Oh?” said Fire-Polishing Wu. “What kind of issue are you referring to?”

They both held extremely high status. Even true gods of void space masters of North True Ocean and Nine Smoke Marsh had to respect them. After all, this was the military, and they were commanders in special armies. No ordinary true gods of void space could reach that level. They roamed the World of Jin without fear, so almost nothing was a major issue to them.

“Listen to me. A soldier under my command, Cheng Mu, came to me and…” Swan Queen then described what had happened in a casual way, which got Fire-Polishing Wu thinking.

“A creature from the outside?” Fire-Polishing Wu was shocked. “Some creatures did enter here a long time ago, but I wasn’t even born yet, and nobody has set foot in here from the outer world since then. Could it be…? Are you sure?”

“I found it ridiculous at first.” Swan Queen sighed. “However, the same soldier killed himself to prove he was serious. He was so worried about the World of Jin that he committed suicide. Although I’m also not certain yet, I reckon we need to inspect it carefully.”

Fire-Polishing Wu nodded. It was indeed a serious issue. If a soldier had killed himself over it, how could they just let it go?

“I have the soldier Milky Way under me.” Fire-Polishing Wu nodded and closed his eyes. “I’ll check where he is. Follow me.” Fire-Polishing Wu went out, followed by Swan Queen.

There were islands in Python River Army, and each island only allowed one owner. Fire-Polishing Wu was the commander of the Python River Army, so he could easily check on which soldier corresponded to each specific island. He quickly found the island Luo Feng had selected.

On the island, Luo Feng sat on the rooftop of the stone house, and there was grape wine beside him. He appeared quite relaxed as he sipped at it.

Although he looked relaxed, his mind was focused entirely on Mosha body. Mosha body was currently studying Shi Wu Wing. Back when Luo Feng was fighting that white-caped man during the task he took in Wu Qi Tower, Luo Feng had created the blade technique at top-tier level seven, “Nine Days Path.” Luo Feng thought that he could fully comprehend the third level of Shi Wu Wing now.

The first level is time and space in chaos, and the second level is Golden Country. How about the third level? Luo Feng thought.

Wu Qi God was different from Shi Wu Wing. Shi Wu Wing was for assistive use! It didn’t make attacks directly. Besides, Wu Qi God and Shi Wu Wing could be used simultaneously as long as he wore a pair of wings! When wearing Wu Qi God, he only needed to wear a pair of wings!

Wu Qi God and Golden Claw God were exclusive with the armor. Anyone wearing Wu Qi God and Golden Claw God couldn’t wear true god armors. However, Shi Wu Wing and those machine-type valuables were mutually exclusive. Luo Feng wore Force Armor and Shi Wu Wing at the same time.

“Huh?” Just when Luo Feng was studying Shi Wu Wing, with the “strength of a world” bestowed by His Majesty the Godly King, he suddenly felt two powerful ripples coming from the sky

Luo Feng looked up.

Hong! Hong!

Two beings appeared in the sky. One of them was elegant and colorful, and the other was wicked and fiery. Luo Feng looked up and saw two pairs of eyes. One pair looked high and mighty with even trying, and the other pair was green and seducing, glinting with hostility.

Hong! Long!

A power force arrived. The area was blocked, and the space around the island was surrounded by void.

Luo Feng frowned and thought, One thought created a void space? Are these two true gods of void space? Two true gods of void space showed up in the army. They might be commanders. Are they from the ordinary army or the special army?

All soldiers wore uniforms, so it was easy to tell which army they belonged to. However, commanders wielded a much higher status, so they wore casual garb. Luo Feng hadn’t been qualified to meet commanders from the Python River Army before.

Hong! Long!

The powerful forces irritated Luo Feng. Fortunately, he had strong willpower. Otherwise, he would have been kneeling already.

What do these two commanders want? Luo Feng wondered.

He was in a different status with different power now, so he had a different attitude. If a normal soldier from the special army saw two commanders, they would have revered, not even daring to breathe loudly. After all, the commanders could kill soldiers recklessly and at will.

Hong! Hong!

Two of them landed on the island and glanced at Luo Feng. He jumped off the stone house.

“Humph!” Swan Queen said coldly. “Fire-Polishing Wu, look at this soldier of yours. A law master doesn’t show any respect to us—two commanders.”

Swan Queen was upset by Luo Feng’s attitude. Normally, soldiers greeted them with utmost veneration. However, Luo Feng was indeed a superior being in the World of Jin. Even the four eternal true god generals treated him as the center of the universe. Other than His Majesty the Godly King, he had the highest authority. With such high authority, Luo Feng wouldn’t just greet these two commanders with respect.

“That soldier is impetuous.” Fire-Polishing Wu felt upset as well, and he yelled, “Milky Way, we’re commanders! Have you forgotten what you’re supposed to do?” His voice rumbled in Luo Feng’s ears.

Chapter 1397 - Between

Palms

Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu were on their high horse. Luo Fen frowned, but he understood why they were so overbearing.

They didn’t do anything wrong. The hierarchy was pretty strict in the army, and the gap between a law master soldier and a true god of void space commander was considerable. The commander could easily get away with killing a law master just because the law master offended him.

Ah, I brought this upon myself, Luo Feng thought.

After Luo Feng completed the sealing task, he had been automatically sealed, which was strictly confidential. Even the four leaders from Godly King Valley had only confirmed that Luo Feng had succeeded after seeing the sealing task disappear from the list. Apparently, they couldn’t find any news that Luo Feng had been sealed. His Majesty the Godly King didn’t want everyone to know about it.

While Luo Feng was still in Godly King Valley, the general of the East Army, Harmonious Snow, asked, “Milky Way, you were sealed now. Do you want to publicize it? If you do so, all four armies will know about it, and everyone will venerate you.”

“No need.” Luo Feng rejected the offer without a second thought.

In Luo Feng’s opinion, he was only a guest in the World of Jin, and he would leave this world silently without coming back. There was no need to inform all four armies about him being sealed. Besides, his enemies were those in Universe Ocean, whom he could easily deal with on his own.

Thus, Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu had no idea who Luo Feng was. They had already been hostile toward him before coming here, and they were further upset by his attitude.

“There is no need to talk with him,” said Swan Queen, transmitting her voice. “He seems to be a creature from the outside world. If we hesitate, we might not be able to catch him. I’ll perform illusions and lure him out… If he is not a life form from the outside but actually a life from our World of Jin, we only need to punish him for being disrespectful. But if he’s a creature from the outside world, the consequences will be catastrophic.”

“Okay,” Fire-Polishing Wu said, transmitting his voice. “Do it, Swan Queen.”

The two commanders soon decided what to do.

“Commanders—” said Luo Feng. But as soon as he opened his mouth…

Hong!

Invisible yet mighty godly power immediately surrounded Luo Feng, trying to drag him into an illusion. It was a top-tier skill of true gods of void space, so no matter how impressive Luo Feng was, he wasn’t able to resist it. Fortunately, he held a different status in the World of Jin now.

Weng!

The strength of the World of Jin could be easily manipulated by Luo Feng. With control over this strength, he instantly sensed the godly power coming right at him. Luo Feng was shocked that the commanders had attacked him without any pretext. Luo Feng was infuriated.

“Break!” he yelled.

Hong!

The “strength of a world” of the World of Jin around him trembled, annihilating the incoming godly power instantly. Luo Feng was furious that the two commanders had attacked him without warning. He had originally desired to talk with them in a calm and reasonable way, but now, he aborted that plan. Instead, he waved his hands furiously.

Suddenly, a giant palm formed entirely by the “strength of a world” appeared directly above the two true gods of void space. Gray air flowed around that palm, and the patterns were visible.

Fire-Polishing Wu and Swan Queen were dumbfounded at the sight. “How…?”

Just as the commanders attempted to dodge it—

Peng!

The giant palm slapped down! Fire-Polishing Wu and Swan Queen felt like the entire world was pressing against them, rendering them defenseless.

“He’s only a law master… How…?”

The two true gods of void space were smashed into the ground, creating two holes.

“Get out!” Luo Feng yelled.

Hong! Hong!

The two beings flew out from beneath the palm. Commander Swan Queen, who had been mesmerizing, now had her feathers ruffled. She was tied by the ropes formed by flowing air. Fire-Polishing Wu was also in a sorry state, similarly tied up by ropes formed of air. The two of them felt utterly restrained. They couldn’t even struggle.

“How…?” Commander Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu fell to the ground and shared a terrified glance. Luo Feng had been able to defeat them instantly. He must have been Luo Feng an eternal true god—at least! Perhaps a top-tier eternal true god!

“That soldier Milky Way seems to be a law master, but can it be that he is actually an eternal true god? That’s right. Only generals are able to tell a real eternal true god from others. A noble eternal true god is willing to disguise as a law master. He must be on to something. Chances are, he’s a creature from the outer world!” Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu concluded.

There were only a certain number of eternal true gods in the World of Jin. Even if someone had just become an eternal true god, they had to become so from a true god of void space. They, as commanders, should have known them. As for this soldier Milky Way? They didn’t know who he was, yet he was able to defeat them instantly!

“Why are you here?” Luo Feng looked at Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu coldly. “And why did you attack me? Why did you try to kill me just because I wasn’t respectful enough?”

When that blurry godly power rushed toward him, Luo Feng didn’t know whether they wanted to attack him with illusions or annihilate his soul. He didn’t want to gamble.

“Who are you?” Swan Queen said. “A law master can’t be this powerful.”

“Is there really a great being this powerful in Python River Army? I had no idea!” said Fire-Polishing Wu.

They were both trying to stall time. As soon as they were defeated, they had sent a message to the general of the East Army, Harmonious Snow, at the same time. They thought that since they were in the East Army camp, and general Harmonious Snow was also in the camp, he could arrive here instantly. They only needed to stall for time until Harmonious Snow arrived. Then they could capture this spy.

“Huh?” Luo Feng frowned, looking at the void space in the distance.

Even though the two commanders were captured—and thus, the void spaces were broken—Luo Feng still blocked the surroundings around them with his strength of a world so that the soldiers outside couldn’t see anything happening inside.

Hua!

A door appeared in the void space, and a being flew inside.

He wore silver armor and looked elegant. He had white skin, and he was flying toward the island. The aura of power around him was far stronger than that of the two commanders.

Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu, who were tied up and kneeling on the ground, were exhilarated to see the general.

“General!” they both yelled.

“General Harmonious Snow.” Luo Feng turned around and smiled. “Milky Way.” Harmonious Snow smiled and landed. He saw the two commanders tied up on the ground and yelled, “Swan Queen, Fire-Polishing Wu, why are you here?”

Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu were stunned. They thought that General Harmonious Snow would surely fight this spy from the outside world once he arrived, but they seemed to talk with each other like friends.

“General Harmonious Snow!” yelled Swan Queen. “This soldier, Milky Way, might be a spy from the outside world. Be careful!”

“Be careful, General. Don’t be fooled by him,” said Fire-Polishing Wu. “He has the power of an eternal true god. No matter how good his story sounds, don’t trust him. Please, we have to check on his past, from when his birth, to him becoming a law master, up until now. We can only identify him after that. Don’t trust him so easily.”

General Harmonious Snow glanced at Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu, instantly shutting them up. “I don’t need you to tell me what to do,” he said coldly. “Do you think you’re qualified to know who Lord Milky Way is? You have dared to cross Lord Milky Way… Let’s just hope he doesn’t kill you.”

Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu were baffled. Lord Milky Way?

Of course, they immediately understood that Lord Milky Way held a high status and could kill them easily. However, they thought that generals were the noblest beings in the World of Jin. What kind of being was so revered by the generals that they called him “Lord”?

Suddenly, both Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu realized that they had encountered some fundamental secrets.

“This, this…” Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing were terrified.

They could tell that General Harmonious Snow and Milky Way were chatting with each other, but they couldn’t hear a word they said, which made them even more terrified. They were afraid that Lord Milky Way might kill them.

“Milky Way,” said General Harmonious Snow. “You should’ve listened to me and publicized your true identity. As a sealed great being, no one will dare to disrespect you.”

“No need.” Luo Feng shook his head.

The World of Jin’s Godly King had high expectations for him, so he needed to be careful.

“What’re you going to do with them?” asked General Harmonious Snow.

To the World of Jin, two true gods of void space were nothing. Nobody could stop Luo Feng if he really wanted to kill them both.

“Ask them why they came after me first,” said Luo Feng.

“Okay.” Harmonious Snow nodded. He then transmitted his voice to the two commanders, who quickly explained how it had happened.

General Harmonious Snow turned around and looked at Luo Feng. “A law master soldier from in Swan Queen’s army, Cheng Mu, said that you’re a creature from the outside world. He went so far as to kill himself to prove it.”

General Harmonious Snow didn’t suspect Luo Feng whatsoever. He knew that this soldier had been affirmed by His Majesty the Godly King after a string of procedures. The Godly King was certainly intelligent enough not to let a spy be an heir.

Cheng Mu? thought Luo Feng.

Cheng Mu… Cheng Mu Master was a universe master from Purple Moon Holy Land. Purple Moon Holy Land must have thought that Luo Feng was a nobody in the World of Jin. They hadn’t even changed their names.

Beings from Purple Moon Holy Land? Luo Feng became aggressive. You want to kill me? Then I’ll kill everyone from Purple Moon Holy Land in World of Jin.

Chapter 1398 - Cast One Net,

Catch Them All

Purple Moon Holy Land had been treating him with such hostility time and again. Previously, they had intervened in the “primal universe internal war,” seeking to uproot and destroy the humans’ foundation once and for all. And now, they wanted to destroy him in the World of Jin.

“Luckily… Luckily I have received a title. If not, I would be caught unprepared. Being able to self-destruct to destroy my other bodies to ensure my survival is already more than what I can ask for.”

Luo Feng was a little intimidated during the aftermath of his situation.

If he did not receive a title, there could be two possible outcomes. One was to be directly killed by Swan Queen, which would be a true death without any second chance for revival.

The other outcome was that with his own willpower, he would have to grasp the few seconds he had to self-destruct before he fell into the illusion! If he could self-destruct, at least he could protect himself from death even if his two other bodies were destroyed. However, the treasures that he had brought along, such as Blood Ghost Blade and Boat of Mausoleum, would be gone—especially the Boat of Mausoleum, since there was a space of inheritance inside.

Of course, only an heir would be able to enter the space of inheritance! The space of inheritance was under the control of his other energy body, so even if it was seized by his opponent, that other party would still be unable to enter. However, while the other party was denied entry, his own earthling original body would also have no chance of entering; only his other energy body could continue to remain within this space of inheritance. And this space of inheritance was lost on the outside.

Harmonious Snow looked toward Luo Feng. “Milky Way, those two commanders, Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu. How do you intend to deal with them?”

“Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu?” Luo Feng frowned. It was clear that he was feeling some anger.

Harmonious Snow responded right away. “The two of them were not aware of your true identity beforehand. They took you to be an ordinary warrior, which was why they were that… Milky Way, would you, slightly—”

“Harmonious Snow,” Luo Feng interrupted him. “You may rest assured that I am not so extreme as to go after their lives. However, for pressing their luck and trying to go over my head, there is no way I can let them off easily. He nodded. “The punishment for them is very simple…”

Luo Feng had gone through the punishment once, but what he said made Harmonious Snow blink in disbelief. It was almost unimaginable for someone like Milky Way, who was a godly king, to come up with such a handling method.

“Do you get it?” Luo Feng asked.

Fire-Polishing Wu and Swan Queen were in a sorry state. They were both bound by ropes composed of condensed airflow, so there was no way they could move whatsoever. Both lay on the ground. On the surface, they were already a sorry sight, but in their hearts, they felt all the more anxious and flustered. The two could see Luo Feng and Harmonious Snow, who were not far away. Even if they could see the two in conversation, they could not hear a single word that was being discussed.

“Swan Queen, you really got me into deep trouble this time around,” said Fire-Polishing Wu, raging and furious.

“I am also in bitter trouble, too,” said Swan Queen, also unable to hold back her emotions. “How would I have known? From what I know, the four generals were the highest and most powerful of our World of Jin. Now, this Lord Milky Way has appeared out of nowhere! Our World of Jin is obviously not like what it appears to be the surface. It is much more mysterious. I just did not expect us to have to be the ones to chance upon this mysterious side.”

Fire-Polishing Wu shook his head in agony.

The Jin Dynasty might have fallen, but out of those formidable great beings who had followed His Majesty the Godly King out to battle back then, there were quite a few who were much stronger than the four great generals. Perhaps this Milky Way was one of the super great beings who had followed His Majesty the Godly King out to war and managed to survive…

“Let’s wait.”

“And pray we are spared.”

Fire-Polishing Wu and Swan Queen lay down, feeling hopeful. At that moment, General Harmonious Snow approached them from afar.

“General.”

“General.”

Both pairs of eyes lit up. They had been under his command for a long time, so they believed they should have a chance of surviving.

General Harmonious Snow walked over. Looking at Fire-Polishing Wu and Swan Queen, who were both lying on the floor, he said without further ado, “The two of you are lucky. Lord Milky Way does not want to take your lives.”

Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu let out sighs of relief. So long as they were spared, how good it would be to stay alive! If this had been a war with other powerful groups, losing their lives would not have been a big deal, but to die in their own territories would be a grievance too great to bear.

“Both of you might be exempt from the death penalty—but certainly not spared the rod.” General Harmonious Snow looked them both in the eyes. “You both have accumulated a tremendous amount of military credits over countless years and have quite a number of treasures in your possession. Now… you shall be stripped of all your military credits and treasures as a form of punishment.”

“Ah!” Both pairs of eyes widened in shock.

Heavens! How could this be? This… This—this was simply…

“Did you not hear me?” General Harmonious Snow frowned as he ordered, “Leave your treasures behind. Why aren’t you both leaving?”

The ropes composed of condensed airflow on Fire-Polishing Wu and Swan Queen automatically broke down and dispersed.

“If you are not going to leave your treasures and depart, does it mean you intend to give your lives instead?” There was a hint of coldness in his eyes as General Harmonious Snow spoke.

How different Milky Way’s status was! He was an heir highly regarded by His Majesty the Godly King. For His Majesty, sacrificing a warrior was not a loss worth lamenting, but the situation would be different for an heir. Two miserable true gods of void space, still hoping to bargain for more than their worth?

“Yes, yes, yes!” Fire-Polishing Wu said, first to respond. “Thank you, Lord Milky Way, for your benevolence. Thank you, General, for your help.”

Hua!

All of a sudden, a pile of treasures appeared beside him. Within an instant, all of Fire-Polishing Wu’s automaton type treasures, soul treasures, armors, weapons, and all other materials appeared before them. He kept none at all. Even the so-called suit of armor on his body, which was, at that moment, merely godly power in its condensed form.

“Mm?” Harmonious Snow looked at Swan Queen.

Although she was most reluctant, Swan Queen was unwilling to die. “I will leave mine, too.”

Within a short moment, Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu had left a pile of treasures. Then, now in a sorry state, they flew off. Their manner as they flew was no longer mighty, as it had been before. Swan Queen no longer left that compulsory streak of flowing, rainbow light she always had while flying; instead, she flew off wordlessly in a most forlorn manner. No other warriors were around to witness such a scene.

“They are gone.” General Harmonious Snow said.

“Mm.” Luo Feng walked over and looked at all the treasures on the ground. He nodded and with a single wave, putting away everything before him.

“As for the military credits that they both accumulated, I will arrange for those to be transferred over to you.” General Harmonious Snow lamented with a sigh. “What a ruthless hand you dealt. For law masters and true gods, they are still able to earn military credits through the missions assigned by the army. But the moment they become true gods of void space, there are no such army missions anymore. If they want to earn military credits, it is incomparably difficult. Yet you took everything that they had painstakingly earned over the countless years away so swiftly and quickly.”

Luo Feng merely smiled. Of course, he knew. This was the reality in the World of Jin. Law masters and true gods were all assigned army missions, but to assign true gods of void space, who were commanders, with missions… For what? Could they possibly be assigned to kill other true gods of void space of the World of Jin?

This was why they were not assigned any army missions—unless there was some foolish true god of void space who dared to provoke the army. Then a few true gods of void space would be deployed to settle the situation. This was when a certain amount of military credits would be given out. But to provoke the army? How many of these true gods of void space would be foolish enough to dare to provoke the army? This was why, generally, the only way for true gods of void space to earn military credits was to command, lead, teach, and guide troops. Commanding itself was a contribution of service. Naturally, every different level of command would bestow these true gods of void space with different amounts of military credits.

However, accumulating military credits in this way was far too slow.

General Harmonious Snow left, too.

Luo Feng headed toward the military point. Just as he entered the hall, the world suddenly changed.

Hua!

A figure accompanied by a beam of golden light appeared before Luo Feng, and most deferentially, he greeted, “My greetings to Lord Milky Way.”

Luo Feng smiled. Every warrior coming in here would have met this figure with golden light. In the past, this figure bathed in golden light was completely hard-hearted, yet now, it was incomparably reverent.

“There isn’t a single warrior around.” Luo Feng looked around. The surroundings were void of everything. Apparently, Luo Feng had been led to an isolated domain.

“Lord Milky Way, this is the ‘ring of the military point.’” The figure bathed in golden light flipped his hand, and in the middle of his palm, an exquisite ring appeared. “Lord Milky Way may make use of this ring of the military point to enter the World of Military Arms anytime you wish. So long as you are within the World of Jin, you may enter the World of Military Arms. There is no need for you to personally come down here to the military point.”

Luo Feng’s eyes lit up.

“The authority of Lord Milky Way begins the moment you receive this ring of the military point.” The ring flew from the figure over to Luo Feng.

With arm outstretched, Luo Feng received the ring. “I would like to look at information on all the warriors who are law masters and those who have joined the four major armies in the recent three eras,” he said. “Also, would you be able to simulate the auras of these warriors?”

“Of course,” said the figure bathed in golden light. “The life form’s aura is indeed the most accurate identification method to determine their identity. Of course, we can do a simulation. Lord Milky Way has enough authority for such a request.”

Suddenly—

Hua! Hua! Hua!

In the empty space beside him, figures started appearing one by one. All these were simulations of the warrior figures who had joined the four major armies over the recent three eras. At first glance, all of them made a mighty sight.

“That’s quite a big number,” Luo Feng muttered to himself. “Luckily, it is only three eras.”

Luo Feng was considered to be from one of the earliest batches. Since he had entered the World of Jin, only slightly more than two eras had passed. Warriors sent by Purple Moon Holy Land could certainly still be found within this time span.

“Let’s begin.”

Luo Feng quickly started checking through. How fast could the speeds of conscious calculation and godly power response of a great being be? Merely a moment had passed. He had very quickly made his selection.

“A total of 96 from Purple Moon Holy Land joined the four major armies,” Luo Feng said quietly.

In fact, Purple Moon Holy Land had sent more than what he had calculated. However, to be accepted into the army, the universe masters needed to first join the selections. No matter how amply prepared Purple Moon Holy Land was, there was no way it could ensure a 100-percent entry rate.

“These 96 of them,” Luo Feng contemplated. “If I want to kill them all… I must do it in one swift move. I cannot afford to take my time. The moment they are alerted, they will escape very quickly.”

“Mm? That’s not right!” Just as Luo Feng was deliberating on how he should kill these 96 universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land, his expression registered a slight change. “If I kill them all this time around, won’t I be alerting Purple Moon Holy Land? Then, when the next era comes, will Purple Moon Holy Land still send universe masters in here?”

Primal universe, primal secret region, in the endless Remote Ocean.

“Teacher.” Amidst the mighty waves, a lone figure appeared. It was none other than Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng,” said Primal Chaos City Leader, looking at him. “You mentioned you have the authority to kill all the universe masters of Purple Moon Holy Land who are within the World of Jin?”

“Uh-huh.” Luo Feng nodded.

The Wu Qi Tower mission. The deal between the Godly King and himself. It was highly unlikely that Luo Feng would tell anyone else about these or several other factors.

“This Purple Moon Holy Land has always pitted itself against us humans,” Luo Feng said in a low voice. “If not for the fact that I am of a different status and authority level within the World of Jin, I’m afraid I would nearly have been played nearly to death by them. This time, I must take my revenge well. Let them, Purple Moon Holy Land, be unable to regain their strength and vitality within the next few reincarnation eras. But I was thinking, the second era has yet to end. Only a part of it has passed, so I’m guessing they will likely send in another big group during the third era. Now that the third era is nearing, when the time is right, I will cast the net and wipe them out once and for all!”

Primal Chaos City Leader’s eyes lit up as he nodded repeatedly. “Great! They used the first era to find out more about the place. The second era, they only sent in a portion of their universe masters. When the third era comes, they will send in another batch. By then, within our Universe Ocean, almost half of every group will be considered as having entered the World of Jin. To make a move, we do indeed have to wait until the third era!

“Also! Not only do we have to make a move against Purple Moon Holy Land, but we also need to make a move against the united forces alliance, which always seem to be fighting the human alliance. We may have the upper hand now, but to truly gain the absolute advantage, who knows how long that will take? Now that you are in the World of Jin, let’s finish off those in the World of Jin with one blow… The power of the demons, the bug soldiers, the automaton race, and several other races will definitely weaken. Eventually, they will no longer have the ability to resist.”

Primal Chaos City Leader’s eyes were sparkling with madness and anticipation.

Chapter 1399

“That’s right.” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “Then we humans will have many more eras to develop ourselves.”

If the human team and the united forces alliance kept fighting each other, the humans wouldn’t have any advantage for billions of eras!

“Which is why, Luo Feng, a great responsibility now falls on your shoulders,” said Primal Chaos City Leader, “and this time, we have to make sure that we succeed in one shot.” He nodded. “The original universe period is the most important period for a race. After all, only the original universe can breed universe supreme masters. Once this universe era is over, no universe supreme masters can be born.”

Luo Feng was excited by what Primal Chaos City Leader had just described. If they could succeed, the bug race, the automaton race, the demon race, the prison race, and the crystal race would have to give up lots of territories. Then the humans would become the number-one race in the original universe!

At the Python River Army, in the East Army of the World of Jin, Luo Feng left the military point and went back to his stone house.

“Military point ring.” Luo Feng took out the delicate ring that had been bestowed to him at the military point. “Start!”

Luo Feng infused his godly power.

Hua!

The surroundings in the stone house changed, and a vast world showed up. A golden being arrived.

“Lord Milky Way,” said the golden being respectfully. “I am here at your service, Lord Milky Way. You can contact the core of the World of Jin. Lord Milky Way, I need to tell you first that I don’t have any valuables, but this military point ring can form a military point world. I only have some information inheritance. If you want weapons or machine-type valuables, it will take some time for the valuables to be transported here through space transportation.”

Luo Feng nodded. Space transportation was akin to god country transportation. However, it was impossible to enter a god country while in the World of Jin, so god country transportation was impossible.

“Let me check my military credits first,” said Luo Feng.

“Lord Milky Way, your military points are 661,500,” said the golden being. “Also, you have high authority, so you can get the maximum military credits. For example, if you receive 100,000 military credits in exchange for a weapon, you can also get the weapon back for 100,000 military credits.”

Luo Feng smiled. Ordinarily, the military point was unfair in its rates. A weapon that granted the contributor 80,000 military credits might cost 120,000 military credits to buy back. However, Luo Feng held superior authority, so the military point wouldn’t pocket the difference.

As for the six million military credits? Those were left by Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu.

“They’re true gods of void space, and this is all they’ve got?” Luo Feng shook his head. “Let’s see how much these valuables are worth.”

Luo Feng threw out a large number of valuables: armors, weapons, machine-type valuables, valuables used to recover godly power, and so on… They were all valuables left by Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu.

Hua!

The golden produced a trace of light that shone upon the weapons and armors.

“You can get 56,208,000 military credits in total,” said the golden being.

“Oh!” Luo Feng smiled. “More than 50 million military credits. Just as I expected, those commanders exchanged their military credits for valuables. However, all they have combined is only slightly more than the value of Wu Qi God. Not impressive.”

Luo Feng’s comment, which he utterly so haphazardly, would have infuriated any true god of void space. After all, only law masters and true gods could earn massive military credits. Once someone became a true god of void space, it would take them a long time to accumulate military credits; they could only gain military credits periodically as commanders. While they were still law masters or true gods, they could gain military credits quickly through catastrophe-level or incarnation-level tasks. Ordinary tasks only gave them valuables enough to recover their godly bodies.

Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu had accumulated over ten million military credits after all those tasks. They had become true gods of void space, and they had accumulated these military credits, subsequently exchanging them for valuables. Yet everything had been seized all at once.

“Lord Milky Way,” said the golden being. “With your authority, you can read all the information you want. As for valuables, you need military credits to get them.”

Luo Feng nodded. “Give me the list.”

He had more than 60 million military credits! He could get lots of valuables. He immediately ordered many true god level valuables.

“20 true god level palaces! 20 true god level armors! 20 true god level weapons! 20 true god level domain type valuables! 20 true god level soul type valuables!”

“Wait!” Luo Feng was irritated.

Valuables? There were only a limited number of supreme true treasures in Universe Ocean? Was it because there were no supreme true treasures? No! Many great beings from the ancient civilization had died, and there were countless warriors in Universe Boat. That meant there should have been many valuables and weapons left by the deceased great beings. It was to be expected that over 1,000 supreme true treasures had made it out of the World of Jin. However, there were always only a very limited number of valuables in Universe Ocean.

Always a limited number? Luo Feng thought. Does the original mind keep it under control…? If this is the case, the original mind might do something if I bring too many valuables back…

Luo Feng then shook his head. Wait… This can’t be the case. The original mind guided us to the World of Jin. Apparently, it wanted us there. We are great beings from Universe Ocean, so naturally, we came here for the inheritance and the incredible valuables. Which means… the original mind wants us to get the inheritance and the valuables.

Luo Feng was baffled. The original mind kept the balance before, so there were only a limited number of valuables and inheritance. Why?

Why does it want us to be stronger? Is there a common enemy?

Luo Feng wondered about this. After all, the original mind couldn’t make any attacks on its own. Nobody had ever seen the original mind make any attacks personally. Apparently, the original mind followed a specific operation law.

Luo Feng decided to only get 100 true god level valuables. He was intimidated by the original mind, so he decided that he wouldn’t give those valuables away easily.

I’ll keep some of them in storage, and I’ll give some to the top beings in the human race, thought Luo Feng. Besides, I need to leave some for the earthlings, and I also need to prepare a small number for my family.

Not only was Luo Feng a member of the human race, but he was also the leader of the earthlings, which was a more important role for him! With the potential the earthlings had, it would easily account for 1/50th of the power of the human race. If Luo Feng helped them enough, it was likely that the earthlings could count for one-tenth, one-eighth, or even one-seventh of the total power of the human race.

Luo Feng was happy to see that. Of course, the earthlings needed to fight for themselves, and every accomplishment they would achieve would depend on them. He could only give them opportunities and inheritances.

It only took Luo Feng around three million military credits to get 100 true god valuables. As for the remaining military credits, he was in no rush to spend them.

Luo Feng could sense that the original mind had deliberately guided them into World of Jin, and if there was really a danger coming, he would get valuables based on how dangerous the situation would be. After all, he only had a certain amount of military credits, and once he used them all, he couldn’t just threaten another true god of void space or ask the Godly King for help.

Milky Way Holy Land in the original universe.

“This Shi Wu Wing…” Remote Ocean Luo Feng was sitting there, and the ten wings were floating in front of him.

Remote Ocean Luo Feng infused his godly power into Shi Wu Wing, and he was studying carefully.

“Haha! I’ve finally understood it. The third level is indeed complicated. Normal great beings might only be able to utilize the third level after becoming true gods.” Luo Feng sighed. Not every law master was as powerful as him. “The third level of Shi Wu Wing…”

Two traces of red light shot out of his eyes, shining upon the ten wings.

“Drive!”

White mist permeated from the ten pairs of wings and centered around Remote Ocean body and around the dimming black mist. An area of 120 square light years was covered by the mist. The white mist permeated, blocking the area from the outer world.

“This is…” Remote Ocean Luo Feng looked dazed. “Is this ‘one thought void space’? Burn! Burn!”

Remote Ocean Luo Feng was exhilarated. He tried to maximize the power.

Hong! Hong!

He kept burning godly power by using the second volume of Duan Mie so that the void space around Shi Wu Wing surged. Under Luo Feng’s control, the area could be enlarged and narrowed.

“This is ‘one thought void space.’ A simplified version of void space with a single thought.” Luo Feng was overjoyed.

Even though it was a simplified version, it was still much more powerful than a domain supreme true treasure, which made Luo Feng incomparably excited. A support-based valuable could be very helpful. After all, it was a new level of power added to his own power. Besides, domain type valuables were better at group attacks. Golden Country was only slightly weaker than domain supreme true treasures. But the third level of Shi Wu Wing was much stronger than domain supreme true treasures.

“What name should I give it?” Luo Feng wondered aloud.

Just as Luo Feng was trying to comprehend the third level of Shi Wu Wing…

On the shore of the vast lake of Python River Army camp in the East Army of the World of Jin, two soldiers lay on the grass, looking frustrated. They stared at the sky without blinking.

“Where is Swan Queen? We can’t find any trace of him. We’ve waited here for six days. It is said that Swan Queen always leaves a rainbow behind if she flies by.”

“There’s also no news that Milky Way has died.”

“What should we do? Our ancestor is waiting for the news.”

Chapter 1400

Purple Moon Holy Land.

“Go and check whether Luo Feng is alive or not!” Purple Moon Ancestor looked down and yelled.

“Ancestor,” said a white-caped universe master, groveling. “No soldiers from Purple Moon Holy Land are in Python River Army. Other soldiers aren’t allowed to be in Python River Army camp. Although we’re friends with two soldiers from Python River Army, we can’t just ask them to go to Luo Feng’s place.”

“Ancestor, Cheng Mu self-destructed, so there are no soldiers in Swan Queen army anymore. Nobody can check whether Swan Queen is back or not.”

“Ancestor…”

The universe masters were all telling the Ancestor how difficult it would be to find out the answer to his inquiry. After all, it was the World of Jin; even though there were almost 100 universe masters in the army, they were like drops of water in the ocean. It was impossible to find out anything.

“Humph!” Purple Moon Ancestor snorted.

Suddenly, a female with three eyes and eight arms opened her eyes and said, “Ancestor, a piece of news just came from the original universe.”

“Tell me!” Purple Moon Ancestor yelled.

The female answered respectfully. “It’s confirmed that the endless Remote Ocean is still lively. Apparently, that Luo Feng is still alive.”

“Still alive?” Purple Moon Ancestor looked irritated. In his opinion, it should have been easy to kill a universe master. He hadn’t expected any failures. He turned to look at Cheng Mu Master nearby. “How?”

Cheng Mu Master replied, “Ancestor, we don’t have a solid foundation in the World of Jin. Besides, all of us are law masters, so we have a low status. It’s difficult for us to check news or set someone up… We can’t find out why Luo Feng is still alive. After all, none of us are qualified to talk to Swan Queen.”

Purple Moon Ancestor nodded. He understood that although Purple Moon Holy Land was a holy land, the number of universe masters sent to the World of Jin was smaller than that in a tribe in the World of Jin.

“How can we kill him?” Purple Moon Ancestor considered. “Luo Feng entered from the outside. How did he earn the trust of the locals?” Purple Moon Ancestor was perplexed. “There must be a reason behind this.”

Time flew by. Luo Feng had originally thought that Purple Moon Holy Land would strike again, yet they didn’t do anything. Eventually, the third era arrived.

“Finally,” said Luo Feng, standing atop endless Remote Ocean.

“The third era has come,” said Primal Chaos City Leader in a low voice, but his voice was trembling. “Luo Feng, can you really kill that many universe masters in the World of Jin in only one shot? Those universe masters might be in different places, and if some of them die, other universe masters might panic, which means they’ll try to get away, or even self-destruct.”

Self-destruction was a method for universe masters who had multiple bodies to escape. Primal Chaos City Leader rarely questioned Luo Feng, but it was indeed a big deal this time.

“Have faith in me, teacher,” said Luo Feng.

“Okay.” Primal Chaos City Leader felt relieved. “Other than the humans, many other races have also joined the Hong Alliance. Some of them joined voluntarily, but others were forced by us… Besides, the inheritance from the ancient civilization we offer is nothing compared to what is offered in the World of Jin. 36 universe masters from the Hong Alliance went in last time, and after those universe masters bring back news from the World of Jin, many more want to go, and there’s no way we can stop them. Perhaps over 100 universe masters will go in this time.”

Luo Feng nodded. Subsidiary races were after all other races. Although they followed the humans, they would also seize any chance to improve themselves. The World of Jin was a great opportunity.

“The united forces alliance…” Primal Chaos City Leader smiled. “Many from the united forces alliance have entered the World of Jin. And many more will go in this time.”

“I understand, teacher.” Luo Feng nodded, and his eyes glinted wildly.

This issue determined race territories. He couldn’t be soft.

The bug race territory.

“Empress.”

“Empress.”

Twenty beings were standing in the palace, while the noble empress was seated.

“Even the humans can’t control the races under them.” Bug Empress looked down and smiled. “The great beings from other races in the Hong Alliance also long for this, so many of them will enter the World of Jin. We of the united forces alliance can also get in without any trouble.” Then she added slowly, “This is the opportunity of a lifetime. There are many supreme true treasures in the World of Jin, and there are also wonderful machine-type valuables. Once we have those, we’ll be much stronger. The competition in the World of Jin will determine which team in the original universe wins. Which means you must get as many inheritances and valuables as possible in the World of Jin.”

“Yes.”

“Yes.”

“Yes.”

All the twenty universe masters of bug race were enthusiastic. It was a tempting realm, this World of Jin—a world that belonged to them.

Demon race territory.

Shock Demon Ancestor’s voice rumbled and echoed in the space. “Our united forces alliance is always being one-upped by the human team. We will eventually fail if nothing changes. The World of Jin is our only chance to turn things around! Compared to the World of Jin, the valuables we have now are a joke! In the World of Jin, there exist valuables thousands of times more precious.”

There were towering beings in the surrounding area. Some were from the demon race, and some belonged to other races in the demon race alliance.

“Howl!”

“World of Jin!”

“Machine-type true treasures!”

Everyone was howling.

“Go,” said Shock Demon Ancestor. “Go get those valuables and inheritances!”

The entire united forces alliance had reached a consensus that the World of Jin was their only chance to turn things around. And besides that, the World of Jin was tempting to begin with. All the powers in the united forces alliance—the bug race, the demon race, the automaton race, the prison race, the crystal race, the Northern Territory Alliance, and the remaining members of the Freedom Alliance—all entered Universe Ocean, marching toward the World of Jin.

“This is our chance.”

“The World of Jin is the chance for Space Beast Alliance to have more universe supreme masters.” The old beast god looked down. “No matter how the united forces alliance fights the humans, we shall help neither. All we need to do is utilize the World of Jin to make us stronger.”

“Ooh!”

“Ah!”

“Stronger!”

All the space beasts were filled with expectation. Although they had chosen to stand with the united forces alliance when the human race was fighting them, they didn’t have any territorial conflicts against the humans. The old beast god had negotiated with the humans several times, and he had even leveraged his past relationship with Luo Feng, hoping to gain forgiveness.

The Space Beast Alliance had compensated the human race. Luo Feng had thought back to his past relationship and considered the fact that he had a golden horned beast body. The humans and the Space Beast Alliance were at peace now.

The Space Beast Alliance decided not to interfere anymore, opting to compensate humans. To the humans, they had fought alongside the united forces alliance mainly for territories! After all, the human race had long been at an advantage, so their opposition had no chance to occupy their territory. They were fighting because they wanted more territories, particularly some core territories.

The Space Beast Alliance, however, didn’t need territories at all. There was no reason to keep up the fight. As for the demon race and the automaton race, the only means of negotiation were for the demon race and the automaton race to give up all their territories and be left with only a small area in the remote region of the original universe. After all, the demon race, the automaton race, the bug race, and the humans occupied the best territories in the original universe.

Just as the great beings in the original universe were all rushing toward Universe Ocean, three ancestral gods sat on thrones in Ancestral God Palace in the ancestral god secret region.

Weng!

A dim light filled Ancestral God Palace, and a giant whirlpool rotated above it. Three light pillars enveloped the three ancestral gods. All the guards outside kneeled down as they realized that it was the great original mind sharing a piece of information.

“This is the time… Go… Live or die… Only war! Destined… Incarnation…”

Messages kept being sent to the three ancestral gods beneath the whirlpool.

Eventually, everything faded away. The three ancestral gods, who had their eyes closed, gradually opened their eyes. They looked at each other, terrified.

“So… So this is what’s going to happen,” the youngest ancestral god said, shaking.

“Last time, I was confused as to why the great original mind had allowed that giant object to show up and why it guided them! Without the great original mind, countless great beings will die before they even find a way to enter the World of Jin. This… This is the reason behind all these.”

“It shows up in our incarnation era.” The double-faced ancestral god was also shaking. “This is a disaster. I’ve known for a long time that Universe Ocean was mysterious, and it’s difficult to inspect it. There’s too much we don’t know. I can’t believe it’s this catastrophic.”

“Even Huge Axe Founder was killed instantly. Let’s hope they got much stronger in the World of Jin and got more valuables to face this apocalypse.”

“Let’s go.”

“Let’s go tell all the powers in Universe Ocean.”

Chapter 1401 - Sector Beast

In the vast Universe Ocean, where the chaotic airflow was incredibly thick and dense, a nine-story tower suddenly appeared amidst the chaotic airflow.

Within the tower, the 100 universe masters from the Hong Alliance had gathered. Regardless of whether they were plant life forms with countless lush branches and leaves or rock life forms surrounded by flames all over, these universe masters from the various powerful races were all part of the Hong Alliance. At the moment, they were engaged in conversation with one another.

“Ahead is where that humanoid massive life form is. We will be there very soon!”

In the frontmost area of the tower, Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader were standing side by side, the other universe masters from the Hong Alliance did not dare disturb.

“The World of Jin will be the greatest opportunity for the rise of the human race.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked far out into the outside world, beyond Universe Ocean, and let out a sigh he said, “Previously, when Huge Axe was annihilated, I thought my fellow humans would face a daunting future. Who would have thought to see a silver lining among the clouds…? After we achieve this feat, our humans will well be on the rise, and there will no longer be anyone to stop us.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Hua!

Star Tower quickly flew right through the middle of the lips of that massive creature.

Outside the miniature universe of the World of Jin, numerous palace type true treasures were suspended, all of which were troops of various groups of top powers within the Universe Ocean. A nine-story tower also made its way over.

“It’s Star Tower.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader’s Star Tower. The humans are here, too.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader!”

Various powerful groups suddenly redirected their attention.

Luo Feng stood within the tower as his gaze swept over the crowd outside. He whispered, “This is a little more than the previous time. With the third era, the number of universe masters seeking to enter the World of Jin is far more, I guess.”

Luo Feng was surprised as he looked into the distance.

“That is…” Primal Chaos City Leader said, also looking over.

“The Ancestral God School?” Luo Feng was shocked to see that, amidst the void space in the outside world, where it was relatively nearer to the miniature universe of the World of Jin, there were three figures. These three were none other than the three ancestral gods from the Ancestral God School, and all three of them each exuded endlessly oppressive power that was strong enough to overpower any true god.

“Why are the three ancestral gods here?” Luo Feng asked with a frown.

Beside him, even Primal Chaos City Leader was solemn as he replied, “Previously, during the initial entry into the World of Jin, these three ancestral gods appeared to advise the various groups of powers on how to enter the World of Jin. Now, all three are here again, and judging by the oppressive force they are exuding… Apparently, they are still in the favor of the willpower of the primal universe origin. They must be here under the orders of the willpower of the origin!”

Luo Feng nodded slowly as he stared at the three ancestral gods in the distance.

After that, numerous troops arrived to realize that the three ancestral gods from Ancestral God School had appeared.

“The three ancestral gods?”

“Why are they here?”

“Judging by the oppressive force they are exuding, they must be representing the willpower of the primal universe origin. The only thing we are unsure of… is what they intend to do!”

The various powerful groups were filled with doubts. No one was afraid of the willpower of the origin, but neither did anyone initiate any provocation. After all, they had never heard of the willpower of the origin killing anyone independently, as long as they avoided provoking it. However, none of them dared to take this situation lightly—nor any piece of information about the willpower of origin. After all, even the most senior of universe supreme masters found the Universe Ocean mysterious and unfathomable.

Time passed, and during this third era, various groups of top powers naturally made their way over as soon as they could. As if of one mind, everyone had made it a point to arrive slightly early. Because the period of time when the membrane walls of the miniature universe of World of Jin remained white was not long, it was necessary for them to arrive as early as possible.

“Attention, all!” The three ancestral gods stood amidst the void space. The aged ancestral god slowly spoke, and his voice resonated in every corner of the void space. “At this moment, almost all the representatives of the three reincarnation eras and two holy lands from the Universe Ocean have made it here.”

Suddenly, from within the numerous palace true treasures far away, many figures flew out. They were all great beings varying in appearance and form; there were thousands of universe masters, and a portion of them were universe supreme masters. All of them were gathering into scattered groups, looking at the three ancestral gods from afar.

“What do the three ancestral gods want?”

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader stood beside one another, and behind them. There were over 100 universe masters from the Hong Alliance. The various powerful groups were filled with doubts.

The three ancestral gods’ gazes swept through the surroundings as the aged ancestral god continued: “We are here on the orders of the willpower of the origin, and we have something very important to inform you all… Do you know why this miniature universe, the World of Jin, which lies within the body of this massive creature, suddenly appeared in Universe Ocean?”

Silence. Everyone was listening intently.

“This…” said the aged ancestral god. “This was orchestrated personally by the willpower of the primal universe origin. It led this massive creature here. All the way from deep within Universe Ocean, it was led here by the willpower of the primal universe origin.”

Suddenly, there was an uproar.

“What?”

“Led all the way here?”

Even Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader wore shocked expressions. This massive creature had flown all the way here from deep within Universe Ocean, and it had, in fact, been led all the way here by the willpower of the primal universe origin! Was this for real? Or was it just a ploy? A deception? Those who were present were all top-notch existences from Universe Ocean. They would never trust such words so easily.

“Previously, while you all may have discovered this massive creature, you were all clueless about how you could enter,” said the aged ancestral god. “If the willpower of the primal universe origin had not led the way, who knows how much time would have been spent? Who knows how many great beings would have to be sacrificed in the body of this massive creature before the final destination could be found?”

Everyone nodded.

Luo Feng was also in agreement. After all, it was indeed a very vast area in the body of that massive creature. Without guidance, there would surely be a great deal of places they needed to explore. Even if they did discover the World of Jin, after hundreds and thousands of attempts, always resulting in failure and annihilation, there would come a time when they would have to stop trying, albeit temporarily. No one would have known that entry was only possible when the membrane of that miniature universe was white. If there was no guidance, the powerful groups would certainly suffer some degree of loss, and the time required would be much longer.

“The willpower of the origin followed the universe law,” said the aged ancestral god. “When a catastrophe occurs, it will take it upon itself to beseech any glimmer of hope of survival for all life forms. This World of Jin is the place where the vitality of every living soul of the various groups of top powers from Universe Ocean can be found.”

“‘Catastrophe’ occurs?”

“What catastrophe?”

“Catastrophe?”

That word alone was enough to rouse the attention of the various groups of powers. The first and second reincarnation eras and all the great beings from the primal universe era were looking intently at the three ancestral gods.

The youngest of the three ancestral gods added in a loud and clear voice, “The primal universe breeds all life forms and all living souls. In this vast world, there are two sides to everything. If there is a primal universe that breeds all life forms… then, on the contrary, there will also be an existence that destroys all life forms.” The young ancestral god’s gaze swept across the surroundings. “This existence is called… Sector Beast!”

All the great beings fell silent. Gradually, they began muttering to themselves as doubts ran through their minds.

“Sector Beast?”

“The primal universe breeds all life forms and living souls? And the Sector Beast destroys everything?”

Even Luo Feng was filled with doubts. “Sector Beast? Seriously? Why have I never heard of its existence before…?”

The three ancestral gods seemed to know that the various great beings were stumped by this piece of news. They paused for a moment to allow the numerous great beings some time to process this information.

In one quiet corner, among the great beings from the various groups of top powers from the Universe Ocean, a lone figure appeared. This lofty elder was seated atop a cyan-colored mountain peak. He was none other than Sitting Mountain Guest.

Sitting Mountain Guest had never entered the World of Jin. Neither was he the least bit concerned. However, the three ancestral gods had come forth, so here he was, too.

“Sector Beast?” Sitting Mountain Guest flashed a strange expression as he vaguely recalled. “Sector Beast… Could it have been born soon? If it was born, then, indeed, this is a major catastrophe in the making.”

“Come to think of it,” Sitting Mountain Guest whispered softly, “this is quite ridiculous. Sector Beast… What a pity…” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head.

The three ancestral gods’ gazes swept across the surroundings, and Double-Faced Ancestral God spoke up.

“Sector Beast is known to be the most terrifying life form that could be bred by Universe Ocean—unquestionably, the most terrifying life form! It was an existence that contradicted the presence of the primal universe. After an immeasurably long period of time, a single Sector Beast would emerge, and when this happened… there would be a great catastrophe… For countless eras, within the entire Universe Ocean, why were there only two holy land universes?” Double-Faced Ancestral God looked toward the various powerful groups. Suddenly, every great being present started speculating about why this was.

Luo Feng’s heart stirred. How true. Over the course of countless eras, there should have been births of extraordinary talents. Two holy land universes were simply too few to start with. Could it be…?

“All of you are right,” Double-Faced Ancestral God said, nodding solemnly. “All the earlier holy land universes were destroyed by Sector Beasts. When a Sector Beast completely emerges, it will destroy all the universes it comes across, regardless of whether it is a holy land universe, a miniature universe, or even… the primal universe!”

“Ah!”

“What, all the miniature universes? Even the primal universe, too?”

Everyone was shocked.

“The universe itself is not resilient and can only withstand attacks passively,” Double-Faced Ancestral God continued. “Every living soul will undergo extermination, so naturally, everything within the universe will eventually be exterminated. However, the extermination of the primal universe is only temporary… It will be transformed back to its origin. Then, in the future, everything will again undergo evolution to become the primal universe again.”

In the Purple Moon Holy Land universe, as the three ancestral gods were talking to the various powerful groups, Purple Moon Ancestor immediately jumped out of his throne upon hearing the news

“Sector Beast?” he said. “The three ancestral gods mentioned that a Sector Beast is about to be born? How could it…? How could it turn out like this…?”

“Ancestor!”

The dozen universe masters kneeling beneath Purple Moon Ancestor were all perturbed with trepidation.

“Get out, all of you!” Purple Moon Ancestor shouted.

Fearfully, everyone departed.

Purple Moon Ancestor could hardly hide his anxiety as he said, “How could it be? It should be tens of thousands of reincarnation eras—or even more—before a Sector Beast is bred. I just became a true god of void space not too long ago. How could…? How could I be so unlucky…? What a timely coincidence to meet with the birth of a Sector Beast! I—I must make good use of time and quickly cultivate to become an eternal true god. Once I become an eternal true god, I will be able to fight against the Sector Beast, so at least my miniature universe will not be destroyed.”

Purple Moon Ancestor and East Emperor Ancestor were both very flustered.

In the void space outside World of Jin, the three ancestral gods were still speaking.

“The Sector Beast is still very small and weak now. While it is still small and weak, we should strike and kill it. This is the best opportunity for us! Once it grows up, all life during the period when it reaches maturity will be exterminated. Not a single survivor will be left. Even the primal universe will be temporarily destroyed and transformed back into its origin.”

“The World of Jin will help you increase your powers and collect more powerful treasures. Then you can use these to exterminate the Sector Beast.”

“It must be within this reincarnation era. No delay can be allowed! You all see that Universe Boat? Why was it created? It was for the purpose of dealing with that Sector Beast!”

The ancestral gods’ voices resonated within the minds of thousands of great beings from the various top groups.

Chapter 1402 - Incubation

Period

Sitting Mountain Guest sat in a corner in the distance. He was listening to the story of the three ancestral gods, but he couldn’t help shaking his head and sighing, “They’re mixing lies with the truth, and they’re trying to scare all those beings from Universe Ocean. They claimed that Universe Boat was built to defend against Sector Beasts. What a joke.”

Luo Feng and the thousands of great beings from all the powers in Universe Ocean were indeed terrified. Universe Boat had been created to defend against Sector Beasts?

“Of course, as for matured Sector Beasts…” said the young ancestral god in a clear voice. “Sector Beasts have two periods. The first period is an incubation period, and the second is a growth period. During the incubation period, Universe Ocean will breed one billion Sector Beasts.”

“What?”

“One billion Sector Beasts?”

“Isn’t there only one Sector Beast?”

All the great beings were shocked. They had surmised that there must be only one Sector Beast.

The young ancestral god continued, “Universe Ocean will breed one billion Sector Beasts, and they’ll fight and kill each other, eating each other. The process will decrease the overall number of existing Sector Beasts… Eating other Sector Beasts will make the remaining Sector Beasts stronger and stronger. Finally, when all the other Sector Beasts are dead, one Sector Beast will survive the whole process.”

Everyone held their breath. Luo Feng was terrified. One billion Sector Beasts fought each other, and only one was left. That Sector Beast would be a catastrophe.

“The Sector Beast who survives in the end represents destruction. It’s a real nightmare,” said the aged ancestral god. “If that Sector Beast enters this phase, it’ll be in the growth period. None of you from the three universe eras and two holy lands will be able to stop him now.”

“Once a Sector Beast enters the growth period, it can still devour everything, but it has a sector inside its body, which can breed creatures. Once it’s entered growth period, it can breed one powerful warrior after another.” The aged ancestral god sighed. “It’ll be truly invincible.”

“We must kill them during their incubation period. Though there are many Sector Beasts at incubation period, they’re comparatively weak, and they can’t breed powerful warriors as well. This is the best time to kill them,” said the aged ancestral god solemnly. “Go kill as many Sector Beasts as possible so that they don’t have a chance to eat others, then they won’t become stronger.”

“According to the great original mind, when this universe era ends, there’ll be only one Sector Beast left, and it’s the Sector Beast at growth period, the invincible Sector Beast.”

“We must kill them all before this universe era ends.”

Everyone turned silent.

Thoughts flooded their minds.

“However…” said double-face ancestral god. “Sector Beasts are still terrific during the incubation period. Universe masters can’t go. Otherwise, you’re just being suicidal. Only universe supreme masters can go.”

“Universe supreme masters?”

“What?”

“Universe masters can’t go?”

Everyone was dazed.

Almost all of the thousands of great beings who gathered here were universe masters, however, according to the three ancestral gods, universe masters were qualified to fight the Sector Beasts.

“Besides,” Double-Faced Ancestral God continued. “Even if you are a universe supreme master, you need a supreme true treasure armor and a soul type supreme true treasure to fight the Sector Beasts. Otherwise, you’re being suicidal. Of course, the best-case scenario is that you can get some machine-type valuables from the World of Jin. Then your power will be significantly improved. Remember, soul type supreme true treasures and supreme true treasure armors—you must have both. Otherwise, even universe supreme masters can’t go.”

Listening to the ancestral gods talk made all the powers panic, including the Hong Alliance. The universe masters conversed among themselves, and they were all scared.

“How powerful are these Sector Beasts? And they are this powerful during their ‘incubation period.’ Only true gods can go fight them, and even true gods have to have soul and armor supreme true treasures!”

“We’re not their match. We can’t do anything to help.”

“So terrifying! We didn’t plan to go in the first place, and since we’re not powerful enough, we won’t risk our lives.”

If even true gods needed soul and armor supreme true treasures to protect themselves, who would dare to go?

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader gave each other a look.

Someone had to go. If no one went, then it would be destined that when all the Sector Beasts destroyed each other and only one survived, that one would breed a great many powerful warriors. It would take all the warriors it had bred to roam Universe Ocean. Such an event would be truly apocalyptic for Universe Ocean. Even the holy lands would be annihilated, so even if they could transcend incarnations before this universe era ended, it would be of no use, as the holy lands would be destroyed anyway.

Someone had to stand up!

Suddenly, a thick voice said, “Where are the Sector Beasts?”

The young ancestral god glanced around and answered, “They reside in the core area of Tilted Peak Sector, the ‘Land of Darkness.’”

“It’s there!”

“It’s in the core area. None of us universe masters would dare to go there.”

“No wonder nobody is ever able to get out of the Land of Darkness. It’s where those Sector Beasts reside.”

Everyone memorized the name, “Land of Darkness.”

As for the Hong Alliance, Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader were stunned.

“Huge Axe!”

“Huge Axe died in Land of Darkness. It’s… It’s in the Land of Darkness! That’s where the Sector Beasts live!”

Luo Feng was terrified. He now understood why Huge Axe had died so quickly. After all, Huge Axe hadn’t had a supreme true treasure armor or a soul type supreme true treasure. He didn’t even have a palace type supreme true treasure. The only thing he had was his godly axe…

“Sector Beast!” Primal Chaos City Leader stood next to Luo Feng, his eyes gleaming with hostility and fury.

Huge Axe had been like a brother to him. He was enraged to realize that Huge Axe had been killed by Sector Beasts.

“It’s in the Land of Darkness,” said the aged ancestral god. “You have to go through the areas around the Land of Darkness if you want to transcend incarnations, which means that if you go transcend incarnations, you’ll be stopped and attacked. Besides, even if one of you can successfully transcend incarnations, your holy lands will be destroyed by Sector Beasts in the future anyway. If they stay alive, none of you can transcend incarnations. All of you will die.”

“They have to die,” the aged ancestral god continued. “Now, go. Go to the World of Jin, improve your power, and get as many true treasures and machine type true treasures as you can. The more powerful you become, the greater the chance that you can survive fighting Sector Beasts—or maybe even kill them. The more Sector Beasts you kill, the more you contribute to the original mind. For that, the original mind will bestow you with powerful valuables from the ancient civilization and ancient inheritances. You can get as many as you desire, as long as you kill enough Sector Beasts.”

The three ancestral gods looked at each other. They then went into the true treasure palace and flew away.

The three ancestral gods left. However, all the great beings from all the powers in Universe Ocean were in an uproar. The tidings brought by the three ancestral gods were just horrendous, and the news made them realize that there were truly horrifying beings living in Universe Ocean. One billion Sector Beasts? And only one of them could survive? Sector Beasts had sectors in their bodies that could breed powerful warriors?

“It’s not just a Sector Beast. It’s a world,” Luo Feng whispered. “Once it enters its growth period, it can breed many warriors, and those warriors could destroy everything. If it enters the later part of its growth period, it might take all of Universe Ocean to destroy them!”

Python River Army camp of the East Army in the World of Jin.

The earthling original body of Luo Feng was still sitting on the island.

Hua!

Luo Feng used his military point ring. The time and space in the stone hall changed, and a golden being appeared.

“Lord Milky Way,” the golden being said with a bow.

Luo Feng nodded. “I need information about Sector Beasts.”

“Sector Beasts?” The golden being thought for a moment. Then lots of characters appeared.

Luo Feng turned around. He had no doubt that the World of Jin was the remains of the ancient civilization. It did have the information about Sector Beasts. However, it was brief.

“Sector Beasts are very cruel and horrendous creatures. The birth of Sector Beasts represents destruction and annihilation! They have a powerful, dark sector in their bodies, where their bodies can keep breeding powerful warriors. The warriors produced are good at speed, good at defense, good at attacks, and highly skilled at self-destruction. And there are countless powerful warriors. The more powerful a Sector Beast is, the more powerful the warriors bred in its body will be… When a Sector Beast truly matures, it is a real apocalypse. Even the entire Jin Country at its prime couldn’t defend against a mature Sector Beast and the army it leads.

“It’s born for destruction. Every time one is born, it is either annihilated during the early period, or it destroys many powers, forcing the remaining powers to cooperate to destroy it. It’s the enemy of all powers. It has to be killed as soon as it’s discovered. Otherwise, it’ll exact an even larger price as time goes by.”

The information was brief. Dating back to when the World of Jin was first established, it had never come across a Sector Beast at its true prime, so it didn’t know much about Sector Beasts. There were only some legends about them.

Luo Feng was petrified. So terrifying!

The World of Jin had His Majesty the Godly King, and there were lots of great beings, countless eternal true gods, and true gods of void space—an army of countless true gods. It even had a machine type valuable that needed ten million true gods at the same time to operate it. Yet it still couldn’t defend itself against a mature Sector Beast?

It only documents Sector Beasts at their growth period, rather than the incubation period, thought Luo Feng. The growth period ranges from weak to mature. However, even during the weak period, we can’t resist them. We have to kill them all during their incubation period.

In the space outside the World of Jin, true treasure palaces were floating around. Whether they wanted to enter the World of Jin for transcending incarnations or to kill Sector Beasts for survival, they all needed to gain inheritance and valuables to strengthen themselves from the World of Jin.

Suddenly, the membrane of the miniature universe changed to white.

“The color has changed.”

“We can go in now.”

“Let’s go in.”

“Let’s go!”

All the true treasure palaces entered the miniature universe of the World of Jin from every direction.

Chapter 1403

“Go!” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “You all have the map of the World of Jin. You don’t have Luo Feng’s guidance this time. Hopefully, you can all pass the screening of the army.”

All the universe masters were respectful and flew out of Star Tower. The group of universe masters from the Hong Alliance then went into their true palaces and flew toward the World of Jin, through the universe membrane, and into the World of Jin. Some even flew there by themselves.

As time went by, those who had sent the great beings from the same power into the World of Jin all came back, yet Luo Feng’s Star Tower still floated in space.

“Luo Feng?” Primal Chaos City Leader turned around and looked at Luo Feng at his side.

“No need to rush.” Luo Feng nodded and smiled.

Hua!

A silver spaceship flew out of the World of Jin, and it flew toward Star Tower. It shrank as it approached Star Tower and flew inside.

“What is…?” Primal Chaos City Leader looked at Luo Feng, confused.

“I said I gained quite a lot in the World of Jin.” Luo Feng turned around. Golden Horned Beast, bathed in black light, walked in. “I’ve taken the prizes back.”

“Prizes?”

Primal Chaos City Leader looked pleased. He knew that Luo Feng had high enough authority to kill all universe masters that entered that World of Jin, and he was capable of doing that all at once. This was true authority. So naturally, getting abundant valuables from the World of Jin was a piece of cake for him. However, Primal Chaos City Leader wasn’t sure how many valuables Luo Feng had acquired.

“Ten machine-type valuables!” said Luo Feng. “And 100 true god level true treasures.”

Luo Feng didn’t seek to conceal it, as it wasn’t worth concealing. Compared to the huge amount of military credits he had, it was a drop in the ocean.

“That many?” Primal Chaos City Leader was dazed He knew that it had been a rewarding trip for Luo Feng, but this was outrageous. “True god level valuables are supreme true treasures in Universe Ocean. 100 supreme true treasures? This is incredible. That’s equivalent to all the supreme true treasures of all the powers of Universe Ocean combined!”

Luo Feng shook his head. “That was before. With all these great beings now entering the World of Jin, the valuables in Universe Ocean will greatly increase.”

“That’s right,” Primal Chaos City Leader said with a nod. “We can’t just give them away easily. We have rules in our race. Luo Feng, you got all these valuables, so you have every right to decide how to distribute them… Individuals must pay a price for them or make a huge contribution to get them.”

Luo Feng nodded. “I have my own plan as well. Certainly, they need to make contributions.”

They were at the highest status in the human race. It was up to them to decide the rules among the humans.

“It’s time to go back.” Luo Feng looked at the space outside, took control of Star Tower, and flew outside.

Ever since being sealed and bestowed with the “strength of a world” by the Godly King of Jin Country, other than the Godly King—who had never appeared—Luo Feng had the highest authority in the World of Jin. He could easily get anything he wanted in the World of Jin without any trouble. After all, he could suppress even an eternal true god with the strength of the World of Jin itself!

Luo Feng could now shift his focus back to Universe Ocean and the human race. However, he left his original body in the World of Jin. For one thing, he could stay there to get valuables anytime. Plus, he could only be MIA for a short period of time. If he vanished for too long, seniors such as the four generals in the World of Jin would be worried.

“Boat of Mausoleum is back! I can also take Wu Qi God out. After all, I’m invincible in the World of Jin, so there’s no need for Wu Qi God. Golden Horned Beast is also back because there are many dangers in Universe Ocean.”

The earthling original body was preparing in World of Jin. He was waiting for the great beings from Purple Moon Holy Land and the united force to come in, but that could take several months. He decided that the date of the massacre would be one year later!

The bug race territory of the original universe.

“Sector beasts? Could there truly be beings so terrifying?” Bug Empress sat on the throne and contemplated. “We haven’t fully prepared ourselves yet, so there’s no need to rush. Even if we rush there now, when we arrive outside the miniature universe of the World of Jin, the universe membrane may no longer be white. We must prepare ourselves. We’ll enter in the fourth era. We need to get as many valuables as we can.”

Actually, for all the powers in Universe Ocean, although many universe masters had entered the World of Jin, only a few true gods had entered. Each true god was the pillar of a race, and once a true god died, its miniature universe would crumble, and all the creatures inside would die. So when true gods thought about going to the World of Jin, they needed to exercise extra caution.

They also had their own desires, and the message from the original mind helped them make up their minds. Some entered the World of Jin. Some planned to wait and enter the World of Jin in the fourth era.

In the original universe, at the center of the human territory, in the primal secret region.

“This machine-type valuable is so powerful.” Primal Chaos City Leader stood there. His entire body was engulfed in golden light. There were three pairs of golden wings on his back, permeating powerful forces. It was indeed a wondrous-looking machine type valuable. It was also a top-tier machine type valuable Luo Feng obtained. “I can be two levels more powerful with this valuable.” He shook his head. “No wonder the original mind asked all the great beings to enter the World of Jin.”

“It has to,” said Luo Feng. “Without the threat of the Sector Beasts, we wouldn’t have even been allowed to find the World of Jin.”

“That’s right.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded.

While traveling back to the original universe from Universe Ocean, he tested the power of the machine-type valuable and was amazed. It might have been difficult for other human universe masters to acquire the valuables, but Primal Chaos City Leader had easily gotten a machine-type valuable, a soul-type supreme true treasure, a palace-type supreme true treasure, and a domain-type supreme true treasure from Luo Feng—all for free.

Primal Chaos City Leader knew that a storm was coming, so he didn’t reject them.

“Luo Feng, you have made as many contributions to the human race as Teacher Origin,” said Primal Chaos City Leader as he traveled back to the original universe.

“Teacher, you’ve been guarding the humans from within,” said Luo Feng, “guarding and managing our race. You make our race prosper. This is the most important contribution.”

When Primal Chaos City Leader was back in the original universe, he could only wield power at top-tier level six even with a machine-type valuable. But he was still thrilled about the valuables he had obtained.

“If Huge Axe had these valuables, he could have…” Primal Chaos City Leader sighed.

“Teacher—” But just as Luo Feng opened his mouth, he frowned.

Primal Chaos City Leader looked to the outside. “It’s the three ancestral gods.”

“Let’s go.”

Sou! Sou!

They both disappeared.

The three ancestral gods from the Ancestral God School stood above the endless Remote Ocean. Remote Ocean Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader appeared together.

“Why are you here, ancestral gods?” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

The aged ancestral god said, “Chaos, we’re here for Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“For me?” Luo Feng frowned.

“That’s right,” said the youngest of the ancestral gods. “According to the original mind, even though Milky Way Horde Leader is only a universe master, he’s the strongest great being in Universe Ocean.”

“The strongest great being in Universe Ocean?” Primal Chaos City Leader was shocked.

This was coming from the original mind, so it carried great weight.

“With great power comes great responsibility,” said the young ancestral god. “The danger is coming, so we need great beings to deal with it. When we were sharing the information about Sector Beasts with all the powers from Universe Ocean, we told them that universe masters weren’t able to fight Sector Beasts. However, we were only talking about universe masters in general. That doesn’t include you, Milky Way Horde Leader.”

Double-faced ancestral god added, “Milky Way Horde Leader is the strongest great being in Universe Ocean. If you can’t defeat Sector Beasts, nobody can.”

“Even though you are only a universe master, you have multiple bodies,” said the aged ancestral god. “Even if one of them dies, this endless Remote Ocean can quickly make one. The only things lost would be some valuables. This is the crucial moment that decides the fate of all creatures in Universe Ocean. Milky Way Horde Leader, you have multiple bodies, and you’re the strongest. You’re the most suitable one to fight Sector Beasts.”

“No need to flatter me.” Luo Feng smirked. “This is only temporary. Those universe supreme masters haven’t got machine type valuables. Once they acquire some, their power will surge, then I won’t be the strongest. As for the Sector Beasts?” He shook his head. “I’ll decide whether I’m going or not.”

“Killing Sector Beasts is a huge contribution,” said the aged ancestral god. “You will be able to ask the original mind to repay you. If you make enough contributions, even ‘Teacher Origin,’ suppressed by the original universe, could be released.”

“What?” yelled Primal Chaos City Leader.

“Teacher Origin? Released?” Luo Feng was thrilled as well.

“That’s right,” said the young ancestral god. “The more contributions you make, the more you can ask from the original universe. It’s more difficult to ask the original universe to release Teacher Origin than asking for some machine-type valuables. The original mind says that once Teacher Origin is released, he can immediately make a breakthrough and reach a new level. Presently, he won’t be released and will be destroyed when this universe era is over; however, since the Sector Beasts are a threat to all the races, so if you kill them, you can release Teacher Origin.”

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader gave each other a look.

“Milky Way Horde Leader,” said the young ancestral god, “if you have any doubts, you can come to the ancestral god secret region and ask us. We can talk to the original mind directly and give you an answer. We won’t stay here for long.”

Then the three ancestral gods smiled and flew away.

Chapter 1404

“This is a major crisis that could exterminate all races within the Universe Ocean and bring the human race to its end!” Primal Chaos City Leader told Luo Feng after watching the three ancestral gods disappear. “It may be important to help Teacher Origin regain his freedom, but compared to this major crisis, Teacher Origin’s situation seems mild. You must never, ever be influenced.”

“Also!” he added. “Now, you are merely a universe master, but your combat power is already quite powerful.” His brows furrowed as he frowned. “Once you become a true god, your power will definitely increase by a few more levels. By then, it will be much easier for you to deal with the Sector Beast, you will also be more confident! And now, the willpower of the primal universe origin is guiding you, encouraging you to go to war. Is it truly because… it earnestly wanted the Sector Beast dead? Or because it wanted to borrow the efforts of the Sector Beast to kill and destroy you? After all, other than Huge Axe, none of us really exchanged blows with a Sector Beast before. Known to be the existence that represents destruction, its attack methods should be absolutely terrorizing.

“Even if you have multiple bodies, if your soul is exterminated, then the various other bodies would perish altogether. If the willpower of the primal universe origin truly wants you to kill the Sector Beast, then you have no cause for worry. But if it intended to borrow aid from the Sector Beast to kill you, then you need to exercise extreme vigilance.

“This is where you can never let your guard down. After all, for countless years, even if the Sector Beast was truly unstoppable, at the very most, the primal universe would self-destruct and transform back into the origin; when the worst was over, it could still evolve back into the primal universe. The power of the primal universe… For anyone to truly be able to destroy it from the fundamental level, it is simply unheard of. If that was so, then why would it want to kill the Sector Beast? Is it for real? Or is everything merely part of a larger plot?”

Luo Feng nodded repeatedly as he listened. It was true. A Sector Beast represented destruction, but the primal universe represented life. A Sector Beast would take an extremely long time to be born, but the primal universe was continuously undergoing destruction and rebirth. In fact, it had never truly been destroyed before. This was because even a Sector Beast had never been truly able to destroy the primal universe.

“I understand,” said Luo Feng, nodding solemnly.

“After all, Teacher Origin is already suppressed,” Primal Chaos City Leader lamented. “If even you are being led to annihilation by the willpower of that origin, no matter how confident I am, I am still very much aware that in certain aspects, I will never be as good as you and Teacher Origin.”

Luo Feng did not rush his way to the Land of Darkness. After all, according to what the willpower of the origin had openly said, it had to be destroyed before this reincarnation era.

What a lengthy unit of time a reincarnation era was; after all, Luo Feng had not even lived past ten million years. Compared to a reincarnation era, that was such a short period that it carried little significance. This was why Luo Feng had more than ample time to prepare.

At the same time, Luo Feng was also preparing for the upcoming “Big Sweep.”

Another couple of days passed.

In the Milky Way Galaxy, within the Milky Way Holy Land, Remote Ocean Luo Feng sat in the nine-story tower floating before his eyes. Earlier, he had completed the comprehension of the third stage of Shi Wu Wings. But, following the increase in the level of secret technique, even Luo Feng—who was on Star Tower—could roughly comprehend how much more profound the secret techniques were at the higher levels. He would likely stay here to study and comprehend. Luo Feng also hoped that, through his understanding and his grasp of the various other secret techniques, he could also boost his progress on the godly body path.

On the godly body path, all comprehension of life genes had, in fact, something common to the secret techniques, the Rhinoceros Emperor Game, and several others. They all had some degree of connection to one another.

“Teacher?” Remote Ocean Luo Feng suddenly stopped what he was doing. With a flip of his hand, he retrieved a communication token.

“Luo Feng.” There was incoming news, and it was sent by Sitting Mountain Guest.

Immediately, Remote Ocean Luo Feng grew serious. Ever since the fourth most dangerous land had emerged, Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest seemed to have disappeared and did not seem bothered about any of these anymore.

“Teacher,” Luo Feng responded.

“Those three ancestral gods must have already looked you up,” Sitting Mountain Guest said.

Luo Feng was taken aback, but still, he replied, “Yes.”

“Humph. Other than you, there is no one else they can look for,” Sitting Mountain Guest replied. “But you have to bear this in mind. Do not hasten into going over to the Land of Darkness. After all, that place is the nest of the Sector Beasts. There will be many Sector Beasts inside… If you are ready and have decided on when to go over to deal with them, come look for me before you go.”

Luo Feng was filled with uncertainty. “Teacher, over to your place?”

“You just need to remember to do so!” Sitting Mountain Guest cut off the communication line curtly.

Luo Feng was dumbfounded. “What is going on?” He frowned as he tried to make sense of his doubts.

Previously, Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest was usually considered someone with an even temper. He had always been very concerned about Luo Feng, too. But since the emergence of the fourth most dangerous land, Sitting Mountain Guest had changed. Even in the midst of such massive events, he had not bothered looking for Luo Feng at all. This time around, Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest made a sudden call to Luo Feng, and although it was merely a curt conversation with a single instruction, Luo Feng could feel that Teacher was, most likely, still deeply concerned about him.

“There seem to be some changes in Teacher’s temperament…” Luo Feng whispered. “Could it be due to the World of Jin? The Nine Volume Manual! It is a set of lost knowledge of the Jin Dynasty that was not supposed to be imparted to outsiders. Star Tower is a true treasure that was most likely created by a true god. I had my suspicions earlier on that Teacher was related to the Jin Dynasty. Plus, Teacher has ordered me to look for him before I go ahead to deal with the Sector Beasts…”

Luo Feng’s brows furrowed as he sank deep into thought. He was no fool. Of course he could feel how mysterious Teacher was being, and he felt that the secret that Sitting Mountain Guest was keeping would be quite a big deal.

Luo Feng cast everything aside. The most important thing that he had to prepare for at the moment was… the Big Sweep!

In a blink of the eye, one year had passed. In the World of Jin, at the military camp of East Army, at the base camp of Python River Army, Luo Feng was in the hall of his stone house.

“Ring of military point…” Luo Feng wore the ring of the military point on his wrist. Activating his godly power, there was a sudden change in the surrounding time and space, and a figure bathed in golden light appeared out of nowhere.

“Lord Milky Way,” the figure bathed in golden light greeted.

“Show me simulations of all the law masters and true gods who passed the selections for the four major armies that I have investigated on so far,” Luo Feng commanded.

Within the year, he had carried out as many as six rounds of investigations to ensure that he was constantly kept abreast of the overall number and any information about the great beings from the united forces alliance and Purple Moon Holy Land that had entered the World of Jin.

“Yes,” the figure with golden light responded with reverence.

Hua!

Within the vast surroundings of the space originally only occupied by Luo Feng and the figure bathed in golden light. Numerous figures were rapidly appearing. These figures followed a very systematic way of queuing up. They all stood unmoving on the same spots, looking like fools while exuding their life auras. In the world of military arms, it was relatively easy to simulate life auras.

“Hmm…” Luo Feng looked around while carefully sensing with his godly power.

The basic appearances of certain universe masters remained the same. After all, the natives of the World of Jin had not seen them before, so whether or not their appearances were different did not matter much to them. This was why, by just searching with his naked eye, he could already discover a few targets.

“Keep these 61 and clear away the rest,” Luo Feng ordered while speedily using his godly power to lock down 61 universe masters amidst the crowd.

“Yes,” the figure bathed in golden light replied in reverence.

Suddenly, a large number of warrior figures started vanishing one by one, leaving behind 61 warriors who were law masters.

“Show me the list that recorded the time they entered the army,” Luo Feng ordered.

He had just given his order when, instantly, above these 61 law masters, their accurate times of entry into the respective armies appeared in order of precedence.

“These 61 law masters arrived in batches.” Luo Feng looked and nodded his head in silence. “In total, they were divided into five batches, and the final batch entered two months ago. So, from two months ago until now, there isn’t a single one that entered the army…”

Based on what he had investigated over the course of the past year, during the first month of the third era, he had only set the average number of soldiers joining the army at twelve. From the second to eighth month, an outbreak was considered to have occurred. The number of soldiers joining the army was at its peak.

With the passage of time, at the later stage, the number was obviously reduced. Then, in the final two months, there was no longer anyone joining the army.

“Hmm. I suppose the numbers of universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land and the united forces alliance are almost reaching their limits,” Luo Feng said to himself. “Throughout the year, Purple Moon Holy Land had a total of 110 universe masters joining the army. On the other hand, the united forces camp sent 166 law masters. This can be considered one batch. In total, Purple Moon Holy Land must have a total of 205 warriors still alive! And the united forces camp must have a total of 238!”

Luo Feng nodded as he thought it over.

“I suppose the majority of universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land have charged their way in, and it is likewise for the united forces alliance, where as many as half of its forces may have barged their way here.”

It was undeniable that the two groups of powers attached great importance to this. Or, rather, every universe master harbored an intense yearning. If the number that was eliminated during the selections was also taken into consideration, then the number of universe master who came in was evidently much, much higher.

“Judging from the number of warriors, it’s quite obvious that the number being disqualified during the selections is not big.” Luo Feng nodded discreetly. “Seems like, during selections for the universe masters from my Universe Ocean, their death rates were much lower than those of the natives of the World of Jin.”

Luo Feng speculated that the various powerful groups would act in batches. Every batch would most likely bring along some treasures, and there might even be supreme true treasures among these treasures.

After all, some of the universe masters from the various groups who entered the World of Jin during the first and second eras had carried out exchanges with their races’ supreme true treasures at military points to ensure that they had maximized their benefits. It went without saying that many of the supreme true treasures within Universe Ocean were treasures at the level of true gods of void space. Even for those that at true god level, some of these were very unique.

By seizing the World of Jin, he would be able to exchange quite a fair number of treasures of a true god level.

“It’s time for action.” Luo Feng took in a deep breath as a glimmer of murderous intent flashed momentarily in his eyes. “The four generals.”

Luo Feng established direct contact with the four generals of the four major armies through the world of military arms. Merely a short moment later, four simulated figures appeared not far from Luo Feng.

“Milky Way.”

“Milky Way, why have you summoned us? That’s quite rare.”

Harmonious Snow and the other three generals had already acknowledged Luo Feng as the heir of Godly King, as they were aware that Luo Feng could make use of the strength of the World of Jin. They were also aware that His Majesty the Godly King greatly favored Luo Feng, so the moment he summoned them, they would naturally turn up without further ado.

“I want to kill a batch of law masters,” Luo Feng said in a straightforward manner.

The four generals were flustered.

“Kill a batch?”

“Kill how many? How many millions?”

The four generals were very worried, as they were reluctant to kill too many warriors so brutally. Such an event would bring about chaos.

Luo Feng laughed. “Fret not. Not even 500 of them.”

“Not more than five hundred!” The four generals could now laugh along with him.

Such an insignificant number of law masters! It would be equivalent to a normal fight within a random tribe, where the number of law masters who died was unknown. Fewer than 500—this was not substantial enough to trouble them into rendering their service.

“The reason why I am requesting that you four generals lend me a helping hand is because all these warriors, close to 500 of them in total, are scattered among the four armies,” Luo Feng explained. “My plan is to attack and kill them all in one move, and… my requirement is that these must be soul attacks. They are scattered all over the four military camps. Killing them all in one go is very difficult, so I can only consider it if I enlist the help of all four generals. If you all could execute your miniature universes together to enshroud the entire military camp, I would be able to eliminate all those souls directly in one go, and none shall survive.”

Chapter 1405 - You Deserve

to Die

Soul annihilation occurred at the same time, and none of them could survive. Luo Feng was indeed demanding, but this was the first time that he asked the generals for help. It was like the blink of an eye to the generals, so they wouldn’t say no.

“This is really a very easy task.”

“I don’t anticipate any problem with me finishing that.”

“Milky Way, please tell me all the life auras of those nearly 500 soldiers, and that is all that I need.”

The generals didn’t care at all. The World of Jin was enormous. 500 law masters were like a drop of water in the ocean.

Luo Feng nodded. He turned his head around and looked at the golden being beside him. “I have inspected those soldiers many times, and I have already located all those law master soldiers. Please simulate all of them. Based on the distribution of them in the four armies, send them to the four generals.

“Yes, lord Milky Way,” said the golden being.

The military point world in the military point rings used by the four generals showed figures of soldiers. They all had different auras, but they were all law masters.

“Fewer than 500 in total, but I have 201,” said Harmonious Snow from the East Army, smiling.

“I only have 60 in my North Army.”

The generals were conversing casually. Based on the locations, the East Army territory had the most great beings from Universe Ocean.

“443 in total.” Luo Feng looked at the generals. “Generals, please perform your miniature universe techniques at the same time. Once all of you locate the targets, notify me immediately. I have a communications token. I’ll send a message to all of you at once. When you get my message, you can perform soul annihilation on all the targets at the same time..”

“Okay.” The generals nodded. “Are you saying that we can start to locate them now?”

“Yes, now.”

Luo Feng nodded.

At the East Army camp, Harmonious Snow stood above the camp, overlooking the army.

“Up!”

With one thought, a dimming and transparent membrane was formed around the army. The giant universe membrane seemed borderless, enveloping the entire army camp. None of the soldiers realized what was happening except for the true gods of void space commanders.

“It’s a miniature universe.”

“It’s our general.”

One true god of void space after another in the entire East Army was baffled. They weren’t afraid, actually. Eternal true gods were able to form miniature universes with a single thought, and they were able to wield enormous power inside those miniature universes. However, with just the force permeating from the universe itself, it was very difficult to kill a true god of void space.

“Be quiet,” the cold voice echoed in the ears of all the commanders. “Everything will go back to normal instantly.”

“Yes, general.” All the true gods of void space were respectful.

None of the law master soldiers or true god soldiers knew what was happening.

“I’ve found the targets,” Harmonious Snow notified Luo Feng. Soon after, the generals sent messages to Luo Feng.

“I’ve found the targets in the West Army.”

“I’ve found the targets in the North Army.”

“I’ve found the targets in the South Army.”

On the quiet island, the water in the lake kept splashing the shore. After all, the lake was larger than all the oceans on Earth.

At the center of the island, Luo Feng sat on top of the stone house. There was a desk beside him. On the desk were a wine cup and a token. Luo Feng poured himself a cup of wine and held it. Then he sent the message: “Do it!”

“Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it!”

The generals received the message at the same time.

Those four generals who were performing miniature universes wouldn’t have any mercy for those law master soldiers. They were already at an extraordinary level, so they had been through countless killings.

“Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill!”

All four generals condensed into a streak of godly power one after another, and those traces of godly power landed on the targeted soldiers while attacking them. If they were required to kill 100 million law masters or more, even the four generals were unable to do it at the same time. However, some of them were only required to kill around 50 of them, while the maximum that they were required to kill was only barely over 200. It was like a walk in the park for them.

In the East Army camp.

“The order of Father God is that we must get more machine-type inheritances. Then the automaton race will become stronger.”

“But we need to adapt first. We need to get some military credits.”

The two great beings of automaton race were transmitting their voices with expectations in their eyes. Suddenly, their bodies stiffened.

Hong! Hong!

They fell down.

On a gray planet in a remote territory of the original universe, the holy land “Ancestral Star” of the Pattern Shell race.

“Ancestor.”

“Ancestor.”

“Ancestor.”

Undying fighters, sector lords, and six universe knights were groveling, listening to their ancestor talk.

“All of you sitting here represent the core of my Pattern Shell race, and you are the hope of our race. I have found the mysterious inheritance from a faraway and dangerous place. With this mysterious inheritance, our race will become much stronger. I’ll leave it to you first.” The voice came from a seated elder being. It had black wrinkles everywhere on its body two firm antennae on its forehead. “Consider this carefully.”

He immediately separated part of his godly power and gave it to the elites in his race.

This was a powerful race in the original universe, but it was nothing compared to pinnacle races. He immediately passed the precious inheritance to the great beings within the race in case the top being died and weakened the entire race.

Just as he was sharing his knowledge, Pattern Shell Ancestor suddenly looked terrified. Then he went silent, and his life force quickly withered away.

The core great beings who were mesmerized in the midst of the inheritance all opened their eyes. However, they could tell that the life force of their ancestor was no more, and the valuables their ancestor had given them became ownerless.

“Ancestor!”

The entire Pattern Shell race was in a panic. Without their ancestor, their status would be quickly reduced, and they wouldn’t be qualified to occupy such an enormous territory anymore. However, in their opinion, their ancestor was quite powerful and had multiple bodies; how could he die so easily?

In a space in the original universe.

A strange beast with three beautiful heads and a hoarse voice floated in space, and the area around it rippled.

“They dare to defy me? We’ve joined the united forces alliance. Those weak races are nothing! How dare they defy me? Disciple, go and destroy that Hua Tong race!”

Another strange beast with three heads was groveling. “Yes, teacher…” It raised its head and saw that the great being floating in space had instantly lost its life force. Its heads all fell down.

“Teacher, teacher…!”

Some of the universe masters died silently; some died in front of others; some of their bodies disappeared; some of their bodies fell. Some were the leaders of their races, and some of them were the seniors of races.

In the World of Jin, Luo Feng held the wine cup, sipping. He saw scenes flashing in front of him. Some races were yelling as they were being slaughtered. Others were moving.

One universe master after another died. Some of the races only had one universe master, and with their universe master dead, their fate would become very miserable. They wouldn’t be able to stay in the territories where they resided for long, because they didn’t have that power to maintain the territory anymore. The fate facing them was grim.

Luo Feng then saw other scenes. In the human territory, trillions of life forms were crying. Mothers were carrying children. However, they were immediately annihilated.

Many planets in the human territory were conquered, and the humans living on those planets fled.

“Too many… This is how it works among races.” Luo Feng muttered, holding his cup of wine. “When I was still weak, I saw that spies from other races would just self-destruct and destroy entire planets, killing all the humans after they were found. The four pinnacle races treated the outer-domain territories like warzones. They slaughtered all the races living in outer-domain territories. Fight! Survival!”

Luo Feng would do whatever it took, no matter how cruel, to survive.

This was already the ideal outcome. He had killed all those universe masters at once, rendering the entire united forces alliance weaker than ever, forcing those races to move away after finding that their leaders were all dead. They would have been the ones best suited to save their races.

If they kept fighting the humans, the humans would become stronger. And when the humans were able to trump them all, they would start slaughtering all the races instead of just killing some universe masters. Of course, this result was destined to render those races pathetic. They needed to run, and they might be attacked by their enemies.

“Milky Way, all the targets have died.”

“Milky Way, all the targets have died. Some of them didn’t have souls, but they were killed anyway.”

“Milky Way, no one survived.”

Luo Feng received the message from all the generals. He trembled. Finally, finally… He didn’t appear happy about the ending he’d been waiting so long for. There was a trace of cruelty glinting in his eyes. He then poured himself another cup of wine, swirled it, and poured the wine out… He looked at the wine and muttered, “You deserve to die for the humans!”

Chapter 1406 - Screech

In the original universe, in the sky above the endless Remote Ocean, in the primal secret region—which was the center of the human territory—water pillars condensed to form a being. It was Luo Feng, wearing a fiery cape. Another being stood in the space beside Luo Feng. It was Primal Chaos City Leader.

“How did it go?” Primal City Leader asked.

“All 443 universe masters in the army,” said Luo Feng, “are dead.”

Primal City Leader’s eyes gleamed, and he yelled, “Fantastic!”

In the virtual world of Dream Ancestor’s secret region in the demon race territory.

There was a dimension in the virtual world, and a vast mountain was surrounded by clouds and mist. A giant silver snake swirled and flowed, living inside the mountain. Aside from that giant silver snake, many universe masters from the demon race lived in the endless mountain. There were also some universe masters from the subsidiary races of the demon race living alongside them. Although more than half of the universe masters had entered the World of Jin, all of them had left a body or a godly power avatar in the original universe. With those bodies and godly power avatars, they could easily connect to the virtual world, and through the virtual world, they were able to communicate with Dream Demon Ancestor anytime they wanted.

“No need to worry, the tasks are not…”

Three universe masters from the demon race alliance had gathered together, and a flying beast with gray bones was talking. The other two universe masters were not from the demon race. Suddenly, that strange flying beast looked terrified. Then it disappeared from the virtual world.

“Why did it leave the virtual world without finishing its story?” A colorful and breathtaking universe master from another race whispered. He then turned his head to the other side abruptly. Originally, there had been two universe masters listening to the universe master from the demon race, but now, the other universe master who had been listening had also disappeared.

“Why did they both disappear at the same time?”

The universe master realized that something was wrong. If only one of them had disappeared, it could have been explained by something urgent, which the individual couldn’t explain immediately. However, two of them vanished at once without saying anything, so something strange must have happened.

“Demon Ancestor!” the universe master yelled.

Hua!

A giant silver snake showed up out of the mist. It had its head raised and looked at the universe master as it said, “Meng Ta Li, why are you calling me?”

“Demon Ancestor, just now, Meng Wan Master and another universe master were talking. Meng Wan Master was sharing some information about the World of Jin. I have never entered it, so I was curious and was listening to him talk also. But Meng Wan Master and another universe master suddenly both disappeared from the virtual world without any signs. And they disappeared at the same time.” It was clear by Meng Ta Li’s eyes that he was worried.

“Disappeared at the same time? Without any signs?” Dream Demon Ancestor bellowed as it realized something was wrong.

Hong!

Dream Demon Ancestor immediately started to inspect the entire mountain. However, after the inspection, Dream Demon Ancestor felt a horrifying coldness envelop its entire body. It was coldness that could freeze its soul. Not since Dream Demon Ancestor had first become a universe supreme master had it been this frightened. There was no comparison; even when it had lost the battle between the two teams, it hadn’t been so scared.

“Disappeared… All of them disappeared.” Dream Demon Ancestor concluded.

All the universe masters from the demon race alliance had their consciousnesses connected to this mountain. But now, they were all gone. All of them! Only Dream Demon Ancestor and other five universe masters remained—none of whom had gone to the World of Jin.

Hong!

A giant being appeared on the mountain. It was Shock Demon Ancestor.

“Dream Demon.” Shock Demon Ancestor looked down and yelled, “All the universe masters under me who entered the World of Jin have disappeared!”

“Same here!” Dream Demon Ancestor couldn’t have been more anxious.

Shock Demon Ancestor was anxious as well. “All the universe masters who went to the World of Jin disappeared, and they all disappeared suddenly, without leaving a message! Those who didn’t go to the World of Jin are safe.”

Incredible! The united forces alliance was at a disadvantage; so many universe masters had gone to the World of Jin, and most universe masters from the demon race alliance had entered the World of Jin. If all of them died, it would be a huge blow to the entire demon race alliance. Such an event would be a real nightmare.

“Check. Let’s check,” Shock Demon Ancestor said.

Dream Demon Ancestor immediately sent messages to the universe knights through the virtual world and asked them to check their teachers. After all, universe knights usually carried the keepsakes given by their teachers.

“Demon Ancestor, the keepsake I have has no owner now. My teacher died!”

“Demon Ancestor, my teacher died!”

“Demon Ancestor!”

Even before Dream Demon Ancestor had given an order, some universe knights had begun to contact him. They were losing their minds, realizing that all those universe masters had died. Without exception, all the universe masters who had disappeared from the virtual world had died.

Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor felt as if great hammers were smashing their souls. They were upset, terrified, and incredulous. They looked at each other with eyes that were no longer peaceful. Instead, they were filled with trepidation.

“How? How come…?” Dream Demon Ancestor had lost its mind. “How…?” Shock Demon Ancestor was also dazed.

It was a huge blow—a shock like never before. Previously, the demon race had definitely been a pinnacle race in the original universe. They had originally boasted more than 20 universe masters from the demon race, as well as many universe masters of their subsidiary races. However, they now had only four universe masters from the demon race and five universe masters from their subsidiary races! They would have been considered prosperous before. But now…

“I, I—!” Shock Demon Ancestor raised his head and yelled. “Howl!”

It was filled with anger and agony. The demon race had been building itself up for such a long time. Yet it lost all those universe masters at once.

“We shouldn’t have let them enter the World of Jin! We shouldn’t have!”

Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor weren’t the only ones who had gone mad. Father God from the automaton race, Bug Empress, Devil Ancestor from the prison race, Holy Master from the crystal race, all the races in the Northern Territory Alliance, and the powers who had joined the united forces alliance—all of them, whether large or small, were trapped in the same nightmare. A nightmare they had never before experienced.

Some of the powers had had ten universe masters before. Now, they only had one. Some had lost all of their universe masters. It was indeed a nightmare!

“The same thing happened to the bug race alliance? Only six universe masters are left in the bug race alliance?”

“In the Northern Territory Alliance, more than 90 universe masters are dead? Even Star River Master?”

“The same?”

“The same for the crystal race and the prison race?”

As the races in the united forces alliance contacted each other, they found that all the powers had suffered the same fate.

Dream Demon Ancestor and Shock Demon Ancestor felt a bit better now. In their opinion, all their universe masters who had entered the World of Jin had died instantly, so there was no way that other powers had managed to stay safe. As they expected, many other powers had suffered from the same event. They were all from the united forces alliance, so it was very easy for them to communicate with each other internally.

And then… they began to contact other powers in Universe Ocean.

“No.”

“You mean lots of universe masters died? Nothing happened to us, the skeleton race. All our universe masters in the World of Jin are safe. None of them died after entering the World of Jin…”

“Of course not. The World of Jin is a fantastic world, and it’s beyond our imagination. It’s full of opportunities and valuables. Almost all the great beings in our race went in, and all those who entered the army are still alive. They’ll soon start the tasks from the army, though…”

“Haha! Many universe masters from East Emperor Holy Land entered the World of Jin. Only a few of them died, and they died during selection for the army. What happened to you, prison race?”

As news spread, the united forces alliance was stunned. They had all suffered from a large loss, so they had assumed that it was universal. If it had, indeed, been universal, and all the powers from Universe Ocean had suffered comparable losses, then comparatively, their status wouldn’t be affected; the comparative power of their alliance would remain unchanged. They had been expecting the exact same thing to happen to all the other powers. However, those other powers in Universe Ocean were all safe.

No… To be more exact, they found one other power who had suffered the same fate.

“The same thing happened to you? Purple Moon Holy Land suffered a catastrophic attack in the World of Jin. All of a sudden, all the universe masters from my holy land who had entered the World of Jin died.”

“Ah? Your Purple Moon Holy Land, too? The same happened to the races in our united forces alliance—demon race, bug race, automaton race, prison race, and crystal race. We are in despair. Everyone who entered the World of Jin died.”

“Everyone died.”

“No one survived.”

Purple Moon Holy Land was close with the united forces alliance. After contacting others, they found that all the powers were still intact other than Purple Moon Holy Land and the united forces alliance. They all realized that there must be a secret behind this.

If the World of Jin had decided to annihilate all the outsiders, why had it let all the other powers go? Why did the World of Jin only attack the great beings from the united forces alliance? After all, all the universe masters they had let in the army were fairly scattered. How had the World of Jin located them?

“Nothing happened to the humans!”

“None of the universe masters from the human alliance died!”

Purple Moon Holy Land and the united forces alliance quickly got the news, and they were infuriated. None of the supreme beings were fools; Purple Moon Holy Land and the united forces alliance had a common enemy, and it was human alliance! The humans stood to benefit the most from the united forces alliance and Purple Moon Holy Land being weakened! Plus, Purple Moon Holy Land had unsuccessfully tried to kill Luo Feng in the World of Jin before. Why would a true god of void space let Luo Feng go easily?

Everything pointed to the humans.

“Only the powers from Universe Ocean can accurately locate our universe masters among all those soldiers.”

“It must have been the humans who schemed against us.”

Chapter 1407 - Hatred Deep

within the Soul

“Get lost!” Purple Moon Ancestor’s face seemed to be clouded by a layer of frost as he bellowed furiously at the crowd beneath him.

The group of universe masters beneath him were all on their knees, shuddering in fear and overwhelmed by uneasiness. Purple Moon Alliance’s loss this time around was massive. As many as half the entire force of universe masters had entered the World of Jin, and all had perished. The number of universe masters left within the Purple Moon Holy Land still alive was down to less than 100. Even if the universe-masters-to-be all achieved breakthroughs successively, the number of universe masters would barely break 100. But, speaking of universe-masters-to-be, there truly was not a single one.

“Ancestor, we… Are we still going to the World of Jin?” Of all the numerous universe masters who were still on their knees beneath him, none had left, but there were still some who had to ask him this question, as they were filled with great dissatisfaction.

Purple Moon Ancestor looked down at them. His expression was increasingly awful, and he was silent for a long while before saying, “The newly promoted universe masters will go to the World of Jin! And you all shall not reveal your identities as members of the Purple Moon Holy Land!”

The newly promoted universe masters, feeling somewhat delighted at the decision, responded, “Understood.”

They had never set foot out of Purple Moon Holy Land, but this time, because a great number of universe masters had lost their lives, they, as universe-masters-to-be, had been able to achieve breakthroughs. So long as they could change their appearances and not take up symbolic forms—like “three heads and eight arms” or “double faces with four arms”—the other groups of powers within Universe Ocean would definitely not be able to guess their true identities.

Once they had infiltrated the World of Jin, if great beings from the other powerful groups within Universe Ocean saw them, they would probably think of them as natives of the World of Jin.

“Take your leave.” Purple Moon Ancestor’s voice was getting more and more hostile.

Hua!

A group of universe masters finally disappeared and left. Only Purple Moon Ancestor was left in the hall. As arrogant as he was, he had been forced to tell them not to reveal their identities as members of the Purple Moon Holy Land. He must have felt extremely ashamed and insulted.

“Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng!” Purple Moon Ancestor gritted his teeth.

He was furious. He was unwilling. But so what? This was an act of destructive revenge, and he was aware that, other than the humans, he simply could not think of any other top power that would do such a thing!

“I may not be able to do anything to you, but with the birth of the Sector Beast this time around, I don’t think you will not be able to make it out alive.” Purple Moon Ancestor gritted his teeth. Every time the thought of a Sector Beast came to mind, he grew more agitated because a Sector Beast was a major threat to him.

Purple Moon Ancestor tilted his head back and roared.

“Ah! Ah! Ah…!”

How long had it been? Just how long had it been since he had felt so helpless?

Yet no matter how angry Purple Moon Ancestor was, there was nothing he could do. There was no way he could kill Luo Feng. Even if he wanted to make use of the World of Jin to kill him, the moment he failed, all the universe masters under him command that had been brought into the World of Jin would perish. Without all those universe masters, he was unable to do anything to Luo Feng.

If Purple Moon Ancestor was merely furious and unwilling, then the various races from the united forces alliance from the primal universe were filled with endless enmity and hatred!

“Sister!”

“Sister!”

An extraordinarily beautiful young girl, with butterfly wings that were partially transparent, stood amidst the void space. She wore a pained expression as though she was suffering, and the eyes beneath her delicate brows seemed to contain great agony and sadness. Various scenes were replaying in her mind as she recalled growing up with her sister. Her sister had been guiding and protecting her all this while. Her sister was an extraordinary talent and had become a noble universe master of the bug clan. Under her sister’s help and guidance, after many long years, she had finally become a universe knight.

Those years had given rise to a relationship between the sisters that transcended all else—including her life. Her sister was the most important person in her life.

The extraordinarily beautiful young girl raised her head and let out a piercing scream. “No!”

Then her face became contorted. Fiery hatred blazed in her eyes as she said in a hoarse voice laden with endless hatred, “Humans! Humans, I want you all dead! Dead! Dead!”

A faint blue light suddenly appeared around the space surrounding the beautiful girl, enveloping her. In an instant, she was being transported away.

Three minutes later, in the human territory, the towering bug clan mother nest hung suspended in space. Around it, many bugs soldiers appeared.

A wave of anger was transmitted from the mother nest.

“Go out there and kill. Kill all the humans.”

Various bizarre noises were heard as numerous bug soldiers roared and yelled while speeding across the vast void space.

“Oh!”

“Roar!”

They were charging toward the faraway life planet while the mother nest had already vanished with a single teleportation. It teleported like a flash of lightning to reach as far as 10,000 light years away.

“Go and kill, kill all the humans!”

The bug clan mother nest was still giving out the order. Great batches of bugs soldiers continued to roar as they charged out.

This bug clan mother nest was teleporting like crazy. With every 10,000 light years span it teleported across, it released a large batch of bug soldiers. They were largely from the universe level. A small number were from the domain level, and a few were sector lords! There was not a single undying being.

“Kill all the humans! My children, go out there and kill!”

The mother nest moved erratically while releasing countless bugs warriors. To a mother queen who was a universe knight herself, creating billions of universe level bug soldiers was nothing difficult. All of them were at the universe level and more than enough to massacre countless planets.

At the sixth minute after the bug clan’s mother queen had started the rampage in the human territory, the hideous mother nest came to a halt and remained unmoving in the middle of space. Everything quietened down, and around it, the numerous bug soldiers suspended in the air also stopped.

Hua!

A lone figure walked over from afar.

A piercing, hysterical voice was heard from the bug clan mother nest. “Milky Way Horde Leader!”

Luo Feng walked over leisurely, shaking his head. He whispered with a sigh, “Why go to such lengths?”

He pointed into the distance.

Peng!

Far away, a part of void space suddenly shrank, then expanded. Right away, that part of space was annihilated. The lofty mother nest and the countless bug warriors previously occupying that part of space were all reduced to nothingness.

Luo Feng shook his head and sighed. The bug soldiers’ universe knight mother queen had entered a region that was within Ganwu Universe. Once Luo Feng had received information transmitted over from the virtual universe, he had immediately made use of God Country Transportation and a couple of teleportations to rush over. As that bug clan mother nest was constantly teleporting and changing direction, Luo Feng only managed to catch up with it at the sixth minute after the start of the rampage upon entering the human territory.

“Just one revenge. A universe knight annihilated. Is this what we call hatred?” Luo Feng sighed gently. Then, with a single stride, he vanished into the shadows of the starry sky.

All was silent, and everything was shrouded in darkness. It was as though nothing had happened.

Milky Way Holy Land.

Luo Feng returned to a cluster of undulating palaces.

“Horde Leader.” The three universe knights at the forefront bowed and greeted with unparalleled reverence. Out of the three, a tall and sturdy universe knight with green tentacles said, “We have teleported repeatedly and killed all the bugs warriors we found in various places who were in the midst of their rampage. Many of these bug soldiers did not even make it in time to descend on the planet before we killed them. It’s just that… there were still 369 life planets where all the humans were killed. Of these 369, there were 102 where the very planets themselves were completely shattered.” Luo Feng nodded.

In his heart, he could not help sighing. The total population of humans on over 300 life planets most likely numbered in the billions. Yet, in a moment as fleeting as the blink of the eye, all of them were dead. From the perspective of the entire human race, ordinary humans were able to multiply in numbers generation after generation. Overall, even if many were killed, this was nothing much at all. But they were, after all, still life forms that were full of vitality. Among them, there might have been potential talents that could have risen to be the cream of the crop—perhaps even people like Rong Jun, or even an existence like Luo Feng could have been born, although that was highly unlikely. But now, all of these people were merely lifeless corpses.

“Revenge for much too many,” Luo Feng said to himself. “Those who bear hatred for my human race… There are simply too many of them.”

In recent months, the various groups of top powers within the united forces alliance had lost a great many universe masters. Some of them had been from the pinnacle races, but most were from the common pool of races at large. The more powerful races would normally have, at most, one or two universe masters, and these universe masters would be the leaders of their races. To the universe knights of those races, these universe masters were like their parents and mentors!

Some could no longer contain the hatred in their hearts; right away, they had charged forth to take their revenge for the loss of their mentors. There were also others who had decided to put up with the burning hatred. They bore it as best they could, for the sake of their race.

“Fighting the humans? How can we fight them? Our Northern Territory Alliance is already so weak, and our Alliance Master has long abandoned us. Now, the various races within our alliance are so weak. After adding up all the universe masters… we are still not a match for that one single Milky Way Horde Leader. You still want to fight?”

On an ordinary, desolate planet, various godly-powered avatars had gathered for a discussion. They did not dare to come in their original bodies, as they were afraid that they would be killed by the humans all at once.

“This great hatred—how can be we not take revenge?”

“The hatred is certainly great. Two of my brothers were killed. They had been my company for an eternity, and together, we led our race in establishing our footing in this vast universe. Now, they are both dead! They were my most important family member. My most valued companions. And how I wish I could charge in to where the humans are and massacre them all…! But what would be the outcome? If we were to enter important grounds like the primal secret region or Milky Way Holy Land, then not only will there be nothing we can kill, but we will only go there to die! If all I can do is kill ordinary humans, after a couple of decades, another generation will emerge once again. They will not be affected at all. If we go now… it will only serve the purpose of venting our moment of hatred. We need to live, and we must live for our race!”

“But—but I am not willing to! I am overflowing with resentment!”

“You are resentful—just like the Qu Nong race, who had all their universe masters wiped out. They are all rushing to escape for dear lives now. They needed to ensure that their race could survive, but their resentment was far greater! What could they have possibly done? Back when we were still strong, the humans were already exerting their influence over us. What about now? The various minor races were already so afraid that they had left the united forces alliance. How many universe masters left behind would dare to persevere in their desire to fight the humans? For those supreme masters who were lone travelers, the moment they saw how the situation could be played to their disadvantage, one after the other, they left our united forces alliance. As for the few universe masters who were resolute enough to stay behind… the moment the humans sent over an army large enough, the impact of that willpower was strong enough to cast down a great number of them. How many could stand strong in a fight against the humans?”

The godly-powered avatars of the surviving universe masters of the Northern Territory Alliance all fell silent.

How miserable and dreary their situation had become! Various minor races had left the united forces alliance because they simply could not go through another devastating loss. Universe masters who were lone travelers had also left because, to them, the future was bleak and hopeless.

Who remained? The bug clan, the demons, and the automaton race. Yet who would dare to fight the humans again? Who would dare?

“Even if our hatred was larger than life, what more could we do?”

“I don’t know how many other races bear hatred for the humans, but it is fated… that within the entire primal universe, the humans will be the race that truly dominates. No one will be able to stand in their path. No one at all!”

Chapter 1408 - Human Era

Nobody could stop the humans from dominating the original universe.

The human race was destined to reach its peak, and all the other races—the bug race, the automaton race, the demon race, the prison race, the crystal race, and all the other powers—would have to revere the humans from now on. It was widely acknowledged, and nobody would deny it!

“Ah!” A huge black wolf with three heads showed up in the space. It was looking at the planet in front of it, where many life forms from the demon race lived.

Hua!

A ripple swept across the entire planet, and any demons who were hunting, fornicating, or sleeping all disappeared and were transported into a world ring.

“It is the last life planet that I am responsible for.”

Black light surrounded the giant black wolf. He then disappeared after god country transportation.

After a while, he showed up in a space nearby. A giant flying beast giving out endless fire floated there, emanating endless power, causing the stars in the distance to tremble.

“Knight, I’m responsible for a large star sector. And I have already brought here all the life forms of the demon race living on those life planets,” said the black wolf emperor. It then took out the world ring on its claw and threw it toward the flying beast wreathed in fire.

“Okay,” answered the flying beast wreathed in fire. “Go to the Demon Ancestor secret region.”

“Yes,” answered the giant black wolf respectfully, and it left.

Soon, many undying emperors arrived and gave their world rings to that flying beast wreathed in fire. After a long time…

“I’m responsible for all the creatures in this star sector.” The flying beast wreathed in fire sighed. “Migration. The great migration! I can’t believe we demon race also need to migrate… This area breeds us demons, yet we have to leave now.”

Hua!

It performed god country transportation and disappeared.

The entire demon race was migrating—everyone from the two demon ancestors to the ordinary demons on all those inhabited planets. They were all taken away. Demons bred fast, so if one-tenth of them were taken away, it would only take a short while before they had the same population again. After all, they were all from the same race, so they had to take away as many as possible.

“We’ll have to leave and go to our new home now,” said the giant, sawtoothed strange beast. “Dream Tea, have you checked that large star sector?”

“Those other races all ran away when they saw me,” said the giant, silver snake. “But do we really need to stay in that remote area?”

“We should be happy if the humans don’t try to hunt us down in the remote area,” said the sawtoothed strange beast.

“If they don’t even leave us the last piece of territory, we’ll keep fighting them,” the silver snake yelled. “We won’t let them off the hook that easily!”

Top-tier level six was the maximum power allowed in the original universe. If a lone universe supreme master went mad, it would be a nightmare to any pinnacle race.

“We have two universe supreme masters, which is why we can still live in the original universe,” said the sawtoothed strange beast. “I believe the humans will stop pushing us. After all, we’ve given up the most precious core territory. Let’s go.” The beast looked forlorn. “Let’s go to our new home.”

The silver snake took a look back. Then They both disappeared and left the territory.

The demon race was migrating. So were the bug race, the automaton race, the prison race, and the crystal race. There were six pinnacle races in the original universe, and they were pinnacle races because they could occupy precious areas in the original universe. Comparatively, the territories the crystal race and the prison race occupied were inferior, though they were still much better than other random races.

The fact that the five pinnacle races had started the migration themselves meant that they had admitted defeat and didn’t want to fight the humans anymore. As for some of the races that didn’t even have a universe supreme master, like the Northern Territory Alliance, they had started the process of migration and retreat a long time ago. The power of a race determined the territory the race could occupy. Most of the races in the original universe were wise enough to realize that.

At the apex of Thunder Island in the virtual universe, thrones surrounded the round table. Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader sat shoulder to shoulder with each other. As was to be expected, their thrones were larger, while the others were standard sizes. The status was self-explanatory and evident to all.

Luo Feng had killed a true god by himself before! And not just one true god! Even the original mind had admitted that Luo Feng was the most powerful great being in Universe Ocean! And Luo Feng had caused the deaths of those hundreds of universe masters. Everything that had happened had made Luo Feng who he was today.

“Everyone.” Primal Chaos City Leader looked around, beaming. “The demon race, the automaton race, the crystal race, the prison race, and the bug race, they have all left their territories. As for those idle races, none dare to enter their original territories.”

“Those five races are smart to do such a thing.” Ice Mountain Master, who normally was apathetic, was also smiling. “If they still don’t know what to do, we’ll march toward them.”

“The united forces alliance nowadays…” Void Gold Master smiled. “Even if they unite, without lone universe supreme masters, they’ll be easily crushed.”

All the human universe masters were conversing. They knew about what had happened a long time ago, and they were all exhilarated when they heard the news! They were very calm now, but they were still full of joy.

“Many universe masters of theirs died this time, so they hold lots of grudges against us humans,” said Darkness Master. “There are still some undying fighters and universe knights coming here to avenge them. Even though it is utterly insignificant, it proves how greatly they resent us. I think we need to get rid of the threats!”

“There are universe supreme masters in other pinnacle races. If we push it too far, those universe supreme masters will fight us till the end.”

They continued debating, but they reached a consensus very soon.

“We will occupy the territories that previously belonged to the five races: the bug race, the demon race, the automaton race, the prison race, and the crystal race. Let us, the humans, prosper in as many places as possible. There are also other powerful races, and some of them are subsidiaries of the pinnacle races while some of them are alliances. They are in recess now, so they aren’t qualified to occupy the original territories. Occupy them.”

“Take those territories.” The voice of Primal Chaos City Leader was filled with passion. “Let us, the humans, grow and prosper everywhere!”

The humans started to act. They moved group after group of humans—originally living in the universe secret region lands or in god countries—to the new territories. It was indeed a mass migration. They were moved to territories that had belonged to the five pinnacle races like the demon race and the bug race, and also the territories that used to belong to the powerful races.

Although none of the powerful races had huge territories, all the territories they had combined were much larger than those of the five pinnacle races, which could be inferred based on the number of universe masters. Those five pinnacle races had around 100 universe masters in total, yet those powerful races combined had hundreds of universe masters.

The territories of the powerful races were remote, so there was a smaller chance for talents to be born. However, the territories were enormous. The overall chances of elites and talents being born in the human race would surge.

The powers in Universe Ocean all paid attention to what was happening in the original universe. When they learned that a large number of universe masters from the united forces alliance died at the same time, all the powers from Universe Ocean were shocked and terrified. They all speculated that the humans were responsible.

If the humans could do that to the united forces alliance and Purple Moon Holy Land, they could do that to other powers in Universe Ocean as well!

“The demon race, the automaton race, and other powers all retreated. Their power was greatly weakened. They either migrated or narrowed their territories… As for the humans, they are quickly expanding and taking over lots of territories. Half the precious territories in the original universe belong to humans now, and the other half belongs to subsidiary races of humans, idle races, and the other five races.

“The humans will be absolutely invincible in the original universe.”

“This has never happened before, not in any universe era I know of. Even the Divine Eye clan isn’t at such a dominant place as the humans.”

“Fortunately, the humans aren’t hostile toward the powers in Universe Ocean.”

“Fortunately…”

“We can’t mess with the humans.”

All the powers in Universe Ocean were intimidated.

“The original universe will enter a new era. The human era.”

The original universe had indeed entered the human era. Nobody dared to go to the Land of Darkness at the moment, so Universe Ocean entered a peaceful period. The focus of the powerful groups was the World of Jin. There, they worked hard trying to gain inheritances and valuables.

Meanwhile, the humans were also breeding and prospering.

In a vast star region where many peculiar creatures lived on a certain planet, Luo Feng appeared wearing a white cape. He walked across a plain.

“Father God.”

“Father God.”

Six beings appeared in the distance. Luo Feng looked at them with a smiled. None of those beings were tall; they were like children engulfed in flickering fire. These children had been created when endless Remote Ocean was performing the technique “Creation.” After many trials, many creatures had been created.

The humans owned a large amount of territory now, and Luo Feng had chosen a star sector formerly owned by a powerful group. He had arranged it as the dwelling place for the life forms he created. These life forms were innately close to Luo Feng, and they were willing to die for him without any doubts.

The six children surrounded Luo Feng, cheerful.

“Father God.”

“Father God, how long are we going to stay here?”

Luo Feng smiled. “A couple of years.” He genuinely loved these creatures in his heart. After all, they were technically his children. They reminded him of Red Child from Earth, so he had created six children that could control fire. He had created them without much thought, but they were living beings, after all.

“Oh! Oh! Oh!” cheered all six children.

Luo Feng smiled and stroked the heads of the children. Although the creatures he created were powerful—these six children could reach universe level quickly—they couldn’t interbreed like the races created by Nine Remoteness Master.

Luo Feng turned around. Xu Xin, who was also in a white cape, showed up.

“Mother God!” The six children ran toward Xu Xin.

Chapter 1409 - Billions of Eras

(Part 1)

All the six children surrounded Xu Xin, cheering, and Xu Xin was also happily playing with them.

Luo Feng smiled and watched. With his help, his wife had gotten out of the eternal body and transferred her soul to another body. And in a long period of time, Xu Xin had become undying. However, after becoming undying, Xu Xin didn’t want to practice anymore. In fact, with the valuables provided by Luo Feng, Xu Xin could easily become a universe knight if she put forth some effort. She was not, however, into practicing.

“I knew you were coming to this star sector, and you’re indeed here,” Xu Xin said. She then walked toward Luo Feng. The children knew that their Father God and Mother God were talking, so they left them alone.

Luo Feng nodded. “I created them, so they’re technically my children. I’m here to check on them.”

“You have a lot of children. Flesh and blood type, energy type, and plant type,” said Xu Xin jokingly.

“Unfortunately,” Luo Feng said with a sigh, “they can’t breed.”

“You created those creatures randomly, and they can reach universe level easily,” said Xu Xin. “If you actually put in some effort, those creatures could become sector lords easily… If they could breed, how could the other races hope to live? The territories would all be occupied by the creatures you created.”

Luo Feng nodded. He knew that the creatures he could easily create couldn’t reproduce.

“Huh?” A thought struck Luo Feng.

Xu Xin noticed Luo Feng’s facial expression and could tell that Luo Feng had found inspiration. He appeared looked pleased.

“What happened?” asked Xu Xin.

“I have an idea! I have an idea!” Luo Feng was exhilarated.

“What idea?” asked Xu Xin.

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “Both Nine Remoteness Master and I have the gift of Creation, so both of us are able to create one life after another. Although the creatures we create are powerful, none of them are able to procreate. It is much different to grant life forms the ability to procreate. All this time, my godly body has stopped improving and can’t progress. I haven’t even known how to improve myself! Now, I have an idea. Life forms! Reproduction!”

Luo Feng was thrilled. He continued, “It’s very difficult for me to create life forms that can propagate. I need to have a more thorough understanding of life structures… Once I do that, it’ll help me to better improve my godly body.”

Even in the ancient civilization, there were only a few who had become true gods after having their life gene level reach 90,000 times. Although there were methods documented in Duan Dong River about the godly power path, Luo Feng’s life gene level had already reached 60,000 times, so most of the methods were useless, and the helpful ones couldn’t be implemented.

Luo Feng was kind of stuck. He could only study the life structure pictures of true gods. But now, he had found a different way. He would study the life structure pictures and create life forms at the same time. Following two methods at the same time could help him greatly improve himself.

Reaching 90,000 times on the godly power path was more difficult than becoming a true god of void space, and it would take a long time. Billions of eras were only the blink of an eye.

From the third era since the World of Jin appeared, the great beings from the united forces alliance and Purple Moon Holy Land were slaughtered in the World of Jin. All the powers in Universe Ocean were intimidated, and the united forces alliance disintegrated automatically. They all migrated and retreated. Purple Moon Holy Land also kept a low profile and ceased messing with the humans. The humans immediately expanded, occupying half of the original universe. It was the start of a human boom.

The sixth era, the First True Master from the Divine Eye clan obtained a machine-type valuable, and after the news spread, all the powers in Universe Ocean were jealous. They all worked harder in the World of Jin, seeking to acquire machine type valuables.

Those who obtained machine type valuables were all from the special army, and there were no exceptions. This prerequisite alone was already a hurdle to many powers. Otherwise, those great beings certainly could have exchanged their valuables for military credits, and together with the military credits they earned themselves, they could have gotten machine type valuables already.

In the seventh era, Luo Feng met the First True Master in Universe Ocean. The First True Master challenged him because he knew from the three ancestral gods that Luo Feng was deemed the most powerful great being in Universe Ocean, but the First True Master couldn’t believe it.

Nobody watched the fight. Luo Feng fought the First True Master, who had been the most powerful great being in Universe Ocean before the rise of Luo Feng (except Teacher Origin, who was suppressed). Now that he had obtained a burning power technique and a machine-type valuable, he was mighty.

Nobody knew the result of that fight, but they all knew that the battle had happened. After that fight, Divine Eye clan immediately became an ally of the humans, and the First True Master became friends with Luo Feng.

The outer world had no idea what had happened, but Luo Feng knew very clearly that the fight had resulted in a tie in the end! When it came to attacking power, the First True Master of the Divine Eye clan, “Divine Eye True Master,” was at an advantage. However, when it came to godly bodies, Luo Feng had the advantage. And besides, Luo Feng was better at close combat and defense, so it was indeed a nail-biter, but it had ended in a tie.

Of course, if they had fought long enough, Luo Feng could have won by burning his godly body, but the First True Master surely could have left by riding his supreme true treasure. It was indeed a tie, and there was no winner in that fight. Besides, the Sector Beasts were a threat to all the great beings, so Luo Feng treated the fight against the First True Master as a trial. They both understood that they were indispensable in dealing with Sector Beasts.

I can easily kill true gods, thought Luo Feng, but when facing beings like First True Master, who have godly power burning techniques and machine-type valuables, it’s a hard time for me. Even if I perform “one thought void space,” I can only suppress him instead of defeating him.

He hadn’t used his Shi Wu Wings during that fight. “One thought void space” was used to bind enemies. Divine Eye True Master was great at direct attacks, so even if he was bound, he would still be better than Luo Feng. Divine Eye True Master didn’t need to dodge, even if he were bound.

In the 12th era, Bei Chi Star Master obtained a machine-type valuable.

In the time following by that era, one true god after another from Universe Ocean entered the World of Jin, and they all worked hard. Some of them died, but some were very impressive. Gradually, they obtained machine-type valuables. Under the harsh training of the military, the great beings from Universe Ocean started to manifest their true potential. The potential and comprehension of the great beings from Universe Ocean were apparently higher.

In the 91st era, Luo Feng was exhilarated to learn that his teacher True Yan Knight had become a universe master. He was the third human universe master born after Luo Feng obtaining the inheritance of Duan Dong River.

From the 91st era to the 1,003rd era, some universe masters were born in the human race, but no universe supreme masters were born. In the 1,003rd era, the second universe supreme master was born: Peng Gong True God! Even among the human great beings, it was surprising that Peng Gong had become a true god!

Under the will of the original mind, the three ancestral gods did not take care to keep the secret that Luo Feng was the most powerful great being in Universe Ocean. As a result, the word began to spread. No one knew the result of the fight between the First True Master and Luo Feng, but the First True Master did not deny that Luo Feng was the strongest great being, which verified the original mind’s claim.

All the races expected Luo Feng to be the second true god born—or at least the brother of Primal Chaos City Leader, “Darkness Master.” Instead, it was Peng Gong Master, who had kept a low profile the whole time.

In the 3,402nd era, after studying life structure pictures for a long time, Luo Feng finally created a life form that could procreate. The creatures looked like humans, but they were weak. Although they were weaker than the earthlings, they could at least propagate.

Luo Feng had finally made a breakthrough. Three eras after that, his godly body was improved from 60,000 times to 69,000 times. Then it reached 72,000 times.

In the 13,000th era, a new universe master was born from the earthlings: Hong!

Hong, who had always been modest, finally became a universe master after 10,000 eras with the guidance of the ancient civilization. He was a peerless genius, but he was constantly outshone by Luo Feng. If not for Luo Feng, he would have certainly been one of the top-tier beings in the human race. There were 32 universe masters in the human race now.

From then on, there were two universe masters among the earthlings, and there were nine universe knights, including Thunder God.

In the 39,000th era, Hu Yan Bo was admitted into the virtual universe company, and he became a universe knight with the guidance of the ancient civilization.

In fact, those who were able to become emperors and officials without the ancient civilization’s guidance were all highly gifted. Loners like Hu Yan Bo, who had no one to guide them, created their techniques by themselves, so they were talents. Now that they had guidance from great beings and the ancient civilization, it was commonplace for them to make breakthroughs, and many universe knights were born in the human race in this period of time.

Many great beings who were stuck at pinnacle emperors also became universe knights with the help of the ancient civilization. Numerous great beings had achieved breakthroughs over the past tens of thousands of eras, and there were already over 50,000 universe knights in the human race.

In the 39,800th era, Luo Feng got the news from Babata revealing where Devil Hand Emperor Suo Luo Pu was. This revelation stunned Luo Feng. Devil Hand Emperor had killed Hu Yan Bo, and Luo Feng had killed him after he had become stronger—or so he had thought. He hadn’t expected to learn that Devil Hand Emperor was still alive.

However, Hu Yan Bo who had become a universe knight had gone on to hunt Suo Luo Pu down. Devil Hand Master was exposed because the humans were too powerful. The humans themselves occupied half the core territory of the original universe, and the subsidiaries of Luo Feng—as in the other races in the Hong Alliance —occupied most of the leftover territories. The influence of the human race was invisible but indeed enveloped the entire original universe.

Although Suo Luo Pu hid in a remote location, many great beings knew him, and a human great being who had gone on an adventure found him.

Devil Hand Master should have been long dead. Why was he still alive? That news caught Luo Feng’s attention.

However, Hu Yan Bo went after Suo Luo Pu, and after some twists, Hu Yan Bo killed Suo Luo Pu after a hunt that lasted three eras

Chapter 1410 - The Trillionth

Era (Part II)

In the 53,000th era, Luo Feng’s son, Luo Hai, finally became a universe knight. He was the third universe knight of the Luo Family.

Although Luo Feng had two sons, Luo Ping had always lacked interest and focus in various aspects during cultivation, relying on external help like treasures to barely become an undying fighter. As for Luo Hai, he may have given his best, but he had not encountered many setbacks along the way. After all, his father, Luo Feng, had unknowingly given him a lot of help, even if he had not purposely intended to. There were always some great beings who would try hard to please or flatter Luo Feng. Thus, Luo Hai had not been forced to struggle through enough setbacks; even if he was an impressive talent, he would never be as dazzling as Luo Feng and Hong.

“Even with the help from various parties, cultivating to become a universe knight might be his peak,” commented Luo Feng. “If he ever wanted to become a universe master, it would take a miracle.”

An extraordinary talent was truly not that easy to come by.

For a long time, the population of the pulse of the Luo Family grew at an extremely shocking rate. Naturally, the birth of talents was also plentiful. Even before Luo Hai, two others had already become universe knights.

However, out of these numerous so-called “talents,” none caught Luo Feng’s eyes. By his reckoning, even in ideal conditions, reaching the level of a universe knight would be their peak. If such conditions were not provided, and without the ancient inheritance, these first three to become universe knights—including his son Luo Hai—would stop at the level of undying fighters.

Finally…

In the 91,000th era, an extraordinary talent finally emerged within the pulse of the Luo family named Luo Zhen Ni! He was a truly stunning talent who originally had not enjoyed any status in the Luo Family. He was merely a young fellow who lived on an “exiled star,” yet he had quickly risen. Then, finally, he managed to attract Luo Feng’s attraction.

Luo Feng briefly conducted a test and was delighted with the result.

The total area of Luo Feng’s territory and some other deserted grounds on the universe was comparable to a Ganwu Universe. Within this vast land, there had finally been the birth of a talent who met his expectations. Luo Feng took this Luo Zhen Ni as his disciple right away.

This was Luo Feng’s first formal disciple. Many other universe masters who were higher-ups from the human race, even Primal Chaos City Leader himself, had been trying to persuade Luo Feng to take in his own disciples. He was, after all, a number-one master in Universe Ocean. Many groups of powers within the human race were very eager to send the talents from their own camps to Luo Feng, but Luo Feng was never eager to become a teacher. Besides, the birth of an extraordinary talent was not easy to come by. This was why Luo Feng had let the matter drag on endlessly.

This time, Luo Feng was formally ready to take in a disciple. The only thing was, Luo Feng had very stringent requirements for his disciples, which was not secondary to what Primal Chaos City Leader expected of his disciples.

Even for someone as close to him as his own son, Luo Hai, Luo Feng made no exceptions. This went to show how demanding and stringent he was.

In the 91,200th era, Luo Zhen Ni finally became a universe knight. Luo Feng was especially strict with his principles, which delayed the entire progress. Otherwise, Luo Zhen Ni would have achieved his breakthrough long ago.

In the 330,000th era, within the human race in the territory of the primal prison clan, another extraordinary human talent, “Fire Dome,” was born. In the wild, he arose. Incomparably dazzling, he attracted many human universe masters to vie for him as their disciple. When Luo Feng finally stepped onto the scene, these two extraordinary talents unquestionably became his disciples.

When Luo Feng showed up, the other universe masters no longer put up any objection. Even Fire Dome was very excited to have Luo Feng as his Teacher.

In fact, on the peak where Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Peng Gong True God stood, there was no need for them to take in disciples to establish their footing and power, given their status. Luo Feng’s decision to take in disciples was because he had taken a fancy for Fire Dome’s talent. He felt that this Fire Dome was a good candidate as heir to the legacy of his senior, Jie Fanzi, which was not easy to come by.

Fire Dome was also extremely skilled in Water Law and Fire Law. The set of lost knowledge that Jie Fanzi had created, in Luo Feng’s perspective, was superior. If he personally imparted Jie Fanzi’s knowledge, too—further combined with Fire Dome’s innate talent— Fire Dome was bound for great achievements.

The 1,910,000th century, the human race saw the birth of its third true god—Darkness True God!

Darkness Master had finally achieved his breakthrough to become a true god. This was something that the great beings of the human race had expected. The various groups of top powers within Universe Ocean had expected this, too. It was just that they were filled with doubts as to why Luo Feng had yet to achieve his breakthrough!

In the 9,200,000th era, Luo Feng created another race. This race was capable of multiplying in number and could likewise be considered as part of the human race (Luo Feng had created a human-like, flesh-and-blood life form intentionally. After all, he was himself, a human, which had naturally led him to study a race that bore a similarity to the human race.) When this race reached maturity, it could reach star traveler level right away, which was considered highly outstanding.

To be able to create life forms that could reproduce—this was a breakthrough that brought tremendous progress to Luo Feng’s life structure diagram. Thereafter, he underwent multiple breakthroughs. His life gene level skyrocketed from 72,000 times to 79,000 times, then went up to break through to 83,000 times before finally reaching a bottleneck of 85,000 times, where it came to a halt.

Time passed.

Previously, there were undying godly souls who remained at the status quo for a long period of time, and the total accumulated to a large number. With the help of the inheritance of the ancient civilization, many became universe knights. Simultaneously, many universe knights also broke through to become universe masters. This enabled the number of human universe masters to continuously increase. However, the number of true gods increased at a greatly reduced rate.

In the 100 millionth era, the human race saw the birth of the fourth true god: Deserted Mirror True God.

In the 700 millionth era, the human race saw the birth of the fifth true god: Qing Dong True God. In the millionth era after Qing Dong Master broke through to become a true god, Luo Feng’s second disciple, Fire Dome’ unexpectedly achieved a breakthrough to become the sixth true god of the human era.

What a miracle! Fire Dome had gone under Luo Feng’s tutelage after Luo Zhen Ni, who was the first disciple.

Luo Zhen Ni was the first to become a universe master, with Fire Dome following closely to become a universe master, too. No one would have expected Fire Dome to become a true god within a time span close to 700 million eras after becoming a universe master!

This sparked a heated discussion within Universe Ocean. The topic was all about how Luo Feng’s disciple had already become a true god, yet he, the teacher, had yet to become one.

In the twelfth era, the human race saw the birth of the seventh true god: Ice Mountain True God.

Ice Mountain Master had finally become a true god.

The nineteenth era, the human race saw the birth of the eighth true god: Long Yan True God.

Long Yan Master was an aged universe master who had previously been a follower of Teacher Origin. He, too, had finally achieved a breakthrough. In fact, the group of aged universe masters like him had all become universe masters without the help of the inheritance of the ancient civilization. Now, with all kinds of available help, an 80 to 90 percent success rate of becoming a true god was simply a matter of course.

On the contrary, for their descendants—especially those who had depended on the guidance of the ancient civilization to become universe masters—they were certainly a notch lower in terms of potential.

The 10 billionth era was considered to be the breakout period for the humans. The accumulation over endlessly long years had an unprecedented explosion during this century.

This caused the number of human universe masters to soar up to 239, while the number of universe supreme masters soared up to 21!

The skyrocketing within these 10 billion eras was mainly because there was such a rich accumulation to work with in the first place, thus allowing the breakout within such a short period of time.

The humans were not the only ones who had entered a breakout period. The other groups within the primal universe and groups within Universe Ocean were also experiencing breakouts. After all, the inheritance of the ancient civilization was indeed a great help to them. It was just that they did not receive an inheritance as great as the humans, and the information they had was not as detailed. Furthermore, they did not own as many treasures as compared to the humans. After all, Luo Feng was only second to the Godly King in the World of Jin. Many of the treasures he had acquired from there were all sent back to his race.

Even if this was so, for the demons, the number of universe masters soared to 52, and the number of true gods reached four! (Originally, there had only been two.)

For the bug clan, the number of universe masters also reached 32, and the number of true gods reached two. For the automaton race, the number of universe masters reached 39, and the number of true gods was three. For the prison clan, the number of universe masters reached 78, and the number of true gods was four. For the crystal clan, the number of universe masters reached 49, and the number of true gods was five.

As for the Hong Alliance, those races, which had originally been vassal races of the humans, underwent another round of great expansion. Although the humans had intentionally kept them under suppression and deliberately slowed down the development of the vassal races, these vassal races of the humans already had a few hundred universe masters to start with. At that moment, the number of universe masters from these vassal races reached 1,220 while the number of true gods was seven.

In fact, the different races within the Hong Alliance could only have 1,220 universe masters in the first place. This was due to the suppression by the humans and the selections by the World of Jin.

Thanks to the ancient civilization, in the first hundred eras, the whole of Universe Ocean underwent an explosive growth spurt.

The first and second reincarnation eras were no longer able to give rise to true gods, but there was a large batch of universe masters rising within them. These newly appointed universe masters naturally followed in the stead of their preceding fellow universe masters as they charged toward the World of Jin with murderous intentions.

Luo Feng held supreme power in the World of Jin, so although there were past instances when a handful of races had provoked and challenged the humans’ authority due to matters related to territory, Luo Feng was quick to mete out severe punishment within the World of Jin, so no one dared to provoke or challenge the human authority.

In the following years, the development of all the powerful groups in Universe Ocean slowed down noticeably. After all, the accumulation from the previous eras had completely erupted in the past 10 billion eras.

As with the humans, great beings were able to emerge, all thanks to the births of talents. Luckily, the human territory was large enough to accommodate these numerous births.

The first 10 billion eras was a period of explosive growth. The population of the entire Universe Ocean grew tremendously. But as the trillionth era approached, the rate of growth slowed down.

In the 1.6 trillionth era, the human race saw the birth of the 23rd true god: Hong.

Hong, an extraordinary figure from the pulse of Earth, was only secondary to Luo Feng. He had finally crossed over to join the ranks of the true gods. This also raised great concern from the various groups of powers within Universe Ocean. What they were concerned about was the fact that Hong’s brother, Luo Feng—who had the greatest influence over the entire human race and was a Number One Master within Universe Ocean—was still merely a universe master. Why?

“The race that I created, once it matures, can reach star level right away. My life gene level had already reached 89,999 times! Just a little bit more… This is really a fraction of a difference!”

Luo Feng knew that this was an extremely tough step to take.

One could not underestimate the subtle difference between 89,999 times and 90,000 times. In terms of skills, there appeared to be little difference. Yet there was a fundamental leap in the level of life genes. Leading up to the trillionth era, Luo Feng was stuck at this level and just could not seem to achieve a breakthrough. And within the trillionth era, the three shots made by Luo Feng made it evidently clear that he wielded a terrifying power that placed him at the absolute superior position in Universe Ocean.

It was enough to instill fear and send shudders through the various powerful groups. As a universe master, he was already top of the pile in Universe Ocean! If he became a true god, how incredible would that be?

It was the 1,630 billionth era. Within Universe Ocean, two true gods finally joined forces. And for the first time, they set off for the nest of the Sector Beast: the “Land of Darkness”!

Chapter 1411 - Eight Great

Beings Gathered

There were two true gods headed to the nest where all the Sector Beasts lived, known as the Land of Darkness. They were Hong, who had become a true god 30 billion eras prior, and Eye Devil God from the first universe era in Universe Ocean. Compared to other true gods from Universe Ocean, they were only average true gods. However, they had two things in common. They both had machine-type valuables! And they both had strong willpower!

They both traveled toward the Land of Darkness in true god spaceships, yet they were attacked by Sector Beasts at the periphery of Land of Darkness.

The chaos air filled Universe Ocean. Within it, other than the four Lands of Extremis, there were other dangerous palaces. Some of the places were residences created by true gods, such as Jue He Ocean.

Jue He Ocean was originally called “Golden Sand Ocean.” Although true gods weren’t afraid of it, they didn’t dare to enter recklessly. Jue He True God’s power, however, had been greatly improved since entering the World of Jin, and he had roamed Golden Sand Ocean. He had even placed a palace true treasure at the center of Golden Sand Ocean, making it into his place of residence.

“Be careful! Teacher is inviting the other seven supreme beings in Universe Ocean. Pay close attention.” A universe master who had a pair of copper-colored horns on his head was yelling at the universe knights under him.

“Yes.”

“Yes.” All the universe knights were respectful.

The universe master with the copper-colored horns nodded. “Go prepare.”

The universe knights scattered, transmitting their voices excitedly.

Jue He True God was a lone, low-key true god from the second universe era. He had been practicing for a long time, and special life forms were his vassals. He immediately allocated some universe knights from his miniature universe, as he was going to greet seven other great supreme beings.

“The other supreme beings are arriving. I can’t believe we can also see the other supreme beings in Universe Ocean.”

“With our teacher, there are eight supreme beings.”

“They’re coming.”

All the universe knights were looking forward to it.

After a long time, two streaks of light arrived.

“Haha! Divine Eye, Bei Chi. I can’t believe you arrived here together.”

A giant, barefoot god with fiery skin walked out of his palace. He trod across the space with his great feet, taking huge steps, and strange, fiery flowers blossomed under his feet with each step he took. There were dozens of small, golden horns on his head, and there was a golden horn on his head. All his eyes gleamed with green light.

“Aren’t they still here?”

“You guys arrived here first. The others might be coming.” Jue He greeted them by themselves. The three conversed as they walked into the palace.

After Divine Eye True Master and Bei Chi Star Master arrived, Skeleton Master arrived as well, followed by Nine-Headed Demon Master.

Hong!

Three beings arrived like three streaks of light. Skeleton Master, Divine Eye True Master, Bei Chi Star Master, and Nine-Headed Devil Master arrived first. Jue He True God greeted them all one by one. Three streaks of light flew in from a distance and became three beings. One was a man wearing a golden cape. He had a faint smile on his face, and his eyes were gleaming with a dim, golden light.

There was also a middle-aged man looked wicked and eerie. He looked pale with black engravings on his face.

In the middle was a man in a white cape who appeared quite ordinary. He glanced around, and there was unimaginable magical power contained in his eyes. Jue He True God and Divine Eye True Master both missed a heartbeat just looking him in the eyes.

One of them was Primal Chaos City Leader, the person in charge of the first power in Universe Ocean! One was Nine Remoteness True Master, representing the second power in the original universe, the Ancestral God School, and he was undying. The third one was acknowledged as the strongest great being in Universe Ocean, and also had the highest authority in the World of Jin: Milky Way Horde Leader!

“Chaos, Nine Remoteness, Milky Way, welcome.”

The other five greeted them.

The power dynamics in Universe Ocean completely changed. The ancient civilization had greatly improved the chance of true gods being born, and only the original universe could breed true gods! Now, the most powerful era in Universe Ocean was the original universe era—stronger than the first and the second universe eras combined.

As for the two holy lands? True gods were required to fight Sector Beasts, yet there were no powerful true gods in the two holy lands, so nobody cared about them.

The humans had the most true gods, followed by the Ancestral God School, followed by the Space Beast Alliance. This was the internal ranking in the original universe.

Most of those who became true gods during the past trillion eras had all been universe masters previously. The demon race, the bug race, and the automaton races had lost over 200 universe masters in the World of Jin, all of whom had been the true elites who had become universe masters without help from the ancient civilization. After they were killed, the demon race, the bug race, and the others only had weak universe masters left, so there were only a few true gods.

As for the Ancestral God School and the Space Beast Alliance, they hadn’t lost anyone, so many true gods were born in their races! Actually, there were many other races in the Hong Alliance, so naturally, there would be many true gods in that group. However, after the united forces alliance disintegrated, the biggest threat to the human race was posed by those other races in the Hong Alliance! After all, there were hundreds of universe masters in other races, but the humans only had 20. The power gap was too large, so the humans needed to constrain them.

For the past trillion eras, the humans had been trying to suppress the other races in the Hong Alliance. If they didn’t, the humans wouldn’t be able to control them any longer. The humans kept suppressing the other races so that the other races had to respect humans.

The supreme beings were those who truly mattered when fighting Sector Beasts. After all, there were only a limited number of true gods in Universe Ocean, and without quantity, quality mattered! In the past trillion eras, eight supreme beings had emerged from the World of Jin, and they were widely recognized as the eight most powerful beings in Universe Ocean.

The first one was Divine Eye True Master from the first universe era.

The second one was the supreme master from the skeleton race. The skeleton race and the Divine Eye clan had been fighting for a long time. Skeleton Master was highly rewarded in the World of Jin. His power exploded, and he now rivaled Divine Eye True Master.

The third one was Bei Chi Star Master. Previously, he had conducted public teaching in the black-striped stone pillars. He was venerated and also a robust great being.

These were the three supreme beings from the first universe era. The fourth and the fifth ones were Jue He True God and Nine-Headed Devil Master. They were the strongest in the second era, and both were special life forms. Special life forms were revered in Universe Ocean, such as Sitting Mountain Guest. He didn’t participate in any battles, so even though everyone knew he was mighty, no one knew the true extent of his power, so he wasn’t among the eight supreme beings.

The sixth one was Nine Remoteness True Master, who had endless godly power, making all the other great beings jealous.

The seventh one was Primal Chaos City Leader. He had already been a shining star back when he was still a universe master. After becoming a true god, he had reached an incredible level through his hard work and the detailed inheritance from the ancient civilization obtained by his disciple, Luo Feng.

The eighth one was Milky Way Horde Leader. Nobody in Universe Ocean knew for certain the extent of the power of Luo Feng. He was only a universe master, but he was ranked as the strongest in Universe Ocean. Other true gods all knew godly power burning techniques and had machine-type valuables, yet they were still not Luo Feng’s match.

A trillion eras prior, Divine Eye True Master had still been able to fight Luo Feng. Now, all seven great beings admitted that Luo Feng could easily defeat them all. Over the past trillion eras, Luo Feng hadn’t become a true god, but he had become much stronger!

At the center of Golden Sand Ocean, inside the sparkling palace and around the crystal round table, were eight thrones. Fruit and wine from all three universe eras sat on the round table.

Luo Feng and the other seven sat down.

“Illusion Heart True God of you humans and Eye Devil God from the first universe era went to Land of Darkness,” said Jue He True God with fiery skin. “Milky Way, Chaos, you must know a lot about the Land of Darkness now.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “Yes. Both Hong and Eye Devil God are true gods who are exceptional at illusions, and they have strong willpower… They approached the periphery of the Land of Darkness carefully, but they were quickly attacked by three Sector Beasts all at once. They survived the attacks and were safe and sound inside the spaceships, but once they got out, those three Sector Beasts yelled at the same time. The resulting invisible soul attack put them in great pain even though they could resist it. The three Sector Beasts immediately attacked them, severely injuring Eye Devil God. They retreated immediately.”

“For one thing,” Primal Chaos City Leader continued, “the soul attacks of the Sector Beasts were incredible, so you must have a soul supreme true treasure, and you’ll still feel agony! Both of them have willpower stronger than true gods. Sector Beasts are mighty. Much stronger than them. The energy attack alone was able to severely injure Eye Devil God. The energies the Sector Beasts use are different from our godly power. Their energies can quickly annihilate our godly power. At the same time, their energies will wither away as well.”

Luo Feng nodded. “Yes. A power opposite to godly power.”

Luo Feng had felt that sort of power when he had fought Great Thunder Star Tower. Sector Beasts were using the exact same power, which was why Eye Devil God had been quickly injured even with a machine-type valuable. Both Eye Devil God and Hong only had mediocre godly bodies, so they couldn’t be consumed.

“Ordinary true gods can’t contend with Sector Beasts.” Divine Eye True Master shook his head. “How many Sector Beasts are there?”

Chapter 1412 - Sector Beasts

Come Out

Bei Chi Star Master nodded. “We know too little about them at the moment. First of all, we know that Sector Beasts are great at soul attacks, and secondly, we also know that they wield a power that is the opposite of godly power. Also, we know that although Sector Beasts fight and try to kill each other, when we show up, they’ll work together to attack us. Eye Devil God and Illusion Heart True God were attacked by three Sector Beasts at the same time.”

Luo Feng and the others nodded. They realized that even though the Sector Beasts were trying to kill each other, when facing an enemy from the outside, they would cooperate and fight the outsider together.

“Then…” Nine Remoteness True Master shook his head. “It’ll be difficult to kill them one by one.”

Luo Feng thought, Both Hong and Eye Devil are great at illusions, and their willpower is at void space level! The true gods in Universe Ocean had their willpower at void space level after being trained in the World of Jin, but many are only at the true god level. If they only have willpower at the true god level, they’ll suffer great losses…

Some of the words were forbidden in Universe Ocean; information about true gods of void space and those that were more powerful was concealed.

“We know too little about Sector Beasts,” said Nine-headed Devil Master anxiously.

“What skills do they have? How many are there? We don’t know anything.” Jue He True God nodded.

“Besides, the end of this universe era is approaching,” said Divine Eye True Master. “It might only take several trillion eras for it to come. According to the original mind, we have to end the Sector Beasts before this universe era ends. Otherwise, it’ll be too late.”

The Sector Beasts were a source of worry to all the great beings in Universe Ocean. Even Luo Feng and Divine Eye True Master, who had been foes before, were friends now. With a common enemy, enmities could be erased in no time.

“I think we need to go to the residence of the Sector Beasts again,” said Divine Eye True Master.

“Yes, we need to go again, and we need to get more information.” Jue He True God was anxious. “We must learn more about them. Then we can be more prepared and can plan better.”

Over the past trillion eras, Universe Ocean had been absorbing the inheritance from the ancient civilization, including some ancient techniques, machine-type valuables, and how to control them!

The great beings in Universe Ocean had already reached their limit. Beings like Divine Eye True Master, Skeleton Master, and Nine Remoteness Master wouldn’t be able to greatly improve themselves anymore, even if they were given another universe era. On the contrary, the Sector Beasts would only become stronger as time went by.

It was time to fight!

“We need to form a team of true gods made up of those from Universe Ocean,” Primal Chaos City Leader said with a nod. “We need to go to the Land of Darkness and learn more details about them so that we can make a better plan. Firstly, all the true gods in the team need to be powerful. Also, we need to acknowledge that it’s going to be dangerous. We can’t let this failure shake the foundation of Universe Ocean!”

Everyone nodded. Nobody actually knew how hazardous the Land of Darkness was. If half the eight supreme beings were killed, even if they gained detailed information, it wouldn’t mean anything. After all, the eight supreme beings were the pillars of Universe Ocean.

“I’ll lead,” said Luo Feng. “One true god from the first universe era, one true god from the second true god, and two true gods from the original universe era. We’ll form the team like this, and I’ll also join. There will be five of us.”

Including Luo Feng, three came from the original universe. It was to be expected, since the number of true gods from the original universe was much larger than that of the first and the second universe era.

“Okay.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader is leading this time, so there’ll be no problem.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader will be able to find the mysteries behind this.”

Jue He True God, Divine Eye True Master and Skeleton Master were all pleasantly surprised. Luo Feng was the most powerful being in Universe Ocean. If he couldn’t find out anything, nobody could.

Luo Feng nodded. He was a universe master with several bodies. Even if one of his bodies was annihilated, it could be recovered soon. For the past trillion eras, his willpower had already reached the level of an eternal true god, and practicing “Godly King Technique” was highly rewarding. He also had a giant godly body and was the most powerful being in Universe Ocean. He wasn’t afraid of the home of the Sector Beasts.

“Divine Eye True Master, Jue He True God, go back and talk to the great beings from your universe eras,” said Luo Feng. “One true god from each universe master, and they must have strong willpower.”

Both Divine Eye True Master and Jue He True God nodded and answered.

“Sure.”

“No problem. Many true gods will be honored to go with you.”

Over the previous trillion eras, Luo Feng had become more and more powerful. After practicing “Divine Eye Technique,” Luo Feng could now intimidate true gods with a single glance. All of them venerated Luo Feng, and they also knew that his power would be beyond imagination once he became a true god.

After this meeting, they now had a basic plan for how to deal with the Sector Beasts. The eight supreme beings soon separated. Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Nine Remoteness Master flew back to the original universe.

“Nine Remoteness,” said Luo Feng. “We need two more true gods from the original universe. One from the Ancestral God School and one from the Space Beast Alliance. Will that be a problem?”

“No problem.” Nine Remoteness Master nodded.

The Ancestral God School and the Space Beast Alliance also had many true gods.

“But you need to be careful as well,” said Nine Remoteness Master. “That’s the residence of the Sector Beasts, which forces the original mind to use so many methods.”

“That’s right,” said Primal Chaos City Leader solemnly. “Don’t underestimate those Sector Beasts. Remember Huge Axe.”

Luo Feng nodded, “I know it. I’ll send my Mosha body there this time, so nothing will happen.”

Primal Chaos City Leader relaxed. Mosha body was an energy type creature, and it didn’t have a soul, so soul attacks were useless against it. Besides, Luo Feng could also reach the second level on his energy type lives, and Mosha body was 100 million kilometers tall. Such a large godly body was much bigger than Hong or Eye Devil God, so there was nothing to be afraid of.

This time… Luo Feng thought. When all three universe eras select their champions, I’ll need to go talk with my teacher.

Luo Feng knew that true gods belonged to different races, and it would take them some time to decide who was going.

Land of Darkness in the core area of the remote Tilted Peak Sector.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

There was black mist tumbling on the edge of the Land of Darkness. There hadn’t been so much before, but with time going by, it was growing denser and denser.

Hong!

A streak of black light shot out of the Land of Darkness. Then it slowed down and stopped.

It was a giant monster emitting black light from every inch of its body. It had two ferocious heads, and on each head was a single eye, a nose, and a mouth. It had one pair of arms and one pair of legs. It was completely naked, and wicked force permeated from every part of its body. The singular eyes on each of its two heads glanced around. Its body bore dozens of injuries, and black blood seeped from its veins.

Suddenly, its first head opened its mouth, and its tongue extended. It swept across its body like a giant beam of light, licking every wound on its body.

“Bei Di…!” The hideous black monster bellowed and roared. “I am the ultimate king! I am! You rigged the system, which is why you’re stronger. You want to kill and eat me? Just wait and see—it’s not going to be that easy. Last time, two dishes of food were at our door.”

“Those three idiots were so stupid that they let the delicious food get away,” the ugly monster whispered. “Bei Di, perhaps I can’t beat you in our nest, but other than eating other Sector Beasts, I can also devour delicious food to strengthen myself. I’ll go to the world where the delicious food lives, and I will keep eating it nonstop. I’ll get stronger, and when I come back, I’ll outmatch you. The Sector Beasts in our nest are all wicked, and they won’t let you eat them like that. The food outside is much easier to acquire. When I come back, I’ll be stronger than you. Then I’ll eat you and all the others. I’ll be the ultimate king.”

Hua!

It flew out toward the endless waves where a large boat floated.

As the black light flew toward it, two towering beings flew out.

“My king,” said Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God.

The hideous monster stopped and looked down at the two true gods. It stared at them for a moment. Then, it suddenly changed its shape. It changed from a hideous monster to an enormous humanoid creature which had a giant tail on its back, simulating some of the characteristics of Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God. At the same time, it also permeated godly power.

“Look. Do I look like your kind?” asked the Sector Beast.

“Yes, you do,” answered Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God.

They referred to every Sector Beast they saw as “King.” All the Sector Beasts were deranged, and each one thought he was the best.

“I need detailed information about Universe Ocean,” said the Sector Beast. “Tell me about all the great beings in Universe Ocean.”

Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God looked at each other. This Sector Beast was going to Universe Ocean?

They were exhilarated. They had been repressing their desires for too long. After Great Thunder Star Master died, they were the only two foes Luo Feng had left! Given Luo Feng’s reputation, they didn’t dare to go to the World of Jin, so they had neither the ancient civilization nor any machine-type valuables. And so, they had lingered here for all that time.

Chapter 1413

Zhen Jia Emperor’s voice sounded like the clashing of metal. “The Universe Ocean of today is much stronger than before. This was because of the emergence of the fourth most dangerous land, the World of Jin. The World of Jin was a world left behind by the ancient civilization. It is where many living souls, true gods, and even higher existences of the ancient civilization could be found. The inheritance of the ancient civilization and automaton type treasures all could be found in abundance in the World of Jin! The various groups of top powers from Universe Ocean have penetrated deep within the World of Jin to hone their skills and gain treasures. Their powers have improved tremendously. And among them, we need to be extremely careful of… Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng!”

“Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng?” The Sector Beast looked down at the two true gods and asked, “This Milky Way Horde Leader. What do we know about his background?”

“He is a great being from the human race of the primal universe era, and he is a universe master,” Zhen Jia Emperor said.

“Hahaha! A universe master! Such fragile food… you all want me to be wary of him?” The Sector Beast burst out laughing.

There was no reason for him not to laugh. He was a Sector Beast. A super life form bred by Universe Ocean. Even though he was currently only in his growth period—which was the true god stage— his power was certainly not lower than that of a universe master.

Dragon Rock Ancestral God replied right away, “My dear respected Emperor, you must never, ever underestimate this Milky Way Horde Leader. Previously, when the World of Jin had yet to appear… Great Thunder Star Master had already perished at his hands.”

“Great Thunder was killed by him?” The Sector Beast grew more wary and paid more consideration now.

Unable to resist the temptation, the three true gods had decided to seek refuge with the Sector Beasts, yet they themselves were actually quite highly skilled individuals.

A universe master who could kill a true god…

“And that was when he had just entered World of Jin; it was said that he had an extremely great encounter,” Dragon Rock Ancestral God said in a hoarse voice. “He once annihilated a few hundred universe masters from the united forces alliance and the Purple Moon Holy Land all at once, within a fleeting moment. There was no evidence, but later on, during the trillionth era, when there was provocation raised against the humans within the primal universe, all the advocators were ruthlessly punished by the humans. The various groups of top powers were all of one mind… Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng wielded great authority within the World of Jin.”

Dragon Rock Ancestral God went on to say, “And the willpower of the primal universe origin also leaked out this information… Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng was a Number One Master of Universe Ocean!”

Sector Beast was greatly appalled. “He is just a universe master. How can he be the Number One Master of your Universe Ocean?”

“This is acknowledged by all,” said Dragon Rock Ancestral God. “Over the past trillion eras, he made multiple strikes, and every time he made a move, he always gained an absolute edge over everything that dared to provoke him by keeping them suppressed. Because he was so powerful, neither of us dared to venture into the World of Jin. Now, he is only a universe master. When he becomes a true god, he will certainly be a more horrifying figure! My dear respected Emperor, if you can exterminate him, then in the whole of Universe Ocean, there will truly be no one who can stand in your way anymore!”

Sector Beast fell silent. In the beginning, he had shown indifference and had placed no importance on this figure, but now, the name was etched in his memory: Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng.

“Number One Master of the Universe Ocean. Is that so?” Sector Beast said to himself. “I, Morosa, shall not confront you head-on. I shall first feed myself well with delicious food, and when my powers become stronger, I will come and see for myself just how powerful you are. See if you are more powerful than Beddy.”

At this moment, this Sector Beast, Morosa, had already set Luo Feng —a being whom he had never met before—as an opponent second only to “Beddy.” And Beddy was the greatest opponent he’d had to face in order to become the ultimate king.

As for Luo Feng, he was the greatest obstacle hindering the Sector Beast from feeding on all the delicious fare it craved as he rampaged through Universe Ocean.

“First, I will kill and eat this dish called Milky Way. Then I will eat everything I can find within Universe Ocean and return here… Beddy, if I come back to see that you are already killed by other Sector Beasts, I will be so disappointed.”

The Sector Beast, Morosa, looked down at the two true gods. “Tell me about the map of Universe Ocean.”

After a long time, having gathered enough information, Sector Beast Morosa now had a detailed understanding of Universe Ocean. Finally, he left the Land of Darkness, the nest of the Sector Beasts, and set off for Universe Ocean alone.

Primal universe.

Amidst the vast, starry sky, a man in a white robe appeared and walked through the darkness of space. He headed straight for a red-hot star—a star that was already headed toward the end of the path.

Within the star, blazing flames surrounded the core. But this core, on the contrary, exuded an endless coldness.

A damaged ship was floating amidst the blazing flames, and the cold air kept all those flames away. An elderly man sat cross-legged, unmoving. In his hand was a stone. This stone had been smoothed by his persistent touch.

“Teacher.” The man in white robe walked amidst the flames and soon approached this end of the ship from afar. Neither the flames nor the cold air had any influence on him at all.

The elderly man opened his eyes and looked at Luo Feng. “Going to the Sector Beasts’ nest?”

“Uh-huh.” Luo Feng nodded. “At this point, the great beings of Universe Ocean have mostly reached our limits. Even if we are given another trillion eras, it will still be difficult for us to increase our powers. Yet the Sector Beasts’ powers are consistently on the rise… We feel that we should not delay further. This time, my Mosha body will lead a small team over to briefly look into the situation and uncover more facts. Then we can better formulate our plan of action.” Luo Feng also sat down, cross-legged, far across Sitting Mountain Guest. “Teacher, previously you told me to call on you before heading over.”

Luo Feng had always felt as though Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest hid himself behind a veil. Therefore, Luo Feng had never truly been able to see him clearly.

“First, I need to tell you something,” Sitting Mountain Guest said directly. “Regarding some of the information that the willpower of the primal universe origin openly revealed with the help of the three ancestral gods… Part of it was true, but there are some parts that are not true. For instance, saying that the Universe Boat was created for the sake of dealing with the Sector Beasts… That is an absolute joke.”

Luo Feng was struck by a sudden thought. “Teacher, you mean to say… the words of the willpower of the primal universe origin are not credible?”

“No,” Sitting Mountain Guest replied. “Killing a Sector Beast is certainly good for you all. The existence of Sector Beasts is mainly for the purpose of destroying. They are capable of destroying all kinds of miniature universes. So, of course, it would be right for you all to get rid of them in their early stages.”

Luo Feng frowned. “Then, Teacher, what you mean to say is—”

“I want to tell you that, first off, this Sector Beast is an incomparably terrifying life form that the Universe Ocean gave birth to,” Sitting Mountain Guest said in a most solemn tone. “Truly, it is terrifying. Within the entire Universe Ocean, there is one primal universe, and the Sector Beast takes up an opposing role against it! As for you countless life forms, you are all merely the byproducts of what the Universe Ocean bred. Speaking of the nobility of this life form alone, who can hold a candle to it?”

Luo Feng could not help but nod to indicate his agreement. Such a life form was, undeniably, highly noble.

“Of course, I am specifically referring to the final survivor after one billion Sector Beasts fight one another to death,” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “This last one standing is the truly incomparably noble yet terrifying one. For now, there are still many of them, so the threat posed by one of them… will not be great enough to eliminate your ability to resist. Also, this Sector Beast, as noble as it is, it is naturally endowed with immeasurably high intelligence. Do you know, within the Universe Ocean, what is the least threatening to the Sector Beast?”

Luo Feng was filled with doubts. “Least threatening?”

“The primal universe!” Sitting Mountain Guest laughed. “The primal universe is almost harmless to the Sector Beast.”

“Teacher, do you mean…?” Luo Feng’s eyes lit up. He seemed to have an inkling about what his Teacher meant.

Sitting Mountain Guest laughed out loud as he said, “When a Sector Beast attacks any miniature universe, it will definitely be met with retaliation. Regardless of whether it is the two Holy Lands or the various miniature universes… any attack made would arouse a frenzied retaliation from a large number of great beings. However, when it attacks the primal universe, the primal universe by itself is simply incapable of any form of resistance.

“It may have bred countless lives, and it may seem to possess an endless power, but it is unable to initiate attacks. Therefore, it could only passively withstand all the devouring by the Sector Beast. The primal universe origin is said to be vast and endless. Even if the Sector Beast feeds to its heart’s content, or even until it is stuffed to death, it will never devour all of it.

“To a certain degree, the primal universe will still undergo self-destruction to return back to its origin, during which the Sector Beast will not be able to attack. However, the change between the birth and destruction of the primal universe is under the control of intangible rules. It cannot be destroyed at will. Before destroying it, a Sector Beast will devour as much of the primal universe origin as possible, causing fundamental damage. If all of you great beings combine your strength to create a form of deterrence, these Sector Beasts may give up on you for the time being and refocus all their attention on specifically dealing with the primal universe. After all, that is the greatest meal they could ever have!”

Luo Feng’s eyes brightened further as he gained an understanding of what Teacher was saying.

“This is why,” Sitting Mountain Guest said with a laugh, “the willpower of the primal universe origin told a lie.”

Hong! Hong! Hong!

There were faint tremors in the surrounding space. A strong, oppressive force was spreading out, rocking and shaking everything in the surroundings.

Luo Feng looked around. The flames of the star that were surrounding the broken ship were becoming distorted as they tremored. It was as though they would be extinguished at any moment.

“No need to worry,” Sitting Mountain Guest laughed. “The willpower of the primal universe origin has to adhere to the most fundamental universe laws. So long as you do not challenge any of those laws, it will not be able to do you any harm. It can only rely on help from other great beings… But within the universe, who could be your match?”

Luo Feng shook his head. “If this was said before the other great beings, I could just brush it off. But before Teacher, I am not that confident.”

“No.” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “The willpower of the primal universe origin is not wrong in saying so. You are, indeed, Number One in Universe Ocean. Regarding the Sector Beast, the willpower of the primal universe origin is lying because it wants you all to go out there to fight and kill. Actually, to the high and mighty willpower of the primal universe origin, whether or not all of you survive, does it really matter? It can always breed generations of reincarnation eras.

“Life and death were originally part and parcel of the development of nature. It is not the least bit concerned about your life and death. To it… its origin is of the utmost importance. After all, the moment its origin is injured, it might never be able to recover even after countless reincarnation eras. This is why you should not act as its weapon of choice so easily. You must learn how to reap some benefits from it.”

“Benefits?” Luo Feng frowned. “The willpower of origin has given its promise: inheritance, treasures, or even the release of Teacher Origin. Everything is possible.”

“Those are no benefits at all.” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “Treasures and all… To the willpower of the origin, these are merely some of the countless treasures left behind since long ago. It has no use for them, so it was randomly tossing some over to you. As for releasing Teacher Origin? That poses no threat to it at all. That’s why it was willing to do so.”

Luo Feng quickly asked, “Then what benefit should I ask for?”

“The greatest benefit,” Sitting Mountain Guest said in a most solemn manner. “Combining one’s consciousness with the primal universe origin. By doing so, one can personally experience what it is like when the primal universe undergoes a cycle of destruction and renaissance. First, you destroy the primal universe. Then you let the primal universe undergo rebirth.”

“Combining one’s consciousness with the primal universe origin?” gasped Luo Feng. “To personally experience destruction and renaissance?” Luo Feng was taken aback.

The very notion was incredible.

Chapter 1414

“No miniature universes can compare with the original universe, and not even the World of Jin can compare with the original universe.” Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Luo Feng. “Every one era of the original universe contains the ultimate mystery. Even if I want to get into the origin, the original universe won’t let me do that. It would rather let Teacher Origin go than let you get the opportunities. However… Between the threat of the Sector Beasts and giving you a great opportunity, I think it will make the best choice.” Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Luo Feng. “Actually, I envy you, but there’s nothing I can do.”

Luo Feng was confused. He could sense that Sitting Mountain Guest meant to say something else. The accomplishments he had now, and the inheritance from Duan Dong River, plus the sealing task in the World of Jin, should have all been beyond Sitting Mountain Guest’s expectations. These accomplishments empowered him greatly.

“Teacher,” said Luo Feng.

“Huh?” Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Luo Feng.

“You created the Flame God race and the earthlings,” said Luo Feng. “I never knew why you did that. I owe you so much, and I’ll be forever grateful for you. If you want any help from me, I’ll do anything to help you.”

Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Luo Feng and laughed. “Look around, Luo Feng.” Sitting Mountain Guest pointed around.

Luo Feng looked around; the burning fire around this rugged boat was driven away by the cold. The fire was shaking as an invisible force enveloped the area. It was the force of the original mind. Apparently, the original mind had arrived and was angered by some of the things Sitting Mountain Guest had said, yet it couldn’t do anything about it.

“The original mind has arrived. Some things I can say, but something is forbidden, which means even if I want to tell you, I am not allowed to do so.” Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Luo Feng. “Like in Universe Ocean, we can’t talk about inheritance information above true gods.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“It’s not that I don’t want to tell you, but I can’t tell you right now,” whispered Sitting Mountain Guest. “It has something to do with the ancient civilization, and it’s about the biggest secret in Universe Ocean. I can only tell you when it is appropriate.”

“When will it be appropriate?” asked Luo Feng.

“I’m very satisfied with your power now, but this is not the time yet.” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “No need to ask, because I can’t say, even if I want to.”

Luo Feng considered. The ancient civilization? The biggest secret in Universe Ocean? He had long speculated that Sitting Mountain Guest was related to the World of Jin.

“Then I’ll just wait and see,” said Luo Feng.

“Remember,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Don’t underestimate the Sector Beasts. It’s wise of you to send your Mosha body to the Sector Beasts’ nest… You haven’t reached the peak of your power yet, but other true gods already have, and it’s difficult for them to break through. Once you’ve become a true god, your power will surge again. Don’t bet everything on it. You’ll reach your peak when you become a true god.”

Luo Feng was shocked. According to his teacher, he wasn’t able to kill those Sector Beasts yet.

“Go,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Remember, be careful. This is the fiercest war in Universe Ocean.”

“Okay,” said Luo Feng. He stood up, took a bow, and left.

In Ancestral God Palace in the ancestral god secret region, Luo Feng entered wearing a white cape. The guards didn’t stop him, as they all knew who Luo Feng was. The three ancestral gods had said before that Milky Way Horde Leader could enter at any time.

“Ancestral gods.”

Luo Feng walked into the palace, glanced around. The three ancestral gods sat on the thrones.

After a trillion eras, the three ancestral gods from the Ancestral God School had already become true gods! After all, they were highly gifted, which was why they had been chosen to be ancestral gods, and besides, they were favored by the original mind. Now, many true gods were being born in the original universe, so it would be a joke if the three ancestral gods were still universe masters.

“I think the original mind knows my requirement now,” said Luo Feng.

Double-Face Ancestral God sighed. “Requirement? We don’t know what your requirement is, but the original mind is a bit upset now. Do you still stand by your requirement?”

“Yes,” Luo Feng nodded.

Upset? That had nothing to do with him. The original mind had suppressed Teacher Origin—the entire human race was upset! As Sitting Mountain Guest had said, there was no need to be afraid of the original mind, as it had to follow certain rules, and it needed Luo Feng to get rid of the Sector Beasts.

Actually, when his consciousness entered the universe origin, it would be as if he was becoming the original universe, experiencing the destruction and rebirth. It sounded mysterious, but Luo Feng wouldn’t blindly believe everything Sitting Mountain Guest said. After all, he needed to make an avatar to enter the land of origin. Once the original universe started to destroy itself, it could easily kill Luo Feng by attacking the avatars and killing his soul!

This requirement had some risks. Luo Feng had said yes firstly because of one of the top three techniques of Duan Dong River, “Undying River.” After becoming a true god, he would complete Undying River and leave some blood behind as a backup plan. Even if he was attacked by the original universe and died, he could be resurrected. Of course, that was the worst-case scenario. That original mind needed to follow the rules, so if he didn’t provoke it, he wouldn’t be killed.

Of course, if Luo Feng wanted to feel the birth and destruction of the original universe, he needed to wait until the end of the original universe. Only then would the original universe be destroyed and born again. It wouldn’t destroy itself in advance because of Luo Feng. Besides, Luo Feng hadn’t become a true god yet, so he didn’t wish for the original universe to be destroyed.

“Since you insist.” The ancient ancestral god looked at Luo Feng down in the palace. “Even though it is very demanding, if you, Milky Way Horde Leader, are really able to kill all the Sector Beasts and protect the original universe from being harmed, the original mind will not only let Teacher Origin go, but consents to your requirement. Of course, your requirement can only be met when this universe era ends. Everything the original mind consents to is bound by the operation law, so it won’t deceive you.”

The voice spread, followed by a blurry ancient ripple, enveloping the entire palace, so it was spread to Luo Feng as well.

“I trust you.” Luo Feng nodded.

Each of the three universe eras needed to choose a venture to go to the nest of Sector Beasts. It was extremely dangerous, so nobody was willing to go.

Why did I have to go? Why couldn’t he go? I would be the only last hope of my race, so if I died, my entire race would die.

There were internal discussions and compromises that would take several years or longer to be completed. It was as Luo Feng had expected. Compared to a trillion eras, a few years was a blink of an eye, so there was no need to rush anything.

While the powers in Universe Ocean were selecting who would go, Sector Beast Morosa left Tilted Peak Sector.

Wa!

“This is chaos air! There’s no rich chaos air like this in the nest. It’s everywhere.”

A giant, golden man with a tail stood amid the chaos air. He wore ancient armor, and his body shape looked perfect. His bloody eyes glinted ferociously.

The Sector Beast looked around. He had assumed a shape that was typical in Universe Ocean, and he had godly power, so everyone would think he was a great being from a certain race in Universe Ocean.

Xiu!

Sector Beast Morosa opened his mouth, and all the chaos air flooded in. Suddenly, everything around him became a black hole, and the chaos air kept flooding into his body. It only stopped after a whole day.

“So pleasing! Although devouring other Sector Beasts is still better, I can devour this air at any time.” Sector Beast Morosa was very satisfied. There was chaos air in Tilted Peak Sector, but it was too thin to be significant. “It’s too slow just swallowing this chaos air.”

Sou!

Sector Beast Morosa took a step and started to teleport. It started to tour Universe Ocean. With the map provided by Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God, it wouldn’t get lost. Besides, there was a strong connection among all the Sector Beasts, so even if it did get lost, it would seek out other Sector Beasts.

After half a month of touring Universe Ocean, the golden, towering Sector Beast Morosa was slashing his tail, standing in space, staring at a giant miniature universe in front of him. It had a diameter of 100 million light years. It was enormous.

“Oh, oh… So delicious!” Sector Beast Morosa’s eyes gleamed with madness. He gazed at the miniature universe in front of him with his tail whipping. He was thrilled. “I can actually feel the universe origin of this miniature universe. It will be so delicious. The sensation itself thrills me…”

Sector Beast Morosa was excited. It had eaten other Sector Beasts in the past, and the process was a fiesta. However, the smell of the universe origin in front him made him crave for more. It would be just as fantastic as eating other Sector Beasts.

Eat! Eat!

Sector Beast Morosa was yelling inside, but his brain maintained control.

“I can’t believe the miniature universe is so delicious. According to the two slaves, there are many miniature universes, holy lands, and the original universe. I’m still very weak, and miniature universes have the weakest defense. I can swallow them much more quickly. It might take me a long time to swallow holy lands, followed by the original universe, but the origin of the original universe is limitless. This miniature universe belongs to an ordinary small universe from the first universe era, according to the map. That Milky Way Horde Leader is the biggest threat. As for this true god? He’s very mediocre. I’ll take it as my first meal.”

Sector Beast Morosa thought for a while. He reckoned that the master of the miniature universe before him was weak, so he decided to swallow the miniature universe.

Chapter 1415 - Firefly True

Master

Sector Beast Morosa was stood in the endless chaos space. The godly power previously emanating from his body had dissipated. Instead, the godly power had been replaced by waves upon waves of wicked black air. The waves of black air surrounded Sector Beast Morosa. Sector Beast Morosa was the center, there were traces of black light flowing around the sector, forming traces of curves, rushing toward the miniature universe in front of him.

Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua!

From the Sector Beast, traces of light mixed with black light shot out. They curved, extending toward the entire miniature universe. Originally, the previous traces of light were all visible. However, when they extended more than 100 million light years long, they all gradually blurred and even disappeared, as if they had integrated with the space around them.

Hu!

Sector Beast Morosa’s body trembled, and it closed its eyes, looking satisfied.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Traces of gleaming light were swiftly transmitted from 100 million light years away along those curves and merged with the point of origin: Sector Beast Morosa.

“Ah, this is what the universe origin taste like? So delicious.” Sector Beast Morosa was thrilled. “If Bei Di knew, it would rush here immediately. There are only a limited number of miniature universes, so it’ll only take a short while to swallow them all. They’ll definitely have time to go back to the nest. I’m so wise. I can’t let them know about his. Otherwise, I’ll have to share with them.”

Sector Beast Morosa was swallowing the miniature universe recklessly, and the colors of the light were more various than rainbows. They were all transmitted to the body of Sector Beast Morosa from 100 million light years away.

Swallow! Swallow! Swallow! It kept swallowing the miniature universe.

Morosa hated the fact that he was so weak. If he was able to swallow all the other Sector Beasts and become the last remaining king, it would be much faster than swallowing these miniature universes.

“Based on the information from the two slaves, this small universe belongs to ‘Firefly True Master’ from the first universe era. He’s only a mediocre true god in Universe Ocean, not one of the eight supreme beings.” Sector Beast Morosa understood that Firefly True Master would certainly realize that he was eating his universe origin. It would become weakened, and all the creatures in it would die.

In the miniature universe, the Firefly clan wasn’t as impressive as the Divine Eye clan or the skeleton clan, as they only had one true god. Inside the miniature universe where Firefly True Master and his race lived, there were many dimensions, and the core dimension housed lots of undying fighters, universe knights, universe masters, and the only true god: the supreme being of the Firefly clan, Firefly True Master! Inside the core dimension was the glowing ancestral palace where Firefly True Master lived.

Hu… Hu…

Firefly True Master occupied an area deep in the ancestral palace. He was deep in sleep, and in his state of unconsciousness, he was able to comprehend the laws as quickly as possible. It was silent in the ancestral palace, as nobody dared to bother him.

Finally, Firefly True Master, who was covered in gray, opened his eyes. His hundreds of hoofs stood up, and so did his entire body. On each section of his body was a piece of gray armor.

“What is…?” Firefly True Master’s face was covered with wrinkles. The sole eye in the midst of his wrinkles glinted with anxiety. This was something it had never felt before. “The origin of the miniature universe!”

Firefly True Master immediately realized what had happened. The origin of the miniature universe—the origin that sustained the entire miniature universe, the origin that contained the core and the most mysterious power—was being steadily weakened, as if something were swallowing it. And it was being swallowed fast.

However, the miniature universe was enormous! Although its origin was constantly being devoured, it was still able to last for three to five minutes. Yet it was being constantly swallowed, and at this speed, the origin would be sucked dry in the next eight to ten days. After that, his entire miniature universe would crumble.

“No! Definitely no!” Firefly True Master was furious. “Why is the origin of my miniature universe being consumed? Why? No true god has ever encountered something like this…!”

Firefly True Master was suddenly dazed. He recalled that a trillion eras before, when the fourth Land of Extremis, the World of Jin, had just appeared, the original mind had told everyone about the terrifying being known as the “Sector Beast” through the three ancestral gods! They had mentioned that Sector Beasts would destroy and devour everything.

“Is it a Sector Beast?” Firefly True Master was shocked. “A Sector Beast is eating my small universe?”

Firefly True Master was truly terrified. Although he had many techniques and no true gods could be considered mediocre, he was only an average true god. He didn’t even have a machine-type valuable! He had left after spending millions of eras in the World of Jin. Of course, he had obtained three supreme true treasures.

“Nobody has seen Sector Beasts in Universe Ocean yet. Am I the first target?” Firefly True Master was worried. He then decided to sense carefully.

Hong! Long!

The membrane of the miniature universe permeated the strength of the universe origin, and that strength immediately sensed the existence of another type of energy.

“That way.” Firefly True Master turned around his head, looking to a direction as if he could see the outside of the universe.

“Come in, all universe masters!” Firefly Master yelled.

His voice echoed in the ears of all universe masters from the Firefly race, and they all rushed toward the ancestral palace either by transportation or teleportation. After less than ten seconds, all the universe masters had arrived, and they flew toward the palace.

All the universe masters flew in.

“Ancestor.” All 13 universe masters were respectful. They were the 13 universe masters who had entered the World of Jin and had been through training in the World of Jin. They had all left their original bodies or avatars in the small universe. At the start, all 13 universe masters had entered the World of Jin, following most of the other powers in Universe Ocean, but by now, most of them had left.

“You must all know about Sector Beasts.” Firefly True Master looked down.

The universe masters from the Firefly race who were standing in the palace were all looking at each other.

“I don’t have time to elaborate, but I suspect that the Sector Beasts have come out, and one of them is right outside the miniature universe of our race. It’s devouring the origin of my miniature universe!” said Firefly True Master anxiously. The news horrified all the universe masters.

Firefly True Master gave a direct order: “Control Dark, you have an energy body, and you’re not afraid of soul attacks. Now, you send your body out of the miniature universe, and I’ll escort you to the universe membrane. When you get there, you can just follow the direction I give you and teleport out. Inspect what is happening carefully. This concerns the fate of our race, so you must be careful.”

“Okay,” answered Control Dark Master, who stood down there. “I am prepared to die trying.”

The other body of Control Dark Master, who was living elsewhere, was transported outside the universe membrane by Firefly True Master. That was where Firefly True Master sensed the strange energies coming from.

Control Dark Master, who was dark with two purple antennae and covered with a shell, went out of the universe membrane, looking at the endless space outside.

Sou!

It then flew in a straight line along the direction specified by Firefly True Master. He teleported and inspected the area carefully. He teleported again and again, inspecting his surroundings again and again. Though there were many curves, the chaos space was massive and filled with chaos air, so it was impossible to see clearly over a long distance.

“I have a very strange feeling about this.” Control Dark Master kept teleporting.

He felt like he was being suffocated, as if he were entering another dark world. Little did he know that Sector Beast Morosa was performing its inherited techniques and swallowing the origin, and the area around the Sector Beast was terrifying and suppressive.

“That direction!” The stronger it got, the more easily Control Dark Master could decide on the direction. Finally…

Hua!

Control Dark Master, who was tiny and dark, showed up in out of nowhere. He looked in front of him and was able to see the curves connecting, all pointing toward the same spot. Each curve was gleaming, and all the bright light entered a common point.

“That is…” Control Dark Master saw the spot in the distance. It was a towering, golden creature in humanoid form. It had a tail, and it was looking toward Control Dark Master with its bloody eyes.

“Fragile but delicious food,” the creature said as it spotted Control Dark Master.

Control Dark Master immediately confirmed, “Ancestor is sensing the whole thing correctly—it is indeed swallowing the origin… It must be a Sector Beast.”

Control Dark Master wasn’t afraid at all, as he had already prepared to die when he had decided to come here. Even if he lost this body, the greatest loss he could suffer was some energy.

Hong!

Suddenly, a black curve of light arrived and covered Control Dark Master. A powerful swallowing force penetrated Control Dark Master.

“No!”

Control Dark Master immediately burned his godly power and performed the first level of godly power burning technique. However, it was completely swallowed after only a few seconds.

“It’s only a universe master, and it is too weak,” said Sector Beasts Morosa. “That so-called strongest great being in Universe Ocean, Milky Way Horde Leader, is also only a universe master. Even if he’s 100 times or even 1,000 times stronger than this one, I can also kill him instantly. Perhaps the great beings in Universe Ocean are weaker than I thought.”

Sector Beast Morosa’s eyes were gleaming with madness and greed.

Inside the ancestral palace of the miniature universe.

“Ancestor, it’s indeed a Sector Beast at the end of your directions,” said Control Dark Master. “The Sector Beast is enormous and has a tail. There are traces of light emanating from that Sector Beast, extending toward the space. I think the light is devouring the origin. My body was immediately swallowed by a trace of light, even though I burned my godly power to resist it.”

Firefly True Master was shocked. “A Sector Beast! It is here! We must tell all the races from Universe Ocean. I alone might not be able to resist it. Tell all the races in Universe Ocean that a Sector Beast showed up outside the miniature universe of Firefly race.” He commanded his followers to tell all the true gods they could.

“Yes, Ancestor.”

The universe masters all began spreading the news. This time, they needed help!

Chapter 1416 - The Great

Army of Universe Ocean

Primal Universe, within the borders of Ganwu Universe, Milky Way Holy Land.

The present-day Milky Way Holy Land was known as one of the two major centers of the human race. One center was the primal secret region. The other was Milky Way Holy Land. As the human race was now powerful enough, Remote Ocean was no longer required to stay within the primal secret region. This was why Luo Feng had first shifted it into a god country before changing it again from a god country to Milky Way Holy Land.

With the endless Remote Ocean, Milky Way Holy Land had six true gods and over 100 universe masters; it even had universe knights and countless undying fighters. It was where Luo Feng, the number one master of Universe Ocean, resided. The entire Milky Way Holy Land had already been expanded, with various clusters of palaces in undulating waves all over. Amongst them, there was a vast piece of the starry land that belonged to Hong, and another vast piece belonged to Fire Dome. These two lands already occupied close to the entire Milky Way.

“Fire Dome.” Luo Feng, garbed in his white robe and walked along the corridor of the void space. Following close behind him was a youth with long, red hair. He might have seemed like a youth, but he was actually “Fire Dome True God’, the illustrious super talent whose teacher was Luo Feng, the number one master of Universe Ocean.

“Teacher,” Fire Dome said, bowing with reverence.

Luo Feng spoke as he walked. “I imparted to you the inheritance of the pulse of Jie Fanzi and also the inheritances of various pulses of the World of Jin. You are, unquestionably, extremely gifted. Your secret technique has also attained an extremely high level of achievement. However, your willpower is apparently hindering your path to perfection. Right now, your willpower is only at the true god level… As a true god, this level of willpower is much too weak.”

“You disciple understands.” Again, Fire Dome bowed reverentially as he responded.

Inwardly, Luo Feng lamented. Both he and Hong were from the pulse of Earth. As great beings from Earth, so long as they were outstanding figures, their willpower should have been more determined and powerful. But this second disciple of his was relatively weaker in this respect.

“When the next era is here, you will head for the World of Jin. I will make the necessary arrangements. Going there will allow you to hone your willpower. If your willpower can be increased to the void space level, I can start imparting willpower secret techniques to you.” Luo Feng gave Fire Dome one brief glance.

Immediately, Fire Dome became extremely excited and said, “I will definitely do my best and not disappoint you, Teacher.”

He could not forget that back when he had first become a true god and went to the World of Jin to hone his skills, he had considered himself to be among the top tier of true gods. He was full of confidence. In light of this, facing his Teacher—named “Number One Master of Universe Ocean”—he was eager for a chance to learn through sparring.

Luo Feng saw through his thoughts with a mere glance and said, “You can try. Put in all you’ve got.”

So Fire Dome executed his secret technique of blazing his godly power and made use of his automaton-type treasure as he readied himself as thoroughly as he could.

Yet all it took was one look from Luo Feng!

One single look, and Fire Dome instantly felt as though the time and space around him vanished. What remained were only those incomparably terrorizing eyes that could drown out everything in a fleeting moment. Right away, Fire Dome lost consciousness and crashed to the ground!

Every time he recalled his first time facing Teacher… Just one look from Teacher, and he had been knocked out right away! Fire Dome had always found the willpower secret technique from Teacher’s set of knowledge overwhelming. Yet, at the same time, he yearned to learn more about it. The numerous disciples under Luo Feng all knew that their teacher had an extremely powerful willpower secret technique, yet up until now, none had been able to inherit it.

According to Luo Feng, “It is not me refusing to impart the technique to you. It is just that for all of you, your willpower simply does not reach the threshold for cultivating the technique.”

What a stinging remark!

“Huh?” Luo Feng’s expression suddenly changed.

“Teacher…?” Fire Dome was in doubt as he started to ask a question. Then he too showed a change in expression as he exclaimed in shock, “Sector Beast!”

“Sector Beast…” Luo Feng said slowly. “Finally, it’s here.”

Then Luo Feng looked up.

Far in the distance, a figure appeared. It transformed into a streak of flowing light and sped toward Luo Feng. Very quickly, the figure descended. This black-haired man garbed in a black robe was none other than Hong.

“You sensed it, too?” Luo Feng nodded. “Big brother and Fire Dome, both of you have to come along with me. We will go look for Firefly True Master.”

Hong walked over, shaking his head while sighing. “Previously, I suffered a loss because of this Sector Beast. Who would have expected another Sector Beast to appear in such a short time? I’m afraid the reason is because Eye Devil God and I went over to their territory. Thus, those Sector Beasts also thought about the idea of coming out. Only after you have truly fought against one will you understand how truly terrifying these Sector Beasts are. Luo Feng… This time, we really need to depend on you.”

“Let’s wait and see first. No one knows exactly how strong this Sector Beast is.” Luo Feng instantly waved and—Hua! A nine-story tower appeared. “Let’s go.”

Luo Feng was the first to walk towards the doors of Star Tower, with Hong and Fire Dome closely behind as all three entered. At that moment, another figure was approaching from the distance. It was Mosha body, and it, too, followed the rest, entering Star Tower.

Luo Feng was exercising extremely high vigilance. Even though he had many treasures with him, in terms of defense, Star Tower was still extremely powerful. His Remote Ocean body and Mosha body had set off at the same time. And even if Mosha body were to lose and perish in the war, Remote Ocean body could still take over the treasures left behind by Mosha body after it was destroyed.

“Divine eye.” Amidst the chaotic airflow, Luo Feng and company were on board Star Tower, rushing their way to Firefly True Master. Luo Feng took out a transmission token. “What? You are unable to make your way there quickly?”

“Milky Way, these Sector Beasts have appeared outside Firefly True Master’s miniature universe. No one knows exactly how many have come to Universe Ocean. It might be quite a few. If we all set off for Firefly True Master’s miniature universe at the same time, what if other Sector Beasts suddenly appear and charge into my miniature universe…? I would not be able to rush back in time. This would spell big trouble. I have already sent two of my true gods, who are rushing over now. After all, even if we discover the presence of Sector Beasts, we need to alert all the groups of powers from Universe Ocean into leaping into action.”

Luo Feng understood his point of view. It was similar to why he left his Golden Horned Beast body in the primal universe. He could disintegrate another body of himself anytime he wanted and bring it back to its original form when it was within the endless Remote Ocean.

“Nine-Headed, all right, all right. I am rushing over too,” said Luo Feng, transmitting his instructions to another top-tiered great being. “Your miniature universe is also near Firefly Master’s miniature universe. You make your way over first and keep the situation under control. I will rush over as fast as I can.”

Of the eight great overlords of Universe Ocean, Luo Feng served covertly as the leader, and at that very moment, he was speedily trying to establish contact with every single one.

This time, out of the eight great overlords, three were rushing over. Other than those three, there were many other true gods. For instance, from the human race itself, as many as seven true gods were rushing over. Clearly, this was the first time a Sector Beast had made an appearance in the Universe Ocean, as the various powerful groups were exercising extreme caution and vigilance.

The various true gods were all at different distances from Firefly True Master’s miniature universe. Some were near, while others were very far away. Luo Feng, who had set off from the primal universe, would have been considered to be very far away.

After all, among the three reincarnation eras, numerous true gods’ miniature universes from the first reincarnation era were far from the primal universe. They were scattered far, and even within the first reincarnation era, distances between the various miniature universes differed. Some were closer to one another, some were equally distant from one another.

Time continued passing by, and around the membrane wall of Firefly True Master’s miniature universe, almost half of Firefly True Master’s meandering body was out of the membrane wall as it gazed far into the distance.

“No! Loathsome.”

Firefly True Master was very anxious. It could clearly feel the origin of its miniature universe being continually eaten away. It was the most fundamental form of encroachment. It was almost impossible to recover; an immeasurably long period would be required just to recover to only a small degree. That was also why the willpower of the primal universe origin was so dreadful.

“What should I do, what should I do?”

Firefly True Master was filled with anxiety, but it did not dare leave without even a single automaton-type treasure—especially when Control Dark Master, who was under its command, had been swallowed the moment it encountered that Sector Beast. This further eroded Firefly True Master’s confidence.

“Ancestor.”

By his side, there were several other universe masters from his Firefly clan.

“Ancestor, even if the various parties are rushing over, they are, after all, rushing from all corners of Universe Ocean. They will need time. The number one master of our Universe Ocean, Milky Way Horde Leader, will need to travel from the primal universe.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader will not be able to make it in such a short time.”

“The nearer they are to us, the faster they will be able to make it here. However, those nearer to us might not come. Some of the true gods are worried that they, too, might get attacked by the Sector Beast.”

These universe masters were all very anxious too.

“Hahaha…”

Amidst the void space, Sector Beast Morosa stood tall. Rays of distorted light penetrated the endless void space to swallow the origin of that faraway miniature universe.

“How gutless,” said Sector Beast Morosa. “The origin of his own miniature universe is being swallowed by me. How can that Firefly True Master possibly be unaware? In the very beginning, he had sent one universe master over to look into the matter. Yet since then, there hasn’t been a single move made. Obviously, it was fearful of me, and thus, did not dare to deal with me. Haha! It seems I have overestimated Universe Ocean. I’m afraid the various races of Universe Ocean are pretty weak after all.”

Sector Beast Morosa was exhilarated. It had prepared well for a war, but it had not expected that, even after waiting for quite some time, Firefly True Master would make no move other than to send a universe master to probe around. After that, it had made no further moves.

Firefly True Master was truly anxious.

A piece of news was transmitted over. “Firefly, I have arrived.”

One of the clawed hoofs of Firefly True Master grasped a transmission token, and the moment it received this news, it was instantly delighted. “Blood Orchid, you are here? I have been so worried. Some of the other true gods are either scared or worried about their own universes and simply stayed away from here. There are others who are rushing over from very faraway places. Blood Orchid, my coordinates are…” Firefly True Master was extremely agitated.

“I will be there immediately,” came the reply.

Firefly True Master was very excited as he looked around. “Blood Orchid Ancestor will arrive soon.”

“Blood Orchid Ancestor?”

“With Blood Orchid Ancestor here, things will be much better.”

“Blood Orchid Ancestor and my Firefly clan did share a relationship with one another, and when such something happens, she is the first to come and help. As for the other three miniature universes nearest to us, not a single one came.”

The universe masters all sighed while lamenting how true friends could be identified only at the most crucial moments.

A short while later—

Hua!

A black, triangular tower teleported over and appeared in the vicinity. Then it flew over rapidly. Firefly True Master raced to receive it as it came to a halt and a towering figure walked out. She was surrounded by countless crimson flowers, looking very finely adorned. It was her: Blood Orchid Ancestor!

Back when the World of Jin had yet to emerge, three true gods had frequently stayed around the black-striped stone pillars. They were Bei Chi Star Master, Blood Orchid Ancestor, and Rampaging Devil God. When the World of Jin had emerged, Blood Orchid Ancestor had made her way there, as expected. After spending a period of time honing her skills, she had become more powerful. In terms of power, she was not far below the eight major overlords. If the eight major overlords were said to be the top-notch team, she would have been regarded as second only to them.

Her greatest advantage was her body. As a plant life form, Blood Orchid Ancestor had a massive body. At the moment, she took the form of a woman surrounded by flowers. However, that was only a transformation that she took on. It was not her original look.

Previously, she had spent quite a long time at the black-striped stone pillars, so her willpower was extremely strong, too.

“Me?” Blood Orchid Ancestor looked in the distance at the numerous universe masters of the Firefly Clan, then turned toward Firefly True Master with a dubious look. “It’s just me alone?”

Firefly True Master wandered over and said a bit awkwardly, “The other true masters were quite far away, so they have yet to arrive. Milky Way Horde Leader, Nine-Headed Demon Master, and Nine Remoteness True Master are also in the process of rushing here now.”

Chapter 1417

They’re all on their way? Blood Orchid Ancestor thought. Let’s wait. We’ll wait until they all arrive.

Firefly True Master felt that the origin of his miniature universe was being swallowed. The situation would be grave after five days, but he was far from crumbling. Besides, even he wasn’t brave enough to fight the Sector Beast, so he didn’t want to ask Blood Orchid Ancestor to do that.

Days passed. Even an era was like a blink of an eye to true gods, not to mention a day. They all thought that the miniature universes were very close to each other, yet now, Firefly True Master was resentful that the distance between miniature universes was too large. If only his miniature universe was close to the original universe!

“Ah!” Firefly True Master couldn’t have been more worried.

The fourth day after the Sector Beast started to devour the origin of his miniature universe, there were already four true gods outside it. Two of them were from the first universe era while the other two were from the second universe era.

“Everyone,” Firefly True Master said, looking around at Blood Orchid Ancestor, surrounded by red flowers, a true god from the skeleton race who was tall but made up of bones, and a blurry being made of water. These true gods were all looking at Firefly True Master. They did not act. “Everyone,” he said again, anxiously. “That Sector Beast is eating the origin of my miniature universe really fast. Half of its origin is already gone. If we let it continue, even if my miniature universe can survive, I won’t have any chance to transcend incarnations if my origin is destroyed.”

“Firefly, do you really think we are enough to deal with that Sector Beast? If we could, the original mind wouldn’t make such a scene and ask for help from the entire Universe Ocean.”

“Let’s wait, Firefly. Let’s wait until Nine-Headed Devil Master arrives. He’s one of the eight great overlords, so we can just follow him.”

“We alone can’t be of much to help.”

They were indeed friends, but even Luo Feng had decided to let his Mosha body go and die when fighting Sector Beasts. Clearly, all the great beings in Universe Ocean were being careful. They didn’t dare to underestimate the enemies.

“Firefly, you can go yourself. Be careful and stay in the supreme true treasure palace. As long as you stay in there, you can at least survive.

Three great overlords were rushing there this time: Milky Way Horde Leader, Nine Remoteness True Master, and Nine-Headed Devil Master.

Milky Way Horde Leader and Nine Remoteness True Master were from the original universe era, so it would take them a long time to arrive. Comparatively, Nine-Headed Devil Master was much closer.

The eighth day after the Sector Beast started to devour the miniature universe origin.

“Should I go or not…?” wondered Firefly True Master.

He felt like he was losing his mind. He feared that his universe origin couldn’t last long. However, if he went to fight the Sector Beast alone, he might be killed instantly. Including Firefly True Master, there were already eight true gods.

“It’s been such a long time.”

“Our ancestor might not be able to hold it anymore.”

All the other universe masters from the Firefly race standing aside were worried. However, when it came to fighting Sector Beasts, they, as universe masters, couldn’t do anything to help. After all, with burning godly power techniques and machine-type valuables and so on, the power gap between universe masters and true gods was vast. Even 100 universe masters couldn’t rival one true god. How many universe masters were there in Universe Ocean? If there were more than 100, they might have been able to help, but there were only a limited number. Which meant that when it came to fighting Sector Beasts, universe masters weren’t able to help whatsoever. The weapons of choice were true gods.

Of course, Luo Feng was an exception. Luo Feng had the inheritance from Duan Dong River, and he also had the inheritance from the World of Jin. (The Godly King of Jin had died, and with Luo Feng’s authority in the World of Jin, he could read all the inheritance he wanted.) He alone had two supreme inheritances, which would have made many great beings jealous—even within the ancient civilization.

Hong!

A gleaming golden spaceship appeared out of nowhere and flew toward the miniature universe like a streak of light. After seeing that golden spaceship, all the true gods, including Firefly True Master, were exhilarated.

“It’s Nine-Headed Devil Master.”

“It’s Nine-Headed Devil Master.”

“It’s the spaceship of Nine-Headed Devil Master.”

All the true gods were overjoyed, and Firefly True Master was elated. He swung his body and flew toward Nine-Headed Devil Master, yelling in excitement, “Nine-Headed Devil Master! I’ve been waiting for you!”

A towering being exited the spaceship. He had the body shape of a human being, and he was tall and built. However, on his neck were nine distinct heads, and each one looked ferocious. The head in the middle was larger than the other eight heads. All of them glanced toward the eight true gods. He was Nine-Headed Devil Master.

The natural appearance of Nine-Headed Devil Master was actually that of a strange beast with four hoofs and nine heads. However, after entering the World of Jin, he had found out that the creatures in the World of Jin were divided into tribal warriors and strange beasts. Since there were tribal warriors from the World of Jin who had nine heads, Nine-Headed Devil Master had altered his form into a humanoid shape.

“Nine-Headed Devil Master,” everyone greeted.

“I’ve talked to both Milky Way Horde Leader and Nine Remoteness True Mater.” Nine-Headed Devil Master stepped through space with large steps. He was rumbling, and all the other great beings shut up to carefully listen to him speak. He looked around. “They’re heading here from the original universe. Firefly True Master is from the first universe era, so his miniature universe is too far away. It might take him several days to arrive.”

“Devil Master,” said Firefly True Master anxiously, “by the time Milky Way Horde Leader and Nine Remoteness True Master get here, my miniature universe may have already crumbled, and even if it hasn’t, the origin might be dried out already.”

“You’ve already told me that, Firefly True Master,” said Nine-Headed Devil Master solemnly. “This Sector Beast is indeed able to swallow the origin of a miniature universe quickly. It’s been only eight days… If your miniature universe was any farther away, even I might not have been able to make it.”

All the other universe masters present nodded seriously.

“The First True Master also said that the Sector Beast is indeed dangerous, and the worst-case scenario, there might be more than one at a time.” It was a true god from Divine Eye race with a single-eyed phantom who was talking. There were two true gods from Divine Eye clan there at the moment.

“That’s right, I’ve talked to Divine Eye as well.” Nine-Headed Devil Master nodded.

“Devil Master… If we wait any longer, I—I…” Firefly True Master was exceedingly worried, and the universe masters behind him were also gazing expectantly at Nine-Headed Devil Master. They didn’t have a say in any of this.

Nine-Headed Devil Master nodded. “Relax. Milky Way and Nine Remoteness can’t make it in time, but we can’t wait any longer. We need to strike now… Theoretically, there’s still a long time before this universe era ends, so this Sector Beast shouldn’t be very powerful. If we cooperate, we can deal with it. And even if we can’t, we can at least survive that Sector Beast.”

Everyone agreed. Yes. Nine-Headed Devil Master was one of the eight great overlords. Even Illusion Heart True God and Divine Eye True Master could survive the nest of Sector Beasts, not to mention Nine-Headed Devil Master.

“I’ll fight the Sector Beast first,” said Nine-Headed Devil Master. “I’ll fight it so that it isn’t able to swallow the origin of the miniature universe. In that way, I can stall time. When Nine Remoteness and Milky Way get here, we can kill it with one shot.”

“Yes.”

“Sounds great.”

“We just need to stall time, and when Nine Remoteness True Master and Milky Way Horde Leader get here, we’ll definitely win.” The assembled true gods weren’t afraid at all now.

Nine-Headed Devil Master nodded. “Okay. Let’s act together. However, Firefly True Master, you’ll be the vanguard.”

“Vanguard?” Firefly True Master, whose face was covered with wrinkles, appeared dazed.

“This is your miniature universe. Do you expect other great beings to attack first?” Nine-Headed Devil Master turned around and looked at him. “If you don’t want to do it, we can just wait here and let your miniature universe be eaten by that Sector Beast… We can wait until Milky Way and Nine Remoteness get here. It’s safest to make attacks together.”

Firefly True Master said instantly, “I’ll be the vanguard.”

“Okay, let’s go!” Nine-Headed Devil Master said directly.

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Everyone was taking a supreme true treasure palace, and only those from the same race—like the two true gods from Divine Eye clan— shared a supreme true treasure palace. As for those who were from different races, they all sat in their own palaces.

With Nine-Headed Devil Master in the lead, they all teleported together.

The Sector Beast with a golden body and a tail was extending curves from its own body toward space, swallowing the universe origin. Sector Beast Morosa was quite relaxed.

“Huh?”

Suddenly, Sector Beast Morosa was startled. The area covered by its inherited technique could sense that a team was charging toward him, and the team was composed of nine great beings.

“Finally?” Sector Beast Morosa’s eyes glinted ferociously. “I thought they were weak, but it seems they’re as powerful as my two slaves. Just come. I haven’t eaten any lives from Universe Ocean.”

Suddenly, all the supreme true treasure palaces showed up, and the space condensed. Apparently, the space was sealed. Nobody could teleport to flee.

Chapter 1418

Nine-Headed Devil Master let the group of true gods and arrived at where the Sector Beasts resided. They spotted the giant, golden being with a single glance.

“Is that a Sector Beast?” Nine-Headed Devil Master, Blood Orchid Ancestor, and the other true gods were all careful.

“Hahaha…” Traces of bent light shot out of the Sector Beast in the distance, penetrated space. At the same time, it started to guffaw, and its voice echoed the entire space. “Are you the true gods from Universe Ocean? And you’re here to kill me?”

Nine-Headed Devil Master and other true gods, standing opposite it, were on high alert.

“Firefly True Master!” yelled Nine-Headed Devil Master, transmitting his voice. “You go first!”

Firefly True Master was reluctant to do so, but he didn’t have a choice. After all, it was his miniature universe origin that was being swallowed.

Hong!

Firefly True Master drove a spaceship and rushed toward that giant Sector Beast in the distance.

“Sector Beast, you’re not staying in your nest. Instead, you came out and you’re trying to swallow my miniature universe? I’ll kill you!” Firefly True Master was yelling furiously, and the voice was rumbling. At the same time, the spaceship became a gleaming streak of light, launching itself to strike Sector Beast Morosa in the distance. Yet Sector Beast Morosa didn’t even try to dodge it.

Peng!

The front of the spaceship hit the body of Sector Beast Morosa. Its body caved in, but it immediately recovered and smacked the spaceship away.

“You are the owner of the miniature universe I am swallowing?” Sector Beast Morosa giggled. “Poor food. You don’t even dare to come out and fight me?”

“Firefly True Master!” Nine-Headed Devil Master in the distance sent a message through the communications token in his head. “What are you waiting for?”

He had asked Firefly True Master to be the vanguard because he wanted to test the power of this Sector Beast. If he kept hiding in his spaceship, he would indeed stay safe, but it would be impossible to test the real power of the Sector Beast.

That message made Firefly True Master both fearful and enraged. He looked at Sector Beast Morosa out there, and his eyes produced fire! He was full of resentment. Everything that was happening now was because of this Sector Beast!

“Sector Beast, you deserve to die!” Firefly True Master roared.

Hua!

His body swung and flew out of the spaceship instantly. His body was long and wriggling, and it had hundreds of hoofs. Each hoof was sharp—clearly intended to be weapons. It had also prepared true god level valuables that were suitable to it so that it could wield its pinnacle power.

Hong!

Godly power burning technique!

Hong!

Dimming white light surrounded the area. It was a domain-type supreme true treasure!

“Die!” Firefly True Master had lost his mind, and at this moment, a blurry but ferocious phantom appeared in the space around him. He raced toward Sector Beast Morosa.

“Haha…” Sector Beast Morosa guffawed.

Suddenly, a raging and terrifying soul attack penetrated the body of Firefly True Master. The powerful attack made Firefly True Master howl, and the attack it had been planning to unless was disrupted. Sector Beast Morosa was still guffawing. Suddenly, long arms extended from its body. Dozens of arms extending from its body, and they all slapped at Firefly True Master.

Although Firefly True Master howled, he was able to bear the pain, and he raced toward those arms. Each hoof on its body was a terrific weapon, and his claws tore the space apart, containing endless power.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The arms of Sector Beast Morosa and the hoofs of Firefly True Master were striking against each other. The fight was a nail-biter.

Huh? Nine-Headed Devil Master thought. Firefly True Master is only at a slight disadvantage?

The other true gods all started to transmit their voices. “Compared to other true gods in Universe Ocean, Firefly True Master is only mediocre. However, he’s only slightly weaker than that Sector Beast.”

“Not surprising, actually. The original mind said that true gods were able to fight Sector Beasts. Although Firefly True Master doesn’t have a machine-type valuable, he has a soul-type supreme true treasure, a supreme true treasure armor, and a domain-type supreme true treasure. When it comes to close combat, he’s much better than Eye Devil God. Besides, Eye Devil God and Illusion Heart True God were attacked by three Sector Beasts at the same time, but we’re only facing one Sector Beast right now.”

“That’s right. The Sector Beasts are trying to swallow each other in their nest. Some must be stronger than others. This Sector Beast who got out might be a weaker one.”

All the true gods relieved. Of course, deep down, they were still on high alert.

“How? Firefly True Master!” Nine-Headed Devil Master transmitted his voice. “All true gods, act together. Don’t be reckless. Help each other out. Let’s kill this Sector Beast together.”

“Okay!”

“Let’s act together!”

When the other true gods heard the order, they didn’t try to run away from it. They had already had so many true gods acting at the same time, and before, Illusion Heart True God and Eye Devil God had acted together. They were only two beings. Now, there were nine of them, and Nine-Headed Devil Master was here to lead them. They had nothing to fear!

“Kill!”

“Let’s go kill that Sector Beast!”

All at once, those eight true gods, including Nine-Headed Devil Master, charged at the Sector Beast like streaks of light. In the distance, Firefly True Master, who was fighting Sector Beast Morosa, was also exhilarated.

“Let’s cooperate and kill that Sector Beast!” he said.

A door with dimming white light opened in space. The door opened gradually, and a black thread shot out of that door, reaching right at the front of Sector Beast Morosa.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Two traces of golden light showed up in space, and the two traces of golden light intertwined with each other. They were like scissors, cutting everything in their path, and they rocketing toward Sector Beast Morosa.

Bloody flowers also showed up, and they all flew toward Sector Beast Morosa, trying to envelop it. Invisible soul attacks also shot toward it.

As all the true gods flew toward the Sector Beast, they performed some long-distance techniques, attacking Sector Beast Morosa.

“Ah!” That Sector Beast Morosa was attacked by many true gods at the same time, and it howled. The golden armor formed by its energies was already eroded, and bubbles formed on the armor. Its own strength was resisting the godly power, and they were annihilating each other.

Sector Beast Morosa looked around. It blasted Firefly True Master away, who was striking at him, and then it bellowed, “You’ve infuriated me! You are food, and you should realize that you’re no better than food!”

“Kill it!”

“Kill!”

The true gods ignored Sector Beast Morosa, but at the same time, they couldn’t help but think that this Sector Beast was a moron. It was a being who represented destruction from birth, so they couldn’t underestimate it—not even a little bit. They were all trying their best to attack the Sector Beast. However, Nine-Headed Devil Master opted to observe it instead of wielding his power.

“Die!”

“Sector Beast, you die!”

All the true gods surrounded the Sector Beast and performed their techniques.

Blood Orchid Ancestor was the most powerful out of all the true gods. Blood Orchid Ancestor had an enormous godly body, and one vine after another extended from its body. On each of the vines was flowing black light, which came from a set of machine type valuables she had obtained from the World of Jin that perfectly fit her techniques. Those vines with black light all extended toward Sector Beast Morosa, seeking to wind around it.

Close combat, distant attacks, and binding… Sector Beast Morosa felt that it couldn’t resist the surrounding true gods any longer.

I originally wanted to conceal my power and tempt all those true gods, thought Sector Beast Morosa, but I didn’t realize that they were all so powerful.

Sector Beast Morosa was stunned that it had been encircled like this. Apparently, Blood Orchid Ancestor and the others were much more powerful than Firefly True Master.

Sector Beast Morosa went mad. It was surrounded by eight true gods.

The most power true god, Nine-Headed Devil Master, was observing that Sector Beast.

“It’s indeed powerful,” said Nine-Headed Devil Master, thrilled. “It’s being encircled by eight true gods, yet it’s only at a slight disadvantage. Even compared to the eight great overlords in Universe Ocean, it is only slightly weaker. If those Sector Beasts keep getting stronger, in the future, none of us other than Luo Feng will be able to rival these Sector Beasts. Let’s kill it first.”

Nine-Headed Devil Master finally started to wield his power after observing the Sector Beast for a while.

All nine heads of Nine-Headed Devil Master raged. The nine faces produced a series of strange yet distinct voices, each one yelling furiously. All of a sudden, another twisted portal in space, and all nine twisted portals intertwined with each other. The intertwined portals formed a peculiar picture, which extended toward Sector Beast Morosa.

“Die, Sector Beast!” After a furious roar, light emerging from the entire body of Nine-Headed Devil Master. His whole body turned purple; this effect came from a machine-type valuable.

The peculiar picture formed by those nine twisted portals arrived at Sector Beast Morosa. This drove Sector Beast Morosa crazy. It suddenly raised its head—and it opened its mouth!

No sound came from the Sector Beast. However, that soundless scream pierced directly into the soul of every true god encircling it. Even Nine-Headed Devil Master, who was trying to rush toward it, paused midway. As for the other eight true gods, they all displayed pangs of torment. Even though they were in agony, six of them were still able to barely resist it, but two howled under the invisible attack and could no longer concentrate on fighting the Sector Beast.

“Food is supposed to stay food.” Sector best Morosa turned around and glared at Firefly True Master.

Hua!

Those curves emanating from Sector Beast Morosa suddenly turned around and raced toward Firefly True Master. They suddenly converged and gathered, enveloping Firefly True Master like a cocoon.

Chapter 1419 - The

Reluctance to Kill

Streaks of distorted rays of light entangled with one another as they surrounded Firefly True Master, forming a cocoon around him. The cocoon released a black fog.

“Ah!”

Within the cocoon, Firefly True Master was struggling like mad, causing the cocoon to suddenly balloon up. Then, without warning, another spot bulged out, and the bulging of the cocoon at random spots continued successively while the black fog became all the more pervasive, increasingly spreading outward.

“Save Firefly True Master!” roared an infuriated Nine-Headed Demon Master. At the same time, he was blazing up his godly power rapidly to its limit. Then he transformed into an incomparably dazzling golden light and directly charged at the Sector Beast, Morosa.

Sector Beast Morosa also knew that this Nine-Headed Demon Master was not to be trifled with. He was one of the eight great overlords of Universe Ocean. Once again, it opened its mouth. Soundlessly…

Wa!

The soundless scream was only directed at Nine-Headed Demon Master. Nine-Headed Demon Master was momentarily stunned but recovered fast enough to continue charging toward Morosa. As one of the eight great overlords, his willpower certainly was not his shortcoming. He might not have been Luo Feng’s equivalent, but his willpower had also reached the ultimate limit of a true god of void space. Receiving the impact of the soundless scream, he undoubtedly felt a sharp pain, but he was able to endure its intensity.

“Sector Beast!” Nine-Headed Demon Master’s hands sported sharp, golden claws. The pair of sharp claws was an automaton-type treasure. “Tear!”

Nine-Headed Demon Master roared. Suddenly, the pair of sharp claws acting as his hands expanded and became a pair of sharp claws one million kilometers long. Tearing through the void space and moving along a mysterious trajectory, the sharp claws connected with one another. At that moment, the entire void space seemed to be divided into two sides, one black and the other white. Its sharp claws manipulated these two different sides of void space and descended directly upon where the Sector Beast Morosa was.

“Scram,” said Morosa. Two of the Sector Beast’s palms suddenly surfaced into view, and rapidly, they expanded and grew bigger.

Hong! Long!

The pair of golden claws instantly crashed into those palms. Right away, it grabbed Sector Beast Morosa’s body and suddenly tried to tear it apart!

Hua!

This tearing move was the essence of Nine-Headed Demon Master’s attack. Yet Sector Beast Morosa’s body was like rubber. Even though it was being pulled outward—to a length of ten million kilometers—it was still not torn apart.

The elongated Sector Beast angrily roared, “You are Nine-Headed Demon Master? As expected, you are much stronger than the other fools, but it’s still pointless. You can’t kill me!”

“Save me! Save me!”

From afar, the gigantic cocoon of black fog was emerging into view. The consistent bulging was still very apparent, as Firefly True Master was still struggling like mad from the inside. At the same time, he was relying on a domain-type supreme true treasure for voice transmission.

“All of you, attack that black fog cocoon!” Nine-Headed Demon Master shouted his orders via voice transmission.

“All right!”

“Leave it to us.”

The other seven true gods, upon hearing his orders, immediately attacked the black fog cocoon in a frenzied manner. All at once, the cocoon was bombarded by all sorts of moves. Yet it was tenacious. Every time it was bombarded, the force would only be enough to either cause a temporary dent on the cocoon or cause it to become elongated; there was simply no way it could be torn apart.

Also, the streaks of black light rays from the black fog cocoon were connected to the faraway Sector Beast, Morosa. Morosa was in the midst of maintaining the existence of the cocoon. Thus, the power he had will not be able to

The seven true gods were anxious yet helpless.

“Nine-Headed Demon Master, this black fog silk cocoon can annihilate our godly power like mad, and it is incomparably tenacious. That Sector Beast must be providing it with power, and that power is continuously counteracting against us… There is no way we can tear apart that cocoon.”

“There is no way we can attack it to break it apart from the outside. Maybe it is easier from inside.”

“Break!”

Within the black fog cocoon, Firefly True Master was roaring crazily.

Hong!

The cocoon suddenly expanded. It continued to expand until it was expanded to over ten times its original size, and internally, Firefly True Master was apparently going crazy and hysterical. But there was still no way he could break out of that cocoon.

Firefly True Master anxiously transmitted a voice message. “Everyone, it is swallowing my godly power like crazy. Continuously absorbing, and its energy level is not reducing but, on the contrary, increasing! However, I am doing my best to resist, burning up my godly power to resist it. It needed to use its strength to suppress mine, and we were trying to annihilate one another. Previously, when you were all attacking this black fog cocoon from the outside, I felt that its resistance was obviously weakened… All of you should continue to attack. Attack this black fog cocoon! It has limited tolerance. There is no need to use other ways because the other ways will not produce much effect. So long as we use our godly power and try our best to make it use up its power so that it is unable to replenish its supply of godly power in time, we will be able to cause this black fog cocoon to collapse.”

Everyone outside, including Nine-Headed Demon Master, all felt that his reasoning made sense. Godly power was very important to every true god. With the help of an automaton type treasure, a true god’s godly power could unleash hundreds and thousands of bouts of combat power. If they had directly used their godly power to get their opponent to use up its power, then they would be wasting their godly power. For true gods with smaller bodies, this would be a just cause for hesitation.

“Let’s work on using up its power.” Nine-Headed Demon Master ordered.

“All right.” Blood Orchid Ancestor was the first to receive the orders.

A tremendous amount of flowers and vines extended out to ensnare the cocoon in a frenzied manner as Blood Orchid Ancestor launched her attacks with a great deal of godly power.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Like a pair of red-hot tongs being dunked in water, the reaction between the godly powers and the black fog cocoon was sudden and volatile. Both sides tried madly to consume one another.

Hong!

Within the black fog cocoon, Firefly True Master was also doing his best to put up a resistance. He transmitted a voice message in a most anxious tone: “Everyone, altogether. Let’s try our best together! So long as we can wear it out, the cocoon will break. I just need a moment to achieve this!”

The other true gods, who were feeling hesitant, looked at one another. Then, with gritted teeth, they released their godly powers together in a mighty manner. Without further ado, they charged toward the black fog cocoon.

Hong!

Internally and externally, the eight great true masters combined their efforts. All their godly powers combined to deal a mighty attack. Suddenly, the numerous streaks of distorted light rays that were scattered and spread all over the place by Sector Beast Morosa all converged to surround the black fog cocoon. At that moment, there was no longer a single light ray penetrating the void space. All of these rays were now surrounding the black fog cocoon, as if in preparation for a full-scale attack.

Peng!

Mere seconds later, the black fog cocoon split open with a loud rumble. Firefly True Master dashed way out, looking like a very sorry sight.

“Hahaha…!” Firefly True Master laughed, pleasantly surprised.

Then his delight turned into fear. His godly power had already been used up by as much as 70 percent. That black fog cocoon was absorbing it at a rate that was much too fast.

Peng! Hong!

In the distance, Sector Beast Morosa and Nine-Headed Demon Master were engaged in heated crossfire. Nine-Headed Demon Master was relying on a pair of golden automaton type huge claws that could place Sector Beast Morosa under complete suppression. However, Morosa was also executing a soundless soul attack, which allowed it to easily evade Nine-Headed Demon Master’s attacks.

“Firefly True Master?” Sector Beast Morosa turned back and looked toward Firefly True Master. With a hideous smile, he said, “I had intended to devour you. Who would have expected you to make a successful escape? In that case, you can meet your doom right away.”

Sector Beast Morosa’s body suddenly shook and vibrated.

Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua! Hua!

The numerous distorted light rays that were scattered all over the place when the black fog cocoon had shattered suddenly lit brightly and transformed into dazzling black rays. These rays were no longer distorted as they gathered to form a black, shining column! This black column of light charged toward Firefly True Master so quickly that he was given no chance of escape.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

To the naked eye, it would have appeared that Firefly True Master’s body was gradually disappearing, part by part.

What incredible annihilation! Two opposing powers at that moment were annihilating one another. It was an eye for an eye; killing 1,000 of the enemy would mean incurring a personal loss of 1,000! Yet the Sector Beast, Morosa, could afford to fight on… Earlier, it had already devoured a large portion of Firefly True Master’s godly power, so devouring more than half of the origin of a miniature universe was hardly worth a mention. However, it could not digest the godly power fast enough to transform it into its own power, which was why it had to temporarily store it. Undoubtedly, it was not afraid of using up its godly power.

“No!” Firefly True Master said, attempting to fly toward its battleship.

Greatly shocked, Blood Orchid Ancestor manipulated her vines as she attempted to block the black column of light. She wanted to help build a stronger resistance.

Nine-Headed Demon Master was greatly taken aback. “Stop!”

The rate of annihilation was simply too fast. The black column of light collided with Firefly True Master, causing his body to disappear part by part. Just as the various other parties were about to intervene, Sector Beast Morosa raised its head and let out another soundless attack. This time, every single true god was affected. The one who suffered the smallest impact was Nine-Headed Demon Master, who happened to be the furthest away from Firefly True Master.

“No, no, no…” Firefly True Master tried his best to fly toward the battleship. So long as he could make his way into the ship, he would be safe.

Suddenly, that black column of light started to move and flow. The instantaneous flowing movement gave form to a black, foggy cocoon. It once again enshrouded Firefly True Master, preventing him from escaping.

“Break open!” said Blood Orchid Ancestor as her crimson vine flowers finally flew over.

Hua!

The cocoon vanished into thin air, and Firefly True Master disappeared with it. What was left behind were some treasures, like weapons and armor, that floated in the void space.

Far off in the distance, Nine-Headed Demon Master and Blood Orchid Ancestor were all shocked. Firefly True Master had been annihilated?

Hong! Long! Long!

The entire miniature universe started to vibrate. Cracks formed within space as it began to collapse.

Every living soul that belonged to this miniature universe—from universe masters of the Firefly clan to universe knights, undying fighters, and ordinary living souls—were annihilated in the blink of an eye.

In the void space, Sector Beast Morosa felt neither joy nor anger.

“Disappeared? Disappeared? Killing that Firefly True Master, the origin of his miniature universe actually disintegrated and returned back to Universe Ocean? My delicious meal! Oh, my delicious fare! If I had known, I would never have killed that Firefly True Master.” Regret! Sector Beast Morosa sorely regretted his actions. Devouring the origin of a miniature universe would allow him to absorb a tremendous amount of energy—even more than devouring ten true gods! Yet, by killing Firefly True Master, the origin of Firefly True Master’s miniature universe had collapsed right away to retreat back to Universe Ocean. There was no way he could get hold of it.

“Sector Beast!” Nine-Headed Demon Master and company went crazy with rage as they besieged Sector Beast and started to rain attacks down on him like mad.

“If I kill another true god, won’t I be destroying another miniature universe? That was my meal…!” Sector Beast Morosa was reluctant to kill another true god, so he turned to flee. “I would rather feed on the origin of the miniature universe first, then kill the true god later! Now is not the time to kill them.”

Sector Beast Morosa turned to make its escape.

“You want to escape?”

Nine-Headed Demon Master and the other true gods persisted in attacking it and blocking off all possible routes of escape. This infuriated Sector Beast Morosa. As the surrounding void space had been frozen, there was simply no way it could teleport. By relying on flying alone, would it be able to escape from their clutches at all? Nine-Headed Demon Master and company could follow it wherever it went. There was no escape.

Star Tower was advancing amid the chaotic airflow within void space. Luo Feng, clothed in his white robe, held onto a transmission token.

Nine-Headed Demon Master transmitted the news. “Milky Way, Firefly True Master is dead. However, we are no longer taking any chances. The Sector Beast is trying to escape now, but the surrounding time and space are frozen. It is not possible for it to escape! Milky Way, we can suppress it, but killing it would cost us dearly. Who knows? We might see another one or two true gods annihilated. This is why we did not force it into a corner. We only tried our best to ensure that it could not escape. Also, we tried as hard as we could to stall for more time until you and Nine Remoteness could arrive.”

“Great,” Luo Feng replied. “How did Firefly Master die? Even with all of you around, it actually managed to kill a true god?”

From where Nine-Headed Demon Master was, there was silence. No news at all.

A short moment later, a piece of news arrived: “Milky Way, the Sector Beast! The Sector Beast… has escaped!”

Chapter 1420 - Panic-Stricken

On the third day after the Sector Beast fled and disappeared, Luo Feng, Nine-Headed Devil Master, and Blood Orchid Ancestor met in the chaos space in Universe Ocean. As for the other true gods, they all went back to their miniature universes.

“Devil Master, Blood Orchid,” Luo Feng said, standing in space. Nine Remoteness True Master stood beside him, while Fire Dome True God and Hong were standing behind him.

“What happened?” said Nine Remoteness True Master anxiously. “Nine-Headed Remoteness Master, you said that you sealed the space, and all of you eight true gods were encircling him. Under sealed space, even teleportation is strictly prohibited. How did that Sector Beast get away so quickly without any problem?”

Luo Feng also looked at Nine-Headed Devil Master, confused. When they had been talking with Nine-Headed Devil Master through the communications token, Nine-Headed Devil Master had said that it was difficult to talk about it through the communications token. He needed to talk with them face-to-face.

“No need to rush.” All nine faces on Nine-Headed Devil Master looked solemn. “Ever since that fight against the Sector Beast, I’ve been thinking about the fight, and I’ve talked with Blood Orchid. I’ve discovered something strange. I’ll tell you one by one now.”

Beside him, Blood Orchid Ancestor nodded in agreement.

Luo Feng, Nine Remoteness Master, Fire Dome True God, and Hong were all listening.

“Normally, Sector Beasts are not powerful,” said Nine-Headed Devil Master. “The power of that Sector Beast is slightly stronger than Blood Orchid and slightly weaker than me. However… that Sector Beast has some special skills. Firstly, it’s able to swallow the origin of a miniature universe. Based on our estimation, it would take it around eight days to completely swallow the origin of a miniature universe! Of course, when engaged in a fight, a Sector Beast wouldn’t be able to swallow the origin anymore. This swallowing technique is one of the special skills Sector Beasts have. Secondly, those circuitous curves it emits… In addition to swallowing the origin of a miniature universe, they can also swallow true gods!”

Hua…!

His godly power immediately simulated the previous fighting scene in space. The black mist cocoon completely enveloped Firefly True Master, and no matter how Firefly True Master struggled, he couldn’t break it to get away.

“Look,” said Nine-Headed Devil Master. “Inside that black mist cocoon, the godly power of Firefly True Master was constantly being devoured… It didn’t matter how he tried to resist. The burning godly power of Firefly True Master was still neutralized by the power contained in that black mist cocoon. Other true gods also tried to help, but they couldn’t break the black mist cocoon at all. In the end, Blood Orchid helped…”

Blood Orchid Ancestor nodded. “That’s right. Other true gods and I gave up on weapon-based attacks and used our godly power to sweep across the cocoon. We used our godly power to consume it. That’s how we broke the cocoon. Clearly, if there were only one or two true gods present, if one was trapped by that Sector Beast, they wouldn’t stand a chance of getting back into a palace true treasure. The black mist cocoon can change its size however it wants and would just keep trapping the true gods. That Sector Beast wouldn’t give you a chance.”

Luo Feng, Nine Remoteness True Master, Hong, and Fire Dome all looked sullen. If one true god encountered a Sector Beast, he wouldn’t stand a chance of surviving!

“In my opinion,” said Nine-Headed Devil Master, “weapons can still work on that black mist cocoon, but the weapons we used are not strong enough. Otherwise, that Sector Beast would’ve used that technique to trap me. I posed the biggest threat. Instead, it trapped Firefly True Master, who is weaker.”

“Yes.”

“That’s right.”

Luo Feng and the others all nodded.

“However, we still have to take that technique of Sector Beasts, black mist cocoon, seriously.” Nine-Headed Devil Master then turned toward space, and the displayed scenes changed. The traces of black light all became black pillars and rushed toward Firefly True Master, consuming the body of Firefly True Master bit by bit. “After the black mist cocoon was broken, they quickly turned into black pillars and started to erode the body of Firefly True Master! When he was trying to get back to the spaceship and we were trying to slow down the Sector Beast, the Sector Beast used soul attacks to affect us while those black pillars were eroding Firefly True Master. However, when Firefly True Master had almost reached the spaceship, the black pillar suddenly became the black mist cocoon and immediately enveloped Firefly True Master. Soon after that, Firefly True Master was dead.” Nine-Headed Devil Master stepped aside, looking solemn. “Apparently, the black light pillar can turn into a black mist cocoon at any time! Even if Firefly True Master had carried his spaceship with him, the black light would’ve immediately turned into a black mist cocoon.”

Luo Feng, Nine Remoteness and the others all went silent. It was indeed scary. From cocoon to light pillars to cocoon again—Sector Beasts could keep this cycle up forever, and nobody could even run away.

“This is their scariest move! Endless binding and erosion!” said Nine-Headed Devil Master solemnly. “But thirdly, it has incredible soul attack skills. Once they are performed, under such soul attacks, those with true-god level willpower will be in such agony that they won’t be able to attack anymore. Only those at the level of a true god of void space could stay conscious, but their power would still be reduced. Only those at limit void space level could withstand it easily. And now we need to talk about its escape skills.” Nine-Headed Devil Master pointed at the space beside him. “Just watch for yourselves.”

A scene appeared in the space beside them. The giant Sector Beast Morosa howled, after which, an image with a black edge and golden surface showed up all over its body. 99 engravings showed up, and after a sound—hong—the body of Sector Beast Morosa suddenly split into 99 streaks of light that swiftly flew in different directions.

The speed immediately surged. 1,000 times faster than light speed, 10,000 times faster than light speed.

“In that time…” Nine-Headed Devil Master sighed. “None of us eight true gods dared to completely separate because we feared that it would attack us one by one, which is why we were divided into two teams. One was myself, the others were other seven, led by Blood Orchid. We chased two of the lights. We kept chasing them, but they both suddenly disappeared after a short while. The Sector Beast disappeared just like that.”

Both Nine-Headed Devil Master and Blood Orchid shook their heads, looking hopeless. Luo Feng appeared at a loss. A body separated into 99 parts? And two of them vanished?

“The body was disintegrated.” Luo Feng frowned. “Once they escape, each part of the body can be the main body. The other 98 parts can then dissipate and gather back together with that main part, becoming the Sector Beast.”

“We think likewise. How are we supposed to kill it if it can use that move?” Nine-Headed Devil Master frowned.

Nine Remoteness Master also shook his head. “Too difficult.”

Everyone was anxious.

Hong, who had been silent, suddenly said, “It’s not that easy, everyone… It has such incredible escape skills, but why did it fly away right after killing Firefly True Master? Nine-Headed Devil Master could only suppress it. It could have killed however it pleased. Why didn’t it keep fighting?”

“That’s right.” Nine-Headed Devil Master nodded. “We thought about it after that, and we were also confused by this. Everything seemed to be under its control. It could’ve certainly killed another true god with its skill black mist cocoon. However, it immediately left after killing Firefly True Master.”

Blood Orchid Ancestor added, “I’ve talked with Devil Master also, and we thought that the skills the Sector Beast performed weren’t all the skills it has.”

Luo Feng, Hong, Fire Dome, and Nine Remoteness all looked dazed.

Nine-Headed Devil Master was also worried. “It doesn’t have powerful fighting skills, but it has all sorts of other special skills. Black mist cocoon, black light, soul attacks, and escape—and these are just the skills it has demonstrated. It was pushed to despair by us, so it might still have some techniques it hasn’t used.”

Luo Feng and the others all nodded. It was a habit common among great beings; they would intentionally hide their trump cards unless it was a crucial moment.

Sector Beasts were terrifying creatures bred in Universe Ocean that represented destruction. They could tell that the Sector Beast had only treated this event as a trial, and it hadn’t really been driven to despair. It was likely that it still had some special techniques.

“No wonder the original mind attached great importance to it,” said Luo Feng. “One Sector Beast is already so difficult to deal with, and this is only one of them! There are many more in the nest of the Sector Beasts…”

Everyone was heavy-hearted.

“The problem is, we don’t know what other skills it has,” said Nine-Headed Devil Master worriedly.

In the space of Universe Ocean, the golden Sector Beast Morosa lay within the chaos air. It breathed it in, looking more relaxed than ever.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Black light flowed across its body.

Wa!

“I had such a great meal. I haven’t even finished the origin of a small universe yet, but I felt that I’ve already had a lot. It feels much better than eating ten true gods.” Sector Beast Morosa was satisfied. “Every time after I swallow a miniature universe, my power will be improved, so if I keep swallowing those origins, I should become stronger than Bei Di. And after that, I’ll swallow all the other Sector Beasts. Then I can become the one true king of Sector Beasts!”

Sector Beast Morosa was expectant. Currently, it was trying to convert those energies into its own at its leisure.

The entire Universe Ocean was panic-stricken.

A Sector Beast had suddenly appeared, and it had killed Firefly True Master while surrounded by nine true gods led by Nine-Headed Devil Master. Then it had run away as if nothing had happened. Besides, it had been able to complete swallowing the origin of a miniature universe in only eight days, which frightened all the powers in Universe Ocean. After all, it would usually take Luo Feng and the other seven great overlords a long time to get to a miniature universe.

Now that the Sector Beast had disappeared, nobody knew when it would show up again, and no one could say for sure that he wouldn’t be the next Firefly True Master.

“We’ll separate into eight teams, and once that Sector Beast shows up, at least one of us can arrive in time. Milky Way has two bodies, so he’ll be responsible for two areas.”

“Many true gods from the original universe will also come out.”

“We should remain well-prepared all the time.”

“Once that Sector Beast shows up, we’ll get there and kill it all at once.”

Chapter 1421 - Reappearance

The entire Universe Ocean was panic-stricken. All three bodies of Luo Feng, Golden Horned Beast body, Remote Ocean body, and Mosha body had left the original universe, and they were separated into two teams. Remote Ocean body and Mosha body were on the same team, carrying Star Tower, Shi Wu Wing, and other precious valuables. They were absolutely sturdy.

As for Golden Horned Beast, it was a single team. It was only carrying some machine-type valuables and soul-type supreme true treasures, which were not important to Luo Feng. These two teams were responsible for two areas in Universe Ocean!

Clearly, Luo Feng was fully prepared. Once the Sector Beast appeared in an area near the original universe, Golden Horned Beast body would immediately disintegrate, and endless Remote Ocean body would make one body again!

In the Milky Way dimension set up in the virtual universe, stars were twinkling, and palaces were floating. There were human great beings standing on the square in front of the palace with veneration, and Luo Feng stood directly in front of them.

“Teacher,” all the human great beings said respectfully.

Luo Feng took a look and said, “Sit down.”

All those peerless geniuses from different periods and different clans sat down. Luo Feng looked at those disciples of his and exclaimed. In the past trillion eras, many geniuses had emerged, as there were lots of different clans within the human race. Primal Chaos City Leader had over 20 disciples, and Luo Feng had 16 disciples. Luo Zhen Ni and Fire Dome were the first and second disciple.

Among the 16 disciples, there were 13 universe masters, two universe knights, and one true god!

Luo Feng looked up and said calmly, “Ask me anything you want.”

Luo Feng was instructing his disciples, but mostly, he allowed his disciples to learn by themselves. When his disciples were confused and couldn’t make any improvements, Luo Feng would teach them. For every long period of time, Luo Feng would teach his disciples a bit. The so-called teaching meant Luo Feng would answer his disciples’ questions when they were confused.

“Teacher, I use gold and fire as my foundation and space and time as my subsidiary,” said a disciple with wings and a pointy nose sitting down there. It was the ninth disciple of Luo Feng, Chen He. “I tried to create a level-six technique. However, no matter how hard I tried, I wasn’t able to do it.”

Luo Feng nodded. “Show me all that you can perform, and tell me where you find it difficult to improve.’

“Yes,” answered ninth disciple Chen He respectfully.

Chen He then turned around and looked to the space in the distance. He waved his hand, and a giant shield appeared in his hands. He threw it out and—hua—the shield floating in space suddenly changed its shape and turned into a giant blade, tearing space apart, piercing toward the distance! Everywhere it passed by, there was a strange beast engulfed in golden flames roaring. The time and space were completely frozen, and everything it touched was burned to the ground. Even several stars in the distance were destroyed.

“Top-tier level five.” Luo Feng nodded.

“No matter how hard I try, I can’t improve it a little bit,” said ninth disciple Chen He respectfully.

Luo Feng nodded. “I have watched the techniques you just performed, and I already know what you’re trying to accomplish… It’s a fundamental change from top-tier level five to level six, and it’s extremely difficult. Gold law and fire law are the two basic laws that can help and amplify each other, and their power is beyond your imagination. I’ll perform one technique, and you can comprehend it by yourself.”

Luo Feng pointed randomly. All of a sudden, a giant golden dragon showed up in the space in the distance. It looked as if it were made of gold. It whizzed past, and suddenly, from tail to head, the dragon turned into a burning red fire. The previous golden dragon was transformed into a red dragon.

Chen He stood there, dazed, pondering the move Luo Feng had just demonstrated.

“Next.” Luo Feng looked to other disciples.

Although Luo Feng hadn’t succeeded on the godly power path over the past trillion eras, he hadn’t just wasted such a long time. He would study other basic laws at the same time because Luo Feng understood that if a true god wanted to become a true god of void space, he’d better use the ten basic laws, gold, wood, water, fire, mud, space, time, wind, thunder and light as the foundation, so he had created Light of Water and Fire a trillion eras prior.

However, in the past trillion eras, under the time acceleration in the training space of the space of inheritance, Luo Feng carefully read the inheritance left by some of the supreme beings from the World of Jin in the ancient civilization, carefully studying the connections among the ten basic laws.

And now, Luo Feng was already an overachiever in the ten basic laws. He had created 83 top-tier level-seven techniques like Light of Water and Fire! And he had also created two level-eight techniques. As for top-tier level eight? He wasn’t able to create them no matter how hard he tried. Actually, Luo Feng should feel proud.

After all, the two supreme beings from Duan Dong River, including the three ancestral teachers, had only created one level-eight technique.

He had to be fully prepared and do his best. When Luo Feng became a true god, he would certainly experience a huge breakthrough in his power! In terms of basic laws, there was a large threshold between top-tier level five to level six, and there was a large threshold to level seven. There was an incredible threshold to level eight. Those who were able to create level-eight techniques in the ancient civilization were at least consecrated, as long as they were alive.

All 16 disciples were thrilled to be instructed by Luo Feng. After all, their teacher had achieved so much. Even true gods weren’t able to comprehend the basic laws so deeply and combine those basic laws however they wanted.

“Huh?”

Some of the conscious disciples noticed that.

“The Sector Beast showed up?”

“The Sector Beast showed up again?” The disciples sitting under there started to talk about it. Most of them were universe masters, so even if they couldn’t fight the Sector Beasts, they still knew about their information and news. The news started to be spread within the race, and right after Luo Feng learned about it, they knew it also.

Luo Feng frowned and yelled, “The lesson is over. Go back and comprehend carefully.”

They knew that Luo Feng wanted them to leave. The disciples all stood up, including those who were immersed in comprehension, woken up by their brother. They all saluted and thanked Luo Feng, after which they all left.

“It’s coming.”

Luo Feng stood on the square in front of the palace, looking at the stars in the distance. “It disappeared 30 years ago, and nobody was able to find it. It has now appeared again. However, you’re lucky that you showed up in the area guarded by Jue He True God, which is far from mine.”

Star Tower floated in the chaos space in Universe Ocean.

Other than Luo Feng, Hong and Fire Dome were also waiting in Star Tower. They were all waiting in silence.

“The Sector Beast has appeared.”

“We’ll go there now immediately,” said Luo Feng.

Hong and Fire Dome were expectant as well.

“It disappeared for a long time, and now, it finally showed up,” said Hong. “Where did it go during all this time?”

Fire Dome said worriedly, “I’m most afraid that there will be more than one Sector Beast.”

“For what it’s worth, we need to go first. Jue He True God will be there first, followed by Skeleton Master, and we’ll be there after that. It’ll take us three days to arrive.” Luo Feng felt like a fire was burning in his chest, and he longed to kill that Sector Beast.

Everyone in Universe Ocean was intimidated because of Sector Beasts.

Wu!

With its giant body and ferocious tail, Sector Beast Morosa was standing in the space, and there was black mist permeating from its body, emanating traces of tortuous light, and those traces of light extended and penetrated the space in the distance. They covered a miniature universe in the distance, and the gleaming light kept entering its body through those the light.

“So satisfying. I can finally eat it. So delicious and satisfying.” Sector Beast Morosa was exhilarated. “Hahaha, I only swallowed half of the miniature universe of that Firefly True Master last time, but it took me a while to completely absorb and transform that power. My power obviously improved swiftly. That goddamn Bei Di must be trying to eat other Sector Beasts. I must be improving my power faster than him.”

Sector Beast Morosa was eating the small universe at his leisure.

Time flew. Although a universe master had passed by and checked before, not one true god had come here.

“This is the miniature universe of someone called Rampaging Devil God.” Sector Beast Morosa looked into the distance at the contour of the miniature universe. “Rampaging Devil God is a relatively powerful true god in Universe Ocean. He’s stronger than Firefly True Master, and he can rival that Blood Orchid Ancestor. However, it’s still food to me.”

“He’s indeed a coward.”

“Perhaps they’re trying to gather other true gods, and those who are far away might spend ten days flying here. Those who are closer might take around two days, and after that, there will be a squad of true gods coming at me.” Sector Beast Morosa had learned about Universe Ocean from Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God. That was how they knew exactly how long it would take those true gods to arrive.

“Rampaging Devil God? You’re lucky today. Before finishing swallowing the origin of your miniature universe, I won’t kill you. It’s been a day since I swallowed the origin. It’s time for me to leave.”

Sector Beast Morosa smirked. Then…

Sou!

He teleported and disappeared.

Rampaging Devil God was staying outside the membrane of the miniature universe, looking anxious. No matter how puffed with pride and arrogance he was, he would still panic when facing Sector Beasts that were feared by the entire Universe Ocean.

“Sector Beasts, goddamn Sector Beasts. I can’t believe I’m the second one. I’m so unlucky. That Blood Orchid said I’d be the second Firefly True Master even after spending a long time with me in the black-striped stone pillars?” Rampaging Devil God was worried. “Come on! Come on! Jue He and Milky Way! Where are you guys? I’ll fight the Sector Beast myself if I have to.”

The six universe masters behind Rampaging Devil God were all special life forms.

“Devil God, last time, Universe Ocean wasn’t alerted. But this time, we’re all well-prepared, and Jue He True God is close. He’ll arrive in no time.”

“We’ll be able to kill that Sector Beast this time.”

“Devil God, please don’t take the risk.”

The universe masters knew clearly that this Rampaging Devil God was adventurous, so they were afraid that Rampaging Devil God would fight the Sector Beast and get killed. Then all of them would die.

“Huh? Why did it disappear?” Rampaging Devil God was dazed.

Chapter 1422 - Disaster

Amidst the void space of Universe Ocean, which was filled with chaotic airflow, a battleship was advancing. Inside it was “Jue He True God,” one of the eight great overlords. In another region of the same void space, a nine-story tower was also advancing. Both were heading toward the same destination: the miniature universe of Rampaging Devil God.

At the same time, many other great beings from Universe Ocean were also rushing over to the same destination.

Rampaging Devil God transmitted some information to the various true gods within Universe Ocean at the same time. “Jue He True God. Milky Way Horde Leader. Divine Eye True God. Nine-Headed Demon Master… Just a while ago, the devouring of my miniature universe origin ceased. I have also boarded my palace supreme true treasure and went out to take a look. The Sector Beast is nowhere to be found! It has disappeared!”

The news spread. True god great beings who had rushed over from various other places, as well as many other great beings who had yet to rush over, were shocked.

“Rampaging Devil God, you are saying that it vanished? How long has it been since it started devouring? It has only been a day, and yet, it has disappeared?”

(A “day,” in the context of the pulse of Earth, referred to a frequently used time unit; whereas, “day” in the context of Universe Ocean translated into Earth language would refer to a time conversion unit.)

Jue He True God was shocked. To devour an entire origin of a miniature universe would require eight to ten days. How much could it devour in just one day?

“Rampaging!” Nine-Headed Demon Master also transmitted his message with urgency. “After devouring for only one day, it disappeared? Could it be a true god is engaged in a war with it?”

“No!” Rampaging Devil God replied. “There isn’t a single great being at war with it.”

Divine Eye True Master was also trembling with unease. “It was not subjected to any attacks at all. It merely spent an entire day devouring the origin of a miniature universe. Then, without rhyme or reason, it vanished?”

“Yes,” Rampaging Devil God said confidently. “It disappeared just like that.”

Within the nine-story tower, Luo Feng originally still had a trace of a smile. When he received this piece of news, his expression instantly changed.

“Now… this spells big trouble,” Luo Feng said slowly.

By his side, Hong and Fire Dome also wore solemn expressions. There was no fooling around. Everyone could tell that this time around, the action plan of this Sector Beast contained an element of danger.

Hong said in a low voice, “After devouring the origin of the miniature universe for merely a day, it disappeared. Under a situation where there is no great being attacking it at all. From these facts, we can ascertain that it has disappeared voluntarily! If it is because of some special reason, for example, there are movements within the Sector Beasts’ nest that summoned it back. Thus, it needed to leave in a rush. If that is the case, we have nothing much to worry about… But if there isn’t any other factor and it just leaves, we can see that it has learned to be more prudent and more cautious.”

Luo Feng whispered in response, “True. If it devoured this miniature universe for one day—devoured the origin of this miniature universe for just one day—then in just a day’s time, how can we all make it over in time? There is simply no way we can lay siege around it to entrap it! This will make killing it an all the more challenging task.”

Fire Dome replied right away, “This time around, it devours for a day; next time, it may devour for another day. The same miniature universe, upon being devoured for up to seven or eight times… will most probably meet its end like that.”

Hong’s expression was awful. “This is even more terrifying than staring at a miniature universe being continuously eaten away.”

“No rush,” said Luo Feng with a frown. “Let’s wait and see. See what its next step will be! From the next step it takes, we can ascertain… that whether it was acting as such for unique reasons. That would mean it will only do this occasionally. If not, it perhaps has intentions to do this on a long-term basis.”

“Hmm.” Fire Dome and Hong both nodded.

Star Tower came to a halt. Then it remained suspended amid the chaotic airflow within the void space.

Within the entire Universe Ocean, all the true gods knew what it signified when a Sector Beast behaved as such. They were all worried. They were all hoping—hoping that it was merely because of a special reason that caused the Sector Beast to behave like that. Time passed. One day. Two days. One month. Two months… The Sector Beast still had not reappeared.

“Sector Beast did not appear!”

“Previously, when it was devouring Firefly True Master’s miniature universe, the Sector Beast had devoured more than half of the universe. It is definitely capable of devouring much more. Yet this time around, it had only devoured for a day… Then it disappeared for such a long time. Maybe it had some important matters to see to and needed to be somewhere else.”

“Previously, it merely ate for a day before it disappeared. Perhaps it had some other matters to attend to.”

The true gods were earnestly praying that the actual situation was as they discussed.

Nine-Headed Demon Master, Luo Feng, Skeleton Master, and the rest were all of one mind. After all, in the face of the Sector Beast—who was never lacking for methods—they all earnestly wished that there would be more true gods around, which would be much better for them in terms of combining efforts to deal with the Sector Beast.

In the blink of an eye, half a year had passed since the Sector Beast had devoured the origin of Rampaging Devil God’s miniature universe.

In the chaotic void space—

Hu!

“Oh how comfortable.” The Sector Beast shook its tail leisurely. “Previously, I devoured a portion of the origin of that Rampaging Devil God’s miniature universe. Now, I have already completed transforming it into my– strength! And now my powers are even stronger… Hahaha! Oh, I am simply too intelligent. Within the nest, it would be too difficult to kill and eat another Sector Beast. I would need to wait a very, very long time to eat one. And also, ‘Beddy’ is there! As for here… these miniature universes are just sitting there, without any ability of means of resistance. I can devour them to my heart’s content. My power will continue to increase, and the rate of increase will be much faster than that of Beddy or any of the rest.

“By the time I return, I will become the final king. By then, I will have swept and destroyed all the miniature universes. That’s why I will move on to devour the primal universe. Hahaha…” The Sector Beast was overjoyed and quite satisfied with his plan. “Time for the next one. Who shall I choose?” It considered for a moment. “I shall have to give up on the few most highly skilled ones for the time being. For the next one, let’s make it Eye Devil God.”

Hua!

The sector beast immediately teleported and disappeared within this region of the chaotic void space where it spent slightly more than a day’s time. In terms of teleportation, it was much faster than the true gods of Universe Ocean. In hardly more than a day’s time, it had quickly advanced from a region far from the various miniature universes to the void space containing Eye Devil God’s miniature universe.

“The origin of the miniature universe.” Sector Beast looked at the rough silhouette from afar. “The most delicious food that can increase my power. Let’s begin.”

The Sector Beast stuck out its tongue, which was so long that it resembled the tongue of a frog. It licked its lips, and a black fog started to fill its surroundings. Waves of distorted light started to extend out toward the void space over a distance of light years beyond count, as they penetrated the void space. Then… it started devouring!

At that moment, Eye Devil God sat within one of the palaces atop the divine tree. This divine tree was the tallest and oldest divine tree in his miniature universe. Previously, he had used it as a core to establish the structural framework of his miniature universe.

“Not good!” Eye Devil God’s eyes flew open, his colorful face registered shock as he said, “The sector beast is here!”

The sector beast was here!

After spending only one day devouring the origin of Rampaging Devil God’s miniature universe, it had disappeared; half a year later, it was back! This made the entire Universe Ocean nervous.

Divine Eye True God was the first to transmit a message. “Eye Devil God, keep a close watch over it. Keep it under your watchful eye. We shall see how long that Sector Beast intends to spend devouring the origin of a miniature universe this time!”

Luo Feng also transmitted a message. “You need to get on board your palace supreme true treasure and make your way over to it. Keep a close watch over it.”

One after another, great beings were transmitting messages over to Eye Devil God.

Eye Devil God, on the other hand, was panicking. He quickly transmitted his message back to the various true gods: “Everyone, I wonder when you all will arrive. I am not a match for that Sector Beast.”

Previously, when he and Hong had gone to the Sector Beasts’ nest to probe for information, he had been seriously injured. He had still not fully recovered. How could he dare to challenge this Sector Beast? Of course, sitting inside his palace supreme treasure to search and investigate was still a manageable task for him.

He was aware that so long as he did not set foot outside the palace, nothing would happen to him.

Luo Feng transmitted his reply. “Don’t worry. We are rushing over now.”

“Milky Way will definitely be there,” Divine Eye True Master said via voice transmission. “Nearer to you will be Skeleton Master, who will also be rushing over.”

With the other great beings lending him confidence, Eye Devil God boarded a gray battleship and flew out of his own miniature universe, where he rushed toward the direction of the Sector Beast.

A short moment later…

“Sector beast!”

Eye Devil God took one look at the sector beast in the distance. It was big and sturdy and had a golden body in humanoid form, but Eye Devil Master knew that even universe masters could easily change forms. Undoubtedly, this Sector Beast was a terrifying life form that could transform its appearance easily.

“Sector Beast, get out of my territory!” Eye Devil Master hid within his battleship as he executed his domain type supreme true treasure. Through this domain, he attacked the Sector Beast as he transmitted his orders in angry shouts.

For the Sector Beast, the domain was like an itch. It was not the least bit bothered by it.

“Humph.” The sector beast cast an indifferent glance at Eye Devil God in the distance and said, “Foolish and timid Eye Devil God. The best you can do is to hide in that ship, yet you still think of getting me to leave this place? If you had dared to come out, I would have killed you easily.”

“You…” Eye Devil God was furious, but the sector beast was right. He was afraid to go out. “Loathsome Sector Beast, get lost!”

Eye Devil God burned his godly power to activate his domain type supreme true treasure. Condensing the power of the domain to form a gigantic ribbon, he carried out a long-range manipulation of his treasure to execute his secret technique, whereby he threw multiple attacks at the faraway Sector Beast.

However, this condensed domain—made to form a weapon—would be weaker than a normal attack type supreme true treasure. And it did not have the magnitude of an automaton-type treasure!

Eye Devil God was skilled in illusions and soul attacks, so he knew that the Sector Beast was highly skilled in soul attacks. This was why he had chosen to manipulate a domain attack instead. However, no matter how he attacked, without the magnitude of an automaton-type treasure, and dealing with attacks that were not within his field of expertise, the strength and might of his power were weak. To the Sector Beast, his attacks were like a gentle breeze caressing its cheeks.

“How weak, how weak,” said the Sector Beast, not bothered whatsoever. Eye Devil God’s attacks were not even enough to interrupt its devouring of the miniature universe.

A day later…

“You can hide in that battleship all you want. Your miniature universe will ultimately be eaten up by me. All of it.” Sector Beast laughed without inhibitions. Then, with a single teleportation, he vanished and departed.

Eye Devil God suddenly revealed an awful expression. “Sector Beast. It’s… it’s gone!”

“Again, he only devoured for a day!” Luo Feng’s expression was awful, too.

Hong shook his head. “Disaster. Disaster is here.”

All the great beings of Universe Ocean heard this news and were furious, but at the same time, they were utterly helpless. The Sector Beast had only devoured the origin of Eye Devil God’s miniature universe for a day. Then it had disappeared once again.

Half a year later, the Sector Beast appeared again. This time around, it also spent a day devouring the origin of Luo Zhen True Master’s miniature universe and disappeared after that.

Another half a year later, the Sector Beast appeared again. Every time it appeared, it would devour the origin of one true god’s miniature universe for one day. Then it would disappear and reappear half a year later.

Why was it always at half-year intervals? There were three possibilities. One, its devouring skills needed a period of time between each execution before it could be displayed again; two, it might require time to digest what it absorbed; three, this was just a unique preference that it had.

11 years later, Luo Feng was so mad that he had to transmit his thoughts on the matter.

“Every time the Sector Beast returns, it appears outside the miniature universe of a weaker true god! I have mentioned this before… Earlier on, I suspected that Great Thunder Star Master, Zhen Jia Emperor, and Dragon Rock Ancestral God were likely from the Sector Beasts’ side. Now, Great Thunder Star Master has died, but Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God are still alive. They know a vast amount about Universe Ocean. It’s no cause for concern for you all, because all of you mainly remain in your own miniature universes. But as for me, I alone occupy two regions, which were respectively near two miniature universes. Why is it that this region I am at… is always unvisited by that Sector Beast? Could it be that my location is already known to Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God?”

Chapter 1423 - Purple Moon

Holy Land

Luo Feng was furious. The two areas he was responsible for were close to two miniature universes, both of which belonged to weak true gods. Theoretically, the Sector Beast should have arrived outside those two miniature universes, and once it arrived, Luo Feng would show up immediately and kill it. But it had been 11 years! And he still hadn’t encountered a Sector Beast once!

“Milky Way!” said Divine Eye True Master. “We definitely didn’t disclose any of your traces to Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God! You said that they’re on the Sector Beasts’ side. How could we reveal any information to them?”

Skeleton Master sent a message. “We didn’t reveal anything. Only those true gods know clues of your whereabouts, and not even those universe masters are aware of your tracks. As for the two small universes of Dragon Rock Ancestral God and Zhen Jia Emperor, they were eliminated a long time ago, and we’ve given an order to every great being under us that they can’t be in contact with those two miniature universes at all.”

Luo Feng, Skeleton Master, Divine Eye True Master, Nine-Headed Devil Master, Bei Chi Star Master, and Primal Chaos City Leader… The eight great overlords in Universe Ocean were talking.

“It’s been 11 years, but I have never met that Sector Beast,” said Luo Feng furiously. “It has been to the miniature universes of those weak true gods. Why hasn’t it come to the two miniature universes closest to me?”

Twice or three times might be explainable. However, it had been 20 times in the past 11 years!

Generally, great beings from the original universe could get to their miniature universes from the original universe through a “universe portal,” so they could get there to help at the fastest speed possible. That was why the Sector Beast had never attacked the miniature universes of great beings from the original universe era. Instead, it exploited those from the first and the second universe eras.

There were originally only a limited number of true gods from the first and the second universe era, and after the screening in the World of Jin, the number had decreased. The number of weaker individuals was even smaller.

The Sector Beast had tried to swallow miniature universes 20 times, but it hadn’t been to the miniature universes Luo Feng was responsible for once. He knew that there was a problem. The eight great overlords discussed the matter.

“It can’t be coincidental! That Sector Beast must’ve known in advance.”

“How did it know our arrangements?”

“They are our mortal enemies, so the great beings under us would never tell them our arrangements.”

“There’s only one possibility,” said Luo Feng coldly. “That in Universe Ocean, another true god went to seek the patronage of the Sector Beasts other than Great Thunder Star Master, Zhen Jia Emperor, and Dragon Rock Ancestral God! Because some other true gods betrayed us, that Sector Beast knows about our arrangements, including where I am!”

All the other seven went quiet. They had already considered this possibility, but they were reluctant to believe it.

“That’s right.” Nine Remoteness True Master sent a message. “Since Zhen Jia Emperor and the other two betrayed us and sought refuge with the Sector Beasts, other true gods might do the same thing! Perhaps some of them turned their backs on us a long time ago, while others have done so more recently.”

“More recently?”

“In the past decade or so?”

Nine Remoteness True Master continued, “Sector Beasts are far too great a threat. They keep swallowing and swallowing, which can make true gods desperate. Some true gods think we can’t fight them. Even if we can, many weak true gods will be killed before then. Some true gods might have secretly turned their backs on us and sought refuge from Sector Beasts. Perhaps they claimed that Sector Beasts were swallowing the origins of their miniature universes, but actually, the Sector Beast was just pretending, deceiving us so that nobody knows who the spy is!”

“That’s right.”

“Makes sense.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng also agreed.

The Sector Beasts had many techniques, which indeed was a headache for all the great beings in Universe Ocean. However, it was only one Sector Beast. In the face of such despair, some true gods might follow Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Emperor and turn to the Sector Beasts.

“Now that this is the case…” Luo Feng sent the message. “From now on, although we’ll publicize our arrangements, they will be fake! I’ll act independently. Nobody will know where I’m going to except me… I’ll make sure that the Sector Beast can’t get away.”

“Then do it, Milky Way.”

“You can do anything you want. Not even the seven of us will know your route. Nobody will leak anything then.”

After the meeting among the eight great overlords, they confirmed that other than Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God, some other true gods in Universe Ocean had turned to the Sector Beasts! Of course, Luo Feng and the others started to think of some new plans.

Luo Feng’s Remote Ocean body and Mosha body were on the same team while the Golden Horned Beast represented a team of its own. They both started to act. They immediately left their original locations and arrived at the new targeted areas, waiting for the Sector Beast to come!

In the chaos space of Universe Ocean, Sector Beast Morosa floated in the air.

“I’m so smart.”

“Every time, I only swallow the origin of a miniature universe for one day so that they won’t be able to arrive in time to surround me. Haha! I’ve swallowed universe origins so many times! Altogether, I’ve swallowed almost three origins of miniature universes.” Sector Beast Morosa was smug. “My power is far stronger than when I left the nest. Hmm… Where should I go this time?”

The Sector Beast considered. What about the miniature universes of the original universe era? The original universe era was the most powerful era and had the largest number of true gods. Besides, they could get to their miniature universes through universe portals immediately, and also, those miniature universes were close to the original universe. If it went after one of those, it would be immediately encircled by a large group of true gods once it got there.

As for the second universe era? The first universe era? Sector Beast Morosa had been to all the universe eras it could get to. It avoided those that stuck together—like the miniature universes of the several true gods from the Divine Eye clan or those who were extremely powerful, like Jue He True God, or the miniature universes guarded by Luo Feng.

Although I’m much more powerful than I was before, thought Sector Beast Morosa. I’m still only as powerful as Nine-Headed Devil Master. Last time, I was obviously weaker than him. As for that Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng, he is said to be the strongest great being in Universe Ocean. It’s not the time to fight him now.

The Sector Beast made a decision. “I’ll go to the holy land! Holy lands are superior. Although it has stronger resistance and I’ll swallow it more slowly, I can at least try the taste first. I’ll try the holy land origin and see how much tastier it is than the origin of a miniature universe.”

Hua!

The Sector Beast immediately rushed to the miniature universe of Purple Moon Holy Land, and in less than two days, the Sector Beast had arrived at the space outside the miniature universe of Purple Moon Holy Land.

“Purple Moon Holy Land.” The Sector Beast looked into the distance and could see the blurry, giant contour. “Comparatively, it’s smaller than East Emperor Holy Land! But it’s easier to deal with!”

Black mist permeated from its entire body, and at the same time, traces of light extended toward Purple Moon Holy Land in the distance, the Sector Beast at the center. They extended 100 million light years along and permeated the space. Soon, gleaming light was transferred into its body.

“Oh! Ah!” Sector Beast Morosa couldn’t help shaking its body. It closed its eyes, enjoying the moment. “This… This—this is exquisite… It’s heaven,” Sector Beast Morosa whispered, its voice trembling. “This… This is much tastier than the origins of miniature universes! Besides, I can swallow the origin of the miniature universe of this Purple Moon Holy Land just as fast as I swallowed the origins of the other miniature universes.”

After just an instant, Sector Beast Morosa felt that the origin of Purple Moon Holy Land suddenly had much stronger resistance. It could swallow the origin much slower. When it came to speed, it dropped to only 1/100th the speed at which it swallowed the origins of other miniature universes.

Inside Purple Moon Holy Land.

“Come now!”

A rumbling voice echoed in the ears of all the universe masters and true gods in Purple Moon Holy Land at the same time. All the top-tier great beings from Purple Moon Holy Land immediately followed the voice.

In the palace, Purple Moon Ancestor stood there. He had lost his previous chills. He looked ashen, anxious, and furious. These were emotions he had never displayed before. Even if he failed at killing Luo Feng—even if all the elite universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land were killed in the World of Jin—he hadn’t been so angry, worried, and unsettled. Worried! He, Purple Moon Ancestor, was worried sick!

“What can we do? What can we do?” fretted Purple Moon Ancestor. “It has come. It has finally come. I knew the Sector Beast would come out someday. All this time, it’s been swallowing the miniature universes of all those true gods, but now, it’s finally my turn. Although I’ve tried my best, I can only slow it down to 1/100th its original speed, but that’s not enough! No matter how slow it is, it will still be able to swallow my entire miniature universe if it has enough time. In time, my universe will crumble. Then I’ll be screwed!”

All of Purple Moon Holy Land was anxious.

“Ancestor.”

Beings flew in from the outside, and soon, over 100 universe masters and two true gods showed up. They were all respectful.

Purple Moon Ancestor looked down and said furiously, “At this moment, that Sector Beast has arrived right outside Purple Moon Holy Land universe.”

“Sector Beasts have come!”

“Right outside our holy land?”

“The Sector Beast has finally arrived.”

Everyone down there panicked. Even though there were over 100 universe masters and two true gods, nobody could say for sure that they could fight a Sector Beast.

“Go now!” yelled Purple Moon Ancestor. “Whoever has a soul supreme true treasure, go! Get in your supreme true treasure palace, leave Purple Moon Holy Land, and go deal with that Sector Beast!”

“Ancestor, we… We’re not that Sector Beast’s match.”

“We can’t deal with it.”

Everyone responded negatively, but Purple Moon Ancestor kept yelling, “Of course! I know you can’t rival it! That is why I tell you to hide in a supreme true treasure palace. I only want you to slow the Sector Beast down! Besides, tell everyone in Universe Ocean and let them know the Sector Beast is here!”

“Ancestor!” said a universe master in red armor. “We have a bad relationship with the humans, who are the first power in Universe Ocean, and Milky Way Horde Leader is the strongest great being. Will Luo Feng come?”

Chapter 1424 - Luo Feng and

Purple Moon

“And besides, the eight great beings from Universe Ocean regard Luo Feng as their leader! If Luo Feng tried to stop them, would those true gods actually come?” said that universe master in fiery armor.

All the other great beings from Purple Moon Holy Land standing around were worried about the same thing.

Purple Moon Ancestor, standing in the palace, looked ashen. He glanced around those before him, and nobody in the palace dared to say anything. Instead, they remained quiet. It was silent. Dead silent.

Purple Moon Ancestor stayed silent for a long time before saying, “Just go and halt that Sector Beast, and send that message. You don’t need to worry about other issues.”

“Yes,” answered everyone down there.

Six great beings, including the two true gods, flew out. Some of them had soul-type supreme true treasures, and some were from the subsidiary races of Purple Moon Holy Land. They weren’t afraid of soul attacks, as they had no souls.

“Humph.” Purple Moon Ancestor’s face turned pale with rage, seeing that only six great beings had left. Since the battle in the World of Jin, all the elites working under him were dead, and the true treasures carried by all those universe masters were lost. Now, Purple Moon Holy Land was destitute. The Divine Eye clan and the skeleton race may have been richer than they were!

“Luo Feng.” Purple Moon Ancestor was hesitant.

He had suppressed the human race and sought to kill Luo Feng before. That made him the enemy of the human race. In the World of Jin, Luo Feng had killed a large group of universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land. All the valuables carried by those universe masters had been lost in the World of Jin! They had suffered a great loss! And the grudge between the two powers only grew! Now, humans were the first power in Universe Ocean. Luo Feng was the strongest great being in Universe Ocean. The Sector Beast crisis required Luo Feng.

“Luo Feng…” Purple Moon Ancestor was terribly upset.

A nine-level tower floated in the chaos air space in Universe Ocean.

Inside the tower, Luo Feng stood gazing into the space outside. As for Hong and Fire Dome, they both sat with their legs crossed beside him, immersed in their training.

“Huh?” Luo Feng moved his eyebrows. He waves his hands, and a communications token showed up. “Divine Eye True God? Jue He True God? Why did they both send me a message at the same time?” Luo Feng was confused.

“Milky Way, Jue He True Master also sent you a message? It seems that he got the message from Purple Moon Holy Land as well.” Divine Eye True Master sent the message. “Both Jue He and I have some connections with Purple Moon Holy Land. Just now, Purple Moon Holy Land sent us a message that the Sector Beast showed up right outside Purple Moon Holy Land.”

Luo Feng said, “Oh? Outside Purple Moon Holy Land?”

“The two beings from Purple Moon Holy Land who can resist it are the two true gods,” said Jue He True God. “A large group of universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land died in the World of Jin, and their valuables are lost there. After that, they don’t even dare to go to the World of Jin… Without machine-type valuables, those two true gods are just mediocre. They’re not the Sector Beast’s match.”

Luo Feng sneered. They were as crazy and reckless they could be. Now what?

“What do they want?” Luo Feng sent a message back.

“The message is very simple. They want us to deal with that Sector Beast,” said Divine Eye True Master. “Milky Way, should we go or not?”

“Milky Way?” asked Jue He True God.

The other seven great overlords regarded Luo Feng as their leader, and besides, humans were the number one power in Universe Ocean. As for the two holy lands? East Emperor Holy Land wasn’t an enemy of the humans, so they were doing fine. As for Purple Moon Holy Land, they didn’t even have a machine-type valuable, so they couldn’t even rival the Divine Eye race or the skeleton race, let alone the humans.

Besides, Neither Jue He True God nor Divine Eye True Master cared about Purple Moon Holy Land. The only thing they were worried about was the Sector Beast crisis. After all, they were the enemies of everyone in Universe Ocean.

“Tell Purple Moon Ancestor,” said Luo Feng indifferently. “Give me the component of a true treasure, and I’ll help him. Otherwise… Humph!”

“A component of a true treasure?”

“What component of a true treasure?”

Jue He True God and Divine Eye True Master were both confused.

“Just send the message,” said Luo Feng. “Purple Moon Ancestor will know what I’m talking about.”

“Okay,” Divine Eye True Master and Jue He True God answered.

Luo Feng’s eyes appeared cold. He was hostile toward Purple Moon Holy Land, but after all, the Purple Moon Holy Land had a component of his Shi Wu Wings, and up until now, Luo Feng hadn’t thought of any other way to get it. Sector Beasts were the only thing he could rely on.

The palace of Purple Moon Holy Land.

“Milky Way Horde Leader named his price. We need to give him the component of the true treasure he needs. After that, he’ll help us.”

Purple Moon Ancestor looked down and snorted. “I knew he was going to bring that up.”

Luo Feng could feel the summoning power of the Shi Wu Wings component even if he was a billion light years away from Purple Moon Holy Land. Ordinary true gods couldn’t understand what such a deal meant to the humans, but Purple Moon Ancestor did! That was why, in the past trillion eras, the humans had offered deals several times… If the humans agreed, Purple Moon Holy Land was willing to give up that component of the true treasure. Then they can get into the World of Jin without any obstacles, yet Purple Moon Ancestor didn’t agree to it.

“What did Divine Eye and the other say?” asked Purple Moon coldly.

“Divine Eye and the others don’t oppose Milky Way Horde Leader!” All the universe masters standing down there felt hopeless. The Purple Moon Holy Land was no longer as it had been, and nobody cared about it.

Purple Moon Ancestor kept thinking. Everyone looked anxious. They hoped their ancestor would say yes, as it was only a component. If Purple Moon Holy Land was destroyed, all of them would die. They were a race that could live forever, yet they might be annihilated instantly.

“Ancestor, even without that component, Milky Way Horde Leader is the strongest great being. Even if he gets the component, it won’t make any difference,” said other great beings. “That Milky Way Horde Leader made us—”

“What do you know?” snapped Purple Moon Ancestor. He glanced around coldly, and everyone went silent.

Purple Moon Ancestor was silent for a long time. It made sense. He couldn’t do anything to Luo Feng, and when he became a true god, he would be invincible. However, the miniature universe was tied to his own destiny!

“I agree!” said Purple Moon Ancestor, clenching his teeth. “If he helps us, I’ll give him the component.”

“Yes!”

Everyone was happy.

This was good. If Purple Moon Holy Land could erase the grudge with the humans, the great beings there would have a much easier time.

Divine Eye True Master and Jue He True Master knew about the call for help from Purple Moon Holy land at first. Soon, Primal Chaos City Leader and the others all learned of it.

“They agreed! Purple Moon Holy Land has agreed!” Primal Chaos City Leader was exhilarated to find out that Purple Moon Holy Land has agreed. He went to the dimension in the virtual universe that belonged to Luo Feng. He stepped across the space. “Luo Feng, Purple Moon Ancestor finally acquiesced!”

Luo Feng sitting on the square also stood up and smiled. “Haha! That old guy always tried to suppress us humans. Now that he’s anxious… I’ve been waiting for that component for such a long time, and I’m finally going to get it now. I’m going to Purple Moon Holy Land now.”

“Okay.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. “One more thing. After getting that component, how are you going to treat Purple Moon Holy Land?”

“I’ll suppress them less harshly.” Luo Feng smiled.

Shi Wu Wing only had one last pair of wings left, and Luo Feng had been longing for it for a long time. He was certainly thrilled now. He drove Star Tower and headed toward Purple Moon Holy Land as quickly as possible.

Outside Purple Moon Holy Land.

“Almost.”

Sector Beast Moroa looked at the contour of Purple Moon Holy Land in the distance and looked smug. “So satisfying. No wonder this Purple Moon Holy Land is a miniature universe at a higher level. It tastes much better than the universe origins of ordinary miniature universes! However, I could only eat it slowly… Hmm… It’s been a day. I can’t stay here any longer. Otherwise, I’ll be trapped. Time to go.”

Shua!

The Sector Beast teleported and disappeared. From beginning to the end, he didn’t care about the two true gods hiding in the palace who tried to slow him down at all.

“It’s gone?” The four true gods and four universe masters in the supreme true treasure palace who were trying to slow down the Sector Beast were all overjoyed. “Quick, go back and tell our ancestor.” They all went back.

Inside Purple Moon Holy Land, Purple Moon Ancestor couldn’t help looking happy. He could sense that the Sector Beast had stopped swallowing the origin, and after only a short while, six beings flew inside the palace from outside.

“Ancestor, the Sector Beast has left.”

“It teleported and left.”

The two true gods stood under there, reporting the news gladly.

Purple Moon Ancestor nodded his head and said, “That Sector Beast has been trying to swallow other miniature universes, and it’s always disappeared after only one day of trying. This time, it also disappeared after a day. It’s normal! If Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng comes and asks for that component, just tell him I don’t have it!

“Ah!”

“No?”

Everyone was scared.

“We can’t do that, Ancestor. What about next time?”

“We’ve already had a deal.”

To the universe masters, the component was useless. They would rather give it to Luo Feng and mitigate the tensions with the humans.

Purple Moon Ancestor said coldly, “No need to worry. It won’t make any difference. If we give it to him but Luo Feng turns his back on us, then what could we do? I was just thinking, the Sector Beast has been eating the origins of miniature universes, but it leaves every time after it swallows some of it. It must be very beneficial if it keeps eating the origin. The origin is a magical force, and it can maintain a miniature universe. It can even breed life forms. If Sector Beasts keep eating miniature universes, their power will be enhanced.”

Purple Moon Ancestor continued coldly. “The more powerful the Sector Beasts are, the more difficult it is for Luo Feng to deal with them. Then the humans will die out… He won’t just let the Sector Beast keep eating the origin. They’ll panic if the Sector Beast keeps eating. They won’t take the risk. Even if he would take the risk, his teacher, Divine Eye, and others wouldn’t bet on it.”

Purple Moon Ancestor had calculated as much. The origin of his miniature universe was 10,000 times stronger than those of true gods, yet the Sector Beast ate it very slowly. Purple Moon Ancestor calculated that it might have taken tens of thousands of years for it to finish it. Besides, that Sector Beast wouldn’t just stay in one place.

Chapter 1425 - Sworn Enemy

Luo Feng was filled with expectation as he maneuvered Star Tower. He was on his way to Purple Moon Holy Land universe when Divine Eye True Master sent a message.

“Milky Way Horde Leader. That Sector Beast was at the peripheral region of Purple Moon Holy Land, where, likewise, it devoured the origin for a day and then left. At the same time, Purple Moon Holy Land wanted me to inform you, Milky Way Horde Leader, that you… are no longer required to go there.”

Luo Feng’s greatly enthusiastic heart instantly cooled down. Luo Feng’s expression darkened as he transmitted his response. “What do you mean… no longer required to go there?”

“What Purple Moon Holy Land meant was, the deal agreed upon previously is called off,” Divine Eye True Master said helplessly.

“Then what about the promise they made previously?” Luo Feng continued to ask in an indifferent tone.

Divine Eye True Master said, “The other part of the news means… The promise made earlier on was based on the condition that Milky Way Horde Leader would help them deal with the Sector Beast. But now, the Sector Beast has left of its own accord. There is no need for Milky Way Horde Leader’s help in dealing with it, so, unquestionably, there is no need for them to give you a true treasure in exchange.

“Milky Way… honestly speaking, when they transmitted this piece of information, even I felt angry just listening to it! But, you should know. The Sector Beast is not only an enemy of Purple Moon Holy Land but a common enemy for all the races within Universe Ocean! I know you are filled with anger now, and you will most likely want to let the Sector Beast devour Purple Moon Holy Land to its heart’s content… While swallowing for eight to ten days is no big deal, if the time it spends on devouring grows too lengthy, we cannot stand idly by any longer.”

“I know,” replied Luo Feng. “I will place importance on the big picture. But spread my word… From this point on, Purple Moon Holy Land will be my, Luo Feng’s, sworn enemy.”

Someplace far away, Divine Eye True Master was taken aback. He could also feel the intensity of that endless anger raging in Luo Feng.

“Milky Way…” Divine Eye True Master could not help but feel worried. To deal with the Sector Beast, they had to depend mainly on Luo Feng.

“I will look at the big picture!” Luo Feng said. His response sounded reasonable enough, but all the more, Divine Eye True Master felt that his words contained limitless fury.

Within Star Tower, Luo Feng’s expression was hideous as he held onto his transmission token. His anger was so great that his veins were threatening to pop out and burst.

“Purple Moon Holy Land, Purple Moon Holy Land…” His eyes flashed coldly. “I wanted to give you all chance, but since you all are not appreciative, my Shi Wu Wings would rather make do with their imperfections and make you all regret that you have done!”

Toward Purple Moon Holy Land, Luo Feng no longer held on to any feelings of pity. However, he was also aware that he could not allow the Sector Beast to continue devouring the origin of Purple Moon Holy Land as it pleased. After all, every time it devoured an origin, it would disappear for half a year. Various races of Universe Ocean had long suspected that the Sector Beast spent that time “digesting and absorbing” whatever it had swallowed to increase its power! A human grew when it consumed food. A golden horned beast grew when it ate metals. All operated on the same theory. The Sector Beast might, unfortunately, feed on the universe origin to become stronger. It seemed highly possible.

Purple Moon Holy Land was, after all, a holy land universe of a true god of void space. That origin would likely be the equivalent of hundreds and thousands of origins of true god level miniature universes combined! If Luo Feng allowed the Sector Beast to continue devouring like that, who knew what would be the result would be?

If the Sector Beast became incomparably powerful, to the extent that no one could fight against it, then Purple Moon Holy Land could be faced with its doomsday. But if this continued, the entire human race—including Luo Feng and his family—would have to face the fate of annihilation… This was what Luo Feng could not accept. He did not dare to use the lives of family and friends, and the lives of the entire pulse of Earth, as bargaining chips. He was reluctant to gamble with them!

“Purple Moon Ancestor, you are indeed ruthless!” said Luo Feng. “You have already guessed that I would not dare to take such a gamble and that I would not risk it all just for a single piece of a true treasure… Perhaps you are not concerned about the universe masters under your command, or perhaps your Purple Moon Holy Land would prefer to continue withdrawing into passive defense.” Luo Feng’s gaze turned icy. “But your Purple Moon Holy Land shall be my, Luo Feng’s, sworn enemy, and I shall remember this! Before I achieve my breakthrough to become a true god of void space, I will definitely try to destroy your Purple Moon Holy Land.” Luo Feng was bellowing the words in his heart as he spoke them. “I will think of every way possible to ensure that you live to regret this.”

To destroy a miniature universe of a true god of void space—usually only an eternal true god executing some superior methods could achieve such a feat. This was a piece of information that Luo Feng had learned in the past. However, Purple Moon Ancestor’s miniature universe was not considered large.

The smallest miniature universes at the level of a true god of void space had diameters around one billion light years, and the biggest could have diameters as long as ten billion light years! The Purple Moon Holy Land miniature universe had a diameter of 2.1 billion light years, while East Emperor Holy Land miniature universe was 3.2 billion light years in diameter.

The size of a miniature universe was related to many different factors, including the erection of the internal structural framework when a miniature universe was established, or whether the godly power route or the law route had been chosen to become a true god. The bigger the miniature universe, the more power was provided, and the more stable it would be.

For instance, the legends of true gods of void spaces had mentions of a “miniature universe with a diameter of 10 billion light years” that was comparable to the lowest level miniature universe of eternal true gods! Of course, that was merely a legend. Even for an extraordinary talent who had once attained 90,000 times life genes— or even for the three generations of ancestors at the true god of void space stage—none of their miniature universes had ever reached ‘0 billion light years. This perfect, ultimate limit was only a legend!

When one was a true god of void space, it was usually unlikely for the miniature universe to be of a diameter that was merely one billion light years. Normally, the size would not be so ridiculously small. Weaker true gods of void space would have miniature universes with diameters around two billion light years, while stronger ones would have miniature universes with diameters around three billion light years. The elites’ miniature universes could reach diameters of four billion light years, while those of extraordinary talents could reach around five billion light years. In short, the higher-level one attained on the social scale, the more difficult it was to maintain the miniature universe.

As for a talent that achieved 90,000 times life genes via the godly power route? And the three generations of ancestors? A true god of void space with a miniature universe that had a diameter of ten billion light years, this was just a legend of the ancient civilization.

Purple Moon’s miniature universe is not big, thought Luo Feng. It’s even smaller than East Emperor’s. If I become a true god of void space, by relying on an automaton type treasure and various secret techniques, I can certainly achieve an outburst to unleash the power of an eternal true god. Perhaps then I might be able to destroy Purple Moon Holy Land universe!

Luo Feng made a mental note.

Luo Feng’s expression grew increasingly awful as he tried to contain his anger.

“Teacher…”

“Luo Feng?”

Fire Dome and Hong were looking at Luo Feng. They felt a little worried, as they did not know what might happen next.

“I’m all right,” Luo Feng replied. “Let’s go back and continue to guard against the Sector Beast.”

“We’re no longer going to Purple Moon Holy Land?” Fire Dome was shocked.

“Not going.” Luo Feng shook his head. He walked straight to the steering wheel and sat down, making no further comments.

Fire Dome and Hong looked at one another as they both speculated what was going on. However, both of them soon heard the news from Primal City Chaos Leader. What they learned greatly angered them. This was outright bullying. The promise made previously had been broken in the blink of an eye. How shameless could they get? It seemed Purple Moon Ancestor was not the least bit interested in appeasing the wrath incurred by the humans and Luo Feng—not even the slightest trace of it.

If that was the case, then they would be their sworn enemies!

Time passed.

This time, less than a month after it devoured the origin of Purple Moon Holy Land miniature universe, the Sector Beast reappeared in Universe Ocean. The timing defied the expectations of every powerful group. This time, it moved on to devouring the origin of Rampaging Devil God’s miniature universe.

Upon devouring the origin of one miniature universe, it disappeared for half a year. Upon devouring the origin of another miniature universe, it disappeared for another half a year.

Sector Beast had resumed its attacks on miniature universes, and this worried the various races of Universe Ocean. If it went on, many miniature universes would collapse.

It had been three years since the incident with Purple Moon Holy Land.

Within the void space surrounding Sea Badger True Master’s miniature universe, a silver-white vessel hung suspended in space. Luo Feng’s Golden Horned Beast body was inside the vessel. Although it was known as Golden Horned Beast body, Luo Feng had already transformed it so that it took human form.

Perhaps for common universe masters, size and form would have an impact on their power. As for Luo Feng, who had achieved 89,999 times life gene level on his godly power route, he could easily change his life structure to take on the form he would require, according to the circumstances he was in. And he could also unleash his power to perfection.

A piece of information was transmitted over to Luo Feng. “Milky Way Horde Leader, Milky Way Horde Leader! Sector Beast has appeared outside my miniature universe now!”

Golden Horned Beast Luo Feng was momentarily shocked, but shortly after, he showed his delight. “A message from Sea Badger True Master?”

“Milky Way…”

Suddenly, Divine Eye True Master and several other true gods were sending messages over as well.

“Hahaha…” laughed Golden Horned Luo Feng. “After such a long wait! See, what did I say? So long as no one knows my whereabouts, I will secretly stay hidden. Then surely, there will be at least a chance of encountering this Sector Beast while it is out to devour miniature universes.” Luo Feng was thrilled. “What a pity it did not cross paths with the other team I deployed.”

Luo Feng had divided his other bodies into two teams this time around. One route was taken by his Remote Ocean body and his Mosha body, who traveled with a series of powerful treasures like Shi Wu Wings, Wu Qi God, Star Tower, and Blood Ghost Blade.

The other route was taken by his Golden Horned Beast body alone. Although equipped with several automaton-type treasures, in terms of the ability to unleash power, it was inferior to the other team.

“Even so, the automaton-type treasures that my Golden Horned Beast body possess far surpass Divine Eye True Master and Jue He True Master’s treasures.” Golden Horned Luo Feng was very confident. “This Golden Horned Beast body has combat power that is stronger than any of them.”

Speaking of power, his other team was, of course, much stronger— great enough to surpass the power of all the other seven true masters put together.

As for his Golden Horned Beast body, compared to the other seven true masters, it might have been slightly stronger, but the advantageous position it had over them was not obvious. Of course, given Luo Feng’s comprehension and cultivation for the past trillion eras, even this ordinary Golden Horned Beast body could prove to be an extremely difficult opponent.

“Maybe this time around, I will be able to kill that Sector Beast.”

Golden Horned Luo Feng smiled.

Sou!

This silver vessel teleported over right away. At the same time, Luo Feng transmitted a message to Sea Badger True Master: “Sea Badger, I’ve arrived.”

“Arrived?” Sea Badger True Master was shocked. It had only sent out the call for help a moment ago. Nonetheless, it was overjoyed. Milky Way Horde Leader was the first to arrive. At least he would be able to prevent that Sector Beast from devouring too much. “These are the coordinates of where the Sector Beast is.”

Sea Badger True Master sent the coordinates right away.

Within the peripheral area of Sea Badger True Master’s miniature universe, a chaotic airflow was filling up the void space. A certain area within this endless chaotic airflow was filled with black fog. In the midst of it was a lofty figure. It was Sector Beast Morosa, and it stood upright, right in the middle of the black fog, waving its tail as it delightfully devoured the origin of that miniature universe.

Streams of distorted light rays extended and penetrated the void space.

“Wu!” Sector Beast Morosa was quite pleased. It felt that the whole Universe Ocean was its plaything.

Weng!

The surrounding space suddenly froze.

“Sealing of space!” Sector Beast Morosa was shocked. “So fast!”

Based on its experience, anytime it was devouring a miniature universe, the master of that miniature universe—a true god—was likely to drive his palace supreme true treasure over to harass him. But the sealing of space was highly unusual because those true gods were usually quite eager to chase him away. Why would they seal space? Only when top-tier true gods like Nine-Headed Demon Master arrived, or if a big group of true gods arrived together, would they dare to seal the space.

Hua!

A silver-white vessel arrived. When the cabin doors opened, a man wearing a suit of golden armor strolled out.

Sector Beast Morosa took one look and was instantly taken aback. “A universe master?”

Chapter 1426 - Luo Feng

Fights the Sector Beast

It wasn’t that Sector Beast Morosa hadn’t met a universe master. Many true gods would send universe masters to inspect first, but nobody performed space seal, and nobody had a force so terrific or powerful.

“You are…” Sector Beast Morosa stared at the man in golden armor stepping through space, coming at him. “Human Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng?”

“Yes.” Luo Feng took back the spaceship and stared at the Sector Beast Morosa.

“I heard you are the strongest great being in the entire Universe Ocean. You’re only a universe master, but you’re the strongest great being?” Sector Beast Morosa stared at Luo Feng. He sneered. “It seems that the other true gods in Universe Ocean are so weak that you, as only a universe master, can become the strongest great being.”

Though he said as much, Sector Beast Morosa had already stopped eating the origin, and those traces of light started to spin around him. Apparently, he was being very careful and vigilant. After all, Luo Feng’s reputation preceded him. He wouldn’t underestimate this human before him.

“You’ll know after we fight.” Luo Feng’s godly body had already performed Duan Mie.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

He immediately performed the first three volumes, and after burning his godly power, his power became incredible—stronger than the previous true gods. Generally, true gods only had one level of godly power technique. Few of them had two levels.

Hua! Hua!

Luo Feng was in golden armor. He waved his right hand, and out of nowhere, a chain with glowing green light appeared. The giant chain wound around Luo Feng’s body.

“Just a universe master…” Sector Beast was smirking, but it kept gazing at Luo Feng carefully with its bloody eyes.

They were facing each other, observing each other. Suddenly, Sector Beast Morosa opened its mouth without making any sound. The soundless scream echoed in Luo Feng’s soul.

Luo Feng had stronger willpower than Nine-Headed Devil God! As for energies, he had the most in Universe Ocean under three levels of godly power burning! And when it came to techniques, Luo Feng had two inheritances from the World of Jin and Duan Dong River! This so-called soul attack was like a breeze to Luo Feng. He didn’t feel anything.

Luo Feng wasn’t affected at all. He whipped out the giant chain surrounding him. “Go!”

Hua! La!

A giant chain that looked like a python flew out. The chain twisted, slashed through the sky, and endless snow flowed in the space around the chain. The snow was fluttering, covering an area of ten square light years. Time and space were forbidden.

At this moment, Luo Feng had already utilized two valuables. One of them was the chain—a machine-type attacking weapon, “Bi Yan Chain.” The other was a domain machine-type valuable named “Snow World.” It had the ability to control space and time was as powerful as Golden Country, perhaps stronger.

In the past trillion eras, he had obtained many valuables from the World of Jin, so this time, he was well-prepared. Even though this team didn’t have as many valuables as the other team, the valuables Golden Horned Beast Luo Feng had were still awed by true gods like Divine Eye.

The snowy world arrived as if the chaos space had been replaced by a world of white. The snow was falling.

Sector Beast Morosa stood there, but it was surrounded by black mist. There were thickly dotted black threads around its body. A giant chain slashed the sky, and just as it flew across the sky, it became a large flow of water! The giant stream of water cut through the sky. Everywhere it touched, the space turned green, and there was green grass growing in space. The giant water flow splashed Sector Beast Morosa.

Pa!

It was extremely fast. The whip appeared to be soft, but actually, it was rapid and fierce. The giant flow of water turned from the chain and whipped Sector Beast Morosa. The parts of its body whipped by the chain sank—even its head—molded like gold bullion.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

The giant water pillar kept whipping the Sector Beast relentlessly, turning into a phantom. Luo Feng was staring into the distance, burning his godly power to its maximum degree. He triggered the engravings on that machine type valuable, and he was performing a technique he had created, “Bud of Water and Wood.” The core of that technique was relentless. The water pillar kept whipping the Sector Beast, yet there was grass growing throughout the snowy world, and the liveliness permeated the space, suppressing Sector Beast Morosa. It kept whipping Morosa, turning it into chunks. However, it still hadn’t crumbled.

Hou!

There followed a furious roar. Sector Beast Morosa was furious, completely suppressed under the constant whipping. It was continually losing strength.

“Go!” Sector Beast Morosa glared at Luo Feng in the distance.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

All of a sudden, the black threads surrounding Sector Beast Morosa all flew toward Luo Feng in the distance, trying to cover him. They flew very fast, unhindered by the speed limit of Universe Ocean. Instantly, they reached Luo Feng, surrounding him like a black mist cocoon!

Inside the cocoon, Luo Feng was completely enveloped. The size of the cocoon was variable, and it was stuck to Luo Feng. It started to swallow his godly power.

“He’s indeed quick.” Luo Feng nodded. “Once it was performed, I was immediately surrounded… Firefly True Master was attacked by this move, and he couldn’t dodge it.”

Luo Feng immediately shrank his godly body, but the black mist cocoon followed suit, shrinking along with him.

“Bigger, bigger, bigger!” Luo Feng burned his power madly, trying to oppose the black mist cocoon around him. Even if it was Sector Beast Morosa, it was difficult for him to swallow godly power while it was burning like this.

As soon as Luo Feng grew large, the black mist cocoon became 100 million kilometers tall.

Sector Beast Morosa was controlling the black mist cocoon, but it felt like the cocoon couldn’t swallow much of the godly power. Morosa became anxious. When it saw the cocoon became 100 million kilometers tall, it realized something wrong.

“He’s trying to get out! I won’t let that happen! I’m much stronger than before. Want to get out…?”

“Break!” yelled Luo Feng, trapped in the cocoon. “Break!”

The giant chain in space suddenly became straight as a spear. Then the gleaming spear slashed the cocoon like a dazzling streak of white light. The space the white light passed through wasn’t shattered, but there were circles of strange, swirling ripples. At that moment, Luo Feng, inside the black mist cocoon, also used his claw. The claw was like a blade. It slashed without a sound, but all the space it through passed crumbled.

One from the outside and one from the inside—the chain-spear was outside, while the claw was inside. Both of them were machine-type valuables.

Hong! Hong!

The black mist cocoon suddenly shook. A tiny crack appeared on it, but it immediately recovered while Luo Feng was still trapped inside.

“I can’t get out?” Luo Feng looked surprised. “That shouldn’t be. I used two machine type valuables at the same time, from both the outside and the inside. I was also burning my godly power to support it, so I should’ve broken the cocoon. It seems I need to burn more godly power.

The resilience of the black mist cocoon made all the great beings from Universe Ocean realize how difficult it was to break it with a weapon-based attack. However, Luo Feng deemed that it was possible for him to do so. He had successfully produced a crack on the cocoon just now, so that meant he needed to improve his attacking power.

Normally, the best way to break out was to use his own godly power to consume the power from the Sector Beast! He would just consume the power from the black mist cocoon so that the Sector Beast couldn’t supply that much power anymore. Then it would crumble, as it didn’t have that defense power.

“Do you really think you can get out that easily?” Sector Beast Morosa saw Luo Feng fail, and it smirked. However, the smile froze immediately.

Hong!

Luo Feng, who was trapped in the giant black mist cocoon that was 100 million kilometers tall, burned his godly power. Before being converted by machine type valuables, it spread around like wildfire.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

The energies contained in the black mist cocoon were being quickly annihilated. They were consuming each other!

“Break!” Luo Feng reached out with his hands. His claws extended outward at the same time. After a faint roar from the beast, two strange beasts landed on his hands, grabbing the black mist cocoon at the front. He tore the black mist apart.

Hua!

The black mist cocoon was trying to consume the godly power of Luo Feng, and it was 100 million kilometers tall. At such a size, the energies consumed were so extravagant that even Sector Beast Morosa felt a huge burden. When the cocoon was consuming too much power, the binding strength naturally got weaker.

Luo Feng tore at it again. It was unnecessary for him to use his techniques, as he could just tear it apart with his bare hands. He tore the black mist cocoon apart, then walked out into space.

“Is that all you’ve got, Sector Beast?” Luo Feng dashed toward the Sector Beast in the distance like a streak of light.

Sector Beast Morosa was intimidated. After all, he wasn’t the ultimate king yet. When a Sector Beast became a king, its greatest function was to breed—to breed many super warriors. Sector Beasts rarely engaged others in combat, which meant the Sector Beasts were weaker in fighting but stronger at survival.

“I’ve already improved my power, but he still got out that easily. He’s only a universe master, but he has such great power. The godly power I just used might be that of a true god several hundred thousand kilometers tall.” Sector Beast Morosa immediately decided to run away. “I’m not strong enough. I need to get stronger by eating more miniature universes. I’ll go!”

Sector Beast Morosa roared. An engraving with a black edge and a golden surface appeared. There were 99 engravings, and—hong! Its body cracked and transformed into 99 traces of light.

Luo Feng frowned. “It immediately ran away after only a few comebacks. It’s a coward.”

“Universe chain!” yelled Luo Feng.

Hua!

That giant chain immediately started to spin, morphing into many thick, long chains, all well-dispersed.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

10,000 chains flew outward like snakes diving at their target. It was like an umbrella being opened.

Even the body of a Sector Beast couldn’t be as fast as a machine-type valuable. All 99 bodies of Morosa felt as if everything had turned dark. It was like it had entered a miniature universe made of chains.

Chapter 1427 - Divine Eye

Secret Technique

Peng! Peng! Peng!

All 99 bodies of Sector Beast Morosa flew toward different directions quickly. Their speed surged, and it completely surpassed the limit of Universe Ocean. However, the endless chains formed a miniature universe, sealing off the area around the Sector Beast! All of a sudden, those bodies kept hitting the membrane of the chain universe. The membrane was formed by the intertwining of levels of chains, and the clash made a sound like clashing metal.

“Howl!”

98 of the 99 bodies disappeared, concentrating and forming the golden Sector Beast Morosa.

Morosa looked around and saw the miniature universe formed by chains, suddenly realizing it couldn’t get out of it.

Luo Feng saw that he had trapped Sector Beast Morosa with this move, and he felt relieved. He had separated his three bodies into two teams, and this team wasn’t as well-prepared as the other one. The Sector Beast had performed the same escape technique as it had back when it had killed Firefly True Master, so Luo Feng had prepared for it.

As for the other team, they had Shi Wu Wing, so they could perform techniques like “one thought void space” and other combinations; they were more powerful. As for this team, it was relatively weaker. Luo Feng only had one spiritual weapon machine-type valuable, “Bi Yan Chain” to perform the technique “Universe Chain.” This was the evolved move of the inherited technique “I Am the Universe” he’d had before. Plus, it was performed through a machine-type valuable, making it even more powerful. He also had a domain machine-type valuable, “Snowy World,” to suppress the Sector Beast.

Even if true gods like Nine-Headed Devil Master were trapped by me, they couldn’t get out of this chain universe, Luo Feng thought.

Inside the chain universe, Sector Beast Morosa took a look around. The membrane in the distance was formed by countless chains, and there was a snowy world out there, empowering the whole thing. It was solid.

“Haha… Milky Way Horde Leader!” Sector Beast Morosa, who was trapped inside, guffawed. “Do you really think you can trap me?”

“You are already trapped by me right now, Sector Beast!” rumbled a voice through the entire chain universe. “If you really have the power to escape, then perform it. I can take it. Unfortunately, you can’t!”

Sector Beast Morosa suddenly roared ferociously, and its entire body turned into dark light.

Hong!

Its speed surged, and gleaming, dark light slashed through space, hitting the chain universe membrane in the distance. The countless intertwining chains were hit, and the entire chain universe started to tremble. The snowy world outside the chain universe was trying to solidify the chain world.

Sector Beast Morosa was shocked and had to step back. It looked at the chain universe membrane, dazed. It had used 99 bodies to hit the membrane before, so the power wasn’t strong enough. Just now, it had gathered all of its body to hit it, which could rival the supreme attacks of great beings like Nine-Headed Devil Master.

I failed?

“You won’t be able to run away!” the rumbling voice echoed through the entire chain universe.

“Impossible!” Sector Beast Morosa roared. It then turned into a black streak of light and hit the membrane again.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

It kept hitting the membrane universe. Sector Beast Morosa had already gone insane. It kept crashing into the chain universe, making the entire miniature universe shake, and the snowy world outside kept giving power to the chain universe.

“The crashing is so powerful.” Outside, Luo Feng was intimidated as well. “That Sector Beast Morosa is just like inborn beast gods. Every one of their moves has mysteries in it. The crashing seems to be simple, but it is actually more intricate than my techniques.”

Luo Feng knew that his techniques were elegant and complicated, and they could awe many great beings. But they were at a lower level. The strongest technique he had created was level eight.

As for true gods, those who were above average were able to create techniques at level eight. As for those like Divine Eye True Master, they were able to create techniques at top-tier level nine! That was the fundamental difference between universe masters and true gods. And perhaps it was the same thing for Sector Beasts. It might have never studied any techniques, but it could naturally wield mysterious techniques.

“However, with the combination of chain universe and the snowy world outside, it won’t be able to escape the double suppression.” Luo Feng kept burning his godly power at level three, controlling Bi Yan Chain and the snowy world, the two machine type valuables.

“Smaller! Smaller! Smaller!”

The entire chain universe was getting smaller under the control of Luo Feng. At the same time, a silver spaceship appeared beside him. It immediately bulged. “As long as my supreme true treasure palace is large enough and swallows the entire chain universe, then that Sector Beast won’t be able to escape it.”

Just as Luo Feng outside the chain universe was taking out the silver spaceship, Sector Beast Morosa inside the chain universe started to roar, “Milky Way Horde Leader! Are you trying to trap me into that spaceship?”

“You can tell?” Luo Feng said. He couldn’t help being surprised. The Sector Beast was trapped inside the chain universe, and the space and time around it were enveloped by his snowy world. The Sector Beast shouldn’t have been able to see it.

“Haha! You’re using godly power, but my power is exactly the opposite of your power. Don’t think that I am you! You want to trap me? Hahaha…!” Sector Beast Morosa had failed at crashing through the chain universe, but instead of giving up, it guffawed. “You should be proud because you’re forcing me to reveal my original body.”

All of a sudden, a black mist permeated around sector Morosa. Then its appearance quickly changed from the golden giant being to an ugly monster that was dark and black. It had a pair of hands and feet and was naked. It had two heads at the front and back, and there was a single eye on each of its heads, along with a nose and a mouth, but there were no ears or eyebrows. It stood in space, emitting an evil aura.

“Break!”

Sector Beast Morosa suddenly turned both of its heads to the same side. Originally, one of the heads was facing the front while the other faced the back, but now, the head facing the back turned to face the front. There was gleaming, dark light bursting out of the Sector Beast’s ugly body. The black light immediately concentrated and turned into a streak of bloody light. That gleaming, bloody light entered the eyes of the two heads of that Sector Beast.

Xiu! Xiu!

Both of the sole eyes produced a beam of red light. The light was so fast that it was as if it were teleporting. It immediately reached the membrane of the chain universe.

Hong!

There was a rumbling sound.

Hong!

The countless chains intertwining with each other suddenly crumbled, and the entire chain universe disappeared. Bi Yan Chain also bounced away, then turned around and floated above Luo Feng.

Sou!

The Sector Beast Morosa had already traveled far.

“Want to get away?” Luo Feng couldn’t help but feel shocked by the move that the Sector Beast had used to break the chain universe, but he stopped thinking about it. “Freeze!”

Luo Feng’s eyes were like lightning, and they gazed at the Sector Beast Morosa.

Weng!

Sector Beast Morosa had immediately started to flee after escape the chain universe, but suddenly, a giant godly eye showed up in front of it, in the space in the distance. An invisible but terrific shock of willpower arrived and enveloped it, striking relentlessly.

“Ah!” Sector Beast Morosa howled in pain.

It had been a long time… It hadn’t felt such pain for a long time, and it was just as painful as the last time it had been injured by Bei Di. Last time, it had been severely injured, and Illusion Heart True God and Eye Devil God had reached the nest of Sector Beasts. That had been when Morosa had decided to leave the nest of the Sector Beasts. It hadn’t expected to suffer from such pain again, let alone in Universe Ocean.

“You’ve infuriated me!” Sector Beast Morosa yelled furiously. “Howl!”

After roaring, it shot a trace of black light out of his mouth, striking Luo Feng directly. It hit Luo Feng’s body.

Chi Chi Chi!

The two energies were consuming each other! It had used the same move when it had killed Firefly True Master. The leftover body would be quickly swallowed and would die. However, Luo Feng’s godly body was 100 million kilometers tall, so he had abundant godly power.

Luo Feng didn’t care much about godly power being mutually consumed, but he was indeed surprised by the attack from Sector Beast Morosa.

What? It can still make attacks at full strength?

Divine Eye Secret Technique was one of Luo Feng’s trump cards! If he had Wu Qi God, Shi Wu Wing, Star Tower, and others with him, he would have some other trump cards. However, with Golden Horned Beast, which only carried some machine-type valuables, Divine Eye Secret Technique was the only trump card he had! And with that secret technique, Luo Feng was invincible in Universe Ocean!

Ever since his willpower had reached the level of an eternal true god, he had already finished the sixth volume of Divine Eye Secret Technique! Against that technique, even those at the true god of void space level would faint! Only those who had reached the level of pinnacle true gods of void space could stay conscious, but their power could be significantly reduced as well, which was why Divine Eye True Master and the others all treated Luo Feng as their leader. He hadn’t expected this Sector Beast to be able to attack at full strength even under the attack of his Divine Eye Technique.

Its willpower resistance is stronger than that of Divine Eye True Master, Luo Feng thought.

“His… His godly body is still intact?”

Sector Beast Morosa kept yelling in agony. It kept putting out the black light, trying to consume Luo Feng’s body, but he found out that Luo Feng’s body wasn’t reduced at all. It knew for sure that its opponent’s body must have been reduced, but it didn’t realize that if the godly body was reduced, it only meant one thing.

The percentage of the godly body was so small that it couldn’t even recognize it. This shocked Morosa. His opponent had only lost such a small amount of godly power? The body of Firefly True Master would have been consumed completely by now, yet Luo Feng’s godly body didn’t seem to be reduced at all!

Impressive. But he can’t do anything about me, Sector Beast Morosa thought.

“Hahaha…! Milky Way Horde Leader, is that all you’ve got?” Sector Beast Morosa guffawed. “I’m the most powerful creature in Universe Ocean, and that willpower shock doesn’t work on me! I won’t fight you anymore. Come at me!”

Hong!

It separated into 99 pieces again and flew in 99 different directions.

Luo Feng didn’t chase them. He couldn’t catch them. He saw Morosa disappear in the space, thinking as he watched it go.

Chapter 1428 - After the

Battle

Luo Feng stood in the void space with furrowed brows, deep in thought.

“Unexpectedly, it still managed to escape.” Luo Feng wore a heavy expression. “And its power was much stronger than what Nine-Headed Demon Master and Blood Orchid Ancestor told me previously! Seems like, over these past dozen years, it has become much stronger. The worst prediction speculated earlier on has now become reality—by devouring the origins of various miniature universes, it is growing and becoming stronger.”

Luo Feng felt the pressure. This Sector Beast only needed to devour the origins of miniature universes to become stronger. If this situation was allowed to go on, the longer the delay, the scarier this Sector Beast would become.

In regards to this battle, Luo Feng hadn’t been fully confident of winning right from the very start. After all, his Golden Horned Beast body was the one fighting the Sector Beast while only equipped with a few common machine-type treasures. His most precious treasures —like Shi Wu Wings, Wu Qi God, and Star Tower—were all with his Remote Ocean body and his Mosha body.

“Even the combination of Universe Chain and Snowy World wasn’t enough to trap it. My Divine Eye secret technique was also unable to weaken its power… However, it finally showed its true self when it was unable to find an escape route. That was before it dashed out of Chain Universe.”

Luo Feng nodded silently. From this, he could deduce that the Sector Beast had been forced into a corner. Previously, when it had engaged in battle with Nine-Headed Demon Master, even when it needed to escape, it hadn’t shown its true self. Any move that required it to reveal its true self in order to execute it must have been an ultimate move! However, Luo Feng was unsure of whether this was the ultimate move of the Sector Beast—or if there were others he did not know of! After all, he had been unable to apprehend it, and it had managed to get away unscathed.

There might have been some escape tactics that had not been executed. According to the derivation, once the Sector Beast surpassed its gestation period and entered its growth period, a threshold within its body would be crossed. Its main purpose was to breed a large number of powerful warriors for battling purposes. Its role was to breed warriors to carry out destruction, similar to how the primal universe bred billions and trillions of living souls! Thus, Sector Beasts certainly had many survival-focused talents.

“Will it pull any other strange moves?” Luo Feng was worried.

After pondering for a long time, Luo Feng shook his head.

“No matter what, this time around, I managed to force it to reveal its true self, which might mean it is nearing its ultimate limit! And my Golden Horned Beast body’s combat power is not enough. When Remote Ocean body and Mosha body arrive with the various treasures they carry with them, they will be able to display much stronger combat power. Just with Wu Qi God and Blood Ghost Blade, my combat power soars up two levels right away.

“The other team is really much stronger than Golden Horned Beast body alone. Absolute dominance. This time, I was able to force it nearer to its ultimate limit. Even if it does have some other weird tactics, the moment my other team makes a move, the various methods it executes progressively should allow me to suppress its weird tactics. I have 90 percent confidence of being able to apprehend it.”

Taking one look at the vessel beside him, he flew in right away, while the chain trailing behind him also followed suit.

Hua!

Immediately, the vessel tore through space and sped away.

In another area amidst the void space, Sector Beast, Morosa, was on the run. It was escaping with a troubled mind.

A universe master had unexpectedly executed a stronger “willpower attack” than it could! One of the types of moves Sector Beast was highly skilled in was the category of soul attacks. Previously, when the nine true gods, including Firefly True Master, had laid siege to it, with a single soundless scream, everyone—even Nine-Headed Demon Master—had been affected. In regards of willpower, Sector Beast Morosa had been born with the skill to execute soul attacks, and it was certainly much stronger than Nine-Headed Demon Master; when it came to the execution of such attacks, it had already attained the level of an eternal true god.

But in regards to willpower, Luo Feng was on par with it! Its ability to execute soul attacks, however, was purely a gift of its innate talent. Luo Feng, on the other hand had undergone the cultivation of one of the strongest secret techniques of the World of Jin, Divine Eye Secret Technique, which enabled him to get his willpower—which was at the level of an eternal true god—to unleash extremely strong power. This was the role of a secret technique! All these secret techniques could enable powers of similar levels to unleash extremely strong power.

Like the secret technique of blazing godly power! Like the secret technique of willpower!

Also, for those who could create profound secret techniques, they were definitely beings from the ancient civilization who stood at the peak of their times, like the three generations of ancestors and the Godly King of Jin. That Sector Beast might have been talented, but its talent was not as sensational as the Divine Eye Secret Technique, which Luo Feng had successfully cultivated to six scrolls.

“What strong willpower. What a massive godly body. Already able to force me to show my true body.” Sector Beast Morosa’s eyes flashed with killing intent. “That human Luo Feng is definitely the most powerful human I’ve ever met. He was even more powerful than that Nine-Headed Demon Master! However, even though he might be more powerful than me, he is unable to handle me. I was still able to escape from his clutches. If I have no reason to fear this Milky Way Horde Leader, who should I fear?”

Sector Beast Morosa gave a hideous laugh. It might have feared Luo Feng, but Luo Feng was unable to do anything to it!

Just one battle with this Milky Way Horde Leader, and I incurred such a loss, thought Sector Beast Morosa. Next time I see him, I should escape immediately… Within such a short period of time, even if my powers can get any stronger, I will still be at the same level as him. Forget being on par—even if I am a little more powerful than he is, he will still be able to escape from me. So fighting him would be a total waste of energy. Not worth it!

“This time, the amount of power I used up through one battle with him was equivalent to the amount of power I can gain from devouring two origins of miniature universes,” Sector Beast Morosa muttered to himself. “If I ever meet him, I should quickly move away.”

Not only him, but the other powerful eight figures of the Universe Ocean, he thought. Whenever I encounter them, I should steer clear. Even if I come face-to-face with them, I will give way. For now, I shall do my best to devour as many origins of miniature universes as possible to increase my power as quickly as I can. Haha… No matter what, at least when it comes to this Universe Ocean Number One Master, I will be able to face him without fear.

Sou!

With a direct teleportation, Sector Beast Morosa disappeared amidst the chaotic airflow of the void space. This battle had chased away the last trace of worry in Sector Beast Morosa’s mind. Although it dreaded having to face Luo Feng, it no longer feared him. It was already convinced that within Universe Ocean, no one was able to kill it!

Virtual universe, in a particular plane of space that solely belonged to Luo Feng.

In the public square before the palace that was suspended in the starry sky, a group of true gods had gathered. At first glance, there were more than 50 of them! Apparently, other than the human true gods, those who had turned up included the true gods from the Ancestral God School, the Space Beast Alliance, and the various races of the Hong Alliance.

Everyone maintained silence. Before them all, Luo Feng sat cross-legged with eyes shut, unmoving.

Not a single true god dared to disturb him because they all knew that at that very moment, Luo Feng was engaged in a battle with that Sector Beast and was giving it his all. Naturally, they did not want to distract him. This battle with the Sector Beast concerned the survival of countless races within the entire Universe Ocean.

“Will Milky Way be able to kill that Sector Beast?”

“He is sure to succeed.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader is the Universe Ocean Number One Master.”

They were all transmitting messages to one another. Since that first message transmitted by Sea Badger True Master had informed them all that Milky Way Horde Leader was already at its miniature universe and was fighting the Sector Beast, the tension had built up across the entire Universe Ocean! As for the numerous true gods within the primal universe, the majority had rushed over via the virtual universe, including Divine Eye True God and Skeleton Master. They were all using their transmission tokens, waiting to learn the outcome.

Hu!

Sitting cross-legged before the crowd, the white-robed figure of Luo Feng opened his eyes and gently exhaled. Instantly, the large group of true gods looked toward Luo Feng expectantly. Standing at the forefront of the crowd was Primal Chaos City Leader.

“How was it?” Primal Chaos City Leader was quick to ask.

The numerous true gods in the surroundings, including the Old Beast God, were all holding their breath as they waited expectantly.

Gently, Luo Feng shook his head. “It managed to escape.”

“Escaped!”

“What? The Sector Beast has escaped?”

“Even Milky Way Horde Leader was unable to kill the Sector Beast! Then who else can be able to kill Sector Beast?”

At merely a single sentence reply from Luo Feng, and various true gods present instantly collapsed. They were all on edge. If the Sector Beast did not die now, then in the future, it would be their turn to die. All their races would be wiped out.

“Everyone!” Luo Feng looked up. His eyes swept through the crowd as he spoke.

Amidst the anxiety and chaos, the numerous true gods quietened down. They did their best to hold back their anxiety and frustrations to hear Luo Feng out.

“Previously, Nine-Headed Demon Master and others fought the Sector Beast in a battle.” Luo Feng remained seated in his spot as he looked at the numerous true gods before him. “This time around, it was my turn to fight the Sector Beast in a battle. I have discovered some information about this Sector Beast.”

Immediately, every single true god present was all ears, listening intently.

“On top of the various information we discovered previously,” Luo Feng said, “we can first confirm one point. The Sector Beast relies on devouring the origins of miniature universes to increase its power. Currently, its power is comparable to Nine-Headed Demon Master and company. Obviously, it is much stronger than before.”

“Ah!”

“Even stronger?”

“It has become stronger?”

The numerous true gods felt their hearts sink. This was a disastrous piece of news. This proved that the Sector Beast would continue to become more powerful as it fed on more origins of miniature universes. And such an increase would happen at an extremely fast rate!

Luo Feng continued. “The second piece of bad news: Previously, when the Sector Beast was fighting Nine-Headed Demon Master and company, its golden giant form was merely a disguise… While I was fighting it, I forced it to reveal its true form. The look of its actual self should be something like this.”

Luo Feng pointed in midair beside him. Immediately, an image took form showing the appearance of the ugly Sector Beast body, all black in color.

“Upon showing its actual body, its two eyes—one on each of its two heads—emitted red light,” Luo Feng said. “These two beams of red light were extremely powerful! This power can be estimated to surpass the normal combat power it usually displays when fighting by around two notches. This was the move that it deployed to escape from me. These are the two main points. The good news is, since we have forced it to show its original form, I suppose it must have reached its ultimate limit.”

Still, the numerous true gods felt heavy-hearted as they listened on. God, this was truly a nightmare.

Through his transmission token, Luo Feng was also transmitting the news over to Divine Eye True Master, Skeleton Master, Jue He Master, Bei Chi Star Master, and many other great beings. Clearly, all of them felt anxious and unsettled upon hearing his report. This was because both were disastrous pieces of information. One meant that the Sector Beast could grow rapidly. The other specified that whenever the Sector Beast took the form of its original body, it would emit red light and then, its combat power would increase by two notches.

“However, there is no cause for worry, everyone,” Luo Feng said. “I can sense that we have our godly power and Sector Beast has its strength. Its strength is not inexhaustible… It was in a battle of strength with me. As we used up more and more of our powers, it finally felt the pinch of exhausting its powers in this manner, so it fled. I even sensed that, towards the end, it was slightly weakened. From this point alone, we can deduce that with a great number of true gods combining their efforts—or with those who possess a great deal of godly power, such as Nine Remoteness True Master—we will be able to deal with it just by using up our godly power alone. Also, I have several other bodies. The battle with the Sector Beast this time was fought by just one of my other bodies, which had not even brought along enough strong treasures. Meaning to say, I have not even revealed my strongest power.”

Chapter 1429 - I’ll Try My

Best

Luo Feng looked at all the true gods from different races in Universe Ocean. He could tell that they were worried, unsettled, and anxious. He couldn’t help but sigh. He couldn’t do anything about it.

He could tell the weaknesses of Sector Beasts, and he could say that he hadn’t shown his maximum power yet. However, the true gods were still unsettled. Luo Feng understood that those true gods weren’t scared for their own lives; anyone who became a true god wasn’t scared of death. However, they still wanted to protect those they cared about. Now, Sector Beasts were trying to destroy everything! Everyone would naturally panic!

“Ah.” Luo Feng shook his head, then stood up and said, “Everyone, I, Luo Feng, will do my best to kill that Sector Beast.” Then he turned around and entered his palace.

Those true gods were all worried, but upon seeing Luo Feng enter the palace, they left as well.

Luo Feng had a great reputation, as he was the strongest great being in Universe Ocean! However, the fight between him and the Sector Beast also spoke volumes. It was only one Sector Beast that had come out of the nest, yet Luo Feng failed to kill it. When that news was spread, all the races in Universe Ocean would be anxious. Fortunately, Luo Feng had several bodies, and he hadn’t even used all his power.

“Milky Way Horde Leader is only a universe master. When he becomes a true god, his power will surge again, and he can totally kill that Sector Beast!”

“It’s only one Sector Beast, but it’s already so powerful. There is a large group of Sector Beasts in that nest! How are we supposed to fight against them? No wonder the original mind pointed out that Milky Way Horde Leader is the strongest great being in Universe Ocean. Perhaps the only chance for us to survive is Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“Other than Milky Way Horde Leader, we true gods need to cooperate to fight that Sector Beast.”

While Universe Ocean was in chaos, in Milky Way Holy Land of the human territory in the original universe, the endless Remote Ocean was tumbling.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

After over a trillion eras, the Remote Ocean had expanded to a diameter of 12 light years. When it had reached this limit, no matter how much power Luo Feng swallowed from the original universe, he wasn’t able to expand his Remote Ocean further. Of course, if he consumed his godly power, he could still expand it. For what it was worth, the volume of the Remote Ocean had already reached its limit!

A being stood above the endless Remote Ocean—a white-caped being looking into the vast space in the distance.

“Earth!”

Luo Feng looked at the space in the distance. Through his control over space and time, scenes kept being transferred to his sight through space and time until he could see the polar system near Milky Way Holy Land. He also saw the blue planet that was his birthplace, Earth.

Luo Feng was able to see everything happening on Earth. Children were growing. Teenagers were practicing hard in dojos. Travelers were admiring the dead heroes from the “swallowing beast battle” in front of their sculptures. His eyes took in all these scenes.

“Are you looking at your hometown?” said an ancient voice.

Luo Feng took back his sight, and everything became space again. He looked to the side and saw Sitting Mountain Guest with two antennae on his head.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng lowered his head for a second to show respect.

“Why are you looking at your hometown?” Sitting Mountain Guest chuckled and smiled. The teacher and the disciple stood on top of the endless Remote Ocean, conversing.

“I’m anxious,” said Luo Feng. “That is why I am looking at my hometown, watching the people there. I feel like if I were back home, then I could be calm.”

“Anxious? You get anxious?” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. “This third disciple of mine is always tranquil, peaceful, and persistent, and you see through everything delusional. It’s not easy to make you anxious.”

Luo Feng said, “If it affects those whom I protect, I’ll be anxious. Sector Beasts are a catastrophe for the entire Universe Ocean. If we can’t get through this, all the races will die out. My home planet and my people will all die, from the great beings to the ordinary people. But I’m not confident that I can defeat them, so I’m anxious.”

“Not confident?” Sitting Mountain Guest was shocked.

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded. “I’ve fought a Sector Beast. Although I forced it to reveal its true body, I reckon that it still has some techniques it hasn’t shown… I’m somewhat confident, but I can’t say for sure. Besides, that was only one Sector Beast out of the entire nest. Thinking about that makes me more worried.”

Sitting Mountain Guest nodded. He could understand Luo Feng’s feelings.

“You don’t need to worry.” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “The mind of the original universe tried to guide you several times, and it tells you to deal with Sector Beasts through the three ancestral gods… Apparently, it places its hopes in you, and that’s why it did that. As for the current Sector Beast problem, other true gods can’t change a thing. You’re the only living chance for the original universe.”

Luo Feng was stunned.

“Sector Beasts are not easy to deal with.” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “The original universe represents life and reproduction in Universe Ocean. As for Sector Beasts, they represent destruction. They are opposites! The Sector Beasts are at the same level as the original universe, so it’s not that easy to kill them. Usually, in each era, Sector Beasts are able to roam the entire Universe Ocean and destroy all the races. The original universe would be completely destroyed and become an origin. Only after the Sector Beasts leave will the original universe origin become an original universe again.

“However, this time, you’re here for the Sector Beasts’ arrival. There’s no need for you to deny it. Although I tried to guide you, and you indeed are lucky, you have great potential on your own! No matter what kind of inheritance it is, it’s very demanding when it comes to selection. Without that sort of inborn potential, you can’t get an inheritance in the first place. You have great potential, and you’re lucky, so you became very powerful. This time, the original universe has an opportunity to live because of you!”

Luo Feng was dazed. That was right. The inheritance from Duan Dong and the inheritance from the World of Jin—neither had been easy to obtain.

“With luck, a great being was born.” Sitting Mountain Guest chuckled and smiled. “And now, when the true gods in Universe Ocean cooperate, they can deal with one or two Sector Beasts. However, after a while, the Sector Beasts will keep eating each other, and there would be fewer and fewer of them. Those that survive will be much stronger, and when that moment comes, the true gods won’t be able to resist them. That will be the beginning of a real apocalypse. I… Although I can…”

Sitting Mountain Guest paused for a bit, then said, “But I can’t resist the Sector Beasts either. You’re the only chance the original universe has. Of course, you’re not strong enough to defeat Sector Beasts now.” He shook his head. “When you become a true god, you will be the greatest true god ever born in the original universe! Only after you become a true god will you stand a chance of defeating Sector Beasts. Of course, although I have said you’re the only chance, it doesn’t mean you can definitely succeed. If you fail, all the races in Universe Ocean, not to mention the original universe, including the earthlings… All of them will be annihilated, and none of them will live.”

Luo Feng nodded mildly. He understood.

Even though he could tell that teacher Sitting Mountain Guest was being mysterious, anytime Sitting Mountain Guest talked to him, Luo Feng could sense that he was constantly being admonished by the mind of the original universe. Luo Feng could infer that Sitting Mountain Guest didn’t have a good relationship with the original mind. If Sitting Mountain Guest could have actually saved Universe Ocean, the original universe would’ve asked him for help already.

“I’ll try my best,” said Luo Feng.

“Of course, there’s no need for you to be worried,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “This is only one Sector Beast, and there’s still a long time before the final Sector Beast king is born. The power of the Sector Beasts is far from the pinnacle level. The Sector Beast that came out this time isn’t the most powerful one in the nest. If it was, it wouldn’t have left the nest. Your power is enough to deal with the Sector Beasts at the current level.”

Luo Feng nodded. “For what it’s worth, I’ll try my best to kill that Sector Beast, and I’ll succeed next time!”

Sector Beast Morosa became more cautious after his fight against Luo Feng.

It kept eating the origins of miniature universes time and time again, but every time a powerful true god approached it, it would immediately run away. Divine Eye Master and the others also encountered the Sector Beast. They used space seal against it, but each time that Sector Beast would try its best to run away, and they couldn’t stop it.

Three years after Sector Beast Morosa fought Luo Feng, Nine Remoteness Master fought the Sector Beast!

The fight attracted the attention of the entire Universe Ocean, and Luo Feng was excited as well.

Nine Remoteness Master was a lot like Luo Feng. Both were from the original universe, although they were in different areas of Universe Ocean. This time, when the Sector Beast was swallowing the origin, it happened to be close to Nine Remoteness Master.

Nine Remoteness Master was different from other great beings, as he feared from the start that the Sector Beast would disintegrate and run away. Nine Remoteness Master sealed the space first, and then his body became an endless ocean—an ocean with a diameter of over a light year!

It was godly power that was endless! It immediately immersed the Sector Beast, who became anxious. It had learned from its slaves that Nine Remoteness Master had the most godly power in Universe Ocean! He could literally consume all the power of Sector Beasts and only lose a small part of his godly power.

Sector Beast Morosa immediately broke its body in two parts—yes, two instead of 99. They flew in different directions so fast that they still surpassed the speed limit of Universe Ocean even being blocked by the godly power ocean. With that terrific speed, they flew out of the endless ocean in less than half a day.

Nine Remoteness Master was indeed fast, but he could only move slowly after turning into an ocean. He could certainly turn back into a humanoid shape and show up anywhere in the ocean, but the Sector Beast had divided in two, flying in different directions, so Nine Remoteness True Master didn’t know which one to chase. Thus, the Sector Beast ran away.

However, even though it ran away, its strength was still greatly consumed by the godly power ocean. The Sector Beast made it out, but it was severely damaged by the time it got out. It was quite scared. Nine Remoteness Master was more frightening than Luo Feng! He could literally consume him to death!

Chapter 1430 - Me Again!

On the square in front of the Ancestral God Palace in the ancestral god secret region, two beings walked side by side.

“Last time, Milky Way Horde Leader failed, but Nine Remoteness True Master failed as well,” whispered the youngest ancestral god, garbed in red armor. “I know it’s difficult to kill the Sector Beasts, but I didn’t expect even a Sector Beast from the nest to be so…”

Walking beside him was a female surrounded by a coat of pink flowers. She was the newest true god of Ancestral God School, “Froth Flower True God.”

Froth Flower True God said, “That was only a temporary failure. Milky Way Horde Leader said that he only used one of his bodies while he was fighting the Sector Beast last time. He also didn’t bring any impressive valuables, so he didn’t use all his power. If Milky Way Horde Leader had used all his power, he would’ve killed that Sector Beast.”

“Yes. Milky Way separated his bodies into two different teams,” said the young ancestral god. “One of them was in a spaceship, and the other one is in Star Tower,. The team in Star Tower is the most powerful.”

“That’s right,” said Froth Flower True God. “He forced that Sector Beast to reveal its true body. The stronger team must be able to kill that Sector Beast.”

The young ancestral god couldn’t help but turn his head to look at Froth Flower True God.

“What happened?” Froth Flower True God asked.

“You’re not like before, under the pressure of Sector Beasts. Mo Hua was so tranquil, and I’ve never seen you so eager and anxious.”

Froth Flower True God was stunned. She then sighed and said, “I’ll go first.” And she took a step and disappeared.

There were many universe portals inside the ancestral god secret region, and one led to a miniature universe in Universe Ocean. It was the miniature universe of Froth Flower True God.

“Ha! Haha…”

“Come!”

“You’re not my match!”

At the center of the miniature universe of Froth Flower True God was an area where the view was breathtaking. There were many creatures living there, yet the creatures were only things that had been gathered by the Froth Flower Spirit race.

“Sister!”

“Sister!”

When Froth Flower True God appeared in the canyon, all the beautiful creatures from the Froth Flower Spirit race flew toward her. The Froth Flower Spirit race was a race made up of special life forms in the original universe. There were 999 creatures from Froth Flower Spirit race born in the original universe in total. 82 of them had died, but the others were still alive. They all looked identical, and they were very close to each other, like family members. They were energy life forms, but they also had the characteristics of plants. They harbored a natural love for peace.

“What is this? A body?” Froth Flower True God gazed at a body lying in the distance.

A beautiful girl of Froth Flower Spirit race squatting before her. “Yes. Sister, you obtained many life forms from the original universe, and they’re breeding here. They have formed different kingdoms and races, and they fight each other. I disguised myself and went to the battlefield. I met a young man named ‘Wu Ni.’ He was very young, only twelve years old. I really like him. I left the battlefield and went somewhere else, but by the time I got back, he was already killed.”

Froth Flower True God felt sad. He had been killed? If they couldn’t survive this catastrophe, the sisters who had lived with her for a trillion eras might all die.

“Milky Way Horde Leader, you must kill that Sector Beast.” Froth Flower True God was expectant.

Universe Ocean, in the space outside Universe Boat, in one of the three Lands of Extremis.

Because of the World of Jin, there were few who were still in the three Lands of Extremis. In this space, Sitting Mountain Guest stood, staring at Universe Boat in the distance.

“Universe Boat…” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “Duan Dong River was almost destroyed by Sector Beasts, but my disciple inherited it. I sank to this level because of Sector Beasts!”

Sitting Mountain Guest looked up. There was an invisible force up there exerting pressure on him. Other true gods might not have been able to sense it, but Sitting Mountain Guest could.

“You don’t need to concentrate on me all the time,” whispered Sitting Mountain Guest. “I know the rules, so I won’t go against them. You can’t do anything about me.”

The force was still there, which made Sitting Mountain Guest shake his head and smile.

“You’re afraid of the Sector Beast, right?” He raised his head and said, “I know you’re scared of it! Do you really think Sector Beasts will only swallow part of your origin? Not necessarily! It might be able to annihilate your mind, and when the original universe is transformed and reborn, there might be a new original mind. You’ll be totally annihilated. Right?”

The force was still up there. It didn’t disappear, but it didn’t strengthen. No matter what Sitting Mountain Guest said, it remained steady.

“Haha… You’re looking forward to my disciple,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “You need to thank me. You let out both the inheritance from Duan Dong River and the World of Jin… You want to cultivate a peerless genius in the original universe to find a chance to survive. Luo Feng’s success is my success and yours.”

Still, nothing changed up there. No matter what Sitting Mountain Guest said, it didn’t react at all.

Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head and whispered, “Sector Beasts… They represent destruction. Because of them, countless powers have been annihilated and countless inheritances destroyed… Everyone depends on my disciple now. If he can kill the Sector Beasts, we’ll enter a whole new era. But if Sector Beasts prevail, everything will be in vain.”

All the races in Universe Ocean were expectant. They all thought that Luo Feng was their only hope. After all, other than that particular Sector Beast, there existed the terrifying Sector Beast nest, and nobody knew how many Sector Beasts were in the nest.

In the fourth year after Luo Feng fought the Sector Beast, Rampaging Devil God sent an anxious message to Milky Way Horde Leader, Divine Eye True Master, Nine-Headed Devil Master, and the others. “Everyone, the Sector Beast showed up in front of my miniature universe, and if it keeps eating my origin. The origin of my miniature universe will be finished soon.”

Luo Feng sent a message. “Rampaging Devil God! I’ve arrived.”

Rampaging Devil Master was exhilarated. He hadn’t expected Milky Way Horde Leader to be right beside his miniature universe. Ever since Luo Feng had voiced his suspicions of a spy in Universe Ocean, nobody knew Luo Feng’s whereabouts.

“Which team is it, Milky Way Horde Leader?” Rampaging Devil God couldn’t help asking.

Of course, Rampaging Devil God knew he could escape the disaster no matter which team it was. However, Luo Feng had told everyone before that he had two teams, one of which was stronger while the other was weaker.

“The spaceship,” answered Luo Feng.

Sector Beast Morosa stood in the space, and there was black mist permeating. Traces of tortuous light extended toward the space in the distance, swallowing the origin of that miniature universe.

“I was injured by Milky Way Horde Leader, and I lost a great amount of my power after the fight against Nine Remoteness True Master! I was severely weakened! I’ve been eating origins for years, and my power has finally recovered.”

Sector Beast Morosa was furious, but it also wanted to get back to the nest, kill the other Sector Beasts, and become the ultimate king. If he kept being weakened, it would take it forever.

When I become stronger, I’ll definitely kill them both, Sector Beast Morosa thought.

Hua!

The space suddenly froze.

“No!” Sector Beast Morosa was shocked. It sensed its surroundings, and a silver spaceship in the distance showed up. “It’s Milky Way Horde Leader again!” Sector Beast Morosa was furious. It raised its head and yelled. “Howl!”

All of a sudden, a multitude of engravings appeared on its entire body. Its body immediately cracked, turning into 99 bodies that tried to flee in different directions.

“Universe Chain! Snowy World!”

The snow kept began falling, immediately suppressing the speed of all those 99 bodies. At the same time, the giant chain was floating in the sky, and many thin, long chains extended in different directions like an opening umbrella, forming a chain universe.

“Damn Milky Way Horde Leader!” Sector Beast Morosa yelled furiously.

Last time, when it was trapped, it had consumed lots of power to get out. After that, he had eaten some miniature universes to become stronger, but his power had then been greatly consumed by Nine Remoteness Master. Now, it had almost recovered, only to encounter Luo Feng again. It was a nightmare!

Even though this Golden Horned Beast of mine can’t kill you, it will weaken your power, Luo Feng thought.

This was the strategy of Universe Ocean.

Blood Mountain True God, Blood Orchid Ancestor, and other true gods who had great godly power all led true gods. Many from the original universe also went out, and each true god in those teams had a great amount of godly power, like plant life form true gods and mountain true gods.

Many had godly bodies 100 million kilometers tall, and some of them were ten billion kilometers tall. After the Sector Beast’s battles against Luo Feng and Nine Remoteness, everyone realized that consuming godly power was an efficient way to deal with a Sector Beast. Universe Ocean had reorganized their tactics and started to mutually consume godly power. Other true gods couldn’t trap the Sector Beast, so the Sector Beast got away again and again, but it greatly slowed down its consumption of the origins of miniature universes.

“Damn it.” The Sector Beast flew through space, looking into the distance. It could see the contours of a miniature universe. “They’re all trying to consume my godly power. Fortunately, only Luo Feng and Nine Remoteness can greatly consume my strength. As for the others, they can only slightly affect me. That Luo Feng will change directions if he meets me. Last time, he met me right outside the miniature universe of Rampaging Devil God. He must have left. But now, after three years, he’s back! I’ll start to eat!”

The Sector Beast clenched his teeth.

Rampaging Devil God could sense that his miniature universe was being swallowed. It had only been three years, but the Sector Beast was back again! There were 20 to 30 lone true gods in Universe Ocean. Why was he fated to suffer yet again?

“Everyone! The Sector Beast is outside my miniature universe!” Rampaging Devil God could only send a message to the outside.

“Rampaging Devil God, I’ve arrived. Tell me its coordinates.”

“Ah! Milky Way Horde Leader!” Rampaging Devil Master was happy.

“Okay.”

A nine-story tower was floating out there. Inside it were Hong, Fire Dome, and Luo Feng. Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “Finally, the team of Star Tower meets the Sector Beast.”

Chapter 1431 - The Might of

Star Tower

The moment Luo Feng fought Sector Beast, he would change location without fail. That Golden Horned Beast body boarded his vessel and left right away. The team onboard Star Tower also followed suit in changing location. Furthermore, there were so many miniature universes within the Universe Ocean—where to go, exactly? At that time, Luo Feng instinctively made a move of intention, and Star Tower made its way right over to Rampaging Devil God’s miniature universe!

“My Star Tower team is much stronger Golden Horned Beast. That is where my strongest combat power lies!” Luo Feng’s fighting spirit was ablaze. “Twice I fought it, and twice it escaped. This time around, I will make sure it cannot escape!”

This confidence was not unfounded but based on absolute power!

Sou!

Star Tower immediately teleported and headed to the coordinates provided by Rampaging Devil God.

Sector Beast Morosa stood in the void space where the surroundings were filled with black fog. Streams of distorted light rays extended right into the void space and continued to devour the origin of the miniature universe. It was maintaining vigilance by keeping close tabs on its surroundings.

“I hope Milky Way Horde Leader and Nine Remoteness True Master do not appear here.” Sector Beast Morosa prayed fervently. “I need to become more powerful, much more powerful…”

Many true god teams were now appearing in Universe Ocean, and all these teams were led by true gods with super great godly powers. While Sector Beast Morosa was helpless against them, it did not fear them. It only feared Luo Feng and Nine Remoteness.

Merely a short moment later, the space around him suddenly froze. Sector Beast Morosa was shocked.

“Huh?” Sector Beast Morosa immediately looked off into the distance. A nine-story tower had appeared out of nowhere. When he saw the tower, he let his guard down. Luckily, it was not the vessel Nine Remoteness True Master and Milky Way Horde Leader traveled about in. But it only took a short moment for Sector Beast Morosa to display a drastic change in expression.

“No!” it said when it was finally capable of reacting. This was Milky Way Horde Leader’s supreme true treasure, which was highly-reputed throughout Universe Ocean: Star Tower! “How could it be you?” Sector Beast Morosa roared in fury.

One of the doors at the base level of Star Tower opened. Luo Feng, in a suit of black armor, walked out with a blade slung across his back. A tail that was swaying behind him.

“You’re right, it’s me again,” Luo Feng said.

“You, you, you…” Sector Beast, Morosa, looked at Luo Feng. It was fuming. It knew the capabilities of this Milky Way Horde Leader before it. Even if it tried to escape, Milky Way Horde Leader would be able to trap it right away. Then it would be forced to use up a large amount of energy to execute its ultimate technique before it could escape.

Sector Beast Morosa yelled, “Milky Way Horde Leader! Don’t push it! You yourself know… there is no way you can catch me. Don’t press your luck. If I really get angry, I will make sure you regret it this time!”

“Regret it?” Luo Feng stood in the void space. Everything was within his control at that moment. If he could get some information from Sector Beast Morosa, then it was obvious that Luo Feng would be most willing to listen.

“How are you going to make me regret it?” Luo Feng pressed, purposely challenging the Sector Beast with a tinge of sarcasm. “You alone? You are not my match. My human race is a race of the primal universe. We have many true gods that can arrive at any of our race’s miniature universes at any time. You stand no chance at all.”

Sector Beast, Morosa, said in a low voice, “True. Alone, I stand no chance, but what if I were to lead a group of Sector Beasts over here?”

Luo Feng trembled at the thought of it. A group of Sector Beasts? Oh, God…

A single Sector Beast was enough to create chaos in the entire Universe Ocean. If an entire group showed up, that would be a nightmare. The true gods could also form numerous teams, but if the Sector Beasts were to follow suit, how would the true gods fight them off?

“You had better not take my words lightly,” Sector Beast Morosa said in a low voice. “I do have such an ability.”

This was the truth. The Sector Beast was the noblest life form born in Universe Ocean. After one billion Sector Beasts were born, these billion were destined to devour one another until only one remained alive. The surviving Sector Beast would be the final king, and also, the final one who truly qualified to represent destruction! The final Sector Beast who was lucky enough to survive would then qualify to be placed on the same scale as the primal universe.

Because it was fated that there could only be one survivor, these Sector Beasts were all born with the ability to detect one another’s presence. Sector Beast Morosa was no exception; after it managed to escape the best, it could sense where the other Sector Beasts were, so even if it where to get lost within Universe Ocean, it could rely on its senses to return home! Not only were they able to sense one another, but they were also telepathic and could communicate with one another’s souls. And because of this, even if a Sector Beast intended to avoid fighting, there was no way it could get its way!

Within the Land of Darkness, there were other Sector Beasts who had detected Sector Beast Morosa’s escape. But none of them were concerned. They just had to wait a while longer to devour Morosa.

“They don’t know how delicious the origins of miniature universes are, or how devouring them can help to increase power. If they knew, they would definitely come charging out,” Sector Beast Morosa mumbled to itself. “However, this is such a precious opportunity, so there is no way I can give it up to them. These origins of miniature universes are all mine.”

Sector Beast Morosa was unwilling to share its secret. If it were to tell the others, then it would no longer be able to have everything to itself. However, if it was forced into such a dire situation by Luo Feng and Nine Remoteness—where not only was it unable to increase its power, but its power might be weakened instead—then it would, in a fit of anger, tell the numerous Sector Beasts within their nest in the Land of Darkness everything it knew. Even if the majority of Sector Beasts were unwilling to leave their nest (it was an innate characteristic of the Sector Beasts to not usually be keen to leave their nest), Morosa’s guess was that there would still be a few who were having a tough time within the nest and would be willing to leave.

Luo Feng made a mental note. Then, with a sneer, he said, “Oh? How do you intend to lead those Sector Beasts? Also… within your Sector Beasts’ nest, how many Sector Beasts are there in all? If the number is small, I won’t be daunted.”

“Hahaha. If you want to know more information, then you should go look into it for yourself. Go to the nest of the Sector Beasts. You should not behave like the two cowards previously, who only stayed around the borders. They were so afraid that they fled. Venture deep into our nest of Sector Beasts if you have the guts.”

As Sector Beast Morosa spoke, Hong, who was within Star Tower, frowned with closely knitted brows. Cowards? Of the two who had entered the nest, one of them was him, Hong!

“Since you have nothing else to say, let’s battle.” Luo Feng wanted to make a move right away.

“Stop!” said Sector Beast Morosa, its expression changing. Every single time they fought, it required a long time to restore its power. It was reluctant to fight Luo Feng any further. But the initiative rested in Luo Feng’s hands. Even if it were to divide bodies to make an escape now, Luo Feng would be able to apprehend him. So he responded right away, “Milky Way Horde Leader, let’s make a deal.”

“A deal?” Luo Feng raised a brow.

“Yes!” Sector Beast, Morosa, replied immediately. “I can swear an oath, that I will absolutely not lay a finger on your human race, and I will not devour the origins of your miniature universes. But you cannot put me in a difficult spot either. How about it?”

Luo Feng snorted. “An oath? Of what use is an oath?”

“I can issue an oath under the law, with the laws of Universe Ocean as witness whereof, I hereby issue my oath. By the time the law has been passed down… you will also be able to clearly detect it, and then you will come to understand that there is no way I can break an oath. After all, I am also a living soul that was bred from within the Universe Ocean. I trust you are aware that Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God are both on the Sector Beasts’ side.”

Sector Beast Morosa had long been aware of the fact that the various races of Universe Ocean had discovered the true identities of those two underlings. The various races of Universe Ocean had shunned Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God for quite some time.

Luo Feng nodded.

“Why did they trust that we, the Sector Beasts, would not kill them? This was all because of… oaths! Oaths under the law!” Sector Beast said.

“An oath coming from a single Sector Beast like yourself? How can it possibly represent all the Sector Beasts?” Luo Feng shook his head in disbelief.

“Of course it cannot. For those who decided to seek refuge with the Sector Beasts, other than oaths, there are other ways… In short, the Sector Beasts would absolutely not attack them again.” Sector Beast Morosa looked at Luo Feng. “If Milky Way Horde Leader is willing to come over to us, I can allow you to possess a different kind of power. And in regards to all your ‘Sector Beast crisis,’ so long as you submit yourself to us, you will be a part of us and will not be affected at all.”

Luo Feng knew what the Sector Beast was referring to. This so-called “different kind of power” was the power that Great Thunder Star Master had previously used. It was the power the Sector Beasts possessed. However, Luo Feng was aware of the fact that there was no such thing as a free lunch. Even legends of the ancient civilization had records of numerous powerful nations that had been destroyed but had never sought refuge with the Sector Beasts. From this alone, he could deduce that seeking refuge with the Sector Beasts might lead to another situation. He might even become a slave with no power of resistance at all.

“Stop your nonsense.” Luo Feng ordered coldly.

“It’s also alright if you do not want to come over,” Sector Beast Morosa continued to say. “How about me not being an enemy of your human race? Wouldn’t that be good?”

“Even if we can hide from you, we cannot avoid the other Sector Beasts from your Sector Beast nest,” Luo Feng continued in his cold tone. “Are you able to get all the other Sector Beasts to swear upon the same oath, to never make any advances on my human race?”

Sector Beast Morosa was taken aback. How was that possible…? Like the powerful “Beddy,” who could get much more powerful by devouring other Sector Beasts, how was it possible to let the entire human race off the hook?

“In that case, be prepared to meet your doom!” Luo Feng shouted.

But Luo Feng did not react immediately. He wanted to see if there was any other way to force this Sector Beast Morosa into giving him more important information.

“Loathsome Milky Way Horde Leader! You are always forcing me into corners! I will absolutely not spare you, absolutely not!”

Sector Beast Morosa finally let go of all restraints and went wild. It no longer had the patience to negotiate with Luo Feng. With a loud howl, many diagrams of engravings appeared on its body. Enshrouded by 99 diagrams of secret engravings, its body immediately exploded with a loud crash and was divided into 99 parts. Then it started to flee.

Luo Feng looked on from afar, sneering. Inside Star Tower, which was not far away, his Remote Ocean body had ten silver wings widely spread behind it as its godly power executed the third volume of Duan Mie—Annihilation. It was also burning up its godly body to the ultimate limit and making use of Shi Wu Wings to activate this technique.

Weng!

In the vast void of space, a white fog began to fill up an area of several light years. This area of void space had long been isolated from the outside world, and an infinitely powerful restraining force enveloped this part of the void space.

At that moment, the restraining force far surpassed the force of Snowy World, causing the 99 escaping parts divided from Morosa’s original body to slow down. Although its speed was being reduced, it was still flying.

“Still able to fly?” Mosha Luo Feng, in his Wu Qi God armor, looked on from afar and shook his head. He could not be bothered to use a method similar to Universe Chain. He had something more powerful. “Star Tower!”

Luo Feng made a move in mind

Hong!

From afar, Star Tower suddenly released an incomparably violent outburst of energy, which instantly enshrouded an area of several light years. The entire area was enveloped.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The nine entrances at the base of Star Tower were like nine bottomless whirlpools, crazily devouring everything. A bout of bizarre devouring force was produced at each entrance. And when the nine different forces combined into one point, an area of a couple of light years was selected by this bizarre, aggressive whirlpool. It was even stronger than that of “single thought void space”!

Originally, it was already very difficult for the 99 divided bodies to accelerate and fly out, yet upon falling into the endless Star Tower whirlpool world, it started to reduce speed rapidly.

Suddenly, rather advancing, it actually started to fly backward.

Chapter 1432 - Blood of Beast

God

Luo Feng looked at the 99 bodies that flew back, and he couldn’t help smiling.

He was able to create techniques at level eight now, and he could utilize the seventh level of Star Tower! The sixth level of engravings of Star Tower was top-tier level eight, and the seventh-level engravings were level nine. Once it was performed, it would create a terrifying “Whirlpool World” much stronger than “single thought void space” or Shi Wu Wing.

It was not that Shi Wu Wing couldn’t rival Star Tower. The center of Shi Wu Wing contained the energies of the former master, so Luo Feng didn’t want to use those energies. He couldn’t fully utilize the maximum power of Shi Wu Wing.

When he used the origin to drive Shi Wu Wing, the power could be maximized, and then, “single thought void space” would be much stronger than Whirlpool World.

Currently, the seventh level of Star Tower, Whirlpool World, was definitely the supreme domain-type technique.

Hong! Long! Long!

Nine different kinds of energies had already torn the space apart, forming a terrific Whirlpool World.

“How so? How did he become so powerful? When I fought him the last time, he wasn’t powerful like this. Although that Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng has several bodies, the power of each should be equal.”

The 99 bodies of Morosa couldn’t resist it at all, and they couldn’t help flying toward Star Tower. Star Tower was the center of the dark Whirlpool World! The nine tower doors were stirring everything!

“Close!” The Sector Beast gave up, and all of a sudden, all the other 99 bodies became hollow. One of them immediately bulged, turning into a Sector Beast.

Sector Beast Morosa was trying to resist it. It could barely keep balance without being swallowed.

When it separated its body, each of the resulting bodies was weak, so they were easily swallowed. When all 99 were combined into one, it could barely stand still.

“What should I do? What should I do?” Sector Beast Morosa was anxious.

How was it supposed to run away without disintegrating its bodies? Luo Feng could catch it easily and make sure it would never get away. Besides, under the combination of “single thought void space” and Whirlpool World, it could barely stand straight and was destined to fly slowly. Luo Feng had created all of this, so he could easily catch up with it.

Hong!

Luo Feng, clad in black armor, walked toward the Sector Beast. He seemed to be walking casually, but he was so fast that the Sector Beast was jealous. Luo Feng was tens of thousands of times faster than it was while under the combined effects of “single thought void space” and Whirlpool World!

“Milky Way Horde Leader…” Sector Beast Morosa clenched its teeth and glared at Luo Feng. “No wonder you’re the strongest great being in Universe Ocean. I’ve underestimated you.”

“Come again! Try your luck!” Luo Feng said coldly as he walked toward him. “You can concentrate the bloody light into your eyes, right? That move is impressive. Why don’t you perform it now?”

The Sector Beast was furious. He used that move as a trump card. Even if it could temporarily suppress Luo Feng, it would do him no good, as it still couldn’t get him out of this world.

“Milky Way Horde Leader, you know that I’ll call a large group of Sector Beasts here if you leave me no choice,” Sector Beast Morosa said, glaring at Luo Feng. “Don’t push me! Let me go! And I swear that I will never target humans in the future. If you let me go, I’ll make a vow to the rules of Universe Ocean! This is my only request. Let me go now! You can never attack me in the future, but let me go now!”

“Let you go? I finally caught you, and you think I’ll just let you go?”

Luo Feng was smirking on the surface, but thoughts flooded his mind. There was a large group of Sector Beasts in the nest. There was only one Sector Beast in front of him. It was indeed important to kill this particular Sector Beast; to all the races in Universe Ocean, one living Sector Beast was a disaster.

“You said you’re going to lead a large group of Sector Beasts here, but you’re trapped here now. How are you going to do that?” Luo Feng sneered.

“You don’t understand us at all!” said Sector Beast Morosa. “Only one Sector Beast will survive in the end, and he will be the king! If one Sector Beast runs away and gets lost in Universe Ocean, other Sector Beasts can’t kill him. In such an event, there will be two or more Sector Beasts that survive. Then the king will never be born!” Luo Feng nodded.

“Sector Beasts can sense each other, and we can communicate with our minds,” said Morosa. “No matter how far we are from each other.”

That was the truth.

After some time, all the Sector Beasts had to return to the nest and kill each other until the final king was born.

Sector Beast Morosa said, “So you can’t kill me. If you kill me, I’ll send the message to the Sector Beast nest, and there’ll be a large group of Sector Beasts coming this way.”

“Oh?” Luo Feng answered.

“You agree?”

Sector Beast Morosa was anxious. This Luo Feng was terrifying. If he didn’t kill it, it would be great. Even if it made a promise to the rules of Universe Ocean, it only meant that it wasn’t going to kill Luo Feng. Other Sector Beasts would still try to kill Luo Feng.

It knew that the fewer Sector Beasts there were, the more powerful the remaining Sector Beasts would become. This Luo Feng was indeed powerful, but he wouldn’t be able to resist the Sector Beasts in the future.

“Agree?” Luo Feng shook his head. “I can’t kill you because you threaten me? Does that mean I can’t kill other Sector Beasts if they also threaten me? Haha… I can kill you and other Sector Beasts! I’ll kill as many as I can if they come. Once you’re trapped in the area I control, no matter whether there is one Sector Beast or ten, they won’t be able to escape it. Thank you, for letting me know that Sector Beasts can send messages through their minds.”

As soon as Luo Feng finished talking—

Shua!

His force suddenly surged, and he burned his godly power to the largest extent. A blurry phantom showed up in the Whirlpool World, and it charged at Sector Beast Morosa.

Sector Beast Morosa was furious. “You’ll regret this!” it bellowed.

“Regret?” Luo Feng smirked.

Luo Feng, clad in black armor, had already driven the powerful machine-type valuable Wu Qi God. Now he took out the Blood Shadow Blade on his back. Blood Shadow Blade was an embryo, and the attack could be greatly improved by being performed through the blade. Besides, Wu Qi God itself was far superior to other machine-type valuables. When the two were combined, Luo Feng’s power surged.

“Golden Light Ocean!”

Luo Feng performed the technique, and Sector Beast Morosa— moving very slowly under the combination of “single thought void space” and Whirlpool World—couldn’t dodge it at all.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The blade’s light shone under Luo Feng, and there were golden waves around him. The waves tumbled, striking Sector Beast Morosa relentlessly. Sector Beast Morosa, who was trying to resist, roared, “Why? Why are you so much more powerful than last time?”

The golden waves weren’t actually waves. They were waves made up of blade light, and Luo Feng’s blade contained gold law. However, the blade technique was as soft as the caress of a lover. Those golden waves looked soft as they kept patting the Sector Beast. However, they were endless. This was one of the supreme techniques created by Luo Feng, “Golden Light Ocean”!

Chi! Chi! Chi!

The waves kept eroding the Sector Beast, making it weaker. Sector Beast Morosa yelled in pain. It couldn’t believe what was happening, as Luo Feng was far stronger than last time.

“Strong?” said Luo Feng. “You’re saying I’m strong? Then it’s your glory to die by the hands of a great being.”

Luo Feng had no mercy. The blade light was unrelenting and kept consuming the Sector Beast’s power. When it was difficult to fight the Sector Beast directly, one could choose to mutually consume godly power. However, when one was at an absolute advantage, it would only need to lose a small portion of energy to consume a great deal of the Sector Beast’s power.

“Howl!” The Sector Beast Morosa roared, and the golden body immediately changed into that black, ugly figure. Both of its eyes stared at Luo Feng. “You—you’ll regret this!” Sector Beast Morosa was roaring.

All of a sudden, a trace of gleaming black light showed up all over its body. The black light turned red—so bloody that it intimidated all who saw it. The bloody light covered Sector Beast Morosa.

“Howl!”

Sector Beast Morosa roared. Long arms extended from its body. There were over 100 arms, and they were resisting the blade attacks from Luo Feng. The bloody light obviously boosted the overall strength. It was almost as powerful as Luo Feng.

The attack from Luo Feng made the Sector Beast’s body sink, but it never actually slashed Morosa.

“You’ve indeed used all your power. Then make another move!” Luo Feng yelled. “Golden Horn of Beasts!”

All the golden waves disappeared, and the surroundings turned back to the dark Whirlpool World again. Inside, a blurry golden horn appeared. It looked as if this giant golden horn could pierce through the entire universe. There was endless power in it, and it stabbed toward Sector Beast Morosa.

It was a miracle for universe masters to create techniques at level eight. However, Luo Feng had created more than one.

Golden Light Ocean was weaker, but it was long-lasting. As for “Golden Horn of Beasts,” it was only a single attack, so every time it was performed, Luo Feng needed to store enough power. Of course, it was a powerful move. However, the enemies could totally get away when Luo Feng was preparing the power. Fortunately, Luo Feng had “single thought void space” and Whirlpool World so that the Sector Beast couldn’t get away.

Hua!

The giant golden horn pierced through everything. Under level-three godly power burning, Wu Qi God, Blood Shadow Blade, and the supreme technique Luo Feng performed, the skin of Sector Beast was pierced through.

The black blood of the Sector Beast flowed in the Whirlpool World.

Chapter 1433 - Newborn

Hong! Long! Long!

The nine levels of whirlpool power combined with each other, and they started to swallow everything. The black blood from the blade light immediately became curves under the strength from the waves. It was immediately swallowed by one of the tower doors of Star Tower. After all, even Sector Beast Morosa itself could barely stand straight, so its blood couldn’t just run away!

“Blood of Sector Beasts!” Luo Feng rejoiced in his heart. “I’ve studied the life structures, so I need the blood and skins of great beings. I’ve obtained lots of blood and skins from the World of Jin, and they’re of great help. However, I keep being stuck at 89,999 times, and I just can’t surpass this final step. I hope that the blood of Sector Beasts can help.”

Luo Feng was looking forward to it, but then he put all those thoughts behind him. Studying blood and understanding life structures were the worries in the future, but now, the most important thing was to kill the Sector Beast!

There was a hole in the broken chest of Sector Beast Morosa. Black blood dripped, but the wound immediately recovered. Sector Beast Morosa stared at Luo Feng in the distance and roared, “Ever since I’ve entered level three, other than Bei Di, no one has been able to make me bleed! No one! Despicable creature from Universe Ocean, you’ve really crossed me. Other than Bei Di, I want you dead more than anyone else. I will kill you! Kill you!”

Thoughts flooded Luo Feng’s mind. Entered level three? There were different levels of Sector Beasts? Bei Di?

There wasn’t a true god called Bei Di in Universe Ocean. Was that Bei Di also a Sector Beast?

Luo Feng’s mind could work quickly, and tens of millions of thoughts flooded his mind at the same time, but it was actually close to the actual fact.

“Despicable creature from Universe Ocean? Aren’t you a life form from Universe Ocean?” Luo Feng sneered and rushed at Sector Beast again. “You want me dead? Then I’ll kill you now!”

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Luo Feng moved so quickly that it was as if he’d disappeared. Golden waves showed up around him, enveloping Sector Beast Morosa, who couldn’t even manage to dodge it. The endless blade waves kept tumbling, madly consuming the strength of that Sector Beast, making the Sector Beast weaker and weaker.

“No! Stop it, Milky Way Horde Leader!” Sector Beast Morosa suddenly yelled.

“Why should I stop?”

The voice of Sector Beast Morosa came out from the golden waves ocean around it. He kept yelling, ‘Don’t push me! I’ll tell you again. Don’t push me! If you keep pushing me, there’s no way to mitigate the relationship between us. We’ll literally fight to the death!”

“We’re already fighting to the death.” A voice came from the golden waves, and the endless blade waves were still weakening the power of Sector Beast Morosa, who had already lost half of its power since the beginning of this fight.

“Okay! Human!” Both the sole eyes on Sector Beast Morosa’s heads looked desperate, and it yelled, “It’s you! You took away my chance to become the king forever! It’s because of you! You!”

Luo Feng, who kept making attacks, felt something wrong.

“Burn!”

The Sector Beast Morosa yelled in agony. How painful it was! It was angrier than a warrior having his arms cut off. Black tears welled up out of both the singular eyes on the two heads of Sector Beast Morosa. It looked ferocious, mad, upset—

Hong!

Suddenly, an explosive sound came from the body of the Sector Beast Morosa, and an invisible strength rushed out of its body, blasting Luo Feng away. At the same time, gleaming, colorful light rushed out of Sector Beast Morosa’s body. The colorful light was dazzling. It contained all the beautiful colors Luo Feng had ever seen —millions of times more amazing than a rainbow. Gleaming, colorful light rushed out of the body of Sector Beast Morosa.

“What?” Luo Feng felt intimidated.

The power from the rainbow wasn’t strong. However, Luo Feng could clearly feel that the control over the void space under his technique “single thought void space” was weakened, and to be exact, another willpower was fighting for the controlling right of this void space! Single thought void space was true control, and it wasn’t bestowed by the original mind.

Absolute control! Under his complete control, teleportation, transportation, and the other skills were all banned. If someone wanted to fight with him for the right of control, and that person needed to know “single thought void space.” Then those with better skills would be able to control space. Or if someone became an eternal true god, and a universe could be formed with only one thought. Then it was definitely easier to get the control right. However, the colorful light coming out of the Sector Beast’s body was trying to seize the right of control over the space.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

It was gleaming—breathtaking. It was as if it were the most beautiful color in the entire universe. The streaks of light formed a magical portal, and the colorful portals were trembling. Apparently, under the suppression from “single thought void space,” it seemed like it was going to crumble at any time. The colorful portal couldn’t pierce through the area of single thought void space.

“Burn again!” Sector Beast Morosa yelled painfully. “Human, you’re going to regret this! I’ve spent an eternity reaching level three, yet you pushed me back to level one… I’ll avenge myself, I will avenge myself! I’ll make you regret this!

Hua!

Dense, colorful light rushed out of its body again, merging with the colorful light portal. This was control over time. Luo Feng’s Whirlpool World couldn’t do anything about it, so only single thought void space was able to suppress it. At this moment, Sector Beast Morosa was so weak, and its force was negligible.

Luo Feng even felt that he could literally kill the Sector Beast Morosa with one move. However, the gleaming, colorful light was covering Sector Beast Morosa, but he couldn’t make attacks and break the colorful portal, so he could only use one thought void space to suppress it.

“Break!” Luo Feng kept the suppression from single mind void space, and at the same time, he was also attacking those colorful light portals. The portal was trembling as if it would crumble at any time.

Hua!

Sector Beast Morosa turned into a stream of light and suddenly disappeared through the colorful portal. Just as it disappeared—

Peng!

The colorful light portals disintegrated completely. Then they turned into nothing.

There weren’t battle ripples in the space anymore, and only Whirlpool World and single thought void space could maintain it. Luo Feng stood in space, finding it hard to believe. The Sector Beast still managed to run away, even while he was at an absolute advantage?

“Take it back.”

Luo Feng waved his hands, and all of a sudden, both Whirlpool World, and one thought void space disappeared.

“I’ve failed. I’ve failed again.” Luo Feng shook his head.

He used his best power this time for the fight. Besides, great beings like Divine Eye True Master and Primal Chaos City Leader all knew that it was the Star Tower team, so perhaps many true gods in Universe Ocean looked forward to the result. The failure last time was already a huge blow to Universe Ocean. The failure this time was definitely a nightmare for Universe Ocean.

“Under space seal and one thought void space, how did it use a technique like wormholes and teleportation to leave instantly?” Luo Feng was confused. “Although it looks like a wormhole, it was more like a universe portal!”

Both god country transportation and space transportation could transport someone from one spot to another instantly. Only universe portals were like portals; that colorful light was a portal!

Besides, after repeated fights with the Sector Beast, I’ve injured it twice, and Nine Remoteness also injured it greatly. However, it was able to recover so soon, Luo Feng thought. It was put in an impasse. Half of its energy was consumed, and it had used its endless bloody light for a long time. It seems it didn’t want to use the last step, colorful light portal. Besides, it kept threatening me. It wanted to negotiate or threaten me, but it just didn’t want to use that move.

Luo Feng could tell that Sector Beast Morosa was in agony when it was performing that colorful light portal, and he could tell the madness and craziness and desperation from the yelling.

“It also said that it was going back to level one from level three.”

Luo Feng was thinking. Level three?

From level three, nobody had been able to make it bleed other than “Bei Di”? That must have meant that Sector Beast Morosa had already entered level three while in the nest of Sector Beasts. Although it had swallowed many origins of miniature universes in Universe Ocean, it was still at level three.

Level three? Luo Feng thought. It might’ve fought and eaten other Sector Beasts in the nest to improve its power. Does that mean only by eating Sector Beasts he can improve his power to level three? Is that a fundamental change? It said that it was going back to level one from level three. That must be the price it has to pay to perform that colorful light portal.

Luo Feng understood now. Level three meant the extent to which Sector Beasts had grown.

And to grow like that, Sector Beasts needed to swallow other Sector Beasts to grow, as they were the core energies of Sector Beasts. As for other powers during the fight, it could recover over time even if it was greatly consumed. However, the core strength couldn’t be recovered. Otherwise, Sector Beast Morosa wouldn’t have gone mad.

An ugly Sector Beast showed up in the chaos air space in the distance.

Sector Beast Morosa wasn’t as confident as before anymore. It was weak, sad, and desperate.

“When one trillion Sector Beasts were born. Everyone was only at level one. I am only one of them. I’ve been trying and struggling and eating other Sector Beasts. I’ve eaten all the other powerful Sector Beasts and entered level two—and entered level three! Even Bei Di is only at level three. If I can swallow enough origins of miniature universes and reach the pinnacle level at level three, I’ll be able to become the ultimate king. However, I’ve returned to the status of a newborn.”

Sector Beast Morosa thought that coming to Universe Ocean would be a great opportunity to him, yet it was a disaster.

Chapter 1434 - So Useless

“First stage of a newborn… I have regressed by one stage. What should I do?”

Sector Beast Morosa was in agony. It was a highly ambitious Sector Beast, so even within its own nest, it would be the one standing at the peak. The only thing that could instill some fear in it was the most powerful Sector Beast, “Beddy.” Other than Beddy, there was nothing else it feared.

Beddy was also fully aware that only those like Morosa, who had crossed over to the third stage, were a threat to it. It kept a watchful eye over the fights and devouring activities of these third-stage beings!

“Regressing to the first stage, the powerful strength that I originally possessed would immediately disperse. I am forced to fall all the way to the first stage, though it was the pinnacle first stage!”

Sector Beast Morosa was pondering. It might have been severely injured by Luo Feng’s killer moves, but the remaining amount of power still far exceeded the power range of the first stage. If it could not bear with it, it would naturally disperse. Now, it was at the pinnacle first stage. For the Sector Beasts’ nest, this level of power was considered to be power at the bottommost level.

“I still have a chance, still have the final glimmer of chance…” Sector Beast Morosa said to itself. “There is only a handful of Sector Beasts within the nest that have crossed over to the third stage. The majority are in the second stage. As for those in the pinnacle first stage? Maybe there are, maybe there aren’t. And even if there are, they must be hiding somewhere, living their lives quietly as they resigned themselves to their circumstances.”

“My power is very close to the second stage. Besides, I am Morosa, a Sector Beast who stands at the pinnacle… Sensing a hint of my aura from afar, the others would feel scared! They are unaware of the fact that I have become weak.”

Many thoughts were racing through Sector Beast, Morosa’s mind, as he contemplated his action plan. For instance, when two weaker Sector Beasts were fighting one another, it could wait until the later stage of the fight, when one party was about to emerge as victor. Then it would exude its aura from afar, scare the winning party away, and kill the losing party instead. Even the losing party in its state of severe injuries would most likely be more powerful than Morosa.

“I must give it a try and fight on. I am now at pinnacle first stage. I just need to eat one Sector Beast from the second stage. I will be able to move up to the second stage right away. Even if vying to be the ultimate king was impossible, there was still the possibility of threatening Universe Ocean.”

Sector Beast Morosa quickly pondered over the situation to come up with its plan. “If I fail, I will divulge the secret of devouring the origins of miniature universes to speedily increase one’s powers!”

“Milky Way Horde Leader… I will be back!” Sector Beast, Morosa’s two heads looked toward the primal universe before it instantly teleported and disappeared.

After the battle with Sector Beast Morosa, Luo Feng also boarded Star Tower and headed back to the primal universe. After all, he had gotten what he was after through this battle: the blood of a Sector Beast. Naturally, it would have to be brought back to the primal universe for his Remote Ocean to analyze and study. Perhaps this time, he would be able to surpass the last step and achieve a breakthrough where the life gene level of his godly body would exceed 90,000 times.

“Aye!” Standing inside Star Tower, Luo Feng, garbed in a suit of white robe, sighed gently.

Beside him were Hong and Fire Dome. The two had witnessed the entire battle. After the battle ended, Luo Feng also let them in on some detailed information, so they were clear about the entire process.

“We are in trouble.” Luo Feng shook his head. “This battle was fought by my team on Star Tower… I’m afraid many true gods of Universe Ocean have already caught wind of the news. The various races of Universe Ocean are already devoid of endurance against attacks. But this time, I have failed to kill Sector Beast. I think this might cause the various races of Universe Ocean to collapse.”

Hong said, “Luo Feng, do not overtax yourself. You have already done enough. Besides, didn’t you say so yourself? That Sector Beast has been banished back to the first stage from its original third stage. Its power is now very, very weak. The chances of it restoring itself to full power is almost impossible. Any true god who is just a tad more powerful would be able to annihilate it.”

Luo Feng shook his head. “Saying that it would be unable to restore its power, that was purely my personal conjecture. I have deduced that it will need to devour other Sector Beasts in order to advance to the second stage and eventually into the third stage. However, these are purely deductions! Although it is very easy to kill right now, it is highly unlikely for that Sector Beast to show itself when it is vulnerable. It will remain in hiding as it gradually regains its power while also thinking of ways to increase its power. When it shows up again, it will certainly be even more difficult to handle than before!” Hong and Fire Dome both gave slight nods. Fair enough. Any living being with some degree of wisdom would think likewise. When weak and small, it was a natural reaction to go into hiding.

“Teacher, no matter what, at least for a short period of time, that Sector Beast will not reappear,” Fire Dome said.

Luo Feng nodded slightly and said with a sigh, “All right, I have to go and send out this piece of news. I truly don’t know… How would the various true gods of the Universe Ocean react the moment they caught wind of this news?”

Within an individual plane surface that solely belonged to Luo Feng, on the public square before a palace that was suspended in the air of the primal universe, more than 50 true gods had gathered together from the Ancestral God School, the human race, the various races of the Hong Alliance, and the Space Beast Alliance. The true gods were all discussing things via voice transmissions, as no one dared to make a single utterance out loud for fear of distracting Luo Feng, who was sitting before them cross-legged.

“This time, during the battle with the Sector Beast, the team on Star Tower was much stronger than the team on the vessel. It will definitely be able to annihilate that Sector Beast. Hmm. That Sector Beast deserves nothing more than death.”

The true gods were all waiting with apprehension. They all felt as though they were facing a life-and-death situation. More on point, it was a situation that made them even more nervous than a life-and-death situation! The Sector Beast was a threat to everything they had sought to protect. If there was no longer anyone who was able to stop this Sector Beast, then regardless of whether one wanted to transcend a reincarnation era—or protect one’s race or close friends —all would be futile efforts, as everything would be annihilated. “Milky Way Horde Leader is getting up.”

“Milky Way!”

Suddenly, there was a commotion. From where he was seated in a cross-legged manner, Luo Feng stood up. His gaze swept through the numerous true gods present. Then slowly, he said, “Everyone, after this battle, that Sector Beast will not show up again so soon. At least not in this recent period of time.”

Everyone was taken by surprise.

“Milky Way Horde Leader, what you just said… What do you mean?”

“Once that Sector Beast is dead, does it mean that after a period of time, the other Sector Beasts will also come out of their nest? No matter what, so long as we can kill one, we are sure to be able to kill more!”

The numerous true gods were all engaged in discussion. They were all filled with anticipation. If they had managed to kill one Sector Beast, then it would be a great boost to their confidence.

Luo Feng pointed far into midair and drew with his consciousness. Immediately, the battle scene appeared. “All of you, take a careful look, and you will understand everything.”

Scenes of the battle between Luo Feng and Sector Beast replayed before everyone. As for the method of Whirlpool World, it was clearly made public to the audience. To Luo Feng, who was already the number one being in Universe Ocean, even if he wanted to go public about something, no one could do much to stop him.

As for the conversation between Luo Feng and Sector Beast, there was no need nor elaboration. Luo Feng merely provided a brief explanation to update the crowd.

“It had deteriorated from the third stage to the first stage,” said Luo Feng. “It is so weak that not a single true god would fear it. Any true god that is slightly more powerful will be able to annihilate it. So, that Sector Beast will not show up again so soon—at least not for this recent period of time.”

Silence prevailed.

The numerous true gods witnessed the entire battle. Everyone had complex feelings. While they marveled about how powerful Luo Feng was, they were at the same time feeling greatly shocked. That Sector Beast’s means of escape were indeed formidable. Even when trapped in a sealed space, it could actually execute an ultimate survival technique that resembled a portal to make a speedy escape in an instant. Although Sector Beast Morosa seemed to have paid a hefty price to execute this technique, it had, at the very least, managed to stay alive.

If he did not kill his enemy, then once the enemy regained all its power, it would stage a comeback!

“Everything is as expected.”

Luo Feng said no more as he turned and directly walked into the palace. All that needed to be said had been said. What had to be disclosed had been disclosed.

If the true gods of Universe Ocean were so desperate that some had decided to pledge allegiance to the Sector Beasts. That would also be the choice they made.

Amidst the clouds high up in the skies of Earth, a lone figure was seated.

“How unexpected. He did not succeed?” Sitting Mountain Guest was sitting on the clouds as he frowned. “The Sector Beast is unexpectedly quite a tough nut to crack! This Sector Beast disaster is scarier than I had expected. Now, the Sector Beasts are still growing up and are not in their final moments. In the future, though… I’m uncertain of whether this disciple of mine will be able to stop them. I have put in such immeasurable efforts…”

Sitting Mountain Guest revealed a trace of anxiety in his eyes.

Purple Moon Holy Land Universe.

Purple Moon Ancestor sat on his throne with his eyes shut as he sank into deep thoughts. He was waiting for news, waiting for news about the battle between Luo Feng and the Sector Beast.

“Luo Feng, although I really would have rejoiced over your death, it is a fact that we need to rely on you to deal with that Sector Beast! Even if you bear deep hatred for us, you also have to deal with it; for your humans, for your homeland in the pulse of the Earth, you have to deal with it… You have to win, you must win!”

Purple Moon Ancestor was chanting in his mind. I have cultivated for endless time and transcended reincarnations. Now, I have been met with a greater opportunity… I can become even more powerful, but my miniature universe must never, ever be devoured. The moment that happens, I am truly finished. Also, there is my clan to think of… This is my only worry.

Purple Moon Ancestor shut his eyes. He could “see” very clearly every single space within the entire Purple Moon Holy Land Universe; he saw the birth of numerous children and saw them growing up; he saw how they either matured whilst honing their skills in blood and fire or faltered and fell… This was his clan. The clan that gave birth to him.

A long, long time ago, he was also just an ordinary member of the clan. But later on, he continued to rise and rise until he became the strongest master of the entire clan. He established his holy land universe and was thereafter regarded as a tried-and-true ancestor of his clan.

“All of them. They are all a part of my clan. The endless years of hard work and effort I’ve spent. The paths of hard work I’ve trod… Everything and anything. The moment the Sector Beast devours my miniature universe and causes my miniature universe to collapse, then everything will ultimately come to an end. Luo Feng… If I can’t kill you, you will become my greatest threat. But this time, you have to kill the Sector Beast. You must!”

Purple Moon Ancestor was fervently looking forward to the death of the Sector Beast.

Suddenly, the numerous great beings beneath Purple Moon Ancestor transmitted an announcement without delay: “Ancestor, we have news.”

Purple Moon Ancestor opened his eyes suddenly and looked toward the crowd beneath. “Has Luo Feng killed the Sector Beast?”

“No,” someone from the crowd below replied. “The Sector Beast is not dead. It escaped.”

Purple Moon Ancestor’s expression changed drastically.

What…? This was only a single Sector Beast that had come out of the Sector Beasts’ nest, and yet Luo Feng was unable to kill it?

“Based on the information given, Luo Feng has gained the absolute upper-hand and has caused the Sector Beast to suffer a great loss of power. Yet, toward the end, that Sector Beast decided to pay a humongous price to execute just one move. It was a move that seemed to involve something that resembled a portal, through which it instantly transported itself away!”

The underlings were filled with reverence as they said, “At this moment, the power of this Sector Beast could be so harmless that none of the true gods would be afraid of it at all.”

“Nonsense!” Purple Moon Ancestor’s face was ghastly pale. “Sector Beast is weak and small. Would it let you find it? That Sector Beast will definitely hide while it restores its power!”

“Sector Beast, Sector Beast. Just one Sector Beast is already such trouble.”

“We don’t even know how many more are in the Sector Beasts’ nest!”

“This Luo Feng is just so useless!” Purple Moon Ancestor said through gritted teeth. His heart was filled with agony and fear.

Chapter 1435 - To Change

Sides or Not?

Just as Purple Moon Ancestor was fuming mad and gritting his teeth, within the other one of Universe Ocean’s two great holy land universes, East Emperor Holy Land Universe, East Emperor Ancestor was, on the contrary, very much at peace.

On that endless great land, East Emperor Ancestor walked about alone, looking at the numerous clansmen living on this great piece of land.

“I had not expected Luo Feng to fail in killing the Sector Beast,” East Emperor Ancestor whispered to himself. “This is only one Sector Beast that came out of the Sector Beast nest. It is highly unlikely to be the strongest. This one is already so difficult to kill… What if there were more Sector Beasts? In the near future, what if the king of Sector Beasts finally emerges…?

“However, I should not ask for too much. I have never been the one with the best talent, yet step-by-step, I have worked my way up to become a true god, eventually attaining the level of a true god of void space… Purple Moon might have met with better opportunities, but his miniature universe is inferior to mine.”

East Emperor Ancestor shook his head with a laugh. As he recalled the various events that he had undergone over the long years of growing up, East Emperor Ancestor could not help but smile to himself.

“Facing that Sector Beast… I am definitely unable to stop it! I can only pin my hopes on Luo Feng, just like how the willpower of the origin has pinned its hopes on Luo Feng.” East Emperor Ancestor gave a light-hearted laugh. “If Luo Feng wins, I still stand a chance… If he loses, I can only say that with life comes death. Who can enjoy eternal prosperity? Even for the most powerful nations from the ancient civilization, there came the day when they all had to face destruction.”

“Luo Feng…” East Emperor Ancestor silently waited, hopeful.

East Emperor Ancestor, who had lived for eras beyond count, was most peaceful. Meanwhile, Purple Moon Ancestor, who had lived for a much shorter time, was anxious and uneasy—and thus, easily irritable.

As for the various races of Universe Ocean, in the face of such a great calamity, they certainly displayed a diverse range of reactions. In the Divine Eye Clan, in the universe of First True Master, all five true gods of Divine Eye Clan had gathered for a discussion.

Just as the five were getting anxious about the news that it was extremely difficult to kill that Sector Beast, they suddenly heard a voice from the group of universe masters who had been listening in silence. These universe masters seldom voiced their opinions, yet that day, one of them spoke up. “Teacher, we have to consider our race and think of our future.”

The five true gods, including Divine Eye True Master all turned to look over.

“Ink Dragon, what do you mean?” Divine Eye True Master asked with closely knitted brows.

Ink Dragon was a newly appointed universe master who had been to the World of Jin to hone his skills. There, he had benefited quite a bit. Also sporting a single-eyed shadow behind him, Ink Dragon Master said with much anxiety, “Teacher, we are from the first reincarnation era. Once this reincarnation era ends, if we have yet to transcend reincarnation… we will be destroyed for eternity!”

Everyone fell silent. In fact, the doomsday crisis applied to every race from the first reincarnation era.

“When it comes to us fighting the Sector Beast, so what if we win?” Ink Dragon Master asked anxiously. “In the end, don’t we still have to try our best to transcend reincarnation? The time we, Divine Eye Clan, have left is not a lot! And now that we know this Sector Beast is so difficult to deal with… if that is the case, then we should just follow the paths of Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God!”

“Shut your mouth!”

“Ink Dragon, what are you saying?” Divine Eye True Master and three true gods shouted angrily all at once.

Ink Dragon Master started to speak again in the same anxious manner. “Teacher—”

“Shut your mouth,” Divine Eye True Master ordered coldly.

“Divine Eye,” the three true masters started to say slowly. “What Ink Dragon says… It does make sense.”

Divine Eye True Master could not help turning around to look at Third True Master angrily. However, Third True Master also held a high position within the race, so there was no way he could ask Third True Master to shut his mouth.

“How are we going to fight and win against the Sector Beast?” Third True Master said. “It is a being that represents destruction. Even the willpower of primal origin is scared of it and has thus created a World of Jin just to seek a chance for survival, albeit however slim. The willpower of the primal universe origin had been transmitting messages via the three ancestral gods, yet Luo Feng was the Number One Master of Universe Ocean instead of the three ancestral gods. Why did the willpower of the origin choose to do so? Because the willpower of the origin also knew that if it were to rely on us, there would be no way the Sector Beast could be stopped. Luo Feng was the only reliable choice. Now, Luo Feng is merely a universe master, yet he is already above any of us true gods. When he becomes a true god, there will be hope for us to achieve success.”

Divine Eye True Master looked at him. “You say that Ink Dragon made sense, and then you say Milky Way is our hope…”

“But that is if he becomes a true god,” Third True Master said. “Up until now, he has yet to achieve his breakthrough, and who knows when that is going to happen? Just one Sector Beast, yet he failed to kill it. Can he really succeed in bringing it down? Even if he did become a true god, what we have is merely hope. To the Sector Beast, Luo Feng is the one who poses a threat to them, not us. Besides, the Sector Beasts never laid hands on Zhen Jia Master and Dragon Rock Ancestral God’s miniature universes.”

Divine Eye True Master continued listening intently.

“If we were to take the side of the Sector Beast,” Third True Master said, “then not only will the Sector Beast not attack us, but if it were to stay within our miniature universe, even Luo Feng would not be able to do anything to us. The willpower of the primal universe origin always relied on other great beings to execute its moves. See Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Demon God? Aren’t they still alive and well? So long as we are not so silly to the extent of initiating provocation from Luo Feng, like Great Thunder Star Master did, then we will not be annihilated. We should not be bothered about the Sector Beast crisis. Instead, we should put our hearts into cultivation. We should make good use of the final moments we have to try our best to transcend reincarnation. The moment we succeed, eternal victory will be ours to claim! The efforts we put in now, the side we choose… For the sake of transcending reincarnation in the future, it will all be worth it. If we are unable to transcend reincarnation, then fighting the Sector Beast to come to such a tragic end would only prove to be a joke.”

Divine Eye True Master surveyed the surroundings. Silence prevailed. Quite a few universe masters thought this way, but there were also quite a handful who felt that they should fight the Sector Beast. Divine Eye True Master looked at every one of them, then at the other four true gods. From the looks in their eyes, he could understand the thoughts of the other parties. There were those who raised their objections, but there were also others who were agreeable.

“Although I feel that it is inappropriate to seek refuge with a Sector Beast,” Sixth True Master said in a low voice, “what third brother said has a certain degree of reason.”

“Divine Eye, you decide.”

“We will follow your decision.”

Divine Eye True Master was so frustrated and pained that he was frowning. With a wave, he dismissed them. “Leave, all of you. Let me think about it carefully.”

“The Sector Beast is truly powerful. Killing it for real is going to be too difficult! If the Sector Beast is truly able to spare us, then there is no need for us to create enmity with it.”

“Actually, I’m just worried the Sector Beast will be unwilling to take us in. After all, the Sector Beast needs to devour the origin of a miniature universe… Taking one of us in means it has one less origin to devour.”

“Even if we were to decide to change sides, it might not take us in. If I had the power of Milky Way Horde Leader and were willing to pledge my allegiance, the Sector Beast would most certainly be rejoicing and willing to take me in.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader, you must succeed,” Froth Flower True God said, standing within her own miniature universe as she looked far into the distance at the people of her race. She was silently praying for the best.

“No wonder the willpower of the origin also believed in Luo Feng. Now the Sector Beast is unstoppable by anyone. Only Milky Way Horde Leader had some possibility of success.”

The demon true gods had gathered in the primal universe. As members of the primal universe, they did not dare to change sides.

It was obvious. The primal universe and the Sector Beasts were opposing groups. Pledging allegiance to the Sector Beast would mean going against the primal universe. They had, at the very least, lived through two reincarnation eras. They did not want to be seen as enemies by the primal universe!

There were many different thoughts and emotions hovering about in Universe Ocean. After all, there was no hatred between the various races of Universe Ocean and the Sector Beast; if the Sector Beast was willing to take them in and not attack them, then on the premise of knowing that there was little hope in defeating the Sector Beasts, quite a number of races were naturally willing to change sides. And the races from the primal universe era had many different fears.

In the faraway Ancestral God Palace, the three ancestral gods were also receiving messages transmitted over from the willpower of the origin.

“Sector Beast… servant…”

“Difficult…”

“Disaster…”

Various messages were transmitted over, and after some time, the three ancestral gods opened their eyes.

“Now, there must be quite a few races that want to take the side of the Sector Beast.” The youngest ancestral god shook his head with a snort. “But those foolish fellows! How could they know…? Once they become servants to the Sector Beasts, that is when the true disaster begins!”

Beside him, the old ancestral god added, “Now that the willpower of the origin has ordered us to spread the news, it must be hoping that the true gods will think twice and not make a choice they will regret later. This is because, no matter what, races from the other two reincarnation eras of Universe Ocean were still children of the primal universe.”

“Actually, there is no need to be so worried,” Double-Face Ancestral God said. “The willpower of the origin has already informed us that seeking to become a servant of the Sector Beasts is never easy. After all, the Sector Beasts will have to devour the origins of various miniature universes in the future. If the true gods that defect to the Sector Beasts’ side are not powerful enough to be useful to the Sector Beasts, will the Sector Beasts still be willing to give up a miniature universe just to take them in?

Wanting to change sides was not easy at all. After changing sides, regret was bound to follow,. And that would then be a great calamity.

The three ancestral gods immediately started to spread the news. As the Ancestral God School itself consisted of quite a sizable number of true gods, it was easy for them to spread the news quickly throughout the entire Universe Ocean. The moment the news was spread, several races who were originally still filled with uncertainty were dealt with a great shock. Although they did suspect that the willpower of the origin might be lying to them, they were still filled with fear.

They were not going to take the gamble so easily!

“The willpower of the origin is simply too easily agitated,” Sitting Mountain Guest said, sitting along the outer wall of Universe Boat with a transmission token in his hand. Shaking his head, he said, “Whether those true gods lived or died, how does it affect the big picture? When a great calamity truly occurs, the Sector Beasts will show their scary sides… Then the true gods will understand that this is a truly great calamity that they will not be able to hide from no matter how hard they try! It’s just that I am not sure when exactly this disciple of mine will achieve his breakthrough to become a true god.”

Sitting Mountain Guest expressed his worries. “That Sector Beast might have temporarily disappeared, but now that it has begun, what follows might amount in an endless chain of events, which will most likely be even more brutal and cruel. If Luo Feng still does not become a true god…”

News from the outside world was streaming in. Luo Feng was aware of everything happening in the outside world; he was also aware of the various changes, but he was still very much at peace.

It had never crossed his mind to change over to take the side of the Sector Beasts. Because, judging by the clues found within the World of Jin, not a single nation wanted to defect to the side of the Sector Beasts. Apparently, they were all worried that by siding with the Sector Beasts, their fates would be just as what the message of the willpower of the origin had predicted… an impending disaster.

“Back.”

Luo Feng stood within Star Tower as he looked outside. From afar, he could already see the immeasurable primal universe membrane wall, as the chaotic airflow was no longer able to obscure his line of vision.

This was Luo Feng’s first trip back to the primal universe onboard Star Tower since the Sector Beast first appeared. He had to send the blood of the Sector Beast back to his boundless Remoteness Ocean in order for Remote Ocean to execute its talent technique “Creation”—to study and thoroughly comprehend the diagram of its life structure.

“I hope that through this I can achieve a breakthrough and finally become a true god.” Luo Feng earnestly looked forward to achieving his goal.

Chapter 1436 - The Life

Diagram of a Sector Beast

Primal universe, human territory, Milky Way Holy Land.

The mighty endless Remote Ocean was peaceful without any ripples.

Hua!

A nine-story tower came flying over from the void space far in the distance. It flew all the way over to the upper skies of the boundless Remote Ocean.

“It’s Star Tower!”

“It’s Milky Way Horde Leader’s Star Tower!”

There was originally a big batch of great beings congregating within Milky Way Holy Land. Other than a few true gods, there were over 100 universe masters present. Undoubtedly, it was easy for such a big group of them to quickly notice the nine-story tower appearing in the upper skies of the boundless Remote Ocean, which also happened to be one of Luo Feng’s signature treasures.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

Numerous figures teleported over as quickly as they could.

“It’s them.”

The doors of Star Tower opened, and Luo Feng, garbed in a white robe, walked out. From afar, he looked at the numerous great beings rushing toward him. Behind him, Fire Dome and Hong appeared.

“Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“Teacher.”

A group of more than 100 great beings had rushed over and bowed with reverence, but they could not conceal the sense of urgency in their eyes. Most of them were high up the social ladder of the human race, so most certainly, they would have heard news about the battle between Luo Feng and the Sector Beast. The Sector Beast was the greatest enemy of the entire Universe Ocean. It could possibly destroy all the races. How could they not feel a sense of urgency?

“Hmm.” Luo Feng nodded.

“Milky Way Horde Leader,” a gray-skinned man said deferentially but anxiously. “We have all heard news about the battle between Milky Way Horde Leader and the Sector Beast, and we are curious about the Sector Beast calamity… Are you confident?”

The others all looked toward Luo Feng. They were unable to ask any further questions, so all they could do was ask Luo Feng if he had self-confidence.

Luo Feng looked at the group of universe masters before him. He understood that this group just required a little more faith. They were feeling helpless against the Sector Beast. There was simply nothing else they could do.

“Horde Leader…” They all looked at him expectantly.

Luo Feng’s gaze swept through the numerous human great beings. Then, nodding slightly, he replied, “Yes!”

Instantly, a handful of masters showed a spark of joy.

Fire Dome True God took a step forward and said in a straightforward manner, “Teacher still has some important matters to tend to. Everyone can take your leave now.”

“All right.”

Having received such a reply from Luo Feng, the universe masters, though not completely at ease, were now more reassured with a glimmer of confidence! One by one, they took their leave in a most respectful manner.

Fire Dome True God and Hong looked one another in the eye. They did not further impose on Luo Feng. They both knew that this time, Luo Feng had important matters to see to.

After watching everyone leave, Luo Feng’s gaze became aloof. He whispered, “The humans are insecure, unsettled, fearful, worried… yet regardless of how impressive a great being is, in the face of a Sector Beast calamity, no one will be able to guarantee 100 percent confidence. Even me. I have no confidence at all. Because no one knows how terrifying the Sector Beast will become toward the end.”

Luo Feng shook his head. The unknowns gave rise to the greatest fears. Even the documentation conducted on Sector Beasts in the World of Jin consisted of records made after the Sector Beasts entered their “growth period,” and even those were merely legends. This was why there was no detailed information to be had.

He had obtained some information from a Sector Beast that had only just entered the third stage. Undoubtedly, the information was a far cry from the information that might be obtained from the final form of the king of the Sector Beast.

“Let’s begin.” Luo Feng turned to look at Star Tower. It was suspended by the side. “I hope this blood of the Sector Beast does not disappoint me.”

Hong!

At that moment, the water of Remote Ocean beneath him started to get turbulent with rolling waves. In an instant, the rolling waves surged up to become towering waves ten million kilometers high. These massive waves enveloped Star Tower in its entirety. Star Tower was completely submerged. The height of the waves in Luo Feng’s original location also increased by leaps and bounds, reaching a height of 100 million kilometers. Compared to the diameter of the boundless Remote Ocean—which was as wide as twelve light years— this was relatively inconspicuous.

Amidst the great waves was a vacuum, and Star Tower was suspended within this vacuum.

“The blood of the Sector Beast contains a force that is the complete opposite of godly power. The slightest carelessness, and I will probably be annihilated.”

Clothed in a white robe, Luo Feng looked at Star Tower beneath him. Relying on its suction force, Luo Feng was controlling the drop of black blood, which was also suspended in the vacuum. He did not dare to use his godly power to handle this blood, as he feared that any contact made with it would cause it to be accidentally annihilated.

Previously, he had recreated Sector Beast Morosa with the help of Whirlpool World. He had directly sucked the blood of Sector Beast into Star Tower, which he had used as the storage vessel for this blood. All along, he had never come into contact with it via his godly power. Then Luo Feng had divided the Sector Beast blood into 16 portions. He feared that, should he be a little careless, he might accidentally annihilate this blood. This time around, beneath the base of Star Tower, was one of those 16 portions. It was one drop of Sector Beast blood.

This drop of blood was entirely black in color and was more beautiful than any diamond. With a diameter of around one kilometer, there was no way it could be further cut up. Undoubtedly, this was as small as it could get.

“Talent technique… Creation!”

White-robed Luo Feng looked at the drop of black blood suspended in midair. Then, with a move in his mind, Remote Ocean immediately executed the talent technique right away.

Buzz!

The surrounding space fell into the enshrouded region of this talent technique.

This drop of black blood that was originally so mysterious was rapidly being stripped of its mysterious outer layer under the execution of this technique. The internal structure was speedily analyzed by Luo Feng, and there was a continuous indication that this blood was made up of various spots of light—a total of 100,000 light spots. Each spot was then further dissected. These light spots were…

“Roar!”

A miniature Sector Beast, all black in color, with two heads, a pair of hands, and a pair of legs, standing in an upright posture, was roaring.

100,000 light spots. And upon being dissected, many superb, miniature Sector Beasts were found. Some tilted their heads back and roared. Some were bending over. Some were waving their claws. Some were in deep slumber. Some stood aside in silence…

An even deeper level of analysis found that every miniature Sector Beast was said to be the most profound Rhinoceros Emperor Game, which far exceeded any other Rhinoceros Emperor Game Luo Feng had ever comprehended. It was mysterious and unpredictable.

At that moment, Remote Ocean body entered the space of cultivation within the Boat of Mausoleum and was continuously comprehending and analyzing at top speed under an environment where time was accelerated at a rate of 10,000 times.

The life structure diagram from a single drop of Sector Beast blood was much more complex than the life structure diagram of any other true god or true god of void space Luo Feng had ever encountered!

Because of his status in the World of Jin, from the trillion of eras, Luo Feng might certainly have obtained some scales, armor, hair, and blood samples of true gods of void space. He might even have obtained samples from life forms at the eternal true god level.

What a pity! The life structure diagram of an eternal true god was simply unfathomable. It exceeded Luo Feng’s span of comprehension. Although he was able to understand the life structure diagrams of true gods and true gods of void space, for Luo Feng—who had already attained up to 89,999 times life gene level— the help obtained was not significant. This Sector Beast was, after all, the noblest life form in all of Universe Ocean.

Luckily, it was still in the gestation stage, so Luo Feng could still keep tabs on it. If it went up by one more level, it would have become too profound, and Luo Feng might not have been able to analyze it at all.

“My talent technique can only analyze up to this level. The life structure diagram of a Sector Beast is indeed incredibly complex. True gods and true gods of void space are entirely different.”

Luo Feng’s brows were closely knitted as his consciousness operated at an extremely fast pace. At 10,000 times the rate of normal time, he had memorized a tremendous amount of information. Yet, going deeper, he realized that these were two completely different methods.

It could be understood this way: True gods, true gods of void space, and Sector Beasts were all fundamentally different in regards to their life structure diagrams! They were all composed of different structures.

Previously, Luo Feng had not attained a complete understanding of this. Universe masters, true gods, and true gods of void space were equivalent to the elements of music: do, re, mi, fa!

But the sector beast was more like the binary code of a computer language, which was made up of ones and zeros! All of them were composed of different essential elements! This could be based on one theory: a life form from Universe Ocean was essentially different than a Sector Beast.

“If I truly become a true god, then the path I take will be completely different from the average true god,” Luo Feng said to himself. “How will it help me?”

Luo Feng was frustrated. Just a while ago, he had somewhat gained a flash of comprehension (10,000 times acceleration was equivalent to more than three days). He had already realized that the life structure diagram of the Sector Beast represented another vast world. It also represented another route! That route, in turn, represented a future that was just as vast as the world the life structure diagram represented. The thing was, it was very difficult to comprehend something from it.

“I am really at my wit’s end.”

In order to create a race capable of proliferation and to study the life structure diagrams, I have already spent up to a trillion eras. Yet I am stuck at this final step.” Luo Feng shook his head, “Now, let’s comprehend first and hope that this Sector Beast blood can finally lead me to the enlightenment of my soul…”

Luo Feng thought no more and immediately immersed himself in comprehending the diagrams instead.

Peace and quiet returned to Universe Ocean.

Luo Feng’s Mosha body and Remote Ocean body went onboard Star Tower while his Golden Horned Beast body boarded the vessel and remained stationed in Universe Ocean to stay vigilance at all times while waiting for the Sector Beast to reappear. The Boat of Mausoleum was left in the boundless Remote Ocean, where Luo Feng had left a body sustained by godly power in the space of cultivation to carry out comprehending and cultivation.

Time passed. The various races were still worried, but, in the blink of an eye, 1,000 years passed. The Sector Beast did not reappear in all that time, thus giving credibility to Luo Feng’s claim that at least for a short period of time, the Sector Beast would not reappear.

Virtual universe, in an area in space that solely belonged to Luo Feng.

Amidst that lonely void space, a palace was afloat. On the public square before the palace, there was no one but Luo Feng. Clothed in a white robe, Luo Feng sat cross-legged without uttering a single world. He was looking far out into the distance at the numerous stars that filled the dark void space.

Shua! Shua!

Two figures appeared out of thin air.

“Father.”

“Father.”

Two stylish-looking youths walked over. Luo Feng usually forbade ordinary great beings from entering this place, even if they were his disciples. On normal days, not a single one of them was qualified to enter without permission—with the exception of days when Luo Feng wanted to give lectures. As for the other true gods, only during crucial times would they be granted the right to come over. However, there were some who could turn up here anytime they wished, such as Primal Chaos City Leader, True Yan, and… his family!

“Luo Ping, Luo Hai.” Luo Feng turned around to look at the spot not far away, where his two sons had appeared. The endlessly long period of a trillion years had certainly brought many changes to Luo Ping and Luo Hai. They were no longer the same men they had been when they were young. Now, they were more determined in the journeys they wanted to take in life.

“Father,” Luo Ping said. “We are here because of the Sector Beast… We are worried and would like to know more from you, Father.

“Worried?” Luo Feng took one look at his two sons, then turned away to look far off into the endless void space.

Who was not worried? Confronting a Sector Beast, even he was worried. But the other races had pinned all their hopes on him. And he… who could he pin his hopes on? No one! He had no other great beings to rely on; he only could depend on himself. He was worried that if he could not stop Sector Beast, the entire human race, the pulse of Earth, and his beloved family would perish.

Yet, because of this worry, he no longer held on to any fear!

“I… I am only allowed to do my best! I have no path for retreat!” Luo Feng was convicted. “Right down to the final hour, if I have yet to level up to the third stage of the godly power route, then even if my godly body cannot achieve a breakthrough, I will immediately become a true god, gain stronger combat power, and fight this battle with all I’ve got.”

Chapter 1437 - Nest

He was left with no other choice. Although the best situation would be for him to hit 90,000 times life gene level while having attained the third stage of the godly power route, but in the face of an impending calamity, time was of the essence. There really was not much he could do, but becoming a true god at the second stage of the godly power route was still much better than those who became true gods through the law route.

“Father…”

A voice from the side disrupted Luo Feng’s thoughts. Luo Feng turned his head to look at his sons. From the eyes of Luo Ping and Luo Hai, Luo Feng could feel the brothers’ worry and unease.

“Rest assured.” Luo Feng stood up and patted the brothers on their shoulders. “Your father is confident!”

Both brothers heard their father’s words but still felt uneasy. Both were very aware of the news about the Sector Beast calamity. They were aware that during the calamity this time around, none of the other races would be able to stop it. Throughout the entire Universe Ocean, the only hope left was their father! Such tremendous stress! How was he going to bear it all?

“Of course.” Luo Feng’s hands rested on the brothers’ shoulders. “If your father is to fail, then your father and his sons—as well as your mother… Let’s just face annihilation together as a family. That way, at least we will all have each other’s company even in the face of death.”

Luo Ping and Luo Hai laughed. “Mm-hmm.” They agreed, nodding their heads vigorously.

“Go,” Luo Feng said.

The two brothers disappeared.

There was a trace of a smile in Luo Feng’s eyes. His two sons had undergone a trillion eras of honing and training their skills, so when it came to facing death, they were unfazed.

“If I fail, everything will be annihilated.”

Various scenes flashed through Luo Feng’s mind. His teacher, True Yan, Primal Chaos City Leader, his good friends, Rong Jun and many others, his parents, his wife, his sons, his younger brother… and the countless heroes who had sacrificed their lives fighting the devouring beast to ensure the survival of the earthlings…

Everything, if he failed, would be reduced to nothingness.

In preceding generations before the three reincarnation eras, great beings like Jie Fanzi had long been reduced to nothingness. Perhaps, within the three most dangerous lands, there might be words left behind as evidence that these great beings had existed once upon a time.

Within the faraway World of Jin, Luo Feng’s Earthling original body was within the East Army military camp. However, his godly body had started to collapse and disintegrate.

“That Sector Beast has escaped, and it is definitely not going to give up on revenge. This is just the calm before the storm… Regardless of whether I achieve a breakthrough to 90,000 times life gene level or not, the moment the final calamity occurs, I have to become a true god right away. And the moment I cross over to the level of a true god, my various bodies will merge to form my original body. Then, without a doubt, my earthling original body will have to return.”

Luo Feng stood within the stone house, yet his godly power was dispelling soundlessly and continuously, returning back to the World of Jin.

A short moment later, Luo Feng’s earthing original body was gone. Only the other body sustained by his godly power remained.

“Now, only my other body sustained by my godly power remains in the World of Jin.” Luo Feng’s other body remained in the stone house as he shook his head in silence. “I will have to put all visitation on hold for now and meet no one at all for the time being.”

Within Tilted Peak Sector of the three most dangerous lands of Universe Ocean, in the core region of Tilted Peak Sector, was the Land of Darkness.

Si!

Black skin and flesh were torn apart. Blood was splattered all over. A hideous head was devouring great mouthfuls as it crazily bit and tore at its prey.

“Hahaha… Hahaha…!” Tearing and biting, Sector Beast Morosa laughed as though it had gone mad. “I, Morosa, have turned the tables. I have actually succeeded!”

Its body was marred by injuries all over, and its second head was so badly torn that only half of it remained—clear indications of the extremely ferocious fights it had been involved in.

Battles among Sector Beasts were a completely different story than combat between a Sector Beast and a true god. When Sector Beasts and true gods fought, they could make use of the opposing nature of each other’s strengths to exhaust one another’s power, or the Sector Beast could easily split its to escape when the need arose.

But when Sector Beasts fought one another, the situation was different. Their powers were the same. And they jinxed one another by deploying the same means of fighting. For instance, if one Sector Beast divided itself into 99 different bodies, its opponent could do likewise! There was no way either could escape from the other!

“Morosa… if you feed on me now, in the future, you will suffer the same fate—being eaten up by another Sector Beast,” said a Sector Beast with a gaping hole in its chest. It howled in its unwillingness to be subjected to Morosa’s brutal and continuous devouring. It, too, only had one head left, which Morosa was presently feasting upon. “I was already severely injured before fighting you, but even so, you had such a difficult win that there is no way you can survive through all this.”

“What a fool.” Morosa devoured like mad as he cursed and swore. “Even though you are severely injured and might still be stronger than I am, when it comes to combat experience and techniques… you are so much more inferior.”

In the past, Morosa had stood at the peak of the Sector Beasts’ nest, second only to Beddy! Fighting persistently against one billion Sector Beasts to reach such a position, Morosa was definitely not short of combat experience. Even if it did lose out a little in its foundation, by relying on its techniques and experience made up for this shortcoming. Plus, its name alone could instill fear in its opponent even before the fighting began because opponents thought of the almighty Morosa of before. These factors contributed to it claiming the final victory!

“Devouring you will allow me to level up to the second stage!” Morosa bellowed. “Given my combat experience and fighting with other Sector Beasts at the second stage, my chances of winning are still high. In the future, I can still make my way back to the third stage.”

“The third stage? If your first step is slow, every step thereafter will also be slow. It is fated that you can never be the final king.”

The other Sector Beast, being bitten and torn apart, was drained of its power of resistance. This was because the most important vital point within its body had already been swallowed. Without this area, it was like a dry well. The Sector Beast was completely devoid of combat power.

“Previously, when I realized I was losing the battle, I had already spread news about you throughout the nest.” The dying beast seemed to have gone crazy and went on to say, “I said that, you, Morosa, had returned from the outside world, but that you had regressed by one stage. Even if you finish me off, your power might be at the level of a Sector Beast who has just entered the second stage. You are still extremely weak compared to many others in the nest. Those terrifying fellows who entered the third stage at the same time as you will most certainly seek you out to kill you.”

“You spread the news?” Morosa was slightly taken aback.

This was no great shock. It already expected as much.

Sector beasts were superior life forms who were born to destroy. If it had lain low and not done anything, the other Sector Beasts would never have known that it had dropped in levels. Yet, the moment it started attacking, any Sector Beast it fought against would immediately know the truth. If its opponent had won the fight, the truth about it might not have been disclosed; its opponent might have gone easy on it while basking in glory. Yet the moment its opponent were to lose the fight, the truth about might be disclosed simply as a means of revenge.

And the moment news about Morosa dropping levels was made public, Morosa would be such a defenseless target that any Sector Beast coming out of the nest would dare to attack it! This was also why it had gone crazy after being forced by Luo Feng to fall to the first stage. Morosa knew that to ascend back to the third stage from the first stage was as difficult as going to heaven.

“Afraid now?” the dying Sector Beast mocked.

“Afraid?” Morosa continued biting and tearing big mouthfuls as it continued to say, “It is fated that there will only be one final king. Since I have dropped all the way to the first stage, it is fated that I no longer have the chance to vie for the throne. My future will still be death, eventually. So now, if I have to face death earlier, does it make any difference?”

Internally, Morosa was burning with endless flames of fury. Even if it were to die, before dying, it had to take revenge on that human, Luo Feng, who had crushed its hopes!

“Luo Feng…” Morosa whispered this name silently to himself.

“You’ve ventured to the outside world. I’m afraid you have yet to learn a certain bit of news.” The dying Sector Beast was keen to grasp hold of any slightest chance to deal Morosa with a blow.

“What news?” Morosa looked indifferently at the dying Sector Beast, then took another big bite of it.

“Beddy…” The dying Sector Beast smirked. “Beddy has already attained the fourth stage. This news came from Batur before it died. Many Sector Beasts already know.”

“Before Batur died?” Morosa was taken aback. “No wonder it did not tell me!”

One billion Sector Beasts had been born. After that, they fought one another. The stronger, more powerful Sector Beasts naturally established their footing on the peak. Morosa was one of those at the peak. Batur was another. Both Morosa and Batur bore deep hatred for one another!

Batur had died—killed and swallowed by Beddy. Yet, at the same time, the battle had also allowed Batur to discover that Beddy was already a Sector Beast at the fourth stage. Naturally, it would spread this news before it died, even though it purposely left out some of its arch enemies from the list of parties to inform.

“The fourth stage!” Morosa froze as if doused with ice water.

The first step was slow, and every step after that was also slow. To become the final king, it had to never leave the First Group, where it used to be one of the members. The thing was, it had encountered Beddy’s endless pursuit with murderous intentions, so it had decided to head out to seek its own opportunities to rapidly ascend up to the pinnacle third stage in order to battle Beddy. It had not expected Beddy to actually make it to the fourth stage.

“The final king! No more hope. I… am fated to meet my doom. Then, before dying, I must take my revenge on that loathsome human who had crushed all my hopes!”

Morosa’s other head, the one that was injured, had completely recovered. With both heads drooping low, it was crazily tearing and biting the other Sector Beast, taking big mouthfuls ferociously.

“I will transmit the news to Beddy!” roared the dying Sector Beast. “You and Beddy have been fighting for endless eras… If Beddy knows you have become weak, it will definitely come after you. You are only at the second stage, and Beddy is at the fourth. Beddy’s speed far surpasses yours. There is no way you can escape.” The dying Sector Beast roared its intentions, then sniggered.

Morosa’s other head took another vicious bite, and the dying beast’s remaining head was bitten off.

Tear! Chi! Chi!

One big mouthful followed by another. Morosa devoured and swallowed.

The single eye on each of Sector Beast Morosa’s two heads flashed with icy-cold rays of light.

“Even if I, Morosa, have to die, I will first make Luo Feng pay the price!”

At the same time, it was carefully sensing the numerous Sector Beasts’ positions around it, especially those that were more powerful, like Beddy. Its main concern was to stay vigilant. The moment the more powerful ones like Beddy got closer to it, Morosa would immediately flee as far away as he could.

Deep within the Sector Beast nest, a huge, black figure lay sprawled on a floating desert rock.

Whoo!

It suddenly sat upright and looked far off into the distance. Both hideous-looking heads looked in the same direction at the same time. The single eye on each head seemed to have some vague, colorful lights revolving within as they looked coldly into the distance.

“Morosa…” it mumbled in a hoarse voice. “You have dropped levels and returned to the first stage? From birth, you and I have been fighting and vying against one another. Previously, when you suffered a crushing defeat, you left the nest with grave injuries. Yet you return, and you have regressed to the first stage.”

A pinnacle first stage, killing a second-stage Sector Beast that was severely injured… It seemed difficult.

However, Beddy did not find it strange. This was its long-time opponent Morosa! This opponent had once posed a great threat to it. But now, this opponent had painstakingly made its way back up to the second stage, but Beddy had already reached the fourth stage. Within the entire Sector Beast nest, it was currently the one and only being known to have reached the fourth stage.

Toward the later stages, the distances between the successive stages were even more exaggerated.

“How could a life form from Universe Ocean be so powerful?” Beddy said in its low, hoarse voice. “Who could cause Morosa to be reduced to such a sorry state? Could it be the one Dragon Rock and Zhen Jia mentioned…? The Universe Ocean Number One Master, Milky Way Horde Leader?”

Chapter 1438 - Realization

As the most powerful Sector Beast within the Sector Beasts’ nest now, Beddy was naturally concerned about the happenings in Universe Ocean. Through Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God, it had learned some news, and also, it was aware that Universe Ocean’s Number One Master was “universe master” Luo Feng.

What a pity Zhen Jia and Dragon Rock are being ostracized by the various races of Universe Ocean, thought Beddy. I can’t even find out whether this Milky Way Horde Leader has achieved his breakthrough to become a true god or not… I also don’t know if this Milky Way has deposed Morosa back to the first stage in his capacity as a “universe master,” or if he did so after he became a true god.

Beddy pondered. The two possibilities were greatly different from one another.

If Luo Feng had become a true god, being able to depose Morosa back to the first stage was nothing impressive, and the threat he posed was not major. But if Luo Feng was merely a universe master, yet had been able to depose Morosa back to the first stage, then when Luo Feng became a true god, how formidable would he be?

“Seems like my powers are still lacking,” Beddy said to himself. “I must increase my power as soon as I can. I need to become more powerful at a much faster rate. I used to focus more on the third-stage Sector Beasts. Now, I need to devour even the second stage Sector Beasts… If I devour a greater number of second-stage Sector Beasts, they can still equate to one third stage Sector Beast.”

Beddy’s past strategy had been very simple. Whatever threatened it, it would devour. And even if it was unable to devour its opponent, it would inflict severe injuries on it. In this way, Beddy was able to keep its position at the top of the pile!

The method was stable and practical. It could easily keep tabs on the hundreds of Sector Beasts that posed the greatest threats to it… but the method was also slow! If it were to devour and attack a tremendous number of second-stage Sector Beasts, it would level up at a much faster rate, but it also meant that he would not be able to acquire enough information about those that threatened it. There were always two sides to any coin.

Sector Beast Morosa and Luo Feng had fought one another in a battle where Morosa was defeated.

This had been the first contact between a Sector Beast and a life form from Universe Ocean and had caused much fear and unrest among the various races of Universe Ocean. The various races were aware that when there was first contact, a second encounter was likely to occur soon.

Likewise, Morosa, upon being deposed back the first stage, had returned to the Sector Beasts’ nest. When the many Sector Beasts from the nest learned this news, they all had a good shock. It made them realize that they had been mistaken to belittle the various races of the Universe Ocean. They had not expected anyone from Universe Ocean to be so powerful. Also, it drove the Sector Beasts— who had previously followed a systematic way of fighting and evolving—into a state of frenzy. Gradually, they began to lose their self-restraint!

The aged ancestral god stood by the edge of the public square before the ancestral god palace and looked far into the distance at the numerous Sector Beasts’ palaces suspended in void space.

“Milky Way Horde Leader might have defeated his first Sector Beast opponent, which, in turn, fled the scene,” he said, “but according to the news transmitted to me by the willpower of the origin, the countless Sector Beasts within their nest are bound to be affected. They will quicken their pace of evolution. There is a high probability that final battle between the Sector Beast and will likely be moved forward.”

“Yes,” The youngest ancestral god said, wearing a solemn and worried look. “Milky Way Horde Leader is the only hope for our Universe Ocean! If he becomes a true god, we still have hope… but if he has no breakthrough, once the mighty Sector Beast army charges toward us, or if a super-strong Sector Beast comes here, we will not be able to stop them. Ultimate extermination will be our fate! What is Milky Way Horde Leader’s problem? Merely a universe master, yet his level of secret technique is so magical! And his power is simply unbelievable. He has the inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River, and, from the World of Jin, he also acquired the inheritance of the ancient civilization. So why is he still unable to achieve a breakthrough and become a true god? To other great beings, becoming a true god may be quite a challenge. But him? He should have already become one long ago.”

Double-Face Ancestral God shook his head, sighing. It was a good point. Why had there been no breakthrough for Milky Way Horde Leader to become a true god in all this time? Not only were the three ancestral gods were worried, but the various races from the entire Universe Ocean were worried, too!

Back when the inheritance of the ancient civilization had yet to be handed down, becoming a true god was extremely difficult. But since almost all the races got to know about the inheritance of the ancient civilization, the level of difficulty had reduced and was now comparable to becoming a universe master.

“Luo Feng!”

In Milky Way Holy Land, True Yan Master stood before the railings at the peak of his own palace, looking out at the boundless Remote Ocean far, far away. There was worry in his eyes.

“I believe that now, you must be under tremendous pressure,” said True Yan Master, “because the various races throughout Universe Ocean will be pinning their hopes on you. At this very moment, you have to hang on. You have no other choice.”

True Yan was heartbroken. This disciple of his, Luo Feng… To True Yan, this disciple was his greatest pride.

Back when Luo Feng first entered Primal Chaos City because of the War of Talents, he had been taken in by True Yan as a disciple. True Yan had seen this disciple of his grow and mature at every stage of his life! True Yan also understood all that Luo Feng had gone through on Earth. Emerging out of all those miseries, he had never bowed his head to adversity. He would have rather perished with the devouring beast than have given up. True Yan Master knew Luo Feng’s past and had seen how Luo Feng had grown up. He truly cherished Luo Feng as a disciple and had long treated him like family.

True Yan’s family had long passed away due to the passage of time. His disciple was just like his family. In True Yan’s heart, Luo Feng was nothing short of a son. Maybe Luo Feng was not aware of it, but True Yan indeed felt that way about Luo Feng. Anytime Luo Feng became stronger and grew more powerful, True Yan felt gratified for Luo Feng’s success.

At this moment, though, there was nothing True Yan could do about the heartache he felt.

“You have to hang on, face up to this calamity, and fight it,” True Yan earnestly prayed. “As soon as you can, quickly rise up to become a true god. That is the only way you have a hope of surviving.”

True Yan could not help wishing that he could go in place of Luo Feng. But he was aware that he would only become a morsel of a snack on the Sector Beast’s plate. He would be of no use at all.

“Luo Feng, if you have to die, you have to wait till you finish off all the Sector Beasts!” Purple Moon Ancestor was roaring inwardly. “Then you may die!”

“You have to become a true god! This—this should not be difficult for you.” East Emperor Ancestor stood on his ancestor tree and looked afar. His gaze penetrated the universe as he looked in the direction of the primal universe. “Even if you choose to take the godly power route, given your talent, you should be able to succeed.”

“You have to become a true god!” Divine Eye Master said, greatly looking forward to it. “I long not to pledge my allegiance to the Sector Beast!”

“You have to become a true god!”

“You have to become a true god!”

The various races of Universe Ocean, including the bugs and demons, were all filled with mutual anticipation. All were looking forward to Luo Feng becoming a true god.

Far away, at the three most dangerous lands where the Universe Boat was, within the space of the Black-Striped Stone Pillar.

“Oh, how tall.” Inside a silver vessel, Luo Feng stood in the middle of a hall. His gaze penetrated the cabin walls as he looked outside. He saw the black-striped stone pillar that stood erected, protruding into the clouds. “Finally, I am back here again!”

The black-striped stone pillar—one of the strange objects of Universe Boat. It contained a powerful impact of willpower. The closer one got to it, the more terrifying the impact was. Also, as one got closer to the black-striped stone pillar, the rate of time velocity accelerated! Ordinary universe masters could only get close to regions that were at 1,000 times the rate of time velocity, while Bei Chi Star Master, who had gotten the closest to that impact of willpower, had managed to reach a region where time velocity was as high as 130,000 times!

“Let me see for myself,” said Luo Feng, “just how high the acceleration of time at this black-striped stone pillar can be.”

Luo Feng boarded his Boat of Mausoleum and quickly closed the distance between him and the black-striped stone pillar.

“10,000 times, 30,000 times…” The Boat of Mausoleum continued to fly closer, but Luo Feng maintained a peaceful expression. His willpower had already reached the level of an eternal true god, which was much stronger than Bei Chi Star Master. “100,000 times, 120,000 times, 150,000 times…”

Space was becoming a little distorted. The time velocity was extremely fast, while the powerful impact of willpower wiped out everything around it in waves. It was as though it sought to destroy everything. Yet Luo Feng seemed as though he was basking in the spring breeze, without a trace of discomfort.

“220,000 times, 260,000 times, 290,000 times… 510,000 times, 550,000 times… Hmm?” Luo Feng’s expression was very solemn. “I am getting nearer.”

The Boat of Mausoleum had already flown extremely close to the black-striped stone pillar. However, the impact of the willpower was now powerful enough to bring a frown to Luo Feng’s face. Gradually, the Boat of Mausoleum started to reduce its speed. Eventually, it came to a halt.

Right here. This was Luo Feng’s ultimate limit. The nose of the Boat of Mausoleum was almost touching the black-striped stone pillar.

“I want to be in contact with the black-striped stone pillar, but I suppose my willpower must reach the ultimate limit of an eternal true god,” Luo Feng whispered. “I am still lacking in that aspect.”

His willpower might have reached the level of an eternal true god, but he had yet to attain the ultimate limit.

“The acceleration of time velocity here is approximately 600,000 times.” Luo Feng nodded to himself.

His purpose in boarding the Boat of Mausoleum to come to the space of the black-striped stone pillars was to borrow this unique environment, where time was accelerated, to facilitate his cultivation! The threat of the Sector Beasts had subjected Luo Feng to a tremendous amount of pressure. He needed to maximize the use of every second he had, so this place had come to mind!

“Right here, I can, once again, get into the space of cultivation.”

Luo Feng was deep in thought. The space of cultivation was originally able to accommodate an acceleration in time velocity of up to 10,000 times. If the surroundings outside could maintain a time acceleration of 600,000 times, then by superimposing the time accelerations of the two different environments, he could, theoretically, achieve a time acceleration of six billion times. Of course, this was impossible. Luo Feng, who had a deep understanding of the ancient civilization, was aware that, in an environment where time acceleration was as high as six billion times, if he wanted time acceleration to continue increasing, there would be a drastic increase in difficulty.

“The impact of willpower here is too strong. I will be affected if I start cultivating here. I shall move back a little.”

Luo Feng maneuvered the Boat of Mausoleum into retreating a bit, stopping at a region where time acceleration was at 500,000 times. Then his earthling original body entered the space of cultivation.

In the space of cultivation, time acceleration could go up to 10,000 times.

“Accelerate to 1,000 times,” Luo Feng said, trying his hand at time acceleration. The time velocity in the space of cultivation immediately soared. Thereafter, time acceleration was maintained at 1,000 times.

With an external time acceleration of 500,000 times and an internal time acceleration of 1,000 times within the space of cultivation, the overall time acceleration reached 500 million times.

Hong! Long!

Luo Feng was horrified as he looked around him. His surroundings were trembling. Heaven and earth trembled. The entire space of inheritance also trembled, and energy was consumed rapidly.

“Not good.” Luo Feng showed a slight change in expression. “Reduce acceleration to 100 times!”

Hua!

The time velocity was immediately reduced to 100 times. The surroundings seemed to stabilize, but the energy stored within the space of inheritance was still being consumed rapidly.

“Still too fast. Reduce to ten times.” Luo Feng was forced to reduce till time acceleration was only at ten times. Then, instantly, the entire space of inheritance regained its peace and quiet. “The space of cultivation can only accommodate an acceleration of ten times, yet the amount of energy consumed is still so much greater than the normal time region with an acceleration of 10,000 times. Given the energy reserve in the space of inheritance, it should be easy to maintain.”

After a series of adjustments, Luo Feng finally substantiated that the space of cultivation could allow time acceleration to be maintained at a rate of 20 times. Adding on the 500,000 times from the outside, that equated to 10 million times. The consumption of energy was going to be massive, but, given the accumulated amount within the space of inheritance over countless eras, sustaining it over a long time should be possible.

“I must cherish every passing second. I hope that I can achieve my breakthrough before the Sector Beast crisis!”

Luo Feng left a body sustained by godly power in the Boat of Mausoleum as his earthling original body departed without further delay.

Time passed.

Year after year went by. The body sustained by godly power that remained in the region of the black-striped stone pillar was cultivating like crazy in an environment where time acceleration was maintained at 10 million times.

Luo Feng’s original body, on the other hand, was walking all over the place, seeking inspiration. First, he roamed Tilted Peak Sector, where he arrived at the core region. He even ventured further down, where he could catch a glimpse of the Land of Darkness from afar. Then he proceeded elsewhere. He even found some inheritances left behind by other true gods who had tried to transcend reincarnation eras.

Then he went back to tour around the Universe Boat again while looking around very thoroughly. He was so thorough that he managed to discover traces left behind by some ancient great beings that were used to control the Universe Boat. He also visited Flowing Countless Mountains, where he realized that there were also traces of great beings from the ancient civilization to be found.

Lastly, Luo Feng returned to the primal universe, where he walked along the borders and even visited territories belonging to the other clans and races like the bugs, the demons, and the automatons. He also visited the regions where the weaker races resided. He saw the births of life forms as well as the withering of life forms. He also saw the fighting and annihilation of lives, as well as the destruction of a planet.

Regardless of evil or good—everything that transpired between the billions and trillions of races on the universe—Luo Feng simply watched from the standpoint of an onlooker, observing everything from the side without intervening.

He observed the budding life forms. He observed the birth of a new planet. He observed the destruction of a single traveler star and to the destruction of an entire galaxy by a super black hole.

Luo Feng firmly believed the primal universe bred billions and trillions of life forms with the supreme path of life gestation. From the countless factors he observed, he had to be able to find the key to opening the door to the third stage godly power. Something that seemed as simple as a baby growing up and withering away with age was something Luo Feng meticulously pondered. He investigated every trace left behind under a time acceleration of 10 million times.

Something that seemed as simple as the operation of the celestial realm also fell into Luo Feng’s scope of exploration.

Silently, Luo Feng’s willpower was gradually changing.

“Earth.”

Luo Feng stood in outer space as he looked towards the blue planet far into the distance. Beneath his gaze, time was flowing backward. Earth orbited rapidly around the sun in a counterclockwise direction. Everything on Earth was in continuous change.

“This is the past. What about the future?”

Under his gaze, the entire solar system was undergoing a change again as various scenes were continuously changing.

Scenes from the past were very clear when time was reversed, yet when it came to the future Luo Feng witnessed, every scene was still constantly changing. Past events had already happened, so it was impossible to change or reverse any of them. On the other hand, the future was an unknown filled with countless possibilities.

“Roar!”

The various scenarios all seemed to be heading toward the same outcome. 30,000 years in the future, the solar system would be destroyed, and all life forms would be annihilated. This would mean the Sector Beasts had destroyed everything. 60,000 years later, the solar system would be destroyed, and all life forms would be annihilated. 110,000 years later, the solar system would be destroyed, and all life forms would be annihilated.

Destroy!

Destroy!

Still destroying!

But there was one outcome to the contrary that was extremely dazzling, in which Earth would become even more developed, and where countless starships would head toward Earth. Even after tens of thousands of eras or hundreds of millions of eras, Earth would still exist… This outcome represented the fact that Luo Feng had killed the Sector Beast.

Looking at all the possibilities the future had in store, Luo Feng merely observed peacefully.

“Hmm?”

Suddenly, Luo Feng’s expression changed.

“The sun!”

Luo Feng’s eyes lit up. Under his gaze, from the past of the ancient civilization to the future, the Earth was still orbiting around the sun. Even with the various possibilities the future had in store, Earth was still orbiting around the sun, round after round, eternally and without end. It might have seemed repetitive and cumbersome, but it was following a rule—a rule that no one could violate.

“The Earth!” Luo Feng’s gaze turned to focus on Earth.

From the endless past to the future, Earth, being a life planet, was constantly attracting strange life forces from extremely vast distances to breed life. This life force was intangible, but traversing the primal universe whilst looking toward the future, Luo Feng could vaguely discern clues that prompted him to believe that Earth was, indeed, the core of the surrounding region—the place where all life was bred.

“Earth revolves around the sun. The sun is the core… But for the life gestation system, within the vast region, the Earth is also the core… A celestial system. A life system. All these systems are different, yet they form the perfect combination…”

Luo Feng’s gaze swept through the various scenes, which depicted the path of the countless stars in orbit. Then another scene appeared. It was a scene of his own life structure diagram—which was very complicated—and also, the life structure diagram of the Sector Beast.

“Different… yet connected…”

Beyond space, beyond time, originating from the supreme universe laws, everything would head toward the same ultimate destination. Universe oceans, true gods, true gods of void space… Sector Beasts.

All life forms, even those that were complete opposites but were bred by Universe Ocean, were destined for a common endpoint.

Chapter 1439 - Breakthrough,

Chain Reaction, Legend

Right before him, he could see countless paths that planets and worlds were once found operational—paths outlined by traces of life forces attracted by life planets. His was already a perfect life structure diagram. When compared to a Sector Beast’s life structure diagram…

“They are poles apart. Yet connected somehow.”

Luo Feng stood in outer space, in the area surrounding Earth, deep in thought.

His other body—sustained by godly power and left in the region of the black-striped stone pillar—was laboriously pondering under an environment where time acceleration was maintained at 10 million times. Miraculous brightness was flashing across Luo Feng’s mind as though he was about to be enlightened. Originally, he had found the study of universe masters and true gods to have nothing in common with the study of Sector Beasts. Yet now, between these two schools of life diagrams, which had previously seemed so incongruous with one another, Luo Feng seemed to have found their common ground.

A single picture could be judged differently by different people. Considering the past, when looking at these life structure diagrams, Luo Feng might have felt that they were simply opposites of one another. There was no other perspective from which he could rethink the situation.

But at the moment, after seeing the diagrams from a different point of view, Luo Feng managed to find a commonality between these two endlessly complicated life structure diagrams.

“Life structure!”

Luo Feng stretched out his right palm. His palm was constituted of countless bouts of godly power, and all of them contained soul imprints. Naturally, he was so well-informed that he had everything under control. He was also able to analyze it all in the most detailed manner.

“Combination!”

With his conscious mind, Luo Feng gave his order, and his life structure started to change.

He had achieved 89,999 times life gene level, which already considered to be the ultimate perfection for a life structure diagram. But at that moment, Luo Feng was like a superb sage; with just a few strokes, he could make a picture come alive! Similarly, his changes to the life structure diagram were very simple. Many detailed structures were still the same as they had been, but the overall framework underwent a peculiar change. Also, following the changes in life structure diagrams, Luo Feng was gaining a clearer grasp of the commonality between the school of universe masters, true gods, and true gods of void space, and the school of Sector Beasts.

The process of alteration in the overall framework of Luo Feng’s life structure diagram seemed simple, yet suddenly—

Pa!

An extremely small portion of the complex life structure diagram suddenly fell apart like a melon dropping from its branch upon ripening. Then it very rapidly started to detach itself from the entire life structure diagram. This was not within Luo Feng’s control, but rather, something like a natural reaction. When changes were happening to Luo Feng, parts of his life structure diagram automatically started to show signs of detachment.

“What…?” Luo Feng was shocked, but the thought of stopping these things never crossed his mind. Instead, he watched on.

The extremely small parts of his life structure diagram that were rapidly detached were also going through changes internally. The internal structure seemed to be subjected to a domino effect, where the first change sparked the start of a chain reaction. From a structure diagram that Luo Feng could understand to something else, it transformed rapidly into another structure diagram that was so mystical that even Luo Feng could no longer comprehend.

Buzz!

The extremely small portion of life amazingly took on the form of a naked Luo Feng, seated cross-legged with a smile on his face.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

The moment this extremely small portion of the life structure diagram transformed into a naked Luo Feng, the change extended to the other parts of this life structure diagram. Suddenly, many Luo Fengs started to appear; there might be a Luo Feng roaring in anger, or a Luo Feng with a warrior’s pose, or a standing Luo Feng who was deep in thought, or a Luo Feng curled up in bed, or a Luo Feng deep in slumber, or a Luo Feng laughing out loud… All manners of appearances, one by one, were being born.

To describe it all would have taken an eternity, but all these chain reactions happened in the blink of an eye. Luo Feng’s entire life structure diagram had suddenly transformed into 100,000 spots of light, and every spot was a miniature, naked Luo Feng. These 100,000 miniature Luo Fengs, though not physically connected to one another, were still indistinctly associated. Putting all of them together would form Luo Feng’s life structure diagram.

“100,000 light spots…” Even though Luo Feng was the creator, he had never expected to see such a chain reaction happening when he reorganized his life structure diagram.

Earlier, when he had been analyzing the Sector Beast, the life structure diagram of a Sector Beast had also been comprised of 100,000 spots of light, and every one was a miniature Sector Beast. Each miniature Sector Beast itself was the most complex life structure diagram possible.

At this moment, it was likewise for Luo Feng. His life structure diagram was also made up of 100,000 spots of light, with each one being a naked Luo Feng. Each miniature Luo Feng also contained an extremely complex life structure diagram. But, of course, there was a difference between the miniature Luo Feng and the miniature Sector Beast; even Luo Feng himself felt that he was more profound than the Sector Beast!

100,000 spots of light were coming into existence successively. Such a chain reaction seemed to indicate that everything would fall into place. It appeared that success was near at hand.

Weng! Weng! Weng!

After the first trace of godly power on Luo Feng’s right palm changed, it was as though the process was contagious. There was no need for Luo Feng to give another command. Right away, the change in godly power started to spread rapidly. It was like a drop of black ink spreading out rapidly in water. From Luo Feng’s arm, a trace of golden light rapidly started to emerge. Shortly after, this golden light spread out and began filling his surroundings like crazy!

Luo Feng’s palm very quickly became a hand that radiated an endless, dazzling, golden light which, at the same time, moved on to spread through his entire body. Because the godly powers he had before and after the changes all contained Luo Feng’s life imprints, under some guidance, this much more superior life structure diagram—which had attained ultimate perfection—had a deadly attraction for other godly powers. It was just like how a magnet would attract other metallic elements. It naturally attracted the other godly powers around it and caused them to change in a most unrestrained manner.

Hua!

In less than five seconds, Luo Feng’s entire body, including his hair, was radiating golden light.

At the very moment the transformation of his godly body reached the point of completion, it was as though there was a nuclear fusion —as though a massive explosion had gone off within the solar system. The power released was ten million times greater than the power produced when a universe master self-destructed.

The moment Luo Feng’s godly body was approaching the final stage of transformation, his entire body naturally released an outburst of a trillion light rays! A trillion light rays, shining upon a trillion light years…

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The golden light that surged out of Luo Feng’s godly body was not subjected to any restrictions,. Therefore the speed at which it traveled at was comparable to teleportation. In an instant, it was shining upon the entire solar system. Then it moved on to shine upon Milky Way Holy Land, which was not far away, then over to the entire Milky Way Galaxy, and then to the entire Ganwu Universe. This golden light was advancing at top speed, soundlessly transcending time and space. It was unstoppable.

Hua!

A trillion lights penetrated through the human territory to shine upon territories of other races like the bugs, the automatons, and the demons. It then reached out further to shine upon even the most deserted and darkest regions of the primal universe, where no life was able to survive. At that very moment, even the willpower of the universe origin would not have been able to exert any influence over the might of this golden light.

Hua!

A trillion lights finally penetrated through the membrane walls of the entire primal universe, charging toward the endless, chaotic Universe Ocean…

At that moment, Luo Feng was the very core of the primal universe. A trillion lights surrounding him, shining upon the entire primal universe and even spreading out beyond to the surroundings of the primal universe.

The numerous life forms of the “pulse of Earth” who lived on the planet nearest to Luo Feng experienced the influence. Every single Earthling—whether in the sunlight or the dark, in the vast land outdoors or the halls indoors, a powerful earthling who had become an undying or a babbling, newborn infant—at that very moment, every single one’s head was raised in the direction of the golden light.

Nothing material could block the golden light. It transcended time and space, shone into the eye of every living soul, and eventually penetrated into the very soul of every living life form. Within their souls, a lofty golden figure appeared, and they all had a clear view of the face of this figure.

This was Luo Feng, whom they most admired. To the earthlings, who regarded and worshipped Luo Feng as their highest spiritual leader, they were naturally able to recognize him. Even toddlers who might not have known the name of this lofty golden figure would always remember what he looked like in that moment. Upon growing up, after all the memories of childhood had faded, these children would never forget that lofty, golden figure.

“It’s… the great, noble Luo Feng!”

“Luo Feng, the hero!”

The numerous earthlings were greatly taken aback. When the golden light shone upon them and reached deep within their souls, they felt the desire to grovel and kneel before it. It was as though they were seized by a sudden impulse. Whether they were the high-and-mighty undying fighters or the weak and tender youths, all of them went down on their knees.

Within Milky Way Holy Land, a trillion golden lights enshrouded the region where over 100 universe masters lived. There were even some who were true gods, but regardless of whether they were warriors, servants, or true gods, the golden light enveloped them all and directly penetrated their life imprints. Within their souls, a lofty, golden figure appeared.

Respect arose from the depth of their souls. The fundamental distance between different levels of life was the reason why these life forms at lower life levels, in spite of themselves, were compelled to bow and kneel.

Yet regardless of whether they were the weakest life forms— meaning those at universe level of Milky Way Holy Land—or the superior true gods, none was able to go beyond him. Even the true gods knelt as though seized by an irresistible impulse. They were not kneeling to Luo Feng, per se, but rather, their life origins were kneeling to the birth of the noblest life form. This collective show of respect was an act that was purely instinctual.

“It’s Luo Feng,” said True Yan, also spotting the lofty, golden figure.

At this moment, Luo Feng was no longer Luo Feng. He had come to represent the most supreme life form—the greatest and most perfect life form. True Yan was so overwhelmed by his emotions that he could not help but weep. He knew that there was hope for the various races of Universe Ocean because his disciple had survived. There was hope for them all to stem the tide of this calamity.

“It’s Milky Way Horde Leader!” The numerous universe masters and even the true gods were all greatly shaken.

“It’s Teacher.” Fire Dome and Luo Feng’s other disciples were stunned yet excited.

The golden light shone. It shone over a trillion light years; it shone over the entire primal universe.

No one was able to stop it. Even the willpower of the primal universe origin had to temporarily retreat because of the supreme universe law of Universe Ocean. This supreme law enveloped the golden light. Because the golden light contained the supreme laws, it could surpass time and space, as well as all material obstacles. This was how it could make all other life forms kneel before it.

Regardless of good or evil, weak or strong, be it Luo Feng’s enemy or even his family, Primal Chaos City Leader, Peng Gong, Dream Demon Ancestor, the many Father Gods of the automaton race, the few dozen true gods from the entire primal universe—all were down on their knees. They were deeply touched from deep within their souls as they knelt. It was not a situation in which they, beings with lower social statuses, were compelled to kneel by one who was above them in social standing; it was more of a way of showing their respect for the greatest life form born under the supreme law.

In hundreds of millions of races as well as countless planets, god countries, and universe secret regions, blood and flesh life forms, automaton life forms, plant life forms, energy life forms—all kinds of life-forms—the low and the weakest link to the highest and strongest masters, all were showing their respect in their own ways. They were kneeling and groveling, and all these were representative of their life origins showing respect.

Gradually, the golden light that had spread over an area of a trillion light years dispersed. The supreme law no longer worked any influence over the trillions of life forms. Once again, the willpower of the primal universe origin moved to enshroud the entire universe.

The millions and billions of races within the entire primal universe, regardless of whether they were weak or strong, could no longer see the golden light. Everyone was now awakened, but in their souls, their life cores would be eternally imprinted with that lofty golden figure.

Chapter 1440 - True God

The true gods of the Ancestral God School were gathered at the Ancestral God Palace.

“So unbelievable. Even we true gods cannot help but kneel?” Cold Whale True God roared in his deep voice. “Milky Way Horde Leader was merely a universe master previously. Even if he has now begun on his breakthrough to become a true god… we are true gods too. So why is it that even when he is umpteen light years away, we are still kneeling to him as if we have no control over our own bodies?”

“Not to mention you true gods,” said the aged ancestral god. “Even we three ancestral gods, who have always been favored by the willpower of the origin, had gone down on our knees when the golden light penetrated through time and space to shine upon us…” The aged ancestral god shook his head.

“So ridiculous.”

“So unbelievable.”

The many true gods, including Nine Remoteness True Master, found this very difficult to understand. After all, they were true gods! And they all had their own miniature universes. In terms of social status, even the willpower of the origin had to show them due respect. Their orders, once given, were strictly enforced because this was what they were entitled to. Even the willpower of origin was unable to make them fall to their knees and bow down to it! However, just moments ago, regardless of how far apart Luo Feng was from them, every single one of these true gods of the primal universe had gone down on their knees.

“What an exaggerated yet unbelievable sight,” Double-Face Ancestral God said. “It’s unquestionable. Milky Way Horde Leader must have started his breakthrough to becoming a true god!”

“Yes, he must be starting to transform into a true god!”

“What a commotion, with the entire primal universe bowing down to him…! How impressive is his might! It must be an exceptionally unique breakthrough.”

There was no dissenting opinion among these various true gods of the Ancestral God School. Everyone had taken the reason for these exceptional happenings to be Luo Feng starting to become a true god.

Luo Feng was described as “starting” to become a true god because there was a process to becoming a true god. First, he had to expand his god country into a miniature universe. Then his godly body had to undergo a breakthrough at the most fundamental level. And these steps, naturally, required some time.

The group of true gods from the Space Beast Alliance were all speculating.

“How did Milky Way Horde Leader become a true god? What a commotion he created, bringing the billions of races of the entire primal universe down to their knees so involuntarily…”

“Even if it was the legendary godly power path he had taken, I have seen for myself, when I was in the World of Jin, the inheritance of the ancient civilization. I do not recall seeing any documented records describing such a scene when one becomes a true god via the godly power route.”

“True. Regardless of law route or godly power route, this situation is unprecedented.”

They were filled with doubts. What could have happened to Milky Way Horde Leader for him to create such a great commotion? Such an occurrence was unheard of.

Within the human territory, Void Gold True God said amidst sighs, “No wonder Milky Way Horde Leader had yet to become a true god all this while. Given his exceptional talent, he would have become a true god in the billionth era. Yet, all this while, he had not. He had merely maintained his status as a universe master and become the Number One Master of Universe Ocean. Milky Way Horde Leader chose an extremely difficult route—a route that even someone like Milky Way Horde Leader, with his exceptional talent, would need to painstakingly cultivate for billions of eras. Today, he finally arrived at the path to breakthrough, and the moment he succeeded, his success reverberated throughout the entire primal universe, where the billions of races fell to their knees before him. Even true gods had to kneel before him.”

Void Gold True God lauded Luo Feng’s achievement. “If Milky Way Horde Leader succeeds, all the various races can be hopeful of stemming the Sector Beast crisis!”

“Haha…”

“Milky Way Horde Leader. His power must be so incredibly profound now.”

“Impressive.”

Amongst themselves, the humans had long ago placed Luo Feng on a pedestal, where they looked up to him with high regards. Luo Feng’s breakthrough this time around had such a massive impact that it was soul-awakening. Even the numerous true gods were brought to their knees. Other races may have been a little jealous, but the humans were incomparably excited and thrilled because they belonged to the same race. When Luo Feng made such a great achievement, they, too, would naturally stand to gain endless benefits.

In the future, if Luo Feng did transcend reincarnation, then the entire human race could exist for eternity.

The billions of races within the primal universe were in frantic discussions. The same went for the ordinary life forms on countless planets. They did not know who Luo Feng was, but that lofty golden figure was imprinted within the core of every living soul. Thus, it was unforgettable. On the other hand, the higher-ups of those races would most certainly be able to recognize that this was the Number One Master of Universe Ocean: Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng!

“Milky Way Horde Leader has finally achieved a breakthrough.”

“The billions of races from Universe Ocean have hope now.

“Now, we can be hopeful of pulling through the Sector Beast crisis.”

All the weaker races were filled with excitement and anticipation.

There was a miniature universe not too far away from the primal universe. It was Sitting Mountain Guest’s miniature universe.

Sitting Mountain Guest flopped down on the peak of one of the mountains amidst the rolling mountain range. He was a sorry sight, but there was a trace of relief on his face.

“Almost. Almost…” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head while feeling thankful. “I almost knelt too!”

Earlier on, Sitting Mountain Guest had been in his own palace, carving on a piece of rock when the golden light suddenly shrouded his surroundings. At that point, Sitting Mountain Guest’s expression had changed drastically, and with great perseverance, he had immediately fled to where a universe channel was. Within his palace, there was a universe channel that connected his palace to his miniature universe. With great difficulty, he had resisted that golden light and made his escape through the universe channel to return to his miniature universe.

“What is going on?”

Sitting Mountain Guest frowned as doubts filled his mind. He was shrouded by the golden light, and it had imprinted a lofty, golden figure on his soul. Without question, he was able to recognize his disciple, Luo Feng.

“What is wrong with Luo Feng? Why is he kicking up such a storm? The ordinary true gods were all unable to put up any resistance and knelt right away. Even for me, if I had stayed a moment longer, I think my will would have submitted to that golden light, too.” Sitting Mountain Guest frowned. “That golden light does not contain the willpower of the origin; rather, it contains the supreme law!”

The willpower of the origin did not scare Sitting Mountain Guest at all. The willpower of the origin only had the ability of thoughts. By itself, it did not pose much of a threat. But the supreme law was a totally different story.

The supreme law dictated how everything operated within the entire Universe Ocean, such as why the primal universe forever went through the cycle of destruction and birth, and why there was the birth of Sector Beasts. Why must the true gods transcend reincarnation after they had finished undergoing three reincarnation eras? Everything and anything had to follow the laws! The supreme law did not have any ability of thought, no trace at all. It was merely a set of rules to be adhered to. Yet it was above all else.

“Luckily, the supreme law was only there to guide the life origin of living souls,” Sitting Mountain Guest said to himself. “Life forms of the lower class naturally hold great respect for the life forms of the higher class, and they will definitely admire those higher-class life forms… The supreme laws merely served to guide and reinforce so that every single life form, including true gods, would obey their instincts and bow before the golden light. Luckily, it’s only for guidance. If it were to force us to go down on our knees, even I myself would have to kneel.”

Sitting Mountain Guest sighed. He was not afraid of the willpower of origin. Because the willpower of the origin was restricted by laws, it had to fulfill the requirements of various regulations and restrictions. But the Universe Law of Universe Ocean was different. Even though he had much understanding about a great many secrets, when it came to the supreme law, his understanding was patchy.

“My disciple… Could it be that he finally achieved his breakthrough?” Sitting Mountain Guest was filled with doubts. “No doubt, he has taken the godly power route. For such a long time, he did not break through. I suppose he set high targets for himself since he has great ambitions to attain the third level of the godly power route. However, no matter what, the third level of the godly power route should not lead to a commotion of such extent. Even the supreme law has descended to offer its congratulations!”

Sitting Mountain Guest could tell that this had been a means of congratulating Luo Feng. This achievement was simply incredible, so even the supreme law was here to send its congratulations. Also, it was the cause of the billions of races bowing before him to express their best wishes.

Within the solar system in the human territory, all the golden light had dispersed.

Luo Feng regained normality.

“Huh?” Luo Feng was in a daze. “Just now…”

A moment ago, he had felt as though he had seen every single being in the primal universe, had traversed countless secret grounds, and had every single living soul dropping and kneeling to bow before him. Very quickly, Luo Feng thought no longer.

“My life gene level.” Luo Feng could distinctly feel the fruitful outcome of this breakthrough. Clenching his fist, he could feel the tremors of his godly power. This delighted Luo Feng. At his level, his grasp of control over his strength was extremely precise. Previously, he could even verify that his godly power level had reached up to 89,999 times. That was how high his degree of precision was.

“100,000 times! A full whole 100,000 times. No more, no less. My life gene level has actually gone up to 100,00 times.”

Luo Feng was seriously shocked. God! This was simply unbelievable.

The godly body was divided into three levels. 30,000 times to 60,000 times constituted the first level. 60,000 times to 90,000 times would be the second level. 90,000 and any limit that was almost 100,000 times constituted the third level.

The inheritance of the pulse of Duan Dong River documented that no one had ever attained a level of 100,000 times. There was also no precedent for anyone achieving 100,000 times within the records of the World of Jin. It was noteworthy that these were records, meaning to say that in the ancient civilization, the pulse of Duan Dong River, and the World of Jin, no one had ever heard of a being with 100,000 times life gene level. This was only a legend!

Even to the ancient civilization, it was only a legend. There had never been anyone who had managed to achieve it! There were no records of it at all!

“I—I did it…” Luo Feng stammered, in a daze. He mumbled to himself, “First, I reached 89,999 times. Then I did a thorough study on the school of universe masters, true gods, and true gods of void space, then on the school of the Sector Beasts in order to find the commonality between these two schools… Could it be that, throughout the ancient civilization, no universe master was able to achieve this? Right. It seems like in the records of the World of Jin, the records on Sector Beasts were also legends, and the Sector Beasts present in the records all seem to have been very powerful. Those were Sector Beasts in their growth stages.”

At the moment, Luo Feng did not understand why he could have attained 100,000 times. This was because he lacked exposure to relevant knowledge!

After all, even the pulse of Duan Dong River and the pulse of the World of Jin had never seen any great being who managed to achieve 100,000 times in life gene level via the godly power route. Since no such occurrence had ever been discovered, naturally, the exact cause was unclear. Luo Feng had succeeded, but he could only arrive at some vague speculations to explain his success.

“Time for my breakthrough.”

Luo Feng took a stride forward.

Sou!

Immediately, he teleported back to Milky Way Holy Land. Amidst the vast Milky Way Holy Land, high up in the sky above the boundless Remote Ocean, Luo Feng, who was fully clothed in a white robe, appeared out of nowhere.

“Boundless Remote Ocean, recombine!” Luo Feng looked down at the Remote Ocean beneath him.

Hong! Long!

Endless fog instantly rose to surround Remote Ocean. Thereafter, his life gene level rapidly skyrocketed from 89,999 times to 100,000 times. However, this time, the breakthrough he achieved no longer featured the supreme law appearing to congratulate him. Following this breakthrough, his godly power increased in quality while his body naturally shrank a little from the previous diameter of 12 light years to a diameter short of 11 light years.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Boundless Remote Ocean was swallowing like mad. In the vast void space above, the shadow of the ocean of laws of the primal universe started to emerge according to the primal universe law. A tremendous amount of ocean water appeared out of thin air and fell continuously upon the boundless Remote Ocean.

In the past, Remote Ocean needed to rely on the talent technique Creation to automatically recover in order to gradually increase in size. Yet at that moment, it had reached 100,000 times.

A limitless godly body! Which could absorb to its heart’s content!

The boundless godly power water descended from high above and meshed with the boundless Remote Ocean. This caused the Remote Ocean godly body to continuously increase. At the same time, Luo Feng’s Remote Ocean body, Mosha body, and Golden Horned Beast body—which had been stationed about Universe Ocean, patrolling the grounds—were rushing back.

The moment of the final breakthrough, the various bodies would combine. These other bodies would then dissipate to nothing. If they did not make it back in time, wouldn’t the treasures they carried with them be at risk of being lost?

Chapter 1441 - Miniature

Universe

The boundless Remote Ocean was extremely wide, and above it, there was an even wider shadow of the ocean of laws. A tremendous amount of godly power ocean water was continuously falling like a rainstorm.

“It’s the ocean of laws!”

“Such an unexpected amount of godly power that has befallen!”

Within the clusters of palaces in Milky Way Holy Land, the true gods, universe masters, and many universe knights were all watching from afar. They were all shocked by the shadow of the ocean of laws in the distance.

Enveloped by the endless godly ocean waters was a figure clothed in a white robe.

“It is devouring at such an unbelievably fast speed,” Luo Feng marveled in wonder.

For the average godly body to recover from severe injuries, recovering 90 percent to 100 percent generally required a short time. However, to recover from 50 percent to 100 percent, the required time would skyrocket to at least 10,000 or a million times! Consuming the godly body would mean losing part of the soul. Therefore, recovery was extremely difficult. This was why a small consumption of godly body was easy to recover from. For example, recovering a godly body from 98 percent to 100 percent was certainly quite easy to achieve.

The same theory applied here. The volume of the boundless Remote Ocean was only an approximate 90 percent of its actual size because it was a recombination of godly power. In fact, Luo Feng had not lost any part of his soul! Thus, his absorption speed could be extremely fast.

“I can feel it as though every bit of godly power within me is screaming out loud while madly swallowing,” Luo Feng said in amazement. “Under normal circumstance, absorbing the godly power within the ocean of laws is relatively more difficult, but now, as I am swallowing, the virtual shadow of the ocean of laws descends directly, and everything seems to fall into place nicely.”

When crossing over the levels from undying to knight and then to universe master, every time he had crossed a particular threshold, the ocean of laws had directly poured out its godly power. But Luo Feng’s breakthrough this time around was a breakthrough of the godly body level; he had not crossed any threshold. Regardless of how keen the willpower of the origin was in helping Luo Feng build up his godly body as soon as possible, it had to obey the law, which made it a must for Luo Feng to be proactive in his absorption—in order to prompt the fall of the godly ocean water.

One, Luo Feng’s soul was complete; two, at 100,000 times godly power, the absorption was shocking; three, with the permission of the supreme law, the willpower of the origin was remarkably cooperative. This was why it only took slightly over a year for the boundless Remote Ocean to expand again. This time its diameter was as wide as 12 light years.

“It cannot expand any further.”

The white-robed Luo Feng stood on the surface of the boundless Remote Ocean. High in the sky, the shadow of the ocean of laws finally dissipated.

“I have reached a diameter of 12 light years. There is no way I can swallow any more godly power.” Luo Feng was deep in thought. “I have achieved the third level of godly body, where the size of a godly body is supposedly adjustable according to one’s own preference, but this unlimited godly body, most unfortunately, does not seem to be truly unlimited after all.”

It should be noted that within the ocean of laws of the primal universe, there were limited resources. So how could it be possible to be truly unlimited? A diameter of 12 light years was already a limit that was impossible to surpass.

Luo Feng took one look at the faraway cluster of palaces. There were indeed many great beings looking over from afar. Apparently, the virtual shadow of the ocean of laws that had been sustained for more than a year and the tremendous amount of godly ocean water that was like a heavy storm had dealt them a great shock.

“Let’s begin!”

Having made a move in his mind, Luo Feng saw several figures appear successively beside him. They were his Remote Ocean body, Mosha body, Golden Horned Beast body, and, in addition, his earthling original body. All stood before him.

“Compact!”

Luo Feng looked down at the vast Remote Ocean.

Hong! Long!

Shortly after, Luo Feng made another move in his mind. Immediately, the boundless Remote Ocean crashed toward Luo Feng’s earthling original body in a great surge. The earthling original body was like a bottomless pit. It swallowed and accommodated all the godly ocean water to its heart’s content, and within the blink of an eye, the mighty and boundless Remote Ocean had vanished. Not a trace was left.

But no! To be more precise, a small lake remained. Compared to the previous Remote Ocean, this small lake was negligible.

“Huh?” Luo Feng frowned as he looked into the distance at the small lake amidst the void space. “My earthling original body cannot accommodate all the godly body of the boundless Remote Ocean?”

He mused to himself, The power of that small lake is equivalent to the reserve of power in my earthling original godly body, meaning to say, the godly power my earthling original body had was the same as that of the boundless Remote Ocean when its diameter was at 12 light years. No more, no less.

“I can’t be too greedy.”

The white-robed Luo Feng looked to his side.

Buzz!

An indistinct golden light came on. Right away, his earthling original body, his Golden Horned Beast body, his Mosha body, the small lake, and his Remote Ocean body all went into the golden light.

From afar, Void Gold True God, Fire Dome True God, and the various others were all filled with anticipation.

“To god country.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader has set off for his god country. After swallowing such a tremendous amount of godly power, it should be time for him to start expanding his god country into a miniature universe.”

In the vast god country, there were grasslands, a great ocean, and mountains. Luo Feng stood high up in the air as he looked down at his vast god country.

“My god country has reached its limit. I just need to start expanding, and very soon, my god country will be able to evolve into a miniature universe. My godly power has also absorbed to its limit. I am no longer able to absorb any more… so… let’s begin.”

Luo Feng was standing high up in the sky where he could not help but feel a little excited. How could he not be excited, considering he had looked forward to this day for as long as a trillion eras? Then, with a thought, Luo Feng’s vast god country started expanding with a loud rumble.

From where they were originally, the boundary walls of his god country started expanding outwards. This expansion brought about a sudden, violent reaction.

Hong!

The entire god country trembled, and instantly, a void passageway appeared. It remained connected to his god country. He did not know where it originated from, but from the end that was lodged within his god country, an endless, chaotic airflow started to surge outward like crazy. The moment this dense, chaotic airflow charged its way in, it tore heaven and earth apart; it tore the ocean apart; everything was shattered and returned to a chaotic state.

With the tremendous amount of energy supplied by the chaotic airflow, his god country started to expand like crazy.

Hong!

Following the expansion of his god country, another void passageway appeared. This allowed even more chaotic airflow to surge in. It was like a scene in which the world was facing total destruction.

Luo Feng stood in the middle of his god country and looked around. Numerous void passages were emerging successively, thus allowing an upsurge of chaotic air flow. This caused the whole god country to become a chaotic whirlpool. At this point, his god country was still expanding.

As it was expanding, it was constantly on the move. Luo Feng’s god country had originally been within a “space interlayer,” and beyond it was the membrane wall of the primal universe. By penetrating the membrane wall, one would enter the primal universe! At the moment, his god country was consistently making progress in its advances. However, expanding from a god country to a miniature universe did require a certain amount of time.

In the blink of an eye, seven days had passed.

“It’s going to be 100 million light years, soon. A diameter of 100 million light years is the general volume for all miniature universes of true gods.”

Luo Feng stood amidst the endless, chaotic airflow, filled with anticipation for his own god country. The diameter of miniature universes of true gods of void space usually fell within a range of one billion light years to ten billion light years. But for true gods, the diameter was kept at a consistent 100 million light years. This was because when these miniature universes were first born, it was always the same situation. Upon expanding and acquiring their fixed forms, the miniature universes would immediately begin working out their internal structures. And when the true gods became true gods of void space after their breakthroughs in the future, these internal structures and true gods’ powers would affect the sizes of their miniature universes.

Peng!

The entire god country trembled suddenly. The walls surrounding his god country slowly transformed into universe membrane walls and eventually became a massive godly body with a diameter of 100 million light years.

Then this miniature universe with a diameter of 100 million light years unexpectedly continued to expand.

“Still expanding.” Luo Feng, who was already exhilarated, was now shocked. “All miniature universes of true gods are usually around the same size. Why is my miniature universe still expanding?”

Could it be related to my godly body? Luo Feng could not help wondering.

Previously, when he had first achieved 100,000 times life gene level, the billions of races from the primal universe had knelt before him to offer their congratulatory wishes. That scene had been incredible. As for the expansion of his god country, it was closely related to the godly body.

For the godly power route, there would first be a breakthrough in one’s godly body, so that the god country could continue to expand a little. Usually, for those who chose the godly power path, regardless of whether it was 30,000 times, 60,000 times or 90,000 times, their miniature universes would still remain at a diameter of 100 million light years. Yet Luo Feng had managed to unshackle himself from this restraint.

According to the documentation on the ancient civilization by the pulse of Duan Dong River and the World of Jin, no true god was known to have achieved 100,000 times life gene level. This was much more difficult to achieve than 90,000 times life gene level, hence the scarcity of such occurrences. In such a situation, could it be so simple to achieve 100,000 times life gene level?

To achieve 30,000 times life gene level, the height of a godly body would increase sharply by ten times. To achieve 60,000 times life gene level, the height of a godly body would increase sharply by 1,000 times and achieving 90,000 times life gene level would allow one to reach the stage of an unlimited godly body, where its size was entirely up to the true god’s own preference. As for 100,000 times? More laws would fall, and the various other races would come forth to express their congratulations. If this were not regarded as unique, that would be a joke.

Yet now, Luo Feng was focused on becoming a true god. Thus, he had yet to look into this area in depth.

At that moment, his miniature universe had exceeded the common diameter measurement of 100,000 light years, which was one of the special traits enabled by the achievement of 100,000 times life gene level.

The greater the diameter, the more the volume would increase by leaps and bounds. This would then hinder the speed of expansion of the miniature universe because more chaotic airflow would be required.

The diameter increased from 200 million light years to 300 million light years…

As Luo Feng expanded his miniature universe, every single race from the primal universe all the way to the Universe Ocean had been waiting expectantly for a new miniature universe to appear. Yet, no matter how long they waited, there was no sign of a new miniature universe emerging.

“What is going on?” Primal Chaos City Leader wondered, feeling a bit anxious. “Luo Feng previously told me that his god country was starting to change into a miniature universe. The evolution to form a miniature universe should not take too long, right? It has already been half a year. Why is there still no news?”

Opposite Primal Chaos City Leader, there was another white-robed man, Teacher Origin.

Luo Feng liked white robes, and so did Teacher Origin. But the two were of very different temperaments. Luo Feng was more like a long-range rifle—unwavering, sharp, and unstoppable! On the other hand, Teacher Origin was of a gentler disposition.

“I, too, don’t know.” Teacher Origin shook his head. “The virtual universe could only vaguely detect the other region. I am sure of it. Luo Feng’s god country is right at that region… but right now, it is expanding, and his origin is starting to take form. I cannot intrude any further. No need to mention that when his god country is expanding—with the help of the willpower of the origin, and with the supreme laws will help to bring about—no one will be able to affect him. No one will be able to contact him.”

During a breakthrough, one was under absolute protection. No one was able to interrupt another’s breakthrough period.

The various races of Universe Ocean were all feeling anxious.

Within his own miniature universe, Luo Feng could feel the continuous expansion of his miniature universe until one fine day, when the miniature universe finally stopped expanding with a rumble, and everything was formed. At the same time, an unstoppable, mighty force was exerted over the miniature universe. The miniature universe was originally already situated by the membrane walls of the primal universe. Under the influence of this unstoppable and mighty force, it was popped out easily as though it was no more than a glass ball.

Hong!

The entire miniature universe crashed its way out of the primal universe, and like a fish entering the ocean or like a bird soaring up into the sky, this miniature universe finally made its way into the vast Universe Ocean.

Chapter 1442 - Unity of

Bodies, Universe Structure

This miniature universe had a diameter of one billion light years. No more, no less.

When it was being blasted out of the primal universe, a gaping hole with a diameter bigger than one billion light years was left on the membrane walls of the primal universe. The miniature universe revolved in a rolling manner that crushed and compacted the surroundings, causing the chaotic airflow to be in an upsurge. To bombard such a massive object hard enough to push it out of its original position—how powerful a force would that be?

Hong!

There was a violent vibration, and the vibration was transmitted out.

Since the time when Luo Feng had caused billions of races of the primal universe to bow before him, he had become a subject of concern for every single race of Universe Ocean. When he had brought his many other bodies back to his god country, great beings from the various races of Universe Ocean had also long been stationed at areas outside the universe membrane walls corresponding to the humans’ territory at the earlier stage (that is, the humans’ territory before Huge Axe’s annihilation). As many as several hundred universe masters were scattered all over, lying low in waiting.

“Tear!” A green-colored beast that resembled a lizard was suspended amidst the void space in a winding manner with flashing green eyes. “There are ripples!”

Right away, it discovered, that not far away, there a bout of powerful ripples was being transmitted over. Without further ado, it teleported and rushed toward where it had located its target.

“What…?”

After reaching its destination upon teleportation, it spotted at first glance the massive miniature universe that was still rolling and rumbling, even though it was a distance away. Within this vast region, it was not alone. A few dozen universe masters had rushed over upon detecting the ripples.

“It is a miniature universe.”

“It’s huge.”

“It is very close to the membrane wall of the primal universe. It probably just blasted out. Look, it is still tumbling about. It must have just been thrown out.”

“Such a big miniature universe.”

“How big must it be?”

It was so large. Plus, the surging waves of chaotic airflow made it difficult to have a clear view of anything at all. Using their naked eyes alone, the universe masters would not be able to come up with an accurate judgment. Instantly, the universe masters teleported nearer to this miniature universe. Encircling it, they tried to come up with a more accurate judgment of its actual size.

“This newly emerged miniature universe has a diameter of one billion light years!”

“Wow! One billion light years!”

“Other true gods’ miniature universes are all only as big as 100 million light years. Purple Moon Holy Land universe has a diameter of 210 million light years, and East Emperor Holy Land universe has a diameter of 320 million light years, but both the holy land ancestors had long transcended reincarnation to achieve a much higher level… That is how their miniature universes were able to get so big. For this Milky Way Horde Leader’s miniature universe to be so big… This is quite unexpected.”

They were all shocked. But even though they were shocked, they were still able to accept. Because in their hearts, they all knew that for Luo Feng to become the Number One Master of Universe Ocean while still a mere universe master, and for him to be able to get billions of races (including true gods) of the primal universe to bow before him the moment he achieved a breakthrough, it was not strange for him to be able to create such a miracle, given such impressive power and influence.

Right away, the news was rapidly spread to every race in the entire Universe Ocean.

“He has become a true god, and his miniature universe has a diameter of one billion light years? Haha! Great.” Divine Eye True Master and the other four true masters had gathered, and Divine Eye True Master was greatly delighted as he commented, “Milky Way is by far the most powerful true god! We finally have a hope of stemming the tide of the Sector Beast crisis!”

“Only a true god, and yet his miniature universe is so big. Even the inheritance of the ancient civilization of the World of Jin has no records of such a feat. Incredible, incredible.”

“Impossible!” Purple Moon Ancestor also got the news and was in for a great shock.

“Ancestor, I saw it with my own eyes!” the godly-powered avatar of a particular universe master beneath Purple Moon Ancestor reported deferentially. “Not just me, in fact. The various races of Universe Ocean all know that this is the absolute truth.”

Purple Moon Ancestor was dumbfounded. “This, this, this…”

During some favorable encounters in his life, Purple Moon Ancestor had belittled even someone like East Emperor. Undoubtedly, he must have known a great deal.

“Previously, billions of races all bowed to him as a means of congratulating him, and now, his true god miniature universe has attained a diameter of one billion light years.” Purple Moon Ancestor shook his head. “From this pulse of mine, there have been several existences who stood at the peak of the ancient civilization. However, for all of them, when they became true gods, their miniature universes had diameters of 100 million light years. It was the same for everyone in this ancient civilization, without exception. This Luo Feng… what has he done?” Purple Moon Ancestor gritted his teeth. “No matter how strong you are, it will be best if you can kill all the Sector Beasts!”

In Universe Ocean, it was a scene of celebration. Even Luo Feng’s enemies were equally delighted because he was their only hope of dealing with the Sector Beasts.

Of course, the humans in their own territorial grounds were most excited. Luo Feng’s parents, his wife, his sons, and his other family members, as well as Primal Chaos City Leader and True Yan—all of whom were always greatly concerned about Luo Feng—were excited beyond containment.

Even Teacher Origin could not help marveling when he learned of the news, saying, “How can a mere true god’s miniature universe be this big? Incredible. This is simply incredible!”

No matter how the outside world rejoiced, no one was able to establish contact with Luo Feng.

Within his miniature universe, Luo Feng looked all around. The void passages had long vanished, and the entire miniature universe was filled with an endless and majestic chaotic airflow.

“The universe has expanded to its ultimate limit. The next step will be to unite all my other bodies, return back to their origin, and then transform back into my earthling original body. There are also the universe origin and universe structure.”

Luo Feng held his breath. The next steps had to be completed in succession. And among them, the one involving the universe structure was the most important step!

The internal structure of the miniature universe had to be determined at the very beginning, before everything else could be finalized. Once the chaotic airflow started to transform into the ten basic law forces, such as time and space, there would no longer be the chance to establish the structure. For any superior great being, there was only one chance for structuring their universe.

This was a once-in-a-lifetime event. One, this structure would determine the future of the miniature universe when it had to undergo evolution in the future; two, it determined the origin of the miniature universe! And three, it determined the ultimate limit that the great being could attain.

Determining the most basic structure was like laying the foundation when building a skyscraper. If the foundation was not well-established, then naturally, it would not be possible to construct a skyscraper at all. If a universe structure was not well constructed to begin with, then in the future, the gradual evolution of the miniature universe would also be limited. For instance, it would be impossible to achieve a breakthrough in evolving to the eternal true god stage.

Even if one might already have an extremely high comprehension ability, if one’s miniature universe did not evolve and enhance itself, there would never be a breakthrough.

How could this step be taken lightly?

Luo Feng stood amid the endless, chaotic airflow where his eyes could easily reach any corner of his miniature universe.

“All bodies unite! Return to origin!”

Luo Feng gave the order right away. His voice resounded throughout the entire miniature universe.

Hong!

A strong bout of power immediately worked its influence over Luo Feng’s original body, Mosha body, Golden Horned Beast body, Remote Ocean body, and the small Remote Ocean lake. Instantly, all of these were shifted to another space. This space was contained within the miniature universe origin. At that moment, it was chaotic within the internal space of the universe origin, as the structure had yet to finalize. The universe structure must be finalized before the origin could take full form.

“Disintegrate!”

The other bodies were completely disintegrated instantly while all the treasures that they carried with them floated aside. This combination of disintegrated bodies transformed into the core of a formidable godly power, where a “heart” was found. That was the heart of a true god.

The heart of a true god was the most important thing within the body of a true god. The soul would be hidden within the heart, and it was how he could communicate with the origin of his miniature universe. If the origin of his miniature universe was transformed into a great amount of godly power, this power could be transmitted directly to the heart of a true god. Once the heart of a true god shattered, that marked the end of the true god. Luo Feng’s origin of miniature universe was 1,000 times stronger than that of any other true god at the same level, so his heart was also stronger by 1,000 times.

“Return to origin!”

As the voice of Luo Feng’s willpower sounded, a great godly power started to change and condense through a cohesion process. In the process of cohesion, the godly power was constantly being refined, and in moments, it soared by 100 times. At the same time, the cohesion process gave form to flesh and blood, skeletal structure and bones, skin and hair. Very soon, a naked, black-haired man appeared within the origin of the miniature universe that had yet to take complete form.

“When the miniature universe is complete, I can return to the origin,” Luo Feng whispered to himself with a sigh. “With the previous god country, how would it be able to support such an original earthling body of mine?”

Unfortunately, he thought, my power that has soared up to 100 times. This is merely a transformation of my godly power. So now, my godly power is only left with 1 percent of my previous amount.

If this remaining power was spread out and transformed in the form of an ocean, then previously, his godly power could be transformed into an ocean with a diameter of 12 light years. Now, he was left with a power that could be transformed into an ocean with a diameter slightly more than two light years.

Of course, so long as there was enough power, it was still possible to recover back to the diameter of 12 light years. This was, however, up to Luo Feng’s miniature universe to swallow and consume enough power for supply. The primal universe could no longer provide Luo Feng with any more energy.

“Fortunately, by becoming a true god, my soul will be hidden within the heart of true god. In terms of quantity, even if I have not achieved my ultimate potential, my power can still be released to its maximum potential. Regardless, I have finally become a true god.”

Luo Feng let out a long sigh and, for the moment, felt a tremendous amount of fiery passion.

“True god!”

He had waited so long for this day.

“Come.” Luo Feng set his gaze afar. Not far from him, all the treasures—like Wu Qi God and Shi Wu Wings, which were afloat in midair—suddenly came flying at high speed toward him. Wu Qi God enveloped him all over, forming an armor over his entire body, while Shi WU Wings also appeared on his back. Star Tower, Blood Ghost Blade, and various other treasures were all stored with a flip of Luo Feng’s palm.

“Now, we have to start on the most important step,” Luo Feng said to himself. “The pulse of Duan Dong River and the pulse of the World of Jin—both have a set of their own miniature universe structure laws. Even the three generations of ancestors and the Godly King of Jin’s miniature universe structure laws have records. However, my set of structure law does not necessarily have to be the same as theirs.”

A long time ago, Luo Feng had once put some thought into designing a framework for his own structure law. This was a final set of laws that Luo Feng had come up with. It was based on other various structure laws from the pulse of Duan Dong River and the pulse of the World of Jin. At the time, Luo Feng had named it “Cloud Nine.”

However, this time around, he had broken through to achieve 100,000 times life gene level. For the past year or so, while swallowing godly power from the endless Remote Ocean, Luo Fen had been constantly pondering the matter. Based on his comprehension of the life structure diagram and the numerous structure laws that he had come across throughout this period of time, he had created another set of structure laws.

Upon coming up with this newer set of structure laws, Luo Feng could instantly sense that it had absolutely transcended its predecessor, Cloud Nine. Luo Feng named this set of structure laws, “Beginning of the Origin.”

Luo Feng stood within the space of the universe origin of his miniature universe. Internally, everything was chaotic because it had yet to take complete form.

“Rise!”

Luo Feng’s thoughts shrouded the entire universe, and regardless of the space of origin or all the chaos within the universe, everything shook and trembled.

“100,000 Heavens!”

Luo Feng’s willpower enshrouded everything around him as it started to get mobilized. It was just like how the myths and legends described the creation of heaven and earth. It was not one Pan Gu creating the universe, but 100,000 of him, simultaneously creating the universe.

The chaotic airflow within the entire universe was manipulated into splitting and rotating, then gradually condensing to take form as planes within space started to rapidly emerge. Within the span of a single thought, 100,000 planes within spaces were formed. Luo Feng’s face registered a solemn expression. The execution of this structure law, “Beginning of the Origin,” was tens of thousands of times more difficult than the execution of “Cloud Nine.”

Even if his willpower was differentially controlled, there was still a chance of failure. The moment he failed, his structure law could not be regarded as a “Beginning of the Origin.” It would only suffice as “100,000 Heavens,” which meant it was only comparable to structure laws that were considered relatively superior, like those of the pulse of Duan Dong River or the pulse of the World of Jin. Luo Feng, for one, would certainly not be content to be at this level.

Chapter 1443 - Beginning of

the Origin, Arrival of Sector

Beast

Just as Luo Feng was putting his universe structure in place, within the vast Universe Ocean, Sector Beast Morosa was advancing at high speed.

“Loathsome.” The two heads of Sector Beast Morosa looked ferocious. “They all knew my power is greatly reduced… Even those fools whom I have always looked down upon previously are all charging toward me now. Now, I don’t even have a space to survive in within the Sector Beasts’ nest. If not for them, given my power, it would not be difficult at all for me to make my way back to the third stage.”

Anger. Although Morosa had madly devoured an entire Sector Beast to climb its way up to the second stage, that Sector Beast had transmitted the news about Morosa’s greatly reduced power before it was annihilated. This had reduced Sector Beast Morosa to the state of a rat scampering across the street, with everyone chasing after him, trying to attack him. When Morosa had stood at the peak, instinctively, it had wanted to kill the other Sector Beasts too; now that it was weak, it was natural for the other Sector Beasts to want to reciprocate with revenge.

“I can only return to Universe Ocean.” Sector Beast Morosa shook its head. “Since I no longer have a place in the nest, then before I meet my end, I shall let that Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng know the consequences of messing with me.”

Morosa was not fully confident that it could take revenge on Luo Feng. However… it did not have a choice!

The burning desire to destroy ran in its blood. It was the source of its courage to bring destruction upon itself by taking revenge on Luo Feng. Even if it could not kill Luo Feng, it would still attempt to draw out the repulsive feelings toward Luo Feng. And finally, it would transmit all the information it had back to the Land of Darkness and cause Luo Feng to fall into a truly massive calamity.

Sou! Sou!

Sector Beast Morosa executed a series of long-distance teleportations, and very soon, it arrived at the peripheral region of a miniature universe.

“Roar!”

The black fog reappeared in a winding manner around Morosa while streams of distorted light rays extended out directly toward the miniature universe. It did not devour but merely maintained this state.

A short while later, a ship appeared out of nowhere, and a figure flew out from within it. This figure was none other than the majestic and burly Nine-Headed Demon Master.

Nine-Headed Demon Master took one look at Sector Beast Morosa and could not help feel a pinch of regret. He was a true god that had always stayed low-key and showed forbearance to all its wrath and frustrations. After he had learned that the World of Jin had appeared, he had gradually started to reveal his power. He was, in fact, ranked as one of the eight heroes of Universe Ocean.

Even before Hong and Eye Devil God, he had already sent some of the universe masters under his command over to the Sector Beasts’ nest to explore. Every time he sent an exploration team, someone was bound to be annihilated. However, he usually sent out energy life forms, so at least there would not be souls being exterminated.

It was through these explorations that Nine-Headed Demon Master had gotten to know what a terrifying quantity of Sector Beasts were within the nests. His underlings had found out about merely a portion of them, yet that many Sector Beasts was enough to completely fill up a substantial amount of land. The number had sent shivers down his spine!

He was still filled with anticipation. Even though the Sector Beasts were not considered to be very powerful at the moment, one was enough to bring the races within all of Universe Ocean to the brink of collapse.

Finally, Nine-Headed Demon Master had secretly contacted Sector Beast Morosa, and he had decided to pledge allegiance to the Sector Beasts! Just like how Great Thunder Star Master, Dragon Rock Ancestral God, and Zhen Jia Emperor.

However, the moment Nine-Headed Demon Master changed sides, he had greatly regretted his decision. Changing sides meant becoming an obedient servant that only listened and acted according to the wishes of the Sector Beasts. Furthermore, he had a hunch that more trouble was brewing. In the future, when the king of Sector Beasts was born, those who had defected would face tragedy all the same.

He felt deep remorse, but it was too late for regrets!

“My original intention was to keep myself safe during this crisis by taking the side of the Sector Beasts,” Nine-Headed Demon Master said to himself. “I am from the second reincarnation era, and I have the inheritance of the ancient civilization from the World of Jin. With all these, it is totally possible for me to transcend reincarnation during the final period of the third reincarnation era. I never expected such an outcome for pledging allegiance to the Sector Beasts… Loathsome willpower of the origin! It should have mentioned this earlier.”

Nine-Headed Demon Master was regretful and angry. Thanks to Nine-Headed Demon Master’s role as a traitor, Sector Beast Morosa had been able to evade the area where Luo Feng had hidden in order to ambush him.

“Nine-Headed Demon Master,” Morosa said, staring.

“My great king,” Nine-Headed Demon Master responded respectfully. The moment he had changed sides, he had begun to address any Sector Beasts he met as “king”!

Morosa nodded. “Tell me. During this period, what is happening within Universe Ocean? What is Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng up to nowadays?”

Nine-Headed Demon Master replied right away, “My great king! It is relatively peaceful in Universe Ocean. It’s just that Milky Way Horde Leader has now become a true god.”

“He became a true god!” Morosa was greatly taken aback. Previously, when Luo Feng was still a universe master, he had been able to bring Morosa down from the third grade to the first grade. Morosa had only just managed to make it back to second grade, and Luo Feng was already a true god. If they were to cross paths again, the outcome was a given. Morosa would be the one being trampled upon.

“So fast!” Morosa said in shock.

“Not fast.” Nine-Headed Demon Master shook its head. “Milky Way Horde Leader is our universe’s Number One Master. Given his impressive talent, it is considered slow that it took him a trillion eras to finally break through. Besides, his disciple long go became a true god. Also, I have to inform my king… during the time when Milky Way Horde Leader broke through, he…”

Nine-Headed Demon Master related everything he knew, including the billions of races within the primal universe going down on their knees to bow to Luo Feng, and Luo Feng’s miniature universe with a diameter of 100,00 light years. Everything it knew, it related without leaving out a single detail.

The more Morosa learned, the more twisted his expression became.

“Milky Way Horde Leader’s miniature universe has just entered Universe Ocean,” Nine-Headed Demon Master informed Morosa. “At this point, he ought to be laying the structure of his miniature universe. Even if his miniature universe has finalized its form, there is still the evolution of chaos… All these steps require time to complete, and since his miniature universe is so big, I suspect the time that is required will be much longer than most true gods. He might be stuck in there for a month or two.”

Sector Beast Morosa was delighted to hear this. Stuck in there?

Joyfully, Morosa thought, True. After becoming a true god, this Luo Feng will have no other bodies. Only his original body… Then he will not be so daring as to patrol about Universe Ocean. He has to protect his miniature universe as well as his human race. However, there is also the possibility that he will risk coming out to patrol anyway. After all, with so many true gods in his Hong Alliance, if such a group were to take action together, they would still be able to stop me.

Endless thoughts went through Morosa’s mind. Then it grinned.

No matter what, at least for the coming two months… Luo Feng was not able to come out!

“Hahaha…” Morosa laughed heartily. “Nine-Headed, you did well,” he praised.

Nine-Headed Demon Master bowed his head to indicate his allegiance.

Morosa roared with laughter, then teleported away. Nine-Headed Demon Master raised his heads, but all nine of them registered awful expressions. One wrong step, and all the following steps were wrong, too. There was no longer any chance to look back and reconsider his decision.

Within Luo Feng’s miniature universe…

“100,000 Heavens!”

The entire miniature universe had 100,000 planes. They were of different sizes, and there were also differences in structure. Indistinctly, there was contact across every one of these planes within the space. Just like a whirlpool, the chaotic airflow encircled the peripheral region of the planes. 100,000 heavens were all revolving. And internally, everything was pushing toward completion.

At the same time, in the chaotic environment within the universe origin, 100,000 planets started to revolve. These 100,000 planets corresponded to 100,000 Heavens. It was as if the structure of the miniature universe was undergoing a process of “miniaturization” within the space of the origin. Yet Luo Feng knew that it was, in fact, the space of the origin guiding everything happening on the outside world.

After a while, Luo Feng’s eyes shone brightly. “100,000 Heavens is successfully completed,” he said. “Now, I must begin the most important step! Beginning of the Origin!”

Luo Feng’s willpower enshrouded his entire miniature universe. Instantly, 100,000 planes within space started to revolve violently. Every plane was indistinctly maintaining contact with one another. Such contact was unable to be detected by the naked eye. However, within the universe origin, the 100,000 planets that corresponded to 100,000 Heavens, were bursting with streams of golden light. These rays of light were connecting to form a massive network of incomparable precision, like a “super complex” in The Rhinoceros Emperor Game.

“Form!”

Luo Feng’s willpower let out a ferocious roar. 100,000 planets within the universe origin suddenly unleashed a dazzling light. The complex Rhinoceros Emperor Game that was formed by the countless golden light rays was also bursting with energy. Within the entire core, a mass of nothingness was formed.

Hong! Long! Long!

An earth-shattering sound was heard, and the 100,000 planes were still revolving. The whirlpool they created was expanded upon their continuous bombardment against one another. These planes seemed to be randomly scattered about, but once they all started to revolve, once every single plane started to rotate at the same time, it was like Earth revolving around the sun; the 100,000 planes within the surfaces also started revolving around the core!

It was too difficult. It was like pulling and grinding. The beginning pull was always the most difficult. All 100,000 planes within the surfaces surrounded the central core. And the moment they started to revolve, Luo Feng’s willpower felt as though it was about to crumble and collapse. At long last, everything seemed to be revolving. Then the speed of revolution gradually increased! Steadily, some of the planes started to collide with one another. The more delicate ones immediately started to show signs of cracks.

Peng!

One of the planes collapsed right away. Luo Feng remained expressionless. He continued to keep everything under control.

“I say, form!” Luo Feng’s willpower roared once again.

Hong!

The miniature universe let out another rumble that was so loud that it could be heard even from the outside. Luo Feng’s universe origin also let out the same rumble. Then what could be seen was the central position of almost 100,000 planes within spaces, a whirlpool that was in continuous revolution had appeared. It was like a bottomless black hole of whirlpools. Right in the center of the whirlpools was the universe origin.

At that moment, close to the center of these 100,000 planets that were within the universe origin, a void whirlpool appeared.

“Done.” Luo Feng could not conceal his delight.

Everything returned to peace and quiet. With the void whirlpool as the center, close to 100,000 planes were led into continuous revolution. While they were revolving, a new plane unexpectedly emerged. Thereafter, planes started emerging successively. In a fleeting moment, 100,000 planes were recovered. Likewise, within the universe origin, 100,000 planets were recovered.

Luo Feng’s face reflected his joy. “The ‘Beginning of the Origin’ is formed. Everything will have the origin. The birth of everything and anything on Earth is now endless and limitless.”

The void space formed by 100,000 Heavens was none other than the origin. With this origin, his miniature universe could be given endless possibilities. Even if all 100,000 planes within space were shattered, they still had the chance of rebirth.

“Beginning of the Origin…” Luo Feng looked within his own universe origin and saw 100,000 bright, dazzling planets encircling the central void as they revolved around it. This central void was the ultimate core of the entire universe origin. This origin was where everything began. Within the void space, loud gurgling sounds were soon heard. Then, like a fountain spraying water, a tremendous amount of godly ocean water gushed out. And outside Luo Feng’s miniature universe, the tremendous amount of chaotic airflow was being absorbed like mad.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The endless chaotic airflow started to wind and revolve around Luo Feng’s miniature universe, forming a massive whirlpool. Every moment, a tremendous amount of chaotic airflow was being swallowed and transformed into godly power.

All miniature universes possessed the ability to transform godly powers, yet for Luo Feng, his “Beginning of the Origin” structure had enhanced this ability of transformation up to a level that was incredible beyond words.

Chapter 1444 - The Rapid

Exaltation

A lone figure appeared out of nowhere. It was none other than Morosa.

At that moment, Morosa was in its original form. Its ugly two heads looked afar at the indistinct silhouette of a miniature universe, while the two single eyes—one on each head—flashed with greed. “Finally, I am here again. So long as I swallow one miniature universe origin, I can be elevated to the second stage pinnacle.”

An evil black aura spread and filled the surroundings as streams of distorted rays of light rapidly penetrated the void space for a distance up to 100 million light years. Continuous streams of dazzling brilliance traveled along those distorted rays and headed right into Morosa’s body.

“How comfortable.” Morosa’s two heads were raised in great satisfaction.

Shock Devil God was entrenched somewhere along the rolling mountain range, where its tail was wrapped around the foothills of the mountains and its head entwined around the mountain peaks. Suddenly, its eyes shot open with such ferocity that they resembled two massive, blazing stars.

“Sector Beast!” Shock Devil God revealed a hint of fear. “The Sector Beast is finally here again. After disappearing for so long, it has finally reappeared…” His fiery red eyes were filled with worry. “The last time it appeared, it managed to escape after being severely injured by Milky Way Horde Leader. I’m afraid the situation won’t be so simple this time.”

Shock Devil God was fearful and anxious. It was not confident about confronting the Sector Beast. The first opponent Morosa would choose among the true gods would definitely be one of the weaker powers.

“Divine Eye True Master, Nine-Headed Demon Master, Primal Chaos City Leader, Nine Remoteness True Master…” Shock Demon Master started to transmit the news. “The Sector Beast has appeared right outside my miniature universe. It is now devouring the origin of my miniature universe.”

The Sector Beast had reappeared!

The news was like a storm that spread very rapidly among all the races within the entire Universe Ocean (not including the two races headed by Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God).

In the virtual universe, there was a beautiful godly palace suspended in one of the individual spaces. At the highest level of this godly palace, there were two thrones. Beside the two thrones, as many as 100 other thrones were arranged according to rank. This place was True God Palace.

Presently, the humans were held in great esteem throughout the entire primal universe, especially in the face of a Sector Beast crisis. Occasionally, some true gods’ meetings would be held at this True God Palace, where everyone would be gathered. The two thrones at the highest position belonged to two of the eight heroes—Milky Way Horde Leader, Luo Feng, and Primal Chaos City Leader! Even Nine Remoteness True Master had to sit one level down. This showed the current status of the humans!

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Many figures were appearing successively, filling up those vacant thrones. At the top, garbed in a golden robe, was Primal Chaos City Leader. Right away, he took his seat and looked down at the crowd.

“Primal Chaos City Leader.” Golden Horn True God from Space Beast Alliance wasted no time in speaking up. “Shock Devil God’s miniature universe is being devoured by the Sector Beast again. That Sector Beast has returned.”

As Golden Horn True God’s original body was also a golden horned beast, throughout the entire Space Beast Alliance, it shared the closest relationship with Luo Feng. Therefore, Golden Horn True God was usually the main point of contact between the Space Beast Alliance and the humans.

“Primal Chaos City Leader, Sector Beast is back here. It seems we are in a tricky situation. To deal with the Sector Beast, there’s only Milky Way Horde Leader!”

“But is everything going well for Milky Way Horde Leader?”

Some of the true gods from other races spoke up. The true gods from the human race, on the other hand, kept mum.

From his seat in the highest throne, Primal Chaos City Leader looked down at the floor and said with indifference, “Milky Way Horde Leader is going through the most crucial moment in becoming a true god. His power is greatly increased, and this concerns the fate of all the races in Universe Ocean. Before Milky Way Horde Leader’s miniature universe is formed… no one is allowed to bother him!”

A voice was heard from the floor. “The Sector Beast?”

Primal Chaos City Leader responded flatly, “As for the Sector Beast at Shock Devil God’s miniature universe… we shall let the respective true god troops settle the problem.”

Instantly, no one had any different opinions to raise. After all, everyone present was from the primal universe. If the Sector Beast had the intention to devour any miniature universes, it would target those from the first and second reincarnation eras. Those from the primal universe were naturally not worried. The degree to which Luo Feng’s power increased had a direct impact on their fate; so undoubtedly, no one would wish to disturb and affect him.

Outside Luo Feng’s miniature universe.

Instantly, the primal universe sent out a great many universe masters and a handful of true gods to encircle and patrol the area surrounding Luo Feng’s miniature universe. This was to prohibit any great beings from the first reincarnation era and second reincarnation era from attacking Luo Feng’s miniature universe, which would disrupt Luo Feng.

“Everyone, take your leave.”

“The increase in Milky Way Horde Leader’s power directly affects the fate of every race within Universe Ocean. No one is allowed to disturb him.”

“Leave.”

In the face of the more powerful races of the primal universe, those from the first and second reincarnation eras naturally would not dare to raise any objections.

Time passed, day after day. This time around, the Sector Beast maintained a continuous record of devouring. It was unlike before when it merely ate for a day and disappeared afterward.

When the origin of Shock Devil God’s miniature universe was almost devoured by half, a troop of 12 true gods showed up. The moment this troop of true gods appeared, Morosa immediately executed the technique of disassembling his body and made a speedy escape.

Merely half a day after the escape, Morosa showed up outside another miniature universe and started devouring again.

One miniature universe, two miniature universes, three miniature universes… six miniature universes!

Morosa had no intentions of battling any of them. Every time it encountered a troop of true gods, it took off immediately. Even though it was only a second stage Sector Beast now, if it wanted to escape, there was no one—other than Luo Feng and Nine Remoteness True Master—who could have stopped it from escaping.

“Primal Chaos City Leader, this is already the sixth miniature universe. In just one short month. If we condone all of its devouring, the origins of our miniature universes will eventually be greatly weakened. Even if we do manage to evade the Sector Beast crisis, given how weak our miniature universes have become, we will not be able to further rise up to the level of true gods of void space.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader should be doing fine, we hope.”

“If this goes on, those of us from the first and second reincarnation eras will find ourselves in a hopeless situation.”

Several overlords, including Divine Eye True Master, Nine-Headed Demon Master, and Jue He True God were all communicating with Primal Chaos City Leader via their transmission tokens. Like Divine Eye True Master, they might have had strong powers, but if the Sector Beast was bent on escaping, none of them would be able to stop it.

“Enough,” Primal Chaos City Leader responded indifferently. “Everyone, remember. Not to mention devouring only part of your miniature universes, even if it were to finish off a few miniature universes, or to the extent of a few true gods being annihilated, bothering Luo Feng is absolutely not allowed! Anyone who dares do otherwise will be an enemy of us humans!”

The moment he set the ultimatum, the numerous true gods from the first and second reincarnation eras were instantly left with no choice but to hold their peace.

Luo Feng was completely oblivious to the chaos within Universe Ocean. In his miniature universe, Luo Feng was working on the evolution of chaos.

The lofty Law of Chaos was starting to undergo a gradual transformation. It was transforming into the ten major basic laws, including time, space, gold, wood, water, fire, earth, thunder, light, and wind. Throughout the process of change, there were also various fusion laws involved—for instance, Golden Space Law, and Time and Wind Law. However, these fusion laws were all concealed within the law of operation of the origin of the miniature universe the moment they appeared.

The law of operation of the origin of the miniature universe was based on the ten major laws. The law of operation of the origin of the miniature universe would conceal every complex law.

Only the Law of Chaos was exempt because all of these were possible because of the evolution of the supreme Law of Chaos.

“The evolution of chaos can only be witnessed once in a lifetime. That is when one becomes a true god. There will be no such opportunity in the future.”

Luo Feng could not afford to be a tad inattentive because, in the future, the exaltation of his miniature universe would only be in numerous transitive increases. The Law of Chaos would no longer be visible at all!

Being able to control the chaos, in the eyes of the ancient civilization, would make one worthy of being called a saint!

Hua! Hua! Hua!

The law was constantly changing. Starting out from the Law of Chaos alone to the point where all the other laws (with the exception of the Law of Chaos) were mixed together, Luo Feng carried out the transformation of the law of his universe origin. This transformation process was none other than the internal evolution of Luo Feng’s universe. Naturally, Luo Feng felt overwhelmed. He had completely immersed himself in the process, and far away in the Universe Boat, by the black-striped stone pillar, the other body sustained by his godly power was also rapidly brooding and comprehending in an environment where time was accelerated by ten million times.

Luo Feng’s comprehension was skyrocketing at an unbelievable speed! The speed at which it was soaring was simply astonishing! When crossing the threshold from a universe master to a true god, the moment the fastest increase in level attained could be seen was this very moment, when he managed to complete comprehending the evolution of chaos. Similar to how many true gods could spend just one to two reincarnation eras comprehending, the time they took was not comparable to this short period the evolution of chaos required.

Before they could become true gods, most universe masters would likely only be fifth-tier universe masters. Yet, upon becoming true gods, their level of secret techniques could quickly increase to the sixth tier as the top, or even up to the seventh or eighth tier!

Before the appearance of the World of Jin, before there had been the inheritance of the ancient civilization, the most powerful outburst of combat power possible was only at the ninth tier. This was true even for the deceased Huge Axe and Divine Eye True Master when relying on their supreme true treasures. This showed that, at that time, the secret techniques they had created were only at the level of the eighth tier as the top, which was already the top-tier standard of the true gods of Universe Ocean at that time. Those who almost reached the level of true gods would likely only be able to create secret techniques at the seventh tier.

As for Luo Feng, he was only a universe master! Yet he could compel himself into creating two sets of secret techniques that were at the eighth-tier level. How abundant a supply he must have accumulated! At the moment, it like an incomparably dry desert that was absorbing water like mad; during the process of “evolution of chaos,” all enlightenment gained via comprehension was rapidly being transformed, and the avatar sustained by his godly power was comprehending while memorizing everything as fast as it could.

The levels attained continued to soar, from the eighth tier as the top the to the ninth tier as the top. Luo Feng did not comprehend any secret technique intentionally, but at that moment, the level he had attained could allow him to create a secret technique at the tenth-tier level without much effort!

The only catch was that there was only one chance for the “evolution of chaos”! The moment it was lost, there would not be a second chance!

“Phew!” After a long while, Luo Feng finally let out a long sigh of relief.

One of his eyes indistinctly reflected an endless whirlpool that devoured and swallowed as though the destruction of the universe was its purpose, while the other eye reflected a dazzling, golden light as though the creation of the universe was its purpose. He shut his eyes, and the next time he blinked, all these bizarre sights vanished.

“Evolution of chaos. How very magical indeed,” Luo Feng mused. “What a pity it can only happen once! Everything is now in place. Evolution is completed, and the laws of operation of my universe are also established.”

Luo Feng took a single step and emerged from his universe origin to enter into the vast miniature universe.

The law of operation was established. And so, the endless chaotic airflow within his miniature universe started to transform into gold, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, lighting, light, space, time, and various other forms of energy. Within his miniature universe, there were also emerging continents and rivers—it was the birth of everything. This was the initial stage of evolution of the entire miniature universe after its birth, which could be considered to be in its primal state.

Even if this had been an evolution of the primal universe, it would also have to undergo the few mandatory stages of an entire cycle— namely, the stages of birth, reaching the primal state, flourishing with prosperity, entering the stage of decline, and finally, meeting destruction.

The time spent on an entire primal stage was so long that it needed to be counted in units of 100 million eras. It was just like the evolution of Teacher Origin’s primal universe; when Teacher Origin had provoked the willpower of the primal universe origin, the evolution of his primal universe had yet to be completed. This proved that the amount of time taken up by the primal stage of the evolution of a miniature universe was extremely lengthy.

“The law of operation has been established,” Luo Feng commented to himself. “Now everything is in place for any future evolution of the universe. It’s time to head back.”

With one stride, Luo Feng exited his own miniature universe.

Chapter 1445 - Patrol

Luo Feng was dazed the second he walked out of his miniature universe.

There were powerful forces permeating everywhere, and there were quite a few great beings gathering right outside the miniature universe. Some of the ripples were strong while some were weak. There must have been some true gods as well as some universe masters waiting outside! Those ripples alone could deter the great beings from the first and the second universe era so that they didn’t dare to come and bother Luo Feng.

Luo Feng was even able to see through the space in the distance and see Long Yan True God, who was standing far away.

“Why are there so many great beings from all the races in the original universe gathering outside my miniature universe?” Luo Feng was confused, and then he permeated his own energy ripples.

All of a sudden, the most powerful ripple in the area appeared in the vast space. Contained in the ripples was a force everyone was familiar with—the force of Luo Feng.

“Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“It’s the ripple of Milky Way Horde Leader.”

All of a sudden, one great being after another teleported and rushed to Luo Feng’s side. One being after another appeared. They all looked at the origin of the ripple. It was a human male in a white cape.

“Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“Congratulations, Milky Way Horde Leader, on becoming a true god.”

“Congratulations.”

“Milky Way.”

All the voices were echoing in Luo Feng’s ears; some belonged to beings of other races who had come to congratulate him, and some belonged to excited humans. Luo Feng reined in his ripples. After doing that, he felt like an ordinary human being.

“Huh?” Luo Feng was slightly dazed. “Reining in forces?”

While trying to pull back his ripples, Luo Feng discovered that he was able to keep reining in his forces. He was even able to pull back his ripples completely, so that no great beings would be able to find him. Generally, it was impossible to pull back life forces, as they were used to identify great beings. However, he found that he was able to do just that.

It seems that there’s more potential in my body, Luo Feng thought. That’s right. There are three levels on the godly power path. At 30,000 times, godly bodies can be ten times taller, and at 60,000 times, godly bodies can be 1,000 times taller. If someone reaches 90,000 times, he’ll be able to change his godly body to any size he wants. As for me, my godly body is at 100,000 times, so it must have some unknown power. I’ll need to study it carefully later.

He’d already concluded that since billions of races all congratulated him when he became a true god at a life gene level of 100,000 times, his godly body was more complicated than he thought. However, he had kept his focus on the birth of his miniature universe, the structure of his universe, and the evolution of chaos, so he didn’t have the capacity of study his own body.

More and more great beings gathered in the space outside his miniature universe, and there were already more than ten true gods and hundreds of universe masters. Most were from the original universe. Some universe masters had also been sent by the Divine Eye clan to help.

“Teacher.” A red-haired teenager flew toward Luo Feng. It was Fire Dome True God, the most powerful disciple of Luo Feng.

“Fire Dome.” Luo Feng nodded.

Two other beings also flew toward him. They were Long Yan True God and Void Gold True God.

“Long Yan and Void God.” Luo Feng was smiling. “What happened? Why are there so many great beings from all the races gathering outside my miniature universe? I thought you were ganging up against the Sector Beasts.”

Long Yan True God looked relaxed. “Haha! We’re here precisely because of Sector Beasts.”

“Sector Beasts?” Luo Feng looked worried. “They showed up again?”

“Not long ago,” said Void Gold True God, “Sector Beasts showed up again… Those from the first and the second universe era were all very anxious. We feared that they would bother you by attacking your miniature universes, so we surrounded your miniature universe so that no other races could disturb you.”

Luo Feng listened while nodding. He had concentrated on the structure of his miniature universe and comprehending the evolution of chaos so nobody was able to find him. If someone had attacked his miniature universe, they would have negatively affected him to a certain extent.

“How many Sector Beasts are there?” asked Luo Feng. This was the issue he actually cared about.

“It’s okay. There’s only one,” said Void Gold True God.

Long Yan added, “Let’s go back first, Milky Way.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded. He looked around and saw a large group of great beings from all the races gathering in the distance, so he said, “Thank you for guarding my miniature universe. I already know about the Sector Beasts, and I’ll do everything in my power to help.”

“It’s our duty,” said the various great beings from all the races.

“We can’t get rid of the Sector Beasts, but guarding you is only a small matter. We wouldn’t let those from other universe eras distract you from comprehending the evolution of chaos.”

“If someone dares to disturb Milky Way Horde Leader, he’ll make himself an enemy of us all.”

Luo Feng expressed his gratitude, then went back to the original universe with Long Yan, Void Gold, and Fire Dome.

Luo Feng easily connected to the virtual universe after he went back to the original universe. The human race had prepared a grand celebration to congratulate him on becoming a true god… However, there were Sector Beasts outside endangering all the races, so they kept it simple.

Inside the true god palace, many beautiful servants were walking around with plates on their hands, and all the true gods sat in the thrones. Down there many universe masters had gathered. There were more than 2,000 universe masters, which showed how powerful the original universe was. There were even great beings from the bug race and the demon race who had come to congratulate Luo Feng.

There weren’t eternal grudges among the races. In the past, the power among the races had been roughly even, so the power struggle had been intense. However, the humans were now so mighty that other races like the demon race no longer had the ambition to seize the throne.

“There’s no need to worry about the Sector Beasts?” Luo Feng asked Primal Chaos City Leader, who was sitting beside him.

“No need,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “The Sector Beast showed up nine times in total, and then it disappeared… It’s been half a month since it last appeared, and I assume the Sector Beast swallowed lots of origins and started to transform the power.”

Luo Feng nodded. It sounded right. Last time, the Sector Beast had done the same thing, as it had needed a long time to convert the energy after swallowing the origins.

“I think it might take it a long time to convert the power. At least one year,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “There’s no need to rush things… However, these are Sector Beasts, after all, so the celebration is simple.”

Someone becoming a true god was a huge even for a race. If not for the Sector Beasts, the celebration would normally have lasted for a year. The one for Luo Feng only lasted a day.

“Besides, this Sector Beast swallowed the origin slower than last time,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “It’s only half as fast as last time.”

“Oh?” Luo Feng nodded.

The speed at which a Sector Beast swallowed an origin could indicate the power of a Sector Beast. That meant the Sector Beast this time was weaker!

“However, there’s a chance that the Sector Beast is just pretending to be weak,” said Primal Chaos City Leader. “And there’s a chance he’s setting a trap for you. You need to be careful.”

“I understand.” Luo Feng nodded.

After the celebration, Luo Feng left the original universe and entered the vast Universe Ocean, beginning to patrol.

“It’s been a long time since the Sector Beast showed up last time, and it should be absorbing and converting the origins it swallowed before.” A spaceship showed up in the chaos space, floating in place. Luo Feng was in it. “It might last a long time. I need to exploit the potential of my body carefully before the Sector Beast comes again.”

Luo Feng started to study the potential carefully again. Now, he finally had some time to tap all his potentialities after becoming a true god.

Of course, Luo Feng divided his consciousness into two parts. Only part of his consciousness was exploiting the potential of his body. As for the other part, it focused on the godly power body beside the black-striped stone pillar. In that space where time traveled ten million times faster, he was trying to fully absorb the comprehension of the evolution of chaos. He tried to improve… He was preparing for the upcoming war.

Luo Feng wasn’t worried about the war at all. Based on the fight against Morosa—especially given the information Morosa had leaked and part of the information leaked by the original mind—Luo Feng could extrapolate.

Firstly, the original mind had said that Sector Beasts had to be eliminated before this universe era ended. Apparently, the King of Sector Beasts would not be born until the first universe era almost ended. Presently, there was still a long time to go! And besides, Morosa had nearly been crushed by Luo Feng, and it had said that after entering the third level, only “Beddy” could have severely injured him.

That meant… the third level in the Sector Beast hive was the top power.

I can easily kill Sector Beasts at the third level, Luo Feng thought.

Months passed, yet that Sector Beast never showed up. This made all the races in Universe Ocean anxious.

In the silent chaos space, a dark being curled up in space. Its power was gradually being strengthened. Finally, it stretched its body and opened its eyes.

“Finally, I’ve converted and absorbed the energies.” Both eyes of Morosa were glinting fiercely. “I’ve reached pinnacle level two. It’s been such a long time. That Milky Way Horde Leader should have shown up.”

Morosa knew that even if it recovered to pinnacle level three or even to Beddy’s level, it wouldn’t be Luo Feng’s match.

Turning into a true god indicated a great breakthrough in power. The exception would be if a large number of Sector Beasts made attacks at the same time, using quantity to make up for lack of quality. If they cooperated and attacked at the same time, even true gods of void space would die.

However, the Sector Beasts were trying to kill each other, so it was impossible for them to cooperate. They were trying to swallow each other until the king was born. That was their destiny!

“I’m coming.” Morosa teleported and disappeared.

Luo Feng’s spaceship floated outside the miniature universe of Rampaging Devil God.

Nobody knew where Luo Feng was guarding, as nobody knew who the spy was—not even the human true gods. Luo Feng had gone to different places.

“My body has such power!” Luo Feng said.

He was amazed. The power of his body, after reaching 100,000 times, was incredible! Before, the life gene level had been mainly about godly power storage, but after reaching 100,000 times, it had reached a different level.

For godly power storage, after gaining an endless godly body, it reached its peak. Yet after Luo Feng reached 100,000 times, he had a variety of power called “Invisible and Formless.”

Chapter 1446 - The Final

Insanity of Morosa

“Change!”

Luo Feng’s blood, flesh, skin, and the structures deeper that were constituting his life started to change, and soon later, his skin became dark, and there was black mist surrounding his body. At the same time. Another head appeared on his head, and each head had a single bloody eye. It was permeating wicked forces, and it was definitely a Sector Beast!

The forces coming from it were definitely the forces of Sector Beasts!

Luo Feng had already reached the legendary level of 100,000 times, which was sheer perfection! Also, it had the characteristics of Sector Beasts and universe masters, true gods, and true gods of void space. Two different lineages were combined in the same body.

The negative side and the positive side usually neutralized each other. However, Luo Feng had reached the peak and was able to merge the two sides, reaching perfection! He was able to permeate godly power. However, if he deliberately altered the force, he was able to easily transform all the energies in his body to an opposite energy: “the power of Sector Beasts.” Certainly, that was the only thing he could do. As for the “colorful portal,” the “separation of bodies,” and the skill to breed endless warriors, Luo Feng didn’t have any of those. He was only able to transform the energies; he couldn’t change his soul!

There were one billion Sector Beasts in total, and while they had high life gene levels, they weren’t at the perfect level of 100,000 times. Only the king was perfect. Although Sector Beasts could simulate the force on the surface, they weren’t able to convert their energies into godly power completely.

If they were really able to convert the energies, there would have been no need for them to be afraid of Nine Remoteness True Master.

Even though they had slightly lower life gene levels than Luo Feng, they were born for destruction. From level one, level two, level three, level four… they kept evolving and getting stronger. The final king of Sector Beasts would be at the same level as the original universe, which was a level Luo Feng could never attain.

After all, Luo Feng was only a creature born inside the original universe. No matter how great he was, he couldn’t compare to Sector Beasts.

Sector Beasts were bred by Universe Ocean, standing in opposition to the original universe!

Converting his energy into the force of Sector Beasts was only one of the skills. “Invisible and Formless” also meant Luo Feng was able to perfectly hide his life force. His diagram of life structure was perfect, which was why he could perfectly hide it. Plus, he was also able to alter his force and imitate other forces!

“Change!” Luo Feng immediately changed. He turned into Sector Beast Morosa, emanating the same force as Morosa.

“Change!” Luo Feng became Primal Chaos City Leader, having the same life force.

“Change!” Luo Feng became Nine Remoteness True Master. “Change!” Luo Feng became Blood Orchid Ancestor.

“Change!” Luo Feng became a spaceship, Boat of Mausoleum, even emanating the same force of the valuable.

“Change!” Luo Feng became a floating rock in the space, with the same force.

He had the perfect diagram of structure, and he was able to turn into flesh and blood, metal, and plant life forms with the same force. It meant that Luo Feng could turn into any great being or any object.

Of course, when it came to those that were too special—like His Majesty the Godly King from Jin Country—the willpower contained within couldn’t be duplicated by Luo Feng. He was able to turn into anyone and anything within his limit.

“Incredible. Much more incredible than the limitless godly body and flexible sizes of bodies.”

Luo Feng was thrilled. At the third level of godly body, one had a limitless godly body and a flexible size. However, compared to “Invisible and Formless,” after reaching perfection, it was still inferior.

Of course, this ability was not invincible.

If I am locked in place, then it will be useless, Luo Feng thought.

If he were trapped in a “single thought void space,” no matter how he changed, his enemies would be able to see him changing, so he wouldn’t be able to get away.

No matter how powerful an ability was, there were weaknesses. Even Sector Beasts had weaknesses, not to mention Luo Feng.

While Luo Feng rejoiced to discover the ability he had after his life gene level reached 100,000 times, Sector Beast Morosa met Nine-Headed Demon Master again.

“These were what happened when you disappeared, my king,” said Nine-Headed Demon Master respectfully.

“Did you leave out anything?” Morosa gazed at Nine-Headed Demon Master with his two singular eyes.

“No.” Nine-Headed Demon Master shook his head.

Morosa waved his claws. “Go.”

Nine-Headed Demon Master bowed, teleported, and disappeared.

Morosa stood in the space of chaos air, and the air was surrounding him. He stood still, sometimes looking furious, sometimes looking reluctant, sometimes looking mad.

“Milky Way Horde Leader.”

Both of the singular eyes of Morosa glinted with insanity. “I can’t kill you, and I have no chance to become the king anymore. But I’ll make you regret what you did.”

Luo Feng at true-god level made Morosa desperate. He felt like an ant facing a mountain. If it could become the king of Sector Beasts, it could definitely kill Luo Feng. However, even in the nest of Sector Beasts, it was a weakling who would be crushed by the others. Back in the nest, it would be killed… It was better for him to behave insanely and perhaps successfully get his revenge.

“No matter what, I’ll give all your information to Beddy and the others. Hahaha…”

Morosa immediately started to send the message. All the Sector Beasts were able to use telepathy, and they could send their messages to each other naturally.

“Beddy, and other idiots! I am the great Morosa! Aren’t you all trying to kill me? Unfortunately, none of you are qualified to kill me… I, Morosa, will die very soon. The one who is going to kill me is the most powerful great being in Universe Ocean. The human, Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng!

“Remember this name: Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng! He’s powerful beyond all your imagination. When he was only a universe master, he was able to overpower all the other true gods and was already the number one great being in Universe Ocean. When he was fighting me, he was at such a great advantage that I couldn’t resist him at all, and I could only flee. I went back to level one from level three because of him… Beddy, even you’re not his match. And now, he has already become a true god! He’s only going to get more powerful, and I can’t even imagine how powerful he is now. If it’s a one-to-one battle, even if you are at pinnacle level four now, you’ll be killed by him, Beddy… All you idiots must fight him together—or consume each other to give birth to level-five Sector Beasts or higher.

“Fight and kill each other, and let the final king be born! Remember, beware of Milky Way Horde Leader. Don’t let him destroy the Sector Beasts! Beddy! Haha! You failed to kill me after all.”

The message was spread.

The eyes of Morosa gleamed all the more madly, as it wasn’t afraid of death anymore. Now that its message had been sent, the Sector Beasts would start to prepare for everything now.

“Haha… Milky Way Horde Leader, this is only the first gift for you. I have a second gift…” Morosa in instantly teleported and disappeared. ******

In the core area of one of the three Lands of Extremis, in Tilted Peak Sector, in the Land of Darkness, was the hive of Sector Beasts.

Every Sector Beast received the message sent by Morosa, and it shocked all the Sector Beasts in the hive. They hadn’t realized that the life forms in Universe Ocean, which they treated as food, could give birth to such a terrific creature.

“The one who knocked Morosa back to level one was only a universe master.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader?”

“Now that he’s a true god…”

“Is he really more powerful than Beddy?”

All the Sector Beasts everywhere in the hive immediately remembered Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng.

Si! La!

The ferocious Sector Beast known as “Beddy,” who was swallowing flesh and blood endlessly, suddenly raised both of its heads. Black blood dripped from the edges of its lips. The dying Sector Beast was yelling, “Did you hear that, Beddy? Even you’ll be killed by that Milky Way Horde Leader if you meet him. You’ll die! You’ll die as well!”

Ka! Cha!

Beddy opened its mouth abruptly and swallowed half of the head of the dying Sector Beast. Its eyes were cold.

“Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng?” Beddy whispered the name.

One miniature universe after another was located outside the original universe, and they floated around the original universe. They belonged to the true gods from the original universe, so they were all very close to it.

These miniature universes were all very safe. They were all connected to the original universe through universe portals, so even if they were swallowed by the Sector Beasts, the true gods from the original universe could arrive as soon as possible to fight them by following the universe portals.

Morosa had never attacked the miniature universes of the true gods that belonged to the original universe era.

Hua!

The chaos air trembled. A black, ugly being showed up in space. Morosa was staring at the miniature universe in the distance. He muttered, “This? Is this the miniature universe of the greatest and the first leader of the human race, ‘Teacher Origin’? It seems to be called the primal universe… Teacher Origin is completely suppressed, and he isn’t even able to control his own miniature universe. He can’t even drive it to morph, which is why it remains at the primal status. And without Teacher Origin to control it, that means his small universe doesn’t have his willpower to guard it.” Morosa was looking forward to it. “Which means it’ll be the most efficient to swallow his miniature universe.”

Swallowing the origin of a miniature universe depended, for one thing, on the level of the miniature universe. The more advanced a miniature universe was, the more resistant it was.

For another thing, the willpower of the true god also mattered. When Morosa had swallowed Purple Moon Holy Land, he had been able to eat it quickly. However, when Purple Moon Ancestor had utilized his willpower to guard it, the holy land had become much more resistant.

I should be able to eat the miniature universe of Teacher Origin much faster than others, Morosa thought. Let it begin. If I can swallow the universe of the earliest leader of the human race, will Luo Feng and the humans lose their minds?

Morosa expected as much.

Chapter 1447 - Captured Alive

In the virtual universe, Primal Chaos City Leader and Darkness True God were walking halfway up the peak of Thunder Island, talking with each other.

Sou!

A being condensed in front of them.

“Teacher!”

Both Primal Chaos City Leader and Darkness True God were happily surprised, as it was unusual for them to see Teacher Origin.

Teacher Origin, dressed in the white cape, said anxiously, “Go to the primal universe now. The origin of my miniature universe is being swallowed by a Sector Beast. I’m being suppressed, so I can’t guard the origin with my willpower to resist it. I think, after an hour, 80 percent of my origin will be lost. Then I’ll never become a true god of void space.”

“What!” Both Primal Chaos City Leader and Darkness True God were terrified. “Okay, we’re going now, Teacher!”

Chaos and Darkness were desperately anxious. Teacher Origin was a being who had risen while the human race was still weak. He had been the first great being in Universe Ocean, and although he was suppressed, he had still created the virtual universe, which greatly helped the humans, and had cultivated many great beings like Huge Axe, Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness True God, and Ice Mountain Master.

Without him, there wouldn’t be Chaos, Huge Axe, or Darkness, and Luo Feng wouldn’t have obtained such accomplishments. He had made an incomparable contribution to the human race.

“Tell everyone! Go to the primal universe now! Go to the primal universe now!” Primal Chaos City Leader immediately gave an order through the virtual universe. “The origin of the primal universe doesn’t have the willpower of Teacher Origin to guard it, so it’s extremely weak. It’s being swallowed by the Sector Beast! Go there now! Go there now!”

The order was sent.

“It’s swallowing the primal universe of Teacher Origin?”

“Goddamn Sector Beast! How dare it!”

“God damn it!”

All the human true gods immediately took off for the primal universe through the universe portal.

“Luo Feng.” Luo Feng, who was guarding the miniature universe of Rampaging Devil God, immediately took out his communications token.

“Teacher,” answered Luo Feng.

“Come back now! Come back now!” Primal Chaos City Leader transmitted his voice. “The Sector Beast is swallowing the primal universe of Teacher Origin. Teacher Origin is being suppressed, so he can’t guard the origin of the primal universe… It’s swallowing the origin very quickly. 80 percent of the origin of the primal universe will be gone in one hour.”

“What?” Luo Feng was shocked.

Normally, when a universe was being swallowed, it could last for at least ten days against the swallowing speed of that Sector Beast. Was the primal universe that weak? 80 percent would be gone in only one hour?

Little did Luo Feng know that it was very important to have the willpower of the true gods to guard miniature universes. Purple Moon had slowed down the pace of his miniature universe being swallowed to 1/100th because he had guarded it with his willpower.

“I’m coming now,” said Luo Feng. “Tell other true gods to stop that Sector Beast first.”

Sou!

Luo Feng took back Star Tower and started to teleport to advance by himself.

Universe masters and true gods had different distances of teleportation, with true gods being faster! Why could true gods move farther in teleportation? Because the “Heart of True God” could resist the influence with the origin, so they could sense a more distant spot.

The teleportation distance of true gods of void space was larger than that of true gods.

Luo Feng’s miniature universe was 1,000 times larger than the miniature universes of normal true gods (almost as large as Purple Moon Holy Land)! Under “Beginning of the Origin,” its origin was incredible, so his teleportation distance was at the level of a true god of void space.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Luo Feng kept teleporting.

“If I were still a universe master, it would take me five days to get back from Rampaging Devil God. Now, it’s just over one hour.”

Luo Feng was worried sick. Rampaging Devil God was from the second universe era, so his miniature universe was not far from the original universe—much closer than the miniature universes of the true gods from the first universe era. However, it might still take him more than an hour, so he couldn’t make it in time.

While Luo Feng was heading back at his fastest speed, Morosa was swallowing the miniature universe nearest to him in the space close to the original universe. It was permeating traces of circuitous light to penetrate the space, devouring the origin.

“So quick. Without the willpower, the speed is so satisfying. I can’t believe I can still have delicious food of this sort before I die. Hahaha…”

Morosa was devouring it with all its energies.

Hong!

The space around it was clotted.

“He’s coming?” Morosa was shocked. It immediately separated its body into 99 parts, and they quickly flew in 99 different directions.

“Don’t even run, Sector Beast!” said a furious voice. “Freeze!”

Primal Chaos City Leader, bathed in golden light, pointed at the Sector Beast, enraged. There was a strange token floating on his palm, which was giving out endless green light, covering an area of several square light years. The great binding power immediately worked on all 99 bodies, gradually slowing them down.

“Kill it!” Peng Gong True God roared in anger. “Lock!”

Hua! Hua! Hua!

With him as the center, tens of millions of endless water pillars burst out and extended relentlessly, forming a vast ocean. All of a sudden, 32 of the 99 bodies were covered in the ocean immediately. Even though all those bodies tried to hit the ocean, they weren’t able to make their way out.

“Don’t you dare hurt my teacher!” Darkness True God raised his head and roared. At the same time, the cloak on his back was suddenly enlarged, transforming into endless darkness. It covered all 99 bodies like a dark universe.

“Don’t you dare hurt Teacher Origin!”

“Die!”

“Die!”

There were more than 30 true gods, and all of them were performing every skill they knew—either spiritual weapon binding skills or godly power sweeping from Darkness and Peng Gong. Those weaker true gods like Fire Dome and even the true gods from other races in the Hong Alliance all tried their best. They were doing everything in their power to save the most ancient leader of the human race.

“Gather!” The other 98 bodies of the Sector Beast that were fleeing all disappeared, and the only body left turned back to the original body. That move rendered everything that Darkness and Peng Gong did useless.

“Separate.”

Sector Beast separated into 99 pieces and tried to flee again.

It was fleeing at a rapid pace, but the binding power couldn’t be overcome. If there were already domain type binding valuables in place, any other domain type valuable would be useless over that. Meanwhile, the Sector Beast was incredibly sly and fast, and it finally made its way out of the army of human true gods.

“This is crazy. They’re acting like crazy.” Morosa was scared as it moved through space. “It’s only been a short while, but under that godly power consumption, one-third of my strength is gone. Fortunately, I decided to run immediately. Otherwise, I wouldn’t even have had a chance to get away. However, it’s not that easy for me to give up. The more intense you get, the more satisfied I am. I am even happy to die!”

Morosa’s eyes gleamed with madness.

Sou!

It teleported and rushed toward the primal universe again.

In the space outside the primal universe, Primal Chaos City Leader and other true gods he was leading were all furious. Primal Chaos City Leader gave an order: “Let’s stay here and guard the primal universe. After all, it is the more fragile one! If other miniature universes of ours are swallowed afterward, we can still make other plans.”

“Okay,” answered all the true gods from other races in the Hong Alliance.

“Let’s follow Primal Chaos City Leader.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded, but he was still worried. Although they were here, they had their godly power avatars in the primal universe, so they could easily connect to the virtual universe.

“No! The Sector Beast has started to swallow the primal universe again!”

“It’s still swallowing the universe?”

“How dare it come again!”

Everyone was shocked, but, at the same time, they also received the coordinates of the Sector Beast sent by Teacher Origin.

“Go.”

Everyone teleported and dashed toward the Sector Beast. A miniature universe had a diameter of 100 million light years. Usually, Sector Beasts were able to swallow them from several hundred million light years away, so even if Sector Beasts randomly chose a place several hundred million light years away from the miniature universe and began to absorb it, it would take the true gods a while to get there.

The Sector Beast swallowed the small universe from one spot for only ten seconds at a time, and then it would immediately teleport and flee to a more distant spot and swallow the miniature universe for another ten seconds. Primal Chaos City Leader and the other true gods were being made to look like fools.

“Separate now and separate into ten different teams,” Primal Chaos City Leader ordered. “That Sector Beast is obviously weaker than the one last time. Scatter into ten teams. Even though we can’t kill it, we can at least banish it.”

“Okay.”

“Okay.”

Immediately, they were divided into ten different teams, surrounding the primal universe in different locations. By doing so, the team closest would be able to get to the Sector Beast in several seconds once they located it, forcing it to flee… However, now that they were separated into ten teams, none of the teams would be able to kill or even severely injure the Sector Beast.

It was madness. Sector Beast Morosa had gone completely mad. It had no intention of fighting any true god, and once it ran into one, it would fly away, then come back and keep swallowing. It had its sights on the primal universe! It was only able to swallow it for one or two seconds at a time, but it was determined to destroy the Primal Universe.

A message arrived: “Where is the Sector Beast, Teacher?”

“Finally, you have come back, Luo Feng!” Primal Chaos City Leader was exhilarated, and he immediately sent a message to Luo Feng. “It’s at…”

Although he was one of the eight great overlords and it was easy for him to defeat a Sector Beast, it was almost impossible for him to kill one.

In the space surrounding the primal universe, Luo Feng, clothed in a white cape, stepped forward. After he confirmed the coordinates, he turned around with his eyes looking aloof. “That’s where it is.”

Sou!

Luo Feng took a step and teleported. He was able to teleport much farther than other true gods. Although the Sector Beast was also able to teleport farther than other true gods, it was still a shorter distance than Luo Feng.

“You’ve finally come,” said Morosa.

“Get in.”

Luo Feng reached out his hands, and a tower flew out of his palm. It was Star Tower.

Star Tower immediately flew to the sky, giving out endless gleaming light. There was an endless dark whirlpool at the base of the tower that covered an area of several square light years, extending toward the Sector Beast Morosa in the distance.

Before this whirlpool, Morosa felt incredibly weak; it wasn’t able to resist it in the slightest. It was immediately swallowed by the endless darkness at the base of Star Tower.

Chapter 1448 - Suppression

“Luo Feng is here.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader is dealing with that Sector Beast.”

“Teacher is here.”

The true gods scattering around the Primal Universe knew that Luo Feng had arrived, so they all gathered toward where the Sector Beast was staying immediately. All the beings teleported and arrived there, arriving at the outer area where the space was condensed. After all, the fighting area was completely sealed, so they couldn’t teleport in there.

“Look!”

Primal Chaos City Leader and Darkness True God all looked in the same direction. The giant Star Tower gave out endless gleaming light. It was like a lighthouse in the dark. The power let out from its base covered an area of several square light years, forming an endless, dark whirlpool. The endless, dark whirlpool immediately shrank. As for Sector Beast Morosa, it was being swallowed by the whirlpool.

“Impossible.” Morosa struggled to get out.

The power of that black whirlpool was too strong. Even if Morosa gathered all its power, it wasn’t able to resist it, let alone separate its body.

“Break!”

It kept yelling. There was bloody light all over its body. Its power surged as it struggled to get out of the dark whirlpool. However, no matter how it performed its bloody light technique, it wasn’t able to get away.

“How…? Last time—last time, even the combination of Star Tower and space and time binding weren’t able to trap me.” Morosa found it hard to believe. “I am now weaker, but how can Star Tower alone be able to capture me?”

Morosa couldn’t believe what was happening, but it was of no use.

Sou!

The ferocious and ugly Sector Beast Morosa was sucked into the abyss at the base of Star Tower. Everything went back to peace, and the dark whirlpool also disappeared. Star Tower, which was emitting a gleaming light, also flew back to the palm of Luo Feng.

When they saw that scene from a distance, Primal Chaos City Leader, Darkness True God, Peng Gong True God, Fire Dome, and the others were all amazed. They knew exactly how difficult it was to deal with the Sector Beast, especially after the Sector Beast performed the blood light skill… Even Primal Chaos City Leader wasn’t able to trap it.

“Incredible.”

“He suppressed that Sector Beast so easily.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader is much more powerful than before. He’s definitely the most powerful true god Universe Ocean has ever seen.”

Thoughts flooded the true gods’ minds. Little did they know the powerful true gods in Universe Ocean, like Divine Eye True Master, were only able to create techniques at top-tier level nine. And with supreme true treasures, they were able to attain techniques at top-tier level ten. However, when Luo Feng was comprehending the evolution of chaos, he was able to create top-tier level ten techniques, and when he was patrolling against the Sector Beasts, he absorbed the comprehension he had during that time aside from exploiting the potential his body had, so his power had reached a new peak.

“Star Tower, given to me by Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest, is indeed incredible!” exclaimed Luo Feng as he took a look at Star Tower in his hand.

Star Tower might have been even more precious than Wu Qi God. He just hadn’t figured out how valuable it actually was.

“Luo Feng.”

“Milky Way.”

“Teacher.”

Everyone flew toward Luo Feng. They all looked relaxed.

Primal Chaos City Leader was smiling. “Haha! After becoming a true god, your power has been greatly improved. I’ve tried everything in my power against that Sector Beast, yet I still failed to capture and kill him. However, you captured it easily.”

“It’s more difficult to kill a Sector Beast than to defeat one,” said Luo Feng.

“It’s harder to capture one alive,” added Darkness True God.

All the true gods were talking calmly. Everyone was laughing. Apparently, Luo Feng capturing the Sector Beast alive had left everyone in a fantastic mood. They could also infer just how exceptional Luo Feng was now that he had become a true god. After all, Luo Feng had only displayed a fraction of his power in that battle.

“Let’s go back,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

“You guys can go first. I’ll trap this Sector Beast in Star Tower,” said Luo Feng. “I’m going to question it to get some information.”

“The issue about Sector Beasts is very important.” All the other true gods nodded.

The true gods from the human race left one by one while Luo Feng went back to his miniature universe in Star Tower. After all, he was able to utilize his maximum power with his origin inside his miniature universe.

Inside the tower, in one of the suppression spaces, the ferocious and ugly Sector Beast Morosa stood on the ground. There was an invisible yet powerful force suppressing it. It appeared to be at peace as it waited there in silence.

“Sector Beast,” a white-caped being said as it showed up. He was stepping on the space, and he landed on the ground afterward.

“Milky Way Horde Leader…” Morosa glared at Luo Feng. “Luo Feng!”

“Sector Beast, you—” said Luo Feng.

“Call me Morosa!” Morosa raised both its heads. “You’re qualified to call me by my name.”

Luo Feng smirked. “Okay, Morosa.”

Morosa nodded. “Out of all the great beings in Universe Ocean, you’re the only one I admire! You’re indeed powerful beyond imagination. Even if I were still at level three, I still would have been swallowed by this Star Tower of yours.”

Luo Feng raised his eyebrows. He knew about Star Tower?

Of course. Some true gods had turned to Morosa, so it shouldn’t have been a surprise that Morosa knew about Star Tower.

“Unfortunately, you’ve come back much too soon.” Morosa shook its head. “I assumed that you were still guarding one of the miniature universes of a true god from the first or second universe era, and that it would take you several days to come back. I tried to swallow the origin of the primal universe. Without a guard for the willpower of that Teacher Origin, I would have been able to swallow half of the origin in several days, even if all the human true gods had tried to stop me. And then this Teacher Origin of your human race would never have stood a chance to make a breakthrough. But I didn’t expect you to come back this soon.”

Luo Feng nodded. Morosa’s plan was sensible. By swallowing the primal universe several seconds at a time, it would be able to absorb over half of the origin of the primal universe! However, Morosa hadn’t expected Luo Feng to be able to teleport as far as a true god of void space, which was why he had arrived after only an hour. Morosa hadn’t even been able to swallow 10 percent of the origin of the primal universe!

“I’ll be thrilled if I can avenge myself, but I don’t care if I fail.” Morosa gazed at Luo Feng. “I’m only a Sector Beast at level two. A true catastrophe is coming for you, the human race, and all the others. Hahaha…”

With insane, ear-piercing laughter, Morosa suddenly attempted to self-destruct.

Weng! Weng! Weng!

All of a sudden, three levels of power arrived at Morosa. The first level of power was “single thought void space” from Shi Wu Wing. The second level of power was the suppression from the sealing space from Star Tower. And the third level came from the power of the origin of Luo Feng’s miniature universe.

All three levels of power were suppressing Morosa so that it wasn’t even able to self-destruct.

“What…?” Morosa stared at Luo Feng.

Luo Feng smirked. When an undying fighter met a universe knight, he wouldn’t be able to self-destruct! That was due to the absolute power gap. And now, Morosa, who was only at pinnacle level two, wasn’t able to self-destruct before Luo Feng, either.

“You’re indeed much more powerful than before if you can even stop me from self-destructing.” Morosa was enraged.

If Luo Feng had been using godly power, Morosa would have tried to neutralize it. However, of the powers that Luo Feng was using now —”single thought void space,” the sealing space of Star Tower, and the origin—none utilized godly power, so Morosa couldn’t even fight it.

“You’re not going to die now,” said Luo Feng.

Truthfully, it was difficult to suppress someone so that they couldn’t self-destruct. If Luo Feng had remained outside without the origin of the miniature universe and the sealing space of Star Tower, he wouldn’t have been able to do that.

Star Tower was a mysterious valuable. Aside from the attack techniques, its major function was suppression! If someone was trapped in Star Tower, it would be difficult for them to die! This made Luo Feng doubt where Star Tower was actually from. He no longer believed that Sitting Mountain Guest had created Star Tower himself and that a trace of golden light had flown into the valuable and changed it qualitatively.

There was no way it was a coincidence. There was no way that a trace of golden light flying in could have sculpted such advanced techniques on it. Even Luo Feng wasn’t able to figure out some of the engravings on Star Tower. And based on the connection between Sitting Mountain Guest and the World of Jin, Luo Feng believed that Star Tower might have belonged to a supreme being from Jin Country—a valuable perhaps left by His Majesty the Godly King of Jin or one of his supreme beings.

“It’s no use. I can’t blow myself up.” Morosa smirked. “Do you really think that trapping me means the ultimate king of Sector Beasts won’t be born?”

Luo Feng smiled. “That’s exactly what I mean to accomplish.”

According to the original mind, the Sector Beasts would try to kill and swallow each other until only one was left. The final one would be the king of Sector Beasts. If Luo Feng suppressed and trapped a Sector Beast so that the others weren’t able to kill it—even if all the other Sector Beasts swallowed each other and a final one survived that was so powerful even Luo Feng couldn’t rival it—no Sector Beast wouldn’t be able to kill Morosa. Then there wouldn’t be any king of the Sector Beasts.

And if there wasn’t a king of the Sector Beasts, there would be a chance to turn things around.

“You’re wrong,” said Morosa. “Even if I can’t self-destruct, I’ll have to fight the final Sector Beast. Otherwise, I’ll die. This is our fate, and you won’t be able to do anything about it.”

Morosa had to do battle? It seemed that it wasn’t a coincidence that the ultimate king was always born.

“You look so confident,” said Luo Feng. “Are you really that powerful?”

“Of course,” said Morosa. “It’s so easy for us to annihilate all the races in Universe Ocean. Even the original universe will have to destroy itself.”

“But I can tell from you that Sector Beasts are very weak,” said Luo Feng.

Morosa glanced at Luo Feng. “If you want to tempt me to tell you about Sector Beasts, don’t try to disguise it. Just ask me.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded. “Tell me, how many Sector Beasts are there in the Sector Beast hive, and how powerful are they?”

“Do you really think I’ll tell you?” Morosa’s eyes were glaring at Luo Feng. “I can’t believe you’re this stupid.”

Luo Feng frowned.

“You’re such a moron.” Morosa raised his head and guffawed. “You want to kill me? Are you angry? Want to kill me? Come at me!”

“Not cooperating?” Luo Feng shook his head. “If I can make you my slave, you’ll have to follow me.”

Luo Feng pointed, and a beam of triangular light flew out of his finger, flying toward Morosa. Morosa wanted to dodge it, but he wasn’t able to. The triangular light sank into his chest.

Chapter 1449 - Enslave

Luo Feng had captured Morosa alive this time so that other Sector Beasts wouldn’t be able to kill him. By doing so, he hoped that the ultimate king of Sector Beasts would never be born. Then they would stand a chance of surviving the catastrophe of Sector Beasts this time. However, according to Morosa, it was not going to work, so Luo Feng thought of a different way. He had decided to enslave Morosa.

As long as Morosa became his soul slave, Morosa would trust Luo Feng completely from the bottom of its soul. It would even be willing to die for Luo Feng, and it would tell Luo Feng everything it knew.

Once I enslave it, I might be able to cultivate Morosa into the ultimate king, Luo Feng thought. Perhaps it’s almost impossible to do it, but if it becomes my slave, it’ll devote its entire heart to me. It will tell me everything about the hive of the Sector Beasts. It’ll also tell me the strengths and weaknesses of Sector Beasts. I can only defeat the Sector Beasts after I know all about them.

No matter what, enslaving a Sector Beast would give Luo Feng a much better chance of winning.

Chi!

After the trace of triangular light was absorbed by the body of Morosa, it said something in a mild voice, and then Luo Feng wasn’t able to sense it anymore.

“I failed?” Luo Feng frowned.

“Hahaha…” Both of the two heads of Morosa were guffawing, and it looked scornful. “Milky Way Horde Leader, you’re too arrogant. Do you really think you can enslave me? I am a majestic creature birthed by Universe Ocean, and I am a destructive being—the opposite to the original universe. Do you really think you can enslave me?”

Luo Feng said coldly, “To be accurate, the ultimate king out of the one billion Sector Beasts represents destruction and stands against the original universe. As for you? You’re not qualified to do so.”

Morosa stared at Luo Feng with his two singular eyes and smiled wickedly. “That’s right. I’m not there yet. However, you’re only a creature born in the original universe. Do you really think you can enslave me?”

“Just sit and watch,” said Luo Feng indifferently.

Luo Feng flicked his fingers, and suddenly, traces of invisible threads gathered in front of him. The threads suddenly formed a strange picture. There was an ancient word made up of engravings on the picture.

“Enslave!”

The transparent picture broke the surrounding space and flew toward Morosa, penetrating its body.

Chi!

Morosa said something in a mild voice again, while Luo Feng lost his sense of the picture.

“Huh?” Luo Feng frowned.

“What now?” Morosa was exhilarated. “Show me everything you’ve got! Show me now! I’m a Sector Beast at the same level as you true gods. You’re only a true god yourself… Do you really think you can enslave me? Quick! Show me!”

Morosa was being suppressed by Luo Feng at the moment, so it reveled in upsetting Luo Feng.

“Humph!”

Hua!

Two traces of blurry, golden light shot out of Luo Feng’s eyes, and the two light pillars intertwined. All of a sudden, countless traces of golden light wound around each other, forming a gigantic network of golden threads. It covered Morosa and penetrated its body, but then, it vanished.

“How?” Luo Feng said. He heard Morosa’s jeering, but he didn’t care, as Morosa was only a suppressed Sector Beast. “The skills I performed are all the top-tier enslaving skills from Duan Dong River and the World of Jin.” Luo Feng couldn’t believe it. “I didn’t even feel its resistance before the skills I performed dissipated.”

Normally, those facing enslavement would fight against it. One party was trying to enslave the other, while the other party attempted to resist it. If one was too weak to resist, it would be enslaved.

However, Luo Feng didn’t even sense resistance when performing his top-tier enslaving skills. They all vanished once they entered the body of Morosa.

“And I didn’t feel any power consumption.” Luo Feng was confused.

Godly power and the power of the Sector Beasts would consume each other. However, that wasn’t the case for blurry godly power. Many true gods were able to perform soul attacks, and those attacks could penetrate the bodies of Sector Beasts and damage their souls. However, the blurry godly power he used vanished without even being resisted by the Sector Beast.

Does that mean that since it represents destruction, I’m not qualified to enslave it? Luo Feng shook his head. He wasn’t willing to give up like this. I might need to use the power of Sector Beasts.

Luo Feng pondered the issue.

Morosa was exhilarated. It was sneering and ridiculing Luo Feng. “Do you really think you can enslave me? Hahaha…! Come! Let’s see what you can do…” But then Morosa’s demeanor changed. “How?”

Morosa stared at the white-caped man in front of him, dazed. Luo Feng’s forces and power were quickly changing. Soon, Luo Feng became dark, emitting wicked forces—as if he were a Sector Beast. The only difference was that Sector Beasts had two heads while Luo Feng only had one. He didn’t want to change his shape as well.

“How can you become…?” Morosa shook his head. “It must be fake. You’re only simulating my look. The power you use isn’t the power of Sector Beasts. I can say that for sure.”

Ordinary Sector Beasts were also able to turn into true gods and produce godly power forces. However, those were all fake, as they weren’t actual godly power.

“Oh?”

Luo Feng pointed, and the threads immediately gathered in the sky, soon forming a new picture. There was an ancient word, “Enslave,” on the picture; the difference was in the power that constituted the picture. The power used this time was the peak of the power of a Sector Beast.

The picture flew toward Morosa, who grew anxious for the first time. The picture penetrated its chest.

Chi!

The image immediately went into its chest.

“Sector?”

Luo Feng raised his eyebrows. He was able to sense the sector inside Morosa’s body through the picture. He had performed all sorts of skills, but they had all vanished each time they touched the sector. He hadn’t even been able to sense it. But this time, it penetrated the body, even after touching the sector.

“No wonder nothing worked before,” whispered Luo Feng. “There’s a sector inside the Sector Beast body that resists all other forms of power.”

The soul of Morosa was hidden in its sector, the most important part of its body.

Hou!

Its soul was roaring as it tried to resist it. The picture emitted endless traces of light and tried to suppress it. It tried to attach itself to the soul, attempting to merge with the soul.

Hou!

Its soul was trying everything, and the sector was empowering the soul. For a long time, it was a stalemate.

Peng!

The picture disappeared. Luo Feng had failed again.

Morosa looked at Luo Feng. It couldn’t believe what had just happened. It hadn’t expected a great being born in Universe Ocean —whom it viewed only as food—would be able to use the power of Sector Beasts! Even though Luo Feng was powerful, Morosa only viewed him as a more powerful meal. However, it doubted itself now. This weak meal was able to use the power of Sector Beasts, yet he hadn’t turned into a Sector Beast! If he had, Morosa wouldn’t have been able to resist it.

Without turning into a Sector Beast and without being bestowed with their power, Luo Feng had still been able to perform the power of Sector Beasts on his own.

“Impressive,” said Morosa. “You’re more powerful than I thought, but so what? Ever since Sector Beasts were born, we have had magnificent willpower.” Morosa stared at Luo Feng. “Our souls are almost perfect. Do you really think you can enslave me? Impossible! Even if you have the power of a Sector Beast, you wouldn’t be able to enslave me.”

Luo Feng smiled. He didn’t care about how Morosa reacted. Although he had failed again, he understood that there was a chance that he could succeed in enslaving a Sector Beast by using the power of a Sector Beast.

That only means my soul enslaving skills aren’t good enough yet, Luo Feng thought. I need to learn better enslaving skills.

And then, Luo Feng sat down with his legs crossed. He sat on the ground, facing Sector Beast Morosa in the distance.

“Single thought void space,” suppression from the sealing space, and the origin of the small universe—all three combined were repressing every inch of the power inside Morosa so that it wasn’t able to self-destruct at all.

“Come, come you…” Morosa was swearing and taunting.

However, Luo Feng pretended that nothing was happening. He didn’t care about it. Instead, most of his mind was on the godly power avatar under the black-striped stone pillar. The godly power avatar was studying the soul enslaving technique in a place where time traveled ten million times faster. He started to learn something more complicated.

He had improved a lot after comprehending the evolution of chaos when his miniature universe was born. However, after a year as a true god, Luo Feng had exploited the potential of his body and understood the “Invisible and Formless” ability. He tried to integrate his comprehension after his power peaked. Also, he had focused his energy on some fighting techniques of Star Tower and Wu Qi God. Meanwhile, he had never studied the technique to enslave souls, and prior to this war, Luo Feng had never even thought of enslaving Sector Beasts.

The more solid his foundation was, the more advanced enslaving techniques he could learn.

This time, Luo Feng was studying an enslaving technique he had obtained from the World of Jin. This enslaving technique had been created by a holy being under His Majesty the Godly King from Jin Country when it still existed. Its name was “Three Stars Sector.” It was arguably the best soul enslaving technique in the World of Jin. Even the enslaving techniques created by the Godly King of Jin couldn’t compare to that technique.

Everyone had their own strengths. When it came to enslaving, that supreme being from Jin Country was the most powerful. Three Stars Sector was an enslaving technique utilized through illusion. There were different enslaving techniques, including enslaving by strength and enslaving by illusions. As for enslaving by illusion, this was done by trapping enemies in illusions without letting them realize it, and then the enemies would become slaves.

Time passed. The technique was intricate, and soon, more than one year had passed.

“Luo Feng? Where is he?” Primal Chaos City Leader asked. He couldn’t wait any longer.

Luo Feng had captured the Sector Beast alive because he’d wanted to question it. He had asked Primal Chaos City Leader and the others to leave first, saying he would come back soon. But now, one year passed, yet Luo Feng still wasn’t back.

Inside the miniature universe, Star Tower was floating.

Inside a suppression area in Star Tower, the Sector Beast faced Luo Feng. It kept taunting, laughing, swearing, and provoking, but Luo Feng simply pretended it didn’t exist.

“I’ll be back soon, teacher.” Luo Feng said via message. He had finally learned the first volume of “Three Stars Sector.”

“You…” Morosa was shocked, as Luo Feng, who had been sitting for more than a year, suddenly stood up.

Luo Feng stared at Morosa. “Let’s see whether or not you can still resist it.”

Chapter 1450 - Common

Enemy

“Just come at me!” Morosa looked fierce, but it was actually afraid. However, it couldn’t even dodge while beneath the three levels of suppression.

Luo Feng pointed, and a crystal in the shape of a drop of water flew out of his fingers. There were engravings on the drop of water.

Sou!

The drop of water went into one of the bloody eyes of Morosa. Morosa blinked both of his eyes, and then it stood there still. It wasn’t moving at all…

“I’m the ultimate king, Beddy! I am the ultimate one! Hahaha!” Morosa stood beside a broken body. It raised its head and guffawed. It bowed its head and devoured again, “I’ll eat you after all. If I can eat you, I’ll be the ultimate king, and then I’ll go kill the human, Milky Way Horde Leader. I’ll be truly invincible. That pathetic Milky Way Horde Leader… He really looks down on me. I’ll make him regret it.”

Morosa was insolent.

Luo Feng stared at Morosa, who was still standing there without moving. Suddenly, a strange imprint of three drops showed up on its chest. Then the imprint disappeared.

“It’s done.” Luo Feng saw the waterdrop imprint show up on the chest of the Sector Beast. He could sense the soul of Morosa very soon, and he was overjoyed.

Morosa blinked its eyes, dazed. It whispered, “I—I am the ultimate king…”

“It’s time to wake up!” said Luo Feng.

“I should—I should get away from you,” said Morosa. “You fought so many Sector Beasts and left the hive in chaos. I’ve been struggling to climb up from rock bottom, getting stronger. I even ate Beddy. I’ll be the ultimate king. How…?”

Luo Feng yelled, “Morosa!”

Morosa was dazed, and the absolute veneration from the bottom of its soul made it bow. “Master,” it said.

Luo Feng smiled.

“Master, what kind of enslaving technique is that?” asked Morosa. “I didn’t even realize what was happening, but I was just enslaved like that.” Even though it was enslaved, it still had perfect memories of before, so it still remembered everything that had happened. However, from this moment on, Luo Feng would be the one it completely obeyed and admired.

“It’s called ‘Three Stars Sector,’ created by a supreme being called ‘Gold,’” said Luo Feng.

“Gold?” Morosa whispered.

“Yes, Gold.” Luo Feng nodded.

Gold was the holy one who had been the best at enslavement under Godly King of Jin Country. Before Jin Country was destroyed, he had been the right-hand man of the Godly King of Jin! His enslaved army was a mysterious but powerful force in Jin Country. Unfortunately, it had died just like Jin Country.

Hong!

Luo Feng’s miniature universe suddenly trembled, and a powerful force swept across it, as well as Luo Feng’s Star Tower.

“Huh?” Luo Feng raised his head, and so did Morosa, who was shocked.

“It’s the rules,” said Morosa.

Luo Feng nodded. A supreme force had just swept across the miniature universe, and it seemed to be an alarm—a warning of life and death.

“It’s not that easy to enslave Sector Beasts.”

Luo Feng took a look at the Sector Beast beside him and felt heavy-hearted. He understood that Sector Beasts represented destruction. He had enslaved a Sector Beast just now, which meant he might enslave the king of the Sector Beasts, who stood against the original universe and who represented the destruction of the origin! There had to be repercussions for enslaving a Sector Beast; the law wouldn’t simply let him succeed like that.

Sitting Mountain Guest sat on a fragment of a cabin that was flying outside Universe Boat. He suddenly opened his eyes, as he could feel the blurry ripple.

“Rules?” he said. “Last time, when my disciple made a breakthrough, the supreme law was triggered. Is that what just happened again?” Sitting Mountain Guest was a bit worried. “Has the king of Sector Beasts been born? Or has something else that affects the entire Universe Ocean happened again?”

Only something major could trigger the supreme laws.

Far in the distant Tilted Peak Sector, in the Land of Darkness, inside the core, within the endless darkness were many Sector Beasts. Some were fighting and eating. Some hid and tried to swallow power to improve themselves. Some were stalking their prey.

All the Sector Beasts were fighting to become the ultimate king. Even the weaker Sector Beasts were trying to survive, causing other Sector Beasts to die.

All of a sudden…

Hua!

Beddy, who was chasing a feeling Sector Beast, stopped. There was blood on the edge of its mouth. Both of its heads were looking in the same direction, and it whispered, “Morosa…”

“Morosa!” whispered a hideous Sector Beast clutching an axe, looking in the same direction.

Two Sector Beasts who were fighting also stopped. The ones hiding and recovering their power opened their eyes. The weak Sector Beasts that were just trying to survive also looked in the same direction.

“Morosa…”

“Morosa…”

All the Sector Beasts were dazed. They all stopped no matter what they were doing. All of them only had one thought in their minds: Morosa!

When the one billion Sector Beasts were born, they had been destined to fight and kill each other so that only one could live, which was why they could sense each other, and no matter how far they were from each other, they were able to send messages.

When Morosa was enslaved by Luo Feng, all the Sector Beasts sensed it at the same time. The life ripples of their comrade, “Morosa,” sharply changed. All the Sector Beasts immediately understood that Morosa had been enslaved!

No need for language! No need for messages! At this moment, all the living Sector Beasts sensed each other, and they could all confirm that Morosa, in the distance, had been enslaved. Morosa was no longer their comrade; instead, Morosa would be their true enemy.

Hou!

Beddy raised its head and yelled in a shrill voice.

Hou!

The Sector Beast carrying an axe did the same thing, and the voice was full of anger, hostility, and insanity.

Hou! Hou! Hou! Hou! Hou! Hou!

At that moment, all the Sector Beasts in the hive roared at once. They were furious. They were noble creatures, yet one of their brethren had been enslaved! It was a provocation to them that could not be tolerated. It was a disgrace! A disgrace to all the Sector Beasts! One that had to be washed away by death!

Not long ago, Morosa had sent a message to all the Sector Beasts—a message about Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng. Morosa had said that it was being suppressed by Milky Way Horde Leader and had warned them to beware of the Star Tower of Milky Way Horde Leader. In Universe Ocean, it was difficult for other true gods to kill Morosa, but it wasn’t impossible. However, when it came to enslaving, only Milky Way Horde Leader was able to do so. And besides, Morosa had been suppressed by Milky Way Horde Leader, which meant it must have been Milky Way Horde Leader who enslaved Morosa!

“Milky Way Horde Leader!”

“Milky Way Horde Leader!”

“Milky Way Horde Leader!”

At that moment, all the Sector Beasts were exasperated. They were all hostile toward that reckless Milky Way Horde Leader. At that moment, they had a common enemy!

It was rare for Sector Beasts to cooperate. They didn’t want to cooperate; they were born to fight and kill each other. However, when they were threatened or angered, they would collaborate. Apparently, Milky Way Horde Leader had enslaved Morosa. This incensed all the Sector Beasts in the hive.

Hou!

The shrill and insane yelling echoed through every inch of the hive of Sector Beasts.

Inside the suppression space of Star Tower, Luo Feng had already taken away the three levels of power used to suppress Morosa. Since it was enslaved, so it would completely obey Luo Feng.

“Master,” said Morosa with veneration.

“Tell me about the hive of Sector Beasts.” Luo Feng looked solemn. From the force of supreme laws, Luo Feng could tell that there would be dangers coming.

Morosa answered, “I need to tell you something, Master. I told every Sector Beast in the hive about you. I shared your information.”

“What information?” Luo Feng frowned.

Morosa immediately told Luo Feng what it had revealed to the Sector Beasts. Luo Feng was stunned.

“Please forgive me, Master,” said Morosa. “I was filled with hate for you, and I was sure that I was going to die, so I wanted you dead, too… I tried to reveal how powerful and terrific you are, to motivate all the Sector Beasts to fight each other harder. They might cooperate under a threat.”

Luo Feng said, “Keep talking.”

“Also, when I was suppressed in Star Tower, I sent a message to them. I told them I couldn’t fight back at all. I told them that I had been swallowed by Star Tower and was suppressed, and I couldn’t even self-destruct.”

“What?” Luo Feng clenched his fist. He was in trouble now.

He had told the others that he couldn’t self-destruct? Apparently, Morosa had been trying to warn the Sector Beasts in the hive of how terrific Luo Feng was, so that they would be well-prepared for a threat like him.

“Master,” said Morosa anxiously, “I just wanted to take revenge against you, which is why—”

“I know, and I don’t blame you.” Luo Feng shook his head. “Let me ask you, how many Sector Beasts are there in the hive of Sector Beasts? And how powerful are they now?”

This was the problem Luo Feng was most concerned about. He needed to know thoroughly about the Sector Beasts so that he could be better prepared.

Morosa started to tell him everything it knew. “At the start, one billion Sector Beasts were born in the hive, and all the Sector Beasts were at primal status, level one.”

Luo Feng listened carefully.

“Normally, for every 33 Sector Beasts born at level one, one Sector Beast is born at level two. And out of 33 level-two Sector Beasts, one level-three Sector Beast is born, so on and so forth,” said Morosa. “If there are more than 30 level-six Sector Beasts born, they’ll keep eating each other, and the one who survives in the end will be the ultimate king—the one with the power to destroy the origin. Once a king is born, Master, you won’t be able to stop it no matter how powerful you are. As for now, the most powerful Sector Beasts in the hive should be at level four. Of course, the number of Sector Beasts at level two is the greatest. There are almost ten million Sector Beasts in the hive now.”

Ten million?

Luo Feng had already determined the number before, but he was still scared by what Morosa had just said. There were around ten million Sector Beasts in the hive that were at least as powerful as this Sector Beast? No wonder the original mind was trying everything it could to stay alive.

Chapter 1451 - The Five

Techniques of Sector Beasts

Struck by a thought, Luo Feng speedily deduced and came to an understanding.

Out of 33 Sector Beasts, one higher-stage Sector Beast could be born.

Based on this ratio, out of one billion first-stage Sector Beasts, slightly more than 30 million second-stage Sector Beasts could be born, one million third-stage Sector Beasts could be born, more than 30,000 fourth-stage Sector Beasts could be born, 1,000 fifth-stage Sector Beasts could be born, and slightly more than 30 sixth-stage Sector Beasts could be born.

“For now, the strongest ones within the Sector Beasts’ nest are fourth-stage Sector Beasts, and the majority of them are second-stage.” Luo Feng made a mental calculation. “Indeed, it is still the early stage of the evolution of the Sector Beasts.”

In normal evolution, it was necessary to wait until this reincarnation era was about to come to an end before the last king could be born. Yet the threat posed by Luo Feng accelerated this evolution.

“Morosa.” Luo Feng looked at the Sector Beast before him. “What are the powers of Sector Beasts like? Between the first stage and the sixth stage, what are the differences?”

Morosa replied deferentially, “For every breakthrough to the next stage achieved during evolution, a Sector Beast will get stronger than it was at the preceding stage. When it was just born, that is, at the initial stage after birth, it will only possess some basic means like splitting bodies to escape, or swallowing origins of miniature universes… These are the most basic means that all Sector Beasts are capable of.”

Luo Feng felt a sudden burst of pressure.

“The moment a Sector Beast crossed over to second-stage, its power naturally becomes stronger, and it will gain an additional supernatural prowess,” Morosa explained. “That is the ability to use the blood burning technique.”

“Blood burning technique?” Luo Feng responded. “That was the technique that you used previously, the move of shooting blood light with your eyes.”

He could still remember the first time he’d had to fight Morosa. He had used the Universe Chain to bind him. Yet, with both eyes shooting those bloody lights, Morosa had managed to break through the chains and had escaped. At that time, its power had been different by two levels.

Morosa replied deferentially, “That’s right, my Master. By burning up the blood within the body and transforming it to bloody light, my power will skyrocket! This is a commonly used combat method. Previously, when I crossed paths with Master’s Teacher, Primal Chaos City Leader, and his company, I was merely a Sector Beast at the level of second-stage pinnacle. Therefore, confronting them was extremely toilsome for me, and I had to execute the blood burning technique several times.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“The blood burning technique merely consumes the blood. It is not harmful to its origin,” Morosa said. “If a Sector Beast moves up to the third stage, it will acquire a method that was truly meant for escaping: Sector Light Passageway. This method seems harmless when not executed, yet the moment it is executed, the Sector Beast will be able to escape for sure almost all the time. But this method is, on the contrary, harmful to its origin.”

“This was the passageway that was filled with colored lights,” recalled Luo Feng. “The one that previously allowed you to escape via the method of instant transportation.”

Morosa nodded. “Yes, those colored lights are actually sector lights. The energy released when I blazed the ‘sector’ within my body. This is an energy of time and space, and it could instantly construct a passageway of time and space where I can transport myself away. However, burning up the sector… the sector is the origin of every Sector Beast. That previous time, I had initially thought that declassing myself from a third-stage to second-stage Sector Beast would suffice for me to escape; it had never crossed my mind that Master also has a method that allows you to exert your influence within time and space. Therefore, I was forced all the way back to be a first-stage Sector Beast just so I could escape.”

Luo Feng fell deep into thought. He had relied on “single-thought void space” to keep this Sector Beast suppressed. A single-thought void space had absolute control over that space. Therefore, it was naturally able to exert an influence over the Sector Light Passageway.

“What about stepping up to the fourth stage?” Luo Feng continued to ask.

Enslaving a Sector Beast was advantageous to him, as he could learn every single detail about the Sector Beasts and also understand all the methods they would deploy. Then, as much as he pleased, he could redeem any treasures from the World of Jin that would be useful in subduing the Sector Beasts.

“The moment a Sector Beast progresses to the fourth stage, the sector inside its body gets even more powerful.” Morosa sighed. “Without burning up, the sector light within its body can be dispersed to the outside world, thus affecting the outside world. The region that the sector light is scattered all over is known as Sector Light Domain! Within Sector Light Domain, the Sector Beasts’ control over the area is greatly increased, and their power will be exalted. Thus, humans like Master—yourself—would be bound to feel their influence.”

Sector Light Domain? Luo Feng started to worry. This seemed to be a little like a single-thought void space.

“If a Sector Beast progresses into the fifth stage, it will acquire a killer move with an implicit intention of destroying the origin,” Morosa lamented. “From birth, a Sector Beast never really possesses the true prowess to kill. The methods it knows only involve the consumption of energy, the burning of blood, and escape techniques —until, at this stage, it finally possesses a killer move. It is a technique named Destruction. This is why, advancing from a fourth-stage Sector Beast to a fifth-stage Sector Beast, there is a great leap in power.”

Luo Feng’s expression became solemn.

“How powerful?” Luo Feng asked.

“Once ‘Destruction’ is executed, destroying a miniature universe should be a piece of cake,” Morosa said.

Luo Feng muttered to himself. To destroy the miniature universe of a true god, an outburst of pinnacle combat power of a true god of void space was required. If he had relied on any secret technique on blazing godly power—or relied on Wu Qi God, Blood Ghost Blade, or Shi Wu Wings—he could still attain this level.

“How terrifying.” Luo Feng shuddered at the thought of this.

“This killer move only contained the partial prowess of destroying the origin,” Morosa said. “Only the true and last king of all Sector Beasts wields the complete prowess of destroying the origin. A fifth-stage Sector Beast… when it executes this killer move, it also has to pay quite a heavy price, as this is extremely energy-consuming. It might not be willing to execute it so easily.”

“What about the sixth stage?” Luo Feng persisted in asking about every single detail.

“The sixth stage…” Morosa said, momentarily startled. Then slowly, he said, “The moment a Sector Beast enters the sixth stage, it will almost be as good as telling the other Sector Beasts that all hope is gone. This sixth-stage Sector Beast will eliminate everything that poses a threat to it. Right away, it will kill all other fifth-stage Sector Beasts that might be a threat to it, and it will do so as early as it can. So long as it is not a foolish Sector Beast, the first to enter the sixth stage will almost certainly become the king.”

Even though it had been enslaved, Morosa was still quite obsessed with the title of king of the Sector Beasts. After all, since birth, it had been fated to live with the purpose of becoming king.

Luo Feng was quick to return with another question. “What is special about this sixth-stage Sector Beast?”

“In terms of ability, it would be slightly stronger than the fifth-stage Sector Beasts,” Morosa said. “Because it possesses a much greater amount of power, the technique Destruction can be executed a great number of times.”

“What is special about it?” Luo Feng asked without a pause.

There was something special about these Sector Beasts at each stage; it was no different for the sixth stage Sector Beasts.

“Ten million other bodies,” Morosa responded slowly.

“What?” Luo Feng’s mind blanked out for the moment.

“This is also why the first Sector Beast who becomes a sixth-stage Sector Beast is most certainly going to become the king,” Morosa said. “Crossing over to the sixth stage, the increase in combat power is not considered tremendous, but when equipped with the ability to execute technique of ten million bodies, the Sector Beast will be able to divide its body into ten million other bodies and scatter them all over Universe Ocean in its attempt to hide from enemies. Even if you meet one of the ten million bodies, fighting with it and killing it would only mean that you have gotten rid of one of its other bodies. It would not have much of an effect on it. But, of course, out of the ten million other bodies, there will still be the original body.”

Morosa continued, “That original body will be the one with the strongest combat power. The other bodies are generally very weak… Those other bodies are not used for the purpose of battle, but rather, more for increasing the chance of survival. So long as there is one other body that remains alive, it will be able to rapidly absorb energy to restore power. Then, once again, it can recover back to the sixth-stage pinnacle. So even if the 100-plus fifth-stage Sector Beasts were to combine forces and kill the original body of a sixth-stage Sector Beast, after a period of time, another body of the sixth-stage Sector Beast, which has been absorbing energy, would once again appear…”

Luo Feng found it all so crazy. A Sector Beast gained a new ability each time it went up one stage. By the time it reached the sixth stage, it would gain the ability to execute “ten million bodies.”

“How do I kill it?” Luo Feng asked.

“First,” Morosa began, “by killing the soul! So long as you manage to attack and kill the soul of any of its bodies, all the other bodies will be annihilated once and for all. And, of course, for the sixth-stage Sector Beast, its soul will be incomparably powerful… Even for you, my Master, it is impossible for you to kill its soul. At least for now.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Second,” Morosa continued, “kill all the fifth-stage Sector Beasts that pose any threat to you. Killing all the leaders within the pack will ensure that no sixth-stage Sector Beast can be born.”

Luo Feng understood. It was a precautionary measure.

“Third,” Morosa went on, “is through the influence of fate.”

“Fate?” Luo Feng was befuddled.

“Mmm.” Morosa nodded. “The fate for all one billion Sector Beasts is ultimately to give birth to a king, so there are a few ironclad rules that must be adhered to. For instance, after a sixth-stage Sector Beast is born, if another sixth-stage Sector Beast emerges, the two must fight one another to the death. Even all their other bodies must be involved. The victor lives on while the defeated one shall be annihilated. This is why, for sixth-stage Sector Beasts, no matter what, there will only be one who truly lives at any point in time. Two sixth-stage Sector Beasts fighting one another to the death—this is an ironclad rule.

“There is also a specific time limit in which all the living Sector Beasts must fight one another in life-and-death battle. This is the final time limit. Or, for instance, if there are only two Sector Beasts remaining, where one is at the fifth stage and one is at the fourth stage, then they must fight one another… The surviving one becomes king.”

Luo Feng was shocked to learn this. “You are saying that a fifth-stage Sector Beast can also become king?”

“Yes.” Morosa nodded. “Our fate dictates that out of one billion Sector Beasts, the final one standing will be king, regardless of whether it is at the first stage or the sixth stage. In the end, there is one survivor! So long as the others are dead, only one needs to survive. It will be speedily exalted to the position of king. Of course, under normal circumstances, the final one standing will be a sixth-stage Sector Beast. ”

What Morosa said weighed heavily on Luo Feng’s mind. These creatures were truly worthy of representing destruction. Even without a king, they were already so terrifying.

Crossing over to the second stage, there was the blood burning technique. Crossing over to the third stage, there was the Sector Light Passageway technique. Crossing over to the fourth stage, there was the Sector Light Domain technique. Crossing over to the fifth stage, there was the Destruction technique. Crossing over to the sixth stage, there was even the ten million bodies technique.

What would it be like if one of these Sector Beasts actually became king?

“The moment a king is born,” Morosa said with a heavy heart, “no one shall be able to stop it! Master, even if you are ten or 100 times stronger, you will still be unable to stop the final king. This is because the king of Sector Beasts does not actually need to be present to make a move. It is able to breed many powerful warriors, and any single one of these warriors is already more terrifying than a sixth-stage Sector Beast. Even if you managed to defeat one, it would breed another warrior that will be stronger than it was. In the end, you will be the one being annihilated.”

Luo Feng finally understood that the willpower of the origin held him in high regards. Given the potential and power of the Sector Beasts, even without evolution, ten million of them would be able to subject the various races of Universe Ocean to tens or even hundreds of rounds of extermination.

Relying on the other great beings of Universe Ocean, there really was not a trace of hope. Even for him, there was only a single trace of hope! But the greater possibility was extermination.

“Master,” Morosa said solemnly. “I have one more matter I need to inform you about. This matter is of the utmost importance.”

“Hmm?” Luo Feng was taken aback.

Morosa continued gravely. “From the moment I came under your command, millions of Sector Beasts from our Sector Beast nests caught wind of the news. This is because all of us Sector Beasts are able to detect one another, so they are all able to detect current goings-on. From that moment, all the Sector Beasts became extremely angry. They see Master as their greatest enemy! At the same time, I also became their greatest enemy, and everyone will want to kill me and you, my Master. Also, their evolution will certainly be greatly enhanced… Master, you must deal with those Sector Beasts as soon as possible. If we delay for too long, I’m afraid we might allow the births of too many fifth-stage Sector Beasts.”

Chapter 1452 - Final

Preparation

“The biggest enemy?” Luo Feng was terrified.

“Yes!” said Morosa. “Master, you should know that every Sector Beast is very proud of themselves, as all of them think Sector Beasts are the noblest creatures in Universe Ocean. However, I am working for you now. Being furious or intimidated by your power, they will treat you as their ultimate enemy, and they might even join forces to fight you. They’re already evolving at peak speed now. Master, you can’t waste any time.”

“How much time do we I have?” Luo Feng asked, frowning.

“Originally, it will take at least several trillion eras for the ultimate king to be born,” said Morosa. “As for now, it might only take around several hundred thousand eras. Besides… Master, you should act as soon as possible because the Sector Beast standing at the peak grows the fastest. Beddy is now at level four, and if it keeps swallowing, it can totally reach level five in ten eras. And in the next hundred eras, it is likely to reach level six! And when it reaches level six, it’ll kill all the other Sector Beasts as soon as possible. Which is why, master, you’d better act soon. Ideally, in the next era. The sooner, the better.”

Luo Feng was pondering what Morosa had just said.

“Okay.”

In World of Jin, far away the godly powered avatar of Luo Feng was still in the military camp of the East Army.

“Has it begun?” whispered the godly powered avatar. “The five laws of Sector Beasts. It’s indeed a catastrophe.”

He then triggered the ring of military points on his wrist.

Weng!

The space around him changed, and it became a vast world of military arms. A golden being arrived and said respectfully, “Mister Milky Way.”

The godly powered avatar nodded. “Give me a list of all the true god level valuables.”

Although there had been more than one trillion eras, Luo Feng hadn’t made a large amount of exchanges yet. There were many different valuables within the human race, but those only cost Luo Feng a small part of his military credits. He had obtained a large number of military points from Swan Queen and Fire-Polishing Wu. However, he hadn’t exchanged them for valuables yet, as he wanted to prepare for the Sector Beast crisis and obtain valuables that were actually helpful for the situation.

Now, he had obtained lots of information from Morosa, so he could convert the military credits into valuables useful for dealing with Sector Beasts. Besides, he could always resort to the Godly King of Jin in Wu Qi Tower, and it wouldn’t be difficult for him to get a valuable.

In Milky Way Holy Land in the original universe.

Hong! Long! Long!

The space cracked as if the apocalypse was coming. A space-and-time portal was formed. Luo Feng, dressed in a white cape, stood there, manipulating everything.

“Freeze.”

A giant but dark door was floating there. It was the entrance of the universe portal, which led to the miniature universe of Luo Feng.

Luo Feng gave an order. “Guard the portals. Don’t let anyone damage it.”

“Yes,” answered the three true gods and over 100 universe masters.

Luo Feng nodded, feeling relieved. In the time since he had enslaved Morosa, he had built three universe portals after returning to the original universe, and they were all portals leading to his miniature universe. To the great beings from the human race, they all thought that Luo Feng had the biggest chance of transcending incarnations!

Luo Feng’s miniature universe was indeed enormous—1,000 times larger than those of great beings at the same level! Which meant it was able to accommodate far more great beings. When this universe era was over, many humans would move to the miniature universe of Luo Feng, so three portals were far from enough.

“You guys are responsible for everything in Milky Way Holy Land now,” said Luo Feng. “You can decide on the common issues, and if something important comes up, report it to Primal Chaos City Leader. From now on, I won’t see anyone until I come out.”

“Yes,” the great beings answered.

Luo Feng turned around, took a step, and disappeared from the space. He had already entered Star Tower, where he began the most crucial training.

Inside Star Tower, Luo Feng sat with his legs crossed, contemplating.

I need to get to the hive of the Sector Beasts as soon as possible, he thought. I’d better leave in one era, and in this era, I must finish “Undying River!”

This crisis concerned billions of races in Universe Ocean. Luo Feng didn’t care about the other races, but he held the human race and the earthlings dear. To protect his teachers and family, Luo Feng was willing to die, if that was what it took.

If I can finish Undying River, I can revive myself even if I get killed. I can’t lose this fight. I have to finish Undying River.

Luo Feng closed his eyes and started to practice one of the three secret techniques of Duan Dong River: Undying River.

Before completing Undying River, Luo Feng wouldn’t dare to journey to the horrendous hive of Sector Beasts. After all, there were over ten million Sector Beasts in the hive. If they teamed up and attacked him, he would be easily annihilated. When the quantity was large enough, it could make up for the quality.

Time passed. One year after another went by.

Beside the black-striped stone pillar, time was passing ten million times faster than outside, and Luo Feng kept exploiting his potential. He kept perfecting his comprehension and techniques, studying the Divine Eye Secret Technique and Lie Yuan Technique. Although he wasn’t strong enough to practice Lie Yuan Technique, he needed to comprehend it, and then, when his willpower reached the holy level, he would be able to finish practicing it in one shot.

Wu Qi God, Shi Wu Wing, and Star Tower… These were three of his most important valuables, so he needed to pay more attention to them.

Inside Luo Feng’s miniature universe.

Inside the chaos air, Luo Feng, clothed in a white cape, was walking among the air. He quickly entered the origin of the universe.

Luo Feng looked at the 100,000 stars floating in the space of origin, and the whirlpool space at the center of the 100,000 stars. He smiled and waved his hands, and a drop of golden blood appeared. There was golden light gleaming on the blood, and there seemed to be a screen of light covering it. Engravings flowed on the screen.

“This drop of blood contains my complete life imprint,” muttered Luo Feng. “If I die, this drop of blood will be able to absorb energy, and I can be revived. I can only make one drop of Undying River blood in over 1,000 years.”

Luo Feng looked at that drop of blood, which flew into the whirlpool space. It kept spinning relentlessly in the whirlpool like all those 100,000 stars.

“One drop is enough. Even if I die, I can still be revived with this drop. When I am resurrected, I’ll just make another drop of blood.”

Luo Feng turned around and left the space of origin.

1,890 years after Luo Feng enslaved the Sector Beast, two beings stood in the space outside Milky Way Holy Land.

“Are you going to go to the hive of the Sector Beasts alone without telling anyone?” Primal Chaos City Leader was surprised.

“No need to tell anyone else.” Luo Feng shook his head. “If I succeed, then let’s tell others. But if I fail, we had better not tell anyone…”

“Don’t you need to say goodbye to your family…?” Primal Chaos City Leader asked, hesitating.

“No need.” Luo Feng shook his head. “I am just here to tell you, Teacher, that I’ll be alive whether I succeed or not. There’s no need to worry my wife and family members. Only you should know about it, teacher.”

Primal Chaos City Leader nodded. Luo Feng then stopped talking, then took a step and disappeared.

Primal Chaos City Leader stood in space, silent for a while. Then he whispered, “Please, come back alive!”

Even though Luo Feng had said with certainty that he would come back alive, Primal Chaos City Leader was still worried sick. It was the hive of Sector Beasts, after all.

On that day, Luo Feng left for the hive of the Sector Beasts. Other than Primal Chaos City Leader, none of the great beings in Universe Ocean knew about it.

In the vast Universe Ocean, Star Tower was progressing forward, teleporting. The destination was the fourth Land of Extremis, the World of Jin. He had chosen to go in the 1,890th year because the World of Jin would be opened again at this time, meaning he could enter again. He had decided to go to the World of Jin and convert his military credits into lots of valuables first.

“Morosa.” Luo Feng looked at Morosa at his side. Morosa was all he had now.

“Master,” said Morosa. “You’re going to the World of Jin now. I can travel there with you. However, when you go to the Land of Darkness, I can no longer enter. All the Sector Beasts would be able to sense my presence… If I go there, it means I leak your presence to all the Sector Beasts. I need to stay in Universe Ocean so I can sense the traces of the Sector Beasts. Then I can notify you at any time.”

Luo Feng nodded.

After he brought back the valuables from the World of Jin, he would put the Sector Beast in his miniature universe. No matter how far he was from the miniature universe, he could know exactly what happened there. If Morosa spoke in the miniature universe, he would know, even if he was in Land of Darkness.

“Wait,” asked Luo Feng. “Morosa, I’m going to the Land of Darkness now. If you’re not going with me, you can go to Purple Moon Holy Land. I’ll arrange for one of my godly powered avatars to position Boat of Mausoleum outside Purple Moon Holy Land. No one in Purple Moon Holy Land can do anything about Boat of Mausoleum… In your Boat of Mausoleum, just start swallowing—swallowing that Purple Moon Holy Land. As you swallow Purple Moon Holy Land, you can also sense what is going on in the hive of Sector Beasts, and you can also tell my godly powered avatar. When my godly powered avatar knows, I’ll know about it as well.”

“Okay.” Morosa was eager, as it craved delicious food.

Luo Feng’s eyes glinted ferociously. Purple Moon Holy Land was of no use when it came to dealing with Sector Beasts. Now that it was useless, and since Purple Moon Holy Land was already his mortal enemy, he would just get rid of it.

“However, it’ll take me a long time to swallow the origin of Purple Moon Holy Land,” said Morosa. “Purple Moon Holy Land is more powerful than the miniature universes of normal true gods, and it has strong resistance. I can only swallow it 1/100th as fast as miniature universes of true gods, and it’s enormous. It might take me a long time to completely swallow it—perhaps 100,000 years.”

Chapter 1453 - Treasure

Evaluation

“So long?” Luo Feng frowned, thinking carefully.

True enough—Purple Moon Ancestor was a true god of void space whose miniature universe must have been bigger than his! Morosa was currently only a second-stage Sector Beast. Its speed of devouring was much slower than before. Indeed, it would require around 100,000 years.

“Master, do you want me to devour the origin of his miniature universe?” Morosa asked, primed for action.

Luo Feng shook his head. “Forget it, for the time being, we will just let him have a good life for a little while longer. Previously, when I was at the Sector Beasts’ nest, there were enemies everywhere. There was no way I could stay for long. After spending a short period of one year there, I had to leave there and return. If I could stay for as long as 100 years, that would have been beyond expectations… Morosa, you shall remain within my miniature universe and be on standby at all times. Wait for me to give orders.”

Although he really wanted to destroy Purple Moon Holy Land, the Sector Beast crisis was his top priority.

“Understood.” Morosa was most reluctant to let things be, but still, he had to respect and obey Luo Feng’s orders.

From inside Star Tower, Luo Feng looked toward the void space in the outside world. He was looking in the direction of Purple Moon Holy Land as he silently said to himself, “For now, time is of the essence. I don’t have time to haggle with you… When I am done with the more important matters, it will still not be too late to eliminate you.”

As for failure? Luo Feng could not be bothered to think about it too much. If he truly failed and his miniature universe devoured, everything would be destroyed. By then, Purple Moon Holy Land would be the least of his concerns. Besides, if there was a great extermination, Purple Moon Holy Land would definitely be wiped out. After all, the Sector Beasts would not take Purple Moon Holy Land in even if Purple Moon Holy Land had decided to seek refuge with them. Purple Moon Holy Land did not have any opponents that appeared to be a threat whatsoever, and such a big holy land universe was definitely going to a delectable feast; why would the Sector Beasts give up such good food?

Shua!

Star Tower executed a super long-distance teleportation and continued to advance toward the World of Jin.

After no longer than half a day, Luo Feng, who was onboard Star Tower, entered the godly body of that massive life form that seemed to be His Majesty the Godly King. He arrived outside the miniature universe of the World of Jin and waited in silence. He was awaiting the moment when the membrane walls would start to turn white.

Time passed. Another half a month had gone by.

“It’s changed.”

Luo Feng looked into the distance. The membrane walls of the miniature universe within the void space had completely changed to white. What was different from before was that, after a trillion eras, the number of great beings entering the World of Jin dwindled to only a few because all those great beings who could obtain treasures had, for the most part, gotten what they needed. Those who were not so powerful had either retreated or been annihilated.

The number had grown fewer, and after so many eras, a great being might only be seen entering the World of Jin once in a blue moon. And these were mostly newly emerged universe masters from the primal universe who had come in search of adventure. This time around, other than Luo Feng, there was no one else.

Sou!

Star Tower flew over rapidly. Right away, it penetrated the membrane wall to enter the World of Jin.

Surrounded by a vast blanket of clouds, Star Tower charged through the mist to make a hasty descent. Not far away, there was a ship parked amidst the clouds.

“Keep.” The white-robed form of Luo Feng appeared. Star Tower fell into his palm, and then Luo Feng headed straight for the ship. The cabin doors automatically opened to welcome him in.

This ship was maneuvered by the godly powered avatar he had left behind in the World of Jin all this time. Naturally, it had brought along a great number of treasures with it.

Inside the cabin room, the godly powered avatar sat cross-legged in a corner. The supposedly empty floor next to it was occupied by a great number of treasures. Most of them were automaton-type treasures. There were also some other supplementary treasures.

Hua!

The moment Luo Feng arrived, with a wave, he stored all these treasures right away.

“With these treasures, in when my battle with the Sector Beasts… success is within my grasp.” Luo Feng revealed a slight smile.

At the same time, he was struck by a thought. Beside him, the ring of the military point on his godly-powered avatar’s wrist was activated right away. Instantly, his surroundings transformed into the World of Military Arms. It was vital to note that so long as one was within the World of Jin and used the ring of the military point, entry into the World of Military Arms was immediate. This was the advantage of the ring of the military point. However, ordinary warriors did not qualify for the ownership of this ring of the military point.

Hua!

There was a change within the surrounding space. Then a golden figure descended from high up in the sky.

“Lord Milky Way,” the golden figure greeted with deference.

Luo Feng nodded. “Please help me to evaluate what level this treasure belongs to.”

A ray of light was detached from Luo Feng’s body where it was directly suspended afloat. It had five pairs of wings that were all widely spread, exuding a limitless, oppressive force. This was one of Luo Feng’s important treasures: Shi Wu Wings. This was one of Luo Feng’s first treasures. He had obtained it a long time ago. Combined with various other components, the strength of power it could demonstrate far surpassed all the treasures he had obtained in the World of Jin.

However, in all this time, Star Tower and Shi Wu Wings had never been evaluated while in the World of Jin; this time around, since Luo Feng was here to take away such a large number of treasures, he decided he might as well have them evaluated. Of course, Luo Feng personally felt that Star Tower and Shi Wu Wings would absolutely surpass Wu Qi God.

“Understood,” the golden figure replied respectfully.

Buzz!

Both eyes of the golden figure shot golden rays that shrouded Shi Wu Wings. Streams of rays brushed across every possible spot.

Ang!

The golden figure became a wondrous display with its entire body lit by rays. Countless light rays shot out of it and shrouded every inch around Shi Wu Wings as they probed and explored most thoroughly.

Within Godly King Valley, in the faraway World of Jin, at the top level of Wu Qi Tower.

At that moment, the virtual consciousness of the Godly King of Jin suddenly turned its head, and, deep in thought, it looked far into the distant void space in a particular direction. That direction was where Luo Feng was evaluating his treasures.

“Milky Way?” The Godly King of Jin was shocked. “Other than the treasures from the Jin Dynasty, I did not expect this Milky Way to also possess treasures from the Wu Dynasty… It seems he must have experienced some extraordinary encounters.”

“But…” Godly King of Jin smiled. “It is better if he is stronger and has a more complicated background…”

Luo Feng was filled with anticipation as he watched. Up until now, even he did not know where Shi Wu Wings had truly come from.

As for browsing through the information vault of the World of Jin? The quantity of information in that vault was massive. Luo Feng did not have the stamina to go through everything. He had mainly accepted some of the important information about the inheritance, and that had been enough for him.

“Lord Milky Way.” The golden figure retracted all the light rays. Then, with great respect, it said, “This wing is an automaton-type treasure. It seems to be a prized possession of the destroyed the ‘Wu nation,’ and it was originally called ‘Chaotic Golden Wings.’”

“Destroyed the Wu nation? Chaotic Golden Wings?” Luo Feng was taken aback.

His Shi Wu Wings had actually originated from the Wu nation? The previous Duan Dong River had been known as Duan Dong River Wu… Yet now, from the sound of it, the Wu nation had been destroyed long ago.

Why would his teacher, Primal Chaos City Leader, come up a name like “Shi Wu Wings” when this was originally a wing from the Wu nation itself? It seemed his teacher had learned something that had benefited him back when he first discovered that first incomplete part of Shi Wu Wings. So, when his teacher had to think of a name for this wing, he had gone to the extent of including the character Wu within the name.

“Chaotic Golden Wings contains a total of six pairs of wings,” the golden figure said most courteously. “It currently consists of five pairs, so it is considered to be in an incomplete state. It is missing its sixth pair of wings.”

“Before it was destroyed,” the golden figure continued to elaborate in a respectful tone, “the Wu nation, during its most prosperous time, was slightly stronger than my Jin nation. The Wu nation was most skilled in creating automaton-type treasures. In the battle of superpowers in that ancient civilization, the outcome mostly depended on the troops. An endless army, paired with a large number of automaton-type treasures… could execute attacks that were so powerful that even those who were regarded as holy existences preferred to steer clear to avoid these powerful attacks.”

Luo Feng nodded, deep in thought. He was already aware of this.

The division of abilities consisted of the levels ranked accordingly: true god, true god of void space, eternal true god, the holy, and the godly king!

The Godly King of Jin was at this level and had been powerful enough to create a nation of his own. The three generations of ancestors from the pulse of Duan Dong River had also been at that level, standing at the highest peak of the ancient civilization. The Rhinoceros Emperor of the Rhinoceros Emperor Game, likewise, had been at that level.

So long as one could reach this level, then single-handedly, one would be able to establish one’s own sect to become an absolute leader and stand proud before any ancient civilization. Construction forces could give rise to an entire nation. Of all the battles of superpowers among the ancient civilization that Luo Feng knew of, the highest level of power among them all was the godly king. Similarly, the Shi nation had been established by three founding monarchs. All of them had been godly kings, thus possessing an ability powerful enough to destroy the Jin nation.

“The warriors in the troops number in the billions,” Luo Feng mumbled to himself. “Relying on automaton-type treasures, even the beings on the level of ‘the holy’ ones are most certainly going to be unstoppable unless the Godly King personally makes an appearance. However, the moment a Godly King goes to battle… it would almost be the same as a battle of nations—a battle of life-and-death.”

The golden figure continued, “Within the troop, the main class of treasures is the group classification, like my race’s ‘Jin Luo Universe.’ There are also more massive, single-body type treasures. Chaotic Golden Wings is considered to be one of the most outstanding treasures belonging to the ancient civilization!”

“The most outstanding treasures belonging to the ancient civilization?” Luo Feng was taken aback

“Automaton-type treasures are not of much use to beings who are at the holy level,” the golden figure said. “For His Majesty the Godly King, they become all the more useless. As for the automaton-type treasures used by eternal true gods, these practically represented the pinnacle of all automaton type treasures. Chaotic Golden Wings was an automaton-type treasure that the Wu nation had specially created for its eternal true gods.”

Luo Feng’s eyes lit up the moment he heard this.

“Chaotic Golden Wings is composed of a total of six pairs of wings, and their effects are all different,” continued the Golden Figure. “With the first pair of wings, one can make use of time and space to accelerate one’s speed of escape. This pair of wings can be used by a portion of geniuses from my ancient civilization. Even the undying fighters and knights are able to use it.

“With the second pair of wings, one can control time and space! This is a simplification of a situation whereby the orders of a true god, once given, have to be strictly enforced. This pair of wings can be used by ordinary law masters.

“With the third pair of wings, one can read a thought in void space. This is a simplification of the reading of thought in void space by a true god of void space. This pair of wings can be used by ordinary true gods.

“With the fourth pair of wings, one can establish a universe with a single thought. This is a simplification of an eternal true god’s skill of establishing a miniature universe with a single thought. This pair of wings can be used by ordinary true gods of void space.

“The fifth pair of wings, to a certain extent, is used to control chaos. This is also how the name ‘Chaotic Golden Wings’ came about. Normally, eternal true gods would be able to use this pair of wings. Then, relying on its power, they can have part of the might of a ‘holy existence.’

“The sixth pair of wings are the wings of attack! This pair is invincible. Its power is very strong, and it’s biased towards the gold of chaos. This set of wings has the ‘origin’ as its center and can unleash a super strong combat power. Out of all the single-body, automaton-type treasures of the Wu nation, this set of wings was regarded as the greatest accomplishment! Compared to all the other treasures in the ancient civilization, it was the most outstanding, too. With its help, eternal true gods can acquire part of the power of a holy existence. Of course, its secret engravings were sorted according to level from low to high, so for those with higher powers —after being activated by the secret engravings—the power stored in the origin will be a notch more superior. The energy stored within the origin is then equivalent to a spare supply of energy. This can also allow eternal true gods to last longer in battle.”

Luo Feng was astonished.

Now, he understood. No wonder the blade power, when released from the origin—even when due to overflowing and not erupting through the sixth pair of wings—could still be so powerful. It was all because the power was obtained after transformation carried out by an eternal true god.

“The third pair of wings allows one to read a thought in void space and can be used by ordinary true gods… But I am not ordinary at all. I could use it even when I was only a universe master.” Luo Feng sighed. No wonder he had taken such a long time to comprehend the third stage of Shi Wu Wings. “The way the wings were designed was such that this third pair of wings was originally meant to be activated by those at the level of a true god, so for me, as a universe master, the requirements are certainly much higher.”

“The fourth pair of wings is able to establish a universe with a single thought?” Luo Feng said, filled with excitement. “I may be extremely accomplished, but I still feel that there is a shred that cannot be successfully activated to completion.”

This shred was like a deep chasm; it was difficult to achieve the breakthrough. Going to the Sector Beasts’ nest for a life-and-death fight this time around might allow him to break through.

“Evaluate this treasure for me, too,” said Luo Feng.

A small tower appeared in Luo Feng’s palm. Then, soon after, a nine-story tower flew out to hang suspended in midair. This was none other than Star Tower.

Chapter 1454 - Star Tower

Luo Feng looked at Star Tower, which was floating. To make Star Tower recognize him as his master, he almost died before, and the more powerful he became, the more mysterious he felt Star Tower was.

“Where does it come from?” Luo Feng was more than confused.

“Yes, mister Milky Way,” the golden light being answered. And then, two traces of light shot out of its eyes and began to inspect Star Tower. Light kept coming from its body, covering Star Tower.

One second, two seconds…

One minute, two minutes…

Luo Feng waited as he watched. However, it would take days for the membrane of the miniature universe to be completely white, so he would be able to make it back. It had been more than five minutes, yet the being of golden light was still inspecting the tower.

“Still not done yet?” Luo Feng couldn’t help asking, as it had only taken it a short while to inspect Shi Wu Wing.

The golden light being didn’t react at all. It was still inspecting the tower.

At the top level of Wu Qi Tower in the World of Jin, the Godly King of Jin Country was looking in that direction. He appeared confused as he said, “This true treasure… I—I’ve never seen it before. It’s so intricate and superlative that I can’t discern anything from it. It’s definitely a valuable that only godly kings would be able to forge— godly kings that are proficient in creating valuables.”

In the ancient civilization, godly kings were the pinnacle beings, akin to the emperors of some civilizations. Like the ancestral teachers of the three generations and the Rhinoceros Emperor, they were all at godly king level. However, they were proficient in different aspects. Some were great at close combat, some were skilled at distant attacks, some were proficient at valuable making, and some were skilled at machines.

“He’s just as great as me, if not better. Who made this valuable? Why didn’t I see this valuable before?”

The Godly King of Jin Country was confused. Although he was only a virtual consciousness, he had all the memories of the real Godly King of Jin, so he knew every single supreme true treasure of the ancient civilization.

Luo Feng was waiting. After a long while, the golden light being took back all the light.

“How was it?” asked Luo Feng. He looked a bit anxious.

The golden light being said respectfully, “I’ve inspected it carefully, but I couldn’t find anything. It’s out of the inspection of my range.”

“Out of your range?” Luo Feng was confused.

“Yes,” said the golden light being. “I can know everything about valuables within the range of eternal true gods. However, when it surpasses the eternal true god level, it’ll be difficult for me. In my opinion, this is a valuable used by beings at the holy level, at least.” Luo Feng raised his eyebrows, but he wasn’t surprised. Although he wasn’t powerful enough, he could tell that though Shi Wu Wing was incredible, yet it wasn’t even half as mysterious or mystical as Star Tower. Shi Wu Wing was a top-tier machine-type valuable used by eternal true gods, so Star Tower was at least used by beings at the holy level.

“Mister Milky Way,” the golden light being said respectfully. “I just received a message from His Majesty the Godly King. A message about this valuable.”

“His Majesty the Godly King?” Luo Feng was overjoyed.

The Godly King knew a lot, so there was a chance he knew something about this valuable. It wasn’t a surprise he knew about it. After all, the World of Jin was controlled by His Majesty the Godly King.

“What did His Majesty the Godly King say?” asked Luo Feng.

“He said that this tower-type valuable could only have been forged by a godly king,” said the golden light being. “Plus, it’s definitely a top-tier valuable forged by a godly king who was an expert at making valuables, and it was forged after using lots of precious material and a great amount of energy. This tower type valuable is enough for a godly king to use as a major weapon.”

Luo Feng was thrilled. A major weapon of a godly king?

Luo Feng had several valuables personally, but ordinary valuables were only used for play. Only valuables like Shi Wu Wing and Star Tower were used as major weapons. However, the Godly King of Jin Country had said that Star Tower was powerful enough to be a major weapon for a godly king, and it was a top-tier valuable forged by a godly king excellent at making valuables.

“How—how… How did I get this?” Luo Feng found it hard to believe. “It definitely wasn’t made by Sitting Mountain Guest.”

Luo Feng couldn’t believe it any longer. Sitting Mountain Guest was only a true god. Perhaps he had met with endless great opportunities, but he was only a true god. No matter how fortunate he was, it was impossible for him to have made a perfect valuable that only a godly king great at making valuables could forge.

“Where does it come from?” asked Luo Feng. “Such a supreme valuable must have been renowned even in the ancient civilization.”

The golden light being said respectfully, “The masters of true gods at this level should all be prominent, and the true treasure should also be well-known. However, His Majesty the Godly King said he has never seen a true treasure like this, and he’s never heard of a true god at this level in the ancient civilization.”

“He hasn’t even heard about it?’ Luo Feng was confused.

There were several possibilities. One, after Jin Country was destroyed, a true treasure, Star Tower, was born in the ancient civilization, and Sitting Mountain Guest had obtained it somehow.

Another was that long before Jin Country was destroyed, a supreme being in the ancient civilization left Star Tower behind, but it had been a long time ago—so long that even the Godly King of Jin didn’t know about it.

Another possibility was that the supreme being who had forged Star Tower had never publicized it.

Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest did meet with great luck, Luo Feng thought. Besides, he must be up to something big. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have just cultivated the earthlings to inherit this valuable, only to give up a valuable like Star Tower. I speculated that he was somehow related to Jin Country, or at least related to Jin Country after it was destroyed. However, even the Godly King of Jin doesn’t know where Star Tower come from.

Luo Feng was even more confused. Regardless, he had confirmed with the Godly King of Jin Country that Star Tower was a major weapon used by godly kings, and even the Godly King of Jin hadn’t been aware of it.

“Can you check this one?” Luo Feng waved his hands and took out Blood Shadow Blade to let the golden light being examine it.

In Godly King Valley, His Majesty the Godly King smiled. “This Milky Way has a lot of valuables.”

“Milky Way, this blade is an embryo—an embryo at the godly king level,” said the Godly King of Jin. His voice echoed in Luo Feng’s ears. “It used a lot of precious materials. However, you need to imprint your own techniques into the blade so that the embryo can become a true weapon, which is something commonly used by supreme beings. After all, it’s almost impossible to make a valuable at the level of your tower-type valuables. What’s the name of that tower type valuable?”

Luo Feng smiled upon hearing the voice of His Majesty the Godly King. “Your Majesty, the name of this tower is Star Tower.”

Luo Feng didn’t fear the possibility that the Godly King of Jin craved the valuable. After all, His Majesty the Godly King had died a long time ago, and all that was left of him was a virtual consciousness. Valuables were useless to him! Plus, the Godly King of Jin had been expecting for him for a long time.

“Star Tower?” said the Godly King of Jin, transmitting his voice. “This is a seal-type valuable that can suppress lots of enemies, and it can even enslave the enemies. When you become stronger in the future, you will easily enslave enemies you trap in this Star Tower, and they’ll never betray you. Of course, the weaker the great beings are, the easier it is to enslave them. It’s mainly used for suppression, but it can also be used for fighting. It’s also one of the most precious fighting-type valuables, and it’s a major weapon used by godly kings. It’s invaluable. Even when your embryo becomes a godly king sword, ten of them can rival one, not to mention an embryo. It’s really lucky for you to have gotten that. I’m even more confident that you can achieve my goal.”

Luo Feng held his breath as he listened to the Godly King’s words. Even when Blood Shadow Blade became a godly king blade, ten of them could rival one?

Suppression? Enslavement? Star Tower can enslave my enemies? Luo Feng thought. It seems I’m too weak to fully exploit Star Tower.

Luo Feng left the World of Jin with many valuables, but he left his godly power avatar in World of Jin.

“Star Tower. Shi Wu Wing.”

Luo Feng was smiling; these two valuables were indeed incredible, especially Star Tower. Even if he had already known how special Star Tower was, he was still amazed.

What’s your goal, teacher? Luo Feng thought.

Sitting Mountain Guest had spent endless eras… for what? Luo Feng could tell that it was related to some of the deep secrets of Universe Ocean. Even Sitting Mountain Guest had said that he could only talk about it after the crisis of the Sector Beasts was over, which meant it would be pointless to talk about it while the Sector Beasts were still around.

“Haha. If I just stay in Star Tower, even if ten million sector beasts attacked me at the same time, they couldn’t hurt me.”

Luo Feng was thrilled. Star Tower was a major weapon used by godly kings, and every Sector Beast was only at the true god level, so even if they attacked at the same time, it was nothing to Star Tower.

However, he still needed to be careful. Even though Star Tower was indestructible, Luo Feng would still be unable to resist the attacks from ten million sector beasts. They could just push Star Tower into some out-of-the-way place.

That’s the core area of Tilted Peak Sector, after all, thought Luo Feng. Even if I can survive some terrifying places, I’ll be trapped there forever, like Three Extremes Abyss. If all the Sector Beasts push my Star Tower into Three Extremes Abyss and I can come back with Undying River, my Star Tower will never make it way back.

He was indeed confident, but he would still lose his life if he wasn’t careful enough.

“Fortunately, I have Morosa.”

Luo Feng took a look at the Sector Beast at his side.

In the chaos air in Universe Ocean, Star Tower was moving forward quickly, entering Luo Feng’s miniature universe.

“My avatar will drive this spaceship,” said Luo Feng. “Morosa, stay in the ship and sense everything in the hive of the Sector Beasts.”

“Yes, Master,” answered Morosa.

Luo Feng smiled. “Just do what I said. I’ll go to the hive now, and I’ll capture many Sector Beasts and bring them back for you to swallow.”

“Ah!” Morosa was exhilarated.

If a Sector Beast was suppressed by Star Tower, even level-three Sector Beasts could do nothing but wait to be eaten by Morosa. Even level-four Sector Beasts could still be eaten by Morosa with Luo Feng’s help.

“Just help me, and I’ll give you many perks,” said Luo Feng.

Then he left his miniature universe. As for Morosa, Luo Feng wished to cultivate him as the king of the Sector Beasts!

“The hive of sector beasts!”

Luo Feng looked at the endless space in the distance.

Sou!

Star Tower moved forward toward Tilted Peak Sector in Universe Ocean!

Chapter 1455 - Land of

Darkness

In less than half a day’s time, Luo Feng arrived at Tilted Peak Sector, which had been surrounded by an endless water domain.

Hua!

Luo Feng dove right into the waters and immediately teleported toward his targeted venue—he advanced towards the “space of wings.”

Earlier on, the “space of wings” was where he had obtained the pair of white wings and the origin! If he had taken the usual route to get to the Land of Darkness, he would have had to enter that mountain peak and charge through the vast region within the peak to finally enter the core. However, by taking another passage via the space of wings, he could reach the core immediately.

“The first time I came here, I was very careful.”

Maneuvering Star Tower, Luo Feng drove through the space of wings and entered another passageway. He was already very familiar with the place. Previously, during the time when he was trying to achieve the breakthrough to get his godly body to the third level, Luo Feng had taken this passageway several times to get to the Land of Darkness.

“Previously, this was where I got the ‘origin.’ If I can get ahold of another origin, that would be great. But such things are always happening by chance. It’s not as though I can simply get one by asking for it.”

Luo Feng shook his head with a sigh. The origin was very powerful; it was important to note that even for a true god of void space, it was a difficult task to destroy a true god weapon (supreme true treasure), yet with the help of Shi Wu Wings, which could release a billion beams of blade rays, the origin was able to destroy such a true god weapon.

Luo Feng definitely wanted to get his hands on more such trump cards. This was why, as early as the billionth era, while he was in the World of Jin, he had once requested that General Harmonious Snow execute his automaton-type treasure to transform and store his godly power, then attempt to bring this stored power out of the World of Jin.

A pity… The moment the power was exposed to the outside world, the transformed power had automatically dispersed and had been annihilated.

“The intangible, supreme universe law exerts its influence over everything,” Luo Feng muttered to himself. “Within the World of Jin, all the great beings were not able to get out. If they set foot outside, they are bound for death. Even the transformed godly power cannot be brought out. Only some lifeless objects—like weapons, treasures, blood, skin, and hair samples—are allowed out of the World of Jin. If only General Harmonious Snow and his warriors could come out, then that great army of Sector Beasts would have been annihilated ages ago.”

The Sector Beasts might have been very powerful, but they were, after all, still in their breeding period. To the various races of Universe Ocean, it was a great crisis. But to the World of Jin… it would have been a breeze. Sending millions of true gods aboard Jin Luo Universe, they could have swept out the entire Sector Beast nest. Or perhaps if eternal true gods were to be sent out instead, they could have swept out everything, too. Unfortunately, all of them were stuck in the World of Jin. Obviously, all of these were under the influence of the intangible, supreme universe law.

“When the Jin nation was destroyed, all lives of the World of Jin became trapped win that miniature universe for eternity, forever void of the chance to come out.” Luo Feng shook his head and lamented.

Sou!

Star Tower barged about in a rampage, at times teleporting, at times flying at high speed, paying no heed to safety or dangers. Of course, there were scary regions that one would not be able to leave the moment they fell within, such as “Three Extreme Abyss” and “Icy Wind Devil Cave.” These were places that even Luo Feng had to take a detour around. These were places known to be the lands of nightmares. Maybe he had the ability to escape upon falling in, but he was not ready to take the gamble! If he was really stuck in there, it would be a dumbfounding turn of events.

Amidst the red-hot lava, Star Tower continued to advance.

Flying out of the layer of lava, far into the distance, it was approaching the endless whirlwind whirlpool. Every whirlwind was like a blade of light from a super great being, with an incredibly powerful tearing force. Star Tower was, undoubtedly, able to charge in easily. Even though it was not affected by the influence of the whirlwind and was able to stay on course, Luo Feng took an extra step in borrowing the strength of these whirlwinds to propel Star Tower ahead at an even faster pace.

“It is the 10,000 Waves water region ahead!” Luo Feng said to himself. “After I get to the 10,000 Waves water region, I will be near the Land of Darkness. Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God are both at the 10,000 Waves water region.”

Luo Feng had been here multiple times. Secretly, he had chanced upon the discovery that both Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God were at this place. However, to avoid attracting unnecessary attention from the Sector Beasts, Luo Feng had not made any moves. Compared to the Sector Beast crisis, both Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God were merely ants that were not worth a dime of attention.

“When I am in a true confrontation with the Sector Beasts, and there is time to spare, I will just end it with you two along the way.”

Hong! Long!

Star Tower flew right into the 10,000 Waves water region without pause, then started to close on the Land of Darkness. The faraway boundary of this vast water region was shrouded in total blackness. It was a kind of darkness that would bring shudders to the human soul. When the Sector Beast was yet to be born, if one were to fall into the deep abyss of this Land of Darkness, they would be lost for eternity. Escape was almost impossible.

Generally, many would just roam about the borders, or if some universe masters had other bodies, they might dare to step into the abyss because even if that body were to die, it would only mean losing one of their multiple bodies.

“Morosa.” Star Tower came to a halt at the border of the Land of Darkness. Luo Feng looked far off into the distance, where the sight of endless darkness greeted him.

Within Luo Feng’s miniature universe…

“Morosa, hand me the star map of the Sector Beasts’ nest,” the godly powered avatar said. “And also, the positions of every single one of those millions of Sector Beasts—indicate them on the map.”

Morosa replied with great deference, “Yes, Master. But Master, I may be able to remotely detect the position of every Sector Beast, but the distance between them is far too great, so the coordinates I give can only indicate an approximate region. It is already scaled down to a smaller area. The degree of precision won’t be very on-point.”

“That will do.” The godly-powered avatar nodded.

As Morosa carefully tried to detect the location of the other Sector Beasts, traces of Sector Beast power also started to dissipate from the surface of his body to be suspended in midair. These traces of Sector Beast power condensed to form a huge sphere with a diameter of around one million kilometers.

“The entire Sector Beast nest has become a sphere,” Morosa explained. “It has the ability to affect all the senses; if any of you true gods from the Universe Ocean fall deep into it, you all be lost within it.”

Thereafter, that sphere, with a diameter of one million kilometers, started to show specks of light, and around every speck was a halo. There were countless such spots.

“Every spot of light here represents one Sector Beast,” said Morosa. “The area that the halo spreads out over is the region where the Sector Beast might possibly be found. This is the best I can provide: an approximate region for every Sector Beasts’ location.”

Shortly after, on the gigantic Sector Beast nest model, some mountain ranges and rivers started to emerge.

“There are other material objects to be found in the Land of Darkness. I may be your servant, but I am unable to detect your whereabouts, my Master.”

The godly-powered avatar nodded. It was difficult to detect one’s whereabouts within Universe Ocean, which was why there were often incidences of individuals getting lost within Universe Ocean. Even though Morosa was Luo Feng’s servant, it was unable to detect the exact location of Luo Feng’s whereabouts. On the contrary, it would be able to detect the locations of all the other Sector Beasts. This was a talent that these Sector Beasts were born with.

“Master, you may want to rely on the mountain ranges, rivers, and gigantic mountain rocks to determine the coordinates of your own whereabouts,” Morosa suggested. “Of course, you can also rely on the location of the Sector Beasts to help determine your own whereabouts. The only problem with this method is that the beasts will discover you easily. Presently, the number of Sector Beasts, excluding myself, reaches a total of more than 9.2 million.”

“Very well,” said the godly powered avatar. “Please mark out and indicate for me the location of 10,000 Waves water region.”

“There is no way I can mark that out,” Morosa said. “After the Land of Darkness takes a spherical form, internally, it is revolving very slowly and continuously every moment. Relative to the revolution on the inside, some mountain ranges do not change locations. But to the outside world… the Land of Darkness is ever-changing. Thus, it is easy to lose one’s way within the Land of Darkness.”

“In that case,” the godly-powered avatar replied immediately, giving its orders, “you must continue to sense them carefully. When those Sector Beasts change location, you have to change the model accordingly to ensure that you are in tune with the changes all the time.”

“Yes, Master.” Morosa showed absolute obedience.

“Go in.”

Star Tower was at the border of 10,000 Waves water region before it finally flew straight into the endless darkness. Star Tower was shrinking.

Luo Feng carefully controlled Star Tower. Although it was said to be darkness, to a strong being like Luo Feng, dark was no different from light. Through his influence over time and space, he could still see clearly what was far in the distance.

“Dead silence.” As though there is nothing at all.”

Luo Feng held his breath. He did not dare to be the least bit careless.

At that very moment, he was very unclear about where he was. He needed to rely on the reference points within the Land of Darkness to understand what was around him and what was happening, but the period before he found those reference points… was the most dangerous time.

“I hope that by being ‘Invisible and Formless,’ will not be discovered by the Sector Beasts. The moment I am discovered, my first plan will have failed.”

After all, there were more than 9.2 million Sector Beasts now. It was too densely populated in the nest. It would be just like how Huge Axe had been annihilated shortly after falling into the Land of Darkness, or how Hong and Eye Devil God were discovered shortly after they entered. It was almost a given fact that Luo Feng was bound to be discovered, too, so he could only pin his hopes on the power of being Invisible and Formless—and seeing if the Sector Beasts would overlook any loopholes.

“Hide!”

Star Tower vanished, and Luo Feng appeared within the void space. Soon after, his body transformed.

“Change!”

A floating stone was charging toward the Land of Darkness, sometimes teleporting, sometimes just floating. This stone was void of life, just like an ordinary mountain rock.

As it was advancing, it was also sensing the space ripples. Luo Feng knew that his teleportation distance could be much further than the Sector Beasts, and naturally, he could detect things over a longer distance. If he did not detect anything amiss, he would continue to teleport again and again.

“Huh?” Luo Feng felt a sudden shock and immediately stopped.

A short moment later—

Hua!

A hideous-looking Sector Beast teleported over. Relying on its ability to detect things in space, it had discovered the presence of the rock right away.

“Eh?” The two singular, bloodshot eyes stared at the rock. “Why is there a rock here, suddenly out of nowhere? Could it be a piece that flew over from the mountains that collapsed and shattered when the other fellows were fighting one another? Humph!”

This hideous-looking beast stomped on the rock without warning. With a loud sound, the rock shattered into many pieces. The Sector Beast displayed indifference and left.

Luo Feng started to detect around him again. After waiting a long while after the Sector Beast left, he said, “Condense!”

The rock condensed again, but this time, upon transformation, it took on a different look.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Once again, he teleported to advance.

This was how Luo Feng carefully relied on his “Invisible and Formless” power to avoid being discovered by the Sector Beasts. He had encountered three Sector Beasts in total, and based on their locations, he determined his own approximate coordinates. Then, finally, he arrived at a certain spot on that floating mountain range.

This mountain range was a trillion kilometers tall. Rolling on, it floated amid the air in the land of Darkness.

Hu!

A piece of rock fell from the mountain range and instantly took on human form.

Luo Feng heaved a sigh of relief. “My location is now confirmed.”

Determining his coordinates was only the first step.

“Depending on my ability to stay Invisible and Formless, the Sector Beasts cannot recognize me,” Luo Feng said to himself silently. “However, the moment I start fighting the Sector Beasts… the moment one Sector Beast discovers me, it will be the same as being discovered by all the Sector Beasts. By then, I will be forced to execute another plan.

“It’s fate’s call. I can only sneak-attack one Sector Beast. In that case… I can destroy the leader, and his gang will be the next to fall. Since I can only sneak-attack one of them, I shall choose ‘Beddy’!”

A look of aggressiveness flashed in Luo Feng’s eyes. Earlier, Morosa had specially marked out the whereabouts of the 100 most powerful Sector Beasts in the nest, and the most powerful one of them all was none other than Beddy.

Chapter 1456 - The Most

Powerful

Luo Feng followed his first plan and proceeded toward Beddy’s location.

“Beddy!”

In Land of Darkness, a Sector Beast was fleeing in a hurry. As it fled, it roared furiously, “You’re already at pinnacle level four, and there are several Sector Beasts in our hive who are already at level four. Why don’t you go fight Qi Ya and Mo He? One of them is stronger than 100 of us. If you waste your time chasing us, Mo He and the others will only become stronger, and if they reach level five before you, they’ll definitely eat you.”

Another Sector Beast was chasing it at high speed, and both the singular eyes on its heads were gleaming belligerently. It said, “You’re not qualified to tell me what to do, Ka Qiong.”

Sou!

Sector Beast Beddy kept speeding up, moving much faster than the one in front of it. Beddy knew that after it had decided to hunt Sector Beasts, it had lost control over the hive. Some of the other top-tier Sector Beasts were beyond its control. If Beddy still acted as it had before and only targeted the powerful Sector Beasts, they wouldn’t even have a chance to improve themselves.

The previous strategy had been simple and would have taken him a long time. The threat from Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng had forced Beddy to speed things up. It had to keep swallowing other Sector Beasts to become stronger.

“I’m stronger than Mo He and the others. I keep swallowing and keep evolving. I was the strongest before, and I’ll be the strongest forever.” Both the singular eyes of Beddy were glinting with madness as it almost managed to slash the Sector Beast in front of it.

Peng!

The fleeing Sector Beast separated its body into 99 parts, and they all fled in different directions. This was a fight between two Sector Beasts, so its survival skill, “Sector Light Passageway,” would be interrupted by Beddy; it couldn’t be formed, which was why it didn’t bother to perform that technique. Even if it was actually able to perform it, it would have been much weaker and would have died even more tragically in the hive.

Weng!

Traces of dimming, colorful light burst out of Beddy’s body. The colorful light enveloped space and time. It was the Sector Light Passageway of a level-four Sector Beast. A mighty binding power trapped all 99 bodies as if they were ensnared in a swamp. Their bodies immediately slowed down.

Peng!

Beddy divided his body into 99 parts as well, charging at the 99 bodies of his enemies. All 99 bodies bit through their enemies.

“Beddy!” All the bodies of the fleeing Sector Beast disappeared, and they converged to form the original body.

“Die, Ka Qiong!” The 99 bodies of Beddy also vanished and condensed into its original body.

They were fighting each other, gnashing and rolling everywhere in the Land of Darkness, battling like mad. Their flesh split open, and dark blood burst out.

Beddy was at pinnacle level four while Ka Qiong was only at level three. Beddy also had Sector Light Passageway to help him, so Beddy was crushing Ka Qiong.

Chi!

A bloody light surrounded the claw, which pierced through Ka Qiong’s chest instantly. A giant hole appeared on Ka Qiong’s chest as it lost its sector. Its body trembled, and it lost all ability to resist.

“You’ll die, Beddy! You will!” Ka Qiong glared at Beddy with both its singular eyes. “You’re fighting us instead of Mo He and other powerful ones… You’ll die! You will die of your stupidity!”

Ka! Cha!

Beddy opened the mouths on both its heads, and they chomped down on the heads of Ka Qiong. It chewed the heads and swallowed them into its stomach. Then it went on to chew up the other parts of the body. Soon, he finished eating an entire Sector Beast.

“Another one.” Beddy looked up with his eyes gleaming. “Almost. Almost there.”

Sou!

Beddy teleported and disappeared.

After around half a month, Sector Beast Beddy was chasing another Sector Beast again. Beddy clotted the space around it, so nobody could teleport to leave. One was pursuing while the other was fleeing!

“If I eat it, I’ll reach level five very soon.” Beddy was eager as it chased another Sector Beast.

In the silent Land of Darkness, Luo Feng stood above a tumbling river passing through space. “Why did the location change again? This Sector Beast Beddy keeps changing its location. It moves so fast, yet I have to be careful not to be found by other Sector Beasts…”

Luo Feng was deeply upset.

Far away, in Luo Feng’s miniature universe, Morosa said to the godly powered avatar, “Master, I’ve spread the message. Besides, now that the Sector Beasts have learned I am with you, they’re trying to speed up their evolution. Normally, they are very relaxed and only hunt once in a while, but now, they are acting madly and constantly moving around. So is Beddy. Beddy must be chasing its prey now. Other Sector Beasts can sense it, so they can flee as quickly as possible to render its efforts ineffective.

“However, there are far too many Sector Beasts in the hive. If Beddy dashes in a single direction, there could be hundreds of thousands of Sector Beasts there, all of whom are fleeing and even fighting each other, which gives Beddy a great chance. Besides, Beddy can teleport the farthest, so he can still succeed sometimes.”

The godly powered avatar nodded. “Mark his location carefully.”

“Yes, Master,” answered Morosa respectfully.

Luo Feng knew that Beddy was hunting and moving at the same time. However, he didn’t dare to wait until Beddy stopped. If it did, it might enter level five very soon.

“I have to catch up with it.”

Luo Feng became a floating rock, teleporting as he approached Beddy.

Luo Feng was able to teleport farther than Beddy. However, Beddy was reckless and went wherever it wanted, yet Luo Feng had to evade many Sector Beasts. When Luo Feng was approaching the Sector Beasts, they could sense the teleportation ripples, and if they couldn’t see any Sector Beast after sensing the teleportation ripples, they naturally grew suspicious and rushed toward him. For that reason, Luo Feng had to take many detours.

“Perhaps Beddy will rush in my direction. Then I can go ahead and capture it.”

Luo Feng looked forward to it, while that giant rock kept teleporting again and again in the Land of Darkness.

Time passed. Morosa maintained the standard of the Land of Darkness, tracking all the light spots that represented Sector Beasts. Just by watching those spots, it could tell when Beddy touched one, as the other spot would quickly dissipate. Apparently, Beddy was hunting and eating!

Three months after Luo Feng entered the Land of Darkness, Sector Beast Beddy sat at the top of a strange mountain floating in space. It was holding back its power. However, the energies that leaked all gathered toward Beddy, forming an endless black mist. The Land of Darkness was a hive for the Sector Beasts—a cradle for them—so it also had some special energies.

The black mist surrounded Sector Beast Beddy.

Hu!

“Absorb!”

Black mist sometimes permeated and sometimes shrank. It was like a giant heart pumping relentlessly.

On the other side of the Land of Darkness, Luo Feng found that Beddy had stopped moving. He was thrilled and started to rush in that direction.

“It stopped! Even though it’s really far away from me and I need to detour around many areas, it’ll take me only half a day to get there.”

Shua! Shua! Shua!

The rock was teleporting and moving forward.

The black mist heart kept pumping. Eventually…

“Absorb!”

The black mist shrank abruptly. It all went into Beddy’s nose, flooding inward. A bloody light surrounded its body. Gradually, the light became increasingly dense.

Hong! Long! Hong! Long!

Time and space trembled, and a terrifying and destructive ripple appeared, surrounding Beddy. The bloody light on its body became denser, and its body shape was growing larger and larger. When it came to body size, the more advanced a Sector Beast was, the larger its body would be.

It had been an hour, and the bloody light was gradually reined in. It was attached to its dark skin. Eccentric engravings formed on Sector Beast Beddy’s skin, and after a short while, everything disappeared. There were bloody, thread-like engravings all over its body, emanating power that could make one’s soul tremble.

Hu!

Sector Beast Beddy exhaled and opened both of his singular eyes. Both its heads smiled, as it felt relaxed and comfortable.

“Finally… Finally, I’ve entered level five.”

Sector Beast Beddy was relieved. After getting the message from Morosa, it had known that Morosa was suppressed and eventually enslaved. Since then, it had enacted a new strategy, never relaxing even for a moment. It knew that it was taking a major risk, and if other Sector Beasts entered level five before it, it would be in big trouble. However, it had to take a chance, as Luo Feng was too great a threat. It had never let up for even a second over the past eras.

“I’ve finally entered level five. Nobody in the hive of Sector Beasts will be my match now, and if Mo He and the others meet me, they’ll be doomed.”

Both of the singular eyes of Sector Beast Beddy gleamed crazily. Mo He, Qi Ya, and some others had also entered level four. Beddy had been as at an advantage before, but the best it had been able to do was suppress them. It was difficult for it to kill them, just as it had been difficult for Beddy to kill Morosa when they both had been at level three.

However, things were different now. Beddy had reached level five! This gave it an absolute edge over the other level-four Sector Beasts. Besides, there were only a few of them at level four.

“Mo He…” Sector Beast Beddy teleported and started to act. “My teleportation distance is still the same as when I was at level four, so Mo He and the others have no idea I’ve entered level five.”

“It only now started to move again?” A rock was floating in the space near Beddy. “Too late! I can catch you in five minutes!”

Shua!

The rock approached Beddy as quickly as possible.

Chapter 1457 - Pearl of the

Golden Ocean

As he approached, Luo Feng transformed from the rock back into a human from in silver armor. There were five shining wings on his back. Luo Feng’s eyes looked indifferent at this moment, as nobody could sway his determination to kill Beddy!

Sector Beast Beddy was the strongest Sector Beast. If Luo Feng killed Beddy, it would take much longer for a level-six Sector Beast to be born, which would give the races in Universe Ocean a grace period.

“I have to kill Beddy!” Luo Feng only had one goal in his mind: to kill Beddy!

Shua! Shua! Shua!

After teleporting over 100 times, he finally felt a faint teleportation ripple.

“It’s right there!”

Luo Feng teleported and rushed toward the ripple. He then condensed the space so that nobody could teleport and run away.

Beddy had just entered level five and was daring and energetic. He was just about to deal with Sector Beasts at level four. He even tried to limit himself to teleporting only as far he had been able to teleport while at level four.

Suddenly, Beddy felt an approaching ripple. Then the space around it condensed.

“Huh?”

The source of that ripple couldn’t even sense the presence of Sector Beasts, which meant it wasn’t a Sector Beast that was coming toward him. Apparently, it was a creature from the races of Universe Ocean.

A great being from Universe Ocean had been able to penetrate the core area of Land of Darkness without being noticed? And it was rushing directly at Beddy?

Could it be a coincidence? There were almost ten million Sector Beasts in the Land of Darkness, and they were able to camouflage themselves. If they didn’t want other Sector Beasts to find them, it was almost impossible for them to run into Beddy.

“It must be Milky Way Horde Leader, Luo Feng,” said Sector Beast Beddy. “Only him. He enslaved Morosa, and that’s how he knows where all the Sector Beasts are in Land of Darkness.” Beddy suddenly had many thoughts racing through his mind. “Who is it?”

Sector Beast Beddy knew he wouldn’t be able to teleport now. He was enraged. He wasn’t in a rush but looked toward the ripples with both his heads.

In the distance, a silver-armored human being stood in space. Five pairs of silver wings were open on his back, and he was staring at Sector Beast Beddy with the eyes of a wolf staring at a sheep!

“Are you the number one great being from Universe Ocean, Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng?” Sector Beast Beddy asked indifferently.

Beddy was absolutely confident now that it had entered level five. He had felt part of the destruction of the origin. His power had surged, and he was just pretending to be at level four by teleporting shorter distances.

Level five was almost the pinnacle power in the evolution system of Sector Beasts. Compared to level-six Sector Beasts, level five didn’t have 10,000 bodies and couldn’t pull off a long fight. But other than that, they didn’t have many disadvantages.

Luo Feng opened his mouth. “Beddy?”

“You know me?” Both the singular eyes of Sector Beast Beddy glinted with a dim light. “It seems that Morosa told you about me, and you managed to sneak into the Land of Darkness without being noticed by any other Sector Beasts. You’re indeed impressive… Even I didn’t notice you. Now, you show yourself. It seems you came here to target me.”

“That’s right.” Luo Feng nodded.

The conversation sounded tepid. However, Luo Feng was constantly observing Sector Beast Beddy.

Wasn’t Beddy scared at all? Its calmness sharpened Luo Feng’s vigilance. Morosa had already given every Sector Beast a message before it was enslaved, and apparently, level-four Sector Beasts weren’t Luo Feng’s match. Facing an enemy that it couldn’t rival, it should have either panicked or attacked.

However, Beddy was oddly calm.

“I had meant to kill you in the future, but now that you’re here, I will…” Sector Beast Beddy’s eyes gleamed madly.

“It’s me who’s going to kill you!” Luo Feng yelled.

Hong!

The five pairs of wings on Luo Feng’s back suddenly bulged, and at the same time, godly power that was utilized in its entirety was infused into his Shi Wu Wings. He kept performing the first three volumes of Duan Mie. Even in the World of Jin, burning three levels at the true god level was the limit. Luo Feng immediately triggered the third level of engravings of his Shi Wu Wings with his godly power.

All of a sudden, an area of several square light years was covered by vast clouds. It was “single thought void space”!

A strong binding power immediately assaulted Beddy. It only made Beddy laugh.

“Haha! Did you use this move to reduce Morosa to using Sector Light Passageway? Hmm… It’s enough to deal with level-three Sector Beasts. However, it’s nothing but a joke to me!”

Weng!

Blurry light permeated and relentlessly eroded the area of the single thought void space. The light was stronger; it kept growing, forcing the single thought void space to retreat.

“Huh?” Luo Feng was stunned. “How can the Sector Light Domain be so powerful? The Sector Light Domain of a level-four Sector Beast should be at the same level as my single thought void space. Has Sector Beast Beddy really reached level five?”

Although it was the same move, Sector Light Domain was different when it was performed by level-five Sector Beasts as opposed to level-four Sector Beasts. The power of the technique depended on the “sector” within the Sector Beast, and apparently, level-five Sector Beasts were superior.

“No wonder… It’s Beddy. It’s entered level five.” Luo Feng’s voice sounded cold, but it was spread several light years away.

“Haha! No wonder you’re the first great being in Universe Ocean. You concluded that I’ve entered level five so quickly.” Sector Beast Beddy guffawed cruelly. Luo Feng knew from Morosa that Beddy was ruthless and had a heart of stone. “I’ve indeed entered level five, but you’re here now. You’re being suicidal! This space and time skill of yours can’t compare with my Sector Light Domain. This time…”

But Sector Beast Beddy was suddenly stunned when a radiant pearl flew out of Luo Feng’s palms, giving out golden light.

The golden pearl flew above Luo Feng’s head, and burning godly power kept being infused into it. The golden pearl transformed into vast and mighty golden waves.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Golden waves suddenly showed up in the area where Luo Feng and Beddy were. The golden waves and single thought void space empowered one another, and the power surged. They immediately suppressed Beddy’s Sector Light Domain, forcing it to back off.

That golden pearl was called the “Pearl of the Golden Ocean.” It was a precious valuable brought by Luo Feng from the World of Jin—a machine-type domain valuable used by true gods of void space. It was only an ordinary treasure for true gods of void space, and mediocre true gods of void space were already able to use it. The limit of ordinary true gods was only at top-tier level nine. When Luo Feng was comprehending the evolution of chaos, he had largely exceeded that limit. He could totally rival ordinary true gods of void space!

That was why he was able to trigger the Pearl of the Golden Ocean. In fact, when Luo Feng had been converting credits into valuables in World of Jin, he had been able to convert the valuables back into military credits as part of the same deal. He had obtained many valuables to see whether he was able to fully comprehend and use them. If he wasn’t able to use them, he would return them. Like Wu Qi God, which was one of the best true god level machine-type valuables and had three levels. The third level was so intricate that it was more difficult to employ than many machine-type valuables at the true god of void space level.

“The engravings in the third level of Shi Wu Wings are relatively plain.” Luo Feng sighed. “I was able to utilize them when I was only a universe master, and even ordinary true gods are able to use them. Besides, my Shi Wu Wings don’t have an ‘origin,’ so the move is indeed weaker than Sector Light Domain.”

The more advanced a technique was, the more powerful it was. The simplified version of “single thought void space” was far from Luo Feng’s true power. Unfortunately, the fourth level of Shi Wu Wing, “establish a universe with a single thought,” was too intricate for Luo Feng to utilize. If he could fully comprehend it and perform its true power, he would exert much more power than at present.

The Pearl of the Golden Ocean was much more complicated than single thought void space, as it could only be triggered by true gods of void space, and it was the most advanced valuable that Luo Feng was able to use. It was also a machine-type valuable. Although it wasn’t as delicate as his Shi Wu Wings, it was still much more powerful than single thought void space.

The endless golden ocean and the single thought void space—both were putting pressure on the Sector Light Domain.

Heng!

Sector Beast Beddy snorted. The Sector Light Domain was now so small that it barely surrounded Beddy’s body like a thin membrane. Even so, that layer was very dense and was capable of defending Beddy against every attack.

“Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng.” Sector Beast Beddy snorted. “All you have are valuables. You trapped Morosa in your Star Tower, and eventually, you enslaved it. Without your valuables, you wouldn’t have been able to accomplish that.”

What Beddy said was true. Luo Feng had used single thought void space, the power of space of suppression, and the power of the origin of his miniature universe to completely confine Morosa so that it couldn’t self-destruct.

“I heard that you have an endless ocean body,” said Sector Beast Beddy.

Sector Beast Beddy was exceptionally aloof; he was indeed full of confidence.

Just as he spoke, endless black light shot out and surrounded Luo Feng in the distance. It was so fast that even Luo Feng wasn’t able to dodge it. Endless black threads wound around and enveloped Luo Feng, trapping him in a cocoon.

“However, you’re only a human,” said Sector Beast Beddy, “and you’ve become a true god, which means you now only have a human body. You might have lost your endless ocean body. There’s no need to fight you. All I need to do is to consume your godly power!” Beddy looked at the black mist cocoon in the distance and smirked. “A Sector Beast at level five can exert totally different power than level-four Sector Beasts even when performing the same move. Now, my power is purer and more forceful. The power of my ‘sector’ is much stronger.”

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Luo Feng didn’t even try to get out. Instead, he began burning his godly power, shocking the black mist cocoon. Godly power and the power of the Sector Beasts were consuming each other.

“You want to compete with me in terms of godly power?” Luo Feng said.

He smirked. He could easily transform his godly power into the power of the Sector Beasts instead so that his enemy couldn’t do that. However, he preferred to do what he was doing now.

According to Morosa, the godly power of level-five Sector Beasts can rival that of true gods 100 million kilometers tall, Luo Feng thought. However, it’s still less than one one-trillionth of mine.

Chapter 1458 - The

Reincarnation Passageway

Amid the surging golden waves, a gigantic black cocoon floated. Sometimes it would bulge at one side, and at other times, it would bulge at the other side as though a monster was trying its best to burst forth from the cocoon. Opposing forces were frantically trying to annihilate one another.

Sector Beast Beddy was under the suppression of endless waves and a “single thought void space,” yet it was not bothered in the least. Looking far into the distance at the black mist cocoon, it broke into a wide smile. As if to publicize its arrogance, it said, “Milky Way Horde Leader, you have fallen, and your godly power is not only used to fight the power of the Sector Beasts but is also constantly being devoured by me. Compared to you, my consumption of power is much smaller. In terms of strength, you are only an ordinary human life form. How can you hold a candle to me—a noble, fifth-stage Sector Beast?”

Beddy was full of confidence.

“Break, break, break!”

The black mist cocoon was bulging repeatedly while vaguely showing the shape of a blade. Apparently, Luo Feng was using his blade to strike at the black mist cocoon in a frantic manner, yet no matter what he did, he could not force his way out.

“Hahaha…” Sector Beast Beddy was all the more arrogant as it watched Luo Feng struggling helplessly.

Within the black mist cocoon, Luo Feng might have appeared to be repeatedly hacking against the black mist cocoon while at the same time blazing his godly power to fight against the Sector Beast, but deep within his heart, he was not the least bit flustered. He kept his cool, as he was aware that the black mist cocoon was very tenacious; if he sought to break it open by force, it would only be possible if both parties were very different in strengths! He could forcibly break open Morosa’s black mist cocoon, but he could not do the same to the black mist cocoon set up by this fifth-stage Sector Beast, Beddy.

The best solution was to maintain the maximum consumption of godly power on both sides, and thereafter, strike with a full-force attack. This was the best way to break free and make his escape.

“The consumption of my godly power is only maintained at a relative rate, not a full-force outburst,” Luo Feng said to himself. “If not, my godly body would have expanded instantly to a height of one light year. With my mighty godly power, I can instantly annihilate this cocoon.”

It was a mutual consumption of power. Blood Ghost Blade was hacking the cocoon, but Luo Feng was maintaining it at a certain degree so that it was revealing adequate power to that degree. He did not want Sector Beast Beddy to become suspicious. However, this would also mean he was unable to charge out of the black cocoon.

“Beddy, as the strongest Sector Beast, how can it be that you are afraid to fight me in battle?” Luo Feng’s face was hideous because of all his angry roaring. He understood that Sector Beasts were able to detect everything that was happening within a short distance, so his expression was definitely visible to Beddy.

“If I am able to kill you so easily, is there any need to put forth the effort to fight you?” said Sector Beast Beddy.

Beddy was, on the contrary, quite at ease. Deep within its heart, its greatest opponent was none other than Milky Way Horde Leader! So long as it killed Milky Way Horde Leader, the other great beings in Universe Ocean were not worth even mentioning… It would become the king of the Sector Beasts easily.

“Break them all!”

Luo Feng was fearsome, going crazy within the cocoon. His blade ray was dazzling white like snow. Again and again, it hacked against the black cocoon.

We are both consuming one another’s power, thought Luo Feng. I have lost half, and it, too, has lost half. But at the moment, it is constantly devouring my godly power and has devoured almost 30 percent so far. The proportion that we are at now, upon comparison, can be seen as such… When I have consumed 80 percent, it will have consumed 50 percent.

Luo Feng was calculating. Although Sector Beast Beddy was constantly devouring his godly power, it still needed time to transform whatever it swallowed! Just like how Morosa required an extremely long time to transform everything it had devoured from one origin each time it swallowed one.

For one Sector Beast to feed on another Sector Beast—both being comprised of the same type of power—what was swallowed could naturally be transformed very rapidly. But to devour the power of another type, the transformation process was much more troublesome…

Eight to five! When Luo Feng had consumed eight parts of his godly power, the Sector Beast would have consumed five parts of its godly power. If this situation persisted…

In the blink of an eye, Sector Beast Beddy power was down by one-tenth. This left it in great shock.

“Why is he not dead yet?” Sector Beast Beddy said, staring at the black cocoon suspended in the distance. The random bulging on all sides continued, so obviously, Luo Feng was still struggling to break out to make an escape. “His godly body, even if he was ten million kilometers tall, ought to be used up by now. Something is wrong. He is only a human; how could his godly body get so big?”

Beddy did not understand. It might have conversed with Zhen Jia Emperor and Dragon Rock Ancestral God about this, but those two fellows had long been ostracized by the various races of Universe Ocean. They had not been to the World of Jin, either, so they were oblivious to any information regarding the third level of the godly body route. Of course, they would not have known that the moment a godly body reached the third level, it would become a limitless godly body.

Beddy might not have known anything either, but it could sense that something was amiss, so it did not dare to continue what it had started.

“Keep!”

Sector Beast Beddy’s two singular eyes were filled with reluctance. Far in the distance, the black cocoon was scattering countless threads and retracting them back into its body.

Luo Feng, garbed in his silver-white armor, stood in the distance. He had five pairs of wings outspread from his back and was holding onto his Blood Ghost Blade.

Luo Feng stared at Beddy. “Why are we not continuing?”

“You are indeed worthy to be called Universe Ocean’s Number One Master,” said Beddy. Now, all the more, Beddy did not dare to belittle this Milky Way Horde Leader. “The godly power you have as reserve far exceeds my wildest imagination. It seems that using such simple moves to kill you is simply impossible.”

With Blood Ghost Blade in his grasp, Luo Feng shook his head with a sigh. “I sought to destroy a good half of your power with this method. I did not expect you to give up so soon.”

“Just as I have guessed, this was only a ruse.” Sector Beast Beddy suddenly let out a low roar. “I can’t be bothered with anything else. I shall just crush you to death right away. That will do.”

A roar followed.

“Roar!”

The blood-colored secret engravings all over Sector Beast Beddy’s entire body suddenly lit up. Then, blood-hued halos started to appear all over its body. Its aura suddenly increased in strength as it charged at Luo Feng with a howl. It was extremely fast—so fast that its speed far exceeded Luo Feng’s.

Holding onto his Blood Ghost Blade, Luo Feng recalled something Morosa had once mentioned to him: “Master, a fifth-stage Sector Beast has acquired a portion of the origin of ‘Destruction.’ In other words, it owns the most powerful technique, Destruction. Even if it chooses not to execute this most powerful technique, its ordinary attacks will still contain the subtle profundity of Destruction. Thus, its power will be greatly enhanced.”

“Then I shall see for myself.”

Luo Feng blazed his godly power to its limit. Instantly, Wu Qi God was infused with some of his godly power.

Having transformed into a silver-white Wu Qi God, Luo Feng’s aura produced an instant outburst. He had already managed to activate the second stage of Wu Qi God, so within that short span of time, his power skyrocketed. All this time, he continued to hold his Blood Ghost Blade.

“Human!”

With its entire being bathed in blood-colored halos, Sector Beast Beddy’s left and right hands stretched out one after the other, as though each held an endless universe. Then the fingers on its right hand started to change one by one. Instantly, a whirlpool passageway appeared amidst the golden waves. Soon after, the fingers on its left hand also started to transform one by one, and another whirlpool passageway emerged.

The walls of the two whirlpool passageways were like mirrors that reflected everything from the outside world. Both passageways were intertwined with one another, becoming a mirror of one another. With both mirrors reflecting off each other, the endless world was reflected.

The two whirlpool passageways were intertwined with one another, yet they seemed to have given rise to an endless world.

“Reincarnation passageway!” Sector Beast Beddy initiated a propulsion with both claws.

Hua!

The two intertwining whirlpool passageways formed an endless world of reflections that emitted a bizarre aura. The world moved to enshroud Luo Feng.

“Huh? What profound mystery of the ‘Destruction of Origin’ is this?” Luo Feng said.

He immediately felt that this move bore a whole new sense of novelty. These two intertwining whirlpool passageways seemed to have given rise to a trillion spaces.

“Annihilation of space.”

Blood Ghost Blade, which Luo Feng had been holding safe within his grasp, seemed to change into fine willows. These willows seemed to do a dance of their own accord, which, in turn, brought about endless space ripples. The endless space ripples gathered and condensed, but in the end, they were all brought to a great, boundless annihilation.

Hong!

Luo Feng’s Blood Ghost Blade formed a vast expanse of nothingness; wherever it touched, the golden waves also transformed into nothingness.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

When the two intertwining whirlpool passageways collided against the oppressive force of this nothingness. Instantly, a loud rumble was heard. The two intertwining whirlpool passageways tried their best to advance over and over again, and the billions of worlds of reflections they unleashed brought about a tremendous outburst of power as they exerted their mighty impact over and over again.

The vast nothingness whipped up by Luo Feng’s Blood Ghost Blade was continuously exerting its oppressive force! Regardless of whether it was 1,000 worlds of reflections, 10,000 of them, or even 100 million, all were annihilated!

Hong!

The final two whirlpool passageways completely collapsed. The oppressive force over the void space persisted for another short area before it dissipated.

“What?” Sector Beast Beddy was stunned. “I am now at a disadvantage?” Sector Beast Beddy hesitated no more. “Go!”

Turning around, Beddy immediately took off and escaped with his speed skyrocketing as he moved. 100 times light speed, 1,000 times light speed…

Sector Beast Beddy was maintaining its Sector Light Domain while executing its blood burning technique. Then it executed the move Reincarnation Passageway, which it had acquired upon breaking through to the fifth stage because it had managed to partially comprehend the move of destroying the origin. The moves it was using were the most powerful moves it could use in the range of not causing any great impact on its strength.

Indeed, it possessed the ability to execute a more formidable technique—the most powerful technique, known as “Destruction.” It did not know why, but it was fully capable of executing it. Once executed, even a miniature universe could be easily annihilated. Yet, likewise, the price to be paid was hefty. A large amount of energy would be consumed upon execution. After all, it had just crossed over to the fifth stage and had yet to reach the top tier of the fifth stage! It was reluctant to execute this move yet.

“Escape!” said Beddy. “I shall escape for now. When my power reaches the top tier of the fifth stage, or even the sixth-stage, I will kill him. That won’t be too much longer, either. He has already become a true god. There is no way he can go any further. But I have more than enough room to go higher.”

Beddy may have thought this way, but in its heart, there was a trace of fear. This was the very first time it had been forced to flee!

To date, no one had ever been able to force it to the point of having to escape, yet Luo Feng had brought it to this sorry state.

“Stop.”

Luo Feng executed Endless Golden Ocean and “single thought void space.” At the same time, he pointed afar, and a nine-story Star Tower flew over right away, emitting a dazzling light. Its base was composed of endless darkness, which shrouded Sector Beast Beddy in the distance.

Hong! Long!

An endless black whirlpool crazily devoured Sector Beast Beddy.

“It’s useless.” Sector Beast Beddy executed its blood burning technique. The blood-colored secret engravings all over its body unleashed rays of light that enabled it to easily resist the Star Tower’s devouring.

“Seems like it is not enough.” Luo Feng shook his head and immediately brought back Star Tower. “Go!”

Luo Feng waved again, and a green, plant-structured treasure floated into view. Right away, millions of branches and vines spread out to fill the surroundings, rapidly obscuring an entire chunk of the world. Almost instantly, the faraway Sector Beast Beddy, who was attempting to escape, was enveloped by this treasure.

“I don’t believe you will be able to escape this,” said Luo Feng. Luo Feng’s eyes were filled with murderous intent. “Thousand Strands of Vines is acting in concert with Endless Golden Ocean and a single thought void space. If you are still able to escape, then something must be seriously wrong.”

With a single thought void space, Luo Feng was able to control time and space. Endless Golden Ocean fell under the category of domain=type treasures. And Thousand Strands of Vines was a spiritual weapon and was also a weapon that had the power to restrain. All three were automaton-type treasures! Among them, Thousand Strands of Vines and Pearl of Golden Ocean were commonly used by true gods of void space. These two wielded extremely strong powers. On the other hand, single thought void space was the weakest among the three.

When the three were superimposed… Sector Beast Beddy was trapped.

“Break open! Reincarnation Passageway!”

Beddy, who was trapped within the passageway, could feel itself being surrounded by the ocean, with time and space suppressing it. Far in the distance, countless branches and leaves were densely tangled around it, containing it within a sealed world. It was now inside this sealed world, with its entire body radiating blood-colored halos, trying its best to execute its attacks. Countless strikes were thrown against the numerous branches and leaves, but the branches and leaves were too strong and sturdy. There was no way to break free from them.

“Roar!”

Sector Beast Beddy raised its head and let out an angry roar. Thick veins were forced around its two necks as both its eyes flashed crazy madness.

No escape at all. Luo Feng’s abilities were more than enough to send it to its doom.

That was why he had to charge out now.

There was no other option. Only his most powerful moves were left. “You want to die?” said Sector Beast Beddy. “Then I shall grant you death!”

Sector Beast Beddy roared. Immediately, it executed its most powerful technique: Destruction…

Chapter 1459 -

Comprehension under

Destruction

After Sector Beast Beddy entered level five, bloody engravings had formed on his originally black skin. As Beddy screamed and performed his supreme technique “Destruction,” the engravings started to flow on the surface of Beddy’s body. Then they swam out of its skin and started to float behind it.

The giant bloody engraving picture floated behind Beddy. There were no longer any engravings on the surface of its body.

Hou!

An ancient scream rumbled, and the enormous engraving image behind Beddy started to gleam with radiant light. The image was like a skeleton, and the light it produced was like skin and flesh. They quickly clotted, forming the silhouette of a Sector Beast with two heads.

It was a Sector Beast formed by the engraving picture, and it was gleaming, putting out endless light.

“Destruction!” Sector Beast Beddy roared.

“Destruction!” roared the enormous Sector Beast silhouette behind it.

The two voices resonated with each other. The combined yelling made even Luo Feng’s soul tremble as he was watching it with single thought void space.

Beddy suddenly reached out its right hand.

Hua!

All five fingers were moving, triggering the space and time around them.

Hong! Long! Long!

An extensive, gleaming white whirlpool appeared out of nowhere. It was billions of times shinier than a star.

“Go!”

Beddy pushed it with its right hand, and the image of the Sector Beast behind it also pushed. The gleaming white whirlpool spun as it flew forward, destroying everything it touched.

Ang!

As the whirlpool portal moved forward, it was still revolving, and the power from its spinning could mince everything.

Peng!

The huge wall of branches and leaves crumbled and scattered. Countless vines were retracted. The giant, oval-shaped mass of huge vines, branches, and leaves dissipated, turning back into the dark green plant valuable, Thousand Strands of Vines.

The whirlpool portal seemed to be moving slowly. However, that was because of the illusion that time almost stopped. On the contrary, it was moving rapidly. After piercing through Thousand Strands of Vines, it charged at Luo Feng in the distance. There was a nine-level tower standing in the golden waves in the distance. Luo Feng had already entered Star Tower. Even though he was confident that he could resist the attack, Luo Feng still couldn’t afford to be reckless.

“Die!” Sector Beast Beddy gazed at Luo Feng in the distance, its eyes twinkling expectantly.

In Star Tower, Luo Feng watched the glowing whirlpool portal rushing at him.

“Destruction? Is this Destruction? This is the most powerful attack technique out of all the six levels of Sector Beasts, which contains part of the ‘destruction origin.’”

Luo Feng was thrilled. Weaker true gods would only feel that the power was immense and extensive; they wouldn’t have been able to discern the mysteries behind it.

As for Luo Feng, he could understand some of the mysteries! Even though he was also a true god, he was a true god who could create techniques at top-tier level 11, which meant he was already as powerful as ordinary true gods of void space! If he was willing, he could certainly morph his miniature universe to a higher level, becoming a true god of void space after that!

There was only one threshold to becoming a true god of void space. As long as someone was able to create techniques at top-tier level ten, they would be able to become a true god of void space, just like Teacher Origin.

As for Divine Eye True Master, Jue He True God, and Primal Chaos City Leader, they were only able to create techniques at top-tier level nine. It was exceedingly difficult for them to break through! Similarly, most universe masters could only create techniques at top-tier level five, and it was difficult for them to advance.

Luo Feng had become a true god after his godly body reached 100,000 times, which was more difficult than becoming an eternal true god… Besides, he had a solid foundation and had gained a lot when comprehending the evolution of chaos, so he was able to create techniques at top-tier level 11… Yet Luo Feng didn’t dare to become a true god of void space now!

Once he became a true god of void space, he needed to go transcend incarnations within a very short period of time. That meant he would lose the chance to resist the Sector Beasts, and when he was transcending incarnations, Sector Beasts could go and swallow his miniature universe. They would destroy the original universe, and the entire human race would go extinct. The earthlings and all Luo Feng’s family members would die. That was something Luo Feng wouldn’t allow to happen. No matter how powerful he was now, he didn’t dare to achieve a breakthrough. Instead, he remained at the level of a true god. It was the only way he would have enough time to fight the Sector Beasts.

“Is that the destruction origin? And the original universe is the life origin…” Luo Feng was mesmerized by this move. “That whirlpool portal represents part of the destruction origin, yet it’s so shiny and bright?”

The white and gleaming whirlpool portal coming at Luo Feng cast a reflection on his eyes. He kept discovering the mysteries of the whirlpool portal, and in the distance, his godly power avatar was studying and comprehending in the space of the black-striped stone pillar, where time moved ten million times faster, to improve himself.

“Destruction…”

He had never met the destruction origin before. He was a creature born in the original universe, so he was totally amazed by this move.

Hong!

Time was almost frozen, and the gleaming whirlpool portal suddenly hit the nine-level tower, blasting the entire Star Tower away.

“What an amazing move.” Luo Feng was thrilled. “That Beddy doesn’t have Wu Qi God, Shi Wu Wing, and Blood Shadow Blade. All it has is its own power, yet it’s still able to put out such power. If I didn’t have Star Tower, I would be at a severe disadvantage even if I could resist the attack.”

The whirlpool portal struck Star Tower. Luo Feng could clearly sense how powerful the move was, and he could immediately tell that he was able to resist it.

The prerequisite was that he had Wu Qi God and Blood Shadow Blade!

“Hide in Star Tower all you want if you’re such a coward,” Sector Beast Beddy said savagely. The enormous image of the Sector Beast behind it had disappeared while that bloody engraving picture merged with its skin.

Sou!

Sector Beast Beddy turned around and started to flee. It wasn’t stupid. Luo Feng could easily resist Destruction by hiding in Star Tower, so there was no point for it to keep fighting.

“You’re the most powerful Sector Beast, Beddy,” said Luo Feng. “Why are you leaving so soon?”

Star Tower quickly flew toward Beddy.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Both Pearl of the Golden Ocean and Shi Wu Wing were trying to control the golden waves and the time and space that were frozen in place. They were both constricting Beddy. Luo Feng was already terrifically fast under his limit, and Beddy was strictly suppressed, so they were getting closer and closer.

“Damn it.” Beddy looked ferocious. It was so furious that it was clenching its teeth.

It didn’t bother to separate its body, as it knew that if it did, those 99 bodies wouldn’t be able to resist Star Tower.

Sou!

Star Tower rushed at Beddy, getting closer to it.

“Beddy!” yelled Beddy.

Hong! Long!

A godly power wave immediately rushed out, enveloping Beddy, who was trying to run away. Although godly power itself couldn’t do much to slow it down, it was like tossing red-hot iron into water, and when the godly power ocean surrounded Sector Beast Beddy—

Chi! Chi! Chi!

The godly power and the power of the Sector Beasts kept consuming each other. Beddy was infuriated. It had never been suppressed like this in its life. Now, it understood that the godly power of Milky Way Horde Leader was much greater than he was, which was why he had dared to use that move.

“Do you really think you can kill me with that move?” Beddy looked at Star Tower with both its heads. “Come out and fight me if you dare.”

“Okay.”

A white being flew out of Star Tower.

Beddy was astounded. He hadn’t expected Milky Way Horde Leader to be brave enough to fly out of Star Tower.

Isn’t he afraid that I’m going to kill him? Beddy wondered, confused.

Beddy had been forced into a difficult situation and had almost decided to use Sector Light Portal to run away, as that was the ultimate means of escape. But once it was performed, it had to burn its own “sector,” reducing the level of its sector by at least one full level.

Beddy was a Sector Beast at level five, so if it performed Sector Light Portal, it would at least drop down to level four, which meant it would at least need to eat 30 Sector Beasts at level four to get back to level five. It wouldn’t resort to that move unless its very life was threatened.

“Beddy!” Luo Feng flew toward Beddy with Blood Shadow Blade in hand. “I respect you and will kill you in a fight.”

“Arrogant!” Beddy grew even angrier.

All of a sudden, bloody engravings appeared on its skin again and were spinning around its godly body. They flew behind its body, and it started to glow. The light quickly condensed. The bloody engravings were like the skeleton, forming a gleaming Sector Beast once again. Beddy and the Sector Beast image utilized the same move. They both reached out their right hands.

“Destruction!”

Beddy performed its most powerful move yet again. Though it also consumed a great deal of energy, it wasn’t as relentless as Sector Light Portal.

“Great.” Luo Feng stared at the radiant, gleaming whirlpool portal, trying to study it.

Why had Luo Feng come out to fight it? Because he wanted to witness the move “Destruction.” Destruction contained part of the destruction origin, and unless he was fighting a Sector Beast, he didn’t have any other chance to comprehend it.

“So, that’s how it works…”

While Luo Feng was watching it, his godly power body was analyzing it in a place where time moved ten million times faster.

Beddy glared at Luo Feng, clenching its teeth. “Die!”

Hong!

The gleaming whirlpool portal crushed everything in its path and flew at Luo Feng. It destroyed all it touched. Nothing could stop this whirlpool portal that represented destruction, yet Luo Feng stood still with his Blood Shadow Blade, concentrating on the whirlpool portal.

Luo Feng suddenly waved the Blood Shadow Blade in his hands. “Light wing.”

Blade light burst forth, and all of a sudden, an enormous white dragon with huge wings appeared. The dragon was over 100 million kilometers long. Its individual scales were distinct. Each scale was brighter than a star, and the eyes looked indifferent. It shook its wings, then struck the whirlpool portal with its head lowered.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

The whirlpool portal and the light wing dragon suddenly struck each other.

Luo Feng was as powerful as a true god of void space, and he had Wu Qi God, Blood Shadow Blade, and Duan Mie. The attack was just as powerful as a top-tier true god of void space and could have destroyed a miniature universe.

Chapter 1460 - Establish a

Universe with a Single

Thought

Hong!

It was like the destruction of the universe. Endless waves of impact howled, then spread out, sweeping in all directions. A portion of the incomplete whirlpool passageways that collided against the surface of Luo Feng’s Blood Ghost Blade sent him rolling and flying into the distance.

Pu!

The strong impact upon being hit caused Luo Feng great discomfort. Instantly, he spat out a mouthful of blood. After becoming a true god, Luo Feng’s blood had changed to the normal red color of ordinary blood.

“How mysterious. How very mysterious.”

Luo Feng was not the least bit angry. On the contrary, he was filled with delight. The first round, he had merely observed how Star Tower fought and resisted against Destruction. But this time around, he was wielding Blood Ghost Blade with his own hands and resisting Destruction personally. Now, he had a clearer comprehension of the “origin of destruction.” Naturally, he had gained much more than before.

As for that mouthful of blood he had spat out? Was it a big deal? It was nothing to worry about at all!

As for the consumption of his godly body, given Luo Feng’s massive godly body, it was negligible.

Sector Beast Beddy saw how Luo Feng was able to transform back into a streak of flowing light to charge at it after spitting out a mouthful of blood. It was flabbergasted. “You—you can resist that…?”

It had never occurred to Beddy that Milky Way Horde Leader would actually be able to resist Destruction upfront, without the help of any treasures such as the palace-type treasure, Star Tower.

“Is this your strongest move?” said Luo Feng. “It’s so average!”

Luo Feng tore his way through space. Blood Ghost Blade appeared in his hands once again. A blade ray sliced through space. His blade transformed into a gigantic, luminous winged dragon. The resplendent dragon, illuminated with white light, was gracefully flapping its wings as it directed itself towards Beddy. Then, without hesitation, it swooped toward the Sector Beast.

Sector Beast Beddy dared not forcibly resist. It was aware that this move Luo Feng had made was only one notch less superior than Destruction. If Beddy was hit by Luo Feng’s attack, the amount of power it would lose would almost be the same as what it required to execute Destruction once. Since the exchange of blows had started up until now, it had already executed Destruction twice. Beddy was merely a Sector Beast that had only just crossed over to the fifth stage—meaning to say that it had yet to reach the top level. If it continued executing this move, then at this rate, Luo Feng need not even lift a finger; Beddy would already be devoid of the strength to resist.

“Split!”

Sector Beast Beddy divided its body into 99 avatars, which then fled in all directions.

Ao!

The dazzling white dragon raised its head and, with a loud roar, was instantly disintegrated into 1,000 streaks of white light. These streaks of light burst out and shot toward the 99 avatars. Then, suddenly, those among the 99 avatars that were bombarded by the streaks of white light were dispersed to nothingness. Eventually, all that was left was the original body of Beddy on the run. Its original body had been hit by three streaks of white light, but Beddy was still on the run, escaping as fast as it could.

“Beddy, I am out now,” said Luo Feng, “yet you reject the chance to do battle?”

Luo Feng’s speed obviously surpassed Beddy’s, as he was rapidly closing up the distance between them.

Beddy did not make a single utterance in reply. All it did was try its best to escape from Luo Feng.

“How about another round? That move of yours—isn’t it meant to be very impressive?”

The closer Luo Feng was, the more he lamented the misfortune. From Morosa, he had learned that the number of ordinary fifth-stage Sector Beasts who were able to execute Destruction was not great to begin with. To execute the move, the amount of power exhausted was too great a toll to pay. Apparently, at the moment, Beddy was no longer willing to execute the move again.

“If only I could observe it a few more times, it would definitely be a great advantage for me,” Luo Feng complained to himself.

He had felt Destruction twice, and it was a shocking advantage he had gained. He felt that so long as he could digest the information a little more, he would be able to create a secret technique at the 12th tier!

It was important to note that every step forward was only going to get tougher… Besides, Luo Feng had set the reins and limited himself to the true god level, so technically, it was even more difficult for him to level up. True god, true god of void space, and eternal true god—how was he going to ascend to the different levels?

Firstly, through normal comprehension. Secondly, by observing the evolution of his own miniature universe!

If the miniature universe of a true god was too small, the level of insight that its evolution entailed would also be lower. Like the birth and destruction of the primal universe, it was so deeply profound that even countless great beings from the ancient civilization were eager to lay their eyes on it. This was the exact reason why Sitting Mountain Guest had wanted Luo Feng to make such a request from the willpower of the primal universe origin!

The miniature universe of a true god was the smallest, whereas the miniature universe of a true god of void space was slightly bigger. The internal evolution of a true god of void space involved a deeper level of insight. The miniature universe of an eternal true god was even more massive, and the internal operation was, thus, even more mystical.

He was constantly increasing! If Luo Feng achieved a breakthrough to become a true god, he believed that the improvement he would make in comprehending his miniature universe would be much faster. But he dared not, at the moment, because he needed to limit himself to the level of a true god!

“Since this is what you are going to do, then you only have yourself to blame,” Luo Feng said, letting out a snort. A wave of godly power came surging out and rapidly. It moved to bind Sector Beast Beddy, which was not too far away.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

His godly power and the power of Sector Beast were consuming each other crazily.

The two heads of Sector Beast Beddy turned to look at Luo Feng. It gave Luo Feng a dead stare, and through gritted teeth, it said, “Milky Way Horde Leader, I will remember this.” Sector Beast Beddy raised its head suddenly to let out a roar of reluctance. “Ah!”

Its roar sounded full of madness and sorrow. Along with the roar, its body was radiating rich, colorful lights. The most important “sector” within its body was burning like crazy. This was a recourse that Sector Beasts were most unwilling to take. For the most powerful of all Sector Beasts to have to make this choice meant that if it ever wanted to climb back up to its rank as number one, the difficulty would increase by tens of thousands of times.

“Not good.”

Luo Feng became aware right away that this Sector Beast, Beddy, wanted to execute Sector Light Passageway!

Buzz!

Behind him, five pairs of resplendent wings were outspread. They were all blazing to the maximum limit as they madly infused godly power into Shi Wu Wings. The fourth pair of wings were activated, and instantly, every secret engraving on this fourth pair of wings lit up dazzlingly. A single thought void space dissipated without further delay, while at the same time, a miniature universe with a diameter of up to 10,000 light years was born out of nowhere!

There was chaotic airflow everywhere. The golden waves that were formed by Pearl of the Golden Ocean made up only a small region of the entire miniature universe. This was the fourth stage of Shi Wu Wings: “establish a universe with a single thought”!

“No!” cried Beddy. The Sector Light Passageway, which was about to complete its formation, was suddenly oppressed by the power of the origin of Luo Feng’s miniature universe. Immediately, it collapsed. This brought a look of terror to Sector Beast Beddy’s face. It was reluctant. It went mad, shouting, “Another time, blaze!”

Hong!

The colorful light radiated by Sector Beast Beddy was much richer. It had only intended to lower down to the fourth stage, but now, it could not be bothered with anything else. Even if it had to be lowered to the third stage, it would accept its fate. So long as it could escape, nothing else mattered.

Hong!

Under the pressure exerted by the great origin of the miniature universe, Sector Light Passageway was unable to take form.

“This—this… This…”

Beddy was desperate. It did not have any power left for consumption. This was because, falling from the fifth to the fourth stage, the energy of the sector light produced was most abundant; from the fourth to the third stage, the energy that the sector light produced was much lesser. There was no need to even mention the energy produced for the next transition downward.

It had fallen all the way from the fifth stage to the third stage just like that, and yet was so easily subdued. Such a gap in ability—from resistance to total helplessness… This made it clear to Sector Beast Beddy that even if he were to add more sector light energy, anything he did would be useless.

“How is this possible?” said Sector Beast Beddy. “How can it be that I…? I have already crossed over to the fifth stage…” Beddy found this hard to believe. It looked around at the omnipresent, chaotic airflow, then back at the faraway Luo Feng.

Luo Feng merely smiled. He could execute the move of “establish a universe with a single thought” all thanks to Sector Beast Beddy. Before they had exchanged fire, he had still been a hair’s breadth away from fully comprehending the fourth stage of Shi Wu Wings! That tiny margin that separated him from complete comprehension hindered his success of breaking through. And yet, by witnessing Sector Beast Beddy execute Destruction (which was also the first time Beddy had used it), he had been able to gain an understanding, and thus, he could rapidly overcome that tiny margin of comprehension preventing him from learning how to activate the fourth stage of Shi Wu Wings.

And when Sector Beast Beddy executed Destruction the second time, Luo Feng had been able to comprehend even more. To establish a single thought void space! To establish a universe with a single thought!

Both were methods of controlling time and space. While the control utilized by “single thought void space” was considered limited, that of “establish a universe with a single thought” gave rise to control over a miniature universe. It was so strong that it was terrifying. To be able to establish a universe—how could Sector Light Passageway possibly break free?

“Accept death.”

Star Tower flew out from the middle of Luo Feng’s hand immediately. It hovered suspended in midair, and from its base, endless dark whirlpools were forming to enshroud Sector Beast Beddy in the distance.

Having fallen all the way back to a third-stage Sector Beast, Beddy was simply powerless against the dual controlling powers of Star Tower and Luo Feng’s miniature universe.

“You are so vicious!” said Sector Beast Beddy, bound by the dark whirlpool and compelled to fly toward the black hole at the base of Star Tower. It gave Luo Feng, who stood a distance away, a blank stare as it roared, “Milky Way Horde Leader, you are indeed the greatest obstruction in the way of the entire Sector Beast clan! However… no one has ever succeeded at stopping the rise of us Sector Beasts—no one at all! All who try to stop us will all be destroyed by us!”

Sector Beast Beddy stared daggers at Luo Feng.

“You… and all of your race,” said Beddy. “It’s destiny that all of you will be destroyed! This is your fate, and there is no way you can defy fate. Hahaha…”

Hong!

Sector Beast Beddy’s entire being exploded in a loud blast. Then, there was nothingness.

Luo Feng watched the entire scene from afar. Beddy had chosen to self-destruct. There was simply nothing he could do.

Back when Morosa had attempted to self-destruct, he had only been at the level of a second-stage pinnacle Sector Beast. Luo Feng had been able to rely on the suppression power of Star Tower, the power of the origin of his miniature universe, and the power of single thought void space. Superimposing these three layers, he had been able to keep Morosa under suppression so that it was unable to self-destruct. But even if Beddy had been downgraded, it would still have been at the third-stage pinnacle level, while he only had the power of the origin of his miniature universe, which he could use as suppression!

The ability to establish a universe with a single thought—when compared to ordinary true gods’ miniature universes—was undoubtedly much more powerful, but it was still a far cry from Luo Feng’s formidable and powerful miniature universe.

Beddy was annihilated!

Right before Beddy was annihilated, it would, unquestionably, transmit any information it desired to the other Sector Beasts to know (excluding Morosa) right away. That way, they could detect the news without delay.

The Sector Beasts’ nest fell into total darkness. Nearly ten million Sector Beasts were scattered all over. On normal days, these beasts would be fighting one another in life-and-death battles just for the chance to emerge as the final king of the pack. They were natural-born destroyers! Noble as they were, they had never looked up to any of the other races in Universe Ocean. In their eyes, even those in their breeding period, the various other races of Universe Ocean were merely food.

“I am Beddy!” read the message. “Universe Ocean’s Number One Master, Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng, has penetrated the heart of our Land of Darkness! He has already entered the heart of our Land of Darkness! I might have crossed over to the fifth stage. But I am still not his match. He is much stronger than any of us expected. All Sector Beasts, our moment of life-and-death crisis has truly arrived… When it comes to confronting this Milky Way Horde Leader, if we do not unite in the face of this enemy, we Sector Beasts will all perish at his hands.

“This is the greatest crisis we Sector Beasts face! All of us must face this crisis together! Abandon all fighting. Together, we must join forces to annihilate Milky Way Horde Leader! I have executed Sector Light Passageway, yet I am still unable to escape. I must self-destruct, but all my fellow Sector Beasts, bear this in mind… I, a fifth-stage Sector Beast, Beddy, have died at the hands of Luo Feng! And all of you have to kill him! Kill Milky Way Horde Leader! Kill Milky Way Horde Leader!”

Sector Beast Beddy’s voice resonated within the hearts of close to ten million Sector Beasts of the Land of Darkness. At that moment, regardless of how wild their ambitious minds were, every single Sector Beast fell silent.

Almost ten million Sector Beasts were densely crowded together, yet at that moment, there was an unprecedented silence, demonstrating that all of them were in unison.

Shortly after, they all came to realize that “Beddy,” whom they had all been able to detect earlier, had suddenly vanished.

Beddy had been annihilated!

“Roar!”

“Roar!”

“Roar!”

Tens of millions of Sector Beasts in the entire Sector Beast nest raised their heads and roared as one. Amidst their roars, was endless rage and madness.

“Kill Milky Way Horde Leader!”

“Kill Milky Way Horde Leader!”

“Kill Milky Way Horde Leader!”

One by one, the Sector Beasts were transmitting their own voices. Every single Sector Beast could hear the countless voices of its fellow Sector Beasts. Tens of millions of them were all transmitting their voices in sync, in the same rhythm and tone, all sending the same message: “Kill Milky Way Horde Leader!”

Chapter 1461 - Great

Extinction

All the Sector Beasts in the Land of Darkness were shocked and furious. First, that Milky Way Horde Leader had enslaved Morosa. And now, he’d killed Beddy, who had reached level five! Beddy had been a Sector Beast with the most powerful attack technique, “Destruction”! Yet he had been killed. Milky Way Horde Leader was definitely a threat to the entire Sector Beast race!

“We have to kill him.”

“We can’t let him get away.”

“We’re everywhere in the Land of Darkness. How did he get into the hinterland and kill Beddy? Even if he has the guidance of Morosa, he should have gotten lost and been unable to tell where he was upon entering the Land of Darkness.”

“With help from Morosa, it’s possible that he was able to reach the hinterland. All we need to do is kill him. We must surround him in a large group. We need enough Sector Beasts. Otherwise, with the help of Morosa, he can easily get away again. He killed Beddy this time. Next time, it might be Qi Ya and Long Zhuo. He’ll kill us all— from the strongest to the weakest.

“He has to die!”

“We can’t let him get away!”

“He killed Beddy right at where Beddy stood.”

Countless Sector Beasts were transmitting their voices. The minds of Sector Beasts worked just as quickly as those of true gods, so it was easy for them to keep contact with several million voices at the same time.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

Ferocious Sector Beasts were yelling and raging, and they all rushed toward the place where Beddy had died, especially the Sector Beasts who were nearby. They rushed there even faster.

“We have to find him so he won’t get away!”

Every Sector Beast understood. Milky Way Horde Leader was already more powerful than all the other Sector Beasts, and without him alive, the ultimate king of the Sector Beasts might not even be born. Besides, Milky Way Horde Leader had the guidance of Morosa, so it would be easy for him to get away… which meant they had to find him as quickly as possible. If they couldn’t find him in time, Milky Way Horde Leader might get away.

That meant they would all converge on Luo Feng, even if they might be killed. When faced with a common threat, the Sector Beasts who had been born for destruction would team up and stand against the enemy.

After the silver-armored Luo Feng killed Beddy, he immediately teleported and changed direction.

“Morosa,” he said, “mark all the Sector Beasts and tell me where they’re going.”

In Luo Feng’s miniature universe, the godly powered avatar was talking to Morosa. Morosa said with excitement, “Yes, Master!

Master, you’re so impressive! Beddy was already at level five, yet he was still killed by you. He couldn’t even run away.”

“Mark them now.” The avatar didn’t sound content at all.

This fight was not just about Luo Feng’s destiny; it was related to everything he guarded. For the earthlings and for his family members, Luo Feng would kill all the Sector Beasts, or he would die trying.

“I am trying to sense it.” Morosa sensed it as it was controlling the giant model of the enormous Land of Darkness.

On the model of the floating, giant oval, almost ten million spots of light were scattered throughout the Land of Darkness suddenly started to move all at once. Over one million started to converge on the area where Beddy had died. All one million-plus spots rushed in that direction. He could see that the spots of light were gathering; the density was increasing in that particular area.

The godly powered avatar looked solemn. He understood that each light spot represented a Sector Beast, and those one million-plus spots of light were converging toward the center. A million Sector Beasts were gathering in one place.

“Master, there are around 1.63 million Sector Beasts converging on you, master,” said Morosa. “All these Sector Beasts are at least at pinnacle level two, and after they burn their blood, they’re only slightly weaker than your teacher Primal Chaos City Leader. So many Sector Beasts… Master, you…”

Morosa was indeed concerned. Over one million Sector Beasts was equivalent to over one million true gods! And they weren’t ordinary true gods but true gods who used machine-type valuables at the same level as Blood Orchid Ancestor. If all those Sector Beasts attacked at the same time, even 100 true gods of void space would be annihilated.

“Only this many?” The godly powered avatar frowned.

“Master…?” Morosa was dazed.

Only this many? For over one million Sector Beasts?

“How do we get the other Sector Beasts to also converge?” asked the avatar.

“Master, you killed Beddy without even giving it a chance to run away, which terrifies many of the Sector Beasts,” said Morosa. “That’s why over one million Sector Beasts are gathering there! I’ve never seen them so serious. It would be very difficult to get more Sector Beasts to go there.”

The godly powered avatar nodded.

In the endless Land of Darkness, giant rocks were floating.

“It seems we need to get more Sector Beasts to come here. We need to make them realize that one million Sector Beasts are not enough to fight me! More will gather when they realize that.”

The more Sector Beasts, the better, thought Luo Feng. The more Sector Beasts there are, the more useful the origin will be.

Luo Feng was looking forward to it. The origin was unique.

The godly power contained in machine-type valuables by eternal true gods from the World of Jin dissipated the second it left the world. Apparently, the supreme laws had an influence on everything. However, the origin in Shi Wu Wing was in accord with the standards of the supreme laws, which was why Luo Feng was able to use it.

“Perhaps this origin is the one chance we have against the Sector Beast crisis!” Luo Feng exclaimed.

Without the origin, even he would feel hopeless facing all those ten million Sector Beasts. As for the origin, it was the maximum energies contained in the complete version of “Chaotic Golden Wings” (Shi Wu Wing) that could only be driven by eternal true gods. It was so powerful that even supreme true treasures (true god weapons) would break. Even Luo Feng would be killed by such power if he didn’t hide in Star Tower, not to mention Sector Beasts without any valuables.

“I can only perform the origin once, so I need to gather as many Sector Beasts as possible! It’s better that the Sector Beasts gather here all at once.”

The attacks from supreme beings could extend to 100 million light years. Luo Feng was able to do it. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to destroy an entire miniature universe. As for destroying a miniature universe, it was like hitting its origin. The origin of a miniature universe was at the exact center of that universe, and it wasn’t able to move, so the universe would be destroyed if the origin was annihilated.

“Let’s gather the Sector Beasts and make them converge as closely as possible… I’ll then release all the energies in the origin, sweeping across everything and destroying all the Sector Beasts.” Luo Feng considered, then added, “What I need to do now is to get the other eight million Sector Beasts to come here.”

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

1.6 million Sector Beasts were rushing in the same direction, all teleporting as far as possible. They were getting closer and sensing the ripples nearby. If they could sense ripples in an area, but there wasn’t a Sector Beast there, then it had to be where Milky Way Horde Leader was.

Hu!

A ferocious Sector Beast stood in space, looking around.

“I’ve already made it to the place where Beddy died, yet Milky Way Horde Leader isn’t here.”

“It’s only been a while,” said another. “Milky Way Horde Leader couldn’t have gone far. He must be around this area. It’s better for us to converge here, but we also need to keep our distance. Each of us can sense and control a particular area so that he won’t be able to escape anywhere.”

Those Sector Beasts were transmitting their voices. They had teamed up to form a fragile alliance. They kept their distance, and each was responsible for one area.

They moved inward, continuously narrowing the circle. The smaller the circle was, the less space there was for Milky Way Horde Leader to run away.

Time flew.

“Where is he?”

“Our circle is already small enough that there isn’t any space to get out. We’ll definitely find that Milky Way Horde Leader in this space.”

All the Sector Beasts were looking for him, yet no matter how they tried, they couldn’t find him anywhere. There was only one possibility!

“We spent too long getting into position. He must’ve gotten away before we could form our circle.”

“This must be the work of Morosa.”

“We can’t let him get away.”

“Even if he escapes the encirclement, he won’t be able to go far. He must still be in the hinterlands of the Land of Darkness.

“We need more of our brethren.”

“Seize him!”

The Sector Beasts kept transmitting their voices to each other, shocking the other Sector Beasts throughout the entire Land of Darkness. Those million-plus Sector Beasts were close to the area where Beddy had died, yet they still weren’t able to trap Milky Way Horde Leader?

Hua Hua Hua!

More and more Sector Beasts began to act, forming a circle that encompassed other areas. Those million-plus Sector Beasts that had already formed a circle started to teleport outward and moved forward, trying to hunt Luo Feng down. There were so many Sector Beasts, and if one of them found Luo Feng, all the others would rush toward him as well.

“Master,” said Morosa, controlling the giant model of the Land of Darkness. “There are around six million Sector Beasts coming at you, including the more than one million Sector Beasts from before. They are coming at you from all different areas, narrowing their encirclement. It’ll be very difficult for you to get out, Master.”

Sector Beasts were able to sense one another, but Morosa was far away, in the miniature universe of Luo Feng, so it couldn’t locate those Sector Beasts accurately enough. It was no longer able to provide Luo Feng with a reliable route to run away.

“I know.” The godly power avatar smiled. “Six million?”

Morosa looked at Luo Feng, confused. The more Sector Beasts there were, the happier its master was?

They couldn’t find me before, so they’re trying to look harder, thought Luo Feng. There are already six million of them, and there are only nine million Sector Beasts in total… Even if those on the periphery are coming, they can’t encircle me very well.

I can’t attract more by hiding. I need to kill them. I need to kill as many of them as possible so they know what a threat I am! I’ll force them all to come here… Those six million Sector Beasts acting now can’t trap me, and those on the periphery will become more anxious.

Hua!

The rock changed into a silver-armored man with five pairs of gleaming wings wide open.

Chapter 1462 - The Invincible

Luo Feng

Luo Feng teleported about the vast void space in the Land of Darkness right away.

“Morosa, mark all those who are likely to be third and fourth-stage Sector Beasts, especially those who are here to lay siege on me,” ordered the godly powered avatar.

Since he was going to carry out a massacre, then undoubtedly, he had to try his best to get rid of some of the more powerful Sector Beasts. The greater the number of powerful Sector Beasts being annihilated, the stronger the trigger would be for the other Sector Beasts, thus throwing them into greater fear and rage.

“Understood.” Morosa was extremely cooperative because he also desired for his master to kill all the other Sector Beasts. Then Morosa would become the final king of them all.

As for the question of whether it would feel any pity, how was that even possible?

Its foundation was entirely different. It was now completely on Luo Feng’s side. After being enslaved, it yearned for all the other beasts to die, and this feeling was mutual for the other Sector Beasts, who were also after its life most eagerly.

“Master, the one nearest to you is Meng Ta! It should be at the third-stage pinnacle, but of course, there is the possibility of a fourth stage. Back then, I exchanged blows during several fights with it.”

More and more Sector Beasts were rushing over to this vast region, and within a certain area surrounding this vast region, they were searching vigorously. But they did not know that among them, in one of the regions they were in, was a particular mountain where Luo Feng had previously hidden. Back then, all the Sector Beasts had been oblivious to his presence because he was using the method of being “Invisible and Formless” to stay out of sight.

Sector Beast Meng Ta was suspended in the void space as he surveyed the surroundings while sensing for ripples. Its hideous face was filled with rage. “Where exactly is he? Where exactly is that loathsome Milky Way Horde Leader? Six million Sector Beasts are here for the purpose of looking for him to besiege him. He has no way of escape, that’s for sure.”

Sector Beast Meng Ta was just about to teleport away to continue its search when, suddenly, a wave appeared.

Shortly after, within the surroundings of a particular region, everything in space was immediately frozen. Sector Beast Meng Ta was unable to teleport even if it wanted to.

“Huh?”

At first glance, Sector Beast Meng Ta spotted an emerging figure from afar. Amid the endless dark void space, a dazzling, silver figure was walking over. On his back were five pairs of resplendent wings. He looked at Sector Beast Meng Ta and stretched out his right hand, where a miniature nine-story tower appeared out of nowhere. This miniature tower flew out of his palm right away. Above him, the Pearl of Golden Ocean also appeared.

Hong! Long!

Golden waves appeared in his surroundings within a range of one light year; Star Tower also remained suspended high in the sky, radiating bright rays. The base of Star Tower formed an endless black whirlpool that enshrouded Sector Beast Meng Ta.

“Milky Way Horde Leader!” roared Sector Beast Meng Ta, feeling a mixture of delight, shock, and anger.

It was delighted because it had finally found Milky Way Horde Leader. It was shocked and angry because it was being attacked by Milky Way Horde Leader. It was currently only a third-stage pinnacle Sector Beast, but it only needed to devour a few more Sector Beasts to cross over to the next level: the fourth stage. However, it was, nonetheless, still only at the third stage pinnacle level. It was a far cry from Beddy, who had been a fifth-stage Sector Beast. When confronting Milky Way Horde Leader, Meng Ta was like a little lamb encountering a prehistoric dinosaur. The two were on completely different levels.

Hong! Long!

The base of Star Tower formed a dark whirlpool that completely contained Sector Beast Horde Leader under bondage. Furthermore, with Golden Ocean domain in the surroundings exerted extra pressure on it. There was simply no way it could put up a struggle to break free and make its escape.

“Milky Way Horde Leader, you are dead! So dead!” Sector Beast Meng Ta was going crazy as he roared, “Don’t even think of enslaving me!”

Hong!

With a loud roar, Sector Beast Meng Ta exploded right away.

Luo Feng observed the situation and shook his head. Every Sector Beast’s pride was beyond measure; they would rather die than be enslaved. Previously, Morosa had also chosen death over slavery, but it had been suppressed by Luo Feng at the time, so it hadn’t been unable to self-destruct. Hence, it had been enslaved. Of course, upon becoming a slave, its loyalty to Luo Feng came from deep within its soul. Such loyalty was heartfelt and absolute, so naturally, Morosa would always take Luo Feng’s side.

“Now that every Sector Beast knows where I am…” said Luo Feng. His eyes flashed with a trace of anticipation, but just as quickly as the look had appeared, it disappeared in a flash.

“Meng Ta has discovered Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader has appeared in Meng Ta’s area!”

“Discovered Milky Way Horde Leader?”

“Meng Ta is dead.”

The other Sector Beasts, who were madly searching for Milky Way Horde Leader, were all extremely agitated. Although they had received news that Meng Ta had been annihilated, they were not the least bit shocked to learn of it. Rather, what they felt was closer to anger and hatred. After all, even fifth-stage Beddy had met its doom at the hands of Luo Feng. For another Sector Beast to be annihilated by Luo Feng was unsurprising.

Now, in the heart of every Sector Beast, Milky Way Horde Leader was a lofty wall that posed a hindrance to their path. Any lone Sector Beast that collided with this wall would have its body smashed into pieces and its bones shattered. The ultimate outcome would always be death. Their only hope was to rely on a large number of Sector Beasts to besiege Luo Feng all at once.

“Milky Way Horde Leader’s whereabouts have been confirmed.”

“All Sector Beasts must act in concert—at least a few thousand acting together. Any Sector Beast acting alone, or even small groups of Sector Beasts acting together, will not stand a chance against Milky Way Horde Leader when their paths cross. It must be an extremely large number of us acting as one.”

“Unite.”

“Unite.”

When these Sector Beasts truly wanted to deal with this massive threat, which took the form of a human Milky Way Horde Leader, their level of discipline far surpassed any other soldiers.

Previously, in their search for Luo Feng, they had all scattered. Now, they realized that Luo Feng was in their vicinity (Meng Ta was one of their members, so for Luo Feng to kill Meng Ta, he had to be within their vicinity). And if they were all going to stick to their own area, then naturally, everyone could draw back and concentrate their forces so that Milky Way Horde Leader did not have even the smallest chance of escape.

Rapidly, they drew back their forces from all over! These Sector Beasts no longer searched at random. In a frenzy, they were heading toward the place where Meng Ta had been annihilated. This time, it was not like how Beddy had been annihilated. When Beddy had met his doom, all these Sector Beasts had been scattered all over, but now, they were relatively more concentrated.

“Gather.”

“Gather.”

As they teleported, the Sector Beasts were also very mindful as they sensed their brothers’ positions and movement ripples. Naturally, they got nearer and nearer to one another. Two Sector Beasts were rapidly acting in concert, and soon, two became three, and three became six… These Sector Beasts were teleporting as the crowd grew more densely packed. They were gathering like crazy. With the first teleportation, there were 50 in the pack acting together; after the next two teleportations, 50 increased to more than 100. The next few teleportations easily brought the number of Sector Beasts over 500. Very soon, the number reached 1,000.

After killing Sector Beast Meng Ta, Luo Feng immediately teleported to the nearest void space, where there was a gushing river. Without further ado, he transformed into river water and drifted along in the direction of the flow.

“Master, the Sector Beasts were starting to form groups that are constantly emerging. Now, the largest troop already has more than 100 Sector Beasts. Oh, now there are more than 300 of them…” Morosa was sensing the ripples as he rapidly transmitted the news to Luo Feng. “The largest troop now has almost 5,000 Sector Beasts acting in unison.”

“In the area surrounding this river I’m coursing along with,” said the godly powered avatar, “which is the biggest troop?”

“Right here.” Morosa guided Luo Feng to a small region that instantly lit up and expanded on the map. “This troop has now reached a total of close to 2,000 Sector Beasts. It is the largest troop within the region near this river. There are three other troops with numbers around 800, 1,200, and 1,000, respectively.”

Within the gushing river, a ball of river water suddenly flew out and condensed into a human form. Silver-armored Luo Feng, with his five pairs of wings spread out behind him, whispered, “I shall teach you all the meaning of fear. True fear. Then, the more fearful you all get, the more you all will cast aside all inhibitions to come after me.”

Whizz!

Without delay, Luo Feng teleported toward the troop with close to 2,000 Sector Beasts.

It was said that 10,000 people constituted a sea of people. Close to 2,000 massive Sector Beasts gathered together, when seen from afar, would have appeared so densely crowded that the evil aura they exuded would have been enough to instill fear in the true gods of Universe Ocean.

“Ripples.”

Close to 2,000 Sector Beasts could all feel the ripples.

Hua!

The surrounding space instantly froze.

“Dear all,” said a silver-armored man who appeared amidst the void space. Behind him, resplendent wings were outspread.

“Milky Way Horde Leader!” Close to 2,000 Sector Beasts were greatly shocked.

“Kill him!”

“Kill Milky Way Horde Leader!”

Of the nearly 2,000 Sector Beasts, none hesitated. Every Sector Beast was executing its own attacks in the craziest manner. At that moment, every single one was blazing its body with blood light. Apparently, they were all executing their “blood burning techniques” as they threw punches in Luo Feng’s direction, bombarding him with their attacks. Countless dazzling black lights shrouded the surroundings, and, of course, Luo Feng was also enveloped within their influence.

Shua!

With a single step, Luo Feng entered Star Tower, which appeared out of nowhere.

Peng!

The attacks from nearly 2,000 Sector Beasts were so forceful that Star Tower was thrown backward upon impact. Inside it, Luo Feng nodded slightly.

“2,000 Sector Beasts joining forces,” said Luo Feng. “The might of their power is comparable to the power of a fifth-stage Sector Beast executing ‘Destruction.’ The only difference is that a fifth-stage Sector Beast is limited to being able to execute Destruction only up to a few times, while 2,000 Sector Beasts, through combined efforts, could execute the same powerful attack up to 100 times without breaking a sweat.”

It was said that normally, 33 Sector Beasts would be required for the birth of a higher-stage Sector Beast. However, if actual combat occurred, the combined attacks of seven to eight second-stage pinnacle stage beasts would be comparable to a third-stage pinnacle Sector Beast. Apparently, the process of devouring other Sector Beasts for the sake of evolution would cost a great consumption of energy. ,.,.

“Hiding within Star Tower?”

Close to 2,000 Sector Beasts were looking at Star Tower, feeling frustrated. By now, every Sector Beast had heard some information about Milky Way Horde Leader and knew that he had a few very impressive treasures.

“Now, he is hiding. But he cannot hide forever. The number of Sector Beasts will only continue to increase. 10,000, 100,000, one million… By then, if all of us join forces and launch a single attack, Star Tower will shatter. Even if it does not shatter, Luo Feng, who is hiding inside, will die from the impact of that forceful vibration.”

The Sector Beasts did not continue to attack. Instead, they kept Star Tower surrounded by using their great numbers as they waited for the other Sector Beasts to join them.

“Milky Way Horde Leader is here.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader is here.”

The news spread. However, at the same time, as they were moving to surround Star Tower—

Buzz!

In the surrounding of an area of a few light years, a mighty miniature universe appeared out of nowhere. This miniature universe was filled with chaotic airflow. It was not considered very large, but its might was certainly not reduced by its size. The might of a miniature universe was determined by its origin, and the origin of this miniature universe—created using the method, “establish a universe with a single thought”—was Luo Feng himself.

More accurately, it was Luo Feng’s Shi Wu Wings!

Hua!

Endless golden waves instantly appeared within the entire miniature universe.

Luo Feng looked into the distance and could easily detect the location of any Sector Beast.

“Kill!”

This was the single thought in Luo Feng’s mind.

Hua!

The combination of the power of the origin of a miniature universe and the power of Golden Ocean had been able to suppress even the fifth-stage Beddy, not to mention these second-stage Sector Beasts. The mix of strength instantly dealt a crushing attack against 500 of the over 2,000 Sector Beasts. All at once, 500 gigantic palms emerged out of nowhere. Each palm violently grabbed hold of a Sector Beast. 500 gigantic palms, each with a mixture of power from the golden waves and the power of the origin, appeared and were instantly grabbing Sector Beasts.

Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu!

500 Sector Beasts were instantly crushed and shattered. Even the sectors within their bodies were shattered. Thus, the only possible outcome for them was death!

When unequivocal eternal true gods like Harmonious Snow executed their miniature universes with just a thought, they could kill tens of thousands of true gods effortlessly. While Luo Feng was still a far cry from them, to kill 500 second-stage pinnacle level Sector Beasts was still a breeze for him.

“Come again.”

500 gigantic palms appeared once again. Without delay, they caught hold of another 500 Sector Beasts. Over 1,000 Sector Beasts in the troop who were still alive but were instantly fearful.

A sudden grip!

Hua!

All were annihilated.

“No!”

“How is that possible?”

Their combined attacks were deadly, but alone, their defense was weak. This was the weakness of a group attack. It was also why the ancient civilization had put together a set of treasures like “Pu Luo Universe.” With tens of thousands of true gods within this Pu Luo Universe, their attacks would be strong. Undoubtedly, so would their combined defense.

These Sector Beasts did not possess any treasures. They were weak on their own. Thus, it was nature’s course that such a large-scale massacre was possible.

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

500 gigantic palms appeared four times in succession, and close to 2,000 Sector Beasts were all annihilated. Not a single one was left!

Chapter 1463 - The Final

Excitement

In the distant original universe, Primal Chaos City Leader stood in front of the rails of the godly palace, looking at the endless space. He couldn’t have been more concerned.

“Luo Feng,” Primal Chaos City Leader whispered.

All the races in Universe Ocean were peaceful and tranquil. Only Primal Chaos City Leader knew that Luo Feng had already entered Land of Darkness.

“Please, succeed.”

He was looking forward to it; it was the only thing he could do.

The Land of Darkness.

“Establish a universe with a single thought” and “Endless Golden Ocean” were both powerful group attack techniques. When they were combined, they destroyed everything and killed almost 2,000 Sector Beasts instantly.

Actually, Luo Feng had fully prepared himself before coming to the Land of Darkness. He hadn’t comprehended “establish a universe with a single thought” before, so he’d also brought a machine-type valuable, “10,000 Shadow Blade!” Now that he had made a breakthrough in his power, he was able to kill 2,000 Sector Beasts at once without 10,000 Shadow Blade.

“Fantastic!” Luo Feng stood in space, looking satisfied. This was his best moment since the start of the Sector Beast crisis. “All 2,000 Sector Beasts combined are only slightly stronger than a level-five Sector Beast, so no matter how powerful they are, they can’t do anything to Star Tower. And as individuals, they’re more defenseless than a level-five Sector Beasts. Haha! I’ll go after some other teams.”

There were three teams of Sector Beasts around him, and he intended to kill them all.

Luo Feng underestimated the effect of killing 2,000 Sector Beasts. This time, six million Sector Beasts were coming at Luo Feng, encircling him, and they were all confident that they could kill him. However, they were also cautious, allowing over 1,000 Sector Beasts to form groups. Yet, when they learned that Luo Feng was able to kill almost 2,000 Sector Beasts all at once so easily, they were horrified.

How was that possible? Nearly 2,000 Sector Beasts! If they had been killed one by one over time, they could understand it. Instead, they had been slaughtered with hardly a breath.

“We have to kill that Milky Way Horde Leader. If he keeps slaughtering us like that, all nine million of us will be annihilated!”

“We have to kill him.”

“Kill!”

First, the Sector Beasts were dazed. But then they were anxious and enraged. They all wanted Luo Feng dead as soon as possible!

The 1,000 Sector Beasts closest to Luo Feng were all in a panic. They had already known that all 2,000 Sector Beasts close to them were already annihilated at the same time, and there was already a consensus among the Sector Beast race.

“At least 10,000 Sector Beasts must act at the same time. Otherwise, they’ll be in danger.”

Those 1,000 Sector Beasts decided to separate after learning the shocking news. As long as they remained separated, Milky Way Horde Leader wouldn’t be able to kill many of them.

Weng!

The space was sealed.

“Too late!”

“No!”

All the 1,000 Sector Beasts were shocked. They knew it was too late for them to run away. The news that the 2,000 Sector Beasts had been killed all at once was so shocking that Luo Feng had already arrived by the time they had reached a decision.

“Milky Way Horde Leader.” The 1,000 Sector Beasts all looked ferocious. They glared at the silver-armored man walking toward them in the distance. He had five pairs of glowing wings on his back and was the greatest threat facing the Sector Beasts.

Traces of black light began to shine! All 1,000 Sector Beasts launched attacks against Luo Feng at the same time. Luo Feng only swung the Blood Shadow Blade in his hands, and a trace of a blurry blade shadow flew out. Just when that giant yet dimming blade shadow touched the black pillars of light, it easily annihilated all the pillars at the same time.

The combined attacks of 2,000 Sector Beasts barely rivaled “Destruction.” As for the combination of 1,000 Sector Beasts, Luo Feng could easily resist them!

“Die!” the silver-armored man said coldly. Then the gleaming pairs of wings on his back performed “establish a universe with a single thought.”

All of a sudden, the space around him turned into endless chaos airflow, and a golden pearl floated in front of Luo Feng. Huge, tumbling golden waves formed around all the Sector Beasts.

Hong! Long! Long!

The endless golden waves, together with the power from the universe origin, annihilated all 1,000 Sector Beasts after two shocks.

Luo Feng took a step, disappeared, and left to kill the other teams.

Inside Luo Feng’s miniature universe, Morosa was constantly sensing the situation in the Land of Darkness, and it was controlling all the spots of light on the model. It then exclaimed, “Master, you killed almost 2,000 Sector Beasts at the same time, which shocked the entire Sector Beast race. More Sector Beasts are coming for you now!”

“How many more?” The godly powered avatar looked forward to the answer.

He tried everything in his power to get as many Sector Beasts to come at him as possible. The more, the better!

“6.8 million—wait, almost 6.9 million now!” said Morosa.

“Not enough.” The godly powered avatar shook his head.

“Master, you annihilated another team. 1,000 Sector Beasts!” Morosa couldn’t have been more excited.

The godly powered avatar was staring at the spots of light on the enormous model. Meanwhile, Luo Feng’s original body was trying to kill as many Sector Beasts as possible. After only a short while, he annihilated all the Sector Beasts in a large area. Although the team of Sector Beasts near Luo Feng had already disbursed, Luo Feng had still managed to kill almost 10,000 Sector Beasts, marking a large area as Luo Feng’s own territory.

That kind of power horrified all the Sector Beasts.

“Master, more than seven million Sector Beasts are rushing toward the hinterland! More than seven million!” Morosa was excited yet worried, fearing that Luo Feng wouldn’t be able to survive this.

“Fantastic.” The godly powered avatar nodded. “However, it’s not enough.”

“Seven million already!” said Morosa. “There are only 9,200,000 Sector Beasts in total.”

“I wish they were all coming.” The eyes of the godly powered avatar gleamed.

Morosa didn’t understand why its master was doing this. It couldn’t think of any way its master could survive against so many Sector Beasts.

“Just follow my orders,” said the godly powered avatar.

“Yes.” Morosa stopped overthinking things, then said, “Master, although the Sector Beasts around you are crumbling and running away, those far from you continue to gather. They’re trying to combine ten teams into one. The number of Sector Beasts in each team is surging now. Each team has more than 10,000 Sector Beasts.”

“Oh? 10,000 Sector Beasts?” The godly powered avatar frowned. 10,000 Sector Beasts? If the attacks were powerful enough, they might even destroy the miniature universe he had just created, and such power would also be able to wipe out all the chaos air. If he used the origin, even a million Sector Beasts were nothing to him, let alone 10,000. However, without the origin, using only his own power, Luo Feng felt the pressure.

Luo Feng clenched his teeth. “10,000 Sector Beasts? So what? 10,000…”

Luo Feng wasn’t satisfied that there were only seven million Sector Beasts encircling him. Even if he was able to kill all seven million, the remaining two million were still powerful enough to destroy all the races in Universe Ocean, and he wouldn’t have the capacity to do anything about it!

“I have to get more Sector Beasts to come!” Luo Feng made up his mind. “A team of 10,000 Sector Beasts? I’ll keep killing them! I’ll kill a team of 10,000 to provoke more of them! I’ll get even more Sector Beasts to surround me.”

One versus 10,000? Luo Feng wasn’t sure about those odds.

However, he needed to put up a fight. If he was able to kill 10,000 Sector Beasts all by himself, it would terrify the entire Sector Beast race, and many of them would lose their minds. A great many Sector Beasts would be coming at him and trying to kill him after that.

Sector Beasts close to Luo Feng were all fleeing, effectively rendering the area as Luo Feng’s territory. However, outside that area, teams comprised of over 10,000 Sector Beasts were forming, and they were gathering from all around. The more teams of Sector Beasts there were, the less of a chance Luo Feng would survive.

“Encircle him.”

“Don’t give that Milky Way Horde Leader a chance.”

“We’re responsible for this area.”

Ferocious Sector Beasts flew side by side, crowded together. There were so many that they shrouded the view of the surrounding space. Each team had more than 10,000 Sector Beasts. Each was one million kilometers tall, and when over 10,000 of them got together, they covered all of space.

Hua! Hua! Hua!

Teams with large numbers of Sector Beasts soon arrived and surrounded Luo Feng at the periphery. They didn’t rush to get in.

“Huh?”

The large group of Sector Beasts now almost covered the entire region. They crowded the surrounding space—18,000 of them. All 36,000 heads turned to look in the same direction, their collective attention drawn by a ripple beside them. A silver-armored man with wings appeared with a smile.

“Sector Beasts,” the silver-armored man with wings said with a smile. “I declare, now, that you all have been eliminated from becoming the king of Sector Beasts.”

Hong! Hong!

The miniature universe and the endless golden ocean formed at the same time.

“Milky Way Horde Leader!”

All 18,000 Sector Beasts were infuriated. Luo Feng was too arrogant. All the Sector Beasts attacked at the same time, and traces of black pillars shot toward Luo Feng in the distance.

Suddenly, Star Tower appeared in front of Luo Feng out of nowhere, and he entered Star Tower.

“No matter how powerful and confident I am, I can just resist the combined attacks of 18,000 Sector Beasts,” whispered Luo Feng. “The combined attacks from 2,000 Sector Beasts can rival Destruction. 18,000 will be much more powerful than Destruction, reaching a whole new level.”

Hua!

Endless black light swept through everything, annihilating all the chaos air. The very space cracked. Nobody could have resisted this. Even the golden waves were destroyed. Eventually, those 18,000 Sector Beasts launched a combined attack, forming a giant black pillar of light that struck Star Tower.

Hong!

It was apocalyptic. The power could have destroyed ten miniature universes of true gods. Star Tower bounced back beneath that shock waves. Even the miniature universe created by Luo Feng’s “establish a universe with a single thought” crumbled.

Chapter 1464 - Scimitar

“Kill!”

“Kill Milky Way Horde Leader!”

The crowd of Sector Beasts covered space, and they rushed toward that bouncing Star Tower.

They were almighty! And they were ferocious! The power was so strong that even Luo Feng felt powerless before it. Even if Luo Feng created a miniature universe and Endless Golden Ocean at the same time. Faced with the absolute power advantage, Luo Feng wasn’t able to do anything about it even if they were weak at defense individually.

“I was being too arrogant.” Luo Feng remained in Star Tower the whole time. “I thought I would be able to kill all 18,000 Sector Beasts with all the skills I have. However, when there are so many more Sector Beasts, the power is totally different. I can easily kill 2,000 Sector Beasts at once, but I can’t even defend myself against 18,000 Sector Beasts.”

If he was more powerful, he could have immediately found his enemies’ weaknesses and killed them. That had been the case when Luo Feng had been fighting 2,000 Sector Beasts. He was just as skilled in attacks as those Sector Beasts. Besides, he also had many other techniques, so he could instantly kill all 2,000 Sector Beasts, whereas now, he was being crushed.

If their soul attacks are weaker, I can use my godly power, Luo Feng thought.

If he could turn into a godly power ocean one square light year wide and drown all the 18,000 Sector Beasts, the attacks from the Sector Beasts would be neutralized by the godly power ocean and wouldn’t gather.

But Luo Feng didn’t dare to use that method. Sector Beasts were creatures that were great at soul attacks, and even if they were only at pinnacle level two, they might have been just as great as Divine Eye True Master. If he turned into a godly power ocean, all those 18,000 Sector Beasts might perform soul attacks at once, hitting his godly power ocean and reaching the soul inside the Heart of True God.

Luo Feng didn’t want to risk it. Indeed, he had strong willpower, yet it was only slightly stronger than Morosa. If his soul was attacked by 18,000 Sector Beasts at once, it would be obliterated.

“None of the valuables and techniques work, and godly power won’t help, either. I have to create stronger blade techniques, or I need to fully comprehend the third level of Wu Qi God. Only after that do I stand a chance of winning.”

Luo Feng fled, as he was trying to create new blade techniques and the third level of Wu Qi God. He had felt “Destruction” twice when he’d fought and killed Beddy, and he had obtained some experience from that; he had even fully comprehended the fourth level of Shi Wu Wing. Luo Feng had already been able to create techniques at pinnacle level 11 during his fight with Beddy, and now, he was at level 12. All he’d wanted before was to exterminate all the Sector Beasts with the “origin,” so he hadn’t had the time or energy to create blade techniques at his level or study the third level of Wu Qi God.

“I have to be more powerful in order to stand a chance.”

Under the black-striped stone pillar in the distant Universe Boat, the godly powered avatar of Luo Feng was trying to create blade techniques and comprehend the third level of Wu Qi God under the effects of time that passed ten million times faster.

He had already reached an exceptional level of power, so he could create the blade techniques easily. However, the godly powered avatar failed to comprehend the third level of Wu Qi God, no matter how hard he tried.

“What was the Godly King of Jin thinking? I’ve already reached level 12, and if it weren’t for the Sector Beasts, I could’ve become a true god of void space already. However, I’m still not able to use the third level of Wu Qi God. Is it really a machine-type valuable for true gods? Even if it was created by you, Godly King, it shouldn’t be this powerful.”

Luo Feng had spent more than three years comprehending Wu Qi God while creating blade techniques, yet he had still failed to fully apprehend it. However, with his previous comprehension and the mysteries of “Destruction,” he had created a blade technique called “Scimitar.”

When the blade was drawn, its structure was an arc, so he had given it a simple name.

Although it had taken him over three years, he was in a place where time passed ten million times faster, so it had only been ten seconds!

The Sector Beasts were forming teams of 10,000 members. The plus side was, the team had become much more powerful, but since there were fewer teams, each team was much farther from the others than before, so even after ten seconds of fighting, other teams were still on their way there.

“What are you hiding in Star Tower for, Milky Way Horde Leader?”

“Is this the number one great being in Universe Ocean?”

“I thought you were so powerful. You killed Beddy! Don’t you dare to come out?”

All the cursing and laughing echoed in the space outside of Star Tower. Luo Feng looked outside through Star Tower, which was already surrounded by Sector Beasts. The 18,000 Sector Beasts occupied the entire space outside of Star Tower, leaving him no space to fly to.

“Get out?” Luo Feng whispered in Star Tower. “Not yet.”

None of the 18,000 Sector Beasts outside could see anything in Star Tower, and they couldn’t see Luo Feng, either.

“Huh?”

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. After only ten seconds, he had already created the best blade technique he was able to create, given his current level of power. Although he still hadn’t finished comprehending the third level of Wu Qi God, Luo Feng thought it might take him 100 times longer to actually finish comprehending it. If he spent much more time, another team of more than 10,000 Sector Beasts might arrive.

He couldn’t delay any longer! Time to fight!

If I succeed, I’ll provoke more Sector Beasts into coming here, thought Luo Feng. If I fail, then I’ll just be blocked by them. I’ll just hide in here, and I won’t go out. With time going by, there will be more and more Sector Beasts. Then I’ll deal with those seven million Sector Beasts.

It was either seven million Sector Beasts or more.

All 18,000 Sector Beasts blocked every direction around Star Tower. All of a sudden, a silver-armored being appeared from a side door at the base of Star Tower. He glanced around at all the Sector Beasts in front of him.

“It’s Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“He’s coming out.”

“Do it now!”

All the Sector Beasts in various directions wanted to take action, yet they didn’t rush to do it. Each attack used all their power, yet Luo Feng could hide inside Star Tower with only one step. They wouldn’t waste their energy, as Luo Feng was standing right beside the side door.

Shua!

Star Tower disappeared while Luo Feng became a godly power ocean ten billion square kilometers large, surrounding more than 300 Sector Beasts. The Sector Beasts were overjoyed to see the godly power ocean.

“Attack!”

Shua!

The godly power ocean disappeared while Luo Feng, clothed in silver armor, showed up again. He was already among the Sector Beasts.

Luo Feng glanced around the group of Sector Beasts in front of him.

“Die!”

All the Sector Beasts were stunned. They saw an enormous, blurry godly eye floating in space. It seemed to the Sector Beasts that everything had disappeared, and the terrific willpower shocks contained in that godly eye pierced their souls like blades. Suddenly, the 900 Sector Beasts closest to Luo Feng were hit directly in their souls, which rendered them in such agony that they blacked out.

This was “Godly Eye Secret Technique”!

In the past, Luo Feng had observed the operation of the universe and reached a life gene level of 100,000 times, thus becoming a true god. During that process, his willpower had also transformed, reaching the pinnacle eternal true god level.

Back when Luo Feng was only a universe master, he had used Godly Eye Technique when fighting Morosa. Morosa had experienced unbearable pain, but his combat strength hadn’t been hindered.

But now, things were different. For one thing, Luo Feng’s willpower hadn’t been as strong as it was now. And for another, Morosa had been one of the top-tier Sector Beasts at the time, wielding exceptional willpower. As for the Sector Beasts around him, at level two, they had relatively weaker willpower.

“Godly Eye Secret Technique!”

Just as Luo Feng performed Godly Eye Secret Technique, he waved Blood Shadow Blade in his hands.

This attack represented his highest accomplishment at this moment. It was based on four basic laws: gold, light, space, and water. It also contained part of the destruction origin. All of them merged together to form this move.

Hu!

A blade light flew out. It was certainly much faster than Luo Feng’s speed of flight, reaching one million times faster than light speed. The light gleamed platinum gold! It looked like a blade-shaped star but burned billions of times brighter, and it indeed had an element of Destruction. It also carried the eroding mystery of the gold.

Hua!

The gleaming blade light slashed at the 900 Sector Beasts closest to it. It was so powerful that it could rival Destruction.

The bodies of all 900 Sector Beasts that had been shocked crumbled, and the sectors inside their bodies cracked, killing them all.

“Be careful!”

“Attack!”

“Kill him!”

The rest of the Sector Beasts weren’t worried. They were superior enough that their attacks could be delivered with delicate precision; even with Luo Feng flying among them, it was still easy for the Sector Beasts not to hurt their companions as they attacked Luo Feng.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

6,000 light pillars appeared at the same time.

“Break,” said Luo Feng.

His blade light shone. The platinum-gold blade light struck, and after a massive sound, all those light pillars cracked and crumbled.

Luo Feng bounced away as well. However, more than 300 Sector Beasts around him were annihilated. They were still affected by the shock waves.

“He resisted it?”

“He’s only at a slight disadvantage in the face of 6,000 Sector Beasts?”

“He’s getting stronger.”

The Sector Beasts were terrified. Luo Feng was able to fight 6,000 Sector Beasts now! And as long as he remained in their midst, their attacks couldn’t be combined to fall on Luo Feng at the same time. After all, Luo Feng knew how to dodge them individually.

“Kill.”

Luo Feng used Godly Eye Secret Technique and the blade technique at the same time. He slaughtered the Sector Beasts, forcing them to run away. However, they were slower than him, and he had the ability to turn into an ocean and get among them again. They couldn’t get far.

“Milky Way Horde Leader has gotten stronger.”

“There were 18,000 Sector Beasts. After he killed 12,000 Sector Beasts, we all tried to run, but we were still hunted by him. Only 1,000 of us got away alive.”

“His blade technique is stronger than before.”

The news spread. All the Sector Beasts in the Land of Darkness were in a panic. More Sector Beasts started to hurry toward the hinterland, including those who hadn’t intended to at first.

They had to eliminate this threat! It was either Milky Way or the Sector Beasts!

Chapter 1465 - Hauling in the

Net

In their attempt to encircle and suppress Luo Feng, more and more Sector Beasts were stepping forth to join in the siege, and the number was getting so big that Morosa had started to tremble in fear. “Master, the number has reached 7.9 million.”

“This is quite effective,” said the godly powered avatar, revealing a smile.

“Master, even when you are pitted against 18,000 Sector Beasts in a fight, you are able to defeat them and send them into a frenzy as they try to escape. In the end, no more than 1,000 managed to escape.” Morosa was filled with admiration. “You are impressive beyond measure! Those Sector Beasts must have been scared out of their wits, but the fear instilled in them will compel them to go after your life at all costs.”

If they wanted to eliminate Luo Feng, their biggest threat, they had to annihilate his original body.

As for trying to destroy Luo Feng’s miniature universe? Even if they truly managed to destroy his miniature universe, Luo Feng would still be alive and kicking. The only edge his enemy would have gained over him was that he would not be able to become a true god of void space with the loss of his miniature universe. On the contrary, the Sector Beasts would rather hope that this Milky Way Horde Leader could quickly become a true god of void space and proceed to trying to transcend reincarnation.

“This region.” The godly powered avatar pointed toward the huge model. “Try your best to mark out all the troops here, then give me the numbers of Sector Beasts in these troops.”

“Yes, Master,” Morosa responded right away.

Numerals were being indicated on every group of consolidated spots of light.

“The nearest troop in our vicinity has a total of 12,000 Sector Beasts.” The godly-powered avatar nodded lightly. Right away, Luo Feng’s original body set off to where the troop was to annihilate the Sector Beasts.

A short while later…

“Master, many troops of Sector Beasts in your vicinity are rapidly retreating, and they were all scattering off in all directions as they escape.” Morosa promptly informed him. “Even if it is a troop composed of as many as ten to twenty thousand Sector Beasts, no one dares to fight against you anymore.”

“What a pity. I have only managed to finish off a few hundred Sector Beasts.” The godly powered avatar shook its head. “If these troops are all scattered when they escape, it will be difficult for me to pull off a large-scale massacre.”

When the Sector Beasts congregated in one area, one strike by his blade would be equal to a few hundred Sector Beasts gone. How satisfying could that be?

But now, all those Sector Beasts were disbursing in every direction. It would be much more troublesome trying to kill them.

“Now, all the Sector Beasts are gathered in the peripheral area of this region. Some troops have already reached 100,000.”

Morosa was feeling nervous because of the growing numbers. It could clearly see that the model was densely covered with spots of light that had formed many circles that surrounded a particular region. And Luo Feng was in that region.

“The number of Sector Beasts rushing toward the heart of that piece of land is still increasing!” Morosa shouted in a shaky voice. “It is almost 8 million now!”

The godly powered avatar merely observed in silence.

“Master, there are 8 million Sector Beasts there now!” Morosa’s two singular eyes dilated and became round, as if ready to pop out of their sockets.

It did not know…

In the face of this encirclement and suppression by a tremendous number of Sector Beasts, Morosa did not know how its Master intended to deal with them all. One against 10,000, Luo Feng had achieved! His combat power had definitely attained the pinnacle level of a true god of void space, but he was, after all, only a true god. While he might not have lost out to a true god of void space in terms of power achieved, he still had to rely on a series of supreme treasures like Wu Qi God, Shi Wu Wings, and Blood Ghost Blade to unleash that level of combat power.

However, this was almost approaching Luo Feng’s ultimate limit!

100,000 Sector Beasts—how could he deal with so many? And how about one million Sector Beasts? One concerted attack from a million Sector Beasts was not inferior to an attack from an eternal true god. No matter how formidable Luo Feng was, he was merely a true god. The combined abilities of eight million Sector Beasts would be comparable to an attack by a top-tier great being amongst all eternal true gods.

“The ‘origin’ is the energy an eternal true god manages to bring out by relying on the complete Chaotic Golden Wings,” Luo Feng said. “A part of it had the combat power at the level of ‘the holy.’ Unfortunately, this combat power could only be used once. There will be nothing left after one use. However, it can draw the attention of eight million Sector Beasts. That is practically a miracle. It might be difficult to attract even more Sector Beasts, but I still have to try my best.”

With Morosa’s guidance, Luo Feng managed to sneak attacks on the other smaller-scale troops, as well as the scattered, idle Sector Beasts. This was why there were Sector Beasts dying from time to time. This greatly angered the entire Sector Beast race, and that anger coerced more and more Sector Beasts into participating in the plan to besiege Luo Feng.

Regardless of how angry they were, their roundup plan did not show a trace of disorder. They were constantly gathering and building up their numbers. They were stationed in concentric circles surrounding the region where Luo Feng could be found. Even if they were met with sudden attacks, they maintained their positions.

“Even if hundreds of thousands of Sector Beasts were to be sacrificed, for the sake of the entire race… their deaths shall be worthwhile.”

“No one will be able to stop the birth of the final king.”

The Sector Beasts were like a well-oiled machine. They were born to destroy. When there was no external threat, they would fight one another, but when a true threat came along, they would join forces, as though they all shared one big, common brain. There would not be any forms of internal conflict, and they would not fight one another. There would be incomparably precise coordination. Every single one of them would rather sacrifice itself than allow itself to be shaken by any external threat.

Even Luo Feng’s heart palpitated at their level of ruthlessness.

“Exactly what kind of life form has the Universe Ocean given birth to?” Luo Feng shuddered. “A being that represents destruction. Even in their breeding period, they are much too strong.”

A great being had to not only wield strong powers but, more importantly, have a powerful soul. The ruthless nature of these Sector Beasts ensured that none would be the least bit shaken when a sacrifice had to be made. This fact alone subjected Luo Feng to an intangible pressure.

Luo Feng was trying his best to execute any methods possible to influence the Sector Beasts. He needed to shake them up.

One after another, the Sector Beasts were dying. Yet, on the whole, they were still not bothered at all. They continued to gather. There were already more than five million Sector Beasts who had successfully joined the troops stationed around Luo Feng.

“Start advancing.”

“Start advancing.”

“Start advancing.”

The various troops of Sector Beasts had all started to advance slowly. From the Land of Darkness, more than three million Sector Beasts were rushing over at their fastest possible speed.

If these Sector Beasts continued to take risks over and over again, Luo Feng would have the means to continue to kill them all over and over again. But these five million Sector Beasts that had gathered around him were pressing in on him from all directions, albeit very slowly.

With such open and dignified mannerisms, the Sector Beasts made Luo Feng feel strangely embarrassed. He did not know where to start. They were too stable. The Sector Beasts were displaying such aboveboard behavior that it felt like a form of joint intimidation imposed upon Luo Feng.

But what could Luo Feng possibly do? These five million Sector Beasts were divided into more than ten troops. Luo Feng did not dare to put his head through the noose. Yet, no matter how he hid himself, with the circle around him was continuously shrinking in size, closing in on him. Ultimately, he would not be able to escape— unless he made himself “Invisible and Formless”!

This time around, Luo Feng’s true motive was not to escape but, rather, to execute his “Great Extermination” plan. He had already reached a juncture at which it would be impossible to hide… If he did choose to hide, what would the Sector Beasts think? They would look around and wonder, “What? We have done such a flawless job in our encirclement. How did Milky Way Horde Leader manage to disappear again?” Such a scenario would reveal Luo Feng’s greatest trump card.

Precise like a machine, without a trace of error—everything had been taken into consideration by the Sector Beasts. They continued to close in on Luo Feng most menacingly, causing his area of activity to continuously shrink as well.

“We have discovered Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“He is already trapped by us.”

A troop of around 500,000 Sector Beasts had mightily surrounded Star Tower.

Within Star Tower, Luo Feng was shaking his head helplessly. Everything was proceeding as he had planned, but without being “Invisible and Formless,” he was, indeed, only left with the alternative of being entrapped. There was simply no escape for him.

“It’s nobody’s fault,” said Luo Feng. “They are innately strong, with boundless potential, and their tremendous numbers are enough to bring a shock to anyone. When faced with threats, they stay united. No wonder this is regarded as a crisis that even the willpower of the origin is so scared of.” Luo Feng shook his head.

“Attack!”

“Attack!”

500,000 Sector Beasts were keeping their distance away Luo Feng, but shortly after, they executed their attacks at the same time.

All at once, a powerful blow, formed by 500,000 Sector Beasts was transformed into a beam of light capable of annihilating everything. The beam bombarded Star Tower, and the impact sent Star Tower tumbling off at one million times light speed, howling as it flew off. Within the tower, all Luo Feng could feel, was some vibration, with some of his godly power being consumed.

“Indeed, this is worthy of being a treasure used by the Godly King.”

Luo Feng was safe within Star Tower. This was only 500,000 Sector Beasts. If there were really eight million, treasures like the Boat of Mausoleum would likely have been shattered and destroyed when attacked! However, Star Tower was different. Even attacks by the Godly King would not be able to do much harm to this tower.

“Milky Way Horde Leader is hiding inside Star Tower.”

“Star Tower is impenetrable. It simply cannot be destroyed.”

“We have arrived, too.”

Another mighty troop of Sector Beasts arrived, bringing the number of Sector Beasts surrounding Luo Feng to a total of nearly one million.

Time flew by. Troop after troop arrived to join the assembly of Sector Beasts. Every time a new troop arrived to join the assembly, the Sector Beasts would try to combine forces to launch an attack, and Star Tower would be tossed about like a ball at playtime. Again and again, Star Tower was bombarded and tossed far away, but regardless of how their numbers increased—from one million to two and three million, and eventually to five million—the Sector Beasts were unable to do any harm to Star Tower.

The number of Sector Beasts that had gathered was slowly increasing, and there were Sector Beasts rushing over in great numbers from all around.

5.3 million, 5.6 million, 6 million…

“This is really a great number.”

Inside Star Tower, Luo Feng looked at the outside world. The Sector Beasts had massive bodies, and with several million of them gathered in his surroundings, the entire void space was obscured. The area affected could almost have been regarded as endless.

“No matter what, they are unable to break Star Tower with their attacks,” Luo Feng said to himself. “I think they are just waiting. Waiting for all the Sector Beasts to gather before they join forces to execute their strongest attack. This is the only way they are willing to put everything to an end. If that attack is still unable to harm Star Tower, they will probably opt to force Star Tower into some other dangerous land.”

The core region of Tilted Peak Sector had many dangerous lands. For instance, dangerous lands like Three Extreme Abyss. The moment Star Tower fell in, it would not be able to come out.

The Sector Beasts would face some problems, though. For one thing, those dangerous lands were outside the Land of Darkness. If they intended to get Star Tower out of the Land of Darkness, that would require a very long time. Plus, those dangerous lands might not truly be able to trap Milky Way Horde Leader. Therefore, the Sector Beasts were not fully confident in this option. This was why they would not choose to attempt to throw Luo Feng into a dangerous land unless they were down to their last alternative.

“Master, the number of Sector Beasts has already reached 7.6 million.” Morosa was able to detect everything happening all the time, and its face was filled with worry. “Previously, a total of more than 8.3 million Sector Beasts turned up. Soon, all of them will be here. Master, how exactly do you intend to escape this place?”

Morosa was very flustered. If Luo Feng died, he would die too. Then he would not be able to become king.

“7.6 million already?” The godly powered avatar laughed. “Soon, it will be time to haul in the net.”

Regardless of how calm he usually was, Luo Feng, who was inside Star Tower, was finding it a little difficult to contain his surging emotions. Looking outside at the endless sea of Sector Beasts, he saw them looking over at his Star Tower, which was ten stories inside and out. They had surrounded and trapped him within the circles they formed. All of them wore fearsome and angry looks. “Eight million.” Luo Feng whispered softly. “8.1 million. 8.2 million.” Finally, Luo Feng’s eyes glowed. His eyes glowed so brightly that they were frightening. “All are gathered here!”

All the Sector Beasts supposed to be involved in the roundup plan this time around had arrived. Soon, with concerted efforts, these Sector Beasts were going to launch one of the largest-scaled bombardment against Star Tower.

At this moment, Luo Feng’s eyes flashed with an incomparably crazy look. He was waiting—waiting for those Sector Beasts to finish with their collective attack. Then, amidst the chaotic waves of impact, he would execute his “origin.”

“My humans,” said Luo Feng. “The pulse of my Earth, my family, teacher… All of these. Everything that is more precious than my life itself… at stake in this one final fight!”

With slightly bloodshot eyes, Luo Feng outspread his wings behind him. The origin was now infused into the Shi Wu Wings.

Chapter 1466 - Extinction

The Sector Beasts were scattered everywhere in space. There was no end to it. They were all glaring at Star Tower in the distance!

More than 8,300,000 Sector Beasts had gathered here. Apparently, Luo Feng killing Beddy and 18,000 other Sector Beasts had already made them anxious! They couldn’t stand it anymore, and they sensed that if they didn’t kill Milky Way Horde Leader, he would kill them all in the future! And then the enslaved Morosa would be the ultimate king. They would rather die to prevent that from happening.

“Let us attack Luo Feng altogether. All eight million Sector Beasts.”

“We have to perform our greatest strengths this time… If we still can’t kill that Milky Way Horde Leader, we can only push him into some of the Lands of Extremis in Tilted Peak Sector.”

“We have to succeed.”

All the Sector Beasts transmitted their voices using their hearts. They glared at Star Tower in the distance. They were full of grudges, as they couldn’t damage Star Tower no matter how.

“Prepare.”

“Prepare.”

“Prepare.”

Orders were given, and all 8.3 million Sector Beasts were divided into 20 teams. They transmitted their voices and rearranged themselves so that the attacks could be combined as one! All the teams started to make attacks one by one based on their distance.

Hong!

One could see that almost 300,000 Sector Beasts had bloody light burning on their bodies. Then countless light pillars shot out. At the same time, they redirected them so that they could gather with others. Soon, all the attacks from those Sector Beasts merged together. The gleaming black pillars rushed at Star Tower from the back.

“Attack!” And then, other teams also performed attacks one by one. Their attacks rushed toward the black light pillar!

Two teams! Three teams! Four teams! All the attacks rushed in the same direction and merged. They were all rushing forward as one, so that they wouldn’t waste any of the energies from the combined attacks.

The black light pillar kept flying forward, moving ten million times faster than light speed. The farther it flew, the darker the color it became. And then, it became hollow!

The hollow broke the space and flew. All the attacks from the Sector Beasts merged into the hollow.

All the Sector Beasts glared at Star Tower. They were all looking forward to this. They hoped that under this attack, Milky Way Horde Leader would be killed. They didn’t want to push him into a Land of Extremis. After all, there was still a risk that Milky Way Horde Leader would make his way out.

Luo Feng, inside Star Tower, faced a terrific attack. He was holding his breath, waiting. Waiting for the right moment to exercise his plan for “Great Extinction.”

“Master.”

Inside Luo Feng’s miniature universe, Morosa was very anxious. Its master was surrounded by more than eight million Sector Beasts.

“Luo Feng…” said Primal Chaos City Leader, watching eagerly.

Only Morosa and Primal Chaos City Leader were worried about Luo Feng’s safety. As for other great beings in Universe Ocean—including the earthlings, Luo Feng’s wife Xu Xin, his sons Luo Ping and Luo Feng, his parents, and True Yan—none of them knew what was going on here. They didn’t know that this was the moment that would determine the fate of all the races in Universe Ocean.

Luo Feng’s eyes looked confident and unyielding. The destructive, apocalyptic, silent “hollow” collided with Star Tower. It was silent as it struck Star Tower. It aimed to erode and damage Star Tower, but Star Tower was indestructible; it couldn’t do anything about it. The energies contained in the “hollow” burst out and splashed everywhere.

Hong!

The result was a massive, destructive clamor. The shock waves spread everywhere, and Star Tower bounced away into the distance.

“How did it go?”

“Did Star Tower crack?”

None of the eight million something Sector Beasts could see anything. The shock waves were so strong that they annihilated the space, giving them no sight. And they couldn’t see anything that happened at the center of the explosion.

Just as they were feeling anxious about the result, Luo Feng was trying to control Star Tower and slow it down.

“Freeze.”

Under the burning godly power, Star Tower finally stopped. It turned around. The spreading shock waves were being weakened, and the time and space around them began to stabilize. And then, the Sector Beasts in the distance could clearly see everything that had happened.

Hua!

Star Tower suddenly grew to nine light years tall. A giant being, who was also nine light years tall, stood in front of Star Tower. He wore gleaming silver armor, and the five pairs of silver wings on his back were wide open, covering the endless space.

“The fate of billions of races in Universe Ocean!” whispered Luo Feng. “The fate of the humans! The fate of the earthlings! The fate of the people I love! Everything that I guard with my life…”

Luo Feng, who was nine light years tall, opened his wings. His eyes were filled with hope as he whispered, “This is the moment!”

All eight million-plus Sector Beasts clearly saw the silver-armored giant that was nine light years tall. They were furious that Milky Way Horde Leader was still alive, yet they were joyful that he had finally stepped out of Star Tower. Also, they were amazed that Milky Way Horde Leader had become so enormous.

“Kill him.”

“Attack again!”

The Sector Beasts tried to reorganize themselves. However, Luo Feng wouldn’t give them a chance this time. Just as his body became nine light years tall, Luo Feng waved the wings on his back and infused the “origin” with his burning godly power.

“Die out!” Luo Feng whispered, but his voice sounded absolutely cold.

Either the Sector Beasts died, or everything he defended died!

Kill all the Sector Beasts!

The nine-light-year-tall, silver-armored giant waved the five pairs of gleaming wings on his back, and just as the eight million-something Sector Beasts were about to attack, they were stunned. All of a sudden, from the edge of the white wing above all the other wings, a mesmerizing light shot out.

Endless traces of blade light! They were like flowers, and they were incredibly fast. They immediately flew across a vast area, covering the region. At that moment, there seemed to be flowers raining down, falling on each of the Sector Beasts’ bodies.

Chi!

Against the beautiful flowers, the bodies of Sector Beasts were slashed easily. As soon as they were touched by the flowers, they were lacerated—including the sectors within their bodies.

Beautiful… Silent.

All of space went silent. There weren’t any voices.

A mighty, eternal true god was bestowed such a top-tier machine type valuable in the ancient civilization, and he had triggered the highest level of the Chaotic Golden Wings, storing his energies in the “origin.” There were tons of great beings in the ancient civilization, and to survive, that ancient being had stored as many energies in the origin as possible so that he could survive in battle longer. Even though Luo Feng had consumed some of the energies in the origin, they still rivaled all the energies in the body of that ancient being, as it had taken him a long time to store so much energy.

At that moment, they all exploded.

From the edge of the sixth wing, “White Wing,” a blade of light flew out. It was so powerful that it could have rivaled the power of an attack from some of “the holy.” It was certainly much more powerful than the “hollow,” the combined attack from all eight million Sector Beasts. Before that terrific attack, everything was turned into empty space, including sound.

Eight million Sector Beasts were scattered across an area of several square light years. Now, they were surrounded by the endless, beautiful blade light. It was mesmerizing and perfect, and those blade light flowers were reflected in the eyes of all the Sector Beasts.

Beautiful? No! They were horrified!

All eight million-plus Sector Beasts were terrified. They were facing an attack that they couldn’t handle whatsoever. It was an attack that could only happen when an eternal true god used a top-tier machine-type valuable. It was an attack that stemmed from so many energies that they were terrified and desperate!

However, no matter how desperate and terrified they were, they were still Sector Beasts! Sector Beasts who were born for destruction!

Hou!

“No.”

“Kill!”

All the Sector Beasts were struggling with all their power. Some of them performed attacks, some performed Sector Light Portal, and some attempted to flee… However, Luo Feng, who was nine light years tall, waved his wings. An area of several square light years in front of him was like a beautiful picture, and it crumbled instantly. The beautiful picture, which was several square light years in diameter, was annihilated.

Everything was annihilated. Everything turned hollow.

The endless blade flowers swept across the area of several square light years, and they kept marching forward until they rushed out of the Land of Darkness. They rushed into other Lands of Extremis in the core area of Tilted Peak Sector. They only vanished after being gone for a long time.

Luo Feng didn’t need to know how far the energies went—the energies that had been stored in the “origin” for so long and had been suddenly let out all at once. The only thing he needed to know was that those 8.3 million Sector Beasts that had previously been invincible were completely wiped out under that awesomely beautiful attack.

It was like using a towel to wipe something up. Everything was wiped out, and no one was left alive!

It was so powerful that even Luo Feng was thrilled, even after learning a lot about the ancient civilization and speculating about other aspects. However, the most significant factor for him was being happy and excited.

Luo Feng’s giant, nine-light-year-tall body shuddered with exhilaration.

“Teacher.” The first thing Luo Feng did was to connect to the virtual universe using his godly powered avatar in the original universe. “I did it! I did it!”

Luo Feng couldn’t have been more excited.

As for the less than one million Sector Beasts scattered throughout the periphery of the Land of Darkness, they could clearly sense that all eight million-plus Sector Beasts were killed all at once. They were first dazed, then horrified.

Chapter 1467 - Catastrophe

The 450,000 Sector Beasts were scattered, teleporting and moving forward from the main mountain of Tiled Peak Sector. Luo Feng knew that he couldn’t stop them now. No matter how powerful he was, he didn’t have ten million bodies, and the best he could do was kill one or two Sector Beasts. As for the other Sector Beasts, they could certainly make their way into the vast Universe Ocean.

“Kill!” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Although he couldn’t stop them, he would still try to kill as many as possible!

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Luo Feng kept teleporting, moving closer to one of the Sector Beasts. A blurry miniature universe was formed, and a giant palm was formed by chaos air, crushing the poor level-two Sector Beast. After a short while…

“Ai!”

Luo Feng stood at the top of Tilted Peak Sector, looked around the region. He shook his head. “I can’t stop them.”

The first 450,000 Sector Beasts rushed out, and so did the second batch of Sector Beasts. Luo Feng tried everything he could, but he was only able to kill five Sector Beasts. Compared to the 900,000 Sector Beasts, it was nothing.

“All 900,000 Sector Beasts have rushed out of Tilted Peak Sector and entered Universe Ocean.” Luo Feng looked solemn. “It’s going to be a huge problem now. They really stuck together and all rushed out. I’ll have to see what I can do about it.”

Luo Feng shook his head and started to teleport, hurrying back to the original universe.

Luo Feng didn’t have enough options. He had known that there was a chance the remaining Sector Beasts would rush out after his mission. But he didn’t have a choice! If he hadn’t slaughtered all those Sector Beasts but let all of them fight each other, it would have only taken a short while before a Sector Beast at level six was born.

Beddy had been at level five. Level-six Sector Beasts had ten million bodies, and it was very difficult to kill them. That would be a real catastrophe!

He had to act in advance. He had killed more than eight million Sector Beasts all at once, and that had been the best-case scenario, although this “best-case scenario” was still a disaster to all the races in Universe Ocean.

This was indeed a disaster he had never encountered before. Yet now, there was still a chance they could survive this. With Luo Feng’s power, he was able to fight 10,000 Sector Beasts by himself. As for the Sector Beasts, there weren’t even any level-five Sector Beasts. It was likely that they could survive that catastrophe.

Luo Feng was teleporting, and he teleported faster than Beddy at level five! While all the Sector Beasts were scattered and rushing toward the races of Universe Ocean, Luo Feng was rushing back, as well. He knew that he couldn’t stop all 900,000 Sector Beasts, so he held a meeting with all the races in the virtual universe.

On the floating godly palace, true gods sat down, while Primal Chaos City Leader and Luo Feng sat at the top. Below sat many true gods. All the true gods from all the powers in the original universe had gathered here, such as the demon race and the bug race. Clearly, the only chance they could survive this was to side with the humans.

“Everyone.” Golden-caped Chaos and white-caped Luo Feng sat up top. The white-caped Luo Feng looked down. “I’ve been to the Land of Darkness by myself.”

Everyone was stunned.

“The hive of the Sector Beasts?”

“How did it go, Milky Way Horde Leader?”

Everyone was worried. Nine Remoteness True Master, Space Beast Ancestor, and the others were all looking at him. As for the other true gods, they were quite worried.

The white-caped Luo Feng said, “It’s a good news, bad news situation. The good news is, the number of Sector Beasts in the hive is decreasing. When I entered the hive, there were over nine million Sector Beasts, and even the weakest one was as powerful as the Sector Beast that attacked us in Universe Ocean.”

What Luo Feng had just said terrified and shocked all the true gods below. Even Luo Feng was intimidated, not to mention them.

“However, the ways of the universe are fair,” said Luo Feng. “We have a chance to survive. Fortunately, I obtained a valuable that could only be used once! I attracted more than eight million Sector Beasts to surround me, and I killed all eight million at once.”

“What?”

“More than eight million Sector Beasts at once?”

“What kind of valuable was that?”

All the true gods were shocked. Luo Feng, however, was indifferent. He didn’t care what those true gods thought—shocked, suspicious, craving that valuable, or speculating whether Luo Feng was able to use that valuable again. In all of Universe Ocean, Luo Feng was definitely the top great being! And he was much more powerful than everyone else. The human race was also definitely the top race!

“The bad news is,” said Luo Feng, “900,000 Sector Beasts survived in the Land of Darkness, and all of them have left the Land of Darkness. They were approaching Universe Ocean… I myself am not powerful enough to stop all 900,000 from leaving. I think in at least one day, there will be Sector Beasts arriving at the miniature universes from the first universe era.”

“A day?”

“900,000 Sector Beasts in Universe Ocean?”

“Well…”

All the races were flabbergasted. It was a complete nightmare. All the races in Universe Ocean were panic-stricken from only one Sector Beast, and now there were 900,000 of them?

“The first universe era is doomed, and so is the second universe era.”

All the true gods now realized the truth. They were from the original universe, so they could use the original universe and the universe portals of their respective miniature universes to help them all. However, those from the first and the second universe era were left helpless.

Even the original universe was terrified by the prospect of facing 900,000 Sector Beasts. What were they supposed to do?

“Everyone,” said Luo Feng. “I’ve already given you the news. Go prepare yourself. I’ll also spread the news to the first universe era and the second universe era. They should at least know about it in advance.”

The news spread immediately.

It was not just Luo Feng; the other true gods from the original universe also spread the news. The first universe era, the second universe era, Purple Moon Holy Land, and Eastern Emperor Holy Land all received the news.

“This…”

All five true masters of the Divine Eye clan gathered. They looked at each other, wanting to say something, but they didn’t know where to start.

“We’re doomed.”

“We’re doomed.”

“900,000 Sector Beasts. Just one Sector Beast is able to swallow miniature universes in a short time. If there is a large group of Sector Beasts, our miniature universes will be annihilated instantly, which means everyone living in our miniature universes will be killed as well.”

All five true masters were heartbroken. They would have rather died than let their entire race go extinct. However, there was nothing they could do about it now.

“You four!” Divine Eye True Master yelled. “Leave your miniature universes now and get as far away as possible so those Sector Beasts can’t find you. Then you four can survive. As for me, I’ll try to approach the Sector Beasts to see if they’re willing to accept me. If they are, there’s a chance our Divine Eye clan can survive.”

“Divine Eye, I’ll do that. You four can leave.”

“Teacher!”

The five true gods started to argue. No matter what, the true gods who ran away would be able to survive, but those who chose to stay might actually die! Even if they could succeed, the individuals would have a tragic destiny. The original mind had already sent a message through the Ancestral God School, stating that turning to the side of the Sector Beasts was a pathetic thing to do.

“I’m one of the eight great overlords in Universe Ocean, so I’m of the greatest use!” yelled Divine Eye True Master. “This is my final decision.”

The other four true gods looked at each other in pain.

“Yes.”

After only several minutes, the other four true masters left their miniature universes and started to flee.

Inside Purple Moon Holy Land, Purple Moon Ancestor was stunned by the news.

“9… 900,000 Sector Beasts?” He was walking in the palace by himself. As for the other great beings, he had already told them to leave. “What should I do? If hundreds of thousands of Sector Beasts consume my miniature universe at the same time, I won’t be able to resist for long.”

Purple Moon Ancestor couldn’t have been more anxious.

“If my miniature universe is destroyed, I won’t have any chance anymore. All my hope will be lost. As for my race, they’ll be gone forever. Why is Milky Way Horde Leader so useless?”

The first universe era, the second universe era, and the two holy lands received the news.

The first universe era and the second universe era had lost all hope, as it was difficult for them even to help each other, so there was no way they could resist 900,000 Sector Beasts all at once! As for the two holy lands, they were relatively large, and they were much more resistant, so it would take a long time. When it came to the miniature universes of true gods, they could be easily finished in a short time.

“Fortunately… Fortunately, I’ve chosen to side with the Sector Beasts.” Nine-Headed Demon Master sat on the throne, feeling relieved. “Although I am now only a slave of the Sector Beasts and have lost my freedom, my fate in the future could be worse. But at least it will be better than theirs. They’ll soon die, but my race can live much longer. In the future, I can even try to transcend incarnations. If I can transcend incarnations, there might be a miracle so that I can escape from beneath the control of Sector Beasts.”

Nine-Headed Demon Master was looking forward to it.

In the space outside the miniature universe of Nine-Headed Demon Master…

Shua!

A winged, silver-armored man appeared. It was Luo Feng, who was rushing back from Tilted Peak Sector as quickly as possible. He had taken a detour and passed by the miniature universe of Nine-Headed Demon Master.

Luo Feng looked at the miniature universe in the distance and smiled coldly. “Sector Beasts need to ask their slaves questions face to face.”

Only Sector Beasts could communicate via their hearts; their slaves couldn’t do that. Morosa had to meet Nine-Headed Demon Master, Dragon Rock Ancestral God, and Zhen Jia Emperor directly anytime it needed to ask them questions.

“I won’t give you any chance to leak any information.” Luo Feng knew that Nine-Headed Demon Master would be staying in his miniature universe, waiting for the Sector Beasts.

“Die.”

Blood Shadow Blade showed up in his hand.

“Destruction,” when performed by a level-five Sector Beast, was strong enough to destroy a miniature universe, and Luo Feng’s supreme blade techniques were already just as powerful as Destruction.

Chapter 1468 - The Cruelest

Moment

Luo Feng looked afar at Nine-Headed Demon Master’s miniature universe. On his body, he wore Wu Qi God, which was instantly propelled to reach its ultimate limit, and the powerful force was directly transmitted to Blood Ghost Blade in his grip.

“Destroy!”

Blood Ghost Blade lit up!

An incredibly dazzling, white-gold, arc-shaped blade of light—almost as long as one light year—flashed mightily across the void space and slashed the membrane wall of the distant miniature universe. Soundlessly, a crack appeared on the membrane walls of the miniature universe. Then the blade of light flew off horizontally toward the origin of the miniature universe.

The origin would be right in the middle of the miniature universe.

“Huh?” On his throne, Nine-Headed Demon Master’s expression registered a drastic change. He was greatly taken aback. “What is —?”

The mighty blade of light was incredibly fast. Its speed far exceeded 100 million times light speed. It was important to note that the speed at which the Godly King’s corpse drifted was suspected of being able to greatly exceed 100 million times light speed. The attack speed of that blade of light was naturally much faster. Even though the diameter of the miniature universe was quite large, it was estimated that it would not take more than half a day to fly to where the origin was.

Everywhere that the blade light passed by, a crack would appear on the surface, and a great number of life forms living within those spaces would be annihilated.

“What a terrifying blade of light!” Nine-Headed Demon Master was shocked and furious. “It must be Luo Feng. It must be him!”

The Sector Beasts would not attack him. And the other great beings from the various races of Universe Ocean were simply incapable of achieving something like this. Only Luo Feng could possibly accomplish this. The only thing that Nine-Headed Demon Master had not expected was that Luo Feng would be so terrifying.

“I cannot let him destroy the origin.” Nine-Headed Demon Master absolutely would not allow such a thing to happen.

Shua!

Nine-Headed Demon Master teleported right away. He boarded a golden battleship, which quickly expanded to a length of one light year. Then it appeared in the peripheral void space of one of the surfaces of the affected spaces, blocking the path on which the white-gold blade of light was advancing.

“I am not going to believe that you can destroy this true god level treasure!” Nine-Headed Demon Master said through clenched teeth.

Even a true god of void space would be unable to destroy a true god’s weapon, let alone a battleship especially able to block off material attacks.

“It’s coming.” Nine-Headed Demon Master held his breath with apprehension.

Hong!

The dazzling, white-gold blade of light slammed and crashed right into the golden battleship. There was a sudden vibration as the arc-shaped blade exploded right away and transformed into an endless shock wave that swept outward in all directions. Suddenly, all the surfaces in the surroundings seemed to become bubbles that burst and disintegrated into nothingness in split seconds. The countless life forms in these spaces were annihilated before they even had the chance to react.

At the same time, the battleship, upon being struck, was overwhelmed by the tremors and thrown far into the distance at high speed.

“Huh?” Luo Feng’s brows furrowed as he stood suspended in the void space outside the miniature universe. “Seems like I still need to get in there.”

Luo Feng drove Star Tower right into the miniature universe, crashing into its membrane wall to cause it to fall apart. Then, right away, he charged inside. Teleporting repeatedly, he made his way deeper into the miniature universe at top speed.

“Freeze.”

Nine-Headed Demon Master, in its tumbling battleship, immediately realized that Star Tower had forced its way in and was teleporting about. It became so frightened that it wasted no time in manipulating the space in his miniature universe so as to prevent Luo Feng from teleporting.

“Humph!” Luo Feng merely snorted coldly. If he hadn’t been rushed for time, he could have flown over at high speed to where the origin was and smashed it to nothingness with one strike! But now, with 900,000 Sector Beasts entering Universe Ocean, time was not a luxury he could afford to waste on Nine-Headed Demon Master. All he could do was execute his trump card.

“Establish a universe with one single thought!” A sharp glint flashed in Luo Feng’s eyes.

At present, Shi Wu Wings, with the “origin” as its core, would bring its energy to undergo a transformation. Then it would execute the fourth level of establishing a universe with one single thought. It was considered to truly be an automaton-type treasure!

Buzz!

A vast miniature universe was born instantly with a diameter as wide as 10,000 light years! When the origin was not being used, Luo Feng would find it an arduous task to execute this move, and the miniature universe would not be able to get so big. But at this moment, it could reach a diameter of 10,000 light years.

At times when there was no origin, the might of the miniature universe that Luo Feng displayed exceeded the might of a miniature universe of a true god, not to mention now.

“Move!” With a single teleportation, Luo Feng covered a distance of close to 50,000 light years.

His Shi Wu Wings were the core of this miniature universe. When the wings changed location, the miniature universe naturally changed, too. The so-called “universe membrane wall” was, in fact, not worth a mention. Regardless of whether it was the primal universe or the miniature universe of a true god, it was only a small matter when the membrane walls were bombarded and broken, as they would soon be naturally repaired.

The membrane walls were only the equivalent of a boundary! This was the boundary that the power of the origin could influence. The power of the origin could spread into areas within this boundary, but outside this area, the power of the origin could not affect anything.

When Luo Feng teleported, his miniature universe naturally followed suit.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Every time he advanced, it was a distance of 50,000 light years, so within a short time, a few million light years had been covered. This only enhanced Nine-Headed Demon Master’s fear. He was no longer bothered about his miniature universe, as he had quickly boarded his battleship and escaped. But he knew that if Luo Feng caught up with him, it meant certain death.

“Destroy.”

Luo Feng wielded his Blood Ghost Blade. The dazzling golden blade light sliced through the faraway origin that was set amidst a vast, chaotic setting. The origin was trying its best to resist, but it was still being bombarded and blown apart. All of the space within the entire miniature universe had collapsed, and all the living beings were annihilated. Only Nine-Headed Demon Master was alive—panicking and escaping in a frenzied manner.

“Escape?” Luo Feng retracted the miniature universe that Shi Wu Wings had created and teleported quickly, chasing after Nine-Headed Demon Master.

In less than two minutes…

“Milky Way Horde Leader,” Nine-Headed Demon Master said, trying to explain himself. He was filled with fear within its battleship. “I was left with no choice. I did not want my entire race to be annihilated, and I also…”

Luo Feng gave him a look of indifference.

Star Tower appeared and remained suspended high above. Right away, from the base of Star Tower, an endless darkness shrouded Nine-Headed Demon Master. An infinitely huge miniature universe appeared.

After confining Nine-Headed Demon Master in Star Tower, Luo Feng speedily made his way back. On the way, he made use of “Divine Eye technique” to force Nine-Headed Demon Master out of his battleship, thereafter annihilating him without much difficulty!

Divine Eye technique was an attack on the conscious mind. A palace-type treasure, even one as strong as Star Tower, would not be able to put up a defense against such an ethereal kind of attack on the conscious mind.

Primal universe, the territory of the humans, Milky Way Holy Land.

Numerous gigantic doors of universe passageways were scattered all over the surroundings of Milky Way Holy Land as they remained suspended in void space. Every door of a universe passageway represented a miniature universe.

“Rise!”

“Rise!”

Various true gods were there. Some were gigantic, green plant-type life forms. Some were true gods in the form of long, winding beasts. Some were towering, mountain-type life forms. All the true gods from the primal universe had arrived at Milky Way Holy Land and constructed their universe passageways amid the surroundings. This way, help could arrive at any miniature universe in the fastest possible time.

In the past, true gods had not dared to enter other miniature universes because the moment they entered another miniature universe, their lives—and their deaths—would be under the control of the other party.

But now, things were different! The power of the origin of a miniature universe was limited, it was still inferior to Luo Feng’s technique of establishing a universe with a single thought. In the past, true gods had not owned automaton-type treasures; many had not even owned palace-type supreme true treasures, which naturally made it easy for the power of the origin of a miniature universe to kill a true god. Even with a palace supreme true treasure, true gods were still easily suppressed for eternity, and escape was impossible.

But now, the true gods were more powerful, and they also had automaton-type treasures. Even the power of the origin of a miniature universe would not be able to exert any oppressive force.

“Milky Way.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader.”

When Luo Feng appeared, all the true gods who had constructed universe passageways greeted him right away. There were even some who naturally responded with traces of deference. Within Universe Ocean, it had always been the great beings with physical power who reigned supremacy! With Milky Way Horde Leader’s power, he would undoubtedly gain great respect. Moreover, he now represented the hope of the various races. Who would dare ignore his presence?

“Attention, all.” Luo Feng looked around at the large group of true gods. “In the face of this crisis, all of us from the primal universe must unite. It is very rare for humans to have huge godly bodies, but most of you here do have huge godly bodies. When it comes to confronting the Sector Beasts, we will need to rely on any help all of you can render.”

It was true. Among the human race, those who became true gods were those who were almost universe masters a trillion centuries prior. There was also a portion of newly appointed true gods who had emerged after that. These were talents like Fire Dome True God.

Because humans normally had small godly bodies, even if they had the ability to divide bodies, it was hard to come by individuals with large godly bodies. As for the other life forms—like the mountains and the trees and plant types—they were naturally endowed with exceptionally large godly bodies.

“We will all try our very best.”

“We shall fight this battle to our deaths.”

One by one, the true gods responded. Luo Feng nodded gently. His expression did not ease up a bit. There was simply no way to find these responses reassuring.

“Luo Feng.” Suddenly, streams of flowing light were seen from a distance. Instantly, the lights descended, and Primal Chaos City Leader, Nine Remoteness True Master, and several other true gods appeared.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng approached the group to extend his welcome.

“Just as you have expected,” Primal Chaos City Leader said solemnly, “the Sector Beasts have started to attack the peripheral miniature universe of the first reincarnation era. Such a vast and mighty sea of Sector Beasts… There is simply no way we can stop them.”

Luo Feng remained silent. Of course, he knew. By relying on Morosa, he knew everything about the Sector Beasts. Yet, even if he knew, what could he do about it?

“Milky Way Horde Leader, please save my Skeleton race.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader! Oh, please save the people of my Rampaging Clan.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader…”

One after another, the true gods were begging for help.

When news broke about miniature universes from the first and second reincarnation eras being attacked, the true gods from these two reincarnation eras went into a frenzy and went about begging for help. Even those whose miniature universes had yet to be attacked were starting to seek help. However, the human race, as well as the various races from the primal universe, did not send out a single army to help!

“Sorry. There’s nothing I can do. Dear all, there is no stopping this. It is better for you to all run for your dear lives.”

Luo Feng replied most courteously, but the cruelty embedded in his words made everyone from the first and second reincarnation eras despair. Regardless of whether it was Luo Feng, Primal Chaos City Leader, or Nine Remoteness True Master, there was only rejection. No grounds for discussion!

“This is the cruelest moment for all of Universe Ocean,” Nine Remoteness True Master said in a low voice.

Even Primal Chaos City Leader could only say, “This is… a calamity!”

Luo Feng merely looked into the void space far in the distance. He knew that in that direction, there was another miniature universe belonging to the Skeleton Race, and at that very moment, it was being devoured. There was nothing he could do about this.

He could only watch it all happen, and there was nothing he could do.

“Skeleton Master, what will become of our Skeleton Race?”

“Almost finished.”

Outside a particular miniature universe, a few thousand Sector Beasts were scattered all over the place, and a black fog shrouded the whole region, with streams of distorted light rays penetrating the void space. At the moment, these few thousand Sector Beasts were devouring a particular miniature universe altogether, causing its origin to be devoured at an extremely fast rate—so fast that the true gods of the Skeleton race were filled with fear. A few more minutes was all that would be required, and the entire miniature universe would be completely devoured.

“I am Skeleton Master! One of the eight heroes of Universe Ocean,” announced Skeleton Master. “I am willing to pledge my allegiance to you, Sector Beasts, but please, I beseech you all to let my Skeleton race go.”

And with that, Skeleton Master sincerely expressed his willingness to seek refuge with the Sector Beasts.

Chapter 1469 - Release

Teacher Origin

A ferocious Sector Beast gazed at the skeleton life form in front of it. “Skeleton Master? Stop!”

All the thousands of Sector Beasts were able to communicate via their hearts, and they all stopped eating right away.

“According to our plan, we should at least take one slave. Zhen Jia and Dragon Rock don’t know any new information at all.”

“Just take this Skeleton Master.”

“Take him.”

All 900,000 Sector Beasts transmitted their voices and reached a consensus.

“If you’re willing to side with us,” said the black, ugly Sector Beast, “I’ll give you a chance.”

Skeleton Master looked a bit bitter, but he still showed gratefulness. “Yes,” he answered respectfully.

All of a sudden, a bloody engraving picture started to show up in both the singular eyes of the Sector Beast. The two bloody engraving pictures were spinning. Skeleton Master watched the two engraving pictures in the Sector Beast’s eyes, and his soul was mesmerized by them.

“No!”

“Ah!”

“Father!”

The space within one miniature universe started to crumble. The origin of that miniature universe was almost gone, so naturally, all the spaces within the miniature universe started to fall apart and be annihilated. Soon, the origin completely disappeared, and all the spaces were broken like shattered glass. All the life forms in the miniature universe perished.

“Sector Beast, Sector Beast, Sector Beast!” A man with three pairs of black wings hiding in the space in the distance raged. His miniature universe had just been destroyed, and so had his race.

“You’re so useless, Milky Way Horde Leader!” Golden Armor True God from the second universe era roared. “We put our trust in you. Our race will be gone first, and you humans will go extinct, too!”

He didn’t run away. Instead, he chose to stay in his miniature universe to share in the fate of his people.

His race was gone, and his miniature universe was gone. There was no chance that he could transcend incarnations. After the next universe era, he would still die. It was better for him to die now than to die alone in the future.

“I am Divine Eye True Master, one of the eight great overlords, and I used to be the strongest great being in Universe Ocean. I possess a great amount of information, and I’m willing to side with you.”

Divine Eye True Master made a request in the space to Sector Beasts.

Side with us? thought the ferocious Sector Beast.

The other thousands of Sector Beasts swallowing this miniature universe all stopped.

“Okay.” The Sector Beast nodded. “I’ll give you this chance.”

Divine Eye True Master was relieved. Traces of black light burst out from the Sector Beast’s body and penetrated the body of Divine Eye True Master. The armor and other valuables on the body of Divine Eye True Master didn’t stop it whatsoever, and he didn’t even try to resist it.

“Swallow.” The Sector Beast immediately started to absorb him.

Even if a true god had been resisting, it would have only taken a Sector Beast a short time to swallow him, let alone Divine Eye True Master, who wasn’t resisting it at all. After only a short while, half of the godly body of Divine Eye True Master was gone.

“This is…!” Divine Eye True Master was shocked.

“Don’t fight it,” said the Sector Beast furiously. “I have to consume almost all your godly power before I can convert it into the power of Sector Beasts. Only after that will you be our slave.”

Divine Eye True Master was hesitant, but he took the risk.

Soon, all his godly power was devoured. Just before he died, Divine Eye True Master finally understood what had happened. He smiled bitterly and whispered, “Catastrophe!”

Then he was completely annihilated, and only some valuables were left floating.

“Idiot.” The Sector Beast smirked. “Eight great overlords? We have Skeleton Master to be our slave already. There’s no need for any other slaves.”

Then it opened its mouth and swallowed all the valuables left by Divine Eye True Master after he died.

Sector Beasts weren’t able to use any of the weapons used by true gods! Their power was exactly the opposite to that of true gods, so they couldn’t use them. However, they could still use them in the form of a disguise, such as holding an axe. They could use them as inanimate objects, but they couldn’t enlarge them or drive the engravings on them.

Everyone in Universe Ocean was in a daze.

Inside East Emperor Holy Land, East Emperor Ancestor stood in the ancestral tree and looked at the people under him.

“What should we do now, ancestor?”

“Let’s go outside.”

“Let’s go and kill those Sector Beasts.”

East Emperor Ancestor shook his head. “No need to struggle. Let’s wait for our final destiny.”

All the people under him were in despair, but they couldn’t do anything about it.

“Ah…” East Emperor Ancestor shook his head. The best he could do was to use his willpower to guard the origin to help resist the swallowing power of the Sector Beasts. His willpower was already at the pinnacle eternal true god level! Once he used it to guard the origin, it would indeed slow down those Sector Beasts to a large extent. And besides, the origin of his miniature universe was more powerful than that of Purple Moon Ancestor.

“Huh?” East Emperor Ancestor was shocked. “They stopped?”

He could clearly tell that those Sector Beasts outside had stopped swallowing the origin.

“I’ve got a great opportunity,” said Purple Moon Ancestor, “and I haven’t been truly powerful yet! Is this the end for me? No! I can’t!”

Purple Moon Ancestor stood in the origin of his Purple Moon Holy Land and looked around. He yelled in agony.

Suddenly, he looked stunned and joyful. “They stopped?”

The Sector Beasts were marching forward, all the while passing along messages.

“It’s too difficult to swallow the origins of the two holy lands. East Emperor Holy Land has the strongest resistance. Purple Moon Holy Land has a weaker resistance, but it’s still much stronger than the miniature universes of those true gods. If we keep swallowing, it’ll take a long time for us to finish them. The two holy lands didn’t have any effect on us, so let’s let them go first. Time is very important, and we need to seize the moment. Luo Feng is our greatest enemy now.”

“Let’s keep going.”

“Destroy the first and the second universe era first.”

The Sector Beasts stuck together, working as a team. One miniature universe after another, all the races from the first and the second universe era were annihilated. There were many calls for help, and many swearing messages were sent to the original universe, yet the races in the original universe, including Luo Feng, didn’t say anything about it.

Calls for help, grudges, and curses—all kinds of messages were sent.

Everyone in the original universe was terrified. One race after another was being annihilated.

“Ancestral God School.”

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader showed up in the ancestral god secret region. They two were the leaders of the original universe. After the Sector Beasts destroyed the first and the second universe eras and started to advance toward the original universe, they came to the Ancestral God School.

Sou! Sou!

They both headed toward the ancestral god palace. The three ancestral gods sensed that they had arrived, so they let go of the seal so that they could teleport.

“Ancestral gods,” Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader said, stepping into the ancestral god palace.

The young ancestral god, the old ancestral god, and the double-faced ancestral god were all sitting on their thrones.

The old ancestral god said, “Milky Way Horde Leader and Primal Chaos City Leader, this is the most crucial moment. The Sector Beasts might arrive in one or two days. This is a very vital time, so why are you two here? I’ll ask some great beings from the Ancestral God School to go to Milky Way Holy Land later.”

“The Sector Beasts are coming,” replied Primal Chaos City Leader, “and there are too many of them. They’ll consume the universe origins quickly. Milky Way Horde Leader and I came here because we hope that the original mind can let Teacher Origin go! If Teacher Origin doesn’t have his willpower to guard his miniature universe, his miniature universe will be swallowed instantly.

Normally, for miniature universes of true gods, it would take thousands of Sector Beasts a few minutes to devour the origin. However, the primal universe didn’t have the willpower of true gods to protect it, so it would be instantly annihilated.

“Please, original mind, let go of Teacher Origin,” said Luo Feng.

“Let Teacher Origin go?” The three ancestral gods looked at each other.

Normally, they would’ve rejected the request of Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader. After all, Teacher Origin had provoked the original mind, and that was why he had been suppressed. The original mind wouldn’t just let him go so easily. Yet this was a special moment—a moment that would determine the fate of all the races in the original universe.

“Let us contact the original mind first,” said the old ancestral god.

“Good.”

“Let’s wait.”

Primal Chaos City Leader and Luo Feng answered, but they were clearly under pressure! If Teacher Origin couldn’t be released, the primal universe was destined to be annihilated.

Hong!

An invisible force showed up as the original mind had arrived. All three ancestral gods had closed their eyes and started to listen to what the original mind wanted to say. After a long time, they all opened their eyes and looked at Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader apologetically.

That look dazed Luo Feng. The answer appeared to be “No!”

“Is the original mind willing to release Teacher Origin?” asked Primal Chaos City Leader, looking pale.

Luo Feng also stared at the three ancestral gods.

The three ancestral gods looked at each other, and then the young ancestral god said, “The original mind has told us everything. There’s no way Teacher Origin will be released. However, the original mind will stop suppressing his willpower. He can then condense a godly powered avatar in the primal universe so that he can guard his miniature universe with his willpower.”

“Why would it do that?” Luo Feng frowned. “If it’s not suppressing his willpower anymore, why doesn’t it just let him go?”

Teacher Origin was suppressed, including his willpower. He couldn’t even condense a godly power avatar outside. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have let Primal Chaos City Leader be in charge of the primal universe. Teacher Origin used his technique “virtual universe,” which spread everywhere. That was how he sensed everything. However, his original body and his willpower were both still suppressed.

“Milky Way,” the old ancestral god said with a sigh. “Teacher Origin was very powerful before, and now that he’s obtained the inheritance of the ancient civilization, he’s even more powerful! If he gets out, he’ll be at your level with the help of a machine-type valuable. With his power and yours, the original universe will stand a much better chance. The original mind would’ve let him go if it could do that. To tell you the truth, Teacher Origin broke the supreme laws before, and he was restrained by the supreme laws, and that was why the original mind suppressed him and didn’t have a right to release him. If you can solve the problem of the Sector Beasts, you will have made a great contribution, and only after that can Teacher Origin be let go.”

Chapter 1470 - Release

Teacher Origin

A ferocious Sector Beast gazed at the skeleton life form in front of it. “Skeleton Master? Stop!”

All the thousands of Sector Beasts were able to communicate via their hearts, and they all stopped eating right away.

“According to our plan, we should at least take one slave. Zhen Jia and Dragon Rock don’t know any new information at all.”

“Just take this Skeleton Master.”

“Take him.”

All 900,000 Sector Beasts transmitted their voices and reached a consensus.

“If you’re willing to side with us,” said the black, ugly Sector Beast, “I’ll give you a chance.”

Skeleton Master looked a bit bitter, but he still showed gratefulness. “Yes,” he answered respectfully.

All of a sudden, a bloody engraving picture started to show up in both the singular eyes of the Sector Beast. The two bloody engraving pictures were spinning. Skeleton Master watched the two engraving pictures in the Sector Beast’s eyes, and his soul was mesmerized by them.

“No!”

“Ah!”

“Father!”

The space within one miniature universe started to crumble. The origin of that miniature universe was almost gone, so naturally, all the spaces within the miniature universe started to fall apart and be annihilated. Soon, the origin completely disappeared, and all the spaces were broken like shattered glass. All the life forms in the miniature universe perished.

“Sector Beast, Sector Beast, Sector Beast!” A man with three pairs of black wings hiding in the space in the distance raged. His miniature universe had just been destroyed, and so had his race.

“You’re so useless, Milky Way Horde Leader!” Golden Armor True God from the second universe era roared. “We put our trust in you. Our race will be gone first, and you humans will go extinct, too!”

He didn’t run away. Instead, he chose to stay in his miniature universe to share in the fate of his people.

His race was gone, and his miniature universe was gone. There was no chance that he could transcend incarnations. After the next universe era, he would still die. It was better for him to die now than to die alone in the future.

“I am Divine Eye True Master, one of the eight great overlords, and I used to be the strongest great being in Universe Ocean. I possess a great amount of information, and I’m willing to side with you.”

Divine Eye True Master made a request in the space to Sector Beasts.

Side with us? thought the ferocious Sector Beast.

The other thousands of Sector Beasts swallowing this miniature universe all stopped.

“Okay.” The Sector Beast nodded. “I’ll give you this chance.”

Divine Eye True Master was relieved. Traces of black light burst out from the Sector Beast’s body and penetrated the body of Divine Eye True Master. The armor and other valuables on the body of Divine Eye True Master didn’t stop it whatsoever, and he didn’t even try to resist it.

“Swallow.” The Sector Beast immediately started to absorb him.

Even if a true god had been resisting, it would have only taken a Sector Beast a short time to swallow him, let alone Divine Eye True Master, who wasn’t resisting it at all. After only a short while, half of the godly body of Divine Eye True Master was gone.

“This is…!” Divine Eye True Master was shocked.

“Don’t fight it,” said the Sector Beast furiously. “I have to consume almost all your godly power before I can convert it into the power of Sector Beasts. Only after that will you be our slave.”

Divine Eye True Master was hesitant, but he took the risk.

Soon, all his godly power was devoured. Just before he died, Divine Eye True Master finally understood what had happened. He smiled bitterly and whispered, “Catastrophe!”

Then he was completely annihilated, and only some valuables were left floating.

“Idiot.” The Sector Beast smirked. “Eight great overlords? We have Skeleton Master to be our slave already. There’s no need for any other slaves.”

Then it opened its mouth and swallowed all the valuables left by Divine Eye True Master after he died.

Sector Beasts weren’t able to use any of the weapons used by true gods! Their power was exactly the opposite to that of true gods, so they couldn’t use them. However, they could still use them in the form of a disguise, such as holding an axe. They could use them as inanimate objects, but they couldn’t enlarge them or drive the engravings on them.

Everyone in Universe Ocean was in a daze.

Inside East Emperor Holy Land, East Emperor Ancestor stood in the ancestral tree and looked at the people under him.

“What should we do now, ancestor?”

“Let’s go outside.”

“Let’s go and kill those Sector Beasts.”

East Emperor Ancestor shook his head. “No need to struggle. Let’s wait for our final destiny.”

All the people under him were in despair, but they couldn’t do anything about it.

“Ah…” East Emperor Ancestor shook his head. The best he could do was to use his willpower to guard the origin to help resist the swallowing power of the Sector Beasts. His willpower was already at the pinnacle eternal true god level! Once he used it to guard the origin, it would indeed slow down those Sector Beasts to a large extent. And besides, the origin of his miniature universe was more powerful than that of Purple Moon Ancestor.

“Huh?” East Emperor Ancestor was shocked. “They stopped?”

He could clearly tell that those Sector Beasts outside had stopped swallowing the origin.

“I’ve got a great opportunity,” said Purple Moon Ancestor, “and I haven’t been truly powerful yet! Is this the end for me? No! I can’t!”

Purple Moon Ancestor stood in the origin of his Purple Moon Holy Land and looked around. He yelled in agony.

Suddenly, he looked stunned and joyful. “They stopped?”

The Sector Beasts were marching forward, all the while passing along messages.

“It’s too difficult to swallow the origins of the two holy lands. East Emperor Holy Land has the strongest resistance. Purple Moon Holy Land has a weaker resistance, but it’s still much stronger than the miniature universes of those true gods. If we keep swallowing, it’ll take a long time for us to finish them. The two holy lands didn’t have any effect on us, so let’s let them go first. Time is very important, and we need to seize the moment. Luo Feng is our greatest enemy now.”

“Let’s keep going.”

“Destroy the first and the second universe era first.”

The Sector Beasts stuck together, working as a team. One miniature universe after another, all the races from the first and the second universe era were annihilated. There were many calls for help, and many swearing messages were sent to the original universe, yet the races in the original universe, including Luo Feng, didn’t say anything about it.

Calls for help, grudges, and curses—all kinds of messages were sent.

Everyone in the original universe was terrified. One race after another was being annihilated.

“Ancestral God School.”

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader showed up in the ancestral god secret region. They two were the leaders of the original universe. After the Sector Beasts destroyed the first and the second universe eras and started to advance toward the original universe, they came to the Ancestral God School.

Sou! Sou!

They both headed toward the ancestral god palace. The three ancestral gods sensed that they had arrived, so they let go of the seal so that they could teleport.

“Ancestral gods,” Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader said, stepping into the ancestral god palace.

The young ancestral god, the old ancestral god, and the double-faced ancestral god were all sitting on their thrones.

The old ancestral god said, “Milky Way Horde Leader and Primal Chaos City Leader, this is the most crucial moment. The Sector Beasts might arrive in one or two days. This is a very vital time, so why are you two here? I’ll ask some great beings from the Ancestral God School to go to Milky Way Holy Land later.”

“The Sector Beasts are coming,” replied Primal Chaos City Leader, “and there are too many of them. They’ll consume the universe origins quickly. Milky Way Horde Leader and I came here because we hope that the original mind can let Teacher Origin go! If Teacher Origin doesn’t have his willpower to guard his miniature universe, his miniature universe will be swallowed instantly.

Normally, for miniature universes of true gods, it would take thousands of Sector Beasts a few minutes to devour the origin. However, the primal universe didn’t have the willpower of true gods to protect it, so it would be instantly annihilated.

“Please, original mind, let go of Teacher Origin,” said Luo Feng.

“Let Teacher Origin go?” The three ancestral gods looked at each other.

Normally, they would’ve rejected the request of Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader. After all, Teacher Origin had provoked the original mind, and that was why he had been suppressed. The original mind wouldn’t just let him go so easily. Yet this was a special moment—a moment that would determine the fate of all the races in the original universe.

“Let us contact the original mind first,” said the old ancestral god.

“Good.”

“Let’s wait.”

Primal Chaos City Leader and Luo Feng answered, but they were clearly under pressure! If Teacher Origin couldn’t be released, the primal universe was destined to be annihilated.

Hong!

An invisible force showed up as the original mind had arrived. All three ancestral gods had closed their eyes and started to listen to what the original mind wanted to say. After a long time, they all opened their eyes and looked at Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader apologetically.

That look dazed Luo Feng. The answer appeared to be “No!”

“Is the original mind willing to release Teacher Origin?” asked Primal Chaos City Leader, looking pale.

Luo Feng also stared at the three ancestral gods.

The three ancestral gods looked at each other, and then the young ancestral god said, “The original mind has told us everything. There’s no way Teacher Origin will be released. However, the original mind will stop suppressing his willpower. He can then condense a godly powered avatar in the primal universe so that he can guard his miniature universe with his willpower.”

“Why would it do that?” Luo Feng frowned. “If it’s not suppressing his willpower anymore, why doesn’t it just let him go?”

Teacher Origin was suppressed, including his willpower. He couldn’t even condense a godly power avatar outside. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have let Primal Chaos City Leader be in charge of the primal universe. Teacher Origin used his technique “virtual universe,” which spread everywhere. That was how he sensed everything. However, his original body and his willpower were both still suppressed.

“Milky Way,” the old ancestral god said with a sigh. “Teacher Origin was very powerful before, and now that he’s obtained the inheritance of the ancient civilization, he’s even more powerful! If he gets out, he’ll be at your level with the help of a machine-type valuable. With his power and yours, the original universe will stand a much better chance. The original mind would’ve let him go if it could do that. To tell you the truth, Teacher Origin broke the supreme laws before, and he was restrained by the supreme laws, and that was why the original mind suppressed him and didn’t have a right to release him. If you can solve the problem of the Sector Beasts, you will have made a great contribution, and only after that can Teacher Origin be let go.”

Chapter 1471 - Force Luo

Feng

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader left the ancestral god palace and went to the primal universe.

On a piece of land in the primal universe, Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader showed up and stood shoulder to shoulder. A being was condensed in the mist in the distance, and a white-caped man walked toward him.

“Teacher!” Primal Chaos City Leader’s body shook. He took a few steps, then shed a few tears.

The white-caped Teacher Origin walked toward Primal Chaos City Leader and looked at him, “My child! You look totally different now. Seeing you in the virtual universe is different from seeing you in reality…”

Primal Chaos City Leader couldn’t help crying. Teacher Origin was the person closest to him in this world, and he had been guiding him this whole time.

“Teacher.” The voice of Primal Chaos City Leader was trembling.

“Okay.” Teacher Origin nodded. “I didn’t realize that the original mind would lift the suppression on my willpower. I need to thank Luo Feng for that!”

“Teacher Origin.” Luo Fen also bowed.

Teacher Origin had been the leader of the human race in the earliest era. Without him, the human race might not have even become a pinnacle race. Without him, there wouldn’t have been Primal Chaos City Leader or Huge Axe. And Luo Feng might have walked a different path and wouldn’t have achieved his various accomplishments.

He had made such significant contributions that he was qualified to be called the ancestor of the humans.

“I have my willpower to guard my miniature universe. Even if it’s eaten by the Sector Beasts, it can still last for a while.” Teacher Origin smiled. “My willpower is much stronger than that of other true gods.”

Luo Feng nodded. The stronger someone’s willpower was, the harder it would be for Sector Beasts to eat the miniature universe. Teacher Origin was certainly at the level of a true god of void space in terms of comprehension and conception! He was being suppressed, which was why he hadn’t made a breakthrough. His willpower had been suppressed by the original mind for a long time! That suppression was also a great way to sharpen willpower. The willpower of Teacher Origin was terrifically powerful, and could certainly rival Luo Feng, who had met with great opportunities.

“Go!” said Teacher Origin. “The Sector Beasts are coming. Don’t let me distract you. The most important thing is to deal with the Sector Beasts.”

“Okay.” Primal Chaos City Leader nodded.

Luo Feng also nodded.

Luo Feng did admire Teacher Origin. After all, he hadn’t had the benefit of the ancient civilization before, yet he had still been able to create a technique like “virtual universe.” Besides, Teacher Origin appeared gentle and elegant. They had no idea what he had done to break the supreme laws.

More and more great beings gathered in Milky Way Holy Land. Before, only representatives of the races had been there, but now, almost all the great beings were gathered here.

Many original bodies of true gods had gathered here, and they also had godly power avatars to be connected to the virtual universe!

In the floating godly palace in the virtual universe, Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader sat up top, while other true gods were sitting around.

“Everyone.” Luo Feng looked around. “The miniature universes of the second universe era have been annihilated. It’s vital to know about the Sector Beasts. I have a method to know exactly where all the Sector Beasts are. I’ll give you all the locations of the Sector Beasts now.”

Everyone was exhilarated. They were all guarding their own miniature universes, so it was better for them to know the whereabouts of the Sector Beasts.

“Just look.” Luo Feng pointed at the space in front of him. Suddenly, a giant picture with a diameter of one million kilometers showed up. There were signs of miniature universes in the picture. “This is a picture of Universe Ocean. Both holy lands and all the miniature universes are marked on the picture, and there are also other reference points.”

All the true gods looked at that picture.

“This is the location of the Sector Beasts,” said Luo Feng.

Tightly grouped spots of light appeared on the picture. There were so many spots that the true gods grew worried.

900,000? It sounded self-explanatory, but when all 900,000 spots appeared, they were so dense that even the true gods felt anxious.

“Please, look,” said Luo Feng. “900,000 Sector Beasts in total, and the half at the periphery haven’t even acted yet. About 10,000 Sector Beasts are gathered around three miniature universes, and they’re consuming them. The other half are approaching the original universe.”

Everything looked so clear on the picture. There were around 450,000 light spots, and they were all flying toward the original universe. Seeing those 450,000 spots of light flying toward them terrified everyone.

“How are we supposed to resist them?”

“How are we supposed to resist so many Sector Beasts?”

“We only have less than 100 true gods. If several thousand Sector Beasts swallow one miniature universe, we can only stop a few dozen of them. What should we do?”

Everyone panicked. They had been worried about it for a long time.

“This is a catastrophe!” shouted Nine Remoteness True Master. “We’ll be lucky to even get through this alive! To resist them? Even if our miniature universes are all swallowed, what can be worse than that? We can still stay alive without our miniature universes! As long as we can kill all the Sector Beasts in this era, there ought to be new true gods born on our side.”

It had only been one trillion eras since Luo Feng had risen to power. There were still several trillion eras until this universe era ended, and many talents who were cultivated in the past trillion eras had become universe masters. If there was enough time, they could certainly become true gods.

Several trillion eras… It would be easy for the original universe to breed another 100 true gods.

“As long as we annihilate the Sector Beasts,” said Nine Remoteness True Master pointedly, “there will be new true gods born! Even all our miniature universes are destroyed, we can still live in the new miniature universes. If a true god can successfully transcend incarnations, his race will live forever.”

“We have to get past this.”

“That’s right!” yelled many true gods.

However, many true gods were still worried. Major powers like the human race and the Ancestral God School could breed new true gods in the next several trillion eras. As for some of the smaller races—like the other races in the Hong Alliance or some races in the remote territories—a single true god being born was already lucky for them. Besides, not every true god was willing to see his miniature universe broken. Once a miniature universe was destroyed, that true god could never break through in the future.

“Milky Way, Teacher Origin!” The true gods of the human race wanted nothing but to protect the miniature universes of Teacher Origin and Luo Feng. After all, both Luo Feng and Teacher Origin were guaranteed to become true gods of void space and to transcend incarnations!

Thoughts flooded their minds, but those races didn’t have any other recourse. They could only do their best.

Luo Feng had one thought as well: “No matter what, let’s survive this catastrophe first!” Luo Feng had already prepared for his miniature universe to be broken. Although he was reluctant for this to happen, he was mentally prepared for it.

“Huh?” Luo Feng looked down.

Many true gods were sitting down there, and in a corner sat Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Teacher?” Luo Feng took a look, and Sitting Mountain Guest nodded mildly at him.

“Teacher’s also here.” Luo Feng sighed. Sitting Mountain Guest had never attended the meetings of the true gods before. However, this was related to all the races in the original universe now, so even Sitting Mountain Guest had come this time. His own miniature universe was threatened as well.

Time flew. Curse-filled messages were sent from the communications tokens of true gods from the first universe era and the second universe era. Those who managed to survive hid in Universe Ocean. As for their miniature universes, their races, and their friends, they were all annihilated.

Presently, the Sector Beast race was divided into two teams. Both teams had more than 450,000 Sector Beasts!

“Master.” Morosa pointed at the model of Universe Ocean. “The Sector Beasts are divided into two teams. The first team of the 450,000 is at the periphery. They were originally in the region where the miniature universes from the first universe era are. They’re scattered far apart from each other.”

Luo Feng looked at the model. More than 450,000 spots of light were gathered in that area. It looked quite dense, but actually, each light spot was over ten million light years away from the next one.

“The other team is approaching this area,” Morosa said, pointing. “Look. The second team of 450,000 Sector Beasts is not flying toward the miniature universes of the original universe, but are proceeding toward your miniature universe.”

Luo Feng looked at it carefully.

The original universe was enormous, so the miniature universes of true gods from the original universe were also scattered in different areas of the original universe. If they wanted to attack all the miniature universes, those Sector Beasts would be separated into dozens of teams, yet they now still gathered together.

The dense spots of light all marched toward the miniature universe of Luo Feng. Although they all gathered together, each of the Sector Beasts was still more than ten million light years away from its nearest comrade.

“Huh?” Luo Feng frowned. “What does that mean?”

“Those 450,000 Sector Beasts will arrive at Master’s miniature universe very soon,” said Morosa.

Time flew by. After only a short while, 450,000 Sector Beasts all converged on the miniature universe of Luo Feng from every direction.

“They want to swallow my miniature universe?” Luo Feng frowned.

He had Star Tower in his hands, which was a godly king level valuable. The godly body that seemed to belong to Godly King of Jin was over 100 million light years long, so it was possible that such a godly king level valuable could become billions of light years tall, or even taller. However, the larger Star Tower was, the more godly power it required.

If they leave me no choice, I’ll just cover my miniature universe with Star Tower and slaughter all those Sector Beasts, Luo Feng thought.

However, Luo Feng couldn’t be too far away if he wanted to control Star Tower at that size.

“Master!” Morosa was shocked as it said, “Master! The first team, the first team…!”

“Huh?” Luo Feng took a look.

450,000 Sector Beasts at the first universe era area started to team up and drew closer.

“Master!” Moros was stunned. “The second team of 450,000 Sector Beasts is already close to your miniature universe, and it’ll only take a minute for them to arrive and start swallowing. As for the Sector Beasts from the first team, they’re teaming up and fighting each other. 100,000 Sector Beasts have already been killed!”

Luo Feng was terrified. He understood now that if those 450,000 Sector Beasts kept fighting and eating each other, a level-six Sector Beast would soon be born.

Should Luo Feng go and stop them? If he went, the 450,000 Sector Beasts would swallow his miniature universe! If he didn’t go, a level-six Sector Beast would be born.

The death of his miniature universe or the birth of a level-six Sector Beast—one of these two would happen. They were forcing Luo Feng to choose.

Chapter 1472

He could only choose one out of the two!

Luo Feng’s eyes revealed his choice instantly. “I have no other options!”

For everything that he wholeheartedly sought to protect, even if it meant sacrificing himself, it would be worthwhile. Besides, this was only his miniature universe. The destruction of a miniature universe would only mean that he would no longer be able to rise up the ranks. That was all.

In the virtual universe, within the floating godly palaces, the true gods of the primal universe had gathered. A map that represented everything within Universe Ocean was suspended high above them all.

Nine Remoteness True Master, Space Beast Ancestor, Shi Hua Island Leader, and all the other true gods were all staring at the map, which was densely covered with spots of light. All of them were worried.

“The Sector Beasts have divided into two groups?”

The true gods were upset. Sitting high up above them, the white-robed form of Luo Feng looked down. He did not hide anything from them. In the face of a life-and-death crisis, there was nothing worth hiding.

“Attention, all,” he announced. “Now the Sector Beasts have divided themselves into two groups, 450,000 Sector Beasts are surrounding my miniature universe, prepared to close in on my miniature universe to start devouring it at any moment. The other group also consists of 450,000 Sector Beasts, they are now at the region where the miniature universe of the first reincarnation era originally was. Presently, they are working in pairs, fighting and devouring one another. The victorious ones will continue in pairs to fight and kill… If such fighting and killing continues, evolution will happen among the 450,000 Sector Beasts. An extremely terrifying individual will emerge. If one reaches the sixth stage, then even someone like me will lose all hope.”

Sixth-stage Sector Beasts were able to divide themselves into ten million bodies. No matter how powerful someone could be, in the face of such power, the most one could achieve was to kill a single body. Under the restriction of the Invisible Law, Morosa would be forced to fight against that sixth-stage Sector Beast and be killed in that fight. The moment that sixth-stage Sector Beast finished off the others and became king, it would personally breed a great many warriors. Those warriors would be even more terrifying than the sixth-stage Sector Beast. Such a mighty army would definitely be able to wipe out everything.

“Working in pairs to catch and fight one another?”

“If this goes on, soon, one will evolve into a super Sector Beast.”

“Only Milky Way Horde Leader might possibly be able to put a stop to all of this. But if he were to head over there, the 450,000 Sector Beasts surrounding his miniature universe would immediately start devouring it.”

The true gods were all transmitting their thoughts amidst their conversations, discussing the issue with great anxiety.

Currently, everyone was at a loss. This was a pair of extremely tough choices.

The Sector Beasts were born to be arrogant. Every single beast yearned to become the king. And now, they were working in pairs as they fought and killed. It was, in fact, not a fair system. Take a second-stage Sector Beast, for instance. Normally it would be fighting against other second-stage Sector Beasts. This way, it could continue to grow and develop. But now, in a pairing system, it would be forced to fight against any variety of other pairs—even pairs of third-stage Sector Beasts. And even if it knew that it was headed for its own doom, there was no way it could avoid it.

The 450,000 Sector Beasts that were tasked to keep Luo Feng trapped by surrounding him had even lower chances of becoming a sixth-stage Sector Beast. Such an allocation of strength was unfair.

If the threat was not so significant, the Sector Beasts would absolutely not choose such a method to determine their ultimate king! But Luo Feng was much too intimidating. They were forced into submission when they faced him, so they opted for the cruelest method of killing to choose their king.

Though cruel, the method worked effectively. Luo Feng and the various races of Universe Ocean had fallen into a desperate situation.

Luo Feng looked down at the numerous true gods who were all engaged in a heated discussion.

“Luo Feng.” Seated at his side, Primal Chaos City Leader sent a voice transmission. “Needless to ask what they are all thinking. They hope that you, Luo Feng, can go and fight on their behalf… although it might cost you your miniature universe. But whether or not your miniature universe is destroyed, the other races really could not be bothered. It’s just that they do not dare breathe a word about it, lest they anger you.”

Luo Feng nodded. He understood this point. He transmitted his reply to Teacher. “I am given no choice at all.”

Primal Chaos City leader sighed lightly. True. No choice at all.

Luo Feng looked down at the various true gods and finally opened his mouth to speak. “Dear all.”

The various true gods all looked up and listened intently.

“Stemming the tide of the Sector Beast calamity is of the utmost importance…” Luo Feng announced. “I will head over to the region where the miniature universe of the first reincarnation era is without further delay. And I will do my best to deal with this Sector Beast threat.”

“Teacher!”

“Milky Way.”

“Luo Feng!”

Right away, the human true gods were shouting. Fire Dome True God and Hong were all the more worried. If Luo Feng had chosen to set off for the other region, then his miniature universe, which was of such a massive size, would have been difficult to protect, even if there was help from the other true gods. It could almost have been said that his miniature universe was destined to be devoured by the Sector Beasts. This would sever Luo Feng’s future, and he would no longer be able to progress further up the ranks.

“No need to talk me out of it,” Luo Feng said. “My miniature universe is large enough. Perhaps it can endure for a much longer time.”

“But those are 450,000 Sector Beasts…” Fire Dome True God was anxious.

Luo Feng shook his head. “I have no choice!”

The human true gods, who initially had been trying to talk Luo Feng out of his decision, fell silent. Even the demon and bug true gods, who would normally express some degree of gloating over another’s misfortunes, all felt a sinking feeling in their hearts. It was true. There was no choice at all. Even Milky Way Horde Leader was left with no choice. They, the various races, were all the more pathetic and helpless; they could only pray that Milky Way Horde Leader would succeed. If not, they were all bound for annihilation.

“This time, as I set off, I do so without 100 percent confidence.” Luo Feng shook his head. “The 450,000 Sector Beasts at the region of the first reincarnation era have been fighting one another, and many have already been annihilated. They are scattered. When I catch them in their pairs, the most I will be able to kill, along with the first two I find, would be the other two fighting against this pair. This way, even if I have to kill any, I will not be able to do so in a large-scale approach…”

The true gods below him all felt the same sinking feeling in their hearts again.

“I will do my best to deal with the Sector Beasts,” Luo Feng continued. “As for protecting your own miniature universes, that will be up to you all. I cannot afford to be distracted further.”

Silence.

The true gods looked at one another. Although they were all unwilling to accept such a decision, they were also aware that Luo Feng was not even able to protect his own miniature universe. It would be even more difficult to protect their miniature universes. “Milky Way Horde Leader, you go ahead. You are already putting your own miniature universe at risk. Even if we were to lose our miniature universes, it would not be a big deal.”

“Yes. The possibility of us transcending reincarnation was originally so low that it could be regarded as negligible. With or without a miniature universe, it barely makes a difference.”

“Milky Way Horde Leader, no need to be distracted over us.”

“Against the Sector Beast crisis, we are all so powerless, but we will certainly not do anything to affect Milky Way Horde Leader.”

At this juncture, the true gods of the various races were still able to determine what was more pressing. Exterminating all the Sector Beasts eclipsed all else. Everything else could be sacrificed, regardless of how unwillingly the sacrifice was made. But with that great army of Sector Beasts laying siege and charging at them, how would their miniature universes be able to ward off the attacks? They had to accept this, and at the same time, they had to fervently pray that Luo Feng would succeed.

This was a true calamity! If they could pull through to survive it, that would be considered a victory.

Just as the true gods of various races were caught up in their discussion, Sitting Mountain Guest, who was seated in a corner as he quietly observed everything that was going on, revealed a trace of a smile. “This truly is my disciple. No one can perceive his internal struggle and hesitation! Knowing what goes through his mind, I can tell his disposition. He is acting out of his own free will. His intention to help… Even though he has become the Number One Master of Universe Ocean, his heart is still as clear as before, untarnished by all the filthiness around him.”

Sitting Mountain Guest was crystal clear. When those who were weaker made their ascent, step by step, it was still possible for others to discern what was going through their minds and to know their disposition. Then it would be possible to know what their original intentions were and, appropriately, cut off all thoughts of temptations. But the moment one became a most powerful existence… By that time, they could naturally request for and possess so much more. That was when the human heart got greedier and started to long for more. This was when continuing to maintain a clear heart became something trying.

“Luo Feng.” Sitting Mountain Guest transmitted his voice.

Seated at the highest level, Luo Feng involuntarily turned to look at Sitting Mountain Guest.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng transmitted his reply.

“You can set off,” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “Go handle the threat of the Sector Beasts. As for your miniature universe… you need not worry. I will head over to your miniature universe right away. For the time being, I will stay within your miniature universe. I have a treasure with me, and I will try my very best to protect your miniature universe to prevent it from being devoured.”

“What?” Where he was seated, Luo Feng was shocked. Beside him, even Primal Chaos City Leader could sense that Luo Feng seemed to have undergone a change in demeanor. He could not help turning over to look at Luo Feng.

“Teacher.” Luo Feng was shocked beyond measure. “You are saying you will protect my miniature universe?”

“Mm.” Sitting Mountain Guest continued to reply via voice transmission. “Right.”

“Teacher, what about your own miniature universe?” Luo Feng quickly asked.

“I can only protect one,” Sitting Mountain Guest replied right away.

The true meaning of what he had just said was that the moment Sitting Mountain Guest entered Luo Feng’s miniature universe to try his best to help Luo Feng, his own miniature universe would be neglected. He could not divide his attention between two miniature universes.

Luo Feng became very anxious. “Teacher, your miniature universe. The moment it gets devoured, my miniature universe—”

“Say no more,” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “It would be pointless. Even if I were to transcend reincarnation, your survival is more important! I have put so much effort into cultivating you, and you are much stronger than I ever imagined. Your potential is boundless. How can such a promising future be so easily severed…? Then all of my expectations and efforts throughout these endless years would come to naught.”

Luo Feng was taken aback.

True. He was more than willing to sever the possibility of further advancement in the future. But did he spare a thought for Sitting Mountain Guest? Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest had taken him under his wing to cultivate him. If Luo Feng was no longer able to advance, that would definitely dash all of Sitting Mountain Guest’s hopes and expectations.

“Think no more,” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “It is not a big deal if I cannot attain the void space level. You must transcend reincarnation. That is most important. In the future, you will come to learn of all the secrets, and by then, you will understand the reason why I, your Teacher, have to do all this. Go. Put in your very best effort to deal with the Sector Beasts. Your miniature universe… Teacher will protect it in its entirety, even if it costs me my life.”

Luo Feng was seated on his throne, high and mighty above all. Looking at Sitting Mountain Guest, who was seated in a faraway corner, he shut his eyes. His heart was trembling.

Maybe Sitting Mountain Guest was making use of him. Or maybe he had some other plan in mind. But for a trillion eras, as Luo Feng had grown up and matured, Sitting Mountain Guest had never once requested his help before. On the contrary, Sitting Mountain Guest had always been the one helping him! Even up until now, Sitting Mountain Guest was still helping him… Such great kindness far surpassed all the help that True Yan and Primal Chaos City Leader had ever rendered.

Luo Feng had always had this nagging feeling that Sitting Mountain Guest had some kind of plan, which was why there was always a barrier within his heart that he could not overcome. However, regardless of it all, Sitting Mountain Guest had, undoubtedly, always helped him. Even if it meant having to give up on his own miniature universe, he insisted on helping Luo Feng!

“Teacher,” Luo Feng silently said to himself, “when this Sector Beast crisis is over and everything I need to protect is safe, I, Luo Feng, will repay you for your great kindness. Even if I die doing so, I do it most willingly!”

Sou!

At the membrane walls of the endlessly huge primal universe, a lone figure penetrated through and flew out. He wore a suit of silver armor, and there were five pairs of wings behind him.

“Sector Beasts…” A glimmer of a ferocious ray of light flashed in Luo Feng’s eyes. Then he flew off and disappeared within the endless chaotic airflow.

At the same time that Luo Feng left the primal universe, outside the portal that led to Luo Feng’s miniature universe from Milky Way Holy Land, Sitting Mountain Guest—who sat cross-legged on a mountain peak—came floating over. In his eyes was peace, with no trace of happiness or sorrow. The guards had already received orders regarding his arrival, so naturally, none would dare to block his way. Sitting Mountain Guest flew smoothly, right into the portal.

Chapter 1473

Inside the miniature universe of Luo Feng, Sitting Mountain Guest flew into a dimension space that was gradually being formed. He observed the miniature universe and thought, The structure of this miniature universe is indeed exceptional.

Though he didn’t know the true structure of this miniature universe, he could still sense that it was different.

“Luo Feng.” Sitting Mountain Guest waved his hands, and an exquisite palace showed up beside him. He stepped in and said, “I’ll stay in your miniature universe now. As for those 450,000 Sector Beasts, they’re staying right outside your miniature universe… Just sense them carefully. Once they start to attack, tell me.”

“Yes, Teacher,” came a voice in the distance.

Those 450,000 Sector Beasts weren’t making attacks now. Instead, they were just making threats! Luo Feng couldn’t ask Sitting Mountain Guest to guard his miniature universe forever. It would take a lot to guard such an enormous miniature universe, so he would just wait until the Sector Beasts started to swallow it.

In another area of the miniature universe, inside a spaceship, the godly powered avatar of Luo Feng remained beside Morosa.

“Master, there are less than 50,000 Sector Beasts in that area,” said Morosa.

Luo Feng nodded. At the moment, his original body was approaching that area. His original body wasn’t moving forward, as he didn’t have a specific target yet! After all, there were so many Sector Beasts, and if he attacked one of them, all the others would know, which was why he had to pick a strong one!

“Just watch them carefully, Morosa,” said Luo Feng. “Sense the power of each Sector Beast. Some eat a lot while some don’t. Keep a close watch on those who eat a lot, and alert me about those who’re about to reach level five.”

From 450,000 to fewer than 50,000. On average, only one out of nine Sector Beasts survived. However, powerful Sector Beasts could consume them faster, so some had already eaten more than 20 Sector Beasts, yet some found it difficult to succeed, and it might take them a long time to eat around five Sector Beasts, so the odds of them reaching level five were uneven.

“Yes,” said Morosa respectfully.

Time flew. Luo Feng could see the number of light spots on the giant model decreasing. As for those surrounding his miniature universe, nothing was happening to them. Apparently, they wouldn’t make a move until he did something. Once he attacked, the other Sector Beasts would have the same reactions.

“Less than 3,000 now.” Luo Feng looked at the light spots. From 450,000 spots to less than 3,000. It was so quick. There were fewer than 3,000 that Luo Feng could see clearly. “No level five born yet?” he asked.

“Relax, Master,” said Morosa. “There’s only a chance that a level-five Sector Beast will be born. However, even if one is born, it will be barely at level five. If you go there now, you’ll alert the entire Sector Beast group, which is not worth it. Just wait longer, and there will be several level-five Sector Beasts.

Luo Feng nodded. “Remember, don’t let a level-six Sector Beast be born.”

“I’ll be careful,” said Morosa. “It’s very difficult for a level-six Sector Beast to be born. There are only 450,000 Sector Beasts in all, and only after two-thirds have granted their power to one of them would a level-six Sector Beast be born. Relax, Master. I’ll alert you to all the Sector Beasts that might be a threat.”

Luo Feng nodded.

Time passed. Not only Luo Feng was anxious, but the true gods who sat in the godly palace of the virtual universe were anxious. Yet they didn’t dare to bother Luo Feng.

“Master, you can go now,” said Morosa.

“Go now?” Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed.

“There are now fewer than 1,000 Sector Beasts in that area, and at least three of them are at level five,” said Morosa.

Only three? thought Luo Feng. These three Sector Beasts ate and fought very quickly, and based on the number of Sector Beasts they had swallowed, they must’ve reached level five already. Of course, there’s still a long way to go for them to become level six.

“No need to rush.” Luo Feng frowned. “I can only kill a small number of Sector Beasts now, and I should wait to do that until they get stronger. Let them eat more Sector Beasts…”

The number of Sector Beasts was decreasing. 800… 600… 300…

“Master, there are only 210 Sector Beasts now,” said Morosa anxiously. “There must be at least ten level-five Sector Beasts, and seven of them just entered level five. These three are the strongest.”

“Oh?” Luo Feng took a look.

It was time for him to act. If he kept waiting, it would be more likely for a level-six Sector Beast to be born.

“These three!” Luo Feng located the three Sector Beasts.

Luo Feng stood with his silver wing in the endless chaos air.

I’ll be spotted if I kill a single Sector Beast, Luo Feng thought. And then, all the other Sector Beasts will start to run away… However, I can teleport farther, so I might be able to kill another one, which means I can at least kill two Sector Beasts. Killing three Sector Beasts will be my limit. As for killing four, it will come down to luck.

Luo Feng’s target was certainly those most powerful Sector Beasts.

“Let’s go!”

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Luo Feng immediately started to teleport in long distance. He had originally been near that area anyway, and after only three minutes, he approached the Sector Beast that Morosa had highlighted.

“Master,” said Morosa, “that’s Sector Beast Qi Ya! It was just as powerful as me when I was still as my peak, and I reckon it was at level four before… This time, it has eaten the most Sector Beasts, and based on my estimation, it’s the Sector Beast that is currently closest to level six. It must be at top-tier level five now.”

“Qi Ya.”

Luo Feng immediately teleported and approached, sensing carefully.

“Hahaha!” A ferocious Sector Beast was floating in space, swallowing another Sector Beast. “You should feel honored to be eaten by me. I’ll be the ultimate king!”

Sector Beast Qi Ya was brimming with confidence. It had been standing among the top beings within the Sector Beast race. Last time, Luo Feng had killed more than eight million Sector Beasts— many pinnacle Sector Beasts included. After Beddy died, Qi Ya had been one of the top-tier beings, as it had already been at level four. Besides, they’d been eating each other, so it was the fastest for it.

“Once I enter level six, I’ll have ten million bodies,” Sector Beast Qi Ya announced confidently. “I’ll live forever, and I can kill my enemies one by one with all my skills. Even if I am surrounded, I’ll only lose one body. I can fail 1,000 times, yet those other Sector Beasts can’t afford to fail once. I’ll definitely be the ultimate king.”

The first Sector Beast that entered level six would generally become king.

“Next one.”

Sector Beast Qi Ya sensed the Sector Beast closest to it and planned to teleport and charge toward it.

Weng!

All of a sudden, the space around Qi Ya became clotted.

“No!” Sector Beast Qi Ya missed a heartbeat.

The clotted space worried Qi Ya even before it could see who it was. It had to be Milky Way Horde Leader! It was already at the top of the chain, and it had the highest hopes of becoming the king. However, on its way to becoming a king, its greatest enemy was Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng! If it was stopped by him, it would be doomed. However, if it could get away, there was a chance it might reach level six and become the ultimate king.

Hou!

Sector Beast Qi Ya looked with both its heads. A silver-armored man appeared, and those five pairs of wings were gleaming. Both of Qi Ya’s singular eyes were glinting with resentment.

It was almost there! If it weren’t for that Milky Way Horde Leader, it was likely that it would become the ultimate king. However, that plan was gone now! Based on the plan concocted by the entire Sector Beast race, once Milky Way Horde Leader came out to kill them, the most brutal situation would begin.

Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng had ceased caring about his miniature universe! And the first one who got attacked would be the sacrifice. Unfortunately, Qi Ya was the victim.

“Milky Way Horde Leader!” roared Qi Ya. “You’ll regret it! You will!”

That silver-armored man in the distance didn’t give a damn about Qi Ya. The wings on his back started to gleam, and he infused his burning godly power into the wings, forming a miniature universe in the space around them.

Qi Ya immediately started to transmit his voice through his heart to all the other Sector Beasts (except Morosa). “Milky Way Horde Leader is attacking me! He’s attacking me! He’s here! He’s here! Destroy his miniature universe! Destroy his miniature universe! Avenge me, my friends!”

Qi Ya was filled with bitterness and hatred. It raged, charging at the silver-armored man in the distance. At the same time, the bloody engraving picture on its body started to spin as it performed the most powerful technique, “Destruction,” without a second thought.

“He’s right here!”

“He’s right here!”

“Destroy his miniature universe!”

“Destroy his miniature universe!”

The resentful voice of Sector Beast Qi Ya echoed in every Sector Beast’s heart. All 900,000 Sector Beasts had agreed to this plan. They would fight each other until a level-six Sector Beast was born. Once a level-six Sector Beast was born, they were basically guaranteed a win in this battle.

“We have surrounded his miniature universe, yet he still dared to rush out?”

“That Milky Way Horde leader really doesn’t care about anything else. Not even his own miniature universe.”

“He’s risking everything.”

The Sector Beasts were furious. Milky Way Horde Leader was risking it all? Then the Sector Beasts would risk it all as well!

“Eat his miniature universe!”

In the space outside the giant miniature universe, more than 450,000 Sector Beasts surrounded it. The densely packed Sector Beasts were everywhere, roaring in anger. All the Sector Beasts teleported and approached the miniature universe.

Soon, they were close enough to consume the miniature universe.

“Devour it!”

“Devour it!”

More than 450,000 Sector Beasts all shot out curvy traces of light, penetrating the space and enveloping Luo Feng’s enormous miniature universe in the distance.

Chapter 1474 - The Last Fight

with the Sector Beasts

Chaotic airflow was drifting all about. The vast land was continuously condensing, then extending and expanding. On this vast piece of land, there was an exquisite palace. This palace belonged to Sitting Mountain Guest.

“It has been nearly 20 days now.” Sitting Mountain Guest sat in a relaxed manner. There was a wine decanter on the crystal table next to him, and he was leisurely holding a wine glass.

It had been close to 20 days since he’d arrived at Luo Feng’s miniature universe. Without a break, he had waited for that very moment when the Sector Beasts moved in to start devouring Luo Feng’s miniature universe. There was a reason he had waited so long. In fact, it had only taken a short time for Luo Feng to fly over to the region of the miniature universe of the first reincarnation. It was mainly because the Sector Beasts needed a long time to fight and devour.

Normally, it would take trillions of eras before the evolution of the ultimate king could occur. Now, due to their fast-shrinking numbers, every time one devoured another, they would require some time for digestion. As for crossing levels—for instance, going from the third stage to the fourth stage, or the fourth stage to the fifth stage—such progress would require a great deal of time.

Hong!

An invisible power instantly spread throughout the entire miniature universe.

“Huh?” Sitting Mountain Guest’s expression changed. “Have they started devouring?

Theoretically, when Sector Beasts were devouring the origin, life forms within the miniature universe would not be able to detect anything. But with 450,000 Sector Beasts devouring at the same time, the violent vibration they caused in time and space would be more than enough to affect the entire miniature universe.

In Luo Feng’s miniature universe.

Hua!

100,000 planets were revolving around the core of nothingness that they kept surrounded. That nothingness was also continuously revolving as it devoured, and its strong devouring power was causing the chaotic airflow in the void space outside the miniature universe to form a gigantic whirlpool.

Suddenly, another strong power penetrated through the void space and fell directly into the middle of this origin. There, it began devouring the power of the origin the best it could.

“It’s here.” A godly powered avatar condensed and took form in the middle of the origin. It was Luo Feng’s godly powered avatar.

“Block it!” Luo Feng’s willpower was rendering support to the origin as it tried its best to mount a resistance.

Hong! Long! Long!

The entire origin was trembling. The 100,000 planets that were originally revolving so peacefully started to release an outburst of light rays and began to revolve in a crazy manner. As for the whirlpool brought about by the core of nothingness, it also produced a formidable gravitational force. In the face of the swallowing power of 450,000 Sector Beasts, it instantly started to collapse.

It was like a game of tug-of-war!

From where he was, Luo Feng was pulling inward, while the 450,000 Sector Beasts were pulling outward. However, with just one touch, the entire line of Sector Beasts collapsed.

“What?” Luo Feng was shocked. “How is that possible?”

450,000 Sector Beasts in the space outside Luo Feng’s miniature universe were astounded. Both sides were shocked. No one had expected such an outcome.

“How could it be so easy?”

Luo Feng carefully sensed his own origin. 100,000 planets were revolving around the core of nothingness. Everything was gathered within the whirlpool of that nothingness. By sensing his origin, a sudden understanding dawned upon Luo Feng.

“100,000 Heavens? The ‘Beginning of the Origin’? So, this is what they turned out to be.”

Luo Feng instantly understood the mystery behind these two things. For ordinary true gods—even those from the pulse of Duan Dong River, Godly King of Jin, and generations of great beings—their universe structures might have been considered magical, but they were not flawless. If they ever encountered Sector Beasts that intended to devour their origins, they were destined to be devoured. Even with their willpower rendering a certain degree of support, it would only mean the devouring process would be slowed down. That was all.

But for Luo Feng, the situation was different.

The structures of Beginning of the Origin and 100,000 Heavens were the understanding of the most mystical life structure diagrams that Luo Feng managed to derive after comprehending at a life gene level of 100,000 times. They represented his final comprehension. They had the same effect as the structure diagram of 100,000 life genes level!

Both shared a common feature: complete with nothing lost!

Luo Feng’s godly power could even be transformed into a Sector Beast’s power. Even if his miniature universe were to be subjected to violent vibrations, even if the numerous planets within his origin were shattered, so long as he still had his “Beginning of the Origin,” he could rapidly regenerate another 100,000 Heavens. It was immortalized. It was the beginning of everything. It was complete and without any leakage. This was a miniature universe that was complete, in its entirety, at the point of birth. Since it was so complete, without anything being lost, it would certainly be untouchable to those who attempted to devour it.

As for the other miniature universes, the moment they were born, they were unbefitting of being considered complete and free of leakage. Naturally, they could and would be devoured.

This was also why the diameter of the other true gods’ miniature universes was only as big as 100 million light years, whereas Luo Feng’s miniature universe had a diameter of one billion light years.

Perhaps, at the moment, Luo Feng’s miniature universe was not as big as that of a true god of void space or an eternal true god. But the moment Luo Feng became a true god of void space or an eternal true god, he would definitely be above them all. This was because his miniature universe had a structure that was complete and without leakage. It was naturally flawless from the start!

In fact, the process was similar to the evolution of the Sector Beasts, which moved individuals in the direction of becoming a complete, ultimate life form: the ultimate king. The ultimate king of the Sector Beasts would be just like Luo Feng. It would be able to transform its Sector Beast power into godly power; it could easily change its aura. It could change everything. There were many things it would be able to do, and it would acquire an array of talents such as breeding and devouring.

The way a king of the Sector Beasts devoured things would be the true terror. Even Luo Feng’s miniature universe, even the primal universe—none would be able to resist it!

Because the king of the Sector Beasts represented true destruction, even the primal universe would need to self-destruct and transform into its origin in order to mount a resistance. Luo Feng’s miniature universe might have the potential to do so, but in terms of talent, it was lacking. Therefore, it would still be restrained.

However! That was when being restrained by the king of the Sector Beasts. These were ordinary Sector Beasts whose lives had yet to evolve to completion. Solely relying on their talents to confront Luo Feng’s miniature universe—which was complete and with no leakage —naturally, there was no way they could land a bite! No matter what, they would not be able to devour anything. Not even a trace of it!

Initially, Luo Feng fell into a daze, but soon after, he was in a state of delirium.

The 450,000 Sector Beasts outside were also struck with disbelief. They had always thought of themselves as superior life forms and had always believed they were born to be incomparably noble. They felt that no miniature universe had a chance when facing them, and every one would be devoured by them in the end. But today, it was like they had bitten a sheet of iron, shattering their teeth. And yet, they had not managed to take a single bite.

“Luo Feng?” Teleporting out of the palace, Sitting Mountain Guest wore a solemn expression as he looked far into the distance where a chaotic airflow was spreading over to fill up. He wondered to himself, Do you need me to protect you?

Sitting Mountain Guest had a feeling that such a great commotion had to have been caused by the Sector Beasts’ devouring.

Luo Feng’s voice was transmitted. “It’s all right, Teacher. Those Sector Beasts are unable to do anything to me.”

“Can’t do anything?” Sitting Mountain Guest was shocked.

Luo Feng transmitted his voice again. “They can devour the miniature universes of other true gods, but they can’t devour mine.”

Sitting Mountain Guest was dumbfounded, but soon, a smile appeared on his face. Even he had never heard of anyone being able to create a miniature universe with a diameter of one billion light years at the true god level. Such uniqueness was the only explanation for such an outcome.

“Haha! Then over here at your miniature universe, I’m no longer needed!” Sitting Mountain Guest laughed heartily, then immediately left Luo Feng’s miniature universe.

In the faraway region containing the miniature universe of the first reincarnation era, amidst one of the void spaces, Luo Feng was engaged in crossfire with one of the fifth-stage Sector Beasts.

Sector Beast Zia was executing “Destruction.” It was trying its best just to stay alive!

“Previously, Beddy was only a fifth-stage Sector Beast,” said Sector Beast Zia. “I suspect Beddy had not yet reached the top level of the fifth stage. I am stronger than it was, so who knows, I might be able to survive this.”

Zia executed Destruction and fought with all its might. Yet suddenly, a piece of news was transmitted to it.

It was shocked into a daze. How could…? How could…? How could it be that the devouring of Luo Feng’s miniature universe would fail? They were unable to devour Luo Feng’s miniature universe?

“Humph.” Seeing Sector Beast Zia’s surprise, Luo Feng wielded his Blood Ghost Blade and fought with all his might.

Fighting a fifth-stage Sector Beast was what Luo Feng looked forward to. The technique of Destruction, when performed by a fifth-stage Sector Beast, would allow Luo Feng a chance to steal a glimpse of the “destruction of the origin.” Earlier, he had only managed to see Beddy execute it twice. This Zia, in its heightened state of madness, had already executed it three times in succession, much to Luo Feng’s benefit.

“Even when I execute Destruction, I still cannot shake it off.” Sector Beast Zia wanted to bring out his Sector Light Passageway right away.

Suddenly—

At the same moment when Luo Feng’s Blood Ghost Blade struck, a water droplet soundlessly invaded the body of Sector Beast Zia. This was “Three Stars Sector,” a soul enslavement technique that Luo Feng was most skillful and powerful in. Previously, he had relied on this technique to enslave Morosa. Whether this enslavement would be successfully or not depended on two determining factors: the soul and the willpower!

From the first stage to the sixth stage, the Sector Beasts were all at the true god level. Although they were evolved, their souls did not go through much evolution. Mainly, it was the “sector” in the bodies rising—their comprehension level improving—and so the battle techniques that they could execute were more mystical and profound. There was also a gradual increase in the unique moves they would be capable of executing, such as Sector Light Passageway, Sector Light Domain, and Destruction!

Zia’s soul was slightly stronger than Morosa’s, but not by very much. As for its willpower? Both were the cream of the crop among the Sector Beasts. Now, with the rapid evolution of all the sudden fighting and killing, Zia’s internal “sector” might have become more powerful, but its willpower did not increase much.

This was just like Luo Feng. Only when Luo Feng’s comprehension reached the life gene level of 100,000 could he comprehend the insight of the universe operations. That was when his willpower could evolve to an eternal true god’s ultimate limit. As for the stage where he progressed from a universe master to a true god, there had not been much improvement in his willpower at all.

“Theoretically speaking, if I can enslave Morosa, I can also enslave Zia.” Luo Feng whispered to himself.

“What is…?” In Sector Beast Zia’s two singular eyes, there was first confusion, quickly followed by a painful struggle. “Explode!”

With a loud rumble, it exploded. Holding onto its only remaining glimmer of sobriety, Sector Beast Zia had managed to blow itself up. It had known that if it hesitated further, it would most likely be completely caught up. Sector Beast Zia had not reacted in time to execute Sector Light Passageway to escape, so it had been left with its only choice to the path of freedom—self-destruction!

“How could the enslavement be unsuccessful?” Luo Feng frowned.

Previously, when he had been in the Sector Beasts’ nest, he had needed to act very carefully. That was because he had not enslaved a Sector Beast. But this time around, he intended to spread his killing to all four corners. If he could enslave a fifth-stage Sector Beast, then he and his Sector Beast could split into two forces. That way, they could kill even more Sector Beasts.

“This Zia was, after all, of the same caliber as Morosa and Beddy. It had already stood among the top-tiered Sector Beasts long before now. Its willpower had been quite strong to begin with.” Luo Feng shook his head. “Perhaps by switching to a Sector Beast with weaker willpower, I will be able to enslave it.”

Sou!

Luo Feng immediately teleported and vanished in a flash as he made his way after the next Sector Beast.

Sector Beast Zia’s death did not seem to stir up much commotion among the Sector Beasts. This was because the entire Sector Beast race was surprised by the news that Luo Feng’s miniature universe could not be devoured. They had all fallen into a mixed state of shock and anger.

“Execute the final abandonment plan!”

“The abandonment plan!”

“This is an insult to all the Sector Beasts!”

“The final plan!”

This was a plan that the Sector Beasts had prepared while escaping out of their nests. It was the final abandonment plan. The most dreadful plan. A plan that required a great many Sector Beasts to be sacrificed.

It was unfair, but the Sector Beasts were all of one mind. This was a plan that guaranteed the birth of a sixth-stage Sector Beast! Putting this plan into play was a great insult to the honorable Sector Beasts. But now, they had no choice but to execute this plan.

There was nothing they could do to Luo Feng. There was nothing they could do to his miniature universe. He could kill them to his heart’s content or enslave them all he wanted.

They needed to fall back on their one last shot!

The birth of a sixth-stage Sector Beast. According to the limitation set by the supreme law, forcing Morosa to show his true self would lead to the birth of the final king! So long as the king of the Sector Beasts could be born… Luo Feng would die!

This was cruelty. Most of the Sector Beasts were unwilling to execute it; unless they were left with no other recourse, they would never resort to the abandonment plan!

“Let’s go!”

“Let’s go!”

“Let’s go!”

More than 450,000 Sector Beasts originally surrounding Luo Feng immediately teleported over long distances in all directions. They quickly made their escape and left.

Chapter 1475 - Luo Feng’s

Team

The closest two out of the 450,000 Sector Beasts were at least over ten million light years away from each other. They all ran away, completely separating. Even Luo Feng, who knew their locations due to the coordinates sent by Morosa, he couldn’t do anything about it.

Just run, thought Luo Feng. You’re all too weak for me, yet there are too many of you. I can’t deal with you, but when you’ve reached level five, there won’t be this many of you.

There were only 900,000 Sector Beasts. The best case for the Sector Beasts was that around 100 level-five Sector Beasts could be born. But in reality, some Sector Beasts ate more than others, so there might only be around 50 level-five Sector Beasts born. All he needed to do was kill all the level-five Sector Beasts, which was very difficult!

But he had to try!

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Just after Luo Feng forced Qi Ya to self-destruct, he started to chase another Sector Beast by teleporting.

Out of the 450,000 Sector Beasts that were fighting each other in the region of the first universe era, the top three Sector Beasts were Qi Ya, MengQu, and Ang Si.

Qi Ya, Morosa, and Beddy were already at the pinnacle level before, so every one of them was excellent, thought Luo Feng. This MengQu might become quite powerful in this special situation, but his willpower might be weaker than Qi Ya and Morosa… There’s a chance I can enslave it.

Hu!

He flew toward MengQu. When Qi Ya was attacked, and all the other Sector Beasts, including MengQu, got the message, they all fled in different directions. This made it more difficult for Luo Feng to hunt them down.

Weng!

The space was clotted.

“No!” Sector Beast MengQu, who had been flying, was stunned. It turned both of its heads into the distance. A silver-armored and silver-winged man showed up in the space in the distance. It was the individual the Sector Beasts feared the most: Milky Way Horde Leader!

Milky Way Horde Leader in the distance gave a look. Then the vast space around him was immediately trapped in a miniature universe, and a powerful binding force arrived.

Shua!

Luo Feng teleported and approached it. Inside the miniature universe he had formed with only one thought, he could clot the space around his enemy. Luo Feng could teleport close to it.

“Destruction!” Sector Beast MengQu raged, and the bloody engraving picture behind it soon formed a Sector Beast made of light. They both raged, and a gleaming, spinning whirlpool portal raced toward Luo Feng.

Meanwhile, Luo Feng also waved the Blood Shadow Blade in his hands. An equally gleaming white-gold blade of light rushed forward. The arc of light and the whirlpool portal hit each other!

The whirlpool portal crumbled first, and the curved blade of light slashed it before it crumbled. At the same time, a drop of water silently penetrated the body of Sector Beast MengQu in the wake of the shock waves.

Enslaving technique: “Three Stars Sector.” It was the supreme enslaving technique created by a supreme being known as “Gold” from Jin Country, and it was also the most powerful enslaving technique from the World of Jin.

“Hmm…” Luo Feng observed Sector Beast MengQu with great expectations. He sincerely wished to be able to successfully enslave it this time!

MengQu stood still in space. The shock waves around it had already been weakened, and the space had already recovered.

“Ha…” Luo Feng sensed the soul of MengQu, and he could tell that MengQu’s soul was already under his control. This provoked a smile from Luo Feng’s face. “Wake up, MengQu.”

Both the singular eyes of MengQu glinted. “I… I am the king,” said Sector Beast MengQu in a daze. It looked at Luo Feng in front of it, and then it gained complete consciousness. It then said with respect, “Master.”

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded. “I’ll go hunt down Ang Si. You go kill the Sector Beasts closest to you.”

“Yes, Master,” said Sector Beast MengQu respectfully.

Shua! Shua!

Luo Feng and Sector Beast MengQu kept teleporting in different directions.

It was impossible for Luo Feng to take MengQu with him. If he did, other Sector Beasts would see him coming. That would make it very difficult for him to hunt those Sector Beasts down. However, if MengQu acted on its own, the fleeing Sector Beasts might panic and change direction.

“MengQu was enslaved.”

“MengQu was enslaved!”

“It turned to Milky Way Horde Leader just as Morosa did.”

All the fleeing Sector Beasts sensed it. They could still clearly sense the presence of Morosa and MengQu, but apparently, they were now on the opposite team.

“Beware of the enslaving technique of Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“Be careful not to be enslaved by him.”

Luo Feng found out the truth when fighting the last of the three great beings, “Ang Si.” It blew itself up just as he created his miniature universe. It self-destructed without even putting up a fight.

Hong!

The shock waves spread and hit the body of Luo Feng. His wings were trembling, but he frowned. “I just successfully enslaved MengQu, and the Sector Beasts are so insane now? They self-destruct as soon as I catch up to them?”

The Sector Beasts were left with no choice.

Beddy, Qi Ya, and MengQu were all level-five Sector Beasts, yet none of them could survive against Luo Feng in a fight. They understood that no matter how hard they tried, they would be killed by Luo Feng anyway, so they would rather self-destruct than risk being enslaved by Luo Feng, which would make him stronger.

Inside the miniature universe of Luo Feng, inside the spaceship, Morosa was controlling the enormous model. Unsettled, it said, “Master, you have nine slaves now, but I am the weakest one.”

Luo Feng took a look at Morosa.

It was true. In the past eight days, Luo Feng had killed Qi Ya and enslaved MengQu, forcing Ang Si to self-destruct! Luo Feng had then gone after another level-five Sector Beast, but that one had also exploded. Luo Feng had then understood that he himself wasn’t enough to enslave those Sector Beasts, so he started acting together with MengQu.

With MengQu, he had located a target and teleported there immediately. Though the Sector Beast had known that MengQu was chasing it as well, Luo Feng and MengQu were still approaching them. The teleportation distance of Luo Feng was too far—farther than level-five Sector Beasts.

When MengQu met the enemy, the two Sector Beasts began fighting each other, and their sectors were sensing one another, so it was impossible for them to self-destruct!

When the Sector Beasts were fighting each other in the hive of Sector Beasts, nobody self-destructed no matter how serious the grudges were, as it was impossible to self-destruct during a Sector Beast fight.

During the battle, Luo Feng had performed his enslaving technique to enslave that Sector Beast.

Time flew by. Luo Feng continued to use that technique, even using different slaves to act at the same time, forcing other Sector Beasts to flee awkwardly. Using this method, he had successfully enslaved eight Sector Beasts in total.

“This time, I’ve enslaved eight Sector Beasts.” Luo Feng looked at Morosa. “Five of them are level-five Sector Beasts, and three of them are level-four Sector Beasts. As for you, you’re a level-two Sector Beast. However, I made you a promise before. As long as you helped me with all your energies, I would get many Sector Beasts for you to eat. Only one of the Sector Beasts I have enslaved can live, and it will be you.”

Morosa was exhilarated.

Luo Feng was calm. When a level-two Sector Beast ate a level-five Sector Beast, it could jump straight to a level-five Sector Beast! They were all his slaves, so with one thought, they wouldn’t be able to blow themselves up.

That means only one of them can live, Luo Feng thought. As for Sector Beasts… If I really can’t stop a level-six Sector Beast from being born, then I’ll make a level-six Sector Beast for myself.

Luo Feng didn’t have any other options, and this was the reason why he enslaved the Sector Beasts. Now, out of all the Sector Beasts he had enslaved, there were five level-five Sector Beasts in total. MengQu was the most evolved one out of all of them! However, that still wasn’t enough for a level-six Sector Beast to be born!

“Look, master.” Morosa pointed at that giant model of Universe Ocean. “The Sector Beasts from the first universe era have entered ‘Lost Ocean Domain.’ You can go to Lost Ocean Domain as well, Master. But now, the 450,000 Sector Beasts surrounding your miniature universe have also entered Lost Ocean Domain, and only 30,000 Sector Beasts are still in the normal ocean domain in Universe Ocean. It’ll be very difficult for you to hunt them down.”

Luo Feng frowned and considered.

It was true. Lost Ocean Domain was an area that no races from Universe Ocean had ever comprehended. Once someone was trapped in there, he would be lost in the depths of Universe Ocean without any reference points. They would never be able to find their way back.

However, the Sector Beasts had all rushed into Lost Ocean Domain, one after another! Only 30,000 Sector Beasts were left.

Luo Feng rushed into Lost Ocean Domain as well!

He dared to rush in because Luo Feng was bringing MengQu with him. That meant that even if he was trapped in Lost Ocean Domain, MengQu could still sense the location of Morosa. They could return by following that sensation; it was the same reason why the Sector Beasts had dared to venture into Lost Ocean Domain.

We’re in trouble now, thought Luo Feng. Lost Ocean Domain is enormous, yet the Sector Beasts are running in all directions. If I’m trying to catch one Sector Beast, I’ll be getting farther away from another Sector Beast.

After enslaving eight Sector Beasts, Luo Feng now felt helpless. He had to bring one Sector Beast with him when journeying into Lost Ocean Domain. The fleeing Sector Beasts would get as far away from him as possible. Some would get away through natural wormholes.

Luo Feng couldn’t follow Sector Beasts precisely in Lost Ocean Domain, and the only thing he could be sure of was the location. He moved in a straight line.

When Sector Beasts fled through natural wormholes, Luo Feng was left dazed. He couldn’t even find the wormholes.

Time passed. One month, two months, three months…

Other than Morosa, Luo Feng had enslaved eight Sector Beasts and killed a large group of Sector Beasts. He then acquiesced and decided to go back!

But just when he was about to return, Luo Feng understood that the level-six Sector Beasts would soon be born.

Chapter 1476 - Birth

Luo Feng’s original body was making its way back at that moment within his miniature universe.

“Master,” Morosa reported respectfully. “There are many Sector Beasts escaping into the Lost Ocean Domain of Universe Ocean. Out of the 450,000 Sector Beasts from the second batch, 420,000 have escaped into the Lost Ocean Domain. Adding to this number are those Sector Beasts from the first batch Master went after. The number of Sector Beasts that Master has killed and enslaved is a far cry from half the number of the first batch of Sector Beasts. If all the Sector Beasts who have escaped into the Lost Ocean Domain started fighting one another, their numbers alone could give rise to two sixth-stage Sector Beasts!”

Luo Feng nodded. 900,000 Sector Beasts could probably give rise to the birth of three sixth-stage Sector Beasts. The number of Sector Beasts he had killed and enslaved merely constituted a small portion. Judging by the remaining ones, it was entirely possible for the birth of two sixth-stage Sector Beasts.

“However, according to the Sector Beasts’ Iron Rule of Fate, two sixth-stage Sector Beasts have to kill one another,” Morosa said. “Only one can remain standing.”

The iron rule of fate was a set of shackles imposed upon the process of giving birth to the final king of the entire Sector Beast race. To hasten the birth of the final king, there were four iron rules.

The first iron rule was that no two sixth-stage Sector Beasts were allowed to coexist. They were required to fight one another to death. All their divided bodies also would have to fight each other until there was only one left standing.

The second iron rule was that the final king had to be born during the gestation period. Maximizing the time stipulated by the breeding process, even if they were forced to fight and kill one another, the devouring had to continue to the very last minute of their time limit until there was only one left standing.

The third iron rule: If there were only two Sector Beasts left, regardless of how powerful or powerless they were, they had to fight one another until there was only one left standing.

The fourth iron rule: The final surviving Sector Beast, regardless of being a first-stage or a sixth-stage Sector Beast, would become the ultimate king.

“Hmm.”

Luo Feng’s brows were furrowed as he thought. The number of Sector Beasts was too many. Hundreds of thousands of Sector Beasts in the Lost Ocean Domain, probing in different regions, meant there had to be a large number of reference points where these hundreds of thousands of Sector Beasts had gone. Altogether, the Sector Beasts would have obtained substantial information of a region of the map of Lost Ocean Domain! This would allow the Sector Beasts to be able to speedily escape through the natural wormholes time and again. But there was no way Luo Feng could give chase because he did not have the benefit of a map!

The moment this new ocean map was defined, Luo Feng was unable to give chase no matter how he tried. He was forced to retreat.

“30,000 Sector Beasts have stayed behind,” Morosa reported respectfully. “They did not go to the Lost Ocean Domain. They are all separated from one another, scattered all over the three most dangerous lands. The environment of the three most dangerous lands is severe. Catching even one of these Sector Beasts is going to be very difficult.”

Luo Feng understood. The 30,000 Sector Beasts that remained behind were represented a beacon of hope for their race. For those Sector Beasts that had escaped into Lost Ocean Domain, although they would have managed to piece together a partial map of the region, they had fled too far; there was no way they could rely on their own abilities to return.

“In the future, when a sixth-stage Sector Beast is born,” Morosa said, “by sensing the whereabouts of some of the Sector Beasts who have stayed behind, it could kill its way into our Universe Ocean. They might have been worried that Master would kill all the remaining Sector Beasts, including those of us who have pledged allegiance to you, Master. Killing us all would cause them to lose their points of reference and be lost for eternity. They would not be able to return. Accordingly, the number of Sector Beasts they left behind was many: 30,000! There is no way Master can kill them all in a short time.”

How cruel! But Luo Feng had to do his best. When his original body returned, the first thing to do was to head to Tilted Peak Sector!

Within Tilted Peak Sector, the land was vast and divided into many special regions. Presently, those Sector Beasts were simply heading for any of these special regions they chanced upon! There were even some Sector Beasts that escaped directly into some of the most dangerous lands. Upon entering such dangerous lands, getting out again would be challenging.

“Apprehend!”

“Catch them.”

“Catch them!”

The 30,000 Sector Beasts that had remained behind to play the role of the beacon of hope were all second-stage Sector Beasts. They were not considered powerful. Before Luo Feng, they did not even have the ability to self-destruct. Therefore, they could all be forcibly caught and confined within Star Tower by Luo Feng. Then, MengQu would devour them all. Luo Feng was no longer enslaving them because there was also a limit to the number of soul slaves he could own.

“Loathsome!”

Within Star Tower, silver-armored Luo Feng was looking far ahead. Deep within the endless darkness was a huge abyss. This was the well-known Dark Yong Domain that was at the core ground of Tilted Peak Sector.

“To think you would go so far as to escape into Dark Yong Domain,” Luo Feng muttered. “The moment you step into Dark Yong Domain, there is no way you can get out. Yet, as many as 102 Sector Beasts are hiding in there.”

Would Luo Feng dare to enter? Of course not!

Just a while ago, he had tried getting a godly powered avatar to control an automaton-type battleship and drive its way in, but after entering, there was no way it could come out!

“These Sector Beasts have given no thought of coming out again.” Luo Feng shook his head.

There were many dangerous lands similar to the three most dangerous lands. Once someone entered, escape would be impossible. At that moment, a substantial number of Sector Beasts were making their way into these places! With the methods Luo Feng had, there were some dangerous lands he could still manage to escape from, but there were also those that he would not be able to escape from.

Luo Feng did not dare to personally survey the situation, so he had to send his godly powered avatar to conduct the investigation. The previous two times, the godly powered avatar had controlled the automaton-type battleship and charged its way out. But this time, upon entering Dark Yong Domain, no matter how it tried, it would be unable to get out.

“30,000 Sector Beasts. It is impossible to kill them all.” Luo Feng sighed. Then, controlling Star Tower, he left.

In the faraway Lost Ocean Domain, where Universe Ocean was simply much too vast, a few hundred thousand Sector Beasts were exploring, yet all they had managed to find out, collectively, merely constituted a small part of the entire domain. Now, the few hundred thousand Sector Beasts were gathered in this ocean domain. Though relatively small, the area of the ocean domain that the Sector Beasts had managed to learn about was much more than ten times that of what Luo Feng and the three reincarnation eras had managed to learn about the same domain.

“Kill!”

“Between you and I, only one can survive.”

Two hideous-looking Sector Beasts were fighting one another without inhibitions. Blood splattered everywhere. It was simply crazy, and such killing was taking place in different void spaces. Several hundred thousand Sector Beasts were killing and evolving simultaneously. They were hanging on to everything they got as they evolved.

Time passed. In the blink of an eye, nearly a year had gone by. Within the Lost Ocean Domain, only two Sector Beasts remained. They were equally impressive, and they were both sixth-stage Sector Beasts.

Hong! Hong!

A powerful, oppressive force caused the entire void space to vibrate. Both Sector Beasts stood far apart from one another in the void space as they faced one another. One of the Sector Beasts gripped an axe. Both their bodies were covered with complex, blood-colored engravings. At the same time, a single horn grew on each of their foreheads. The tips of these horns flashed with white light. This white light seemed to annihilate everything.

The two Sector Beasts had slightly different auras. One was eerie, while the other was more violent. They were “Mohe” and “You.”

“Mohe, we have both crossed over to the sixth stage. It is destined that only one of us can survive.”

“You… You are dead for sure. Let me be the one to finish off this Milky Way Horde Leader to become the ultimate king.”

The two sixth-stage Sector Beasts were engaged in a life-and-death battle within that faraway Lost Ocean Domain.

“You” had been annihilated! Mohe had become the final surviving sixth-stage Sector Beast!

After devouring You, Mohe’s power had rapidly climbed up to reach the top level of the sixth stage. Then, right away, it made its way back.

“Milky Way Horde Leader! My noble Sector Beast race is the rightful owner for the final victory.”

Mohe was advancing through the void space with a godly axe in his hand. By relying on the ability to sense his fellow Sector Beasts’ whereabouts, it would never get lost. The few thousand Sector Beasts scattered all over the three dangerous lands—who had yet to be apprehended and hacked to death by Luo Feng—were all extremely excited. Finally, a sixth-stage Sector Beast had arrived.

After about a month, Mohe finally stepped into the familiar ocean domain again.

“I… I am here.” Standing amidst the vast void space, the single horns on Mohe’s two heads were curved as they stabbed in the direction of the void space up ahead. The white lights at the tips were faint. Both the single eyes on its two heads flashed with madness.

“Mohe,” said a second-stage Sector Beast hidden in a mountain range, “we shall leave everything to you.”

Hong!

The hidden second-stage Sector Beast self-destructed.

“Mohe, I trust you,” said another Sector Beast hiding inside the Universe Boat, who also self-destructed.

“The last glory of our Sector Beast race. You need to protect it!”

“Kill that Milky Way Horde Leader!”

“We of the Sector Beast race should be the ones of highest nobility!”

One after the other, Sector Beasts were self-destructing. They were Sector Beasts that Luo Feng either had not had time to hunt and kill, or those who had hidden in some of the most dangerous lands, so Luo Feng had been unable to hunt and kill them. One by one, they were self-destructing in succession! All were annihilated.

There was only one Sector Beast left who was truly free of enslavement: Mohe!

“I, Mohe! I will protect the last remnant of the glory of my noble Sector Beast race. I will not allow that Milky Way Horde Leader to tarnish our race! Roar!” Mohe raised both his heads and roared in anger.

At this moment, an invisible fate was enshrouding it. It was the one and only Sector Beast free of slavery.

Luo Feng was still in shock upon witnessing the repeated self-destruction and disappearance of the Sector Beasts. Morosa’s expression suddenly registered a drastic change.

“Master!”

“Master!”

“Master!”

Morosa and the few other enslaved Sector Beasts, like MengQu, who were together with it at the three most dangerous lands, simultaneously transmitted their messages to Luo Feng in shaky voices.

“What is it?” Luo Feng sensed that something was amiss. Why would the nine great Sector Beasts he had enslaved report to him all at the same time?

“Master!” Morosa shouted in shock. “When the Sector Beasts who were scattered all over self-destructed at the same time, we felt the fate.”

“The ‘fate’?” Luo Feng was taken aback.

The Sector Beast race was greatly controlled by the influence of fate, as outlined by the four iron rules of fate.

“Only one surviving Sector Beast is free of enslavement,” Morosa continued. “Fate is telling us that even we, the subservient Sector Beasts who pledged our allegiance to you, have to fight and kill among ourselves. There must be a final surviving Sector Beast out of us all. Then this Sector Beast will go to battle against the free Sector Beast… to give rise to the ultimate king. This is the fifth iron rule of fate—an iron rule that has just fallen upon us.”

“What? A fifth iron rule?” Luo Feng’s expression changed drastically.

A free Sector Beast? Against an enslaved Sector Beast? They were actually expected to fight a final battle!

Luo Feng recalled the moment when he had enslaved Morosa. At the time, he had received a warning from the supreme law. The Sector Beasts were a supreme life form that represented destruction. Apparently, attempting to enslave them was difficult in the first place. Now, there was only one surviving Sector Beast that was free of enslavement, and unexpectedly, a fifth iron rule was laid down to hasten the birth of a final king! Obviously, this was to deprive Luo Feng of any chance of preparation.

“I have many Sector Beasts as slaves under my command. By observing them execute ‘Destruction,’ then thoroughly comprehending it, I will be able to ascend to a higher state. So long as I have more time, my power will get stronger. Through this calamity, my chances are higher, too. But now, the supreme law is no longer giving me time.”

Luo Feng’s expression appeared solemn. When his opponent reached the level of sixth-stage as the top, there would be no higher rank to rise to. Yet he could still gradually rise further if he continued with cultivation.

However, now that the fifth iron rule of fate had descended… the ultimate king had to be born.

“The final battle. Is this it?” Luo Feng’s eyes flashed with a complex brilliance. “Then bring it on.”

Luo Feng took control of Star Tower and started to head back to the primal universe. Those Sector Beasts under his command, unfortunately, would not be able to give rise to the birth of a sixth-tier Sector Beast. When it came to making a final decision between the Sector Beasts free of enslavement and the enslaved ones, of course he would choose to strike! If his side won, that would naturally be the perfect outcome.

If that Sector Beast, “Mohe” truly became the ultimate king, that would be a true disaster. Everything Luo Feng sought to protect would be annihilated.

On the eve of this battle, Luo Feng could not help but feel a strong urge to see his own family.

Chapter 1477 - Splendid

Because of Battle, Bright

Because of You

Luo Feng went back to the original universe and back to Milky Way Holy Land.

The final fight was coming, and based on the deadline described by Morosa, Luo Feng knew that he didn’t have much time left. He didn’t have any other thoughts but meeting with his family.

Hua!

Luo Feng landed in a hallway made of green stones. It was a simple courtyard, and in front of the courtyard stood a white-caped woman. Luo Feng smiled at her. She was his wife, Xu Xin! Xu Xin, who had always supported him without any complaints. She didn’t crave him, and she didn’t ask him to give her more time. Was it because she didn’t like him?

When Lou Feng had tried to fight the swallowing beast to death, and everyone had thought he had died, including Xu Xin, she had chosen to die with him after giving birth to his child. Love wasn’t supposed to be a restraint. Instead, it was supposed to be constant care and support.

“Feng.” Xu Xin smiled, and her smile was like a moon in the sky, calming Luo Feng’s soul.

Luo Feng’s wife was the harbor of his heart. He reached out and held her hand. “Let’s go see mom and dad.”

“Okay,” said Xu Xin. She didn’t ask any further questions. She’d been waiting here for a long time, and their parents lived in this courtyard.

They entered the courtyard. Soon, they saw Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan, who sat there talking. After a trillion eras, they still looked the same as before.

“Ah, Feng.” Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan both stood up.

“Mom, Dad!” yelled Luo Feng. When he saw his parents, he was still like that same hard-working student in the dojo during the era of Headquarter City on Earth.

Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan gave each other a look. They both felt that something was wrong with Luo Feng. He already stood among the pinnacle of billions of races, and he was steady and reliable when hanging out with his parents. However, Luo Feng was acting like a child—a child who was deeply attached to his parents.

It was unusual. They both noted this, but neither of them said anything about it.

“Come and sit, Xu Xin.” Gong Xin Lan held her son’s hands. They sat down, and so did Xu Xin.

Luo Feng was talking with his parents and wife like an ordinary human being, and soon, his two sons, Luo Ping and Luo Hai, and his brother, Luo Hua, also arrived. The family gathered together, talking and laughing. However, they had all lived for a long time, so they all sensed something wrong with Luo Feng this time.

It all seemed so normal, which was exactly why it was so abnormal. It was an unusual time! They were facing the Sector Beasts right now! And Luo Feng carried all the responsibilities. How did he have the time and energy to talk with his family? However, nobody said anything, even after talking for a long time. In fact, Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan, Luo Ping, and Luo Hai spoke the most.

“It’s time,” said Luo Feng.

Everyone went quiet.

Luo Feng looked around. He looked at his mom and dad, who had always cared for him! At the brother who had grown up with him. At the two sons who idolized him. And at his wife who had been supporting him this whole time.

“I think you all know now.” Luo Feng nodded. “Something major is happening, and I’ve been keeping it from you. But now, it’s time to tell you.

He had gone to the hive of the Sector Beasts for slaughter, and he had fought 900,000 Sector Beasts, yet he hadn’t shared this information with his family. Even though they knew about the Sector Beast crisis, they didn’t know any of the details. However, if he failed this time, all the races of Universe Ocean would be annihilated— including him! There was no longer any need to shield them from anything.

“What’s happening, brother?” asked Luo Hua.

“Dad.”

“Dad?”

Luo Ping and Luo Hai were looking at Luo Feng anxiously. His parents and his wife also looked at him, worried.

“This is the final act of the Sector Beast crisis,” said Luo Feng. “There can only be two results of this battle. If I win, all the races, including us humans, will be safe and sound. But if I lose, all the races will be annihilated, and the humans will die out as well. The original universe will be destroyed, and so will I… No one can survive it. This will be the final battle.

His parents, his wife, his sons, and his brother were all shocked. This had to do with all the billions of races in Universe Ocean?

“I’m about to leave,” whispered Luo Feng. “I wanted to see you, my parents, and the rest of you, at the last moment before I left.”

Luo Feng looked around at his family members. They were all his family!

“A Feng.” Luo Hong Guo put his hands on his son’s shoulders, embracing him, and he smiled. “Actually, I’m very proud of you. I remember when I was young, when the nirvana came, and we barely survived it. We’ve survived life-and-death situations so many times that we could finally live in Headquarter City, giving birth to you and A Hua.”

Gong Xin Lan also embraced her son.

“Your mom and I are very proud. We never expected that we would be able to tour the universe! We never expected that we would experience so many virtual games as if they were real life. Others only have one lifetime, but we’ve had countless lifetimes already.”

“Our lives are fantastic. And it’s because of you!”

Both Luo Hong Guo and Gong Xin Lan looked at their son.

“Don’t feel burdened. Our Chinese saying goes, ‘a hundred years of life,’ but we’ve lived for countless hundreds of years. Even if we die, we’ll smile as we die.” Luo Hong Guo smiled. “Just go, and don’t feel pressured. Just go and fight them. If you win, we’ll have endless glory, but if you lose, we’ll die with you.”

Luo Feng’s eyes were wet. He didn’t feel any pain. Instead, it was endless joy.

Luo Feng looked at his family members, who weren’t worried at all. “Actually, I’m really selfish,” he said. “I don’t have much time to be with Xu Xin, with my sons, and with my parents… I spent most of my time adventuring through the universe. I’ve been venturing and fighting. Even though I’m doing this for the survival of the earthlings, I’ve actually become accustomed to the life of adventure and combat. I like adventuring, and I love seeing all the mysteries of the universe. I love fighting, and I get excited by dancing between life and death. Without those, my life would be simple and boring.” Luo Feng shook his head. “Although it’s a blessing to live a simple life, I’ve become used to fighting. I’m used to this life.”

Luo Feng looked at all his family. “My life shines because of fighting! And without fighting, it would be boring. However, you guys.” He looked at his parents, holding the hands of his wife, and he looked at his sons and his brother. “You’re the greatest treasure of my life in this world! You are my everything! You’re more important than my own life! Without you, my world would be in darkness forever.”

Family was most important of all—more important than his own life. He would do everything to protect his family! Without them, he would be trapped in darkness forever.

“My life is splendid because of battle, but it is bright because of you!”

Luo Feng looked at his family members. He let go of his parents and stood up.

“Time for me go to.”

The ultimate fight was related to the survival of all the races of Universe Ocean. Luo Feng wouldn’t hide anything. Instead, all the true gods knew about it. True gods from all the races, and even lots of universe masters, had gathered in front of the palace on the square in Milky Way Holy Land.

Luo Feng walked out with his family, and all the races looked at him.

“Milky Way Horde Leader.”

“Milky Way, we count on you now.”

“Milky Way…”

All the races knew that this was the moment.

Luo Feng walked around, passing all the true gods. He saw his teachers: Primal Chaos City Leader, Sitting Mountain Guest, and True Yan. He also saw his friends: Hong, Thunder God, Rong Jun, Wu Ka, Hu Yan Bo, and Babata. Many great beings of the earthlings—even his brother Wei Wen—were there. Great beings from the Remote Ocean (the races created by Luo Feng) were there, as well as his disciples.

“Teacher.”

“A Feng.”

“Milky Way.”

“Luo Feng.”

They all called out to him.

Luo Feng remained the longest in front of his teachers. Primal Chaos City Leader nodded, saying, “You have never let me down.”

Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. “I’ve devoted endless energies to cultivating you, and you turned out even better than I thought… However, you haven’t paid me back yet, so don’t be defeated by the Sector Beasts. You must win this time.”

True Yan tapped on Luo Feng’s shoulders. “You’ll always be my best disciple.”

Luo Feng walked to the front. He turned around and looked at all the great beings standing in the square. There were true gods of the demon race and the bug race who he had fought before, as well as some subsidiary races who had followed his orders. Some of them were his friends, people he cared about…

Everything…

At this moment, Luo Feng felt the full weight of all he had to defend.

I won’t allow it! thought Luo Feng. I won’t allow anything that I’m protecting to be destroyed! I’ll protect everything with my life! I won’t allow it! I won’t allow it to be destroyed!

The great beings from all the races looked at Luo Feng. He looked back at them and smiled.

“I will return!” he said.

Sou!

Luo Feng flew away like a streak of light. If he did come back, it would mean he had succeeded. If he didn’t make it back, all would be lost. The great beings of this universe era would only be remains in the three Lands of Extremis.

Luo Feng was full of strengths! Including the strength of his heart! Because of his family, his teachers, and his friends! He needed to defend them all!

It was all so beautiful, and he wouldn’t allow it to be destroyed! He was willing to sacrifice everything to protect that!

Hong!

A ferocious Sector Beast burst out of the universe membrane and flew toward the area where a silver-armored and silver-winged man stood.

“Master,” said Morosa respectfully.

Luo Feng glanced at Morosa, who had already entered limit level five. Normally, when attaining level three, then level four, and then level five, each level would require time to process. However, under the influence of the supreme laws, Morosa had improved without facing any obstacles.

And now, only one enslaved Sector Beast was still alive. There was also only one free Sector Beast who was still alive.

“Master, Mo He is coming here,” Sector Beast Morosa said anxiously. “Mo He is very fast. Its teleportation distance is clearly much greater than me. Are you sure you can win this fight, master?”

Morosa wasn’t guaranteed to win anything.

“I will win this fight!” whispered Luo Feng. “I have to!”

His voice was firm. He had to win this fight. He had to protect everything he was responsible for defending!

“Go!” Luo Feng took Morosa and teleported. They disappeared and charged toward Sector Beast Mo He.

Chapter 1478 - The Final

Victor

How white and dazzling the two intertwining whirlpool portals were! They were unstoppable.

“They are so powerful. I’m afraid they are even more powerful than my Door of Life.”

The very moment Luo Feng laid eyes on “Destruction of Reincarnation,” he came to a conclusion: If I were to be struck by this technique head-on, confronting force against force, I might get injured. But I have Star Tower, so there is no need for me to meet force with force!

This thought sprang to mind, but the next moment, Luo Feng’s expression changed.

It wasn’t right! He had Star Tower, so he could hide inside. But this was the battle in which the king of the Sector Beasts would be born. There was no way Morosa could hide in Star Tower to avoid this battle along with him. At the moment, Luo Feng was blocking off attacks by standing in front of Morosa, but the moment he hid in Star Tower, Star Tower was bound to be bombarded and blasted far away upon being hit by this impact. Then he would be forced apart from Morosa.

Sector Beast Mo He could fully take advantage of this opportunity to kill Morosa in one blow!

“Against the combined attacks of eight million Sector Beasts, you were still able to stay alive.” Sector Beast Mo He was looking forward to Luo Feng hiding in Star Tower. “This move of mine will never be stronger than the combined attacks of eight million Sector Beasts! However, if you are going to hid in Star Tower, the moment you are blasted away, you will no longer be able to protect Morosa.” Sector Beast Mo He was filled with eagerness. “Go in! Hurry! Get inside Star Tower.”

The root cause of this battle was to determine who, between the two Sector Beasts Mo He and Morosa, who would be the final survivor!

“Star Tower!” Luo Feng suddenly roared.

Before him, a nine-story tower appeared out of nowhere. It was none other than Star Tower, which was now in a horizontal position, resembling a gigantic, pointed cone. It began instantly revolving, transforming into a long river. This long, golden river headed toward the two intertwining whirlpool portals and crashed into them without delay.

After Luo Feng had created the secret technique at top-tier level 12, this move was the newest set of secret techniques Luo Feng came up with upon completing his comprehension of Star Tower. Luo Feng had named it “River of Stars.”

River of Stars against Destruction of Reincarnation!

Peng!

The dazzling golden river collapsed instantly. Star Tower, being bombarded in its entirety, was thrown far into the distance, where it tumbled away. The two whirlpool portal still seemed to be just as mighty as before as they charged straight for Luo Feng, but upon close scrutiny, cracks could be seen on the outer walls of the two intertwining whirlpool portals.

Luo Feng’s eyes were fixated on the two dazzling, intertwining portals. His godly power was blazing to its ultimate limit, and Wu Qi God was propelled to the third level. With both hands, he held Blood Ghost Blade and hacked with his might!

Hua!

A gigantic, white-gold door appeared in the space before Luo Feng. When the great door opened, a white-gold blade light shot out right away to greet the Destruction of Reincarnation portal.

Luo Feng was now using his strongest blade technique: Door of Life!

At the moment of collision, there was silence. Loud bangs followed soon after.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Endless violent bangs resounded; endless impact waves resonated. The two whirlpool portals were already crippled, yet they continued to assault Luo Feng!

At that very moment, Luo Feng stood up straight. The five gigantic pairs of wings folded forward to form an envelope around Luo Feng, keeping him entirely within its embrace. At the same time, Sector Beast Morosa was also completely surrounded by the wings.

Peng!

The impact of a head-on collision threw Luo Feng far into the distance. He tumbled away at a few million times light speed.

Pu!

In the process of being thrown, Luo Feng could not help but spit out blood. The blood splattered all over Morosa, who was kept safe under Luo Feng’s protection.

“Master!” Morosa was agitated and worried about the strike Luo Feng had received.

After a while, Luo Feng stopped tumbling.

“Do as I say.” Luo Feng swallowed the blood in his mouth and looked at Morosa at his side. “Don’t get arrogant and impulsive. I have Wu Qi God and Shi Wu Wings to protect my body! My body is far superior to yours… Even with this remnant of power, you will still die if you are struck by it!”

Morosa nodded frantically. “Understood, Master. I will not do anything to foil Master’s great plan!”

What a joke. Previously, the axe technique used by Mo He had been ten times more powerful than Destruction. It would have been enough to exterminate Morosa. Now, Mo He had divided itself in two, and both bodies were executing Destruction concurrently. The subtle combination of two Destruction whirlpool portals was reflected through the formation of hundreds of millions of spaces. When that happened, its power climbed linearly to reach an incredible level. Even if only a portion of this power remained, it would still be able to exterminate Morosa!

“Hahaha… Milky Way Horde Leader.” From afar, the two Sector Beasts, both of them Mo He, flew over together. “You are smart enough not to hide inside Star Tower. If you had entered Star Tower, Morosa would be dead by now! You are quite impressive, indeed. Still able to resist. But I reckon that more than half your godly power has been consumed, right? Hiding in Star Tower, you will die; if you do not go in, you will still die—and you will die at my hands! Try to receive our attacks again.”

Once again, the two Sector Beasts, Mo He and Mo He, started to execute their moves together.

In the distance, Luo Feng’s expression changed. His godly power was already burning at its limit. To maintain Wu Qi God at its third stage was already very taxing on his power. If it were any other ordinary true god, that godly power would most likely have been used up in a moment, but Luo Feng’s godly power reserve was rich enough, so by sustaining a high degree of consumption, he could easily pull through for a long time.

However, earlier on, when he had been bombarded by the remnant of Destruction of Reincarnation, that one hit had seriously injured him. Although it was not to the extent that Mo He imagined—where more than half of Luo Feng’s godly power was consumed—he had still lost almost 30 percent of his power!

30 percent might not have seemed like much, but given Luo Feng’s godly body, such a loss was scary enough.

Hong! Long! Long!

Once again, the two dazzling, intertwining whirlpool portals in the midst the void space came flying at Luo Feng.

“Go.”

Luo Feng did his best. First, Star Tower blocked off the attack! Then Blood Ghost Blade executed Door of Life again to resist! Then Shi Wu Wings folded together to surround and protect Luo Feng.

Peng!

Luo Feng was thrown into the distance upon impact and tumbled far away.

Fresh blood splattered. His skin was subjected to such violent vibrations that it split open, and his bones trembled just as violently. Luo Feng forced his godly body to absorb the impact of those hits so that Morosa would not be injured, regardless of how much he personally had to endure as a result. No matter what, nothing could be allowed to happen to Morosa.

“Not dead?” The two copies of Mo He in the distance were shocked. For every single time Mo He executed the move, it was actually equivalent to using “Destruction” twice.

This consumed quite a bit of Mo He’s power. Fortunately, it was a sixth-stage Sector Beast now, and a sixth-stage pinnacle one, at that. Its power reserves were enough to allow it to execute Destruction several times.

“Every time, you will be severely injured!” Sector Beast Mo He roared. “Let me see exactly how many times can you take such hits!”

Once again, it executed its strongest move.

“Block,” said Luo Feng.

Luo Feng gritted his teeth and held on. There was no other way.

Given the speed of the whirlpool portal, there was no way he could dodge. And if he hid in Star Tower, it would be no different than sending Morosa to its death.

“I would also like to know,” said Luo Feng, “whether you can execute more, or whether I can block more.”

Luo Feng hung on through clenched teeth.

Once!

Twice!

Thrice!

Ten times!

Eleven times!

“Still not dead!” By now, Sector Beast Mo He was going completely crazy. “I refuse to believe that your godly power is limitless. Meet your doom!”

Sector Beast Mo He was left with no choice. Luo Feng was doing all he could to protect Morosa. Even in the face of such powerful strikes, he was not dodging or hiding.

Mo He really had no other choice. In this battle for the birth of the ultimate king, it had no way of backing out.

“For the glory of my Sector Beast race…” Mo He’s eyes were filled with madness. “I must win. Human, meet your doom!”

The two dazzling, intertwining whirlpool portals appeared again.

“What I seek to protect in my heart I shall not allow to be destroyed.” Luo Feng’s look was just as fearsome as both his hands wielded Blood Ghost Blade. “You ought to be the one meeting his doom!”

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Thirteen times, fourteen times, fifteen times…

This was the final battle. It was the battle for the birth of the king. While it might be said that Mo He and Morosa were fighting to give rise to the final victor, the truth was that Mo He and Luo Feng were battling one another! Luo Feng was Morosa’s protector. As long as Luo Feng remained alive, there was no chance at all for Mo He to kill Morosa. Conversely, with Luo Feng out of the picture, Mo He could easily become king.

The 30th time!

“I don’t believe this! I don’t believe your godly power is unlimited!” Sector Beast Mo He was in a state of insanity. It had used up a good half of its total power. It had attacked 30 times, which was as good as executing Destruction 60 times.

“Why is it still able to sustain?” Luo Feng wondered, his eyes bloodshot.

He begrudged the current situation. He was down to 10 percent of his godly power. It would take only three or four more hits for his godly power to be completely used up.

On the one hand, this was a pinnacle sixth-stage Sector Beast. The power reserve of such a beast was unbelievably extensive. On the other hand, Luo Feng had a perfect godly body at a life gene level of 100,000 times. Unfortunately, there was not enough time. Luo Feng’s godly power wasn’t able to build up to the level of the ultimate limit. He wasn’t being given any time at all.

“Die!” Sector Beast Mo He roared. “The ultimate king will not be enslaved!”

Hong!

This was attack number 32!

Luo Feng’s eyes split open. Traces of blood were gushing and splattering. His entire being fell into a state of absolute madness.

“I must protect the ones I seek to defend! I cannot lose! I cannot!” At this moment, Luo Feng was sent tumbling again. His godly power was sharply reduced, dropping to an amount that would allow him to bear just one last hit. He could sense that Sector Beast Mo He had yet to be forced into its final desperation. Yet Luo Feng had been reduced to his final stage of resistance.

“I cannot lose!”

Luo Feng fell into utter insanity.

At this juncture, various scenes flashed through his mind. To help his younger brother get on his feet again, he had stolen the steel-armored dragon’s egg…

He had set his soul ablaze in order to perish with the devouring beasts…

When he first made his way off Earth, he had proudly risen up in the universe battle of talents…

He had knelt before True Yan to become a disciple of True Yan…

Various scenes replayed in his mind.

Sitting Mountain Guest, True Yan, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Huge Axe… Xu Xin, Luo Ping, and Luo Hai… Rong Jun, Wu Ka, and Bolan… Their faces flashed through his mind.

“I cannot lose.”

For all the important people and things he sought to protect. Step by step, he had made his way from Earth to where he was now. He had transcended everything in his life… He had to stand by what he sought to protect; it was his responsibility!

“Get up!”

An unyielding willpower! An unmovable, steadfast willpower! For everything important to him, he burned with endlessly might willpower!

At that moment, he erupted!

Hong!

Luo Feng’s willpower finally transcended the ultimate limit of an eternal true god to reach an even higher domain. It was truly high enough to be the “holy” domain!

As Luo Feng prepared to go into the final battle, as he was bidding his family farewell—that was when the change in his willpower had begun brewing. At that moment, for everything he sought to protect by giving his all, his willpower erupted.

A breakthrough!

“The ultimate king can only be a free Sector Beast!” Sector Beast Mo He felt as though it could taste victory as it witnessed Lou Feng’s crazy demeanor. “Go to hell.”

From a distance, Mo He saw Luo Feng get back on his feet and set his gaze far ahead.

That look…

At that moment, everything in Mo He’s surroundings suddenly disappeared. Only Luo Feng’s eyes, which had transformed into gigantic planets, remained, revolving and emitting endless power. An extremely acute willpower, almost like a sharp blade, pierced right through Sector Beast Mo He’s willpower.

Supreme willpower secret technique: “Linear Element Technique.”

The godly king of Jin had waited for a trillion eras for the appearance of a being who could master Linear Element Technique. This was a secret technique that drove many godly kings crazy. It was a terrifying technique that could annihilate even the most top-tiered talents from the ancient civilization if they merely tried to master it. To be able to master it, one’s willpower had to first undergo sanctification to become holy.

This secret technique was one Luo Feng had studied repeatedly umpteen times. The moment his willpower was sanctified, he would acquire all he needed to learn it instantly.

Hong!

The eyes of both Sector Beasts, Mo He and the other Mo He, went dull. Then, instantly, they lost consciousness. The few million other bodies, scattered all over Universe Ocean, all lost consciousness after their eyes went dull.

Luo Feng pointed afar. “Die.”

An illusory beast head appeared and instantly started boring its way into the body of Sector Beast Mo He. It was going to launch a direct attack at Mo He’s soul!

Sector Beast Mo He’s willpower was originally powerful, so it was able to bear the impact of ordinary soul attacks. But now, in its unconscious state, it did not have a trace of resistance. It was like a candle that could be extinguished with a single breath. There was not an ounce of resistance. Instantly, its soul was annihilated.

A few million other bodies were, within an instant, all annihilated.

“Ha…” Standing far away in the void space, Luo Feng’s body trembled slightly. Soon, he lost all control. Throwing his head back, he laughed heartily. “Hahahaha…! I did it, I did it, I did it! Hahaha…” At that moment, Luo Feng laughed as if he had gone mad; he seemed to be carried away with the laughter and completely lost all composure.

Chapter 1479

He won.

Finally, he had won the fight. This was the most exciting moment for Luo Feng in a trillion eras.

“Back!” Luo Feng pointed.

Hua!

Star Tower was floating up above, and the black hole at the base swallowed both of the bodies of Sector Beast Mo He and Morosa standing beside him! Morosa was a slave of Luo Feng, so he couldn’t resist it at all.

“No matter what.” Luo Feng was exhilarated, but he still kept his cool, “I can’t be careless and doom myself. If you want to become the ultimate king of Sector Beasts, make a breakthrough in my Star Tower.”

Mo He was dead. Morosa was the single, final Sector Beast. It could now evolve and become the ultimate king.

The king of Sector Beasts was the most precious, most perfect, and most noble of them all. It represented the destruction origin of all life. It was so noble that it could rival the original universe… Luo Feng couldn’t be sure that such a noble creature could be enslaved. If Morosa suddenly shook off Luo Feng’s enslavement when it was becoming a king and destroyed all the races, including Luo Feng, everything would be in vain. That was why Luo Feng had put Morosa back in his Star Tower, even if he was exhilarated!

Star Tower was a godly king weapon! Once Morosa was trapped inside Star Tower, it wouldn’t be able to break out, as it was only a newborn king of the Sector Beasts! Even a Sector Beast who had reached it pinnacle level—one that could destroy an entire kingdom in the ancient civilization—couldn’t break out, as it was only a bit stronger than godly kings. As for Morosa, it was just a newborn king of the Sector Beasts.

If I can still enslave it, then everything will be fine, Luo Feng thought. If I can’t enslave it anymore, I’ll keep it in Star Tower forever until I can kill it.

Although he was worried, he still believed that he was able to enslave the ultimate king. Since he had been able to enslave Morosa, it ought to be possible for him to enslave the king of the Sector Beasts. Besides, the final battle had been between an enslaved Sector Beast and a free Sector Beast. If the ultimate king couldn’t be enslaved, there was no point for the battle.

Everything has a chance, Luo Feng thought. To enslave a Sector Beast, someone’s life gene level must attain 100,000 times to turn his godly power to the power of Sector Beasts. Also, he has to have exceptional willpower! Then he can actually enslave a Sector Beast. To enslave the king of Sector Beasts, he also needs to destroy the entire Sector Beast race.

A life gene level of 100,000 times! Exceptional willpower! The destruction of the entire Sector Beast race! Three conditions, and all needed to be met to enslave the king.

Luo Feng had met all the criteria. If the supreme laws let Morosa shake off the enslavement at this moment, it would be unfair. At least, that was Luo Feng’s opinion!

Inside the space of suppression in Star Tower, the two bodies of the ferocious Sector Beast Mo He lay there while Sector Beast Morosa stood to the side.

“Ah!” Both the heads of Sector Beast Morosa shot up.

A supreme force arrived, surrounding Morosa.

Luo Feng stood at the edge of the space of suppression, watching. The supreme laws? he thought. No wonder the king of Sector Beasts stands in opposition to the original universe!

Hua!

Both of Sector Beast Mo He’s bodies were annihilated and vanished. All those millions of bodies of Mo He scattered everywhere immediately vanished. This surprised Luo Feng, as he’d thought Morosa was going to eat the bodies.

Hong! Long! Long!

A powerful force was born, and it infused the body of Morosa.

Each force had the appearance of the Sector Beast. Even though all those Sector Beasts looked very similar, they were somehow different. Luo Feng could even identify Qi Ya, Beddy, and the other Sector Beasts he had encountered. All the forces of the Sector Beasts infused the body of Morosa.

Hou!

Morosa couldn’t help yelling in excitement. Its body was bulging, and the bloody engraving picture on its body was getting increasingly complicated, as if an invisible hand was drawing on its body. At the same time, both the heads had a horn, and each horn was emitting white light from its tip.

The forces kept coming. The forces of all the dead Sector Beasts gathered and merged with it. Soon, Morosa had reached top-tier level six. Morosa stayed there for a long while, until the last powerful force merged in. It was the force of Sector Beast Mo He!

Hong!

It kept infusing. The power of all the dead Sector Beasts infused its body, which made Morosa cry out. Soon, one white character after another emerged from its body. The gleaming white characters were surrounding Morosa, so that Luo Feng couldn’t even see it anymore. He could only sense that a terrifying force was reacting.

“Incredible.” Luo Feng was thrilled. “The power of all the Sector Beasts merged into one! One out of a billion Sector Beasts! Each of the Sector Beasts is as powerful as a true god, the attack of a billion true gods is more powerful than an eternal true god, yet those energies only add up to a king of Sector Beasts that has just entered its growth period.”

The power was there. Those gleaming white characters were dimming while new characters showed up all the time. It was as if they were telling an ancient secret. A single horrifying, destructive force was tumbling. It was the destruction origin of the supreme laws. The king of Sector Beasts represented the complete destruction origin.

After a long time, the supreme law force was finally gone. The billions of characters that previously surrounded Morosa’s body were gone, and only after that did Luo Feng see the appearance of Morosa.

“This, this…”

Luo Feng looked at the newborn king of the Sector Beasts in shock. A transparent, giant white life form was standing there. Its body was perfect. It had two hands and two legs, a mouth, a nose, and two eyes, but it didn’t have ears. There were two horns on its forehead, pointing forward.

It looked holy and beautiful. Even some of the most beautiful individuals of the human race, or even the alluring bug empresses, were inferior to it.

It was so beautiful and natural, containing supreme mysteries. Without those two horns, it would have looked like an innocent and lovable child, yet with those two horns, it had the supreme power of the throne.

“King of the Sector Beasts?” whispered Luo Feng. “Those hideous and savage monsters, with dark skin and two heads… Their ultimate king is more beautiful than any creature I’ve seen. Even bug race empress looks ugly compared to this.”

It was perfect.

“Master.” The being’s skin condensed into armor, and it bowed and saluted Luo Feng. “Thank you for making me, Morosa, the ultimate king.”

Luo Feng looked at Morosa. He could sense it. It was true. His soul control was deeply ingrained in the soul of this king of the Sector Beasts. He could crush the soul of the king with one thought.

Just as he had expected, after a series of tests, he was qualified to enslave the ultimate king.

“Morosa,” Luo Feng chuckled. “Now, you’re more beautiful than any other creature.”

“I can turn into any shape, and I can change the forces as well,” said Morosa respectfully. Its body changed, and it turned into Divine Eye True Master. Then it turned into Rampaging Devil God. Then Hong and Primal Chaos City Leader. Even their auras were the same.

Luo Feng smiled. The king of the Sector Beasts also had the ability to be “Invisible and Formless.”

“What other abilities do you have now?” asked Luo Feng.

Morosa answered modestly. “I still have the ability to have ten million bodies. Besides, I’ve mastered the complete destruction origin, and I can keep comprehending the destruction origin so that I can be more powerful. Plus, the sector inside my body is perfected, so it can breed many powerful warriors. Warriors that are much stronger than level-six Sector Beasts.”

“Oh?” Luo Feng was thrilled.

Lucky him.

Fortunately, he had won. If Mo He had become the king of the Sector Beasts, he wouldn’t have stood a chance at all. The king still had ten million bodies, while it was able to breed lots of warriors… It was amazing.

“Of course, the king of the Sector Beasts isn’t almighty,” said Morosa humbly. “I still need to swallow lots of energies and lots of valuables to provide my warriors with sufficient vigor.”

“Ha… There’s a Purple Moon Holy Land waiting for you to swallow.” Luo Feng smiled.

“It will be my honor.” Morosa smiled.

Luo Feng looked at Morosa carefully. Morosa had been reckless and grumpy before. However, it was now calm and peaceful. Apparently, its demeanor had totally changed now that it possessed the complete destruction origin.

“What level are you at now, compared to us? Universe masters? True gods? Void space level? Or higher?” asked Luo Feng curiously.

“I’ve just entered the growth period,” said Morosa. “I should be at the level of void space according to your training system.”

A true god of void space? Luo Feng nodded. It was as he had expected.

“I’m different from you, master,” said Morosa. “I don’t have any upper limit on my power. If I can keep swallowing and comprehending, then I’ll keep improving myself… I have mastered the destruction origin, so no matter how slowly I am comprehending, I’ll reach the pinnacle level eventually. When I reach that level, I’ll be at the same level as the pinnacle original universe, and with one strike, I’ll have the power of a strike by the original universe. However, the original universe is used to breed countless lives. It can’t make attacks by itself.”

Luo Feng was thrilled. The original universe couldn’t attack on its own. However, if it really could strike on its own, given its vast volume, it could definitely reach the level of godly kings. No wonder the Sector Beasts were considered a catastrophe even in the ancient civilization!

Only a multitude of kingdoms teaming up could resist the Sector Beasts. Apparently, several godly kings alone were not powerful enough to resist the army of the Sector Beasts.

“The lives of the original universe need to transcend incarnations when we reach the level of void space,” asked Luo Feng. “Morosa, do you also need to transcend incarnations now that you’re at the level of void space?”

Chapter 1480

“Transcend reincarnation?” Morosa shook its head. “Master, you are a life form of the primal universe. But I am not. The level I am at now might be the equivalent to a true god of void space level… but no one has ever forced me into transcending reincarnation.”

Luo Feng lamented and sighed. That was how impressive it was. Being at a comparable status as the primal universe, even the willpower of the origin would have no way of coercing it to do anything against its wishes.

“Let’s go,” Luo Feng said. “You need to make a trip to Purple Moon Holy Land with me.”

“Yes, Master.” Morosa’s eyes revealed a hint of anticipation. Of course, it knew what it was going to be doing.

There was not a single hint of pity in Luo Feng’s eyes. Previously, he’d had to deal with the Sector Beast crisis, so in light of the most important matters at hand, he had put all else aside. There had been no time to waste. But now, the crisis was over. Purple Moon Holy Land had constantly oppressed the humans, always trying to kill him. They had targeted him multiple times, becoming his sworn enemy long ago! And he also needed to retrieve the last component of his Shi Wu Wings.

Hu!

Star Tower teleported right away and vanished within the vast, chaotic airflow.

While Luo Feng and Morosa made their way to Purple Moon Holy Land Universe, a gathering was taking place in the Pantheon Sanctuary of the virtual universe. The humans and other races from the Hong Alliance and various groups of powers—like the demons, the bugs, the Space Beast Alliance, the Ancestral God School, and even some of the supreme masters who were lone travelers like Sitting Mountain Guest—had gathered here!

Silence.

The most they did was exchange conversations via voice transmissions. The worry in their eyes and on their faces was difficult to conceal. This final battle concerned the life and death of all the races. If the news they received was a nightmare, that would mean all of them would be annihilated.

Seated at the highest level, garbed in his white robe, Luo Feng’s eyes were shut. No one dared to disturb him.

Hua!

Suddenly, Luo Feng opened his eyes. The many true gods had set aside a part of their thoughts to keep tabs on Luo Feng. At that moment, they all looked over. Even the many universe masters outside the Pantheon Sanctuary got to their feet. They were all watching the great hall from afar. Anticipation filled their eyes as they all waited for Luo Feng to announce the outcome.

“Dear all,” he said.

Luo Feng looked below; a smile suddenly broke out over his face.

Just one smile, and right away, all the true gods below, and even the universe masters outside had an inkling of the answer. However, if they did not hear it straight from Luo Feng, could not rest assured of the certainty of the answer. One by one, they held their breath and stared hard at Luo Feng. They were all waiting for him to make the announcement.

“The final battle. We won!” Luo Feng’s voice rang loud and clear. “The Sector Beast crisis is over. This reincarnation generation is still going to continue for several trillion eras. Fret not, everyone!”

All the true gods below cheered at the same time.

“Hahaha!”

“Victory, victory!”

“Great!”

“We won!”

They were all top-tiered existences that stood at the peak of their own races, but at that moment, none of them could be bothered about proper conduct! The universe masters outside Pantheon Sanctuary were just as excited.

Sitting Mountain Guest, who was seated below, looked at Luo Feng from afar. He, too, smiled. At long last, he could let out a sigh of relief.

“Luo Feng.” Primal Chaos City Leader turned to look at Luo Feng. Laughing had never felt more natural than it did now. “My disciple, you have never disappointed me.”

The atmosphere was filled with jubilation.

The various races all knew the outcome, and the news spread like wildfire. Even the handful of true gods from the first and second reincarnation eras who had lost their miniature universes and thus gone into hiding in Universe Ocean heard the news.

“It was a success?”

“We pulled through?”

The others like Jue He True God and Rampaging Devil God, who were scattered all over Universe Ocean, were extremely lonely. When they learned of the news, they were not very happy because their miniature universes and all their people had been exterminated. Now, they would spend their lives as lonely souls, waiting for doomsday to arrive.

Within East Emperor Holy Land Universe, East Emperor Ancestor was pacing the vast continent, watching the lives of his people. “Have we pulled through?”

Some of his people were so weak that their lives would not even surpass 100 years. Traversing the great continent and seeing the life-and-death reincarnations, East Emperor Ancestor was already prepared, but the moment the news reached him, the joy in his heart simply could not be contained and came surging out.

“Hahaha…” East Emperor Ancestor threw his head back and laughed heartily. He was laughing for himself as well as his own people.

The entire East Emperor Universe, including all the true gods and universe masters, were extremely excited. They were all rejoicing and celebrating because they had made it through this calamity.

It was the same joyous atmosphere within the Purple Moon Holy Land Universe. Not only were the universe masters and true gods getting emotional, but even Purple Moon Ancestor was delighted.

“I have extraordinary opportunities,” said Purple Moon Ancestor. “I am bound for great achievements. How can it be possible for me to meet my downfall in the face of this Sector Beast calamity?”

Purple Moon Ancestor was relaxed and happy. Then a glimmer of anger flashed in his eyes.

“That Luo Feng unexpectedly managed to stop this Sector Beast crisis from happening. His great potential is indeed intimidating. He will become my greatest opponent in the future. Why did he not perish along with the Sector Beasts? Forget it. Since he managed to survive this time around.” Purple Moon Ancestor shook his head. “Seems like I can only look forward to the future to see whether he is more powerful or I am more powerful. For now, I don’t believe I will lose to him.”

Then Purple Moon Ancestor pushed aside all thoughts of Luo Feng. He joined his underlings, as they all started their celebration banquet. Surviving a crisis was indeed a major event worthy of celebration.

Just as all the higher-ups of Purple Moon Holy Land were happily celebrating, amidst the void space surrounding Purple Moon Holy Land Universe, Star Tower appeared. Two figures walked out from the side door at the base of Star Tower. One of them was a man clad in silver armor: Luo Feng, a. And the other was a handsome king with a pair of curved horns: Morosa.

“Purple Moon Holy Land.” Luo Feng looked into the distance at the gigantic miniature universe. “It’s time for annihilation.”

Both parties had long been sworn enemies! Would Luo Feng go easy on them?

“Morosa, how long will you need to swallow it all?” Luo Feng asked persistently.

“I am different from the second-stage and third-stage Sector Beasts,” Morosa said with a smile. “My sector is now truly perfect. My ability to swallow naturally reached a new level high. It should be very fast, but I need to try before I will know exactly how long I will need.”

“Hmm… You may begin.” Luo Feng instructed.

Morosa nodded.

It looked into the distance at Purple Moon Holy Land Universe. Then its pair of horns suddenly shot out countless distorted white ray of light. The tip of each horn was like the source. Together, the tips of its two horns resembled the constellation Gemini. The tips of its horns were influencing one another, forming a strange gravitational force that completely shrouded the faraway Purple Moon Holy Land Universe.

Hong!

Time and space trembled and vibrated, then became distorted. A dazzling radiance followed the countless distorted rays of light and crazily penetrated Morosa’s body. Morosa became immeasurably dazzling—like a sun a trillion times brighter than anything else.

Luo Feng looked to his side at Morosa. The king of the Sector Beasts was so dazzling that Luo Feng could not clearly make out its features.

“How is it?” he asked.

“Purple Moon Ancestor must be trying to use his willpower for additional power, as he tries his best to put up a resistance,” Morosa said. “This Purple Moon Holy Land Universe is very big, indeed. Such an extremely powerful origin. With the support of his own willpower… if I want to devour it, I would need some time. Probably around one day.”

“One day?” Luo Feng laughed.

Second-stage and third-stage Sector Beasts would have required around 100,000 years to finish devouring everything. The king of the Sector Beast only required a day.

“This is the day I have been waiting for.” Luo Feng laughed.

Within the Purple Moon Holy Land Universe, Purple Moon Ancestor had originally been seated high up above everyone else while the true gods and universe masters were helping themselves to delectable cuisine and fine wine, overjoyed as they conversed incessantly at loud volumes.

But now…

“Sector Beasts are devouring?”

“Ancestor, are you saying the Sector Beasts are devouring our Purple Moon Holy Land?”

“How is that possible? The primal universe sent us a message informing us that the Sector Beast crisis is over, right? Hasn’t Milky Way Horde Leader gotten rid of all the Sector Beasts?”

There was an uproar among the crowd.

Purple Moon Ancestor stood above them all, his face filled with anger as he shouted furiously at them, “There are Sector Beasts devouring the origin of our Purple Moon Holy Land Universe right now! This is my miniature universe; how would I not know? Could I be wrong with something like this? Hurry, send the message to those of us in the primal universe right away. Tell them! The Sector Beasts have yet to be exterminated, and they are attacking my miniature universe right now.”

“Yes, Ancestor.”

“Understood.”

“Understood.”

The true gods and universe masters beneath him were flustered. They all started to transmit messages to the true gods in the primal universe.

Purple Moon Ancestor stood way up high with a face filled with hostility. He was angry and anxious. His miniature universe was being devoured in a continuous manner, and the speed at which it was being devoured scared him!

He was also fuming mad at Milky Way Horde Leader Luo Feng, who had claimed that the Sector Beast calamity was over. Why were there Sector Beasts coming to devour his miniature universe again?

Could it be that Luo Feng lost? Purple Moon Ancestor wondered to himself. He must have known everything would be exterminated. Could it be that, before the extermination, he has decided to go crazy and wantonly spread false news of his victory? Anyway, he will have to be exterminated if he lost, right? So, in his moment of insanity, he must have purposefully come up with such a ploy.

Purple Moon Ancestor started to let his thoughts run wild in his anxiety.

It had never occurred to him that a Sector Beast would become Luo Feng’s slave! In light of this, Luo Feng had never publicized it. Even the groups of top powers from the primal universe were equally clueless about the fact that Luo Feng had enslaved a Sector Beast!

In the virtual universe, at the Pantheon Sanctuary, true gods and universe masters from various races were all gathered. They were holding a grand ceremony to celebrate their victory over the Sector Beasts. They had stemmed the tide of the Sector Beast crisis.

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader were seated at the topmost level. Joy and laughter filled the room.

Suddenly, a voice resounded, saying, “The Sector Beasts have not been exterminated! The Sector Beasts are devouring Purple Moon Holy Land Universe now!”

As the voice rang out, the entire Pantheon Sanctuary instantly fell silent.

“Yes, the Sector Beasts were not exterminated. There is already news coming from Purple Moon Holy Land. They are being attacked by the Sector Beasts, and the origin of Purple Moon Holy Land universe is currently being devoured!”

“Purple Moon Holy Land is in the middle of being attacked by the Sector Beasts.”

“There are still Sector Beasts around!”

There was an instant uproar within the Pantheon Sanctuary. Would Milky Way Horde Leader lie? Everyone was on pins and needles.

Space Beast Ancestor also voiced his concerns. “Milky Way Horde Leader, are the Sector Beasts completely wiped out, or are there still some surviving Sector Beasts?”

Nine Remoteness True Master was also worried. “Milky Way, if there are remnants of the Sector Beasts roaming around, we must quickly get rid of them. Otherwise, when the few remaining Sector Beasts start to grow and develop, they will again impose a great threat on us.”

“Dear all.”

Luo Feng looked down at everyone, and the moment he spoke, everyone quietened down.

“Rest assured,” he said. “The Sector Beast crisis is now over. If you don’t believe me, you can ask the three ancestral gods… I believe the three ancestral gods will have received news from the willpower of the origin. They will know whether or not the Sector Beast crisis is over.”

Instantly, everyone within the Pantheon Sanctuary looked at the three ancestral gods.

The three ancestral gods looked at one another.

The old ancestral god spoke up. “The Sector Beast crisis is, most certainly, a thing of the past. Period.”

“Hahaha…”

“We are relieved to hear what the ancestral god has said!”

The tense atmosphere within the Pantheon Sanctuary immediately eased up. However, there were still a handful of true gods asking, “Why would Purple Moon Holy Land say that the Sector Beasts are attacking their holy land universe?”

Luo Feng looked down. “It is not an attack from the Sector Beasts! It’s me. I am the one attacking! It will not take long for Universe Ocean to be forever rid of Purple Moon Holy Land!”

Chapter 1481 - Deep in

Universe Ocean

Purple Moon Holy Land would no longer exist in Universe Ocean?

The true gods seated down there looked at each other. They all knew it. If the ancestral gods who could talk to the original mind of the original universe said the crisis of the Sector Beasts had passed, then it was the truth. Luo Feng really might have been the one who was attacking Purple Moon Holy Land.

After all, aside from the Sector Beasts, only Luo Feng was powerful enough to destroy Purple Moon Holy Land!

How powerful was Luo Feng? None of the true gods knew exactly, but they all knew he was powerful! They hadn’t witnessed how he had killed all those eight million Sector Beasts. But they had seen 900,000 Sector Beasts rush to Universe Ocean and destroy the miniature universes of the first and the second universe eras—at least, the true gods from the two universe eras had seen it.

The Sector Beasts could easily annihilate all the races. However, they had all been destroyed by Luo Feng.

If the Sector Beasts were terrifying to begin with, then what about Luo Feng? The one who had annihilated all the Sector Beasts? It was terrifying to even think about it, in addition to his other achievements.

In the World of Jin, hundreds of universe masters had been killed at the same time. As just a universe master, he had become the most powerful great being in Universe Ocean! Divine Eye True God and others had machine-type valuables, yet they were still no match for Luo Feng. When he became a true god, all the races, including the true gods, saluted him!

It all demonstrated the extraordinary power of Milky Way Horde Leader!

Inside Purple Moon Holy Land.

“Perhaps Luo Feng wasn’t lying. He did kill many Sector Beasts, but there’s a chance that there are some that remain.”

Purple Moon Ancestor’s eyes gleamed, and he yelled. “Tell the original universe that there are still some Sector Beasts! Tell Milky Way Horde Leader to come here and kill the Sector Beasts!”

Everyone was silent. Many universe masters looked up at Purple Moon Ancestor.

Purple Moon Ancestor frowned and yelled, “What’s happening?”

“Ancestor!” yelled a universe master standing down there. “A piece of news just arrived from the original universe. Milky Way Horde Leader admitted that it’s him who’s attacking Purple Moon Holy Land. Luo Feng wants to destroy Purple Moon Holy Land.”

“What?” Purple Moon Ancestor was shocked. “Impossible!” he roared in a rage. “It can’t be Luo Feng. It has to be Sector Beasts! It’s Sector Beasts that are eating the origin of my miniature universe.”

“Ancestor, the original mind of the original universe already told the three ancestral gods that the Sector Beast crisis was already over!” cried an elder with three heads and eight arms. “That Luo Feng has immense power, and he indeed destroyed all the Sector Beasts. He’s more horrifying than the Sector Beasts! He must be using some special skills to deal with this holy land.”

Everyone was crying. They were filled with regret. If the holy land was destroyed, the entire race would go extinct. None of them were afraid of death. However, they would be damned if the entire race was annihilated.

But what could they do? Try to stop him? All of them combined were nothing compared to a single strike from Luo Feng.

“How…? How is it possible?” Purple Moon Ancestor was horrified. “Even the original mind of the original universe admitted it? Luo Feng… He—he’s attacking my miniature universe? He’s only a true god. How can he destroy my miniature universe?”

Purple Moon Ancestor found it hard to believe. Even if Luo Feng was at a supreme level, this was, after all, a miniature universe of true gods of void space. How could it be destroyed?

Purple Moon Ancestor had set Luo Feng up without any fear that Luo Feng would take revenge. He hadn’t believed Luo Feng could do anything to him. And that was true; Luo Feng, indeed, couldn’t do anything about the miniature universes of true gods of void space, but the king of the Sector Beasts could.

The king of the Sector Beasts was even able to eat the origin of the original universe, not to mention Purple Moon Holy Land.

“Go. Go meet Luo Feng. These are his coordinate!” Purple Moon Ancestor clenched his teeth. “Ask him if he will spare the billions of lives from Purple Moon Holy Land. We’ll say yes to any conditions he has.”

“Yes, Ancestor.”

More than ten beings rushed out immediately. Perhaps it was shameful for them to beg for mercy, but temporary shame was still better than the extinction of their races and the loss of all hope!

“How—how did I get here?” Purple Moon Ancestor raised his head and closed his eyes.

15 great beings flew out to where Purple Moon Ancestor sensed the source of the swallowing. At those coordinates, all 15 great beings instantly teleported and drew close to the coordinates.

Hong! Long! Long!

Endless golden waves permeated.

“Milky Way Horde Leader, if you’re willing to spare all the lives in Purple Moon Holy Land, we’ll say yes to any conditions…” The 15 great beings flew into the golden waves and moved forward.

Peng!

A wave rushed toward them, and all 15 great beings were instantly annihilated.

Deep in the area, Luo Feng and Morosa stood there while Morosa was performing his ability to absorb.

Luo Feng sneered. “You tried to destroy the human race before. Why didn’t you think of the billions of lives of my race? You tried to destroy my race before, so don’t blame us for you dying out.”

Luo Feng didn’t even care to negotiate. He killed everyone who approached.

Luo Feng wouldn’t allow the beings from Purple Moon Holy Land to come here. Otherwise, the great beings from Purple Moon Holy Land would see Morosa. Perhaps they wouldn’t have been able to tell that Morosa was a Sector Beast, but just in case, Luo Feng didn’t want the great beings from Purple Moon Holy Land to see Morosa.

Luo Feng wouldn’t tell anyone from the original universe about the existence of Morosa. After all, it was related to lots of things!

There were too many mysteries in Universe Ocean. The body of the Godly King of Jin that had flown from the depths of Universe Ocean made Luo Feng realize that there might be some secrets in Universe Ocean that were unknown. When the king of the Sector Beasts reached the pinnacle level, it had been a catastrophe even in the ancient civilization, and it had been easy for it to destroy Jin Country. He couldn’t let the news out.

As long as he didn’t say anything, and Morosa also had the ability to be “Invisible and Formless,” nobody would be able to recognize it.

It would be his trump card. He needed to hide it well.

“Ancestor, our bodies were killed the second we rushed into the area of that domain. We couldn’t even see Luo Feng’s face.”

“The second group.” Purple Moon Ancestor clenched his teeth.

Another group of great beings went out, but they were also annihilated. Some even sent messages to their friends in the original universe, asking them to send the messages to Luo Feng. But he still refused.

“Hahaha…” Purple Moon suddenly guffawed, baffling all the universe masters and true gods seated down there.

“I can’t believe I’ve been proud for so long, yet I’m being destroyed by this Milky Way Horde Leader.” Purple Moon Ancestor guffawed. “Go, go!” he said, waving his hands. “Go and meet your friends and families. There’s still half a day to go before everything is no more.”

The universe masters and true gods down below couldn’t control their emotions either.

“There’s no eternal glory, and everything has an incarnation. We’re dying today, but that Luo Feng will also die someday.”

“We’ve existed for a long time. That’s much better than the races that only lasted for three universe eras.”

“I’m satisfied already.”

“The human race will be extinct someday.”

Some had already been content. Some were swearing at Luo Feng and the humans. More great beings flew out of the palace to take their final action before they died. They went to see their hometowns, to see their disciples, and to await their deaths.

Hu!

Purple Moon Ancestor walked out of the palace, entering the origin of his universe. Inside the origin, he could see every part of Purple Moon Holy Land.

“It’s all over,” whispered Purple Moon Ancestor. “My race will go extinct as well. However, I won’t admit defeat. I’ll never admit defeat!”

As Luo Feng watched, that giant universe started to crack and crumble. It was crumbling very quickly compared to when Huge Axe had been killed. When Huge Axe was killed, the origin of his miniature universe was still intact, so it would only collapse slowly. However, for a miniature universe whose origin was swallowed, the membrane would disintegrate and fade away soon.

“It’s coming.” The five pairs of wings on Luo Feng’s back were shaking, and a trace of light was flying toward him from the broken Purple Moon Holy Land.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Luo Feng kept teleporting and getting closer.

“The final pair of wings.”

The other five pairs of wings also flew out, combining with the pair of silver wings flying toward him.

“Chaotic Golden Wings.”

Luo Feng looked at the six pairs of gleaming wings floating in the sky and couldn’t help smiling. It was the complete set of Chaotic Golden Wings.

Even though he was already at a superior level—having reached the level of a top-tier true god of void space—he still wasn’t qualified to use the fifth level of Shi Wu Wing. The fifth level was driven by eternal true gods! Knowing that, and given the fact that it would take an ordinary Sector Beast 100,000 years to swallow Purple Moon Holy Land, Luo Feng had waited until this moment to tackle Purple Moon Holy Land.

“Haha.” Luo Feng had his six pairs of wings wide open. “They’re complete now. However, there’s still some damage inside the fifth pair of wings.”

The other five pairs of wings making up his Shi Wu Wings had already been repaired by the energies in the origin. The last pair of wings weren’t repaired yet.

“If I can burn my godly power to the limit, then I can repair it.” Luo Feng gave it a try. “However, it’s going to take a very long time. If I were an eternal true god, I would be able to repair it instantly. No need to rush. I have all the time in the world.”

Luo Feng teleported and flew toward the broken Purple Moon Holy Land. It was a holy land, after all, and there could be some remains from the three Lands of Extremis. Luo Feng searched everywhere, and he gained quite a bit.

“Huh?” Luo Feng stood in the space, and there were space fragments and broken lands everywhere.

He stood at the point where the origin of the holy land used to be.

Luo Feng frowned and looked around. “The holy land is broken, but where is Purple Moon Ancestor?”

The miniature universe was broken, but that only meant the great being couldn’t be improved anymore. It didn’t kill the great being.

Purple Moon Ancestor could still be alive.

Purple Moon Ancestor and East Emperor Ancestor are the only ones who could put up with the Sector Beasts and not do anything about it, Luo Feng thought. Even if he wanted to kill me. Even if hundreds of universe masters were killed, Purple Moon Ancestor has never stepped out of the holy land, and I still can’t see him even after the holy land has been destroyed.

“Does that mean he isn’t in his holy land?” whispered Luo Feng. “Could it be that only his godly power avatar was in the holy land? Then…”

Luo Feng turned his head, and he looked at the end of the chaos air. That was where the giant object that might be Godly King of Jin was flying.

Are there other secrets in the depths of Universe Ocean? wondered Luo Feng. The secrets of the ancient civilization… And Purple Moon Ancestor is also there.

Chapter 1482 - Releasing

Teacher Origin

Luo Feng looked into the distance within the silent, chaotic airflow.

He had long had his doubts that Purple Moon Ancestor would be within this miniature universe. Otherwise, he would have made his way out upon being forced to a corner. Of course, there also could have been a unique situation, such as Purple Moon Ancestor being confined within the miniature universe and thus unable to leave it. If that was the case, then Luo Feng destroying the miniature universe was the same as releasing Purple Moon Ancestor.

But in light of this possibility, Luo Feng had prepared well ahead of time. Without even mentioning the fact that Morosa was the king of Sector Beasts, its power matched the level of a true god of void space. And like a true god of void space that could sweep away everything. At the very least, Purple Moon Ancestor would not be able to block its attacks.

As for Luo Feng, he could execute Linear Element Technique, which was even more superior than Divine Eye Technique. Linear Element Technique was a supreme willpower technique that even godly kings would go crazy over! Even an opponent that was a worthy match for that willpower, if pitted against another being who possessed Linear Element Technique, would have great influence exerted over it. Its opponent might even be able to cause it to fall directly into a state of unconsciousness.

Luo Feng’s willpower had become “holy.” In other words, for any being whose willpower had yet to become holy, the moment it was hit by Luo Feng’s willpower, the impact would bring it down without fail!

East Emperor Ancestor and Purple Moon Ancestor’s miniature universes… Back then, Morosa had tried to devour their miniature universes so it could verify that East Emperor Ancestor’s willpower was stronger and Purple Moon Ancestor’s willpower was weaker.

“Among the true gods of void space, there are quite a few whose willpower has attained the level of an eternal true god. But for them to achieve the level where their willpower becomes holy… That is almost impossible.” Luo Feng shook his head. “Purple Moon is weaker than East Emperor, making it all the more impossible for his willpower to become holy.”

“Regardless of East Emperor or Purple Moon, they both have already transcended reincarnation,” Luo Feng said to himself, “so they possess eternal life. So, where are they?”

The Universe Ocean was just too mysterious.

Take the World of Jin, for example, it had some eternal true god existences like the four major generals. These allowed Luo Feng to understand that he was not invincible. This was the reason why Luo Feng had to carefully hide this king of the Sector Beast. It was his trump card.

Sou!

Luo Feng took Morosa with him and made his way back to the primal universe.

Leaving Morosa behind in his miniature universe, Luo Feng headed back to the primal universe in his original body to the void space of Milky Way Holy Land.

“Let’s go. We shall make our way to the Ancestral God School,” said Primal Chaos City Leader.

He was extremely excited. Luo Feng had just returned from Universe Ocean, and Primal Chaos City Leader was already rushing Luo Feng off to the Ancestral God School, prepared to demand Teacher Origin’s release. He had waited far too long for this day to arrive.

“Mm.” Luo Feng also smiled in response.

Teacher and disciple traveled alongside one another. Very quickly, they arrived at the Ancestral God Palace of the Ancestral God Secret Region. Stepping into the Ancestral God Palace, they saw three ancestral gods seated in the hall.

“The three of you,” Primal Chaos City Leader said pointedly. “I think our purpose in coming here is clear to you all. The Sector Beast crisis is over. Shouldn’t the willpower of the origin keep the promise it previously made and release our Teacher Origin?”

The three ancestral gods looked down at them. Then one of them, the old ancestral god, spoke up. “Primal Chaos City Leader, worry not. Since the willpower of the origin has given its word, it will fulfill what it has promised.”

“Previously, the willpower of the origin already informed us,” the young ancestral god added, “this time around, Luo Feng settled the Sector Beast crisis, thus making a great contribution. Most certainly, this is enough reason to release Teacher Origin… I believe that by now, the willpower of the origin should already be starting to release Teacher Origin. Wait a little while longer. Teacher Origin should appear here in this Ancestral God Palace.”

“Already starting to release him?” Primal Chaos City Leader was excited.

Luo Feng was also filled with anticipation. While he had never received guidance from nor been taught by Teacher Origin, it was a fact that Teacher Origin had immense influence over the human race. To put it one way, Teacher Origin had been the leader during the rising of the humans. Huge Axe and Primal Chaos City Leader were the guardians maintaining the achievements and prosperity of the humans. Luo Feng, meanwhile, was the pioneer bringing about the glory of the humans!

“Just wait a little while longer,” said the double-faced ancestral god.

Primal Chaos City Leader and Luo Feng stood in the hall and waited quietly.

Time passed slowly. Suddenly, a powerful ripple filled the hall, and in the space in the middle of the hall, a contorted wormhole appeared. A blurred figure emerged from the wormhole and instantly appeared within the big hall. Witnessing this scene made Primal Chaos City Leader tremble all over. His eyes were filled with excitement.

The figure came into view. It was a man garbed in a white robe. In the spot where he had arrived, it was as though all of time and space were subdued by his influence. Everything became peaceful and quiet.

“Teacher!” Primal Chaos City Leader made his way over via teleportation. Appearing before the man in the white robe, he immediately dropped down on his knees, tears streaming down his cheeks.

It had been so long. How long had he waited?

To him, Teacher Origin was his teacher. He was his father. To safeguard all that Teacher Origin had created, he, Primal Chaos City Leader, had worked conscientiously and with great diligence. Never for a moment had he gone easy on himself, as he had focused on managing and taking care of the entire human race. Throughout countless years, he had earned himself the good reputation of being just and impartial, and he was known for his selflessness in giving his all for the race. Even when it came to accepting and cultivating his disciples, he did everything with the goal of strengthening the human race. This was why the various great beings of the human race were always filled with respect and admiration for Primal Chaos City Leader!

They never would have imagined that all Primal Chaos City Leader wanted was to safeguard everything that Teacher Origin had left behind. He did not want to witness the fall of the humans.

“Don’t be such a baby,” said Teacher Origin, laughing as he helped Primal Chaos City Leader to his feet.

“Mm.” Primal Chaos City Leader obligingly stood up.

Teacher Origin looked at Primal Chaos City Leader. Then, with a sigh, he lamented, “What a pity that Huge Axe is no longer with us.”

There was sorrow in Primal Chaos City Leader’s eyes as he recounted, “Huge Axe was killed by a Sector Beast. Fortunately, Luo Feng finally managed to settle the Sector Beast crisis. He also managed to retrieve Huge Axe’s supreme treasure, the godly axe, and he has brought it back.”

Upon returning, Luo Feng had made it a point to bring the godly axe with him. When the higher-ups of the human race learned of this news, they had all gasped in awe.

“If he could have lived to see this, he’d have been very happy,” Teacher Origin said. “This child has always been reckless and loved adventures. I have warned him umpteen times. If only he had half your calmness, then he would not have… Ah… let’s not talk about it. Let’s drop the subject.”

To have the guts to call Huge Axe a child—no one other than Teacher Origin would have dared to make such a statement.

Huge Axe had been the very first to follow Teacher Origin. After that, Teacher Origin had officially accepted Primal Chaos City Leader as his first disciple. The three had spent a lot of time together. Primal Chaos City Leader was like the younger brother, Huge Axe was like the older brother, and Teacher Origin was like a father to them both.

“Congratulations, Teacher Origin. You finally got your freedom back.” The three ancestral gods walked over. They were also filled with admiration for Teacher Origin, one of the earliest beings throughout the entire primal universe, who was so extraordinary that he was one of a kind.

Then, the three looked into the distance at the other figure in a white robe. Luo Feng.

White-robed Teacher Origin and white-robed Luo Feng. They were two incomparably dazzling beings from the human race—one from the early period and one from the middle period. They had completely different styles. Teacher Origin was calmer and more laid-back. In his presence, other great beings would feel as though they were basking in a spring breeze.

On the other hand, Luo Feng was like a blade cutting through the sky. Although he was courteous to others, he was always so sharp, always taking everything upon himself—always sporting absolute determination that made him adhere to all his intentions, so that his presence alone sent shudders through any other great being.

“Thanks.” Teacher Origin took one look at the three ancestral gods and smiled as he nodded. “Primal Chaos City Leader, Luo Feng.” Teacher Origin took one long look at Luo Feng. “Let’s go.”

Luo Feng nodded. He could sense that Teacher Origin had quite a lot to say to him. It was just that they were within Ancestral God Palace, which was not a good place for deeper conversations.

“Let’s go.” Luo Feng nodded. Right away, the three vanished into thin air.

The three ancestral gods watched the three pinnacle beings of the human race leaving and looked at one another. The double-faced ancestral god could not resist a sigh. “With the return of Teacher Origin, the human race now has Teacher Origin and Luo Feng. They will glow even more brilliantly and gloriously.”

“Teacher Origin had provoked the willpower of the origin into suppressing him,” the old ancestral god said. “But Luo Feng. Even the willpower of the origin dared not provoke him. He is even more terrifying. The two of them are now reunited with the human race. The human race… How formidable they are going to be in the future.”

“In terms of ability, either one of them could easily attain the level of void space,” the young ancestral god commented. “Within our Universe Ocean, I think we can most likely expect to see two more holy land universes emerging.”

Everyone knew it. The moment Luo Feng settled the Sector Beast crisis, there were no longer any foes from the outside. The human race could certainly expect a long period of prosperity. For the countless billions of eras that followed, the human race would surely do its best to cultivate their later generations to allow their race to become stronger. The return of Teacher Origin was like adding wings to a tiger. The human race would get even mightier and more powerful.

When the humans got stronger, the other races would look up to them. No one would dare harbor thoughts of enmity toward the humans thereafter.

Within the human territory, on one of the corridors of Milky Way Holy Land, Teacher Origin, Primal Chaos City Leader, and Luo Feng looked around as they strolled.

“Look at the doors of those universe passageways,” Teacher Origin lamented through a smile. “The entire primal universe. There are universe passageways of true gods from every other race to be found here. Hahaha… Back then, I would never have imagined that such a scene was possible.”

“Luo Feng.” Teacher Origin turned to look at Luo Feng at his side. “I have been suppressed for so long. Now, you have appeared. For a long time, I have been watching you… At first, it only seemed to me that a new true god had been born to my human race. I would never have expected you to make it this far, even to the extent of releasing me from eternal suppression. This kindness you have bestowed upon me—there is no way I can ever repay you enough. Please, accept a bow from me.”

Luo Feng immediately reached out to stop him. “This will not do,” he said. Strictly speaking, Teacher Origin was his Teacher’s ancestor.

“Well, you have shown me extreme kindness, and that is a fact.” Teacher Origin, with Luo Feng holding onto him, was unable to complete his bow. He could only manage a half-bow. “You need not be mindful of anyone else.”

“Teacher, that is just the kind of person you are.” Primal Chaos City Leader sighed helplessly.

Taking note of the situation, Luo Feng immediately changed the topic. “Right. Teacher Origin… I have always wanted to ask, what did you do back then to make the willpower of the origin so upset that it had to keep you suppressed? Earlier, when I first requested your release, the willpower of the origin actually transmitted a message saying that it was limited by the supreme law, so there was simply no way it could let you out. Only after the Sector Beast crisis was over would it release you.”

“Yes, Teacher,” Primal Chaos City Leader added. “Teacher, when you previously brought up the matter, you only touched on it briefly. What is it all about?”

Primal Chaos City Leader only knew that Teacher Origin and the willpower of the origin were enemies and that they were going to battle soon. As for the most fundamental reason, he knew nothing at all.

“There is no rush.” Teacher Origin shook his head with a smile. “Luo Feng, I heard you destroyed Purple Moon Holy Land Universe.”

“Yes.” Luo Feng nodded. With this news already out into the open, Teacher Origin—who had everything within the virtual universe under his control—would definitely know about it.

“Then I would like to ask… after destroying Purple Moon Holy Land Universe, what about Purple Moon Ancestor?” There was a glimmer of anticipation in Teacher Origin’s eyes. “Where is he? He has transcended reincarnation, so he has eternal life. The moment his miniature universe is destroyed, all the races, universe masters, and true gods that resided in it would die along with it, but Purple Moon Ancestor could still be alive. Have you seen him?”

Luo Feng shook his head. “No, I have not seen him.”

“No?” Teacher Origin was taken aback. “Could it be? Could it have just been a godly powered avatar…?” Teacher Origin stood in one spot, dazed. “Could it be? Could it be…? If I had known earlier… If I had known earlier, I would not have even considered walking down this path.”

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader looked at one another.

What was wrong?

Chapter 1483 - World of Jin

Disappeared

Teacher Origin looked conflicted. “You want to know the reasons why I was suppressed?”

Both Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader listened carefully.

“When I first rose before,” said Teacher Origin slowly, “no one from the first or second universe eras was my match. I roamed Universe Ocean and had no rival. However, I was wary of the two holy lands. Although I was invincible, I wasn’t confident to say that I could match the two ancestors of the two holy lands. I’ve been wondering why the ancestors of the two holy lands never came out. Even if they have transcended incarnations and are indeed unrivaled, they wouldn’t just confine themselves to the holy lands forever. Unless… they couldn’t get out! I have speculated that transcending incarnations is a conspiracy!”

“A conspiracy?” Both Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader were startled.

“I speculated before that this was the conspiracy of the original universe,” said Teacher Origin. “However, after being suppressed, I came across the supreme laws, and that was when I realized that I was wrong. Dead wrong. Supreme laws are what control all the operations in Universe Ocean! The original mind only controls everything in the original universe. It can’t force anyone to transcend incarnations, as it doesn’t have the authority to do so…” Primal Chaos City Leader frowned. “But, Teacher, once someone reaches the void space level, they must transcend incarnations within a very short period of time.”

“Yes,” said Teacher Origin. “That’s the restriction of supreme laws. Only supreme laws can give orders to true gods and above. I’ve been suppressed for a long time, and now, I finally understand it. The original mind is unable to force anyone to go anywhere. Otherwise, it could’ve forced Yuan Ao Master, Zhen Jia Emperor, and the others to go somewhere in the Lands of Extremis instead of going through so much.”

Luo Feng nodded. He had talked with Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest before, and he knew that there was no need to be afraid of the original mind, as it couldn’t do anything to true gods—as long as they didn’t break any supreme laws.

“The reason why I was suppressed,” said Teacher Origin, “is that I disobeyed the supreme laws, and the original mind suppressed me. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have been able to do so.”

“How did you disobey them?” Both Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader were curious.

Teacher Origin smiled. “I was careful of the original mind before, and I suspected that the original mind was behind it all… I tried everything to search for it, but the deeper that I dug, the more I realize that the original mind isn’t wise; it only has some basic wisdom. It must be a very weak mind bred by the origin of the original universe.”

“Weak?” Both Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader were shocked.

“Yes.” Teacher Origin nodded. “The original mind itself is fragile. It only has endless power because of the origin of the original universe. I didn’t want to transcend incarnations before because I was afraid I would be bound forever. I came up with a plan… I would destroy the original mind so that my own mind could become the original mind of the original universe.”

“What?”

Both Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader were shocked.

Soul transfer? Was he talking about soul transfer?

Luo Feng had speculated from past experiences that the original mind itself didn’t have any power. That was why it had needed others to kill Yuan Ao Master. It also relied on the Ancestral God School to do much of its bidding. In fact, Luo Feng had also considered the possibility of seizing control of the authority of the original universe. But it was only a thought. After all, Luo Feng couldn’t think of any viable methods for doing so.

“That’s why I created the virtual universe,” Teacher Origin said with a smile. “My virtual universe and the real universe are like two sides of the same body. They perfectly match each other. I myself am a life form in the original universe, so the original universe doesn’t resist me. When my mind is spread everywhere in the original universe with the help of the virtual universe, it starts to clash with the original mind.”

Both Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader were stunned.

The virtual universe had been created to rob the soul of the original universe!

“But I was wrong.” Teacher Origin sighed. “I was too naïve. I speculated based on my own estimation, but I was dead wrong… I wanted to seize control of the original universe, which goes against the supreme laws! That was why the supreme laws punished me. I lost, and that’s why I was suppressed. The supreme laws punished me. That’s how I encountered more supreme laws and why I understand more about them.”

Luo Feng and Primal Chaos City Leader went quiet.

Teacher Origin was really in opposition against the original mind, and he suspected that the original mind was the ultimate conspirer behind everything. He had seen through the weaknesses of the original mind. He had then created the virtual universe in order to seize control over the original universe. And he had almost succeeded.

“No wonder the original mind wasn’t willing to let Teacher Origin go!” Primal Chaos City Leader exclaimed. “It had to wait until Luo Feng solved the crisis of the Sector Beasts to release Teacher Origin.”

Luo Feng was thinking. The Sector Beasts represented destruction while the original universe represented life, and they were completely opposite to each other. Each side would be treated fairly by the supreme laws, no matter which side won.

Apparently, the supreme laws were unbiased between the two sides. If the Sector Beasts won, they would destroy everything. If the original universe won, Luo Feng, as the greatest contributor, would be rewarded as well.

But it’s unfair, Luo Feng thought. The king of the Sector Beasts is at void space level, yet nobody forces it to transcend incarnations. However, we have to transcend incarnations after becoming true gods of void space.

That’s right. The king of Sector Beasts represents the opposite force to the original universe, and they’re at the most supreme level. We, as life forms bred in the original universe, are inferior, and we’re subject to more restrictions.

The top beings in Universe Ocean were the original universe and the king of the Sector Beasts.

As for the life forms bred by the original universe—even Luo Feng, whose life gene level had reached 100,000 times, who’d had all the life forms salute him—they were all inferior to the original universe and the king of the Sector Beasts. This made Luo Feng very pleased, as he had successfully enslaved the king of the Sector Beasts.

After the crisis of the Sector Beasts, Universe Ocean was peaceful again.

All the miniature universes of the first universe era and second universe era had been destroyed. Skeleton Master had turned to the side of the Sector Beasts, but his miniature universe was still there, as Morosa was still alive. So as not to let anyone else know about the king of the Sector Beasts, Morosa killed Skeleton Master with one thought right after becoming king, and his miniature universe was destroyed as well.

Time went by quickly, and tens of thousands of eras passed.

“The membrane of the World of Jin will turn white every era.”

A new universe master of the demon race, “Ren Yu Master,” drove a palace and flew toward the World of Jin. It usually took a long time for a great being to go to the World of Jin.

“Huh?” Ren Yu Master looked at the surrounding space in shock. “Am I lost?”

Ren Yu Master speculated that he had come to the wrong place, but after checking the map of Universe Ocean and his coordinates…

“This was where the World of Jin used to be before,” said Ren Yu Master. “That giant object disappeared? The whole World of Jin disappeared?” Ren Yu Master was stupefied.

Hong!

The news spread across the original universe like wildfire. All the great beings quickly learned that the World of Jin had disappeared.

After only half a day, Luo Feng arrived at where World of Jin had been.

“Where is it?” Luo Feng, with his silver wings, stood in the chaos air. He was looking off into the distance. A long time ago, the giant body, which had seemed to belong to the Godly King of Jin, had been right there.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

Luo Feng started to teleport and search. It wasn’t just Luo Feng. Great beings of other races were also searching. However, they couldn’t find the World of Jin no matter how hard they tried. Apparently, during the past tens of thousands of eras, the World of Jin had left without notifying anyone. Nobody had found out because no great beings had been there in such a long time—not until Ren Yu Master decided to go there to train.

My godly powered avatar is still inside the World of Jin, Luo Feng was thinking, frowning as he stood there in space.

Deep in Universe Ocean, an enormous object flew at high speed.

Inside its body, inside the World of Jin, on an island of the Python River Army of the East Army, Luo Feng’s godly power avatar was staying there. An era before, after his original body learned that the World of Jin had disappeared, that godly powered avatar had learned that he was no longer in the same region of Universe Ocean. Instead, it had traveled to a strange place.

“Where am I in the World of Jin?”

After an era, the universe membrane finally turned white.

Driving a spaceship, Luo Feng’s godly powered avatar rushed out of the universe membrane. He was very curious about this deeper area of Universe Ocean. He wanted to get out of the World of Jin and away from the giant object to see where he was.

Hong!

He rushed out of the miniature universe of the World of Jin.

“This is…” Luo Feng’s godly power avatar was looking around outside in the spaceship.

Endless flames swept across him. The true god level spaceship was immediately annihilated, and so was Luo Feng’s godly powered avatar.

Inside Milky Way Holy Land of the original universe, Luo Feng was admonishing his son Luo Hai.

“I’ve told you before that I can’t help you,” he said. “If you don’t go comprehend by yourself, nobody can help you! You’re indeed less talented, but there’s nothing absolute in Universe Ocean. Everything has a chance… Huh?”

“Father?” asked Luo Hai.

Frowning, Luo Feng looked out into space, as if he could see through all that distance. He whispered, “Immediately annihilated? Fortunately, I converted almost all my military credits into valuables while fighting the Sector Beasts last time.”

Though he had no idea where the World of Jin was, it was apparently still safe and sound. And all the creatures living inside the World of Jin were still safe and alive.

To deal with the crisis of the Sector Beasts, World of Jin came, Luo Feng thought. The World of Jin. The origin… These two are how the original universe survived. Now, the crisis of Sector Beasts is over, so the World of Jin left silently.

Luo Feng could understand why. The ancient civilization had lived in the World of Jin, after all, and those who lived there were descendants of the ancient civilization. If World of Jin remained here, the life forms from later universe eras would easily gain the inheritance from the ancient civilization. But apparently, nothing like that would now happen.

When will I see the World of Jin again? Luo Feng wondered.

Chapter 1484 - The End of

Original Universe

Time passed. It was a period of peace, and more than six trillion eras had gone by silently.

Inside Luo Feng’s miniature universe, there was a blue sky and white clouds. Flying beasts and animals were everywhere. There were rolling hills with water flowing down from the hilltops. A white-caped man sat on a mountain. It was Luo Feng. A simple but giant guard stood beside him.

“Huh?” The guard looked into the distance. A teenager was teleporting toward him from several light years away.

Hua!

The silver-haired teen showed up on the mountainside. He then stepped on the space and went to the peak of the mountain. The silver-haired teen said, “Father God!”

“Xi Mo, what’s been happening lately?” Luo Feng looked lovingly at the silver-haired teenager.

Xi Mo was exceptional. Luo Feng cared for him almost as much as he cared for his own son. Xi Mo was one of the first life forms that Luo Feng created, so he was technically Luo Feng’s own son!

Luo Feng had created many races, and he had combined them with Remote Ocean. More than ten billion eras after the crisis of the Sector Beasts, the first true god had been born from the Remote Ocean line, and it had been Xi Mo!

There were nine different powers in the human race, and each power had lots of true gods. The three powers that were the strongest were the virtual universe company, the Huge Axe Dojo, and Milky Way Kingdom.

Milky Way Kingdom centered around the earthlings, the Remote Ocean line, and the many other great beings who had joined. Luo Feng was the supreme leader of the kingdom. But that was only on the surface. In reality, Milky Way Kingdom was mainly led by Xi Mo.

To Luo Feng, the entire human race was influenced by him, so there was no need for him to have any separated powers. Xi Mo had once told him, “Father God, the earthlings and the Remote Ocean line don’t have enough say in the senior meetings in the human race.” And so, with Luo Feng’s permission, Milky Way Kingdom had been established.

Luo Feng knew that the earthlings had been created by Sitting Mountain Guest, and from them, many talents had been born. They were destined to be a powerful line.

As for the Remote Ocean line, it was a race he had created while attempting to pursue the perfection of the life structure. Each had its own advantages. They also had great potential. Both lines were powerful, yet they didn’t have enough say, so many great beings were discontent.

However, the true gods on Luo Feng’s side were limited to Luo Feng, Hong, and Fire Dom. Luo Feng was too superior and aloof, Hong was too detached from the power, and as for Fire Dome, he was neither an earthling nor from the Remote Ocean line, so he wasn’t influential enough.

After Xi Mo had become a true god, many universe masters had gathered under him, treating him as their leader. Everything went smoothly. Representing Luo Feng, they had established Milky Way Kingdom so they could have a great say, thus improving their status in the human race.

They had to fight for it. The humans were far too powerful now. After more than six trillion eras, there were 98 true gods in the human race and 1,222 universe masters! The humans were fighting for various resources, as well as authority.

“Father God,” said Xi Mo respectfully. “Another person became a universe master in Milky Way Kingdom.”

Luo Feng nodded. He didn’t care much about someone becoming a universe master.

“Brother Na Ke has been improving very quickly,” said Xi Mo. “If given enough time, he’ll become a universe master.”

“Na Ke?”

Na Ke had been the leading teenager in Blood River World when he had still been weak. Luo Feng was a superior being within the human race now, but he still paid attention to the development of Blood River World—including the growth of Na Ke. He had even helped him three times in secret, though Na Ke hadn’t noticed.

In Luo Feng’s mind, if Na Ke couldn’t become an emperor on his own, there was no need to guide him. Only if he could become an emperor would he be valuable.

Although Luo Feng had helped him three times in secret before, Na Ke was mainly on his own. He had been through a lot, and after billions of years, he had finally become an emperor. When Na Ke had become an emperor, Luo Feng had traveled to Blood River World in the flesh and had admitted him as his disciple! Luo Feng would provide him with guidance once in a while, while Xi Mo was responsible for most of the job.

“Although Na Ke has reached the limit of universe knights,” Xi Mo said, shaking his head, “he might not have enough time to become a universe master in this universe era.”

“Huh?” Luo Feng frowned. “It’s time?”

“In accordance with your order, I’ve been keeping my eyes on the original universe,” said Xi Mo respectfully. “Now, everything that’s happening in the original universe means that the original universe has reached the end. Soon, it’ll be destroyed.”

“Everything?” Luo Feng looked at Xi Mo.

Xi Mo nodded. “In many star domains, lots of stars have been destroyed! It’s normal for a star to meet its end, but it has never before happened on such a large scale. Besides, the probability of a talent being born is declining.” Xi Mo had outlined every situation.

“Finally, it’s going to be destroyed!” Luo Feng suddenly stood up.

He’d been waiting for this for a long time. He had reached the level of a top-tier true god of void space while fighting the Sector Beasts! He had been able to create top-tier level 12 techniques before.

After more than six trillion eras, he’d been talking with Morosa a lot, and Morosa kept showing him the destruction origin, allowing him to comprehend it. Luo Feng had made quite a few improvements. However, he couldn’t compare to Morosa. He was already at the level of limit true gods of void space! Yet Morosa advanced so quickly that Luo Feng was jealous. It had already been as powerful as a true god of void space when it first entered its growth period, and now, after more than six trillion eras, Morosa had reached the level of an eternal true god.

“Master,” said the guard standing to the side, also excited.

Luo Feng took a look at the guard. The guard was Morosa.

“I’ve been waiting for this moment for so long.” Luo Feng smiled.

“Father God?” Xi Mo was dazed.

Little did he know was that the original mind had made a promise to Luo Feng—a promise that he could comprehend the destruction of the original universe. It was a supreme opportunity.

“However, I need to go to one place beforehand.” Luo Feng looked out into space. “You don’t need to follow.”

Sou!

Luo Feng took a step and disappeared. Xi Mo and that guard gave each other a look.

In a silent, deserted star domain where no life forms could be born, Luo Feng appeared.

“It’s been a long time,” whispered Luo Feng.

He had been nothing but a bewildered brat from Earth when he’d entered the universe before. Now… Sitting Mountain Guest had been of great help to him in reaching this level.

“What does Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest want from me?” said Luo Feng. “I thought Teacher would come and find me after the crisis of the Sector Beasts, but he never did. I wasn’t in a rush, so I keep waiting, yet Teacher never called me.”

Luo Feng touched the space, as he could sense that there were dimming ripples in the space. The second he entered the original universe, he understood that the original universe had entered the final stage. It would be destroyed after a short while.

After he had comprehended the destruction… he wouldn’t suppress his power anymore. Instead, he would go and make a breakthrough to the level of a true god of void space. Then he would go transcend incarnation!

However, Sitting Mountain Guest had never instructed him on what to do or what he wanted. Luo Feng was willing to do anything for Sitting Mountain Guest, even if it meant risking his own life.

Hua!

Luo Feng stepped through space and arrived in front of a palace. There was a giant fountain in front of the palace, and there were fish swimming in the pond. An elder stood beside the pond, gazing at it all, looking very relaxed.

Sitting Mountain Guest looked at the pond and said, “Here you come.”

“Yes, I have arrived now.” Luo Feng walked toward him.

Sitting Mountain Guest smiled and took a glance at him. “I’ve been wondering who had the greater patience between the two of us. As it turns out, I’m the more patient one.”

Luo Feng smiled. It had nothing to do with patience.

Teacher Sitting Mountain Guest had devoted so much energy to him, and he gave him a valuable like Star Tower. He had even been willing to sacrifice his own miniature universe to protect Luo Feng’s miniature universe during the crisis of the Sector Beasts. It all showed how much Sitting Mountain Guest valued Luo Feng. How could Sitting Mountain Guest say that this was only about patience— like a child?

“Teacher,” said Luo Feng. He couldn’t help but ask. “This universe era of the original universe is about to end. After I comprehend the whole process of destruction of the original universe, I won’t suppress my power anymore. I’ll go make a breakthrough and transcend incarnation. Teacher, if you want me to do anything for you, please just tell me now.”

“Hahaha…!” Sitting Mountain Guest laughed. “No need to rush things.”

“There’s still no need to rush?” Luo Feng was dazed.

Sitting Mountain Guest turned his hand, and a golden crystal appeared on his palm. He looked at the golden crystal for a long time before giving it to Luo Feng.

“What is this, Teacher?” Luo Feng took a look at the golden crystal. It did not appear to be a valuable.

“Take it,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “There’s a virtual consciousness in it.”

“A virtual consciousness?” Luo Feng was confused.

Though the last generation of Duan Dong River was dead, it had left a virtual consciousness to select its inheritors. The Godly King of Jin had also left a virtual consciousness behind before he died. That virtual consciousness had all the memories of his original body, but it didn’t have any combat power. It was only an artificial intelligence— a machine with many memories.

“That’s my virtual consciousness,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “I’ve told you that there’s something I can’t say out loud… I can’t do it under the supreme laws.”

Luo Feng was dumbfounded.

“When you’re transcending incarnation…” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. “When you’re transcending incarnation, you won’t be restricted by supreme laws, and that is when my virtual consciousness can tell you everything. When you’re transcending incarnation, bring out that golden crystal. My virtual consciousness will appear, and you’ll learn everything.”

Luo Feng nodded, though he was pondering Sitting Mountain Guest meant. No wonder Sitting Mountain Guest wasn’t in a rush; he could only tell Luo Feng everything while he was transcending incarnation.

“Go,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Prepare yourself. The original universe is the most perfect and vast universe. Its destruction contains endless mysteries. It’ll benefit you in a way you can’t even imagine. Comprehend it carefully! After that, you can go transcend incarnation. Don’t be afraid of incarnation transcendence. It’s not a trap. Instead, it’s a good thing.”

Luo Feng was dazed. He bowed to show his gratefulness, then left.

Chapter 1485 - Transcending

Reincarnation (The Final

Episode) Part 1

Within the solar system, a couple in white stood amid the void space as they looked afar at a massive celestial body that was glowing red. It was a gigantic red star!

“Even for a newborn star,” Luo Feng whispered, “the moment the original universe enters its final stage, this star will rapidly age and change. The process will be much faster than the evolution of a normal star. Very quickly, it will reach the stage of becoming a gigantic red star.”

“Haven’t you mentioned it before?” Beside him, Xu Xin said with a laugh, “Now that it is entering its final stage, the origin of the original universe is absorbing energy from all life forms and celestial bodies. Naturally, it will decline faster.” She sighed. “For years beyond count, the moment a star reached the end of its life, for the sake of Earth, we would move to another star. Now, even Earth is gone.”

Luo Feng nodded gently.

Not long ago, when this newborn star, which had just been shifted over, started to age rapidly, numerous great beings from the pulse of Earth had decided to directly move their ancestral world, “Earth,” into the miniature universe. Upon obtaining Luo Feng’s permission, the final decision was to move Earth into Luo Feng’s miniature universe. Luo Feng would set aside a special area of space within his miniature universe for Earth, and this area would be a simulated environment of the solar system.

Luo Feng let out another sigh as he whispered, “Another reincarnation era is coming to an end, just like that.”

“I can still recall the memories of our past,” Xu Xin reminisced. “Back then, we were only two high school students in the headquarter city of Earth. No one would have expected the two of us to be able to live until today—to live to witness the day all the oceans dry up, and the rocks crumble to dust, and the entire universe is finally destroyed.”

Luo Feng lowered his head to look at his wife by his side. Husband and wife looked at one another and smiled.

He turned back to look at that gigantic star, red and glowing. It was beautiful. So beautiful. Just like the sunset during the Earth’s era.

After a long time…

“Huh?” Luo Feng’s brows twitched.

Xu Xin looked confused as she asked, “What is it?” Then, as if also sensing something, she, too, looked into the distance.

A figure could be seen appearing amidst the distant void space. Shortly after, the figure flew over to them.

It was a universe master garbed in a colorful outer robe. Both her eyes were shining with light that was even more colorful than her outfit. She was one of the beast gods from within Ancestral God School. She bowed deferentially.

“Honorable Milky Way Horde Leader,” she said. “I am here by order of the three ancestral gods. The three ancestral gods wish to inform that… the original universe will be destroyed three years from now! I trust that Milky Way Horde Leader still remembers the promise that was made back then. Please do make it a point to make your way to Ancestral God Palace before the time limit of three years is up, Milky Way Horde Leader.”

Luo Feng nodded. “Got it.”

“I shall not impose any further.” The female beast god bowed again, then quietly left.

“Only left with three years.” Xu Xin sighed softly.

“Yes, three years.” Luo Feng nodded.

Xu Xin looked at Luo Feng. She knew that the moment this reincarnation era came to an end, it would not be long before Luo Feng would leave to try to achieve a breakthrough of reincarnation. How could she not worry?

The time limit of the final three years brought about an increase in the speed at which the various races in the original universe moved about. In the face of the decline of the entire original universe, they had to relocate.

Two youths boarded a spaceship that was just about to take off for a faraway star traveler. The planet was the gathering point.

“Even the original universe is going to be destroyed,” said one. “I really wish I could bring more friends along with me. Unfortunately, each of us can only take ten people.”

“Stop lamenting,” said the other. “How big is the original universe? And how big can a miniature universe be? It is fated that 99.9999 percent of the people going up will not have the chance to move into his miniature universe. We are the talents accepted by the Milky Way Kingdom, which has allowed us to bring up to ten people with us.”

It was a large-scale relocation. The criterion for the relocation of the human race followed this order. Firstly, all the sector lords, undying fighters, and those who were higher would be taken away. Next would be those talents who were chosen to be taken in by the nine groups of major powers, such as Milky Way Kingdom, the virtual universe company, the Huge Axe Dojo, and Universe Star River Bank. A handful of talents from certain rounds of the War of Talents —who had not been accepted by any party but had demonstrated outstanding performances—were also taken away.

Then, based on how high or low their abilities were, they could bring family members and friends along with them.

In fact, by comparison, the relocation of humans had been a much kinder process compared to that of the demons and the automaton race. This was because the human race had a very formidable true god: Luo Feng!

The humans might have had 98 true gods, but the surface area of Luo Feng’s miniature universe alone was 1,000 times larger than that of any other true god! He alone had the same volume as 1,000 true gods’ miniature universes!

Furthermore, Luo Feng and Teacher Origin would both achieve their breakthroughs and become true gods of void space by the end of this reincarnation era. By that time, their miniature universes would be able to accommodate even more life forms and great beings. This was why, regardless of anything, they were squeezing in as many life forms as they could. There was no need to worry about whether the miniature universes would be able to bear the weight of future multiplications in numbers of life forms. This was because things would get much easier the moment there was a breakthrough for the miniature universe. This was the reason why so many humans were involved in the relocation process!

But, compared to the countless number of humans within the entire original universe, it was still only a minority who could be chosen!

Within Luo Feng’s miniature universe, at Nine Sectors Mountain, there were gurgling streams, rolling mountain, birds, and beasts all around. It was a beautiful place, and it was also where Luo Feng had remained in solitude while cultivating. Usually, this place would be managed by Morosa.

Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou!

From afar, a dense crowd of figures was flying over. This attracted Luo Feng’s attention. He was conversing with his parents and wife. He turned to take a look.

Over 1,000 figures descended. With great deference, they all bowed and greeted, “Milky Way Ancestor!”

The 3,000-odd figures were all universe masters. The humans had a total of 1,222 universe masters. During this round of relocation, they had been scattered and were entering various miniature universes. As Luo Feng’s miniature universe was the biggest of all, the number of universe masters choosing to come here would naturally be the most—especially those with the potential of becoming true gods.

Almost all of these hopefuls had arrived in his miniature universe. The number of universe masters that the humans had entrusted to Luo Feng’s miniature universe exceeded 900. In addition, there were also some other races from the Hong Alliance without any true gods in his universe. The Hong Alliance was the leader of the humans, so it was a given that their races should be taken care of, too. This was why there was also more than 3,000 universe masters from the Hong Alliance, who had made their way into Luo Feng’s miniature universe.

More than 900 universe masters from the human race had brought along with them a sea of humans, consisting of universe knights, undying fighters, sector lords, countless talented beings, countless accompanying populations, etc.

“All have arrived,” said Luo Feng with a smile. “Let’s act according to the plan that we have come up with, then.”

“Yes, Ancestor,” over 1,000 universe masters replied with deference.

Then, one after another, they left at high speed. They dispersed all over the 100,000 plane surfaces and started releasing the human beings they had brought along with them. The respective plane surfaces where these humans were released would serve as their future homes.

“Father, you have become an ancestor,” Luo Hai said with great envy.

“In the future,” commented Luo Ping, “the humans will multiply, generation after generation. And they will all be multiplying within Father’s universe. Father will soon be making his breakthrough. By then, our ‘Milky Way Holy Land Universe’ will become an eternal existence. In the future, generations of reincarnation eras will multiply here, and naturally, Father will be the ancestor.”

Luo Feng laughed upon hearing what his sons had to say.

True enough. He and Teacher Origin could become true gods of void space anytime. This was why, internally, the humans were already calling out names like “Teacher Origin Holy Land Universe” and “Milky Way Holy Land Universe.” Also, Luo Feng and Teacher Origin were being called “Milky Way Ancestor” and “Teacher Origin Ancestor,” respectively.

“Hmm?” Again, Luo Feng turned around to take a look.

From afar, six figures were flying over.

“Milky Way,” said the six figures, all of them modest and reverent.

“Jue He, Blood Orchid, Rampage, you have come.” Luo Feng smiled and nodded. The six that stood before him were all true gods from the first and second reincarnation eras.

Soon, the great extermination would arrive. To the first reincarnation era, it would mean the arrival of doomsday. Those who could not transcend reincarnation would be annihilated. They were all aware that they did not have the ability to transcend reincarnation, so naturally, they would pin all their hopes on the other miniature universes. But capacity that a miniature universe could bear was limited, so who would be willing to accept outsiders?

Only Luo Feng could easily hope for a breakthrough because his miniature universe was the largest. Plus, he would soon become a true god of void space.

“Go on.” Luo Feng said.

“All right.” The six true gods were filled with gratitude.

Luo Feng watched them leave. There were two reasons why he had chosen to take in these six true gods. The first reason was because of the friendships he had forged with them in the past; furthermore, he was now at the level of the “ultimate limit of a true god of void space.” If he went on further comprehending the great extermination of the original universe—coupled with the constant interaction with Morosa—he believed it would not take him long to achieve a breakthrough to become an eternal true god. This was his second reason for taking them in. By then, there would be space to accommodate even more, so he figured it would not be a bad idea to take six more helpers under his wing.

“Once I become an eternal true god,” Luo Feng said to himself, “there are bound to be great beings becoming true gods in my miniature universe.”

The life forms residing within a miniature universe were not entirely devoid of chances to become true gods. Within the miniature universe of a true god, the highest possible level to be cultivated was a universe master.

Within the miniature universe of a true god of void space, it was possible to cultivate a true god, but there was an extremely hefty price to pay. For every true god that was born, the true god of void space would have to partition a section of his miniature universe for the true god. This was something that very few true gods of void space were willing to do. However, once Luo Feng became an eternal true god, this would be a small price, which he was completely fine with bearing. Besides, ti would not take long for his universe to recover!

In the same way, the World of Jin was a miniature universe; that was something an eternal true god was capable of breeding.

Luo Feng, garbed in white, stepped into the Ancestral God Palace.

“Milky Way, you are finally here. There is only a month left before the great extermination.” The three ancestral gods were seated high above, and among them, the old ancestral god laughed. “You are here, so our final mission can be considered completed. According to the instructions provided by the willpower of the origin, you just need to stay within Ancestral God Palace. That’s all. The three of us will take our leave.”

The three ancestral gods smiled and bid Luo Feng farewell. Then the three of them left the original universe. There was not a single great being left within the entire ancestral god secret region.

In fact, it had been quite some since the great beings of the entire original universe had started leaving successively. There were not many who had remained behind.

The white-robed form of Luo Feng stood on the same spot and whispered to himself, “The great extermination.”

This was not his original body. It was only a godly powered avatar!

Hong!

The void space around Luo Feng was suddenly distorted. A natural wormhole appeared, and an intangible willpower enshrouded Luo Feng.

“Letting me in?”

Luo Feng understood the intention of the willpower of the origin. He had no fear, and he strode in right away. He felt a change in time and space, then found himself entering a vast and mysterious space.

Within this space, there was nothing but countless spots of light, which were drifting about. Every spot was filled with strong power. Even the weaker ones were comparable to universe masters. Their power was intimidating to even someone like Luo Feng. Within this space, Luo Feng seemed so insignificant and small.

“Is this the place?”

Luo Feng remembered back when he was first bestowed with an inherited technique “I Am the Universe.” His consciousness had entered this area before. Back then, he had been touched by a spot of light, and the next thing he knew, he had acquired the inherited technique “I Am the Universe.” At that time, his level of achievement was low, but now, things were different. He was on a much higher level, so his field of vision was wider.

This particular space was none other than the land of the origin of the original universe.

Out of those countless spots of light, only a handful contained information on inheritance. Most contained an inexhaustible power of the origin! Every light was like a vast world where an inexhaustible power existed.

Luo Feng smiled. With a single stride, he could almost touch a light spot in a flash, but that light spot naturally drifted away, retreating to a distance of a few light years. It would not let Luo Feng touch it at all.

“Haha…!” Luo Feng laughed heartily. Then he sat down, cross-legged, directly on a particular spot.

Hua!

Suddenly, within this space of origin of the original universe, a colorful brilliance appeared. The blurry, colorful brilliance was like a rainbow covering Luo Feng. The moment Luo Feng was enshrouded, he suddenly felt as though his body had been extended. His willpower started to penetrate through the entire original universe.

He penetrated through numerous star fields, universe secret regions, deserted star fields, and original stars, one after another.

As small as the width of a grain of sand—as big as the vast law oceans. Rapidly, Luo Feng’s willpower penetrated through everything. At that moment, Luo Feng felt as though he had become the original universe!

“How amazing. This… this is the structure of the original universe?”

Luo Feng was infatuated. He completely immersed himself in his surroundings. There were countless spots of light within the space of the origin of the original universe. These light spots could be divided into 100,000 different categories, which were all revolving around the same center. This was the structure of the “Beginning of the Origin”!

The difference was, this was a much more meticulous structure than Luo Feng’s “Beginning of the Origin” and “100,000 Heavens.” It was like Beginning of the Origin and 100,000 Heavens becoming an endless space.

“So,” said Luo Feng, “the energy that the Law Ocean absorbs can even be stored in the universe in such a way.” Luo Feng was in awe. “A natural wormhole… Universe secret region… So, this is the energy of life.”

Although Luo Feng was unable to penetrate into the most basic life origin, just looking from inside to outside—from a microscopic to a macroscopic point of view, carefully observing the original universe once through—he was able to comprehend quite a lot about it. The benefits that he had learned about were quite shocking.

“Yet, comparatively speaking, I still feel that the final great extermination of the original universe will render the greatest amount of help.”

Luo Feng, seated cross-legged amidst the space of the origin of the original universe, was silently waiting for that moment to arrive.

“The original universe is about to be destroyed. This scene is extremely shocking. Previously, I have seen it with my own eyes.”

Amidst the void space that was filled with chaotic airflow, on a gray ship, Rampaging Devil God was telling everyone else about the previous cycle that he had personally witnessed. Beside him were many universe masters, universe knights, undying fighters, and even a portion of talents who were cultivated in key aspects.

“How much longer before the destruction of the original universe?”

“We are amidst the void space. During the destruction of the original universe, will we be affected where we are?”

Quite a few humans within the hall were raising this question.

“Don’t worry,” said Rampaging Devil God, addressing the crowd in high spirits. “We will not be affected at all where we are. Think back properly, back then…”

Loneliness was indeed torturous. Even if one was invincible, if he led a life of loneliness, then wouldn’t he still be in agony? After he moved into Luo Feng’s miniature universe, Rampaging Devil God had rediscovered the happiness of living that he had once lost. He was quite optimistic by nature.

Numerous ships and palaces were suspended amidst the void space filled with chaotic airflow. Great beings from various races who had made their way out of the original universe were all waiting in silence, waiting for the moment when the great extermination would happen.

“Destroying!”

“Starting to destroy!”

“The universe membrane wall is cracking apart.”

Great beings of the various races were looking at this scene with a mixture of excitement and sorrow. There were still many ordinary beings compared to the number of those who managed to get out of the original universe from their own race who were not able to be relocated. Even Luo Feng’s miniature universe, compared to the original universe, was pathetically small. It was destined that almost all the ordinary beings from the various races would be annihilated along with the destruction of the original universe.

The destruction of the original universe had begun!

Previously, the end of the world had still in the process of gradually occurring, but at that moment, within the entire space of origin, a formidable power was produced instantaneously. This power was crazily devouring everything.

Even for the original universe—with its degree of vastness—all of its membrane walls were splitting apart at a crazy rate. Soon after, everything collapsed. Even the universe’s secret regions and star fields had begun collapsing; black holes were disintegrating successively; mineral planets, declining stars, and even some of the planets on which life forms were residing—all of these started collapsing. The moment they started collapsing, it was almost immediate that they were crushed into a flow of countless particles.

Hong!

At this juncture, the origin also started to sharply reduce in size! The energy of every life form was being crazily transmitted to and absorbed by the origin. The countless ordinary life forms leading their daily lives—some babies who had just been born, some elders who were lying in hospitals, some young couples who were showing their love for one another, some enemies who were just fighting and killing one another—within a split second, all of them were annihilated. The inexhaustible energy of life was flowing into the core of the entire universe in a frenzy.

Silence.

Amid the void space of Universe Ocean, living souls from various other races were onboard numerous ships and palaces as they watched the scene of the destruction of the universe unfolding before them. They were all holding their breath out of shock. Even if they had heard descriptions of this scene beforehand, when they actually witnessed it with their own eyes, they were still in total shock.

The flow of countless particles formed numerous, huge whirlpools. The powerful tearing force would have likely broken and shattered a miniature universe that entered it within an instant.

That violence! That intensity!

It made all the great beings hold their breath. The universe masters and true gods, with their ability to control time and space, were all transmitting the images of everything that was happening before them, sending the images incomparably long distances away. Everything became clearly visible. At such a close distance, everything became clearly visible. The shock was so intense that it sent shudders through the hearts of all the great beings.

“This… this is the destruction?” Teacher Origin was shocked, too.

When the destruction of the original universe began, the swallowing process formed such an infinitely strong tearing force that even a trace of it would have been enough to annihilate his entire being.

Such a strong and ultimate form of destruction caused even Teacher Origin to shudder in fear. Yet the shock that everyone felt was nothing compared to what Luo Feng felt. These life forms from the various races were outside of the Universe Ocean, watching the events from afar. On the other hand, Luo Feng’s willpower had penetrated into every corner of the original universe. He was like the original universe in its entirety. At the moment the destruction began, the feeling that struck him was overwhelmingly clear.

Firstly, within the space of the origin, the “Beginning of the Origin” started revolving 10,000 times faster. The revolving speed was inconsistent, being fast at times and slow at other times, causing the countless spots of light—belonging to 100,000 different categories— to shatter and be absorbed away. This, in turn, caused the space of the origin to rapidly reduce in size. The entire origin exerted an incredible swallowing force over its surroundings.

Swallow! It was doing its best to swallow!

Swallowing all the living beings, all the corpses and carcasses—the entire original universe!

Everything collapsed and was destroyed, transforming into countless flows of particles that revolved around and surged into the origin like crazy. All the most fundamental energy of life was completely absorbed back. To get such a massive original universe to be completely destroyed and swallowed in an extremely short period of time. The speed of those energies of life had exceeded 100 billion— even a trillion times light speed. Absolute rage! It was barbarous!

Hong!

When all of the energy of life had been absorbed into the origin, the origin of the original universe instantly glowed with dazzling brilliance. That brilliance was so eye-catching that the area it spread over far exceeded the size of the previous original universe. This dazzling brilliance had even spread out far enough to shine upon those watching from within their ships and palaces.

“So shocking. Beautiful.”

The living souls of various races were holding their collective breath.

The original universe disappeared. Only the origin remained.

There was power surging up in a circular pattern surrounding the origin, but no one dared to get close to it.

Within the origin, garbed in a white robe, Luo Feng was sat cross-legged right in the middle of the whirlpool. The destruction of the original universe was fleeting and short-lived, yet unforgettable. That scene would be deeply imprinted on Luo Feng’s soul.

“Morosa had shared with me how mysterious the destruction of the origin was, based on his own comprehension.” Luo Feng was still shocked, nonetheless. “But the destruction of the origin, no matter how mysterious, was, on the contrary, quite a transparent process. It was more like a soundless attack during the destruction process. But the original universe represented the origin of life. The destruction of the origin of life was so much more rapid and violent.”

The origin of life contained various laws. To start with, there was life and death. There was also destruction.

The destruction of the origin of life was entirely different from the elimination of the destruction of the origin.

“A short destruction was for rebirth,” Luo Feng mumbled to himself. “Its main purpose was to give life. Everything was for the sake of life… And the destruction of the Sector Beasts was the destruction of their roots.”

Numerous scenes of the destruction continued to flash through his mind. Morosa’s comprehension of the mystery of destruction also flashed through his mind. Both were forms of destruction, but their cores were entirely different… Luo Feng was completely immersed in all these scenes in his mind.

An intangible ripple of willpower swept through Luo Feng as understanding dawned upon him.

“Time to leave.”

Peng!

Luo Feng, clothed in a white robe, was disintegrated and annihilated right away. This was merely his godly powered avatar. At that moment, Luo Feng simply could not be bothered to be distracted by how he could get one godly powered avatar to slowly fly back. It was more viable to simply disperse and disintegrate it.

At Luo Feng’s miniature universe, on one of the mountain peaks of Nine Sectors Mountains, Luo Feng sat cross-legged. He had comprehended for trillions of eras, comprehending the destruction of the origin, comprehending the origin of life. Everything was colliding with one another.

“The path of destruction.”

Luo Feng had gradually made his way down a particular path. Combining the destruction of the origin of life and the elimination of the destruction of the origin, he had arrived at a concluding comprehension for both, and everything was gradually taking form.

The collision of two entirely different origins brought a great shock to Luo Feng. He needed to sort everything in order to straighten things out. He needed to comprehend an understanding of the situation that could justify all his doubts. If he could comprehend it all, he would be freed of doubts.

Time passed. Years went by…

“I am here by Teacher Origin’s order to ask, has Milky Way Ancestor completed cultivation?”

“Father God is still in the midst of cultivation and must not be disturbed,” Xi Mo replied in a most direct manner.

Previously, Luo Feng and Teacher Origin had an agreement. After comprehending the process of destruction, they would make their breakthroughs to become true gods of void space together. Then they would try to transcend reincarnation. But now, Luo Feng was still immersed in the process of cultivation.

“Brother Xi Mo, Teacher is still in the midst of cultivation?” Na Ke looked toward the faraway Nine Sectors Mountains.

“Young fellow, is it true that you just want to tell Teacher that you made a breakthrough to become a universe master?” Xi Mo also cast his gaze over to Nine Sectors Mountain, where Luo Feng was still seated cross-legged. “When Teacher has finished cultivating, he will surely learn about it.”

Na Ke laughed sheepishly.

Time passed. The flowers and plants on Nine Sectors Mountain had gone through countless cycles of blooming and withering, and countless visitors had come looking for Luo Feng. Even Sitting Mountain Guest had come once, yet Luo Feng remained immersed in comprehension. This time around, he was focusing all of his consciousness on comprehending, without a hint of distraction. Naturally, there was no way he could receive any guests.

In the 360,000th era after the destruction of the original universe, Xi Mo and Morosa were safeguarding Nine Sectors Mountains, forbidding any other great beings from disturbing Luo Feng.

Hua!

Seated on the mountain peak, Luo Feng suddenly opened his eyes.

“Eh?”

Xi Mo and Morosa turned at the same time to take a look. Then, in a flash, both of them arrived by Luo Feng’s side.

“Father God,” Xi Mo said in an agitated tone

“Master,” said Morosa, also very emotional.

Luo Feng took a look at both of them and nodded with a smile as he said, “Xi Mo, you can inform everything that I have now stopped cultivating. I suppose there are many who would like to meet me.”

“Understood, Father God,” Xi Mo replied right away. Then he disappeared in a flash.

“Morosa.” Luo Feng looked to his side at his good-natured bodyguard. “I suppose you have also been waiting a long time.”

Morosa merely returned a good-natured smile. Of course, he had waited a long time. He was an ace at dealing with loneliness, and the only opponent that could possibly match him was his Master, Luo Feng. Naturally, he would look forward to some other activity for the sake of novelty—for instance, transcending reincarnation.

“Master, have you made your breakthrough?” Morosa was quick to ask.

“It’s a bit of a process, of course,” Luo Feng teased. “If no progress was made, even after I personally experienced the destruction of the original universe, then I would be a great, big fool.”

Before he had started comprehending this time, Luo Feng had already reached the ultimate limit of a true god of void space.

For all universe masters, the usual practice was to create secret techniques at the third to the fifth stages. Many universe masters would usually get stuck at the level of the fifth tier as the top! To be able to create a sixth-tier secret technique, if one did not choose to take the godly power path, then the achievable level would only satisfy the requirements of becoming a true god.

A true god of void space would commonly be around the 11th to 13th stage. If one could create a 14th-stage secret technique, then that person could become an eternal true god!

When Luo Feng had fought Sector Beast Mo He, he had been able to create a 12th-stage as the top secret technique. After six trillion eras of cultivation, coupled with long-term communicating and interaction with Morosa, he had also been able to create a 13th-stage as the top secret technique, which was the ultimate limit of a true god of void space. And this time, Luo Feng had spent 360,000 eras comprehending. Of course, he would have made tremendous progress.

The destruction of the origin of life! The elimination of the destruction of the origin! This had allowed Luo Feng to comprehend the “Path of Destruction.”

In terms of achievement, Luo Feng had taken a step up to the eternal true god level. This was because he had personally experienced the destruction of the original universe. After all, in the later stage, it would be exceedingly difficult for him to advance even the tiniest bit. Considering that fact that East Emperor Ancestor and Purple Moon Ancestor had never been able to break through in all this time, it was not difficult to acknowledge matter-of-factly.

“Feng.” A figure flew over. It was none other than Xu Xin, who had come because she knew that Luo Feng had finished comprehending.

Luo Feng smiled as he went over to her.

“You are finally done cultivating. Even Sitting Mountain came looking for you at one point,” Xu Xin told him.

“There’s no need to rush,” said Luo Feng. “Right. Can the original universe be born now?”

“It has already been born,” Xu Xin answered with a nod of her head. “The new reincarnation era has already begun.”

Luo Feng’s eyes lit up. “Come along. We shall go take a look.”

With one stride, Luo Feng brought Xu Xin along with him. Right away, he shifted their location to the peripheral region of his miniature universe. Then they made their way out. Luo Feng’s miniature universe was not far away from the original universe. At first glance, Luo Feng’s gaze penetrated the void space, and he could easily see the original universe.

At that moment, the original universe was blurred, as it was surrounded by an endless airflow. This was its most primitive state, and it was now slowly and gradually breeding within its interior. Whether this reincarnation era’s first life form could be born was still an uncertainty.

“Flourishing with prosperity to the limit before the great decline.” Before him, Luo Feng saw a scene that was robust and full of vitality. He could not help whispering, “Previously, the original universe had multiplied its number to reach an extreme, so the number of those living within it also reached an ultimate limit. Naturally, its endurance also reached an extreme limit. Therefore, there was a rapid and violent great destruction. That destruction was for the sake of the new life of today.”

Regarding his own “Path of Destruction,” his comprehension was even clearer.

“Hmm…” Luo Feng was struck by a thought. “Let’s head back.”

Xu Xin looked at Luo Feng.

“Teacher Origin has arrived,” Luo Feng said.

One of Teacher Origin’s godly powered avatars arrived at Luo Feng’s miniature universe.

“How’s the comprehension coming along this time?” Teacher Origin asked.

“I’ve made headway,” Luo Feng said. “It should be possible to cross over to the eternal level in one swift move.”

“Eternal level?” Teacher Origin was far too shocked to maintain his usual calm demeanor.

Luo Feng nodded. “The progress of my miniature universe is going to take some time. When it is almost done evolving, that will be the time when you should start to develop yours again. This way, both of us can successfully achieve our breakthroughs around the same time.”

“All right, I’ll head back and prepare.” Teacher Origin nodded.

Teacher Origin was aware that being able to gain a thorough comprehension this time was a benefit Luo Feng had gained from resolving the issue of the Sector Beast crisis.

Relying on what he had comprehended, Luo Feng had managed to break through the key bottleneck and crossed levels to become an eternal true god. Plus, Luo Feng had once saved his life, so Teacher Origin did not harbor any jealousy toward Luo Feng. Rather, he felt awe and admiration for Luo Feng.

After meeting Sitting Mountain Guest, Primal Chaos City Leader, and the rest of the company, Luo Feng started to work on his breakthrough.

“Rise!”

Standing within the space of the origin of the miniature universe, Luo Feng shouted out a command!

Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong! Hong!

Numerous space portals were successively emerging. Every space portal would appear within the space outside 100,000 Heavens without harming any of the plane surfaces. Endless chaotic airflow was gushing into these passageways, and the membrane walls of his miniature universe were starting to grow, spreading out and expanding rapidly.

1.1 billion light years, 1.2 billion light years…

His miniature universe was undergoing constant outbursts of growth.

As his miniature universe got bigger, the space occupied by 100,000 Heavens was, on the contrary, reduced, while the amount of void space was increased. With more void space available, Luo Feng was naturally able to bring in more void space passageways! The endless chaotic airflow could then rush in to boost the evolution of his miniature universe. This pleasant occurrence of unrestrained supply to boost the evolution of his miniature universe would only happen when there were breakthroughs. Also, this supply was only for the growth of the miniature universe. The godly power that Luo Feng’s body needed for development would have to be accumulated gradually via the absorption and transformation of godly power.

2.9 billion light years, 3 billion light years, 3.1 billion light years…

The miniature universe continued to expand. It quickly became much bigger than East Emperor Holy Land.

Amidst the void space of Universe Ocean, a great many true gods and universe masters watched from afar. There were some from the human race, some from the Hong Alliance, and also some from other races. All of them were witnessing this grand occasion.

“It’s too big.”

“Exactly how big can it get, this Milky Way Holy Land Universe?”

“The diameter has already exceeded five billion light years; it is much bigger than East Emperor Holy Land.”

Sitting Mountain Guest was also watching everything from afar. He laughed and whispered softly, “It is still too early.”

This time, Luo Feng was going to become an eternal true god in one swift move, so naturally, it was still too early to expect a final outcome.

Expand! Expand like crazy! Finally, a diameter of ten billion light years was achieved, and within Milky Way Holy Land Universe, Luo Feng’s own body was also undergoing a change.

“Godly power!” Luo Feng suddenly opened his mouth and sucked deeply. Within an instant, the godly power that had been swallowed and accumulated over a period of more than six trillion eras—which was thereafter transformed and stored as a reserve—came flowing over in a frenzied manner. During this period of more than six trillion eras, Luo Feng’s godly body had long attained its perfect optimum state. If he were to transform into an ocean, its diameter could be as wide as 12 light years. At the same time, it could store a tremendous amount of godly power.

The breakthrough this time around had brought about the evolution of his godly power by 100 times!

After accumulating for more than six trillion eras, his godly power reserve was consumed by more than 80 percent, all within an instant. This brought Luo Feng’s body to reach perfection, but such perfection was only at the level of a true god of void space!

“After accumulating for such a long time, I still don’t have enough. Once I become an eternal true god, my godly power will still be lacking a great deal.” Luo Feng shook his head. “Continue.”

After the breakthrough of his body, numerous portals started to appear within the void space of his Milky Way Holy Land Universe successively. Endless chaotic airflow gushed in to be continuously absorbed and converted, and this allowed for the continuous expansion of his miniature universe.

10.1 billion light years, 10.2 billion light years…

30 billion light years…

60 billion light years…

It continued to expand. Likewise, the length of time required was also extended.

True gods and universe masters of various races were stunned into speechlessness. Gosh! Even East Emperor Holy Land Universe’s diameter was only 3.2 billion light years! Exactly how big could Luo Feng’s Milky Way Holy Land Universe get?

Plus, Teacher Origin’s miniature universe was also starting to undergo a change. Its volume was starting to undergo rapid expansion.

“Teacher Origin’s miniature universe is expanding, too. It has already reached a diameter of 1.8 billion light years, and it is continuing to expand.”

“I think his miniature universe will not be as fearsome as Milky Way Horde Leader’s.”

Great beings of the various other races were discussing the matter among themselves. They could not help but envy the humans because they had two great holy land universes.

“Teacher Origin’s miniature universe has already stopped expanding. Its diameter is 52 light years.”

“That cannot even hold a candle to Milky Way Horde Leader’s miniature universe.”

The evolution of Teacher Origin’s miniature universe had begun later, but he made it a step earlier in achieving success. By the time his miniature universe had reached a diameter of 5.2 billion light years, the diameter of Luo Feng’s miniature universe had long surpassed 90 billion light years. After a period of close to one month, Luo Feng’s miniature universe finally reached a diameter of 100 billion light years.

At long last, everything came to a halt.

“100 billion light years.” Even Sitting Mountain Guest was astounded. “Legend… This is truly a legend. For a miniature universe at the eternal level to reach this stage, it can be considered perfect. Such a miniature universe could only exist in legends.”

“Father God, this is simply impressive.” Xi Mo was incomparably excited while staying suspended amid the void space.

True gods of other races were all stunned and speechless, but the acceptance came easily deep in their hearts—after all, the one who had created all these miracles was Luo Feng!

Since long ago, Luo Feng had already become a legend within Universe Ocean.

“My godly power has, once again, condensed by 100 times.”

Behind Luo Feng, six pairs of wings were outspread. For longer than six trillion eras, the fifth pair of wings simply could not be repaired, but now, in an instant, it was fully restored.

“But the godly power reserve within my miniature universe is still insufficient. If I were to transform into an ocean now, the maximum diameter possible would most likely only be slightly more than two light years.”

Previously, his godly power reserve had been totally sufficient for him to become a true god of void space. But he was still far from becoming an eternal true god.

“Fortunately, my current miniature universe is much bigger than before. The swallowing and transforming of godly power has become much more efficient, too.”

Luo Feng nodded. Milky Way Holy Land Universe was unbelievably huge. Upon absorbing the chaotic airflow, it formed a gigantic whirlpool that even a universe master would have had to travel in a palace true treasure in order to pass through. Otherwise, anything would be strangled to death.

Hu!

With one stride out, Luo Feng left the space of the origin and arrived at the Nine Sectors Mountain of Milky Way Holy Land Universe. All of Luo Feng’s family members were waiting for him.

“Ha!” Luo Feng laughed as he walked toward them.

Suddenly, his expression froze with that smile plastered on his face. An invisible ripple brushed past Milky Way Holy Land Universe to convey a piece of information.

“One year?” Luo Feng mumbled to himself.

Now, he clearly understood. He had broken through to become an eternal true god. Within a year, he had to transcend reincarnation. Even though it was said to be required within a year, Teacher Origin had successfully achieved his breakthrough a month before Luo Feng. If both of them were to transcend reincarnation together, then the time remaining was, in fact, only 11 months.

“Father, Mother.” Luo Feng laughed and continued with the conversation he was having with his parents.

Luo Feng and Teacher Origin met once, had a discussion, and decided that after ten months, Luo Feng would head to Tilted Peak Sector to try to transcend reincarnation. So he had spent the past ten months making all the necessary arrangements.

In the past ten months, Luo Feng met up with many people. Some were from his time on Earth. There were included individuals from his time growing up and maturing. Some were those who had influenced him or those whom he had influenced. There were just too many people.

His children from the pulse of Remote Ocean, like Xi Mo, were all still alive. He met up with old friends from the pulse of Earth, like Wei Wen, and others.

Back when he had first joined Virtual Universe Company, he had gotten to know many good friends, including Bo Lan, Rong Jun (Tu Man), and Wu Ka. Although they were all quite talented, it was still extremely difficult for them to become universe masters—and even more difficult if they wanted to become true gods!

This was not an uncommon occurrence. Luo Feng’s son, Luo Hai, had great opportunities, including conditions that would have been considered perfect. But he had never been able to achieve a breakthrough to become a universe master. Bo Lan and Rong Jun had finally become universe masters, while Wu Ka remained a universe knight. As for the batch of great beings from the War of Talents, there were some who had been annihilated while honing their skills, and there were even some who had not become undying fighters. They had not been able to wait until the day the humans could achieve the status of an ancient civilization.

Previously, the three brothers of Earth had been Hong, who was naturally a true god; it was needless for Luo Feng to even mention this. As for Thunder Lord, even with the help of Luo Feng and the pulse of Earth, it was still difficult for Thunder Lord to become a universe master. After all, to the pulse of Earth, Thunder Lord was unquestionably a respected elder.

True Yan, too, was merely a universe master at this juncture.

“Teacher, within my miniature universe, you are perfectly capable of achieving a breakthrough to become a true god.” Luo Feng told True Yan earnestly. “To me, segregating another miniature universe is really not a big deal.”

“That Official Po Yu…” True Yan, on the contrary, was feeling quite uneasy.

“Back then, on Demon Note Mountain, although she stabbed me in the back, she had her reasons for doing so,” Luo Feng said. “Besides, that was a matter that took place ages ago. Teacher, do not take it to heart.”

Back then, the reason why Official Po Yu had plotted against Luo Feng was simply to take revenge on True Yan!

This involved a love story. True Yan’s lover had died long ago, and True Yan felt especially guilty. He knew that Official Po Yu hated him, yet he could only put up with it all. When investigation results indicated that Official Po Yu had plotted against Luo Feng, True Yan had pleaded for Official Po Yu!

This time around, amidst all the migrations into miniature universes, Official Po Yu had moved into Teacher Origin’s miniature universe. This was also because True Yan had intervened along the way to help Official Po Yu. This blurred the nature of the relationship between Official Po Yu and True Yan.

Before Luo Feng set off for his journey to achieve his breakthrough of a reincarnation era, he gave his disciples one more lesson. Then off he went.

Outside Tilted Peak Sector, a ship was suspended. On it were many figures, including Primal Chaos City Leader, True Yan, Sitting Mountain Guest, Luo Hong Guo, Gong Xin Lan, Xu Xin, Luo Ping, Luo Hai, Luo Hua, Darkness True God, Ice Mountain True God, and Long Yan True God. They had all come to send Luo Feng and Teacher Origin off.

Sitting Mountain Guest was the most relaxed of the lot. “Rest assured,” he said. “If even Luo Feng is in danger while breaking through the reincarnation era, then East Emperor Ancestor and Purple Moon Ancestor must have long ago lost their lives.”

Sou! Sou!

Far in the distance were Star Tower and a ship. Both were flying toward Tilted Peak Sector.

Chapter 1486 (END) -

Transcending Reincarnation

(The Final Episode) Part 2

Star Tower and another ship were diving into Tilted Peak Sector. One was an eternal true god, while the other was a true god of void space. They easily passed by lots of obstacles. They both knew where the “incarnation” was.

“Could you feel the calling, Teacher Origin?” Luo Feng transmitted his voice.

“I can feel it. It’s right in front of me.” Teacher Origin transmitted his voice. “Based on the map drawn by other great beings who went to transcend incarnation, it’s right in front of us.”

After a short while, Star Tower was at the front while the other ship was at the back. They arrived in a vast area.

“Is that…?” Luo Feng looked at the front, and Morosa was standing beside him.

“That must be the incarnation,” said Morosa.

Luo Feng looked carefully. There was a hollow in the vast space. There was a portal entry flowing with colorful energies on the surface. At the entrance were blurry-looking beings. Some looked like humans while some looked like beasts. There were billions of beings at the portal.

“That must be incarnation.” Luo Feng could sense the powerful summoning while supreme laws transmitted the ripples. Apparently, it was guiding Luo Feng and Teacher Origin in. And based on the map, this was the place.

“Let’s inspect it first,” Teacher Origin said, transmitting his voice.

“Okay.” Luo Feng nodded.

They started to inspect the entry of the incarnation, yet they couldn’t see anything inside it.

Teacher Origin transmitted his voice. “Who first, Luo Feng? You or me?”

“I’ll go first.” Luo Feng said.

He was confident. His Star Tower was a godly king weapon, and he was an eternal true god. Either he or Teacher Origin needed to get in first; he couldn’t let Teacher Origin go first.

Hua!

Star Tower flew over slowly. Gradually, it was immersed in the colorful light inside that portal. Then he went it completely.

“Luo Feng? Luo Feng. Luo Feng!” Teacher Origin couldn’t sense Luo Feng anymore. He took out a communications token.

Inside Luo Feng’s miniature universe was a godly power avatar of Luo Feng, so he carried a communications token, also.

“Luo Feng?”

“Teacher Origin,” answered the godly power avatar of Luo Feng.

“How was it?” asked Teacher Origin.

“Come in,” answered Luo Feng. “It’s safe.”

Luo Feng was thrilled. He didn’t encounter any dangers, and once he had entered the incarnation portal, he felt relieved and comfortable.

“This incarnation portal.”

Luo Feng stood inside Star Tower and looked at the outside. Within the incarnation portal were traces of blurry beings. Some were humans, some were beasts, some were plants. All sorts of beings were flying across the place.

“What’s happening?”

Luo Feng put Morosa into another cabin. He waved his hands, and the golden crystal appeared in his palm. It was the golden crystal of Sitting Mountain Guest.

Hua!

A being condensed above the golden crystal. It was Sitting Mountain Guest’s virtual consciousness.

Sitting Mountain Guest looked around and said, “Oh, you’ve already entered incarnation?”

“Teacher.” Luo Feng looked at Sitting Mountain Guest. He had so many questions. “Teacher, what do you want me to do for you? You can say it now. Also, how did you get the Nine Volume Manual? And Star Tower! It must be a weapon of godly kings.”

“Hahaha! Slow down. We don’t need to rush things.” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled.

Luo Feng took a deep breath. “Do tell, Teacher.”

“I know much more than you ever suspected,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Star Tower is indeed a godly king weapon, and it was indeed forged by me.”

“What?” Luo Feng was dazed.

Sitting Mountain Guest had forged a godly king weapon? Could Sitting Mountain Guest be a godly king? But Sitting Mountain Guest had a miniature universe, and that was a fact!

“The fact that I forged Star Tower means I am indeed a godly king. A godly king who’s great at making true treasures.” Sitting Mountain Guest looked at Luo Feng with a smile and said smugly, “I am the Godly King of Jin.”

“You are the Godly King of Jin?” Luo Feng was bewildered.

How could Sitting Mountain Guest be the Godly King of Jin? Luo Feng had tested Star Tower in the World of Jin before, yet the virtual consciousness of the Godly King of Jin in the World of Jin hadn’t been able to identify it.

“But I tested Star Tower in the World of Jin,” said Luo Feng.

“No need to rush. Just listen to me.” Sitting Mountain Guest’s eyes glinted with hidden complexities.

Luo Feng nodded and listened carefully. He felt like Sitting Mountain Guest might really be the Godly King of Jin.

“First, I’ll explain the power levels so that you can better understand my story,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “From true gods, there are true gods of void space, eternal true gods, the holy, and the godly kings. You are familiar with all the levels from true gods to eternal true gods.”

Luo Feng nodded.

“Eternal true gods can form a miniature universe with a single thought,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “They’ve already comprehended some of the origin mysteries of the universe. Like the origin of water and fire, the origin of space and time, the origin of light and darkness… Anyone who can fully comprehend one of them can become an eternal true god.”

Luo Feng had fully comprehended the origin of life and death. The origin of life and death was only the beginning of the Path of Destruction for Luo Feng.

“If you take one step forward, you’ll control the chaos! All the laws come from chaos, which is the ultimate law. If you can control chaos, then you will be a master of chaos. Then you’ll be on the level of the holy. This is very difficult, and lots of eternal true gods remain stuck there. When my Jin Country was at its prime, there were many eternal true gods, but there were barely over ten holies. Once you master the chaos, you can turn your Heart of True God into the ‘space of chaos.’ You’ll need to morph it all by yourself, and you can only accomplish that after you master the chaos laws.”

Luo Feng kept thinking. He also had a “Heart of True God” where he hid the space of a soul, connecting the origin of his miniature universe.

“When you have the chaos space, you can put lots of your godly power in it,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “You can store more and more godly power. If you take one step forward, you’ll be so superior that you can control the chaos space inside your body and turn it into a miniature universe. The World of Jin was a miniature universe created in my body. That miniature universe looks small, but it’s actually enormous. It can breed many great beings. However, you can only perfect that miniature universe by yourself.”

Luo Feng was amazed. When it came to the expansion and evolution of his miniature universe, he didn’t understand any of it. If someone wanted to create a miniature universe inside his body, he needed to turn it into the “space of chaos” first. Then it would turn into a miniature universe. It required an incredible grasp of the mysteries of the universe.

“Different godly kings are good at different things,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “The miniature universes created in their bodies will also be different. I’m good at making valuables, but the universe I created is delicate. Some of the miniature universes created by godly kings are very simple.”

The holy! The godly king! One could control the chaos, and one could even create a universe.

Sitting Mountain Guest kept speaking. “True gods, true gods of void space, eternal true gods, the holies, and the godly kings. Actually, there’s a superior level to godly kings. Legend says that at that level, not even the supreme laws can restrict them anymore. At that level, one can even make the supreme laws.” Sitting Mountain Guest’s eyes were gleaming. “However, I’ve been comprehending for a long time, but I just can’t make a breakthrough.”

“There’s a higher level than godly kings?” Luo Feng was suspicious.

“There should be,” Sitting Mountain Guest said. “Like the one who’s really invincible: Yuan! Yuan made the breakthrough. Of course, one can only imagine how powerful he is at that level.”

“Yuan?” Luo Feng was taken aback.

The “Linear Element Technique” that he was practicing had been created by Yuan.

“You must have the Linear Element Technique already.” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled and looked at Luo Feng. “That’s the technique of Yuan!”

Luo Feng was astounded. “How did you know?”

Even if Sitting Mountain Guest was really the Godly King of Jin, he had never entered the World of Jin. The fact that Luo Feng had gained the Linear Element Technique was only known by the virtual consciousness of the Godly King of Jin.

Sitting Mountain Guest laughed. “Is that even a question? Hundreds of universe masters from Purple Moon Holy Land and the united forces alliance were killed all at once! You were strong enough to do so… And you didn’t have the authority to command those generals. There’s only one possibility: that you completed the tasks in Wu Qi Tower, obtaining the Linear Element Technique, and that’s why my virtual consciousness gave you the supreme authority. You have a higher authority than the four generals, and that’s how you killed hundreds of universe masters all at once.”

Luo Feng was dazed.

“Besides,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “I also carried a manual for the Linear Element Technique. I was about to give it to you after you became a universe master and had stronger willpower. I didn’t expect my body to arrive right after you became a universe master. You entered the World of Jin and learned Linear Element Technique, so the manual I carried cracked. Yuan left that technique, and he left lots of manuals. However, if anyone successfully learned it, all the other manuals would be destroyed.

“The manual of Linear Element Technique I carried was destroyed, your Remote Ocean gave out forces of willpower shock, and hundreds of universe masters were killed all at once… There’s only one conclusion: that you learned Linear Element Technique.” Sitting Mountain Guest sighed. “Yuan is an aloof being. His technique Linear Element Technique is renowned. Many godly kings want to learn it. Unfortunately, law masters are the most suitable to learn it. True gods are fine as well. Those higher than true gods won’t be able to learn Linear Element Technique anymore. Many powers want their talents to try it, but they all fail!”

“Teacher!” asked Luo Feng. “What exactly is happening?”

“I’ll tell you all my stories. You’ll understand everything after you hear it,” said Sitting Mountain Guest.

Luo Feng listened carefully. This was the story that had been hidden by Sitting Mountain Guest for a long time.

“At the end of Universe Ocean is a land called the Land of Origin, and that’s the so-called ancient civilization, as you all call it,” said Sitting Mountain Guest.

The ancient civilization! The ancient civilization was the Land of Origin, and it was at the end of Universe Ocean!

“I grew up in a tribe in the Land of Origin, and I was admitted to a clan of valuable making,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “I fell in love with my schoolmate. I married her, and I became a peerless talent great at making valuables. I rose and established Jin Country based on my clan, and I became the Godly King of Jin Country. I had a loving wife, and powerful and loyal officials. I was standing at the top. Everything was fantastic! However, nothing lasts forever.”

Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “After a long time, Shi Country suddenly attacked my Jin Country. They killed my wife, my officials, and my brothers, and they destroyed my Jin Country! Everything I built was destroyed by Shi Country!” Sitting Mountain Guest’s eyes glinted with madness and resentment, even in front of his own disciple.

Luo Feng sighed.

Everything, including his family members who had been with him for a long time, had been destroyed. Luo Feng couldn’t even imagine such pain. He had fought Sector Beast Mo He because he wanted to preserve all that. If someone destroyed those whom he had been guarding, he would risk everything to take his revenge.

“It’s difficult to kill a Godly King,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “The three country masters hunted me, but I ran into Universe Ocean. I entered Universe Ocean and didn’t come back. Instead, I went deeper! Because… I wanted to enslave Sector Beasts!”

“Enslave Sector Beasts?” Luo Feng was shocked.

He had successfully enslaved the king of the Sector Beasts!

Sitting Mountain Guest nodded. “That’s right. Sector Beasts are a legend in the Land of Origin, and they are definitely a catastrophe! However, among all the powerful kingdoms in the Land of Origin, there’s a country called ‘Tian Mu Country,’ a country more powerful and older than Shi Country. The country master is called ‘Purple Wood Godly King.’ His country was once destroyed. But then, he fled into Universe Ocean, went deep, and brought an enslaved Sector Beast back to the Land of Origin!

“It would take many countries combined to resist a Sector Beast that is fully matured, and a Sector Beast that is out of control is a nightmare. However, Purple Wood Godly King enslaved a Sector Beast so that it would follow his orders. All the enemies of Purple Moon Godly King were annihilated. As for the other countries, they were lucky that Purple Wood Godly King didn’t attack them. Who would dare to mess with him? With a king of Sector Beasts, Tian Mu Country boomed. Now, after a long time, the country itself is almighty. And the guarding beast, a Sector Beast, has never shown up. It became a legend.”

Luo Feng was confused. “I’ve searched for information in the World of Jin. Why aren’t there any detailed documents about the Sector Beasts?”

“Haha! The most powerful beings that can be bred in the World of Jin in my body are eternal true gods.” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “The army world won’t have resources like that. The legend has been widely spread, and Purple Wood Godly King admitted it himself.

“It’s impossible to enslave a powerful Sector Beast. I could only go and enslave the Sector Beasts that hadn’t grown up yet. So I needed to go deep in Universe Ocean. I went deeper… Actually, many great beings who lost their countries and had strong hatred in their hearts did the same. They went to Universe Ocean and tried to enslave Sector Beasts. Like the last generation of Duan Dong River. He went there with Universe Boat. It might have been a powerful army. They rushed in and tried to enslave Sector Beasts that hadn’t matured yet. However, even I wasn’t able to do so. As for them, they all died and couldn’t even be reincarnated.” Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “The deeper I dug into Universe Ocean, the more I realized how dangerous Universe Ocean was.”

Luo Feng frowned. “Dangerous?”

Now he knew why Universe Boat was so broken and had become one of the three Lands of Extremis. There were some notes on Universe Boat saying that they had followed an incorrect path—and they regretted it. Apparently, the message had been left under desperate circumstances.

“Supreme laws won’t allow us to venture there,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “However, there’s a silver lining after all. It only asked the original mind of the original universe to hinder me. Without the permission of supreme laws, there’s no need to be afraid of the original mind. However, with the help of supreme laws, the original mind can use the power of the origin of the original universe to manipulate Universe Ocean. The closer you get to the original universe, the more powerful you’ll realize it is.”

Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “You can’t even imagine it. I understand that if I trespass, I’ll definitely die. That’s when I started to create a plan B. I firstly left a virtual consciousness in the World of Jin. Then I left the Linear Element Technique behind, hoping that some descendants bred in the World of Jin could learn it. Then I created a valuable: Star Tower. Something thrilling happened when I was making it. A trace of golden light merged with it, making Star Tower a godly king weapon. There are nine levels in Star Tower, and each level has three levels of techniques, so there are 27 levels of techniques in total!

“I needed to go deep into Universe Ocean, where the original universe is, so I needed to choose disciples in the original universe. I left techniques on Star Tower for my disciples. You can drive the first and the second levels of Star Tower before you become a true god. The third and the fourth levels, you can utilize at the true god level. On the fifth and the sixth level, you can utilize them at the true god of void space level. The seventh level is for eternal true gods. The eighth level is for the holy. The ninth level is for godly kings.”

Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. “Certainly, that’s just the ordinary case. After I completed Star Tower, I put all my valuables in my Jin Emperor Palace. Jin Emperor Palace is the most important valuable of mine, and it’s also a godly king weapon. I went deeper into Jin Emperor Palace. When I found that I couldn’t go deeper and couldn’t get out, all I could do was separate a small piece of my life imprint and put it in Jin Emperor Palace, performing reincarnation.

“Jin Emperor Palace flew across the endless Universe Ocean. I was already dead. The only thing left was a trace of life imprint under the special situation of reincarnation. Jin Emperor Palace was driven by its puppets. Without the supreme laws, the original mind couldn’t stop a dead object from flying. Then I arrived at the original universe, and my life imprint was reincarnated in the original universe, becoming a special life form: Sitting Mountain Guest.”

“Oh?” Luo Feng understood it now.

“Reincarnation is permitted by supreme laws,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “However, I still have the memories of before. I’m at a supreme level with incredible willpower, which is why supreme laws restrict me. The original mind always has its eyes on me. If I dare to disobey the supreme laws, it’ll definitely seize the chance to suppress me. I only knew a little bit about the supreme laws, so I didn’t dare to fight anyone with my real power.”

No wonder Sitting Mountain Guest had never fought anyone for real. Instead, he had always used some special skills.

“The original universe represents the origin of life, with endless possibilities,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Any life forms can be born as long as there’s a suitable environment. I couldn’t find a suitable disciple, so I made a disciple myself.”

“I wanted to cultivate a race that was good at controlling their bodies,” he continued. “In my original plan, the top-tier talent of that race could reach the third level on the godly power path, having endless godly bodies. That was how the Flame God race came into being, followed by your brother, Flame Emperor.”

Sitting Mountain Guest shook his head. “But I was wrong. Flame Emperor indeed has a great body talent, but he has mediocre comprehension, and he’s quite stubborn. Even as a peerless talent in the Flame God race, his comprehension can’t even compare with Hong from Earth, let alone you. I gave up on that method. I gave up on Flame Emperor. Though the great beings with endless godly bodies were the real talents, I couldn’t ask for so much. I also needed to consider Linear Element Technique, and I needed to find a race that could make breakthroughs on their souls. I tested a lot, and finally, the earthlings were created. Many talents in the history of Earth were selected by me, but they all failed to inherit Star Tower. It’s indeed very difficult to inherit Star Tower, but to me, practicing Linear Element Technique is out of the question if you can’t even own Star Tower. And finally, you showed up, inheriting Star Tower!

“As for the weaknesses of your bodies, I could only make it up with the Nine Volume Manual. However, you could only reach a life gene level of 10,081 times with that. After that, you’re on your own.” Sitting Mountain Guest sighed. “That was what I was worried about. It would be difficult for you to follow the path of godly bodies. Fortunately, you gained the body of ‘Remote Ocean,’ and you gained the inherited technique of Creation. You finally made a breakthrough.”

Luo Feng understood everything now.

“Teacher, when those Sector Beasts were attacking us, why didn’t you go enslave them?” asked Luo Feng. “Is it because you’re not powerful enough?”

“I am restrained everywhere in the original universe,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “The original mind treats me as its greatest enemy, so I follow the ordinary path to become a true god so that it won’t send anyone after me. I don’t have a solid foundation, and my godly power is too weak. Even if a Sector Beast were to lie down in front of me, I wouldn’t be able to enslave it. If I were still a Godly King, I would be able to do so. Besides, if I fought the Sector Beasts, the original mind would seize the chance to suppress or even destroy me.”

Luo Feng was shocked. “But the original mind is hostile toward Sector Beasts as well.”

“No,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “Compared to the Sector Beasts, it’s more afraid of me. Sector Beasts will force it to destroy the original universe, and the mind might be harmed. As for me, I’ll be able to transfer the soul of the original universe if I keep growing.”

“Soul transfer?” Luo Feng recalled the words of Teacher Origin.

“But I wouldn’t do such a thing,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “My foundation is too weak this time. I even follow the law path to become a true god. Soon, I’ll make a breakthrough and become a true god of void space. And then, I’ll go transcend incarnation in Jin Emperor Palace. I’ll be back in the Land of Origin and reincarnated again… If I reincarnate in the Land of Origin, I won’t be restricted by any supreme laws, and then, I’ll become a true god at the third level of godly body. That’s the only way I can become stronger. As for executing soul transfer on the original universe, I am already a godly king, so soul transfer on the original universe wouldn’t benefit me much. And that’s why I was willing to give up my own miniature universe to protect yours. Even if my miniature universe was destroyed, I could still pass the incarnation portal in Jin Emperor Palace. Both Jin Emperor Palace and Star Tower can protect souls very well.”

Luo Feng asked, “Is the Land of Origin at the end of the incarnation?”

“Hahaha…” Sitting Mountain Guest laughed. “I’ll explain it this way. The Land of Origin is the origin of all the dimensions and space. That’s why it’s called the Land of Origin!”

“All the dimensions?” Luo Feng pressed.

“Universe Ocean around the Land of Origin looks like an endless hollow, but it actually has different dimensions and spaces. You’ll enter another dimension of Universe Ocean easily. There are, in total, 3,000 dimensions of Universe Ocean. Each Universe Ocean has an original universe, and each of them has an incarnation portal.

“The incarnation portals have two usages. A creature bred in the original universe can get to the Land of Origin through the incarnation portals after becoming a true god of void space. If they can’t become true gods of void space in time, their souls will return to the Land of Origin through the incarnation portal when they die. However, along the incarnation portal, only powerful souls can reach the Land of Origin. As for the weak ones, they’ll be annihilated. And those souls will all lose their previous memories! To sum it up, powerful souls bred by the 3,000 original universe dimensions will be sent to the Land of Origin. The life forms bred in the Land of Origin are all-powerful, as the weaker souls are all annihilated in the incarnation portal.”

Luo Feng was thrilled. The origin of all dimension spaces? The center?

“The Universe Ocean of 3,000 dimensions is the foundation—the foundation of the Land of Origin. The Land of Origin is the common origin point of all dimensions!” Sitting Mountain Guest exclaimed. “It’s also the most prosperous place. Many powerful loners left their own secret inheritances, and there are also many powerful tribes and countries! There are so many different powers that intertwine. It is chaotic. Sometimes, there are talents rising from the 3,000 dimensions of Universe Ocean.”

“Talents rising?” Luo Feng was dazed.

“Yes.” Sitting Mountain Guest nodded. “You’ve been wondering why Purple Moon tries to suppress humans and kill you, right?”

“Why?” asked Luo Feng.

“Because the human race obtained the inheritance from the ancient civilization, and it was about to boom. If he didn’t suppress you, there would be many true gods born in the human race, even true gods of void space. As for you, you have a bright future. If you keep growing, you might transfer the soul of the original universe before he does.”

“Soul transfer on the original universe?” asked Luo Feng.

“That’s right.” Sitting Mountain Guest nodded. “There are many powers in the Land of Origin, and there are lots of secret inheritances. How could the brats from the 3,000 Universe Ocean dimensions rise? Once their willpower gets stronger, they might be able to do soul transfer on the original universe. Once he succeeds, he’ll get to comprehend all the mysteries in the original universe, and it’ll be easy for him to be the holy. He might even become a godly king.

“I suspect that Purple Moon was absorbed by a particular power, so he knows about the information of soul transfer on the original universe. East Emperor is also in the Land of Origin, so Purple Moon can’t find him. He can only target you. You have such great potential that he has to do everything in his power to destroy you. Once Purple Moon’s willpower reaches the holy level, he’ll try to execute soul transfer. Based on the power of the original mind, the difficulty varies. Normally, those with willpower at the holy level can get the soul. However, once someone reaches the godly king level, he can definitely succeed no matter how difficult it is.

“I’m already a godly king, so there’s no need for me to do soul transfer. I actually don’t care about it. However, the original mind refuses to believe me. It’s afraid of me, so it targets me all the time.”

Luo Feng looked forward to it. When he was fighting Mo He, his willpower had already reached the holy level.

After more than six trillion eras, his willpower had also improved. After merging his own willpower into the original universe, it was like he experienced the total destruction of the original universe, influencing him to a large extent. His willpower was at the top-tier holy level now.

“You also practiced Linear Element Technique, so you’ll be great at soul transfer.” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. “When you enter the Land of Origin, you can try it by using the godly power avatar in your miniature universe to rob the soul of the original mind.”

“Why was Teacher Origin suppressed?” asked Luo Feng.

“Soul transfer is tempting.” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. “You have to leave Universe Ocean and enter the Land of Origin before you can do so. Your original body is in the Land of the Origin, then the original universe won’t be able to suppress your original body even if it wants to. You can try to do soul transfer again and again until you succeed. Teacher Origin isn’t smart enough. His willpower is at the eternal true god level, and he also has the virtual universe to be combined with the original universe. He could have succeeded. However, his original body is in Universe Ocean, so the original mind can easily suppress him!” Sitting Mountain Guest sighed. “You’re my disciple. I cultivated you, and you should understand that I want you to kill the three country masters of Shi Country.

“I need to give you some advice before you enter the Land of Origin. The Land of Origin is the origin of all the dimensions of the universe. It has countless valuables, but it also has the talents who flooded in from all 3,000 dimensions of the universe from countless eras. They fought the indigenous people in the Land of Origin in the beginning! The indigenous people were stupid, so they couldn’t compare with the great beings from the 3,000 dimensions of the universe. Gradually, there were more and more great beings, and after they procreated, they occupied more than 90 percent of the territory.

“I also belong to that team. As for the indigenous people, they can only hide in some horrendous places. They’re still resisting it. Like the strange objects you’ve found in Universe Ocean—like that ‘strange wood’ used by Yuan Ao Master! That’s a weapon used by the indigenous people from the Land of Origin. They have no idea how to make weapons, so they can only use ‘strange wood’ and ‘strange metal’ as weapons. Did you see lots of bloodstains on those true treasure weapons?” Sitting Mountain Guest smiled. “Those are the deserted weapons from the Land of Origin. They flowed into Universe Ocean and flowed here.”

Luo Feng nodded. He understood now. Actually, many secrets behind the original universe that were unknown could be traced back to the Land of Origin.

“Supreme laws want to protect you, so they forbid us from talking about lots of the information of Land of Origin.” Sitting Mountain Guest sighed. “We can only refer to it as the ancient civilization and say that the ancient civilization was destroyed already. Besides, if you travel along the incarnation portal, you might show up anywhere in the Land of Origin, so you might not be able to find Teacher Origin.”

“It’s all right.”

“I’ve already said enough,” said Sitting Mountain Guest. “But remember! Even godly kings will run away, and I am one of them. Be careful and survive first. Then you’ll stand a chance of dealing with the three country masters of Shi Country. Remember, the most important thing is to stay alive! There are many things in the Land of Origin waiting for you to explore. This virtual consciousness of mine must go now. Otherwise, my enemies will find out and learn my secrets. Disciple, you’re on your own from now on.”

Peng!

The image of Sitting Mountain Guest in front of him broke.

Luo Feng stayed silent for a long time. There were 3,000 dimension spaces, and each dimension had one Universe Ocean and one original universe. The common point of origin was the Land of Origin.

“That’s right, there are no restrictions on the inheritance of Duan Dong River now. I can read all of it.” Star Tower was moving forward in the incarnation portal, so Luo Feng had enough time to read all the memory stones of the Duan Dong River inheritance.

As Luo Feng read about it, he knew more about the Land of Origin. There were many schools, secret inheritances, tribes, cities, and mountains, and they might all be powers. Also, there are many secret organizations. The most powerful ones were the countries established by godly kings.

Time flew.

The dimension where Luo Feng stayed was too far from the Land of Origin. Even moving through the incarnation portal, it took him over a month to get there.

“Huh?” Luo Feng sensed the strange ripples and looked up.

“Master, I can feel it,” said Morosa. “It should be right in front of us.”

Luo Feng nodded. He looked forward with gleaming in his eyes.

Luo Feng had said before that his life was splendid because of fighting and bright because of his family. He wanted to guard his family members, but he didn’t want a tame life. He craved adventures and fighting. He wanted to see more and to experience more!

Clearly, the Land of Origin was where he wanted to go—the origin of the 3,000 dimensions.

He saw some brightness.

Luo Feng’s eyes gleamed. “Land of Origin, here I come! I go because I want to stand at the top! I want to see the most beautiful scenes!”

All of a sudden, Star Tower disappeared in the brightness.

An even more mysterious and breathtaking adventure was about to begin in the Land of Origin.